
·~i:(Vj~ =II 
UCD Freternlty 
LoMs Charter 
DA VIS - In the wake of 
investigations by UCD police 
and the Pi Kappa Phi 
fraternity's national governing 
body, university fraternity 
officials announced last week 
that they have suspended the 
charter pf lhe Davis chapter. 
The suspension comes several 
months after UCD police 
searched the local fraternity 
house and uncovered photo-
graphs suggesting university 
hazing violations. UCD 
defines hazing as conducting 
activities that might "reason-
ably bring physical harm" to 
an individual or "subjecting an 
individual to cruel or unusual 
psychological" situations. 

- The California Aggie 

FBI RaIds UCI 
Doctors' OffIces 
IRVINE - Just over a week 
ago, FBI agents raided the 
homes and offices of three UC 
Irvine physicians involved in 
the UCI fertility scandal. The 
three doctors, Ricardo Asch, 
Jose Balmaceda and Sergio 
Stone, have been accused of 
misappropriating human eggs 
and embryos, financial and 
research misconduct and 
insurance fraud. Law-
enforcement officials confis-
cated various records and 
personal items from the 
doctors, and are currently 
investigating possible tax 
evasion, mail fraud and 
fertility-drug smuggling. 

- Thze New University 

ucla Physicist 
Wins Balzan PrIze 
SANTA BARBARA - Alan J. 
Heeger, director of UC Santa 
Barbara's Institute for Polymers 
and Organic Materials, has been 
awarded the 1995 Balzan Prize. 
Heeger - a pioneer of the new 
and rapidly expanding field of 
electrically conducting plastics 
- and other researchers 
discovered that, with a single 
free electron, they could make a 
plastic with the electrical and 
optical properties of metals and 
semiconductors. Heeger will 
receive $300,000 from the 
Balzan Foundation to further his 
research into the "science of 

ne~ non-biological materials." 
-UC Newswire 

HIATUS: Winona Ryder 
and Nicole Kidman flash 
female star power Hll 

OPINION: Peter Chang's 
guide to UCSD's alternative 
media outlets 4 

SPORTS: Women's 
volleyball loses in straight 
sets to CSUB 20 

., H • u c 

UC SAN DIEGO THURSDAY,OCTOBER5,1~5 

Students Protest Davies 
DEMONSTRAnON: Students 
rally in support of civil rights 
and affirmative action 
By !ather Yoon 
Guardian Reporter 

Occupants of the Koll Center office building in 
downtown San Diego - where Regent John 
Davies' office is located - were greeted Monday 
morning by an angry group of UC students pro-
testing the regents' July 20th ruling against affir-
mative-action programs. 

Organized by No Retreat!, the UCSD civil-
rights coalition, and The United Front, the UC 

NOT GUILTY 

Irvine affirmative-action coalition, the rally drew 
more than 30 students from both schools, as well 
as local media attention. 

Several protesters said the rally set the stage 
for what will likely be one of the largest student 
battles waged this year. _ 

"Our ultimate goal is to get our voices across 
and to educate more students and faculty mem-
bers on issues involving affirmative action," said 
sophomore Greg Field, A.S. external affairs of-
ficer and No Retreat! member. 

Chanting slogans such as "No justice, no peace" 
and "Just say no to Jim Crow," the students 
picketed the front entrance of the building for 

See RAU Y, Page 9 

DeCision: Over 2.000 O.J. Simpson supporters gather outside the l.A. County Courthouse 
before the verdict was read. The crowd rejoices after hearing the news. 

Fiber-Optic Upgrade Promises Sweeping 
Changes for Entire Old Student Center 
CABLE: University Centers 
administrators also see 
possiblities in planned link 
By Mary HIUlns 
Guardian Reporter 

Ultra-fast digital communications may soon 
be available to organizations in the old Student 
Center, if a proposed fiber-optic link between the 
old Student Center and the Central Utilities 8uild-
ing (CUB) becomes a reality. 

Fiber cabie uses light to transmit digital TV, 
radio and computer signals much more quickly 
than possible witb the existing analog copper 
wiring. 

Spearheaded by a request from KSDT -
UCSD's student-run radio station, located in the 
old Student Center - student groups anticipate 
big changes in University Centers communica-
tions, if the fiber cable is installed. 

Fiber-optic cable already exists in other parts 
of campus - the campus-wide computer network 
is based on fiber-optics - but this marks the first 
time that students have initiated the installation of 
the cable on campus. 

KSDT first requested that the station be linked 
to UCSD's~xisting fiber system last October, and 

the A.S. Council allocated $24,770 to fund the 
initial stages of the project - including the pur-
chase of new fiber. The council has since made a 
second allocation of approximately $30,000, with 
a third allocation of an additional $10,000, which 
is still pending. 

UCSD Administrative Computing & Telecom-
munications (ACf), which is handling the esti-
mates for the project, then approached an on-site 
vendor to install the fiber. The vendor's estimate 
was too high, according to several people close to the 
project, and ACf proposed an "open bid." 

Once the bid is received, it could take ACf up to 
three weeks to obtain the fiber and other necessary 
hardware, depending on whether or not the supplies 
are in stock. 

ACf is still waiting for the new estimate, which 
was expected on Oct. 2. In the early stages of the 
bidding process, installation was scheduled to begin 
in Summer 1995.Over the past 28 years, KSDT has 
only broadcasted on AM. radio, which is not 
easily accessible to UCSD students. If the bid 
comes through, however, KSDT will be able to 
advertise and broadcast its own cable TV pro-
gramming. 

Other organizations in the Student Centercould 
benefit from the fiber system, including AS. Soft 

See FIBER, Page 9 

5 

VOLUME 86, ISSUE 5 

OatH: UCSD and UCI students rally 
outside Regent Davies' office building 

A.S.Argues 
AboutChe,. 
Rep. Removal 
CAFE: Student-run Co-op 
may owe A.S. Council 
$5,000 for annual audit 
Bycar.c. .... 
GuBrrllsn Reporter 

Controversy surrounded the AS. meeting 
last night, as councilmembers engaged in 
heated debate over a request for the removal of 
an AS. representative and an outstanding debt 
owed by-the Che Cafe. 

Near the beginning of the meeting, AS. 
Commissioner of Operations and ServicesJean 
Lee asked for the removal of Sujata Shende-
the AS. Representative to the Co-op Over-
sight Committee. 

Shende is also currentiy the Student Co-op 
financial bookkeeper. 

"There is a contlid of interest here," Lee 
said. "The Oversight Committee is supposed 
to make sure that the bookkeepers are doing 
their jobs. If something happened, it would be 
a lot easier for her to cover her tracks. .. Al-
though, I'm not saying that she would do 
anything like that." 

Leesaid later that she was awareofSujata's 
involvement in the Food Co-op, but was "un-
aware of the level of involvement until now." 

"A core member of the Co-op should not be 
in such a position, " AS. Vice President Ad-
ministrative Jennifer Nicoll said. "So far, the 
request has been withdrawn, and nothing has 
been filed at this point. " 

Shende was unavailable for comment. 
In a letter addressed to the A.S. council, 

Falk wrote that three different AS. commit-
tees approved of Shende's original appoint-
ment, and, at that time, "all information pursu-
ant to the issue [of a conflict of interest] was 
made available to [the AS.] council." 

Another controversy arose later in the 
meeting, asAS. council members addressed 
an outstanding debt owed by the Che Cafe to 
the A.S. 

An amount of $5,000 is required by the 
Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) -
a contrad between the AS., the Co-ops, 
Graduate Student Association (GSA) and 
the UCSD administration - for an annual 
audit of the Che. 

"The MoU states that a debt-is owed, but it 
does not say who owes it," Falk said. 

See COUNCIL, Page 9 



2 NEWS The UCSD Guardian 

510 Aquarists Study 
Giant Sea Horses 

. ETCETERA. 
• • 

FIRST: Scripps is the only known facility to have 
successfully bred the sensitive species in captivity 
By Rebecca II1II"" being sought. 
Guardian Reporter 

The Stepben Bircb Aquarium-
Museum unwittingly began tbecap-
tive breeding of Pacific sea borses 
last November, after Scripps divers 
captured a male sea borse off tbe 
San Diego coast-only to discover 

A total of 17 SCI horses are now 
corralled at the aquarium, where 
aquarists are conducting on-going 
studies of the SCI horses - in addi-
tion to displaying the timid crea-
tures in the aquarium's Southern-
California gallery. 

later that it was preg-
nant. 

Since tben, Pa-
cific sea borses, or 
hippocampus 
ingens, have been 
bred at the 
aquarium, making 
Scripps Institution 
of Oceanography 
(SIO) the first facil-
ity of its kind to suc-
cessfully mate the 
sensitive species in 
captivity. 

In the wild, Pa-
cific sea horses live 
off the coast of Baja 
California, occa-
sionally venturing 
north into the cooler 
waters off the San 
Diego coast. 

"It's amazing 
how the sea horses 

Whenthl. 
specie. mate., 
thefemale .. a 
hone deposit. 
It. eggs In a 
pouch on the 
male'. belly, 
where the ea. 
are fertilized. 

Scientists origi-
nally tbougbt that 
SCI horses took five 
to six years to reach 
their full size of 30 
to 33 centimeters. 
In just 11 months, 
however, the juve-
niles have grown to 
between nine and 
14 centimeters. 

The newly ob-
tained data gleaned 
from tbe captive-
breeding program 
has forced aquarists 
to resbape mucb of 
their information 
on sea borses, in-
cluding maturation 
age and life span . . 

In anotber sur-
prising develop-
ment, one of the 
captively bred ju-

CALVIN a HOBBES 

BRIEFLY ••• 

~ 1IEt- SaIl .. -s ""'~ 
Sli",~1t'\ 4IIcI 5\.111\1, 

001 (!I/["s;z~ '""'" l)'OEIlIIRE, 
'IIOULci 10\0101 sliU. IIiII/l ~ 

survive in the wild," said Debbie 
Walden, an aquarist who works with 
the sea horses. "They're so fragile 
and graceful." 

When this species mates, the fe-
male sea horse deposits its eggs in a 
pouch on the male's belly, where 
the eggs are fertilized. Following a 
four to six week-long gestation pe-
riod, the male delivers anywhere 
from 200 to 800 babies, measuring 
seven to nine millimeters in length. 

venile sea horses gave birth a week 
and a halfago. 

"It is quite hard to tell if"these 
males are expecting, " said Walden. . 
"They're so small." 

Scripps Director Earns Compass Award 

The 11 surviving first-generation 
offspring have provided aquarists with 
a rare opportunity to study the Pacific 
sea horse, wh.ich is a scarce and elu-
sive animal in its natural habitat. An-
swers to questions about the sea horses' 
life span, growth rate, age of sexual 
maturation and mating patterns are 

COUNCIL: 
ContInued from pee. 1 

TheA.S. asked for the money to be 
paid by Oct 2, but CM Cafe advisors 

"'"'\aid the money is too much and too 
soon for such a smail business. 

"Noone bas been paid, "said Steve 
Dubb, president of GSA "We were 
$7,000 in debt last year and we pulled 
ourselves out of it. Compare the 
amount of money the Cb6 is making 
to other Co-ops. I don't think it's fair 
to put such a large audit on a business 
the size of Cbe." 

Others argued thattbe debt would 
have to be paid by the Che. 

Of the 2S0second-generation cap-
tive-born sea horses, four have sur-
vived. Since the sibling sea horses 
from the initial batch had interbred. 
genetic concerns have been raised 
about the second-generation 's health. 

In response to these concerns, a 
new facility for the sea borses is 
being built. The project was made 
possible by a donation from La Jolla 
resident Dorothy Munro. The facil-
ity, dubbed "The Sea-Horse Cor-
ral," will allow for additional tanks 
and a more controlled environment 
for breeding of the creatures. 

''If they don't pay the audit, that 
would clearly violate last year's con-
tract. We'd have to pay their debts, 
losses, insurance - everything," Lee 
said. "You could twist it and say we're 
being harsh, but we are lOO-percent 
responsible. We want to help. We're 
trying for raj compromise." 

Falk maintained a protcctivestance 
regarding the on-campus food estab-
lishment 

"Since Che is for the students, and 
AS. is representative of the students, 
we should help out, " Falk said. "The 
AS. is trying to find a more reason-
able audit of every five years, along 
with an annual review." 

Edward Frieman, director of the Scripps Institution 
of Oceanography (510) and UCSD vice chancellor of 
marine sciences, will receive the Marine Technology 
Society's 1995 Compass Distinguished Achievement 
Award in a ceremony on Tues., Oct. 11. 

Frieman is receiving the award, which honors indi-
viduals making significant contributions in the fields of 
oceanography and marine technology, because of his 
achievements in the areas of marine scientific re-
search, policy and education. 

A professor of phySics at UCSD, Frieman became 
the eighth 510 director and marine-SCience vice chan-
cellor in July 1986. He is a plasma physicist whose 
research extends into hydromagnetics, hydrodynam-
ics and astrophysics. 

Besides serving as director of energy research for 
the U.S. Department of Energy, Frieman taught at 
Princeton University for over 25 years. He sits on 
several special committees and panels, has received 
multiple professional awards and is a member of the 
National Security Agency Special Task Force. 

ScIIoI ...... lp Established In 
Memory of Provost'. WIfe 

The Rebecca E. Lytle Memorial Scholarship Fund has 
been established in memory of Rebecca Lytle, the late 
wife of Thurgood Marshall Colle&e ProYOst Cecil Lytle. 

Lytle's friends and family contributed $50,000 to the 
fund, which is restricted to Marshall students. Accordirc 
to Provost Lytle, preference wiH be given to Incoming. 
students who are the first members of their families to 
enter coIIe&e. Other criteria Include a record of ~ 
nlty service, a history of OIIefCOITlirc hardship, member-
ship in an underrepresented group at UCSD, financial 
need and a demonstrated artistic ability. 

Lytle, who passed away last spring, was very active 
in the San Diego community. Besides volunteering for 
READ/San Diego, an adult literacy program, she re-

ceived the Children's Hospital Volunteers of Excel-
lence award for her work in a child-abuse prevention 
program. 

Anyone wishing to contribute to the fund should 
contact Mary Gagliardo, UCSD director of develop-
ment for student affairs, at 534-9646. 

Chilean Music/Dance Company 
To Perform at Mandeville 

The Ballet Folklorico Nacional de Chile, on its first-
ever North American tour, will bring Chilean legend, 
ceremony, dance and musical tradition to the 
Mandeville Auditorium next Tues. at 8 p.m. 

The 32-member company was founded in 1965 by 
professors and alumni of the University of Chile. Under 
General Director Sergio Soto Ortiz, Ii is considered the 
finest national dance group in South America. 

Tickets, available at Ticketmaster and the UCSD 
Box OffICe, are $22 for general admission, $20 for 
senior citizens and $16 for full-time students. A group 
discount is also available. 

Vlvarln Off ... $10,000 for 
Best Student Web Pag .. 

The VlVarln "There's No Place Uke Home Pages" 
contest, offering a $10,000 scholarship to the college 
student with "the coolest Web site,· is accepting 
entries through Oct. 31. 

The designer of the second-place site will receive a 
Panasonic Palmcorder, while two thl~lace and two 
honorable-mention winners will receive Sharp stereo 
systems. 

The contest, intended to "honor the creativity and 
ingenuity" of college students' Web pages, will be 
Judged by a panel of online and media luminaries. 

Fore more information, orto enter the contest, visit 
the Vivarin Web site at http://www.vivarin.com/vivarin. 

BRENT JOHNSON, Opinion Editor 
DEREK VAN HOFTEN, Associate Opinion Editor 

DAN KRAFT, Sports Editor 

CIRCULAnON ASSISTANTS: Ken Chin, Pablo Maneuy. Christine Plttord, 
Stefanle StOCk. Aymel Terrar 

//Ie vcso GuItt1ilfl II pWIls11ed MonGays.no TtwOlyS dIXIrt tile BCademIc iN' by and for 
the students 01 UCSO. Repr~tion 01 "'is _per In 1n)'1orm. _In wnote or'" Dart, 
witllOlA permission II ~ prOlllblted. 0 1995, iii rf&htsreseMC. //Ie VCSOGuatrll", is not 
responsible lor the reli.rn 01 ..,SOIicited manuscrlPlS or If\. The _ .. pressec In I'8Phlcs 
and ......, 1oIter1 or comrneruries do not necesSMi~ represent the opInIonl or //Ie VCSD au_. the lkllverslty 01 CIIolom., or the ASSOCiate<! Stuoents. "'" UCSD Glwdilrlls fI.nled 
solely by advertisrc. _ me, but would )011 11M In)' ~ PouDon? 

SEAN RAHIMI, Associate Sports Editor 
JEFF NIESEL, Hiatus Editor 

YAKOV ZOLOTOREV, PIloto Editor 
CHUCK NGUYEN, Cc;Assoclate Photo Editor 
HEIDI MUZHIK, Cc;Assoclate Photo Editor 

DOMINIC LOBBIA, Graphics Editor 
BRENNA LATHAM, Design Editor 

HNIOR ST,," WRITERS: Peter Chanll. Jenny Lind. Dan Sweeney 
STAff WRITERS: Christina Batne. Rebecca HIli. Meer. Pal 
ILLUSTRATORS: Mike Ibay, Nikki Kine, Rich Yumul 

ANN UREFtnD, Advertising Manager 
BOB hANDREA, BuslMlss Office Manager 

MIKE MARTINEZ, Art Director 
RITHYA TANG, Ass/. Business Manager 
JOHN BARBER, Ad L8yout and Design 

JOE PAN, Graphic Designer 

Editorial: 534-6581. News/Features: 534-5226. 
Opinion/Sports : 5~582. Hiatus: 5~583 

Business Office: 534-3466. Fa~ : 534-7691 
lHIlall: ,uarCllanOucsd.edu 

Guardian Online: http://www.ucsCI.edu/luarCllan 
TEDD LADD, Editor in Chief 

SIMONE MILLER, Co-Managing Editor 
ANNA VAISMAN, Co-Managing Editor 

seon PADEN, Copy Editor 
IVAN DELVENTHAL, Associate News Editor 

TERRY LEW, Associate News Editor 

DESIGNER: Matthew Baldwin 
PHOTOGRAPHER: Marl< Patterson 
COpy RIEADIR: JOhn Murphy 
TYPIST: Janet Eom 

UCSD Guardian, 9500 Gilman Drive 0316, 
La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 

Actua' toc"oon: Seton<l FloOr. UCSO Student Center Bulldinc :" ., Rm. 217 

_ .... .". ....................... IIII!"' -. ' _ .... ....;.._-.....:. . .... --- .... .... 

Thursday, October 5,1995 The UCSD Guardian NEWS 3 

Literature TA 
Passes Away % Atkinson On-Line 
SCHOUR: Exact cause of 
death was unreleased 

The new UC president went on-line yesterday evening to 
hear students' concerns and answer their questions 

By IVIIII ~nthal 
Associate News Editor 

Wanda van Dusen, a UCSD graduate stu-
dent in the Literature Ph.D. program, passed 
away at her parenis' hom.e just over a week 
ago. She was 51. 

Family members did not wish to release the 
exact cause 'of her death. 

Van Dusen, a San Diego area native, was 
midway through a dissertation on modernism. 
In addition, she taught French, German and 
Making of the Modern World classes, and had 
just written an 80-page essay on Gertrude 
Stein, which sbe submitted for publication. 

"She was a very reliable person and an 
excellent student ," said Lucinda Rubio-
Barrick, management services officer of the 
literature department. "Her colleagues thought 
very highly of her." 

Wanda van Duscn is survived by her fa-
ther, Laurence VanDusen; two brothers, 
Charles (Chuck) and Laurence; a sister 
Viktoria; nieces and nephews. 

A private memorial service will be held 
today . 

What ... you plannlnl to do to 
Increase the quality of under-
enduate education In the UC sys-
tem? Risht now It Is pretty bad. 
-UCLA 

The faculty arc continuously focused on 
issues of quality. But let me assure you that 
the UC system offers the finest education 
that exists anywhere in the world. I have no 
apologies for the quality of education in the 
UC system. I do worry that class sizes are 
growing too large, and tbat's a key issue I ' ll 
worry about in dealing with tbe legislature. 

• have heard that UCD has lost 
25 percent of its faculty to early 
retirement, and • assume that the 
other campuHl have had to deal 
with similar fillires. Does the 
university plan to fill these 
"spaces" soon and, H so, where 
will the funds come from? 

-UCD 
The last three years bave been the most 

difficult in the last 127 years of lJC history. 
We managed to get through this period through 

voluntary early retirements and have not yet 
replaced these individuals. It is a grave prob-
lem for the university, and if it continues for 
many more years, the quality of the institution 
will be greatly reduced. One of my key con-
cerns is to tum the situation around and con-
vince the legislature of the importance of 
remaining competitive. 

While you were u UCSD, you 
had very little contact with stu-
dents. Do you intend to reverse 
that policy as UC president, 01' 
become even less accessible? 
-UCSD 

I don't think that's a fair characterization. 

Previous administr.tions have 
been marred by SCMdaI, and the 
lmace of the president's office has 
suffered as a resuM. Cluifyinl .x-
amples of the neptive Incidents I 
refer to, are the petty cash abuses 
under the Gardner administration; 
and the seduction of the electorate 
into acceptinl a Mparanteed one-

time only f .. Inc ...... " ObvIously 
these Incidents have done nothlnl 
to foster trust In the UC "mlnistr. 
tion as a whole. Do you ..... to 
llUlke replnllII that trust a top 
priority of yow office? - UCD 

Yes, with no reservations. 
-

Your thoushts on affirmative 
action, please. - UCSB 

It's important to understand tbat the uni-
versity has not ended affirmative action. 
The Board of Regents' vote on July 20 
ordered us to stop using race as a criteria in 
admissions, hiring and contracting. The 
board also reaffirmed UC's long-standing 
commitment to diversity, and we all remain 
resolute in our effort to have a student body 
at the University of California that reflects 
the racial, social and economic diversity of 
California. 

Atkinson concluded ... 
Let me leave you with one last thought: 

you are students in the finest university in 
tbe world. Have ~ good night and study 
hard! 

ad 
mania 

.1 have a packet of study materials from 
Columbia MCAT In my b~kpack, and a bottle 
of Wild Spirit In the cupboard. Which one wi!1 
not have been touched by tomorrow morning? FREE: 

THE EARL Y BIRD GETS THE WORM 
April MeAT Examinees: What Kind of Bird are You? 

This Fall, most pre-meds will on~ work on coursework and extracurriculars. 
A few wi" begin their conceptual HCAT science review. 
Which do you think is thr mort rffrctirr tidmissions stratrgy! 
The HCAT is an inteerative test You have to be ftuent in ill the fundamental conctpts of fillt-~ar physia, 

biology, and genel1l chemistry as well as a good deal of organic. These concepts are basic, but you've got 
to understand them intuitively, and be able to apply them to all kinds of unfamiliar situations, quickly. 

How can you gain this fluency~ By starting early. Spend your disclltiona'l time on HCAT science Ilmw 
this ",alter. Then when our coulle begins in January, our instrudoll will help you put the polish on your 
sciences knowledge, and you can focus on ~ what you've leamed by doing HCAT practice passages, 

Here are some good reasons to get started NOW, instead of waiting: 

~. We offer the very best home-study HCAT sciences review materials in Existence_ 
Dear, conc:eptual, creative, and conc:ise (weD, as concise as you can get, given eyerything you're responsible 
for). Sign up early and you can get these great review materials ea~y, The first shipment of 
our HCAT Home Prep Pack is available now. 

• 2, We offer a discount to 
Early Birds. Sign up by 
9/15 and get $100 off, 

PBOFESSJom 3. Choose your session early. 
do it by 10/11 and get 
a $50.00 discount 

With only 24 students per session, 
popular sessions sellout well 

in' advanc:e of Jan. 11th. 
Guarantee your fayorite time slot 

4. Firm up your Resolution. 5. Secure the April Advantage! 
The earlier you get started, the Hed School admissions is very competitive 
less chance you'l have of "putting process. If you can take the test in Apri~ do so! 
off' the ItCAT to August Don't let 401ft take it in April, 60'ft+ of admits took April. 
your COUlltwOrk interfere. Ease the burden bJ doin, some prep now. 

Drop by and visit usl Mon-FrI, 1 Oam-Spm 
U Village Prof Ctr, '1131 (behind E-Bar and EI Torlto) 

9arHpm 

L1U. 4;~!!.O_/.!~~~S!ND 
/' " I JI-!t=1 -/t=t::Il -, III I~ 
-::;...~..;. =-. . . . rIIEI m 7JIE 'IV GEl'SElllIHIS ABDUl' THE m" 

PRE .. MED 
SEMINAR 
* * * * * * *-* * * * * 

(if PRE .. MED ISSUES: 
Getting ready, acing the MCAT, AMCAS, 
the application, admissions, & interviewing. 

(if MEDICAL SCHOOL: 
Overview & strategies far success . 

(if RESIDENCY/CAREER: 
Choosing the right specialty far you! 
The future of medicine. 

TIME: 
Tuesday, Oct. 10th, 7 pm! 

PLACE: 
The Cove, Price Center 

(just right of the Chinese rei13uram) 

SPEAKER: 
William H .. Bresnick, M.D. 

UCSD Physician 
& MeAT expert 

HOItedby: 

O,lurJiI. !(tJAT R~ &. The UCSD ~-Med aub 



4 OPINION 

EDITORIALS 
Editorial Bol/IIr1 

TEDO LADD, Editor In Chief 
ANNA VAJSMAN, Co-Mana&I~ Editor 
SIMONE MillER, ~aclnc Editor 

BRENT JOHNSON, OpInion Editor 
.TERRY LEW, Associate News Editor 

TIle UCSD _10 pUOII __ • _ et 1M UfMIsIty of CeI_ • . Sen DieIO. eont.nta 
01II1II. VIews......-__ 1M mejc)fttywote"l118 _eI _ . ...,_not 

~ _ of 1M uc IIoenI of "-'t.. the ASUCSO. nor tile _ .. GuMlIM stell. 

Traffic in New York City stopped for a full minute, classes 
were interrupted and business was put on hold. The verdict for 
Los Angeles county versus Orenthal James Simpson was read 
aloud not just for the defendant, the judge and the lawyers to hear, 
but for the entire nation. 

The reaction to the "not guilty" verdict was as pathetic as the 
circus surrounding the case itself. A gym fuJI of students at 
Howard University stood up and cheered as the tinal decision was 
read. On lV, one black man said, "Simpson may be guilty, but 
it's time we won one, too." 

Regardless of whether you believe Simpson was innocent 'or 
guilty, there are several reasons why Simpson should not be 
considered a victim of racism. First and foremost, Simpson was 
not charged with the murders of Nicole Brown Simpson and 
Ronald Goldman because he is black. There was ample evidence 
to arrest and charge him with the crime: He had no alibi, his ex-
wife had been killed and his blood type matched that of the killer. 
These accusations were not based on racism. They were based on 
probable cause. 

Secondly, why would someone consider Simpson a victim of 
racism when he lived a white life? He lives in a white area of 
town, married a white woman, belonged to a white country club 
and was accused of baving too many privileges while he was in 
jail. To think that Simpson was trying to further the black cause, 
before or while he went to trial, is a severe misconception. 
Simpson himself appeared to be trying as hard as possible to 
forget he was black. 

If blacks must choose someone to cbampion their cause against 
white oppression of black society, they should pick someone who 
symbolizes their ongoing oppression. 

The Simpson trial must not set a precedent which calls for 
each jury to acquit a minority defendant, for fear that otherwise 
they may be labeled as racist. We cannot let racism prevent us 
from holding fair trials, and we cannot sacrifice justice in order to 
push racist agendas. 

Wanted: Parking Spaces 
Students unfortunate enough to commute to UCSD know 

how hopeless the undertaking can be. Like scavengers, drivers 
circle around the few available lots, frantically fighting their 
way for a space. 

Officials from the UCSD Department of Transportation and 
Parking claim the severe lack of parking is due to campus 
construction. They place the blame of the reduction in student 
spaces on "powerful" faculty who always get their way. 

The time for excuses is over. 
Parking at UCSD is an agonizing nighbnare for one reason 

only: Administrators from the parking department have taken 
away all possible options. 

Student spaces which were once available have been taken 
away. Over 700 yellow spots have come under the paint gun in 
tile last five years. In the meantime, the number of full- and part-
time students has been slowly rising. Old parking oplions are 
disintegrating. 

Students who show up to campus before 7:30 a.m. are faced 
with parking in UCSD's own version Of Siberia - East Parking. 
While the number of shuttles visiting the out-of-the-way lot has 
increased, so has the number of crimes to vehicles. Present 
parking options are hardly appealing. 

Officials have yet to seriously consider building a parking 
garage, or designing a system of multi-priced pcnnits, which 
would range in cost by how close the spaces are to the center of 
campus. Future parking options seem to be dead in the water. 

For an administration which is actively trying to keep people 
on campus, promote central meeting places and foster some 
degree of school spirit, it's doing a poor job of allowing students 
to park near UCSD. 

Thumbs Up to Audrey 
Giesel ••• 

•• .for her generous support of UCSD over the years. The $20-
million gift from the widow of "Dr. Seuss" to the University 
Libraries is the largest donation ever received by UCSD. 
'. 

. 14CCtCCCCC4CCCCCCCCCQtcccccaaacasaacacsszz._ 

The UCSD Guardian 

PINION 

I, ~J UGSI) na1j:" 
DRIVING, 

CALIFORNIA STYLE 
COMMENT~Y: Our freeways are congested with careless drivers 
who are oblivious to the meaning of "courtesy" and "safety" 

D ere k 
van 

HOFTEN 
The Voiceo! 

Reason 

The state of driving in Cati-
fornia has officially reached an 
all-time low. The decline was 
steady for about three years, but 
has picked up steam over the 
past few months. 

Anyone with the misfortune 
of having to drive anywhere, at 
anytime, will agree. No longer 
is a simple trip to the grocery 
store safe. No longer can you go 
driving just for 
the fun of it-
you wouldn't 
make it to the 
end of the 

However, drifters do not limit their activities to my 
car alone. No, as long as I am physically inside a car, 
drifting is authorized. My friends refuse to believe that, 
simply because I am a passenger in their cars, drifters 
will attack. They laugh an~ dismiss "yesterday's" drift 
as an anomaly. But then it happens: As we speed along 
at 65 mph, a broken-down Dodge pickup truck drifts 
in front of us at 50 mph, gradually crossing the lane-
divider and narrowly missing our front bumper. Only 
then, do they believe me. 

However, drifting hardly stands out as the most 
vexing trait of California drivers. Ev-
eryone has heard of the California 
Stop, where a car gingerly rolls 
through the stop sign without ever 
coming to a complete stop. But how 
many of you have witnessed the Cali-
fornia "roll-through-the-stop-sign-as-
if-no-()ne-else-were-()n-the-road-and-
then-slam-on-the-brakes-when-the-
oncoming-car-swerves-out-of-the-
way-to-save-your-ass" Stop? 

block before 
having to hop the curb to avoid a 
swerving· madman. But if you have 
suffered, if you are nodding your head 
in agreement, you still haven't seen 
anything until you've seen Ihe type of 
drivers following me around. 

For some reason, I actually attract 
bad drivers. They somehow seek me 
oul and follow me around town, tor-
menting me with their annoying hab-
its and dangerous maneuvers. 

aut then It Spend a day in my car and you'll see it. For some reason, pr.1ctically 
ev::-y idiot out there honestly expects 
his streets to be empty. He'll make a 
right turn as if there were no slop sign 
at all and, even worse, no oncoming 
traffic. Normally, these drivers see me 
at the lasl minute and pound their horns 
as if I were at fault, even though I had 
no slop sign and had the righl-()f-way 
10 boot. 

1IIe Ploble. 
The most common of these is a 

seemingly harmless tendency which I 
call The Drift. Though not excluded 
from residential or business districts, 
it occurs mosl often on the freeway. 

Whenever I attempl 10 pass a car 
- or, more likely, a mammoth big-
rig - the vehicle ilQmediately spots 
me and proceeds to drift over into my 
lane. I've gotten so used to this "mag. 
nel effect" that I no longer express 
shock when it occurs. I simply accel-
erate past the drifter and await the next 
one. 

happens: As w. 
speed along at 
81 mph, • 
brok.n-down 
.,.... pickup 
truck drIt'tIln 
front of u. at 10 
mph, ,....u.11y 
croSlIn. tile 
IanHlvld. and 
narrowly mI ... .., 
our front 
bumper. 

Unfortunately, this only happens if 
I'm lucky. Often, the driver ignores me 
altogether, leaving it up tQ me to 
swerve wildly out of his way, weaving 
between the oncoming traffic, the 
parked cars and the pedestrians - all 
in an effort to reach safety at the end 
of the road. I can just hear Ihat idiot 
back in his car, cursing at the crazy 
·driver swerving down the street. 

My friends scream uncontrollably and stare in 
amazement at how calm and relaxed I am. I merely 
explain to them thlt drifters have become an integral 
part of my life. Quite honestly, if no one drifted to-
ward me, my own driving would probably suffer u a 
·result 

Occasionally, drivers see my car and still don 'I care. 
Most often, this takes place at four-way slops. While 
some of us - very few, actually - wait patiently for 
our lurns, I few random cars sneak up behind the car 
in front of them, so they can burst through when it 

See DRIVE, Peee 8 
, ................ ~ ...................................... ~~~~~, 

The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

COMMENTARY: UCSD provides a wide array of alternative media, 
ranging from the outrageously crude to the racially and ethnically charged 

A SOMEWHAT-SKEWED MEDIA REVIEW 
By PeterC ...... 
Senior Staff Writer 

Unlike the majority of college 
campuses,.w.hich carries no more 
than two or three small periodicals 
in addition to its "official" newspa-
per, UCSD enjoys a thriving and 
prolific collection of alternative 
media. 

Largely comprised of opinion, 
these papers span from the politically 
motivated 10 the lighthearted and ir-
reverenL Generous funding from the 
Associated Students' alternative-me-
dia fund ensures a steady supply of 
papers representing some of the most 
divergent views on campus. Since a 
portion of student fees is used 10 su~ 
port this media, I encourage every stu-
dent 10 leaf through our alternative-
media racks, regardless of your p0-
litical orientatiori. 

While you certainly won't agree 
with everything you read, learning 
the beliefs of the people behind the 
papers will provide an excellent 
opportunity to see the world through 
a different set of eyes. 

To assist new and returning stu-
dents in navigating the bewildering 
assortment of papers available, I've 
provided a brief media review be-
low. While alternative-media pub-
lications tend to run on a rather er-
ratic schedule, you can usually 
count on at least two issues per quar-
ter from most of the papers. 

Before we begin, I request a m0-
ment of silence for the passing on of 
the Yellow Pages, UCSD's first, only 

and best Asian humor paper. Editor 
in Chief Chris 0Ja0 left us for better 
thinp- namely, a real job. 0Ia0 was 
the backbone of \he Yellow Pages, and 
without his strong edilorial presence, 
we are left with a humor vacuum. For 
those of us who enjoyed the reckless, 
wry and irreverent humor the Yellow 
Pages came 10 represent, we'll miss 
you, Chris. 

On that note, anyone with strong 
edilorial talent, a willingness 10 work 
for next 10 nothing and an ability 10 
deal with flaky production workers-
in excl\ange for fame and immortal-
ity - can easily resurrect the Yellow 
Pages. Contact the director of alter-
native media for details. 

In any case, here's a rough 
roundup of the papers still around 
at UCSD ... 
Altern8tlve VIsIons: 

This publication bas one of the 
most sporadic circulations. Usually 
printed once a year, it sports themes 
of gay tolerance, lesbian identity 
and quite a few Joy Luck Club-type 
"Asian woman coming of age" sto-
ries. A smattering of interviews with 
prominent feminist and progressive 
professors rounds out the tabloid. 
TheK.,.: 

One of the longest-running pa-
pers - and most popular, judging 
from the empty racks - on campus 
is the humor rag, the Koala. The 
bent of the Koala's humor skates on 
the tasteless side, occasionally ven-
turing into the outrageous. Each 
paper begins with a page of "Top 

Sometlm .. known 
_the Ne" 
Indicator, this 
Ieft·wlng journal 
pr .... mably adopted 
the MLast" moniker 
In .n att.mpt to 
...... 1 Its Imminent 
cIeml ... Uk •• bad 
ca .. of v.ner .. 1 
dl ••••• , how.ver, 
the IlIfIlcatOl retur. 
with unfailing 
r.plarlty. 
Five" lists, followed by party re-
views, articles about campus life-
or the lack thereof - a menagerie 
of miscellaneous and often hilari-
ous articles and ending with a sec-
tion devoted 10 student-written per-
sonals. Koala personals are easy 10 
place - envelopes to submit mes-

sages are everywhere, from the Un-
dergraduate Library to the Koala's 
front office. With the fall of the Yel-
low Pages, the Koala remains un-
challenged as UCSD's premier hu-
mor paper. 
The Lat Indicator: 

Sometimes known as the New 
Indicator, this left-wing journal pre-
sumably adopted the "Last" moni-
ker in an attempt to signal its immi-
nent demise. Like a bad case of ve-
nereal disease, however, the Indica-
tor returns with unfailing regular-
ity. To be fair, its annual fall publi-
cation, the Disorientation Manua~ 
provides a treasure trove of useful 
information that the campus propa-
ganda machine conveniently ne-
glected 10 tell you - including your 
rights as a student as well as tips on 
how 10 appeal a parking ticket (or 
even a bad grade from an incompe-
tent teaching assistant). 
Momentum: 

Originally started as an Asian-
perspectives paper, MOIJIOItum has 
since evolved into something of a 
muLti-cultural,' "issues of color" pa-
per, replete wtth glossy black-and-
white pages. Easily the most expen-
sive and professipnal altemative pa-
per on campus, it offers extended 
reviews of theater, movies and, in 
its latest issue, an interview with 
screen actor Russell Wong. Distrib-
uted at UCSD and other UCS, Mo-
mefllum taps the talents of a wide 
pool of writers. You can expect 
some excellent writing - and a few 

.-

,.' _ .... 

A 11 E N 1 \ 0 N S 1 U 0 E N 1 S :. 
Macintosh computers 

are now a e. 

(Okay, now go back to whatever you 

~ think )1lUf lii!woold bevztly improYed 1f)OO possessed tim knowledge: 
MacIrbtr oomputers are oow available for less ~ the already affordable 
student prk:es. What~ more, with the AppI( Computer Loan and 9O-Day 

De~ Payment Plant,)OO can take home a Mac'"without havlr111l make 

I _II 51 J 
1\I)f )t<..'.' t )'U UCSD Bookstore 

a single payment for 3 months.Just think, 1f)OO had a computer, )OO'd 
get your homework done fastet Then)OO\1 have penty of time for the 
more Important ~ in life. Anyway, we're sorry III Apple-
disturb you. Macintosh. The power to be your best~ !Il _ 

Computer Center 534-4291 

recipes for spicy chicken wings, 
perhaps - from Momefllum's staff. 
UCSD Review: 

The conservative viewpoint has 
been bereft of an official paper since 
the editors of the California 
Review graduated two years ago. In 
its wake, a small number of UCSD 
College Republicans organized the 
Review, wlUcb, after numerous delays, 
began publication near the end of last 
spring. Having some experience from 
their last publication, the Review's 
staff should regularly produce issues 
with perspectives reflecting the con-
servative element on campus. 
VOl FronterIza: 

What can one say about Voz which 
has not already been printed? For 
those new 10 this campus, I wrote a 
commentary on the Voz last year in 
tbe Guardian, which set off a 
firestorm of angry leUers accusing me 
of wanting to "be white" and of be-
ing a racist sell-out Voz FrotIIerizA, a 
member of the Oticano Press Ass0-
ciation, represents a rather militant 
branch of Chicano politics, contend-
ing that the southwestern states, 
known as "Atzlan" or "Occupied 
Mexico," are the property of Mexico. 

As a voice of Chicano activism, 
Voz issues a great deal of incoher-
ent and incompatible demands: 
union jobs for· all, affordable hous-
ing, expanded affirmative action 
and independence and autonomy 
from the very u_s. government from 
which these favors are demanded. 

See MEDIA, Pale 8 

CeIer ." .... ..,. MOO 
'IIII'ICc: _ I, I'IW 

",. .... _CIIIJI ...... 



6 OPINION 

MEDIA: 
Voz heads list of 
alternative media 
Continued from .,.,. 5 
Paranoia reigns supreme: The evil, 
white government is accused of ev-
erything from poverty to barrio vio-
lence to drugs, which are, in the Voz ' 
words, "placed as a ploy by the gov-
ernment to infiltrate our homes." 

For pointing out these inconsisten-
cies, I was accused by its former edi-
tor of "fueling hostility toward 
Chicanos." This, from a paper featur-
ing such "poems" entitled "Stupid 
American," and "What the Hell Are 
You Looking At, Old White Man 1" 

VOl also threw in a thoroughly re-
volting report on the death of bor-
der-patrol agent Luis Santiago, en-

titled "Death of a Migra Pig," which 
concluded that alllaw-cnforccment 
agents - particularly sell-out 
Chicano agents - should die just 
as Santiago did. 

VOl is a vivid reminder that ha-
tred and racism are by no means ex-
clusive to white-supremacist 
groups, and it serves as a sobering 
road map to our distance from a 
color-blind society. If all the sobri-
ety that Voz provides becomes too 
overwhelming, it does serve hand-
ily as a humor paper. 

So, check out what UCSD's 
media have to offer. If you cannot 
find a paper which reflects your 
views, our campus offers some of 
the most generous funding of al-
ternative media - and getting · 
your own paper might be easier 
than you think. 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, October 5, 1995 

SPEND THE MONEY WISELY 
EdJtor: 

I have a proposal to make to the 
UC regents, who recently received 
a $20 million donation to the li-
brary. 

. I am a ' visionary. I sec the 
completion of the long-awaited 
third floor of the university li-
brary. An administrative com-
plex could be suspended from 
the arms supporting the sixth 
floor, and built in a ring around 
the base of the library. This 
"Ocatagon" will feature spa-
cious conference rooms, private 
suites for the regents and a mu-
seum which will chronicle the 
lives and times of past regents. 

Construction can begin on the 

Readers 'Forum 
The Guardian welcomes letters I11III 

commenr.nes from Its reBdeIS. 
Opinion Editor 

9500 Gilman Dr. 0316 
t.. JoII_, CA 92Q93.{)316 

Fa: (619) 534-7891 
.-II: 1U1rd/",,"ebeI.ucld.tIdu 

seventh week of spring quarter, 
starting by moving the entire col-

lection into the Main Gym and 
the Price Center ballrooms. The 
construction site should be en-
closed by a fence with a 5()().foot 
radius, surrounding the base of 
the library. 

Students should only find 
minimal inconvenience traveling 
between Warren Lecture Hall 
and Peterson Hall, by walking 
along Gilman Drive or Voight 
Drive. 

In addition, $5 million dollars 
could be allocated to remove eu-
calyptus trees to build a fiber-
glass diorama depicting the talc 
of our favorite Dr. Seuss char-
acter, The Lorax . . 

TNvorH .... tt 

The UCSD Guardian 

Dexter's not his usual selC. 
You suspect th~ salsa. 

So you call Dr. Nusblatt, your family vet back hOJne. 

The call is cheap. 
(Too bad about the consultation fee.) 

Sign up t()I" . \I~T J'rlft' Reach Sa,ings'" and san' 2.1'\, 
n() matter who, how, when or where 

you t',l1l in l hl' LS. 

Life can be complicated. A1&T True Reach avingsSM is simple. Save 25% on every kind of call on 
your A1&Tphone bill-direct dial, calling card, directory assistance, local toll, cellular, fax and modem -

when you spend just $25 a montlt No other plan gives you all these different ways to sav~· 
Just call 1800TRUE-ATI to s'ign up. Save on every call. That's Your True Choice.SM 

ATilT 
Your True Choice 

7 



8 OPINION 

DRIVE: 
Drifters put blame 
on the rest of us 
ContInued from ..... 4 
docs - a whole 12 seconds earlier 
than if they had waited their tum. 
Even worse, they get mad at the 
driver whose tum it actually is, curs-
ing and honking as if they were the 
only ones going anywhere. 

But my car becomes invisible 
elsewhere, too. I' ll be driving on the 
freeway at about 65 mph, when a 
crazed lunatic moves in behind me 
at 80 mph, slamming on his brakes 
it the last minute when he realizes 

that I am not going to move just for 
him. Never mind that I'm in tbe 
third lane, or tbat the lanes on ei-
ther side of me ue completely open. 
He'll just sit there in his lowered 
truck, waiting for me to move. 

Some are more stubborn than 
others - or perhaps more ignorant 
- and will wait nearly to minutes 
before finally merging around me. 
As tbey pass by, I can feel tbeir an-
gry glare at the silly kid doing a 
measly 65 mph. 
..... loIut1on 

But these problems are easily 
remediable. We need tougher driv-
ing tests and mandatory retests. We 
need to seriously revise our driving 

The UCSD Guardian 

exam, which qualifies 70 percent as 
a passing score. This means there 
ue actually-people on the road who 
got 30 percent of their test wrong. 
This is simply not safe. 

I, for one, can vouch that I was 
not a good driver upon receiving 
my license. I had no control of the 

. vehicle, only a minimal grasp of 
road rules ~ I know even fewer 
now - and no idea bow to ob-
serve common driving courtesy. I 
had to learn all this through trial 
and error. 

During my first few years on the 
road, I was one of the other drivers. 
People were writIng scathing com-
mentaries about my driving. But I 

deserved the criticism, just as all tbe 
others currently out there do. 

Still, these problems extend well 
beyond the initial driving test. Just 
because a 16-year-old kid scores a 
73 percent doesn't mean that he will 
be a safe dover at age 30. Actually, 
he'll probably wind up being one of 
the worst. 

People's skills and knowledge of 
the laws can deteriorate over time. 
Elderly drivers are testimony. I 
doubt that the driving tests in 1956 
were the same as, the ones today, and 
I seriously doubt that the style of 
driving hasn ' t changed since then. 
But, I do know that my grandmother 
was not fit to drive at age 70. Yet 

there she was, cruising around the 
streets of San Francisco, endanger-
ing the lives of others, as well as 
her own. 

Japan can serve ,as a good 
model for our new driving re-
quirements. Not only is the legal 
driving age 18, but it requires a 
six-month, in-depth training 
course for all prospective drivers. 
Japan's streets look chaotic, but its 
accident rate is microscopic, stem-
ming directly from its efficient 
driving schools. Our roads can be 
equally safe. But to rid the high-
ways of drifters and rollers, we 
need to revamp our driving re-
quirements. 

All the cool people are writing letters to the Guardian. Write now. 
" - ~ 

,/' , '-" -~,~~ ..... ~-' ~~.~"""I"-r "'--""I--
. ;:--. • ~ "-_11 J. __ M /I .UII;:, 

lou'te sweated to ~et good ~rades for years, 
~o w~a( ~ave JOU done for t~e l~lT lately1 

The LSAT is a 3.5 hour exam used to test "performance under pressure" (i.e., in court!). 
Your LSAT score is even more important than your GPA at many law schools! 
With a GPA anywhere from 2.8 - 4.0, top LSAT scores are a passport to top schools. A 
Are you up to the chal1enge? What have you done 80 far to prepare for this test? .I " 

Come to One of Our LSAT Test Drives! PROFESSIONAL 
OPTION t: THUR., SEP. 28TH, 5-9PM, OR < L SAT> 
OPTION 2: THUR., OCT. t2TH, 5-9PM. 
L_ J_ VILLAGE PROF. eTR., :11131 (BEHIND I:LTORITO) 

PREPCOURSr ~ It's FREE, and takes only, hours. II No salH pitch-just score and take an official LSAT with us. 
./ After, you'll know just how much prep you need to do for your top schools. V 
.. Cal1 45~1000 to reserve a spot, if you can make the time. See you there! 
1f.S: Our super-jntensive prep course for the Dec. 2nd LSAT begins Oct. 21sL 

Come check us out-NOW is the perfect time to .tart preparing to ace this tHt! 

RIh Alpha 
Co ed - Pre-Law 

Fr.aternity Int. UCSD 

RALLY: discuss his position on affirmative 
action, as did Regents Ralph Carmona 

ContInued from pq. 1 • and Ward Connerly - the African-
more than 30 minutes, before storm- American board member opposed to 
ing into the ninth-floor corridor of preferential policies. 
Davies' law firm, AI Ie rr, Matkins, However, the students who had 
Leek, Gamble lind Mallory. met with Davies said he "arrived late 

The students ' rally outside the and left early, giving us only around 
building, thesingingvigil held infront 15 minutes to talk." 
of his office doors and the students' "When we tried to speak to Davies, 
list of demands all fa iled to elicit a he didn't seem to care about our per-
response from Davies. sonal concerns or issues," Field said. 

After complaints from other ten- "This active protest is the only way 
ants and orders from the police to we can voice our concerns to him." 
disperse, the students moved outside, Davies, appointed to the Board of 
continuing to protest in fronl of the Regents by Gov. Pete Wilson, is tar-
building's main entrance. geted in No Retreat! literature as hav-

Several students attending the rally ing acted on "political motivation" by 
expressed disappointment with opposing affirmative-action-policies. 
Davies' level of interaction. Davies and Wilson were room-

"It really upset me t"'t we couldn 't mates at the UC Berkeley Boall Hall 
even get in to talk to Regent Davies School of Law, according to No Re-
and present our demands," said trealf , and Davies has contributed 
MarshalljuniorlngridBenedict,aNo $17,700 to Wilson's political cam-
Retreat! member. paigns. 

Other protesters agreed that Davies "If students were made aware of 
was nol interested in hearing the stu- how minimal the criteria for being 
dents' arguments. appointed to the Board of Regents is, 

"[He] did everything he could to by Davies'qualifJC8tions, there would 
shut us oul and prevent access - he be more opposition," Benedict said. 
called security and had the elevators "As a regent, he has the authority to 
shut down," said MarshalljuniorCoI- raise our fees and control so many 
lcen Sabatini. olher things, yel he won 'tlisten to us." 

Davies met briefly with a smaller Davies was not available for com-
group of students earlier this year to ment 

FIBER: 
Continued from ~. 1 
Reserves and the UCSD Bike Shop. 

Representatives of the Price Cen-
ter have also exp~ interest in the 
project. 

Because the infrastructure is al-
ready paid for and completed, install-

iog the fiber-optic cable is not a tech-
nically difficult operation. Pulling the 
cable from the Student Center to the 
CUB could takefewerthan three days. 

While fiber is normally purchased 
by the mile, only 2,000 feet is needed 
to connect the Student Center to the 
CUB, which supplies power to the 
fiber-optic ring around campus. 

SIUDY 
ABROAD 

Semester, $1IIIIIIII' 
and Vear PropnI 

Ecuador • Spain 
En~and • France 
Canada • Mexico 

Qlsta Rica • Italy 

Call for 
SENSITIVE, AFFORDABLE 

dental care 
LA JOLLA VILLAGE DENTAL OFFICE 

James E. Sanford, D.D.S. 
General , Preventative, and Cosmetic Services 

RtlllXtd,[rielld(. nr,.osplxrr • . lftmiKr A-DA, CDA, SIX DS 

LA JOLLA VILLAGE PROFESSIONAL <:ENnll 
8950 VILLA LA JOLLA DR., SUITE 2103 
T'I Flu" jUlt bthind tht Eltphn" , Bnr 

558·3490 
Eveni~ & SII ,ur;ny 

AlP'i"nnrnl1 Avaiu,bit 

UC:SD IS RECRUITING 

VVOIv\EN 
WITH LONG MENSTRUAL CYCLES 

Ages 18-35 for . $ 
lAID.participalion 

in night light 
research 

(Not long duration 
of bleeding, but a 
lot of days between 
periods) 

If Y.:0U are Inte .... ted, plea •• 
call Kathy Rex. at 5~4.~555 

The UCSD Guardian NEWS 9 

H.-II 
London 
P.,ls 
CoiUI Ria 
Tokyo 
Sao Paulo 
Bangkok 

Ooop by for. FlEE SludentT .... magllnl!. \ 

Council Travel 
Your On-Campus Travet Experts 

In the UCSD Price Center 
(Across from the Bookstore) 

452-0630 
Hotn M+ 9-5. W'1<r5 and $'1<r2 

EURAILPASSES 

Find it/Sell it 
In the Guardian 

Classified. 
Just flll out a form upstairs 

In the Student Center 

Part-time academic year (15+ hr/wk), part- to full-time summer, 
secretarial position available. Approximately $8/tu. 
Job In Its b.slc form Includes the following: typing 35 wpm 
minimum; filing skills; telephone skills, including contacting vendors 
and ordering supplies; key entry on Macintosh and Unix computers; 
email; sort and screen mail. 

Additional .klll • ..-qulred: ability to prioritize wol1doad; ability to 
make order out of chaos; high level of accuracy; ability to work 
independently; enthusiasm and initiative. 

Prefer student who will be at UCSD for at least 3 years . 

Stop by 3050 Urey Hall Addition for an application packet or contact 
Bonnie Bishop Stark (bstark@ucsd.edu) or Terrie Nichols Mahoney 
(bnahoney@ucsd.edu). Phone: 619/534-2572 or fax 619/534-7654. 
In return for your efforts, if you are hired, we promise to provide an 
active, stimulating, friendly work environment. It is our goal to do 
fantastic research and education in science while maintaining an 
atmosphere where fun can still survive. 
c.r-. _ c-, "-'- EntplO ..... " .-,~ 

The Japan Exchange and Teaching Program 1996 
Teach English in junior and senior high schools in Japan 

Learn about Japanese culture and people 
Gain international experience 

Requirements 
• Have an excellent cornmalli of the English lanpge 
• Obtain a bachelor's degree by June 30, 1& 
• Be a U,s. citizen -
• Be willing to relocate to Japan for me year 

.~ .. 

, APPlications are now available for program beginning August 1996. For more infonnation, contact The Consulate 
General of Japan, Caifomia Plaza II, Suite 1700, 350 South Grand Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, 90071, (213) 617-6700, or 
call1-BOO-lhfO-JET (1-8QO-.463-6538). 

;!J r. ,. ;' .. __ ~_ ~r__ _ ...... _-....., ___ ~.I' .-__ .... ~ PROFESSIONAL 
. . II !J r- il ___ II "jllill.~ 

<LSAT> Our tonrse Pbiloso~hJ Begins with One Wort. 
PREP COUBSr 

More Meetings an~ Tests 
Oulll total houn are spread om 50% mort meetinp 

(1lJml~ than the next dosest competitor. 110re 
and shorter meetings means less burnout and more 
total effort on ypur part- sue;. more. You think 
. aboul this material before. during, and after (with 
homework) dass. You take (& take apart) !m!lLSATs. 

More toncise, tlearer Materials 
Because our dmlopment ~tandards are so high. our 
study materials are duner, de am, more instructive, 
and mort efficient with your time. We challenge you 
to check out all the cOft!pttiton' material first hand 
befort taking a course. Would you ~ studying it? 

Our Dec. 2 LSAT Course starts Oct. 21, 
For a Brochure: (619) 455-1000 or 

IOO-HYP£RLEARNING 

"V 
More for Your Money 
Why go with a course that isn't committed to WI1W11 
impro"ment and cU$lomer service~ We add new 
futum to every course we run. Founded by students 
and dediated to them, we set the standard. 

More SUP~OI1 
Besides office hours and performance consultations, we 
have an ap~icatioos resource center, and offer help 
with school selection, internships, and target score 
setting. We haye a free repeal and a retake cuaranttt. 

More Serious 
We know you WilDt to get into a top school, so you 
netd a great score on a ¥try toup test The way to 
beat the lSAT is unlllentjnc attad!. led by top 
ilSlrUCton in a count that won't waste your time. 

-

. .. 
, , ! • 
.t .. .. 



10 The UCSD Guardian Thursday, October 5,1995 

WASHINGTON,. DC 
\ 'USt re~O Qont J 
~ 'oout \t, . \ 

· ~nGe \t. e~?er\v 
DC INTERNSHIP FORUM 

Sponsored by the Academic Internship Program 

FRIDAY OCTOBER 6TH 
2:30-4 P.M., CAREER SERVICES CENTER 

,.: \I:' \ j \ I H '11 j (,1: 1 III I I 01: 'II I I: " I I J:" 'd III'! 
The Academic Internship Office is accepting applications for 

THE UC PREsIDENT'S WASHINGTON, DC SmOLARSIDP 
1IIin_ ... 3.0, eiipJility for fittaneilll aid cuul 78 uniu reqllired '0 apply 

ApPUCATION DEADLINE: OcroBm 24 . 
AlP is located in Room 3255, Literature Building 

APPLY Ocr. 2-Nov. 17 FOR 
• Winter Quarter Local Internships -
• Spring Quarter D.C. Internships 

HOURS: 81~0-12130, 1:00-4:00 (el_ WedDe.day. all pm) 

Is that 
your 
name 
in the 
credits? 

Make a difference! 
Intern at UCSD-TV 

Students needed for: 
Production 
Post Production 
Administration 
Marketing 
Story Research 
Photography 

call 534-3535 
No experience necessary 

. .. . . " '" . . 

ad Your feet. 

FIND 
...... _ca 

Tkbts 
Can 
BIbs 
Deals 

Rntals 
SIereeI 

Sarlboanb 
.btoRepalr 

Sales 
Jobs 

c..plden 
ud I80re ill 

........ El 
upstairs in the 
Student Center, 

above the 
General Store. 

They've been really supportive, and if you wanna 
, do the right thing for 'em, put 'em In a pair of man 1 a Blrkenstocks. And maybe go to Alexander's 

Electrolysis If you like the bare look. 

The next 

is December 2 
If you're thinking about taking an 

LSAT prep course, then you should ask 
yourself (and them) these six questions: 
o WillI get enough personal attention? 

At The Edge, you get free, imIimited, one-on-one.extra tutoring, 
with your instructor, at virtually anytime . 

• WillI be stuck in a huge class? 
At The Edge, you never will. Our maximum class size is 12. 

• What are the Dractice materials like? 
At The Edge, every aV811able LSAT-17 for the fall course-is 
yours to keep. You never have to go to any labs or libraries to 
gain access to your materials. And all your practice questions are 
100% real LSA T. We never use "simulated" practice materials. e Do I have to listen to tapes? At the Edge, 
the answer is No. All instruction is live, and any questions you 
have about any LSA T material can be addressed by your 
instructor during one-on-one tutoring. 

" What if my score doesn't improve? 
It's simple: At The Edge, if your score does not improve by at 
least 5 points, we will refund your course cost. All of it. * o How much is this ~oing to cost.me? 
Our 7-week LSAT courses cost 1"595. And, for a limited time, 
you get $100 off your course cost for every friend you sign up. * 

It's what we give you. 

292-0100 
·Some restrictions apply. Call for details. 

.. 

UCSD GUARDIAN ARTI a ENTERTAINMINT 0 C TO B E R 5,1995 

BOWIE CHANGES 
FOR THE WORSE 

see page H15 

Nicole Kidman Driles Gus Van 
Sant's Satirical TI Bie IIr 

By Jeff N .... I 
Hiatus Editor 

I n the film TruJh or Dare, actor Warren Beatty criticizes his one-time lover Madonna because she only finds heractions meaningful if they are recorded on video. The same could be said for Suzanne Slone (Nicole Kidman), a television 
weather reporter who tells a high-school student she 
isn't anybody in America ifshe's not on lV, saying 
"what's the poinl of doing anything worthwhile if 
nobody's watching." 

marriage of SuzaMe 10 Larry MaretlO (Matt Dillon), 
a bartender at his father 's restaurant in a New Hamp-
shire town. Larry, a good-looking guy who bangs 
drums for a local rock band, falls in love with Suzanne 
one night after a gig. Although his sister, Janice 
Maretto (lUeana Douglas), tries 10 direct his interests 
elsewhere, Larry's mind is made up, and he soon 
weds Suzanne. Larry continues 10 work at the bar but 
supports his wife's ambitions 10 become a famous lV 
anchorwoman. 

Suzanne is the centerpiece of dus Van Sant's (My 
Own PriVQleldaho,DrugsloreCowboy) new film, To 
Die For, a black comedy which explores the way 
American culture is filtered through the mass media. 

To Die For recounts the romance and ultimate 

Suzanne discovers that her path 10 success is not as 
smooth as she had anticipated. She gets a job at the 
local cable station IS a weather reporter and errand 

See DIE, page H14 Courtesy 01 Keny HIyH 
Who m.?: Suzanne (Nicole Kidman) plays a seemi~1y innocent 
weather reporter in Gus Van Sant's latest film, To Die For. 

Winona Ryder His Roll of Confusld 
College Grad in AllrilJB ,,;It 

By D ... OUda 
GU8rr1i811 Reporter 

O ircctor Jocelyn Moorhouse's film, How To Maire An American Quill, is surprisingly touching and entertaining. The female char-acters in Quilt narrate stories which explain 
thenatureofhuman love-from a woman 's 

perspective. 
ukeMuriel's Wedding(which Moorhouse pro-

duced), Quill shows that side-splitting action and 
lowbrow' humor are not the only elements that 
make a film worthwhile. Quill, based on a script 
adapted from novelist Whitney Otto's graduate 
thesis project at UC Irvine, has its light moments, 
but the humor is genuine and believable. 

Quilt is crafted much like an actual quilt as Finn 
. (Winona Ryder) takes viewers through a patch-

work of stories that span over 130 years. The main 
story, which unites the variouS tales, takes place 
during the present, IS Finn-a graduate student at 
Berkeley - visits the home of her grandmother, 
Hy (Ellen Burstyn) and great aunt, Glady Joe 

.(Anne Bancroft) in Grasse, California. FiM hopes 
10 complete her third attemptata thesis, this one on 
the rituals of women's handiwork in tribal cul-
tures. The house also serves as a place of contem-
plation for Finn, who needs the summer 10 consider 
a marriage proposal from her boyfriend, Sam 
(Dermot Mulroney). 

Traditionally the hub of a qUilting group (the 
Grasse Quilting Bee), the house represents gather-
ing place. The group's latest piece is 10 be Finn's 
wedding quilt, with each individual piece of the 
quilt telling a story about the meaning of love. Finn 

. Ieams about relatiomhips and love from women 
• In the ~ of ~I fi~1) (~i~na Ryder) e~s ~o her &r~'Yl9~~r' s • . . w!'<? hayee.~pcrienoes as diverse and broad IS the 
'hotne to conSRl&( a mirt'l~e ","oposal 'in HOW to Mal<e ah AmeHt tln Qu1lt. • p8fclIwdrl of the quitton which they are working. 

Finn's extended family make up the member-
ship of the Grasse Quilting Bee. Not surprisiogly, 
they are a colorful ensemble of remarkable women 
(Maya Angelou, Kate Nelligan, Jean Simmons, 
Lois Smith and AIfre Woodard). FiM gradually 
learns about love, as the quiltmakers reveaIlO her 
tales of heartbreak, betrayal and joy. Each story 
stands well on its own, convincing its audiences 10 
care about the individual cbaracters. 

Ryder portrays the role of Finn in a thoroughly 
convincing manner, due in part 10 her self-pro-
fessed connection with the character as a confused 
individual. While it cannot be said that this is the 
first time Ryder has played this type of role, she stiD 
gives a strong performance. Other standout perfor-
mances include: Smith IS Sophia, a woman left 
bitter by a failed marriage and stifled opportuni-
ties; and Maya Angelou, renowned poet, writer 
and teacher,as Anna, the masterquilterandfounder 
of the Grasse Quilting Bee. The roles played by 
Burstyn and Bancroft as the rival ,isteB Hy and 
Glady Joe add a humorous element 10 the film. 

Although it was Moorhouse's intent that the 
male characters in this refreshingly female-fo-
aIScd film be portrayed with equal importance, she 
fell a bit short in her attempt. While the major male 
characters in the story are essential, nearly all of 
them were written somewhat thinly, despite their 
charm. Mulroney's performanCe as Finn's boy-
friend, Sam, was suspiciously similar 10 his perfor-
mance as lP. in PoinIof No Rtllun. He was, for the 
most part, relegated to a minor character role, 
despite his relevance 10 the main story line. Jonathan 
Schaech plays the role of (eon, a local romantic 
who serves as a tempting distraction from FiM's 
thesis work and engagement dilemma. Leon, like 

See QUI~T, page H14 ' 



._. .- - ---'--

HIATUS 12 The UCSD Guardian Thursday, October 5, 1995 

Soul Coughing Mixes 
Musical Styles with Ease 

Band played energetic set at 
Green Circle Bar on Sunday 

By Jeff NI .... 
Hiatus Editor 

When the New York band Soul OJughing 
opened for Jeff Buckley last April at SDSU's 
Backdoor theater, its manic performance made 
Buckley look like a mild-mannered choirboy in 
comparison. Now, Soul OJughing is headlining 
its own shows. 

While its performance Sunday 
night at the Green Circle Bar down-
town was not as invigorating as its 
previous appearance, it still showed 
the band's mix of disparate musical 
styles makes for an engaging live 
performance. 

In some ways, Soul OJughing 
sounds like a jazz trio. The rhythm 
section (upright bassist Sebastian 
Steinberg and drummer Yuval 
Gabay) plays restrained, groovy 
beats. Add M. Doughty'S guitar-playing and 
stuttered vocals and keyboardist Mark De Gli 
Antoni 's sampled beats, and you have a fusion 
of hip-hop, funk and jazz. 

Doughty'S frantic movements and his jokes 
about MTV's neglect of his band in favor of 
Alanis Morrisette and rapperSkee 1.0 made him 
an engaging frontman. 

Playing almost all of the songs from its debut 
Ruby Vroom during its 2O-song set, Soul OJugh-
ingalso showcased some new material. The best 

tracks, however, were two songs from Ruby 
Vroom. "Screenwriter's Blues," a song about 
trying to make it in Hollywood, and "Bus to 
Beelzebub" highlighted the show. Played to-
ward the end of the one-and-a-haJf hour set, 
these songs stood out because the band was 
willing to let chaos lake over. The rest of the 
show seemed a bit too controlled. 

attention. 

Opening acts Low andCibo Mallo 
both attempted to use their music to 
create ambiance. Low's quiet melo-
dies were eclipsed, however, by the 
conversations held by audience mem-
bers during the ~ormance. 

Opening with a cover of Joy 
Division 's"Transmission" (found on 
the recent tribute a1bum,A Means 10 
an End), the Minneapolis-based band 
provided pleasant background mu-
sic, but it seldom gained the crowd's 

Unlike Low, Cibo Milito didn't just contrib-
ute to the atmosphere at the bar. Instead, the 
Japanese-born duo reflected an interesting mix-
ture of cultures in its music. 

The two female band members, who Dow 
live in New York, took the band 's name from an 
Italian saying which means "crazy food. .. They 
also performed a low-key cover of 
Soundgarden's hard-rock song "Black-Hole 
Sun." 

SUNDAY NOVEMBER 5 8:00PM 
RIMAC ARENA - UCSD CAMPUS 

Students $17.00 , Public $25 . 001 I Tower Aeeorde • Wherehou ... IIoctdlul'. r Mu.k: • Ritma Letino 
• CHARGE IV PHONE.,. 220· TillS 

Slud.nl Tlcketl 0.. Slle Now I nd 1.llIlbll II UCSO Prici Cenler 80x OHIC. ONLY wllh SlucHnl 1.0 .1 

Produced by Bill Sliva Pre •• nts in .. , oelatlon with UEO/ASUCSD 

Heidi Muzhikl «;Ulldiln 
GIve ......... : Sillier M. Doughty gets into the groove at the Green Circle Bar on Sunday. 

It's A 
Free For All. 

Well, Almost. 
(First Time Players, Only.) 

ULTRAZONE-san DIego's most InnOYllive, stllt8-of-the4rt ..... tag geme has 
arrived. Enter the ZONE, I subtlrnl_ city from the far future, n experience 

unbelievable lCowtlcs, mind-blowing special effects, and '-t1Jumping competition. 
" you've never emar.d the ZONE, now'. yow chance to check it out. FIrst-dme pIIIyws 

bring "'Ia coupon to ULTRAZONE lind play 0111 gIImI abeoIutIfy freel 

r.---------------------------, 
: "'1 . FREE GAME 
I 
I 
I 
I 

THArs RIGHT."" COUPON IS 0000 FOR 
ONE FREE GAME. 

JUST PRESENT rrTOTHE CASHIER 
BEFORE QI PLAY. 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

I ""*".,.. ~ 0fLY. ONI CQIION NIl NMON. I COI.aN IDPINI; IWiVil DII ..... MITHOfIZA1IOM: UCIO ~---------------------------~ ULTRAZONE -THE ULTIMATE LASER ADVENTURE 
OIM,howI aqu.. 31. 8portI ANne BIwd., BuIlt 21 .... DItgo, CA. Phone: 221~OO 

Thunday, Oc:tobet S, 1 C)95 

Munkafust Finds a 
College Crowd 

Band from Santa Barbara .will 
play at Cosmic Carnival 

By Jeff Nlesel 
Hiatus Editor 

When "Extra, "the NBC entertain-
ment news program, did a profile on 
the rock band Munkafust, it mistak-
enly called the group the best college 
band in the country. Actually, a 1994 
readers' poll in a local independent 
newspaper voted Munkafust the best 
local band in Santa Barbara. 

But given the band 's consistent 
recordingand touringschedule, it may 
well become one of the 
most popular bands 
around college campuses. 

The group, which has 
released two albums on 
its own label, performs 
with . Otis Day and the 
Knights at the Cosmic 
Music Carnival at the 
Price Center Plaza at 7 
p.m. tomorrow. 

Munkafust was 
formed in 1993 by singer-guitarist 
Evan Brau and guitarist Rob Colby, 
dorm mates at UC-Santa Barbara. 
OJlby has since left the band, which, 
in addition to Brau, includes drum-
mer Stephen Gelfand and bassist 
Kristyan Ransonnet. 

Although Brau first formed 
Munkafust when he was in col-
lege, his aspirations began much 
earlier. He first decided he wanted 
to play guitar when he was in jun-
ior high. 

". guess I was about 12 years old 

and I came home from school after 
meeting a kid who wanted to play in a 
band," Brau saidduringa phone inter-
view. 

"This guy named Larry Little gave 
me lessons for about two years," he 
continued. "He turned out to be a 
well-known instructor, and he now 
has his own video instruction tapes. 
He was talking about how he was 
going to be huge, but I didn 't believe 
him at the time." 

Inspired by blues 
records he received from 
a former teacher, Brau 
began to seriously pur-
sue his aspirations to be 
in a band. Munkafust has 
sold out venues based al-
most solely on word of 
mouth, because it 
recieves little commercial 
airplay. 

The ' trio has opened 
for the Samples, a band which also 
promotes a do-it-yourselfapproachto 
selling albums. Brau said the band 
was writing songs for a third album 
and hunting for a major-label record 
deal but would only sign a contract on 
its own tenns. 

As part of the Cosmic Music Car-
nival, Munkafust, Otis Day and the 
Knights, Da Five Footer Crew and OJ 
Q-Bert will perform tomorrow at 7 
p.m.althe Price Center Plaza. Admis-
sion is free. For more information, 
ca11534-5259. 

The UCSD Guardian HlA1US 13 

mixed with Wild Spirit Is a great 
drink for you and your date to enjoy 
before the Harry Connick 
concert. .. and maybe after, go for a 
nightcap at La Jolla Brewing Co. 

, 

::" 



HIATUS 14 

Every Salurdlly 
Special $4.00 Admission 

For Midnight Shows Only· 
8879 Villa La Jolla Drive, La Jol/a 

(619) 220-6469 

10/" "'A~~ HAS MAllEij 
, 'S ·.IATCH . 
-li>RRISON 
:;JRO 
II .. .;;;;: 
1flilf/fe1f -
o !!i 

IWlI 

10/7 Only 
FREE Mov~ Memorabilia: 

Hats, T-Shirts, Mugs 
with a SlUICk Bar Pu~ of 

$10.00 or More 
WIaik SMppIies lMJ 

11/" 

11111 "" ____ ",-It. 

DUSTIN 
H~ 

...JON fn1 
'I'OICHf ~ 

Watch For More 
Exciting Midnight Movie 
Classics Coming Soon! 

'FealUre5 ate Subject 10 Change 

The UCSD Guardian 

The early pioneers 
of America enjoyed 
a special recipe of 
strong spirits, natural 
wild herbs and a touch 
of fire-brewed cocoa. 
Here is that drink of the 
frontier. 

Better than a Screwdriver! Enjoy a Wild O.J. 
Lots of ice • 1 oz. Wild Spirit • 4 ozs. Orange Juice 

,..,..,.. -,..,.. - -,..,..,..,..,..,..,..,.. -,..,.. ,..,..,..,..,..,.. --,..,..,..,..,..,..,..,.. -,..,.. - -,.. -,..,.. -,..,..,..,..,..,..,..,.. -,..,..,..,.. - -,..,..,.. -,..,..,..,..,.. - -,.. - - - -,..,..,.. ... 

All alhulIls on sale at 
RECC>RDS 

4J4 N. HiGtft,IAY 101 . ENCINITAS CA 02024 • 75;)·1;)62 

'l'hunday, October S, 1995 

QUILT: Grasse 
Quilting Bee teaches 
Finn a lesson 
Continued from pac. H11 
so many ofthe other male characters 
in this film, was shallow, and basi-
cally bereft of any real complexity. 

Even Dean (portrayed by Derrick 
O'Connor, and Tim Guinee as young 
Dean), Em's unfaithful artist husband, 
fell short of being a fulfilling charac-
ter, although his philandering antics 
throughout the film had entertainment 
value. 

Perhaps the most interesting male 
character is Winston, the enigmatic 
Parisian poet (Mykelti Williamson, 
Bubba from Forrest Gump). He was 
unfortunately included in the shortest 
tale of the film, relegating his role to 
a very minor one. 

But despite the lack of depth in the 
male characters, the movie expresses 
overall depth. A somewhat slow start 
turned into an engrossi ng story line, in 
which each tale seamlessly flowed 
into the next, maintaining a smooth 
momentum, capable of holding an 
audience's attention all the way to the 
denouement and the happy conclu-
sion. 

At 109 minutes, the film was nei-
ther too short, nor stretched out - a 
syndrome from which many current 
films suffer. 

How 10 Make An American Quilt 
opens tomorrow at theaters through-
out San Diego. 

DIE: Buck 
Henry's script adds a 
feminine twist 
Continued from .,... H11 
runner. On the side, she films a docu-
mentary about teens and their pr0b-
lems, befriending high-school students 
Jimmy (Joaquin Phoenix), Russell 
(Casey Affleck) and Lydia (Alison 
Folland). As Suzanne notices Larry 
becoming less and less convinced of 
her eventual sua:ess, she seeks ap-
proval from the gullible teens. 

When she starts sleeping with 
Jimmy, an inarticulate outcast, it be-
comes easy for her to convince him to 
shoot and kill Larry, who begins to 
pester her about raising a family. The 
tragic death of her husband sends the 
community into an uproar, giving 
Suzanne her sought-after time in the 
media spotlight. 

In some ways, To Die For, written 
by Buck Henry (The Graduate), is 
another twist on the "femme fatale" 
theme. Even though Suzanne doesn ' t 
commit the act of violence, she insti-
gates it by manipulating Jimmy with 
hersexuality. There's an underhanded 
misogyny at play, as the film adheres 
to stereotypes linking sexually pro-
miscuous women with violence. 

Like NaturalBorn Killers, ToDie 
For relates a mixed message. On the 
one hand, Suzanne is a victim of the 
culture in which she lives. Family 
videotapes reveal that, from In early 
age, she was encouraged to smile for 
cameras, putting on artifICially happy 
faces. Suzanne's character, however, 
has little depth. Kidman never flinches 
in her portrayal of the superficial, 
pastel-loving, blonde anchorwoman. 

Yet, to say that someone could be 
so "cold" (as Larry's sister, Janice, 
describes Suzanne), suggests .that hu-
mans have no control over what they 
become. The retelling of the story, 
which includes flux-documehtary 
footage from after-tho-fad appear-
IIKICS by family members on a TV 
IalIt show, is the film '5 strong point 

To Die For opens tomorrow at 
theaters throughout San Diego. 

Thursday, October S, 1995 The UCSD Guardian 

~ Bo I ' . ith od B ' E Courtesy 01 fflnk Ochenfetl 
_.,: we s reunIOn w pr ucer nan no on Outside Is a disappointment. 

David Bowie 
Outside 
VIr&In Records 

David Bowie' s Hall of Fame contribution to 
pop musiccouldonJy be undone by David Bowie 
himself. His latest album, Outside, is an over-
wrought jumble of every conceivable instru-
ment and production gimmick that Bowie-and 
early producer Brian Eno - could muster. 

Gone is the beautiful sound that Bowie pio-
neered with "Space Oddity" and other late 60's 
and early 70's classics. 

Such pretentiously titled songs as "The 
Heart's Filthy Lesson" and "The Voyeur of 
Utter Destruction (As Beauty)" are unintelli-
gible mish-mashes that are literally unlistenable. 
The problems with this album could come from 

Bowie and Eno's misguided vision, or they 
could come from the criteria with which Bowie 
selected the musicians playing on the record. In 
his press release, Bowie says that he selected 
guitarist Reeves Gabriel, who played in Tin 
Machine, based upon his "extraordinary solo 
with a Fender guitar and a nine-inch stainJess-
steel dildo." 

The grating sound of Outside and the deci-
sion to feature Nine Inch Nails as an opening act 
for his current tour illuminate a David Bowie 
who is desperately trying to get a foothold in the 
'90s ... and is sadly failing. 

-Tony Perez-Giele 

Actors Find Little 
Solace in Purgatory 
Old Globe parody draws upon 

Shakespeare for its wit 
By J.ff Larsen 
Senior Staff Writer 

As !>Iaywright/director Dakin Matthews sees 
it, purgatory migl\&,not be such a bad place after 
all. At least, not a bad place to visit. His newest 
work, "Uncommon Players" - subtitled" A 
Shakespeare Celebration" - is a delightful 
romp through a purgatory designed for actors. 

Ma.tthews' purgatory is inhabited by dead 
actors whose careers haven't merited immedi-
ate admission to either heaven or hell. The rules 
in purgatory, set by the now-deified William 
ShaRSspeare, are simple. First, no one is allowed 
to know why he or she is in purga-
tory in the first place. Second, if 
anyone quotes Shakespeare, some-
one else must provide a quotation 
in response. 

The goal is obviously to get out 
of purgatory and into the celestial 
"third balcony," but no one is quite 
sureofhowtoacoomplishthis. The 
vague idea, as newcomer Sir 
Laurence Olivier is told, is that one 
must clean up "the little sins," such 
as bad acting. Humility comes through a quota 
of SIPTs (self-inflicted purgatorial torments). 
For his part, Olivier soon finds that merely 
uttering "Clash of the Titans" painfully brings 
him to his knees, and that much closer to heaven. 

The only flaw in the play is that, as one of the 
characters herself says, the "jokes in purgatory 
aren't quite up to snuff." Indeed, Matthews' 
witticisms drew a chorus of groans from the 
audience on more than one occasion. For ex-
ample,an incredulous Olivier hears that those in 
hell have money. "What is there to buy in he1l1" 
he cries. The punchline: "Not a damn thing!" 
Such tongue-in~heek humorquickJy grew wea-
risome. 

Fortunately, the play does not take itself too 
seriously. Performed in the Old Globe's Cassius 
Carter Centre Stage, a studio-sized, theater-in-
the-round venue, it is a small and intimate pr0-
duction. The cast is composed entirely offourof 
the Globe's most beloved players: Richard 
Easton, Katherine McGrath, Jonathac McMurty 
(who plays Olivier) and Lillian Garrett-Groag, 
each of whom plays several roles. In "Uncom-
mon Players" - written especially for them-
they come together to revel in their craft, as they 
laugh along with the audience. 

Later in the play, the four of them dance 
madly in and out of various cos-
tumes and roles, as they audition 
for admission to heaven. They 
make the most of a hardly inge-
nious device: "Shakespeare's 
World from A to Z. "It begins with 
"A is for ambition" and an excerpt 
from "Richard III," where the mis-
shapen Richard plans his ascen-
dancy to the crown, progressing 
through 26 letters corresponding 
to 26 Shakespearean scenes. 

Matthews threw in many of Shakespeare's most 
well-known scenes, but also took care to include 
some rarely-performed gems to round out the 
revue. One hasn't many opportunities to see 
Cardinal Wolsey 's banishment from "Henry 
VIII" or the uproariously vulgar banter on vir-
ginity between Helena and Parolles from" All 's 
Well that Ends Well." Here, one sees both 
scenes played marvelously. 

Whether the players pass their audition is a 
moot point: Their purgatory is more delightful 
than many other people's heaven. 

"Uncommon Players" runs through Oct. 14 
at the Old Globe Theatre. For more information, 
call 239-2255. 

• 

JDATUS IS 

Univeraltil Event. pi eMllt. ~ .. 

3.rt~¢·tt~¢:i 
"A vivid reflection 
0/ national color; 
Latin pride and 

10ve 0/ life ~._ .. 
OCTOBER 10 

TUESDAY • &PM 
MANDEVillE AUD. 
G.A. $22 • " .CIT. sao 

STUDINTS I .. 

G.A. ao· SIt.CIT. SI7 
STuO€NTI Sill 

~ .. , brillilllt I,d u".,,,,,.i';II, 
crutivI "ta. · ·1IItII"".." 

NOVEMBER 3 
FRIDAY' 8PM 

SPRECKELS THEATER 
G.A. l3t-41 • STu""',.,. .... 

... ., ... .., 
_If' ",.U .. ..... 

"."" ... _-
..... 

NOVEMBER 5 
SUNDAY· 8PM 

MANDEVILL£ AUD. 
G.A. S18· !R.eIT. StS 

STUDENTS S 1 ~ 

<. 

. ., 



16 aASSlFlEDS The UCSD Guardian 

\ \ '\ •• , \« I 'II' \ I .., 
t . ,..r ' IT: ~ 
gal aIuIII. uan. lV. oIaIIII. ucso IIoobI 
...... 1815 PuIoIIno CRIe. 011 ... (IIW) 
"Dan' w.Ik AIDnII 11' • .., 10 C8II tar • esc 
e-1 . .kill C8II S34-WAU< ~ 5 p.m. nI 
7 a.m. - 7 ~r (1Q/2·ltV3O) 

CLASSIFIEDS 
InInIIId In IIud'jWIg IIIfOId 101 .... year or 
--.r? We 11M progr_ MiIIIIIIe 101 II 
IIIIjcn ~ .• • - .. _ 11 111 . mIIh. bio.) IIId .. CIII 
..... I CIMIIper III IUIy IIbIOId IhIn 10 IUIy 
lin II UCSO. (FuM OOUIM ad ........ ). For 
mor.InIo._lothlganerllInlormllianNllion 
on Thuraday. Oct. 5 flam 7·8 p.m . • , th. 
/nIImIIionII Center. (I Q/2·1 CI!'5l 
WASHINGTON DC 'til. CIlCh fIe ...... yMI 
IdionIIrMm In tllllIIIion'. c:.pIIOI. FInd cu more 
inIo II lie DC InIImIhip Forum. Fri. , CIcI .•• 2:3C). 
4 p.m ...... c. .. s.rva. CtnIIr. Spcnorecl 
by AlP. (IQI2· '~) 

Ckusi/ied advtmising is sold in 20-word increments. TM ra~ per 20 words is 12/or students (for 
persOMllLfe only), 13/or /aculty and staff and $4/or otlters. Payment in advance is required,-
there/ore, ads must be mailed with a cited (made payable to UCSD Guardian) or presented in person. 
Deadlines are 3 p.m. Thursday for Monday's issue, and 3 p.m. Mondfly lor Th~y's issue. TM 
Guardian reserves the righllO refuse any advertising including "." not limited to~hip ads. 
For more in/ormation call 534-5416. Mailing address: UCSD Guardian, Attn: Classifi.eds, 9500 
Gilman Drive, 0316, La Jolla, CA 92093'()316. Actuallocotion: Student Center A, top floor. 

lUll A/phI ~ PIi, the co-td proIIIIionII 
tunM ~ gand 101 ~ ~ (U 
InIl1dCOlllltlllIllUl. .. t.c:a.eM·,. tilrdytoo. 
IItnIII He ..... Unclal011d Intellllllip • . GI.II 
0pp0rUiIy1O IMnaboul LIIIiIoCorlllUlity ..... 
HIIIICl!IIIanIbaqI----prapnllL9ll 
II SIn Ylidro ...... HMIII. .....,arIId by SIn 
OiIgDCcuIIy ..... HIIIh Sll.a..a. ........ 
wort! rtqUHd. Cal AllllIoI inIo. 4211-5581. 
The IJCSO EIIIy CIiIdhood EducIIion CtntIr 
_ the apoIIIOfS/Iip III till Child c.e 
Food Piogr_. M children In .... Mllla will be 
oInd lie ... ,...... II no ~ ... c:lwge 
with no p/lylicll '~I.O"lon 01 or Olh.1 
diIcriIinIIIOn IgIinIII/Iy c:IIiId ..... at 1_, 
oaIoI, nIIIonII origin. age. -. er dIubiIIIy. "The 
Child cer. Food Progr_ II MiIIbII wiIlCU 
c:lwge 10 .. IIIgIbiI fIIIIIcIpInII. " you tJ.--
you 11M lIMn cIIIcrimInIIId IQIInIt INIc:IuH III 
~. cokIr. IIIIIionII 0Iigin . ...... or diNbIIy. 
wriIII imIMcIIIIIIy III AdmIniI1rIlcr, Food nI 
Nulrtlion SeMel. 3101 PIIIIc Center OlIve. 
~ VA 22302.' FOI mora inIo CDI1IIcIthe 
UCSO EaIIy CHIIIood EducIIIon r..m.. Il6OO 
GiInwI DIM (0112). l.I JaIl, CA 82OII3-OIICI2. 
(8111534-27 • . 
FREE HAIR CUT ($45 vllue) 101 IdvMCecI 
trlinlng. Mon. a TUM. _ . Cd for 'llP1. 
o.ingIf SIIon. 454-1000 (Itf1~l1") 

SmII Rllllwllll ,.. UCSO. 1.1 JaIl SIIor •• 
PT. ~ ...... hr.. frIIncIy pl.-IO WIIIk. 
Lv illig. KIvIn maI23. (IQI2"~11) 
1IIbyIiIIII. T ..... Thura. EYw " p.m. 011 MIl 
~. Thr .. girtI .. 11.11,3. Cal SIlly 782· 
em. (1~1W12) 
NOW ~fING RIIII* .... F,. .... PIid 81' ..... 
AIuId 1"_ f'ImI- f'IIoe CtnIIr. (101&) 

Studenl Repl...,II1ive F .. , E .. y Money: 
MaIIvIIIIcI individual neeclldlD heIIII uplUklllng 
projed on CIIIIpUI. (I00)III2·1112 ... 10. (I «W-
lCl'I.) 
RAISE" The CitIIIIr* FundrIiIII II fieri 10 .... 
youl Fill. _Yo no rIIIl or IInniII abIgIIIon-
Gr"*'. groupe. dube.11ICIIIVIIId 1ncIIvIduIII. ell 
now. fIaiM S500 In OI'I/y 0lIl .... (I00)8I2. 
11112 lid. 33. (l«W-lll1S) 
ex..-"I ~, 7. needllftIr·ICftoaI __ , uplD 
101M' cIIyIIWk. PIe.e C8IILynn 758-1145. 
WII1Ied:AcompAIrw/liz MllIIIiIIic ........ 
10 .... prinI nI IfIenoe poecry 101 pubIII:IIion. 
CIII DonnII4511-2571. (IQI2·llIII) 
S1udenI needI uor 101 CSE SA ~). 1·2 
hn/IIIII . WII PlY ..... 01 negoIiIIIIe. 1f inIIfIIIId. 
C8II 554-0048. (ICW·I ClI5) 
FREE TRIPS & CASHI Find cullow llundrldl III 
IIudIntI .. _1liiy ..,.q FREE TRIPS nI 
LOTS Of CASH will AmerIca'. No. I Spring 
erlllk CD/ftIIMVI Sal OI'I/y 15,. nI .......... 
em. c.ncun. ~. MIzIIIn. 01 FlOIIdIII 
CAU. NOW! TAKE ABAEAKSTUOENTTRAVEL 
(100) ~BREAK. (ICW·ICl'I.) 

PART·TIME ~ poeiIIOnI now 
being IIU.dlll Envlronmenlll M.llleting 
CcJrporIllon ..... -0*. hIfIIY IIIOIIvIIId 
IncIvIduIiI wIIo .,. wiling 10 WOIII HARD 101 
GREAT PAY. C11145I-OIII. "'CIr'I) 
FED UP WITH THE CONDITION OF OUR 
ENVIRONMEHT'?1 HIIp 11IIIM. cIIIrence a gal 
pilei dI*'IIl. SIIIkIng open-minded. irMIIgInI a 
.... pIOIIItlO ........ ll(llllWllpoaIIIon. 
C111554-0113. "'CIr'I). 
Two Wxt .. illil flel.Wwlllly ~ er.gon .,. 

He Became a Vegetarian. 

Now it's Available at Buffalo Exchange. 
People are bringing in new treasures every day. "'" 

Come in to find one of your own. .~\,'v 

PACme BEACH, 1007 Gamet Avenue, 27H 227 ~ 
""wnm~! 

• 0 ..... 10• 
The HotteSt Drink 

In Town: .. 
The Pertec:t Blend at 

yogurt & EspreSSO 
n_wwl •• 
I"."" 

8 Collee Too! 
A Very "Cool" Place 
for Non, Pat Yogurt, 

Pat,Pree Goodies 
& Gounnet Coffee 

•••• tlll.' 1851 VIlla .. J.1Ia Dre 
's (I FnJa,'s S., ..... 

HOIIt'S: M-S.. 8 _JJ pm 
SIIII.9_IOpm 

na ........ aanLLI 

---riiiiiil1_. 
I FREE I 75~ OFF I 75~ OFF : 

. (: YOGURT I Any SMOOTHIE : FROZE. or HOT I 
I .., -lalli- I SHAlE or I ESPRESSO I 
I .... 7--. .. I FWRRY I DrI. 1IIIt~ CIM) I 
I _ . I!M1. ....... ., ElIp. l1M11.lIIIhllil" I ~. I""". ""''' I 
L _...... ~ .. -...... ., ....... . 

-- " .. ""'~., .. ,.. ..... ,...~ ...... 'P'-
I' ~'iI /" SA. J~J ' ,j .JI" ." ••• l . 

8II/yIIIIIr needed. WeIll"" 2:31).7:30 p.m. 
0IaII0nII MJ,wknd . ...... IMt 11M own 
~ nI erM children. CIII NIncy 
411·5381 . (W28-ICW) 
Enllin_ NHdIel - SoIIw.I. Engln"1 
knowtedgNbII In C... IdIII CIIIdidIIe 11M 
..... iIIlCI~IoIMa11D111. MIcIon. 
IIVIiIIbIe FT. SIIIry nllIInIIII •• gelWOUI, 
I ...... nI __ MIl ...,.iIIlCI 
IIId 1IHI1ty. Flit I.IM to Emilil PICIIIe. 
(118)4111-41154. 
1Ieoome .. cer*«I ..a inIIrucIOf. a.. 
.... SII,. Oc:t. 21 (I ..... ). CII ""II 281 · 
I •. 

111M money tar UCSO . ...,... + bonuI. COIIIIcI 
UCSO TeIIp/Ione Ou"ec:/I Pfogrllll 535-1433. 
(WI ~ I cr.lO) 
PIfHime cIIIfIc 101 Il0l111 In l.I JoIII VIIIge 
S/Iopping CenIer. Eve. nI wkndI. 455-1 Il00. (W 

1~1~12) 
SUItnI needI IIIIIiIticlil hefp loll_ell PII* 
(lie p!Iid) . 1562·0472. (WI ~ I Cto'S) 
TIM 1br0ild IIId WIIIk - MIIII up 10 125-4~. 
INc/Iing COfMIIIIionaI EngIiIIIIn.lll*1, T"111 
or ScUll KInL NoIeIc/IIng blCltgrouncl required. 
For iI1Io CII: (208)832·11411 . .... J58711. 
AIIIka JobI - FiI/IIng inIIIiwt. En to $3.00C). 
1.,OOO+Jmo. + ben.lll.. Male/Fem.I.. No 
experience _yo (2011)545·4144 . eKt. 
A51711. (WI"'l1/30) 
CNiIII/IIpI Now Hiring - Elfn up 10 '2.000+1 
mo. working on cruiH ./lip. or I",d·loul 
COIIIPIflill. World II""' . SIuonIi IIId FT 

~1IVIiIIbIe. Nooperienc:e~. 
For more inIOfmIIIon C8II 1·208-«M-04IIII, .... 
cae7.1. (111"'''/30) 
II no weekly poIIIliI./IIIiIing ow c:irculM. No 
...,.illa required. BegIn now. Fer Info C8II 
(301)3011-1207. (111 ~ 11/30) 
BIIdi 10 IdIooI jobIl HirIng Now! 5-10 PT jobI 
..nng IICMIl' 10 ~. JobI tIIId on IIrIt 
_.1IrIt IIMId 1lIIiI. 7i3-4473. (WI~ICW) 
WIn COf1IiI1entIy _ Crapel Proven IIIII/IodI FIJI. 
lime proIeIIionII gwnbIer/lullOf IIIIr. HOI .... 
GIl .1InId 101 1liiie moneyt EMMy U11C11r1lOOd 
COf11IIII/1en1ive 1IIIflUIi. ThiI wi c:/IIflge your 
lilt "8.15 + ".00 &Vi. P.O. Box2155. SIIIIIIne, 
,.... 88441. ~18)573-2425. (WI~II/3O) 
Active, culioul b.by nelel •• xptlll.nclel. 
1IIdonIIe. InIerIClive ... 111-20 hrIIwk. 15-
...,.. Downtown SIn !lIego. CII I<my 527· 
077 •. (1Cl'2.tlW) 

. Do you suffer from 
AI'ERala? 

Volunteers are needed for Research Drug Study. 
All testing and study medications are 

FRE.E 
Qualified participants will be paid up to 

$100 for participation 
Call 438-&189 Ask for Research 
WARREN W. PLESKOW, M.D. 

ALLERGY AND ASTHMA TREATMENT AND RESEARCH ASSOCIATES 

1400 Camino de la Reina 
San Diego, CA 92108 

(In Mission Valley) 
Phone (619) 297-5900 
Fax (619) 297-3338 

, Computer Rentals 
(Fully loaded PC & Mac, 17' Screens) 

• Passport Photos 
, laser Prints in 600 & 1800 dpi 

, ReSumes & Newsletters 
, Color Copies 

, Manuals & Presentations 
, SeW Serve & Full Service Copies 

, TransparencieS 

Open ~ Hours/7 Days a Week! 

Bring thiS Ad & Receive a 10°0 Student Discount 

Offer Expires October 31, 1995 

.... MONIDO..y ..... ",.. ..... -
SAllE: _ .. iIIIIoIllllIIo. ,.,. TOIIIIII PIiwy. 
1IuIII11II, HauIIan. TX 17070. !!1~ 1M!) 
SIiII: ......... Roame -*I PIlI ..... · 

8II_prOlllCllionllOOllClPlIO~. e.y 
..... Calli 1111_ + 1IIiduIII. 7W-1II02. 1W1'" 
1C1106) 
CNiklre neecIId 101 ....... IIIppy IkIonfI. 
Old In IffY ..... grid. apI . on C*IIpUI. ElIperiencI. 

~ leqWred. I#NF 11:30 a.m.·12:30 p.m. 
nI poaeIIIe mor . ....... ....... C811 Wnfy457· 
1ie43. (111"" CII06) 
FREE REPORTI How 10 I1IIke money on tile 
ilbiilllllicM aupeitIIgINrIy. CIII 412-1710 (24. 
/Iru --ve) 10 gII~. F,. - . (WI""Cl' 
12) 

1-'01: ~ \1.1-: 
Y.dSlll- FIDIi.IIooIIIIIeMI.ClIIiI.CoudI. 
Small ~ -~ 117 W., 
W-.. fA off III Ave. In HIcnII. (1n/5) 
For SIll: F.-on It 25.00Wlck«endllllill, $20.00 
Nell. White tI1fM.liII book _, 120.00. ,. 
UCIIIInI candIIIon 4511-0734. (1n/5) 
Clptir-. un SlarIO SpIIIkn. 7x4 1/21c4 1/4·. 
Sound grell, 50 Will ~ apeaker. S5O(paII. Sell 
,..101 fMI 1120, 452·1838. MIrt. (ICto'S) 
Mountlin B1k.-GT 111.5 Tange CROMO Frlflll 
Rock S/Iox. Ful STX Componery. MAVIC RIMS. 
SmokWOlrl Til • . 1425 OBO 4511-01112. (I~ 
I(111) 
Now HiIIng 1987 FOld Tempo. 102.000 miIeI , 
property rnIintIined. good condition. Only 11 .700 
negotiIbIe. CIII c.toa • 453-1988 01.22-0515. 

(I~) 
Xl O'Neill aprIng .. lui 150. a.. MLIui WI! 
lui sea, HP 4IG IICienIiIIc: ceIcUIIor 575.1i1dr1c 
guiIIr nI IIIIP 1200. SCUBA dNIng tina seo. 
-.I. 19ineeii lll iIId corr..- textbooU. 5I5C). 
07l1li. (10/5) 
1988 Mlzdl RX7, 5 'P. At, CruiM, AM-FM 
c..- ""10, XInI concIiIion, mull .... S4850 
CIII ~_. (1()I5.1~12) 

ADS 810, h1·nI LOUDSPEAKERS, 1IINIUr. 
24x14xI2. GI •• ' IOUnd •• 'Md. Included . 
0riginIIIy S800 ' ; liking 1300 080. YAMAHA 
DX·7 SYNTH~ER. wit/I .1Ind , originally 
" .!iOO.1Iidng $250. Cal Jeff. __ CIftIIIUI. 2» 
1812 (dIy) 452-0430 (nIghI). (I«W-IlIII) 
0ekJx. WIig/II benc/I. 170-11. wIg/III. "', 
dumbbell.. Imm.culll.1 1125. Qu.llty 
proInaionIIlypftritlfl. Gr_ tar 1IJIIIIcIIIoi • . 
S30. CIiI Fall (534-2714 er 654-4680). (ICW·IM) 
EIegIflI gI.a nI gOid-lrimed vlffIy 1IbIe. s.-
nI miror 1nducIed. Good condIIIon. AIIiIng 130. 
455-l124lI. (10:2·10/8) 
REIoWonic YoutII1iciUI (0lIl) 101 ..... WI lOW. 
cto.IoC*1llr. S50 080.1Mt .... 4511-1700.(1 Cl' 
2·1Cl'12) 
Filion a F_ 1110. FlO ......... ..., 
1120. Can deIIVII . 222-4771.(ICW·ICl'12) 
COMPUTER: 3111. !IOOnIII *lYe nat inIIIIId, 
30mti drive inIIIIId. 0III0r -*Dr. prinIIr. 4mb 
RAM. 4Om/Iz ... modIm.lGII at 1Oftwn. 1M-
..... (I~I~I2I 
1171 MEACEDESEUROIUS4apd. diIIII. rune 
IU needI WIIIk." rIClIipII & doaInIInIIIIon Ind. 
S800 080 452·2087 ~ ICIr'I) 
Or_o.1 MIcInIOIh SE4I2O. H.P. 88OCCoIor 
Prit* wtxr. CIftridgeI. ATaT Fu,\IodIm, SIOO. 
CII C/IriIIop/Ier II 842·01173. (W28-1 Cl'1I) 
Y.d SIll: Futon. ~. C/IIIrI, Couch. 
Smlll ~ - R-.bIeI 117 W.t 
Weinut IA. off III Ave in HIler .... 81110 ' .m.·2 
p.m. (10/5-10(12) 

r.:-------~ 
110% OFF, 
I any Birkenstock shoes I 
L ~~NoI-=id.::.t"'~~-.J 

9S5 GARNET· PACIFIC BEArn 
272·9911) 

flee ...... ion..t 1nidoI-. SZ5 ...... 
""'.at clieNa only W. ilia od. &po 11¥25195. 
IIII I. IYUR ... 

""R LiP 
Uil fUIUS 

lin 
Pllleill 

lIZ WocfI 
/rIIrr4 taD 
Rftuinc, 

IICI 

MI.UU., 
.RU.,. 

FnmII, IIIUR. 

'YIJ . l~~:. lexander's ELECTROLYSIS 
Inl I'LlIlI CT. ml 

u ~ILU C ... UR .ITlI 

Tbund.y.~r5. 1995 

CALCtJlATOfis: CASIO IJIIIhIna ~ Ilk 
(200 bIcIIiona - I11II/I , .... f '711; SHARP 
progl.mm.ble .clenllltc W/lolullon bk . 
(l50+bIc:Iiona. 2 ......... ) t30. OlIO: 452· 
1l1li3. (1m. I IW) 
DElUX WEIGHT BENCH, 170-11 . ........ bill. 
cUnbbIIiI.~II25Quaf1ty~ 
1ypewiIIn. Or_1oI ~I &30 CIII Filii. 
534·2714, 554-OeIO. (l(2l-IClI5) 
For .... Brother WP2200 MInt Cond. hlfdly UIed 
1Idr. rIIbon nllIIIflUIIlnducIed 5130 080 453-
28111 beIwe.t 10 • .m.·10 p.m. (ICW·IClI5) 
'IIINi111fl PuiIIf BIIi:Ii. 5ap, TIOpI, piulmirer. , 
tape cllclrS3500 080. 453-28111 befor. 10 p.m. 
nllII_ 10 a.m . (ICW· ICto'S) 

MIcinIoa/I Perforllla 450 4/120. Modem. Monitor. 
~d. Mouse. OrigInal Softw.enl,..,.., 
S860. MlcintOlh PowerBook Duo 2304/80, S860. 
45H170. (10(2· I~) 
CornpiMr Syat_ lIatucIent priceI. Cal 0iIc0unt 
Comput8I SokJIionI at 55O-157i and _ . Flee 
deIiYwy IIld set·up on campuall l (1 CW· I Cl'S) 
Giant Yukon 18' Mountain Bike (1882) wil/llighl & 
bike campul8f S150. SlructUiai 810. lext - 520. 
Music lA 11Id - 51S. 546-1M6O. (10(2·ICl'S) 
MlcinIOlh piuI with 20MB Hard dlive. Keyboard. 
- . WOld , EJccel, gr.., lor word proceuing 
5195. Printer. HP Inkjet $170. M4-6743. (10/2-
10(5) 
Sa\18 Moneyl PC Mulimedia camput8f w/Sound 
system: superb glaphica (1mb SVGA) - aiIo 
CO/lJuai casaelte lWIa SI8feo Syslem - on 
campus 4S2·0944. (ICW·ICl'S) 
Offering Ether·Net card 101 IBM PC. Used one 
year in Warren Residence Hall . Comes with 
manual and disk . Asking 101 $50. Contact Chartes 
Kochanowicz 81657-9411 if interesled. (ICl'S) 
PC Multimedia computerw/sound Iyslem; auperb 
graphics (1 mb SVGA) - also CD/Dual casaelte 
lWIa Stereo System - on campus 452·0944. 
(1 0(2. 100S) 
White FOld Escrlr11G814·dr Auto. AIC, excellenl 
condition $3200. (619)S78·703S. (9/28-10/16) 
14.4 USROBOTICS Ext8fnai Modem. New in 
bole. Wi" Irade lor 14 .4 Inlernal Modem 01 sell 
outright for $100. Car! at 782·5316. (9/1""0/5) 
MACINTOSH SE, 4mb lam. 40mb HO. keyboald , 
mouse. Syslem 7. softwale. $350. Hewlett 
PacKard Deskwrlter POOler $17S. Cal 452·0056. 
(9/19-1015) 
MACINTOSH POWER BOOK 165C. 8 mb Ram, 
80mb HD. color. lal, used \I8ry time, much 
software, calrying case. 11 .495. Call 531 ·8183. (9/1 9-1 O(S) 
SCOOTER! Vespa P2OOE. Rebuilt Engine, 1200 
mites, new paint, eIIlorne lender, tourister seal. 
Grell lranapor1alion. 6Ompg. $1600. 892·0502. 
(8I'''''Cl'5) 
Jeep CJS 196e. New engine, tires. mudl more, 
top rnecIlanicaI condition. Glay spreckie cokIr. 
ISking 53700, can negotiate. 681 ·1517. (10/2· 
10(5) 
Pow. Up Yow C. St8f1O - PfIlCi8ion Power 
A:J( 400W 4x50 wans/channel @ 4 O/Ims, 
integrated X-ovar. $750new. ItMI unUlerl In r.ctory 
pig. Belt oller. 8115-3878 Pet8f. (I~) 

" ·. \:\'rEI) 
Honan PhyaicllulOf neIdecI ASAP. For femIIe 
hig/l1c/IooI ienlor In Solana Beac/l. Please call 
784·e4S7 (Keyren). (I~) 
EnS1S. Ooctorll ~eII PlII1icipIflIIneeded. 
MIieI III-4O. ApprOJdrnllelyone /Iru. ConvenIent 
to UCSD. E .. y. Cal 21Ie-35ISlor more into. 
ALLERGY STUDY: SubjICll w/Io .,e llileigic 10 
In/Iaied allergena (dull, gl ... , lIlimllll) needed 
a blood donora. Will be leimburled 135101 blood 
donation. Contact 534-2374. (I ClI5) 
Wanted: Retired professional (Canadian) couple 
slllkinO oppoI1Uniry 10 houIe·1iI during winter 
monthIln San Diego. 58e-02e0 (/1I8SIIOI). (1Cl' 

2·1~12) 
ROOMMATE TO SHARE LARGE MASTER 
BEDROOM. 2·1/2 balh, walking dillance 10 
CIII11pUI. Pool , IPI. lennis coulllinduded. 5280 
+ 1/3 u1iIiIies. CIII Ken 622·1118 (ICW·ICl'18) 
YOUNG UFE needI youl Inl8fllleci in exciting 
ChriItiIn 0utrNCII with JunIor/lll1ior hig/I kidl? 
C&IHWan: 5611-7I0Il. (ICW·I0(5) 
Looking 101 hig/lly motiv_ecl, 8fWiI'onmenlally 

-.cIou1. biIinguII people for lCOIogicIII 
IIIIIIiIIIng Irm. No .......... nI no doer-to-
doer .... iMIIvId ....... (lWll.IIWIl 
IkIIIfI* pilei 101 '1UIy on ItICaIIoI'I ...... . 
you .e • ~. CIIIneIe 01 Kor ... . 
~ I11III, call ~ Reeellc/llol 
mora HD, ..... 7240. (lm.l1/3O) • 
UCSO MEDICAl CENTER II HIIorwt needI 
heII/Iy wU1IeeII . ..... '''155, 101 • 2-3 hour 
"EY'I*r* SUIy .• ...,.. + pMIng. CII ,.... .. 
543-2314. (IClI5) 

UCSO Sludent IIId two I_I grid. IIHd 
loommlle. Own bedroom In 4 bdr/2 be townIi<luM 
In G-.. Hig/lllndl1oI $37C11mO. + 1/4 util. 3 
mi. 10 CIfl1IUI: willi 10 CollI VI/denl UTC. CIiI 
MIke 5511-2402. (10/5-1011) 
Downlown: $350+. I bell. l/id Studio ApIs. 
lumil/led. quiet, IOfII8 harbor YiIIwI. 1Iundry. 
iTiOIl utiIitieI included. 1534 Flont St. 233-74211. 
(10(5.11130) 
Roomlllll. wantedl Own 100I1I in 3 bellit 1/2 be 
condo. La JoIaI UTC. Prill.,. PIR/pooI. Two 
easy·going Iemail grldlludantl. $300mo . • 1/ 
3 ulit . 456-0755 (1()15.10i9) 
CiailemontlMiISion Bay I bdr/l be, 6 mi. 10 UCSO. 
Near beac/Ies. bey. 1IIopping. laundry. jIcuzzI, 
14351Il10. + uIiI . Cal Joanna 534·3712 or 581 · 
2835. (1D,12·1Cl'S) 
UCSO student seeking lesponsible p&fSOfl 10 
llhare 2·bdr house. 1400.'mo. + 1/2 uIiI. + d8pOlit. 
CioIe to UCSO MerI . CeIll8f (Hilia'esl) Mark :/e4. 
8279. (ICW· ICl'16) 
Solana Beac/I CXlndofMIlooking the ooeanl Room 
available immediately in gorgeous.1uiiy 1urnished 
condo. Pool, JICUZZI. sauna. Calf 782 .. , 204 . 
Room and Boatd: Own bdr bath separate area La 
JoII1. Physician's home in exchange 101 help car 
pooling ellild/en. (10(2·I0i9) 
SHARE LARGE MASTER BEDROOM. 2·1/2 be. 
walking dislarioe 10 cempus. POOl, spa, tennis 
couns included. $280 + 1/3 utU. Call Ken 622· 
9116. (ID,I2· ICl'19) 
Mira Mesa condo, 2 masler btdtooma. eac/I willi 
lull balhroom IIId mifrored wardlobes. wash8f1 
dlyer. lelrioelatOl. microwave, .tOlle, oven, 
dishwasher, window CO\I8Iings, air, patio with 
slorlgil, near pooJ,jacuui. available Nov. 1. prefer 
minimum 6-Il10. lease, S850/uIiI., 6I5·0ea0. (91 

-Loop, roll 

The UCSD GuardiaD 

TwollmilliedlOOllil ......... ~prNIagea 
In Bild Rock. Pfeil/ O.y m .... In l1li or 
1iumIniIIeI. SmoIcing OK. (81i)454-I1487. (ICW· 
ICI!'5l 
S/rigII rOOl1lIn beUiIIA l.I JoII. Own blllirOOl1l. 
pool, )IcuuJ. Wlllkcu, 1IurOy. CIIeciI I out, 
wort/Il. "25/mo. PIua 1/3 II1II. 450-1lI0II. (ICW· 
lCl15) 
Bllllel/" HiIII\Js*lwn: 1425+. Two ..... fr ... 
Great lIudio1. View harbor 10 Mexico. F_ 
Ir .... UtI. Included. 23t;0452. (ICW· l~) 
S285/m0. 101 /luge 100I1I In Nor1Ii Clairemont 
houIe. 10 min. from UCSO. Age 2,. prllarred. 
Avllilllble ICl'I . Ryan: 27CHl428. (I~) 
$320 W/UTC large ptNlteloom + S400 dep. A 1/ 
4 utii .• pool, \I!iIh II. AVIiI. lCl'l . Todd 548-1142. 
OWN YOUR OWN HOME - SAVE RENT 
DOllARSI Ne.1 UCSO 2- a 3·bdl condos 
$ 120.000+. 3-bdr oo..es $ 110.000. SPECIAl 
SAVlNGSSTAFF/sTUOENTS.12ynexparienc8 
Mrving L a JoIII, Univ. City, Pacific 1Ieacti, 
Clair_A Pacificlleac/l. RelMaxAlloc.JudiIi 
HIddoIc. Relllor. (818)274-4477. (10(2·10(5) 

~EH' ICE~ 
GuiIar inatruction: lNm .. III IndividUIII with 
eJ1l*illiced, degrMd, verulileOuillfili. PIIient. 
1uppOI1Ive . .. ...-... House call. DIve 
260-1204S. (10(5.1 Cl'18) 
AighIlniilruction - GIld lluclenl aIIaring F .A.A. 
apprCMid IIigIit Instruction 10 UCSO lIuden1s. 
Firsl introductory ftight only 145. Cal Kevin 507· 

-Try flying YU'JJ"'; U ~---.• ---:-~= 
or just see the ..... '.lIJlnll 
San Diego "u""uu"''''-. __ ._. _ __ ~ 

degrees to adult students. is seeking someone who 
handle a broad variety of office detail with min,imAI 
supervision. Duties include maintaining studant records. 
faculty schedules. heavy phone usage. and 
contact with students. The successful cendidate must be 
computer literate. possess excellent administrative. 
organizational. WordPerfect 5 .1. and interpersonal 
College degree, knowledge of financial aid. and eXDlllriElnce 
in a higher education setting strongly Dnltfen-ed. 

Notary helpful. Submit resume with .... f ......... " .... 
WEldm!sdl8V. October 11 , 1995. 

Union 
InatuII is an 

aIRnncM 
odtan/~ 

~ 
and 

--:;c 
cancIicfaI. 
.... lli,,1f 

pRIIIdId 
groups 10 

..' .;.:' ,.. .... \ ":' 
, v Prislna~ Testing' )' 

", Earty· p"gnancy,Test : ' 
. (IrnnMdla ....... t R •• ultst , 

,"' aartli Corrtro, .... 

I.A MESA 
_1 FIetcMr PkwY • 
, (.18)~1 

MISSION VIE.K) 
26400 &.. AIIIMd8 

. (t14) 341 2440 
NEWPORT8EACH 

4501 BIrch 8t. . 
(714) 851-1201 

INTEJINATlONAI.ITUOENTS - wIIIIara. rN·I 
~ PIogrInI • ." U.s .......... 1.IgaI 
8ervIoII Ttl (111)772-71 • • _, .... 81. 
eanog. PIIfIc. CA 81301. (1CW2·ICI/IOI 
SPEmYRESEMCH- RIporta:lI.OOperPIgI. 
Over 70.000 IopIoa & II1I*I. M ....... 101 
-.:Ii ......... _ ontyt 11147 I1ciIIywaod 
aMI. 2nd Iocr. "'.20111.01 AngIiII. CA I002I. 
Hours: Mon.·FrI. 10 a.m." p.m. SIt. II .. m." 
p.m. CullOm ~ wIIIIIIe. CllIOdIiyt 1· 
m.35e.eOD1. (1 CW·I Cl'12) 
REDUCE YOUR ACCENT! Do not _. your 
lime .... group dIIHIl We,. .. compIeIe, 1. 
year EngIiIII prOlllllCilllan _. iIId IIIecI till 
IpecIfic 1DpicI'" you need 10 focuI on 1011 ~ 

1nipr~. 1n3indMdu11i ..... , .. provide: 
(1) c:or. ....... lpMdilflliylillnyourliome. 
(2) SdentIIIc iIiIgnoIiI III problem ._. (3) 
Crllllon at ..... Itudy progr"" focuIing on YOUI 
IndMduIII needI. For more inIoImltlon. pIeaH 
C8II: SIn Diego CantIr 101 SpNCh Ana/yIiI nI 
AI:mnI Reduction - ~26 ~ illig). (10(2. 
lews) 
Cell Edmonlon Pllin.1 PhotoglaphiCi 101 
IiNIrIcII head 1hOII. Studio (818)298-31133. (&/ 
2&-1115) 
TRAVEl - BESTFARES - WORLOWIDE. CIII 
-nl_ .... Mon.·Fri .5-10p.m.546-7831 . 
(W2e.1Cl'12) 
All STUDENTS AcceIerlle yw;leaming power 
nowl Cut your IIudy lime In hIH - OU-lflIeedl 
GIIirv.a cIiIflIpIonI' proglam: Cal 1·1IQO.240-
7271. (1Cl'2·I~) 
Word PfOClllling: manuacriptl, iii_ions. 
___ • book, buIiaa, iippIicaIionI. rilumes, 
editing. AocurIl"""'confiderIIiIII. MlryAnn 452· 
153$. (1 QI2· I~) 
TIM - Beat F •• - Wortd·wide. ~lOIiIIi.zed 
I8IIIic:e - caI_ and _ IS. 0IIiat or lax 546· 
7831 . CaIitorniIlnterlink Travel Netwcril. (10/2· 
10(12) 
Students wlflled 10 plomoIellle mosl killef Spfing 

CLASSIPIEDS 17 

CASH FOR COLLEGE. 100.000 GRANTS 
AVAILABLE, NO REPAYMENTS. EVER. 
CUAlFY IMMEDIATELY. 1-100-243-2436 (I · 
IIQO.AJO.2·HElP). (W28-1/11 ) 
PlydioIiIfIpy: IndhiduIiI nI ooupIII"''PV. 
In • auppor1ivI nI CIring erMrOlWMlil. 10 hefp 
you dNl wilh P .... on.l. F llllily & Sc/iool 
"'-• . RllIliIli~iuUM. DepreeaIon,t... 
Nv6IIIy, PfIgrllflCy, Sell EItIIm. MotIvItlon. 
c._ .......... aIIin. I..uIe 1CaIt. Ph.D .• 
PlydioIogIII. l.I JoII 452·7100. (ICW·I M) 
FREE FINANCIAl AlDt Over III Man In privIte 
I8dor grlflll SICIioIIrI/IipI II now 1IVIiIIbIe. ,. 
1IudentI • • 1IIgIbIe IIgIfIIiIII oIgr ..... Incxme, 
er Plfll'lll· income. lei UI help. CII Studan1 
FI/IIfldII SeMc.: l-1OO-2113-114e5. lid. F58781. 
AnoreJddljmia Support Group. FREE. UTC 
If ... Sllurdlyl8 I .m. CII Dr. KalillyllIIIII22. 
0221101 inI~diredionl . (ICW·ICl'I2) 
AIIignmenII, 181m PIII*', woriI projecll.lhe-.. 
prwentltlon • . No time? Plan 1Mad. CIII 285-
840S ITR AIIor~ R .... eII + Comput ... 
ServiceI. (ItJO-ll 130) . 

1.011: sign. 'Egyptian c...,.,,' and IIfp w/poles. 
WI ..... at SOLO Vendor Fair W28Jts. Please 
C8II 534·0501 . (IO(S) 

Ive you a glad student wiIhout a ve/licle? For IS 
minu1es 01 YOUllime, earn $30.00. Cal S51·8369 
(Dave) 101 details. (10/5-10i9) 

~:t: Vniversity of &in Die80 e Experienced Faculty 
• Lecture Courses 
e In-Class Practice Exams 
e You Score in Top 25 % or 

Take Next Course Free 
Test 'Preparation Courses 
Serra Hall 316, Alcala Park, 
San Diego, CA 
92110 . 

HOWARD HUGHES UNDERGRADUATE 
SCIENCE ENRICHMENT PROGRAM 

Whether you are a new freshman. a 
transfer student, or a continuing Howard 
Hughes student, welcome to another Fall 
quarter at UCSD. Kicking off this year's 
events will be our annual faculty/student 
reception. We hope to see you there. 
Date: Thursday, October 5 
nme: 6-8 pm 
Place: Center for Molecular Genetics (CMG) 

Conference Room 
RSVP to the Hughes office, 534-7761 

" 

..-



,) 

~ . 

-, 

18 SPORTS The UCSD Gu.rdi.n 

FREE l'AII COLOIED CONTACTS W-J. FRESH LooKS PLOTO-6.00 8fOWII Eyes 10 81~. 0-.. "-I. Wil~ III< JIUICI- 0/ any <lOIIIIOd I .... J*bae below $89 DAILY WEAR t 129 rl~::ABLE 
COMPlEl'E Ird.doo two 6-pods COMPlEll: $129 EXTENDED 

WEAR COMPtm: 
All specials include lenses, _ . 

ey.;ore kit gncj foIIc,w up vil~. 
• PlESCIJPTIONS FIU£D 
• GLAsSES DUPlICATED 
• COMP\.m EYE EXAMs 
• No APPOINTMENT NfaSSARY 

Pain reliever IFeve'-
... : For the tAIft~ 
mmor aches and pains assDCII 
common cold, headache, CU~r ac~~s, backache, for 
of arthritiS, for the pain 
cramps, and for reduction of 

OVER. 
Thank goodness there's Advil ~ Advanced medicine for pain:" 

HOURS 
"'10-7 
.... 1 ... ••• 

JOHNSON: 
Lauren scores twice 
in UCSD victory 
Continued from pc. 20 
the ball past her and into the net for 
the one-goal advantage. 

"It·s always a hard game at 
Azusa." UCSD Head Coach Brian 
McManus said. "It·s a smaller field. 
and they are a physical team." 

The Tritons were still leading by 
a goal when the second half began. 
but Johnson increased that lead with 
her second goal of the contest at 
68:00. She received a pass from Ele 
Johnson and, after maneuvering to 
the top corner of the 18-yard box, 
turned and fired a left-footed drive 
into the far corner of the net. 

With the victory, the Tritons 
improved their record to 9-0, but 
they will square off this Friday 
against their toughest opponent of 
the year: An undefeated Chapman 
squad will pay a visit to Triton Soc-
cer Stadium. 

Of course, the big question for 
UCSO is whether Pugh will be able 
to contribute her speed to the Triton 
offense. 

"I don ' t know yet ifshe' lI play," 
McManus said. "She is gelling a 
bone scan today because it might be 
a stress fracture of the right fibula ." 

The speedy Chapman squad is 
coming off a win over a tough Cal 
Lutheran team. UCSO will have to 
match Chapman's speed and utilize 
home-field advantage. 

"If we get a goal early, and get 
tbe crowd into it, it always helps," 
McManus said. "If we don·t. we'll 
just keep playing the way we've 
been playing. and hopefully things 
will take care of themselves." 

OJ.: The Juice is 
loose. HOW?! 
ContInued from PIC. 20 
reprehensible advertisement of what 
money can buy in this country. That 
is a panel of lawyers whose skills 
are compared to the NBA's"dream 
team" - a panel that was able to 
take seemingly uncontest.ble evi-
dence of guilt and tum it into an 

. acquittal. 
Once the prosecution made the 

mistake of putting Mark Fuhrman 
on the stand, Johnnie Cochran had a 
race card that riv.led the queen of 
spades in a game of hearts. And that 
game is now over. 

The only question I have DOW is: 
Does O.J. have to petition theoourt 
to get his hat and gloves back? 

, TNTERNATIONAl 
~ MMtKET & Grull 

TheHou .. 
of 

SUweIwI 
~KaIJo" 

15eef. 
Chicken 
&Fleh 

Prepared on the erill witI1 
your health In mind 

NOWOPIM 
"1~~~~= lUST MI"""S FIIC*~,,", 

AaOSSTMI 
mElTFIIOM 

lLTOIITO 

I Buy arry sandwich and get a • 
1=.1/2 PRICE!-. 
I ---.. " ..... _- • 

L-___ .;....MIi ..... w ........ ' ._Ibup..;.._ .... _I. _u..-rrit..;. .. ----O-I~-W-!,.,.-.. -lMlaI- 'IIOI- ios..;...Moo-1iIi_' ..;.I,N_J, ________ ~ ............ ~..,..,..,.,--... :.,;.,.~~ ... --....... .,.;..;--.-J : .Ii;,'. _~.=:. .. '..t.' iii 

The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 19 

RUN OVER: CSUB 
downed UCSD in three sets 

the Tritons were unable to regain their m0-
mentum, and the Lady Crusaden rolled to 
victory in the fourth and final game. 

Continued from PIC. 20 
attempt from Point Loma's top player. Robin 
Rabello, and then spiking home a quick set in 
the middle of the court to clinch the win. 

"We had ch.nces to win the match against 
Point Lom .... O.nnevik .said. "We had [the 
lead) in the third and found a way to lose." 

"We played great to win the first game." 
Dannevik said. "Chich made two of the best 
plays 'l'~e ever seen a middle blocker make 
for us." 

The Lady Crusaders battled back in the 
second game, notching a 15-8 win to tie the 
match. 

With the game knotted at one game 
apiece. the third game became the turning 
point, and UCSO appeared -to have the up-
per-hand. 

Putting together leads of 12-6 and 13-8. 
the Tritons should have put game three in 
the bag (and been looking for a win in game 
four). However, UCSO's offense faltered, 
and Point Loma came storming back for the 
15-13 win. 

After failing to put away the third game. Bane: UCSD's Mieke Biesheuvel spikes. 

Volunteers are needed for Research Drug FRE E 
Study. All testing and study medications are 

Qualified partiCipants will be paid up to $600 
for participation 

Call 436-5189 Ask for Research 
Warren w. Ple.kow, M.D. 

OIPLOMArE, AMERICAN BOARO OF ALLERGy/IMMUNOLOGY 

Eat 
Drink 
Man 
Woman 
Job 
Car 
BIke 
Computer 
Speaker 
CD 
all of We'. 
drama in 
today'I 
Guardian 
ads 

I· 

Jump Start Yo-ur Future 
At Home And Abroad 

Explore Foreign Service Opportunities 
Monday, October 16 
11 :30 am - 1: 15 pm 
Career Services Center 
Multipurpose Room 
and 
3:00 - 4 :00 pm 
IR/PS 
Robinson Building Complex, Room 1201 
and 
4:00 - 5 :00 pm 
Thurgood Marshall Administration Building 
Provost's Conference Room 
and 
7:00 -9:00 pm 
Eleanor Roosevelt College 
Pepper Canyon Lodge 

The U.S. Deportment of State offers unique 
opportunities in the Foreign Service overseas and 
in Washington. DC. Our many student employ-
ment programs offer an inside perspective on 
U.S. foreign policy. 
Attend our information session to find out how you 
can .take on the most interesting work ... in the world. 
An equal opportunity employer. 

Mr. Green and Mr. Pink are going to catch the Midnight MovIes 
• at La Jolla Village Center. They're night people. 

get the Inside Track 
on admissions 

• Entrance Exams 
• Interviews 
• Applications 
• Essays 

u C S D Peterson Hall 
on Thursday, 

at 8 pm 
Oct. 19 

Space is limited! 
Call today to reserve your seat 

1·800-KAP· TEST KAPLAN 
·At selected locations. Not all seminars offered at all locations. 

.... , ,-. 
"".' " -

-. 

-

-



20 SPORTS 

KRAFTY 
DAN KRAFT 

Did We Watch 
The Same Trial? 

No one will ever accuse me 
of being a political science 
major, for I know less about 
tbe letter of the law than a 
hearty bowl of Campbell's 
alph~bet soup. 

However, if I had ever 
been certain of anything in a 
courtroom, it was that 
Orenthal James Simpson was 
guilty, and he deserved to be 
sent to the "big house" until 
the day Mark Fuhrman joined 
the Civil Rights movement. 

Clearly, I would have 
made a less-than-ideal juror, 
considering I had formed this 
opinion long before the onset 
of the "Trial of the Century" 
- a filling description 
considering that, at times, it 
seemed as though the trial 
would continue well into the 
next century, if not the next 
ice age. 

Now, you may blaspheme 
my name for further inundat-
ing tbis country with more 
opinions regarding the trial, 
which has undoubtedly been 
the biggest, public pain-in-the-
ass of the past decade. 

And, while I agree that no 
more needs to be said about 
O.J., I am simply dumb-
founded that a jury, composed 
of actual members of this 
planet, was willing to stare ' 
down the barrel of more 
circumstantial evidence than 
anyone in a law firm has ever 
seen, and say "not guilty" with 
a straight face. 

,. It is a powerful statement 
about the importance of race 
in present-day America, that 
a man, of whom every bit of 
evidence screamed guilty and 
for whom any inkling of in 
alibi vanished, can walk free. 
Hell, more up-and-coming 
law students believe in the 
tooth fairy than in O.J. 's 
innocence. 

And yet, all across the 
country, Mrican-Americans 
sprang to their feet in joy, 
when the words "not guilty" 
escaped the mouth of the 
jury's spokesman yesterday 

• \.- morning. 
Is it just me, or does the 

rumor that several jurors 
believe him guilty, hint of an 
absolute collapse of our 
justice system's most vital 
ideology. If justice is blind, 
then it should have been easy 
to resolve a case with a 
defendant who is so obvi-

-... ously guilty. 
This case also seemed to be a 

See O.J., Page 18 

The UCSD Ouardian 

All out: UCSO's Christine Prowd stretches out for a dig during the Tritons straight-set loss to Oivision II CSU-Bakersfield last night. 

Roadrunners Scorch UCSD 
BEEP BEEP: The Tritons were overmatched by Division II powerhouse CSU Bakersfield last night 
By DM Kreft 
Sports Editor 

The past two days would be bet-
ter off forgotten, ~ far as the UCSD 

women's volleyball 
team is concerned. 

ti ••••• ,w After a solid per-
formance in the 
Mizuno Invitational 
Tournament over the 
weekend, the Tritons 
suffered yet another 

_oiiiiiiiilll_ injury, this time to 
outside hitter Madelyn Ripken. She 
is the latest UCSD player to to be 

banged up, making the Triton bench 
look more like a training room, with 
its numerous braces and ice packs. 
. On Wednesday night, the suffer-
ing UCSD crew was paid an un-
timely visit by tbe best team on its 
schedule, Cal State Bakersfield. The 
Roadrunners are national title con-
tenders at the Division II level -
currently ranked number three in 
the nation - and the overmatched 
Tritons were in no condition to chal-
lenge CSUB on this night. 

The contest was knotted at one to 
start game one, but that was as close 

Bad Wheels Can't 
Slow Triton Atta'ck 
PAC: UCSD - playing without Carin Pugh -
beat Azusa, 2-0, on two goals by Lauren Johnson 
By Sean Rahlml 
Associate Sports Editor 

In the UCSD athletic commu-
nity, Carin Pugh has earned the nick-
name "wheels." These days, how-

ever, the wheels are 
in the garage due to 
an injured right leg. 

The 2-0 victory was fueled by 
outstanding play from sophomore 
midfielder Lauren Johnson, who 
knocked in two goals. Senior goal-
keeper Kelly Pearson minded the 
UCSD net for her second sbutout of 
the season. 

Twenty-seven minutes into the 
contest, Johnson scored her first goal 
of the game, her second of the sea-
son. It put the Tritons ahead 1-0. 

After using her strength to dribble 

as UCSD would gr.t. Fourteen unan-
swered points silenced any hopes of 
a Triton victory, as Bakersfield 
smoked game one, 15-1. Game two 
wasn't any different, as an early 1-1 
tie quickly became a 15-1 Roadrun-
ner triumph. 

The third and, mercifully, final 
game was a carbon copy of the open-
ing two, as UCSD was able to es-
cape with but a single point. 

"This is a national championship 
[contending] Division II team," 
UCSD Head Coach Doug DaMevik 
said. "This is the best team on our 

schedule. It'sjustanovermatch. It's 
Nebraska against USD in football. " 

Tuesday evening was a much 
more competitive match, when the 
Tritons took on cross-town rival 
Point Loma Nazarene College. 

The opening game was won by 
tbe Tritons in exciting fashion, as 
they squeaked out a 17-15 victory, 
thanks largely to the efforts of all-
American middle blocker Christine 
Chi. 

Chi made two huge plays to close 
out the game, first stuffing a spike 

See RUN OVER, Page 19 

But the Triton 
women's soccer team 
managed to get by 
without ¥ugh on 
Monday night, top-
pling NAIA foe 

past three defenders, Johnson drew Ch\ICII NMen/Gulldan 

Azusa Pacific University. 
out the Panther goalkeeper, sliding Wounded -.m ...... : Triton star Carin Pulh (left) was slowed by a 

See JOHNSON, Page 18 San Francisco defender here and by II fractured lea this weel<. 
•••••••••••••• _CI:lT..,I:(:{~~!l:I:'!l ................ . __ :I(t1=llIIr~:~ __ 

er... CcMIIItrr. 
.... '.Ioaaer: --.. .. , ... APPEARANCE 

Sat., Oct. 7, at UCSD Invite at North Campus Course, 9 a.m. 

.... '.W .... Polo: 
Sat., Oct. 7, VS. Whitier at Canyonview Pool, 10:30 a.m. 

w .... '. Vol .. ,.....: 
Sat., Oct. 7, vs. Chapman University at RIMAC, 7 p.m. 

U.S. 
• 

Fri., Oct. 6, vs. Chapman University at Triton Stadium, 7 p.m. 
Sun., Oct. 8, vs. Washington (~(» at Triton Stadium, 12 p.m. ~ 

W_'.loecr. 
Fri .• Oct. 6. vs. Chapman Uniwrsity at Trtton Stadium. 5 p.m. {l ~ 

Sun., Oct. 8, at Cal State-San Bernardino, 3 p.m. ~ 
8t the ...... '. aoccer "1M Fri • 

• , • , ••• " " " •• , " " ••• I •• I '" .. ".'._ • . ............. .......................... . 


