
Flfty-two Aneateel 
At Sproul .... 1 S"-In 
BERKELEY - UCB police 
officers arrested 52 people in 
Sproul Hall 10 days ago after 
protesters refused to end a 
six-hour sit-in denouncing 
the regents' July 20 decision 
to eliminate affirmative-
action poiic"ies in the UC 
system. The protest - which 
was held in response to the 
regents' meeting occurring 
simultaneously in San 
Francisco - began at noon, 
when 70 people took over the 
lobby of the administration 
building. When the building 
closed at 5 p.m. and the 
protesters refused to leave, 
UCB officers closed in and 
made the arrests. 

- The Daily Californian 

Student Admit, 
Trashl ... Papers 
SAN DIEGO - Victor 
Marrero, an SDSU member 
of MEChA (Movimiento 
Estudiantil Chicano de 
Aztlan), one week ago 
admitted to throwing away 
bundles of The Daily Aztec to 
show his opposition to what 
he called " right-wing" 
opinion columns published in 
the newspaper. Marrero 
conceded that his actions 
were "premature," but that 
the paper refused to print his 
guest opinion column. 
Although not punishable by 
criminal law, the wrongful 
disposal of newspapers is 
actionable by civil suit. 

- The Daily Aztec 

ca ............. .., 
Gets 'Hooked Up' 
IRVINE - By mid-January, 
UCI students living in the 
Arroyo Vista residence halls 
will have access to e-maiJ and 
the Internet from the comfort 
of their own rooms. The 
communications link, called 
the Residential Computing 
Network, is the first step in a 
general plan to provide 
electronic access to all 
undergraduate and graduate 
campus housing complexes. 
The project will enable 
students make high-speed 
ethernet connections to the 
campus computer network. 
The housing department 
estimates that it will cost in 
upwards of $3 million to 
connect all four undergraduate 
residence halls. 

- The New University 

_.I~f.."tl ·l 

STRETCH 
OPINION: The benefits 
and drawbacks of UCSD's 
quarter system. 4 

FEATUREI: San Diego 
animal activists rallied at 
ure Friday, urging shop-
pers not to buy fur. 8 

IPORTI: UeSD men's 
basketball loses a pair in the 
Triton Tip-Off Tourney. 24 

, H 
•• 

·c 

UCSANDIEGO MONDAY, NOVEMBER 27,1995 VOLUME 86, ISSUE 19 

UCSD's woeful 
parking situation has 
prompted some students 
to break the law just to 
get a space 

"reasonable" parking space on the UCSD 
ClImlDU5 is a dream-come-true for most 
liIUI'\;IIIIl!i. Unfortunately, most have grown 
~aCCUSlC)ml~ to the long walk from Siberia 

better known as East or North Park-
ing - to their classrooms. 

Frustrated by the difficult parking situ-
ation, some students resort to parking ille-

gally. And a few students have gone so far as to illegally 
obtain and use handicapped placards. 

With a handicapped placard displayed in their vehicle, 
drivers can park virtually anywhere. Not only does it 
allow for parking in handicapped spaces, but also for free 
parking in metered zones and unlimited parking in 20-
minute spaces. 

Violators use handicapped placards belonging to friends 
or, in most cases, relatives. But, in other instances, indi-
viduals forge doctors' signatures on Department of Motor 
Vehicles application forms. 

According to UCSD Police statistics, 22 people have 
been arrested for handicapped-placard misuse or fraud in 

See PARKING, Page 3 

8m" by Anand paml 
Graphi£ by Dominiu Lobbia 

UCSDSuper 
Computer 
-Director 
Resigns 
DEPARTURE: rounding 
director says he will stay active 
in technology community 
ByMaryHlUlns 
Staff Writer 

Sid Karin, the director of the north campus-
based San Diego Supercomputer Center (SDSC), 
announced his resignation last Monday, effective 
May 1, 1996. Karin stated in an e-mail letter to 
SDSC staff members that he intends to "take some 
time off and carefully consider my future pursuits" 
after his departure. 

Information Services Manager Stephanie Sides 
said Karin was instrumental in SDSC's develop-
ment in the early 1980s. He was responsible for 
raising funds to build the center, as weU as manag-
ing and hiring staff, purchasing equipment and 
overseeing construction, Sides explained. 

"The fact that [SDSC] even exists is a credit to 
him," Sides said. "He had the vision to establish a 
national supercomputing program." 

SDSC's wooong environment was one of 
Karin's greatest contributions, Sides added. 

"People like working here," she said. "It's hard 
to see him leave." 

Network Multimedia AnalystJeffWinkJersaid 
that Karin's laissez-faire management style has 
encouraged the SDSC staff to pursue creative 
approaches to problem solving. 

SDSC Executive Director Peter Arzberger 
agreed. "One of his many strengths was that he 
provided an environment that allowed ideas to 
arise from many levels," Arzberger said. 

Several SDSC staff members said Karin was 
also committed to education, citing an outreach 
program for community K-12 students and the 
center's close working relationships with UCSD 
researchers. 

SDSC Principal Scientist John Helly said there 
will now be a national search for Karin's replace-
ment. 

"Karin possesses qualities that will be difficult 
to replicate: a practical sense of how to do 
supercomputing, combined with .. vision of where 
it will lead," Helly added. 

However, Arzberger said Karin's departure 
may not have a drastic' effect on daily SDSC 
operations. 

"Karin's vision is one that we all share," he 
said. "It was created by all of us, so in that sense, 

See RESIGN, Page 10 

New Chancellor Search Committee to Include UCSD Students 
SELECTION: 17-
member committee 
will advise Atkinson 
By father Yoon 
Staff Writer 

The search for a new UCSD chan-
cellor is underway, according to UC 
President Richard Atkinson. 

Atkinson recently appointed the 
17 members of the chancellor search 
committee, and the UCOffice of the 
President (UCOP) anticipates the 

committee will announce its recom-
mendation in the spring of 1996. 

Atkinson also abolished the 
committee's "majority-rule" voting 
policy. The new policy requires the 
committee to review a list of candi· 
dates early next year. After reaching 
a consensus, the committee will rec-
ommend its choice'to Atkinson, who 
will then appoint the new chancel-
lor. 

The chancellor search commit-
tee is composed of UC regents, 
UCSD faculty members, students, 

an alumnus, a staff member and a 
representative of the UCSD Foun-
dation - the fundraising arm of the 
university. Atkinson will preside 
over the committee as an ex officio 
member. 

Atkinson appointed Regents 
Ward Connerly, John O. Davies, 
Meredith J. Khachigian, Leo 
Kolligian and David S. Lee to the 
committee. UC Board of Regents 
Chairman Clair W. Burgener will 
erve a an ex officio member. 

Marshall College Provost Cecil 

W. Lytle, physics professor Lu J. 
Sham and planetary physics profes. 
sor J. Freeman Gilbert will repre-
sent the UCSD faculty on the com-
mittee. The two non-UCSD faculty 
representatives are UC Irvine ecol-
ogy and evolutionary biology pro-
fessor Francisco Ayala and UC 
Davis family practice professor 
Klea Bertakis. 

UCSD A.S. President Naomi 
Falk and Graduate Student Asso-
ciation President Steve Dubb are 

See SEARCH, Page 11 



2 NEWS 

It's a Small World at 
Language Tables 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, November 27,1995 

ETCETERA. • • 
VISITORS: Exchange students blend languaKf, . . ' 
food, culture and music in weekly events 

CALVIN a HOBBES by Bill Watterson 
'II~'1 ~;> IT's N(:) C~ItC;\.' 
'100'J1: GOT n1~ ~Nlll~E 

~O'I"'NT"G£ . ' \j~T COULD 
'iCIJ PoSI8\ . .'{ G£T MOt 
POUNOING SOM£ON£ • 

CCIt\I'\£lt:l~ OHEN<;t1£'»! i 
By Ann. AftIHn 
Guardian Reporter 

Thanks to some innovative 
UCSD exchange students, learning 
a foreign language no longer has to 
be a boring task. 

Roosevelt Gel1l)an exchange stu-
dent Barbara Nowak characterized 
the language tables as an overall 
positive experience. 

"This is the first time I have had 
Japanese food, and I have to say that 
it's very good," said Nowak, who 
al!ended the Japanese language 

International students livingat I-
House in the Pepper Canyon apart-
ments have proven 
during the last 
month that there is 
nothing beller than 
a good party with 
delicious food to 
help students learn 
about different cul-
tures. 

An average of 
two "language 
tables" meet in I-
House every week 
to talk in the native 
language of a par-
ticu�ar country. The 
event also provides 
a traditional dinner, 
samplings of a 

"I really enjoyed 
the Spanish 
table, althou&h I 
don't ..... ka 
word of 
Spanish, 
because the 

table. Nowak, like 
many other visi-
tors, praised the 
clam rice and 
tempura. 

In addition to 
the Chinese and 
Japanese tables, the 
German and Aus-
trian tables also 
meet every Tues-
day. 

"I want every-
oneto know that we 
have our own Aus-
trian table, and iI's 
definitely different 
from the German 

country's music and food was 
one, since Austri-
ans are better 

cultural dancing. excellent. " 
Although each 

people," joked 
Muir Austrian ex-

table is distinctly 
different, each gives 
participants a taste 

- CIIryn t.1benIon change student 

of the country's culture. 
Jane Taylor, a Roosevelt college 

exchange student from England, 
talked about the purpose of the lan-
guage tables. 

"Despite the fact Ihal at every 
table people end up s'peaking En-
glish, the music, the food and the 
body language that develop evokes 
the atmosphere of the specificcoun-
try and make each table unique," 
Taylor said. 

The Chinese and Japanese tables 
are two of the most popular groups, 
competing fiercely to attract as many 
people as possible. 

Warren junior Bernhard Lame!. 
Both the Italian 

and Spanish language tables meet 
every other Saturday. The Spanish 
language table attracts a wide array 
of people, regardless of their com· 
mand of the language. Some attend 
the Spanish table to drink Sangria 
- a mix of red wine and fruit juice 
- and others come to eat some of 
the country's specialty dishes. 

"I really enjoyed the Spanish 
table - although I don't speak a 
word of Spanish - because thefood 
was excellent, especially the 'torti-
lla espanola;," Warren junior Caryn 
Leibenson said. 

See TABLES, Page 10 

Ves Gu8ldllln staffers, It's time once ... In 
for the tradltlonallast-l ... e, encI-oMh. 

qu.ter, disorderly au_dian party. 

1he music begins .oulld mldnlaM 
Weclnelday and keeps ,01", until we ,et 
thrown Into Detox. But don't worry. the 

straightJackets don't chafe too badly, and 
Bob will make ball for us In the mornl .... 

CQ\. 1i5 C()..O 
'TbO~~ .' I, 
\'lEEDS TO BE 
30 OE<;RE£S 

WFlRM~R OJT 
HERE ! 

BRIEFLY ••• 

\~~~ I ~~ i~~ ~I , ~ i ~ ~ I 
i~ ___ ---.J L--__ ----'.:::::.. ... -=-.J 

r-----....----, 
ITS RECE'iS 
r"" FINE · 

~-r ----"'1 I 
I 
I 
f 

1 Gom GtT "'~ 
()IHN '59:. \1£1' ~R'( . 

\ 

"'-------' '------__ --' 1.:-='.:.." _____ ---l 

R:>R 1\W l-I~ml1., IT'S 
AIS:> TOO QlJIET. 'III'. \'IUD 
SCME \3II-CI(6ROOI'I\) M~5IC 

\ 

~~ ~ .." ~ 
. - - . 

~Iol\) Irs \t:I;) If OIoll'1 SEING OU't':oIOE 
SlOW! U\ltlGS W"Rt ~E LII(£ ORI~It-\G 
SI\OOlO H~i'-\ Po. CAR . 
MOR£ QlJICKl'(! 

George Clinton to Play RIMAe 
Geor&e Clinton and the P-Funk All Stars will perform 

in the RiMAe arena on Dec. 1 at 8 p.m. 
Over the last three years, Clinton, the S<H:alled 

"Master of Funk," and his 3().member band have 
played to audiences in the United States, Europe and 
Japan. 

Clinton's musical roots date back to the mid-50's, 
when he formed his first group, Parliament. The group 
hit the Top 20 charts in 1967 with "I Wanna Testify" 
and "All Your Goodies Are Gone: 

Clinton is perhaps best known for staging imagina-
tive shows, including the 1976 "Mothership Tour" and 
the "One World Music Festival." 

In recent years, rap artists such as Ice Cube, Dr. 
Ore and Snoop Doggy Dogg have incorporated Clinton's 
innovative beats and lyrics into their recordings. 

Admission to the concert is $16 for students and 
$22 for general admission. 

Cheathams Receive Jazz 
UfeUme Achievement Award 

Jimmy and Jeannie Cheatham and the Sweet Baby 
Blues Band were honored at the Los Angeles Jazz 
Society's 13th-Annual Jazz Tribute and Award Concert 
on Oct. 8. 

A1ang with receiving these awards, Jimmy Cheatham 
will also direct the UCSD Jazz Ensemble in Mandeville 
Auditorium on Wed. , Nov. 29, at 8 p.m. 

Jimmy and Jeannie Cheatham and the Sweet 
Baby Blues Band, who are known for their Kansas 
City blues style, have won several awards including 
Album of the Year In Down Beats' 1991 CritiCS Poll 
and the Jazz Times 1990 Critics' Poll Blues Group 
Award. 

Both Jimmy and Jeannie Cheatham taught at the 
University of Wisconsin before moving to San Diego in 
1978. Jimmy Cheatham taught in the UCSD depart-
ment of music before retirlne in 1993. 

eta. .... ' Blood DrIve Set for 
Dec. 12 In Mlulon valley 

The Chargers' Blood Drive -XVII takes place Tues., 
Dec. 12, from 11 a.m. to 7 p.m. at the Town and 
Country Convention Center in Mission Valley. 

During the last 16 years, the Chargers' Blood Drive, 
held in association with the San Diego Blood Bank, 
has helped more than 6,000 patients. 

Current and former Chargers players, including Rolf 
Benirschke, will attend the blood drive to sign auto-
graphs and visit donors. Donors will receive a com-
memorative sweatshirt and will be treated to enter-
tainment and refreshments. 

Free parking will be available at the Town and 
Country Convention Center for blood donors at the 
event. 

For more information, call the San Diego Blood 
Bank at 296-6393. 

Women'. Caucus Presents 
Holiday Craft Demonstration 

The Women's Caucus will present its annual craft 
demonstration on Thurs., Nov. 30, from noon tQ 1:30 
p.m. at the UCSD Cross-Cultural Center: 

Event organizers will demonstrate ways to deco-
rate t·shirts, sweatshirts or tote bags for the holi-
days. 

Attendees should bring a tray of their favorite 
cookies, as a cookie exchange will be held along with 
the craft demonstration. 

Also, organizers will be collecting toiletries and 
sundries for the Adopt-a-Family Program, a program 
designed to help provide three San Diego families in 
need with some essential items for the holidays and 
the new year. 

Those interested in attending the demonstration 
should call 534-6771. 

IMNT IOftNlON, Opinion Editor \'YPIIT: J_ Eom 
DlREK VAIl NOFrDI, Associllf. Opinion Editor 

DAN MAfT, Sports Editor 
lEAN IWIIMI, AuocI.tfI Sports Editor 

., MUlL, Hi6tUS Editor 
YMOY ZOLOTOltlV, PIlato Editor 

CIIUCI( IIIUYIN, CcMIIOCIIIfIr PIlato Editor 
IIIIIM MUZ-. CcMIIOCIIIfIr PIlato Editor 

DOMIfIC a.o.A, GrI/1IIICs Editor 
_lATHAM, OeSjfn Editor 

CIRCUlATION AIIIIToUnS: lien Chin. Plblo M .... uy. Christlne P.tfoId. 
Stet.nle Stod<. A,..... Terr., 

ANN ~EFIILD, Advertlsillfl M""., 
108 DMNDRIA, Business omce M."., 

MIKE MAlmNlZ, Art DiteCtor 
IIITHYA TANI. Aut. Bus/ness MeMf" 
JOlIN UJt8IJI, Ad Le)OUf IJIId Design 

JOE 'All, Graphic Oespr 

_ITNII' WIII1IIII: ..... Ch ..... Dan~. Meri_ VICII 
EdllOftal: 5~1, News/~II_: 534-5228, 

Opinion/Sport,: 5~582. HIIIII.: 5~583 
IJuaIMM omc:.: 534-3486, Fax: 534-7091 

e-m.I: ,u.o~ . .cIu TIDO LAID, Editor In Chle' 
...,.. MILLIIt, ~ Editor 
AMA VAIIMAI, CHfeMf/tW Editor 

ICOTT PAID, Copy Editor 
IVAII DB.VINYIIAL. AuocI .. Newt Editor 

TIIIRY LIW, AuocI .. Newt Editor 

IT .... WIII1aS: UN~, ~ Hell, Mery Hillin" GI_ J.,., RollIn KNH1en. KMIIItIn LYIIe, HeIINr MeII ... Mew. PII. Mend 
...... MIIe~. w.tu \I~, Either Yoon 
ILLUI1IIAIOIII: Mille 1IIetJ, NIIdd ~ Rich Yumul 
... IIIB MMIhft ..... n 
fIIICJfOIII' III •• ' _ Chen. o.td ClIo. _ Hluren. MetII 

~.""'n..meult. ~VI~ 
AMOCIAII COPY .mill: Jolin MuIphJ 

~JlmSerlo 

Gulrdtan Online: http://-.UCId.eclu/,UIflIIIII 
UCSD Gunllan, 9100 Gllm .. Drive 0318, 

... JoI18, CA 92093-0318 
__ : IIecond fIaor. UCIO ..... ~ eo-. '1.'. Am. 217 

Monday, November 27,1995 The UCSD Guardian 

PARKING: cannot get{spaceaJ bec:auae they are "Peopl. 'who •• 
UCSD police verify 

taken up by people who aren't even 
.... BIIIteIy supposed to have a handicapped 

handicapped status placard," Brennan said. handicapped, who Brennan, who has been working 
ne.d the 8CC8., Continued from pea. 1 at UCSD for the lut seven years, 
1~5, 51 were arrested in 1994 and sai41 he is familiar with a majority of cannot .et [spaces] 
31 were arrested in 1993. And so the handicapped students on cam- becau .. they .e far, there has been a total of five pus, as well as their vehicles. He 
arrests on the UCSD campus during added that he also keeps I notebook taken up by people 
this quarter alone. which contains all the placard num- who ... 't even What many of these Iaw-break- bers on campus, and descriptions of 

SUppo .... to have a ers do not realize is that the unau- their owners. 
thorized use of a handicapPed plac- Brennan said that when he en- handicapped 
ard is a misdemeanor which carries counters an unfamiliar vehicle in a placard." a heavy price. The penalty for the handicapped or metered space dis-
offense is a $500-$1 ,000 fine, six playing a handicapped placard, he - Ken 8re1lMll 
months in jail or both. submits the placard number of the UCSD Compliance Offlcer 

UCSD Transportation and Park- vehicle to the campus police dis-
ing Services (f&PS) is responsible patcher. does not match that of the owner, 
for monitoring the use of handi- The dispatcher provides Brennan Brennan asks to see the individual's 
capped placards. T&PScompliance with personal information about the handicapped identification card -
officers patrol the campus, looking placard's owner, including his or proof given by the DMV to all plac-
for any and all parking violations. her sex and date of birth. ard owners. 

UCSD Compliance Officer Ken Armed with this information, According to Brennan, most 
Brennan, who has received awards Brennan waits for the driver to re- people who are using a placard ini-
from the DMV in recognilion of the turn to the vehicle, and then decides tially say they forgot (heir 10, but 
more than 200 illegally used handi- whether or not the person matches are usually quick to confess after he 
capped placards he has confiscated, the description of the handicapped reveals that they do not match the 
said that in addition to the 12,000 placard owner. description given by the dispatcher. 
normal parking spaces on campus, "I can only catch them :-,!hen they "At that point Ihey usually admit 
there are 172 handicapped spaces. are getting in their car or getting Ihat iI's their wife's placard, their 

"People who are legitimately out," Brennan said. uncle's placard, their aunt's placard 
handicapped, who need the access, If the description of the driver or something like that," Brennan 

Do you want to be the next Guardian 
Associate Features Editor? 
Yes. Well, Send resume and clips to: 
Tedd Ladd, Editor in chief, 9500 Gilman Drive 0316, 
La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 

NEWS 3 

.aid. DMV bu taken sevenI steps to cut 
If the placard's owner is not Ie- down on illegal use of handicapped 

companying the individual who placards. 
parked the car, the driver hu com- In years past, the DMV used blue-
milled a misdemeanor. colored placards for everyone, a 

Brennan said he then makes a measure which made it difficult to 
citizen's arrest and contacts the track down expired placards. Now, 
UCSD Police Department, which the DMV changes the color of the 
issues a misdemeanor citation. The placard every two years and makes 
handicapped placard is confiscated, physical distinctions between tem-
and the legitimate owner must ap- porary and permanent placards. 
ply for a replacement. "Law enforcement can more eas-

In order to obtain a handicapped ily enforce (with the different col-
placard, an individual must com- oredplacards). If you have the wrong 
plete a Statement of Facts and Ap- color placard, they can tell right off 
plication for Disabled Person at the the bat that it 's invalid," Adams 
DMV, as well as get proper certifi- said. 
cation of his or her disability from a In addition, Adams stated that a 
physician. handicapped identification card is 

If the physician determines that required for all placard owners. The 
the disability is temporary, the indi- card prevents friends or family mem-
vidual is eligible for a non-perma- bers of handicapped individuals 
nent placard, valid for six months or from using the placards. 
the length of the injury. The DMV's Bureau of Investi-

The application also contains a gations is in charge of looking into 
section that I ists permanent disabili- the fraudulent use of handicapped 
ties, which the physician must fill placards. Many of the cases handled 
out for the applicant. If the indi- by the bureau involve individuals 
vidual is affected by such a disabil- who have forged their physicians' 
ity, they can receive a permanent • signatures on the DMVapplications. 
handicapped placard, which must While the misuse of a handi-
be renewed every two years. capped placard is a misdemeanor, 

According to DMV Administra- use of a placard obtained fraudu-
tive Manager Marie Adams, the See PARKING, Page 10 

Now ENROLLING: SAN DIEGO'S #1 COURSE FOR THE 

ServIng the UCSD pr&-medical community since 1985 

* M.D.'S TRAINING M.D. 's-OF-THE-FUTURE * 
• INTENSIVE MCAT preparation & medical school application! 

admissions assistance arc all we do! 
• MCAT EXPERTS: an independent program taught by UCSD·trained 

academic M.D.'s, top M.D.-Ph.D. candidates, & English Department 
Ph.D. faculty. 

• ORIGINATOR. not simulator, of inlensive MCAT prep in San Diego. 
·14 WEEKS (150+ hours) of detailed in-class instruction & Tcal MCAT 

testing, problem solving, reading/writing workshops, review groups. 
med schoolapplicalion & admissions strategies, & tutoring. 

• 2000 PAGES of original take·home review notes, reading & writing 
studyguides, MCAT & admissions strategy handouts. problem sets, & 
MCAT -quality timed practice exams. 

• REAL MCAT TFSlJNG for in-class & take-home practice. 
• DIRECT CONTACT with young UCSD docs & med students. 
• DlIORING, pre-mc:d library & med school application help included. 
• ON CAMPUS at the UCSD School of Medicine. 
• WWER TUITION than other courses. . 

1~~liHJ!'~Ul'~D 456·8488 



.. OPINION The UCSD Guardian 

PINION 

I »~es ~he Q'11a, .. ~te:r 
Sys~e~ IIi~der 

Ed~ca,-tic>I'1. ? 
UCSD Students Suffer From 

Limited Research and Rapid Pace 
iversity life 

should follow the 
philosophy, "work 
hard, play hard." It 

should be an opportunity to participate 
in a wide assortment of activities, in-
cluding academic work. Unfortunately, 
at UCSD there is no time for such fun-
filled activities. And the to-week quar-
ter system does not provide enough time 
to absorb the required material for each 
class, nor does it allow students the op-
portunity to miss lecture in the event of 
a common illness. It also helps to ex-
plain one of the most baffling aspects 
of UCSD campus life -the lack of any 
kind of social activity. 

Many would argue that the quarter 
system allows students more variety in 
their studies. However, depth is more 
important than variety. Ten weeks only 
allows for limited study of a given sub-

ject. For the majority of arts and social-
science classes, a course text and a 
reader are assigned - from which the 
lecturer chooses excerpts pertaining to 
his own personal views, those he has 
reached in his own research. This 
method lacks any measure of depth, as 
it provides only one, limited viewpoint. 
It does not allow alternate perspectives 
to filter into the curriculum. 

Lecturers also choose topics for 
classes which interest them, not neces-
sarily those that interest the students. 
Although this is true of all academic 
approaches, a quarter system is more 
restrictive than a semester system. If 
terms were longer, students would have 
time to do their own outside reading, as 
well as the assigned material, allowing 
them the opportunity to study what in-
tcrests them. The extra time would al-
low greater freedom in choosing essay 

topics, and it would allow the students 
to possibly discover a discipline which 
truly peaks their fascination. 

Currently, students are not explicitly 
required to do their own iesearch - d0-
ing so is merely a suggestion. Although 
this manifestation stems from the lack 
of time provided by the quarter system, 
it is a travesty that only a few students 
ever learn how to do their own research, 
thus wasting the excellent library re-
sources here at UCSD. A semester sys-
tem would give students this opportu-
nity, and would contribute to the devel-
opment of new ideas and theories -
rather than the unthoughtful regurgita-
tion of the required reading. 

The majority of classes have a large 
amount of assigned readings. This pre-
vents students from absorbing all the in-
formation presented to them, as they 

See CHANGE, Page 6 

By Ja.:n.e Ta.ylor, Contributing Opinion Writer 

, 

Monday, November 27,1995 

Ten Weeks of Study Are 
Not Only SuffiCient, 
But an Advantage 

Ithough the quarter system at 
UCSD is often questioned, it is 

actually what students every-
where truly desire. There are 

only two alternatives to this system, and neither is in 
any way superior. The first is the year-long system, an 
anachronism that few could tolerate in American col-
leges. The second seems to be a compromise between 
the quarter and the year-long systems - the semester. 
While used much more than either the year or quarter 
system, the semester system has some mind-numbing 
pitfalls which serve to make the quarter system the most 
conducive to quickly learning and retaining academic 
material. 

Some students at UCSD complain that the quarter 
system is too flawed to be an adequate instrument of 
learning. Rantings such as, "Th·e quarter is too short," 
"Midterms take place almost before you buy your 
books," "Finals are too early in the year" and "Informa-
tion is simply crammed away for a test, regurgitated 
and forgotten afterward" are only a few of the choice 

See QUARTERS, Page 6 

By lVIaUhe-mr 
Fi:t;zpbbon.., 

Contributing Opinion Writer 

Monday, November 27, 1995 The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

COMMENTARY: Although students are partly to blame, as long as universities like UCSD continue to hire 
professors uninterested in teaching, the quality of higher education will suffer 

COLLEGE PROFESSORS BETRAY LmERAL EDUCATION 
By Nathan R, Plettl. ket by acquiring a specific body of that this person is qualified to teach the human soul. That this invoca-
Contributing Opinion Writer know ledge. It is no secret that there in that field. Even a cursory glance tion of metaphysical terms, such as 

As M!lr~ Twain once said, "Edu- is a significant wage differential at student comments in the CAPE "soul" and "perfection," may very 
cation is what you must acquire between high school graduates and confirms this to be true. well sound queer to the reader, in-
without any interference from your college graduates. Moreover, a col- The CAPE is revealing in another dicates just how grave .. e state of 
schooling." During the typical four lege degree creates opportunities for way as well. One would be hard- our education is. Liberal education 
(or more) years at a university as further study in graduate or profes- pressed to find a page in the CAPE seeks to discover the best in human 
large as UCSD, it is easy to become sionalschool, which in tum can lead where more than one course or pro- nature and, in so doing, to aid its 
jaded about the educational process. to even more lucrative job opportu- fessor garnered an approval rating beneficiary in discovering his true 
Crowded lecture halls, unprepared nities and careers. below SO percent. It is also very rare self. A sense of ennoblement, a 
and uninteresting professors, indif- However, thinking of a college that a course or prof~r would gar- genui",e true thirst for knowledge 
ferent teaching assistants and unre- education merely as a tool needed Indeed, • truly ner anything less than a 70-percent and the consequences of a concerted 
sponsive administrators are just a to get a high-paying job cheapens liberal education approval rating. This seems to say search for truth and virtue are miss-few of the obstacles with which stu- the educational experience. In pos- something about what the students ing from contemporary education. 
dents must contend if they are to iting economic success - rather aim. at nothing expect from their teachers. If the Given UCSD's focus on scien-
keep their education on track. It is than learning for learning's sake- I ... tbanthe CAPE ratings are any indication, stu- tific research, it might be hard to see no surprise, then, that some students as the chief goal for higher educa- dents probably consider most courses how much more ennobling the study 
feel as though they are lost in the tion, valuable opportunities for en- perfection of the and professors at UCSD to be "inter- of a field such as microbiology 
shuffle, that they are nothing more riching the human soul are over- human soul. That esting." Moreover, it seems that this could be. But consider this: A stu-than a number to some faceless bu- looked. Hence, education, in this is the only criterion by which our edu- dent from UCSD might, one day, 
reaucrat. narrow view, is given the status of thl. Invocation of cation is judged. invent a world-changing device 

Although these problems are a commodity. metaphysical But, this attitude is precisely with far-reaching moral and politi-
endemic to large universities, they The other side of this issue in- t.rm .... ch .. what should be expected from one cal implications. In the end, it is lib-do not represent the greatest threat volves faculty members, who - in of this nation's top research univer- erally educated human beings - not 
to the quality of our higher educa- their capacity as teachers - must Msoul" and sities. There are always "interest- mere technicians - who make a 

. lion. Even though students at UCSD bear the bulk of the responsibility Mperfectlon" may ing" things going on at places like difference in the world, and who have a rare opportunity to study for the state of teaching. As part and UCSD, and there will always be "in- will spell the difference between 
with some of the world's most noted parcel of their mission and reputa- very •• 11 sound teresting" professors here. Any lib- calamity and progress. 
scholars, the greatest threat to un- tion of being some of the world's queertoth. eral education worth its salt, how- Traditional notions of liberal dergraduate education is our lacka- top researchers, professors at UCSD ever, will engender in its beneficia- education have been under consid-
daisical commitment to teaching. must necessarily devote the great r ..... , Indlcat .. ries much more than this benign "in- erable attack in recent years, what 

I use the word "our" advisedly, bulk of their time and energy toward Just how .... V. the terest" in the world around them. with the advent of the cult of for both students and faculty have a making significant contributions to All of us who are so privileged multiculturalism. The nihilists on 
responsibility to keep teaching alive their fields. Given this university- stat. of our to pursue a higher education should the left - in their ironically moral-
and well. In the first place, students wide focus on research - and education Is. at least have the good sense to rec- izing tone - insist that one concep-
need to reevaluate their reasons for UCSD's notable achievements ognize that the college years are (or tion of truth is basically as good as 
pursuing a college education. For within that context - it is not sur- This obvious fact needs to be reit- should be) about much more than another, that there is no such ideal 
many - if not most - students, a prising that the relationship between erated: Just because someone may mere information gathering. Indeed, as truth and that the animating 
college education merely provides scholarly excellence and pedagogi- know everything there is to know a truly liberal education aims at forces behind the pursuit of liberal 
a way to get ahead in the job mar- cal competence is often disparate. about a certain field, it doesn't mean nothing less than the perfection of See UBERAL, Page 6 

\S .. ' ·~~···8' ":fI";S" ; . ( , , , • I • • • • • _ • , '. ...; .. ,... .. .'.~ " ... ) , , ~. 

Tuas~ 
:~. ~' 

:!;;p:~.~ 
\ ~'. .~. ?b;:, BECAUSE YOU & WadnasUy 

Clothing & accessories, 
wallhangings, posters, 
pottery, photos & 
paintings, copper, silver .~~. ( .. ~~,~ .. 

. ' 
rlE t IIiAIT Loui6E Ar rill P lICE C EIlTEI IS 11m 24 HDm 

Nav. 28 & 29 

1 D a.11 4 pili 

n RnaIIa Plaza 

& brass metal works, 
jewelry, candles & 
holders, incense, stained 
glass giftware, windchimes, 
bonsai trees, didgeri<f4ps 
and more: Do your 
holiday shopping at 
Revelle! 
.s".....J l, R-It ~tt,. 
S-./-I C_iN. 

tI··:~· ··:ta· . "·;1':· .:. ~ ( ... .... ':'" .. . . . . . 
• ' .... . '. . ~ •• ~, 10 

:,::...,,.,i .. 
~ 

' . .:JIIIia • e· 
~." '. '.' ' .. - . 5.., . , ~: . , .. , 
- , 

-8: . ':, . , 
. . ji., .. t' • .: 
. 

ABSOLUTELY, 

Un" til 24 HoUl LlltAIY LOUl6E IS ,,"m. 

TO STUDY 

10 IS( I' lEI/STElE. U(SD SmllTS OIlY. 'lEASE If "frAlf. 105"" 1.0. 

OVERNIGHT. 



6 OPINION 

CHANGE: 
Semester system 
would work better 
Continued from pea. 4 
shuffle their attention so quickly be-
tween different courses that clear 
delineations of each subject become 
increasin&,!y more vague. 

Stephen Lincoln, a sociology 
professor at UCSD, noted that the 
quarter system "is even more 
counterproductive at the graduate 
level." The analysis required in 
graduate programs is difficult to 
achieve in such a short space of 
time. 

This absorption problem is even 
more evident in the language depart-
ment on campus, because it requires 
a large amount of time and practice 
to become proficient in a foreign 
tongue. The rapid pace forces stu-
dents to learn vocabulary for a quiz 
one week - just in time to forget it 
for the next week's quiz. On the fac-
ulty side, there is also pressure on 

QUARTERS: 
lO-week period is 
just right for students 
Continued from pa,. 4 
words students could muster in op-
position to the quarter system. 

These agitated students can be 
broken down into two groups: 
Those who cite no depth of knowl-
edge gained in the current system, 
and those who feel pressured by the 
system 's time constraints. While the 
first group may want a yearofstudy, 
the majority of those in the second 
group probably believe that a year 
is too long for any subject, and feel 
the semester system is the best way 
to go. Despite these complaints, no 
convincing arguments have been 
proposed in favor of changing the 
current system. 

To advocate a year-long system 
of study is pure folly. Most people 
would get "burned out" if they had 
to sit through 30 or more weeks of 
one class. This system cannot pos-
sibly hold students' interest long 

LIBERAL: 
Students suffer from 
nihilisitic education 
Continued from .,.,. 5 
education are rooted in bigotry of 
every kind. It is very disturbing to 
discOver that the most vocal of these 
critics of liberal education should 
find their most solid base of support 

the lecturer to present a comprehen-
sive analysis of practically every u-
pect of the language in a restricted 
time frame. 

The quarter system is also prob-
lematic in its testing strategy, be-
cause numerous courses resort to us-
ing fill-in-the-blank and multiple-
choice tests. Midterms are generally 

. during the fifth week, and finals are 
only five weeks later - not nearly 
enough time to fully comprehended 
any material outside of the general 
concepts of a course. This common 
testing format provides a rather su-
perficial manner of gauging a 
student's kr1bwledge, especially 
when the content of the class is such 
that there is no definite right or 
wrong answers. And most responses 
require elaborate discussion to 
prove a point. 

Writing classes, such as short-
story writing and psychology, 
have no dogmatic answers. Yet, 
even some of these courses use 
multiple-choice ' and fill-in-the-
blank tests. This approach not only 

enough to be effective in the learn-
ing process. Thus, a student would 
have ample opportunity to learn the 
details of those subtle curiosities 
which make the indefinite integral 
so breathtakingly fascinating - but, 
then again, would he or she actu-
ally have such an interest, or even 
remotely care? 

Time constraints would not be a 
problem in a year system, but bore-
dom would definitely be a factor. It 
is unlikely that, by final-exam time, 
a student would be able to remem-
ber very much from the beginning 
of the year - approximately 35 
weeks ago. 

This system would prove diffi-
cult to most students, since fewer 
classes could be taken in a year. The 
result would be longer time spent 
in school before graduation. Even 
if more subjects were taught within 
one course to correct for this, the 
curriculum would be too general 
and vague, causing one to wonder 
whether anything is being taught at 
all. 

The semester system may appear 

within the university itself. The phi-
losophizing nihilism rampant within 
academia represents an intellectual 
crisis of the highest order. 

There are certain steps which can 
be taken to mitigate against this in-
tellectual upheaval. Perhaps, not 
surprisingly, these have to do with 
the way courses tend to be taught in 
large universities like UCSD. In-
stead of calling on research profes-

The UCSD Guardian 

MI ...... Just. 
w .. k of_.cl ••••• 
and study time will 
put .ny student 
sev.reIy behind for 
the rest of the 
quarter. 
fails to test students' originality 
and writing skills, it also thwarts 
any semblance of a detailed analy-
sis. But the alternative to these 

Under th8 qu_t.r 
system at UCSD, 
student.take. 

. cI_ and - Just 
as they begin to 
get tired of It -
vol,., they move 
on to a n.w on •• 
to be compromise between the quar-
ter- and year-long systems. Most 
universities use this system, and 
many believe it alleviates time con-

sors and graduate students to do the 
bulk of the teaching, when they 
might not have the time or inclina-
tion to do a good job, the university 
needs to begin hiring dedicated full-
time teachers who will instruct 
small classes. Although distin-
guished graduate study would be a 
prerequisite for these instructors, 
there is no reason why only Ph.Ds 
should be allowed to teach. 

tests - take-home essay midterms 
- Ire just as stressful on the lec-
turer as they are on the students, 
because the lecturer is sometimes 
required to read close to 200 pa-
pers in the span of a week. 

In the present system, it is im-
portant to receive the highest pos-
sible grades. For fear of getting a 
low grade, some students will pan-
der to the lecturer's vanity by 
overstating his opinions in their 
own essays. However, it is the 
ability of student to develop his 
own opinion, arrived through dili-
gent research and analysis, which 
ought to be the educational goal 
of any institution of higher edu-
cation. By placing the emphasis on 
the quality of a student's opinion 
- as a function of the time spent 
in research, as opposed to his 
regurgitational prowess - stu-
dents would leave UCSD more 
academically enriched. 

Also, the quarter system may 
have a detrimental effect on health. 
It is fair to say that the majority of 

straints without creating boredom. 
At fi rst glance, the semester sys-

tem does seem to be a panacea to 
those studying under the oppressive 
heel of the quarter system. Upon 
closer scrutiny, however, this theory 
crumbles. 

Consider the results of a 1995 
study by the Georgia Tech Student 
Advisory Group: In a survey of the 
students at that university, which 
operates under a quarter system, 95 
percent favored staying with that 
system rather than switching to a se-
mester system. Furthermore, 85 per-
cent believed that a semester sys-
tem would have a negative impact 
on their educational experieoce. The 
quarter system is a perfect balaoce. 

The semester system might be 
beneficial by allowing students to a 
more in-depth analysis of a course, 
but it is too long for intensive 
classes. Students are already burned 
out by the 10th week. You may not 
learn as much in one quarter as op-
posed to one semester, but you can 
learn much more in three quarters 
than in two semesters, which is the 

Given thatoversubsaibed, imper-
sonallectures go a long way toward 
stifling discussion and genuinely lib-
eral learning, small class size is a 
must. The three-lecture, one-discus-
sion-section paradigm has to go. Re-
verse that ratio and have professors 
deliver one important lecture a week, 
while the bulk of the teaching and 
learning takes place in smaller, more 
intimate environs. 

Monday, November 27, 1995 

students It UCSD have emtic sleep 
patterns. Combined with the con-
stant pressure from this academic 
system, students are rather prone to 
illness - and the system provides 
no time to be sick. 

Missing just a week of classes 
and study time will put any student 
severely behind for the rest of the 
quarter. To be excused from an 
exam or an essay, some lecturers 
demand that the student be in the 
hospital, failing to take into account 
how difficult it is to study when one 
is tired or ill. Lupe Samaniego-
Krauss, a health educator at the 
UCSD Medical Center on campus, 
believes tha~ for students who man-
age time poorly, the quarter system 
can be stressful. She did state that 
if students do fall ill, "the stress of 
actually being ill is greater in a quar-
ter system than in a semester sys-
tem," simply because there is less 
time to catch up. 

The quarter system means that 
students have to study constantly. 

See CHANGE, Page 7 

grand total after a full year of 
classes. 

Our present system allows stu-
dents to take more classes in a year. 
General education requirements-
often the most aggravating part of 
one's class schedule - are satisfied 
early in the college career, allow-
ing students the opportunity to take 
more classes that relate to their ma-
jors. 

More classes also adds variety to 
what might otherwise be a mundane 
college career. Students graduate 
earlier than in a year-long system, 
and tend to be happier as well. Un-
der the quarter system at UCSD, stu-
dents take a class and - just as they 
begin to get tired of it- voi/D, they 
move on to a new one. Students' 
grades, class participation and over-
all satisfaction are higher when stu-
dents are interested in a class. By 
not spending so much time in a class 
that students eventually become dis-
interested, the quarter system pro-
motes better academic develop-
ment. 

See QUARTERS, Page 7 

Nihilistic grandstanding by pro-
fessors during lectures has less of a 
future with policies such as these. 
Such reforms will return teaching to 
the most qualified and most eager. 
They will also make the vast poten-
tial of a liberal education obvious 
to students, who - after tasting the 
rewards of liberal education - will 
be less disposed to taking the now-
fashionable nihilism lying down. 

Monday, November '1:1, 1995 

CHANGE: 
Quarter brings about 
health problems 
ContInued from PIC. 8 
Without sacrif:cing one's grades, 
socializing on a regular basis is ex-
tremely difficult. This is renected 
by the lack of social acti vity on the 
campus ~ llnd also by the quiet, 
studious and rather sterile atmo-
sphere. It is possible that, because 
students are often tired and under 
constant stress, friendships are 

QUARTERS: 
IO-week system 
prevents bum-out 
Continued from page 6 

A quarter system allows stu-
dents tq take a class and pass it 
with all the knowledge they need. 
Longer, more in-depth courses can 
be taken later, as a graduate stu-
dent. Boredom is only a factor 
when the professor is sub-par or 
the subject proves too easy for the 
student. In terms of testing, final 
exams and midterms are given 
early enough so that the informa-

..caro~\lS 
l\\lesto\t ·\es.·, 

a\ a\\~ 0 d\s\i\'o\l\\on. s\ 
RIMAe __ .d6 

~Center~~ 
Institute of !he AmerIcas eo-
Gilman 0riIIe Info BooIh 
Torrey ~ c.nw 
No. T.P. Info 80CItII 
SIOUlnry 
Snadaopok, SIO 
Neurembarg Hall. StO 
Thornton Hoep. ER 

St. Germain's· EI Torito 
Cal Copy 
e.r. PIzzeria • KHlo·. 
Ralphs 
Garden Stale BIlge! 
Vons 
Papadlino'. _ ..MIA 

=501 ~ 
Soup Exdw1ge 
Subway 
Ben & Jeny'a • Zebra Copy 
Stella Bela • KoIIJa Yogurt 
Costa VIIIde Car Wuh 
La Salsa 
Rubio's 
Taco Bel 
Java House 
News Ell:. 
Beana 

Subway • Rober1D's 

JefI'. Burg ... NeIghbor Saver 
No. Shore ~ .)o\\! 
Panini CaIfe ~ 
Alny's Cafe " 
La Jolla Brewing Co. ~~. 
House of Natural Foods ~ 
La Jolla Public Ubrary 
Baltimore Bagel 
Bernini's· Pannikin 
7-11 (La Jolla Blvd.) 

Bustamente's 
Starbuck. 
Ambiance Cafe 

~ 
Zanzibar· Cafe Crema • 7/11 
Ouik Comer • Soup Exchange 
Dragon House ~ 
M.B. Tan· M.B. Laundry ~ 
Mission CoIIee House ~~ 
Ben & Jerry's • Rice King • .,.-
RobeI1s Taco Shop ~ 
BIIItimOre Bagel • Red Robln 

Pannikln,; ~ 
The I.Mng Room ~/~ 
Pula Tme CaIe \KI"""-
SIlly D"I PIzza • LaIo'. file . 
Ben & Jetry'l • The SIUdy 
Expfee80 Roma • Euphoria Cafe 
UCSO Med GIr . • QueI Fromage 
D it nuc.D ...... 

less euily formed. People are not 
u interested in convenatioD when 
they hive no free time. A semes-
ter system would allow students 
time to relax and have a break 
from their studies, without feel-
ing guilty. 

It is important to question the 
reasons for attaining a higher edu-
cation. If it is simply to get qualifi-
cations and a decent job, then the 
quarter system is adequate. It forces 
students to manage their time well, 
providing them with a weekly rou-
tine. 

tion is still fresh in students' 
minds. 

In fact, most students feel that 
the semester system would actually 
teach them less. Students tend to get 
just as exhausted in a semester as in 
a quarter. If burn-out is a problem 
between the two systems, then why 
not employ the quarter system, 
which gives students greater vari-
ety in more classes for only to 
weeks instead of 15? In this case, a 
semester system simply is not a vi-
able alternative. 

The quarter system is a fast-
paced way to learn, and students 
are forced to schedule their time 

The UCSD Guardian 

However, if the reason for an 
education is to develop a variety 
of skills aside from academia, 
then the quarter system is not the 
right approach. At the university 
level, students should have 
enough time to find not only their 
professional identity, but also 
their social and personal identity 
- through socializing with a va-
riety of people, playing sports and 
joining various clubs. The restric-
tive quarter system does not allow 
for these activities or such devel -
opment. 

more efficiently. Also, students 
fare better than their counterparts 
in other institutions because they 
learn about more subjects within 
the course of one year. Those on 
quarter systems are less prone to 
become bored with their classes, 
and they do not become ex-
hausted as easily. 

The alternatives cannot boast 
of these qualities. The year-long 
system is too long to be effective, 
while the semester system does 
not allow students to take enough 
classes. Clearly, the quarter sys-
tem is the best way for students 
to learn. 

Navy Career Falr at an 

Read the 
Guardian 

or you \Viii 

.... A CAREER FAIR FOR 
COI~I.EGE STUDENTS AND RECENT GRADUATES TO 
LEARN ABOUT CIVIIHN CAREER OPPORTUNl'nES 

WlTD TBE DEPARTMENT OF TBE NAVY 

Nf"TI~)IIII~ll 2f': 
How to apply for employment 
Information on Navy Student Education and Intern Programs 
Career opportunities in Research and Development 
Opportunities for career growth as a civilian Navy employee 

Morning and afternoon workshops held at Aztec Center 

OPINION 7 

~C"7J~)IIII~ll :IC': (~1'111~1~111~1'II1 
Over 20 different agencies looking to fill civilian positions 
Scholarship opportunities available 

Fr~e bu,s transportation to San Diego State Universiy from UCSD 
Resume Helpful 

9:00 a.m. - 2 :30 p.m. at Montezuma Hall, Aztec Center 
CODtact your Career Center for further Information and transportation signup 

AU ILUOBS WELCOME 
S ••• ,.Stace Ual.enlt1 .,Iatslal ,ad pro.ot •• a policy of aoadl.crl.laaUoD IDd DODbar .... ItDl oa til. bills of 
ftC., r.II ............. d.r. 'I., dt.ablllty •• arltll It.8nll. 1.&1I1l1 orl.atltioD, IBd D,tloDal orilla. 



8 FEATURES The UCSD Guardian Monday, Novomber 27, 1995 

FUR FREE 

The San Diego Animal Advocates (SDAA) gathered at Univer-
sity Towne Centre the day after Thanksgving to protest the killing 
of animals for fur. Participants were urged to wear "caveman-
style" outfits to spread the message that "Fur is for Neanderthals. " 

THEUCSD 
HEALTH 
PROFESSIONS 
PROGRAM 

proudly announces a new partnership with 

KAPLAN 
A limited number of MeAT 
scholarships are now available 
under this new program. SchOBIIPlIltau·. 
are based upon financial need 
pacl:loemic record. Applications a 
before the end of Fall Quarter at the 
H P Office or call 534-7579. 

.. ": 

. , 

C.ve people: 
(left) SDAA 
Members Steve 
Markowitz. 
Jessica Daly 
and Cris Waller 
were among the 
hundreds 
statewide who 
protested 
Friday. 
FIIhI fashion: 
(right) Jennifer 
Ballard was one 
of several 
protesters who 
donned fur 
coats with 
messages. fake 
blood or traps 
attached to 
them. 

FIND 
I. w. 

'I1dIItI 
Can 
... 
u.It 
...... 

.... 
.......... 

Aato .... 
SUs 
JobI 

c. .. ,*" 
........ 
n. ..... 
upstairs In the 

Student Center, 
abo\<e the 

General Store. 

YOUR LAST CHANCE To REGISTER ! 

MINORITY free airfare (or students selected (or interviews! CAREER Friday January 19 
EgR~M 1Uutd(UUt 

The Inkl Co1J1Oration Hotel Nikko ~~cisco 
Towers Perri" 

PAm.U LIST OF 
EMPLOYEIS 
The 8011"" C",,_n, Group 
The CoP'" Group Compo .... 
Compoq C""""""' C"""".lion 
D.E. Show .. Comporoy 
DeIeme , . .... nce Aaen<Y 

~"" .. Toudle llP 
Emst .. Vounau'P 
Hewin AuociitH 
Infermix Softw.re, Inc.. 

McM~ster • C"fT Supptv Company 
M.rriIIlynch 
PrudenlYl lnsurance 
Prudenlial SeaJrities 
Smith 80mey 
U.S. Morine C""" 
U.S. N· VV 
U.S. Secret Servtce 

Ziff.Oov~ Publi>hinl CO. 
PLUS MANY MORE !!! 

TO REGISTER and beeligiblefor 
interviev.s. sald or fax ~ resume ~th 
3 industry preferences on the back to: 
Crimson & Brown Asscxiates 
201 Broadwrry 
Carrbridw, MA 02139 
(617)868·0181 p'hone 
(611) 868·0187 fax 
~~('I""n"() '\; III \llI 1'\,1 
I \ II '\, () I I) I (). I II ( I \ IIH I~ I 

Meet and Interview with 
leWing emplo~! 

Is your o~ 
cash safe? \ @--------

Why risk unnecessary loss? Keep yourcash 
secure by using your UCSO Plus Card! Once 
you make a deposit, your cash is safely . 
accessed only through your photo 10, so only 
you can use it, even if you lose your card! 
fIvoIcI the risk of lost wallets 

or stolen ===w 

Monday. November 27, 1995 

Tr.pped: (above) Dr. Donna liebrich joins others 
who gave up their Friday to protest for animal rights. 
Messenger: (right) A protester who wished to remain 
anonymous expressed her feelings to the hordes of 
holiday shoppers. 
Ponder this: (below) Jennifer Ballard urges motorists 
to think of the consequences before buying fur. 

The UCSD Guardian 

On one of the big-
gest shopping days of 
the year, protesters 
lined La lolla Village 
Dr. carrying signs and 
wearing real furs in-
scribed with messages 
urging people to ab-
stainfrom buyingfur 
products. 

According to the 
SDAA, between six 
and 10 million ani-
mals are killed each 
year for their fur. 

Photos by 
Heidi Muzhik 

OPEN 7 DAYS • All SOFT CLOTH WASH 
SHELL GASOLINE & DIESEL AT COMPETITIVE PRICES 

FEATURES 9 

Sarah Abbey 

Andrea A.rrieta ~~,:') 
Kenna Chfton !~'f 1 , 1 ·1\~: \ Michelle Polon i 
P Gbe ,~l ~\ atty i rson !~' I: : .~;._ ~':, \(;\ Jaime Sarachit 

Cheryl Kelly 
Ashley Kim 

-----------------------

Sarah Gobuty ~:r~1~1 Elizabeth Shaw Sar~ Hammer ~i ~ IJhli.~/~i Joann Shin 

H ... iI 
N_York 
Fnlnkfurt 
London 
Com Rial 
Tokyo 
S.O Paulo 
.. ",kok 

$161* 

1184* 229* 235* 249* 
1265* 355* 315* 

., If., 1ft tKt'I wry ftom s.. [Mg:) IIdIof l<» ~ 
bis.td on iI ~ pt«hUt. fll(ft no9 Inckdea lid 
.-.on. oppIy. c" far _""'_ ---
Crop bj fer. R& StudtnI b8 

Council Travel 
Your On-Campus Travel Experts 

In the UCSD Price Center 
(Across fIom 1M IooksIcn> 

4S2-Ga30 
...... M-H~-51nd W'11r5 

: !til Full Service . $/" 99 : 
: COSTA PI'1e 1M! ~ ~.~ : Mehssa Henrichs ~~.1'- '-. '-0 Carolyn Stender -.,: ~ Elizabeth Hyman (~') 

Tonya Ippisch I VERDE Not valid wlllllny other oller. saU I 
I ( AR WASli EJcpilel Dec. 31,1995. $3.46\ I 

Treisa Sullivan 
Michelle Yolk 

.. _~ _____________________ I LIi;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;iiiiiiiiLI 

• Oliver Peoples 
• Gualtier 
• Matsuda 
• Fred 
• Cartier 
• Armani FREE 1 PIIR COLORED CONTACTS W-J. FRESH LooKS PLOro-6.00 Brown Eyes to Blut, G_n, HI .. I. With tilt ............ 0( Iny COGlKl h pocUJt btlow $89 DAILY '129 DISPOSABLE WEAR LENSES 

COMPlEl'E COMPlEIl: 1ocWa .... 6.,..a. 

90 PAIR I·DIYACUVUf . $249~~=~~· 
All specials include 1In1el. exam. I)'KIInI kit and IoIIow up vit~ . 

• PlESCIIPl10NS FWD 
• GlAssEs DUPUCAltD 
• COWLm EYE EXAMS 
• No APPOIfTMiNT .. assAIl 

HOURS 
... 10-7 
.... IN ••• 



10 NEWS 

PARKING: 
Fraudulent placard 
use is a felony 
ContInued from ,... 3 
lently is I felony. 

DMV Senior Special I nvestiga-
lor Benito Juarez said thai usually 
someone from the public. like 
Brennan, will conlad the bureau if 
someone is suspected of commit-
ting handicapped placard fraud. 

Juarez said that once he gets 
the license-plate number of the 
suspicious vehicle, he investigates 
its registration history. He also 
obtains information about the 
suspect's handicapped-placard ap-
plication and verifies the 
physician 's signature. 

Juarez said he contacts the phy-
sician and asks if he or she signed 
the application, and if the suspect 
is truly handicapped. If the person 
is not legitimately handicapped, 
the bureau has the powerto arrest 
the offender. 

Many of those involved in en-
forcing handicapped pLacard laws 
agree Ihat placard misuse and 
fraud are serious offenses. 

"If [siudents] knew it was a 
misdemeanor, they would not at-

"I rNI., feel .." 
for • lot of people, 
becau .. the, do 
not knowhow 
serlou. (pI •• d 
misuse] IL People 
think H'. not • bI. 
.... 1 w ..... n I •• " 

-Ken ........ 
UCSD Compliance OffIcer 

tempt to do it," said Brennan. 
Five students have been ar.: 

rested this quarter for misusing 
handicapped placards. 

Warren junior Thao-Thanh 
Huynh was arrested by a compli-
ance officer for handicapped-plac-
ard misuse on Oct. 3. Huynh said 
she was running late for class. and 
she used her grandmother' s car to 
get to school. Huynh said she for-
gOI to remove her grandmother's 
handicapped placard when she 
parked in a metered space adja-
cent to the Price Center. 

Huynh claimed she put money 
in the meter, but was unable to 
relurn to add more change before 
Ihe time expired. A compliance 
officer made a citizen's arrest 

3 Yo 
. to 600/0 

• - '~WTlnn~ a.w ••• ~w 
Holiday Gift Wrap 

Stuffed Animals, Candles 
Candy, Games, Afghans 
Boxed Christmas Cards 

Glassware & Housewares 
Holiday CO's, Cassettes, Toys 

Ceramics & Novelties, Pet Gifts 

~k 
1995 Holiday Sale ~~ 

IJI"'.~n RAnkst-.. a!! - -."..,.., ..,..,..,~.,." "" 
Nov. 27- Dec. 2 

~'t ~r' 

20% 
• 

The UCSD Guardian 

when Huynb returned, and then 
notified tbe police who wrote her 
a citation. Huynh is stiUawaiting 
a court date. 

"I'm going to appeal it aU the 
way; she said. 

A 20-year-old female student, 
who wisbed to remain anony-
mous, was arrested on Oct. 13 for 
misusing a handicapped placard. 
She said sbe used her father's car 
to drive to school and parked in a 
handicapped space. 

The woman said that when she 
mumed, a poIiceofficerquestioned 
ber and then issued a misdemeanor 
citation. Theofficerconfiscated the 
placard and told the woman that her 
father would have to apply for a 
new placard at the DMV. Like 
Huynh, the woman is also awaiting 
a court date. 

Other people arrested on cam-
pus this quarter for placard mis-
use include a Muir freshman and 
a UCSD graduate student. and a 
22-year-old non-affiliate. They 
were either unwilling or unavail-
able for comment. 

"I really feel sorry for a lot of 
people. because they do not know 
how serious [placard misuse] is," 
Brennan said. "People think it 's 
not a big deal when it is." 

RESIGN: Center 
is one of four in U.S. 
COntInued fnNn ..... 1 
the vision wiu live on." 

SDSC is one of four 
superoomputing centers in the U.S. 
Founded in 1985 by the National Sci-
ence Foundation, its mission is to 
"advance scientific resean:h through 
computation, serve as a national focal 
pointofdevelopmentofkey-enabling. 
high-performance computational 
technologies and enhance U.S. ec0-
nomic competitiveness." 

L.ocatedjusl southofRIMAC, the 
center is administered by a subsidiary 
ofdefemecontraclorGeneraI Atomic. 
It employs approximately 100 scien-
tists, software developers and research 
support persoMel. 

The center's NSF grant is almost 
up for review, and several staff mem-
bers have expressed concern that 
Karin's departure will leave the cen-
ler without the ability to aggressively 
pursue new funding. 

Yet, after more than 10 years at 
SDSC's helm. Karin said he has no 
retirement plans. 

"I expect to continue to play a role 
in the nation's and San Diego's tech-
nological futures," he said. 

LJ£_-=- SD 
HOOKSTOHE 

c~~!!gs A 
Sale Books, Fiction Books n. X 7ton,lllMllt(ftMc{ ::-Science & Technical Books ~"'" .~, . .... ,' 

Children'S Books . Of S"vtnas. ~!:!"""'~=-=5 =+~~5 
Non-fiction Books 'J U~ ii 

BRAIN SAVING IDEAS 
(General merchandise priced as marked. While quantities last. Discount on books taken ~t register. 

. 2000 & BOOO series only. Magazines, best-sellers, medical and textbooks not ulCluded.) 

Monday, November 27, 1995 

TABLES: Free 
food draws many 
COntInued from .... 2 

At the French table, the empha-
'Sis is on food and drink. Eacb Thurs-
clay, visitors are treated to ctipC5, 
"real" french cheese and wine. 

~It's very important to share the 
French cuisine with our guests, since 
it '5 one of the most famous thipgs of 
our cu lture, " host and Roosevelt ex-
change student Astrid Bonte ~id. 

"It' s very comforting to see that 
people are really interested in your 
country. when you feel so far away 
from home," Bonte added. 

International students from Swe-
den, New Zealand and Brazil are 
also interested in starting their own 
tables, if students show interest. 

"I would like to start a Scandina-
vian club and have good old Viking 
parties from the motherland. with 
Swedish bikini hostesses," Marshall 
junior Loris Cwyl said. 

American siudents who are con-
sidering going abroad are urged to 
consider attending the I-House lan-
guage tables. For more information. 
call Omer Kamran at 558-8130 or 
stop by the Pepper Canyon Apart-
ments office. 

have any 
plans for 

Wednesday 
and Sunday 
nights? No? 
Good. Join 

us, and 
you'll never 
be lonely 

again. 
I 5346581 
1 ...... --.......... ,1 

Monday, November 27,1995 

Lights & Sirens Is a selection of 
entries eornpiled from the log book 
of the UCSD Police Department. 

Sun., Nov. 19 
7:31 p.m.: Officers arrested a 21-
year-old female student at Scholars 
Or. and the Muir Field on an out-
standing misdemeanor warrant for 
runni", a stop sign and faili~ to 
appear. Total ball: $154. Cited & 
released at the scene. 
Mon., Nov. 20 
7:4' •• m.: A staff member reported 
the theft of six rounds of stainless 
steel and various sheets of steel 
from the Campus Research Shops. 
Loss: $5,400. 
12:11 p.m.: A student reported the 
burglary of a burgundy '86 Ford Mus-
tang from lot 102. Loss: $400. 
12:21 p.m.: A graduate student re-
ported the theft of a wallet from the 
Biomedical Library. Loss: $30. 
3:01 p.m.: A staff member suffered 
extreme vomiting at PacifIC Hall. 
Transported to Thomton Hospital by 
paramedics. 

SEARCH: 
Regents vote down 
Falk's proposal 
ContInued fnNn paee 1 
the committee's student representa-
tives. 

Former Alumni Regent Peter 
Preuss. UCSD Management Ser-
vices Officer C. David Scronce and 
UCSD Foundation President Dr. 

The UCSD Guardian 

Lights 
Sirens~ 

5:50 p.m.: A student suffered a Vista Administration building. 
sprained ankle after twisting it while Wed., Nov. 22 
playing basketball at RIMAC. Trans- 1:13 •• m.: OffICers arrested a 19-
ported to Thomton by officer. year-old male non-aftiliate, a 2().year-
7:158 p.m.: Officer's report concern- old male non-affiliate and a 22-year-
ing the possible stalking of a stu- old male non-affiliate at 1-5 and Old 
dent. Town Ave. for the burglary of two 
11:11 p.m.: Units responded to a vehicles In lot 406, the posseSSion 
burglary alarm at the General Store. of burglary tools and grand theft. 
Secured a door found ajar. Transported to County Jail. 
T ..... , Nov. 21 10:17 •• m.: A student reported the 
12:40 I.m.: OffIcers arrested a 45- burglary of a red '88 Mltsublshl pickup 
year-old male I'IOO-affIliate at the Price truck at lot 701. Loss: $200. 
Center Food Court for bel~ drunk In 10:20 •• m.: A black '82 Suzuki It» 
public. Transported to Detail. tOlC)'CIe was Involved in a slnaie-
9:00 I.m.: A student reported the party accident In lot 002. Driver suf· 
theft of a VCR from the Marshall fered a broken ankle. Sought private 
dorms. Loss: $250. treatment. 
1:45 p.m.: Parking Enforcement 11:20 •• m.: A student reported the 
towed an abandoned black '63 theft of a blue G10 Murray bike from 
Mercedes from Regents Rd. Stored kgo Hall. Unknown loss. 
at Star Towing. 2:03 p.m.: OffIcers arrested a 2~ 
8:32 p.m.: Parking Enforcement year-old male non-affiliate at 1-5 south 
towed an abandoned maroon '87 of Balbo~Ave. for the theft of a white 
Kawasaki motorcycle from lot 411. '82 Oldsmobile Cutlass from lot 102. 
Stored at Star Towin,. Transported to County Jail. Vehicle 
11:55 p.m.: A white university Dodge released to owner at scene. 
pickup truck backed into the Canyon 2:03 p.m_: Officers recovered a gray 

Monroe Trout will also serve on the lic input and student representation 
committee. on the search committee. 

Thechancellorselection process, One amendment would have in-
as mandated by the UC Board of creased the number of student rep-
Regents. is closed to public input in resentatives from two to five and 
an effort to protect the anonymity of given students Ihe same voting rights 
the candidates. as the regents and faculty commit-

The regents voted against two tee members. 
proposed changes to the chancellor The second amendment would 
selection procedure at their Novem- have allowed for private meetings 
ber meeting. The amendments. writ- belween individual candidates and 
ten by Falk, aimed to increase pub- representative groups from UCSD. 

NEWS 11 

'83 Toyota Celica stolen from lot 2:49 p.m.: SDPO located the white 
302. Stored at Star Towing. Owner '84 Honda Accord stolen from cam-
notified. pus on Nov. 22. Stored at A-Z Metro 
3:30 p.m.: A student reported the Towing. Owner not yet notified. 
tampering of a black '91 Nissan 10:57 p.m.: Officers detained a 42-
240SX at lot 702. year-old male non-affiliate at Campus 
1:00 p.m.: A student reported the Point Dr. and Genessee Ave. for beire 
theft of a blue '89 Chevrolet Subur· drunk in public. Transported to Detail. 
ban from lot 104. Loss: $15,000. FrI., Nov. 24 
1:30 p.m.: OffICers recovered a blue 2:37 p.m.: EI Cajon PO recovered the 
'86 Honda Accord stolen from lot gray '90 Horida Accord stolen from 
102. Stored at Star Towing. Owner campus on Nov. 15. Stored at 
notified. Fletcher Hills Towing. Owner not yet 
7:41 p.m.: A student reported the notified. 
theft of a white '84 Honda Accord 5:22 p.m.: SDPD Eastem DiviSion 
from lot 510. Loss: $2,000. recovered the Murray bike stolen 
Thurs., Nov. 23 from campus on Nov. 22. OWner not 
12:10 I.m.: A student reported the yet notified. 
burglary of a black '82 Toyota SUpra s.t.,Nov.25 
at lot 510. Loss: $250. 3:51 p.m.: A student reported the 
1.-00 Lm.: Officers arrested a 43- theft of a gray Motiv B21 bike from 
year-old male non-affiliate at the Chi! EBU2. Loss: $100. 
caft on a felony warrant for posses- 8:37 p.m.: OffICers arrested a 39-
sionofmarljuana. Total bail: $5,000. year-old female non-affiliate at Re-
Transported to County Jai/. gents Rd. for spousal abuse. Trans-
1:30 I.m.: A student reported the ported to Las Colinas. 
burglary of a '93 Nissan Sentra at lot - Compiled by Terry Lew 
103. Loss: $355. AuocIIte News Editor 

"The issue of confidentiality for concern about providing anonymity 
Ihe candidates was the major concern for chancellor candidates. 
over having candidates meet wilh However. Falk emphasized the 
groups on campus," Falk said. "How- necessity of increased outside input 
ever, the meetings would have been in the appointment process over the 
confidential. It 's just an excuse be- need for aJlQnymity. 
cause UCOP isn't interested in mak- "Candidates who do not qualify 
ing the process more inclusive." as finalists may seek privacy out of 

At an A.S.-sponsored forum ear- concern for Iheircareers." Falk said. 
lierthis month. UCSD Interim Chan- " Bul there s-hould be no shame in 
cellor Ma~orie Caserio and Vice coming in second or third for Ihe 
Chancellor Joe Watson expressed chancellorship. " 

SPECIAL ADVANCE SCREENING AT&T BIG GAME 
SW'EEPSTAKES 

EMMA 
THOMPSON 

KATE 
WINSLET 

SENSE~SENSIBILITY 
.,. . 

1 •••• m •••• I1 ..... UR •••• '.I\Il=II ..... ' •• 
...... IIm_ ••• III •• .,UU.'.IIII-:II .. ., •• .,.m 

_ .... __ ~ 1 ==:1 ::--.. =- -.:.:.~.:" ~ _ .tW 

Thursday, Nov. 30th 
8:00 PM 

Mandeville Auditorium 

Pick up Fr.. P ..... At 
UCSD Box Offic. 

12 Noon D.y of Show 
Pre.ented By 

University Events 

Win 1 of 4 Grand Prize Trips 
To The Big Game That Could Decide The 

College Football Champion 
~w 20 FIRST PRIZES: AT&T Telephone/Clock Radio II 

100 SECOND PRIZES: New Music CD 
250 THIRD PRIZES: T-Shirt 

MAIL IT TODAY! 
Abbreviated Rules • No Purchase Necessary . 
PrIzes: (4) Grand PrIzes: Trip for two to the January 2. 1996 college football game In Tempe. AZ. 
ApprOximate Retail Value (ARV) = $3500 ea. (20) First Prizes: AT&T TelephonetClodl Radio (ARV=S43). (1 00) Second 
Prizes: Compact Disc (ARV=S12). (250) Third Prizes: T-Shirt (ARV=$8). ln the event a winner ca/1notbe contacted or take 
the trip on designated travel dates, he or she wililorfeit the prize and an alternate winner will be named. Sweepstakes slbject 
to full official rules which may be obtained by serdng a stamped seIf·addressed .10 envelope lor receipt by 12131 /95 to: 
AT&T Big Game SWeeps1aIIes Rules, P.O. Box 3065, Milford, CT0646O-2088. Open to legal US residents 18 years 01 age 
or older. Void in Florida and where prohibited. Odds of winning depend on the number 01 eligible entries received. 
Two WIys To Enter: Complete the official entry form available in your college newspaper or at one of the Premiere moyie 
screenings 01 SenseandSensbility. You ~ giYethecompietedolficiai entry lorm, ora plain 3' x 5' piece 01 paper induding 
your: han9 printed name. home and school addresses. correspondi'og ZIP codes. e-mail address. school name and 
telephone number where you ca/1 be reached on the date of the drawing (12118195) to one 01 the student representatives 
at the 5Creenilor mail ~ to be received by 12115195 to: 

AT&T Ig Game Sweepstakes, P.O. Box 3500, Milford, CT 06460-2088 

-------~~~~~~~~-------P10asePnnl MIll to: AT&T BIg GImI S'lllIp ...... P.O. Box 3500, MIfonI. CT 06481).2018 
EntrieI must be receiwcl by 12115195 

Name (First, Last) ____________ _ 
Home Address ______ _ ______ _ 
City _____ __ State _ _ Zip ____ _ 
School Address ________ ____ _ 
City _ ___ _ _ _ State __ Zip ____ _ 
E-mail Address 

----------------------------------

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

School Name I 
Phone number where I can be reached I 

L-_. __ ~_ .. N.:-!-=I11:.;;=-;,;;:_;;.;~;,;,~=S;,;~:.' D_E_·_-__ ~_I ._.;..Y!l_c_o~_ .. _·_l._ .. _I!I_h_.~_'-_,._oo_- ~_O_ll_l!l_"_-_-__ -_e-_"-___ !~!!e.2!2~~n~ ~ ~ ~~ i. __ 1 __________ J 



12 

T H E WE E 
IS AlWAYS LOOKING FOR ILLUSTRATIONS AND 

PHOTOGRAPHER WHO CAPTURES THE ESSENCE OF 
CENTER A. YOU WILL BE 

ACADEMIC SERVICES 
OngoIng 

'The OASIS lM1guage Program provides free tutoring 
assistance to students whose native language Is not En-
glish and to those doing work in Spanish, French, and 
Mandarin. A diagnostic test written English Is available 
on request. Call: 534-n07 for more infOrmation, or drop 
by our office in Center Hall, Level 3. 
·fhe OASIS Writing Center is a free service for UCSD 
students. We offer individual writing conferences for any 
type of writing project- papers, ~nal statements and 
creative writing. C&l1534-1707 for an appointment or drop 

~y our office In Center Hall, Level 3. 
HEALTH AND FITNESS 

Ip~ram.of 
help you clarllfy your 

Information, come to Career 
dally. Admission: $10.00 

AND RECREATION 
Ongoing 

In celebration of Ifte Yam Festival of 
Nov.7-Dec: 2. Tues-Fri.: 10:00-5:00, 
the Grove Gallery. 534-2021 

fun sessions every Friday, starting 
In the Activity Room "2 at RIMAC. 

1\Maday. Nov. 28 
BebI Chapter presenting "Mystery 

programs are subtitled in 
Is free. Solis 107 @7:30 pm 

21- Wednad8y, Nov. 2tI 
f".II.IIhl .... ilnd accesorf8s, walllhaIllQIr1 
Milltng copper. 

inoltngA. 

Nov. 21- s.turd8y, Dec. 2 
_1ft!1II"" in celabralion of the Y.m 

Tuea.-Fri. 10:00-6:00 

Monday, November 27,1995 The UCSD Guardian OPINION 13 

COMMENTARY: The departure of former Gen. Colin Powell from the 1996 political landscape leaves few desir-
able choices for president - incumbent or otherwise 

ELECTION '96: THE USUAL SUSPEcrs 
By Peter Chen. 
Sen/or Staff Writer 

It takes i "fire in the belly" and 
a certain "calling I do not yet 
hear," he said. 

To witness Colin Powell's Nov. 
15 speech turning down any 
possiblity of his 1996 presidential 
candidacy, one might come to the 

con~lusion that the office of the 
president held some special, if not 
sacred, standing. In a single press 
conference, Powell unsealed the 
envelope to the question looming 
large in the minds of both fellow 
candidates and voters alike, and 
answered "no." 

The media whirlwind, the re-
lentless speculations by political 
pundits around the nation, the 
book tour - all for naught. The 
most talked-about presidental 
candidate thus far told the world 
that, after careful deliberation and 
soul searching, he will not ' be a 
candidate nor be a running mate 

for the election. Only a f~w 
months before, snide political col-
umnists snickered that the only 
thing keeping Powell popular was 
that he has taken no public posi-
tions on devisive issues. But the 
reluctant general maintained a 
dignity with his unwavering de-
cision not to run which showcased 
his quiet appeal. 

And in an age of high-tech 
mudslinging - where political 
campaigns quickly escalate into 
shrill mutual accusations of "run-
ning a smear campaign" and then 
predictably end with demands by 
each party to "get to the issues" 
- it is easy to see how Powell 
drew his considerable support. 

Regardless of voter senti-
ments, his stolid, gentle manner 
reflects a fineness of spirit so of-
ten missing in modern political 
discourse. Even after publication 
of his book, the predicted tumble 
in Powell's .polls never material-

The reluctant 
........ I ..... ntalned 
a dl,..ny with his 
unwaverlne decision 
not to run which 
showcased his quiet 
appeal. 
ized. What the political colum-
nists clearly failed to understand 
was the populace's pent-up de-

mand for a principled leader in an 
arena overpopulated with egoma-
niacs and special-interest whores 
masquerading as guardians of 
public interest. 

It has become avant garde of 
late among the quasi -intellectual 
community to dismiss popular 
opinion and adopt a contrarian 
stance IS a means to distance 
themselves from the hoi poW that 
teem beneath them. The current 
crop of "political analysts," in 
their critique of Powell as being 
merely "just a populist" and not a 
"real" politican, did not disap-
point. Curiously, when pressed to 
defend the remaining canidates, 
few, if' any, can offer a compel-

Iin~ case for anyone. Even a cur-
sory examination of the hamsters 
vying for our vote in 1996 is 
enough to see why. 

Rounding up the usual sus-
pects, we find a few perennial 
stalwarts and wet-behind-the-ears 

challangers all battlling for free 
rides on Air Force One: 
Bob Dole 

The best thing that could be 
said of Dole is that his scathing 
and oftentimes cruel wit speaks 
volumes about what is wrong with 
the Republican Party. "Fire in the 
belly"? As a third-time contestant 
in the pageant that the American 
political system has become, he 
wins points only for persistance. 
Phil Gram", 

One might hope that Dole is an 
abbe ration in an otherwise upbeat 
and happy party - but such hopes 
are quickly dashed by the shenani-
gans proffered by Gramm, whose 
mission seems to match Dole of 
money and meanness, and beat 
him on conservativism. 
Pat Buchannan 

There must exist a heavenly 
decree somewhere that demand 
public political figures by the 

See SHAUOW, Page 14 

Apply to be the Guardian Associate 
Features Editor 

DEADLINE: Nov. 29th 
-~~ Fm c.,...lr.ion on! initial ............ 525 value. 
Fiat·ri ... c1ima cnly W'trh.hIs.t. Exp. 12/1/95. 

1/2 block 
(romVCSD 
Rtl.uin,(, 

EYIIRO.' 
u"um 

CHII 
IECK 

WIOERUIIS 
IUASIS 

STO.'CH 
11111' lIlE 

FrimdI, fll&! RS ]I) .' 1~~~S ~J/~ lexander's 
ELECTROLYSiS (/ Skin Care Clinic 
J21Z IDLlIII CT •• 211 

Ll JILL. C'.PlIIATE CEITEII 
( ... 110 MoIo1 St4Iion) 558-0888 

INTENSIVE 
MClrCOURSE 

MAYBE 
HAZARD.S 

TDYOUR 
._ LIF ¥ 

THE 
PRINCETON 
REVIEW 

You are cordially Invited to attend the dedication of 

GEISEL LIBRARY 
Friday, December 1, 1995 

10:30 a.m. - Refreshments 
11:00 a.m. - Dedication 

Forum Level - Library 
1111 l.I"l' 01 II1l kJl1L'l1t \\l'.lth~r - Prill' ( eJlll'r 1'.1II roolllI 

111 (Yes, Ill!) Hours of 
LNE Instruction and Testing 

Over 2,000 pages of up-
to-date materials 

Highly trained instructors 

EyeS/asses 
IncIucIoo quoIIy _ one! 
tr_.lIrgI_. Singjo 

~ooa:~39 .. 2.00"". ·tP 
_ ... 811. 

AI_ .......... _ : 
._.c:.. ... ~_ 
.--........ _ ....... 000 
. .."..,..,.-.-~...,., . 
• 1IItng.... . 

Of. llerille CoheR, D.O. 
c/.., Opt_lrIst til UCSD 

4150 REGENTS PARK Row Sn. l60 
L, Joll. lint ....... "", ..... .".. 

54'6-1000 

( 0 U P 0 N r----------- ------------
: MICROBREW SAMPLER '00$3 (reg. $6.(0) ! Caduceus Science Review 

software 

Average score improvement: 
6.5 points (verified by Roper-
Starch Worldwide) 

(800) 2-REVIEW 
(619) 558-0500 

I Set of 6 51/.-0%. glasses of weekly brew I I ~~~~~~_m_ I 

HAPPY HOUR · $1.50 10-oz. beers· $7 48-oz. pitchers prlc~s $~ STUFT Stix • ~O( Buffalo Wings 
DEL MAR STUFT PIZZA 
12840 Carmel Country Rd, 
San Diego, CA 92130 I 

Rd. 
The PriDceIon Review it not affilill.ed with Princeton U. or m. 481-51Un ::; 



f 

f • 

14 OPINION The UCSD Guardian Monday, Novem~r 27,1995 

SHALLOW: action decision). Enough said. Of P ............ around and rewind bim before strongest and most compelling case 
Pool of candidates course, if he does run, we can ._eat ........ ..., continuing. Heir to tbe Forbes for- is that he is not any ofthe other can-have fun trying to get him to say tune and son of late Malcolm didates. Clinton has both stalwart 
shows little promise "hymie" again. of the Pow.11 Forbes, this whelp is lucky his fa- and unyielding spirit of a born 
for 1996 As the only candidate capable decision, Clinton'. ther is not alive to see the spec- leader- but enough about Hilary. 

of inspiring reams of political car-
_.,... .. and most tacle his son is making himself. While earning a "waffle" icon from Continued from .,... 13 toons with a single speech, we ROMP.rot liberal cartoonist Garry Trudeau in 

name of "Pat" defend and cham- hope Jackson doesn ' t drop out - compelll ... ca •• I. During the 1992 campaign, he Doonesbury, Clinton remains firm 
pion the extremes of the political o therwise we might just sleep that he Is not any of played the fresh, reform-minded on one position: He's always been parties they belong to. From Pat through the entire campaign. Then outsider patriot. Now, it is 1996, strongly in favor of himself being 
Buchannan, Pat Robertson to Pat again , given the probable level of the other and that image has changed into president for another term. 
Schroder, it is clear that having a debate that would be played be- candidateL the old, ratchet-jawed billionare, With the dog-and-pony show first name " Pat" in politics is fore us, s leep might not be that quite a few beans short of an en- we will inevitably witness when 
about as lethal as having a last bad a thing. political consultants, hitting ev- chilada. the political clowns duel for the 
name of "Hitler." St.ve Malcolm Forbes ery hot-button trigger word on And lest we forget , our es- presidency, the only thing left for 
...... J.ckson Anyone catch Forbes on a re- cue so mechanically. teemed leader: sensible adults to do is turn off the 

The Rainbow Coalition. " Ig- cent CNN poll? One can almost One wonders if Larry King PrnIdent CUnton television and cast your vote for 
noring race is racist" comment imagine, word-for-word, the would have to halt the interview Perhaps the greatest beneficiary the only candidate that makes 
(after the UC regents ' affirmative- coaching he 's been given from his balfway through, turn Forbes of the Powell decision, Clinton 's sense - the Libertarian. 

Apply to be the Guardian Associate Features Editor: DEADLINE: 
Send resume and clips to: Tedd Ladd, Editor in chief 

UCSD Guardian, 9500 Gilman Drive 0316, La Jolla, CA 92093 

................ 
.......... -
....... ""-" ......... 
-_._ .. -.._ ... 
... ....... -~ 
•••••• ..r-"'-..... 

Hours; 

Mond.y, Frid.y & 
.nmt. y-9.m-6pm 

Tuesday, Wednesday & 
Thursd.y-9.m-8pm 

For appointmeDt call, 

457·3334 
8843 Villa La Jolla Drive · La Jolla Village Cenler 

INa, Ralphs ~ 50"",1 

[)o you re"l\"le ANhelJ5er-V,v5c.n V5e5 OVer 
5.000 w'ork~r5 to !urrJ outr'\Ore{hAt4 ~OO,OOO 
bArrels of beer Ad "',,/, while. PortlANd 
BreWiNG CotA.p/1\NY IJ)e5 M,Ll ioN5 of worker5 
to furN out jU5t 140 bArn~L5 14. dA,? 

---. 

~ ~ 

(rood thi ~ w~ work che-'lp-

..::...... H ere's Ihe new beer that 's causing a lot of talk , Br~wed wit h a touch 
~ of O regon dover honey, not so much for sweetness as fo r crispness_ A 
delicious success . I n bonle., a nd on dra ug ht . F rom . who else? Oregon 's 

mos t in pired beercrafte;, I I I I \ I , 

P ordand B rewing C ompan y. 
I . \ \ ( ). \\ I \ \ 

B "",' wt n s C o mp .tn y. P ur tl ... n rl . O r l' son 

• 

.----------------.---------------------------.~ 

NOV. 29th 
GUARDIAN OPINION. 

CALL US. 
534,6582 

, 

early you 
get 
started 
ona 
project, it 
always , 
comes 
down to 
beating 
the clock. 

full-color copies· 
~. 

up to , off 
color calendars 

/. copies 
on self-serve copies 

is limited to one coupon per customer: Coupon must be prHented lIfIe 
this offtr into Kinko', u )olio on<! po)' J¢ ..m lor self-.. "" cop!... kinko 

01 purchase . nd Is not .... id with other oIfors. 'hIid at 1G0000', Lo • 
Coupon void .-M", prohibited by low. No c.ash ....... , Oller u",._ I.-__ L offi~ 

IS, 19'15. IVUl unliJUI "" 

ki I. • 8849 Villa La Jolla nftO~ in the La Jolla Village Center 
----457-3775 Your branch office IS San Diego Locations to Serve You 

Open 24 hours, 7 days a week 

Monday, November 27, 1995 The UCSD Guardian 

REEK· 

~i1., 

TEST PREP? LSAT, MCAT, GRE 
UCSD Chooses KAPLAN. 
1-800-KAP· TEST 

S 
in 

e-r·· 
o.s·1 

Greek Columns is a UCSD Student Media Organization, Greek Columna· Unlvefslly of California, San Diego· Price Center oon • La Jolla, CA 92093 
Gl'eeIc Columns is partially funded by ASUCSD and II a periodic Guardian IUppiemem- Views expre8SEId are not necessarily those of ASUCSD Of the Guardian,' 

1S 

.. 

1 



16 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian ~onday,Nov~r27, 1995 

Troy Aikman Is: 
.) a football pi.,., 
b) an undefeated sumo wrutl_ 
c) a prime contend., for the America'. Cup 
d) the 37·1 10'" shot In thl. yea,'. Kentucky Derby 

If you chose A, there might be a 
place for you In the GuardIan sports 
department. otherwl.e, there'. 
alwa,. opinion. So call Sean. Now. 
&34-&&&2 

RIMAe 
SupeICompuler Center _ . .-It 
UNEX goo~ ..... 
Institute of the AmerIcaa ~v­
Gilman Drive Info BooIh 
T orray Pines Center 
No. T.P. Info BooItt 
SIO Ubrary 
Snaclcropoh, SIO 
Neuremberg Hall, SIO 
Thornton HoI!:!. ~~ 
St. Germain's 
EITorito 
cal Copy 
BJ's Pizzeria 
Kinko'. 
Ralphs 
Garden State Bagel 
Vans 
P..-:hlno'. 
La Jolla Del Sol 
Albertson's 
Soup Exchange 

• SWWay 
Ben & Jerry's 
Zebra Copy 
Stella Bella 
Koala Yogurt 
Cos1a Verde car Wash 
La Salsa 
Rubio's 
Taco Bell 
Java HcltMe 
News Etc. 

You are not a DlOoch. But when 
a hole In your pocket renders you changeless, 

Beans 

Subway -~ 
RobeI1o's ----

you rei u eta n t I y call the folks collect. 
You dial 1 800 CALL ATT. 

Your pangs of" guilt are rrzin irrza I. 

Know the Code. 1800 CALL ATT. That's Your True Choice:" 

• AnaT 
Your True Choice 

Iomv'a Ga!& 
• .. . w.._C' ..... 
---_--..-.. -_. 

Hcue 01 NaIinI Fooda 
La Jolla PubIc LInry~ 
BaIIimor. Bagel .• .oM 

~. ~~~~~ 
PMnIIdn ~ "-
7-11 (La JoIIII BMI.) 

~'s 
StarbucIca 
AmbIIInce CUI . 
ZanzI)ar ~ 
CaleCrema ~ 
7-11 
Quikeon-
Soup Exchange 
DnIgonHouM ~ 
M.B.Tan ~ 
M.B. Laundry 
Million Coffee Hcue 

Ben &. 'rrls ~ 
RobeI1I. Taco Shop • . . 
RlceKiog .." 
BIIIIII'nore Bagel ~...­
Red Robin W""" 

~~~ 
The LMng Room 
...... Time Call ..". 
- 0'. PIzza . .-IfIll"" LIIIo'I etc. \JP"""-

Ben'~ 
TheSludy 
e.-Roma 
Eupharta c.IIt 
UCSO Med Or. 
CMI Ft'oIMge 
D sa ". UCID 1 .. ltll • 

~y,November27, 1995 

CLIMB: 
ContIn ..... from ..... J.9 
struclor at Clusified- Fitness in 
Northern Calif~rnia. "They're lift-
ing weights and everything, but 

IlIImigration 
Penonallniur, 
Business & 
Real Estate Law 

I 

INTERNATIONAL lAW et al 
'7lt Worl4's Mtntl/111U'1G1iw lAw FinII" 
(619) 234-VISA (8472) 
Keep this ad for a 
free consultation 

you jump in here and it's a differ-
ent world. A lot of it is hand, joint 
and ligament strength." 

"There's a lot of muscles you 
don't even think about being used," 
Barnett added. 

The UCSD Guardian 

Once you pin the strength re-
quired to cling to walls like a reaI-
life version of Spiderman, indoor 
training can be used to improve body 
positioning during climbing. 

Myou practice what holds you 

can do in a certain position, and 
your body learns what's goinl to be 
most efficient," Ball said. "It's all 
engrained in your mind. " 

With that knowledge in hand, 
many climbers venture from the 
gyms into the great outdoors. But 
Ball strongly recommended either 
lessons at an indoor climbing gym 
or the company of a certified guide 
for anyone attempting to climb out-
doors. 

Mlndoors, it's fairly obvious 
where you're supposed to go," Ball 
said. "But outdoors, you're using 
holds that aren't really there and 
you have more variables to deal 
with, as far as what's going to 
break and what isn't. You don't 
want to learn climbing by trial and 
error. " 

However, if you are the coura-
geous sort who is looking for a thrill, 
climbing indoors could be the per-

H.""", tOUCh: Climbers 
quickly discover that to 
maintain their strength, it is 
important to rest with anns 
extended, no matter how 
awkward the position seems. 

Because 
all-nighters 
arent alwayS 

spent in 
the library. 

VISA 
~ 
~~us~ 

SPORTS 17 

feet fint step toward a life 011 the 
edge of America's cliffs. 

"[Climbing in tbe gym] is like 
liftiDg weights. Yo,,'re building 
muscles, your hand strength aDd 
all that good stuff in [preparation 
for outdoors]," Seefeld said. "You 
want to be able to hike farther up 
the ridge. It all goes back to that 
same adrenaline junkie kind of 
stuff. It's a character-builder, I 
think." 

Before you run to your nearest 
climbing retailer, be forewarned that 
taking up this latest of sporting crazes 
requires a bit of an initial invest-
ment. A harness, shoes and chalk 
bag, which are the most basic re-
quirements, could set you back $200. 

But once you overcome those 
initial fees, climbing in the gym 
costs only as much as a lesson and 
your monthly membership. VHCC 
can get you started with a personal 
lesson for $25. 

If you have seven or more friends 
who would like to join you, the cost 
is only $15 per person and would 
include a lesson and a day in the 
gym with harnesses and shoes pro-
vided . 

It's every'\Nhere 
you want to be 

.. ' 

1', 



18 SPORTS The UCSD Guardiu 
Monday, November 27,1995 

nyone who watched last 
summer 's " Extreme 
Games" on ESPN knows 
that football, basketball and 
baseball are no longer the 
only options for the athleti-

cally minded young (and young at heart) of 
this nation. This alternative-sports extrava-
ganza opened the ey.es of many a sports fa-
natic by revealing a whole new breed of 
sporting events, which had previously been 
played around the world in relative anonym-
ity. 

Among the new "drugs" created to satisfy 
the needs of the average sports addict is in-
door rock climbing - and like its alternative 
brethren, it has benefitted from the recent 
boost in publicity gained from the airing of the 
"Extreme Games." 

Indoor climbing 
is one of a new 

breed of 
alternative sports ~. 

sweeping the 
nation 

(V HCC). located just a few minutes awa.y 
from UCSDon Miramarroad. Thestaffofthls 
facility has been witness to the rapidly rising 
popularity of the sport. 

" I worked here last year, and on a Friday 
night, there were maybe 10 people here," 
instructor and 12-year c1imbing veteran Sean 
Aidukus said. "Bul climbing is getting more 
air time. You see it in commercials now and 
then, and business is definitely growing." 

That is apparent to anyone who walks into 
VHCC on a Friday night - or any other night 
of the week for that matter - as climbers of 
all ages and abilities swarm over the specially 
created walls. which abound in the ware-
house-tumed-climbing-gym. A few years ago, 
it would have been a unique sight. But, climb-
ing gyms are no longer an anomaly. 

"When I first started climbing, it was like 
'Oh, wow, you can climb indoors. Lets go 
check it out' ," VHCC instructor Graham Ball 
explained. "Indoor climbing has really come 

Gut check: Muir freshman Randy Merritt's express~n (abo~) shows that making 
your way across a traverse at the Vertical Hold gym IS no piece of cake. 
Cornered: Climbers at the VHCC have many types of walls to contend with (left). 
into vogue in t he past couple of years, though. 
When I began climbing indoors, there were 
five or six gyms in the whole country. Now, 
there are a hundred or so." 

The multitude of new climbing gyms plays 
host to a wide range of climbers, who come 
for an equally wide range of reasons. 

See CUMB, Page 19 
One of two San Diego-area gyms created 

for this challenging new stab at 9O's sports-
manship is the Vertical Hold Climbing Center 

S-tory by Dan HlI.N PhoCos by Chuck Mauwen 

K2 Fat Bob 
K2 Juju 
HOOGER Holzman '48 
HOOGER Basich '50 
Pill AssortecJ models & sizes 

$340 
$299 
$340 
$340 
$240 

lIIE1fU"f 
Suits from $59 • Full Suits from $104 

'26D 
'IIJIJ 
'mo 
'2fIIJ!,!,, __ .-t 

CALIFORNIA !iIJRF-N-§PORT 

IISII-IIS"" 
619 PEARL ST. LA JOLLA 

Wednesday Nigbt is llCSD NIC HT $1- BEERS B:30TOCtOSE 
fREE POOL TABLE tlOOI~ROO'o\ 

MONDAY-FIIDAY 
HAPPY BOUR 4-6 
~O" OFF All APPETIZERS & $ 2 PNTS 
AnlNnON All 

UCSD SrUDINrS: 
make lA JOllA ....... 

JOur fa,orile pub for 
handualffd beer and 

Ooodfood! 

• 

_~SfiiNl[.jllll~~!.....~ 
.. .FL ~ tA.IoUA __ IS 

YOU! c..ns • ......." 
EVERY SlH)AY WE OPEN IJ 101M WIJH 

IIIII.an .. eWl, •• 1111 
00 1 PM & U .. III. u_. 

AlONG WITH _"" .. __ 
C",..,., ICMf AND.",., .... 

... Iff,,''''' 

Moaday, November 27, 1995 

CLIMB: Indoor 
sport grows rapidly 
ContInued from PllCe 18 

"The regulars are usually training 
for climbing in gyms, and some people 
are training for the outdoors. And then 
there ate some people that are just in it 
for a cheap thrill," Aidukus said. 

That thrill is derived mostly from 
hanging by your fingertips 25 feet 
off the ground on a vertical or, more 
difficult yet, inclined wall with only 
a nylon rope for support and strong 
faith in your partner below to keep 
you going in the proper direction. 
Although this is the standard variety 
of indoor climbing, there is also an-
other type of training which has" 
proven popular. 

This alternate climbing method is 
called bouldering, and it is performed 
on smaller, man-made walls which 
are only 10 feet off the ground at their 
highest point. In bouldering, climbers 
travel more laterally than vertically, 
as they practice forthetypeoffreelance 
climbing they will face outdoors. Af-
ter talking to many of the climbers at 
VHCC, this is the type of climbing 
many are trying to perfect. 

Among those seeking to improve 
their outdoor skills were Muir fresh-
men Matt Seefeld, Randy Merritt and 
Tyler Barnett, who were among the 
clientele present when my photogra-
pher and I ventured into the Vertical 
Hold gym. 

"I started when I was 14. My friend 
took me to [agym],and I was hooked," 
Seefeld said. "I messed around in-
doors, had a great time, met the right 
connections, and - next thing you 
know -I was in Yosemite." 

"I'm into a lot of outdoor activi-

The UCSD Guardian 

Pick. crtp: Climbers battle their way up an inclined wall (above). 
Hooked up: VHCC instructor Sean Aldukus demonstrates the proper 
method of be!aying a fellow climber (right). 

ties," Barnett, a newcomer to the sport, 
explained. "And these guys were so 
excited about [climbing] that I had to 
come down here and try it out. Now, I 
can't wait to go to Joshua Tree [Na-
tional Park]. When you ' re out in na-
ture, it's just you and the elements, 
and that 's what it 's all about." 

For both Ball and Aidukus, work-
ing in the gym has become a way of 
staying close to the outdoors. as well 
as the sport they thrive on. 

"I just love being outdoors," 
Aidukus said, "and it's really a chal-
lenging sport. You can always find 
something at a higher level that you 
can't do. So it's a self-improvement 
thing, and it's a thrill." 

"Working here is great because I 
can have a place to train and 1 can deal 

with something I'm really interested 
in," Ball agreed. "I want to stay close 
to the outdoor industry because its a 
growing area, and it's where 1 like to 
be." 

However, as one quickly discovers 
upon attempting to scale one of the 
many walls at the VHCC, developing 
the skills to eventually climb outdoors 
is a lot harder than it looks. As in the 
case of many sports, the pros make it 
look so easy that it is often hard to 
believe it takes any skill at all. How-
ever, climbing - whether it be in-
doors or out - takes tremendous 
amounts of skill, strength and endur-
ance. 

"You can tell these guys are in 
good shape," said Seefeld, an in-

See CUMB, Page 17 

SPORTS 19 

SERVING UCSD for 15YEARS! 
HB 12 min. /rom UCSD If i on UifVIIII RI»d i> -0 ~ 

• ;:aATHFlNDE~_ 

{Q1'Q.ktJ ~\L.~S 
.~ 

• 
5. Check and replenish all nuid 
and oil levels 
6. Adjust dwell angle 
7. Check brakes 

35-point Major Service Special 
E1dnI fw fwllnjecfwI. Our fMjor tun.-up Inclui».: 
I. eon.weuion leat 
2. V .... adj..unent 
....--

" . AdjuSl timing 
12. Adjutl dweM angle 
13. AdjuSl CB/bufetOt 

20. Lube "0111 end 
21 . ChecI< & replenish all 
fluid & oil levels 

...... ,10 
28. Check and recharge batteries 
2V. Rotate tires (ff .-ded) 

3. VeNe cover galket 
r-nHdedJ 
4. Sp.tI plugs, 
5. Diltributor points. 
6. Condensors, 
7. Air fittef, 
8 . 0iI1ilt8f, 
II. Gas fb" .net 
10. Engn oil 

14. AdjuSlail & fuel ralOo 
mbrture 
15. AdjuSl Sleering box 
16. AdjuSl clutch 
17. Adjuat brakes 
18. Adjust emergency 
brake. 
19. ChecI< & adjust 
elCPOMd be.s 

22. Check electrical 
fuses 
23. ChecI< fer kx*I & 
lost bob 
24. Check brakes 
25. Check clulc:ll 
26. Check IighIs 
'l7 . Check undercarriege 
fer damage 

30. Check l ire Pfeuure 
31 . Lube door hinges 
32. Check all holders 
33. Check cooling system & hoses 
34. Check exhaUII syilem 
35. Road leat 
.... ! .. ~.,. ...... T..-
...... ----_. 
-----$159* Complete Clutch Job Brake Job Special $34* ...... 

_,.....: I. Tr __ ~ __ 

2. _1'1* 5. 1'IIcI~ 3. CUd! cite: 6 __ oil 
4.~~ 7. __ 

-...-----...... _. 
'-. ................. 

Frwrt .N« .... Job ""*"-: 
I . _ --' MW pedo or 5. __ • tor .... oy.-n 
_,.. tnIoo _ 6 . ....... front (8 ~) end 
2. Or .. old .".... _ ,.. "-
3. I~ -.- toydnIuIi<: 7. R.,.- irani , __ (K 
.,.... _ .un) 4. _1IydraMc _ e. __ 

~------------------~---------
..... -

Timing Belt S ecial $79* 
1hnd .......... AIk .... our epecIli. on ....... AI our work .... 2.,..-

ar ........ 1ImIIId ..... Ily. AI prtcee Include parts Ind labor. 0_-& 8008 Miramar Rd. 
lid .1Iu. AIPI'1 695.1990 

• • • • • • 6. .tIII.IlE'-"". Cllltar II I •••• tt 
. " ,., .:,." ;,,;, :'. d·'.' Open Saturday. 

.. 
~; 

. ". 

SDIU I 
SDSU 

THIS WEDNESDAY' 

W.4- Noy 29 • 6:1t & 9:00 • _ .. _ Hall 
SAN DIIGO 

THr- Nt. 30 • 6:00 , t:tO • Spreckels THItn 
FrI- D.e 1 • 6:30 , 9:30 • Spreckels nHtr. 

... ENCINITAS 
Stlt- Dec' • 6:00' ':00 • LI "". THllr. 

SII- he 3 • 2:00, 5:" & 1:00 • LI 'II ... TII"lr. 

TkbIs ..... at r ........ SIiIded Sport ChaIIt sIanS .. the ""* box offirI. 

• ::;C;: _ .. .... b . . .. , .... ~ • •••••••••••• 

. \ 

~ .. 

.-

. -... ... . 



20 CLASSIFIEDS 

InIereIIed i't IludyIng In • non-
!JJ8Aem CXU1try but conc:emed 
about how to pay for It? Wei, 
Uncle Sam (U.S. Government) Is 
offering N.S.E.P. (National 
Security Education Program) 
Scholarships (up to $8000/ 
semester & up to $16,OOO/year) 
Come by Programs Abroad Office 
to pickup an application ASAP 
(the deadline is Jan. 10).(11/27· 
11/30) 
College Democrats meeting 
Tuesday, November 28, 7:30pm, 
Gallery B, Price Center. Contact 
David (453·6654) 
cducsd~ucsd.edu for 
information. (11/27) 
Scholarship Locaters· We will 
locate sources of free money for 
you. Guaranteed results. Free 
information. 689-0905 (11 /16-2/ 
12) 
Phlebotomy/Blood Drawing 
Course. Boston Reed Co. 1·800· 
201-1141. Stable Registered 
Institution #2800291. Student 
[HSCCMJnt. (11~·11/30) 
Grants and scholarships are 
available. Billions of dollars in 
grants. Qualify immediately. 1-
800·243·2435 (1-800-AID-2· 
HELp). (10/26-2/15) 

E\I PIJ)\ ' \1 1-:,\ '1' 
Andataco-Computer Sales. New' 
Sales division of a $100 million 
local corporation is interviewing 
for part/full time entry level 
openings; as well as for full time 
salaried career positions. Starting 
pay is $8.00 per hour for entry 
level. Sales experience helpful 
but not required. .Training 
provided. 682·7080. (11/27-11/ 
30) 
Internet· HIML programmers. 
Expertise in latest netscape 
extensions, Adobe Acrobat, 
multimedia development, design 
experience. Fax resume for 
appointment. WOTW 453-5518 

The UCSD Guardian 

CLASSIFIEDS 
Cwsi[lt!d advertuing is sold ill 2O·word iltcremelllS. Tire rate per 20 words is $2 for stlUlellLS (for 
persOlUlI use only), $3 for faculty and staff and $<I for otlters. Paytrlt!nl ;11 adWlllce u required; 
therefore, ads must be fMued with a cited (made J'Gyable to UCSD Guardian) or presemed in person. 
Deadli1lt!s are 3 p.nt. Thursday for Morul4y's issue, and 3 p.m. Monday for Thursday's issue. TIte 
Guardian reserves the right to refuse any advertising including but not limited to companionship ads. 
For more information call 534-5416. Mailing address: UCSD Guardian, Ann: Classi/ieds, 9500 
GilfMn Drive, 0316, La Joll4, CA 92093.(J316. Actual location: Student Center A, top floor. 

(11/27-11130) 
Graphics artists, Designers + 
Creative Directors needed for 
Internet magazine. Highly 
experienced, computer literature. 
CalI/fax resume. WOTW 453· 
5518 (11/27·11130) 
Editor/Proofreader, Writer for 
Intemet magazine. Knowledge 
of Mexico, Latin America, the arts, 
culture a plus! Fax resume! 
WOTW 453-5518 (11/27-11/30) 
FoodserviersJhostess needed for 
part time, work experience 
preferable but not necessary. 
Mexican restaurant located Del 
Mar Highlands Town Center, 
comer Del Mar Heights Rd.1E1 
camino Real opposite Edwards 
Cinema. Apply in person or call 
for interview. 792·2226 (11/20-
11/30) 

hour plus gas paid. Call Dean 
Bauer 755-1501 ext 337. (11/20-
11130) 
Eam great income in the travel 
indUstry. Part·time. Flexible hrs. 
$700 commission per sale. Now 
accepting- Call Adrian 689-6433. 
(11/16-1/8) 
$500 weekly mailing circulars. 
Send SASE to: The Mailing Circuit 
8117 Manchester Suite 197 Playa 
del Rey, CA 90293 (11/16·11/30) 
Articulate, enthusiastic students 
wanted to help raise money for 
UCSD. $6Ihr. + bonus. Contact 
UCSD Telephone Outreach 
Program ~ (619) 535-1433. (11/ 
6-11/30) 
Need cash? Domino's Pizza is 
now hiring drivers at many of our 
locations. Become a part of the 
world's largest pizza delivery 

Two part time positions avail: company. DrIvers can earn up to 
1)Computer Graphics Design- $12/hr., must be 18, with valid 
skilled in Adobe illustrator and driver's license, insured vehide, 
Photoshop, Quart< Express, Mac good driving record. Call our La 
expel lei tee desirable. 2)C++, Per1 ' Jolla (619) 452-8273 or Del Mar 
Scripting, HTML, UNIX desirable. (619) 794-2929 stores for more 
Fax resume to (619)642-2024. . info. EOE. (11/6-11/30) 
(11/20-11/27) NATIONAL PARKS HIRING-
"Guy Friday·, multi-talented Positions are now available at 
young man to help in Old Del Mar National parks, Forests & Wildlife 
with homework supervision, Preserves. Excellent benefits + 
driving children, their fun-time, bonuses! Call: (206) 545-4804, 
and errands. Weekdays 2:00- ext. N59761 . (11/2-11/30) 
5:30 and occasional weekends. 
Must have sense of humor, big 
heart, own car, strong swimming 
skills, and references. $5 per 

Student Works Painting is hiring 
Branch Operators forthe summer 
of 1996. Duties include: 
Marketing/Sales/Production 

Management. Avg. summer 
earnings, $8,000. Yes, we hire 
now for next summer. Call 1-800-
394-6000. (10/26-1/18) 
------------------~, 
Travel abroad and wor1< - Make 
up to $25·45/hr. teaching 
conversational English in Japan, 
Taiwan or South Korea. No 
teaching background required. 
For info call: (206) 632-1146, ext. 
J59761. (9/19-11/30) 
Alaska Jobs - Fishing industry. 
Eam to $3,OOO-$6,OOO+/mo. + 
benefits. Male/Female. No 
experience necessary. (206) 545-
4144, ext. ~9761. (9/19-11/30) 
Cruise ships Now Hiring - Earn 
up to $2,OOO+/mo. working on 
cruise ships or land-tour 
companies. World travel . 
Seasonal and FT employment 
available. No experience 
necessary. For more info call 
(206) 634-00468, ext. C59761. (9/ 
19-11130) 
$1750 weekly possible mailing 
our circulars. No experience 
required. Begin now. For info call 
(301) 306-1207. (9/19-11/30) 
Win conSistently at Craps! 
Proven method! FUll-time 
professional gambler/author 
shares secrets. Get started for 
little money! Easily understood, 
comprehensive manual. This 
will change your life/ $19.95 + 
$4 S&H, P.O. Box 2155, 
Stateline, Nevada 89449. (916) 
573-2425. (9/19-11/30) 

:t: THE U NIVERSITY OF SAN DIEGO 
@ S CHOOL OF BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION cordially invites you to an OPEN HOUSEwith 

introductions by 
DR. CHARLES TEPUTZ and DR. GREGORY GAZDA 

Eneuti"" Director. 10l1li M. AbIen 
Celller for IlIImIItionalllusi_ 

THURSDAY, DECEMBER 7, 1995 
Forums A and B, Hahn University Cenler 

6:00 p.m. - 7:30 p.m. 
Our faculty, slulknts, alllmni, and administratOr! want to _~I you 

and prrwilk infomllllion about OUT: 
• "lIIerO(~AdmioitlJotiOll -MBA • 101_ allDlmlolionol Buoi_ - MIB 

• ~ M ........... . Supply N.....- • AIbiaoioa IIICI Filllllcial Aid lot_ion 
- 1'ropamiProjoct M ......... t 

Monday, November n, 1995 

1I0t ...,1,\(. 
Female Roommafe walled. Own 
room. $355ImonIh + 1/3 UIIIIIes. 
DeposIt. Pool, jacuzzi, washer/ 
ciyer. Near-UTC. Aval. Jaruary, 
Call KIm at 452-5707. 
For Rent as of Jan 1 st. - 2 
bedroom, 2 bath In Pacific Beach. 
Spacious rooms, new apartment 
building . Washer/dryer In 
complex. All appliances. $795/ 
mo. 581·1576 for Info. (11/27) 
Room for rent La Jolla- $350. 
Includes utilities, laundry, 
completelyfumished, near ocean, 
clean, considerate, no smoking! 
drugs. Terri, 459-6322 (11/27) 
Share 3 bdrm, 21/2 bath condo, 
E. Encinitas. Nice neighborhood, 
new carpet, garage, tennis, pool. 
$300 month+ utilities and deposit. 
634-4965(11/27) 
Ownroom-4 bedroom house near 
beach, La Jolla. Non-smoker, 
easy-going, and must like pets. 
Available 12/15. $290/1TI0. Call 
488-1916 (11/27-11/30) 
Female nonsmoker wanted . 
Share bdrm/bath, close to 
campus. Only $215/month + 1/4 
utilities! Available now. Call55O-
8173. (11/27-11/30) 
Master bedroom available 1/1/ 
96(appox) in 3 bedroom condo 
near UTC. Pool, jacuzzi, and 
washer/dryer included. $340.00/ 
month and 1/3 utilities. $340.00 
deposit. Female student 
preferred. Please call Thira at 
657-9164 or 465-3155. (11120-
11/30) 
Room for rent In South Del Mar. 
Ten minutes from campus, one 
block from beach in large 3 
bedroom, 2 1/2 bath apartment, 
garage parking, free cable. 
Available December 15th, 
$350.00 per month + 1/3 utilities. 
Call 792-0106. (11/20·11130) 
Cardiff-by-the Sea. Winter 
quarter. Fully furnished house 
with 1-2 bedrooms, 2 baths, den, 
garage, small yard. Quiet 
location. 15 minutes UCSD, 3 
minutes beach. Ideal for couple. 
$995 per month + deposit. 753-
3767 (11/20-11/30) 
For rent/lease option to buy: 3 
bedroom, 1.5 bath, North 
Clairemont house on cul-de-sac. 
Large yards, ceiling fans, over· 
sized laundry with sink. Great 
location, 5 minutes from UCSD. 
Pets welcome. $1300 negotiable. 
Available 12/1. 274-435"'('1 1/ • 
20-11/30) 
Hillcrest: 1 room in flat, available 
mid Dec. Wood floors, walking to 
UCSD shuttle, bathtub, big 

THE ScHOOL OF BUSINE.SSOFFus. •• :=:=:. ... Pocolty :=-~ kitchen. 298·5156 (11116-11130) 
• E ...... ec..n. • Fltll or ...... ~ Study 

~------------------------------~--~ Noosm~. ~maleroommate2-
_------------------, ,...---:---------------..., bdr./1-ba. house. 2119 Second 

.,.! BROKE? Ave., SO. $325/mo. + 1/2 util. KAPPA ALPHA THETA 
. .. proud to IIUIOUDct the 
IDlttatiOD 01 oar Delta CIaa 

LillaAney 
DanieUe Darden 
Coleen Dempsey 

Lisa Geuther 
Rachel Groner 
W~ndy Jenkins 

Gina Lopez 

Shelly Me Cormack. 
Nill Mehrain 

Lara Perry 
Nicole Perry 

Kimberly Sae-Eva 
Estelle Sandhaus 

Jennifer Shannahan 
Natalie Vieira 

$100 deposit. Avail. 12/1. Call 
(619) 595-3264. (11/13-1/11) 

.. Beautiful studio apt. for rent. 
Here's a small consolation... Located near La Jolla Village 

. just some of the cool savings Square. FuJlyfumished, pool, 8XC, 
in today's Guardian... Jaundry.$65OImo.,S300deposit. 

EpIc Surf Snow Skate DomIno's 
""_ ...... _.... PllZACCIWC*I ..... 22 
CoI1a \IenIe C8r Wesh AIelIInder's Electrolysis 
.... CAII_ ....... ......,.. __ ... U 
UnIYetsIty Events California Surf -N- Sport 
...... _ .I.I_ ... U 1 .... la'.IA&a ___ ... U 
Stuft PIzza . Klnko's 
ea •• a ........... _ ... U ....... ULiI 1' __ ... 14 
CounciJ TrIMI ~ AtUtudII 
..... 11.10 ..... _ ......... 1 ..... __ ... 14 

Call Andrea Mon.-Thurs. (819) 
552-0683. Avail. ASAP. (11113-
11/30) . 
La Jolla Colony: Room for rent In 
3-bdr. townhouse. MalelFemaJe, 
all amenities. F1f1t11a1t S60 c:Iep. 
$32O,'mo.,9-mo. Ieaae min. Call 
(819) 455-9341 . Lv. meg. 

Monday, November 27,1995 

Buyll Deduct loan Interestl BuIld 
your equity Instead of your 
IancIordsI Walk to UCSO - 1-
bdr. condofrom$106,OOO,2-bdr. 
condos from $117,500. FrIg, W/ 
0, garage, pool. Marietta Powers, 
GRI, Broker. (619) 459-6944. 
Serving San Diego since 1974. 

(11~1113O) 
Female wanted. Big bdr. and ba. 
for rent in Del Mar. Pool, spa, 
parking, security, and more. $370 
+ 1/2 util. Call (619) 794-8968. 
(11/6·11130) 
BUY!! DEDUCT LOAN 
INTEREST! Build your equity 
instead of your landlords! WALK 
to UCSD - 1·bdr. condo from 
$106,000; 2·bdr. condos from 
$117,500. Frig. , WID, garage, 
pool. Marietta Powers, GRI, 
Broker. (619) 45~. Serving 
San Diego since 1974. (10130· 
11/30) 
Downtown: $350+. 1-bdr. and 
Studio Apts. furnished, quiet, 
some harbor views , laundry, most 
util. indo 1534 Front St. (619) 
233-7428. (10/5-11130) 

ron S.\LE 
Mac Quadra 605, System 7.1. 
Includes Monitor, inkjet printer, 
14,400 baud fax/modem, 
software. CalI558-0456. (11/27· 
1/11 ) 
HP-486GX Graphic Calculator, 
expandable to 4mb RAM, 
Equation Library built in, in 
addition comes with chemistry, 
math and games packs. Make 
offer. Call Joe at 459·3486. (11/ 
27) 
Selling: Full·size bed, black 
headboard, $100. Black 
executive desk, $100. Blackfiling 
cabinet, $20. Lamps, eraseboard, 
etc. Call 458-9732 (11/27·11/30) 
For sale· 1993 Chevy Corsica,V· 
6, ABS, AC, AM/FM stereo, Great 
condition. $7500/0BO. 538·3853 
(11/27) 
1985 Chevy Sprint, 50 mi/gal! 
Good condition, AC, AM/FM. 
$1600/0BO. 538-3853 (11/27) 

(819)551-8207 (11/27) 
VCR- take It home tonight. NC, 
4 heads, HI-Fi. Works great I 
$285(orIginally $4(0). Make an 
offer. 999-4566 (11/27) 
Macintosh II uX8I8O. PaId$3100 
In 1993, asking $1300. System 
Includes monitor, color inkjet 
printer, modem, keyboard , 
mouse, software. 535·9278. (11/ 
20-11/27) . 
2 pumpkin looking living room 
chairs. $30 each or both for $50. 
622·9980 (11/20-11/27) 
Mountain Bike- Specialized Rock 
Hopper with shocks, $200. 
PanasonicStereo·CD, turntable, 
etc. with guarantee, $100. ph 
623·9138 (11/20-11/30) 
Quick and creative holiday giftsl 
Handmade necklaces by Ua· on 
sale at General Store Co-op and 
CraftCenter. All under $101 (11/ 
20-11130) 
Memory! 430 PIN 1x9 70NS 3 
CHIP SIMMS. Great for 
upgrading 386 and 486 systems 
to eight megs of RAM! Only $69. 
Call Jay ~78-0312. (11/20·11/ 
30) 
Smith Corona PWP Word 
processor, xlnt condition , 
portable, accessories included, 
w/printer. $150.00080. Please 
call Yvonne ~535-1986. (11/20· 
11/30) 
Bike·4-sale: Specialized 
"Stumpjumper M2". Lots of 
extras! Only $600. Call Joel, 
(619)273-4644 or e·mail ' 
BlIEJoBob~Aol .com (11/16-11/ 
30)' 
Black 1987 Honda Elite 250 
scooter. Runs great, x·lent gas 
mileage. $1000/0BO. Helmet 
indo Call Geoff, (619) 623'()136. 
(11/13·11/30) 
AV Dynamics: SAS Bazookas 8", 
$99; Sony 10·disc CD changers 
from $289. Phone (619) 793-
9891 , Fax (619) 793·8442. Call 
or fax for other prices. 

\\,A:\TED 
Macintosh IIsi-5 mb RAM, 40 mb Bilingual (SpanishlEnglish) male 
HD. 14" color monitor, system Hispanics (Mexican descent) and 
7.1, keyboard, and mouse. $550 Caucasions need for doctoral 

CaR about our 
low, low prices 

\ r fnt extra thin 
eyeglass lenses! 
SPECIAL CONTACT 

LENS PACUGES 
Includts".",." jlm",./olle,,,,,ip C4I't, 'IITdU ... 
....., sW/ll«l lIx only, 0Ibtr ~ brrmds f. !I!d . 

D.lly W .. r lpoir m 
Semi-Diepouble • poirt nl 
Dlepo .. blea • _ 111 
UIIpG_IIIpII_nII ._ 

___ .'iiiiII 

: 2 PAIRS of $9 
: DuraSon 
I Colored Contacts = -..:"~ 
I B ROWN EYES TO B WF./G REEN/ H AZELIMISTY G REY 
--------------------@ VISIONCARE 578-6796 DR. NICK SELBV, 00 

6780 Miramar Road (hl ...... "I • • M\IIIHI CIII·, Jr., 

The UCSD Guardian 

research. One time only. Free 
movie passes. 899-3061 . (11/ 
27-1/8) 
Enthusiastic sales 
representatives to help sell and 
promote envirorvnentaJlyfriendly, 
chmical-free products. 30% to 
start. Attend free training meeting. 
455·9480 (11/20-11/30) 
Earn $15.00. Doctoral Research 
PartiCipants Needed. Males 18· 
40. Approximately one hour. 
ConvenienttoUCSD. Easy. Call 
299·3515 for more information. 
(11/16·11/27) 
Healthy volunteers ages 18-45 
yrs, old are needed to participate 
in a study examining the effect of 
sound on the eyeblink reflex at 
the UCSD Medical Center in 
Hillcrest. Free shuttle 
transportation Is available. 
Compensation will be provided. 
Call (619) 543·2494 for info. (11/ 
30) 
Subjects paid for a study on 
alcohol's effects. If you are a 
Japanese, Chinese or Korean, 
American-born male, call Scripps 
Research for more info, (619) 554· 
7240. (9/28·11130) 
TWINS! Identical & fraternal twins 
are needed for a UCSD 
Psychology experiment. 
Participants will be paid. Jeff, 

(619)534~283. (9/19·11/30) 

SEI{\'ICES 
oak g 

to give french lessons and/or 
babysitting. Living on campus 
with no car. Details to be 
discussed. (619)457·3201 or 
(619)622-0633 (11/27) 
BEST AIR FARES, international, 
U.S., hotels, cars, island pkgs. 
Save $$$ (619)546·7831 , Mon· 
Fri., 5:00 - 10:00 pm. (11/27) 
Typing- fast, accurate. Tel. 459-
7108. $3.00 per page. Willcollect 
and deliver to UCSD (11/27) 

soundcard, CO·ROM' drive, 
multimedia kit and configure your 
system and printer. $6.00. 550-
1992)(15672, Jim. (11/27-11130) 
Learn to freatall skydive from 
12,500'. Student rates start at 
$140. Xmas gift certificates! 
Skydiving Adventures, Inc. Info/ 
reservations, 800·526·9682. (11/ 
27-11/30) 
AV DYNAMICS: SAS Bazookas 
8· , $99, Sony -1O·disk CD 
changers from $289. Phone: 
(619) 793·9891, Fax: (619) 793· 
8442, Call or Fax for other prices, 
(11/13-11130) 
Psychotherapy: Individual and 
couples therapy, in a supportive 
and caring environment, to help 
you deal with personal, family & 
school pressures, relationship 
issues, depression, loss, anxiety, 
pregnancy, self·esteem, 
motivation, career issues and 
others. Laurie Kolt, Ph.D., 
Psychologist, La Jolla. (619) 452-
7600. (11/6-11/30) 
Psychologist available. If you 
need help coping with your life, 
depression, bulimia, and/or 
relationships, call Dr. Diana K 
Weiss. (619) 259-0146. (11/2-1/ 
11) 
Term-paper Assistance: Call for 
free catalog listing. 30,000 
reports. Custom research 
available. Berkeley Research, 1· 
aoo-m·7901. Open every day. 
(10/30-11/30) 
Math Tutoring in your home. Get 
course assistance while developing 
math fundamentals. Mention this 
ad for UCSD student discount. 
(619) 583-4426. (10/26·2/29) 
HYPNOSIS WORKS! Test 
anxiety, smoking, self confidence, 
sports performance. Glenna Miller 
CCH (Certified Clinical 
Hypnotherapist) (619) 279-8159. 
Free consultation, student 
discount. (10/26·11/30) 
Word Processing manuscripts, 

CLASSIFIEDS 21 
Accurate, fast, confidential. Mary 
Ann, (819) 452-9439. (10/28-41 
25) 
ViollnMota Lessons. You or your 
child(ren) can learn from an 
experienced, professional 
teacher. Accepting students. All 
agesllevels welcome! Conrad: 
(619) 466-0525. (10~-1/16) 
EPISCOPAL STUDENT 
ASSOCIATION Eucharist every 
Wed. 5:00-5:30 p.m. in the 
International Center. Free dinner/ 
discussion following the service, 
Info call (619) 534-2537. (9/28· 
11/30) 
CASH FOR COLLEGE. 900,000 
GRANTS AVAILABLE. NO 
REPAYMENTS, EVER. 
QUAUFY IMMEDIATELY. 1-800· 
243·2435 (1-800·AID·2-HELP). 
(9/28·1/11 ) 
FREE FINANCIAL AID! Over $6 
Billion in private sector grants $ 
scholarships is now available. All 
students are eligible regardless 
of grades, income or parents' 
income. Let us help. Call Student 
Financial Services: 1-800-263-
6495, ext. F59761. (9/28-11/30) 
Assignments, term papers, work 
projects, theses, presentations. 
No time? Plan ahead. Call (619) 
265-8405 ITR Affordable 
Research + Computer Services. 
(9/30-11130) 

PEI{SO'\ :\LS 
Congratulations to all of the A 
XN's new initiates! Thanks for a 
great quarter. I love you! LlTB, 
Misae "mom" (11/27) 
To the two girls we slept with on 
Friday night, incest in the best. 
Jump on a bud. Who is touching 
my bum? Thanks for a great 
nightl Let'shaveanotherslumber 
party. Enrique and Ali. (11 -27) 
Heidi Muzhik is searching for 
G.O.D. Can you help her? You 
know where to find her. 

Install your dissertations, books, business, Makmoud Aziz needs someone fax/modem, t fi h' applications, resumes, editing. 0 x IS sore little thumb. 

)lake Cambridge England 
"four Summer Destination 

UC I SUMMER SESS IO N. CAM BRI DGE PROG RAM 
JULY 7 - AUG UST 10,1996 

E xperience the sple ndor of England, and earn eight un its of credit towards your UC degree through the ucr Summer Session Cambridge P rogram. Discover the unique wo nders of Great Br ita in as you 
study yO UI' favo rite subjects at Pemb roke College, the third oldest of the 
famous Cambridge colleges. 

To receive a program brochure, please call Tom Radmilovich at the 
UCI Summer Session Office, (714) 824·5493, write P.O. Box 6050, 
Irvine, CA 92716·6050, or e·mail SUMME R·SESSION@UCI.ED U 

Send me information on the UCI Summer Pro.qram ill Cam/Jridge, England. 
NI\i\\ I: __________________________________________________ _ 

l\nnR[ SS __________________________________________________ _ 

CITY ________________________ ~Tr\ 1'1. ____ Z IP ______ __ 

TII.ITII~)NL _____________________________________________ _ 

FA95·UCSD 

... 

.... . 

'" . 

... 



I 

J • 

22 SPORTS 

H8Ilh Nauyen/ Gu8llllBII 

BUCKED: 
UCSD fell in tourney 
ContInued from PICe 24 
of down low in the paint. 

Instead of doubling down on 
Aune in the post, Pomona spread 
out its defense to hold UCSD's 
long-nnge shooters at bay. The 
Broncos allowed the Triton center 
to work one-on-one inside, keep-
ing a bod~ on the three-point 
threats - effectively limiting 
UCSD to mid-range jumpers. 

In addition, Pomona's size al-
lowed its defenders to be effective 
even while playing off the three-
point shooters, which seemed to 
clog up the passing lanes for the 
Tritons'shooters. 

"I think that their size affected 
the outside game more than the 
inside game," Barbarick said. 

Triton Head Coach Greg 
Lanthier emptied his bench for the 
last five minutes, giving all of his 
players the chance to run wilfi the 
Division II team. 

The UCSD GuardilD 

picking up a atealand bombing a 
baseline three-poiDter to the de-
ligbt of tbe Triton bencb. 

On Friday nigbt, UCSD 
dropped its opening game of the 
tournament, 95-92, in a beartbreak-
ing game against Christian Heri-
tage College. 

Freshman forward Mike 
Thimgan led the way offensively 
for the Tritons, scoring 31 points 
on 10 of 18 shooting. Thimgan hit 
five three-pointers in the second 
half alone. 

"Thimgan was outstanding. It 
was a good coming-out game for 
him," Barbarick said. "ltwas good 
to see him step it up in the second 
half and begin to approach his po-
tential. " 

Potential, promise and prospect 
are all words to live by for the 
youthful Triton basketball squad. 
As coach Lanthier stresses, "The 
only way to gain experience is to 
play." 

Moaday, November 27, 1995 

Hanh Nauyen/ GuardlBII TIp-off: UCSD senior Matt Minehan goes up for the 
opening tip in the tournament. 

Senior guard David Dillon 
made the most of the opportunity, 

"They are just going to get bet-
ter and better," Barbarick said. 
"Remember, some of the guys have 
only played in three or four colle-
giate basketball games." Stretch: Victory was out of reach for Jason JO(les (22) and UCSD. 

CLAW: UCSD 
splits first two games 
Continued from page 24 
bounds. 

Juniors Anne Westmoreland 
and Cindy Yamasaki also lended 
support to UCSD's offensive at-
lack. Westmoreland, a forward, 
used her 5' 1 I" frame to shoot over 
the defense for 16 points in 26 
minutes of action. Yamasaki also 
pitched in 14 points, 12 of them 

coming on long-range bombs from 
three-point land. 

The victory was a nice turn-
around for the Tritons, who lost 
their first game of the season to the 
Athenas of CMS. 

UCSD held a slim 21-20 advan-
tage at the half of that game, despite 
shooting a miserablenineof35 from 
the field and not scoring its first 
points until 10:43 remained in the 
second period. 

However, the Tritons were un-
able to maintain that sort of good 

fortune in the second half, as their 
offense once again failed them in 
the final three minutes, allowing the 
Athenas to extend from a 52-50 lead 
to the 58-51 final margin. 

"We had a case ofthe first-game 
jitters," Malone said. "We have a lot 
of you.ng kids, including three new 
starters. We put up a lot of shots, but 
we just couldn't hit." 

The Tritons struggled not only 
on offense but on the boards as well, 
as they were outrebounded by a 42-
28 margin in the contest. That, in 

conjunction with 10 of 17 shooting 
from the free-throw line in Ihe sec-
ond half, prevented UCSD from 
claiming an unbeaten mark at this 
point in the season. 

On a positive note, Jungwirth 
demonstrated that she will beacon-
sistent team leader, as she again 
paced the team. Her 14 points and 
eighl boards were both leam highs, 
and she was solid from the free-
throw line, nailing six of seven. 

Senior guard Marcia Jeffries and 
junior forward Pam Contini also had 

Domino's De/ivers Right to Your Door 
On Campus and to Areas Around UCSD 
fusy, convenient, and fast! 
1. Call Domino's Pizza at 4S2-UCSD. 
2. Place your order using your UCSD Plus Card. You'll need to give 

your student I.D. n~ber to the Domino's phone person. 
3. Your order will be delivered to your door in about 30 minutes!" 

Call Domino's for delicious pizzas with your choice of three crusts 
and a variety of tasty toppings, Buffalo wings with special sauce, 
and new menu selections like garden fresh salad and yummy twisty 
bread with spices and parmesan. 

• UCSD Plus Card member must be present with valid J.D. cllrd to sign for the order when 
it arrives. 

Limited delivery area. Delivery on campus and areas adjacent to UCSD. $7.99 minimum 
purchase required for delivery. Valid at UCSD Domino's PiZZA location only. 

FREE DELIVERY 
11am - 1 am Sun. - Thurs. 
11am - 2am Fri. & Sat. 
I II • .1 .. .., ... 

PLUS 
. I'. e l • 

solid games with 11 and 10 points 
respectively. 

The Tritons now look ahead to a 
tough schedule which pits them 
against Redlands next Tuesday and 
Pomona on Saturday, Dec. 2. 

On Dec. 28-30, the Tritons will 
be hosting the UCSan Diego Invita-
tional, whose field boasts five teams 
which went to the NCAA tourna-
ment last season. 

"We have a lough schedule, but 
if we play like we did [on Saturday), 
we'll be alright," Malone said. 

Drivers carry less than $20.00. For mort information on UCSD Plus Card, CR1l534-PLUS (7587). 

2 MEDIUM 
2-TOPPING PIZZAS 
Just Ask Special 

FORONLy$'J3 !!I .. 
CALL US! 452·UCSD 
Not valid with any other offer. Elcpires 12/31/95. 

10 BuFFALO WINGS 
MARlNATED in their own sauce and 

served with Ranch Dressing 

5299 FOR ONLY pi .. ",. 
CALL US! 452·UCSD 
Coupon required. Not valid with any other offer. 
Expires 12/31/95. 

MEDIUM 2-TOPPING 
PIZZA, TWim BRE4DN 
&2CoKES~ II $1099 • FOR ONLY pl.,,.. 
CALL USI452·UCSD : . 
Good on oriSi!'al or thin crust. Coupon required. 
Not valid WIth any other offer. Expues 12/31/95. 

FOR~NLYS'JS!!.. DI. 
CALL USI452·UCSD m : . 
Coupon required . Not valid with any other offer. 
E"pU'ES 12/31/95. 

" 
Monday, November 27; 1995 The UCSD Guardian 23 

SHOP THE STUDENT CENTER SHOP CO-OP 
TKe -STUDENT CENTER HOUSES FOUR STUDENT CO-OPS WHOSE IIISSION IS TO PROVIDE EXCELLENT JOB EXPERIENCES TO STUDENTS AND 
PRODUCTS THAT STUDENTS WANT AT PRICES THEY CAN AFFORD. 

CHE CAFE CO-OP 
The Che Cafe is dedicated 
to providing al ternati ve 
education, entertainment 
and cheap, healthy vegetar-
ian cuisine , utilizing 
homegrown organic produce 
from the Garden Co-op. En-, 
tertainment at the (he 
ranges from poetry reading and 
folk music to shows of local 
bands. , , 
The Che Cafe is surrounded by a 
grove of old eucalyptus trees 
and is next to the beautiful 
garden of the Farm Co-op. Tables 
and ch9irs inside and outside 
the (he and its close proximi ty 
to the Farm Co-op and Germinal 
make it an inviting place to 
eat, s~udy, or just hang out. 
The Che also provides meeting 
space and catering services for 
interested student and commu-
ni ty gr:oups., 
The Che Cafe encourages anyone 
and everyone to come by and help 
out. We provide a great oppor-
tunity for students to get in-
volved in the process of run-
ning a restaurant and doing pro-
gramming at any level they feel 
comfortable at. 
Feel free to stop by or call, 
534-2311 for more information.We 
wi 11 be closed for Winter break: 
December 2 through January 7. 

FOOD CO-OP 
The .Food Co-op is a student run 
worker collective.We are a natu-
ral foods store offering a va-
riet-y of heal thy vegetaf"ian 
foods, natural medicines, vita-
mins, and beauty aides. Visit 
us ·for breakfast, lunch, snacks, 
and groceries . We have fresh 
baked goods, organi c produce, 
bulk foods, fresh 
juice, beverages, 
desserts, bagels, 
soy and dairy prod-
ucts, and sand-
wiches. We are con-
cerned with commu-
nity education. We 
are a resource for 
information on such 
subjects as collec-
tivism, the poli-
tics of food pro-
duction, environ-
mental issues, 
herbal and homeopathic medicine, 
vegetarianism, and nutrition. 
Our lending library contains 
books on these subjects and we 
encourage anyone to check them 
out. Book donations are also 
appreciated. 

GENERAL STORE CO-OP 
We are the General Store Co-op. We are 
environmentally friendly, hypo-aller-
genic, and dolphin safe . We are also 
very nice and wholesome. We have the 
lowest prices at UCSD on everything from 
textbooks to candy. We are now accept-
ing credit cards. You can find us in the 
Student Center . Have a wonderful day . 

Student involvement in cam-
pus issues is a very impor-
tant goal of the collective; 
we make an effort to par-

· ticipate in student activi-
ties and involve ourselves 
in political issues perti-

nent to stu-
dents at UCSD. 
If you are in-
terested in 
joining the 
UCSD Food Co-
op come by the 
store. We are 
located in the 
Old Student 
Center, the 

GROUNDWORK BOOKS 
LET'S HEAR IT FOR 
Groundwork Books' 

WINTER SALE!!! 
~OIriooQ 

OW 11'"""" CrNr 
to "*- Col or..), 

BEST place on lCSD.~~ ....... '."n""f .'~$,"' .. " .. "'01 '_'''''''k .••• ~ ... ' . ... u. ,., 
campus. . . 

HERE IS YOU R CHANCE TO PICK·U? '-::~ : .'::" :: "'!. 7~, : E;'j~r.S '! ')~ 
J,WIJ.."f$ WAN"TE:l TO ~EJ, O. GREAT T·SHIi'iTS AND CA;;WIN F. S~ 

END OF THE QUARTER 
SALE I 

10% off many snack items and 
natural remedies for colds 
and flu; study aides such as 
energizers and stress reliev-
ers. 

20% OFF EVERYTHING 
EXECpr TEXTBOOKS 

50% OFF SELECTED TITLES 
DECEmBER 1-15, 1995 

OPEN M·f IO·BASD SAT, 10.6 
c.o\LL 452·9625 f OR I:\TO. 

AND'lHE 

I-,..,J 1ooI,.,....y 
DECEMBER 1ST 
BPM 
SAN DIEGo Exct.ustvE: 
GEORGE CLlNTON'S 
FIRSTARENA-e m> 
CoNcERT IN THE 1990s. •• 
THREE AND A HALF HOURS 
OFUN-CUTFUNKI 

RIMACARENA 
TCl<E/S ON SALE Now/II AT 

PRICE CENTER Box OFFICE AND 
ALL TICKE7M4S1ER OCJTLETS 

GENERAL. ADMISSION SEATWG 
SruoENrs $16.00 

Pusuc $22.00 

-

-

.... 



• 
. ' 

24 SPORTS The UCSD Ou\rdian Monday, November 27, 1995 

SPORTS 
RAGE 
TEDDLADD 

WoetoTNN 
I guess it had to happen 

sooner or later. We've already 
been blessed with the Cartoon 
Network, Home Sbopping 
Network, Discovery Channel, 
the Comedy Channel and MlV. 

Tritons Trounced at Tip-Off 
TOURNEY: UCSD fell to both Christian Heritage and Cal Poly Pomona at the Tip-Off Tournament 

We've got lV for travelers, 
tramps and people with 
trichinosis. We've got cable for 
celebrities, cattle and Cheech 
and Chong fans. If there is a 
hairstyle to be envied, if there is 
a hobby to be hobbied, if there is 
a lame 1970s series to be 
revisited - you can find it on 
cable lV. And, being the avid 
cable-watcher, I'd thought I'd 
seen it al l. 

Until now. 
That's because, while 

flipping through channels - as 
if the little "up" and "down" 
arrOws were food-release levers 
and I was a little, trained rat - I 
caught a g1imse of a televised 
monster truclc-lJlld-trailer pull 
out of the corner of my eye. 

The event, I discovered, was 
on TNN. Officially, The 
Nashville Network. Unofficially, 
it is known as "that network for 
hicks. " Yes, hicks dancing 
around in circles, hicks singing 
goofy songs and hicks telling 
jokes. (In other words, a jazzier 
version of the House of 
Representatives.) 

In any case, the event that I 
carelessly flicked my eyes upon 
was much more than I had ever 
intended it to be. I mean, I had 
heard oftruck-and-tractor pulls 
before. I'd seen the ads in the 
Soviet Union -Tribune and I'd 
wandered into that bankrupt 
abandon of Orange County, as 
the radio promos tickled the hair 
cells in my inner ears. 

But this TNN thing was a 
different matter altogether. The 
trucks weren 't being pulled by 
powerful V-8 engines. I didn't 
see any dirt flying, crushed cars 
or gleeful men in cut~ff t-shirts 
screaming "Give 'em hell" as 
foreign cars were demolished 
under the weight of their 
mileage-diminished adversaries. 

No, in some sort of cosmic 
reversal, like when dogs walk 
tbeir owners in that "Red Dog" 
commercial, it was the men who 
literally pulled the trucks in this 
monster truck rally. (And I know 
wby the studio wizards at TNN 
kept the "monster" monniker.) 
1be event was part of a 
"strongest man alive" contest in 
wbich contestants must yank a 
large truck through mud and 
other familiar conditions. 

By Mike Sta ... e 
Staff Writer 

For some of us, the Thanksgiv-
ing break was just what we needed 
to lick our academic wounds and 

get rested for the 
stretch run. 

For the UCSD 
men 's basketball 
team, however, the 
holidays may have 
been jts undoing, as 
the team dropped a 
pair of games this 

past weekend in the Triton Tip-
Off Tournament. 

The Tritons lost a nail-biting 
affair, 95-92, to Christain Heri-
tage on Friday night and fell to 
Cal Poly Pomona, 101-75, on Sat-
urday. 

. "It's hard to come back and 
play after the Thanksgiving 
break," Triton Assistant Coach 
Kevin Barbarick said. "The play-
ers were all with their families , 
and I think we all lacked a little bit 
of focus." 

While the holidays may have 
been a factor in the Tritons' play, 
the high level of competition Sat- . 
urday nigbt cannot be ignored. 

The young Tritons ran into an 
offensive juggernaut by the name 
of Cal Poly Pomona - a fired up, 
Division II squad which came out 
gunning after dropping its tourna-

ment opener to 
Point Loma 
Nazarene on Friday 
night. 

UCSD kept the 
game relatively 
close in the first 
half. The teams 
went to the locker 
rooms with the 
Broncos leading by 
only nine, 45-36. 
Unfortunately, the 
Tritons couldn't 
keep up with the 
Broncos' scoring 
and defensive pres-
sure in the second 
ha lf. The modest 
halftime lead ex-
ploded to a final 
score of 101-75 . 

While the loss 
may have been frus-
trating for the play-
ers,. the experience 
they gained should 
serve as some con-
solation. Hanh NCuyen/GuMdIIlfl 

"It's always a 
benefit to play 
against better com-

Trapped: UCSD freshman Mike Wall (40) and junior Matt Aune corral a Christian 
Heritage player during the Tritons' narrow loss to CHC on Friday. 

to play." rebounds. petition," Barbarick said. "You 
don't always get to see that kind of 
size, speed and quickness. You 
really have to execute and do all 

. the little things ... You really have 

Senior center Matt Aune and 
freshman guard Adam Libby each 
scored 13 points for the Tritons. 
Aune led all players with seven 

The Broncos played a man-to-
man defense, using their height 
advantage on the perimeter instead 

Se~ BUCKED, Page 22 

UCSD Bows Down to 
Athenas, Skins Leopards 
FOR OPENERS: UCSD defeats La Verne, 83-71, after 
dropping the season-opener at Claremont-Mudd .. Scripps, 58-51 
By Dan Kraft 
Sports Editor 

The UCSD women's hoopsters opened 
the season by splitting their first two games 
last week. On Tuesday night, in their inau-
gural game of the season, the Tritons 
were defeated on the road by 
Claremont-Mudd-Scripps, 58-51 . 
UCSD came ~ack strong on Saturday 
afternoon, however, trouncing La 
Verne in its borne opener at RIMAC, 
83-71. 

Saturday's game against the Leop-
ards was close at the half, as the Tritons 
trailed by a mere three points going into 

cylinders in the second half, outscoring La 
Verne by a 45-30 margin. The Tritons held 
Rogers to 10 points, taking the 12 point vic-
tory. 

"They're a running team, and we beat them 
up and down the floor," UCSD Head 
Coach Judy Malone said. "Rogers was 
tough, but we slowed her down in the 
second half by making her go to her 
left." 

The Tritons' scoring punch was 
provided by sophomore forward Karli 
Jungwirth who tallied 17 points. 
Jungwirth earned her points by shoot-
ing 11 of 13 from the free-throw line, 

Hey, you gotta give TNN 
credit for ingenuity. Only, I have 
one piece of advice: More "Hec 
Haw" please. 

GuInhn tile photo 

Scorer: Karli Jungwirth (left) had 17 in the win. 

the break. All-American Leslee Rogers 
scorched the UCSD defense for 18 points in 
tbe first half. 

However, UCSD carne out firing on all 

where she spent much of her evening thanks 
to a Leopard defense which was quite adept 
at hacking. Jungwirth also collected 10 re-

See CLAW, Page 22 

w ..... ' ........... : 
Tues., Nov. 28 at University of Redlands, 7 :30 p.m. 

M ... '.-.ek ..... : 
Thurs.-Sat. , Nov. 30-Dec. 2 at Redlands Tournament 

Men'. W ..... Polo: 
Fri.-Sun. , Dec. 1 and 3, NCAA Championship at Stanford 

.wl ............. DlYInC: 
Thurs.-Sat. , Nov. 30-Dec. 2 Speedo Cup at Long Beach 

______ __ III~ ml]:("i;l'l l~i= ___ ____ _ 

• 

IIIIIoor Rock CUIIIbIne 
Climbing on man-made 
walls In gyms like the ' 
Vertical Hold Climbing 
Center off Miramar 
Road is one of the 
fastest growing 
alternative sports in the 
United States. 


