
I' 

I, 

.~1 =IV): 1:C, t. 
Fall Applications' at 
Ilx-YearHI", 
SAN FRANCISCO - The 
number of Fall 1995 applic~­
tions sent by California high 
school seniors to University of 
California campuses increased 
by nearty five percent. The UC 
system received 43,364 
applicatisms, the largest 
number since 1989. "We are 
extremely pleased that the 
university remain& the popular 
choice for California stu-
dents," said UC President Jack 
Peltason. "We appreciate this 
vote of confidence from the 
students. California high 
school seniors seem assured 
we have preserved quality 
despite severe budget cuts." 

UCLA Installs Video 
Tele-conferencln. 
LOS ANGELES - A new 
video-teleconferencing system 
has recently been installed at 
UCLA's Student Affairs 
Office (SAO). David Chien, 
from the SAO, said that with 
the system, "people won't 
need to come to UCLA 
anymore, they would be able 
to telecommute." The system, 
on a temporary loan to UCLA 
fro m Mark Thompson Right 
Way Inc. , links SAO with 
Douglas Martin, the 
chancellor' assistant on the 
American with Disabilities 
Act. Martin, who is in a 
wheelchair, uses the new 
technology to communicate 
with others on campus. UCLA 
is waiting for money from the 
U.S. Department of Education 
to purchase the system. 

Davis Professors 
Find Key to Love 
DAVIS - Two UC Davis 
psychology professors recently 
found in a study that romantic 
feelings are environmentally, 
not genetically, determined. In 
thei r study, Associate Profes-
or Niels Waller and Professor 

Phillip Shaver questioned 890 
adult twins on their attitudes 
about six dimensions of love. 
The twins responded to 
statements such as "Our 
lovemaking is very intense and 
satisfying," or "Sometimes I 
get so excited about love that I 
can't sleep." Waller and 
Shaver found no correlation 
between the attitudes of 
fraternal twins and identical 
twins, showing that non-
genetic factors were at work. 

_I~I-"tl·l" 

FORUM 
OPINION: Martin Luther 
King, Jr. Day - question-
ing civil rights progress 4 

SPORTS: Women's 
basketball loses squeaker to 
Chapman, 68-67 II 

, H u c 5 D 

UC SAN DIEGO TIJESDAY, JANUARY 17,1995 VOLUME 84, ISSUE 3 

Cheating Allegations 
Plague Computer GRE 

UC President 
Reported To 
Resign in 
October TESTS: ETS sues Kaplan after investigation reveals high 

predictability of tests 

how vulnerable the test is to cheating. 
Kaplan initiated its investigation after stu-

dents who had taken the computerized GRE 
reported that the same questions were repeat-
edly being asked on the test. 

By Ivan Delventhal 
Senior Staff Writer 

The Educational Testing Service (ETS) has 
filed suit against Kaplan Educational Centers, 
after the nation 's largest private test preparation 
firm reassembled 75 percent of the computer-
ized version of the Graduate Record Exam 
(GRE), administered by ETS, to demonstrate 

Early last fall, Kaplan sent 20 undercover 
employees to test sites across the nation with the 
intention of remembering questions from the 
GRE. 

The results were startling, according to Jose 
Feneira, Kaplan's national GRE director. "We 
were honestly surprised at how fast and easy it 

See CHEATING, Page 3 

ADMINISTRATION: Peltason 
has not confirmed reports, but 
announcement may come at 
this week's Regents meeting 
By Francisco DeVries 
Senior Staff Writer 

UC President jack Peltason, who has led the 
nine-campus UC system si nce late 1992, is 
reportedly stepping down from his post when 
his contract expires Oct. 1. SUPER CHARGED! A formal announcement may be made dur-
ing the Board of Regents meeting to be held in 
San Francisco later this week, according to a 
report in last Thursday's San Francisco 
Chronic/e. 

After news reports surfaced late last week, 
Peltason stated in a press release that he took his 
position "with the intention of helping the uni-
versity work its way through a difficult transi-
tion period. We've reached a period of relative 
stability, but I don't have any announcement to 
make today. " 

Peltason did state, however. that he had not 
signed on to his S243,OOO-per-year po t "for 
life. " 

Peltason 's short tenure has come during the 
worst financial crisis in the 127-year history of 
the university. Last week, Gov. Pete Wilson 
unveiled a proposed state budget which calls for 
another lO-percent fee hike for UC students. 

During the first two years Peltason served as 
president, student fees increased by nearly 
$1,000. 

The budget crisis was already in full swing 
when Peltason took the university's helm in 
1992. At his inauguration ceremony, several 
hundred black-clad student protestors planted 
crosses in the lawn outside the event and laid 
down to symbolize the death of the university. 

Peltason 's resignation would be followed by 
a nationwide search for his successor. UC Ber-
keley Chancellor Chang-Lin Tien and UC Pro-
vost Walter Massey have been mentioned as -
possible candidates for the post, according to 
the Chronicle report. 

Yakov Zolotorev/Guardian 
VlctoriOUI San Dlelo Charle,. quarterback Stan Humphries acknowledles the crowd 
at a post-came pep rally at Jack Murphy Stadulm (see pale 14). 

UCSD Chancellor Richard Atkinson~ who 
was one of the finalists for UC president in 
1992, may be a candidate this time around as 
well. 

San Diego Transit Plans June Cut in Bus Service to UCSD 
TRANSPORT AnON: 
Public concerns prompt 
delays in route changes 
By Tom Barkley 
Associate News Editor 

Proposed changes to San Diego 
Transit bus routes, which would have 
involved significant cuts in service 
to the UCSD campus, have been 
postponed until June of this year. 

According to Tim Price, senior 
transportation planner at the Metro-
politan Transit Development Board 
(MTDB), the board voted to review 

the changes after concerns were 
raised by UCSD-area commuters 
and UCSD officials during an Oct. 6 
public hearing. 

The proposed changes, meant to 
help alleviate a budget crisis, would 
affect Routes 34, 41 and 50/150 in 
the UCSD area. 

"We needed a little more time to 
refine the plan," Price said. "There 
were some valid questions raised by 
the [UCSD] community that we are 
looking at in determining the best 
way to maintain service there. n 

Price said that misunderstand-
ings about the changes were behind 

many concerns. "Some people 
thought that San Diego Transit 
would remove service to their area 
completely," he said. "One of the 
principles that we 've had in the 
evaluation is that when we're going 
to make a change, we don't want to 
take tran it away completely. We 
wanted 10 have some level of ser-
vice." 

At the MTDB meeting, UCSD 
campus community planner Milt 
Phegley brought up several prob-
lems which might affect UCSDcom-
muters, such as assuring that the 
timingofthe new routes made trans-

fers convenient. "Someone travel-
ingon the new Route34 who wanted 
to get to Thornton Hospital would 
have to make a transfer at the VA 
Hospital," Phegley said. "I asked 
[the MTDB] to give careful consid-
eration to the route timing so that 
those trail fers can be easily made." 

Price aid that the MTDB will 
try to accommodate the various con-
cerns. He added that, although there 
will be some amount of inconve-
nience, "It's a penalty that we all 
must agree to if this funding prob-
lem is re olved." 

See ROUTES, Page 3 



2 NEWS 

UCSD Scientist Finds 
Anti-Aging Treatment 
RESEARCH: Yen supplied middle-aged patients 
with a hormone which depletes after age 25 
By Anna Valaman 
Senior Staff Writer 

A researcher at the UCSD Medi-
cal Cenler may have discovered a 
way to win the eternal battle against 
aging. Results of a preliminary 
clinical study by UCSD Professor 
of Reproductive Medicine and en-

ject received three months ofDHEA 
and three months of placebo at bed-
time in random order," the study 
stated. The test subjects did not know 
which they were given, yet reported 
a nearly 75 percent increase in their 
sense of well-being while receiving 
DHEA. 

docrinologist Dr. 
Samuel S.c. Yen, 
M.D. show that 
simply taking a pill 
each evening can 
ease the effecls of 
aging. 

Yen recently re-
ported that subjects 
who took nightly re-
placement doses of 
the de-hydro-
epiandrosterone 
(DHEA) hormone 
noticed i mprove-
ments in theirphysi-
cal and psychologi-
cal well-being. 

The hormone 
must be given at 
night because, 
"DHEA secretion 
by the adrenal 
glands is at night-
time," said Yen. 
"Particularly the 
time you go to sleep, 
there is activation of 
the adrenal glands, 
and the conse-
quently increased 
DHEA." 

"Scientifically, I 
think after our 
two studle., we 
will get very 
solid Information 
for me to make a 
statement, at a 
.. obal level, 
saying we think 
DHEAls 
beneficial for the 
aging 
population. " 

Restoring the 
hormone to young 
adult levels also in-
duced an increase in 
IGF-I, a growth fac-
tor which Yen's 
team thought may 
have contributed to 
muscle growth and 
the easing of muscle 
fatigue. 

The dramatic 
differencesbehween 
the results of the 
treatment and thai of 
the placebo were 
"highly signifi-
cant," Yen said. 

However, the 
three-month dura-
tionofthestudy was 
"not long enough to 
discern long-term 
effects, "Yen said. 

Therefore, Yen 
and his team are cur-
rently conducting 
two more studies to 
further investigate 
the effects of 
DHEA. 
~. s.mu.I s.c. v .... , M.D. 

"Scientifically, I 
UCSD Professor of think after our two 

Reproductive Medicine studies, we will get 

The UCSD Guardian Tue8day, January 17, 1995 

ETCETERA ... 
CALVIN a HOBBES by Bill Watterson 

BRIEFLY ... 

.. ANO S). 'N IH, t-IOll4lt<G LtH 
TO LWf: rOR, 14'1:. OO't.~'5 \11\:. 
CAANiEO COMMp..N\) fR.<WI 
HIE DISTp..t-IT CRO'N\) lltlOW 

Mesa Director to Head Art Gallery 
UCSD is one of 10 universities targeted for the 

program by the Mexican government in an effort to 
educate their country's brightest students at some of 
the best research institutions in the United States. Though the sci-

entificcommunily is 
unsure how DHEA 
works, it has known for over 10 
years that the hormone is a "marker 
of aging." Secretion progressively 
decreases after age 25, dwindling to 
to percent by age 70. 

very solid informa-
tion for me to make a statement, at a • 
global level, saying we think DHEA 

UCSD has named Kathleen Stoughton as the new 
direc10r of the University Art Gallery. Stoughton, cur-
rently gallery director and professor of museum stud-
ies at San Diego Mesa College, will begin her new job 
Jan. 17. 

Stoughton will replace former gallery director Gerry 
McAllister, who held the position since 1974. 

Frantisek Deak, dean of DiviSion of Arts and Hu-
manities at UCSD, said that Stoughton was brought in 
to help spearhead the development of a new, larger 
gallery. 

The first Mexican students will be recruited over the 
next few months. according to UCSD Physics Profes-
sor Ivan Schuller, coordinator ofthe program at UCSD. 

Yen and his team reasoned that 
increasing DHEA levels to that of 
young adults might ease the effects 
of aging. 

They conducted a study on 17 
women and 13 men between the 
ages of 40-70. According to the 
study, published in the Journal of 
Clinical Endocrinology and Me-
tabolism, one of the benefits of 
DHEA replacement is a better sense 
of well-being, which includes in-
creased ability to cope with stress, 
greater physical mobility, improved 
·quality of sleep and decreased joint 
pain . The hormone does not affect 
libido. ' 

Yen and his colleagues observed 
no adverse side effects. "Each sub-

is beneficial for the aging 
population,"Yen said. "If that's oc-
curred ... then that statement will be 
made, if the result turns out to be 
what is anticipated." 

The hormone itself is a natural 
compound and therefore cannot be 
patented. Its use, however, can. 

Yen plans to seek Food and Drug 
Administration (FDA) for DHEA 
replacement. Although he declines 
to say when he will contact the FDA, 
he expressed hope in getting DHEA 
replacement on the market within 
two years. 

"Our preliminary results are 
highly encouraging and served as a 
basis for our extended studies. It is 
highly likely that the beneficial ef-
fect of DH EA replacement may, at a 
future date, be available for clinical 
use," said Yen. 

If you like reaclln. the Guardian, you'll love 
readln. It oyer and oyer epln .. a Copy R .... er. 

For more information, call 534-6580 

"Kathleen Stoughton has the ability and ambition 
to take the University Art Gallery on its next stage of 
development, during which time it will become a major 
artistic and intellectual resource for the university and 
the community,· Deak said. 

At Mesa College, Stoughton created a Museum 
Studies Program to train students for intemships and 
staff positions in museums. She was also responsible 
for seven exhibitions a year. 

~rior to her work at Mesa College, Stoughton was 
the American Art Forum coordinator at the Smithsonian 
Institution's National Museum of American Art. where 
she received an Outstanding Achievement Award . 

Her other achievements include the Meritorious 
Service Award, from San Diego Community College 
District; Educator of the Year Award, from Greater San 
Diego Industry·Education Council; and Tribute to Women 
in Industry Award for San Diego County. 

. Mexico Sponson UCSD Science 
Education for Its aest Students 

A new fellowship program established by UCSD and 
the Mexican National Council of Science and Technol-
ot/. will allow up to 10 Mexican graduate students in 
natural or physical sciences to be accepted each year. 

The Mexican govemment will pay half the cost of 
educating the students . 

Multicultural Job Fair Will 
Provide Career OpportunlU .. 

The Fourth Annual Multicultural Job Fair. offering 
work opportunities for career positions, part·time jobs 
and internships, will be held Thurs., Jan. 26, from 11 
a.m. to 2 p.m. at the Price Center Ballroom. 

The fair, co-sponsored by Career Services and the 
Student Affirmative Action/Human Relations Program, 
will attract over 60 employers representing a wide 
number of industries. 

Everyone is welcome to attend. and resumes are 
recommended. For more information, call 534-3750. 

Program on International Affairs 
Lets Students Talk With Experts 

College students interested in intemational affairs 
will get an opportunity to discuss issues with leading 
experts in a United Nations Association (UNA) program 
called "International Perspectives.· 

The San Diego branch of the UNA is offering this 
program series to San Diego college students and 
foreign students alike. 

The UNA is encouraging students with diverse 
backgrounds to share their personal experiences and 
viewpoints. and to foster an environment of reciprocal 
education. 

International Perspectives is sponsored in part by 
the U.S. Information Agency. 

For more information. call the UNA at 233-3970. 

ANNA VAISMAN, Opinion Editor 
FRANCISCO DEVRIES, Features Editor 

DAN KRAFT, Sports Editor 

I'IIOTOGIlAI'IIEIII: Timothy Chen. Catherine Hirota , Heidi MUZhik 
TYPIIT: Crtstina Gunman 

1hII1ICSD~"IUlIIIIIIcIMondIIrsand~dlWlrCIIIt~,.."'andflllillt -. 
rI UCSO. ~rllllis_1n -.1orm. _In wnote Of In /l1li. wiIhoutpemjl$lOll is 
It!1dIy fIIOIIi*d, 0 1994. iii ~ ..-.d. IhIIIICSD ~ Is not ItSjIOI1IiI)Ie fill !he I!tIrn 01 
II1SOIIciIICII!IhIIC!1IIIS Of 1ft. Tht IIiewI e>IIItsteO in I/IIINQ and liVed IeIIIfI Of comnenIfts do 
NIl '*"I11III' __ lilt OPInions rI IhII IICSD ~ lilt UIMrsI1Y rI CII_ Of lilt 
___ . IhIIIJCSD GoiaWn Is Mded ...., '" 1IIooItisrc. &In~, III.mI 

DOUG ALEXANDER, Editor In Chief 
SIMONE MILLER. Copy Editor 

.lONNA PALMER, Co-News fditor 
MARIANNE VIGIL, Co-News Editor 

TOM BARKLEY. Associate News EdItor 

TEDD LADD, Associ8te Sports Editor 
JEFF NIESEL, Hiatus Editor 

YAKOV ZOLOTOREV, Photo Editor 
CHUCK NGUYEN, ASSOCiate Photo Editor 

DOMINIC L088IA, Graphics Editor 
JEFF LARSEN, Desiln Editor 

WARREN "0. Production Manager 
IDIIOIt ITAff WIIITlltI: Elaine CamuSO. lIaren Cnene . .. an Delventhal . 8,lan 
II. Hutto. Erik Johnson. Ale. Thiesen. Greta Wrenn 
IT .... WIIITIIII: Arnlt ", ..... 81 • • Nln. Bouchton. Derek Yen Hoften . 8,ent 
Johnson. ROO L .... nson. Ellz_h Meekenzle. Je,emey Melame<!. Can<ll,e 
McFat1an<l. Heather MeRea. Jennifer NicOli . Meer. Pal. Omar Reze<: . Mary lleth 
Sedlecl<. Karen Walsh 
IU.UITltATOIIS: Mich. Croft. Nlthln Ertln. Mike lbey. Plull Lee. Rich Yumul 
II1II8I11III: Alicia Guzman. !lfenna lathem. PIlUle LN. Ale. Ratner 

ADYEIITI$INQ AIIIITANT: Tara Eoff 
ClItCULAnOll AIIIITANT: Pablo Manlluy. Ethan Martinez . Dayld Rodllers 

lOB DeANDREA, Business MlJfllcer 
MIC"AR FOUlIIS, Advettis/nl MBfl8(ler 
MIKE MARTINEZ, Advert;si,. ~s;,ner 

RITHYA TAN., CIIISSified RepresentlJtl\lfl 

Editorial : 534-6580. News/FelltlJres: 534-5226. 
0~n~/SponI:5340582.Hunu. : 534-6583 

Business Office: 534-3466. Fu: 534-7691 
UCSD Quard/an, 9&00 Gilman Drive 0316, 

'La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 
Actual loCatiOn: s.cono Floor. ucso S~t c_, BuIIcII~ W. Am. 217 

Tuesday, January ]7, 1995 

CHEATING: GRE, ETS filed a lawsuit in federal court. 
ETS implements ETS seeks statutory damages as 
safety measures well as copyright infringement, breach of contract and fraud. 
Continued from page 1 "We appreciated the opportunity 
was to reassemble the test." to meet with Kaplan," said ETS 

Ferreira, who headed the com- spokesman Ray Nicosia, "But after 
puterized GRE investigation, said doing so, we realized they had bro-
that a small pool of questions is used ken the law on four different counts, 
on the test .for extended periods of and we filed suit." 
time, making it susceptible to cheat- Kaplan ' broke the law, Nicosia 
ing. said, because when a person takes 

After creating a replica of the the GRE, he or she signs a contract 
test, Kaplan officials made two cop- in which they agree not disclose any 
ies of it: one copy they handed over of the questions. 
to ETS, and the other they locked in According to Nicosia, even 
the vault in the offices of Price though Kaplan shared their recon-
Waterhouse. structed test only with ETS, this still 

On Dec. 20, two weeks after re- constitutes a breach of contract. 
ceiving Kaplan's reconstructed "We count on the protection of 

ROUTES: New Route ~4 would only run the south-ern half of the loop through La Jolla 
Route 21 runs from Village Square. 
Mira Mesa to UTe Route 41 would run the exact 

northern part of the CUrrent Route 
Continued from .,... 1 34 V A Hospital-to-UTC loop, there-

In the proposed changes, Route fore making no changes in the ser-
34 would run every 30 minutes be- vice to that area. West of Gilman 
hween La Jolla and the V A Hospital. Dr., Route41 service would be elimi-
Between the V A Hospital and UTC, nated, forcing riders to use either 

275-1132 
1 00/ ALL REPAIRS /0 OFF With thiS coupon ~ faculty lind _ wi1II v .. kI UCSO 10. "E>apI..- 1Ind .. _ 0YeI!IaU. '1.000 limit NoIYOIId willi _ coupon. Exp. fJI3CJI96. 

FREE SUNGLASSES 
. ' 

SPECIAL CONTACT LENSE PACKAGES 
Includes: complete eye exam, fitting , follow up care, 
care kit, near sighted Rx only. other major brands in stock 

SEMI DISPOSABLES $169 
1 year supply complete 

DISPOSABLES EXTENDED WEAR DAILY WEAR 

$89 
complete 

$169 
24 lenses 

$109 
compltite 

L.I E_V_E_G_L_A_S_S __ E .... X .... A .... M===~I ULTRA THIN EYEGLASS LENSES 

The UCSD Guardian 

the law as part of our test security 
process. That is one of the reasons 
we filed suit," Nicosia said. 

"We are taking this action in 
order to preserve student's freedom 
of choice to take a computerized 
test," said Nancy Cole, president of 
ETS. 

"Despite their public pronounce-
ments, test preparalion firms have a 
vested interest in attacking com-
puter-based testing," she added . 
"Clearly, it hurts their business. Stu-
dents who can take computerized 
tests on virtually any day tend to 
prepare on their own rather Ihan en 
masse, while coaching classes de-
pend on national test dates for their 
classes. Coaching classes do not 

~ave the equipment or resources to 
prepare students forcom puter-based 

Route 301 or the Campus Shuttle to 
get to campus. 

Route 150, which currently trav-
els from downtown to the V A Hos-
pital, would become a bi-directional, 
peak-period bus to handle "reverse 
commuters," those traveling out of 
downtown in the morning and back 
in the evening. 

The new Route 150would exit I-

FREE 
COMPACT 

DISCS! 
Trade in: - ONE 
6 cassettes 

~~~ ~~'s FREE CD* 
• on appro,"' al 

"40 limit· Thousands of COs in stock 

Lowest Prices in San Diego! 

~ MUSICTRADER 
~ 7094 Miramar Rd 
~,~~~:t~,~~9 

'!:. '.' ' ... " 223-7777 
,: ' ..... , , . '.' .. ', 272-2274 

6663 EI C.ion BI,d. ~,:,',"~.~e 462·2274 
447 Broadway EI Cajon 444-2274 

2216 [ I C.1 m,no Real ' 110 :h·c," 4394433 
481 Broadway Chula Ii'sta 5SS.34 72 

ad·ver-tis-ing n 1: the 
actioii of calling something 
to the attention of the public, 
esp. in the UCSD Guardian 
newspaper, 534-3466 

Interested in 
LEARNING a 
NEW SPORT? 

The UCSD WOMEN'S 
LACROSSE season 

begins this quarter! Fun, 
travel, and exercise. 

No experience necessary. 

NEWS 3 

tests." test. 
Kaplan representatives maintain "Theoretically, you could go into 

that their intentions were good and the test tomorrow morning, remem-
that they broke no laws. Kaplan ber as many questions as possible, 
refutes allegations that it is seeking and post them on the I nlernet thai 
to discredit the new genre of test afternoon," Ferreira said. 
administration. Immediately after receiving Ihe 

"We are not against computer- results of Kaplan 's investigation, 
ized testing,» Ferreira said. "We are ETS canceled computerized GRE 
against inept computerized testing, tests during the last week in Decem-
and unforlunately thai is all we have ber to implement enhanced securily 
seen so far. " measures. 

Because the computerized GRE Among the changes made by ETS 
is offered every day of the year, were a larger data pool, a more fre· 
allowing ETS to change significant quent "turning over" of questions, 
portions of Ihe test. and fewer test dales. 

In the traditional pencil and pa- ETS announced that from Feb-
per format, the test is administered ruary through June, test administra-
five times each year, thus giving tion dates will be limited 10 one 
ETS a much greater opportunity to week per month, increasing gradu-
change significant portions of the ally thereafter. 

5 at Gilman Dr., travel through cam- to-UTC loop would be eliminaled. 
pus past the V A Hospital and East A new bus line, Route 21, has 
on La Jolla Village Dr. At UTC, the begun operating. It runs from Mira 
bus will turn around, follow Nobel Mesa to UTC Monday through Fri-
Dr. to Villa La Jolla, down Via day during morning and evening 
Mallorca to Via Alicante and get- rush hours. 
ting on 1-5 from Gilman Dr. In the The changes, scheduled to go 
evening, the bus will reverse the into effect June 18, will be given 
loop. final approval by the MTDB by the 

On Route 50, the VA Hospital- end of February. 

Now ENROWNG: SAN DIEGO'S #1 COURSE FOR TIlE 

Serving the UCSD p ... medlcal community since 1985 

* M.D.'s TRAINING M.D.'s-OF-THE-FUTURE * 
• INTENSIYE MCAT preparalion & medical school applicalion! 

admissions assislance are all we do! 
• MeAT EXPERTS: an independenl program taught by UCSD·lrained 

academic M.D:s, lop M.D.-Ph.D. candidates, & English Departmenl 
Ph.D. faculty. , 

• ORIGINATOR not simulalor, of inlensive MCAT prep in San Diego. 
• 13 WEEKS (150+ hours) of detailed in-class instruction & real MCAT 

testing, problem solving, reading/wriling workshops, review groups, 
med school application & admissions stralegies, & lutoring. 

• 2000 PAGES of original take-home review noles, reading & wriling 
sludyguides, MCAT & admissions slralegy handouls, problem sels. & 
MCAT-quality timed practice exams. 

• REAL MCAI TESTING for in-class & take-home praclice. 
• DIRECT CONTACT with young UCSD docs & med sludents. 
• TUfQRlNG. pre-med library & med school application help included. 
• ON CAMPUS at Ihe UCSD School of Medicine. 
• LOWER TUITION Ihan olher courses. 

1~~liU].,an"'D 456·8488 



4 OPINION The UCSD Guardian Tuesday, January 17, 1995 

PINION 
GUARDIAN FORUM: How far have we come in the struggle for equality - and where are we going? 

e 
As WE HONOR THE MEMORY OF DR. 
Martin Luther King, Jr., 
thirtysomething years after the 
Civil Rights Movement was born, 
we are left with the daunting ques-
tion of how far we have actually 
progresse·d - the state of the 
dream - and perhaps more impor-
tantly, where we are headed. To this 
end, the Guardian posed these 
questions to various students and 
educators in the UCSD and San Di-
ego communities. 

Sanford Lakoff 
Professor of Political 

Science, UCSD 
It's [the civil rights movemenl) been suc-

cessful in ending formal legal segregation 
in this country, but it 's open to question if 
it's been successful since then. There is dis-
agreement as to what direction should be 
taken ... [its goals were to] guarantee equal 
opportunity and eliminate segregation and 
separatism, [despite the country 's] cultural 
heterogeneity. . 

Like all other universities, we 've [UCSDJ 
become sensitive to the equal opportunity 
question ... [but] I disagree with the idea of 
quotas. Programs which admit students by 
race [or] gender .. . are wrong and self-defeat-
ing. 

The country is moving in a good direc-
ti on [with civil rights] . A great deal of 
progress has been made on those lines. As 
fo r the problem with blacks in the underdass 
- the ghello underclass - we ' re in serious 
trouble. There needs to be an alleviation of 
not just poverty, but the division of society 
into a middle class and an underclass ... It 
[civil rights movement) doesn' t work. 

We ' re in pretty bad shape right now. We 
shouldn 't really worry too much about that 
issue [civil rights] , but rather the state and 
problems of the underdass. The civil rights 
movement was ... relevant when we had to 
achieve civil rights. But now, we need to 
worry more about how to alleviate distress 
that develops when you have ghetto condi-
tions .... Without family structure, values, 
ski lls and opportunities, it 's a question of 
alleviating the poverty and distress that's 
associated with those conditions. 

This is a problem which affects people ... 
in the whole society. These are issues which 
affect us all. They're not just civil rights is-
sues. 

I would like to emphasize that it 's a good 
thing that we have a holiday for Dr. King, 
because he stood not just for civi I rights, but 
he understood that society, not just civil 
rights ... would provide opportunities for 
people of all sorts ... . We will have achieved 
Dr. King's dream in civil rights [in the fu -
ture], but not in promoting the feeling people 
have of having real opportunity. 

Joseph Watson 
Vice Chancellor of 

Undergraduate Affairs 
It 's my view that we've come fairly far .... 

that progress has been made, but it has still 
been limited. We need new approaches and 

new strategies. I hope that 1995 will be a 
watershed in this respect. I think that Gov. 
Wilson and his call for the elimination of 
affirmative action may do one of the best 
things for equality and justice ... it puts [civil 
rights issues] back on the table for discus-
sion. Affirmative action has not been that 
beneficial , particularly for African Ameri-
cans. It's time that Afric;an Americans in 
particular reassess things - their dreams, 
their goals, their [aspirations.] The impor-
tance of Martin Luther King is not the dream, 
not [the message] of nonviolence, but the 
[idea] of constant struggle. 

Ernie McCray 
Principal of Marvin 
Elementary School, 

San Diego 
On any given day, my response [to that 

question) is different. ·1 look at the situation 
and see progress, and I look at other thi ngs 
and I wonder. Middle-class people have ben-
efited from breaking down walls [which 
block opportunity.) But when I look at the 
masses,l don 't think we've come very far .... 

e 

The American dream I. 
alive, but I see too 
man, who haven't ..... 
It. I ... kids who are 
caught up with th.lr 
dally Ilv •• - the turf 
war on 39th St. - and 
don't ... that the 
whoI. world Is theirs. 

-1 ...... 11cCnIy 
Principal, Marvin Elementary School 

we see [high death -rates among] black 
males, gangs, drive-by shootings, teen-age 
mothers. The American dream is alive, but I 
see too many who haven 't seen it. I see kids 
who are caught up with their daily lives -
the turf war on 39th St. - and don 't see that 
the whole world is theirs. 

Martin Luther King, Jr. is a significant 
part of who I am. He gave me a lot of hope. 
He showed me that I can love apologetically. 

But I am frightened by the prospects for 
the future. When looking at Proposition 187, 
it seemed to have popped out of nowhere-
I know ~ didn 't, but it gathered so much sup-
port, so quickly. [Now] we are facing Gov. 
Wilson's attempt to eliminate affirmative 
action .... What we are seeing is an out-and-
out war against people who are struggling. 
It doesn't always bother me when politicians 
go crazy - that's what they're elccted for 
- but when people readily embrace it,l find 
that frightening. 

When I leave the planet,l don't think it'll 
be in very good shape. Human beings against 
human beings - that wasn ' t part of the 
dream. I don 't 'see a lot of prospects for 
peace. Those of us who [are working for 

See VOICES, Page 6 

Tuesday, January 17, 1995 The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

COMMENTARY: Canonized for his message of nonviolence and love, King's lincompromised, but essential, critique 
of class structure and militarism has been buried by history 

RECLAIMING THE LEGACY OF KING 
By Sara F10cks 
Contributing Opinion Writer 

In the summer of 1963, Dr. Mar-
tin Luther King, Jr., delivered his "I 
Have iI Dream" speech at the March 
on Wash(ngton to over 200,000 
Americans. The image of Dr. King 
giving this speech, while thousands 
of people sang "We Shall Over-
come," touches the hearts of many 
Americans. And it is primarily this 
image which endeared Dr. King to 
the American people and made Mar-
tin Luther King, Jr, Day possible. 
Even though many organizations 
other than King's Southern Chris-
tian Leadership Conference actively 
fought for civil rights, Dr. King has 
become synonymous with the Civil 
Rights Movement. His popular ap-
peal is largely the result of his mes-
sage of nonviolence and love, which 
he brilliantly conveyed through his 
speeches. 

However, while the March on 
Washington and King 's famous 
speech were moving, they failed to 
express much of the black 
community 'S anger and frustration 
of government inaction on civil 
rights, and the pervasiveness of rac-
ism and raCial violence. John Lewis, 
a leader of the Student Non-Violent 
Coordinating Committee (SNCC), 
who had seen FBI agents stand aside 
and watch as the Freedom Riders 
were beaten while trying to integrate 
buses, also spoke at the March on 
Washington. The leaders of the 
march, however, censored Lewis 's 
speech, because he was critical of 

the government and urged for a 
more militant stance in the struggle 
for civil rights. The leaders of the 
march were far from being radicals, 
and in fact, had organized the march 
under the auspices of the Kennedy 
administration. 

Fearful of blacks marching on 
Washington and demanding civil 
rights, President Kennedy, in the 
words of White House advisor 
Arthur Schlesinger, "sought to in-
corporate the Negro revolution into 
the Democratic coalition .... " Hav-
ing sanctioned the march, the 
Kennedy administration did not 
want any speeches that would tar-
nish its image as a libC:ral champion 
of civil rights. 

In Malcolm X's assessment, the 
March on Washington was not a vic-
tory for the Civil Rights Movement, 
but rather, it "became a picnic, a cir-
cus .... No, it was a sellout. It was a 
takeover." 

The speech may have been a 
symbol of the Civil Rights move-
ment, but it did little to pacify the 
black community'S rage. While the 
national government enacted civil 
rights legislation, such as the Vot-
ing Rights Act of 1965, blacks in 
the ghetto expressed their disap-
pointment at the discrepancy be-
tween federal law and the lack of 
improvement in living conditions 
and the way they were treated. The 
same year the Voting Rights Act 
was signed, the black ghetto of 
Walts in Los Angeles exrloded 
with rioting, firebomb ing and loot-

Repairs 

10% OFF 

I TOYOTA I Suzuki Mazda 

King criticized the 
mat.rlallsm, 
militarism, 
capitalism and rigid 
cl .... ' •• mof 
American socl.ty. 
He could no long.r 
acc.pt slmpl. 
governm.nt r.form. 
_ sufflcl.nt 
progre .... 
ing. In 1966, there were riots in 
Chicago. By 1967,.there had been 
eight major uprisings and 123 mi-
nor skirmishes in ghettos around 
the country. 

1967 was also the year in which 
King fell out of favor with the gov-
ernment, and, as stated in a 1976 . 
Senate report on the FBI, it was the 
year in which the FBI tried "to de-
stroy Dr. Martin Luther King. " One 
of the reasons why the government 
began to distrust King - and why 
Americans hear so little about this 

MHsublshl Isuzu Acura Dalhsat'RI;,'mAm 
Excellent references from our satisfied customers! 

Minor Tune Up Special $29!.$55; 
1. Spark plugs Our tune up includes a lot more than others. It includes: 
2. Distributor points 6. Adjust dwell angla 10. Check undercarriage lor 
3. Condensers 7. Check brakes damages 
4. Adjust Timing 8. Check ctutch 11 . Check cooling system & hoses 5. Check and replenish alilluid 

and oil levels 
9. Check lights 12. Road test 

35-polnt Major Service Special $69* 
Extra lor fuel-injected. Our major tune up includes: (reg. $150) 

1. eompr_1on tell 
2. v.Iw 8dju_t 
....... : 3._ ...... guk. 

(/ft>MJ«/) . 
• . 8pM< ptuge. 
5. DiobtIutor poIn4a. 

6.~. 
?AIr_. 
8. Oil fIIte<. 9. Gu_._ 
10. Engine oil 

I 1. Adjust timing 
12. Adjust dwell angle 
13. Adjust carburetor 
14. Adlust air & fuel ratio 

mi~ture 
15. Adjust steering box 
16. Adlust clutch 
17. Adjust brakes 
18. Adlust emergency brakes 
19. Check & adjust exposed 

be~s 

20. Lube front end 
21 . Check & replenish all 

fluid & oil levels 
22. Check electrical system 
23. Check lor loose & lost 

bo~s 
24. Check brakes 
25. Check clutch 
26. Check lights 
27. Check undercarriage 

lor damages 

28. Check and recharge 
batteries. il necessary 

29. Rotate tires (il needed) 
30. Check tire pressure 
31 . Lube door hinges 
32. Check all holders 
33 . Check cooling system & 

hoses 
34. Check exhaust system 
35. Road test 

Not.: lor 6-cytinder car. add $20. Toyota Supra • • add $30. Oatsun 200SX with 8 spark plugs. add $35. 

Complete $164 * 
Clutch Job 

1. Transmission input shaft StOll (ucepl HondU) 
2. Pressule ptale 
3. Clot'Use 
... ThrowoUl Manno 
5. PlIot b •• lrio9 
6. New lf1nsmlSSlOn 011 
7 Road lesl 

Notl. hydraullc Plitt 
•• tIOtCO\ltfld Nee 
IOf 4WO fram ~bell 

Brake Job 
Special 

Front or rear. Brake job inclvdes: 
1 Install special new padS Of Install rear 

.. blitklshoes 
2. O,.ln old ". ... nuicl 
3 IfISI)eCt complet. hyd"~i' system 
• R.fiK hydQojc nu~ 

Timing Belt Special $99* 

5. Sited entire brake system 
6. AdjUSllronl (It drums) ind 

r~1 shoes 
7. R,ptae, fronl rOlor sUls (It 
rotor, turn) 
8. ROO<l test 

Brand new parts. Ask about our specials on engines. All our work has a 2-year or 
20,OOO-mile limited warranty. All prices include parts and labor. 

•• 

period of his life - is because King 
began to link racial and economic 
issues, and became a vocal critic of 
U.S. militarism and U.S. interven-
tion in Vietnam. 

King said, "The black revolu-
tion ... suggests that radical recon-
struction of society itself is the real 
issue to be faced . We are engaged 
in a class struggle .... " King began 
criticizing the materialism, milita-
rism, capitalism and rigid class sys-
tem of American society. No 
longer could the government make 
token gestures toward equality to 
pacify King and the Civil Rights 
Movement. King could no longer 
accept simple government reforms 
as sufficient progress. He saw that 
economic disparity, as a result of 
capitalism, was intertwined with 
racial inequality, leading to his cri-
tique of the political structure it-
self. 

Americans have learned very 
lillie about King's analysis of the 
"problem of the gulf between the 
haves and the have-nots." However, 
King sought to show how race, dass 
and gender maintain a stratified so-
ciety, in which an elite maintains 
power while so many people, re-
gardless of race or gender, all mired 
in devastating poverty. 

The question of civil rights be-
comes increasingly complex when 
it involves all aspects of society, 
instead of a single group, which is 
easily identified by the color of its 
ski n. Conservatives point to promi-
nent black leaders and bus iness 

people as signs of increasi ng racial 
equality. However, many people of 
all races remain too poor, too un-
educated, too unskilled or too 
marginalized to even apply to URl-
versities or corporate jobs. 

In order to universally extend 
civil and human rights, simple so-
cial and political reforms are inad-
equate. Equality requires that we 
reexamine and restructure our gov -
ernment, our society, our values 
and our priorities. As we observe 
Martin Luther King, Jr. Day this 
year, instead of quoting his "I Have 
a Dream" speech, we should quote 
from his 1967 speech on revolu-
tion, in which he said, " It is forc-
ing America to face all its interre-
lated flaws - racism, poverty, 
militarism and materialism. It is 
exposing evils that are rooted 
deeply in the whole structure of our 
society. It reveals systemic rather 
than superficial flaws and suggests 
that radical reconstruction of soci-
ety itself is the real issue to be 
faced ." 

If the Civil Rights Movement 
requires a fundamental social 
change, that change must begin with 
us today. It begins with a change in 
our attitudes, values, priorities and 
way of interpreting society -
whether we accept a stratified soci-
ety as inevitable, or whether we 
question the culture, capitalist sys-
tem and social hierarchy which 
cause the extreme disparities be-
tween the rich and poor, the haves 
and have-nots. 

eals 
Easy, 10 easy. One al a lime. 

UCSD MEAL DEALS •• 

6" MEATBALL 
SANDWICH 
....,..,. .... 

IIOW ...... MarcIl 1 • . 
Not ,* wi III)' oilier on • . 

for $1 ~u!t 
X 8008 Miramar Rd. ••••••••••••••••••••••••• VALID ONLY AT COSTA VERDE 8r MIRAMAR LOCATIONS. PLEASE 
--695-1990 PRESENT UCSD 10. Exp. 3116195 

6780 MIRAMAR ROAD BEHIND CARL'S JR. 
87!50 GENESEE IN THE COSTA VERDE CENTER 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 



6 OPINION 

Student on-Campus Job OpportunlUcs 
Programmer Analyst I Posidon 
Dudes Summary: Software Engineering - specify. design. implement. test. and 
document general system level software packages focused around image pro-
cessing and realtime data acquisition. Implement oceanographic specific and 
general application software related to sate llite image data and realtime in-si tu 
data. Continue system management and admini tration of all mini-computers 
online in the Laboratory (HP 700 series systems). Hourly rate is approximately 
$14.86. UC Student Employee Job #904150; Need Student Job Referral. 
Two-Dimensional Signal Analysis and Digital Image Analysis Position 
Duties Summary: Assist under supervision with collection. preliminary pro-
cessing (calibration and data quality control) of engineering data set obtained 
from shipboard (in situ) observations and from satellites. Assist under supervi-
sion with the engineering analysis. synthesis. and assimilation of these data sj!ts 
into a graphical display format sui table for engineering interpretation. Assist 
with the implementation of Fuzzy Logic and Neural Network Tree Classifiers 
and ancillary training sets. Hourly rate is approximately $11.19. UC Student 
Employee Job #904102; Need Student Job Referral. 
Contact: Dr. James J. Simpson. Ext. 42789. email: jsimpson@ucsd.edu. 

~ ,Zetawe 
'\ 

* T- • Hats 

New patterns uad designs for 
Greek LetterS-to choose from! 

5297 liNDA \'tsTA RD.· 293·0990 

FULL SERVICE CAR WASH 
& Turtle Wax Sealer 

COSTA 
VERDE 

8505 Costa Verde Blvd .• 587·4844 

CAR WASH ~ 
WE RECYCLE 
OUR WATER 

-t-UCSD I 
~ 

La Jolla Village Dr. lITe 
I II I I ~UI Dr. ~ 

OPEN 7 DAYS. ALL SOFT CLOTH WASH 
SHELL GASOLINE & DIESEL AT COMPETITIVE PRICES 
----------------------Full Service $ 99 S~~b~ P!! !A~! 3 ... ws 

I C ·\R WASil Not "alid ..,;tIl any other oller. SAVE $4.26 I 
I ExpIr" 2/21/95 ~-----------------______ I 

,Library 
Tours 

The Universtty Ubrary is offering 
orientation tours on the following days: 

Tuesday, January 17, 5-6pm 
Wednesday, January 18, 3-4pm 
Wednesday, January 25, 6-7pm 

Thursday, January 26, 2-3pm 

Meet in room 276 in the University 
Library (turn left as you enter, 

look for the sign) 

The UCSD Guardian 

VOICES: 
Continued from .,.,. 4 
social justice1, we've learned there 
will be no vacation, that we can't 
take a day off. 

Ramon 
Gutierrez 

Chair/Professor of 
Ethnic Studies, UCSD 

Civil rights was successful in 
gaining larger access to educational 
institutions, work opportunities and 
housing ... to a large number of 
people. Whether it's transformed the 
United Stales - you still have mi-
norities in the bottom rungs of the 
country. 

There is a growing hostility to-
ward minorities, particularly with 
Proposition 187 ... There 's also·Gov. 
Wilson's proposal to end affirmative 
action. Affirmative action has had 
a complicated history, but it gave 
opportunities of housing and em-
ployment to a variety of people who 
were formerly locked out. One can 
onl y expect that .. there will be 
greater mobilization of these popu-
lations. 

Sharon Apple 
Vice Chair of Student 

Affirmative Action 
Committee (SAAC), 

UCSD 
The Cjvil Rights Movement 

made people see ~rtain things in 
different aspects. It helped people 
to see that there are certain privi-
leges given' to people because of 
their [skin1 color ... [but] it's not only 
.based on color or sex, but on 
ethnicity or even sexual preference. 

I don'tlhink that the Civil Rights 
Movement changed, but it 's not as 
slrong as il was in the past. It's not 
as needed now as it was then, be-
cause we have [programs] like af-

Tuesday, January 17, 1995 

Below is the racial breakdown at UCSD by number and 
percentage. 

Native American 

- ".~::::;:":::~I': 2.6% African American 
..... 382 

firmative action. There are laws now 
that have made the Civil Rights . 
Movement less needed. 

[But1 things still need to be done. 
We don't have total equality for ev-
ery race, creed or ethnicity. I don't 
think equality will ever be achieved 
-only if we teach our children thaI 
everybody is equal. 

Unconsciously, some people 
think that because they are in the 
lower class, Ihey don't have oppor-
tunities. They don't see that they can 
[achieve certain goals.1 Civil rights 
has changed its goals. We're not 
only fighting for equality by race, 
but also by class. Lower classes are 
trying to get the same opportunities 
as [upper1 classes. 

Carla Tesak 
A.S. President, UCSD 

I don't think it's [civil rights1 
where it should be ... , but we've 
come a long way. There's a lot more 
subtle discrimination . For the 
amount of time that has gone by, 
we've made great strides. But his-
torically, stereotypes [and] subtle 
discrimination [are1 hard to change. 

Source: UCSD Student Profite. Fall 1993 
Paula Lee/Guardian 

There needs to be a change. 
Right now, it's kind of stagnant. 
[Current strategies 1 arc nol success-
ful in alleviating discrimination .. . 
there's a 101 of backlash. The idea 
behir:d affirmative action is right, 
but the results get a 101 of resent-
ment. It's discredited under-repre-
sented groups. People assume that 
they're [in a given position1-because 
of affirmative action, not because of 
their qualifications or hard work .... 
I don't think that it has achieved 
[success1 in closing the gap. 

ATTENTION 
OPINION 
WRITERS 

(OLD AND PROSPECTIVE) 

Meeting on 
Monday, 6 p.m. 

AMPLICON, INC. 
Financial Services I Leasing 

Seeking full-time Sales 
Account Executives 

. • responsible for specific geographic territory 
• generate new accounts 
• negotiate equipment financing packages to 

middle market and large corporations 
Qualified individuals must be finanCially motivated and display a 
strong work ethic. All degrees / majors welcome to apply 

Job Location: Santa Ana, California 
Salary: $25,000·$30,000 

plus commissions, bonuses, and competitive benefits 

Send resume to: 

AMPUCON, INC., ATTN: Victor Scherr 
5 Hutton Centre Drive, Suite 500 

Santa Ana, CA 82707 
FAX (714) 751-7557 EOE 

Tuesday, January 17, 1995 The UCSD Guardian 

MARI'IN' LUTHER KING, JR. 

. Cathy Hirota/Guardian 
Over 100 students, faculty and staff represented UCSD at the MartIn Luther KIng, Jr. parade 
through downtown San Diego. Marchers from the the five campus coll.ges, UCSD Medical Center 
and UCSD Black Staff AssociatIon carried banners honoring the civil rights leader. 

LIGHTS & SIRENS 
Monday, Dec. 5 tal Health. 
4:00 p.m.: A staff member reported Thursday, Jan. 5 
the theft of a computer from the 1:23 a.m.: A non-affiliate reported 
Interna l Medicine Group. Loss: the theft of a Honda CBR 600 from 
$2,977. lot 309. Loss: $6,200. 
4:50 p.m.: A student reported the Friday, Jan. 6 
theft of clothes and jewelry from 10:15 a.m.: Officers arrested a 37-
Bates Hall. Loss: $659. year-old male non-affiliate for driving 
6:45 p.m.: A student reported the under the influence and his 32-year-
theft of jewelry and furniture from old male non-affiliate companion for 
3393 Regents Rd. Loss: $4,700. possessionofmarijuanaattheGlider 
Tuesday, Dec. 6 • port. Transported to City Jail. 
4:09 a.m.: A 19-year-old male stu- 1:09 p.m.: A student reported the 
dent suffered a back injury, a pos- theft of a Motive mountain bike from 
sible fractured ankle and severe rope the Muir apartments. Loss: $100. 
burns after falling 25 feet while ille- 5:45 p.m.: A student reported the 
gaily repelling down Pacific Hal l. burglary of an '86 Nissan Sentra 
Transported to Thornton Hospital. from Regents Rd. Loss: $500. 
Tueaday, Dec. 13 Sunday, Jan. 8 
12:50 a.m.: Officers arrested a 30- 1.1:50 a.m.: A non-affiliate reported 
year-old female non-affiliate for pos- the burglaryof a '94 NissanAltima at 
session of drug paraphernalia and the Coast apartments. Loss: $125. 
for outstanding controlled substance 3:34 p.m.: A graduate student re-
warrants. Transported to City Jail. ported the burglary of an '81 Honda 
Thursday, Dec. 15 Accord at the Coast Apartments. 
12:00 p.m.: A staff member reported Loss: $50. 
the theft of a Powerbook computer Monday, Jan. 9 
from the Basic Science Building. Loss 12:30 p.m.: A student reported the 
$2,000. theft of a Giant mountain bike from 
Saturday, Dec 17 Tenaya Hall. Loss: $445. 
4:45 p.m.: A non-affiliate reported 4:15 p.m.: A student reported the 
the theft of cash from the Mandeville theft of a Trek bicycle from the 
Box Office. Loss: $100. Marshall College residence halls. 
Monday, Dec. 19 Loss: $350. 
3:04 p.m.: Officers arrested a 26- 9:49 p.m.: A student reported van-
year-old male non-affiliate for pos· dalism to a Maroon '89 Oldsmobile 
session of an illegal weapon and at lot 200 . 
possession of a loaded firearm in a 1.1:30 p.m.: A student reported the 
vehicle on university property. Trans· burglary of a Grey '85 Pontiac from 
ported to County Detention Facility. lot 102. Loss: $150. 
Tuesday, Dec. 20 Tuesday, Jan. 10 
1:33 a.m.: Officers arrested a 36- 12:30 a.m.: A student reported the 
year-old male non-affiliate for pos- burglary of an '85 Pontiac. Loss: 
session of methamphetamine and $250. 
two outstanding warrants for driving 3:40 p.m.: A student reported the 
under the influence at Nobel & theft of a '94 Jeep Laredo from lot 
Genesee. Transported to County Jail. 701. Loss: $20,000. 
Monday, Dec. 26 4:15 p.m.: A student reported the 
10:50 a.m.: Officers arrested a 38- theft of a white '87 Toyota Forerun-
year·old male non-affiliate at the ner from lot 701. Loss: $1,000+. 
Gliderport for an outstanding war- 5:30 p.m.: A student reported the 
rant for violating Metropolitan Tran- theft of laundry from a Roosevelt 
sit Regulations. Cited and released. college residence hall. Loss: $200. 
Thursday, Dec. 29 
1:23 a.m.: Officers arrested a 29-
year-old male non-affil iate for three 
suspended license violations and 
petty theft at lot 207. Cited and 
released. 
Tuesday, Jan. 3 
9:19 a.m.: A staff member attempted 
suicide. Transported to County Men· 

Wednesday, Jan. 11 
9:48 a.m.: A student reported the 
theft of a checkbook and a daily 
planner from Muir Apartments. Loss: 
$25. 
9:00 a.m.: A student reported the 
burglary of a black '92 Jeep from lot 
701. Loss: $300. 

Don't get caught In 
tights & Sirens 

3:30 p.m.: A student reported the 
burglary of a white '89 Camaro from 
lot 701. Loss: $2,275. 
4:25 p.m.: Officers arrested a 42 
year old male staff member at lot 
104 for misuse of a handicapped 
placard. Cited and released. 
8:30 p.m.: A student reported the 
burglary of a black '87 Toyota Fore-
runner from lot 608. Loss: $1,040. 
Thursday, Jan. 12 
1:00 p.m.: Officers arrested a 20-
year-old studentfor misuse of a hand~ 
capped placard from lot 206. 
3:30 p.m.: A student reported the 
burglary of a Gold '94 Pathfinder. 
Loss: $100. 
8:24 p.m.: A student reported the 
theft of a grey '86 Honda Accord from 
lot 604. Loss: $1,000+. 
Friday, Jan. 13 
10:25 a.m.: A student reported the 
vandalism of a vehicle at lot 305. 
Loss $500. 
1:00 p.m.: A student reported the 
theft of a stroller from Lebon Dr. 
Loss: $100. 
1:20 p.m.: A student reported the 
theft of a grey '89 Jeep from lot 701. 
Loss: $14,000. 
9:15 p.m.: A student reported the 
burglary of a '94 Ford Explorer from 
lot 701. Loss: $891. 
Saturday, Jan. 14 
1.1:54 a.m.: A student reported the 
theft a white '86 Toyota from lot 704. 
Loss: $14,000. 
12:35 p.m.: A 12-year-old male suf-
fered from facial. head and shoulder 
injuries after falling from a second-
story window on Regents Rd. Trans-
ported to the Children 's Hospital. 
7:36 p.m.: A non-affiliate reported 
the theft of an '88 Honda Accord 
from lot 208. Loss: $10,000. 
9:13 p.m.: Officers arrested a 52-
year-old male non-affiliate at the Old 
Student Center for an outstand ing 
warrant for possession of an illegal 
weapon. Transported to City Jail. 
Sunday, Jan. 15 
12:28 I.m.: An 18-year-old female 
student suffered from a psychotic 
reaction after taking hallucinogenic 
drugs at the Matthews apartments. 
Transported to Thornton Hospital. 

-Complied by 
Erik Johnson, Staff Writer 

Lights and Sirens is a selection of 
entries compiled from the log book 
of the UCSD Police Department. 

.111 ....... 

....... ..,.; 

HAIR 
SKIN 

NAILS 

NEWS 7 

With A Style From YOUNG 
ATTITUDES and This Ad! 

th}Uf' 
Mond4\ , hK1t" & 
",,,turd~v-'hm 6rrn 

Men's Cuts ........... $4 OFF 
(Rcg.21.0OJ 

rut\J"y, \X'NOC:'otl.lV &. 
J'hu'~y-').Im -Rpm Women's Cuts ...... $S OFF 

8843 Villa La Jolla Dr.. 
La Jolla Village Cenrer 
(Nw Ralph' & ''''on) 

For the D EDICATION OF 

(Kcg.26.00) 

FO~f,PI. 457-3334 

To NCeIw .wi ..,,1111on 1Icket 
..... -.d for EIe.nor Aa al .... 
College ......... come to 
... ...,... Nt up outaIde lie .... 
door (Prvvost'. 0fIIce IIdeI of UCTR 
412 on WednHCllly, JlnWlry 1. 

ELEANOR ROOSEVELT COLLEGE 
Thursday, Janwuy 26,1995 

4:00pm 
RIMAC Building, Main Arena 

with 
Hillary Rodham Clinton 

Doris Kearns Goodwin 
David B. Roosevelt 

Of Thureclly, JlnUiry 111 between 
t:OO I.m. Ind 4:00 p.m. You win be 
eIIotted 1 lluest !Jcket but we nHd 
... NlIM of your guest st the !Jm. 
you rec.lv. your ticket. Tick ... 
muat be picked up by 4:00 p.m. on 
.......,19. 

You m...t lhow your lludent 10 
eM! to NCeIve your tlcket(I) . 

DEDI CATION INF ORM ATION : 534 -5651 

·s.-J..InlU.-JApV ~:J8qlno .-JAOQ8 
P.-Jl8:JOI .-J.l.8.-J"'-\... ·UOHUIll.l.0JU! 

.-J.l.01.O .J:OJ ££t:'I-S£S :118:> 

SJ31f13 JuapllJS JaqJo Ja3W0 
sm8JXOJd sndml3 JOJ SpUDJ 3SJ8lI Ia 

smqs lIMO lOOA asooqJ 0 
souoq ApqXJU + JROq 19$ ti.m~0 

:Ol ~!unlJoddo aln SluapnlS 6u!Jajjo 
S! weJ60Jd lI~eaJlno 
aUOLIdalal as~n alll 



Tuesday, January 17, 1995 

WEEKLY 
CALENDAR 

ACADEMIC SERVICES 
Ongoing 

• UCSO VIsitor'. prog,.m is offering free Sunday after-
noon tours of UCSO for San Diego residellls and visitors. 
Mini-van tours are available the first and third Sundays of 
each month, staning at 3 p.m. from the Gilman Informarion 

Pav~ion. walking tours are offered on a~ernative Sundays, 
also staning aI 3 p,m. from the Gilman Pavilion. Special 
group tours can be arranged upon request. The tours In-
clude some 0/ the sloan Collection 0/ outdoor 9Culptures, 
and do not incfude building interiors. There is a minimal 
UCSO partcing 1M. Re .. rvations are necessary, and may 
be made by calling 534-4414. 
.9-4:30 p.m. The OAStS Wrlttng Center is a free service 
foJ UCSO students. We offer individual writing conferences 
for any type 0/ writing project: papers, personal stllemellls 
and CfeetiIIe writing. Calf 534-2284 for an appointmelll or 
drop by our ofIice in the otd Student Celller, BUIding A. Room 
214. 
• OASIS LAng.,.. prog,.m provides free tutoring as-
sillance to students whose native language is not English 
and to those doing work in Spanish, French and Russian. 
A diagnostic test on written English is available on requesl. 
Monday-Thursdays 9:00-4:30prn and Fridays 9:00am-
3:00pm. Cau 534-2284 for more inlomlllion or drop by our 
office at Student Center Building A. Room '214. 
• Lat OASIS Study IleMgement Center help you this 
quaner with time management, notetaking and ed_ing, text-
book analysis, memory, ftexiblelspeed reading, vocabulary 
deIIetopmelll, and GRE Pfeparalipn Wortcshops. Slop by 
YQf1( Hall 4010 or call 534-7344 to set up a perllOfl8l ap-
pointmelll. Also, stay on the looI<out for those valuable OA-
SIS Study Skills Worl<shops. Monday-Thursday 8:00 a. m. -
4:30 p.m., and Fridays 8 am.- l :00 p.m. 
• Mllltor II you're graduating lhis quarter and job-seek-
ing, we'll match you with a professional in your field of inter-
est who will get you started networking In the local job mar-
ket. Sign up at reference room desk, Free. Career Sarvices. 
• ProIeuIonaVGr8dude Schoat Advt"ng Daily appoint-
ments avaIlable lor issues related to admISSion to profes-
sional or graduate school. Call 534-4939. Career Sarvices. 
.8 a.m .... p.m. StGI + Computer-UMd prog,.m of Col-
,.., Information designed to help you clarify your skills 
values and interests, For more info, come to Caree. Sar-
vices Center. $ 1 O. 
• I :30-4 p.m. DrojHn Advl"ng For help with career goals, 
job hunting, resume preparation and related issues, No ap-
pointment needed. just walk in. Career Sarvices. 

HEALTH AND FITNESS 
Ongoing 

• Corne and check out your physical fitnessl Sign up for 
FlTSTOP fO( a personal, free physical fitness assessment, 
Sign-ups are downstairs in the Student Health Center. 
• Start the year off right. GET IN SHAPEI Come to Student 

Hea~h Services, second ftoor, sogn up for a FREE nness 
Assessment. Call 534-24 t 9 for info. 
• FREE SEXueI HMIth Informlltlon at Student Health. 
Leam about birth control and STDs from Student Health 
Advocales on the 2nd ftoor. Call 534-2419 for information. 
• Hllve you Inclufgecf In _ too fIIIny JunIl food bf,..? 
Keep tabs on your cholesterol leIIel by coming to Student 
Heanh. Call 534-2419 for schedule. 
• GET IN SHAPE WITH FrTWALY.. Free I~ness walking 
program sponsored by Student Hea~h Advocates, MlWfThI 
F 12-12:5Opm, M/TLiTh 4-4:50 p.m. Times vary each quar-
ter. For more information call 534-1824. Bring a friendl 
• FREE Condomll 00 you know about H IV? If you have a 
group of 10 0( more you can request an HIV Peer Educator 
Program. Well tailor a program 10 meet your groups needs. 
• Flu Shotl lvell.ble at Student Heanh SeNre.-. Pro-
teel yourself for this upcoming willler! Only 55!! MlTw'Th 8-
11 a.m., Wed 9-11 a,m" Fri 8-11 a.m. & 1-3 p.m. 
• Want to learn more about sexual health issues? Altend a 
Women. Sexual Heanh InfomNltlon Se.alon: ~s FREE. 
Corne to·the second floor of Studelll Health Services Mon-
days 2:00, Tuesdays and Thursdays 10:00 and 1 :00, 
Wednesdays 11 :00 and 1 :00, 
• Looking to improve your health? Come to the second 
floor of Studenl HeaKh Sarvleesl FREE NUIr_1OM1 HMnh 
AaMalmente. Cholesterol screenings only $5, 
• Get in shape with FrTWALK. MHI.t the Sun God 
4:00pm Mon-Tnur., as long as weather permits. Sponsored 
by Student Heanh Advocates. Any questions, Call Mahdu 
@ 534-2419. See you therel 

CLUBS AND MEETINGS 
Ongoing 

• The Chi Ca" Collective is looking for members. 00 
you Iille 10 cook? 00 you wanl 10 team how? Drop by the 
Chi Ca" dlling business hours: M-F 11 a.m, - 2 p.m., W 4 
p.m.-6 p.m. 
• Want to gel Invollled with a Christian llroup that has a 
sincere heart lor God? Come and check alA Campul C ..... 
MdetorCIwtatI For more informaIioncall Man 11581 -1653. 
• The W_a AHOUrca Centar We encourage new 
(and old) students to come in and become familiar with our 
many teMcel lind diICusIion groups. We are locIred in 
!he Sludelll Cenler, right next 10 A. S. Ltclill Not.s. Drop 
by and MY Hit 

" ( . The UCSD Guardian 

• Glva beck to your cunu,. by promoting ca.-_ ... 
neal .mong the Atlln Communltyl It takes only 3 hours 
per month to participate in an alAraach. If you have any 
questionS, contact Geo<gia Robins Sadler, Ph.D. of the 
Cancer Center Outreach Program at 534-7611 . 
• Ward to check out a Christian group with a sklcere heart 
for God? Find out about campu. CNMde tor Chrtatl 
• "Cane« .... -. among the A_n community" is 
a rewarding experience thai takes 3 hours/month! Talk to 
and increase _reness abolA cancer among Asians In San 
Diego. You only need to have a desire to inform the Asian 
community. Contact Dr. Geo<gia Sadler at 534-7611 . 

Monday. JaflUlll)' 16 
.3 p.m. IIucIant Env"-'lll Action Coalition Cam-
pus Ecoklgy Meeting. Everyone is Weloomel ItS our cam-
pus, our community, our stale, our planet. Questions? CaN 
534-7909. Meeting above Soft Reserves in Room 208. 
(-"1}1 
• 4:05 p.m. AaveIIe Prog,.1IIIIIIng Board meeting'. Deans 
o/fice. I-"IY) 
• 7 p.m. LaabIIIn Gay BI_ual "-latlon General 
business ~ing, come out and get involvedl Location: 
Womens ReSOtXC8 Callier. 534-GAYS I-"IY) 
• 7 p.m. fnIematlOM, Club, Join us for a general meet-
ing at the International Celller. (Week/)') 
• 7 p.m. CIrcfe K fnIarnat1on11l meeting located on the 
second ftoor of the Price Celller, Gallery B. (-"1}1 

TIJIISday. January 1 r 
• 2:30-4 p.m. J.pane .. LInguage T.ble. Meet new 
people, practice your Japane ... PC Berlleley Room. Spon-
sored by JAAMS (Japanese American Society) (-.\-1}1 
.5-6 p.m. UCSO SIngle P.renta Support Group meet-
ing. The group is an inIIaluabie resource to single parents 
at UCSO. Participants share their e.periences and conse-
quently receive a wealth of reassurance and support. They 
help one another improw parenting skills and to increase 
their academic efficiency and productivity. Location: UCSO 
Ear1y Childhood Center, Mu~i-Pllpo" room. Calf 546-a148 
for informalion. !-"Iy) 
• 6:30 p.m, lIarn to apeak In front oIl1roupe_ Pacific 
Beach Toastmasters meets at the Santa Clara Rec Celller, 
1008 Santa Clara Place. Guests welcome free. For more 
information, call linda at 491 -0825. (~1}1 
.7:30 - 9:00 p.m. - Campul CNMde lor Chrlat'. "Prime 
- TIme" meeting will be held at csa 004. Come check out 
how to "Trust God·. This week. 
• 4:00 p,m. - Perelln Club's first ~ing of the Winter 
artr. will be held today at 4:00 p.m. Davis AoomIPrice Cntr. 
We will discuss the upcoming wents & talk about starting 
!he Persian Studies @ UCSD. For more info call 458-0567 
or come to our office above Soft Reserves. 

Wednesday, January 18 
.3 p.m. Studant EnvIronmental Action Coalition Cam-
pus Outreach/BlOdiversity meeting. Everyone is Welcome I 
Its our campus, our community, OI.J' state, our planet. Ques-
lions? Call 534-7909. Meeting above Soft Reserves in Room 
208. (-"1}1 
• 5 p.m. WIIcIernea. Club: Join nature enthusiasts for 
hiking, bilcing, climbing, backpacking, and morel Meet above 
KSOT althe picnic tables or call 260-6914 for weekly infor-
marion. (-"1}1 
• 7 p.m. LIat IncilCoitor (Alternative Media Publlcatfon) 
Meeting. Looking lor writers, phoIographers, layout artists, 
what8\l8r you wish to contribute. Be a part of Altemative 
Media. (Wee/<Iy) 
• 7 p.m. Food Co-opOperationai meetings in the Student 
Organizations Room above the Food Co-op and Bike Shop. 
(Wll6k1}1 
• 7:00 p.m. - 1 II lM8Iing of the S,F.F_ (Skata For Fun) 
Skateboard Club at Round Tabte Pizza in the Price Cen-
ter. Questions call 558-2005 
• 6:30 p.m. - Come to Amnnty IntematlOMl @ UCSO's 
general interest meeting to learn more about the state of 
human rights around the world. In WLH 21 11 . Call Man @ 
458-9094 for more inlo. 
• 7 - 8 p.m. - Welcome back! Mark your calendar lor 
Ralaract's first winter quaner meeting al the International 
Center conlerenee room. We are affiliated with the La Jolla 
Golden Triangle Rotary Club. We perform community ser-
vice activ~ies , such as ·Habitat for Humanity" this Saturday 
- January 21 . New members are welcome. 

Thursday, January '9 
.3 p.m. Student Envtronmentat Action Coalition Cam-
pus Recycling Committee. Ewryone is Welcomel Its O\J' 
campus, our community, OI.J' stale, our planet. a.-ions? 
Call 534-7909. Meeting above Soft Reserves in Room 208. 

(~1}1 
.5:30 p.m. American Chemical SocIlCy, Studelll AfIiIi-
ales are pulling on a field trip to Tanoo. Research tat;s. 
Email acS@chem or call James at 534-6176 W Interested. 
Location: csa 001. (-"1}1 
• 5 p.m. - ATF - A",eI" T,.nalw Forum. Join us for the 
first meeting 0/ the quarter. All transfer students are wel-
come. See you there! 

Friday, .lanuary 20 
.,2 p.m. Come have lunch wllh FSSt and meet 'fOUl 
professor, at the International Center. AU-you-can-eat lunch 
$2,50. (-"1}1 
• 12-1:30p.m. P.n-.... nCommunltyFONm Maybfing 
lunch. Leader: .Jeanne Manese, 534-3035. Mountain View 
Lounge. (weldy) 
.2-4 p.m. AICohoI.nd Subatanca Abu .. Group: led by 
Dan MlIlOl, 534-37~. (ww/dy) 
• ,2-I - EnJoy htvtng lunch w/ profe.- from vatku 

departmerts in a relaxed atmosphere_ This is a great way 
to get to know 'fOUl professors and for them to know you. 
You don1 have to talk about academics e~her. You can 
bting your lunch or buy ~ for only $2.50. Check ~ alA at the 
InlemationaJ Celller. between the retail stO(e and Oceanic 
Pavilion. (_kly) 

SattKday, January 21 
.4-6 p.m. Campul Black FONm Led by Phil Raphael 
and Fred VIInhoose, Moulllain V __ Loooge. (weekly) 

EVENTS AND RECREATION 
OngoIng 

• RIMAC - lours available 10 a,m.-6 p.m. on the hour. 
Free aerobics classes, racquetball, squash, Volleyball, bas-
ketball courts , 

Tuesday, January 1 r 
.7:30 p.m. CaI-AnImaga has FREE Japanese Animation 
IIhows (subtkled in English) in Solis Hall 107. (Wll6kIy) 
Wedne8day, January 18 
• 7 p.m. Ad¥wIIIn. In WIndow-Llcklng, Undermining 
the r~uals , Periormance and book presentation by UCSO's 
Experimenlal Wfting Class. Free admission to aI. The per-
formance win be held in the VISUIIl Arts Perfoonance Space 
AI306. (-"1}1 

Sullday, January 22 
• 10 a.m. The Archery Club at UCSD meets behind 
Thornton Hospital. Can Tania at 556-0823 foJ questions. 
(Wll6k1}1 

RELIGIOUS SERVICES 
Ongoing 

• Chl_ Evangallcal Church invites you to our Fri-
day college feflowshlp meeting at 7:30 p.m. and our Sun-
day worship service at 9: 15 a,m. Please join usl For more 
information, please call Pabto587-7937. Transportation 
provided. 
• Intwr VaBIty ChrtMlan Fellowship an interdenomi-
national, student led, Christian group. Small group bible 
studies meet on Monday, Tuesday, Wednesdayal fNery 
college with an all campus gather wery Thursday at 7:00 
p.m. at York 2622 for worship, speaker, and fellowship. 
For information call Jell at 521-1298. 
• Want 10 lIet invoMId with a Christian group that has a 
sincere heart f()( God? Come and check out Clmpu. 
Cruacle for Chrlatt F()( more Infonmation call Matt at 
581-1653. 
• Catholic CommunIty: At the University Lutheran 
Church, masses on Sundayal8:15a,m., 5, 7 and 9 p.m.; 
Tuesday at 5 p.m.; Wednesday at 9:30 p.m.; and Thurs-
day at 5 p.m. Thursday Supper al 6 p.m., $2, All Wel-
come! 
• lookIng to lind out mora.bout Chrfatlanlty? Want 
to get invoilled with a Christian group with a sincere heart 
for God? Check out Campus Crusade for Christ! 

Tuesday. January '7 
• 12 p.m. Bible atudy. student center. North Confer-
ence Room. (weekly) 
• 7:30 p.m. - 9:00 p.m. - Campus Crusade for Christ's 
"prime - time· weekly meeting will be tleld in CSB 004. 
Come check OIJl how you can "trust God· this week. 

Wednesday, January 18 
• 7 p,m. Apo8tofIc Fallowlhlp will be having Bible 
Study on the New Testament In Solis 110. Come and 
join usl (weelcl}1 

Sarurday, January 2' 
.6:30-7:30 p.m. CrMtIv. Worship Service. About, by 
and for college students and young adults. Good Sa-
maritan Episcopal Church, corner of Eastgate Mall & 
Genesee, 2 blocks north of UTC. Call 458-1501 for in-
formation 0( rides. ( .... 1}1 

Sunday. January 22 
• 10: 15 a.m. Celallratlon Service Contemporary wor-
ship service with CN8f 300 college students in attendance: 
band, drama and most importantly ... retll\l8nt HmIOIl 
topics! 4747 College Avenue, San Diego. Need a ride? 
558-0632. (1I'Hk1y) 

SERVICES/WORKSHOPS 
OngoIng 

• Women. Peer Counaalors (trained by Psych, Sarvices) 
Need a confidential friendly ear to listen? Walk-in hours or 
caH for appoilllment, Womens Resourco Celller. 

Monday, January t 8 
.'2:30-2 p.m. Men, Work and AetetlonehfpGroup: Led 
by Jeanne M_se, 534-3035, and Fred Vanh0088. Call for 
sign-up. Mountain View Loooge. (Wll6k1}1 
.3-4:30 p.m. Gracluahl Mane .nd Women. Group: Led 
by Equila Luke, 534-3755, and Howard Rubin. Can for sign-
up lind location. (-.\-1}1 
.4-5:30 p.m. Lelbfan W-a Support Group: Led by 
Nickle Golden, 534-3456. Can for informalion. R_11e Col-
lege Provost Bldg. (Wll6k1}1 
.4-5:30 p.m. - Women MoIeatacI •• Child,.: Led by 
Beverly McCreary, 534-3585 , and Ellen Greenfield. 
Women', Studies Conf. Am .. HSS (Wll6k1}1 
.4-5:30 p.m. - LaabIIIn • BI_ual W_'. Support 

CALENDARS 

Group: Led by Nlckie. Revelle College Provost Bldg. 
(Wll6k1}1 

TueSday, January 1 r 
.3-4:30 p.m. - Adult ChIki,.n of AIcohoIIcI Paycho-
Educational Support Group. Led by Alex Shafer, 534-
3035, and a peer counselor. Mountain View Lounge. 
( .... ,.", 
• 12 p.m. Alcohollce Anonymou. open meeting. Muir 
Biology BUilding Room 1208. Newcomers welcome I 
( .... ,.", 
• 1 p.m. Leablan., o.y, • BlN.ual.t Have ques-
tiona? Want lIOITI8OI1e 10 talk 101 Need a supportive en-
vironment? Drop by Literature Building 3247 and talk to 
Brian. ( ..... /yj 
• 4-5:30 p.m. Woman moI"ted •• chIldren: Led by 
Beverly McCreary, 534-3585. Call for sign-up. 1003 GH. 
( ..... ,.", 
• 6:00 p.m. - Learn more about being a Revelle Orien-
tation leader - Come to an information sesaion 116pm at 
the Revetle Adm. Bldg. 
• 1-2 p.m. - The peer counselors from RED (Aecovar-
Ing from EatIng OIaordan) are now holding drop-In 
l1oul$. If you have concerns about yourself or a friend, 
or simply would like to ask questions, please stop by. 
Strictly confidential . Held in Women', Environment 
Resourse Room in HSS Building. (weelcly) 

WedflfidaY, January 18 
• 10:30 a.m.-noon Man.nd Woman MoIftWduChlf-
dren: Led by Miriam losupovlci, 534-3755, and Fred 
Vanhoose. GIll for sign-up. Revelle Formal Lounge 
( .... Iy) 
• 12 p. m. LIebI.n., g.y •• nd blN.ual,' Have ques-
tions? Want someone to talk Io? Need a supportive en-
vironment? Drop by HSS 2056 to talk IoAnn Lyn. (WII6k/yj 
.3-4:30 p.m. Women moInted •• chIldren: Led by 
Miriam losupovicl, 534-3755, and Alex Shafer. Call for 
sign-up. 1003 GH, (weekly) 
.3-4:30 p.m. GrIaf Group: Led by John WU, 534-1579, 
and Nancy Wahlig, 534-5793, Call for sign-up. Rwalle 
Provost Bldg. ( .... ,.", 
• 6:30-8 p,m. Gay.nd BlN.uaf ...". Support Group 
led by Brian and Matt. Come join us in a confidential and 
supportive environment. Student Center B South Con-
ference Room. (weelcl}1 
.1-2:30 p.m. (beginning Jan. 25th) - Does preoccupa-
tion with food & body image consume to much of your 
time? It's time to stop obsessing and start dealing with 
these issues. Be part of a support group(workshop deal-
ing with self-esteem, self-hate, family issues & food & 
body concerns. This group is led by peer counselors 
with personal experience. It is free & strictly confidential . 
To last 6 weeks. (weekl}1 

Thursday, January 19 
.6:30 p.m. Graduata Gay • BlNxual Men, Support 
Group: A safe, confidential environment to meet other 
gay and bisexual men and discuss concerns about sexu-
ality. Led by Matt in Student Center B, Lower Level Con-
ference Room. (weekl}1 
• 6:30 p.m. - Graduate G.y • BlNxual Man'. Sup-
port Group: A safe, confidential environment to meet 
other gay and bise.ual men and discuss concerns about 
se,uality. Led by Matt in Student Center B, Lower Lwei 
Conference Room. (weekly) 

Friday, January 20 
.,:30 - 2:30 p.m. - Naed to exprna aome _me 
r.g.rdlng neglliv. NK Image .nd unhe.lthy Ntlng 
pattern.? Have lOme quntlon,? Come speak to a 
peer counselor from the RED program & receive confi-
dentiality & understanding & good ad'Ilce. Drop-in hours 
held in the women's resource room of HSS build. (wsekly) 
• 12-1 :00 p.m. Alcoholic. Anonymou. open meeting. 
MuIr Biology Building Room 1208. Newcomers welcome! 
(-"Iy) 
• 12-1:30 p.m. P.n-Allan Community Forum: May 
bring lunch. Leader: Jeanne Manese, 534-3035. Moun-
tain ViM Lounge. (weekly) 
• 1-2 p.m. Le,bI.n" Gaya • BINxual., Have ques-
tions? want someone 10 lalk Io? Need a supportive en-
vironment? Drop by L~erature Bulldi'l9 3247 and talk 10 
Man, (weelcl}1 
.2-4 p.m. AlcohoI.nd Subatanca AlluM Group: Led 
by Dan Munoz, 534-3755. (weekly) 
.4-6 p.m. campua Black Forum: Led by Phil Raphael 
and Fred Vanhoose, Mountain View Lounge. ( .... Iy) 

OTHER 
• The Waeldy Calend.r is .tw8ys looking for inustra-
tions and photos from the UCSD popul.tion. If you are 
a pholo aficionado or a drawing freak who captures the 
eseence of the times, bring YOIl work to the GUlrdian 
office, upatalrs In Student Center A. You wltl ba com-
pensated for youtr contribution with the edmiration of your 
friends. (weekly) 
• Minniti Bruca Prll1t - January 18th - A lesbian poet, 
_yist.nd teacher flbm Sefma, Alabama. Reading will 
IIIk. place It 4:30 p.m. in CACAo located in the Univer-
sity Center (Matthews Campus, Building 408). For more 
information, Colli Speci.1 Collections 11 534-1276 . 

TuesdaY,January 17, 1995 '[be UCSD Guardian 

S I G N 

Give'em a Piece 

UP IN YOUR COLLEGE 

(M.O.M. FOR MUIR 
;{ffillh (r COllEGE :V 
'\-. BOWL .. ~ 

.. ~~~~~. ~ ... 

DEAN'S OFFICE 

STUDENTS) 

So I'm in the stall, I wasn't really looking for any action, and H 

'" -.-t 
..c 

S 

! 
~ 

OQ 

n 
f-" 
o ,. 
:r 

~ 
en 

,. 
:r 

~ ,., 
~ 

~ 
en 
,. 
:r 
..... 

en 

~ 0 ~ ~ 
Jeq~ a~ll se~ I os ssel~ lxau Nu a~olaq 111~ Ol salnuTW Mal e pe~ I 

PARTy ON!!! 

2 BuckS Off Extra Large 4" Prints 
~ ~ 

Come i.n & Check Out OU r great pr 1 ces on F1JJI Film! 
r-----------------------~ I With this (oupon receive $2.00 off our regulOf low price of hi' 
I developing and plinting Extro lnrge 4' ColOl Prints Irom p," U· , 5 e I I your 35nlln color plint Iilm (C 41 process), single or double - ' I 
I prints. Not valid with other offels, one (oupon per COpy & TECHNOLOGY I 
I customer. Offw-good thru Jon. 29, 1995. CENTER , 
L!ilm p~sed ~ ~ FUJI Trueolor ___ __ You~n~~~~ ~~ _~ 

great scores ... 

MCAT Classes at UCSD! 
GMAT ('Jass Begins 1/ 19 

DAT Class at UCSD begins 1/21 
GRE Class begins 1/30 

Enroll Now. Space is Limited! 

great skills ... 

Kaplan teaches 
to the test. We'll 

. teach you proven 
skills and 
test-taking 
techniques that 
help you get a 
higher score. 

(800) KAP· TEST 
er score 

LAN 

9 



10 FEATURES 

An enema. 

BRIAN BURGER 
Thurgood Marshall 

Sophomore 

A divorce. 

JAKE WHEELER 
Revelle 

Sophomore 

f, YELLOW BRICK ROAD r· 
• Family Amusement Centers : 

: FREE: 
: GAME TOKENS: 

in the UTC Food Court 
: Onepm:U_fWTdtI,. VaIUJMOtI .• T1uus.EzpinsMtm:ltl,I995 • 

._ .. _.-

The UCSD Guardian 

DHEnD 
IF YOU WERE 

HILLARY 
CLINTON, 

WHAT WOULD 
YOU HAVE 

GIVEN BILL 
FOR 

CHRISTMAS? 
Interviews and 
Photography by 
Cathy Hirota 

Tuesday, January 17, 1995 

A dube, and this time he better Give him the house back. 
inhale. 

AARON GINSBERG 
, Revelle 

Senior 

ANGUS MACDONALD 
Eleanor Roosevelt 

. Junior 

Violet thought she'd get the mop trimmed at Young Attitudes (p. 
7) and then motor over to Classical Eye (p.13) to see if she 
could score some contact lenses. After that, she washed her 
car at Costa Verde Car Wash (p. 6) and headed back to 
campus. Following a tour of the Central Library (p. 6) she 
planned a vacation trip at Council Travel (p. 11) and concluded 
the day with a beer at Porter's Pub (p. 13). 

Brrrr! Looking for something 
WARM to drink? Want to fend 

off those winter chills? ()( 
0 ," ~. "f i '" _.......'. c: E:I r d "--Get it with PL~ ~S your... U 

Inter-n at UC~I)-I V 
and it will be! 

at these locations or any of the other 30 where 
the Plus Card is accepted! 

.. " .. " 

UCSD-TV needs interns in: 
• production 
• research 
• marketing 

Bring your ideas and 
energy and join the 
UCSD-TV team. 

Call 534-3535 for 
more information. 

UC 

TV 

. . . . 

.~ .. the Rugby Team ••• 
'-'Monday & Wednesday 

5-7pm, Muir ,.leId 
for mont info, confad 

Tuesday, January 17, 1995 The UCSD Guardian 

Triton Sailors Soar in Season' Prep 
TORRENTS: UCSD battles rain-soaked conditions at Rose Bowl regatta 
By Tedd Ladd 
Associate Sports Editor 

It was the first tune-up for the 
season. It was a tangle with the big 
boys. Itwas the UCSD sailing team 
showing off iJs skills. 

The Triton sailors, sporting a 
young squad and a brand-new Fly-
ing Junior boat, marched northward 
on Jan. 7-8 to Alameda Yacht Club 
for the annual Rose Bowl Regatta. 

And while the final results are 
still pending, UCSD did clearly fin-
ish within the middle of the pack of 
the highly-competitive event. 

"You had to use a lot of tactics 
in this race," said team captain Ja-
son Pettit. "It was a good test of our 
navigating skills. " 

Maneuvering through fairly 
heavy wind and torrential down-
pours, the fiesty Tritons held their 
own against the 17-school field. 

Division I powerhouses - such as 
Stanford, the Naval Academy and 
UC Berkeley - made the task all 
the more difficult. 

"The weather was awful," said 
Pettit. "You couldn't read the wind 
off the water because of all the rain, 
and the ' tell -tales' stuck to the sails. 
Staying out there was .an achieve-
ment in itself." 

The regatta consisted of a unique 
" round robin" format in which 
schools rotated boats after each race. 
Two races were held Saturday and 
four were squeezed in on Sunday on 
the one and one-half mile course. 
Each race took approximately one-
half hour. 

"It's a nice format because it re-
ally evens out the competition. You 
can see who the best sailors are, not 
just who has the best boat," said 
Pettit. 

Stacy Pat.ko (24) had 12 points In the Trtton loss on Saturday. 

SPlASH: UCSD 
makes presence felt 
Continued from pce 16 

Burgasser made the biggest im-
pression, placing in all three events 
for the men. A stellar set of dives in 
the one-meter springboard resulted 
in a fourth-place finish for 
Burgasser. He tallied a third-place 
mark in the three.-meter springboard 
and continued to improve as the in· 
vitational progressed, notching a 
second-place finish in the platform 
event. 

"[Burgasser I dove really well . 
this weekend," Head Coach Mike 
Fitchett said. "Meets like this are a 
great experience for these guys. 
They get some very good competi· 

London $199* 

tion from the Division I schools." 
The men 's and women's swim-

ming squads spent the weekend at 
the Claremont College Invitational. 
The men took a lO-man squad into 
the event against much larger teams 
and came home with a third-place 
finish out of the eight squads com-
peting. The women conquered their 
eight-team field to win the event. 

Among the headliners for the 
women were Christina Galdos, who 
swam her best times of the season 
in the 100- (1:00.5) and 2OO-yard 
(2: 12.7) butterfly events, and 
Shawna Caballero, who took second 
in the 200 butterfly, while reeling 
in first.place finishes with blazing 
times in the 50- and 100-yard 
freestyle races. Melissa Kealey im-
pressed during the women's swim 

Paris $199' 
CoItI Rica $169' 
New York $149' 
Washington D.C. $179' 
Dallal $115' 

'1_ .. IOtIIWI\IfIom s.o Oio9oorl"' ....... _on 
• .......-. ~ T_ not n:UlId oncI-'<tkn oppIy.GoIIor ____ . 

Coundl Travel 
UCSD Price Center 1-" .. 1IookItIIR) 
I~'_I 
45g·06JO 

HourI 5ldW 10.5 
-

Eur.lllpasslEs 
-----

The Triton " A" crew, with Pettit 
and Erica Sellin, led the way for 
UCSD around the half-windward, 
half-leeward course. The Triton "B" 
squad - of Eric Wilcox and Jason 
Hannigan - also performed admi-
rably, especially given the adverse 
conditions. 

"Our next race is the first one 
that rea lly counts," said Pettit. 
"We' ll probably be changing up the 
crews a bit because some of our best 
sailors were unable to compete [in 
the Rose Bowl Regatta]." 

The Triton sailors' South Series 
I and II races in Santa Barbara on 
Jan. 28-29 will be their first test as 
to how they stack up against the top 
schools in their division. 

"We're young and we don 't have 
much experience," Pettit said. "But 
I thought we did really well out 
there." 

W.HOOPS: 
Panthers nip Tritons 
Continued from pal. 18 
the clock for UCSD to get another 
fouling opportunity. 

The Panthers were led by 
Melody Earle who poured in 19 
points, most of which came in the 
second half. 

"We stopped her in the first 
half," Malone said. "But in the sec-
ond half she was hitting from out-
side and when we came out, she 
drove by us." 

The loss leaves the Tritons at a 
solid 9-3 on the season with a couple 
of tough games in the next week, 
including a showdown with unde-
feated Cal Lutheran (12-0) on Sat-
urday night at the RIMAC arena. 

"This will be a telling week for 
us," Malone said . " La Verne [who 
we play at home on Tuesday] is be-
low .500, but they get up for good 
teams. Cal Lutheran just beat 
Pomona, who was one of the favor-

to victory with a lifetime best in the 
2OO-yard breaststroke. 

Dustin Matthew owned the races 
she entered, skimming to victories 
in the 100- and 200-yard breast-
strokes and the 200-yard 1M. Car-
rie Parker contributed to the Triton 's 
reign by capturing first in the 100-
and 200-yard backstroke events. 

Renee Salgado turned in the best 
swims of the meet, according to 
Head Coach Doug Boyd, taking sec-
ond in both the 500- (won by 
UCSD's Kellie Lusk) and 1650-
yard (captured by another Triton, 
Heather McPherson) freestyles. 

The men were led by Andy Hol-
lywood who cruised to victories in 
the 100- and 200-yard backstroke. 
Ed Ruth continued to shine taking 
second in the 200- and 4OQ-yard 1M. 

SPORTS 11 

\ \''''E 1IIeMesa Ie dential MMEO ,.\1 Apartments announces the 
~ffORD~BlE ::-"'::~~==shed 
UOUS\"G' CGfIIII'lilaJolla Villa,. 0rIvt end Repnts n n· RDId. RaIdeaII m..,travellDcampus from 

Mesa wi. our biIIt patti 01' take FREE bus 
trInspoftItIon. 

Apartments range from $537 to $621 and require a $100 deposit. 
Students are eligible to live at Mesa if they are: 

• A single graduate or medical student 
• A married graduate, medical , or undergraduate student with 

or without children 
• A graduate, medical, or undergraduate student who is 

a single parent 
All residents must be attending UCSD full-time (12 units each quarter) 
and be enrolled in a degree-granting program. (Post-Doctorate, TEP 
Certificate, and Umited Status are not eligible.) 
H you are interested in housing for January or February, want to be on 
our future housing list, or have Mesa housing questions, please call our 
office at 534-2952. You may also stop by our office located in the Mesa 
facility at 9224-8 Regents Road, Monday-Friday, 8:00-12:30 & 1:00-
4:30 to view an apartment and pick up a housing app!ication. 

IS GIVING AWAY MONEY! 
Get a grant of up to $500 to help out with any 

academic project! U$ GRANT$ funds projects for 
all majors. If you have any questions, call us at 
534-3917 or stop by our office (third floor of the 

Price Center, room 305). 
WE ARE ACCEPTING PROPOSALS 

FOR WINTER '95 GRANTS 
DEADLINE FRIDAY. JAN. 20. 3 PM 

ERGRADUATE 

RANTS 

Learn to Use the 
Library Computers 

UCSD Faculty, Staff, and Students 

Tuesdays, 10-11 am, Melvyllndexes· 
Wednesdays, 2-3 pm, Roger/Melvyl Catalogs 

Thirty minute sessions 

Sign up at the University Library Reference 
Desk for an appointment. 

Special appointments can be made 
for the above or other computer databases. 

Call 534-4711. 

'/NSPEC and Medline are taught at 
S&E and BML respectively 



12 CLASSIFIEDS 

\ \ \«.. \«. F , I L \ T~ 
CASH FOR COLLEGE. 900,000 
GRANTS AVAILABLE. NO 
REPAYMENTS, EVER. QUAUFY 
IMMEDIATELY. 101100·243-2435. (1/ 
9-1/26) 
ElOropean gentleman, 39, seeks 
female student lor companionship. 
Serious only. 689-6395, leave 
message. (119-312) 
Come to the Fifth Annual Tri Delta 
Benefit Auction January 25, 11 a.m. 
to 2pm, PC Plaza proceeds to 
Children's Hospital. (1/9-1/26) 
HAVE A WORLD CLASS 
EXPERIENCEI ELEANOR 
ROOSEVELT COLLEGE 
RESIDENT ADVISORS WANTED 
FOR 1995-96! Pick up referral at 
Career Services (Job* 904096) . 
Applications due 2/8/95 by 4:30 p.m. 
Information session Wednesday, 1/ 
18 in Pepper Canyon Lodge, 9 p.m. 
(119-1/19) 
Start a Home-Based Business to 
secure your economic future. Easy 
to do, success guaranteed. Are you 
ready? 1-800-735-4865 (12/1-219) 
ENERGY BOOSTER. Truly amazing. 
All natural. FREE 3 day supply pack. 
Call 585-3162. (11/28-1/17) 
Worship Jesus at First Baptists 
College 8 :30 a.m. service . 
Contemporary music and message. 
Just west of 805 on Govemor. 457-
4827. (11/21.1/23) . 
Howard Hughes Undergraduate 
Science Enrichment Program 
students: Welcome backl We hope 
your New Year's was a safe and 
happy one. We have many activities 
and meetings planned and we hope 
you will be able to participate. Our 
first meeting will be held on January 
17th from 5-7 p.m. in HSS 1138. Our 
topic of discussion will be study skills 
and management. Pizza and sodas 
will be served. Please stop by our 
office and take a look at our Research 
Opportunities bulletin board and 
calendar of events. Most research 
applications have to be turned in no 
later than March 15th, so don't delay. 
(1/12·1/17) 
Fun, energetic & outgoing people 
wanted as orientation leaders. Apply 
Revelle Dean's Office .. Deadline 1/ 
27/95. (1/17) 
Fiji Winter Rush. Pool and Pizza at 
the Price Center Game Room @ 
8:00pm to 10:00pm. January 17-t8. 
(1/17) 

lIot SI\(; 
2 med/large bdrms. avail. in large 
Pacific Beach condo. 7 blocks from 
beach, 4 from bay, 11 miles from 
UCSD. Washer!Dryer, extrastorage. 
$350/375 + 1/4 utilities. Females 
only please! 490-6247. (1/12-1/17) 
Move your college dorm to your 
favorite California location with a 

The UCSD Guardian 

CLASSIFIEDS 
Classified advertising is sold in 20-word incrementS. The rate per 20 worm is $2 for 
students (for persOfIlli use only), $3 for facully and staff, and $4 for others. Payment in 
advance is required; therefore, ads must be mailed with a check (made payable to The 
UCSD Guardian) or presented in person. Deadlines are 3 p,m. Thursday for Monday s 
issue, and3 p.m. Monday for Thursdllys issue. The Guardian ~erves the right to refuse 
any advertising including but not limited to companionship ads, For more information 
caU534-5416. Mailingaddress: UCSDGuardian,Attn: Classijieds, 9500GilmanDrive, 
0316, liJ Jolla, CA 92093'()316. Actual address: Student Center A, top floor. 

mobil home on wheels carrying its 
own trailer hoystfor relocating! 1 Sr. 
Mobile Home, Skyline in excellent 
condition 12 x 44 1977 for 13,500 
see at 2906 Comstock San Diego, 
CA 92111 . (1/17) 
Roomate Wanted: male, non·smoker 
to share w/two UCSD students. 
completely fumished; La Jolla/Las 
Palmas across the street from Vons. 
share master bedroom, own 
bathroom, pool, spa, washer, dryer, 
cable, $300 + 1/3 utilities. Call 622-
1143 available now! (1/17-1/19) 
Female roommate wanted to share 
playmore townhome. own room, 
laundry, close to campus. $360 rent, 
1/3 utilities. Call Judy 457·5431 . (1/ 
17-1/30) 
Single room available in a large house 
in Del Mar. Closl! to beach. 
Furnished w/pool table and ping pong 
table. Washer/dryer, deck, solarium. 
$335!month + utilities. This house 
will ROCK YOUR WORLD! Call 
481-9188. (1/17) 
Room available immediately for M/F 
student (preferred) in 3BR 1 1/2 BA 
townhouse near UTC, Vons, + bus 
lines. $355/mo. + 1/3 utilties w/use 
of washer + dryer. Share w/2 UCSD 
students + cat. Call622·1899! (1/17 -
1/26) 
Roommate Wanted. Renaissance 
Luxury Apartments near UTC. 2 
bedroom 2 bath. Washer/Dryer/ 
Dishwasher/Pool included. 261 + 1/ 
4 utilities. Call 457-4259. (1/17-1/ 
19) 
LaJolla. Roommate needed to share 
3 bedroom condo. 2 blocks from 
campus. Pool, spa, cable. Available 
now. $400. 558-0259. (1/17·1/19) 
235/mo single rm . responsible, 
mature, no smoking/drugs. in Mira 
Mesa, 10 min from campus. Contact 
Shauhwa or Peter @ 695-0329. (1/ 
17) 
Looking for female roomate to share 
master bedroom/bath in 3 bedroom 
condo near Vons/UTC. $280/mo + 
1/4 utilities. 452-1995. (1/17-1119) 
Renaissance townhouse, own room, 
clean, safe, guiet, 400 + utility, 
deposit, garage, pool, laundry, share 

bathroom, no smoking/large pets. 
Jerry 458-1784. (1/17-1/23) 
Large room in large condo on Mission 
Bay Beach. $370/mo. Walk to ocean 
or Garnet. 3 bedl2.5 bath, 1235 
Parker PI. (1/17-1/19) 
U.C.S.D. graduate student needed . 
to share a two bedroom apartment in 
MESA (male or female) clean, quiet, 
and considerate. Available Fellruary 
1st rent $268.50 utilities included. 
Susan 270-3041 . (1/12-1/30) 
Unfumished Condo. Solana Beach-
2 Bedroom; 2 Bath; w/garage; 
secluded quiet; pool; jacuzzi; just N. 
of Racetrack; $950.00/month. (909) 
925-1689, (909) 925-2504. (1/9-1/ 
19) 
OWN YOUR OWN HOME UCSD 
Staff and Student DISCOUNTS. 
Great financing. Near UCSD. 1,2 brs 
$120,OOO's+ & 3brs $150,000+, 
Condos to luxury homes-serving La 
Jolla, Univ. City, Mira Mesa, Del Mar, 
Pacific Bch, Clairemont. Need to 
SELL, see what 11 YEARS 
EXPERIENCE can dol RE/Max 
Assoc. Judith Haddox, Realtor, 619-
274-4477. (1/9-1 /30) 
Quiet, furnished, separateent. + bath. 
Tennis , pool. clean, non-smoker. 
Prof. only. Torrey Pines State 
Reserve area. $675/mo. 755-5800. 
(1/9-1 /19) 
ROOMMATE WANTED- Playmor 
condos by UCSD $325 for own 
bedroom in 3 bedroom Condo to 
share with myself + a dog. Must love 
dogs! but no dogs + no cigarette 
smoking. Washer/Dryer/Dishwasher/ 
pool. Available 2/1 . 552-3446 (1/9-1/ 
19) 
UNIVERSITY CITY $295 Female 
needed for own room in nice house. 
Patio, piano, cable tv, washer/dryer. 
12 minutes to UCSD. No smokers, 
pets, or drugs please. Call Mark 534-
2391 or 534-3383 (message) . (1/9-
1/19 . 

TRAVEL ABROAD AND WORK. 
Make up to $2,000-$4,000+/mo. 
teaching basic conversational 
English in Japan, Taiwan, or S. Korea. 

No teaching background or Asian 
languages required. For information 
call: (206) 632-1146 ext.J59764. (1/ 
12-2/13) 
CRUISE SHIPS NOW HIRING -Earn 
up to $2,OOO+/month working on 
Cruise Ships or Land·tour 
companies. World travel (Hawaii, 
Mexico, the Caribbean, etc.). 
Seasonal and full·time employment 
available. No experience necessary. 
For more information call 1-206-634-
0468 ext. C59764. (1/12-2/13) 
ALASKA SUMMER EMPLOYMENT 
• Fishing Industry. Earn to $3,000-
$6,OOO+/month + benefits. Male/ 
Female. No experience necessary 
(206)545-4155 ext A59762. (1/12-2/ 
13) 
*** MEXICO SPRING BREAK *** * 
Biggest Parties .. Best Prices * Earn 
FREE TRIPS/CASH. Call 494-1334 
or (800)798-1509. (1/12·1/30) 
CLERKS FOR PERMANENTI 
TEMPORARY PART·TIME. 
DRIVERS FOR PRE AND 
VALENTINE'S DAY. 622·9999. 
APPLY IMMEDIATELY AT DIVA 
FLOWERS 8750 GENESEE 
AVENUE. (1/12-1/23) 
WANTED BABYSITTER FOR MY 
TWO DAUGHTERS 5 & 2. DEL 
MAR. MON·THUR 11am - 3pm. 
CALL SALLY 792-8277. (1/12-1/19) 
CUSTOMER MARKETING 
REPRESENTATIVE - PIT positon 
(preferably MWF afternoons) with a 
national marketing information/ 
consulting company . Desire 
intelligent and motivated individuals 
looking for a challenging job. Position 
responsibilities include: producing 
demographic site analysis reports 
and answering in-coming phone calls. 
Product and phone skills training 
provided. This is a great opportunity 
for Econ and Mgmt Science majors 
to gain applicable work experience. 
Located near campus in Del Mar. 
The salary rate for this position is $6 
per hour. If interested please call 
Craig at.793-4151. (1/12·1/17) 
PART·TIME, TELESALES: PHONE 
WARE INC, 20 yr old La Jolla 
Telecom co, has x-clnt income 
opportunity on night shift selling 800 
numbers to residential customers. 

Tuesday, January 17, 1995 

Good Phone Skills, Experience 
helpful but not necessary. 45~3000 
Ext 1832. (1/12-1/23) 
Au·pair. Live in or out. Three children 
ages 3, 8, 11. Some household 
chores Del Mar. 793-0570. (119-1/ 
17) 
Clerical. Office & phones. Organizing 
papers. Computer work with 
Windows applications. $6.50/hr. 
Flexible, 20 hour weeks. Sorrento 
Valley area. 619-455·9713. (119-1/ 
19) 
Fun, energetic & outgoing people 
wanted as orientation leaders. Apply 
Revelle Dean's Office. Deadline 1/ 
27195. (1/17) 
Help Wanted- Part-time babysitter. 
Monday, Tuesday, Alternating 
Friday's. 5 hours a day, more hours 
possible. Pam - 942-5687. (1/17·1/ 
19) 
Reception for a Yoga Academy in 
Downtown La Jolla. Wonderful 
people, pleasant atmosphere and 
free yoga classes. 15-20 hours,lweek', 
$7/hour, flexible schedule. Computer 
skills helpful. Position to start 
immediately. Call 459-0130 and . 
leave a message. (1/17) 
SAT TUTORS WANTED: Need 
energetic people with high SAT 
scores to tutor San Diego area. $15/ 
hr. Flexible hours. Carneeded. Call 
Sandi. (619) 554-1100. (1/17) 
UPTO $250/SESSION... Models-
Actresses - Dancers... Call NOW 
(800) 639·8935111 Photo 
Assignments Available ... Especially 
need twins, Asians, scandanavians -
arnatures considered! 492-8063. (1/ 
17·1/23) 
Ught housekeeping and childcare 
for 7yr old girl. Mon-Thur 2:30-6:30. 
Must have own car, insurance, 
references. 7.50/hr. 551-0511 . (1/ 
17-1 /19) 
MENTAL HEALTH 
UNDERGRADUATE 
INTERNSHIPS. GREAT 
OPPORTUNITY TO LEARN ABOUT 
LATINO COMMUNITY MENTAL 
HEALTH OPTIONS THROUGH 
TWO-SEMESTER PROGRAM 
SUPP.ORTED BY SAN DIEGO 
COUNTY AND TAUGHT AT SAN 
YSIDRO MENTAL HEALTH 
CENTER. SATURDAY CLASSES, 
VOLUNTEER WORK REQUIRED. 
CALL ALEXA FOR INFORMATION, 
428-5561 . (1/17-1/26) 
Articulate , enthusiastic students 
wanted to help raise money fo UCSD. 
$6/hr. plus bonus. Contact UCSD 
Telephone Outreach Program 535-
1433. (1/9-1/30) 
MUIR HOUSE ADVISOR APPS 
AVAILABLE. REFERRAL *903988. 
OPTIONAL INFO MEETINGS: 1/12 
at 9pm OR 1/25 at 7 pm. INFO: 534-
4200. (1/9-1/12, 1/19-1/23) 
GET INVOLVED AT MUIR! HOUSE 
ADVISOR APPS AVAILABLE 
THROUGH 1/25. CALL 534·4200 
FOR INFO. REFERRALIt901256AT 

FIND /~~i~,~., . E-UANOR •• \ Eleanor Roosevelt College 
ROOSEVELT ... : is DOW biriD9 staff for the 1995-96 acadeaic year ROOIIIIUta 

TIckets 
Can 
BIbs 
Deals 

~,~~ i,.:/ Resident Advisor positions 
.I,~o, C~I ItO'''\'''' \~ .. 
1Ibat doH the job require? * Demonstrated leadership ability 

* Interpersonal and Intercultural 
Communication skills 

* ~rogramming experience 

J:gurafimstein 
'Trinafirth 

Paula Graeber 
ah.alJal?adi 

Rentals 
SleftOl 

Surfboards 
Auto Repair 

Sales 

* Energy, commitment and teamwork 
tlbere can I get .:>re info?..-- * Come to RA Information Session 

Wednesday, January 18 at 9 pm 
in the Lodge at Pepper Canyon 

.JIlmanda Cardenas crin johnson 
amh Cheung r.Brandi J:g.uport 

Jaime ({)rozd rtobin 11 
crin ({)uffey 'Tami .fgpez 
Shannon /fost r J'fancy Smith 

Serena 'Thakur 

Jobs 
Computen 
ud IDOI't Ja 

TN ........ 
upstairs In the 
Student center, 

abcMthe 
General Start. 

* Read all of the information provided 
with the application 

Bow do I apply? * Get a referral at Career Services (Job 11904096) 
* Bring to ERC Office of Residential Life at 

Pepper Canyon for an application 
Students who are studying abroad next year can apply now for 1996-97 

ApplicatioDs Due Wednesday, February 8 by 4:30 p.m. 

Tuesday, January 17, 1995 

STUDENT EMPLOYMENT. (1/9·1/ 
12, 1/19-1/23) 
WANTED: ELEANOR ROOSEVELT 
COLLEGE RESIDENT ADVISOR 
FOR 1995-961 Career Services Job 
1t904096. APplications due 2/8/95 by 
4:30 PM. (119-2/2) 
Internship available. Real Estate/ 
Property Management/Legal 
Construction. Plan research projects, 
develop • _programs, and 
administrative. work. Credit only. Tim 
275-2525. (11/21-2/23) 

FOH S \I.E 
For Sale. Super-single waterbed 
with bookcase-style headboard, 
heater,liner. A1lfor$100.00 Please 
caIlRaphelat581-1650. Need to sell 
immediately. (1/12-1/19) 
Honda Express 5Occ. Scooter. 190 
miles. New Mint Condition. $575.00. 
1983 VW Rabbit convertible. White. 
New Engine. 1990ChevyCorsicaLt. 
4 dr. Auto. Perfect 541-0260. 1991 
MecuryTopaz. 4dr. Auto. LoMi.541 -
0260. (119-1/19) 
TWA STUDENT FARES. one-way 
flights at $137 each. Additional 
bonuses call Professional Travel 
Service 481·1264.8-5 pm M-F. (1/9-
2/16) 
1988 Honda Accord LXi for sale, All 
power, moon roof, AM/FM cassette, 
Low miles, original owner, Excellent 
condition , $5950/best. 636-8784. (1/ 
9-1/17) 
Macintosh Classic II , 8MB RAM, 
80MB HD, Word, Excel + more, As 
new $750. Printer, ImageWriter II , 
$150. 450-6761 . (1/9-1/17) 
Car cover for sale (compact) size 
'A". $80 new. Highest Qualtiy. Call 
546-8850. (1/12-1/17) 
FOR SALE: fully equiped full size 
box spring bed like new $150 obo. 
Full Futon Bed $SO.OO obo. 19" color 
Panasonic T.V. w/remote & V.C.R. 
together $150 obo. Solid oak desk 
$50 obo. Large (4'X5') book shelf 
$1 Oobo. Coffee Makerw/grinder$15 
obo. Veg/fruit juicer $5 obo. AND 
MORE! Call Seth 549-0690. Must 
sell all !I! (1/17-1/19) 
Lange xR8.5 4 buckle, overlap ski 
boots. Size 12. Bought 12/8/94, paid 
$340, used twice. $300 obo. Roy 
535-9092. (1/17-1/19) 
Aireloom twin mattress and box 
spring set. very comfortable. good 
condition. $70. 558-7007. (1/17-1/ 
26) 
286 computer package deal. 
Includes: monitor, harddrive, mouse, 
Epson printer. Great for 
wordprocessing and Dos games. 
$250. Call Judy 457-5431 . (1/17-1/ 
30) 
Econ 1 A text & study guide - best 
offer. '76 Olds Delta 88 rust, 
mechanically excellent $800 offer. 
(619) 595-2997 (message). (1/17) 

~EH\,ICE~ 
WORD PROCESSING/TYPING-
Correspondence, student papers, 
reports. Fastturn-around, reasonable 
rates. Convenient Gilman Drive 
location. PhoneCAROLat453-4991. 
(1/9·1/17) 
Permanent weight-loss pOSSible! 
Breakthrough product blocks and 
burns fat. Curbs hunger without side 
effects. Call 1-800-735-4865. Reliv 
Independent Distributor. (1/17-3/6) 
TUTORING: AMES graduate student 
needs extra cash. Can tutor: Any 
lower division class in Physics or 
Math, most AMES classes. $10/hr. 
Madhu,455-0753. (1/17-1/23) 
BRIDES -KEEP YOUR NEGATIVES 
(8X1 O'SJUST$1 .35) ... CALL RUSTY 
NELSON NOW (800)639-6935. 
STUDENT DISCOUNTI PAYMENT 
PLANS IMAGES OF ROMANCE. 
492-8063. (1/17-1123) 
TUTORING -Mathematics, Statistics, 
Physics , Chemisty, Computer 
Programming, Engineering. ~elp 
with homework and test preparatIOn. 

The UCSD Guardian CLASSIFIEDS 13 

Call for more information. MARK for more Information. 554-7240. (1/ 
1221-7176. (1/17·1/30) ~3116) 
TRAVEL·BEST FARES/World-
Wide, personalized service, getaway 
ecapes, vacations-plan Spring 
Holiday now save $S. Office, fax 546-
7831 . (119-1/23) 
VIDEOTAPING, editing & production 
for birthdays, reunions, fitness, 
models, dance instruction, music 
recitals. Broadcast qualityl Low 
prices. Sunaet VIdeo Productions 
455-6006. (1/12-4/20) 
From tune-ups to accessories to 
bikes. The UCSD Bike Shop has all 
your cycling needs. Come by the 
Student Center and Check us out. 
Our hours are M-F 10-5. (1/12-3/16) 
BUUMIA?COMPULSIVEEATING? 
For help call Diana Weiss Ph.D., 
Ucensed Psychologist. Del Mark 259-
0146 (12/1·1/30) 
MACINTOSH INSTRUCTION, 
consulting and troubleshooting . 
Individual or group lessons. Flexible 
hours. Mike 792-9622. (10/20-1/19) 

\\Al\TEI) 
Give the Gift of Life. Be a Surrogate 
for a Childless Couple. Must be at 
least 21 . $15,000 Paid. 800-308-
7367. (1/9·2/9) 
WANTED! Graduatestudentwithout 
a car. Will pay $40.00 for 1 hour of 
your time. Call 458-4249. Ask for 
Cliff. (1/12-1/17) 
ASTHMA STUDY: Subjects with mild 
to moderate asthma (who use both 
inhaled corticosteroid and inhaled 
bronchodilator daily) will be 
reimbursed $150.00 for participation 
in research study at UCSD. Contact 
543-6911 . (1/12-1/23) 
If you are a 'graduate student without 
a car, I'll pay $40 for your time. Give 
Tim a call 558-5906, (1/12·1/17) 
Korean Language (very basic) books 
1 A and 1 AX or any learning material. 
Call 546-8850. (1/12-1/17) 
Healthy volunteers ages 18 to 45 
years old are needed to participate in 
a UCSD Medical Center study 
examining the effect of sound on the 
eyeblink reflex. Compensation will 
be provided. Call 543-2494 for 
information. (1/9-1/19) 
'TWINS! If you are an Identical or 
fraternal twin, please pertlclpate 
In a UCSD Plsy.chology 
experiment. Participants will be 
monetarily compensated. Call J. 
Larsen at 534-6283. (10/17-6/3) 
Subjecls paid for a study on alcohol's 
effects. If you are a Japanese, 
Chinese, or Korean, Amerlcan-
bom male, call Scripps Research 

_Ilf. 

--------------------

LESBIANS NEEDEDI Research 
study at Scripps Research Institute. 
Ages 18·59, not on medications, 
confidential. Subjectscompensated. 
Call Sara, 554-7236. (1/17·1/26) 
UCSD MEDICAL CENTER at 
Hillcrest needs healthy volunteers, 
ages 18 to SO, for a 2 hour "Eyeblink 
Study". $10 plus parking will be 
provided. Call Pattie at 543~2314 . 
(1/17) 
Basketball coach needed for boys 
and girls ages 12·20, pay depending 
on experience. contact Sako at 598-
7665. (1/17-1123). 
Healthy men ages 19-31 with a 
minimum 'of 12 yrs of education are 
needed to participate in psychiatric 
research being conducted at UCSD. 
Intravenous blood samplings and 
medication involved. Screening 
indudesfree complete physical exam 
and neuropsychological assessment. 
Subjects will be paid for their 
participation. Please call 552-8585 
ext. 3690 for more information. (1/ 
17-1/30) 
CAN'T SLEEP? If you are having 
serious, long term trouble falling 
asleep and getting up, you might be 
interested in volunteering for a UCSD 
research study testing a new non-
drug treatment. Subjects will be 
reimbursed. Call Dr. Ando at 534-
7347, *24. (1/17·1/19) 
Need money? Be a subject in psych 
experiments. $6·8/hour; 1 t03 hours; 
Call 534-9849 for more info and 
appointments. (1/17) 

PEH~Ol\:\I..~ 
To all the girls at UCSD, loosen up! 
(1/17) 
To the one that gives me eye contact 
whenever we are near: respond 
damn-it! (1/17) 
SO I'M LATE! SO WHAT? (1/17) 
Tom is looking for new friends, if 
anyone is interested come over to 
his house to play. (1/17) 

LO~T Al\D FOI;l\)) 
LOST - 8x10 royal blue flag with 
gold "UCSD" lettering; taken from 
RIMAC on Jan. 11, Belongs to 
UCSD athletic department. If 
returned, no questions asked. 
Contact Ken at 534-4211. WE 
NEED THIS REtURNED. (1/17-1/ 
23) 
Found--acopycard, found, in Central 
during finals week, call to identify 
457-3981 . 

PORliER'S PUB 
INTRODUCES 

S«~LAGERS 
."£. WIN G CO MP ..... V 

LEMON LAGER~ 
ThiS pioneering beer is drawing raves for 
brinjing a German Beer Carden tradition 
and a light, lemony taste to a lager beer. 

THREE FINGER JACK 
HEFEDUNKEL ~ 

Our Hefedunkel recently won the gold medal 
in the Dark Lager Category at the 1994 

Great American Beer Festival 

Nllr the [Uj ffi 0 p • n 
Stu d • n t ~~~3~~ Mon.-Fri. 
C • n t • r 11:30·Mld. 

Reve\\e StudentS! 
If you are INEI.Ollle 

@[JJJiJ(li@UflJ(lj 
POSITIVE 
and PATIENT 

Apply to be one of Revelle's 

Applications Available at the Revelle Dean's Office 
APPLICATION DEADLINE: 4:00 p.m. on JANUARY 27, 1995 

FREE 1:~~~~ 
Wilh Ihe purchase of IIny conlacllens package below 

ALL specials Include lenses, nun, 
eytcare kll and folio .. up vlsil . fop. 2/17/116 

• PrtscrI ..... MId leylL·1 
• • • GIIsMS "Ieallt! • C'IIPI.IIQI-" 

• II ... 11"'1. JllClSsary 

.. 

, . 
, 



,,' 

. , 

14 SPORTS 

BOWL: Chargers 
biggest win in history 
Continued from .,... 18 
theAFCWest and a first-round bye. 
Heads turned once again as the 
Chargers prepared for their Jan. 8 
match-up with the Dolphins. This 
time, the Chargers said nothing. 
They won the game and were going 
to the AFC Championship. 

Enter Team Two. The Pittsburgh 
Steelers played well all season. By 
mid-schedule they had replaced the 
faltering Chargers as the premier 
team in the AFC. After a decade of 
defensive mediocrity, the Iron Cur-
tain descended onto the Steel City 
once again. Blitzburgh fans were 
going nuts, painting their faces 
black and gold ... and this was on 
Wednesdays. Even Rush Limbaugh 
graciously gave of his airtime -
trickle-down talk radio, I guess -
to go nuts about the Steelers. 

As Pittsburgh pounded out a 12-
4 regular-season record, clinching 
home-field advantage throughout 
the playoffs, something familiar 
happened. Inflated egos and a lot of 
hot air rose from the Iron Curtain. 

lt was now their turn to talk 
about the Super Bowl. They 
pummelled the Browns in their first 
playoff game, earning a ticket to the 
AFC title game. Eight point favor-
ites against the Bolts, the Steelers 
implemented a curious pre-game 
strategy of blitzing the press corps. 
But they avoided the actual game. 

In fact, the team ended practice 
early one afternoon to film their Su-
per Bowl video. The Chargers, how-
ever, practiced wherever they could 
avoid rain, even setting up camp in 
a local hotel ballroom. The only 
downside was that punter Bryan 
Wagner 's hang-time stats dropped 
like a rock with the low ceilings. 

Steeler defensive lineman Ray 
Seals guaranteed that the Chargers 
wouldn't score a single point. And 
he wasn 't talking about Scga. But 
the Chargers said nothing. They 
were too busy preparing for a foot, 
ball game -their first AFC Cham-
pionship game since 1982. Even 
Tony Martin kept his trap shut. 

The UCSD Guardian 

Amazingly, everyone - except 
for San Diego fans - took !'he 
Steelers' overconfidence for confi-
dence. Nobody gave the Bolts a 
chance. But no one was laughing 
after two quarters of this San Diego-
Steeler battle. The Chargers were 
down by a mere touchdown, 
prompting the NBC crew to roll out 
statistics about the Bolts' nine 
come-from·behind victories. 

The Iron Curtain soon became 
Victim 10. After a week of silence, 
the Chargers spoke, but not with 
words. "They did their talking in the 
papers," San Diego quarterback 
Stan Humphries said after the game. 
"We did ours on the field." 

He silenced the Blizburgh crowd 
with two TO passes, one to Alfred 
Pupunu and another to Tony Mar· 
tin, whose hands were sure ... now 
that he had just one thing on his 
mind. The Steelers had nothing to 
say. They needed to get into the end 
zone to retake the lead. They got as 
(ar as the three·yard line. 

Exit Team 7Wo, stage right. No 
more lines, no more football. A Suo 
per Bowl video without a Super 
Bowl berth. The Chargers are go· 
ing to the Super Bowl. No matter 
how many times I say it, I'll never 
believe it. The cursed Raiders de-
nied them this blessed fate in 1981; 
the Ice Bowl did the same in 1982. 

Tuesday, January 17, 1995 

Despite their amazing wins, no 
one gives them a chance against the 
4gers. Stan the Man said, "We'll 
probably be 14·15 point underdogs. 
It don't matter, we're there." Stan's 
wrong. The Chargers are 17-20 
point underdogs, the highest spread 
in Super Bowl history. 

But he's also right. Now that the 
Chargers are in the Bowl, you can't 
count them out. Pre-season polls put 
them in the cellar, but they captured 
the division. The Steelers took the 
Chargers for a small hurdle on the 
way to the Big Game, but on Sun· 
day that hurdle was a bit too tall. 

As it turned out for the Charg· 
ers, it was the best of times. 

TOP: 70,OOO-pius C ..... .,. fa .. descended upon Jack 
M ...... y StHIum for • pMt ....... pep rally lifter San DI .. o'. 
17-13 YIctory over PIttaburIh. 

ABOVE: A YGUIII Charprs fan shows off his bolt foIIowI ... the 
come--Irom-behlnd win - and San DIeIo'. first appearMC. In 
the SUper Bowl. 

LEFT: After sari ... a few words, a Jubilant Chris Mlms hoists 
the Me Championship trophy to the dellCht of the Cha".r 
faithful. 

PhotOirBphy by Yakov ZoIotor8V, Photo Editor 

~T~ue~sd~a~y~,J~a=nu=a~ry~17~,~I~~5 ________________________________ ~Tb~e~U~C=S=D~G~U=M~d~i~~ ______________________________________________ -2:15~ 

A.S. OPEN HOUSE 
Come meet your repr ... ntatlv •• and 
voice your concerns! You can make a 
difference by just bringing your thoughts 
on how life at UCSD could be better! 

is is also a golden opportunity to find 
out how you can get Involved in one of 

e many opportunities that A.S. can 
offer you. We can also connect with 
other organizations that you may catch 
our interest. Free Food will be served!! 
ues, Jan 17 from 6:oo-8:30pm on the 

ird Aoor of the Price Center in the 
Student Leadership Chambers. 

INTERNSHIPS GALORE! 
.S. Internship Office (ASIO) lists over 

750 paid and nonopaid internships on 
national. state. & local levels. Come find 
out how you can enhance your resume. 
Deadline is 4th week. Our office is lo-
cated on the 2nd floor of the Price Ctr. 
Questions? Call 534·4689. 

ELEANOR ROOSEVELT COLLEGE 
DEDICATION 

All ERC students are invited to attend 
the Dedication Ceremony in RIMAC. 
featuring Hillary Rodham Clinton. Any 
extra tickets to the ceremony will be 
made available through University 
Events at the box office after Jan. 20th. 
The Dedication Ceremony will be on 
Thursday. Jan 26 from 4pm-5:30pm 
at RIMAC. 

ASSIMILATION: How TO REMAIN A 
JEW IN THE MELTING POT 

Rabbi Jeff continues his popular 
Tuesday night classes, beginning today. 
Tonight's topic will feature, "Assimilation: 
How to Remain a Jew in the Melting 
Pot." Don't miss it. it could change your 
life. Brought to you by United Jewish 
Observance. 
Tues, Jan 17 at 6:00pm 
Berkeley Room, 2nd fir. ofthe Price Ctr. 
Questions? Call Chai Point @ 534·6244 

PRIME-TIME WEEKLY MEETING 
Campus Crusade for Christ wants to 
know if you are looking to find out about 
Christianity? Want to get involved in a 
Christian group with a sincere heart for 
God? Come check us out at our "Prime 
Time" weekly meeting. This week we are 
exploring the topic of "Trusting God.· 
Tuesday, Jan 17 from 7:30-9:30pm at 
Cognitive Science Bldg, room 004 

DANCE YOUR HEART OUT 
Join the UCSD Ballroom Dance Club in 
starting off the New Year hustling, 
swinging, & waltzing! All levels are 
welcome! Lessons at 7:15pm. Friendly 
people, cool music, & no date is 
necessary. All this for freel 
Wed, Jan 18 from 7 -9pm in the 
Price Center Ballroom 
Questions? Call 450·6721 . 

WE WANT YOU! 
The following positions are a sampling 
of the open positions in the A.S. If inter· 
ested, inquire soon at the A.S. offices 
on the 3rd floor of the Price Center or 
call 534-4450 for more information. 

- Vice President External 
- Electioins Manager 
- Student Representative to a .. 

Campus-Wide Committee 
- Winter Festival Committee Reps 

from each college. 
- Elections Committee reps. 

TAKE AN ACTIVE ROLE WITH 
YOUR VOLUNTEER CONNECTION 

A.S.T.- Tutor Mira Mesa High teens! 
Work one·on-one, in the classroom. 
homework lab, & with sports teams or 
clubs. Applications available at V.C. 
A.S.K.· Volunteer in elementary schools 
by tutoring students & helping teachers. 
Applications due Jan 18. Orientation is 
Jan 19. 5-6pm in Santa Barbara/Los 
Angeles room, 2nd flr P.C .. Ask for Jen-
nifer or Kevin. 
4Women· Help build self esteem in 
young women & share current issues 
affecting women. First info meeting is 
Wed, Jan 18 at 5pm in Volunteer Con-
nection office. Ask for Molly. Individual 
& group activities available. 
Eye on the Elderly- Become a friend 
to a senior citizen. Interact one-cn-one 
& in group activities. Ask for Anita. 
Questions? Call 534·1414. 

ARAB CULTURE CLUB 
Everybody is welcome to the Arab Cul-
tural Club (ACC) meeting. We'll have fun 
socializing. as well as diSCUSSing up· 
coming exciting events. Hope to see yOl:J 
there! 
Wed, Jan 25 at 6pm in the 
San Francisco/Santa Cruz room. 
2nd floor of the Price Center 
Questions? Call Lana at 677·0670 

ALPHA PHI OMEGA INFO NIGHT 
. Interested in performing community ser-
vice? Then this national c~ fratemity 
is for you! Come check us out! 
Tues, Jan 24 at York 3010 and again 
on Wed, Jan 25 at WLH 2113 
Both meetings are at 6:30pm 
Questions? Call 587-0556 

ATTENTtON MENTORS! 
Mark your calendar! The first Mentor 
meeting will be Feb 7 at 12 noon in the 
San Francisco/.Santa Cruz rooms in the 
Price Ctr. Bring your own lunch & we 
will bring the sodas. The meeting will not 
la!!t more than 1 hour. Please be on time. 

INTRODUCTION TO DENTISTRY 
The Pre-Dental Club invites you to come 
learn about dentistry from Dr. Brian 
Tanaka D.M.D. and make friends at the 
same time. We will be discussing events 
for this quarter as well. so don't miss itl 
Wed, Jan 18 from 7-9pm in the 
Davis/Riverside Rm, 2nd flr of Price etr. 
Questions? Call Edith at 697-6047 

PRE-MED CLUB 
Speaking will be Dr. Percy Russell of the 
UCSD School of Medicine Admissions 
Committee about Mad-School admis-
sion requirements. We will also be tak· 
ing surgery observation sign-ups. 
Tuesday, Jan 17 at 7pm in the 
Price Center Cove (by food court) . 

critiCAl feedbAck 
This week's topic on KSDT's music and 
cultural criticism is R&B. Join us as we 
talk with the Music Department's own 
70's guru. Mitchell Morris. about mod-
em R&B's evolution from the 70's soul 
sound. Among other things, we'll dis-
cuss the diagonal gender lines in the 
R&B artist/audience relationship - and 
if you don't know what that means. you 
need to listen! Expand your knowledge 
of pop music with Critical Feedback! 
Tuesday nights from 8-9pm on 
KSDT Radio. 
Questions? Call 534·4225 on informa-
tion on how to receive cable radio. 

WINTER FESTIVAL INTEREST 
MEETING 

Be a part of developing this brand new 
festival!! It is the first one ever. so help 
make history. The Winter Festival will be 
in March. Please come and show your 
interest in making this a killer event! 
Thurs, Jan 19 at 4pm in the 
Student Leadership Chambers on the 
3rd floor of the Price Center. 
Questions? Call 534-5259. 

A.S. Authorized Propaganda is produced by the 
Asaociated Students.UCSO. Sludenl Orgs mayadvenlse 
by filling out the loon Ioc<Ited o~e the A.S. Secretary's 
office on the 3rd floor of the Price Center or e-mail us: 
asucsd@ucsd.edu. Submissions are due each 
WednHdey at noon for the next Monday's edition. 

CHICANOS/LATINOS FOR CREATIVE 
MEDlCtNE 

All Raza interested in Health Profes-
Sions, come to our first meeting of the 
Winter Quarter. 
Wednesday, Jan 18 at 6pm in the 
Medical Teaching Facility 

COLLEGE REPUBLICANS 
All are welcome to our first general 
meeting of the quarter at which we will 
be discussing 
plans for Winter. 
Come see what 
we do at UCSD 
and voice your 
input about our 
Mure plans. 
Wed, Jan 18 
from 6-7:oopm 
Warren Lecture 
Hall. room 2113. 

BALLROOM: 
FRIDAY FUN 

Join us for an in· 
formal ballroom 
dance session. 
Experts: come 
practice your 
dance steps! 
Beginners : 
come leam new 
ones! We will 
bring the music. 
all you have to 
do is come and 
dance! 
Fridays from 2· 
4pm In the Reo 
Gym 
Questions? Call 
450-6721 . 

THURS 
JAN 
19 
$'i 

COSTA VERDE SHOPPtNG SHUTTLE 
Come ride the Costa Verde Shopping Shuttle 
on Mondays & Thursdays. This shuttle drops 
students off in front of Albertson's & is free 
to all riders. Costa Verde stores & shops are 
eager to work with UCSD students & offer 
specials. Jump on the shuttles at these times 
7pm: Pick up at Marshall .. 
7:05: Pick up at Muir 
7:10: Pick up at Revelle 
7:45: Pick up at Warren 
7:50: Pick up at Roosevelt 
8:30: Drop off at Revelle 
8:35: Drop off at Muir 
8:40: Drop off at Marshall 
9: 15: Drop off at Warren 
9:20: Drop off at Roosevelt 
Call the A.S. offices at 534*"450 for the spe-
cific pick-up location at your college. 

FOOD AT YOUR DOOR? 
Ever wish that your favorite off-campus res-
taurant delivered? TheA.S. ls considering a 
new service: 'A.S. Deliveries." It's intended -
for suites & large groups since there is a $5 
charge for the 1st restaurant & $1 for each 
additional one. What do you think? Come 
let us know or call the A.S. at 534-4450. 

FREE VOICEMAIL 
Are you hooked on College Club?? You 
should be since it's free & it has lots of great 
assets on line that could make your life 
easier!! Call the A.S. offices for more info or 
pick up a self·explanatory pamphlet 

CITIZENSHIP & HUMAN RIGHTS 
The Eleanor Roosevelt College Provost 
Office sponsors a symposium on "Citi· 
zenship & Human Rights for the 21 st 
Century." It will involve panel discus-
sions & small group discussions revolv· 
ing around the papers to be 
presented. Students are encouraged to 
attend all day, but it is possible to come 
& go throughout the day. 
Friday, Jan 27 from 8:30am-4:30pm 
Ballroom B in the Price Center 

< ~ii 
8:00 

10:30 

.. 



• 
16 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian Tuesday, January 17, 1995 

BY DESIGn 
JEFF LARSEN 

The Bolt Needs 
No Words 

With apologies to Dickens, 
I call it a "Tale of 1\\'0 Teams." 

Panthers Roar in Squeaker, 68·67 
Enter Team One. The San 

Diego Chargers began the 
season with six electrifying 
victories, including comeback 
wins against two division 
rivals: the Broncos and the 
cursed Raiders. Nevertheless, 
the football world was only 
mildly impressed. "Weak 
opponents," some said. 
"Inexperienced receivers," 
others added. 

Charger players were 
insulted by this naysaying, but 
they failed to realize that 
respect can never be de-
manded. And unfortunately, 
instead of ignoring the press 
and focusing on extending 
their win streak, they got 
cocky. They uttered those two 
hallowed words: "Super 
Bowl." This was not in the 
hushed, reverent tones that 
such phrases demand, but in 
post-game press conferences, 
interviews, and anywhere with 
big cameras and bright lights. 

Bolt wideout Tony Martin 
went so far as to proclaim that 
he could be as good as the 
4gers ' Jerry Rice (a.k.a. 
"God"). In the meantime, 
Touchdown Tony didn 't bother 
with the trivial things .. . like 
catching balls. I guess it 
proves the old adage about 
doing two things at the same 
time. For most people, it 
means being unable to walk 
and chew gum. For T.D. 
Martin, it meant talking smack 
and catching passes. 

Yakov Zolotorev/Guardian 

Cindy Yamasaki tallied U points and nailed a clutch trey during UCSD's narrow defeat. 

HOOPS: Tritons recover from 
II-point deficit, but unable to 
pull out win against Chapman 
By Dan Kraft 
Sports Editor . 

Everyone is aiming for the UCSD women's 
basketball team coming down the stretch this 
season, especially since the Tritons rolled up an 
early 9-2 record. The first team to eye this op-
portunity was Chapman University on Saturday 
night, and after sticking it to the Tritons in the 
first half, the Panthers held off a vigorous UCSD 
rally to win a one-point squeaker, 68-67. 

"We have to be ready for people to be gun-
ning for us," UCSD Head Coach Judy Malone 
said. "[Chapman's] been gunning for us since 
the [UCSD Invitational]. They were ready and 
we weren 't." 

The Tritons trailed by eight points at half-
time because of a sluggish start. The fired-up 
Chapman squad jumped on UCSD and took full 
advantage early, taking a 36-28 lead into the 
locker room. 

"Chapman really took control early," Malone 
said. "But we came back well. We haven 't been 
able to do that in the past when teams got up on 
us." 

Not more than 10 seconds into the second 
half, the Panthers converted a three-point play 
that put them up by 11 , and from that point on 
the Tritons were on the comeback trail. 

Janessa Bayda's hot shooting (3-5 from three-
point land) helped spearhead UCSD's second-
half charge. Stacy Patsko (6-6 from the floor, 
12 points) and Cindy Yamasaki (11 points) were 
also key elements in the Tritons ' comeback. 
UCSD closed the gap to four points late in the 
contest, but then traded hoops with the Panthers 
for the better part of the last two minutes -
unable to surge ahead. 

Trailing by four points with under 20 sec-
onds remaining, UCSD was forced to foul and 
hope for a miss. The Tritons got their wish, fe-
bounding the free-throw miss and dribbling up 
the court looking for a three-point hoop and the 
foul to tie. The Tritons used too much of the 
clock trying to find the open shot, however, and 
Bayda's long bomb came with too little time on 

See W. HOOPS, Page 11 

Before long, the Chargers 
were so concerned with Jan. 29 
that they began to look beyond 
the piddly Sunday matchups, 
like the ones when the Broncos 
came to town or the ones in 
Atlanta and New England. 
Three games that were almost 
certain wins; three games they 
lost. 

As the losses piled up, the 
Chargers even struggled in the 
games they did win. In fact, 
the Bolts began to look like 
your average 9-7 team - an 
inconsistent squad which 
simply happened to start the 
season with a flash-in-the-pan 
6-0 streak. Charger press 
conferences became quieter, no 
longer polluted by bold 
promises and self-directed 
praise. Less time talking 
eventually meant more time 
playing solid football. 

Triton Aquatics Divide and Conquer 
H20: UCSD swimmers march on Claremont; divers invade UCLA invite 

As a result, San Diego's 
Bolts finished up 11-5, taking 

See BOWL, Page 14 

By Dan Kraft 
Sports Editor ' 

This weekend the UCSD swim-
ming and diving squads went their 
separate ways each team looking for 

. some tough competition in prepa-
ration for the conference champion-
ships next month. 

The divers headed to the UCLA 
Diving Invitational which boasted 
16 schools from across the nation, 
most of which had Division I pro-
grams. UCSD was the only Division 

... ' ........... : 
Fri., Jan. 20, at Dominican College, 7:30 p.m. 

w ...... ' ......... : 
Tonight, vs. La Veme University at RIMAC Main Arena, 7 p.m. 

"'. Vol .. ,.....: 
Fri.-Sat., at UC Santa Barbara Collegiate Invitational 

III school invited to compete. The 
Tritons did not pass up the opportu-
nity to hit the road and the water for 
some of the best competition of the 
year and, over the course of the two 
day tournament, UCSD as a whole, 
and junior standout Adam Burgasser 
in particular, sent the big boys a 
message: Don't underestimate this 
Division III program. 

The Tritons took a small but dis-
tinguished crew of divers to Los An-
geles where Stanford and the Uni-

versity of Houston were among the 
big names in attendance. UCSD's 
squad numbered only four: 
Burgasser, Brigitte Elfman, Josh 
Curtiss and Sheri Takeuchi. 

Despite being greatly outnum-
bered, the Tritons made a name for 
themselves. Takeuchi earned a top-
16 finish for her performance in the 
three-meter springboard event, 
while Curtiss grabbed the same 
honor on the men's side. 

See SPLASH, Page. 11 

TIm Chen/ Guardian 
Adam Buraas.r took second 
In the platform at UCLA Invite. 

................ m~~· .~~ .............. . 

.... -The Triton 
sailing crew 
overcame 
rough weather 
and tough 
competition at 
the Rose Bowl 
Regatta. 

Bolt Fever: 
The Chargers I 
come-from-
behind victory 
vs. Pittsburgh 
brought 70,000 
to Jack Murphy 
(see photos 
inside). 


