
=4 ~ :t','J: l:t ,1 
Prop. 187 Education 
Ban Blocked 
SAN FRANCISCO -
Enforcement of Proposition 
187's ban on public higher 
education was blocked last 
week by Superior Court Judge 
Stuart Pollack. Pollack, who 
issued a restraining order on 
the proposition the day after it 
was approved by voters, said 
that the recent injunction will 
remain in effect until a lawsuit 
by immigrant rights groups is 
tried in June. Pollack said the 
ban contlicts with a 1982 U.S. 
Supreme Court ruling requiring 
Texas to provide schools for all 
residents. 

Appointment of 
Davis Called 'Flaky' 
DA VIS - Renowned poet 
and former Black Panther 
Angela Davis' appointment to 
the University of California's 
Presidential Chair has drawn 
criticism from Sen. Bill 
Leonard (R-San Bernardino), 
chairman of the Senate 
Republican Caucus. In a letter 
of protest to UC President 
Jack Peltason Leonard wrote, 
" It reminds Americans of 
California's tlaky past at a 
time when we're trying to 
build up our reputation." 
Davis, a UC Santa Cruz 
professor and UCSD alumni, 
was a defendant in the 1972 
Marin County Courthouse 
murder trial , in which she was 
later acquitted. Davis was 
chosen for the position ba ed 
on her ideas about how to 
improve the campus's feminist 
and ethnic studies program. 

UC R .... rch Trips 
Open to the Public 
BERKELEY - From tracking 
monkeys in Costa Rica to 
digging for dinosaurs in 
Montana, The University 
Research Expedition Program, 
headquartered at UC Berkeley, 
offers the public an opportu: 
nity to take part in field 
research around the world. 
The projects, which require no 
special training, last from one 
to three weeks and typically 
cost from $745 to $1,785. 
Other projects include 
exploration of the garden 
architecture of Italy, the 
archeology of Ireland's 
medieval castles. 

I~I--t II] =-_ 

DUNCE 
OPINION: Is America's 
public education system 
failing miserably? 4 

FEATURE: Battle of the 
brews pits the two campus 
pubs against one another I 

SPORTS: Women's tennis 
storms the net in a 7-2 win 
over Point Lorna 20 

Page 10: See Your Valentine' Whimsical Verses of Love 

, H 

UCSANDIEGO MONDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 1995 VOLUME 84, ISSUE 11 

Nobel Drive Rape Suspect Arrested 
CRIME: Suspect of 
two San Diego assaults 
caught in Utah 

the 3700 block of Nobel Drive in 
University City on Jan. 24. 

tinues while efforts to return Kocak 
to San Diego are under way. 

added. 
"We did have some concerned 

residents, so we also provided a 
pepper spray class," said Stanley . 

By Marlann. VIgil 
News Editor 

In both cases, theassailantgained 
entry into the victims' apartments 
by asking to use the phone. Once 
inside, he assaulted them and ran-
sacked their apartments. 

The assaults caused concern for 
some residents in the University City 
area. Many apartment complexes 
circulated fliers alerting residents to 
the situation. 

"We made sure that tenants were 
aware of what was going on and we 
suggested that they always secure 
their windows and doors, especially 
the women," said Shannon Nehus, 
supervisor of the Whispering Pines 
apartment complex on Nobel Drive. 
"We've also been walking the 
grounds more and making sure that 
they are well lit at all times," she 
added. 

The San Diego Police Depart-
ment (SDPD) has identified and ar-
rested a suspect in two hot-prowl 
burglaries and sexual assaults which 
occurred in San Diego county in 
January. The first assault took place 
in the Rancho San Diego area on 
Jan. 16, and the second occurred on 

According to the SDPD, the sus-
pect, John Ivan Kocak, lives in the 
San Diego area. Kocak was found in 
Washington Terrace, Utah, and was 
taken into custody on Tuesday by 
local police following a warrant for 
his arrest. 

I nvestigation into the crimes con-

"We felt that [our residents ' ) 
awareness would protect them more 
than hiding it from them," said 
Deanna Stanley, a leasing agent for 
La Scala Luxury Villas. "Some 
places try to hide these kinds of 
things from people and that is the 
worst thing you could do," she 

STONE TIRED 

Chuck Nauyen/Guardlan 
The 8Culpture outside the PrIc. Cent.r's Ubrary lounI. reflects the std. of mind of 
those within. Warren Col .... senior IWhl' Ono studies Into the .venlill on Sunday. 

Students Swamp Regent Davies' Office 
With Armloads of Anti-Fee-Hike T-Shirts 
Protest: Students callan an 
absent Davies to stop the 
proposed fee increase 
ByTom .... ' 
Associate News Editor 

Approximately 10 students, including several 
members of the Associated Students, tied anti-
fee-hike T-shirts on trees and handed out tliers 
outside of UC Regent John Davies' office in 
downtown San Diego Thursday. 

The protesters said they were sending a signal 
to Davies and other regents that the students will 
not accept the fee increases in Gov. Wilson's 
budget proposal. The regents will discuss the 

budget, which would raise undergraduate student 
fees by at least 10 percent for each of the next four 
years, at this week's meeting at UCSD. 

"We are protesting the fact that fees have gone 
up 135 percent in the past four years," A.S. Lobby 
Director Katie Weatherup said while standing 
outside of Davies' office. "Also, the (mancial aid 
threshold has not been raised, so families that 
probably should quanfy because of rising fees 
cannot qualify now." 

After hanging some of the T-shirts, which were 
collected last week as part of the "Tue the Shirts 
Off Our Backs, But Don't Raise Our Fees" cam-
paign, on trees along Broadway Street, the stu-
dents look three arm loads ofT-shirts to Davies' 

See T..sHIRTS, Page 3 

A.S. Names 
Wilpitz as 
v.P. External 
APPOINTMENT: Position 
filled following Craig's 
controversial resignation 
By Tom Barkl.y 
Associate News Editor 

Taking on the task of representing UCSD 
students on such volatile issues as the pro-
posed fee hikes and the review of affirma-
tive action, Revelle College junior Damien 
Wilpitz began his job last Monday as the 
new A.S. vice president of external affairs. 

Wilpitz, who was voted in unanimously 
by the A.S. on Feb. 1, fills the position left by 
Jennifer Craig, whose resignation Dec. 15 
was surrounded by controversy over 
unmailed voter-registration cards. 

A.S. Lobby Director Katie Weatherup 
said she was "really delighted" about 
Wilpitz's appointment. "I very strongly sup-
port Damien being in office," she said. "I 
think he is incredibly highly qualified and 
will do a fabulous job, not only in organizing 
the events, but also by being a very positive 
intluence. " 

Weatherup added that Wilpitz will be a 
refreshing change for the office. "There were 
some severe problems with Jennie [Craig), 
one of them being an inability to motivate 
the staff," Weatherup said. "[Wilpitz) is 
great as far as working with people and 
creating a reaJ non-blaming, non-passing-
the-buck atmosphere to work in." 

Wilpitz said he intends to mue. some 
organizational changes in the office. "My 
main goal right now is to get the external 
office up and running at more of an orga-
nized level," he said. "Before it was not very 
organized, and the staff was dwindling." 

Wilpitz added that he would like to in-
crease his staff of 10 to 15 of..20. "The office 
is going through some major reconstruction 
fiaht now. I want to have young staff mem-
bers so that I can have [the changes) passed 
on to next year,· he said. 

In addition, Wilpitz said he had a new 
perception of the role the vice president 
should take in the external office. "In the 

See EXTERNAL, Pai8 3 



2 NEWS 

Scientists Question 
Global Warming Data 
CUMATE: Scripps research finds that clouds 
absorb 15 times more energy than suspected 
By Ben Eleln 
Senior Staff Writer 

Global warming forecasts have 
been based on false climate data, 
according to a new study by UCSD's 
Scripps Institution of Oceanogra-
phy, which found that clouds absorb 
significantly more sunlight than pre-

clouds are going to respond to a 
warming and how their response 
will feed back into the climate sys-
tem," said Ramanathan. 

While clouds were previously 
thought to cool the planet by reflect-
ing the sun's energy, the Scripps 
study indicates that clouds absorb 

viously suspected. 
The study, con-

ducted by the 
Scripps Center for 
Clouds, Chemistry 
and Climate, discov-
ered that clouds ab-
sorb nearly lStimes _""_-
moresolarradiation 
than most earlier 
models estimated. 

Sponsored by the 
Department of En-
ergy and the Na-
tional Science Fou n-
dation, the experi-
ment focused on a 
warm pool in the 
equatorial Pacific 
Ocean in an effort to 
monitorthe heat pat-
terns within the 
ocean water. 

Wher. walertem-
perature remained 
fairly constanl de-

MOne of the 
major 
uncertalntle. In 
predicting global 
warming Is how 
cloud. are going 
to re.pond to a 
warming and 
how their 
re.ponse will 
feed back Into 

up to half the 
amount of radiation 
that they reflect. 
This produces dra-
matic shifts in the 
evaporation of 
ocean water and the 
amount of total rain-
fall, both of which 
must be considered 
before accurate pre-
dictions of global 
temperatures can be 
made. 

"There is a 
strong relationship 
between how much 
sunlight is absorbed 
by the ocean and 
how much water is 
evaporated," 
Ramanathan said. 

spite the low level the climate 
of heat export, the 

"If we reduce the 
amount of sunlight 
reaching the 
ocean ... because of 
cloud absorption, it 
means evaporation 

scientists concluded system." has to be reduced by 
that clouds were ab-
sorbing much of the 
sun's radialion. 

-Veel'llbhadnln the same magni-
tude, whichlmeans 
rainfall has m be re-
duced as well," he 
added. 

bmIIMthan 

"There has bee n 
a long history of 
unexplained ... cloud 

SCripps Center for Clouds, 
Chemistry and Climate, 

absorption of uncer-
tain magnitude," the research team 
wrote in Science magazine. "There 
is no obvious explanation for the 
cause of enhanced cloud shortwave 
absorption. " 

After studying satellite and sur-
face measurements of solar radia-
tion at five different geographic lo-
cations, researchers found that 
clouds absorb about 3O-watts-per-
meter-squared of radiation, rather 
than the previous estimate of two-
watts-per-meter-squared. 

This discrepancy could vastly 
change the outcomes of climate re-
search; however, Scripps research-
ers would not speculate on how their 
findings might alter the long-term 
forecasts of global warming. 

"The climate models up to this 
point have not included this effect," 
said Veerabhadran Ramanathan, 
director of the Scripps Center for 
Clouds, Chemistry and Climate. 
"What it means for global warming 
.is still unclear at this time." 

"One of the major uncertainties 
in predicting global warming is how 

Director Decreased pre-
cipitation contrib-

utes to a reduction in global warm-
ing as the rainfall process tends to 
warm the atmosphere, according to 
Scripps researcher Nicholas Gra-
ham. "This process of evaporation 
and precipitation transfers heat from 
the ocean to the atmosphere, caus-
ing global temperatures to rise," 
Graham said. 

The researchers who conducted 
the Scripps study said they are con-
fident that the increase in cloud ab-
sorption is not confined to certain 
geographic regions. "Our finding of 
enhanced cloud shortwave absurp-
tion is also consistent with an earlier 
satellite-surface measurement study 
restricted to the eastern United 
States," the researchers stated in 
Science. 

Scripps scientists were not cer-
tain as to what has caused this in-
crease in sunlight absorption. 

While aerosols are believed to 
increase cloud absorption, research-
ers found that the geographic con-
sistency of this phenomena ruled 
out aerosols as the cause. 

IIItOCSO,.,..,.."'*"'*..".,. nlllndlrsUllthlCldlmlt ,...brntorh ..... 
oIUCSD.~oI .. _ .. ..,torm,""""""""JIII\. ... ,..."....Is 
.., ........ 0 1!1815. II. _, ,..OCSO~Is .. __ torh_oI 
1IIIOiIdIId .............. Tht_...- .. ..-,..., ..... _ .. _. 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, February 13, 1995 

ETCETERA ... 
CALVIN a HOBBES by Bill Watterson 

1>,5 I I\"~£ CR£I"JEIl 'bJ, 
"3) C"'''' I 0I:.5\~~ ~OJ.' 

.... \ 11 

BRIEFLY ... 

1I\£R£fORE. IN l1.£cCGtlmOl-l 
01' )0\' S\WQ.£1<\£ ~'tlE.R. 

~C\J !-IUS'\ 'tlCRS\1IP !-'I£.' 

I O\l)~\ 00 II,' 1 !,\E~£R 
ThI1.£W 1\\"".' 1C\J CI>,~1 

PRol/£ 1. ThREW II! 

w~'S Cl>.ll\i'lG?;> IS TIll':, IIBoJT 
I£ ?/ 'a~SE If III':>, 1 OIONI 
DO II! 101) GOT N()TTI/H. ON 
~. \li'l~IAAIl?! ~O\J ooT 
~~E M1n\ING .' I TtlL'tOO 
1M IflNcx:rnT.' J\JST GII/£ UP,' 

'()\Jll Nl~£R. G£I ME! 

~£S . \lClri SEFOR'i'- MIGl\q 
CALI/I'" N'l0 1'R£1<\SlE, toR 
I. A1<\ 1\\£ ETERN"'L . 

AU.. KKl:ifIll'IG '" 

TIll, DE.£"'\)"'~T ~iIHOI\'3 
ThE. COOIl,T I=O~ " l'\£'t\ \RI.l.l 

~ \We. GR,(1J"'O'S 11\"" \1.1':> 
It\W~£R I'S It-ICot-'l*T£tlT 

Violinist Plays Valentine's Day Soiree 
UCSD's Department of Music will present a 

Valentine's Day special featuring violinist Hmos 
Negyesy as part of its Soiree for Music Lovers series. 
The evening will begin with dinner at 6 p.m. followed by 
an 8 p.m. concert tomorrow, Feb. 14. Dinner will be 
held at the UCSO Faculty Club on the main campus. 
The concert will feature 'Piano Quartet" by Brahms, 
'Aute Quartet' by Mozart, 'Sonatina" by Schubert and 
a symphony In C Major by Molter. 

N6gysey was born in Budapest, Hungary, and was 
concertmaster of the Radio Berlin Orchestra from 
197()"74. He lived and worked in Paris, Vienna and 
New York before accepting a professorship in 1979 at 
UCSO's Department of Music. Negysey was also the 
first European to record the complete "Violin and 
Piano Sonatas of Charles lves." Negyesy has just 
released a new duo violin CD of compositions by Bela 
Bartok with Paivikki Nykter. 

Nykter will be joining Negyesy for the event along 
with Edwin Harris, Aleck Karis, John Fonville, Glen 
Whitehead, Jeff Nevin Mar&aret Meier and Thomas 
Stauffer. 

Reservations for dinner must have been made by 
Feb. 7; however, tickets for the concert can be pur-
chased at the door on the evening of the concert. 
Tickets are $7 for general admission and $5 for 
students and seniors. 

Panel .. to Present Report 
card on Chicano Students 

The Chicano/Latino Staff Association will present 
a "Report Card" on Chicano/unino students in higher 
education today at noon at the new UCSO Cultural 
Center (old Graphics Building). A panel of experts will 
discuss issues related to Chicano/latino students at 
UC. Participants will join in a discussion of a three-year 
study that was completed by the UC latino Eligibility 
Task Force. 

Panelists will include UC Davis Professor of Educa-
tion Richard Figueroa and UC Santa Cruz Professor of 
Psychology Aida Hurtado. Attendees are urged to bring 
their own lunch; however, light refreShments will be 
provided. Call Olga Vasquez at 534-5271 for more 
information. 

Theatre Department Performs 
Comedy 'Too Cley. By Half' 

The UCSD Department of Theatre will present the 
Alexander Ostrovsky comedy "Too Clever By Half or the 
Diary of a Scoundrel" at the Mandel Weiss Theatre. 
The play will run from Feb. 22 through Feb. 26, with 
performances beginning at 8 p.m. Wednesday through 
Saturday, 7 p.m. Sunday and a 2 p.m. matinee on 
Saturday, Feb. 25. 

The production tells the story of a poor young man 
who decides to help his situation by finding a rich 
woman to marry. He begins to keep a diary during his 
scheming, which eventually becomes public. -

TIckets are $12 for general admission, $10 for 
faculty, staff and seniors, and $6 for students. They 
may be purchased at the Mandell Weiss Theatre Box 
Office, Monday through Friday 11 a.m. to 6 p.m. For 
more information, contact Patricia Snodgrass In the 
UCSD Theatre Promotions Office at 534-3793. 

Stephen Birch Aqu"um Off .... 
EncInitas Tide Pool Exploration 

The Stephen Birch Aquarium-Museum is offering a 
tide-pool excursion to explore the wonders of the sea 
from 1 to 3 p.m. on Sun., Feb. 26. An aquarium 
naturalist will lead the expedition to explore the tide 
pools at Swami's in Encinitas. The fee for the excur-
sion Is $11 for adults and $7 for children ages six to 
13. Advance registration is required. For more Informa-
tion, call 534-7523. 

ANNA VAIIMAN, Opinion Editor 
f1tAIIIClSCO DEYRIES, Features Editor 

DAN KRAfT, Sports Editor 

'*"CMIIIAI'tIIIIS: TlmoIhy Chen. Clllherine Hirota, Heidi Muzlllk.MIII1< 

TEDD LADD, Associate Sports Editor 
JEFF "DEL, Hiatus Editor 

'MOV ZOLOTOREY, Photo Editor 
CHUCII. NGUYEN, Associate Photo Editor 

DOMINIC LOB8IA, Graphics Editor 
JEFF LARSEN, Des,," Editor 

WARREN NO. Production Manager 

PItI..- . 
TYPIST: Ctliltine Gunman 
ADVlltTlSlNlAI8ISTMT: T .... Eot! 
ClttCU&ATIOII ASIIITMT: Plblo M..,IUY, Etllan Martinez. 0_ Roellers 

.,. DeANDREA, Business MlJllater 
.CHAn FOULKS, Advert/sinl Manlier 
.U MAlmNEZ, NMrtis/nl ~silner 

ItITHY A lANCI, C/3ssified Represen'.'r.e 

.. ~ __ h __ 01 lilt I.CSII ..... lit ~ 01 c.rn\I .. .,. 
_~. ,..OCSO~IsIUndecI_br~I""'..,.PooIoIr...,SOI_ 
IWn. 

DOUG ALEXANDER, Editor In Chief 
IlMONE MILLER, Copy Editor 

JONNA 'ALMER, CMWNs Editor 
MARIANNE VIGIL, C<>News Editor 

TOM IARKLEY, Associate News Editor 

__ IT_~:K8ten Chen&."'''' Qet-.entll. , Erik Johnson. lien (IIln 
ITNF _TIllS: Am" -'1...-11. NlnlllouCMon. De,... • .., Holten. Jenny Lind. 
Rob L..mson, EII_h Mackenzie. __ ~_. C_1ce Mc:f-'_. 
He_r MeR ... .lennller Nicoli. MMrl PI" MIIY Beth SedlIICi<. 0.., s-ny. 
lIMen Welsh 

EdltOrl .. : 534-6580. News/Features: 534-5226. 
0pkW0n/SportI: 534-6582. HlatuI: 534-6583 

auslness 0tIIce: 534-3466, F,x: 534-7691 
UCSD O".nll"", 9500 Gilman Drive 0316, 

... Jolla, CA 92093-0318 IDITOIIIA&. AIIIITMTS: Teny L ... Brent Johnson 
ILLUITItATOIIS: MIcIII CnIft. 101II1II.., E~ln . Mike lbey, Paull LN. RIch Yumul 
........ : M_ '.ClWln. B..nnallllh.m. Ale. R_ Actn' Iocotion: Second Floor. UCSO StucIonI Cenm lulldlnt ''''. Rm. 217 

Monday, February 13,1995 

EXTERNAL: 
Wilpitz wants staff 
relations to improve 
Continued from pa •• 1 ' 
past, the vice president external has 
basically been the overseer and the 
delegator of work, but that has 
clashed with some"f the staff mem-
bers," he.sa.id. "I see [the position) 
as a supervisory role, because the 
working relationship with the staff 
members is really important." 

Wilpitz has worked in the Office 
of External Affairs for the last year. 

,He has been the AS. representative 
to, and vice chairman of, the Stu-
dent Affirmative Action Commit-
tee (SAAC), and will chairthis year's 
University of California Student As-
sociation.(UCSA) Student of Color 
Conference, to be held at UCSD in 
March. 

T-SHIRTS: 
~tudents say, Davies 
IS unresponsIve 
Continued from pal. 1 
office. 

"His secretary went back and 
spoke to 'someone' for five minutes 
and then informed us that he was not 
in," said Weatherup, who added that 
she believes Davies was there. 

On Friday, Davies, who said he 
was in Sacramento during the dem-
onstration, called the T-shirt cam-
paign "clever." "I'm sorry I missed 
[the T-shirt hanging]," he added. 

"We always do as much as we 
can to keep [fees) from rising, of 
course," Davies said. "But the ques-
tion is what can we do? If [the leg-
islature) will give us more money, 
fine." 

"The only thing that students 
make a mistake in thinking is that all 
of the burden of the budget prob-
lems fall on them, and that's just not 
true," Davies said, adding that fac-

UCSD representative to the 
UCSA Naomi Falk said that Wilpitz 
is "more than qualified" forthe post. 
"He is very versed in all the issues 
- he knows affirmative action, he 
knows about the budget," Falk said. 
"He's kind of a newcomer, but he's 
picked up things really fast. I think 
we're really lucky to have gOllen 
him." 

Falk said she believes that given 
his experience in lobbying and or-
ganizing campaigns, Wilpitz will 
make the A.S. more active. She 
added that unlike Craig, whom she 
called "incompetent," Wilpitz is 
highly organized and able. "The of-
fice has been more productive in the 
last few weeks than it has [been) all 
year," Falk said. 

"[Wilpitz) has managed to orga-
nize the staff in a way which had not 
been done previously," Falk added. 
"Everyone at the office is working 

ully and staff have shared the bur-
den. The proposed budget would 
increase faculty salaries by three 
percent this year, 7.S percent below 
average, and seeks to attain the av-
erage salary level in four years. Staff 
salaries would increase 1.5 percent. 

Weatherup said that the regents 
had accepted the fee increase early, 
despite their promise to only raise 
fees as a last resort. "The legislative 
budget has not come out yet, so in 
discussing raising fees at this point 
[the regents) are basically sending a 
message to the legislators that they 
don't need to fund higher educa-
tion," she said. 

The protesters said they were 
also trying to provoke Davies to 
become more responsive as a re-
gent. According to Weatherup, 
Davies never returns students' phone 
calls. 

Naomi Falk, UCSD's represen-
tative to the University of Califor-
niaStudentA5Sociation(UCSA)and 
last year's A.S.lobby director, said 
that she has attempted to meet with 

The UCSD Guardian 

together, and things are running very 
smoothly." 

"I don't want to downplay the 
role other people have played, but 
Damien has been able to oversee 
everything," Falk added. 

Wilpitz's term will last only a 
few months, ending after the AS 
elections in May. "Because it's al-
ready so late in the year, I want to go 
ahead with present projects such as 
the regents forum and the shirt 
drive," he said. 

According to Weatherup, 
Wilpitz's short term will make it 
difficult for him to make his mark. 
"He's stepping in the middle of ev-
erythingall being established, so his 
role is shifting," she said. "I think 
it's going to be difficult for him to 
redefine his role in the middle of the 
quarter. If anyone can do anything 
in that brief amount of time, I think 
Damien can." 

Davies many times in the last two 
years. "He won' t return my calls, he 
won't return my letters," Falk said. 
She added that, in contrast, Regent 
Burgener, who also lives in the San 
Diego area, "has made every effort 
to be accessible." 

"Davies represents a constitu-
encyoflS0,OOOstudents," Falksaid. 
"I would think that to accurately 
represent them, he would need to 
meet with them once in awhile." 

However, Davies denies the ac-
cusation that he has not been re-
sponsive. "If the students have called 
me at my office at the right num-
bers, I've returned any student calls 
I've had," he said. 

The protest was part of a week-
long anli-fee-hike campaign orga-
nized by the A.S. and UCSA, build-
ing up 10 the regents meeting, on 
Thursday. 

The protests will culminate with 
"UCSD Unplugged," an all-night 
anti-fee-hike concert, beginning 
Wednesday evening at 4 p.m. on the 
Price Center lawn. 

EXPERIENCED NEWS WRITERS NEEDED 
Call the Guardian at 534-5226 

ATTRAcnve, FUN LOVING, 
junior, Muir, outgoing, 
passionate, giving, guitar, 
cappuccino, travel. Seeking a 
soul mate or non-aggressive 
buddy. 

For more expressions of love, 
see the Guardian 

Valentine Personals, 
pages 10& 11 

Study Japanese 
this Summer! 

Intensive six-week program at 
Lewis & Clark Colleae in Ponland, 
Oregon July IS-Aug '1:1. Study 
Japanese lang. (all levels) & 
cullure COIIrseS in eoonomics, 
literature and history. Earn 8 IICm. 
hrs (12 qtr. hrs) while living and 
studying with J.panc:ae students. 
Outdoor wilderness trip included. 
Prior languaae study IlOl required. 
SdIolanhlpa availablel 

OreaonlJapaD Summer Proaram 
222 SW Columbia St., Suite 1750 
Portl.nd, OR 97201 
1-88O-ll3-793Iopl t@ .... _ 

CAMPUS CONNECTION 

FEBRUARY SPECIAL!! 
A CHAMPION Sweatshirt· with your 

GREEK letters! 

5297 Linda Vista Rd. 293-0990 

JEWISH WOMEN, AUT(f-tARE SPECIAL 
·M!RI $39.95 

- 2 oil changes Ind lubes 
- Brake .djustment and inspection 
- 2 tire rotltiona and batances 
- mini tune·up 
- AdjuSl .t replace holes and belts 
· Flat Rplir 
• Battery ",cUfF • cUlJi~ syst •• Dllysis 
• CooI~ 5111. service w/1 Gal. 01 rooI.D1 
• Air a.litioai .. scMct (for 129.95) 
• - 529. 00 OFF aay odIer service 
.. - $3).00 ill fftc pIOt_ 

VIrIIty of 1IcItI •• 
can Mike 792-1318 

NEWS 3 

CALVIN KLEIN 
TRUNK SHOW 

This is an unusual opportunity to see the 
ENTIRE LINE of.eyewear by this presttgious 
designer. Mary Blake, the Calvin Klein 
representative, will be here Tuesday, Feb. 28 
from 2-6 pm to personally help you with your 
selection. And, for this event, I guarantee 
the LOWEST PRICE in San Diego. 

Sincerely, 
Dr. Nick Selby, 00 

We will be serving FREE REFRESHMENTS 

~pdda 
illion dollars 

orthe answelS 
fo this year's 
LSAT, GRE, GMAT 
arJltIICAT. 

We spend over' a million dollars each year 
researching tests, updating course mat-
erials, training teachers and evaluating 
students. No wonder no other company 
sees the score improvements we do. Call 
now to make our investment payoff for you. 

THE 
PRINCETON 
REVIEW (800) 2-REVIEW 

00 
4610 MISSION lAY OIM • IAH D_GO, ~'" 91109 

275-1132 
1 00/ All REPAIRS / 0 OFF With thiS coupon sa-. -.My ond ___ UCID 10. '£lIOIPI- end ' •• 1 I I ._ 11.000-' NDI__ _ ~. 



4 OPINION 

WHAT THE 
EDUCATORS SAY 

Jnteniewsbyinna Yaisman, OPINION EDITOR 
AND Brent Johnson, STAFF WRITER 
Has U.S. education fallen behind that of other 

industrialized nations? The Guardian asks several 
UCSD educators to evaluate the quality of Ameri-
can education. 
AnnCr.., 
PrOYost, EI ....... Roosey.1t CoIl.,. 

Certainly, a number of national studies suggest 
that there are declines [in U.S. education], and that 
those declir.es are reflected in more narrow and 
more limited preparation for our students - less 
knowledge of geography, more limited vo-
cabularies, reduced writing abilities, re-
duced critical thinking skills. And then, 
the studies are less clear [about] 
whether there's been a decline in U.S. 
education or whether .. . we are less 
well-off, comparatively, than we used 
to be .. .. 

Ithink that what seems pretty clear 
from those studies is that if the United 
States, and if students in the United 
States, want to be in a position to com-
pete in a global market, they need to 
adopt different attitudes toward get-
ting their own education. And 
school systems need to think of 
preparing their students to work 
in a world where they will be 
working with people from 
other countries who have 
been prepared in different 
ways than our stu-
dents ... . 

The federal govern-
ment.. . has been wor-
ried about that. [It has] 
tended to be worried 
about it in selective issue 
areas, so that after Sputnik, we 
all worried about science training, 
and now, everyone's worried about 
computer literacy and the informa-
tion superhighway and that kind of 
technological preparation .... 

I think that what the studies have 
shown is that students in other coun-
tries test better than our students do, 
or seem to perform at higher levels than 
our students do, on the measurements that the 
studies are employing. That's not the same thing as 
saying that those educational systems are "better 
than" our educational system, but there are things 
that other educational systems around the world do 
differently than we do. They have often more disci-
plined classrooms. They have fixed curriculum .... 
The total number of student contact hours in school 
in Japan is [much higher] than it is in the United 
States. Some other school systems give less room to 
student development, to experiential learning, to cre-
ative activities that aren't then measured in the same 
way by these tests. I'm not indicating by this listing 
that those are positive features of the other systems, 
but just that they create a different kind of learning 
environment that then tests better [than that of the 
United States] .... 

We [American educators] encourage our students 
to be broadly curious .... And 1'10 committed to en-
couraging young people between the ages of 18-22 
to see that ... there's this marvelous smorgasbord of 
subjects out there that you could learn about in a 
focused way now, and be curious about for the rest 

. of your lifetime. And so we have the possibility of 
producing intellectually broader, more curious and 
more engaged citizens than other school systems 
that start specializing and tracking .. . at an earlier 
time.... . 

At UCSD, we can encourage students to be in-
volved in research projects as undergraduates. We 
require them, through the college system, to get a 
broad liberal arts education and not just a special-

See EDUCATORS, Pale 5 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, Febrary 13, 199!5 

A MER I 
EDUCATION 

C A'S 
CRISIS 

(And Doesn't Give a Damn) 

WE HAVE LOST OUR EDUCATIONAL PRIORITIES 
BJPeterCbang, CONTRIBUTI NG OPIN ION WR ITER 

"Mom, could you read my diploma to 
me again?" 

This running joke between a friend and 
me surfaces whenever we hear of yet an-
other failure of our education system, and 
it never fails to elicit hearty chortles. Yet, 
beneath our mirth lies the sobering real-
ization that we cannot survive as a soci-
ety if we perpetuate the dismal state of 
affairs which the educational status quo 
has bestowed upon us. 

Damning evidence of educational in-
competence abounds: A 1990 release from 
the National Center for Educational Sta-
tistics (NCES) reported that 16 percent of 
17-year-old students fall below the level 
called "indeterminate" in the National 
Assessment of Educational Progress 
(NAEP) reading test. In most cases, these 
students are functionally illiterate, unable 
to deal with even moderately complex 
documents like instruction manuals. Ac-
cording to the NAEP, fewer than one in 
three of these 17-year-olds could place the 
Civil War in the correct half-century of its 
occurrence. Fewer than 60 percent could 

correctly answer the question: "A hockey 
team won five of its 20 games. What per-
cent of the games did it win?" In addition, 
age does not improve the situation: Fewer 
than 40 percent of 25-year-olds can com-
prehend the main idea of a newspaper ar-
ticle, 44 percent cannot understand a 
"help-wanted" ad well enough to match 
their qualifications with the job require-

ments and 22 percent cannot address a let-
ter well enough to ensure that the post of-
fice can deliver it. Even a college educa-
tion offers no shelter against ignorance: 
Fewer than 30 percent of college gradu-
ates know that John Major is the prime 
minister of England and 78 percent can-
not identify the line of succession to the 

See IGNORANCE, Page 6 

The average cost of educating a pupil in public elementary and secondary 
~ho~ls has risen almost $1,500 Since 1979. All figures are adjusted for 
InnatlOn. 

'88 '87 '88 '89 '90 '91 
Source: u.s. [)epertment of EdIutIon 

DominIC lOtIbiII/Guard., 

Monday, February 13, 1995 The UCSD Guardian OPINION !5 

UNIVERSITY SHOULD NOT PROMOTE ANY SINGLE RELIGION 
Editor: 

After attending the UCSD gos-
pel choir concert at RIMAC on Jan. 
t 8, we were appalled to see univer-
sity money used to pay for a perfor-
mance that was religious in nature. 
We do not mean to say that the study 
of religiouS music should not be part 
of the curriculum at UCSD. How-
ever, it should be done in a manner 
which does not encourage or pro-
mote religion. 

At the concert, the choir sang 
songs decidedly Christian in nature. 
In the middle. of the concert, there 
was a to-minute sermon by a guest 
singer who belonged to a local con-
gregation. The sermon contained 
many references to Christ and en-
dorsed Christianity as the one and 
only religion which is acceptable. 

EDUCATORS: 
Continued from pale 4 
ized [one] in a single field. We en-
courage you to be actively involved 
in your community and to take your 
citizenship responsibility seriously 
while you ' re here, through college 
governance and involvement in or-
ganizations or fraternities and so-
rorities, and so on .... And the advan-
tage of being at UCSD ... is that it's 
a big university, so your choices are 
greater. We have more courses to 
choose from within departments, 
more departments to choose from 
within the university, more diverse 
students to get to know. So ... by 
class and ethnicity and age, [it is] a 
less specialized kind of student 
body. And in that sense, you have 

If the university really wants to 
promote multiculturalism, would it 
not be better to offer a two-unit class 
each quarter which would study the 
musical heritage of many different 
cultures and races from all parts of 
the world in a secular manner? This 
way, the school would not be pro-
moting anyone religion, which is a 
blatant violation of the First Amend-
ment and a waste of student fees. 

Tom Schreck 
Sean South 

Profoundly Obfuscated 
Lu ... brIous P .......... 
Editor: 

Jenny Lind's commentary 
(" Academia, How Silly Art Thy 
Texts," Feb. 2) is a profound and 

more opportunities, while a univer-
sity student, to get to know more 
people like those you will encoun-
ter in your working life after you 
graduate. 

David Jordan 
PrOyost, War, ... Con ... 

In my experience as a professor, 
there really has been no decline [in 
U.S. education]. I once received a 
survey asking me how much, in my 
opinion, had student writing skills 
deteriorated. The choices they gave 
me ranged from "a lot" to "cata-
strophic levels." I really don 't think 
education has deteriorated. For ex-
ample, writing skills, mechanically, 
seem to have remained at about the 
same level as in years before. How-
ever, Ithink the quality of logic and 

Readers 'Forum 
The Guardian welcomes letters snd commen-
tsrles from Its readers. AI/letters must be no 
Ionter than three P8IleS. typeCI. t1oubfe.spaced 
1IfIt1 sl,net1. Letters shoUlt1 also conraln a 
phone number. We reserve the rifht to edit 
for lellffh and clarity. Send all letters to: 

The GUlrdlln 
Opinion Editor 

9500 GI/mllfl Or. 0316 
La Jolla. CA 92093-0316 

Fax: (619) 534-7691 

argument may have risen. Overall, 
I think the quality of education has 
risen. 

My hunch [about why test scores 
are falling] is that there is a change 
in the proportion of people taking 
the test [S.A.T.]. There are probably 
people who are taking the tests who 
would not have taken them in pre-
vious years. I would think this is 
happening because we have made 
college so important in obtaining a 
good life. Those who would be 
farmers [in the past] are now in col-
lege. Also, I'm sure that if you look 
at the top scores of the tests, they 
are probably not much different 
when compared to earlier scores. 
When people talk about lower test 
scores, I think they are looking at 
the mean .... 

scything analysis. 
Allow me to synopsize her article 

for those who did not have the plea-
sure of perusing it. She calls for a 
new paradigm in academic profun-
dity. There should be a higher stan-
dard for the tomes of academia than 
for the plebeian of pedestrian soci-
ety. She would spray fungicide on 
the toad stools of political scientists 
who wallow in the perquisites of the 
old paradigm. Those purveyors of 
obfuscation must be banished from 
their ivory towers before they cover 
the walls with the filth of their own 
lugubrious denunciations. 

These calls for a coup d'etat of 
the old regime have some serious 
flaws. First, she accuses academi-
cians of using eccentric vocable in 
order to be ambiguas in vulgam 

Many nations have a rigid na-
tional exam that determines what 
further education or training a per-
son will receive. I used to think 
these exams were very inflexible. 
When I was in Taiwan, they had 
these wonderful geography books 
that were never opened because ge-
ography wasn ' t on the exam. 1 felt 
that this kind of education stifled 
creativity. Now, I think perhaps ex-
ams motivate people toward social 
advancement, especially when their 
position in society is at stake. People 
really crack down when their futures 
are in question. 

I don ' t think that U.S. schools 
are necessarily beller [than those 
in other countries] , but we do have 
a lot of advantages. U.S. schools 
have more money available to 

spargere voces. This is ludicrous. 
Secondly, Lind claims that these 
platitudinarians are actively stymie-
ing the academic aspirations of the 4 
harbingers of the new paradigm. 
Personally, I consider this attack on 
the moral rectitude of scientists to 
be unconscionable. Finally, how can 
any good American denounce fel-
low citizens for being politically 
active? I find this to be the most fal-
lacious of all her failings. 

II is the actions of these few dis-
gruntled malcontents which is un-
dermining the truly glorious path 
which academia has blazed for all 
mankind to follow. Let us name this 
kind of acrimony the 'Li nd 
Lubriderm' and outlaw it from the 
lugubrious paradigm. 

Paul Shames 

them, and the government supports 
our schools with government re-
search grants. Also, I think our sys-
tem encourages a friendly compe-
tition for quality. All schools want 
the best students and faculty. This 
is not necessarily true in other 
countries. When I was in China, I 
fell that [its] universities were ba-
sically the same throughout the 
country. Of course, this isn 't al-
ways the case for all foreign 
schools. But in general, schools 
outside the [United States] just 
don 't seem as vital. 

I think U.S. schools in general, 
and UCSD in particular, offer great 
educations in major research univer-
sities, whereas sometimes in other 
countries - and even in so me 

See EDUCATORS, Page 6 

Rep.lrs 

10% OFF 

Practice Tests 
atUCSD 

I TOYOTA I Suzuki Mazda Hyunl1!l1i''''~ 
HONDA 

"-<lleo \...J Mltsub.sh. Isuzu Acura 
Excellent references from our satisfied customers! 

Minor Tune Up Special $29!.$55) 
Our tune up includes a lot more than others. It includes: 

MeAT GRE 
Sunday, Feb. 26 - 10 am 

In Peterson Hall 
Call 

277·6744 
to ' Reserve a Seat 
Limited Space! 

gat a hi'gherscore 
KAPLAN 

GMAT LSAT 

1. Spark plugs 
2. Distributor points 6. Adjust dwell angle 10. Check undercarriage 'or 
3. Condensers 7. Check brakes damages 
4. Adjust Timing 8. Check clutch 11 . Check cooling system & hoses 
5. Check and replenish alilluid 

and oil levels 
9. Check lights 12. Road test 

3S-polnt Major Service Special $69* 
Extra for fuel-injected. Our major tune up includes: (reg. $150) 

1. Compt_1on t .. t 
2. v.Jve od!ullment 
11.-: 
3. v.Jve 0tNfJt gul<ot 

(If~. 
4_ SpMI pIugI. 
5. OIotrlbutor polnta. 
6. Condon_a. 
7. Aiffltter. 

8. 0~_. 
9. Gufltter. and 
10. Engine oil 

11 . Adjust timinp 
12. Adjust dwel angle 
13. Adjust carburetor 
14. AdlUSI air & fuel ralio 

mixture 
15. Adjust steering box 
16. Adjust clutch 
17. Adjust brakes 
18. Adlust emergency brakes 
19. Check & adjust exposed 

belts 

20. Lube Iront end 
21 . Chedl & replenish all 

lIuid & oil levels 
22. Checfl electrical system 
23. Check for loose & lost 

bohs 
24. Checfl brakes 
25. Checfl clutch 
26. Checfllights 
27. Chedl undercarriage 

lor damages 

28. Check and recharga 
banaries. if necessary 

29. Rotate tiras ( ~ needed) 
30. Chedl tire pressure 
31 . Lube door hinges 
32. Check all holders 
33. Check cooling system & 

hoses 
34. Chacfl exhaust system 
35. Road test 

Not.: 10f 6-cylinde< cars add $20. Toyota Supra •. add S30. OalSun 200SX with 8 spark plugs. add $35. 

Complete $164 * 
Clutch Job 

I . TOOSlIlISsion "put wn wllucept _ I 
2 Pressurl pllt. 
3. CIutCII dis< 
• . Th ...... beanno 
5. Pilof llNring 
6. New transmisSIOn (XI 1. _ttsI 

Brake Job 
Special 

front or rear. Brake job includes: 
1. InslJll ~ciaI new pads or ~""I rur 
b .. keshoos 
2 O~n c*i brake nuid 
3. tflSllOCl <01I19i'" 1!yOf1~k sy>t"" 
4. Rlfi! hydf1utic IIuid 

5. _ IIlnre bf1kt Sf""" 
6. Adjust Iront IiI drums) and 
"af"-
1. RlpIOCIlront rotor s .... (,I 
lOIor. turn) 
8. Rood "Sf 

Timing Belt Special $99* 
Brand new parts. Ask about our specials on engines. All our work has a 2-year or 

20,OOO-mile limited warranty. All prices include parts and labor. 

X 8008 Miramar Rd. 
-695-1990 



:{ '" 

6 OPINION The UCSD Guardian Monday, Febrary 13, 1995 

EDUCATORS: Pilbtck L.dd •• in other nations. .." .. 11 •• level, U.S. education is still supe-Provoet, MuIr ColI ... Primary education has some c:uar...,......, ....... of rior, especially its graduate pro-
Continued from..... 5 Many nations have homogeneous problems, but in higher education, PoIItIcIIIIcI •• ce grams. This is particularly apparent 
schools in the [United States) - societies without the vast differences especially in the graduate programs, The [United States) is not expe- when we look at the proportion of 
universities are "scholastic educa- in culture we experience here in the the [United States) is the world sian- riencing a decline in education at all the population in higher education 
tion centers," which simply train [United States). This certainly lends dard. Top universities in our coun- levels. In K-12, there are many - a higher percentage of our people 
their students and then ship them to the success of their progllms .... try - of which UCSD is one - problems. I think this is due to the are attending school than in other 
out. Many nations ' students cOming In this country, opportunity is have top-rate undergraduate pro- problems faced by our society .... At countries. Pre-university education 
out of national exams feel exhausted very broad. Everybody has a chance. grams, which are certainly ... equal, the university level, however, the in other countries, however, is bet-
-they've made it to the university, You can drop out of high school, if not superior, to the undergradu- quality of education is as good as ter. Look at the amount of time chil-
and now it 's time to party. When join the navy, come back and still ate programs in other nations. How- 30 years ago . The question is dren spend in school in other coun-
U.S. students arrive at the univer- receive a good education. We pro- ever, the end product of our educa- whether or not entering students uti- tries . By and large, their school 
sity, it's really the beginning of their vide second, third, fourth opportu- tiona I system - our graduate pro- lize it.. .. years are longer than in the [United 
academic lives. nities here. This just doesn 't happen grams - are first rite. I think that at the university States). 

IGNORANCE: about being stupid. to "alternative" lifestyles and les- started the Civil War. Discuss the raising" self-help seminars. Is it any In the tradition of finger-point- bian parenting), and the now-infa- positions each side had on these is- wonder that the children of other 
ContInued from..... 4 ing for which Americans are known mous "New Math" of the 19705, are sues. industrial powers run riogs around 
presidency past the vice president. worldwide, let's find someone to adept at dodging blame. Meanwhile, This was not a te.st for high our high-school students? 
In our own Cal State system, the blame. To hear the likes of the Na- we add millions of our young people school graduation (which would We've abdicated our responsibil-
L.A. Times reported that over SO tional Education Association to the tally of casualties under bu- have been impressive enough to- ity to challenge young minds, offer-
percent of incoming students failed (NEA) and other education experts reaucratic mismanagement and pon- day), but a test for admission to Jer- ing for brain food the equivalent of 
placement tests in math or English, tell it, the problem is funding: As a der the large-scale consequences of sey City High School. Few, if any, intellectual offal- and we've paid 
requiring the addition of remedial nation, we don 't spend enough or a generation unable to write effec- 15-year~ld students can answer this the price with the coin of illiterate, 
classes to bring the students up to care enough about our children's tively, use rudimentary algebra and question today. How could we have math-phobic high school students 
collegiate caliber. future. Yet, according to the U.S. understand basic scientific prin- allowed standards to fall so far? who graduate incapable of grasping 

The international picture isn't Department of Education, per-pu- ciples. Hoover Fellow and economist basic scientific concepts. Today's 
any rosier. The Wall Street Jour- ' pil expenditures grew at an infta- How could this happen? Who Thomas Sowell described a typical youth remains terrifyingly unaware 
nat recently published the results tion-adjusted 307 percent from fell asleep at the wheel and drove process in which words like "spec- of the depth of their ignorance: The 
of a 1994 NCES study. which com- 1960 to 1992, from $1765 to $5421 us to this God-forsaken wasteland tacle" and "admired" were deleted calculator replaced mathematical 
pared the mathematical and scien- per student, during the steepest de- of widespread ignorance? from current textbooks because they aptitude, tabloid-TV news programs 
tific competence of high school eline in mean S.A.T. scores. Inter- lt wasn't always this way. The were deemed too difficult for high replaced the perusal of newspapers 
students in industrialized nations. nationally, we rank nearly first in Wall StreetJourna[ devoted an edi- school students. Sowell juxtaposed and trade journals, and 30-second 
In seven of the tables, the United per-pupil spending, so the idea that torial page to a reproduction of an this timidity to McGuffey's Read- election ads replaced serious politi-
States was dead last; in eight oth- greater expenditure on our schools 1885 Jersey City High School ex- ers, the staple of 19th-century cal discourse. 
ers, the United States was within is the cure for our educational ills ami nation. Questions included: schoolchildren. The Reader in- The time has come to return our 
two countries of being last; in four is questionable. • Calculate the compound inter- eluded words such as "species," schools to their former mission: the 
of the remaining seven, the United Education bureaucrats, who have est on a $600 investment for 18 "dialogue," "heath" and "be- serious business of creating compe-
States was in the bollom half. We masterminded such gems as Out- months given a six-percent interest nighted" - intended for eight-year- tent, articulate and technologically-
do have the dubious honor of rank- come-Based Education (no grades rate and biannual compounding. olds. savvy leaders for tomorrow. If we 
ing first in the what is perhaps the or standards, only nebulous objec- • Write' a sentence containing a The blame rests on the reform- allow society to continue on its cur-
most worthless category of all: tives like "group skills" and "glo- noun used as an attribute, a verb in ers of our educational system, who rent path, we will all deserve chil-
self-esteem. So maybe our schools bal environmental awareness"), the perfect tense potential mood. have replaced schools which taught dren who will ask us, "Uh, could 
have not completely failed us. Heather Has 7Wo Mommies (a book and a proper adjective. children to be independent thinkers, you read my diploma to me again, 
School has taught us to feel good designed to familiarize first-graders • Identify three key issues that with touchy-feely "consciousness Mom?" 

Ya Gotta L~ve It! 

FREE 5x7~-
Come in & Check Out 

our great prtceson FUJI Film! 

,.) 
--------------------~ 

: ' With this coupon receive a FREE SK7 • h .. \ 
color enlargement wi th any roll of p. U I 5 e 

, 3Smm (olor print film ((41 process) I 
I developed and printed at our regular ( 0" • "( H NO' 0 G' ( ' N I " I 
I 10Vi prke. Not valid with other offers, F"r (),,-c,!!!!!1"" C"pi .... .tIlld M"r.! \ 
\ one coupon per customer. Offer good locoted ot: I 

• ,,.llltttllIr AI", lap,. PsI 

• Prtceetll II ........ flIId ......... 
I Feb. 13 thru Feb. 24 , 1995. UCSD Upper 1 ... 1 ., the Price C,"t,r I 
I Film Plocessed by 677 -9000 \1 
, 1.11 FWI Trueolor Code 1 449 
,---------------______ 1 

•• .,., CII ..... ($181 till.., 
• n .... 1111111 81 UCU ... 0fftcI · 

Thursday. Februarv 16th. 8 pm to Midnight at Porter's Pub 

.' 

Monday, February 13, 1995 

fiG1l<DCM/C Sf/1{.fJlces 
Ongoing 

, UCSD YI8!tor'. ~ I. otI8r1ng Ir .. 
Sundey alltr~ IOuta 01 UCSO lor San Di· 
ego r.1idtnIa and vWIors. MIn~van tours II. 
lV.iltblt the first and third Sunday. 01 nch 
month, starting at 3 p.m:'flom the Gilman In· 
formation PavDlon. Wilking tours .r. otI8m 
on tIt.mativt Sunday., ..., Itarting lit 3 p.m. 
from the Gilman Pavilion. Speciel group lours 
can be .rranged upon request. The tourl In-
clude lOme 01 the Stuart Collection 01 out· 
door sculpture • • and do not Include building 
Interiors. There is a minimal UCSD parking 
lee. Re .. rvatlons are _ry, and may be 
madl by ~Iling 534-4414. 
• OASIS Lltnguage Program prov!dtts free 
tutoring assistance to students whose native 
language is not English and to those doing 
work in Spanish, French and Russian. A dl· 
agnostic tast on written English is available 
on request. Monday-Thursdays 9:00-4:30pm 
and Fridays 9:00am-3:00pm. Call 534-2284 
for more information or drop by our office at 
Student Canllr Building A, Room *214. 
, Prol.ulonel/Gradult. Schoor Advising 
Daily appointments available for issues reo 
lated to admission to professional or gradu-
ate school. Call 534·4939. Career Services. 
• 9-4:00p. m. - Programs Abroad Offlc. -
D.lly .ppolntm.nte are available with Pro· 
grams Abroad Advisors to help answar any 
questions about study or work abroad. Call 
today - 534-1123. 
• 10:00am to 4:00p.m. - Let O~SIS Study 
Manegement C.nt.r help you this quarter 
with time management, notetaking and edd-
ing , tBKtbook analys is. memory. lIexible/ 
speed reading. vocabulary development, and 
GRE Preparat ion Workshops. Stop by York 
Hall 4010 or call 534·7344 to set up a per-
sonal appointment. Also. stay on lhe lookout 
for those valuable OASIS Study Skills Work-
shops. 
• Moat EAP d_dlln .. ha", lIMn .xt.ndttd. 
So if you ara still intereSted in studying in an· 
other country. n's nol too lale! Call or visit the 
Programs Abroad office for more info. 

Thursday, Fflbruary 16 
• 2:30p.m.', LNrn .bout opportunltl" in 
Austria, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Ireland. 
Mexico & the UK through Beaver College 
Programs Abroad. Internat ional Center Con· 
ference Room. 

Friday, February 1 7 
• 2:30 p.m. - Semest.r .. summer option. 
in Budapest. Krakow, Prague & Ven ice 
through Lexia Exchange International. Inter· 
nat ional Canter Conference Room. 

jJ,C'fVrf\CSISeMIJ'{j1rf\S 
. Tuesday, February 14 

• 4:00 p.m. - Phy.lcal Ch.ml.try Seminar 
by William Simpson @ 45OO Pacific Han. "The 
Effect of Vibration on a Chemical Reaction 
Mechanism .• 

Wednflsday. February 15 
• 6:00 • 7:00 p.m .• Carin Crawford : UCSD 
graduale student will discuss his book ' A HI. 
tory 01 Surf Culture In South.rn Callfor-
nl •• nd s.yond" 

Thursday, Febf'.lary 16 
• 12:00p.m. - The Ethnic Studies Dept. pre-
sants Mark Winter , AmII1c:tn R.nel_nee 
Gall.ry "Slav. W .. vlng In tli. 
SouthW .. t." CrolS·Cultural Center. Bldg 
510 (South of the Lnerature Bldg.). 
• 4p.m. - Charles Segel, jlfole_olGrMk 
and Llttln Uttreture, will deliver the pr.mlere 
lecture of the UCSD's new Humanijies Lec-
ture Series, in Room3155 (dlCe,.au Room) 
of the Lnerature Bldg . 

Friday, February 17 
• noon - Biochemillry SIminar: Dr. George 
Rose from The Department of Biophyeic8 and 
Biophysical Chemillry of the SchOOl 01 Madi· 
cine at Johns Hopkins University will IjIHk 
on ' Protein Folding Re.u~.- at CMG Lecture 
Hall. 

Jl&J1fffiJfcJ) .!fI'TJVesS 
Ongoing 

• Come .nd check out your physicallitntlll 
Sign up for FITITOP for • perlOnal. fr" 
phYlical 1it".11 .. _nt. Sign-upe II. 
downltain In the Student HHlth Center. 
• FREE SEXuel IttItIth Informetlon at Stu-
dent H.alth. leam about birth control and 
STD. from Student HHIth Advocatas on the 
2nd floor. Call 534-24111 lor information. 
• Have you IncIulgtcllll _ too meny Jun~ 
food blnged KHp ,.,. on your cholesterol 
lewl by coming to Student HNIth. Call 534-
24111 for acbadult. 
• FREE Condom.' Do you know .bout HIV? 
II you have a group of 10 Of f1l()(' you can 
requell an HIV P"r Educator "rogram. Well 
tailor I program 10 meet your groups need •. 
• Flu Shotl Iv.llable at ltudent HNIth 
IIervIcM. Prottct yourseillor this upcoming 
wim.rl Only S511 WTLiTh 8· 11 I .m., Wad II· 
11 ' .m .. Fri 8·11 a.m. " 1·3 p.m. 
• Want to iNrn f1l()(' tbout .. Kual hellth ia· 
_.? Attend .. Women. I_I Htltlth In-
IonnItlon 1tNIon: ~I FREE. Come to the 
IICOI1d floor of StudInt HNIth Service. Mon-
daY' 2:00, TueadtY' and Thuradty. 10:00 
and 1 :00, WadntadtY' 11 :00 and 1 :00. 
• looking to Improve your he.lth? Come to 
the IICOnd floor of Student Health SIrvall 
FREE Nutrlt'on.' HNlth A."um.nt • • 
ChoIImrol acr .. nlngl only S5> 
• A epeclallnvltatlon to IIUdentI lnterested In 
developing UCSD'I own fllntSI Ind hNlth 
megulne. Enthuslallic 11111 needed nowl 
Oueltion .... da •• pita .. call KrIstin •• t 678-
0124. (WHlr/y) 
• 1 e-11I.m .• 1-2p.m. (Mon). le-lll.m. (Wed) , 
" -12p.m. (Frl) - ChoItttrolScrNnlng TNt 
., Student Hliith Servic .. lor IS. Nutrition 
Analylil and CounNling at Student Health 
SIrval, FREEl. 
• Filling 11rHI? Not Nllng WIll? Stu-
dent HIIIth Advocatas otI8r OutrllCheS on 
Nutrition? S'rell manllQlment right to your 
doorItap. PIIIII call 534·24111 for more info. 

CJ:31CM,ftJfctJMee'TIJfCS 
OngoIng 

• The Ch' CaM Collective II looking for 
members. Do yqu III!/! to cook? Do you w.nt 
10 IIIrn how? Drop' by the ~ CaM during 
buII".1I hOuri: "'·F 11 a.m, - 2 p.m .• W 4 
p.m.-6 p.m. 

, '"" W_ IINouIOl CIIIItr We en-
courage new (and old) alUdtntl 10 come In 
and become IarnII'- with our many lIMoN 
and diecUllion groupe. W. lflloc:atad In the 
6tudtnt Cln*r. right ".111 10 A.8. Ltcturt 
NoIH. Drop by and .. y HII 
• Olve btok to ,our culture ..,. ~ ca __ l_1IIIOIIII the AllIn Com-
munltyl H tekn only 3 houri per month 10 
participate In an outreach. II you hi ..... ny 
questions, contact Georgia RobInl Sedler. 
Ph.D. 01 the c.notr Cent., Outreech Pro· 
gr.m.t 534·76" . 

Monday. Fabruaty 13 
- 2p.m . • InterMted In the environment? 
Come check Out our Student Environmental 
Action CQalnlon ~ting. in Rm '208 Old 
Student Canter or call 534-7909. (weekly) 
• 4:05 p.m. Rev.11t Progrllmmlng Botrd 
meeting. Deans office. (wef!kly) 
• 7 p.m. L .. blln G.y BI".ual AI_I.-
t,lon General business meeting. come out 
'and get Involvedl location: Womens Re· 
source Canter. 534·GAYS (WfIfIIrly) 
• 7 p.m. Int.rnatlon.r Club. Join us for a 
general meeting at the International Canter. 
(weekly) 
- 7 p.m. Clrcl. K Int.rnatlonal meet-
Ing located on the second ncor of the 
Price Canter, Gallery B. (_kIJil 
• "p.m. - Th. Envlronm.ntel Group. 
SEAC, is Invning everyone to loin In the 
fun . We recycle , plant trees. go to el-
ementary schools, do protests & 
marches, and just love hanging out @ 
the Hump or PUB. Meetings Mondays 
4pm Old Student Center Room 208, ( 
right above soli reserves) (weakly) 
- 5p.m . • Collag. Democratl gener.' 
'""tlng in the Old Student Canter Rm. 
202. Make a difference - Get involved I 
(weekly) 
• 6:30p.m. -International Club members 
and anyone interested come join us at 
our general body meeting @ the Interna-
tional Center Lounge in making Dtnllh 
H.art B.sk.ts .nd I.a,n .11 about 
V_I.ntln.'s Dayl 

Tuesday. February 14 
• 2:30-4 p.m. J.panese LangUIlgt Tabl • • 
Meet new people. practice your Japanese. 
PC Berkeley Room. Sponsored by JAAMS 
(Japanese Amer ican Society) (weekly) 
• 5-6 p.m. UCSD Singr. Par.nte Support 
Group meeting . The group is an invalu.bI. 
resource 10 single parents at UCSD. Partici· 
pants share the ir expariences and conse-
quently receive a wealth of reassur.nce and 
support. They help one another Improv. 
parenting skills and to Increase thei, aca-
demic efficiency and productillity. Location: 
UCSD Early Childhood Center, Multi·Purpose 
room. Call 546-8148 for information. (WHlr/y) 
• 6:30 p.m. L.arn to sPNk In Iront 01 
groups. Pacific Beach Toastmast.rs meets 
at the Sahta Clara Rae Canter, 1008 Sant. 
Clara Place. Guests welcome fr". For more 
Information, call Unda at 491-0825. (weakly) 
• 6:00p.m.-7:30p.m.- Muellm Student Ana-
clition G_rIIl mNllng. Second noor 01 
Price Center . Anyone Interested In Islam, 
Muslim, or non·Musl im, all are welcome. 
(weakly) 
"2-2p.m . • V'IIatlrlan Lunch Fllat spen-
IOrl(l bY the Vedic CuHural Society, (the Hare 
Krishha.) . Enjoy an all you can eat gourmet 
vegetarian feast as well IS videos showing 
the Vedic cuHura and philosophy 01 India. $2 
suggested cionetion. Rivars!dtt·Davis Room 
In the Price Center. (WHkIJil 

Wed/lflsday, February 15 
- 3 p.m. Student Environmental ActIon 
Coalition Campus Outreach/Biodiversity 
","ting. Everyone Is Weicomel ill our cam-
PUI. our community. our st.te, our planet. 
Questions? Call 534-71109. M"ting .boYe 
Soft R ... rv .. in Roon. 208. (weak/Jil 
- 7 p.m. L.aat Indicator (AIt.rnatIve Medl. 
Publication) M"ting. Looking lor wrherl, 
photogr.phers, layout arlilll, whatever you 
with to contribut • . Be • pert 01 Alter".tive 
Media. (WH/rly) 
• 7 p.m. Food Co-opOparational meetings 
In the Studant OrgIIIizations Room above the 
Food Co-op and Blk. Shop. (WHkIy) 
, 7 p.m . • Come to the LltSo Club IMIIIng 
In Petarson 104. W.'II be discuSling upcom-
ing ",.nll. Set you therel (weakly) 
• 5 p.m . • Warren Col. Studtnt Council 
• Join the WCSC Progrernming Botrd. Get 
Involved Ind help pl.n Ivents at Warren. 
Anyone il welcome to jotn. M"ting' are at 
SAC. (Student Activititl Center) . (-kIy). 
• 4 p.m . • The Ch6 CII6 Ie curr.ntIy txptrI-
enclng dllllcuhlel. W. ntad your help. 
PiNse come find out how you can help UI, 
your .. lI, .nd UCSD. For mora Info call 534-
2311 . (weakly) 

T/NJrsday, Fabruaty 16 
• 3 p.m. Student EnYlronmental Action 
Coalition Campus Recycling CommillM. Ev-
eryo'" il WeIcomtllli our campul. our c0m-
munity, our stat,. our planet. QuaItIona? Call 
534-7909. Meeting .boY. Soft Re .. "", In 
Room 208. (WHlrIy) 
, 4:30 p.m. - WlIdtrnHa Club: Join naturw 
Inthuli .... lor hiking, biking, bllCicpecking. 
roell climbing • mor.1 Meet above KSOT It 
the picnic tabl" 0' call 280-6814 for weekly 
Info. (WHlr/y) 
• 5p.m .• Join the Campelgn to Eredlcete 
Hunger' HomtI._. Meet @ 5pm In 
Old Student Center Rm. 202. (WHlr/y) 
• 1 :oop.m. - 2:00p.m. ·ACA- Adult Children 
01 AIcohoHc. t 2 "'" group for those who 
hlv. lIMn .lftc1ed by perentlf .lcoholl8m. 
Fret and IV.rybody il Welcome. Women's 
R .. ource C.nter (M.n w.'com. too .) 
(_kly) 

Friday, February 17 
• 10:00 a.m. - Thurgood Marlllall Coli • 
Commut.r BOlrd ...... ng. All Marshall 
Commuter .are weIcomI. (WHlr/y) 
• 12 p.m. Come to tINt FSSI luncheon 10 
rnNI Or. Truant who 1HChe. Humanititl4. 
W.'re at the International Center from 12-1 
and lunch il all-you·can-.. t lor $2.50. 
(weakly) 
- 12-1 - EnJoy having lunch wI pro'-re 
from varioul depertmlnts In I r.'axad .1mO-
apIlIre. Thli II • grll' way to get to know 
you, profeltOrs .nd for them to know you. . 
You don't hev. to talk about academicl .1· 
ther. You can brrng your lunch or buy ~ for 
only $2.50. Check n out It the International 
Center. bttwNn the retail store and Oceanic 
Pavilion. (weakly) 
• t 2·1 :30 p,m. P.n-AII.n Community Fo-

The UCSD Guardian 

'!he 
Weekly 
Calendar 

c:: 
.!!! 
-e 
til 
::I 
t!J 
...... 

til 
:0 
.0 
.3 
0 
'1: 
'e 
8 
1;' 

D .\ c: 0 
nft :;::; 

~ 
.., 
Vl 
~ 

rum May bring lunch. leader : Jeann. 
~'" 534-3035. Mountain VIew Lounge. 
(WHlrIy) . 
• 2-4 p.m. Alcohol and Subatance AbuN 
Group: I.d by Dan Munoz. 534-3755. 
(WHlrIy) 
• 12·1p.m. - Come mNI Dr. L.ltVlne, who 
tIIach .. Gent1ica this quarter at the FSSI 
luchIOn at thllnternetional Center. 

~y, February 18 
, 4-6 p.m. Campul Black Forum Lad by 
Phil RaphHl and Fred Vanhoolt. Mountain 
VIew Lounge. (WHIr1y) 
• 10 a.m.-3 p.rn. - ... ~ •• dln.-.nd 
hive fun: Join the Asian Youth Outrllch 
Projtctt Tt .... will be an Arts .. Crafts work-
shop held lor kIdIlrom IlUfrounding S.D. com-
munities. Meet at to ' .m . • t thelntlrnation,l 
Center. SH you therel 

GIlrJ{cc//{Sf}/{J)]Ct,$ 
OngoIng 

, II you'regradultlng ttli. quarter and Job-
-"Ing we'll match you with I professional 
In your field of IntlreIt who will get you started 
networking in the local job market. Sign up 
with the reltrtnCI room dask. 
• 8:00-4:00 • BlGI + - Computer-blled pr0-gram oI __ 1nIonNIIIon dlllgnad 10 help 
you clarify your skllIl VIIUII and interestl. 
FOf mer! information , come 10 Car.., SIr· 
vletl Center. Admilsion $10.00. 
, t :30-4:00p.m. - DROP .. N ADVISING - FOf 
help with car_r goaIl. job hunting, rlJUme 
preparetlon .nd rtllled iaauel. No eppoint-
ment needed. lust walk In. 
, ProlMllonellOredulta School AdYIIIng 
- Deily eppointment available lor 1_ re-
lalad to ~mssionaVgreduall IChooI admis· 
sion. CaN 534-411311. . 
• IIIntor - If you're graduating thiI quartar 
and job-_klng WI'M match you with a pro. 

IMaionaIln your field 01 Inter .. who wi" gel 
you IIartad networking in the local job mar· 
keto SIgn up with If:It r.rtnCII room 1IIIk. 

Monday, February 13 
, INTERVIEWING SKILlS WORKSWOP -
INrn tachniquH required to be succenIuI 
In the Interview prOClll . 

· WadNtday, F.txuMy 15 
• 2p.m. - JOe SEARCH 10t - 110% 01 III job 
vacancies .r. unadvertiled. Thli worklllop 
will INCh you the motII tIftc1ivt way to find 
them. 
• 12p.m. - IItdIctIShool: What applicants 
for t l1li6 Admlnionl need to know· Itdmil-
sian procedur ... application strategies, end 
school selection. 

Thursday, February 16 
• 2p.m. - MARKETABLE RESUME - Learn 
how to make a POlitive first impression with 
your (esume. 

Friday, February 17 
• t p.m. - On-:eamer. - Interviewing Skllla 
lor Employment · Using video, Improve your 
technique through practice and valuable lead-
back. Pre-requiIHa: Interviewing Skill Work-
shop. Sign up a! Career Services Reference 
Room. 

cfJufrsjlJf<J) cf\c0l{fiJ1TlOJ{ 
Ongoing 

• RIMAe - tours available 10 a.m.-6 p.m. 
on the hour. Free aerobics classes, racquet· 
bell. squash, volleyball, besketball courts. 
• Feb. 17-20 UC San Diego Women' . W. 
t.r Polo Invlt.tlonal Tou,n.m.nt @ 
Canyonview Pool 

TlJflsday, February 14 
• 7:30 p.m. C.r-Anlmage has FREE Japa· 
nese Animation shows (subtitlad in English) 
in Solis Hall 107. (Wlflkly) 

Wednesday, February 15 
• 7 p.m. Adv.nIU," In Wlndow-Ucklng; 
Undermining the r~uals . Pe/formanee and 

book pr.sentation by UCSD's Experimental 
Writing Class. Free admission to all. The per-
formance will be held in the Visual Arts Per-
formance S~e '306. (_kIJil 

Friday, F8bruary 17 
- 2:00 p.m. -WO"*I's Tennle VI. Claremont 
Colleg. @ Northview Tannis Courts. 

Saturday, February 18 
• 12:00p.m. · Softbllllv • • Cal S .... Sen Ber-
nardino @ Trnon Softball Field. 
Sunday. February 19 
• 10 a.m. The Archery Club at UCSD meets 
behind Thornton Hospital. Call Tania at 558-
0823 for qu.stions. (wHklyj 

rJ{UlGIOV S $e1\f)[CC$ 
Ongoing 

• Chi"." Evangelical Church i nv~es you 
to our Friday college fellowship meeting at 
7:30 p.m. and our Sunday worship service al 
9: 15 a. m. Please join us! For more informa· 
tion, pI_ call Pablo 587-7937. Transpor-
tation provided. 
• InttrY.rllly Chrllll.n F.llow.hlp an in-
terdenominational, student led, Christ ian 
group. Small group bible studies meet on 
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday at every col -
lege with an all campus gather IVery Thurs· 
dey at 7:00 p.m. for worship, speaker. and 
fellowship . For information call Jeff at 521-
1298. 
- Want to get involved with a Christian group 
that has a sincere heart for God? Come and 
check out C.mpus Crulldt for Chrlet' For 
more infOfmation call Man at 581-1653. 
• Catholic Community: At the University 
Lutheran Church, masses on Sunday at 8: 15 
a.m., 5, 7 and 9 p.m.; Tuesday at 5 p.m.; 
Wednesday at 9:30 p.m.: and Thursday at 5 
p.m. Thursday Supper at 6 p.m., $2, All Wei-
comel 

Tuesday, February 14 
• 12 p.m. Bible etully, student center. North 
Conference Room. (WHkIy) 
n 6p.m . • Rabbi JeH's cI ... continues ev-
ery Tuel. on Interesting & educational top-
Ics. Call Chai Point al 534~244 for location 
.. topic. (wHkIy) 

WedllflSday, February 15 
• 7 p.m. Apoetollc Fellowlhlp will be hav-
ing Bible Study on the New Testament in Solil 
110. Come and join usl (weakly) 

Friday, February 10 
.. 12:00-1:00p.m . ...... lIm Friday Pr.y.r. 
We will ~t for the Friday congrll9'tional 
prey.r in one of the rooms on the second ncor 
01 the Price Center. (HakM 
Saturdey. February 18 
- 6:30·7:30 p. m. CrNIIVI Woralllp Strvtct. 
About, by and tor college studenta arid ~ung 
Itduita. Qood SImaritan Epiecopal church, 
corner of Eastgate MaM & Ge_, 2 blocks 
north of UTC. Cell 458-1501 for Information 
Of rides. (WHlrM " . 

Sunday, February 19 
• 1 0: I 5 a.m. Celebration Servlc:t Contem-
porary worlhip .. rviet wHh over 300 college 
studenll in anandance: band, drama and 
moat Imporltntly ... relevant sermon topics I 
4747 Col. Avenue. San Diego. Need a 
ride? 558-0632. (HakIJil 

Serf\fJICCSIWOrf\J\1fIOcJ>S 
Ongoing 

• Womenl P .. r CounNlora (tr.lned by 
Psych. Servicel) Need a confidential friendly 
III to listen? Wllk-In houri Of call for eppoint· 
ment. Womenl ·Resource Center. 

Monday, F~ruary f3 
• 12:30·2 p.m. Men, Work and RtlatIonlhlp 
Group: Lad by J.anne M.nese, 534-3035. 
and Frad Vanhoo". Cell for sign-up. Moun-
tain View Lounge. (_kly) 
• 3-4:30p.m . • GRADUATE "EN'S AND 
WO .. EN·S GROUP: Lad I)y Equilla Luke, 
534-3755. and Howard Rubin. Call for sign-
up. (weaklJil 
• 4-5:30 p.m. LatIIIaf\llll .. xuaI Womene 
Support Group: lad by Nicklt Goldin, 534· 
3456. Can lor information. R.v.11e College 
Provost Bldg. (-'dy) 
• 4·5:30 p.m. - Women Moltltad .a Chil-
dren: lad by Beverly McCrHry, 534-3585, 
and EI"~ GrNnfitId. HSS 2025. Call for sign· 
up.(WHlrIJil 
• 1 :30·2:30 p.m. - HIVing lOme probl.m. 
with your HII lmagl, conc.rnad about 
your .... ng petterns or Jult rINd lOme-
_ to III~ to? HSS 2250 - Confidential pear 
counselors. (~ 

TUHdIy, February 14 
• 9-1 t a.m. - Do you have concernl .bout 

CALENDAR 7 

AIcohoI'nd ....... AlluM I_? 
Come telk with Ken. I trllned pe.- coun-
lelor. In a comlortable lenlng In the 
RooMvtlt ProvoII 0IIIct (1OUth 01 the F'rice' 
Center) (......wy) 
• 12 p.m. AIcohoIIca Anonymoua open 
meeting. Muir Biology Building Room 1208. 
Newcqmerl weIcomel (WHIr~ 
• 1·2 p.m. - Tha peer counselors from REO 
(Recovering lrom EtlIng Dleord .... ) are 
now holding drop-In hours. II you heve con-
cernl about you,self or a friend. or slmply 
would like to ask questions. please stop by. 
Strictly confidential. Held In Women's Stud-
les Room 2025 HSS. 12·1 p.m. - 'HSS225O 
· Confidential peer counselors. (week/Jil 
- 3-4:3Op.m .• ADULT CHILDREN OF AL-
COHOLICS PSYCHO-EDUCATIONAL 
SUPPDRT GROUP: l ed by AleK Shafer. 
534·3035, and a peer counselor. Mountain 
View Lounge. (weekly) 
, 4·5:30 p.m. Wom.n mol'lttel II chil-
dren: Led by Beverly McCreary, 534·3585. 
Call for Sign-up. 1003 GH. (wflBklyj 

Wednflsda y, February 15 
, 9-11 am • Do you have conc.rn. about 
your or another peraon·. alcohol or aub-
IIInc. use? If 'you do, there is someone 
available for you to talk to. My name Is Scott 
and I am located at the Thurgood Marshall 
Dean's office. (weeklJil 
• 10:3Oam·12noon - MEN AND WOMEN 
MOLESTEOASCHILDREH: Led by Miriam 
losupovici, 534-3755, and Fred vanhoose. 
Call for sign·up. 1003 GH. (weeklJil 
• I -2:30p.m .• RECOVERING FORM EAT-
ING DISORDERS (RED): HSS 2025. Led 
by Gina and Mimi. Call for sign-up. (weekly) 
• 3-4:30 p.m. Grl., Group: Led by John 
Wu, 534 ·1 579. and Nancy Wahlig, 534· 
5793. Call for sign-up. R9velle Provost 
Bldg. (weeklJil 
• 4-6p.m. - WOMEN MOLESTED AS CHIL-
DREN: led by Miriam losupovici, 534·3755. 
and Alex Shafer. Call for sign up. 1003GH. 
(weekly) 
, 6:30-8 p.m. Gay and BlII.u.' M.nl 
Support Group led by Brian and Matt. 
Come join us in a confidential and support-
ive environmem. Student Center B South 
Conference Room. (weeklYl 

Thursday. February 16 
• 10-12 - Fac. to FacI: Alcohol & Sub· 
stance Abuse Peer Counselors. Come Talk 
about alcohol with Michael in Argo 108 (next 
to Piano RM). (weekly) 
• 11 :00-1 1:50am - Ftlllibl./Speed RNd-
Ing Mlnlcourle-Learn to manage and im· 
prove upon your reading efliciency. OASIS 
Study Management Center- York Hall . 
4010. Cost: Free. Advanced Registration 
Required 534· 7344. (weekly) 
• 1·2 p.m. L"blan., Gay •• 81 ... ual.1 
Have questions? Want someone to talk to? 
Need e supportive environment? Drop by 
Literature Build ing 3250 and talk to Matt. 
(weekly) 
- 6:30 p.m. Grlduat. Gay. 81".u.' 
Men. Support Group: A safe , confidential 
environment to meet other gay and bisexual 
men and discuss concerns about sexual· 
ity. Led by Matt in Student Center B, Lower 
Level Conference Room. (weekly) 
• 2:3O-4:3Op.m. - Aduh Children 01 Alco-
hollce Advanced Th.rllpy Group: Led by 
Jeanne Manese and Alex Shet.,. Mountain 
View Lounge. Carl for sign up. 534-3035. 
(wHklyj 
• 2-4p.m .. Drop by to dlscusa any .Ico-
hoi or drug relattel 1.luea with a p"r 
cou,,'or. Michele HSS 2056. (weeklJil 

Friday, F&brptuy f 7 
• 12-1:00 p.m. Aicoholici Anonymou. 
open meeting. Muir Biology Building Room 
1208. Newcomers welcome I (_kly) 
'12· 1:30 p.m. Pan-A"an Community Fo-
rum : May bring lunch. leader: Jaann~ 
Manese, 534·3035. Mountain 'View Lounge. 
(weekly) 
• 1-2p.m. - LESBIANS, GAYS, AND BI-
SEXUALS! Have questions? want some-
one to talk to? Need a supportive environ· 
ment? Drop by HSS'2056 to talk to Ann Lyn. 
(_kly) 
• 2-4 p.m. Alcohol and Subttance Abuse 
Group: Led by Dan Munoz, 53<4-3755 . 
(weekly) 
, 4-6 p.m. camp .. Blec~ Forum: Led by 
Phil Raphael and Fred Vanhooll. Moun· 
taln 'View Lounge. (weekly) 
, 2-3:30p.m. - Recov,rtng lrom Eating 
DI.OId". (RED) 1003 GH . Ellen 
Greermeld af\d peer counselor. Call lor sign 
up. 

OWerf\ 
- Th' WNkIy Calendar is always looking 
for Illustrations and photos from the UCSD 
population. If you are a photo aficionado 
or a drawing freak who captures the es· 
sence of the times. bring your work to the 
Guardian office, upstairs in Student Center 
A. You will be compensated for your con· 
tribution with the edmiration of your friends. 
(weekly) 
• Sp.m. - (F.b .. 14-15) - (Alvin Alley Amert-
Cln Dane. ThNlre) .Judith Jamlaon will 
ptrlOrln at the Spreckle Theatre, in down· 
town San Diego. 
·"p.m.· 11 • . m. (F.b. 15-111) - UCSD UN-
PLUGGED ,II night concert (FREE) Anti-
lee Hike demonstrations. Camp out on cam-
pus. 

Thurday, F&bruary 16 
• Sp.m. - Chancellor's AdviSOry Committee 
on the Statui of Women hosts a lectlM'8 
by Naomi Orw.k"(Dartmouth Unl".r-
Illy) . ·Wprk 01 Glory? '"" Ima .. Ind 
RNIIIy of Women In Selene." - p.terson 
Hall, Rm. 110.(Grad Student event) 

Friday, February ' 7 
'4-6p.m. - Chanc.llor's Advisory Committee 
on the Stitul of Women holls a workshop 
with Sharon "cCrllY'" (Iuthor 01 Nobel 
PrIze W_n In Selenc.) on how women 
have made and can make auccHlfuI car"" 
in the sclene" and .nglneerlng. Mldla Can· 
ter, Thurgood M.rshell College. Rm. 201. 
• 8p.m. - Ralph StanlllY .nd hi •• ~n 
Th. Clinch MountIln Boys will appear In 
the Mandeville I\ud~orlum .t UCSD. 



8 FEATURES The UCSD Guardian 

BULLS EYE TAVERN 
PORTE:R~S PUB 

I have finally reached the pinnacle of journalism, the loftiest of goals sought by all those who toil for this newspa-per: I got paid to drink beer. That's 
right, in its continuing quest to bring UCSD 
students the finest in hard-hitting, investiga-
tive reports, the power.;-that-be at the Guard-
ian have seen fit to send me to our campus' 
two pubs, Bulls Eye and Porter's, so that I 
may enlighten you as to the differences be-
tween the two establishments. 

This was not a responsibility that I took 
lightly. And if this quest for journalistic in-
tegrity forced me to quaff five or six pints al 
each location before I could pass judgement, 
Ihen that was the price I would have to pay. 
Sometimes we reporter.; must be prepared to 
make these kinds of sacrifices. 

With responsibility weighing heavily on 
my mind, my companion and I set out for the 
Bulls Eye Tavern, conveniently located at 
the heart of the Price Center. The Bulls Eye 
also serves as the local Round Table pizza 
outlet so thaI patrons can satiate their gnaw-
ing hunger while quenching their thir.;t. In 
addition to pizza, the establishment serves 
deli sandwiches - turkey, pastrami, meat-
ball and something claiming to be an egg-
plant sandwich. I can honestly say that I have 
never considered eggplant an essential part 
of the delicatessen experience. 

But the sandwiches are beside the point. 
The beer is the poi nt. Aside from some mass-
brewed, pedestrian (read: girlie-man) Ameri-
can beer.;, the Bulls Eye offer.; such delec-
table selections as Samuel Adams Boston 
Lager, Sierra Nevada Pale Ale, McNally's 

Ale and several other.;, giving them a total of the second-most important factor in pub se-
t8 on tap. Prices range from $2 to $2.50 for lection: restroom facilities. 
a pint, depending on the brew. Pitcher.; are in The Bulls Eyemen 's room (unfortunately, 
the $5 to $10 range, while bottled beer.; sell I lacked the resources to examine the female 
for $1.99. facilities) was standard UCSD fare: lots of 

Bulls Eye also serves wine, but since we gray and white tile, and very clean. The lack 
weren't writing for Fortune or Connoisseur, of puddles on the floor was very reassuring 
or some other wussy magazine, we didn ' t and the toilet itself seemed to be in fine 
care. working order. But the piece-de-resistance 

After collecting the libations, we mean- was the condom machine suspended next to 
dered to a table to take in the ambience: The the sink. 
establishment sported a pool table but no This was a condom machine for condom 
video games; a 70s- G connoisseurs. Two of the 

is~ jukebox; two En- UARDIAN slots offered "Arouse," that 
ghsh phone booths FE A"URES claimedtobe"thespecially 
that didn ' t work; seV- ~. shaped condom with Im-
eral TVs blaring the proved raised spirals that 
Channel 8 news; blowups of old Guardian offer.;lkI. Iotal S.timulation and gives Him. 
sports photos plastered on the walls; and a maximum sensitivity!" The next slot con-
ceiling done up to look like a giant dartboard, tained the "Protex Climax 4. " "All new for 
complete with big darts sticking out of it . bold adventurous lovers," the machine pro-

In short, it was exactly the kind of pub one claimed. "Protex Climax 4. Four exciting 
would expect to see attached to Anchorview color.; [Green, Red, Blue, Yellow J for visual 
or Top 0 ' the Quad: Not ugly, but just 'a bit excitement. Now with Swedish-style lubri-
sterile and institutional. cant! Each package contains one orgasmic 

In a search for atmosphere, we meandered color. " 
over to the pool table. The ambience rating Thegauntlet had been thrown, and Porter's 
tumbled when we found that it took two would have to struggle 10 measure up. Porter's 
quarters to play and piumllleted when we could have 100 different brews for a quarter 
determined that the joint had only one cue. each, David Copperfield performing nightly 
The ambience meter really hit rock bottom with Las Vegas showgirls and enough beer-
when I lost the game, but, to be fair, that nuts to float a battleship, but unless it had 
wasn ' t entirely the tavern's fault. Swedish-style lubricant on the premises, this 

After billiards, we headed out onlo the wasn't going to be much of a contest. 
outdoor patio, which features a breathtaking We walked into Porter's, located in the 
view ofthe library's dirt. While admiring this Old Student Center, but unfortunately, noth-
particular vista, the time came to check out q,.g in the place looked even vaguely Scandi-

navian. Disappointed, we asked the barkeep 
See BEER, Page 9 

BY HARRY TASKER . ',: ,- . . . 

NUMBER 0,. BEERS ON TAP' 

P .. ICE RANGE 0,. BEE,,/PINT 

BEST MUNCHIES 

HOURS OPEN 

18 
. 

$2 .04 - $2 .55 
PIZZA SLICE/$ .99 
G ..... LIC TWISTS/$I . 70 
M -F 10:30 - 8 :00 
SAT 11:0-0 - 8 :00 
SUN II :00 - 9:00 

CHIPS & S"'LsAl$I.25 
POTATO SKINS/$3.00 
M-F II :30 - 12 :00 A.M. 

'TAVERN ... LSO HAS 2 BEERS I N BOTTLE. 

Monday, February 13, 1995 

IN . 
WORDS 

.. Atmoepll .... wl., I think 
Porter'. I •• lot better, • 
lot more cool. H' •• 1Itt1. 
Inace .... bl. thou,.., kin"" 
do .... In. And once YOll' ... 
In th .... , no on.' •• 01.., to 
... you If th.y w.,k by. 
TIud'. what I like .bout 
[Bull. Eye), people w.,k by 
tow.rd the library .nd you 
can y.,1 at th.m to com. 
down. H' •• lot more 
socI.I." 

- Kaylln Loggerqu!st 
Fourth-year Senior 

"Th. main dlff.rence would 
be the croWd. Th. crowd 
h.re at Porter'. v.rI ••• 
little bit. You .et the ....... 
at • ., the und ..... uat ••••. 
and the .... dom .. Down 
th .... [at Bull. Ey.) H'. 
.... y. the ...... thl..,-

ru~1II fucld.., 
fraternity , .... " 

- Kevin MclntyN 
Seventh-year Senior 

"I Uk. the pub [Porter'.) 
becau .. H ..... wider 
.. 1ectIon of beer. But I'm 
...... [at Bull'. Ey.) tonl&ht 
becau .. I wanted SOllIe 
.. rile ........ " 

- BrI.ette Manclarozzo 
Fourth-year Senior 

"I think that the Student 
e.nter pub I. InflnH.1y 
better t ..... thl. on. [Bull. 
Ey.). The Ml'Vlce h.r. I. 
terrlbl., .nd th.y're Just 
comp,.t.,y uno .... nlzed. 
[Porter's] h •• specl., deal. 
.very day on beer, .nd 
th.y'v. ,ot • v.rlety of 
food, Includln. ,ood .. .. 
lid .. H .... , th.'r .. , ..... r. 
Ilk. wlHed I.ttuc., .... H 
produced. It'. pretty .." ... 
As f.r •• atmo ...... r., I 
don't think .'ther on. of 
th.m [ .... ] .... at atm~ 
.......... " 

- Joe Connerey 
Fourth-year Senior 

"!At Bull. Eye] you .ot your 
drlnldn, ,uy. drlnldn. 
down pitch.,. of beer, 
thlnldn, th.y'r. hot ... H .... 
H.r. [at Port.r's] H' •• 
mo ... ca .... , sc.n .... 

- Rachel Gomez 
Fourth-year Junior 

- Compiled by Staff Writer 
Sale F1tz&erald 

Monday, Pebruary 13,1995 The UCSD Guardian FEATURES 9 

BEER: Strauss' 
Amber Lager is the 
nectar of the gods 
Continued from paCe • 

what was on tap and immediately 
perked up when he announced that 
the pub indeed had Karl Strauss' 
Amber ~&er. 

Strauss' is the golden nectar of 
the gods without which life on this 
planet could not survive. So with 
memories of orgasmic colors 
quickly fading, we sat down and 
started in on the flagons. (Editor's 
note: Bulls Eye has also startedserv-
ing this delectable brew.) 

My friend chose a particularly 
nasty concoction called the Solana 
Beach Brewery Special, which con-
tained, in its tiny little half-pint glass, 
more alcohol than three Liquor 
Barns combined. Apparently, you 
can achieve the same effect, at only 
half the price, by simply asking the 
Porter's bartenders to hit you over 
the head with their baseball bat. The 
half-pint of the Solana Beach cost 
$2.25, while my full pint of Strauss' 
cost the same. The pub had 19 
choices on tap, with prices in the 
$2.00 to $3.00 range. 

pened to buy one. Immediately after our potato 
skins were served, we ordered hot 
wings which arrived much quicker 

Other than the bathroom snafu, 

and went nicely with 
our second beers, a 
Bass Ale and a 
Newcastle Brown 
Ale. 

Of course, by 
now it was lime for 
the all-important 
restroom inspection. 
And what a shock it 
was to find that the 
bathrooms were off 
limits, located in a 
room adjoining the 
pub which some 
graduate students 
had decided to close 
offfortheirown use. 

Frankly, I was 
shocked, and not just 
because Porter's ac-
tually allows gradu-
ate students on its 
premises. As a result, 
bar patrons were 
forced to leave the 
building and conduct 
their business in the 
Student Center bath-
rooms. 

Porter's was an appreciably better 

Porter'. could 
hav.IOG 
dlff.r.nt br.w. 
for a quarter 
each, David 
Copperfl.ld 
performln. 
nightly with La. 
Vegas show-'rls 
and .nou..,. be .... 
nuts to float a 
battl .... lp, but 
unl ... lt had 

drinking experi-
ence. It had that 
warm, comfort-
able, cozy feel-
ing that you get 
when you pass 
out after a couple 
of Solana Beach 
Specials and re-
alize that you ' re 
in no danger of 
being crushed by 
falling giant 
darts. But again, 
this wholeambi-
ence thing is 
relative. 

Having sampled the brew, we 
decided to confront the menu, which 
fealured sandwiches with names 
such as the Holey Gobbler (turkey 
and swiss) and the Bigass Bronto 
(deluxe veggie), as well as potato 
skins and hot wi ngs. We ordered the 
skins and were told that they would 
be slow cooked. 

11m CIlen/GuMl1Ian 
Porter'. Student Pub bartender Chris Youna hard at work behind 
the Nr. 

The one I visited, 
adjacent to the Gen-
eral Store, was a bit 
larger than the one at 
Bulls Eye, but its 
condom machine 
was lacking. Sure, 
there were four ex-
citing color.;, but not 

Swedlsh-styl. 
lubricant on the 
pr.ml ... , this 
wasn't .oln. to 
be much ofa 

If you enjoy 
eggplant sand-
wiches and pay-
ing 50 cents to 
share a pool cue, 
then the Bulls 
Eye is the place 
for you. On the 
other hand, if 
you like a wide 
selection of put-
hair-on-your-
chest beer.;, de-
cent food and 
you don't mind a 
preponderance 
of graduate stu-
dents wandering 
about and seal-
ing off the bath-
rooms, Porter's 

phone booths. Porter's has an actual 
bar to sit at and maybe a dozen 
tables scattered around the floor. 
The walls are covered with standard 
beer advertisements as well as some 
artwork that was made either by 
preschool students or some unusu-

ally talented VA majors. 

While waiting for the employees 
to grow the potatoes, we addressed 
the pub's ambience. It was a wel-
come change from Bulls Eye's fake 

And instead of a dart board on 
the ceiling, there's one in the comer, 
although I have always been of the 
opinion that the last thing you want 
drunk people doing is launching 
sharply-tipped projectiles. 

cont •• t. 
an orgasmic one 
among them. I could tell that the 
only Swedish thing about them 
would be if a guy named Olaf hap-

is the place for 
you. 

- Futures EdItor FrMClsco 
DeV ........... blbuted • 

...... ov. to this report 

An Exciting Seiies 
Of Lectures, Readings 

And Performances 
Hosted By The 

UCSD Bookstore 
6:00 PM-7:00 PM 

UCSD Bookstore * Wednesday Night Live Guests 
David Brin, Ph.d.: Hugo and Nebula award winning author 
Will discuss "Can Useful Predictions Be Made of Future Trends 
and Events?" 

Scott Flansburg: The "Human Calculator" 
Will discuss his book Math Magic 

Dr. Quincy Troupe: UCSD Professor of Literature 
Will discuss poetry and his collection Weather Repons 

Dr. Olga Vasquez: UCSD Professor of Communications 
Will discuss her book Pushing Boundaries' Language and Culture 
in a Mcxicano Community 

Dennis Mazzocco: UCSD graduate student 
Will discuss his book Networks of Power: Coworale TV's 
:Illwt to Ocmocracy 

Carin Crawford: UCSD graduate student 
Will discuss "A History of Surf Culture in Southern California and Beyond" 

A Special Celebration of African-American History month 

Dr. Kary Mullis: Nobel prize winner in Chemistry 

Dr. Edward Golub: Will discuss his book The Limits of Medicine 

March 15 Greg Tilford: Author of EcoHerbalisL's Fieldbook: Wildcrafting 
in the Moyntain Wesl , presents "Eco Herbalism: Healing the Earth 
and Body As Onc-A Leclure On Medicinal Plants" 

REDUCE YOUR LOAN 
DEBTS BY UP TO $1,700 A 

YEAR!!! 
How? 
- b.y.~aying ~n'l~.$170/month in rent 
(ubbhes not Included). 
-living in thes~,~n'~\xly available 
apartments b~grnnin~:lj,.n Fall 1995. 
- 2 bedroollJ.j<Iour peop'I'~~, limited space 

• .. . ,::~v:· '-::~1~:::.. 
Am I Ehsll,le? ··":q~h. 
- Yes, ~~;Jyou will be a Jr. or Sr\t!n the 
1995.1;9'b academic year. "i(Z),,, 
- \:¢'S, if you are ebgible for finalt~qi,~l 

,.jta loans* in the 1995-96 academ\f{%.~1" 
.&) ye.·ar. ~'" '<:n~" 
w ~ • ~~ 

-lNo, if you are eligible for UCSII '~%, 
Glants or Work-Study. ~i 

~i .. YOU DO NOT HAVE TO QUALIFY FOR n: 
timED-BASED AID TO BE ELIGIBLE FOR LOANS! I ill ~pw do I apply? ~I · - ~tdake sure that you mail your tl 

fif ancial aid applications (FAFSt-) 
bl March 2 \1:) 
- i.l ubmit your interest form for ~ris 
ptpgram by May 2 at the A.S. tj 
offices, 3rd floor Price Ctr., 534-4'450. 

1.1 • d · .$ A='f;~~~:e~ft~flo~~i~Qt1J1~7ng 
Services, & Student Financia1 Services to 

help the students of UCSD. 



10 The UCSD Guardian 

• 
VA NTI 

• 

• SIonny Happy Valentine's Day. I --
AH-AH-like you a 101. love, Heidi. 

• GJte's De' La' I'll always love you the 
most! Pinks says Hi. Love, Slaw. 

• Anna, you get me all worked up ... with the 
thi~ you prinl. 

• I love you Bonnie - Oyde. 
• Nami - you are the HIPPEST of the hip 

and the KOOLEST of the kool! Together for-
ever. - "Special K". 

• Hey Brook Woods! So you're not a Hous-
ing Development? Stop by my office and lets see 
what develops. - ~n Saver. 

• Hey Suzanne, we've known each other too 
long. I truly believe that friends make the best 
lovers. Think about it! Have a great Valentine's. 
Jeremy. 

• Heidi, Roses are red, Violets are blue, My 
night was black, Until I met you. Is there any 
chance? Luke. 

• Rithya - Forget about me. I'm all wrong 
for you. UMA. (Ed. note: Rith Don't give up! 

She's just playing hard to get!) 
• Justin- Happy Valentine's Day! 

I Hella love you - 4evers! -
Karen. 

• J.-Happy Valentine's!!! 
I love you, Pookie. 

• Tommy, you are the best. I love you 
tons. Thank you for always being there. Happy 
Valentine's Day, honey! Corrie. 

• Handle Head Messiah, I feel like I have 
loved you for all of my life, and you make my life 
complete. I LOVE YOU! Mother. 

• The Niners are awesome. Signed, Barry 
Switzer. 

• Frosty-U's been 4 years playing "ignor-
ing neighbors" What the hell went wrong? I'm 
glad you took up smoking, it's easier to forget 
about you. - Betsy. 

wish for you as much fun and friendship as I have 
enjoyed. Love, Danielle. 

• Rhombus forever. I miss you guys (gals). 
Love you all- Vertex D. . 

• Squat. You are my sunshine, my only 
sunshine, you make me happy, when ... Chunky. 

• Flash Bulletin: God isn't real. Diane in Res. 
Life is fun. Raphael & Cecil, you will feel the 
wrath of my wann urine. Hey, wear some sluttier 
clothes. 

• Meredith -I'~e watched you from afar 
and can't stand it anymore. Please be mine -
we'll make news! love, D. Hallin. 

• Rebecca - I cannot wait much longer-
my passion must be satisfied! Meet me in the 
stairwell. Achingly, Pierre. P.S. Bringa Banesso. · 

• Kartoffel- Kopf: Oh Damn! Thanks for 
a great year. You're my favorite partner. Obvi-
ously! love, cheese- head. Yeah, you like tha~ 
huh? 

• Angie. Roses aren't always red, Violets 
aren't always blue, But I know I will ... Always 
love you. Hyung. 

• K. Palmer - You take my breath away! 
• To the men of blue and old gold ... you stole 

my heart away! In hoc - your sweetheart. 
• Tanya B. - with all these men after you, 

will I ever get the chance to rock your world? 
Drop them all and run away with me ... before 
sunrise! 

'10#2-Thanx for everything ... You'll always 
be in my heart! 

• FREAKS!!!! 
• Katie Wood, you are a 

goddess. Forget about all 
those EAE's. Don't ignore the other 
men on campus. We'll all lusting after you. 

• Karina -I watch your every move. I think 
that you are an extremely sexy girl. Please tell me 
that you'll be mine. I can't wait to see you again. 

A secret admirer. 
• Hey Geek! You know 

the rules. Follow them! Be 
my Valentine! Please! 

• Remember last year-
The fifteen hour marathon of 
constant, pure energy flow 
between us? This year, you 
do the work. My muscles are 
still sore from it 

• Dear Miss 
Bonita-Whenever 
I look at you I cum in 
my pants. You make 
me quiver. Stop dy-
ing your hair and lets 
get naked. 

To Kim who broke 
my heart, I will 
always hate you. 
And if you ask me 
back I'll come. 

• Cathy-The 
thing that I like the 
most about you is 

your 12 yr. old waif body, nude pantyhose and 
patent leather flats. I love the way you eat happy 
meals too. Next time we'll try hot dogs. 

• you know who. 
• Tomynewlove.1 hope 

you're as good as my dreams. 
• To the love of my life, Even though we are 

far apart, I feel that we are close at heart. I love 
you, Allison! Christian 

• I love you Pooki - Alfredo. 
• TomylittlesisAngie: I'm so proud of you .I 

• Love me momma - Your cuddles. 
~. Simone, do you copy read my heart? If 

so, I'm soooo busted! Love, your shrink . 

• Animal cookies. Rainbow sprinkle donuts. 
Honey. Toast. And hot, quivering, juicy, howl-
ingsex. Are you interested? Love, Monkey Girl. 

• To Hoover: I have class soon, so I have to 
make this shOrt Kevin's mine and that's final! 
Love, Froggy. 

• To M. Ring Dog, I'm still dirty from our 
first WET & WILD escapade. I need another 
sexy shower rub down. How 'bout Tues? 

• Tom- You don't know me yet, but soon 
you will in ways unimaginable. I think you your 
Mac-Daddy ways are HOT. Wave the 
wonderstick my way! - ?77 

• UMBLEDUMBLEDUM Happy DAy. 
your sweet babu. 

• Happy Valentine's Day to our new mem-
bers! Jenny, Cyndy, Kore, Anna, Erin, Mary, 
Valerie, Adrienne, Angie, Julie, A1leson, and 
Gabriela, We love you all! The Sisters of Alpha 
Omicron Pi. 

• E--- Thank you for being the light of my 
life. You are a wonderful inspiration to me and I 
am oh so giddy that we have found each other. 
And of course, thanks to GJpid! Please oh please 
be mine this Valentine - Cae 

• Dear Michael Foulkes. I'm going to miss 
your professionalism and sweet, smiling face. 
Get smutty & slutty in Amsderdam. Love & 
Kisses, Meredith from the bookstore. 

• Yumi in L.A. If you are wondering ... I still 
love you a lot. Thanx for everything - Him. 

• KangSue Yun, Happy Valentine's! Thanks 
for being so good to me. I hope I cando the same 
for you. Let's make this year a great one. Love, 
J.K. 

• Annie, Jonna, an\l Hillary-lcan'tdecide! 
• Paula Lee is one great illustration. 
• To my best BS. What can I say that you 

don't already know? Always remem-

even if you are 

ber that I love you. Thanks for 
always being there, 

mean to me. love, Your 
bestest B. 

• Tobacco Lucy- I was ready for you 
until you lit up. What's up with that? Not only do 
you look like a pathetic addict and smell like shit, 
don't you realize your spending money that fills 
the pockets of Phillip Morris assholes who laugh 
at you - until you die!! Try crack. 

• Siddhartha, I enjoy following you. Lead 
me to the correct doorway. - Gotama. 

• Happy Valentine's Day Sky. I can' t wait 
till it rains again. Hint. Hint- Water. 

• Will someone please be my Valentine. 
(sigh ... )-R 

• Gabrielle, I have one word for you: butt 
cheeks! - Hulk. 

• I'll give the clothes on my backjust to have 

Monday, February 13, 199~ 

'5 D 

a Valentine. -J. wait for more! XOXO, R. 
• To those who do not have a Valentine, I'U 1 

gladly be your Valentine. In fact, I' ll be 
everybody'S Valentine ... for a fee. - Campus 
Prostitute 

.1 like the McFeely brothers. - Doublemint 
Twins. 

• Hump on me! - the Hump. 
• My Love Oterry, I love you. Let's do it 

under the Sun God and work our way onto the 
Hump. - Maple Syrup. 

• Hang-4 years is not enough, 100 years is 
not enough. Maybe a 100,000,000 years might 
be enough to show you how much I love you. -
Hogan. 

• Happy Valentine's Day Elvis. - your 
Dead Fan. 

• Uma, I want to stalk you. Tell me where _ 
you are.-R. 

• I loved you Nicole. - O.J. 
• Ourfather isourValentine.-Carl & Kyle. 

• I wish I had a Valen-• Tara-We would send 
a tow truck for U anytime. 
Love, the Ad Bros. 

• Mipps-It'ssoSimple 
really. We've tried and failed 
too many times. I'm leaving. 
Happy Valentine's. T.M. 

• Brennathebabe-OK, 
OK I'll get used to the ring. 
The suspense is killing me! 
-Old guy. 

• Micha, you sure can 
put the pen and paper to-
gether. 

• Bunny, let's hop along 
to have a litter of fun in the 
bushes. - Rabbit. 

• Mon Cheri, je vous 
adorez! - Pierre. 

Delphine L. 
I dream at 
night only of 
you. My only 
wish is to be 
with you. We 
could have 
beautiful 
Children 
tog~ther. 
Forget about 
your fiance in 
London. I'll see 

tine. - Rithya. 
• Someonepleasebemy 

Valentine. - Loveless, 
UCSD. 

• I need sex - male, 
UCSD. 

• Rithya, I'm in love 
with you - admirer (Ed. 
note: Go for it!!) 

• KRE:Thanksforsend-
ing me a valentine last year. 
Thanks for everything. I 
hope you're doing well-
SWING 

.Totheonewhoobeys: 
Come to me - Master. 

• Be my Valentine Bob. 
-Annetle 

• I love my seIf.-Ioner, 
UCSD. 

• Dearest DM: Thanks 
forthis wonderful year. Love 
always, Pia. 

• Esther and Lourdes, 
Happy Valentine's Day. Pia. 

you in my 
fantasies. 

• llove you __ - your 
lover. 

• Rithya, I hate you -
one who hates. • Frosty - I enjoy just 

watching you walk around. Wbereare you lately? 
• Michael - Well, love, it's been a whole 

year! Welcome to your new family and that 
bigger love I promised you. Me and you know 
who loves y~u! Love till Heaven and then some, 
Leah. 

• To all the girls who've rejected me, Happy 
Valentine's Day. - Mr. Rejected. 

• I want more GAN! Bring 
them legs to my 

house anytime! Happy V's sleepy head. 
• To the gorgeous brunette in my economic 

classes. Love me. - the Timid one. 
• Suzzanne in the Economic Department is a 

babe! - from all the male Economic Students. 
• Buddha rocks my world! - RST . 
• Yasamin, I miss harassing you at work with 

my calls. Happy Valentine's Day. - Smile. 
• Happy Valentine's Day Cristina's toes. -

Me. 
• Doug - Left N., Cooter, House in Park, 

Late nights, sharing stories ... I've had fun. Can't 

• Dearest Yi-Hong, I don 't know how you 
feel about me anymore, but my feelings for you 
will never change. I will always love you. My 
heart lives and dies for you.- Phungphung. 

• To the otner 3 illustrious women of PC 
1121. Happy Valentine's Day. God & f love you. 
The illustrious sister, cslam. 

• Dejoy, I love love you so much! lcan'twait 
for you to come home. Love always, Tanny. 

• Kristen, Anna, & Cecilia- Hey you 
freakwads! Happy Valentine's Day! Kristen & 
Ce - may men fall all over themselves for you 

today! Anna- You've already got 
your man, you lucky 

Chiquita, you! Love, Freakwad extraodinaire. 
• Victor 1. f love you MOST! - Shorty. 
• To the tall, tan guy in chem 6B 8:00. You 

are exotic, have black hair, distinct cheekbones, 
and wear blacksandals with white socks. Hope-
fully I'll meet you JOmeday at 8:50 or chem 6C. 

• Oh, Wendy, my love, Let's run ... run ... & 

run ... - 5K is no problem!! 
• Oh, Ivan, I love you!! You know who! 
• To: BWE & POOH "Happy Valentine's 

Day! I love you!" From: SW & TIGGER. 
• Miss Otester Molester: You are my one 

and only, my precious love. You will always be 
mine. So much love, Bubba 

• JB,say you'll be my Valentine and I will be 
your concubine! KH 

• Jacy, let's ride off into the sunset together. 
Thank goodness I ride-motorcycles better than I 
sing! I love you, Happy Valentine's Day. -
Cristina. 

• To "PH from "G", won' t cha B my Valen-
tine. I love you, Jerry. 

• Kimmie R. (Norm) I love you! Love, Nikki 
P. 

• Jason Jones, I really think you're cute! 
Love, your secret admirer. 

• Diana, this day is not the only thing that is 
completely yours! Mondo. 

• Schmoe: I'd rather have a dozen roses over 
a shirt any time! Just kidding. And you know,l 
really don't like the Chart House. Happy 
Valentine's Day! Love, Melba. 

.Tothegorgeous blonde who sits in therront 
of my class - You're a babe. - the math 
professor. 

• Jo, I am so glad that we finally had a chance 
to go out together & find something more mean-
ingful then just a friendship. I hope we will 
continue together for a long time to come even 
though the honeymoon is over. Love, bad mother 
fucker. 

• Aaron G. I think you are just too good 
looking. I love your granola outlook on live. I 
think you have the most awesome body. I hope 
one day you, me, & a bottle of cooking oil have 
a future. But that's later. AlII want for Valentine's 
Day is for you to rake your long blond hair all 
over my naked body. Love, Bio 132 T.A. 

• Slef M- Congratulations you're a stud! 
You'll do a great job. Happy Valentine's Day to 
you & Brian! Love, S & M 

.ToDaphneyTse,lloveolderwomen. They 
really know how to make a man feel good. All the 
things you taught me in the bedroom, I thank you 
for. I didn't know such pleasures existed. You 
make love better than any other women, girl, or 
animal I know. Thank you again for all those 
nights of sexual exotica. Signed, the young stud. 

• Happy Valentine's Day to the members of 
Alpha Phi Alpha, Alpha Kappa Alpha, Delta 
Sigma Theta, Omega Psi Phi, and Iota Phi Theta. 
From the ladies of Sigma Gamma Rho Sorority, 
Inc. 

• Archie, no matter what we go through, I'll 
always be there. I love you. Love, Amele (Boo) 

• V- You know what I want to say, but 
can't. Happy Valentine's Day. Your Biker. 

• To: Men's M last spot, First Place. first 
place? Ha! You have to be joking, more like all 
3'sandnoD. timeforthe lOOmark,even without 
me. I'm sorry to those playing on Thursays. IR. 

• Shea and Megan - You two are the most 
beautiful Tri Delts we have ever seen. Meet ys at 
9:30on Valentine'sDay at Blacks. Love forever, 
P & 0 respectively. 

• Deave Shakleford - You are the hottest 
thing that has ever crossed my path. Call me-976 
BABE. . 

• To the girls in K--4 and guys in R-3\ feel 
so lucky to have you as friends. You brighten 
everyday. With love always, Becky. 

• GleM- Only You, secretly admired. 
• Love for Kier. Wish I could be here. Yours, 

JHS 
• Sarah, hey baby the wet noodle.~ aTe all 

cooked uuup come on our love your man! 
• A night in paradise, you promised me. So 

where is it? I won the be~ so now you gotta 
pay. Give me what I deserve ... a night in 
paradise. 

• To Steve, I love you, Honey. 
Thanks for always being there for me. 
On this Valentine's I would like to 
say, "You're the best!" Love, Joanne 

• To KSN: Happy Valentine's 
Day, Sweet! It's been the best year! 

All my love, SRJ. 
• Hey Deb! Thanks forcoming.llovc you lots! 
• To: J.T. Dennison. My mind whipers your 

name to the wind, hoping it will open your heart 
& bear your love to me. But in vain I hope. For 
I will never have the courage to make you see thac 
these shy blushes are for you. And thus, my timid 

soul will ache i n it's lonel i ness and I iSlen for your 
name on the wind. Your secret admirer. 

• #2 Mayall your Valentine wishes come 
true. Love your man of many flowers. 

• To V and 0 and K and Mowgli. - Happy 
Valentine's Day! From, G. 

• Marcia- You're the greatest Valentine I 
could ever hope to find. Hope your day is won-
derful. I love you more than anything, Robb. 

Reggie- Will you be mine!? You goddess 
of sexual desire!! Love, Bubba. 

• Rithya - You are the only one for me. 
Your love keeps me feeling filthy. I hope I 
always get shitty when I am with you - Your 
honey bun. 

• T.G. uppers J4 you really are the Jungle 
crew. Have a wild animalistic V~ay. Love, the 
zoo keeper. 

• Chantal,jij bent heel mooi. Benjij trotsop 
mij, of niets? Ik ben nog steeds proberen 
Nederlands praten. Ben, vier, drie! Aapje. 

• J, Roses are red Violets are blue Can I go 
to bed with you? C. 

• Terri, realistic Valentine's Day wishes, 
this year and all the rest 

mier amour. Padel infiniti mon cher et merd 
pourtoutes les belles memoires. Ta femme fatale 
pour toujours, Minnie. 

• Michael Scott Riley - Hey Babe, just 
thoughtI'd embarrass you! Oh yeah, and let you 
know that I love you more than (or as much as) 
life itselfll thought Valentine's Day was a good 
day to do that! All my love, Amy. 

• Happy Valentine's Day to all you gals. 
That means you: Jill, Lisa, Pathi, Helen, Lily, 
Akiko, Nelwyn, Angela, and Chiao You're all 
sweet hears. 

• Rith, Happy V- Day! Hope you get Ba-
zooka gum for Valentine's. Dont ' get too 
lovestruck on Tuesday, you might crash the 
Guardian cart .. - C. 

• Annette-- Will you be my beach blanket 
valentine?? Frankie 

• Kristen & Crystalpher Robbins, hopes. 
dreams and exploration. Truth, trust and under-
standing. Here anytime for anything. Happy 
Valentines! K. the Pooh. 

• Catalina-You are my best friend! ! Love, 
Nelson. 

• MAG, Como te 
to come. Signed: your 
cosmic valentine, 
Ruthann. 

• Emily, Happy 
Valentine's Day, and 
Happy 11/2anniversary 
to us! Love always, J.D. 

• Dearest Robert H. 
I want you to know that 
you mean more to me 
than my own life. I will 
always be in love with 
you, always. Love you 
squared, Claire H. 

• Staci- You are 
the best roommate in the 
world. Happy Vee day! 
Me. 

adoro! Con amor, tu 
honey, 

• Little Goose I 
love you very much. 
Love, Bunny. 

• R will always 
love you Chris A. 
Ayesha. 

• To my lovely 
Roomies, E, 1., & c. 
Happy Valentine's 
Day! E, what are we 
gonna do?! He-He 
Ioveya, CG. 

• To the best Val-
entineever, MC. Mike 
-I love you honey! 

Erin, as my 
thoughts turn to 
you, my loins begin 
to burn in 
passionate flames. 
Deep animal 
Instlcts draw our 
bodies together. We 

aret~elove.Take 
my soul tonight, 
and we shall be 
one.· Mark. • Hey Robert 

Yun, I'U rearrange the 
letters of the alphabet 

and put 'U' and 'I' together! - Julie in Chem. 
• Oh Tony Tse, how I wish to feel your hot 

manlihood again. Till then, love you - Gayle 
McQ. 

• Sarah you gave 
me your heart, you've 
got mine, but hey that's not all hun! Love, Jesse. 

• To everyone that lives on Sugarman Drive: 
Happy Valentine's Day! Even if we all get 
kicked out - Love conquers all. 

• Happy V-Day Rodney, Fidelito,Jasmin, 
Conrad and Este. We may bedateJess but at least 
not "desperate but not serious" - V 

• Happy Valentine's Day, Pigle\te, Tigger, 
Twee\y, Eileen and Jen! From Winnie. 

• Hey Conrad, forget that man with no 
personality. You're booty-ful and will have no 
problems getting number 9. 

• Marika P. - You are my only sunshine 
and a burning sex machine! I hope don't call too 
often! Love and Kisses, Simon. 

• Giovanni, you are my love as well as my 
best friend. Happy Valentine's Day. Tanti Bad, 
Daniela. 

• John - I have no Valentine, so I'm 
endorsing the love you share with Daniela. Love, 
Scott. 

• Happy Valentine's Day Joan and Vicky! 
Thanks for letting a lonely transfer hang out with 
you! Have a great day with your significant 
others! Tania 

• Happy Valentine's day Marleen! Con-
gratulations on being with Ollie past the6 months 
mark! Cristina 

• Polly Pacer -I want you, f need you, I love 
you. Darth Gremlin. 

• To Ernie with love. From, Maryann 
in Red Wing!!! 

• Doodles - Meet me at 
the Grove Cafeforcoffee & 
a Valentine!! Drake!! 

• Romeo, Tu es la 
seule personne que 
je pouvais esperer 
pour ~tre mon pre-

• Van ' Freckles' Luu-Stick with me baby, 
and I'll Rock Your World! Foreverloving, Prince 
Charming. 

• Paige- Happy Valentine's Day & Happy 
Birthday! Thanks for being the best girlfriend a 
diver could ever have. 

• Mailyn. I hope you know that I truely love 
you. You know who!!! 

• You 've gOllhree-not two-smile lines. 
Whoa. I'm awestruck. 

• Hey Joanna, Lisa, Allison, Ruchi, Kim, 
Mary, Katie, and Heather! Happy Valentine's 
Day! Erik, will you be my Valentine? Love, Liz. 

• Chewbaka & Pigpen, looking forward to 
May ... Love, Sumo 

• Patrice & Nicole P.llove you! Kimmie R. 
• Fuck Valentine's Day. 
• Jewel. (No, Ididn'tforget!) Happy V-Day, 

I love you. And don't worry, everything's gonna 
be all right 

• Morgan, I miss your tender 
loving care when you would get me in those 
delectable headlocks ..... A1ex 

• Ari, you can eat my blackened bananas 
anytime. Don't leave them in the freezer too 
much longer, big boy! 

• You got rocked! Err-En-Err-Err-Err. 



12 The UCSD Guardian Monda~, Februa2: 13,1995 

<: 
z 

--5 
.>< 

'" 0 
.<: 

~ 
." 

C 
.Q 
" u 
'" r>-~ 

r--------------------------------~------l g I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

I 
I 

HOW TO GET YOUR JOLLIES I I 
I 

AT COLLEGE 24 HOURS A DAY. I I 
I 
I 
I 

* 
Open a tab at a diner. I 

I Belgian waffles and cheese fries with gravy I 
I 

are delicious, regardless of the hour. I 
I 
I 
I 

* 
Visit a local court of law. I 

I Plenty of seating, unique conversation and I 
I drama that improves the later it gets. I 
I 
I 
I 

* 
Be the gym night janitor. I 

I Work out at your leisure and never wait I 
I in line for lat pulldowns or the erg. I 
I 
I 
I 

* 
Get a Citibank Classic card. I 

I For your peace of mind, operators are on t 
I call 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
t 
I 
I 

See the whole spectrum of love in the Guardian 
Valentine Personals, pages 1 0 & 11 

Monday, February 13,1995 

Tritons 
Spiked By 
L.B., USC 
WINLESS: UCSD stilI 

unabl~ to pick up first 
win of tough season 
By Jeremy Malamed 
Staff Writer 

The rigors of being the only non-
scholarship team in the toughest 
volleyball conference in the nation 

are starting to take 
their toll on the 
UCSD men's vol-
leyball team. 

PUlling in 
hard-fought ef-
forts every week 
against top-notch 
opponents, the 
Tritons have only 
one victory in 
their three seasons 

of competing in Division I play. 
One week after taking on the 

number-two team in the nation, 
Stanford, UCSD had no time to rest. 
Conference powers Long Beach 
State and USC came to town and 
handed the Tritons (0-7,0-6 in con-
ference) their sixth and seventh 
losses of the season. 

Friday night 's match featured the 
Long Beach Slate 4gers (4-1, 3-1) 
at RIMAe. The Tritons received a 
big lift with the return of junior 
blocker Mati Minehann. But even 
with Minchann in the lineup, UCSD 
couldn't match up with the talented 
4ger squad. Long Beach left town 
with a four set victory: 15-10, 15-
to, 11-15,15-5. 

Triton Ed McMahon had an im-
pressive match anyway, spiking 
down a game high 23 kills and re-
cording six digs. Tom Black contin-
ued his strong play with 21 kills. 

Saturday night brought the USC 
Trojans (5-t, 2-1) to town, and the 
game didn't turn out any better for 
the Tritons. They got down early and 
struggled to gain momentum against 
the strengths of the Trojans. 

USC, led by Jason Muholland's 
16 kills, swept the match, 15-5, IS-
5,15-12. The Trojans got strong play 
from outside-hitter Russell Brock, 
who slammed down 11 kills to go 
along with five digs. On the UCSD 
side, Tyson Kerr nailed down a 
game-leading 18 kills in the match. 

SOFTBALL: 
Tritons drop first two 
ContInued from pace 20 
the game at 1-1. It then put the game 
away, tallying two more runs in the 
first extra inning with a double in 
the leftfield alley - all despite an 
amazing grounder grab by 
Stephany. 

In game two, UCSD's other ace, 
Shannon Mounger (0-1), took to the 
mound and provided strong pitch-
ing for two innings before giving up 
a run in the third. 

The Triton offense was lulled to 
sleep by the Regals' Heidi Stevens 
(1-1) and could only manage one 
run, even though Alvies (2-3) and 
Schilling (2-3) continued their hot 
hitting. Cal Lutheran exploded in 
the sixth inning for four runs to 
bump the lead to 5-1, and it proved 
to be too much for UCSD. 

"I feel that this year is definitely 
a continuation from last [year 's late 
success)," Gerkens said. 

The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 13 

Sunshlnl Sllre & Ravella Sundry Stlre's 

Receive a free Valentine 
Sweet Treat with each roll of 
color print film processed 

Feb. 6-18. 
II c •••••• 1C1III., .. III.1t ... 11 ..... ,la IIIl C-41 Pncns lilY. SIIIIII, I!W. & I'IIl'IIIIlIcl ..... 

Whee, me. 

For more self-love, see the Guardian 
Valentine Personals, pages 10 & 11 

Nobel Dr. 

Campus Interviews 
February 28, 1995 

OLDE, America's Full Service Discount Broker,SId is 
looking for motivated people to establish a career in 
the brokerage business. 

OlDE offers: 
12-18 month paid training program 

Potential six-figure income 
Excellent benefits 

If you possess excellent communication skills, general 
market knowledge and the desire to excel, sign up 
for an on-campus interview on February 28,1995 in 
the Career Center. 

If you are unable to arrange an interview call: 

1 800 937-0606 
or send resume to: 

OLOE Discount Stockbrokers 
National Recruiting 
751 Griswold Street 

Detroit, MI 48226 

~OLDE 
DISCOUNT STOCKBROKERS 

Member NYSE and SlPC 
An Equat Opportunity Employer 

FREE 1 Pair COlored COntacts W.J. FRESH LOOKS PLO to -6.00 Brown Eyes to Blue, Green, Hazel 
With the purchase of any contact lens package below $89 ~!p~~r $129~ 

$139 ~~'~T~ear 
ALL specials include lenses. exam, 

eyecare kit lind follow up visit . 

Hoars I YISA] 
....7 
..... 

[111 • PrtsatptlOIS Ftlled • GlasHS DllllllcafId 
• CIItp .... EYe EDIts 
• 10 ...... 1ItIIHt Neclsury 



14 FEATURES 

The bridge on the side of the 
VA hospital. 

The canyon .... It ' s really 
pretty. You can 'tsee any roads 
or anything. 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
•• 

RIZWAN SHEIKH 
Revelle 

First-year student 

ANDREA FAVILLE 
Warren 

First-year student 

·sa..l:nl,uaApv ~:n~ql,no 3AOq8 
pal,830I 3 ..... 8 3-'". ·UOn8U1..1:0JU! 

a..l:01.O ..I:oJ ££17"[-5£5 :118 3 

:OJ ~!unJ.loddo a4J sJuapnJs 6u!JaUQ 
S! weJ60Jd 4~eaJJno 
aU04daial as~n a41 

YELLOW 5RICK ROAD 
Family Amusement Centers 

• 
• 
• FREE: 

GAME TOKENS: 
Orw P" ~ p" M,. YOU MOII.·TIIMn. Eqins Man:' 1,1995 • 

••••••• 
in the UTC Food Court 

• All expenses paid 
• Free language training 
• $5,400 in savings 

CALL NOW! 

(800)424-8580 

The UCSD Guardian 

WHERE IS 
THE MOST 
. ROMANTIC 

SPOT ON 
CAMPUS? 
Interviews and 
Photography by 
Cathy Hirota 

Monday, February 13, 1995 

The side of Oceanview during The top of the snake path in 
sunset. the garden area. 

GLEN WESTWOOD 
Thurgood Marshall 

Junior 

IN TO A 

IT ALL HAPPENS NONSTOP 

ROXANNE VIRGALLITO 
Muir 

Senior 

Where information blazes through the ether and the light- across 
the street or around the world. The information never ceases. 

Our technology never fa ils. 

TANDEM: THE PARALLEL UNIVER?E 
The universe of advanced database computing. Of massively parallel, fault 

tolerant on-line transaction processing. Of open accessibility. 
Of robust UNIX. Of the most informat ion-hungry industries, 

getting the power they demand. 

LAUNCH 
Get parallel with Tandem. 

ATTENTION SW DEVELOPMENT CANDIDATES 
IF YOU'Rf1NTERESTED IN SW DEVELOPMENT AND 

IF YOU'RE A CS OR COMP ENG MAJOR, SIGN UP NOW 
FOR CAMPUS INTERVIEWS - FRIDAY, F~BRUARY 17TH 

CHECK YOUR-CAREER CENTER FOR DETAILS. 

For more information on our company. 
please preview our home page on the World Wide 

Web: http://www.tandem.com/staffing/ 

1"TANDEM 

,.r r 

Monday, February 13, 1995 

Tritons Avenge Loss 
To Leopards, 94-74 
PAYBACK: UCSD got a key win against La 
Verne, avenging a loss earlier this season 
By Da" Kraft 
SPOrts Editor 

The Triton train is nearing the 
station entitled playoffs, but this 
locomotive isn't slowing in the 

BH~KET 
~ 

",:,",. 

BALL 

least . No 
where was 
this more 
evident than 
on Friday 
night, when 
the Tritons 
played an 
average first 
half before 
absolutely 
dismantling 
La Verne. 

"That was the best half of bas-
ketball we've ever played," Head 
Coach Judy Malone said. "Every-
thing was going our way." 

Mter battling to a virtual stale-
mate in the opening half of the 
match-up (La Verne led 42-41), 
UCSD came out in the second and 
blew the Leopards off the court, 
outscoring La Verne by a mon-
strous 20 points. 

Heading up the Triton charge, 
po int guard Cindy Yamasaki 

poured in 22 points including a six 
for 12 evening from beyond the 
three-point arc. UCSD's numbers 
were impressive on all fronts. 

The Tritons shot 57 percent in 
the second half and 48 percent in 
the game from the field and were 
almost as good from three-point 
land, posting a 44 percent mark by 
hitting on 13 of 29 attempts. 

"In the second half they played 
~s in a zone and we ran our zone 
offense to perfection," Malone said. 
"We just kept moving the ball until 
we got an open shot. In the last six 
minutes, we didn't miss I shot." 

Among the statistical leaders for 
UCSD were senior forward Tami 
Oviatt who tallied 15 points and 
pulled down nine rebounds. Guard 
Marcia Jeffries contributed with 11 
points while forward Stacy Patsko 
notched 10 points and 10 rebounds. 

The 94-74 shellacking contin-
ued a UCSD trend of second half 
combacks that has persisted during 
its current six-game winning streak. 

"That was a must win game for 
us and we came through," Malone 
said. "We are starti ng to peak at the 
right time." . 

Highlanders Can't 
Keep Pace with UCSD 
LOW ROAD: Tritons open season on the links 
with 302-311 victory over UC Riverside 
By Tedd Ladd 
Associate Sports Editor 

You know you've got a good 
team when your sixth man is a 
medalist - and you don ' t even 

need your top 
man 's score. 

That's 
what hap-
pened to the 
UCSD golf 
squad at last 
Thursday'S 
dual match 
with UCRiv-
erside. Play-
ing on the 

traditional grounds of the Victoria 
Golf Club, the Tritons crushed the 
Highlanders, 302 to 311. 

"If we shoot 7's individually 
and low 300s as a team, then 
we ' re right where we need to be," 
UCSD Coach Mike Wydra said. 

Sixth man Arnie Campbell and 

Color 99"" Of) Copies ,. 8,,11 

teammate Jim O'Grady led the way 
for the Tritons, each medaling and 
shooting a low 74 - only two ov.~r 
par - on the course. 

On the 15th hole, a 536-yard 
par-five monster, O'Grady showed 
his remarkable strength by pound-
ing a drive 332 yards into the wind. 

"[O'Grady 1 is the longest hiller 
in the nation for Division III right 
now," Wydra said. "He hits 280 
yards on a bad drive - about 330 
on a good one." 

Co-captain Pete Roberts, who 
was ranked fifth in the nation as a 
sophomore, and Alex Behrend also 
doubled up with a pair of solid 77s 
for the UCSD cause. 

Tom Brown, the Tritons' top 
man going into the match, shot a 
respectable 79, while Brian Walter 
wasn't far behind with an 82. How-
ever, both their scores were dis-
counted since each school takes its 
top-four results only. 

Passport $5.95 
Photos (~phoh<) 

8457 Vila La Joia Dr . • 115 La Jola, CA 92037 

'-. 

The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 15 

Pt. Loma Bounces UCSD 
CRUSADERS: Tritons 
unable to continue win 
streak in Pt. Lorna loss 

By Tedd Ladd 
Associate Sports Editor 

One minute you're on top of the 
world, and the next minute some-
one yanks the rug out from under-

BH~KET 
~ 
"" ..... , "'-

BRLL 

neath you. 
That's how 

it was for the 
UCSD men's 
basketball 
team after 
Thursday's 
game against 
Point Loma at 
RIMAC. 

The Tri-
tons (10-12) 
were riding a 

three-game win streak coming into 
the contest against the Crusaders 
(11-13), but left with a 98-88 defeat. 

And with only three more games 
remaining on its schedule, UCSD's 
"Quest for a .500 Record" may be 
stalled, but it's still alive. 

The Crusaders - and particu-
larly Beau Pack (26 points) - had 
the hot hand all night, lighting up 
the scoreboard with a sizzling .571 
shooting percentage for the game. 

Miserable 5-17 (.294) three-
point shooting hurt the Tritons in the 
first half, and their inside shooting 
was also a frigid 18-42 (.428). 

There were some bright spots for 
UCSD, however. Kahlil Allen was 
the most efficient scorer for the Tri-
tons. In only 22 minutes, Allen tal-
li.ed 21 points and five rebounds. 

UCSD center Mall Aune (14 
points, six rebounds) and teammate 
Matt Minehan (13 points, five re-
bounds) also kept the Tritons close, 
with a slim halftime deficit, 49-43. 

In the second half, the Tritons 
narrowed the margin but couldn't 
take the lead. Point Loma hit 10-20 
treys to extend its lead. 

Solid contributions from Todd 
Benelar (11 points) and Jason Jones 
(10 points), still couldn ' t save 
UCSD from the Crusader onslaught. 

When it was over, the Tritons had 
four players in double-digits in the 
"total poi nts" column, but also a 
tough 98-88 loss. Victory was Just out of reach for Brian Capella and the Tritons. 

1995 Commencement 
finnouncement 

(~ M · U I r Sunday, June 18, 9 am 
-..... Revell e Sunday, June 18, 2:30 pm 

All ceremonies will be held on the Thurgood Marshall Playing Field with the exception of 
Eleanor Roosevelt College which will be held in RIMAC. For further commencement information 

please contact the Dean's Office at your college. ' 



16 CLASSIFIEDS 

\\ \Ol \CE'IE\T~ 
European gentleman, seeks 
female student for 
companionship. Serious only. 
Please leave message, 999-
4104. (1/9-3/2) 
·Stardust Memories· -Revelle's 
Annual Semiformal. Friday Feb. 
24, 1995 at La Jolla Marriott 
9pm-1am. TIx on sale, $11/ 
person @ PC Box Office. OJ: 
Naughty Co. (2/9-2/23) 
Cash for college. 900,000 
grants available. No 
repayments, ever. Qualify 
immediately. 1-800-243-2435. 
(2/9-4/3) 
Dance for Ald. at Porter's Pub 
sponsored by the Cooed 
Business Fraternity, Alpha 
Kappa Psi, this Thursday 8.to 
midnight. Admission is $5 with 
a college 1.0. Be there! (2/13) 
Looking forward to midterms 
and finals? A.S. LECTURE 
NOTES available for many 
classes including Chem 6A, 
Comm 125, Econ lA, Econ 2A, 
Math 1 B, Physics 6, Physics 7 & 
Poli Sci 100B. $15 per class. 

THANKS to 
the cooperation of these 

businesses, you can still rip 
out your favorite Guardian 
coupon at any of these off-
campus distribution sites ... 

••••••••• 

Gilman Drive Info Booth 
Communications Bldg. 
Torre~ Pines Center ~ 
~ri~PS ~~h C-((\~. 
Scripps Snack .Bar 
Neuremberg Hall, SIO 

St. Germain's 
Gal Copy 
BJ's Pizzeria 
Kinko's 
Ralphs 
Polar's Yogurt 
Western Bagel 
Albertson's 
Soup Exchanga 
Subway 
Zebra Copy 
Milagro Bean 
Koala Yogurt 
Taco Bell 
News Etc. 
Beans 

Subway 
Roberto's 

Jeffs Burgers 
Neighbor Saver 
No, Shore Cafe 
Paninl Caffe 
Swensen's 

SoupEx~e 
La Jolla Brewing Co. 
La Jolla Public Ubrary 
Bernini's 
zanzibar 
Pannikin 
7-11 (La Jolla Blvd.) 
Starbucks 
Ambiance Cafe 
zanzibar 
CaleCrema 
7-1 1 
Quik Corner 
Soup Exchange 
Dragon House 

Ben & Jerry's 
Baltimore Sagel 
Sport Mart 
Roberts 
Rice King 
Sub Stop 
Robertos ~.t ~e\Q~ Baltimore Ba~el ~ 
Red Robin ~. 
Pannikin ~f\" 
The Study 
Chefs Wok 
Expressa Roma 
Blue Door Bookstore _ .-'6" 
David's Place ~.,... -
Euphoria 
UCSD Med Ctr. 
Quel Fromage 

We are located next to Soft 
Reserves, so stop by & get a 
subscriptionl (2/13-2/16) 
Are you interested in informally 
discussing Ayn Rand's 
philosophy - Objectivism? 
Contact Scott at 483-6185. (2/ 
13-2/16) 
FREE FINANCIAL AlDI Over 
$6 billion in private sector grants 
& scholarships is now available. 
All students are eligible 
regardless of grades, income, 
or parent's income. Let us help. 
Call Student Financial Services: 
1-800-263-6495 ext. F59761. 
(2/13-3/9) 
MagiC Mountain w/MuirCollege 
on Sat. 3/4. Sign-up at MOM by 
2/17. $10 w/commuter sticker 
and $11 w/o sticker. (2/13-2/ 
16) 
Muir Commuter Council meets 
Thursdays at noon in Clouds 
Rest. We're selling Pacific 
Theatre movie tickets at MOM 
for $2. (2/16, 2/23) 
Thinking about your future? 
Start a bright career in medicine, 
academics, or biotechnology by 
getting a Ph.D. in Pathobiology 
at the University of Southern 
California Department of 
Pathology. Scholarships 
available. Additional 
government support available 
for under-represented 
minorities. DEADLINE 4/1/95. 
GPAabove3.0andGREabove 
1100 preferred. Please contact 
Lisa Doumak (213) 342-1168, 
2011 Zonal Ave., HMR 209, 
Los Angeles, CA 90033. 

Rommate Wanted, 2 bedroom 
apt. in Pacific Beach, 2 blocks 
from Beach/Garnet. $372.50 & 
deposit. Call Scott at 272-1 312. 
(2/13-2/16) 
Looking for 1 or 2 roommates at 
La Jolla Del Sol apartments. 
427.50 & 1/3 utilities a month. 
Private bedroom & bathroom. 
Close to UCSD and shopping. 
(2/13-2/16) 
Live with Koala staffers near 
campus in Mira Mesa. 3 car 
garage, 3 bedroom, 3 bath,lots 
more. Jason or Steve549-9178. 
(2/13) 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, February 13, 1995 

CLASSIFIEDS 
Classified advertising is sold in 20-word increments. The rate per 20 words is $2 for 
students (jor personal use only), $3 for faculty and swff, and $4 for others. Payment in 
advance is required; therefore, ads must be mtliled with a check (made payable to The 
UCSD Guardian) or presented in person. Deadlines are 3 p.rn. Thursday for Monday s 
issue, and3 p.rn. MondiJy for Thursday s issue. The Guardian reserves the ri~ht to ~e 
any advertising including buJ not limited to companionship ads. For more mforman:m 
ca1l534-5416. Mailingaddress: UCSDGuardian,Attn: Classijieds, 9500GiimanDnve, 
0316, La Jolla, CA 92093~316. ActUlll address: Student Center A, top floor. 

Roommate wanted April1-June 
30 minimum commitment. UTC 
area, $375 + 1/3 utilities. Own 
room, easy bikelbus/walk to 
campus. F preferred. Pool, 
laundry, parking, quiet and 
friendly area. Call 559-1278. (2/ 
13-2/21) 
Large room in large condo on 
Mission Bay Beach. $370/mo. 
Walk to ocean or Gamet. 3 bed/ 
2.5 bath, 1235 Parker PI. Call 
581-3935. (2/13-2/16) 
HILLCREST : lBR 1BA, 
refrigerator , stove, micro, 
carpet,laundry, near bus, UCSD 
shuttle, stores, $495. Call Lyn: 
523-1040. (1/30-3/2) 
Need roomate! Own bedroom! 
1 block from campus, laundry, 
jacuzzi, tennis, underground 
parking. Available now! $350/ 
month. Call Mike: pager 897-
9473. (2/2-2/13) 
Room available in Renaissance 
apartments by UTC. Pool, 
jacuzzi, workout, underground 
parking! Available now! $340/ 
month! Call 457-5175. (2/2-2/ 
13) 
Spacious room in University City 
house available 3/27 - Pool, 
fireplace, near parks , bus, 
shopping, share bath & utilities; 
$350/single, $225/double & 
deposit: 622-9229. (2/6-2/13) 
South Mission Beach: room for 
rent. $425 March 1. Seeking 
responsible M/F to share 2BR/ 
1 BA duplex. Four houses from 
beach. 488-2399. (2/6-2/16) 
OWN YOUR OWN HOME 
UCSD staff and student 

DISCOUNTS. Greatfinancing. 
Near UCSD. 1, 2 brs 
$l20,OOO's+ &3brs $150,000+, 
Condos to luxury homes-
serving La Jolla, Univ. City, Mira 
Mesa, Del MAr, Pacific Bch, 
Clairemont. Need to SELL, see 
what 11 YEARS EXPERIENCE 
can do! RE/Max Assoc. Judith 
Haddox, Realtor, 619-274-
4477. (2/9-3/9) 
Roomate wanted ASAP: own 
room, share bath in condo near 
Vons, UTC & bus lines. WID 
and pool/spa use included. 
$338/mo + 1/3 util. 459-6860. 
(2/9-2/13) 
Roomate wanted for house on 
Poole ST. 1 block from campus. 
Own room + bath. $350/mo plus 
1/4 utilities. Prefer open-minded 
friendly undergrad. Call 453-
1955. (2/9-2/21) 
Housing: Have your own master 
bedroom or share with a friend. 
Furnished with desk, bed , 
kitchen items and more! Condo 
in La Jolla Colony. Call: 450-
2100askfor Nasrine Rent=475/ 
mo Negot. Available 
immediately! (2/9-2/21) 

IDIPLOY:\lEI\T 
UP TO $300/session!!! Models 
- Call (800) 639-6935 Now -
Amatures considered! Twins, 
eyes, legs, shapely figures, 
Asian & Swedish especially 
needed! 492-8063. (2/13-2/16) 
TRAVEL ABROAD AND 
WORK. Make up to $2,000-
$4,OOO+/mo. teaching basic 
conversational English in 
Japan, Taiwan, or S.Korea .. No 

teaching background or Asian 
languages required, For 
information call: (206) 632-1146 
ext.J59764. (1/12-2/13) 
Wanted - Responsible female 
live-in to do housekeeping, 
laundry, grocery shopping, 
errands, occasional healthy 
cooking for married couple, and 
pet care for small dog, in 
exchange for free studio 
apartment in large oceanview 
home in Del Mar. Must have 
own car. Call 285-4321. Leave 
message. (2/13-2/16) 
Babysitter needed , UCSD 
student, weekends primarily. 
Del Mar, 3 beautiful children 
ages 3, 8 and 11 . $6 per hour. 
793-0570. (2/13-2/21) 
CRUISE SHIPS NOW HIRING 
- Earn .up to $2,OOO+/month 
working on Cruise Ships or 
Land-tour companies. World 
travel (Hawaii, .Mexico, the 
Caribbean, etc.). Seasonal and 
full-time employment available. 
No experience necessary. For 
more information call 1-206-
634-0468 ext. C59764. (2/1 3-
3/9) 
ALASKA SUMMER 
EMPLOYMENT - Fishing 
Industry. Earn to $3,000-
S6,OOO+/month + benefits . 
Male/Female. No experience 
necessary (206)545-4155 ext 
A59762. (1/12-2/13) 
Fast Fundraiser - raise $500 in 
5 days - greeks, groups, clubs, 
motivated individuals. Fast, 
easy - no financial obligation. 
(800) 775-3851 EXT. 33. (1/30-
6/8) 

WE ARE OPERATED BY STUDENTS 

Need cash? Domino's Pizza is 
now hiring. Become a part of 
the world's largest pizza delivery 
company. Drivers can eam up 
to $12.00/hr., must be 18, with 
valid driver's license, insured 
vehicle, good driving record. 
Stop by our La Jolla store, 3211 
Holiday Ct.,after 11am or call 
452-8273. EOE. (1/23- 3/16) 

AND WE SERVE THE ENTIRE CAMPUS COMMUNITY 
Inexpensive Bike Repair 

Free Repair Estimates 
Mountain Bike Rentals 

Free Repair Classes 
evey Wed. night at 5:30 

LOCATED IN THE STUDENT C ENTER 

HOURS: M-F 10-5 
PHONE: 534-4279 

C S D 

bike 
s H o p 

"Be a Stripper" (of wallpaper 
that is) Full or part-time business 
opportunity, eam $300.00 per 
day or more, create your own 
work schedule, no experience 
necessary/ inc training, $9,500 
investment/financing available. 
Attend Free Seminar: Thurs. 
Feb. 23, Town & Country Hotel 
"Towne Room" 7:30p.m: Call 
for reservations 1-800-800-
3542. (2/6-2/21) 
STUDENTS NEEDED ON 
CAMPUS! Earn $500.00+ for 1 
week project. Position limited. 
Call 1-800-344-77 43 ext. 5976. 
(2/6-2/21 ) 
BABYSITTER wanted for cute, 
energetiC 14 month old boy in 
the UTC area. Regular weekly 
hours eeded. Will work with 
your (' ass schedule. Call Mia 

Monday, February 13,1995 

535-9482. (2/9-2/13) 
Moneyl $5OO-$l000tWeek at 
home. For free info send 
SAS.E.toP.0.Box22798San 
Diego, CA 92192. (2/9-2/16) 
Revelle Students I Are you 
energetic, outgoing, positive, 
mature & patient? Be a Parent 
Orientation Leader for 1995. 
Applications In Revelle Dean's 
Office. (2/9-2/13) 
DISTRIBUTION/Marketing 
Exciting Health & Money 
magazine looking for person to 
drop off magazines to specified 
businessesandsetupnewdrop 
off locations. Must have 
transportation, PI time. Aprox 
10 hr/Wk, flexible, Female/male. 
Info 273-3150 ext 244. (2/13-2/ 
16) 
$1750 weekly possible mailing 
our circulars. No experience 
required. Begin now. For info 
call 202-298-8957. (2/6-3/16) 
MARKETING - Looking for 
very mature, savvy & relialbe 
person to set up appointments 
by phone for exciting Health & 
Money Expo. No selling. Pt. 
time. 10-20 hrs/wk. 273-3150 
ext 245. (2/13-2/16) 
Interested in earning money and 
gaining job experience at a law 
office? Local firm has entry level 
openings. Call 687-7651 for 
more details. (2/13/2/23) 
Telemarketer needed to verify 
information for insurance 
company. Flexible hours. No 
appOintment setting. No sales. 
587-8271 or 222-6500. (2/13) 

FOH SALE 
X-LG Large O'Neill spring wet 
suit $50, HP 48G graphic & 
scientific calculator $150 , 
answering machine& telephone 
$30. 550-0776. (2/13) 
FOR SALE: Brand new 
Mitsubishi cellular phone. $250 
installed with warranty and with 
antenna obo. Brian at 558-2052 
(2/13) 
TWA STUDENT FARES. one-
way flights at $137 each. 
Additional bonuses call 
Professional Travel Service 
481-1264.8-5 pm M-F. (1/9-2/ 
16) 
Computer - 286 IBM 
Compatible, color monitor, 
printer, tons of software. Call 
622-1695. (2/13-2-21) 
Great Summer Trip! 9 nights 

(Florida, Bahamas & New 
Orleans) $225 per person/dbl. 
occupancy O.B.O. must sell. 
Call 225-1128. (2/13-2/16) 
Computer peripherals! 44 MB 
removable cartridge drive, 
$100. US Robotics 14.4 external 
modem, $80. Apple 300 DPI 
Flatbed Scanner, $100. 
Jonathan, 552-9240. (2/13-2/ 
16) 
1984 NISSAN SENTRA, 40, 
AC, 120K, Excellent condition 
- new clutch, timing belt, 
shocks, carburator, brakes -
$1995, 452-8824 (h) or 534-
7673 (w). (2/13-2/21) 
Couch/Love-seat for sale. 
Beige, good condition, $50. Call 
552-8890. Jose. (2/13-2/16) 
LADIES ACTIVE WEAR (bras, 
shorts) discounted prices, grp 
discounts. Call 546-8850. The 
Best in the T-Shirt Business! 
Call 792-0060 (1/30-2/13) 
Excellent condo custom 6-8 
RUSTY SURFBOARD PIN-
TAIL $190.00 obo. X-S 
HOTLINE wetsuit $100.00. 
Winter swell is here! Francis 
678-0742. (2/9-2/13) 
Whirlpool large capacity washer 
and dryer set: excellent 
condition, $275; Upright Hoover 
vacuum, $10. Call 273-1162. 
(2/9-2/13) 
DOC 2- material (Zebra Copy) 
$38; Car cover - size "A", 
breathable, best quality, new, 
$80; Aerobic wear. Call 546-
8850. (1/30-2/13) 

SEHVI(~ES 
Student Funding. We search 
150,000 sources for student 
funding. We average 10 to 15 
student qualifying funding 
sources per student. If you are 
not eligible for funding from 
these sources we will refund 
your money in full. Send $29.50 
to: Student Funding Resol!rce 
Inc.; 17950 Lassen St. ; Bldg. 
#3, Unit 104; Los Angeles, CA 
91325. (2/13-2/16) 
Stre .. , Fatigue, Back Pain, 
PMS. Oriental Medical Arts & 
Therapeutic Massage. Del Mar 
692-1607. Students $30. (2/13-
2/16) 
OVERLOADED? Let me help 
you! Word Processing by hour/ 
page. Microsoft Word, Excel, 
Power Point, WordPerfect, 
Lotus, Harvard Graphics. 450-
6458. (2/13-2/16) 

w. (.a,-. Ilair 
8.!1f.11'i,lt,'1;8!!1;1M.ilin:t.t,i:j'!IQ;I! ••• i 

587-CUTT 
8750 Gen8S88 

•• OPa7 DAYS • we accept checks 

The UCSD Guardian 

Permanent weight-loss 
possible! Breakthrough produd 
blocks and bums fat. Curbs 
hunger without side effects. Call 
1-800-735-4865. Rellv 
Independent Distributor. (1/17-
3/6) 
All types of RESEARCH needs 
SERVICEDI No time for 
researching? No problem -Call 
DATA COLLECTION 
SPECIAUST265-8405. (1/3-2/ 
23) 
VIDEOTAPING, editing & 
production for birthdays, 
reunions, fitness, models, 
dance Instruction, music 
recitals. Broadcastquality! Low 
prices. Sun.et Video 
Productions 455-6006. (1/12-
4/20) 
TRAVEL-BEST FARES -World 
- Wide, personalized service, 
getaway escapes, vacations-
plan Spring Holiday now save 
$$ Office, fax 546-7831. (2/2-3/ 
16) 
TUTORING - Mathematics, 
Statistics, Physics, Chemistry, 
Computer Programming , 
Engineering. Help with 
homework and test preparation. 
Call for more information. MARK 
#221-7176. (2/2-2/16) 
Custom surfboard shaping. 
Complete boards from $275.00. 
Specializing in hand-painted 
graphics and airbrush design. 
Premium quality glassing. 293-
3914. (2/9-3/6) 
From tune-ups to accessories 
to bikes. The UCSD Bike Shop 
has all your cycling needs. 
Come by the Student Center 
and Check us out. Our hours 
are M-F 10-5. (1/12-3/16) 

\\ '.-\ i\ T E J) 
UCSD MEDICAL CENTER at 
Hillcrest needs healthy 
volunteers, ages 18 to 50, for a 
2 hour "Eyeblink Study." $10 
plus parking will be provided. 
Call Pattie at 543-2314. (2/13) 
Microscope, low power, 
laboratory quality. A disecting 
microscope is ideal. can pay 
around $100. Steve 558-2235. 
Leave message. (2/13-2/21) 
Are you male, between the ages 
of 18-30 and recovering from 
an eating disorder? A national 
network television show would 
like to talk to you. Call 1-800-
369-4142. (2/13-2/27) 
Free movie passes or cash 

FREE 
COMPACT 

DISCS! 
Trade in: ONE 
6 ca~sctte~ 
or 2 CD's FREE CD* 
and get 

'on ,11;lIfm,ll 
~o l"lIIt • Thou ..... HlIh of CO" in stock 

Lowest Prices in San Diego! 

~ MUSlcTRADER 
~ 709-1 MIf,)m.H Ret 

~ ~,~,~:t!,~~9 
, , , 223-7777 

272·2274 
GG[,] [I (",',0 BII:I ' 462·2274 

III 8,,,.,<1,,,,\ [I (.'1'." 444-2274 
.';1" I ( .- • ". , 'II" 439·4433 
·Ikl [""iii",,, Chu" ,,,I., 585-3472 

CLASSIFIEDS 17 

equivalent for participating in 
research project. Must be fluent 
in Spanish and English. Call 
220-8955. (2/13-2/16) 

(10/17-6/3) 
Subjects ptlid for a study on 
alcohol's effects. If you are a 
Japane.e, Chlne.e, or 
Korean, Amerlcan-bom male, 
call Scripps Research for more 
information. 554-7240. (1/9-3/ 
16) 
ASTHMA STUDY: Subjects 
with mild to moderate asthma 

PAY ATIENTION! Healthy, (who use both inhaled 
normal volunteers wanted for a . corticosteroid and inhaled 
research study on how people bronchodilator daily) will be 
payattention.Eam$10for60to reimbersed $150.00 for 
90 minutes of computer testing. partiCipation in research study 
No medical procedures at UCSD. Contact 543-6911. 
involved. Call (619) 552-8585 (2/2-2/13) 
x2269. (2/13) 

Cat-sitter needed for 2 well-
behaved felines until April 30 
'95. Will pay for expenses + 
modest compensation for your 
trouble. Call Jana during the 
day @ 534-2348. (2/13-2/16) 

BANDS NEEDED! Looking for 
bands willing to play for modest 
salary. If interested, call 534-
2954. (2/13-2/23) 
*EGG/SPERM DONORS. 
desperately needed by infertile, 
hopeful parents. All races 
needed. Ages 21-35 . 
SUBSTANTIAL 
COMPENSATION. Call 
OPTIONS 800/786-1786. (1/26-
2/21 ) 
TWINS! If you are an Identical 
or fraternal twin, please 
partiCipate in a UCSD 
Psychology experiment. 
PartiCipants will be 
monetarily compensated. 
Call J. Larsen at 534-6283. 

PEHS( f\ .\LS 
AKN - Peanut Butter? Shrimp? 
What's with all the food? (2/13) 
To the man who wrote the hate 
words on the 7th floor bathroom 
stall at Central. Aren 't you 
educated buddy? (2/13) 
Thank you tothecool gentleman 
who gave me two free incense 
last Wednesday at the Revelle 
Plaza. (2/13) 
My psychiatrist wants me. I can 
tell by the way she stares into 
my eyes - her patient. (2/13) 
My encounter with Uma: "Uma 
I love you!" (I kneel and lick her 
toes.) 

Since 1983 Peking Palace has been a favorite dining experience 
because of its delicious authentic Mandarin and Szechuan 

cuisines, great service and very reasonable priCes. Check out 
our new location at UTC, next to Carlos Murphy'S. 

University Towne Center 
4305 La Jolla VilkJge Drive 455-7500 

15°1<) OFF \\ith U(S(} ID. ['I' \\ .or \I 1'1", 

COSTA 
VERDE 
(ARWASH 

FUU SERVICE CAR WASH 
& Turtle Wax Sealer 
8505 Costa Verde Blvd_ • 587-4844 

~ 
WE RECYCLE 
OUR WATER 

4-UCSO 

i L8 Jol18 VII18a8 Dr. I. J No',1 Dr . 
UTe 

II 
:z:_® J J I" 

OPEN 7 DAYS. ALL SOFT CLOTH WASH 
SHELL GASOLINE & DIESEL AT COMPETITIVE PRICES 
---------------------- I l III Full Service $ 99 l 

: ~?~~~ P!! !~§! :3 ....... I 
I C o\R WASil Not valid willi any other oller. SAVE $4.26 j 
I &plea 3(15r'e5 I 

~------~----------_~~ ___ I 

" 

1 



18 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian 

UCSD Masters TMe 
DOUBLED-UP: UCSD swept Master's College on Saturday 
By Sean Rahlml 
Guardian Reporter 

The UCSD baseball' team looked to up its 
record to 4-0 on Saturday afternoon, wilh the 

, help of a couple of soulh-
paw hurlers. Sieve Heighl 
and Ryan Ward came 
Ihrough in a big way, as 
the Tritons swept a 
double-header from Ihe 
Muslangs of Master's 
College, 11-2 and 4-0. 

Steve Height (2-0) 
pitched a terrific game in 
the opener, allowing only 
Ihree hits and two runs, 
while striking out six in 

seven innings of work. 
The 'Triton offense exploded early on with 

seven runs in the first inning to open up an 
insurmountable lead. The Mustang's starter 
Mark Balch, lasted just one-third of an inning. 

Eric Quandt (3-5, 2 RBI) collected three 
hits in his first three al bats, Combined with a 
4-4 performance in the Tritons' previous game 
against Southern California College, Quandt 
connected in seven conseculive plate appear-
ances. 

"[Quandt] is our sparkplug on offense. For 
us to be successful, we need him to be on his 
game. He was definitely on today," Head 
Coach Robert Fletcher said. 

Dan O'Brien was the star of the first game 
for UCSD, going four for five with a double 
and three RBI. His supporting cast included 
Chris Miyaki (2-4, 2 doubles, 3 runs, 2 RBI) 
and AI DelFavero (2 hits; 2 RBI). 

sixth, however, delighting the crowd with a 
towering, opposite-field two-run blast that put 
the Tritons up 10-2. 

"[DelFavero] makes things happen for us," 
Fletcher said. "He is also a big part of our 
defense, which is going to be strong." 

Mike Bryant and David Mullin each came 
out of the pen and pitched a scoreless inning 
to finish off the Mustangs. Miyake ended the 
game in the top of the ninth by snagging a 
hot, infield shot and gunning down the batter 
at first. 

Ryan Ward and Jason Aguilar grabbed the 
headlines in the second game for the Tritons. 
Ward pitched seven scoreless innings, scat-
tering three hits to pick up his second victory 
of the young season. Ward gave up only Ihree 
singles while fanning six and walking just 
one. 

Led by Aguilar (3-3, I run, 1 RBI), the 
Tritons scored four runs and shut down the 
Mustangs offense. 

Aguilar started a firsl-inning rally when 
he got on base wilh a perfect bunt single 
Miyaki then moved him 10 third with a double, 
and DelFavero brought h'im home on a 
blooper which fell between Mustang infield-
ers in shallow right. 

With two outs in the second inning, the . 
Tritons' offense struck again. Quandl and 
Bobby Arban got on base on a walk and an 
error respectively. Aguilar then nailed a blis-
tering single to left that drove Arban in. 
M iyaki 's (2-3, 1 RBI) double to deep left-cen-
ter brought in Quandt to make the score 3-0 
UCSD. 

Monday, February 13, 1995 

Masters lone bright spot in the game came 
in the third inning, when leffBennet hit a two-
run shot that cleared the left field wall. 

Delfavero matched Bennet's effort in the 

Mark Mason doubled in O'Brien in the 
sixth inning to close out the scoring at 4-0 in 
favor of the Tritons. Ward pitched all seven 
innings, striking out Dan Prenlice with an off-
speed offering 10 end the game. 

YIiMN ZoiotOleV/GuMl1l111 

Steve H"",t pitched seven ItJOnllnnlnp .n rout. to his second win of the yea,. 

Tritons Topple UC Riverside to Even Season Record at 1-1 
HIGH AND DRY: The UCSD men's tennis team got its inaugural shot at a Division III opponent on Saturday and took full 
advantage, sweeping the doubles matches in its first home contest and knocking off the Highlanders by a score of 5-2 
By Hilary Somers 
Guardian Reporter 

Following two consecutive 
weekends of intense tennis action 
against Division I opponents at the 

University of San 
Diego, the UCsD 
men's tennis team 
was looking for-
ward to playing 
against a fellow 
Division III com-
petitor. 

On Friday, tra-
ditional Triton ri-
val California 

Lutheran University came to town 
and provided just the chance UCSD 
had been eagerly awaiting. 

The Tritons took full advantage, 
playing the part of the rude host and 
earning their first triumph of the 
season by a 5-2 tally to even their 
record at 1-1. 

UCSD looked especially impres-
sive in the doubles matches, win-
ning all three to clinch its initial vic-
tory. 

The number-three tandem of 
Ping Yeh and Ari Marken led the 
way for the Tritons, squashing their 
opponents in a pro set by an 8-2 

hrIs 
Costa Ria 
McwYorlc 
Wlshington D.C. 
DllIa 

margin. It was depth that enabled the Tri-
UCSD Head Coach Brian Turner tons 10 conquer Cal Lutheran in the 

was also impressed by Frank Heeb singles arena. Number-one Ho and 
and Mike Wilson at the number-two number-two Heeb both fell to tough 
doubles slot. They dominated their opponents. 
opponents en route to an 8-5 tri- However, their teammates at the 
umph. other singles slots picked up the 

The duo of Robert Ho and Dan slack, winning all four of the re-
Brounstein at the number-one maining singles matches to vault 
doubles position continued their UCSD into the lead. 
strong play together. Ho and Brounstein, playing al the third 
Brounstein easily handled their spot, was masterful in defeating 
competion in the pro set format UCR's Bryan Holloway. After los-
earning a comfortable 8-4 victory to ing a tight first set, 6-4, he bore 
complete the doubles sweep for down and won the second and third 
UCSD. sets, 6-1 and 7-5 respectively. 

Number-four Mike Wilson had 
significantly less difficulty in his 
match, devouring his opponent, lIya 
Chorny, 6-2 and 6-0. 

Emil Miliet and Yeh, the fifth-
and sixlh-ranked singles, shelled the 
competition in their respective 
matches to complete the 3-4-5-6 
sweep. 

Miliet quickly dispatched of the 
Highlanders' Jake Myers, 6-2, 6-4, 
while Yeh applied a two-set spank-
ing to Riverside's Wilson Teo: 6-1, 
6-1. 

UCSD's next outing will be at 
the Cal Lutheran Tournament. 

Hours: 
Monday, Friday III 

Sa.urday- 9am.6pm 
TU<lday. Wednesday III 
Thunday-9am.8pm 

8843 Villa u Jolla Drivt • u Jolla Village Cenier 
(Nn. Il0l,..1< s....1 

Monday, February 13, 1995 

rill A.s. 
Hotl70)( 

TELL THE REGENTS How FEES ARE 
TAKING THE SHIRT OFF YOUR BACKI 

e External Affairs office of the A.S. is 
participating in a UC-wide effort to show 
he Regents just how much fee in-

creases cost students. Show your sup-
port for the cause at : 

UCSD UNPLUGGED' 
Event starts at 4pm on Wednesday, 
February 15th on Price Cent.r Lawn. 
Bring your BBQ's, sleeping bags, & 
tents- and enjoy the ALL NIGHT ANTI-
FEE HIKE ACOUSTIC CONCERT with 
us til the sun comes up!!!!!! 

KJNG & QUEEN OF THE WINTERFEST 
Do your want to be the king or queen of 
the Winterfest Parade? If you do, then 
come to the Price Center Plaza for the 
Winterfest Costume Contest on March 
3 at 3pm- 1 hour before the parade. 

udges will crown the two winners of the 
contest as the King & Queen of the 

interfestival. Remember, the theme 
this year is Mardi Gras. so be creative. 
Cool prizes- so be there!! Good Luck!! 
Questions? Call 534-4450 for more in-
ormation on the Winterfestival & Con-

EVENING OF INDUSTRY 
The Society of Women Engineers 
(SWE) invites you to come & join SWE 
for an evening with industry. This is a 
career fair & dinner with participating 
local engineering companies. $7 for 
members & $10 for non-members. 
Thursday, Feb 16 at 5pm at the 
University of San Diego. 
Questions? Call Karen at 535-1410. 

AFTER-VALENTINE'S DAY DANCE 
Valentine's Day got you down? Don't 
want to bother finding a date, just for the 
sake of having one? Want to leam to 
ballroom dance? Then join us for our 
After-Valentine's Day Dance. All levels 
welcome! Beginning & Intermediate les-
sons at 7: 15pm. Cool music, friendly 
people, casual atmosphere, & no date 
necessary! Don't be left out! 
Thursday, Feb 23 from 7 -9:30pm 
Price Center Ballroom 
Questions? Call 558-3669. 

A.S. Authorized Propaganda is produced by 
the Associated Students.UCSD. Student 
Orgs may advertise by filling out the form 
located outside the A.S. Secretary's office 
on the 3rd floor of the Price Center or e-mail 
us: asucsd@ucsd.edu. Submissions are due 
each Wedn •• day at noon for the next 
Monday's edition, 

The UCSD Guardian 
.., 

19 

ROPAGANDA 
VOLUNTEER CONNECTION 

Hunger & Hom ..... Awarenes. Day-
an March 4, help us fight hunger and 
homelessness in this one day, campus-
wide event! Applications due by Febru-
ary 15. 
A.S.T.: Active Students for Teen.-
Tutor Mira Mesa High teensl Work one-
on-one, in the classroom, or in home-
work labs, Applications available now. 
Eye on the Elderly- Be a friend to a 
senior citizen. Interact one-on-one and 
in group activities. Activities are two Sun-
days per month for 1 1/2 hours each. 
Ask for Molly. 
4WOMEN- Mentor a young woman, pro-
mote self-esteem and education. Help 
us get organized and into action!! Ask 
for Molly. 
Questions? Call 534-1414. 

Take an active rol. it volunteerl 
The Volunteer Connection 

Price Center, 2nd floor. 

IN A RUT? 
Why don't you try something new and 
exciting?!! There are many positions in 
the AS. that the new year has made 
available for you. Come talk to the A.S, 
to find out more & see which positions 
may fit your needs & availability. Call 
534-4450 for more info. 
Research Manager- conduct surveys. 
BBQ Czar- organize free AS. BBQ's. 

Student representative positions on the: 
Oasis Advisory Committee 
Bookstore Advisory Committee 
Vehicle Accident Review Committee 
Human Relations Coalition Comm. 

Inquire at the A.S. or call 534-4450. 

QUESTIONS, COMMENTS, CONCERNS 
Keep an eye out for the A.S. Sugges-
tions Boxes arriving at a campus loca-
tion near you. We wantto hear what your 
concerns are so that we can represent 
you!!! More info will follow in Allthorized 
Propaganda in the upcoming weeks! 

THE REALITY OF ISLAM 
Islam has always been the subject of 
slander in the West due mainly to its 
historical & doctrinal confrontation with 
Christianity. The distortions dispensed 
in the West have presented but a trav-
esty of the truth. The Muslim Student 
Association welcomes anyone inter-
ested in learning the reality of Islam to 
stop by one of our meetings. 
Tuesdays, 6-7pm in the 
Price Center, 2nd floor 
Questions? call EmK at 276-8457 

BALLROOM FRIDAY FUN SESSIONS 
Join the UCSD Ballroom Dance Club 
for an infonnal ballroom dance sessionl 
Experts: come practice your dance 
steps! Beginners: come leam new onesl 
Come meet some people who share 
your common interest. Here's the deal: 
we'll put on the music if you come & 
dance I 
Every Friday from 2-4pm 
RecGym 
Questions? Call 450-6721 . 

WINTER FESTIVAL PARADE 
Student Orgs. here is your opportunity 
to be involved in this festival & help 
make history!! We are inviting student 
orgs to be a part of our parade. We 
would like you to make floats & partici-

. pate in a small parade route through 
campus. Prizes will be issued to 1 st,2nd, 
& 3rd places, $300, $125, & $75, re-
spectively. Please pick up your info & 
entry form at the reception desk on the 
3rd floor of the Price Center, ASAP. The 
Festival is March 3 & entries are due by 
noon, February 24. 

SUN GOD FESTIVAL MEETING 
We'll be having a meeting to plan the 
annual Sun God Festival on Tuesday, 
Feb 21 at 5pm in the Price Center, 2nd 
floor, Gallery B. 

ELECTIONS COMMITTEE 
If you would like to be involved with 
making this year's Spring elections more 
successful than ever, then contact your 
individual College Council to apply to be 
on the Elections Committee. This is a 
good opportunity to find out how the 
elections really work & you could be in-
strumental in creating a new future for 
them! Call the AS. at 534-4450 if you 
have questions on how to get in contact 
with your individual College Council. 

ARE COMPUTERS YOUR CUP OF TEA 
The A.S. is looking to hire a Computer 
Maintenance person for our Media Lab, 
used by the Alternative Media. Exten-
sive knowledge of computers is not nec-
essary- just basic network/software 
knowledge. This is a Mac Lab. Well 
Paid. Minimal hours. Contact Farsam 
Shadab/Randy Woodard at 534-4450. 

COSTA VERDE SHOPPING SHUTTLE 
Come ride the Costa Verde Shopping Shuttle 
on Mondays & Thursdays. This shuttle drops 
students off in front of Albertson's & is free 
to all riders. Costa Verde stores & shops are 
eager to work with UCSD students & off 
specials. Jump on the shuttles at these times 
7pm: Pick up at Marshall 
7:05: Pick up at Muir 
7: 1 0: Pick up at Revelle 
7:45: Pick up at Warren 
7:50: Pick up at Roosevelt 
8:30: Drop off at Revelle 
8:35: Drop off at Muir 
8:40: Drop off at Marshall 
9: 15: Drop off at Warren 
9:20: Drop off at Roosevelt 
Call the AS. offices at 534-4450 for the spe-
cific pick-up location at your college. 

critical feedback 
Have a punk Valentine's Day with epi-
sode number 6 of KSOT radio's music 
and cultural criticism series- 'Critica,1 
Feedback.' Join us as we talk with Judith 
Halberstam of UCSO's Literature De-
partment. IS/was punk a youth explosion 
or commercial manipulation? Critical 
Feedback airs on KSOT radio- 95.7 Cox 
cable FM, 95.5 Southwestem cable FM, 
& 540 AM on the UCSO campus. 
Tuesday. Feb 14 from B-9pm on KSDT 
Questions? Call KSDT at 534-4225. 

NEW OPPORTUNITIES 
A new pOSition has been created i 
which you could create AS. informatio 
on the Wortd Wide Webb (i.e.- Mosaic). 
Also newly created, is a position whi 
would involve mediation of informatio 
& material between the A.S. & the Col 
lege Club system. Apply at the A.S. 

ISRAEU DANCE 
The Israel Action Committee invites you 
to come & relieve some of that midterm 
stress by Israeli Dance Performance. All 

-

-

VSA's VALENTINE'S DANCE 
Celebrate Valentine's Weekend with a 
cool, upbeat, hip-hop dance. Tickets are 
already on sale. Look for our table in·the 
Price Center Plaza to get info on tix. 
Dance will be on Saturday, Feb 18 
Grand Ramada Inn, from Bpm-12am 
Questions? call 458-1 07B. 

are very welcome ... and It's even freelll -
Wednesday, Feb 15 at 7pm 

REVEllE COLLEGE loGO 
Revelle College Council has 
reopened the logo contest. 
We are looking for a logo 
that property depicts Roger 
Revelle & his philosophies 
regarding higher education. 
Please submit your logos to 
Revelle College Council in 
the form of a black & white 
drawing. Visit the Revelle 
Provost office for more info. 

Do You WANT TO WRITE 
ABoUT FITNESS & 

HEALTH? 
Interested in becoming a 
staff member of UCSD's 
own fitness and health 
magazine? Questions? 
Ideas? Make an impact with 
the Student Health Advo-
catesl 
Questions? Call Kristina at 
67B-0124. 

Porter's Pub Patio, 
Old Student Ctr. 
Questions? Call 534-6244. 

UNTAMED HEAl\TTUES 
FEB 
1 

11 
8:00 

10-:301_ 

THURS Mar y Sh(~ lley , s 
FEB FRANKENSTEIN 

16 $11 
-



20 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian Monday, February 13, 1995 

KHHFTV 
DAN KRAFT 

You Want 
Mike who? 

I've never been one to 
suspect that anybody con-
nected to the world of boxing 
was sane. But recently I have 
become even more convinced 
that they should all be locked 
away in some place miles from 
civilization with the words 
"Shady Acres" in its title. 

UCSD Crusade Marches On 

Why? Well, it's really very 
simple. Every heavyweight 
champion and contender 
insists he is waiting for "Iron" 
Mike Tyson to get out of jail so 
he can get his shot at him. 

Now I ask you, who in his 
right mind would want to fight 
"Iron" Mike? To me, this 

T seems to counter every 
survival instinct cultivated in 
the history of man. After all, 
Mike only needs one "shot" to 
ensure that most men will 
nev'er date again. 

How quickly the world has 
forgotten the havoc that Mr. 
Tyson reeked upon the bodies 
- and faces - of his unwor-
thy opponents! So James 
"Blimp" Douglas got lucky. 
Has that bit of quickly 
forgotten luck caused everyone 
on the planet to neglect what 
happened to Leon Spinks or 
Larry Holmes. Indeed, those 
fights could be summed up in 
one word: "Ouch!" 

PERFECT: The Tritons continued their early 
season hot-streak, downing Pt. Lorna, 7-2 
By Dan Sweeney 
Staff Writer 

It 's been that kind of season for 
the UCSD women 's tennis team 
(3-0) - the Tritons prevailed over 

visiting NAIA 
opponent Point 
Loma at the 
Spanos courts on 
Friday, 7-2, and 
the team consid-
ered it to be a 
relatively close 
match. 

"In the past 
. [Point Loma} has 

not been very strong," UCSD 
- Coach Liz laPlante said. "They 

were surprisingly good, and had 
more depth than we expected." 

In the beginning, PI. Lorna 
made things interesting. Its top-
ranked doubles team of Laura 
Mintz and Marni Hunt managed 
to best UCSD's dynamic duo of 
Michelle Malephansakul and Su-
san Drage, 8-4. Point Loma had 
little time to savor the victory, 
however, as the incredibly deep 
Triton lineup then proceeded to 
dismantle the visitors in methodi-
cal fashion . 

Walker and Jamie Esperon. 
In the other doubles contest, 

Morgan Gessford and Hilary 
Somers, playing their first match 
together, beat cara Overstreet and 
Kana Biehl by an identical 8-3 
tally. . 

Malephansakul suffered her 
first singles loss of the year at the 
number-one singles spot, where 
Hunt won 6-1, 6-0. However, the 
Tritons swept the rest of the 
singles matches. 

Number-two Somers pounded 
Mintz 6-3, 6-1, to maintain a per-
sonal undefeated 3-0 record in 
singles for the season. 

Drage, who is dominating at 
the third slot, dismantled Walker 
6-2, 6-1 . The junior transfer has 
impressed this season, garnering 
an undefeated record of her own 
during the young season. 

The most lopsided victory of 
the day came courtesy of 
Kurokawa, who slapped around 
Esperon en route to a 6-0, 6-0 
bageling at the third slot. 

In fact, if you were one.of 
those suckers that paid to sit 
down in the front row, and you 
happened to sneeze as the 
opening bell was rung, you 
may have missed those fights 
altogether. 

Mark Patterson/ Guardian 
Hilary Somers triumphed In her number-two spot VI. pt. Loma. 

Miki Kurokawa and Yumi 
Takemoto showed good chemis-
try in their 8-3 defeat over Nicki 

Number-five Gessford and 
number-six Takemoto had a little 
more trouble against their coun-
terparts, but both eventually won. 
Gessford outlasted Overstreet 6-
4, 6-7, 6-2, and Takemoto dis-
patched Biehl 7-5, 6-4. 

What makes anybody think 
that a few years in the clink 
has softened the Man of Iron? 
For three years; all he's done is 
lift weights and ponder which 

Cal Lutheran Doubles.IJp on S.D. 
ROUGH START: UCSD dropped its first two games of the season in a doubleheader with Cal Lu 

man will be the first to have 
his face fed to him via a strong 
right hook. 

So, why is aging icon 
George Foreman so eager to 
give Tyson the chance to retire 
him? This is one match you 
could'n't pay me to watch. I 
love big George, and the last 
thing I want to see is Mike 
Tyson ending his career by 
beating him to a pulp. 

Obviously, this whole "I 
want Mike Tyson" craze is 
strictly a monetary issue, 
because DO human, not even a 
boxer, ,",ould be so looney as 
to step in the ring with that 
man just for the challenge of it. 

I only pray that Mike's 
probation officer prevents him 
from escaping the friendly 
confines of the big house long 
enough for George to retire. 

By Tedd Ladd 
Associate Sports Editor 

Blistering fastballs, diving 
catches, bullet throws to first, clutch 
hits, carefully fielded short-hops, 

double-steals 
and sneaky hit-
and-run plays. 

And that 
was just the 
first game of 
the UCSD 
softball team's 
doubleheader 
against arch-ri-
val Cal 
Lutheran on 
Sunday. 

When the 
dust had cleared and all marks were 
penciled on the scorprd, the Tri-
tons had dropped two close contests 
to the Regals, 3-1 and 5-1. 

"I'm very happy with tbe way we 
played. [Cal Lu] is a tough squad," 

...... : 
Tues., Feb. 14, at CSU San Bernardino, 2 p.m. 

Tues., Feb. 14, at CSU San Bernardino Tourney, 11 a.m. 

"".V"',uII: 
Wed., Feb. 15. at San Diego State, 7 p.m. 

UCSD Coach Patricia Gerckens 
said. "I really think that this is the 
best team I've ever coached." 

In the first game, the Tritons kept 
the score notched at 0-0 for three 
innings. The UCSD infield held 
firm, aided by shortstop Nora 
Stephany'S nifty scoops and leaping 
stretches by Kristin Schueler at first. 

Triton pitcher Lisa Gil (8 IP, 3 
ER, 2 SO) mowed down Regal hit-
ters with ease - at one point retir-
ing six straight batters - with a 
deceptive change-up, fastball and 
sinker combination. 

"I was very happy with the way 
[Gil] pitched," Gerckens said. "She 
is definitely one of our leaders." 

UCSD drew first blood in the 
fourth inning when Clair AIvies (3-
4,5-7 for the series) ripped a double 
to the left field fence. Kristy 
Schilling followed with • rocket 
single through the infield bole. 

The Tritons then executed a 

swinging double-steal with Alvies 
racing home from third to make the 
score 1-0, UCSD. It was the only 
offense. the Tritons could muster, 

however. 
Cal Lutheran added a run in the 

fifth off a centerfield-looper to tie 
See SOFTBALL, Page 13 

Chuck NMen/GuniMI 
c.I Luther8n eIId past UCSO' ......... on Sunday 8ftem00n. 

________ .I~I=JI.l ... i :l·],~~ ________ • 

...... 

V-JIIeII: 
The Triton 
spikers were 
dealt defeafs 
by long Beach 
State and USC 
on Friday and 
Saturday. 

... ...... 
The Triton 
women 
clobbered La 
Veme, while 
the men fell to 
cross-town 
rival Point 
Lorna. 

• ••• ~.II: 
UCSD upped 
its mark to 4-0 
on the season 
by taking both 
games-of a 
doubleheader 
frorn Masers 
College. 


