
• =4 ~1 =l'.'J: I ~ ,1;11 
ucla Admitted to 
Upper Echelons 
SANTA BARBARA-UCSB 
and Emory University were 
admitted last Monday to the 
prestigious 58-member 
Association of American 
Universities, joining the ranks 
of institutions such as 
Harvard, Yale, CaITech and 
UCSD. According to 
Cornelius Pings, president of 
the 95-year-old association, 
members are chosen primarily 
on the strength of their 
research and graduate pro-
grams. UCSB Chancellor 
Henry T. Yang said he hoped 
membership in the association 
would help UCSB shed its 
"party school" reputation. 

- Daily Nexus 

Explosions Unkecl 
YoUubomber 
BERKELEY -UCB officials 
have linked two unsolved 
explosions at Cory Hall to the 
evasive Unabomber. Officials 
have placed the campus 
community on alert by issuing 
notices, encouraging employ-
ees to be on the lookout for 
suspicious-looking packages 
and distributing instructions to 
mail handlers and building 
coordinators. Although a 
computer science professor 
was severely injured in a 1982 
explosion, and a graduate 
student was similarly injured in 
a 1985 explosion, no fatalities 
resulted from either incident. 

- The Daily Californian 

Profeuor Char ... 
Students for Review 
SAN DIEGO-Several SDSU 
students enrolled in Professor 
William Sherrard's Informa-
tion & Decision Systems class 
say that he charged them $5 
each to attend his own 
midterm-exam review session. 
Sherrard said he conducted the 
review after hearing students' 
complaints about the cost of 
A+ professional reviews. Each 
of the company 's six to eight-
hour-long review sessions 
costs $35 and seating is 
limited. Sherrard said he made 
no money from the review, 
since students had to make 
their checks payable to an on-
campus organization serving 
business majors. 

- The Daily Aztec 

• 

nATURE: Professor 
Patricia Churchland steps 
out of the armchair and 
takes her philosophy to the 
Arctic • 

lPORTI: Women's water 
polo defeated cross-town 
rival SDSU in Friday's 
match-up 20 

, H u 

UCSANDIEGO MONDA Y, MAY 1, 1995 

Mark Patterson/Guardian 
Marshall sophomore Ronny Katz reads off nam .. of victims who died durin. the World 
War II Holocaust. The daylonl event was sponsored by the Union of Jewish Students. 

UCSD Pays llibute 
To Holocaust Victims 
REMEMBRANCE: VJS 
sponsors day-long reading of 
Holocaust victims' names 
By Meera Pal 
Staff Writer 

As part of Holocaust Remembrance Week, 
the names of those who died during the Holo-
caust were read last Thursday at the Sun God 
lawn in an event sponsored by the Union of 
Jewish Students (UJS). 

According to UJS Vice President David 
Shapiro, the reading of the victims' names was 
intended to "let people become aware of what 
happened ... [and] have them realize that six 
million Jews ... perished at the hands of the 
Nazis." 

In addition to the commemorative reading, 
UJS organized a slide show displaying different 
concentration camps and a lecture by a Holo-
caust survivor last week. . 

UJS members said that reading the victims' 
names is a good way to make people feel closer 
to the Holocaust. 

"I thought it would be a meaningful experi-
ence," said Biology Professor and UJS faculty 
advisor Melvin Green, who participated in the 

memorial. "It would connect me more to the 
actual Holocaust. I wanted to feel something 
[and] not just think about it." 

Although it occurred over 50 years ago, many 
students said they feel very strong connections 
to the Holocaust. 

"The people who died during the Holocaust 
deserve to be remembered," said Marshall fresh-
man Bethany Taubman, a member of UJS. "Their 
lives were cut short, [but] ... I believe that they 
can live on through me." . 

Muir freshman Christopher Roberts, who 
attended the reading, said he was extremely 
moved when he visited concentration camps in 
Prague during a trip to the Czech Republic last 
summer. 

"When we got there we were just checking 
the place out," said Roberts. "Pretty soon ... we 
were all just on our knees crying in a circle ... It 
was very powerful." 

Revelle freshman Chad Dodson said that 
education is necessary to prevent such an atroc-
ity from occuring again. 

"Somebody should pay attention to what 
happened to make sure that it doesn't happen 
again," said Dodson. "Because of one man's 
hate and one man's ignorance, six million people 
were put to death." 

c 5 

VOLUME 85, ISSUE 9 

Revelle College 
Reschedules 
Elections for 
Next Week 
DISPUTE: Grievance filed 
against Revelle dean alleges 
interference with elections 
By Nina Boulhton 
Staff Writer 

Revelle's College Council (RCC) has re-
scheduled its council elections for May 10 after 
a grievance was filed against Revelle College 
Dean Renee Barnett for allegedly interfering in 
the student elections. 

Revelle Senior Senator Aaron Lipner said 
he filed the grievance because Barnett extended 
the original election application deadline with-
out informing the entire college. The applica-
tions were due April 3 at 4 p.m., but that 
evening, Barnett extended the deadline until 9 
a.m. the next morning. 

"I don 'tthink it was fair," said Lipner. "Some 
people she knew personally were told, and not 
the whole campus. Ten extra students were put 
on [the ballot] after she talked to them." 

Lipner said he also filed the grievance be-
cause Barnett was unapologetic for her actions. 

"What bothered me the most is that she 
didn't think her tampering was a big deal," said 
Lipner. "I thought [her reactions] were grossly 
unfair and I wasn ' t going to allow that to hap-
pen." 

According to Lipner, the grievance asked 
that the election results be voided and that the 
candidate who had filed her application by the 
first deadline be allowed to take a position on 
the council. It also requested that Barnett be 
reprimanded by her superiors. 

Jaime Drozd, co-chair of the Revelle Elec-
tions Committee, said the committee decided 
the election should be held again because there 
was a doubt as to whether it was fair. 

"Our main goal was to respect the elector-
ate," said Drozd. "We also wanted to make sure 
there was a fair chance for [students] to tum 
their applications in. We could never be sure if 
another person wanted to turn an application in 
that [17] hours, so we thought it would be fair to 
have another election." 

RCC Chair James Lin said that cOuncil mem-
bers agreed that some of Revelle College'S 
election by-laws had been violated. 

See GRIEVANCE, Page 2 

AS. Debates Voter -Thmout Requirements for Fee Referenda 
ELECnONS: 
Committee proposes 40 
percent student turnout 
By Nina Bouahton 
Staff Writer 

A.S. President Carla Tesak will 
write a letter today on behalf of the 
council opposing election by-law 
changes recommended by the Stu-
dent Regulation and Revision Com-
mittee (SRRC). 

The SRRC proposed that a 40-
percent turnout with a 67 -percent 
affirmative vote be required to pass 

any fee referendum for student-
funded facilities. 

SRRC member Patrick Carroll-
Burke said that committee members 
felt, in light of the RIMAC special 
referendum of 1990, it was too 
simple for the administration to pass 
fee increases. 

According to Carroll-Burke, it 
was argued that student government 
organizations did not have as many 
resources to get people to vote as the 
administration. 

"It was very, very easy for the 
administration to impose taxes on 
students," said Carroll-Burke. "(We] 

don 't think it 's fair for 10 or 15 
percent of students to raise a fee for 
1 00 percent of students. .. that was 
the logic [of this proposal]." 

Although the SRRC recom-
mended a stiffer percentage of sup-
port for student-funded facilities, 
some committee members were in 
favor of retaining the current 20-
percent mandate. 

Carroll-Burke said those mem-
bers believe it is already hard enough 
to pass fee referenda with the cur-
rent regulations. 

Tesak said she opposes the rec-
ommendation because the higher 

turnout requirements make passing 
referenda impossible. If a facilities 
fee, such as the University Center's 
$37.50 fee, needed to be raised to 
maintain the upkeep of existing 
buildings, Tesak said it could not be 
passed with a40-percent voter-turn-
out requirement. 

"(This was] done in a brazen, 
open attempt to stop aU fee refer-
enda," said Tesak. "This regulation 
makes passing these types of refer-
enda practically impossible." 

Tesak said that UCSD has never 
seen a voter turnout of 40 percent in 

See TURNOUT, Paae 3 



2 NEWS 

College Club Eyes 
National Marketplace 
VOICE MAIL: San Diego-based College Club gears 
up for expansion after success at UCSD 
M.rI.nne VIlli 
Associate News Editor 

Whit began as a class project 
over seven years ago is now a cut-
ting-edge software and communi-
cation corporation on the verge of 
taking its services to hundreds of 
campuses around the state. 

Serving as College Club's alpha 
test site, UCSD was the first univer-
sity to offer its students use of the 
system last year. This year, College 
Club's services are being offered at 
UCSD, San Diego State, University 
of San Diego and 10 other colleges 
in San Diego County. Next year, 

College C1ubwill be 
found at over 200 
schools in Califor-
nia, according to 
College Club 
spokesfleople. 

College Club, 
whose representa-
tives have been dis-
tributing informa-
tion packets to stu-
dents for the last two 
years, offelJ a range 
of voice-mail ser-
vices, as well as dis-
counts to over 1,100 
San Diego stores 
and restaurants. 
Taking voice-mail 
to a higher level, 
CollegeCluballows 
students to enter"in-
terest codes" which 
put them on the 
voice-mail list of 
any student organi-
zation from which 
they wish to receive 
information. In ad-
dition, I student who 
is interested in an 

"W.wantto 
glv. stud.nt. a 
chanceto •• t 
togeth.r ... and 
toglv • . 
stud.nt .... a 

A new service 
this year is the "Vir-
tual College Town," 
which offers stu-
dents access to 
banks, radio stations 
and airlines. It also 
gi ves students ac-
cess to information 
about album re-
leases,environmen-
tal issues and retail 
store sales, as well 
as news, jokes and 
horoscopes. 

volc •• " Students can also 
-Mlclulel Poult! receive a free 800 

number on which ~ounder. College Ctub friends and family 
activity such as mountain biking 
could organize a trip by sending a 
voice-mail message to every stu-
dent who has indicated an interest in 
mountain biking. 

"Before, the alternative was to 
go into a class of 300 people and 
yell," said College Club co:founder 
Michael Pousti. "We want to give 
students a chance to get together as 
a group and to give students as a 
whole a voice." 

College Club was founded in 
1988 by four UCSD students who 
worked together on a class project 
designed to promote communica-
tion between students and their sur-
rounding communities. 

After discovering a demand for 
increased communication, the en-
trepreneurs set out to "design the 
most advanced interactive voice sys-
tem available and then find funding 
for it," said Pousti. 

The funding came from several 
San Diego corporations, which Pousti 
said were responding to President 
George Bush's call for the private 
sector to help education. In addition, 
private citizens and "a coupleofliltle 
old ladies" gave donations for the 
establishment of the company. 

The company's engineers set out 
to design what the founders describe 
as a system which has no equal. The 
College Club system, which uses all 
original software and mostly origi-
nal hardware, was completed In 
1993. 

can leave messages. 
The cost of College Club varies 

according to the size of the college 
and the number of services offered, 
but, according to Pousti, a basic rate 
for a medium-sized university is 
about $10,000 per month. The ser-
vice is paid for by the associated 
students of different colleges. 

According to Academic Rela-
tions team-member Amanda 
Rochios, UCSD will always receive 
College Club services free because 
the ASUCSD has been supportive 
of the project from the beginning. In 
addition, UCSD will be the first to 
sample any new ideas which Col-
lege Club engineers might envision. 

"The rest of the nation will get 
the new systems according to how 
much UCSD liked it," said Pousti. 

College Club employs approxi-
mately 50 workers, with the expec-
tation of hiring up to 400 new em-
ployees to handle next year's ex-
pansion. Employees work in one of 
22 teams in which decisions are 
made solely through voting. "We 
wanted to remove the ego from 
work," said Pousti. 

The company is made up almost 
entirely ofUCSD students or gradu-
ates with an average age of 24. 

College Club's founders hope 
that their idea will not be commer-
cialized by large companies. 

"This was designed to be a tool 
to allow students ... a voice," said 
Pousti. 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, MlY 1, 1995 

ETCETERA. • • 
CALVIN a HOBBES by Bill Watterson 

-... 

GRIEVANCE: 
Continued from .,..e 1 

"The deadline was extended 
by (17] hours and that was not 
supposed to happen," said Lin. 
"[There's) some validity in the 
grievance, so that 's why we de-
cided to hold the elections again." 

Lin added, however, that he 
felt Lipner filed the grievance · 
partly for personal reasons. 

"If this senator did not have 
the personal feelings he had to-
wards the dean, I believe this 
grievance wouldn't have been 
filed," said Lin. 

Barnett said she decided to ex-
tend the deadl i ne because she was 
worried about the lack of student 
participation. 

"I think that extending oppor-
tunities for students to be involved 
is [a] larger concern than ... tech-
nicalities," said Barnett. 

Barnett addressed Lipner 's 
charges in a memo to the RCC on 
April 11 . 

uI do not think that my actions 
were 'unethical' or 'unprofessional, ' 
as Aaron had indicated in his griev-
ance, since I made an administrative 
decision and was endeavoring to 
e~tend the opportunity to more stu-
dents at Revelle to run for one of the 
six elected positions," stated Barnet!. 
"There was absolutely no malice or 
unjust motives for doing so!" 

Barnell said, however, that she 
supported the RCC 's decision to 
rehold the council elections. Barnett 
added she wilJ allach a leller to the 
election information explaining why 
the election is being reheld. 

"The council, and 1 think right-
fully so, wanted to open it up to have 
any student [participate)," said 
Barnett. "I wanted to address [the 
grievance) ina fairway as well so we 
could move on." 

11m TIME, TR,( ~ DR.~':' 
\iF wt>.1Bt ""~\) 
A ~'fI \)£H 

llR£AU\S . 

Revelle College Provost Tho-
mas Bond also said that he sup-
ported the RCC's decision. 

"The dean of the college made 
a mistake," said Bond. "She's ac-
knowledged [it). I think the prob-
lem has been solved by having a 
separate election, The Revelle 
College Council responded in the 
right way." 

Bond said that the request to 
reprimand Barnett was being 
taken under consideration, but he 
declined to discuss it publicly be-
cause it is a personnel issue. 

Drozd said the ballots, the can-
didate information and the dean's 
explanation letter will be sent by 
mail to Revelle College students. 
Ballots can be cast on May 10 at a 
Revelle location as yet to be de-
termined. 

Student lD's will be required 
at the polls to prevent ballot-stuff-
ing. 

Come Run With the Big Dogs 
The Guardian is now accepting applications for all 1995-96 

editorial staff positions, including editor in chief_ 

Bring your resume, clips and cover letter to our office, Room 217 
of the Old Student Center, or call 534-6580 for more information. 

BRENT JOHNSON, Associate Opinion Editor 
FRANCISCO DEVRIES, Features Editor 

TEDD LADD, Sports Editor 

MuZhik, Mark Patterson 
COl'\' llEAD£IIS: John Murphy. Jenny Sante'ian 
TYl'IST: CrIStina Gunman 
ADVEltnSlNG 'NTEIIN: Joe Pan 
ClilCULA TlON ASSISTAHTS: Pablo Mancuy. Ethan Martinez. David ROdcers 

IlrUCSOGuardianllpuliWdMOnd8y$ and~~I1\eICldelNc~ b\'1I1CI Io<11\e_ 
of UCSO. ~ of Uil_ ~ rrt form. wheItef ~ _ or In port. without pemisslon 15 
SUIcW IJII)IIIbIIecI. 0 1995, all ~ I!ser.ed. Ilr UCSD _II no! respontilile "" 1111 I!Wm of 
lII5OIk:I1ed....,saI!>tS or art. The ...... 0lIjIHMd In PII1!iCS and sip1e<lletlers or conrnenta1es do 
not rocowrI~ ~ 1111 opnlOn$ of Ilr UCSO ~ the IJrWersity of CaIiIomIa or 1111 
ASsoaMed StuOerIs. Ilr UCSO ~ is funded solely by achertiSillC- 100 bad Ill' WiIion i",\ 

DOUG ALEXANDER, Editor in Chief 
SIMONE MIWR, Copy Editor 

JONNA PALMER, Associate News Editor 
MARtANNE VIGIL, Associate News Editor 

BEN ELGIN, Associate News Editor 
ANNA VAISMAN, Opinion Editor 

DAN KRAFT, Associate Sports Editor 
JEFF NtESEt.., Hiatus Editor 

YAKOV ZOLOTOREV, Pt1oto Editor 
CHUCK NGUYEN, Associate Photo Editor 

DOMtNIC LOBBIA, Graphics Editor 
JEFF LARSEN, Design Editor 

WARREN HO , Production Manager 
SUIIOII STAFF WIIITIJtS: Karen Chenc. Ivan Delventhal. Erik Johnson, Oan 
Sweeney 
STAFF WR.TEIIS: Amlt Asar .... ala. Nina Bouchton. Peter Chanco Derek van 
Holten, Jenny Lind, ROb Levinson. Terry Lew, Jeremey Malamed , Heather McRea. 
Meera Pal. Sean Rahlml 
EDlTOIIIAl ASSISTANT: Terry Lew 
IUUSTlIATOIIS: Mleha Crolt. Natnan Erlin. Mike Ibay. Paula Lee, Rich Yumul 
DiIIGHEIIS: Matthew Baldwin. Brenna Latham 
I'HOTOORA,"EIIS; Timothy Chen, Catherine HlrOI. Julie MunSlerman. Heidi 

BOB DeANDREA, Business Office Manager 
MIKE MARTINEZ, Advertising and Art Director 

RITHYA TANG, Advertising Assistant 
TARA EOFF, Ad Layout, Design and Traffic 

JOHN BARBER. Act Layout and Des/gil 

Editorial: 534-6580. News/Features: 534·5226. 
Opinion/Spans: 534-6582, Hiatus: 534-6583 

Business Office: 534-3466. Fax: 534-7691 
E·mail : lIuardlanOweber.ucsd.edu 

UCSD Guardian, 9500 Gilman Drive 0316 
La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 ' 

AcIuellOCetion: 5econ<I Floor. UCSO Student Center EkJ lldinc ·4 '. Rm. 217 

Monday, May 1, 1995 

TURNOUT: 
Continued from .,.,. 1 
any election. She added that only 
twice in Ihe last 17 years had the 
voter turnout been above 20 per-
cent. 

Tesak said she supports either a 
2O-percent turnout requirement or 
the average voter turnout over the 
previous three years, whichever is 
lower. She said she also supports a 
two-thirds mandate to pass student 

. fee referenda. According to Tesak, 
her proposal would make passing 
fees difficult but not impossible. 

Incoming A.S. President Naomi 
Falk agrees with the two-thirds rule, 
bul said voter turnout requirements 
should not be lowered. 

"[We) shouldn', try forthe low-
est amount," said Falk. "If we don't 
gel enough voters, we're not doing 
our jobs. 

"If the problem is educating vOI- · 
ers, we'll have a campaign to edu-
cate the voters," added Falk. 

Tesak said that she will also rec-
ommend abolishing special elec-
tions. She said Ihey should not be 
necessary because anyone who asks 
students to raise their fees should 
have enough foresight to plan ahead 
for the primary election in spring. 

The UCSD Guardian 

Lights 
Sirens·-. .-. 

SUnay, AprIl 23 
1:15 p.m_: OffICers detained a 38-

year~ld male noo-affiliate at Gilman 
Dr. and Russell Lane for being drunk 
in public. Transported to Detox. 
':17 p.m.: Units and paramedics 
responded to a 19-year-old female 
student hyperventilating at Tenaya 
Hall. Refused treatment. 
McInUy, AprIl 24 
7:35 a_ ... : A white '91 Ford Probe 
struck a pedestrian at Voigt Dr. and 
Equality Lane. Pedestrian suffered 
pain in her left thigh. Did not seek 
medical treatment. 
T ....... y, AprIl 25 
12:48 •. m.: OffICers arrested a 44-

year~ld male noo-affiliate for illegal 
lodging at the Spanos facility. Cited, 
released, and ordered off campus 
for seven days. 
Wednesdly, AprIl 26 
12:25 _.m.: OffICers arrested a 24-

year~ld male noo-affillate at Naga 
Way for being drunk in public. Trans-
ported to County Jail after being 
rejected by Detox. 
Thursuy, AprIl 27 
4:00 p.m.: A student reported the 
theft of a red '89 Jeep Cherokee 

from Lot 102. Loss: $8,000. 
FrlUy, AprIl 28 
5:02 __ m_: Officers arrested a 39-
year-old female I'"IOO-affiliate at Lebon 
Dr. for two misdemeanor warrants 
for soliciti~ prostitution and being 
under the influence of a controlled 
substance. Transported to Las 
Colinas Detention Facility. Vehicle 
towed and stored at Star Towing. 
1'.20 _.m.: An employee filed a re-
port concerning a ·suspicious pack· 
age. delivered to the Ola Scripps 
Building. 
s.tunt.y, AprIl 29 
5:08 __ m.: OffICers arrested a 27-
year~ld male non-affiliate for unlaw-
ful posseSSion of a controlled su~ 
stance, possession of less than 28.5 
grams of marijuana. and posseSSion 
of drug paraphernalia at the Torrey 
Pines Glider Port. Transported to 
County Jail. 

Lights & Sirens is a selection of 
entries compiled from the UCSD 
Police Department log book. 

- Compiled by Terry Lew, 
SbffWrtte, 

B E PREPARED 
Preparation begins with qutstions and answtrS_ Questions seem easy, but often don't get asked. 
We believe the earlier and more often you ask questions, the sooner and better the answers. 
Who will write your letters of recommendation? 

Which 01 your past, cumnt, or future prolesson will write you re(ornrnendations~ Do they know your intent? 
Letters come from three sO\lrces: I) Academic Profs (often 2 science, I nonscience), 2) Research SourttS, and 
3) OinicaVOther Professionals. Demonstrate your competence, convnitmelt, initiatift, and integrity. 

Where will you get your clinical experience? Will it involve primary care? 
Primi[J Care Medicine (Family "ed, Internal "ed, Ob/Gyn, Pediatria, and Geriatria) ~ the area of greatest 
physician need, and undersemd communities (often served by dinia) haft the greatest primary care need_ 
Will you seek out long ttnn (l + yean) medical experience in a dinic, hos~taI, prteeptonhip, etel 

Will you do research? Whose lab? What problems are you interested in? 
Labworlc is often tedious and slow-going_ It makes all the difference in !he wodd if you are in a lab with 
people you lib, worlcing on a problem that txatts you. Get the faculty activities directories for the institutions 
you are interested in. Talk to grad students and postdocs in various labs before convnitting. Attend group 
meetings or journal dubs if you can, to see who's doing what, and who you "connect" with. 

How ~ll you keep your grades up? How does each of your professors grade? 
What does your professor stnss on his/her tests~ Text? Lecture~ An you using the experts (TA office hn) 
to review the text/do extra problemsr Do you have old tests to practice withr What is your study planr 

Who will prep you for the August MeAT? When will you begin? 
Mastering the MCAT requires fluency in JlI the fundamental concepts of lint-year physia. bio, general chem, 
and a good deal of organ it How long has it been since you had these coursesr An there any rough spotsr 

Wh~t course will give you the bnt preparationr (all around and compare. Our intensive 42 muting. 9 week 
coune begins lune 18th, but you can start reviewing with our Home Prep Pack April 17th. 

Be Prepared. Enrolling D.QW for Aug. '95 

Come visit usl 
Mon-FrI, 10am-2pm 

PROFESSIONAL 

PREP COURSEN 
U Village Prof Ctr, #1131 

MeAT Preparation. 

9am-1lpm 

A. 1455-1000 · • 800 MD-BOUND 
.L..I .... .... ~ .... ~ ... ____ ... _ ... 

/" 711 VLJIII:'I ·'lII:'t::Il ., III ·/i-J .~~ ~~ ~ JlWnw I1''STlMETO GEfSERIOUS HOUT THE TEST." ;;;I 

NEWS 3 

GET YOUR VIP CARD TONIGHT - Irs EASY AND TAKES JUST 5 MINUTESI 

SOMETHING FOR EVERYONE! 
fill (CMII CHAIGl and 1IOMJ.()f-THE-1M TIfAT/IIINI' AT AU. TOP teCIHTa.WS 
ncUdire ~,Ckb5lh"'\IE, Croce's. Bnl, Moose's. DIIilyPlonet, EIe;twt .... Comedy 
Skn, Cilb MIK. Ibn Crazy rod men. 
FIll HMTAl.S (surfboards, boogie boards. kayaks, Rollerbtades and more .. . ) FlU 
ADMISSIONS It QZAR, Malibu Grand Prix, CyberMind. Virtual Wold, MI. Paint Ball, Bahia 
kite .nd morel 
FlU SIlVICIS (automotM:, hair and tamins saions) SAVE IIG AT 0VEl1OO TOP 
.ISIMISSIS ncUdire restauarts. theme psIcs. TowerVIdrJo. mcMe thalres, coffuhouse, 
hotds, Ful8i1oe Cemr, retait shops. limousm and -' 

BUY 1, GIT 1 FRill :::.'" 
Melllben NCeiW'c • penoneIzed VIP ani, color dftctICIry end • "Club MI,.zInc" 
tubtcrIpaoi •• A totII pecIrI!Je WOIUi __ $1.000.00. 
GoIlfoo_fWUS ond _ __ ••• cAlfI' 
diocaIU.OdIJ~~(do "MIA ~r-~ 
net lind a.tI~ add S3 PIOC~ CALI'O 

,,",~~nj"'lCCII*d. 
or WI _ • 4502 Ca !R<oI. 
SURI!06. _e..cn, CA 92109 
(1ocoIod .... ) Opon -rdly, 
*'--. Sill OrIRlt. 
'Oller ccpires 5115195 

Now ENROWNG: SAN DIEGO'S #1 COURSE FOR mE 

OofaMJ/o. !101fT Reg,/eaJ 
, ServIng the UCSD pre-medlcal community alnce 1985 

* M.D.'s TRAINING M.D.'s-OF-THE-FuruRE * 
-INTENSIYE MeAT preparation & medical school application/ 

admissions assistance are all we do! 
- MCAT EXPERTS: an independent program taught by UCSD-trained 

academic M.D.'s, top M.D.-Pb.D. candidates, & English Depanment 
Ph.D. faculty. 

- 0RlGINATQ& not simulator, of inlensive MeAT prep in San Diego. 
- 10 WEEKS (150+ hours) of detailed in-class instruction & real MeAT 

lesting, problem solving, reading/writing workshops, review groups, 
med scbool application & admissions strategies, & tutoring. 

- 2000 PAGES of original take-home review notes, reading & writing 
studyguides, MeAT & admissions strategy handouts, problem sets, & 
MeAT -qualily limed practice exams. 

-REAL MCAT TESTING for in-class & take-bome practice. 
- D1BEO' CONTAcr with young UCSD docs & med students. 
• TUfOBING, pre-med library & med scbool application help included. 
- ON CAMPUS at the UCSD School of Medicine 
- WWEB rumoN tban other courses. 

1~~I;U].'~Ul"tD 456.8488 



4 OPINION , 

Wilson can't run a 
country if he 
can't run a state 
By Christine Baine 
Staff Writer 

In 1994, while campaigning for a 
second 1 !rm as governor, Pete Wilson 
indulge<- in a notarious political prac-
tice kno\\ n as the campaign promise. 
Politicians say what the public wants 
to hear at the time, yet they have no 
intention of delivering these promises 
once they are elected. Everyone knows 
tax hikes are inescapable, and we don ' t 
really hold it against a politician for 
promising to circumvent something as 
inevitable as dealh. However, Wilson has 
spun himself a much stickier web than most 
with a campaign promise he imprudently 
made. 

Generally speaking, Wilson promised his 
California constituents he would not make a bid 
for the presidency during his tenure as governor. 
His declaration was prompted by repeated inquir-
ies by the media, which could smell his presiden-
tial ambition a mile away. Wilson knew he had to 
calm nervous Californians who did not want to 
be abandoned as soon as something better came 
along. 

When asked about the possibility of Wil-
son entering the presidential race, Wilson 's 
campaign manager, George Gorton, assured, 
"The governor said as recently as Wednesday 
[November 9, 1994] that nothing has changed. 
I take him at his word that nothing has 
changed." 

Surprise, surprise - just a month ago, Wilson 
invited a few supporters to the Howard Jarvis 
Taxpayers Association in Los Angeles to an-
nounce his intention to form an "exploratory com-
mittee" to look into his prospects as a runner in 
the presidential race. Just a couple weeks later, 
he announced his campaign for presidency, say-
ing that the government has "lost track of the bed-
rock values upon which we've built this coun-
try." It seems keeping one's word is not included 
in these "bedrock values." 

Wilson imagines himself to be the po-
litical savior of this country. He was 
quoted by the LosAnge/es Times as say-
ing, "I'm convinced ... we have not 
just an opportunity, but a duty to 
bring .. . change to the entire nation." 
Wilson exhibits the self-righteous at-
titude that he alone can uplift this coun-
try to a golden-age height. 

Examining California, it is evident that 
Wilson's policies lead to no such utopia. In his 
desire to reward those who adhere to the Prot-
estant work ethic and to the law, Wilson wants 
to slash the welfare system nationwide. He wants 
to protect our borders from illegal intruders as 
well, meaning he would like to make Proposi-
tion 187 federal law. As a part of his "bedrock 
values" theme, Wilson is also stressing the val-
ues of "right" and "wrong," depicting them in 
black-and-white terms. But punishing the dis-
advantaged of society, regardless of citizenship, 
will not instill values of right and wrong. It 

See UAR, Page 6 

The UCSD Guardian 

PINION 
Monday, May I, 1995 

The governor has 
put himself in a 

no---win situation 
By Derek ven Hoften 
Staff Writer 

The year is 2000 and the presidential 
election is approaching. The Republican 
Party has its greatest and most widespread 
support ever. Six years of successful re-
form through Congress have won the con-
fidence of the nation. After an eight-year 
absence from the White House, the GOP 
recognizes that its opportunity is imminent. 
With the right presidential candidate, the 
party is assured a spot in the executive of-

fice. 
Pete Wilson had completed a second 

productive gubernatorial term in Califor-
nia. With a strong backing in the most im-

portant state, Wilson appears to be the per-
fect candidate at the perfect time. His moder-

ate stance on many issues will secure signifi-
cant Democratic votes, while still carrying the 
majority of his own party. Wilson 's time has 
arrived. 

But the year is not 2000 - it 's 1995, and 
Wilson has jumped Ihe gun. By announcing his 
candidacy for the 1996 presidential race, Wil-
son .has not only misjudged the Republican cli-
mate, but he has done potentially irreparable 
damage to his repulation. During the race for 
governor last year, Wilson promised he would 
fulfill his four-year term. Yet, just a few months 
into his second term, he has broken his prom-
ise. 

Beyond the harm done to his image, Wilson 
has created a host of other problems as well. 
Should he win the election, he would leave the 
governor's office in the hands of Lt. Gov. Gray 
Davis, a Democrat, thereby disregarding the will 
of the people who voted a Republican into of-
fice. Even if Wilson should lose, which early 
polls indicate will happen, he will have wasted 
his time campaigning rather than doing his job. 
By all barometers, Wilson 's decision indicates 
either poor judgment or disregard for Califor-
nians' welfare. 

Polls taken by The San Diego Union-Tri-
bune show that Wilson 's broken prom-

ise has scared away voters from both 
parties. Surprisingly, over 50 percent 
of Republicans disapprove of Wilson 's 
decision to run. Even more indicative, 
however, is that only 22 percent of San 

Diego Republicans said they intend to 
vote for Wilson, the former mayor of the 

city. Considering the city 's history of voting Re-
publican as well as supporting the governor, San 
Diego should be Wilson 's stronghold. But 80 
percent of those polled said their opi nion of Wil-
son has worsened due to his campaign lie. 

Though Wilson won many Democratic votes 
last November, 65 percent of Democrats disap-
~ prove of his decision to run. A large portion of 
~ Democrats opted for Wilson last year, simply as 
~ . an alternative to Kathleen Brown. But Wilson's 
~ fib would compel those votes to switch back to 
( the other side. 
! Many Republicans disapprove of Wilson's de-

See CAMPAIGN, Page 6 

Monday, May 1,1995 The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

ASE MEMBERS ARE LUCKY TO HAVE JOBS AT ALL 
EdJIor: 

I had the misfortune of having 
some business to do on campus, and 
while driving along La Jolla Village 
Dr., I was disturbed to see the lovely 
La Jolla landscape blighted by some 
extremely ugly, unkempt picketers 
who looked old enough to have real 
jobs. 

Upon closer inspection, I noticed 
that the shaggiest of the group was 
a UCSD student-for-Iife whom I 
recalled had been involved in a par-
ticularly moronic incident a few 
years ago. 

He had written a letter protest-
ing the Guardian's running of an 
anti-abortion advertisement be-
cause a majority of UCSD students 
were pro-abortion. Apparently, he 
thought the First Amendment only 
applied to those who agree with the 
majority. 

His cause t.his time is equally idi-
otic. Graduate students want more 
money - from a university which 
has no money - for a job for which 
they are already grossly overcom-
pensated. lfthey don't like the pay, 
they should quit. There are plenty 
of students willing to take their 
places - and they might have bet-
ter hygiene. 

Ed Wagner 

Earthday Offered a 
Chance to get Involved 
Editor: 

In response to co mplai nts about 
Earthday no longer being act ively 
involved in clea ning up the environ-
ment - wro ng. This is what edu-
cation is all about. 

SERVING UCSD for 14 years! 

We had student organizations 
and off-campus groups come to the 
campus Earthday celebration at the 
Hump so that people could find out 
how to get involved. If one had lis-
tened to the people who spoke be-
tween the band's music, one would 
have found out what is wrong with 
the environment and some sugges-
tions on how to fix it. There are so 
many ways to become active, and 
our Earthday event was one way to 
get involved. 

The Student Environmental Ac-
tion Coalition (SEAC) will not ac-
tively search people out to get in-
volved; rather, we encourage volun-
teer participation and new ideas on 
how to do something good for the 
community, locally and nationally. 
We have plenty of projects, so just 
ask us. 

Satu Lanon 
Student Environmental 

Action Coalition 

Uberals Are Hou ....... 
CrItJcs of GoV .... ment 
Editor: 

Aside from the ghastly tragedy 
of the Oklahoma bombing itself, 
perhaps the scariest result of the at-
tack has been the mobilization of 
the liberal establishment against 
any and all critics of big govern-
ment. 

Liberal media and pol iticians are 
claiming that those who dislike big 
government lit the fuse which re-
sul ted in the bombi ng. 

All those opposing high taxes, 
supporting the Second Amendment 
or denouncing such disasters as the 

.If!!!!jl ACURA mazda Hyundai 
't7 G_ ~ I8UZU kura DIJIIaIg 

Excellent references from our 

Minor Tune Up Special 
Ow...,. up 1Iu;I.,.. • lot _III." oIh __ 1t 1nt:Iu .. : 

&caders' Forum 
TIle Guardian welCome. letters IIId Comtnetl-
tn. hom ItJ ,,/Mlers. All letters must be no 
IOnfM tIIMI rtne ".., typed, dOIJblfl.SD««I 
8fI(/ ",,,.11. Letters should .tSQ COIII.n , 

~ number. ~ re_.- the /IfIIt to fI(//t 
for /enfIh MId cllrlty. L'IIMI.IIIIY be Ikopped 
off It 1M Guardl.n offICe on the second floor 
of 1M Old StulJent Center (,." MIoIe IIIfI Gen-/If. Store Co-op). Send,1I /etlers to: 

Tne Gu.rdlan 
Opinion EI1ItOl 

9500 Gilmlln Dr. 0316 
L, Joll •• CA 9209J.0316 

FIX: (619) 534-7691 
lNn.i l: fUMdlllnf#weber.ucsd.edu 

Waco massacre have been hysteri-
cally lumped together by the liber-
als as being spiritual accomplices 
in the terrorist attack. The media 
and politicians claim that if the crit-
ics weren't so stringent in our op-
position to the all-powerful govern-
ment, such tragedies would not 
happen. 

These leftists are using the same 
techniques as their old nemesis Joe 
McCarthy, who smeared all liberals 
by claiming that they were part of a 
vast communist conspiracy. But the 
real hypocrisy appears when terror-
ists whom the lefties support attack 
our society. 

Consider the Los Angeles race 
riot. In response to an unpopular 
verdict exonerating the pol ice in 

the Rodney King beating, thou-
sands of people of color rioted for 
several days, killed dozens of in· 
nocent citizens, caused billions of 
dollars in damage and carried out 
a systematic pogrom against Ko-
rean businesses reminiscent of 
Jewish persecution through the 
ages. 

And what was the liberal re-
sponse? Why, we must remedy the 
concerns of these rioters, who, af-
ter all, are just victims of oppres-
sion. The media made heroes out 
of LA. gang members, interview-
ing these Neanderthals at length 
while expressing fawning admira-
tion. 

The government poured bil-
lions of dollars in aid into L.A., 
creating an artificial building 
boom which sometimes rewarded 
the rioters with jobs. The police-
men in the Rodney King beating 
who initially were found innocent 
faced double jeopardy so that they 
could be found guilty in a federal 
kangaroo court to appease the ri-
oters and their media supporters. 
Most of the arrested rioters got off 
with lillie or no punishment, in-
cluding those who smashed a 
victim 's head on national televi-
sion. 

The liberal lesson for us is clear. 
Terrorist attacks by groups favored 
by the left are to be rewarded with 
government kowtowing to their 
demands. 

In contrast, a terrorist attack ap-
parently committed by some right 
wing wacko who th inks the gov-
ernment sewed a computer chip 
into his butt is an excuse to blame 

all advocates of limited govern-
ment. 

Jobn Murpby 

Clinton .. ' ..... 
AdY..taCe ttllIoInbIIC 
Editor: 

Using every tragedy as a 
chance to advance his agenda, 
President Clinton is once again 
declaring war on the American 
people and their constitutional 
rights. The saddest part of this is 
that the Republicans are falling for 
it as well. 

The Contract with America 
was a good beginning. Now, the 
best thing the Republicans can do 
is continue with an agenda which 
will bring health back to the U.S. 
economy and rights back to the 
individual. 

Reacting either to tragedy or 
to Clinton is unnecessary and 
harmful to a populace which 
hoped to choose a road other than 
"business as usual" last Novem-
ber. 

Do not pass this terrorist legis-
lation. Our police forces have the 
power they need and use it too 
heavy-handedly. Personally, I wish 
fast-track legislation would be 
eliminated. Legislation should al-
ways be carefull y drawn and 
widely debated before Congress 
vo tes on it. 

The ent ire American popula-
tion should no t be pun ished 
through eliminat ion of due pro-
cess because a few are commit· 
ting crimes. 

Lynn Hadler 

1. Spark pIuga 5. ChedI .nd replenilh .. rMd •. Chedc dulCh 
2. DialribulDr pain_ .nd olliev. II. Ch** Ugh_ 
3. Condenlora tI. Adjuat dwell angle 10. Chedc undIrc:arriIIge !Dr ~ 
4. Aqu.t timing 7. Ch** Ink. 11. Check cooling lyaIIIII.nd '-

12. AoId!let 

$69* 
Why have so many students taken such an innovative MCAT Preview course? The 
bottom line is that results are what matters, and no other course can claim as high a 
performance as The Berkeley Review®. Ask them for their scores! For the August 
MCAT scores that we have data available, our students achieved the following results: 

3S-point Major Service Special 
btr. fOl' fu« Injected. Our"../or tun..." 'nc""': 
1. Compr.-ion !let 
2. V .. ...."ent 

"'~: 3. VIIWI caver gMkeI 
(if needed) 
4. Spark plugs. 
5. DiatribllIOr pain .. 
tI. CondInIora, 
7. AWlllIt, 
• • Oil lilt, 
O. GIS llillf', and 
10. 8\gineoil 

11. Adju.t liming 
12. AdjUlt'" angle 
13. Adju.t Clrburftlr 
14. A4111111ir I fuel ,.tio 
miX1Ure 
15. AdjllllllMring box 
111. Adjllll clutch 
17. AdjUII brakN 
18. Adju.t etMrgency 
brakN 
10. Ch** & IdjIIst 
•• poIed belli 

20. Lube IIont end 
21. Chedc I replenilh .. 
ftllid I oil IeveII 
22. Check elec:lriclil 
IYI*"I 
23. Chedc !Dr Iaou , 

~boI. 
24. Check brakN 
25. Check dulch 
:le. Check ligh • 
27. cn** undlrcam.ge 
Iordlmlige 

"""" ". 21. Chedc .nd rec:haroe balleriea 
28. Rotate Iir. (if needed) 
30. Chedc tire ~"e 
31 . Lube door hingea 
32. Check .. hoIdeta 
33. Cheek coaling sysIIm I '-
30'. Ch** e.hauI! system 
35. Roedr.t 
_ .. _--_T_ 
...... _---_. 
.... ,.....--

$164* mplete Clutch Job Brake Job Special 
.. ,.-..: 1. 11 •• 111111 ""* 1IIaft_, FtotrI., _t . .,... job ..... : 

2. P_"", 5. PIoIIINmg 
3. Cluidl dIIC e ................. 01 
• . T'-4ll11Nmg 7. Road.I 

I. "*-. --' ,.. pella Of I. tIIMd .,.. ...... ~ 
1NIa' .. ,_.... I . ~ ... C ..... ) and 
2. 0rUI Old brill. fIoIII _ .... 

-...-,...---_ .. _--
--

3."-<I ......... 1IydNootIc 7·~"' __ C' 
.- -....... 
•. AelllIIPa* tIuIII I. Road .... 

Timing Belt Special 
Brlnd new pan .. Ask lbout our tpICIIls on eng In ... All our work has I 2-y. 

or 2O,ooo.m11l limbed WI"amy. AU prices Include parts and labor. 

OY8I'SeIS ~ 8008 Miramar Rd. 
IUIDmoIIve Rlpal,. . 695.1990 
•• d it • 6 6. WllhIl"lsad.~ 5/1~ c.a1at~.!J' 
TOWing and rental car dV,lIl"blc Mond"y·Fllday. 7.30 am·6 pm. Open Saturday. 

makes us so different from our competitors besides such great results We have 
'""lfQ"Gn,..tlng Instructors with years of teaching experience (not graduate students 
Iwork.in2 a part time job), weekly omce hours with each instructor (not just a few hours 
at the end), over one thousand practice passages that simulate the MCA T, practice 
exams throughout the course (not just the beginning and end). and tutoring from 
instructors and tutoring specialists (each week). Our scores are no accident; they are 
the result of hard work on both the part of our students and our staff. If you want to do 
great on the MeAT, take The Berkeley Re view . If you're a blockhead, don't. 

%.e 

~ .... B~~~~e 
Specializing in MeAT Preparation 



6 OPINION 

LIAR: 
Ignoring our state, 
channing others 
Continued from pace 4 
seems to be more of a fascist, na-
tionalistic and self-defeating way 
of dealing with those deemed "un-
American" by their illegal or un-
productive status. 

Disregarding the national impli-
cations of Wilson's candidacy for 
the moment, one possible ramifica-
tion for California is that it would 
be ignored. While Wilson charms 
other states into supporting him, 
California will most likely be left 
on the back burner. 

This state can't afford such aban-
donment. The Legislature will be-
come even more fractured than it 

CAMPAIGN: 
Bad tifning for 
perfect candidate 
Continued from pace 4 
cision because a successful cam-
paign would mean that Davis 
would take over as governor. This 
prospect hurts Wilson's chances 
doubly. First, it shows Republican 
voters that Wilson cares little for 
Californians, sticking them with a 
would-be Democratic governor 
whose views are diametrically op-
posed to Wilson's. Second, many 
Republicans would be inclined to 
vote against Wilson, simply to as-
sure that Davis does not become 

already is if Wilson is habitually ab-
sent. In 1991, California experi-
enced one of the longest budget 
battles in state history. The legis-
lature needs a strong governing 
presence to ensure this doesn't hap-
pen again. 

U . Gov. Gray Davis has already 
served as acting governor a total of 
31 days - one-third of Wilson's 
rrign so far this year. If Wilson is 
everywhere but his office prior to 
his announcement to form an ex-
ploratory committee, what will his 
absence rate be like when he actu-
ally begins campaigning? 

Wilson is also pushing to 
change the Califomia Constitution 
regarding the transition of power 
when the governor vacates the po-
sition.ln his initiative, Wilson pro-
poses a special election be held af-

governor. 
To contribute to his scarred 

reputation, Wilson has proposed a 
constitutional amendment which 
would prevent Davis from taking 
office, should Wilson win. The ini-
tiative would provide for a special 
election to fill the empty 
governor's office, rather than al-
lowing the lieutenant governor to 
assume the position. While this 
measure is commendable and long 
.overdue, its timing bodes poorly 
for Wilson. He k.new before declar-
ing his candidacy that current law 
would provide for Davis' ascen-
sion. But in his attempt to prevent 
it while campaigning, he has man-
aged only to paint an ugly picture 

The UCSD Guardian 

ter the governor leaves the office 
to determine the new office-holder. 
It seems Wilson is a little nervous 
about Republican backlash to his 
leaving his state open to Demo-
cratic control. 

It is rare for governors to win 
the presidential seat while they are 
in office. Bill Clinton was the first 
to do so since Franklin D. 
Roosevelt in 1932. But win or lose, 
the price these governors and their 
constituents must pay during the 
race is hefty. One horror story Cal .. 
fornians should consider is that of 
Massachusetts Gov. Michael 
Dukakis' bid for the presidency in 
1988. After losing the race, 
Dukakis retu rned to his governor's 
seat in Massachusetts only to find 
a huge state debt, despite his pre-
vious boasting of his ability to bal-

of himself belatedly trying to clean 
up his mess, while still plodding 
forward and tracking more mud 
along the way. 

This is not the first time Wilson 
has appeared opportunistic. San 
Diegans remember when Wilson 
was mayor and had repeatedly re-
sisted a large-scale housing project 
in North City West, only to endorse 
it when it offered financial rewards. 
Now, as Wilson puts personal goals 
over those of the state and retroac-
tively attempts to right a wrong, his 
image as an opportunist has become 
cemented. 

Wilson claims he would be more 
capable of helping California from 
the White House than Sacramento. 

ance nine budgets during his ten-
ure as governor. To clear the debt, 
Dukakis had to raise taxes by $700, 
shooting down his chances for re-
election. 

In addition to ignoring the vot-
ers who put him in office and risk-
ing what happened to Dukakis, 
Wilson is also manipulating the 
economic and political power of 
California to claim the presidency. 
As University of North Carolina 
Political Science Professor Thad 
Beyle has said, "Governors of big 
states have the ability to campaign 
for the presidency on the cheap. 
All Wilson has to do is win Cali-
fornia. If he wins that [the Cali-
fornia Republican primary], he's 
a player." 

The odds look good for Wil-
son. Before former President Ri-

He also argues that it is his duty to 
help the entire country, and not 
merely one state. PolIs show that the 
public doesn't buy Wilson's expla-
nation: Only 33 percent found it 
acceptable. 

But with such limited support 
within California, Wilson's 
chances look bleak. He has natu-
rally taken to the campaign trail 
outside the state, starting on the 
East Coast. While his reputation in 
the rest of the country may not be 
as tattered as it has become here at 
home, it 's only because no one 
knows who he is. 

Wilson's decision to run for 
president loses across the board. 
His reputation for breaking cam-

Monday, May 1, 1995 

chard Nixon died, he had pre-
dicted that Wilson would win the 
presidential election if he were 
reelected as governor of Califor-
nia. 

When Wilson made his prom-
ise not to enter the presidential race, 
the odds of his gubernatorial re-
election seemed to be stacked 
against him. Now that these odds 
have changed, he assumes it is easy 
to go back on his word. He should 
cut the bull about some higher 
sense of "duty" to the nation and 
admit he made a tactical error. Wil-
son assumes he's already ensured 
California's support because of his 
gubernatorial victory. However, he 
should not depend on the loyalty 
of Californians if he spends all of 
his time courting the favors of other 
states. 

paign promises will haunt him in 
California, if not nationally. The 
most regrettable aspect, however, 
is that Wilson would have been 
potentially the perfect Republi-
can nominee for 2000. His sup-
port of Proposition 187 and the 
upcoming bill to end affirmative 
action would win him votes 
around the nation. He would have 
had strong support in California, 
a key to the presidential election. 
And his moderate politics would 
assure a significant Democratic 
support base. Unfortunately, by 
campaigning in 1995, he has 
spoiled his reputation and his 
chances for a presidency in both 
1996 and 2000. 

'- Opinion Writers' Meeting: Thursday, 3:30 p.m. 

~~~ 
RoundTable 

Pizza. 

Same place. Same hilarity. 

1000 Ihs or less? 
We're the small 
load speCialists! 

• We ship anything from 1 to 1,000 
tbs.--a singte piece to a roomful of " 
fumiture DoIn ...... 
• ProfessIonal custom * 

packagi 
• Insured ng iii J 
• Pickup 5efVice I free estimates 
• Tape boxes, packing materials 
and more for oo-it-yourselfers 

r ~ ~~PackallfDU GIioN. 
I ~ • 
----- . _-712-2281 

12730 c.rmet Country RoM 
SIn DIego, CA 12130 

15 '10 STUDENT DISCOUNT 

~ Master Mechanics 
===VW. AUDI. CHRYSLER---

Volkswagen, Audi 
Dodge, Plymouth, Chrysler 

Students, Facul~y & Staff' 
l ooAl Discount with 10 

from routine maintenance to major repairs 
serving San Diego since 1981 

5820 al!JTOPORT Mall 450-9494 

PL"S 
r c::I 

~elebrate ... 
einco de mayo 

Need Munchies For A Meeting? Pizza for a Party? Casual 
Catering? Use your Individual or Department Plus Card 
and get 20% off when you buy five large pizzas. Choose 
from a wonderful selection of gourmet pizzas or 
incredible toppings, including: 

•• ~ 
Get II AU-Yoa-tu-Eat Eljoy oar demratiGDS telebrate at Steleheqe 

BiDDer fir jll8t $5.95! u~ try our: 5-7 pll 
t.H8e (rell: tane A8Ua t~rb .... Tor. Fajitas 

Beef Ir t.eese Elt~ada8 Sbrillp MeIitu Rite 
Pepperoni 
Onions 
Sausage 

Green Peppers 
Black Olives 
Extra Chuse 
Mushrooms 

Ham 
Pineapple 
Anchovies 

Refrie~ flew AmI till hUI Refried BellIS 
lIeliw Rite besadillu Melicu fAlesilw 

tburros Rut. Beau £.11'1'08 
u~ ~1St Ill11uitu! FreD Fnit Bar t'rtsll Fnit & Lellinde 

io. 

Loc:med In 
Muir College. 

Locatedtn " 
Warren College. 

Monday, May 1, 1995 The UCSD Guardian 

UCSD L. J.II. C."pUII B •• lut.re 
i~"4-READ • L.c.ted in the Price Center 
UCSD D.lMnt.1l1n S.n Dieg. B •• k8t.re 

i~i-OOi8 • iOO W. Br •• dlM.Y .t Kettner Blvd. 
Stephen Birch Aqu.rlu1'l B •• k8h.p 

~~OO Expediti.n W.y • L. J.II. 
iM-8'li8 Belt8eller82- l'l.g.zine8, textb •• k8 

raedic.1 b •• k8 ., in8trullentl, c."puter 
i electr.nlc depcartraent8 .re excluded. 

HOT. 
Bum, baby, burn - disco inferno. 

Not the burger, pal- the killer computer. 

Cheap. Not as cheap as a taco, but hey . 

THURSDAY 
MAY 4,1995 
UCSD Bicyclist 
AppreCiation Day 
COMMUTE BY BICYCLE TO UCSD FOR A DAY. .. 
Encourage a friend to try bicycling with 

300+ UCSD faculty, staff and students participated last 

7:30 8.m. - 10:00 8.m. Bring your bicycle to the 
: FREE Breakfast Pit Stops at: 

• The UCSD Bike Shop ~--------------~ 

• Canyonvlew Pool 
• 510 Snack Bar 

FREE Bicycle Registration Spec.'Thllnb to: 
1-2 p.m. at the UCSD Police Station Ralphs 

LaCasa 
ClubMed 

510 Snack £¥lr* 
UCSD Bike Shop* 

Oceanview Terrace 
Garden State Bagels 

UCSD Police Department 
Canyonview RecreationCenter* 

WIlle suppllee last, ~ T-1tWII wi! be sold for $10. 

For more info, call 534-RIDE 

UCSD BIcyclist ApprecIation Dey has been 
organized by ucso Tranaportallon AnematMII 
and II held In c:aIIIaoi aIIao1 wlhCal/foml8 BIke 
CommcAt 11185. 

Power Macintosh- 7100 w/CD 
16MB RAW700MB 1ItIrd .... aJ.ROM .... 

15".~ fIIyboImJtmd-. 
'PIIce ir CI'U onIr. ManIIIIr 1I1II1a!7boInI1lil1epII'II!Ir. 

PowerBook- 520c wlModem 
11MB /lAWj'J()MB IItIrd "'*" tmd IIIOdrm. 

Macintosh PerforrT.- 6115 wlCO 
8MB R.4WlS/.WB ........ aJ.ROM 

.... 15· • .,.,~_ 
"""" • ..."""".,, b .. 

Color StyIeWrit .. 2400 
1M ~ tmd ctlblllItdwIItJ. 

U1bIunareIy, theywoo't stay tim kJw beYet So yru need kl bJ!I aboot how hard)OOr life. k a 
__ SIUdenlIs bani. So~ made IaJyq a MachDir easy. So eISf, hl fad, that the minute am sIart ~ abrut 00w easy it will bewttb a MacilDh. The 'am-Appl~" 

lIDs on Ma:i_ penonal ~ are 00If MD _ than their alrelKIy Ow student jD:es. pm that gIYes yru the power lIllY SIUdent an use. The power kl beyoor ~ 1lC_ 
~ : UCSD Bookstore Computer Department 
~ Located inside the Bookstore, second floor of the Price Center. 
'II' ,on IUllt For more information 534-4291 

I II ·.1 1 
. 

7 



8 FEATURES The UCSD Guardian Monday, May 1, 1995 

e 
a I ofa 

eren er 
Patricia 

Churchland 
takes her 

• 

success Ln 
Arctic 
strides 

or some professors - a bold 
biologist or an intrepid anthro-
pologist, perhaps"":'" tracking 
grizzly bears through the fro-
zen tundra of Northern Canada 
and rafting down Arctic rivers 
is common work. 

Most people's image of philosophy 
professors, however, is much more se-
date: tucked comfortably in the ivory 
tower, philosophers puff on old pipes and 
debate the meaning of life for hours on 
end. 

However, there is nothing common 
about UCSD Philosophy Professor Patricia 
Churchland. For the last two summers, 
she has Iraded the comforts of academia 
for trips to the Arctic wilderness with a 
group of undergraduates to teach environ-
mental ethics. Called Ecosummer, it is a 
four-unit UCSD seminar like no other. 

But teaching undergraduates is not the 
only aspect of Churchland'" work that 
takes her out of her armchair. A pioneer in 
Ihe field of neurophilosophy, which at-
tempts to incorporate long-debated philo-
sophical questions with a modern view of 
science and the brain, Churchland is just 
as likely to be found in her laboratory as in 
her office. 

Her path breaking work in 
neurophilosophy, a term she coined, won 
her the coveted MacArthur Prize in 1991. 
Often called the "Genius Award," the five-
year fellowship is given to "exceptionally 
talented and promising individuals who 
have given evidence of originality, dedi-

.... cation to creative pursuits and capacity for 
self direction." 

But praise for Churchland's work has 
not just come from the MacArthur Foun-
dation. . 

"She will be seen as a pioneer by the 
generations to come," said Jonas Salk, the 
famed researcher who developed the po-
lio vaccine. 

"Patricia is the queen of 
neurophilosophy, a field that is destined 
to playa larger role in cognitive neuro-
science as well as learn more and more 
about the relationship between the mind 
and the brain," agreed Terry Sejnowski, 
head of the Salk Institute's Computational 
Neurobiology laboratory. • 
AnEMf ..... 

Churchland grew up on a farm in a 
rural town in British Columbia. Her fam-
ily did not have an indoor toilet until she 
was six, and they never bought a televi-

Professor Patricia ChurchlMd h_ turned the fteld of philosophy on Its head, and taken her students alona for the 

sion. During her summers as a teen-ager, so untouched and virgin. It makes you 
she worked in a nearby fruit-packing plant, really appreciate what it means to preserve 
getting a firsthand experience with manual somethi ng." 
labor. The trip's participants were chosen 

"I always imagined that some way or based 6n need and interest, and prepared 
another I would get to college," Churchland with extensive reading and discussion about 
recalled. "[Butthefruit-packingplant] gave environmental issues. 
me real insight into the life of people who While on the expedition, the students 
toil year-in and year-out." kept a journal and took photos - all of 

Perhaps it is this respect for people of which were compiled into a final paper and 
all backgrounds that is the root of her a photo story of the trip upon their return. 
devotion to under- Churchland has taken 
graduates. While both Ecosummerclasses 
some professors to the Yukon, the North-
avoid teaching western-mostterritoryof 
lower-division Canada. Last year, 
courses, Churchland embraces the oppor- Churchland and her students rafted down 
tunity to work with undergraduates. She the Firth River to the Beaufort Sea, accom-
regulariy teaches "Ethics and Society" and panied by two biologists and a native Inuit 
"Introduction to Logic," courses which are guide. After being dropped off by two 
often a student's first exposure to philoso- planes, the group completely separated 
phy. itself from outside human contact for the 

It was partly this commitment to under- two-week trip. 
graduate education which led Church land .,..,... of ,.p ....... 
to start Ecosummer two years ago. The total absence of outside human 

"What [UCSD] needs is more very contact and the separation fr<1m societal 
small-group, very intense interactions," constraints allow the group to become ex-
she said. In line with that belief, each trip tremely close-knit. 
is limited to 10 students. "You're linked in a way that you never 

According to Churchland, the expedi- are [at home]. [You reach] the kind of 
tions combine outdoor experience with closeness that you don't even get in a small 
traditional academic learning to give stu- seminar because you are so linked in ev-
dents a unique understanding of environ- eryday activities with each other," said 
mental issues. Churchland's husband and fellow UCSD 

"You can't really imagine what it's like Philosophy Professor Paul Churchland, 
until you've actually gone out and done who serves as a second instructor on the 
something like that," said recent UCSD • expedition. "Over tbe days, everybody's 
graduate and trip participant Kevin rhythm began to cbange and they really 
Whilden. "The wilderness is so remote and began to connect with the land and to each 

other." 
And throughout everything, discussion 

was virtually nonstop - it is after all, a 
pbilosopby class. 

"When you talk and talk and somebody 
[unloads] the boat, and then you talk and 
talk and then you do the dishes, and then 
you come back and do it again, it provides 
and unparalleled bonding experience," said 
Churchland. 

It also has more tangible benefits. 
Whilden credits the trip with his decision 
to attend graduate school in environmen-
tal geology and geophysics. "The trip made 
me realize what I want to study in graduate 
school, directly .... It was actually seeing 
stuff in the Arctic circle and being up there 
to see the frozen tundra [which made me 
realize] I wanted to study geomorphol-
ogy," he said. 

The students' praise for the expedition, 
as well as Churchland's commitment to it, 
is high. "I came away with an even deeper 
respect and appreciation for the 
Church lands ... and for the extent to which 
... Pat has been willing to invest herself 
into the things that she really believes in," 
said Jordan Hughes, the only graduate 
student on the trip. "( think it is pretty 
unusual for a professor to take the steps 
that she took to make sure that this type of 
opportunity was available to students. 1 
don't know of any other professor who has-
done tbat kind of thing." 

Unfortunately, such an extraordinary 
experience comes with a hefty price tag-
approxi!llately $2,000 per student. Fortu-
nately, Churchland has come up with -
. See THOUGHT, page 9 

By Avery Sheffield,. Contributing Features Writer 

Monday, May 1, 1995 

THOUGHT: 
Churchland applies 
science to philosophy 
ContinUld from ..... 8 
enough funding to pay for most stu-
dents. She covered costs for the first 
year from her MacArthur Fellow-
ship fund, and found external sources 
to cover mpsl of last year's trip. She 
is hoping grant money will be ad-
equate to pay for all students on tbis 
year's expedition. 
A .......... ......, 

As a child, Church land spent her 
free time exploring the hills and 
building rafts to use at a nearby 
creek. Around the farm, she "learned 
by doing things." In the evenings, 
she joined in the frequent family 
discussions. 

"We always had lots and lots of 
conversations at home," Churchland 
said. "We would have long debates 
about religion, political structure, 
about everytbing, as well as very 
practical things about how the farm 
had to be run." 

Decisions concerning the farm 
often included considering the bal-
ance between wilderness protection 
and the sometimes conflicting needs 
of agriculture. Churchland recalls 
that her family "always held the 
view that the farm should integrate 
itself with the surrounding wilder-
ness [and] shouldn ' t constantly 
battle it. " 

Herearly experiences at the fam-
ily farm did not just instill an under-
standing of the environment, but 
also created a faith that practical 
experiences teach important lessons 
about the world. 

see THOUGHT, page 10 

The UCSD Guardian 

• • 
• • • • • 
• Buy 4 TOKENS... • 
iGET4FREE: 
• TOKENS: 
• ODe ~ CUIIIIIDIr per.-y. EX~. 5/13/95 
••••••••• 

It,,,e11c Gra~il~ Se"igrs! 
Night at the· 

Pub ... 
Wednesday, May lrd 

5:30 • 8pm 
i m MaI"j 

tope orm 
Free muehies! 

J& ~~ent waduation • ~ile erteoooo to 
Friday, May ~~ 

An Exciting Series 
Of Lectures, Readings 

And Performances 
Hosted By The 

UCSD Bookstore 
6:00 PM-7:00 PM 

The career spotlight Is on 
80s"-, the company that's 

making its mark in retail by 
expanding in exciting new 

markets throughout the 
country. Just don't expect our 

Music Theatre, our exciting 
'store within a store' concept. 

to be like anything you've 
ever seen. You see. as a 

member of the Bose team, 
you 'll focus on educating our 

customers demonstrating 
incredible product perfor-

mance In unique and 
imaginative ways. You'll 
provide the very best in 

customer service from the 
first question to the actual 

transaction and beyond. 

FEATIJRES 9 

Show ycu student or fecUt" () 
and .... ros off~priced 
merchsdse. Smokin' st~ for 
au,,' and sirls ... sunsla .. es. 
swlmwear. sporlswear from 
StusSU. Black flU. Ouicksilver. 
Rau-Ban. No r .... 8Iabona. 
And lots mor •. 
w1acific ~& & T, 

Offer sooct at La JoIa VIaae ~ 
ttrouah 6/11195 

Join u. In Dur Mu.lt: Th,.'re 
In B.n 01,,0'. we t:re.', Ihe fllllowln, 
unpflt:edenl,d opportunity: 
Retail Account Associate 
Part-TIme 
lights! Music! Action! It's just you, your audience, and 
the 80se family of quality products. We are looking for 
an energetic, team-oriented and charismatic person to 
invite customers to take part in our Music Theatre 
demonstration, provide excellence in customer service, 
and demonstrate the incredible pertormance of our 
music systems. We oHer a comprehensive training 
program in audio technology. Retail experience is 
preferred, but the abil ity to presenl a show-stopping 
demonstration is essential. 

CIII your Clr.er Counselor to set up In 
appointment with I BOSE Representative on 

May 15th Dr attend our Open Hou ... on 
Wednesday. May 171h, .t The Red Lion, 

7450 HIZIInI Cent.r Orlv., Sin Diego, CA. 
Phone: 111-2117-54&1. 

An 111111 III""'''' .... 1"" . 

---HOS~ 
Better sound through research 

STUDENTS 
UCSD Bookstore * Wednesday Night Live Guests 

Harry Pollrinhorn and Servio Marin perform "Sound Poetry" 

Marc Alan Schuckit, M.D., UCSD Professor of Psychiatry 
presents the lecture" Alcohol and Drugs: Do l/heJshe really 

There are lots of individuals selling new MCAT Prep Courses! 

May 24 

have a problem?" and will discuss his most recent book:. . 
f4ucatin& Yourself Ahout Alcohol And Oru&s' A Pt;OJlle s Primer 

Jerry Allen Potter le~tures on "Suppre,ssed E~iden~ BJ?d Habeas 
Corpus" and signs hIS book Fatal JustiCe· Remyestiiatm& the 
MacDonald Murders 

Grant Nebel, UCSD Graduate Student in History ~d Science 
Studies will present a lecrure titled "We Are All HIS Students: 
Richard Feynman and American Physics" 

Judith and Neil Morgan are special guests at Il'! ev~nt celebrati.ng 
the life and work of Ted Geisel. The authors Will diSCUSS and Sign 
their newly released book: Dr Sew & Mr Gejsel 
Douglas Coupland, author of Generation x, will discuss his recent 
book Mjcroserfs and show an original short film 
Paul Churchland, Ph.D., UCSD Professor of Philosophy will 
discuss and sign his recent book Mig of ~C'59D The Seal Of 
The Soul' A Phjlosophjgl fA51)' of the Dram 
'-'... The UCSD Bookstore's * ~ Wednesday Night Live Series 

will resume in the Fall 

DON'T RISK IT WITH A ROOKIE! 
- .. ~~ ~~~fu~C:r~~::n~~~_ a 

claim not all courses can make. 

__ ~~ Kaplan has a full-time team of science 
professionals, headed by an MD, working 
on our MCAT course and practice material-- for 
us test prep is not a part- time job. 

~ Kaplan invented MeAT prep. We have prepared 
over 275,000 students, more than any other 
test prep company. 

WHY TAKE CHANCES? 
ao WITH TIE LEADER AID •• IIDVATIIR • MCAT PREP 

CALL: (800) KAP-TEST 
get a higher score 



10 FEATURES 

• FUN WORk ENVIRONMENT 
• EXPOSURE 10 NATIONAL 101 MAlkET 
• HANDS-ON MANAGERIAL EXPERIENCE 
'INTElACTION WITH PROfESSIONALS 
,GAIN lEADERSHIP EXPERIENCE 
• ENHANCE YOUR RtsUME 

A~·.tem9bi 
1995-1996 Student Dlrectof'5 
6 PAID 
DIRECTOR 
POSITIONS 
-Executive 
-National 
-California 
-San Diego 
- Development 
-Public Relatione 

(mU5t Imow how to U5e PageMaker) APPLICATIONS DUE TUESDAY, MAY 9 

The UCSD Guardian 

THOUGHT: 
ContInued from ..... 9 

This faith in handHln experience 
underlies her philosophical work -
neurophilosophy is, in essence, phi-
losophy made practical. By studying 
neurons and their interactions, 
Churchland believes that the tradi-
tional realm of philosophers - the 
mind - can be better understood. 

It is an idea that not onl y threatens 
the notion of a non-physical soul, but 
shatters many philosophers' belief 
that pure reason, rather than science, 
will yield the final answers about 
consciousness. 

According to Churchland, phi-
losophers have traditionall y rejected 
using modem technology to analyze 
the mind. "They thought... we ana-
lyze consciousness. We reason it out 
using pure reason. Nuts ... to under-
stand the mind you have to pay atten-
lion to the empirical data. You have, 
in particular, to look at the brain." 

Because of the revolutionary na-
ture of the concept, which she and 
her husband first fully developed in 
the late '70s, it was met with fierce 
resistance. 

"It was very difficult to get pub-
lished ... ," Churchland said. "Re-
spectable journals would not publish 

DIEGO' CONVE 
III West Harbor 

American Express, Visa, Mastercard, Discover card, checks and 

stuff like that, especially because we 
were from the C.nadian outback-" 

Today, many philosophers, in-
cluding noted philosopher and lin-
guist Noam Chomsky, remain 
unconvinced. In the April issue of 
thejoumal LingUD Franca, Chomsky 
called the reduction of conscious-
ness to neurons "surprising [and) mis-
leading ... about on par with the pro-
posallast century Ihal .. . the proper-
ties of the periodic table [could be) 
reduced to the physics of tbe day, 
which turned out to be wrong ... . One 
never knows in advance how two 
aspects of science - say chemistry 
and physics of a century ago-are to 
be unified." 

Church land acknowledges Ihat 
these arguments may, in fact, tum 
out to be true. However, she says 
scientific research must be contin-
ued . until some sort of definitive 
answer can be reached. 

"If there are limits and we bump 
up against them, well, we live with 
them. And I don't worry too much 
about what they arc because I can' t 
see them yet," she said. 
A c.r.nt AfhII 

Churchland published her first 
book, Neurophilosophy, in -1986 to 
outline her beliefs. 

Since then, she has worked ex-

.. 

Monday, May 1, 1995 

tensiveIy at UCSD and the Salk In-
stitute. Her collaboration with 
Scjnowski led to Church land's sec-
ond book, The Compul4lionlllBrain, 
which was published in 1992. 

Currently, Churchland is work-
ing with UCSD Psychology Profes-
sorV.S. Ramachandran, who studies 
human patients with brain damage. 

"Studying these patients brings 
you face to face with some of the 
oldest questions in philosophy; [for 
example), what is the natureofself? 
What do you mean by conscious-
ness? ... So [my work] raises philo-
sophical questions and hence, my 
link with Patricia," he said. 

With a devotion to education, a 
commitment to the environment, a 
deep interest in philosophy and a 
passion for science, Churchland has 
brought together four admirable traits. 
Bingham says they all have a com-
mon root in her rural upbringing. 

"I think that one important key to 
Pat's philosophical world view is 
her farm background from C.nada. 
She's a pragmatist. You act in a 
certain way, yourcropssurvive. You 
act in another way, your crops fail. . 
So you go with Plan A. It works. 
Science is much the same. For her, 
science is, to a large extent, com-
mon sense. " 

THANKS to 
the cooperation of these 

businesses, you can still rip 
out your favorite Guardian 
coupon at any of these off-
campus distribulion sites,., 

Gilman ~~ I~e~;,. • 
Torrey Pines Cenl8I' _ . .-It 
No. T.P. Info BooIh gv~ .... 
510 Ubrary (;ad'Y-
SIO Snack Bar 
Neuremberg Hall, SIO 

SI. Germain 's 
Cal Copy 
BJ's Pizzeria 
Kinko's 
Ralphs 

Pola~s Yogurt 
Westem Bagel ~1 .• _..;. 
Albertson's rv-'~" 
Soup Exchange 
Subway 
Zabra CoPV 
Milagro Bean 
Koala Yogurt 
Taco Bell 
News Etc. 
Beans 
Subway ",~(fI6r 
Roberto's 

Jell's Burgers 
Neighbor Saver 
No. Shore Cafe 
Panini Calfe 

Swensen's .-dIf'P 
Soup Exch8llge ~'~\a 
La Jolla BrewlI'lQ Co. ~ -
House of Natural Foods 
La Jolla Public Ubrary 
Baltimore Bagel 
Bemini's 
Zanzibar 
Pannikin 
7-t 1 (La Jolla BIW.) 
Slalbucks 
Ambiance Cafe 
bnzibar 
CsftCrema 
7·11 
OuikComer 
Soup Exchange 
Dragon House .~ 
M.B. Tan __ .!IIIl' 
M.B. Laundry ..... ~ 
Ben & Jerry's ~~ 
Roberta Taco Shop • 
Rice King 
Sub Stop 
Robertos 

The LIvIng Room 
P .... TlmeCafe 
a.raWok ~ ~_Roma 
Euphoria CIIIfw 
UCSO Meet Or. 
0ueI FIOITIIIge 
a. nl. all uc. ••• 11' • 

Monday, May 11995 

u C S D 

bike 
H o p 

The UCSD Guardian 

IIMllf .D 'Mllf! 
THIS WEEK ONLY: 

Buy ANY REAR RACK AND 
ANY RACK PACK OR PANNIER 

GET $10 OFF 
LOCATED IN THE OLD STUDENT CENTER JUST WEST OF THE PUB SJe IIfT9 
Dl~~l~ IOj;TO~;~·iiN~D I ( 

-......--""" Iff '0 S '" ONll/-~ r--------------
INIIIlIO "IlEf! I BU~ZY fr-~~ AT I 

THtS WEEK ONLY: Buy ANY I I 
'95 HYBRID BtKE GET $20 tN IREGULAR ~~'~37.'___~SAVE $5 I 

FREE ACCESSORtES -" ... 

r.r ON U6m,! L _____ c~~'~ _____ ~ r--------------, FREE TUBE 
THIS WEEK ONLY: Buy A I Buy 2 TUBES AT REGULAR I 
FRONT LIGHT AND REAR I FREE I 

FLASHING LIGHT SAVE $5 I PRICE, GET THE THIRD I 
.... _______________ --, 01" . ~'31-g~ 

_____ C~~I...!....O _____ -1 

The larger the campus, the more 
'Ill Take time off from college and get a real vou earn. education: Traveling in Asia. It's closer than 
~ou think when you fly Korean Air. From our ten North American 
gateways we'll take you anywhere in Asia. (And best of all, there's no 
final exam.) Call your travel agent or Korean Air at 1-800-438-5000. 

KSRPANAIR 
Fly the spl rlt of dedlca[lon~ 

FULL TIME SUMMER, part time academic year 
positions available in development of computer 
multimedia and virtual reality with applications to 
science education. as well as research in chemical 
physics, starting this summer. Approximately $1 O/hr. 

For students, who will be at UCSD for at least 3 
more years, and who are extraordinarily intelligent, 
creative, innovative, hard working, and who have 
received top grades, We will provide training for the 
right people. 

For more information on applying, please contact 
Bonnie Bishop Stark at 5M-2572; by mail at Chemistry 
0339, UCSD, 9500 Gilman Drive, La Jolla, CA, 92093; or 
by email at batark@ucsd.edu. (career Services Center, 
Part-time Employment - Job '904956) 

Copying services 
Full color copies 

Fax services 
Volume discounts 

Presentation materials 

Binding services 
Color laser output 
Resume service 

Computer rental senices 
(Madntosh & mM) 

La Jolla 
457-3775 

8849 Villa La Jolla Drive 
(La JoUa Village Center) 

Pacific Beacb 
483-1852 

Poway S.D.S.U. 
(179-3600 Oceanside 287-6188 

433-5112 
Convention Ctr. Escondido 

525-5450 Mission Valley 747-1945 
294-3877 

Downtown Sports Arena 
685-4960 San Marcos 523-2900 

599-5588 
KeamyMesa Chula Vis" 

573-0515 Encinitas 482-1700' 
634-4500 

11 

~------------------' I ! save 50% ! 
I on Computer Rental Time I 
I IIrin8 Ibis coupon inlO any 01 the KiDIIo's Jisted aboYe mdget 50% oIf your ClIIIIJII*r .. 
I rental time · ONlY $5.0IVhr! (norma1ly $to.OOIbt) . Laser prinlS exira. No! VIIicI I 
I with other oIfers. One coupon per CUSIOIDer. Good through May 31. 1m. I 
I 8849 VIllI La jolla DIM ... I 

(LajoUaVdbetr....r) ... ..I 
L _________________ _ 

Open 24 hours, 7 days a week. 
free pick-up & delivery 



12 CALENDAR 

ACADEMIC SERVICES 
OngoIng 

• OAIII LAng ... Prognm providea 
t .. 1I*Iring ~eo IlUdenlawllOM 
nativ. language la not Englllh and to 
IhoIe doing work In SpMlIh, French and 
RuaIIn. A diIgnoItIc teat on wriIIen En-
gIIah .. avdable on requeet. Monday-
Thuradaya 9:00-4:30pm and Frldaya 
9:00Im-3:00pm. Call 534-2284 for more 
InIormatIon or drop by our office at Stu-
dent Center BuIldIng A, Room '214. 
o ProfeMIonaIfGfacluatlIchool AdvIe-
lilt Dally appoInImenta available for la-
IU8I related to admIsIion to profealional 
or graduate II:hool. Call 534-4939. Ca-
re. ServiceI. 
• 9-4:00p.m. - Programa Abroad omce 
- DeIly appoln'-"ta are available with Programs Abroad AdYIIora to help __ 
any questions about Itudy or work abroad. 
Call today - 534-1123. 
• 1 0:00am to 4:00p.m. - Let OASIS Study 
IlMagemenl Center help you this quar-
ter with time management. notetaklng and 
editing, textbook analysis, memory, flex-
ible/speed reading, vocabulary develop-
ment, and GRE Preparation Workshops. 
Stop by York Hall 4010 or call 534-7344 
to set up a personal appointment. Also, 
stay on the lookout for those valuable 
OASIS Study Skills Workshops. 
• 9:00am-4:3Opm - The OASIS Writing 
Cent ... is a free service for UCSD stu-
dents. We offer individual writing confer-
ences for any type of writing project- pa-
peri, personal statements and creative 
writing. Call 534-2284 for an appointment 
or drop by our office in the old student 
center. building A, rm 214. 
• (Aprl124-M.y 8) - 9-12:00, 1-"pm - Muir 
coIIag. writing program lottery .ppll-
eI1Ion period for Fall Quarter '95 writing 
cIaIHa. Fill out and submit lottery 'ticket" 
at HSS 2346 and get information on when 
to retum for pre-enrollment. 

Monday, May 1 
• 11 :00-11 :50pm-Let the Study Manage-
ment Center help you read your text-
books! Sign up for the T.xt An.lys'. 
Workshop today! York hall .. Ol 0 - OASIS 
Study Management Center. 

Thursday, May 4 
• l1am-11 :5Oam- Get organized! Let the 
Study M.n.g.m.nt Cent.r hllp you 
make your Ilf ........ thl. qUlrt.r .t the 
Producing Org.nlz.tlon workshop. 
York hall 4010- OASIS Study Manage-
ment Center. FREE. 

LECTURES/SEMINARS 
Monday. May 1 

• 4pm- ·Proult .nd Hlltory" by Profes-
sor Fredric A. Jameson. Duke Univer~ ity . 
408 University Certter, CRCA Main space. 
• 4-6pm- Notes Tow.rd •• n Ethnogra-
phy of P.ychl.try, Tanya Lurhman @ 
San Diego Super Computer Auditorium. 

Wednesday. May 3 
• 3-5pm- M.nufacturlng Hope .nd De-
IfIIIr: The Social Netwoft •• nd School-
Ing ExperI.nces of M.xJcan-Orlgln Bar-
rio youth, by Ricardo Stanton-Salazar @ 
Copley International Conference Center 
at the I nstilute of Americas Complex at 
UCSD. 

Friday, May 5 
• 12pm-lsraeli Brigadier General Shimon 
Naveh speaks on ' Securlty R.mlflca-
tIon. of the Middle Ea .. P.aca Procea. 
Center" @ Davis-Riverside Room in the 
Price Center. Que.tions, Answers and 
OiICussion following lecture. Sponsored 
by SANDtPAC , UCSD's pro-Israel student 
group. 

HEALTH AND FITNESS 
Ongoing 

• Come and chick out your physical fit-
~I Sign up for msTOP for a peraonaI, 
!r" physical fitness assessment. Sign-
~ upa are downstairs In \hi Student Health 

Cernr. 
• FREE SEXual Hell"" Information at 
StucIInt Heaith. L_n about birth control 
lflii STDs from Student Health Advocates 
on the 2nd floor. Call 534-2419 for infOl'-
maIIon. 
• ItIw you Indulged In one too many 
JuM food binges' Keep tabs on your 
c:tIoIeIt ... oI level by coming to Student 
HMIth. Call 534-2419 for schedul • . 
• I'R!E Condomsl 00 you know about 
I-tI'n If you haY. a group of 10 or more 
PI can request an HtV Peer Educator 
f>rI9Im. Well tailor a program to meet 
'fOAM groupe needI. 
• PIlI IhoIa avalllllIIe .. Student Health 
.. ii1 c.. PrOI8cI youruII for thII upc0m-
Ing winter! Only 1511 M(T'u{Th 8-11 a.m., 
Wed 9-11 Lm., Fri 8-11 Lm. & 1-3 p.m. 
• want to learn more about sexual health 
... ? Aland a Women ... XUII HIe"" 
.......aon 1eeaIon: Ita FREE. Come to 
the aecond ftoor of Student Health Sir-
W. Mondaya 2:00, Tuesdays and 'TtaJra-
deyl10:00 and 1 :00. Wednesdays 11 :00 
lflii 1:00. 
• Looklng to Improv. your hea,,? Come 
to the HCOnd ftoor of Student Health Ser-
W.I FREE NutrItIon.1 H_1Ih AnI ... 
IIIIIIIa. ChoI.steroi acreenings only $5. 
o A apaciaJ Invitation to students Interested 
In diYatoping UCSD'a own fttnesI .nd 

h.a"" maglzlne. .taff 
needed now! 0ueatI0nIIIdeu pIeue call 
Krlatina at ~124. 
• 10-1Ia.m., 1-2p.m. (Mon), 10-11a.m. 
(W.d) , 11-12p.m. (Frl). Chol •• trol 
8creenlnt Teet at Student Health Ser-
vk:e8 1or-15. NutrItIon AnaiyIiI and Coun-
aellng at Student Health SarvicaI, FREEl. 
• FeelIng 1IIrMa? HoI eating"" Stu-
deAl Health Advocat .. offer oweeches 
on Nutrition? SIr... managarnent right 
to your doorstep. PI-.. cal 534-2419 
for more into. 
• 1 :00pm- (Mon, Wed, Fri)- Get In .... ,. 
with FfTWALK. Meet at the Sun God as 
long II waather permits. Sponsored by 
Stud.nt H.alth Advocatll. Any Ques-
tions. call Mahdu @ 534-2"19. See you 
therel 
• 1-3pm- (Thurs, Fri)- Free Nutrition II-
•••• m.nt .nd counl.II11g, and 
$Choleltra! scr .... ing aI Student Health 
Services. 

CLUBS AND MEETINGS 
Ongoing 

• The Ch' caf6 Collective Is looking for 
members. Do you like to 000k? 00 you 
want to leam how? Drop by the Ch8 Caf' 
during business houra: M-F II a.m. - 2 
p.m .. W 4 p.m.-6 p.m. 
• Th. Wom.nl Resource Center We 
encourage new (and old) stud.nts to 
come in and become familiar with our 
many services and discussion groups. We 
are located in the Student Center, right 
next to A.S. Lecture Notes. Drop by and 
say Hi! 
• "Th. C.nc.r Aw.rn ... Amoug the 
Pacific AII.n Community" program only 
takes 3 hrs./month. Keep your community 
Informed about cancer and stals partain-
ing to Asians in San Diego County. Call 
Dr. Georgia Sadler for more info at 534-
7611 . 
• PAHC Mentorahlp m.mbara: Please 
fi ll out a contract if you haven't yet. You 
are obligated to visit your physician at 
least twice this quarter. We hava a few 
opanings. For more info, call on. of the 
directors or leave a note at the PAHC of-
fice. 

Monday, May 1 
• 3pm - La.bl.n G.y Blse.UlI Alaocl. 
tlon- Meetings every Monday at 7pm. @ 
Women's Resource Center. Come out & 
get involvedl Call 534-GAYS ("297) 
(weekly) 
• 7pm - Th. Organlutlon of Stud.ntl 
Int.re.tld In LatIn America will prasent 
"Crono." in the seminar room of the 
Latin American Studies Building In the 
Institute of the Americas Complex. 
• 7pm - Circle K Int.rn.tlonll is a club 
devoted to service. leadership and friends. 
Come join us in the Student Leadership 
Room. 3rd floor, Price Center. 

Tuesday. May 2 
• 11 :30-1 :30p.m. - V.g.t.rl.n Lunch 
F ... t sponsored by the Vedic Cultural 
Society. (the Hare Krishnas). Enjoy an all 
you can eat gourmet vegetarian least as 
well as videos showing the Vedic culture 
and philosophy of India. $2 suggested 
donation. Riverside/Davis room in the 
Price Cent 3r. (weekly) 
• 6:00pm - Wlld.m ... Club. Join Wit-
dlrn •••• nthu.l .. t. for hiking , rock 
climbing. back packing and morel meet 
every Tuesday on 2nd "oor @old student 
ctr, at picniC benches above KSDT. 
(weekly) 
• 7:30pm - cal-Anlm.g. Beta Ch.pt.r, 
UCSD's Japanese animation club will be 
featuring MBisoo Ikkolcu 1176, PBI/abfJr TV 
1I13'"8Sponsib#e Captain Tyfer 1115 and 
Giant Robo 115. All shows are subtitled in 
English and are open the public. Solis 
104. 

Wedn8SdaY. May 3 
• 7 p.m. LAlt Indicator (AIt.rn.tlv. 
MadIa Publication) Meeting. Looking for 
writers, photographers. layout artists. 
whatever you wilh to contribute. Be a part 
of AhematIYe Media. (weekly) 
, Thunday, May 4 
• 4-5pm - TRES - Tranafar-Re-Entry-
Stud.nt Com mitt.. m •• tlng. @ 
ThIxgood Marshal College AdmInIatration 
building-Provoat's Conference room. 
come make a diflerenc. for youraelf and 
other Mure lranIIer or re-entry ltudents 
on campus. ( ...... Iy) 
.6pm - Come halp organlzllnd npand 
the College o.-.ta. Rm 202 Old Stu-
dent Center ContciouaneII on Campua. 
( ...... Iy) 
• 7pm - Goldin K.y National Honor 
SocIety. All member's welcome, meet at 
P.C. Library Lounge. G.t involv.dl 
(1I'Hk1y) 
• 7: 15pm - I ntervarsity Christian Fellow-
lhip would Ilk. to Invit. you to a night of 
awesome prayer and radical pralsa. WLH 
2OO5@ 7:15. Be ther.1 (1I'Hk1y) 

Sunday. May 7 
• 7-IOpm - SCA will be meeting II .... 
Price Ctr. In Gallery B (above the the-
aler). The SCA re-creates all upects of 
the Middl. Ag .. - fighting. costumel. 
music. danCing. Call Tania at 558-0823 for 
queationa. 
• 7pm - Food Co-op ",""nga .re Sun-
daYI .. 7:00pm and open to the public. 
Location changea weekly 10 stop by or 

The UCSD Guardian 

call S46-8339 for Info. ( ...... Iy) 

CAREER SERVICES 
Ongoing 

• If you're graduating thll qua!tar end 
Job ... kIng we'. match you with a pro-
feIIionaIln 'fOAJ/t field of Inter .. who will 
get you started networking In the local job 
marteel Sign up with the reference room 
desk. 
• 8:00-4:00 - SIGI + - Computer ..... 
Prot ... ot __ lntonnatlon deI9*l 
to help you clarify your IkIUe vlluea and 
interesta. For mor. Intormallon. come to 
Care.r Servic .. C.nter. Admillion 
$10.00. 
• 1:30-4:00p.m .• DROP .. N ADVISING-
For help with career goall. job hunting. 
resume preparation and related II_s. 
No appointment needed, jUlt walk In . 
• Pro,",,-UOraduate School AdvIa-
lilt - Dally appointment available for ii-
sues related to professional/graduate 
school admission. Call 534-4939. 
• Mentor - If you're graduating thil quar-
ter and Job-seeking we'll match you with 
a professional In your field of interest who 
will get you started networking in the lo-
cal job market. Sign up with the ref.ence 
room desk. 

Monday. May , 
• 11 -1 pm- On-Cemera - Int.rvl.wlng 
Skill. for Employm.nt- Using video, 
improve your technique through practice 
and valuable feedback. Pre-requisite: In-
terviewing Skill Workshop. Sign up at 
Career Services Reference Room 

Tuesday, May 2 
• 12pm- Job Search 101- 80% of all job 
vacancies are unadvertised. This work-
shop will teach you the most effective way 
to find them. 
• 2pm - Writing you person.1 .tat.m.nt 
-What shoud you tell the medical or den-
tal shool admissions committee - How to 
write and what to include in this important 
document. 

Wednesday, May 3 
• 11 am - S.lecting a Medlcll School -
Applying for admission in '96? this cov-
ers cr iteria for you to consider in choos-
ing a school. 

Thursday, May 4 
• 3pm - Int.rnatlon.1 Analra Graduat. 
School Optlonl - International affairs. 
relations policy and area studies gradu-
ate programs and career paths discussed. 

Friday. May 5 
- 12pm - Application Ba.Ie.: Reference 
letterll'and applicaiton essays- Presenta-
tion on these key elements of the gradu-
ate/professional school application. 

Saturday, May 6 
• 9-3pm - Idlntltylng Your Clrear Work-
Ihop - Assess your skills, interests, per-

sona��ty and skills and discover career 
oplions that might be a fit. A fun. interac-
tive workshop. $10. 

ATHLETIC EVENTS 
Saturday. May 6 

• 12pm - Ballblll VI C.I St. S.n B.r-
n.rdlno @ Triton Baseball Field 

Sunday, May 7 
, 10 a.m. Th' Arch.ry Club at UCSD 
meets behind Thornton Hospital. Call 
Tania at 558-0823 for questions. (weekly) 

RELIGIOUS SERVICES 
Ongoing 

• Cetholle Community Ma .. : At the Uni-
versity Lutheran Church, masses on Sun-
day at 8:15 a.m., 5. 7 and 9 p.m.; Tues-
day & Thurs at 5 p.m.; Wednesday at 9:30 
p.m.; Thursday night student- $2 dinner 
at 6pm. All at Univ Lutheran Church, W 
Shores and N. Torrey Pines. WeIcom • . 
(-*'Y) 

Monday. May 1 
• 5-6:3Opm- Mu.llm Student AIaocIl-
lion IM8Is weekly to discuss pertinent 
Issues. We welcome all to stop by to learn 
more about Islam. Meetings are Inside. 
2nd floor P.C. ( ...... Iy) 

Tuesday, May 2 
• 8:00pm- Rlbbl J.ff'. cIaaI continues 
every Tuea. on interesting & educational 
topics. Call Chal Point at 534-62 .... for 
location & topic. (WHlrIy) 

WedMsday, May:1 
• 6pm- ~ookld .upper for .tu-
dent and young Iduna. Greal food, great 
fellowship. Nominal $2.00 donation, if you 
can, to help delray cost. Location: Unlver-
lity Luth.r.n Church 9595 W Shores 
Drlv. (across the street from Revell. C0l-
lege). (WH/rly) 
• 7pm- Bible study on .... book of \hi 
Acta 01 the ApoatIee, for IIudenta and 
young adults. One hour a week for good 
Bible discussion and Christian fellowship 
@ University Lutheran Church (9595 La 
Jolla ShorH Dr. across \hi street from 
Revelle College) 
• 7pm- ApoatoIIe Fellow.hlp II Inter-
eetId In glYlng you. BIble Study. Come 
to our weekly meetlnga at WLH 2209 or 
call for a BIble Study at 'fOAJ/t convenience. 
Come and hear the Word- of God1 Con-
tact Ruben Annedondo at 619-695-8540 
for more Information. ( ..... Iy) 

ThUf'ldlly, May 4 
• 7: 15pm- IntarVart/ty Chrlatlan ,.1Iow-
ship invit .. you to join UI for a night of 

worship. fellowship. and a dang good 
time! Topic will be the Outreach Chal-
lenge. @ WLH 2005. Be there! 

SERVICES/WORKSHOPS 
Ongoing 

• Wom.nl PHr CounHlora (trained by 
Psych, Services) Need a confidential 
fr iendly ear to listen? Walk-ln hours or call 
for appointment. Womens Resource Cen-
ter. 
• Th. PHr Counselora for the RED Pro-
gr.m are looking for participants in a 5 
week workshop concerning self-esteem. 
food & body image issues. For more info 
call Bev @ 534-3755. To start 3rd or 4th 
week. 

Monday, May 1 
• IOam-1 2pm- Do you hay •• ny con· 
c.rnl about your or .noth.r parlOn'l 
alcohol or lub.tlnea use? If so. there 
is someone available for you. My name is 
Scott, and I am availableweekly at the 
Thur900d Marshall Dean's office. (weekly) 
o 3-4pm- Single P.rentl Support Group: 
Women 's Resource Center. Leaders: 
Danielle Ungle and Aymi Schatz. Call 534-
5981 for info. (weekly) 
• 3-.. :30pm- Aduh Childr.n of Alcohol-
ICI Plycho-Educational Support 
Group: Mountain View Lounge. Led by 
peer counselors. Call 534-3035 for Info. 
(weekly) 
o "-5 :30pm- Lllbl.nIBlllxu.1 
Wom.n'l Support Group. Join UI for 
safe & confidential place to talk. Revelle 
Provost Bid. Call 534-3456. Led by Nickle 
& Ann LV". ( ...... Iy) 
• .. -spm. Women Moiestld .. Chlclren 
:1003 GH. Leaders: Beverly McCreary, 
534-3585, and Ellen Greenfield. Call for 
sign-up. (weekly) 

Tuesday. May 2 
• 1-2:30pm- Gradu.t. M.n'l .nd 
Wom.n'. Group: 1003 GH, Leaderl: 
Equilla Luke. 53 .. -0248. and Howard 
Rubin. Call for sign-up. ( ..... Iy) 
• 3-4:30pm- Und.rgr.du.t. Growth 
Group: Revelle Provost Building. Lead-
• ... : Equilia Luke, 534-0248, and John 
Wu. 534-1579. Call for sign-up. ( ...... Iy) 

Wednesday, May 3 
• 8:30-1 oam- Min and Women Molested 
•• Clliidran: 1003GH. 1.Hdera: Miriam 
10lUpovlcl, 534-0255, and Fred 
VIInhoose. Call for sign-up. ( .... Iy) 
• 12-2pm- AIcohoIlncI aubetance IIIuIe 
peer counHlor available Michele HSS 
2056. ( ...... Iy) 
• "pm- 'udg.t PI.nnlnll S.mln.r-
Wednesday April 26 with Scott Parker, 
Warr.n Assist. Deanl Meet In Revelle's 
Informal Lounge. 
• 4--6pm- Women MoIeated .. Children: 
lOO3GH. L.aaderI: Miriam 10IUp0Vid. 534-
0255. end Ale. Shafer. Cen for sign-up. 
(weekly) 
• 6:30-8pm-.Qey IIIHxUII Men'. SUp-
port Group led by Matt. Join us for a life 
and supportive .nvlronm.nt. Stud.nt 
Center B. lOuth conference room. Call 
534-3456 for mora Info. (weeldy) 

Thursday, fhy 4 
• 1-3pm- Faca to F_ Alcohol & lub-
Itance abuse peer counseling. A IIf. 

Monday, May I, 1995 

place to talk . Michael-ARGO Hall rm 108 
(next to piano rm) . (WHlcIy) 
• 3pm- Adult Children of Alcoholic. 
Group_ Meets in the Women's Resource 
Canter. (weekly) 
• 3-":3Opm- Grief Group: Led by John 
Wu, 534-1579, and Nancy Wahlig. Call for 
sign-up. Revelle Provost's Bldg. (weekly) 
• 4-5:30pm- Recov.rlng From E.tlng 
Dtaord.re (RED) I: 2025 HSS. Led by 
peer counselors. Call Beverly McCreary. 
534-3585, for info. (WHlr/y) 
·6:30-8-Graduate gay I biHXUlllllln'l 
support group: A safe and confidential 
environment 10 meet other gay & bisexual 
men and discuss concerns about sexual-
ity. Led by Matt in Student Center B, Lower 
level conference room. ( ...... Iy) 

Friday, May 5 
• 10-12pm- Need to talk? Ken. a trained 
peer counselor. will be at the Roosevelt 
College Provost's Office to address your 
concerns about alcohol & substance 
abuse. (weekly) 
• 11-12pm- Gen .... 1 Women'a Support 
Group: Women's Resource Center. 
Daniell. Lingle and peer counaelors. Call 
534-5981 for info. (""*Iy) 
• 11-12pm- Laabl.n, gays I blsexUlI.1 
Have questions? Want someone to talk 
to? Need a supportive environment? Drop 
by the Women's Resourc. Center to talk 
w/ Ann LV". ( ..... Iy) 
• 12-1 :3Oprn- Allan -AmerIcan Commu-
nity Forum: Mountain View Lounge. Led 
by Jeame Manese. 534-3035. and John 
Wu, 534-1579. Oro~ln . ( ..... Iy) 
• 2-4pm- AIcohoialld Subetance Abuse 
Group: Mountain View Lounge. Leaders: 
Dan Munoz. 534-0251 . and Danlelle 
Ungle. Dro~in. (weeI!Iy) 
o 2-4pm- Undergradulta Growth Group: 
l003GH. Leader: UndsayCaideron. 534-
6493. Call for 1Ign-up. (~ 
• 4:15-6pm- Campus .Iac. forum: 
Mountain Vi.w Lounge. Leaders: Phil 
Raph.et and Frld Vanhoose. Drop-in. 
(weekly) 

SaturtMy.fhy 6 
• 8:3Oam.2:00pm- Pan AMln Sterr As-
.oclatlon Blac. Staff Allocl.llon 
Chicano-Latino Staff AI.ocl.llon 
Women'. Ceucua jointly sponIOI' Project 
Heart to Heart Workshop conducted by 
Juanita Nacu-Santol @ Confer.nc. 
Room 1 t la. Light rafrllhmenta will be 
served, and there II no fee for thil work-
shop. . 

EVENTS AND RECREATION 
Wecm.day. May 3 

07:00 p.m. AdwnIurW In WIncIow-UcII-
Ing. UncIem*1ing \he rItuaIa. Performance 
and book presentation by UCSD'I experi-
mental Writing CIaII. Fr .. admIIIIon to 
all. The performance will be held in \hi 
Vllual Arts Performance SpaCI '306. 
(WH/rly) 

Friday. fhy 5 
o 4:00 pm - Battle of the Bandel Spon-
sored by RPB, UCSD'I beat bands will 
compete at Stonehenge. AnchorvIew will 
be catering. 

Monday, May I, 1995 The UCSD Guardian 

Forces of DarkDess Hurt Crew 
OlAV: Triton men grab first-place overall, while the women garner second 
ByTeddUclcl 
Sports Editor 

Despite random race lengths, 
sloppy officiating and a rapidly set-
ting sun, the UCSD men 's and 

women's crew 

teams still 
managed to 

chalk up some 
impressive per-
formances at last 
Friday's San Di-
ego City Cham-
pionships. 

R!lcing along 
Otay Lake, site of the U.S. Olym-
pic Training Center, the Triton 
men's varsity-eight boal captured 
first place in a stunning 5:45 time, 
crushing USD and SDSU handily. 
It was only the third time in UCSD 
history that the men have garnered 
the cily trophy. 

" It was I pretty substantial win," 
Triton rower Jock Beveridge said. 
"We moved right away from those 
two crews [USD and SDSU] in the 
second half of the race." 

In the men's open-four race, 
UCSD dominated again, taking first 
place by three lengths. 

"We haven't finished worse than 
second in any of our races so far this 
year," Beveridge said. "We're right 
up there atthe top [of the standings]. 
We're looking pretty good right 
now." 

Things didn ' t go quite as 
smoothly ' for the Triton women. 
With the race schedule running late 
as it was, UCSD missed the official 
start signal. To add to the confusion, 
SDSU lined up in the wrong lane. 

When the race was finally over, 
each of the schools had traversed 
2,500 meters, instead of the required 

Do you suffer from 

Volunteers are needed for Research Drug Study_ 
All testing and study medications are 

FREE 
Qualified participants will be paid up to 

$100 
for participation 

Call 436-3988 Ask for Linda or Dianna 
WARREN. W. PLESKOW, M. D. 

Allergy and Asthma Treatment and Research Assoc iates 

The W 0 rid's I a r g est stu den t 
and youth travel organization. 

800-777-0112 
EYE GLASS EXAM 
EXTRA THIN 

EY~~LASS LENSES $59 
FREE 
COLORED 
CONTACTS 
with purchase of any 
soft contact lens package 

EEIEIPkC'j&~TlsCT 
Includes flYe exam, 
fitting, follow up care, 
care kit, near sighted 
Rx only, oth8r major 
brands in stock 
SEMI DISPOSABLES $169 

.,. ................ 

DISPOSABlES fil9 anN~D~ 109 
DAlLY~ 9 
DISPOSABLE REPl..ACEMENTJ-.. 7 

~~~~LBY, 
578-&79 

ST/j 
STA TRAVEL 

2,000. The officials began to lose 
control of the situalion, pushing the 
racing festivites to a rapid close be-
fore the sunset. 

As it was, the Triton women's 
varsity-eight boat stormed to sec-
ond-place overall in 9:03.6, slipping 
to USD by a mere second. 

"It was so dark at one point that 
I turned on the headlights in my 
truck, so Ihat [the crews] could see 
the coast," UCSD women's coach 
Jack Vallerga said. "I didn't want 
anyone to get hurt." 

UCSD recovered in the open-
four race, dashing to a solid first-
place, 10:31 mark. SDSU took sec-
ond in 10:48, while USD earned 
Ihird in 11 :05. 

"I was pleased with the kids. I 
justlhink that it's sad for our seniors 
to go out like this .. _due to incompe-
tent officials," Vallerga said. 

, , 

SPORTSl3 

III 
(OSTA 
VERDE 
( ARWASI-I 

8505 Costa Verde Blvd. • 587-4144 

~ -ILl "lIa~~IIJa" rr 
WE RECYClE)1 J I II 
OUR WATER * __ 

1111 (II) @ ~ ...... _J~"""':""'--I 
OPEN 7 DAYS • ALL SOFT CLOTH WASH 

SHELL GASOLINE & DIESEL AT COMPETITIVE PRICES 
---------------------- I 

FuU Service $ h 99 : 
COSTA fa ixA!'! ~~.~ : 

I VERDE NotvelidwilhanyOlheroll8r. SAft I 
I ( AR WASII Expiraa6{lCW5 ' $3.4&\ I 

~----------------- ______ I 

Hours: 

Mon.!.,. Friday & 
5..u.day-9am-6pm 

Tu."by. Wednesday & 
Thursday-9tm-8pm 

Fe.. oppoinunm. call: 

457-3334 
8843 Villa La Jolla Drive ' La Jolla Village Un[(J' 

(Ncar IWpIu .I< Sa",.) 



14 The UCSD Guardian Monday, May 1, 199.5 

MAJORS, MINORS, 
AND INTERESTED 

STUDENTS 

History majors, minors, and 
students interested in the field of 
history are cordially invited to meet 
with History Department faculty on 
Wednesday, May 3, between 3:00 and 
4:30 at the Price Center, Gallery B. 
Refreshments will be served. 

Please feel free to drop in any time 
between 3 and 4:30 that day. Faculty 
and staff will briefly discuss 
requirements, advising, and the 
honors program. Your presence and 
your questions are encouraged! 

SEE YOU ON MAY 3rd ! 

•••••••••••••••••••••••• 

3MAy1995 
3:00 - 4:30 PM 

TIlE PRICE CENTER-GALLERY B 

WeAre Here. 
On Campus. 

For YOU. 

For ~-CIl1nf!U Copies ···And More! 
-- --. 

• Full & Self Service Copies 
• Photo Processing • Fax Services 

• Computer Rentals • Custom Posters 
• Custom Binding & Finishing 

• Full Color Copies • Office & Film Supplies 
··Free Pickup & Delivery on Campus·· . 

........ ,I:IC ................ .. 
Monday-Thursday 7:30am-9:00pm 

Friday 7:30am-7:00pm 
Salurday & Sunday 12:00am-5:00pm 

'III, •• 177· •• 11/ F •• 177· •• 1. 
Located on second floor of Price Center 

r----A---------------------------------------------------------, 
! NNOUNCEMENT! 

~-------------------------------------------------------------~ 
ALL 

REG 1ST ERE D 

STUDENT 
ORGANIZATIONS: 

SPACE ALLOCATION 
REQUESTS FOR 1995-1996 

ORAGANIZATIONAL SPACE 
IN THE UNIVERSITY CENTERS 

ARE 

ADVISOR. 
THANKS 

UNIVERSITY CENTERS 

ADVISORY BOARD 

FIlIAL AVERAaE LlAT ICGREs 

,..-rJIB CIMIr7 
Our next largest competitor (you 
know, that ancient LSAT cou rse) has 
decided it doesn't want to talk about 
ilB huge lectures, audio tapes and weak 
results. It would rather talk about The 
Princeton Review. 
OK. Let's talk. Princeton Review 
clI8Ie8 are small (8 - 15 studenlB) and 
grouped by shared strengths and 
weakoe88(!8. We've got plenty of 
claMroom hou rs and practice tests, 
and 95% of our studenlB aay they1l 
recommend us. Why? It works ... our 
studenlB have the highest IICOres in the 
country. 

,.P' II 
Over the years, we have repeatedly 
challenged our cranky old competitor 
to do ajoint study of IICOre 
ImprovemenlB, and it has repeatedly 
retuaed, We will gladly pay any costa 
IIIOClated with any such study. It they 
agree to a study. we'll donate $10,000 

T H E . to the school ottheir choice. And if they beat us. we'll donate another ·$10.000 . 
LIAT 

CHALLENGE 
.-_ ....... -----_._ ... -____ ..... ~.--110 ... 

..._--u.,-........ ,-."'-.. - ...... '" ....... __ .. _ ....... ___ -.--110 
... ...---.-.... .. -

,."".,. 
We bate running ads. We prefer to 
speod our time and money Improving 
our oounes. Perhaps that's why we're 
thefutest-growing test prep courtte in 
the country. And perhaps why you 
should call WI tor more information 
about your law career. 

Monday, May 1, 199.5 

SOFfBALL: 
Split season-ender 
Continued from paC. 18 
the Vanguards through much of the 
opening contest, UCSD finally 
caved, allowing seven runs in the 
last two innings to fall, 8-2. 

Revenge is a dish best served 
fresh, however, and the Tritons paid 
sec back.in- spades in the second 
game gf the twin-bill, severely 
shelling the Vanguards, 10-5. 

The UCSD Guardian 

Schueler was the offensive hero 
for VCSD, belting a two-run shot 
to cap off a five-run fourth inning 
- in which the Tritons grabbed 
control of the game. Mounger 
pitched a complete game to get the 
victory, her fifth of the season. The Triton' "uaers .... Iy dufted ReeI.nels In pme one, 6-1. 

PATIENT VOLUNTEERS NEEDED FOR 
RESEARCH STUDY OF NEW 

INVESTIGATIONAL MEDICINE FOR 

JOCK ITCH (SKIN FUNGUS) 
• FREE physical exam, treatments, study medications and 

lab tests available for qualified participants 
• Patient stipend available for qualified participants 
• Ages 12-65 
• No topical (over-the-counter) treatment in last 2 weeks 

For Details Call (619) 753-1027 

Mitchel P, Goldman, M_D, 
Dermatology Associates of San Diego County 

DEFINE YOUR 
PATH TO SU UUESS 

• • • • • • • • • 
Since 1852 WeD! Fargo Bank has defined its path to success through a strong 
belief in teamwork, integrity, flexibility and commitment. These values have 
enabled us to meet our goals and move forward with confidence. 

We take an active interest in helping future banking professionals find their own 
personal path to success. Our team consists of a diver.>e group of people who bring 
us their varied talents, viewpoints, interests and experiences. Through theirefTorts, 
we maintain OUT high standards and define our future. 

Consider the possibility of a career in our exciting new growth area of Supermarket 
Banking. Opportunities exist for aggressive, highly motivated sales officer.> to 
develop prospective customers and seU a complete range of banking products and 
services while meeting or exceeding sales goals. We're most interested in candidates 
with a coUege degree and/or a proven sales track record and the ability to work 
independently. To get started on your path to success, mark this date on YOUT 
calendar now. 

SUPERMARKET BANKING 
Personal Banking Officers 

& Sales Officers 
SCHEDULED INTERVIEWS 

MAY 12, 1995 

For more information, contact your Career Center or write to: Supermarket 
Banking, 1200 Concord Ave" Ste, 355, Concord, CA 94520, 

Equal Opportunity Employer MIFIDN. 

WEl.T,s FARGO BANK 

Nominations are open for the 
1995-96 GRADUATE STUDENT 

ASSOCIATION OmCERS 
Nominations will close on May 22 during the GSA Council Meeting 

01 HCII OPIN FOIl NOItIlNA1ION INClUDE 
PREsiDENT -Olain mett~, is the principal contact with the administ~­
tion, coooIinares GSA activities. 
VICE PREsiDENT INTERNAL -Appoints graduate students to 
committees, monitOlS administrative activities of the university (sits on Regist~tion 
Fee Committee). 
VICE PRESIDENT ACADEMIC AFFAIRs * -Appoints 
graduates to academis conunitttes, sits on Graduate Council and Academic Senate 
Rtpresentative Assembly. 
VICE PRESIDENT EXTERNAL -GSA rtpresem3tive to UCSA. 
Rtpresents GSA to systemwide and state bodies. Once per month travel ~ired. 
VICE PRESIDENT FINANCE -Moniton GSA fonances, chairs 
Finance Comminee. 
CAMPUS OmcE DIRECTOR* -Informs graduate students about 
state, systemwide, and local activities, coordinates local activities coordinated by 
UCSA. 

.~ ...... COIII1I1U1IONAL cu .... 

Elections will be held during the May 22nd meeting in the Student 
Leadership Olambers, 3rd floor, Price Center, at 6 p.m . 

All candidates will give a three minute speech. 
Job descriptions are available from the GSA Offia. in the Studmt Center 

or call 53H5Oi for further information. 
AU C1IIT~ mrolltd grllll. Sllldma are tnCouro,td 10 Jmlicipott . 

LET YOUR VOICE BE HEARD: TELL 
YOUR REPRESENTATIVE TO VOTE! 

. .-



16 CLASSIFIEDS 

\\\01 \C L'I"'\'I~ 

FREE FINANCIAl AID! Over $8 BIIon In 
privlellIdDr grwa & IChaIIrIhIpIIi now 
1YIiIIbIe. N lludenlsneliglble regardIeIa 

at~, Income, or pnnI's income. Lei 
us help. c.II StudenI FlnanciIII Services: , . 
800-263-&495 ext. F59762. (416-518) 
SDSU StudenI FIlm Festival at the Ken 
CInema, nus. May4lh, 6:00pm. Tlc:ketsat 
door, $5. (&') 
StudIntI: WII'I. to caract the Chancellor 
with Idea or concema? lJM IIectJ 01 ic mall: 
c:hanceIIor@ucI.edu. Include name and 
electronic mailboK. (S/') 
Don' mils the 1995 (Reggae on the Bay 
Gradudon CalIbration) on Sat. June 17111. 
DiIcoIrIIed tickets are on sale at the Marshall 
College Dean's office 00IiI May 12th. For 
more inID call 534-4390. (51' ·518) 
RPS'I BdIe at the Banda: May 5, Cinco de 
Mayo, at Stoneh8IIg8Itarting aI4:00pm-
Anc:tlcItWw will be I dInnerI (51 S/) , 

1101 ~I\(; 
3 bedroom townhouse near UCSD, UTe. 
Pool, washer, dryer. A\IIiIabIe summer or 
tal. $11401rnonth. Call Nina 792-6453. (4/ 
13-S/4) 
For rent: UTC/la Jolla Colony T ownhome: 
3-bedr00m, 2.5 bath, $1325; r.w carpet! 
paint; washer/dryer, refrigerator. 1500 
ST. FT. n.r Vons, Costa Verde, UTC; July 
1. 454-6462. (4/10·S/1) 
For Rtrt. 2 lingle rooms in 3·bedroom 2.5 
bath 1Ownhome, 5375 per room; near Vans, 
Coste V.rde , UTC; washer/dryer, 
refrigeratDr, July 1. 558-8705, (4110·S/4) 
ROOM FOR RENT. Nice spacious house. 
$27S/mo. Mira Mesa East. Full furnished, 
inc!. kitchen, washer & dryer, own bathroom. 
Contact Sanny 538·1688. (4/17·511) 
Quiet/considerate non·smoker seeks same 
to share 2nd ftoor, south Mesa two bedroom 
apartment. 5319. Graduate students only. 
Josh 452·7257. (4/24·5/1) 

2 bIdroam fImIhed condo ~ 
8811'F' GlInwI drIYe. nell' UCSD II1d 
HoepiIaI, pool, j8cuzzi, gnge. open hoUII 
..... , 714-637.0828. (4124-4127) 

AcIonWI ....... NoIth CIaInnanI $3' 41 
mo. + S265 dIpoIit tnt 1/4181e1. Greet 
roommaIII who IPOf1ICJr NORML. Call 273-
3975. AYd &'15. (4I24·S/4) 
F.ma" roommal. wanted. Share 2 

bed~ belt! Mira MeN apar1ment with 
quiet graduale student. 5372/mo + 1/2 
liilitiel. 1549-2692. (4/27·S/4) 
Condo lor rent: $950 3 Bdrm. 1.5 bath. 
washer/drylf, ,.,.IChooI, quiet. Available 
now tnt summer. Call 457·2017 or collect 
(818) 286-5832. (4/27·5/22) 
Room to share In maater bedroom at Villas 
at RenaissanceApta. $272.00t'm0. Female 
needed to live with 3 other friendly UCSD 
Grads and soon-to-be Grad. fortheaummer 
only. Clean and responsible! Call 587· 
4767. (4/24·S/11) 
Balboa Patk wi Hillcrest IW'lfumished Ig 2 
BR Bayview S635 1 SA $465 r.w carpet, 
ceiling fans, freshly painted, appliances. 
Cat OK 453·9658. (S/I) 
Room lor Rent: 15 min. to UCSD. own 
bath, washerldryer, new, gated condo 
complex. $35OImonth, utilities Included. 
585-6277. (S/I) 
Carmel VaHey. 375/mo + deposit. Own 
room In 3BR/2.5 SA townhouse. Close 10 
campus. Creative. responsible, honest 
person. Call 792-8593. (S/1·S/4) 
Female studenl wanted lor summer and! 
or school year in sunny, friendly apartment 
behind UTC. Own bdrm/ba $392.SO. Call 
Sarah 587·2596. (S/1·S/15) 
2 bed, 2.75BA. Avail June 16th. Very close 
to campus. PooI/spa/weight room. Liz or 
Nny 535·9690, (S/I ) 
Downtown: S350/up 14 free days. 5487.00 
moves you in. Great, large studios. 
Fumished/unfumished. Free electric. Near 
bus. 233-7428. (5/1·5111) 
Hilicresl/Balboa park S390{up 14 free days. 
Must see! Unique, large studios. Laundry, 
Free utilities. Near bus. 236-<>452. (S/1·5/ 
11 ) 

. Mother's Day is 
Sunday, May 14th! 
;;"u ()t!W! tI tlt&J Cbrlld 

C.\1.1. :\()\\ 
558-5963 

Elderbeny Creations 
11404 Sorrento Valley R<Wi #107 

San Diego, Ca 92121 

The UCSD Guardian Mooday, May 1, 1995 

CLASSIFIEDS 
Classified advertising is sold in 20-wmrJ increments. The rate per 20 worm is $2 for 
students (for personal use only), $3 for faculty and staff, and $4 for others. Payment in 
advance is requireJ; therefore, ads must be mailed with a check (made payable to The 
UCSD Guardian) or presented in person. Dem:llines are 3 p.m. Thursday for Monday's 
issue, and3 p.rn. Mondily for1hursJJly's issue. The Guardian rese7VeS the right to refUse 
any advertising including but not limited to companionship ads. For more information 
call534-5416.Mailingatldn!ss:UCSDGuardian,Attn:Classijiem,9500Gi/manDrive, 
0316, LaJolkl, C4 92093'()316.Actulll address: StudentCenterA, top floor. 

Downtown S430 f 4 free days. Terrific: large 
1 bedroom, Fumishedlunllmshed. lainIry. 
free etectric, Neer bus, 233-7428. (5(1·5( 
11 ) 

Beautiful spacious room lor rent wlown 
bathroom In UTC area. S43OImonIh w/ S 150 
depoIiI, 1/3 utilities. Find a friend to share 
room lor $280 each, 1/4 utilities each. 
Female, nonsmoker wanted. Ouiet. pool, 
jacuzzi very close to UCSD. Large SS 
incentive off 1st month's rent·call to find out 
morel 450-9m. (511 ·514) 
Own Your Own Home UCSD stall and 
sIudent DISCOUNTS. Greatfinancing. Neer 
UCSD. 1,2 brs $120,OOO's+ & 3brs 
$150,000+, condos to luxury homes·serving 
La Jolla, Univ. City, Mira Mesa, Dei Mar, 
Pacific Bch, Clairmont. Need to sell, see 
what 11 yeatS experience can do! RE/Max 
Assoc. Judith Haddox , Realtor, 619·274-
4477. (5116/8) 
DOG LOVERI Want a dog but can't afford 
one? Get a place with me & my dogl We 
need roomies lor summer & next year. 
Those who already have a place & need a 
roommate ate also welcome to calli 457· 
3753 (5/1·S/8) 
Female roomate wanted: Single room in 3 
bedroom Villas 01 Renaissance ApI. Fully 
furnished. Washer/dryer. $4001month ~ 
$467 deposrtt 1 /3utili~es . Availablealter6/ 
22. Call 597·0927. (5/1 ·S/11 ) 

Need aomeone to share rent for lUll FBI 
Quarter? If so please call Senra at 457· 
3461. (S/I·518) 
Rcom lor rent this summer: yoIX own room 
In beautiful 3 bedroom house In Mira Mesa 
West. 6 mi from campus. Only S260 a 
month from June 17 to October , . Nick 695-
2416. (5/1·5(4) 

E'I .. LO' 'IEYI' 
Fast Fundraiser . raise $500 in 5 days . 
greeks. groups, clubs, motivated Individuals. 
Fast, easy· no financial obligation. (800)-
775·3851 EXT. 33. (1/30- 6/8) 
Drivers/Florist Pre!Molhers'Day May 12. 13, 
14. Own vehicle. 622·9999 87SO G __ 
Avenue. (4/2Q.518) 
$17SOweeklypossibie mailing our circulars. 
No experience required. Begin now. For 
info call 202·298·8957. (3/16·618) 
Need an extra $500.00 a month? Got 4 to 5 
hOurs a week? Call 578·2634. (3/16·6/8) 
Need cash? Domino's Pizza is now hiring. 
Become a part of the world's largest pizza 
delivery company. Drivers can earn up to 
$12.OOIhr., must be 18, with valid driver's 
license, Insured vehicle, good driving record. 
Stop by our La Jolla store, 3211 Holiday Ct., 
alter I 1 am or calf 452·8273. EOE. (4/3·5/4) 

Legal notice re: Proposition 187 to all UCSD students, raculty, 
and statT involved in admissions and registration runctions 

The Superior Court of the state of California has granted a prel iminary 
injunction in the court case involving Proposition 187. Consequently. all in· 
vol ved UC studen ts, faculty and sta ff are ordered by the court not to enforce 
sections 8 or 9 of the proposition which pertain to student admission or regis. 
tration. 
SpecUkaUy: 
• . Students and applicants will not be prohibited from attending or 

continuing in their enrollment based on the provisions of 
sections 8 or 9 of Proposition 187; 
Students and applicants will only be asked to verify their 
immigration status for the sole purpose of determining their 
residency status for tuition purposes; and 
No information regarding any student or applicanl will be 
transmilled 10 the United Stales Immigration and Naturalization 
Service, directly or indirectly. according to sections 8 or 9 of 
Proposition 187. 

Travel Abroad and Work. Make up 10$2000-
S4OOO+/mo. I..:hlng basic conversational 
English In Japan. Taiwan. or S. KDr • . No 
teaching beckgrOlMld or Allan IIrlguageI 
required. For information call: (206) 632· 
1146 ext. J59766. (416-518) 
Earn S3OOO.OQ.SSOOO.OO & Gain valuable 
business experience selling yellow pages 
advertising in the UCSD official campus 
telephone directory this SprinWSummer. 
Excellent marketing/advertising saleslPA 
experience. Experience beneficial b\A not 
necessary. EOE. Call 1-800·466-2221 . (41 
3-618) 

DAY CAMPS serving Conejo & San 
Fernando Valleys. Simi. Camarillo & Malibu 
seek fun caring counselors & special 
instructors lor nature, gym, horseback riding, 
fishing/boating, cralts, swimming, song 
leading, sports, ropes corne & more. Now 
interviewing 818·865-6263. (4/6-S/4) 
AIRLINE FLIGHT ATTENDANT JOBS. New 
bookreveaissecrets,talshow. Guaranteed. 
For info call : 1-800-7· FLIGHT. (4110·5111) 
NEED A JOB! - HIRING TODAY I 5 part 
time positions earning $1 0 hr up to $250 per 
week. Jobs filled on a first come, first serve 
basis. Call (619) 793-4473lodayt (4/1 7·5/1) 
Cruising ships now hiring· Earn upto 52000+1 
month working on Cruise Ships or Land· 
Tour companies. World travel (Hawaii, 
Mexico, the Ca:ibbean, etc.) Seasonal and 
fu ll·tim e emfJloyment ava ilab le. No 
experience necessary. For more information 
call 1·206-634··0468 ext. C59766. (4/17·5/ 
11 ) 
DriverS/Florist Pre/Mothers' Day3 May 12, 
13. 14. Own vehicle. 622·9999 8750 
Genesee Avenue. (4/20·5/8) 
National Patk Jobs. Forestry workers, park 
rangers, firelighters,lneguards, t volunt_ 
and govemment positiOns available at 
National Parks. Excellent benefits + 
bonusesl Over 25,000 openingsl For more 
info. call: 1·206·545·4804 ext. N59762. (41 
24·5118) 
Telemarketing· high COIMlission authorized 
Sprint L.D./ 800 service. FuIVpart·time. no 
axperienclt/Willtrain. 619-459-3000ext. 195. 
(4/24·518) 
Painlers wanted· 15-8 starting, CaH Sean al 
621 ·9204. Leave name, phone number, 
and best lime to call back. (4124-4127) 

8unshine at@re Reprint,8peci 
NeW very experienced and skilled secretary 
to do organizing and filing. Call 453·6102. 
(4/24-S/1) , 
Mothers helper wanted· Flexible part time 
hours 1 Q.2Ohrs/Wk. lor Mom with a two year 
old boy and a new baby expected in July. 

May 1 • 13 

3"x5" 
COLOR 

REPRINTS 

4"x6n 
COLOR 

REPRINTS 

91~ssy ' ~r rn~tte finish 
N0 Limit! 

110 AND 35MM COLOR NEGATIVES ONLY, NO PANORAMIC. REPRINT ORDERS TAKE 3-5 DAYS FOR PROCESSING 

Monday, May 1, 1995 

SIMnmer or long ·1iIrm. I&'hr, ExperlelIOII 
required. Cal 460-4479, Of fax 677'()733. 
(4/24·S/4) 
Seeking dependable peraon to do xeroxlng. 
Please cal ~102. (4124·5(1) 

environmental group Ilk. the PIRGS. 
SIERRA CLUB l GREEN CORPS. 
PoIIIIonI In 33 atilt .. & D.C. c.mpua 
111IM8M: April 25 & 26 Cal! JImie: 1-800-
7S-EARTH. (5.'1) 

Looking for ptr10II with excellent spelling 
andgrammar,goorlhandwriting,andlkllied lJHd motorcycte helmet(s) • buy one lor 
In taklng dictation. Cal ~1 02. (4124-51 $65 or two lor $7510b0. Good condition. 
1) 454.3163. (4124-518) 
Office Help Wanted · Receptionist, phones, 
data entry, mailing, filing etc. lor a smaIt 
home-basect. business. Flexible part time 
hours available 1 Q.2OInIWk, summer or aM 
year. Experiencewith Macintosh Computers 
required. Starting at $6Ihr. Call 450-4479. 
lax 677-0733. (4/24·S/4) 
Apple Computers · Now hiring lor summer 
positions. Seeking individuals with good 
people skills available from mid.June to end 
of July. PIT and FIT positions available. 
Computer lechnical skills helpful, but not 
required . Please caU Mike or TIm at 594· 
6735. Leave message with name and 
number. We will can you to set up interview. 
(4/27·S/1) 
Two helpers needed lor assistance with on· 
campus event, Sal 5/6 from 6:00 • 10:00 
pm , Including event sel·up. parking 
attendant, moving tables & chairs, and c1ean-
up. Leave message on 459-0130. (4/27-5/ 
4) 
Help wanted · part time janitorial Sun· Thurs 
Spm·midnight. Wi. train. Must have reliable 
transportation. UCSD area. 281·2298. (4/ 
27·S/8) 
Molher'sHeiperlor2and 4 year old, Solana 
Beach, 1 Q.15 tvS/Wk. Ref's req'd. $7/hr. No 
calls alter 5 PM. 755·4699. (511·5/4) 
Earn $5()().S20001 month part lime, Easy, 
lun. Full Iraining, High Income career 
potential also · your choice. 456·5543. (S/I . 
5118) 
RESORT JOBS · Earn to $12/hr. + lips. 
Trop ical & Mountain destinations 
nationwide. 1·206-632-<lISO ext. R59762. 
(511-611) 
Environment Jobs lor the Summer. Earn 
S25OO-$3500 & Free the Planet Campaign 
to save endangered species, promote 
recycling and stop polluters. Work with major 

H 
A 
N 
D 

Scooter · YamahaRiva 180. greet condition. 
new ballery, jusl tuned· up, $8SO obo 
includes lock and helmet. Call 622·1955. (4/ 
17·S/1) 
Smith Corona Word Processsor. Portable 
with AC adaptor and printer. Accessories 
included. Excellent condition. $220 OBO. 
Yvonne 81535·1986. (4/24-618) 
PageIPlant TICkets. Sold out show. May 
13th S.D. Sports Arena. Call Dave: 259· 
2527. $751pair. (4/24·5/4) 
For Sale: art easels (2 sizes, solid wood); 
cdlvideo storage cases; bogen photO/video 
tripod; steel cashbox; portable filebox; xtra· 
long kryptonite bike lock; slriloard; wetsu~s 
(full & spring, med); boogieboard; swimfins; 
cork bulletin boards; satel~te speakers w/ 
wooler; hiking boots; 587-8672. (4/27-618) 
Macintosh Classic II· Clarisworks, MS Word, 
keyboard. mouse, 80 MB HD, & MB RAM. 
Uke new $750 OBO. Call Ar.dy 489-5689. 
(S/1 ) 
2 REM tixs. S3S1each. Call Heather 293-
3805. \5Il.S/4) 
Desk, chair, and light, $40 obo. Large T. V./ 
entertainment center table $1 0 OBO. Great 
condition. You pick up! 270-4333. (S/I) 
M700 Cannondale MT bike, Shimano LX 
components and accessories. Paid $850, 
sacrifice $400 or best. Call 225·1128. (S/1 · 
5111 ) 
Must Sell! 9 night vacation to Florida, 
Bahamas t New Orleans. $350 or best 
offer. Call 225·1128. (5/1 ·5/11) 
13" SHARP (Unytron) TV. Oesslhan 1 yr. 
old). greal picture, like new, Remote · $100 
O.B.O. 619·552-0299. (1Q.1Opm). (511 ·5-4) 

534-1414 
TO 

SIGN Up TO 
VOLUNTEER 

The UCSD Guardian CLASSIFlPJ)S 17 

IMC 90ftwIre Myat 25.00. Allum to loIk TrylFrlllAMandlalyVoice-maIIdating lfyau .. a ..... ~.orKtn.l. 
AmeItcIn-bom mall, call ScrippI Rill. dl 
lor mont inIormItIon, 564·7240. (~ 

25.00. (lludirt wnIon) 25.00 COIIWI with eyItIm. Call 886-81Je8. lJM publlclllon 
MatIwnaIIcI BooIdet. c.11457·5536. (511) runber 170. Must be 18+. (4117·5(11) 
Fumilurt For Sale: 1 desk. 1 bookshelf, 1 
nlghlltand. 2 beds. 1 «-. Cheap! Cal 
270-1830. (511) 
live In one, rent other. Charming duplex, 
large lot. Walk to beachl 2BA, 1 bA each. 
1519,000. WIllI Allen Co. ·459-4033. (511 · 
5130) 
Encyclopedia BritannIca Micropedia, DeiUl(e 
Platinum Ed. 0Iiy 6 years old, excellent 
condition, $150 • firm , (511) 

~EH\,I(:E~ 
-wRITING PROBLEM?-Professional 
writer with 350 publication credits offers 
ethical assislance with term papers. 
theses, dissertations, application essays. 
resumes, screenplays, stories. articles. 
Over 25 years academic experience. Also 
one·day word·processing , editing . 
Moring, critiquing. etc. Bill Delaney 966· 
1641 , (2/16-618) 
FREE COLORED CONTACTS al Ihe 
Costa Verde Classical Eye. Call 452· 
7374 or see the ad in this issue. (2/21-61 
8) , 

Travel·Best Fares·World·Wide, 
personalized service-caJ1 now and Save 
$S. Office or lax 546·7831 . California 
Inlerlink Travel Network. (4/3· 5125) 
INK EXPRESSIONS: Affordable 
publishing lor UCSD students. Typing, 
copyediting. laser printing. Term papers. 
resumes. jobIgrad school appIicalions, 
Call 587·INK' or page usal685-9881. (41 
3-5/4) 
Do Europe $269 anytimel If you're a lillie 
llexible. we can help you beat the airline's 
prices .· NO HIDDEN CHARGES" 
·CHEAP FARES WORLDWIDE" 
AIRHITCH 800·397· 1098 Inlernel: 
Airhitch@net.com.com. (4/10·5130) 
Word processing : manscripls, 
dissertations, Iheses, books, lellers, 
applications, resumes, editing. Accurale! 
Fast/Confidential. Mary Ann 452·9439. 
(4/6-618) 

r--------, I Bty IRI Jldiurn Dr large I 
I gllurt. ~R. get a lIIedium II 
: '~;~;~~F H [ [ : I oIIor. '-" not I. 

Included. One coupon I .., . CVllOfMr. - I 
EqI. -

lluyOIlE I 
12-411. Frun • 

:-GET • ONE I 
FREEl • 
I La Jolla I:almtg rna Reoents Road • 
I Ste. 108 in the Vons Shopping Center • 
I H_l l·9:30S4in.·T1!urs . ·1HOFrl. &Sl1. I 

We accepl competitors' coupons l 

c.II Mom on Mother'I Day tor 30 mlruea 
for only 30 cenII. Save 3O-4CI% oil yorI 
current AT&T, MCI , or Sprint long distance 
bill... or wt111Witch you back plus give you 
$25.00 cash, no queationIllked. 61 ~23-
9345. (4/20-511) 
Computerized Word processing: Term 
paper. Theses, R_, JobApplicalions. 
letters, Business Carda. Excellent Ouafity. 
reasonable. leave message. 61 9-283-61 02. 
(4/24·S/18) 
Ale you having trouble with those Spanish 

~peldlor.lUlyonalcohol'leIectI. 
If you are a'-"'-.~. or Ktn.I. 
AmerIcan-bom mall, call ScrippI R.I •• ch 
lor more InIormaIIon, 564·7240. (4I10-e18) 
HeIItt1y ~ ages 18-45 v-a old 
are needed to participate in a study 
8KMlining the etlectol tIOI.fld on the eyebIiIiI 
reflex at the UCSD Medical Cent .. in 
Hillcrest. Free shlAtle transportation i. 
available. Compensation up to $25.00 wi. 
be provided. Call 543-2494 lor intormation. 
(4/1Q.514) 

classesll WrIM,l can help you. Native speaker MAlES NEEDED: Healthy males, ages 18 
offering Spanish help lor a negotiable rate. to SO, lor a 2·3 hour "Eyeblink Study" at 
Basic conversation and writing skills. Give UCSDIMC in Hillcrest. Can Pattie at 543-
me a call to 678-0408 Eugenia. (4/24·514) • 2314. (4/13·5/25) 
PSYCHOTHERAPY: Identity Issues, 
Depression, Anxiety, Pregnancy, Couples 
Counseling. Rape, Ballered Women. 
Student diSCOlWll Laurie KoIt, Ph.D., La 
Jolla 456-0281. (5/1) 
Attention Studentsl Over S300 in FREE 
Auto care service and S20 in FREE gas. 
Apply at 557·1956. (S/I ·S/18) 
Speed Reading and More! Learn speed 
reading , note taking . self·hypnosls 
lechniques lor relaxation. increased locus 
and memory. Four Tuesday evenings, 
begiM ing May 9. Patty Kishiyama, Certified 
Clinical Hypnotherapisl. 277-4411. (511·514) 
Summer Shape Up. Lose inches and 
pounds. All natural. Safe. Guaranteed. Most 
Important · it works. Ask lor Dr. Tumer. 492· 
8880. (S/I ·5118) 
Expert Typist and Editor. W~I prepare your 
papers expertly and on timE' using Word 
PerIect. Localed n.r UCSD, .. nan Coiby. 
458-0409. (S/I) 

TWINS! II you ate an identical or fraternal 
twin , please parlicipate in a UCSD 
Psychology experiment. Participants will be 
monetarily compensated. Call J. Larsen at 
534-6283. (' 0/17-613) 
Subjects paid lor a study on alcohol's effects. 

--------------------

UCSD Medical Center at Hillcrest needs 
healthy volunteers, ages 18 to SO, lor a 2 
hour ·Eyebiink Study'. $10 plus parking will 
be provided. Call Pattie at 543-2314. (5/1 ) 
Lcoklng lor 3·4 bedroom houseIcondo. In 
La Jolla pre!. near UCSD. Call 677-02201 
450·3028. (5/1 -514) 
Wanted: A.S. Lecture notes lor PoIi ScI 
130H (Vietnam) and Philosophy 15 (Theory 
01 Knowledge). Willing to pay $. Please call 
a.s.a.p. 453-8265. (S/I ) 
Sublet Wanted. Graduate student looking 
lor 1 bedroon\'studio lor the summer. Please 
oontact AleXiITe! (31 0) 459-4161 . (4/27·5/15) 

LO~T \, I) FOI \ I) 
Found: Money. Call to 10. X43181 . (4127·S/4) 
Lost Clarion Stereo Faceplate. If Iourld call 
Steve @ 49Hl045. R-.I. (511·5(4) 

VoUeybaU Baah Servants John 12:26 • J.S. 
(511) 

Lysators NaMY MVD, quite possibly the 
grealest MVD on the net. lei net 
mvd.lysator.liv.se 2000 • Locnar, (511 ) 
1.1 •• you're in my heart with a smile. (4/27·5(8) 

® ir'~ (I'" ~«M''''''N'" r ,-Q/ir'~ ~"'I.rd~/(I.",~I. 
• 25 - 30 Part-lime and Full-lime positions available 
• Work duties will be on the UCSD Campus 
• Begins late June ans runs until August 
• Technical skills helpful, but not necessary, 

We will be interviewing on campus May 819, 
W iIIeresled, cd 594-6735 and Iem yoII name Ind runb •• l!J 

We will call to set up an Interview 

You' •• be "'.1Ii 
GREENbac .... 

we're READ 
... tI. Ad ....... la ...... 

FREE 1::~~ 
With the purchase or any contact tens package betow $89 DailY Wear $129 DISposables 

COMPLETE \ I;~~:-~:!' 

$139~~!ear 
ALL specials ladude teases. ex..... EIp. "',. 

eyec.re kit .lId follow up visit. 

t:r '~":1 ~ 4~ 

.:: _v " " 
, .' 

." 

(iIJ • . 

. . 



18 SPORTS 

Sensitive, Affordable Dental Care 
Did)VU know ••• 

... m. preventive dental treatment ocrually lowell the COlI of your dental 
c:.eower the long tenn! With It. check-ups and cleanings ~ can catch 
_Iilde problems before they become big ones, ardprevent build-up on your" from causing tissue Inakdown and bone loss. 

So why nOl talte care of your mouth at least as ~II as you talte care of 
yourClr.J brine youI1elf in for a check-up and cleaning ... 50 you won't 
_aupend a small fortuM on a new model in the rutult. 

Your llaturalsmile is a trea5U1t worth protecting ... and with today's 
.... ill COIIIIetiC techniques, we can even make it brighter than ever at 
IIinimII expense to you. Call \IS today! 

LA Jow. VWQE DENTAL OmCE 
James E. Sanford, D.D.S. 

General, Inventarive, and Cosmetic Services 
Most insln"lJl"la ~ • MmIbtr ADA. CDA. SDCDS 

La 10114 ViUGre Pro(asionGl Center, ' -5.1.4) .... Vi/lotr Oriw 
8950 ViDa 1410Ua Dr., Suite 2103- Topf/oor.;....btItitttlrJo. £JqIoaru a. 

Ewning & Sanada:y appointments availabk 558·3490 

Earn up to 15 units this summer! 
SDSU's 

Summer' 
Sessions 
May 30- August 18 t 1995 
• Sessions begin throughout the summer 
• Hundreds of courses from over 56 

departments! 
• Uncrowded campus - no parking 

congestion 

Register by mail now, or in person beginning 
May I, at the Col/ege of Extended Studies, 
SDSU Gateway Center, corner of Hardy Ave. 
and Campanile Dr. 

Hours: 9 am-7 pm Monday-Thursday 
9 am-S pm Friday 
8 am-I 2 noon Saturday 

For more information or to have a 
free catalog mailed to yout call 

SDSU Summer Sessions at 594-5152. 

The UCSO Guardian Monday, May 1,1995 

Tritons Pick a Split End 
EVEN: UeSD finished the season by splitting against see and Redlands 
By D.n Kr8ft 
Associate Sports Editor 

With another season now in the 
books, the UCSO softball team will 
once again be forced to look back 

at the beginning of 
the year and ask, 
"What did we do 
wrong?" 

The Tritons came 
on strong in the lat-
ter half of the season, 
and were hanging 
tough with top-notch 

squads from California and around 
the nation, bu.t this run came too late 
for the playoffs. 

On Saturday afternoon, the Tri-
tons played their final games in a 
doubleheader against Redlands . 
Between games, graduating seniors 
Lisa Gil and April Williams were 
recognized by coaches and players 
alike. The salute was well deserved, 
especially considering the perfor-
mance which it followed. 

The first game was a 6-1 domi-

nation of the Bulldogs, thanks to the 
phenomenal pitching of Gil, who 
hurled a complete game one-hitter, 
displaying the skills which made her 
one of the best softballers in UCSO 
history. 

After giving up a hit to the first 
Redlands' batter, Gil proceeded to 
retire 19 of the next 20 Bulldogs, 
and then the Triton bats took over. 
In the second innning, catcher 
Kristy Schilling got things started 
with a blazing single up the middle. 
Following a picture-perfect bunt by 
Courtney Hughes, Clair Alvies 
smoked a hit through the pitcher 'S 
circle to load the bases with no outs. 

One out later, a sweet squeeze 
play by Williams tallied UCSO's 
first run. Mter an error by Redlands 
and a deep sac fly by Nora Stephany, 
the Tritons had grabbed a com-
manding 4-0 lead. 

Gil 's superb pitching held the 
lead, and UCSD tacked on two more 
runs in the fourth to make the score 
6-0. An error in the seventh resulted 

NOW SERVICING 

00 
4630 ~ISSIOt4 lAY 0It1Y! • SAN DIlGO, CAlIfORNIA 91109 

275-1132 
1 00/ All REPAIRS /0 OFF With thiS coupon 9IudenII. fIIaAIy"" _ with .... 1eI UCSO 10. 'ExcepI mcIOr.,., b_ •• -. , .....n.uI. $1 .000 ImiI. Net _..." WPf - coupon. Exp. &'30/95. 

in the Bulldogs' only run ofthe con-
test. 

Game two appeared to be headed 
in the same direction, as freshmen 
pitcher Lindsay Harris held 
Redlands through the first four in-
nings, while her teammates built up 
a 3-1 lead. Singles by Kim Reynick, 
Gil and Kristin Schueler in the third 
stanza resulted in a 2-1 UCSO lead. 
An inning later, Harris helped her 
own cause by singling to open the 
fourth inning and eventually scor-
ing on an RBI shot by Williams. 

With Shannon Mounger trying to 
defend the Triton lead in the fifth, 
the Bulldog bats came to life, tally-
ing three runs. UCSD was unable 
to muster any more offense. It ended 
the season with a 4-3 defeat and a 
15-21 record. 

The split was UCSO's second in 
three days. On Thursday afternoon, 
the Tritons welcomed a powerful 
squad from SCC (38-17) to NCR 
stadium. After keeping pace with 

See SOFTBALL, Page 15 

TRACK: A 
landmark day 
Continued from pale 20 

On the women 's side, Michele 
Oomico wrote her name over yet 
another UCSD school record, fly-
ing to a 38 '3.25" distance in the 
triple jump. Teammate Renee 
Sprowl also leapt her way into the 
finals on Saturday - in the long 
jump (18 ' I. 75"). She closed out the 
weekend in sixth place with a solid 
personal best. 

Joining the growing group of 
" personal besters," Lisa Shepard 
notched a seventh-place, 14.58 time 
in the IOO-meter hurdles. 

Rounding out the phenomenal 
Triton performers, Michela 
Monahan improved as the meet con-
tinued. She qualified for the finals 
in the 4OQ-meter hurdles in 63.87, 
and then lowered her time to 63.76 
en route to earning eighth place. 

"It was a landmark day for our 
program," Salerno said. " I was im-
mensely proud the way we went toe-
to-toe with Division I programs." 

You'll be _In. 
aREEN bee ... 

w.'r. READ 

Paris 
London 
Frankfurt 
Tokyo 
Bangkok 
Rio de Janeiro 
Sydney 
·f ..... ca:h-rtan Son Dir9D a 1m NI!d<s _ on 
• """"'*' __ T_ no( ncUXd ond IaIrittlorI app/y.(jIu __ _ 

Coundl Travel 

Monday, May 1, 1995 The UCSD Guardian ~ ---~~~~~---------------------------------------~~~~~~---------------------------------------------------~IY-

Til: AS. 
Hotbox 

cIttd"n. for applying Is fast-approach-
Don't miss It today. May 1 !It 4j3Opmlll 
up an Interest form at the A.S. offices 

the 3rd floor of the Price Center. Remem-
the IlT!portant details about this program: 

• rent's only $170/month (not incl. utilities) 
• must be a Sr. or Jr. next year. 
- you are eligible if you applied for financial 

aid & qualify for financial aid loans(these 
loans are not necessarily need-based!) 

• housing will be in the South Mesa Apts: 
the biggest & nicest apts. on campus! 

.PL .... ~:A call the AS. offices at 534-4450 to 
answers to any questions you may have 

the program. 

REVELLE COLLEGE ELECTIONS 
Revelle College Council elect ions are 
here ... again. This election 's ballots will be 
sent to you by mail and must be returned by 
May 1 0 at 4pm at designated ballot boxes 
in Revelle Dean's office & College Center. 

A.A.S.U. SEMI-FORMAL 
' AND STill WE RISE.' African-Americans 
United in leadership invites everyone to their 
Semi-Formal. Tickets oost $12 in advance 
and $15 as of May 5. Dinner served at 8pm. 
There will be a OJ and photos. So come and 
enjoy th is special evening with us! 
Saturday. May 6 from 7pm-1 am. 
Price Center Ballroom 
Questions? Call 587-2605. 

BLACK GRADUATION PARTICIPANTS 
Attention African American graduates!! The 
Black graduation committee needs your sur-
veys immeidately! You won't be counted as 
a participant in the ceremony if they are not 
received by Ashanti at TMC Dean's office. 
Due ASAPII Call 534-4390 for more info. 

-To SPEAK Up OR NOT-
SOLO presents a seminar entitled, ' To 
Speak Up or Not- That is the Dilemma! ' 
Embrace your assertiveness! This workshop 
will fine tune your skills with fresh 
perspectives. Assertiveness is an 
inseparable companion on the road to 
effective communication. 
Wednesday, May 10 at 7pm 
Gallery e, 2nd floor of the Price Center 
Questions? Call 534·0501 . 

SHABBAT SERVICES AND DINNER 
United Jewish Observance invites you to join 
us for a special Shabbat Service and Dinner 
with members of KOACH from all over 
California. Sign up at Chai Point (3rd fir. Price 
Center-room *3.307). 
Friday. May 5 at 6:30pm 
Questions? Call 534-6244. 

FITWALK 
Your Student Health Advocates invite you 
to join us in our fitness walking program. The 
program goes through June 9th, so you still 
have time to get in shape for the summer! 
We meet at the Sun God at 1 pm Monday. 
Wednesday. and Friday. weather permitting. 
Questions? Call Mahdu at 534-2419 . 

AS. Authorized Propaganda is produced by the Associ -
ated Studems. UCSD. Student Orgs may advertise by • 
filling out the form lOcated outside the A.S. Secretary'S 
office on the 3rd floor of the Price Center or e-mail us 
(subject: Authorized Propaganda) : asuC8d@UI;Sd.edu. 
Submissions are due each Wednesday at noon for the 
neKt Monday's issue . 

• 

With the recent elections comes an end to 
appointees and the opportunity to be ap-
pointed to a plethora of positions. The fol-
lowing are positions open for appointment: 

Director of Public Relations 
Operations, Development Director 
Campus Office Director 
Public Relations, Editorial Services 
Public Relations, Oritntatlon Coordinator 
UCSA Representative 
Posting Service 
Financial Controller 
ASUCSD Rentals Manager 
Finance office. Income Manager 
Representative to UCAB 
Programming, Asst. Programmer 
College Club Manager (paid!) 

Call the AS. offices at 534-4450 if you have 
any questions or if you want to know which 
of the above are paid. Job descriptions & 
applications are available on the 3rd floor of 
Price Center,at Associated Students office. 

WHO REPRESENTS You? 
WiIh the recent elections. came all n_ AS. Coun· 
cil Members. If you are interested in finding out 
who will be making decisions fO( you this next year. 
come to our A.S. Meeting on Wednesday, imme-
diately following the old Council's brief 6 :30pm 
meeting on the 3rd fir. of the Price Center. in the 

CHICANOS/LATINOS FOR CREATIVE MED 
We anxiously await your presence at the 
next general meeting. Guest speaker, i -Shirt 
Sale and Elections! Everyone considering 
running for a position must attend. 
Wednesday, May 3rd at 6pm in MTF *168. 
Questions? Call 546·8046. 

INTERFAITH DATING 
Come eat FREE PIZZA as UJO presents 
conservative rabbi. Rabbi Zuckerman, in a 
class entitled ' The Ramifications of Interfaith 
Dating.' See you there. tonight! 
Monday, May 1 at 6pm in the 
Berkeley room. 2nd fir. Price Center. 
Questions? Call Chai Point at 534-6244. 

VSA SEMI-FORMAL DANCE & CRUtSE 
Hurry! Buy your tickets for the Vietnamese 
Student Association Semi-Formal Cruise & 
Dance in person at the VSA office located 
on the 2nd floor of the Price Center (above 
the P.C. Theatre in the SMC offices) . If you 
have questions. call us for more information 
on the event. Starting May 1 st. tickets will 
be $35 per oouple. 
Friday, May 26 from 11 :3Opm-2:3Qam. 
Questions? Call VSA office at 534-47~6 or 
Tu-Anh at 458·1078. 

ATTENTlON, REVELLE SENIORSI 
The Revelle Graduation Committee invites 
you to the Revelle Senior Night at the Pub. I 
"..rry lI_ry will perform, don~ miss It! Free 
snacks will be provided. 
Wednesday, May 3rd from 5: 30-8:00pm 
Porter's Pub, Old Student Center. 

MtD EAST FEST PLANNING MEETING 
Anyone interested in planning the MID EAST 
FEST DAY & NIGHT. please come to the 
planning meeting. The culture day is May 9 
(11 am·2pm) & the night dance is on May 13 
(8pm- 2am) . Brought to you by the Persian 
Club. UJS, SANGAM, Society of Afghan, Ar· 
menian Student Assoc., & the Arab Club. 
Tuesday. May 2nd at 7:30pm 
Santa Barbara room. 2nd flr Price Center. 

RAZA GRAOUATION BENEFIT DANCE 
The RAZA Graduat ion Committee 
announces the dance th is Friday at the 
Cross-Cultural Center (located next to the 
Warren literature Bldg .• 510 ERC) . All 
procedes benefit RAZA Graduates. D.J. Hyst 
and other special guest D.J .'s will be there . 
Admission: $4 before 10pm. $5 after 10pm. 

. Friday. May 5 from 8pm·1 am. 

VOLUNTEER CONNEcnoN 
4Women- Be a big sister! Promote self-es· 
teem & awareness in young women. Match 
ups start this week so fill out a schedule. 
A.S.T.- Active Student for Teensl Tutor Mira 
Mesa High teens-work one-on-one, in the 
classroom. or in a homework lab. 
'-nd. on SIn Diego- Get ready for our one 
clay Campus-wide service eventl MAY 13! 
Do you nted a job? Appllcttlon. now 
being tceepted for I5-M sttff position •• 
stop by tht ofIIct todtyl Due Illy 101 

Take .n tctIv. role, VoIuntttrl 
534-1414. 2nd floor Price Center 

INFORM THE PUBUC ABOUT A.S. 
Today I. tht dead lin. to tum In your .po 
pllcttlon for the position of Director of 
Public Relttlon. for th. AAoc:ltted Stu-
dents. If creative brainstorming is your forte . 
then this Is your calling! The position entails 
designing Authorized Propaganda, a bi-quar· 
teriy newsletter, and implementing new pro· 
grams and events to promote the Associ· 
ated Students and its positions on hot issues 
as well as everyday business. Call 534·4450 
If you have any Q's. Make sure to turn in 
your application by 4pm today at the AS. 
offices on the 3rd floor of the Price Center!!! 

MtD EAsT FEST DAV/NITE 
Join the Persian Club. Sangam. UJS. Soci-
ety of Afghan. Armenian Student Associa· 
tion. & Arab Club in a celebration of the 
Middle East! The Cultural Day is May 9th, 
from 11 am-2pm, in the Price Center. There 
will be music. danCing, food . fun. The night 
dance is on May 13th. from 8pm-2am at the 
Pub. Come & join in on all the fun of the Mid 
East Fest Day & Night!!! 

BLACK GRADUATION SPEAKER 
AASU Black Graduation committee is look· 
ing for a senior speaker and an underclass 
tribute speaker. Speeches are to be submit· 
ted by May 8th at 4pm in the TMC Dean's 
office to Ashanti Houston. 
Questions? Call 534-4390 for more info. 

SOLO SPECtAL AWARDS 
Student Organizations & leadership Oppor-
tunities Awards & Satum Award Applications 
will be given out in the following categories: 
Outstanding Student Organization Award. 
Outstanding Student Organization Program 
Award. Saturn Award. Outstanding Commu· 
nity Service Award. & Outstanding Scholar-
ship Promotion Program. 
Awards will be announced 
at the May 18th Awards 
Banquet. Applications are 
available now. 
Questions? Call Nikki at 
534-0501 . 

PRE-MED CLUB: 
. PHYSICIAN LECTURE 

The Pre-Med Club presents 
Dr. Kevin McCauley speak· 
ing about the role of today's 
physician in the medical pr~ 
fession. He will also be 
available to provide some 
helpful tips for the medical 
school application process. 
Tuesday, May 2 at 7:00pm 
Price Center Cove (by the 
food court) 

ISRAEU INDEPENDENCE 
CELEBRATION 

lAC invites you to come join 
us celebrate Yom 
Ha'atzmaut! Delici ous 
Falafel will be for sale and 
free birthday cake! 
Wed. May 3 : 11am-2pm 
Price Center Plaza 

THURS 
MAY 
4 $'1 

Work in a fun environment with other 
dents while learning to critique resumes. 
conduct Interviews. & establish business 
contacts. The A .S. Internship Office is 
hiring six student directors for next year. 
directors include the following departments: 
Executive, Development, National, CalIfor-
nia, San DIego, & Public Relations ,mll.a._ 
have knowledge of PageMaker) . 
For more information on any of these 0p-
portunities. please come by our office on the 
2nd floor of the Price Center. by the eleva-
tor. 

CouEGE CLUB ... MORE GOODIES TO 
OFFER Now WHEN You HOOK Upl 

Now students get a FREE SOON! Call 550-
1995 to get hooked on the system. Don't 
forget all the fringe benefits of being a Col-
lege Club Member- hundreds upon hun-
dreds of really cool discounts at local busi-
nesses! If you already have a voice mailbox 
with us, then you might be interested in fill-
ing the paid position of AS. College Club 
Manager. working to improve the uses of the 
system for the student body. Call 534-4450. 

ELEANOR ROOSEVELT ·YEAR OF 
DEDICATION- ART EXHIBIT 

We are looking for ERC students to 
contribute art. poetry, & small theatrica l 
pieces for the last ERC Dedication event! 
For a more detailed description of th is first 
class exhibit . contact 534-2237. Event is on 
May 25 from 7 -9pm 
Questions? Call Stacy' at 534-2237 . 

VARIAsIANS:ASIANS OF MIXED HERITAGE 
Workshop & panel discussion entitled, "Iden-
tity & Experiences of Multi-EthniC/Multi-Aa-
cial People.· led by Dr. Manese & Dr. W u of 
Psychological & Counseling Services. 
Tuesday. May 9 from 12-1 pm in . 
Gallery A. 2nd floor Price Center 

NUTRITION ASSESSMENT & COUNSEUNG 
Your Student Health Advocates want you to 
ask yourself if your cholesterol is too high or 
too low! Get your cholesterol screened for 
only $5 . Are you receiving adequate 
nutrtition from your meals? Come to Student 
Health for a FREE Nutrition Assessment. 
Weekly. Fridays & Thursdays from 1-3pm 
Student Health Services 
Questions? Call 534·2419. 

-. 

-



20 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian Monday, May 1, 1995 

KHHFTY 
I 

DANKRAFf 

Mourning 
Glory? 

It's not often that a serious 
topic graces our humble little 
sports page, and it's even less 
often that I rail against some 
aspect of the sporting world. 
However, the events in 
Oklahoma City have prompted 
a bit of debate to which I 
would like to add my - albeit 
uninformed - two cents. 

SDSU Gets Triton Spanking 

Last Sunday, while the 
nation grieved for the tragic 
deaths in Oklahoma, games 
and tourneys were held in 
professional leagues ranging 
from the NBA to the PGA. All 
of these events began with a 
moment of silence in remem-
brance of ~he bombing victims. 
To many people across the 
nation, this was a hollow 
gesture that fell short of a true 
national day of mourning. 

CRUSHED: The Triton 
polo players finally get 
revenge VS. Aztecs 
By Dan Sweeney 
Senior Staff Writer 

It is not too difficult to under-
stand why the UCSD women's wa-
ter polo team is ranked third in the 

nation, primed to win 
another national title. 

After all, the Tritons 
are the defending na-
tional champions; their 
win-loss record is 18-
4; they qualified for the 
USA Collegiate Na-
tionals held in College 

Park, MD; and they have a plethora 
of powerful shooters, such as Jen-
nifer Payne, Shawna Caballero, 
Kelly Gilbreth and Julie Swail. 

My question to the commis-
sioners and governing boards 
of these leagues: What makes 
your games so important? Why 
do they alone, among so many 
American institutions, remain 
open for business on this 
morbid occasion? 

But these things alone do not 
make a champion. To be that good, 
a team needs something else -
namely, big-time "D." In this case, 
"D" stands for defense, and the Tri-

Heidi Muzhik/ GuMrI/an 
The Triton defeMe atIfled the Azteca, allowllll only alx ,oalaln the UCSD victory on Friday. 

I firmly believe that 
"business" is the operative 
word in these questions. It was 
not, as some have contended, a 
way of demonstrating that "life 
must go on." No, it was purely 
business. After all, television 
contracts had been signed ana 
dates had been set - those 
multi-billion dollar contracts 
between sport and network 
must be paid in full. 

This was not the first time 
that professional sports elected 
to leave schedules intact 
during a national calamity. In 
1963, NFL commish Pete 
Rozelle set the precedent, 
determing that the games 
should go on after the John F. 
Kennedy assassination, with a 
pre-game moment of silence 
serving as the token of 
remembrance. 

Today's owners and 
commissioners were clearly 
reluctant to sacrifice their 
profits to mourn the tragedy in 
Oklahoma. Instead, they fell 
back on the example set by the 

, respected Rozelle, whose 
authority would never be 
questioned. 

tons have it in spades. 
their goals w.ere really [due to] mis-
takes on our part." 

puncturing the Aztec defense with 
laser beam-like shots to add to her 
four-goal afternoon. She was far 
from alone in UCSD's scoring col-
umn, however, as Gilbreth and 
Swail each collected two goals 
apiece. 

"Defense is our forte," UCSD 
Head Coach Denny Harper said. 

The scary part of it is that the Tri-
tons feel that they can play even bet-

Indeed, the sec-
ond-ranked San Water Warrlo ...... 

TrItonI 4 1 2 2 
Aztecs 1 4 0 1 
,.,..., J. 41Oa1s 
SwaII, J. 2 goals 
GIItnth, K. 21Oa1s 

• 8 

ter defense than 
they did in 
Friday's game. 

Of course, in 
order to win a wa-
ter polo game you 
have to be able to 
get the ball into the 
opponent's cage, 

Despite all this, the game was 
surprisingly knotted 5-5 at halftime. 
That was before UCSD picked up 
steam and rolled over the Aztecs in 
the second half, putting up four 
goals to a lone SDSU score. 

Diego State Az-
tecs (21-6), who 
UCSD defeated 
handily, 9-6, on 
Friday at 
Canyonview Pool, 
would most cer-
tainly agree. . 

"They didn't produce too much 
offense," Harper said of the visitor's 
meager six goals. "And a couple of 

and Harper also has plenty of people 
who can do that. 

"All year long the"fourth period 
has been our period." Harper said 
of his team's late-game overpower-
ing play. "In any tight game, after 

In particular, Payne earned ku-
dos for her strong performance, 

A UCSD Track Landmark 
CASTNERED: UCSD had an epic meet, hanging easily with tough 
Division I foes at the weekend Cal/Nevada.State Championships 
ByTeddUdd 
Sports Editor 

Imagine you're a runner for the UCSD track 
and field team at last weekend's two-day Cali-
fornia/Nevada State Collegiate Championships 

in Fresno, CA. 
You look to your left: There's 

Stanford in lane one and Berkeley 
in lane two. You look to your right: 
There's UCLA in lane four and 
USC in lane five. And then you, a 
"student-athlete" from a Division 
III school, go on to win it all. 

Sounds like a dream, right? J.J. 

Head Coach Tony Salerno said. "He basically 
waxed the Division I competition." 

But Castner's feat was nearly commonplace 
among the plethora of Triton standouts at the 
highly competitive meet. Seven UCSD athletes 
advanced to the final events on Sunday. 

One of whom was Earnest Clark. The steady 
performer sprinted to a fifth-place, 48.08 time in 
the 400 meters. It was a .62 second improvement 
from his finals qualifying time on Saturday. 

makjng halftime adjustments, we 
come out really strong. That's been 
a pretty good trend for us. " 

When it was all said and done, 
the Tritons had expected a litlle 
more from their adversaries. 

"(The Aztecs] didn't put in an 
aJl-out effort," Harper said. "I would 
have liked to see an all-out effort 
on their part." 

Not that the Tritons are com-
plaining: It was the fourth time that 
the cross-town foes had clashed, but 
only the first in which UCSD had 
emerged victorious. It was also the 
final regular-season game between 
the two teams. 

I can't deny that I watched 
all those events on TV, bowing 
my head to more than one 
moment of silence. But I still 
wonder if it wouldn't have 
been more appropriate to 
postpone the games, observing 
a day of mourning for every-
one in our saddened nation. 

Castner did it. The Triton long-distance star set 
a buge personal best in the 5,OOO-meter race, 
grabbing first place in a time of 14:28.58. 

"[Castner's] mark was amazing," UCSD 

Fellow trackmate Goss Lindsay also did ex-
ceptionally well, slamming the 1,500 meters in 
3:57.01. His time, an automatic NCAA qualify-
ing mark, was also an improvement - 6.01 sec-
onds - from the day before. In the field, Eryn 
Houston reigned supreme, earning a sixth-place, 
22'7" distance in the long jump. 

See TRACK, Page 18 
Mark Patterson/ GuIRl/", 

Earnest CI_ dashed to fifth In the 400. 

...... 1: 
Sat., May 6, vs. Cal State San Bemardino at Triton Stadium, 

12 p.m. 
"'a Crew: 

Sat., May 6, at Miller Cup In Marina Del Rey, CA 
W_'aCrew: 

Sun., May 7, at Newport Invitational in Newport Beach, CA 

Crew: 
UCSD men 
grabbed first 
place, as the 
women took 
second,at the 
S.D. City 
Championships 
last weekend. 

SoftHII: 
The Triton 
sluggers 
closed out the 
season with 
doubleheader 
splits against 
Redlands and 
SCC. 

• 

• 


