
.:t ~1 :t'.": l:t ,1 =II 
Graduatl", AaI .. 
Create Scholarship 
DA VIS - As part of the 
graduating class' gift to the 
university, the UCD Class of 
'95 Council, a committee of 
the Cal Aggie Student Alumni 
Network, is attempting to raise 
$25,000 to create a scholarship 
for future Davis students. The 
council.wUI begin a letter-
writing campaign in the next 
few weeks, urging students 
and alumni to pledge dona-
tions to the scholarship fund. 
The council has already 
collected $10,469 and hopes to 
top last year's pledges of 
$24,000. 

- The California Aggie 

Professor Named 
Poet Laureate 
BERKELEY - Robert Haas, 
UCB professor of English, has 
been appointed the next Poet 
Laureate by the Library of 
Congress. Haas is the first 
Poet Laureate from the 
Western United States, 
succeeding writers such as 
Robert Penn Warren, Jo eph 
Brodsky and current Poet 
Laureate Rita Dove. As the 
59th selection, Haas will 
spend much of 1996 at the 
Library of Congres in 
Washington, D.C., worki ng to 
promote American poetry. 

- UC New Wire 

Pesticide Research 
Wins Honors 
DA VIS - Bruce Hammock, a 
UCD professor of entomology 
and environmental toxicology, 
received the Alexander von 
Humboldt award last Monday 
in recognition of his contribu-
tions to pest control in U.S. 
agriculture. The award, given 
to the individual believed to 
have made the biggest 
contribution to U.S. agricul-
ture in the previous five years, 
comes with a $15,000 prize. 
Hammock's research focuses 
on three areas in agriculture 
and pesticides: the use of 
natural agents, such as viruses, 
as pesticides; the use of 
immunological methods to 
detect pesticides in urine or 
blood; and the regulation of 
xenobiotic metabolism, the 
way harmful molecules are 
metabolized in the body. 

- UC News Wire 

EUROPE 
FEATURES:UCSD 
students mix work and play 
as they blitzkrieg across 
Europe 8 

SPORTS: UCSD men 's 
and women's track teams 
hustled to fourth place in 
last weekend's meet 20 

, H u 

UCSAN DIEGO MONDAY, MAY 15, 1995 

THRILL OF VICTORY 

Yakov ZolotOff!V/Gusrdian 
Usa Shepard sprinted to first place In the l.00-meter hurdles at yaterday's 
conference meet at UCSD. Her time of 14.39 seconds was a new personal best. 

Senate Budget Committee 
Endorses Education Cut 
MARK-lIP: Republicans 
push ahead $14.5 billion cut 
with 11-9 partisan vote 
By Ben Elgin 
Associate News Editor 

Citing the importance of a balanced bud-
get, Senate Budget Committee members 
Thursday voted along partisan lines to ap-
prove a resolution which would eliminate 
federal deficits in seven years by cutting 
various programs, including federally subsi-
dized student loans. 

Using their new-found majority to push 

the idea of a smaller government, all 11 
Republicans voted for the budget mark-up, 
while the nine committee Democrats dis-
sented. 

"As promised, House Republicans are 
presenting a plan to balance the budget for 
the first time in a generation," stated San 
Diego Rep. Brian Bilbray, who will be vot-
ing on a similar budget resolution later this 
week. "The future of our children depends 
upon our efforts to reimpose fiscal sanity in 
this country." 

The House Budget Committee has rec-
ommended a $18.7 biUion cut in higher edu-

See STAFFORD Page 2 

c s D 

VOLUME 85, ISSUE 13 

UCSD Class of 
. '95 Unveils Gift 
At Disability 
Awareness Day 
PRESENT: Disabled students will 
benefit by controlling computer 
software with vocal commands 
By Karen Cheng 
Senior Staff Writer 

UCSD's class of 1995 will present its Senior Gift 
of voice-activated DragonDictate computer software 
at today's Disabilities Awareness Day, held at the 
Price Center Plaza and Ballroom from 11 a.m. to 2 
p.m. 

Entitled" A Celebration of Ability," the Disabili-
ties Awareness Day will feature a variety of vendors 
who will demonstrate the latest technological equip-
ment available to assist disabled students and employ-
ees. 

The event will also feature art, music, dance and 
sports events, with raffle prizes and speakers, includ-
ing representatives from Canine Co.mpanions for In-
dependence. 

"This day is to celebrate and look at the abilities of 
people rather than their disabilities," said Employee 
Rehabilitation Program Manager Barry Niman. "It is 
also to emphasize the fact that disabled people have a 
lot to contribute to society." 

Niman said that he is excited about the possibilities 
of this year's Senior Gift. 

"The basic concept is that one speaks into the 
microphone on the computer and the sound goes 
through the soundboard and acts as an alternate input 
device," said Niman. 

"When you say 'Wake Up,' it turns on; 'Go to 
Sleep,' it turns off; and 'Oopsl' it will correct your 
mistake. Anything you can do on the keyboard or the 
mouse, you can do with your voice, and you can 
alternate back and forth between you.r voice and using 
the keyboard," he added. 

DragonDictate has a vocabulary of apprOlumately 
115,000 words, and each user can have a voice profile 
which contains an active vocabulary of up to 30,000 
words. The computer can compare the words it hears 
and will come up with the best word, as well as nine 
different synonyms, for that word. 

According to Niman, software such as 
DragonDictate is extremely helpful to people who .. 
have mobility impairments such as Carpel Tunnel 
Syndrome, which results from repetitive strain injury 
to different parts of the body. 

"The idea [of) voice input is mainly for people with 
See GIFT, Page 3 

UCSD Researchers Pinpoint Location of Vision in the Brain 
SIGHT: Outer brain motor processing takes place. "The technique allows us to over- than do monkeys. 
tissue is the site for Martin Sereno and Anders Dale come the convolutions of the cortex Through studies on monkeys' of UCSD's cognitive science de- like blowing up a balloon," said brains using magnetic resonance 
sensory information partment have devised a computer- Sereno. "Once you have the images imaging and other methods, scien-

ized method that "blows up" a model where activity is, the computer can tists had already been able to define 
By Rebecca Hall of the brain to see past its folds unfold it and one can see the pattern the border of the primary visual cen-
Guardian Reporter which previously made the research across the brain." ter. Known as the V1 visual center, 

Through a state-of-the-art mag- impossible. Using this technology, Sereno optical information is first processed 
netic imaging technique, UCSD re- Oneofthe greatest problems that and Dale have discovered crucial here after being sent from the eye 
searchers believe to have accurately scientists have faced in studying the. differences between lower primate to the brain. However, the borders 
defined areas of several locations in brain's cortex is the immense sur- and human brains. While human of the secondary and "higher" vi-
the brain where visual information face area contained within its folds. and monkey cortexes are very simi- sual centers, estimated to number 
is processed. Scientists have been able to obtain lar, humans possess larger second- about 25, were previously unknown. 

These centers exist on the cor- computer imaged "slices" of the ary visual areas. According to Sereno Using their computer-imaging 
tex, the convoluted outer tissue of brain, but not an overall view of the and Dale, humans have the ability to technique, Sereno and Dale were 
the brain, where all sensory and actual surface of the brain. distinguish images in finer details See BRAIN, Page 2 



2 NEWS 

STAFFORD: 
51,000 UC students 
received subsidized 
loans last year 
Continued from ..... 1 
cation, while its Senate counterpart 
has proposed a S 14.5 billion cut. 

Congressional Republicans say 
that a balanced budget is a higher 
priority than many domestic pro-
grams and is worth the sacrifice. 

"Many popular and worthy pro-
grams will be subject to reductions, 
stated Bilbray. "But the status quo is 
indefensible, and we must balance 
the budget as a whole with Ihe guid-
ing principle that without fiscal dis-
cipline, we face fiscal ruin as a coun-
try." 

Both branches of Congress will 
debate the proposed budget plan 
during the next two weeks before 
each chamber holds a separate vote 

. on the proposed mark-up. 
According to the United States 

Student Association (USSA), fed-
erally subsidized student loans will 
be the primary target, even though 
actual cuts will be decided by edu-
cation committee members. 

"The budget committee sends in-
structions to the education commit-
tee telling them to cut a certain 
amount of money," said USSA 
member Laura McClintock. "The 
education committee decides where 
the [money] comes from." 

McClintock said the cut, if 

BRAIN: Humans 
have superior ability to 
distinguish images 
Continued from .,... 1 
able to map and precisely define the 
borders of several secondary visual 
centers located in the back of the 
brain called V2, YP, V3,and V4 and 
MT. 

Humans also possess greater ar-
eas of "space" or cortex in between 
these sensory centers that was not 
believed to be committed to anyone 
specific function. 

Some scientists assumed that this 
extra space was correlated to hu-
mans' abilities to perform abstract 
tasks such as learning and speaking 
language which monkeys are not 
able to do. " With mOre space, the 

passed, would seal the fate of subsi-
dized loans, because many lawmak-
ers say thv it is too costly a program 
for a government that must become 
financially sound. 

Interest on subsidized Stafford 
Loans is paid for by the federal 
government as long as the student 
remains in school. Interest on non-
subsidized Stafford Loans accrues 
throughout the duration of a 
student 's education and must be paid 
monthly or added to the principal of 
the loan. 

According to Glenn Magpantay, 
executive director of the University 
of California Student Association 
(UCSA), the effects of losing fed-
eral subsidies would be felt through-
out the UC and CSU systems. 

UCSA data indicates that 51 ,000 
UC students received Stafford Sub-
sidized Loans last yar, while nearly 
66,000 CSU students received the 
assistance. Magpantay said the av-
erage amount of loans taken by a 
UC student would accrue S5,350 in 
interest by the time a four-year de-
gree was completed. 

"Students are very upset and they 
have every right to be," said 
McClintock. 

Magpantay said the cuts would 
impact poorer students because some 
degree of financial need must be 
displayed to receive a loan subsidy. 

"We're talking about students 
who are taking loans, taking jobs 
and doing whatever it takes to make 
ends meet," said Magpantay. 

natural assumption was that this was 
correlated to higher-level thinking, " 
said Sereno. 

However, the researchers discov-
ered that, in monkeys, this space is 
not reserved for abstract functions, 
but is fi lied with more sensory cen-
ters, specifically visual, auditory and 
somatosensory. 

" I think that the overall implica-
tion is that... some of the higher-
level things that people do, such as 
language comprehension, may 
heavily involve some of these vi-
sual areas," said Sereno. "There may 
not be areas just devoted solely to 
language." 

The researchers plan on using 
the magnetic imaging technique to 
attempt to construct an accurate 
map of all 25 visual centers on the 
cortex. 

Now Presenting ... 
The Guardian in Cyberspace 

Now Available on the World-Wide Web 
http://www. ucsd_edu/ guardian 

TheI.tSDGwnB!ls pU)Iished MoncIiIIS"'Tlusdays~!he -.,ea bJ'" tor!he_ 
~ 1JCSIl.1Iopocldon ~ ai. /IIWIIIIIlOI iI." loon. _ In _ Ol in pel\. _ pemmiOn Is 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, May 15, 1995 

ETCETERA. • • 
CALVIN a HOBBES by Bill Watterson 

15 PEO!'I.£ IN Ut\t"o ANI) 
11-\10 1£ LlER GOES ot-\ 
8REA1( 'fI lmYJr A 

REPU>.c£MENT. 

I'M W~\T\ "'G 1\)1'10.'1. AtlO 1\\E 
CAS\\IER PIlTS ME Ot\ IlOI.D 

\~ S\£ M) Of 11£ ~~ Ot-l 
11\£ iU£PI\OOE 

\>ON CC,,",,E I :;C"'TA 
C~~MGE '1<10 f\ :R._t> ?/ 

.. -

"til: GET UP ", nE CAAC.I( Of ~fl , 
W,tt.1I CAItl::X)~'S ~ £.l..T S\lGAA'( 
C£REAL ~n\.. 'lIE f1G\\T, M..\\) 
l1-IEN \Itjo\ 1\\~ us OJ! Of 
ll<E ~. IT ~~R ~~s 

\ 

~l l-' , :{" 
~ 

BRIEFLY ... 

Academy Honors Seven UCSD Professors 
Seven UCSD professors were recently elected fel-

lows of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, 
a 215-year-<>1d organization founded to honor achieve-
ments in science, scholarship, the arts and public 
affairs. 

Joining the ranks of the Academy are Professors 
Zachary Fisk, Department of Physics; Arthur Wolfe and 
Veerabhadran Ramanathan, Department of Astronomy 
and Earth Sciences; Robert Engle, Department of 
Economics; Peter Gourevitch, Department of Political 
Science; and Dennis Carson and Gordon Gill, the 
School of Medicine. 

·Your election [to the Academy] recognizes distin-
guished contributions in your field and is the result of 
an extensive selection process involving the entire 
membership of the academy, • stated Academy Presi-
dent Jaroslav Pelikan in a letter addressed to the 
honorees. 

Parkinson's Specialist to Speak 
At La Jolla Awareness Meeting 

Children of Parkinsonians, a noo-profit organiza-
tion dedicated to spreading information about 
Parkinson's Disease, has invited Dennis Sunderman. 
a long-term care specialist from Larry Lambert & 
Associates in Long Beach, to speak from 7·9 p.m. on 
Wed., May 17 at The Well Being in La Jolla. 

Sunderman 's discussion is intended to help 
Parkinson 's patients and their families ·navigate the 
Medicare maze" and give them an overview of the 
California Partnership for Long-Term Care. 

Topics covered will include Medicare, Medicare 
slJpplements, long·term care insurance qualifications, 
plans for families affected by chronic illnesses and a 
comparison between in-home care and nursing-home 
care. . 

Parkinson's is a progressive disease of the ner-
vous system that, in its early stages, is characterized 

by hand and foot tremors and a shuffling gait. There is 
no known cause or cure. 

For more information or reservations, call 481· 
8068 

Revelle College's Top Graduating 
Seniors Recognized at Banquet 

Revelle College held Its 12th Annual Honors Ban-
Quet at the Faculty Club last Friday night to recognize 
over 50 graduating seniors with cumulative GPAs of 
3.7 or higher. 

More than 200 students, faculty members and 
guests attended the event, which featured Dean of 
Science and physics professor Marvin Goldberger as 
a guest speaker. 

Recognized for outstanding records in both their 
majors and Revelle's general~ducation courses were 
Brian Clay (chemistry), Jennifer Ng (biochemistry/cell 
biology), Nhien Ngo (history), Cynthia Sasaki (general 
biology), Doug Saqui (management science) and 
Brian Sonnichsen (mechanical engineering). 

Mystery Writer, Historian to 
Deliver Lecture at UCSD 

Medieval mystery writer Sharan Newman will give a 
lecture entitled. ·A Historian's Approach to Mystery 
Fiction Writing," in room l 11A of the Chancellor's 
Complex this Wednesday at 7:30 p.m. 

Newman is a doctoral candidate at UC Santa 
Barbara and the author of a trilogy about Guinevere's 
role in Arthurian Legend, including The Oagda 's Harp, 
Death Comes as an Epiphany and The Devil's Door. 
Newman has also written several short stories and will 
soon release a forthcoming work, entitled, The Wan-
dering Arm. 

The lecture is free and open to the public. For more 
information, call 291-8245. 

FRANCISCO D.VRIES, Features Editor 
TEDD LADD, Sports Editor 

ClRCULAnOll ASSIITANT.: PablO Man,uy. Ethan Martinez. Oavld Roocers 
OIIUNE COOtlDlNATOIt: Tom Hayes 

DAN KRAFT, Associate Sports Editor 
JEFF NIESEL, Hiatus Editor 

YAIlOY ZOLOTOREV, Photo Editor 
CHUCK NGUYEN, Associate Photo Editor 

DOMtNIC LOBI"" Graphics Editor 
JEFF lARSEN, Design Editor 

WARREN HO, Production Manager 

BOB DeANDREA, BUSiness Office Manager 
MIKE MARTINEZ, Advertising and AIT Director 

RITHYA TANG, Advertising Assistant 
JOSH LEWIS, Advertising Assistant 

TARA EOFF, Ad Layout, Design and Traffic 
JOHN BARBER. Ad Layout and Design 

1UIaII 1IftIIIIIIIIed. 0 1995.111 rwn _ . The I.CSD ~ Is nat fIIIICIII$IbIe tor !he ""'" of 
IIIIOIIdIed ~ 01 .:1. The IIIews __ In ,...,..., IipCI ~ 01_ GO 
nat ~ IIIftItIIl b 0IIIti0M ~ The I.tSD ~ !he ~ of CIIIIDmiI 01 b 

~ SluOenCS. The I.CSDGuMllMI. Mded IOiety bJ ~ CIIddn _!he pie." ~ ITAPI' WMrIIII: Karen Chen,. Ivan Qelventhat . Oan Sweeney IT .... WIIITUI: AmK Mar."ala. Nina Bouahton. Peter Chan,. Rebecca Hall. Oetek van Hoft.n. Jenny Lind. ROb Levinson . Teny Lew. Jer.mey Malamed. 
Heather MeRea. _a Pal . sean Rlll lmi 

Editorial : 534-6580. News/ Features : 534·5226. 
Opinion/Sports: 5~582 . Hiatus : 5346583 

Business OffIce: 534-3466, Fax: 534-7691 
E·mall : ,uardlanOweber.ucsd .edu 

Guardian Online: http://www.uCsd .edu/ luardlan 
DOUG ALEXANDER, Editor in Chief 

SIMONE MIUER, Copy Editor 
JONNA PALMER, Associate News Editor 
MARIANNE VIGIL, Associate News Editor 

lEN EL8IN, Associate News Editor 
ANNA YAlSMAN, Opinion Editor 

BRENT JOHNSON, Associate Opinion Editor 

EDlTOIItAL AMlITAIIT: Teny l ew 
IU.UITlIATOItS: Mlella Croft. Nathan Ertln. Mike Illay. Paula Lee. Rich Yumul 
DII ...... : M_ II8IC1W1n . Brenn. latham 
I'HOTHltAPHDI: Timothy Chen. Catherine Hirota. Julie Munsterman. Heidi 
MuZhik. Mark Panerson 
COPY IIIADDS: John Murplly. Jenny Sentelman 
TYPIIT: Crtstlna Gurtman 
ADYIIIllIIIMI INTEIIII: Joe Pan 

UCSD Gurdl.n, 9500 Gilman Drive 0316, 
La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 

Acluallocellon: Second~. ucso Stuoent center SuIlOl", ·A·. Rm. 217 

Monday, May 15,1995 

GIFf: Computer 
software will cost 
about $1,750 
Continued from pace 1 
serious mobility impairments," 
said Niman. "It has opened a 
new world for people with se-
vere disabilities." 

One of the system 's draw-
backs, ~iman said, is that it can-
not identify continuous speech, 
with the exception of whole 
phrases. "Theconiputercan 't fig-
ure out between pauses, so users 
must speak slowly, which gives 
it time to identify each separate 
word." 

"It will definitely require 
some training to get people 
started on DragonDictate," said 
Laura Chipps of the Office of 
Student Disabilities. "But it is 
very handy for people wilh dis-
abilities, and it is even more for-
tunate for us thaI the Senior Gift 
Committee chose something 
which is a great need right now." 

AccordingtoNiman, 10years 
ago, DragonDiclate had an ask-
ing price ors 10,000 per software 
package. The new package costs 
S) ,000, serves an unlimited num-
ber of users and is compatible 
with PCs running Windows and 
DOS programs. Including the 
software, inslallation and train-
ing, this year's Senior Gift will 
cost approximately S),750. 

"It's becoming affordable, al 
the same time it's being very rap-
idly available," Niman said. "Even 
though il requires some training, 
it will help people remain produc-
tive over the long run." 

The UCSD Guardian 

Lights 
Sirens ~=--

Lights and Sirens is a compila-
tion of selected entries from the 
UCSD Police Department log book. 
Sundly, MIIy 7 

9:54 a.m.: Officers arrested a 
29-year-<>ld male non-affiliate for an 
outstanding misdemeanor warrant 
at the North Torrey Pines bus stop 
for being under the influence of a 
controlled substance. Cited and re-
leased. 
Monday, May 8 

1:00 p.m.: A student reported 
the theft of a purple/black Motiv 
StonegrinderB21bicyclefromAP&M. 
Loss: $200. 

7:30 p.m.: A student reported 
the theft of a white '86 Toyota 4-
Runner from Lot 305. Loss: $6,000. 

8:01 p.m_: A student reported 
the burglary of a gold '84 Toyota 4-
Runner at Lot 208. Loss: $200. 
Tuesday, May 9 

5:30 p.m.: OffICers recovered a 
green Motiv Stonegrinder bicycle at 
Top ofthe Quad. Released to owner 
at scene. 
Wednesday, May 10 

12:36 a.m.: Officers arrested a 
33-year-old male non-affiliate at 
Lyman Dr. and Russell Dr. for pos-
session of methamphetamine and 
drug paraphemalia, a bench warrant 
for possession of methamphetamine 
and drug paraphemalia and various 
vehicle code violations. Transported 
to County jail. 

1:24 a.m.: A student reported a 
child abduction from the Coast Apart-
ments. Child recovered less than 
one minute later from the 24-year-
old male non-affiliate suspect's ve-
hicle at North Torrey Pines Road. 
Notify warrant requested. Suspect 

ordered off campus for seven days. 
10:12 a.m.: Officers detained a 

28-year-<>ld female student at the 
Basic Science Building for being a 
danger to herself and others. Trans-
ported to County Medical Health. 

5:30 p_m.: A student reported 
the theft of a white '86 Chevy Blazer 
from Lot 305. Loss: $8,000. 
Thursday, May 11 

4:45 p.m.: A staff member re-
ported the theft of a white '82 Mer-
cury Cougar from Lot 702. Loss: 
$12,000. 
FrIday, May 12 

9:40 a.m.: The Price Center 
housekeeping manager reported the 
theft of a golf cart from the center's 
loading dock. Loss: $2,000. 

3:50 p.m.: A student suffered 
from a punctured foot at the Canyon 
Vista field. Treated by paramedics at 
scene and transported to Thomton 
byofficer. 

6:00 p_m.: A student reported 
the theft of a maroon '91 Chevy 
Blazer from Lot 3512. Loss; 
$25,000. 

9:47p.m.: A 20-year-<>ld male 
student was detained for public 
drunkenness at Round Table Piua. 
Transported to Detox. 

10:00 p.m.: A student reported 
the theft of a gray '92 aids Cutlass 
Sierra from Lot 207. Loss; $20,000. 
Seturday, May 13 

5:44 a.m.: OffICers arrested a 
30-year-<>ld male non-affiliate at La 
Jolla Village Dr. for a misdemeanor 
warrant for lewd conduct in public 
and possession of a hypodermic 
needle. Cited and released. 

- eo.pI .... by Terry Lew 
ltaff WrIter 

Come Run with the Big Dogs ••• 
The Guardian is now accepting applications 

for the following paid editorial positions: 
Managing Editor/production Manager, News Editor, Associate News Editor 

Opinion Editor, Associate Opinion Editor, Hiatus Editor 
Sports Editor, Associate Sports Editor, Photo Editor, Associate Photo Editor 

Graphics Editor, Design Editor and Copy Editor 

Submit resume, cover letter and clips to 
the Guardian office by Friday May 19, 

••• Or Just Stay on the Porch 

FIVE PROt:fOHED PRAme! MeATs. 
> 

Physics 
Verbal 

To do battle with these bad boys, you've got to get trained. Not only do you need 
conceptual fluency, but on the latest MCATs you also have to be fast. That's why we 
offer more practice testing than any other course in the country-test taking skills 
are built a test at a time. The award-winning instructors of our 140-hour, 47 meeting 
course won't make you a legend of the Old West, but they will give you the tools you 
need to be Doc Holliday when the time is right. Come visa us (By EI-Torito). 
Course starts June 18th, 800 MD-BOUND 

~U • • _~ ... /~ ... -_~ __ .... 
/ 711 VLJt::1 ·/t::al ., III IU 
"-u:;:;::::o ..J 'wHENIT'S TlMETO GEl SERIOUS HOUTTHE TEST. ... ~ 

NEWS 3 

L~ 
4630 MISSION lAY Dtttvt • SAN DIEGO, CALIFO .... '" 91109 

275-1132 
1 001 ALL REPAIRS 10 OFF With thiS coupon SIudenIo. -..y ond _ with velid UCSO 10. '£JapI moD ond ... _'_I ....m...I. 11 .000 limit. NclveIid willi _ coupon. Exp. 6l30III5. 

Now ENROLLING: SAN DIEGO'S #1 COURSE FOR THE 

eO/fIJI(bia ;tfeilT Rwie«l 
I Serving the UCSD pre-medIcal community since 1985 
* M.D.'s TRAINING M.D,'s-OF-THE-FUfURE * 

• INTENSIVE MCAT preparation & medical school application! 
admissions assistance are all we do! 

• MeAT EXPERTS: an independent program taught by UCSD-trained 
academic M.D.'s, top M.D.-Ph.D. candidates. & English Department 
Ph.D. facully. 

• ORIGINATOR, not simulator, of intensive MCAT prep in San Diego. 
·10 WEEKS (IS0+ hours) of detailed in-class instruction & real MCAT 

testing, problem solving, reading/writing workshops, review groups, 
med school application & admissions sirategies, & tutoring. 

• 2000 PAGES of original take-home review notes, reading & writing 
studyguides, MCAT & admissions strategy handoulS, problem selS, & 
MCAT-quality timed practice exams. 

• REAL MCAT TESTING for in-class & take-home practic.:. 
• DIRECT eONTACT with young UCSD docs & med studenlS. 
• MORING, pre-med library & med school application help included. 
• ON CAMPUS at the UCSD School of Medicine 
• LOWER TUITION than other courses. 

1~~liU].'~Ul"'D 456-8488 
V the mO.'"t hOllrs 
V the best illstrllctors 
V the best materials 
V the best location 
V the best resliits 
V the lowe.";t cost 

San Diego's Intensive MeAT Prep Course! 



4 OPINION The UCSD Guardian Monday, May 15, 1995 

PINION 
An Ill-Fated 

Are AIDS 
researchers on the 

wrong track? 

s UCSD caught in the middle of a 
, billion-dollar sham? Could our cam-

pus be a central cog in a medical ma-
chine which is spinning out of con-
trol? Are UCSD researchers tak-
ing government money to prove 

something which doesn't exist? 
Dr. Peter Duesberg would an-

swer "yes" to all of tlie above ques-
tions. A former UC Berkeley pro-
fessor of molecular biology, 
Duesberg is just one of a growing 
number of scientists - including 
researchers from Berkeley, Harvard, 
Yale and M.I.T. - who contend that 
the HIV virus does not cause AIDS. 
Duesberg argues that AIDS is 
caused by excessive drug use, high 
doses of AZT or other immuno-
suppressant factors. Calling for more 
research which addresses "the other side 
of the AIDS hypothesis," Duesberg and 
Nobel Pri~-winner Dr. Kary Mullis 
founded the Association To Re-evalu-
ate AIDS (ATRA) in San Diego four 
years ago. 

Critics of Duesberg equate his cause to 
medical quackery. To an extent, they are cor-
rect. ATRA's meeting on May 2 in Hillcrest 
featured medicinal purveyors of "Colloidal 
Gold," a drug which "acts as a second im-
mune system"; pamphlets declaring the 
"semi-secret Centers for Disease Control 
(CDC)" as a medical version of the CIA; 
books dealing with conspiracy theories about 
AZT and T-<:ells; and numerous HIV-posi-
tive audience members desperate for any 
news of a potential cure. 

Story by Tedd Ladd, Senior Staff Writer • Illustration by Micha Croft 

But while Duesberg's clan may be on the 
fringes, his ideas strike a painful chord of 
truth within the mainstream. One glance at 
the defensive reaction of both the media and 
the medical establishment will make even the 
most skeptical observer ask, "What 's really 
going on here?" Take Channel 10, for ex-
ample. The San Diego network recently re-
fused to air a series of interviews with 
Duesberg because the station couldn ' t get a 
single AIDS researcher - including scien-
tists from UCSD - to defend the HIV/AIDS 
theory on the air. 

To the medical establishment, Duesberg 
is equally scary, a harbingeroffaulty reason-
ing and dangerous views. Scientists hide be-
hind the argument that talking about his 
theory is harmful, but they fail to acknowl-
edge that the current methods of treating 
AIDS might be causing the most harm of all. 
These same medical experts also forget that 
Duesberg used to be a fully funded scientist 
and a pioneer in the field of retroviruses, un-
der which HIV is classified. However, after 
he made his rabble-rousing HIV/AIDS ideas 
public, the National Institutes of Health (NIH) 
pulled his grant money. It's baffling to see 
the U.S. medical establishment refuse to 

throw even a small amount of cash Duesberg's 
way, if not for the good of science, then to let 
him prove himself wrong. It would only take 
a tiny fraction of the $35 billion spent on 
AIDS research in the 

elude the partner of AIDS patient Rock Hudson; . 
Arthur Ashe's wife and eight-year-old daugh-
ter; and Magic Johnson's wife - all of whom 
are HIV- and AIDS-free. 

Mainstream AIDS re-
United States to date, and it 
would certainly be a better 
investment than the 12 
years of studies devoid of 
substantial success. 

Duesberg's response to 
current scientific thought 
can best be summed up in a 
name. AIDS stands for the 
Acquired Immunodefi-
ciency Syndrome. This ac-
ronym, according to 
Duesberg's radical ideas, is 
a complete misnomer. 
Acquired 

Nothing about AIDS or 
HIV suggests it is acquired. 
Duesberg argues that not one 
single health-care worker -
without any other AIDS 
risks, such as drug use, high 
intake of AZr or other im-

Due"rg'. analy •• 
provoke. further 
questions about the 
relationship. 
betweeen the 
American Medical 
AuocIatlon, the NIH, 
the CDC, 
pharmaceutical 
companle. and 
unlv.rslty r .... rch. 
Aft.r .11, In thl. 
country of 'check. 
.nd balances,' 
nothing actually 
checks .ny of the .. 
admlnlstratlv. bodI ... 

searchers point to the vol-
ume of evidence which 
shows that HIV-infected 
groups eventually fall to 
symptoms classified as 
AIDS. Most of these 
studies, however, are epi-
demiological. That is, 
they deal with large 
population groups, in-
stead of addressing spe-
cific, casc-by-case prob-
lems. Duesberg contends 
that the CDC keeps en-
larging the framework of 
AIDS classification by 
using these large group 
studies, while the real 
"HIV-infected" group re-
mains steady, at about 
one million people. 

mune-destroying factors - has contracted 
AIDS from the over 401 ,749 documented HIV-
positive patients in the United States. Popular 
examples of HIV's lack of contagiousness in-

He points to his own 
epidemiological evidence which shows 30 
percent of AIDS patients as frequent drug 
users - a practice which has been shown to 
seriously erode the immune system. The ma-

jority of the remaining 70 percent take AZr, 
a drug which Duesberg describes as "a deadly 
poison." Additional evidence shows that 
AIDS is not spreading as expected. For an 
infectious disease which is supposed to be 
"acquired," it is still found mostly in males 
and homosexual, drug-using populations in 
the United States. 
Imlllllnodeflc-.cy 

Nothing about HIV suggests that it, in it-
self, destroys the immune system. There are 
over 4,621 cases on record of people who have 
never tested positive for HIV, yet have a dwin-
dling immune system and the symptoms of 
AIDS. Even those who are classified as hav-
ing full-blown AIDS - people whose im-
mune systems are virtually gone - have the 
HIV virus in only one out of 500-1,000 cells. 
For a virus so potent that it obliterates one's 
entire line of bodily defense, isn't it "Strange 
that HIV is present in so few cells? Mullis, 
the discoverer of the polymerase chain reac-
tion, said that it was ironic his own technique 
is being used to "amplify" a virus which he 
believes to be practically non-existent. 

Duesberg maintains that excessive drug 
use is the cause of immune-system disorders. 
He points to specific case studies of prosti-
tutes, certainly at the top of high-risk AIDS 
categories, who seem to be only "infected" 

See HIV / AIDS, Page 7 

Monday, May 15,1995 The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

Voz FRONTERlZA Is A RACIST, MILITANT RAG 
Editor: 

Harry Barra whines that Peter 
Chang attacks the fundamental con-
cepts of VOl FronleriZlJ in his letter 
("Chang's Right-Wing Antics and 
Ignorance," May 8). That is calling 
the kettle black. All anyone needs 
to do is pick up the VOl to see it is 
nothing 6ui a militant, racist rag. I 
can't believe that in this time of in-
creasing tuitions, a part of my fees 
is siphoned off to help subsidize 
sucb a newspaper. If the adminis-
tration gave this "newspaper" a 
critical review, it would be hard-
pressed to justify its continued fund-
ing. 

I f I were to start a newspaper 
which advocated white supremacy, 
I would be labeled a racist. Why is 
there a double standard? 

The excrement spouted by Barra 
is laced with communist ideology: 
"Que viva Mao!" If you like Mao 
and his cultural revolution so much, 
why don't you go live in China and 
let some other student who wants 
to be a part of this society benefit 
from your federally funded educa-
tion? 

Barra and his cronies cannot dis-
associate themselves from the 
threats to Chang. If you continu-
ously advocate violence, as the Voz 
does, then you can hardly take the 
moral highground. 

As for encouraging" Asians to 
clean house," I wouldn't be advocat-
ing throwing out trash. The moder-
ate Latinos may decide that you are 
more trouble than you are worth and 
throw you out, too. 

DoD Smith 

CMrC Porb.,. EII.'1Ic 
Mextc.ls _ • M8IIIICe 
Editor: 

Your readers may be interested 
to know that Peter Chang's treat-
ment of VOl Fronleriza in his recent 
review was akin to the tactics of 
yellow journalism in an earlier era 
("Hypocrisy Alive and Well in VOl 
Fronteriza," May 4). The Guardian, 
it seems, wants to battle for circula-
tion with the VOl by producing sen-
sationalistic articles like Chang'S, 
concerning the hypocrisy of 
Chicano politics. Why else would 
Chang choose to poke fun at and 
ultimately mistreat one of the most 
divisive political issues in Califor-
nia today -the social roles of eth-
nic Mexicans? 

Chang was wrong to argue that 
ethnic Mexicans are a social prob-
lem because they abuse a "money-
vomiting welfare system" and that 
they are unwilling to "work hard." 
This kind of refusal to understand 
the true nature and politics of the 
ethnic Mexican experience is part 
of the problem against which 
Latinos are struggling. Truly, 
Chang's contribution to the mass 
disavowal of the real social prob-
lems of increasing Latino immigra-
tion into California is the most se-
vere social problem we face today. 

The most disturbing aspect of 
Chang's commentary is his casual 
leap from a review of VOl to that of 
the entire Chicano movement. 
Chang argued that the history of the 
movement is one of hypocrisy. In 
sum, he noted that this "is a move-

Readers 'Forum 
The Guardian ,",_5 leiters ant1 comme ... 
tlJries from In ",1Ide". All ~ must lie no 
loftier //Ian !Nee P61ft. Iyped. ~spaced 
and sflned. Letters should elM! contain IJ 
""0IIII ntJmber. IiIV resar"" the rIfht 10 edit 
for lenftfl and clattry. Lerters may lie dfOPped 
off 1/1 the Guardian office on the second floor 
of the old SlIIdIInt Center ("IItt aDoIIe the ae ... 
erlllS/ore ClX)p). Send a" letters 10: 

The Guardian 
Opinion Editor 

9500 Gilmllfl Dr. 0316 
La JO/IIJ. CA 92093{)316 

Fu: (619) 534- 7691 
fHIIlJil: luardiIJnt1wet!er.ucsd.edu 

ment fanned by opportunistic lead-
ers who promote the very types of 
activities which ensure the alien-
ation of La Rala from mainstream 
financial, political and social ad-
vancement." Here, Chang's attempt 
to make VOl an object of "rich, 
ironic and outrageous printed willi-
cism" suffers a lapse in logic. 

Chang is truly an ironic fool for 
holding the very same vision of so-
ciety as the proponents of the 
Chicano movement he claims to be 
criticizing: The "social advance-
ment" of some are predicated on the 
"alienation" of others. Chang's own 
thinking on this matter is not only 
"infiltrated with stupidity," but con-
tributes to divisive scapegoating, 

such as that of Proposition 187, 
which puts the full power of the 
state behind a move to relegate eth-
nic Mexicans to second-class citi-
zenship. 

Responsible Americans today 
must face reality and seriously ask 
themselves what they can do to un-
derstand and adjust to the impact of 
massive movements of populations 
set apace by late capitalism. 

Unfortunately, Chang has not 
attempted to understand this social 
problem - he has only reacled 
recklessly to it. 

Gregory Rodriguez 

..... Ir.capable of 
MaIdrC - ~rnent 
Editor: 

As a regular reader of the Ko-
aia, I was intrigued by Peter 
Chang's recommendation of VOl 
Fronleriza as a possible substitute 
("Hypocrisy Alive and Well in VOl 
Fronteriza," May 4). Conveniently, 
the next issue of the Guardian con-
tained a genuine sample of the 
Voz's writing. 

This hysterical and abusive let-
ter ("Chang's Right-Wing Antics 
and Ignorance," May 8), composed 
by VOl editor Harry Barra, more 
than confirms Chang's observa-
tions. It also demonstrates Barra's 
disregard for material fact and his 
inability to construct a rational ar-
gument. An editor with such quali-
ties no doubt makes for an excel-
lent newspaper - the Koal4 once 
again comes to mind. 

Boris Slutsky 

Editor: 
As I read Peter Chang's com-

mentary on the militia issue 
(" Armed and Dangerous," May 8), 
I expected the usual bashing and 
scapegoating of law-abiding mili-
tia members and gun owners who 
exercise their right to bear arms. 

It has become all too common 
for our society to ridicule and label 
gun owners as paranoid racists who 
want to evade taxes, kill minorities 
and own missile launchers. 

The media and government use 
incidents like the Oklahoma City 
bombing to arouse people's emo-
tions to get them to cry for "more 
protection." Right now, there are 
two resolutions in the House of Rep-
resentatives which would destroy 
our Fourth Amendment rights. 
These bills will likely pass due to 
Oklahoma's outcry, which is push-
ing both Democrats and Republi-
cans to vote for them. 

It is unfortunate that many 
people these days are sedated from 
watching MTV or "Days of Our 
Lives." Hopefully, more and more 
people who are capable of eloquent 
writing, like Chang, will write ar-
ticles. Then, and only then, can we 
work together toward a better to-
morrow, regardless of race, age, 
sexual orientation, economic back-
ground, etc. Until then, we are 
doomed by the eroSion of our basic 
liberties. 

JUD Sasald 

An Exciting Series 
Of Lectures, Readings 

And Performances 
Hosted By The 

UCSD Bookstore 
6:00 PM-7:00 PM 

UCSD Bookstore * Wednesday Night Live Guests 
Harry Polkinhom and Servio Marin perform "Sound Poetry" 

Marc Alan Schuckit, M.D., UCSD Professor of Psychiatry 
presents the lecture "Alcohol and Drugs: Do lIhelshe really 
have a problem?" and will discuss his most recent book: 

MeAT. May 22 at 7 pm 
ORE. May 23 at 7 pm 
GIAT. May 24 at 7 pm 

EducatiOi Yourself About Alcohol And Dom: A People's Primer 

Jerry Allen Potter lectures on "Suppressed Evidence and Habeas 
Corpus" and signs his book Fatal Justjce: Rejnvestjiatini the 
MacDonald Murders 

Grant Nebel, UCSD Graduate Student in History and Science 
Studies will present a lecture titled "We Are All His Students: 
Richard Feynman and American Physics" 

Judith and Neil Morgan are special guests at an event celebrating 
the life and work of Ted Geisel. The authors will discuss and sign 
their newly released book: Dr. Seuss & Mr. ~ 

Douglas Coupland, author of Generatjon X, will discuss his recent 
book Mjcroserfs and show an Original short film 
Paul Churchland, Ph.D., UCSD Professor of Philosophy will 
discuss and sign his recent book Enijne of Reason. The Seal Qf 
The Soul ' A Philosophical EsSll,Y of !be Brain 

""'- The UCSD Bookstore's * 
~ Wednesday Night Live Series 

will resume in the Fall 

LSAT· May 25 at 7 pm 
All Seminars will be in 

Warren Lecture Hall at UCSD 
Space is Limited! RlSlrve a Seat Today! 

(800) lAP. TEST 
get a er score 

KA LAW 



6 OPINION The UCSD Guardian Monday, May 15, 1995 

A.S. SHOULD RECOGNIZE RACE IN RESOLUTION 
Editor: 

On Thursday, May 11, the Coun-
cil of Eleanor Roosevelt College 
(CERC) discussed and concluded 
that the recent A.S. Affirmative Ac-
tion Policy Resolution did not fully 
address UCSD's role regarding af-
firmative action. We feel that the 
section presenting UCSD racial per-
centages among the student body 
were not clearly expressed. There-
fore, in the best interests of our con-
stituencies, CERC hand-drafted an 
amendment to take effect as soon 
as possible. 

Unfortunately, the resolution 
was an open-roll-call vote when we 
drafted the amendment, therefore 
making it impossible to change it. 
As a council, we want to submit 
another resolution to clarify the ra-
cial details of the previous one. We 
feel that our proposed amendment 
helps to clarify the purpose of in-
cluding the UCSD racial percent-
ages of the general student body. 
The new resolution will read (our 
changes are italicized): 

"Whereas, the Regental policy 
reflectS the historical commitment 

of the University of California 'to 
provide a place within the Univer-
sity for all eligible applicants to 
achieve a student body that both 
meets the University's high aca-
demic standards, and encompasses 
the cultural, racial, geographic, eco-
nomic, and social diversity of Cali-
fornia itself,' and 

"Whereas, race is a consider-
ation in the University'sA/firmative 
Action Policy, and 

"Whereas, University ofCalifor-
nia, San Diego's mission of demon-
strating tile diverse representation 
0/ races across California has not 
yet been met, and 

"Whereas, 2.3 percent of the 
UCSD student body is African 
American; 8.9 percent ofthe UCSD 
student body is Chicano; 3.7 percent 
of the UCSD student body is Fili-
pino; 2.4 percent of the UCSD stu-
dent body is Latino; 1.0 percent of 
the UCSD student body is Native 
American. 

"Therefore, be it resolved that 
the Associated Students at UCSD 
support the University of California, 
San Diego Affirmative Action 

Do All MeAT Review 
. 

Programs Operate With A 
Full Octet? 
We Doubt It. 

Does 
The Berkeley Review? 

You Bet Your 
Electrons We Do! 

Course Layout 
40 Complete ~ Distinct 2 Hour Lectures 
That Span 8 1 h Weeks Over The Summer 
Approximately .300 Office Hours Spread 
Out Over The Summer Administration 
2500 Pages Of Review Notes That Include 
A Minimum of 500 MCAT-Style Passages 
5 Sectional Exams, Each Containing Verbal 
Reasoning, Physical, {!( Biological Sciences 
.3 Full-Length Simulated MCAT Exams, Two 
Of Which Are Proctored 
AAMC Practice Items, Including Practice 
Test I/, Test 11/, ~ Detailed Solutions 
Excellent Average MCAT Scores Since 1992; 
V-9 . .3; P-ll.1; W-Q; 8-10.6 
Excellent Instruction In Each Of The Five 
Areas Important To The MCAT 

And More. 

rrIie 

.......... B~~~~ 
• • 

Specializing in MeAT Preparation 
(800) 622 .. 8827 

San Diego • Irvine • Westwood 
Berkeley • Davis 

Readers'Forum 
The Guardl.., ...,/comes IeIletS end _ 
tarle. Itom IU ru6erI. AlIIeIlWllIIMI.r be no 
IOfWerIllll1I11ree IMIN. 1)'PIId. doUIJIHp8C/II1 
.00 '/fIIed. lllrrers .Itould II", conhJln • 
ph«W nwnI»r . .... _Ie tile ~ co KIr 
for /lltWlll1IItd cIIIrlIy. !.lin". /1lIIY • dtopped 
off III tIIfI Guwdl.., office 011 tllfllIet:Oftd floor 
of tile old SIudenr c-(rIfII( *"" tile Gen-
11(/11 SCOre Co-op). SIItKI /llllell". to: 

The Guardl.., 
OpInion Editor 

9500 GI/mMI Dr. 0316 
l. JoII •• CA 92093{)316 

Fax: (6J9) 534-769J 
IHIIIIII: tutmllll...",r.ucsd.lKlu 

Policy." 
We hope that all senators will 

consider the newly proposed reso-
lution at the next A.S. meeting. Our 
council is not against the ideologi-
cal factors of affirmative action in 

the current resolution. We also want 
to clarify that race is not the most 
important aspect of the affirmative-
action policy. But because of the 
inadequacy of our social diversity, 
we feel that race is a part of affir-
mative action which the university 
needs to address. 

JuonDaYis 
ERC Junior Seaator 

MasonCbu 
ERC Prognmmlng 

Representative 
Ale. Tom 

ERCCbalr 

... y Und'. Col ...... 
AIe ...... FI .. 
Editor: 

I've been sick of Jenny Lind's 
commentaries for sometime now, 
but this last one is really disgusting 
("For Whom the Wedding Bells 
Toll," May 4). Who cares if Lind 
thinks bridesmaid dresses are ugly 
and expensive? We all know that. 
No one is going to tell someone 
else, "You know what, Mary? That 
Jenny Lind is a sharp one. She 
thinks wedding dresses are ugly and 

expensive. Well, golly-be." 
Lind's articles are acts of exhi-

bitionism, and she should be pros-
ecuted to the fullest extent of the 
law. For example, she writes, «As 
a bridesmaid, I am burdened by no 
such [family) concerns. My issues 
are quite different. I went into a 
state of panic when my friend 
showed me some of the bridesmaid 
dresses I could possibly be wear-
ing." . 

While Lind is "burdened" b¥ 
her "state of panic," I am "quite" 
sure I will not burden myself with 
reading such trash again. Lind is 
too involved with herself. She's 
like those people who drone on 
and on about themselves and don't 
care what other people have to say. 
In other words, Lind is really bor-
ing. 

At least Peter Chang, Derek van 
Hoften and Brent Johnson take a 
stand (although everything Chang 
has written is just wrong). They ad-
dress issues which are worth ad-
dressing. Lind doesn't. She's just 
space filler. 

Stephanie Palomo 

A good education 
really pays off 

(In fact, we have your first 50 bucks.) 
r-----------------------------------------------------------------------------, 

Mr. 0 Ms.D Current SKYPASS (FTBS) member? 0 Member number Date of birth 

First name Middle name Last name 

School Year in school Major 

Current add res 

Ci ty State ZIP Phone 

Permanent address 

City State ZIP Phone 

Would you like us to mail to 0 )'our current address or 0 your permanent address. 
Cut and mail to: Korean Air SKYPASS, 1813 Wilshire Blvd., Los Angeles, CA 90057 om~r 15 good from \I'ril 15:June I~. 

<.Aupon Is good for l!'lIvel b.:tweell 
Ip,11 1\ and l)crcmll<, 14, 19'1\ 
:"on-Inlllstcrahic wlrh rcslriakm'i. 

~-----------g.c---
_____________________ J 

Education has its rewards. And here's proof. Students can get coupons good for S50 

off economy class or $\00 offbusiness/ fITSt class tickets on Korean Air.Just ftll om the 

SKYPASS frequent flyer application above and mail. (Yes, current members are digible 
for the discount. Just reapply.) Once you redeem a coupon and travel on Korean Air, 
be sure to save your ticke[s or boarding passes. Why? You can use them In upcoming Fall 

promotions for great stuff, like notebook pes and Korean Air tickets. AmaZing, isn't it? 

Your education is already helping you go places. 
KSRFANAIR 
Fly the spirit of dcdlcatlon~ 

Monday, May 1.5, 199.5 

HIV/AIDS: 
Duesberg is worth 
considering 
Con~nued from pac. 7. 
with HIV if they are also addicted 
to drugs. Prostitutes who are not 
drug users are virtually untouched 
by the virus. Duesberg also makes 
the argu"lellt that AZr is a poison 
which is killing AIDS patients, and 
his statements are not so farfetched. 
The stock AZT pharmaceutical 
bottle is labeled with a skull-and-
crossbones. 
Syndrome 

The fact that AIDS is called a 
"syndrome" is misleading. As a syn-
drome, AIDS doesn 't rail into the 
restrictive category of a "disease." 
This allows the CDC to enlarge the 
definition of AIDS as more cases 
come along to disprove it. After all, 
what do Kaposi 's sarcoma, 
dementia and cervical cancer have 
to do with immune deficiency? 
Nothing. But, according to the 
CDC, AIDS is diagnosed in more 
than 30 different diseases. AIDS, 
then, can be twisted into a blanket 
disease for illnesses on such oppo-
site ends of the spectrum as lung 

EYE GLASS EXAM 
EXTRA THIN 

cancer and hangnails. 
CDC guidelines require an AIDS 

diagnosis to be accompanied by an 
unreliable HIV antibody test. For 
example, tuberculosis (TB) with a 
positive antibody test is officially 
called AIDS. Then, the AZT pro-
gram begins, and the patient even-
tually dies. Tuberculosis with a 
negative antibody test is just TB -
it is treated, and it goes away. How-
ever, the CDC concedes that 40,000 
diagnosed AIDS patients were not 
given the antibody test. That means 
that these patients were classified 
according to AIDS symptoms alone. 
The CDC, then, has manipulated the 
definition of AIDS to cover diseases 
which, in many cases, are com-
pletely unrelated. Perhaps ATRA's 
supporters were right on target with 
the CDC/CIA comparison. 

In the end, Duesberg's analysis 
provokes further questions about the 
relationships between the American 
Medical Association (AMA), the 
NIH, the CDC, pharmaceutical com-
panies and university research. After 
all, in this country of "checks and bal-
ances," nothing actually checks any 
of these administrative bodies. On 
television sets around the country, 
we've been inundated with slogans 

EYEGLASS LENSES $59 
FREE 
COLORED 
CONTACTS 
with purchase of any 
soft contact lens package 

f[lfiIPlc'i&~TlsCT 
Includes eye exam, 
litting. follow up care, 
care kit, near sighted 
Rx]flly, other major 
brands in stock 
SEMt DISPOSABLES $169 
DISPOSABLES ''''--1169 
EXTENDED WEAR 109 
DAILY WEAR 89 
DISPOSABLE REPlACEMENTS $87 

~ 

@ ~~§!Ps~L8Y, 
578·679 

Graduate Studies 
Commencement: 

Will Be Held On: 

Date: Sunday, June 18,1995 
Place: University Price Center Ballroom 
Time: 12 Noon 

Ph.D., M.F.A., and masters degrees conferred 

Speaker: Marjorie C, Caserio 
Vice Chancellor, Academic Affairs, 
Professor, Department of Chemistry 

Reception: University Price Center Plaza 
Students who will have completed all requirements by 
~~ay. Jun. 9th and are eligible to participate should contact 

o R at x43436. Contact the bookstore for cap and gown rentals 
at x47323 of x44568. 

The UCSD Guardian 

like" Always use a condom" and 
"Don't do drugs with unclean 
needles." However, who but the 
people who stand to gain the most 
- through researcb grants, money 
for AIDS testing and government-
funded projects-~ in charge of this 
nationwide approach to AIDS? Stock 
analyst Michael Murphy told the 
Wall Street Journal that Immune Re-
sponse, a pharmaceutical company in 
Carlsbad, "bet the company on an 
HIV vaccine." Are these people will-
ing to give up their HIV/AIDS 
dogma with all this money at stake? 

Duesberg may be on the periph-
ery, but he should not be ignored. 
The public and the medical estab-
lishment ought to be willing to take 
a second look at HIV and AIDS. 
Despite initial optimism, it 's been 
12 years, and researchers still have 
no. vaccine in sight. The certainty 
about how HIV destroys the im-
mune system has degenerated into 
confusion, muddled daily by new 
definitions and contortions of how 
the virus must work. We have to be 
willing to start over. We have to 
open our eyes to the possibility -
however slight - that the search 
for an HIV/A1DS connection might 
have been an ill-fated quest. 

nd·ver·tis-Ing /I 1: the 
action of calling something 
to the attention of the public, 
esp. in the UCSD Guardian 
newspaper, 534-3466 

Paris $i49* 
London i59* 
Frankfurt i59' 
Tokyo i59* 
Bangkok 375· 
Rio de Janeiro 395" 
Sydney 455" 
·f ..... ___ So1D1<9Oorloo~_d"" 
• _ pucM< r ... "'" Nklckd and >!SIricti:n 
oppIy (MI bOllwt....-d!sI ........ 

Council Travel 
In The UCSD Price Center 

(J'(:ross from \lie boc>is\oIt • Now open 

45.-0630 
Hours M, T. Th. Fro9-5, W'l(}'S ard S'1(}'2 

8843 Villa La Jolla Dr., 
La Joli. Vil~ Cmt~r 
(Nar RaI ..... :..:&.:.;:;in1r 

OPINION 7 

Copying services 
Full color copies 

Faxsemces 
Volume discounts 

Presentation materials 

Biriding'services 
Color laser output 
Resume service 

Computer rental services 
(Macintosh & IBM) 

La Jolla 
457-3775 

8849 Villa LaJolla Drive 
(La Jolla Village Center) 

Pacific Beach 
483-1852 

Poway S_D.S_U_ 
679-3600 Oceanside 287-6188 

433-51U 
Convention Ctr_ Escondido 

525-5450 Mission Valley 747-2945 
294-3877 

Downtown Sports Arena 
685-4960 San Marcos 523-2900 

599-5588 
KeamyMesa Chula Vista 

573-0515 Encinitas 482-1700 
634-4500 

r------------------, ! save 50% ! 
I on Computer Rental Time I 
I Bring this coupon into any of the Kinko's listed above and get 50% 011 your computer -I 
I rental time - ONlY $5.00Ihr1 (nonnally $I0.00Ihr). laser prints extra. Not valid I 
I \\;th other oilers. One coupon per customer. Good through Man l• 1995 I 
I 8849 Villa La Jolla Drive ~ I 
L (lJIjoUaV"dIagcCenter) .... _ ... .J 
------------------

Open 24 hours, 7 days a week 
free pick-up & delivery 



8 FEATURES The UCSD Guardian 

Europe 1995 

r & 
the 

.Many UCSD students 
prove that the Eurail Blitzkreig is not the only way 
to travel through Europe. 

isa Griffin was running out 
of money, had no friends 
or fllmily in town and no-
where to live. John de St. 
Paer and seven of his 
friends were living in a 

tiny room barely large enough for two 
people. Lilian Lai had to spend three 
weeks with strangers who couldn'ttalk 
to her. And Rebecca Grossberg was 
stuck in the middle of nowhere and had 
to hitchhike for an entire day to get to 
her destination. 

If these people sound like they are 
going through the worst of times, guess 
again. These "nightmares" all add up 
to some of the best experiences these 
UCSD 'students have ever had: sum-
mer in Europe. 
II~ tile CoI.a.tent 

The frazzled student climbing off 
yet another all-night train, strapped 
into an enormous backpack a.nd wear-
ing three-day-old un-
derwear, is probably 
the image most associ-
ated with a student's 
first trip to Europe. 

ous world of train travel promoted by Western Europe last year, said he 
the sleek Eurail brochures is often had the best time when he hit the 
laughable when compared to the real- small towns in Spain and Portu-
ity of a 16-hour train ride. gal by bus, reserving his 

Travelers who boast that they saw Eurailpass for long distances. 
20 cities in 20 days often forget to "The best way to travel is to 
mention that their first adventure after take Eurail to the big cities and then 
pulling into town was finding the near- travel to smaller towns by bus," said de 
est hostel - to G St. Paer, adding 
catch upon the 12 UARDIAN that hanging out in 
hours. of sleep FE A'-URES sma II e r 
they missed on the r"1 towns by 
night train. midsummer is 

"The only time we fought was ex- a good idea since "running into all 
actly in the middle of our trip. After the American tourists in the cities 
taking two night trains, we arrived" at starts to become a little overwhelm-
Salzburg at 6:30 a.m. and we got into ing after a while." 
a raging fight about how long a nap to ..,.... or HoetIIe? 
take. We left Salzburg the next morn- Even those who "blitzkrieg" across 
ing with very few fond memories," the continent can't avoid sleep for-
said Roosevelt College senior Janice ever, and most studenttravelers turn to 
Sindoni, who spent a month traveling youth hostels for their night's rest. 
in Europe in 1992. To say the quality of hostels vary 

Not only do would be putting it kindly; just about 
Eurailers become every student returning from Europe 
tired and weary, but can recount some horror story about 
they fail to find any cockroaches the size of com-
cultural connection pact cars or midnight lock-
as they jump from outs after a long night at the 
city to city. local brewery. 

"Eurail can re- But such experiences have 

With the most ex-
tensive rail system in 
the world, one can mas-
terthe art of train travel 
with very little effort 
and relatively little 
money. Visiting Eu-
rope is made all the 
easier with the 
Eurai I pass, perhaps the 
best-known and most-
used travel deal on the 
continent. 

Allowing students 
to travel in 17 different 
countries for as little as 
S200, the Eurailpass is, 
formany, the ideal way 
to get a taste of the 
Europe. 

"[EurailingJ was 
easy and convenient 
because it wasall pre-
paid for and I knew I 

The only time we 
fought was ••• 
after taking two 
night trains. We 
arrived at 
Salzburg at 8:30 
•• m. and we got 
Into. raging 
fight .bout how 
long .... pto 
take. 

ally be a trap, be- to be taken with the right attitude 
cause if you end up - and even the worst hole in the 
somewhere you re- wall can seem like a resort after a 
ally want to stay and sleepless night on the train. 
get to know, you "One of the best times I had trav-
feel like you'll be eling was when me and seven other 
wasting your Eurail people had to cram into one hostel 
days and your room only big enough for two people. 
money ... ," said It could have been a bad situation, but 
Roosevelt College we were having too good a time to let 
senior Melissa it bother us," de St. Paer said. 
Hyatt. "You have to Hostels, which can be as comfort-
decide between able and private as a hotel room or 
what you wantlo do :;omething more akin to boot camp, 
at the moment and usually cost between $10 and $20 per 
what you spent your night. While they offer a fantastic op-
money on three portunity to meet fellow travelers, 
months ago." this can be a mixed blessing. 

Even for travel- Like the Eurailpass, hostels 

could hop on a train to 
almost anywhere, at anytime, and not 
worry about running out of money," 
said Eleanor Roosevelt College senior 
Aimee Jeffrey, who Eurailedin France, 
Italy and Switzerland last summer. 

However, Eurail travelers often find 
that a small taste of the Europeanexpe-
rience is all they get. 

In addition, the speedy and luxuri-

Jonathan Peters ersenthralledbythe are well-known to American 
some dumb guy fast-paced Eurail tourists and can leave visitors 

vacation, the pass with the impression that they 
has limitations. Perhaps Eurail 's most never left the United States. 
obvious flaw is that it is not valid in Roosevelt senior Lisa Grif-
two of the most popular regions: Great fin, who worked in Ireland and 
Britain and Eastern Europe. traveled in Eastern Europe last 

In addition, other means of trans- year, was overwhelmed by 
portation are often cheaper and more the altitudes of tourists in 
convenient. Prague. 

Roosevelt senior Jon de St. Paer, "There were so many 
who traveled by Eurail throughout See EUROPE, Page 9 

By Simone Miller, Senior Staff Writer 

Monday, May IS, 1995 

Mell ... Hyatt 
plUftlu 'Into a 
Swiss canyon, 

while Aim .. 
Jeffrey walta her 

tum. 

Jen Ford, Jon 
'de St. Paer, 

Ruby 
Upaenthal and 

RIck Ford In 
Morocco. 

Fabrizio 
Z..,.,aterra tlkes 

I break from hi. 
80-h0ur-per-week 

Job at the Hotel 
International 

Ba .... 

Nick Teffecky 
hiked to the 

tallut peak In 
the HICh Tatras 

Mountains In 
Slovakia. 

The Turkish 
coat was a 
spectacular 

stop for U .. 
Grlllln and Matt 

!Can. 

Monday, May 15, 1995 The UCSD Guardian FEATURES 9 

EUROPE: 
Continued from PIlle 8 
great small flutists , and small musi-
cians and people selling their own 
arts and crafts - yet the street mu-
sicians who were singing John 
Lennon or Pearl Jam had these huge 
tourist crowds and no one was lis-
tening to the flutists ... I felt like, 'If 
you w<fnf to ignore culture, go 
home. '" 

While cycling is an excellent way 
to get into the countryside, the added 
baggage of a bicycle can be too 
much to handle, especially since 
bikes cannot be stored onboard pub-
lic transportation in many countries. 

The Council on International Educallon Exchange (CIEE) is an orgaOlzation geared towards helping students find travel, education. 
work and votunteer projects in foreign countries. In the countries listed below. various students suggested their favorite spots to 
visit. Airfare information Is for flights departing from LAX. and is current as of May 13th. 

IrIIInd 
Airfln: lee England 
Suflested TrMI$pOftlitJorr. National Bus 
System 
Not to miss: the 00nepI Coastline and the 
An1rin Coast 
ClEf wane permit: Up to four months Genunr 

Off the ..... Pllth: Cyell ... 
and Mild .. 

For those who would rather see 
Mount Blanc than the Eiffel Tower, 
camping and backpacking are other 
ways to get into the great wide open. 
While planning a trip in the wilder-
ness is usually more difficult than 
simply Eurailing to a hostel, many 
students have found the payoff well 
worth the trouble. 

Alrfatr. $758 to Frankfwt 
SufIested tnfteI: Train, EIniIpess 

There are many ways, however, 
to avoid the pervasive American 
influence. Searching for an experi-
ence which does not have to be 
shared with 10,000 other Ameri-
cans, some adventurous souls head 
off the beaten track to cycle or back-
pack through Europe. 

Offering more than a blurof scen-
ery viewed from a window, ped-
dling down the backroads and hik-
ing through the wilderness can be 
the perfect antidote to big-city burn-
out. It's also a great way to get in 
touch with the local culture. 

However, students should be 
wary of expensive, guided bike 
lours, which can drain even well-
stocked bank accounts. 

Revelle college senior Rebecca 
Grossberg, who spent last year in 
Toulouse, France, planned her own 
backpacking trip in the Spanish 
Pyrenees. Undaunted by roughing 
it, Grossberg and a friend set out to 
find their mountain trail. 

"There was really no transporta-
tion to where we were going, so we 
hitchhiked for a long time. But we 
finally got there and we stayed at 
this really primitive refuge," 
Grossberg said. "The whole thing 
was pretty disorganized, but it was 
one of my best memories because it 
was such a crazy trip." 

Hoping to stay out of the way of 
summer tourists, Warren College 
junior Nick Terlecky took a trip 
which truly defined the meaning of 
"off the beaten path." 

=.: $730 to Mactid 
ScOafIId trnportBIion: National Bus 
sytem. Eurallpass for ~ dlstallces 
Not to m/$S: SpanIsh ~ san 
Sebastllll, Southern Coast 
ClEf wane permit Not IMIiIabIe 

".. 

Not to mlsS:N&rember1. HeidIeberC. BerlIn 
ClEf wane permit: From May 15 to Oct. 15 
for up to three months 

AirftJlr. $638 to Paris 
SufIe*d trBtISport1ItJo Train 
Nat to miss: BeIJ.4Ie, III island elf the coast 
of BrbIy; Provence, IIId Paris (of course) 
CIa II'DIfI permit Up to three months 

Muir college senior Jonathon 
Book, who is planning to work as a 
tour guide for a biking company this 
summer, said that the high cost of a 
guided bike tour can make it a poor 
option for students. 

"Those tour groups basically 
consist of 40-year-old yuppies who 
can afford the exorbitant price of 
these trips," he said, adding that 
students' best option is to rent bikes 
for short excursions outside the 
major cities. 

"I hitchhiked through the 
Pelopennese ... took a ride with a 
bus load of Welsh schoolkids and 
hiked to one of the tallest peaks in 
the High Tatras Mountains [in 
Slovakia]. I wanted to stay out of the 
tourist traps," he said. 
A Cultunll eo.-."MCtIon 

However, in addition to living 
on the edge, Terlecky and Grossberg 

are among a large group of UCSD 
students who found that organized 
programs - such as work abroad, 
university study or volunteering -
give students the ultimate experi-
ence in foreign countries. 

for several months, said that work-
ing abroad opened his eyes to many 
aspects of English culture he doesn't 
think he would have seen as a tour-
ist. 

". "Unless you work in a city the 
way the people of that country do, 
you're not going to see real life. You 

don't see real people with real prob-
lems if you're just traveling, be-
cause the tourist areas are set up so 
that you can get aw~ from all that." 

Many travelers find that the limi-
tations of the traditional whirlwind 
Eurail trip can be avoided by doing 

~ EUROPE, Page 10 
Terlecky, who worked at a pub 

in London and held other odd jobs 

SERVING UCSD for 14 years! 

UC 12 min. him /JCSD II IDi /Mill,.".,... t -c 
.... _ .... ~. _N. 

.1,.,.,41 ACUM mazda Hyundai 
"tT G_ - I8UZU kura D.lhalll 

Excellent references from our 

Minor Tune Up Special 
Our ..... up "'d~ a lot m_ til.,. oth_. hindu .. : 
1. s,.rk pIug8 S. CMck and r.plenilh .. IkIid 8. Check clull:h 
2. DialribuIDr poin. and oillweia e. ChICk Ugh. 
3. Condena:Ira II. Adjusl dwel angle 10. Check undercarriage for damage 
•. A4- timing 7. CMck brM. 11 . ChICk CIOOIing.ptem and '-

12. Road IN! 

3S-point Major S.ervice Special $69* Ex". for lwI/nIected. Our"../OI' Iun..-up Includ .. : 
1. Comprtaion l1li 

~. VINe .cIjuaInenl 
littpl_: 
3.VINe_gukIC 
(H needed) 
4. Spark plugs, 
5. DialribulDr poin_. 
II. eon--. 
7. Air fit .... 
• . Oil fit., 
a. Gas iii..,. ancl 
10. 8Igine 01 

11 . Adjua! liming 
12. AqUaI dwel angle 
13. Adju.t carbure.,r 
14. Aqua!'" , fuel ,.00 
mixlUre 
1 S. AdjUaI atHfing box 
18. Adjua! dUleII 
17. MjustbraMa 
18. AdjuaI.m.rgency 
tnk4ls 
,g. ChICk &adjua, 
.. poMd~ 

20. Lube front .nd 
21. ChICk' replenilh .. 
ftuid , oilleYtla 
22. ChedI.iec:lI'ic8I 
.ltma 
23. Check lor Iooee , 
IaaI bDl_ 
2 •. Check btaIctI 
25. ChICk dutch 
211. Chedlligh • 
27. ChedI undtrcarriIIge 
fordamege 

......IID 
28. Check and recharge balleriea 
2i. Ro .... lit. (il needed) 
30. Check tire pteUUre 
31. Lube door hing. 
32. Check d holdera 
33. Check cooling system' '-

~. Check exhaual.18m 
35. Road ... , 

_ ... ......----"-
...... -----. ... _--

$164* Complete Clutch Job Brake Job Special 
w.,...: 1. Tr....-...on 1r1>II1 ..... _1 

2. ,,-,. pille 5. Plot bNrlng 
3. Ck*II dIIc 8. New ........ _ 01 
•. r_ MwIng 7. RNd_ 

------_ ....... _--

--

Front ., ,..,. "'. job Inc,....: 
1. , .... ",""101 ..... podo or 
1NIa' reo, brllle "-2. 0II1n crill _. Huil 
3. ' ......... comp .... hydraulic: 
."tern 
• . Relil tlydlaullc fluid 

5. BINd .rlile brIM .~ 
S. AdI .. t t_ II diu .. ) and 
-"-7. RecI*e t ____ (I 
,.,lor, lu,n1 
• . RNd tell 

°moat car. Timing Belt Special 

.+ •••• 
TOWIng and rental car available. Monday·Fllday, 7.30 am·S pm. Open Saturday. 

Trade in your old computers and peripherals 
for NEW Apple equipment! ' 

At The 

May16&17 
lO:OOam to 3:00pm 

Call for an appointment today! 

UCSD Bookstore 

lTSD Bookstore Com uter Dc artmcnt 53~-~291 



10 FEATURES 

Show \IOU" student or fac~U ID 
and save 2~ off resUlI" priced 
merchandse. Smokin' stules for 
SUUS and Sirls ... sunslasses. 
swim wear. sportswear from 
StUSSU. Black flU. Quiksilver. 
Rau-Ban. No fell". Billabong. And 
lots more. 
W'jac;ific; ~& & T6 

Offer aood at La .JoIa Vbse or4J 
ttroush 6/n/95 

ta Verde Blvd. - 587·4844 
COSTA 
VERDE 
(ARWASH ~ WE RECYCLE 

OUR WATER 

OPEN 7 DAYS • AL 
SHELL GASOLINE & DIES 

I+UCSO 
I •• J a". IVIII ••• k1, 

! I .l!IrI I t ,* • .. lit .. § II--~ 
'" 

L SOFT CLOTH WASH 
El AT COMPETITIVE PRICES 
-------------I 

: FuUService $ ,h99 I 
: COSTA ~!!Ix"J! '1~.E: 
I VERDE Not valid willi 8tT'I ache! oller. SAVE I 
I CAR. WASH Expires 6f3Or'95 $3.46\ I 
------------------______ 1 

The UCSD Guardian 

Computer Rentals 

Color Xerox 

• • • • • • 

C%r Xerox Prints 
from Computer 

-ngln stock 
, gifts, jewelry 

quarter! 

r----' 
---1111/2 I 

:OFF : 
I B/W Xerox I 

2(}-lb. whKe paper 1 Wilh SludenllD. I 
cau~ru ~7/~ ..J 

:1/2 : 
Binding 7523 Fay Avenue 

in the 

IOFF I 
I Computer I 
I Time 1 
I Wah student 10. 1 
LYaIid lhru 6117/95 
----

Vons Shopping Center 
Open 7 days a week 

Typesetting 

Store 459-0&9& Fax 459-0&97 

Guardian advertiser tip: . S34-346s 
_.... . .. .,... 

• \t'S • rOCk" ,~ res~. r.* ..,,~ .-flo. ~ to ____ """,'\ ~et. '~,~ 
- .......... If one ad ..., be-

Fine American &: Chinese Dining 
-Downtown La Jolla-

Authentic Szechuan Cuisine 
• Patio & Sidewalk 

Dining 
• Breakfast 
• Lunch 
• Dinner 

551·AMY'S (2697) 
-ENTRANCE ON CAVE-
1299 Pnts,ed Slmt , La Jolla 

Cfiristina "iftf 
Catlig SarRgzy 
tj(aren Sfiriva 

£i!J6g Sfium(a 
9[pra Stepliany 
'Deanna Tsang 
qigi Us!ie{(a 

• Coffee Bar 
• Birthdays 
• Banquets 
• Catering 
• Gift Shops 
• Open 7 Days 

9 am 'Till Late 
rOOD 

TO CO 
FAX 

151·00a9 

Join us in our MUSic Theatre 
in SBn Diello BS we create the following 
unprecfldflntfld opportunity: 
Retail Account Associate 
Part·Time 
Lights I Musicl Action! It's just you, your audience, and 
the Bose family of quality products. We are looking for 
an energetic, team·orlented and charismatic person to 
invite customers to take part in our Music Theatre 
demonstration, provide excellence in customer service, 
and demonstrate the incredible performance of our 
music systems. We offer a comprehensive training 
program in audio technology. Retail experience is 
preferred, but the ability to present a show'stopping 
demonstration is essential. 

The career spotlight is on 
Bose'", the company that's 

making its mark in retail by 
expanding in exciting new 

markets throughout the 
country. Just don't expect our 

Music Theatre, our exciting 
'store within a store' concept, 

to be like anything you've 
ever seen. You see, as a 

member of the Bose team, 
you'lI focus on educating our 

customers demonstrating 
incredible product perfor· ,-!:!:!~-=~:";;':::':::;=:..::l!!~:===:::;1 

mance In unique and Call your Cartlr Counselor 10 lei up an 
imaginative ways. You'll appOintment with a BOSE Representative on 
provide the very best in May 15th or attlnd our Open House, on 

customer service from the Wednesday, May 17th, at The Red LIon, 
first Guestion to the actual 7450 Hazard Center Drive, San OleDo, CA. 

Phone: 819·297·5486. 
transaction and beyond. All ,",uII opPDl'IlInlty '1IIIIIoye'. 

--BOS~ 
Bctter sound through rescarch . 

Monday, May 15,1995 

EUROPE: 
Continued from ..... 9 
exactly the opposite - staying put. 

"Just traveling doesn't give you 
a flavor of anywhere that you are. 
Working and living somewhere is 
much more genuine. When you 
come home you really have the sense 
that you were somewhere instead of 
just passing through," said Muir 
College junior Ted McClaren, who 
spent last summer working. in Ire-
land. 

For students who want to experi -
ence a foreign culture without hav-
ing to empty their life savings, work-
ing abroad is an alternative to ex-
pensive education programs. Orga-
nizations such as the Council on 
International Exchange (CIEE) and 
the International Education Program 
(IEP) help students obtain work per-
mits abroad. 

Griffin left UCSD in spring of 
1994 to find work in Ireland. After 
receiving her work permit from 
CIEE, Griffin said she was on her 
own. "I had one meeting with a 
woman from CIEE and she basi-
cally said. 'here's your map of 
Galway.'" 

Griffin set out to find a job, but 
because it wasn't the peak season, 
no one would hire her. Not knowing 
anyone in town and having little 
money, Griffin was lucky to find 
work at an organic farm, where she 
received room and board. Not long 
afterward, she returned to Galway 
and found a job at an Italian restau-
rant. 

Although attimesshe wasn't sure 
where she was gojng to spend the 
night, Griffin said the difficult times 
proved to be the most meaningful. 

"Parts of it were really hard -
nojob,nolodging-[but] the whole 
experience really gave me a strong 
feeling of independence," she said. 

"Livingandworkinginoneplace, 
and sometimes having a really hard 
time doing it, really made me feel as 
though I had passed that superficial 
travel·blip stage," Griffin added. 

While most CIEEjobs are in the 
local service industry, IEP offers 
students the opportunity to combine 
a foreign job with academic credit. 
IEP also places secures jobs for stu-
dents rather than just presenting them 
with a listing of possible openings. 

IEP secures jobs for students 
rather than just giving them a list of 
possible openings. In addition, IEP 
offers academic credit along with 
their work program. 

While most students still have to 
rough it when they do find jobs 
abroad -living in hostels or cheap 
housing - Roosevelt College se-
nior Fabrizio Zappaterra, who par· 
ticipated in the IEP program in 
summer of 1992, worked and lived 
at the Hotel I nternational Basel, a 
five-star hutel in Switzerland. How-
ever, Zappaterra's job, which re-
quired up to 60 hours per week, was 
by no means easy. 

"You really get a crash course in 
cultural discipline when you work 
in a foreign country - you have to 
try to meet their [the foreign coun· 
tries] requirements, and doing this 
in a foreign language is doubly dif-
ficult," he said. "It really tests your 
stamina and will power and it really 
tests whether a person can live out-
side their little American bubble." 

Mike Boduszynski, another IEP 
participant, spent 10 weeks in Bel-
gium last summer working in a su-
permarket. He also credits the pro-
gram with fo rcing him to learn the 
language and integrating him into 
the host culture. In addition lospeal:.-

See EUROPE, Page 12 

Monday, May 15 1995 The UCSD Guardian 

l.J .... v .... 0. ... 

IS 

AARON BROTHERS - Art 
supplies and custom framing, 
ALASKAN YOGURT, BANK OF 
AMERICA - Full service banking, 
loans and investments, 
BJ'S CHICAGO PIZZERIA -

Delectable award-winning deep dish pizza! 
BWCKBUSTER, CENTURY 21 VILLAGE 
REALTY - Specializing in fine homes and condos, 
CLOfHESJIME - Junior miss fashion name brands 
for less, CORNERSTONE MANAGEMENT, DEAN'S 
50 MINUTE PHOTO - 50 minute color processing, 
Full service photo lab, DOKKEN ENGINEERING, 
GREAT EARTH VITAMINS - Specializing in diet, 
fitness, energy and more! HARf/COSSOLIAS - THE 
SAN DIEGO INSTITUTE OF BEHAVIOURAL 
MEDICINE - Counseling service and Institute of 
Behavioral Medicine, INDEPENDENCE ONE BANK 
OF CALIFORNIA - Banking Service, KINKO'S 
COPIES - Color copies, typesetting, business cards, 
postersibanners, LA JOLLA APPRAISAL, LA 
JOLLA COFFEE STOP - Gourmet coffee, espresso & 
tea, LA JOLLA FWWER BASKET - Specializing in 
fresh cut local and imported flowers, LA JOLLA 
.NEWPORf FINANCIAL - Residential and 
commercial real estate financing, LA JOLLA 
VILLAGE DENTAL GROUp, Dr. EshornlDr. White -
Family and cosmetic dentistry, gentle touch, PACIFIC 
EYES & T'S - Specializing in sunglasses and California 
activewear for guys & gals, PACIFIC THEATERS, 
PROCOMP COMPUTER SERVICES, RADIO 
SHACK - Providing all your consumer electronic needs, 
RALPHS GROCERY - Grocery and general 
merchandise items, SAMSON'S DELI & BAKERY -
New York style delicatessen food, SAV-ON DRUGS -
Open 24 hours a day! STATE FARM INSURANCE -
Lori A. Long, Agent, STROUDS THE LINEN 
EXPERTS - We'll meet and beat any price by 5%! 
Personalized service, special orders, monogramming, 
custom window coverings, luxury linens, SUNNY 
FRESH CLEANERS - Dry cleaning, laundry and 
alterations. Wedding gown cleaning, T.G.I.FRIDAY'S, 
TRAVEL TRAVEL LA JOLLA - Full service travel 
agency, U.S. POSTAL SERVICE, WELLS FARGO 
BANK ATM, YOUNG ATTITUDES - Hair and nail 
services and products, BOB'S GYPSY DELI - OK, you 
may not be able to buy pig noses here. But, with all these 
stores you can still go hog wild. 

11 



.. 

12 FEATURES 

• 

EUROPE: 
Continued from pa,e 10 
ing French every day at work, 
Boduszynski also had to speak it 
when he c.1me home to his Belgium 
hosl family. 

"Living wi th a family and hav-
ing a job are the best way I can think 
of to become an active part of an-
other culture. Because you have re-
sponsibilities to help people you are 
forced to speak their language," he 
said. 
HIttInC .... Boob 

Education programs sponsored 
by American universities exist in 
every country in Europe. While ex-
pensive, summer at a European uni-
versity can help students ' transition 
into a new society. 

"It gave me more of a legitimate 
reason for being there," said 
Roosevelt College senior Kathy 
Gallia, who studied in Viareggio, 

Italy for two summers. "People 
won 't take you seriously if you are 
just a tourist , whereas if you are in 
one place studying, you get to know 
the people in the town and they get 
to know you." 

Jeffrey, who studied at theAmeri-
can University in Paris last summer, 
had similar feelings about her study 
program. 

"Studying at a university gave 
me a grounding, a group of 
friends .. .. I had a great little apart-
menl in Paris. If I had gone on my 
own, I never would have had those 
kinds of contacts." 

The enormous price tag of most 
of the programs, however, can be 
quite a shock. Jeffrey estimates that 
she spent over $5,000 on tuition, 
room and board for her six weeks in 
Paris. 
Volunt ........ 

For students who are looking for 
an affordable way to go abroad with-

Wanted: 
Camp Counselors 

(who want to be canlpers again!) 
Participants: An adult program for ]8-26 year olds 
from all Jewish backgrounds, from throughout the 
world. 
Location: Sunny Southern California. 
Time: 26 unforgettable days. 
Dates: June 20 - July 16 or 

July 18 - August 13, 1995. 
Prerequisites: An open mind, a desire to learn from 
the world's finest Jewish scholars and artists, and 
the will to spend time in a tranquil natural setting of 
a working Western ranch. 
Compensation: Enriching experiences in Jewish 
thought and text, )ewish community, Jewish arts 
and culture; and the time to reflect on the course of 
your future and friendships which will last a life-
time. 
Contact: 
(805) 582-4450 
FAX (805) 526-098 
e-mail: bbllKI4u@AOL.COM 

r----------~ 
! FREE*l 
lRENTi 

with this COUpoD. 
*Call for details 

I 
I 
I 
I 

STORAGEUSAe 

8038 Arjons Dr. 
549·8300 

I I /'{'I( L.'",II fl. oj 1//1 ""/111 H,I) 

8192 Miramar Rd. 

549·0500 
( ""amar tI' (tfhulJ 

Ie' , 
• 

Arjons 

8' • (~ @ <3 1 
'1 

LJ JOI: VilIIgt Or. "lRlNr Rd. 

-----------

The UCSD Guardian 

out a long-term commitment, CIEE 
also offers two-to-four week volun-
teer projects. While not paid, par-
ticipants receive free room and 
board. 

These work camps - don 't lei 
the name scare you - bring about 
a dozen students from different 
countries together to do archaeo-
logical, environmental and com-
munity-service work. Established 
in 15 countries in Europe - from 
I reland to Slovenia - work camps 
include projects which range from 
building schoolrooms to forging 
hiking paths to doing humanitar-
ian work. 

Lilian Lai, a UCSD graduate who 
currently works at the UCSD Coun-
cil Travel office, participated in two 
work camps in 1990. While living in 
a small village in France, she and 15 
others renovated a fountain and a 
communal oven. 

"Upon arriving it was really 

CALL TOLL FlEE FOR 
FlEE CATALOG OF 29,000 REPORTS 

1m 1·800·777·7901 
MV 415-586-3900 

funny because none of them really 
spoke English .... It was like the 
Tower of Babel," she said. " But 
because we had so much work to do, 
we had to learn to do whatever we 
could to communicate cross-cultur-
ally. " 

The work camp allowed Lai to 
get to know Europeans, instead of 
just observing their monuments and 
landscape. 

"I hung out with people who lived 
in Europe ... and visited them in their 
hometowns, which was so much 
betterthanjustgoing .. . to each tour-
ist spot," Lai said. "I was with the 
authorities of Ute culture. so I really 
got a lot out of it. " 
A New lute or Mind 

Although the classic Eurail trip 
lets students see as much as they can 
at a rapid-fire pace, organized pro-
grams give students long-term ad-
vantages. 

"Students who go abroad always 

Monday, May IS, 1995 

mature more in a program overseas 
than they will at any other time in 
their lives .. .. . " said Bill Clabby, di-
rector of the Opportunities Abroad 
Program, which helps UCSD stu-
dents find programs abroad. 

According to Clabby, "Working 
-with other people, learning a lan-
guage. learning the history of a for-
eign country will be valuable no 
matter what students do in the fu-
ture." 

And while Eurailing may offer 
a more extensive itinerary than 
organized programs, the success 
of a European experience depends 
not on how many sights a traveler 
sees or on how many locations he 
visits, but what he learns from his 
trip. 

After all, as Griffin said. "Trav-
eling does not just mean jumping 
from place to place, or about being 
in a different place ... it's about 
having a different mind set." 

Earn up to 15 units this summer! 
SDSU's 

Summer 
Sessions 
May 30- August 18, 1995 
• Sessions begin throughout the summer 
e Hundreds of courses from over 56 

departments! 
• Uncrowded campus - no parking 

congestion 

Register by mail now, or in person beginning 
May J, at the Col/ege of Extended Studies, 
SDSU Gateway Center, corner of Hardy Ave. 
and Campanile Dr. 

Hours: 9 am-7 pm Monday-Thursday 
9 am-S pm Friday 
8 am-I 2 noon Saturday 

For more information or to have a 
free catalog mailed to you, call 

SDSU Summer Sessions at 594-5 I 52. 

FREE 1 ::~~~~ 
Wllh Ihe purchllSe or any contllc t lens package be 1o,," 

COMPLETE 
Includes 2 ..... 0 1'\-1'3 k 

$89D~!~r 
$139 ~~'ET~ear 

ALL specials include lenses, exam. 
eyecare kllllnd rollow up visll. 

• Prtsert .... FlIIId 
.... I YISA· 1 

• GlasMS DI.lcallll 
• c.oIItI Eft balls 
• II ......... t IIc:tssary 

••• 7 
...... 

Monday, May 15, 1995 The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 13 

Triton Tracksters: Hosts With the Most 
CCAAs: UCSD men and women grab fourth overall 
By Tedd Ladd 
Sports Editor 

It's hard to pick the highlight for the 
UCSD track and field team - host of 
last weekend's CCAA conference 

championships at the 
northern Spanos facilities. 

After all. the Triton 
tracksters racked up sev-
eral remarkable perfor-
mances in defense of their 
home turf. When it was 
all over. UCSD had 
grabbed fourth-place 

overall among a tough field of Divis ion 
II conference teams - including Cal 
State-L.A. and Cal Poly Pomona. 

The argument could be made that 
J.J. Castner deserves the distinction of 
the definitive UCSD highlight. The vet-
eran long-distance standout captured 
first in both the 1,500 meters (3:53.59) 
and the 5,000 meters (14:47.38). 

"I've got a lot of confidence right 
now," Castner said. "I'm having fun, 
and I'm still really into it all." 

Castner also took Male Athlete of 
the Meet honors because of his excep-
tional performance in the 5,000, spe-
cifically in his spanking of potential 
Athlete of the Meet candidate, Rondie 
Gibbs, by over 12 seconds in that event. 

J.J. Castner, Gou Undsay and Mike Wallace (left to 
rI&ht) ftnlshed "rst, second and ninth In the 1,500. 

But it could also be argued that 
Damian Coleman merits the title of the 
Triton highlight. Battling injuries all 
year long. the courageous senior en-
tered the triple jump, knowing that land-
ing in the sand pit would bring severe 
pain to his ailing bo4y. 

CostA ~iCA 
Vaca t ion l'l.i!1,Il' len"I/fIU Spu n Is h 

Thinl-ing.bout "hal 10 do willi your '''nun .. , · 
vacalion? \\ 'by nol spend il in • Iropic.1 
lo.:olioo. doing som..1hing thai )IlU """ .~'s1iry 
10 your p.r .... '? I,"", S,.. .... ! 

111. Inslilul. lOr Sj>""i>h t .,,"&uag. 
Stud;". h.s 5 diller .. 'll Total 
Immersion lkhool. III d,,,,,.e lium. 
Live" iIh a CO!la Ri"an ramih and 
sI"dy willi olucknts frOIll .11 arlll';'d lite 
"orld With differ .... 1 localiolls .nd 
price ""d.ages your satlsfactlnn is 
gunanteed! Call N(/II' !!! 

---;-. ~_ 0_ • ... ::"1--800-765-0025 ~ ft. ... , 
Don 'llet the opportunity of a lifetime pass you by! . ISLS 

. , .... ~ 

CLERK POSITION 
AVAILABLE 

FULL TIME SUMMER, part time academic year secretarial 
position available. Approximately $8/hr. 
Job in its basic fonD includes the following: typing 35 wpm 
minimum; filing skills; telephone skills, including contacting 
vendors and ordering supplies; key entry in Macintosh and 
Unix computers; e-mail; sort and screen mail. 
Additional Skills Reguired: 
Students who will be at UCSD for at least 3 years with the 
ability to prioritize workload, make order out of chaos, have 
high levels of accuracy, ability to work independently, and 
possess enthusiasm and initiative. 

Stop by 3050 Urey Hall Addition for an application packet 
or contact Bonnie Bishop Stark (bstark@ucsd.edu) or 
Terrie Nichols Mahoney (tmahoney@ucsd.edu). Phone 
619/534-2572 or fax 619/534-7654. 
In retum for your efforts, if you are hired, we promise to 
provide an active, stimulating, and friendly work environ-
ment. It is our goal to do fantastic research and education 
in science while maintaining an atmosphere where fun can 
survive. 

Gilman Drive Info Booth ~ 
T arrey Pines Center e-" ..... 
No. T.P. Info Boolh 
SlO Library 
510 Snack Bar 
N8IM'amberg Hall. 510 

SI. Germain's • Cal Copy 
BJ's Pizzeria • Kinko's 
Ralpl'lS • Polar's Yogurt 
Westem Bagel • F.I T orito 
Albertson's 
Soup Exchange 

Subwa~ 
Zebra Copy 
Milagro Baan 
Koala Yogurt 
Taco Bell 
News Etc . 
Beans 

Subway 
Robeno's 

Jeff's Burgers 
Neighbor Saver 
No. Shore Cafe 
Panlni Calfe 

Swensen·s· Soup Exchange 
La Jolla Brewing Co . • Amy's cale 
HOUle 01 Natural Food~S 
La Jolla Public Ubrary 
Baltimore Bagel 3fIi\a 
Bernini's Vt 
Zanzibar 
Pannikin 
7-t 1 (La JoIa BIvd-.) 
Starbucks 
Ambiance Cafe _~ _.IN-Zanzibar ~--" 
CafeCrema 
7-11 
CuikComer 

~~ ~ 
M.B. Tan ~_JII. 
M.B. Laundry G~~ 
Ben & Jerry's .. (;0"- . 
Roberta Taco Shop 
Rice King 
Sub Stop 
Robertos 

Baltimore Bagel 
Red Robin V"""-
Pannikin ~ 
The Living Room' Pasta TIme Cafe 
Chef'. Wok 
Expresso Roms ~ 5~~~. '" 
Que! Fromage 
Downc- UC8D BooketoN 

Coleman didn't back down. how-
ever. In the last meet of his Triton ca- . 
reer, he took second-place overall with 
a stunning 44 '9.5". personal-best mark. 

"[Coleman] is a story that brings 
tears to coaches' eyes," UCSD Head 
Coach Tony Salerno said. "He gutted it 
out the whole time." 

Lisa Shepard could also have been 
the Triton highlight. The sophomore 
multi-event star was the only champion 
on the women 's side, snatching first in 
the loo-meter hurdles in 14.39 - yet 
another improvement (from 14.58). 

Numerous other Triton athletes also 
aided the UCSD cause, producing a 
breakthrough day of solid efforts and 
personal bests. Take, for example, 
Randy Beuhler's 169'7" distance in the 
hammer throw - a besting of his previ-
ous top mark by over two feet. 

Eryn Houston, the nation's leading 
Division III long jumper. earned sec-
ond in his event (23'9.5"), while Michele 
Domico. Shepard, Renee Sprowl and 
Kenya Thacker stormed the fourth 
through seventh spots in the triple jump. 

UCSD's relays were equally strong. 
The women's 4xloo dashed to second 
with an improved 49.02 time, while the 
women 's 4x4oo team also showed it 

Joyce Lee hands off to Kenya 
Thacker In the 4x100 relay race. 
had what it takes, notching a NCAA-
qualifying, 3:57.24 mark. 

In the men's 1.500. Castner, Goss 
Lindsay (3:56.50), Gavin Klinger 
(3:59.71) and Mike Wallace sprinted to 
dominating first-, second-, fourth- and 
ninth-place finishes, respectively. 

Track and field'. Top Performers ... 
A flurry of Triton third-

placers included Kyndra 
Smith (1,500), John Walsh 
(steeplechase) and Alan 
Grant (800 meters). 

Coleman, D. 
Castner, J.J. 
Shepard, L. 
Buehler, R. 

triple jump 
5,000 meters 
100m hurdles 
hammer 

44'9.5"· 2nd 
14:47.38 1st 
14.39· 1st 
169'7"· 3rd 

• denotes athlete's 1995 personal best 

"I fell good about this 
meet," Salerno said. "The 
coaches were just ecstatic." 

~ Master Mechanics 
== \/VV • AUDI • CHRYSLER ---

Volkswagen, Audi 
Dodge, Plymouth. Chrysler 

Students, Facul~y & Staff 
100/0 Discount with ID 

from routine maintenance to major repairs 
serving San Diego ,ince 198 1 

5820 al!JTOPORT Mall 450-9494 

The UCSD Bookstore and 
AGE Logic, Inc. 

Present: 

Making the UNIX Connection with ... 

~ftware. X Servers 
·With PC X servers, you can connect a PC to a computer 
network and applications using the X windows protocol.· 

HP Professional, March 1995 

Come learn how to cost effectively connect your PC to a 
UNIX network with XoftWare, the industry's premier 32-bit 

PC X server for Windows, Windows NT and Macintosh. 

Wednesday, May 17th 
11 :30am -1 :30pm 

Price Center, Gallery A 

Free Raffle: Don't miss your opportunity to enter 
and win a free copy of XoftWarel 

• age AGE La l lc, Inc. • 12651 H,,,, Bluff Drive' 50n Dlqa . CA 92130 TEL (619)) 755-1000· FAX (619) 755-3998' .m.il: s.lles@ .... com 
WVVW: ht'l'JIwww ..... cam 



--

CALENDAR 14 

ACADEMIC SERVICES 
· OASIS'.....,.,."'=- pIO¥idH frM tutoring _1I8nce to ItudIntI whole na-
tive '-'IIu.ae II not EngIiIh and to thole 
doing WOlle In SpMiIh, Frwoch and Ruaiwl. 
A diagnostic '"' on writt.n English II av8il-
able on ~u .. t. Monday-Thur8days II:()()' 
4:30pm I/1CI Fridays lI:ooam-3:00pm. Call 
534-2284 for more Intorm.tion or drop by 
our offic. II Stud.nt Canl.r Building A, 
Room 1214, 
• Pro ..... _IIG_UIIte School Advl.lng 
Daily ApJioIntmenIs available lor Issues re-
lated to 8dmission to professional or gradu-
ate school. Cau 534-4939. Career Services. 
• 9-4:00p.m. - Program. Abroad Offlca • 
D .. 1y appointment. are available with Pro-
grama Abroad Advisors to help answar any 
questions about stuely or worIc abroad. Cali 
loday - 534-1123. 
• 10:00am to 4:00p.m. - let OASIS Study 
MIIn-vam.nt C.nt.r help you this quarter 
with time management, notelaking and ed-

~ing, textbook analysis, memory. Ilexiblel 
speed reading. vocabulary development, 
and GRE Preparation Wort<shops. Stop by 
York Hall 40'0 or call 534-7344 to set up a 
personal appointment. Also. stay on the 
lookout lor those valuable OASIS Study 
Skills Wort<shops. 
• 9:ClOam-4:3Opm -The OASIS Wrttlng Can-
ter is a Iree service for UCSD students. We 
offer individual writing conferences lor any 
type of writing project- papers , personal 
stat.ments and cr.ative writing. Call 534-
2284 for an appointment or drop by our 0'-
fice in the old student center, building A, rm 
214. 
• (AprIl 2 ...... y 1)- 9-12:00, 1-4pm - Muir 
collag. writing program lottery .ppllca· 
tlon period 'or Fall Quarter '95 writing 
classes. Fill out and subm~ lottery "tickat ' 
at HSS 2346 and get inlormation on when 
to ralum lor pre-anrollment. 

Monday, May 15 
• , :()().,I :5Opm - Exam. m.kl"" you crazy? 
lat the Study Management Canter make the 
stressful time more manageable. York hall 
4010 - OASIS Study Management Canter. 
Regist.r et 534-7344. 

Tu.sct.y, May 16 
• 3pm • EAP/OAP G.naral In,o Sas.lon. 
Irs never too early to begin planning an ex-
perience abroad. Come and find out about 
the many opportunities you havel Interna-
tional Canter Lounge. X4"23. 

WadnescMy, May 17 
• 6prn • PerapactlvH on US Raclall.au .. 
while living abroad. A ltuderl/blCuity panel 
diacuuion of cultural _"..mons and val-
ues which all8ct all people spendl"" time in 
anoth.r country. Int.rnational Center 
lounge. X41123. 

Thursday, May 18 
• , 0-1 0:50am - !xam.lllllkl"" you crazy? 
Let the Study Management Camr make the 
Itreaful time mora manageable. York Hall 
4010 • OASIS Study M.nagement Center. 
Regl..., II 534-7344 

LECTURES/SEMINARS 
Wednesday, May 17 

• 8:30am -The Annual Abraham I.hude 
".morlal Lectura, "HalicolNlcrar pylori: 
Biological Implication of a 'Slow' Bacteria." 
Martin J. Blaser, M.D. @ UCSO Medical 
Canter Main Aud®rium. 
• 4:00pm - ""artln !Sub.r .nd the 
SHOAH," frM public lectur., SOSU, room 
fOO, Nasatir Hall. 5114-4835. 

Thursday, May 18 • 
• ":30-12:3Opm - "Children 01 the Atomic 
Bomb: An American Phy8lc:lan'. M.molr 
of Nege .. kl, Hlro.hlma and the Mllrahell 
"I.nd.,- Or. James N. Yamazaki, Clinical 
Professor of Pediatrics at UCLA's School of 
r.ledicine. location: Radisson Hotel· Mis-
sion \lalley, 1433 Camino del RIO South. 
Admission: S20. Contact: Aine Shiozaki, 
Japan America Sociely 619-699-2411 . 
• 3pm-6:3Opm- The C.ntar 'or Iberian and 
latin American Studl •• (eILAS) will host 
a conlerence on ' Marlategui and the lett in 
latin America' in the Green Room at 
RIMAe. Professor Tulio Halperin from UCB 
Is tha guest presenter. 

Friday, May 19 
• ' 2 noon - The Cent.r lor Iberian .nd 
Lltln American Studl.a (CILAS) will host 
a Brown Bag Lunch on • The Mexican Mu· 
ralist Movement, , 920-1950," in Ihe semi-
nar room of the latin American Studies 
building. Slides 01 works by Diego Rivera, 
Jose Clemente Orozco, and David Alfaro 
Siquerios will be shown. 
'3pm-6:3Opm - The C.nt.r lor lberl.n .nd 
Lltln American Studl.a (CILAS) will host 
a conlerence on ' Mariategul and the lett in 
lalin America' in lhe Fourth Floor Conler-
ence Room at RIMAC. Professor Alberto 
Portugallrom Middlebury College, Vermont 
is the guest presenter. 

Saturday, May 20 
09:3Oam-1 :30pm - The Center lor lberl.n 
end latin American Studl •• (CILAS) will 
host a conference on 'Mariategui and the 
lett in latin America' In the International 
Conference Center 01 the Institute 01 the 
Americas Complex . Profenor Anlbal 
Quijano from Universidad Naclonal Mayor 
da San Marcos (Peru) Is the guest presenter. 

dent Health. lMm IboIA birth and 
STOIIrom Student HalllhAdllocelea on the 
2nd ftoor. Call 534-24'11 lor 1nformItion. 
• Hne you IncIuIgacIln _ too many Jur* 
food bIngN? ~ taba on your choIat· 
IeroIIaYeI by earring to Studenl Health. Call 
534-24tlllor achadult . 
• FAEE ~I Do you know IbouI HIli? 
If you have a group of 10 or more you can 
request an HI\I PHr Educa10r Program. 
Well tailor a program to meet your groups 
needs. 
• Flu Shate avell.bIe II Student H_1th 
Sarvlcaa. Protect yourselllor this upcom· 
ing winterl Only 1511 MfTu/Th 8-1' a.m., Wed 
9-'1 a.m .• Fri 8-11 a.m. & 1-3 p.m. 

The UCSD Guardian 

• Want to learn mort about sexual health 
issues 1 Attend a Women. Sexu" Hulth 
Informllion Sa ... on: ns FREE. Come to 
the second floor 0' Student Health Services 
Mondays 2:00, Tuesdays and Thursdays I 
10:00 and ' :00. Wednesdays fl :00 and 
' :00. 
• Looking to Improve your health? Come to 
the second ftoor of Student Health Services I 
FREE Nutrltlon.1 H .. lth A ••••• m.nt •. 
Cholesterof screenings only $5. 
• A special Invitation to students inlerested 
in developing UCSD', own fltn ... and 
health magazine. Enlhusiastic staff needed 
now! QuestionsMeas please call Kristina at 
678-0'24. (weekly) 
• 10-"a.m., ' -2p.m. (Man). 10-11a.m. 
(Wed) , 1'-'2p.m. (Fri)-Chale.trol Scraan-
1"8 Tell at Student Health Services lor $5. 
Nutrition Analysis and Counseling et Student 
Health Services, FREEl. 
• FHII"" Stre .. ? Nof .... ng w.lI? Stu-
denl Health Advocates aIfer outreaches on 
Nutrition? Stress management right 10 your 
doorstep. Please call 534-24'9 lor more 
info. 
• 1 :OOpm- (Man, Wed, Fri)· Get In .hape 
with FITWALK. Meel at the Sun God as 
long as weather perm~s . Sponsored by Stu-
dent Health Advocates. Any Questions. call 
Mahdu @ 534-2419. See you therel 
• , -3pm- (Thurs, Fri)- Frse Nutrition a .. 
•••• m.nt and counseling , and 
SCholestrol screen ing at Student Heallh 
Services. 

CLUBS AND MEETINGS 
Ongoing 

• The CIM C.,. Collectlv. is looking lor 
member • . Do you like to cook? 00 you want 
to learn how? Drop by the CIM Cate during 
business hours: M-F II a.m .• 2 p.m., W 4 
p.m.-6 p.m. 
• The W_ R __ Canter We en-
courage new (and old) lIudenta to come in 
and become familiar with our many servicel 
and discussion groups. W. are located in 
the Student Cant.r, right next to A.S. lac· 
ture Not ... Drop by and say Hil . 
• "Th. C.nc.r Awarn ... Amoung the 
Paclftc A-'an Community" program only 
takes 3hrS/month. Keep your commun~ 
informed about caneer and stata pertaining 
to Asians In San Diego County. Call Dr. 
Georgia 8adter lor more info at 534-76". 
• PAHC "entorahlp memba,.: P ..... fill 
out a contract if you haven't yet. You are 
obligated to visit your physIdan at least twice 
this quarter. W. have a few openings. For 
more into, caH one of the directora or leave 
a note at the PAHC ofIica. 

Monday, Mil)' 15 
• 3pm. LnbI., Gay !Slsaxual AaeocIatJon-
M,etlngl every Monday at 7pm. @ 
Women's Resource Camr. Come out & gil 
Involved I Call 534-GAYS (4297) (wee/rl)!) 
• 7pm- Come )oln ttl. Clrcl. K Interna-
tlonel, II you want to help the community, 
improve your leadership skiN. or make new 
friends, corne join ua In Gallery B at the Prica 
Cant.r. 

Tuesday, May '6 
"2:30-' :3Op.m. - \legetarlan Lunch F_at 
sponsored by the \ledic Cu"ural Society. 

~he Hare Krishnas) . Erjoy an all you can 
eat gounnet vegetarian feast as _II as vid-
eos showing the \ledic culture and philoso-
phy of India. S2 suggested donation. Gal-
lery A in the Pric. Center. (weekly) 
• 5pm - PAHC ".mbe,,: Only two more 
meetings this quarter. This meeting will be 
discussing the Sun God leslival & the guest 
speaker will be a plastic surgeon. So don't 
lorget to come at 5pm In Gallery A. 
• 5pm • S,A.T,C.H, (.tudanta actlv, to-
w.rd. community health) Potluck, Meet 
your science prolessors and a guest 
speaker. Bring a dish. At the Price Center 
Gallery B. 
• 6:00pm - Wlldem ... Club. Join Wilder· 
ne ••• nthualaat. lor hiking , rock climb-
Ing , back packing and morel meel every 
Tuesday on 2nd floor @ old student ctr, at 
picnic benches above KSDT. (weeklJll 
• 6:30pm-8:00pm - Speech at tha beach. 
P.clflc !S.ach Toa.tm .. ter. at Santa-
Clara R EC Center, '008 Santa Clar. Place, 
in Mission Beach. Contact Trilh at 459-
'472. (weeklJll 
• 7:00pm - The Organization for Sluclenta 
Intere.ted In latin Amarlca (OSILA) will 
present "Barcelona' in the seminar room of 
the latin American Studies Building. 
• 7:30pm • C.I·Anlm.ge lie .. Chaptar, 
UCSD's Japanese animation club will be 
leaturing Maison Ikkoku 178, Pat/aber TV 
115, Irresponsible Captain Ty/6r" 7 and lria 
11-2. AIlIhows are subt"1ed in English and 
are open the public. Soiis '04. 

Wednasday, May 17 
• 7pm • ROTARACT CLUB: New members 
_leoma. Don't forget to come to this _k's 
meeting. Will be discussing elections, so· 
cial , and other events. Meeti'l9 is in 11111 Ctr 
conference room. 
• 7 p.m. la.t Indicator (AIt.rnatlve .... 
dla Publication) Meeting. looking for writ-
ers, photographers, layout artists, whatever 
you wish to contribute. Be a part of Alterna-
tive Media. (WHlrly) 

Thursday, May 18 
• 4-Spm - TRES • Tranafar-Re-Entry-Stu· 
dent Commlte. mHtlng_ @ Thurghood 
Marshall College Administration building· 
Provost's Conference room. come make a 
dlffer8ncelor yourself and other future trans-
fer or re-entry students on campus. (~I)!). 
• 6pm • Coma help organlz. and expand 
the Col ... Democrat • . Rm 202 Old Stu· 
dent Canter Consciousness on Campus. 
(weekI)!) 
• 7pm - Golden Key National Honor Socl-
.ty. All member's welcome, meet at P.C. 
Ubrary lounge. Get involvedl (1/tI88II/)I) 
• 7:'5pm • Int.rvaralty Chrl.t1.n Fellow-
ahlp inv~es you to come join us lor a talk 
on Interpersonal Contlict Resolution . 
lorraine Kelley will bespeaking. WLH 2005. 
(weekI)!) 

Sunday, May 21 
• 7pm- Food Co-op meItInga a,. Sundaya 
.. 7:00pm and open to the public. loca· 
tion chIngea _kIy so lIop by Or oaU 546-
83311 lor Info. (WNII/)') 
'7-1Opm- Society lor Creative Anachro-
nlam will be meeting II the Old Student 
Canter Pub (next to Porter's Pub). Topic will 
be armor·maki"" and armor typel. Call 
Tania @ 556-D823 for queltiona, 

CAREER SERVICES 
Ongoing 

• If you're graduating IhIa quwter.nd job-
_king we'll match you with a proIeAionaI 
in your fi.,d of intarest who will gat you 
started nItworlli"" in the local Job markll. 
Sign up with the relarancll room deSk. 
• 8:00-4:00- SlOt + • Computer-baed pr0-
gram of career Informltlon designed to 
t.lp you clarify your sk~11 valuel and inter· 
..... For mora information, coma to Carter 
ServIces Center. AdmlSllon 510.00. 
• 1 :30-4:00p.m. - DAOP-IN ADYlS .. G· For 
help with car.., goals, job hunting, resume 
pr.paration and r.,ated "-s. No appoint· 
ment needed, just walk in. 
• ProI8lll_VGredUBta School AdvIIing 
- Daily appointment aveilable lor islUBS r. 
lated to prolessionallgredulte achool edmis-
sian. Call 534-41139. 
• Mentor - II you're gredusting this quarter 
and job-seeking we'll malch you with a pro-
fessional in your fi.1d of interest who will get 
you l1arted networking In the local job mar· 
ket. Sign up with the reference room desk. 

Tuesday, May 16 
• On-C.mera: Int.rvlawl"" .klll. lor .m· 
ployment· usng video, Improve your tech· 
nique through pr.ctic. and valuable feed-
back. Prerequisit.: Interviewing skills work-
shop. Sign up at Referanee Room desk. 

Wednesday, May 17 
• Interviewing .klll. workahop-Leam tech-
niques required to be successful in the in-
terview process. Come to the Career Cen-
ter. 

Thursday, May 18 
• Gradull. "hool Info _.lon·The na-
ture of graduate education and how to ap-
ply 10 PhD and academic masters programs. 
career Canter. 

ATHLETIC EVENTS 
Sunday, May 21 

'10 a.m. The Archery Club at UCSD meets 
behind Thornton Hospital. Call Tania at 558-
0823 lor questions. (weakly) 

REUGIOUS SERVICES 
Ongoing 

HEALTH AND FITNESS 
Ongoing 

• Coma and check out your physical fitness I 
Sign up lor FITS TOP lor a personal, free 
physical fitness assessment. Sign·ups ere 
downstairs in the Siudent Health Canter. 
• FREE SEXual He.1th Information at S1u· 

• 7:30pm· Campus C",Nda for Chrlatls 
a group 01 students interested in develop-
Ing their relationships with God through 
prayer, the BIble, and fellowship w~h other 
Christians. We meet each Tuesday night at 
7:30pm at the Price Cemr Conf, room, We 
Welcome III. Come check us out. (WHI!/y) 

• Cethollc Community ..... : At the Uni-
versity Lutheran ChurCh, masses on Sun-
day at 8:t5 a.m., 5,7 and 9 p.m.; Tuesday 
& Thu"'t 5 p.m.; Wednesday at 9:30 p.m.; 
Thuraday night student- $2 dinner at 6pm. 
All at Univ lutheran Church, W Shor .. and 
N. Torr.y PinHo Welcome. (wee/rl)!) 

. Monday, May 15 
• 5-6:3Opm - Muallm Student Anoclatlon 
n.etl _kly to diacull pertinent Is_ • . 
We waleoma all to stop by 10 learn more 
about Islam. Meetlngl are inside, 2nd IIoor 

Monday, May 15,1995 

HAPPENINGS THIS WEEK 

P.C. (weekly) 
• 7:00pm • Asl.n American Chrl.tian 
Fetlowhlp Invite. you to join us at lhe PC 
Cov. for a time of worship, 'ellowship, and 
the study of God's word. It'll be lots of tun' 
come join us I (weekly) 

Tuesday, May 16 
• 6:00pm • Rabbi J.ff'. cia •• continues 
every Tues. on interesting & educational 
topics. Call Chai Point at 534-6244 lor Ioca-
lion & topic. (WHlcI)!) 
• 7:30pm· C.mpus C",'" lor Chrlat is 
a group 01 students interested In develop-
ing th.ir relationships with God through 
prayer, lhe Bible, and Iellowship w~h other 
Christians. We meet each Tuesday night at 
7:30pm at the Price Center Cori!. room. We 

"welcome all. Come check us out. (weekly) 
Wedn.sday, MlY 17 

• 6pm -Home.-oked .upper for 1tucIenI. 
.nd young edulta. Great lood, great fel-
lowship. Nominal 52.00 donation, ~ you can, 
to help defray cost. All are welcome. loca-
tion: University lutheran Church 9595 W 
Shores Drive (across the street from Revelle 
.College). (weekI)!) 
, 7pm • !SIble .tudy on the book of the 
Acta of the Ape.tI .. , 'or students and 
young adult~. One l10ur a week lor good 
Sible discussion and Christian fellowship @ 

Unlvers~ lutheran Church (9595 La Jolla 
Shores Dr. across the str ... from Rev.lI. 
College) (MWIdy) 
• 7pm - ApoatoIIc Fellowahip I. Intaraetacl 
In giving you a Bible Study, Come to our 
_kly rnHIingl II WlH 2209 or call lor a 
BIble Study at your convenlance. Coma and 
hear the Word of GOlfl Contact Ruben 
Annedondo It 6'9-695-6540 for more Infor· 
mation. (MWIdy) 

Thursday, May 18 
• 7: 15pm • Intar'VaratIy Chrlatlan 1'./1_. 
ahlp Inv~s you to join ua for. night of wor· 
ship, fellowhip, and • d«ng good timel Topic 
will be the Outrnch Challenga. @ WLH 
2005. 81 ther.' (MaIr/)') 

Sunday, May 19 
• 10:'5am • Worahlp ..,.,Ice. All are wei· 
come. Univera~ Lutheran Church (acro .. 
the str ... from Revelle CoIlag.) 

SERVlCES!WORKSHOPS 
Ongoing 

• Wom.n. PHr CounHlora (trained by 
Paych, Servicel) Need a confidential 
friendly ear to lill.n? Walk·in hours or call 
for appointment. Womens Resource Cen-
ter. • 
• The PHr Counealora for the RED Pro-
llrem are looking lor perticipants in a 5 week 
workshop concemlng self-esteem, food & 
body image issues. For more Info call 81v 
@ 534-3755. To start 3rd or 4th week. 

Monday, May 15 
• 'Oam-'2pm • Do you have any co~. 
about your or another paraon'. alcohol 
or aubetane. UH? II so, there is someone 
available for you. My name is Scott, and I 
am availableweekly at the Thurgood 
Marshall Dean's office. (week/)') 
• 3-4pm . Singi. Parant. Support Group: 
Women 's Resource Center. leaders: 
Oanielle Ungle and Aymi Schalz. Call 534-
5set for info. (weekly) 
• 3-4:3Opm - Adult Children 01 A1cohollca 
P.ycho-Educatlon.1 Support Group: 
Mountain V_ Lounge. led by peer coun-
selors. Call 534-3035 lor info. (weekly) 

Tuesday, May 16 
• 1 -2:30pm • Gradu.t. M.n' •• nd 
Women'. Group: 1003 GH , leaders: 
Equilla luke, 534-0246, and Howard Rubin. 
Call 'or sign-up. (week/)j 
• 3-4:30pm - Und.rgr.duat. Growth 
Group: Revelle Provost Building. Leaders: 
Equilla luke, 534-0246, and John Wu, 534-
, 579. Call lor sign-up. (weekly) 

Wednesday,May 17 
• 8:3O-tOam - M.n and Woman Molested 
.. Children: '003GH. Leaders: Miriam 
losupovicl, 534-D255, and Fred \ianhoose. 
Call 'or sign-up, (WHlcIy) 
• 12-2pm - Alcohol and sub.tance abu .. 
pter coun •• lor avall.bla Michel. HSS 
2056. (_kly) 
• 6:30pm - Common Ground: Come to an 
open discussion 01 sexuality between het-
erosexuals, bisexuals, gay., and lesbians. 
Women'l Resource Center. (week/)') 
• 6:3O-tlpm - Gay , Blea.uel Men's Sup-
port Group led by Matt. Join us lor a sefa 
and supportive environment. Student Can· 
ter B, south conIwenca room. Cell 534-3456 
for more info. (wee/rl)!) 
• 7pm - "To SpHII Up or Not· Then II the 

Dllemmal" Reina Juarez, Counseling Psy-
Chologist. Embrace your assertiveness I This 
work-shop will fine tune your skills with fresh 
perspectives. Assertiveness is an insapa-
rable campanian on the road to effective 
communication. PC Gallery B. (weekly) 

Thursday, ~ 18 
• 1-3pm • F.ce to Face- Alcohol & sub· 
stance abuse pear counaeling. A safe place 
to talk. Michael- ARGO Hall rm 108 (next to 
piano rm). (weekI)!) 
• 3pm - Adult Chlldr.n 01 Alcoholic. 
Group. Meets in the Women's Resource 
Center. (WHldy) 
• 3-4:3Opm -Grlel Group: led by John Wu, 
534-1579, and Nancy WBhlig. call for sign-
up. Revelle Provost's Bldg. (weekly) 
• 6:30-8 - Gredult. gay. blHxuat men'e 
.upport group: A sale and confidential 
environment to mat other gay & bisexual 
men and discuss concems about sexual~ . 
led by Matt in Student Catner B, Lower level 
conference room. (waeldy) 

Friday,May 19 
• '0-12pm- N.ed to ... k? Ken, a trained 
peer counselor, will be at the Roosevelt 
College Provosl's Office to address your 
concerns about alcohol & substance abuse. 
(weekly) 
• '1-' 2pm- Gan.ral Women'. Support 
Group: Women's Resource Canter. Danielle 
Ungle and pear counselors. Call 534-5961 
lor info. (waeldy) 
• '1-I2pm· laablan, gap. bI .. _lal 
Have questions? Want eomeone to talk to? 
Need a supportive environment? Drop by 
the Woman'1 Reaouroa CanIar to talk w/ Ann 
lynl Call 534-3456 lor mora info or an appt. (_k/)') 
· '2-' :3Opm- Aalan -AmerIcan CommunIty 
Forum: Mountain VieW lou""a. Led by 
Jeanne Manase, 534-3035, and John WU, 
534- '579. Drop.;n. (.....,.., 
• 2-4pm- AIGohoI and- Subatance Abuae 
Group: Mountain V_ Lounge. lude,,: 
Dan Munoz, 534-D25', and Danielle Ungla. 
Drop-in. (Malr/y) 
• 4:' 5~m· Campus !S1acII Forum: Moun-
tain V_ lounge. lll8dera: Phil Raphael 
and Fred Vanhoose. Orop-in. (WMkIy) 

EVENTS AND RECREATION 
Monday. May 15 

• l' .m-2pm- A celebration 01 abilities will 
be observed when UCSD holds "8 annual 
"Dlaabliity Aware,.... Day" at the Price 
Canter. 
• 8:()()'10:00pm - Come gat DAZED and 
CONFUSED at the 1aUU! 101m on campus, 
the Pric. Cant.r Theater. 5' .50 in advance, 
S2.00 at the door. 

T uasday, May 16 
• 4:30-6:00pm- Five UCSD faculty members 
who have significantly impacted the livas 
and careers of their students have been 
named r.clpl.nt. of the lilli' Dlatln· 
lIul.heeI T_chlng Award. from the Aca· 
demlc Sanata. The .wards will be pre-
sented in the Faculty Club. 

Wednesday. May 17 
• 7:00 p.m. Adventurae In Wlndow-Uck. 
lng, Undermining the rituals. Performance 
and book presentation by UCSO's Experi-
mental Writing Class. Free admission to all. 
The performance will be held in the \/Isual 
Arts Performance Space 1306. (weekly) 
• 8pm- "The Wedding Banqu.t" Will be 
shown @ Warren lacture Han 2001 . Admis-

. sian is FREE. More Info? C8l1lGBA - 534-
GAYS (4297) 
• 8:00-10:oopm- Coma g.t DAZED and 
CONFUSED at the fattest ioim on campus, 
the Price Center Theater. S' .50 In advance, 
S2.00 at the door. 

Friday, May 12 
, 7:00pm- Frse fIIm,"Stegec:oach", 7pm, 
SDSU. Little Theater. 

Saturday, May 20 
• 9am-dusk- Nallv. American Pow.Wow, 
free & public. Balboa Park. On 17 bus line. 
281 -5964. 
• 9pm-'am- Don't Ask, Don't T.II..Juat 
Pur.uel Non-sexist dance al Che Cele. 
Free Admisslonl Great Musicl For more info, 
call LGBA at 534-GAYS (4297) 

OTHER 
• The WMkly Calendar is always looking 
lor illustrations and photos from the UCSD 
populetion. II you are a photo aficionado or 
a drawing freak who captures the _nce 
of the times, bring your work to the Guard-
ian office, upstalra in Student Canter A. Your 
friends will think you are cool. ( ...... Iy) 

Monday. May 15,1995 The UCSD Guardian 

COOL! 
" ~ " 99¢ Fuji Film! 

with Film Developing! 

.-----------------------. I Present. this coupon to counter clerk when picking up I h e . , 
, yoU! finished processing order and receive 0 fresh roll I 
I of FUJI film (ISO 100) for only $.99 with ony roll of I 
I 35mm color print film ((41 process) developed and 
, Printed, single or double color prjnts. Not valid with I "'or 01·~.'1S Copies ... ,I"d More! I 

other offers, one coupon per customer. 
I 011" good •• Y IS th,u Moy 2t, I us Locoted at: I 
I Film processed by ~ FUJI Trueolor UCSD- Upper floor of Price Center. 677-9000 I 
I Clerk Initials Envelope # SDSU·ln the Campus Stare· 265·2265 \ L ______________________ . _~ 

I l-U. SED 
ALL 

EXPERIENCE 
SUPER SCREENS 
AT ,'Nr,.~ 

~ 
..... 

• 
• 

BE 

Hurry in for hot deals on a Macintosh. 
(Right after class, of course) 

Power8oo~ 520c w/Modem 
12 AlB RMV320 MB hard drive and modem. 

Now only $2,799 

RIGHT NOW AT YOUR CAMPUS RESELLER . Unfortunately, they won't stay this low ·forever. So you need to forget about how han! your life is for a 
minute and start thinking about how easy it will be with a Macintosh. The com- 1-
puter that gives you the power any student am use. The power to be your best~ Apple. Being a student is hard. So we've made buying a Macintosh" easy. So easy, in fact, that the prices on Macintosh personal computers are now even lower than their already low student prices. 

LJI SiD 
('Ie:)( )K' ~ ' c: ... 1 

fHO yoU~ .~"IN 

UCSD Bookstore Computer Department 
Located inside the Bookstore, second floor of the Price Center. 
For more information 534-4291 

15 



16 CLASSIFIEDS 

\ \ \( H \( : F\IE\T~ 
C&Ih lor coIItgt. 900.000 grII1IS 8V11i1ab1e. 
No repeymenta, ever. QuaIfy immediately. 
1-800-243-2435. (4/3-618) 

UCSO DtSABlUTY AWARENESS DAY Mon. 
May 15th (11am 10 2pm) Price Center Plaza 
& BaIIroam IncIudeI program of music, drama 
& demoIlItI atior III, vendor fair and art exhibit. 
For InIo call 534-6744. (518-5(15) 
SIreutd? ReIu wIIh us and gat Dazed and 
Confused Monday 5115 and Wed 5(17. 8:00 
Inc! 10:00pm. _the PC TheIIIr. (5(11-5(15) 
Free FlnancIII Aldl Over $6 BIIIon In private 
IICIor grants & IChoIar1hips is now available. 
A118IudtnII818 eligible regardless 01 grades, 
income, 0( pnnrs income. lei us help. Call 
SIudent F'nnciaI SeMces: 1-800-263-6495 
ext. F59783. (5(11-6/1) 
AII8ntion LOS SIudenIs; Check outthe InstiUe 
01 RelIgion, EnIigIMning cla88es, friends, 100, 
food; AM welcome. Call lor Info: 452-7256. (5( 
15-18) 
Car Nash! Bring ywr car 10 the PBF/DSF car 
wash on SaU'day, May 20 frcm 10-2 pm at 
the SmIth's parking lot off Nobel Drive. All 
donations go 10 benefit our national 
phllallthroples. (5115-5(18) 
C.R.A.S.H. Flash: How mucI1 is a good buzz 
worth? ansMr. UCSD students spend about 
$13,000 each -.k on binge drlnklngl (5115) 

Female - ahare fumlahed atudlo P.B. 
IUI11I'Il8( tllld/O( 8ChooI year. S205(mo + 1/2 
utilities. LaundIy facilities & pool. Available 6/ 
15. 274.0527. CriIty. (5111-5/15) 
FemaIt raommaIt wanted lor IUlTlmer arwjf 
0( 18110 share Vilas 01 Renaiaaance Apt. willi 
2 females. Own room, share batIwoom with 1 
per8OI1. Washerldryer, pool. eecurtd parking. 
$355Imo • 113 utilities. CaN Ophelia 453-
1657. (5111-5122) 
1 bedroom condo. Near UCSD. Garage with 
all appIianceI. Available June 1 st. S850 per 
month. Call Dan 452-2301 . (5(11-5115) 
La JoIa Colony room lor rent with private 
bath. Near campus. PooUspa. $385Imo. Ron 
457-5806. (5111-5115) 
4 bdrm 2 bill house in Claramont. SpactacuIar 
view, cIoae 10 1ChooI. Available lor summer 
rental with option 10 extend i~ next scIlooI 
year. Call Dave 0( Eric 581 -1539. (5111 -5125) 
Roommate wanted to share 3 bdrm condo in 
Mira Mesa beglmlng July 1. $283Imo • 1/3 
utilities. Only 15 min. frcm UCSO. 53G-3009. 
(5111-5/25) 
Female S1udent wanted for summer and/or 
school year in sunny, friendly apartment 
behind UTC. Own bdmvba $392. SO. eal 
Sarah 587-2596. (511 -5115) 
Roommates wanted for summer. Share 
master 275/mO or single room 350/mo in 
condo 5 mins. frOfn UCSD 3 bedrooms, 2.5 
baths. Avail. June 16. CaN Jerad 552-3490. 
(514-5118) 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, May 15, 1995 

CLASSIFIEDS 
Clossified advertising is sold in 20-wom increments. The rate per 20 wonls is $2 for 
students (for personal use only), $3 for faculty and staff, and $4 for others. Payment in 
advance is required; therefore, ads must be mailed with a check (made payable to The 
UCSD Guardian) or prr?Sented in person. Deadlines are 3 p.rn. Thursday for Monday's 
issue, and3 p.rn. Monday for Thursdily's issue. The Guardian reserves the right to refuse 
any advertising including but not Iimiled to companionship ads. For more information 
ca1l534-5416. Mailingaddress: UCSDGuardian,Attn: Classijieds, 9500GiJmanDrive, 
0316, La Jolla, CA 92093~316. Actual address: Student Center A, top floor. 

Room for renI (mid.June 10 mid-Sept.) in 
great apar1Iner'ItIln Del Mar, pool, own bath, 
WI.fItII«y in apt, hot tub, weight rocxn, lennis 
courts, non-smoker only, call 793.()191 . (518-
5(18) 
3 bedroom wndo, 2.5 bath, bike to UCSD, 
pool, tennis. attached garage, wash/dryer, 4 
people ok, $1200, water Included, 755-0986, 
943-1165. (SI8-5(18) 
QuietIconsidera non-smoker seeks same 
to share 2nd ftoor, south ""'sa two bedroom 
apar1mtnI. 5319. Graduate students only. 
Josh 452-7257. (5/8-5118) 

female. Own Bd/bath In clean. gated complex. 
Pool, raquetball, laIN, hoi tub. Quick, easy 
bike ride to UCSD, next 10 Costa Verde, on 
bus Une. $385Imo. Call soon 587-9884. (51 
15-5122) 
FO( rent: UTCILa Jolla Colony townhorne: 3-
bedrocxn, 2.5 bath, $1325; new carpeVpalnt; 
washerldryer, refrigeralOf. Near Vans, Costa 
Verde, UTC; quiet, evailabie September 1. 
454-6462. (5115-&'8) 
Own room in University City houae. $290/m + 
112 utimies. Available June 19-Aug. 31 . 
Responsible fcx July-August rent. Female 
preferred . 587'()779. (5115-5118) 

Fill, easy -no financial obligation. (BOO) n5-
3851 EXT. 33. (1130- 6/8) 
$1750 waeIdy possible mailing our CircLMrs. 
No experience required. Begin now. For info 
call 202-298-8957. (3116-&'8) 
Need an extra $500.00 a month? Got 4 to 5 
hours a week? Ca" 578-2634. (3/16-618) 

Want to fly? Check out the soaring club@ Sun 
God Festival 0( cal Sarah @ 587-8891. 
Instruction aVail. now & 1UITImtr. (5115-5118) 

P.B. house for rent. 4 BR/2 SA. unfurnished, Female roommate wanted. Own master 
jacuui, laundry, lemi-circular driveway. bedrocxn. $335 University City. Quiet, clean Need 2-3 people 10 find housse with21ema1es 

in Bay ParkI Clairamonl. Sharelown rocxn. 
Anytime after 6/18. 657-9169. (5115) 

Earn $3000.00-$5000.00 & Gain valuable 
business experience aeNing yellow pages 
advertising In the UCSD official campus 
telephone directory this Spring/Summer. 
Excellent marketing/adV8l1iling sales/PR 
experience. Experience beneficial but not 
necessary. EOE. Call 1-800-466-2221. (4/3-
6/8) 

$1395/mO. available 7/1. 581-1740 0( 272- house. No drugs, no smoking. Can 546-8717. 
8066. (514-5115) Available immediately. (518-5118) Students: Wantto contact the Chancellor with 

ideas or concern? Ule eleclronic mail: 
chanctllor@ucsd.edu. Include name and 
electronic mailbox. (5115) 

IIO( ~I\(; 
Condo lor rent: S9503 Belrm, 1.5 baIh, washerl 
dryer, MIl' 8ChooI, quiet. Available now and 
1UI11I'Il8(. Cd 457-2017 or collect (818) 286-
5832. (4127-5122) 
RoommaIewerMdl Available nowtlvuAugust 
in UrMnity City houae. Near busilne, perk, 
trails. WID. $38OImo . • 1/5 utilities. Call 990-
5041 . (5(11-5(15) 
Female 1lOI..-noki 1\1 oou.nata needed for 
June..AugustlliJleege. $35(Wmo .1/4u1i1ities. 
No deposit WID. CIoee to UCSD, UTC. Call 
453-9040,6n-9289. (5111-5125) 
3 roommates wanted in a 4 bedroom condo. 
Own room appro $25O!I Aval. July 1. close to 
school. Pager: 899-3706. (5111,5115) 

PASTFINDERS 
ANTHROPOLOGICAL SOCIETY 
in as.x:iaOOn with the Dept. of Anthropology 

Houae for rent: 5 bdrm, 3 bath, Mira Mesa, 
$1350, $5OOdeposit, + utiI. Stove, reIrigerator, 
laundry, 10 min. walk to bus, near Ralph's. 
shops. Clean and reponsible! avail. July 1 
549-1425. (514-5130) 
La JoI~D. Two responsible students 
seek housemaI8 to take large muter ($470) 
righI next 10 campus and La Jolla Village 
Convenience Center. Campus Is our front 
yardl 452-6269. Ask for John. (514-5(18) 
"you 818 quiet and have your own computer 
(Mac 0( PC) you can trade some data entry 
work tor some rent wIIh a UCSD alUIMist 
small business owner in the P.B./la JoIa 
area. $325Imo. $325 deposit. Roger 488-
6817. (518-5115) , 

Own 1xIrm'ba$425.00 in spaciousand friendly 
apartment behind UTC. Great viewl Available 
immediately. Female UCSD studenl 
preferred. Call 681-7347. (518-5115) 

invites you to a lecture entitled 

Topla8 in Anthropology - Evolutionary l'erspeatlves 
on the Ri6B of Chiefdoms and States 

Presented by 

Robert Carneiro 
Americen Museum of Natural History 

May 16, 1995 at 7:00 PM 
Peterson Hall 108 

C!HIponeortd by ASUCSO 

Female non-smoking rooniate wanted June-
Sept. Gorgeous, sunny RegentS Rd. Apt. 
$34O(mo + 1/3 util. 6n-9470. (5115-5122) 

Summer sublet. Pacific Beach. 2 blocks from 
oceanl Laundry, roofdeck, killer view. Only 

, S330/month. Call Dave 273-9696. (5115-51 
22) 
2 roomates wanted 10( summer: master 

. bedrocxn, own bath. House in University City, 
with pool. $250/montll each. 1622-9512. 
(5.15-5125) 

Summer roommale wanted to live with one 
female undergrad and one cat in Pacific 
Beach. PrefarabIy a temaIe who's fun and 
responsible. A large fumllhtd 0( unfurnished 
bedroom I. available mid June - mid 
SeptembeI -325Imonth • 1/2 utilities. CIoM 
to everything. Please call 581-18SO if . Need a place lor sumrner, next year? Helpl 
io1tt8lt8d. (5115-5130) I'm going abroad 10 study; take my room in 
Roommates WII1Itd for MI. Soledad condo. ' , ~HNIs house. BrIan 299-3652. (5115-51 
Available June, two prIvaIe btdroomI with 
own bathIOomI in a 3 bcIrm'3 baIh. Furnished, 
2000 sq. ft wndo, air conditioned, pool, 
jacuzzi, tennilcourta, waa/a'fdrylrandcable. 
0nIy7rnirUestoUCSD. Non-smoldng, quiet. 
no pets. $45OImOnth. 1/3 ~I. Call Steven at 
(6/19) 273-8812. (5(15-5125) 
Faculty and Students - For ·SaIe - Hallway 
between beach & UCSD 2 bedroom condo 
$119,900. C8II now! 436-5263 agent. (5115-
5125) 

RooIn lor rent: single room 3 bedrocxn 1.5 
bath fumiIhed 1Dwnhouae, $28OImo + 1/3 
utilities. Nt.-campus. Need person 6/15195-
9/15(95. Call Raj 658-0225. (5115-5125) 
Student looking for single apartment bedroom 
10 sublet, within 20 minutes of PB from June 
to September. Patrick (916) 756-85n (5115-
5125) 

Summer room available nowl Great location 
3 bedroom apt. lor rent in PB. 5 min walk 10 near UTC/business. own room. large wid. 
beach. Close to Gamet $95OImonth call 274- heated pool. S320. 1/3 utiI. Call 455-6506. (51 
44190( 273-9696. Avail nid.June thru end of 15-5125) 
August. (5(15-6/5) -------------------
Del Mar, roommateforSUlM* an4'or school-
year, own room in fully furnished 2 floor 
beautiful townIlcue, washerldryer, pool, 3 
minulellO belches, 15 & busiine. 9 min 10 
UCSD. Prefer student. SUIM*'S rent $3651 
month wl250 deposit. Available 6/15. Call 
793-0259. (5115-5118) 
Summer female roommate needed for 

3 bedroom townhouse available Summer or 
Fall, near UTC, UCSD, washer/dryer, pool. 
Cal Nina 792-6453. (5/8-618) 

Female to share PB Law St. houae w/ciean, 
professionaIlemaie. Own master BD/BA wi 
hardwood ftoors, bright. huge yard. laundry, 
dishwasher, garage, beach 2 blocks. $650/ 
mo.Jen: h581-0718; w497.()()33. (518-5(15) 

furnished 2 bedroom apt. near UCSD. June 1 Own rocxn in 2 bdrm townhouse 5 min from 
10 August 6. $27O(monIh. Cal Jenny at 552- UCSD.S360monthlyfurnishedO(not.1emaIe 
0544. (5(15-5118) preferred. July_Sept. Cal Devon or Shoshana 
Own roorrVSIITIIIIIr sublet - La Jolla condo 
next 10 campus June 26 - end 01 Aug. Ten 
WItkIz S660 .II3I11iHtltl. Jeff 455-6227. (5( 
15-5(18) 
Sunny summer sublet for neat, non-smoking 

535.()5n. (518-5125) 

E \1 PLO' .\1 Eyr 
Fast Fundrailer - raise S500 in 5 clays -
greeks, groups, clubl. motivated individuals. 

CnMse ships now hiring- Earn up to $2000+1 
month working on Cruise SIlips or Land-Tour 
companies. World travel (Hawaii, Mexico, the 
Caribbean, etc.) Seasonal and fUll-time 
employment available. No experience 
necessary. For more information call 1-206-
634-0468 ext. C59766. (5115-611) 
National Park Jobs. Fores1Jy workers, park 
rangers, firefighters, lifegualds • • YOIuntaer 
and government positions available at 
National Parks. Excellent benefits. bonusesl 
Over 25,000 openingsl For more info. cal: 1-
206-545-4804 ext. N59782. (4124-5118) 
Earn $500-$20001 month part time. Easy, 
100. Full training. High income career potential 
also - your choice. 456-5543. (511-5(18) 
RESORT JOBS - Earn to $12ft11' . • tips. 
Troplc:aJ & Mountain destinations nationwide. 
1-206-632-0150 ext. R59762. (511-6.'1) 
I nterested in earning money and gaining job 
experience a1 a law office? Local finn has 
entry level openings. Cal 687-7651 for more 
details. (514-5/1 5) 
Alaska Summer Employment- Students 
Needed! Fishing Industry. Eam up to $3,()()(). 
$6,000. per month. Room and Board! 
Transportalion l Male or Female. No 
experlerY'..a necessary. Call (206) 545-<4155 
ext. A59764. (514-6/5) 
Travel Abroad and Work. Make up to $2,()()(). 
$4.000+/mo. teaching basic conversational 
EngMsh In Japan, Taiwan, or S. KDnIa. No 
teaching background or AsIan languages 
required. For Information call: (206) 632-1 148 
ext. J59767. (514-6/5) 
Baby sitter needed tor 2 yr. old boy. One or 
two days/eves. Flexible and experienced. 
Cel Usa - 271-7646 """,ellces pIeue. (S18-
5(18) 
MOTHER'S HELPER tor 2 and 4 year old. 
Solana Beach, 8-12 tnt.vk. Ref's req'd. $71 
hr. No call. after Spm. 755-4899. (5111-5(18) 
MODELS NEEDED. Swimsuit, lingerie, figwe 
models. For our monthly Glamour Photo 

MeAT 
Attention MeAT Students: 

u Hungry? Get what 
~ YOU want and get It 

~ with your Everyone claims to offer the best prepara-
tion. Do other courses offer these features?: 

~ Class Size of no more than 12 students, grouped by 
shared strengths and weaknesses. 
~ Four full-length diagnostic MCAT exams. 

, The Caduceus Software Project. 
~ An average score increase of 6.5 points!· 

Call tod~ for more infonnation! (800) 2-REVIEW ~~CETON ~'REVlEW 
, , , , 

_I ~~)~ 
gl rny'~ ~c.a_. __ ffr~ For more Infonnatlon. caD ~,_~ __ ... ~ 534-PLUS(7587J 

Monday, May 15, 1995 

Worklhop. Cal GPI (619) 575.()100. (5111-6/ 
1) 

Blk Jack Dealer needed. Military Club 
Entertainment will train, avg. $ 1 O.OOhr. 
Outgoing. 437-3171 . (5/15-5(16) 
CAREER AND INTERNSHIP 
OPPORTUNITIES WITH 138 YEAR OLD, 
MA RATED, FORTUNE 50 SERVICE 
COMPANY. We're IItking aaIect UCSD 
student. interested In financial aervlces. 
Downtown oIftcea. Fortune Magazine's most 
admired in industry. For interview information, 
call Jennifer Ball at (619) 230-8067. (5115-6/ 
8) • • -

SUMMER BABYSITTER Needed for our 4 
and 6 year old boys, in Del Mar, near beach. 
EHher full- or part-time. Must love kids. 
Elcperience preItrItd, retarence required. Cal 
Laura 622-61 19 (days). 792-0067 (eves.) (51 
15-5118) 
SUMMER JOBS! - HIRING NOW! 5-10 tull 
& part time jobs earning $10 hr up to $300 per 
week. Jobs filled on a first come, first serve 
basis. Call (619) 79H473 today! (5115-618) 
Food aervers. part-time, tun time evenings 
and weekend shifts available full service 
experience preferred. Apply in person Los 
Cabos restaurant, Del Mar Highlands 
Towncenter next to Edward's Cinema cm. 
Del Mar Heights rd. and EI Camino Real. (51 
15-6/1) 
Part time clerk for florist in La Jolla Village 
Shopping Center. Evenings and weekends. 
455-1600. (5115-6/1) 
Math/science mentors and social science! 
tunanitiesmentorswantedlorOASlSstudent 
support services program. Pay is $8. 17/hour. 
Pick up referral for job /I 905. 106 at Career 
Services and pick up application at Galbraith 
Hal 1058. (5115-5122) 
Sub Shop looking forexperienced employees. 
Flexible hours and good pay! Pleaae call after 
2! (819) 552-1183. UTC area. (5115-5/25) 
TELEMKTG - Professional office In La Jolla 
ptilt/Surnmer high commissioo. • bonuaes. 
No exp I wiN train. 459-3000. Mr. Budman 
xl83. (5115) 
Become a certilied Being Fit aerobics 
instructo( in just six Mtks. $100 tolal cost. 
CIasaes start in June. Call Pia 291 -1865. (51 
15-5130 ) 

2 steals, Men's Raleigh road bike, Mint cond., 
includes computer & 'look' clip-less pedals, 
less than 200 miles on this bike. New $600., 
asking $450. Also, Men's XL scuba wetsu~. 
lined, excellent shape. $751 Major Deals! 
Mark 753-0751 . (5/8-5122) 
Going to Europe this summer!?! 2 point-to-
point, first-dass Rail Europe tixs for salell 
$300! Must stili 658-0259. (5/8-5118) 
Schwinn ladies 1 O-spetd bike. racing hrodles, 
generator. needs new tires, $50. Call 538-
4245 evenings. (518-5115) 
Roedmaster Silver Ridge men's 12-spetd 
hybrid bike, needs brake adjustment, $50. 
Cal 538-4245 evenings. (518-5/15) 
Must Go! 11· TVNCR $150; 13· TVNCR 
S2OO; 4 piace bedroom seI$95. CaI Jaimieor 
MatI 587-0959. (518·5115) 

The UCSD Guardian 

Sct.Ca Gear: SpecINn" B.C., Body GkMI $ISO MiIUithi super VHS- one year old. 
no-zIp 6.5 mm, and _In GREAT SHAPE $750 rww; orty $500. 827-8801 . (5(15-5125) 
'792-6347. (5(8-5125) 

Pioneer receiver - 75 ___ channtt and 2 
SmIth Corona Won! Process8or. Portable waylPNklllswl12"wooIIrI-$ISOal. 827-
wIIh AC adapIor and printer. AccessorIes 8801 . (5115-5118) 
inctudld. Excellent condition. $220 090. -----------
Yvonne at 535-1986. (4/24-618) 486DX33, 5MB rlWll, 14· SVGA. 660 MB 

SCSI HD, 2 ftoppieI, Canon BJ 10-1, nice 
videocard rod audioc:ard. keyboard, joystick, 
trackball, IIOItwara! and _ . $768.00 obo. 
Doug @ 458-M62. (5(15) 

I 

\\\\'1'1-:1) 
TWlNSI "you .,. lin IdtnIicaI 0( fraWnal 
twin, plea. participaleln a UCSDPsychoIogy 
experiment. P~ wltl be monetarily 
oompenaaI8d. Call J. Lanen at 534-6283. 
(10117-&'3) 
SubjectI paid for a study on alcohol's effects. 
If you 818 a Japanese, ChIneae, or Korean, 
Arnerican-bom malt, call Scripps Research 

FO( Sale: art easels (2 sizes. solid wood); ctJI 
vidIIo I10rage cale.; bogen photo/YideO 
tripod; steel cashbox; portable ftltbox; XIrII-
long iuyJ*lni1t bike lock; ufboIrd; WIIIsIits 
(full & spring, med) : boogleboard; _mfins; 
cork bulletin boards; satelite apeak81'S wi 
woofar: hiking boots; 587-8672. (4127-618) 

Sur1boards _ cuSIOfn shaped exclusively for for more information, 554-7240. (-416-618) 

live in one, rent oIhar. Charming dl4lltx, 
large lot. Walk to beachl 28R, 1 BA each. 
SSI9,OOO. Willis Allen Co. -4~. (511 -51 
30) 

Computer lor Sale. Compaq Lie. Idnt-cond. 
S325 obo. Call 453-9040. (5111 -5122) 
1982 Yamaha 750 Seca- tull aervice. runs 
xlnt, very fast. will take you to 125mph for 
less, registered till Nov. wi UCSD parking 
pass, park anywhere, includes helmet. Must 
sell scon $1 ,095 or best offer. Call Neil @ 
535-8079. (5111 -5118) 
Scooter -Honda Elite 50, red. seats 2. $650. 
Includes helmet, lock and cover. Great deal. 
CaY 453-2004. (5111 ·5125) 
1985 Ford Escort LX, Station Wagon, 135,000 
mile,. 30+ mpg , 5 speed, reliable 
transportation. $1000.00 abo. Dawn 260-
8012. (5111-5115) 
Macintosh SE, 4MB RAM, Radius Full Page 
Display monito(. Radius video card installed, 
20MB internal disk, 8OOKintemaiftoppydrive, 
Apple eldendtd keyboard, Kensington System 
Saver, Abaton mouse, software. $675. 276-
3341. (5111 -5/30) 
Full bed, 8 months old $250. Computer desk, 
wh~e $45. Available after finals. Cal 450-
3346 and leave message. (5115-5118) 

you. Belt price possible. Call Judson 794-
0511 . (5115-5122) 

~EH\ ICE~ 
--.vRITING PROBLEM?- Protesslonal 
writer with 350 publicalioncrtdiIB offarsalhical 
assistance with term papers, theses, 
dissertations, application essays, resumes, 
scrHnpiays, stories, articles. Over 25 years 
8('..ademlc experience. Ai90 one-day word-
p,ocessing, editing, tutoring, critiquing, etc. 
Bill Delaney 966-1641 . (2116-618) 
FREE COLORED CONTACTS at the Costa 
Verde Classical Eye. Call 452-7374 or see 
the ad in this issue. (2/21-&'8) 
Travel-Best Fares-WorkI-WIde, personalized 
service.call now and Save SS. Office or fax 
546-7831. California I nter1ink Travel Network. 
(4/3- 5125) 
Do Europe S269 anytimel If you're a lillie 
llexible, we can help you beat the airline's 
prices .• NO HIDDEN CHARGES* *CHEAP 
FARES WORLDWIDE- AlRHITCH 800-397-
1098 Internet: Airhitch@nel.com.com. (4Il()' 
5130) 

Resumes. We specialize in student resumes! 
$10 off with ad. 693-8622. (518-615) 

Hawaii roundtrip airfrOfn San Diego. Honolulu 
$319, Maul $339,7 ni hoIeVairWaiklki $479. 
Restrictions apply. 481 -1264. (518-611) 

1984 Honda Interceptor 500. R818 full fairing, WOfd processing: manuscripts, dissMations, 
2 heImeIs, bike cover, lock & more. Fun & thtIes, books, ietlers, applications, resumes, 
reliable transportation. $1300. 569-1178. (51 editing. AocuraIe/FastIConIidentia. Mary Ann 
15-5/18) 452-9439. (~) 
1986 Chevy Nova-4dr, 5 $pd, rear defroster, 
stereo, new tires. 142Kmiles. Good condition. 
$1500. X48944. (5115) 
Moving sale: big desk $100. TVNCR stand 
$10, tall bookseH$30, word processor $100, 
file cabinet wi folders $25, dresaers $20, VCR 
$50, twin bedsets $1 00. Microwave $50, porch 
table. 4 chairs $30, golf clubs for lefties 
complete set S2OO. 455-6320. (5115-5118) 
For IBM PC. will sell or trade for games: 
Colonization, Privateer, Lord of the Ri~s 
(CO), Mediablitzl Call 622-1849. (5115) 
Ice hockey peds - clean, like new, kneeJshi/l, 
pants, elbow, helmet, also CCM Vakutack 
skatessl. 9-10. Call 0an622~280. (5115-51 
25) 

---------------------

Computerized Won! processing: Term paper, 
Theses, Resumes, Job Applications, letters, 
Business Cards. Excellent Quality, 
reasonable .. 1eave message. 619-283-6102. 
(4124-5118) 
SummerSl1apeUp. Lose Inches and pounds. 
All natural. Sale. Guaranteed. Most important 
- ~ works. Ask for Dr. Tumer. 492-8880. (511-
5118) 
Stressed? Relationship Issues? Depressed? 
Sometimes Iifa can feel overwhelming! For 
expeIienced help in a supportive and 
confidential environment, call Nancy Cohn 
Donoghue. a Marriage. Family and Child 
Counselor, for Individual of relationship 
oounseIing. Sliding scale. 481~. (5111-51 
25) 

1984 Honda Elite, red, 125cc, 13K, original T PaperAssi CalIOII~forF 
owner, mint, includes cover, bike lock and arm stance: .- REE 
basket. $395. Call 455-8334. (5115-5122) catalog of 29,000 reports. Open .-y day, 
_ _ ________ ----,-.' • evenings. Ber1celey R~ l-BOO-m-
Boomin-system - Alpine 30 watls/chan. Car 7901 . 415-586-3900. (5111·5122) 
amp - $100. 3-way MTX truck boxes w/10' 
woofers -$2OOIpr, one yearold. 627-8601. (51 
15-5(18) 

Traveling this surnrner1 Gel a HostIIIing 
IntematiunII MtmberIhip & stay at 5,000 
hostels worldwide cal: 338-9981 0( CouncIl 

Yamaha 5 disc horne CD changerw/l1lmote- Travel, 452~. (5115-~) 

Subjects paid for a study on alcohol's effects. 
If you 818 a Japanese, Chineae, or Korean, 
American-bom malt, call Scripps Research 
for more information. 554-7240. (4110-&'8) 
MALES NEEDED: Healthy males, ages 18 to 
SO, for a 2·3 hour ·Eyeblink Study" at UCSD/ 
MC in Hillcrest. Call Pat1ieat543-2314. (4/13· 
5/25) 
Sublet Wanted. Graduate studenliooking for 
1 bedroonVstudio lor the summer. Please 
contact Alex at Tel (310) 459-4161. (4/27-51 
15) 
Easy Money! Are you male and think that both 
of your parent have high blood pressure 
(hypertension)? Subjects needed for 
psychology experiment which pays well and 
requires lillie work. Call 534-1 372. (518-5118) 
Wanted, old computer lor art project. Ainlga, 
AIari or Apple. Must work and have manuals. 
to $1 SO ph. 6239138. Paul. (5115) 
UCSD Medical Center al Hillcrest needs 
heaI1hyvolunteers, ages 181OSO, fcxa2hour 
'Eyebiink Study." $10 plus parking will be 
provided. Call Pattie 81543-2314. (5115) 

Lost- Black Vella bicycle computer. Looks 
like small stop watch. Reward H found - 457-
1655 or 458-0162. (5111 -5115) 
LOST LENS & PLATE from PRICE CENTER 
DARKROOM. If you found the lens mounted 
in Enlarger 16 in the Price Canter Darkrocxn 
marked .R. BIiIey" in gold ink on boIh sides, 
PLEASE can 534~7 0( return ~ to either 
the Crafts Center, the Police Station or the 
UniversityEvents Office. Last seen on Sunday, 
April 31st. No questions asked. (5111 -5118) 
Found - light reddish-brown persian cat with 
orange eyes on 5110 near Gilman Dr. call 
558-5793. (5115-5122) 

PEHSO' .\L~ 
Oh E. Seeing your smile fills my heart with 
love for you. M. (5111 -5122) . 
The Green-Eyed Asian Man in Espresso 
Roma (Sun, 5(17). Our way Of seying hello 
first. Offer us a chairllNMD. 

Looking fcx people who.e moving to Boston 
next year. Please cal Shannon at 55 1 -0541 . 
(5(1 1-5118) 
Anna? (5(15) 

-------------------

Sori! (5(15) 

Did I say 3 hws? (5115) 
Sleep, Sleep, Jonna, Jonna. From the 

~ men in your lite. (5(15) 

• • DISABILITY 
AWARENESS FAIR 

: Family Amusement Centers : 
I Buy 4 TOKENS... • 
:GET4FREE: 
I TOKENS: 
•
1 Or.e per customer per day. e.p .... 5/22/95 
••••••••• 

in the UTC Food Court 

• $17 
5 x 7· $19 
5 x 8· $20 

Today 11 a,m. - 2 p.m. 

~rice Center ~ aza & ~al room 
• Program of mu.'c, dramll & demon ...... lon •• 
• Vendor f.I, f ... urlng ...... equipment Including 

voic •• cllv"ed comput .... .net ergonomic fumlture 
• Art E.hlblt b, loe.1 & Lo. AngeIe •• rtl.t. 

For furlher Intorm.llon c.11 
UCSD'. 1nIpIo, ........... 11I.llon Prog ... m 

534·6744 

CLASSIFIEDS 17 

, , 

, 

. ' , 

tD~ 
.~ 

i~ 

PerhaQs 
it's best if you 

don't take 
all your 

educational 
materials horne 

for sunun.er 
break. 

,-

r---------------------, ., 
T h ey're b reakabl e . : 

They're bu lky. T h ey 'ro: 
poten tially incr iminati ng. : 
Righ t? 0 let liS hang on tn: 
your stuff this s,"unmer ami 
we'll give ou 10% o l'r yolll 
sto rage bill. Thank yo 
Class dismissed. 

I 
I i.~ I 
I I L ________________ __ _ .1 

Solana Beach 
477 Stevens Avenue 

7 55-75 15 

, -

1 , 



. , 

18 SPORTS 

POLO: Triton 
women take fourth 
Continued from paee 20 
lims of a slow start against SDSU -
at one point they were down, 9-3. 
Thanks to a comeback, they were 
down by a goal in the third. But that 
was all UCSD could muster. The Az-
tccsscored theonly goalofthefourth, 
accounting for the two-point spread. 

With the loss, the Tritons battled 
Davis, the loser of the other semifi-
nal game, for third place. Again, the 
Aggies came out on top, 4-2. 

At tournament end, Julie Swail 
was named a first team Ali-Ameri-
can, the third time she has received 
the honor. 

"Julie Swail is one of the finest 
players to ever play at the collegiate 
level," Harper said. " In my opinion, 
she's probably the person the U.S. 
National Team will rest its hopes on 
for the next three or four years." 

w. TENNIS: 
Slip in the finals 
Continued from pace 20 
stunning victory despite a lob strat-
egy employed by their adversaries. 

With the 3-0 cushion secure af-
ler doubles play, the Tritons were 
well-positioned for singles, need-
ing only to win two of six to take 
the whole match. They won three. 

Number-one Triton player 
Malephansakul entered her match 
on a hot streak. She ran her unde-
feated record to three with a lop-
sided, 6-1 , 6-3 bruising ofTrinty 's 
Laura Brady. 

Drage also conti nued her strong 
play with a nail-biting 6-4, 7-6, (7-
2) conquest of Vanessa Hill at the 
number-two singles slot. At that 
point, the win was secured, but 
Trinity made it close by winning 
the third, fourth and fifth slots. 

Third-ranked Hilary Somers 

The w 0 rid's I a r g est stu den t 
and youth travel organization. 

800-777-0112 ST/j STA TRAVEL 
UCSD 

The UCSD Guardian 

suffered a rare setback, losing to 
Suzanne Singleton, 6-4, 6-4. Mean-
while, Miki Kurokawa suffered her 
first loss of the tourney, falling to 
Jenny Brazier, 6-3, 6-3. 

Trinity 's final point came at the 
fifth spot, where Morgan Gesfford 
lost a heartbreaker to Chrissy Supak, 
3-6, 6-3, 7-5. To round out the win, 
Yumi Takemoto, the anchor of 
UCSD's lineup, axed Susie 
Klemmer, 7-5, 6-0. 

The win set up UCSD for the 
Finals where it faced number-two 
seed Kenyon College. Kenyon had 
captured their semifinal by ousting 
Washington and Lee, 5-4. 

Entering Friday's Championship 
game, all three oft he Trilon doubles 
combos had perfect 3-0 records in 
the tourney. The run ended against 
Kenyon , however, as two of 
laPlante's three duos fell. 

Drage-Kurokawa supplied the 
lone doubles victory, suppressing 
Tegan Tindall and Amy Rowland 

r--------, I Buy ani medium Ir large I I YDgurt. ~n. get B medium II 
: 'E.~~rgM~:.t" .. ·F H E E : Void Wlm any other I otlt,. Tooo" not .1 

If'IC&uOId. One coupon • I ~ I CUl'itoRMr, ___.-r--. t:> I 
Eqt. l/t5/15 

Sly ONE 
12-1Z. FlUb 
SII .... I. 
aGET ONE 
FREEl 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

I La Jolla CalnJ 7770 Reoents Road I 
I Ste. 108 in lhe Vans Shopping Center I 
1 ...... " ·9:30Su • .. Thurs . • 'HOFrI. &S,t. I 

We accept competitors' coupons l 

by a 8-4 tally. For the first time, the 
Malephansukal-Takemoto pa ir fal -
tered - at Ihe hands of Ali SI. 
Vincent and Kim Schultz, 8-2. 

Trinity 's second win came at 
the third doubles hole, where Lori 
Mannheimer and Jamie Griffith 

-. 

Monday, May 15, 1995 

overcame Gessford-Somers, 8-5. 
As a result of the doubles, the 

Tritons entered the singles matches 
with a little pressure--they would 
have to win four of six for Ihe 
Championship. UCSD fell just 
short, winning three of the six. 

PACK UP FOR SUMMER! 
LOW Cost Boxes and Packing Supplies --rJ~-tJ\-" "'-I 

Small Medlium Large ~' STUDENT~ 
Computer Book Dishpock ~~!t 

Tope .. .. .. and MUCH MORE I!!!!! '( \1 -r ~ 
CALL TODA.. Y ! 

ROSE CANYON 
SELF STORAGE 

483-2000 

SOLANA BEACH 
STORAGE 

755-5550 
4621 Moreno BIv<I. s.t5 st."..,. A_ 

M JCt tofl'rieeCIub otIYWa._VaII 
lbf'ing COlIJX'lf"lIO recieve your ~JaI'1 

TRANSPORTATION & PARKING SERVICES ~tUtCt1/ ~ I , 

FREE!!! STRANDED MOTORIST SERVICES 

• BATIERY JUMPS 
• FLAT TIRE INFLATION 

• LOCKOUT ASSISTANCE 
• A LIFT TO THE NEAREST STATION TO BUY GAS 

If you find yourself stranded in a UCSD parking lot (excluding lots at Coast, La 
Jolla del Sol and Mesa Apartments) and in need of one of our services (sorry, 
no auto repair or t ire changes), contact Police Dispatch through a YELLOW 
call box or dial 534-81 08. Dispatch will call a Compliance Officer to help you. 
Participating motorists must prove ownership and sign a waiver releasing thA 
University from any liabil ity in the event of damage to their vehicles. 

For service at the UCSD Medical Center at Hillcrest, call 294-3762. 

-tie lfbi ojt!J!JS 
gom.memtJl'tZalJe !i&~ ~ 
CZllf~ ydtattb71 ~Vte 

. " In commemoration of your past, and in 
celebTation of your fu ture, keepsake your 
graduation with a Commemorative Boule 
of UCSD premium wine celebTating the 
Class of 1995 . 

Our Premium UCSD 
Wine Offerings ; 

Cabemet SalWignon • Sauvignon Blanc 
1 Bonle = $25 • J Bottles = $60 

pi ... tax and slupping 
Quantities are limited - thi.! is a one·time offer! 
Both are California wine! (rom Mount Palomar Winery 

This wine has a specially designed UCSD label, 
thaI cannol be bougIu elsewhere , and il is being 
offered jll.Sllhis once, so teU your friends ! 

To Order 
CALL 

1 .. 800 .. 841 .. 2446 
We accept Visa I Masterc.rd and Cheek~. 

(Call above number (or address) 

Wine will be ohiJl(l<d in June 5 ci 1995. 
We cannot ship inttmationally. 

~~~ 
- - ...I Deadline to Order: 
OS/22/95 

Actual Label 50% Enlarged 

Monday, May 15, 1995 

-f. A.s. 
Hotbox 

SUN GOD FESTIVAL 
FRIDAY, MAY 19 

The B-I·G-G-E-S-T FESTIVAL of the year! 
Daytime Festival 11 :00 AM - 4:00 PM 
at the Sun God Lawn FOOD-GAMES-
SOUVENIRS-ENTERTAINMENT 
Evening Concert at the Warren Mall 
7:30 PM - 12:30 AM featuring 
THE PHARCYDE - 311 
B-SIDE PLAYERS - OVERSOUL 
DJGREYBOY 

JOIN IN THE FUN II 

AMNESTY INTERNAnONAL AT UCSD 
Come join us as we work to highlight the 
human rights of women. Our next general 
meeting is Wednesday, May 24, 6:30, Davis! 
Riverside room. 
We will be having a guest speaker. If you 
have questions , e-mail : amnesty-
intl@ucsd.edu or call Matt at 458-9094 

UNTED JEWISH OBSERVANCE 
Come listen to Rabbi Jeff give a class en-
titled: ' Understanding Jewish Guilt-. 
Tuesday, May 16, Berkeley room, 6:00 PM 
We really hope we'll see you there! 
Questions? Chai Point, 534-6244 

BLACK GRADUATION PARnCIPANTS 
Attention African American graduates!! The 
Black graduation committee needs your sur-
veys immeidatelyl You won't be counted as 
a participant in the ceremony if they are not 
received by Ashanti at TMC Dean's office. 
Due ASAP!! Call 534-4390 for more info. 

NUTRInON ASSESSMENT & COUNSEUNG 
Your Student Health Advocates want you to 
ask yourself if your cholesterol is too high or 
too Iowl Get your cholesterol screened for 
only $5 . Are you receiving adequate 
nutrtition from your meals? Come to Student 
Health for a FREE Nutrition Assessment. 
Weekly, Fridays & Thursdays from 1-3pm 
Student Health Services 
Questions? Call 534-2419. 

The UCSD Guardian 19 

The following are positions open for ap-
pointment. Deadline for" positions is May 
19, 4:00 PM. 

Academic Affairs Issue Coordinator 
Operations, Development Director 
Programming, Sponsorship Director 
Programming, Events Coordinator 
Public Relations, Editorial Services 
Public Relations, Events Manager 
UCSA Representative ** 
Posting Service (paid) 
Financial Controller (paid) ** 
Student Advocacy, Asst. Advocates 
Student Advocacy, Issue Coordinators 
Finance office, Income Mgr & Asst .. 
Finance Office assistant ** 
Representative to UCAB ** 
ASUCSD Closed Circuit TV Oversight ** 
Co-op Oversight Committee ** 

Call the A .S. at 534·44500r e-mail 
. asucsd@ucsd.edu if you have any ques-

tions. Applications are available in the A.S. 
Offices, 3rd floor, Price Center. 

KOREAN-AMERICAN CAMPUS MISSIONS 
Join us for a time of worship and fellowship 
in Christ. No Kool-aid. 
Tuesday, May 16, 6:30 PM, GH 1205 
For info, call Phil @ 587-0170 

WARREN COLLEGE STUDENT COUNCIL 
POSITIONS AVAILABLE 

Applications now available for 1995-96 
Warren College Student Council in SAC and 
Warren Dean's Office. 
Applications due by May 17 

SOLO SPECIAL AWARDS 
Student Organizations & Leadership Oppor-
tunities Awards & Satum Award Applications 
will be given out In the following categories: 
Outstanding Student Organization Award, 
Outstanding Student Organization Program 
Award, Saturn Award, Outstanding Commu-
nity Service Award, & Outstanding Schol-
arship Promotion Program. Awards will be 
announced at the May 18th Awards Ban-
quet. Applications are available now. 
Questions? Call Nikki at 534-0501 . 

CSA & CCC. ANNUAL 
BOAT CRUISE & SEMI-FORMAL 

Join Chinese Student Association and Chi· 
nese Culture Club 'Coronado Blue' 
Sail the San Diego Harbor on a 3-level 
cruiser with music provided by 3-style on 

2 decks, hors' deouvers, 
cocktails, and dance. 
Friday, May 20, 
10:00 PM-2:00 AM 
For info, Eddie Tsai 587-4936 
or Catherine 450-9850 

SEMI-FORMAL BALLROOM 
DANCE 

Ballroom Dance Club 
Wednesday, May 17, 
7:00 - 10:00 PM 
Fun, Fun, and More Fun. No 
date required, lessons @ 
7:10 PM 
FREEII 

SHABBAT SERVICE AND 
DINNER 

Come join us for a Shabbat 
dinner and service inthe 
International Center. Sign up 
at Chai Point, 3rd floor of 
Price Center, room 3.307. 
Friday, May 19 
6:30PM 

CROSS CULTUREL CENTER 
GRAND OPENING 

The Cross Cultural Center at UCSD invites 
you to attend our Grand Opening Dedica-
tion Reception to be held Friday, May 26 from 
2:00 - 4:00 PM at the Cross Cultural Center, 
Building 510 (old graphic arts/mail services 
building off of Russell and Lyman) Enjoy 
cultural entertainment, ethnic food and the 
company of staff, students, faculty and com-
munity members as we dedicate the UCSD's 
Cross Cultural Center. For more informa-
tion, call Yvonne Reid-Haimon at 534-8298. 

SOLO LEADERSHIP SEMINAR: 
INTERVIEWING' SKILLS 

Learn how to maximize your student lead-
ership skills in a job interview. Sell yourself 
and land the job of your dreams! 
Wednesday, May 24, 7:00 PM 
Gallery B 

UC REGENT PATENT LAWVER 
James W. McClain speaks about law careers 
and the patent law field. 
Thursday, May 18, 12 noon -1 :00 PM 
Gallery B 
Sponsored by Student Legal Services and 
GAVEL. 

PRE-MED CLUB 
Dr. Percy Russel from UCSD School of 

CAMPUS WIDE eo.. .. ITTEE POSITIONS 
There are many ways to become invoiv 
with Student Government, one is as 
undergraduate representative on campu 
wide committees. 

Registration Fee (apply by May .15) 
OASIS Advisory 
International House Advisory 
Career Services Advisory 
Program Review 
Transportation & Parking Advisory 
Security Advisory 
Student Regulations Revision 

Please come by the A.S. Offices, 3rd floor, 
Price Center for more information. 

A.S. Authorized Propaganda Is produced by the 
Associated Students, UCSO. Student Orgs may 
advertise by f~ling out the form located outside 
the A.S. Secretary's office on the 3rd floor of the 
Price Center or e-mail us (subject: Authorized 
Propaganda): asucsd@ucsd.edu. Submissions 
are due each Wednesday al noon for the next 
Monday's issue. 

PRIME-TIME 
Campus Crusade for Christ is a group of 
students interested in developing their rela-
tionship with God through prayer, the Bible, 
and fellowship with other Christians. 
Tuesday, May 16, 7:30 PM 
Santa Barbara/LA Room 
This week we will answer the question "Who 
Am I?'. We are welcome to all, so come 
check us out! 

Medicine wiH be discussing the key ingredients of a successful Medical School applicant, 
as well as offering tips to students about how to "sell' themselves to admission cmtes. 
Tuesday, May 16, 7:00 PM, Price Center Cove 

-

-



20 SPORTS 

~POHTS HHGE 
TEDD LADD 

Blundering 
Boobs at CBS 

You've heard about the 
"boob" controversy, right? 
You know, the big hubbub 
about that golf analyst Ben 
Wright on CBS, who might or 
might not have said that 
"lesbians in the sport hurt 
women's golf' and that 
"women are hanicapped [in 
golf] by having boobs~" 

But wait - before you get 
your underwear in a bind, 
before you go visit New York 
(site of the CBS sports 
building), toting several large 
protest signs - you must 
realize there are several things 
that are ridiculous about this 
whole situation. Let me give 
you my analysis of the Ben 
"can't be" Wright fiasco. 

First of all, Ben Wright is 
on CBS. CBS gave Bryant 
Gumbel his career. CBS gave 
up NFL football on Sunday 
afternoons. CBS has a show 
called "Dr. Quinn: Medicine 
Woman." CBS is the same 
network that hired Jimmy "the 
Greek" Snyder, a commentator 
who made racist remarks about 
blacks. CBS does not have 
"Baywatch." Need I say more. 

(Okay, one more. CBS used 
to be the home of Brent 
Musburger, a sportscaster who 
could, if needed, be replaced 
by a trained monkey.) 

SecOndly, Ben Wright has a 
bad Britisfl accent, much like 
Kevin Costner in Robin Hood. 
Only, I think he really is 
British. Or Irish. Or something 
like that. Anyway, I think the 
main reason people are so 
offended by his comments is 
because those kinds of crude 
remarks are rarely ever heard 
out of such a stuffy-sounding, 
articulate mouth as his. It's 
like John Gielgud using the 
term "crack pimp" in a 
Shakespearean play. 

Thirdly. Ben Wright is a golf 
analyst. Now, golf is a game in 
which guys in pastel outfits hit a 
tiny baU into a hole - aU in 
gorgeous, Hawaiian-like 
settings. Golf doesn't need 
analysts. Golf needs a wake-up 
call The only thing golf should 
be analyzed for is its salaries. 
They ride around in carts, for 
God'ssakc. 

Okay, I realize that none of 
my points addressed what Ben 
Wright actually said, but I 
think they are important, 
nonetheless. Besides, if 
"boobs" really hinder one's 
golf swing, as Wright argues, 
then how docs "Big" John 
Daly do it? 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, May 15, 1995 

USA COLLEGIATE WOMEN'S WATER POLO CHAMPIONSHIPS 

Davis Is Tritons' Demise 

Mark Patterson/Guatrllan 

H20: UCSD finishes fourth in the National 
tourney; Julie Swail named All-American 
By Dan Sweeney 
Senior Staff Writer 

Entering the 1995 Women 's 
Collegiate National Water Polo 
Championships at the Univer-

sity of Maryland, 
the UCSD 
Women's Water 
Polo had high 
hopes. The de-
fending national 
champions had 
compiled a 19-4 
record and boasted 

as strong a lineup as anyone in 
the tournament. 

It appeared that UCSD was 
primed to bring home yet an-
other champio.nship. 

"Because of what we 've 
done before, we expect to bring 
the crown home every year," 
UCSD Head Coach Denny 
Harper said. 

The team fell short of their 
expectations - finishing fourth 
- yet their achievements were 
still astounding. A fourth-place 
finish would be regarded as suc-
cessful for any team. 

The upset did not material-
ize, however, as Harper 's 
aquatic warriors dispatched the 
Wolverines, 12-3. Kelly 
Gilbreth came through with four 
goals to pace the Tritons. 

Next up in the pool was 
eighth-ranked University of 
Maryland, the host of the tour-
nament. UCSD proved to be a 
rude guest, stomping the home 
team, 12-2. Julie Swail and 
Shawna Caballero each added 
four goals to the Triton cause. 

Pool play continued on Sat-
urday, as top-ranked UC Davis 
squared off with the Tritons. As 
was the case earlier in the sea-
son, the Aggies managed to beat 
UCSD in a rough, 6-4 struggle. 

" It was a tight game all the 
way," Harper said of the con-
test. "We had a couple of tough 
breaks in the last minute." 

With the econd-place fin -
ish in Bracket A, Harper and 
crew went to the semifinals to 
face thewinnerofBracketB-
cross-town rival San Diego 
State, whom UCSD had beaten 
just weeks earlier. The Aztecs 
got the best of this meeting, 
however, stealing an 11-9 win:· 

Shannon Watman w .. part of UCSD'slopsidecl victories on Friday. 

The Tritons had a tough draw 
against Michigan on Friday 
morning. Seeded fifth, many 
picked the Wolverines to upset 
UCSD in this early game. 

The Tritons were the vic-
See POLO, Page 18 

NCAA DIVISION III WOMEN'S TENNIS CHAMPIONSHIPS 

A Heartbreaker: UCSD Falls in Finals 
MATCHED: The Triton women's tennis team advances past 
Luther, Gustavus and Trinity (TX), before slipping to Kenyon 
By Dan Sweeney 
Senior Staff Writer 

Almost any women's tennis team 
would be ecstatic to finish second in 
the NCAA Division III Nationals 
Championships held in Sweet Briar, 
VA. After all, the run-
ner-up is the second-
best team in the nation, 
better than some 300-
plus other tennis pro-
grams. Just making the 
tournament cut is an 
honor in itself. 

That is, unless 
you've already won 
four national titles in the last ten 
years, as has the UCSD women's 
tennis team. To Triton women's ten-
nis Head Coach Liz laPlante, any-
thing less than everything seems not 
enough. LaPlante's racketeers lost, 

5-4, in the finals to Kenyon College, 
making the second-place finish even 
more painful. 

"When you set goals so high and 
come up short, it's a little disap-
pointing," LaPlante said. 

The high point of the 
season had to be 
Thurday's 6-3 conquest 
of second-seeded Trin-
ity University (TX) in 
the semifinals. Earlier 
in the year, Trinity had 
gotten the best of the 
Tritons, but not this time 
around, thanks to nu-

merous miracle comebacks from 
LaPlante's doubles combos. At one 
point trailing in all three doubles 
matches, UCSD proved its mettle, 
storming back in all three contests. 

The top-ranked duo of Suzi Drage 

and· Miki Kurokawa 
continued its superb 
play in the tourney, 
notching its third win 
by knocking off Jenny 
Brazier and Chrissy 
Supak in a hotly con-
tested affair, 8-6. 

Julie Munsterman/ Guardian 

Michelle 
Malephansakul and 
Yumi Takemoto 
worked their magic at 
the number-two slot, 
edging Laura Brady 
and Suzanne Singleton 
in a tight match. 
Malephansakul and 
Takemoto fell behind, Number-ftve Morgan Gessford played well. 
5-2, but came back to win, 8-6. 

To continue the come-from-be-
hind motif, Morgan Gessford and 
Hilary Somers pulled out a dramatic 

victory in the final doubles slot, 9-8 
(10-8). 

Gessford-Somers pulled out the 
See W. TENNIS, Page 18 

________ .llgJl.] .. i;l·],~~ ________ _ 

Crew: TrllCk and Field: Sat.-Sun., May 20-21, at Pacific Coast Rowing 
Championships in Sacramento, CA, 7 a.m. 

Golf: 
Tues.-Fri., May 16-19, at NCAA Division 11/ National 

Championships in Terre Haute, IN 

The Triton 
tracksters 
tallied personal 
bests and 
fourth-place 
team finishes 
at CCAAs. 


