
• =4 "-1 =l','j: l:t,~ =-
Davia Law Students 
Honor Dr. 10 ... 
DAVIS - Last week, students 
at the UC Davis School Of 
Law celebrated the memory of 
Dr. Martin Luther King with 
films, discussions and a 
number of speakers. Follow-
ing a gospel choir perfor-
mance, Marion Wood, a friend 
of the late Dr. King, delivered 
the keynote address and 
participated in a panel 
discussion on civil rights. 
Woods attended Morehouse 
College with King and is the 
recipient of the NAACP Civil 
Rights Award for distin-
guished service. 

Chemical Source of 
Fum .. Discovered 
LIVERMORE - Chemists at 
Lawrence Livermore National 
Laboratory may have discov-
ered the cause of the fumes 
which were emitted from 
Gloria Ramirez 's body in a 
Riverside hospital last year. 
The fumes, which caused 
several hospital workers to 
become ill, may have been 
dimethyl sulfate (DMS04), a 
chemical warfare agent that is 
known to cause similar 
symptoms to those reported by 
the health-care workers. "It 
looked like a lot of what 
Riverside people had suffered 
was a direct lock with DMS04 
symptoms," said Livermore 
chemist Pat Grant. 

ASUCD Offe,. 10 
$500 Awards 
DA VIS - The Associated 
Students at UC Davis 
(ASUCD) have decided to 
award 10 students prizes of 
$500 each for dedication in 
serving the UC Davis campus 
and the surrounding commu-
nity. "The main idea was to 
give back to the students a 
little of what they put into 
ASUCD," said A.S. Vice 
President Melissa Diehl. The 
main criteria for the prizes will 
be past and present participa-
tion in community- and 
student-leadership activities, 
voluvteer work, internships 
and job experience. "I'm 
staying away from grades as a 
criteria, because so much 
money goes into grade-based 
scholarships every year," 
Diehl said. 

_I~I-~I'l=-

NFL 
OPINION: I there an 
NFL gene that helps men 
remember games? 

HIATUS: New play 
displaces stereotypes about 
Generation X. Hi 

apORTI: Men's basket-
ball beats Christian Heri-
tage by 86-78 

• 

, H · • u 

UC SAN DIEGO ' TIJURSDAY, JANUARY 26, 1995 

The Dedication of Eleanor Roosevelt College 

NO MORE 
Hillary Rodham-Clinton joins the UCSD 
community today to dedicate our youngest 
college after America's first (world citizen' 

T he world is growing ever smaller. In just the last decade, we have seen technological and economic changes which have removed any illusion that we are merely ~tizens of our 
country or isolated residents in our 
little comer of the globe. This new tMP'It~~ 
age requires an open mind and a 
new direction. It is for that purpose 
that Fifth College opened its doors 
in 1988. 

But it was over 50 years ago that 
Eleanor Roosevelt opened the door 
to this new world. John Kenneth 
Galbraith wrote that Mrs. 
Roosevelt showed, "more 
than any other person of her 
time, that an American could 
truly be a world citizen." 
Fifth College, in becoming 
Eleanor Roosevelt College, 
looks to the past to find a 
direction for the future. 

t%e world cannot be 
understood &om a 
single point of view." 

- EIunor Roosevelt 
Winston Churchill once 

wrote to Mrs. Roosevelt, "You have certainly left golden 
footprints behind you." In dedicating itself today, Eleanor 
Roosevelt College takes its first step toward filling 
those footsteps. 

- FNncI8CO DeVrI.., F ..... EdItor 

See Page F4 

c 5 D 

VOLUME 84, ISSUE 6 

1\vo Men Die as 
CHtTs Collapse 
On Beach at 
Torrey Pines 
SUDE: Two UCSD stUdents arrive 
on the scene and help dig out the 
only surviving victim 
By Marianne VIall 
News Editor 

A rock slide at Torrey Pines State Reserve killed two 
men and injured another Tuesday afternoon after recent 
rains loosened the sandstone cliffs above. 

David Shu lin, 35, of Woburn, MA, and Timothy 
Silcox, 33 of Santa Clara, CA, were found buried 
beneath boulders weighing up to ~ pounds. Merrell 
Davis, 52 of Mission Hills, was rushed to Scripps 
Hospital with a leg fracture. 

U. Charles Wright, a San Diego lifeguard, told the 
San Diego Union-Tribune that the rain softens the 
cliffs, which composed of loose materials and the heat 
of the sun creates cracks in the soil. 

Warren senior Lowell Johnson and Muir senior 
Yumiko Kitahori said they were walking on park trails 
north oftheshooting range at Torrey Pines Golf Course 
and arrived at the accident minutes after the cl iffs 
collapsed. 

"We were walking down the trail and a little boy 
came up to us and said there had been an accicdent," 
said Johnson. 

Johnson said that they hurried down the beach and 
found a pile of rocks below the cliffs. They begart to 
help several other people dig under the rocks as Kitahori 
ran for help, according to Johnson. 

"At first I saw just one guy with his legs crushed 
under the rocks," Johnson said. "Then I saw another 
man a few feet away completely buried. 

"His head was crushed flat and it was pressed flat 
against his chest. He had begun to tum blue. You could 
tell that his neck had been broken," he said. 

Meanwhile, Kitahori said she ran down the beach 
toward the ranger station to get assistance. "The first 
pePSOn I told didn't believe me. He just laughed at me 
and left. I was so upset. Some people just don't care," 
she said. 

Accroding to Kitahori, when she returned to tbe 
scene, she and another witness tried to comfort Davis 
who remained conscious throughout his painful ordeal. 

"He was really scared and shaking," Johnson said. 
"He was scared because the tide was coming up and he 
was trapped there." 

Johnson and Kitahori left before the third body was 
uncovered. "I just wanted to leave," Johnson said. "I 
didn't want to see anymore." 

UCSD Engineers Cal! Japanese Building Specs Sub-Standard 
QUAKE: Tour of Kobe 
reveals poor building 
practices damaged city 
By Christopher C. Holmes 
Guardian Reporter 

Two engineers from UCSD's 
Powell Structural Laboratories, the 
top earthquake-testing and design 
facility in the world, said in a press 
conference on Tuesday that it may 
take up to three years to restore the 
damaged transportation systems of 
Kobe, Japan, following last week's 
earthquake that has left over 5,000 

dead and more than 250,000 home-
less. 

Professor Nigel Priestley and Dr. 
Freider Seible, who is co-director of 
the Powell Laboratories, recently 
returned from a fact finding tour of 
the devestated Osaka Bay region. 

The experts cited faulty design 
standards as a key factor in many of 
the structural failures during and 
after the 7.2 temblor. Over seven 
miles of the Hanshin Expressway 
have been shut down due to struc-
tural insecurity. The Wangan Free-
way, completed less than a year ago, 

See KOBE, Page 8 



. 2 NEWS 

Kobe Quake _Hits 
Home With Students 
JAPAN: Exchange students share the difficulties 
their families have experienced 
By Iven Delventhel 
Senior Staff Writer 

Mother nature showed last week 
that it does not take long to bring a 
city to its knees. 

A 20-second, 7.2-magnitude 
earthquake struck Kobe, Japan, last 
Tuesday, killing 
more than 5,000 
people and burying 
the port city under 
the rubble of fallen 
buildings, collapsed 
highways and smol-
dering ruins. 

The quake was also felt in Osaka, 
Japan'ssecond largest city, which is 
located 15 miles east of Kobe; how-
ever, most of the damage was con-
fined to Kobe and its immediate 
surroundings. 

The Japanese government has 
fallen under intense 
crilicism for its in-
ability to effec-
tively respond to the 
disaster. Recently, 
in a nationally tele-
vised conference 
between govern-
ment officials and 
survivors of the 
quake, harsh words 
were directed to-

Takashi 
Kobanawa, a sec-
ond-year UCSD in-
ternational relations 
graduate student 
heard news of the 
quake four hours 
after it struck. 

ward the govern-
"H I. frustratilli men!. 

th Kobanawa, and 
that e a group of fellow 

"The first thing I 
did was try to call 
my parents who live 
in Kobe, but I 

.overnment did UCSD exchange 
not react students originally 

from the quake-
quickly and that stricken area, ex-
they are not pressed concern 

over the slow gov-
couldn't get 
through," said 
Kobanawa. workln. ernment response. 

Kobanawa spent 
three hours trying to 
reach his parents 
before he finally got 
word from relatives 

efficiently. " " It is frustrating 
-Yuki Mort. thatthegovernment 

did not react Exchange Student, 
Tokyo quickly and that 

in Tokyo who told 
him that his parents were safe. 

"Everything in the house fell 
from the shelves," Kobanawa said. 
"My parents had 10 use a saw 10 get 
out because a [fallen] shelf was 
blocking the door." 

Since the temblor, Kobanawa's 
parents have been staying in a hotel 
in Osaka, where they plan to stay for 
the next three months. 

"My parents liked Kobe very 
much before," said Kobanawa, "But 
the quake has definitely changed 
their mind." 

Initial estimates had placed the 
death toll at about 500, but that 
number has increased more than 1 0-
fold over the course of the week. As 
of Wednesday, 5,068 people were 
reportedly killed and 26,500 injured 
by the pre-dawn quake, . Sixty-nine 
people are still missing. 

It was not until a week after the 
quake that the Japanese Cabinet 
declared the quake-stricken area a 
disaster zone. The government has 
agreed to pa y for up to 90 percent of 
the costs for rebuilding public fa-
cilities such as railways, roads and 
schools. 

Kobe, which lies 280 miles west 
of Tokyo, is home to 1.4 million 
people, more than 250,000 of whom 
have been left homeless in the wake 
of the temblor. At least 56,000 build-
ings were damaged or destroyed. 

they are not work-
ing efficiently," 

said Yuki Morie, an exchange stu-
dent from Tokyo. 

"The rescue activities have been 
very slow," said Kobanawa. "Kobe 
was not well-prepared for a big earth-
quake." 

Rescue efforts were initially ham-
pered by harsh weather conditions 
and fear of aftershocks. At least one 
Japanese newspaper cited the lack 
of government communication and 
coordination during the early hours 
of the quake as another reason for 
the slow relief response. 

"The Japanese usually make de-
cisions by unanimous consent. In an 
emergency, we need to have a top-
down decision-making process to 
react quickly and effectively," said 
Kobanawa. 

Yayoi Yamada, a Japanese ex-
change student studying anthropol-
ogy at UCSD, has three cousins and 
several friends living in Kobe. She 
said she was terri fled when she heard 
the news of the quake. Fortunately, 
she said, her friends and relatives 
escaped unharmed. 

The exchange students said they 
feel that the quake has not been 
given adequate news coverage. 

"The news here hasn 't really fo-
cused on what is going on in Kobe, 
rather on how Japanese-Americans 
are being affected by the earth-
q'uake," said Morie. 

IIIr 1.CSO~IdIiIfIIdMllnlllrsInG ""*"Ni'C" aoIIII*,..brlnGforlN_ 
oIUCSD. ~ 01l1li ........ "''' fann. _ "'_ or In ~ wIIIIoutpermluion is 

1IIIdII'~. 0 19115. II ... _ . IIIr I.CSI) a.dIIn illIGI tttIIOIIIIIIe for IN IItIr!I 01 

The UCSD Guardian Thurlday, January 26,1995 

ETCETERA ... 
CALVIN a HOBBES by Bill Watterson 

10 AN. ARTI'; T. I'LL 
SP£.~i:. m rlj Ill).£' 

G'8<\":.\'J' l ION os 
I.!:*K, f<ffi\( 1 fool c;<:N£' 

BRIEFLY ••• 

WELl'~ 00\0\; J~':>T siT 
T\\ERt, M~'" G£.1 0\.), 
5llI-IE ~ A 1<.", A~~IC />,'I~!\3"J~~ 

r 'NOt1OCR \-\OW M"'''~ 
rOR1~E'; \\E"5 lET SUP 
'T\\~I\ illS FI1-IG(\<.5 . 

'Nil ~ Sl\OIll\) I 
11"''1£ TO WORK 
fOR tl/(~'11\1II'\G >, 
ITS l\\(E S~'(\N.<; 
[ 00\0\1 OtSl~t II, 

Siberian Throat Singers to Perform 
Three Siberian musicians will perfOffi1 throat sing-

ing, a style made famous by the nomadic people of the 
Russian/Mongolian region of Tuva, on Feb. 9 at 8 p.m. 
at the Mandeville Auditorium. 

Also known as khoomei, this technically demand-
ing form of singing has several styles. Each member of 
the trio has his own specialty and melodies, and the 
harmon,ies can vary with the whim of the singer. 

Kaigal-Ool Khovalyg, who was a Siberian cowboy 
before he became a singer, can sing three notes 
simultaneously and plays the two-stringed igil. 

Kangar-Ool Ondar plays the three-stringed toshbulur 
. and wears his hair in the traditional Tuvan style: head 

shaved in front with the hair in the back worn in a long 
braid. 

Anatoly Kuular plays the demir khomus (iron-jaw 
harp) and the four-stringed, bowed byzaanchy. 

Known for their storytelling, the Tuvan Singers 
speak of the loneliness of caravan drivers, express 
sorrow at the death of a friend and on a humorous 
note, compare a lovely woman to a racehorse. 

'The singers have been featured on the soundtrack 
of the film "Geronimo" and appeared in the 1994 Rose 
Parade. Tickets are $15 for general admission, $13 
for seniors and $11 for students. 

New Director of Latin-American 
Studle. Appointed 

Peter H. Smith, a professor of political science and 
the director of the Center for Iberian and Latin Ameri-
can Studies (CILAS) has been appointed as the direc-
tor of all Latin-American Studies programs at UCSO. 

Smith has been a professor at UCSO since 1987 
and the director of CILAS since 1989. He is also the 
holder of the Simon Bolivar Chair in Latin-American 
studies at UCSD. 

As the director of Latin-American Studies, Smith 
will provide leadership for the promotion, development 

and coordination of teaching, research and outreach 
activities on Latin America on campus. 

Smith said that one of his first efforts will be to 
establish a UCSO Advisory Council on Latin-American 
Studies, composed of distinguished experts and citi-
zens from various countries of the Western Hemi-
sphere. 

New Methods of Treatment For 
Glaucoma to Be Discussed 

New diagnostic methods for glaucoma will be 
discussed at a lecture entitled, "Seeing and Breathing 
with Glaucoma" on Feb. 15, at 4 p.m. at the Bishop's 
School, 7606 La Jolla Blvd. 

Robert N. Weinreb, the director of the Glaucoma 
Center at UCSO's Shiley Eye Center and professor and 
vice chair of the department of opthmology at the 
UCSD School of Medicine, will discuss both methods 
of diagnosing glaucoma as well as new treatments. 

Glaucoma is a disease common to people older 
than 50 which results in gradual and irreversible vision 
loss. 

The free lecture is part of a monthly series spon-
sored by UCSO's Stein Institute for Research on Aging 
(SIRA). SIRA is dedicated to increasing lifelong health 
and independence through research in cures and 
treatments for diseases related to aging. 

Professor to Speak on the 
Scientific Revolution 

Professor Peter Machamer from the department of 
History and Philosophy of Science at the University of 
Pittsburg will give a lecture entitled, "The Scientific 
Revolution, Modern Philosophy and Capitalism.· The 
talk is part of the Science Studies Program Colloquium 
Series and will be held on Jan. 30 in San Oiego Super 
Computer Center, room 408 at 4 p.m. 

ANNA VAllMAN, Opinion Editor 
FRANCISCO DEVRIES, Features Editor 

DAN KRAFT, Sports Editor 

I'IIOTOIIlAPMIIIS: Timothy Chen. Cathe~ne HIrota. Heidi MuZl1lk. Marl< 
Patterson 

TEDD LADD, Assocl.te Sports Editor 
JEFF NIESEL, Hiatus Editor 

YAIlOV ZOLOTOREY, Photo Editor 
CHUCK NGUYEN, Assocl.te Photo Editor 

DOMINIC LOB8IA, Graphics Editor 
JEFF LARSEN, Deslln Editor 

WARREN HO, Prodwtion MMl8fer 

TYPIIT: Christina Gurtman 
ADVIIITIIINCI AlllSTAIIT: Tara Eolf 
CltlCULAnON AIIIITANT: Pablo Man,uy, Ethan Mlrtlnez. David Rod&ers 

108 DeANDREA, Business MlIfI/JIflr 
MICHAn FOUW, Adwrtisint MIMI.,,,, 
MIKE MARTtNEZ, Adwrtisinl DflSif/!flf 

RITHYA TANe, CIlSslfied Represent.tl-.e 
IIIICIIdIed INMCIIpIs 01 M. TIlt _......., In fll'liCllI'Id 1IpCI"" 01 CiMii ... iIftS do 
l1li ---" __ IN __ 01 "" I.CSI) ~ .. UrMIII\J 01 CIHforIiI or tnt 
_ StucIeIU. "" LC50 ~ ~ MdlclIOIIty br __ ./tIIIy Is COl fI1IndI 

DOUG AlQANDER, Editor In Chief 
IIMONI MtWR, Copy Editor 

JONNA PALMER, Co-News Editor 
MARlANNI VIGIL, ~ Editor 

TOM IARKLIY, ASSOCiate News Editor 

lIMO" ITAI'F WltlTIIII: ~ren Chen,. Iwn Delyenthal, Brian K. Hutto, Erik 
Johnson~renn 
IT"", . Amlt AlI,avala. Nina BOOIIIton. Derek vln Hoften, B,ent 
Johnson. ROb Levinson. Ellz_th Mackenzie. Jeremey Malamed, Candice 
McFarland, Heather McRea, Jennlle, Nicoli, Meera PII , Oml( Rezac . Mary Beth 
5eOiack 

Editorial: 534-6580, News/Features: 534-5226. 
Opinion/Spans: 534-6582, Hiatus: 534-6583 

Business Office: 534-3466. Fax: 534-7691 

ILlUITIIATOItI: Michl C,oft. Nathan E,lIn. Mike lbay, Paull L". Rich Yumul 
DEI .. fllIIl: Metthew BllldWln, Brenna Latham, "18K R.tne, 

UCSD Guardian, 9500 Gilman Drive 0316, 
La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 

ActuollocoUon: S«ond Floor, UCSO Studtnt Centor &ulldine 'II' . Rm. 217 

Thunday, January 26,1995 The UCSD Guardian NEWS 3 

RIMAC Dedication Ceremony Draws Crowd of 600 
CEREMONY: Tesak 
urges students to fight for 
right to control facility 
terry Lew 
Guardian Reporter 

UCSD's long-awaited $32 million 
RecreatiOn/Intramural, Athletic Com-
plex(RIMAC)opened its doors to 600 
people Tuesday in a noontime cer-
emony featuring speeches, skydivers, 
music and refreshments. Originally 
scheduled to last until ) :30 p.m., the 
festivities were cut short by rain. 

Although the facility has been open 
for recreational use for the last two-
and-a-half weeks, the ceremony offi-
cially dedicated one of the largest sports 
facilities in the state. 

The ceremony began in the Price 
Center plaza at 11:15 a.m., with a 
performance by the Bomani Drum-
mers. The band Blacksmith Union be-
gan playing at RIMAC at 11 :30 a.m. 
and a procession led by the drummers 
reached RIMAC at noon. 

Skydivers from Skydiving Innova-
tion touched down on the field next to 
RIMACatI2:07 p.m.,just before Vice 
Chancellor of Undergraduate Affairs, 
Joseph Watson began his speech. 

"RIMACrepresents your dream and 
legacy - the fruit of your dreams and 
labors," Watson said. 

"RIMAe represents the best of what 
can be accomplished when students, 
faculty and staff have the confidence 
to set their sights high and work coop-
erativel y to achieve something special 
fo r the students of UCSD," he added. 

After his remarks, Watson intro-
duced Chancellor Richard Atkinson as 

someone "without whose support and 
assistance we could not have built 
RIMAC." . 

"It is really a great day for UCSD," 
said Atkinson. "There is no question in 
my mind that we have created a truly 
great university here at UC San Di-
ego." 

Atkinson contrasted the newly com-
pleted RIMAC facility with UCSD's 
athletic facilities 10 years ago, saying 
that they "did not match the athletic 
facilities of a good high school." 

He p6inted to t he construction over 
the last few years that has doubled the 
size of UCSD: a new engineering fa-
cility, biology laboratory and 
supercomputer center. 

Atkinson said that the 188,000-
square-foot RIMAC makes UCSDwell 
prepared to "move into the 21st cen-
tury. " 

Atkinson said that although most 
of the recent construction at UCSD 
has been for purely academic pursuits, 
he beHeves that a school's quality of 
life is at least as important as the qual-
ity of its academic programs. 

A.S. President Carla Tesak men-
tioned the controversies surrounding 
RlMAC, but said that students need to 
"leave that all behind and enjoy an 
amazing facility." 

Tesak said she hoped that RIMAC 
would help revive school spirit as well 
as show the UCSD community "what 
the students are made of." 

"We paid for this building," she 
said. "Let's take charge and fight for 
our right to control it and use it to 
maximize student life on this cam-
pus." 

The final speaker, Registration Fee 

Committee Chair Lisa Larroque, told 
the crowd that "RIMAC was built 
with our hard-earned money, and so 
my message today is to get our money's 
worth - to take breaks from the librar-
ies and the labs and the Pub and to 
come and play and sweal, to make our 
bodies as healthy as our minds." 

Larroque's committee supervises 
operations of RIMAC, as well as sev-
eral other students. She concluded her 
remarks by asking students to "come 
oul and take. advantage of all thai 
RIMAC, and what the rest of Ihe cam-
pus, has to offer." 

Although the response to RIMAC 
was generally enthusiastic, some stu-
dents expressed mixed feelings. "The 
weight room is okay," said student Ian 
Valecruz, "but I really feel bad aboul 
the arena. 

"It's sucha huge arena and they just 
use it for pick-up basketball. I feel like 
it 's a waste. It would be cool 10 have 
cool sports to rally behind," he added. 

However, Ethelyn Baldwin, a stu-
dent worker at RIMAC's customer 
service desk, said that RIMAC was a 
good investment. "People like it a lot. 
They come out of the weight room, 
and they're really happy," she said. 

"It's top-of-the-line equipment and 
they've been happy with the class-
rooms and the open rec. We've had a 
few complaints, because we've had 
some trouble with the bleachers, etc., 
but everyone's been pretty good about 
it," she added. 

RIMAC is open to all students with 
a current Winter Quarter enrollment 
sticker. Students who want to use the 
wieght room must first take a brief 
tour and sign a waiver. 

great scores ... 

Kaplan teaches 
to the test. We'll 
teach you proven 
skills and 
test-taking 
techniques that 
help you get a 
higher score. 

Class Updates .... Class Updates 
• CIIII ... -.rt1O! 

LatIlT .. fir IteW .. 
.l1li lilt IaT .. far .,111 great skill.· S ••• a..tar==::'.UII! 
Earall .. ! .... 11 ~! 

(BOO) KAP· TEST 
get a er score 

IA LAN 

Chuck Nguyen/ GuardIan 
The Bomanl Drummers lead a proceSSion from the Price 
Center to the RIMAC ceremony_ 



4 OPINION 

EDITORIALS 
Editorial Board 

DOUG ALEXANDER. Editor in Chief ' 
SIMONE MillER. (foP)' Editor 

ANNA VAISMAN. Opinion Editor 
1M UCSD GAJIftII .. I. publl_ twice • week It the U""rsity of C.lifomi • • 5 .. DI..,. Contents 

019115. v .... .. .".. __ In __ t .". mIIiority vote of the oditDrili _ . end ore not 
_utily tI10te 01 the UC _'" 01 R ..... tI. the ASUCSD. nor .". entire GAJ_." .. elf. 

'Contract with America' 
Crusades Against Culture 

If November's election results seemed depressing, the 
Republican's much-touted "Contract with America" only proves 
that, yes, things can get worse. When Newsweek characterized 
Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich as the 'Grinch who stole 
Christmas, ' it didn't know how accurate its portrayal would be. 
Gingrich has stolen more than just good holiday cheer, he has pro-
posed to axe quality arts, education and entertainment programs. 
The Republican leaders of the l04th congress have recently dis-
cussed discontinuing federal subsidies of the Corporation for Pub-
lic Broadcasting (CPB), National Endowment for the Arts (NEA) 
and the National Endowment for the Humanities (NEH). 

Last week, a House appropriations subcommittee held hear-
ings on whether to continue funding the Public Broadcasting Sys-
tem. Although the chairman of the committee, Louisiana Re-
publican Robert L. Livingston, said that, "The issue that brings 
us here ... isn ' t the merits or demerits of public broadcasting ... 
the issue is that over the last 25 years we have accumulated a,$5 
trillion debt," the hearings are a slap in the face to a network 
which has brought Americans quality television programing for 
over 25 years. 

However, it is no secret that the station has been a target for 
conservatives, who have lamented endlessly about its alleged 
liberal bias. Playing the populist, Gingrich - one of the harsh-
est critics of public broadcasting - has accused CPB of being 
"elitist" (Big Bird's smarmy, intelletual side must have gotten to 
him) and of "eating taxpayers' money." He has promised to cut 
all federal support. 

Gingrich claims that CPB could be successful if it were 
privatized. CPB President Richard W. Carlson disagrees, saying • 
that federal funds make the crucial difference between its failure 
and survival. And he's right. 

But Republican claims notwithstanding, eliminating the CPB, 
NEA and NEH will save very little money. Combined, these three 
programs receive only $630 million per year in federal funding ' 
- a tiny dent in the $1.5 trillion federal budget.lt's a bargin for 
what Americans get in return. 

It is ironic that a party which preaches "family values" is at-
tempting to kill programing which is largely geared toward chil-
dren and education. And it is disapp<Jinting that the Republican 
leadership sees no room for the arts and humanities in its "Con-
tract with America." Perhaps Twyla Tharp, a renowned chore-
ographer and reCipient of previous NEA funding, has best 
summed up the error of the conservatives' ways, "The disaster is 
the disrespect - this belief that the arts are dispensable, that 
they're not critical to a culture 's existence." 

California's Case of 
Mistaken Priority 

Since voters approved the new "three strikes" legislation last 
November, California has experienced a dramatic increase in 
prison spending. In fact, for the first time in the state's history, the 
budget for California's correctional system will equal that of 
California's universities - UC and CSU systems combined. 

Only 10 years ago, university spending outweighed correc-
tions spending by 150 percent. However, during the same period, 
California constructed 10 new prisons and only one CSU campus 
(no new UCcampuses). Since 1978, fees have increased over 500 
percent for UC students and over 800 percent for CSU students, 
making higher education increasingly out of reach for millions of 
Californians. Apparently, the state government has placed its 
priorities elsewhere. 

If the government continues on this destructive path, Califor-
nia will soon hold the dubious honor of housing more prisoners 
than college students. While we must punish serious criminals 
such as child molesters, rapists and murderers, the "three strikes" 
bill will ultimately bring our state to social and economic ruin. 
Our jails are already overcrowded, and we ~annot afford to 
continue "getting tough" on petty criminals, just because they 
have a third "strike" against them. . 

We need new strategies to deal with crime, strategies empha-
sizing prevention, not expensive, "quick-fix" measures which 
come at the expense of-higher education. Sadly, by taking money 
from one program and throwing it at another, the government is 
exacerbating both rather than solving either one. 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, January 26,1995 

PINION 
V51T TO UCSD 1 'FI~ 

~Ob\.WA-CLrNTON 
\ ~ 

~o~u (J~ I~rlf TIllS 
~EE ~CAUSE lltEY bONT 

UNt£~ ITS ~,~ 
lA£SSAGES~I~~ __ .... 

SAME 
AS My 

nUSeANb .•• 

THE MALE FOOTBALLUS 
AMERICANUS 

COMMENTARY: Most men seem to carry an 'NFL gene' which 
allows them to memorize details of every game they have ever seen 
By Jenny Und 
Staff Writer 

our home team, the San Francisco 4gers. 

Despite hours and hours spent watching the game 
since childhood, despite a lifetime of listening to men 
having heated debates on the subject, football con-
tinues to baffle me. My football education began with 
watching games with my dad. I don't remember what 

Unlike myself, guys in my generation, who also 
grew up watching football with dad, seemed to have 
retained an impressive calalog of rules and sports 
trivia. While I was tossing munchies, they were train-
ing rigorously for that lifetime male contest of "Who 
Can Correctly Recite the Most Obscure Yet Relevant 

Mom was doing when we were 
camped out in front of the TV, but 
Dad and I sat there game after game, 
weekend after weekend, season after 
season - shelling peanuts and see-
ing who could toss them the hig~est 
and still have them land in our 
mouths. During this education, I be-
came adept at peanut tossing, but 
none of the rules and statistics of foot-
ball seemed to sink in. 

Instead of learning rules and 
memorizing names and dates, I re-
member amusing myself during the 
games by throwing peanuts to the 
dog. Occasionally, I'd think to ask 
Dad what a "blitz" was, what "hold-
ing" entailed that made it so repre-
hensible, or why the teams kept play-
ing even though it was snowing. He 
replied with detailed explanations 
that I promptly forgot. 

I think I spent about eight seasons 
in front of the TV before I thought to 
ask Dad what a "down" was. (When 
it sank in, the game made slightly 
more sense.) For those 'first eight or 
so seasons, however, my conception 
of football was as follows: Two 
groups of guys face each other, and 
they each try to get the ball to the 
opposite end of the field. During this 
process, some TV announcers in suits 
h!lve long discussions. And during 
this process my Dad would exhibit 
astonishing depth of concern for the 

The 
stereotypical 
picture of a 
die-hard 
football fan Is 
one from a beer 
commercial. 
yet men who 
are not obvious 
football types 
stili display a 
mysterious 
ability to kick 
Into football 
mode at the 
slightest 
provocation. 

Statistic." The thing that baffles me 
is that, with all the diversity of guys 
in this country, most guys seem to 
have this "NFL gene" that gives them 
the ability to understand and remem-
ber everything there ever was about 
football . 

The stereotypical picture of a die-
hard football fan is one from a beer 
commercial. You know the type: big, 
hairy, drives a big truck, drinks Bud 
Light, paints his face in team colors 
and yowls at the TV cameras at 
games. We would expect that, despite 
his obvious IQ handicap, this fan has 
learned a great deal about football-
probably because he's been parked 
in front of the TV since age two. Yet, 
men who are not obvious football 
types still display a mysterious abil-
ity to kick into football mode at the 
slightest provocation. 

In high school, I played in jazz 
band with several guys who clearly 
did not fit the stereolype of the typi-
cal football fan. First, all they ever 
talked about was music. And second, 
their only relationship to football that 
I had ever observed was during 
marching band season, when they 
tried mightily to defend themselves 
against abusive defensive linemen 
who hooted at our sailor-suit uni-
forms. But these same people, whom 
I had previously only seen discuss-
ing Phrygian scales and dominant 

success or failure of teams in places like Pittsburgh, 
Green Bay or Miami, which I thought had no rel-
evance whatsoever to our lives in California. My Dad 
was a fan who developed a mysterious affinity for 
the Dallas Cowboys and the Pittsburgh Steelers dur-
ing the 19708 and later, a more logical espousal of 

sevenths, would stupefy me with a casual comment 
like "such-and-such cornerback hasn't done crap 
since he left the Dolphins." Statements like these 
impress me to no end. First and foremost, the per-
son actually recognizes a player. Second, he knows 

See FOOTBALL, Page6 

Thursday, January 26, 1995 The UCSD Guardian OPINION S 

COMMENTARY: Lowering standards in education to fill racial quotas is as silly as changing the 
rules of basketball to include short Asians 

ayPeterC .... 
Contributiflll Opinion Writer 

There is a racist conspiracy afoot 
- a conspiracy which the main-
stream press, which lives by the 
motto "If we don't cover it, it doesn't 
exist," systematically ignores. 

Racist members of the establish-
ment learned long ago that open 
expression of prejudice is unaccept-
able; they must now resort to strate-
gic implementation of policies to 
achieve their racist means. Institu-
tionalized racism is the method in 
which racist members of the estab-
lishment sustain a publ ic appear-
ance of racial neutrality and hide 
their private agenda to exclude cer-
tain minorities. By placing a pre-
mium on select skills, scores and 
qualifications in which a targeted 
group as a population is disadvan-
taged, the groundwork for a racist 
policy is laid, and accusat ions of 
racism can easily be deflected by 
pointing to the "objective" criteria 
they engineered. 

A curious aspect of this con-
spiracy is that African Americans 
joined their white oppressors in this 

A MODEST PROPOSAL 
venture - and many of the partici-
pants arefamous celebrities. Indeed, 
most of these Uncle Toms are house-
hold names: Charles Barkley, 
Patrick Ewing, MichaeIJordan. This 
racist conspiracy, of course, is the 
National Basketball Association 
(NBA). 

Whi Ie there are plenty of whites 
and blacks in the NBA, one has yet 
to see a Wong, Tam or Yamasuki on 
the court. This is obviously a ploy 
by powerful, racist basketball pro-
moters to exclude Asians from the 
game. Who set the baskets so high 
in basketball? Everyone knows that 
Asians are, as a populalion, short. 
By creating a game which places a 
premium on height, the conspira-
tors created a crackerjack procedure 
which systematically favors taller, 
larger players - and excludes 
Asians. 

Fortunately, wecan improve this 
situation by drawing on a model 
used in the academic world. Affir-
mative action makes an effort to 
racially normalize our univers'ty, 
ensuring that its ethnic makeup re-
flects California's population. There 

is no reason why this pursuit of 
racial justice cannot be mirrored in 
professional sports. Since Asians 
constitute about seven percent of 
California's population, NBA teams 
based in California should have at 
least seven percent of their team 
members be of Asian descent. 

"Hold on," detractors would say. 
"If one were to lower standards for 
the target minorities, what would 
happen to the integrity of the 
game?" Many raised similar ques-
tions when SAT and GPA require-
ments were lowered for targeted 
groups at UCSD. While most uni-
versity students are armed with a 
basic understanding of calculus, a 

majority of those struggling in the 
lowest math classes are affirma-
tive-action recruits. Solution: In-
vent new majors which do not re-
quire the kind of education orthink-
ing which is required of rich white 
kids. Hence, the genesis of the Af-
rican, Latino and Chicano Studies 
majors, fields of study whose only 
real requirement is the student's 
ability to castigate Western civili-
zation in essays and assignments. 
With such majors, many schools 
now enjoy a rise in the graduation 
rate of minorities, reassuring ev-
eryone of their commitment to ra-
cial justice. 

The unfair criteria in basketball 
is the height of the hoop. What 
basketball needs is four baskets on 
the court, two on each side. Simply 
admitting Asians to a team does not 
ensure fair representation on Ihe 
court, where they might still be 
excluded for lack of reach and 
height. Answer: the Asian basket 
-an adjustable-height basket situ-
ated about a foot below the regula-
tion basket. This way, ifslam-dunks 
and points scored by Asian players 

do not reflect seven percent of the 
team's total score, the stand can be 
lowered further to normalize the 
unfair advantage which taller races 
have. 

There w ill always be stodgy con-
servatives who bemoan the loss of 
standards in the game. Remember, 
"standards" is just a racist code word 
for exclusion. Justice is more im-
portant than any obscure sense of 
"quality." The game will naturally 
change with Ihis modest proposal, 
but for the better. Only a fair game is 
one worth supporting. 

It is reprehensible for us to stand 
idle while racists run an empire of 
exclusion. Our people shall not be 
silent. I call on my Asian brethren 
to boycott the game and all of its 
paraphernalia until this issue is re-
solved and our terms met. Don 't be 
like Mike. Stop drinking Gatorade. 
Don 't play NBAJams in the Price 
Center. With patience, we can starve 
this racist empire. In time, we shall 
sing with one voice the old Chinese 
spiritual, "Free at last, free at last, 
thank God Almighty we are free at 
last!" 

Attention all old and aspiring Opinion writers: 
Meeting Monday, Jan. 30 at 6:00 p.m. in the Guardian office. 

Be there, or suffer the wrath of the editor! 

SIGMA KAPPA 
Congratulates 

Our New Initiates 

Sara Klernzak 

Holly McAvoy 

Kati McCaule 
M istala MercH 

Melissa Murphy 

Wendy Myers 

Sonu Wasu 

Psi Class 

Hours: 

Monday. Friday 8< 
S .. urday-9arn·6pm 

Tuesday. Wednesday 8< 
Thursd.y-9.m-8pm 

For appointment call: 

457-3334 
8843 ViII. L2 Jolla Drive ' L2 Jolla Village Center 

INca, R..Iph & ... ) 

fiil:7 Family Planning Associates Medical Group 
"SINCE' .... 

ABORTION TO 2~ WEEKS 
(General 'or Local Anesthesia) 

Free Pregnancy Testing 
Earty Pregnancy Test 

(Immediate Test Results) 
Birth Control . 

Outpatient Female Sterilization 
LA MESA 

8881 Fletcher Pkwy, 
(619) 698-6601 

MISSION VIEJO 
26400 lA AIMneda 

(714) 346-2 .... 0 

NEWPORT BEACH 
4S01 Birch Sl 
(714) 851-1201 

·lnu.nce 
·HeIIIth~ 

.~ 
-VIse 

·M..a.c.rd 
• 0lIc0¥er 

Se HablII EIPII"oI 



6 OPINION The UCSD Guardian Thursday, January 26, 1995 

AN OPEN LETTER TO DR. JOSEPH WATS N 
Editor: 

I am proud to say that I will be 
graduating with a B.A. in English 
literature th is June. I am telling you 
this because I want you to know that 
I would not be graduating from this 
university, nor would I still be here 
had 1 not been a part of student 
affirmative-action programs. 

It disturbs me to know that you, 
the vice chancellor of student af-
fairs, can be quoted by the Guard-
ian as saying that Affirmative Ac-
tion programs have not been suc-
cessful ("The State of the Dream," 
Jan 17). 1 would appreciate it if you 
could clarify this statement. 

Obviously, programs such as 
OASIS, Summer Bridge, Student 
Affirmative-Action Committee 
(SAAC) and others will not be as 
successful as possible when re-
sources and adequate funding is 
not made available. If you do not 
believe that affirmative action is 
remedying the institutionalized rac-

FOOTBALL: 
Continued from paCe 4 
on which team the player used to 
play. Finally, he knows what a 
cornerback should be doing, and 
whether or not the player is doing 
it well now as opposed to before. 
How can men remember all this? 
Similarly, the ability to recite every 
player's alma mater on demand can 
only be explained by some hormone 
unique to males. 

Even though I lack the "NFL 
gene," I've learned how to get by in 
Football Land. Like anywhere else, 

ism and discrimination that has kept 
student, staff and faculty of color, 
as well as women and the disabled, 
from attaining higher education, 
then I would be very interested to 
know what programs and policies 
you plan to install to remedy the 
situation. I am eager to know of 
such plans, seeing that the student 
of color population, especially that 
of African Americans, Native 
Americans and Chicanos, has not 
increased significantly on this cam-
pus. You can send your response to 
the SAAC. I hope to hear from you 
soon. 

Aracell Garcia 

Religious Fanatics 
Have No Right to Kill 
Editor: 

Anna Vaisman 'sarticle("Homi-
cidalTendenciesandThe Fetal 'Cru-
sades, '" Jan. 9), is an example of an 
excessively controversial issue that 

if you learn the language of the na-
tives, it's much easier. Footballese 
basically consists of cliches, rules 
and statistics. Although I'm weak on 
the rules and weaker on stats, by 
throwing in the cliches I've learned, 
I manage to convince the Boys on 
the Sofa to allow me to stay in the 
room during a game. "Good speed," 
"Power football" and "Good/Bad 
'D'" (as in defense) work well. The 
most useful is, "You can't win with-
out a running game." If you're not 
sure what a running game is, it 
doesn't mailer. You could just say, 
"It's that old running game again" 

Readers 'Forum 
The Guardian welcomes letters and commen-
taries from its readers. All letters must be no 
longer than three pages. typed. double-spaced 
anIJ si,ned. Leiters should also contain a 
phone number. We reserve the right to edit 
for length and clarity. Letters may be drof)Oed 
off at the Guardian office on the seconIJ noor 
Of the 01(1 Student Center (right above tile Gen-
eral Store C<HIp) or sl'nt by mall. Send all let-
ters to: 

The Guardian 
Opinion Editor 

9500 Gilman Dr. 0316 
La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 

has gone too far. If people are will-
ing to use reckless violence to pro-

and the fans in the room would nod 
vigorously, understanding that your 
comment was a salient analysis. 

If you don ' t yet know enough 
cliches, or are worried about when 
to use them, there is another tech-
nique you can try. Talk about things 
that seem really silly, like how big 
the players' butts are, how muddy 
the quarterback is or what the people 
in the tailgate parties are eating. This 
is risky, however, because no one ex-
cept John Madden ever carries it off 
successfully. Even with these help-
ful hints, it 's easy to see why more 
women aren't interested in football. 

AN OPEN LETTER TO THE 
CAMPUS COMMUNITY REGARDING 

CALIFORNIA PROPOSITION 187 
From the UCSD Chicano/Latino Concilio 
(concerned faculty, staff, and students) 

T liE PASSAGE Of CAlIFORNIA PROPOSITION 187 OPENS ANOTHER DISGRACEFUl CHAPTER IN THE HISTORY 
01 CaIitomia. By manipulating anxieties generated by economic and sociocultural ChangeS occurring in 
California, supponers aI Propos~ion t 87 have created a climate of fear and mistrust that in the long term can 
onty have disastrous ell9cts on our communities. They have produced a situation in which goverMl8rll oIficials 
and extremists alike wilileelireeto violate the rigtts and jeopardize the well-being 01 not only undocumented 
immigrants Ill.( aI all people 01 Mexicanollatino ancestry. 

For those 01 us whose families have resided in this region since before ft became part 01 the United 
States, as well as those whOse parer1s and grandparents made the iourney north Irom Mexico and Latin 
America at some time dUfing the last century and a hall, Propos~ion 187 is particularly allensive. ~s 
implementation would perperuate the scapegoating and victimization 0/ disenfranchised groups, and engender 
a climate aI suspicion that will aII9ct all Latinos and other people 01 color. We are wrage<! thai the 
coroibutions 0/ Spanish·Sp8a1dng people to the development 01 this Slate are being ignored. We are 
especially angered by the fact lhallhe most VlAnerable segments of our community - children, the elderly, 
and the infirm - have been targeted specifically by proponents of Proposition 1 87. 

The mission althe University 01 California is to provide a quality education with equal access tor all 
perlOllS. We lherefofe call upon UCSO Chancellor Richard Atkinson to state publicly that the administration 01 
UCSD will not take any steps to anticipate and enforce the provisions of Propos~ion 187 before ~s 
constiIlAiooaIity is finally determined by state and federal courts. 

Furthermore, we, the UCSD ChicanoA..atino Cordio, demand that Chancellor Atkinson and the UCSO 
administration take the follOwing actions: 

mote their own moral or religious 
beliefs, then it's about time for the 
judicial system to step in and end 
this charade. Whether or not to al-
low mothers the right to choose or to 
give babies the right to life is not the 
issue now. These "religious fanat -
ics" have no right themselves to act 
up in terrorism and threaten inno-
cent workers. Something must be 
done, and soon. 

Jeffery Tsal 

A.S. Will Not Repeat 
Yoter Re. Mistakes 
Editor: 

As the victory '94 registration 
director for the College Republi-
cans, I regret the mistakes made by 
the Associated Student government 
on the scandal involving Jenny 
Craig. It is understandable that mis-
takes could be made concerning 
missing voter registration forms. The 
intention, however, was not pur-

There is virtually nothing for them 
to identify with or aspire to in the 
sport. Women in football are either 
bimbo cheerleaders or adoring wives 
of the players. A woman has one 
important role: to walk in front of 
the 1V during instant replays while 
her significant other jumps up from 
the Barcalounger and violently 
waves her aside. 

Women also provide entertain-
ment by asking stupid questions 
about football, which also allows 
men to feel superior to them for at 
least three hours of the week. Mom 
filled this role nicely. "What's the 

posely to misplace the forms for 
reasons of party affiliation. Jenny 
Craig has taken full responsibility 
for the mistake. 

The AS., College Republicans 
and College Democrats combined 
to register a record number of stu-
dents on campus. All organizations 
have signed a contract with the Reg-
istrar of Voters to ensure legality. 
Our goal was to mail them within 24 
hours so that a similar situation 
would not occur. 

The A.S. should continue to reg-
ister voters. Jenny Craig set up the 
A.S. Voter Registration Drive with 
good intentions, and neither she nor 
the A.S. should apologize. The AS. 
will learn from its mistake, and will 
not repeat it in the future. We are all 
here to help the students of UCSD to 
vote, and we will continue provid-
ing this service. 

Goon Pattanumotana 
Immediate Past Chair 

College Republicans 

score?" she'd ask, her eyes on some-
thing else, clearly uninterested in 
our answer. You could tell she'd 
answer "uh-huh" regardless of 
whether we said "458-2," or"21-7." 
She'd wander in just before half-
time and ask, "Is it intermission 
yet?" Dad and I would laugh mer-
rily at her ignorance, and she would 
shrug with a who-gives-a-hoQt 
smile. During a Chargers-Steelers 
game, she asked, "San Diego's in 
blue, right?" We confirmed this and 
she nodded in satisfaction. "Of 
course," she said. "San Diego's near 
the water. II makes sense." 

PARI'y ON!!! 

(1) Ullin .U ~ campus _.- 10 Inform proIp • clive UCSO .... nIa, 
their pe-. .nd -.-Ion that the unlvwalty' •• ppIIceIIon and enrollment 
procedu_ .. not ... chIngec1l1efore the 1eg81 eMII.IIIIHto Prapoaltlon 117 
...,. been d I Ii."". 2 BuckS Off Extra Large 4" Prints 

(2) DIrect tM ""' ...... ...,. ...... rtmente and unltllO __ t .. 1IIIy do not enforce 
Pnlpalltlon 117 ~. In pel1lculer, the UCSO Adm_10M Ind flegl8lnlr'. 
OfIIce, Police Depa~, and Medical Cent_ Ihould ... cIINCIed -.ttngly. 
".dllla 1lIIIy, the cMnc .Iar ... direct thew .... otIIer UCSD •• p .1n .. nt.not to 
_ ...... ___ .... t • _ eIfaI1a to anfDrce PT'IIjIMIIIon 117 prtnct.,.... 

(3) DIrect ............. afIIoe to '-'1MfII .... tmo •• tI .... III rapaI1ad lncIcIentIat 
UCSD!hIt vtoIIa the ___ ...... to lICIt tmpIIIMnt P,I F IIItIan 117. 

(4) .,..... .............. an actIft dlltogue with UCSD ChIctono,\Atlno .....-ntatlvet 
owganIlnlanr ...... ~ ... pa_ to PftIIIGeIIIon 117. W. wit na /anger 
toIanite the .. oMrwIIy'a ncIuaIon of CHoMct,\.atIno '-*Y,..." ............ 
"- the ..... Iap ......................... of poItcIM IIIIIt cIrectIy aIIect the 
ChIcanaILIIIIno --*J. 

The IIruggII CMi' the "*" 0/ CaIiIorniI COI'IIiRIn. To whM ..,.. wiIIlhiI __ continue to r~ 
opporIInty and hOpe? To whM ..... wII • beoomI • baIion 0/ ITIHII-Ipirtted poIiciet and rlCill poIiIiciInI? 
WI wge .. people 0/ good will to IpeIk ~ IIgIinII iIgIIIIIion IiIce Propolilloli t87. '" "*"**' 0/ the 
educIIioneI community, _exp-.1OIIWty wIIh ... ~ and edo,.iIIolbI who '- decIIred IhIio 
apjJOIIIoo. to PIopoIItion 187. WI will continue to 8II¥oc*e I demoI:rllic and IluinMllrlerlIOdII cortract tor 
0lIl". And we wiII_cIIo_ 0lIl eItor1I ..... PI~II ~ who .. 1IIIdng to IItIIe down whM 
we conIiIIer to be 11'1 mmorII and ~ 1Iw. 

~ ~ 

Comei.n& Check Outour great priceson FUJI Film! 
r-----------------------~ I With this (OIJpon rIKeive 52.00 off our regulor low piKe of hi' 
, dev810ping and printing Extra lmge 4' Color PrinB flom ~t i~.· '5 e I I your 35mm color JIIint film (C41 process), single Of double 'W I ! ' I 
I prints. Nol yolid with other off8ls, one coupon per COPY & TECHNOLOGY I 

customer. Off., leM ,,,, ,n. IS, ..,5. CENTER ! Fikn prG<essed by • FUJI TruColar Your On-campus Photo Store " 1.- _________________________ -_ 

Thur.day, January 26, 1995 The UCSD Guardian 

MAKE A JOYFUL NOISE 

Clayton Hili, ... Istant director of the UCSD Gospel Choir, I ... a pertorm.nce Wednesday nllM at 
RIMAC In honor of the Rev. Martin Luther KI,... 

Fall '95 Applicants Up Five Percent 
ENROLLMENT: 
Large freshman class 
resulted in on-campus 
housing overflow 
By Heather MeRea 
Staff Writer 

Freshman applications to the 
University of California are up by 
nearly five percent for Fall 1995. 
The number of applications have 
exceeded last year's record-break-
ing freshman class, which was the 
second largest freshman class in 
California history, by 1,886. In Fall 
1994, UC had 41,478 freshmen ap-
plicants; Fall 1995 has had 43,364 
so far. UCSD alone has received 
1,500 more applications this year 
than last. 

"The numbers are up in the UC, 
and I think part of that is the budget 
problems that the UC has had in the 
last three years have somewhat 
eased. I think what that does is that 
makes the public more comfortable, 
the students more comfortable, .. said 
Vice Chancellor for Enrollment 
Management/Registrar Richard 
Backer. 

The question which remains is 
how the increase in freshmen en-
rollment will affect UCSD this year 
and in 1995-96 school year. 

According to Backer, students 
have not expressed any concerns 
about getti ng classes. 

"We are trying to ensure that 
[overcrowding) does not occur. Part 

of the attraction of UCSD and the 
UC is the ability of students to get 
classes and to graduate within four 
years, if they so choose." 

Directorof Housing/Dining Ser-
vices Larry Barret said that the fresh-
men enrollment increase has had an 
impact on campus housing. 

"Freshmen enrollment increased 
after we had allotted continuing and 
transfer students," said Barret. 

"If we had realized that there 
would be a freshman increase, we 
would have adjusted for them," he 
added. 

Barret added that there is a meet-
ing scheduled between the five col-
leges in mid-February to discuss 
and finalized next year's housing 
allotment process to eliminate in-
conveniences. 

Some freshmen living on cam-
pus had to be overflowed from one 
college's housing to another. 

Eleanor Roosevelt College had 
to relocate 70 students to one of the 
other four colleges. Muir had to 
move 26 students, Thurgood 
Marshall four and Revelle one. 

Eight first-year students also had 
to move to the Mesa Apartments 
off-campus, but have since moved 
back to campus for the second quar-
ter. 

According to Backer, financial 
Aid is not expected to be affected by 
the enrollment increase. 

UCSD's representative to the 
University of California Students' 
Association Naomi Falk said that 

33 percent of student fees are used 
for financial aid. Therefore, a larger 
entering class boosts financial aid. 

However according to Falk, one 
problem is that over half of the stu-
dents at UCSD receive financial aid 
while only 33 percent of student's 
fees are going back into aid. 

The number of students from 
underrepresented ethnic groups in-
creased as well. This fall, 1,707 
underrepresented freshmen were 
enrolled as opposed to 1,39S in Fall 
1993. UC-wide, underrepresented 
student enrollment reached a high 
this year at 4,486. 

Many believe that the increase in 
underrepresented students is a re-
sult of affirmative action programs. 

"I think the programs that UCSD 
has are pretty good," added Falk. 

"We are still far from where we 
should be. I don't think the pro-
grams that are in existence today 
start early enough," she added. 

Despile a political debate among 
state legislators as well as the UC 
regents over the elimination of affir-
mative action programs,Director of 
Student Affirmative Action and Hu-
man Relations Program Dawn 
Valencia said she does not think that 
it would affect future increases in the 
ethnic diversity of UCSD students. 

"Although there is negative talk 
in California it is still bringing forth 
positive discussion and people are 
making the commitment to out-
reach and retain ethnic students," 
she said. 

GUARDIAN NEWS. GET YOUR FIx TwICE A WEEK, MONDAYS & THuRsDAYS. 

Su N SH IN E STORE 

HOURS: IOAM-2'M 

Shop early for your 
Superbowl snacks. 

NEWS 7 

•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 
• • 
: Ian DII.o Folk .erlta.8 Pr_ats : 
: Steve Gillette & Cindy Mangsen : 
• Slev!' Gi llcll("S guitar p layi ng has h"t'n • 
: COlli pared , 0 Doc Walson 's. lIis ollgs : 
• have b('c lI rccorded b Ganh Brooks, • 
• J ohn Dt' live r, Waylon J e nnings. and • 
• Kt·nu y Rogers. C;lIdy Mang~n h", lo ng • 
• been a favori te 01 fans ",ho favor , radi- • 
• lio nal Inaleria!. Ot'srribcd as having "a • 
: voiLe Ihat cuuld warm a cw England : 
• wi nler: Cindy should have no . ro uble • 
• warming us o n a cold San Diego nigh t. • 

: (uarel ~~~~t~~a~~ the J Frida.,": 
• '-~ Shiley pons Cen ter, aauary , • 
: .-.~:: 10820 N. Torrey Pines Rd. , .M 81 : 
• • 
• Bring this ad f or a $2 discount. Call4J640JO for inJormation . • 
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

INTERESTED IN A LEADERSHIP EXPERIENCE? 

Muir College 
FRESHMAN AND TRANSFER 

ORIENTATION LEADER 
Positions Arc Available 

• Obtain a job referral from Pan-TIme Employment, Career Services Building 
• Pick up an applkatlon from the Mult Academic Advising Office , H&SS 2126 
• Interviews and selection will Lake place during Winter Quaner 

DEADLINE FOR APPLICATIONS 
4:30PM 

FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1995 

BEACH BLANKET BINGO! 
Annette uses Guardian Classifieds to 

send personals to Frankie. 
Guardian Classifieds workl 

Every Monday & Thursday 

Plris 
Costa Riel 
HcwYork 
Washington D.C. 
DllIas 

$199* 
$169* 
$149* 
$179* 
$115* 

"f ..... actt ..... _ s.. Dilgoalol...."at.oaon 
• JaI'drIo p.JdwIc. T.a net iU.dEd nf r'I!Itri:tic:I' 1O>P\'.c.ib ___ _ 

Coundl Travel 
UCSD Price Center 
(_ ... tllllIaaIIRIIII) 

I~''''I 
451·0630 

HcMnM, T, Th, fto9-5nlW·l()'5. 
,---- - --- -Eurailpass~s 

creative cuts 
Creative gt!Je!; • Affcrdable Pr~ 

530-0590 
6780 Miramar Rd., 1108 • Behind Carl's r. 
~------,-------i-------~ I ALI. HAIRCU1'S I H It. I LSI JOI. WIM ..., ,,,,' 1'10 - ~: $19 I ' I I a--..,.., fa $11 I fl.UGHrCAP $35,,,,, 

_til I ~ $I 1 ' 
...... 3 .... I ~ 'Idltm $11 .... caca .... CIIIIa II • II 

· .............. 1 



8 NEWS 

'

THE 
PRINCETON 
REVIEW 

we score more 
E·mail: info@Rcvicw.com 

Study in 
SCANDANAVIA 

lit the Unil1ersity of eopenhllgen, nenmllrk 
University of Lund, Swede" 

tImfIBb the UC Ed"","" AIm.tl PnJ8"'''' 

• Learn a new language! • Earn UC Credits! 
• Take advantage of . 

available Scholarships 
and Financial Aid! 

• No Language 
Prerequisite 

• Programs include a 
Summer Intensive 
Language Course and a 
Fall Option 

Application January 27 1995 
Deadline ' 

For more informatIOn contact the Programs Abroad Ollice 
In the InternatIOnal Center. 543-1123 

The UCSD Guardian 

"**** The most romantic movie In yean." 
-Je" Craig. SIXTY SICOND ... mlW 

NVery Absorbing 
And Touching." 

~LJOII" 
SNlAIt ,.MEWS/LYONS DIN ItADtO 

BEFORE 
SUNRISE 

A Richard Linklater Film 

FREE 1 Pair COlored COntacts W.J. FRESH LOOKS PLO 10 -6.00 Brown Eyes 10 Blue. Green, Hanl 
With the purch.se or any contact lens package below 

Thunday, January 26, 1995 

DAMAGE: 
Japan could suffer 
further damage if 
specs not changed 
Continued from ..... 1 
suffered extensive damage as well, 
including the collapse of a section 
of its Rokko Island Bridge_ 

The railways were also hit hard 
as bottrthe Hankyu and bullet train 
lines have been rendered ~irtually 
unusable. "If their standards were 
similar to those enforced by Cal 
Trans, the level of damage could 
have been lessened," said Priestley. 

According to the report, Japa. 
nese design specs of the building 
examined are sub·standard, and Ja· 
pan may suffer similar disasters if 
engineering practices are not altered. 

"Tokyo is a disaster waiting to 
happen," said Priestley. 

Seible contrasted the damage in 
Kobe with the comparatively mod-
erate damage suffered during last 
year's Northridge·quake. 

"In fact, the ground forces were 
30 percent stronger during the 
Northridge quake than those experi· 
enced at Kobe," said Seible. 

"The Japanese approach with the 
idea of strength. This is fine if the 
quake is equal in force to the design 
specifications," said Priestley. 

" However, in this case, the quake 
was much larger than the designers 
had anticipated," he added. 

Priestley said that in the United 
States, particularly California, 
bridges and freeways are designed 
with ductile materials which allow 
structures to bend but not break. 

With this design, a certain 
amount of damage is expected in 
even light or moderate quakes. Japa· 
nese designers, however, intended 
for these structures to remain virtu· 
ally undamaged followinga seismic 
event. 

"The freeway columns railed due 
to lack of longitudinal and trans· 
verse support. The Japanese design 
their columns to be tremendously 
thick (the Hanshin columns are over 
10 feet wide). This makes them very 
rigid and lends to greater force act· 
ing on the base of the column," said 
Seible. 

Priestley pointed to the struc· 
tural failure of many of the Hanshin 
Expressway columns as evidence of 
Japan's faulty design methods. "Ter· 
mination of column re·inforcement 
occurred too close to the base. The 
columns snapped at precisely the 
same point where the re _inforcement 
ceases," he said. 

Both scientists added that their 
studies were strictly limited to the 
infrastuctural areas of Kobe. Seible 
said that the majority of the houses 
sufferi ng damage were designed be· 
fore existing specifications. 

Recycle the 
Ou_dlan, but only 

arteryou r .... 
every word, even 

SPOHTS JUIGE 
on ....... 

Thursday, January 26, 1995 The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 9 

mHlliE 
TEDDLADD 

Bud Bowl: 
It's About Us 

I really don't think the 
retirement of AI Toon - due 
to his numerous concussions 
- was all that sad. And the 
same goes for Merrill Hodge's 
career-ending injuries. 

Tritons Clip Hawks, 86-78 
I don't think that it's 

overwhelmingly sad that the 
Rams are leaving L.A., and 
that the Raiders will soon 
follow. And I'm not really that 
disheartened about the stormy 
relationship between Ken 
Norton, Jr. and his dad. 

I'm not overly atIected 
about the lack of scoring in the 
NFL or the pitiful display of 
officiating this year. 

Nay, I don't care about any 
of those negative NFL 
occurrences. 

In fact, the real reason I 
could give a rat's rectal region 
about the few "horrible events" 
that have transpired this NFL 
season is very simple. 

You see, something far 
worse has taken place this past 
year. Something very evil and 
- need I say it - surly. 

Yes, I'm talking about the 
imminent demise of something 
I hold near and dear to my tiny, 
black, beating heart: the Bud 
Bowl. 

The Bud Bowl used to have 
anair about itself. It had a 
quality that reeked of tradition, 
competition, nobility, honor 
and, well, beer. 

You rellllflber how it used 
to be. It was all about staying 
up late on Sunday night. The 
Niners had already put in their 
third-string water·boys. You 
begged your mom to stay up 
later, exclaiming, "Bud is 
trailing Bud Ught by a 
touchdown! I gotta see what 
happens! I just gotta!" 

And sure, your mom 
thought it was a bad influence 
on you - especially when she 
caught you drunk in the back 
of that cherry-red convertible 
with those girls of questionable 
integrity, and you had a cold 
Bud in one hand and a Bud 
Light in the other, and ... 

But I digress. 
The point is that the Bud 

Bowl used to be good, <;Iean 
fun. It used to mean some· 
thing. It was well scripted. It 
was all about cool puns and 
"ripping your label off' and 
gigantic 4O-ounce linebackers. 
But now, a new team of ad 
wizards has taken over the Bud 
Bowl crown - and they're 
clearly working on a limited 
budget. 

PWCKED: UCSD 
denies Heritage the 
lead for entire game 

By Tedd Ledd 
Associate Sports Editor 

Midway through the UCSD 
men's basketball game on Tuesday 
night, it was a scene from "The Wild 

Kingdom." 
In fact, with 

a guest appear· 
ance by the Fa· 
mous Chicken, 
a newly-
crowned Sun 
God mascot, 
some "~hman 
leap frog" at the 
half and a player 
named Redd 
Pepper, at times 

the actual game got lost in the 
shuffle. 

But when the festivities had 
ended and the RIMAC rowdies 
were done yelling, the Triton men's 
squad showed exactly who was king 
of the jungle, crushing Christian 
Heritage, 86-78. 

"We realize that we're not going 
to the [NCAA} tourney," UCSD 
Head Coach Greg Lanthier said. 
"But that doesn't mean we can', 
play with a purpose." 

The opening minutes were in· 
dicative of the newfound Triton di· 
rection. Center Matt Aune (23 
points, nine rebounds) strongly 
snagged the tip·off, and UCSD 
never looked back, racing out to an 
early 15-6 lead. 

Forward Mall Minehan (eight 
points) and Aune traded turns in the 
post for the Tritons, each with simi-
lar results against a porous interior 
Hawk defense. 

"[Minehan] is a strong, physical 
player. He's been doing a great job 
in the post position," Lanthier said. 

Minehan revealed this strength 
in full form, powering to the hoop 
at the 2:48 mark to put UCSD up 
by five. Aune then took his place 
with 11:59 on the clock, immedi-
ately executing a deadly inside spin-
shot to extend the Triton lead to 
seven, 19·12. 

The Famous Chicken made itself 
known with 8:51 left in the half, and 
at about the same time, the UCSD 
hoopsters' concentration began to 
wane. Christian Heritage slowly 
scraped back to a 25-19 deficit. 

Maybe it was the arrival of the 
Sun God mascot or maybe it was 
Todd Denetar's death-defying fly· 
ingjumper and foul, but the Tritons 

See BUD, Page 15 UCSD c __ Mett AlIne ........... ks for two 01 .. 23 points ...... t Christi .. Herttac. on T ... .uy. See M. HOOPS, Page 11 
• •••• -= •• '1'. =4 =4 ~'~UU"~l. ____ • 

W ..... • ........ ,: 
Fri., Jan. 21, vs. Occidental at RIMAC Main Arena, 6 p.m. 

M .. '.V ... ,....: 
Fri., Jan: 21, vs. Cal State Northridge at RIMAC, 2 p.m. 
Sat., Jan. 28, vs. UC Santa Barbara at RIMAC, 1 p.m. 

..... ' ......... : 
Fri., Jan. 21, vs. UC Santa Cruz at RIMAC Main Arena, 8 p.m. 

.wlm....., .... DIYtItC: 
Sat., Jan. 28, VS. Claremont and UCD at Canyonview, noon 

________ .I"(;JI.l;(:iilt];~t:::II. _______ _ 

W.IIoop8: 
The Triton 
women roll 
over the 
visiting Hawks, 
84-38, to get a 
much-needed 
win and break 
a lOSing streak. 

M. Vol",..,.: 
The UCSD men 
jump to a two-
set lead, but 
can not hang 
on against 
Princeton, 
falling in five 
sets. 



10 SPORTS 

/ X-RAYS (bitewing) 
• COSMETIC &: FAMILV DENTISTRV &: ORALSURGERV 
• We're open evenings and weekends! 
• Our prices are unbelievably affordable! 
• Prompt and gentle care in a beautiful private offi ce! 
• Straighten teeth without braces 
• Special introductory offer- $150 teeth whitening (per arch) 
• 24 Hour Emergency Avai lable! 
• Plenty of free parking! 

CAll US FOR 
AN APPOINTMENT 

622-1007 
8650 Genesee Ave., Suite 312 

We accept mO$t in$urance plans and mO$t major credit cards 

,. A H£AO S1'AR1' 
GE YOUR C.AREER O~ \~ 1'HE 

EN1'£R1'A\~M~N1' 
. \ N 00 S1' R1 • 

GENERAL INFO NIGHT 
THURSDAY, JANUARY 26,7-8:30 P.M. 

PRICE CENTER, GALLERY B 
GUEST SPBAKEllS: 
SA.~ DIEGO FILM COMMI SSIONEIl WALLY SCHLOTIER (1'IlODUcnON I NTER.~ '74) 

UCSD GlADUATE CAROLYN MM1E PANG (PUBLIC RELATIONS I NTERN '92 ) 
UCSD STUDENT T ASHA OLDHAM (DIIlECI'ING ()(fERN '94) 

FOR ,",ORE INFORMATION, CONTACT AS INTERNSHIP OFFICE 
SJ4-4689.1NP FLOOR PRICE (ENTER 

• Embroidery 
• Parent Gifts 

\, • Lettered Shirts 
<. 

~ drive dlt the way to SDSU7 
Take: 5 SOUth to ~. WO/fd Drive and exit. Tum left at the 

signal.:tum ght at .Mora Blvd .. follow the signs to 
Linda.V:. Rd. , MIl right into shopping center. 

;(::utPU~ CONNECTION 
5197 .... VISTA RD.· 293-0990 

c;,r;up orders are welcomel 

Cuenca ;" 

ECUADOR 
Summer, Semester, 
& Year Programs 
~N ACADUUC CREDIT 

~F R NeE 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, January 26, 1995 

YaI<oY Zoiotorev/ GUMI1ian 
Tlanna Men.,. (26) w .. on. of many Tritons who came off the bench to .et valuable experience. 

·Tritons Fly By Hawks 
TROUNCING: UCSD women's squad earned a much-needed victory over 
Christian Heritage College's hapless Hawks on Tuesday night, 84-3& 
By Dan Kraft 
Sports Editor 

After suffering through a tough 
three-game slide, the UCSD 
women 's basketball team (10-5) 

BR~KET 
~-'» .... ~ 
BALL 

desperately 
needed a big 
win to reverse 
its fortunes. 

The Tritons 
can ill -afford 
any more losses 
if they hope to 
maintain their 
chances of 
reaching the 
post-season 
tournament, 

and so every game from here on out 
takes on extreme significance. 

On Tuesday night, Christian 
Heritage (1 -13) rolled into the 
RIMAC arena and offered the Tri-
tons every opportunity to gel their 
confidence - and their offense -
back on track. 

UCSD slammed Christian Heri-
tage by a score of 84-38, pouring 
on the jets in the first half and 
spreading Ihe playing time around 
the whole bench during the second 
stanza. 

"This was a good game to boost 
our confidence," Head Coach Judy 
Malone said, "and I think we ac-
complished that." 

The Tritons' offense, which has 
been struggling lately, once again hit 
its stride as all but one of the UCSD 
hoopsters put points on the board. 
The well-balanced attack was led by 
senior guard Michelle Henricks, 
who racked up 10 points in the con-

the field. Hot on her heels was fel-
low senior Tami Oviatt, who tallied 
nine poinls and seven rebounds in 
the dominating victory. 

One of the keys for the Tritons 
was containing Jennie Griffin, 
Christian Heritage'S tallest player, 
and the leading rebounder in the 
nation, averaging 18 a game. UCSD 
was quite satisfied at game's end to 
have held Griffin to only 11 re-

bounds in the contest. 
The lopsided triumph made it 

difficult for the Triton gurus of 
coaching to draw anything from the 
matchup, but they did their absolute 
best by attacking Christian Heritage 
with their aggressive pressure de-
fense. 

"We worked on our pressure de-
fense both half court and full," 

See W. HOOPS, Page 11 

test on five of eight shooting from .... c.ntInI Md the Trftofte filii .. ., ..... ChIIItI8n HerIbCe. 

Thursday, January 26, 1995 The UCSD Guardian 

same for the Tritons. 
Feisty freshman Jason 
Barnes got the score-fest 
rolling, feeding Aune 
down low to put the 
game total at 46-36. 

'" wish everyone on 
worked as hard as 
[Barnes]," Lanthier said. 

After both teams ex-
changed points, flashy 
forward Kahlil Allen (16 
points) made his pres-
ence known. In his de-
but after coming off dis-
ciplinary suspension, 
Allen hit a lofty two-foot 
bank shot to give the Tri-
tons a 56-44 lead with 
9:43 on the clock. 

Some solid bench in-
put from freshman Mark 
Sebek (2-5 from three-
point land) made sure 
UCSD held the advan-
tage - a lead that at one 
point was up to a 17-
point margin. 

A spectacular 

YrIMN ZoIOtorffll/GmIIrIltIII 
Todel Benetai' chipped In six points and two ..... t. on Tuesday. 

breakaway dunk by 
Allen sealed the Triton 
win at the 11:40 mark. It 
was all downhill after 
that for the Hawks, as 
even Aune dunked twice 
in the waning minutes of 
the game. 

And when the game 

M.HOOPS: 
UCSD tops Heritage 
ContInued from .,..e 9 
overcame their scoring lapse, going 
on a nifty 6-2 run with 3:08 left. 

Aune then marched through the 
Hawk lines with ease, scoring over 

outstretched foes three consecutive 
times. After a pretty pull-up jumper 
by Jason Jones (10 points), UCSD 
rode into halftime with a 44-36 lead. 

"We've been playing a lot better 
lately," Lanthier said. "We over-
came a miserable shooting night to 
get the win." 

The second half was more of the 

was over and UCSD (8-
11) had a 86-78 victory under its 
belt, Christian Heritage (4-15) still 
had never held a lead in all 40 min-
utes of play. 

"A win is a win," Lanthier said. 
"This year, it's going to be a race to 
[a] five-hundred [record]. But, althe 
same time, we're building a foun-
dation for the future." 

Sarah Schneider looks to feed the bill Inside a,.lnst Christian Herlt.,. on Tuesday nllM· 

W.HOOPS: 
Triton Demolition 
Continued from .,..e 10 
Malone said. "We won big, but our 
defense also made them look pretty 
bad." 

The gaping 60-18 margin that the 
Tritons were enjoying midway 
through the third quarter enabled the 
coaching staff to go to the bench 
early, inserting many of the back-
ups within the first few minutes of 

the second half. 
"We got a chance for the back-

up kids to really get into the flow of 
a game," Malone said. 

Among the subs who made the 
most of their time on the court were 
Anne Westmoreland, who,with cal-
culating efficiency, sank eight 
points in 12 minutes of action, and 
Krista Poehler who also tallied eight 
points. 

Although the demolition of 
Christian Heritage wun't a great 
test for the Tritons, it wu a much-

needed, confidence-building vic-
tory. UCSD now looks ahead to 
tougher competition which will be 
offered by Occidental College on 
Friday night. 

The Tigers will roar into the 
RIMAC arena for spirit night and 
the Tritons will once again be in 
desperate need of a win. 

"Occidental will be a much bet-
ter test," Malone said. "They are not 
u good u Cal Lutheran [who beat 
us lut week), but they will be a 
tough test." 

SPORTS 11 • 

HUNGARY 
for an 

Experience Abroad? 
Study Fall Qparter/Tear in Budapest through the 

UC Education Abroad Program. 
Includes a rural society and folklore field 

experience in western 
Hungary 

• Earn U C Credi t 
• Scholarships and 

Financial Aid 
Available! 

-+-

Application January 27 1995 
Deadline ' 

For more information contact the Programs Abroad OffIce 
in the InternalIonal Center. 543·1123 

.. . 
- .. b 

R telecommunications giant 
"that talks to all the right people" 

, 
• 
• 

Northern Telecom and UN R are world leade rs in the design and 
development of advanced telecommunica tions systems. 

We're looki ng for talented new grads and C!HlpS fo r locations through-
out the U.S. If you're an EE. CS, CPE, RF Engineering, Marketing or 

Finance major, interested in exploring a n opportunity with us, fax your 
resume to 1-800-546-8092, Attn: ENCA. 

....... naftho,., 
• .,., telOcom BNR41 

The reMarch subsidiary 
of Northern Telecom 



12 a..ASSIFJEDS 

\ \ \« H \. : L , I L \ T~ 
CASH FOR COlLEGE. 900,000 
GRANTS AVAILABLE. NO 
REPAYMENTS, EVER. QUALIFY 
IMMEDIATELY. 1-800-243-2435. 
(119-1/26) 
European gentleman, seeks female 
student for companionship. Serious 
only. Please leave message, 999-
4104. (1/9-312) 
Come to the Fifth Annual Tri Delta 
Benefit Auction January 25, 11 a.m. 
to 2pm, PC Plaza proceeds to 
Children'S Hospital. (1/9-1/26) 
Muir Senior's Audition to be the 
Graduation speaker. Sign-up by 2/ 
6/95 at the Muir Dean's office (534-
3587 or HSS 2126). (1/23-2/2) 
Start a Home-Based Business to 
secure your economic Mure. Easy 
to do, success guaranteed. Are you 
ready? 1-800-735-4865 (12/1-2/9) 
Seeking people (men or women) 
interested in cruising Southern 
California during weekendS/breaks 
on my 47' motorsailor. Willteach 
sailing in exchange for your 
assistance as crew. You just need 

. ' time and an adventurous spirit. 
Contact Mike at 296-3330. (1/26-21 
6) 

THANKS to 
the cooperation of these 

businesses, you can still rip 
out your favorite Guardian 
coupon at any of these off-
campus distribution sites .•. 

••••••••• 
GIlman DriIIe Info BooIh 
Communications Bldg. 
Torrey Pines Center 
No. T.P. Info Booth 
Sc:ripps Library 
Sc:ripps Snack Bar 
Neuremberg Hall, SIO 

St. Germain's 
Cal Copy 
BJ's Pizzeria 
Kinko's 
Ralphs 
Vons 
Polar's Yogurt 
Western Bagel 
Big Bear 
Soup Exchange 
Subway 
Zebra Copy 
M Wagro Bean 
Koala Yogurt 
Taco Bell 
News Etc. 
Beans 

Subway 
Roberto's 

Jeffs Burgers 
Neighbor Savar 
No. Shore Cafe 

Swensen's 
Soup Exchange 
Porkyland 
Vans 
La Jolla Brewing Co. 
La Jolla Public Ubrary .....t\ 
Pannini _~~ 
Bernini's ~- ~~ 
Zanzibar ~ 
Pannikin 
7-11 (La Jolla Blvd.) 
Lucky's 
Haagen Das 
Zanzibar 
Cafe Crema 
Boney's 
Vans 
Soup Exchang. 
Dragon House 
Ben & Jerry's 
Vons 
Sport Mart 
Lucky's 
RoberII 
Rice King 
Sub Stop 
Roberto. 

Baltimore Bagel 
Red RobIn 

Pannikin 

The Study 
Expressa Aoma 
Blue Door Bookstore 
Oavid'. P1ac:e 
Euphoria 
UCSD Med Ctr. 

Are you Intere.ted In Informally 
discussing Ayn R.nd's 
philoaophy-Objectlvlsm? Contact 
Scott, 483-6185. (1123-1130) 
Muir Seml-Formal Saturday, Feb. 
4th, 9pm-12:3Oam. Hyatt Islandia 
Hotel. Tlx at MOM. $11 before 1/29, 
$16 after. (1/23-212) 
Fun, energetic & outgoing people 
wanted as orientation leaders. 
Apply Revelle Dean 's Office. 
Deadline 1/27/95. (1 /19-1/26) 
The 1995 EAP Application Deadline 
is this Friday, January 27. For more 
information, contact the Programs 
Abroad Office at 534-1123. (1 /23-
1/26) 
Dr ••• for Succ ... Lunch.on 
sponsored by Alpha Kappa Psi, Co-
Ed Profess ional Business 
Fraternity. Personal shoppers from 
a major department store will show 
men and women how to make the 
most out of the ir professional 
wardrobe. Price Center Cove, this 
Saturday, January 28, 11 :30 a.m. 
Admission is free to the public. 

Free "Billy Madison" movie posters 
at Guardian Classified Ad Self-
Service Desk.-Rm 217 (Stu Clr "A") 
Above the General Store. (1 /26) 

OWN BEDROOM & BATH! Del Mar. 
Huge balcony, sunny, safe, quiet, 
parking, pool, hot-tub, $440 + 1/3 
util. Female pref. call 793-0249. 
(1/19-1/30) 
Female roommate wanted to share 
playmore townhome. own room, 
laundry, ctose to campus. $360 
rent, 1/3 util~ies. can Judy 457-
543.1 . (1/17-1/30) 
Female roomate wanted ASAP. 
OWN bedroom, bathroom! New, 
safe apartment, near campus. 
Includes pool, jacuzzi, hea/thclub. 
NQ pets, must be nut. $465 + 1/2 
utilities. Call Sadiaat 31 0-824-0080. 
(1/23-1130) 
Room available immediately for M/ 
F student (preferred) in 3BR 1 1/2 
BA townhouse near UTC, Vons, + 
bus lines. S35S/mo. + 1/3 utilties w/ 
use of washer + dryer. Share w/2 
UCSD students + cat. Call 622-
1899! (1 /17-1/26) 
Room w/ private bath for rent in a 
single family house. Mustbefemale, 
non-smoker. $500.00 a month. 484-
5551 . (1 /26-1/30) 
Roomates wanted: Close to UCSD. 
Two rooms available in spacious 
condo. $3.75 t $300 - includes 
utilities. Respons ible, friendly 
people wanted. 550-9954 Call Lena. 
(1/23-1/30) 
MASTER BEDROOM FOR RENT 
INDELMARTOWNHOUSE. Plenty 
of room two to share. Double sinks, 
walk-in closet, separate bath, 
garage space, washer/dryer, te~n is 

DRESS FOR 
SUCCESS! 
Soles Associates from a major 
deparlment store at UTC are 

speaking 10 all students. 
11 :30 on Saturday, 

January 28th. 
Come to the Cove in the Price 

Center and lind out about: 
• How 10 ... "..1IionoIy 
• DNlIing for crMerent 
....... 

• CoorcInating outfits 
• 1M ..... fathion trend. 
.1M appl'ClpriaM office 

otIire for cM.rent work 
III'tnumenb 

• All of thil '"" if you .... 
onalMldgetl 

Spcnaored by ~Ipho Koppe P,i Coed 
proleuionol Bu,ines. F,altfniry 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, January 26, 1995 

CLASSIFIEDS 
ClIlssified advertising is sold in 20-word increments. The rate per 20 wonts- is $2 for 
students (for personilJ use only), $3 for faculty and Sttlff, and $4 for others. Payment in 
advance is required; therefore, a4§ must be mailed with a check (made payable to The 
UCSD Guardian) or presented in person. Deadlines are 3 p.rn. 'J1uqsday for Monday's 
issue, and3 p.rn. Mondily for Thursday's issue. The Guardian reserves' the right to refuse 
any advertising including but not limited to companionship ads, For more infonnaiion 
call534-5416. Mailingaddress: UCSD Guardian,Attn: ClIlssijieds, 9500GilmanDrive, 
0316, La Jolkl, CA 92093-{)316. Actual address: Student Center A, top floor. 

courts , pool , jacuzzi, and more! 
Non-smoker. Double 5300 each. 
Single $550.- Jen 259-9941 . (1 / 
26-2/6) 

Roomatewanted~ : own room, 
share bathroom in 3 bd, 1 1/2 ba. 
condo near UTC, Vons & bus lines. 
$338/mo t 1/2 utilit ies WID 
included. Call45~6860, 587-8890. 
(1/26-1/30) 
Roommate wanted. La Jolla Del 
Sol Condo available immediately. 
Master bedroom in 2 BedI2 Bath. 
$430.oo/mo+ 1/2 utilities. Washer 
& dryer, pool, tennis courts, spa, 
very nice. Male or Female. Call 
597-0691. (1/26) 
La Jolla. Roommate wanted ASAP. 
M/F. 1 Irg. bedroom available in 
spacious 3br. condlo near campus. 
Rent. 5305 Dep. $240 453-7929 
Room for rent. $2501mo. 5min. from 
campus. Mira Mesa West, 4 bdrm, 
21/2 bath house. Includes furniture, 
laundry, & kitchen facilities. Female 
non-smoker. Call Wendy *578-
8683. (1123-1130) 

. U.C.S.D. graduate student needed 
to share a two bedroom apartment 
in MESA (male or female) clean, 
quiet, and considerate. Available 
February 1st rent $268.50 utilities 
inctuded. Susan 27()'3041. (1/12-
1130) 
Female roommate; prefer medical 
or graduate student to share 
gorgeous, immaculate 2Bd, 1 1/2 
Ba. La Jolla condo 1/4 mile from 
campus. Non-smoker, tidy, mature 
person preferred. $55O/month plus 
1/2 utilities includes: Attached 
garage, washer/dryer, maid 
service, fireplace. 450-0408. (1/23-
1/30) 
Own room in cool apartment 1 1/2 
blocks from beach in Pacific Beach. 
Male or Female. $290/month + 1/3 
util. t dep. -Dave 273-9696. (1 /23-
1/30)' 
OWN YOUR OWN HOME UCSD 
Staff and Student DISCOUNTS. 
Great financing. Near UCSD. 1,2 
brs$12O,OOO's+&3brs$150,OOOt, 
Condos to lUXUry homes-serving 
La Jolla, Univ. City, Mira Mesa, Del 
Mar, PacificBch, Clairemont. Need 
to SELL, see what 11 YEARS 
EXPERIENCE can do! RE/Max 
Assoc. Judith Haddox, Realtor, 
619-274-4477. (119-1/30) 

For tbe UJa8e' of sin Is deatb, bUl tbe 
free gift of God Is eternal lifo tbrougb 
jesus CbriM our Lord . • Jr_ .. 6:23 

E'I PI.O, 'I K\T 
TRAVEL ABROAD AND WORK. 
Make up to $2,OOO-$4,000+/mo. 
teaching basic conversational 
English in Japan, Taiwan, or 
S.Korea. No teaching background 
or Asian languages required. For 
information ceil: (206) 632-1146 
ext.J59764. (1/12-2/13) 
Helpwanted: Parttimesalesperson, 
specialty shop in La Jolla; callWally/ 
Dianne 459-6858. (1/26-1/30) 
CRUISE SHIPS NOW HIRING -
Eam up to $2,OOO+/month working 
on Cruise Ships or Land-tour 
companies. World travel (HaWaii, 
Mexico, the Caribbean, etc.). 
Seasonal and fuII·time employment 
available. No experience 
necessary. For more information 
call 1-206-634-0468 ext. C59764. 
(1/12-2/13) 
ALASKA SUMMER 
EMPLOYMENT - Fishing Industry. 
Eam to $3,CJ00..$8.000+/month + 
benefits . Male/Female. No 
experience necessary (206)545-
4155 ext A59762. (1/12-2/13) 
- MEXICO SPRING BREAK - * 
Biggest Parties * Best Prices - Eam 
FREETRIPSICASH. Call 494-1334 
or (800)798-1509. (1/12-1130) 
Activiites Assistant. Maintain resort 
atmosphere, throw parties. 
Recreation or customer service 
background helpful. $6Itlf, 10-20 
hrslwk. Toni 490-2200. (1/26-1/30) 
SALES, Pickup and Delivery TV/ 
AUDIONIDEO Store. Customer 
Oriented. Setup and program 
equipment. Lifting, Soldering. DMV 
Printout. 454-3030. (1 /26-1/30) 
Being Fit Fitness Centers is hiring 
experienced aerobic instructors and 
sales/trainers call 698-1702. (1 /1 ~ 
1/26) 
Paid Management Internship - Be 
trained in mktg, sales, interviewing, 
motivation, customer relations, etc. 
Earn minimum 2,500 to 10K 
managing a branch of Student 
Works Painting. Hiring finishes 
March 15. Call 800-394-6000. (1/ 
26-1/30) 
Cafe, Counter and all around help 
needed for Tues, Thurs, Saturday 
afternoons and Friday evenings. 
Apply in person between 1-6pm. 
Bemini's Cafe, 7550 Fay Ave, La 
Jolla. (1/19-1 /30) 
Need cash? Domino's Pizza is now 
hiring. Become a part of the world's 
largest pizza delivery company. 
Drivers can earn up to $12.oo/hr., 
must be 18, with valid driver'S 
license, insured vehicle , good 
driving record. Stop by our La Jolla 
store, 3211 HolldayCt., after 11am 
or call 452-8273. EOE. (1/23- 3/16) 
Fun, energetiC & outgoing people 
wanted as orientation leaders. Apply 
Revelle Dean's Office. Deadline 1/ 
27195. (1/19-1/26)) 
UCSD Campus Tours - now 
accepting applications for tour 
guides. Career Services lob #904. 
240. (1123-1/26) 
Tutor wanted for high school math. 

Must be experienced, available 
aftemoons in La Jolla. Jenny 259-
0886, Eves. (1 /~-1 /3O) 
BACK TO SCHOOL JOBSI -
HIRING TODAYI 5 part lime 
positions earning $10 hr. up to 
$250 per week. Jobs filled on a first 
come, first serve basis. Call 793-
4473 todayl (1 /19-1/26) 
MENTAL HEALTH 
UNDERGRADUATE 
INTERNSHIPS. GREAT 
OPPORTUNITY TO LEARN 
ABOUT LATINO COMMUNITY 
MENTAL HEALTH OPTIONS 
THROUGH TWO-SEMESTER 
PROGRAM SUPPORTED BY SAN 
DIEGO COUNTY AND TAUGHT 
AT SAN YSIDRO MENTAL 
HEALTH CENTER. SATURDAY 
CLASSES, VOLUNTEER WORK 
REGUIRED. CAU ALEXA FOR 
INFORMATION, 428-5561 . (1/17-
1/26) 
Articulate, enthusiastic students 
wanted to help raise money fo 
UCSD. $6Ihr. plus bonus. Contact 
UCSD Telephone Outreach 
Program 535-1433. (119-1130) 
WANTED: ELEANOR 
ROOSEVELT COLLEGE 
RESIDENT ADVISOR FOR 1995-
961 Career Services Job M904096. 
Applications due 2/8195 by 4:30 PM. 
(119-2/2) 

FOH ~ \I.E 
FUTON double size sofa/bed with 
frame, $50; Bone laminate 
entertainment center with storage 
drawers and glass doors $ 125. 945-
5878. (1/26) 
Formal Dress -Dark blue, iridescent 
material. Floor length. Size 14/16. 
Never worn. Paid $150, sacrifice 
$80 obo. 450-3648. (1 /23-1/30) 
Sony 8mm video camera with tripod! 
carrying case ($400), Burton Compo 
snow board boots size 9 ($75) , 
Fisher Mountain Bike ($250) . (1 /23-
1/26) 
TWA STUDENT FARES. one-way 
flights at $137 each. Additional 
bonuses call Professional Travel 
Service 481 -1264. 8-5 pm M-F. (1/ 
9-2/1 6) 
Women's ski boots for sale. Nordica 
size 7-8. Good condition. $30 obo. 
Call Marci@452-1995. (1/23-1/26) 
IBM PC 5150, color monitor, 
keyboard , Epson-FX printer , 
includes Lotus 1-2-3, WordPerfect, 
Multimate, Games. $5OO/best offer. 
587-2553- Stacy. (1/19-1/30) 
Macintosh Classic, System 7, Word, 
Excel, keyboard, mouse, modem, 
all boxes and manuals, $600. 
lmagewrlter II printer, $150. 450-
6761. (1/23-1/26) 
Macintosh LC for sale. Apple color 
mon itor, extended keyboard, 
mouse, System 7.5, lots of software, 
as new $875. 636-8784. (1/23-1 / 
30) 
Macintosh SE, 4MB RAM, 40MB 
HD, System 7, software: Word, 
Macdraw, Excel, Calendar Maker, 
and more, lmagewriterprinter, $650. 
652-2179. (1 /23-1/26) 

Thursday, January 26, 1995 

AT&T wordprocessor with monitor, 
printer, disk-drive and spelllng-
checker. Excellent condition. $225. 
Casio fx-6300G scientific calculator 
with graphics. Hardly used. $55. 
569-1178. (1/23-1/26) 
Panasonlc answering mechine with 
telephone, top of the line, Daymme 
stamp, LCDdisplay,remotecontrol, 
voice guidance, more. $100. 636-
8784. (1/23-1/30) 
1990 Nissan Stanza GXE auto/AC, 
56,000 miles, 4 door, white, like 
new. La Jolla 459-6336. (1/26-1/ 
30) 
CAR FOR SALE. '92 PLymouth 
Sundance Duster. 2 door, red, brand 
new transmission, 1 owner, xclnt 
condition. $8,000 obo. 452-0119. 
(1/23-1 /26) 
'86 Honda CRX 86K new engine, 
clutch, AM/FM, air conditioning, 
excel. condo $3,5OO/obo. Call Eric 
453-9103. (1 /23-1/26) 
Fender Precision Bass and Peavey 
Amp, beautiful, $500. Lots of old 
Dungeons and Dragons stuff, old 
Dragon magazines. Lang, 226-
6620. (1/26) 

The UCSD Guardian 

degree In language. Reasonable 7240. (119-3116) 
rates. Ann 536-9393. (1/23-2/9) 
TUTORING - MathematicI, 
Statistics, Physics, Chemistry, 
Computer Programming, 
Engineering. Help with homework 
and test preparation. Call for more 
Information. MARKN221 -7176. (1/ 
17-1/30) 
VtDEOTAPING, editing & 
production for birthdays, reunions, 
fitness, models, dance instruction, 
music recitals. Broadcast qualityl 
Low prices. Sun.et Vld.o 
Productlona455-6006. (1/12-4/20) 
From tune-ups to accessories to 
bikes. The UCSD Bike Shop has ail 
your cycling needs. Come by the 
Student Center and Check us out. 
Our hours are M-F 10-5. (1/12-3/ 
16) 

LESBIANS NEEDEDI Research 
study at Scripps Research 
Institute. Ages 18-59, not on 
medications, confidential . 
Subjects compensated. Call 
Sara, 554-7236. (1/17-1/26) 
Healthy men ages 19-31 with a 
minimum of 12 yrs of education 
are needed to partiCipate in 
psychiatric research being 
conducted at UCSD. Intravenous 
blood samplings and medication 
involved. Screening includes free 
complete physical exam and 
neuropsychological assessment. 
Subjects will be paid for their 
participation. Please call 552-
8585 ext . 3690 for more 
information. (1/17-1130) 

BULIMIA? COMPULSIVE 
EATING? For help call Diana Weiss 
Ph.D., Ucensed Psychologist. Del 
Mark 259-0146 (12/1 -1/30) FOUND- Sunglasses in Men's 

\\ \VrED 
Give the Gift of Ute. Be a Surrogate 
for a Childless Couple. Must be at 

LocI<er Room at RIMAC. Call to 
ID - 558-1003. (1/26-1/30) 

*GreatWave-KenmoreMicroWave least 21. $15,000 Paid. 800-308-

Black Sharp electronic organizer 
lost on campus last Thursday 1/ 
19. Reward. Call Dave 587-6644. 
(1/26-2/9) For Sale. $100/obo. Call 546- 7367. (1/9-2/9) 

1749. (1/26) --- --- ---
Motorcycle For Sale. 1993Yamaha 
Virago, QW 1200 miles. Shaft Drive 
(nocha/nsl) (No time to ride) $3400/ 
obo. 546-1749. (1/26) 
Ski tickets I 2 all-day Snow Summit 
passes. Valid Mon-Fri through April. 
First $50 takes both. Call Aaron, 

27~7542. (1/26) 
Big Ugly Black Wooden Desk. 28"0 
x 49'W x 26.5"H. With computer 
hutch=56"H. Ugly but sturdy. Needs 
home. $45. Steve@259-0919. (1/ 
26-2/2) 
Solid wood loft bed $75.00; Personal 
fridge saO.oo; Compaq portable 
computer, printer $200.00; 20, 55 
gallon aquarium, fishes. John 587-
0149. (1/26-1 /30) 
Aireloom twin mattress and box 
spring set. very comfortable. good 
condition, 570, 558-7007. (1/17-1/26) 
1994 Dodge Daytona, AC, cruise, 
stereo cassette, looks good inside/ 
out, good mechanically, 3 y/o trans. 
new tires. $185O/best. 265-1887. 
(1/26) 
286 computer package deal. 
includes: monitor, harddrive, mouse, 
epson printer . great for 
word processing and Dos games. 
$250. CaIlJudy457-5431. (1 /17-1 / 
30) 

Permanent weight-loss possible! 
Breakthrough product blocks and 
bums fat. Curbs hunger without 
side effects. Call 1-800-735-4865. 
Reliv Independent Distributor. (1 / 
17-316) 
Save money and ensure your baby's 
health. Leam to make formula simply 
and inexpensively from wholesome, 
natural Ingredients. Also receive 
helpful information on effective ways 
to make baby food that is easy, cost 
effective, and nutritious. For recipes 
and helpful Information send 53 and 
SASE to My Baby's Health 86n 
VI8 La Jolla Dr. *222 La Jolla, Ca 
92037. (1/23-1[30) 
Mac PROBLEMS? CailtheCampus 
M.c Exp.rt.1 -Free 250 MB 
Games- Repair/Consultation. Solve 
most problems for $15. Call 888-
6553. (1/23-1/26) 
ATTN.: MBA, LAW, MEDICAL 
APPLICANTSI Frustrated 
developing/editing your critically-
important personal statements? Get 
professional help, competitive edge 
from nationally-known author/ 
consultant. (310)826-4445. (1/26-
1130) 
Need help with writing 
requirements? I have advanced 

Tutor needed for Psych 60. 4-5 hrs 
per week, flexible. $10 hr. Call 
Julie 793-0085. (1/19-1/26) 
*EGG/SPERM DONORS· 
desperately needed by Infertile, 
hopeful parents. All races needed. 
Ages 21 -35. SUBSTANTIAL 
COMPENSA noN. Call OPTIONS 
800/786-1786. (1/26-1/30) 
Cat-Sitter needed for 2 well-
behaved felines until April 30/95. 
Will pay for expenses t modest 
compensation for your trouble. Call 
Jana during the day @ 534-3248. 
(1/26-1/30) 
Paid Management Internship - Be 
trained in mktg, sales, interviewing, 
motivation, customer relations, etc. 
Earn minimum 2,500 to 10K 
managing a branch of Student 
Works Painting. Hiring finishes 
March 15. Cail800-394-6000. (1/ 
26-1 /30) 
TWlNSllf you .re .n Identlc.1 or 
fret.rn.1 twin, pl .... p.rtlclpate 
In a UCSD Psychology 
experim.nt. P.rtlclpants wi" be 
monetarily compensated. C." J . 
Larsen et 534-6283. (10/17-613) 
Subject. p.ld for a study on 
alcohol 's effects. If you are a 
J.p.n.... Chin .... or Kor •• n. 
Am.rlcan-born m.'., cail Scripps 
Researchformoreintormation.554-

DRUMMER WANTED for 
jamming once a week, possible 
gigs later. Hendrix, SRV, Clapton, 
Black Crows covers + some 
originals. 453-9nS. (1/26-2/2) 
Lars all just have a good time. (1/ 
26) 
Till this day there lurks a lonely 
forgotten entity known as John 
the Fisherman on the fourth story 
of C. Hall. (1/26) 
CHARGERS RULEI (1/26) 
Down inthe catacombs .. . We both 
wore dirty faces. (1/26) 
GO CHARGERSIII 

How's this for Yo ears: Ladies 
and Gentlemen, Your SUPER 
BOWL CHAMPS, SAN DIEGO 
CHARGERS! (1/26) 
Hillary! I'm in love with you! I'm 
the man you want, not Bill! (1 /26) 
MICHELLE - I want to know more 
about you than just your name! 
Call Scott 565-4274. (1 /23-1/26) 
IN-lhearthatthegirlsatRIMAC 
aerobics classes are into graduate 
students! Go check it outl (1 /26) 

DICKINSON & CO. 
I'IOUDU ~11oua_ WlNlDlSnlNGIlaUl11NGSCBIIKILI fOI: 

UNIVERsITY OF CALIFORNIA 
SAN DIEGO 

COME SEE US AT THE 
CAREER FAIR 

THURS. JANUARY 26. 1995 
U:00·2:ooPM 

PRICE CENTER BALLROOM 

WE WILL BE DOING 
ON CAMPUS 

INTERVIEWING 
TUES. FEBRUARY 14, 1995 

PLACE BIOS WITH CAREER SERVICllS 

COME SEE US AT THE 
CAREER FAIR (SUMMER) 

THURS. APRIL 6:1995 
11:00 - 2:00PM 

OUTSIDE NEAR SUNGOD 

WE WILL BE DOING 
ON CAMPUS 

INTERVIEWING 
TUES. MAY 9, 1995 

PLACE BIDS WITH CAREER SERVICES 

WE WILL BE DOING 
ON CAMPUS 

INTERVIEWING 
THURS. MAY 25,1995 

PLACE BIDS WITH CAREER SERVICES 

DICKINSON WJU.Al.SO 11£ CONDUCIlNG 
OPPORTUNITY 

MEETINGS 
EVERY 11lllD WEDNESDAY Of MONTH AT 

'="PM IN OUlt I.A JOlJ.A ornCE 

CLASSIFIEDS 13 

UCSD IS RECRUITIN<3 

""OIv\EN 
WITH tONG MENSTRUAL CYCLES 

Ages 18-35 for 
lAW...participatioR $ 

in night light 
research 

(Not long d~ration 
of bleeding, but a 
lot of days between 
periods) 

If Y.:0U are interested, please 
call Kathy Rex at 534-6555 

FREE SUNGLASSES 

SPECIAL CONTACT LENSE PACKAGES 
Includes : complete eye exam, fitting , fol/ow up care , 
care k i t , near sighted Rx only , other major brands in stock 

SEMI DISPOSABLES $169 
1 year supply c omplete 

DISPOSABLES EXTENDED WEAR DAILY WEAR 

$169 
24 lenses 

$89 
complete 

$109 
complete 

1 EYE GLASS EXAM $35 IluLTRA THIN EYEGLASS LENSES $591 

* SALES, MARKETING, 
RETAIL, and MANAGEMENT 

** JOB FAIR ** 
TUESDAY, JANUARY 31, 1995 

Hyatt Regency, Seaport Village 
San Diego, CA 

Hours 10 am-4 pm 

Meet personally with hiring managers 
from Southern California 's best 
companies who need to fill positions 
immediately. Explore new jobs, careers, 
industries. Possibly get hired on the 
spot.Companies seeking college grads. 
ADMISSION IS FREE 

Come dressed professionally, ready to 
interview. Bring lots of resumes. For a 
complete list of participating companies, 

. call 1-800-735-0578. 

Sponsored by: 
Career Networking Group 

(714) .470-1330 

. ) 

. , 

--

-, 



14 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian Thursday, January 26,1995 

Volleyball Pawed by Princeton 
SUPPING: UCSD got 
ahead early, but fell in 
the end to the Tigers 
By Jeremy Malamed 
Staff Writer 

Only two days after a stunning 
upset of highly ranked Stanford, the 
UCSD men's volleyball team got 

caught nap-
ping at home 
by their 
guests from 
New Jersey, 
the Princeton 
Tigers. 

It was the 
Tritons' in-
augural vol-
leyball game 
in the new 
RIM A C 
arena. And it 

was the first regular-season match 
of the year for UCSD - a match 

.- which saw the Tritons fail to hold 
on to a two-game lead, eventually 
dropping a five-set match to the 
lowly visitors from back East. 

It was also a contest which 
shone more light on the team 's most 
glaring weakness: inconsistency. 

UCSD came out with its adrena-
line pumping, feeding off the excite-
ment of playing in the new arena. 
They showed no ill-effects of being 
physically drained by the tough 
tournament in Santa Barbara only 
days before. 

The Tritons (0-1), paced by the 
strong play of veteran captain Tyson 

- Kerr, who led all players with 25 
kills, jumped all over Princeton (I-
I) and rocketed out to a quick two 
game lead, 15-4, 15-13. 

Heidi I 

Everything was going as planned 
for the Tritons. They were up 2-0 at 
home and dominating the visiting 
Tigers. The situation looked prom-
ising. But complacency soon set in, 
and the overconfident UCSD squad 
soon saw their two-game lead 
erased. 

The tables turned, the Tritons 
found themselves locked up in a 
tight battle as Princeton stole games 
three and four, 15-8, 15-13, to tie 
the match at two games apiece with 
only one game left to play. 

Sophomore outside hItter Cole Scarboro ,oes up for a kill durlnc the Tritons' heartbreakln,loss to Princeton UnIversity on Tuesday. 

,-

The contest tightened up on both 
sides of the ball for the climactic fi-
nal game. Losing two straight sets 
gave the host Tritons a much needed 
wake-up call. 

both tallied up 18 kills to lead the 
Tigers. Defensively, it was all Derek 
Devens, who had a hand in eight 
blocks to help stifle UCSD. 

With a schedule that includes na-
tional powers USC, UCLt\ and 
Stanford, UCSD has had a tough 
time staying focused in matches 
against "lesser" opponents. 

League play 
They bolted out 
to a comfort-
able 9-2 lead in 
game five. 5PIHIT nIGHT 

opens this week-
end with big 
matches against 
Cal State 
Northridge and 
UC Santa Bar· 
bara. The Tritons 
lack of focus was 
clear on Monday 
night because of 
these upcoming 
matches. 

But with a 
big lead, UCSD 
lost its mental 
focus, and they 
surrendered 
seven straight 
points to the Ti-
gers to even the 
game at 9-9. 

Men's Volleyball 
& Basketball 

Doubleheader 

fHIDHY I JlIJ1. 1I 
The two 

sides ex-
changed points 
back-and-forth 

Festivities will include 
Inter-College Contests 
& Lots of Screaming 

They jumped 
out to a 2-0 lead 
and then prema-
turely put 

for the duration of the match, as 
UCSDfought to regain its focus and 
avoid a disappointment at home. 

But it proved to be too little, too 
late. Princeton rode the momentum 
of the big comeback all the way 
through a close 17-15 win in game 
five and its first victory of the young 
season. 

The Tigers' offensive resurgence 
late in the match was fueled by 
Brian Baise and Jeff Cooper' who 

Princeton behind 
them, looking forward to this 
weekend's big· league duels. • 

As a result, the Tritons ended up 
getting burned by a scrappy squad 
from back East - a team that 
UCSD could have easily blown out 
of the RIMAC arena. 

"It was a complete mental break-
down ... Giving up seven straight 
points in the final game. We need 
to stay focused," said veteran Tom 
Black, who recorded a game-high 

three service aces to go 
along with his three solo 
blocks. 

UCSD's offensive ar-
senal against Princeton, 
led by Kerr, was aided by 
Lance Taschner, who 
banged down 14 kills, 
and a hustling Matt Riley, 
who knocked home 13 
kills to go along with his 
12 digs. 

The Tritons now must 
put this opening game 
disappointment behind 
them and get focused for 
a tough league-opener 
against highly ranked 
powerhouse CSU 
Northridge on Friday 
night. 

"We really need to 
bear down on ourselves 
as a team or nothing is 
going to change," said 
Black. 

This year's Triton 
team is a squad with the 
physical talent to play 
with the big boys of col-
lege volleyball, but until 
they maintain their men-
tal focus for an entire 
game - day in and day 
out - they could be 
headed for a season 
plagued by inconsistency 
and heartbreaking come-
from-ahead defeats. 

MUZhIk/GuM\1IMI 
Tyson Kerr tak .. to the air for one of his 181M hllh 21 kllie In the 10M. 

Thursday, January 26, 1995 The UCSD Guardian 

UCSD CLUB SPORTS ROUND-UP 
Ice Hoc k e y 

Chuck 
Chris Donnelly slapped In one of the Tritons' recorckettln,12 ,oalsln a blowout of Cal Tech. 

It's obvi-
ously been a 
tough year 
when you ' re 
excited about a 
two-game win 

streak. But a streak is a streak, and 
the UCSD ice hockey tearn (2-7) has 
been skating red-hot of late. No-

where was this more evident than 
in the Triton pucksters' 12-7 dis-
mantling of Cal Tech last Saturday. 

"We've weeded everyone out," 
captain Steve Schwartz said. "Only 
the players that put out a good ef-
fort are on the team now." 

The two-game flourish, which 
started with a victory over Long 

Chuck ~n/Gu8rd;8n 
Captain Steve Schwartz leada an offenslve-mlnded UCSD squad 
that I. enjoyIng an unprecedented tWG-Jlln1e wIn streak. 

Rugby 
"Help Wanted" 

would be a good 
team motto for the 
UCSD rugby squad 
as it heads into its 

league opener this weekend against 
Pepperdine. The Tritons concluded 
their pre-season schedule last Sat-
urday with a match against 
OMBAC (third side), one of the na-
tions premier club teams. 

Despite a strong effort, the short-
handed Tritons were no match for 
the powerful OMBAC unit, as they 
fell 36-0 in a game where a handful 
of Triton players sat out nursing in-
juries. 

The OMBAC match was the Tri-
tons first match since returning from 
winter break. The team came out 
looking sluggish and fell behind 19-
o in the first half, a tough lead for 
any team to overcome and almost 
an impossible feat to accomplish 

BUD: A bad way 
to exit the scene 
Continued from .,..e 9 

I mean, all the Bud Bowl com-
mercials so fir have taken place 
before the real Super "Bore" Bowl 
has begun. 

And not only that, the spots have 
taken place on some stupid, sappy 
desert island with two blithering 
idiots who can seemingly make a 
TV out of sand, but can't make a 

against a quality team such as 
OMBAC. 

After a half-time wake-up call, 
the Tritons came out and played 
more intensely for the remainder of 
the rough game, gaining experience 
as a team, which will help them 
down the road in the big-league 
battles. 

"Overall, it was a pretty solid ef-
fort. The young guys stepped in for 
the veterans and played well," vet-
eran Devon Shea said. 

Newcomer Joe Lang was im-
pressive in defeat for San Diego, 
making several big tackles and some 
key runs. Another rookie, Ryan 
Kent, ran well for San Diego and 
could playa key role in the Tritons' 
run at a league title. 

When league play begins on Sat-
urday, UCSD will field only 30 
players, which would be the equiva-
lent of a football team suiting up 

boat to take them home. 
It's ridiculous! Is this how all the 

Bud Bowl greatness over the years 
is supposed to end? Like Nolan 
Ryan pulling a muscle in his last 
pitch? Or Dan Marino retiring with-
out a ring? Or "Quantum Leap" in-
troducing the "evil leaper" in a last-
ditch attempt to boost ratings? 

Bud Bowl deserves more than 
this. It deserves the common de-
cency allotted to any great commer-
cial venture, like Spuds MacKenzie 
or those "Where 's the beef?" ads. It 

Beach State last week, represents 
the longest win-streak this season 
and UCSD's first positive streak in 
two years. The two victories are also 
the Tritons ' only notches in the "W" 
column this season. 

"We've lost two defensemen, to 
injury and other factors," Schwartz 
said. "So we have a very small ros-
ter. Our offense, on the other hand, 
hasn 't suffered much." 

The Triton offense was indeed in 
rare form in the Cal Tech matchup 
last weekend, tallying more goals 
(12) in a single contest than the team 
had scored in two previous years. 

Brian Dunbar, a transfer from 
Dartmouth, led the UCSD attack (four 
goals, two assists). Veteran Sean 
McCoy also provided a spark for the 
Triton squad (three goals). 

The goalie rotation of Scott Por-
ter and Mark Donnely did an admi-
rable job stopping the Cal Tech of-
fense, but it was the Triton scoring 
machine which sealed the win. 

UCSD will play USC at home-
Mira Mesa arena - at 4:15 this 
Saturday. 

-Tedd Ladd 

only 22 players, an extremely ardu-
ous task. Hard-struck by injuries 
and low turnout at practices, the 
Tritons have had to put in double 
time on the field, and the extra ef-
fort has been a strain on both 
coaches and players. 

But with the pre-season behind 
them and with most of their key 
players returning from injuries &ext 
week, the Tritons - though still 
short-handed -look ready to com-
pete in the quickly approaching 
league opener. UCSD will begin its 
league schedule against Pepperdine 
at 1 p.m. on Saturday at the Warren 
West Fields. 

The Tritons are still looking for 
some extra legs out there on the 
field. Anyone interested in trying 
out for the team should meet on the 
Muir fields, at 5 p.m. on Monday 
or Wednesday, for practice. 

- Jeremy Malamed 

deserves to go out in style. 
I urge you to write your Con-

gressman about this debacle. Orga-
nize neighborhood support groups. 
The demise of the Bud Bowl is no 
laughing matter. 

Because, when it comes down to 
it, the Bud Bowl is about each and 
every one of us. It is about human-
ity. It is about universal pathos. It is 
about the sanctity of this life. It is 
about this island planet that we call 
home. 

II is about beer. 

.. 
SPORTS IS 

275-1132 
1 00/ All REPAIRS /0 OFF With th is cDupon 9Iudera, facUIy .... _ willi v.l1d UCSO 10. '£><CellI ""*" .... ~ ••. _ 0\IWt\8U. $1 ,000 limit. Not _ with ony"" coupon. e/3(W6. 

Just use the phone to score a great meal trom 

leARRYOUTI PIZZA HUT! 
LA JOllA SHORES 492 2222 551-9271 • 'or "ellre" 
- l,jJUnOOMiWllil -r - l,lUkdi.',4.JijjDejll' 

; 1 medium : 2 larae : 
I 2-topping I 2-loPPlng I 
; pizza $7 : pizzaS$1399: I Upt.s_...... I Upt.s...... I 
I plzmf.SSHdi . I pIn._51 ... 
I ::-~-=::;:= -;m;; I :-.... -=::::: ~ + 
I ......,-.......... ~lill I ....,_ ...... 0lI0..... :u.:.; ImItiCI"S ..... IIoI. .... l,.,. _"ttkgl,/ l/ItIIS.clm ........... I,.,. ~~ ... :I I 
• ................... VW·VIY• • ................ 1)t~ ~------------------~-~ 

YOU Can Afford to Study Abroad 
"" At UCSD, students access 

over $200,000 in scholarship 
support awarded only to students studying 
abroad, including: 

$ EAP General/Alumni scholarships ranging from ~ 
$250-$2,000. 

$ Special scholarship funds assist minority students. 
$ Automatic EAP scholarships are available to students 

who study in the Pacific Rim region. 
S Other scholarships offered by campus and community 

organizations also available. 
." Scholarships are available to students not currently on UC 

financial aid. 
." UC financial aid applies while abroad. 
." It's less expensive to study on EAP in many countries 

than to study on a UC campus. 
Invest In your future. You can't afford not to. 

Applications due January 27 for: 
AUltrll , Clnada, ChIna, Denman. Egypt, France, Germall,. 
Ghlnl, Hong ICDng, Hunglry. Indll, Indontlll, Ilra.l, Itll,. 
lCorea, Mellcl, the Netherllnds, R ... II, SIIIglpDre, Splln. 

Swedtn, Tllwan, and Thanantl. 
For more mformallDn contact the Progr,lms Ahroad Ollice 

'" the tnterniltlonill Center. 543 1123 



/ .6 The UCSD Guardian Thursday, January 26,1994 

Hockey 
, Gary Bettman 's Rankings (as of 1/25) 

"-*"- flee. RanIIIt .. m 
_N'SMA MEN'SA 
1. SLAP IT SillY 1'() 1. CHOCO TACO 
2. TASTES LIKE CHICKEN 1'() 2. FLYING PUCKS 
3. HOCKEY TEAM 1'() 3. SCABS 
4. BLACK 'N BLUE 1'() 4. MIGHTY RANGERS 
5. XENOPUCKS 1'() 5. ZAMBONERS 

MEN'SAA WOMEN'S 
1. SHARPSHOOTERS 1'() 1. XENOPUCKS 
2. SLICK STICKS 1'() 2. WELCOME TO VIEJASI 
3. TUNA'S TAROERS 1'() 3 . MOTHER PUCKERS 
4. BUTTAFUCCO ON ICE 1'() 4. AN ESSE 
5. GRETZKY'S KIDS 1'() 5. TRY N' KEEP UP 

THE CITIBANK SCOREBOARD 
(Intramural Sports Scores of Note Through Jan. 24) 

aliketHll lIIow-Outa 
MenAA Boot Knockers 89 Elder's Revenge 40 

Men~10 Playaz Club 62 Kanak Attack 25 
MenAA Beave's HoJ B7 Rooee's Palms 46 
Men A The Zygotes n FOf Threel 25 
Men A Bus Drivel'S BO Chargei' Halers 28 

Coed A Triple Threat 72 Two Getens 12 
MenAA Last Spot 72 Russian Bears 17 
Coed A C/vit'sCrew 43 Alrballers 12 
Coed A She', The Franchise BO Indian Exposure 22 
Coed A Left Vegas AI. Noon 86 Brat Pack 20 

Women A Fish Out 01 Walei' S2 Frog Mouth Nothing 8 
MenAA Eddie's Big Johnson 60 Coke Cans 25 
MenAA Grumpy Old Men 103 Phighting Pinoys 47 
MenAAA Mean Machine 102 Fogcutters BO 
MenAAA Goggles Paizano 89 Fab Five 45 

BuketbaU alrnbumera 
Men A Class In Session 37 Sweet Playing 3S 
Men A The Panthers 35 Revolving Masses 34 
Men A Bumper Car 35 DSP 34 
Men A Daggers 36 Seeing Double 3S 
Men A Shaq Attack 54 7 by 2 51 

Men 5·10 Milzac & Chilzee 53 La Jolla Boyz 51 

Aeo. 

I'() 
1-0 
1-0 
1-0 
1-0 

1-0 
1'() 
1-0 
1-0 
1-0 

MenAA Fourth Floor 69 Bill 's Love Toy 68 (OT) 
Men A Ph(!g Auf II 37 We G~ Chicks 3S 
Men A Bugealers 55 No Quarter 49 (OT) 
Men A BombsA_y 36 ShootYutes 34 

Men A Gimme the Stones 33 MOfonic Cows 32 
Women A Abs of Steel 15 Ladles First 13 
MenAA Bring Out The Gimp 26 Building Brickhouses 24 
MenAAA PiKaps 53 Tri·Fecta 52 
Men A The Bomb IV 33 We're Going To Score 32 

Floor Hockey Fried Pucka 
Men A Mighty Rangers 9 Slap Happy 3 
Women A Mother 's Puckers 10 Psuedo Ice 0 
Men A Flying Pucks 8 Ragin' Asians II 0 
Men A ChocoTaco 11 Hearts of Gold t 
MenAAA Tilt .. Uke Chicken 10 Decrepit Old Men 3 

Hoops Roundup 
Greg umtheir's Rankings and basfcetball updates 

The tirst seuon In AI MAC Is off to a flying start with a 
~rd number of teams battling In seven different dlvi· 
Ilona .. ... Shootera are aIIIl having trouble with the new 
courts and baskets as scoring and shooting percentages 
are dowh thle season ..... The new RIMAC weight room 
II paying dividends In the paint for many..... The larger 
__ courts are exposing IIIJb.standard conditioning pro· 
grams by moat squads (Of too much time In the pub) ... .. 

The 1M Staff will contact teams that _e not able to play due to facility prob-
I41ms in the arena last week ..... 
Ranll/lMm Rae. Aenkll_ Rae. 
........ MA ..... ·._·d. 
1. Mean Machine 1'() 7 . Heaven Bound 1-0 
2. Goggles Palzano 2'() 8 . G.Y.W.S.O. 2-0 
3 . Runnin' Rhubarbs 2'() 9 . The Bomb IV 2-0 
4 . Pandemonium 1'() 10. Sunday @ IOpm 2-0 
5. Brass Monday III 2'() 

..... ·.S· 10·.Und .. 
...... ·.AA 1. yaz Club 2-0 
1. Boo! Knocker. 2'() 2. Electric youths 2'() 
2. Zinc Fi"98'l 2'() 3 . Power Ranger. 1'() 
3. Grumpy Old Men 1-0 4. Phuq Auf 2'() 
4 . Unlouchllblee 2·0 5. AI Funk Era 1'() 
5. Eddie's BIg Johneon 1-0 
6. The S_n ..... 2'() Coed 
7. Your Mother 1-0 1. Yeu Can1 Play 1-0 
8. Ear1l1 Po_ 1-0 2. AI • YAlli 1'() 
9. I!eava', Ho J 2-0 · 3. She', the French .. 2'() 
10. Last Spot 1111 f'tace 1-0 4. Left Vegu at Noon 2'() 

5. Triple Threat 1'() 
...... ·.A 
1. Below the Rim 2-0 Women'. 
2. The ZygotM 2'() 1. AI • YAlli 1-0 
3. Whit. Tral/1 2'() 2. Filii out of w_ 1'() 
4. Matt Gala Chich 1'() 3. Lucky', NIghtmare 1-0 
5. Vangenca 2'() 4. Short buI S_ 1'() 
6. Nocturnal DriIIbIIIra 1'() • 5. The Nappya 1'() 

UCSD All-Campus Tennis 
Doubles Championships 
SaturdtJy-SundaylJan 28-291North Campus Tennis Courts 

.--- , 
All rigl\tl All right! We know its been raining dogs and 

cats for thr>ee weeks. but that shouldn't deter a real ten· 
nis player. should it? It·s Championship Week and ~·s 
time to oome\out for a little fresh air and get on w~ life 
againl 

Let's get reall We can't let another UCSD quarter 
waste away ... weather or no weatherl 

Besides the Ubrary oonsortium on campus is help· 
ing us sponsor this week's A11·Campus TenniS Doubles Championships cuz 
they are tired of seein' all of you in their spaces these past few weeks. 

The 19th annual Tennis Doubles extravanganza is set for this weekend 
oome hell or high water. The tournament Is open to all UCSD students. staff. 
and faculty with plenty of oompetitive divisions open to all players on campus . 
Men's and Women's Open and Intermediate Divisions will be offered with all 
tearns being guaranteed two oonsecutive matches either Saturday morning or 
Saturday afternoon (your preference) . 

Championship sen1is and final. will be held Sunday but weil before the 
Super Bowl kick-off at 3:18pm. 

Tournament entry Is a very reasonable $5.00 per team and that covers your 
tournament tennis balls. refreshments. and prizes. 

Tournament co-directors. Bill Browning and Todd Curran. are guaranteeing 
8V8fYOO8 lots of tennia and a good time to boot. To sIgn·uP. head up to the 
new RIMAC facility. and go to the 1M Front Desk Window on the Fourth Floor. 
Entries wilf be aocepted through Friday at 3pm. 

~/~ CALIFORNIA KIDS SORT OUT THE SUPER BOWL 
~ THE. 1M SPORTS STAFF'S SUPER BoWl PICKS 

Hometown Pick Sc ..... 

Todd Curran H.kkbu'l Nlnen )S·21 
Comment: 0eI0n knows whit k MEANS to be • chompIon! 
Jen MartIn Santa Rosa Ninen ~14 
Comment: How do you spell BlOW·OUT! 
T_ja c:...ter Fresno a.rcen 17·14 
Commem: john Carney drills. pme-wtnner! 
Chris Babcock SunnyvalI Nlnen )8-IS 
Comment: Same story as last month. same KOrotOO! 
Rick Mulloy Burbank Ninen 31·17 
Commem: Klau. will punt twice thouah fi)r 4gen! 

Pick Sc..,.. 

LIncoln Combo ""'*'1. Charpn 11-17 
CorNnent: Neon.- elf for two pidu. but Carney kkks sbt! 
.1I11roM11n. EI c.mro Charpn 24-22 
CorNnent: Ge«ae SIofert looks too much like my pICIfMher. 
RIch WeeIIs Del Mar a.rpn 7-6 
Comm«1l: 80ch tans need better nutritioral counselin&. 
Matt Adami Whittier Nintn 15-17 
Comment: Bolts c ....... RIMAe bock In the black as $3 million ... 1'I • ..apr 
hits 
Mile Hipp Palo Alto Charcers 23·21 
Comment: Stevo Youncself.destructs under the .. Don't You 0. .... pre of 
Joe Momara 

TIP OF THE WEEK: 

running, breathe primarily through· your nose. 
Not recommended if you have a cold. 

UCSD GUARDIAN ARTS a ENTERTAINMENT JANUARY 26,1994 

KING GEORGE 
GOES MAD 
see page H8 

, ..... fll •• will It. In 
t .... tr •• tOMorrow. 

• Deatll and tile Maiden, a film 
based on the play by Ariel 
Dorfman, stars Sigourney Weaver 
and Ben Kingsley and will open at 
the Hillcrest Cinemas. 

• HighlluuJer: The Final Dimen· 
sion, the third and supposedly last 
installment in the science fiction 
series, will open at theaters 
throughout San Diego. 

• Before Sunrise, the latest film 
from director Richard LinkJater, 
stars Ethan HawkeandJulieDelpy. 

• Siouxsie and the Banshees will 
release Rapture. 

• The The will release Hanky 
Panky, an album of Hank WiII-
iamssongs. 

• Oliver Stone takes on serial 
killing in his NaturalBorn Kil/ers, 
which stars Woody Harrelson and 
Juliette Lewis. It was released on 
Tuesday. 

• Harrison Ford stars in C/earand 
Preselll Danger, a film based on 
Tom Clancy's book. It will be in 
stores Tuesday. 

• Tickets go on sale Friday at 3 
p.m. for the hard-rock act Tesla, 
which will perfonn at the New 
Bacchanal on Feb. 21. Tickets are 
$15 in advance, '$20 at the door. 
Info: 220-T1XS. 

• Tickets are on sale now for the 
return of Simple Minds, which 
wi II perfonn at 8 p.m. at Spreckels 
Theatre on Feb. 12. Tickets are 
$22.50 in advance, $25 at the door. 
Info: 220-TIXS. 

• Tickets are on sale now for 'flte 
Cult, which will play at 9 p.m. at 
SOMA on Feb. 21 . Info: 220· 
TIXS. 

• Tickets are on sale now for 
comedian Margaret Cho, who will 
perfonn at 8 p.m. at Mandeville 
Auditorium on Feb. 10. Tickets . 
for students are $14. Info: 220-
TIXS. 

• Tickets are on sale now for 
Arrested Development singer 
Dionne Farris, who will perfonn 
at 8:30 p.m. at the Green Circle 
Bar downtown on Feb. 2. Tickets 
are $8.50 in advance, $10 at the 
door. Info: 22O·TIXS. 

ener 
LAURA HOPE'S PLA Y 
ATTEMPTS TO DISPEL 

My'THS AND STEREOTYPES 

• t's impossible to ignore the tre-

I mendousmediahypebeingshow-ered on the new group of twentysomethingswhoarecom-ing of age in the '90s. While the 
catch phrase "Generation X" has been 
used primarily as a marketing ploy to 
exploit the consumerism of this spe-
cific age group, it has also fostered 
myths which have created resentment 
in young and old alike. 

In "x," 26-year-old director Laura 
Hope fiercely challenges the recent 
negative stereotypes about people 
born during the '60s and '70s. "I got 
tired of reading about how we were 
stupid and unmotivated and bow our 
gripes are illegitimate," Hope said 
during an interview. "I think a $4.7 
trillion deficit is a valid reason to be 
concerned about the future." 

By showing the complex concerns 
of five young adults, and the socia-

logical environment which have 
shaped their experiences, Hope over-
turns the generalizations that Genera-
tion X is a group of amoral "slackers." 
The choreography of Katie Rodda, 
set to popular music by groups like 
Green Day, Public Enemy and the 
Indigo Girls, helps to make the playa 
dramatically effective presentation. 

The alienation and bitterness the 
characters feel toward their parents 
reveals a lack of empathy by both 
parents and chilcnn. Randy (paul 
Battle) marries yoong and com-
pletely cuts otIhis relationship 
with his parents, who were 
unsupportive during his 
childhood. Appropriately, 
the production notes in-
clude a D.H. Lawrence quote, "We 
have to hate our immediate predeces-
sors to get free of their authority." 

The situations in "X" tell more 
than a story of healthy rebellion. From 
a naive, ungenerous perspective, par-
ents call their offspring lazy and 
spoiled, while the young constantly 
blame their surroundings. There is a 
See PLAY, page HB 

By CLARE ZIMMERMAN 
STAFF WRITER 



HIATUS 2 The UCSLl Guardian Thursday, January 26, 1995 

margaret cho friday february 10 mandeville auditorium 
ucsd campus . 8 :00pm 
Tickets also available at the 
UCSD Price Center Box Office. 
Produced by B ill S ilva Presents. 

star of the hit comedy tv show 
"all american girl" 

with .plleiBI guats 

freedy John~ton . 
'~. 
~ 

SATURDAY MARCH 4 . 
UCSD GYM. 7:3DpM 
Ticktes alsD ava ilable at 
the UCSD Price Center Box Offi ce. 
Produced by Bill Silva Presents 

. '1,X ............. : 
laUrie 
nder50n a . rnedla 

. ultl~ 
:the rn. nee 
expene , 

~-.- ................ ' 

. ~ sunda!:J 6 
. saturda!:J 25 6. 2 . 
. ....ruar~ . 8'OOP~ feu atre . 
spred<.elS t~~ ......... ON SRLE NOWI 

, 

: .................... .. 
..................... ~ 

~ .. Cl ... 8 

in association with A.S. UCSD Programming. ,~. 
PlEASE NOTE: ON NIGHT OF SHOW . 
UCSD STU DENT TICKETS 
MUST BE ACCO MPANIED BY 
UCSO STU DENT IDENTIFICATION. 
must be 18+ Dr have cD llege i.d. 

Tickets available at all outlets (including Tower Records, Wherehouse, Blockbuster 
Music, Aobinsons-May and Blockbuster Video in Mexico). To charge by phone call 619 220·TIXS. 

PRODUCID .V .ILL SILVA PRI .. NTI 

, 

Courtesy of Museum of Contempj)r3ry 
Poet Wanda CoIelNn will reM from her work on Feb. 3. 

Cross Fertilizations 
Quincy Troupes multi-cultural 

program brings diverse artists together 
By Car. Udell 
Staff Writer 

The third season of" Artists On The Cutting 
Edge 1II: Cross Fertilizations." The program 
kicks off at 7:30 p.m. tonight with a perfor-
mance by poet and playwright Miguel Algarin, 
composer and pianist Donal Fox, poet Diane di 
Prima and poet and performance artist David 
Antin, combines different artists who work in 
various media and come from diverse back-
grounds. Together these writers, poets and 
musicians will read and perform their work . 
Last year's line· up, which featured poets such 
as Allen Ginsberg and John Ashbury, was very 
successful. The same novel and memorable 

~rformances are expected for this year. The 
series is once again organized by Quincy Troupe, 
professor of literature at UCSD. During a re-
cent interview, he talked about "Cross Fertili· 
zations" and his personal perspediveson litera-
ture. 

The series will start tonight at the Parker 
Auditorium at the La Jolla High School and 
continue on Feb. 2 and 9. Student passes are $20 
and individual tickets are $8. For more infor-
mation, call 234-1001. 
GurdIM: WIuIt ....... or new In 
.... y ... ' • ....,. .. " 

Troupe: This year we are going to have all 
poets. The emphasis for this season, except for 
the last reading, ison people who not only write 
well but who arc really dynamic performers. 
DId,.. ....... ft 10 tIIIIt ..... MiIInC 
would hIIVe • .-rttcu- ........ .., 

The first evening I wanted to be really 
diverse and set the tone for the rest of the 
eveni ngs. What you have arc these people who 
come out of the New York school. Although 
Diane di Prima, who was the leading female 
poet of the Beatnik Generation, now lives in 
San Francisco and David Antin lives here, 
Miguel Alvarin still lives in New York, and so 
they have that kind offee!. The next feel is with 
Wanda Coleman, David Murray, Gerardo 
Nevarro and Steve Kowit. All these people arc 
from California, with Nevarro coming from 
Tijuana, Murray from Oakland, and Coleman 
from Los Angeles. Murray is a musician; a 
sound poet with saxophone. Coleman is oneof 

the great oral poets living now and is also a 
renowned short story writer. Steve Kowit, who 
is a transplant from New York, has been out 
here so long he considers himself a Californian. 
So we have a Chicano,a white Jewish poet,and 
a black female. And then we have David Murray, 
who is probably one of the second or third 
greatest tenor saxophonists living now. We're 
really mixing it up. And then the last evening is 
an all Chinese evening. 
Why lid you chooM to have ..... 
ChIneN evenlne? 

Well, because I like being diverse. We'reon 
the Pacific Rim and I think we have to start 
looking toward the East and toward Mexico. 
I'm trying to bring this kind of energy to the 
area. And so I thought that since Bei Dao, who 
has been nominated forthe Nobel Prize twice in 
the last three years, is probably one of the most 
well-known and renowned Chinese poets in the 
world. I thought it would be incredible to sur-
round him with people like Mei Mei 
Berssenbrugge, who is probably, along with 
Marilyn Chin, the most famous Chinese Ameri-
can poet. And then Wai Lim Yip, who teaches 
at UCSD, is from Tai Pei. So, we have the 
Mainland, Tai Pei and the Chinese states. Then 
Jerome Rothenberg, also a professor at UCSD, 
will read the translations of Bei Dao while I 
perform some ofthe things with Yip. 
WI ...... be MY type 01 coIllIbonItIv. 
...... ntMIons by eome 01 tile .u.te 
.... y..., 

That's going to be at the end of the whole 
.£hing. Rothenberg, Bei Dao, Yip, myself and 
possibly Mei Mei will do this kind of sym· 
phonic movement of a Chinese poem read in 
both Chinese and American English. We may 
even invite the audience to participate. It 's 
going to be interesting. 
Do you .... there .. oilier people In 
... DIeCO or In oilier .... of the 
country who .. ~ simi .. cuI-
tlnl events - ........... to ...... .t. 
Ista who not only woIk In different 
....... but who ... come from ...".,. 
em beckCJou .... " 

Well, I know that we've been doing this in 
See CROSS, page H8 

, 

Thursday, January 26,1995 The UCSD Ouarlftan ' 

saturday 
Under the direction of Venezuelan 
guest conductor Maria Guinand, the 
La JoIIII Symphony Orchestra 
will perform Latin American choral 
music at 8 p.m. at the Mandeville 
Auditorium. The program will repeat 
Sunday at 3 p.m. Admission for stu· 
dents is $6. Info: 534-4637. 
The Cnmps will peform at 8 p.m. at 
SOMA. Tickets are $10 in advance. 
Info: 239-SOMA. 

sunday 

s.n DIe&o Repertory 'J'huboe: 
Stuart Hynson Culpepper directs Jane 
Martin's Keely and Du, a story about a 
young woman abducted by pro·life 
activists. The play runs through Jan. 
79. Performancesareat8p.m. Wednes-
day through Saturday, and at 2 and 7 
p.m. on Sunday. Tickets are$18. lnfo: 
235-8025. 

HIATIJS 3 

Porter ...... G 'IFY~ "Dewey 
Crumpler. Recent Paintings" will be 
on display through Feb. 11. Gallery 
hours are noon to 5 p.m. Tuesday 
through Saturday. Admission is free. 
Info: 551 ·8884. 

San Diep Museum of Art: "On 
the Edge: Australian Photographers of 
the Seventies" will be on display 
through June 4. Museum hours are 10 
a.m. to 4:30 p.m. Tuesday through 
Sunday. Admission is $3. Info: 232-
7931. 

The Cr.mps will pI_ their fusion of punk 
SOMA on Saturdlly. 

The VIOlent F ........ will per-
form at 8 p.m. at Copley Symphony 
Hall. Tickets are $18.50 and $20. Info: 
220-TIXS. . 

DivenioMry ThNtre: Bill Poore 
directs "TheTailor· MadeMan," a play 
about William Haines, a famous gay 
actor who starred in '30s films. The 
play will run through Feb. 25. Perfor-
mances are at8 p.m. Thursday through 
Saturday, and 7 p.m. on Sunday. Tick-
ets range from $10·12. Info: 574· 
1060. 

Museum of PhotocraPhic Arts: 
"Informed by Film," an exhibitfeatur-
ing the work of renowned photogra-
phers Cindy Sherman, Duane Michals 
and Eileen Cowin, will be on display 
through March 19. Gallery hours arc 
Monday through Sunday from 10 a.m. 
to 5 p.m. Admission is $3. Info: 453-
5300. 

lil til','I:t:J_ 
today 

Harrison Ford stars in ae.r and 
Pre..", Datvlw, which shows at 
6:30, 9 and 11:30 p.m. at the Price 
Center Theatre. Tickets are $1 in ad-
vance, $2 the day of Ihe show. Info: 
534-4399. 

"Glare: The 5creeNnI Series" 
will present films by three L.A. video 
artists (Meena Nanji, Ming-Yuen S. 
Ma and Tran T. Kim-Trang) at 6 p.m. 
at the Visual Arts Performance Space. 
Admission is free. Info: 534-2860. 

-oasIs 
-

The RUIbuma will celebrate the 
release of a new CD with a perfor-
mance at 9 p.m. at the Casbah. Tickets 
are $8. Info: 232-4355. 

friday 
Mother Tonpe, Jackseptic: and 
Grither will play at 8:30 p.m. at the 
Casbah. Tick.ets are $6. Info: 232· 
4355. 

Fonner King Crimson guitarist R. 
art Fripp will perform with his 
group SouncIsape and the c.. 
IorniiI Guitar Trio at the San Diego 
Coach House at 9 p.m. Info: 563-0024. 

The UCSD Graduate Music 
Ensemble will perform at7 p.m. at 
Mandeville's Erickson Hall. Admis-
sion is free. Info: 534-5404. 

tuesday 
The San Diego Film Festival wiUscreen 
the Korean film The Sfofy of Two 
Women at 8 p.m. at Mandeville 
Auditorium. Tickets arc $4, but a pass 
for the whole festival can be purchased 
for $35. Info: 534-4090. 

s.c.IotM will show at 8 and 10:30 
p.m. at the Price Center Theatre. Tick· 
ets are $1. Info: 534-4399. 

wednesday 
As part of the "New Writing Series," 
Hiromi Itowill read from her work at 
4 p.m. at the Center for Research in 
Computing and the Arts. Admission is 
free. Info: 534-1276. 

The Old Globe Theatre: Jack 
O'Brien directs Shakespeare's " Much 
Ado About Nothing," which runs 
through Feb. 26. Performancesareat8 
p.m. Tuesday through Friday, 2 and 8 
p.m. on Saturday and 2 and 7 p.m. on 
Sunday. Tickets range from $20-36. 
Info: 239-2255. 

MMdeI Weiss FOftIm: David 
LM Mcintyre directs "Scherzo." Per-
formances arc at 8 and 11 p.m. Friday 
and 8 p.m. Saturday. Tickets arc $5. 
Info: 534-3793. 

Gaslamp Qu.ter Theatre: Scott 
McPherson's "Marvin's Room," a 
comedy about a woman who loves 
others too much, will run through Feb. 
19. Performances areat8 p.m. Wednes-
day through Saturday, and at 2 and 7 
p.m. on Sunday. Tickets range from 
$19.50-$25. Info: 234-9583. 

MuseumofContem~ Art, 
San Diego: Nancy Rubins' "Air-
plane Parts and Building, A Large 
Growth for San Diego" has been ex-
tended and will be on display through 
May 1. The Gallery is open Tuesday 
through Sunday from 10:30 a.m. to 
5:30 p.m. Admission is $1 for stu-
dents. Info: 233-2023. 

University Art Gallery: "John 
Ahearn: A Decade of Figurative Sculp-
ture" will be on display through Feb. 
26. Ahearn lives and works in the 
South Bronx and makes sculptures of 
people who live in his neighborhood. 
Gallery hours arc Tuesday through 
Sunday from noon to 5 p.m. Admis· 
sion is free. Info: 534-2864 . 

VIOLENT 
FEMMES 

~RTfAL ARTS ~HfBrTfON 

WITH SPECIAL GUEST 
POSSUM DIXON 

SUNDAy11X 
JAN '9 I'M 

COPLEY 
SYMPHONY HALL 

• 

NO~TH AMEJJrAN TOUk '9~ 
FEBRVARY 3 . FRIDAY· 7PM 

~NDEVILLE AVDITOR1VM 
IT. $15 • CA. $22 • VCSD 80>< OFFICE: 534-6467 

'1t" PMSENno BY VCSD VNNERSrrv EvENTS OFFIC£ 



F4 The Dedication of Eleanor Roosevelt COllege The UCSD Guardian 

A Number No More: 
How Eleanor Came to Be 

Mrs. Roosevelt·s dedication to international 
cooperation and cultural diversiry united 
Fifth College students. faculry and staff 

@i~ 

T he liststarted with over 200 names. Everyone from Mahatma Ghandi to Albert Einstein to Maya Angelou were mentioned as possible re-
placements for Fifth College's 

uninspired numerical name. 
II took almost three years and hundreds of 

hours of meetings and discussions, but in Feb-
ruary of last year the college settled on Eleanor 
Roosevelt. 

Today, current first lady 
Hillary Rodham Clinton, joins 
Fifth College students, faculty 
and staff in dedicating the 
former Fifth College after jI 
woman who, in her tireless 
fight for human rights in the 
United States and throughout 
the world, redefined not just 
the role of the first lady, but 
the role of women in general. 
A a.on, ROild 

plishments; and someone whose reputation 
would provide students with a sense of pride 
and dignity, and encourage identification with 
the college. 

According to former Acting Provost David 
Ringrose, there was an additional interest in 
naming the college after a woman. 

"If you look around campus, at most we find 
two buildings named after women," he said at 

the time the criteria were de-
veloped and the list of 60 
names was pared down to 
five. All five finalists were 
women. 

Eleanor Roosevelt Col-
lege is the first of UCSD's 
five undergraduate colleges 
to be named after a woman. 

"It's about time ... ," said 
Eleanor Roosevelt College 
Dean David Mathieu. "I'm 
not sure if that was an inten-

As Third College was fi-
nally renamed Thurgood 
Marshall College in early 
1992, after 23 years without a 
name, Fifth College staff and 
students began to brainstorm 
for a name of their own. 

'"It Just mak.s 
more and more 
sense all the 
tim ..... I really 
can't think of a 
better choice to 
match with this 

tional part of the decision, 
but I'm sure it entered in there 
somewhere. " 

"Over 200 names were 
generated by Fifth ~lIege 
students," said Eleanor 
Roosevelt College Student 
Activities Coordinator Pablo 
Mendoza. 

In November of 1993, the 
names of five women who fit 
the criteria were publ icized 
and opened to debate. They 
included Nobel Prize-win-
ning scientist Marie Curie, 
Congresswoman Helen 
Gahagan Douglas, aviator 

coil., •. " Amelia Earhart, South Afri-
A newly formed naming 

committee, comprised of stu-
dents, faculty and staff, was 
formed to wade through the 
sea of names and develop a plan to narrow the 
list for former Provost Jamie Lyon. 

The committee sent out nomination forms to 
all Fifth College students, parents and faculty. 
More than 60 names were formally proposed 
and tossed into the discussion. 

After another mass mailing and a series of 
town meetings, four essential criteria were es-
tablished to evaluate name proposals. 

The criteria required that the college be named 
after someone who pursued a career in a variety 
of international settings; someone known for 
promoting international awareness and under-
standing; someone who was recognized inter-
nationally for his or her p~ofessional acc<rm-

- DlYId MathIeu can novelist Nadine 
Eleanor Roosevelt Gordimer and Eleanor 

College Dean Roosevelt. 
After a period of informa-

tional meetings and further 
student input, the Naming Committee met in 
mid-February of last year to consider the five 
nominees. Earhart was removed from consider-
ation and anthropologist Margaret Mead was 
added. 
, The committee finally narrowed the possi-
bilities to Mead and Roosevelt. A final poll 
selected Roosevelt. 

The Naming Committee's recommendation 
was then endorsed by the Fifth College Execu-
tive and Policy Committee, the Fifth College ' 
Student Council, the campus-wide Naming 
Commillee, three vice-chancellors and Chan-
cellor Richard Atkinson. 

, See PROCESS, Page F6 

By Karen Cheng, Senior Staff Writer 
FIFTH COLLEGE THROUGH THE YEARS 

Fifth College enrollment has increased steadily since it first 
opened its doors in 1988. r-----, 

.. ,- "._ ......... -... _-

Source: ucso StUClel1t ResearCh and Inform8lion 
Dominic LoIIbIa/Gu8rC1ian 

Upon her death, UN Ambassador 
Adlai Stevenson called Eleanor 
Roosevelt 'a vision of human 

integri~.' Her tireless efforts on 
behalf of all the world's people 
have made her. .. 

For Our 

The Dedication of 
Eleanor Roosevelt College 

Guardian Features 

"If anyone ware to ask me 
what I want out of life, I 
would say - the 
opportunity for doing 
something useful, for no 
other way, I am COIIvlnced, 
can true happlne .. be 
attained. " 

- ElNnor ROCIMYeit 

ChUCk Nauyen/ Guardian "Eleanor ROOMvelt I •• 
constant reminder of how 
much one life can 
accomplish. Becau .. of her 
life, million. of people 
experienced a new .. n .. 
of possibility. It Is for us to 
carr, forward that ...... of 
poulbility to a new 
generation. " 

"She h.ld the notion that .very cltlz.n 
of a d.mocratlc society has a profound 
obllPllon to the w.lfare of their 

- William C."" 
Duke University History Professor 

n.l .... bors. " 
- Michael Perrllll 

UCSD History Professor 

Thursday, January 26, 1995 F5 

A GUIDE TO DEDICATION EVENTS 
THURSDAY, JAN. 28,1995 

12:30-2 p.m. Luncheon for Roosevelt family members at the 
Faculty Club 
2-4:45 p.m. Guided bus tour of campus for Roosevelt family 
and guests from the Faculty Club to RIMAC 
3-3:45 p.m. Reception for Roosevelt family and gu~sts at 
RIMAC 

DtcIIcltJon Ceremony 
4 • 5:30 p.m., RIMAC 

MUlle: UCSD Gospel Choir and San Diego Chamber Brass 
Quintet 
Welcome: Ann Craig, Provost 
The Found", of the Col .... : James K. Lyon, Provost Emeri· 
tus 
EIeMorROOMYeIt:YoutIIMdAdvllllty:DorisKearnsGoodwin 
R..".. from the Roosevelt Famly: David B. Roosevelt 
Gift to the CoIIeg.: Daniel Shaugnessy, PreSident, United 
Nations ASSOCiation of San Diego County 
Introduction of Hillary Rodham Clinton: Richard Atkinson, 
Chancellor 
Keynot. Add,...: First Lady, Hillary Rodham Clinton 
PresentatIon to Mrs. Clinton: Eleanor Roosevelt students 
Damian Cassells-Jones (class of 1994) and Emily M. Maxon 
(class of 1995) and Dr. Rebecca Arnold 
Declcatlon of the CoIIete: Chancellor Atkinson 
Closing: David Mathieu, Dean 
MusIc: UCSD Gospel Choir and San Diego Chamber Brass 
Quintet 

Dlmer: La Casa Dining Hall with students, Roosewlt family 
members and Doris Keams Goodwin 

FRIDAY, JAN. 27, 1995 
First Annual Eleanor Roosevelt CoIleC. 

International Symposium at the 
PrIce Center Ballroom, 9 I.m •• 5 p.m. 

"Citizenship and Human RI&hts for the 21st Century" 

9 I.m. -10:45 I.m. Susan Woodward, Brookings Institute, 
"Can the U.N. Live up to its Charter in the 21st Century?: 

Human Rights, National Rights and the Yugoslav Cri-
sis." 

Thomas Farer, American UniverSity, "Philanthropy 
with Bayonets: Implications of Humanitarian 

Intervention in Somalia." 
U •• m.-12 p.m. Doris Keams Goodwin, key-
note address. "Eleanor Roosevelt: The Poli-
tics of Conscience." 
1:15 p.m-3 p.m. Shirley Hune, UCLA, "Hu-
man Rights, International Migration, and 
the Role of States and Citizens;" 
Gary Nabhan, Arizon~Sonoma Desert Mu-
seum, "Threatened Indigenous Knowledge, 
Human Rights and Endangered Species." 
3:15 p.m.":15 p.m. Dialogues about hu-
man rights. 
4:15 p.m.-& p.m. Closing Discussion. 

. , 

She Left (Golden Footprints' 
Eleanor Roosevelt was the first American to be a true 'world citizen' 

ith World War II ignit-
ing Europe and Asia, 
President Franklin 
Roosevelt turned 
America's attention to-

ward the military crisis and away from its 
unfinished economic recovery and social re-
form measures. 

"Many people assumed that the New Deal 's 
domestic program would be abandoned as 
Roosevelt shifted his focus to war and de-
fense," wrote U.S. News in December of 1940. 
"But they reckoned without the president's 
wife." 

"First lady etiquette" aside, she dove head-
long into the political fray, using her influen-
tial status to protect the rights of laborers and 
secure just treatment of women and minori-
ties within the war factories. 

Always a champion of the underdogs and 
the antagonized, Eleanor Roosevelt did not 
allow the American conscience to ignore the 
soc.ial and economic problems it still faced. 

"She held the notion that every citizen of a 
democratic society has a profound obligation 
to the welfare of their neighbors," said UCSD 
History Professor Michael Parrish. 

However, the importance of her work ex-
tended far beyond protecting America's moral 
conscience. 

Mrs. Roosevelt challenged the status quo 
of her time, accomplishing things previously 
unthinkable for first ladies and changing the 
role of women in American society forever. 

During the Roosevelt presidency, Eleanor 
revolutionized the role of the first lady. She 
held her own press conferences and wrote a 
syndicated daily newspaper column. 

She made her opinions known on contro-
versial and important issues, even when her 
views conflicted with those of her husband. 

Despite the possible friction, Mrs . 
Roosevelt's outspokenness was supported 
wholeheartedly by the president. Eleanor once 
asked him if her vocal opinions bothered him. 
"No, certainly not," the president responded. 
"You can say anything you want. I can always 
say, 'Well, that's my wife; I can't do anything 
about her.'" 

When Franklin was paralyzed from the 
waste down after a battle with Polio in the 
1920s, Eleanor became the eyes and ears of 
the president. 

During her 13 years as thefirst lady, Eleanor 
traveled around 50,000 miles per year to speak 
to the public, attend functions and report back 

See ELEANOR, Page F6 

By Ben Elgin, Senior Staff Writer 



'rb FEATURES 

PROCESS: It 
all started with a list 
of 200 names 
Continued from pa,_ F4 

The UC Board of Regents gave 
its final nod of approval in May of 
last year. 
Wh8t'. In a Name? 

According to Eleanor Roosevelt 
Co llege Provost Ann Craig, 
Roosevelt was appeal i ng because of 
her varied interest in international 
work, especially in areas of cultural 
diversity. 

"The Naming Committee be-

ELEANOR: 
Personal tragedy 
shaped her outlook 
ContInued from pa._ F5 
to her husband on the mood and 
condition of the country. 

She was, according to a tribute to 
the first lady in the New Republic , 
President Roosevelt's "roving am-
bassador." 

Her travels often showed her the 
injustice and discrimination which 
characterized one of the most diffi -
cult periods in our nation's history. 
She lobbied her husband on issues 
ranging from the internment of Japa-
nese Americans during World War 
II to the treatment of African Ameri-
cans in the armed forces. 

John Kenneth Galbraith wrote that 
Mrs. Roosevelt "dared the awful 
scorn reserved for those associated 
politically with southern blacks." 
This was despite the fact that her 
work could have had politically di-
sastrous results for her husband. 

lieved that Eleanor Roosevelt 'per-
sonified a lot of the four criteria 
through her continuing work in pub-
lic service programs, in working 
closely with the United Nations 
Association, and her work in incor-
porating women into public life af-
ter they were given the right to vote," 
she said. 

According to Craig, during 
World War II, Roosevelt extended 
her efforts by helping in the civil 
rights struggle for African Ameri-
cans and interned Japanese Ameri-
cans. 

Craig added that Eleanor 
Roosevelt chaired thecommittee that 

A World of Her Own 
Following the president's death 

in April of 1945, Eleanor told re-
porters, "My story is over," and the 
nation assumed that her position of 
power had faded. 

However, she continued her work, 
pushing President Truman to endorse 
civil-rights measures and continue 
work on New Deal programs. 

'In 1946, Truman appointed 
Eleanor as a delegate to the United 
Nations where she was a key figure 
in the drafting ofthe Universal Dec-
laration of Human Rights. The dec-
laration, which defined the social 
and economic rights of people in all 
nations, passed unanimously. 

Eleanor continued her efforts un-
til her death in 1962. She helped 
establish 160 chapters of the Ameri-
can Association for the United Na-
tions. 

1 n 1961, President John F. 
Kennedy appointed her to the Peace 
Corps Advisory Council and se-
lected her to chair the Commission 
on the Status of Women. 

$1 COLLEGE BEER NIGHT 
loin us for food 

• drink specialsl 

AU lO-oz. Microbrewed beers 
51 after 7 pm 
Rememlle~ $1 been are not the same! 

44 75 Mission Blvd. 
Corner of Mission" Garnet iD SeaCoast Square 

Free parking off Hornblend2 74-ALES 

The UCSD Gvardtan " 

drafted the United Nations Declara-
tion of Human Rights, one of the 
most influential documents in the 
fight against political oppression 
throughout the world. 

While there has 'always been sup-
port for the new name, Mathieusaid, 
the more people learn about the life 
of Roosevelt, the better the choice 
seems. 

"Generally, I knew what Eleanor 
Roosevelt did and her work in the 
United Nations. But [ didn ' t know 
who she was. However, being in my 
position, I got more of a chance to 
learn about it, and it just makes 
more and more sense all the time .... . 

Eleanor lobbied extensively, but 
unsuccessfully, for a U.N. resolution 
to halt the escalating conflict in Viet-
nam right up to her death in 1962. 
' ........ T .... edJ 

It may have been her early child-
hood which shaped Eleanor's unique 
understanding of the world. 

Whileshewas born intoa wealthy 
family and educated in England, 
personal tragedy struck deeply. Her 
alcoholic father, who was the 
younger brotherofTeddy Roosevelt, 
tormented the family with his abu-
sive behavior. 

Eleanor's mother, a debutante 
beauty, died when Eleanorwaseight. 
When her father died two years later, 
she was sent to live with her mater-
nal grandmother. 

While never endowed with her 
mother's social poise, the awkward, 
six-foot-tall young lady turned to 
reading and education for her en-
joyment. Eleanor married her dis-
tant cousin, Franklin, in 1905, but 
tragedy struck again. 

After realizing that Franklin was 

LOOK! JOBS FOR 
GRADUATING STUDENTS! 
The recess/on Is overl This is 
the best year since '89 for Job 
opponunlHe£ 92companms 
are Interviewing on campus 
Winter Quaner. And over 
half are looking for Liberal 
Ans maJorsl Don't miss outf 

PICK UP YOUR PRIORITY 
CARDS NOW A.T CAREER 
SERVICES aND nooK! 

I really can't think of a better choice 
to match with this college, "Mathieu 
said. 

Mathieu added that the college 
staff made an effort to educate the 
Fifth College community about 
Eleanor Roosevelt and her accom-
plishments. 

"People just had to learn more 
about it, about her life, and so we 
spent a certain number of our activi-
ties this past fall educating us and 
the rest of the campus community 
[about Eleanor Roosevelt]," said 
Mathieu. 

The college screened a film by 
Michael Parrish about Eleanor 

having an affair in 1918, Eleanor 
offered her husband a divorce. They 
salvaged their marriage, but it was 
yet another perSonal blow. 

According to Parrish, it may have 
been those tragedies which tempered 
her outlook toward the und~rprivi-
leged. • 

"She had a way of overcoming 
and rebounding from these trag-
edies," Parrish said. "[Eleanor] cou Id 
identify with other people who suf-
fered because of job discrimination, 
racism or poverty." 

Her life of struggle may have 
also given her the strong sense of 
freedom that was often expressed 
during her years as the first lady. 
This even proved useful to the presi-
dent when he felt he had to avoid a 
volatile issue. 

"Mrs. Roosevelt could do things 
which weren't popular," Parrish 
said. "If Mr. Roosevelt felt restrained 
from speaking out, his wife became 
the spokesman for the president in 
matters of race." 

In 1936, the first lady resigned 

Thursday, Janual'y"~,.1995 

Roosevelt's early life and a also 
presented aone-woman play byToni 
Gilman. 

While today's dedication cer-
emony and Friday's human rights 
symposium will be the last of the 
major events to mark the name 
change, Eleanor Roosevelt College 
has also planned annual activities to 
celebrate Roosevelt . 

Roosevelt 's birthday falls in 
October and "this past October, we 
kicked the [academic] year in with 
our fall dance, the 'Eleanor 
Roosevelt Inaugural Ball.' We had 
a real good turnout and we had a lot 
of fun," Mathieu said. . 

from the Daughters of the American 
Revolution after they forbade the 
world-famous African-American 
singer Marian Anderson from sing-
ing in Constitution Hall. Three years 
later she joined the NAACP. 

Joseph Rauh, who worked in the 
Roosevelt White House, wrote that 
Mrs. Roosevelt "was the president's 
conscience, prodding him in con-
versation or by memorandum when-
ever she felt him straying from Jhe 
idealistic course for political con-
siderations." 

However, perhaps Eleanor's most 
remarkable accomplishment was in 
freeing herself from the conventional 
expectations that surrounded her po-
sition as the president's wife. It was 
winning that bailie which allowed 
her to struggle against social, racial 
and economic inequality. 

Eleanor once wrote that, "Ifany-
one were to ask me what I want out 
of life, I would say -the opportu-
nity for doing something useful, for 
no other way, I am convinced, can 
true happiness be attained." 

Thursday, Janlt.lry.26, 1995 

\~ --;-ASTE 
8AJ 

The Plaintive 
Bleat of 

America's 
Sweetheart 

Annette Funicello's 
career puts Michael 
Jackson to shame 

By Mike Martinez 
Contributing Writer 

It's the early 1960's. The drum-
mer and bass player had the rhythm 
down tight. The guitarist added Dick 
Dale surf licks over the top. Then, at 
the fifth bar, the vocal enters and the 
competence is compromised ... it 's 
America's sweeth eart, Annetle 
Funicello. 

Incredibly, that weakest of reeds 
sold millions of records in the late 
'50s and early '60s. During that time, 
Annelle's tiny, less-than-an-oclave 
voice was responsible for 15 albums, 
31 singles and five Top 40 hits. 

By comparison, Michael Jackson 
has released four albums in a IS-year 
career. 

Why Annette? Well, this was the 
era of the cultivation of the manufac-
tured pop icon. Every TV and movie 
star short of Casper the Friendly Ghost 
was trotted into the studio to see if his! 
her product wou Id sell to teenagers. 

Certainl y, the photogenic kid from 
Utica, NY had star quality. In 1955, 
Walt Disney picked Annette out of a 
ju nior high ballet recital and made her 
oneofthe Mouseketeer.; on his Mickey 
Mouse Club TV show. Soon, thecurly 
hai red girl was getting 6,000 ran let-
ters per week. Her cult status was such 
that even the faster crowd noted that 
one Mouseketeerwas developing into 
a voluptuous young woman. 

Annette was like the 800-pound 
gorilla - she could do anything she 
wanted and, by golly, if she (or more 
likely, her Uncle Walt) wanted hit 
records, they would be made. Her 
record producer Tutti Camaralla in-
vented a technique to compensate for 
her rather limited ... er ... voice. 

Musically, Annette's songs held 
their own with the offerings of other 
teen idols of the day, such as Frankie 
Avalon and Shelly Fabares. But vo-
cally, Annene wore thin. While the 
emotion and production of Avalon's 
"Venus" or Fabares' "Johnny Angel" 
hold up well, Annette's hits remain 
what they always were - novelty 
records. She was a female Alfalfa 
from the "Our Gang" comedies. The 
only difference was that Alfalfa's cat-
erwauling was an intentional goof. 

To her credit, Annette never took 
herself too seriously. And whatever 
the size of jest one considers her re-
cording career, she did rate the release 
of a box set CD compilation a few 
years back. Her big hits were "Tall 
Paul," "Pineapple Princess" and "Jo-
Jo the Dog Faced Boy," novelty titles 
all. 

I n fact, her presence ina popu lar 
series of beach movies may be her 
most endearing contribution to pop 
culture. The high spirits and fun she 
brought to these films(and songs such 
as "Bikini Beach Party" and "Surfer's 
Holiday") make her as valid a nosldl-
giapiece for Camelot asJan and Dean, 
or even the Beach Boys themselves. 

The UCSD Guudtan.' ." '. • 

The Madness of 
King George 

Film profiles life of British 
aristocracy in the 1700s 

By Yazmln Ghonalm 
Staff Writer 

HIATUS 7 

In AnllQ Karenina, Tolstoy 
writes, "Happy families are all 
alike; every unhappy family is un-

Adapted from the acclaimed stage 
play by Alan Bennet, this film is a 
humorous account of King George's 
political and personal life. 

The film provides a colorful peek 

Courtesy of Samuel Goldwyn Company 
Kin. Georc- III (Nice. Hawthorne) leads hi. troops before 
Iosll1l hi. sanity In Nicholas Hynter'. flm. 

happy in its own way." 
This sentiment appropri-
ately characterizes the 
story of The Madness of 
King George. Britishdi-
rector Nicholas Hynter's 
film explores the un-
happy royal family un-
dertheguidanceofKing 
George III (Nigel 
Hawthorne), who is best known 
for losing the American colonies 
in the Revolutionary War. 

at the intimacies and intrica-
cies of royal family life in 
the late 1700s, and it also 
explores the way royal life is 
a facade. When King George 
starts losing his sanity, his 
physician (Ian Holm) hold~ 
him captive with the inten-
tion of reforming the king's 
deviant behavior. The phy-

sician hides George from the public 
and tries to control him by tying him 
to a chair and slapping him when he 

misbehaves. George rebels against the 
strid rulesofthe kingdom, yet through 
his torturous experience, he comes to 
realize that his clownish actions are 
unacceptable for someone holding 
political office. 

Ironically, during a therapy ses-
sion, King George chooses to recite a 
few scenes from Shakespeare's"King 
Lear," a play about a king who loses 
his sanity when two of his daughters 
take control of his kingdom. George 
quotes lines from the play which spe-

The uniquely haunting & beautiful poly tonal 
vocal music from the plains of Central Asia 
February 9 • Thursday • 8pm 
Mandeville Auditorium ~~~~ 
GA $15 • St. $11 • FaclStaff/Sr.Cit. $13 • VCSD Box Office • 534-6467 -:; 

cifically relate to his own condition: 
"I was always myself... even when [ 
was ill; only now I can see my self." 

The Madness of King George is 
loaded with unique British wi~ de-
spite the faelthat some audience mem-
bers may have trouble understanding 
the British accents. 

The Madness of King George made 
its San Diego premiere lasl week as 
Ihe opening film of the San Diego 
Film Festival. It will open tomorrow 
at the Cove Theatre in La Jolla. 



HIATUS 8 

uelD Itlght on Tu •• day. 
'III I40L b •• r with student I.D. 
• American Bistro Cuisine 

All menu items under SI0.00 

• Fresh beer brewed on site 
• Special Drink Prices 

4 'til 6 810 'til Close Daily 

Vni.-rrsi'r Townr Cmlrt 
4153 La Jolla Village Drive • San Diego, California 

(619) j87-6677 

. -:I-in,,-
Mandarin & Szechuan Cuisine 

Gourmet Dining at fast food pri.ces 
lI411Cb Express - only $3.99 per person. 

Build your own combo plate. SelVed daily, 11:30 am-3 pm r-------------------, I ~ ~ .., •• II_IIIrII,meIft •• I 
~Ior'" ........ __ III.frIIl· I I "Otter YIIId with coupon only. Sun.-Thurs 

I DINNER' Ifter 3 pm and not VIIId with IIPI additional I I • discount offers. Good for dining In only, I 
--- ~~~ 
350 University Ave. #A, San Diego .904 _8 688 (Corner of 4tb & University, Hillcrest) At It-v 

Come Here for Beer! 
Pete's Wicked Ale 

6-pact 

Naturnl Ute $4 6~_1*k._.(JlY 
and more ... 

. - Best selection of wine and specialty liqueurs 
'. 

- Over 200 beera, specializing In micro-breweries 
• Gourmet pastries, cheese, chocolate, & deiliterna 
- Unique gifts, wrap, and Incredible greeting carda 

Spirits ·of Saint Gennain 
3251 Holiday Coun c..- ...... T ..... 

(619) 455-1414 

The UCSD Guardian 

CROSS:Troupe 
cites his models 
continued from .,... H2 
New York for 20 years. Miguel 
Algarin and Bob Holman do this all 
the time in New York at the N uyorican 
Poets Cafe, the most avant garde, 
progressive poetry vineyard in the 
United States. There are young people, 
old people, skinny people, fat people, 
black, white, Asian, Latino, language 
poets, oral poets and performance 
poets. You have everything. I think 
that as a barometer, that cafe is setting 
the pace for this country, and maybe 
in the world, for readings. You have 
certain vineyards where people have 
for the most part white males who 
come in and who are from the acad-
emy. And then you have others, where 
you might have white males and white 
females, and their idea of diversity is 
they may haye one black poet, one 
Mexican, one Chinese poet, and 
maybe one Native-American poet 
throughout the whole year. It's just a 
token thrown in there. It's like when 
you have a company and you sit the 
one black person you have at the desk 
in the front so when you come in and 
see him you say, "Oh, it's integrated." 
So, I think that Bob Holman, who is 
white, and Miguel Algarin, who is 
Puerto Rican, are doing something 
that has never been done in this coun-
try. The Nuyorican Cafe is really the 
most democratic place. There is an 
incredible audience there. If they don't 
like you, they boo you; if they like 
you, they, love you. They are very 
honest. It's intense. 
DoyoufMItlult .................. 

. ' PLAY: Influence 
of television depicted 
ContIn_ from .,... H1 
distinctly wounded quality to these 
young adults who are closer to their 
friends than to their family. As Randy 
says, "We'll sUlVive Anabell, we'll 
even learn to raise ourselves," and 
later, "How can I take care of the 
problems of America when I can't 
even take care of myself?" 

The sense of resentment the char-
acters feel toward their parents stems 
from their.childhood experiencesdur-
ing the Reagan years, when they were 
abandoned for the pursuit of money 
and power. Hope depicts the enor-
mous influence of the television as 
babysitter and best friend, showing 
latchkey kids left to fend for them-
selves after divorce leaves family af-
ter family scarred. Unable to spot role 
models in real life, the characters see 
the Brady Bunch family as an ideal. 
Their idealization of the Bradys ends 
years later when the actor who plays 

or ..... ~, ......... 
................. 01' ...... 
live to .......... or do you 
feel tIIIIt ev.da .. "era. 
FertIIIutIoIIa- ....... prev. 
...., 

I think it's coming outside of the 
university. People like myself and 
Jerome Rothenberg, who are in the 
academy, feel strongly that writing 
and literature, and especially poetry, 
belong to people rather than just the 
academy. It should not be an endeavor 
that is supported by and aimed at an 
elite group of people; but should be 
something that is open to everyone. I 
am interested in expanding the audi-
ence for poetry and literature. I 'm one 
of these activists who do not believe 
that just because a person works as a 
car mechanic or a garbage collector or 
a street sweeper, that he or she does 
not love poetry or does not love a great 
book. I think that a person who is 
open, who loves to read and who is 
literate, should have this work aa:es-
sible to them both in the book form 
and in seeing that person in life. I have 
read my work before two people and 
20,000. I've had people come up to 
me from the South Bronx, who were 
drug addicts and who had not gone to 
college, who understood my work 
absolutely. They have come up to me 
and not only talked about my work but 
about Eliots' work or Pound's work. 
So I don't have an elitist point of view. 
I think that we are winning because 
the audience is expanding for a num-
ber of poets. There are a lot of people 
who are coming to hear these readings 
who never came to readings before. 
• ........ your own *rItInC. 

Mr. Brady dies of AIDS. 
During Hope's own childhood, the 

majority of her friends grew up with 
divorce. "My mom used to say, 'Some 
kids collect stray cats, my daughter 
collects stray humans.' A lot ~f kids 
would come over to talk to my mom 
about things, " Hope said. "Then, when 
my parents got divorced during my 
senior year, no one could believe it. I 
remember a male friend of mine started 
to cry." 

While "X" deals with a wide range 
_ of issues facing people in their 205, 
from the realities of the HIV virus to 
the discouragingjob market, one topic 
conspicuously absent from the play is 
drug use. "Drugs weren't as common 
a few years ago when I was in college 
as they are now," Hope said. "I under-
stand from younger friends that heroin 
has come back into popularity. That 
just didn't happen in my experience." 

Hope is the president of a biparti-
san group called the Third Millen-
nium, which addresses the national 
debt, spending, education and crime 

Thursday, January 26, 1995 

.... ,... ..... -= ....... ... 

........... ,do,... .... .. 

... 1 ................... ,...110' 
No, because of people like the 

ones I just mentioned. I call myself a 
cultural worker besides being a writer 
and educator. I've been very blessed 
because I wake up in the morning, and 
I do the kind of work that I love doing. 
I love to write, which I do every 
morning, and I really love teaching 
students. I get to drop little seeds in 
kids' heads and watch them tum into 
flowers. And through organizing these 
events, I get to bring writers whom I 
love and respect in front of them and 
see them respond to that. 
0venII, why exactly do you do 
this "Cross FerIIIutIons"7 

I think that to do this kind of series 
is to bring before the audience of San 
Diego great literary and musical tal-
ent. At some point, I want to bring 
filmmakers and actors and perfor-
mance artists before a audience to 
show them that the creative arts are 
alive; thalthese things areoutthere. In 
the world there are great artists of all 
races and ethnicities and backgrounds, 
and I want them to see that. I want 
them to see Tony Morrison or John 
Ashbury or Allen Ginsberg. I want 
them to see Octavio Paz or Garcia 
Marquez, whom I plan to bring next 
year. I want them to see a great guitar 
player and maybe somebody like Ravi 
Shankar, and put them together in odd 
kinds of combinations. When you put 
a drummer with a great writer some-
thing else happens. It creates its own 
kind of life. 

Dara Ghahremani mode contri-
butions to this article. 

- the concerns of people in their 205 
One statistic which concerns her is the 
low voter tumout among young people 
in this country. "One message I want 
to send in the play is that not voting is 
a poor choice, because things will just 
continue along the same path," said 
Hope. 

When Hope set out to write the 
play in 1993, she and Rodda con-
ducted extensive intelViews and me-
dia research. When asked about their 
inspirations for the future, Hope found 
that many young people wanted to be 
better parents for their children. "It 
was interesting that many people said 
they resented the way their parents 
behaved more like friends instead of 
parents," Hope said. "The people we 
interviewed said they would develop 
better boundaries for their kids and 
establish certain limitations." 

"X" continues through Jan. 29 at 
the WikiuplIntersection Gallery in 
Hillcrest, with performances Friday 
through Sunday at 8 p.m. For more 
information, call 759-9949. 


