
• =4 ~'i ~'''j: 1=4.1 
Student Threatens 
To Kill Party-goer 
AMES, Iowa - Mark Riley, a 
19-year-old Iowa State 
University freshman, was 
arrested Sund~y, Nov. 5, for 
threatening another student 
with a knife at a party 
Saturday night. According to 
the ISU -Department of Public 
Safety, Riley got into an 
argument with the other 
student and allegedly said he 
was going to kill him. ISU 
security officers reported the 
incident to the police, who 
arrested Riley the next 
morning. Riley has been 
charged with aggravated 
assault, a misdemeanor, and 
being armed with intent to do 
bodily harm - a class D 
felony. If found guilty, he 
faces up to seven years in jail 
and a $12,500 fine. 

- - The Iowa State Daily 

UT Student Face. 
Arson Charge. 
AUSTIN, Texas - An 
unnamed University of Texas 
sophomore has been charged 
with arson after starting a 
fire inside her roommate's 
closet on Monday, Nov. 6. 
UT police said the suspect 
started the fire after a fight 
with her roommate. The fire 
was contained to the room, 
which suffered smoke 
damage. Fire officials said 
the room was empty when 
the fire was reported, and 
that custodians contained the 
blaze with fire extinguishers. 
Arson is a second-degree 
felony, punishable by two to 
20 years in prison and a fine 
of up to $ 1 0,000. 

- The Daily Texan 

CSULB A.S. OffIcer 
Tried for Rape 
LONG BEACH - Cal State 
Long Beach A.S. Vice 
President Mike Barrett will 
be tried on two counts of 
rape, beginning with a Nov. 
13 felony arraignment in the 
Long Beach Superior Court. 
According to the victim's 
account of one of the 
assaults, Barrett called her 
over to his apartment, where 
.he forced himself on her. 
Barrett has maintained his 
innocence. If convicted of 
both counts, Barrett faces 
between six and 16 years in 
prison. 

- The Daily 4ger 

DOOM 
HIATUS: A review of the 
new cult film for the '90s, 
The Doom Generation 11 

OPINION: Are G.E.s 
beneficial, or simply a 
waste of time? 4 

SPORTS: Cross country 
and women's volleyball 
host NCAA regionals. 24 

, 

UC SAN DIEGO 

H u D 

THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 1995 VOLUME 86, ISSVI!' 15 

Remembering 
e 

Scores of UCSD students were among the 
1,500 mourners at the Beth EI Synagogue in La 
Jolla Monday evening for a memorial service 
in remembrance of slain Israeli Prime Minister 
Yitzhak Rabin. 

The service, which consisted of several 
speakers, paid tribute in both Hebrew and 
English to the assassinated leader. 

The audience was not only composed of 
representatives from different denominations 
of the Jewish faith, but of members from other 
religions as well. 

Warren senior Miron Abramson was one of the 
many participants who noted the diversity of 
people attending the service. 

See MEMORIAL, Page 9 

Story by Mary Higgins 
Photos by Yakov Zolotorev 

MournlrIC: The San Diego Jewish community came together Monday 
at the Beth EI Synagogue in La Jolla to m9urn Yitzhak Rabin's death 
(above, left). Young and old participated in the service (left), attended 
by an estimated 1,500 people, who crowded the aisles (below). 

$2,500 in Cash and Checks Stolen From Porter's Pub Saturday 
BURGLARY: Earnings 
taken from false-shelf 
in Student Center pub 
By Anand Patel 
Staff Writer 

Rob Porter, owner of-UCSD's 
Porter's Pub, reported that $2,530 
was stolen from the . campus pub 
between 1:15 a.m. and 4 p.m. on 
Sat., Nov. 4. 

UCSD Police Detective Doug 
O'Dell said cash and several checks 
were taken. O'Dell also said there 
were no fingerprints and no signs of 

a break-in. The police currently have 
no leads in the case. 

Porter said the pub closed Satur-
day morning at 1 a.m., and the staff 
locked the entrances for the week-
end. He returned to the pub at 4 p.m. 
that same day to deposit the previ-
ous night's receipts, checked his 
false shelf - a hidden compartment 
where he keeps his earnings - and 
discovered the money was missing. 

Porter added that when he re-
turned, the doors were locked. He 
said he believes the burglar must 
have had a key, because there were 
no signs of forced entry. 

The university keeps copies of 
the pub's keys, and Porter said he 
believes the burglar somehow ac-
quired one. 

"I put too much faith in univer-
sity keys," he said. 

Director of University Centers 
Jim Carruthers said the Student Cen-
ter Services office keeps one key in 
a secured area for every Student 
Center building. 

Carruthers aid the keys, coded 
but unlabeled for security reasons, 
are all kept together. They serve as 
a backup in case the main keys are 

See THEFT, Page 8 

Chuck Nluyenl Gusn1/", 
Pub: Rob Porter has owned the 
campus hang-out since 1993. 



2 NEWS 

UCSD Students '.get 
Davies for Protest 
RALLY: No Retreat!, NOW and EOC members also 
participate in the Monday morning demonstration 
By Esther Yoon 
Staff Writer 

A handfu I of UCSD students and 
community members protested out-
side UC RegentJohn Davies' down-
town San Diego office Monday, 
voicing their opposition to his vote 
to cut affirmative-

ber Bonnie Wagner said. "We're 
very pleased with the media's cov-
erage and the positive light in which 
the information was presented." 

Following advice from older 
community members in attendance, 
protesters did not attempt to enter 

Davies' office. 
action policies in the 
UC system. 

The group of pro-
testers included 
members from vari-
ous organizations, 
including No Re-
treat! , United Front, 
the National Orga-
nization for Women 
and the Equal Op-
portunity Coalition. 

No Retreat! -
UCSD' s self-pro-
claimed civil-rights 
coalition - in-
formed Daviesofits 
intent to stage the 
protest, but Davies 
did not meet with the 
20 protesters or 
members of the lo-
cal media stationed 
outside the Koll 
Center office build-
ing. 

Monday's pro-
test marked the sec-
ond time in just over 
a month that UCSD 
students have dem-
onstrated outside 
Regent Davies ' of-
fice. Approximately 
30 students attended 
an Oct. 5 rally to 

"We're not 
dlscour,,'" by 
Davie.' refusal 
to meet with us 
or [by] the small 
turnout. We're 
very pleased 
with the 
media's 
coverage and 
the positive 
light In which 
the Information 
was presented." 

- 8oml. Wlgner 
National Organization for 

Women Member 

"Young people 
are too prepared to 
take risks... while 
we older commu-
nity members are 
prepared to take 
caution," said EOC 
member Greg 
Akili, who was a 
keynote speaker at 
the No Retreat!-
sponsored "Free-
dom City" forum 
Oct. 12 in the Price 
Center. 

At the Oct. 5 
rally, demonstra-
tors stormed into 
the ninth-floor cor-
ridor of Davies' 
law firm - Allen, 
Matkins, Leck, 
Gamble and 
Mallory - but 
were unable to 
speak with the re-
gent. 

During 
Monday's prote~t, 
United Front mem-
ber Cesar Cruz -
one of the five UC 
Irvine hungerstrik-
ers - spoke about 
his group's fight for 
the reinstatement of 

voice their support of civil rights 
and affirmative action. 

UC affirmative-action policies. 

Despite expecting over tOOcom -
munity members to attend Monday's 
event, rally organizers said they were 
not disappointed with the small turn-
out. 

"We ' re not discouraged by 
Davies ' refusal to meet with us or 
[by) the small turnout," NOW mem-

"Our hunger strike raised a level 
of consciousness that the Orange 
County community never had about 
our fight against racism and sex-
ism," Cruz. said. 

Joe Stem, a retired community 
member protesting at the rally, spoke 
on the historical context of affirma-

See PROTEST, Page 8 

Heyl 
There is a mandatory Guardian 
staH meeting today at 5 p.m •. 
If you have a nose for news, be sure to 

come to the news writers' meeting at 4 p.m. 

The UCSD Guardian . Thursday; November 9,1995 

ETCETERA ... 
CALVIN a HOBBES by Bill Watterson 

r WOIoiOER He.,. LPN" Irs 
Bt£1-\ S\IK E r LAST ~t> 

AT iI\E. ClOCI'- MIo. i BE 
Itt. 8EN ~ \\()IJI!, . 

Mm ~ ~ ~';~~ 'tIIU.. 
BE ';\l.1; ~'S1C Itt~ ""(I"tRIAL 

~ "I'5roRII\t6 ~ ~snaJCl' lo\'j 
LIFE "'~ WRtntIG 'HIll. P\i!:)~11lE. 
c a.m1\.ESS ~ 'S(J AA TIt(; 1t-\'SIQ\t'i 

SIlC." f>..S ~ ~u. 
~~ SAllltAnow; 

BEGIN . -IIE1 
9cOGERSAAIN : 

(TS~~ 
't£9S "loll) I 
S'l1lL ~"-'IEII.T 

~CEI~ED tII,( 
x·AA1 GUSSES f 

AA SICGAAI'IER'S . 
\ 

_ .. 

BRIEFLY ... 

UCSD Theatre to Present 'Tartuffe' 
The UCSD Depaltment of Theatre will present Jim 

Carmody's new rendItiOn of "Tartutfe." Moli6re's fa-
mous satirical comedy, Nov. 16 through Nov. 26 in the 
Mandell Weiss Forum Studio Theatre. 

"T artutfe, " also entitled "The Impostor, " Is Moli6re' s 
examination of hypocrisy and the power of perfor-
mance - and their relation to bourgeois society under 
the reign of Louis XIV. 

The cast features graduate student actors Andr6 
Leroy Canty, Todd Cerverls, Joshua W. Coleman, Kent 
Davis, Carla Harting. Alyssa Lupo, Amy Elizabeth 
McKenna, Giovannla Pucci. ~ela Reed and Mike 
Ryan, as well as undergraduate student actors Jason 
Boegh, Damian Carroll and Jessica Plotln. 

Walton Jones directs this cast In the modem 
translation, now set In the 20th century. 

Tickets are $12 for general admission, $10 for 
seniors and $6 for students, and can be purchased at 
the Mandell Weiss The~re Box Office, Monday through 
'Friday from 11 a.m. to 6 p.m. 

For more infonnation, call 5344574. 

Music Department Sponsors 
Stravinsky Chamber Works 

UCSD's Department of Music will present a perfor· 
mance of Stravinsky's chamber works on Sun., Nov. 
12, at 5 p.m. in the Mandeville Recital Hall. 

The performance, directed by Philippe Lierdeman, 
will feature Aleck Karis on piano, Patrick O'Keefe on 
clarinet and Karen Elaine on viola. 

Karis. a UCSD music professor, has recorded for 
NoneSUCh, New World, Neuma, Centaur and CRI 
records . His solo debut album for Bridge Records -
featuring music by Chopin, Carter and Shumann -
was nominated for "Best Recording of the Year" by 
OPUS magazine In 1987. 

The event is free and open to the public. For more 
Information, call 534-3229. 

AfrIcan/Folk Entertainers to 
Perform In Mandeville 

"Echoes of Africa" - performances featuring the 
African/folk origins of American popular music and 
dance - will be presented Nov. 15 in Mandeville 
Auditorium at 8 p.m. 

Songs, games, dances, oratory, instrumental 
solos and stories will be included In the program, 
which traces the music 's origins to styles from 
Africa, the Georgia Sea Islands and the Piedmont 
region of Virginia , South Carolina, North Carolina 
and Florida. 

Tickets for "Echoes of Africa" are $15 for general 
admission, $13 for UCSD faculty, staff and seniors, 
and $11 for students. 

For more Information, call 534-4090. 

Lecture and Slide Show Informs 
Visitors About Sea Turtles 

The Stephen Birch Aquarium-Museum invites visi' 
tors to leam about sea turtles during a special lecture < 
and slide show by Dr. Scott Eckert on Sunday, Nov. 19 
at 2 p.m. 

Eckert, a marine biologist at the Hubbs·Sea 
World Research Institute who has studied sea turtles 
for 15 years , wili discuss the life history of the 
world 's largest living rept ile , the sea turtle. The talk 
will focus on the endangered leatherback sea turtle. 
Visitors will discover facts about the evolutionary 
history of all species of sea turtles, as well as the 
manner in which scientists study them. 

The lecture is free with regular aquarium admis· 
sion. Aquarium admission is $6.50 for edults, $5.50 
for seniors, $4 .50 for students and $3.50 for children 

~12. 
For more information, call 534-ASH. 

BRENT JOHNSON, Opinion Editor TYI'IIT: Janet Eom 
DEREK VAN NOfTEN. Assoclat~ Opinion Editor 

DAN KRAFT, Sports Editor 
IfNlIlAHtMt, Assoclat~ SPOrts Editor 

JfFF NtDEL. Hiatus Editor 
VAKOV ZOLOTOREV. Photo Editor 

CHUCK NGUYEN, C<M5socl"~ PI!oto Editor 
HEIDI MUZtlK. CoAssoclat. Photo Editor 

DOMtNIC LOIIIIA, Graphics Editor 
BRENNA LATHAM, Deslln Editor 

CIRCUlATION AIIIITANlI: !<en Chin. Pablo Ma"lluy. Christine Patron! , 
Stefani. Stock. ~I Terrar 

ANN BAREFIELD, Advertising Manll(let 
108 DeANDREA, Business O"ic~ Man3ller 

MIKE MARnNEZ, Art Director 
RITHYA TANG, Ass!. Business Man.r 
JOHN BARBER, Ad Layout /JfId Design 

JOE PAN, Graphic Designer 
"" UCSD ~ II poAIIshod IIDnIIIyI ond ThIndI!I ~ lilt _ Ie,... III' InCI for 
lhtat_'IlIoI UCSD.~lonoltnlsnew_In.,,_. _In_orlnl*t. 
wiIno\( lIIf!IIiUIon Is _"proIIIbIoo1. 0 1995.liI rlfU __ "" UCSO-" Is not 
....,.,..... for Iht ""'" 01 _ manutCt11lt1 or lit. TIle _ eIIIIHItd In ..,nIcs 
InCI ....., __ or ~ do not -1IIIr ....- Iht CIIIiIIonI of "" UCSO 

~.Iht LlniverlltrolClllomlaorlht_ -. ""UCSD~iI ~ 
..,..., III' ~ lOOk II II Iht IIItIIY COlors. 

TIDD LADD, Editor In Chief 
SIMONI MIUIR. Co-ManlllrC Editor 
ANNA WAllMAN, CoNlMllrw Edlfor 

SCOTT PADEN. Copy Editor 

_ITAPI' WlllTIIII: Petar Chilli. Oen SwHIleY. Merllnne Villi 
IT_ ~ ~beCC8 Hell . Mety Hilaln • • Grtte Janc. IIIthiHn 
lytle. He_ MeRe •• Meet. Pel. AnIMdP.et, 8uketu Valslmav. Either 
Yoon 

Editorlel: 5~581 , News/Features: 534-5226, 
Opinion/Sports: 534-6582. Hiatus: 5~583 

BuSineu 0tItce: 534-3466, Fe., 534-7691 
1Hn.1I: .u.uie ... CS4 .eclu 

IVAN DlLVENTtW.. AlSOC/., News Editor 
TlRltY LIW, Associ., IWwI Editor 

ILLUITIIATOIIS: Mille 1liiy. NIkkI IUnt. RicII Yumul DIII .... __ ~ln 
PIIOToeu ...... : -.. Chen. 01Yld ClIO. MIfI< P8tterson. Jellie 
TIIenIauIt. Estell. V1U_ COPY _: JolIn Murphy 
waMAITIIt: Jim SetIo 

GuenIIan Onlllll : http://_ .uc:.d.edu/._dien 
UCSD GlUlnIIMt, 9500 Gilman Drive 0316, 

Le JolI_, CA 92093-0316 
Act .... _ : s-.I floor . ucso ~ c-. ~ ·A·. Am. 217 

Thursday, November 9, 199$ The UCSD Guardian NEWS 3 

A.S. 'Councll Holds UCSD Administrators 'Accountable' 
WAmlNG: Caserio 
and Watson reply to 
battery of questions 
By Esther Yoon 
Staff Writer 

A S . .Plu nei l members sol icited the 
suppo rt of In teri m Chancellor 
Marjorie Caserio and Vice Chancel-
lor of Student Affa irs Joe Watson on 
several student- related issues on 
Wednesday night, in an "Account-
ability Session" forum at the A.S. 
Counci l meeting. 

Councilmembers presented issues, 
including the UCSDchancellorsearch 
committee, federal financial aid, stu-
dent fee increases, campus lobbying, 
the affordability model, Smith vs. Re-
gems, domestic housing and affi rma-
tive action. 

Caserio and Watson's "account-
ability" on each issue - denoted by 
"yes," "no" or "waffled" (in cases of 
uncertainty)-were charted th rough-
out the meeting on a board posted 
behind them. 

" I was pleased with the meeting 
and the advocacy Caserioand Watson 

expressed on some of the issues," 
A.S. President Naomi Falk said. 

Both Caserio and Watson agreed 
with Falk's request for more student 
representation on thechancellorsearch 
committee. 

Falk presented two amendments 
to the current composition of the com-
millee. If implemented, Ihe commi t-
tee would allow student comm ittee 
members to vote on chancellorcandi-
dates. The proposed changes would 
also require candidates to spend time 
on campus and meet wi th a group of 
students selected by A S. and the 
Graduate Student Association. 

In addition, Falk made an appeal 
to Caserio for the administration to 
lobby against proposed cuts in federa l 
fina ncia l aid. Caserio expressed her 
"pe~na l advocacy" of student lob-
bying efforts and agreed to join them, 
to a li mited extent. 

"It has always been my under-
standing that these issues were being 
handled at the UC Office of the Presi-
dent," Caserio said . 

Watson echoed Caserio's senti-
ments:" Administrators at UCSD have 
voiced our concerns about the cutting 

multimedia survlvalldt for passing 
anatomy. DJssect, Identify, study systems 

and regions. Prepare better, faster. 

Special student prlce-$149.95 
Visit your college bookstore 

or call 1-800-322·1377. 

of federal aid, and we have tried to 
inform ourcongressionaJ delegation." 

When Falk pressed both adminis-
trators to not "underestimate the con-
siderable weight they hold" over such 
issues, Watson confirmed that both he 
and Caserio will wri te letters to Con-
gress protesting the proposed cuts. 

However, Watson disagreed with 
A.S. Campus Director of External 
Affairs Greg Field 's proposal for a 
student letter-writing campaign pro-
testing cuts in federal aid, which would 
be fu nded by the administration. 

"I think the worst thing that C9uld 
happen with [the] administration fund-
ing tudent lobbyingis that the institu-
tion will appear as if they're advanc-
ing thei r own interests," Watson said. 

" It would be a mistake for the 
administration to fund this kind of 
campaign, because so many institu-
tions are accused of handling funds 
improperly," he added. 

Both administrators also advocated 
the continuation of federal "direct 
lending" policies, which, if imple-
mented, would fund student financial 
aid at the federal level. 

Caserio and Watson were divided 

ad·ver·tis-ing n 1: the 

action of calling something 

to the attenlion of the public, 

esp. in the UCSD Guardian 

newspaper, 534-3466 

in stance when Field 
addressed student con-
cerns with UCPresident 
Richard Atkinson's pro-
posal for a 7.1 percent 
increase in student fees. 

While Caserio dis-
agreed wilh Atkinson's 
proposed fee hike, 
Wal<;()n supported a fee 
increase, if applied to 
the affordability model. 

Hot seat: Chancellor Caserio and Vice 

"I personally do not 
support a fee increase," 
Caserio said . "While I 
can not actively protest 
it, I feel that the regents 
shou Id try to address the 
problem, ralher than 
raising fees." 

The affordabi lity Chancellor Watson answered questions . 
model, proposed by Watson, would vocacy of the revamped model, say-
require an increase in fees of approx i- ing that "students need a set standard 
mately $200 per student. The plan for ofaffordability, which is provided by 
the affordability model, said Watson, the model." 
is separate from the proposed 7.1 fee However, A.S. Representative to 
increase. Both issues will be discussed the UC Student Association Alex Tom 
at a Nov. 16 meeting of the UC Board argued that the affordability model is 
of Regents. "unclear at all levels," and that it "will 

Caserio agreed with Watson 's ad- affect students in variable ways." 

Now ENROllING: SAN DIEGO'S #1 COURSE FOR TIlE 

Serving the UCSD pre-medlcal community since tNS 

* M.D,'S TRAINING M.D,'S-OF-THE-FUTURE * 
• INTENSIYE MCAT preparalion & medical school application! 

admissions assistance are all we do! 
• MCAT EXPERTS: an independent program taught by UCSD-trained 

academic M.D.'s, lap M.D.-Ph.D. candidates, & English Depanmenl 
Ph.D. faculty. 

• 0KlGINAIO& not simulator, of intensive MCAT prep'in San Diego. 
·14 WEEKS (150+ hours) of detai led in-class instruclion &. real MCAT 

testing, problem solving, readinw'writing workshops, review groups, 
med school application & admissions stralegies, & IUloring. 

• 2000 PAGES of originallake.home review nOles; reading &. wriling 
Sludyguides, MCAT & admissions slralegy handouts, problem sets, &. 
MCAT-quality timed practice exams. 

• REAL MCAT TESTING for in-class &. take-home practice. 
• DIRECT CONTACT with young UCSD docs &. med students. 
• nrrOR1NG, pre-rned library &. med school application help included. 
• ON CAMPUS at the UCSD School of Medicine. 
• WWER TIlIDON than otber courses. 



4 OPINION 

EDITORIALS 
EdItorllll BoMI 

TEDD LADD, editor In Chief 
~ VAJSMAN, Co-Man8Cina editor 
SIMONE MIllER, ~ editor 

BRENT JOHNSON, Opinion editor 
TERRY lEW, Associate News editor 

lite UCSD _Is",-_. _It l1li ~ of CIIIIomI •• san~. oanc.nc. 
01_. ___ - __ III ~"'*ofllll- _ . end_not 

~_ofIlllUC _of ....... IhIASUCSO. _l1li ___ . 

In the tiny country of Israel, the murder of Prime Minister 
Yitzhak Rabin suddenly brought international attention to a 
young, Jewish law student: Yigal Amir, 25, assassin. 

While Rabin's mourners allover the world are still shocked 
by this tragic event, they should not be. Israel's Jewish 
population has found its violent fringe element, as virtually 
every other population in the world has discovered within 
itself. Such extremist groups condone killing for the sake of 
their cause, promoting their own little wars to gain national 
and international notoriety. 

To extremist Israelis, and even some Jewish Americans, 
Rabin brought the assassination upon himself by giving away 
land to the Palestinians in return for peace. According to 
Jewish tradition, all of Israel belongs, and has always be-
longed, to the Jews. This belief persists despite that a great 
many Christians and Muslims regard Israel- particularly its 
capital, Jerusalem - as their own "holy land." And despite 
that many gentiles reside in Israel, and despite that Palestinians 
who live in Israel consider their strips of land to be clearly 
Palestinian. It seems everyone wants a piece of Israel. 

Religious Jews, particularly the orthodox, are taught from 
an early age that Israel is the divinely ordained Jewish home-
land. Giving away any part of it would be a slippery slope, 
eventually leading to the partitioning of Jerusalem - without 
which Israel, as a Jewish homeland, could not exist. 

To Amir, all this was reason enou~ to kill Rabin. Amir is 
not only a member of Israel's extremist right, but also a 
vehemently pious Jew. His anger at Rabin for starting what he 
perceived to be a "landslide" upon that slippery slope knew no 
boundaries. And unfortunately, many other Jews feel no anger, 
regret or sorrow for the murder of one of the most important 
Jewish leaders - and world leaders - of our time. Rabin's 
quest for peace seems to have resulted in his own tragic death. 

The Middle East peace process must continue down the 
path which Rabin created. It will be a long and arduous 
journey, which the United States should continue to support. 
And we, as Americans, must remember that Rabin's leg~cy 
must not d,ie with him. 

UCSD Students Should 
Select UCSD'. Chancellor 

The selection of Richard Atkinson 15 yoars ago led to the 
transformation of UCSD from a small, unknown university 
into an sprawling, educational research institution. During that 
period, a bureaucracy arose which destroyed student interac-
tion with the school. Whether UCSD will continue as an 
internationally recognized but impersonal school may depend 
on whom the chancellor search committee recommends to the 
Board of Regents. 

The committee will be made up of 15 people. Of these 15, 
one will represent alumni, another the UCSD Foundation. 
Both of these representatives will have full voting rights. 
However, undergraduate and graduate students will not 
influence the search committee's decision, because these two 
representatives will not be permitted to vote. 

Two organizations not directly related to the university 
have the opportunity to help select our next chanceUor. Why 
are students, who perhaps have the most at stake, not allowed 
to take part in the selection process? 

The answer is both groups donate money to UCSD and 
wield considerable influence over the campus community. 
And the university has granted these organizations a chance to 
shape the university's future. Students, on the other hand, are 
considered a transitory, divided group whose point of view can 
be safely ignored. The irony, however, is that students contrib-
ute more money to UCSD than both organizations combined. 

Had the regents allowed students to participate in the 
selection process and ignored the influence of outside organi-
zations, one has to wonder if they would have hired Atkinson 
in the first place. As students, we have an obligation to insure 
our interests today and to insure the interests of tomorrow's 
students as well. In order to fulfill this obligation, we must be 
involved in selecting our next chancellor. 

1bunday, November 9,1995 

PINION 

WHAT WILL LIFE AFTER 
. UCSD BRING? 

COMMENTARY: As another class at UCSD braces for graduation, 
it's time to examine the options available in the real world. 

Derek 
van 

HOFTEN 
The Voiceo! 

Reason 

As graduation approaches 
for many of III at UCSD, our 
heads are filled with dreams of 
wealth and IUCCCII within our 
new burgeoning careers. Either 
that, or they're filled witb con-
stant worries about whether or 
not we'll even Mve jobs -Ind 
if we'll have to live at home 
even longer an we've already 
bad to. 

While the 
lalter scenlrio 
seems more 
likely, we can 
always hope 

where is the time for vacations and leisurely exercise? 
By the time we reap the benefits of our labor, we'll be 
old men and women - content with Saturday after-
ooons on the patio, sipping lemonade and smelling the 
flowers. But we'll be sipping nice, rich lemonade and 
sitting on a high-class, designer patio. . 

Still, other students graduating this year will opt 
for additional schooling. This genenlly serves one of 
two goals. Either it fulfills a genuine - but extremely 
nre - desire to actually learn something, or it is an 
expensive tactic to delay entry into the work force. 

Students caught in this last scenario, 
normally still can't get a job and 
choose to enroll in a graduate school 
of some sort, lest they should wind up 
taking a dead-end, administrative job. 

for success 
withotu our parents' help. And as June 
approaches, we still have some time 
to delay, some time to ponder where 
we'll wind up and what goals we will 
inevitably pursue. In anticipation of 
this, loft'erabriefsy.isofstudents' 
options following gnduation. In case 
anyone is having trouble deciding 
which career path most suits him, con-
sider the following. 

The most common choice will un-
doubtedly be to "play the game." That 
is, most of us will simply continue 
along the beaten path, following in the 
footsteps of our parents and assuming 
the same, boring, nine-to-five jobs 
we've spent all our lives dreading. We 
will pursue tedious offICe jobs and 
spend over 80 percent of our waking 
hours at work. Our only free time will 
be a few random weekends, inter-
spersed between keeping the house 
clean and paying the bills. Our office 

AI.I .... van 
lower, we 
could cIIooae • 
routewltb .... 
....... lty:for 
Instance, • 
.... rr ..... 
aI: Ralph's or • 
w.ahou .. 
stock boy. 

But not all of us will subject our-
selves to "the game." Actually, quite 
a few UCSD students will choose to 
"tnvel." These people contend that 
they just need to get away - to -find 
themselves. Most often, this entails 
backpacking or taking tnins around 
Europe with a group of friends. Where 
these people get the money to do this, 
I will never know. They're usually the 
same people who couldn't afford to 
buy their own boer while at school, but 
DOW, they can live without work for 
an entire summer. Nevertheless, they 
will set out on their journey, returning 
lOme four months later and vowing 
that they "Mve to live in Europe; it's 
so much better than the United 
States. ..... Theil, they '11 take an office 
job in the States and revisit Europe 
when they're 40 years old. 

Those of us with less drive - and 
a history degree to boot - but with 

duties will consist mostly of "paperwork," amounting 
to little more than everyday administntive positions. 
Still, such jobs do include genenlslability and occa-
sionally relaxed atmospheres. 

Of course, lOme of us will aspire to more respect-
able positions: doc:ton, lawyers and the like. These jobs 
will allow us to stay in school for sevenl more years 
- ncking up-severe debts - so that we will not be 
able to appreciate our hard work until we are too old 
to fully enjoy the rewards. With 8O-hour work weeks, 

a strong need to avoid offices, al-
ways have the option of taking an obscure job with 
no possibility of advancement, fewer responsibili-
ties and less work. For example, we could fly off to 
a tiny island in the Caribbean and tend drinks at a 
quaint beach-resort bar. Our job duties would never 
overwhelm us, we would never have work to take 
home and we would be living in a beautiful envi-
ronment. There would be far more free time and far 
less strell. WitlL this extra time, we could take part 

See FUTURE, Paie 7 

Thullday, November 9,199.5 The UCSD Guardiu OPINION 5 

COMMENTARY: While· UCSD's general education requirements might offer some broad-based information, on the 
whole, GEs bog down students and,often prevent them from graduating within four years 

. GEs SLOW THE LEARNING PROCESS 
ByKavlU ..... 
Contrlbutl". Opinion Writ., 

At UCSl>, there are Itudenta 
who don't have a clue wbat.they 
want to do witb tbeir livea, and 
tbere are students who "ave had 
the same career upirations since 
tbey were five yean old. In bot" 
cues, General Education require-
ments give studenta a broad bue 
for furtber development. The 
problem, however, is that tbese 
requirements are often excessive, 
forcing students to remain in 
school longer than necessary -
which also keeps them from im-
mediately punuing their interests. 
Thus, GE requirements can be a 
waste of time and money. _ 

In theory, GEs can provide a 
glimpse of various career paths, 
giving students the opportunity to 
choose whicli ones they want to 
pursue. After all, if. someone is 
clueless about his future plans, he 
should take different courses to 
see which one interests him the 
most. If a student graduates as an 
art-history major and then enters 
the job market, he may find that 
businesses want someone with a 
more varied- background. A stu-
dent may graduate in three years 
with a few Advanced Placement 
credits from high school. How-
ever, he may suffer in the job mar-
ket without having taken some of 
the GE requirements, which they 
might have provided valuable di-

versity tbat olher applicants 
lacked. 

Revelle ColJege Provost Tho-
mas Bond .aid, .. A structured cur-
riculum exposes a wide nnge of 
subjects with depth. Revelle's 
alumni often attribute their suc-
cess to GBa. They have the high-
est percentage of students going to 
graduate school .nd finding jobs. 
After all, life is not just a career, 
so it is important to take courses 
in otber aspects of life. Of course, 
a structured curriculum does not 
benefit everyone, which is why 
eacb college presents different op-
tions. All we can hope is that the 
classes they take will be of value 
later in their lives." 

Revelle requirements include: 
a five-course humanities se-
quence; a fine-arts class; three 
lower-division social-science 
courses; three math courses; five 
courses of physical or biological 
sciellce and three courses which 
are non-contiguous with students' 
majors. 

At Muir, however, most stu-
dents have no qualms about GEs 
because they have practically 
none. Muir may appear to be a 
more laid-back college, but stu-
dents can get right to their majors 
and graduate earlier. 

According to Muir Provost 
Paul Ledden, there are other ad-
vantages as well: "The idea at 
Muir is to give students a variety 

'~Iunteers are needed for Research Drug FRE E 
Study. All testing and study medications are 

Qualified participants will be paid up to $600 
for participation 

Call 436-5189 Ask for Research 
Warren w. Ple.kow, M.D. 

DIPLOMATE. AMERICAN BOARD OF ALLERGY/IMMUNOLOGY 

THE MUIR MUSICAL 
ENSEMBLE IS BACK! 
WITH THE PRODUCTION OF ... 

The Tole or 
Sl r (('/ lC',l) T(iclcl 

MUSICIANS. PRODUCTION 
AND DESIGN STAFF 

ARE NEEDED! 
IF INTERESTfD COME TO 
A MEETING ON THURc'; Nov 9 
5:00 - 600 P.M. 
HAL F D 0 MEL 0 D G E . C" T ~ E .V .. " il ~--: v l L i,,:' E C", M 0 J S I 

CON1ACT MARK RACKtR~; AT 4910492 
OR FRANCESCA RUSSt.:LL AT 552-0397 

FOR MORE INFO. 

At Muir, however, 
most students 
have no qul ... s 
aboutGEs 
becau18thay 
have practically 
none. Muir may 
appe_to baa 
laid-back college, 
but students can 
gat right to their 
majors and 
graduate earlier. 
of options and to allow them to 
double-major or minor. The 
strength of UCSD lies in the fact 
that students can choose a struc-
tured or non-structured course. I 

-~ Free conoulra"'" end iaitiII_ SJS ....... 
Fia!.n-dionamlyW-,d"hioad. &p.I2II/9S. 

JIZ bIoc/c 
fromUCSD 
1U/4xint, 

IYIIOOW' 
u,"o (I' 

CMI' 
IICl 

UIOUA ••• 
,OUSTS 

~~and~;i:~ 
.eY-!L'E C T R 0 L Y SIS 

& Skin Care Clinic 
3212 IOLlDlI CT. lUI 

LI .I0LLI C •• PIRITE CUTER 
(nu, to Mobil SfIIIionJ 558-0888 

16-0z. Domestic Draft 
16-0z. Dos Equis Drah 

"7. 
'2H 

MaIyat ilos •• " 
WeI Drinks, Daquiris, •• " 
Piila CoIcxIas & House Wine 

~~ 
Half Ooz. WaIo WIII9I $IAt 
~Ikmo $1." 
Nachos Rotld.os Cheese $1." 

w/Chicbn or SIeaIt $2." 

8910 V~la La Jolla Dr. ~53 4115 

actually believe tblt Muir has too 
many G&, which might hold stu-
dents back. There needs to be a 
balance." 

Muir students can complete the 
GEs by the end of their first year 
- as opposed to double that for 
Revelle - because of the short list 
of requirements. In addition to two 
expository writing courses, stu-
dents must select year-long fo-
cused sequences. One of the se-
quenees must be from the social 
scienees, another from the natunl 
sciences or mathematics and the 
remaining two from the humani-
ties, fine arts or foreign languages. 

At Marshall College, the re-
quirements take a slightly differ-
ent approach - combining ele-
ments from both Revelle and 
Muir. Students must complete a 
three-course interdisciplinary se-
quence called Dimensions of Cul-
ture. They also have to take sci-
ence courses in biology, chemis-
try and physics, two courses in 
mathematics, two courses in hu-
manities and culture, one course 
in the fine arts and four courses in 
a disciplinary breadth. The disci-
plinary breadth requirements in-
clude humanities, foreign lan-
guage, social science, natural sci-
ence, math and engineering. 
Unique to Marshall, students have 
the option of receiving four units 
by participating in a public-service 
program. 

The· 

As a student It Eleanor 
Roosevelt College, I am subjected 
to loads of GEl. In addition to the 
six-course sequence, Making of 
the Modem World, ERC students 
must take three language courses, 
two math counes, two science 
courses and two visual arts 
courses. 

Finally, the GEs for Wlrren 
College consist of a two-course 
sequence in writing, a course in 
Ethics and Society Ind two 
courses in either calculus, com-
puter scienee, statistics or sym-
bolic logic. In addition, Warren 
students must take two focused 
sequences outside their majors. 

Most students attending 
Revelle, Roosevelt and Marshall 
believe half of the GEs to be un-
necessary. While a few might help, 
the consensus seems to be that 
they are forced to take classes 
whicb are of no use to them. 

ERC is a liberal-arts college 
which aims to broaden students' 
horizons with more worldly 
courses - therefore, Making of 
the Modern World, a lower-divi-
sion requirement, fits witbin the 
scope of the school. However, tak-
ing two courses of math and sci-
ence will not broaden my hori-
zons, but may instead bring down 
my grade-point average. As a non-
science major, I can take a non-
science course - like logic - 10 

See REQUIRE, Page 7 

. Truth-Seeker's 
Seminar 

IS IT POSSIBLE TO FIND THE MEANING OF UFE?! 

Topics that will be covered include: 
o Is reason helpful in the sean:h for meaning? 
o Can objective truth be found in religion? 
o "Sacred writings" -- are they helpful? 
o Founders of religions - are they helpful? 
o How to become an effective "truth seeker." 

Thursday, Nt)\ emher <), 7-'8, pm 
Price Center - The CO\'c 

Presented by Tom Lozano 
For more information, call 484-2725. 

Sponsored by The Navigators 



6 The UCSD Guardian Tbunday,November9,l995 
Tbunday, November 9, l~ 

FUTURE: 
Graduation awaits 
anxious students 
ContInued froM ..... 4 
in aU the activities we love, but 
never had time to do. And since 
we'd already be living in an e'l-
otic, foreign land, we wouldn't 
have that bizarre need to "travel." 
(If you have no definitive career 
or life goals - and don't mind 
earning paltry wages - I suggest 
the Virgin Islands.) . 

Aiming even lower, we could 
choose a similar route but with less 
originality: for instance, a grocery 
bagger at Ralph '$ or a warehouse 
stock boy. This way, we would 
avoid the office and have the free 
time we so desperately seek. Also, 
the demands of work would rarely 
exceed one's capabilities or lead to 
exhaustion. But with this choice, 
we'd .be stuck in the same old 
United States, probably right next 

REQUIRE: 
GEs can inhibit 
quick path to jobs 
ContInued from ,... 5 
fulfill that requirement. But why 
must I take any class which has 
nothing at all to do with my ma-
jor? Neither math nor science will 
assist me in my visual-arts media 
and English literature majors. And 

to where we weat to tol1cgc. Then, 
when we drive around, we could 
return to our old baagouts, where 
we dreamed of bright futures and 
affluent lifesty les. These haunts 
would abo remind us of our friends 
who have done something worth-
while with their degrees, while we 
have thrown ours in a drawer in fa-
vor of a Taco Bell application. 

Others, however, might seek the 
bottom rung. For these students, I 
have some humble suggestions. Per-
haps they could make their way 
down to the border and assume one 
of the many career choices Tijuana 
offers. They could drive taxis. They 
could join those guys standing on 
Avenida Revoluci6n, encouraging 
the public to enter the bars and en-
gage in semilegal activities. Dr, if 
one is the entrepreneurial type, he 
could squeeze his way into the 
Chicklet business. Granted it might 
have rescbed its saturation point, 
but I have some crcstive marketing 
ideas that could make the Chicklet 

taking a language beyond the first 
year should be the student's pre-
rogative - not the college's. 

At Revelle, students often com-
plain about the five-course hu-
manities sequence, which includes 
extensive instruction in writing 
and reading. Most students at 
Revelle College arc science ma-
jors with aspirations of finishing 
their lower-division math and sci-
ence courses so they can proceed 

The UCSD OuanIiaa 

We c=-a avoid MI. 
....... altogether, 
.... pursu. 
car •• ,. w. truly 
..... ,.: acting, 
professional 
sports, politics or 
what.ver one .... 
dr ...... dof .. nce 
chllcllOOd. The 
catch ...... Is that 
this path Involv .. 
the great.st risk. 
industry skyrocket: other foodstuffs 
with Chicklet flavors, such as ice 
crcsm, popcicles, popcorn or fruit 
juices; Chicklet paraphernalia such 
as swestshirts, hats and buttons. Or 
how about shirts saying. "M y grand-
mother went to Tijuana, and all she 
got me was this dumb Chick let T-

shirt'"? So, while the Otic:klct indus-
try may be saturated with vendors, 
by no means has its market poten-
tial been fully realized. 

Or, we could just hit rock bot-
tom and become transients, taking 
to the streets with fewer responsi-
bilities than even the Ralph's gro-
cery baggers. Won't our friends in 
their offices envy us?! Imagine the 
free time we'll have with no job at 
all. Sadly, having no job whatsoever 
just might be a realistic concern for 
many UCSD students. That doesn 't 
mean we'll all become bums, but it 
does mean that a lot of us will head 
back bome to live with Mom and 
Dad. Which might be worse than 
living on the streets. 

One final option awaits us, 
however - an option that pro-
vides all of us with an opportunity 
to avoid these bleak scenarios, 
dreary office jobs, extra schooling 
and SO-hour work weeks. We can 
avoid "the game" altogether and 
pursue careers we truly desire: 

to their upper-division courses. need to take a visual arts class? It 
The science and engineering ma- might be very enjoyable and stimu· 
jors at Revelle usually take much lati ng, but will corporations care 
longer to graduate than they would whether a student has taken "Non· 
without so many GEs - most of Western Art" before they hire him? 
which have nothi ng to do with When I think of these examples, 
their majors. I have to question the university's 

Although most Revelle students motives. General Education require-
would agree diat a couple of English ments are fine when they arc appro-
courses will help them out in life, priate for someone's education. 
five courses seems excessive. And However, many of these lower-di-
why shouia an engineering major _ vision courses are a waste of time 

The Guardian is overflowing with money. 

OPINION 7 

acting, profcsaional aporta, poli-
tics or whatever one has dreamed 
of since childhood. The catch here 
is that this path involves the great-
est risk. If a student wants to be 
an actor, he has to invest serious 
time and money waiting for his big 
break. If he fails, he will probably 
be in debt and inevitably have to 
take the office job he shunned in 
the first place. 

But should anyone successfully 
achieve his ultimate goal, he will 
have reached the greatest height. 
He'll reap a massive salary -
with minimal work - success-
fully combining life's two most 
cov~ted goals: time and money. 
And the money can usually buy 
more time. A hearty congratula-
tions to anyone bold enough to 
choose this route. Good luck. 

For the rest of the UCSD 
graduating class: Do not fear. June 
is still far away, and time remains 
for that final decision. Perhaps I'll 
see you at the border ... 

and are of little interest to anyone 
taking them. 

Students spend extra quarters 
on courses which will have noth-
ing to do with their future careers, 
while the university receives that 
much more money. For the next 
couple of years, UC fees will prob-
ably continue to increase, and GEs 
will continue to force students to 
remain in college much longer 

We have no choice but to hand it out to students. All you have to do is write for Opinion. Call 534-6582 for information. 



8 NEWS 

THEFT: Police 
SUSpect burglary 
was an inside job 
Continued from .,.,. 1 
lost, and the only people who have 
access to them are office employ-
ees. 

Student Center Operations 
Manager Matt Xavier said that his 
office stores the keys in a locked 
box. Sometimes employees lend 
the keys to Student Center staff, he 
added, but the pub's keys were not 
lent to anyone last weekend. 

"It is unlikely the burglar got a 
key from the Student Center of-
fice," Xavier said. 

Carruthers agreed with 
Xavier's assessment. Porter said 
he believes the burglar may have 
used one of the pub's spare keys. 

Porter said the only people he 
allowed to have keys were two of 
his managers. He added that other 
university departments have ac-
cess to the keys, including Univer-
sity Centers maintenance and the 
UCSD police. 

Carruthers said he believes 
Porter does not distribute his keys 
wisely, citing a time when Porter 
gave a key to the person delivering 
his bread. 

Porter acknowledged he occa-
sionally lends out his keys, but 
that the pub's security is not com-
promised. 

"The brand of keys the univer-
sity uses is pretty much impos-
sible to copy," he said. 

He added that regardless of 
where the burglar got a key, he or 
she had to know about the false 
shelf to get the money. 

Porter said he believes anyone, 
including non-employees, could 
have seen him open the shelf. In 

addition, he lIid he has complete 
trust in his employees. 

"It was definitely not an inside 
job: he said. 

Detective O'DeI\ said he be-
lieves the burglar is likely one of 
the pub's employees, and that Por- ' 
ter does not want to accept it. He 
said that employee thefts are com-
monplace. 

Carruthers maintains that if 
Porter had a secure place - such 
as a safe - to put his earnings, as 
well as an alarm system, he would 
not have this type of problem. 

As a result of the theft, Porter 
said he will ' purchase a safe, as 
well as a new alarm system. He 
said the pub's employees did not 
set the current alarm system Satur-
day morning because it is ineffec-
tive. 

In addition, Carruthers said the 
university will install new locks in 
the pub. He added that there will 
be "another level of restriction," 
so that fewer people will have ac-
cess to the keys. 

Porter said his insurance com-
pany has not yet decided if it will 
cover the loss. 

Porter's Pub opened in January 
1993. According to UCSD police 
records, the pub suffered one grand 
theft in 1993, and one burglary in 
1994. 

The first incident resulted in a 
loss of $2,005. Porter said the 
thief was able to break in be-
cause the front doors were either 
left unlatched, or the intruder had 
a key. He said the university re-
inforced the doors after that inci-
dent. 

The second incident did not 
result in a monetary loss. Porter 
said unknown individuals broke 
the locks on the doors and drank 
most of the beer. 

The UCSD Ouardilft 

PROTEST: Regent 
calls affinnative action 'a 
dead issue' 
ContInued from .... 2 
live action and urged students to "stick with 
this long-range figbt." 

"Women and many different ethnic 
groups have been discriminated against 
ever since I can remember, and affirmative 
action is an attempt to correct these 
wrongs," Stem said. 

A.S. Vice President of External Affairs 
and No Retreat! member Brian Dowd said 
Davies contacted No Retreat! before the 
rally. 

Davies referred to affirmative action as a 
"dead issue" during their conversation, Dowd 
said. 

"He made it clear that he was not going to 
make himself accessible to students or their 
opinions," he added. 

Davies was unavailable for comment. 
However, Dowd said Davies plans to meet 

with a small group of UCSD students within 
the next week. 

Students plan to speak with Davies about 
such issues as creating a student task force 
and the proposed 7.1 percent student fee 
increase. 

No Retreat! members have recently criti-
cized Davies' ties to Gov. Pete Wil-
son. The two were roommates at UC 
Berkeley's BoaltHall School of Law, 
and Davies, a Wilson appointee to 
the UC Board of Regents, has report-

ed�y made $17,700 of contributions 
to Wilson's political campaigns. 

United: (above) UCI student Cesar 
Cruz demonstrates Monday In front 
of the Koll Center office building. 

SlIM: (below) Several UC50 and 
UCI students carry placards 
conveying their displeasure with 
the UC regents' July 20 decision 
to end UC afflrmative·action 
programs. 

Thunday, November 9,1995 Thunday,November9,l995 

MEMORIAL: 
Mayor Golding 
present at ceremony 
ContInued from ..... 1 

"It was amazing to see such a 
Jewish presence in San Diego, but 
[this tragedy] is uniting the non-
Jewish community as well," 
Abramson said. 

"Nothing like this has ever hap-
pened in Israel," hudded. "This is 
their JfK." 

ThOlJCSD O .... rdian NEWS 9 

Lights 
Sirens~ .... ~ 

Lights & Sirens is II selection of 
entries compiled from the log book 
of the UCSD Police Department. 

from lot 355 for blocking the road. 
12:00 p.m.: A white Cushman cart 
was involved in a sin~rty 8CC~ 
dent on Matthew Ln. by the Student 

Wed., Nov. 1 Health Center. The driver fell from 
10:110 Lm.: A non-injury accident the cart and struck her head on the 
occurred at the Robinson Building pavement. Transported to Scripps 
loading dock between two university Hospital by paramedics. folding chairs set up inside the 

synagogue were quickly filled with 
those who attended the service, 
while hundreds of others crowded 
into side aisles. Loudspeakers were 
installed outside to make the ser-
vice accessible to audie,," mem-
bers unable to enter. 

YIIM:N ZokNIfev/Gualfll~ 

OUtpourlnc: Attendees unable to find a seat Inside the crowded 
synagogue listen to the service over outside loudspeakers. 

vehicles. 12:15 p.m.: A student reported re-
Thurs., Nov. 2 ceivlng annoying phone calls at Argo 
1:43 •• m.: Units and the SOFD Hall. 
responded to a fire alarm at Pacific T ..... , Nov. 7 
Hall. Caused by smoke from the 11:30 •• m.: A student reported the 
building's vacuum pump, which had - theft of a green Trek 820 G27 bike 
run out of oil. Maintenance not;' from the RIMAC racks. Loss: $350. 

San Diego Mayor Susan 
Golding was among several promi-
nent community members present 

. at the service. 
"We are here to honor someone 

who meant a great deal not only to 
the state of Israel, but also the 
world,· she said. 

Several speaken discussed 
highlights of Rabin's life, as well 
as the impact his death might have 
on peace negotiations in Israel. 

"We now facethe burning ques-
tion that the death of Prime Minis-
ter Rabin holds for us ... the ability 
of a fanatic's bullet to change the 
future: speaker Jerry Goldberg 
said. 

Many UCSD students said they 
attended the scrvice in an attempt 
to find solace in tbewake of Rabin's 
assassination last Saturday. 

'" was shocked to the point 
where there are no worda," said 

Leeor Alpern, president of the San 
Diego Israel Public Affairs Com-
mittee. "Students need somewhere 
to tum for comfort." 

Revelle senior Allison Pieter, 
president of the UCSD Union of 
Jewish Students, called Rabin's as-
sassination "a senseless tragedy. " 

Pieter added that amid the an-
guish, it is essential for Rabin's 
murder "not to interfere with the 
peace process." 

Despite the somber mood held 
throughout the service, a scnse of 
optimism seemed to emerge peri-
odically throughout the evening. 

A majority of the speakers u-
scrted that the viole,," directed 
against the peace process - mani-
fested in Rabin's assassination -
has only strengthened the will of 
mainstream Israelis to fight for 
peace. 

"The greatest tribute to Rabin 
would be for peace to suc:c:eed,· 
Golding said. "(Extremists) must 
know that their bullet did no good, 

AMT~AK (ALI~Q~NIA 
TO AND ~~OM S(WQQl 

~AS ITS ADVANTA6~S. 
When it's time for a weekend trip home or a 

break from school, take Amtrak California! 
The trains of California, and connecting shuttle 

buses, can take you juSt about anywhere in the state, 
without the hassle of driving. There's no easier or 
more economical way to-get there and back. 

Aboard the train you can sit back and relax, catch 
up on homework, have a snack, or just liste1'). to some 
good music. The trains are comfortable, and have 
plenty of room to haul your stuff. 

Check out the super low roundtrip fares from 
San Diego aboard either Amtrak California's daily 
San Diegans and/or San Joaquins. And with Amtrak's 
new Student Advantage card, it's more affordable 
than ever! Annual enrollment in Student Advantage 
is only $20 and youll receive a 15% discount on our 
already low fares everytime you ride Amtrak. 

So, next time take the train for the ultimate trip 
home, or for a msjor break from school. 

Roundtrip 
Faretl With SA Card Savi...,. 

Anaheim .•••••.•• $27 .. _ $23 . - .. $4 
Los Angeles ....... $32 ... $27 . - .. $5 
Yosemite ..•...... $91 .. _ $77 . __ $14 
Sacramento ..••..• $86 ... $73 ... $13 
Marine World ... _ . $90 ... $77 ... $13 
San Francisco •... _ $86 . , _ $73. , , $13 

tt-+ Amtrak California 
"II["'" A ptt1rlfrship ~ CMtrans IfId Amlrllc 

1b I'IIIIIIb'm .m.tuiII and faree, a)1ltad. your eo'" tnftl-w. ... Amtrak 
at 1-800-USA-RAIL. ac- rwt:rictioN may appI)' 1b -PPlY Ilr yaur ........ 
Mr.' •• ~ cmd, CIIl1~ W8aIian ODdeCAL 1_ 

nor will it do any good in the fu-
ture." 

Rabbi Jay Miller, vice preaident 
of the San Diego Rabbinical Soci-
ety and an instrumental figure in 
organizing the memorial service, 
emphasized the importance of a 
worldwide struggle for peace. 

"Something needs to happen," 
MiUersaid. "In seeking peace, Rabin 
was a hero, but this is a wakc-up caD. 
The peace process is fragile, (and] 
one person can't be oounled on. Ev-
eryone needs to join in. .. 

Rabin, who shared the 1994 
Nobel Peace Prize with Vuscr 
Arafat and Shimon Perez, was fa-
tally shot at a peace rally Saturday 
morning by a 25-year-old, right-
wing, Jewish extremist. 

The assassin, identified at Yigal 
Amir, confessed to the shooting 
and told investigators that he was 
acting on the word of God. 

Rabin was buried Monday at 
the Mount HerzI cemetary, outside 
of Jerusalem. 

fled. 5:05 p.m_: A student reported the 
FrI., Nov. 3 vandalism ofa car window In lot 604. 
10:42 Lm.: A student reported the Loss: $400. 
theft of a JouIrc stroller from a bike 5:45 p.m.: A student reportad inde-
rack on Miramar Rd. Loss: $80. cent exposure in lot 309. 
s.t., Nov. 4 10:20 p.m.: A student reported the 
1:40 p.m.: A non-Injury accident oc· burglary of a white '92 Honda Pre-
curred In lot 207 between a black lude in lot 103. Loss: $1.500. 
'93 Chevrolet Impala and a red '90 WICI.., Nov. 8 
Mazda MX6. 12:10 p.m.: A student reported Inde-
.:O~ p.m.: A temporary em~ cent exposure in lot 354. 
suffered unconsciousness from a 2:00 p.m.: An ls.,ear-01d male stu-
migraine at Top of the Quad. Trans- dent was arrestad at lot 417 for 
ported to Scripps Hospital by para- misuse of a handicapped placard. 
medics. Cited and released. 
SUR., Nov. 5 4:01 p.m.: Par1d", enforcement 
8:10 Lm.: A graduate student auf- towed an abandoned brown '78 
fered a stiff neck at Miramar 5t. Toyota Corolla from Miramar Rd. 
Sought prlvete treatment. Stored at StBI TowIfII. 
1.0:110 p.m.: A non-lnjury accident 7:00 p.m.: A non-IIlury accident oc-
occurred at Equality Ln. between a curred between a white '91 Chevrolet 
university vehicle and a blue '90 pickup truck and a tree. 
Mazda. 7:31 p.m.: A stair member reported 
Mon., Nov, 8 the theft of a R~ Union G18 bike 
...40 ..... : A non-affiliate reported from the east side of Pacific Hall. 
the theft of a Cushman cart from the Loss: $225. 
Marshall apartments. Loss: $2.500. 
11:30 Lm.: Parkl", enforcement 
Impounded a white '88 Honda Civic 

Ready to get down to business? 

Wondering what you'll do when you 
"... :,i . -VtIIIIIf$J • .;. graduate? ,~ ~.~ . In 131h months, you can transform '. ~!iQq . ~ ~-, your interest in the world of politics, 

_. ~ __ .~ .economicsandinternationalarrairs 
~ tei:"ch&II"It b-:" ",~ ' into usab~e skills a~d knowl,edge . Q\1dI~ CJIIPOI'l: ~ ~ by attendmg the Saint Mary s MBA In 
, ~ ~::::~~~ International Business Program. 

tor ~ ~1:JeCk- -;'1amd- fUwaid We seek capable, highly moti-
. ~ ~ ~ & saWf vated students from a wide variety 
'. ~arG.:m. ~ c:. . of undergraduate majors for this 

~~ C1t ~PalO ft.,llO, intensive but rewarding program. =: . ~: 9411'\ _ Previous business experience is 
_ Ift\Il\\- - bIIRk not a prerequisite for admission. :.= ~ oftef5 Pt:-,=, \no , Call, write or FAX us and we'll 

cet\eI1\ ~ ~ R\m seeI<S tell you more. 
~..e ~~ (510)631-4500· 
ateI· t:f1l\I'~ lndU&VY ~ FAX: (510) 376-6521 

...... e .. 
5N

-' .... _ MBA & '* 

SAINT 
MARY'S 
COLLEGE 
Of CALIFORNIA 

P.O. 8014240, Moraga, CA 94575 



10 The UCSD Guardian Thursday, November 9, 1995 

SOMETIMES, 
You GET HAT 

You PAY FOR ... 
ITH HEAlTH NET, 

You GET 
A LOT MORE 

Flexibility and Choice - We proudly offer UC Medical Centers to our HMO and 
Seniority Plus Members through one of the largest physician and hospital networks in California. 

Proven Member Satisfaction - In a recent California employer coalition survey, 
Health Net received one of the highest overall member satisfaction ratings for a statewide 
network HMO. In our own member survey, a majority of members indicated they would 

recommend Health Net to a friend. 

Commitment to Wellness. - Health Net Members have access to a variety of 
wellness programs to help you stay healthy whether school is in session or not, including 

significant discounts at Family Fitness" Cent<:rs, 24 Hour Nautilus™ and LensCrafters. 

For more information, call Health Net at 1-800-64~2004. 

Be Well With Health Net. 

Visit the Health Net booth at the Benefits Fair, 
Thursday, November 16, 1995, 11:00 a.m. - 3:00 p.m. 

UC San Diego 
Price Center 

HEALTHNET® 
California's Health Pian 

UCSD GUARDIAN ARTS II ENTERTAINMENT NOV E M BE R 9 , 1995 

CRAWFORD'S 
DEBUT 

see page H16 

StOnthe reet 
1i1~ 
Th ••• film. will b_e In 
the.t .. tomorrow. 

• Nicolas Cage plays an alcoholic 
who fa lls in love with a prostitute 
(Elizabeth Shue) in Mike Figgis' 
grim Leaving Las Vegas, which 
opens at the Hillcrest Cinemas. 

• Jim Carrey returns in his sequel 
Ace Ventura II: When Nature CaJIs, 
which opens at theaters through-
out San Diego. 

• Josh Hamilton, Olivia D'Abo, 
Parker Posey, Chris Eigeman and 
Eric Stoltz star in Kicking and 
Screaming, a comedy about four 
men who experience a mid-life 
crisis. It opens all he Hillcrest Cin-
emas. 

Th... .....ma will be In 
rec:ord stores on lu .... y. 

• Folk singer Tracy Chapman at-
tempts a comeback with the ap-
propriately titled New Begi1llling. 

• The Rolling Stones will release 
Stripped, an album of 14 songs 
recorded live in Europe. . 

• Epic Records will re-release 
Unwritten Law's Blue Room. 

i'lr.~ 
• Gene Hackman and Denzel 
Washington battle over control of 
a nuclear submarine in Crimson 
Tide, due in stores on Tuesday. 

• Tickets are on sale now for 
Skunk Anansie, which will per-
form with Teengenerate and The 
Loons at 8:30 p.m. on Nov. 29 at 
the Casbah. Tickets are $6. Info: 
232-4355. 

• Tickets are on sale now for the 
Japanese pop band Shonen Knife, 
which will perform with Bloodloss 
(featuringMudhoney's Mark Arm) 
at8:30p.m. on Dec. 7 allheCasbah. 
Tickets are $8. Info: 232-4355. 

• Tickets go on sale Saturday at 
10 a.m. for the Red Hot Chili 
Peppers, who will perform with 
Flaming Lips at 7:30 p.m. on 
Dec. 27 allhe Sports Arena. Info: 
220-TIXS. 

• Tickets arc on sale now for 
Ratdog, a band featu ring Bob W cir 
and Rob Wasserman of the Grate-
ful Dead, which will play at 8 p.m. 
on Dec. 10 at the 4th & B. Tickets 
are $25 in advance. Info: 220-
TIXS. 

Athough subtitled "a heterosexual movie," gay writer/director Greg Araki's film, The Doom Generation, has plenty to do with homosexuality. After all, Xavier Red (Johnathon Schaech) first meets up with Jordan White (James Duval) and Amy Blue (Rose 
McGowan) as he's trying to escape a gangofgay-bashers. Perhaps the subtitle is intended to broaden the appeal of Araki'saudience. 

If so, it's a wise move, because the film 's most significant contribution is its exposure of the violence of gay-bashing. On the other hand, 

the extreme gore (a head is decapitated, a limb severed) and the seemingly amoral altitudes of its three protagonists may clear out the theater 

before Araki's point is made. 

Much like Natural Bom Killers or 
Kalifomia, Doom is a road movie. But while 
neither Killers nor Kalifomia approached 
their subjects with this much black humor, 
Doom is pure camp. 

From thc start, Amy knows Xavier is bad 
news. After he climbs into her and Jordan's 
car, he's so rude to her that she leaves him on 
a empty stretch of highway. But when a 
convenience store clerk threatens Amy and 
Jordan with a gun, Xavier blows the guy's 
head off - making him indispensable to the 
young couple. Aftcr scrambling to collect as 
many cigarette packages as they can, the 
three flee the scene of the crime, killing and 
maiming others who threaten them. 

When they aren 't blowing away fast food 
workcrs or poolhall patrons, the three en-
gage in some pretty twisted sexual practices. 
As Jordan and Amy make love in the bathtub 
one night, Xavier spies on them in the door-
way, masturbating and eventually licking 

the semen off his hand. As if that weren't 
gross enough, Amy licks her fingers after 
inserting them in Xavier's rectum during 
sex. Jordan also observes Amy and Xavicr 
copulating from a nearby window and he, 
too, masturbates. 

The final scene is the kicker, though. All 
three mingle together on a bed - bodies 0 
tangled, it's impos ible to tell who's fucking 
whom. With this scene, Araki returns to the 
theme of gay-bashing by having the three 
assaultcd by a group of rcdnecks. The final 
bloodbath is overdone, but it makes Araki 's 
point about hQmophobia resonate. 

From the blood that spouts from severed 
limbs to the talking decapitated head, Doom 
is complctely over the top. Heidi Flciss, 
Perry Farrell and Christopher Knight (from 
the original "Brady Bunch") all make cam-
eos, but Doom has enough of a serious under-
current to make it a contender for cult-movie 
stardom. 



HIATUS 12 

The Entertainer 
Harry Connick, Jr. keeps 
RIMAC crowd's attention 

By Marianne VIgil 
Senior Staff Writer 

Harry Connick, Jr. spent Sunday 
evening getting back to 
his roots. But by the end 
of the night, it seemed he 
may have been barking 
up the wrong tree. 

Connick and his New 
Orleans-style "Funk 
Band" regaled an enthu-
siastic, if rather meager, 
crowd at RIMAC arena 
with two hours of what 
he called "New Orleans 
Street Beat" - taken almost entirely 
from his 1994 album, She. 

Gone was the suave big-band 
leader and the endearing jazz-pop 
artist. Instead, Connick donned an 
old tank top and drooping pants (he 
borrowed a belt from an audience 
member halfway into the ShOW) and 
charged headlong into an unstruc-
tured mazeof"funk" music-sound-
ing improvisational and unfocused, 
rather than innovative. 

Though the beat of his first few 
songs got the people on the floor 
dancing, his ponderous instrumental 
journeys soon lost the enthusiasm of 
even the most devoted fans. 

His flair for entertainment, how-
ever, did not fail him. His frequent 
dancing interludes and his promise to 
the audience, stating-"I am in love 
with you tonight" - kept all eyes on 
him. . 

He also boldly paraded his musi-
cal prowess by not only playing pi-
ano but by also taking turns on the 
Hammondorgan,thebassguitar,elec-
tric guitar, drums, trumpet and bon-

gos. As he said, "It 's my show, and I 
can play anything the hell I want'" 

In fact, perhaps one of the most 
entertaining parts of the 
evening was his endear-
ingly honest confessions 
about his bad hair day (it 
was cropped short for the 
upcoming movie "Inde-
pendence Day"), his lack 
ofa belt, his opinion of the 
Wonder Twins and his 
anxieties over the effects 
ofhis "chicken fiesta" din-
ner. 

111oughConnick'schangeofstyie 
may have been a disappointment for 
the fans of his earlier albums, his 
choice of fellow musicians was cer-
tainly not. All well-known artists, the 
members of the "Funk Band" capti-
vated the crowd with theirexpressive 
gestures and "we're just up here hav-
ing fun" interactions. 

Tony Hall, formerly with the 
Neville Brothers, was on the bass 
guitar; Raymond Weber played the 
drums; and Lucian Bamarin on the 
horns provided the sophistication and 
agility of a gifted trombone player. 
Jonathan Dubose on guitar fingered 
the intricate wanderings of his blues 
solos with ease, while emphasizing 
every note with exaggerated facial 
expressions and hip gyrations. 

As the concert moved forward 
- and Connick got past his rock 
version of "Junco Partner" with an 
impressive guitar solo - he went 
into a rambling rendition of "Big 
Chief." Things truly got swinging 
as he wandered back to some of his 
older tunes. 

---_'.21f2' ' 5 • p-
;V0/9/7]C/ (7Vfl 

(jJddIlJ ~; 
~;;:,,;':':' HlJlOA (]3.L5Y/,\ 

~~J.N3'53 'oa~ 
/01/ 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, November 9,1995 

Bn on the run: The band Truckstop goes on tour after stealing a van of equipment in Michael 
Gallinsky and Suki Hawley's film Ha/f-Cocked, which shows tomorrow at the Wickiup Cafe . 

Aiming High on a Low Budget 
The independeTit film, Half-Cocked, shows 
the communal side of the indie rock scene 

By Jeff Nlesel 
Hiatus Editor 

Half-Cocked, a movie about five 
twentysomethings who 
steal a van of sound equip-
ment and go on tour, is set 
in the clubs and indepen-
dent record stores of lou-
isville, Chattanooga and 
Nashville. But the movie 
could take place anywhere 
in the U.S. 

Although not a docu-
mentary, the film shows the energy 
and sense of community that exists 
on the indie music scene, which is 
what director Suki Hawley and cin-

ernatographer Michael Gaiii nsky had 
hoped. 

"That's one thing we were trying 
to accomplish. The film is 
set in the South but it could 
be anywhere," Gallinsky 
said by phone from Los 
Angeles. The film lacks a 
distributor, so Gallinsky 
and Hawley have taken it 
on the road, showing it at 
small clubs and record 
stores throughout thecoun-

try. It screens tomorrow at 9 p.m. at 
the Wickiup Cafe in University 
Heights (4247 Park Blvd.). 

Comparisons to Richard 

Linklater'sSlacker,a film which fol-
lows an eclect ic cast of characters 
through the clubs and cafes of Au -
tin, Texas, are inevitable, but Hawley 
and Gallinsky insist their film differs 
from Slacker-at least thematically. 

"We were trying to do a post-
Slacker kind of thing. We wanted to 
show people who get t0s.ether and 
complete a project," Gallinsky said. 
"In fact, in our original version ev-
eryone was doing productive things, 
but there was no conflict." 

The connict in Half-Cocked 
comes when Tara (Tara O'Neill) 
steals a van full of musical instru-

See COCKED, page H14 

K I 

THEy'RE 
COMING. 

http://www.mca.com/universal_plctures/12 

Thursday, November 9, 1995 The UCSD Guardian HIAruS 13 

Dirty Deeds 
Director of 'Americas Most Wanted' 
makes film debut with Dirty Money 

By Dan Okada 
Guardian Reporter ' 

Frederick Deane and James Bruce ambi-
tiously set out to create an indepen-
dent, low-budget violent action! 
thriller with Dirty MOrley. If the 
name James Bruce sounds familiar, 
it is because he's a frequent director 
of the TV show "America's Most 
Wanted." 

Although Bruce has numerous 
other big-screen films to his credit, 
Money has the most in common 
with a typical" America's Most Wanted" epi-
sode- minus the commentary ,of course. For 
a low-budget film, MOrley is a brief (83 min-
utes), but thrilling picture. 

The story behind the production of this 
$50,000 film is just as entertaining as the 
movie itself, as its filming turned into an 18-
month ordeal, where scenes were only shot on 
weekends or whenever Bruce and Deane had 
the time. With such sporadic scheduling, it is 
not surprising that the film crew consisted of 
whatever help the pair could find - from 
friends to fellow filmmakers . 

Throughout the production, the film was 
shot almost entirely on-the-fly, giving Money 
a refreshingly different look from the high 
budget, over-produced films. To add to this 
look, the cast consists almost exclusively of 
regulars from "America 's Most Wanted." 

What separates Malley from an episode of 
"Most Wanted" is that it is the victim of the 
crime who actually leads the perpetrators 
through a harrying chase from L.A. down to 

Tijuana. Money begins with silent surveil-
lance camera footage ofa robbery in progress, 
adding a touch of realism to the opening 

sequence. Shortly threreafter, the 
film shifts over to Sam Reed (played 
by Frederick Deane himself), who 
tries to reconcile with his wife after 
an altercation - wine and flowers in 
hand. 

While en route to meet with his 
wife, Reed stops his car to help some 
stranded motorists. The motorists 
steal his car and, later on in the film, 

murder his wife, believing he has something 
of theirs that they desperately need returned. 
Due to circumstances beyond Reed's control, 
the police have him fingered as the murderer 
- making him a fugitive on the run. 

Despite the overwhelming odds, Reed con-
tinuously evades both police detectives, 
Walker(Charmagne Eckert) and Stone (David 
JeanThomas), and the criminals, Frank (Timo-
thy Patrick Cavanaugh) and Tommy (Biff 
Yeager), as he heads south to Mexico to 
escape certain death. 

Money succeeds as an entertaining, high-
action joyride. Granted, a low-budget film 
such as Money won't be winning any awards 
on the basis of originality or production qual-
ity, but it may be worth watching just for the 
thrill of following the suspenseful chase 
through familiar places and territories. ironi-
cally, numerous scenes were shot in Balboa 
Park and 4th Street - not far from the Ken 
Cinema, where the film will show for three 
days starting tomorrow. 

BREW YOUR OWN 
BRAND YOUR OWN 

NOW FOR THE HOLIDAYS 
AT OUR BREWERY 

5553 learny Villa Road 

III 
... 

GIFT CERTIFICATES 
AVAILABLE 

r---------, 
! F ! 
: BREWER'S UNION : 
I T-SHIRT .1 
• OR PUB GLASS : 
: $1 5.00 VAlUE I 
I. wilh yoor fiT$t purchase. II 

Valid only wilh coupon. 
I Expires 11/15/95 I 

-----........ ·L _________ .I 

Courtesy of Sleven Burns 
Wanted man: Director James Bruce on the set of Dirty Money, which opens tomorrow. 

KSDT 
R A 0 I 0 Guardian Salvation ARM Y 

PRESENT 
Thursday November 16th 1995 

YA L 

A Benefit for San Diego's Homeless 
with local talent 

B-SIDE PLAYERS 
SEE SPOT GROOVE 

PHAZZ 
THE NEIGHBORS 
KILL HOLIDAY 

5 to 10 p.m. - Student Pub 
Please bring two cans of food for admission 

Or face a $5 COl'er charge 

,-



HIATUS 14 

Dancers Stand On 
Tbetrown 

Students seek recognition 
with 'Five Toes, One Foot' 

By Michelle Ke.sler 
Guardian Reporter 

Five UCSD dance students will 
combine their talents to 
present "Five Toes, One 
Foot!" on Saturday and 
Sunday at the Isaacs, 
McCaleb & Dancers Stu-
dio in Hillcrest (270-4333). 
The show, described by 
choreographer Paula 
Present as "an exploration 
of modem and experimen-
tal dance," will feature di-
verse choreography performed by 20 
dancers. During a recent interview, 
Present spoke about the upcoming 
performance. 
Guardian: What inspired you 

to create "F"'we Toes, One 
Foof'? 

Present: We've all been quite in-
tensely involved in the 
dance program for awhile, 
and it's been great having 
support from UCSD. But 
now, we thought it would 
be great to go on our own 
and see if we could put on 
our own show. It 's all col-
lectively done, and we 
want to make it as profes-
sional as possible. 

We're also graduating soon, so 
we wanted to go out into the commu-
nity and put on a show all by our-
selves to see what the process of 
putting it together entails. 

The UCSD Guardian 

Courtesy of Brian Null 
Laapof Faith: Paula Present will perform in "Five Toes, One 
Foot!" 

I. there any particular pro- What are your hopes for the 
feasor that has inspired you? show? 

We have all worked with Jean 
Isaacs, who is great. We all started 
w)th her, and although she is not 
involved with this project, the show 
is at her studio. We've all taken her 
classes. 

Lots of attendance. We want 
people to love it. And we're hoping 
forpublicnotice,especially from pro-
fessional dancers. We want people to 
lake our dancing seriously. This isn 't 
just a hobby; this is a possible career. 

Thursday, November 9,1995 

COCKED: Film 
goes on the f,?ad 
Contlnued from page H12 
ments belonging to The Guilloteens, 
a pretentious local act fronted by her 
brother. Accompanied by four of her 
friends (played by members of the 
rock bands Rodan, Crain and Ruby 
Falls), Tara .takes the group, which 
calls itselfTruckstop, on a shoestring 
tour. While the five struggle to eat 
and find adequate housing, they are 
assisted along the way by local bands 
such as the Grifters, who help them 
book shows and find places to stay. 

Gallinsky and Hawley first met 
through their connections in the mu-
sic scene. Gallinsky was a member of 
Sleepyhead and Hawley traveled with 
her roommate's group, Ruby Falls. 
They said the idea to make a film 
based on the indie rock scene came 
naturally. 

"The film went through several 
mutations. 1 was working on a film as 
an assistant to a director. r realized it 
wasn't beyond my abilities to make a 
feature," Hawley said. "Mike sug-
gested w~ make a movie, and I 
thought, 'Yeah, right. ' 1 was half 
kidding, and he was serious. We both 
had toured through Chattanooga and 
Louisville, and the Rocket house [a 
communal house shared by the band 
members] was a hub for these bands. 
It was a friendly, sympathetic, nur-
turing place. We wanted to capture 
that on film ." 

'ADMIT ONE' 
I FREE WITH PAID ADMISSION I 
I AMERICA'S FUNNIESTTOURING COMICS I I Fri. 9pm • Sat 8:30 & 1 

I 
I 
I 
I SAN DIEGO 
I VAWYI 
I Reservations Suggested' 092-3800 I E>cpIrodon ,-

Sunday 
(h1J[p(\,~ 

IJ 7V'. IJt· BIg ~ 
DtInk~ 

pool-darts 
10 beers on tap 
123 Plaza- Solana Beach 

Corner of Hwy 101 
& Lomas Sante Fe 
755·9474 

Thundey, November 9, 1995 

British-pop 
Invades the States 

Oasis and Blur are just two of 
several British bands struggling 
to make their mark in the U.S. 

By Scott LonJIey 
Guardian Reporter 

As Oaz Coombes, the 19-year-
old singer of Super grass, 
introduced "Caught by 
the Fuzz" - the "brother 
in trouble" pop classic 
- at a recent show at the 
CaSbah, it became easy 
to picture how British-
pop bands could take on 
the world. 

A small fraction of 
the venue-size the band 
would warrent in Brit-
ain, the Casbah is intimate enough 
to enable the crowd to spot the first 
patches of facial hair emerging on 
the singer's chin. But as the group 
rattles off a succession of three-
minute masterpieces from its debut, 
I Should CoCo, it's impossible to 
believe it will be playing in dog 
holes much longer. 

Indeed, from a selection that in-
cludes Blur, Oasis, Pulp, the 800 
Radleys, Elastica, Black Grape and 
many more, Supergrass is often cited 

as the Brit-pop band most likely to 
make it across the pond. . 

Brit-pop groups proclaim their 
nationality with youth-
ful abandon. According 
to the lyrics of these 
groups, England was first 
into the Industrial Revo-
lution and the first out of 
it - as well as a land 
which lost an empire, 
failed to find a new role, 
gave up the chase and 
now has hit the pubs. 
Reviews of recent re-

leases by Blur and Oasis have con-
centrated on their parochialism, par-
tial steals, influences and blatant 
plagiaris.ms. Here's a rundown of 
some of the recent releases by Brit-
pop acts: 

Blur, JJte Ctwt &ape 
(Vfr&In Records): Damon Albarn 
of Blur makes no protest at the per-
ceived influence of Ray Davies, The 
Specials and TbeJam. Blur's music 
contains a familiar suburban my-
thology of slcreotypical social quirks 

272~8540 
,\40r6 Gf\'K~E\ 

DISCOUNT BEAUTY 
SU PPLY , SALON 

Lowest Prices In 
Town ... Guaranteedl 

We'll Beat Any 
competitor's Prices! 

All ...... Profe.8Ional Hal' ea .. Line. 
lneluclllll: 
+ PMJI. MITCHEl.&. 
+8OHI1 
+T1OI 
+JOICO 
+MM 

+HlXXU8 
+ZIRftAH 

+~ZA 
+HA8TSY 

+TRI 
+~nNI 
+8IOGINOI. 
+ .. DKIN 

The UCSD Guardian H1A1l1S 15 

Cour1lty 01 Donafd MItne 
More Brtts wItII funny .... reuts: With its debut album I Should CoCo, Supergrass - which recently 
performed at the Casbah - hopes to make It big in the United States. 

and sexual innuendoes. The tracks 
"Country House," "Emold Same" 
and "Yuko and Hiro" are quintes-
sential English pop, highlighted by 
examples of glorious wordplay -
such as the pretentious but funny 
"reading Balzac, slipping down 
Prozac." It's top stuff. 

OasIa, twh.If's the Story} 
.omln. Glory (Columbl. 
Recorda): Oasis still rocks out, 
but singer Noel Gallagher moves on 
from the "Cigarettes and Alcohol" 
of the band's debut album, Defi-
nitely Maybe, to the more debauched 
"Champagne Supernova." He only 

stops to contemplate the debilitat-
ing effects that life in a rock 'n' roll 
band can have on a relationship in 
the majestic "Don't look Back in 
Anger." The only disappointing 
track on the album is the abysmal 
"Roll With It," which was released 
as a single~o compete with Blur's 
"Country House ... The war of words 
that ensued between the two bands 
culminated in Gallagher's unfortu-
nate comment that he wished Damon 
Albam of Blur would contract AIDS. 

Bt.:k G ...... , Ifs Qrwt to 
be S"."Io .. Y""(R8CIINc-
Iv. Recorda): The title to Black 

Grape's debut is not only ironic, but 
it also confirms the songwriting ge-
nius of Shaun Ryder (formerly of 
Happy Mondays). "Reverend Black 
Grape" and "Tramazi Party" reveal 
Ryder's skewed imagination. The 
world surely lies althe fcctofRyder, 
woo can drop such lyrical pearls as 
"Neil Armstrong, Astronaut, bad 
balls bigger than King Kong, first 
one big suit on the moon, and be's 
asked to play golf, hole in one." 

_ .... ,M.mce~ 
don Recorda): Menswear is a 
pale Blur imitation whose debut 
weakly compares with other acts. 

DoIIMO 
KouYAli 

+tCH8 
+ PAUl. 8ROWN 
+tHAGI + enMTW4 (HaIr ccnlmaIIe uPi 

7770 Ret ... Rd. 
~sCenter) 

554-0608 
11. UnIvenIIy A.,., 

(Just off 5th In HIIaest) 
2M-1OIO 

HIIIn: ...,. 10:1, III. 10-7, 
8un.11 .. 

........... 

.... 1 =1 , 

..... ' . 
G.A.IU. "'Cliii ... n .n •• mll1 

•• In OllIe 1J4-nx • 'N..! = .~- .. --
-



HJA1\JS 16 

Supermodel in Action 
Cindy Crawford makes her 
film debut in Fair Game 

By ElysIa PellMIIno 
Guardian Reporte, 

Not counting her Unzipped 
cameo, Filir Game ~ 
resents the ' anxiously 
awaited film debut of 
supermodel Cindy 
Crawford. Unfortu-
nately, it 's little rnorcthan 

, a vehicle to showcase her 
good looks. 

Crawford plays Kate 
McOuean, a Miami-
based civil' lawyer, who 
bccomes the target of a 
ruthless group of ex-KGB embez-
zlers when she repossesses a ship I;S 
part of a divorce settlement. 
Oawford's transition 10 acting is a 
liHIe smoother than that of other 
supennodcm. but she is a far cry from 
Academy Award-winning material. 

The -game" of the film begins 

...record 

when Kate takes a buUct in her ann 
from a drivc-by shooting. She ends 
up in the office of Detective Max 

Kirkpatrick (William 
Baldwin), and they en-
gage in aacxually fueled 
oonversation. While they 
pique each other's inter-
est, there's not CROUgh of 
a structured plot to pique 
the viewers'. 

It'sootclearifthefilm 
is about the romance be-
tween Kate and Max or a 
potential war between 

Ruasia/Cuba and tbe u.s. The oon-
fIict between the KGB gangsters and 
duo is abandoned midway through, 
as the movie 'shifts its focus to the 
chemistry between Kate and Max. 

Filir Game is not without merit, 
however. The chemistry between 
Baldwin aDd CrIwford is intriguing. 

The OCSD Guardia 

Hold'"1 on: Kate McQuean 
(Cindy Crawford) grabs Lt. Max 
Kirkpatrick (WIlliam Baldwin). 
Throughout the film, Baldwin's per-
formance u a humble hero is believ-
able. The love scene on a freight train 
(reportedly filmed impromptu) is 
probably the best sequence in the 
film due 10 its authenticity. Director 
Andrew Sipes, in his fint feature-
length picture, also succeeds in oom-
bining both elaborate stunts and inti-
mateJCCne:ll into a ooherent depiction 
of Max and Kate's relationship. Filir 
Gamehas plenty of actionscqucnces, 
but they are mostly needIcss filler, 
rather than engroaing M ..... nce. 

~ewews~ __________ __ 

Various Artists 
Super Fantastic Mega Smash Hits! 

Just when everybody thought the 
'7Os were gone and forgotten, this 
1S-track oollec:tion of mven eel-
cbrIte:s K-Tel and Ronco hits of yes-
teryear. . 

Dapitetheldreld malcrial,bands 
such u Smashing Pumpkins(" Jackie 
Bluej and Uncle Tupelo ("'Mavin' 
Onj enliven the 20-year-old tunes 

with their '9Qs IIOUJIds. ous incarnations. Bu. "Kung Fu 
The results vary according to '. Figh.ing" by Fi, Dish and the 

how much the bands choose to 
limper with the orilinals. Rell 
Daisy 's rendition of the theme-song 
from "Welmme Back Kotter" and 
Vic Chesnuu's coverof"The Night 
the Lights Went Out in Georgia" 
sound almost exactly like the previ-

Futbac:k's version of Elton John's 
"Rocket Man- take extensive artis-
tic libtrtles. 

,&per FIIIIIIUtic mixes the '7Os 
and '~ • wen • anyone would 
want. (Pravda Records) 

- TOIIJ .... oGIese 

Thunday, November9,l995 

nrecord 
'--ReVleWS _____ _ 

Blonde Redhead 
La Mia Vita Vio/enta 

Allimcs,BlondcRedheadsounds 
like Sonic youth, twisting chords of 
distorted guitar into dissonant sonp. 
The similarity is not surprisinl, 
though, because Sonic Youth drum-
mer Steve Shelley produced this 
band's first album, • well. signed 
it to his record Iabe~ Smells Like 
Records. But Blonde Redhead is more 
than justa Sonic Youth ripoff, The 
group, which played on 
l.ollipalooa 's second IIIge last sum-
mer, includes two ltaJian.bom br0th-
ers (drummer Simone Pace and 
singer/guitarist Amedeo PIce) and 

two Japanese-born women (bassist 
Toko Yuuda and singer-gUitarist 
Kazu Makino)-aUofwhommet in 
New York. Influenced by experimen-
tal jl22 artists like John Zorn, Blonde 
Redheadoftenchangeltanposwithin 
sonp-playin,loag,esotericguitar 
solos that effectively create different 
moods. At tiines, the music becomes 
tedious, but the vocals have the ur-
gency the music sometimes Iacb. 

Blonde Redheadopelll for Fugazi 
tomorrow at SOMA. (Smells U1te 
Records) 

-Jeff ..... 

Ash 
Trailer 

Ash, one of the youngest bands in 
the current crop of a1tel1!lbabies, 
seems to be suffering from the per-
sonality crisis that most teenagers 
slog through. Its debut album offen 
snappy but unoriginal pop that \VII 
probably IIsI beard .. the local high 
school taIenI show finals. 

The band's playing is straight 
ahead, but IeadsingerTIm Wheeler's 
innocent Irish voice ,ell lost amid 
thefeedbeckand thumpingbaalines. 

Drummer Rick McMumy offers 
hard-driving peradIIion, and baaist 
Mark Hamilton is solid, bu. it', oot 
enough. 

Perhaps IS Ash matures, so will 
its willingness 10 keep the lislener 
guessing. It doesn't have the power, 
mncentration or skin 10 propel it • 
far as its teen peers, Silverdlair. 

Ash will perform toni"" .. the 
Casbah. (Reprise Records) 

- TCIIIJ p.. GIll. 

SF Seals 
Truth Walks in Sleepy Shadows 

On the SF Seals' debut EP,Bae-
boIlTrlIogy, and last year'sNowItere, 
singer/guitarist Barbara Manning fo-
cused on writing songs about the 
trials of romantic relationships. On 
Truth, the focus hassltiftcd. Manning 
(who lived in San DiCJO until age 10) 
writes about childhood fantasies 
("Kid's Pirate Shipj and losing her 
keys ("Locked Outj. 

"I write about what I'm going 
through. In the last 10 years, .I've 
been through four break-ups," Man-
ning said from:a pay phone in Olapel 
Hill, NC. "Trudt isn't much about 
break-ups because I've been single 

for sometime now.' don't miss the 
break-up parts of relationships, but I 
miss the partnership aspect. -

Yet the metapbocs in her seem-
ingly cheerful pop sonp are not 10 
simple. One senses, especially in 
songs like "How Did You Know?" 
and "Pulp," that Manning is still 
smarting from failed relationships. 
Knownfortheirabilityklooversonp 
by other artists, SF SeaJs tum in a 
harrowing oover of John Cale and 
Terry Riley's "Soul of Patrick Lee." 

SFSeaIs perform .. theCubah on 
Wednesday. (Matador Records) 

-Jeff ...... 

The early pioneers 
of America enjoyed 
a special recipe 'of 
strong spirits, natural 
wild herbs and a touch 
of fire-brewed cocoa. 
Here is that drink of the 
frontier_ 

17 SPORTS 

.. 

The UCSD Guardian 

Stan-bagged: On Sun-
day night, Charger 
quarterback Stan 
Humphries took his 
share of licks in 
SanDiego's 
dissapointing 24-14 
loss to the Miami Dol-
phins and Dan Marino, 

Thuraday, November 9, 1995 

midst the din of 61,996 screaming 
Charger fans, the stalwart Miami 
quarterback receives the snap from 
the shotgun, steps back and sur-
veys the scene unfolding before 
him. 

He is fully aware of every-
thing happening on the field. He 
sees Randal Hill sprinting down 
the left sideline, Irving Fryar 
running a slant on the right and 

Eric Green rolling out in the flat. He senses the 
Chargers' bellowing 300-pound lineman collaps-
ing the pocket, yet he hangs in until the last 
possible moment. Then suddenly, with a quick 
release that defies description, he unleashes a 50-
yard bomb to the streaking Hill. Impossibly, the 
ball nestles perfectly into the outstretched hands 
of the diving receiver, who is down at the Charg-
ers' five-yard line. 

The crowd gasps in awe at tbe sheer beauty of 
the play, but a nonchalant Dan Marino jogs down 
the field as if nothing has happe!1ed - and pro-
ceeds to complete the third-quarter touchdown 
drive. This is Dan Marino after all, a guy who is 
used to making the impossible the probable - the 
unexpected the nonn. A 50-yard play is small 
potatoes for a man that has 46,966 yards in his 13-
year career to go along with 3,722 completions, 

See BOLTS, page 18 

Story by Dan Sweeney 
Photos by Chuck Nguyen 

SCOREBOARD 
MIAMI 7 0 7 10 24 TIME OF POSSESSION 

MIAMI 32:58 
SAN DIEGO 3 0 11 0 14 SAN DIEGO 27:02 

• I . 

... 

" 



.. 

... 

, 

18 SPORTS The UCSO Ouardiaa 

Tritons Near Perfect in Opener SWIM: High hopes for new season 
By DMICnIft 
Sports Editor 

You may not be all that familiar 
with the sword-wielding sport best 
known as a "rcd-channel" Olympic 

event, but the Triton 
fenci ng team is de-
serving of some at-
tention. 

On Saturday-in 
Iheir first meet of the 
season - UCSO's 
men's and women's 

. teams had their way 
with the SCjuads from Cal Tech, 
UCSB, UCLA and USC. 

"I was pleasantly surprised [by 
the win]," Head Coach Lisa 
Posthumus explained. "We lost .half 
of our team [from last year], and I 
went in hoping to SCjueeze by. In-
stead we dominated the whole meet." 

The Tritons dominated by con-
sistently toppling their foes in each 
of the disciplines of fencing. On the 
men's side, there are foil, epe6 and 
sabre disciplines; while the women 
compete only in epee and foil. In a 
match, all of the teams field a group 
ofeitherthree(men)orfour(women) 

early you 
get 
started 
ona 
project, 'it . 
always 
comes 
down to 
beating 
the clock. 

fencers in each of the disciplines; 
and every fencer from one team 
battles each one from the other. So, 
there are 16 points to be won in each 
discipline for t6e women and nine 
points each for the men. 

UCSD's women achieved their 
perfect ~ record by controlling the 
epee fights. Led by returning all-
American Janet Wertz, who is only 
a sophomore, theepe6 team amused 
a stellar record of 63-1; and no, that 
is not a typo. Wertz, Jeannie 
Rockway and Suzanne Walters were 
each 16-0, while teammate Victoria 
Andrus was a near-perfect 15-1. 

Connie Szuto led the foil team, 
going 14-2 and pacing them to a 3-
1 record on the day. That, in combi-
nation with the epe6 team's domi-
nance, was plenty to insure four 
Triton victories on the women 's side. 

The men's tearn also ended its 
day with a perfect 4-0 mark against 
their opponents from up north. They 
were led by an epe6 squad which 
went 4-0, paced by James Gerken's 
10-2 record. 

The men dueling in the sabre 
discipline finished the competition 

......... -........ -~~-..","""" ..... ---......... 
_.... ---------------

up to off 
color calendars 

. 

copies 
on self-serve copies 

ki-I~---8849villa~IOlla-nllo-s- in the La Jolla Village Center 
--~4S7-377S Your branch office IS San Diego locations to Serve You 

Open 24 hours, 7 days ,1 wpp!<. 

at 3-1. Ted Bertier (9-3) w~ their 
leader, IS they knocked off all but 
one of the day's rivals. 

Finally, the men's foil team, 
whose efforts were spearheaded by 
senior Hatti Vikram (9-3), ended 
the day with a solid 2-2 mark. 

UCSD's success was surprising 
because of the incredible turnover 
evident in the starting lineup. Veter-
ans Wertz, Walters, Vikram and 
senior Craig Bardsley (who spent 
lISt year in Egypt) form the heart of 
the Triton lineup. Much of the re-
mainder of the team was filled by 
open tryouts. 

"We had much more of atum out 
for the team [this year] than previ-
ously," Posthumus said. "'We man-
aged to fill each squad out [includ-
ing] an alternate." 

"Three-fourths of our team is 
made up of freshman and sopho-
mores," she added. 

Suneel Sunder and Peter Gra-
ham are among the promising ranks 
of freshman with experience from 
high school - and are athletes of 
whom "good things" are expected 
this season and in year's to come. 

c.tInued fnIIII .... 24 
Knott, who competes in the breast-
stroke events. 

Sophomores Tim McAteer and 
Billy O'Conner are still more rea-
sons why coach Boyd is expecting 
his men's team to tum it around. 

"I'm looking for some good 
things from [McAteer] and 
[O'Conner]," Boyd said. "Those 
guys are way ahead of where they 
were last year." 

In addition to this infusion of 
new talent, UCSD boasts a strong 
core of experienced swimmers ca-
pable of getting it done in crunch 
time. Seniorco-captain Andy Hol-
lywood, who took second-place 
nationally in the 100 backstroke in 
1993, is hoping to stay healthy this 
season so that he can return to all-
American form. Also adding ex-
perience to the Triton lineup are 
seniorco-captain Kaley Parkinson, 
a seven-time all-American, and 
senior freestyler M ike Jefferson, a 
six-time all-American. 

Senior diver Adam Burgasser, 
who finished in the top-five in the 
nation last seuon, will score his 

••••••••••••••••••••• 

WorlclTeaclt is loo~ for pe~ 
wlto ltave a mind to travel. 

WorldTeach 
Call 1-(800) 4rTEACH-O 

•••••••••••••••••••••• 

WEARE 'Now 
THOMAS JEFFERSON 

SCHOOL OF LAw 
western State University 

College of Law in San Diego 
is pleased to announce, in connection 
with its application for ABA approval, 
that henceforth it shall be known as 
the 7bomasjefferson School of Law. 

Btablished 1969 
Full-time au Part-time Programs . 

Daytime au Evenillg Classes 
Classes begin January 29, 1996 
Call all admissiollS counselor today -

(619) 297-9700 extension 1200 
2121 San Diego Avenue • San Diego, CA 92110 
AccredUed by the Western Association of Schools and Colleges and 
by the Committee of Bar Examiners of the Sta/4! Bar of CAHfom#tl 

Thunday, November 9, 1~ 

share of points for the Tritons off 
of the springboards. 

The women's team will be the 
beneficiary of what Boyd called, 
"'the best recruitingclasa since I've 
been here." 

Among the future standouts for 
UCSD are Kelly Byrne, whose 
diverse talents allow her to com-
pete in the breaststrokes, individual 
medleys, freestyles and butterfly 
races. 

"[Byrne] is going to be quite 
good for UCSD in the future," 
Boyd said. 

She will be accompanied by 
fellow freshmen Sarah Chu 
(breaststroke) and Linda Monroe 
(breaststroke and individual med-
ley) as well as JenRY Irwin, who 
will lend her talents to the freestyle 
sprint events. 

Kristi Jordan, I freshman 
backstroker - who is already 
breaking her previous best times 
- and Jen Connellan, a distance 
freestylist, round out the freshman 
class for the Tritons. 

As far IS experienced veterans 
go, few are better than senior co-
captain and 21-time all-American, 
Carrie Parker. Parker has quali-
fied for the maximum of seven 
NCAA events each year of her 
career, and may finish this seuon 
hy competing in seven more. 

. "Not too many people come 
out of here 28 for 28, but Carrie 
has a chance to do it," Boyd said of 
his standout senior who competes 
in the backstroke and relay events. 

Fellow co-captain Laurie Boyd 
is rich in experience as well, hav-
ing returned from the NCAA meet 
with all-American honors in seven 
events during her stay in S.D. 

Junior Heather McPherson has 
competed in 13 NCAA events and 
been crowned all-American in all 
of them. She, along with senior 
Kristen Kemmer - who earned 
all-American honors in the 200 
backstroke and is swimming faster 
than ever - add yet more depth to 
l\.powerful women's team. 

The diving team continues the 
trend of depth on the squad, as 
returning "diver of the year" Sheri 
Takeuchi and returning all-Ameri-
Co'ln Kristi Young,alongwith a trio 
of newcomers, will carry on the 
tradition of dominant div ing teams 
for the Tritons. 

"Things are definitely looking 
up for the future," Boyd said. "Re-
cruiting is going pretty well, and 
we've got a good young base of 
kids. I think the women's team is 
going to start stepping it up, and 
the men's team is definitely on the 
way back to where we used to be. ~ 

Thursday, November 9,1995 . 

BOLTS: Chargers 
continue to struggle, falling 
to Miami, 24-14 
Continued from pace 17 
six 4,OOO-yard passing seasons and 33610uch-
downs. 

To say he is a sure-fire Hall of Famer is an 
understatement. Just ask San Diego's rookie 
cornerback Terrance Shaw, who Marino re-
peatedly picked on all day. 

"He's very good," Shaw said following 
Miami's 24-14 victory over San Diego on 
Sunday night. "His quick game is really good 
because his arm is so strong." 

Marino entered the contest needing 329 
yards to pass Fran Tarkenton on the all-time 
passing-yardage list. He only finished with 
291, but not because of anything the Chargers 
did to stop him. In fact, they seemed to do 
everything in their power t6 help Dan achieve 
the milestone. 

Miami's best friend was a phantom San 
Diego pass rush that combined for zero sacks 

The UCSO Ouardi .. SPORTS 19 

and exerted imperceptible preuure, granting 
Marino oodles of time to exploit the Cha'l-
ers' inexperienced secondary. 

"A lot of that is Marino,"said Miami Head 
Coach Don Shula. "He has an uncanny ability 
for sensing pressure and getting rid of the 
football . He's been doing that his whole ca-
reer." 

While Marino was busy wreaking havoc, 
Chargers quarterback Sian Humphries man-
aged to keep things close through the first 45 
minutes, thanks to some Dan Marino-like 
heroics of his own. Entering the fourth quarter 
the game WIS knotted at 14-14, and Humphries 
was 15-for-23 for 180 yards, including an 
impressive SO-yard touchdown hook-up with 
wideout Tony Martin in the third quarter. 

The Bolts' offense would have done even 
more damage were it not for an ill-timed 
holding penalty on offensive tackle Harry 
Swayne. That miscue nullified a touchdown 
pass early in the first quarter, forcing the 
Chargers to settle for the first of John Carney's 
two field goals. 

h was in the fourth quarter that things 
really unraveled for the home team. With 8:43 
remaining, Miami linebacker Chris Singleton 
intercepted a Humphries pass that caromed 
off the hands of Martin. The Dolphins con-
verted the turnover into seven when fullback 
Keith Byars scored on a one-yard run. 

On the Chargers' next possession, tight 
end Alfred Pupunu fumbled inside the Miami 
five-yard line - ending a San Diego scoring 
threat and again putting the ball in Marino's 
able hands. Coa-.d: Irving Fryar Is brought down by Chargers' cornerback, Dwayne Harper. Fryar and Dan Marino had their way with the San Diego secondary for most of the game . 

HoIcklp: San Diego defensive end Leslie 
O' Neal was held without a sack, as Dan 
Marino neared another passing record on 
his way to the hall of fame. 

"That's the way the whole year's been," 
Humphries said of the Chargers' untimely 
turnovers. "Penalties, turnovers in key points 
of the game. (We're] just not putti ng a full 
game together." 

The loss-San Diego's fifth in ninegames 
-seriousl y jeopardizes any lingering playoff 
hopes. 

the playoffs, we're thinking· about playing 
well," said Swayne. "We have another tough 
one against Kansas City, and if we hlng our 
heads too low tonight that could affect us next 
week, and we can't afford that. " 

the New England Patriots in Miami. He in-
sists, however, that he is not focusing on the 
record. 

"It's in the back of your mind," Marino 
said. "The intensity of the game is so high-
especially in a game like this - that the 
concentration is on doing what you can to help 
[the team] win." 

ROUT: Cowb~ys 
will clean up Sunday 
Continued from pale 24 
carpet, or do J malre it interesting? 

To be fair, the Niners have been 
riddled by injuries of late. Their 
starting quarterback, an affable guy 
named Steve Young, went out with 
a bruised shoulder three weeks ago. 
(A "bruised shoulder?" I thought 
this was supposed to be the NFL.) 
And San Francisco's best fullback 
tore every ligament in his body, 
except for the one that allowed him 
to hold up a "number-one" sign on 
his hand as he hobbled off the field . 

In the meantime, the Niners will 
likely have Elvis Grbac under cen-
ter for Sunday's game - and they 
might be better off propping up the 
dead, Graceland version. 

So as San Francisco limps into 
"the real Super Bowl" this week-
end, the Cowboys' boulder of de-
struction will likely come crushing 
down upon their foe.~. Final score: 
Dallas 28, Niners 10. And the fore-
cast is for temperatures soaring into 
the l00s. 

ATTENTION! 
For A Umltecl Time OIlly: 

CRUISE 
2-FOR-l 

ON 

CARNIVAL 
OR 

PRINCESS 
CRUISE LINES! 

CaD AmerkaD Cnlist & 
Tnvel to fiDd out bow: 

619 """'Ill 

"Right now we're not even thinking about 

The game ended with Marino a mere 38 
yards away from Tarkenton's mark of 47,003. 
Most likely he will eclipse it on Sunday against 

5 
VIS 

COLORS • CUT-OFFS • FADED BLUES 

$99 BIKER JACKETS 
COSTUMES· 60's, 70's; & MORE. FUN, FUNKY, FUNTIONAL 

HAWAIIAN· MILITARY. TUX SHIRTS 
COOL STUFF 
FAIRMAIRS 

4879 NEWPORT AVE., OCEAN BEACH 
~ ___ ~PEN 7 DAYS. 222·0220' ____ ... 

.... ..... ~" . 

/ .. ' \ I<~x~ 
, . ~ / . .«<.. ) , \ '-1.0 ' "' .. " 
J~' :t--' -/ ~) ~··V~>.-y.· .. ····.. \ll"~ ~"~.~~ 
,,'>' ~ .... -\ • ..,.(""\-,;" >~! . r ~- .' , v,f'" ~; ~ .... ..... / 1 ~I 

._'-> .. . \ v " ./ . £ . ' ~1' o! '.~ ... __ ~.~~.~':.~:;.":.~ < \' ~: " 
.-". ~ i , \ ., .... X'/~ ~ 

',. ' "{; Costa o/erde t])entzSt.!!J 
COSMETIC & FAMILY DENT1STRY & ow SURGERY 

We're,ppen evenings and weekends! • Ask about our special 
student prices! • Prompt and gentle care in a beautiful 

private office! • Straighten teeth without braces! 
Special introductory offer-$150 teeth whitening (per arch) 
24 Hour Emergency Available! • Plenty of free parking! 

Callusforanappointment 622.1 007 
1650 Gene ... INe., SuiM 312 
Weacaptmost~~~~~_~_~ __ 

~a:., -45°0 : NEW PATIENT JPECIAl.' 'G................ I --~----------- .. 

House of Pizza 
LARG. 
Single 
topping 
PIDa-

$8!!~ 
"With this ad. Not 
valid with any other 
",",r. Pan or sourdough 
SI mort. 

Of LA JOLl.:\. SHORES 

FREE 
DELIVERY 

D<livtry ar .. and times limited, call for d<uiIs. 

551-0125 
8107 CAMINO DEL SOL 

Come Here for Beer! 

Natural Lite $399 12-pack,+IU~CRv 
and more ... 

• Best selection of wine Ind specialty liqueurs 
• Over 300 beers, specllllzlng In mlcro-breweries 
• Gourmet pastries, cheese, chocolate, & dell Items 
• Unique gifts, wrap, and Incredible greeting cards 

Spirits of Saint Germain 
3251 Holiday Court (IICI'O" from II TDrIIo, 

(619) 455·1414 

... 



;. 

20 CLASSlflEDS 

\\\01 \( 1\11 \ I ~ 
GET BETTER GRADES WITH 
LESS EFFORT. Do you study 
cIIgentIy but your gradel don't 
show II? Taking fewer or easier 
..... Just to cope? Hard to stay 
focuHd? Str8lled out? L.arn 
about a CORRECTABLE 
Information-proc:esalng problem 
fIcIng m&rrf students at a FREE 
....... Nov. 14, 7 p.m., UCSD 
Price Center Santa Barbara/LA 
Room. can for Info or get FREE 
1IUIMIng,259-3206. (1119-11/13) 
Excel,nt INTERNET Academic 
InI8m8hIp opportunities available 
winter quarter with an Internet 
publishing and markellng cu.npany. 
If you know P.R .• ~ surfin' the 
Web, or If you have any cool ideas, 
kindly contact Vidya Media 
Ventures, Inc. (ht1p:// 
www.vIdya.com) by telephone at 
(619)683-2624 or via e-mail at 
info@vfdya.com. because we rock. 
(1119) 
Phlebotomy/Blood Drawing 
Course. Boston Reed Co. 1-800-
201-1141 . Stable Registered 
Institution N2800291. Student 
Discount. 

Internship Opportunitlesl Find out 
how you can take advantage of 
internship resources here on 
campusl Leam how you can find 
the internship tailored to YOUR 
needs. Presented by Randy 
Woodard, Advisor to Co-ops & 
Enterprises, Fraternities & 
Sororities, Media & Service 
Organizations. Wed., Nov .. 15, 
1995. Price Ctr., Gallery B, 7 p.m. 
Sponsored by Student 
Organizations & Leadership 
Opportunities (SOLO) & KAPLAN. 
For more info: 534-0501 . 
Lesbian, Gay, -Bisexual, 
Heterosexual students, staff, 
faculty: Join The Umbrella Group 
in a trip to Puerto Nuevo and T.J., 
Nov. 11 . Call Sarah at 622-5884 or 
8-mail pharris@ucsd.edufor more 
info. on carpool location. (1116-11/ 
9) 
UCSD Police Auction. Sat., Nov. 
11 . Pre-Auction viewing 9:30 a.m. 

The UCSD Guardian 

. 

CLASSIFIEDS 
Classified advmising is sold in 2O-word ~nts. The rtlle per 20 words is $2 for students (for 
personal we only), $3 for /tWIIty tuUl n461U1d $4 for otMrs. Paynwlll in adVGIICe is required; 
tMrefore. ads nuul be "",Ued willi aeMa (matle payable 10 UCSD Guardian) or preseflkd in person. 
Deadlines are 3 p.m. TluusdtJ, for MONItIy's ww, and 3 p.m. M0nd4y for TluusdtJy's ww. The 
Guudian reserves lite righllO nfrue alf)' tldvertisiflg including"." IIOIlilrUted 10 cotrIpQIIiotuhip ads. 
For more inform41ior1 call 534-5416. Mailing address: UCSD Guudian, AIIII: Classifieds, 9500 
Gilnuua Drive, 0316, La Jollll, CA 92093-0316_ AClII4llocaliorl: Stlldelll Cefl~r A, top floor. 

Auc:IIon starts at 10:00 a.m. BIkes, 
jewfty, books and I1I.ICh morel 
Cash or check only. $1.00 
refundable bidder cards. location: 
Near Voigt Dr. and Regents Road. 
(11~1119) 
Bon Jour! Anyone interested in 
studying in France, there wi. be an 
EAP/OAPinfosession. Thurs., Nov. 
9, 1 :30-3:00 p.m., International 
Center Conference Room. 
Wanna study In Scandinavia? 
Come 10 the EAP/OAP info session. 
Thurs., Nov. 9, 3:D0-4:30 p.m., 
Intemational Center Conference 
Room. AnancialAidavailable. (11/ 
6-11/9) 
VOLUNTEERllmprove the quality 
of life for children at risk of abuse 
and neglect. Caring individuals are 
needed now. Contact Karen at 
Home Start 692-0727. (10/30-11/ 
9) 
Grants and scholarships are 
available. Billions of dollars in 
grants. Qualify immediately. 1-800-
243-2435 (1-800-AID-2-HELP). 

E\IPI .()Y\IE'd· 
TEACHER/NANNY for delayed 5 
yr. old in our home. Teach fine 
motor, language, K-Ievel skills. 
Mon.-Fri. 1 :00-6:00 p.m. Exper/refs 
required. $8-10/hr. 578-4315 after 
6:00 p.m. (1119-11/13) 
PT telephone solicitors. We are 
looking for outgOing and 
enthusiastic people with good 
phone skills to help us expand our 

us 
of 

in d. 

business. Excellent Income 
potenllal. Telemarketing 
experience helpful. Free info, call 

1~7971. (1119-11/20) 
UCSD CIt Nut wanted 10 hns./Wk. 
to do data entry and·clerlcal on old 
CIII. Kearney Mesa. Sam ~ 
5000. (1119-1 ~/13) 
ArtIculate, enthusiastic students 
wanted to help raise money for 
UCSD. $6Ihr. + bonus. Contact 
UCSD Telephone Outreach 
Program@535-1433. (11/6-11/30) 
Need cash? Domino's Pizza is now 
hiring drivers at many of our 
locations. Become a part of the 
world's largest pizza delivery 
company. Drivers can eam up to 
$12.00/hr., must be 18, with valid 
driver's license, insured vehicle, 
good driving record. call our La 
Jolla (452-8273) or Del Mar (794-
2929) slores for more info. EOE. 
(11/6-11/30) 
Need 2 people with a truck to move 
light furniture and boxes. call 692-
0543. (11/6-1119) 
Students! Eam fantastic income in 
the travel industry. PT. Make your 
own schedule. Hawaii, Mexico, 
Caribbean, etc ... 68S-6433. (1116-
11'113) 
ASIAN FEMALE MODELS: 
Shampoo companies (like 
Sebastian) need Asian, female 
models for upcoming hair-shows/ 
demo-makeup sessions. AU heights 
ok! Beginners ok! Top pay! Call-
Free1-800-959-9301 (24 hrs.). (11/ 
6-11/20) 
Intemet publishing company seeks 
an advanced computer graphic 
artist. Possible Internship 
appointment. M.!Ist have own 
computer. Please call 558-2433. 
(11/6-11/13) 

WANTED: Sports-minded 
IndMduaIs with knowIedgeofsportB 
injuries to attend various sporting 
events. ExhIbIt a great new cold 
therapy product and have a blast! 
10-15 hrs./wI<. SMlr. Cal Contour 
Pak, Inc. 1-800-92f,2228. 
career Opportunity in print medial 
We need an enthusiastic and 
motivated person to fill Production 
Coordinator position for two 
monthly magazines. Small office 
in Sorrento Valley. Additional 
duties Include advertising client 
service and assistance to 
Publisher. Some publishing 
experience preferred. Excellent 
written and verbal skills a must, 
plus good phone manner. Mac/ 
computer wise. Position available 
starting Jan. 1. Une up your job 
before you graduate! Hiring by Dec. 
1. Send resume to : Publisher, 
Garnet Publications, P.O. Box 
3049, La Jolla, CA 92038. 
NATIONAL PARKS HIRING -
Positions are now available at 
National parks, Forests & Wildlife 
Preserves. Excellent benefits + 
bonuses! Call: (206)545-4804, ext. 
N59761. (11/2-11130) 
Stockbroker Trainee in Del Mar 
Office. Flexible hrs., about 2O/Wk. 
$7.oo/hr. + bonus. Call Ed Bracken, 

~-49OO. (11/2-11/9) 
Student Works Painting is hiring 
Branch Operators for the summer 
of 1996. Duties include: Marketing! 
Sales/Production Management. 
Avg. summer earnings, $8,000. 
Yes, we hire now for next summer. 
call 1 ;800-394-6000. (10/26-1/18) 
RAISE $$ The Citibank Fundraiser 
is here to help you! Fas1, easy, no 
risk or financial obligation -
Greeks, groups, clubs, motivated 
individuals, call now. Raise $500 in 

1: University of &ill Diego 
Tllf) . Experienced Faculty ~ • Lecture Courses 

• In-Class Practice Exams 
• You Score In Top 2S % or 

Take Next Course Free 
Test Preparation Counes 
Serra HaU 316, Alcala Park, 
Sao Diego, CA 

Applications are available at 92110 
your college Dean's Office (M.O.M. at Muir) 

SponSMed by it fir. col. "ucso, TN IJ.mrsitr CH'IIS, aid ._ 

Thursday, Novombct 9, 1995 

only one week. 1-800-882-1882, 
ext. 33. (1015-11116) 
Travel abroad and work - Make 
up to $25-45/hr. teaching 
conversational EnglIsh In Japan, 
Taiwan or South Korea. No 
teaching background required. For 
Info call: (206)832-1146, ext. 
J59761. (9/19-11/30) 
Alaska Jobs - FishIng Industry. 
Earn to $3,OOG-se,ooo+/mo. + 
benefits. Male/Female: No 
experience necessary. (206)545-
4144, extA59761. (9/19-11130) 
Cruise ships NowHring-Earn up 
to $2,OOO+/mo. working on cruise 
ships or land-tour companies. 
World travel. Seasonal and FT 
employment available. No 
experience necessary. For more 
Info call (206)834-0468, ext. 
C59761 . (9/1~11/30) 
$1750/Wk. possible mailing our 
circulars. No experience required. 
Begin now. For info call (301)30& 
1207. (9/19-11130) 
Win consistently at Craps! Proven 
methodl Full-time professional 
gambler/authorshares secrets. Get 
started for little money! Easily 
understood, comprehensive 
manual. This wiD change your Bfe/ 
$19.95 + $4.00 S&H, P.O. Box 
2155, Stateline, Nevada 89449. 
(916)573-2425. (9/19-11/30) 

Buy!! Deduct loan interest! Build your 
equity Instead of your landlords! Walk 
to UCSD - 1-bdr. condo from . 
$106,000, 2-bdr. condos from 
$117,500. Frig, WID, garage, pool. 
Marietta Powers, GRI, Broker. 459-
6944. Serving San Diegosioce 1974. 
(1119-11/30) 
Quiet, great for serious studies. 
Share house. No pets, nosmoking. 
$350. 1/3 util. Sal, 272-9875. 
Nonsmkr. female roommate 2-bdr.! 
1 ba. house. 2110 Second Ave., 
SO. $325/mo. + 1/2 uti I. $100 
deposit. Avail. 12/1 . call 595-3264. 
(11/9) 
Share 2-bdr., 1-1/4-ba. condo. 2 
blocks south of UCSD. Pools, 
jacuzzis, garage; $400+ 1/2 util. 
Mack, 455-6957. (11/6-11/9) 
Female wanted. Big bdr. and ba' for 
renti n Del Mar. Pool, spa, parking, 
security, and more. $370 + 1/2 util. 

. Call 794-8968. (11/6-11/30) 
Hillcrest: Room available in Flat. 
Starting mid Dec., $350. Wood 
floors, bathtub, big kitchen. 298-
5156. (11/6-11/13) 
BUY!! DEDUCT LOAN INTEREST! 
Build your equity instead of your 
landlords! WALK to UCSD - 1-
bdr. condo from $106,000; 2-bdr. 
condos from $117,500. Frig., WID, 
garage, pool. Marietta Powers GRI, 

Sgrinl Brgk ~oecill! 
7 Day Cruise 

March 14il - 3111 1996 
~!lIB 16 MlDcu Rivier. 

A Y .... M".e I~bDiaual 
Only $769.00· 

$200 -...; ~ he ., 1/24/96. 
Includes: A 7 clay cruiJe to Puerto 
Valllllta, MaZllll ... A Cabo Sill Luc:u 
(&II ac~_ !1m -"ow!); :3 free 
cI_ on _.,; I free cockt.ai! party, 
ond aJlmula on lItip! Sp!ce Ia Ljmjtcd. 

BOOK tl2l! IX gl Utl'i 
American Cruille II: Travd 

(619) 944-6121 
"CruiJe only nIe per .-. bued on 
~ ~. Port dI ... A p' 
~JIII&If.- .. ..adiIiana1. 

-

Thunday. November 9. 1995 The UCSD Owdlan 

Broker. 45N844. Serving San Ineide and out. S2150. call 558- spiish-EngIIIh bIInguIII needed 
for ...... m. Onetime r:ny. Need 
caucasians (non-HIIpanIc) and 
male Hispanics. Free movie 
pesaea. 889-3081 . (1118-11120) 

DIego moe 1874. (10130-11fJO) 2444. (1118-11/18) 

I 

S225Imo. for own room in North 
Clalremont house. 10 min. from 
UCSD. Female 21 + preferred. 
AvaB. 11/1. Cd 270-0428. (10126-
1119) 
OWN YOUR OWN HOME- Save 
Rent DqIws! Near UCSD 2- & 3-
bdr. condos $120,000+. 3-bdr. 
houses $180,000. Special Savings 
staff/students. 12 yrs experience 
serving La Jolla, Univ. City, Pacific 
Beach, Clalremont& Pacific Beach. 
ReMax Assoc. Judith Haddox, 
Realtor. (619)274-44n.(10/19-11/ 
20) 
Downtown: $350+. 1-bdr. and 
StudioApts. furnished, quiet, some 
harbor views, laundry, most utli. 
incl. 1534 Front St. 233-7428. (10/ 
5-11/30) 

FOR S.\LE 
I 

YAHAMA5-DlSC home CD Player 
w/manual, box, cables- $150. Matt, 
627-8601. (1119-11/13) 
MTX 3-WAY truck boxes w/10· 
woofer, 2OOwatts-$l50. Lvmsg. 
627-8601. (1119-11/13) 
MACINTOSH II Fx 4/80 -
GraphicsJDTP software, 6 nubus 
slots, 14" monitor, keyboard, mouse 
- $85OIoffer, Matt. 627-8601. (11/ 
9-11/13) 
Garage sale. Mira Mesa. Saturday, 
11/11, 8:00 a.m.-2:00 p.m. 
Furniture, kitchen, books, bike, 
clothing, pictures, office, 
electronics. 10984 Canyon Hill 
Lane. (1119) 
386 computer 81 MB HD. 1 MB 
RAM. SVGA monitor. Panasonic 
printer. Lots of Software such as 
W. perfect, MS. works, Quicken, 
Windows 3.1, games, and more. 
$500. 587-1938.(1119-11/16) 
1987 Honda Elite 250 - Red, 
great condition, 10K, incl. helmet. 
$9OO/0BO, call Max @455-7943. 
(11/9) 
Macintosh II SI computer w/color 
monitor, keyboard, and mouse. 
Almost new. $75010BO, call Max 
455-7943. (1119) 
Two surfboards for sale I World 
Core(S'4") and a Greg 
Saurcht(6'3j. $150 each. Great 
condition. Cd Dave at 551-8369. 
IBM XT 640 K. 10, color monitor, 
$80. Phone Paul 623-9138. 
0Ids 98 Regency, 19n model, 2-
door, A/C, $75Otbest. Cd Paul 623-
9138. (1116-11/13) 
SnowboardLfor sale (racing). 
Burton Stat 8, Nitro Epic, never 
used. $300.00 each. $500.00 both. 
Jason, 455-0474. Make offer. 
198J Mazda 323, 4 &pd, stereo/ 
cassette. Runs great, very clean 

. 

Computer: Amlga-2000, loti of 
memory,..M1t8ubishI color monitor, 
Fujitsu dot matrix printer, all 
manuals, everything good 
condition, extras, bargain! $700.00 
(581-3070). (11/2-11/13) 
Significanllyreduceodors, bacteria, 
molds, mildew, smoke, polen, etc. 
Purify your air without filters or 
chemicals. E-mail: 
PvoIIral@icogsci1 .ucscI.edu 
Macintosh computer for sale. 4MB 
RAM, 40 MB Hard Drive, lois of 
software, keyboard, mouse, $295. 
ImageWriter II printer, $95. 531-
8183. (11/2-1119) 
Blke-4-sale, Specialized 
"Stumpjumper M2". Lots of extras! 
Only $800.00. call Joel, 273-4644 
or e-mail BilEJoBob@Aol.com 

\\ ':\~TEf) 
UCSD Medical Center at Hillcrest 
needs heaJthyvolunteers, ages 18 
1055, fora2-3 hour"eyeblinkstudy". 
$5/hr. + parking. Call Pattie at 543-
2314. (1119) 
Earn $20.00 + lottery ticket. 
Doctoral Research involving 
Biofeedback \'Vith Asthmatic 
subjects. Approximately 1.5 hours. 
Non-medication S1udy. call 271-
1690. (11/6-1119) 

Healthy voIun18er8 ages 18 to 45 
years old are needed to par1IcIpate 
In a study examining the effect of 
IIOII1d on the eyebIlnk reflex at the 
UCSD MedIcal Genter In Hillcrest. 
Free shuttle transportation Is 
available. Compensation will be 
provided. Cd 543-2494 for info. 
Subjects paid for a study on 
alcohol's effects. If you are a 
Japanese, Chinese or Korean, 
American-bom male, call Scripps 
Research for more Info, 554-7240. 

TWlNSlldenticaI & fraternal twins 
are neededfor a UCSD Psychology 
experiment. Participants will be 
paid. Jeff, 534-6283. (9119-11/30) 

SEI{YICES 
Psychotherapy: Individual and 
couples therapy, in a supportive 
and caring environment, to help 
you deal with personal, family and 
school pressures, relationship 
issues, depression, loss, anxiety, 
pregnancy, self-esteem, 
motivation, career Issues and 
others. Laurie Kolt, Ph.D., 
Psychologist, La Jolla. 452-7600. 
RESEARCH HELP: JoumaJAroical 
Photocopying. Quick Tum Aroood. 

Apply to be the next 

Guardian Associate 
Features Editor 

Send resume and clips to: 
Tedd Ladd, Editor in Chief 

UCSD Guardian 
9500 Gilman ~rive 
La Jolla, CA 92093 

(Actual location: second floor. old Student Center. 
right above t~e General Store Co-op) 

For more information: 634-6581 

. ' 

... 

HIKING AT MT. SAN JACINTO 
with the Lutheran Community at UCSD 

• Saturday, November 11, 8:00 a.m. 
• Join us for a day of hiking 
• Enjoy beautiful mountain 

and desert scenery 
• Take a break from tt)e grind 
• Meet new friends who also 
enjoy the outdoors 

• Bring a b11unchcfclenty of 
water. an warm othes 

• Meet at University Lutheran 
Church at 8:00 a.m. 

MUIR . 
COLLEGE 

Urey 
tutU 

• Sun 
God 

-I REVELLE I 
"'-AZA 

, I . CaR Adam.st453-3489 for more InforfnstIon I t.. Jolla ViU.Dr. 
r 

University Lutheran Church 

~ ~ 9595 La Jolla Shores Drive ~ Phone: 453-0561 ~""I1111-~ __ 1""'a Pastor Brian Hooper 
"',Q'-;--: --~ w 

CLASSlflEDS 21 

Jultphoneorflx.lnaxpeI .... Cal Acclnte, fait, conIdenIIII. M.ry 
SelIn III 7S5-GM. Fax 755-3840. Am, 452-8438. (10t"l6-05) 
Student roo carpet steam clean 
service. Single I'00I'I'1I, living rooms, 
Idtchen and bathroom, tIoors or 
entire homes.l..owestprlce around. 
Call Dan 536-1434. (1118-1119) 
P8ychoIogist avaIabIe.lfyou need 
help coping with your life, 
depression, bulimia, and/or 
relationships, call Dr. Diana K. 
Weiss. (619)259-0146. (11/2-1/11) 
Termpaper AssIstance: Call for free 
catalog listing. 30,000 reports. 
Custom research available. 
Berkeley Research, 1-800-7n-
7901 . Open every day. 
Math Tutoring in your home. Get 
course assistance while developing 
math fundamentals. Mention this 
ad for UCSDstudentdiscount. 583-
4426. (10/26-2/29) 
Piano Iessons/Entertainment. Easy 
teaching method, flexible 
scheduling, and entertaining 
teacher. All ages, styles, levels. 
Studiolyourhorne. Mark, 280-7817. 
HYPNOSIS WORKSI Test anxiety, 
smoking, self confidence, sports 
performance. Glenna Miller CCH 
(CertIfied Clinical Hypnotherapist) 
(619)279-8159. Free consultation, 
student discount. (10/26-11/30) 
Word Proceulng manuscripts, 
dissertations, books, business, 
applications, resumes, editing. 

BEST AIR FARES, international, 
U.S., hotels, cans, island pkgs. 
Save U$. 546-7831. Mon.-Fri., 
5-10 p.m. 
VIoIIn,IVIoIa Lessons. You or your 
chlld(ren) can learn from an 
experienced, professionaJ teacher. 

Acceptingstudents.AII~ 
weIcomel Conrad: 466-0525. 
EPISCOPAL STUDENT 
ASSOCIATION Eucharist every 
Wed. 5-5:30 p.m. in the 
Intemational Center. Free dinner/ 
discussion following the service. 
Info caJl534-2537. (9/28-11/30) 
CASH FOR COLLEGE. 900,000 
GRANTS AVAILABLE. NO 
REPAYMENTS , EVER. 
QUALIFY IMMEDIATELY. 1-800-
243-2435 (1-800-AID-2-HELP) . 
(9/28-1/11 ) 
FREE FINANCIAL AID! Over $6 
Billion in private sector grants $ 
scholarships is now available. All 
students are eligible regardless of 
grades, income or parents' income. 
Let us help. call S1udent Financial 
Services: 1-800-263-6495, ext. 
F59761 . (9/28-11/30) 
Assignments, term papers, work 
projects, theses, presentations. No 
time? Plan ahead. Call 265-8405 
ITR Affordable Research + 
Computer Services. (9130-11/30) 

Rng,ItIV~R_ Affordable Dental Care 
We're taking a new little approach to dental care. Convenient hours 
and location. Gentle and caring treatment at affordable fees. All in a 
unall but brand new dental offlee wi th videos and current reading 
material to put you at ease during your visit. 

We're committed to doing our best to provide preventive, cosmetic, 
and restorative dental can: to keep your dental bills down, your mouth 
healthy, and your smile bright. Call us today. 

General, Preventative, and Cosmetic Services 
Moll OCSD iIISUfdna /JCUfIItd • ReIomd. friervJJ'J ~ • V~SImo 

" Mmber ADA, CDA. SDCDS 
La Jolla ViUQge Professimud CenkT 

8950 Vdla La Jolla Dr.;Swte 2103 
Till> Floor. jwt btItind iIIe EItp/Iant Bar 

EuminlfI s..unIa, ~~ 

I-S at LaJoUa ViUoce Drive 558 .. 3490 

~14 9-au t- e. ~t1b14 
"PASTORAliSM ANd IkE ModERN WORld" 

"~4 
A~1It.~ 
Professor of Anthropology - University of WISCOnSin, Madison 

Friday~ November 10, 1995 
6:30 pm 

Peterson Hall - Room 110 
UCSDCampus 

For more information 
(619) 450-9353 or (619) 284-8304 

Cosponsored by the AS-UCSD 



\~ 

, . 

, . 

22 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian Thunday, November 9,1995 

OCCI: Tigers 
pose first hurdle UCSD CLUB SPORTS ROUND-UP 
Continued from pai. 23 
the all-American, Chi (who 
earned NCAA Player-of-the-
Week honors last week), and by 
freshmen Shannon Noonan and 
Christine Prowd. 

This trio of six-foot blockers 
fo rms an·imposing front line and 
has been the strength of the Tri-
tons game this season. Prowd 
will be counied on to be particu-
larly flexible, serving in the "op-
posite" position - usually filled 
by the hobbled Madelyn Ripken 
- and as a midd le blocker. 

" I always like having some-
one who I can count on as a sub, n 
Dannevik said of Prowd. "She's 
a good passer, she can middle 
block, she can play right side -
she can do a lot and that's key." 

Mountain Biking 

With overpowering speed 
and agility, the UCSD cy-
cling team crushed the oppo-
sition last weekend, elevat-
ing its Western Conference 
record to a perfect 2-0. 

On Saturday, the Tri tons 
hosted the first-annual UCSD 
Dirt Criterium, a 1.7-mile 
mounta in-biking loop which 
winds its way through the 

. par course in Warren Woods. 
Thecourse, known in bik-

ing circles as the "Dirt Crit," 
lacks the typical grueling 
climbs - instead favoring 
speedy, powerfu l riders who 
can navigate techn ica l sec-
tions of the terrain. 

Even with quality riders 
from UCLA, San Diego St. , 
Cal Poly Pomo na and Mark Patterson/ Guardian 

Ultimate Disc 

The UCSD ultimate-disc team 's 
season took off last Saturday at a 
round-robin tournament on Pry tel 
Field in Warren College. The ulti-

mate team, which 
.d ~ affect i on~ tel y 

-~ refers to Itself 
as the Air 

Squids, had recrui ted enough disc 
sli ngers to field two teams in the 
seven-team showdown. 

UCSD's A team had a sol id tour-
nament, compiling a record of 3-2. 
It was comprised mo tl y of veterans 
but included a pairoffirst-year play-
ers to give them some experience. 
The B team, composed mostly of 
newcomers, struggled aga inst its 
more experienced opponents, fin-
ishing the tournament with a 1-4 
record. Its efforts were aided by a 
trio of veterans. 

and skill to take their match against 
a talented UC Santa Barbara disc 
team down to the wire. 

However, the Santa Barbara team 
prevailed, as it did throughout the 
tournament. UCSB's two teams had 
an overall record of 11 -1, taking 
firs t and second place at the event. 

A day of tough competition and 
hard-fought losses proved to be a 
rewarding experience for UCSD B-
teamers. Rallying behi nd their three 
returning players, incl uding team 
captain Ben Fi nkelor, the first -year 
Air Squids managed to defeat a sea-
soned squad from Occidental fo r 
their lone victory. 

When asked about the poten-
tial pressures of playing in the 
NCAA tournament, Prowd non-
chalantly replied, "I'm excited, 
but J' m not nervous. n 

Claremont College, no one Haullnl: UCSO's Chad Roemer gets 
could keep up with the blis- up a hill at the UCSD Dirt Criterium. 

The A squad, led by captain Ian 
Billick, avenged last season 's loss 
to the Cal Poly disc team by knock-
ing off the San Luis Obispo disc-
hurlers during pool play. Maintain-
ing their winning demeanor, the Air 
Squids of team A used enthusiasm 

Saturday 'S event was "a warm-
up tournament," according to sec-
ond-year team A member Kevin 
Lenaburg. The competition "gets 
serious in the middle of winter," he 
added. 

UCSD 's ultimate-disc teams are 
gearing-up-!or their most competi-
tive tournament of the fall quarter, 
which takes place on Nov. 18 and 19 
at UC Santa Cruz. 

Hitting outside for the Tri-
tons will be Biesheuvel-a solid 
performer for UCSD throughout 
this tumultuous season - and 
fellow junior Kelly McGlothlin. 
Providing the youth to this as-
pect of the Triton attack will be 
freshman Dana Salter, who-
brings hard-hitting and a great 
deal of exuberance to the lineup. 

Angelle Crochet is still 
slowed by the knee problems that 
have disrupted her entire senior 
campaign, and will have to be 
used sparingly off of the bench. 
Likewise, Ripken will be, at best, 
a contributor off of the bench_ 

While this lineup is far from 
what was expected at this point 
in the season, the Tritons have 
had time to prepare and feel ready 
to tackle the competition. 

"I feel good about this week-
end," Biesheuvel said. "I think 
we're really fired up and focused; 
and, mentally, we feel we have 
an advantage [being at home]. " 

tering pace set by the UCSD 
team. 

UCSD riders took first plac;e in 
four categories: men 's A, Band C 
as well as women 's B. The famil-
iar home terrain proved favorable 
for UCSD as the men's A and 
women's B tealRs swept the top 
three spots in their respective di-
visions. 

Tim Knudsen took first place 
for the men, followed by Erik 
Stauber and Ian Bettinger. Anne 
Duggan was the top women's B 
rider while Britney Gassert took 
second place with Tina Sahba fin-
ishing third. 

Christopher Freezor rode to a 
first-place finish for the men ' s C 
team, while Chad Roemer was the 
champion of the men 's B category. 

The previous week, at the Cal 
Poly Pomona Mountain Bike Clas-
sic, UCSD rode to a first-place 
finish behind the performances of 
Stauber, Knudsen and Ryan Cady. 

This past October, Knudsen, 

F Uslen 10 a professor and a slud~nt REE describe the law school experience £rom their perspective. A question and 
answer period will follow the seminar. 

LAw SCHOOL 1;E~ 
INFORMATION :E;.: 
SEM'INAR TONb ~a~:=yourlaw school questions answered, please 

caD: (619) 297-9700 X 1200_ 

SAN DIEGO 
Wednesday 
November 15, 1995 
6:00-8:00 pm 
Hondlery Hotel 
950 Hotel Circle North 

Spring Semester Begins 
January 29, 1996 

Accrtdited by the Western 
AssociIItion of Schools and Colleges 
11l1li the Committa of Bar Emminers 
of the Sblte Bar of CAlifornia 

who also finished first in men 's A 
at Pomona, was the sole UCSD 
representative at the National Col-
legiate Mountain-Biking Champi-
onships in Durango, Colorado. 

Knudsen finished fourth over-
all, battling adverse weather, the 
7,000-foot elevation and the best 
competitors from 25 schools na-
tionwide. Although the team has 
already reaped some of the ben-
efits of his national experience, 
Knudsen simply summarized the 
race in Durango with one word -
"pain." 

UCSD hopes to draw on the tal-
ent and energy of Knudsen as their 
Pilck of talented riders close out the 
rest of the regular season and pre-
pare for regional and national play-
offs. 

The next race is this weekend 's 
meet at Cal Poly San Luis Obispo, 
where all the major contenders for 
the regional title will be present. 

- By Mike Stanle 

Rugby 
The UCSD rugby team went 

into Saturday 'S match versus the 
cadets from Camp Pendleton , 

knowing that it had an 
excellent shot at vic-

tory . UCSD had 
beaten the 
Ghostriders in its 

season opener at the Escondido 
10's Tournament, 15-3. 

Mistakes, however, plagued the 
UCSD squad this weekend, and it 
fell by a score of 28-14. Camp 
Pendleton controlled the tempo of 
the game from the outset, keeping 
the La Jolla crew on the defensive 
for the majority of the contesl. 

Chay Chang and Mark Bazzet 
provided the offensive punch, 

- By MIke Stan,e 

braking free and scoring five points 
each for UCSD. Morgan Patterson 
added four points - to round out 
the balanced attack. 

UCSD looks forward to getting 
back on track this Saturday when 
they host the San Diego College 
Championship at Warren West 
field. San Diego State and the Uni -
versity of San Diego will chal-
lenge UCSD in a round-robin 
grudge match. 

The three squads will be bat-
tling for local bragging rights -
with the winner boasting, " King 
of the City ." 

The action will start at 9 a.m. 
and will last until 3 p.m. 

- By Robin Kezlrlan 

The first cave 
drawings were 
actually ads for 

bison meat. 
Semester, Summer 
and V. Prognmt 

UCSD Guardian Adverti~ 
can 534-3466 

. Pr.s.nariCy Testing ' 
Earty Piwanancy Test 

(Immediate '"'rest R .. u~) 
Birth Control 

Outpatient Female Sterilization 
LA MESA 

8881 F1etc:her Pkwy_ 
(819)8~1 

MlSSlON VIEJO 
26400 La AIM1ede 

(714) 348 2440 
NEWPORT BEACH 

4501 BIrch st. 
(714) 851·1201 

Eaab • Spain 
Er9and • Fnn:e 
Canada • Mexico 

Q)sta Rica • Italy 

.......... 

• Health PIInI 
°Uacl-Clt 

• VIla .~ 
·DIIccwIr 
S.HIbIa~ 

Thu~y,November9, 1995 

The NCAA Cross Country Regionals take place this weekend at 
UCSD. The course is in the northern part of campus, starting 
and finishing at the North Campus Relds. The men's and 
women's courses are shown below. To follow the tracks, go 
through the letters alphabetically. 

Nortt 

North 

Center of 
Campus 

The UCSD Guardian 

COUNTRY: 
Tritons host NCAAs 
ContInued from PIlle 24 
lead the race and to control the 
race," Van Arsdale said. "They 
don't necessarily need to be at the 
front to [win] it Everybody's go-
ing to know where they ' re at, and 
everyone's going to watch." 

The number-three runner for 
UCSD is senior John Walsh, who 
has taken a different approach to 
his racing this season. 

"[Walsh] has come to a whole 
new level this year with his run-
ninl!' He's forsaken the conser-
vative approach of seeing if he 
can just hold his position," Van 
Arsdale said. "This year, he ' s 
willing to really duke it out and 
test the other guys to see what 
they're made of." 

. Sophomore Gavin Klinger 
claimed the number-four spot on 
the Triton's roster with an amaz-
ing performance al the CCAA 
Conference meet, where he placed 
third for UCSD. The number-five 
runner is senior Bryan Leek, who 
has been making enormous cuts in 
his times over the past few weeks. 

"It's becoming apparent that 
[Klinger] understands his abilities 
now and is willing to test that role. 
[Leek] has had a wonderfu I season 
of running and racing on a regular 
basis. Each week he's becoming 

oeCI: UCSD 
will host the Tigers 
Continued from pa&e 24 

"We're more worried .bout 
ourselve. [than Solmssen];" jun-
ior Christine Chi said. "Last time 
we concentrated too much on their 
side of the net, and we didn 't take 
care of our side. This time, our 
concentration is on our side, so we 
can execute and put balls away." 

If the Tritons get past the Ti-
gers, they will face the winner of a 
match between the West Region 's 
number-one seed, Cal Lutheran, 
and the number-four team , 
Chapman. UCSD has faced both 
teams twice this season - split-
ting its games with each of them. 

UCSD's most recent games 
against each of these teams were 
road wins and the Tritons now 

faster and faster. Last meet was the 
best time that he's ever run," Van 
Arsdale explained. 

Sophomore Neal Harder and 
team captain Nate Johnson round 
out the Triton lineup. 

"[Harder] is a good hunter. He 
just sits and waits for his opportu-
nity. He strikes at the right time for 
us," Van Arsdale said. "[Johnson] 
does more with less on any given 
day. Very seldom, when he's hav-
inga rough day, will he let it get him 
down, hejust keepschippingaway." 

Look for anyone of the number 
three through seven runners to jump 
up and make a significant move in 
this race. With improving times and 
proven ability, it is a definite possi-
bility. 

On the women 's side, competi-
tion will be fierce, with Claremont-
Mudd as the favorite and Colorado 
College and Occidental also field-
ing strong teams. UCSD has a good 
chance to claim fourth place in the 
13-team region and could place a 
runner in a NCAA-qualifying spot. 

Sophomore Kyndra Smith and 
freshman Maggie Dwire will be rac-
ing as number one and two. 

"We have two candidates [Smith 
and Dwire] that are very capable_ If 
things go their way, they have a 
legitimate shot at making nationals 
by qualifying individually," Van 
Arsdalc,.said. 

Running at three and fourwill be 
seniors Jane Zimmerman and Robyn 

have the added blessing of hosting 
the West's regional tournament. 

"I'm glad we've got [the tourna-
ment] here," Biesheuvel said. "We 
feel as if we won [the right to host] 

SPORTS 23 

Herskowitz. 
"[Zimmerman] has done a re-

ally good job of being consistent 
in that number-three/four position, 
switChing off with [Herskowitz]. 
They have been our two anchors 
as the seniors of the team," Van 
Arsdale said. 

The final three slots will be 
filled by sophomores Courtney 
Gray and Marikka Elia, and senior 
Michaela Monahan. Gray has im-
proved throughout the season, 
moving up from the B team to earn 
a top spot on the A team. 

Running at number six , 
Monahan, a star 4OO-meter runner 
during track season, has had to 
change her fOCus from sprinting to 
distance. Elia has also come 
through for the team, stepping in 
for Amanda Wallace-who won't 
compete because of sickness. 

"[Gray] has improved so much, 
she's virtually dropped an entire 
mi nute on the 5000, " Van Arsdale 
said. "[Monahan] has really 
stepped forward_ She has a 
sprinter's focus and has had to 
convert it to distance. Each day 
she has a better understanding." 

"[Elia] has had some very good 
performances this year, and she's 
had some that she's had to use as 
learning experiences. She is happy 
to get this opportunity." he added. 

The men 's race will begin 
promptly at 9 a.m. on Saturday, 
followed by the women at 10 a.m. 

banged-up. So, the starting rota-
tion will have a decidedly youth-
ful look about it. 

Sophomore seiter Sherine 
Ebadi is in her first year on the 

NCAA WOMiN'S VOLLIYIIALL 
The NCAA DiviSion III Women's Volleyball West Regional takes place 
this weekend at RIMAe. Ranking numbers are for the region. 

7:30 pm, Fri. 7:30 pm, Sat. 5:00 pm, Fri. 

ovcrOcci, and so I think wecomein 
with a little bit of an advantage." 

The lineup charged with defend-
ing the Tritons' grand court tradi-
tion is, as it has been all season, 

Source: UCSO sports Information 
Dominic lobbIa/ Guan1ian 

team and ht r first season ever as a 
setter. She will be flanked at dif-
ferent times during the match by 

See OCC., Page 22 

FREE 1 PAIR COLORED CONTACTS WoJ. FRESH LoOKS PLOTO-6.00 Brown Eyes to Blue, GItt., H . .. I. With tho purdlasc of .ny contact I .... ptc:bse below 
DAILY 
WEAR t 129 DISPOSABLE LENSES 

COMPUTE IotWoo 100 6,..ds 

90 PlAIR I·DAY ACUVUE4P 
" $249 ;~=~~cr~n. 

AlL specials include lenses, eJUJm. eyecore k~ ond follow up vis~ . 

e PlEsaPnONS FWD 
e GlAsSES DUPUCATED 
eCOMmmUAMS 
e No APPOINTMENT NEaSWy 

OUU 
... 10-7 
.... 10-6 ••• 

-

. '. 

-



r 

24 SPORTS 

SRorls 
RAGE 
TEDD LADD 

The 'Real 
Super Bowl'? 

There's a character in 
Dante 's Inferno who is 
condemned to pushing an 
enormous boulder up a steep 
hill for all eternity. He 
exhausts his strength rolling 
this boulder slowly, slowly, 
slowly up the hill , until he 
almost makes it to the top. 

But just as he reaches the 
apex, just as he thinks he's 
going to make it to the peak, 
just as he feels the cold wind 
of the summit meet his face, 
the boulder comes crashing 
down. It crushes him, rolls 
over his organs and all that can 
be heard is a frightened, feeble 
yelp. But it's not over yet. He 
has to repeat the same task, 
rolling the boulder up the hill, 
for all eternity. 

Such is the destiny of the 
San Francisco 4gers, as they 
approach a much-anticipated 
contest this weekend. And the 
boulder? Well, the boulder is 
that hated, feared, scorned 
team - the Dallas Cowboys. 

Since the beginning of the 
season, NFL experts have 
tabbed the Cowboys-Niners 
game as "the real Super . 
Bow1." The two teams have 
won nine Super Bowls in their 
storied histories. This year, 
however, "real Super Bowl" is 
mere background noise: 

Dallas, at 8-1, sits atop the 
NFL standings - poised for 
another run at Super Bowl 
glory. The Niners, meanwhile, 
are at 5-4 and just hoping to 
make the playoffs. 

The UCSD Guardian 

UCSD: Hosts 
With the Most? 
NCAA BOUND: Each team will send its top 
seven runners to compete at Regionals 
By Usa Coilimer 
Staff Writer 

Preparations are underway for 
the cross-country Division III West-
ern Regional meet this 
Saturday at UCSD. The 
Triton women are hop-
ing to send some indi-
viduals to the Division 
III National Champion-
ships, while the men are 
striving to qualify their 
entire team. 

Each team will have 
its top seven runners competing. 
The top two finishers in the women's 

race and the top five in the men's 
will move on to nationals. In addi-
tion, the top women 's team and the 
top two men 's teams will qualify for 

the national meet. 
This meet will be the 

culmination of four 
years of hard work for 
the UCSD men's team, 
as five of the seven com-
petitors are seniors. 

"This is something 
that our men have been 
working toward for four 

years. I don 't think that they ' ll be 
denied," Head Coach Ted Van 

Arsdale said. "As a coach, 
I'm really pleased." 

The UCSD men 's team is 
a favorite to finish first in 
saturday 's regional. Explod-
ing with talent - including 
a national champion 1500-
meter runner, an ali-Ameri-
can in the same event, as 
well as a couple of up-and-
coming prospects - the Tri-
tons are focused on a trip to 
Nationals. 

"We're using this as a fi-
nal tune-up for nationals," 
Van Arsdale said. "We be-
lieve that, although we have 
to give great credit to our 
competitors ... We should not 
have difficulty qualifying." 

Through the woOds: Milrikka Elia will 
be among the Tritons ru~nning their 
home course at this weekend's NCAAs. 

The men are led by se-
niors J.J. Castner and Goss 
Lindsey. "Either one has the 
ability to win the race, to 
See COUNTRY, Page. 22 

Thursday, November 9, 1995 

Dig this: Angelle Crochet and the Tritons will need to be tough 
defensively if they hope to emerge victorious from the regionals. 

FAMILIAR FOES: Tritons have to beat local 
competition to advance in the NCAA tourney 
By Dan Kraft 
Sports Editor 

You've heard the cliches (this 
one's for all the marbles, do-or-
die, put-up-or-shut-up), so I don't 
need to explain what 
the NCAA champi-
onships are all about. 
When the UCSD 
women 's volleyball 
team hosts the NCAA 
Division III Western 
Regional this week-
end, the season will 
be on the line in ev-
ery match. 

On Friday, familiar foes from 
California Lutheran, Occidental 
and Chapman will be paying a 
visit to the RIMAC arena - and 
who the champion will be is 
anybody's guess. 

"Cal Lutheran is definitely the 
favorite, becuase they h.ave 
beaten everybody," UCSD Head 
Coach Doug Dannevik said. 
"We're the only team to beat Cal 

Lutheran, but every team is capable 
of winning this regionaL" 

The Tritons will open the tourna-
ment againstOccidental at 7:30 p.m. 
on Friday night. UCSD knows the 

Tigers well after hav-
ing played them on Oct. 
26, a match Occidental 
won in five sets. But 
UCSD is confident that 
there will not be a re-
peat of the mental lapse 
which led to that defeat. 

"I'm not worried that 
we'll break down [men-

tally] this weekend," junior Mieke 
Biesheuvel explained. "We're pre-
pared, and we play well when we 
know what we need to do to win." 

In order to earn a victory over the 
Tigers, the Tritons will have to con-
tend with 6'2" middle blocker Mia 
Solmssen. However, UCSD pro-
vided evidence that they are capable 
of doing just that, during their first 
meeting with Occi. 

See OCCI, Page 23 

The Cowboys' last three 
wins have been drubbings to 
the tune of 23-9, 28-13 and 34-
12. The Niners?Well, the best 
thing you can say about the 
Niners is that they almost beat 
a team that didn't exist last 
year. Their other losses - a 
27-24 affair against Detroit, a 
18-17 derailment versus the 
Colts and a 11-7 embarrass-
ment at the hands of that New 
Orleans offensive juggernaut 
- also didn't offer any signs 
of encouragement. 

Triton Swim Dives Into New Season 

In addition, the Cowboys 
have the NFL's leading 
receiver, running back and 
quarterback, giving them the 
best offense in the league. It 
almost makes you wonder 
what's going through the 
minds of Cowboy piayers right 
now. The power they feel must 
be like watching an ant making 
its way across the floor and 
thinking: Do Ilcill it now, 
mashing its body into the 

See ROUT, Page 19 
" 

By Dan Kraft 
Sports Editor 

This season, things are look-
ing up for UCSD's swimming 
and diving teams. 

During the 
1994-95 cam-
paign, the Triton 
women ended 
NCAAs in third-
place nationally; 
while the men,also 
a traditional 
power, were forced 

to settle for 13th. 
The men were in the midst of 

an infamous "rebuilding year," 
and so they temporarily fell from 
their customary place among the 

••••• 1;1 '~:t:t~f!UI;f!" ••••• 
Crou Country: 

Sat., Nov. 11 at NCAA West Regionals, on North Campus 
Relds, Women: 9:00 a.m., Men: 10;00 a.m. 

W ....... '. YoIle,..l: 
Sat., Nov. 10-11 at NCAA West Regionals, in RIMAC Arena. 

.wlmm ........ DlvlnJ: 
Sat., Nov. 11 vs. N. Coast Aquatics at Canyonview, 11 a.m. 

nation's elite Division III teams. 
However, this season, a strong come-
back is expected from the men. 

"The men should move up quite 
a bit," Head Swimming Coach Doug 
Boyd said. "We're going to be in a 
lot better position with relays than 
we were last year, which was one of 
the main reasons we fell so much." 

Filling voids for the Triton men 
will be a number of newcomers to 
the team. Eric Bruner will join the 
UCSD swimmers at the beginning 
of the winter quarter. The junior, 
who was not on the team during his 
first two years on campus and is 
currently studying at Dartmouth, will 
provide speed in the breaststroking 
events. 

Fenc_ 
The Tritons 
went 
undefeated in 
their first 
competition of 
the year, 
downing UCLA 
and USC. 

John Giulianotti, another 
incoming junior - who is cur-
rently adding potency to the 
Triton water polo team's attack 
- will apply his blazing speed 
in the pool to the sprint events. 

He will bring with him fel-
low polo player David Tudury, 
a freshman, whose abilities lie 
in the 400-yard 1M and the 200 
breaststroke. Tudurfs talents 
may also prove key to a number 
of Triton relays. 

Other freshmen that are ex-
pected to contribute to the 
UCSDsquad's revival are Mark 
Beiter, a distance freestylist 
from Los Angeles, and Greg 

See SWIM, Page 18 
C.pt.ln: Carrie Parker, a 21-tlme all-
American, anchors the women's team. 

Club Sports: ~ 
Get your San Diego fell 
weekly dose of to Miami, 
the UCSD club 24-14, Sunday 
round-up, night, losing 
including the star running 
cycling team, back Natrone 
ultimate disc Means in the 
and rugby. process. 


