
~1:t'''1:1:t'1. 
UCB CInId Stud", 
Arr .. ted at Protest 
BERKELEY - Four UCB 
graduate students, all Associa-
tion of Graduate Student 
Employees/United Auto 
Workers members, were 
arrested last Thursday after 
staging a sit-in at University 
Hall . .Tg protest what they 
called the university's failure 
to complete Contract negotia-
tions with the union, the 
students blocked the door to 
the Department of Labor 
Relations and Personnel 
Office and were subsequently 
charged with trespassing, cited 
and released by university 
police. 

- The Daily Californian 

Misconduct on the 
RI .. at UC Davl. 
DAVIS - The UCD Campus 
Judicial Board has heard an 
increased number of cases 
involving academic and social 
misconduct, according to 
Board Chairman Aaron 
Carruthers. Under UCD 
policy, misconduct ranges 
from collaborating on home-
work to the use of marijuana. 
Statistics provided by the 
board show it has received 52 
more referrals this year than 
last year. The board first 
receives referrals from 
students ' complaints, upon 
which the student in question 
is summoned. If an agreement 
is not reached between the 
student and the board, a 
hearing takes place and 
sanctions, if any, are applied. 

- California Aggie 

1a!111.} Ii]:J. #III 
"Nearly 70 
percent of 
stud.nts In the UC 
system com. from 
hl ........ lncom. 
famille., and It 
doesn't make a lot 
ofsen .. tom. 
that the taxpayers 
should subsldlz. 
the education of 
tho .. stud.nt ..... " 

-JohnDavl_ 
UC Regent 

HIATUS: Tom Petty 
channs teens and 
fortysomethings alike H1 

OPINION: Wedding bells 
ring merrily, but not for the 
bridesmaids 4 

SPORTI: Baseball wins in 
the bottom of the ninth 
against Point Lorna • 

, u 

UCSANDIEGO THURSDAY', MAY 4, 1995 

SIGN OF THE TIMEs 
PLAIA 

Decelvln. students and faculty alike, this fake construction ..... cl.med that a 
cement courtyard and tra"parent pyramid were to be built around the Sun God 
to protect It from ultraviolet rays. The sI ... w. so convlncl"l that a protest 
...... t the project w .. threatened. Accordlnc to Julia Undy of the Stuart 
Collection, a Sen OIe,o scientist named John, who would not ............ t 
....... , ..... the ..... In response to the $2.5 million Ubra" Walk. Undy .ald 
the Stuart Collection office had dozen. of complaints from people who believed 
the ..... w. ,enulna. The ..... w. d ..... antled yesterday. 

Congress to Vote on 
Loan Cuts Next Week 
RNANCIAL AID: Proposals 
to cut $12.5 billion in aid 
likel y to end federally 
subsidized Stafford loans 
By Ben Ellin 
Associate News Editor 

Student advocates expect the Stafford 
Subsidized Loan program to put its first foot 
in the grave next week when Congressional 
Budget committees vote on a proposed $12.5 
billion cut in higher education funding. 

The Senate and House Committees will 
vote on Monday, May 8, and Thursday, May 

11, respectively, to decide the fate of loan 
subsidies, which many lawmakers believe 
are too costly. 

If approved, the proposal will then be 
passed to the Education Committee, which 
would trim $12.5 billion in education spend-
ing from the federal budget. 

According to Glenn Magpantay, execu-
tive director of the University of California 
Students Association (UCSA), the most likely 
victim of the budget cuts will be federally 
subsidized student loans. 

"Stafford subsidized loans cost the gov-
ernment [$12.5 billion] each year," said 

See LOANS, Page 3 

c s ,D 

VOLUME 85, ISSUE 10 

Peltason Names 
Two San 
Joaquin Sites 
ForlOthUC 
CAMPUS: Construction of newest 
university contingent upon 
availability of state funding 
By Jonna Palmer 
Associate News Editor 

Students in the San Joaquin Valley may finally be 
able to attend a UC campus near home if state funding 
allows for the construction of a 10th UC campus at one 
of two prospective sites, 

In an open letter to the UC Board of Regents, UC 
President Jack Peltason announced Tuesday that Table 
Mountain in Madera County and Lake Yosemite in 
Merced County had been chosen as the finalists in the 
search for the site of the next UC campus. The final 
selection will be made during the May 18-19 regents 
meeting in San Francisco. 

The Site Selection Task Force (SSTF), composed 
of two regents, an alumni representative, a faculty 
representative, two chancellors and three university 
vice presidents, has spent the last six years narrowing 
down the field from 85 different locations to the two 
finalists. 

"I made this recommendation because both sites 
have such outstanding attributes that each deserves 
full consideration by the regents," Peltason wrote. 

"I also believe that the location of the next UC 
campus is of such importance that it is an issue on 
which it makes sense to draw upon the collective 
wisdom of the board," he added. 

According to the task force, Table Mountain was 
recommended because of its "proximity to the major 
population and cultural c~nter of Fresno." The SSTF 
said that community support and site aesthetics were 
contributing factors in the selection of the Yosemite 
Lake location. 

Mark Aydelotte, spokesman for the UC Fresno 
Regional Office, said it was important to build the next 
UC in the San Joaquin Valley, where the number of 
students who attend a UC is half that of other popula-
tion centers. 

"The San Joaquin Valley has the largest population 
that is unserved by a UC!" he said. "The reality is, for 
a student in the San Joaquin Valley to attend a UC, 
they have to move." 

Aydelotte said that financial issues also deter 
Joaquin Valley students from attending a Uc. 

"The valley has a lower cost of living than any other 
part of the state," he said. 

See SITE, Page 7 

Regent Davies Against Affirmative Action, Supports Fee Hikes 
MEmNG: Davies 
discusses his position 
on issues with UCSA 
By Marianne Villi 
Associate News Editor 

UC Regent John Davies took a 
stand against affirmative action pro-
grams and voiced his support for fee 
increases at a meeting with Univer-
sity of California Student Associa-
tion (UCSA) members Monday. 
Members of the new student organi-
zation Students Promoting Equality 
through Action and Knowledge 

(SPEAK) also attended the meet-
ing. 

As part of a new systemwide 
campaign, UCSA members around 
the state have organized similar 
meetings with other UC regents in 
an effort to gauge where they stand 
on issues that will be voted on in 
upcoming Board of Regents meet-
ings. 

Targeting fee hikes and potential 
federal financial aid cuts, the 
UCSA's "Access: Stop Turning 
Back the Clock" .:ampaign protests 
the decreasing accessibility to higher 
education. 

Davies said that affirmative ac-
tion has come to mean a number of 
different things to different people, 
but added that "I don't like affirma-
tive action if it means racial prefer-
ences." 

According to Davies, the regents 
will consider individual programs 
when discussing the future of affir-
m'ative action at their May 18-19 
meeting in San Francisco. 

"I think outreach programs are 
positive, but I'm not convinced that 
they need to be race-based," Davies 
said. "They could be based on ob-

See REGENT, Page 7 

Relent Da .. meet. with 
I ... BenedIct and several 
other UCSD Itudents Monday. 



2 NEWS 

Scientist Refutes 
HIV-AIDS Connection 
RESEARCH: Dr. Peter Duesberg says prolonged 
drug use and other factors cause AIDS 
By Ted Ladd 
Senior Staff Writer 

Blasting the accepted scientific 
tht:ory that HIV causes AIDS - as 
well as several leading UCSD AIDS 
researchers - UC Berkeley profes-
sor and scientist Peter Duesberg 
spoke at the Joyce Beers Commu-
nity Center in 
Hillcrest Tuesday. 

Speaking to ap-
proximately 150 
people, Duesberg 
delivered a two-
hour lecture refuting 
HIV- AIDS theory, 
arguing instead that 
prolonged drug use 
and other factors are 
the sourceofthe dis-

"The CDC is the equivalent of 
our defense department, fighting a 
war against something it can't de-
fine," said Duesberg. He also ar-
gued that Flossie Wong-Staal, a 
UCSD AIDS researcher, and other 
scientists have failed to produce a 
"virus in T -cells" in their own labo-

ratories, 
According to Dr. 

ease. 
During his lec-

ture, Duesberg said 
that the theory that 
HIV causes AIDS is 
falsely supported by 
tests using the poly-
merase chain reac-
tion (PCR), a bio-
iogical tech~ique 
.developed by Nobel 
laureate Dr. Kary 
Mullis. Duesberg 
~Iaimed that PCR is 
tgsed to amplify a 
problem that does 

"The CDC I. the 
equivalent of 
ourdefen .. 
department, 
fighting a war 
against 
somathl ... they 
can't detlae," 

Duesberg, the cause 
of AIDS-likesymp-
toms is either con-
tinual drug use, con-
sumption of high 
dosages of AZT or 
exposure to other 
illnesses which 
damage the body's 
immune system. 
Showing enlarged 
pictures of AZT 
bottle labels with 
skulls and cross-
bones, Duesberg 
said that the drug is 
a poison whose 
side-effects include 
death. 

Claiming that 
UCSD is a major 
player in the "great 
AIDS research lie," ~Du"'" 

Researcher, Duesberg said 
UC Berkeley Professor UCSDscientistsare 

not exist - namely, small and in-
substantial HIV viruses in patients' 
cells. . 

"[HI V) is only in one out of ev-
ery 500 to 1,000 [CD4 T-helperJ 
cells," Duesberg said. "That's why 
[HIV]-infectedpeoplecanoftenonly 
be found with [PCR)." 

Duesberg also said that the eight-
to-l0-year"latency period" in HIV-
infected persons - a time frame in 
which the virus does not cause harm 
to the host - does not follow the 
standard characteristics of an infec-
tious viral disease. 

"There's no such thing as slow 
viruses. We have slow microbiolo-
gists, but not slow viruses," 
Duesberg said, referring to the rela-
tively slow process offinding a cure 
for AIDS. 

In addition, Duesberg claimed 
that the Centers for Disease Control 
(CDC), which has spearheaded 
milch of the AIDS research in the 
United States, has documented 4,600 

,&.IDS-diagnosed patients who have 
tested negative for HIV. 

ignoring his hypoth-
esis simply because they "don't like 
to talk about [research) that brings 
in a lot of money." 

Dr. Richard Haubrich, an assis-
tant professor of medicine at UCSD 
and an AlDS researcher, disagreed, 
calli ng Duesberg a "fringe person. " 

"The evidence is so overwhelm-
ing [that HIV causes AIDS]," 
Haubrich said. "I usually refuse to 
talk about [Duesberg's theory] be-
cause [doing that) adds credence to 
a false theory .... He does a grave 
disservice to the community with 
his actions. " 

In response to Duesberg's alle-
gations that UCSD has failed to 
produce results, Haubrich said it 
was possible to isolate the virus 
and that "[PCR] has nothing to do 
with it." 

Haubrich added, "If you just look 
at the weight of the evidence, 
[Ducsberg's) theory is ludicrous. I 
could say that the moon isn't made 
out of green cheese, and he would 
probably say that! didn't sample the 
right part of the moon." 

ERRATUM ••• 
In tbe May 1 issue of the UCSD Guardian ("UCSD Pays Tribute to 
Holocaust Victims"), Union of Jewish Students Vice President David 
Fisher' s last name was incorrectly spelled. The Guardian regrets the 
error. 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, May 4, 1995 

ETCETERA. • • 
CALVIN IE HOBBES by Bill Watterson 

~--------~----~~ r S\J~ nit: SB:~T 
10 I;I>.WII'lE.'S'5 IS 
L'O:I>J!.!\IMG TO "PI'R'C~III iE 

~~~T 

l. r<lR. EX/lII.I'IJ_ , Tp.,~ 
GREI>.' PlU,')\)RE 1\'.1 

Q:I~ RIG\\\ IIERE , 
RIGI;T NOW, OoING 
'ftH/,\ ""EI~. OCING . 

'ft"~ ~R9\r 'ftE ~ UP 
TO AN OtW~ S£11.~1C£ , so 
W£ CAACOII!\ECT 
1b O\\l~R 

COMPIl~RS? 

I \lilT£. '!I\£t{ ~ Ulf Cf KIDS 
~ ()o< l\\E. SL\IlE . '«>J 'ftMT 
~HER 1b GU "Ttl TJ.IE 101' 
U€J i\e\ 1\\E RI\l£ IS 

O/tR so FilS,. 

BRIEFLY ••• 

BECI>.USE IT'S B"'P ~~ 
W£. ""''IE I>. ~lE,,"OII£ . 

\ 

~\) IV 1)1 SI, f<)R '" 
~, "\0 ~NJO'( \\It I\I:IGIT, 
EV~1!'f BoO'! "iEU5 "'T 't)J 

1b GEl GOING , 

AA\) ~IM'O:S \1;( IDIOT 
SEIIIND ,(OJ 5ThRT':. 00Ni'\ 
TOO ~ /;NO 1\'0: sw.(~ 
lWO '«>J 1'., 1\\~ <a:>TIOIJI 
~ iOJ C»I G8 I>.~t . 

; I~ ~ ~ -- I -,~ 

Grove Caffe Celebrates Cinco de Mayo 
The Grove will celebrate Cinco de Mayo by display-

ing a collection of 011 and watercolor paintings by 
Gustel Faust, a German artist who spent 20 years 
living and traveling In Mexico. 

Faust will be speaking at the Grove at 5 p.m. 
tomorrow about her experiences and her work, which 
features colors and themes that ·capture the Mexican 
spirit. " 

For more information, call 542-1486, 

catholic Community to Build. 
House for a TlJu", ,MIl., 

Thirty members of the UCSD catholic community 
will join torces with Esperanza International from May 
19-21 to build a home tor a family in Tijuana. 

Families selected to have new houses built for 
them must pay half of the cost of construction mate-
rials, as well as contribute manual labor toward the 
actual construction. The UCSD volunteers raised the 
other half of the money needed. 

Esperanza Intemationalls a nonprofit organization 
similar to Habitat fOf' Humanity which connects needy 
families in Mexico with people who have the time and 
materials to help. 

Volunteers participate in all phases of construction 
of sin&Je-story, one or two-room concrete brick struc-
tures typically built in the hills surrounding Tijuana. 

This is the third year the UCSD Catholic Community 
has participated in a house-building project. 

Afflrm.tlve Action'. EHects on 
Public Institutions DIscussed 

The University of Califomia will stage a one-day 
forum conceming affirmative action and Its effects on 
public institutions and the private sector at UCLA's 
Griffen Commons from 9:45 a.m. to 5 p,m. on Wed., 
May 24. 

The forum. sponsored by the university's Academic 
Council and underwritten by the PacifIC Telesis Group, 
is bei~ held to Inform policy makers, educators, and 
members of the community about affirmative action, 
as well as to foster future discussion and debate. 

UC faculty and visiting scholars will participate in 
panel discussions in tour subject areas: the historical 
background of affirmative action, its sociological and 
political contexts, Its legal issues and its role in higher 
education. 

For more information, call (510) 987·9179. 

Mexican PIIotoiraphers Speak 
On Chi .... Document.y 

Marietta Bemstorff and Antonio Turok will speak 
from 4 p.m. to 6 p.m. tomorrow at the Visual Arts 
Complex's Performance Stage as part of the 
department's Visiting Artist series. 

Bemstorff, a free-lance curatOf' and photographer 
for Y Mucho Mas, Inc., and Turok. a documentary 
photographer who lived and worked in Chlapas, Mexico, 
for 20 years, are speaking in conjunction with the 
exhibition of ·Chiapas: Documented by Three Leading 
Mexican Photographers." 

The exhibition, featuring works by Marco Antonio 
Cruz, Angeles TorreJon and Turok. is curated by 
Bernstorff.1t beilns at San Dleao's Centro Cultural de 
la Raza on May 6 and runs through June 11. 

University of Nev_ Profe.sor 
To Give MM. BIoIo&Y Seminar 

James Raymond of the University of Nevada. Las 
Vegas. will hold a marine biology seminar entitled 
·Some Cold Adaptations in Marine Organisms" at 
noon tomorrow in 4500 Hubbs Hall at the Scripps 
Institution of Oceanography. 

For more information. call 534-5233. 

GUARDIAN 
BRENT JOHNSON. Associate Opinion Editor 

FRANCISCO DEVRtES, Features Editor 
TEDD WD, Sports Editor 

Muzhik, Marl< Patterson 
COl'\' READERS: John Murpny, Jenny Santelman 
TYPIST: CriStina Gurtman 
ADVEIITlIING INTIItN: Joe Pan 

rile OCSO~lSpo.CIIIShe<IMDr4IySIIICITIUIdW/S«riWII'ie-"''fUI\lJlllClfor\lle-
01 UCSO.1IeprocU:IIon oIlIIsl'ftStIIIJIf In 11ft form, _In _ or In __ pennIuIon I. 
1II1c:III"-, 0 1995, II rwu _ . rile UCSD QwdIIn I. not '"IIOMIt* for II'ie ""'" 01 
1IIIOIIdIecI ......... or lit. n. _ --'In Pl'*l1IICI1IO'IId __ or tOili, .. 1Ia1tl1lO 
not I*tIIIIIII rtptset'It \lie QIIInIonI 01 rile ucso ~ \lie ~ 01 CtIIbnII or \lie 

~~. IIJe UCSD QwdIInil IInIId .." '" ~ r 11". nat SaIIIIIII, n <M'I 
DOUG ALEXANDER. Editor In Chief 

IlMONE MtLLER, Copy Editor 
JONNA PALMER. AssOCiate News Editor 
MARIANNE VIllI., Associate News Editor 

lIN ELItN, A$soc~te News Editor 
ANNA WAllMAN, Opinion Editor 

DAN KRAFT, Associate Sports Editor 
JEFF NIOEL, Hiatus Editor 

YAKOY ZOLOTOREV, Photo Editor 
CHUCK NGUYEN, Associate Photo Editor 

DOMINIC LOBBIA, Graphics Editor 
IEFF LARSEN, Design Editor 

WARREN HO, Production Manllier 

l1li011 IT"" WIIITDtI: lIaren Cllenl, tvan DelVentll8l. Ben Eilln, Erik Johnson, 
Dan Sweeney 
ITAPF WRITUII: Christina aalne, Nina BOUChton, Peter Cllanc. Derek van 
Holten, Jenny lind, Rob Levinson, Terry Lew, Jeremey Malamed, HeatllerMcRee, 
Sean Rllllmi 
EDlTOItIA&. AIIISTANT: Terry lew 
ILLIIITItATOItI: MICIl. Croft, NatI1an Ellln, Mike iblY, Plul. lee, RICII Yumul 
DUll .... : Matthew BIIdwIn, Brenne lMh.." 
PHOTOOItAPtIIItI: Tlmotny Chen, Clt/leline HlrolI, Julie Munsterman, Heidi 

ClllCULAnON AIIISTANTS: Pablo Manluy, Etllan Martinez. David Rodlers 
BOB o.ANDREA, Business Office Manager 

MtKE MARnNEZ, Advertising and Art Director 
RlTHYA TANG, Advertising Assistant 

TARA EOFF, Ad Layout, Design and Traffic 
JOHN BARBER , Ad Layout and Design 

Editorial: 534-6580, News/Features: 534·5226. 
Opinion/SpOrts : 534-6582, Hiatus: 534-6583 

Business Office: 534-3466, Fax: 534-7691 
E·mlll : IUIl'ClllnOweber,ucsd.edu 

UCSD Guardian, 9600 Gilman Drive 0316, 
La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 

Actu81 10<-': SecIonII Floor, UCSO Studont Cente< IIYllCIinc 'A'. RIft, 217 

Thursday, May 4, 1995 

LOANS: 
Continued from .,... 1 
Magpantay. "It seems to me that 
subsidized loans is the only place 
where it can come from." 

Student advocates say there is 
little chance that the $12.5 billion 
cutback will be turned down at this 
stage, but they remain upbeat about 
the level of student activism on the 
issue. 

"The amount of work that stu-
dents have been doing all over the 
country is tremendous," said United 
States Student Association (USSA) 
member Laura McClintock. 

than 51,000 UC students received 
subsidized student loans lut year, 
while nearly 66,000 CSU students 
received the subsidy. 

If loan subsidies were eliminated, 
interest would accrue tbroughout the 
duration of a student's education, 
and would either have to be repaid 
immediately or compounded onto 
the loan's principal. 

The UCSA estimates that the 
average cost of a four-year educa-
tion in California would increase by 
$5,350 if the subsidy is eliminated. 
This would amount to a $523 mil-
lion increase in state-wide educa-

The UCSD Guardian 

lion costs for the 1995-96 flSCll year. 
McClintock said it would be pos-

sible for the Education Committee 
to leave the Stafford subsidies in 
place by cutting funds from other 
higher-eduCltion programs. She 
added tbat the Direct Loan Program 
could be made more co5t-efficient, 
thereby increasing funding for 
Stafford subsidies. 

However, McClintock said such 
a scenario is unlikely because the 
Education Committee chairs in both 
of the chambers of Congress are 
opposed to the Direct Loan Pro-
gram. 

The federal government pays 
interest on subsidized loans until six 
months after the student leaves 
school, at which time only the loan's 
principal must be paid back. Be-
cause subsidized loans are usually 
offered to students who display fi-
nancial need, opponents believe its 
elimination would hurt lower and 
middle-class students, 

Subsidized Stafford ~ were awarded to 51,058 UC 
and 65,864 CSU students for the 1993-94 school year. 
Below are the breakdowns by system. The average loan 
amount Is In parentheses. 

"The average student is being 
squashed," said Magpantay. "[Sub-
sidized loans) is what helps the 
lower- and middle-income students 
the most." 

According to ,!CSA data, more 

Emergency care 
for the 

student body. 
For medical attention 24 hours a day, turn 

to San Diego's most trusted name in health 
care: Scripps. Our technologically advanced 
emergency department is just minutes away, 
ready to treat the student body for evetything 
from minor upsets to major injuries, 

Emergency: 457-6150 
Physician Referral 

& Information: l-BOO-SCRIPPS 

!aQ Scripps Memorial Hospital 
00 La Jolla 
ScrlMJS M"morial Huspltub- Is " division 01 Scrlpp.Jll«lJlb. 

mE PHOLTOHED PHAm~ MClt 

Physics Verbal 

America's Best 
SUMMER SALES 

INTERNSHIP 

Kept Secret. 
If you wan! in on a greal secret, 
just li sten : The National 
Federation of Jnd~pendent 

Business is the voice 
of small busi· 
ness across the 
country. NFID 
is known as one 
of the to tough. 
eSI lobhies in 

.... 
---

-- Washington. 
We're currently looking for 
mOlivated summrr interns -
both full· and pan·time •• to 
build and maintain our memo 
berships. We provide training, 
prospeCll, support and weekly 
commissions .. you provide 
the dedkation. 
Call loday 10 inlern for a ca~ 
you can believe in! And, if 
you're unable to call , please 
foIwan:I your ~me 10 our pro-
cessing center: JUDI, 7676 
HWmoat, see. 19O. lIousIoo, 
TX 770t0. EOE. 

1-800-733-6222 
Z+~day, 7 days/WftIl 
The voice or smalllgillCSS. 
The lOicc or opportunity. 

A 
PROFESSIONAL (MeAT> 
PREP COURSr 

v 

To do battle with these bad boys, you've got to get trained. Not only do you need 
conceptual fluency, but on the latest MCATs you also have to be fast. That's why we 
offer more practice testing than any other course in the country-test taking skills 
are built a test at a time. The award-winning instructors of our 140-hoUl, 47 meeting 
course won't make you a legend of the Old West, but they will give you the tools you 
need to be Doc Holliday when the time is right. Come visit us (By EI-Torito). 
Course starts June 18th. 800 MD-BOUND 

~U •• _ ... _I"' ___ Al __ ~. 
/' 711 VLJI::'I -'1::'1:1' -, III IU ~::~::! ..I. wiIEKrrsTIllE'lYJGEI'SER/OlISABOUTTHErm.";;' 

NEWS 3 

A.S. MEETING NOTES 
Old Council 
./ The Housing and Dining Committee made 10al'H'eduction program 

students officially eligible to apply tor and receive affiliated housing. 
previously available only to graduate students and their families. 

./ From noon to 1:30 p.m, tomorrow at the student leadership chambers 
on the third floor of the Price Center there will be a broadcasting of a 
speech Tom Hayden is delivering on student fees and financial ald. A 
phone with a direct line will be available to ask him questions, 

nems of Immediate ConsIderation . 
./ Approval ot Momentum spending 1994-95 budgeted printing tunas on 

non-newsprint paper for a one time • magazine " issue to be produced 
and distributed by eighth week ot Spring Quarter. Passed. 

OIdia ....... 
./ Allocation of $908 from students organizations unallocated to Sigma 

Chi tor Derby Days Pub Night to be held on May 10 at Porter's PUb. 
Passed. 

New Council 
./ Election of Aiex Lam as senate chair. 

./ Election ot President Pro-tempore Souley Diallo. Passed. 

./ Allocation of $2.500 from student organizations unallocated to Voz 
Fronteriza for a conference. Passed, 

./ Allocation of $400 to pay for two vans to carry students to San 
Francisco to protest at the regents meeting. May 18-19. Passed. 

Now ENROWNG: SAN DIEGO'S #1 COURSE FOR THE 

totfJJ1fbla ;If eAT R wletd 
ServIng the UCSD pre-medlCII community IInce ,. 1 

* M.D. 's TRAINING M.D. 'S-OF-THE-FUroRE * 
·INfENSIVE MeAT preparation & medical scboolapplicationl 

admissions assistance are all we do! 
• MCAI EXPERTS: an independenJ program taught by UCSD-trained 

academic M.D.'s, top M,D,-Ph.D. candidates, & English Depanment 
Ph.D. faculty. 

• 0RlGINAIO& oot simulator, of intensive MeAT prep in San Diego, 
'10 WIEKS (150+ bours) of detailed in·dass instruction & real MeAT 

testing. problem solving. feading/writing wortsbops, review groups, 
med scbool application & admissions strategies, & tutoring. 

• - PAGES of original Jake-bome review notes, reading'" writing 
studyguides, MeAT & admissions strategy handouts, problem sets, &: 
MeAT -quality timed practice elllms. 

• REAl, MeAT TFSI1NG for in-class & take-bome practice. 
• DlBECf CONIACf with young UCSD docs '" med students. 
• MORING, pre-med library '" med school application help included. 
• ON CAMPUS at the UCSD School of Medicine 
• illWlR TUITION than other courses. 

1~~liU]!'~Ul~'D 456.8488 
II the most Izou r.\" 
II the he,\"t instructor.\" 
II thl' he.\/materials 
II the hestlocatio/l 
II thl' hest results 
II the IOB'e.\! cost 

San Diego's Intensive MCAT Prep Course! 



4 OPINION 

" EDITORIALS 
Ed/toriBi BoBfcJ 

DOUG ALEXANDER, Editor in Chief 
SIMONE MillER, Copy editor 

ANNA VAISMAN, Opinion Editor 

TlNI UCSO GuMllwtl. puOH_ twice • _k .. .". UnMt"'ty 01 C.lllo",i • • Son 0ieI0. Conton" 
0199!1. \/lows elP'ftMd _n "'-' the mojority vote of .". _Iii boord. """ ... not 

_urily thole 01 the UC Board 01 R ..... t •• .". ASUCSO. nor .". entire Gulll1len .taII. 

Duesberg's 'Crack Pot' 
Ideas Cannot Be Ignored 

uc Berkeley Professor Peter Duesberg has a theory 
which makes many people nervous - especially those 
involved in AIDS research. Duesberg, who has become a 
veritable black sheep in the scientific community, has spend 
the last several years trying to discredit the widely accepted 
theory that HIV causes AIDS. According to Duesberg, the 
devastating disease has little to do with the virus - or 
unprotected sex - but rather severe, prolonged drug use 
and other non-HIV-related environmental co-factors. 

Although the scientific community has refuted 
Duesberg's theory within the confines of obscure scientific 
journals and low-profile scientific forums, it has largely 
refused to do so publicly. 

Many of these researchers claim it would be "dangerous" 
to let the public know of Duesberg's theory via the media, 
saying it might lead people to believe that current AIDS-
prevent ion methods, such as using condoms, are unneces-
sary. ~y call Duesberg a fringe element and allude that 
he is rnissiQg .. few marbles. 

But if Duesberg is so wrong and out of touch, then his 
adversaries should stop all tbe secrecy and speak up. Either 
Duesberg is 011 to something and researcbers are afraid of 
loosing' glaJit' mSirey, as'be. ~A~!ms, ~~,~o.re likely, they fear. 
addressing his theories wiU-g.ve them 9'¢ence. Howeyer, If 
the ~ien9fic community thiDks that Duesberg's claim that 
HIV.doesn't cause,AIDS isdangerous, disproving his theory 
publicly could save the very lives they fear Duesberg 
threatens. 

Alarmingly, the press has said little about 
Duesberg's anti-HJV hypotbeses, The media is focused on 
either the murder trial of an ex-football star or the dragging 
out of childrens' bodies from a bombed-out building in 
Oklahoma. But this - a controversial theory on the cause 
of AIDS - bas been relegated to obscure publications and 
underground media. Amazingly, the press appears to be as 
paranoid about the issue as tbe researchers. 

However, the press, following the lead of the scientific 
community, would rather ignore the issue. But Duesberg 
will not disappear. He has already published his ideas and 
research in a book. Nobody can argue against Duesberg 
within the confines of his own work, but any decent news 
story would include the opposition - which, as almost 
every credible scientist will tell you, is quite fonnidable. 

Dean's Irresponsible 
Actions Spoil Elections· 

After enduring last year's A.S. elections, which were 
marked by a seemingly endless string of frivolous election 
violation charges, we hoped never to hear the phrase, 
"elections rescheduled" again. However, when Revelle 
Senior Senator Aaron Lipner filed a grievance against 
Revelle Dean Renee Barnett for extending the candidate 
application deadline without infonning all Revelle students, 
we were grateful that someone was watching out for the 
democratic process. 

The dean's erroneous actions were made worse by her 
refusal to acknowledge any wrongdoing. Barnett responded 
to these charges in a letter which stated, "I think that extend-
ing opportunities for students to be involved is [a] larger 
concern than ... technicalities." 

Denying students their right to a fair democratic process 
is hardly a technicality. In fact, it's a serious misuse of 
power. As a college dean and a supposed advocate for 
students, Barnett should have known better. 

Following Lipner's request, the RevelJe College Council 
has rightly voted to rehold its council elections. Hopefully 
Revelle administrators will take Lipner's other request to 
heart: Reprimanding Barnett for her shockingly unprofes-
sional behavior. 

The UCSD Guardian Thunday, May 4, 1995 

PINION 

~Afft IDt~: 
WITW RIS.ING UC FfESANDTU[ POSS'B~E 
REDUCTION OF FINANCIAL AID, TWE BOOK-
STORE DECIDES TO BROADEN IT5 MfRC1-!4ND1SE 

FOR WHOM THE WEDDING 
BELlS TOLL 

COMMENTARY: Marriage is a showcase for riotous relatives, huge 
. bills, Jordan almonds and frighteningly ugly polyester dresses 

JENNY 

LInn 

One of my closest friends 
from high school is geuing 
married this month, and I'm 
going to be her bridesmaid. I've 
been listening to her wedding 
plans for the last year and find 
it difficult to believe the 
amount of detail required to 
plan the "perfect wedding." Ev-
erything must be carefully se-
lected, color-coordinated and 
paid for: from 
the church to 
the tuxedos to 

Jaundiced I the custom-
pri nted ribbons 
around the 

lillie mesh bags of Jordan almonds 
at the reception. 

ner was cooked just right. 
Weddings have enormous potential for chaos, given 

that they involve large numbers of friends, associates 
and, best of all, families - with alliances, secrets and 
rifts. Brides must deal with problems such as: What 
are the new spouses of divorced Mom and Dad going 
to do during the Parents' Dance; what will tbe in-laws 
think if Aunt Lizzie gets drunk and starts singing Notre 
Dame fight songs like she did at cousin Sarah's wed-
ding; what if a champagne-enhanced Grandpa decides 
to take up his cesseless and vociferous defense of 

Lyndon Johnson? 
Happily, these are the bride's prob-

lems. As a bridesmaid, I am burdened 
with no such concerns. My issues are 
quite different. I went into a state of 
panic when my friend showed me 
some of the bridesmaid dresses I could 
possibly be wearing. 

The funny thing about weddings is 
that brides and all the other people in 
charge spend months planning every 
single detail so that "nothing goes 
wrong." After going to a perfect wed-
ding, you depart with a vaguely pleas-
ant impression that it was quite a 
lovely event; it blurs together with all 
those other perfect weddings you have 
attended. 

Brld.smald 

Bridesmaid dresses are notori-
ously hideous. The unofficial expla-
nation is that to make the bride look 
beller, you want all the other young 
women should look as bad as pos-
sible. Of all the strange wedding tra-
ditions, I think this should be the first 
to go. I find it difficult to understand 
why one would deliberately impose 
such profound ugliness on the women 
who are supposedly one's dearest 
friends. 

However, the most memorable 
wedding occurrences are inevitably 
things that went wrong. For ex-
ample, the wedding of Prince 
Charles and Lady Diana: My only 
memory from that storybook event 
(except that it was clearly a grave 
error in the first place) is that Diana 
mixed up all Charles' names during 
the vows. 

Unless your wedding is being 
covered by the international media, 
it is the errors - the delightful, un-
controllable "human comedy" of 
weddings - which make them en-
joyable. No one will be doubled-over 

dr ....... 
notoriously 
hideous. Th. 
unofficial 
explanation I. 
that to make 
the bride look 
better, you 
want all the 
other young · 
women looking 
a.bad •• 
po.slble. 

fensive color. 

Bridal magazines advertise pages 
and pages of nightmarish creations. 
They look as if they were designed 
when Yves St. Laurent and Donna 
Karan were hanging out, smoking 
something wacky, and they started 
sketching while giggling, "No, wait, 
wait, what if we did this!" I've never 
seen anything naturally composed of 
any of these colors, which shine glar-
ingly in their polyester glory. Not only 
do we have this dress to deal with, we 
have to punish an innocent pair of 
shoes by dyeing them to match the of-

with laughter at Christmas dinner because the flow-
ers were just perfect. No one will wipe tears of mer-
riment from their eyes while telling a newcomer to 
the family that the chicken at Kevin's wedding din-

Dressed in this abomination, I would be quite will-
ing to pay people as much money as I could scavenge 

See WEDDING, Page 6 

Thunday, May 4, 1995 The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

COMMENTARY: Chicano newspaper concentrates on making La Raza the perpetual victim of 
white domination rather than emphasizing self-empowerment and responsible citizenship 

HYPOCRISY ALIVE AND WELL IN VOZ FRONTERIZA 
By Peter Chana 
Staff Writer 

With the imminent demise of 
the Koal4, the campus' official hu-
mor paper, UCSD will be deprived 
of rich, ironic and outrageous 
printed witticism so integral to the 
collegiate experience. In the search 
for a suitable substitute, I've 
stumbled upon VozFronteriza. For 
those of you whose memory of 
high school Spanish is limited to 
phrases like Donde ut4 el bai/o? 
and No tengo dinero, senor, Voz 
Fronteriza translates roughly to 
Chicano Victim hood Rag. The 
kindest thing which can be said 
about Voz is that it is a humor news-
paper, albeit unintentionally so. 
Recent editions do not inspire a 
glowing Rview. 

Picking up the March issue, I 
was greeted with a pictuR of Gov. 
Pete "I swear I'm notgonna run for 
president" Wilson, with cross hairs 
centered around his head and a cap-
tion which read, "Wanted: Pete 
Wilson Raza Enemy '1." Pete Wil-
son, states the subcaption, is 
wanted for the following crimes 
apinst LA Raza (the people): Cut-
ting education from kindergarten to 
the university level, supporting the 
abolition of affirmative action, 
building mOR prisons and signing 
tbe Three-Strikes initiative. These 
will confine La Raza to prisons, 
kick La Raza out of school, stop LA 
Raza from receiving medical caR, 
cut La Raza's welfare benefits, and 

so on. 

Curiously, theR is no mention 
of crimes committed by "LaRaza" 
which got them into prison in the 
first place, no mention of the fraud 
which is involved in illegal immi-
grants cuhing in on our money-
vomiting welfare system and no 
mention of the extent to which af-
firmative action discredits and di-
lutes the value of college degrees. 
Turning the page, one is greeted 
with a bold declaration from the 
editor: The California Civil Rights 
Initiative (CCRI) is the "Latest At-
tack on the Mexican People. "It de-
cries the fact that "Mexicans will 
fall victim again to unfair, racist 
laws. Racist gringo politicos who 
support OCRI say they simply seek 
the principles of a colorblind soci-
ety embodied in the 1964 U.S. 
Civil Rights Act. The CCRI· will 
prevent at even higher rates, Mexi-
cans from attending college, get-
ting hiRd at skilled and profes-
sional jobs. " 

Think that's funny? It gets bet-
ter: 
\ "The CCRI of 1996 must be 
viewed. another attack apinst our 
people. Witbin the lut 10 years, 
~'ve been 1ttIck~ by the EnaliIlt 
ODIy Law, wbic:b makes EaglislI the 
official .......... By outlawing our 
language, tbis syltem atlempCI to 
destroy our culture and our identity 
u Mexican people .... The War on 
Drugs under tbe Reagan Era put 
moR police and law enforcement in 

VC8D L8 alell8 C8mpus BfJekstfJre 
~M-READ • LfJc8ted in the Price Center 
VC8D D0wnt0IUn S8n DiegfJ BefJkstfJre 

~~ti-@@~8 • ~@@ W. Bre8dw8Y 8t Kettner Blvd. 
Stephen Birch Aqu8rium BfJfJkshfJp 

~~@@ ExpeditifJn W8Y • L8 alfJII8 

hearty chortles which follow read- To fully understand VOl 
ing such wildly outrageous claims Froruerizll, one must understsnd the 
must be tempered with the sober- resentment and bitter envy which 
ing realization that people - a percolates from the ranks of 
frighteningly large number of Chicano Victimhood. This is a 
them - actually believe the stuff movement fanned by opportunistic 
VOl writes. leaders who promote the very types 

Voz Fronterlza 
.... sIat .. roughly 
to ChIcano 
V1ct1mhood __ 

The pages of Voz ooze with of activities which ensure the alit-n-
paranoia: Any law, action or ation of La Raza from mainstream 
agency which produces any financial, political and social ad-
amount of discomfort for a person vancement. These leaders, whose 
of Latino heritage il perceived as sole source of power is the power-
a part of a carefully coostructed lessness ofthe disenfranchised they 
conspiracy by evil white men who lead, position themselves as the sav-
want to destroy the Latino commu- iors of "the people" and pour an 
nity. Honestly, how paranoid do endless stream of poison into the 
you have to be to claim that" ... the ears of their all-too-eager followers. 
government itself put drugs in our They told students, for instance, that 
neighborhoods to infiltrate our walking out of school to demon-
homes?" strate against Proposition 187 was The kindest till,.. 

that can be ..... 
about Voz Is that 
It I. a humor 

How does the government "put an effective way to empower them-
drugs" into a neighborhood? Do selves. 
Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms "Empowerment" and "fran-
agents fan out across East Los An- chise" seem to be the buzzwords 
geles with crack bagl, dropping of the latest tRnds in victimization. 
baggies off the front doorstep' of And while the movement promises 
families with Latino-sounding both, the reality is that the naked 
names? Maybe theY'R smuggling emperors of ethnic narcissism de-
it in by spiking Alberto's burritos liver neither. Opportunistic self-de-
with cocaine (admittedly, this par- clared messiahs undentand all too 
tieular tactic would probably hit well the powerfuJ appeal wbich a 
drunk college students more se- c.arefully scripted mantra of 
veRly). And how Ijoes the govern- victimhood hu on a larac major-
ment get presumably unwilling ity of the JlCC?ple they intend to 

new ...... r. albeit 
unintentionally 
so. 
our barrios, when in fact it was the 
government itself who put drugs in 
our neighborhoods to infiltrate our 
homes." 

I always hAve to say, "Look, 
I'm ttot making this up!- when-
ever I repeat these canards to 
friends at colleges less infiltrated 
with stupidity than ours. As funny 
as the material it, however, the 

Latinos to ingest drugs until they fleece. ' -
aR addicted? DO FBI agents in ' ! The tenet of victimhood -
dark suits storm into barrios with whether gender, as evidenced by the 
intravenous equipment and drip- Women'l Movement, or race, as 
feed heroin to resisting LA Raza at evidenced by papers like VOl 
gunpoint? See 11M, Pace 6 

'95 
SUNDAY • MAY 11 

r .,. Ill" 
• AU rides begin and finish at Felicita County Park. Escondido 
• 10, 40 4: 60 mile road rides, includes scenic rides toward the coast 
• IS-mile mountain bike ride through Lake Hodges 
.. , ,II_ 
• HeartRide '95 cycling cap for all riders 
• Top fundraisers e1igib1e for additional prizes 
• After-ride party featuring heart healthy food from KJ's of Cardiff 

and featuring the famous brews of Solana Beach Brewery 
• Bagel breakfast courtesy of Baltimore Bagel 

...."., 
7:00 am DayoQf-ride registration begins 
7:30 am Staggered starts begin 

.. 

From 1·15. IIldt \lie FIancho 
Pwlcwlly. _ on R8ncIIo Ploy. '" 
FelldI8 Rd .• rIgtII on FIIIciIa Ad. PorII __ 1/2 ml. on left. 

60 mi~ 7:30 ~A~ fiTIilii ~dU ~~ MIn. bike 9:00 
10 mi~ 9:30 <D m 

11:00 am-l:OO pm After ride cetebration ..... ~ .~ 2:00 pm coune closed - _. 
__ 1"5 HO!!!!,,, ClNtlnun Scott TInley, ~ .!..ro...!.lI!!n wlnll!! __ 

Mail ~ form ua4 cbeck payable to: AHA, 36tO Fifth Aft., San Diqu, CA 92103 
Last Name _____________ First ______ _ 

~-------------------------------------------
aty/Stat~ip ___________________________________ _ 

Te1ephcme(home) _________ (work) ________ _ 
RouteyOllare~ t'or _______________ _ 

Check one: _ 1. Adult Regi.ltration - $26 _ 2 Youth (under 16) - $20 
_ 3. Early Bini (bdaft 5-14-95) - $23 FREE WATER BOTTLE FOR 

tiM -8 7li~ Bestsellers rTI8Q8Zi nes, textbefJks 
rTIedic81 bfJfJks i instruments, cemputer 
i- electrenic dep8rtl1lents 8re excluded. 

_ .. Team of Pive Riders - $100 FIRST 300 TO SIGN-UP! 
Waiwr of RnponaIbUity millt be Iigoed at the nmt to putidpalll ill HftltRide '95 

CALL ('1')191-7454 JO. MOIIllifOIMTIOII 



6 OPINION The UCSD Guardian Thursday, May 4, 1995 

WEDDING: make you go through a long, fidg- would think that they poaesa the liously try to host a tasteful event. commitment. Of COUBe, the bride's ely polyester day, she'll make you power to send you flying off to You will be charged huge sums of happiness should be valued above 
Bridesmaids' remember it forever. Kansu if you click the heels to- money for spuming the hot-pink all else Gust don't do this again 
dyeing ordeal Worse still, huge sums of gether three times. From the mo- warmed-over prom dresses which soon!). 

money are extorted from you for ment you walk into a store and have ruled with an iron fISt for so So while my friend racks her 
ContInued froII'I ..... 4 this dress which will rot in your identify that your purchase is for a many years. It will cost you to look brain about how to contain Aunt 
not to take pictures of me and never closet until the end oftime. (Actu- wedding, the price spontaneously good. Lizzie and Grandpa, I wrestle with 
to mention my appearance again. ally, bridesmaid dresses look hardy skyrockets. With the dress, the shoes, the finances. I figure I don't need to 
Unfortunately, you are required to and brash enough to survive a Luckily, my friend, who has ex- jewelry, the shower gift, the wed- eat until the wedding. I'll just 
be photographed at weddings, and nuclear holocaust. They will out- cellent taste, settled on beautiful ding gift, the airline ticket, the gather up a bunch of those bags of 
these pictures will be immortalized live us all.) The dress will set you bridesmaid dresses. However, the hairdo and all the miscellaneous almonds at the reception and hoard 
on mantels and in treasured photo back hundreds of dollars, and the laws of Wedding Land are strict and details, bridesmaids face an ex- them until I've paid off my Visa 
albums. Not only will your friend dyed shoes are so expensive, one deal severely with those who rebel- traordinarily expensive financial bill. 

RAG: Leading When an indifferent world the first step toward that long slip- mination of protest marches, ral- ciety, effort and talent and a touch filled with contradictions says, pery slope down the stairwell of lies and sit-ins. It is the steady of luck are all anyone needs. Al-
to slippery slope "Be responsible, in spite of what- failure, to which so many young application of effort, toil and though the path to independence 
of victimization ever setbacks you may have suf- people are tragically shuttled by sometimes tears against seem- and responsible citizenship may fered," the appeal of the "poor the hucksters who told them they ingly insurmountable odds which be boring - there are no dramatic 
Continued from .,..e 5 me" (or, in the case of ethnic vic- were being led to the promised yield that precious fruit. Being rallies, there is no jingoistic chant-
Fronterizll - is the same: I am not timization, "poor us") mentality land. white is no guarantee for success, ing against hated Republican op-
responsible. I am a victim. I deserve can be overwhelmingly seductive. Empowerment is not some- in spite of what the pundits tell pressors of La Raza - it sure 
special care. Yet, to buy into this mind-set is thing which is received as the cul- you. In a modern, capitalistic so- beats the alternatives. 

Opinion Writers: Meeting Today at 3:30 

~--"I)ra,.ant this coupon and 
SAVE AN EXTRA WI. Off our 
already extreme low prices! Killer 
styles. An epiC selection. Radical 

savings- guaranteed! For example: 
...... C-••• 'rw 
RAY-BAN $2799 
Orig. price from $100. 
Our everyday low price 
from $39.99 
SUNClOUD $2799 
Orig. retail from $75. 
Our everyday low price 
from $39.99. 

~r~g~~i?!~ from $7560 
$135. Our everyday 
low price from $108.00. 
PEZ $1820 
Optical quality glass 
I~nses. Compare 
to values from $83-$156. 
Our everyday low price 
from $25.99. 

NOW ONLY SAVE 50% 
UCSD T-SHIRTS $700 
Rec.$14 
La Jolla Village Center only. 

w1a'ifi, ~, & Ti 
Th, Sutlll,a Llld" 

• LI JolIl La Jolla Village Center 
& 1241 Prospect 

• PlClllc .. aell Promenado 
• EJcInitlalumberyard 

& other loeaIions throughout SIn Diego 

HURRY! 
COUPON Off fR UJDS :J 19) 

- ,I r ,t, II , \ "t 'I ' 
(lIlt I '[I' II II' ,," , 

Produced wltll Pride by tile ForulII of Fr .. 'lloyCllt 9 1 
ISBN D-2Dl-Sb7bD-l 

Sb7bD 

DIEGO CONVE 
III West Harbor 

American Express, Visa, Mastercard, Discover card, checks and 

Thursday, May 4,1995 

REGENT: 
Davies says low fees 
subsidize wealthy 
Continued from page 1 
jective factors such as economic, 
single-parent homes, non-English 
speaking .... It's not race itself, it is 
those things that those races suffer 
disproportionately ... 

Davies also said he believes the 
proposed California Civil Rights 
Initiative will be passed and that 
"These race preferences are going 
to be outlawed whether we like itor 
not. " 

According to Davies, the goal of 
the university is not to make up for 
past discrimination, but to assure it 
has no discriminatory policies. 

"Nobody, by race, should have a 

SITE: 
Continued from page 1 

"[Students] all have to move into 
areas that are much higher in cost 
than they ' re coming from," he 
added . 

Aydelotte added Ihat since few 
UC graduates live in the San Joaquin 

priority," he said. 
UCSA members said the UC is 

becoming less accessible to middle-
and lower-income students because 
of rising costs. 

However, Davies said that ac-
cessibility was not the university'S 
only priority. _ 

"My general feeling is, and I 
think the feeling of most regents is, 
that we have to do whatever we can 
with the limited resources to main-
tain the quality of the university. 
That's our No.1 objective," Davies 
said. 

Davies added that access to a 
mediocre university would not help 
the students or the state. 

" I know the students feel that the 
entire burden of the shrinking re-
sources is falling on them, but, in 
fact, the problem of replacing lost 

area, very few alumni scholarships 
are available to potential UC stu-
dents. 

However, Aydelotte said Ihalthe 
new campus would not be open for 
at least another 10 years. He added 
that construction of the new campus 
is contingent upon the state's will-
ingness to fund the project. 

FULL TIME SUMMER, part time academic year 
positions available in development of computer 
multimedia and virtual reality with applications to 
science education. as well as research in chemical 
physics, starting this summer. Approximately $10/hr. 

For students, who will be at UCSD for at least 3 
more years. and who are extraordinarily intelligent, 
creative, innovative, hard working, and who have 
received top grades. We will provide training for the 
right people. 

For more Information on applying, pi .... contad 
Bonnie Bishop Stark at 534-2572; by mall at Chemistry 
0339, UCSD, 8500 Gilman Drive, La Jolla. CA, 92093; or 
by .mail at batark@ucad.edu. (Career Services ·Center. 
Part-time Employment - Job 19(4958) 

The career spotlight is on 
Bose-, the company that's 

making its mark in retail by 
expanding in exciting new 

markets throughout the 
country. Just don't expect our 

Music Theatre, our exciting 
'store within a store' concept, 

to be like anything you've 
ever seen. You see, as a 

member of the Bose team. 
you'll focus on educating our 

customers demonstrating 
incredible product perfor· 

mance in unique and 
imaginative ways. You'll 
provide the very best In 

customer service from the 
first question to the actual 

transaction and beyond . 

Join u. In our Mu.'c Th •• 're 
In S.n 01,,0 •• w, cr,.,.,h. fDllowln, 
unpr.ced,nt.d oPPDrtunlty: 
Retail Account Associate 
Pari-Time 
lightsl Music! Action I It's Just you, your audience, and 
the Bose family of Quality products. We are looking for 
an energetic, team-oriented and charismatic person to 
invite customers to take part in our Music Thealre 
demonstration, provide excellence in customer service. 
and demonstrate the incredible performance of our 
music systems. We offer a comprehensive training 
program in audio technology. Retail experience is 
preferred, but the ability to present a show-slopping 
demonstration is essential. 

CIII ,our Clreer Counselor to lit up In 
appOintment with I BOSE Repre.entatlve on 

Ma, 15th Dr attend our Open Hou.e. on 
.ednl.dl,. MI, 17th. It The Red Lion. 

7450 Hlnrd Clntlr Drill, Sin Oligo. CA . 
Phonl: 811-217-5418. 

AII .... I ."orlllllty .m,lo"r . 

--B05~ 
Bettcf sound through rcscarch. 

The UCSD Guardian 

resources is falling on students about 
2S percent and we have increased 
financial aid." 

Because one third of tuition goes 
back into financial aid, Davies said 
that lower-income students who rely 
heavily on financial aid are pro-
tected by the higher fees. He added 
that lower fees would subsidize 
wealthy families. 

"Nearl y 70 percent of students in 
the UC system come from higher-
income families and it doesn ' t make 
a lot of sense to me that the taxpay-
ers should subsidize the education 
of those students." Davies said. 

SPEAK Chairwoman Ingrcd 
Benedict said the meeting was a 
success. "We new to know where 
he stands so that we can know where 
we need to head with protests," she 
said. 

"Traditionally, it·s about a 50-
50 split," he said. "About half [of 
the construction funding] comes 
from the state ... 

However, according to 
Aydelotte, UC has received an in-
creasingly smaller amount of its 
funding from the state. "It's a 
struggle every year," he said. 

NEWS 7 

GRADUATE FROM 
HIGH SCHOOL TO HIGH-TECH. 

Look in the mirror. 
Youll see a young person 
who could probably qual-
ify for high-tech training 
in the U.S. Army_ 

Satellite communica-
tions ... avionics ... digital 
systems ... computers ... 
lasers ... .fiber optics __ . 

The Army gives you a choice of over 50 specialty 
skills on the cutting edge of todays technology_ Any 
of them will give you a big edge on a bright future. 

Look in on your local Army Recruiter and ask 
about high-tech training for your future in today's 
modern Army. 

(619)569-7878 
ARMY. BEALL YOU CAN BE: 

A good education 
really pays off 

, (In fact, we have your first 50 bucksJ 
r--------------------------------------------------------------_______________ , 

Mr. D Ms. D Current SKYPASS (FTBS) member? D Member number Date of bi rrh 

First name Middle name Last name 

School Year In school Major 

Current address 

City State ZIP Phone 

Permanent address 

City State ZIP Phone 
Would you like us to mail to D your current address or D your permanent address_ 
Cut and mail to: Korean Air SKYPASS. 1813 Wilshire Blvd_, Los Angeles, CA 90057 

L ___________ ~-----

()fli,r I, good from April 15~U/", 15. 
Coupon "good IiJr ",,,,,,I be ....... 
April 15 and Decentl,." H. 1'1<>5 

Non-'nns~l'1bit I,I,1(h ~lrtctk)n1 

Education has its rewards. And here's proof. Srudents can get coupons good for $50 

off economy class or $100 offbusiness/ ftrst class tickets on Korean Air.Just fill our the 

SKYPASS frequent flyer application above and mail. (Yes, current members are eligible 
for the discount. Just reapply.) Once you redeem a coupon and travel on Korean Air, 
be sure ro save your tickets or boarding passes. Why? You can use them in upcoming Far 

promotions for great sruff, like notebook pes and Korean Ai r tickets. Arr '17 'll fT i -. ' 

Your edl1c<1tion is nlready helping you g' lace 



8 

1 

I 
I 
ij 
t 
.. 
. 

Ii 
) 
f 
t j. 
l 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, May 4,1995 

EVERY VACATION, THE SMITHS ALWAYS COUNTED ON TWO THINGS: 
LOTS OF 1-800-COLLECT CALLS HOME, AND ANN COLLIDING WITH THE BOAT. 

I 1-800-COLLECT 
Siva Tbe People You Gall Up To 44%. 

Thursday, May 4,1995 

~P~HT~ HOGE 
TEDDLADD 

America's 
Embarrassment 

I feel like an ugly Ameri-
can. 

I feel like those cheesy 
American travelers who sign 
up for" Adventure Tours" in 
other countries. I feel like 
those Hawaiian-shirt-wearing, 
Nikkon-carrying, "Ricki 
Lake" -watching, cholesterol-
consuming, Forrest Gump-
worshipping, compact car-
driving, beach-going, trendy 
tourists. 

What, you may ask, has 
made me feel this way? It 's 
really quite simple. It's the 
America's Cup. Talk about a 
blight upon our land. Talk 
about an embarrassment of 
epic proportions. Talk about a 
pathetic excuse for a sporting 
event. It just makes me sick. 

The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 9 

Flashed across millions of 
TV screens and written about 
in hundreds of papers, people 
around the world keep up with 
this sailing spectacle. And jusl 
what can they be thinking? Is 
this what America is all about? 
Is this the bread and butter of 
the 01' U.S.A. Well, in a 
simplistic way, il is . 

Mter all, the America's Cup 
is very much about the worst 
aspects of American life. It's 

Chuck Njluyen/GuM1lan 
Chris Miyake was down on thIs play, but he and the Tritons were on their feet when he ran horne .. the wlnnln, run In the ninth. 

about ... 
Utlgatlon. Races during 

the event are won in the 
courtroom more often than out 
on the open seas. For a nation 
transfixed by the O.J. Simpson 
trial, the America's Cup is the 
perfect elixir. In facl, I read in 
a serious article somewhere 
that being a adept tactician -
skipper of the boat - involves 
making adept arguments to the 
governing board. Pitiful. 

UCSD Makes Its Point 
NARROW ESCAPE: Tritons surrender five runs in the n.inth, but hang on vs. Point Lorna, 12-11 

Corporate Money. Dennis 
Conner gets a second chance at 
the final races after losing fair-
and-square. Because of merit? 
No. Because of boat problems? 
No. Because of unfair wind 
conditions? No. Because a 
bunch of big companies paid 
lots of money to sponsor him 
in the finals? Bingo. 

Misguided Feminism. 
Don ' t tell me you didn 't hear 
the rallying cries. "We can do 
it beller than men!" they 
exclaimed. "We don't need 
their help!" they screamed. 
"Down with sexism'" some 
wailed. "Bill Koch is a brave, 
noble man!" others crooned. 
Of course, all this blatantly 
divisive feminism pervad ing 
the Mighty Mary boat lasted 
about as long as its crew was 
wiliing to lose race-upon-race. 

See DISGRACE, Pal:.e 13 

Staff Writer 
It took four hours to complete. 

But after 23 runs, 28 hits and 10 er-
rors the Tritons got the job done. In 

the longest game of 
the year played at 
Triton Stadium, 
UCSD notched its 
23rd victory of the 

.. season with a close 
~ 12-11 win over Point 

Loma Nazarene. 
Senior Dan 

O'Brien came through in the bot-
tom of the ninth with a clutch two-
out single to drive in teammate 
Chris Miyake for the winning run. 

"I am happy to be part of this 
thing, and God willing everything 
will work out [for the play-offs]," 
O'Brien said. "Somedays you win, 

Game at a Glance ... 

somedays you lose, and sometimes 
it rains." 

UCSD improved its record to 23-
13, barely hanging on to the hisi 
pI a y -off spot. 

Freshman Nathan Celusta got the 
nod to start for the Tritons, picking 
up the slack for an overworked 
pitching staff. ucsn was coming 
off a weekend tourney, and Head 
Coach Robert Fletcher was forced 
to go with an inexperienced, yet 
fresh arm. 

Celusta showed early game jit-
ters, giving up three runs in the first 
inning. UCSD, however, answered 
in the bottom of the first, tallying 
four runs of its own. 

Triton leadoff hitler Eric Quandt 
singled to right field, and Junior 
Bobby Arban walked to put two run-
ners on base. Chris Miyake was the 

next batter, and he 
promptly lined a 

I .l ill t \ --; I..., (I r ,< ! 
double to left field, 
scoring two runs. 

Pt.Loma 31100100511118 
TrIto .. 40010321112172 
W: Robins (2·1), liP, 2 K, 3 H, 2 ER 
L: Schilz, N/A 
Miyake, C. 2 singles, 4 RBI, scored winnIng run 

Still with no outs, 
Craig Birk hit a 
rocket to fi rst base, 
and the Crusaders 
first-baseman was 

able to knock it down to keep 
Miyake from scoring. UCSD then 
a\tempted a double-steal, as Birk 
was caught stealing at second. 
Miyake managed to score from 
third. 

The inning was 
far from over be-
cause AI DelFavero 
singled and O' Brien 
drew a walk. 
DelFavero moved to 
third on one of the 
eight Crusader foul-
ups, and he scored on 
Carl Abramson 's 
ground out. 

"[Point Loma] 
made a lot of errors, " 
Fletcher said. "We 
still left a bunch of 
guys on base, and we 
could have scored 
some more runs." 

Point Loma 
grabbed single runs 
in the second and 
third innings to take 
the lead, but the Tri· 
ton hometown 

at five apiece in the bottom of the 
fourth. Celusta contributed four in-
nings of work and gave way for re-
lief pitcher Mike Bryant in the fifth 
inning. Bryant finished with three 

See SQUEAKER, Page 13 

hardballers tied it up Eric Quandt (2) hustles back to third b .... 

','J ~ ~ :':.1;1:':.1 ••••••• ________ .I~J:iI.]~i ;It) ~I~ ________ _ 

........ 1: 
Sat., May 6 , VS. Cal State-San Bernardino at Triton Stadium, 

12 p.m. 
MM'.C .... : 

Sun., May 7, at Newport Invite in Newport Beach, CA 
Women'. Craw: 

Sat., May 6, at Miller Cup in Marina Del Rey, CA 
WOIIIft'. Wilt_ Polo: 

Sat., May 6, vs. Sunset San Diego at Canyonview, 5 p.m. 

.. 1I1nC: 
The Triton 
skippers 
weathered the 
storms, racking 
up another 
successful 
month of 
racing. 

Wilt., Skllnt: 
The UCSD 
skiers grabbed 
fourth place at 
the ASU Mirage 
Collegiate 
Water Ski Open 
held last 
weekend. 



10 CLASSIFIEDS 

\ \ \ 4 H \ 4 .F \I J: \ T~ 
Cash for college. 900,000 9""tl 
avaIabIe. NoNpllyrnenls, ...... QualIfy 
immediately. 1-800-243-2435. (413-61 
8) 
FREE FINANCIAlAIDI Over $6 Bilion 
In private aector grants & scholarships 
II now avaIabIe. All students are eligible 
regardl ... of gr.d •• , Incom., or 
parenrs Income. Let us help. Call 
Student FInanciII ServIces: 1-800-263-
6495.xL F59762. (416-518) 
"'The UFO and Allen Masquerad., , 
What's r..ay going on?· II the topic of 
Dr. KII1a Tumer, PhD. ushe explores 
the AIIen-Abduttion Mystery. &nIay, 
May 7th, 1 :3Oprn- Ou.11ty Resort, 
MillIon V..., 875 Hotel CIrde South, 
studenIa - $1~ Info 753-7291. (514) 
"l.ooIOOg for the C.RAS.H. lash and 
win .... cuhlll· Every Friday lpOtIers 
wi ask you the C.RA.S.H. lash. So 
find the fteah end learn the ftash to get 
free $$III (514) 

VIa of RenaIaaanc:e ApII. $272.00/ 
mo. Female needed to live with 3 oIher 
friendly UCSO Grads and soon-to-be 
Grad. for the summer only. Clean and 
responsIbIel Call 587-4767. (4124-51 
11) 
Room for Rent: 15 min. to UCSO. own 
bath, washer/dryer, new, gated condo 
complex. $35OImonIh, Iditlesincluded, 
565-62n. (511) 
Carmel Valley. 375Imo + deposit. Own . 
room In 38R/2.5 SA townhouse. Close 
to campus. Creative, responslbl., 
honest person. call 792-8593. (511-51 
4) 
Female student wanted for IUMI8I' 
and/or school year In StR1Y, friendly 
apartment behind UTC. Own bdnr\,t)a 
$392.50. Call Sarah 587-2586. (511-51 
15) 
Downtown: S350Iup 14 free days. 
$487.00 rnG\IeI you In. Grell, large 
studios. FumIshecI/U1fUmlshed. Free 
elec:lrIc. Near bus. 233-7428. (511-51 
11) 

The UCSD GuardiaJI Thursday. May 4. 1995 

CLASSIFIEDS 
ClIlssifted advertising is sold in 20-word incremenIs. The rate per 20 wt»rU is $2 for 
students (for personal use only), $3 for faculty and staff, and $4 for others. Payment in 
advance is requiml; therefore, ads must be mIliled with a check (made payable to The 
UCSD Guardian) or presented in person. DemJlines are 3 p.m. Thursday for Mondizy s 
issue, and3 p.m. Monday for Thursdays issue. The Guardian reserves the right to refuse 
any advertising including but not limited to comptI1Iionship ads. For more informatiOn 
caU534-5416. Mailingaddress: UCSDGuardian,AItn:CIossiJieds, 9500GilmonDrive, 
0316,.LaJolIa, CA 92093~316.Ac/UQladdrr!ss: SIudenlCenter A, top floor. 

MOm In be1Ldu13 bedn:Iom houM In 
MIra MeIa West. 8 ml from campus. 
Only $280 • monIh from June 17 to 
October 1. Nidi 895-2418. (511-514) 
RooramateIwanledforsummer. Stwe 
master 2751mo or single room 36OImo 
In condo 5 mlns. from UCSD 3 
bedrooms, 2.5 baIhs. AwIA. JIm 18. 
Cd Jerad 552-3490. (514-5118) 

UTCILa Jolla Colony Towmom.: 3-
Bedroom, 215 balh, '1325; Newcarpet/ 
pUt; washerldryer, ~. 1500 
sq.ft. near VOI1I, Colla erda, UTe; 
JWy 1. ~. (514-5111) 

AlFUNE FUGHT ATTENDANT JOBS. 
New book reveals aeaets, tella how. 
Guaranteed. For Info cal: 1-«lO-7-

FlJCI~. (4/10-5111) 

I reccMlAldfrom AIDS cleansing myself 
with clay, •• una herbs and .trict 
vegetarian diet. call Robert 491-9271 
for more details. (514) 
Don' mill th8 1995 (Reggae on the 
Bay GnaJation CelebratIon) on Sat. 
.lint 171h. DIsc:ountIId tidcell are on 
.... II the MatshaII College Dean's 
oIIIce IrIII May 12th. For more lifo call 
534-i390. (511-518) 

HilcresWalboa park $39OIup 14 free 
days. Must seel Unique, large 1IUdIos. 
Laundry, Free utlities. Near bus. 236-
0452. (511-5111) 

Fat Fundralser - raise $SOO In 5 days 
- greeks, groups, clubs, motivated 
IndMduala. Fat, easy - no financial 
obligation. (800) n5-3851 EXT. 33. (1/ 
30- 618) 

CruIsing shipe now hiring- Earn up to 
S2OOO+/monIhworlclngonCtuileShipl 
or Land-Tour companies. World travel 
(HawaiI, M.xico, the CarIbbean, etc.) 
Seasonal and full-tine employment 
available. No elCP8rience necessary. 
For more Information call 1-208-834-
0488.xL C59766. (4117-6111) 

SImn.subiease.1 ~ roomS300-
Downtown $430 14 free days. Terrific $350 in P.B. or University City. 
I.rge 1 b.droom. Furnished/ EasygoIngroornmatll.CalAngle453-

~,Ia&nIry, freeelec:trlc. Near 3503. (514) DriversIFIorist PrttlMothers' Day May 
bus. 233-7428. (511-6111) --------- DriverIJFIorIst ~'Day May 12, 13, 14. Own vehicle. 822-9999 

Two single furnished rooms avaIabIe 12, 13, 14. Own vehicle. 822-9999 8750 C3enesee Avenue. (4120-518) 

RPB's BIllIe of the Bands: May 5, 
Cinco de Mayo, It SIoIl8hengestarting 
al4:oojm-",IChorMwwlbeierYlng 
dinner! (!(1-5I4) 

3 bedIoom IiIMr1IIcua near UCSD, 
UTe. Poat, .WIIfw,·'Cffyer. AwIIIbIe 
IUII'IIIW «til. $114O/mori1h. C8II Nina 
792-6453. (4/13-514) 
For Rent 2 lingle rooms In 3-bedloorn 
2.5 baIh townhome, $375 per room; 

~VGnI, CoIIeV .. , UTe; watter/ 
dryer, NfrIgerIIor. July 1. 55N706. 
(-4I1o-5i4) 
Roornate wanted. North Clairmont 
S314/mo. + $265 deposit and 1/4 
utlitiel. Greet roommates who sponsor 
NORML Call 273-3975. AvaH 5115. (4/ 
24-514) 
Female roommate wanted. Share 2 
bedr00m/2 bath Mira Mesa apartment 
with quiet lJIICIuate student. S372/mo + 
1/2 utlitiel. 1549-2692. (4/27-514) 
Condoior rent: $950 3 Bdrm, 1.5 bath, 
w.sher/dryer, near school, quiet. 
Available now and IItIIlmer. Call 457-
2017 or collect (818) 286-5832. (4/27-
5122) 
Room to shale In master bedroom at 

Need someone to share rent for just 
Fall Quarter11f so please call 8ehra at 
457-3461 . (511-518) 
Room for rent this summ,r: your own 

GET YOUR VIP CARD TONIGHT - Irs EI'SI AND TAKES JUST 5 MINUTESI 

SOMETHING FOR EVERYONE! 
filii (ova 0tAIGI1nd JIlOMT.()f.'fHE.lN TaANIMf AT AU TOP HIGHTCWIS 
includire Incahoccs, Ckb 5th Ave, Croce's, line, Moose's, Deily Planet, Eitphent liar, Comedy 
Sten, Cilb 1NrA, PUn Crazy and men. 
flEE RENTAlS (surfboards, boogie boards, kayaks, Rollerblades and mort: ... ) FRU 
ADMISSIOMS at OZAR. Malibu Grand Prix, CyberMind. Virtulll Wold, MI. Paint Bell, Behie 
Btllund mortl 
flU SEIMCES (automotive, heir and leming salons) SAVE IIG AT OVER 100 TO' 
.1S1oIESSIS including restaLnnts, tht:mt: parI(s, Tower Video, rTlOIIit: tht3res, coIfuhousts. 
hotels, FlXl Biloe (mer, rdail shops, limousines and -' 

BUY 1, Gn 1 FRII! :",'" 
Mclllbcrl NCcM • pcnonIIIzcd VI' c.rd, color dINctory Mel • "Club MIguInc" 
1Ubia1pllcM. It. tot.! ~ woI1II _ SI,OOO.OO. 
CAlIi.:. """,prlCGond _ __ ... CAlf" 

diIIX1u'II.OIdIr b\'~(do ".A _r~ 
nell !ond""~ Odd SJl"Xasrs CAL""" 

!ot~ _ondV." ccll*d, 
a n poncn.'5Oi C .. -. SUkI!06, _~, CA 9910'1 
(1ac*Id..-,) Op<n......,~, 
...,......" s.n by IIlIll 
"OI!w ecptres 5/19/95 

Jufy/A»pt $35O/monIh. 5mlnutleto 8750 Genesee Avenue. (4120-518) 
campus. Wub«/dty«, pool. Females 
only. 455-6742. (514-5111) 

Roommates needed now to • year 
leaseon3B4'1.5batownhouse-begins 
this SOOlmer. Cd if you're female, 
nonsmok.r, lik. dogs. 457-3753. (514-
5111) 
House for rent: 5 bdnn. 3 bath, Mira 
Mesa, $1350, $SOO deposit, + utH. 
Stove, refrigerator, laundry, 10 min. 
walk to bus, neat Ralph'. + shops. 
Clean and reponsiblel avail. July 1 
549-1425. (514-5/30) 
Del Mar, roommate for summer and/or 
school-year, own room In fully furnished 
2 I\oor beautiful townhouse, washer/ 
dryer, pool, 3 minutes to beaches, 15 
and busline. 9 minutes to UCSO. Prefer 
student. S350/month w/250 deposit. 
Availabl. 6/15. CalI7~259. (514) 
La Jolla/UCSD. Two responsible 
students seek housemate to take large 
master ($470) right next to campus 
and La Jolla VHlage Convenience 
Center. Campu. is our front yardI452-
6269. Ask for John. (514-5118) 

$1750 weekly possible mailing our 
circulars. No experience required. 
BegIn now. For Info c:1111202-298-8957. 
(311Mt'8) 
Need III exira $500.00. monIh? Got 4 
to 5 hours a week? Cal 578-2634. (31 
1Mt'8) 

Travel Abroad and Work. Malie up to 
$2OOO-$4000+/mo. t.aching basic 
conversational English in Japan, 
Taiwan, or S. Korea. No teaching 
background or Asian languages 
required. For information caB: (208) 
632-1146 ext. J59766. (~518) 

Earn $3000.00-$5000.00 & Gain 
valuable business experience seiling 
yellow pages advertising In the UCSD 
ofIicIaI campus telephone directory this 
SprIngISumm.r. Excellent martcetir9 
advertising sales/PR experience. 
Experience beneficial but not 
necessary. EOE. Call 1-800-466-2221. 
(413-6/8) 
DAY CAMPS seNing Conejo & San 
Fernando ValleyS, 'Siml, Camarllo & 
Malibu seek fun caring counselors & 
special Instructors for natura, gym, 
horseback riding, fishing/bC?atlng, 
crafts, swinming, song leading, sports, 
ropes course & more. Now interviewing 
818-865-6263. (~514) 

NatIanaI Park Jobs. Foraatry workers, 
park rangIfI, ~.,.,IIfaguIrds, + 
vokneer n government poeItIons 
available at National ~. £)ElUent 
benefits + bonus.sl Over 25,000 
openingll For men Info. call: 1-208-
545-4804 ext. N59782. (4/24-6118) 
Telemarketing - high eommlulon 
8UhorIzed SprInt LOJ 800 MMce. 
FuIUpart-time, no experIeIlc:eiwiI trUe. 
819--459-3000 ext. 195. (4/24-518) 
MoChers helper WIIUd- FIexIIIe part 
time ho&n 10-2OtnIwk. for Mom wiIh 
• two yeat old boy and • new baby 
expected In July. Swnmerorlongterm. 
$&tIr. Experienc. requiNd. Call450-
4479, or fax an-0733. (4124-514) 
Office Help Wanted - Receptionist, 
phones, data entry, mailing, fling etc. 
for a small hom.based business. 
FIexiIIe part time hours available 10-
20hrs/wk, summer or .11 year. 
Experience with Maclntoeh Computers 
required. Starting at $&tIr. cal 450-
4479, fax 677-0733. (4/24-514) 
Two helpers needed for assistance 
with on-campus event, Sat 516 from 
6:00 - 10:00 pm, including event set-
up, parking attendant, moving tables & 
chairs, and clean-up. Leave message 
on 459-0130. (4/27-514) 
Help wanted - part time janitorial Sun-
Thurs 6pm-midniglt. W. train. Must 
have reliable transportation. UCSD 
area. 281-2298. (4/27-5/8) 
Mother's Helper for 2 and 4 year old, 
Solana Beach, 10-15 hrs/wk. Refs 
req'd. $7/tV. No calls after 5 PM. 755-
4699. (511-514) 
Eam $500-$2000/ month part time. 

Ity ...... 1 ... kult •• ko 
MOde in1983· U.S. rMa .. 1994 

Czech/English .ubtitIes • May 9 • 8:00 PM 
Mandeville Auditorium • UCSD lox OHK.: 534-nxs 
'&6 Bi.~·,c film f~'cftiv&l 
w a ... Pl'cmkn' • UCSD u,.;M'IiI} B.."." Off'" 

Thursday. May 4.1995 The UCSD Guardian 

Easy, fwI. Full training. High Income eprIng, mad); boogIeboard; 1WImfina; 11885-9881. (413-514) 
career potential also - your choice. corle bulletin boards; ..... Ite ... ers 
456-5543. (511-5118) w/ woofer; hiking boola; 587-8872. (4/ 
RESORT JOBS· Eamto$12/hr. +tIpe. 

27-618) 
Tropical & Mountain d.stlnations 2 REM tbcs. S351each. Cal Heather 
nationwide. 1-206-632-0150 ext. 293-3805. (511-514) 
R59762. (511-611) 
Come Join the award winning team at 
Elarlo's Restaurant. Host/Hostess 
position available. Flexible hours. 
Contact Rosa or Anthony. 459-0541 . 
(514-511 1') • 
Hiring Students. SprIng: part time; help 
market my business; no experience 
necessary; $5-1 Or'v. Summer: ful time; 
painting; experience and truck 
preferred, not raquWed, $5-8t'hrstarting. 
Call Fred at 926-0545; leave message. 
(514-518) 
Interested in earning money and 
gaining job experience at a law office? 
Local firm has entry level openings. 
Call 687-7651 for more detaUs. (514-51 
15) 

M700 CannondaIe MT bike, Shinano 
LX components and accessories. Paid 
$850, sacrifice $400 or best. Call 225-
1128. (511·5/11) 
Must Sell! 9 night vacation to Florida, 
Bahamas + New Orleans. $350 or best 
offer. Call 225-1128. (511-5111) 
13· SHARP (Llnytron) T.V. Oess than 
1 yr. old), great picture, like new, 
Remote - $100 O.B.O. 619-552-0299. 
(1 0-1 Oprn) 
MAC Software Myst 25.00, Return to 
Zork 25.00, Math.matica (student 
version) 25.00comeswithMathematica 
Booklet. call 457-5535. (514) 
Uve in one, rent other. Charming 
dupI.x, large lot. Walk to beachl 2BR, 
1 &A each. $519,000. WlilisAiIenCo. -
459-4033. (511-5130) 
Awesome black '91 Toyota GT 

Do Europe $269 anytImellf you're a 
1IlII. flexible, we can help you beat the 
airline's prices.· NO HIDDEN 
CHARGES· ·CHEAP FARES 
WORLDWIDE* AlRHITCH 800-397· 
1 098lntemet: Alrhitch@net.com.com. 

(4I1~5130) 

.. Professional Touch ** Resume & 
Typing ServIces. Fast, accurate, quality 
docum.nts. 10% Discount UCSD 
studentslstaff. Call Cynthia 944-7813. 
(514) 
Editorfrommajorpubllsherwll improve 
your papers, theses, or dissertations, 
for a reasonable rate. Can (619) 454-
9467 after 3:00 pm. (514-5111) 
Do Europe$249anytimel HawaiiS129-
Jamaica $318 rlt $ Cheap $ Fares $ $ 
worldwide $ Call for FREE prgram 

~ AlRHITCH 31~394-O550. 
(514) 
Word proc.sslng: manscripts, 
dissertations, theses, books, letters, 
application., resume., editing. 
Accurate/Fast/Confidential. Mary Ann 
452-9439. (416-6/8) 

Alaska Summer Employment· Students 
Neededl Fishing Industry. Earn up to 
$3,000-$6,000+ per month. Room and 
Boardl Transportationl Mate or Female. 
No experience necessary. Call (206) 
545-4155 ext. A59764. (514-6/5) 

convertible. Only2O,OOOmiles.lJItimate Try it Freel A fun and easy Voice-maW 
grad. giftl $19,500.00 Leave message dating system. Call 695-6666. Use 

Travel Abroad and Work. Make up to 
$2,ooo·$4,ooo+/mo. teaching basic 
conversational English in Japan, 
Taiwan, or S. Korea. No teaching 
background or Asian languages 
required. For information call: (208) 
632-1146 ext. J59767. (514-6/5) 

652-3707. (514) . ' . publication number 170. Must be 18+. 
., (4/17-5111) 

Acoustic Guitar, good condition, must ----------

Newly formed satellite T.V. network 
T.P.N. - THE PEOPLE'S NETWORK. 
Distributors needed now. PreIs release 
May 16 Stuart@619-223-8659. (514-
516) 
Put your career in flightll 350,000 
interview for flight attendant jobs. Only 
1 of 350 will be hired. Increase your 
odds. FI9rt att.ndant job placement 
seminar May-13th. Holiday Inn Bayside 
1 0am-4pm. Cal1-«lO-980-1642 today 
& learn from the pro's. (514-5111) 

FOH ~ .\LF 
Used motorcycle helmet(s) - buy on. 
for $65 or two for $751obo. Good 
condition. 454-3163. (4/24-518) 
Smith Corona Word Proc.assor. 
Portable with AC adaptor and printer. 
Accessories included. Excellent 
condition. $220 OBO. Yvonne at 535-
1986. (4124-618) 

sell, $9Oibo, call Hernan 534-3828 (W), 
297-5027 (H). (514) 
Surfboard - leaming or intermediate, 
T6· Chanin tri-fin, $160. Snakeboard, 
$65. In-line skates - Iigltnings, good 
for hockey or streett $75. 453-3983. (5/ 
'4-518) 
Honda Civic 1980, new tires, new 
clutch. $1000. Call (619) 702-7166. (51 
4) 

***WRITING PROBLEM?*** 
Profeuional writer with 350 publication 
credits offers ethical aaistance with 
term papers, theses, dissertations, 
application "ssays, resumes, 
screenplays, stories, articles. Over 25 
years .cademic experience. Also one-
dayword-processing, editing, tutoring, 
critiquing, etc. Bill Delaney 966-1641 . 
(2/16-618) 
FREE COLORED CONTACTS at the 
Costa Verde Classical Eye. CaB 452· 
7374 or see the ad in this issue. (2/21-
618) 
Travel-Best Fares·World-Wide, 

PagelPlanlTlckets.SokIoutshow.May personalizedservice-callnowandSave 
13th S.D. Sports Arena. Call Dave: $S. Office or fax 546-7831. California 
259-2527. S751palr. (4/24-514) Interlink Travel Network. (413- 5125) 
For Sale: art easels (2 sizes, solid INK EXPRESSIONS: Affordable 
wood); od/Vid80 storage cases; bogen publishing for UCSD students. Typing, 
photO/video tripod; steel cashbox; copyediting, laser printing. Term 
portable filebox; xtra-Iong kryptonite papers, resumes, job/grad school 
bike lock; surfboard; wetsuits (full & applications. Call 587-INK1 or page us 

.... ~ . 

. ) 

Costa o/ertfe 
We're,open evenings and weekends! • Ask .bout our special 

student prices! • Prompt and gentle care in a beautiful 
private office! • StraisJJten teeth without braces! 

Special introductory offer-$150 teeth whitening (per arch) 
24 Hour Emergency A .... i1.bl.! • Plenty of free parking! 

Call us for an appointment 622.1 007 
8650 Gene ... 1Ne., Suitw 312 

We occept most insurance pbIs and most major credit cords 
---------------~EW PATIENT 

JPEeIA!.! ~,$4500: 
".. ... "",,_cIIIIIoI__ I 

---------------~ 

Computerized Word processing: Term 
paper, Theses , Resumes, Job 
Applications, letters, Business Cards. 
Excellent Quality, reasonable. leave 
message. 619·283-6102. (4/24-5118) 
Are you having trouble with those 
Spanish classesll Well, I can help you. 
Native speaker offering Spanish help 
for a negatiabIe rail. Buicconversation 
and writing skills. Clive me a call to 678-
0408 Eugenia. (4124-514) 
Attention Studentsl OverS3)O In FREE 
Auto care service and $20 In FREE 
gas. Apply at 557-1956. (511-5118) 
Speed Readingand Morel L.eem speed 

SiJ(;"d YC'lIl S IN Europe 
~~(): Gl:t\lng T ',uf' 

MIllE CIE, _1CII1I5, 
MIllE CIIOICI5I 
We _ illlpyw ..... lillie....., 
t.1IlJOI SlINGS.,.. .... 
............ _·i .. 
.................. (411 
t. ,.._ ...... ,.... 

800·397-1098 
.. ,.......c-..... 

hwI,-IA'" 
......,. .... s-. 

reading, note taking, aeIf-hypnDlil 
techniquel for raIaxIIIon, m.aled 
focus and memory. Four Tuesday 
evenings, beginning May 9. Patty 
Kishiyama, C.rtified Clinical 
Hypnotheraplst. 2n-4411 . (511-514) 

CLASSIFIEDS 11 

(310) 459-4181. (4127-5115) 

Found: Money. Call to 10. X43181 . (4/ 
27-514) . 

Summer Shape Up. Lose Inches and 
pooods. All natural. Safe. Guaranteed. Lost Oarion Stereo Faceplate. "found 
Most important - it works. Ask for Dr. call Steve @ 491-0045. Reward. (511 -
Turner. 492-8880. (511-5118) 514) 

\\\'\TEI) 
TWINSI " you are an identical or 
fratemal twin, please participate in a 
UCSD Psychology experiment. 
Participants will be mon.tarily 
compensated. Call J. Larsen at 534-
6283. (10/17-613) 
Subjects paid for a study on alcohol's 
effects. "you are a Japanese, Chinese, 
or Korean, American-bom male, call 
Scripps Research for more information, 
554-7240. (416-6/8) 
Subjects paid for a study on alcohol's 
effects. "you areaJapanese, Chinese, 
or Korean, American·bom male, call 
Scripps Research for more Information, 
554-7240. (4/10-6/8) 
Healthy volunteers ages 18-45 years 
old are needed to participate in a study 
examining the effect of sound on the 
eyeblink reflex at the UCSD Medical 
Center In Hillcrest . Free shuttle 
transportation is available. 
Compensation up to $25.00 will be 
provided. Cali 543-2494 for information. 
(4110-514) 
MALES NEEDED: Healthy mates, ages 
18to50, fora 2-3 hour 'E!'eblink Study" 
at UCSD/MC in Hillcrest. call Pattie at 
543-2314. (4113-5125) 

PEH~O\ \L~ 
Lysalors Nanny MUD, quite possibly 
the greatest MUD on the net. telnet 
mud.lysator.liv.se 2000 - Locnar. (5/4) 
Alpha Kappa Psi - The Co-Ed 
ProfessiooaI Business Fraternity - is 
proud to present the Scholarship Key 
Award certificate to John Hoffman. (5/ 
4) 
Joy - Congratulations on surviving 
Scottish Culture Nightll'm sure Bums 
would have been delig1ted with the 
hagis and your Lady Macbethl- Love 
Jonna (514) 
How I want to tell her "I'm in love with 
her.' (514-518) 
I didn't like taking my car to Overseas 
automotive. (514) 
Oh M. , you're in my heart with a smile. 
(4/27-518) 
Pat Weill - Thanks for spending time 
with me even though you have a job 
and practice your sax a lot. The beach 
andcofleetimes weregreatllt'snlceto 
be more that just friends since we have 
a lot in cpmmon. ·Future~ Vivian <0 
Kimberly Well (514) "., '1 • .{ 
COLlECIE ~ GA6u"' ':'~days . 

Looklngfor3-4bedroomhouselcondo. 11:OOa.m.Elcpior8hcMtotlr1du.nent . 
In La Jolla pref. near UCSD. Call6n- in the middle of the c:haoe."'Soiana • 
02201450-3028. (511-514) _~ . Be.ch PreBbyt~ ' Cburch 120 i; 

. J e ll./ ,bii'i StIMll1ll 1Ne~ Room, ~ ~ of ,.I 
Sublet Wantf4. ,Graduat~ l&uoent lomu'Santa Fe, -MIt of' I~ Sunday 
looking for 1 bedroom/studIO for the Worship services: 8:00, 9:30, 11:00 . 
ammer. Please contact Alex at Tel a.m. (514) - --

/'I1VGl ,;;:l-t 1'\, 2 n1O 1 oll.·l'\l~ c: " 1, => 

MORE 
? 
L 534·3 

---

-

.. 



12 SPORTS 

, , , 

, 

. ' , , 

Perhap-s 
it's best if you 

don't take 
all y:our 

educational 
materials horne 

forswnrner 
break. 

r---------------------, 
They're breakable. 

They're bulky. They're 
potentially incriminating. 
Right? So let us hang on to 
your stuff this surruner and 
we'll give you 10% off your 
storage bill. Thank you. : 

I Class dismissed. I 
I I 
I I 
I ~ I 
i .. ~ ! 
I I L _____________________ ~ 

Solana Beach 
477 Stevens Avenue 

755-7515 

The UCSD Guardian Thunday, May 4, 1995 

UCSD CLUB SPORTS ROUND-UP 
Sailing 

It's been a month of 
strong winds, calm seas 
and spectacular racing 
for the UCSD sailing 

At the St. Francis Invite in the 
San Francisco Bay the next week-
end, the UCSD sailors manuvered 

-through rough winds, a 35-mph 
storm and a harsh cross-current. team. 

The Triton skippers weathered 
four recent race series - the South 
Series VI and VII, the St. Francis 
Invitational, the North Series VI and 
VII, and the Pacific Coast Champi-
onships - garnering several solid 
finishes in each event. 

USC hosted the South Series VI 
and VII races on April 1-2 at the 
Belmont Pier in Long Beach, CA, 
and UCSD made its presence 
known. The Tritons snatched up 
fifth-place overall on Saturday 
among a fierce 14-team field. 

Stanford grabbed first, while UC 
Irvine and UC Berkeley stormed 
into the second- and third-place 
sJots at the event. 
, The UCSD varsity 'A' boat of 

Greg Korn and Jamie Trinh led the 
way to a third-place finish for all 
Southern Division teams, while the 
UCSD varsity 'B' boat of Jason 
Pettit and Eric Wilcox also did well. 

J . V.'~rs Shannon Farley, Joy 
Brown, Bryan Scaveau and Nicole 
Roberge showed that the Triton sail-
j ng future looks bright. 

On Sunday, the UCSD varsity 
crews slipped to seventh place and 
third place among Southern Divi-
sion schools. 

Water Skiing 

Fine in-
, -,.. dividual per-

• formanees 
by redshirt 
freshman 

Jessica Waggenseil and senior Bill 
Berk pushed the UCSD water ski-
ing team to a fourth-place finish-
behind California State-Sacra-
mento - in the Arizona State-Mi-
rage Collegiate Water SIci Open last 
weekend. 

Berk, a consistent standout for 
the team all season long, continued 
his string of fine performances by 
grabbing fifth place in the hard-
fought men's competition. 

"He's really made a concerted 

"It took some teams 45 minutes 
just to cross the start line," Triton 
skipper Pettit said. "That's a testa-
ment to how difficult this race was." 

Still, UCSD managed to pull out 
quite a few top-lO finishes in its 
new 14-foot"FJ." boats. 

The third weekend, on April 15-
16, brought up the North Series VI 
and VII races on the Triton sched-
ule - at Stanford's Sailing Center 
on the eastern San Francisco Bay. 

The varsity 'A'and 'B'boatsdid 
their usual damage, dashing to sev-
enth place and fourth place on Sat-
urday and Sunday, respectively. 

J. V. sailors Kevin Carney, 
Nathan Gloier, Jason Hannigan and 
Roberge rotated in various boats, 
gaining experience along the way. 

UCSD's most recent race, the 
Pacific Coast Championships, was 
held last weekend at the U.S. Sail-
ing Center in Long Beach, CA. 

"The wind blew very hard," 
Pettit said. "The race really deter-
mined the best sailors overall." 

Competing with a round-robin 
format, in which teams rotate into 
different boats each race, the Tritons 
managed to capture seventh. 

- By Tedd LedcI 

'effort to be strong, week in and 
week out," Head Coach Bill 
Schneiderwind said. "He's the best 
all-around skier we've ever had [at 
UCSDJ." 

Berk struggled in his favorite 
event, the trick, but he excelled in 
the jump competition, improving 
his personal best by two feet and 
leading the Triton men's squad to 
fifth-place overall finish at the 
competition. 

But -it was the performance of 
Waggenseil which was the high-
light of the road trip. Placing 13th 
in the slalom, 12th in tricks and 
fourth in her specialty - the jump 
event - Waggenseil skied to a su-

Courtesy of Jason Pettit 

11Ie UCSD ..... notched .. ¥WIll top-10 finishes In recent rllces. 

perb fourth-place overall. 
"I'm certainly pleased for her," 

Schneiderwind said. "It looks like, 
for the first time, that a UCSD 
freshman will qualify for [NCAA] 
Nationals. " 

With Waggenseil's teammate, 
Sara Nystrom, claiming ninth-
place overall, the Triton women 
finished a strong second to their 
Arizona hosts. 

Berk and Waggenseil now ap-
pear certain to be selected to com-
pete as representatives of the West-
ern Region at the National Colle-
giate Water Ski Association AlI-
Star Finals in Monroe, LA. 

- BJ. ~ .... HoIymM 

DISGRACE: 
Dennis is no hero 
ConUnued from pce 9 
Then, a man took the helm, and 
won. (However, the boat did finally 
lose to Dennis "I'm allowed special 
rules" Conner.) 

ebeaUng, Now, Dennis Conner 
wants to use Young America as his 
boat against the New Zelanders. 
This rule was, of course, bent for 
Our Hero - following the cer-
emony in which Susan Golding 
gave him the key to the city. Does 
Dennis Conner deserve a key to the 
city? I don 'tthink he deserves a key 
to my gym locker. 

I feel like an ugly American. 

FREE 1 Pair COlored contacts W.J. FRESH LOOKS PLOto-6.00 Browa Eyes 10 Btue, GreeD, Haul 
With the purchase of lUIy coatad leas packqe below 

$89~~~ 
$139~T~ 

ALL spedalllDclucie le_. exam, E>Ip. W_ 
eyecare kit ad follow up visit. 

[II] [II. 

Thursday, May 4, 1995 The UCSD Guardian 

UCSD was coming off 
four wins at the La Verne 
Tournament over the 
weekend. The Tritons 
won their first three 
games: 8-6, 7-6 and 12-5. 
Mark Hartmann (3-1), 
Marc Abrams (3-1) and 
Steve Height (7-4) picked 
up the wins, respectively. 

"We played really 
good ball," Fletcher said. 
"The pitching was there, 
and Ward came up real big 
in the last game." 

In the championship 
game, Ryan Ward (6-4) 
pitched a complete game 
two-hit shutout, as La 
Verne fell 3-0 to the Tri-

Mike Brylnt hurled three-plus Innlnp of one-run bill for the Tritons. tons. He struck out three 
and walked one to grab 

SQUEAKER: 
Tritons sneak by Pt. 
Lorna in ninth, 12-11 
Continued from pale 9 
and two third-innings pitched, giv-
ing up only one run. 

UCSD broke the game open with 
three runs in the sixth and two more 
in the seventh. It looked like a 
cakewalk, as the Crusaders came up 
to bat in the top of the ninth inning, 
trailing by five runs. 

UCSD, however, decided to 
make it close. Closer Andy 
deGrasse opened the inning by 
walking the first three bailers. Theo 
Robins came in to replace deGrasse 
but did not fare any better. 

"All year we've had a problem 
[where] we let the lead-off hitter in 
the inning get on base," Fletcher 
said. 

his sixth victory of the year. 
"I had great defense behind me," 

Ward said. "We still have a chance 
at the playoffs. We just have to play, 
because [getting selected for the 
playoffs is 1 not up to us." 

After a sacrifice fly brought in 
one run, Point Lorna began its "In-
N-Out" rally. A single followed by 
a double-double brought in four 
more runs to tie. Robins (2-1) fi-
nally got out of the inning, striking 
out the last two bailers. A Triton Report Card The damage was done, 
though, and the -Tritons 
needed to score in the bot-
tom of the ninth to preserve 
the victory. The Crusaders 
helped the home team 
along when Miyake 
reached first base on Point 
Lama's eighth error of the 
contest. 

Birk popped up for the 
second out, but O'Brien 
was up to the task, driving 
a 2-2 pitch through the in· 
field - into left field - to 
drive Miyake in as the win-
ning run. 

PItchInI: Middle relief pitchl~: C it-; Starting pltchlng:C+; Closers: - f.. Game should have ended In 
the top of 9th. Telling stat: 8 88. 
a.ta: With 17 hits and eight Pt. B+ Loma errors, UCSD couId'~ had more '0," 12 rIllS should be an 
"A, " but no HR, so deal with It. 

A 
B 

D ...... : Turned a couple of CPs 
(good). Made two errors (bad). A 
pitcher made the second error, 
so It doesn't count. 
CoIcIIiIW: SIbstItutlons didn't 
hurt the offense, but the outfield 
lacked experience In clutch 
sItutatIons (In the 9th). 

.... UCSD /D. No ucllrily Mposil, ItO tMJm. In 

5x6 
5x7 
5x8 

SPORTS 13 

E 
• $17 
• $19 
.$20 

- - - - ,4-HOUR RYDER TRUCK SPECIAL - - --
- $20. 39-/mile ............... .. 
~ *10 off 1ocIII. 

~ *25 off :=tNcIl 

HOWARD HUGHES UNDERGRADUATE 
SCIENCE ENRICHMENT PROGRAM 

r----~----;;--~---~---~---~---~---;---~---~---;;---;----i 

Before UCSO, did you ever wonder: "what is college all about? Is college life strictly 
academics, strictly social, or both?" Now'a your opportunity to be In expert and 
answer those questions lor a younger student. 
The Howard Hughu Science Enrichment Progrllm (HHUSEP) is sponsoring the 
SHADOW SCIENCE MENTORS program. SHADOW provides junior-high and high 
school students from under-represented minority backgrounds the opportunity to spend a 
day at the UCSD campus with college students. 
The goals of SHADOW are to: 

• Encourage and motivate you to pursue higher education especially in the scjeoces. 
• Provide exposure to "coIlegv tife.· 
• Provide first hand information about coItege tile & responsibilities from college 

students. 
StudentB .. l8Iected from the Uncoin and Morse High schools and O'Farrell middle 
school to psticIpate in this program. Most of these students are from low-Income families 
and/or under-represented ethnic groups. Each public school student will be paired up 
with a college student based on similar areas of study and interests. SHADOW day is 
scheduled for Friday, 1liiy 2t, 1185 . 

.....su poeItIve M1IIuenoe, and make a dlfler8llCe in a young person's tlfe. Allow a public 
school student to shadow you for a day. Questions? Please can Adiana Sobo at 534-1198. 

r--------------------~---I 
Fill out thi.lonn and IltICjh I cPPy AI YQUr cliH IChtdult. Then drop if off in 3000 
York Han (mait code 0328) on or before 10 May 111e5. 
Your Name _____________ Phone ______ _ 

~r~ ________________________ _ 

What .... your career Interests? __________________ _ 

he tr-e any other clubs or activities you'd like to take a visitor to? ___ ___ __ _ 

Which food IMIIvices location would you take a visitor to for lunch? _________ _ 

L ________________________ ~ 

PLEASE REMEMBER TO MARK OFF FRIDAY 21 MAy ON YOUR CALENDAR 
BEFORE tuRNING IN THIS FORMI 

L _____________________________________________________________ ~ 

ALL 
REGISTERED 

STUDENT 
ORGANIZATIONS: 

SPACE ALLOCATION 
REQUESTS FOR 1995-1996 

ORAGANIZATIONAL SPACE 
IN THE UNIVERSITY CENTERS 

ARE Now 
AVAIlABLE. 

LOOK IN YOUR ORGANIZATION'S 
MAIL BOX - OR SEE YOUR SOLO 
ADVISOR. 

THANKS 
UNIVERSITY CENTERS 

ADVISORY BOARD 

-

r-_ 

-

-



14 

." 

Outdoor IcuIcetbaI 
Sponsored by Hooters 

What are the biggest plays In 
1loopI? What really bringl the crowd 
10 their feet? That'l easy, the mon-
IIer dunk and the 3-poInter. But hey, 
everyone doesn't have a 42 Inch ver-
tical 01' a solid 21 toot jump shot 
molt of the ground-bound brIcIk-la,rer1I 
at UCSD can only WIIICh on lV and 
wonder what It'. like. Not.wry ~I 

This tournament get. everyone 
into the act. The rims are ~ed to 
a height that will allow ~ 10 be 
Jordan 01' Kemp for the day. So you're 
only 5-10 and can barely jump over 
the Sunday paper, don't worry. You 
will bI throwing 'em down tike the big 

The UCSD Guardian 

1ICJ1) 
JunGod 
Intramural 

Jportl 
Ftltival 

Saturday, May 13 
(8:00am -6:00pm) 

Muir Sports Venues 
boys on Saturday the 13th. And whJ 
you need to knock down a three, It' 
only going to be 17 feet from the hoop. 
That'. almost a layupl 

Spectacular, high flying action and 
a day of hoopa In the sun. Five on 
five full court with no subl. The for-

ack at you .... AGAIN! Hey, where did the year go? Can you believe 
ita time to gear up one more time for UCSD's sienature Spring 
Quarter event . Well, folk., it i. time! 

The 1995 UCSD Sun God Intramural Sporta Festival i. ready to 
roll next weekend with its always entertaining menu of olf-beat sporta 
eventa. 

mat is pool play and single elimina-
tion playoffs so their will be plenty of 
games for everyone. You can sign up 
for open or intermediate divisions. 
Don't miss this rare oppOrtunity to play 
like stars I 

Jlam .... ConhIt 
Sponsored by Hooters . 

One of the day'S highlights will car-
talnly be the Slam Dunk Contest. The 
whole festival wlllihut down at 12:00 
noon 10 the beat high-flyers can have 
their cI1ance to show off. The last three 
slam dunk winner., Pat Pollock, Eryn 
Houston & Rick Mulloy, will all be en-
t«ed. but look for some unknown to 
_ the title for the next year. 

Celebrity judge. will be on hand 10 
evaluate all the action. Get a seat 
early for this one 'cause it is always a 
tournament highlightl 

You want HOOPS? We got 'em! The annual Outdoor BasketbaJ~ 5-
On-5 Tournament is back for it. 10th straieht year. The rims will be pegged 
at around 9-3 this year .. Boyou've got NO EXCUSE! 

Been missing FOOTBALL? We've got it! Back for its second 
consecutive season, we once again are featuring 4-0NA Football fashioned 
after the NFL's promotional "Air-It-Out" series. We play on mini-sized 
fields, the ball is in the air all the time, the scoreboard rings bietime. and 
you've got to play. This game is WAY TOO COOL. 

~ got a HOCKEY hangover? We've got the cure. More 1100r 
hockey ... that's all you need. Our SUN GOD Coed Floor Hockey Tourna-
ment is sure to put you back on your feet. 

We go to summer hockey rule. (4 men, 2 women) and the in-rink action 
will be furious as alway •. 

You want more ... there will be plenty. UCSD Intramural Championship 
action will a110 be taking place at the Feltivalsite (Muir Sport Venues) in 
Sand Volleyball, lnnertube Waterpolo, and Team Tennis. If you are 
currently competi~ in anyone of these program. this spring,you've still got 
a great chance to have your team make it to SUNGOD Saturday. 

There11 be plenty of promotional giveaways, prizes, award •• re&esh-
ments, and above all tremendous competition for all participant,. We want 
to see you all there .. so come on by the 1M Front Desk at RIMAC in the 
days. ahead for all of the details. 

This is our last bie 1M blow-out of the year ... and let's face it.. .we expect 
to get blown out. 

1M GOLF TOUR -'al1 I. 1iJJlt 
Garza, Treruki Capture AU-Camp,", Cbampwn.JbipJ ... a,v-

The opening ro\IICI on Friday Club brougI1I cQ another solid 77 from TlIIlIiIi 
br~ W the WOI1I rod the n ZinmeI coUdn1.-r MIg an 861D ftn. 
best golf his to off&r. Wellld ish 1511r01ce1 off the J)Ke. 
scores ranging .rom 77 to The IegIncII dlYilllon hII bien domNlld 
120.Thn __ 300yd~ in the 90'. by Ian Langdon. He h. won 4 

rigtCdownthemicldle,anddrtlblerlofftheflont 8\IenIS il a row. Many '- tried to 0YtrI1a&i 
of the til! box. And divotsl The gophers __ the Stadler·l.eformer Trion go/IItr, W_ 

1M SOFTBALL &nlcingJ 
III!NAAA 
1 Buttafuocco On Grasa (3.0) 
2 PI Kappa (3.0) 
3 Uma On Her Kn_ (2.0) 
4 Untouchables (2·1) 

• ... .... FIafI 
Football TOIII'IWW,.nt 
Sponsored by Pizza Port & 
Hansen's Surf Shop 

Thursday, May 4,1995 

w. have taken all this talk about 
W ... Coat offense a little too far. 
We've got a game that wi" blow you 
a_yo Four person football . Wide 
open. P_, paM, paM. Moving the 
ball up the field and ICOring Is what 
It'. all about! It II non-atop action up 
and down the fteId. 

WIth pool play and a lingle elimi-
nation playofl, there wilt be Iota of ac-
tion for everyone. Tongues will be 
hanging al the end of the day playing 
this fast-paced version of football. All 
you need to bring is a football. We 
will have the special fields set up, the 
flags, the refs, the scoreboards and 
everything for a greal day of pigskin ac· 
tion on Muir FlIId. 

eon IIoctc8fI 
Sponsored by 1-800-Collect 

Hoc:Qy is one of the fastnt growing spoIlS 
on campus. You just can'l get enoughl 
Wen, here is the chance to get a week-
end full of In-your-face action. This 
first time event will feature a coed for-
mat. Ifs four men and two women on 
the 'Ice' at one time. The tournament 
format means subs will be a key. So, 
make sure you have enough folks to 
make it through the weekend. 

Every game will be played In the 
beautiful Recreation Gym. The 1M 
Stafl will have .. the equipment you 
might need if you don't have your own 
gear. This is also a two day event with 
a double elimination formal, so n<HJne 
witl be complalnlng on Monday morn-
Ing that Ihey aren't playing enough 
hockey. All you Wayne Gretzky 
wannabee'. will have you weekend In 
the sunl 

t3(5 N. Hlfhway tOl Sola., &e.c:h 
Hawaiian Football 

Teams of the Week 
FOGUTTERS (WeeiI T'MI) ruming scared. This event lealures two <1M- has been able to shalee up his rock lOIid game. 

1IonI,.lI1dtrgradl rod legends (stall, ~, Unti 1985. 
IIkInnI, grill studenIs, CIIeIriy guests), Ir1d I WllIOIIIdII of 79 and 73.1JIlgdon enterId 

5 Dirty Dozen (1 -2) 
MENAA 
1 /ItJWf GappefS (3.0) 
2 Shard, of Maaahlko (2.0) 
3 Dells (2.0) 

~. :. Best draaecI Aloha Print fooIbIII jerseys in 
lheleague won 1 big 0111 30-12. 

pro IIyIe IormaI of amNM -=-over 3 cIIyI the IinllI'OIIlCI willi 18 atroIIe IIdYanIage over 
of play. Jon Garza, Ir1d 7 over Doug DInnM Ir1d 

The favorite quickly emerged In the Dean PIbrIon. Sale lelll, right? 11 39 on Ile 
undlrgrad division. Senior Divid Trenlkl IrontniwlDld.veryonethal_klgniDlIId 
grabbed III 8aIIy lead .., III opening I'OIIlCI bIgLfl to 1ooIIn, W thI .... rIIIIy begII1 
non thllvnIoe Co\ne at Rancho San [)I. to tal of! on ts. Garza !*diad n langdon 
ego. The North County nIIive tiled 174 il the Bogild CUllIng "'lied ID 0111 .... AnothIr 
MCORd IOIlld to stay on tip of "'leader boanI. bogie on 17 tied up '" maIch. Playing tom 
JuIt 61troQs back _ John Zlmmtr. ZirnmIr the IIrIt fairway, Garza Icund thI ~ in rtgU-
bunWd his way to 1 _ belt 75 on SIIur· IaIion rod two IMfed lor thI par n the win 
day to try rod put -.".urt on the 1Mder. aIIer langdon miIsed his par pI.ct n chance 
Sundly'11inII round at Singing HIlI CoII1try to send !he ChIrnpionIhip no a playoff. 

J-Day Totau 
Undergrade Legend. 
David Trenakl 228 Jon Garza 232 
John Zimmer 243 Ian Langdon 233 
Mike Penjoyan* 246 Dean pan.raon 237 
Mike Stone 257 Doug Oannevik 240 
ChriS Mustion 258 Isaac Klm 247 
Tom Gibson 272 Matt Adams 258 
Jefferson Stone 292 • Jefl Wustman" 280 
"Woo long drive (310 yda) atlvanhot • t 5. '"Won doaeIt-to-the-pil (81) at Ivanhoe • 12 

4 Oh Doctorl (2-1 ~ 
5 Bacup (1·1) 
MEN" 
1 BkIhazardI (2.0) 
2 Heavenbound Train (3.0) 
3 K.y Ume Coolers (3-0) 
4 8Mrded Clam, (3-0) 
5 Rolling 401 (3-0) 
WOMENAAA 
1 Monochichi, (2.0) 
2 Biohazardl (1-1) 
3 Las Fuertes (2·t) 
4 EanIlpigI (2-1) 
5 On Notice (1·1) 
COEDAA 
1 Cl*IIa1Or (2.0) 
2 Maloney', AlI·Sta •• (3.0) 
3 T_m Traction (2.0) 
4 Eddie Me S1IIIs BIg Bat (2·1) 
5 BIg Sticka (2·1) 
COED" 
1 Four Guys and Some Gal, (3-0) 
2 Uncorrelated Errora (4.0) 
3 Blue Sta. Ointment (4.0) 
4 BTS (3-0) 
5 Chilli Dogs (3-0) 

TIP OFTHEWEEK: 

lIAS FlNA (WeeiI Thr.) 
Kraig PMneI got lour pic:kI Mel Ilese guys 
rolled over the RIMAe Squad 80-24. 

••••••••••• 

'-800-COLLECT 
Long Distance 

Shots of the Week 
Cold SoIIIIIII 
Tom Pace (Gladiator, Top-Rated Coed M 
TMII) JdId • 382 IooIer GYer 1he rtghI field 
Ience at NCR·Nor1I1 East two weeki back. 
__ Polo 

Sly RCIIIWIOW (BOB) hila 40 loot Ihot in traf-
fic that arne within a lew. teet of 1he UCSD 
pool record, 1M • _, -q, ~ help his 
IIamrnIIII put off the win. 

G~""HICS IY T"'~'" 10ff 

Bonus cheer: "Beef and barley, beef and barley, put 'em in a bowl. 
Serve it with some salty crackers. Get another goal!" 

~ _ u C S 0 G U A R 0 I A N ART. a E NT E R T A I N MEN T MAY 4, 199 5 

Th ••• film. will b. In 
th •• t .. tomorrow. 

• Kevin Kline and Meg Ryan star 
in the romantic comedy French 
Kiss, which opens at theaters 
Ihroughoul San Diego. 

• Burnt by the SWI, a film which 
takes place in the summer of 1936 
during Stalin 's control of the So-
viet Union, opens al the Hillcrest 
Cinemas. 

• Ride for Your Life, an interac-
tive movie which includes live 
action, full -mot ion video and com-
puter overlays which change ac-
cord ing to audience input, opens al 
the UA Thcalre in Horton Plaza. 

.Jimmy Smits and Edward James 
Olmos sta r in My Family/Mi 
Familia. It opened yesterday at 
theaters throughout San Diego. 

F.11 .• jill I tEll ~ 
, h ••• lllbuma wll be In 
reconI ..... on 1\1..-,. 
• Elvis Costello will releaseKojak 
Variety, an album of cover tunes. 

• Babes in Toyland will release 
Nemesisler. 

• The recently reformed Bad 
Brains will release God of Love. 

i'lr.~ 
• Mary Shelley's Franlcenslein is 
due in stores on Tuesday. 

• The Malcing ofJ urassic Park, a 
video of behind-the-scenes foot-
age from Steven Spielberg's film, 
is due in slOres on Tuesday. 

• Tickets go on sale Friday at 3 
p.m, for Reggae Sunsplash '95, 
featuring Aswad, Wailing Souls, 
Whorl-a-Girl, Christafari, Buju 
Banton, Dennis Brown, Junior 
Tucker and Skool. The concert 
will take place on June 12 at 
SDSU's Open Air Theatre. Info: 
22O-TIXS, 

• Tickets go on sale tomorrow at 
3 p.m. for Neurosis. which will 
perform on July 12atDreamStreet 
in Ocean Beach. Info: 222-8131. 

• Tickets go on sale Saturday at 
lOa.m. for Mary J. Blige, who will 
perform onJune8 at SDSU'sOpen 
Air Theatre. Info: 220-TIXS. 

• Brazilian percussionist Nana 
Vasconcelos' performance sched-
uled for tonight at Mandeville 
Auditorium has been cancelled. 

LATINO FAMILY 
VALUES 

see page H2 



HIATUS 2 The UCSD Guardian 

INTEfl NATIONAl MAflKET & GfllLl 

!MII,.&I' The HOUN 
(;''1> of 

9" Skewered ~ 
~KaI10" 

5eef. ., &~ 
. .,.\~ 

Food Specials .v. " , Chicken &Fleh 
prepared on t he grill with your health N dON 9 J>~' .111 

Limbo Contest & more! 
lOW .. y R'.~ SJ>IFC,""S 

poppers, Jello Shots 
22-oz. Buds, MGD, Coronas 

in mind 
NOW OPIN JUST MINUTES FROM CAMPUS 

--------Ww.T WOW •• voa.TI a. •• Gth.S 
&.1iftIcIl ~.I I 

Come in and ~et a F R EEl 
BOWL OF RICE-

8910 VILLA LA JolLA DR • . (6f9)"Sa-4ffS I with purcha5e of any 5andwich. I 
'1'Iufe I>ring ti1i& ... L ________ ~ 

FIN 
R __ tes 

Tkbts 
Can 
Bikes 
Deals 

Rfttall 
SteI"!Oll 

Surtbolrds 
Auto Rep8ir 

Sales 
Jobs 

Ca.,.n 
ud ... 
....... 

upstairs in the 
Student Center, 

aIxMIlhe 
General SIore. 

PATIENT VOLUNTEERS NEEDED FOR 
RESEARCH STUDY OF NEW 

INVESTIGATIONAL MEDICINE FOR 

JOCK ITCH (SKIN FUNGUS) 
• FREE physical exam, treatments, study medications and 

lab tests available for qualified participants 
• Patient stipend available for qualified participants 
• Ages 12-65 
• No topical (over-the-counter) treatment in last 2 weeks 

For Details Call (619) 753-1027 
u 

Mitchel P. Goldman. M.D. 
Dermatology Associates of San Diego County 

" 

Don't Miss The Premiere Of The Show Of Shows! 
SHOWCASE OF 

CHAMPIONS· 
Starring 

2 Time World Champion Gymnast 

SHANNON 
MILLER 

Over 30 National and World Champion Martial Artists, Gymnasts, and Trampolinists 
in a Spellbinding Theatrical Production. A Total Cast of 100! 

o 
8 
:t 
.. 
o 
Z 
4 
ex 

Saturday. June 3. 7:30pm. RIMAC Arena 
U(SD Students $14/24· Adllts $18/28. (~"e. (12 & uacler' $12/18 

V.I.P. nckets Av.1Gble • UCSD Box Offke 534·6467 ~~~ 
I. c-ali .. wlt~ UCSO lWv •• ity Ev.lts 0ffIc. . ',=:-,::::-=,o:=, 

--r...... • .. .,.~T ••• 

Thursday, May 4, 1995 

Jimmy (Jimmy Smits) and ....... (Elpklia CarrIllo) In IoYe 
..... dand. In Grepry Nava's WIy Famllylltfl Familia. 

My Family, Mi Familia 
Director Gregory Nava discusses 

discrimination in Hollywood 
By Simone Mille, 
Senior Staff Writer 

Director Gregory Nava, whose 
debut film EINorte (1983},drew aiti-
cal acclaim for its portrayal ofGuate-
malan immigrants living in Califor-
nia, was at UCSD on Sunday to pro-
mote his new film, My Family/Mi 
Familia , which opened yesterday in 
theaters throughout San Diego. 

The film chronicles three genera-
tions of a Latino family living in Los 
Angeles. Nava spoke about his film 
and Latino issues during a recent in-
terview. 
GuarcUn: In addition to eli-
I8CIinI, you wrote the screen-
play for My F". 
Did you bale the ICript 
on yOW' own e~ 
ences? 

Nava: I did have a very 
large San Diego-Tijuana-
based extended family ... and 
I spent a lot of time in the 
barrio in East L.A. [where 
My Family is set) ... but this 
film is based on a lot offamilies I have 
known ... a lot of stories other people 
have told me. I also spent eight months 
doing research on the barrio ... so it is 
a composite of a lot of people's lives. 
YcMi .. one of the few, If not 
the only cIrector who has ,. 
c:eiYed c:ritic:aI acclaim for a 
film cletailln, the lives o' 
Latinos with El Norte, and you 
IIIIIIIPdtoptAnaicanPiay. 
house and Zoetrope, Francis 
Ford CoppoIa's c::omp-.ry, to 
finance My FMnIIy, which Is a 
major feat. Why ... a..tino 
... such a rarity In Holy. 
wood? 

... Studiosjustwon'tgiveusmoney 
- it's just closed. Latino films are 
seen as ethnic and strange, not com-

mercia I. I'd just say thatthere is a lot 
of discrimination. 
There have been a few films in 
the last years emphaslzin& 
Latino, or Mexican cuIbre, 
such as Like Water fOI' Ch0co-
late, which had a wide 'oIow· 
ing and were critically ac-
dainIed ••• 

Yeah, but what others can you 
think of? 
Well there was Isabelle 
Allende's House of Spirits, 
yet that calt only American 
stars, and used an American 
clrector ••• and MI VIda Loca, . 
about cirI PIllS in L.A. 

But how many movies 
are released a year? 
Hundreds ... You can only 
name three movies in this 
many years? So it's effec-
tively zero. Statistically, it's 
nothing. The population of 
the United States is about 
250 million people, you fig-
ure 30 million of them are 

Latino. That's a sizable chunk of the 
population of the United States, and 
nobody is making movies about them 
orforthem. 
How do you see this situation 
improYina? 

Well, I think you need to do two 
things: I think there need to be pro-
tests .. . and people do need to work 
politically. And then filmmakers need 
to make movies - and struggle in 
order to do it. It took us si" years to do 
Mi Fami/ill. 
One of the ....... parb .... 
of both EI NOtteand MI F.,,;u 
Is ~ Playhouse, which. 
alone with PBS, has been at· 
W:ked by Cottllll'" for the 
federal fundi", they have ,. 

See NAVA, Page H5 

Thursday, May 4,1995 The UCSD Guardian 

Tickets are $10. Info: 563-0024. 

African-American composer and 
pianist Anthony Davis will per-
form at 8 p.m. at the Athenaeum 

_ Ubrary as part of the "Noise at the 
Library" concert series. Tickets are 
$15. Info: 454-5872. 

saturday 
BItoto will perform at a fundraiser 
for Baraka International Arts at 8 p.m. 
at the Isaacs, McCaleb & Dancers 
Studio in Hillcrest. Tickets are $10. 
Info: 497-4440. 

$10. Info: 481-9022. 

The San Diego Him Festival will smen 
Czechoslovakian director Jura 
Jakubisko'sfilm n._ .rillBee 
at 8 p.m. at Mandeville Auditorium. 
Tickets are $4 for students. Info: 534-
4QIX). 

Bob Dylan, who recently performed 
on MTV's "Unplugged" program, will 
play at 7 p.m. at Fmban:adero Marina 
Park South. Tickets are $27 in advance, 
$29 day of the show. Info: 220-T1XS, 

HIATUS 3 

IIlill~41;Jflll~iII 
University Art G.tery: Works 
by the permanent and honorary fac-
ulty of the UCSD visual arts depart-
ment will be on display through 
May 20. Gallery hours are 11 a.m. to 
4 p.m. Tuesday through Saturday. 
Admission is free. Info: 534-2864. 

San DIeco Museum of Art: 

The Loq Buch·bMed blind Subll ..... which iUYs • mill of aU. t d 
punk.nd r..,. wlH perform n SOMA Uv. n 8 p,m, on F~. ues ay 

Nonnan Mmler will discuss his 
book Oswald's Tale at 8 p.m. at 
D.G. Wills Books in La Jolla. Ad-
mission is free. Info: 456-1800. 

"Rothko: The Spirit of Myth" will be 
on display through May 28, and "On 
the Edge: Australian Photographers 
of the Seventies" will be on display 
through June 4. Museum hours are 10 
a.m. to 4:30 p.m. Tuesday through 
Sunday. Admission is $7. Info: 232-
7931. 

.1 i1 tll',fJ :til ~ 
today 

Jim Carrey stars in Dumb and 
Dumber, which shows at 6:30, 9 
and 11 :30 p.m. at the Price Center 
Theatre. Tickets are $2, $1 in ad-
vance. Info: 534-4399. 

The Rupums will perform at 9 
p.m. atthe Belly Up Tavern in Solana 
Beach. Info: 481-9022. 

friday 
Sublime, the ska/punk band best 
known for its hit "Date Rape," will 
play with Guttermouth, The 
Zigens, No DQubt and One 
by One at 8 p.m. at SOMA Live. 
Tickets are $9 in advance, $10 day 
of the show. Info: 239-S0MA. 

Gust .. Faust will speak at 5 p.m. 
about herart work, which will be on 
display at the Grove Gallery to cel-
ebrate Cinco de Mayo. Info: 542-
1486. 

J7Je Sona' Renuins lite Same 
shows at 8 and 10:30 p.m. at the Price 
Cente, Theatre. Tickets are $1. Info: 
5344399. 

Fogy Notion will play at 9 p.m. at 
Schooners in PacifIC Beach. Info: 272-
2780. 

Cal AI*na&e will screen Maison 
Iklcoku #77, Patlabor 7V #14, I"e-
sponsible Captain Tyler #J6 and Bi-
zo"eAdventwesofJolo#1-2 at 7:30 
p.m. at Solis 104. Admission is free. 
Info: 558-1314. 

wednesday 
The UCSD Bookstore's "Wednesday 
Night Live" program will feature 
Marc Alan SchucIdI, who will 
read from his book about alcohol and 
drugs at 6 p.m. Admission is free. 
Info: 534-3149. 

The Gypsy Kines will perform MUNum of Photo&raphic 
at 8 p.m. at SDSU's Open Air The- Arts: " A Shadow Born of Earth : 
atre. Info: 220-TIXS. New Photography in Mexico," an 

Mandell Weiss Forum: Angela 
Weaver's " A Hundred Girls in Her 
Hair" and Carey Friedman's "Sug-
gestions for the Prevention of Serial 
Murder" run in repertory through May 
7. Performances for "Hundred" are at 
8 p.m. today and Saturday, and Sun-
day at2 p.m. Performances for "Sug-
gestions" are at 8 p.m. on Friday, 2 
p.m. on Saturday and 7 p.m. on Sun-
day. Info: 5344574. 

e)!:hibit featuring the work of 16 
young Mexican artists, will be on 
display through May 21 . Gallery 
hours are from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. 
daily. Admission is $3. Info: 238-
7559. 

MusamofContelllpOI.Y Art, 
San DieIO: Cuban artist Jose 
Bedia's first one-person museum 
show, "De Donde Vengo (Where I 
Come From)," will be on display 
through May 14. Gallery hours are 
Tuesday through Sunday from 10:30 
a.m. to 5:30 p.m. Admission is $1 for 
students. Info: 233-2023. 

Porter Randall G '. IT- Works 
by artist Ruth Hanlingcr wiD be on r . 

The First Annual SDSU Film 
Festival wil take place at the Ken 
Cinema in Normal Heights from 6-
9 p.m. Info: 283-3227. 

WoIfp", Press will perform Jambay will perform with Travel 
with Bench 101 at 8 p.m. at the Apnts at 9 p.m. at the Belly Up 
Coach House in Mission Valley. Tavern in Solana Beach. Tickets are 

Mandell W"'1hutre: The La 
Jolla Playhouse presents Victoria 
OIaplin and Jean Baptiste Thieree's 
"Le Cirque Invisible," which opens 
&.nday and runs through June II. 
Performances are at 8 p.m. Tuesday 
through Saturday, with a matinee at 2 
p.m. on Sunday. Tickets range from 
$19-34. Info: 550-1010. 

display through May 1% Her multi-
media work focuses on pre-Hispanic 
history. Gallery hours are Tuesday 
through Saturday from noon to 5 p.m. 
Admission is free. Info: 551-8884. 

Y6uwtuZC1f 
-tie fJ~ orllS 

go7ll/lZellWl'aaw !iZki& r 
W7i3!iJ yduzttb/l c:ff()ze 

In commemoration of your past, and in 
celebration of your future, keepsake your 
graduation with a Commemorative Bottle 
of UCSD premium wine celebrating the 
Class of 1995 . 

Our Premium UCSD 
Wine Offerings : 

Cabemet Sauvignon. Sauvignon Blanc 
1 Bottle = $25 • 3 Bottles = $60 

plus wx mulshipping 
Quantities are limited - rhis is a one-rime offer! 
Both are California wines (rom Mount p..tomar Winery 

T his wine has a specially designed UCSD label, 
that cannot be bought elsewhere, and it is being 
offered JUSt this once, so cell your friends! 

To Order 
CALL 

1 .. 800 .. 841 .. 24 26 
We accept Visa I Mastercard and Checks, 

(Call.hove number (or .ddress) 

WlOe will be shippcJ 10 June 5 of 1995 
We cannOt ship Internationally. 

- - -Deadline to Order: 
OS/22/95 

Actual Label 50% Enlarged 

Color Label 

Simply the Best! 
The Berkeley Review,1{1 

an 
MeAT Preview 

course 

o Excellent instructors; With the small class sizes that we 
offer, you will receive personalized attention from 
instructors with an average of over five years of I'tCAT 
teaching experience eachl 

49 Superior materials; Our materials contain over 1000 
practice passages that mimic the MeAT exam. 

@) Personal Contact; Office hours are held each week of the 
course, when you need them, not just at the end. 

o High Scores; An average score of I 1.0 in the physical and 
biological science sections since our inception. 

e Motivation (k structure; Our sch,edule paces you to enjoy 
doing 1000 passages by August 19. We take a personal 
interest in the progress of every student. You aren 't just 
processed through the mill. 

'IFte 

~~B~~~~ 
Specializing in MeAT Preparation 

I \)1 lkt;lIl, l·al\. (800) 622-8827 1\ J( \ I I HI{ I 
I 111,11111< III 1,1,111,1< ,I ""I, ,,' :11" 1'1 '111111 I 1,111 h, I' 11' 

"-,. 



tflA11.JS 4 

Once is not enough. 
The UCSD Guardian 

UCSD • MESA COLLEGE • SDSU • USD 1 
1 1 

Thursday, May 4, 1995 

Various Artists 
Encomium 

A ... 11 bu.ine.1 placed a 
Mone-time" ad in 
tbe Guardian. Notbing 
bappened. Anotber lull 

: !~~:.~o,~!~~~~!~~soup $392 .. " : 
1 N.halicl willi..., ........ Soup ... indudod COl ......... ~ 6/1 /9~. 1 
lilt was bound to happen. Tribute 

Atl8ntlc Record. 

1 HAPPY HOUR 5·7 PM EVERY DAY 1 albums are proliferating faster than talk would be expected, Rollins goes for the jugular, sending '70s rock through 
the punk grinder with his irreverent 
take on "Four Sticks," itself one of 
Zeppelin's more avante galde tunes. 

buline.. placed 5 ads 
(at a frequency dilcount) 
and they did better. 

1 51.2S beer (domestic) 51.75 (house) wine 1 shows and, for better or worse, Led 
Buy 1 large sake and get 1 small sake FREE! Zeppelin stands as a major reference 

I $1.25 sushi, $1.99 spicy handroll, 52 chicken roU, 1 point on the rock 'n' roll landscape. 
Call tbe advertising 
office today at 534-3466 
and we'll all benefit. 

1 $3 spicy dynamite rolls, miso 99(, rice 99(, and much more! 1 Unfortunately, most of the bands 
lion Encomium: A Tribute 10 
1 YAKIMONO JAPANESE RESTAURANT I ' Led Z~ppelin ~ail ~ ~k, 
1 7!1iJ Regents Rd. (Yom CmI6) 7421J Clairemont Mesa Blvd. (Kearny MtSiI) 1 ~t~n~ precious h~le 10-
1 452-4255 560-1311 1 '. :!::~II~~~~band smu-

But these triumphs are overshad-
owed by the truly grotesque 
tracks on the album. Tori 
Amos and Robert Plant win 
first prize in this category 
for theirhorrifying cover of 
"Down by the Seaside." 
Amos' histrionic, New Age 
gush, which is often tire-
some in her own music, is 
unbearable here, clashing 

L ____________________ .J The openingtrack,4 Non 

1ifI:7 Family Planning Associates Medical Group 
ABORTION TO 24 WEEKS 

(General or Local Anesthesia) 
Free Pregnancy Testing 

Earty Pregnancy Test 
(Immediate Test Results) 

Birth Control . 

Outpatient Female Sterilization 
LA MESA 

8881 Fletcher Pkwy. 
(619) 698-6601 

MISSION VIEJO 
26400 La Alameda 

(71.) 348-2<440 

NEWPORT BEACH 
4501 Birch St. 
(71") 851-1201 

MIND HEART 

• Insurance 
• Health Plans 

• Medl-Cal 
• VIsa 

• MasterCard 
• Discover 

Se Habla Espatlol 

FIND 

SteRol 

S.rfboe .... 

SOUL A.IORepeiI' 
Sales 

MANY TO OUR ~uCro.~~M~m~.::'~::~~~_, 
D 

U.c. Cyaery. IntercoDege Residents AQOCiation. Student Health Service 
Mountain Bike Warehouse. Naked Foods. Oinique 

Graduate Student Association .lntercoUege Residents Association 
Weight Watchers . 'Jujce Oub. Powerbar. ChemTrak II 
The Step Company's Professional Slide. Albertson's 

Tower Records. Golden Swirl Frozen Yogurt. Health Valley Foods 

SPECIAL THANkS FROM OUR PLANNERS: 
Student Health Advocates 

Student Health Service 
Student Safety Awareness 

UCSD Dining Services 

'I'IItoII 
......... 

TIe GIIIII'IIIcII 
CIuII .... L 
WUtdo 
,....n 

1M ... 
upstairs In the 

Ic!.. ....... Center 
Ibovethe 

GenerII Store. 

Blonde'srenditionof"Misty 
Mountain High," is nearly a 
deadringer to the original. 
While singer Linda Perry's 
bad-girl vocals sometimes emerge to 
give "High" a femme twist. they're 
mostly lost within the song's structural 
sa meness. "Alternative" favorites 
Stone Temple Pilots don 't do much 
beller with their unplugged version of 
"Dancing Days," a clean, well-pro-
duced, yet utterly uninteresting take 
on the original. Other bands which 
make their showing - from Duran 
Duran to Big Head Todd and the Mon-
ster - are neither here nor there. 

Only two artists stand out on this 
12-track exercise in tedium: Sheryl 
Crow and Henry Rollins. Crow's ren-
dition of "D'yer Maker," which has 
earned heavy radio play, is the high-
water mark. Sounding like a scrappy 
17-year-old, full of wiggly energy and 
anxiety, Crowbrillianlly resurrects the 
famed Zep lune,givingthis heartbreak 
story a fresh , female spin. And, as 

with Plant 's vocals with undue force. 
Never Mind the Bride comes in a 
distant second for its defacement of 
Zeppelin's sappy, but enduring, "Go-
ing to California." 

The producers and artists missed a 
wonderful opportunity with Enco-
mium: Rather than injecting Zeppelin 
with a fresh beat,they've managed to 
slavishly regurgitate what Plant and 
Co. slapped down on vinyl over two 
decades ago. 

But perhaps we shouldn't expect 
more. As retro becomes a surrogate 
for inspiration, postmodernism is ex-
ulted as a virtue and Generation X 
continues to exhume its cultural arti-
facts, Encomium: A Tribute to Led 
Zeppeiill is painfully in step with the 
times, proving once again that, yes, 
the song remains the same. 

- Doug Alexander 

ARE YOlJ READY FOR 
CONTIKI'S ElJROPE? 

London ... Paris .. . Rome .. . Athens. Discover all the 
places you've been dreaming about with a fun-
loving group of people your own age. Choose 
from over 30 to'urs-frorn 9 to 52 days. Our 
all-inclusive prices are unbeatable. 

Stop by or call Council Travet, 452-0830 
for a free brochure. 

Earn up to 15 units this summer! 
.. SDSU's 

Summer 
Sessions .. 
May 30- August 18, 1995 
• Sessions begin throughout the summer 
• Hundreds of courses from over 56 

departments! 
• Uncrowded campus - no parking 

congestion 

Register by mail now, or in person beginning 
May I, at the College of Extended Studies, 
SDSU Gateway Center, corner of Hardy Ave. 
and Campanile Dr. 

Hours: 9 am-7 pm Monday-Thursday 
9 am-S pm Friday 
8 am-I 2 noon Saturday 

For more information or to have a 
free cataloJ mailed to you, call 

SDSU Summer Sessions at 594-5152. 

.~, ,' ... 

Thursday, May 4, 1995 

PETrY: Singer NAVA: Director 
plays acoustic set addresses funding issue 
ContInued from ..... H1 ContInued from ..... H2 
recentalbum WlIdJlowers)adeptly ceMd. How does thMlffect 
mixed blues and rock. ,. ... ,....~ 

Part of Petty's appeal comea I couldn't have made EI NOIn 
from thetalentofhis backing band, without American Playhouse. You 
the Heartbreakers, which has been know, nobody else would make it So 
with Petty for nearly 20 years. The when you see these attacks by Con-
band pJAyecJ with assurance, as it gress you feel that they are essentially 
demonstrated during an intomt- sayiagthatEINoneshould have never 
ingsurf-guitar instrumental which been made. ... 
even included a rifffrom Nirvana's And [EI Norte] has been the only 
"Smells Like Teen Spirit" Guitar- serious film to be made about the 
istMikeCampbeUandkeyboardist situation of illegal immigration, which 
Benmont Tench are two of rock's is probably the most distinguishing 
most respected studio musicians, social movement that is going on right 
and they earned their paychecks now in California, and yet nobody 
Wednesday night. makes movies about it. 

While ' Petty's recent albums The only thing that was made on 
haven't consistently had the same the subject was made by American 
edge as 1979's Damn the Torpe- Playhouse; if American Playhouse 
does, he can still work a crowd. didn't exist, it would never have been 
Though at times flat material made. So where would we be at any-
("Cabin Down Below,,) and me- way? I would have nocareer,EINorte 
andering jams ("It's Good to be would not have been made, and what 
King") hampered Petty's perfor- is that going to do to future Gregory 
mance, his gracious attitude and Navas whoarecomingup?Theywon't 
spirited performance kept the low get their shot. lJley won't get their 
points from becoming detriments. chances because American Playhouse 

Although opening act the was very daring. A lot of filmmakers 
Jayhawks didn't portray the same got thei r start there. 
presence as Petty, the Minneapo- Hollywood is too big and ex pen-
lis-based band has crafted some sive an institution to risk doing films 
great, country-influenced songs like EI Norte. So they just won't get 
over its 10-year career. The made. But in fact, films like EI Norte 
Jayhawks' latest album, Tornor- lead to changes in the industry. So, it 
row the Green Grass, is the band 's helps to revitalize the industry. So, in 
best, and songs such as "Blue" and fact, Congress putting money into 
itscover of Grand Funk Railroad's something like American Playhouse ... 
"Bad Time" sounded sharp, even opens the door on new things, on new 
ifthebandseemedsomewhataloof filmmakers who eventually go on, as 
during its performance. I have, to work to change the main-

Come Here for Beer! 
Pete's Wicked .Ale 

$4~!ICRY .... 

and more ... 
, 

I 
• Best .... ctlon of wine .nd spectaJty liqueUrs 
• Over 200 beera, apeclallzlng In mlcro-brewerles 
• Gourmet putrIea, cheese, chacollte, & delllte ... 
• Unique gina, wrap, and Incredible greeting carda 

· Spirits of Saint Gennain 
3251 Holiday COUrt ..... __ .T .... 
(619) 455-1414 

• 

" , 
. , , 

The UCSD Guardian 

1tIam. 
IDtryiDgtodenyfundingtoAmeri-

can Playbouse,lAd progrIIIUIliagand 
PBS, etc., I think that Coagresa is 
being very shortIigIml They an: not 
only doinsa wmendous disservice to 
the immediate audience, but they an: 
doing a tremendous disservice to the 
entertainment industry at large, which 
is our strongest export industry. 
Do,.. tink .. curr...a ..... 
.. In CIIfarnIa COl ...... 
.............. 11Ion - which 
..... to ........ ridsm __ -

~who .. ~-
wII CII'IY OWl' IIId lui the 
LaIIno tim InduItry1 

I don't know. Maybe it will help. 
Why would you tNnk II would 
help? 

Maybe people will be more mo-
tivated to go [see the film] because 
they find [Proposition] 187 repul-
sive or maybe people will go just 
because it is just a good movie. And 
they'll identify with it because it is 
about family and maybe it will 
change their minds about Proposi-
tion 187. Who knows? Of course, 
Mi Familia is about a legal immi-
grant family - they're here about 
the same time most families came in 
from Italy and Russia and Germany, 
in the 1920s and the teens. 

It doesn't directly involve illegal 
Latinos. Latino doesn't mean iIIe-
gal. But unfortunatelY,1 think things 
like 187 are an attack on the entire 
Latino community. People start to 
resent all Latinos, which is very, 
very wrong. The whole thing is baf-
fling. So I .;an't say that I'm a big 
fan of Prop 187 at all. 
ThelCriptemphaizes theidel 
that AIneric.-.. constantly 

Study Japanese 
this Summer! 

Inlensive six-week program al 
Lewis & Clark College in Portland, 
Oregon July IS-Aug 27. Sludy 
Japanese lang. (alllcvcls) & 
culture courses in economics, 
lilenlulC and bislory. Earn 8 scm. 
brs (12 qlr. brs) while livina and 
studying with Japtlnese students. 
Ouldoor wilderness lrip included. 
Prior language study not required. 
Scbollrships availablel 

Oregon/Sapan Summer Program 
222 SW Columbia St., Suite 1750 
Portland, OR 97201 
l-103.aJ-7938 opIeuab@8ol~ 

you'II ...... n. 
GREEN becau .. 

.e're READ 
..... Aft .... ' .1141411 

• I'i 

" HlATIlS 5 

.............. c ........ tIrIt n. ........... ....-

....... to M.xJco, ....... ..... ................... 
M.JdcInI ........... to .. How ....... lIto ........... 
InCllf .... 11m Into. atary which peaple 

Yea-and they don't believetbat could ....... to ....... on per-
now, but we all know that it did (be- ................... , ........ 
long to Mexim). I mean it's in your of ........ II &ftIW Into too 
face everyday. The lIIIIIeofeverycity much .... eplc7 
is Spanish: San Diego, Los Angeles, Well, it is an epic ... but it's an 
San Francisco, Santa Barbara. intimate epic. I guess the answer to 
you ................. ,. .... your question is it's the unknown, 
..,.m six to ...... ntOi.II •• which makes a story good and en-
.......... rchon .......... ? tertaining and funny and sad. 

Well, first, I'm very familiu with ElNorfe ... MlF ........ 
the barrio. I've spent • lot of time dralticaIIr different types of 
there, I had all kinds of relatives there fIIms- which one .... you 
when I grew up. We used to go to East say Is row favorite? 
LA. all the time. And as for reswdt Every film is its own journey, 
- I interviewed people from differ- and I enjoyed working on Mi 
ent walks of life, who remembered Familia. I can't say I enjoyed mak-
the deportations [in the 19205] and the ing EI Norte - that was so hard to 
[Latino gangs] of the 1950s. do. We went from 100 locations, 
Jimmy Smits ... EuI Moo from Chiapas to L.A., and we al-
.... II" reilly powerful most got killed a couple of times 
performlnces. ••• Cln you making that movie; so that was a 
eWJorlte on whit it WIS to pretty harrowing experience. 
work with these acton? But we were really glad that we 

It was a fantastic experience made it. It was very well received 
working with them. They were all and [EI Norte affected] so many 
very dedicated to making the film. lives. It has been pretty incredible 
They really believed in it. We meeting people who went to Guate-
workedtogetherlikeafamily. There mala for six years after seeing the 
was a very strong bond on the set. movie and worked with Mayan 
With EI Norte and Iff; F.mUg people. 
you hive filmed your own EL Norte was a great experience, 
screen .... ys. Is this I choice but it \Vas a very tough shoot. IMi 
you hive mICIe or do you Familial was a very tough shoot in 
think that you Ire stiD out of another way. We had a limited 
the loop lmonS directors In amount of money but we all pulled 
Hollywood? together and I enjoyedMi Familia a 

Well, I am out of the loop, in little bit more. But they're both like 
terms of getting offered projects, my kids, I love them equally well 
but it's also a choice I have made and they were both a joy to make 
because I think the holy grail of all because being able to make films 
filmmakers is to do original stories. with stories like that is very rare. 

Mother's Day is 
Sunday, May 14thl 
rlW /J"/WI to tfet{) ~/d 

c.\ I I . :'\( )\\ 
558-5963 

Elderberry Creations 
11<104 Sorrento Valley ~ '107 

San Dieso. Ca. 92121 



'. 

... 

HIATUS 6 

The Basketball Diaries 
Film makes its anti-drug 
message painfully clear 

By Cere Udell 
Staff Writer 

Not exactly a movie dedicated to 
sports, The Basketball Diaries de-
picts the tragic story of a talented 
teenager who comes of age by im-

drug usage or a period when drugs 
temporarily disrupt one's life. The 
Basketball Diaries continues the tra-
dition by portraying drugs and rebel-
lion as a passing, experimental stage 
of adolescence. 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, May 4, 1995 

mersing himself in a life of 
drugs and addiction. Based 
on Jim Carroll 's 1963 auto-
biography of the same title, 
the film follows a 13-year-
old boy along his destruc-
tive journey from college-
bound basketball player to 
homeless criminal and 
junkie. 

Unfortunately, this story does not 
stand out as new or original. It is 
something we have all seen before in 
literature and film as well as on tele-
vision. Stories about drugs typically 
concentrate on either a lifetime of 

While the film explores 
Carroll's triad of interests 
- basketball, poetry and 
heroin - drug use eventu-
ally comes to dominate the 
screen. Leonardo DiCaprio 
(What 'S Eating Gilbert 
Grape and This Boy's Life) 
plays Jim 's character with 
conviction. Acting as a 

heroin addict for the majority of the 
film, he is constantly strung out and 
desperately in need of his daily fix. 

Courtesy of New line Cinema 
Jim Carroll (Leonardo DICaprio) .waa .... with some of hi. Catholic school boy •• 

Despite DiCaprio's admirable act-
ing, the film does not do a convincing 
job capturing either the era or the 

authenticity of this story. Overall, the 
screen adaptation falls short of main-
tainingCarroIl's style of journal writ-
ing. The use of personal narrative is 
fragmented. 

Six Fla 5 
icMoun 

UCSD ~-I..-
-··--- ~SPECIAL VALUE DAYS! •. ___ ._w. 

'I" o,.s II 11:00 AJl locIIt4 ..... 111 .. HIiywood "' ~S. 
April 1,2.8 Daily Tbru 30 
Mal 1· 31-
., ......... -., ... 4121 • .,2 .. &llil 12.111. 

11CICE1S MUST. PUlOIASED IN ADVANaAND ARE VAUD ANY ONE OF ntE ABOVE 

• Save S 13.00 • Save J 45% • 
ON GENEAAl USE: TlQ<ETS 

_____ ~X!~!~~!t!~~~!~2_~~!L ___ _ 
For TIckets Contact: 

UCSD Box OMce Price Center 
(619) 534-6467 

The ending of the film also di-
verges from the original book. Direc-
tor Scott Kalvert incorporates that 
grand Hollywood touch by adding a 
distinct and, in this case, false sense of 

closure which teaches a lesson. 
While Carroll's book offers no 

resolution to his debaucherous life, 
the film ends on an artificially posi-
tive note. 

+ !£f&iclAil 
CUNlCAL TR1ALs CEN"nR 

ASTHMA VOLUNTEERS 
HELP WANTED! 

PltGSe call u.s todizy if you meet any of these crileria: 
• Non-smoker for 1 year with less than a 10 year history 

• Use of a bronchodilator (i.e. ventolin, proventil, alupent, maxair) 
• 18 years of age or older (males 12-17 years may be eligible) 

We will collSitk, all eligible candilJaln and oJ/er the 
follDwilal ._jib ollCe you quIIlib: 

• Pulmonary function tests to evaluate your breathing 
• SSS compensation based upon qualifying visits completed 
• Physical exam and foJJow-up visits by UCSD physicians 

PI-. ctIIJ lIS ID4Iq III 294-37 87._---.J 
Do you suffer from 

Volunteers are needed for Research Drug Study . 
All testing and study medications are 

FREE 
Qualified participants will be paid up to 

$100 
for participation 

Call 438-3988 Ask for Linda or Dianna 
WARREN W. PLESKOW, M.D. 

Allergy and Asthma Treatment and Research Associates 

$1 COLLEGE BEER NIGHT ~COLLEGE PIZZA PITCHER SUNDAY 
loin US for food 

• drink specials \ 
AlllD-oz. Microbnwed been 

$1 after 7 plI • All Pizzas $5 
............., $1 ......... .",. -- • All 48-oz. pitchers each 

4475 Mission Blvd. 
Comer ofMlllioa I: Gamet ia S.1Cout Squre 

Fnepll'ldas 08"HombI .. d 274. ALES 


