
~1~"j:I=t,t=­
'One c.d' to UnIfr 
UCLA ..... . 
LOS ANGELES - UCLA's 
One Card, expected in spring 
1996, will be the first identifi-
cation, debit, meal and-library 
card to be linked to a commer-
cial banking firm. Backers of 
the card claim that transac-
tions, such as registration 
payments-and financial-aid 
distributions, will be much 
faster with the new system 
because students' university 
and bank accounts will be 
linked. Future plans for the 
card include its acceptance by 
local and long-distance 
telephone companies, vending 
machines and off-campus 
retailers. 

- The Daily Bruin 

TeacIHn SUpports 
Affirmative Action 
BERKELEY - UCB 
professors and students 
gathered Wednesday night for 
an evening of speaking and 
singing in support of affirma-
tive action. Sponsored by 
Diversity in Action - a 
student organization aiming to 
overturn the UC regents' 
decision early this summer to 
eliminate affirmative action -
the teach-in was modeled after 
similar demonstrations from 
the Civil Rights movement. 
Speakers at the event included 
a cultural activist named 
Imani, several UC Berkeley 
professors and a self-pro-
claimed "angry white man for 
affirmative action." 

- The Daily Californian 

New Pro&Dm Draws 
More Applicants ' 
SACRAMENTO - CSUS 
has begun experimenting 
with an "on-the-spot" 
admissions policy as a way 
of both increasing applica-
tions and improving the 
quality of its student ser-
vices. Students will be 
interviewed and notified 
immediately wbether tbey 
have been admitted to the 
school. Althougb the practice 
itself i. several years old, the 
univenity hu only recently 
begun actively promoting it. 
Focusing on incoming 
freshmen, the program i. 
open to anyone desiring 
priority admission in the fall. 
Approximately 600 of the 
650 students who applied lui 
year for "on-the-spot" 
admission were accepted into 
the university. 

- The Stille Hornet 

ClASH 
OPINION: Heated debate 
over the Senate's recent 
welfare-refonn bill 4 

lPORTI: UCSD women's 
volleyball places second at 
the Mizuno Invitational 24 

UCSANDIEGO 

The 

Dr. Richard C. 
Atkinson 
formally begins 
his duties as 
. 

president of the 

, 

University of 
California today, 
taking the helm of 
a system plagued 
by underfunding 
and threatened 
with an impending 
surge in the college-
aged population. 

H • u 

MONDAY, ocrOBER 2, 1995 

son 
ra 

V_at Zolo1Orw/~ 

Atkinson spoke to the 
Guardian on his last day 
as chancellor to discuss the 
past $uccess of UCSD and 
the future challenges 
facing the University of 
California system. 

do you think 
you' ... ......... 

to ... ............. 
01 .... Untv.slty 

01 c.tornla1 
guess the committee' on 

that. In part, I think I was a strong candidate 
for the job because of the remarkable suc-
cess of this campus. I think everybody in the 
country, and especially in the ue, recog-
nizes just how unique this campus' devel-
opment has been. If you look at the National 
Academy of Science rankings, you know 
we're second in public institutions only to 

Continued on pg. J 1 

By Marianne Vigil 
Senior Staff Writer 

c s D 

VOLUME 86, ISSUE 4 

Campuswide 
Drill Prepares 
Students for. 
Emergencies 
WAKE-UP CALL: Students 
urged to respond as if the drill 
were an actual emergency 
By G,..J .... 
Guardian Reporter 

Approximately 7,000 on-campus residents will 
wakeupat7:15 a.m, on Thurs., Oct. 5,forUCSD's 
eighth-annual campuswide emergency drill. 

An annual event initiated by Muir College in 
1987, the drill is designed to prepare students 
for a real emergency. 

According to Housing and Dining Services 
Administrative Analyst Sandy Cromwell, the 
drill is not just for fires, but for "any type of 
emergency, such as bombings or earthquakes." 

The UCSD Emergency Preparedness Com-
mittee, made upof staff representatives from Hous-
ing and Dining Services, is in charge of the drill, 

When the alarms sound in residence halls 
and apartments, Resident Advisors (RAs) will 
knock on studenti' ,doors and direct them to an 
assembly area. UCSD is divided into 10 differ-
ent emergency regions, each with its own cen-
tral meeting place. 

RAs will then take roll and give the residents 
instructions on what they should do in case of a 
real emergency. LiITY Barrett, director of Hous-
ing and Dining Services, will organize and over-
see the campus response. 

Although UCSD has a somewhat uneventful 
history of emergencies, recent disasters like the 
Loma Prieta and Northridge earthquakes have 
forced other ue campuses - such as Berkeley, 
San Frsncisco, Santa Barbara and Santa Cruz-
to implement similar emergency plans. 

"UCSD has been very lucky in that it hasn't 
had to confront a major disaster, like UCLA 
with the Northridge earthquake," Cromwell said. 

The administration, however, wants to en-
sure the students that UCSD is prepared for any 
emergency. 

"We must make sure that each student is 
safe, fed, warm and protected," Cromwell said. 
"We have automatic gas cut-off [mechanisms), 
an elaborate on-call system to contact the fami-
lies of students, and our systems are linked to 
AM/FM stations." 

According to campus architeds, all buildings 
at UCSD have been inspected and decIaraI earth-
quake and fire-safe. 

See DRILL, Page 2 

Parking Problems Increase as Number of'S' Spaces Dwindles 
FRUSTRAnON: 
Students bemoan pOOr 
parking situation 
By Iv .. Delventh81 
Associate News Editor 

One glance at North Parking on a 
weekday morning tells thewhole story: 
TraffIC jams, cars packed in like sar-
dines and frustrated drivers scouring 
for vacant spaces are commonplace. 

UCSD students and administrators 
both agree that parking is a problem 

which has plagued the university for 
many years. 

"It's crappy. It's overcrowded, but 
there's nothing you can do about it," 
said Manhall junior Justin Collins. "I 
deal with it." 

Few deny the 1ackof paOOngspaces 
at UCSD. Even Transportation and 
Parking Services administrators ad-
mit that spaces are scarce. 

"There is not enough parking for 
anybody at UCSD, except maybe the 
faculty," said Ed Webb, an adminis-

See DILEMMA, Page 2 

PARKING WOES AT UCSD 
Over the last six years, the number of student (·S~ spaces 
has decreased, while the number of other spaces (faculty, 
staff, meters, reserved, 'etc.) has Increased. 

7"~~-r----~--~~~~--~ 
7000 i=:!fiii-~ 
IlOO 

1000 

IlOO 
'10 '11 '12 '13 'M .. 



2 NEWS The UCSD Guardian 

ETCETERA. 
CALVIN a HOBBES by Bill Watterson 

Ct.\. Mon.ltlG . I WAS JI/S, 
nltHklM<i. Mt."(8E. If "lOJ w.P 
* TIME. '1OJ At(O I COlU) 
00 -. F-'lIU-~ ~MD or 

~()lE<:l·. 'IOO~. .lVST 
l\\t NCo Of US . 

'I.M 

Monday, October 2, 1995 

• • 

'IOO'IlE ().,O EIIOIJGIi TO 
FIR£-"IU'.S -...ID 

E"Y.Pu)SI~k'5 , 
Il.\~p 

hcked: Students scramble to board the North Parking shuttle. 
~J 

DILEMMA: 
Construction blamed 
for loss of spaces 
ContInued from .,... 1 
trative assistant in the parking de-
partment. 

An examination of campus park-
ing statistics from the last five years 
indicates a notable trend. Student 
parking, or "S" spaces, have gradu-
ally decreased in number, going from 
6,782 in 1990, to 6,081 in 1995-a 
drop of 701 spaces. 

UCSD campus enrollment sta-
tistics over those same five years 
indicate, however, that the under-
graduate student population has 
stayed virtually the same-14,392 
attended UCSO· in 1990, compared 
to 14,320 last year. Critics argue 
that these figures point to the source 
to the extensive parking problems. 

In contrast to yellow parking 
spaces, the number of Faculty" A", 
Staff "B" and "other" spaces has 
gone up steadily in the past half 
decade. Other spaces - which in-
clude parking meters, r~rved, al-
located, disabled, UC vehicle, ser-
vice yard and loading-zone spaces 
- have surged over 25 percent. 

"The first day [of school], it was 
really crowded. I parked in yellow 
spaces, and I noticed a lot of [former 
yellow) spaces had been designated 
green," said Roosevelt junior 
Cynthia Nelson. 

Parking officials attribute most 
ofthe decrease in "s" spaces to the 
vast amounts of construction taking 

DRILL: Officials 
suggest students 
purchase first-aid kits 
ContInued from .,... 1 

"Warren and Thurgood Marshall 
[colleges] were built after the earth-
quake regulations were passed, so 
they are very safe," Cromwell added. 

Cromwell suggested that each stu-
dent purchase a tlueHay emergency 
kit - oomilting of water, food, a 
fJashlight, an emergency blanket, a 
whistle and a l~iece first aid kit-
It the University IJookskR. 

Cromwell also urged that stu-
denta take the drill seriously. 

"When tbe alarm goes off, stu-

place around campus, but Webb 
added that other factors are also 
responsible for the decline in "S" 
parking. 

"We try to put out as many stu-
dent spots as we can," Webb said. 
"But it's always a struggle dealing 
with the faculty members [at UCSD] 
because they have a lot of power. 

"Even though these things have 
to go through a parking advisOry 
committee [made up of three stu-
dents, three faculty and three staff 
members], the faculty seems to get 
its way somehow," he added. 

Parking officials say there are 
plans to build three parking struc-
tures within the next five years, but 
they are unsure where the new fa-
cilities will be located. 

At present, they claim, it is both 
complicated and expensive to build 
additional lots. 

"The cost for putting in one park-
ing space can be anywhere from 
S1,5oo to S10,Ooo," Webb ex-
plained, citing paving, lighting, 
maintenance and landscaping costs: 

Still, parking officials insist that 
while some "S" spaces may have 
been lost, additional parking spots 
have recently been added. 

"We put out new lots like the one 
by the Campus Services Complex, 
and the extension of lot 702. It's all 
brand-new student parking," said 
Webb. 

The parking department strongly 
urges UCSDstudentstoconsiderother 
means of transportation - such as 
buses, motorcycles, carpools or 
shuttles - to get to and from school. 

dents tend to just ignore it," she 
said. "In [areal emergency], no one 
will be knocking on your door [to 
get you up]." 

Some students, however, do not 
see the importance of tbe drill. 

"I don't have class until 4 p.m.," a 
Marshall sophomore werred to re-
main nameless said. "I'm not going to 
get up before that for anything." 

A first-year Muir student, who 
also requested anonymity, agreed, 
"At 7:15 a.m., I'm just not going to 
be up to it I think I'll just hide in my 
room or something." 

Although the drill will lui ap-
proximately 30 minutes, Cromwell 
recommends that studenta with 8:30 
Lm. cIIIICI take their boob. 

I lIONDER. 'f4\I1OI M\)SC~C; 
~ "W.T. I CAM 
SOVJ Of C\..DICII M1 SIJIT, 
1m I DaKt nil"''' \, 

CO\JU) 'f4~\£ -.. TAIL . 
\IMM.~~! 

~~I "' . , " ./ 
SOK 1\\,"6S ~T I&J) 

~ ~ PEOI'LE 
Gl~ nI~ . 

\ 

I£~. t ~T i()IJ ~ t£y( COMIC 
8(X)I(. . 'f(\\~ ~\;"bJ JIl5, S\\ 
00 -mE COOC,\\ ~o lll_ MA~E '(00 
~E 1£*1), 8\JTIER c.~. 
~I!E '«)) 1IlMF'i ~ rz::::."~----

.§U4O¥IS E~T1IIIf6. 
..• 

BRIEFLY ... 

UCSD Expert to Direct Wifeless Center 
Anthony Acampora, who joined the UCSD School of 

Engineering earlier this month, has been named direc· 
tor of the Center for Wireless Communications at 
UCSD. 

Acampora came to UCSD from Columbia Unlver· 
sity. where he was a professor of electrical engineer· 
ing and the director of the Center for Telecommunica-
tions Research. 

The UCSD center, draws upon the departments of 
electrical and computer engineering and computer 
science. The center is dedicated to research and 
education In the transmission of voice, computer and 
video data through wireless, personal communication 
devices. 

The center Is a partnership between the university 
and seven telecommunications companies, which fund 
the center with their annual ·membership· fees. In 
exchange, the companies can Influence the direction 
of the center's research through participation in its 
Industrial AdvISOfY Board. 

CUIbodIan Compo •• Jolu 
UCSD Mullc Faculty 

Chlnary Un&, an expert In I<hmer music and a 
master of the roneat~ (the Cambodian xylophone), 
joined the UCSO music faculty last month. 

ung has taught at Arizona State University, the 
University of PeMsylvanla, the I<hmer Studies Insti-
tute and Northem illinois University. In addition, he 
has received commissions and grants from several 
prominent arts groups, Including the National Endow-
ment for the Arts and the Guaeheim Foundation. 

His WOrks, IncludIng "Spiral" and "Inner Voices," 
have pmered numerous honofs and awards. "Inner 
Voices" was hailed by the Phllllldelpht. Inquirer as, 
"lavishly coiofed, and wholly understandable In terms 
of contemporary American eclecticism ••• reveallnC a 
brief recollection, a veiled nostalCia for musical get-

ture that could only have been learned In Asia.· 
Profe ... Named First 
Dlatiniliished Chair In Chemistry 

UCSD ProfessorW.E. Moemer, a ieadingresearcher 
in optoelectroniC materials, has been named the 
university's first distinguished chair In physical che~ 
istry by the unanimous vote of two campus commit-
tees. 

The Candidate Review Committee called Moerner 
• an innovative and versatile researcher who has made 
important contributions in several fields.· 

Moemer is credited as the cCHilscover of a new 
class of optoelectronic materials known as 
photorefractlve polymers, and has pioneered the tect.-
nlque known as slngleinolecuie spectro&raphy. 

Moemer plans to establish a ·worlck:lass" center 
at UCSD to study the properties of photorefractive 
polymers, with the ultimate goal of providing superior 
materials for applications such as optical computing 
and holographic data storage. 

ROGER ExpansIon Improv .. 
U...., Clrculdon IenIces 

The University Libraries have upgraded ROGER, 
UCSO's online catalDi, to allow for Increased access 
to circulation records. 

The-new system allows registered faculty, students 
and staff to access a wide r8I9 of services, includlnCthe 
ability to renew items, verify address information and due 
dates, and c:hecI< on the status of holds and recaNs. 

The system is available under the ·View Your 
Circulation Record" option on ROGER's main menu, 
and access is granted upon entry of a valid name, 
library barcode (on the back of the university 10 card) 
and user-selected password. 

For more Information, see any of the UCSD Ubrar· 
les' circulation desks. 

_ ST.,._' •• I .... ~ ... UncI. Den.....,. 
~: 53. fl5I1. NIwI",..."..: 53oM22e, 

~:53.fl5.2.~:53.eeI3 
•• 1_ 0Mce: ~34e8. fIa: ~7et1 

HWII: ............... =-~ ___ Hell. HMItIIrMcRN ...... I'll 
ILWI'IM_ MIeN CNft. ...... fIIn. .... ".1IIcII VumuI 
II. I I. .......1IIdIIIIn 
...., ........ JulleMII .... _.MIIk, .... _ 
"''''' •• 1 JIM""".",,,,,,., ftNTl __ r-

GuInIIn OnlIne: 1IIIp:/"-.UCId.~ 
UCID .... ......., 1100 ...... om. 0118, 

La ~ CA 12Oa-OI18 
.... ..-.. .......... UCID ...... c..... ..... '.· ...... 217 

Monday,~ber2, 1995 The UCSD Guardian NEWS 3 

INTERIM CHANCELLOR CASERIO ADDRESSES UCSD's DIVERSITY 
IN LIGHT OF THE REGENTS' AFFIRMATIVE-AcnON DEQSION 

To the UCSD commualty: 
In this first opportunity to ad-

dress you in my new role,let me say 
that it is my sincere pleasure to serve 
as your interim chancellor. lappre-
ciate your support, and I pledge to 
uphold the standards of excellence 
long held at UCSD. 

I have been approached by many 
concerned faculty, s~ff and students 
about the resolutions adopted by the 
regentsofthe University of Calif or-
nia, which prohibit considerations 
of race, color, ethnicity or gender in 
admissions, employment and con-
tracting decisions. Because there is 
concern and discussion on this issue 
throughout the campus, I would like 
to address it at this time. 
. Although I did not welcome the 
regents' decision on this matter, it 
does present us with both a chal-
lenge and an opportunity to rethink 

our diversity efforts. Despite our 
past affirmative-action efforts, 
UCSD is far from being the diverse 
community we all desire. Our cbal-
lenge is to create such a community 
and to ensure that all people of Cali-
fornia have equal opportunity to par-
ticipate in the university as students, 
faculty and staff. 

One such approach has been ini-
tiated by the Office of the President, 
which recently established three task 
forces charged with reviewing and 
recommending policies for faculty 
and staff employment, student ad-
missions and business contracting. 

The UC Admissions Task Foroe 
has until the end of next year to CXlIII-
plete its mission. Meanwhile. UCSD 
has begun discussioas on the revision 
of adm issions aileria and strategies 
to increase diversity in our student 
body. Key to these discussions will be 

Readers·' Forum 
TIle GuardIIn ...,Icomes letters lind _'" 
,.. /him /Is re/lders. All III/IetJ must lie no 
IofWtrINn tine ~.I)ped. doIJbIe...-ed 
IIIId ",*,. L«teIS s/QJIII /list) cont./n • 
p/IOII81Q1111er. We _ the ,.", to edit for 
__ II1II CI8tIIy. I.ett.elS IN)' lie IltoppeO 0" 
., 1M GuardIen omce 011 the second floor of 
the Old SrUIMnt C8trref /,.", *'" tile (;en. 
",. SIDre ~). Send., IIItIIm to: 

TIle GuIrdI8n 
OpInion EtIItOl 

8500 GItn8n Dr. 0316 
. 1.e.lOll .. CA 1120934316 

FIll: (519) 5:J4. 7591 
..meH:~.edu 

the Academic Senate Committee on 
Admissions. Many innovative pro-
grarnsarebeingconsidered,andsome 
projects already have been initiated to 
improve our outreach efforts. Clearly, 
our priority is to reach out to the 
primary and secondary schools to fos-
ter student preparation for success in 
the university. I encourage each of 
you to support this effort and to par-
ticipate in whatever extent possible. 

Vice Chancellor [Steve] Relyea 
has already written you concerning 
the issue of faculty and staff employ-
ment andbusinesscontracting.ln large 
measure, UCSO'ssubstantialresc:arch 
contracts, and the positions which 
those contracts fund, are regulated by 
federal laws which supersede actions 
by the regents. For this reason, we do 
not anticipate major changes in our 
employment and contracting proce-
dures. However, we do need to en-

hance our outreach and diversity ef-
forts to ensure compliance with both 
federal requirements and the regents' 
resolutions. 

The UC task forces established 
to review faculty and staff employ-
ment and business contracting are 
expected to make recommendations 
by mid-October, regarding imple-
mentation of the regents' decision 
and furthering of the university's 
diversity goals. Our campus will 
have the opportunity to respond to 
those recommendations at that time. 

Among the many goals and ob-
jectives for UCSO is a faculty, staff, 
and student body who are represen-
tative of the public we serve. I am 
committed to working with you to-
wards fulfilling this critically im-
portantgoal. 

Maljorie C. Caserlo 
Interim UCSD Cbaac:eUor 

There will be a "new and old" newl writers' mad ... Tuesday at 5 p.m. at the Guardian office. 
Do ,OU haYI frlendlln hlih (or low) placa.' We'relooldnc for beat writers, 10 stop by .... check·u. out. •. 

ad 
• man18 

At Yellow BrIck Road I played Centipede but 
that wasn't going so well so I opted to club 
those gophers for a while, After that I went to 
Music Trader and traded in myoid Duran 
Duran COS. 

. 

THE EARL Y BIRD GETS THE WORM 
April MeAT Examinees: What Kind of Bird are You? 

This Fall, most pre-meds will only work on coursework and extracurriculars. 
A few will begin their conceptual HCAT science ... view. 

Which de you think is tilt mort tlftctm admissions stntfg/ 
The HCAT is an inte&rative test You have to be nuent in III the funa-nuI COIICepts of fint-year physics, 

biology, and general chemistry as wei as a good deal of orpIK. nne concepts are basic, but you've got 
to undentand them intuitively, and be able to apply them to all kjnds of unfamifiar situations. quiddy. 

How can you gain this fluency~ By $laning early. Spend JOUr djsmbonar:x time on ItCAT science mjew 
thjs llVarttr. Then when our course begins in January, our instructon wi! help you put the polish on your 
sciences knowledge, and you can focus on U!!& what you've leamed by doing "CAT practice . passages. 

Here are some good reasons to get started NOW, instead of waiting: 

I. We offer the very best home-study HCAT sciences review materials in existence. 
Dear, conceptual, creative, and concise (weD, as concise as you can ge~ given everything you're responsible 

for~ Sign up early and you an get these great review materials early. Th~ fint shipment of 
our ItCAT Home Prep Pack is available now. 

2. We offer a discount to 
Early Birds. Sign up by 
9/1S and get $ I 00 off, 

3. Choose your session early. 

do it by 10m and get 
a $50.00 diKounl 

With on~ 24 students per session, 
- popular sessions sen out weA 

in . advance of Jan. Ilth. 
Guanntee your favorite ti me slot 

4. Firm up your Resolution. 5. Secure the April Advantage! 
The earlier you· get. started, the "eel School admissions is a very competitive 
leu chance you11 have of "putting proCeu. If you can take the test in Apri~ do so! 
off" the "CAT to August Don't let 40'/, take it in April, 'O'M of admits took April. 
your counework interfere. Ease the burden by dojo& some pRp now· 

Drop by and visit usl Mon-FrI,lOam-Spm 
U Village Prof etr, '1131 (behind E-Bar and EI Torlto) 

9cn-apm 

LfU. 4~~22.°_/.!'l2.~.:!~ND 
,/ 71 I VLJt=1 -'1::1:31 ./ III '!3 ':~ s.:.::::- ..I. wilEN IT'S TIME TO GJ:/' SEJlJOUS ABOUT THE TEST. ... 

Now ENROlliNG: SAN DIEGO'S #1 COURSE FOR THE 

ServIng the UCSD .".medlcal community .fACe 1985 I 
* M.D.'s TRAINING M.D.'s~OF-THE-FUTURE * 

• INTENSIVE MeAT preparalion & medical scbool application! 
admissions assistance are all we do! 

• MCAT EXPERTS: an independent program laught by ·UCSD-trained 
academic M.D.'s, lop M.D.-Pb.D. candidates, & Englisb Department 
Ph.D. faculty. 

• ORIGINATOR. not simulator, of intensive MeAT prep in San Diego. 
• 14 WEEKS (150+ hours) of detailed in-ctass instruction & real MeAT 

leSiing. problem solving, readinglwriting workshops, review groups, 
med scbool applicalion & admissions strategies, & tutoring. 

• _ PAGM of original lake-horne review notes, reading & writing 
studyguides. MeAT & admissions strategy bandouts, problem sets, & 
MeAT -quality timed practice exams. 

• RMI. MeAT TFSDNG for in-class '" take-borne practice. 
• DlBECT CONTACT with young UCSD docs '" ~d students. 
• IVf(}RlNG. pre-med library '" rned school application help included. 
• ON CAMPUS .' tbe UCSD School of Medicine. 
• WWER TUITION tban otber courses. 



.. OPINION 

DESPITE REFORMS, 
PUBLIC DOLE 

REMAINS A BURDEN 
By KAR.L FLAIG 

CONTRIBUTING STAFF WRITER 

hortly after he was elected, Presi-
dent Clinton swore to "end wel-
fare as we know it." Several 
years later, with a helping nudge 

from the Republican Congress, Clinton may 
fmally make good on' his promise. 

Less than two weeks ago, the Senate 
passed a bill to drastically alter the nation's 
welfare system. Far less radical than the 
House of Representative 'S version ratified 
in ~arch, the Senate's welfare-reform pack-
age garnered an 87-12 victory, receiving 
the support of the White House, some-
thing the initial legislation, backed by 
House Speaker Newt Gingrich, never 
won. 

If the widespread, bipartisan sup-
port for the Senate's bill is not just an 
I cannot 
believe that 
• couple, 
.Iready 
unable to 
support Its 
family unit, 

, actually 
.... the .. 11 
to bit.., 

aberration from 
our floundering and, so far, 
useless 104th Congress, 
Clinton will be poised to 
make tbe changes tbat the 
American public demanded 
long ago. 

What does the Senate's 
welfare package offer? Es-
sentially, nothing more than 
a softened version of the 
House's bill from last March. 
Avoiding tbe thorny issue of 
teen mothers and the "fam-
ily cap" backed by Gingricb, 
the Senate's legislation 
merely restates most of the 
House's moderate proposals 
for dismantling the current 
welfare system. 

another 
hu .... n 
bel.., Into 
thI. world. The Senate's bill would 
repeal the New Deal's socialist program, Aid to 
Families with Dependellt Children (AFDC). 'I'he bin 
would also allocate a total ofS16.8 billion to states, 
giving state governments Ilmost free reign to spend 
the grants on the particular welfare needs of each 
state. 

In exchange for the block grants, states must p'ush 
at leul 2S percent of tbeir current welfare recipi-
ents into the workforce by 1996, and double that by 
2000. A state's failure to eliminate SO percent of its 
welfare patrons by 2000 would result in a five per-
cent reduction in government funding. Additionally, 
welfare recipients would be limited to five yean on 

See IMAM, Pace 6 

The UCSD Guardian ~oaday, October 2, 1995 

PINION 

RETHINKING THE IDEOLOGY OF WELFARE REFORM 
By KATHLEEN LYTLE 

ne issue stirring 
within America's 
current political 

storm is the need 
for welfare reform. Disagreement 
arises only when addressing how 
we should approacb and imple-
ment changes in support services. 
Although change is necessary, the 
current political drive for welfare 
reform is crippled by faulty ideol-
ogy, lack of historical perspective 
Ind social misconceptions. 

Republican-sponsored reform is 
fundamentally flawed in its ideo-
logical approach to eradicating 
poverty. Current Senate bills and 
proposals seek to slash welfare 
funding by $70 billion in seven 
years, eliminating programs and 
limiting benefits witbout broaden-
ing education and job programs. 
The GOP argues that tbe present 
welfare system bas fostered the 
nation's moral and cultural decline 
and has created an "underclass" 

CONTRIBUTING STAFF WRITER 

It Is oomfortaCrle, 
r....uc ..... 
ImmedllltelJ cIIeap 
to .xpect .... YIdu ... 
to OW_ ... all 
""'.ra. But, bJ 
..... _, •• cr ... 
our own ....a.r .. 
When we let people 
- .... c ... 1y 
...... -*ownln 
pow.tywhlle 
.. noundedbJ 
rIcIIe., a.r. wll be 
--, ....... 

. 

con ..... nc ... 

trapped in generational poverty. 
Tbey arpe tbat for the .. ke of tbe 

poor, tbey must drastically reduce 
funding. Using cyclical reasoning, 
it has become popular to blame the 
poor for tbeir poverty and tbe pow-
erless for their powerlessness. 
While we should continue a search 
for ways to end generational pov-
erty, an ideological approach 
which blames the poor for I sys-
tem of dependency and poverty 
will not bear positive progress. 

When we frame the welfare de-
bate as a cultural - rather tban a 
structural- issue, it is easy to de-
clare that poverty cannot success-
fully be dismantled witb sufficient 
funding. It is euy to say that the 
economy is no longer responsible 
for absorbing able-bodied persons 
and that the educational system is 
no longer responsible for prepar-
ing a competent work force. But 
by allowing the government to 
build social, economic and politi-
cal barriers, WI prevent the poor 

See REFORM, Pace 7 

L !. ...... . .... . ............ . . ·.·······fI .......... .......... ..... . 1111.ll t l.I •••• • •• I •• 1 .1 •• 1 •• • 11 

~onday,~ober2, 1995 The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

COMMENTARY: Atkinson's ascension to the presidency bodes well for the financially strapped 
and politically turbulent UC, but not so well for students and their concerns 

MONEY TALKS, STUDENTS DON'T 
By Marianne Villi 
Senior Staff Writer 

As the UC San Diego commu-
nity bjds farewell to Richard 
Atkinson, whether with a tear or a 
celebration, the question which 
seems to be ~upying students' 
minds is, "Chancellor who?" 

Despite his flair for fundraising 
and his various contributions to the 
UCSD campus over the last 15 
years, Atkinson has remained a 
force largely unseen and unavailable 
to the 18,000 students whom he sup-
posedly represents. Now that he is 
president of the entire UC system, 
his ability to cajole millio,ns of dol-
lars out of the legislature will serve 
him well. However, if his presi-
dency is to serve UC students and 
their needs, then students must find 
more effective ways of speaking for 
themselves, because Atkinson cer-
tainly won't speak for them, 

Looking at what Atkinson has 
done as chancellor at UCSD, one 
may be inclined to think that he will 
be the best thing to happen to the 
UC system since U.S. News And 
World Reports kept placing the 
nine-college system at the top of its 
rankings, Yet, a closer look at UCSD 
- and a short chat with any student 
strolling down the Library Walk-
might change one's mind. 

Throughout Atkinson '5 chancel-
lorship, UCSD has had its share of 
ups an downs. As the university 
basks in the glow of a 10th-place 
ranking for its graduate schools -
second in the nation only to UC 
Berkeley among public institutions 
- many are rightfully saying that 
Atkinson is the one responsible. 

Indeed, Atkinson's role in the 
university's success should not be 
understated. His skill in fundraising 
is almost legendary. And ev~n on the 
eve of his departure the university 
is receiving an estimated $20 mil-
lion gift from Audrey Geisel, the 
widow of the great "Dr. Seuss." 

When Atkinson arrived in La 
Jolla in 1980, he came to run a 
fledgling UC campus with little 
prestige and even less infrastructure. 
Fifteen years later, despite weath-
ering the state's most severe budget 
cutbacks in bistory, Atkinson leaves 
behind a school wbich easily ranks 
among the best in the world and has 
the highest average SAT scores for 
incoming freshmen of any UC. 
UCSD was ranked as tbe top uni-
versity in the nation in tbe percent-
age of students who go on for ad-
vanced degrees, and as tbe top pub-
lic university in the nation in the 
percentage of undergraduates who 
go on to medical school. 

Atkinson will be 
perfect for the job 
of revltallzl.., the 
UC .,stem, but he 
won't be • voice for 
student concer .... 
He never w •• and he 
never will be. 

A quick look at just a few of the 
facilities which UCSD has added 
throughout Atkinson's tenure is 
equally impressive: the UCSD 
Medical Center, The Mandell Weiss 
Performing Arts building, the Insti-
tute for the Americas, the Charles 
Lee Powell Structural Laboratories, 
the Center for ~olecular Genetics 
and dozens of otber prominent 
buildings and research centers, 

UCSD is bigger, more prestigious, 
brings in more research money and 
has 62 percent more students than 
it did when Atkinson fint arrived. 

But do buildings and academic 
prestige make a school better for the 
students? And more importantly, Ire 
these the kind of improvements that 
students want for tbe UC system? 

The spectacular growth of the 
school under Atkinson's lead in-
cluded extensive community and 
faculty participation. But in most of 
the decisions, students were no-
where to be found. From Rl~C 
to tbe Library Walk, student con-
cerns and oppositions were listened 
to, then dismissed at best, and com-
pletely ignored at worst. The fact 
that UCSD was tbe last scbool to 
get a Cross-Cultural Center, despite 
strong student support, is quite tell-
ing. Fees - including $70 a quar-
ter for RIMAC - and class sizes 
have gone up, while student park-
ing spaces have been sacrificed for 
new buildings. 

Yes, UCSD has great buildings, a 
shiny new walkway and a lot of re-
search funding; but does that provide 
students with a better education? Per-
haps in some ways it does. But either 
way, the students were certainly never 
given a chance to voice their opinions 
on the matter, or to effectively choose 

what they were paying for with their 
quarterly fee. 

Atkinson is becoming president 
at a time when the school needs a 
skillful fund-raiser and politician to 
bail it out of its financial and politi-
cal troubles. Atkinson will be per-
feet for the job of revitalizing the 
UC system, but he won't be a voice 
for student concerns. He never wu 
and he never will be. 

Atkinson will get more build-
ings, more research and more fund-
ing for the universities. But if stu-
dents demand a repeal of affirma-
tive action's demise, smaller 
classes, lower fees and fewer $2.S 
million walkways, they're going to 
need to start speaking up for them-
selves. This doesn't just mean be-
ing part of a sporadic protest in front 
of a regent's office every now and 
then. If we are going to get what we 
want, we need to do what everyone 
has been telling us all along. 

If every qne of the 120,000 UC 
students were to vote in the next 
state elections, and even half of 
them were to call their legislators, 
students would become an influen-
tial lobbying group. But we don't, 
so we aren't. Atkinson will be good 
for the University of California, but 
whether he is going to be good for 
students is 'up to us. 

Flipping burgers? Sweeping Doors? Pumping gas? Slaining shoes? Ta1ring calls? Write for 
Pouring cement? Calling Jerks? Stuffing envelopes? Cleaning windows? Guardian Opinion 

Is that 
your 
name 
in the · 
credits? 

Make a difference! 
Intern at UCSO-TV 

Students needed for: 

Production 
Post Production 
Administration 
Marketing 
Story Research 
Photography 

call 534-3535 
No experience necessary 

get the Inside Track 
on admissions 

• Entrance Exams 
. ' • Interviews 

• Applications 
• Essays 

u C S D Peterson Hall 
on Thursday, 

at 8 pm 
Oct. 19 

Space is limited! 
can today to reserve yow seat 

1-800-KAP-TEST KAPLAN 
'At MIec:twd ~. Not .. ....".,.,. ~ at .. 1ocatIana. 

.., ..... - ,;.. .... . ..... . . _ .... ..... . - -_ . . 



6 OPINION 

u c s D 

ALL 
COMPUTER 
TITLES· 
October 2-7 

LJCSD 
BOOKST 

FEED YOUR BRAIN 

UCSD Campus Bookstore 
9500 Gilman Dr . • La Jolla 
(619) 534-3149 
Fax (619) 534-5286 
Telnet : ucsdbkst.ucsd.edu 
E-Mail : bookorder@ucsd.edu 
W3: http:/twww-bookstore .ucscJ .edu 
Toll free ordering: (800) 520-7323 
Downtown Center Bookstore 
One America Plaza 
Comer of Kettner Blvd. 
600 W. Broadway· San Diego 
(619) 525-0058 

B 

The UCSD' Guardian 

FREE 1 PAIR COLORED CONTACTS W..J. FRESH LooKS PLOTO-6.00 Brown Eyes 10 81ue. Green. H_I. 
Wilb lbe pwdwe of Iny oont.ct I ... pockoIC below $89 DAILY WEAR 

COMPLETE 

$129 ~~~:ABLE 
CoMIUTE IncWoo "'" 6,..do $129 EXTENDED 

WEAR COMPlER 
• PlESClIPTIONS FIUED 
• GlAsSES DUPlICATED 
• C'OMPUTf m EXAMS 
• No APPOINTMENT NEaSSAlY ~ •• 

o o K s T .0 R E 

Academic Press, Inc . . 

Monday, October 2, 1995 

SHAM:AFDC 
must be killed and 
buried 
Continued from paC. 4 
the public dole, although states can 
exempt up to 20 percent of their 
caseload from that limit. 

Perhaps, to some readers, this 
proposal would only signal another 
grave injustice thrusl upon the 
poorer members of our soc;iety; to 
others, the legislation would be able 
to overhaul the inefficient welfare 
system. However, to a few of us, the 
Senate's efforts are a laughable 
sham, presented to a foolish con-
stituency as though the legislation 
were finally fixing an overgrown 
and unnecessary system of public 
dependency. 

It is true that AFDC would fi-
nally get the axe, but we cannot 
stand up and applaud something that 
should have been done decades ago. 
The Senate has merely suggested 
abolishing a program which distrib-
utes taxpayers ' money to mothers 
who happen to be widowed or even 
unwed. There is something inher-
ently wrong with giving women 
money because they shacked up 
with the wrong guy, or because their 
husbands didn't have sense enough 
to purchase sufficient life insurance. 

Why is there such a fuss over a 
five-year limit on receiving welfare? 
It is amazing that Congress can pro-
pose this limit with any sincerity. 
Given five years to secure a job, one 
could easily spend the first four 
watching "Oprah" before he even 
flips through the want ads. The ra-
tionale behind the five-year limit is 
that it takes time to find a good job. 
Instead of quality work, which could 
sustain a family, only low paying, 
dead-end jobs are available to wel-
fare recipients at first. But what is 
so abhorrent about taking one of 
those low-paying jobs during the 
lean years? Somebody has to work 
them. 

The mere fact that the Senatf 
tossed in a provision allowing states 
to exempt 20 percent of their 
caseload - up from the 10 percent 
exemption in the House version -
proves an indication of how far we 
have fallen through the years. What 
can make a person so downtrodden 
that he is unable to hop on a bus and 
work his shift at Denny's, just as 
many others do? Granted, those 20 
percent might be disabled or elderly, 
but that does not give them the right 
to siphon funds from the govern-
ment for the rest of their lives. In 
short, five years offers more time 
than any person could possibly need 
to find work. 

I sympathize with an individual 
who lacks the ability to care for him-
self. But that does not make him my 
responsibility. I had nothing to do 
with this pef'SOn's situation. We all 
have problems. There are plenty of 
charities out there, and - unless 
there is an obscene level of hypoc-
risy floating about this land - no 
person should ever go without finan-
cial support. 

If the Senate truly wants to make 
a dent in the welfare system, they 
should implement the "family cap" 
proposed in the House's "reform 
package. The family cap simply 
states that people on welfare will not 
receive extra money from the gov-
ernment if they lIave additional chil-
dren while on the public dole. This 
seems like a simple and efficient 
way of curbing the cyclical trend of 
our welfare system. Of course, lib-
erals bemoan the family cap because 
they say it removes the freedom of 

See SHAM, Pace 8 

Monday,~ber2, 1~ 

REFORM: 
Welfare cuts would 
hurt children 
Continued from PIC. 4 
from finding alld keeping decent 
work. 

It is comfortable, romantic, and 
immediately cheap to expect indi-
viduals te overcome all barriers. 
But, by doing so, we create our 
own monsters. When we let people 
- specifically children - drown 
in poverty while surrounded by 
riches, there will be tansible hu-
man consequences. Frederick 
Douglass wrote a response to pov-
erty and injustice in 1886 that still 
rings true today - although sys-
tems of oppression mutate, human 

response to indignity always re-
mains the same. Douglass wrote, 
"Where poverty is enforced, 
where ignorance prevails, where 
only one class is made to feel that 
society is an organized conspiracy 
to oppress, rob and degrade them, 
neither persons nor property will 
be safe." 

The Reagan administration 
planted the roots for the current 
ideological push for welfare re-
forms - the same reforms that the 
GOP is currently proposing. 
Those reforms have failed and 
have wasted human life and po-
tential. Drastic reduction in social 
services caused one million chil-
dren to slip under the poverty line 
each year from 1980 to 1982. Ac-
cording to the Congressional Blue 

The UCSD Guardian 

Book, "after adjusting for infla-
tion, the average AFDC [Aid For 
Families With Dependent Chil-
dren] benefit per family in 1970 
was $676, and $373 in 1993, a 
45% reduction." During the 
19805, millions of children were 
lost to poverty while the 1986 Tax 
Reform Act allowed people who 
earned over $ 1 million a year to 
watch their salaries increase by 
2,184%. 

While advocates of spending 
reductions argue that throwing 
money at welfare recipients will 
not improve their economic status, 
Ameri.;a already witnessed 
progress in the 19605 with Presi-
dent Johnson's War on Poverty, 
which flooded social services with 
funds and innovative ideas. 

Marian Wright Edelman, president 
of the Children'. Defense Fund, 
cites in her book, Families in 
Peril, that, "During the War on 
Poverty one out of 10 children was 
pulled out of poverty between 
1960 and 1969, and in the 15 years 
after Medicaid began, black infant 
mortality dropped by 49 percent." 
The answer does not lie in cutting 
people off from support systems, 
but rather in revitalizing welfare 
programs to address contemporary 
barriers to financial security. We 
must not ignore our history of al-
leviating poverty with substantial 
funding. 

Current cultural attacks upon 
the poor are possible due to ram-
pant misconceptions about welfare 
programs and their beneficiaries. 

OPINION 7 

AFDC and Medicaid Jre the two 
central programs which form the 
bulk of the welfare system. AFDC 
is currently at the center of heated 
political debate because it pro· 
vides financial support for those 
whose income does not allow 
them to be self-sufficient. 

Politicians and the media have 
hyped up the number of women 
under the age of 20 receiving 
AFDC benefits in order to support 
a weak theory of a culture of de-
pendency. As recorded in the Blue 
Book in January of 1994, only 7.6 
percent of those on AFDC were 
under the age of 20, a decrease 
from 8.3 percent in 1975. 

For example, Edelman con-
fronts the myth that unprec-

See REFORM, Page 8 

DISCOUNT BEAUTY 
SUPPLY' SALON 

Lowest Prices In 
Town ..• Guaranteedl 

We'll Beat Any 
Competitor's Prlcest 

Did you get YOUR 
coupon book yet? 

All Malor Prof .... on.1 H.lr Care Lin •• 
Includ n .. : 
+ ~ut. HITCHIL.t. 
+8ORBI£ 
+TIGI 

+TRI 
+ AUGUeTlHtl 
+BlOCNNOt. 
+R£DKIIN 

+ JOICO 
+"8D 
+KH8 

+N£XXUS 
+ZERRAH 

+~D 
+HA8TBY 

+~Ut.BROWH 
+tHAGB + 8£M8TIAH (HaIr CGMlma4ce up) 

7770 Regents Rd. 
~ons Center) 

554·0608 
519 University Ave. 

(Just off 5th in HUlcrest) 
294-2050 

Hours: M-F 10-7, Sat. 1()'7, 
Sun. 11-6 

SERVING UCSD for 15YEARS! 
12 min. homUCSO IIJ on"""'" ROId L "0 

<f)U.'--..Df. • --
• I ""Pl ACURA mazda Hyundal J'h "'t7 G_ .. n ..... ISUZU AcUII III ..... 
~ ExctUtnt ffIwent:tI from our ,.,."., CUIIoIMrII 

·FlCtory Minor Tune Up Special 
authorized ow ..... lIP Inc:IuIIM • lot """. ",.,., IIfItera. It tIGMIee: 

1. SpIrII pJuga I . Check and repIeniIh .. fluid e. CIIeck CUch 
........ 

. • 3. CoIIde ... OII e. AdjUII dweIIa. 10. ChIck ~ tot cIamagI 
.. 

2. DIIIrtbuIor poIrIII II1CI oIleYe11 II. CIIeck IIghtI 

4. AdjUII timing 7. Check bI8Ic.. 11 . ChIck 00!JIIn0 IyaIem and '-' 
12. Roadtnl 

~~~~-------------------3S-point Major Service Special 
Extra for ru.t InJ«:fWI. OIIf'''''/OI' luM-Up Include.: 
1. Con1"_1on test 
2. VaJve adjustment 
Reptacl: 
3. VaJve cover gaalce1 
(If needed) 
4. Spark plugs. 
5. Distributor points, 
8. CondelllOls. 
7. Air filler. 
B. Oil fi.er. 
II. Gas 1I •• r. and 
10. Engine oil 

11 . AdjUllliming . 
12. AdjuIt dwel angle 
13. AdjUII Cllbure10f 
14. AdjUII air & fuel ratio 
mbrtur. 
15. AdjUII steering boX 
18. AdjUII cJ~cIl 
17. AdjUII bralcn 
18. AdjUII emergency 
bralc., 
18. Chec:k & adJUS1 
• xposed ben, 

20. Lube front .rod 
21 . Check & repJenilh .. 
fluid & oil Jewll 
22. Check .lectrical 
Mea 
23. Check for 10088 & 
loll bbIIa 
24. ChIck brake, 
25. CIIeck cIuII:h 
25. CIIeck IigIU 
'Z7. CIIeck unden:arT1IIge 
for dMIIIge 

..... .,. 
25. Check and rectwge bllterlel 
211. RoIaI. lira (1/ needed) 
30. Check lire prtIIIn 
31 . lube door tinges 
32. Check .. holders 
33 . Ch«k cooling ayaIem & hOI88 
34. ChIck .lChaUII syatem 
35. Road II. 
_, ... ~_ ... _,_ 
.......... _--_. 
-,...., ...... 

$159* Complete Clutch Job Brake Job Special $34* ........ 
We,.".,.: , . T,...niIIion ... - -2.-"_ 6. PIot ..... 

".",.,-. ...... ,. ..... : 
1 . ........ _ ...... .... --..-

3. CIuIdI cIIc .......... -, .. 1nIIII ... 1nIIe..... .. ~ - '" clrulliellIIII 4.nw--... 7 ..... ..... .. DnIIn CIIcIInIIe.... ... ..... 
.. 1nIpeat ..... ~. 7 . ...... ___ (11 

-...-,.. .. -_ ....... - .,.... .... ... 

----

4................ .. ... .. 
~------~--~~~--~~ Timing aelt S ecial $79* 
...... 

BtwId new ...... AIle IIMMIt our 11*1111 on ...... AI our wan .. 12.,.. 
or 2O,00CHnII ......... wlft'll1ly. AI prIeM Include ,.. .... 1Ibor. 

-~ !'&69S:T990 
. •• .. ..... EliIRI tGtt_ Clltir " lal •• tI' 

• " •. ',., ,',' '.' I" ' ,". Open Saturday. 

open an account or make a deposit by 
oct. 15 and get the book full of bargains! 

Just one more 
way to save 

with 
L.I C::!:ii I:) 

PLUS 
C:FI~I:) 

For more information, call 534-PLUS (7587). Minimum deposit $25. 
Hours: Price Center Office: Mon-Fri 8am-4pm. Revelle Office: 
Mon-fri 7:30 am-7 m, Weekends 1 Oam·' m & 4:30 m-7 m. 

Available 
attbe 

UCSD Bookstore 

up. 

I II -----. I I 
I I ( H )f",,-', I , '" I 

flU YOU. IIAIM 

Mon.-Fri. 8am-6pm 
Sat. lOam-5pm 
534 - 3786 



8 OPINION The UCSD Guardian Monday, October 2, 1995 

SHAM: Action ily planning in poorer communities. sponsibility for raising another run its course and weed-out the effectual state bureaucrats. Some-Not one of these groups can step member of society (and, in the pro- lower class. As. we all know, there how, each state is supposed to get 
seeks to keep poor back from its own silly agenda and cess, passing on values that - is a growing gap between the poor jobs for 50 percent of its welfare 
families small honestly look at wbat a great impact through a Darwinian viewpoint - and the rich, although this gap did recipients by the year 2000. the family cap could bave. should not survive). not form because people are be- It is highly unlikely that states, 
ContInued from .... 8 The family cap, tbrough mon- Only 10 percent of the U.S. coming obscenely wealthy. In- even with their newly procured dis-
choice, effectively limiting the ~ize Clary means, would essentially dis- population is defined as living at stead, it is because we support cretion, will channel government 
of poor families. courage people from procreating. I or below the poverty level. For a stragglers with well-intentioned, funds into vocational programs and 

Christians are equally con- Clnnot believe that a couple, already capitalist society, tbat is an amlZ- but poorly conceived, welfare pro- junior-college classes for subsidized 
cemed that the family Clp will drive unable to support its small family, ingly low number. However, it is grams. individuals. These are programs that 
poor women to abortion clinics. would actually have the gall to bring disturbing that the lO-percent fig- Of course, neither the Senate nor would assist cunent welfare rccipi-
And some conservatives are un- another human being into the world. ure is not always changing as it the general public is willing to "end ents whom the government is indi-
comfortable witb tbe concept be- I am certainly not comfortable with shOuld be. In essence, the welfare welfare as we know it." Instead, rectly telling to relax and have kids. 
cause it requires tbat we spend more people, unable to care for them- system maintains the status quo, they want to chip-away at a few pro- After all, the gravy train will always 
money on sex ed'!CItion and tam- selves, suddenly taking on the re- rather than allowing capitalism to grams and hand control over to in- bring in more. 

REFORM: portionately over-represented in children and lower payments. unmotivated and abusive of sup- though our welfare system is weak AFDC receipts, the belief that For women, AFDC has pro~ port systems. Welfare has become and needs reform, poverty that has 
AFDC helps women poor women on AFDC have ad- vided an avenue of escape from a deeply political subject and, like persisted through several genera-
escape abuse ditional children to incre~ their abusive maniages. Many women anytbing else in a capitalist nation, tions is caused by inStitutional op-benefits is false. Forty-two per- who are financially bound to their poverty has become an industry. It pressions, whicb we have yet to 
ContInued from ..... 5 cent of those on AFDC in 1992 husbands depend upon welfare to is an industry in the sense that confront. 
edented numbers of black teenage had only one child and 30.2 per- sustain them while they separate many bureaucratic and administra- Thus far, we bave utilized an 
girls are getting pregnant just to cent had_only two cbildren. from or divorce their abusive part- tive jobs depend upon the impov- ideological stance towards cul-

rece~ve AFDC benefits, stating, The argument tbat women plan ners. Forty-five percent of those erisbment of millions, and an in- tural deficiencies which shifts our 
"The birthrate for black teens has to have addifional children to in- who begin to receive AFDC ben- dustry in the sense that a minimum attention from larger systemic 
decreased since 1970 - at the .crease benefits is false and iIIogi- efits do so during or after a sepa- level of unemployment is neces- changes that need to occur for 
same time that the myth has be- cal. In 1994, the maximum AFDC ration or divorce. Many women sary to maintain economic stabil- economic justice to prevail. If our 
come prevalent." payment for a family of three in are not seeking benefits to avoid ity and drive down wages. purpose for welfare reform is to 

When we hear the word 'wel- California was $607 and $723 for work, but rather to escape abuse There are systems of oppression help individuals and families lift 
fare,' society has conditioned us a family of four. Another child, and forge self-sufficiency. rooted in capitalism, such as perma- themselves out of poverty, then 
to envision poor women with too matched by an increase of $1l~, In order to further their own nent classes, which do not create a we must address all of the condi-
many kids and too few morals. leaves a family further impover- agendas, politicians have falsely culture of dependency, but rather a tions which ensure their cyclical 
And, although women are dispro- ished than they were with fewer portrayed AFDC beneficiaries as vicious bulwark to opportunity. AI- oppression. 

The next 
A life? What's that? If you'd. like to get In on 
what's happening at UCSD. look In the 
weeldy c.Ieadar. And If you finally want to 
sell those musty Sgt. Rock comics, place a 
C ......... Ad and find a comlc>collectlng 
soul mate. 

(,1,[ \11;\( 1111, 

Suppl_ Depllftmellt 
(61') 534-3761 

• II ~I I 
I '. I' I , 

'. 

\l) Strathmore 

Ii!ili_. 

MODday-Frklay 8 lUll. - 6 p.m. . 
Saturday 10 a.m. - 5 p.m. I 

is December 2 
If you're thinking about taking an 

LSAT prep course, then you should ask 
yourself (and them) these six questions: 
o WillI get enough personal attention? At The Edge, you get free, imlimited, one-on-one extra tutoring, 

with your instructor, at virtually anytime. 

WillI be stuck in a huge class? 
At The Edge, you never will. Our maximum class size is 12. 

What are the Dractice materials like? 
At The Edge, every aV81table LSAT -17 for the fall course-is 
yours to keep. You never have to go to any labs or libraries to 
gain access to your materials. And all your pr:actice questions are 
100% real LSAT. We never use "simulated" practice materials. 

Do I have to listen to tapes? At the Edge, 
the answer is No. All instruction is live, and any questions you 
have about any LSA T material can be addressed by your 
instructor during one-on-one tutoring. 

What ifmy score doesn't improve? 
It's simple: At The Edge, if your score does not improve by at 
least 5 points, we will refund your course cost All of it. * 
How much is this Roing to cost me? 
Our 7-week LSA T courses cost 1'595. And, for a limited time, 
you get $100 off your course cost for every friend you sign up. * 

It's what we give you. 

292-0100 
*Some restrictions . Call for details. 

Monday, October 2, 1995 The UCSD Guardian 

Dexter~ not his usual self. 
You suspect the salsa. 

So you call Dr. Nusblatt, your family vet back home. 

The call is cheap. 
(Too bad about the consultation fee.) 

Life can be complicated A1&T 1i"ue Reach SavingsSM is simple. Save 25% on every kind of call on 
your A1&Tphone bill-direct dial, calling card, directory assistance, local toll, cellular, fax and modem-

when you spend just $25 a mondt No other plan gives you all these different ways to ~. 
Just call1800TRUE-A'IT to si8n up. Save on every call. That 's Your 1Tue CI:Joice?'I 

• 

ATlaT 
Your True Choice 

'Rden! 10 IoIlt dOOnce colis bilIcd 10 A1l!I:T """'" or A11tT Callil'@ Card acroun ... DIscounIS off A11tT bo5ic "'Ies. Certain exclll.'lions appI)I 
Subjm 10 ~:MIlabiIi1)! o&r MilabIe 10 raidmtiaI ADT <:WIOOlCIS: Minimum ~ requilrnlml is per ~ line. "~ to """" kq diswlce camm. 

9 

C 1995 AlIlT 



10 

I6lDEMIC SERVICES 
AD Wedneedey, Oct. 4 
~I Interested in studying, . or interning in Japan? Come 1¥lf\e emational Center Lounge (3-13 pm to hear about Japan's CAPI possibilities. Financial aid & . arships available, International 

. Lounge. 
Thurwdtly, Oct. 5 

Ing for a change In scenery? liilhen come 10 Ihe Programa ga'I8I1II information seasIon(7-and find out about opportunities . Anancial aid & sCholarships 
, International Cenler Lounge 

IfTURES 
~ThU=Oct'5 Ihnic Studies . presents luis UC President'. Issertation Fe!-, CSB MChIc8no RelIGious bod-

: and .... nlng Tn the Bor· 

II]M Social Science Bldg. Room 12.00 Beg Lunch SerIM: Organized 
er authoritarian regimesl Pa 

Hems of Resistance and SurvIval, Paul iEJpoIitlcal science. Deutz Con-rm, Copley International Con-Center, Institute of the Amarl-plex, 12:00-1 :30 pm. 
BllLT! AND FITNESS 
AL Ongoing Jt:l:.. HMIth 0fIerI a large variety 

to UCSD students. Call arc for mora information. 
_Ina and peer counseling of-

()ngc)Ing 
10 lp.m. - Every Wednesday. 

REATERS ANNONVMOUS at Teaching Facility Room 149 -of Medicine. Call Vera aI 534-esdays (time to be arranged). Systema n.-y (LST) and lis 
ications in the social u wei as the 

l oical sciences. Leader: Dr. Grier Miller. Ways to leach LST i the interactive multimedia will be ed. Credit 10 be arr.nged. Con-. EJalne Parent, CooriIinator, at 22. 
o Gay BIaexu8I Auoc:IMIon-

I & gelinvolvedl Our meet-tNery monday at 7 at the 's Resource Center I::" the old center. For more information, I534-GAVS(4297) . Thought dl8lrlJutea one mi-
lton lars worth of food to the horn&-

f ively and compasaionata/y. et Monda.ys al 7:00 pm at enge. Please join us or cal 491-~,Oct.3 0" n K., NIdtonaI Honor So-fmembersl Come to our f'nt meet-f the year at Round Table . .@6pm. Free pizza and drinkII for . For more lnfo,caI Brian @ 5297 ~,Oct.4 
o 0 n UCSD's RO ARACT CLUB. 

lia community leader, help re-community problems and meet through Rotaractl Make year that you become Involved curricular actIvIIies and the oreal ." First meeting: Center Hall 203, 
~pm. Thureday, 0ct.5 logy Club, fIist maeling of the Coma and lhare your Idau with aryone welcome. Location: renIer, San Francisco/Santa 

, 4pm. 

~GIOUS SERVICES E Student Health ServIces. Call 4 today for an ~intment. your calendar off right. Let Fit ItIb give you a free fItn ......... -
1";1. ~1~e4 .an appointment today. OngoIng the frwhllWl fIftMn . c.I or Ie Communlty- Mus: Sun. at Student Health ServIces today ~, 5,7,9 pm; Tu. and Th.1II5 pm; out mora IIbout nutrition. 534- . III 9:30 pm. $2 student dim_, 

. 8 pm. All at Unlv. Lutheran 

The UCSD Guardian 

~,car. of LJ ShcnI..:! N. Tanwy 
m... Enngellcal Church Is a 
_

tIOna! family oriented 
.... AIIM~. 

3 wonhIp..w. (Eft-
, andarln & Canton ... ) and -=1:~-::~groupII. ~ CCII'M 

.. I. For more Info: 888-2959 
) or http://adCC13.ucsd.edu/ 

IludlntAllac!Mlon Eu-
..,.., Wednnday from 5-

itthe Ira. nllliDllII ceneer Free lee 'ilion taIIowIngthe a.W». ~7 for men 1nkIrrMIIon. __ ~tar CHRIST Is an 
.............. rnIr dIrIItIan .Zalza-
~~-~ to grow In their reIIItIon-w/Him. lit ·Prlmetlme" weekly 

this T.....tay In Centar Hall 
to out who we ara. 0uaItI0ns? 
Matt 581-1653 

12-1 :30 pm AIIM-AmIrIc8n 
Ity Forum: Mountain View 

Led by Jeanne Man_, 534-
Junhee Park-Adams 
ftl'~' 4:1~ pm. c.mpua Bleck 
.. Mountain VIew Lounge. Lead-

Raphael and linda Young. 

IeIoMlilQradu.te School Ad-
Daly appointment ~for 

to profeaaionaI/graduIIIa 
".ldmilBlon. Call 534-4939, Ca-

n AdvIsIng- For help with ea-
, job hunting, ratlme prepa-

ration ilnd related IssUes. No appoint-
ment needed, just WIlk In. 1 :30-4:00 
pm, Career Center. 
olf ycxJ're graduating this quarter and 

ing we'N match you with a ~ 
I rn your field at Interest who 

. you started networking in the 
. market. SIgn up with the ref-

room deale. Career Center 
1+ .computer-bued progl1lma 
eer information designed to help 

cIariIfy your IIdlls, VIIuea, and In-
For mora Informllllon, corne to 
ServIcaa Canter 8:00-4:00 ddy 

.. " •• Oct. 2·W8dneeday Oct • 
.. UCSD: Find out how 

globalize your akIIla and ~ 
our future with Peace Corpsl 

Peace Corps rapresentatIyes wi be on 
campustot.k aboutopportun~ies 
available for skHIa such as educllllon, 

, buliness, the enWonment and 
over 90 countries throughout 

nter-Amarica, Asia and the Pa-Ir. Europe and the Middle 
Info booth: Mon-Wed., Price 

, 9 am to 2 pm. Special Semi-
How do I Qualify for Peace 

Tu., Career SerVIces, 2-4 pm. 
. OpportunltJes In Peace 
ed., Oct. 4, Car_ SeMces, 

ttne-pM c:our. tMI CCI'o/n defining :==' indexing, mutual fund, VI. .ccaunta, ~ mea-
~a.:.and mora. Tueectavs, Oct.3-
1 ~ .30 pm. UCSD OniIIw!IIY 

413-2. F .. : $125. FOr 
"*1111 •• cal UCSD ExtensIon. 534-

~R1I~ 1liiie WOIWIOp-I..eIm ~ to be sue C 1.11uI1n procau. 1 pm. c.r.. 
W-....y.Oct.. 

tar HeeIII Plo ... II at" 
to expect+ how to pr&-

am, Canter SeMcaa. 
'I'huI'IIdIIy. Oct. I 
ofm"~""'InI"""'" _tarthelO'. 

the moat elleCtl\/e wave to look 
. 12~,c.r..ServIcaa. 

1"rIMy, Oct. • 
i114uI .... Reaume- Learn how to 

podIva fII1It Impr.aIon with 
PItH...,. ... 11:30 am, Career Ser-

laturay, Oct. 7 
fBIac:kboi' rei CartOoning Worbhop 

a ona-day workShop designed for K-
1 t achers to enhance creative 

ing, dally lesson planning, and 
control by combining and 

cartoon symbols to create carl-
and cartoons of all types. 

-5 :30 pm. UCSD Extension 

I~~' room 122. Fee: 114. For ., call 534-3400. I: Maclntoah Bllica is a 
course that provides students 
understanding of what the 

.. _,.__-. is. how it works, and how it 
in education, business' and 

1""""oH'lngs. 8:30- 5:30. UCSD Ex-
Complex, room 132. Fee: 
ore info., 534-3400. 

Admlaalon &uy.: WhIIt 
WhIIt 0-'1, and Why Is a 
sasaion that covers how to 
iIsion to the top academic pr~ 

g how to find the school that 
18 you, what tests to take and when 

and where the tests are offered, what 
admission officers are looking for and 
what Y dislike In an essay, and what 

to apply next year or later. 9 
. . UCSO" Extension Complex, 
42. Fee: $95. More Info., 534-

, Ing Int.ventlon Str1118gIu: 
I 8OI'Y TKhnlqUM forProfec:t 

nd Phonology Is a one-day 
in which participants learn straI-

the taacher working with stu-
have dllficulty with letter and 

reversals, rearranging letters, 
aubstllutlng latter, copying, tracking re-
peating aounds, iHscrimmlnaling 
sounds. foIowIng directions, IWld more. 

: -5:30 pm. UCD Extenalon 
,room 123. Fee: $115. More 
3400. 
~Iogyol Alcohol..:! Other 

....1. a two-day WOI'k8hop that to-
n the pharmacology of 

",*:tIve substances-both lICIt and 
special emphasis on those 
are of CUrrealt interest and 

. 7 and Oct. 14. 8:00 am -
. UCSD Extension Complx, 

1 . Fee:$165. More Info., call 
13oI1-B44~ 

lea and Work PhyaIo"?:GY 
a r;WI-lIA'Y course in which partici-

.. upecta of workplace 
argonomIca. Oct. 7 and Oct. 
am-5 :~ pm. UCSD Extan-
pIex, room 141. F .. : $185. 
., 534-3400 

onatltutlon-Preparatlon 

Monday, October 2, 1995 

EamllIIIlIDn Ie a two-Iec-

· U.~~~ 
I1I1IqUAd for a califomla 

CrecMntIaI. Oct. 7 and Oct 
am-1 :00 pm. UCSO Warren 

, room 2208. Fee: $185. 
.,534-3400. 

!:: 
Ing sept. 29 through HalIoWaerl. 

at Street, In the basanIant of 
old VIctorIan building on the 
SIxth and Matket. Thursday 

n~, Friday and Sat· 
6 :00pm to 1 :OOam, and 

..-.w ...... u.day and Wednesday 7:00 
. For info, call 231-3611 . 

7.00. 

of Race and 
" ':=~~~:: AIIlnterdls-~"." C "MaIinchisrnolMa-

and Manhood Among 
United Stat .. " 9:00 

SoIII Hal room 104. For 
call 534-3278. Free to the 

Annual Solana 8eIICtt Surf 
-2 Rough WIIIIer Sw1me11 Run-

.. m .. tunll Beach Run. 9:00 8111-3 
water swim 

MN.IOOI'1· 1 mle rough water swim . 
Santa Fe Drive. Go west 

ocean. Entryfaes: 1 event- $12. 
2 events- $20. 3events- $30. 4 events-

Sunday. Oct. I 
Annual SOlanl Beach Surf 
1- 12:00 noon- 2 mile run/l/2 
. mile run. 2:00 pm- 3 m~e 

run. 
'a soccer VI. Washington Unlver-

. 12:00 noon, Triton IIOCC8r fillet 

Monday, October 2, 1995 

4630 MlSSIOH lAY DltlVl • SNf DI(OO. CAUPORI'fIA "fCW 

275-1132 
1 001 ALL REPAIRS 10 OFF With thIS coupon -.ta. -...y end _..., WIIId UCSO 10. '£lOlIpI ""*" end •• _ , -'*". ".000 IImiI. NoI'- ...... _ coupon. Elcp. tII3OtII8. 

Join the NEW 

The UCSD Guardian 

Semester, Sunwner 
and Year ProgrllllS 

Ecuodor • Spain 
England • france 
Canada • Mexico 

Costo Rico • Ito~ 

Whether you are a new freshman, a transfer student, or a 
continuing Howard Hughes student, welcome to another Fall 
quarter at UCSD. Kicking off this year's events will be our annual 
faculty/student reception . We hope to see you there. 
Date: Thursday, October 5 
TIme: 6 - 8 pm 
Place: Center for Molecular Genetics (CMG) Conference Room 

RSVP to the Hughes office. 534-nS1 

...... Iii.Iii ....... Our research seminars will vary in topic and 
presenter. We will place an ad in the Guardian prior to the seminar 
providing this information 

Sept. 26 - Nov. 7: BlLD 95 
Tuesdays 3 - 4:30 pm HSS 1106A 

Oct. 4 - Nov. 8: R .... rch Seminar Series 
WedneSdays 5 - 6 pm 

Oct. 4: Seminar. Randy Hampton, speaker 
5 - 6 pm Pacific Hall Room 4500 

November 15: Brown bag lunch with faculty 

11 

~--------, I HAIR I DESIGN 
I .... 7 DAY. I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I UTe (AauU mn TIIeIIets) I 
I DII"'''' , • (Next to Wherehouse) I CIIIi p' .... Next to \Ions I lIIIil I r:a (It Hwy 52 & Santo) I 
I ..... PIlla (Betow hiD Callender's ) I ......, .... (It Mel" Entrance) 
I WALK-INS WElCOMEl I 
• MUlt pre ... 1 coupon . Exp. 10/ 16/ 95 I 

~-------- .. 

Hawaii 
London 
Paris 
Costa Rica 
Tokyo 
Sao Paulo 
Bangkok 

$169" 
$195-
$209" 
$215-
$284-$345-
$382-
· ~,te",~ IPK" W'Y from s." ()eso . r-c;Uor lOJ ~s bu~c:J on. t(ll..-I"Ct l'lO PUfl.I'IIV . 'I»S t'IOI inc lude-a . nd 
' ffi rtCtOtS .PP/)I. u ll fO( ocl'ltf WOtIdwode ~ons. 
Drop bt for a fl£E 5ndent TriM!15 ~. 

Council Travel 
Your On-Campus Travel Experts 

In the UCSD Price Center 
(Across I rom ,he BooksIOfe) 

452-0630 
Hours M-F-9-S. W'ID-S and 5' 1 

EURAllPASSES 

RUSSIA 

WHEf<c 
YOU PE 
PI>M<CL) 

By becoming a member of the UCSD Alumni Association during 
your student years, you'll establish a lifetime relationship with 
UCSD. Here are just a few of the OUTSTANDING BENEFITS: 

* Buy 1, Get 1 Free Ticket for a University Events program (limited seating for some events) 
* Free Admittance to Association-sponsored °Career Networking Now" Events - $10 value 
* A $5 Discount on the Career Center's "Job Search in Action' Workshop 
* A 10% Discount on KAPLAN Test Prep Courses - $50 value 
*First 75 new student.members receive a FREE University Centers mug 
*Subscription to Perspectives, the campus magazine. and the membership newsletter 
* A Guest Pass to RIMAC - $5 value 
*Free admittance to the Association-sponsored SSG at the Sun God Festival 

~'l lJS I ' tl\' January 5, 1996, I ,!., i., : , ' 1',\ .j, .. 
'1' Illtl'~' "(,,, Y H:\;-rcl F I", " • " ':J t . .' , , 

* R.d • A· P.rking P... for winter quarter - $125 value 
* Reel • A· P.rklng P... for spring quarter - $125 value 
*Trip for Two to San Francisco (airfare only) - $200 value 
* A Really Cool Raleigh Mountain Bike. courtesy of UCSD Parking Services - $300 value 

Pacific Ocean 

UCSD 
Campus 

NAME ________________________ SS. _______ __ 

PLEASE COMPLETE AND 
RETURN WITH $19.96_ 
Make checks payable to the 
UCSD Alumni Association. 

QUESTIONS? 

LOCAL PHONE E·MAIL ADDRESS ______________ _ 
LOCALADDRESS ________________________________________ __ 
PERMANENT ADDRESS ___________________________________ _ 
YR" IN SCHOOL 0 Fr. O Soph. O Jr. 0 Sr. O Gr.d. Stu. Coli .... _____ _ 

If you're 8 m.mber of 8 .tud.nt group, pl .... Ii.t: 

Contact the Alumni Association 
619-534-3900 
alumassoC@ucsd.edu 

o Religious 0 Athletic ------------
o Political 0 Greek ------------
o Social 0 Other 

RETURN TO: PAYMENT: __ Check enclosed __ Visa __ MasterCard Exp. Date ___ _ 
202 University Center 
La Jolla, CA 92093-0083 

Card No. __________________________________________ _ 
Signature 



12 FBAnJRBS The UCSD Ouardian 

Over the course of Richard Atkj son's reign as UCSO's chancellor, the school's 
income has Increased considerably. Below, the income· for Atkinson's first and last 
years at UCSO are shown, with divisions indicating the various sources of the money. 

Student Fee. 4"~ 
'ilim ........ ,;: 

Dominic Lobbia/Gusrdi8n 

Bud or the AIki..., Bra 

of the 
e 

Continued from page 1 panded public-service program, with students working in the high schools and maybe even the 
junior high schools, would be a way to improve 
the quality of K-12 education, so that more 
people from minority groups are better pre-
pared to enter the university. 

Berkeley. So it's a stunning success that this 
institution has had, and I don't mean to take credit 
for it. I mean, the groundwork was laid when I got 
bere.The quality of faculty in place was outstand-
ing, and we built on that quality. 
It was a very attractive place to 
recruit people to and for stu-
dents to come to. 

WIuIt do you think your 
.....-t.tren ....... 
ct..nceIIor MY. been? 

I don't really know how to 
answer that. The last 15 years 
bave been spectacular for this 
institution. I'm not going to 
say that I am responsible for all 
of that, but I have been chan-
cellor during a time that UCSD 
has enjoyed phenomenal suc-
cess. In terms of recruiting stu-
dents, we have become, in a 
sense, perhaps the most attrac-
tive university in the system. 
When I got here, we were near 
the bollom of the list in terms 
of the number of students who 
applied here. Now we're third 
on the list ... but we take much 
smaller entering classes. We've 
become very allractive to stu-
dents. The quality of education 
we offer is outstanding. I don't 

. think it can be beaten anywhere 
in the world. 

I think thl. I. a 
... eat place, and 
that'. what I would 
want to COIIV.,. I 
hope students 
r .. llz.how 
r .... lkabl. thl. 
place Is, In the 
quality of education 
that the,'re 
getting. " Is 
Important for 
student. to get that 
word out to their 
parents and to their 
~ends,becau .. lf 
we don't have the 
students behind the 
university, we 
aren't going to have 
much of a 
university. 

You mentioned thIIt the 
university .... lost a 
tremendou. amount of 
state fundlhl. Do you 
thMk there w. be yery 
much outside fundlnl, 
.. d If not, ....... do you 
think the cuts wII need 
to be made? 

UCSD gets 19 percent of its 
funds from the state. There's 
no other school in the country 
calling itself a public univer-
si ty that gets so little of its funds 
from the state. The UC system 
as a whole only gets 25 percent 
of its support from the state. 
Twenty five years ago, we got 
55 to 60 percent of our funding 
from the state. Its a real prob-
lem, but the faculty of this in-
stitution is so good. This cam-
pus raised about $60 million 
last year in gifts, and ifwedidn't 
raise that kind of money, we 
wouldn't be able to maintain 
the quality of our programs. But 
there 's a limit to how much 
private money can be raised, so 
we're coming to a point when 
the citizens of California need 

What are some of the main chal· 
lenl" faclnl the unlyerslty? 

to decide whether they want to continue to 
support a viable University of California. There 
will always be a University of California, but 
the question will be whetber it will be a quality 

MoDday, ~2, 1995 

There will always 
be a University of 
California, but the 
question will be 
whether it will be a 
quality institution, 
or just arwther 
university. 

In recent years, .tudent fees Mve 
IncrenecI by one third. Do you think 
this i. Ilmltinl acces.? 

We claim, with the affordability model [the 
model we use to show that education is affordable 
to all students), to provide support for students. 
On the other hand, I think that in talking to 
students you get the feeling that more and more of 
them are working more and more hours than ever 
before, and that they're running up bigger and 
bigger debts than ever before. It's not just a 
problem for UC students, it's a problem across the 
country. UC students' debts aren't as high as 
comparable university students' debts, but I don't 
have any doubt that it is interfering with access. 

You Mye been criticized for not being 
acceulble to .tudents. ~ you think 
this .. a yalld crftIdam? 

Absolutely not. Six of the previous AS. presi-
dents who worked with me spontaneously wrote 
letters or appeared at the presidential hearing, saying 
that I was very approachable and very involved, and 
that I always have been very approachable and very 
involved. What 's interesting is ... there aren 't that 
many people who really want to talk to the chancel-
lor. There are 18,000 students and 14,000 faculty 
and staff that I have to interact with, so I can 't be on 
an intimate basis with large numbers of students. 
The reason for my interaction with students is not for 
them to feel that I know them personall y, but for me 
to know what 's on their minds. For example, we 
have about 60 freshman that we invite in for lunch 
several times during each of their successive years. 
It's not that I'm out to get to know each of those 60 
freshmen as opposed to the rest of the students. It's 
that I want... to get a sense of what's on their minds. 
The assumption is that if60 students have something 
on their minds, it is probably on the minds of all 
students. People seem to think that I should respond 
to that criticism, but I think it is tembly false. If you 
talk to college provosts, they will tell you I'm always 

available to come meet with 

Stephen Cox. profes-
sor of Uterature: 

"I don' t think most people re-
alize that UCSD is the only uni-
versity founded after World War 
II that really succeeded as a re-
search university and a teaching 
university. Atkinson's plans for 
developing and strengthening the 
university are, to a large degree, 
responsible for the success of the 
university." 

Amlt Pandey, Revelle 
fifth-year student: 

"It's basically bad because now. 
Atkinson has got more power than 
he did when he was here. I don't 
think he did that good a job here, 
so I don't really see a benefit. " 

Naomi Falk. A.S. 
president: 

"There were a lot of things that 
he did very well. He did a good 
job for faculty, and he was a good 
·PR person for the university. The 
thing he didn 't do very well was 
make himself accessible to st~~ 
dents." 

Kat,la Undenberg. 
chair of the depart-
ment of chemistry: 

"Atkinson is not always the 
easiest person to work with. He 
can be impatient, demanding, an-
gry and even unreasonable. On 
the other hand, his instincts are 
wonderful. He is always on the 
side of academic excellence, and 
he can be the easiest person to 
work with." 

One of the main challenges is what is being 
called "Tidal Wave II." There's going to be a 
massive wave of young people coming out of high 
scbools and entering college. That wave won't 
reaUy hit for a few more years, but will the UC be 
able and prepared to deal with it? "Tidal Wave II" 
is an issue for the country as a whole, but it is a big 
issue for the state of California because it is even 
more dramatic here. Also, as Httle as 10 years ago, 
higher education represented 15 percent of the 
state budget. Today, we are down to 12 percent, 
yet we have more students than we've ever had 
before. The state is not going to provide the level 
of support that it once did, and the question is, can 
that be turned around? 

institution, or just another univer-
sity. 

What are some of your main 
loa" .. university presl-
dent? 

My hope is, obviously, that the 
budget of the university is signifi-
cantly improved, and tbat we will be 
able to hold and continue to recruit 
quality faculty, because I believe that 
everything depends on the quality of 
the faculty. If you don't bave quality 

11Ier.'. no other 
school In the 
country calling 
Hself a public 
university that 
.et. so little of 
Hs funds from 
the state. 

college councils and so forth. 
On the other band, I must say 
that one of the people who has 
really intrigued me is Chancel-
lor Tien at Berkeley. He's so 
fabulous in his interaction with 
students. When students are 
moving into dormitories, he's 
out tbere belping [them) move 
in. He's on the footblll field 
cbeeriag the football team 00. 
He's very visible. I look at 

Kathryil Rlngrose. 
professor of history: 

"Atkinson has been a tremen-
dous chancellor in te,ms of his 
ability to build effective relation-
ships between the university and 
the community. At this moment, I 
·think he'll make a terrific presi-
dent because he has considerable 
political skills." 

How will the university encouraae 
clverslty with the ronlnl back of 
lffInnatIYe action? 

There is no simple answer to that. There are 
a number of task forces at work that will be 
reporting in the fall and the spring about ensur-
ing diversity, and I think people are pretty 
optimistic that there are measures that can be 
taken. I think there is a lot of enthusiasm for the 
public-service program - where students lit-
erally work in the schools as tutors and readers. 
We have a lot of that already. I think an ex-

faculty, tbe rest goes very quickly. One of our 
problems is that we have to compete with other 
schools for people ... and our salary structures 
are about 12-percent behind our cOlJlparison 
group. [Large classes) are a problem. We al-
ways allowed that in the first two years. But in 
tbe third and fourth years, we'd rea II y get into 
small classes and seminars. A number of jun-
ior- and senior-level classes that 10 years ago 
would have bad 15 students in them, now have 
120. It 's a terrible problem. If you've looked at 
what 's happened, the ratio of faculty to stu-
dents has gone from 17 to one, to 20 to one. 

Chancellor Tien and I say, "Now there's a chancel-
lor who's really established himself with students." 

I. there anythlnl thIIt you want to ~eII 
students .. you're ... Ylnl UCSDl 

I think this is a great place, and that 's what I 
would want to convey. 1 hope students realize 
how remarkable this place is in the quality of 
education tbat they ' re getting. It is important for 
students to get that word out to their parents and 
to their friends, becau e if we don 't have tbe 
students behind the university, we aren' t going to 
have much of a university. 

Lu J. Sham. director 
of the Insdtute for 
Pure &- AppUeci 
Physical ScIence: 

"Under his stewardship for 15 
years, and with the tremendous 
expansion in social sciences, en-
gineering and medicine, UCSD 
has grown from a small campus 
- known outside mainly for its 
sciences - to a well -rounded and 
highly regarded university." 

PEA 1\JRI!S 13 

Below is a partial list of some of the buildings, centers 
and institutes that opened or were dedicated during 
Chancellor Richard 'Atkinson's reign at UCSD. 

~1.,1181 
University Hospital Is purchaIed by 
UCSD from County of 8M Dte&o 
(renamed UCSD Medical Center) 
November 10, 1982 
Mandell Weiss Center for Performing 
Arts opened 

June, 1983 
Institute on Global Conflict and 
Cooperation established 

...... 2.983 
Center for Magnetic Recordlrw 
Research established 

AuCuR 1., s.984 
Center for Molecular Genetics 
established 

November 19, :1.984 
Institute of the Amertcas bulldlrw 
dedicated 

November 1., :1.98& 
san Diego Supercomputer Center 
building opened 

September :1.8, 1188 
Alex G. Spanos Recreational FacIlIty 
opened 

October 7, :1.988 
EngIneering BuIIdlrC Unit , cfedbbd 

April 2:1., :1.989 
Price Center opened 

Aprll13,1991 
Shiley Eye Center opened 

September :I., 1991 
Clinical Sciences Building opened 

NOYeIIIber, 199:1. 
Institute for Biomedical Engineering 
established 

December 1, 199:1. 
Cellular and Molecular Medicine 
Building opened 

September 16, :1.992 
Stephen Birch Aquarlurn-Museum 
dedICated 

lanuary 31, :1.993 
Visual Arts Facility opened 

February 21, 1993 
Central Ubrary expansion completed; 
library rededicated 

J .... 9,:1.993 
John M. and Sally B. Thornton 
Hospital and Perlman AmbuIItary 
Cere Center o~ 

""",24,1191 
Recreation/Intramural and AthletIc 
Complex (RIMAC) dedicated 
__ 3,1991 
Center for Wireless CommunJcatlonl 
established 

Source: UCSO ArcIWes 
Dominic Lobbil/ GcMrI1Mn 

• 

'. 

.' 



14 

s 
VS 

COLORS • CUT-OFFS • FADED BLUES 

$99 BIKER ·JACKETS 
COSTUMES • 60's, 70's, & MORE • FUN, FUNKY, FUNTIONAL 

HAWAIIAN. MILITARY· TUX SHIRTS 
COOL STUFF 
FAIRMAIRS 

4879 NEWPORT AVE., OCEAN BEACH 
..... ___ --'JPEN 7 DAYS • 222·0220 ____ .... 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, Oc:tober 2, 1995 

FREE ELECTRIJSIS 
m.~11111 ioidIoI_. $25 nluo. 
.... .0_ cliraa only Wirh dUo..t. Exp. l~s,0J5. 

.UIII 
FACiAlS 
III , 
PIElCIIi 

lIZ block 
/rorrt VCSD 
&wm" 

IYltRO.' 
U'''! lIP 

CMII 
IIC! 

UIOIIA!MS 
1!IASTS 

DO 
A 
~"... flIU!S ~• , .. ,~~ • ' l~~~S ' lexander's The world's largest student and youth travel organization, ELECTROLYSIS 

1f12 leu •• , CT, 'U' 
1I ~'lll C ...... TE CEITEI 

IIItlf to Mobil SIIIIioII) 558-0888 800-777-0112 ST/j STA TRAVEL 

• 

IT'S A NEW QUARTER 

WE HAVE NEW 

CHALLENGES. 

QUESTION IS. 

WHEN WILL YOU 

PLAY? 

FIGHT 
ALso NE:W: 
50' MoRrAL io<DMBD.T 3 
THEAlRE OF MAGIc 
INDIANAPOLIS 5CX) 

CoMING SXlN: 
HEAD 10 HEAD R.OCING 
IN CRuISlN' lJSAJ 

c. .. M"~ ila 
.. --~ "4"!"~ 

You'll be seeln. 
OREEN becau .. 

we're READ 
...... ~I3 ... a4 .. 

Reach your goal. 
Study abroad. 

The choices you make today build your prospecjs for 
tomorrow. Choose to study 
abroad. An experience in 
another country will help 

you to visualize, defi~e and 
reach your goals. Take the 

first step and call for our 
free catalogs today. Specify 
Australia, Great Britain, 
Greece, Ireland, Austria, 
Mexico, or Peace Studies. 

1.800.755.5607 
http://www.beaver.edul ~ 

cea@beaver.edu 

C.nlcr for Edurauon Abroad 

. 

Monday, October Z, 1995 

Stuffed: Christine Chi (right) and Anne Su turn back a 
Regal spike attempt during the final of the Mizuno Invite. 

-Loop, roll 
.Try flying 

or just see the ~aUlllIUl 
San Diego .. v.a.3u ... ,,_ . _ _ _ ._.,._....: 

~\'t \,~1. t'\'~~ [V+ ~riH~ 
At A 0', er LeveL 

(omfortable, wide-diameter wriling at a great price. 
Boll-point pen, Rolling Boll Seledip5 Pen, and O.5mm 

pencil in five Ipirited colon. (hoose fram red, black, 
blue, green or white, with smart black appointments. 

lifetime mechanical guarantee. 

SINCE 1846 

LII ~I I 
I 1 t ) t ).'" I ( " ~ I 

The UCSD Guardian 

CALLU: UCSD 
looks ahead after loss 
ContInued flam ..... 24 
winner by junior Anne Suo 

The Tritons had two opportunities to 
win the game, while leading 14-L3. 
However, the Regals held their ground 
and came from behind for a 17-15 tri-
umph - and a 2-1 lead in the match. 

The fourth game was close until Cal 
Lu reeled off five straight points,jump-
ing out to a 12-5 lead. UCSD was un-
able to recover from that blow and 
dropped the game, 15-8. 

"It would have been nice to beat [Cal 
Lu] now," Ripken said afterwards ... But, 
we plan on peaking at the end of the 
season, and what's more important is 
that we beat them in November at 
[NCAA] Regionals." 

"Losing to them now will peak our 
work ethic and make us stronger in the 
long run," Dannevik said. "This week-
end clearly states that it's Cal Lu and 
UCSD [in the West], so now we can 
start practicing to beat them." 

The game with Cal Lu amounted to 
a title match because of a Triton victory 
over La Verne earlier in the day. 

The Leopards were no match for 
UCSD, who opened the contest with its 

top guns and came away a 15-11 winner 
in game one. 

Game two wu another 15-11 vic-
tory for the Tritons, but this time it 
came with the aid of four frcahman. 
Katherine Brynjestad took advantage 
of her opportunity by scoring on nu-
merous outside sets and providing strong 
serving. She and Noonan closed out the 
game by stuffing a huge spike attempt 
by La Verne. 

The third game was all UCSD, and 
again it was the freshmen who had their 
time in the sun. A service winner by 
Dena Strube closed out the match by a 
15-6 tally. 

The Tritons first match of the tour-
nament was a straight set triumph over 
Emory (GA) on Friday afternoon. The 
Eagles, ranked 12th in Division III, put 
up a tough fight, extending UCSD all 
the way in each of the games. But the 
Tritons came out on top by identical 
scores of 15-10 in each game. 

UCSD's second triumph of the tour-
nament came agai nst Claremont-M udd-
Scripps (CMS). The Athenas played 
over their heads for much of the match 
and offered a challenge to the bruised 
Triton team. After taking game one, 15-
8, UCSD opened game two strongly, 
thanks to the powerfui outside hitting 
of Crochet. 

... 

SPORTS 15 

She tallied three Itraipt poin to 
open the pmc by nailing bit balls 
down the line and crou court - and 
showing her touch with a delicate dink. 
However, the Triton offensc faltered 
after the quick start, and CMS took the 
game, 15-7. 

Game three was close until Noonan 
began a UCSD surge by rejecting an 
Athcnaspike attempt, making the score 
9-8. An ace by fellow freshman middle 
blocker Christine Prowd extended the 
lead to 13-9 and forced a timeout by 
CMS. It was too late for coaching to 
help, however, and Biesheuvel finished 
the game with a booming spike. 

Game four was a fierce battle in 
which the Tritons held off five game 
points before prevailing on another 
huge spike by Biesheuvel, 19-17, to 
win the match, 3-1. 

"We put all our eggs in the Emory 
basket because Claremont hadn't 
played that well," Dannevik said. "You 
have to give them a lot of credit, they 
played a great match." 

UCSD ended the tournament with a 
3-1 record. However, it was not the 
Tritons' only action of the week. On 
Thursday evening, the Tritons wel-
comed Colorado College to RIMAC 
and quickly showed it the door with a 
straight-set win (15-7, 15-4, 15-10). 

III C For Students of" 455-1000 ~ ~ .h.e.s.s. .L/U •• ---1----.. - < IrAT> 
EDUCATIONAL SEMINARS .L::::JII ~JJ~I ·/~t::Il ., III '!::! .. 
Videotaped Interview Seminars . V 
Comprehensive • Interactive • Tough Questions - $35 for HL Students • 
Thursday, October 5th, trom 4·7pm or Monday, December 4th, from 4-7pm 
Or drop by our La 10lla Center and pick up the latest Interview Booklet for $1 ! 
HL April MCAT Students: Have you gotten all your Secondaries Out? 
HL August MCAT Students: Have you mailed all your Primaries (AMCAS & Non) Yet? 

We Stayed Up 
Ni~hts So You Won't 

Ha.eTo. 
Keeping late hours? Cut through calculations and grasp concepts faster. 

Easy-to-use features. Perfectly matched to your course work. 
Available now through the University Bookstore. 

Mon.-Fri. 8am-6pm • Sat. 1 Oam-5pm • 534-3786 

LJL5D 
IH)()K:'-.l()ttl TEXAS 

INS I RUMENTS 
HlD YOUR IRAIH 

TI-82 A powerful, easy-to-use tool 
for drawing graphs, building tables, & 
performing data analysis. $98.85. 

TI-85 Our most powerful graphing 
calculator for advanced math, science 
& engineering. $118.85. 

UCSD BOOKSTORE SUPPUES DEPT. 534-3786 

-
-. 

C.I 



\ 

-

• 

16 The UCSD Guardian Monday, October 2, 1995 

Volunteers are needed for Research Drug FRE E 
Study. All testing and study medications are 

PSYCHOLOGY · 
INFORMATION MEETING ad·ver·tls·ing fl1: the 

action of calling something 

to the attention of the public, 

esp. in the UCSD Guardian 

newspaper, 534-3466 

, 

Qualified participants will be paid up to $600 
for participation 

ftDd out abOut 

new major requirements 
new courses and changes in courses 

honors seminar & program 
graduate programs in psychology 

career opportunities 

Call 436-5189 Ask for Research 
Warren W. Pleskow, M.D. 

WHEN: Thursday, October 5th, 4:00 - 5:00 p.m. 

DIPLOMATE . AMERI CAN BOARD OF ALLERGy/ IMMUNOLOGY 

",.,.('" 

.~ 
# 

" ) 
,I 

: 

,. , , 

" 

, 

, 
.' 

I , 
, I / , 

; 
I , 

I 1 " , , 

or more i 

.. Yours and yours alone. 

The awesome computer with all the bells and whistles. 

ASAP. 
We mean like yesterday. 

Seq a student is hard. So we've made buying a Macintoslf easy. So easy, 
in fact, that prices on Macintosh personal oomputers are now Mlllower than 
their already bw student prices. AM with the AppI( Computer Loon and 9O-Day 

I.. ~I I 
I ~ ( ) ( I., I • ) I { f 

WHERE: 216 Center HaU 

Career Services 
2-4 pm • 

.N 
, = _ _ A ' 

Power Macintosh- 7200175 w/cD 
8MB RMV500MB btmJ am, 

Powtr PC 6()1 proasror, aJ-ROO dtU, 
15" color ~ fIt)WarrJ and motIIt. 

Deferred Piyment Plan, }'OO can take home a Mac-without having to make a siJWe 
payment for up to 90 days.tWhich means}W can Uo tal!e home the Apple" 
power to make any student~ life easier. The power to be)'OOf besr. • 

FUD YOU. "AIM 
UCSD aookstor~ Computer Center 534-4291 

Monday,~ber2, 1995 The UCSD Guardian SPORTS i7 

Trackers Take Tenth 
IDENTICAL: The UCSD men's arid women's squads took 
10th at the Stanford Invite, filled with Div. I and II teams 
ayUNCoI&I ..... 
GU/Jrd//Jn Reporter 

Identiql finishes were in the works, U 
the UCSD men's and women's cross-c:oun-
try teams sped tolOth-place finishes at the 

Stanford Invitational last Sat-
urcSay. Racing in hot, dry 
weather, the Tritons perse-
vered against numerous com-
petitive Division 1 and II 
teams. 

Sophomore Kyndra Smith 
and freshman Maggie Dwire 

lllliiilillii ___ paced the women's team, U 
Smith recorded a time of 19:30 to finish 31st 
in a field of over 220 ruMers. Dwire fol-
lowed her, only 22 seconds later. 

Racing in the competitive invitational 
section - with 175 strong runners - the 
men's team still managed an impressive 
finish. Senior JJ. Castner finished 13th 
overall with a time of 25: 18 to lead the team. 
UCSD's number-two runnerWas senior John 
Walsh, who finished at 26:05. Neal Harder 
and Nate Johnson also ran impressive races, 
coming in only 15 seconds behind Walsh. 

"[Harder] had a good race, and [Johnson] 
came right in with [Harder]," Coach Ted 
Van Arsdale said. "[Johnson] had moved up 
gradually through the race, picked up with 
[Harder], and they pressed together and re-
ally hammered it out." 

The men Were competing against several 
tough Division I teams at the Invite. 

"This meet we wanted to go up because 
of the caliber of our men," Van Arsdale said. 
"We wanted to jump in and compete with the 
Division I teams, knowing that it would 
callous us in preparation for our conference 

- which is Division 11- and train us for 
the national championships." 

"It was a very good teat, and it showed us 
that you need to be hard in order to achieve 
your individual best," he added. "Perfor-
mllICCS are a learniog experience. It's the 
nature of the aport. If 

The UCSD women's team bad a bal-
anced attack behind the improved times of 
several runners. Smith finished 10 seconds 
flSler than her previous best, and sopho-
more Wendy Chaisson chopped a whop-
ping 41 seconds off of her top time, finish-
ing at 21:02. Senior Jane Zimmerman had 
the second-best time of her college career at 
20:20. 

"[Zimmerman] basically laid it all on the 
line," Van AIsdalesaid. "She's not afraid to 
run it to the limit. [Dwire] got a side stitch at 
two miles and just worked her way through 
it, and still came in only 22 seconds off 
[Smith]. She's put some good racing to-
gether. She's flat out tough. That's all there 
is to it." 

Chaisson applauded fellow team mem-
ber Liana Wright's performance of 20:36. 

"Liana had an Achilles problem but still 
came out and ran an incredible race," 
Chaisson said. 

Overall, Van Arsdale had only good 
things to say about the women's race this 
weekend. 

"The women's team is very young, with 
only two seniors. The rest are sophomores 
and freshmen," Van Arsdale said. "Each 
week they continue to improve. I'm really 
very, very pleased with their progress. 
They're learning each week. They're really 
attentive.to improving their racing skiUs." 

Prices Slashed! 
Entire DAYRUNNER Line 

DAY RUNNER CLASSIC EDmON 

••••• • ••• 
• . I 
• I 

: . 150/0 Discount i 
: FALL RUSH COUPON . : 
• Valid September 18 - October 14 I 
• While Supplies LaSt • 
• Not Available On Special Orders I 

• I 
• Supplies Department Mon · Fri 8 am - 6pm I 
• 534·3786 = = Sat lOam - 5 pm I 
•••••••••• ....... 1-~~~~dPf· -~ ••••••• 

FlU YOU. IUIN 

llitons Are Golden, 3-0 
SHAKING LA.: UCSD beat the CSU Los Angeles Golden 
Eagles by tallying t~ee early goals, before cruising to victory 
By ..... RIIhImI 
Associate Sports Editor 

As we all know, David was able to defeat 
Goliath in the legendary battIe. It should be 
noted, however, tllat real life Goliaths seem 

to prevail more often. 
Take the Triton women's 

soccer team, for example. 
With a win last Thursday, its 
regular-season unbeaten 
streak has increased to 42 
games, dating back to its !ast 
defeat on Oct. 7, 1992. 

On Thursday, at Jesse 
Owens Stadium - home of the Cal State 
Los Angeles Golden Eagles - Goliath 
(a.k.a. the UCSO Tritons) went up against 
David (d,isguised as the first-year Cal State-
L.A. women's soccer team). The final tally 
once again saw Goliath triumph over the 
outmatched David, 3-0. 

And, U reality so often dictates, David 
didn't stand a chance. 

The Tritons made their first visit 
a pleasant one, as they scored early 
and often to trounce the home team. 
Ele Johnson scored the first Triton 
goal just 25 seconds into tbe first 
half. Assisted by Kelly Kramer and 
Amanda Johnson, Ele tapped in a 
short cross at the right post, putting 
UCSO up, 1·0. 

"When you score that early,it can hurt 
you because you think, 'wow,' tbis is going 
to be stroll in the park. But then things get 
very difficult," Head Coach Brian McManus 

said. "I thought we handled it quite well. 
The field was very bumpy, hard and nar-
row. It made it difficult to play good soc-
cer." 

Ele was not through, however, as she 
scored a similar goal 21 minutes later, to 
increase the Triton lead to 2-0. This time 
she was assisted by Brandie Hayungs and 
Carin Pugh. 

Senior defender Diana Muchowski 
rounded out the scoring with the Tritons' 
third goal of the first half, when she headed 
home a comer kick at 34: 11. . 

Kelly Pearson minded the Triton net, 
making four saves en route to her first 
shutout of the year. 

"With a two or three goal game you can 
tryout different players," McManus said. 
"Carin Pugh and Beth Freeburg are out for 
tomorrow's game, but we are used to play-
ing with changes now. And you know that 
you're never going to go through a season 
with the same 11 people." 

The undefeated group will travel north 
to battle Azusa Pacific tomorrow and will 
face Chapman in a pivotal match on Friday 
at Triton Soccer Stadium. 

TOP 
OPTH. UAD 

Prouaiy Presents 
~{fogg's cereaCs -

fJ1tey're qrrrn-rreat! 
With each entrance to TOQ you get your Dame 
In a weeldy drawing for fabulous KeUo"'s prizes 

- watches, t-shirta, hats, and morif Plus 
uDanDounced doorpdzes and a grand prize 

drawing at the end of Fall quarter! 

'. ~ 



,I 

18 SPORTS The UCSD OuanIiaa Monday, October 2, 1995 

Do you suffer from 
r-."iYi~;;-;~~"';;--" DEL GRECO: 

.& .,. t:tIMfI • IIfI,. A second Ceasar? 
AILERGID? 

Volunteers are needed for Research Drug Study. 
All testing and study medications are 

FREE 
Qualified participants will be paid up to 

$100 for participation 
Call 438-5:189 Ask for Research 
WARREN W. PL ESKO W, M.D. , 

ALLERGY AND ASTHMA TREATMENT AND RESEARCH ASSOCIATES 

Color 996-
Copies J. ." 

Passport $5.95 
Photos I I ,,' , 

Iololol'lj,Vle Square" 
8657 VIDe La Jolkl Dr, '115 La Jola. CA 92037 (619)452-9949 

ContInued from .... 24 
quarter: Houston was down by one 
with less than a minute on the clock, 
and slowly driving into Jaguar terri-
tory. A nifty two-yard pass to 
Haywood Jefferies - thanks to a 
block, which I think was credited to 
AI Del Greco - put the Oilers on 
the 35 with only four seconds left. 

Who does Houston bring in to 
save the day? Who else? 

AI Del Greco. 
Jacksonville quickly called a 

timeout, a last-ditch attempt to rattle 
the Houston stalwart. Minutes later, 
his fierce Roman nose poking out of 
his helmet, Del Greco stepped onto 

---------------------------------111!1--------- the field and eyed Ihe 52-yard at-

M 0 N DAY, 0 C T 0 B ',E R 2 
8:00 P.M. 

MANDEVILLE AUDITORIUM 

""., will ., ,I" • •• , ., ••••• , "'e. c •• ,., I •• Ollie. ,.~., 

.' 

tempt. 
The kick was up, and it appeared 

to have plenty of leg, but then what 
happened? What caused the ball to 
violently hook wide-right? 

It's anyone's guess. The ball 
might have been deflected. But I 
smell a conspiracy afoot. Spectators 
did report seeing strange men in the 
grassy knoll area behind the end 
zone. And the Oilers' bail boy, nor-
mally outspoken and easygoing, re-
fused to talk to the media. Hmm. 

In any case, AI Del Greco should 
probably watch his back this· next 
week. With enemies all around him, 
he is like Caesar - a great man 
preparing for a greal fall. 

BEACHED: 
UCSD falls at the 
hands of LB. and Cal 
ContInued from ..... 24 
tons held a solid 4-2 edge. But Long 
Beach stormed back in quarter num-
ber-two with four unanswered goals, 
to lead 6-4 four at ""ftime. 

Each squad managed two goals 
in the third, but the final quarter -
as has been the case much of this 
season-was the Achilles' heel for 
UCSD. The Tritons allowed the 
4gers four unanswered goals, ac-
counting for the lopsided 12-6 score . . 

"We played pretty well against 
Long Beach," Head Coach Denny 
Harper said. "We were in a position 
to win, and it just got away from us." 

Adam Bollenbach was the only 
Triton to record multiple scores. He 
had two goals, while Doug Cole, 
Greg Salvinski, Romas Kudirka and 
Carlos De La Barra had one apiece. 
Goalie Robert Brisbane did all he 
could, stopping seven 4ger shots. 

Things did not get any easier in 
the second game, when UCSD was 
matched up against perennial water 
polo powerhouse UC Berkeley. 

The Bears (9-1), overwhelmed 
the outmanned Tritons, 16-6. This 
time, the game was put out of reach 
early, as Cal tallied five first quarter 
goals and never looked back. 

Rifle-armed John Giulianotti 
earned Triton scoring honors, gar-
nering three scores. Steve Crass, De 
La Barra and Kudirb rounded out 
the scoring with individual goala. 

On Sunday, UCSD finally came 
up against a foe of ill caliber in 
14th-ranked UC Davis. However, 
the Tritons came up ahort again, as 
they were upset by Davis, IS-fJ. 

"We ~ere within a goal [at the 
end oftbe third qua~r), but we bad 
a ~isuteroUs .fourthq...arter," Huper 
aaid. . 

The Tritons finaUy picked up • 
win api .... SaIl .. Clara by. 19-5 
1COI'e. However, abe weekend re-
mainedr.disappointmeatforUCSD. 

Monday, October 2, 1995 The UCSD Guardian 

Ad Mania ... At the UCSD Bookstore I can purchase Cross pens, calculators, a Macintosh computer, software for fun, 
software for education, calendars, computer accessories, cool sweathsirts, one of those med school skeletons, hats, art supplies, 

notebooks, popcorn, magazines, how-to books, how-not-to books, best sellers, 
Garfield, portfolios, UCSD emblem stuff, microwaveable lunches, newspapers, 

GENERAL MEETING 
Tuesday, Oct. 3rd 

12:00 - 1:00 p.m. 

Membership! 
Discounts! 

Gifts! 

Prln Cent./; San FrrIIICIKo Room 

·.~o"lll ta Verde Blvd. • 587-4844 
COSTA 
VERDE 
(ARWASH ~ WE RECYCLE 

OUR WATER 

OPEN 7 DAYS • AL 
SHELL GASOLINE" DIES 

-UCSD 
lL.J 1III IVIII.II Dr 

.. I 
.-

ac: 

'* 
i 
- J c!l---• NOMI ac: 

/ 

L SOFT CLOTH WASH 
El AT COMPETITIVE PRICES 
-------------

: FuU SenJice $ h 99 : 
: COSTA P!t!Yal! ~~M" : 
I CVE~?E . NotvaJidWllhanyOlheroffar, S~VE I 
I AR vv'ASIi EKpires 10/3119S $3.46\ I 

~-----------------' ______ I 

STE 

andoh yes, more books. 
f:."¥ I~ 

.' 
A.. 

; .. -r - ,~-- -. ----.,,. _ .. ~. _ ~ .... __ \/ .~-... ~ _ 

PROFESSIONAL 
. · :" r _. · - ..:.00.. 111 ...... ..,;1 

Our Cturse Philosopby Begins wlm One Wort < L SAT > 
PREPCOUBsr 

More Meetings and Tests More for Your Mone} '" Our 18 total hours are spread over 50% more meetinCJ 
(~~ than the next dosest competitor. More 
and shorter mutings means less burnout and more 
total effort on.. your part-SOY, more. You think 
about this material before. durine, and after (with 
homework) dau. You take (& take apart) 1m!! LSATs. 

More ~oncise, ~Iearer Materials 
Because our development standards are so high. our 
study materials are deaner, dearer, more instructive, 
and more efficient with your time. We challenge you 
to check out all the competitors' material first hand 
before taking a course. Would you. studying it? 

Our Dec. 2 LSAT Course starts Oct. 21 . 
For a Brochure: (619) 455-1000 or 

8OO-HYPERLEARNING 

Why go with a course that isn't committed to ~ 
improvement and customer service! We add new 
features to every course we run. Founded by students 
and dedicated to them, we set the standard. 

More Support 
Besides office hours and performance consultations, we 
have an applications nsource center, and offer help 
with school selection, internships, and target score 
setting, We have a free repeat and a retake guarantee. 

More ~erious 
We know you want to get into a top school, so you 
need a great score on a very tough test The way to 
beat the lSAT is unrelenting attac~ led by top 
instructors in a course that won't waste your time. 

SKI CLuB 
Caliiorm~ , San O1e~o or an ~ or lIS' department" 0"'15Ion; . ofilce •. 
-". """",. ~ ""f of ." ~m' « ="" 

, .CO 
DEC. ~-16th 

o pub crawl • 
~\)~~~ • nastar/snow 

\ ,6' volleyball • thumper 

mi party 
• snow 

II · • 
\t"'\)' snow SCUlpture • picnic l"'''''' , t-shirt • dirtY dance cont. ~ o~ tUbbing • 2-c:1ance parties ~\c ~ 1J~ ~",,'}. and a bus ride you won't forget 

I 

TIX .ON,SALE NOW! Call 534.4482 MON-FRI 10-4 pm 

19 

I 

I . 



/ 

. <, 

20 CLASSIFIEDS The UCSD Guardian Monday, October 2, 1995 

CLASSIFIEDS 

The UC SIr! 01Ig0 EM1y CtiIcIlood E"- c... 
................. cI .. OIIdCnFood Pnlpn. ,.._ .. _wl"'_" __ .1I> 
....... <f*III .... no phjIaI ...,..... '" '" -
.... ' ..... ' .... qcHd ___ "*"._ 
CiI1Ii\. .. - "' .......... 1l\eOlldCnFood ........ iI __ dWgo 10 .. oIIgIiIo portapnI. I Y'I' 
-Y'I'--, .... ,.-... -"'-aD._arigi\ .. _"' __ ._~ 
10 ... dll ...... Food ond ....... Sor.ia, 3101 """ 

E\lPLO' \IE\'I' 

~" ___ """"""'IO"""" 
_ ..... ~"'..-. CollI oann.4I&2571 

___ 1 ~,......... ...... """" 1ioIItf1ll¥. 
pr<iI1 ~ ___ . Col 5tR.!O~ ~ 
..-.ge.(1cr1l 

CONSIDERING BECOMING 
A CATHOLIC? 

WANT TO BE CONFIRMEDt 
The Catholic Community at UCSD will begin its 
RCIA (Rite of Christian Initiation of Adults)/ 
CONFIRMATION program on Tuesday, October 17 
at the Catholic Lounge (9595 La Jolla Shores Dr.). For 
more information or to register, please contact 

Lynn Neu, 452-1957 

LSAT 
GRE 
MeAT 

I('..,t Daft:: Ike 2 
( 'ourw" "tart: Oct. 21 
\ k~a-( 'our"l' "tart: ()et. 7 

1t'''1 Dalt': Ikr. IJ 
( ' 0111'''(''' ,,1.ll't (hI. 21 
I \II. "dlt'dllln ;1\ dilahk~ 

It ' ,1 1).IIl': \plil 20. I'JlJh 
~Llrl I)/TP; .. ·ill:.! t ,; .. I.\ \I illl 
11111' I· ;111, \l'('l''''' pro:.!LIIlI 

The Decem bet exam 
dates for the LSAT and 
GRE may be your ~ast 

chance for 1996 
admissions. Call now 
for schedules and infol 

~~CETON 
.,. .. REVIEW 

(800) 2-REVIEW 
(619) 558-0500 

The Princeton ~ew 16 nat Mfllr.ted with Priruton U. or ErS. 

Fa>U'v.nHnEOONCITIONOF0UR9MAONIoIENT'?I 
.. - ....... gil _:2 l 1IeIIq .... 
....... ~&. &:: ,'" ', .... , •• 
........ C118M411' lQ11. 

........... noodIdb_ .. __ .... 

.... ,,--~ ... --. -

The Medical Scientist Training Program 
at the 

Medical College of Wisconsin 
offers a combined M.O.-Ph.O. degree program. Trainees 
receive full tuition scholarships and stipends 
throughout their stUdies. Highly qualified students with a 
backgroun'd in research are encouraged to apply. The 
medical school and training program application deadline 
is November 15. Write or call: 

-MEDICAL 
COLLEGE 

OF WISCONSIN 

Medical Scientist Training Program 
Medical College of Wisconsin 
8701 Watertown Plank Road 
Milwaukee, WI 53226-0509 
Phone: (414) 456-8641 

1-800-457-2775 
E-mail: mstp@postits.mcw.edu 

1'tti~.Cr1peI. __ _ 

...-..~ ___ GIl_a 
"""'""'II ~_w, ... , ...... _ . 

..,. .. 1111111111 ... ,..,.. ....... ~. nto ... ~ ... 11U5.14.00SIH.P.O.Ilaii2156. n -.. _ . (IIUI15n2C!!5. ~1I-1l~ 

is seeking someone 
handle a broad variety of office detail with 
SUpervision. Duties include maintaining student records. 
faculty schedules , heavy phone usage. and frequ 
contact with students. The successful candidate must 
computer literate , possess excellent administrative . 
organizational , WordPerfect 5.1 , and interpersonal skills. 
College degree. knowledge of financial aid. and AltI'>AnAnr,.. 
in a higher education setting strongly "",,"A"...n 
required. Notary helpful. Submit resume with ....t,ArAn,. ..... 
l.EJ~~== October 11. 1995. 

o Eorn Academic Credit 
o Flnonelol Aid Available 
oMs1/Jx Scholarships 

Nlilulll is an 
aIRrmatM odionI. 

opportunity 
empIo,.er 

and 
~ 

qualified 
candidaI.. 

Thunday. Get f. 7 PIlI 
ItttnalIoMI c.11r LOuItge 

For ....,. 1M'" _""' ....... 1Ut 
UOU Ptogr.~ AbraM 0ffI0I 

No ~ Elm ___ r..t fIwIIIiIie oUIng . 
~"--SASE:_1nc. 
18&15 Tern III PIMp, "'1115. -.. TX T7f17O. 

FOH ~ \LE 
00U0 ...... _ . 1,..,. ....... Ion, ........ 
__ 1125. ~~1I\iIIiIIIIn.cn.a 
---.130. Col fill (!134.!014 Of ~(1()'2·101 
III 

...... '_1110. FIO __ "l211. c.. 
_ . ZI2-4771 .(1()'2.10(.121 

"~. XT. ""-'_""''''''_ ~, .... b _Ileoo.ao..", (1Q111 

1m IEICEIlESBJIIOaJI4 ...... _ ... _ 
-. ...... _ ...... ---

Monday, October 2, 1995 

::m:..~.=== IIIL (1-"'-" HoI ."CBl: .,. 
DB.I.DCMDfl'EOf, no ............... 
Inr _.125~...,.~0NII1III 
......... 130 CoIfIIl_4. __ ,,-'QIt 

Y_$4Ic_COcr..,.'15OI117-111ot . No" 
..... ,~ . ... l_IBl. III7-81101 (10(21 

OIIomgElw,*_'" IBIIPC. Uood ... _,,_ 
_l1li. ea-......... onddiilt MIIr1o"'IIiO. 
eo-- OWIoIKadWlOOIicz. 8157-8411 • _ fl/ 

2II. l Ir2.1~. 10112.10118. 1Q'Z1) 

_ SIlo! ~4" 1150. _ Pro sal. 
~_~s:m _sa_ago. 
- _ O""iwll8OO 1180. SmoI tridgo 1IiO. 
T"'_~. __ l l11,mcnI CoI56I_ 
Lv. __ • (10(2) 

G1 _ SE. -. 2 docn...."" __ NM\I 
~ co cr..,. 85,(0) niIII, opaiIII ..., _ 
IIII!OO CoI~. (10(21 

_ FOld EooirIl_ 44' ...... NC, __ 
_OIl (818)678-7IIl& (11131-101111 

1 4 .4USR011OT1CS~ __ .. lac. WI..,. 
'" 14.4 __ "' ... .....". b 1100.00. Coot. 
_-6311. (W111-1Qel 

00lI0_ .. 4 .............. __ .,.1517. 

\\\\TED 
- - pcIIIIIcnI jCIMIIIrf ooupII -*41 ~1O_"*"'"I __ .. IMOIogD. 
S(8O ........ (1Q'l-101121 

LIiIlIdng b '" "'*- aM""I •• 0GIIICIiauI. 
.... ~ ....... I.~lIIsii ..... ' 
... 110_10_....... ....lQ1t 

MWIII .......... _._CII..., FoIl. 
mill,.., .......... f'-.CIII ", •• 1.-

NlEWNmD ~b_""""I0""" 
...... _b ......... ond ....... wi ....... CII 
1111II7t -. (1Q111 

The UCSD Guardian 

----....... biiIwoam __ ... la 
..... .... 1.,lIu"",-""""",,,_, 

FlwnbAIII_IO_ Nco ................. '" 
....... __ . 1471. CoIIIIII7.e110. 

.... _ccndo.2 ___ ...... biiIwoam ~"'.T ... _ ... GIW"'" -~------­.... LanIry. ZJ3.743 (10(21 ond".'GIIII.", ..... ....,. . .....-. .-. 
-.-.-,- .......... ,.. .... 
.... _ pocIIiIurB. __ li1, "'* 

rrriIII1I8_-.~~ .... 101121 

OlIn """",,3bii41oam_ ......... _ ..... 
S320 uurc 1IrVt..-....... 1400 ... .& 1/4 .... pod, 
.... ... _'Oll. Tadd~l1C(1Q2.1Qel ucso ... _· 7 tI iii' ............ 1/l .... 

Part-time academic year (15+ hr/Wk) , part- to full ·time summer, 
secretarial position available. Approximately $8Ihr. 

Job In Its basic form Includes the following: typing 35 wpm 
minimum; filing skiNs; telephone skills. including contacting vendors 
and ordering supplies; key entry on Macintosh and Unix computers; 
email; sort and saeen mail. 

Additional skills required: ability to prioritize wor!<load; ability to 
make order out of chaos; high level ·of accuracy; ability to work 
independently; enthusiasm and initiative. 

Prefer student who will be at UCSD for at least 3 years. 

Stop by 3050 Urey Hall Addition for an application packet or contact 
Bonnie Bishop Star!< (bstart<@ucsd.edu) or Terrie Nichols Mahoney 
(tmahoney@ucsd.edu). Phone: 6191534-2572 or fax 619/534-7654. 
In return for your efforts. if you are hired, we promise to provide an 
active, stimulating. friendly work environment. H Is our goal to do 
fantastic research and education in science while maintaining an 
atmosphere where fun can stillaurvive. 

IEconom'¥fii--j 
..."..""..~ ... , 

l1li., _tat"..1 

E,. fum $29::.".: 
EyeSI .... $39 
_..,ally _1IId 
.... lMge -.ctIon. 91nQIe 
...... orty up 10 4.00 aph. 
Up 10 2 .... cyt. WIllI .. ad. 

__ ·c.eZllll· ........ _.~,.... 
........ ...., .... ....., . .."... ' •••• z.-.............. 

Dr. IltwlIIe 1»., D.D. 
CI..., 1Jpt,."",., ttl IICSIJ 

fib.. 4150 REGENTS PARK Row, 
~ Sum: 160, LA JOIJA 

DESICI"I FidES AT DISCOUNTS uda.ct 
,.,.~~ 

ow... _ . IONII 

, .. 

~EH' ICE~ 
~TDW. STUlBfTS. -. 0\1·1 ~ 
Pro!nm. "'U.s. .......... lIgoI~ TIIl'l1l m-
71" _ .... 91. c..og.I'IIIc.CAI13D1(1()'2·1Q3q 

9PEED't' fUEAACH. AIpart 18.00 ......... 0.. lO'ooo .... ___ b __ _ 

CI'iItt 1547~ __ a-d ........ .208 laAngola 
CA 8OG!l Hun: 1oIcIl.f!l. 10_pm ~ 11 ..... 4 pm. 0.... __ CoIIodi¥! 1~ 
8001 (11r.!·101121 

lOT Hw. !Y.TElJoIE 1~ AiG.21:M W_ 
18+._ ~1IIq'd. s.v.o(8181 __ (llr.!·l011111 

UllEPSVOtCS 1 on 11«11 1121 MO._l481 $3-. 
18+. _ ~1IIq'd. s.v.o (8181-- ll()'2·1011 111 

Col __ ","*V",II ... b -... _ 
- 9lJcIof81111~(lWl-ll~ 

Cau about our 
low, low prices 
on extra thin 

eyeglass lenses! 
SPECIAL CONTACT 

LENS PACKAGES 
It/eludes ~"emm, [utlt/g. fo/Jow-up carp. care.'. 
near Sf8/Jled /Ix 0fIiy. other "",}Or ""'nds In !loc • . 

Dally Wear lpeir m 
Semi-Disposable ' . poh 1 •• 
Disposables 4 _ 1 H 
DIIpoa"'~I" 4_ 

a.ASSIFIBDS 21 
. . 

lMi8.IEIIf Fna WQilDWIOE. CoI __ _ 
• • - ............ 1_ .... 1ItI · ... ,cmt 
AU.11\IIMI'I .......... _-._ ..... 0. 
-....... ~~-.... 
.....-t.ll __ 1Zf1 (11112-1C1111 

L ..... CIfnIIy. .y. 
___________ -J' - ...... 

I 2 PAIRS 01 I 
: DuraSon 

I 
I 
I 
I 

I Colored Conlacls __ IIIIr . ....... I 
I f'lc .. IIIGiI ...... m . I BROWN EYES TO BWE/ GREEN/ HAZEI/MISTY GREY 

--------------------@ VISIONCARE '578-6786 DR. NICK SELBY, 00 
6780 Miramar Road IZ ............... c.ra ... , 

AmInO. AU 
UeSD STuIIIlTS: 

mUrIAJIuA .... 
JVIIr fiW'lfile pub for 

lJiod(rifted lifer iDd 
IIOdfoocl! 



. . 

22 

Global Internship 
and Language 

Programs 
.. 

International PrO!fams 
,._-__ .. _a. ... --" .. : 

_...-,1 ... -.....-m..,_ ........ Q.-..NA.l11S • 6171:1J3._ 
-.... '.'iL". __ w.~:IIap:I_·M ""'_ ... 

... -'--....-.. ............. 

........ ,........--
Da...... ...... O ...... _ D-.... 0"..,._ D_._ DW-.-.D.C. 
D ....... a.... 

.. -,.. .. _-
calli 01_ ... _,.,....... 

LMc .................. IAr1I ............ 
Ollolbo o N_y. N •• 
o a.-. _ 0 oar .... BoaJoad 
o _ .. _I 0 -.11aIy 

O~Spoin 0 QIIiID._ 
o ~ Gcnnany 0 V ...... lilly 1000.". ..... _""'"iII_, ____________ _ 

_ .... ____ ,...._/ou .. _.,. ...... (d .... _). 
City ______ _ 

1_'" ____ Zip ----

early 
you get 
started 
ona 
project, 
it always 
seems 
to came 
down to 
beating 
the clock. 

on self-serve copies 

Brine this - Into KinIoo~ ~)0110 and ..., ~ Uch on .......... copies. kiIko's. 
0IIer .1s Imiud ro ON! coupon per c.-: ~ ...... be presented at 
..... "''''''-' ..... 1."'" _ willi ocher ....... _ at KInIoo's LaJolb 
only. '- "Old .-. proIIibited by law. No cash ....... Oller expires )bur branch office 

~11.1995. 

on instant posters & banners 

on computer rental time 

Your branch offire 

ki I. • 8849 Villa La lolla nftO-S in the La Jolla Village Center --~457-3775 Your branch office IS San Diego Locations to Serve You 
Open 24 hours, 7 days a weel<. 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, October 2, 1995 

_ :" . ___ ~--.. • • fII ••• ".., 

YOu'll sweated to If 100d lra~es for Jears, 
~o wbat bale JOU doae for tbe UAT latelJ1 

The LSAT is a 3.5 hour exam used to test Uperformance under pressure" (i.e., in court!). 
Your LSAT score is euen more important thlm your GPA at many law schools! 
With a GPA anywhere from 2.8 - 4.0, top LSAT scores are a paaaport to top schools. A 
Are you up to the challenge? What have you done eo far to pnIflaI"e for thia teat? I "-

Come to One of Our LSAT Test Drives! PROF~SIONAL 
OPTION 1: THUI.I., SEP. 28TH, 5-9PM, OA < L S~T > 
OPTION 2: THUR., OCT. 12TH, 5-9PM. 
L. J. VI LLAGE PAOF. eTA., II t t 3 t C_&HIHD ilL TORITO) 

b It's FREE, and takes only 4 houn. PREP COUR"E-
&I . No nln pitch-:iust score and take an official LSAT with us. ~ 

. ~ After, you'U know just how much prep you need to do for your top schools. V 
... Call 4*1000 to reserve a spot, if you can make the time. See you there! 

tP.s: Our super-intensive prep course for the Dec. 2nd LSAT begins Oct. 2111t. 
Come check us out--NOW is the perfect time to start preparing to ace this test! 

Do It I 
UC Internet invites students 
to join in a ttal-tim~, onlin~ 
conversation with UC's new 
president Richard C. Atkinson 

Wednesday 
Ort.4. 7-8 p.m. 

How do JOU break into 
the Television Bizl • 

• • t~~:tn~g~ ~~Mr..n~~",h~M"ThI' ,,~,c~~,P. 
intern in one of the most fast-paced, creative and exciting departments in television ... TV Promotion. 

You'll learn broadcast marketing techniques, how to write and produce television spots, create print 
advertising and you'll even get to work on all the cool equipment. 

her e 5 the cat c h 
Vou m st receive college credit J I U (contact the sch.ool internship office). 
VOU 'must be ready to fall in love with TV (we have!) 
J I and to work your t~il off (don't worry, it's worth it!) 

Contact: Berry Helfand, Senior Writer/Producer 161 9.495.9384 

Become a KFMB TV Intern today. 
(Your mother will be so proud!) 

SAN DIEGO 

_M_OD_da~y~,~~~~r~2,~199~5~ ____________________________ ~Th~e~U~CS~D~Guud~~Um~ ____ ~----~--------------~ ________ ----~D ... 

12TH ANNUAL 
FFOG: 

FALL FESnvAL ON THE 
GREEN 

FRIDAY, OCTOBER 6 
SUN GOD LAWN 

JOIN us FOR THE 12TH ANNUAl FALL. 
FESTIVAL ON THE GREEN, FFOG. 
THIS FESTIVAL FEATURES REPRESEN-
TATlVI;S ~ OVER 200 CAMPUS 
STUDENT ORGANIZATIONS THAT WIll 
BE PERFORMING, RECRUmNG, 
DEMONSTRATING AND PROVIDING 
INFORMATION ON WHAT YOU CAN GET 
INVOLVED WITH THIS YEAR. JOIN us 
FOR FOOD, FUN, ANO FABULOUS 
OPPORTUNmES TO GET INVOLVED. 
QUESTIONS? CALl 534-0501 

A.S. POSITIONS AVAILABLEIi 
Opportunities abound In the AuocIated 
Students ofIIcesl We have many poeItiona 
available ranging from • substantlaJ time 
commitment to occasional duties.Here's a 
partial list: 
Presidential Executive 
Advocates 

UPCOIING PAOGRAMIING EVENTS 
This Wednesday In the Price Center, catch 
Munkafuat for a free noonerI And Friday 
night, It's the Coem/c Music Cemlval featur· 

ExtefnaJ AffaIrs OffIce 
Campus Wide Com-
mittee Reps. 
CommunIc:ations Posi-
tions 

111 A.s. 
Ing Otis Oay & the 
KnIghts, Munkafust, 
Oa Five Footer Crew, 
and OJ Q-Bertll 
On the TG calendar, 
October 27th we take 
you back to the hump 
with headliners 
Jambay. And for 
those who like to 
groove, we are pro-
ducing an AcId Jazz 

Many Public Relations HottJox 
POIltiona 
Coop Oversight 
0 .... ,. aFlep_ra.MI 
Elections Manager 
Assistant Operations & ServIces Mgr. 
Call the A.S. ofIIcee at 534-4450 H you 
have any questions or H you want to know 
what specific positions are available. Job 
descriptions and applications available at 
the A.S. OffIces, '3rd floor, Price Center 

TG in ~unctlon with Brass Recordings on 
November 10th. 

And Coming December 1 . .. 
' f The mothershlp lands In RIMACI 

CO! I EGE SENATORS NEfPfPI 
REVELLE FRESH 
MUIR FRESH, SENIOR 
MARSHALL FRESH, JUNIOR & SENIOR 
WARREN FRESH 
ROOSEVELT FRESH 
Go to your Dean's oflk::e for appI/catlon. 

CoLLEGE CLUB ••• MORE GOODIES 10 
OFFER Now WHEN You HOOK Upl 

Now students get a FREE 80011 Cal/550-
1996 to get hooked up on the system. Don't 
forget all the fringe benefits of being a Col-
lege Club Member- hundreds upon hun-
dreds of really cool discounts at local busI-
nessesl System improvements have been 
made, current voice box holders" Any 
Questions? Call 534-4450. 
A.S. AuIhorized ~ '- produced by 1hI,.. 
IOCia..s S1ucIenIa. UCSO. SIutIInI 0Igs!My 1IdYer-
11M by IIIIng out 1hI tonn ~ 0Iaide lie A.S. 
Secnlaly'l ofIoe on \he 3nI floor of \he Price Cenw 
or .-mail UI (aub/ec1: AuthorlzllCl Propaganda): 
alucld@ucld.llClu. Submillioni ara dua each 
w.tna.day at noon lor \he next Monday'l iIIua. 

A.S. PROGRAMMING FILM SERIES PRESENTS 
~ A CINEMATIC MARATHON ~ 
~ .... PLE FEAniRE ftlESDAY . 1 0/3 ~ i'RlRSDAY 10/5 

KAPPA ZETA P .. INFO NIGHT 
The Newest Chapter of a 35 yar old sorority 
with an Asian AmerIcan interest. We invite 
you to join us for our rush week, October 2-
7. Our first event is Infor Night@ 8pm In the 
Price Center Cove. 
10/2 Monday Info Nite PC Cove 7:00 
10/3 Tuesday Surprise Nite 

. PC Gallery B 8:00 
, -'0/4 WedneecSay Get Together 

La Jolla Shores 5:00 
1015 Thursday Coke Session 

3849 Camino Undo 8:00 
10(7 Saturday Rush Party 

8324 Hydra Lane 9:00 
Questions? Cal Nny @ 686-9039 

PAIllE T.I WEEKLY MEETING 
Campus Crusade for Christ Is an 
InterdenomInational ChrIstIan group 
tntereated In dev aIpIng our relationship with 
God through studying the BIJIe, MIIowahip 
with others, and prayer. PIeue join ~ for 
our "lam Pllcked· PRIME TIME this week, 

T~y, October 3 @ Centw Hd 109 for 
muaic, frtenda, and coffM. 
QuedonI? Cal MatI@581-1863 

..... SINIOM 
AppIIcatloM .... due for Senior Senator p0-
sition. AppIIcatIona .... due WedneIday, 
0cI0er 4, II ......... wII be October 6. 
Go to MW OeM .. oIIce tor men /nk) 

PAE-MED AssocIATION OF STUDENTS 
FOR SERVICES 

OPTOMETRY SEMINAR 
"How to Get in to an Optometry School" and 
"What it is Uke to be an Optomatriat. • 
Sponsored by ASUCSD 
Thursday, October 5 @ 7pm 
Price Center Cove 
Questions? Cal June Fuse@ 457-4897 

PRE-MED AssocIATION ()II S1UDENT8 
FOR SEfMCU 

ST. VINCENT De PAUL 
Come serve food to homllill at St VIncent 
de Paul Homeless Shelter. Meet at the 
Peterson Hall Complex at 3 :45 pm on 
Salufday, October 7. 
Sporwored by ASUCSD 
4:30pm-7:00pm 
QueItIon8? Cal a.bara Tran @ 878-0132 

CIIt .. STUDIIfT AIaoaA11ON 
Ev.ryone Is welcome to this free-for-all 
spring roI dInnIr .. thelntlmlllloll8l c.ntw. 
Friday October 8, 7-11 pm 
au-tIoI_? Cal Tommy <I 718-2125 

HAWAII CLUB 
The Hawaii Club of UCSO will be holding its 
first meeting of the year. Upcoming events 
will be discussed as well as general 
Information about the club. Everyone is 
Weicomel 
Tuesday, October 3 @ 6pm 
OavlslRtversIde Room @ the Price panter 

PRE-liED CLUB AT UCSD 
Information booth at FFOO: 
AlIentIon UCSO studentsl " you miased our 
Introductory meeting on Thurday SepIember 
28, be sure to stop by at our information 
booth at FFog for details on our organization 
and how to become a member. 

GoLDEN KEY NATIONAL HONOR 
Soaov 

Informational Meetlngl Golden Key NHS 
invtt. .. members, MW and old, to lis fIrat 
mMCIIlg of the yNf at Round Table PIzza. 
FI'M pizza and drinks will be provided . 
MleItng II on 0c:t0bIr 3 @ &pm. 
au-ll0i_? Cd Brian @ 454-5297 

... 

ARAB CULTURAL CLUB ~ 
Club's first meeting of the quarterl Come 
and join us for a great social gathering with 
snacks at the Berkeley Room. We" DIscuss 
major upcoming evenIal 
Questions? Cal Mal @ 458-9783 

VOLUNTEER CoNNEcnoN 
General Information Meetingl Please come ..,--
and fInd 'out about .. the community MrvIce 
opportunltlea available to you throughout 
San DIego CountyII VoIumeer- It teeIa Goodl 
Thursday, October 5 @ 5pm 
GaIety B @ the Pric:e c:.m.r 
Questions? Call 534-1414 

FRIENDS UNDERITAHDING NEEDI . 
F.U.N. 

Informational meeting 
Tuesday, October 4, 5:00 - 8:00 PM, 

~room 
hltereated in wortdng with Idda? Friendl 
UndetatMding NMda is looking for ~ 
catId mentors to help tutor 1ocaI5Ih and ... 
grIIde at-riak kIda _ WIII_ to piI1IcIpIIe in 
FUN actiYItiea wIIh,lIce going to the S.D. Zoo 
and Sea Wortd. 
For men tntormatIon, cal Pam .. 534-1414 

-



( 

24 SPORTS 

TEDDLADD 

Al(most) 
Del Greco' 

The clocks have all 
stopped. Darkness has fallen 
across the land. The seas are 

• stained red with blood. People 
scurry back into their homes 
like little, frightened animals. 
As with Caesar's demise, 
Nature signals the unsettling 
future. 0, how the mighty have 
fallenl 0, woe to all in this 
miserable 'existence! 

The world seems to be 
quickly approaching the end, 
and why? What is the reason 
for all this pain? For whom is 
all this suffering taking place? 
One reason rises above the 
rest. One reason can explain all 
this tumultuous turmoil. 

AI Del Greco missed. 
Yes, AI Del Greco - a 

former carpenter and without 
question, the greatest football 
player of the modem era -
missed the potential game-
winning field goal in 
yesterday's electrifying 
contest, lifting the Jacksonville 
Jaguars over the Houston 
Oilers, 17-16. It was the first 
win in the Jaguars ' yotlng 
history, and it came at the 
expense of a brave and 
powerful man. 

Here's how it all happened: 
Days before kickoff, insiders 
knew this game would be 
exciting, action-packed and '-
most of all- crucial come 
playoff-time. 

Jacksonville (1-3), sporting 
'its high-powered, fiesty 
offense, was facing off with 
Houston's (1-3) scrappy 
attack. The Jaguars had the 
mighty Steve Buerlein at the 
helm, while the Oilers had 
Chris Chandler and, of course, 
AI Del Greco. 

80th teams traded shots 
early in the game. Houston 
repeatedly gave tbe ball to - I 
can't remember his name -
for big gains, wbile the Jaguars 
often passed to some guy with 
a black jersey who played for a 
junior college close to where I 
used to live in Dallas. 

In any case, the Oilers' 
offensive juggernaut looked 
untouchable. Del Greco 
connected for beautiful field 
goal after beautiful field goal, 
as the Oilers stormed out to an 
early lead. But because 
Houston is made up of players 
other than AI Del Greco -
and not just a bunch of AI Del 
Greco clones - Jacksonville 
stormed back. 

This set up the fateful 
situation late in the fourth 

See DB. GRECO, Page 18 

The UCSD 0uardiaD Monday, October 2, 1995 

Regals Crowned ••• for Now 
NOW AND LAtER: Cal Lu beat UCSD 
Sunday, but ,the Tritons will be healthy, 
and ready for revenge, at NCAAs 
By D.n Krllft 
Sports Editor 

Juggling: the art of keeping sev-
eral objects in the air at the same 
time by alternately tossing and 

catching them. 
Or, in the case of 

UCSD Volleyball ' 
Head Coach Doug 
Dannevik; the art of 
guiding an injury 
riddled Triton squad 
to second-place in the 

_ ... --- 1995-Mizuno Invita-
tiona 1 Volleyball Tournament 
hosted by UCSD. 

Dannevik spent most of the tour-
nament shuttling players in and out 
of games in order to preserve the 
health of his banged-up starters. 
With returning all-Americans Chris-
tine Chi and Angelle Crochet, as 
well as starting setter Sherine Ebadi, , 
available on a limited basis, it took 
some nifty legwork by the Tritons 
to put their best team on the floor for 
the big matches. 

The Tritons' only loss of the 
weekend came in the final and de-
ciding mat~h of the tourney, when 
UCSD took bn the West Region's 
number one-ranked team, Califor-
nia Lutheran. After four sets of hard-
fought volleyball, the Regals pre-
vailed to earn the Mizuno title. 

The Tritons were beaten down in 
the early going, and trailed 9-1 mid-
waytbroughgameone. UCSDmarf- . 
aged to tum the tide and was within 
three points at 13-10, when middle 

blocker Shannon 
N~n,an managed to tap 
a low ,set over the net in 
fr,ont of the Regal 
blockers. However, 
UCSD could get no 
closer and fell, 1,5-10. 
, The second game 
was much of the same 
scenario, but this time 
in reverse. It was the 
Tritons who raced to 
an early 9-1 advantage 
before relaxing. 

UCSD was scoring 
points with ease early 
in the game, as senior 
outside hitter Kelly 
McGlothlin, who 
amassed 21 kills in the 
match, tallied points 
from all angles with her 
booming spikes. 

But the mid-game 
Triton 'lapse enabled 

th~ Regals to rally from 
13-4 down to within 
ft.-o points at 14-12. 
Luckily for UCSD, a 
Cal Lu miscue ended 
it, 15-12. 

Game three was eas-
ily the gem of the 
match, as the two 
squads battled neck-
and-neck throughout. KIller: Kelly McGlothlin grimaces as she pounds one of her 21 kills vs. Cal Lu. 
The Tritons were trailing by two, 
11-9, wben Dannevik signalled for 
a timeout to rally his troops. The 
move paid dividends, and UCSD 

reeled off four consecutive points, 
including an impressive stuff by Chi 
and all-tournament selection 
Madelyn Ripken. Other key plays 

were a cross-c:ourt smash by junior 
Mieke ~iesheuvel (also an all-tour-
nament team member) and a service 

See CAL W, Page 15 ' . 

UCSD Goes Two and Out at NorCal 

Surrender: Mike Nalu and UCSD lost both 
games at the NorCal tournament on Saturday. 

ROAD WOES: The Tritons fell to Long Beach, 12-6, and UC 
Berkeley, 16-6, at the NorCal Tournament on Saturday afternoon 
ByDMSW ..... ' 
Senior Staff Writer 

UCLA, Cal, Stanford, Pepperdine, UCSB, 
Long Beach State, and UC Davis. To the un-
trained eye, these names seem to be those of 

respected California universi-
ties. But these institutions have 
something deeper in common 
- all boast prestigious water 
polo programs. 

This past weekend, UCSD 
joined these schools in Berkeley 
for the annual Northern Califor-
nia Water Polo Toumament. The 

two-day tourney highlights the nation's top 
collegiate water-polo teams. 

UCSD entered the toumey looking to tum 

around what has been a rough-and-tumble sea-
son. Road games, in particular, have been a sore 
spot, and Triton Head Coach Denny Harper and 
his team were looking to buck this cuneDt trend. 

Instead, due in part to an extremely tough 
draw, the team lost three of four games. From 
the outset, the Tritons knew it wu going to be a 
tough weekend. Their first pairing wu with 
seventh-ranked Long Beach, a squad that nar-
rowly defeated them at home a week ago. How-
ever, this week, UCSD had the added disadvan-
tage of playing without star two-meter man 
Mike Nalu. 

At the beginning of the match, though, it 
appeared that UCSD had finally figured out the 
4gers. After the fint quarter of action, the Tri-

See lEACHED, Paae 18 

THE WEEK AHEAD INSIDE SPORTS 

w ...... ' ... ooer: 
Mon., Oct. 2, at Azusa Pacific University, 7 p.m. 

w .... '. Vol..,.....: 
Tue., Oct. 3, at Point Lama Nazarene, 7:30 p.m. 

Wed., Oct. 4, vs. Cal State Bakersfield at RIMAC, 7 p.m. 

_ero.. 
c.1ItrJ: 
The Triton men 
and women 
both came in 
10th at the 
Stanford 
Invitational this 
weekend. 

•• W __ '. 
.. coer: 
UCSO travelled 
to l.A. and 
trounced a 
young CSU-Los 
Angeles, 3-0, 
on Thursday 
evening. 


