
.• ;t ~1 =l'.'J: l:t ,1 =-
AIDS Researcller 
Aw."'" $UO,ooo 
LOS ANGELES - UCLA 
Researcher Jerome Zack 
recently received the Elizabeth 
Glaser Scientist award for his 
work at the UCLA AIDS 
Institute. TIle award was created 
by the Pediatric AIDS Founda-
tion in honor of the late 
Elizabeth Glaser, who founded 
the organization. Zack, one of 
five recipients of the award, will 
use the funds to research how 
the thymus, a gland composed 
of human lymphoid tissues, 
affects immune-system 
development. His research 
applies to pediatric AIDS 
because the thymus is most 
active in newboms and children. 

- The Daily Bruin 

irvine Cops Charged 
WIth ........... 
fRVINE, Calif. - The UC 
Irvine Ombudsman's Office 
has received more than half a 
dozen complaints against the 
Irvine and Newport police 
departments for harassment 
within the past five months. 
Many of the complaints were 
filed by Asian-American UCI 
students who say they were 
unfairly singled out as gang 
members because of their 
appearance and the types of 
cars they drove. None of the 
complaints have been against 
the university police depart-
ment, according to UCI 
Ombudsman Ron Wilson. 

- The New University 

Shooting at 
Party Injure. Two 
PALO ALTO, Calif. - Two 
men were shot Saturday night 
at a Stanford University 
fundrai ser sponsored by the 
Delta Theta sorority. Wit-
nesses said a man pulled out a 
gun some time before II p.m., 
firing his gun once, hilling one 
person in the hand and another 
in the leg. Although sorority 
members quickly ended the 
party, several people were 
beaten in the ensuing brawl 
before the police could arrive. 
Stanford Police Chief Marvin 
Herrington said he could not 
recall anything of thi s 
magnitude happening ill 
Stanford since the mass 
protests of the I 970s. 

- The Stanford Daily 

_1~~~I·l_. 

JAZZ 
HIATUS: UCSD music 
Professor George Lewis 
performs at Mandeville 13 

OPINION: Would Ralph 
Nader make a good 
president? 4 

SPORT.: UCSD women 's 
basketball dunks Christian 
Heritage, 57-51 24 

, H • u 

UCSANDIEGO THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 15, 1996 

In 1961, after almost 20 years oj sen/ice in both the ve 
system and in the VS. government, cfJr.Jierbert ji', J?ork 
was appointed the first chancellor oJVGScfJ. In an inter-
view with the Guardian, J?ork reflected on both his titne 
as chancellor and the current 
system. 

c 5 D 

VOLUME 87, ISSUE 12 

Second Phase 
Of Genesee 
Renovation 
Begins 
RESTRlcnON: North side of 
Genesee limited to one lane 
Monday through Friday 
By Chris Schreiber 
Staff Writer 

The second phase of the City of San Diego's 
street-renovation projcct commenced Monday 
moming with the re 'lriction of the westbound side 
of Genesee Avenue to one lane . . 

The lane restriction begins east ,of John Jay 
Hopkins Drive, is in effect Monday'through Fri-
day from 9:30am. t04:30p.m and will last several 
month . 

The first phase of the construction began over 
the Winter Break and involved moving the north-
emmost campus entrance farther south on North 
Torrey Pines Road. 

The North Torrey Pines/Genesee intersection 
will be closed starting June I for the third phase of 
the construction, which is expected to last several 
months . The intersection will not only be 
reconfigured to ease the traffic flow - it will also 
be upgraded to current San Diego County safety 
speci fications. 

According to City of San Diego Matistic ,more 
than 30,000 cars travel on Genesee Avenue each 
day, and the number is rising every year. 

'The whole project is scheduled for comple-
tion in March 1997," said Project Manager Joe 
Castaneda, an associate civil engineer with the 
City of San Diego. 

Castaneda said the purpose of the project is to 
reduce the amount of traffic congestion in the area 
by widening the streets, changing the configura-
tion of the intersection and moving the campus 
entrance. 

The 'ingle-Iane restriction on Genesee A venue 
is to give work crews an easier time grading and 
widening the road, as well as give room to con-
struct a retaining wall. Westbound traffic wi ll 
likely face delays and stoppages. 

The city had originally planned for the re-
stricted section of Genesee to be closed off en-
tirely, but complaints from UCSD and the sur-
rounding community convinced city officials to 
challge their plans. The ci ty, however, said its 
original plan had never called for complete road 
closure, and that such a possibility had simply been 
a misunderstanding. 

''This is a city plan, and we have to do our best 
See DELAY, Page 8 

UCSD Student Employees Stage Teach-in to Increase Visibility 
RALLY: ASEIUAW 
seeks union recognition 
from university 
By Grace Jan. 
Staff Writer 

The Association of Student Em-
ployees/Union of Auto Workers 
(ASElUA W) group conti nued itsef-
forts to gain University recognition 
Wednesday by "making their labor 
visible" with a teach-in and rally at 
the Price Center. 

"We are teaching out in public 
because the university claims that 
we are not employees, but '(u -
dents," ASE staff member Kate 
Burns said . "We' re working all 
the time here, and we deserve the 
same democratic representation 
that other employees on campus 
gel." 

UCSD Vice Chancellor of Re-
searchlDean of Graduate Studies 
Richard Auiyeh said teaching assi s-
tants are considered by the adminis-

See UNION, Page 9 

" 

Chuck Nluyen/ Guardian 
Outdoors: Visual Arts TA Caroline Koebol conducts her section. 



2 NEWS 

Pulling Pints and 
Teaching English 
OVERSEAS: Work Abroad Program allows 
students to immerse themselves in culture 
Byu .... Lamb 
Guardian Reporter 

to Europe but never thought I could 
afford it. 

UCSD students who dream of 
experiencing other cultures but feel 
that travelling abroad would be too 
expensive can now fulfill their 
dreams through the Work Abroad 
Program. 

'The Work Abroad Program al-
lowed me to support myself while 
real I y being pan of the culture," she 
added. "It was definitely !he experi-
ence of a lifetime." 

Seminar leader Keith Yazmir, a 
The nonprofit 

Council on Interna-
tional Educational 
Exchange (CIEE) 
Work Abroad Pro-
gram allows college 
students from across 
the United States to 
work in a foreign 
country for three 
months tosix months. 
Fifty UCSD students 
worked abroad last 
year through the pro-
gram, joining 6,000 
total students from 
the United States. 

Countries partici-
pating in the program 
include Australia, 
Canada, Costa Rica, 
France, Germany, 
Ireland, Jamaica. 
New Zealand and 
Britain. Britain 'spro-
gram draws the most 
students, as ex-
ampled by its 4,000 
participants in 1994. 

Most students 
work for II weeks 
during their summer 
breaks, though sev-
eral countries allow 
students to work 
throughout the year. 

The majority of 
students work in ser-
vice- or tourist-re-
lated jobs, from tu-
toring English in 

"To say It 
broadened my 
horizons I. a 
heavily cllchid 
understatement. 
All my life I 
have W.MeII to 
'0 to Europe 
but never thou_ I could 
afford n. the 
\Volt( Abroad 
Program 
• llowed me to 
support myself 
while really 
bel ... part of 
the culture. " 

-BethC .. man 
Former Participant 

CIEE representa-
tive, said one of 
the benefits of 
working abroad is 
thedeeperimmer-
sion in foreign 
culture !he student 
receives. as com-
pared to simply 
traveling or study-
ing in !he country. 

" It provides 
those who can't 
afford to travel 
with means to 
support them-
selves while see-
ing the world," 
Yazmir said. 

The program 
also gives partici-
pants practical 
experience, which 
"stand[s) out on a 
resume, regard-
less of one's fu-
turecareer goals," 
Yazmir added. 

Finding a job 
takes approxi-
mate[ytwoweeks 
after arrival, with 
80 percent of 
Work Abroad par-
tici pants succeed-
ing within eight 
day s. Ninety-
eightpercentofall 
students in the 

Work Abroad Program program eventu-
ally secure a job. 

Paris tdbanending in London pubs. 
Professional companies, such as le-
gal or financial firms, occasionally 
offer paid internships, but such jobs 
are more difficult to find. 

Working abroad benefits not only 
the participants, but also the foreign 
businesses for which they work, 
Yazmir said. 

The Work Abroad Program as-
sists students in securing the neces-
sary legal permission to work over-
seas through cooperation with recip-
rocal programs in other countries. ' 

"To say it broadened my hori-
zons isaheavily cliched understate-
ment," said Beth Claman, a UC stu-
dent who worked in Paris last sum-
mer. "All my life I have wanted to go 

CLARIFICATION: 

See WORK, Page 8 

• In reference to a Feb. 12. 1996 article ("Volleyball Players Say 
Dannevik May Have Been Forced Out"), the players quoted were 
Christine Chi, Angelle Crochet and Bonnie Kelly. 

ERRATUM: 
• In reference to a Feb. 8, 1996 article ("Affirmative-Action Support 
Slips In UCSD FacultY Poll"), the Roper Center does not refer to itself 
as a "conservative publlc-opinion research group.· 

"" \JCSI)~ ........... MoodIrIIIId """"'" CUq ... ..-.. ,.-11\'''' """. ._oIUCSD.~oI .... _ .. snrbm._ .. _or .. PI'I.witIIoIII 
_ .... ICIICIIr..-·.l_ ........ _.TIIe~_lInoI_ .. 

, " . '" 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, February IS, '1996 

ETCETERA ... -

l' ~ ,t-I <S>'~' 91 HE~~ ~~G~~6 
THE MANY MOODS OF 80B DOLE 

BRIEFLY ••• 

Scripps Oceanographer Honored 
Joseph Reid, professor emeritus of physical oceanog-

raphy at the Scripps Institution of Oceanography. recently 
received the Henry Stommel Research Award from the 
Council of the American Meteorological Society. 

Reid was honored for "fundamental contributions to a 
quantitative understanding of the global ocean circulation 
based on detailed analysis of hydrographic observations.· 

Known for his study of surface and subsurface circula-
tion in the PacifIC, Atlantic and Indian Oceans, Reid has 
been affiliated with SIO since he was a graduate student 
there in 1948 and served as director of SIO's Marine Ufe 
Research Group from 1974 to 1987. 

WrIter Jam .. Fallow. to alve 
Fr .. Talk Feb. 22 at IR/PS 

Writer, editor and political Commentator James Fal-
lows will discuss his new book, "Breaking the News: 
How the Media Undermine American Democracy,· in a 
free public lecture at4:30p.m., Feb. 22. in the Robinson 
Auditorium at the Graduate School of International 
Relations and Pacific Studies. 

Fallows will discuss what he believes has gone wrong 
with the American media establishment and what can 
be done about it. The discussion will be followed by a 
question-and-answer session, a book-signing and com-
mentary by several UCSD professors. 

Fallows Is the Washington editor of the Atlantic 
Monthly and Is the author of several award-winning 
books. 

Reservations are recommended. For more informa-
tion, call 534-1465 by Feb. 20. 

Hubbard Street Dance Chicago to 
Perform Feb. 24-25 

The Hubbard Street Dance Chicago will perform its 
unique combination of theatrical jau, contemporary 
dance and classical ballet at Spreckels Theater at 8 
p.m. on Feb. 24-25. 

Hubbard Street Dance Chicago 's repertoire includes 
wor1<s bywortd-class choreographers Twyla Tharp, Daniel 
Ezralow, Bob Fosee and Margo Sappington. 

Founded in 1977, the group of four women gave its 
first public performance at a senior citizens' home. 
Today, the c~d ensemble of internationally acclaimed 
dancers performs for over 150,000 people annually. 

Tickets range from $ 26 to $36 for general admission 
and from $21 to $31 for UCSD students and staff. 

a ..... Miller Orchestra To 
Perform Feb. 28 at Price Center 

The famous big band, Glenn Miller Orchestra, will 
perform Feb. 28 at 8 p.m. in the Price Center Ballroom. 
Under the direction of trombonist Larry O'Brien, the 19-
member band plays original Glenn Miller arrangements 
as well as modem pieces. 

Glenn Millerwas a successful dance-band leader in the 
swing era of the 19305 and 1940s. During the height of his 
popularity in 1942. Miller disbanded the group, volun-
teered for the army and organized the Glen Miller Air Force 
Band to entertain the servicemen in Europe. 

Tickets are $20 for general admission and $15 for 
students and are available at the UCSD Box Office. 

DAN SWEENEY, Features Editor 
BRENT JOHNSON, Opinion Editor 

DEREIl VAN HOFTEIII, Associate Opinion EdItor 
DAN KRAFT, Sports Editor 

TYI'\IT: Janet Eom 

SEAN RAHIMI, Associate Sports Editor 
JEFF NIUIL, Hiatus Editor 

YAKOV ZOlOTOREV, Photo Editor 
CHUCK NGUYEN, Associate Photo Editor 
HEIDI MUZHIK, Associate Photo Editor 

DOMINIC LOUIA, Graphics Editor 
BRENNA LATHAM, Design Editor 

AOVIIInliNG AIIIITANT: Cheryl Sasto 
clIICUlAnOlll UlllTANTI: Ken Chin. Pablo l14anguy. Christine Pafford . 
Stefanle Stock. ~ymel Tenar 

ANN BAREFIELD, Advertising Manager 
BOB DeANDREA, BUSiness Office MIJnater 

MIKE MARTINEZ, Art Director 
RlTHYA TANG, Asst. BUSiness Manager 
JOHN BARBER, Ad Layout and Design 

JOE PAN, GraphIC Designer ""tIIt_oI_lII_orM. ",, __ sed 10"",,,, """' ... 
or ........... doIlOlIllCllWllr ......... Ihe_oI TIle UCSD~tIIe\JllNetllly 
01 C_ or tile _III _. Il1o UCSO ~ II _1oIofY 111-..... 
And tNt·, _ to mo. 

KIIOIIITAFf' WIIfTIIII: Peler Ching. Mlrianne VI&lI 
Editorial : 534-6581. I\Iews/Features: 534-5226. 
Opinion/Sports: 534-6582. Hiatus: 53<4-6583 

euslness Office: 534-3466. Fax: 534·7691 
e·mail : luardi"'UCSd.edu TIDD LADD, Editor In Chief llMOM MILLIII, CIHIatIBf/nf Editor 

ANNA WAllMAN, C~." .. 1nt Editor 
SCOTT "ADD, Copy Editor 

JOHIII MUIIPIIY, Associate Copy Editor 
IVAN DlLYINTIIAL, New. Editor 

TIItItY LaW, A.uocl8le News Editor 

1TAFf' WIIITIIII: Bill Glanzman. Mary Hfalns. GrdCtl Jang. MattheW 
Kellnowskl. Kllthtee" Lytle . Mind Patel. Nath," PlatH •• Kavlt8 Sadana. 
Chris Scn18lber. Jane TeytOf. _tu Valshn ... Vanessa Vance. Eslher Yoo" 
IUUlTlIATOIII: Ale. Ann. Heronle Mok. MIke lOay. Luthi uany.Mlller. Ray 
Ruddy. Rich Yumul 
........ : M_cUl LOObIa 

~: Andrew Chen. Jlnnlfer Hilt. AlII Maclsue. Hanh Nt..,.... M .... PlltterlO". Je .. 1e Thenlault. £stella Vlllacorta 
WDMAITIII: Jim SerIO 

GuardIan Online: http;//www.uCSd.edU/luardlan 
UCSD Guanllan, 9500 Gilman Drive 0316, 

La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 
Ac,u.llocat,on: Second Floor. UCSD Studenl Con, .. Bu"",", ·A·. Rm. 217 

Th~rsday, Fcbruary 15, 1996 The UCSD Guardian 

A.S. Low on Funds; No C.H.E.S.S. 
DEBATE: Council also 
discusses referendum, 
search committee 
By EstherYoon 
Staff Writer 

As a result of the AS.'sdwindling 
General Unallocated (GU) budget, 
A.S. Council members voted against 
funding a student congregation to at-
tend the upcoming California Higher 
Education Student Summit 
(C.H.E.S.S.) at last night 's "ouncil 
meeting. 

The A.S. Office of External Af-
fairs - which sponsored the highly 
debated item - requested $1 ,450 in 
funding tocoverregistrat ion and travel 
expenses for the C. H.E.S.S. confer-
ence,scheduled for Feb. 23 to Feb. 25. 

According to A.S. Vice President 
of External Affairs Brian Dowd, the 
requested $1,450 in lunding would 
have "barely covered" ex pen es in-
curred by the C.H.E.S.S. congrega-
tion. 

" !l's not an external affairs bud-
gel.. .. Every year, hi torically, (the 
funding forC.HE.S.S.) comes out of 
GU," Dowd said. "Tn light of GU's 
depleted funds. we're taking half the 
money from [the student lobby ac-
count) - an account that has nothing 
to do with this." 

"I can't possibly fathom this get-
ting any more bare-boned than it al-
ready is," Dowd added. 

According to A.S. Vice President 
of Finance Edmondo Robinson, 
$9,440 remain in the A.S.'s GU bud-
get, a sum which must last through 

June 31. 
"We have to prioritize with our 

allocation of the GU budget ... and it 
just doesn't seem right to take this 
funding out of GU because I can see 
other ways of doing this," Marshall 
Senior Senator Steve Oberman said. 

"We have a rule in finance that we 
give up to $350 to (organizations) for 
travel expenses," Oberman added. 
"We've turned away [organizations) 
who have requested a little more than 
that .... I don ' t think we should give 
preference to [the) A.S. over student 
organizations." 

However, A.S. President Naomi 
Falk said that the congregation for the 
C.H.E.S.S. conference would be rep-
resentative of the entire UCSD cam-
pus. 

"I think this is the most imponant 
thing that we send students to all year. 
Legislators come to this event, and 
gi ven Smith v. Regellfs [which en-
able students] to lobby, it's a won-
derful opportunity to participate in a 
dialogue with theCaliforniastategov-
ernment ," Falk said. 

"We recrui t and send students from 
all across the campus, so this is not 
necessari ly an AS. or an external 
affairs thing. We want a broad repre-
sentation of students," added Falk. 

AS. UCSA representativc Alex 
Tom also appealed for C.H.E.S.S. 
funding. 

"I just wanted to point out that 
Smith is in the process of being over-
turned, so we might be able to lobby 
our legislators," Tom said. 

"Seeing them face to face and talk-
ing to them about issues uch as fees 

and financial aid is important.. .. II's 
germane to all stude~ts," he added. 

In other A.S. Council news. 
councilmembers discussed the impli-
cations of a new srudent-activity fee 
referendum. 

Revellesenior and sports-club par-
ticipant Devon Shea - who worked 
with intramural-spons, intercolle-
giate- pons and club-spons represen-
tatives to develop the new referen-
dum - presented the breakdown of 
the referendum to the A.S. Council. 

The $29.50 per-quarter referen-
dum - which, according to Shea, "i 
not set in stone" - will direct $20 for 
intercollegiate sports; $2 for intramu-
ral sports; $3 for club sports; and a 
$4.50 increase in fees for the AS .. if 
the council votes in favor of inclusion 
on the referendum. 

Shea addressed the "urgency" of 
soliciting funding for inten.:ollegiate 
athletics. 

"Right now. intercollegiates are 
running on reserved funds, and iflhey 
don't get this money,they'regoing to 
have to considerculting sports," Shea 
said. 

Later in the meeting, Falk an-
nounced her resignation as the only 
undergraduate representati ve to the 
Chancellor Search Committee, due to 
schedu ling connicts. 

[n her place, Falk appointed 
Marshall junior Coleen Sabatini to 
the seareh committee. 

"Coleen Sabatini worked with the 
last two chancellors on the women' s-
center proposal, and I trust that she 
knows chancellors and criteria for 
choosing a next chancellor," Falk said. 

GnRlx Lowest Prices in Town ... Guaranteed! . , 
DIS(OUNT BEAUTY 

SUPPLY &. SALON 
We'll Beat Any Competitor's Prices. 

pius 
All Major Profeilional Hair Care Lin •• 
Including: • Nf:XXUe • KM6 

YORK: Diversity 
was also a key issue 
in the early days 
Continued from Pille 1 
always done so well in terms of 
various measures of research qual-
ity. Also, the level of academic 
excellence has gone up - but we 
started that way, and we staned 
that way with a purpose. 
What were some of the long-
term goals you Ht when you 
were chcn:elor at UCSD? 

In addition to being as good a~ 
we possibly could be in terms of 
research and graduate education, 
we were al 0 detern1ined te be a 
gcner,iI campus of the University of 
California with a fu ll complement 
of undergraduates, undergraduate 
activities and so on. So, we started 
With an emphasis on graduate work, 
but it was always the intention to 
have a major undergraduate pro-
gram like the kind we've got [now I. 
There were also specific things. like 
building a medical school. But the 
main long-tenn goals were to build 
a general campus of the University 
of California with the highest qual-
ity we could. 
What were some of the 
greatest challenges you faced 
as UCSD chancellor? 

Basically, recrui ting the Faculty 
was the greatest challenge. In some 
cases, we lucked out fairly early and 
got the people we wanted wi thout 
anawfullotofeffon. [n other cases, 
it took years and years to get the 
people whom we wanted. Wedidn' t 
have any particular way of recruit-
ing faculty. The people already hcre 

NEWS 3 

used !heir academic connections, and 
we got a lot of advice and help from 
other campuses of the university, 
professors on other campuses and 
even from some of the research in-
stitutions around the state. 
How have the student and 
faculty populations at UCSD 
and In the UC system changed 
over the years? 

There's been a slow evolution 
rather than any startling changes. 
The biggest changes came in the 
way of expectations, because we 
ex peeted when we were starting back 
in 1960 that by now we'd be ap-
proaching 27,000 students instead 
of 18,000. What happened is that 
we, and everybody else, simply got 
the demographics wrong. The esti-
mates of how many students there 
should be at UCSD. and how many 
would wanllocome here were fairly 
logical mistakes. But the students. 
as far as I'm concerned. are good 
students, and that 's what we always 
expected and hoped for. 
What were the things you 
emphasized when UCSD was 
just being started? 

There were tWQ things: One was 
to have a high level of excellencc in 
the academic work, and the other 
was to build a campus of more or 
less this size to serve the residents of 
the state of California at the under-
graduate level and the WUI III at large 
at the graduate level. ' 
Old you place a high emphasis 
on diversity In the early days of 
UCSD? 

Some of the controversy at the 
time was reminiscent of what we 
have today in questions of aflirma-

See YORK, Page 3 

• ~UL MtTCHt!I.1. • Zf:RRAN • TRI 
• SORBIt! • L.ANZA • !.OGICS 
• TlGI • H~ST£Y .610G£HOI. 
• JOtCO • PAUl. BROWN • REOK£H 
• AB8A • IM~Gf! • M~TRIX 
• MURAD (Skin care) • SEBASTIAN (Hair care/make up) 

H.II ProduCts 
cosmetiCS 
Hair AccessorfN 

SldnC-
Yes, Really FREE CHECKING 

until the year 20001* 
7770 Regents Rd. 

_ !yons Center) 
554·0608 

519 University Ave. 
(Just off 5th in Hillcrest) 

294-2050 
Hour.: M-F 10-7, Sat. 10-7, 

Suo. 11~ 

5 Cours -
Starti l 
in Feb 

9 
ruary 

UNIVERSITY 
OF 

; ....•. ... . __ . __ .. .. .. _ •. .. .. _ .. .•.... CALIFORNIA 
: SAN DIEGO 

Learn from 
the best! 

For more information CALL 622-5740 or email infotechOucsd.edu. 
Check out our Web Catalog at http:/www-esps.ucsd,edu 

' 1 

• NO Minimum BALANCE! 
-

• NO Monthly Service charge! 
-

• NO per-check charge with 
- Unlimited Check Writing 

• UNTIL the year 2000* 
JJ11en you open your FREE atECKlNG IICCOIIIJI rdllllIIIId of Commerce, 

you aulomlltlcally fJlUllify ,or .. ATM ClInt with 
NO TRANSACJ10N CJlAR6ES, by BIIU of CoIrMwree, flllI"Y worldwide 

network ATM. And you IIt'e rHIeotM ,,, _,.Iobby any lime! 

Golden lliangle 
4338 La Jolla Village Drive 

455-0261 

La Jolla 
7877 Ivanhoe Avenue 

551-8488 

San Diego 
232·6213 

DelMar 
755·1160 

S(ripps Ranch 
536·4500 

Temecula 
(909) 694-8566 

fl., III r I ,I, I , I,' /1 I I' ,Pl I I ,', I ,/ " I " 

\ , I II '/1/ ' j \ I I I ( 1/,' 'I' I \ II " 



4 OPINION 

EDITORIALS 
EdltorllJl BoIJI'd 

TEDO LADD, EdItor in Chief 
ANNA VAJSMAN, Co-M8Ile&ln& Editor 
SIMONE MILlER, <»Managing Edhor 

BRENT JOHNSON, OpInion Edhor 
TERRY LEW, Associate News Edhor 

TIle UCSD __ .. 1IUIIIi __ • _ 101 the u.-aHr 01 c.II_, San '*"', <:eft_I 
01_, ____ ~ the mljorily WIle of the adotorIoi -.t, and are not 
_...., _ 01 .. uc _ 01 .......... !he ASUCSO. 110< the anti,. _lUll. 

CIagIng Studellts for DIaJ.In 
Shows Shorlsighted VIsIon 

It seems everything at UCSD has a fee these days. As ( 
students, we pay fees for RIMAC and for student organiza-
tions. We pay fees for classes and for parking - not to men-
tion fees for registration, club sports and Student Health, \,. 

And now, administrators in UCSO's Academic Computing 
Services (ACS) department want to charge dial-in fees when 
students check their e.mail or cruise along the information 
supemighway. 

Administrators' reasons for doing so are seemingly valid. 
UCSO has a horrendous l-t0-37 modem-to-user ratio (an ideal 
number is l-to-I2). Over 11,000 users fight their way onto only 
300llvailable modems. The system desperately needs an 
upgrade; UCSD clearly needs more modems. 

But like so many other problems on this campus, simply 
racking up yet another fee is not the solution. ACS needs to 
wor1c with the UCSD administration to restructure the current 
Educational Fee, so as to include free dial-in access for stu-
dents. In other words, let's pay for an upgrade out of the 
enonnously high fees we already pay. UCSO's dire modem 
situation should not be seen as an opPortunity to milk students 
for more money, but rather as an incentive to wort faster. 

Over 150 public and priVale universities around the country 
give their students free dial-in access. Some schools, such as 
Wake Forest University, are even issuing its students free 
computers.1bese universities have shown enough vision to 
realize that the Internet is a fundamental educational resource. 
Why can't UCSO? 

New A.S. Fe. Referendum 
Is Pure Political Hypocrisy 

"Affordability," "accessability," "down with fee hikes" -
these are just a few of the catchphrases floating around the 
Associated Students offices this year. And rightly so. The 
already high costs of going to public institutions, such as 
UCSD, are mounting daily. 

W,ilh alilhis metoric in support of lowering the fee barrier, 
you'd think the A.S. would be worting to achieve these ends. 

Wrong. 
An overwhelming majority of our out-of-touch A.S. Council 

members would now like to add almost $30 to a litany of fees 
we aJready pay. At last week's meeting, councilmembers 
discussed holding a referendum to add a $28.50 activity fee -
$28.50 each quarter - to fund intercollegiate sports, intramu-
ral sports, club sports and A.S.-sponsored student activities. 
That's $28.50, in addition to our $13.50 Student Activity Fee, 
Our registration fee, our education fee and our RIMAC fees. 

This new referendum is outrageous. Intercollegiate sports is 
not - we repeat, not- the responsibility of the general 
student body. UCSO is a Division m school wilh its own 
athletic budget. We don't have big-time sports, and we cer-
tainly don't have big-time attendance. Education, not athletics, 
has always been - and should always be - UCSO's priority. 

In this era of rising costs for higher education, asking the 
students to foot a large bill for UCSD's Division m athletic 
programs, secondary club sports teams and mediocre A.S. 
activities is nothing short of political hypocrisy. 

Thumbs Down to the 
UC Board of Regents ... 

.. .for even considering spending over $400,000 for renova-
tions/repairs to the UC JftSiUent' s house. The costs would 
be financed by a "non-state fund source." However, the 
president can afford to buy his own home and repair it with 
his own money. And Ihe money from the "soun;c" would be 
f. better spent on the university itself. 

~ 

The UCSD Guardian Tlwnday, February IS; 1996 

PINION 

RALPH NADER OFFERS THE 
BEST CHANCE FOR CHANGE 

COMMENTARY: Green Party's candidate has a history of societal 
reforms, all in the name of serving the people's best interests 
By Rod ... Rose 
Contributing Opinion Writer 

Ralph Nader, the veteran political activist, has 
recently entered the presidential race. Nader, who 
is one of the most principled candidates running, is 
a pragmatist. His campaign shows a 101 about what 
we can and can'l expec.:l from the current political 
system, and why he stands alone a'S an opportunity 
for change. 

Nader's integrity is his besl quality. He has never 
been a politician, and he avoids making any prom-
ises he can't keep. He lives simply and uses almost 
all of his earnings 10 fund public-
advocacy groups. 

He is also hard -working. The 
groups he has founded in the past are 
financially sound, as opposed to 
most non-profit organizations. He 
refuses to hire anyone unless he 
promises to pul in the same long 
hours for low pay as he does. 

although some opponents say his refusal to compro-
mise is his worst fault, this "fault" has redefined how 
government and certain corporations work . It has 
kept dangerous chemicals under control, has made 
it easier for citizens to obtain information from the 
government, and has made it possible to sue manu-
facturers if they do not make safe products. 

Nader appears to have mixed feelings about gov-
ernment. He believes the only way to prevent pow-
erful people from taking advantage of the average 
person is Ihrough laws and the courts. But he doesn't 
trust politicians to make or enforce good laws. On 

the contrary, he acknowledges that 
most politicians are in bed with spe-
cial-interest groups. 

Yet he believes in the effective-
ness of public pressure - evidenced 
by his urging citizens to organize and 
speak out about laws that are need~d, 
laws that aren't, and laws that need 
10 be more rigorously enforced. 

Nader does tend to limit the scope 
of the issues in which he is involved. 
He doesn't tackle huge problems, 
like people starving in Brazil. In-
stead, he focuses on manageable 
cases, such as when the public at 

Nailer knows 
quHe a lot 
about how tile 

For the last 15 years, Nader has 
concentrated on political reform in 
the states and smaller communities. 

large is scammed by an industry or cou ........ works 
branch of government - then, he •• - , 

''The quest for political leader-
ship," ~e says, "must be a quest not 
for crowns, but for roots. These roots 
are found throughout society at the 
community or neighborhood level, in 
small-scale leaders who take' their 
democratic rights and obligations 
seriously enough to become active 
citizens." 

tries to bring people together to cor-
rect the problem. 

Often, this simply entails finding 
what is wrong and letting people 
know about it. His organization has 
published numerous books, such as 
What To Do With YOllr Bad Car: All 
Actioll Manual, 10,289 Qllesriollable 
Doctors Disciplir.ed By Stares and 

and what needs 
to be cta.ced, 
despite Mver 
havt.been .. 
In ....... In 

Nader feels there aren' 1 enough of 
these roots yet for any president to 
make much difference. . 

"You go to Washington and you're 
surrounded by powers that can bring 
the country to a halt. The things our 
presidents are most passionate about, 

Pills Thar Don't Wort. 
As a result, Nader knows quite a 

lot about how the country works and 
what needs to be changed, despite never having been 
an insider in government or business. He seems to 
have a knack for seeing what is wrong, often before 
others do. When Clinton was inaugurated, Nader 
pointed out that the new president was an 
"lCComodationist" with "no political fortitude." 

Nader, on the other hand, doesn't accommodate 
anyone. When he believes lives are at stake, he in-
listl that changes be made as soon u possible. And 

ther can't accomplish. We can't get 
out of the rut until someone says, 'I want to be your 
leader, but I can't be unless we push togetherto get 
rid of the power brokers, .. ' Nader says. 

Because he believes strong community-level 
leadership is necessary for political change, Nader 
has refused offers to start a national campaign. In-
stead, he's agreed to run only in a few places -
including in the California Green Party primary in 

See NADIR, Page 5 

r 

Thursday, February 15,1996 ---. The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

COMMEMORATING BLACK HISTORY MONTH 

BLACKPANnffiRSONLYSOUGHTEMWO~RMENT 
By ~ •• n Lytle Wh~ was there such a strong re-
Staff Writer action to a group that J. Edgar Hoover 

In October 1%6, Huey P. Newton described as "hoodlum-type revolu-
and Bobby Seales founded the Black tionariesT The Black Panthers were 
Panther Party for Self-Defense in dangerous not because they were ex-
Oakland, Calif. Instituting free-break- !remist, but because they were revo-
fast programs, liberation schools, free lutionary. They simply demanded re-
medical care and strong anti-drug ini- dress for the U.S. government's vio-
tiatives, the Black Panther Party lations of black peoples' constilu-
(BPP) beeame dceply rooted in the tional rights and called for the soli-
black community. TIle phrase, "All darity of all Ihird-world peoples 
power comes from the people ," against fascism, racism and capital-
guided Panther policy and vision. ism. 

Although the media preferred to The BPP ubmHted a petition to 
present the party as a group of vio- the United Nalions demanding that 
lent extremists bem on anarchy and the "United Slates make reparations 
dcstruclion, the core of its programs 10 those who have suffered damages 
focused on serving and strengthening of racist and genocidal practices." 
the black community. This demand was based on the defi-

One of the party 's main objectives nilion of genocide used by the Gen-
was the prevention of police brutal- eral Assembly of the United Nations 
ilY, a problem whieh conlinues to at the 1948 Genocide Convenlion. 
plague our nation. Panthers exercised The petitition consisted of a 10-
their legal right to stand, usually poinl platform, the third point of 
anned, at a legal distance from arrests which s:.:.ted: "We want an cnd to the 
to monitor police behavior and infonn robbery by the white man of our black 
citizens of their rights when pulled community: We believe that the rae-
over by the police. ist government has robbed us and now 

In response to Black Panther po- we rare demanding the overdue debt 
lice patrols, the California State Lel- of 40 acres and two mules. Forty acres 
islature proposed legislation to make and two mules was promised 100 
BPPpolice-patrol activity illegal. Not Yea/} ago as restitution for slave la-
surprisingly, then-Gov. Ronald bor and mass murder of black people. 
Reagan did not believe in gun con- We will accept the payment in cur-
trol until educated black revolution- rency which will be distribuled to our 
aries obtained fireanns. many communities. 

But Reagan was not the only one ''The Gennans are now aiding the 
intimidated by the Black Panthers. A Jews in Israel for the genocide of lew-
1968 FBI memorandum outlined that ish people. The Germans murdered 
its counterintelligence effons against six million Jews. 
the BPP were to "neutralize militant ''The American racist has taken 
black nationalists" by preventing a part in the slaughter of over 50 mil-
"coalition of militant black national- lion black people; therefore we feel 
ist groups" and by crushing the emer- that it is a modest demand to make." 
gence of a leader "who might elec- The Black Panther Party demanded 
trit'y these violenl-prone elements." payment for the Black blood and 

NADER: A vote him. As the Wall Srreet Journal 
for him is better than recently stated, "Even a minimally funded Nader effort would end up 
no vote at all with three to five percent of the 

vote." The New York Times goes 
Continued from paee 4 further, predicting, "he might pull 
March . It's an event where orga- 10 percent or more." 
nizers are willing to build a cam- California is likely to be a fo-
paign from the bottom up. "The cal point in the presidential clec-
campaign," he says, "will be just tion, and Nader 's efforts will at-
as serious as citizens choose to tract a lot of pUblicity. He intends 
make it." to use the opportunity to criticize 

Nader is expected to win the current politicians and to encour-
Green primary 'easi Iy and make a age people to work for a better al-
significant showing in the Califor- ternative. 
nia gencral election. He'll attract For instance, Nader argues Ihat 
votes even as a minor candidate voters should be allowed to reject 
because people know and trust all candidates and vote for "None 

The Catholic Student Community 
invites you to 

Mass 
on 

Ash Wednesday 
(February 21st) 

12:10 PM -- Price Center Ballroom 

Reparations not 
only address the 
financial issues 
of war and the 
violation of 
constitutional 
rights, but are 
also a formal 
recognition that 
&trocHle. w.re 
committed. 
Am.rlca has yet 
to honestly deal 
with the I ..... of 
slav.ry and 
apartheid on Its 
own soli. 
sweat sacrificed in building this na-
tion," 

Though there was precedence for 
such reparations, demands by the 
Black Panthers were popularly mis-
construed as extremist. 

The United States' precedence 

Nad.r I. expected 
to win the Green 
primary easily 
and make a 
significant 
showing In the 
California g.neral 
election. 
of the Above." If enough voters did 
so, the candidates would be dis-
qualified and a new election would 
be held. There's no official way to 
do this now, but voting for Nader is 

with reparations abroad certainly jus- black imperialism or white oppression 
tifies the same at home. With the with black oppression. They did not 
Marshall Plan, the United States re- simply want to substitute white faces 
built Europe and Japan after World of injustice with black faces of injus-
War n. And, more recently, the. United tice. They sought revolution rooted in 
States paid damages to Japanese- justice for all . Such a vision'lhreatens 
Americans foreed into concentration lhe stability of American social and 
camps during the second World War. economie relations. The govemmenr 
ReparaLions not only addre s the li- does not fear any black-nationahM 
nuncial issues of war and the viola- group whieh comes along, such as Ihe 
tion of constitutional rights, but are Nalion of Islam (NO I). because it is 
also a fomlal recognition thai atroci- not revolutionary. 
lies were committed. America has yet The NO! eeks ubstilution, not 
to honestly deal wilh the issue of sla- revolution. This difference is whal 
\ cry and apartheid on ils own soil. caused Ihe FBI 10 rea!:1 vigorously and 

Funhermore, despite severe oppo- violently againstlhe Black Panthers. 
sition from the police and Ihe FBI, the II is importanl to remember thut 
pany succeeded in uniting Black, Malcolm X and Manm Lulher King, 
Chicano, Latin. Asian and Native- Jr. were not assa~sinated until their 
American communities within the rhetoric and demands became rcvo-
United Stales and throughout Ihe lutionary. They threalened U.S. glo-
world. bal imperialism and the capitalist 

The Black Panthers' solidarity system's oppression of people of color 
with native populations and other op- throughout the world, while uniting 
pressed communities terrified the U.S. with poor whites 10 overthrow race 
government into ystematically de- and economic tyranny. 
stroying the Panthers' revolutionary Black Panthers would not allow 
campaign. government's race-dividing tactics to 

The party formed alliances nation- sway lhem from their commitment to 
ally and internationally which threat- a cross-racial attack on capitalism and 
ened the stability of global imperial- imperialism. "The B lack Panther 
ism and capitalism. In Ihe United Party stands for revoluti~ solidar-
States, the Black Panthers allied with ity with all people fighting against the 
the Young Lords (Puerto Rican), the forces of imperialism, capitalism, rae-
Brown Berets (Chicano), the Young ism and fascism. 
Patriots (Caucasian) and the Red "Our solidarity is extended to 
Guards (Chinese). The Black Panthers those people who are fighting those 
were not black nationalists who re- evils at home and abroad. Because we 
jected anything which was not black. understand that our struggle for our 
They rejected anything which was not liberation is part of a worldwide 
revolutionary, and this was the criti- struggle being waged by the poor and 
cal difference that the government the oppressed against imperialism and 
could not understand. the world's chief imperialist, the 

Black Panthers did not want to re- United States of America, we - the 
place white capitalism with black Black Panther Party - understand 
capitalism. white imperialism with See PANTHERS, Page 7 

one way to send the message that representatives for change. 
you support this proposal. This goal is pretty remote, of 

His main objective, though, is to cours.:, and it would take a lot of 
help bui Id a nationwide grassroots work for it to become a reality. But 
coalition. Various people would eer. a vote for Nader would not be 
tainly block some of the reforms he wasted. If you only vote for eandi-
would like 10 see, such as giving tax- dates who have a chance of winning, 
payers some control over the gov- you will end up picking a politician 
ernmenl budget, adding "None of who has already cui his deals and 
the Above" to elections and requir- made serious commitments. 
ing corporations to show some re- Voting for Nader is a chance to 
tum for the huge subsidies they get break the vicious cycle. It won 'I feel 
from Ihe government. as cheap as vOling usually docs. The 

Nader knows that neither presi- people who vote for him aren't go-
dents nor advocacy groups will be ing to have much innuence on this 
able to get these reforms passed. election, but at least they will be 
Therefore, he is calling on the sending a signal Ihat Ihey wanl 
American people to pressure Iheir something hetter. It is worth a try. 

New Patient OHer S39*Reg. $110 
• Inltlat Rounne Cleaning 

&. Complete Examlnanon 
• Necessary X.Rays • Oml Cancer Scr«ning 
• Penudoorat Exammatlon • Consult.noo 

Offer expo 3/1/96 

Croy!!! $199 
(Non.preclou.) 
Offerexp. )11/% Reg. $700 

5:10 " 9:30 PM - University Lutheran Church 
(SW comer of La Jolla Shores Drive and North Torrey Pines Road) 

Marc Bowers, D.D.S. 
9339 Genesee Ave. PROFESSIONAL 

sutte140 DENTAL GROUP 
Ecumeniall Prayer Servia with Distribution of Ashes- 7:30 pm 

University Lutman Church 5.. 1"·44 OF LA JOLLA 5 ~. ~ Quality Care & Reasonable Fees 
.L-.;..--... ----~()ptII~~E~IIa~.~fI s-da,s b,~. MGC ..... _ iIIs..-, IKUI"""'I 



4 

6 OPL"lION The UCSO Guardian Thursday, February IS, 1996 

COMMENTARY: Waiting for one's class to begin should never be this difficult; but between annoying, contrived 
conversations and deranged fellow students, free time can be quite vexing -

By Karl FlaI, 
Contributing Opinion Writer 

The other day I had the misfor-
tune of arriving early to a class. I 
was not my usual five minutes early 
this time, but 15. Fifteen long min-
utes. 

Considering the strenuous hustle 
and bustle of the poor, overworked 
college student, this bonus time 
could feel like a gift from the aca-
demic gods - but I later saw it as 
one more sign that karma exists, and 
that I' m still cosmicly paying for 
breaking my neighbor 's bay win-
dow. 

In any case, I was soon faced 
with a serious dilemma. Avoiding 
idleness on campus is of utmost im-
portance to me. I don't suffer from 
delusions about the importance of 
my time, but [ do find myself suf-
fering when I have too much of it. 
The problem is there just aren't that 
many engaging activities at school 
to ieally exploit 15 free minutes. 

One possibility is slipping into 
the room where your next class is 
held and waiting out the offending 
minutes. On paper, that sOllnds 
good, but my particular classroom 
was, naturally, still occupied. 

I briefly contemplated visiting a 
random lecture, thinking that per-
haps I might expose myself to more 
intellectual fodder - but then I 
caught a touch of the lecture. It had 
something to do with how horrible 
all capitalists are. At UCSD, that's 
the underlying message of all non-

The 
Official 
Spring 
Break 
Airline! 

FIFTEEN MINUTES OF HELL' 
science courses. If you 're not in the 
sciences here, you get a daily dose 
of socialism, Marxism and any other 
"ism" which debunks the economic 
policies of thi s nation. 

This sort of intellectual pursuit 
is a curious, but true, fact of college 
life. We are confronted with such 
dribble daily and it is repulsive, but 
we all just grin and bear it anyway 
- just as we do with frat boys. Be-
cause my next class was on the same 
topic, I decided to forgo entering 
hell 15 minuLes early. Option one 
was a bust. 

Perhaps I could have engaged 
one of my peers in conversation. But 
do I honestly need to go through that 
inane ritual of, "So what classes are 
you taking?" Does anybody really 
care? I don't gain a thing from a 
rundown of some stranger 's sched-
ule. Likewise, no one else 's life is 
more fulfilled from hearing a list of 
my classes. 

Still, we persist in this mind-
numbing endeavor, knocking off 
countless hours each year with the 
college equivalent of showing pic-
tures of the family. Why? We say it 
because we have nothing else to say; 
but something must be said, and 
we're all too dAmn lazy to whip out 
an original query. 

Option two was a washout as 
well. Extra-clusroom fraternization 
doesn't bode well. If I want twaddle, 
I'll tum on NBC's Thursday-night 
lineup. 

If faced with a similar situation, 

Masturbation, 
people watching, 
plcId ... your 110M In 
the car - we all do 
the _me stuff, but 
we Just won't _ ... H 
to H In public. 
others might have studied. But be-
cause this bonus time occurred in 
the first week of the quarter, what 
was there to study? Besides, if you 
are a non-science major, there is 
nothing which can be studied in 10 
minutes. 

Are you going to memorize the 
finer points of NAFfA in that time 
frame? Is the War of 1812 suddenly 
going to crystallize for you in Solis 
hall? If Camus' philosophies were 
beyond you before this free spell, 
don't expect an epiphany sitting on 
industrial carpet while listening to 
your peers discuss which show has 
more social merit, "Melrose" or 

"AI f. " 
An additional downside Lo study-

ing in front of your next class hap-
pens without fail. You pull out the 
40-pound course reader and start 
perusing it, because you hate the 
vacant feeling you get when your 
professor calls on you to relate that 
week's maLerial , and you haven' t 
read it. 

As you consume several para-
graphs a second, understanding every 
fifth word, a member of your class 
will always materialize, like some 
goody-two-shocs-Iecture-hall-knowl-
edge-vampire, begging you for a pri-
vate, five-minute tutorial. Had you 
kept your book in your bag and your 
studying at home, you wouldn't be 
engaged in a parasitic relationship far 
worse than the "So what classes are 
you laking?" variety. Obviously, 
studying is futile in such a situation, 
reducing option three to a passing 
notion. 

People-watching always seems 
like a fine way to fill time. Unfortu-
nately, people aren't very comfortable 
being watched. Talk about hypocriti-
cal . We all watch - don't even tl)' to 
deny it. Yet, theIe is a double stan-
dard in our culture. You catch a 
watcher in the act, and suddenly he 
becomes lower than a pedophile in a 
kindergarten class. And this is true 
despite the fact that not fi ve minutes 
earlier you were the one gelling 
caught. Mastwbltion, people watch-
ing, picking your nose in the car -
we all do the same stuff, but we just 

Whether it's for some extreme Colorado 
skiing/snowboarding, or a Colorado Party 
Maximus, let Western Padfic be your ticket 

to a well-deserved Spring Break - at a 
Super Low fare. 

won ' t admit to it in public. 
Besides the social taboo, if you 

keep your eyes on any person for 
more than two-tenths of second, 
you' ve got problems coming. Some 
people take eye contact and run with 
itas if you' ve just proposed. Your eyes 
lock for no longer than the average 
SOSU student's allention span, and, 
before you know it, you ' re being 
asked, "So what classes are you tak-
ing?" In scant seconds, your original 
plan of being an anonymous, anti -so-
cial voyeur has completely fall en 
apart, and you're back to option two: 
inane conversation. 

Even worse is when the watchee 
catches you peeking and assumes you 
aren't just looking to harmlessly 
amuse yourself, but rttther you ' re 
some kind of deranged sicko hoping 
to latch onto your next stalking vic-
tim. Still, you don't have to wony 
about whether she's accompanied by 
a Neanderthal who thinks that heads 
make a "neat" sound when hiuing 
concrete. No, today's watchee -
male or female - will gladly pepper-
spray you, pull your ears and do some 
groin stuff before you even have a 
chance to explain that you're not an 
anti-social stalker, you're just anti-
social. Either way, people-watching 
most often results in interaction with 
the people you're hoping to avoid. So 
option four can be ruled oul. 

After rejcctingthe first fouractivi-
ties, I finally hit upon the best time-
filler available at this wasteland. No, 

See ANNOY, Page 7 

Thursday, February 15, 1996 The UCSD Guardian OPINION 7 

ADMINISTRATION SHOULD CUT SHU'l'ILE To FUND CARTS 
Editor: 

As a student at UCS D, I find it 
appa lling that the univers ity cannot 
find the money to fund the cart ser-
vice fo r disabled students. The 
Guardian 's editoria l, '"T&PS 
Should Take Over Defunded Cart 
Service" (Feb. 8, 1996), stated that 
the university is under no legal ob-
ligation to fund the can service. Yet 
isn't the universi ty under a moral 
obligation to disabled students to 
offer this service , whether it is man-
dated by law or not? Afler all , dis-
abled people cannot simply hop 
around a campus this size. 

Des pite what the university 
says, money is avai lable. The 
Guardian 's editorial "Torrey Pines 
Shuttle Is a Waste and Should Be 
Cut" (Feb. I, 1996), suggested that 
the administration ought to cut the 
shuttle service to Torrey Pines. 
After all, only people who work 
for the administration are using it, 
and they are spending student 
money to do so. If the university 
cuts the Torrey Pines shuttle , it 
could devote that money to the 
disabled-student cart service_ 

PANTHERS: 
True motives are 
often misunderstood 
Continued from page 5 
that the most effective way lhat we 
can aid our Vietnamese brothers and 
sisters is to destroy imperialism from 
the inside, attack it where it breeds," 
wrote the Black Panthers. 

What could he more tcrrifying to 
u.s. capitalism and imperialism than 
the threat of a global uprising by 
people of color? No more sweat 
shops. No more maquiladoras. No 
more sugar cane dripping Wilh the 
blood of Haitians. 

The Black Panthers ' balance of 
demanding reparations for black 
Americans while supporting solidar-
ity with third-world peoples led to 
their political assassination by the 
U.S. govemmenl. But they have left 
spiritual inspiration and ideological 
direction for future revolutionaries. 
"Power to the people," was not a slo-
gan, but a struggle, sti II demanding 
deliverance, even today. 

ANNOY: 
Everyday chit-chat 
can be aggravating 
Continued from p.,. 8 
it's not reading the Guamian (Give 
me some credit for seeking intellec-
tual stimulation). What I stumbled 
upon is perfect for all those people 
wanting to remain anonymous but 
who still want to feel in touch with 
the "pulse" of this campus. 

I read the multi-colored pamphlets 
decorating our hallowed halls, adver-

. tising everything from the succulent 
nourishment of the ChC to important 
job opportunities at A.S. to bands so 
bad they play for free. l challenge you 
to find a more amusing mixture of 
tacky graphics, silly slogans, horrific 
spelling and bad grammar. And, best 
of all, most of it's home grown, so 
you' re not only gcuing a good laugh, 
you're also getting in touch with 
UCSO's hopping campus life. 

(' d like to write more, but I just 
saw a nyer which read that the Eddie 
Vedder Philosophy Club is sponsor-
ing a talk on "the difficulties of being 
a misunderstood millionaire genius." 
It's only five bucks a head. 

Why should people - ad min-
istrators, at that - who can wa lk 
sleal money fro m st udents who 
cannot? 

By cutting disah led-slUdent 
cart services, we arc te ll ing dis-
abled students thi nki ng about at-
tending UCSD that we don ' t want 
them here. 

Ken Dong 

A.S. Provides Many 
Services To Students 
Editor: 

Chris Schreiber 's comment ary, 
"Stude nt Gove rnment 's Effort s 
Are Meaningless" (Jan. 29, 1996), 
is mi sinformed and uneduca ted. 

Schreiber c laims th at A.S. 
Coun cil members do nothing , 
which is hardly an accurate statc-
ment. They do many things , as 
anyone can see if they came to our 
offices. As for A.S. Council mem-
bers being whiners, well, nobody 
is perfect, and whining isn't a 
crime the last time I checked. 

Also, despite what Schreiber 
states, the A.S. does not waste stu-

Readers ' Forum 
The Guardian welcomes letters and commen-
tanes from Its readers . All leNers musr be no 
longer than two pages, typed, double-spaced 
and signed. t..".,. must ..., e ... "" .,.,..... 
num" r. We reserve the nght to edIt for lengrh 
and clallly. Letters may be dropped off at the 
Guardian orrICe on tile second floor of the old 
Student Center (nght above the General Store 
CQoOI)). Send all letters to: 

The Guardian 
Opmlon EdItor 

9500 Gilman Dr. 0316 
La Jol/a. CA 92093-0316 

Fax: (619) 534-7691 
e-ma/I: guardianOucsd.edu 

dent-fee money - it spends it on 
the student body. Each year, over 
$ I 00,000 goes into a fund called 
Student Organizations 
Unallocated, which distributes 
funds to student organizations so 

that they can cover their opera ting 
expe nses. We spend close to 
$ 170,000 per year on programming 
events uch as concert s, TGs, ath-
letic tai lgate events and the Sun God 
Fes tival. We spend about $50,000 
per year on alternalive media like the 
Koala and V() ~ Froll(eri,"a, as well as 
$24 ,000 per year to run KS[)T, the 
student radIO ~t.l tion . ri nall y, we 
give $17.000 per car to the Univer-
s it y of Cali forma Student Associa-
tion (UCS A) to reprcse nt UCSD stu -
dents at thc statewide level. 

At oth er UC sc hools, the A.S. 
preside nt and vice presidents ge t 
the ir tuitions paid for by the A.S. At 
UCS D. however, the A.S. Counci l 
fee ls that it hould spend that money 
on you. 

Schreiber is wrong to claim that 
" whimpering protests" and "con-
sciousness rallies" do not improve 
the quality of student life. If noth-
ing else, they set an example to apa-
thetic, close-minded individuals 10 
fight for something they believe in. 

Schreiber cannot recall a single 
instance, outside of programming, 
where the A.S. has enhanced his time 

here at UCS D. Has he ever used 
A.S. Soft Reserves or Lecture 
Notes'! Or has he enjoyed the 
coffee at the Grove Cafe'! Or 
wi thd rawn from a class in lhe 
fourth week, had a re nt al refrig-
erator in his dorm or used the 
lale-mght shuttle which ru ns be-
tween Warren ollege and East 
Pa rking? 

If Schreiber ha never used 
any of these servicc~ availab le 
to him , or the ma ny ot hers 
which I haven' t ment ioned, then 
perhaps he is right - perhaps 
Schreiber has no need for the 
A.S. However, many other stu-
dents do. 

If anyo ne docsn' l like the 
way the A.S. runs things around 
here, you ought to vote for can-
didates who represent what you 
want done, or perhaps run for 
office yourself and change how 
the A.S. spends money. But if 
you don't vote or run for office, 
don't complain. 

Jessyc:a Wall.c:e 
ASUCSD Public: RelatloDS 

Director 

announce§ <ill 

tor Majors, Minors, ana Interestea Stuaents 

--

General Information on the major, the minor, the honor§ 
progriun, anJ §tuJ y abroaJ . 

PLUS, 

~~DOXNG AND USiNG HiSIORyn 
A P anel Di§cu§§ion Featuring M ajor§ anJ Recent Hi§tory 
GraJuate§ talking about what tbey've J one anJ what they're 
going to Jo with a hi§tory major . . 

aate: TUISDAY, FlaRUARY :ath, illD 
time: I:Da - i:Da g.m. 

glace: Til IITIRIATIQIAL CIITIR 
f aculty anJ staff will be available to answer your 9uestion§, §o 
Jrop in any time between 3:30 anJ 5:30 on that Jay anJ bring 
your ,)uestions anJ suggestions for improving abe program. 

Refreshments will· be §ell"veJ~ 
.......... IIW 



8 NEWS 

YORK: UCSD's 
efforts at diversity 
'haven't hurt' 
ContInued from pc. 3 
tive action, but we never used those 
words in those days. But we were 
really getting serious about reaching 
out to economically disadvantaged 
students, and we really worted hard 
on that. And that did result in students 
being admitted who didn't meet the 
usual requirements.] was one of those 
who was most strongly pushing for 
admitting disadvantaged students and 
leaning over backward in order to 
make sure they got the opportunity. 

[Attaining diversity in the university] 
was controversial then - exactly the 
same way it's controversial today. 
WIud II JOUr bike 011 .... 
IiIIIrInIItIvec .... which 
.... Uken piece In the uc 
system over ....... six 
months? . 

[ am very much in favor of affir-
mative action with small letters. I 
don't have a personal stand with 
respect to particular legal titles in 
legislation and so forth. Butl am in 
favor of finding some way, and I 
feel we have to find a way, of mak-
ing it possible for people to be ad-
mitted to the university, who under 
the normal rules, would not be -

The UCSD Guardian 

and that usually means putting that 
in terms of ethnic identification orin 
terms of disadvantage. 
How do JOU tIM .... uc 
.,.... ... UCID C*I ..... 
lICe ............. ... 
..... In .... CCIINrC,...1 

I think the university can find a 
way to do those things by changing 
the wording, so that it refers to eco-
nomic and social disadvantage, and 
come up with virtually the same 
result. I hope [the regents] do. 
Whether that's easy or hard, or 
whether it's more generally accept-
able among the public, I'm not sure. 
How C*I .... university 10 IIbout 
achieving ... of KademIc 

.xc ••• nce ... dIverIIty 
IInUbneouaIy? 

I don't have a good theoretical 
fonnuJa for that. The way I would go 
about it - the way I did try to goabout 
it-was simply to make sure that we 
had people enrolled at UCSD whom 
we then called economically and s0-
cially disadvantaged, that we really 
reached out to those people in an 
honest way. [ should emphasize the 
question of women as well-that was 
important to us even then. I don't have 
a formula. You simply wort hard to 
bring such people in, and then, it is my 
belief that the whole system will ad-
just and accommodate in a reasonable 
way. Doing so certainly hasn't hurt us. 

••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

1\ 

Oh sure, It looks innocent. But It could be 
UJired to a no-name company that has no qualms about 

overcharging broke college students. 

So, calling card in hand, you dial 1 800 CALL ATT 
and save yourself some much-needed cash_ 

Dial I K()~ ( \II \1 I f()r \1.\:.1 (ailing (anll'al". 
\I\\""gl.'l \1.\:.1. '\nl.'I" .gl"l ()H·n·ltal".l~l'd. 

Know the Code. 1800 CALL ATT. That's Your True Choice:" 

• ATa.T 
Your 'Due Choice 

'Thunday, February IS, 1996 

During til this period that we have 
been practicing these policies that 
have been much criticized by some, 
our reputation has been getting bet-
ter. The university has an obligation 
to bring in a diverse student body, 
whether it helps the university or not. 
The effect on the university itself is 
little enough so that we can easily 
afford to do it and do more of it. 
Do JOU tIIInk thIIt .... ,.... 
violated prine .... of ....... p-
emance by not conauItInC the 
faculty prior to their dec ..... to 
......... .mnn.tIvHctIon polI-
cies In the uc system? 

Yes, I think the regents have 
See YORK. Page 12 

DELAY: Night 
construction would 
triple costs 
ContInued from p ... 1 
to deal with it just like everyone else," 
UCSD Campus Community Planner 
Mill Phegley said. 

However, several students were 
upset with the project, despite the 
promised improvements. 

"h's nice that Igeltobe here forall 
of this inconvenience, and they're 
going to finish up with this construc-
tion after l've graduated," Roosevelt 
senior Casey Elford said. "At leastI'll 
be gone soon." 

Otherstudcnts were concerned that 
construction was taking place during 
the daytime, rather than nighttime. 

"They' re going to be doing all this 
stuff with the road right when I need to 
be getting to class," Marshall junior 
Heather Adler said. "That's the busi-
est time of day for students." 

According to Castaneda, construc-
tion is not taking place at night be-
cause the project would then cost the 
city three times as much as daytime 
work. 

The City of San Diego is paying 
for the entire construction projec~, in-
cluding the new campus entrance. 
Although city officials would not re-
veal the exact cost of the job, the 
budget is estimated to be several mil-
lion dollars. 

WORK: 
Programs have few 
requirements 
Continued from p ... 2 

According to Yazmir, students at-
tempting to secure permission inde-
pendently often run into difficulties. 

The program also includes job 
and housingassistance,aguidebook, 
access to the Work Abroad Program 
office and general assistance in each 
country, An orientation upon ar-
rival introduces students to local 
customs and resources, and weekly 
or biweekly gatherings allocal pubs 
allow s.ludents to share their experi-
enccs with others from their home 
country. 

Costs include an initial $200 pro-
gram fee, a minimum of $600 to 
cover daily expenses until the 
student's first paycheck arrives and 
a round-trip plane ticket. 

Interested students can obtain in-
formation on airfare, rail passes and 
budget accommodations through 
Council Tnavel in the Price Center. 

To qualify, individuals must be 
college students or recent graduates. 
There are no application deadlines. 
minimum GPA requimnents or es-
says submitted. COIla Rica, Fruce 
md Gennlny reqWft! two ye.n of 
relev.nt . collep-Ievcl I.n .... ,c 
caa-. or the oquivaln. 

Tharsday, February IS, 1996 

RALLY: Quest 
for unionization 
continues for TAs 
ContInued from pc. 1 
tration to be students first, and em-
ployees second. 

"We've created the TA positions 
for experience and financial sup-
pon," Auiyeh said. "To engage in 
collective barc;aining is destructive 
to the academic program. It inter-
feres in the relationship between 
students and teachers, bringing a 
nonacademic element-namely the 
UA W - into the student-teacher 
relationship. Our position is one that 
is best for the quality of tile graduate 
program." 

Literature TA Darren Weiner 
disagreed. 

"The administration considers 
[working as a T A] as part of our 
training as students, but I look at it 
as a job that pays federal taxes," 
Weiner said. "Therefore, as federal 
employees, we have the right to 
collectively organize." 

The ASE rally featured speak-
ers, i ncludfng ethnic studies Profes-
sor George Lipsitz, as well as repre-
sentatives from Upbeat and No Re-
treat! Today at the Price Center, a 

RIMAC 
SupelComputef Center ~ 
UNEX ~ .... 
InatIIute of the Arnericaa 
Oilmen Drive Info BooIh 
Torrey PInes Center 
No. T.P. InID Booth 
SIO L1Jrary 
Snackropolls, SIO 
Nleremberg Hal, SIO 
Thormln HoIp. ER 

Sl Germain's' EI Tonto 
cal Copy 
BJ's PIzzeria • K1nko's 
Ralphs 
Garden Stale Bagel 
Vans 
Pappachlno's __ >MIl' 
La JoIa Del Sol ..... 1 ......... .JIj· ... 
AIlellllon's 'i""''' 
Soup Exchange 
Subway 
Ben & Jeny', • Zebra Copy 
Stela Bella • Koala Yogurt 
eo.ta Verde Car WMh 
La Salsa 
RubIo'I 
Taco Bell 
JavaHouae 

=Elc. ...", 
SWway. RobeI1o's ~ 
JerrI Burgeri ~ , 
NeigIjlor Saver • No. Shore Cate 
PanInI catfe 

Amy's Cafe . ~ 
La Jolla Brawtno Co. OG"":;"-
Houee of Natural Foods ~ 
La Jolla PubIc Library 
Baltimore Bagel 
Bemlni's • Pannikin 
7·11 (La Jolla Blvd.) 

Bustamante's 
Starbucks 
Ambiance Caf. 

~ ~ 
Zanzibar. Caf. Creme· ,-11 
Ouik Comer • Soup Exchange 
Dragon House ~ 
M.B. Tan. M.B. Laundry ;;.c"~ 
Mission CoHee House .w--:.... 

e· CC"'- . 
Ben & Jeny's • Rice King it til'" 
RobertI Taco Shop ~ 
Baltimore Begel • Red Robin 

Pannikln~ ~ ."..,. 
The LIvIng Room .-JIll/ 
P ... TIme CIIe \Jf""'-
_ 0'1 PIzza • lillo', eIc. 
8M & Jeny'I. TIle Study 
EIPfIIIO Rama • EuphonI c.Ie 
UCSD,.., CIr .• Qual FIOIIIIIge 
D ... -=-al. I •• 

representative from the American 
Federation of Teachers is sched-
uled to speak on the ASE's mission 
to gain union recognition. 

According to staff member Dan 
Johnston, the ASE is seeking higher 
wages, health benefits and a cap on 
class size. 

"The TA who has 50 :,apers to 
grade cannot provide the indi-
vidual attention that students are 
paying for," Johnston said. "TAs 
are paid for only 20 hours a week, 
but they work much more than 
thaI." 

Lipsitz hoped that the teach-in 
would help advance the idea of 
unionization among T As. 

"J think that all workers have a 
right to be represented in collec-
tive-bargaining negotiation -that's 
a human right as well as a legal 
right. It will help the university to 
have jobs spelled out under clearly 
defined contractual conditions be-
tween teaching assistants and pro-
fessors," he said. 

T As held class sections and of-
fice hours at the Price Center 
Wednesday and will be holding 
them there again today. 

"We are doing what we always 
do - teach, grade, talk to students 
- except we are going to be very 

The UCSD Guardian 

obvious about it," Dimensions of 
Culture TA Grant Nebel said. "The 
last I heard, this is what you call 
work, so this would make us em-
ployees. We are asking that we be 
recognized as such." 

ASE members urged UCSD un-
dergraduates to support T As in their 
quest to gain union recognition. 

"Our wooong conditions are their 
learning conditions," Weiner said. 
"It's ajob for us, but it's their class-
room. So if our working conditions 
improve and we get the protection 
that we need, then we'll be able to 
teach them better." 

"As a union, we support under-
graduates and their struggles for such 
things as affirmative action," Weiner 
added. "We're asking them recipro-
cally to be supportive of us in our 
hours of need and support." 

Some undergraduates on hand 
expressedsupportfortheTAs' fight 
for union recognition. 

"TAs are the ones who enforce 
what the professors are leaching, 
they help us to understand better 
and, in a way, they arc like profes-
sors," Marshall sophomore Janice 
Lee said. "Overall, their [wages] 
and our learning are affi liated with 
each other." 

Some students passing through 

the Price Center on 
Wednesday 
signed a series of 
petitions, in sup-
port of the ASE, 
which will be de-
livered to Interim 
Chancellor 
Majorie Caserio. 
The ASE also sent 
letters to parents 
of undergraduates 
to publi9ize the 
ASE's efforts to 
unionize. 

Citing a recent 
example of union 
action, Weiner 
drew comparisons 
between T As and 
the San Diego 
Uni fied School 
District teachers 
who recently went 
on strike. 

"All 4,000 
teachers went on 

NEWS 9 

strike, and they RIng: Students take part in the ASE teach·in. 
won," Weiner 
said. "We're teachcrs, too, and we 
might have to go on strike to get 
what we want." 

Weiner viewed the teach-in as a 
step on the road to recognition. 

''This fteach-in] might not. get 
union recognition for us right now, 
but little events along the way build 
momentum for something bigger," 
he said. 

Most of our people 
wear jeans to work. 

Except, of course, 
during lunch. 

Digital Signal ProceSSing, Hardware Design, 
Communication Systems and/or Computer 
Networking. 

At ViaSat we fos ter an open, comfortable envi· 
ronment. We encourage free-flowing, creative 
thinking, and we like our people to enjoy work 
as well as free timE'. And with everyth ing San 
Diego orfers, some of us like to ride over to the 
beach or a nearby park during the lunch break. VfaSat 

Phone 619/438·8099 
Fax 619/438·8489 

E-mail resume<.<Ilviasat.com. 

Grads in EE, ('..5, Math Sci: 
ViaSat is the ideal place to start your high·tech 
caleer, both intel~ctually and geographically. 
We're a dynamiC, fast ·growlng digital communi-
cations company founded and run by engineers. 
Our forte is digital communications and signal 
processing for defense and commercial commu· 
nications products, 

We are interested in meeting highly motivated 
grads (3.2 GPA, MS preferred) with training in 

ViaSat Inc.'s corporate headquarters is located at 
2290 Cosmos Court, Carlsbad, California 92009· 
1585. WE ARE INTERVIEWING ON CAMI'US 
MARCH 4TH WITH TWO SCHEDULES. For con-
sideration, please contact your placement office 
prior to February 21 st . See us on the web at 
www.vlasat.cerfnet.com We are an equal oppor· 
tunity employer. 



10 FEATIJRES The UCSD Guardian Thursday, February 15, 1996 

ARENA 
WHICH WOULD You RATHER BE: RICH OR FAMOUS? 

interview. by Dan SW ..... y • PhotcCraPIIJ by Chuck ,..., ... 

I'd rather be rich because you 
don"t have to deal with others 
intruding on your personal life 
all the time, and you can iso-
late yourself from people that 
you don't want to bother you. 

TANIA TILTON 

Revelle 
Junior 

Rich, because fame doesn't Famous, for doing something 
necessarily guarantee you ev- beneficial to society. That's 
erything in this world. It basi- more important to me than 
cally comes down to who you being rich. 
k.now and how much money 
you have. 

DEREK DABROWSKI- ELIZABETH EPSTEIN 
SHOT 

Marshall Muir 
Senior Junior 

FIN 
at the 

UCSD Bookstore 
Computer Center 
withnID ...... 

.. " 

Can 

.. 

...... 

FREE WI1'H PURCHASEm 
• Internet Connection Kit 
• WWW Guide Book 
• US Robotics T-shirt wi 
purchue 

Call the UCSD Boobtore 
ColDpuler DeparlDlent • 
at (619)534-4291 or 
viait our Web Site at 
http://www-boobtore.ucsd. 

Rich, because right now, I have Famous, because money can't 
more of a problem with money buy happi ne 'S, and it might be 
than I do with people knowing fun to be famous. 
who I am. 

• 
RANDY DoRAN TARA MCGRATH 

Marshall Revelle 
Junior Sophomore 

Volunteers are needed for Research Drug FREE 
Study. All testing and study medications are 

Qualified participants will be paid up to $360 
for participation 

436 5189 Ask for Dianna, Helen Call - or SilVia 
Warren W. Pleskow, M.D • 

DIPLOMATE, AMERICAN BOARD OF ALLERG Y/IM MUNOLOGY 

lJPt University of <San Die8° • Experienced Fa.:ulty 
• Lecture Courses 
• In-Class Practice Exams 
• You Score in Top 25% or 

Take Next Course Free 
Test Preparation Courses 
Serra Hall 316, Alcala Park, 
San Diego, CA 
92110 

. Thwsday, February IS. 1996 The UCSD Guardian 

CHEAT 
You ju t kissed a guy. A guy who i not your 
boyfriend. You feel guilty. And confused. You call 
your ister for advice. She says four simple words: 
"No French, no foul." You suddenJy feel better. 

II 



12 NEWS 

YORK: UCSD 
has always had an 
'intellectual elitism' 
Continued from ..... 8 
ignored shared governance, but it 
has happened at other times. I think 
it's wrong, but we'll live through it 
perfectly well. But at the same time, 
it is perfectly legitimate for the fac-
ulty to complain about it and to try 
what they can to let the authorities 
know they didn' t like it, and they 
hope it doesn ' t happen again. 
There's nothing wrong with doing 
that. 
Inteflm Chanc:eIor Marjorie 
c....ao .... made numerous 
attempts to mike herself more 
acceulble to students. Why Is 
this ImportMt? . 

The number of students today 
is many times larger than it was 
even when I was chancellor in 
1970-72 so, what-

Tell me about the cllnwte on 
c-.- durInC ,.. ...... run 
• ch8nceIIor. 

Well, it was certainly not at all a 
homogeneous mood, as there were 
all kinds of attitudes. Things were 
just beginning to get better after the 
worst period of the Vietnam War, 
so there were a lot students who 
were extremely disturbed about how 
things were going in the nation -
generally with respect to war, de-
fense and so on. It was also a period 
when we were still finding our way 
with respect to what you now call 
diversity. At the time, there were a 
lot of difficulties with people who 
didn't like the kind of leaning over 
backward one has to do, and there 
were a lot of other people who just 
wanted a lot more of il.lt was a time 
of lots of tension. Butl never knew 
whether most students were in-
volved because you can't tell. What 
you see are the acti vi sts, and those 
numbers are sometimes mi sleading. 

But there were 

The UCSD Guardian 

..-rt ...... other ~ In theUC.,....' 
!"unday, February IS, 1996 

~ ",f, 
4'''' f , " .~l ~ 

. -' 

Dr. Herbert Frank York, born in Rochest,r, New York, in 
1921, received his A.B. ~nd M.S. degrees in physics 
from the University of Rochester and his Ph.D. degree in 
physics from the University of California, Berkeley. 

At the Unlve~ of California: 
• Director, Institute on Global Conflict and 1982 - 1988 

Cooperation, UCSD 
o Acting Chancellor, UCSD 1970 - 1972 

o Graduate Dean, UCSD 1989 - 1970 

o Chancellor, UCSD 1961 - 1964 

o Director, Lawrence Livermore National 1952 - 1958 
Laboratory 

U.S. Govemment and Related Actlvltle.: 
.Trustee, Institute for Defense Analysis 1967-

o Member, General Advisory Committee 1982 - 1969 
on Arms Control 

ever the chancel-
lor docs, it will 
have to be ad-
justed to the fact 
that the university 
is bigger and the 
administration is 
bigger. I didn't 
actually put a lot 
of emphasis on 
that, I have to say. 
But those were 
tough times . It 
was difficult to 

Tho .. were tough 
tim ••• " w •• 
dlftlea" to deal 
with student. 
because, typically, 
the students who 
wanted to _ you 

times when the 
number of 
people out on the 
Revelle plaza 
was a prelly good 
representation of 
the total student 
body. It was a 
very tense time 
that was begin-
ning to get bet-
ter. The worst of 
it ended just be-

Different people had different 
ideas. but all of us agreed that we 
should emphasize quality, and we 
should try to be the best. Whether 
it was realistic to try to be the best 
in that particular group which al-
ready had prelly good campuses 
- Berkeley in particular - is not 
clear. Nevertheless, the uni versa I 
goal was to set this campus apart 
from the others by being the best, 
especially in an intellectual sense. 
I remember the question at the 
time was whether Berkeley and 
UCLA would provide the books 
for the rest of the campuses. and 
we ne ver accepted that . We weren't 
after equality for all nine [cam-
pusesl - we were after equality 
for UCSD. There has been an in-
tellectual elitism here which I've 
always had some trouble with, even 
though I believe in it and think we 
should do it. I'm not personally all 
that warm to elitist ideas or behav-
ior; nevertheless, I thought that 
UCSD ought to be the best. 
What do you see In the future 01 
UCSD and the UC system In 
general? 

I see an administrative system 
essentially like what we've got,like 
what we've had all these years. I 
don't see any fundamental changes 
coming in the master plan, but iI's 
always possible. I don't see any 
changes coming on the academic 
side. either. except continued evo-
lution, which [ hope will be for the 
good. The university should just 
keep with what 's happening with 
the population. There will be more 
diversity, and [ hope we make the 

OTrustee, Aerospace Corporation 1981-1987 

o Member, President's Science Advisory 1958 - 1961 
Committee 

o Member, Secretary Defense Ballistic 1953 - 1958 
Missile Advisory Committee 

best of it. I'm very optimistic. 
Tell me a UttIe bit about the 

Source: Revelle Special Courses Office 
Dominic Lobbia/Guardlan 

atomic bomb, hydrogen bomb and 
long-range missile. In each case. 
we'll talk about the policy decision 
to start the programs, to build the 
devices and to use them, but with a 
very special emphasis on what 
people knew and thoughtat the time, 
not what people know and think 
today. 

w •• there w"h 
tlr. In their .y ... c .... you wII be teachlnc next quarter. 

deal with students 
becau'sc, typically, the students 
who wanted to see you were there 
with fire in their eyes. It wasn't 
like it is today. 

,.--------~ HAIR 
DESIGN 

~-n..s) 
DII_ ....... (Nlll1O_...._1 

CIIIs ....... NeIIlID \Ions 
lilt 1.1 •• c- .., 52 " s.nto) 

........ C8eIoor ..... CIIIIrIU".) 
~ .... C- MIIn EnIIwIcI) 

",MNIS MU:4ME1 
L MuOI pr ... nl coupon. Eop . 3/2196..1 
--------

• Olive r Peoples 
• Gualtier 
• Matsuda 
• Fred 
• Cartier 
• Armani 

fore I took over 
as acting chancellor. 
What were some 01 u.,.. the 
acIn*Ilstration cId early on In 
order to do to set this university 

•••••••••••••••••••••• 

Call for 
SENSITIVE, AFFORDABLE 

dental care 
LA aLIA VILLAGE DENTAL OFFICE 

ames E. Sanford D.D.S. 
General, Preventative, and Cosmetic Services 

Rel,,:mi, friendly 4tWU/spebere • Member ADA, CDA, SDCDS 

LA JOLLA VILLAGE PR.OFESSIONAL CENTER. 
8950 VtLLA LA JOLLA DR., SUITE 2103 
Top FLOOR, lUST BEHIND EL TORITO 

FREE 

It's a seminar called Science, 
Technology and Public Affairs 100. 
It will be a discussion about a series 
of developments, mostly in the 
weapons of mass destruction -the 

FIlE B RIIIJIII 
Fret' cUNulcaluJO anJ Inillal trtOlrrnenc . $25 valut 
F,m -Itmc chen .. only With Ih ... J. Exp 1/IS/96 
rn.IIEU (~ EYEBROWS 
.. alUIlE N~~: N • UEI' () U"E! III 

~S'A fORWUII 
SKIN CARE 

1/2 block 
/romVCSD 
ReklXlng. 

UND ERARM S 
BREASTS 

Friendly fIN GE RS 

Sh7ice - ' '~~\S Lexander's ELECTROLYSIS 
& Skin Care Clinic 

3212 Ullin CI. lUI 
U JILL. COIPlllTE CUTEa 

r nUl'" Mobol Sl<IIion) 558-0888 

I PAil 
COLOIED COITACTS 

W.J. FRESH LooKS 
PLOTO-6.00 

Brown Eye.lIO Blue. G ..... . Hazel. 
Wil~ the purchase of any ConI3Cllen. package below $89 DAILY WEAR 

COMPLETE 
129 DISPOSABLE LENSES 

COMPLETE Ioclodot...., 6-pocb 
ALL specials include lenses, l!Jlom, eyecore lit and follow up visit. 

WE SPECIALIZE IN CONTACf LENSES 
• Gas-permeable hard lenses. Soft lenses for astigmatism 

• Sports lenses • U.V. lenses. Colored lenses 
• Thousonds of /gnses in stock • Emergency Service 

ONE HOUR SERVICE' 6 DAYS A WEEK 
111MIII' .... m OII.on COIIIAa U.' 'ICU •• 

• In moat (GMt 

• PlESClI'nONS FlUID 
• GlAssEs DUPlICAtED . . 
• COMNTE m EXAMS 
• No APPOINTMENT NE(ESSAaY 

• • ,1~ 
)0 " "4 .,_' ~ ,_ . .-

• ..L~~,,- .......... ...., III •• 

Staff 
Meeting 

5:30 p.m. 
Today 

There will be pizza . 

* 
Enough said. 

HELP 
NEEDED 
This office represents a man 

who was seriously injured 
when he fell in a drainage 
trough that bisects the south-
east comer of Torrey Pines 
Road and La Jolla Village 
Drive near the UCSD campus. 

If you know of anyone who 
has fallen at that location, or 
have any other information, 
please contact: Attorney 
Sleven Howard collect at 
(310) 820-3188 

WOO'S BROKEN 
ARROW 

UCSD GUARDIAN A.T. a ENTERTAINMINT FEB R U A R Y 15, 1996 see page H15 

Ston' the reet 
1t1m.-
Th ••• fll.. will b. 
In th.at .... to .. orrow. 

• AI Pacino plays a mayor ac-
cused of impropriety in City Hall, 
which opens at theaters through-
out San Diego. 

• Martin Seorsese filmed Taxi 
Driver 20 years ago, but it stands 
the test of time. To celebrate its 
anni ven;ary, the Ken Cinema wi II 
show the film through Feb. 22. 

• Comedian Adam Sandler's new 
movie, Happy Gilmore, opens at 
theaten; throughout San Diego. 

• Andy Garcia stars as an ex-
gangster whose old boss (Christo-
pher Walken) convinces him to 
doone morejob in Things to Do In 
Denver When You 're Dead. which 
opens at the Guild Theatre in 
Hillcrest. 

T h. •• albums will be In 
record stor. on Tu.sday • 

• The Archers of Loaf will re-
lease The Speed of Callie. 

• . Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds 
will release Murder Ballads. 

l'lr.~ 
• Unzipped, adocumentary about 
the fashion industry, is due in 
stores on Tuesday. 

• The drag queen road film , To 
Wong Foo, 77ranksfor Everything! 
Julie Newmar. is due in stores on 
Tuesday. 

• The Hellecasters' concert 
scheduled for March 14 at the 
Belly Up Tavern has been can-
celled. 

• Tickets are on sale now for lhe 
hip-hop group Dc La Soul, which 
will perform on March 15 at the 
Belly UpTavemin SolanaBeach. 
Tickets are $15. Info: 481 -9022. 

• Tickets are on sale now for Son 
Volt, which wi II perform on March 
22 at theBelly UpTaveminSolana 
Beach. Info: 481-9022. 

• Tickets are on sale now for the 
Deftones, who will perform on 
Feb. 28 at the Casbah. Tickets are 
$6. Info: 232-4355. 

• Tickets arc on sale now for 
lounge singer Tom Jones, who 
will perform at 4th & B on March 
10 at 8 p.m. Tickets range from 
$26.~5. Info: 220-TlXS. 

ImproviJational jau 
performer George £ewil. will 
cibowcaJe new material 
toflUJrrow a1 Man'JMIJe 
Auditorium 
EORGE LEWIS, A COM-
poser and tromboni t, 
has been penorming 
and composing elec-

tronic music for nearly 20 years. Lewis, 
a professor in the UCSD music depart-
ment, became active in the Association 
forthe Advancement of Creati ve Musi-
cians (AACM). a Chicago-basedgroup 
dedicated to jazz, in the mid-'70s. A 

perform tomorrow at 8 p.m. at 
Mandeville Auditorium. Admission is 
free for UCSD faculty and stUdents. 
GUlII'dIan: Could you d •• u lie 
the pieces )'OU ........... 7 

Lewis: The programwiUfealurefour 
pieces. The fll'St is a world premi~ 
called "North Star BoogaIoo," which is 
perfonned b)'ySreve Schick. The sec-
ond piece it f'Yoyager," which will by 

be me and a soloist. On 
ru'elll the third pcice, Fraacis-

central figure in the cre-
alion of improvisational 
jazz. Lewis was music di-
rector of the Kitchen, an Hu,tuJ Ki. •• Marie Uitti. a great cel· list, wiD perfonn an 1m-

proviJed piece with me avant-garde cultural cen-
ter in New Yor1< Ci ly from 1980-82 and 
joined the UCSD faculty in 1991. Dur-
lnJ a recent inlerview, he spoke from 

• biJ office on campus about hi interest 
in eIDctronic music and j~ He wid 

baleidCIIIll older piece of mine. Francis 
can Itanytbing on the cello, and she i 
a peat improvisor. I've been teaching 
iqxovised music for four y~ and 
..... afair number of graduareaind 

\ . 

undergraduates who do improvised 
music and do it well. so it seemed to 
make seme to have someofd1em on the 
~ In the finaI~ wewiU play 
three dit1'aall pi«eS-Qf inioe. 
WIuIt ........... -...a 

Tbil is IOIIldhiDg to consider. I've 
found I needed to make pieces about 
someIhing.ltwashardformetogowith 
full abItJ:action. I need some sort of 
external stimulus. For example, ''North 
Star BoopJoo" is a vetycomplex poem 
by Quincy Troupe dial has a strong 
fonn and semantic coment in tams of 
his ideM" basktdtaIlaibisfory.1 
had to make up my own form. I didn't 
want to follow the form of die poem. 
Tbe~ isn't anyone reading it The 
computer will take the poem and 

see .MPROV, P8&8' H1S 



HlArus 14 

Fobia Has No Fear 
Of Stateside Success 

Mexico City-based band will 
play at SDSU's Montezuma Hall 
By Jeff N .... I 
Hiatus Editor 

The Mexico City-based rock band 
Fobia has all the elements 
that should make it a suc-
cessful rock band in the 
United States. Its charis-
matic singer, Leonardo, has 
the good looks of actor An-
tonio Banderas. And the 
band plays "alternative" 
rock music as impassioned 
as anything by U2 and as 
quirky as Oingo Boingo on its latest 
release,AnwrChiquilo. The band will 
perform tomorrow at 8 p.m. at SDSU's 
Montezuma Hall. 

In a recent interview in Los Ange-
les before an industry showcase per-
formance, vocalist Leonardo de 
Lozanne and guitarist Paco Huidobro 
(who both speak 'in English even 
though their four albums are sung in 
Spanish) spoke about their prospects 
for success in the U.S. 

~ What is different 
IIbout the new ....... Amcw 
ChlquIto? 

Lozanne: First of all, we recorded 
it in Los Angeles instead of New 
York. That was a big difference. Sec-
ond, we changed producers and 
worked with Gustavo Santaolalla and 
the other three albums we did with 
Martccn. Musically, the song!> are a 
bit less complicated. There's not so 

much confusion. The production helps 
us and doesn't interfere with the mu-
sic. 

What we .... pr0s-
pects of .. album in 
EncIsh? 

Lozanne: Well , we 
would have to write it in 
English because translating 
the lyrics wouldn't work. 
We would love to do it. 
We're not going todie with-
outdoing it. We would have 

to come here and live here for awhile. 
What ... it •• Iivinc in Los 
AnpIes wille you recorded 
,.,... ....... ? 

Lozanne: Compared to New York? 
Boring. 

Huidobro: We were more isolated 
in Burbank. We would spend the 
whole day in the studio. 

Lozanne: We weren't distracted 
and that was a good thing. ' 
Have you noticed YOW' p0pu-
larity increainc In .... U.S.? 

Lozanne: Yes, especially in Cali-
fornia, Texas and Chicago. Now the 
tour will go through go through Bos-
ton and Washington. We are also go-
ing to Columbia and Argentina. In 
May, we are going to Spain. 
You 11M videos when yau play 
lYe. WIud ... those •• ? 

Huidobro: Mo 't1y homemadestuff 
- some computer-gener,ued graph-

The UCSD Guardilll 
.. Thursday, February 15, 1996 

R.y~· The b d F b' . counesy 01 
• an 0 la combines a variety of influences on its latest album, Arnor Chiquita. 

ics. We just try to have a little more 
fun. 
Who do you consider .. yow 
musical inftuenc:es? 

Huidobro: I think the only com-
mon influence is the Beatles. Every-
one of us has their whole collection. 
We like David Bowie and my hero 
now is Iggy Pop. I also like T. Rex. 
Our keyboard player loves Indian and 
African music. Our bass player likes 
music like China Crisis and Book of 
Love. We also like Garbage and the 
Pixies. 
Do you consider your music: 
alternative? 

Huidobro: We're alternative and 
non-alternative at the same time. The 
word altemative is for selling. I think 
our music is alternative here because 
it is in Spanish,justlike theSugarcubes 
were because they sang in Icelandic. 

Lozanne: We don't stop to think 
about those things. 

Howdoyoudefine~ 
poIIIcaIy? 

Huidobro: In Mexico, that 's all 
that you hear about. In our concerts, 
we like to have lots of different feel· 
ings. One song is very strong and 
anotherisslow. The song "Revoluci6n 
sin Manos" isn't a revolutionary idea. 
Some get the wrong idea about it. 
So what is the song about? 

Huidobro: II's a thought, propos· 
ing the revolution that shou ld be, but 
never is. In Mexico, we are used to 
having someone else fix our problems 
for us. The song says, "we don' t need 
another hero or another new leader." 
Each one of us needs to change his 
way of thinking. That's the ideal of 
revolution everywhere. 
How do you see yotnelves in 

relationship to .... U.S.? 
Lozanne: Fonunately, we don' t 

live in Tijuana and we live far away. 
Originally, when we were growing up 
in the '70s, America had a huge influ-
e nce on Mexico. Everyone wanted to 
ha ve Jordache jeans and M&M's. All 
you heard was American music. When 
you tum on the television you would 
see "Starsky and Hutch," a Japanese 
film and a Columbian newscast, so 
there were lots of different influences. 
Every Mexican band has so Qlany 
different inlluences, because we al-
ways let different cultures come in. 
Obviously the U.S. is a big influence, 
but not the only one. 
How do you feel about being a 
sex symbol? 

Lozanne: Well, Howard Stem i 
considered a sex symbol so it' s not a 
comfort. 

Semester, SIJnmer 
and Year ProgrCITIS 

Ecuador • Spoin 
Englond • Froll(e 
Conodo • Mexico 

Chile .Ito~ 

! - -

/ /J ~ ... " . / ') , ~ ,/ ,,''''''',,,," \.~ _"S~ )~/ . '!?', ,?<'\ 
" l'l.( .'4) ,.,o~' '1\../ .. C" , ~~-~-.~:,J : 'gf: 

.... / ,.. ()~)~ 
Costa o/erae 'lJeri::JfnJ 

COSME1IC & FAMILY DlNTIS1IY & ow SURGE;; j 
We'm,ppen evenings and weekends! • Ask about our special 

student prices! .. Prompt and gentle care in a beautiful 
private office! • Straighten teeth without braces! 

Special introductory offer-$150 teeth whitening (per arch) 
24 Hour Emerpncy Availablel • Plenty of free parking! 

CallusJoranappojntment 622.1007 
1650 o.n.... "'-., SuiN 312 

msurance plans and most major credit cards 
---------------

.... 

o P I \" I I B I~ I \ I~' I h I II NEW PATIENT 
./PECIA.L' r-:t.cr=:., *45°0 : 

... ,.,...., ......... __ I 
--------------_ .. 

lbunday, February IS, 1996 The UCSD Guardian 

counesy I 
Stayln. a1lv.: Vic (John Travolta) intimidates fellow pilot Riley (Christian Slater) in Broken Arrow. 

Dogfight in the Desert 
Director John Woo redeems himself with 

Broken Arrow, his secondfilm made in the U.S. 
By Peter Chene 
Senior Staff Writer 

Fans of Hong Kong police thrill-
ers are no stranger to the 
name John Woo. From 
his intemational hit, The 
Killer, starring Chow-
Yun Fat, to cult classics 
like A Better Tomorrow 
and Hard Boiled, Woo 
has firmly established a 
reputation in Asia as the 
premier director of ul-
tra-violent Hong Kong films. Al-
though he is internationally famous 
for hi s lavishly choreographed 
shOOlOut scenes and unique use of 
camera effects, Woo remains virtu-
ally unknown in the United States as 
a director. 

After a disastrous production of 
hi s first American film , Hard 
Target, with lean -C laude Van 
Dammc, Woo was rumored to have 
vowed never to make a movie in the 
United Slates again. Fortunately, fans 
of Woo's ignature films are given 
anotherchance. to see his wizardry, as 
he enters Hollywood's arena a second 
time with Broken Arro~. 

IMPROV: 'Hip-
hop serves the same 
function as jazz' 
Continued from pag. H13 
virtualize it. Quincy's voice will 
seem to come from the drums 
themselves. I wanted that Ilex-
ibility. I find myself extracting 
certain themes and bringing them 
into the music. 

One theme involves seeing how 
basketball is an expression of Af-
rican-American physicality and 
strategy . Basketball is a jazz 
model. It has a hip-hop veneer. 
Basketball is a form of signifying, 
if you want to use the Henry Louis 
Gates' model. When the players 
make these incredible moves or 
when they diss each other, it's 
part of the rhetoric. Quincy brings 
that out in thepoety. Steve Schick, 
the percussionist, becomes the rap-
per. 
You wrote "Vo, ••• r" In 
1 •• 7. Haw you chanpd 
1t7 

It always changes. I've done 

Set in the breathtaking desert me-
sas of Arizona and Utah, the peaceful 
landscape belies a menacing plot by a 

renegade Air Force pilot to 
ransomthelivesofmillions 
with a stolen nuclear 
weapon, termed a broken 
arrow. 

As the film begins, the 
viewer sees two boxers 
square off in a nondescript 
boxing ring. One fighter 
clearly overmatches the 

other, offering punishing blows and 
easily dodging the half-hearted jabs 
of his opponent. Everything is not as 
it appears; we quickly discover that 
the two are friends. 

Vic Deakins (John Travolta), the 
older mentor, taunts as he teaches a 
few things to his partner, Riley Hale 
(Christian Slater). Vic offers some 
foreshadowing in the process: "Sec 
that? I gave you a left, a left , another 
lefl, and just when you think I'm 
going to give you another left, I get 
you with a right!" 

As the two prepare for a routine 
test flight over the American South-
west in a stealth bomber, Riley quips, 

"Voyager" several ti mes here but 
not like this. The differences is 
that it expanded suddenly. It al-
ways had a concerto model. The 
idea is that the performer is in 
dialogue with a computer, and the 
two have a musical conversation. 

The idea is to have a form of 
computer music which functions 
in African-American cultural 
terms. At the same time, it appro-
priates the classical, orchestral 
model but redefines it as interac-
tive and non-hierarachical. As 
improvisors, that's what we do. 
We Jisten to each other and make 
judgments. It's not different from 
any other everyday life situation 
- a job interview, for example. 
How did ,OU flnt ,.t Int_· 
.. ted in .lectronic mu." 

I did my first computer piece in 
1979. Before that, I did involve 
myself with synthesizers, analog 
of course. I've been involved in 
electronic music for 20 years, but 
always with the goal of integrat-
ing it with improvisation. 
Are ....... M, contenIpo 
..."rodc~whoUH 

"You know, the day we declare war 
on Utah, we're really going to kick 
ass." From that point on, the two fly a 
mission which proves to be a night-
mare, as Deakins moves to deliverthe 
nuclear payload to waiting partners 
below. Acat-and-mouse game begins 
in earnest, as the two former friends 
try to outfox each other in the Utah 
desert. 

Like James Bond films, the vio-
lence in Broken Arrow is stylized and 
demands a higher suspension level of 
disbelief than most films. Viewers 
expecting a believable plot and realis-
tic cinematics will not appreciate the 
liberties Woo takes with reality. But 
the beauty of his films lie much in his 
ability to weave the story around his 
classic themes of tragic friendship, 
betrayal and personal honor. 

Fans of Woo's work who were 
disappointed by the mediocre plot in 
Hard Target should see Broken Ar· 
row. Thenon-Chincse-speaking Woo-
aficionados who' ve suffered through 
dubbed versions of The Killer will 
cnjoy a decent John Woo film, in 
which the characters' lips actually 
move with their lines. 

== 

computers like you do? 
I don't think so. My feeling is 

that part of what I'm trying to do -
[ have to admit I listen more to hip-
hop than alternative music - with 
"Northstar Boogaloo" is that what 
I'm trying to is similar to hip-hop. 
What [ like about hip-hop is the 
theatricality of it and its multi-lay-
ered approach. [ think [take a differ-
ent approach to playing mUltiple 
rhythms. It 's Ii ke Coltrane, who said 
he found the need for more rhythm. 
When he said more rhythm, he meant 
different rhythm. More like certain 
African music. There may not be a 
single rhythm people can follow in 
my music. 
....... repIec:ed Jazz? 

Hip-hop serves the same func-
tion as jazz but what we have now in 
music is not a succession. For me 
jazz and hip-hop exist simulta-
neously, and they both have some-
thing to offer. The question that one 
seems more marketed than the other 
is a question of the moment. It 
doesn't mean that just because M1V 
stops doing it, everyone smashes 
their records. 

H1Arus 15 

UC ~AN DIEGO .*' 
~rl~¢·tl~.¢·g 

WINTER EVENT. 3EA.ON 
Chla,.'. Premi8l1o.nc. &tImpln, 

FIubbard Street 

DANC·E 
Chicago 

FEBRUARY 24 & 25 
SATURDAY AT SPM • SUNDAY AT lPM 

SPRECKELS THEATER' TICKETS: $21 - 36 , 

The World Famous 
GLENN MILLER 

ORCHESTRA 

C Tbld' ana laD 
Brass 

MARCH 6 
WEDNESDAY' 8PM 
UCSD MANDEVILLE 
AUDtTORIUM 
G.A. $25 
STUDENTS $18 
SR. CIT. $20 

FEBRUARY 28 
WEDNESDAY • 8PM 
UCSC PRICE CENTER 
BALLROOM 
G.A. $20 
STUDENTS $15 
SR. CIT. $17 

MARCH 9 
SATUItOAY ..... UCSD MANDEVILLE AUDITORIUM 

G.A. S2S' STuDlENTS $115' SIt.CIT. ,18 

...... ... -. UCSD Box OFFICE 
UC811 U., • l'Y 1If'S"TlXS E ...... a .... ~ 

rii:XWp,~ 
--~.:--­...:=:. ........ 

.. 



HlAnJS 16 The UCSD 0uMdian 

nconcert 
-Re~WS~ __________ _ 
NOFX lives up to its reputation as playful punk 
band at sold-out show at SOMA Live 

NOFX returned to SOMA Live songs such as "Phillhy Phil Philan-
for a sold-out show last Thursday for thropist." "Hobophobic" and "What's 
another mind-blowing set of its dis- the Maner With Kids Today'!' A 
tinctive navorof punk. When NOFX simple sound check before 
the band appeared on stage, it the performance resulted in 
was greeted with the cheers clearsound, an unusual qual-
and screams it has come to expect ity for SOMA. As .a result, all of 
But the usually playful mood of Mike' s lyrics, as well as some excel-
singerlbassist Fat Mike led to five lent bits of sporadic trumpet playing 
very long minutes of verbal quips by guitari!IC EI Heffe, could be heard. 
before finally breaking into "Lino- The evening started off on the 
leum." At which point the crowd slow side, with newcomer Pulley 
surged toward the stage en masse. being given liule more than a sit-

The play list consisted primarily down reaction from the crowd, de-
ofsongsfromthepast,suchas"Oon't spiteafast-pacedassortmenlBracket 
Call Me White," and several new soon followed: a band which seemed 

more than a liule out of place playing 
traditional rock-ballad-type sonJ. 
rather IhIII the fast-paced style of 
music most NOFX fans expect. 

After a solid SCI, the band ex-
pressed thanks for not being lynched 
for playing mostly ballads at a punk 
show. 

The third opening Kt was Snuff, 
who gave the crowd a generous sam-
pling of its Creole/groove style of 
music. But a good series wasn't 
enough to quell the belligerent mood 
of some of the more impatient con-
cert-goers. 

nrecord 
-ReVleWS __ _ 

Dan Lee 
Wood 

Singer-guitarist and Warren 
College senior Dan Lee has cre-
ated a vital, sonic puree of Stone 
Roses' rhythms and lyr-
ics, in the vein of Liz 
Phair, on his debut al-
bum, Wood. 

One particularly 
clever song, "Granola 
Girl," provides a humor-
ous description of a 
hairy girl who wants to 
save the world. Another 

ery rhyme set to alternative mu-
sic. 

The music on Lee's debut 
ranges from haunting, 
distorted melodies to 
clean, earthy songs. 
Overall, the combination 
of the album 's unique 
musical variation and 
strong guitar riffs make 
it a worthwhile listen. 

Wood is available at 
Off the Record in 

track, entitled "Bottom of the Hillcrest. 
Sea," sounds like a warped nurs-

•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

Warren Students Only - ..... 
Details: 534-3068 

AWESOME SAVINGS 
With Quality Film D~veloping at 

Hpxt Day Sprvicp· on mo~t color roll~ 
Largp mpnu of ~prvicp~ including rpprint~ 

pnlargpmpnt~. ~lidp~. B&W §prvicp~, gift 
itpm§ & morp 
Join our FREE Photo Club & rpcpivp FREE 
Fuji film or FREE dPvplopinq 
Film & di§po~ablp campra§ on ~ale NOW! 

Lccatpd on thp 2nd lpvpl at thp Pricp Cpntpr 677-9000 

~~i!.~~~~~~SAVE.~ yo~~~ ord.rl 
I $100 OFF! ~ I 
, Off Ii t a nv ro II t , 
, pr app ps 0 J.e , 

dpwlopilM) & prtntiftCJ of a'!Y Di!tc. ~ 
I 110. 126 or 135 color roll FUm f I 
I (C-41 p'rocP!ts onl,) into Sin,lp or ofj I 
, Twin 3", ... or 5" sizp color crtnt!t. ·1' 
, 5" & Panorama !ttzp availab p :! I 
I from 115 ONLY. ~ I 
I • bpit113/1/1996 j I 
, (ejell0l , 
L _______ .2!.~!~.!~_~, 

L 

••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

: 1M Di ... F.1k a.ita •• Pr_ ... : 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

Singer;' . ters San : 

: and 
• 
:Joe Rathburn 
• 
• 
• :Q~I Restaurant : • e Located in the • 
• Shiley Sports Center, , ..... , PM'. • : --= 10820 N. Torrey Pillet! Rd. : 
• $2 dUcourU with ad. Admit IJM. CAll 4364030 for information . • 
••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

AND 

LIGHTING D~IGN (THDE 124) 
Light up your love life I Learn 

to handle light and color in your life 
with a series of hands-on lab projects 

led by Tony-Award Winner 
Chris Parry. 

Prarequiah: THDE 121 
or coneant of inS1ructof. 

IN Dr.&IGN (THD[ 133) 
STYLE .. ATTmJDE .nd IMAGE 

Tuaa.fThurs. 1 :~2:50 p.m. 
Location: GH 1200E 

Understand, create and project 
STYLE as part of your personality 
expression through viewing important 
and controversial theatre and film 

performances. 
Instructor: Andrei Both. 

Prerequisite: None. 
Wad./Fri. 9:30-11 :00 8.m. 

location: GH 1205 PQINCIPL~ of COLLAl)ORATION: 
fI De.olign Team Approach ('I'I1DE 138) 

NEWT-THIS CLASS IS FOR YOU, BUD. 
Professor Ranson's new class is a vital link in 

providing the skills necessary to work successfully 
in a creative environment with opinionated 
co-workers. Design a variety of interesting 
TV sets, Mshow" curtains, department store 

displays, one act plays, etc., as 
part of a design team. 

PrerIquiIIIe: THDE 1 or parmi8IIon of Inftuctor. 
TI*JThura. 10:00-11:50 a.m. 

LocIIIan: TUM. WlH ~07, 
TIua. BH 12OOt1N 

. Thursday, Febnwy IS, 1996 

Blood 
Ties 

Elina Gertsmans 
exhibit at the 
Grove Gallery 

, . 

IS engag~ng 

By HoII ... Gallup 
Guard/an Reporter 

In her paintings, Elina Gertsman 
draws upon her Russian background, 
Jewish heritage and American expe· 
riences. Gertsman, who currently has 
several paintings and one drawing on 
display at the GroveCafe(theexhibit 
runs at least through the end of the 
month) has studied art in 
both her native Estonia and 
in Moscow. 

She began auending art 
school at the age of nine 
and transferred to UCSD 
last year. When describing 
her work, she speaks of 
how her Jewish heritage as 
well, as hcrexperienccs liv-
ing in the former Soviet Union, have 
influenced her art. 

"People say that Jewish blood is 
felt over generations. I always find it 
expresses itself in my paintings. J 
can't get rid of it; it 'sjust there," she 
said. 

Marc Chagall is another obvious 

Wash 
Post Book World as 
"a serious writer who 
actually connects," 
will be discussing 
and signing copies 
of his latest hit 

The UCSD Guardilll 

Cou"'l'f 01 Geltsllllll 

H1Arus 11 

Rethinking Photography 
Show at University Art Gallery 
features farrwus photographs 

.y HoilencI G .. lup 
Guardian Reporter 

Sometimes the saying, "the more 
the merrier," isn' t always 
true. This was indeed the 
case in the University Art 
Gallery 's current exhibi-
tion, "After Art: Rethink-
ing 150 Years ofPhotogra-
phy," which runs through 
March 23. 

focus on the images themselves, 
which isdifficuh to !10 because of the 
sheer number of pictures hung in the 

gallery. The walls end up 
overcrowded, with lillie or 
no space left between the 
images. 

Coeor.d emotions: One of Elina Gertsman's untitled paintings. 
Her work is on display at the Grove Gallery. 

The exhibition presents 
nearly I 50 images from the 
collection of Joseph and Elaine 
Monsen,twoprivatecollectorsbased 
in Seattle, who began amassing their 
photographs in the late '60s. Their 
collection ranges from a small 
calotypeby photography's inventor, 
William Henry Fox Talbot, to a large 
color print by one of Germany 's most 
promi nent artist photographers, Tho· 
mas Struth. In short, the works in this 
exhibition offer a rare survey of mas· 
terworks throughout the history of 
photogmphy. 

Recognizing this pr0b-
lem, the gallery 's curators 
decidedtoleaveoutanum-
ber of photographs which 
came as part of the original 
exhibition. They have also 

provided a schematic guide to the 
show which gives the identity and 
location of each of the photographs. 
However, this provides yet another 
distraction from actually viewing the 
photographs. Gallery patrons lind 
themselves with their heads buried in 
the guides, rather than enjoying the 
incredible photographs which make 
up this exhibition. 

influence en Gertsman's paintings. 
Like Chagal!, who was also Russian 
and Jewish, Gertsman paints with III 

airy, dream-like quality. 
Consistent themes 

emerge throughout her 
material, such as her focus 
on the female fonn and the 
sense of melancholy which 
radiates from her artwork. 
Although she tends to paint 
with sketchy, quick brush 
strokes, herdrawi ngs, such 

as 'The Snail," are done in a very 
precise and deliberate manner. She 
attributes tradit ions of the Northern 
Baltic regions to this form of graphic 
design. 

"In Estonia, they pay lots of atten-
tion to their graphics. In pamting. you 
can cover your drawing's mistakes," 

she said. "In the academies, their 
drawing is considered very impor-
tan\." 

The colors in her paintings tend to 
be various tones of blues and greens. 
1llcy overlap and mix with lillie dis-
tinction between one color and the 
next, expressing movement and flu· 
idity. 

Intense and emotional , 
Gertsman' s paintings are quiet and 
somewhat subdued in their presenta· 
tion. Contrary to the screaming col· 
ors and bold geometric qualities of 
some contemporary art, her work 
suggests a more self·involved and 
distant approach to the medium. 

The engaging exhibit is currently 
on display at the Grove Cafe Gallery. 
For more information, call Gertsman 
at 535-8214. 

1llc various printsare divided into 
six thematiescctions, the only visible 
mode of organization for the show. 
Furthennorc, these sections are am· 
biguous and vague in relation to the 
photographs. There are no wall la· 
bels offering such sUlIldard infonna· 
tion as titles, dates or the artist's 
name. Thus, viewers are forced to 

Despite these faults, "Aft er Art ; 
Rethinking ISO Years of Photogra-
phy" is definitely worth seeing. Per· 
haps a larger gallery space, some-
thing UCSDdespemtcly needs, would 
have been more conducive to an ex-
hibition of this size. 

Nevertheless, thc present show-
ing gives students a mre opportunity 
to sec the works of some of the most 
important and innuential photogra-
phers throughout history. 

Sianrord Telccum I ~ II wu rld leader III Ill(· tcchnoloJi(Y (or SQtelllt~ Co mmun ic llion1) for 
bJlh foxed .nd mohik: Jl(., usa>, rrm:,lri.1 WI~u f..ommllnlc.llons using OCDMA . Ihgh ~pecd 

~ Commlln;calion, for 1",_, acca ... ld Pn:chion GPS Posilloning us'!IIl Psc:udotilcs 

e illBe 
Intervi~wing 
On Campus 
February 29, 1996 
We An? Now /firing For: 

• ASIC Design EnglneetS 

• Digital Design Engineers 

• RF Design Engineers 

• Software/Firmware Engineers 

• ATM Software EnginBBrs 

• System Engineers 

Hope /0 See You on Campus. 

If you II" uJlllbio /0 ~ II" U1f.ClImpus l"tnvItow II/ibis 
11_, ~ JoruwurJ JIO'U rrswM, IIIdkIlling Job Colle '0: 
SlanIotd Tdecom. HR DtpI .. Job Codc_ 
P.o 801 3733. Sunnynk. CA ~3m 
fu 10: (4011) 74~3 18 
omalI addtaI: hrJobohdhq.com 

STANFORD 
TELECOM-

A IJIIIIII T~ <AIII*Ir 

• 

( 



I. 

HIATIlS 18 

Big City Politics 
Al Pacirw plays a troubled 

mayor in City Hall 
8y 8111 Glanzmann 
Staff Writer 

Do you remember when AI Pacino 
coldly and brilli antly 
dominated the big screen 
amid a nu rry of horrific 

, violence in Tire Godfatlrer 
Pari /I and Scaiface? Or 
when he was the calm and 
calculated focal poinl in 
the middle of the savage 
brutality of Car/ito ' s Way 
and Serpico? Well, unfor-
tunately, in director Harold Becker's 
cluttered drama, City Hall, the focus 
shifts away from Pacino. As a result, 
the film suffers because the rest of the 
cast 18I?ks his on-screen presence. 

Pacino plays John Pappas, the dy-
nam~ mayor of New yart City. He 
skillfully tackles all of the problems 
of a sprawling metropolis with the 

.; helpofhiseagerdeputy mayor, Kevin 
Calhoun (John Cusack). Soon, how-
ever, the crossfire in a bizane shoot-
out between a rogue cop and a Ma-
fioso drug dealer leaves a child dead. 
Pappas and Calhoun scramble to con-
tain any possibility of a massive scan-

dal. 
At thiS point, the spotlight regret-

tably turns away from Pac lIlo and 
onto Cusack, who lIlexplJ-
cably teams up With allor-
ney Marybeth Corgan 
(Bridget Fonda). He be-
gins trekking around town 
like a third-rate gum~hoe, 
trying to unnlvel the secret 
behind the mysterious 
shooting. 

Calhoun slowly un-
eanhs a trai I of diny dealings between 
city officials and the Mafia, leading 
all the way up to the mayor's office. 
At this point, the plot devolves into a 
predictable detective story, entirely 
lacking in tension. suspense or believ-
ability . Funhermore, the movie 
reaches a wholly unsatisfying and anti-
climactic ending, as the idealistic 
Calhoun confronts his mercenary 
mentor, Pappas. 

City Hall would have been infi-
nitely more interesting and satisfying 
if it had focWlCd on Pacino and ex-
plored his character's experiences. 
Showing exactly how and why he 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, February IS, 1996 

Courtesy 01 Andy Schwartz 
P ..... turmoil: John Pappas (AI Paclno) plays a lawyer who has to face a pesky deputy mayor (John 
Cusack) in Harold Becker's new film City Hal/. 
changed from an honest and vi,nuous thoroughly corrupt Brooklyn politi-
public servant into an unscrupulous caJbosswhodeaJsintimatelywiththe 
dealmaker would have made ror a far Mafia. 
more fascinating story. In addition, Martin Landau makes 

In spite of these disappointmerlS, a convincing cameo as a stately supe-
Pacino turns in another splendid per- rior-coun judge who harbors a guilty 
fonnance. As the intense and kinetic conscience over a shady deal he made 
mayor, his sense of morality erodes in the past. 
under the incessant bargaining neces- The two mosldissatisfying perfor-
sary in public office. Danny Aiello is mancescome from Cusack and Fonda. 
also excellent as the charismatic and Normally a strong and versatile actor, 

Cusack's presenlalion is terribly irri-
tating, obnoxious and ertirely unbe-
lievable. As the upstart and idealistic 
deputy mayor, he is overty enthusias-
tic with his duties and in his admira-
tion of the mayor. Fonda's portrayal 
of an ardent government attorney is 
dreadfully dull and complelely 
uninspiring. 

City Hall opens tomorrow at the-
aters throughout San Diego. 

Family Plannln. AssocIates Medical tiroU" 

ABORnON TO 24 WEEKS 
(General or Local Aneath ... a) 

Pregnancy T .... !'I 
Earty Pregnancy Tilt' 
(I~'T_"""'~ 

Campus Interviews 
March 5, 1996 

OLOE, America's Full Service Discount BroJcerSM, is lookillJ 
for highly motivated individuals to establish a career in the 
brokerage business. 
Qualified college graduates who enter our 4-12 month Secu-
rities Training Program will prepare for Series 7 licensing 
and receive a wealth of experience womn, side-by-side with 
• successful stockbroker. 

OLDE's COMI'BNSATION PACKAGE INCLUDES: 
• AtaiidlYe .... ....,., A eomm ....... payou .. 
• ~ IIeaItb pIu A .acatlon lime 
• 481(t) Retiftmeat PIaa 

Campus interviews will be held on March ~, 1996. If you would 
like ID succeed in abe dynamic brokerage industry, please see 
your Career Center for more information or contact: 

OLDE DIIcoat SIDdlbrollen 
N ................. 
751 Grilwald Stnet 
DetnIt, MI 4IU6 
1 .... 937·0606 

~OLDE 

"" .. -............... 
--............... 
........, .. $ 
••. OD_UiII 39 
.1.00 .... 
....... 

COLORED LENSES 
......... .,.. . ...... .,. .... ·169 

M_,...... ..... 
· .... ·en.· .............. 
............. 
. .,.,.._ ...... 
................ ~ ...... 
...... -

0IIe .. ..,. 3/12/11 

lit. ".",. c.t., '.D. 
atI •• f." •.• ,.,,. .. 

4150 Rr.cENTS Pill Row SrI. 160 
U~".~"j __ I_'."~ 

4 

Thursday, February 15, 1996 

NO CIGAR: 
UCSD lost to SDSU 
Continued from ..... 24 
with a career-high 26 ki lis. 

lngame four, the more balanced 
Aztec attack managed to squeak 
out a victory. Led by !-ars Winter 
(44 kills) and a qua net of players 
with at le.ast IS kills in the contest, 
SDSU managed to stay alive with 
a narrow, 17- 15 triumph. 

The final set of the match, 
played under rally scoring, left 
nothing to be desired, as both 
squads emptiedtheirtanks in hopes 
of claiming San Diego volleyball 
supremacy. Unfortunately for the 
Tritons, it was the Aztecs who rose 
to Ihe occasion in the final min-
utes, taking the deciding set, 15-
13, to earn the victory . 

Once again, UCSD struggled to 
block its Division I opponents, as 
SDSU owned the airways for much 
of the match, outblocking the Tri -
tons, 43-20. 

"We' re getting better in all ar-
eas of our game: serving, receiv-
ing, passing," UCSD Head Coach 
Doug Dannevik said. "But block-
ing is an area we need to work on. 
II's something you just can't teach. 
It's about quickness and jumping 
ability, and right now, we're just 
not doing a good job of reacting to 
the baiL" 

GROUNDED: 
UCSD ousts Hawks 
ContInued from p.,. 24 
court against the Hawks . 

Among those who took full 
advantage of their opportunity 
to play was sophomore guard 
Krista Poehler, wh o managed 
eight points in 15 minutes on 
the floor. Poehl er shot a near-
perfec t four -of-fi ve from the 
floor and pulled down four re-
bounds. 

The Tritons now look to thei r 
contests thi s Friday and Satur-
day against Chapman and Cali-
fornia Lutheran . If UCSD per-
forms as well thi s weekend as it 
did against the Hawks, it will 
likely be heading to Minnesota 
for opening-round NCAA ac-
tion . 

TOURNEY: 
Tritons tackle Div. I 
Continued from page 22 
to reach the second round, as he lost 
in the first mund to an opponent from 
USD. Batra managed to hang on in 
the first round, defeating a Division 
ill rival from California Luthenm, 
but he lost his next match. 

The UCSD doubles teams also 
had some tough draws, as the num-
ber-one pair of Ben Becker and 
Brounslein lost in the first round, 8-
5, to the toumament's number-one 
seeds, from Pepperdi ne. 

TIle Tritons' number-two tandem 
of Wilson and Steidlmayer, won its 
opening match, 8-3, but came up 
short against a pair from San Diego 
State, losing 8-4. The number-three 
tandem of Mihet and Shabellost, 8-
5, in round one. 

"Overall, it was a good tourna-
ment," Turner said. "Nobody got 
an easy match, but everyone got 
the experience of competing and 
the pnctice of playin, Div. I play-
ers-and we're only ,oingtoplay 
at a higher level next weekend." 

The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 19 

UCSD CLUB SPORTS ROUND-UP 
Equestrian Women's Lacrosse Cycling 
TIle UCSD Equestrian Team trav-

eled LO Paddock Equestrian Center in 
Los Angeles last weekend to com-

A e in an intercollegiate horse show against some regional ri-vals, including Cal 
Poly Pomona, USC 

and Cal Poly San LuisObisbo. UCSD 
was hoping 10 qualify for the re-
gional and national championships 
with a strong showing. 

The team showcased its talent in 
both the English and Western styles 
of riding, coming away with many 
individual awards.UCSD was espe-
cially dominant in the English cat-
egory with jumping and flat sections. 

Hanh Nauyenl Guwan 

The UCSD cyc lin g team 
showed promise at the Long 
Beach Criterium last weekend. (I Placing second over-all . UCSD fi nished ahead of UC LA and just behind Sanla 

Barbara. 
Individually , Kri stine 

Schwinof won both the prime and 
overall race in the Women's B by 
out-sprinting the competit ion in 
the stretch. 

In the Women's A grouping, 
Katrina Berger placed third over-
all after she and Iwo other cyclists 
lapped the rest of the cvmpeti -
tion. 

With a team of II riders, UCSD 
started well on Saturday, led by Me-
lissa Moore, who took home a first 
place in the beginning walkltrotcom-
petition. Sunny Pyne showed her 
versitililY by placing third in the nov-
ice fences and second in the novice 

Offenstve threats: Sian Beilock (right) had eight goals, while her 
counterpart. Shannon Northrup, had five in UCSD's win. 

On the men 's side, Pete Haugh 
took third overall in the D sec-
tion, followed by Dave Schurig 
who grabbed fourth . Haugh and 
Schurig were able to survive a 
group which included a lot of 
crashes. In the Men's A, Ryan 
Cady rode well to gain a fourth 
overall finish . 

- flat. In the highly competetive ad-
vanced walk/trot competition, 
Meredith Karasch brought home a 
very respectable third-place finish. 

Even after performing well on 
Saturday, the riders had enough left 
to pull out all of the SLOps for the final 
compelition on Sunday. 

The jumping events gave UCSD 
the opportunity to show its strength 
in handling the horses. Shannon 
Gaff aney and Adriene Laksfoss took 
first and second, respectively, in in-
termediate fences, whi Ie Mati Galvez 
and Pyne did the same in the novice 
fences. The leam swept the inlenne-
diate flats category, led by Galvez, 
Julie Wolf and Gaffaney. 

"We performed well on Sunday," 
Gaffaney said . "And Adri ene 
Laksfoss was able to qualify for the 
regionals in the intennediate flat." 

The team will head to Cal Poly 
SLO on Feb. 24 and 25, in an attempt 
to advance to Regionals. 

- Steve Walsh 

The UCSD women 's lacrosse 
team had its first game since the 
winterbreak last weekend and looked 

sharp in a dominating 1. victory overOccidental College. The win was a solid stan to its Westem Collegiate LaCrosse Associa-
tion (WCLA) season. 

The team from Occi visited the La 
Jolla squads' hometurfandwasdorni-
nated by a UCSD team composed 
mostly of newcomers and coached 
by ex-player Nancy Vesper. 

UCSD' sinexperience, however, 
did not hinder the team, as it dealt 
Occidental a resounding, 20-6 de-
feal. 

Vesper's experience at finding 

WANTED!! ~B 
EBMUD 

CIVIL ENGINEERING GRADS 
FOR THE POSITION OF 

JUNIOR CIVIL ENGINEER 
$45,960 - $55,872* 

·Depending on qual ifications 
EBMUD, the West's largest independently operated water and 
wastewater facility, provides service for communit ies on the 
East shore of the San Francisco Bay. 
We can offer you: 

An environmentally-oriented organization 
Interaction with a large, diversi fied engineering staff 
Assignments providing quali fying experience for registration 
Opponunity for varied assignments including field work 
Advancement opportunities including tuition reimbursement 
Comprehensive benefits 

For application materials, call EBMUD, (5 10) 287-0735. 
Filing deadline is March 29, 1996. EEO/AA 

Spent all your 
cash on your 

lentine? 
uardian Ads can help you out! 

Sill Die&O Folk HerJtace 
ea OfF OOIICIIT ncun "ON ,I. 1. 

The UCSO Bookatore Pulse 
1ft 0fF1OOU • ____ • ___ ,. 17 ttOfF .... IIIVILOPIM ...... ,I. II 
Western Pacific Airlines Blllk of Commerce 
'74 A--. _____ ,.. ....IIiICMCK ___ .. _____ II •• 

CouncH Tr_t Aleunder', EleetroIyaI' 
...-.... a.couNYI_ .. _ .... ~ ,.U 

CInRIx WIrren Col"" 
.. OfF..."., ........ _ .. , WIII1IIIIi co.rar IIIIIZD_ ,.11 

the net must have rubbed off on 
UCSD's Sian Beilock, who became 
very familiar with the Occi 
netminder. Beilock led all scorers 
with eight goals in the contest. 

Shannon Nonhrup was a sec-
ond source of offensive might for 
UCSD, as she found the back of the 
net with blazing shots on six occa-
sions. Chris Moll also had three 
goals to aid in the UCSD triumph. 

In goal for the La lollans was 
Krislin Madigan, who knocked 
away five shols to keep Occidental 
from threatening. 

UCSD's next challenge will 
come at the Santa Bamara Shoot-
out this weekend. 

- Dan Kraft 

As was the case for most of the 
meet, UCSD scored most of its 
points in the primes - races 
within the main race which are 
used to keep a long race exciting 
and fresh - but lacked power in 
the sprints. 

"We made a real mess of the 
finish because we worked too hard 
early in the race in an attempt to 
establish a breakaway ," Ian 
Bellinger said. 

"Such a flat , fast course isn't 
suited for a breakaway, I guess," 
Bettinger added. 

- Sean Rahlml 

Club SportS: If you would like to see 
your sport above, bring your summaries to 
the Guarditln office by Thesday afternoon. 

The A. Gary Anderson 
Graduate School of 

Management 
MBA Program 

If you are looking for a highly respected MBA program 
that doesn't require work experience and one with: 

.University of California • Day and Evening ClIuses 
Tradition and Recognition 

eOutsltlrrding Professors 
.Nine Arras of Specialization 
-Small Classes with Close 

• Full-Time and Part-Time 
Enrollment 

• State of The 0411 Technology 
• An MBA Caner Services 

and Placement Center Student· Faculty Relations 

We have it! Specializations include: 
eAcc:ountlnl 
-Fllumc. 
-GeneRI M .... llftMllt 
-HRMIOB 
-lnle.-JanaJ Manqomenl 

• MIS 
e Manapmenl ScIeIKf! 
• Marked". 
e Production ,nd OIM 

Grants, FeIlo ..... lps and Teedliq ~DIIhI,. are .,..... ... 
Only two prerequisites .n required ror non·busi_ ~n. 
To receiye more Intormallaa or to 8Cbedule 1ft .ppo .. ! .... ~ caD: 
(909)787-4551, or E·Mall: p.,.k\lZlll(ltucr.edu 

The A. Gary Anderson Graduate School of Manaaemeat 

~ UNIVERSIlY OF CAUFORNIA 
RIvERSIDE 

i 

' 1 



, .... 

f • t 

-. 

20 CLASSIFIEDS 

A •• OUICEMEITS 
The GUARDIAN 

cusiiirED 
DISPLAY 

ADVERTISEMENTS. 
Announce your events, 
"'rt ... your busIness 

or send a Personall 

SIZES:* 
1 col. x2" $17.50 
ix3 $26.25 
ix4 $35 
ixS $43.75 

*Other .Ize. available. 
Come by the Guardian 
office In the Student 

Center A or call 
&34-3468 for more Info. 

Clubs. organizations. & Greeks· Increase 
membership, PR, and awareness In the 
Guardan announcements. (616) 
Peter Navarro wants your help I Work on a 
potIIIcaI campaignllntorneeting Thursday, 
3:30 pm San Francisco Room or cal 452· 
1888. (2115) 
Membersl The Alpha Kappa Psi Success 
SImilar is next weekendl Don't forget to 
aIIendI (211 5-V20) 
Coming Soon. Alpha Kappa Psi 
PrdIuIonaI Speaker Nltel (2115-2120) 
Hey WMen Studentsl Come to Medieval 
nm. on MaR:h 31d. Only $14.751 SVl· 
ups begin February 20th. LImIted Spaoel 
0uIatI0ns? 534-4731 (2115-V20) 
Uve In INTERNATIONAl HOUSE next 
year! located in Pepper Canyon; provides 
IntemaIIonaI a1rnosphere with residents 
from OVIr 30 countries. Mull be a Jr., Sr., 
oracMle student or reaearcher, by Ial. to 
apply. AppIicatioIIS available at Pepper 
CwIyon 0ItI0e. Due Man:h 8. CIuestIona? 
Call 534-2261 . (Vl5-314) 
WashilgIon DC '96. Catch the election 
year acIion as an intern in DC this summer. 
Come to the Academic Internship 
ProgrIm(Ut. Bldg. 3255) betore March Ito 
apply. Mull have 90 uniII , 2.5 GPA, and 2 
uppIIr-dYision couraes to be eligible. (V 
12·2115) 

The ucsb Guardian 

CLASSIFIEDS 
Classified advenising is sold in 20·word increments. Tht rail per 20 words is $2 for students (for 
personal use only), $3 for faculty and staff and $4 for others. Payment in advance is rtquired; 
therefort, ads must bt mailtd with a check (made payable to UCSD Guardian) or presented in person. 
Deadlints art 3 p.m. Thursday for Monday's issue, and 3 p.rn. Monday for Thursday 's issue. The 
Guardian reserves the right to refuse any advenising including but not limited to companionship ads. 
For more information caLi 534-5416. Mailing address: UCSD Guardian, Attn: Classified.f. 9500 
Gilman Drive, 0316, fA Jolia, CA 92093·0316. Actual location: Student Cmter A. top floor. 

Noon AI·Anon Meellng· Thursdays, 12·1 
pm. Suhe 406, Torrey PineS Center-South. 
For Information. call Michelle. 534-5523. 
(21&-3114) 
Muir Seniorsl Auditions for Graduation 
Speaker are Friday. February 23. Call 
Shannon in the Dean's office. 534-3587, 
for audition info. (218·2122) 
Multicultural Leadership Day Retreat· 
Sunday. February 25th , 9:30-5:00. 
Workshops on gender roles, 
communication styles. and cultural 
awareness. All students welcome. 
Regstration deadline is Friday, February 
16. Only $3.00, includes lunch. Sponsored 
by the Student Allirmative Action 
Commillee(SAAC) and the Student 
Affirmative Action & Human Relations 
Programs. 534-6708 for morelnlormation 
to sign upf (218-2115) 
Isrseli& Intemalional Folk Dancing. 51.00, 
LaJola Village Square Community Room. 
Saturdays 7:30 pm. Spec\alors welcome. 
FIIl.lrIencIy andc:ulturalexperlence. 469· 
9559 (215-2120) 
WanenOrientationLeadersneeded. Great 
benatils. great people, great fill. AW-/ In 
Warren Dean's Otb. literature Bldg. 
13240. 534 ... 731 (215-2129) 

EMPLOYMENT 

Uslnc GUARDIAN 
c ..... fIeda to hire 
students? Buy a 

Display CI .. ltIed and 
,el your ad notIcedl 

Call 634-3466 for 
morelnfol 

execs. 10 work FTIPT. SaJesexp.preterred, 
but will train. High commlsion only. need 
reliable transportation. Call M-F between 
9·12, ask for Todd, 299·8474. (V1S) 
$Cruise Ships Hiringl Students needed I 
$$$ + Free Travel (Caribbean. Europe. 
Hawaii!) SeasonaVPermanent, no expr. 
necessary. Gde. 919-929-4398ext.C1109 
(2115-4") 
Salesperson needed for local internet 
access provider. Aexible schedule. Please 
call 638-2020. (2115-2120) 
Hostess'Espresso Bar. Part time. 
Weekends and holidays. SSt 0 S7illour + 
tips. Ad\'ance \0 loodserwr(S100'shifl) . 
AW-/7 arn-2pm Monday·Friday. seePtlil. 
The Eggery, 4130 Mission Blvd .• Pacific 
Beach. (2112·2122) 
Muir Musical Ensemble needs rehearsal 
planlsltorlheirproduclion SweeneyTodd. 
Must sight read. expo accompanying 
singers. Paid. Call 534-4965. (2112-2115) 
Computer Technical support posiIion PIT 
for Iocai IntemelllCC8SSprovider. Must be 
lamiliarwIPC'sandMac's. URixexperience 
helpful. Please cal 838-2020. (2112-2115) 
RapkIy expanding tetecommooications 
company seeking managers. trainers. and 
pubtk:: speakers. leave name and I'lIIlIber 
lor Interview. 683-9633 (2112·311 .. ) 
Chiidcare-lnfant.lIve-<Q. own trans., 1 FI 
T pref. or 2 prr, .... F, 45 hrs .• reta. raq'd. 
noo-smoking. Er9Ish speaker. La Jolla 
ShoAls, 453-7813. (V12·V20) 
Residlnt AcMsors· Private in'l schoof on 
the campus of UnIted Sliles 1nl8ma1lonal 
lJnIversity seeking In!hiduaIs with strong 
leadership, organizational skills, and 
enthusiasm. Uve on campus. All aree 
college students wetcorne 10 apply. Hours 
mostIyevesJMcndl. CompenaaIIon: Room 
& BoIId + $1251per mo. FAX rasume to: 
693-0878 ATTN: Houaing DireclOf (2112· 
2115) 
Teach Engllsllin Korea· PoaiIIons available 
monthly. SA or BS degree required. UX 
$18,500-$23,400/yr. Aa:ornodation & 

Student Works Painting is hiring branch 
operators for summer of 1996. Duties 
include: marketing/sales/production 
management. Avg. summer earnings 
$8,000. Call8()()'394·6000. (211-4/1) 
Secure that summer job nowl Great for 
students. Room + board and more. Order 
now. 1-800-854-4648. Not a Emp. Agent. 
(1129-2129) 
$1750 weekly possible mailing our circulars. 
No experience required. Begin now. For 
info, call 301-306-1207. (1/25-9125) 
Teach EnQ'ish in Eastern Europe· 
Conversational English teachers needed 
in Prague, Budapest, or Krakow. No 
teaching cellilicale or European languages 
required Inexpensive Room & Board + 
other benifi1s. For Inlo, caB (206)971·3680 
ext. 1<59761. (1f16-V15) 
Fast tundraiser- Raise $500 in 5 days-
Greeks, groups . clubs. motivated 
individuals. Fast. easy· no financial 
obligation. (800)862·1982 EXT. 33 (1/16-
5(16) 
Artlculale. enthusiastic students wanted to 
help raise monev for UCSD. $6Ihr. plus 
bonus. Contact UCSD Telephone 
Outreach Program. 535-1433. (1/8·2127) 
CRUISE SHIPS NOW HIRING· EARN UP 
TOS2,~worklngonCrulseShips 
or Land Tour oompanies. World travel. 
Seasonal and full·time employment 
available. No experience necessary. For 
mote Information cafll-206-971·3550 ext. 
C59762. (118-2115). 
TRAVELABROAOANDWORK· Makeup 
to$25-45t'hr. leaching basic calVerI8:ionai 
EngIsh in Japan. Taiwan or S. Korea . No 
teaching backpn1 or Asian languages 
required. For information call 1·206-971· 
3550 ext. C59762. (tI8-V15). 
NATIONAL PARKS HIRING - Posilions 
818 nowavailableat NatIonal Parks. FOfests 
and Wildlfe Preserves. Excelent benefits 
and bonuses. 1·206·971·3550 ex\. 
C59762. (118-2115) . 

.. 
- . . 

Thursday, February IS, 1996 

1AIIIIIaI. 453-2167 Of 552-0283. (V1 S-V 
20) 

Need to rent your 
hou .. or apartment? 
Place a GUARDIAN 
cl .. lfIed display ad 
and ,81 ready for your 
phone to rln,l 

Mira Mesa, room in 2·story house, quiet 
neighborhood. community poof. washer' 
dryer. Non-smoker. no pets. $290 plus 1/ 
4 uti!. 578·2511 (2115) 
Room lor rent. Large house 5 min. walk to 
UCSD. Single room, share bathroom. 
Washer/dryer, cooperative household. 
$375 + 1'5 utilities. 453·2663 (2115·2126) 
Room lor rent: $425 + utililiesor$265each 
for two people. Master bedroom. interior 
bathroom. Washer. dryer. frigJmlcrowave. 
to minutes from campus. Looking for a 
female(preferably). New. clean. condo, no 
pets. Call Deevana, 453-6962. (2115·21 
20) 
Finally! Room available March 1 sl: La 
Jolla Blvd. across street from 7'i1leven and 
windansea beach. S34OImonth. (619)456-
7676 (2115·2122) 
Need Female roommate. W Colony Apt .• 
nearbus stop, wastVctyer. pooVspa, sauna, 
gym, garage, dishwasher, cheap rent. cool 
roommates and neighbors. Call 457 -ClO69, 
Elisa. (2112-2t.!9) 
2 Single rooms for rent. Females onfy. 
Playmor condo. $340 + 1/4 utililleslroom. 
Call 622·9688 or 558·7909. (2112·2129) 
$365/mo .• 1/4 block from Scripps 
Oceanography and beach. Will share 2 
bedroom furnished apt. with professionaf 
lemale or grad student. UtIlities Included. 
References required. Available Feb. 1. No 
smoking, no pets. Call ElIzabeth, 454-
5558. (2112·2115) 
No car? No probIemf Room available in 
spacious 1700 sq. II. townhouse less than 
112 mile from East Parking Shuttle, fuHy 
fumished common area with large Ilvlnw 
dining. fireplace. cable 'TV. washer and 
dryer. end oo~ . $395 + 1/4 utilities. Please 
calf John 0457·9821 . (2112·2129) 

GREJNFOI Wed .. Feb. 14. 7 pm. Gallery 
B, prfce Ctr.: "The Truth About the GRE 
ComPuter·AdaptIve TesI(CAT)". Howdoes 
the CAT ~re to the pencif·and-paper 
version? Should you prepare any 
differently? We" anawer these questions 
and Inore atlhls seminar. Praented by 
Paul, Dickstein, Academic Director of 
Kaplan. For more Inlo: 534-0501 . (2112·21 
15) • 

round·tripalrfareprovided. Send resllTl8. 
Illustrator: Experienced. talented In copy 01 diploma. and copy of passport 10: H o u S I N Roommate wanted, master bedroomlbath. G 4 bedroom home on quiet acre in Del Mar. Share with mom + kids 7,10. $450/mo .• 

possible trade for some chifdcare. No 
partiers or short termers please. Cathy. 
792·3n8. 793·9069. (2112·2122) 

SKf 3 days President's Day Weekend at 
Taol(New Mexico). February 16·19. 
Airfare, 3 ~ts only $199. 893-1133 (21 
12·2115) 
ChineaeNew Year Fest· Fri, 'lI23, 4:30-10 
pm OPrice Center (theater & Ctul King 
lou). Into-Hong, 678-0332. (V12·2115) 

representing ablllract ideas. lor SeII·Hetp Bok JI CoIporaIion. Churl Bang Bldg .• 154· 
Psychology Book. Short·Term, immediate. 13 Samsung Dong, Kang Nam Gu, Seoul, 
Dr. Parent. 558-0122. (V15-2I2O) Korea 135-090. Tel : 011·82·2·555· 

Ce T . JOBS(5627) FAX:Ol1·82·2·552· Summer Camp Jobs at mp awonga. 4FAX(4329) (2112.317) 
Interviewing on campus 212&'96. II you 
love Yosemite. Kids, and making a Avon Sales. Work own hours. Eam up to 
ditlerencejoinoursummerstaflteam. Now 50% of sales. 800-414-7091 (2112·2122) 
hiring: counselors. wilderness leaders, 
maintenance, lie guards, kitchen sian, Arts 
and Crafts, and more.".Call534-4500 for 
an applicalion and to IChedUe an interview. 
A service of IheJewish Community. (Vl5-
2122) 
Sales· Tourism magazine seeks 3 hard 
working, enthusiastic advertising acct. 

Being FIt Fitness Centers Is hiring sales! 
fitness Instructors. Part lime & full time. 
Please calf 549-3456. (218-2122)] 
Excel T etecommunicalions· Looking lor 
lull or part·lime managing representatives. 
For information to join our team. catl688· 
7333. (215-2120) 

The Guardian is now hiring 

Q lJ.11 ifi(·d App I i (,111 t '> rnll'>t have p rev inu,> ,>.llf,.., l'X pcriPIl C(', 
f~()()d COnll'lHJIl!Clti()11 -,i<IIj-" & 1"('11.11>1(· tr.lrl'>port.Hion 
Accepting Applications through FRIDAY, FEB. 23 

F () I' ,H j d i t i 0 I l.11 It If () "1 n.1 t i () 11 
C , II I A 1111 ,tl 5 J .~. 3 46 7 

-()'--
St()1' by til\' GlI,IIdl,II1 Offi< (. 

StIHj('llt CI'llt"1 A 
R,,"ll1 21 I 

• Gain Valuable Sales Experience 
• 9%-14% Commission 
• Flexible Hours 
• 15-20 hours per week 
• Work with small businesses 

• community leaders 

La Joila cottage· studio for one quiet 
nonsmoker. Oceanview. Private seclusion. 
Utilities included(excepl telephone) . $6501 
month. 459·1892 (2115-2122) 
Studio room(l2x17) plus own kichenette 
and bathroom. 8min. from campus , nr. 52 
+ 5, quiet cul-de-sac. on beautiful canyon, 
separate from main house. private. ldeaf 
renter-1 person, non·smoker. no pets. 
Includes all util~ies and cable TV. $4251 
month. 581-6682 (V15-2120) 

Own your own home·save rent doilars. 
Special savings UCSD staff & students. 
Walk to UCSD. 1.2.3 br. condos. 
$120.000+. Houses $195.000+. La ",oIla , 
Univ . City, Clairmont, Mira Mesa, & 
surrounding area realtor 13 years 
experience. Judith Haddox, R8I'Max Assoc. 
274-44n(2112·3114) 

Room available in University City house Studio roonVIumished. Bird RockIlaJoIla, 
with 4 other lemales. Rent $335 + 1/5 $4551mo. Utililiei paid. 1 block Irom 

ocean with private entrance. Microwave! 

BOOK Now 
FOR 

SPRING BREAK 
Mexico 
Miami 
New York 
Toklo 
LoniIon 
Paris 
F...adwt 
AMIt8d •• 

$112-
$142-
$185-
$265-
$209-
$209-
$22'-
$399* 

.... -::=-.::::.": ... ..::-..::...~ r:::"-' ___ • __ .... _._ 

....-, ................... ........ 

511 oua __ ....... AD 
HIlI UCSD SManI 

_Trrnel ~ 
Your On-Cimpus Travel Experts 

In the UCSD Price Center 
(ACIoss tom IN 1oobtoIt) 

452-0630 
..... M-f'9-S. W·l~51ftd S·t~2 

Thursday, February IS, 1996 

!WIg. Vet'f quiet, no peII/Imoking. Day 
236-8574. Evening~. (2J8.2I2O) 
Roommate wanted: Del Mar, female, 
nonemoker, CCllIIIdaI",deIn. Own roomI 
bath, in new condo. S425 + 112 utilities. 
BrIt, 259-8980. (218-2120) 

progrIIIIIIIbIeClb~_riOr .... ,1ndudeI 
chemIItrychip. 8eltoller. Call 456-1007. 
(V12·2122) 
TI-as original box, manual and cord. Has 
programsforMalh2OA-B. $80. 549-4549 
(V12·2I2O) 

Apartmentmate neededl 1 mile Irom Iguanas. Healthy, exotic. $15. Snakes 
campus w/lull balhroom fully fumiilled also available, wholesale price. Call Josh, 
ONobel Court. $500. 587-9287 (218·21 452-&496. (V12·2I2O) 
20) 
Room lor rent: $250 + 1'4 utlfities. Mira 1 
Mesa West Newer house IneIs·lumiture, 
moIher'dryer. Fernale pre/erred. Non· 
smoker. Call Wendy, 578-8683. (218-2122) 
Room lor rent, South Mesa· $3211month 
plus eIec., upstairs. Must be UCSD grad 
student, neat. free thlnklng. no tobacco 
smoke. Callforapt. info. 6n-oeo7,e-malI 
charris Oweber. ucsd.edu (2I8-Vl!J) 
Roommate wanted to share master 
bedroom and bath In La JoIa Colony-
Prefer non·smoking male. W,shelfdtyer. 
garage. pool, and spa. S3251mb. Call45&-
0687. Available now. (215-2115) 
Buyll Deduct loan Interest! BuIld your 
equity insted 0/ your landordsl Walk to 
UCSD. 1 br. condos lrom 5106.000. 2 br. 
condos from $117,500. Frig, WID, garage, 
poot Marietta Powers GRI, Broker. 459-
6944. Serving San DIego since 1974. (21 
5-314) 
For rant· 2br. upper unit. pool, spa, garage, 
trig, wid. Walk to UCSD. $800. M. 
Powers, 459.oso1 . (V5-2I22) 

FOR SAL E 
Printers lor Mac or PC. Deskjet 550 Color, 
$160 IIld Deskwrlter cotor. $ 140. Uke 
new. Hewtett Packard· hI~ quality! 581 · 
6682 (V15·212O) 
Computer-486 DX·2/66, 4 mb RAM. 
Windows 3.1, Ms.otfioe, t4.4 modem, work 
at home and go on-iine for $500.00. Call 
Eugene 0542·1486 or 
ekochefgaOucsd.edu (2115) 
K2 1996 Dart snowboard wlbindlngs used 
twice, in excellent condition. Must sell, 
$225080! Mo/rowSllO\\toardwlbindings. 
156cm,$1000BO. 944-OO18(2115·2120) 
Snowboard Boots for safe. Airwalk 
Advantage, size 10. Only used 4 times-
excettent condition. $100. 552-0502 (21 
15·2120) 
Brand new Hewli" Packard 48 sx scientific 

The rightp/ace for 

Scooter. 1990 Honda Elle 80. 9K miles, 
beauIIIuI condition. a\JOmalic, economicll. 
hassle lree, fun to ride. $8501080. 456-
9041 (2112·2115) 
1993 Honda Prelude VTEC. Alarm, CO 
changer, 7 speakers stereo system. 
sooroof, 44.000 miles. excellent condition. 
Best oner. 558·3462 (2112·2126) 
MCAT anxieties? 20% 011 MCAT 
preparalionlMed. school research books. 
Cal John 0457-9821 . (2112·2126) 
Biology. c.npbeIt(2nded.). 515. CalcUus. 
Shenk(4th ed.). 530. Chemistry. 
GlIesple(2nd ed.), $35. Chemlstry(so/'n 
man.), lree ""'ext or $5. Univ. Physics, 
Young(8II1 ed.). $35. Aeneid, Vlrgil(Tran. 
Humphries),$10. Beow\M(DonaIdson).51 . 
Odyssey.Homer(Alzgersld).$4. Paradise 
lost. Millon, $3. Sir Gawain(BarroIf), 51 . 
OR take all 5115 abo. Jane. 521-1741 .(21 
12·2115) 
Pontiac Trans·Am, 1993. BIack,automatic, 
great nmingcondilion, dean exterior. COl 
CassJAmp. $2500. Must sell, 459-2293. 
(V12·2115) 
Cooiest deal In the wottdl Aren1 you tired 
ofsleeping on the IIoor7 Welf.try sleeping 
onafutonframe. TheMon Irame's In good 
condition. no scratches. and you can have 
it lor only 50 bucks. Call 622.()365. (218-21 
15) 

VV ANT E D 
UCSD Medical Center at H~lcrest needs 
healthy vofunteers. ages 18to 55. tor a 2· 
3 hour "Eyeblink Study". S5Ihour plus 
parking. Call Pattie at 543·2314. (2115) 
Computer Game Players Wanted I Do you 
playCD-ROMcomputergames?lIso. you 
may qualify to participate in a market 
research study and gel paid CASH for your 
opinions. CallLuth Research at 516-7827 
ASAPI (2115·2120) 
"A"ention Artists". Students. Stella Bella 
Coffeehouse wants your art on our walls. 
For information, caU Karin 0535·9983. (21 

r.l!eradyne is the right place for peq>1e 
IIlike Regan Mills. It's a stimulating 

environment that challenges ~Ie "'-II' ~! 
day. You're fm! to do the thingi you think 
rmI to be done, with a minimum d 
rules, regulations, and bureaUClllCY. We 
want peq>1e who doo't rmilo be led by 
the hand. We want talent6:i, bright 
with new ~ and the initiative 10 
tOOie ideas a shot. 

You'U have plenty d CWQJ1Unity at 
Thradyne. We're an $1m million 
ia ~ lhataxnpetes in the 
marlr£t, worldng with ~ \WRi's 
~ Our EhnoIogy is unma~ 
and our COIllI1ll1ment to Total ~ality 
Mw&ement is \JfIWlIYa'Ing. In oCher 
v.mk, ~'re big. .. rut not too big! 

If)OO want to Ieam more about 
pIu at Thradyne, Yisit )'OW' Career 
ServkEs Offire or cbdc out our home 
paIJ! on the lntemet's World \VIde 
hUpJ/www.eeradyne.oom 

The UCSD Guardian 

15-2120) 
German Tutoring: Do you need help wtth 
your homeworI<s and exam preparations? 
Helpyou to IOIve yourprograms. ClaudIne, 
582-4396. (V15) 
Counseiofs:CNAPWAYNE,broIherlllater 
camp, Pennsylvania, 6120-8118196. Have 
the most memorable summer 0/ your life! 
Counselors needed lor: Tennis. Swim 
(W.S.I. preferred). Basketball. SoIIbalI, 
Voileyball, Soccer, GoIl, Sell·Defense. 
Gymnastics. Cheerleading. Aerobics . 
NatursICamping. Ropes. Piano. Guitar. 
Ceramics. Jewelry. Batik, Sculpture. 
Drawir9'f'aInting. Silkscraen, Other staff: 
Group Leadefs,Bookkeeper. DrlYerNideoI 
Photography. Chef and assistant. Many 
other positions. On campus interviews 
February 29111. Call 1-800-279-3019 for 
intonnation. (218-3111) 
FrilemaUldenticallwins needed tor a paid 
UCSD psychology experiment. 510 for 
one hourt Jan. 534-6283. (215-3114) 
Healthy volunteers ages 18to 45 years old 
are needed to participate In a study 
examining the eneet of sound on the 
eyebIink rellex at the UCSD Medcal Center 
in HMlcresl. Free shuttle transportation Is 
available. Compensation will be provided. 
Cal 543-2494 lor inlormation. (215-2129) 
Needed: InfantsO-4months Iorvision study. 
Leam what your baby sees; eam $5hIrl Dr. 
Karen Dobkins. Psychology Department, 
822-0642. (Vl·2129) 
FREE research studv available for 
migraines. Suitable volunteers. 18oroldar. 
benefit from medical eValuations and care 
by a board-certllied physician. Travel 
payment. Call 554·0100. Feighner 
Research Institute. (1122-V15) 
SUBJECTS PAID for a study on aIcohoI's 
enacts. "you area Japanese. Chinese. or 
Korean, American·born male, call VA 
Medical Center for more information. 552-
8585 X2182. (1'16-3114) 

SERVICES 
BRUCE LEE'SJeet Kone Do, Brazilian Jiu 
Jitsu, Klli. sell-defense and Knlte Throwing 
are taught at ProgressiveRghling Systems. 
Recieve a 10% Discount with this ad. Call 
279·7575 for more info. Ask for Roy Harris. 
(21t 5-4118) 
Rassl European Beauty Care Hair. Facials. 
massage. waxing. manicure. pedicures. 
20 % off . 1122 Silverado St , La Joila. 

" 

Days, Evee., 456-8054. Pager, 968-0716. 
(2115) 

FI88 haircuts. $50.00 value. Models 
ne1tded to recieve great haircuts lor 
advanced training. CaN for appt. Dearinger 
Salon, 454·1000 (211 5-2120) 
PHLEBOTOlIYfM.D. Cert. by Wagner 
Training Institue. Stale reg. 136003331 . 
Cal today lor dass nearest you. 1-800-
64~ (218-2122) 
Wordproceaslng: Legal/Executive 
secretary wi type student papers. business 
correspondence. resumes. Fast 
turnaround, convenient Glman location, 
reasonabfe rates. calf 453-4991 . (211-21 
20) 
Attention sports fansl! TIred 01 losing? Be 
• winnerll Calf and talk with our sports 
oonsuttantsFREEIi Pro'CoIege, (310)730-
2437. (1129-2129) 

CLASSIFIEDS 21 

Travel-8estl ... ·WorId-Widl. Call now-
lIVe SSS. Mon.-Frt. 5:30-9:3Opm, Sal. 
9:OCH1oon. 546-7831 (1118-&11) 
EPISCOPAl STUDENT ASSOCIATION 
Eucharist 8Y8IY Wed. 5-5:3Opm In the 
International Clntlr. Frel dlnnerl 
cisaJssion following the seMce. Info call 
(619) 534-2537. (118-3114) 
Math Tutoring in your home. Gel course 
assistance while developing math 
fundamentals. Mention this ad fof UCSO 
student discount. (619) 583-«26. (10126-
2129) 
ATTENTION All STUDENTSI Grants & 
Scholarships available! BIllions of $$$ in 
private funding. OuaWfy Immediately. 1· 
IIOO-AID·2·HELP (1-800-243-2435). (118· 
0414) . 
FREE FINANCIAL AIDI Over S6 billion in 
public and private sector grants & 
scholarships is now available. All students 
are eligible regardless of gradel, income. 
or patent's income. Call 1-1100-263-&495 
ext F59762. (118 - V15) . 
Grants and scholarships are avalabfa. 
Billions of dollars in grants. Quality 
Imme<lateiy. 1-800·243-2435 (I-800-AlD-
2·HElP). (10126-2115) 
Word Processing manuscripts, 
dissertations. books, business. 
applications, resumes, editing. Accurate, 
last, confidentjal. Mary Ann. (619) 452-
9439. (10/26-4125) 

PERSONALS 
Cora • Meet me It the Sands. Cubby 
Uma. (2115) 

early 
you get 
started 
ona 
project, 
it alvvays 
seems 
to come 
down to 
beating 
the clock. 

~ dill allot Into KlnIIoi La joIII ond ....- 1-111. II color c....... kII IIID 'l_ 
Iar 'trr . 0I0r II ImItod ID OlIO ~ por 1lIIUJInOf'. eo..,on _ bo'" 
,.-..Ill dme of,.,.- WId II ____ olin.""'" oc 
KlnIIo'aLa joIII one,. eo..,on IIOid ........ prohIbbd loy ..... No CIIIh "-____ ...... ...JIll_ 
...... ar.r..,.,..l1ardlI5.1"'. • __ ......a;uwux 

'QoIo~ --.I ,.,.. ............ .." ...... _I(jt/ro~ c.-"fir""""'" --' __ .,,-. 
---------------

20% Off on ~ny of 
our profeeaIonaI ftnlshlng ..me.. 

.. I......... 8849Villa La loll a ftlllIlv-a· In the La Jolla Villas. f:enter 
--~457-3775 Your branch <iflre IS San Oieao Locadons to Serve You 

~{ Or('n 24 hOlll''>, 7 d.1Y" .1 w(,t'l< 
... 

" 

" 



I 

On luard: UCSD had un up-and-down afternoon in the gym on Sat. 

Fencing Battles 
Fullerton, L.B. 
By Dan Kraft 
Sports Editor 

After nearly a two-monlh hiatus, 
the UCSD fencing team swung back 
into action last weekend against a 
pair of tough, interconference op-
ponents. Cal States Fullerton and 
Long Beach paid the Main Gym a 
visit and gave the young Triton squad 
all it could handle, as the 
three teams ball led for con-
ference supremacy. 

In two earlier meetings 
against Fullerton and Long 
Beactt, UCSD matched up 
well with the top-two teams 
in the conference and proved 
to be contenders for the title. 
The UCSD women maintained their 
competitive status on Saturday. 
However, the opposition seemed to 
have'the Triton men's number. 

Without its top competitor, 
Vikram Haui, in the foil, the UCSD 
men were unable to stage theirtypi-
cally strong showing. In their con-
test with Long Beach, the Triton 
men fell hard, losing the contest by 
an overall score of 19-8. 

The closest UCSD's men came 
to pulling off a victory over the 
Forty-Niners was in the sabre divi-
sion, where the Long Beach squad 
eeked out a narrow, 5-4 win. 

Theonly victory during the week-
end for the Triton men came in the 
sabre discipline against the team 
from Fullenon, 5-4. UCSD narrowly 
missed a win against CSUF in foil, 
dropping its showdown by the same 
5-4 margin; and the epee team was 
unable to pick up the slack, as the 
Titans stomped off with the win, 17-
10. 

Things shown a bit brighter for 
the Triton women. Paced by their 
conference-leading epee fenc~rs, 
UCSD was able totie Long Beach at 
16 and defeat Fullenon by a 19-9 
mUJin. 

The epee squad had a typically 
5IrOng aftemoonon the creaky Ooors 
of the Main Gym, defeating Fuller-
ton and Long Beach by scores of 9-

7 and 13-3, respectively. Led by 
Suzanne Walters and Janet Wertz, 
both of whom finished with 7-1 
marks, UCSD's success began on 
their swords. Also contributing to 
the Triton victories in epee were 
Jeannie Rockway (6-2) and new-
comer Jessica Brewer (4-4). 

Brewer, who has only been fenc-
ing four months, drew the 
praise of Head Coach Lisa 
Posthumus, who attributes 
Brewer's quick acclimation 
tothefaclthat, "as soon as she 
walked into the gym, she was 
been working very hard." 

In addition, because epee 
is a new spon for NCAA 

women's fencing, Brewer is, "go-
ing up against girls who are also just 
getting started," Posthumus added. 
Fortunately for the Tritons, Brewer 
is a quick \earner. 

In the women's foil, UCSD had 
an up-and-down meet. The ladies 
foiled (pun intended) Fullenon's 
hopes of victory, dominating in a 
10-2 win. Long Beach, however, 
got the best of the Triton team, win-
ning by a dominating 13-3 tally to 
pull the Fony-Niners into a tie with 
UCSD. 

In a tune-up for last weekend's 
meet, the Tritons traveled to Stanford 
the first weekend in February to 
take on the high-powered Cardinal. 
Posthumus' mother is the coach at 
Stanford and offered her daughler 
an opponunity to test her team's 
might against the big boys. 

Expectedly, UCSD struggled for 
wins against a Cardinal squad dot-
ted with Olympic hopefuls. How-
ever, the Triton women of epee did 
manage to pull off a victory. 

After tying the Stanford team, 8-
8, UCSD was granted the win on 
"indicaton," in which every touch 
of each contest is added up to deter-
mine the victor. 

"They are one of the best epee 
teams in the country," Posthumus 
said. "I wu very pleased with our 
performance. " 

The UCSD Guardian Thunday, February IS, 1996 

Cal Baptist Preys on Tritons 
ERRORS: The UCSD hard baIlers found the· going tough in Riverside on 
Tuesday, as they lost to Cal Baptist, 10-4, to -fall to 2-4-1 on the season 
BySe.R.hlmI 
Associate Sports Editor 

Whoever coined the term 
"Home Sweet Home" must have 
had the UCSD baseball team in 

mind. 
It's already 

seven games into the 
1996 season, and the 
Tritons have yet to 
have the pleasure of 
playing in front of a 
friendly crowd. 
Let's just say, they 

can't wait to play at home. 
The Tritons' road woes contin-

ued Saturday afternoon, when the 
struggling hardballers losl their 
third consecutive game at River-
side against California Baptist Col-

lege, 10-4, dropping their early 
record to 2-4-1. 

Senior right-handed hurler John 
Titchen took the loss, but the defense 
behind him was not exactly making 
things easy. Costly errors in the field 
foiled the Tritons again. In losing its 
third in a row, UCSD has now given 
up 29 runs in its last three contests. 

"We played well to at least 
have a crack at the game," Triton 
Head Coach Robert Fletcher said. 
"But the kind of game that it 
turned out to be, we kind of got 
blown out. Actually, 10 start the 
game off, several players were 
sick, so we were playing out of 
position. But they were a good 
ballclub. They had a good left-
hander sta rt the game." 

UCSD looks for some change 
of scenery to reverse their recent 
misfortunes. The Tritons will host 
their first home game of the season 
this Saturday versus California 
State University, Los Angeles. 

"Traveling takes so much out of 
you," Tri ton southpaw relief pitcher 
David Siegel said. "We've always 
played better at home than on the 
road. I think we need some home 
cooking to get us going." 

"I'm kind of curious to see how 
we'll react at home," Fletcher said. 
"Hopefully, it will be a good change 
for us. Bei ng on familiar turf, the 
players will want to compete a little 
harder. We're lacking confidence 
righl now, and [ hope Ihal coming 
home to play will help." 

Tritons TUne-Up at Tourney 
TOUGH ROAD: UCSD gained experience in a weekend tourney at USD 
By Heather Newell 
Guardian Reporter 

Some Division ill schools are 
sati fied playing teams they know 
they can beat, but not the UCSD 

men's tennis team. 
Over the week-

end,the University of 
San Diego hosted its 
25th-annual intercol-
legiate tournament, 
which included such 
Division I schools as 
BYU, Pcpperdine, 

Southern Mississippi, San Diego 
State, UC Santa Barbara and UC 
Irvine, as well as top Division LLI 
schools like Cal Luthcranand UCSD. 

Unlike normal collegiate tennis 
matches, however, this toumey w~ 
based on individual, not team, play. 

The Tritons were led by their 
number-one singles player, junior 
Dan Brounstein, who advanced to 
the second round by beating Matthias 
Johnasson from Southern California 
College of the NAJA. After splining 
the first two sets with Johnasson by 
scores of 1-6,6-1, Brounstein found 

CRUSADE: 
Tritons march on 
Continued from pc. 24 

Number-two Kurokawaand num-
ber-four Takemoto had solid perfor-
mances, winning their matches, 6-2, 
6-4 and 6-3, 6-2, respectively; while 
Somers grabbed the closest singles 
win for the Tritons at the third posi-
tion. Scrambling and lobbing herway 
back from a deficit in the fi rst set, 
Somers snatched the victory from 
her opponent, 7-5, 6-2. 

"It was a really tough match for 
Hilary," LaPlante said. "Her 0ppo-
nent was very aggressive, but she 
played well on the defensive." 

Hubennan and Hoecker failed to 
maintain their winning records at 
number five and number Sill, respec-
tively. Huberman was inched out of 
the first set, 7-5, and quickly lost the 
second, 6-0. In contrast. Hoecker 
came out slow and fought back. be-
fOft: losing the second-set tiebreaker 
and the ~ch, 6-3, 7-6. 

"It was a great maach for us," 
LaPlante said. '1'bis was by far Point 
Lorna's strongest team ever, and ev-
eryone played well." 

himself trailing, 4-2, in the third sel. 
But he came back \rong to take the 
set, 6-4. 

"In the beginning, [Matthias) was 
on a streak, and I tried to push too 
hard," Brounstein said. "In the third 
set,lIried to keep the ball in play, and 
[ got somc momentum," 

Later that day , however, 
Brounstein lost (6-2, 6-2) in the sec-
ond round to the number-two seed in 
the toumament from the University 
of Pacific. 

Mike Wilson, UCSD's number-
two singles player, defaulted in his 
first match because of a twisted ankle, 
but he managed a strong showing in 
the consolation brackct, winning in 
the first round against an opponent 
from Loyola Maramounl. Wilson 
wasn't as lucky in the second round, 
as he was knocked out by a tough foe 
from Division I Boise Stale. 

UCSD's number-three singles 
player, Eric Stiedlmayer had a rough 
tournament, gelling bounced by 
SDSU's Mike Banister, 6-3, 6-4, in 
round one and then failing to ad-
vance in round one of consolations. 

In three of the singles matches, 
the outcome came right down to the 
last few points. Triton Head Coach 
Brian Turner believes that UCSD's 
fonunes will tum around once the 
players have more experience com-
peting against high-caliber teams. 

Danny Vu from UC Irvinc snuck 
past UCSD freshman Steve Shabel, 
in a tough three-setter, 6-3, 3-6, 7-6. 
Sophomore Emil Mihet fell at the 
hands of Pacific's Daniel Brandt, 6-
2, 2-6, 7-6, while Jeff Snyder of 
Santa Clara put up too strong a fight 
for Triton freshman Rahul Batra, 
beating him 6-4, 2-6, 7-5. 

"At the end I beat myself," Batra 
said. "I didn't make any errors, but 
[Snyder] came up big [hitting the 
shots that] wasn't able to hit)." 

In the consolation bracket on 
Saturday the young Tritons had a 
tough time. advancing past the sec-
ond round. 

Shabel won his first-round match 
against Redlands, but lost in the sec-
ond-round against anNAIAfoe from 
Point Loma. Mihet did not manage 

See TOURNEY, Page 19 

Cllfre Schnelder/Gusrdi8l1 

NumbeHIne: UCSD's top singles player Michelle Matephanpakut 

The source of the Tritons' suc-
cess is no secret A talented lineup 
and match-playing experience, once 
again. proved a winning combina-

tion for UCSD. 
"We're strong from number one 

to six," Somers said. "Any person 
could be successful at any number." 

Thursday, February IS, 1996 The UCSD Guardian 

ueSD 
INTRAMURAL PAGE 

Soccer 
Di"iJional Soccer &nkingd (Through Feh, 12) 
T8M! 

Men'sUA 
1 Pi Kapps (4-0) 
2 Bloody FOOIballers 1\ (4-0) 
3 Bailers (3-0-1) 
4 IRPS (2-1-1) 
5 FC Fuzzie (2-2) 
6 Leftovers (2-0-2) 
7 Zody's Crayola (2- t -1) 
8 Lawnmowers (2-2) 
9 Kodiaks (t-1-2) 
10 Newcastle United (1-0-1) 
MENU 
1 Enraged Geere (3-0) 
2 Wankerster United (3-0) 
3 Biohazards (2-0·1 ) 
4 SC (1-0-2) 
5 No Name ... Too Drunk (2-1-1) 
6 Dwarfs (2-1-1) 
7 Sweiss Cheese (2-1) 
8 Vanguards (2-1) 
9 Minotaurs (1-1-2) 
10 Las Piemas Locas (2-2) 
MEN A 
1 Soccer Balls (4,0) 
2 Nothing But Net (3-0) 
3 Wildcats (4-0) 
4 Boot 'n Rally (2-0-1) 
5 Team Smack (2-0-1) 
6 Sausage Fest (3-1) 
7 Maybe This Time (3-0) 
8 Copraphagers (2-1-1) 
9 Rowdies (2-0-2) 
10 Nutmegs (2-1) 
cOEDU 
1 619 Regulate (4,0) 
2 Rocket From Hell (3-0) 
3 Mandy's Team (2-0-1) 
4 The Big Green (3-0) 
5 Mary Anne's War Cry (2-0) 
COED A 
t Caffeine (4-0) 
2 Mother Ruckers (3-0) 
3 The Mads (4-0) 
4 Jehovah Nissi (3-0) 
5 No Name (3-0) 
6 Oh Well (4-0) 
7 Blue Thunder (3-0-1) 
8 The Threat (3-0·1) 
9 Tofu Anack (1-0) 
10 Drink Beerl (3-1) 

•••• 

Comments 

Frat fellas are footin' ~ fantastic 
Uckin' \heir chops come play-Off time 
Looking for more lirepower up front 
Intemational Renegades of Pro Soccer? 
Played No. 2 to a near standstill 
Still looking for compet~ion 
Too many papier mache opponents 
Two heartbreaking losses. deserve bener 
Bear of team on detense 
Season still In front of \hem 

Big·time sandbaggers are unscored upon 
Not lar behind Geere·meisters 
Campus legends die hard 
Athletic group is good in this spon too 
Best team so far in most competitive league 
U'I lellas can r;neak lIP on moat anyone 
Looking to plug those holes 
Big games coming up 
Need a couple 01 finishers on the Ironl end 
Can score a linle 

Well-rounded leam 
Strong on the delensill8 end 
Playing bener than Ky. basketball team 
Party boys know how to have a kickin' time 
Will be talkin' more trash in a couple of weeks 
Let the big one get away 
One of these years? 
Play-off bound, but don't fike chances 
Dangerous team at crunch time 
Looking for egg nag 10 sit on 

Need to create a new division lor this group 
Plenty of firepower on the launching pad 
Undeleated, unscored upon 
Loaded with players on bolh ends 
Just nasty enough to create problems 

30-2 Goals For.Against Says It Alii 
Can score at wiH 
Too sman lor their own good 
Hallelujahlto you too! 
Original team name has allowed no goals 
Breezin' through a weak group 
Big·time factor in play-off run 
Tough against number 7 
Needs some games to get battle tested 
This team has the right ideal 

~I Floor Hockey 
« (aJ of P(h. I J) 

~r.r." MEN'S AAA 

WOMEN'S 
1. Xenopucks 
2. Black & Blue 
3. Slap Happy 
4. Earthpigs 

4-0 
3-1 
3·0-1 
3-1 
2-2 ,~~ 1. G·Spot Liquor 4-0 

• ...... 2. Sandbaggers in AM 4-0 
3. Hansen Cousins 2-2 

4. Slick Sticks 1-3 
5. Kwik-E-Mart Goulers 1-3 
MEN'SAA 
1. No Soup For You 
2. No Ma'am 
3. Slap Happy 
4. Ginsu Six 
5. Old & Slow 
MEN'S A 
1. Flying Pucks 
2. Serubs 
3. Mighty Pucks 
4. Insult to Injury 
5. Slick Cheese 

GRAPHICS BY JOE PAN 

4-0 
3-0-1 
3-0-1 
3-1 
3-0·1 

4-0-1 
3-0 
3-1 
0-1-3 
3-2 

5. Hockey Sluts 

4-on-4 Volleyball 
Top Ten 
t. AI-VAl 9-0 
2. ANIMAL KINGDOM 8·0 
3. SPIKERS 8-0 
4. SPIKING SPHINCTERS 7-1 
5. SPIKE LEE 6- t 
6. NO NAMES 5-2 
7. LESS THAN 6·0 
8. THUGN IN HARMONEY 4·2 
9. BOMB SQUAD 5-2 
10. E-KIKA 4-2 Bl 

t5» 

. , 

Hoops to Host First-Ever 
All-Star Contests 

One rA the ti!;lIigIQ cI the NBA season Is some big runbn, but against who1 Playoff 
the III1IIU8i All-Star ~ thai just took ~ \ine VIiI quiddy bring IIem down to eantl. 
" San AnIonio. Well, we always \lice to do things A record 92 teams are ~ ~ OIA in the 
a little bigger IIound here so we cooked up AII- MEN'S A civision. Se\l8ral rA "- squad5 
Star week which finishes Ionq,t. During the are gelling away wiil some major IeagJe sand-
weeIc leams have lIOfTIinaIed their stars lor the bagging. Foltunately, ~'s not hard lor the 1M 
selection committee to consider and the lirst Staff to step in and provide some equity come 
round cI the 3-point sh<xA out tooll place. Each playolf tine. This dMsion also features some 
IMsion will stage rs own All-Star game and 3- rAthe best names in 1M's. Here is a smaI sam· 
point shoot out which will be held piing: GREEN BOWL 
on SallKday February 24. • • • •• PACKERS. SPAM BOYS II, 

The selection process will THUG S-N-HARMONY \I , 
wrap uP this Meltend andf1e All· ~ ~" r,:a=o.. ~ LAUNCHING POOH and Star game par1iopants wiI be an- 187 ON YO MOMZ. 
nounoed on the 20th. TheIe wiI The little lela's (5-10 & 
be outstanding prizes 101 the 3- ~ ~ UNDER division) are blazing 
poinIlMmers as well as the M'VP's ".._ up and down Ihe courts. 
IrOOl eadl game. Immedataly 101- • There is definitely a lop 4 at 
lowing the game Cal106l.bphy's ~ .. ~ this level. MILZAC + 
:~~=== d ~~ ::: ~~~E~e~NH~ :T~::' 
lorget. all the inormation wiI be "8 k e \ ,,~ KOREAN AIRLINES and 
I'/ailable on Feb. 20. at the 1M 01- .................. TOO!) MADE US DO IT are fices on the 410 IIoor 01 RIMAC. .... __ 11111 __ ... _.111111_. __ ~ all geanng up 101 big playoff 
,.. i. , qukk look "_,, dMIIon .. file 
,.,., _/»gin. 10 .,. .., ... 

At the premier level, MEN'S AM, k leafy 
looks like • two horse race. Two teams from 
tle Rambis \eII9l8 appear to be head and ShoU· 
ders abova the crowd. AUNNIN' RHUBAR8S 
just squeezed past MEAN MACHINE last week. 
but they shOIAd "'"' IIgIIin lor the title in March. 
The Schoene league lellUres two untested 
squads. SIGMA CHI and SHIFT who, on paper. 
don'l appear to malch up with \he lop squads. 
But, thats why we play the games. 

Will anyone in MEN'S AA haul in NO 
MERCY? These guys are n.ming up some se-
rious Il\IIIbers and miItC lit bener at the AM 
l8\/e\. The best of the lest includes YOUR 
MOTHER. M.V.P. and BURN UNIT. The big-
gest impostor Is J3 + 2. Va. they are posting 

1M GoL . Tour 

nIlS. 
" sure looks Ioke this shotAd be the most 

competitiVe WOMEN'S ctvision in years. but 
LUCKY'S NIGHTMARE and SHORT BUT 
SWE ET are poundng everyone. There is 
plenty rA other talented squads like TRITON 
REJECTS, URBAN BAlLERS and CHICKS 
THAT CAN PLAY, but no-one has defeated the 
top two. 

Four strong Ie~s 01 coed hoops are 
Iigl\ing l up on Sooday and Thursday. As usua/ 
we wi. civide the livision Into M and A for the 
playoffs. Until someone knocks cll WASHED 
UP HAS BEENS, there is no reason to think 
they don't belong on the top spot . YELLOW 
FEVER, AI-YAI and RARE AIR are all knode-
ing on the door. but stillooking in. 

Winter Scramble 
february 1:1, The Vineyard GC 

The PGA Tour blew Ihr~ La Jolla last wee« althe Buick Invitational. I'he 1M Tour 
was represented by last season's Ail-Campus Champion Jon 'Charlie' Garza. Is ~ lough jumping lrom a mini·tOlJI (Ioke the 1M Tour) 10 the big time1 One look al his scores and the 
answer becomes painfully obIiious. He lired an opening round 80 and needed a record 
rWld on Friday to maice the 36 hole CUI .. which dicin materialize. "I was SUlprised by the 
quality 01 the depth on the PGA Tour. I guess beating a bunch 0111.1 hacks dicil't prepare me 
very wei," Garza lamented. Tour officials are examining the future of the 1M Tour exemption 
into the Buick. 

Garza and a standout field rA 1M Tour enthusiasts will tee k up on February 23, inane rA 
goII's most popular lormalS, 1I1e 4-man scramble. Team play means thai all those mis-

~ided shanks into the street. bushes or water don't have to go down on the score card. 
Hey, your team always has 3 more hacks at~. And, how oIIen do you gel a chance 10 shoot 
in the 60'51 The tournament record Is an 8-under 62 which was set last year. 

The site loral the action is oneal San Diego's newest courses, The Vineyard GC. This 
course \\oil chalenge ff'/&ry club in the bag with waler coming into play on 11 holes. The 
entry lee is only $30 per player. We will have a long driVe and ctosesHo-lhe-pin conteSi on 
lhe course and as usual great prizes lor al the winners. Space is lom~ed. so all those that 
are interested in leeing ~ up need 10 swing up to \he 4th floor 1M offICes at RIMAe to sigl up 
or cal 534·3716. FORE"" 

The 1M Page needs a Imt. 
Join the teaml Call the GuardIan office at (619)534-3466 
and get in on sponsoring the Intramural Sports Page . We 
can set up a solo deal or get you in a co-op with other 
businesses. Either way, your advertising will be seen by 
30,000 Guardian readers, including over 
15,000 1M participants. A long-standing 
tradition of 1M scores, highlights 
and fun is in jeopardy unless a 
few sponsors step up their game. If 
your business appeals to sports-
minded types, or if you just want to 
get involved, please give us a call. 

23 

-



24 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian Thursday, February 15, 1996 

Shooter: UCSD's Cindy Yamasaki (middle) had 14 points in the dominating win. 

1Iitons Level Lorna, 5-4 
SQUEAKER: Coming off a pair of wins last weekend, 
UCSD continued to roll, slipping past Pt. Lorna on Tuesday 
By lJobin Kezlrlan 
Staff Writer 

While trying to maintain its position atop 
the Division ill ladder, the UCSD women's 
tennis team squeaked by Point Lorna Nazarene 
(S-4) on Tuesday. Point Lorna, which 
recruits players by athletic scholarships, 
proved to be fierce competition for the 
Triton squad. 

"We've beaten them easily in the 
past," UCSD' s Hi lary Somers said. 'This 
was the first year they had so much depth." 

Upon taking the court for the doubles 
matches, the UCSD squad realized ev-
ery member would have to play consistently in 
order 10 win. The Tritons' number-oiledoubles 
team, comprised of Miki Kurokawa and Yumi 
Takemoto, countered its opponents' aggres-
sive play throughout its eight-game pro-set, 
only to lose the match in the tie-breaker, 9-8. 

Michelle Malephanpakul and Susan 

Huberman bettered their Point Lorna counter-
parts, 8-5, at the second doubles position. Mean-
while, UCSD's third pair, Hilary Somers and 
Annie Hoecker, also took the win, 8-S . 

"We had 10 play defen ively in doubles, but 
we were able to win points because we 
didn't miss," Head Coach Liz LaPlante 
said. 

The 2-1 point cushion proved essen-
tial for Ihe Trilons, who splilthe singles 
matches, 3-3, with Point Lorna. Top-
seeded Malephanpakul faced the new-
est and best addition to Point Lorna's 
lineup, a German exchange student. 

After relinquishing the first set, 6-1, 
MaJephanpakul played stronger but fell, 6-4. 

"Michelle has lost a bit of her confidence 
[because of recent losses] , but she's playing 
well," LaPlante said. "She'll win and get it 
back soon." 

See CRUSADE, Page 22 

Tritons cag~ 
Hawks, 87-51 
WHIPPING: UCSD smashed Christian Heritage in the first 
game of its final charge to the NCAA Division III playoffs 
By Dan Kraft 
Sports Editor 

One down, two to go. 
That's where the UCSD women's bas-

ketball team (16-6) stands after a domi-
nating victory over Christian Heritage on 
Tuesday night. The Tritons are cur-
rently ranked sixth in the NCAA 
Division III's Western Region. 

If UCSD can win its remaining 
two games against Chapman and 
California Lutheran this weekend, 
it will be virtually assured of hang-
ing onto its strong ranking and join-
ing the 32-team field in the NCAA 
tournament. 

If, on the other hand, UCSD should 
fall, its place in the season's grand finale 
would be in doubt. 

The Hawks of Christian Heritage were 
the first of the Tritons' three ob-

was certainly all that UCSD could have 
hoped for in its attempt to impress the 
NCAA selection committee. 

The Tritons' offensive charge was led 
by junior forward Anne Westmoreland, 
who, amazingly, tallied 16 points in only 

12 minutes on the floor. 
Westmoreland managed this feat 
by hitting every shot she put up 
(seven-for-seven from the noor and 
two-for-two from the line). 

Senior guard Cindy Yamasaki 
also enjoyed herself, running 
through and shooting over the 
squad from Christian Heritage to 

the tune of 14 points, including a solid 
night from behind the three-point arc 
(three- f or-si x). 

UCSD's strong offensive performance 
allowed Head Coach Judy Malone to look 

stacles en rout.e to securing their Game Summary: 
place among the nation's elite 
Di vision III teams, and UCSD left Tritons 45 42 87 
nothing to fate. ~H':":;awk';":";';S~---26~------';2";;;5~----::;5;';"1-

The Tritons ran away from the 
Hawks as early as the openi ng tip, 
racking up a resounding 45 points 
in the first half and slackening 

Anne W .. tmor ....... 16 points 
Cindy V ......... 14 points 
UCSD-1&6 

their pace only slightly in the second 
stanza, as they scored 42. 

The final margin of victory, 87-SI, 

all the way to the end of her bench for 
minutes, as every player saw time on the 

See GROUNDED, Page 19 

Aztecs Sacrifice U CSD 
ALMOST: Only a game stood between the Triton volleyball 
team and gaining its first win, but it wasn't meant to be 
By Dan Kraft history of UCSD men 's volleyball , when it 
Sports editor knocked off SDSU in a five-set thriller. 

The UCSD men's volleyball team came Since then, the Tritons have been living 
within a point of breaking its long dry spell off the promise which they displayed in that 
on Tuesday night. In a contest which eventu- contest. Unfortunately, to date, UCSD' 
ally ended with the Tritons dropping promise has not materialized into an-
their eighth match of the season to a other victory over a Division I pro-
Division I foe, UCSD fought valiantly gram. 
against the Aztecs for five long sets Tuesday night proved no differ· 
before falling, IS-I3, in the fifth and ent. Game one was all State, as the big 
deciding stanza. • .. 1 boys took it to the Tritons, 15-7, to 

Playing on the road against their grab the early lead. 
cros -town rivals, the Tritons did their ilfliiipll· However, UCSD retaliated effec-
best to prove that academics isn't the _ .... 0;,;;,_ tively, grabbing games two and three 
only thing that UCSD has over SDSU. And by scores of IS- 13 and IS-II, respectively. 
for five sets, the Tritons had the Aztecs The Tritons ' offensive might was provided 
convinced they would suffer their second- by the irrepressible Tom Black and sopho-
consecutive defeat althe hands of their Divi- more big man Matt Riley. Black's 45 kills 
sion III foes from La Jolla. were the most on either side of the net, while 

In last year's season finale, a fired-up Riley amassed a .432 hitting percentage along 
Triton squad got the biggest victory in the See NO CIGAR, Page 19 

________ lll=Il.] .. 1;l·];l~ _______ _ 

Soft .... I: 
Thurs., Feb. 15, vs. Occidental at North Fields, 6 p.m. 

........ 1: 
Sat., Feb. 17, vs. CSULA at Triton Stadium, 11, p.m. 

W __ •• w • ., Polo: 
Fri.- Sun., Feb. 16-18, at UC San Diego Triton Invite, All Day 

..... ·.VoI..,....l: 
Fri.- Sat., Feb. 16-17, at UCSD Mizuno Invite, TBA . 

Club Sports: 
Get the latest 
dirt on how the 
UCSD cycling, 
equestrian, 
and women's 
lacrosse 
teams fared 
last weekend. 

.... ball: Road 
woes continued 
to plague the 
Triton 
hardballers, as 
they lost their 
latest game, 
10-4, to Cal 
Baptist. 

Fencl",: UCSD 
took on its 
toughest 
conference 
rivals (Fullerton 
and Long 
Beach) in a 
meet held last 
weekend. 


