
. . 

• ~~1=l'I'j:I~;1=-
a.e .... ... 
VIr .... ....... 
LEXINGTON, Va. - A 
dangerous bacterial infection 
has left one student dead and 
nearly ISO others on preventa-
tive antibiotics at the Virginia 
Military Institute. VMI. 
freshman Scou Hickey died 
Friday after having conlmCted 
meningcoccemia from an 
unknown source. 
Meningcoccemia is caused by 
the proliferation of mening(occi 
bacteria in the blood stream and 
can be spread by oral and nasal 
secretions. VMI officials 
quickly screened all students 
who had been in contact with 
Hickey. No other cases of the 
infection have been reported. 

- The Kentucky Kernel 

ComedI .. FIlII 81 
UCLA Frat Hou_ 
LOS ANGELES - Members 
of the Pi Kappa Alpha house got 
a chance to show off their party 
skills Monday in front of an 
MfV television crew. 'The crew 
was filming a promotional 
television commercial for the 
upcoming movie Black Sheep, 
starring Chris Farley and David 
Spade. The crew filmed Spade 
inside the house tossing stones 
at Farley, who was dressed in a 
sheep costume. A MIV crew 
member said the studio filmed 
the commercial in a fraternity 
house because it wanted a party 
atmosphere to capture the 
essence of the movie. The 
commercial is scheduled to air 
in February. 

- The Daily Bruin 

BYU Students Found 
To Ie ObedIent 
PROVO, UTAH - Brigham 
Young University students are 
more accepting of authority and 
more concerned with perfection 
than other college students, 
according to a study by BYU 
Counseling and Development 
Professor David Smart. Smart 
compared BYU students' scores 
on the autonomy section of the 
Omnibus Personality Inventory 
with students nationwide and 
found that "B YU students tend 
to be more obedient and 
respecting of authority." Smart 
said that although BYU students 
are loyal and intelligent, the 
scores indicate they may have 
problems thinkir.g critically. 

- The Daily Universe 

_I~I-"t I t1 =-_ 

DUSK 
HIATUS: Quentin 
Tarantino's new movie 
should be laid to rest H. 

OPINION: The public is to 
blame for the downfall of 
the American presidency 4 

SPORT.: UCSD's fab 
freshmen make a splash 1. 

I H • u c 5 · D 

UCSANDIEGO TIIURSDA y, JANUARY 25, 1996 VOLUME 87, ISSUE 6 

Atkinson Postpones Affinnative-Action° Cut 
DELAY: SP-l will first 
affect fall 1998's 
entering class 

1998. ... , ~,..~" ~~>"" ..... H <,. ._,~, ,"'"'_...... ""~~.'" ~ -.><" _ ........ ~ . . 
Students seeking admission to 

the UC system in November 1996 
for the fall of 1997 will be subject to 
current admission policies and will 
be unaffected by SP-\. 

'>., ,~ ..-.. .-r 

o Filii 1111: Final revisions to processes to implement new 
criteria as required by SP-1 

By Ivan Defyenthal 
Associate News Editor UC Office of the President 

Spokesman Terry Lightfoot said 
Atkinson did not alter the original 
intent of the motion. He said 
Atkinson instead wished "to take a 
period of lime to implement SP-I." 

o ....... 1"7: Issuance of revised university publications 
with new criteria and processes 

In an unexpected development 
in the affirmati ve-action battle Tues-
day, UC President Richard Atkinson 
announced that SP -I - the measure 
which seeks to bring an end to race-
and gender-based university admis-
sions - will first affect students 
entering the UC system in the fall of 

o SprIIC 1"7: Outreach activities with junior high school 
students, parents and counselors 

o NoYeRlber 1"7: Fall 1998 application filing period 
o ....... 1 ... : Issuance of admission notifications 

"Trying to have a whole applica-
tion process working under [SP-I] 

See ~CY, Page 8 

o All&Ust/lept ........ l_: Admitted student~ enroll 

STRANGER THAN FICTION 

Poster boys: Roosevelt senior Diego Mojarro and Marshall freshman Matt Keith browse 
through posters at the Student Organizations and Leadership Opportunities Vendors' Fair 

UPfE Awarded $3.3 Million in Back 
Pay From University of California 
MANDATE: UC must comply 
with previous proposal of 2.2-
percent cost-of-living increase 
By Suketu Valshnav 
Staff Writer 

The University Professional Technical Em-
ployees (UPTE) labor union held a press confer-
ence Tuesday in front of the Geisel Library to 
announce the California Public Employment Re-
lations Board's (PERB) decision forcing the Uni-
versity of California to pay approximately $3.3 
million in back wages to about 4,000 systemwide 
technical employees. 

In response to charges filed by the union on 
March 3,1995 against the University of Califomia, 
PERB voted in favorofUPTE, finding the university 
guilty of violating the Higher Education Employerl 
Employee Act, section 3571 . PERn released a reso-

lution on Jan. 12 ordering the University of Califor-
nia to comply with its previous proposal, consisting 
of a 2.2-percent cosl-of-living increase, a 0.8-per-
cent incentive award and merit increase. 

The payment of these raises is retroactive to 
October 1994, when the university first discussed 
a wage increase. 

The University of California has 20 days to 
respond to PERB ' s mandate; it can either agree to 
compensate the technical employees as ordered or 
appeal the decision. As of yet, no formal statement 
has been released by the university. 

Michael Melman, director of employee and labor 
relations at UCSD, said, "It would be premature to 
comment on what the UC plans to do, since we are 
still in the process of reviewing information." 

According to UPTE representatives, the Uni-
versity of California rescinded its original offer 
when the technical employees voted to mue UPTE 

See DAMAGES, Page 8 
. \ 

Source: UC Office of the President 
Marcus Lobbia/Guardian 

Administration 
Reviews Charter 
School Proposal 
FUNDED: New project now 
needs approval from Interim 
Chancellor Caserio 
By Teny Lew 
Associate News Editor 

Up to 200 disadvantaged students from the 
San Diego area will havea better shot at higher 
education iftheon-campus charter high school 
envisioned by Marshall College Provost Ceci I 
Lytle becomes a reality. 

The proposed school's 14-member steer-
ing committee, consisting of faculty, adminis-
trators, community members and an under-
graduate student, met Jan. 22 with Interim 
Chancellor Marjorie Caserio and various vice 
chancellors to introduce the proposal. 

"It was a very positive meeting," said com-
mittcc member Randall Souviney, associate 
director of the UCSD Teacher Education Pro-
gram. ''I'm not sure if adeadlinc wassel. .. but 
I couldn't imagine that it would take more than 
a week or so to come to a conclusion on this." 

The school would initially be housed in the 
La Casa building at Marshall, although the 
proposal anticipates a permanent site on Voigt 
Dr. east ofinterstate 5. 

Student committee member Andrew 
Sutherland anticipates starting with a fresh-
man class of 45 students and adding 45 each 
year for the following three years. Total enroll-
ment would never exceed 200 students. 

Lytle said that although he and othcrs wished 
Caserio would move quick.ly to approve the 
school, he felt the chancellor was handling the 
proposal appropriately. 

"I think she's consulting, and that 's what a 
good chancellor should do," he said. 'There's 
no concerted effort to block it. This isjustthe 
way things work. My sense is that the campus 
is receiving it favorably." 

Ca erio was unavailable for comment, al-
though Associate Chancellor Linde Nagata 
said it was too early for the chancellor to take 
an official position on the school's existence. 

"We're only in the very, very preliminary 
stages of talking about feasibility," Nagata 
aid. "I think it' premature to make any com-

ments on it." 
If approved by Caserio,the proposal wou Id 

be presented to the San Diego Unified School 
District. The district would then have 30 days 
to approve or deny it, although Lytle said the 
earliest the charter school could open would be 

See SCHOOL, Page 8 



2 NEWS 

UM: High Schoolera 
Learning the Ropes 
HONOR: Early admission program allows high 
school seniors to sample UCSD courses 
.,Laura L.-
Guardian Reporter 

For exceptional high school 
seniors who want a taste of col-
lege life, UCSD offers the Early 
Admission Honors (EAH) IIfO-
gram. EAH gives students the 
opportunity to take university 
courses as a part of 
their regular high 
school curriculum. 

confidence once the studenl$ be-
lieve they can keep up with their 
much older peers. 

The UCSD program currently 
includes 68 hi,h school seniors, 
approximately 25 percent of 
which will return as UCSD fred!-
men, Reiswig predicts. 

"All UCSO 
academic ser-
vices are avail-
able to BAH stu-
dents, including 
tutoring, the use 
of the UCSO li-
brary facilities, 
career services 
and the Office of 
Academic Ad-

EAH students 
may enroll ineither 
one or two UCSD 
courses each quar-
ter as well as par-
ticipate in desig-
nated acti vities for 
program members, 
such as a tour of the 
UCSO School of 
Medicinc. 

EAH Coordina-
tor Patricia 
Reiswig said stu-
dents accepted into 
the program gener-
ally choose from a 
wide variety of 
lower-division 
courses. However, 
a surprtsing major-
ity take advantage 
of the advanced 
math classes of-
fered at UCSD, 
which often require 
an eJltensive back-
ground in calculus. 

MAil UCSD , 
.Mamle 
servIces.r. 
avanable to EAM 
students, 
IncludI ... 

vising , .. 
said . 

she 

Most are able 
to maintain their 
high sc hool 
OPA, although 
many face com-
mutes, adjust -
ments and addi -
tional home-
work. Grades 
earned through 
the EAH pro-
gram become a 
permanent part 
of the student's 
records. 

tutorl .... th. 
u .. of tile UCSD 
II......, facilities, 
....... Ml'Vlces 
and the Offtce 
of Ac ....... lc 
AdMI ..... 

"I think it is a 
wonderful edu-

- Plltrlcla ..... cational oppor-
To apply for the 

program, students 
must be high school juniors, have 
SAT-I math and verbal scores 
both over 650 and maintain a 4 .0 
high school OPA. Candidates for 
next fall must apply by Jan. 31, 
1996. The yearly tuition' for the 
program is approximately one-
third1bf the cost of normal UCSD 
student fees. 

An additional benefit is that 
the admissions office docs not 
require EAH students who want 
to cQntinue attending UCSO af-
ter graduating from high school 
to reapply for admission. 

Students straddling both high 
school and college classes often 
feel apprehensive at the begin-
ning, according to Reiswig, be-
cause they are not sure they can 
compete with the average UCSD 
student. She added that this pres-
sure has positive effects, how-
ever, and can help build self-

EAH Coordinator tunity .tthe high 
school level," 

said Catherine Joseph, an advis-
ing director at Warren College, 
where approximately 15 EAH stu-
dents are registered. 

Many ' students currently at-
tending UCSD say they would 
have enjoyed participating in such 
a program in high school, had 
they known of its existence. 

"[The EAH program] would 
have been the best thing ever," 
Roose veil freshman Jessica 
Brewer said. "Senior year was 
such a waste." 

"College wouldn't be so ... 
overwhelming," said Erin Finck, 
also a Roosevelt freshman. 

According to Joseph, the pro-
gram generally accepts well-
rounded, mature individuals who 
will easily make the scholastic 
adjustments. 

For additional admissions in-
formation, call (619) 534-4831. 

CIMlllcatlon: 
In a Jan. ISanicle about the UCSD International Center, the GUQrdian 
wishes to clarify thal students wanting to participate in OAP are not 
required to have. 3.0 GPA. 

FlltIA:SO __ II ...... -. ... ~ ... ""_,.. ..... "' .. 
_ .. UCSO.-..-... ...... _ .. .,,"""._"_ ... I1111._ 
_ .... __ .• 1 .......... _.1IIt~1I""'....,..... 
... ""_ ....................... III.1M_ ................... _ 
• __ ....... _____ I!!f __ .. IlltUC$O~ .. """""" 
.. ~ ... _ ....... Fllt1ll:iD ........ hnIId....., .. -..wt. •.. _-... _ ........ . 

The UCSD au.tdian Thunday, January lS, 1996 

ETCETERA ... -
.. 01QCf6 

B,~~ 
G~OE'-"~ 

BRIEFLY··· 

SIDMP to Perform at Spreckels Uteater 
Garbaee C3lS, brooms, wooden poles, matchboxes, 
~ lif'ters, hIb:aps, oil drums ri even the kitchen 
silk In all utilized in the pefformances of the ~­
member percussion (rOUP STOMP. 

The BrItJsh octet will use eY8ryday objects to create 
their unusual music on Feb. 9, 10 and 11 at the Spreckels 
Theater In dowrtown san DIe&o. 

The t'OOP, COfY1)Osed ~ six men and two women, 
performs in tri-tops, work pants and at1llY boots, and 
spends as nu:h ener&Y on ~ as It does on music. 

In addition to Its widespread critical acclaim, the octet 
has won runerous awards, incIudIrC ., OlIver Award for 
Best ~, an 0bIe IWIn and a Drama Desk 
Award. It has perfonned on The late Show with DtNid 
Lettennan and Good MonIIrW America. 

The perfomllllCe IS sponsored by the UCSD University 
EYents Office. General admission tickets for UCSD stu-
derts rqe from $17 to $24. rICkets are available at the 
UCSD Box OffIce and at Ticketmaster. 

81M1att ... Author to Dllcuu 
CoIdroI_~ 

Wlw.n Evans, <»author of Biomatfcers: The Ten Keys 
to ProIotflIrW Vlbltlry, win discuss how to slow or even 
rMrSe the ~ process at a free lecture FrIday from 3 
p.m. to 4:15 p.m. In the La.Jolla Marriott Ballroom. 

ThrotCh research pedooned at the USDA Huma'l 
NutrItion Cefter on,.. at Tufts University, Evans and his 
c:o--Uhor,lrwIn H. Rosenberg, hlMl demonstrated that the 
boctt's decline Is not due to the passirc of time but to the 
combined e1fec:ts of lnactMty, poor nutrition and 111ness-

all of which ca"I be controlled and prevented. 
In addition, they have Identified 10 "biomarkers,' or 

key physiological factors associated with prolonged youth 
- a lean body, stre~, basal metabolic rate, body-fat 
percentage, aerobic capacity, blood pressure, insulin sen-
sitivity, cholesteroi/ADl ratio, bone density em txx!y. 
tempenltln regUlation. 

The lecture is sponsored by UCSD OrthoMed, a center 
speciallzlrc in the treatment of bone and soft-tissue 
i,.utIes. To reseM! seatJrc, call (619) 543-2225. 

ero. CUItu .... c.ter Hosts 
TranInatIonaI eonr..nce 

The UCSDCerterforthe Study of Race and Ethnlcitywlll 
present a one-day conference entitled 'The Transnational 
Economy, Citizenship and Ethnic Identity,' from 2 p.m. to 
5 p.m. on Fri., Jan. 26 at the CroS&CultlJ"al center. 

The theme of the first part of the conference will be 
"History, Culture and the Transnational EcOflOl"llY.' Profes-
sor Mlchlko Hase of the women's-studies department at 
San Jose State University will share "Some Thoughts 
About Historical and Contemporary Relations Between 
African Americans and Japanese Nationals," with Profes-
sor Geofge Upsitz of the UCSD ethnic-studies department 
provtdlrc additional conwnentary. 

The secondpartoftheconfentt ICe will focus on "Women, 
Work, Citizenship and the World of Low-Wage Labor." san 
Francisco ~ attorney LattI Volp and Mary 
Tong of the San DIego Support CommIttee for Maquiladora 
Workers will speak on .Support, Solidarity and Struggle: 
Immigrants and Workers in the Global Econonrt." 

nPIIT: J_ Eom 
ADV1111'IIIUI ~ANT: Chefyt Saito 
ClaCUl.AnotI ~AIn'I: Ken Chin . PIIbIo MIIIIIUY. Christine Petroni. 
SIll'''''' Stodc. Aymel ,_ 

MllIARIPIILD, AcIIIertlslfll "'",., 
IN DeMDIU, BuSiness omc. "'MI"" 

.UIIMTINIZ, AIt Director 
IIITHYA TANI, Alst. Business "'MI.' 
JOHN llAMa, Ad U)out .-td De. 

101 'All, Graphic De'fIne' 
Edlton .. : 534-&581 ...... /fe.urn: 534-5226 • 
(lpInIOn/S/:lOtta: 534-6582. Hl.u::: ~~3 

Business 0IIIc:e: 534-3488. F.: 534-76e1 
........ : 1U8rdI~.edu 

Guerdien Online: 1Ittp:1 t-.\ICId.edu/lU8rdlen 
UCSD ......, 1100 ...... DrIve 03~, 

La Jolla, CA 12013-03~ 
_1aceIIan: Iecand Allor. UCSD ....... ~ ...... 'A', II1II. 211 

~ 
i 
.. 

I 
f 
.. 
.. 

:I 
I 
" ! 
t , 
I 
'f 

I 

~y, Januuy lS, 1996 The UCSD Guardian NEWS 3 

A.S. Considers Overturning FaIk's Election-Funding Veto 
COUNCIL: Two-thirds ite<! more time in counci I for consid-
of body must agree to eration. 

"I really feel like there's been a 
override Falk's decision complete lack of discussion about 

the implications of this election, as 
Iy Esther Yoon well as the constitution itself, II Falk 
Staff Writer said. 

AS.councilmernbers will consider A.S. Vice President External 
overriding a veto submitted by AS. Brian Dowd, who did not attend last 
President Naomi FaIk, which elimi- week's meeting when the initial vote 
nates any funding for a special dec- was cast, said that not enough mem-
tion on a new A.S. constitution. bers of the office of external affairs 

The allocation of $1.684 from were present to approve a constitu-
the Soft Reserves budget to fund a tional election. 
special election was approved at last "Most of the councilmembers in-
week's council meeting. The issue volved with the e"temal affairs office 
resurfaced at last night ' s meeting, weren't at last week's meeting. and 
upon the request to allow the Feb. 6 deserve to have this issue considered 
election to run as planned. further and solicit more input from 

An override of the veto will re- students for funding such an dec-
quire the votes of two-thirds of the tion," Dowd said. 
A.S. council. Fait' s ability to veto However, Muir Sophomore 
any of the council' s decisions re- Senator Tony Fiori said the consen-
quires the aid of a one-third recount sus of senate members was to over-
of councilmembers' votes. ride Falk's veto and pass the over-

Faile, in defense of her veto, e,,- ride as an Item of Immediate Con-
pressed that the constitution and the sideralion (IDlC) vote. 
funding of a special election mer- "Elections are coming up shortly, 

He Became a Vegetarian. 

Now it's Available at Buffalo Exchange. 
People are bringing in new treasures every day. \ ('\ 

Come in to find one of your own. .mV" 
~,,~ ... 

PACIFIC BEACH, 1007 Garnet Avenue, 273.fJ227 'Y~ 

FRESHmAn and TRAnSFER 
Orientation leader 

Positions Jlre Available 
• Obtain a job referral (freshman job , 907164/Tran.*r job # 907162) from 
Part-TIme Employment. Career Services Building 

• Pldt up an application from the Muir Academic Advising Office, H&.SS 2126 
, In~ and selection will take place during WInter Quarter 

IJ [ II n I, I n f: I: II n III' IJ III II T III n ~ 
',: HI (J. m. nil U II Y _ ,. UUI U II n Y ~. P),J II 

nsitive, Affordale Dental Care 
We're taking a ~w little approach to dental care. Convenient hours 
and location. Gende and caring treatment at affordable fees . All in a 
cozy new dental office with videos and current reading material to put 
you at ease during your vis it. 
We're committed to doing our best to provide preventative, cosmetic, 
and restorative dental care to keep your dental bills down, your mouth 
healthy, and your smile bright. Call us today. 

LA JOLLA VILLAGE DENTAL OFFICE 
es E. Sanford, D.D.S. 

General, Preventative, and Cosmetic Services 
M OIl UCSD mssonan..e acctpred • Rtkutd , fnnvll, atIM1phnt • V~oIStn"to 

• MtIIIOO- ADA. e DA. SOCOS 

La Jolla Village ProfessionDl Center 
8950 ViUa La Jolla Dr., Suite 2103 

Top Floor flUl ~Ivnd El Tonlo 
E \'f!\11\( & Salurda, ~I.I -~ 

1·5 at La JoUa Vdlace Driw 558-3490 

............. would 
like to _ tills new 
constitution .0 
u. .... noW.Th .. _ 
.. V.to ..... tIIe 
veto overrlclden I • 
not out of anyone'. 
.......... concern or 
Int.,.st, but ndIIer 
the concern of tile 
..... Ityofthe 
....... " 

-TonyRorl 
Muir Sophomore Senator 

~ 

and there arc several senators who 
would like to see this new constitution 
go through now," Fiori said. 'This 

lEaR-. 
"-coowlullon II1II illilial_. $l5 ....... 
Fi ..... imo climb mly Wkh!his III. Exp. J/22~ 

112 bI"eI, 
fr-VCSD 

~, 

unoo., 
U"IO I" 

C,II 
II CI 

nOfo'OMI 
,"UII S 

FrinwII, FII'IIS 

~ rdz~ande;~~ 
eY-!t.lE C T R 0 l Y SIS 

& SIcin Care CIirUc 
UI! IllI.a, cr, 12Z1 

LI ~ILLa cI.PI.an CEIU. 
(IIUIIO MoW S..ao..) 558-0888 

, 

move to have the veto overridden is consider the implications of this elcc-
not out of anyone's personal concern lion," Diallo said. 
or interest, but rather the concem of In other council news, various 
the majority of the senate." councilmembers discussed the cri-

A.S. Commissioner of Student teria which students will use in ad-
Advocacy Souley Diallo, who co- vising the appointment of UCSO's 
authored the new constitution with new chancellor. 
A.S. Vice President Administrative Alex Tom, A.S. representative 
Jennifer Nicoll and A.S. Vice Presi- to the UC Student Association and 
dent Finance Edmondo Robinson, Roosevelt College Council presi-
supported an IDIC vote on the ovcr- dent, categorically divided student 
ride. issues to be con idered in chancel-

"Usually, a council must have lor selection in terms of "account-
the chance to ask and consult with ability, accessibility and academic 
the president about a presidential eJlcellence ... 
veto," Diallo said. "However, be- Tom, speaking for student mem-
cause we didn' t have the opportu- bers of the Chancellor Search Com-
nity to discuss the veto, as well as minee, cited that candidates fot the 
our time constraints with upcoming chancellorship should be willing to 
elections, we can equally say that lobby on a federal level for student 
this veto override should be done financial aid. 
soon and the issue should not be The final issue covered in last 
given any further consideration." night's meeting was the council's 

According to Oiallo, a draft of the support of a high school outreach 
new constitution wascirculated among program to insure further"academic 
the A.S. council a week prior to its excellence" and "high visibility on 
approval to fund the special election. campus, to reduce the gap between 
'Three weeks is plenty of time to administration and siudents." 

• •••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 
: Su Di.g. F.1k a_ita •• PI_nla : 
• 
• 

Singer/Songwriters oj SanDiego . : 
• Ca J 01 da Cartos Olmeda's debut CD was recently • : r,os me ,released on Digital Dexterity Records. : 
• Ric Ktzestner. Ric ~Slner has opened for such acu;u • 
• ,Kris Kristoffenon. Poco and Eric Ander- • 
• Don Parker and son. Don P~k~r will be playing ma ny. 
• songs from hiS mdependent relea3e Don • 
• Robin Morning Parter: Every/lling. Robin Morning h:u • 
• recently re leased her de but album Wut- • 
: Bam ma. Her ba nd is composed of Steve: 
• McHenr y, Don Nelson, and Kathleen. 

: Q~ I RestaurantWheatly. Friday, : 
· e Located in the J 21 • 
• Shjley Spo rts Center, anuary t • 
: -,~ 10820 N. Torrey Pines Rd. , PM • : 
• Bring this ad far a $2 discount. Call 4 3640JO for infonnation . • 
••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

Global 
Graduate. 

Right out of college, on person can t'hange a 
company. And one company can impact an industry. 

National emiconductor offers an environment nest 
characterized by the ongoing pursuit of positive cha nge. 

You'll have the opportunity to ucceed on your 0wn terms, 
while driving the continued evolution of a global 
leader in Te hnologies for Moving and Shaping 
Information®. Just remember, whether you're an 
engineer or finandal analyst, eve ryone at National 
is a changemaker. We think you'll agree it's the 
ultimate job title. 

~I 'T ( ~ ()'\ ( .\\IP( ~ 
1"\lllInl \ 111)\ "I ""II )"\. 

11"\ ( \\11'1 .... 1"\ II In 11\\" 
"" '( II H I \I{ I I HI' 1\ \ \I 'I ,,\ 

1'1 \1 I \11 'I (1I11( I I()I( 1)1 1\11" 

If unable to see us on campus, send your resume to National 
Semiconductor, University Recruiting, 1020 Kifer Road, Mail Sto p 
14-145, Sunnyvale, CA 94086-3737. Or phone 1-800-876-GRAD. 

d National p Semiconductor 
1'1'11"",,1 goy .... prc(crencto 10 current qu.ohO,"tl emplO'r~ . fur II opponunn"", .00 I.> In <!qu.d opponUlulv JII,rnUlI,e JnKJI' t"ITIrlo~"", \1 1-, D V 
·' laonol'>emKooduCloK1>. N . Jnd T«hnok'l4lCli fo, MU' lOlI JntS 'hJrm!! IntunlUlk'f1 .'"1: IrJllenlol'k., \)1 \;a l "~1;l I"'."mKooolK1or C" 'purJtlOr"l 

All 0111<:, IradenlJrk .,~ rcgl.>h:retllo IheJr ""Jl<.·cu,e [(>011"'""" 



4 OPINION 

EDITORIALS 
EdItorllJl 80MrJ 

TEDD lADO. EdItor In ChIef 
/IHI4A VAiSMAH. ~ EdItor 
SIMONE MIllER. eo.MenICIrC EdItor 

BRENT JOHNSON. OpInion Editor 
TERRY LEW. AsIOCiMe News Editor 

,.,.UCSD_ .. .......-_._ .... ~of~ ... ~.~ 
.lIIII. V .................... __ .. "'*"'_of"" __ ....... no! 

_ ......... of .. uc: _ of ............ AlUCSO. nor IN .... GuwdilnIlMl. 

Naw Cia tar ScIiooI Needs 
To Get Off the CIrou ... 

Affirmative action is dead. Period. 
However, the need to develop and retain UC-eligible, 

low-income students remains. No one would question the 
enormous disparity between the number of low-income 
students in California versus that in the UC system. Thou-
sands of low-income high school graduates are turned away 
from UCs each year because they just aren't ready for 
college - and this is because their primary and secondary 
education is often inadequate and almost always 
underfinanced. Thus, income is the real issue. And a 
blatantly race-preferential policy like affirmative action 
never was, or ever will be, the answer. 

But a proposal put forth this week by Marshall College 
Provost Cecil Lytle to Interim Chancellor Caserio clearly is. 
The idea is simple: Start with a few dozen high school 
students from southeast San Diego who are economically 
disadvantaged and have low academic achievement, but 
nonetheless show high academic potential. Then, put these 
students in an academically stimulating atmosphere - a 
fully funded charter school on a college campus, sponsored 
by UCSD. And hopefully, they will graduate high school 
more prepared to enter college than they would have been 
without the aid of a sound secondary education. 

Lytle's idea is both innovative and effective. It would 
help low-income students become UC-eligible without 
discriminating on the basis of skin color. It would be an 
outreach to the San Diego community, and it would be paid 
for from private and outreach funds. The students at the 
UCSD charter school would benefit not only from the 
higher quality of secondary education, but also from the 
serious, study-intensive environment of UCSD. 

Interim Chancellor Marjorie Caserio, we urge you to 
approve Lytle's charter-school proposal. If you don't, the 
school - and many high-potential students - may never 
get off the ground. 

'~' Falls VIctIm to the 
POlitically Correct Police 

Politically correct terminology used to be a form of 
gefleral politeness. Then, the PC movement began to 
slowly, but surely, degenerate into its current mode of 
overreactive paranoia. And this paranoia can be found in 
one of two types of people: the kind who are afraid to 
offend everyone, and the kind who are offended by 
everyone. An example of the latter recently caused some 
frantic change-of-terminology at Chico State University. 

CSU Campus Affirmative-Action Director Zaida Giraldo 
. accused a professorship advertisement of being biased 

toward white men. The accusation did not stem from any 
r'clcial slurs or derogatory remarks about women. Rather, it 
arose from CSU's use of the word "dynamic" in the adver-
tisement - which was a requirement sought in professorial 
candidates. Giraldo claimed that, because women and 
minorities tend to be less assertive than white males, using 
"dynamic" was inappropriate. 

CSU, realizing its dynamically horrendous error, 
quickly replaced the offending word with "excellent." So, 
perhaps the term "dynamic" has fallen into the PC 
crowd's taboo-~ord grave, along with so many other 
"outdated" terms, such as "chick," "black," "manhole," 
"chairman," "housewife," "Redskins football" and 
"garbage man." 

Sadly, it appears as though any word with allY conno-
tation can be twisted into a bigoted monster of a term. 
However, such a connotational death does not usually 
happen immediately, or at least not without a feeble ftght 
from Ihose of us who refuse to shrink our vocabularies. 
And this is fortunate for UCSD students because our 
univenity still has the right to seek dynamic profesSOR 
- II leul for now. 

Tbc UCSD Guntian " Tllunday, J.....-y 25,1996 

PINION 

THE PuBLIC EXPECTS Too 
MUCH FROM THE PREsIDENT 
COMMENTARY: Much of the negativity surrounding the presidency 

is initiated by the media and perpetuated by the American people 

o ere k 

A 
The Voice of 

Rewon 

As the u.s. presidential elec-
tion approaches, candi4ales en-
ter, exit and re~ the I1ICC on 
a weekly basis. The all-out cam-
paign advertising blitz has shown 
fledgling signs of life, while the 
media prep!lCCS itself for 0.1.-
type news coverage of cam-
paigns, polls IJId votes. Mean-
while, the political namc-calling 
never left - rather, it operates 
on a constant four-year cycle, 
gaining only a 
little momen-
tum every 
fourth Novem-

office, digging deep into the opponent's personal files to 
scrounge up any potentially damaging information. Per-
haps the othcrcandidate was caught throwing snowballs 
at the neighbor's house in the fifth grade. Or maybe he 
had detention for throe straight days in junior high. Once 
these juicy bits of scandal hit the public, the guilty 
candidale's campaign is finished. 

Still, the media deserves equal blame. In fact, report-
ers properly have initiated the entire mud-slinging prac-
tice. After all, it's only through the media that candidates 
can inform the public about the misdeeds of their 0ppo-
nents. Many writers make a conscious effort to dig up 

ber. Each 
candidate's entire life story somehow 
makes its way into every American 
home and even youngsters know the lat-
est scandal or accusation toward the can-
didates. Such frenzied activity raises 
some noteworthy questions, most com-
pelling of which is: Why the hell would 
anyone actually want to run for presi-
dent? 

If the prize for enduring such aggra-
vating publicity and scrutiny were more 
rewarding or enticing, it might be worth-
while. lnstead, the end result for the vic-
tor is usually even worse than the cam-
paigns themselves. The accusations 
never stop; actually, they increase sig-
nificantly, as the defeated party reorders 
its priorities to put slander IJId disgrace 
oftheopposition well above serving the 
country's needs. Simultaneously. 
though, the new president has to take on 
the responsibilities which come with the 
job: 2O-hour wort days, endless press 

·Sometlme • 
Am.rlca'. Ills 
are out of the. 

and run any possible stories about can-
didates' scandals, even if it requires fab-
rication or embellishment. During the 
primaries and general election, we can 
expect to see virtually every newscast 
begin with a "hot story" about another 
woman coming forward to tell the 
American public that she had an affair 
with Bill Clinton, or that Pat Buchanon 
wac; a bu lIy ac; a chi Id. It has gotten to 
the point where any prospective politi· 
cian must walk on egg shells from el-
ementary school onward. One slip.up and 
he's through. 

Sadly. the media is not the most guilty 
party. No, the American public deserves 
far more blame. After all, television, ra-
dio, newspapers and magazines do not 
force consumers to buy into this brand 
of scandalous reporting. They sell these 
stories precisely because the media 
knows what Americans want. By the 
same token, the candidates are equally 
aware that the public is swayed by tales 
of grammar-school mischief, and they 
seek to capitalize on this. If Americans 
showed they were more interested in the 

.overnment'. 
control, but 
the AmerIcan 
public 81w8,S 
.xpects Its 
I .... rato 
soIv. them. 

conferences and meetings. obIigarory <WerSCaS trips and 
unhappy constituents. PertIaps Colin Powell knew what 
he was doina when he decided not to run. 

Consider for a moment the ~Iendess IJId often child-
ish wars-of-words which take place between candidIIes. 
CIwIces II'C, !hey tqin wich lhe'*'1llign advisors, I'IIher 
IhIn the candidIfes Ihena.JftI. A learn cllnllOYinaad-
visors - all cl whom think IhII the besc pIIh to IIICCaI 
is 10 IIIaCk the oppoIleM, I1Iher chin 10 emphaize its 
candidIIe's own IIn:ft&Ihs - sics IIOUIId in a c:IIIaftd 

admirable qualities of candidates, 
chances are the media would oblige. However, positive 
stories never have been, nor ever will be, the kind of in-
formation most people want to hear. Just as all newscasts 
durins non-eJec;:tion times begin with stories of murders 
and other horrors, 10 too will the election newscasts be-
gin with, Ind emphasize, the neplivc. 

Part cl the nuiIInce of beina president stems from the 
public's unreaIi_ expectaIions. The a~ American 
either foqcts IhIIl eWlybody mikes milbka, or honcsdy 

s.e.........,..p ... e 

TIIunday, Janu.y 25, 1996 1bc UCSD Guardian OPINION ~ 

COMMENTARY: Last week's Guardian article questioned the ways Microsoft conducted its business, 
but it failed to provide ample support to back up its accusatory claims 

MICROS Off PLAYS BY THE RULES 
By Vince H.-ron 
Contributinl Opinion Writer · 

On Jan. II, the GwmliIJn pdb-
lished an anicle entitled, "Exposing 
the Harsh Realities of Microsoft." 
The piece was an emotional attack 
on Microsoft's Windows 95 com-
puter operating system and was 
filled with outdated facts, woefully 
inaccurate technical information 
and unsupported assertions. As 
such, the opinion anicle ignon:d any 
established journalistic standards. 

The assault begins with repeated 
references to the user-friendliness 
and simplicity of Windows 95, as-
sening that these features prevent 
users from harnessing the true 
power of their computers. But there 
is no explanation of what is consid-
ered "oversimplified," or how this 
thwarts the power of the computer. 
Simplification does not always re-
sult in a loss of control, as is sug-
gested. 

The main problem with this line 
of reasoning is the idea that com-

Willie ·511""i(" Prn'o 
Graduating: lund. 1992 .. 

Killed: May 28. 1992 
Cleveland. 011 

If you don't stop someone 
from driving drunk. who will? 

Do whatever it takes. 
FRIENDS DOl, T LET fRIENDS DRII.E DRLNK 

YOu'll be ...... 
GREEN 

because .e'r. 
READ 

..... n AIIYertI .... 
lMa ... 

puter use can be oversimplified. 
Windows 95 is arzuably the easiest 
operating system available, al-
though many people still have dif-
ficulty mastering its basic concepts. 
Due to the layperson's insuffICient 
knowledge of computers, he is natu-
rally unable to tap their full poten-
tial. If anything, we would need 
even more simplification for com-
puters to be as accessible as tele-
phones or televisions. 

The statement "[Windows 9~] 
forces your computer to go through 
countless extra and unnecessary 
steps" is made without a single sup-
porting example, and it is incorrect. 
Producing a slow, inefficient pro-
gram would not benefit Microsoft 
at all. Such a stralcgy would give 
potential competitors an angle of 
attack, something Microsoft has 
never done. 

The article then suggests the lay-
person should be able to operate the 
computer based on his own indi-
vidual needs, asserting that Win-

,~\\\/JI/// 
~ "..-

n.ere Is no 
.xpI...aonot 
wtudls 
considered 
·OV ........... Ifted' or 
how " affects the 
powerotthe 
computer. 
dows 95 is too inflexible. Again, the 
article offers no specifics on how 
Windows 9~ imposes inflexibility 

on its users, nor docs it describe how 
competing operating systems enable 
the layperson to compute based on 
his own individual needs better than 
Windows9~. 

The article also claims that 
"[Windows 9~J is a bloated mess 
that piggy-backs on top of DOS." 
But most computer users want an 
operating system capable of running 
the newest software, as well as the 
tens of thousands of existing soft-
ware applications written for Win-
dows 3.1 or MS-DOS. Windows 9~ 
is the result of reconciling thes~ two 
goals within certain hardware limi-
tations. 

Moreover, the artide mentioned 
a competing operating system, 
IBM's ill-fated osn. Much to the 
chagrin of IBM, the technical ad-
vantages of OS/2 were not enough 
to save it from poor marketing and 
a small library of software. To in· 
crease acceptance of OS/2, IBM 
added U:e ability to run most Win-
dows 3.1 and DOS applications. In 

effect, IBM conceded defeat: It had 
been bested by Microsoffs superior 
marketing effort. 

With the current release of Win-
dows 95, OS/2 seems dated. OS/2 
cannot run the hot new "Win32" ap-
plications that Windows 9~ can run. 
lt is rumored that rBM will integrate 
Win32 capability into a new release 
of OS/2. It is also rumored that IBM 
might drop osn because of a lack 
of commercial acceptance. 

The Guardian commentary 
also condemns Microsoft's busi-
ness practices, describing a vol-
ume discount that Microsoft for-
merly gave to encourage sales of 
its operating-system software. 
Microsoft offered two prices for 
Windows to computer makers: per 
copy or volume discount. The vol-
ume discount plan was meant to 
entice PC manufacturers to use 
Microsoft operating 'systems ex-
clusively by requiring the manu-
facturer to pay Microsoft for ev-

See WRONG, Page 7 

f-era lfie"-1~~If" 
~If"t#e~-;,,~-~eral.' 

e."'1I"1fS, 
~~tra~ " "ielf-;~flf 
flf"t#e~-;,,~-~e.I.' 

'I."f~. 
Brooktree. Our revolutionory technology continues 10 break 
new ground in almost every area - from digitol 

communications and multimedia to RANDAC. Bul with all 

we've accomplished, the best is yet to come. We wont to lalk 
to candidates with a as or /liS in Electrical Engineering. We'll 
be on he UCSO campus on Ihe following do,.: 

IraoIrIi II Corpotate Presentalion 
... • .,. J ••• ,30 1996 

5:00 ....... 6=00,... 
PriIIc.tw 

Can't wait? Visit us at hUp:/ /www.brooktree.com 



6 OPINION 

PRESIDENT: 
Pressures of the job 
outweigh benefits 
ContInued from ..... 4 
believes that politicians should be 
flawless and should have led 
unconuptcd lives up to the time of 
candidacy. Quite honestly, I don't ~ 
if BilfCiinton tried marijuana in col-
Iege.1 don't care lhal Bob Dole might 
have had an affair. Most of these ac-
WSIIIions have linle bearing on the ev-
eryday duties of the president If Bill 
Clinton spends his time smoking pot 
instead of working on die budget. then 
I might have some concern. Yet, mi-
nor personal mistUcs in ooc's life do 
not necessarily prevent him from 
making wise decisions for the coun-

try. 
However, public expectations in-

crease dramaIicaIly afIer the candidate 
wins the election. Naturally, the same 
rules apply here as during the elec-
tion: no snowball throwing or other 
improper behavior. But new stories 
and rumors corne along just to make 
the pRSicIenl's job even more unen-
joyable. The American public seems 
to ellpect him to fil everything im-
mediately, regardless of the limita-
tions of his job. Nevermind the 
president's limited powers, the com-
bative and inefficient Congress. the 
natural problems of governing (lim-
ited budget with unlimited needs) and 
the multi-partisan nature of the coun-
try - people sjll expect the president 
to deliver. And if he doesn't, he will 
cenainly hear about it from the pub-

The UCSD Guardian 

lie and the media. I can't inattgine whal 
type of pmon would voluntarily sub-
ject himself to such public scrutiny, 
only to endure even more of it once 
he wins. 

Consider some of the limitations 
of the president: FII'Sl of a1~ the presi-
dent cannot introduce bills; thus, his 
capacity for iniIiIJIing change is s0me-
what hampered, Secondly, any 
change he authorizes is bound to up-
set clo8e 10 half of the IIIlion, becIuse 
less than half of the populace is affiJj-
lied with his party. Bill most impor-
tantly, it is not entirely within the 
president's power, nor within the 
power of legislation, to remedy all of 
America's problems. Sometimes 
America's ills are out of the 
government's control, but the Ameri-
can public always ellpecu its leaders 

to solve them. And because the 1RSi-
dent stands at the lop as the most vis-
ible leader of the government. he is 
the first to take the blame. After all. 
most Americans don't elect a new 
president simply to preserve the sta-
tusquo. 

Again, we must ask ourselves: 
Why would someone voIunIur to be 
president? Certainly, we can eliminate 
the old-fashioned notion of wanting 
to serve one's country. Considering 
the public's animosity towards poli-
ticians, it's obvious that Americans 
wouldn't buy into that ideology any-
way. Fame rnay motivate some people 
to enter politics, but it would hardly 
be worth the price paid to achieve it. 

A cursory glance at modem-day 
politics can quite easily identify the 
correct answer as to why one would 

\I Dexter's not his usual self. 
You suspect the salsa. 

So you call Dr. Nusblatt, your family vet back home. 

The call is cheap-
(Too bad about the consultation fee.) 

"i:"':11 11J1 II ,. \1.\ I 111/,' N,·tI, II ".1\ ill.:...: .... ;lIlll ..... 11(· .2.')"" 

no ilIa tt c r ,,,h()~ h(),,,. "'hCIl or ,,,ht-rc 
\(1111',111 ill 111l" I.". 

Life can be complicated A1&:T 1hIe Rach Savings5" is simple. S3\'e 25% on eYer)' kind of call on 
your A1&Tphone bill-direct dal, calling card, directory assistance,locaI toll, cellular, fax and modem-

when }QU spend just $25 a mondf No other plan gives you all these different ways to saveo· 
Just call 1800TRUE-An'to sign up. Save on eYer)' call. That 's >t>urTrueC~ 

• AM 
Your True Choice 

.. nursday, January~, 1996 

run for_president: personal greed 
and power. It doesn't take an intui-
tive eye to spot this greed, either. 
Anyone who sees the campaign ads 
or listens to the embarrassing per-
sonal attacks by the candidates 
k.nows these people want power and 
money. 

And with such an intense desire 
to achieve it, perhaps we should not 
be surprised to see so many stories 
about scandals and corruption. Con-
sidering who's running for office-
and why they're running- we have 
to accept that politicians are far from 
perfecL At the same time, we should 
nOi try to put candidates on pedes-
tals and then act surprised and up-
set when we bring them down. Af-
ter all, what type of person would 
want to be president? 

RIMAC 
SuperComputer Center _ .... 
UNEX gu~ 
Institute 01 the Americas ~ .... 
Gilman DrIve Inlo Booth 
Torrey Pines Center 
No. T.P. Info BooII1 
510 Library 
Snackropolis, SIO 
Nleremberg Hal, SIO 
Thornton Hosp. ER 

51. Germain's 
ElTorilo 
Cal Copy 
BJ's Pizzeria 
Kinko's 
Ralphs 
Garden State Bagel 
Vons 
Pappachino's 
La Jolla Del Sol 
AIler1aon's 
Soup Exchange 
Subway 
Ben & Jeny's 
Zebra Copy 
Stella Bela 
Koala Yogurt 
Costa Verde Car Wah 
La Salsa 
Rubio's 
Taco Bell 
Java HOUle 
News Etc. 
Beans 

Subway ~ 
Roberto's 

Jell's Burgera 
Neigtmor Saver ~~ 
No. Shore cafe ...... 
PaninI Call. 

Amy'sCale 
La .lola 8IewIng Co. 
HOUle QI Natural Foods 
La Jolla PublIc l.j)ra~ 
Baltimore Bagel . 
Bernini's ., 
Pannikln VI 
7·11 (La JoAa Blvd.) 
Bustamante's 
Starbucks 
Ambiance Cale .... 
Zanzibar .~~ 
cafe Crama .....-
7·11 
OuikComer 
Soup Exchange 
Oregon Hou8e ~ 
M.B. Tan ~ 
M.B. laundry 
MIuIon Coffee House _ . .JlIIIIIl' 
Ben & JerTy's ~~ 
Roberts Taco Shop • 

RIca ~ "'" 
BIIItImora Segel ~~ 
Red RobIn .".... 

PIMIdn ~~ 
The LMng Room 
PaltaTlrneCale . ...-.111' 
: ':. PIzza _ --"",,'IfII'" -
Ben & .-rye \Jr"""-
The 8Iudr 
e.....,AanIII 
E....,....CIfe 
UC8DMIcIC., 
(IuIIF ..... 

l 

-Thunday, January:!S, 1996 

WRONG: 
Windows 95 is the 
best option available 
ContInued from ..... S 
ery computer sold, regardless of 
whether the machine carried a 
Microsoft operating syslem. 

While this may seem unfair, 
[8M could have offered the same 
deal. Also, there is no existing pre-
cedent or law prohibiting this kind 
of volume discount. Microsoft 
only did what was in its best in-
terest. The Guardian article does 
not mention that this practice 
ended approximately six months 
ago, when the Department of Jus-
tice made a deal with Microsoft to 
stop this questionable discount 
strategy, threatening the company 
with an anti-trust battle. Yet the 
editorial referred tp the practice 
constantly, as though the informa-
tion was current and factual. 

The article then makes a fantas· 
tic jump in logic, arguing that the 
volume-discount strategy prevented 
smaller companies with better prod-
ucts from competing with 
Microsoft. The facl is, any company 
could have gone up against 
Microsoft , just as IBM did with OSI 
2. The other companies just knew 
belter. 

It could be argued that 
Microsoft's dominance in operating 
systems is a product of the 
consumer's reluctance to try some-
thing new, like osn; but even if OSI 
2 claims to run a variety of Windows 
and DOS applications, lhere may be 
subtle inconsistencies which pre-
vent an application from function-

ing properly. For a short period of 
time, ffiM sold its PCs with OSI2 
installed as the standard operating 
system. This package hurt sales so 
badly that the policy was quickly 
discontinued. It is ffiM's job to con-
vince the consumer of the quality 
ofOSI2. 

One of the most frustrating 
points of the article was its discus-
sion of the Windows 95 Registra-
tion Wizard. The article cites a 
May 22 issue of Information Week, 
saying "Microsoft officials con-
firm that beta versions of Win-
dows 95 include a small viral rou-
tine called Reg-

The UCSD Guardian 

which the GUQnJicm article men-
tioned. In reality, the Registration 
Wizard is only invoked when the 
user selects an option called "On-
line Registration." It collects infor-
mation about your machine only; it 
does not go over a network to accu-
mulate information. 

The information is used to assist 
in technical support by collecting 
accurate information about the 
make and model of computer com-
ponents, the frequent causes of 
problems. The information is also 
used by Microsoft's marketing de-
partment to add users to mailing lists 

for the types of 
software they use. istration Wiz· 

ard. It i nterro-
gates every 
system on the 
network, gath-
ering intelli· 
gence on what 
software is be· 
ing run on what 
machine. It 
then creates a 
complete list -

An, com ..... , could 
have.,... up 

In doing so, 
Microsoft joins the 
ranks of dozens of 
other companies 
offering on-line 
registration . The 
information gath-
ered by the soft-
ware is presented 
to the user to in-

.... nst Microsoft, 
Just .. IBM did with 
OS/2. 1he other 
companle. Just 
knew better. 

ing of bOlh Microsoft's and com-
petitors' products by machine, 
which it reports to Microsoft when 
customers sign up for Microsoft's 
Network Services, due for launch 
later this year. Customers must ac-
tively disable this routine if they 
don ' t want it to run." It must have 
been very embarrassing for ,,,jar. 
mation Week to be so terribly 
wrong . 

Information Week later published 
a retraction and several other major 
computer magazines carried articles 
describing the true functions of the 
Registration Wizard, neither of 

clude or exclude it 
from the registration before it is sent 
to Microsoft. A complete walk-
through and e1lplanation of the Reg-
istration Wizard can be found at : 
<htlp:llwww.microsoft.com/wi n-
dows/pr/rel!wiz.huTl> 

As you can see, there was little 
to be learned from "E1Iposing the 
Harsh Realities of Microsoft." Com-
mentaries are useful as long as the 
examples are factual , and the argu-
ments are logically constructed. 
Unfortunately, the editorial pub· 
!ished in the Guardian lacked the 
key elements mandated by journal-
istic responsibility. 

wee-are lair 
\ f r 1 I, I) " Il , I' h I r j I) 

~ __ ----, 
---- pO"', C 0 U , 

Qua'tty hI\rcut ;1115 ' 
pIUS ,hampoo;P 71 ~ 
• cand\t\Ollr , 

1,75 , ." • 587~CUTT •• 
a.r. end 2I15/M 

F R E E 
I 
I 
I 
I 

....... ,.men" a., I 
,nI, CIIIr or ............ I 

110,.,.,., 

OPINION 7 

$B 
IT 

1996 
~~e' I. n" 

11th ~nrt\llll 
Ian: Bil~@ 

Film r.¢·gtivcil 
January 30 February 22 

~rt'('l8 \)ncoY~'r~'d 
118 frt8('ct8 Jim McBride 

Philip Haas England 
England February 27 

February 6 1\< ~08t 
TnribLt· Tim·t · in n :.t· ~'.1 Lift· 

" 

lblv(' V ill" Kaizo Hayashi Japan 
Alain Robbc-Grillct 

Belgium MarchS 

February 7 Loti LiJ·~· 
rr:.~·rtc h TWi8t George Hickeolooper USA 

Josiane Balasko 
France March 12 

February 12 Li/t: It. Bnth..' 

-1rtterti&' 8 
tb,f H.U!" •• cI ~id 
Chung Jiyoung 
L,irt:.~· Korea 

Marleen Gorris March 14 Holland 

February 13 
J{(·t&111\,i6 

.. 
Geoffrey Wright 

E t;,(.1' rt4 1 Australia 
.. 

Em.1ir:.~· March 26 
Park Chong-won H.,,(·U14J\ .rt 

Korea tht.· ...... / 
February 16 Jean-Paul 

\t1t. i. th.t: "01\- Rappcncau 
,tn-Yo" ., ",., France 

• Peter Schamoni 
Germany plu8 

February 20 it mol'(' " 
~mbk' irt Pl'('m i('1'('8l 
the' Jrert" 

UCSD Box Office 
534-TIXS 

Jackie Chan for complete 
HongKonS informationl 



8 NEWS The UCSO Guardian 

POLICY: .. Tlled ..... to ACcording to Atkinson, the Id- SCHOOL: 
..., .... 1 ..... 1 ditional time until implementation Connedy'furious' of SP-I will allow the university Lytle hopes to set 

over delay lid .............. to study the measure's impacts and trend across nation 
tM ...... iItii1IOII to inform tire --community or 

CaMInued from ..... 1 
at. of SP-l ••• 

changes in University of Califor- CoIdIIIued ... pICe 1-
guidelines by Jan. I, 1997 would nia admissions policies. in fall of 1997. 
have been extremely difficult," 

...... ..,(AtldnaonJ At last week's UC Board of Re- "There are a lot of legal issues 
.. Lightfoot said, "and would have cre- te .llow aurtlcleat gents' meeting, the regents voted that have to be settled, not just the ated a situation in which we would 12-4 to indefinitely postpone any academic ones," Lytle said. 
be implementing the new policy in tIMe to deV.1op I vole concerning the proposed re- Charter schools were first autho-
the middle of the application pro-

....... oprIlII. scission of SP-Iand SP-2. rized in California by then-Senator 
cess." Despite SP-I' s implementation Gary Han' s(D-SanIa Barbara) 1992 

However, Regent Ward proce_ .... delay, few view Atkinson's move Charter Schools Act 
Connerly, who led the dri ve to end 

."., .. 10_1 as a wealcening of the regents' '1tprovidOO fornew schools from 
affirmative-action policies in the stance on ending affirmative ac- the ground up," Sutherland said. 
UC system last summer, told the definitions to tion. "Anyone can petition to open a new 
Los Angeles Times Wednesday he IlIIpl ..... nt the "I would think it's being held school. It's an alternative to the 
was "furious" over Atkinson's de-

selection ern .... " up for logistical reasons," A.S. 
voucher system." 

cision to delay implementation of President Naomi Falk said. ''I'm UCSO's would be the first of 
SP-I . - .,... GIIIIpnI glad SP-I is being postponed, but roughly 300 charter schools in 

". hope iI's a misunderstand- UC Assistant Vice President of 1 hold the belief that [SP- IJ would America to be university sponsored. 
ing," Connerly told the Timu. Student Academic Services negatively impact the university "We're not trying to be a genius 
'They have ample time from Jan. and needs to be stricken off the school," Lytle said. "The idea is to 
I of 1997 to get their act together the length and timing of the ad- books." bring the power and resources of the 
for the fall of 1997. Under no cir- missions process and the complex Connerly, in the meantime, told major, modem research university ... 
cumstances,l repeat, under no cir- nature of the changes we are mak- the Times that if the University of to the service of the community." 
cumstances, are we agreeing to ing, implementation of SP-I will California does not resolve the Lytle added that although the 
the fall of 1998." take effect for students seeking implementation tie-up quicldy, "we idea of a UCSD charter school is an 

The original wording of SP- I admission to the fall 1998 enter- will call a special meeting of the old one, it only recently began re-
stipulates that, beginning lan. I. ing class." board to make it abundantly clear ceiving serious consideration. 
1997, the university shall not usc 'The decision to modify the ini- that [the policy J applies for the fall "About a year ago, when it be-
race, religion, sell, color, ethnicity tial interpretation of the implemen- of 1997." came c1earthe regents were going to 
or national origin as criteria for tation date of SP-I was made by SP-2, which ends affinnative- take on the affinnative-action issue 
admissions to the UC system. [Atkinson] to allow sufficient time action policies in university hiring and probably overrule it, 1 think we 

However, a leiter sent out last to develop appropriate processes and and contracting, took effect Ian . I started taking [the charter school 
Friday by UC Assistant Vice Presi- operational definitions to implement and will not be impacted by idea] a lot more seriously," he said. 
dent of Student Academic Services the selection criteria," the leiter Atkinson's announcement regard- According to the school's mis-
Dennis Galligani stated that"gi ven stated. ing SP-1. sion statement, "The UCSD Chaner 

~EACE CORPS Celebrating 35 years of s~rvice 

~I 

EACE s &PSATUCSD 
INFORMATION BOOTH: 

Tuesday - Wednesday 10:00 - 2:00pm 
January 23 - 24, 1996 

Price Center Plaza Area 
SPECIAL SEMINARS: 

Peace Corps: 35 years and growing 
2:00 - 4:00pm 

Tues January 23 
Career Services conference room 

SE.NIORS APPLY NOWI 

Multi Cultural Job Fair 
11:00 - 2:00pm 

Thurs January 25 
Price Center Ballroom 

http://www.peacecorps,gov E-mail: lainfo@peacecorps.gov or call (800)424-8580x1 

• Oliver Peoples 
• Gualtier 
• Matsuda 
• Fred 
• Cartier 
• Annani FREE l'AII COLOIED COI'ACTS W J. FR .. .:sH LOOKS PI.() , 'U -6.00 8rown Eyes '0 81"". GItCII. HiI7.c1 Wi'h ,he purCMJIe of any enn' •• el len, pack.ge below $89 DAILY t 1-2- 9 DISPOSABLE WEAR LENSES 

COMPL£n: COMPLEn: Inc ... two 6,,0'1. 

::89 Ellen~~ Wear 
• PlESCIIPIIONS P1U.ED 
• GlAssU DUPUCAlID 
• COMN1I m EXAMS 
• No APPOINI'MINT NECESSARY ••• 

~ 

.1bunday, January 2S, 1996 

High Sc!tool can mly be successful 
if it has stimulalcd its graduales to 
enjoy a lifelong intellectual curios-
ity, exercise self -discipline and dedi-
calc themselves to continued Ieam-
ing." 

The school's swdenls would be 
selected from those already in the 
Achievement Via Individual Deter-
mination (AVID) program, which 
consists of students with demon-
strated academic potential but poor 
or mediocre academic performance. 

"The profile of the A VIDstudent 
is low-income and probably a grade 
or two behind in reading and math," 
Lytle said. "The idea is to identify 
students who are motivated to do 
well ... and have theability to achieve 
more." 

The proposal calls for up to eight 
hours per day of intensive instruc-
tion in the Un;versity of California 's 
"A-F' subject requirements. 

However, Lytle denied the stu-
dents would be granted any special 
considerations if they apply to 
UCSD. 

"Nowhere in this program and 
nowhere in our thinJcing is there an 
automatic admission to UCSD," 
Lytle added. 'The idea is to prepare 
students to walk in the front door, 
not the back door. 

"If the students have any intelli-
gence whatsoever ... they will pros-
per and they will do just as well as 
the fast-track students at La 10lla 
High," he said. 

DAMAGES: 
Employees demand 
withheld wages 
Continued from pace 1 
their official bargaining union. The 
university had made the offer to 
non-union employees. 

The technical workers were not 
represented by UPTE, however, 
when the University of California 
first revealed its plan for wage in-
creases. Citing that the final deci-
sion and wage disbursements were 
made in January I99S, the univer-
sity says it is free of any obligation 
requiring it to pay the cost-of-living 
increases. 

'The technical employees have 
had to wait a year-and-a.half for a 
decision in their favor," UPTE rep-
resentative Koichi Naruishi said. 
"And if the UC appeals the maUer, it 
will be even more frustrating for the 
workers." 

Approximately 15 to 20 techni-
cal employees picketed during the 
news conference, demanding pay-
ment for the withheld wages owed 
them according to PERB's settle-
ment. 

"It's time for the UC to pay the 
raises they took from us a year-and-
a-half ago," said Michael Bennet, a 
lab assistant at the Veterans' Ad-
ministration Medical Center. 

" 

UCSD GUARDIAN ARTI a INTIRTAINMEN' JAN U A R Y 25,1996 

Street 
Itlm.-
, ..... til •• will It. 
I. t .... t.,. to.orrow. 

• Tom Arnold and Rick Moranis 
star as adults who rekindle their 
childhood rivalry in Big Bully. 
The movie opens at theaters 
throughout San Diego. 

• The Promise, Gennan director 
Margarthe von Trotta's film about 
two lovers in a divided Berlin, 
opens at the Ken Ci nema on Sun-
day and continues through Feb. I . 
Info: 283-5909. 

• Lewis (Christian Slater) is a 
NewYorkCitynowershopowner 
who falls in love with Lisa (Mary 
Stuart Masterson) in Bed of Roses, 
which opens at theaters through-
out San Diego. 

• Screamers, asci-fi thriller based 
on a short story by Philip K. Dick, 
opens at theaters throughout San 
Diego. 

'h ..... bu .... will be In 
record atoreaon Tueadey. 

• Fonner 'Til Tuesday singer 
Aimee Mann willreleaseJ'm With 
Stupid. 

• The punk band NOFX will 
release Heavy Pening Zoo. 

• The Belfast lrio, Therapy?, will 
release InfernLJl Love. 

• The late Eazy-E will release 
Slr8 Off Tha Steetl. Of 
Muthaphu**;n Compton. 

• Ministry will release Filth Pig. 

• Ex-Pixie Frank Black will re-
lease The Cult of Ray. 

• The Fugees, a rap group of 
former Haitians, will release The 
Score. 

i'Jr.~ 
.Lany Clark' s controversial film 
Kids is due in stores on Tuesday. 

• Tickets go on sale today at 3 
p.m. for Jonathan Richman, who 
will perfonn with Skid Roper and 
The Shambles at the Casbah on 
March 2. Tickets are $6. Info: 
232-43SS. 

• Tickets go on sale today at 3 
p.m. for the Ian Moore band. which 
will perfonnwiththeFreewheelies 
at Brick by Brick on Feb. 22. 
Tickets are $8.SO in advance, S 10 
at the door. Info: 275.LIVE. 

froD1 

· till 
Sreenwriter Quentin Tarantino and dir~ctor Robert 
Rodriguez combine to ~uck the life out of film noir 

By Farsam Shadab 
___ Special to the Guardian 

ILMS LIKE FROM DUSK T,u 
Dawn make me thankful [ had a free 
movie pass. Dusk is a grueling flick to 
watch, and not just because it 
is supposed to be a horror film. 
Quentin Tarantino, who wrote 
the screenplay and stars in the 
film, is one reason why it fails. 
Director Robert RO<biguez is 
the other. The folly of putting 
the minds of these two direc-
tors in close proximity was 
made shockingly evident in last year's 
disastrous Four Rooms. 

In From Dusk Till Dawn, the damage 
done is more than the sum of Rodriguez' 
and Tarantino's arts - it is a synergy of 
crap. Their utopian Hollywood ideal 
look:. forced and artificial. The sham of 

their art is revealed when they strain to 
be unconventional. If the future of cin-
ema is to be a bright one, the myopic 

vis ions of such one-trick -pony 
filmmakers should be ignored. 

Tarantino and Rodriguez 
contribute directly to Dusk's 
shortcomings: Tarantino pro-
vides a proudly inane screen-
play, while Rodriguez gives 
us hollow production values 
and his now-tired visual style. 

And there are many moments when 
Tarantino's script is so brazenly inco-
herent that no amount of suspension of 
disbelief can save it. 

The opening scene is perhaps the 
film's highpoint. Seth (George Oooney) 
and Richard Gecko (Quentin Tarantino) 

PAVEMENT 
CRACKS 

see page H14 

Courtesy 01 Dimension Films 
Tou&h qs: Jacob Fuller (Harvey Keitel) 
and Seth Gecko (George Clooney) get 
ready to battle the vampires (top). Seth 
Gecko arms himself (above). 

hold up a lonely liquor store in the 
middle of the Texan desert. Aeeing 
from a jai I break and bank robbery, the 
Gecko brothers will do anything to get 
to Mexico. By threatening the lives of a 
minister's (Harvey Keitel) two children 
(Juliette Lewis and Ernest Liu), they 
eventually coerce the pastor into driv-
ing them across the border in his RV. 
Once in Mexico, the Geckos take the 
minister and his children to a rowdy 
biker bar, which turns out to be a vam-
pire haven. 

Rodriguez (El Mariachi, Des-
perado) relies too much on frenetic 
high-speed editing and discontinuous 
jump-cutting to inject some drama into 
action scenes which are clearly bowled 

See DUSK, page H1D 



IDATIJS 10 

FRI 

\ . 

DAY 

, 

• 

The UCSD 0uaniIn 
" Thunday, JIIUU)' n, 1996 

Courtesy 01 Dimension FWms He.,...... ......... : Richard Gecko (Quentin Tarantino) is a maniacal killer on the 
run in From Dusk Till Dawn. 

D·USK: Tarantino has 
finally hit rock bottom 
Continued from ...,e H9 
over with banality. And the special effects are 
undennined by a heavy reliance on two-dimen-
sional morphing which looses its luster almost 
as fast as the fi 1m's unexpected two-part premise. 

Tarantino's filmic mind has a very disin-
genuous methodology: He has passively inter-
nalized the entire history of film and, almost as 
passively, regurgitated it onto the cinemalic 
canvas. It' s hardly the process of an artist Rather, 
Tarantino jeny-riggs indiscriminate chunks of 
past films onto a convoluted. multi-coIoredPJay-

EOfS.IlDI 

Doh slab of little inspiration. 
Tarantino brings to bear the age-old artistic 

conflict of intluence versus thievery. I wonder if 
he is haunted by the ghosts of all filmmakers 
whose work he has despoiled. In a few words, 
he's all about empty artistic vandalism. palmed-
off as innovation and consumed by an ignora-
mus culture. 

Tarantino's misadvenlures are bringing both 
good actors and film noir - a vital genre -
down. Quentin Tarantino's filmmaking tirade 
has finally reached rock bottom. Will somebody 
please retire this guy? 

From DUJk Till Dawn is showing at theaters 
throughout San Diego. 

- 11usday. Janumy lS. 1996 The UCSD Gurilll 

Courtesy of Sony Pictures 
~: Miette (Judith Vittet) tries to escape the clutches ofthe evil Cyclops on the back 
of One (Ron Perlman) in The City of Lost Children. 

A Visionary Tale 
Jean-Pierre Jenet and Marc Caros The City of 

Lost Children is Frances Answer to Brazil 
By Corey B. Niles 
Guardian Reporter 

Cinema's potential for creating 
wondrous atmospheres is 
perhaps best illustrated by 
Jean-Pierre Jend and Marc 
Caro's City of Lon Chil-
dren . The world the two 
directors create is aston-
ishing and fantastic. Their 
collective imagination is 
disturbing, yet wonderful. 

City goes even further 
in its altempt to enthrall viewers than 
the pair's first film, Delicatessen. The 
visuals are more intense - nothing 
since Terry Gilliam's Brazil has been 
more elaborate. The film's atmosphere 
has a damp, darlt feel, much like Tim 
Burton's Batman. But the port lown 
in City is more macabre, creating a 
visual 'feel unique to this movie. 

The unoriginal narrative is rather 

si mple. A circus strongman, One (Ron 
Perlman>, loses his adopted little 
brother, Denree (Joseph Lucien), to a 

cyborg cult called the Cy-
clops. In addition to One' s 
brother. other young chil-
dren disappear throughout 
the city. Despite his lim-
ited i nleliigence, One sets 
out to find his brother. 

WonoverbythegenLie 
brute's purity of heart and 
hoping to find something 

herself, Miette (Judith Vinet) joins 
One's quest. Her youthful beauty and 
grace, which stand out against the 
murky backdrop, are something that 
audiences will find impossible to ig-
nore. 

Every character is played bril-
liantly, highlighted by Dominque 
Pinon's remarkable portrayal of seven 
different character~ and Daniel 

-

Emilfork: as the villain. Emilfork 
plays his role with so much feeling 
that it is hard to hate his old lonely 
character. 

The adult characters are a gro-
tesque bunch - a collection of ge-
netic misfits. crooks and carnival 
freaks who are all laden with with 
some sort of perversion. In this film, 
only the children are beautiful. 

The fact that the film is in French 
with English subtitles only adds to 
its surreal feeling. The voiceoflrvin, 
the aquarium·dwelling cerebrum 
voiced by the legendary Jean-Louis 
Trintigant, is spine-tingling. 

The fonnula may be simple, but 
the characters and twists Jenet and 
Caro throw in are enough to mask 
the film's shortcomings. Cay isjust 
fun to watch. 

The Cityo!wstChildren is show-
ing at the Park Theatre in Hillcrest. 

FREE SUNGLASSES 

.. -

Get a free pair of Bausch & Lomb Its sunglasses with 
eye ~xam and purchase of disposable contact lenses. 
We recommend Bausch & Lomb ReNu Multi-purpose 
solution for use with disposables. Call for more details. 
Offer expires March 31 st, 1996. 

GORDON WONG • DOCTOR 0' OPTOMETRY 
6523 LA JOLLA IOULIVAID • (619,459-6200 

J-UAnJS II 

VC SAN DIECO *" 
\ I t \ I • ~rl~.~· j~.¢8 

UCSD CHAMBER MUSIC SERIES 

"NI6H-VOlTA6E 
VIRTUOSITY" 

,.. ........ 

SEE WHAT THE NOISE IS ALL ABOUT 
FEBRUARY 9, 10 & 11 

FRIDAY 8c SATURDAY AT &PM • SUNDAY AT 3PM 8c &PM 
SPRECKELS THEATER' TICKETS: $17· $29 

Jewish K1ezmer music /rom 
New Yorks Lower East Side 

TIre 

... 

a cs · 
FEBRUARY 15 
THURSDAY' 8PM 
UCSD 
PRICE CENTER 
BALLROOM 
G.A. $16 
STUDENTS $12 

pc I • ..., UCSD 80" ,.....,.. 
UC8D UMO 1 I" ~ vrrlW. E"..... ...... s:w.nx5 

; 4, .... 
__ I c:a= 

---
--



\ , 
12 CLASSIFIEDS 

\ \ '\ ( )1 '\ ( I \ II \ I " 
Club.. organiz.tion.. & Gr •• k.· 
Incr •••• m.mb.r.hip, PR, and 
a •• r.n... ir: ttUI Guardl.n 

~.(818) 
CLASSIFIEDS 

Cor9atuIdonI to Eric B., Jennifer C., 
KInC., S&mnerE., DebbIe F .• Eric K., 
Lori N .• KaIIIrine N .• Mark 5., Kory S., 
SMtS., CtwillDpher S .• ShIro 5 .• Dytan 
5., Ind Min-ha T.I New IIIIfI'Ibera of 
~ I<appePli, fleCCHdprofl .. lcolai 
buaineea trnmily. (1125) 

Cltusified advertising is sold in 20-wo,d iItc,emeIllS. The ,ale pe' 20 wo,th is $2 fo, stlllklllS (fo, 
perslRl/llllSe only), $3 fo, faculty aNI sll1/l tmd $4 for othe,s. Paymelll in odwutce is ,eq"i,ed; 
therefore, tIIb mlUt be nwiled with a ched (made payoble to UCsD Guardiu) 0' presellled in ptrltHl. 
Deadlines are 3 p.m. Thursday fo, Monday's issue, and 3 p.1ft. Monday /0' Tbrsday's ;ssw. The 
Guardian reserves the right to reftue any lIIIvertising incillding but not lilniNd to componionship tub. 
For mort in/ormation call 534-5416. Mailing adJrtss: UCSD Guardian. Ann: Cltusifieth, 9500 
Gilman Drive, 0316, La Jolla, C,04 92093-0316. ACllUlllocalion: StlUknt Cellllr A, top floor. 

Joi'I The Ice SkatIng Club II UCSD, 
winIIr qUAltlr inIorma. ng 1It3O-4:3O 
pm. 112 .... RIMAC In III RecruIIon 
Conference Room. (1122·1125) 
JolIn FNncII ...... Art W ...... 
hIIp:l/www • ..".... ..,. .... 
rVlI""''' . .,.. ........... "Ylrgtn 
FIlII". "Skyb"). (1118-211) 
Vendor FIIir: Jan. 22·28. Lo4a of 
merdIancIae at IIudent priceal Men & 
Women'. clothing. ahoeI, jewelry, 
cancIea, poaIIra, and much mor.1 
Sponacnd by s.udInt 0rgarizatI0n • 
Leaderahip Opportunltl .. (SOLO). 

9~5:00 pm. Ubrary WrIr.. For more 
inIo: 534(819) ~1 (11.18-1125) 
CSOaAle Tilling Bluel ThecoC:nu1ity 
III' See ofIIceOI will be changing the 
color of their wifonn ahir1I from yellow 
to blue. A new look, but the 111M great 
service. Cal 534-W(819) AU< lor an 
eecortI (1/18-1125) 

Needed. InbrnaIIon MIIionon 1/171 
96 and 1l231'li6 from 3 to 4 p 00 pm: 
atOceanview l.owIge. ApplIcations 
avllilable atMarlhal AdviaIng. TMCAB 
120. Relum by 1f.ZM8. (1111·1129) 

1 \11' 1 ( )\ \/1 \ I 
CIuba or incIvicIIM can eam FAST, 
EASY SS$I Call 800·880-1100, 
P1n1717838. (1125-211) • 
$1750 weekly poaIbIe nIIIIng our 
circulara. No experience required. 
Begin now. For into. call 301·308-
(121). (1f25.9t125) 
Telemarketing. Part-time permanent 
ofty. Gleatatudenthol.n. Xlrlincome. 
Set seminar appIa. No sa. WIll 
train. Jan. Ihru Nov. (2-3 wIcIm.o, 35 
.hrllwk,. $7/.hr.). Nice office near 
campus, clear English, reliable car. 
Cal Dana, 5(819) 87-()101. (1.25-11 
29) 

WarIII'Iach illaaldng lar p.apIa 
wha han .1IIind II InDL 

IliWorldTeach 
" Call1-(800)4-TEA,CH-O 

lJPt University of &In Die8° • Experienced Faculty 
• Lecture Courses 
.e In.Class Practice Exams 
• You Score in Top 25,. or 

Take Next Coune Free 
.... Prepantioa eou .... 
Serra HaD 316, AkaIa ....., 
SaD DIeao. CA 

FIRE YOUR BOSS: Home boNd 
bueIneaa, h9I Income potriaI, no 
elCplli.llce neceeury. Cal 230-910 
(819) 4. (1122·1125) 
ChIIdcara for 9 a-nd 12 yr. 01-. Tuea. 
and TlvI. 4:30-8:30. Add pmitionaI 
hours avail. $5.5OttIr. SalIna BeactI, 
(819) 481·2281. (1122·1f25) 
For quality children's products. 
Excelentphone IkiIIa, poaiIive aMude, 
own tranlportelon. Ha .. le·free 
environment. Exp. prwferred but wi 
train. Full time daYI. 57.50Jhr. 
guar.nteed. Call Barbara, 695· 
8909.(819) (1122·1125~ 
Part-time help needed. Make between 
$2OO-$4OOImo. interested? Cal Shani 
at 457-4299, leave message. (1122·21 
8) 
Drivers/clerks· general help. 

HAWAII 
5 DAYS fIlOM 14" 
• DAn fIlOM 5" 

CUO 
5 DAn fIlOM $4" 
• DAn fIlOM $619 

'D~I\t9 
PAaIIGlS NUa 
~ ... _ SIiH liiio 
Hca _CII_IDOII 1w«:._lIao __ a_ 

CIIIlCl .. .,g ........ 

452·0630 

VIIenIIne'. Day, WecNaday, Feb. 14, 
1988 822-9999. 8750 GeneIee 
Avenue. Apply In perIOfI. (1/18-1129) 
DelHeIper·P .. trne. Monday-fridly. 
Noexperlenc.nec. 587·1207 or leave 
a meaaage 0883-8748. (1/18-1129) 
4 Progremmer.: ExpeIiela in CIC++. 
VB, Windowa Programming team 
oriented. Assembly language 
prefend. 1~ hraIweek O,'M1r. 
Send reaumeto DevidMulg Fax:622· 
0359 Phone:597-7527 «*n8ungOac1-
Inc.com AuIomaIicConIroI T ed'li'lOlogy. 
(11J30..1125) 
2 Junior programmers: Experience in 
VB or C. Team oriented. Windows 
Prograrrming experience preferred. 
15-40 hralw.ek 0$7-9Ihr. Send 
resume to David Maung Fax: 622-
0359 Phone:597-7527 dmaungOact· 
inc. com Automatic Control 
T~. (11J30..1125) 

Teach English in Eastem Europe-
Conversational English teachers 
needed in Prague, Budapest. or 
Krakow. No teaching certificate or 
European languages required. 
Inexpensive Room & Board + other 
benifits. For info, call (206)971-3680 
ext. K59761 . (1/16-2115) 
Fresh Blend Smoothie & Juice Bar 
needs energetic individuals to make 
smoothies end juices: Incentive 
programs & mgmt. ,training offered. 
Applications avail. 08895 Towne 
centre Dr. 'l00A. W~Sunday. (11 
16-1125) -
Fast fundraiser· Raise $500 in 5 days· 
Greeks, groups, clubs, motivated 
indviduals. Fast, easy· no financial 
obligation. (800)862-1982 EXT. 33 (11 
16-5116) 
Sales Aasociate- High growth Internet 
apartment guide seeks motivated, 
independent college grads for full-time 
sales poaition. Internet experience & 

..... .... ~ 

/ . ) 

( .~~~.: .. ,,'j~ 
/ ' , f~) "~~~ 

-t ' ' "" . , '\ . ~. , 
I • \../ "-

.... ..~ : :::'\ y , t " .... 
-' . , l' ~ I .,.' . '1 ~" '~ ~ ...,... '~ \0 ~l · . , 
..... . \-r /.~.~ : : · ~, .~ ",.' ~ ,. , i ~ 

", > ....,-~ . / :, ' 

' ... ~._ .' "'1;', ,.,... • r;.::: 
./ ' 

.... ' J" .. d' t' I 
, ~ 

'.''., I Costa o/ertfe tj)entz$~ 
COIMI1IC & MMILY DIN1ISm • OIAL SUICHIY 

We're,ppen eveninp and weekends! • .uk about our apecial 
atu .... t pri..t • Prompt and gentle care in a beautiful 

private office! • .............. wi .... bnc:es! 
Special introductory offar..-.$l50 teeth whitening (per arch) 

Z4 Hour Emerpac:y AYail .... ! • Plenty of &ee parking! 

CallUlfora appoi,ItII .. , 622.1007 
"92110 1650 0.0 •••• M., .. 312 

We nat insurara plans and .... map cr.dit cards t ••• 
NEW PATIENT 

)'PECIAL' 
---------------

lXAM,a .... ".5°0 I ~~1!.~· : --~------------~ 

"J'hundIy. J..-y 15. 1996 

1Ino1Nl.ltgeqf"" hauaingiDlRy a 
pll.. Salary' ............. very 
aIIw:tw. MUll be wIIng to avel. 
viall UI at htIp:Jlwww.rart..nel Fax 
NUN to (415)874-9180. (1118-1125) 
WANTED: ELEANOR AOOIEYEL T 
COLLEGE RESIDENT ADVISORS 
FOR 1996-97. See Career Services 
tor referral. AppIicaIco II clIe 2IIW8 by 
4:30pm (118-211) 

Artcut.-,~"'....-t 
to help raIee money lor UCSO. $MY. 
pluabonul. eont.ctUCSOT..",. 
Outreach ProgrMI. 535-1433. (118-21 
27) 

BACK TO SCHOOl JOBSI HIRING 
NOW! 5-10 part time jobI earrWIg $10 
hr to $3OMNek. Joba filed on a first 
come,lrat aerve baaia. 619-793-4473. 
(118-1125). 
Eam cuh stuffing envelopes at home. 
Send SASE to PO Box n4, Olathe, KS 
88051 (118-1125). 
CRUISE SHIPS NOW HIRING • EARN 
UP TO S2,OOO+Imonth working on 
Cruise SHips or Land T our companies. 
WOOd travel. Seasonal and full-time 
employment available. No experience 
neceasary. For more information call 
1-206-971-3550 ext C59762. (118-21 
15). 
TRAVEL ABROARD AND WORK • 
Make up to $25-45/hr. teaching basic 
conversational English in Japan, 
Taiwan or S. Korea. No teaching 
background or Asian languages 
required. For information call 1-206-
971-3550 ext. C59762. (118-2115). 
NATIONAL PARKS HIRING· Positions 
are now available at National Parks, 
Forests and Wildlife Preserves. 
Excellent benefits and bonuses. 1-
206-971-3550 ext. C59762. (118-21 
15). 

lIot SI,\(; 
Room in fun, friendly household, close 
to school, Genesee Highlands. $325. 
Female only. Available 211. 455-5519 
(1125) 
Live with cool tibertarian crew rower in 
Mira Mesa. $2851mo., single, mature, 
responsible student for quiet place 10 
min. from campus. Calt Peter, 695-
3879 or Chris, 549-3530. (1125-211) 
Killer House Clairemont. Must see. 
Room/share bath, $350 or master bed! 
bath, $430. More info, 27()'3488. (1/ 
25-1129) 
Roommate neededl Female, 
responsible, friencIy roommate needed 
to share large 4 bedroom house with 
three female UCSO students. Own 
maater bedroom and bathroom, only 
$395 per month plus utilities. Ptease 
cal702-3150. Availableimmedlatelylll 
(1125-1129) . 

The UCSD Guardian CLASSIFIEDS 13 ~,January25, 1996 
..... ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------~~------------------~. 
AoomnaII WMledto ahare 2 br., 2 be. 
condo. ~ 10nin..toUCSO. 
Del ........ Available 1nmecIattIy. 
$400 + 1f2 uIIIa. Depoait $200 + IaIt 
monII'llent. Cal 481-8187. (1125) 
Want.d non.moklng MIF, neat! 
COIIllideraIie a must. Large room wi 
bath. in 2 nn. townhouae. 1112 mIeI 
from~. Luldryanclmanyohr 
beneIIIs, tennis, pool, etc. $450 + 112 
utilities. JaM, 568-5788 or 452-6600 
(uk for labl) (1125-1129) 
Roommate needed: maIeIIemaIe, own 
room in Del Mar house. Ocean view, 
pool, wuhldryer. $365/monf1 + 1n 
utilities. 794-7037 (1125-1129) 
NonsnW. female roommate 2-bdrJ1-
be. house downtown SO. $3251mo. + 
112 utiI. 5100deposit. Avail. now. Call 
595-3264. (1122-215) 
large master bedroom and bath., near 
campus, one to three neat 
nonsmoker(s). Fully furnished. garage, 
WID. $650, including utilities. 455-
1949 (1/22-1125) 
Live one mile from campus! Easy 
going student wanted. Own room. 
covered parking, laundry, close to 
grocIIY. $340 a month + 1/4 utilities. 
Avail . February 1. Call 450-2971 . (11 
22-2112) 
Wanted: Responsible individual to rent 
furnished master bedroom + bath at 
Pines of La Jolla. $4OOImonth. water 
included. Contact Chris Baine 0456-
9041. (1/18-1129) 
MIF wanted. Single roomIown bath, 
Summerset VHlage apt. in Mira Mesa, 
10 min. from UCSD, 2 min. from 
shopping center, safe environment, 
pool, spa. No srnokin!tdrugs. $2951 
month + 113 utilities and $150 deposit. 
CaJl689-8656. Ava~eble February 96. 
(1118-1129) ' 
La Jolla Colony House· master bdrm. 
for rent. 1 or 2 people can share. Own 
bath., walk·in closet. Pool, deck, 
washer/dIYer. Quiet area. Available 
now. Clean, non-smoking males 
preferred. Call 458.()687. (1/18-1125) 
Del Mar, own large room for rent. $315 
+ utilities, across street from beach. 5-
8 min. from UeSD. 792-2758 (1/18-11 
25) 
Del Marbeact1 front home needs female 
roommate to share. Private outside 
double,bathincluded. $135 per month. 
Call 25!Hl148. (1116-1125) 
Solana Beach: Responsible, neat, 
mature MIF roommate needed- share 
2 bedroom, 1 bath house with similar 
professional . Great neighborhood, 
block to beach/bus. 10 minutes to 
UCSD. $4501mo. utilities, wId included. 
No petslsmoking. DepoSit/references 
required. Keith : 794-0320. (1116-1125) 

Domino's 
Pizza low 
Accepting 

Applications 
POSITIONS AVAlLA8lE: 

1Idft ...... .. 
CIIt ••• r .... C. B .... 

DlHtran Drlwen 

Buyll DecU:t loin InenaII BuId your 
equlrf 1nIINd00yaur ...... WrIr. 
to UC8O-1 br. candoI fIan" 08,000, 
2br.condoaflom"'7,500. FrIg, WID, 
garage, pool. MarIetta Powera, GAl, 
BIoker. 459-8944. SeMng San DIego 
since 1974. (1118-1125) 
OWN YOUR OWN HOME·SAVE 
RENT DOlLARS. SpecIa SavIngs 
ucso ataI & students. WrIr. UCSO, 
1,2,3 br. condoI, $120,000+. Houses 
$195,000+. La Jolla, Univ. City, 
CIairMIont, MlraMela, & surrounding. 
Area Realtor 13 yeara experience. 
JucIIh HIIddox, R8I\o4ax AIIoc. 274-
44n. (118-218). 
La Jolla Cottagelatudio. $6501mo. 
Ocean View. Private. New utilities 
Included. Quiet, non-emoker. (619) 
459-1892. (118-1129). 

I () I{ S \ I I 
Snowboard: Lamar Ranquet with or 
without bindings. Used 3 times. $280 
080. Snowboard pants, sao OBO. 
Must see. 453-7532 (1/25) 
MTX Truck Boxes- 3 way with 10· 
woofers, up to 300 watts max. $225 
new. asking $15010ffer. 627-8601 (1 / 
25-1129) 
MAC II Ix 8 MB RAMI80 MB Hard 
Drive, loaded w/sottware, $700/offer, 
includes mouse, keyboard, color 
monitor. 627-8601 (1125-1129) 
Honda Prelude 81 for sale. Sun roof, 
stereo, good transportation, $950.00. 
CaJl457-3874. (1125-1129) 
1985 BMW-318i, perfect condition! 
interior at 160,OOOmiles. ACandpower 
everything with cruise. Must selll 
$47001080,943-0410. (1125) 
386,40 MHz. 50 MB HO, 500 MB HDI 
Notlnstalled,4 MB RAM, 1Umodem, 
color monitor & dot matrix printer 
included. $275. Derek, 7~9. (11 
22-1125) 
386 pc, 81 MB HD, 2 MB RAM. Lots of 
software plus Panasonic printer. $450. 
587-1938 or 462·1650. (1122-211) 

\\ \'\ ITI> 
UCSO Medical Center at HiRcrest needs 
healthy volunteers, ages 18 to 55, for a 
2-3 hour "Eyeblink Study". $5/hour 
plus paoong. Call Pattie at 543-2314. 
(1125) 
Artist Wanted: Students, Stella Bella 
Coffee house wants your art displayed 

onour ..... Fori iIormaIIIIf .. CIII KMn 
O~. (1122-211) 
FREE NINIdI atudy aVlllable for 
m9ai.... SuItable voIIneera. 18 or 
oIdef, benellflom mecIcII evaIudonI 
lOdc.reby aboanklertiIedphylician. 
Trav.1 payment. Call ~54-0100. 

~ ReIeaft:h 1naIiUI. (1122-21 
15) 
KOREAN AMERICAN lI1dergreduate 
students are needed in a raaearch 
study regarding the experience of 
being Korean in the l)ited Stat ... 
The study Involv.s completion of 
several queationnIirea, which requires 
30 to 45 minutes of your time. 
Participants must be between 18 and 
25 and have at le .. t one Korean 
parent. Participation in this study will 
be kept anonymous. For more 
information, please contact Junghee 
Park·Adams at 660·9546 or 534-5981 
(campus). (1116-1125) 
SUBJECTS PAID for a study on 
aIcohoI'seffects. HyouareaJapanese, 
Chinese, or Korean, American-bom 
male, call VA Medical Center for more 
information, 552-8585 X2182. (1116-3/ 
14) 
WANTED: ELEANOR ROOSEVELT 
COLLEGE RESIDENT ADVISORS 
FOR 1996-97. See Career Services 

. for referral. Applications due 219196 by 
4:30pm (1IB-211) 

sl .ln 1('1' S 
Psychotherapy: Individual and couples 
therapy, in a supportive and caring 
environment, to .heIp you deal with 
personal, family, and achooI preaaures, 
relationship issues, .depreasIon, loss, 
anxiety, pregnancy, self'elteem, 
motivation, career issues, and others. 
Laurie KoIt, Ph.D., Psychoio!pt. La 
Jolla. 452·7600 (1125) 
Break into movies, TV, commercial.s. 
Extra photos, $30, headshot, 565, 
casting photos. (619)523-2344 (1122-
1125) 
Word processing on the Mac. Quality 
guaranteed. Price negotiable. Years 
01 experience. All types of jobs 
accepted. Susanne, 436-8209. (1/18, 
1/29) 
Travel·Best fares,Wor1d-Wide. Call 
now·save$$$. Mon.·Fri.5:30-9:3Opm, 
Sat. 9:00-noon. 546-7831 (1118-5111) 
Attentive, caring childcare available 
from female UCSD student with 
excellent references and car. Ask fOf 
KeHy at 678-8553. (1/16-211) 

Come Here for Beer! II PETE'S W[CKE~~~~ $ 4 ~~"' 
SIERRA NEVADA 

RED NECTAR 
Red Hook each 

and more ... 
• Beat selection of wine and specl.1ty Ilqueul'l 
• Over 300 beel'l, specializing In mlcro-brewerle. 
• Gourmet pastries, cheese, chocolate, & dell items 
• Unique gifts, wrap, and Incredible greeting cards 

Spirits of Saint Germain 
3251 HoIlda, Cowt 1-......... ToIIIo, 

(619) 45~1414 
. , 

ModelaiActort: Zed, compo.itt, 
heIIdIhoIrapcoductIon, atriIg at $401 
100 carda. Specializing In digital 
retouching and color print. 
SpeectfZedl, (818)58O-SPEEO (1/18-
1128) 
EPISCOPAL STUDENT 
ASSOCIATION Euchariat MKY Wed. 
5-5:3Opm In lie international Center. 
Free dlmer/di.cuaaion foIowIng fie 
aeMce. Info cal (619) 534-2537. 
MatI Tutoringin yourhome. Getcourae 
asaIatance while developing math 
fundamentals. Mention this ad for 
UCSO student ciacooot. (619) 583-
4428. (10126-2129) 
ATTENTIONALLSTUOENTSI Grants 
& SchoIarsbips avaifablel Billions of 
$$$ in private funding . Qualify 
immediately. 1-800·AID-2-HELP (1 -
800-243-2435) . (1 /8-414). 
FREE FINANCIAL AIDI Over $6 billion 
in public and private sector grants & 
scholarships is now available. All 
students are eligible regardless of 
grades. income, or patenfs income. 
Call 1-800-263-6495 ext F59762. 

Scholarship Locaters· We w~1 locate 
sources of free money for you. 
information. 689-1608 (11116-2112) 

MUIR 

Gtwa andlChalarahlpa .. 1YIIabIe. 
__ 01 daIIara In .... au.y 
1mrnecIatIIy. 1~43-2435 (1-8OC). 
AlD-2-HE1..P). (10r'2e-2/15) 
Word Proces.lng .anutcrlpt •• 
dl ... rtatlone, boob. bu.I,. .... 
appllc.tlonl. r •• umel, editing. 
Accurate, flat, collldtlll ... Mary Am, 
(819) 452-9439. (10f26...4125) 

Lost: Green hooded "Tlgger" jaclcet wi 
pylining. REWARD IF FOUND. 
Please call Kristin 0878-Q358. 

REWARD: Lost Sony CD player c.- -
stero face plate misaing since 1/12, 
N.Parking. Pte ... call Karen, 274-
7060. (1122-1125) 

PI-: RSO '\ \ I.S 
Thank you for a greatparly Alpha Kappa 
Psi Nu pledge class!! (1f25) 
Happy Birthday Natalie Wong'" (1125) 
Go Go Gadget Super Duper Shoe 
Rocketsl (1/25) 
RENEE, could I ~ase get my bike and 
mirTorfromyou? Whefeareyou? Please 
call Karen, 274-7060. ., -

SENIORS! 
Are you ready? 

GRADUATION 
SPEAKER 

AUDITIONS 
Friday, January 26, 1996 

Call Shannon in the 
Muir Dean IS Office 
for audition times 

534·3587 

275-1132 
1 Dc,1 .111 Rrp trtH';-o OFF ... ,,,,,, . ..... --......... 



.. . 

f', . 

.u 

HlArus 14 

CourIHy 01 Mic:lllel WOIIO 
Crooked ....... : Pavement played 14 songs during its performance at SOSU's 
Backdoor on Friday. 

Pavement's Slack Attitude 
/ndie rock band turns in lackluster set 

., Brent Johnson previous day had something to do entire show moving within a two-
Senior Staff Writer with the Iacklusterperformance. More foot radius with a gimpy half·smile 

Pavemenl hasalways been known likely, considering the band's pro- plastered to his face. Lead vocalist 
as the slacker band which pensity for destroying rock Steve Malkmus burned with the in-
could. It couJJ have spent 'n' roll norms, Pavement tensity of a rock legend long dead. 
hundreds of thousands~ of simply didn't want to give Drummer Steve West was a liuJe 
dollars recording and pIO- the traditional, adrenaline- more exciting, in pan because his 
moling its latest release, invoking show. The group head was painted in some sort of 
Wowt't' Zowt'e, bul opred ignored calls from the tribute to Alice Cooper. The other 
for the budget· route in- crowd to play its more percussioniSl, Bob Nastanovich, also 
stead. It dould be as big as popular songs, such as showed some life while jumping 
Pearl Jam or Smashing "Summer Babe" and "Cut about and screaming sporadically, a 
Pumpkins, but it would Your Hair." It also slowed 10 Beastie Boys. 
rather become part of the long list of down the faster rhythms of "Conduit Pavement played a l4-song SCI 
forgoaen groups. And it could have for Sale" and ''Two Stales" to defuse and a three-song encore, which might 
put on an excellent show last Friday a mosh pit which threatened to break hav~been a decent show had the 
night at San DiegoSlale's Backdoor, the sedate atmosphere. average song been longer than three 
but came out with about as much The band simply played nat. Half minutes. As it turned out, the entire 
energy as George Bums on his 1000h of the time, guitarist Spiral Stairs even! clocked in at a little over an 
birthday. appeared lostinthesrage lights; while hour. In Malkmus' words, the show 

Perhaps arriving from Japan the Mark lbold, the bassist, spent the was about "a dollar a song." 

•. one In eve" f ••• ,. 
__ tllIlIllAlUNlIII A ftlllUNU11lI tllHAIfJ ..... 

11I11III al. ORIU II un lIlT .11_ , DIE -' 111111' BUll 
.. mID .. lAm UA •• llm IIllUIUII-:fIlllU -.mlllAfU 

&;;: !!,;; -.-r 'I ••• A.' I "~HIft.(I :':1IA 
• 

Thursday, J.....ry n, 1996 
. 

nrecord 
--"eYleWS _____ _ 

BeD Harper 
Fight For Your Mind 

A mixlureofBob Marley and Cat 
Stevens, Ben Harper' s second album 
combines the percussion and politics 
of reggae with soothing 
folk guitar-work. 

While Fight Fo, Your 
Mind never gets loud 
enough to be considered 
rock, Harper seems com-
fonable with the up-tempo 
percussion demonstraled 
in the lively "Bum Down" 
as well as the distoned 
guitar on ''Ground on Down." At 
these moments Harper seems con-
tent in his niche. 

Like Marley, many of Harper's 
lyrics are laden with religious or p0-
litical messages. Exploring public 
apathy on "Excuse Me Mr.," he sings: 

"Can't you see the children dying! 
You say that youcan't help theml Mr. 
you're not even trying." 

Harper also dedicates a 
good portion of his cr0on-
ing to lost love. The best of 
these ballads is the sparse, 
"Another Lonely Day." 

Fight Fo, Your Mind is 
at its best when Harper un-
leashes his solid guitar 
work, letting it run loose 
with Juan Nelson's heavy 

basslines and Oliver Charles' out-
standing drums. (Virgin Records) 

Harper will perform a free show 
tomorrow at6 p.m. at Porter's Pub. 
He also plays at the Casbah on Mon-
day. 

Son Volt 
Trace 

Son Voll'S debut album, Trace, an allusion to two legendary record 
is a rarely seen blend of country, labels - after the split with 10ng-
blues and rock 'n' roll. It's not hard time partner Jeff Tweedy (now a 
to see why country and western music memberofWilco). Both farrar and 
gets little respect from the majority Tweedy were members of Uncle 
oftoday's urban and suburban youth. Tupelo, a band whose demise left 
I am not going to defend it - these fans bewildered. 
days Nashville produces nothing but Farrar, however, has matured 
cheese. Trace illuslrales that not all into a true American poet. He draws 
country music is bad. his images, rhythms and melodies. 

Trace contains elements that straight from America's soul. 
first brought the music of poor Farrar's meditations on life, love 
whites and blacks together to cre- and loss -the hurt and experience 
ate the biggest and farthest-reach- of his voice heard on every song on 
ing music revolution in history. this album - are best put as beau· 
Singer-guitaristJay farrar founded tiful. (Warner Bros. Records) 
Son Volt -whose name is in fact - Corey B. Niles 

Econol11 

_ ...... _Md 

-lMgo-~ 
....,CII'IIr .... $ 
.... OO ...... Up 39 III 2.00 qt 
WIllI ...... 

COLORED LENsES 
IInMn .,.. .. -. .169 
......... 1II8f '" 

.. - ........ ....... 

. __ .c:.. ............ ..... 

....... ~ 

. ...,....., ... ..... 

. .."... ....... ~ ....... 

...... -

011.,. •• p . 312211e 

Ik. "."". eo •• , II.D. a-t., .• 6111 fellClD 
4150 REGENTS PARI ROWSn:.I60 
u JtIII ... -."", .... ,....,. 

o 

G Classifieds then how do you intend 
sell those mint condition Windows 1.0 books 
that are collecting dust in the comer? 

" , 
'J'hursday, January 25, 1996 The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 15 

UPSETS: 
History had its share 

played to lhe Lions' weaknesses 
and allowed him to evade them 
for a whole day, after which he 
was released. Perhaps overcon-
fidence played a part, as three 
days prior to Daniel's arrival, 
one of Ihe lions was overheard to 
predicl victory. 

UCSD CLUB SPORTS ROUND-UP 
ContInued from ..... 18 
imported a flashy spear carrier 
named Oeionysius Sanderus, 
who helped tum the tide in Ihe 
following season's war.' 

Dnid n. Goliath - Dave, a 
lowly shepherd, defeated his 
much larger opponent. Golialh 
the Philistine, in a rock fight al 
the Israeliledome. Dave wenl on 
to a career in Ihe military, but 
Goliath did not die as the fable 
states. He later turned up as a 
temple greeter in Babylon. 

Babe the Pla'. Triumph -
"Babe," the quaint Australian film 
about a talking pig, oinked off 
with the Golden Globe award for 
best comedy/musical, beating out 
the enlries of human stars Michael 
Douglas and John Travolta. 

Rugby 

As far as sports go, rugby is 
consideredoneoftheloughest,eam-

ing respect from athletes 
who understand the 

meaning of pain. 
The UCSD 

rugby team deall its 
share of pain last Saturday, defeat-
ing Cal State San Bernardino by a 
score of 26- 13. 

Coming off an impressive 36-8 
victory over UCLA, the proud 
ruggers rallied from an early 10-0 
deficit to score 26 straight points, en 

Daalel •• , The Lio .. - Dur-
ing the Babylonian conquest of 
the lsraeliles, Ihe prophet Daniel 
was tossed solo into a den of 
lions for the transgression of a 
pre-gam,e prayer. 

Whi Ie this is not truly a sports-
upset SIOry, Babe the pig turned 
to a career in foolball after com-
pleting the film in late 1994. He 
will, in fact, be panicipating in 
Sunday's Super Bowl. 

Sports history is scattered with 
precedents for a big upset in 
Sunday's game. U's just doubtful 
that Dallas will cooperate. Predic-
tion: Cowboys 33, Steelers 23. 

route 10 their second straighl win. DoOHe: UCSO's Troy Meyer (top) and Ryan Kent (right) battle: 
Dan "The Man" Brisslah scored 

An angel helped Dan by for-
mulating a game-plan which 

~ 
,U I 

.. ' 

Do the Days Between 
Paychecks Feel Like an 
Eternity? 

These cool deals may help you 
save a few bucks. 

Traveler'S Depot Council Travel 
.cOUNT T1IAVIL PACU_._. 1'. 11 ..... auK DllCOUfftI._ ,. U 
Robert's Auto Mountain High 
"" .. ALL ....... _ ••• _ .... 1', 11 1/Z OfF LIFT nears _ .......... ,. 7 
Spirit of Saint Germain We Care Hair 
..... ,..... WICUD ALE ••••• IJ- 11 .... HAaCVJ ............... _ .. -.,. 7 
Dr. Gordon ~ ASUCSO 
.... su_ " .......... _ ... _ ... IJ- U .... COMCat ... -_ .... _ •.• _._.,. 10 
Economeyes Classical Eye 
tat 1Yl1XAII_ .......... _ ......... 1J- JA ",IX ..... WIAIt .. _ •• _ •••• 1' •• 

two tries for the second week in a 
row to lead the offense. Starting 
rookies Andy Wilga and Sean ''The 
Giggler" Moncrif also turned in 

strong perConnances. 
"We've got a good team right 

now, but we're capable of playing a 
lot beuer," senior Paul Walker said. 

"And when we do start to play bet-
ter. the competition beller run for 
the hills." 

- Sean Rahlml 

I.TlR.O .. n .... 
o 

® 

W HER E DO YOU WAN T TOG 0 TO DAY?'" 

Why not check out what's happening at Microsoft? 

Full-time and Summer Technical Interviews 
Thursday, February 15 and Friday, February 16, 1996 
See Career Services for job descriptions and details 
Tum in resumes to Career Services by January 29-31, 1996 



16 SPORTS 
, 1 

'MI CASA 
MIKE MARTINEZ 

OhMy, Those 
Big Upsets 

The Super Bowl is this 
Sunday in Phoenix. And, 
naturally, the NFC's Dallas 
Cowboys are a two-touch-
down favorite over the AFC's 
Pittsburgh Steelers. At least 
the AFC is gradually gaining 
ground. Last year, the 4gers 
were a 20-point pick over the 
Char!!!!s. (I think General 
Custer had better odds at 
Little Big Hom, but then 
again, he was only playing 
the Redskins.) 

The Steelers entered the 
show on a dubious note, ari 
AF.C championship. In recent 
years, this title has had about 
as much clout as a USFL 
rushing title or a Golden Globe 

. ," 
newcomer award (more on the 
Globes later). A Steeler win 
would be a substantial upset 
and could flip the NFL back 
into a proper orbit, but this 
isn't the year. 

Picking Dallas in the 
S'!J'Cr Bowl is a no-brainer. 
It's ~ke rooting for Godzilla 
against the Tokyo City Hall. 

Sure, the Steelers and last 
year's Chargers could hang 
with the likes of Green Bay 
and Detroit, but the Cowboys 
and 4gers of the last five 
years are out of the AFC's 

',~ . 
league. Look at some of the 
players on these teams: Rice, 
Young, Haley, Aikman, 
Smith and Irvin, to name a 
few. These two squads alone 
could nearly fill the NFL's 
all-decade roster. 

No wonder it's such a kick 
to see some upstart with 
gumption bump off these 
potentates, like Green Bay 
did to the 'Niners a few 
weeks back. Then! have been 
a handful of such shocking 
sports upsets over the years. 
The classics are fairly 

..... obvious: 
Joe Namath predicting 

victory over the mighty Colis. 
The U.S. Olympic hockey 
team's victory over Russia in 
1980. The first Spinks vs. Ali 
fight. And how about that big 
01' fish what's-his-name 
caught off La Paz, Mexico 

'::1' using a Chic/ets wrapper in 
1966. 

But there have also been 
several other less heralded 
upsets and surprises in the 
history of sports, and now it's 
time to give them their due. 

11ae Trojan Horse 
Shocker - In the classic 
myth, Coach Odysseus of the 
Greeks surprised their arch-
rival Trojans by hiding his 
team in a giant wooden horse 
and carting it right through the 
gates of Troy, saying it was an 
icon from the goddess Athena. 

Later that night, the 
Greeks snuck out to let their. 
buddies in through the gates, 
and the next day they overran 
the Trojans. A lesser known 
fact about this legend is how 
Trojan tycoon Laocoon later 

See UNITS, Page 15 

The UCSD Guardian .. Thursday, January 25, 1996 

PORTS 

UIND's freshmen corps is evideooo of a good LWhing philosopby 
e t's popular in business to make 

analogies to team sports to 
encourage cooperation. But 
how would you go about de-
scribing the fonnula for a suc-
cessful tearn sport? Accord-
ing to UCSD Head Swim-
ming Coach Doug Boyd, the 
fonnula simply depends on 
livinl' up to the name "team." 

"If you have a bunch of 
individuals who don't get along, you 
can't allow them to have fun," Boyd 
said. "I firmly believe that [having as 
much fun as possible] is going to con-
tribute a lot more to our success [as a 
team]lhan a lot of the training we do." 

This year's freshmen on the 
women's swimming team are perfect 
examples of Boyd , s ideology. Six new 
faces joined the UCSD squad this sea-
son. And considering the length of the 
swimming season, which begins in 
Fall Quarterand isn't over until NCAAs 
conclude in March, it's no wonder that 
the six have already fonned the kind of 
bond their coach hopes will make the 
team a winner. In fact, that bond began 
to grow long before the group jwnped 
into the water together. 

"At the end of the recruiting trip [in 
February], we all said, 'well, we're 
going to go [to UCSD], we'll see you 
in the fall, ... Linda Monroe explained. 

And that's exactly what happened 
when Monroe and five others returned 
in the fall. Five of the six hail from the 

Bay Area: Sprinter Jenny Irwin (Menlo 
Atherton), multi-purpose talent Kelly 
"Pokie" Byrne (Montgomery), 
backstroker Kristi Jordan (North Gate), 
breaststroker Sarah Chu (Monte Vista) 
and Monroe (Alameda). len ConneUan, 
joined the group from Santa Margarita 
High in Orange County. Once as-
sembled, the six quickly discovered 
the difference between high school 
and college athletics. 

"High school [swimming] was kind 
oflaid back, and it was fun," Connellan 
said. ''This is a lot more fun, though." 

"Here, it's harder and a lot more 
challenging," Irwin agreed. "But it's 
more fun and you get more out of il." 

"I think the big difference [between 
each level] is that college is much 
more team-based," Byrne explained. 
''The swim team has made UCSD a lot 
more fun. We're all really close." 

The word "bond" was one which 
easily rolled off the tongues of all six 

fre~hrnen, as they spoke of their friend-
ships not only with one another but 
with the entire team. Calling the squad 
a "family" is certainly not far-fetched. 

"Yeah [we're a family], especially 
the freshmen. We all do fun stuff t(}-
gether, and we're really close," Jordan 
said. "The team as a whole is pretty 
much a unit." 

That unit can credit its cohesive-
ness to Boyd's philosophy of recruit-
ing based on an athlete's attitude. 

"I recruit a lot on personaJity," Boyd 

Story by III Kraft 

explained. "I won't help somebody 
get into school, even if they're fast, if 
they're not going to fit into the team." 

And these six certainly fil. Their 
combined talents have helped make 
the Tritons contenders for the national 
title. But do the freshmen feel any 
pressure? That depends who you ask. 

"[NCMs] will be scary,"Chu said, 
"because every race is going to count, 
and you're swimming forthetearn, not 
just yourself." 

On the other side of the coin, the 
reserved Byrne, who makes more of 
an impression in the pool than her 
quiet derneanorwould suggest, showed 
no signs of nerves or apprehension. 

"I'm just excited," she said. 
"We have a chance to go to Divi-

sion m Nationals, which is a really big 
deal," Jordan said. "[If I had gone 
Division I), my biggest meet would 
have been conference because national 
cuts are even higher than senior cuts." 

Mind you, winning is II()( the sole 

Feb IIx: (From left 
to right) Kristi 
Jordan, Kelly Byrne, 
Jen Connellan, 
Jenny Irwin, Linda 
Monroe and Sarah 
Chu enjoy hanalng 
out together in the 
pool and out. 

focus of this team. 
"You're not important here only 

because you swim fast and win,you're 
important here if you work hard and 
you're part of the team," Boyd said. "If 
we do what we' re supposed to, in our 
little mellow atmosphere, we will win. 
But that's not important; we won't be 
able to help it. Eventually the team will 
just be so strong. it will win." 

And Boyd practices what he 
preaches. 

"Doug does a really good job of 
keeping the pressure ofT us," Irwin 
said. "He just says, 'Swim your fa~test 
and I'll be happy .... 

He's not the only one who' s happy. 
"Coming to practice is kind of like 

coming to hang out with friends," Irwin 
said. "We depend on each other every 
single day." 

And after four years ... 
"Our friendship will probably be 

even stronger. We've totally bonded 
already," Connellan said. 


