
.:t-..1=l','j:I:t:l 
UnIversIty Spends 
$400 on Pumpkin 
MISSO LA, Mon!. -
University of Montana 
officials were amused - and 
exasperated - last Wedn ~­
day. afler di 'covering -;ome-
one had scaled the uOlver IIY 's 
Main Hall clock to",er and lefl 
a pumpkin on the very LOp. 
University police su~pe ·t an 
e pen cli mber placed the 
pumpkin, and douht the cu lprit 
will ever be found. Th 
uOlver IIY 's Facllille~ ervlces 
depanmenl con Ideretl hiring 
another climber to retrieve the 
pumpkin, and enterlained a 
hunter' offer to shoO! the 
gourd down, but ultimately 
decided it would be safest to 
hire a crane - at $110 per 
hour - to retrieve i!. 

- The Kaimin 

'81m Stllte Skater 
Fasts In Protest 
UNIVERSITY PARK, Penn. 
- Pennsylvania State 
University sophomore Michael 
Kalada began fasting last week 
to protesl university rules Ihat 

prohi~it skaleboarding on 
campus. Kalada said univer-
sity police stopped him 
belween six and eighllimes 
for skateboarding to class 
before he decided 10 fasl. He 
says he will continue to do so 
unlil either he dies or Ihe 
universily changes ils rules. 
Penn Siale prohibilS kale-
boarding everywhere on 
campus 10 avoid equipmenl 
damage and lawsuils from 
injuries. 

- The Daily Collegian 

Student Injured In 
Chetnlcal ExplosIon 
CHAPEL HILL, N.C. -
Universily of North Carolina 
docloral siudent Charlolle 
farroll received glass 
lacerations and acid burns a:-. a 
resull of an explo ion last 
Wedne day morning. Accord-
ing 10 chemislry department 
chair Edward Simulskl, 
Carroll was using nitric acid to 
ox idi ze a residual se lenium 
residue for di ·posaJ. The 
oxidation wa probably 
incomplele when Carroll 
poured the solution inio a 
waste bOil Ie, leading to the 
explosion. Univer ity offic lab 
evacualed tudents and staff 
from the Kenan Laborat()fle~ 
for 45 minules follOWing the 
explosion. 

- The Daily Tar Heel 

VOTE 
OPINION: The Guardian 
editorial board offers its 
endorsements • 

aPCIIITa: Women's 
soccer looks to repeat as 
national champions 11 

, H 

UC SAN DIEGO MONDAY. NOVEMBER 4,1996 VOLUME 87. ISSU It1. 

I TA Strike Details Remain A Mystery 
UNION: Member a four-da walkout in November h 
approve strike term by 
six-to-one ratio 

a six-to-one margin. Members also 
approved escalating protest trate-
gies throughout the year. 

"We want to give as much notice 
as possihle when we know. lin order 
tol give tudents and faculty achance 
to prepare." he aid . 

Melman, restated the 
administration 's posHion that a 
union would not "advance the 
univcr 'ity' . education mission." 

By M.ry HIUlns 
Associate News Editor 

In response to a slaunch UCSD 
administration, the A ociation of 
Student Employees/United Auto 
Workers (ASElUAW) union voted 
last Wednesday and Thursday 10 
approve the trike lerms recom-
mended by its Walkout Committee. 

"We had the biggest turnout lat 
the VOle] we' ve ever had," ASEI 
UAW organizer Joel Beeson ·aid. 

Beeson said he could not give 
pecifics, because union at everal 

other UC campuse had not yet voted 
on the terms of the strike. 

Beeson said that so far, union 
branches at U Berkeley and UCLA 
have voted in favor of the strike 
proposal. 

Furthermore, Melman said a 
union would undermine student/fac-
ulty relations. 

"We see [the univer ity' ] rela-
tionship with undergraduates and 
graduate as mentoring," Melman . 
said. "A third-party union will put 
up barriers to ongoing, nurturing 
reialionships." 

However, Beeson said T As 
would inform their students as soon 
a the union determined the exact 
dale of the walk-oul. 

Last week's vote came after 
Monday's icller from UCSD admin-
istrators delivered to the union, Slat-
ing that UCSD would not grant the 
union collective-bargaining rights. 

Union members voted to approve 
The leiter. signed by UCSD La-

bor Relations Director Mike 
UCSD Chancellor Robert Dynes 

See STRIKE, Page 3 

WHAT NEXT? 

AlII Macisaac/GuardIan 
Choice: First Lady Hillary Rodham Clinton spoke Saturday evening at RIMAC in support of 
Democratic 49th Congressional District candidate Peter Navarro. See story, page 2. 

A.S. Internal Vice President Resigns; 
Council to Begin Search for Replacement 
DEPARTURE: Greg Field cites 
financial reasons for leaving 
position 
ByK ..... ryneLH 
Guardian Reporter 

Wednesday 's UCSD Associaled Students 
Council meeting ended with a bang, as Internal 
Vice President Greg Field announced his resigna-
tion. 

". was simply unable to fulfill the duties ofthis 
position while working full time and being a full 
time student," Field said, citing financial reasons 
for his deci ion. ''To do the position effectively 
takes roughly 40 to SO hours a week." 

Field' position entailed filling campuswide 
comminees and deaJin8 with students' concern 
- "preny much any thin. which falls under inter-
nal to UCSD, from extending library hours to 

expanding parking services," Field said. 
Field added that he would like to see a finan-

cial-aid program implemented 0 that the A.S. 
could altract and retain top students. 

"It i my hope that the Associated Students 
deal with the accessibility of the A.S. council and 
the abilily to auract the best pos ible candidales as 
soon as possible, by making it financially pos ible 
for all," he said. 

Field's resignation is effective Nov. 21. The 
position will be advertised around campus, and 
the deadline to apply is Nov. 8. 

According to A.S. Presi4ent Coleen Sabatini, a 
search committee - most likely compOfC(i of 
represenlalives from each college and Sabatini 
herself - will interview and select Field's re-
placement. 

Earlier in the meeting, the council discussed 
Muir College's newS2 per quaner, self-assessed 

See COUNCI., Page 5 

A.S. to Hold 
'Educationw' 
Skits in Classes 
PERSUASION: Planners 
say skit about Proposition 
209 are non-partisan 
By An ... v ....... 
Senior Staff Writer 

UCSD Associated Students 
councilmembers plan to hold "educational 
skits" about Proposition 209- betlerknown 
as the California Civil Righls Iniliative -
during several classes today and tomorrow. 

• The ostensibly non-partisan in-das pre-
sentations are intended to educate ·tudent 
about the drawbacks of ending aftirmative 
action, organizers say . 

"We 're defending education," A.S. Vice 
President External Alex Tom said. "We' re 
not campaigning for or against 209." 

Proposition 209, if approved, would end 
affirmative action in government hiring and 
contracting, and public education - a !>tate-
wide version of the U regents' July 1995 

P- I and SP-2 resolution . 
Presenting such material In the cla:.sroom 

is legal, as long as the presentcr~ have the 
permission of the profesM>rs In who 'e classes 
the skits arc to be performed, Tom said. 

According to the university'S official 
latement of academic freedom, "Where it 

becomes necessary, in performing !the I func-
tion of a university, to consider political, 
ocial, or sectarian movements, they are 

dissected and examined - nOltaught , and the 
conclusion left, with no tipping of the scales, 
to the logic of the facts." 

According to Tom, the sole goal ofthe skits 
- which include a scenario of what would 
happen to students if the initiative passes - is 
to present the facts about Proposition 209. 

In the skits, a student dressed as Gov. 
Pete Wilson appears and reveals what he 
says is his "true agenda" with the passing of 
the initiative. He then pulls other perform-
ers, silting in the classroom, out of their 
seats. These students will have their faces 
painted white to represent thelteath of diver-
sity in education, Tom said . . : 

The I O-minute presentalions will end with 
a question-and-answer discussion, he added. 

So far, Tom said three profe sors have 
.,reed to have the skits performed in their 
classes: A lOCi.te Proressor of Literature 
Roddey Reid; Professor of Visual Arts Jean-

See INFWINCI, Pace 3 



2 NEWS The UCSD Guardian " Monday, November 4, 1996 

First Lady Speaks at 
RIMAe Once Again 

ETCETERA. • • 
RALLY: Hillary Rodham Clinton appears on 
behalf of Peter Navarro and other candidates 
By Terry Lew 
News Editor 

First Lady Hillary Rodham 
Clinton made her second appear· 
ance at UCSD Saturday evening, 
campaigning on behal f of Demo-
crati c Congressional c;andidate 
Peter Navarro. 

Clinton spoke before approxi · 
mately 2,000 students and com· 
munity members in a cordoned-
uff section of the RIMAC Arena, 
urging the crowd not 10 let Repub-
licans "pull up the 
ladder of opportu-
nity." 

Clinton blasted 
the Republican -
controll ed Con -
gress for what she 
described as its at-

" We a a nation will be electing 
the last president of the 20th cen-
tury and the first president of the 
21 st," she said. "As Peter [Navarro] 
says. we could not have a starker, 
clearer choice." 

Navarro, whose mantra for the 
evening was "big issues, big differ-
ence, clear choice." is running 
aga inst incumbent Rep. Brian 
Bilbray for the 49th Dislriet seal. 
The 49th District includes UCSD 
and most of coastal San Diego. 

Navarro, who 
called the 49th 
Congressional dis-
trict a " must-win 
district in the bal -
ance of power," 
told the audience 
that their votes had 
widespread impli -
cations. 

tacks on education 
programs, includ-
ing efforts to dis-
solve the Depal1-
ment of Education. 

"We need 
pcople in Congress 
like Peter Navarro, 
who will stand and 
fight for education 
fofall American ," 
she said . "The 

"Any student 
who yote.for 
BII ..... y ..... 
GIngrich I. like 
• chicken yotl .. 
for Colonel 

''The presence 
of the First Lady 
underscores in -
credibly how im-
portant this race is 
to the future of the 
country," Navarro 
said . "If Brian 
Bilbray wins the 
election, Newt 
Gingrich retains a ........... " president under-

stands education is 
a lifelong experi-
ence. Wec.:ouldnot 

_ Peter ~ majority and will 

tia ve fi nanced our 

Democratic Candidate remain Speaker of 
49th Congressional District the House. If Brian 

Bilbray loses his 
seat. Gingtich is out." BRIEFLY ... educations the way we did without 

federally-backed sludenl loans." 
CJinton said if re-elected, her 

husband would work to make 
higher education universally ac-
cessible through "Hope Scholar-
ships" and a ~ 10,000 tax deduc-
tion for tuition. 

"Any student who votes for 
Bilbray and Gingrich is like a 
chicken voting for Colonel Sand-
ers," he added. 

USD President to Speak On Faith 

Clinton also discussed the in-
crea.'Iing importance of technol-

gy and the Internet in education. 

However, UCSD College Re-
publicans President Len Nguyen 
said he thought Clinton' s appear-
ance on Navarro's behalf was " too 
little, too late" - but that the race 
was still up in the air. 

"We want to be sure every child 
c;an usc the new technologies." she 
said. " We cannot afford to have to 

"] don't think it' s enough, not 
this late in the game," Nguyen said. 
'" don't think Navarro has ever 

c;lasses of children in Ameri ca - been ultra-close to Brian IBilbrayl , 
the information haves and the in- but I don' t know what's going to 
formation have-nots." happen because you' re seeing a 

Clinton also warned against a 
"U-turn back to the days of sup· 
ply-side ec;onomics. the ri sky days 
of trickle-down economics." 

"Unfonunately for the other 
party, reality has intruded into their 
rhetoric and now we can see the 
result s of the president's plan," 
he said. "We now have four years 

of the president' s record to look at 
and evaluate on issue after issue, 
and his strategy is working." 

Clinton, whocalled votinga " fun-
damental responsibility," also em-
phasized the historical significance 
of this year's presidential race. 

media blitz ri ght no.w." 
Democratic Rep. Bob Filner of 

the 50th District, which includes 
the South Bay communities of 
Chula Vista, National City and 
Bonita, opened the rally and urged 
the crowd to vote Democratic. 

" We have watched the gang 
Newt Gingrich leads try to set us 
back 30 years," Filner said. "They 
have tried to destroy the priority of 
education in this country." 

"We need to throw them out and 
restore educ;ation as a top priority," 
Filner said. "We can take back the 

Se~ RALLY, Page 4 

Biologist Alice Bourke Hayes, president of the Uni-
versity of San Diego. will speak·at UCSD Thursday on 
reconciling science and spirituality. 

Hayes' lecture. "The Growth of a Leaf and a life: A 
Scientist reflects on Faith," is part of the Eugene M. 
Burke CSP lectureship on Religion and SOCiety. 

Hayes will discuss how her research, on the interplay 
of forces on a leaf's growth and orientation to gravity, 
has affected her approach to her own spirituality. 

Using the leaf as a metaphor, Hayes will explore the 
influences in her life as a woman, a scientist and a 
university administrator that keep her "like a leaf, on a 
level plane continually orienting to gravity.' 

Hayes was named president of USD in 1995, after 
six years as executive vice president, provost and 
professor of Biology at 51. Louis University. 

Since 1985, Burke Lectures have explored the con· 
nections between religion and society with respect to 
social justice. bioethics. the environment. religious 
fundamentalism and the feminine dimension of God. 

The free lecture. will take place at Solis Hall , Room 
107, at 8 p.m. For more information, call Paula Koch at 
755-6357 or visit http://orpheus.ucsd.edu/burke/ 

ROOMye" GrOUP to Hold Lot· 
Minute Dlscuulon on Key laue. 

Eleanor Roosevelt College's International Affairs 
Group will present a panel discussion this evening on 
the 1996 presidential election. 

The six-student panel, consisting of three Demo-
crats and three Republicans, will be moderated by ERC 

International Affairs Group Chair Max Soto. 
UCSDCollege Democrats President Mina Yaroslavsky. 

electrical engineering doctoral candidate Daniel Hartman 
and Roosevelt student Ian Hayden will debate UCSD 
College Republicans President Len Nguyen, political 
science doctoral candidate Scott Basinger and Roosevelt 
student Amy Weinstein. 

The students will discuss candidates' stances on 
elections, school vouchers. the proposed minimum-
wage increase and most of the statewide propositions 
- including Proposition 209. the California Civil Rights 
Initiative. 

The panel will take place between 8:00 p.m. and 
9:15 p.m. at the Pepper Canyon lodge. For more 
information, call 558·1144. 

PrIce Center to Host Regional 
Leadenhlp Conference 

The EXCEL Regional Leadership Conference, one of 
the largest student leadership conference in the United 
States, will take place next Sunday at the Price Center. 

Talk·show host Charlie Perez will lead the opening 
session. titled ' Today's Hot Issues Up Close.' Other 
luminaries from across the nation will lead sessions on 
"Creating Change. ' "The Power of Integrity,' "Leader-
ship: The Next Generation," "Motivation: "Developing 
a Political Agenda: ' Strategic Planning: "Alcohol , 
Stress and Sex' and "Organizational Change.' 

Registration for the conference costs $5 until Nov. 5. 
$10 after. For more information, call Paul DeWine at 
534-1611. . 

DM IWIIICY, Associate Fe.r.urtls EcI'tOi 
NATlI'IITIU, Opinion Eclifor 

TYPIIT: Jessyca Wellece 

"" UCSD GuIIIUn II......"... -." and n....,." ...... t". ..-yell by and for 
the 1IUdInI, of UCSO. ReproOuC\Jon ollnl. _ in .,form. _hIf In whole '" in N11. 
_ ,*""Uian I. "'ICIly prgIliboCtd. 0 1~." ."._. rile UCSD Ciu.WdI.,us not 
~ fOI l ". rwt~ of _,.,."...... 01 111. The __ .'pressed In • .....,, . 
....., lellers. c:ommerurtH or ~,_ dO not _an~ ...".....1"" CIjIinoonS 01 

""UCSD~.the~oIt"IIIIomiIOII"'AuocilltdSluclenlS. rlleVCSDGII.,,',an 
I. Mded IOIIfy bI' eMrIt,q. My WI. ', fOI .... .. ,ou.s1 

CMII ~, Editor In C"~f 
... ~, ~""'rTf Edllo, 
LAlItA IJIIIITD. Copy EdrtOf 

JCIIIAII ......... AUoc~e Copy Editor 
.-. In, ,... Editor 

lIMY --. MIOCIIte New. Eclilor 
IMa ...... FftftI,.. Eallor 

11M IWIIMI, Spotts EditOi 
NICOlI YAII8AI. CIM.soc,af. Sports Ed~or 
ITIVI WALIH, ClM,soclafe SpoItS EcJifor 

"THIll YOOIII, HI.r.us EclllOI 
MAlHI PATlIIIIOIII, PhoIO Editor 

YAIIOY ZOLOTo.Y. Assoclale Photo Edllor 
DOMINIC LOe8IA, Graphics EcI'IO' 
WALT DlClUNIOIII, Desi,n Edilo' 

IlJlTOIUAI. AIII.'rAIITI: lindSay HainS , Meaan Klein 
l1liI0Il .TAFF WIIITE.: Pele r Chanc. Dan K,aft. Brenl Johnson. Anna Valsman 
STAFF WIII1IIII: Nick hll , PIYI Dod&'. Rebecc. Hall. Sehra Han. Elaine 
Johnson. Mlllhtw KelI~kl. ChriS lH. KellIn Melqh,n. Co, .... NIles. Den 
Okada. Anend Pilei . 10flY Perez·Gle.e. ChrlSllna Rhudy K ... ~a Sedona. M,ke 51"".- . 
IIIIIIIIIIII: Ryon Olson 
1UU11IIA11IIII: Ale. AM, Heronlt Moll, Roeh Yumul 
PII01OIaAPIIIIIa: Andt ... Chen. AlII 101",,1_-.. Honh ....,..,. CiIMf. Sc_1de< 
WUMU1D: JiIII Setto 
-.na......-T: Marcus ~ 
ADW,,' .. UI AIIIIlMl: ll.e Hull. Joy de Ie CN< 

AO¥DTIIIIII _: E(!(I1t Tsal, Miclllel Line 
ClIlCULATIOII AllllTAIITI: David Burcen. Philip Goldmen. Pablo Menauy. 
Pat!)' Hemandez. Btenl Johnson. Kellin K. lan 

AIIII UIIIJIIELD, AMltlsln, Man8j{e' 
MIllE IIIAIITIIIIZ. Advertising Art Dlreclor 

IO! 'AN. A<Wertlsin, Desi," & Layoul 
AM' O'IHU. AdVert ls,ng Sales Representalive 
CHERYL SAITO, Assis lanl BUSiness Man8j{er 

News/ Features: 534-5226 , General Editorial: 534·6581 ()p4nlOn/ SpOrts: 534..,582. Hiatus: 5 34..,583 
Business Olflce: 534·3466. Fax: 534·7691 

lHnall: luarClianOucsd.e<lU 
Gua rClilll Onfine: 1It1p:/I_ .ucS<l .edu/lluardian/ 

UCSD au.,.".", 9100 Gilman Drive 0316, 
La JoI18, CA 92093-0316 

_ _ .,..: SeconD FIoot. UCSO _ Cent .. ...-. ·A·. Rm. 217 

I • 

Monday, November 4, 1996 

STRIKE: TAs 
encourage students 
to join strike 
Continued from pal. 1 
has repeatedly said he c;onsiders 
graduate students to be working for 
themselves - they bene.lit from the 
experience and are therefore not en-
titled to unionization. 

'ThaI doesn't make much sense 
to us," Warren Wriling TA Katrina 
Pearson said. "We're teaching classes 
frequently outside our department 
and in other fields, so how docs that 
benefit us?" 

According to Melman, students 
are adequately protected and do not 
need union representation. 

"We have a grievanc;e process 
open to students to re olve issues, " 
he said. "The thrust of the process is 
to resolve things informally." 

Melman said this process includes 
graduate students taking complaints 
to their depanment head, and, if un-
successful, to the graduate dean's 
office. 

However, ASFJUA W members 
who suppon the strike say the griev-
ance process is ineffeclive and that 
collective-bargaining rights would 
help them to beller address problems 

The UCSD Guardian 

such as large class sizes and pay 
issues. It would also help them con-
tractually secure the benefits they 
already receive, they said. 

portive of the strike. 
"We are encouraging students to 

join us on our picket line," Schrank 
said, adding that TAs would be ask-
ing students not to cross the picket 
line. 

'We' re not asking for the moon ... 
we' re asking for some guarantees on 
working conditions," Dimensions of 
Culture TA Ryan 
Moore said. 

However, UCSD staff members 

Strike suppon-
ers say they have 

"[ Students] need 
to.uncl up not 
only for their lAs, 
they need to 
stand up for 
themselves. They 
need to stand up 
for education." 

- Ryan Moore 

will be requi red to 
cross the picket 
line because of a 
no-strike clause in 
their contracts, 

Moore added 
that the union wa 
making an effort 
to minimize the 
i mpac;t the strike 
would have on 
undergraduates. 

" We chose 

. considered the im· 
mediate negative 
effect the strike 
may have on un-
dergraduates, but 
that long-term ben-
elits - such a 
smaller class sizes 
- would ulti -
mately improve 
und ergr adu ate 
education. 

Teaching ASSistant the e dates be-
DimenSions of Culture cause they are in-

between (mid-
terms)," Moore said. " ) really don' t think that under· 

graduate education is a priority [to 
the administration)," Moore said. 
" [Students) need to stand up not only 
for their TAs, they need to stand up 
for themselves. They need to stand 
up for education." 

Race and Ethnici ty TA Sarah 
Schrank, who said the uni versity was 
" Iikea factory," also aid that, for the 
most pan, her students were sup-

Melman said he was not prepared 
to comment on how the university 
would respond to the upeoming 
strike. 

"Asresponsibleacademicappoin-
tees, the university wi ll expect each 
employee to fulfill their responsibil i-
ties," he aid. "We're asking them to 
make sure thei~ responsibi lities are 
carried out." 

INFLUENCE: 
_ Tom says three profs 
have agreed to skits 
Continued hom page 1 
Pierre Gorin ; and Department of 
Music Chai rl Associ ate Professor of 
Music Rand Steiger. None could be 
reached for comment. 

One instructor who re fused to 
have the pre entations in his class-
room wa Professor Emeritus of 
Political Science Sanford Lakoff. 

" I would never use class time for 
that kind of discussion, and espe-
cially not one-sidcd ones," Lakoff 
said. " [The performers I are show-
ing contempt for academic; free-
dom." 

Po l i t i~a ll y - ori e nt ed materia l 
should only take up class time if it 
directly relates to the course being 
taught, Lakoff added. 

"It' improper use of university 
facilities," he said. 

Professor of Psychology Hal 
Pashler agreed that such presenta-
tions should not lake place in class, 
citing the UC Academic Personnel 
Manual. 

According tu the manual, types 
of unac;ceptable conduct on the pan 
of an in tructor include "u e of the 

NEWS 3 

position or powers of a faculty mem-
ber to coerce the judgment or con-
science of a student .... " 

However, Tom said the presen-
tations are meant only to educate 
and not to c;ocrce. 

"Coercion is not the ca e." he 
sa id. "What we'redoing is present-
ing the facts. The (opposing] pro-
fes ors are not under tanding what 
we' re tryi ng to do." 

According to Tom, the presen-
lations are not intended to politi -
cize the classroom, but rather to 
inform students about the issues 
invo lved in Proposition 209. 

Presenters will also distribute 
about 1.500 copies of the UC Stu-
dent Association's Statewide tu -
dent Voter Guide, Tom said. 

UCSA Excc;ut ive D irec;tor Kimi 
Lee claimed the guide i non-part i-
san because it does not endorse any 
candidates. However, it does l ist 
the propositions and suggests votes 
for each. 

The guide is being distributed 
by student governments at all nine 
UC campuses, as we ll as many 
Cali fornia State University cam-
puses and Cali forn ia c;ommunity 
colleges. she said. However, UC 
Santa Cruz. is the only thercampus 
to have classroom presentations. 

Now ENROLLING: SAN DIEGO'S #1 COURSE FOR THE 

Serving the UCSD pre-medical community 1985 

* M.D.'S TRAINING M.D.'S-OF-THE-FUTURE * 
• INTENSIVE MeAT preparation & medical school application/admi ss ions assistance are all we do! 
• MCA~ EXPERTS: an independent program taught by UCSD-trained academic M.D.'s top M D -Ph D ' d'd' & Enghsh Department Ph.D. faculty. ' . .. . ca n I ales, 
• ORIGINATOR. not simulator, of intensi ve MCAT prep in San Diego. 
• 14 WEEKS (1 ?O+ hours) of detailed in-c1 a~s i~ truction ~ r.eal MCAT tes ting. problem solvi ng, reading/writing 

workshops, review groups, med school appli catIOn & admi SSions tralegies, & tutoring. 
• 2000 PAGES of original take-home review nOles, reading & writing ludyg uides, MCAT & admi ss ions strategy 

handouts, problem sets, & MeAT-quality timed practice exams. 
• REAL MCAT TESTING for in-cl ass & take-home prac tice. 
• DIRECT CONTACT with young UCSD docs & med students. 
• TUTORING, pre-med library & med school application help included. 
• ON CAMPUS at the UCSD School of Medicine. 
• $200 LESS than other courses. 

455-MCAT 



4 NEWS 

Lights 
Sirens 

Lights & Sirens is a selection of 
entries compiled from the log book 
of the UCSD Police Department. 

Sunday, Oct. 27 
6:54 p.m.: Officers arrested a 46-
year-old male non·affiliate for bur· 
glary of the Spanos Training Facil· 
ity. Transported to County Jail. 
Monday, Oct. 28 
6:12 a.m.: Units responded to a 
fire alarm at the Pepper Canyon 
Apartments. Caused by burnt food. 
Fire department response can· 
celled. 
8:45 a.m.: A staff member reported 
the vandalism of a black Ford Ex· 
plorer at lot 403. Damage: $300. 
12:35 p.m.: A student reported 
theft of various appliances from 
Student Center A. Loss: $250. 
12:50 p.m.: A staff member reo 
ported the theft of 'a red GT Out· 
post' B21 bicycle from between 
Cellular and Molecular Medicine 
East and West. Loss: $300. 
1:00 p.m.: A student reported the 
theft of a calculator from the Cog-
nitive Science Building. Loss: 
$235. 
1:25 p.m.: A staff member reported 
the theft of a wooden bench from 
outside Student Center A. Loss: 
$500. 
Tuesday, Oct, 29 
8:10 a.m.: A graduate student reo 
ported the theft of lab equipment 
from Pacific Hall. Loss: $1,250. 
2:36 p:m.: A student suffered gas-
trointestinal distress at the Stu· 
dent Health Center. Transported 

to Thornton Hospital by paramed· 
ics. 
Wednesday, Oct. 30 
10:26 a.m.: Units and the San 
Diego Rre Department responded 
to a fire alarm at the Career Ser· 
vices building. Caused by an un-
known person activating a pull box. 
12:00 p.m.: A non-affiliate reported 
the theft of a refrigerated drink cart 
from library Walk near the Price 
Center. Loss: $1.500. 
4:35 p.m.: A non-injury accident 
occurred on Gilman Dr. near 
Mandeville Ln. between a white 
'91 university van and a red '86 
Toyota Corolla. 
8:43 p.m.: Units and the fire de-
partment responded to a fire at the 
Marshall Apartments "Aft Building. 
Caused by a student burning food. 
8:53 p.m.: An 18-year-old female 
student suffered a dislocated knee 
after falling at Club Med. Trans· 
ported to Kaiser by paramedics. 
Thursday, Oct. 31 
12:05 a,m,: A student reported 
the theft of a gold '88 Mazda 626 
from lot 510. Loss: $5,000. 
8:15 a.m.: A staff member reported 
the burglary of the Perlman Ambu-
latory Care Center. Damage only. 
3:30.p.m.: A staff member reported 
the theft of a carpet extractor from 
the Basic Science Building. Loss: 
$1,500. 
Friday, NOY.1 
8:52 a.m.: Officers arrested a 50-
year-old male for driving under the 
influence at lot 604. Transported 
to County Jail. 

The UCSD Guardian 

9:45 a.m.: A staff member 
reported the theft of a balance 
from York Hall. Loss: $285. 
2:20 p.m,: A student reported the 
theft of a white GT 820 8MX 
bicycle from outside Goldberg 
Hall. Loss: $200. 
2:37 p.m.: Uni'') responded to a 
fire at Center Hall, caused by a 
light ballast malfunctioning. 
Environment, Health & Safety 
notified. 
Saturday, Noy. 2 
1:25 a.m.: Officers detained an 18-
year-old male non-affiliate at lot 
406forbelngdrunk in public. Trans-
ported to Detox. 
9:07 p.m.: Officers pursued a 17· 
year·old male non·affiliate to 
southbound 1-5, south of Highway 
52 , and arrested him for failing to 
stop. evading a peace officer and 
being an unlicensed driver. Cited 
and released. Impounded driver's 
gray '83 Honda Accord. Stor.ed at 
Star Towing. 
11:07 p.m.: Officers arrested a 22· 
year·old male non·affiliate at 
southbound 1-5, south of Highway 
52, on an outstanding misde· 
meanor warrant for driving without 
.a license. Total bail: $5,000. Trans· 
ported to City Jail. 
Sunday, Nov. 3 
9:40 a.m,: Officer's report concern-
inga firearm found under the Gilman 
Dr. and La Jolla Village Dr. over· 
pass. 

- Compiled by Terry Lew, 
News Editor 

Picture this - flip on your laptop, zap your fax, or check out the hoUest CD·ROM titles on your 
multimedia center, and you're putting Micro Unear to WOIkI From computers and advanced net-
worl!lng, to televisions, stereo equipment, measuring equipment and lelecom lechnology, v1rtua1y 
all elec1ron1c media depends on analog devices for AID conversion. And Micro Unear people are 
The Artisans of Analog, creating a distinct niche in this generation's most exciting technology. 
~ a newty hired grad, you will experience a compeUlng, rewarding challenge from 
the start. Guided by our dynamic mentoring program, you will be designing right away. Not a 
bad beginning for an emerging artist. The leading OEMs in the WOfId depend on Micro linear 
and our far-reaching family of analog devices for truly inspired solutions, Pursue your craft at 

M~ Unear. And make an impact the world will noticel 

.9lNALOG ~SIGN ~GINEERS 
If you are graduating with an MSEElPhD, Ihls position will provide the opportunity 10 leam 
advanced Ie design while d8ll~ng systems engineering skills. As a Design Engineer, you will 
also have the chance to work til Bipolar, CMOS and BiCMOS process technologies. You will 

d~sign ~d devefop anaklQ and mixed signallCs. This Includes chip definition, circuit design, 
SImulation, layout supeMSlon, debug, characterization and relea5elo production. 

~ST 1kvELOPMENT ~GINEERS 
" you are graduating with a BSlMSEE and have a preference towanI analog circuitS, our Test 
Development EngIneering oppoIIIriIes may be your ticket. Strong analog skI.5 are necessary so 
you can design automatic test equipment software and hardwaIe that performs complex electrical 
screening or our 1Ca, as well as Insure this tasting cooaIates to laboratory benchmarks. 

PRODUCT ~GINEERS 
If you are graduating with a BSIMSEE and have a preference for analog circuits, our Product 
Engineering positions may ~ of Interest 10 you. Strong analog skills are Integral, as you wiI 
evaluate. characterize and tIltroduce new products to manufacturing. You wiH also be responsi· 
ble for analyzing, enhancing and forecasting Wafer Sort and Final Test yields and supporting 
production to resolve product issues. 
Micro Unear. To paint your bast conclusion, sign up for an InteMew today. 

( 

UMVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO 
Inta'Yiewn, Thur8day and Friday, November 21 and 22 
Caner Semc:ee 
• InbIe 10 • up for 8n inIeIvIIw. pIeae IIlII or FAX 'fWI 
*l1l1I and trwiiCIlptllO: Mcro lhIBr, tUnIn ReIoun:ea, 
2092 Concourw OM. San JaM, CA gs131. FAX: (0) 432·7523. 1l1li MI.-.A L.-near 
EmIl: hr ..... com. W. IN trI equal oppoIUIily~. .... n.II V 
VIsit our webalt. at: http://www.mlcrollneer.com 

• 

RALLY: 
'Chicago Hope' star 
addresses crowd 
Continued from page 2 
Houses for the people of this cou'n-
try." 

Former Congresswoman Lynn 
Shenk, who held the 49th District 
seat for two years before 10 ing to 
Bilbray in 1994, referred to 
Bilbray ' s voting record and called 
him a liar. 

" He labels himself a moderate 
independent, but keeps voting for 
the extremist agenda of Newt 
Gingrich 90 percent of the time," 
she said. 

Christine Lahti , star of the CBS 
television series "Chicago Hope," 
also addressed the rally . Lahti 
praised the First Lady for her "pas· 
sion, strength, intelligence and 
compassi~n ... 

Besides urging the audience to 
vote, Lahti denounced Proposition 
209 - beller known aS1he Califor· 
nia Civil Rights Initiative. 

"Don ' t buy the lie," she said. 
" It's called the 'civil rights initia-
tive,' but there' s nothing civil or 
right about it." 

Lahti auributed herroleon "Chi-
cago Hope" to the gains women 
have made because of affirmative 
action. 

"My only strong role model on 

Monday, November 4, 1996 

Ali i Ma<:lssac/ GU,I((jj'Jn 
Vote: Democratic 49th U.S. 
Congressional District 
candidate Peter Navarro 

TV was Annette on the 
Mouseketeers," she said. 

Clinton first spoke at UCSD in 
June 1995, at the dedication of 
Eleanor Roosevelt College. 

"It's a great honor for UCSD to 
have the First Lady here again," 
AS UCSD President Coleen 
Sabatini said. "It does a lot for stu-
dents on this campus in terms of 
school spirit and pride to hear from 
the First Lady." 

ASUCSD Vice President for 
Internal Affairs Greg Field, agreed. 

"It 's a great opportunity for the 
campus to have her here, pumping 
up the crowd and making people 
get out and vote," he said. 

....... N.WL 
. You ain't ••• n nothing yet. 

SUMMER EMPLOYMENT 
1997 

Gain valuable experience working with academic scientists and other 
office staff at the La Jolla, CA field site of The MITRE Corporation, a 
not· for· profit systems engineering organization. These positions will 
be available for the summer of 1997 (early June to mid August) . 
SR. WORD PROCESSING OPERATOR 
Process draft reports and correspondence produced by academic 
scientists and staff. Responsibilities include perfonning initial keying 
of handwritten material of a highly technical nature; proofing drafts; 
maintaining logs; and filing and photocopying materials. High school 
graduate or equivalent, 3-5 years word processing experience, and a 
typing proficiency certificate (55 wpm) required. Knowledge of 
Macintosh desirable. 
RECEPTIONIST 
An5wer and screen calls; take messages; greet visitors; control 
building access; coordinate pickups and deliveries of smaU packages; 
maintain logs; filing; mail distribution; and occasiona1light typing. 
High school graduate or equivalent. Prior experience as a receptionist 
is desirable. 
LIBRARY TECHNICIAN 
Coordinate alllibrary·related requests; organize and maintain library 
collection; obtain or copy artides, books, maps or other requests made 
by scientists from local libraries; order new bookS and / or subscrip· 
tions; and operate computerized library search/retrieval system. 
College level experience required. 
FAClLIIT HELPER 
Typical duties are: moving furniture and equipment; loading and 
unloading trucks; driving rental van; inventorying and maintaining 
supply room; general maintenance of conference rooms and kitchen; 
photocopying; and preparing packages for mailing, etc. High school 
graduate or equivalent and an unrestricted drivers license. Applicant 
must meet State eligibility to drive a rental van. 

Applicants selected for these positions will be subject to a security 
investigation and must meet eligibility requirements. 
PIe.ue send yOUI' R!SWlle to: The MITRE Corporation. Corporate 
Recruitment, Dept. NS/ZOI0, 1820 DoUey Madison Blvd., Mclean, VA 
22102 or fax to (703) 883-1909. Reumes can also be e-mailed to 
r.gswtt6hitre.org. 

Interviews wtIl be conducted in La Jolla during the weeks of 1113/97 
and 1/20(97. 
MITRE is proud to be an ~I Opportunity/Affirmative Action 
Employer and is rommitted to divenity in our workforce. US. 
citizenship is required. 

• Monday, November 4, 1996 

COUNCIL: 
A.S. considers new 
Muir activity fee 
Continued from page 1 
activity fee. 

Despite rumors that the council 
was considering cutting off Muir's 
funding from campu~wide acti vity 
fees, Sabatini said the matter "wa 
purely a discussion item." 

"There were some concerns 
aho~t A.S. funding college with 
self -assessed fee~, " she said . 
" Philosophically, do we Support the 
co lleges sc lf·as 'essing fce T' 

Sabatini added that the council 
will likely be asked to take a stand 
on such fees, and that di !.cussion 
needs to take place before such a 
tand can be made. 

" We anticipate that we as the 
A.S. will be asked how we fee l 
aboul self-as essed fees," she sa id. 
"The other coll ege need to talk 
about it and get back to A.S" and 
A.S. need to sit down and think 
about the ramilication of self.as-
sessed fees." 

Sabatini said the earliest Muir's 
fee could reasonably be imposed is 
spring 1997 because the fee must 
first be approved by both the chan-

STUDENT 
TRAVEL 

S TA Travel NOW 
OFFERS studen t 

discoun ts 
on domestic 

(~) 
travel. 

PSSI! Coioc ..-elise! SIA T",~ h" V"I 
$1Mttt1 oirjarl$ to *stiutioos ar .... tlot wortd. 

.JYI 
STA TRAVEL 

v.',.'~ ,·1""-:1 11)0"1 1' 

800-777-0112 
www.sta· tra~eLcom 

I'H • 
GUARDIAN 
N •• "SAD 

R."S 
CALL 534·3467 

r-----------------------, 
I 

.1 I QuIIcP.,MJ: I 

WITH STUDENT 10 
SElf-SERVE COI'IES ONlY 

WHITE 20# BOND, 8'h" X II " 
EXPIRES 12/ 31 / 96 

• • • 

.. 150 lIegents Partt 11_, Suit. 130 
la .lola, CA 92037 

.. 57·\007 
Hour$; 8-7 Monday-friday 

I 
I 
I 
I 
~--_____________________ J 

The UCSD Guardian 

cellor and the UC Board of Re. 
gents. found~ in the level of access char. ter-school ' tudenrs would have to 

UCSD faciliti es, such a laborato-
ries and athletic faci lities. 

"Idon' t fore eethat it wouldbc 
at all implementable until spring 
quarter," she said. "Ultimalely, the 
power lies with the regents." 

"I don ' t see why it has to be on 

The council 
also can idered 
and pa sed a re 0 -
lution in support 
of the propo ed 
.UCSD · Charter 
High School. 

our campus, even though the San 

"There were some 
concerns about 
A.S. funding 
colleges with self· 
assessed fees. 
Philosophically, 
do we support the 
colleges self· 
assessing fees?" 

Di ego school 
board is playing 
for it ," Kraim 
said. " IJustdon ' t 
sec why we 
should vote for 
something that 
takes away from 
st udents t hat ac-
tually pay to go 
here," 

A similar 

The res olu-
tion, drafted by 
Sabatini , urged 
th e Academi c 
Senate to "sup-
port thi s unparal-
leled proj ect and 
it s immediate 
implementation." 
The senate will 

r eso luli o n , 
passed la '1 year. 

- Coleen Sabatini asked then-In. 
ASUCSD President teri m Chancellor 

MarjorieCaserio 
to support the chaner ~c hooL di cuss the school at its ovember 

26 meeting. 
The council overwhelmingly 

supported the resolution. with the 
so le exception of Muir Sophomore 
Senator Marit Kraim. 

" Although I think the charter 
school is a wonderful idea, I don ' t 
like a lot of the things thaI come 
wilh it," she said. 

Kraim said her com;erns were 

The charter high school would 
give un~ergraduates IUloring op. 
portunllies through the Teacher 
Education Program and would fa-
cilitate facuity research projects. 
Sabatini said. 

"ITheschoolJ very muchcomple. 
mcnts several face IS or campus, as 
well as lhe university's mission when 
comes to outreach," she said. 

NEWS 5 

Contacts 
Daily Wear $89 

Includes exam. fitting follow u 
solution s tarter kit plus one FREI'fj,air 

colored Fresh Look contacts. 

Ultra Thin 
Eyeglas. S Lens_ 

39 s99~ 
paor 

Blurred VlSoOn? Eye Include. U V tch 
he? Trouble readm9 coat. nd poh.;,;:'dges 

30 m",utes? call us' (a $39 1/8"'8, 

DR. NICK SELBY, 00 
6780 Miramar Road 

(2 miles east of 805, behind Carl's Jr.) 

578-&796 

Brown Eyes to Blue. 
Green . Hazel or Gray 

$99* 
2 pairs 02 Opaque 
Colored Contacts 

'With manA:turer's $30 rebate 
ProfeSSIOnal fees extra. 

Here are the reasons why more UCSD 
Premeds rely on us than K~plan and 

Columbia Review combined. 



The Following Endorsements Reflect the Majority Vote ?f the Edi~orial 
Board and Do Not Necessarily Reflect the Views of the Entire Guardtan Staff 

PROPOSITION 

209 
Proposition 209, also known as the Cali-

fornia Civi l Rights Initiative (CCRI),is prob-
ably the most contentious measure on the 
ballot this election 
because it would 
end all state-spon-
sored racial-prefer-
enc.e programs. 
Opponents of 209 
claim that prefer-
ence programs are 
still necessary to 
tight institutionalized racism and 10 balance 
the effects of past discrimination. Proponents 
maintain that the program do more harm to 
race-relations than good, and that lhey ille-
gally treat citizens differently under the law. 

The exact text of the CCRI reads, 'The 
state shall not discriminate against, or grant 
preferential treatment to, any individual .or 
group on the basis of race, sex, color, ethnlc-
ity, or national origin in the operallon of pul)-
lic employment, public education, or p~bhc 
contracting." The measure would ellmmate 
rl\cial-preference programs that apply differ-
ent standards to different people, but would 
leave untouched affirmative-action recruit-

PROPOSITION 

215 
Proposition 215, which would allow sick 

individuals to grow. possess or otherwise 
obtain and usc marijuana for medi ' inal pur-
poses, seems like a good 
idea on the surface. The 
anecdotal evidcnce is 
overwhelming that 
smoking marijuana can 
provide demonstrable 
Ocnelits to sufferers of 1iiII"'~E;':;';r 
cancer, AIDS, glaucoma 
and many other chronic illnesses. Legalizing 
marijuana for sick people makes a lot of sense. 

The problem with this initiative i that it 
has loopholes big enough to drive a Buick 
through. Under Proposition 21~, legal use of 
marijuana i~ conditioned solely upon the 
"wri tten or oral recommendation or approval 
of a physician." No permits or prescriptions 
arc necessary. and no special records must be 

kc~ . . 
Funhermore, Proposition 215 legahzes 

marijuana use for "any ... illness for which 
manjuana provides relief." As the initiative's 

foc~ nghtly say, thiS opens the door for peo-
ple to claim stress, headaches, ~tomach 
aches, insomnia or just about anythmg else 
as necessitating marijuana. 

The bollom line i~ that Proposition 21 5 i~ 
de fa('/(} legalization of marijuana. A person 

ment programs and pecial education pro-
grams designed to prepare socially- and eco· 
nomically-disadvantaged students for col-
lege. . 

The debate over the issue has been highly 
charged and characterized by mudslinging 
and obfuscation. At CSU Northridge, an anti-
CCRI student group went so far as to stage a 
debate in which former Ku Klux Klansman 
and Louisiana politician David Duke was 
paid $4,000 to represent the pro-CCRI side. 
There was also a debate about the way the 
initiative would be described on the ballot, 
with Allorney General Dan Lungren's char-
acterization of the action as "ending racial-
preference programs" winning a court bailIe 
over "ending affirmative-action programs." 

The Guardian endorses Proposition 209 
because it enforces the principle of equality 
under the law, guaranteed to every American 
citizen by the 14th Amendment to the Con-
stitution, but largely ignored by those bent on 
fixing society through government-enforced 
social engineering. Our Constitution guaran-
lees equality of opponunity, not equality of 
results, and it i important for us to protect 
the individual rights of all our citizens, not 
just the chosen few deemed special by the 
government. 

~YES 
could btain pot from a doctor unscrupu lous 
enough recommend marijuana to anyone 
claiming to suffer from stress, for example. 

But even though Proposition 215 is too 
broad, don't we have a moral obligation to 
allow sick people to obtain relief'? Cancer 
patients waste away because of the nausea 
caused by chemotherapy. Marinol, a legal 
drug thai contains the same active ingredient 
as marijuana, doc n't always help. Don't 
these people have a right to obtain relief for 
their suffering? 

Of course they do. The problem with 
Proposition 215 does not lie with its good 
intentions to help suffering people, however. 
Rather, its flaw lies in the fact that it is de 
facIO legali7.alion masquerading a~ ~o~npas­
sian for the sick. This is political cYnicism at 
its most blatant. 

Drugs should be legalilcd, but not in lits 
and stans. Inslead of decriminalizing mari-
juana usc for a certain segment of soci~ty, 
with the full knowledge that other~ are gomg 
to find ways to fit into that segment. we 
should legalize it for everyone. We ~hould not 
vote for a propositi n that attempts 10 legali/e 
it under the cover of compassion for the ick 
or that tries to circumvent the rule of law. 

Proposition 215 is a good idea, poorly 
implemented. Vote no for now. but continue 
to hope that politicians come 10 their sen es 
in time for the next election. 

~NO 

PROPOSITION 

210 
At lirst glance, an increase in the mini-

mum wage might seem like a viable strate-
gy to lift the poorest of California's workers 
out of the depths of I 
poverty. But a closer 
study of the ramili-
cations of such a 1~~~t1§EJ 
move reveals that it 

~+I-+-t-+ 
would have just the 
opposite effect. . 

If passed, Proposition 210 would raise 
the minimum wage in the state of Califor-
nia to $5.75 per hour by March 1998. In the 
process, it would raise the cost of doing 
business in California and force many com-
panies to layoff workers, raise prices or 
just move out of state. 

In a market economy, the wages offered 
by employers reflect the ability of workers 
to produce value. A beller than average 
abi lity to add value is rewarded with a bet-
ter than average wage. Business,es will pay 
higher wages or hire new workers only as 
long as it remains profitable to do so. 

Currently, only 5 percent of California's 
workers receive the minimum wage, and a 
large proportion of these workers are 

teenagers. young adults or other new 
entrants to the job market, such as recent 
immigrants. To them, a minimum-wage job 
is not their sole means of subsi stence but 
rather a way to gain work ,experience and 
valuable job skills . Raising the minimum 
wage would price many of these workers out 
of entry-level jobs and deny those just stan-
ing out the chance to increase their skills. 

The effects of a wage increa e are equal -
ly severe on small businesses. An employer 
faced with the higher wage will have few 
options beyond passing the higher cost .on 
to the consumer in the form of pnce 
increases or laying off employees to main-
tain what are often very slim profit mar-
gins. The large differential between the 
state minimum wage and the federal wage 
would also encourage companie to move 
their operations out of Califomia. . . 

The consequences of raising the mini-
mum wage are severe: Businesses will lay 
off workers, hire fewer entry-level employ-
ees, raise prices. or leave the stale. We 
should not burden companies with higher 
costs at a time when California's unem-
ployment rate is still among the highest in 
the nation. The Guardian urges you to vote 
no on Proposition 210. 

Monday, November 4, 1996 
OPINION 7 

Thc UCSD Guardian 

PROPOSITIONS OUR ENDORSEMENT FOR 

204 205 206 PRESIDENT 
Imagine what you could do with $146 

million. That's how much Propo itions 204, 
205 and 206, if passed, would co ·t California 
taxpayers every year for the next 25 years. 

Twin Towers facility si ts idle because the 
sheriff can't lind the money to keep it opcn. 
The same thing will happen statewide if 
Proposition 205 passes. 

Proposition 204, the "Safe, Clcl\n, Reli-
able Water Supply Act," would require the 
state to is ue $995 million in bonds to ensure 
safe drinking water, increa e water supplies, 
clean up pollution, bolster nood-protection 
efforts and protect lish and wildlife. 

Proponents of Proposi tion 205 say the 
state's tough "rhree Strikes" law has result-
ed in signilicant numbers of violent criminals 
being taken off the trcets, which is true. But 
the vast majority of "Three Strikes" offend-
ers wind up in state pri 'on. and Proposi tion 
205 doesn't say a word about tate facilities. Sounds good, doesn't it? 

Unfortunately, Proposition 204 will most-
ly benefit the Central Valley and the Sacra-

Proposition 205' $700 million would go 
solely to local facilities in the business of 

mento Delta areas. Although it 
wi II benefit the rest of us to at 
least some extent, we don 't 
feel that the rest of the state 
should have to foot the bill for 
sueh things as a $2 million 
"Delta recreation" improve-
ment effort. The proposition 

locking up more shopli fters 
and deadbeat dads while the 
real criminals, such as burglars 
and rapists, are relea ed early 
because the state prisons are 
all overflowing. What's the 
sense in that? 

also allocates $93 million to restoring fish 
and wildlife in the Central Valley, and $3 
million for the "CAL FED Bay-Delta Pro-
gram." 

As for Proposi tion 206, the 
"Veteran's Bond Act of 1996," things aren't 
what they used to be. The Cal-Vet program, 
which was started in 1921 to help the state's 
veterans purchase homes of their own when 
they returned to civilian life, has been self-
supporting so far. The state issues bonds, and 
participating veterans pay back the cost of 
the bonds over the lives of their loans. 

We're all for safe, clean, reliable water -
we just don't think a billion-dollar bond issue 
is the way to get it. 

Proposition 205, which call for another 
$700 million in state bonds to fund the "con-
struction, renovation, remOdeling and 
replacement of local juvenile and adult cor-
rectional facilities," has the same problems 
as Proposition 204 - the projects are all 
localized, but the entire state is being asked 
to foot the bill. 

Proposition 205, the "Youthful and Adult 
Offender Local Facilities Bond Act of 1996," 
would saddle California with another $1.25 
billion in debt over the 25-year lifetime of 
the bonds. 

Proposition 205 is supposed to fund con-
struction of sparkling new jails, but it doesn't 
say a word about how we're going 10 operate 
them. A case in poin!: Los Angeles' new 

Unfortunately, times have changed and 
the real estate and job markets aren't what 
they used to be. Taxpayers should not have to 
foot the bill for veterans who default on their 
loans. Moreover, the Cal-Vet program dupli-
cates the federal veterans home-loan pro-. 
gram. 

Vote no on Propositions 204, 205 and 
206. We' re in debt up to our collective eye-
balls already. We don't need to shell out 
another $146 million every year. 

[tfNO 
PROPOSITIONS 

207 211213 
While it is important for the government 

to respond to the will of the people, there are 
situalions in which the people aren't well-
informed enough to make direct decisions on 
complicated pieces of legislation. Proposi-
tions 207, 211 and 213 have to do with 
reforming the legal system - specifically, 
that part of the law that has to do 
with torts (economic and noneco~ 
nomic damages) - . and they are 
very complicated measures. 

Proposition 207 would prohibit 
the state from regulating attorney's 
fees. Some people complain that 
lawyers charge excessive fees . 
These arc also the peoplc who oppose 207 
because it limits most restrictions on 
lawyer's fees. They complain that a lawyer 
can earn thousands of dollars simply by mak· 
ing a few phone calls. 

While this is true, we shouldn 't be making 
judgments about how much lawyers should 
be allowed 10 make. While we can I~gis l ate 
what lawyers can sue for, the market should 
be allowed to determinc how much lawyers 
get paid. The fact is that 207 provides some 
limits on attorney's fees - fees that are 
"uncon 'cionable." 

It also provides avenues for punishing 
attorneys who lile frivolous lawsuits. The 
measure prohibits attorneys from collecting 
fees from clients on whose behalf they have 
filed frivolous lawsuits. 

Sa ically, under 207. iran attorncy talk a 
client into liling a frivolous lawsuit and then 
thatlaw:.uit is found to be wi thout merit, the 
client is not obligated to pay attorney' fees 

above legitimate costs incurred in the liling 
of the lawsuit. 

Proposition 207 protects the right of an 
attorney and his client to negotiate a fee 
agreement agreeable to both sides. Lawyers 
are expensive, but placing price controls on 
lawyers' fees is no way to protect consumers 

in the market for legal services. 
We urge a yes vote on 207. 

Proposition 211 is a scheme 
supported and partly funded by 
San Diego attorney (and big Clin-
ton supporter) William Lerach. 
Lerach and his ilk have made mi 1-
lions of dollars suing hi -tech com-

panies in Silicon Valley and bio-tech firms. 
Recently, Congress reformed the tort system 
at the federallcvel , gUlling much of his busi-
ness. Proposition 211 would reintroduce friv-
olous lawsuits banned in federal court to our 
state courts. 

This initiative would tie up our legal sys-
tem and cripple high-technology companies 

See LEGAL, Page 9 

~YES 
ZII , 213 

~NO 

In ome ways, American politics is 
mllch different today than it was in 1992. 
RepUblicans now wntro l both houses of 
Congress and occupy more than 30 of the 
nation's state houses . The decades-old fed-
eral welfare entitlement was repealed with 
the passage of the welfare reform bill. And 
the federal government has gotten seriou s 
about balancing the budget in six years. 

However, in important ways, politics is 
still plagued by the same problems. Politi-
cians are refusing to face lip to the fact 
that Medicare and Social Security 

cowed by Clinton 's acw ation that he 
wants to gu t cntitlement prograll1s, and 
hen!;e he has not made the bold and neccs-
ary move to call for the privatization of 

these prograll1s. 
Furthermore, Dole has been relying too 

heavily on attacks on Clinton's character. 
While these attacks arc not without some 
merit . they just aren't playing with the 
American public. That 's a disturbing com-
ment on the level of cynicism the public has 

are facing bankruptcy when the 
baby boomers stan to retire. The 
federal government will still 
spend a whopping $1.6 trillion 
next year. And the nation is still 
divided, still bereft of leadership, 
on issues such as abortion, edu-
cation and tax reform. 

Moreover, we are faced with 
many of the same candidates we 
saw in 1992. Bill Clinton and 
Ross Perot are sti II on the scene, 
and another moderate Republi-
can, Bob Dole, i eyeing the 
presidency. The politicians lire 
still giving us the same tired HARRY 

about government. but a presi -
dential candidate need to be 

a man of bold ideas, It is 
time that we consider 
electing a man of bold 

ideas who comes from 
neither of the two major 
parties. 

That man is Libertarian 
candidate Harry Browne. 

Unlike Bill Clinton and 
Bob Dole, Harry 
Browne has 

embraced a notion that 
so far ha~ escaped the 
notice of Republicans 

answers to our problems. They DR 0 WNE 
still think that more government 

and Democrats: Gov-
ernment doesn't work. 
and a II the reforl1l in 
the world cannot is the solution. 

During the last four years, Bill Clinton 
has proven himself to be one of the most 
unscrupulous men in America. Whenever 
questions about his character have arisen, 
he has miraculously avoided political fall-
out by steadfastly and shamelessly claim-
ing his innocence. From the Whitewater 
scandal to the collecti ng of FBI liles un 
prominent Republicans: from sexual -
harassment suits to the appointment of sev-
eral special prosecutors to investigate the 
dealings of several cabinet members, Clin-
ton has shown himself and his admini tra-
tion to be unconcerned about government 
ethics and about selling a coherent agenda 
for America. 

On any particular day Clinton 's agenda 
is whatever campaign slogans he happens 
to feel like pursuing. From branding Bob 
Dole 's across-the-board tax cu t a "schell1e" 
to demagoguing the issue of Medicare, 
Clinton has revealed himself to be more 
interested in staying in power than in 
changing the face of government. 

However, while Bob Dole unquestion-
ably has proven himse lf in his yea rs of pub-
lic service to be of sound character, the 
agenda he offers is not radically different 
from Clinton's. While D Ie ha !;orrectly 
seen the need to include a tax cut in his 
agenda, he has failed to address fundamen-
tal issues about the size and cope of gov-
ernment spending. Specilically he has hcen 

PROPOSITION 

218 

change that facl. Browne isn 't interested in 
just reforming government : he \ ants to 
take an ax to it. The other candidatcs may 
talk about cutting the sil.e uf government, 
but in reality thcy just dcbate over whethcr 
the budget should grow hy 3 or 5 percent 
each year. 

Browne's plan is simple: Reduce the 
size and swpe of government. He proposes 
to e1iminale federal income, estate, girt and 
So!;i .. 1 Security tllxes, while balancing the 
budget hb /irst year in of/icc. To do so, he 
would cut the federal government down to 
only those functions ~pecifically enumera t-
ed in the Constitution. and in the process, 
reduce the total federal budget to a mere 
fraction of its current SilC. 

Only Browne has recogni/cd the explo-
sion in fedcral entitlement expenditures for 
what it is: a drain on our nation 's produc-
tive resources that will eventuall y lead to 
fiscal ruin . He therefore proposes to priva-
tize social security and other entitlement 
programs, putting them out of the wasteful 
reach of government and bllck into the 
hands of private citizens. 

Unlike the other candidates, he sees 
govcrnment as one of the main sources of 
society'S prohlems , not the so lution. 
Instead of proposing a government solution 
to every real or imagined problem, Browne 
would seek ways to shift control back to the 
people. 

See BROWNE, Page 11 

owners wou ld have a grea ter say in 
whether to raise taxes under this measure. 
Some people sec this provision as undemo-
cra tic. However. we at the Guardian 
believe that it is undemocratic for voters to 
have the power to take money away from 
other people without their consent. There 
is no rca on why voter.~ should be allowed 
to force large landowners to pay for a pub-
lic projed the laller will neither benclit 
from nor want. 

To hear recent radio commercial bash-
ing Proposition 218, one might think that 
this measure shifts all the voting power 
away from the common ci tizen and gives it 
to the rich corporation or landowner. This, 
however, is ntirely untrue. 

Proposition 218 is basic property-tax 
reform. It requires that all new local tliX 
increases bc put to a vote. It prevents 
local governments from milking all its ci t-
il.ens tu pay for improvements that bene-
fit only a few !>pecial intere t~ . It also 
allows the property owners who wi II pay 
the biggest share of new taxes to have a 
greater say in whether those new taxes arc 
enacted. 

Proposition 21!l is not a power grab by 
property owners. And it docs not take vot-
ing power away from the people who ure 
most affected by tax increa~es . Proposition 
218 is rcal tax reform. It protects taxpayers 
by preventing government from raising 
taxes on a whim. The Guardiall urges aye:. 
vote on 218. 

ome might object that large propeny ~YES 



~ 

8 OPINION The UCSD Guardian Monday, Novembe'r 4, 1996 

PROPOSITIONS 

214216 
There is 'a pernicious trend in ballot 

proposi tions thi s election cycle. Several 
proposi tions (2 14, 2 16 and 2 17, for exam-
ple) have provisions that state that these 
measures can onl y be amended through the 
initiative process. The reason we don ' t 
have a direc t democracy is that uch a sys-
tem is time consuming. expensive and, 
more often than not, di ~honest 
and decepti ve. It is good that 
some big issues come before the 
people for a vote (such as 
CCRI ), but when issues so 
minute as the regul ation of 
HMOs get on the ballot. you can 
count on both sides demagogu-
ing the issue. 

Propositions 214 and 216 were drafted in 
response to the growing frustration that 
many people feel about the quality of med-
ical care they receive through health-main-
tenance organizations (HMOs). Controversy 
has arisen recently over some of the policies 
that HMO usc to control costs, uch as not 
paying for hospital ' tays of more than one 
day for new mothers. 

Propositions 2 14 and 216 aim to place 
restrictions on certain policies of HMOs. 
Proponents of these mea ures claim that 
HMOs and other health-care organi zations 
place "gag rules" on physicians recom-
mending ccrt ain treatment s. These proposi-
tions would ban .such gag rules. But the fact 
is that current law. recently enacted by the 
legislature, forbids any health-care organi -
zation from pl:u.: ing gag orders on its mcm-
ber or contracted physicians. 

Propositions 214 and 216 al 0 prohibit 
HMOs from paying bonuses to doctors for 

withholding expensive treatment to which 
patients are entitled . But if pati ents arc enti -
tled to these treatments under the agreement 
they 'igned with the HMO, then the patients 
are still protected under the law regarding 
breach of contract. 

Besides being redundant, these measures 
also create massive new bureaucracies. Both 

propos itions mandate certain 
levels of staffing (such as the 
nu mber of secretaries, nurses, 
physicians) at all health care 
providers. This is simply a sop 
to health-care workers who e 
jobs have been threatened by 
the recent cost-conscious envi -

ronment. The staffi ng and bureaucracy pro-
visions would place tremendous burdens on 
hea lth-care providers in terms of cost and 
would make health care (and, thus, health 
insurance) more ex pensive. 

Moreover, the increased cost would be 
pas ed on to taxpayers in the form of 
increased co ts to publicly supported hospi -
tals, such as those in the UC system. 

Propositions 2 14 and 216 are just two 
more attempts to regulate an already over-
regulated indu try. The proponent claim 
that they' re protecting the qual ity of patient 
care when they are actually making it much 
more expensive. 

Strike a blow against redundant law. 
unnecessary bureaucracy and higher health-
care costs by voting no on 214 and 216. 

II UCSD STUDENTS ARE ELIGIBLE FOR COMPLIMENTARY SHUTTLE 
RIDES TO AND FROM LINDBERGH FIELD OR 
THE DOWNTOWN AMTRAK STATION ~~=e:;;!;~ 
SPONSGRED BY TRANSPORTATION 
& PARKING SERVICES 

AND THE ASSOCIATED 
STUDENTS, UCSD 

LIMITED 

ADVANCE RESERVATIONS 

REQUIRED 

PROPOSITIONS 

208 212 
Two propositions, 212 and 208, are bat-

tling to enforce their respecti ve vi ions of 
political justice onto the area of campaign 
finance. The problem is that both Proposi-
tion 212 and Proposition 208 would limit 
the ri ghts of indi viduals to freely expre s 
themselves in the political arena. The First 
Amendment to the Constitut ion clearly 
states that such limitations 
are not allowed. 

Proposition 212 is spon-
sored by the California Public 
Interes t Re earch Group 
(CALPIRG), while Proposi-
tion 20 is sponsored by a 
coalition in cl u~ing the 
League of Women Voters, the 
American Association of Retired Persons 
and United We Stand America. the group 
behind Ross Perot's Reform Party. 
CALPIRG and the groups behind 208 are 
normally political alli es, but they are divid-
ed over which of the two measures deserves 
support. Our belief is that both mea ures are 
nawed and that you should vote against both 
propo it ions. 

Each proposi ti on has problem beyond 
being unconstitutional. Proposition 212, the 
CALPIRG measure, repeals the ban on gifts 

and honoraria to political candidates, mak-
ing ii harder to document the exact value of 
donations to politicians. Proposition 212 
also ets in-di strict contribution and manda-
tory spending limits that have already been 
ruled unconstitutional. Propo ition 208 lim-
its fund-raising time, ensuring that politi-
cians would do nothing but fund-rai se. at the 

expense of doing their jobs. 
during the allotted time. 

For the same reason that 
nag burning is not a crime, 
indi iduals, unions and corpo-
rations (the latter two being 
associations of indi viduals) 
have the right to express 
themselves po liti cally by 

making donations to polit ical candidates and 
organizations. The size of a donation does not 
in any way affect the fact that it is a fonn of 
protected speech. Freedom of speech is one 
of the pillars upon which we have built our 
free society, and we must oppo e attempts to 
curtai I that right. Vote no on 208 and 212. 

US REPRESENTATIVE STATE SENATE STATE ASSEMBLY 
49TH DISTRIU 

[!f BRIAN BILBRAY 
o pmR NAVARRO 

39TH DISTRIU 

o DEDE ALPERT 
[!flOE DOLPHIN 

78TH DISTRIG 

[!f TRICIA HUNTER 
o HOWARD WAYNE 

You vvant to 
first . to 

be the 

--------------------

Macintosh. 
More flexible than ever. 
We don't know how you'll IiI! in the blank. 
That's why we make Macintosh' computers 
so flexible. To help you be the first to do 
whatever you want to do. And with word 
processing, easy Intemet access, powerful 
multimedia and ' cross-platform compati-
bility, a Mac' makes it ellen easier to do it. 
How do you get started? Visit your campus 
computer store today and pick up a Mac. 

Leave our mark. 

f;J19% VY"- (MII"'it" /Ik', AI, r(~"" ftwn ,,1 AfY'I" I"" AfY'I"'''I.'O. Ikle 1II1t1lkl,IIII",JJ " " ' ft""k,,",I1,,.~'.""k. or .Wi'@I11/1I1h:r III< AlllkKIIII,..JJ 
llJmpIIII'" 1111' '/"'\',fI,,,,,,/'o hi (l(tl'l\lhlt'/O flU/II N/Ull/) IIllh 1IISI II)I"~1 'RJ Iltlm IIIIJI't (/ \ (II1hl tll/l ~(jIJ 61)0 -xax or m xot) "S; OMI 

, . , 

Mo nday, November 4, 1996 

PROPOSITION 

217 
When Ca liforni a was in the 

midst of a deep recession in the 
early 1990 , the state impo 'ed a 
te mp o rary 
tax increase 

ilign-
income tax-
payers in an 
effort to 
alleviate the 

/' 
I 

dec line in state tax revenues 
brought about by the economic 
downturn. The temporary tax 
increase ended in 1995 as the econ-
omy recovered and state revenues 
returned to stronger levels. Despite 
this recovery, Pro pos it ion 217 
would re instate, retroacti ve begi n-
ning . with the 1996 tax year. the 
inco me-tax increase fo r high-
income tax payers that ended in 

1995. 
Propo ition 2 17 is just anOlher 

immoral soak-the-rich scheme by a 
group of Californi ans intent on 
funding their pe t projects. Accord-
ing to Ca li fo rni a's Secretary of 
State, the tax increase would affect 
only I percent of taxpayers in the 
state, yet these taxpayers already 
pay 31 percent of the total personal 
income taxes collected each year. 

. Proposi tion 217 would also restrict 
the state from reducing the income 
taxes paid by high-income taxpay-
ers in the future without a vote of 
the people. If anything. the tate 
should aim for a more equitable tax 
system, not a more "progressive" 
one. Making one group of people 
pay a higher percentage of their 
income in taxes in unfair any way 
you look at it. 

Not only is the measure unjust, 
it would also serve a a disi ncen-
tive to hard work. By increasi ng the 
marginal tax rate, it would tax all 
income over $11 5,000 at 10 per-
cent instead of the current 9.3 per-

What the fairy godmother 
did for Cinderella 

we can do for you. 
How much difference does color 
make? It's been found that it can help 
sell your ideas 50 to 
85% more effectively 
than black and white, 

depending on how it's used. Color gets 
attention and helps people retain 
infonnation. So take advantage of our 

color capabilities when creating your 
next presentation or proposal. 

Visit our web site at 
http://WMV.kinkos.com 

or callI-SOO-2-KINKOS, 

Open 24 hours, 7 days a week. 

~. 
The new way to office: 
8849 VIII. La Jolla Dr. 

457-3775 

Brine tills , _ ..." K .... ·' In L. jcIo 11M ,teeM 'inato-Jidod 
a 112" . II " CoIoo- Copiu on 24111. ____ for- "I lOCh. 
Kln!oo', roquira _ penniuOon ~""' die '~hddor In "". 
to """"""0 any ~ ~ 0II0r b -.d '" "'" """"'" 
"" '''''''''*' Coupon ..... be ..-e<! II .- 01 ,..,hut 11M It 
____ ... VoIidIlI(lol,oI u)ollo"'. NoCllhYliut. 
0iIv oxpIrtJ Doc ll . I".. 

• I-I~I!! 
14 San Dteco Locatlons to ServeYou 

~. Offer your SERVICES ••• 

The UCSD Guardian 

cent , and income over $230.000 at 
I I percent. imply put, the harder 
you work, the more the state taxe 
you must pay. A tax system should 
promote hard work and investment , 
nOl penal ize those who do for being 
too succe sfu l. 

The last thing the state needs is 
more money to waste. Whi Ie taxa-
tion is necessary to fund essentia l 
state ac ti vit ie , all mcmbers of 
society should share in the pai n. 
This measure targe t one group 
while prov iding few benefit s to the 
state as a whole. The state of Cali-
fornia alrcady spends more per per-
son than the nat ional average. Ca li -
fornia should reform spend ing on 
education and other state bureau-
cracies before raising taxes on any-
body. 

The Gtlardian urge you to vote 
no on Proposition 2 17. 

[tfNO 

LEGAL: 
Initiati yes rai e 

- complex issues 
Continued from page 7 
with legal fees. New companies 
would tart-up elsew here and 
existing companies would nee in 
droves. Thousands of jobs would 
be lost all for the sake of allowing 
greedy plaintiffs ' lawyers to earn 
mi ll ions o f dollars . We urge a no 
vote on Proposi tion 2 1/ . 

Propos it ion 213 would prevent 
convicted felons. drunk drivers 
and uninsured motori sts from col-
lecting damages su tained while 
committ ing a crime. It would pre-
vent a drunk driver or an uni n-
sured motorist from collec ting 
damages for pain and suffe ring 
sllstai ned in an a~c ident. It would 

OPI NION 9 

also prohib it any criminal neeing 
the scene of a crime from collect-
ing any damages sustai ned by the 
negligence of another person. 

It 's hard to defend the right of 
a criminal. to sue for damages of 
any kind incurred while involved 
in a crime, but liabi lity i liabi lity. 
If someone is negligent in their 
behavior and they happen to 
injure a drunk dri ver, uninsured 
motorist or Ileei ng fe lon. they 
should not be let off th ' hook just 
because the person they injured 
was in trouble with the law. 

Proposition 213 i not real tort 
reform. Real tort reform would 
address substant ive questions of 
liab il ity - not just deny recovery 
to ce rt ain groups of people 
because they are in trouble wi th 
the law. The GI/ardian urges a no 
vote on 213. 

Come to the OpInion Wrlt.ra M .. tlnc 
this WednHcl.y lit 4 pm In the Guardia OffIce. 

Be there or be left behlndl 134 8182. 

• UIC , 
somebody call 

a doctor!! 

The MeAT is too important to prepare for with an untested hybrid . 
While our competitors are learning how to work together, Kaplan 'S 
team of medical experts can teach you- right now- how to get into 
medical school. In fact, we 've put more students into med school 
than any other organization . Go with the sure thing. Call Kaplan 
today to enroll and to rece ive our free Science Review Sampler. 

the nation'. # 1 MeAT course 

KAPLAN 
1-8gB-KAP-TEST 

www.kaplan.com 



10 OPINION The UCSD Guardian Monday, November 4, 1996 
. 

ARTICLE UNJUSTLY ATIACKED REISMAN'S LECTURE 
Editor: 

I wish to respond to Peter 
Chang's article, "There Is More 
Than One Cure For Racism" in the 
Oct. 31 issue of the Guardian. 

I do not wish to di scuss Dr. 
Reisman's opinions, as I am sure 
we have all either praised or con-
demned them. Rather, I would like 
to take issue with Chang's criti -
cism of the Dr. Reisman's lecture. 

I understand that there is a cer-
tain li cense that journali sts (though 
I use that term loose ly in Chang's 
case) take when they write opinion 
pieces. I may di sagree with many 
of Chang's positions, but under the 
Constitution he has every right to 
have them. But I also understand 
that in order to have a credible 
opinion, one mu t understand the 
subject mailer one is di scussi ng. 

I altended Dr. Reisman 's lecture 
and was seated ncar Chang. It sur-
prises me to read that Chang 
thought the lecture went on for too 
long, considering he didn ' t listen 
to half of it. Instead, Chang took 
the opportunity to espouse hi s 
opinions on any manner of sub-
jects (I'm not Sure 'which; fortu -
nately I was out of earshot), much 
to the chagrin of the people si lting 
next to him. 

On the other hand, I'm not sur-
prised to see that Chang has an 
"appreciation for the formidable 

ability of economists to make a liv-
ing by repeating obvious things for 
hours on end." This is what Chang 
has been doing in the Guardian for 
several years. 

I am also not surprised that 
Chang thought Rei sman was 
"dawdling endlessly on ... economic 
models." Chang probably found 
this to be an excruciating experi-
ence, though anyone with even an 
elementary understanding of eco-
nomics could eas ily follow Dr. 
Reisman 's examples. Chang's lack 
of understanding was highlighted 
during the subsequent question and 
answer period. Chang. smug gri n 
in place, asked a question about the 
gold standard, intending to stump 
Dr. Reisman. But the question was 
neatly fielded and thrown back in 
Chang's face. Chang, of course, 
didn't realize thi s because he was-
n' t paying altention to the 

. response. As with hi s articles in the 
Guardian, Chang wasn ' t interested 
in an exchange of ideas. He just 
wanted to hear himself talk. 

Robert Miranda 

ASEjUAW Editorial 
Ignored Work luues 
Editor: 

In the Oct. 31 editorial entitled 
"Graduate Student Union Should 

Readers' Forum 
The Guardian welcomes letters from 
its readers. All letters must be no 
longer than one page, typed. double· 
spaced and signed. Letters must 
also contain a phone number. We 
reserve the right to edit for length 
and clarity. Letters may be dropped 
off at the Guardian office on the 
second floor of the Old Student Cen-
ter. Send all letters to : 

The Guardian 
Opinion Editor 

9500 Gilman Dr. 0316 
La Jolla. CA 92093-0316 

Fax: (619) 534·7691 
e-mail: guardian@ucsd.edu 

Vote No On Strike," the Guardian 
has once again shown that it is not 
in touch with academic student 
employment or graduate student 
issues . 

The claim that teaching assis-
tants ' "have it easy," is laughable. 
What other workforce is made to 
work in excess of 30 to 40 hours a 
week, while only getting paid for 

HI SOLANA BEACH 
\ t-i4~,iH' , lim,'}'II'W hlviBl t"UBSDA1. 
Y\1tm'RSOsf5~ttR ""mto 10pm 14"P' 
. S3 o. lZzas $7 

ex starting at 

145 S. 9, l!l'~L~N~EA H 792-7521 
The most important job of your life 

just might be your first~ 
As II member of Teach For America, you will be 
pan of the national teacher corps of outstanding 
recent college graduates from diverse cultural 
backgrounds who commit two years to teach 
in America's under·resourced urban and rural 
public schools. 

You don't have to be an educII!ion major. 
Teach For America is seeking talented, dedicated 
individuals from every acade,mi4: major who 
want to ensure that all children in this nation 
have the opportunity to auain an el.cellent 
education. There is a particutar need for peopte 

Inform.don S •• sion: Itow. 5, 1996 • 

of color, bilinguat speakers. and math, scielfce, 
and foreign language majors. 

To get infonnation and an apptication before 
the deadline, call us, reach us online, or COnlact 
your <;arecr placement adviser on campus. 

This is your chance to become pan of the 
nation wide movement of dynamic individuats 
who have joined Teach For America and 
assumed leadership roles in the classrooms and 
schoots across the country. Your decision will 
affect not only the rest of your life but the lives 
of many others. 

~:oo p.m. - 4:00 p.m. • SBILA R_ 

TEACHFO AMERICA 
1·800·832·1230 
.... , lllwww.t •• c .. '.r .... orlco.or' 

20? For T.A.'s thi s is a way of life. 
Unlike other workplaces, when 
T.A. 's go home, oftentimes -their 
work goes with them. When we 
asked one UCSD administrator 
what we should do about being 
overworked and underpaid , he sug-
gested that we use an egg-timer as 
a tool to judge how much time we 
give to each paper. Is that fair to u 
as employees? Is that fair to under-
graduate students? 

Job security is in no way guar-
anteed in this workplace, contrary 
to what the Guardian contends. 
Every year there is a scramble to 
acq uire jobs which will last 
throughout the academic year, and 
for many that search must happen 
again every quarter. Whether a 
blue collar worker or academic 
worker, if you don' t have a job, 
you can' t pay the renl. 

The Guardian contends that the 
jobs T.A. 's do are "learning experi -
ences" rather than "jobs." The 
Guardian would be well served to 
read the recent decisions by Cali -
fo rnia Public Employment Rela-
ti ons Board Judge James Tamm 
who ruled that the work which 
T.A.'s do is just that - work. 
Every individual who takes on a 
job learns more about that job as 
they progress. Is getting better at 
your job somehow a liability now? 

Finally, the idea that academic 

Pl:; 
, 

student employees as workers are 
only a temporary workforce and 
therefore deserve no rights in the 
workplace is ludicrous. Since 
when did duration of employment 
have anything to do with establish-
ing a non-exploilive work environ-
ment? If you feel comfortable with 
the notion of having your labor 
exploited for six or more years, 
you are welco~e to it. But do not 
trap us all into your own profes-
sional masochi sm. 

Since academic student 
employees know what our working 
conditi ons are, they were not 
swayed by your inaccurate article 
as they voted overwhelmingly to 
support the ASE' strike strategy. 
Hopefully the Guardian will edu-
cate themselves a little better next 
time about academic student 

. employment issues before they 
make such hastily conceived 
judgements about the union again . 

Anthony M. Navarrete 
Muir Writing TA 

Literature Graduate Student 

Editor 's NOle: The editorial in 
question did nOI claim that gradu· 
ate students " have it easy. " Quite 
the contrary. The anicle stated 
that "few would argue I/wt teach· 
ing assistants and other graduate-
sllIdent academic employees ha ve 
it easy . .. 

~ Master Mechanics 
Fu_/ry 0..,_ '" 0P"'·III"" . ..... " '1"11 .«(,. 01.,0 S/IIC" 1981 

" ISK a .~K MiIr 10lerval Servic('S 
" ~nu"""" OfagOO8lic. 
" Stru'A a Shoeb 1lepIa','<"rueUI 
" Eo ... " ., Traasotission IIrpair oS: Semel" 
" l'IIelloje<:liou a: Of"",,1 Service oS: Repair 
" Air Coadilioulo/l service & Repair 
" Electrical Rcpaln 
" 1lra1rr A: Clulch ilrpair 

Students, Faculty & Staff 
I'Ihuuk ~ a'f"aUabk to ~lIl1lpU.'1 

10% Viscount wilb. ("' urrcnt ID 
visa • mle . amex . d iscover· atm 

5820 al!JTOPORT Mall 450-9494 
You'll be seeing 

GREEN Find it/Sell it 
because we're READ 
The UCSD Guardian. Call 534-3466 

Guardian Classifieds 
Just fln out a form opstalrs 

- the student Center tn • -

~aw&Society 
INTERDISCIP L INARY PROGRAM 

Winter Quarter Course Offerin s 
Communication/SF 139A 

" Law, Communication, and Freedom of Expression 
DImensions of Culture (DOC) 2 

J\:Btice (Thurgood Marshall College Students) 
PoUtJcal Science 40 

Introduction to Law and Society 
PoUtJcal Science 104F . 

Constitutional Law Seminar 
Sodolof)\'B 120S 

Special Topics: Homelessness in America 
SodologWC 159 

Special Topics: Crimes Without Victims 
Women'. Studies 102 

S~ecial Topics: Gender and the Law 

..................... _ ....... 111 ......... ..,~ ...... 

..... , Ii' ,,,..,.. ........ _c........, ..... l •. 

Monday, November 4, 1996 

BROWNE: 
Libertarian will cut 
back on government 
Continued from pace 7 
. The current paradigm in politics 
IS based on a belief in the ability of 
government to find soluti.ons to 
society's problems. This reliance 
on top-down decision-making and 
planning has created a federal gov-
ernment that controls our lives and ' 
our property. Government tells us 
how to live our lives in a myriad of 
ways, from telling us that we can-
not use drugs in the privacy of our 

own homes to keeping potentially 
life-saving medications off the 
market with bureaucratic entangle-
ments. 

Perhaps the worst abuse of our 
rights has been the prohibition of 
drugs. Here again, Browne is a 
breath of fresh air. Like any ratio-
nal person, he believes the war on 
drugs has been a complete failure. 
Succeeding only in driving up the 
price of narcotics and making the 
trade in such products all the more 
lucrative and dangerous, the waron 
drugs has been used by the federal 
government as an excuse to invade 
our privacy and deny us our rights. 

The UCSD Guardian 

Browne has no interest in continu-
ing this wasteful crusade against an 
invisible enemy. Rather. he would 
legalize drugs and reaffirm a per-
son's natural right to do as he sees 
fit with his own body. 

Government has become too 
large, too powerful and too intru-
sive. Harry Browne recognizes this 
and will work to bring government 
back within its constitutionally pre-
scribed scope. 

For those interested in striking a 
blow for human freedom and a 
political renaissance, the Guardiall 
urges you to cast your vote for the 
Libertarian presidential candidate, 

SAN DIEGO PROPOSITION A SAN DIEGO PROPOSITION ( 
DYES DYES 

SAN DIEGO PROPOSITION B SAN DIEGO PROPOSITION D 

La Jolla 
EyeCare 

Oplometric Ctnter 

OPINION II 

• COlltact u,, __ u • Eye E.'l:alrIJ • 
• Fl/~bjtl" EYIt",enr frolll NI'I"'/yle. Ca"'i" K/~i", A rm,lIIi, GII~"~ • 
LATEST CONTACT LENS TECHNOLOGY 

Dr. Matthew Gentile I FOR DRY EYES 
Optometrist I procleat $110° I 

• We use 'the most I TH E WErTEST SOFr I[NSES AVA/lAatE 
recently available I FOR ASTIGMATISM CALL 
contact lens deSigns I Preference Torle FOR 
and materials. I CAISf omes, SU'f~ CO.otFOAT PRtCE 

• If you have dry I GAS PERMEABLES 
eyes. astigmatism, I Menicon 5F-P $159° or comfort I THE HIGHEST OXYGEN fE/l,MfAaU 
problems, we can I LENSES AVAIlABlE 
help you with these I FOR UV PROTECTION 
newer lenses. I PRECISION LN' $900 I -..' • • ' •• I'· • • • 'Profess ional fees extra UV ABSORBING OISfOSAatfl (4 BOX ES) 

o NO DYES 4150 RegentJ Parle Row #160 @RegentJjJ1ed etl: Minute. from UCSD ne.r Baltimore Bagel and Ben & Jtrry'. 

Health . Care/ 
INTERDISCIPLINARY PROGRAM 

Winter Quarter Course Offerings 
AnthropologylLD 22 
Contemporary Issues 22 
Psychology 168 
Psychology 1 B 1 

Cu I tural Anth ropology: Introduction 
Human Sexuality 
Psychological Disorders of Children 
Drugs and BehaVIOr . 

SOciologylL 1B The Study of Society 
Sociology 120S-Special Topics: Women and HIV/AIDS 

Psychology and Society 
ociology of the Body 

Sociology 136A SOCiology of Me nta l Illness: 
Historical Approach 

Urban Studi es & Plann ing 143 The U.S. ~ealth C<lre System 

Infor~ati.on. on specific roquir~menrs, course oHerin,s, declarations. and petitions may be obtained at the 
InterdiSCiplinary Proarams Off" •• 3238 litera lUll Blda. (second lIoor) or phillie: 534. 1704. 

XOCHICALCO 
VNIVERSITY 

Campuses in 
Ensenada and Tijuana 

Listed with W,H.O. 
Four Year Program 

V.A. and G.S.L. Approved 
Semester begins Jan 20, 1997 

Call or send away for more info 
1 (888) 429-4044 

P.O. Box 6044 . 
Chula Vista, CA 91909 

Wednesday Nov 6 
8:00 PM 

Mandeville Auditorium 

450·9400 • Mon -Ft'i • 9 a .m . - 6 

Courtesy of 

• ATlaY 

Pick Up Free Pa8Ses at 
UCSD Box Office 

12 Noon Day Before Show 
p,..,.nl«/ By 

University Event • 



12 The UCSD Guardian 

Get your submission to the Guardian office by 
Thursday, 3 p.m. (Mail code 0316) or stop in (upstairs 
in the Student Center, Bldg. A) and fill out a form 

Aead ic Senic 
Ongoing 

• Acadllmoc Internehip Pr09rem Al>PI",al""'s 
lor toeal Wtnler and oul-ot· town $pr[(\g Intern· 
shops w,II be aCCepled Monday. Oclobe< 7 throogh 
FrMlay. November 22 Stude!1lS muSI have com· 
P'eled 90 unllS. 2 upper diVISIOn courses, and 
have a mlf'l 2 5 GPA Llleralure Bldg . Room 
3255 M . T, Th, F, 8 30· 12 30 and t :00-4 00 
Wednesday. 8 30-' 00 

«SO FaocuHy Menlor P'09r .... Anant iOn lun 
IOrs and senIOr! This 15 an excltlog opportUnity 
10' you 10 w,Ok clOSelY wrth aprllOlessor In your 
majO' and giln valuable research exparl8nct 
during the academtC year To apply. pICk up an 
apphcatlOn at 501 B Unlversltv Cenler If you 
wouAd like mora ,"'ormatIOn, call5~ ·5791 Ap· 
pIicatIon_lne: Fridlly,No_15. 11HI6. 

ThUTSdIJy, Novemlw!r 7 

'Are you conelderlng • corMr In public 
_,,7 The Dtrector 01 Siudeni A"a~s, School 
01 Pubhc Health. San Doego State Un"ersity. and 
two former UCSO students who 1.'8 currentty at· 
lendWlO the UCLA School 01 PubI'" Heakh will 
hoki an tnformal sessIOn to provide ' "st.nand .n· 
10rmailOn about graduale schools' curroculum. the 
admlss.ons process, and career opponunlnllf8S 
In the publ ic health field From 11 30am· 
t23Opm , Social Sciences Bldg , Aoom 102 
OuesiiOns1 Call534· 1704 

Friday, November 8 

'A.-c Inl.,nlhlp Inlo. DIy. Drop In be-
lween 1 I 000m lAd 3 00 pm 10 hnd out aboul 
oe«tng COurse credit for In IOtemshtp i1 your field 
01 study. Simple ,mernst"ps will be IlJallabkt 
and counsefors will be on hind 10 answer ques· 
toons on Pr.,. Canler Gallery B 

Lecture 
T!Jursday, November 7 

·The Center lor the Study 01 RIce .nd Ethn"'~y 
Ind tile Ethn'" SlUdies DepI, pr • ...,t ..... HII. 
I.lnguieIics ~ ""'-oIiyol Ari&onI. 
"A Mock SpInIIh, A ~WOrcI .....- In 
A_rleen EngU.h : Ie II .. a", ' No 
"_'1", SOCIII Science Bldg .. Aoom 103 
al ' 200pm 

-All .. _ ...,. • • _dlnl 01 USD 10 
ScIHk .. UCSD AdvanCing the solrll 01 coop· 
• 'allon fha' Cln •• 'SI between Institutions of 
higher leamrng. Aloea Bovrlle Hlyes will be _ak· 
Ing ., UCSD'. ongo .. g ecum8fl",al lecture se· 
nes: "The GIOWIn oj • Le.f end 8 Life' A ScJ80-0 
Its! Reflects on FIrth- " IhI 1~1e Dr Hoyos. a bt· 
~", he. chosen lor her tallt She sees thai 
het scltlnliflc work 00 tOfces that ..,lIuene. the 
growth 01 a leal, have affected har approach 10 
ag&-OtcI quesllOOs aoout GOd With Ine leal as 
metaphor. she WIU explore how Inttuences 111 her 
life as I WOOlln, a SCtentrst. and an admlnlstr' -
lor "'omn Ind ballnce her Irt. Can (6' 9) 755· 
5357 lor In'ormahon or locate the Burke Lecture· 
shop well page al hltp./1 orph8lJS ucsd edu 1 bu"'., Sohs Han, Room 107, Thurgood Marshall 
CI'fr.!S. Free and opan to the publ",. 

Bealtll aDd Fitness 
Ongoing 

• Flu ShoI.1 StudenlS only' It StUdenl Heanhl 
G<M yours ElrIy Tu ..... yS 8· 11 :JOam and , . 
33Opm. Wednesdays ' ·3 :JOpm. 

'_1 _ Ad_ provide oulreach 
programs on' NUinhon, Fltne ... Sterss Se)Cual 
Helin, HIV. and mOJe CaN 534·2419. 

__ by Joe A ..... IO 

-fITSTOP IndfVtdual Fitness Assessmenl 81 
RIMAC's Wellne .. Aoom ev,ry Mon 6·9pm 
AppIS on walk·W'! baSIS First com., flrSI servedt 
Call 534· 1824 lor mer. "'0 Sponsored by Stu-
dent Hea~h Advocates

' 

-CPR .nd FI.I Aid CII .... al SIIIOanl Heallh 
Call 822 0085 lor detal's 

-fREE Anonymous HIV testing al Siudent 
Heatth Walk In toostgn up at Health EducatIon 
Annex· 151 IlOOr 01 Siudent Health Can 822-
0085 lor mors tnlo 

CI & illlS 
Ongoing 

-Che •• Club _ Ing '" the Inlernallonal Cen· 
ter Contorence Room (olher side olltbrary walk 
Irom Center Hall) every Tuesday a! 700 pm 
No lee, almost eveyone IS wetcome!l lrnlted 
boards and clock. so brong yoor own. 

<L.lblon Gay _lull A_Ion meets ev· 
ery Uonday at the Graduate Student 
Assocailon (to the rq,t 01 Soft Reservet) al7pm, 
Comme out and Get Involved! For MOfe rio, 
pleo .. call 534·GAVS (4297) 

.... E.CR.A . GenonI Body ~Ing. are held 
ot the Cross Cu_ural Center 9Y8ry onday al5pm 
Everyone I, welcome CH6canollalino anen-
dance IS encouraged Hope to see all of you 
Ihere 

• Greduale Gay _. Group m .. ts every 
Thu,sday at 6 30 pm '" the Old Soudonl Center 
"8" South Confer"""" Aoom. SI>onSOted by Psy· 
choIogocal and Counseling Services. 

·Alrleen·AlMflcen Student Union (AASU) 
G.neral Body Meehng al the Cross Cultur.1 
Center avery Monday even .. g (begonlng Oct. 7) 
ot 6 00 pm. 

eQo you wanl 10 have too, get In shape, and 
meet new people? Join IIIe UCSD Cycllng 
TIM! _WIgs are Thursdays at 7pm WI the • 
RIMAC Gr.." Am E-.' yoo _, _. l>II<e, 
but you wanl to rode, toin the UCSD Cycling 
Team. 

~e ~ lor Chrl81 ",v_es you to oor 
we_ly prime tlma me.ting . TUIsd.ys • 
7:30p.m . .. Cenler 1 t5. Come meet new I"ends 
Ind te.m hOw you can have a personal rela-
tIOnship ... h our LO<d. Jesus ChrISt. 

.AmnHty 1 __ IS a gIoboi orgen"a-
tion dedicated to delending humon rights, Come 
and mike. dtfference helping one person .1 • 
tme, Wednesd.ys al 630 WI the Cross CuHural 
Center 

-T.R.IE.S. Club - Tlansfer & R.Entry Sluoents 
Club meats every Wednesday al 4pm at 
Thurgood Marshall Deans 011.,. Chect< us OUIl 
Free lood!! 

-Intern.llonal Club Meehngs at 6 30pm althe 
Intemalooal Clr Lounge - A Group 01 Global 
Proportions .. 

'A"8ntlon Pr __ 11 AlpIII Epellon [)en.-
Pre-Med NatIOnal HenOf' Soclely IS now r&crult· 
,no serious students to be chanor membe,s to 
thiS new organization For more rnformauon. 
call 626-6149. 

• The lea !lUting Club .. UCSD SIuoIe s..-
alon , AU levels welcome. Meetallce Chalel at 
7:JOpm every Wednesday CIUI> member. re· 
ce ..... e discount For more II"Itormaleon, ca. 534-
4037 

-Sludlnl Envlronmenlel Aellon CommIlIM 
(SEAC) meets every Wednesday It 4pm in Am. 
202 in !he Old Studenl Center. OuestlOnS call 
534·1009 

'LHbi.,.. .nd BiMXU" Women'. Group. Tuesday 
eve""'Os at 7 00 .. lhe Internel Aoom (FormerlY !he 
gradulte $luclenl unIOn 0".,. ) II the Old Studenl Cen 
ler) 

·Join thl Ballroom Danc. Club lor weeklY Fun .. s· 
Slons evel)/ Friday from 3·5pm In lhe Rec Gym 
Come 10 leam, practlC., but most of all nave fun It s 
fl ee and beginners are always welcome! 

-UCSD CloIhlng Oriv. lor the HomoI.ss 01 SIn 
DIego Localoon I' at the Pr.,. Plaza (Nov 4,5,7) 
from 11am-~ and Gilman InformallOO booth (Nov 
, .7) Irom 4-6pm All cIoIhtng goes 10 St Voncenl De 
Plul Homeless Shelter 

'JoIn ilia Nallonol Honor Society Of P.ychology, 
Pal Chi . PICk up an appllCahon al the Psychok>gy 
Dept .1 McGill Annex Appl",alons aro due Novem· 
b ... 5th by 4 00pm 0 Psych. DePI or the PSI Chi 
Mall Box 0 5hliloor McGill Hall 

Tuesdlly, November 5 

oO_llon. Ibout medical school _ .. lon.1 
Wall, get yoor answer. Irom an exPOrtl Dr. Aobert 
Resnld<, Associate Dean lor AdmISSionS UCSD Medi· 
cal School Will be available kJ Inswer your quesll()/'lS 
at noon Sponsored by lhe Hea~h Profes."",s Pro-

~am . 

·Electlon Walch wit" Hillel. So"'a Barbara Room 
II Pr",e Cenler Come watch the resuh. and eal p0p-
corn Irom 7'30-IO'JOpm 

'Flrsl, we ... t to thank all tile poopIe who __ 
10'" UCSD All Cempue __ . Your 
_rt IS grNtlY apprecoated. There Wi ll be a Gen· 
er.I _ong lorMghI, II 7pm in Peterson 104. Come 
help make I dtffer.-.cet 

Wednesday, November 6 

of_ Pild Thall Come chili wit do TMi Cullural 
ClUII. Tontgl1l '" the Pr"'e Center Senta Barbara/Los 
Angeles Rm al 7pm. Learn 10 mIke Kratongthai 
Croffsl Ft.f11 Funl Funl 

o()pportunitH In Dln1ls1ry·Fllturong Dr. Cherles 
Aleocandar lor UC Sin FranClSCO School 01 Denlistry. 
Dr AlaK8nder will m_e a shon presentatIOn .nd . n-
s .... r all yoor questIOnS at 3 .3Opm. 

Fridlly, November 8 

of'rH)onl8l SodIIy. Tooth Carving SeSSIOn in Gal· 
iefy A (Price Cenlor) at 7pm. Please bring your own 
pocI<et kn~e. 

Religious Services 
Ongoing 

• Ca_a Cru ..... lor eMal invite. you 10 our 
weekly prime tim e meallng . fWery TueSday 
.7 30p m Kl Censer 115 Come meet new fn.nds 
and lIam how you can have a personal re laUonshp 
wt1h our Lord. Jesus ChriSt 

.The Navl8glorl ' CM.tiln Flilowehlp lorge ~oup 
meeung (aka ' AallY') • The RIMAC Conlorence 
Room ('th 11OOr) at 7.3Opm every Wednesday. 

·The EpI.eopot SIUdentS Auocllflon meelS ev· 
ery Wednesday .... WIg 5·6 30pm ., lhe Inlernatoonal 
Siudent Centor Conlerence Aoom lor Inlormal com· 
muruon. Chnstlan diSCUSSIOn, and free dtnner. Stu· 
clenls. Facuity, 51a« welcome 

-The 0111 .. of Aeligioue AII8I,, · Unrversity C.",,, 
502, ext. 42521 I. here 10 .erve you. An Interlalth 
011.,. to help you connect and be the besl you can 
be Referrals to all rehgK>us groups 

oCatIIoIIc: _e· Every Tuesday It 5pm. A shorIer, 
more rollecllYO celbration than on Sunday. I>J UnI· 
versity Luth ... n Church , 9595 LI Jolla Shores Drive 
(SW corner 01 N Torrey P""s Rd & Lo Jolla Shores 
Dr ·Across Irom Aevelle 'campus.). 

~ MMe· Every Wednesday al 9:JOpm. 
A r.nee ....... and mlidttau". C.lhoIlC cabllton II mid· 
"'"" At Un .. ersity Lutherln Church. 9595 La Jolla 
Shoros Drive (SW corner 01 N, Torrey Pines Ad. & La 
Jotll Shores Of ·Across from Revelle campus.). 

-Catholic _e· Ev.ry Thursday at 5pm A shorter, 
more rellect",. cobralton Ihan on Sunday. AI Uni· 
verStIY Luther.n Church. 9595 La JoUa Shores Dr"e 
(SW corner 01 N Torrey PtneS Rd & La Jolla Shores 
Dr ·Across Irom Aevelle campus.). 

'Thuradly Studonl Dinner - Every ThursMlay at 6pm. 
Jo .. Ihe Cathol", Student CommuMy·. -IY galh· 
errng GOOd food, good company, hvely converse· 
loon. OnlY $2 Al Un",erSily Lutheran Church. 9595 
La JOlla Shores Drrv. (SW corner 01 N. Torrey Pln.s 
Rd & La Jolla Shores Dr.-Atrosslrom R8\lelle cam· 
pus.). 

-CaIIoollc ..... . Every Sunday at S. t5lm, 5pm. 
7pm. 9pm. Jorn"s lor a ""elY and lalth·IIUed cal· 
Ibrltion of Word and Eucharist! At Untverslty 
Lutherln Church, 9595 La JOlla Shores DrIVe (SW 
cornor 01 N TorrlY Pms Ad. , La JoIII Shores Dr -
Across Irom Revill. campus .) 

Twsday, October 29 
~Cru_'_Ch"'l'e~Eat_. 
e""",..".,.s, . nd IelsonS Irom HOllywood, S-oal 
gueste' George _rn !rom -Father 01 the Bride-
and -Adventures In Babys,HIfIO- '1ong wtlh aClor/pro-
ducer John Shepard. 1:JOpm at Center HaU 115 

Services and Worksbops 
Ongoing 

_or • Roc_ lob _h help Irom a I>role.· 
ilOnll in your taltd al'Tanged by I e.,eer adVISor PICk 
up an apphCallOf"llt Career Services Ref Room 

oSlGI Plu • • SofIw ....... '" you ...... your val· 
"" and tnterest. and generales car .. r OPtIOnS, lo-
ca ted al e,r"r SaMe ••. admllStCn " S 1 0 00 

"'r""'o_al end Grad ..... School Advialng .1 
elf"r ServICes Make an aOOOlrllmeni tor .ndrvldual 
alll/lS"g by c''''''g 534 4939 

-F,.. Tout. Of UCSO a re off.red ttllt laU B~h mlfH .. 
v.n .nd walk.ng tour • • ra hillab .. on al1.rnatlng 

Monday, November 4, 1996 

the wee {ly 
CALENDAR 

Sunday. startrng at 2;00 pm Irom the South Gilman 
InfOfmatK>n PaVilIOn Reservations are necessary, 
and may be made by calling 534·44 14 

.ar.due .. Women'. Group· 1003 GaUJratlh Hall 
Leaders Equllta Luke, 534-0248 and PeS Inlem 
Call Equo"alor a pre-groop appolnlmenl WedneS· 
days. 4 OOp.m -6 00p m 

·LlllnolChlc.no .upport group. Wednesdays 
3.00-4:00".m in Ihe HaW·Dome lounge In the M~u 
Apartmants. Leaders Reina Juarez. 534·3875 ana 
Dan Munoz. 534·025 t. 

-Women Medicil Students Will meal at the 
Women 's Centor Bldg 407 university Center 
Wednesdays 12 00-1 00pm Lead by Reona Juarez , 
534·3875. 

·What'. Lov. Got 10 Do With II? Wednesdays 
4'30·6 '00" m. ot 32'81 L~ . Bldg Warren College. 
leaders: lindA Young . 534-3 987 and Byr on 
Bloemer, 534· 1725. Call linda or Byron 10 .ogn up. 

-BrMking Up Ie H.,d 10 00. Thursdeys 4:00-
5 00p m. 81 3248 lit. Bldg 0 Warren College. 
Loader Unda Young. 53<1·3981 Coli Unda to sq,-
up and to get a start date 

'PrlCllca your VI ........... spMking end reid-
ing .klli. and 5ealn about Vietnamese cuhure white 
meet'"9 loIlow students and haVing lunl Come to 
the Vtetnamese language Table every Friday Irom 
2·3pm above PC theo're 

__ Counseling II IIIe _ W...,.,.'. Canil<. 
Hours TBA. For an appointment or more Informa ~ 
tlOn call LindSay Calderon 0534·6493 or Byron 
Bloemer 0 534 · 1725. 

~ndlVlduai Peer Counselrng at the Women's Cen· 
tor. Drop in between lpm and 4.3Opm on Wednes-
dayS or bet_ 1 pm and 3 JOpm on Thursdays ro 
schedule In apporntmentlor stated limes ro an_ 
time. Call 833-0074 and leave a mesSlige lor Irene 
or JesSICa. 

~'-Gly_.Iao.uaI-,·.~ 
Gr_: We Irel "'""IY, onlormal, condiential group 
where students can discuss Issues and share con-
oems Led by Peer Counsek>fs who are students 
lust Ioke your .... Meets WI South Conlerenoce Aoom 
every Wednesday al 7pm. Sponsored by Psycho· 
Iogtcal and Coun.eling Services 534·3755 cal lor 
directions, 

-campus Blaock Forum meet. aI 4: 15pm on Fn-
deys II the Cross Cultural Center 510 UC load-
ers: Phil", Aaphaal, 534-0252. and LWlda Young, 
534· 3987 . 

.araduete Women In Science mee1S Mondays at 
12 00pm on 2t01 HSS. Leader Aetna Juarez, 534 · 
3875 

'Parenting Support Grpup meets Thursdays at 
12 00pm In Ihe Women's Center Led by Rema 
Juarez, 534·3875 and Mlche.I DeManla. 534·598' 

Stlturd6y, November 9 
·Tropicallllh. _II .... and oIlIIr ma,lna organ. 
Isms Will be brought 10 Irte on colOrtui prtnts dumg 
a special workshop r1trodudng the anetant an ~ fish 
and nature prtn' W1g. This unIQue class Is belng.of· 
lered Irom 9:3Oam· 12:3Opm. by Ihe Such Aquanum 
at ScripPS Instltution,of Oceanography. 

• A .. you considering lpplying to UCSD lor Fall , 
1"71 ElCPiore the University 01 Cal~ornla . Sin Di· 
ego. on 'Prevtew Day: Salurday, toaay lrom 81m 10 
3 JOpm. High.!iChooi and Community College Irons· 
fer sludents. and parents. can meet studants. 
faculty,and staft and amend. variety of presenta-
hons For lOformauon c811534·-4831 . 

Sunday, November 10 
'A beach OIcursion dHlgned 10 Introduce _ 
echooland kIndlrger10n cIIMdren to IIIe wondlre 
011111 along .... OIIge o1111e ... IS ""ing oIIer80 
Irom 2·3.3Opm. sponsored by the Brrch Aquarium 
31 Scropps Insl~lution 01 Oceanograpny. TIcIepooling 
fo, Tots leaches Children about the manne hfe tnat 
thrrves in lhe harsh condlttons oIltde pools at South 
Cardiff Stato Beach Fee 10rlhe class $ t1 per aduH 
and 57 "'" Child (ages 4 -kindergartan). Advance 
regtSlratiOl1 IS reqUired Enrollment IS Irnrfed For 
mOfe informallOn, call the BtrchAQU8r!um 81 5<:rtops 
al 534·7336. 

Events & Recreation 
Ongoing 

'JoIn the •• IIrOl)rl1 D.ne. Club lor weeklY Fund 
Sosston. every Fllday starttng Oct ISlorm 3·5 pm 
In tho Rac Gym Come to learn . practICe but most 
01 all 10 have fun. U's Irbe and begW1ners are alwavs 
welcome 

Monday, November 4 
• The In_1onII A"aI" Group _11 . panel 
drscuss"", -The 1996PrOlidentoaIEIectIOn: Whrch 
candida", Will 00 mora lor Sluctents? Are prop 209. 
and2tO good lor studenlS? UCSD Republocansand 
Democrats Will debale these and OIher ISSueS. p~ 
per Canyon Lodge. 8pm. 

Thursday, November 7 
oUCSO to prlMnt Tin. MO<IO"I PIIOlogrlpllle 
Emfbftlonl: recently d iscovered, unpublished 
works included. Opening lonlghl 01 Ihe UniverSIty 
Art Gallery, UCSO, IS T .. a MOdoltl SeIect80 Pho· 
tographs, This eIChlbllion. along the the concurrent 
Dear lIoclO Photographs by Tina Moooni. "III 
pro.ent more Ihan 120 worl<s by and about the early 
20th cantUI)/ phologrophlr T",a _t, 

Friday, November 8 
_ .... AuIt'Ior, Allan Gl"ard. MO anO Co-IU' 
thor of LNKlQ Well WIth HIV and NPS Will appear 
,nd discus. hlS ~ Don-t mill IhrS If'IformatlYe 
evenl gOing on from ~ ·Sam UCSO Dowmown 
Book tora 

-The Commi"M lor Wortd Democrlcy Educa-
tional Films Serial presents. "The Decllneal West-
em ClVIllzatton- al Pelerson Hall loa a1 7pm 

-Manhattan Tap: MandeVille Audltonum 0 UCSO 
at 8I>m ThiS Iroups and theu cohorts. The Hard 
Bop TrIO, have been bnngtng down hOuses for Ine 
pest 8 years. They're sassy, streelwl5e. htgh·volt· 
age, end thoroughly modem. TtCI<et Prices: Gan· 
er.I AdmiSSIOn 52' 00: Sr. Crtizens: $19.00: ond 
Studenls $15.00. 

Saturday, November 9 
-Torrey Pin" State Reswv. restor.lion proiect 
Come h-'P out With traIl brushrng and res1oratlon. 
non-nahlJe plant removal and traSh removal from 
Sam-2pm For more Info call SEAC at 534 -7909. 

-Shebbllt Hik.. Come 8pprec~te the beauty of 
neture 01 12.3Opm. Call Hillel lor meehno place on 
campus. 534·252t 

Other 
Ongoing 

-slGI Plul- Software helps you assess your values 
and Interests and generates career options, Loca· 
Iton: Career ServICes Admissoo: $10.00. 

of'rofossional and GtIdua1. School Advl.lng· 
Make an lPPOintment lor Wldtvldual advising by call· 
tng 534·4939. Localoon: Career Canter. 

__ 'Roc""e fOIl search help Irom • prolesslonal 
in you held arranged by career advisor Pd up an 
applocallOn al Car •• r Services Ael. Aoom. 

Monday, November 4 
• ~I: "aoctice you, ,"I.,vlewing SkiIJJ 
lor employment See yourself on video and "". 
prove your Int9rv'SWing skill. Sign up in advance lor 
this 2·hour worl<.hop. ~ .3pm at Career ServiceS 

~n .. rviIw SkHI. lor A .... Hurnonitiet, .nd Com-
municltlone How to market yourseN tn an Inter-
Y!8W, common Queshons asked, and how to prepare 
11 am at Career Services. 

Tuesday, November 5 
oGrldUiIe Study In _Ine Biology .nd BloI09I· 
eel OCHnographv. PreparatIOn. schOol selection, 
admiSSIOn clnena, appllcalion procass, and more 
2 :30pm at Career ServtCes. 

-Int.rview .kill. tor Bu.in.... How 10 market 
yoursetf 1118 n Ifllervtew. common QuestlQr"ls askeo, 
and how to prepare 11 _3Oam at Career ServtCes. 

Wednesday, November 6 
-Resume for Human Service. and Socii' Sci· 
.nce • . Leam how 10 creale a resume ,nat WIll gel 
you Ihe interview I thiS hands·on workshop 1.3Opn 
at Career ServtCes 

-Identifying your car .. r in Communic.tion end 
Art.. Combines sell·assessment with ,nformation 
about specific jobs In this occupational area 11am· 
12 30prn al Career Servoces. 

Thursday, November 7 
-law SChoollnlormotion Fair. Meet ",lormollY With 
admi5sk)ns representatIVes from law schools natKln* 
wide to $earn about programs and apphcalton pro--
cedures. 11 ·2pm al Career Services. 

• c-r ElplOf'Ilion P ..... : TIll StudiY _ PrIC-
II .. 01 Law. A panel leatur",o prole.soonals WI Ih9 
Ikttd d iSCUSses career optIOnS and graduate educa· 
lion In the l teld 2 30pm al Career Services. 

Friday, November 8 
'Appllcation ... les: LIIIors and E ... yo. Gradu· 
atefProfesSKJnaf school applicants leam how 10 write 
application esSllys. obtain le«ers 01 recommenda· 
lion, and u,e the re'emoce file service 12pm at 
Career ServICes. 

-Job S.arch Strategies for Technology .nd 
PIIyeicef Sclene" Leam successlul straleg les lor 
locating a Job InclucMg nelwork.n9. lO:3Oam at 
Career ServICes 

The WEEKLY. 
CALENDAR 
is always looking 

for illustrations and 
photographs from 

the UCSD population. 
Bring your work to 

the Guardian office 
and weill look it over! 

·Monday. November 4, 1996 The UCSD Guardian OPINION 13 

COMMENTARY: Those who oppose current attempts to repeal affirmativeaction and other mi guided 
racial-preference programs are the people who are really guilty of practicing the politics of r.acial divi ion 

ANTI-CCRI FORCES PRACTICE REAL RACISM 
By Chris Schreiber 
EdiCor in Chief 

A long time ago. in a galaxy 
amazi ngly simi lar to thb one, peo-
ple could hold rational , Intellectual 
discussions on political mailers 
while showing basic respect for 
their opponent, and keeping the 
discussion focused on the i sues. 
However, that time is onl y a distant 
memory in today's mudslinging, 
logic-be-damneu inte ll ectual envi -
ronment. 

who tried to impugn my character 
with ad hominem charge of raCism 
and blatant distortions of my argu-
ments. One reader went so far as to 
claim that I mai ntained the inherent 
superiority of one race over others. 

Anyone who read my article 
would realize that the charge is 
simply false . However. it does lead 
one to look into where racism actu-
ally does find a home in thi s 
debate, 

Proponents of 209 
believe that 
Individuals, given 
freedom and 
equality under the 
law, are capable of 
achieving anything, 
regardless of race, 
creed or religion. 

The other week, I tried to pre-
sent an argument in favor of Propo-
sition 209, the Californ ia Civil 
Rights Initiati ve (CCRI), Immedi-
ately I was . greeted by squealing 
and gnashing-of-teeth from soci-
ety's professional caterwaulers, 

Let's take a look at the two posi -
ti ons concerning racial-preference 
programs. and decide which of the 
arguments is racist. The proponents 
of Proposi tion 209 want people to 
be judged as indi vi dual before the 
law. They are also for individuals 
being judged on individual acwm-

plishments, merit and behavior. as 
opposed to being placed into arbi -
(rary categories and subjected to 
differing standards based upon the 
co lor of their skin or which 
rc troolll they use. Treating indi-
vidua ls as individuals rather than 

~;;-, 
DESIGN I 

. .. . ~, ... ~ . .. 

College Ig uesday§! 
* Dancina! Pool!· Darts! . NTN Trivia! * 

$250 ... < 'P" - 22-oz. Mondo Bre~s -" 
$2°0 _ Pints, Wells. [, House Wine UTe AcroSS from Mann Theaters 415-0420 011 .r HlChIlnd. 792-8131 ClaIremont Towne Sq .... 214-2600 

Tiefr_ta Gateway 268-4423 
MIrII Me .. ~t 566-6100 

Mission Valle, Cent., 293-3355 
Horton Plu. 239-2363 

PMkw.y Plaza 440-4488 

I 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
-. 

• 
• 
• 
• 

8657 Villa La Jolla Drive -211 
Upstairs from the AMC 12 Theatres 
Call (619) 150-DINE L Mu st present cou pon . EKp . 11/ 14/96 .J 

--------

• 
• 

Tuesday, November 5th i a very important day for California 
and the country. You are asked to participate in determining the 
future of this country, and closer to home, the future of 
California. There are several important issues on the ballot, 
issues which require you to be accurately informed and engaged, 
Please con ider the issues carefully before forming an opinion . 

I encourage you to vote on Tue day, November 5th . Your vote 
will make a difrerence. Decisions will bl! made with or without 
your involvement. Therefore, please vote. And encourage your 
friends, family and neighbor to vote . 

Be a part of shaping your future and that of California. 

PoIU .. place 
R.v .... CoIIe 

on campus: 
e· For ..... Loun.. • 

M II' eo .... · pwb ...... Loung_ 
PrIce c-. Ballroom 

Sincerely, 
Robert C. Dynes 
Chancellor 

categorlllng thelll into artificia ll y 
con~tructed group, i, actually the 
antithesis or the deli nit ion of di s-
Uri mination. 

These ra 'ia ll y defined . groups 
are nothing III ore than labels 
all ached to group, of individllal~, 
each of wholl1 has his own particu-
lar beliefs and motivations. These 
beliefs and moti vation are _haped 
by a variety or fartors . and can in 
no justifiable way be solely allrib-
uted 10 and grouped under the ban-
ner of race. 

Proponents of 209 believe that 
individuals. given freedom and 
equa lity under the la w, are rapable 
of achievi ng anything. regardless 
of race. creed or reli gion. They do 
not assume equal starting posi tions 

STATE~OF~ THE~ART 
BODY CARE CL\\ IC 

in thi s race - wc are a society with 
capi tali st tendencie" and we don't 
believe in puni hing people for 
achievi ng at a higher rate than soci-
ety in general. But we do believe in 
the inherent abi lity of the individ-
ual to beller hi , position through 
hard work and innate talents , 

Now, the other sidc of the argu-
ment. Their rrgullIent says that 
individuals or certain race ', 
grouped together because of their 
race, cannot succeed in our socicty 
without special preferences, Tho~c 
who disagree with thi s proposit ion 
are deemed raci st and accused of 
re legating whole rat.:e, 10 poverty 
and underclas. tatus, 

There are only two beliefs that 
See RACE, Page 15 

• PERMANENT HAIR REMOVAL • THERAPEUTI MA AGE 
• PERMANENT MAKEUP \ ' 

Remove Unwanted l 
Hair Permanently! . . I " 

Professional'fast 'safe'comfortable 

wel'come to the 
DOLLHOU E 

, 
J 

6: "00 PM 
PC THEATER 

MOVIE 

i' TIME TO K ILL! 
with 0 Generation 

nF!nF!ral admission 



14 ,_ SPQRTS The UCSD Guardian Monday. November 4. 1996 

graduate school at EDITORIAL ON STRIKE WRONG 
( 0 Ii for n i 0 S fo feU n i V e r sit y 
.. (hico 

Quality education today, for quality 
jobs tomorrow! 
Visit our table at 

Graduate School Information Day 
November 6th at UCSD 

Patricia Roberts Harris fellowships 
available! 

http://www.csuchico.edu 
916.898-5391 

Study Japanese this Summer 
in Tokyo and in Oregon! 

The nine-week 1997 Waseda/Oregon Summer Program 
(June 20-Aug. 23) offers Japanese language (all levels) 
and courses in Economics, Art & Design and Culture & 

Society. Earn 14 semester credits (21 quarter). Wilderness 
trip included. Prior Language study NOT required. 

Scholarships available! 

Waseda/Oregon Summer Program 
222 S. W. Columbia Street, Suite 1750 

• Portland, OR 97201 
opiejapan@aol.com (800) 823-7938 

http://www.lclark.edul-iso/japanljapan.html 

U[~IQVt 0[~(~ Q[tl'U[~[lY 

Editor: 
I am writing in response to the 

editorial in the GUlJrdian urging lhe 
graduate student union nOl to strike 
("Graduate Student Union Should 
VOle No On Strike." Guardian, 
Oct. 31). This editorial claimed that 
"Few would argue that teaching 
assistants and olher graduate-stu-
dent academic employees have it 
easy." This is cenainly true, but the 
anicle continued: "Considering the 
temporary nature of their stay here. 
graduate tudents have no reason to 
view their academic teaching posi-
tions as careers. They are here for a 
few years before they move on to 
bigger and better things. They do 
not need a union." 

Are you implying that since we 
are only exploited temporarily. that 
this exploitation is excusable or 
even just? 1 hardly think that is an 
cthical po Ilion to take. 

Also. what exactly do you mean 
by "bigger and better thing ')" 
True, some of us wi II be able to 
lind jobs immediately when we lin-
ish our programs. However, many 
of us won't. This is not because 
thosc who don ' t are somehow 
untalented or lalY. h is because 
there are far fewer jobs right now, 
particularly tenure- track jobs. than 
there are people with doctorate . 
Why do departments keep accept-
ing so many students when there is 
no hope ofplacmg Ihem all in johs? 

Becau~e the unrversity needs our 
labor - it need graduate Mudcnts 
10 teach writing programs and large 
lecture classes. to serve as research 
assislants and to help professors 

t'O l'hltHtU?hlt ll~ t~tV{ Q0UltB t 
tl~~ltUtltU ~y l~Qltl\'ltl~ UtB~ tlUd~l~tLLQll 
IIER8ERT r: fORt' 

WINTER QUARTER 1997 

STPA 100 - SEMINAR IN I 
SCIENCE, TECHNOLOGY, AND PUBLIC AFFAIRS 

~~~~~" 

Readers' Forum 

grade papers. In what other indus-
try do you routinely find people 
with eight to ten or more years of 
higher education and several 
degrees working for less than 
$ 14,000 a year with no benefits and 
no guarantee of ummer employ-
ment? 

Improving conditions for gradu-
ate students will only improve con-
ditions for all students in the uni-
versity. Graduate slUdents do 40 
percent of the teaching. Undergrad-
uates will undoubtedly benefit 
from reduced class sizes, which i 
one of the long-term goals of the 
graduate-student union, as well as 
from having graduate- tudent 
instructors who are treated In a just 
manner by their emJlloyer. 

Grace Kyungwon Hong 
Literature Department 

Editorial Misstated 
TO Alcohol Polley 
Editor: 

Lately the Guardian has 
focused on TGs and the absence or 

beer as well as the low attendance 
at our first TO ("Change in Policy 
Needed to Bring Life Back to 
TOs," GUlJf(Jian, Oct. 17). I'd like 
to point out thaI the A.S. Program-
ming Board never decided to stop 
serving free beer at our TOs. When 
the executive budget was adopted 
last year, the Programming Office 
included the cost of having a beer 
garden at TOs. so the stalements 
made in the GUlJrdian were obvi-
ously incorrect. 

Beer was not present al our first 
TO because having free beer at 
TOs obviously increases the cost of 
production by thousands of dollars. 
We can not afford to have beer at 
every one of our TGs. 

The Programming Office plans 
to serve beer at least once per quar-
ter at TGs where the board feels 
that most students would come out 
to sec the artists . It just so happens 
that at this quarter's second TG. on 
Nov. 8. we will be serving beer. I 
urge the Guardian not to panic 
again and print misleading articles 
ab ut the absence of the beer gar-
den. 

Kathy Lee 
A.S. Commissioner 

Programming 

Ediror's Note: Ollr editorial did 
nor meall ro ill/ply thaI A.S. had 
decided ro stop serving alcohol 
entirely, alrhollgh, judging from 
rhe response of some readers, il 
seems that 's exaclly wilar sOllie 
srudellts Llllder 21 would like 10 
see. The Guardian regrers any lIIis-
IIn(ierstandillg. 

~ YfflA. I;' 
Vla~~ \ 

iti 
-: f '. 

m'I' •• ., 
; 
i 

drCl~cl 6pe~ift.g 
. 't'U.JdClY, 
W'ov_ber !j 

('f"r •• 4iV4PClW"ClYJ/) 

• 

J",t ~ Jk Jt(~ 
~t the 'Price Cet\,tft'. COURSE CODE: 274768 

TUESDAY/THURSDAY 4:00 • 5:20 P.M. 
YORK4050A l'hinking /\bout (ictting an 

\ /) I~ : \ '? 
This seminar will deal with the histOrical, political, and 

ethical questions Involved with the development of nuclear 
weapons, long-range missiles, and space exploration. 

The 20th century has seen Incredible advances In the areas 
to be discussed In the serwlnar. Professor York, a leading 

participant In theM areas, will make his own personal 
observations available to UCSD students. 

ANY QUESTIONS: 534-3311 
OR COME TO ROOM 1512, GALBRAITH HALL 

PREREQUISITE: UPPER DIVISION STANDING OR CONSENT OF INSTRUCTOR 

Average score inlprovement of 80 points 
Maximum class size of 15 (We guarantee!) 
Free extra help with your instructor 
Instructors who are EXPERTS at the GMAT 
All materials are yours to keep 
Satisfaction guaranteed 

558-0500 

Monday, November 4, 1996 

RACE: 
Preferential policies 
are discriminatory 
Continued from pace 13 
can be used to justify this position. 
The first is that members of these 
races are somehow una~le to com-
pete. due to some inherent cultural 
or genetic factor. This would be 
classic racism, which is antithetical 
to the individual-rights position, 
but seems to find an accommodal-
ing ideological roost among the 
proponents of racial preferences. 

The other justification, which is 
much more prevalent among tho e 
who advance racial-preference pro-
grams, is "institutional racism." 

The racial-preference programs, 
we are told, are necessary to defeat 
"institutionali zed racism" that is 
claimed to be omnipresent in our 
society. Most people just accept 
this claim of institutionalized 
racism without demanding empiri-
cal evidence for it. Many other fac-
tors, the most important of which 
are individual preferences, cultural 
values and statistical variance, can 
lead to such a disparity. and none of 
these have been conclusively or 
even cursorily eliminated. 

Many times. those who advance 
the position that such preference 
are necessary don't even try to 
make sensible rationales for their 
positions . Take the case of 
Supreme Court Justice Harry 
Blackmun. The best rationale he 
could come up with for justifying 
the preference system was oxy-
moronic. 

Blackmun ' opinion in UC 
Regenrs v. Bakke stated: "In order 
to get beyond racism, we first must 
take account of race. There is no 
other way. And in order to treat 
some persons equally. we must 
treat them differently." Orwell 
would have loved that one. 

Not only is thi s oxymoronical 
double-speak, it also perfectly 
squares with the definition of di s-
crimination - treating people dif-
ferently due to some arti fi cial 
group designation. 

Racial-preference programs are 
obviously discri minatory. 
Unproved general claims of racial 
disc rimination in society will not 
be accepted as justification for 
social engineering designed to 
"level the playing field ." The bur-
den of proof lies with those who 
wish to keep their program of 
racial bias and discrimination and 
continue stomping on the individ-
ual rights of others. 

Remember, society's joh is not 
to enforce an equality of results. It 
is to open opportunitic to competi-
tion fr m all sources, 'and award 
those opportunities to those who 
are best qualified, regardless of 
race, creed or religion. In doing 
thi s, the maximum benefit is 
attained by all parties. 

If you don' t think that ociety is 
doing an equitable job of providing 
opportunity. fi Il the problem at the 
source. 

Society should concentrate on 
building better schools. 'openi ng 
them up to market forces to allow 
the best possible education to be 
provided to all. and eliminating the 
bureaucratic waste that takes dol -
lars earmarked for the classroom 
and wastes them on never-ending 

bureau~ratic expansion. This and 
other agendas are what must be 
pursued to provide opportunity for 
everybody. We mu t stop endorsing 
strategies that try to pu II the top 
down, and stan trying strategies 
designed to lift the bottom up. 

The UCSD Ouardian 

stop by the 
INTERNATIONAL CENTER 
(across from Center Hall on Library Walk) 
for Coffee and Croissants 

and Music.and Information 

Thursday, November 7 
8:30-11 :OOam 

OPINION 15 

~ ~----------------------------~ University of California Education Abroad Program GREAT OPPORTUNITY 
GREAT EXPERIENCE 
GREAT BRITAIN & IRELAND 

Academic year abroad through the 
U.C. Education Abroad Prognm (EAP) 

• 'Earn 'll.C. Crdit 

HURRY! 
The UK/Ireland 

Application deadline 
is soon! 

APPLICATION 
DEADLINE 

Friday, Nov. 8, 1996 

Study a year at a 
Japanese University! 

UC Education Al:7road Program (EAP) 
in Tokyo: Tokyo U., Sophia U., ICU, IUC Tokyo, 
Inst. of Technology, Tsukul:7a U. 
Kyoto: Doshisha U., Kyoto U. 
Sendai: Tohoku U., plus Tohoku U. 
Engineering sem. & year 
Osaka: Osaka U. 

• Earn UC credit ';, 
• $1500-$3200 automatic scholarships 
• Many other scholarships available 
• Application Deadline: Noveml:7er 8, 1996 

Please make an a ppointm{~nt for more information 
and a licatlOns 

YOU Can Afford to Study Abroad 
V' At UCSD, students access over $200,000 in 

scholarship support awarded only to students 
studying abroad, including: 
$ EAP General/Alumni scholarships ranging from 
$250-$2,000. 
$ Special scholarship funds assist minority 
students . 
$ Automatic EAP scholarships are available to 
students who study in the Pacific Rim region . 
$ Other scholarships offered by campus and 
community organizations are also available. 

V' Scholarships are available to students not currently 
on UC financial aid . 

V' UC financial aid applies while abroad. 
V' It's less expensive to study on EAP in many 

countries than to study on a UC campus. 

Invest in your future. 
You can't afford not to. 

For information contact the Programs Abroad Office 

EXPERIENCE 
SINGAPORE 

THE HUB OF SOUTHEAST ASIAN 
COMMERCE, FINANCE, TECHNOLOGY 

AND EDUCATION ... 
Study at the National University of Singapore through the 
University 01 California Education Abroad Program. Full year 
and Semester programs now available! 
The EAP program at the National University of Singapore offers 
courses in a wide range of fields, including: 

• Biology 
• Business 
• Economics 
• Sociology 
• Southeast Asian Studies 

Earn UC Credit 
UC Financial Aid Applies 
Scholarships Available 

APPLICATION DEADLINE: 
FRIDAY, NOV. 18 

I 
" 

Prll".' AlIr .... attic. • IntIFnatlo .. ' Cllt" '0" Llbra.y Walk. • Call 534-1123 for lafor.ltlon 
Ib .. III@ICId .• du S.L~Od S 



J/f 

16 Sf _ ~~~TS 
The UCSD Guardian Monday, November 4, 1996 

~Ia .. 

Amy Anshutz 

Brenda Avery 

Anne Barbaria 

Ana Bohling 

laney Cline 

Stephanie Friedman 

Maggie Hicks 

Agnes Koeot 

Catherine lee 

Jill lucks 

Shannon Nowell 

Shauna O'Brien 

Christina Searing 

Corney Anne Small 

Julie Tsi 

GRAND: Tritons 
punctuate regular 
season with 4-0 win 
Continued from page 24 
comer kick from the left nag sailed 
into the penal! y box area. where 
Shelbi Thiele soared above every-
one el e and headed the floating 
pa s into the back of the net for her 
sixth goal of the year and a 1-0 lead. 

"[This game) prepared us for 
the possible playoff game against 
Cal Lu [on Wedne day) ." senior 
mid fi elder Brandie Hayungs. "Our 
real season is the playoffs and that 
start on Wednesday." 

buried the dish past Freund for her 
fifth score of the year. 

The score stayed thc sall)e until 
late in the second half, when Lauren 
Johnson notched her first of two 
goal on the night. Wemmerdribbled 
past her Antelope defender on the 
left nank and crossed a ball to the 
middle of the 18-yard box, where 
10hnson deposited. the pass past 
Freund for a 3-0 advantage. 

Lauren added her 19th goal of 
the year in the 89th minute, recerv-
ing a sweet pa ss from junior 
mid fielder Toni Nunez. 

"II was frustra ting al first," 
Nunez said. "We' re just trying to 
prepare for Wednesday ' s game and 
we needed to stay patient today." 

Alii Maclsaac/ Guardian 

• flilD% HUD.S. 
After nOlching their first goal, 

the Tritons did nOI take long before 
tallyingtheirnexi score. One minute 
after the first goal , senior forward 
Ele 10hnson stormed down the righl 
sideli ne and crossed a perfect ball to 
a streaking Christa Wemmer, who 

Even though the Tritons waxed 
the Regal 5-0 earlier in the year, 
the NCAA has matched the top 
two teams from the West, UCSD 
and Cal Lu, against each other in 
the first round of the playoffs. 

Joy: UCSD 's Lauren Johnson 
(right) exults after scoring her 
second goal of the game. 

COSTA 8505 Cosla Verde Blvd. • 587-4844 
V~RDE ~ "UC$D 
C~\k W ASil WE RECYCLE ' 

OUR WATER 

.. 
II: 

i 
:' 

IE: 

III J..aJ LI [v 1111 •• ku. 
i mil f • ~ * • .. N ••• , R II---

'" 

OPEN 7 DAYS • ALL SOFT CLOTH WASH 
SHELL GASOLINE & DIESEL AT COMPETITIVE PRICES 
----------------------i- FiRwASH $A; i 

I COSTA Prurtle Wax Sealer ~::., I 
I VERDE Not valid wHh any other oHer. S~VE I 
I (IRW\SII Expires Dec. 31, 1996. • $3.46! I 

~--------------------- __ I 

THE BIG PICTURE 

Thda. 

At Oracle, we sec the devdopment of information softwm on a larger scale: Our technology is c:hanstinr the way human knowJ~ is gathered, 
stored, rttriemf, and utilized. If you see yourself working with this decade's top graduates, creating products that run on over 100 differtnt machines, 

providing unified computing rcsoun:es to OYer 25,000 customers in 93 countries, join us. With rtCOrd sales of$4.2 billion and over 40% growth in the 
last year alone, we'rt now hfring over 100 af the best of the C1ass of'97. If you have a BS/MS in Computer Science or Engineering, you could become 

an Oracle Software Dcvdopcr, Consultant or Product Manager and work on any number of advmccd technologies and products, including: 
DIgItaII.Inry-·.ttI ....... • IrIIImIt ProcU:Is Object 0riIIIIIId DI1It IIII 
...... 0bjecIs 0bIect 0rIIrad Il.vdtlpnllit TooII DiIIrIUId~. 
EI ........ ~. • ... ctwMA... Netwatli • . 
M IwIv ....... Piocb:ta MobII~ ilia Sec&I'Ily An:tiIadan 

~a-t Piocb:ta IlIaWlNhoullng.r.trq VarIIcIIAppbIlunl 
wt will be j~ rm amrpru NDumJm 7th """ 8th, 

Sip ", ~ the c.m, Cmkr """ piclt up JIM COPJ tf-Ptrtjtas lit 0rrzcIe-1IJtiJzy. E-MIIi1eJ mrmIIS sIrrmf}y ~ 

ORACLE-
Enabling the Information Age 

o..de Cocpoadoa. 500 Omdc run.,. Be. 659501 . Redwood Sbma, CA ~5, FAX (415) 506-1073. E-Mail: ~011111 
Br_co __ 1PEI SIT! c 1IapcI'-___ PApi .... wIJI .. IIl ... ~ 

Monday, November 4, 1996 

'BASEBALL: 
Face it, it's the best 
Continued from page 24 
opposi te directi ons. 

Lei's face it - we ' re not ex-
actly di scussi ng rocket science 
here. All of these games ca n be 
summari zed in a sentence or less, 
and all can be made understood 
to even the simp ies l of minds . 
But try describing the complexi-
ti es of Ameri ca's pastime in a 
se nt ence . Can't d o it, huh ? 
Therein I ies the beauty of the 
game. 

Baseball is a lot like a really 
good movie. It ha pacing . It has 
drama . It has highs and lows. 

Icc hoc key , basketball , foot -
ball - they' re j us t like two· 
hour-long chase scenes. No char-
acter development , no intc ll i-

gence. That's fine for the MTV -
type adolesc ent crowd that 
yearns for action and little else. 
But lea rned individual s with di s-
criminating taste like myse lf, 
cra ve for a plot and character 
development. 

I'll grant you, 99 perce nt of a 
ba eball game might be classi-
fied as slow. There might not be 
a lot of visib le action occurring 
on the field . But that other I 
pe rcent. .. Ah, that 's the key . 

During those brief interludes 
- heightened by th e anticipa-
tion spawned by th e previous 
inacti"on - the most stunnin g 
exci tement in all of pro sports 
ca n be fo und . Home run s be-
come th at much more dazz ling, 
di vi ng catches th at much more 
spectac ul ar. Those lower mo-
ment s, mea nwhile , are integral 
in developing the drama . 

The UCSD Guardian 

In contrast is the pace of other 
sport s, best described as climax 
after climax to the point that the 
audience's senses are numbed 
by the constant commotion. 

Regardle s of what I say, 
though . 1'm sure that many wi II 
refu e to concede to the reality . 
That's just fine , By all mean, 
enjoy pendi ng your hard -earned 
$30-plus for nosebleed eats to 
watch mindless brute se nse-
less ly march up and down th e 
field/court/ri nk . There wi II be 
that many fewer people I' ll ha ve 
to battl e for a foul ball at th e 
next Padres game. 

There I' ll si t in my $S scat, 
enjoyin g the grea tes t or games, 
smug in the reco ll ecti on of th e 
immortal trui sm, penned year 
ago by portswriter Rcd mith : 
"Baseball is dull only to those 
with dull minds." 

================================ ---

RELAYS: UCSD 
hosts annual event 
Continued from page 24 
th e comin g season holds a great 
deal of promi se and the Tritons 
began on the ri gh t foot by win-
ning the rc lays . 

After fai ling to capture a win 
in the first two event of th e 
eve ning , UCSD' s men came 

stormin g back to ea rn victori es 
in each of the next five races . 

"There were no rea l spectacu-
lar swi ms," Boyd el\ plained, 
"j ust a bunch of oli d effor ts." 

Boyd noted in particular the 
return of senior Ed Ruth who 
wa s on hi atus last season but 
was in good form for the rclay s. 
Ruth 's swi ms in the 3 x 100 1M 
relay and the 200 medley relay 
were amo ng thc best of th e 

evening for UCSD. 
The Triton men co mpeted 

again st CSU Northridge and 
Claremont on Friday ni ght but 
will begin the season in earnest 
nex t wee kend when they are 
sc hedul ed to take on the Uni ver-
sity of Northern Arizona. 

The women, likewi se, will do 
ballie with Northern Ari zona, in 
additi on to laki ng on USD for a 
second lime. 

Old proverb: UCSD Guardian 
One manls clutter i 

another manls windfall. CLASSIFIEDS 
,in the Student Center 

UCSD Bookstore Proudly Presents "k 

WEDNESDAY o~~~r~. 
NIGH ~:>. . ;0,,> 

Jim Sterne 

SPORTS 17 

rj(-Yd--- -z---ojj-:w-~ 
:1 Illm '~''-m. ~f': : Pacific OIL CHANGE H.,. .. dous w",. eN'" $1 00 
I Beach and fIIW ~ Service Includes: • To!> oU.d ,n 'UtO #21111 II IlL ' Chooce el V.lvoline traN""IIOO. powo!" ''''''''c. 2705 Gamet Multipt 010 Wtndshltld wash .... bon ... , I I cOllIer of Gamet &: Bond _ • Ch.sslS lubncaoon .nd dofloreno.1 
I 273 6608 I'IopIe Who , Check T,,,, Press.... • Good It Pacllc Belch loa"", on~ I 

- =,,~, Mon on. up to S qu 011 I I OPEN SUNDAY _'o!i<Iwkh.., __ .roll .... 
No WIiIinI' No lfIPOIotment 111)0/" . " • 

L ____________________ ~ 

~----------------------~--------'I. 
,ta fktta 

~~. 
. . UCSDNIGRT Wednesday NIght lS $1 BEERS 8:30 TO CLOSE 

FREE POOL TABLE IN OUR BACK ROOM 

ATTENTION All 
UCSD STUDENTS. 

make LA JOllA .BREW.fIIG C·O ' 
Jour raVDf,.e puo lOr • 
uandcralle beer and good OOd! 

,... flrml or I D Requirtd 

7536 Fay Ave. 456-BRE 

--., 

L 
l 

L l11l --
BECAUSE Y OU 

THE LIBRARY LOUNGE AT THE 

... author of World Wide Web Marketing &: 
Customer Service on the Internet will discuss and sign copies 

of these works, Hear how to build relationships, increase 
customer loyalty and stay competitive on the web! 

(619)534·3149 . www-bookstore ,ucsd.edu 
i - - - - - - - - ;;d-;;ay-;'i;;;t~ ~=~ ---------. 

ge~rel and techn/cel books from 6·8:00pm, 
during Wednesday Night LIve appearances, 

Excludes besaekrs and mllgazl~s . 

.. 

_

_________ ~cx:"'':=c=,~",~ ____ I 
----- . 

PRICE (ENTER IS OPEN 24 HOURS 
ABSOLUTELY, 

FROM 8 AM SUNDAY TO 11 PM FR IDAY 

POSITIVELY, 
USE 0' THE 24 H OUR L IBRARY L OUNGE /S LIM/rED 

HAVE TO STUDY 

TO USC IY tEGlSTEUD UC S D STUDENTS ONlY. PUASE If 'UWED TD SHOW 1.0. "\ 

OVERNIGHT. 
SHIOd 



\ 

18 SPORTS . The UCSD Guardian Monday, November 4, 1996 

Mark Patterson/Guardian 
Say c ....... : Often, the UCSD women's team can be seen clowning around, but the Tritons are al so focused on repeating as national champions . 

WOMEN'S SOCCER IS POISED FOR TITLE RON' 
On a typica l Sunday after· noon, while most people watch football or wash 

their cars, the UCSD 
women's soocer team is out on the 
practice field hearing it from 
Head Coach Brian McManus. 

"Why are we selling off?" 
McManus bellows. 

"Brian told us Ihal in order 
to make us play like a team. 
we might hate him, but it 's 
okay with him . He docsn' t 
care," senior forward E1e 
Johnson said. 

But McManus' words are as 
good as gold to his playe rs. How 
good you ask? 

Since 1986, when t ~e sporl 
hegan championships, the Tritons 
have parti ci pated in all II post·sea· 
son tournaments - advancing to 
the Final Four eight limes. Under 
McMnau , UCSD claimed nat ional 
championships in 1989 and 1995. 
The Tritons have 3 post·season 
record of 23-7- 1 in that span. 

Currently. the UCSD women' 

soccer team is ranked No. I in the 
nalion, posting a 16- 1 record. They 
have outscorcd their opponents 66-
5 thi s season, while recordi ng 14 
shutouts. Their regular·season dom· 

inance is astounding. Visiting 
teams have been heard rejoic· 
ing after los ing by only three 
goals to the mighty Tritons. 
Three times this year, UCSD 
outscored an opponent 5-0 
and 7-0. In soccer, you never 
see teams score more Ihan 
three goals, let alone seven. 

But overpowering an 
opponent has its drawbacks. 
Usually schools don' t enjoy being 
beaten to a pulp, so in many cases 
frustration sets in wi th the opposing 
players and they begin 10 play diny. 

"It's tough to play aga inst teams 
like that," senior midfieldcr 
Brandie Hayungs said. "You just 
have to play hard and make sure 
you don ' t get injured." 

Coming off last year's fant asti c 
run through the playoffs - culmi· 
naling in a national championship 

- UCSD had the tough task of 
beginning the 1996 campaign with· 
out four key tarters. Losing All · 
Americans Diana Muchowski and 
Amanda Johnson along wilh offen · 
ive stalwarts Cari~ Pugh and 

Carrie Peer, McManus found a way 
to fill holes. Junior forward 
"Scorin ' Lauren" Johnson has 
stepped up to lead the team in scor· 
ing and junior Ali on Hurley is sec· 
ond on the team with eight goals. 
With the help of Academic All · ' 
American Ele Johnson, UCSD 
boasts a powerful offense capable 
of scoring ,It any lime and an y-
where. 

Last YC<lr 's squad re lied on the 
speed of Ele and Pugh. channeling 
the offen~e through the sidel ines 
and ulili l ing overwhelming team 
speed. And while Ihis year's squad 
docsn' t get short·changed at Ihe 
track. the Tritons play much more 
controlled soccer, utili l ing the 
entire fi eld. On many occasions, a 
spectator can witness each player in 
blue and golds touch the hall. 

"We didn ' t fi ll their shoes," 
junior fullback Marieela Oeeguera 
said . "It 's more like we changed our 
style to fit us, which Brian is really 
good at doing." 

"We're a different team now," 
juni or Li a Wilkinson renecled. 
"Every player gets invo lved in 
every play." 

Wilkinson and company have 
the abi lity to play this sty le of.soc· 
cer due to their deep bench. 
UCSD' depth is no more obvious 
than in the post-game stat sheet. 
Periodically, McManus uses 16 or 
17 players during a contest. 

"Anyone on the bench can play 
for us," sweeper Betll Freeburg 
adm its. "Everybody on the fie ld 
knows that they could be replaced 
very easi Iy." 

Having the opportun ity to utilize 
numerous players came in handy 
for McManus and Assistant Coach 
Mike Nicholson during the 1996 
campaign. UCSD squared off 
against si)( Division II squads and 

See TITLE, Page 19 

. Monday, November 4, 1996 

TITLE: been made with a good showing against the defending nalional 
champions. Even a respe ·table 
result - a 2·0 10 s - has been the 
highl ight for many teams in the 
1996 season. 

McM anus and com-
pany look to repeat 
Continued from page 18 
spanked Division I Azusa Pacific 
5-0 on October 26. The tough 
schedule suits Triton players just 
line. 

For co·captains Kelly Kramer 
and Brandie Hayungs, veterans of 

three Final Four 
")' d rather 

play Division 
I and II 
tea m ~ , 
junior mid· 
lieldel' Toni 
Nunez aid. 
"You get het· 
ter by play· 
ing against 
tough com· 
petit ion, nol 
beating up on 
weaker 
teams." 

With sue· 
cess comes 
adversi t y. 
Every time 
the Tritons 
lace up Ihei r 
boots and put 

"Our best asset is 
that we are a team," 
Hayungs said. "The 
team that wins is 
never the one with 
the most skill, but 
the team who wants 
it most and the team 
who cares more for 
each other. We're all 
out here struggling 
together and the 
reward Is that we get 
a chance to play in 
Final Fours." 

appearences, 
leadership on the 
lIeld is an impor· 
tant key to SliC' 
cess, 

"I don' t thinl-
heing the captain 
makes the wi ,· 
cst." Kramer 
added. "I have 
played the longest 
and I think there 
has to he 'ome· 
one to he there if 
anyone wants' ~o 
ask questions if 
they don't want to 
talk to Brian. 
They know that 
can come to talk 
to me or Brandie. 
You might have a 

on their uni forms, you can bet the 
that the opposing squad wants to 
prove omething. Being the nation· 
al champions impli es a lot of 
bagagge. 

beller judgement on how to play 
other teams, but lhat's about it." 

Camaraderie is also a key for 
Triton success. MoSI of the players 
hang OUl together off the fi eld , 
which result s in a cohesive unit on Each team's season could've 

The UCSD Guardian 

Claire Schneider/Guardian 
Misleading: Even though the 
UCSD bench looks down , the 
Tritons had plenty to cheer about. 

the lield. 
"We ' re all friends out there." 

senior forward Christa Wemmer 
said. "There's no backstabbing or 
things like whose scholarship i~ 
bigger. We're ju t out there to win 
soccer ga mes." 

While most Division IIlteam~ 
rely on a couple of star players to 
carry them along, UCSD utili l.es 
each player to the best of thei r indio 
vidual abi lities - whether it is the 
defensive work of Freeburg. 
Wilkinson and Oceguera or the 
play of mid fie lders like Kramer, 
Hayungs and Nunez. 

See SOCCER, Page 22 

Read the Guardian Online 
http://www.ucsd.edu/guardian. 

SPORTS 19 

Malor Service 

-Save $75 -Save $25 -Save $7.00 
-Every 30,000 miles -Every 10,000 miles -Every 3,000 miles 

or 2 years or 1 year or 6 months 

$174.00 $69.95 $17.~ \. ~ 
./ 

For Q!o.c.... IU Copin ··· Atul MolY! 

Great Pager Values! 

Check Out OUf 

C'iolUJw Me pi;!!;> 
Designed 

for Students 

I (I, It l II 11 \) I Ie I.. ( ... 1 \ l 1 

Avoid the Scams! 
The Pulse Offers True Value: 
• Tri-State Coverage 
• Unlimited Pages 
• Free Voice' Mail 
• Free Activation 
• Free Re-Acrjvarion 

(Certain Re·Crystaliz.ation . 
Restrictions Apply) 

•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• $ 600 Per Month Air Time This Coupon is good at The Pulse Copy & Technolgy Center al UCSD, located at Price Center. COllpon must • be presented. E)(pire 12- 1-96 6\9-G77·0\21. 
Just Ask for Kevin Coles. 

&0 CEl.l.Ul.AR ON A COl.l.E8-E JUPG-Er ! 
With the 9f£ NUniversity Zone Plan JJ available at the UCSV 6ookstore 

. f GTE M b' l t for just $16 per month plus airtime 
N ou can enjoy all the safety and convenience of cellular service rom 0 I ne . t 35 er C::::;5. The University Zone Plan makes cellular affkordable, e~~~1~5a3~~~I;i: :~l~1~~:~~~~~\~::~ss: ~~~ ~:Yd~Scellu~a~! 
minute in a specified zone. Stop by the UCSD Boo store or ca 

flED YOUIt '''Attl 

[5 i #J 
IT 'S AMAZI NG WHAT 

W E CAN Do TOGETHER 
www.gte.com 

www.bookstorr.ucsd.edu . . . 
.. . uk and off· eak in lone, 99~ per minute out of zone In California ol'lly. 

"The University Zone Plan total monthly access IS S 16.00, 3.S¢ per minute p. I d d SU~J'ect to early termination fee. Some restrictions may apply. 
Roaming charges outside Callfonia may vary. Other roaming charges not Inc u e . 



, 

'20 CU SPORTS 

EVE N T S 
The Episcopal Student Association meets 
every Wednesday 5-6:30pm in the 
International Siudeni Center conference 
room for intormal communion, Christian 
diSCUssion, and free dinner. Students, 
laculty, and staff welcome. Call534-6549 
for more information . (10121-1215) . 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 

The UCSD Guardian 

CLASSIFIEDS 
Ths UCSD Guardian reserves the right 10 classify. edil, delete offenSive words and 
phrases, and/or reluse an~ andalladvsrtlsements wilhoul priornotilication The Advertiser 
Will n~1 hold the Guard;~n liable lor any claims resulting Irom Ihe publica lion 01 the 
adVertisement. The publisher Will also nol be held accountable lor any claim Irom an 
agreement made between the adVertiser and the consumer. 
Cop~ shOUld be reViewed by the advertiser lor errors In order 10 be corrected in Ihe nexl 
reg~lar Issue. all errors must be reported by Ihe corresponding deadline. Credit will only 
be given for the IncorreCI porlion of the adVertlsemenl. There are no relunds for cancellalions. 
Pl ...... nel III CO" •• pondenc. r.garding Cla .. IlIeCls to: 
UCSD Guardian, Ann: Cla .. llleCI., 9500 Gilman Drive 10316. La Jolla, CA 92093. 
ActuallocaUon: Student Center A, Room 217. 

Classified Line 
Ad Rates 

Students: S2 pet' 20 words 
Flculty 'Sllff: 53 pet' 20 words 

All others: $4 pet' 20 words 
Advance paymenl Is reQuired. 

Classified Display 
Ad Rates 

$9.00 per column inch 
Deadlines: 

Publlcollon 0.1. ~Y ~ Line Ad, 
Monday Noon Thurs. 3 pm Thurs. 
Thursday Noon Mon. 3 pm Mon. 

Monday, November 4, 1996 

convenient_ for them. Interesled? You 
should be an undergraduate who feels 
comfortable speaking in fronl of large 
groups of people and who has a fairly 
open schedule. Call Syfvia or Will a1534-
2668 by Nov. 8th to apply. Job referral 
M909.915. (10/31-11/4) . 
CPR instructors needed to teach on-
campus classes. You must be currently 
authortzed 10 leach American Red Cross 
Communily First 1Iid and Safety. 58thr. 
Ca1l534-5246 (10/3 1-11 17). 

Fasl lundraiser - raise $500 in 5 days _ 
Greeks, groups , clubs , motivated 
individuals. Fast, Easy - No financial 
obligation. (800)862-1982 Ext. 33. (1017-
11121 ). 

11(7) . 
' Med School-Gelling In": 11/13/96,3-
4:30pm,PriceClr.GalierA. Learnhow 
admissions committees evaluale your 
application. It you are planning on 
medical school, you need to attend this 
seminar. Sponsored by Siudent 
Organizations and Leadership 
Opportunities (SOLO) 534-0501 . (111 

Males and lemales paid $30.00 for 
inlerview.lfyou are of Japanese, Chinese, 
of Korean descenl, call VA, 552-8585 
x2182. (9124-1215). 

EARN $800.00 + WEEKLY!! 

person with car needed 10 provide after-
SChool pick-up and care for 4th grade 
happy and bright boy . Mon-Fri, 
approximalely 3:3O-5:30pm, $6/hr. Please 
call Marll or Karen : 455·8328. (1 0/24-111 
~ 

Looking for a greal job? Are you confident 
on the phone? Are you familiar with 
Windows based computer applications? 
If so, excellent opportunity available in 
small demographic company in Del Mar. 
Learn valuable business skills in a casual 
office environment. We are looking for an 
individual to worll 12-20 hrslweek ($6/ 
hour) taking orders over the phone , 
processing orders. and performing general 
office duties. If you are interesled, please 
call Lucy @793-4151 . (11/4-1117). 

Billion dollar personal care company is 
expanding to Thailand. Japan. Taiwan. 
and Korea have been massive for this 
company. Thailand is next! Those who 
sel up disltlbulion early have made 
fortunes. If you've lived in Thailand. speak 
the language or know someone who does. 
. . Call 1-800'497-6893. (10124-11125). 
Never forget agai~ou will n~ver have 10 
worry about forgetting imporlafll dalesl 
even Is lor lhe rest of your life! Call 919-
4559. (1 0/31 -1( /25) . 
' Public Speaking - Yes you can!" - 11 f7I 
96, 3-4pm, Price Clr. Gallery A. Overcome 
one of lhe grealesl fears we have and 
leam how you can become an effective (or 
better) speaker! Sponsored by Studenl 
Organizalions and LeadershIp 
Opportunities (SOLO) 534-0501 . (10/31-

4-11111). __ _ 
UCSD Police Auction. Salurday, 
November 161h. Pre-Auction viewing 
1 0:00am. Auction starts at 10:3Oam. 
Bikes, jewelry, books, and much more! 
Cash or checks only. $1 .oorefundable 
bidding card. Localion: Lot 704 (Near 
Voigt Dr and Regents Rd). (1114-11/ 
14). 

EMPLOYMENT 
$1750 weekly possible mailUlg our 
circulars. No e~perience required . 
Begin now. For info call 301 -306-1207. 
(9/30-1/6) . 

Slutt envelOpes al home and earn S2 iXYenv . .. greal 
bonuses. Choose yOUr own houri Make SBOO.OO-t a 
week. gul'8Rleea! Evetylhing is supplted FREE 
More serious. reliable oeooM: are neeoeO-Slart ngh! 
away! For eXClIlng FREE delills, send a 
sell·aodressed STAMPED envelope (" 0) to 

NOWORYTA. HS 
12021 Wilsr.,elll SullO 552. lD6 Angelos. CA90025 

SludentWorks Pain ling is hiring for ~pringl 
Summer 1997. Seeking motivated 
applicants for high level internship. Duties 
include interviewing, hiring, development 
of customer relations, control of marlleling 
and sales, & produclion management. Call 

1 -8oo-394-~. (9/24-1215). 
MODELS $100/hour for male fitness 
magazines, calendars, greeting cards. 
Established pholographer. No porno. Toll 
~ee (888)225-6555. (10/10-11111) . 
CHILD CARE: Brighl and enlhusiaslic 

rr "1'1n YOU'VE HAD YOUR FILL ~ ~~ OF THESE TODAY. \~ planes, traim, automo-
biles 

BRAIN FULL? WHAT ABOUT THOSE HUNGER PAINS? 
UCSD PLUS PLUGS YOU INTO PURCHASING POWER So 

You CAN FILL YOUR STOMACH Too. 

UCSD-flus 
• Need a Study Break? U How about some fries? . ~ 

~ Something to wash it f1 down ... 
Brc,;" Food? ~ 
How about" sandwich? ia Don't you deserve this for 

l " stUdying In the first ",ace;J FILL UP TODAY AT WENDY'S, SUBWAY, AND DESSERT WORKS! ,FOR MORE INFORMATION, CALL 534-PLUS (7587). 

and many other 

way. of genin& 

around and 

",uing away 

IheGunilu 

.luIIfted .. 

Come_v •. 

vpll&ln ill the 

Shldenl Center, 

abovelbe 

General Store. 

Adventure in Service 

••• (J journeg In unaerd/lJnalng (J moria 0 

Live in Latin America for 4-8 weeks, as 
public health volunteer and community 

Preliminary application due March 

Amlgoe de la5 America. 
A 5618 Star Lane A Hou.ton TX 

A 800.231.77.96 A hffp://www.amlgoa link org 
Gr,ccztle Costa RIC,· e n II' 11 11 Re l )lI[,' e EC'll ~ ;'i' e ' J 'I '11r ., . : ' 'e D 1 t (.1\1 II j (1"'1 1,'tX I r(.fdeltlrlV 

Build e~lra income thai can be ongoing 
whalever your career path. Call Kei 
(888)736-9209 or Hank's pager (619)680-
6467. (~31 - 1215) . __ 

Need money? 
Like good food? 
Want to meet interesting 
people and make new friends? 
U(SD (atering has immediate 
openings for student workers, 
(atering offers, flexible hours, year 
round employment, wonderful 
food, and challenging assignments. 
Training provided. Opportunities for 
advancement. Interested? (all 
534-3688 for more info, Or (ontact 
(areer Services, job #909240, 

Enjoywriling? Enjoy making good money? 
Then you should be a CAPE Editor. Editors 
labulate students' written comments from 
evaluation forms and write summary 
paragraphs to be published in the annual 
CAPE book. This part-lime job pays $9.421 
hour and becomes fUll-time in the summer. 
Call Sylvia or Will at 534-2668 by Nov. 7th 
to make an appoinlment to apply. Job 
referral N909.916. (10/31-1114). 
Need Money? CAPE runners (the people 
who pass out evaluation forms in class) 
make $6.oothour and work 6-10 hours or 
more each week at times that are 

BECOME A OJ! Gel a job in RADIO, learn 
from e~perts al home! Call800-950-5999 
for a free recorded message and a FREE 
reportl (11/4-11114) . 
Part-time child;;a~-needed~ Will give 
room and board in e~change . Experience 
wilh children required. Call Rhonda or Ed, 
481-3727. (11/4-11114) . 
Excellent Income Opportunity while you're 
attending school. Flexible scedule. Call 
now for details. Jeff or Linda UCSD area 
representatives. 587-6028. (1114-11118) . 

ROOMMATES 
Mira Mesa-4 bedroom, 2-1/2 balh. 15 min 
to UCSD. No smoking, no pets. $290 + 
~578-2511 . (11/4 -1117). 
Are you sEmale going abroad in January? 
I'm looking 10 move into a housel 
lownhouse in lhe UTC/Univ. City area in 
December . Non-smoking, clean 
roommates. Call Kim 453-6379. (11/4 -
11/11). 

,---

Master bedroom and bath in 2 br. apt. 
Pacific Beach . $600/mo or share for $350 
each. Includes utili ties. 581-3186. (11 /4-
11111 ). 
Clairemont. 4 bed. 2 balh, 325.00 PIUSlt 
2 ulilites. Few minules 10 UCSD. No 
smoking, no drugs. available Nov. 15. 
560-7841. (1114) . 

FOR RENT 
LA JOLLA Furnished rooms for rent in 
house. Private entrance. Worllingstudenl 
or profeSSional . Non-smoker,lite cooking, 
considerate, responSible, very clean, quiet. 
Low-keyenvironmenl, walking distance to 
beach. Near school. Ranging from $350-
500 including ulilities. Call Terri (619) 
459-6322. (10/3-1215). 
Room for rent: Down the street from 
UCSD, own bath, washer and dryer, pool , 
parlling psace, very clean,lots of windows 
and sun light, nice people, quiel and 
comfortable. $425/month. Call Karen 
~9n3. (11_14_-1_117~)~. ______ __ 

Are You Considering 
a Career in 

Public Health? 
Come to an informatiye meeting with 
Br.enda Fass-Holmes, Director of Student Affairs , 
School of Public Health, San Diego State University, 
and two former UCSD students who are currently 
attending the UCLA School of Public Health, 

Monday, November 4, 1996 

FOR SALE 
STOP 

AUTO INSURANCE 

(619)581-2131 
TREK HYBRID 7600: top of the line, 4 
months old, XT Components , rack, 
computer; $1 000 obo. Douglas624'{)740. 
(to/28-1 t(7) . 
Twin bed for sale including everything. 
Exoelentcondition. Been in storage. Good 
price for $75. 587-2898,Paul. (10131-11/ 
4). 
Mountain Bike-won in contest. Top of the 
line. Kona 26' Cinder Cone. Well 
designed, well built for casual or serious 
riding. "Best Mountain Bike under $1 000' 
Brand new, still in factory carton. Only 
$ns. Phone 558-6336. (I013t -1114). 
AVID SPEED BIKE RIDERS- Leather suit 
Black, Mint Condition, size-54, bought for 
$400 2 months ago, selling for $250, Ken 
6n'{)427. (11 /4) 
25" COLOR TELEVISION, GE brand. 
worlls great. Cable ready, remote control. 
$120. Somewhat flexible. 792-8526 (Del 
Mar) after 5:30pm. (1114). 
Pioneer Car speakers (Never installed) : 
Pair5OWcoaxiaI4'($30),pair60WCodxial 
5 1/4" ($45) call 552-8335. (11/4). 
PC CDROM Games- Duke Nuken 3D 
($30), TILT (True 3D pinball)/WORMS 
($25 each), Master Levefs forDOOM ($20), 
552-8335. (11/4) . 
'89 NISSAN SENTRA - newly rebuilt 
aulomatic trans., lOOK on 'end of year 
Nissan 240 engine upgrade," new fronV 
rear brakes, factory serviced every 10K, 
immacualte interior. 6 spkr. all Pioneer CD 
car stereo w/Amp, etc. 53300 obo. 552-
8335. (11/4) . 

HOUSING 
OWN YOUR OWN HOME- Save rent 
Oollars. Area Expert. 20 yrs experience. 
Condos51ooK+, Homes$165K+. Special 
Savings UCSD staff/sludents. REIMAX 
Coastal Judith Haddox 274-4477. (1017-
11114). 

me consultation and initial t .... tment. US ... lu •. 
"m-ti ... cli.nu only With this ad .Exr. 11/l0/% 
'U ... UT 
IUEI. 
."IUlLE 

NQEVIR 
SCI. cur 

II2 block 
fromVCSO 
Rtltuint, 
FlYndly F1I61R1 

Offo;:-d[~ande;~:~ ~!LlE C T R 0 l.Y SIS 
(1 Skin Care Clinic 

3211 IDlIDIY CI •• 211 
II JDLLA CORPORATE CENTER 

(ntll ID MOOil Suuion) 558-0888 

MUSIC 
TRADER 

•• • •• •• 
..... TN •• ...,. .... ea. .. 

.... UMd .... e.pe •• 
......................... ' 

14' f:'" ..,1 T1IADK ...... AND 
DaT. ,...UUDCDo 

.. ...-..--

Grand Opqning (q/qbration! 
~ 

('JnVlllnlyrlt lflcn l lun\ f i t 
c.IIp 4II.J174 
........ m ·m. 
___ ta· ... 

....... III·"" 

.,.. .... .,. 

---

a..... ........ ..,.. 
-.- .. a.,. 
---
....... , ....... 

~ ,".I'U 
- --

VV ANT E D 
EGG DONORS NEEDED: If you are a 
healthy female between the ages of 16 
and 32 and have health insurance . 
Compensation $2500, Call Mirna Navas 
at (310) 829-6782 for more info. (9/24-121 
5). 

Egg Donors 
Needed~ 

You may be eligible to 
donale eggs through a 

painless outpatient 
procedure called 

in vitro fertilization. 
Please call Tawnia at 

Family Fertility Center 
1-800-583-4174 
Private, confidential 

$2500 stirend + expenses 
ages 21-28. 

ASIAN DONORS NEEDED ASAP 
Surrogate mothers also needed. 

Egg Donors desperately wanted by 
infertile, hopeful parenlS. All races. Healthy. 
Ages 21 -30. Compensation $3,000. Call 
OPTIONS at (800)886-9373. (9130-1215). 
Need tutors for English for Korean children. 

The UCSD Guardian 

Must speak some Korean. $151hr. Call 
Christine 558-0525. (10128-llf7). 
Help Wanted! FulllPart time cashier 
position. Enthusiasm , energy, and 
excellenl customer service skills a must! 
Call 793-1771 for information. (10/28-111 
7). 
Wanted: Band to share rehearsal space. 
S 15O-2001month, at Soundtrax (Sports 
Arena). Call Jeff 0 457-4669 for Info. (101 
31-11f7). 

HELP WANTED 
Love Computers? Work part-time as 
customer service assistant. Relail store, 
walking distance UCSD. Will train. $6 
hour. FAX resume, 554-1148. (1001-111 
4). 
SEEKING OUTGOING INDIVIDUALSI!! 
HAVE FUNANDGETPAIDATTHESAME 
TIME. OUT CITIBANK BOOTHS NEED 
HELP GIVING OUT FREE T-SHIRTS AND 
GIFTS. FOR MORE fNFORMATION 
CALL: (8oo)862-1982ext.44 (10131 , 111 
7). 

SERVICES 
Attention In studtntslfl Grlnts , 
Scholarlhlps, Aid IVllllblt 'rom 
lponlorl1l1 No rtpaymentl, tverlll 
S$SCalh for col1egt SSS, For Info: 1-
800-243-2435.(9124-1215) . 
PSYCHOTHERAPY: fndividual and 
oouples therapy, in a supportive andcanng 
environment, to help you deal with 

UTIFUL SMILES MADE HERE 

Imlnl",ntc: to Replace : Missing 
Loose Fitting Partials and 
FlanttJI'A'~ (FDA Approved) 

O 7 Most Insunoce Plans Accepted 
---------. NEW PATIENT SPECIAL 

• 
o Doctor', Exam &: CoDlultaUon • 5 00 0 Full Mouth ClaDiD, • o X-Ra)'l (2 Bitewing.) o On! ClDcer Screening • 
o C."U_Dtary OrthocioDtiC EvaluatioD • 

-----------------~ GENESEE AVENUE, SUITE 312 

Personal, Family & School Pressures; 
Relationship Issues; Depression; Loss; 
Anxiety ; Pregnancy; Self Esteem; 
Motivation; Career Issues and others. 
Laurie :<0:1. Ph.D., Psychologist, La Jolla 
456-2005 . (9/24-1114) . 

TUTOR available for biology courses. 
Flexible schedule, will meet on campus. 
$30 per hour. 535-1645. Good luck with 
midterms! (10131-11114). 
LIBRARY RESEARCH. Willdoyourlibrary 

CLASSIFIEDS 21 

research for you . Fast , accurate, 
dependable , reasonable rates . 
Experienced with UCSD libraries. Call 
552-9096. (11I4-11n). 

Speedy Research 

PERSONALS 
A suggestion for the early morning hosts 
on Channel B: the Letterman Top Ten is 
fine, if thaI's your idea of a momingchuckle. 
The post-game discussion group is a bit 
much. They're just jokes. (I t/4) 
To the guy that pitched the Guardians in 
the dumpster last Thursday night: What's 
your beef? Can't you just write a letter to 
the editor like every other disgruntled 
misfit? (11 /4) 
Shin- That's okay. man. We'll find you a 
date next year. 

INTERNATIONAL AFFAIRS GROUP 
An organization of Eleanor Roosevelt College 01 UCSD 

Presents a panel discussion : 

Which calldidate ",ill do the 1II0sr for students? Is proposirion 209"ul, a civil 
rights initiative? Is there anyrhing ",rong with a school voucher progrQm~ 

Will a minimum wage increase help, or hurt students? 

UCSD studenls wi ll discuss Ihese and many morl! i ssues. Join us 3t Ihis panel 
di scussion and gel Ihe students' perspectlve on many of Ihe Stale propositIOns 
and presidential candidales' ptnl fonn for Ihis election. 

;,; Republicans Democrals 
!- Len Nguyen- Mina Yaroslavsky-
Vl President. UCSD College Republi cans President, UCSD College Democrats 
- Departmenl of Economin Department of Polilical Science 
oJ Scott Basinger- Doctoral Candidate Daniel Harlman- Doctoral Candidate 
'-l Department of Poli tical Science Department of Electrical Engineering 
;Z Amy Weinstein-E.R.C. Siudent Ian Hayden-E.R.C. Siudent ~ Department of Pofitical Science Department of Anthropology Q" 

Moderator: Max Soto- Chair, Internalional Affairs Group - IR/PS 

For further detail s. please contoct Max Soto al 9500 Gilman Drive. Dept 0079, La Jolla. 
CA 9209)-0079 . phone 558-1 t 44. Or/he ERC Office of Residence Life 01 5)4-226 I 

F IE E 4 PAIRS COLORED CONTACTS Fresh Looks Rainbow Pack: Brown Eyes 10 Bl ue. Green. Violet or Hazel wilh purcha~ of 
4 boxes of Clear Fresh Looks. 

t Co!vin Klein 

PROBLEMS WITH DRY EYES OR 
AsrIGMATISM? 

We specialize in difficult cases. 
proclear... , Preference Torlc, Gil , ... , AlII UI' Il0l1 • 

Au. II SIUIINT PllClsl 
e l'usclu,nONS flWD 
I GlASSES DUPlICATED 
I COMPUTE m EXAMS 
e No APPOINTMENT NKESSAlY 

• Matsuda 

t Armon; 

• Mikli 

. ----, 

," 



~ 

.

r .... · .. ··· .. · .. ····· ·····················~ [ ....................................... : 
: ..................................... ; 

'm··· ·Make it 

GTE 
is 

coming 
to 

campus 
on 

Tuesday, 

happen! 
TECHNICAL SALES 

Visit thr Career Services Center no later than 
Wednrsday, Novembrr 6th to sign up fM an 
interview. 

We are looking for the brightest minds to join 
our Sales Engineering New Recurit Development 
Program as well as our Associate Business Account 
Manager developmental program. These programs 
provide OUtstanding opportunities to learn the 
telecommunications industry ITom a world class 
leader. 

November 19th 
and Wednesday 

November 20th. 

So, if your undergraduate degree is in either 
Engineering, Computer Science or Management 
In(onnatlOn Sys~ems OR in Business or Marketing 
(a Computer Science, MIS or Technical minor is 
preferred), we want to talk to you. 
For more information on career Opportunities at 
GTE, visit the Career Services Center. You may 
also see us on the World Wide Web at: 
http://info.gte.com/career 
GTE Telephone ()pcrntions, HQWO 1)48. P.O. Box 152092 
Irving, TX 75015·2092; F.x: (214) 718·3179, W •• re an ' 
equal opportunity empk¥r and support workforce divcrslro MtFfDN .,' ( a i ¥J letephone Operations 

II ::; ,~rna7Ing What We Can Do rogether 

t lOllY II 6 1- - m ~ ~ ... va ~ .. 
• 

IY\ $ ~ ~ '.~ ... "!"- .. ~~ 
_WIlT 1M 

The' UC:SD Guardian 

SOCCER: 
UCSD's season 
starts on Wednesday 
ContInued from lNCe 19 

"Our best asset is that we are a 
team," Hayungs said. "The leam 
that wins is never the one with the 
most skill, but the team who wants 
it most and the team who cares 
more for each other. We 're all out 

here struUling together and the 
reward is that we get a chance to 
play in Final Fours." 

With the playoffs ' Iooming 
ahead, UCSD looks poised. to con-
tend for another title. The Tritons 
have racked up 16 wins and appear 
ready for the stretch dri ve. 

"All in all i t has been a good 
year ," Nicholson said. "And its 
now up to the girls, whether they 
wanl it bad enough." 

.. 
l ., ,. .. ; ... . , I 

Monday, November 4, 1996 

Sundays are the days for relax-
ing IUKI lounging. But for a certain 
soccer team from La Jolla, there's 
~Iways time to improve. Always 
lime to get belter. Always time to 
work harder. 

So if you walk by Triton Soccer 
Stadium and hear someone say 
"Good work, but don't forget prac. 
tice is tomorrow at 6 p.m," don't 
worry. rt's just another day in the 
life of champions. 

Team effort: Triton Head Coa h B . M Mark PaHersonJGWlrdian 
ers in the quest to repeat as N~AA ~~~sio~~f~~~i~~~ ~~~Op~~~~fr~~~~ft) .~as uti lize~ alm~st all of his play-
University this Wednesday night at 7 p m in a First Round PI ff' WI square 0 f against Cal Lutheran 

. . ayo game at Triton Soccer Stadium. 

10.. 

overseas 
Automotive Repairs 15 
SERVIIIB UCSD FOR 16 YEARSI Just 12 min. from UCSD 0" Miramar Rd. 
Excellent references from satisfied customers! 

r.-----~ r.-----I Minor Tune Up' ~ I Brake Job 
SpeCial • SpeCial l Our tUM Up include • • lot more I r- t 8 IIog. $55 rron or reBr. rBke lob includes: 

I then otM,.. It includlls: I I 1 Inslall special new pads or inslall new brake 1 Span. plugs 8 Check clutch shoes 
I 2, Distributor points g, Check 1~ls I I 2. Drain old brake lIuid !' ~~~~~rs 10, Check ul)dercarnage 3, Inspecl complete hydraulic system I I I ' IUS Im"'g lor damage I I 4, Refill hydraulic fluid 

5, Check and replenish 11 , Check cooling system 5. Bleed entire brake system I I a/l fluid and all levels & hoses I I 6, Adjust front (ff drums) and rear shoes ~' ~hej~ dwb ell angle 12, Road tesl 7 Replace front rOlor seats (it rolor, turn) I ~ "" rakes • 8, Road t~sl r.==~==:~~~~~~::=---~ 
I 35·pol~t Major Service SpeCial mg. 

EIltnI for rue/Injected. Our mtI/'" tune-up Include.: • • I 1. Compress.oo lest 13 ~I rbu 25, Checl<l:kJtch 
I 2, Valve acf,uslment 14 .... -1::' ,:or . 26, Check lighls eg. RepIK.' . .....,... r rallO ",,,"ure 27. Check undercatriaoe tor d-

. . 15. ,,*,1 Sitering box 28 Che -, -.- I 
I 3. Valve cover gaskel (II neededl 16. Adtusl clutch - . d< ~ recharge balleries 4, Spar,k plugs, 17, Adjual brakes 29, AoIale lnes (H needed) I 
I 5, OlSlnbulor poinlS, 18 AdjIMI br ke 30, Check II,. preuu .. 6, Condenoors (II applICable). 19' Check:;::ncr ~ be 31, lOOe door hinges I 

7, Air liler. 20' lube ~onI.".:us e ", 32, Check all hoIdeB I 8. o.ll~1er. 21: ChecI< l replenish.1 lluid & 001 levels 33. Check cooling sYSlem & hoses I 
g, Gas hiler & 22, ChecI< eltctricalluse 34. Check exllll"", syolem I 10, Engone OIl 23. Check lor loose and Iosl boilS 35, Road 1"1 
11 , Adjust timing 2 • . ChecIc brille. Holt: E_ lor kytIncIor, 1-cyI_. I ~2, Adjusl <!weN angle - _ ... 111 ....... ' 
~==:~~~-~------------~ I CompleteClutch Job ' • rTimin; Bait Jig 

W. ,.,,1«:8: 1. TransmISsion input shaft seal IS ' .• 
I 2, Pressure plate 5. Pilol Bea .... g I ~ pecla' 3. Clutch Oisl< 6 Ne 
I . w t,ansmtsllon 011 - - - - - - --4, ThrowoUi bearing 7. Road 1851 I 

_ : HycIro<*"... ....... _NoI .... 4WD. F""" We do exletUkd warranty L "":..-= ______ .J 15, 30, 45, ~ 75, S, !)OK service 
"Moat c.ra. With this ad. Expires 11/18/96 Call lor appOintment 

2Brand new parts. Ask about our specials on engines. All our work hss a 
-rear or 2O,OOO-mile limited warranty. 

AI prlc •• Include part. and labor. * 

150/0 OFF LABOR for UCSD students 
8008-8 Miramar Road. Can 695·1 990 

TOwing and rental c.r avalleble. Mondlly-Frtday, 7:30 am-6 pm. Open .. tu ..... y 

M?nday, Novem~r4, 1996 The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 23 
.. ' 

Fifth-Ranked Anteaters Suck Down Tritons 
SPLASH DOWN:'UCSD endured a 14-6 beating at the hands of vel in a showdown at the Canyonview Pool Sunday night 
By Travis HIli 
Guardian Reporter 

For many people here in San 
Diego, being on top of a wave is 
like being on top of the world. But 
for every wave ridden, there is the 
risk ofimpact with Ihe ocean floor, 
followed by the merciless 
slam of the next wave on 
top of you, 

Entering its game against 
UC Irvine on Saturday, the 
UCSD men's water polo 
team was riding a seven-
game winning streak, but 
that eighlh wave proved to 
be quite pain ful , as the Tritons fell 
hard, 14-6, 

The Tritons were ranked 11th 
in the country coming into the 
game, bul knew they would re-
ceive a tough test from the Divi -
sion [ Anteaters, who were ranked 
fifth. 

But the close game that was 
anticipated quickly turned into a 
roul. The Anteaters defense took 
advantage of a Romas Kudirka-
less Triton offense early and of· 
ten, forcing turnovers and swarm-
ing all over the pool. Kudirka, the 

junior scoring leader for the 
Tritons with 58 goals this 
season, has been a force in 
the middle throughout the 
year, but could not play 
against UC I due to a 
sprained thumb. 

The Tritons obviou sly ' 
sputtered wilhout him, not 

scoring in the first half and not 
capitalizing on a third-quarter man 
advantage. 

With wins over established 
powerhouses like Stanford and UC 
Berkeley, the team from Irvine ob-
viously deserved their unusually 
high ranking, and would be a good 
measuring stick for coach Denny 
Harper's team. 

"Playing without Romas 
changes the whole orientation of 
our offense," junior Adam 
Bollenbach said, " We've played 
well without hi m before, but today 
it threw our rhythm off until the 
second half." 

In the second half the Tritons 
got some great play off the bench. 
while the defense buckled down 
and held the Anteaters to five 
points. 

Conspicuous absence: UCSD junior Romas Kudirka (left) was noticeably absent from the Tritons 
lineup on Sunday night as the San Diegans struggled to put points on the board in a 14·6 loss to UC~, 

Water Warriors ... 

Tritons 0 0 2 4 e 
UC Irvine 2 6 2 4 14 
Cole. D. 2 aoaIs 
.... , G. 2goaJa 
........ ,., H, 2-pointer 

~~e 
~~O CO~ 534-4450 

The Triton offense came alive 
to score six points in the second 
half, but the only Triton players to 
eventually break through VCl's 
strangle hold were freshman Gor-
don Beh (two goals), sophomore 
Douglass Cole (Iwo goals) and 
junior Harish Ramaiya, who scored 
a two-point goal. 

Paid Advertisement 

Cole came within inchesof add-
ing another goal to complete his 
quest for a hat trick, but one of his 
fourth -quarter shots hit the post 
and deflected oul. Bollenbach also 
came within a hair of joining the 
scoring list, but like Cole's, his 
blast hit the POSI. 

There are two regular-season 
games remaining for UCSD. Their 
next contest is at Long Beach State, 
where the Tritons wi II try to avenge 

an early season loss, before re-
turning home for their final regu-
lar season game against the Wa ves 
of Pepperdine, 

Both games should be tough 
contests, and will serve as warm-
ups for the Tritons prior to the all -
important Western Water Polo 
Association (WWPA) Champion-
ship tournament. . 

The winner of the WWPA 
championship will be the benefi-

ciary of a berth in the NCAA Final 
Fourwhich isbeing hosled by none 
other then , oor very own 
Canyon view Pooi. • 

While the rest of the season 
looks to be quite challenging for 
Ihe Tritons, they are confident 
about their chances. 

" We have been training ex-
tremely hard," Bollenbach com-
mented, " I think we can go unde-
feated through the WWPAs" 

Associated Students 

A.S. POSITION OPEN 
Vice Pre.ident Intern. I 

this exciting position offers prestige, 
fame and fortune ... NOT! It does offer 
the chance to have a leadership posi-
tion on the A.S. Council. The V.P. In-
ternal chairs the Council meetings and 
appoints students to various Campus 
Wide Committees. If you are interested, 
please call 534-4450 for more informa-
tion or come up to the third floor of the 
Price Center and fill out an application, 
Deadline is November 8. 

PREMED ASSOCtAnON OF STUDENTS FOR 
SERVICE 

General Meeting AS Programming presents 

UCSD FALL FUN FEST 
SPECIAL THANKS 

Thanks to .11 those who helped out 
at our Fall Fun Festiv.1! 
Anna Cstal.notto Pearl Fung 
Steve Roberts Scott Barrow 
Allen Louison Eric. Woltz 
Katherine Lew Lindsey Ho 
Jean Paul Nguyen Gina S.lTIno 
Jame. Carpenter Janet Lim 
Kevin Kurttsky 
all the College participant •• nd 
anyone else who helped outl 
Congr.tul.tlon. to Ele.nor 
Roosevelt College for wInning the 
UCSD Glldl.tora Competition I 

, Wednesday, November 6, 7:00 pm 
Price Center Gallery B 
Learn interviewing techniques for Profes-
sional and Graduate school. 
For information call Michele at 565-2799 

THAI CULTURE CLUB 
General Body Meeting 
Wednesday, November 6, 7:00 pm 
Come make a dratong to celebrate the Thai 
holiday, the Loy-Kratong Festival. 
For information, call Jimmy at 558-2535 

VARIAnONS: STUDENTS OF MIXED 
HERITAGE 

General Body Meeting 
Thursday, November 7, 7:00 pm 
Cross Cultural Center 
Come to our first meeting of the school year 
and find out about upcoming events! 
For information, call Jeff 546-8849 

PRIMETIME 
CAMPUS CRUSADE FOR CHRIST 

Tuesday, November 5, 7:30 pm 
Cepter Hall t15 
Stories, experiences and lessons from Hoi· 
Iywood. Special guest: George Newbern 
from "Father of the Bride" and " Adventures 
In Babysitting', along with act()(/producer 
John Shepard. 
For information, call Tom, 642·0176 

COSTA VERDE SHOPPING SHUTTLE. Schedules at YQur 
Dean's office. Picks at Campus Shuttle Stops. It's FREE, 

check It 
outl 

A.s. AuI_ Propegende .. ~ by !he __ s..-u, UCSD. Studenl 01gI m.oy __ by filling out !he form 
_lid _ !he 4 ,S. Secretary'. office on !he 3rd "oor cI lIle Price .Center or .-mao! uo (.ut>ject: A_led Propoogendl)' 
.......seuood.edu, SutorTIoMiOne ... Clue Hell W_y· .. noon fo<!he nell MondaYI I ..... , 

plus special Luesls 
Greggy Tah 

November 8, 5pm 
Price Center Plaza 

S~lIOdS 



SWEENERS 
DAN SWEENEY 

Hardball Habit 
, 

to Break 
People who know me 

have detec ted an Inex plI -
ca ble ~ h i filO my he ha vior 
la tely . othln g major, mind 
you, but Just enough to 

a_, cause fri end :. and ac quain-
tances to worry. 

Over the la t fe w week s, 
I' ve been a lot more irri -
table, qui ck to growl at 
people. I rarely cat and my 
leep patterns have been 

knocked out of whack . My 
roommates have blanTed the 
abnormalities on stress, a 
common symptom among 
UCSD students. 

The fact of the matter, 
though, is that stress has 
nothing to do with what ails 
me. It's no accident that the 

"'0;. 'onset of this "disease" 
coincides with the conclu-
sion of the World Series. 

I've been in a dire state 
of withdrawal - a major 
case of baseball depri vation 
- ever since the Yankees 
won game six . For those 
who can ' t relate, let me 
approximate it this way : it's 
kind of' like abstinence, only 
a million times worse. 

Both conditions have 
effects that are tormenting 
and unavoidahle. Both force 
their sufferers into gropi ng 

The UCSD Guardian 

Ali i Maclsaac/ Guardian 

~ 
Monday, November 4, 1996 

UCSD Grabs 'em 
By the Horns 
CRUISE' CONTROL: The Tritons rolled over the 
Antelopes of Grand Canyon University, 4-0 

By Sean Rahlml 
Sports Editor 

When Triton Head Coach Brian 
McManus scheduled a game 
against Grand Canyon University 
(AZ) four months ago, he 
expected to play a strong 
Division II squad on the last 
day of the regular season. 
McManus wanted his squad 
to playa tough, competitive 
game before the playoffs, but 
instead his squad demol-
ished the Antelopes, 4-0, in 
the regular-season finale . 

with two first -half goals and two 
more in the second 45 minute . 

In all, the Tritons peppered the 
Antelope goalkeeper with 22 shots, 
en route to capturing their 14th 

shutout of the season. The 
defending NCAA Division . 
III National Champions im-
proved their record to 16-1, 
and enter the playoffs with 
the top ranking in the na-
tion. UCSD has outscored 
opponents 66-5 in the 1996 
campaign, with 19 coming 

from All -American favorite 
Lauren Johnson. 

Playing without the services of 
fullback Maricela Oceguera, the 
Triton defense relied on freshman 
Janine Harispe, who along with 
Beth Freeburg and Lisa Wilkinson 
shut out the Antelopes, and did not 
allow a shot on goal. UCSD con-
trolled the ball for the entire game, 
putting an enormous amount of 
pressure on the Grand Canyon de-
fense. 
l~ for substitutes, but instead 

of inflatable dolls and 
gaudy "F-Street" whirligigs, 
I've had to resort to sad 
surrogates like football, 
basketball and ice hockey . 
In all cases, the replace-
ments are a far cry from the 
real thing . 

Towerln&: UCSD senior Ele Johnson (right) dribbles away from a 
defender during the Tritons' 4·0 triumph over Grand Canyon 
University in their final game of the season. 

Grand Canyon d'ressed the mini-
~um II players and played a con-
servative game, keeping 10 play-
ers back on defense. "They were 
very physical," McManus said. 
"When you have to playa 10-man 
defense, the players think that they 
are going to get seven or eight 
goals. The key is to remain pa-
tienl.lthink this game will help us 
because [California Lutheran] will 
probably play the same way -
keep nine or 10 players back." 

UCS 0' s offense struggled early 
on, but eventually broke through 

The Tritons finally struck gold in 
the 28th minute. Lauren Johnson's 

See GRAND, Page 16 

Tritons Start Season With Fun and Games 
What's that you say? You 

prefer these other sports'? 
You tHink BASEBALL IS 
BORING??!! ! 

UCSD RELAYS: Swimming opened its season by hosting an annual fun-in-the-pool relay fest 

I beg to differ. I could 
write volumes explaining 
why baseball is the only 
sport that mailers , but 
perhaJ)l' it 's a lot ea ier to 
explain why the substitutes 
just don't measure up. 

I'll grant you , football, 
basketball, ice hockey and 
soccer are all nice in their 
own lillie way . They have 
excitement, and they all 
~ certainly require athletic 

competence . But really, 
aren't they all kind of 
variations of the same 
game? All involve teams 
trying to get balls into 
designated goal areas; all 
are limited by the time 
constraints of clocks; and 
all hinge on the senseless 
movement of teams in 

See BASEBALL, Page 17 

By Dan Kraft 
Senior Staff Writer 

There 's nothing like a little 
fun and games to loosen up a 
team, and that's exactly how the 
Triton swim team opened 
the season last Friday 
evening when they hosted 
the UCSD Relay . 

The relays are a unique 
event in which the teams 
compete in a number of 
water borne events not 
found anywhere else. 

The even events in-
clude the 3 x I OO-yard individual 
medley relay, in addition to 3 x 
I OO-yard races in the back, breast 
and butterfly strokes as well . 
Perhaps the most unique event is 
the 500-yard crescendo relay 
which begins with a 50-yard leg, 
fotlowed by legs of 100, 150 and 
200-yards . 

For the Tritons, who came into 
the meet after their hardest week 
of practice thus far in the young 

sea on, the meet wasn't about 
winning or 10 ing . 

"We werejustlooking to have 
fun ," UCSD Head Coach Doug 
Boyd said, "and we 'wam pretty 

welL" 
On the women ' s ide, 

ophomore standout 
Kelly Byrne began the 
1996-97 campaign in 
much the arne way that 
he completed last season: 

On a hot streak . 
Byrne led off the 3 x 

100-yard breaststroke re-
lay with a speedy time of 1:08 .84 
that would havc qualified her for 
the NCAA Championships had 
the meet been one for the books. 
Catapulted by Byrne' s blazing 
start, the Tritons pressed on to 
victory in the race. 

Byrne impressed yet again in 
the crescendo relay where she 
entered the pool on the anchor 
leg trailing the University of San 
Diego's anchorwoman by ap-

proximately three 
seconds . Byrne 
tore through th,e 
water , covering 
the eight le.ngths 
of the ' pool in a 
time of I :56.3 and 
bringing UCSD 
from behind to win 
in the process . 

Byrne's perfor-
mances were the 
highlight for the 
Triton women who 
captured two of 
the seven relay to 
finish in second 
place with 30 
points. 

Cross-town ri -
val USD earn.ed 
the win, accumu-
lating 43 points 
during the 

Back In the awl ... : Triton swimming opened 
. the year under the lights at the UCSD Relays 
on Friday evening. 

evening. Squads from Cal State 
Northridge and Claremont Col-
lege finished third and fourth re-

spectively . 
For the UCSD men's team, 

See RDAYS, Page 17 

___________ .. :aa'.'J:t:t~S.,IIlI-.--------. 
UCSD Women'. Soccer 

Hosting NCAA Division III 
Championsl'tip First Round 
~alifornia Lutheran 

..... , Nov. S, 7 p.M •• Triton Stadium 

c...c...tay: 
Sat., Nov. 9 at NCAA Division III Western Regionals at 

San Bernardino, 9 a.m. 

w •••• '.v...,.. .. : 
Tues., Nov. 5 at CSU Dominguez Hills, 7:30 p.m. 

w •••• '. 
Saccer: Get the 
Inside scoop on 
the defending 
national champs 
as they prepare 
to make a run at 
back-to-back 
titles. 


