
.• :t 1I-1=l'.'j: l:t;l =II 
FOr ..... Vol.,.." 
CcNIcII ... IDIU 
SAN DIEGO - Former SDSU 
women's volleyball coach 
Myles Gabel has filed a suit 
against university officials 
involved in his termination. 
Gabel, who was fired because of 
complaints that he sexually 
harassed several players, alleges 
he was denied due process of 
law. he was discriminated 
against on the basis of gender, 
and he was defamed and 
suffered intentional infliction of 
emotional distress. In October 
1994. three SDSU volleyball 
players filed complaints against 
Gabel for sexual harassment. 
Gabel was suspended after an 
investigation and. according to 
his lawyer, was never given "a 
meaningful opportunity to 
defend himself." 

- The Daily Aztec 

Belke", Overrun 
WIth Journalists 
BERKELEY, Calif. - UC 
Berkeley has been inundated 
with journalists from around the 
t:ountry who are seeking 
infonnation about a fonner 
math professor believed to be 
the Unabomber. Faculty 
members have been contacted 
by reporters from the New York 
Times, San Francisco 
Chronicle, San Diego Union· 
Tribune and all three major 
television networks. despite that 
few at the campus remember 
Theodore Kaczynski, the 
Unabomber suspect who taught 
at Berkeley for two years during 
late 1960s. 

-The Daily Californian 

UA .... eom.t .. 
Ke, to Unlve,.. 
TIJCSON, Ariz. - A Univer-
sity of Arizona professor and 
graduate student are hoping that 
the comet Hyakutake, one of the 
brightest cornets of this century. 
will ultimately help them study 
the composition of the universe. 
UA Lunar and planetary 
laboratory Professor Uwe Fink 
said comets were formed in the 
pre-planetary solar ncbula and 
can therefore give clues to what 
the universe was like 4.5 billion 
years ago. Fink and graduate 
student Michael Hick 'have 
detennined that the comet 
appears to be made of cyanide, 
carbon, water and ammonia. 
The comet will be visible in the 
west after sunset until about 
April 25. 
- The Arizona Daily Wildcat 

KIDs 
HIATUS: The Kids in the 
Hall make their feature 
film debut 13 

OPINION: UCSD's 
alternative media fail again, 
with TIu! People's Voice 4 

~T.: The Triton golf 
team shoots a record 288 at 
Redlands Golf Course 24 

, H • u c 5 D 

UCSAN DIEGO Mm~B:AY , APRIL 11, 1996 VOLUME 81. ISSUE 4 

New UCSD Chancellor Appointed 
cellor Search Committee. PROMGnON: Robert 

Dynes will assume 
position on July 1 

private teleconference Tuesday 
morning. Chainnan of the Board 
Clair Burgener said he was pleased 
with Dynes ' selection. 

"I got a good feeling about Bob 
Dynes," said Coleen Sabatini, a 
Marshall senior and the lone under-

administrator at AT&T Bell Labo-
ratories. 

"I learned an awful lot in 22 
years in corporate America, and I 
felt it was important to teach young 
people what I had learned," Dynes 
said. "I also felt like [ wanted to 
establish a laboratory which was a 
little different from the laboratory I 
had at Bell Laboratories, and those 
two things I felt like I could do at 
UCSD." 

"Every chan- graduate repre-
By Terry Lew 
Associate News Editor 

Robert C. Dynes, UCSD's cur-
rent senior vice chancellor of aca-
demic affairs, was selected Tuesday 
as UCSD's sixth chancellor. He will 
assume his position on July I. 

cellor has un-
popular deci-
sions to make 
occasionally, 

INSIDE: A closer look at 
Robert Dynes . ........ 10 

sentative on the 
committee. "He 
placed such a 

The UC Board of Regents con-
finned Dynes' appointment- with 
a salary of $186,800 per year - in a 

but I don't think he'll he itate to 
take on the tough ones," Burgener 
said. 

UC President Richard Atkinson 
elected Dynes from three finalists 

presented by the 17-member Chan-

great emphasis 
on undergraduates and undergradu-
ate education, and I believe he has a 
very sincere commitment to this uni-
versity." Dynes credited then-UCSD 

Chancellor Atkinson for bringing 
See DYNES, Page 10 

Dynes came to UCSD in 1991 
after 22 years as a researcher and 

POWER OF CHOICE 

Have you voted today?: Muir freshmen David Logue and Shinichi Takehara cast their 
ballots in the Muir Quad . Voting in UCSD A.S. elections continues until 2 p.m. today. 

Students and Faculty Convene Discussion 
Panel to Explore SP-l and SP-2's Impact 
GROUP: Campus community 
members decry anti-affirmative-
action measures 
By Esther Yoon 
Staff Writer 

Several UCSD students and faculty members 
participated Monday in an all-campus discussion 
panel at the Pepper Canyon Lodge on the impact 
of the UC regents ' decision to end affirmative 
action. 

Sponsored by the International Affairs Group 
at Roosevelt College, the forum featured a broad 
spectrum of UCSD community members, each 
offering a different perspective on affirmative 
action. 

Litetature Professor Lisa Lowe, UCSD Vice 
Chancellor of Student Affairs Joseph Wat$On, 
Student Affirmative Action Committee Chair 

Ingrid Benedict, UCSD Admissions Task Force 
undergraduate representative Alex Sario, History 
Department Chair Michael Bernstein and Califor-
nia Young Democrats Women's Affairs Director 
Claire Hervey all spoke against recent anti-affir-
mative-action measures SP- I and SP-2- theJuly 
1995 measures introduced by UC Regent Ward 
Connerly which ended preferential practices in 
university admissions, hiring and contracting -
and the proposed California Civil Rights Initiative 
(CCRI), on the November ballot. 

The panelists decried the measures as detri-
mental to UCSD's efforts to maintain ethnic and 
demographic diversity. 

Watson began the discussion by addressing 
affirmative action's evolution since its inception 
in the 19605. 

"Since affirmative-action programs have be· 
come formalized, there has been some make up 

See PANEL, Page 11 

Cheating May 
PlagueUCSD 
Biology Labs 
CHARGES: Some students 
allegedly copy results from 
previous lab manuals 
By Ivan Delventh.1 
News Editor 

Several UCSD biology ruden(s (old (he 
Guardian last week that a substantial amount 
of cheating occurring in biology courses has 
undermined the integrity of the department. 

The bulk of the students' complaints were 
centered around laboratory courses in which 
a majority of students copy labs from c;tm-
pie ted lab manuals supplied by other~ who 
have taken the cia s previously, the students 
said. 

"They don ' t change the lab from year to 
year. People have roommates, guys are in 
fraternities, the labs are already done for 
them. They canju t copy them," said one of 
the complainants, a Warren senior and bio-
chemistry major. 

"It's one of those things with biology 
majors that goes without saying," the stu-
dent added. "Everyone knows it goes on .. .. 
You see everyone doing it." 

According to several students who con-
tacted the Guardian, the cheating is fostered 
by a highly competi tive atmosphere in which 
many students will resort to extreme, even 
"cut-throat" measures to get ahead of their 
peers. 

"Everyone and their mother has some-
one else's labs," said another student , a 
senior at Warren majoring in biology. "Hav-
ing previous labs is such a cutting-edge 
advantage .... I have spoken to many people 
who said they wouldn ' t have gotten through 
lab if they hadn't had other people's labs." 

Administrators from the Biology Depart-
ment, while acknowledging that a certain 
amount of cheating takes place in biology 
classes, said they do not believe that cheat-
ing in lab courses is a significant problem. 

"To the best of my knowledge, this has 
not been a major problem." Biology Depart-
ment Vice Chair and Professor Paul Sallman 
said. "[But] I think it's an obscenity, a sin, a 
crime. and I don't tolerate it at all." 

'The question is 'How much are you 
going to make labs into a police tate for one 
or two percent of the students [who are 

See CHEATS, Page12 



2 NEWS 

UCSD Spring J.ob Fair 
Draws Thousands 
REsUMEs: Fair offers permanent employment 
opportunities for the first time in its history 
By Matthew Kalinowski 
Staff Writer 

Representati ves from 124 
companies converged on the Sun 
God lawn for Tuesday's Spring 
Job Fair. accepting resumes for 
part- and full-lime career posi-
lions. internships and summer 
jobs. 

"The students hired in the past 
from UCSD have performed really 
welL" Hughes Network Systems 
(HNS) representati ve Mary Sa voure 
said. 

HNS has attended the job fair 
for over eight years and has hired 
several hardware and software en-

gineering interns 
each year. 

Many employ-
ers present at the 
fair were seeking 
interns to fill sum-
mer positions. 

Assistant Di-
rector of Career 
Services Phyllis 
Walker. who coor-
dinated the event. 
eSli mated thai be-
tween 3.000 and 
4.000 students al -
tended the fair. 
which wa open to 
UCSD students 
and alumni. 

The job fair 
was intended 10 
provide a casual 
atmosphere in 
which students 
could feel com-
fortable conver -
ing ~ith company 
rep/esentati ves . 
wWile ~(;outing for 
potential employ -
ment . Walker 
said. 

"Th. economy I. 
better now. 

Some students. 
including Muir se-
nior Justin Lee. 
said they hoped 
that summer in -
ternships wou Id 
erve as spring-

boards to future 
employment. There ar. more 

jobs [ayanabl. 
for stud.nts] 
and more 
Incently. for 

"If you do well 
as an intern. they 
may hire you when 
you graduate," Lee 
said. 

The annual 

The event was 
designed to give 
students theoppor-
tunity to interact 
with representa-
tives rather than 
muddling through 
the paperwork of 

eotnpanl •• to go 
to school. to 
get applicants. 
Th., know 

ca mpus job fair 
has historically 
focused solely on 
temporary sum-
mer jobs. This 
year's event was 
expanded to in-
cluded permanent 
employment as 
well. 

UCSD .... hl .... 
caliber 
students. " 

- Phyll. Walker The addition of 
Assistant Director pennanentjobsat-

sending out 
resumes. she 

UCSD Career Services tracted more em-
ployers than dur-

added. 
Several prominent local and 

national companies, including 
Qua\Fomm and Sony Electron-
ics , had booths at the event. In 
addition, representatives from or-
ganizations ranging from 
Tick,etmaster to the U.S. Marine 
Corps were on hand to talk to 
studl:nts. 

Pimly due to favorable weather 
conditions. turnout was so high 
that the Career Services informa-
tion table at the fair ran out of its 
brochures by noon. 

"The economy is better now." 
Walker said. explaining the high 
attendance. "There ,are more jobs 
[available for studemsj and more 
incentive for companies to go to 
schools to get applicams. They 
know UCSD has high-caliber stu-
dents ." 

Several employers agreed with 
Walker_ noting that UCSD stu-

dentshavetradition~lIy been model 
employees. 

ing past fairs -
some prospective participants had 
to be turned away because of space 
constraints. 

Despite a wide array of jobs 
advertised at the job fair. several 
students said they felt cenain areas 
of study were more marketable than 
others. 

"Every othertablc is looking for 
a computer- cience major," Lee 
said. 

Several students attended the job 
fair. even though they were not 
seeking immediate employment, to 
get an idea of future job opportuni-
ties. 

"[t's a good time to talk to people 
about future plans, if nothing else." 
Walker aid. "[The job fair] is for 
everyone ." 

Walker added that some of the 
information available at thejob fair, 
including a list of necessary skills 
and instructions for mailing 
resumes, is available at the Career 
Services Center. 

TIDO LADD, Editor In Chief 
...... MILLIIt. Co-Afllnltllnl Fdltar 
ANNA VAIIMAJiI, Co-M.,.,.,I/lf Ed/tor 

ICOn ,ADD, Copy Editor 
... MUIPIIY, ANDel .. Copy Ed/tor 

IV .... ¥8ITIW.. New. Fdltor 
taRY LIW, ANocIate News Fdltor 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday. April II. 1996 

ETCETERA. • • 

I'M TOTAl-I.., FIl'A~O 
0'Jr ow 'NE SUeJE~T OF 
OEATM, IS ~E Aw'ftllIolGo 

~ tAoJ SA., 'TO 
RtASSuRE I"IE'! 

BRIEFLY ... 

T~tJ SOMt IAItll1t)O 
~IU.C; ~O\J vP W'~ 

EJit\~'NC, FI.VIO, 
c.o""Q~ ~\l1l. HAIQ., 
A~O P\rrS ctouGE 00J 

!tCIUCl~~, 

UCSD Faculty Members Honored 
Several UCSD professors recentJy received presti-

gious awards for their work in the natural sciences and 
mathematics. 

K.C . Nicolau, a professor of chemistry and biochem-
istry, received the American Chemical Society'S 1996 
Ernest Guenther Award in Chemistry of Natu~al Products 
for his work in developing promising pharmaceuticals 
from natural compounds. 

Nlcolau has studied calicheamicin, an anti-<:ancer 
compound first extracted from bacteria in rocks, and 
rapamycin. a potential anti-rejection compound found in 
bacteria from Easter Island . 

Vivek A. Sharma, an associate professor of physics, 
was awarded the Sloan Research Fellowship for his 
research into the origins of the matter-antimatter asym-
metry observed in the universe. The fellowship was 
established in 1955 to encourage research by young 
scholars. Sharma will receive an unrestricted $35,000 
grant to fund his research. 

Richard Hamilton, a professor of mathematics, has 
been awarded the Oswald Veblen Prize in Geometry, one 
of the most prestigious honors of the American Mathemati-
cal Society. The award Is given only once every fIVe years 
for the best research in the fields of geometry and topology. 

Career Service. Offers ACCESS 
Job-Search Opportunity 

To address concerns by social-science majors that 
few employers come to campus to recruit their skills, 
the Career Services Center is offering ACCESS - a 
program that brings together social-science majors and 

profeSSionals in a variety of related fields for networking 
and job leads, 

The program is limited to 80 students, who must sign 
up in advance and indicate the occupational field in which 
they are interested. Career Services staff then recruit 
profeSSionals In those fields and facilitate one-on-<>ne 
dialogues between them and interested students. 

The event will take place on May 23 from 4:30 p.m. 
to 6:30 p.m. in the Career Services Center, but sign-ups 
must be completed by Fri. , April 19. 

For more information , call 534-3750. 

'Sol .... For Music Lov.n' 
Celebrat •• Composer's Birthday 

UCSD composer Will Ogden's birthday will be ce~ 
ebrated with the presentation of ·Soiree for Music Lovers · 
on April 12 at 8 p.m. in the Mandeville Recital Hall. 

Virtuoso violinist Jnos Ngyesy and his friends will 
perform Schumann's · Piano Quintet, · Molter 's "Sym-
phony in C Major· and other pieces for the celebration. 

Ogden received his Ph.D. in theoretical studies from 
Indiana University. He spent two years at UC Berkeley's 
KPFA-FM, and a year producing television and radio pro-
grams on music at the University of Illinois. After teaching 
at the University of Texas, Indiana University and The 
College of St. Catherine in St. faul, Ogden became the first 
chair of the music department at UCSD in 1966. He taught 
composition and theoretical studies until 1992. 

Tickets for the performance are $ 7 for general 
admission and $3 for students, and can be purchased 
at the door on the evening of the <:ol)cert. 

DAN IWEENEY, Features Editor 
BRINT JOHNSON, Opinion Editor 

DEJtII( VAN HOFTIN, Associate Opinion Editor 
DAN IUtAFT, Sports Editor 

WIIMAITIII: Jim Serlo 
TTPIIT: Jonet Eom 

lEAN RAHIMI, Associate Sports Editor 
JIFII NIDIL, Hiatus Editor 

YAKOV ZOLOTOREV, Photo Editor 
CHUCK IIIU\'IJI, Associate Photo Editor 
HIIOI MUZHIK. Associate Photo Editor 

DO....c LOI8IA, GrlJP/lics Editor 
.......,. LATHAM, Desfln EdltCH' 

AllVllmIlllO UIIITANT: Cheryl Sasto 
~YIOII UIIITAJIITI: Ken Chin. PaolO ManllUY. Christine Patforll, Siefani. 
Stock. " ....... ' T err.r 

ANN aAltlFllLO, Advert/sing Manager 
..,. DeANDREA, Business Office MI/nater 

MIKE MARTINEZ, An Direclor 
IIIl1IYA TANG, Ass!. Business Manager 
JOIIJI UII8IR, Ad LlI)"Out and Des/,n 

JOE PAN, Graphic Oesigner 

Editorial: 53"-6581 . News/Features: 534-5226. 
Opinion/Sports: 534-6582 . Hiatus: 534-6583 

Busine •• Office: 534-3466, Fax: 534-7691 
e-nwIt: auetdlan4PucSd.edu ~ 

au.nllen Online: http://www.UCId.edU/.ullnllen 
UCSD Qu"""", 9600 Gllmlll Drive 0316, 

L. JoI .. , CA 92093-032.6 
-... _Ion: -." F1oof. ueso St_t Cenler ....... '''''. Am. 217 

Thursday, April II, 1996 The UCSD Guardian 

A.S. Funds 'Rollback' Campaign 
LOBBY: 1\vo students 
will argue before 
senate committee 
Byuan Lamb 
Sta"Wtiter 

A.S. Council members agreed 
al last night's meeting to fund a 
"Fee Rollback Campaign ," which 
will permit 

amended to only apply to educa-
tion fees, rather than including 
registration fees, "so it won't hurt 
student services," Field said. 

The bill, which would alter 
California's Education Code, 
would also require the state to 
"reimburse local agencies and 
school districts for certain costs" 
through a State Mandates Claims 

Fund. "to pay 
two represen-
tati ves to con-
tinue efforts 
to lobby for 
reduced fees 
at the st ate 
capital. 

The two' 
representa-

"[The bill] Is critical 
because R will 
redirect the polRlca1 
tide of the stat •• We 
need to make blgh. 
education acc .... bl. 

the costs of 
mandates 
that do not 
exceed 
$1 ,000,000 
statewide." 

The bill 
would find 
support and 
be passed by 
the senate. 
Field pre-
dicts . due to 

tives. includ- again." 
ing A.S . Cam-

-GrecFleld pus Office 
Director Greg 
Field. will 

ASUCSD Campus Lobby Director 

present a bill before the Senate 
Higher Education Committee on 
April 17. 

If passed, the bill would then 
be presented to the Appropria-
tions Committee and could ulti -
mately reach the state senate and 
assembly. 

The bill. sponsored by Sen . 
Steve Peace , D -San Diego, states 
"tuition charged by the Univer-
sity of California, and any fees 
charged by the California State 
University and the California 
Community Colleges ... shall be 
reduced by 15 percent of the 
amount charged in the 1996- 1997 
fiscal year." 

The current text will be 

its Demo-
cratic majority . 

However, Field also warned 
that the bill could have problems 
when presented to the Republi-
can-controlled assembly. 

"This is not a priority on their 
list," Field said. 

Students from across the state. 
including Field, have been lob-
bying at the capital on a weekly 
basis for the past month and have 
been working on the bill for the 
last two months. 

A.S. Vice President External 
Rrian Dowd expressed his sup-
port for UCSD students' lobby-
ing efforts. 

UCSD is "the only UC school 
to attempt) such an insane 

amount of work," Dowd said. 
Field said he disagreed with 

simply "freezing" fees. because 
"even if you just freeze [them]. 
it's not affordable." 

"We need to make higher edu-
cation accessible again," he added. 

A.S. President Naomi Falk 
also supported the lobbying ef-
forts. explaining that this would 
be the fi rst bi II to go beyond si m-
ply freezing fees, to actually re-
duce the cost of a UC education. 

The A.S. Council allocated 
$300 from unallocated funds to 
the External Affairs Travel bud-
get for airfare for the two repre-
sentatives. a decision which 
passed by consensus. 

Other issues discussed at last 
night's meeting included fund al-
locations for Alternative Visions 
and Koala TV. the upcoming TG 
and Sun God Festival. as well as 
whether to officially support Vice 
Chancellor of Student Affairs Jo-
seph Watson' so-called 
affordability model. 

Dowd questioned certain 
councilmembers' willingness to 
support the model even though 
the UC Student Association 
(UCSA) passed a resolution 
against it. The model proposes to 
increase financial aid through 
increased fees. 

In other news. Falk also com-
mended the Chancellor Search 
Committee for its selection of 
Robert Dynes as UCSD Chancel-
lor Designate. 

"He's accessible .. . and more 
studenl-friendly than our previ-
ous chancellors," Falk said. 

WHAT KIND OF BIRD ARE YOU? 

, t 

\ , 

-~­~~~ 

COURSE 
Get ahead of the flock, Our Home Prep Pa~~fontains the best MCAT 
sciences review materials in existence - available on April 17th. 

-.lJ Diagnose your shortcomings before they become problems. 
..... Discover now which areas (Verbal?) may need extra attention. 

Choose your session early, With only 24 students 
per class, popular sessions will sell out quickly. 

~ a We offer a discount to Early Birds, Sign up 
~ by AprIl 12th and get a $50 discount. 

800 MD-BOUND 619-455-1000 
'L1u.. --"'--~~~~~~IIIIIIJ /71,"&:1., ."",-.. 

.,. r,m IT'I TIlE TO GET lEI/QUI JIIUTTII TilT. - .. 

NEWS 3 

Legal Proceedings Against 
CCRI Protesters Continue 
By LaunI LMIb 
Staff Writer 

The 18 proteste~ arrested after the 
March 12 "Stand Up For Justice" 
rally and march against the California 
Civil Rights Initiative entered "not 
guilty" pleas at their Tuesday arr.ugn-
ments at the San Diego Coonhouse. 

The protestors, including A.S. 
President Naomi Falk and Graduate 
Student Association President Steve 
Dubb. each face two charges: failure 
to disperse upon command (a misde-
meanor) and obstruction of a thor-
oughfare (an infraction)_ 

The next step in their proceedings 
is an April 16 senlement date, when 
each may begin pre-trial negotiations. 

[f convicled. the proteslors could 
face up to six months in jail andlor 
$500 in fines for the misdemeanor. 
and additional fines for the infrac-
tion. 

Tuesday's procedure was a closed 
session and did not require the stu-
dents or a judge to be present. How-
ever. attorneys will be representing 
the students on the sett lement date. 

The seniement conference will 
involve negotiations to possibly avoid 
going to trial. a decision which will 
remain for the individuals charged to 
personally decide with his or her at-
tomey. 

It is too early to know of any plans 
for the negotiations, Student Legal 
Services Director Anthony Valladolid 
said. Valladolid appeared at the ar-
raignment on the students' behalf. 

"A lot will happen between now 
and then," he said. 

Although Dubb said he would pre-
fer for the city to not press charges, he 
said that "[The city] wants to send 
some kind of message for the Augu t 
(Republican National) Convention." 

"We're not going to be intimi-
dated." Dubb said. 

Falk refused to comment. 
Those arraigned included Student 

Affirmati ve Action Comminee Chair 
Ingrid Benedict and UC Student As-
sociation Chair Kris Kohler. as well 
as members of MEChA, the Asian 
Pacific Islanders Association and No 
Retreat! 

FREE 
PRE~MED 
SEMINAR 
•• * •• * ••• *** 

III PRE .. MED ISSUES: 
Getting ready, acing the MCAT, AMCAS, 
the application, admissions , & interviewing. III MEDICAL SCHOOL: 
Overvitw & strtUtgies [Of success_ 

III RESIDENCY/CAREER: 
Choosing the right specialty for you! 
The future of medicine _ 

TIME: 
Tuesday, April 16th, 7 pm! 

." 

PLACE: 
The Cove, Price Center 

(just right of the Chin~~ r~staurant) 

SPEAKER: 
William H. Bresnick, M.D. 

UCSD Physician, MCAT expert & 
Co-Director, Columbia MCAT Review 

, 



f 

.,. 

4 OPINION 

EDITORIALS 
EdltorllJl Board 

TEDD lADO, Editor in Chief 
ANNA VAJSMAN, Co-M8naCIna EdItor 
SIMONE MIllER, CO-ManlCln. Editor 

BRENT JOHNSON, Opinion Editor 
TERRY lEW, Associate News Editor 

TIw UCSD _ .. II ........- _ • _. tho ~ oI~, Sen 0ietD. ConIMIIa 
01_. Views __ he""" _ tho m~ ..... of !he _Innll _d. end II. not 

neces_,1y _ of tile UC -., of R ....... tile ASUCSO. nor tho entire ~ 111ft 

An Open Letter to New 
UCSD Chancellor Dynes 

Congratulations, Robert Dynes, on your appointment to the 
UCSO chancellorship. As you take the helm of one of the top 
schools in the UC system, we urge you to consider the following 
issues and the impact your office can have upon them: 
'1M ........... UCSD CIwIer ... ScIIooI 

UCSD has the opportunity to hOlt &ground-breaking vent~ 
in education: the first Qn-campus high school in California geareC: 
specifically toward preparing low-income. un<W>rivileged high -
school students for college. Perhaps more importantly. the charter 
school would increase the dwindling number of minority students 
at ucSO and the UC system without dividing and discriminating 
on the basis of race. 

As with every new proposal, there are going to be problems. 
Critics have e~prcssed concerns over "incidents" as the high 
school kids adju.~t to a college atmosphere; the dangerous 
potential for inter-age dating; and the need for a feasible eating 
commons for the students. However, as UCSD chancellor, we 
urge you to put the weight of your office behind this plan . The 
charter school needs a concerned, visionary chancellor to guide it 
past obslaCles and to push it to completion - for the good of 
UCSO and of San Diego's underprivileged students. 
VItI .... "' ........ lbllIty 

UCSO's previous chancellor, Richard Atkinson, was a 
mastennind at bringing "the town and the gown" together and 
pumpi1\g money into a young, fledgling campus. In addition, 
Atkinson was able to micromanage effectively, putting competent 
people in top campus posts . However. in his efforts to improve 
UCSO. he often overlooked the people 'hltt have the greatesl 
voice and make up a majority of the campus population: the 
students. 

We implore you to seek maximum visibility and accessibility 
as our new chancellor. Write a monthly column in the Guardian 
or in another campus publication. Help freshmen move in on the 
tirst day of school. Provide students with a chancellor's web page 
or an e-mail address to get feedback. Most of all, walk around 
campus and visit with students. Many of the problems of the past 
- the co-op struggles, the battle for low-income housing, the 
Library Walk controversy - could have been alleviated if our 
chancellor had simply communicated with students. 
TIle fortoIt- 0011 ... : DC 

ASI UCSD's zest for ellpansion continues. its most recent 
campus, Roosevelt College, is beingJeft behind. As chancollor, 
we ask you to temper the enthusiasm of the UCSD planning 
office to jump into the building of a sixth college, without 
addressing the needs of a campus which feels slighted every day. 

Roosevelt still does not have its oifh dining facility . On-
campus residents have to make a daily pilgrimage to Muir or 
Revelle just to eal. And someone must check the audacity of 
UCSD Academic and Computing Services. a department which 
views Roosevelt as off·campus - and as such. its students are 
required to pay in full for e-mail access. 
Ac.d ... lel ..... 

In a state where many top-ranked universities, such as 
Stanford and others, allow its students to drop individual classes 
without penaUY up to the date of the final. UCSD stubbornly 
adheres to a four-week deadline to drop without the scarlet "W." 
Keeping the deadline set at four weeks docs absolutely nothing to 
achieve academic notoriety for UCSD. Students today face 
enough pressure already - due to the increasing need to work ill 
order to pay for college and a demanding post-college job market 

\ 
- to have to worry about what an unwarranted "W" would do to 
their records. UCSD needs to extend its "W" deadline at least to 
the sillth week, and a hands-on chancellor pushing for this 
proposal is the only way it will ever be approved. 

Another proposal which merits a second look is the " 15 
minutes ,between classes" plan. UCSD continues to grow in size, 
and mOre class time is cut because students must race from 
college to college. Students - and even colleges like Revelle, 
which are now being pushed to the periphery of campus because 
of growth - need a chancellor in favor of the IS-minute plan . 

Several other issues warrant discussion, such as the need for a 
chancellor who will stand up t" the regents on student issues, 
support outreach programs and concede to the new interpretation 
of Smith vs. Regents. But we are confident that the regents made 
the right choice and that, despite these challenges, you will be an 
e~cellent chancellor. Again, congratulation , 

Sincerely, 
UCSD GlUJrdian editorial board 

The UCSD Ouudian 
.. Thunday, April I t. 1996 

'# ' . 
. 

Ib~ 

PINION 
ltMMr GIT lUIS ~TRAIGUr..) 
Y"ou'Rt; CLAIMING TWo 

DOCrORS ~RC»A A eLi NIC srOl~ YOUR bGG5 J TOO? 

TUL U.C. rrRTI LITY SCANrnL GbTS [V[N LrTll(R ... 
UCSD's ALTERNATIVE 

MEDIA FAILS AGAIN 
COMMENTARY: This time, the People s Voice is to blame, 
employing faulty logic and misguided goal .to strike out on the issues 

Pet e r 
CHANG 

Starboard 
Salvo 

High on my list of plea- I'll be the first to admit that Asian surnames can 
lures II a newspaper colum- be a real bitch to spell sometimes (panicul.arly multi-
nillt is being the frequent tar- syllabic Japanese or Thai family names that are as 
get of allack by hysterical long as your arm). But this kind of alarming mis-
campus "revolutionaries." spelling of simple, single-syllable Chinese last 
The People's Voice is the lat- names is exactly the son of material which gives 
est iteration. in a relentless opponents of affirmative action their ammunition. 
stream of knee-jerlc reactions Of course, one must always accept the remote 
from the campus left. but disturbing possibility that the mistake was in-

Por the curious reader with tentional. An Asian Klansman? You know, it's amaz-
time to kill: Aside from the ing how multicultural and diverse the white su-
eight copies mailed to the par- premacists are geuing these days ---" which all sug- ' 
ents of the ~ ~ y- gests that maybe I should get myself 
writers, you a little, yellow, pointed hood. 
s h 0 u I d n ' t Back to the paper. 
have any In typical revolutionary prose -
pro b I e m $ that is to sa;: long on golly-I'm-so-

finding a spare issue. Look to tbe clever expressions like 
alternative media racks, and you'll "RepubliKlan" and "AmeriKKKa," 
find - in neat, unread stacks - cop- short on anything resembling coher-
ies of the latest People's Voice . entlogic - the article launches into 

On the first page, the editor poses a history of KKK poster-boy David 
a few questions: "The Republican Duke, attempting to equate racism, 
Revolution, the CCRI, the Death of .a.or~e 8u'" KKK and white supremacy politics 
Affinnative Action: hot media top-. to the Republican Party. Of course, 
ics or the beginning of a ruthless .... _ with the author of the piece conveniently 
backlash? So are you sick of it yet? [David] Duke "forgets" to mention that Duke ran 
Sick of the media 's portrayal of the briefly as a Democrat a decade be-
issues? Peel like the lone voice of on the fore his abortive presidential run. 
reason shouting at the throngs of ig- Well, no malter. 
norance?" economy. Ergo, Never allowing pesky things like 

The editor continues: "We need a Duke ... a.. facts or reality to get in the way, the 
place where our experiences, ideas article continues, suggesting that 
and opinions aren't restricted to the Bush ... a.. "Duke suppons the Republican Party 
op-ed page of the Guardian and in Republican because it espouses the identical po-
Letters to the Editor. That is the sitions as his own. Duke simply 
People s Voice . It is a place where P.tJ equals states the racist ideology and epithets 
we can communicate 10 our commu- the KKK. which the Republican Pany, other-
nity and make it stronger. A place wise known as the RepubliKlan [sic] 
where alternative views are appre- Pany, codifies. It is difficult for the 
ciated, not silenced. I hope that by reading this pa- RepubliKlan Party to escape the flct that the plat-
per you will be educated, entertained and inspired form and policy proposals of Duke mirror its own." 
to continue the struggle." The article offers the following evidence as 

Educate. entenain and inspire? And build a siron- "proor': 
ger community, to boot? That's a tall order. "USA Today stated, 'The White House is hard-

Question: Docs the Peoples Voice deliver? pressed to explain how Duke 's message on the 
The first article fires a salvo at yours truly en- economy differs from President Bush's. '" 

titled Exposi"g Peter Klan, which argues that - So ... 
han, on a second. George Bush agrees with Duke on the economy. 

Peter ... Klan? See YOICE, Page 6 

Th~rsc!ay, April II, 1996 The UCSD Guardian OPINION S 

COMMENTARY: The inappropriate action by a select few police officers should not cause us to question our 
entire public-safety system which, for the most part, operates to the benefit of society 

IMMIGRANT BEATING Is AN ISOLATED INCIDENT 
By Chris Ie""N, 
Staff Writ., 

Some very disturbing incidents 
have occurred in Southern Califor-
nia recently involving the use of 
excessive force by police officers 
against people who belong to mi-
nority ethnic groups . On talk 
shows, news programs and in 
printed media, people have been 
trying to use these isolated ex-
amples to indict our police forces 
en trUlsse, and to call for a radical 
restructuring of our law-enforce-
ment system, 

However, the blows delivered 
by the Riverside deputies to the il-
legal immigrants do not demon-
strate a system wildly out of con-
trol. but merely elucidate the ex-
istence of a few problem police 
officers within a system that works 
fairly well. 

While I do not condone the ac-
tions of the Riverside deputies in · 
this incident, I do see how it could 
occur. Police officers operate in a 
very high-stress environment, es-
pecially in Southern California. 
The deputies in question were in-
volved in a high-speed chase with 
a truck which was ramming other 
vehicles, and whose occupants 
were tearing apart a metal and fi-
berglass camper shell and throw-
ing it at the pursuing police ve-
hicles . 

Think of al1 the dangerous 
things that can happen to a person 
operating a vehicle at over 90 mph 

without having to deal with sharp 
objects thrown at the vehicle. Now 
think about what could happen if 
a heavy piece of metal were to hit 
the windshield of a car traveling 
at 90 mph. 

If it went through the wind-
shield and hit the driver or passen-
ger in the head - or anywhere 
else for that matter - the person 
would likely be killed or, at the 
very least. be seriously injured. 
Even if the metal or fiberglass 
piece only hit one of the tires it 
would cause a blowout - a situa-
tion which, at such high speeds, 
is potentially fatal. 

The deputies were involved in 
a high-speed chase with people 
who, by ramming other vehicles 
and throwing debris on the high-
way, were a serious menace to the _ 
police and others on the freeway. 

Once the driver made the deci-
sion to abandon the truck and flee 
on foot , there were two deputies 
faced with trying to arrest over 15 
people . They did not know 
whether the occupants of the truck 
were armed or unarmed, and this 
too added to the officers ' adrena-
line level. They were involved in 
a peri lous situation, and they let 
their anger and their adrenaline get 
the best o[ them. 

After ordering two of the men 
to get down, the officers were met 
with resistance. The immigrants 
probably did not know English, 
and a calmer person would likely 

NOW HIRING 
STUDENT 

DIRECTORS! 

Crltlcl .. from tile 
Mexican 
government 
concerning our 
Justice system Is 
el..., m ..... aced. 
They would do 
wei. to pull the 
.og out of their 
own eye before 
pointing to the 
speck of dust In 
ours. 
have realized that. Policemen are 
trained to usc their batons to force 
compliance in these situations and 
to deliver blows to the legs to 
force the perpetrator if he doesn ' t 
comply. 

The video tape makes it appear 

as though the deputies gOl carried 
away and used excessive force. 
We expect a standard of profes-
sionalism from our peace officers 
that waS not present in this case. 
The officers ' judgment was 
clouded from nervous energy, and 
it affected their professional stan-
dards, 

This does not excuse their be-
havior, but merely places it in con-
text. One of the officers involved 
was a 20-year-veteran police of-
ficer who had an outstanding 
record up to this point. The offic-
ers made a mistake, but that does 
not necessarily serve to indict 
them as evil men, or representa-
tive of a corrupt system. 

One shollld also examine the 
complaints of the Mexican gov-
emment concerning treatment of 
its citizens. In the ultimate em-
bodiment of hypocrisy, the Mexi-
can government expressed shock 
and concern over the incident. 
How many of you either know 
people or have yourself, as Ameri-
can citizens legally visiting 
Mexico, been harassed, beaten , 
robbed or all three and more, by 
the Mexican feder'les? 

While in San Pelipe over 
Spring Break, I met someone who 
was taken out of a club by the 
federAle", beaten witlt batons, 
robbed of his money and tossed in 
the street. 

If you had a video camera and 
thought to tape such an incident, 

they'd likely steal your camera 
and beat you, too. Or does anyone 
remember the expos~ a few years 
ago which showed Mexican 
federAles driving around in cars 
stolen from California, not even 
having the decency to take off the 
old California license plates? 
Criticism from the Mexican gov-
ernment concerning our justice 
system is clearly misplaced. They 
would do well to pull the log out 
of their own eye before pointing 
to the speck of dust in ours. 

And that 's the most imponant 
thing to remember: This incident 
and other isolated incidents like it, 
such as the Rodney King beating 
in 1991, do not damn the entire 
system as fhlwed . Our system 
works well. 

The civilian police force in 
America keeps us from anarchy in 
the streets on one hand. and a strict 
system of martial law - a la 
Singapore - on the other. 

Furthermore, our society does 
not make life easy for our peace 
officers. Judges continually set 
criminals free on minor technicali-
ties - criminals whom pCllice of-
ficers risked their lives to appre-
hend. 

Ajudge in New York City set a 
car thief with an extensive crimi-
nal record free because the thief's 
consent to the use of an allemate 
juror was not put in writing, even 
though he had verbally agreed to 

See BEATING, Page 6 

After Finals ... 

The A.S. Internship Office is seeking The Cramming Begins! DIRECTOR APPLICANTS 
for the 1996-1997 year. 

The following positions are available: 
Executive Director 

Development Director 
California Director 
San Diego Director 

Public Relations Director 
If you are interested, come to our info, night on 

Wednesday April 17 at 8:00 PM in the 
Price Center, Gallery A or call 534-4689 

for more information 

Having trouble getting your stuff home from college? Let Mail Boxes Etc~ pack and ship 
it for you. 
From computers and stereos to boxes of books and furniture, Mail Boxes Etc. handles 
your shipments with care. MBE can pack and ship just about anything. 
All it takes is one phone call to solve your special home from college packing and ship-
ping problems. No matter how large, how fragile, how valuable or how difficult, one C2ll 
takes it off your hands and puts it into ours, 

• MAJLICIXESETC· 

IT's NOT WHAT WE Do. IT's ~ 'WE Do IT.'" 

PICK UP SERVICE AVAILABLE 

VaNS SHOPPING CENTER 
n70 REGENTS RD or1 13 
• AN DIEGO , CA 92122 

TEL (6 19) "53-7331 FAX (619) 453-7335 
M-F8-7 AT 9-5 SUN 11-5 



6 OPINION 1'he UCSD 0uadiIn Thunday, April II, 1996 

VOICE: PeopJej- black middle class ,rew faster un- 1I11n.1DIy,'" If we must die, lot it not be in the Illitude to let away with such der the "Great Satan," beller vain." slteaaniaans. Alu, the liberal op-
Voice doesn't speak known as Ronald Reagan, than ............... Who's dividinl and excluding crates under cruel handicaps on 
for the people under any president in U.S. his- alll.d of , .... ,. on this campus? the modern Politically Correct 

tory. Readers are encoufa8Cd to tune campus. That oun yet remains the 
ContInued frem ..... 4 And we can conveniently (or- Ik ..... ....",.'. iD DOU week u letters pour in ar- voice of calm and balanced rea-
Ergo. Duke equals Bush equals get that, (or all its protestation to MtIc:e ...... filet gaing that such talk of dellh blows son speaks volumes of the merit 
Republican Party equals the KKK. the contrary, the Republican Party tIud, for 81. tile is OIIly .. metaphorical," and that it and logic which belie our positiOll. You know, I stayed awake 1000g is remarkably indistinlUishable is the "iporant" who are unso- Ultimately, the most disquiet-
enough in my high school hillOry from the Democrats. It could, in "re~.," phisticated cnouah to actually take ing a.pect of papers like the 
class to discover that Adolf Hitler fact, be said that the primary dif- rIIeto*,........., the words literally, If la Iec-T, who People s Voice is the fact that, for 
wu very much against unemploy- ference between Republicans and warns his lianers. "You best free all the "revolutionary" rhetoric, 
meat. So, re.der, on the topic of Democrats is that the Democrats WGIId4- .... your mindJbefore I free my nine nobody working on the publica-
unemployment, are you 011 Hitler's use a jackasa to symbolize their 

,1.111 a.- (mil Ii meter] ... tion seriously believes what he 
side, or are you alaUut him? As I pany. whereas the Republicans Of course, if any campus paper writes. Readers are told to "let us 
suspected. There are damn Nazis offer actual jackasses as Presiden- ....... ., ..... V .. were to write: die in funherance of our freedom," 
all over this campus. tial candidates. wIId_ •• Il ••. "We must strike the blach with or some such notsam. when dy-

Such monstrous leaps of logic But I digress. force/ with many blows from many ing is the last thing on any of the 
are common fare in the wonder- Curiously, while the People's over details/violence, nonvio- directions! arm yourself to deal writers' minds. Then again, one 
land we commonly call ethnic ac- Voice maintains terrible accusa- lenec, we must strikel many blows the death blowl blah blah blah," might be forgiven for these pub-
livi.m. Forlet the fact that the tions of "dividing and excluding from many directions/to bring the could the publishers then get away lic fits of self-dramatization when 
Republican Party has millions of students" leveled against conser- oppression to its knees! it is more with protesting that the violence the rest of us realize that the most 
non-white members (who are col- vative opinion writers, the paper imponantto swinS and swing with suggested was simply a "meta- revolutionary, left-wing activity 
lectively and summarily dismissed finds it consistent to include in its forcel than to argue from which di- phor" for white frustration? any of the staffers will see during 
as a bunch of sell-out Uncle "poetry" section on the blCk page: rection we should swing/ Arm They'd better not. the next 10 years is to register 
Toms) . Forget the fact that the "Let us not wute time arguing yourself to deal the death blow.! The truth is, only the Left has themselves Democrat. 

BEATING: try to enforce our laws and keep CIIv. tile poIoe perfect by any means, they do ety as a whole, nOC the profession the peace. endeavor to perform their jobs to itself. 
Police help make We should all remember that • the re .... ct .., the best of their abilities, UDder a Overall, though, police officers 
society safer for us as law-abiding citizens, the police ..... " •• They ... hilh stress environment and in a are good people trying to perform 

are on our side. Their job is to pro- their Iv_ for system that sometimes appears bi- a public service and a necessity to ContInued frem ..... I tect us from the marauding hordes ased against them in an extremely society. Oi ve the police the respect 
using the juror in coun in front of who would trample on our rights peopl. they don't hostile manner. they deserve. They risk their lives 
witnesses. of propeny, libeny and even life ~.v.r"'" We should all cut the police for people they don't know every Having their hard work under- itself. some slack. Sure, there are going day. I certainly wouldn't want to 
mined by screwy justices is defi- They go out and risk their lives about our business without having to be a few bad apples, just like Ii ve in a society without them and 

nitel~ enough to make frustrated every day to make our lives safe, to worry about the scourge of law- there will be in any other profes- their daily protection of all cili-
me~ .. nd women out of those who to make sure thaI you and I can go I{ssness. While the police are not sion. That is a reflection of soci- zens. 

UCSD PLUS CA'RD & DOMINO'S PIZZA DELI,VER GREA'T DEALS! 

Domino's Delivers'Right 10 Your Door 
On C~mpus and to Areas Around UCSD, 
Thsy, convenient, and fast! 
1. Call Domino's Pizza at 452-UCSO. 
2. Place your order using your UCSD Plus Card. You'll need to give 

your student 1.0. number to the Domino's phone person. 
3. Your order will be delivered to your door in about 30 minutes'· 

Call Domino's for delicious pizzas with your choice of three crusts 
and a variety of tasty toppings, Buffalo wings with special sauce, 
and new menu selectionS like garden fresh salad and yummy twisty 
bread with spices and pannesan. 

• UCSD Plus Omi memfIQ must be present with VIl1id J.D. card to sign for the order when 
it arrives. 

Umited dtlivuy ami. Dtlivery on campus and amlS adjacent to UCSD. $7.99 minimum 
purchllse requiml for delivery. Valid at UCSD Domino 's Pizza lOCAtion only. 
Drivers Clmy l~s than $20.00. 

FREE DELivERY 
11am - lam Sun_ - Thurs. 
11 am - 2am Fri. &: Sat. 
'II • eM • 

PLUS 
•• I~' • 
For more injomultion on UCSD Plus CArd, call 534-PLUS (7587). 

2 MEDIUM 10 BuFFALO WINGS MEDIUM 2-TOPPING 2 LARGE I-TOPPING 
2-TOPPING PIZZAS MARINATED in their own sauce and PIzZA, TWISIY law- DEEP·DISH PIZZAS served with Ranch Dressing 
'''' A>t 5p«W1 • 

& 2 Cous8 
FORONLyS14!11D • . $2W • FORONLYS!)'!! •• FORONLyS'l6'!! •• FOR ONLY"..... . 
au USl4S2-UCSD : . CALL USI4S2·UGD : . CALL USl4S2·UCSD : . au USI4S2-11CSD : . 
Not valid with Illy other offer. I!xpim 6/'Xl/96. Good on ~ or thin CI\IIt. <;.oupon ~ 

Not valid WIth any other oBer. I!lcp1m 61 196. 
Coupon ~ Not valid with my other gffer. 
Explm 6/ 196. 

-. Guardian Opinion: 
It will rock your world ••• 

Tbu~y,~1 II, 1996 The UCSD Guardian 

• 

If you're going to shell out hundreds of dollars for an L SAT 
prep course, you don't just want one that will show you what the 
test is like and then send you home. For the kind of money you're 
paying, you want the BEST course available. You definitely 
don't want to be crammed into huge classes, and you want your 
instructor to be an LSAT EXPERT who is available anytime 
to meet with you for personal tutoring. For the kind of money you're 
paying, you want to see REA L LSATs-with over 1900 questions 
published by Law Services, you don't want to waste your time and 
money on ersatz practice questions. And you don't just want to be 
given "access" to those questions. You want to OWN them. Most 
of all, you don't want to risk hundreds of dollars if you're not going 
to get a real guarantee that the course will produce results for you. 

YOU WANT THE EDGE. 

-!)G-
292-0100 

7 



8 The UCSD 0aInIiu " n.nday, April II, 1996 

• 

SAVE·THE PEOPLE YOU CALL UP TO 44% 
• 

ThuF$day, April II, 1996 The UCSD Guardian OPINION 9 

COMMENTARY: Recent studies revealing the embarrassing reading and writing levels of college students show 
the truly dangerous condition of our state's schools 

CALIFORNIA'S PUBLIC EDUCATION STILL FAILING 
By ..... .".. . 
Special to the Guardian 

A wing and a prayer. That may be 
the best description of the college 
preparation many students are getting 
from California's public schools. 
One-half of all freshmen in the Calj-
fornia State University system cannot 
read, write or compute at a college 
level. a new repon says. 

And at some campuses, such as 
Cal State Los Angeles and 
Dominguez Hills. more tlwl 80 per-
cent of entering freshmen need reme-
dIal work in Enghsh and math . CSU 
ad minislr'dtors are embarrassed, but 
not surprised at these numbers. 

They ' re used to it by now. For the 
third year in a row, more tllan 50 per-
cent of incoming freshme~ failed the 
basic proficiency exams in English 
and math. The failure is pervasive. 

But poor and minority students are 
being hit hardest by the rude college 
awakening. The latest figures show 
that in 1994, 80 percent of blacks, 72 
percent of Hispanics, 45 percent of 
whites and 40 percent of Asians 
needed remedial math. In English, 70 
percent of blacks and Hispanics 
needed special help, while 68 percent 
of Asians and 25 percent of whites 
required remedial education. 

The problem is a moral rot and 
academic decay that has infected ev-
ery level of education, extending all 
the way to grade schools. We see the 
symptoms every year: plummeting 
scores. ignorant graduates, teachers 
who mistake self-esteem for basic 

skills, and students who don't care. 
The regimen for strengthening 
education's atrophied muscles begins 
like any good fitness program: 11\ ac-
curalc diagnosis, higher expectations, 
and harder work. 

The blood is beginning to flow in 
the body politic. The same week the 
dismal statistics were released in Cali-
fornia, the nation's governors met 
with educators and business leaders 
in Palisades, N. Y. , to discuss what can 
be done to revitalize achievement 
The governors agreed on only one 
thing: Tough education tandards are 
needed now more than ever. 

California, however, is a superb 
case study of the promise and peril of 
standards-talk. Once standards are 
agreed on, "whose" and "what" be-
come the next questions. The Golden 
State has been experimenting with 
several different kinds of standards 
si nce the I 980s. In recent years, when 
lawmakers and educators talked about 
rigorou academic standards, they 
often meant something quite differ-
ent from parents, businesses, or the 
dictionary 'S understanding of the 
term. Under the guidance of Superin-
tendent of Public Instruction Bill 
Honig in 1983, Califomia wanted to 
gtve college preparation to every stu-
dent. ' 

Before then, the only requirement 
to graduate was physical education. 
Honig overhauled the curriculum, 
imposed stiff graduation require-
ments. and established rigorous new 
criteria for textbook adoption. 

'l ? , les and Oakland, did ROC improve as and CS(:hewed tried and ~ phonics. 
"- • • it quickly. Educrats thought they still After aImosa a l,Iecadc of such stan-

• r knew better than what parents had dards, the depressing consequences 

The probI .... Is a 
moral rot and 
acadeInlc decay 
that has Infected 
every level of 
education, 
extending all the 
way to grade 
schools. 

It worked for a while, anyway. 
Standardized test scores began to 
creep slowly upward, especially 
among younger students. California 's 
average SAT scores rose an encour-
aging I I points in just three years. By 
1986, California's students tied the na-
tional average SAT with a combined 
score of 906 - not great, but not too 
shabby either. 

But the results were not consid-

voted for when electing Honig to are now well known. 
return to the fundamentals. 'The los- California's students currently 
ers were young. poor minority stu- rank last on national assessments in 
dents. Many education experts re - reading, and near the bottom in math. 
jected objective standards as too Most students fared poorly on the 
limiting. California Learning Assessment Sys-

Honig and others also became tern (CLAS) test,ll now«funct exam 
concerned that higher standards and that asked students to answer ques-
greater discipline cou ld frustrate tions based on their feelings, and per-
and hun students' self-esteem. In- milled them to answer questions. in 
stead ofleaming to read, Honig said, certain cases, by drawing pictures and 
children ages four, five and six working in groups. And, of course; 
should be spending their days lis- SAT scores have eroded. By 1994, 
tening to stories, acting out plays, California's average had fallen II 
counting with beans, growing plants points to 895, reversing the small 
in the windows and building with gains that had been made since 1983. 
blocks. For his pan. Honig is repentant. 

So in 1987. education experts Where we went wrong, he confessed 
donned their academic butterfly nets to the San Francisco Chronicle last 
and went chasing after the feel-good year, is that we weren't strong enough 
notions of lower standards. which on the basic kills. We thought teach-
they thought would translate into ers would continue teaching the skills, 
higher self-esteem. New state cur- but they didn't. 
riculum frameworks relegated basic Today, California lawmakers are 
skills to secondary status. For ex- taking a promising step by check-
ample, the new language-arts frame- ing the bureaucrats. By introducing 
works declared that the conventions some measure of citizen represen-
of spelling, handwriting, grammar tation in determining standard, 
and punctuation should be taught as there is a chance that education will 
subskills. at least be "lore responsi ve when it 

The new frameworks intro- fails . Democracy depends on the . 
duced "whole language" and "new knowledge and virtue of the citi-
math" into schools. Whole language zenry. One way to help education is 
proved the most destructive, loosen- to reintroduce the e ideals into a 
ingstandards'boltscompletely.ltsad- system that has ignored the basics 

ered equitable. Some inner-city vocates believed that kids could learn and frustrated real reform for fartoo 
schools, particularly in Los Ange- to read by being exposed to reading, long. 

1996 ASUC'SD 

REVELLE Plaza 
MUIR at MOM 

PETERSON Hall 
LIBRARY WALK at the Price Cent~ 

CENTER HALL 
Vote ind enter drawl III for FREE PRIZES I 



10 NEWS 

DYNES: New 
chancellor stresses 
competitiveness 
c.tIIIued ........... 1. 
him 1O the university, 

··He convinced me directly that 
UCSD - in part becIUIe it doesn't 
have this Iong-llMding tnldilion -
is very nexible. And if you have a 
good idea. you can make it happen." 
Dynes said. "I believed it then, 1 
came here. and 1 believe it even 
more now. With good ideas and 
with good intellect. you can make 
things happen here." 

UCSDGraduale Student Associa-
tion President Steve Dubb, who served 
as the graduate-student representa-
tive to the comminee, said he was 
impressed with Dynes' agenda. 

"He actually outlined some im-
plrtantgoals for the campus," Dubb 
said. "HereaJized that students don 't 
rca II y feel a sense of community at 
this campus." 

'Building a campus community 
was the first of several goals Dynes 
outlined for UCSD, which he called 
"the brightest rising star in the con-
stellation known as the Universtty 
of California." 

Despite UCSD' s research promi-
nence, Dynes said the 36·year·old 
campus lacks the sense of commu-
nity which is common to older 
schools such as Harvard or UC Ber-
keley . 

4 f'With youth comes strength, but 
with youth comes inexperience," he 
said. "I think we need 1O be more 
responsive to students' needs inside 
UCSD, and I will work toward that. 

'This is a lovely campus, but 
there's not the same sense of tradition 
and community here," he added. 'The 

seeds 0( a COIIIIIUIity ha\'C already 
been sowed," He wiD ___ his po-. 
silion on July I. Dynes added. 

'1bc Ubnry Walk is a full com-
poaentofthe tenlCofcommunity I'm 
taIkina Ibout, " he said. "In spite 0( all 
the difficulty we went 1hrough.1 think 
it'ucenttalfocal 
poiaAlitdevd-
opI its own fta-
VOl'. 1 think it will 
become a cenInI 
point of the 
UCSD~" 

Dynes said 
another of his 
major goals is 
making students 
competitive for 
the 21 st century 
economy. 

The UCSD Guardian 

lively recnaiIinJ faculty, u weD u 
by increuinc the number UId qual-
ity of partnerships with local re-
search iRllitutions and businesaes. 

"Both partncn will benefit from 
such relatioDihips. but the great-
est benefit will accrue to the San 

Diego region in 
terms of a more 
vital economy 
and. better 
quality oflife," 
he said. 

Current In-
terim Chancel-
lor Marjorie 
Caserio said she 
plans to return 
to the Chemis-
try Department 
as a professor 
emeritus. 

" -Thunclay, April II. 1996 

New UCSD Cbancellor 
Works and Plays Hard 
RUNNER: Canadian-
born Dynes' sense of 
humor shines through 
., ............. 
News EdItor 

nation, and he wiD IUCCCllfully 
lead the campus iato the 2111 cen-
tury." 

The Chancellor Search Com-
mittee - comprised of regents, 
faculty, students, staff and repre-
sentalivesfromtheUCSDAlumni 
Association and the UCSD foun-
dation - selected Dynes from an 
original pool of more than 100 
candidates. 

"A 101 of these 
((ids graduating 
now are worried 
about whether 
they're going to 

Courtesy uCSD CommunIceIlons 
Boss: Dynes will become 
UCSO's sixth chancellor 

"[ think I've 
paid my dues 
administra -
tively," she said. 

At 5:30 Tuesday morning. 
physics researcher and Professor 
RobenDynesgotoutofbed,laced 
up his running shoes and went for 
his customary five-mile jog. 
Dynes, 53, was having a hard time 
imagining the tum his life would 
take later that morning, when he 
would be appointed UCSD's new-
est chancellor. 

"I run every morning .... I'm a 
fanatic about running," Dynes said 
in a press conference Tuesday, 
after his appointment was made 
official. ". was out running this 
morning, and I thought to myself, 
'Bob, what are you doing? Roger 
Revelle, Dick Atkinson, all the 
other [UCSDI chancellors -this 
is a tough act to follow. '" 

Dynes was born in London, 
Ontario in Canada into a working-
class family. As graduation from 
high school neared, Dynes was 
faced with his first major career 
decision. 

"I had to make a choice be-
tween college and hockey," Dynes 
recalls. "At one poi ntl had a con-
tract with the Toronto Maple Leafs, 
I never played with them, but I 
played with the Junior 'A' team 
owned by the Toronto Maple 
Leafs." 

get a job, so I have a very strong 
commitment to making our students 
as competitive as possible," he said. 
"[t's a very fierce international com-
munity that we live in today , so we 
have to give them every opportunity 
possible." 

Sabatini noted that Dynes' expe-
rience in the pri vate sector prepared 
him well for administering a public 
university. 

"I don't think any chancellor can 
work effectively with students if he 
hasn't had experience in the past," 
Sabatini said. "He Icnows that stu-
dents of today looking for jobs are 
asking themselves not where they 
are going to work, but if they are 
going to work." 

One way Dynes hopes to increase 
students' competitiveness is by ac-

Caserio added that during her 
tenure she made the chancellor's 
office more responsive to campus 
concerns, rebuilt the campus after 
years of budget cuts and began to 
address outreach efforts in the wake 
of SP-I. 

However, ASUCSD President 
Naomi Falk cast doubts on Caserio' s 
accomplishments and said Dynes 
would be a welcome change. 

"What you need most in a chan-
cellor is someone who is willing to 
take chances, willing to stick out 
[his] neck and willing to fight for 
those things [he] believes in," Falk 
said. ". think [Dynes] will do a lot 
beuer job of building the relation· 
ship between the administration and 
the students than any of our previ-
ous chancellors have done." 

The UC Board of Regents offi-
cially gave its stamp of approval 
Tuesday to UC President Richard 
Atkinson's recommendation that 
Dynes succeed him as the sixth 
chancellor of the 17,264-student 
university. 

"Bob Dynes brings to UCSD 
an excellent balance of teaching, 
scholarly research, as well as man-
agement experience in academia 
and private industry," Atkinson 
said. "He is respected and admired 
throughout the UC system and the 

Dynes ultimately opted to go to 
college on a scholarship from the 
London Board of Education and 
studied science at the University 
of Western Ontario. Urged by his 
professors to pursue a degree in 
physics. Dyneseventually enrolled 
at McMaster University, where he 
received a master's degree and a 
Ph.D. in physics. 

From there, his pas~ion for 
physics grew exponentially. 

After college and graduate 
school, during a period of almost 
22 years, Dynes worked at AT&T 

See PROFILE, Page 11 

1996 'Sablnl 'Award 
Apply Today! 

At Saturn, we believe in the importance of teamwork, 80 if you're working 
on a student project that's making a dHference on your campus 

or in your community, we want to know about it 
DOES YOUR PRO JECT QL..A~ ' ~'r 

YOIIr gro.ps project will be judged for: 
• Team initiative and enterprise. 
• Creative solutions. 
• Maximization of impact. 
• Enhancement of the campus 

community environment 
• Utunching a campus-wide recycling program. 
• Hosting an international slUdent fair. 
• Raism, funds for the homeless. 
• SW1ing an alternative spring break program. 

T"'E'Iv "iN NG TEAM ON CA~PuS '"" : ~_ ;;EeE • E 

• $1000 and the preatigious Saturn Award presented during 
• special on-amptl8 ceremony. 

• The chance to win The National Saturn Award of $5000 

restrlctloni apply 

c 

Pid ._ 1fJfI" a#lictltUnl at: 
Student OrpJ\iutiool , Leadenhip Opportunitia, 
Price Center, 3rd floor 
Appllatlods clue by 5:00 p.m. April 26, 1996 
• T9ma of three or IIIOI'e students can apply. 

CONY.NI ... ' LOCATION 

• EIi8IbIe projeda either began or were active and 
completed within ooe year prior to your echool's 
application deadline. 
Sell .... questions! W.1 be happy ro __ ..... ,.,... 
)ustcal: I~S·SlOt Scoum Oot """"""1Madqua .... 
or cal pour campus _at: PRICE CENTER (61')514-0501 

II.SI\T\RN-
O. CA."ua 

677·9000 

Thurs;day, April II, 1996 

PROFILE: New 
chancellor stresses 
competitiveness 
Continued from pa&e 10 
Bell Laboratories, one of the nation's 
most recognized research organiza-
tions. During his career, Dynes has 
received a slough of awards, arid in 
1988 was elected to the National 
Academy of Sciences . 

In 1991 , Dyne wa lured away 
form Bell Laboratories by then-
UCSD chancellor Richard Atkinson, 
who promised Dynes that "he could 
make thing happen lat UCSDJ." 
Since then, Dynes has served as a 
professor of physics, chair of the 
Physics Department and eniorvice 
chan~e ll or or academic affairs. 

Dynes, apparently not one to sit 
back on his hee l , indicated Tues-
day hi s immediate desire to follow 
Atkinson's advice. 

"We must continue to build a 
strong sense of community at thi. 
young campus," Dynes said. "A 
strong and vibrant sense of commu-
nity will enable UCSD to accom-
modate the additional growth ex-

PANEL: 
Speaker say CCRI 
will impact women 
ContInued from page 1 
for the disparate orientation of ra-
cial compositions and low socio-
economic situation ," Watson said. 
''The one thing the regents' deci -
sions did was complicate our ef-
forts . " 

Bernstein , ci ting di versity as 
UCSD's "i ntellectual mis ion," ral-
lied against the regents' measures 
aimed at ending affirmative action. 

"SP- t and SP-2 will limit diver-
sity not only in respect [o ourethnic 
makeup, but al 'o in re peet to our 
Idea>. particularly wtthin the UCSD 
faculty ," Bernstein said. 

Sano presented statistics and 
supplementary re earch from the 
UCSD Admis ions Task Force to 
illustrate the "impossibility" of sus-
taining UCSD's current demo-
graphic and ethnic makeup without 
.dfinnative-action programs. 

'There tS no way [he same number 
of minority students can be sustained 
without rescinding the regental deci-
ions P·I and SP-2," Sario said. 

Sario added that the U~ivers ity 
of California Master Plan. instituted 
In I l)g~ . reqUired each L. campus 
10 implement Ib own afflnnative-
aCllon program . 

"Thc deCision of the regents es-
sentially killed the UC statement 
and is going to be a long-term, prob-
lematic issue in university admis-
sions," Sario said. 

Hervey and Benedict al 0 di s-
cussed the impact of anti-affirma-
tive·ac ti on senti ments agai nst 
women and minority groups both on 
campus and in the job market. 

"A ffirmative action affects 
women at three separate levels 
within university admissions and 
retention, hiring and programs," 
Hervey said. "Measures like CCRl 
will make it illegal to have a 
women's center on campus and i I Ie-
gal to allocate special funding for 
women' athletics." 

Benedict also noted the impor-
tance of panel discussions "because 
of the misconceptions and myths 
about affirmative action:' 

"CCRI is not just another cam-
pus issue students should ignore," 
she added. "They should not be sit-
ting back and waiting to see what 
happens in the November election." 

"I ._ 0lIl runnl .. 
tills """'n& ..... I 
. thoullht to m, .. If, 
'Bob, wlud •• you 
doing? ROi-
Rev.II., DIck 
Atkinson, .11 the 
ot ..... (UCSD] 
chancellors - this Is 
• tough act to 
follow.'" 

- Robert Dynes 
UCSD Chancellor Designate 

pected in the next 15 years." 
Dynes also alluded to plans of 

expanding the ba IC re earch enter-
prise which currently operates on 
the Torrey Pines Mesa. 

"I have this feeling in my guts 
that the Torrey Pines Me a has the 
potential to be the best research en-
terpri se in the world," Dynes said. 
"1 think we have the opportunity to 
set thc world on fire." 

Despi te his love of physics, 

The UCSD Guardian 

Dynes insisted that he does not fit 
the mold of a stereotypical "mad 
scientist" 

"I'm not a geek," Dynes said, 
flashing a smile. "This will not 
show up today, because I'm keep-
ing it under control. but I have a 
deep sense of humor. I laugh a lot, 
and I believe that laughter is part 
of life, and it makes it easier to do 
things. " 

Even Interim Chancellor 
Marjorie Caserio praised Dynes' 
ense of humor. 

"[Dynes] is a superlati ve teacher, 
mentor, researcher and administra-
tor, and he also tells good jokes," 
she said. 

In an interview Wednesday, 
Dynes recalled one of the first times 
that he was enthralled by the tudy 
of physic . 

"I remember one instance where 
I did an experiment and got a result 
and began to understand something," 
Dynes said. "I came to the realiza· 
tion that [was the only person in tile 
entire world that understood this. 
That's an amazing feeling, that no-
body else in the world knows what 
you know." 

"It turned out that it wasn't a 
particularly big thing, but it was 
mine. And it's hard toexplain it, but 
it's very exciting," he added. 

Dynes is optimistic that serving 

"I remember on. 
Instance where I did 
.n .xperlment .nd 
.ot.r .... n.nd 
began to und .... t.nd 
something. I came 
to the realization 
that I •• s the only 
person In ~he entire 
world that 
understood this. 
That'. an amazln. 
feeling, that nobody 
e.se In the world 
know. what you 
know." 

- Robert Dynes 
UCSD Chancellor Designate 

NEWS II 

as chancellor will give him addi-
tional opportunities for learning and 
discovery . 

In a subtly emotional moment of 
Tuesday's press conference, Dynes 
told members of the media that he is 
the first member of his family to 
have received a college education. 

"I have a profound respect for 
what a college education can do," 
Dynes said. "I am an example of 
what a college education can do." 

Until July I, when he officially 
takes office, Dynes will pursue his 
research and keep up with his jog-
ging regime, which could seem ex-
tensive to some. 

One of Dynes ' favorite week· 
end running routes spans from 
UCSD, along the Torrey Pines 
Mesa. down the road into Del Mar, 
up into Solana Beach and back.' 
Dynes also enjoy trail running 
and mountain running. 

Dynes will soon take on a huge 
new responsibility, but one thing 
appears certain: if he proves to be 
as active in his chancellorship as 
he is in his running shoes, UCSD 
could go places it has nevcr een 
before. 

••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

A.S. INTERNSHIP OFFICE 

INTE SHIP' 
INFORMATION NIGHT 

INTERNSHIPS AVAllABLE THROUGHOUT SAN DIEGO 
WHEN: WEDNESDAY APRIL 17 

8:00 - 9:00 PM 
WHERE: PRICE CENTER 

GALLERY A 

• Oliver 
Peoples 

• Guess 

• Matsuda 

• Calvin 
Klein 

• Cartier 

• Armani 

F IE E I PAIR (OLORED CONTACTS FreshLoob: Brown Eyes to Blue, Green, Hazel 01 5 PAIR, I·DAY A(UYUE Disposable Contact LeIl5eS: PLO to -6.00 W,lh the purchase of ""y cootaCl tens package betow 
$89 DAILY ~129 DISPOSABLE WEAR ~ LENSES 

COMPLETE COMPLETE Inc ......... 6-pad1 
ALL specials indude ienSti, exam, eyecore ka and IoIIbw ';sil. 

WE SPECIALIZE IN CONTACT LENSES 
• Gas·permeable hard lenses • Soft lenses for astigmatism 

• Sports lenses • u.v. lenses • Colored lenses 
• Thoulands of lenses in stock • Emergency Service 

ONE HOUR SERVICE· 6 DAYS A WEEK 
STUDEIII DISCOUIITS 011 MOST COil An LlIlS 'ICIAIIS 

.. in MO"CGMt 

• PaESClIPOONS fWD 
• GlAssEs DUPlICATED 
• COMPlIlI m EXAMS 
• No APfOINTMENT NECESSARY ••• 



12 NEWS 

CHEATS: Labs 
remain essentially 
unchanged each year 
Conti toed front ,... 1 
cheating)?'" Sallman added. 

However. ~ertain biology stu-
dents argued that the number of in-
dividuals using labs from previous 
quarters is much greater than one or 
two percent. 

"I would say that over 90 percent 
of the people who are in labs use 
previous labs not to copy. but just as 
a point of reference." a Marshall 
senior and biology major said. ''It's 
been going on forever, and it will go 
on until the end of time." 

While many students agreed that 
they and many of their peers refer to 
previously completed_ lab reports, 
some Insisted that this practice can 
ultimately hurt students rather than 
help them. 

"[Copying labs) is not right -
it's plagiarism," said Judson 
Krosney. a Muir senior and biology 
major. "But at the same time, the 
class is what you make of it. ... 1 

would rather know the malerial for 
my own good." 

"By doing labs and calculations. 
you prepare for the tests," he added. 
"I laugh at ( students) who copy labs 
- they get murdened on exams." 

The complainants alleged that. 
because labs are virtually the same 

"For bIoc ...... 1ca1 
t ... -wI .... , .... ..... 
... V ....... the .... . 
sllICe God know. 
....... the only till ... 
that h_ chan, ... I. 
the color of .... 
........ ofthe .. b 
.... na.l ...... cally, 
one penon tak .. 
the coane, and 
others can ride on 
the coat WI. of that 
person. 

- MonJlftOllS We".., Itudent 

add color 
to your documents 

~he difference 
is black ~-
and \Nhite 

How much difference does color 
make? It's been found that it can help 
sell your ideas 50 to 85% more 
effectively than black and white, 

depending on it's used. Color gets attention and 
helps people retain infonnation. So take advantage of 
our color capabilities when creating your next 
presentation or proposal. Visit our Web site at 
hnp://www.kinkos.com or 
call 1-800-2-KINKOS 

full-color copies· 

1cN..-s-
"'Inadl~ 

f~ , . . 
" 
. 

from year to year. it is rclilively 
easy for students to use calculations 
and copy "write-ups" from previous 
years. In addition. they asserted that 
students steal corrected quizzes and 
tests which are left out to be picked 
up and use them as answer keys. 

"For biochemical techniques, the 
labs have been the same since God 
knows when," the Warren biology 
major said. "The only thing that has 
cbanged is the color of the paper of 
the lab manuals." 

"Basically. one person takes the 
course, and others can ride on the 
coat tails of that person," the student 
added. 

Biology Department officials 
contend that changing lab courses 
dramatically from yearlo year would 
be virtually impossible, however. 

"You can't just isolate mitochon-
dria in a new way," Saltman said. 
"You might put in new numbers, but 
you ti II have to isolate mitochon-
dria." 

Biology Professor Gabriele 
Wienhausen agreed. 

"Selling up labs is not something 
you do overnight," she said. "We 

-AllllDet ... tMrd of 
.......... tills 
c ........ bIoIoO 
IIIII,Ion, ... It'. 
..,.., ........... d 
...... No_I. 
..,....,'fIo .. .... 
look. butt..tI .... ' 
We .. ..,..." 'I.nd 
over, ........ 
a.. .. .....,....Ics.'" 

- Paul SaItman 
Professor of Biology 

change them somewhat in the sum-
mer months, but we cannot change 
them out of the blue." 

"These are experiments designed 
to train students in certain phenom-
ena and techniques," she added. 
"You cannot change them." 

Sallman conceded that the biol-
ogy courses are very competitive 
and place great intellectual demands 
on students. and that occasionally 

Like to 
meet people? 
We need you. 

If you're a UCSD 
student who's 
not afraid to get 
out in the world, 
the Guardian 
could use you. As 
our advertising rep, you'll have flexible hours, 9% 
to 14% commission, and something on your 
resume besides mowing the lawn. Please call Ann 
today at 534-3467 or stop by our office in the 
Student Center. 

Econom 

'UV .... H\J'V LENSES 
-. ...... .., 1Irown~1O_. $169 
.-....... -. __ .c.. •• .-......, ..... 
............. 
. .,.,.. . ., ..... 
. .."... ...... a-....... 
...... -

Ott., ... p . 5/11,.1 
IIr. "."". CtIIIa, II.D. tic.", ." •• • "",.ut:a 

4150 REGENTS PAIl RowSn.l60 
Lt .... .., ........ ..,., .. , 

546-10 

.. Thursday. April 11. 1996 

cheatiDg does occur. 
"AlmoSt one-third of students on 

this campus are biology majors, and 
it's tough. hard-nosed biology," 
Saltman said. "No one is saying, 
'00 out and look at butterflies.' We 
are saying, 'Bend over, here comes 
thermodynamics. '" 

The Warren biology major ex-
pressed disappointment at the labo-
ratory classes, saying they had left 
behind a "bad taste." 

'Tm on the verge of graduating. 
I'm happy, but my university expe-
rience could have been much bet-
ter," the student said. "I ask myself, 
'Why did I work so hard when I 
could have copied [the labs)?''' 

Wienhausen, who said the issue 
oflab plagiarism has been discussed 
during Biology Education Commit-
tee meetings, asserted that the Biol-
ogy Department is on the verge of 
implementing new policies to stem 
this kind of cheating. 

"Sometimes it is very hard to 
find and identify cheating," 
Wienhausen said. "If we don't get 
feedback from students, it's hard to 
make a dent" 

FlEE B Fc.J1I 
"- CONUItallon and [NIW , ............ S2S .alll(. 
Fin",i ... ellm" only W'tth ,hisod. Exp. 5/11/96 

'EI.IIEI' (~ EVUROWS 
.UEI, (~U~~U 1I~ 
.nlUIU ) .~;~. 
*':iIs" fORMULA 

sm URE 

J U.OfRAAM S IAf. STS • liZ bIocl jromVCSD 
Relaxing, 
FritNIl1 , fI~:6ESR S jffJTrct. roES lexander's 

ELECTROLYSIS 
& Sian CGTe Clinic 

UI2 .IUDlY CT. lUI 
LA JOLLA cI.p •• m CUTER 

558-0888 
« . ALPHA CHI OMEGA· :> 
o r' 
U..l "tl 

~ Alpha Chi ~ 
~ Omega 0 

~Sprmg Rush~ 

« 
o 
U..l 
:E 
o 

~ 
r' 
"0 
::t: 
:> 
() 
::t: 

o 
3: 
tTl 
o 
:> 

() 
:r: For more infonnation call ::t: 
U Kelly 453-1797 0 

~ 3: 
Q" tTl 
..J 0 
« . ALPHA CHI OMEGA' ;l> 

Find it 
Sell it 

Guardian Classif ieds 
Ju .. t f,lI out .. form uJl .. t.~ir<; 

In the Stude"t Cf'ntf'r 

Rage Against the 
Machine rocks 
See page H18 

UCSD GUARDIAN ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT APRIL 11.1996 

Ston thet ·ree 
1 t1~ 
the followlnc Il10,,1 •• 
open In tllHters tonIor-
row. 

• Mark Wahlberg (a.k.a. 
"Marky Marlc") plays a psy-
cho boyfriend in Fear, which 
opens at theaters throughout 
San Diego. 

• The Kids in the Hall star in 
. Brain Candy, a 111m about a 
prescription drug which turns 
into a national obsession. It 
opens al theaters throughout 
San Diego. 

• Franco Zeffirelli adapts 
Charlotte Bronte's Jane Eyre. 
William Hurt and Anna 
Paquin star. It opens at the 
Hillcrest Cinemas and the 
Cove Theatre in La Jolla. 

The following album. 
will be In record stor •• 
Tuesday. 

• Bass is Base will release 
Memories of fi, e Soul Shack 
Survivors. 

• The Jesus Lizard makes its 
major label debut wi th Shot. 

• Time Bomb Record~ will 
will release local band No 
Knife's Drullk on the 
Moon, with wider distribution 
than it received when Golden 
Rod released i I lasl year. 

• Richard Thompson will 
release YOll? file? LIS?, a dou-
ble album, half of which is 
acoustic. 

• Mind Science of the Mind 
will release lIS e lf-ti tled 
debut. 

• Tickets are on sale now for 
Bad Religion, which will 
play with Dance Hall Crash-
ers and Unwrillen Law 011 
May 15 at SOMA Li ve. Tick-
ets are $16. Info: 239-
SOMA. 

• Tickets are on sale now for 
Tears for Fears, which wi ll 
perform on May 10 at 4th & 
B. Info: 220-TIXS. 

• Tickets are on sale now for 
the British group, Cast. 
which will perform on May 3 
at SDSU's Backdoor. Info: 
220-TIXS. 

CANAdiAN COMiCS, 
KidS iN ThE H."I I J 

MAkE ThEA fiLM dEbUT 
he Canadian come-
dy group 'The Kids 
in the Hall" devel-
oped a cult 
following 
in America 

a few years ago with a 
Friday-night show on 
CBS. The troupe (David 
Foley, Bruce McCulloch, 
Kevi n McDonald, Mark 
McKi nney and SCOIl 
Thompson) taped its last 
episode almost two years ago and 
many of its stars have gone on to 
other projects. The Kids have 
reunited for the group's first film, 
Brain Candy. about a prescription-
drug craze, which is due in the-
aters tomorrow. 

In the movie, the Kids portray 
over 40 different characters. 

including "Suicida l Business-
man," "White-Trash Man" and 
"White-Trash Woman." Recently, 

McKinney, a cast mem-
ber of the current incar-
nation of "Saturday 
Night Live," spoke by 
phone from New York 
about the appeal of 
'1'he Kids in the Hall." 
G".rdi.n: You 
.tudied ,o1Hic11 
sdenc:e In colee •. 

How did you pi Into come-
dy1 

McKinney: 1 only went to 
school because I was following 
this girl I was in love with. I 
flunked out. At that point in the 
Canada, your only option was to 
go to Calgary for employment 
because it had jobs in the oil 

industry. So [ went there and 
ended up fixing old pianos. In Cal-
gary, there was a British guy who 
was an improv guru who invented 
Theatre Sports. He had a theater, 
and I walked in with Norm His-
cock [the Kids' writer) . We saw 
this show of teams of impruvisers 
and had to do it. The next week, 
we were on stage doing it. Bruce 
McCulloch came along about five 
months later, and we coalesced 
into a group called the Audience. 

Kidding around: 
The Kids in the 
Hall (top) play over 
40 characters in 
their new film. 
White Trash Man 
(Bruce McCulloch, 
left) and White 
Trash Woman 
(Mark McKinney, 
right) share a ten· 
der moment in 
Brain Candy. 

Then we moved to Toronto and hit 
the big time. 
Is there anythi", intrinsi-
cally ealUlCb1 about your 
comedy? 

To an e)(tent, yes, especially as 
it relates to influences and what 
comes aero s radio and televi ion. 
Canada is swamped with Ameri-. 
can cu lture, but it al 0 has a lot of 
British comedy. Eventually, every-
one became a fan of Monty 

See CANDY, page H17 

BY JEff NiESEL. 
HiATUS EdiTOR 



Hl4 HIATUS The UCSD Guardian ptursday, April II , 1996 

JC~I~~8i_r __ ·~ __________________ _ 
Today, April 11 & B at 8 p.m. on Fri., April 12. For loN .... y will perform at Brick by 

info, call 231-4343 or 220-8947. Brick at 9 p.m. on Fri., April 12. 
Noon, Muir Field, Muir Collegt;. 
For information, call 453-1797. 

David WIcox ... K .... Bono" will perfonn at 4th & B at 
8 p.m. tonight. For information, 
cal l 23 1-4343 or 220-8497. 

Steven Schk:k will perform at 
the Mandeville Auditorium at 8 p.m. 
tonight. For info, call 534-8497. 

Wild Child and Blue 
Tomato will perform at the Belly 
Up Tavern at 9 p.m. tonight. Call 
481-9022 or 220-8947 for info. 

Friday, April 12 
Lee Rocker and Bic Blue, 

Hot Rod Unc:oIn and the 
Sleepwall .. will perform at 4th 

Buck·O·Nlne (above), 
Spruill Monkey, GoldfillC" 
and Turkey Mdet will perform 
at SOMA Live at 8 p.m. on Fri., 
April 12. Call 239-7662 for info. 

Swivelneck, Plmpswortd, 
Amy Arena and RoomFu~ 

"F" ,h", pl.'.fI, til.,,' •• , ell.,.",.,,,. 
lilt. Ellet F.ItI. u 

- Sa .... IIfIIM-.... 

Ipril17 & 18 
WIt '. DIn. • .,. 

s,r.bIs 1IIIItIr 
UCSD •• 1fficI 

534-nD 

---" 
UCSD UIII_rr 

Emm O.flCI 

. ~~~ 
-:=\Ir~=;=:=-

.... I.- _ _ ....... ·n •• 

-----"""""""" 

-------, 
, I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

I 
I 
I I Wood-Fired California Pizza 

Pastas and Salads I I 
I I--------------------~ I 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

l ' " . I " ; _ _ /, I 'I I \ 

(om YUDE (mu 
16500.-
otrot. !rom 

UTe 

PT.LOIA 
waior/rnnl Dining 

5120 Na.Ih Hc.t.or Dr. 
2 tIoc •• _rIo 
oI.OItcfOfl. 

GIOSSIO.' (um 
5500 a...-c- Dr. 

".,.,10 
Co,lo. Murp/oy '. 

296 6612 451-9525 226-0261 519-7222 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I L.: ___________ :.I 

For information, call 27~-5483. 
UCSD Underpaduate 

M.t Prole ....... U-R., 
will perform at Mr. Crown Billiards 
Bar and Grill at 9 p.m. on Fri., April 
12. For info, call 490-9245. 

Compositions Recital: 6 p.m., 
Erickson Hall , Mandeville Center. 

Coco Montoya will perform 
at Blind Melons, at 9 p.m. For 
information, call 483-7844. 

Students of C....., Unc 
present new compositions. For 
information, call 534-5404. 

ON-CAMPUS EVENTS 

Poker" Moc:IdaiIa: 6 p.m., 
Gallery B, Price Center. For infor-
mation, call 270-8278. 

CIIdtat Ikatowl and Cal-
abaah will perform at the Ch~ 

Caf~ at 8 p.m. on Fri ., April 12. 
Call 534-2311 , for info. 

Cultural Celebration '96 
B..... Concert with Mlie 
Kine: 6 p.m., Marshall College. 
For information, call 534-4390. 

Twiate, Sister • BBQ: Take A Look At Thia AbiI-

" \\ 
, 

~ 
-

• 
.. 

.. 
Grounds. 
UCSO 

.. 

-

/. 
Thurgood Marshall College and ASUCSD presenrs: 

CULTURAL CELEBRATION 1996 
Donctrs: Folk/orieo. MusIc: Coribbeon Children'S Arts 

Filipino Marlochl Crofts & Rides 
Chinese l ion Broli/lian Storyttlling 

Is roell Step Show EthniC CUisines 
& MOREl!! 

Spo"Jorrd by ~ ASUCSD, Cotiflell of Provosts. TM C Provost ', Et Dtll lf 't 
OfJius, TM COntle Cotlllci/, UCA8, Wlldt'"h;p Co",mltt~t' for Cultural 
COtftf" ,rOtf, J(APL4N TH l i"R Strokll,lfnd lite puln. 
r .F.I. (619) 534·4390, or http://prolKJ. , ft llcsJ.<<dlllmarshll llltmc.h tm 

, 

II 

LSAT AND LAW SCHOOL 
INFORMATION SEMINAR 
Tho masJejJerson SchooL of Law will be conducting a 
free LSAT and Law School Information Seminar for 
Prospective Law Students. 

Thursday, April 18, 1996 
6:00-8:30 p. In. 

Handlery Hotel • 950 Hotel Circle, N. 
San Diego, CA 92108 

Your questions will be answered regarding: 
• The Law School Admission test (LSAT) 
• Scholarships 
• Law School Requirements -

when & bow to apply 
To regtster, please cal (619)297-9700 ext. 1200 
aNd aslllor aN admtssKms counselor. 

O Thomas Jefferson School of Law 
........ \ •• , 2121 San Diego Avenue, Sail Diego, CA 92110 

Accredited by the Western Association of Schools and Colleges 
and by the Commlllee of Bar examiners of the Slale Bar of 
California. Applicallon for ABA approval pending. 

My Week: A Ni&ht WIth Alex 
VIIIdez: 7 p.m., Price Center The-
ater. For information, call 534-3025. 

CWD PreHnt. MCuban 
Em....",: 7 p.m., Solis Hall 
room 107, Marshall College." For 
information, call 534-4873. 

Soire for Muaic: Lov .... : 8 
p.m., Recital Hall , Mandevi lie 
Center. For information, call 534-
5404. 

Chi..... Culture Club 
K .. aoke Nicht: 8 p.m., Ocean-
view Lounge, Marshall College. 
For information, call 552-0503. 

"Earl's Unpluaed" pre-
See WEEKEND, page H16 

I 
I 
I 

: D •• II •• ",. 
1$1099 I I I I I 
L Qu"~~~ Vegetarian.J 

1l.sM&llA Restaurant 
Open) ):30 am· )O:30pm daily 

4433 EJ CajoD Bml. 563-3666 

[~ --- -- -~J BOOK NOW FOR YOUR 
MER VACATIO 

NEW YORK $149* 
CHICAGO $164* 
PARIS $229* 
LONDON $264* 
FRANKFURT $269* 
A MSTERDAM $270* 
HONG KONG $339* 
S YDNEY $434* 

Travel --=-:...::::..:...:..:....--~ 
YOUR ON-CAMPUS TRAVEL ExPERTS 

IN THE UCSD PRICE CENTER 
(AcROSS . AQM THE BoootsTOI'l) 

452-0630 
HOURS M-F-9·S, W'I(}-S ANO S·10·2 

hnp:llwww.ciH.octslctshome.htm 
EURAILPASSES ISsu .. d on the·spot! 

Thursday, April II. 1996 The UCSD Guardian HIAnJS HIS 

~cord 
~aVIBVVS~ ____________ ~ __ ~_ Steven 'Schick . 

Veloclly Girt 
Gilded Stars and Zulous Hearts 

.. ,"" ..... 

-
** 

Velocity Girl has been syn-
onymous with the unforgettably 
infectious single, "Forgollen 
Favorite," since the group's 
bygone days as the Gotter-
dammacrats. 

A new moni ker, singer and 
melodious sound has trans-
formed the group, however, 
leaving it sounding virtually 
nothing like the original project 
started by Archie Moore and 
Kelly Riles. 

In its ncw album, Gilded 
Srars and Zealous Hearts, 
Velocity Girl undergoes yet 
another major reconstruction. 

While all the original mem-
bers are sti ll with the group. 
gone are the multiple swirling 
guitar layers which pret.'iously 
characterized Velocity Girl 's 
sound. 

In an effort to simplify the 
band's songs, the number of 
overdubbed guitar tracks on 
Stars has been reduced to the 

SCIIOLARSIIII' 
All the sororities put a strong 
emphasis on academic 
achievement and have well 
organized scholarship 
programs. As a resuh of such 
programs, the all sorority 
average GPA is above the all 
women's GPA at UCSD. 

bare minimum. This gives the 
songs • "live" yel considerably 
less substantial sound than 
before. 

Velocity Girl continues to use 
the conventional pop structures 
from its recent past; but the 
thick, often brutal guitar sounds 
which made the band stand out 
on several memorable tracks 
from previous albums have all 
but disappeared. 

Songs such as "Gb Coastal" 
and "It's Not For You" have a 
clean, almost acoustic sound to 
them, qualities not heard since 
the band cut an acoustic version 
of "I Don' t Care If You Go" four 
years ago. 

Fortunately, Shannon's(last 
name) coy vocals still chime 
consistently on Stars, but on cer-
tai n tracks. they are the only 
thing which would lead a li sten-
er to believe this was the same 
group who recorded such songs 
as "Audrey's Eyes" and "Drug 
Girls." 

Sadly, none of the songs on 
Stars succeed in finding the gui -
tar or lyrical hooks necessary to 
make a lasting impression. 

The album lacks any notable 
singles, a far cry from the kind of 
material Velocity Girl produced 
in the past. 

While Stars contains enough 
euphoric moments to warrant 
repeated listenings, fans of the 
band's previous efforts are likely 
to find the overall experience 
laclcing. 

-Dan Okada 

PHILAIITHROPY 
Community service is another 
important aspect of sorority life. 
Each year sororities contribute 
thousands of dollars and hours 
of service to Philanthropies at 
both the national and local 
levels. 

UCSD percussionist gives rare 
performance tonight 

Zenl Geva 
FrBBdom Bondage 
AIIIIuIIft T ...... 

-

*** 
In a faxed interview, Zeni Geva 

singer-guitarist K.K. Null denied 
that hi s band is part of a genre 
which Americans have dubbed 
"Japanese noise." 

Noise or not, Zeni Geva plays 
rock music with the kind of power 
which blows out speakers and 
make human blood curl. Using 
keyboards for the first time during 
the band ' II -album carecr, the 
Steve Albini-produced Freedom 
Bondage doesn ' t diminish the 
aural attack, either. 

''There's no absolute 
'justice/rightness' in this world," 
Null said. "There are so many dif-
ferent politics, cultures, religions, 
races, societies, ideas, etc.; and we 
just live in such chaos." 

In songs like "Sea of Death" 
and "Hate Trader," the band sup-
plies music for the chaos and vio-
lence of everyday Ii fe. 

Zeni Geva will perform at the 
Casbah on Saturday. 

- Jeff NieMI 

By van •••• FItq ..... 
Guardian Reporter 

Steven Schick, a UCSD music 
prof~r and percussion 
virtuoso, performs 
tonight at 8 p.m. in the 
Mandeville Auditorium. 

The concert will fea-
ture five compositions: 
"Corpore I" by Vinko 
Globokar; "Le Corps a 
Corps" by Georges 
Aphergis; "North Star-
Boog8100" by UCSD faculty mem-
ber George Lewis; "Japatul" by 
UCSD graduate tudent Iaroslaw 
Kapuscinski; and "Watershed" by 
UCSD faculty member Roger 
Reynolds. 

The compositions vary in style, 
but all combine a drum with other 
elements, such as vidco, computer 
creations or the human body. 

"Corporel" was written to be 
played on the bare torso of the per-
cussionist. "Watershed," a piece 
created especially for Schick, uses 
several microphones to pick up the 
different instruments and then dis-
tributes the sounds around the audio 
ence. 

The result is a surround-sound 
effect which gives the listener the 
feeling of being inside ~.actual 
percussion set-up. 

Schick, trained in classical per-

Thursday 
April 11 

Friday 
April 12 

AXQ 

AOTI 

Build A Sundae 6-8 pm 
San Franciscol 

Santa Cruz Room 

"Friends" Night Out 
7:30-9:30 pm 

Warren JK Wood Lounge 

Twister Sister 
& BBQ 12-2pm 

Muir Field 

Happy Hour at 
EI Torito Cantina 

5-7 pm 

Chio Casino 7-9 pm 

cussion, received his master's 
degree in percussion performance 
from the University of Iowa. 

Schick has also 
received the Soloist 
diploma, with honors, 
from the Staatliche 
Hochschule fur Musik in 
Freiburg, Germany. 

In pursuing his soloist 
career, Schick has per-
formed in the United 
States, Soviet Union, 

Eastern and Western Europe, Latin 
America, Australia and New 
Zealand. 

Schick has released several 010 
recordings and is currently working 
on another which will be relea ed 
next month. Outside of his solo 
career, Schick , performs with tho;: 
Bang on a Can All-Stars. 

The group, based out of New 
York, has just released a CD which 
- along with solo recprdings from 
Schick - can be found at Tower 
Records in La Jolla. 

Due to his active performance 
schedule, Schick is only able to per-
form at UCSD once every year or 
so. 

Tickets can be purchased at the 
UCSD Box Oft1ce or at the door. 
Prices are $7 for general admission 
and $5 for students and senior citi-
zens. 

Saturday 
April 13 

Alpha Chi Brunch 
11 -1 pm 

Porter's Pub 

Sailing at Harbor Island 
12:30-4 pm 

Meet at Stonehenge 

Hawaii Chio BBO 5·7 pm 
at Marshall Field xn Davis/Riverside Room- Preference Ceremony 5-7 pm (by the Uppers) 

Just Tri It 
7:30-9:30 pm 

Half Dome Muir Lounge AAA 
Pizza with Delta Gamma 

12-2 pm 
Round Table Pizza Ar 

Desert Night 
6-8 pm 

Student Center Pub KA8 
Kappa Cabana 6:30-8:30 pm 
LAlSanta Barbara Rm-

Price Center KKr 

Price Center 

Delta's Diner 
7:30-9:30 pm 

RIMAC Green Room 

Progressive Party in 
Marshall Uppers 5-7 pm 

Meet at Apt. L-9 

Theta BBQ 4-6 pm 
Meet at Sun God Lawn 

HOII~Ood Niil,hts 6-8 pm 
LAI anla Sa ara Rm-

Price Center 

Room: TBA 

Tn Delta Picnic 2-5 pm 
Meet at Sun God for 

shuttles to House 

Picnic & Volleyball 
1-2:30 pm 

Muir VBall Courts 

Theta Banquet 
4-6 pm 

Cross Cultural Center 

Kappa Chino 
5:30-7 pm 

Ocean View Lounge 
The Greek System is an excellent 
opportunity for the development of 
leadership skills. There are many 
chances to get involved in Greek 
life from individual chapters or 
through the governing body of the 
Greek System as a whole. 

Sororities provide their members 
with a broad range of social 
events. Among favorites are 
fratemlty exchanges, formals, 
theme dances, alumni and parents 
weekend, retreats, sisterhood 
activities as well as intramural 
sporting events. 

I1B<l> 

LK 

Meet the Pi Phis 
6:30-8 pm 
Bert<ele~ Room·Price 

enter 

Si~ma Kappa 
Soda S op 6:30-8:30 pm 

Center 208 

Pizza with Pi Phis 5-7 pm 
San Francisco Rm· 

Price Center 

PiZZapa~& 
Scavenger unt 

6-8 pm Center 222 

Beach Bonfire 3-6 pm 
Meet outside Peterson 

Hall 

Preference Tea 
4:30-7:30 pm 
Center 217A 

KAPLAN 
_. a&TOn.1I!SI C Inl .. 

• 



HI6 IDAnJS 

WEEKEND: 
Johnny Cash to play 
C ... ad ......... "" 
........... .....-: Sp.m. , 
Earl's Place, Warren College; free. 
For information, call 678-8619. 

Saturday, April 11 
The yentu.... and the 

_ his will perform al lhe 
Belly Up Tavern al 9: 15 p.m. on 
Sal. , April 13. For informalion, 
481 -9022 or 220-8497. 

Dick RoII •• nI will perform 
at Blind Melons, at 9 p.m. ·For · 
information, 483-7844. 

z...Ia.n, r...., ...... 
.,., .... caa.d .. will 
perform at the Casbah at 9 p.m. For 
infonnation, caU 232-4355. 

ON-CAMPUS EVENTS 

Thurpod ....... ~ 
turaI C.I.bnIIon: "Welcome to 
Diverse City," 10 a.m .. Thurgood 
Mushall College. For information, 

The UCSD Otwdian 

call 534-04390. 

w ... Co .... World 
P.trz 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. Wanen 
Res Life Complex; free. For infor-
malion, ca1I55S-8039. 

r .. A ...... At nil Ml-
lly WMIu •• 11 ..... 0. WIl.... Wheelchair "'.ke«btll 
game; 4 p.m .. Rec: Gym. For infor-
mation, call 534-3025. 

SIRIUS Ca.:ert: 8 p.m .. 
Erickson Hall, Mandeville Cenler. 
For information, call 534-5404. 

Sunday, April 14 
Johnny c.h, with June 

~unday. April 11. ] 996 

c.ter .... lie c.ter , .... 
If, will perform II California Cen-
ter for the Arts, Escondido, at 7 
p.m. For info, call (800) 988-4253. 

sale II Warren College. For infor-
mation, call 534-4731. 

...... a. t- 5 p.m.f 
Ballrooms A & B, Price Center. For 
information, call 552-1019. 

"--Y ..,. 7 p.m.. P/ce 
Center Theatre; tic:kcts: $2. For 
information, call 534-4022. 

T ..... La •• ' , Ms. St,.... OrcIIHtn Con-
45 .... Ropn ..... will per- .... : 8 p.m., Ericbon Hall, Man-
form at the Casbah at 9 p.m; For deville Center. For information, 
information, call 232-4355. _ call 534-S404. 

ON-CAMPUI EVENTS Mfloma N ...... " ........... 

"Cinderella," At the San 
Diego Opera; discounted tickets on 

Provolce: 8 p.m., Espresso 
Roma; free. For information, call 
534-4022. 

She was afraid 
of heights, 

Now They're Availab~e 
at Buffalo Exchange. 

People are bringing in new 
treasures every day. 

Come in to find one or your own. 

PACInc BEACH, 1007 GarnerAYe . • COMIII, SooN, HIUCUST, 3862 Firth Ave. 

~:(i:'~~' 
M:.b 

. Carla~ 
Australia 
l1aJi.nfa~on 

the loOse ... 

Th:.(: 
~:.e1;h.od 

RkkOnomto 
England 

Mad direclor on 
Ihr loose ... 

'M:r. 1l$p1i1i8 
flilht 

Robert ConnoUy 
Australia 
ASlranded 
~man ... 

I:.(~n't lertg" ~<>,~ut That 
of lbut~.n'Ji.fh Samantlw $uJlda~ 

John Lang Don Zett 
Dower. Aus tralia E ..... t~nd 
UKIIre.nd Girls just _nl ."... 

HIdden l<M!n on 
10 havc fun.. . on ............... -

mcmones.. ""'I '" 
April 13 • 8:00 p.m. • Ma ndeville Auditorium 

UCSD Box O{flce: 534-TIXS 
._--....fU 'att 'siC'S. 'rcltlicrc' ___ .. 

, Ian: Bj:-~'ge> Film F.~·cftiva.l 
From the Director of 

T .. ,.,., The FUM,a', A T •• i ..... ... 
& A Taxi .. __ •• '1 .... . 

JUZO ITAMI'S 
.. 

DAIBYONIN 
(The Last Dance) with 

a •• t.,. Miku.i, Ma ••• ik. ' ...... , 
I ........ , .... t. (The Taxing Woman) 

A harcklrinking, womanizing actor/director thinks 
he has an ulcer .. . in this sharp, satiric 

examinaHon of Japanese medical practices. 

April 15 • ':00 p... I 
••••• I1I.A •• t.,i_ 

UCSD lox Office: 534-T.1S 
I&ft Bi Prttilitrt 

To submit a calendar listing, phone 534-6583 or fax 534-7691 
•• • t ••• 

Thursday, April II, 1996 The UCSD au.di. HIATUS '817 

CANDY: The troupe 
enjoys cross-dressing 
Continued from !NIle H13 
Python. And SCTV was enonnous as well. It 
was great and made it seem like you could do 
something different. 
Did the tr_ition from a TV show 
to a moYie 10 smoothly? 

It went really smoothly. We had a whole-
new cast of characters and worked hard on a 
premise. We think it's funny. One of the 
things that helped is that we had maybe a half 
dozen to a dozen premises we all had talked 
about at some point. We went to Northern 
Ontario. rented a cottage for two weeks and 
spent a half day exploring each one. The one 
we went with is Brain Candy. 
Why are there 50 many characters 
in the film? 

The reason they are there is nOI to show 
some character-playing virtuosity we have. 
The film take!. a rather wmplete view of the 
world and the people who populate it. That 's 
why we play even one-hne characters. There 
are also some cameos by celebrity friends of 
ours like Brendan F.raiser. 
Did you feel you had a lot to live up 
to with Stain Candy? 

No. We had some lime to think about it. 
As we started developing the story more, we 
had to come up with new charolcters. some of 
which are the most successful in the fi 1m. My 
main character is greut; he's a villainous 
head of a corporation. 
What is it like working on "Saturday 
Night Live"? I ilear a lot about inter-
nal problems, 

I think that 's old new!. . [t\ alrno,t all new 
people. There's a new spirit and a shared sen-
sibility. There's a really good feeling 
between the cast and the writers . I really like 
it there. It's what I hoped it would be. I'm 
making creative friends there. 
"Kids in the Hair' generally gets 
better critical reviews than "SNL." 

_ ..... ..."., 

I don't know. I'm sort of skeptical of pop-
ular currents of opinion. When "Kids" first 
came out in Canada, we were lionized but 
didn' t get much altention in the Stales. At the 
point when American critics were saying 
there's this great. dark new Canadian come-
dy, the Canadian press said we had lost it. At 
the end of the day, I don't pay much attention 
to it and know when [' rn doing well or badly. 
You know when you' re around good people, 
and I feel "SNL" is way ahead of the press. 
One of the most interestinc thinp 
about "IUds" Is the amount of 
eross·dressing. When did that 
start? 

From day one. When we were playing in 
clubs in Toronto, we would wri te songs 
about break-ups wi th women and things like 
that. For awhi le, a couple of women were in 
and out of the group. When the group gelled, 
it was five guys. We just figured we would 
play women charac ters for gags. but they 
were still fully rounded characters. It seemed 
like it was the logical thing to do. We didn 'l 
really th ink about it. And then we appeared 
on American TV, and the people down in 
Texas unhol tered their pistols . 
What's your perspective on your 
success in the United States? 

r can't gauge that. There was a point at 
which I realized our popularity was wider 
than I knew. Thai was when security guards 
at LaGuardia airport tarted approaching me. 
Tupac Shakur was on "SNL" two weeks ago, 
and [ made a joke about his necklace. He 
said, "Aren't you on 'Kids in the Hall "'" And 
then later he started telling his friends about 
"Chicken Lady." Tupac Shakur knew about 
u!. ; so go figure . 

People find us. The good thing about 
comedy is that the people who really need it 
- they beat the drum . We were on [ate 
nights on CBS, but it's astounding the num-
ber of people who found us. Now older 
brothers are passi ng on the secret of "Kids in 
the Hall ." 

Exclusive Engagement 
Starts Friday. April 12 

w I T H 

SEVEN O'CLOCK SHARP 
PLEASE BRING IDS 
BEVERAGES PROVIDED 
FREE ADMISSION 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY LEIGH! 

, 

. , 



Thursday, April II, 1996 The UCSD au...dian HlATIJS H18 

~cord 
Sl~VJe~S~~ __ ~ ______________________________ _ 

GuIded By VMs 
Under tire Bushes Utrdlr "" SINI 

........... 

-***1 

Guided By Voices (OBV), a 
critically acclaimed rock 'n' roll 
band from Dayton, Ohio, continues 
the march toward perfection with 
its lalest release, Under the BlUhes 
UNJer the Slllrs. 

The album is 56 minuIeI of 
majestic songwritin. by singer 
Robert Pollard and guitarill 'lbbin 
Spruut. This duo offen up men 
Iliia lies per album IbID anyone 
ellc awn:ntly in the bulinesa, or. 
f .. 111M miller, in rock history. 

Dc 10IIII are concilC and pow. 
erfuI, possesailll nolhin. elltran. 
OUI .. osIenIIIious. This album is 
different from GBV's last two 
releases, Alien lAMs and B" 
17wlUand. The melodies lie sub-
tler, and there are songs which 
come close to rour-minuleS, 

The band n:c:onIed the ealire 
A libum in I 24-tnlCk studio, I first 

for the group and a concept Pollard 
had to warm up to at fint - but 
this did not tnnafonn the 'band's 
trademark Iow-fi sound. 

-CorwrB ...... 

VII .... ~ CIIoIII 
H/t1hPIfI/IICI 
..... 

-
** 

Hi'''''"pjc~ is the debut 
album from Ihe Venice, Califor-
nia-blsed ensemble, Weapoa 01 
Choice. Equal puIS rock. ftlnt 
and hip-bop, Ihe band strives, 
musicilly and stylistically, to 
become the ParliamentJPunkadel· 
ic: of the '90s. The music: is versa-
tile rhythm. with influences mI,-
iog from renle to heavy metal. 
The instrumentation includes a 
hom section, cosmic keyboards, 
sync:opllled and heavy pitars -
all suided by grooving bass lines. 

At times, the bind comes off 
soundin, a lot like the Red Hot 
Chili ~, Pilllbone or the 
Pharcyde. Oddly enough, howev-

Six FIacIs" 
MagicMoUnliin 

Theme Park 
ATilNw.nwE .......... ~ 

Sal8 Ends: Mal 31, 1996 
• SAVE $15.50 ON GEN. USE nCKETS 
• REG. GENERAL USE nCKET $32.00. 

DIe F .... Coaafer 
On ",. ",.,.,. •• 

Launch",. 
SprI". 'NI 

••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 
• for Dls-.I Tld.lln'erlDll .. eanllel: • 
• • 
• U.C.S.D. Box Office • 
• • 
• Price Center • 
• (619) 534-6467 • 
• • 
••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

.,""IIr .... ,., ... _ .... __ .... _ ... c- •• .,,,,, ........... 

cr, most of the tnlCu on the 
album are co-produc:cd by Stone 
GoIunI, a founding member of 
PartJ •. 

The lyrics are lighthearted and 
c:CIIIer on a few motif puns (the 
band refers to irs vocals as 
"jocaJa"), mostly revolvin, 
IIOUIId die word "nutmeg," i.e. 
"JUlin' WAlIII with nuuin' in the 
nutme. nineties." This verbal 
play is 1lIOII effective on "Pair-a-
noida." .. 1IIIUIm, SOftI abouI 
social insccurily. There is no 
sbonaae of WKky inside t.amor 
.... KCIIeIICr lillJO - CIIOUIh 
CYCn to become I'IIber annoyin. 
II limes. no. who don't set into 
the Wapon'lPOOve will find the 
lyrics rather ridic:uJouL 

H;B""npic~ shows a lot of 
CIICrIY, which .,..,a.bly makes for 
an inaerestinl live show, but the 
album is fairly tame overall. The 
funk never sets the mind ~ or 
tempU the ISS to follow, and the 
roc:k is just loud, For all the cre-
ative efron. the band is rather 
mundane. 

Weapon of Choiee will open 
for the Red Hot Chili Peppers at 
the San Diego Sports Arena on 
Tues" April 16. 

-CorwrB ...... 

Rage ..... 
111,l1li. 
Evil Empkf 
_ ...... 

-'*** 
Rap Apinsl the Machine's 

debut album act I sIandard wilen 
it w. relealed in 1991. Now 
there are several other buds wbo 
have adopted Rap's agnuive 
roclt- and rap-influenced delivery. 

The only thinJ holding the 
band's newest releuc (due in 
stores Qft Thesday) beck is its stel-
lar ~ there isn't nuc:h room to 
grow when you are born a giant 

Although Rap hasn't fiddled 
much with irs sound, the new 
album does establish guitarist 
Tom Morello as one of the most 
dynamic musicians around. His 
guitar produces incredible and 

THI UHIVllSrrY 0' SAN OliGO 
SCHOOL 0' BUSINESS ADWINISTIATION 

cordially invites you to an I \ I I I~ \ \III ) \ \I 
I'()I~( \1 

with introductions by 
DR. DIANE PATJ1SON 

AcIIII,*--, 
0rIduII ...... ~ 

IINl DR. GREGORY GAZDA 
EucIIIiwo ~. Jolla M. AllIIn 
c.. for ...... 01111 B ..... 

THURSDAY, APRIL 18, 1996 
Foruma A and B, Habn University Cater, 6:00 p.m. - 7:30 p.JD. 

Our focully. UlMkNJ, lIlwMi, IIItd tMlminiJtrGIOrI WGIIlIO 1fW~' you 
tutd provilk in{orlflllliM tJbotIr OMr: 

....... "' ....... > , . .... -MM ·~of ................ -MIB 
-..... t'. .s."IJ*"c ·,......,._~AW .. ...... 
-"""' ......... 1' • 

Co§tA ~iCA I 
I J t I I I I i ( I, I ' I I (I / ,! I I r j ,r 1 

'I1IIIIdIa ........ to _willi ,...-
___ 7 WIly ..,. .... it .. • tropical 
IaaIicII, "'111 rt i. _ ,au _ juIIit)o 10,....,...., __ ...... ' 

You Don't Have To 
"',..,.,." Be A Rocket Scientist 

Find a Good Bargain! 
Aii~~l Just look in today's Guardian 

Pizza Nova 
2 __ ... aLH ......... ,.14 
Pulse Copy 
10% 0fP AU. FlXIS .................. 10 

St. A .... MalIc Mountain Domino's end Plus CClld 
..... AI III ...... _ ........ _ ... 11 ItIIZA COUIIONI ..... _ ........ _ ....... . 
Satum Kinllo's 
... UP 10 ... _ .............. 10 '" COLOIt COPIIS ._, __ .. _ ..... 12 
Zebra ~ Traveler's Depot 
......... _ ... _ ............. " 20 DlSCOU'" lIIMI&. ITIMI __ ...... 11 

incendiary sounds on "Revolver" 
and "Bulls on Parade," while on 
"Down Radio" it sounds more 
like a jungle full of birds. 

Drummer Brad WlIk's talent 
also shines on this album. His 
power is especially evident on 
"Without a Pace," I hip-hop 
departu~ which is as Ii .... as any 
live band gets. 

Zlck de Ia Rocha continues 
his ongoing s!rUnlc against 
injustice worldwide. citing issues 
as diverse u Pete Wilson, die 
Zapltiata rebels and Jackie Onu-
siL However, his rnessaae-Iaden 
lyrics are still overshadowed by 
Ihe band's in-your-face music. 

In the end, Evil Empirr simply 
cannot top Rap's deIJut. often 
comin, across soundiDs very 
similu. Although the band hun't 
developed much over the past 
four years, Rage is still probably 
the top poup in its gan. 

-TOllY ......... 

lI.a IIftI ......... w ..... m 
***** Elleellent 
**** Good 
*** Fair 
**Weak 
* Poor 

\ I: ( II \ I I ) I I II , 1 
I \ I" I: \ I I 

Earn 8 units of UC 
Upper Division credit. 

Orientation M .... ng on 
April 18, 1998 

5:~7:00pm 
Dean's Confenace I'DOIII in die 
Univenity ExICnliOll Complex. 
RermhmeDts served, 
For funher informllion, 
call S34-436S. 
E-mail: tjaJlen(l ucsd.edu 

UIIIIER 
ESSIONo18 8 

You'll be _Ing 
GREEN 

becau .. we're 
READ 

... ~_AdVwtI ... 
..... 14 .. 

Thursday, April II, 1996 

'GIL: Ex-Triton to 
play softball in Italy 
ContInued from pc. 24 

adapIing. but because she decided on 
the trip • mere Ihn:e weeks lBO, she 
hasn't had much of a head start. 

it meant stabbing biting liners as they 
skipped across the infield dil or wind-
ing up for a sweet dan to the 0UIside 
corner of the plate, Gil was always the 
focus. She was also a spirk plug at the 
p1arc. where her prowess with the bat 
wu hard for opposing teams to ig-

"I have books and tapes," Gil said. 
''1be tapes are in the car right now." 

Other adjUSlmCnts will have to be 
made, but those will bealiule easier to 
get used to !han, SAy, learning a for-
eign JansuIBe. These include I pitch-
ing circle which is line feet closer to 
the p1aIc than in the NCAA, free room 
and board, as well u a MJekly salary. 

nore. 
Upon graduating, Gil lost her 

NCAA eligibility and was unsure of 
what to do nex!. She settled on a return 
to the UCSD diamond, this time as a 

This once-in-l-lifetime opportu-
nity came Gil's wlY as the result of I 
chance mceting with anold high school 
friend who ~Iared her softball adven-
tures in Italy the previous summer. 

coach. In addition, 
she could be spot-
ted in the UCSO 
Sports Inl<xmation 
office, where she 
woritedasanintcm. 
Both positions 
WC'l'C voluntary, but 
they allowed her to 
stay close to sports, 
especially the sport 
she loved most. 

After some 
thought, Gil got 
back to her friend , 
Phone calls were 
made, ·coaches 
werecallcd, advice 
was given; and in 
the span of three 
weeks, Gil had the 
privilege of telling 
people that she was 
9"1 her WIY to Eu-
rope - on a paid 
vacation to play 
softball. _ 

"I basically de-
cided that I wanted 
to do something 
with athletics. but I 
lcnew I couldn't 
play for my whole 
life,"Gilexplained. It.y?: A new home for Gil. 
''COaching actually never entered my 
mind. and I can't believe I'm doing it 

Nothing could 
have been sweeter 
for Gil, whose de-
sire to play wasob-

now." 

"Now" was last Saturday, Today, 
one can imagine Gil strolling along 
the streets of Verona. the storybook 
home of Romeo and Juliet. But for at 
least a few months. it will be home to 
one Lisa Gil, professional softball 
player from La Jolla, Calif. 

Before she left, Gil's knowledge 
of what lay ahead was sketchy. She 
knew the game schedule w~divided 
into weekend doubleheaders played 
against teams from other cities in Italy, 
Outside of three practices a week. the 
major ponion of each day was hel'li to 
spend el(ploring the countryside. 

The season begins on April 14 and 
extends until late July. Should Lisa's 
Learn, the defending national champs, 
qualify for the post-season, play will 
resume in September. This uncenain 
victory notwithstanding, Gil, whose 
original plans of traveling to Europe 
this summer were on unstable ground. 
is happy just to have the opportunity .. 

''1be worst thing that can happen 
is that I gq there and I don 't meet their 
expectations." Gil said, '1'hen they 
just send me back. [In that case] Ijust 
went wIlaly fora few weeks for free. " 

More than likely, however, Gil 
wi II stick around for the entire season, 
giving her plenty of time to adjust to 
the new surroundings. Learning Ital-
ian will be an imponant first step in 

AZTECS: SDSU 
prevails in four sets 
Continued from pae. 23 
found their niche, dropping the final 
game, 15-8. 

The Aztecs. whotheTrilonsbauled 
for five games earlier in the season, 
took advantage of UCSO ' s 
inconsislant play to insure themselves 
of another victory in the Mountain 
Pacific Sports Federation. TIle Az-
tecs' oversized frontline used its height 
advantage to record 21 blocksofTri-
ton kill attempts. The normally reli-
able passing of the Tritons strunled 
throughout the match, recording IS 
rccieving emJB. 

On oIfenJe, the Tritons were led 
by Black.. who finished with 32 kills. 
Sophomon: Jon Yanis prowdthat the 

vious . 
'1 miss it." she said. 
Acting as a coach made her 

longings all the more difficult, as she 
was so close to the game, yet not 
involved in the aclion. Her family, a 
softball clan to say the least - Gil's 
younger sisters are both en route to 
Division I schools - was at first 
nervous over the legitimacy of it all, 
but eventually everyone came around. 

The biggesladjuslment forGi I wi II 
be leaving her roommatesoffive years, 

"We lived in the donns together, 
an apartment. a house, TIlere were 
fi ve of us, and J'm the fi rst person to 
leave. ButJ'm not 1eavingtogo [home] 
to L.A., I'm leaving to go to Italy." 

But she'll be back. At the very 
least, Gil will return to UCSD follow-
ing her experience to say good-bye. 
Perhaps her next destination will be 
an NCAA internship she applied for 
in Kansas City, or even back to Italy. 

"I guess if they like the way I play, 
I could go back," Gil said. "But I'm 
not thinking that far along." 

"[Right now] I'm el(cited and ner-
vous; but it all happened so quickly I 
haven't had time to wony about it." 

For now. all we can do is wait to 
hear from the former star and say . 
with the passion which accompanies 
Italy'S more famous sporting expon, 
FofUJ Verona! I'm not sure what the 
saying means, but by now, I'm sure 
Lisa has had her first lesson in lIalian. 

Tritons will continue to have big hit-
ters after Black's graduation, putting 
away II killsofhisown,SetterGeorge 
You led all players with 69 assists. 

"We have a lot of good young 
players," Dannevik said, "No one 
played poorly tonight. San Diego State 
just played a little bit better." 

Betwcen the second and third 
games, the Tritons honored Black for 
his tremendous career at UCSD. With 
his famHy on hand. Black received a 
standing ovation from the crowd as 
his acomplishments, including mul-
tiple school records, were read off by 
the arena announcer. 

The Tritons close out their season 
by heading to ~ California to 
face Sa.anford University on April 12 
and the Uni venity of the Pacific on 
April 13. UCSDloobtolveftlCearty 
seuon losses to Ida squads. 

The UCSD Guardian 

UCSDCLUB 
SPORTS ROUND-UP 

Equestnan 

The UCSDequestrianteam oom-
peted at UC Davis last weekend, 
placing in eiglt events, while nar-
rowly missing I chance to display 
its ta1ents II nationals DCU month. 

Cycling 

The UCSD cycling team trav-
eled to Stanford last weekend, tak-
ing second in men's A and finishing 
only 35 seconds behind Stanford. 

SPORTS 19 

SPOT: Leopards 
roar past UCSD 
ContInued from p.,. 22 

UCSD kept swinging the 
sticks and picked up two runs in 
the thjrd inning when outfielder 
Jessica Plancich ' s single 
knocked in freshman catcher 
Sara Snyder. 

.. . 

In Saturday's competition, Karl 
Goulard and Katrina Thomas both 
placed second in their respective 
open events, but each fell one-point 
shy of qualifying fortheZone-Eight 
Regionals on SUnday. 

The course proved to be a gruel-
ing test of endurance, marked by 
continuous hills overa23-mileloop. 
Races ranged in lengths from two 
laps for the women's B competition 
to four laps for the lOp men's races. 

In individual competition, Tim 
Knudsen returned to the road after 
two impressive wins in mountain 
biking. Knudsen dominated men's 
A, leaving his competitors in his 
dust. over two minutes behind. 

Junior shortstop Missy 
Belmer followed with an RBI 
single that brought in outfielder 
Heather Menzel, who had been 
earlier grazed by a high and 
tight Hall pitch, 

Plancich and Menzel led the -
Tritons offensively, collecting 

Shannon Gaffaney placed third 
in the intermediate jumping and flat 
events. Sunny Pyne also did well in 
her class, tak.ing first place in novice 
jumping and third in novice fill 

Gaffaney made another impres-
sive appeannce on Sunday, where 
she took third in intermediate fences. 
Adrian Lakesflos competed in the 
iJ1lennediate class as well. placing 
fourth in the intermediate flat event. 

Despite the success of the team, 
none of the girls from San Diego 
were able to advance to the nation-
als competition. The entire squad 
will be on hand at Griffith Park on 
May 3-5, however, co-hosting the 
nationals competition, 

- Nicole SUndert8lld 

London.", .. ... " .. .. . $6S2 

Paris ........ .. .. .. ..... .. ,763 

M~drid ... . ,., ' ..... .. ,,800 

Frankfurt .. ........ .. .. 812 

Copenhagen, ... , ... 903 

Rorne .. ... ... . , .... , ..... ,940 

A.thens ................. 1041 

All (arts Grt rO~/lcltnp. Tu /lot 
'"c/ud.d. So,", rflfrtctfOIlS applY, 

"I just started and never looked 
back," Knudsen said. "No one was 
chasing. I think they wen: hoping 
that if they just ignored me, I would 
go away. So I did." 

Knudsen took fil'Sl place in the 
seven-mile individual time-trials in 
men's B. while Victor Weinstein 
placed first in the C division, 

In women' scompetition, Katrina 
Bergertoolc second in the individual 
time trials and fourth in the 69-mile 
road race. 

- Nicole SUnderl8IId 

re I 

two hits a piece in the second 
game, 

UCSO kept the Leopards 
from scoring again until the top 
ofthe seventh inning, La Verne 
scored one more run that was 
quickly countered by the Tri -
tons in the last half-inning of 
the game. 

First baseman Melissa 
Aguilar led off the seventh in-
ning wilh a single, promptly 
stole second and scored on a 
double down the left field line 
by Menzel. 

The Tritons have a week off 
to regroup and prepare for next 
week's matchup [with cross-
town rival, University of San 
Qiego, 

4630 "'S$I~ lAY DIUVI • IA.M DIlOO, CALIPOIIHIA "to. 

275-1132 
lOCI ALL REPAIRS "/0 OFF with thiS coupon 

, 

~ fIIrUIy - -.... UCSD 10. 
'E*"'PI- - "_oion -.., " ,001 NocWllld ...... W'Y _~. EJrp.~ 

1{" 

... ...,." Family Planning AssocIates MedlClBl -... 
...... tW'" ,> . ., 

ABORTION TO 24 WEEKS 
, . (Gen,ral or Local Anesthesia) 

."...nancy Testing EIf1Y PregnanCy Test ~'dI_ Tat R~Utts) 



• 

I • 

20 CLASSIFIEDS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 

Come out and Witdt the 

. Lrso NATIONAL 
flOOR HOCKEY 
TOURNAMENT 
~13.14 
in the UCSO Ree: Gym 
UII_Juhaat 
714-512"'"' 
for IIIIft info. 

Clubs. organizations. & Gree"'-
Increase membership. PRo and 

awareness in the Guardian 
anncxn:ements. (616) 

WanIed: International House Resident 
Advisors. Newsletter Intern and 

~ Programs Intem for '9i6-97! 
Referrals at Career Services. 
AppIicIIIions due 4115196. (4111004118) 
Check out ThI8 PIece C.11ed Love. 
April 15-19 .Annex Gallery. 

", 

The UCSD au.diIIl 

CLASSIFIEDS 
The CJCSO GuIntM _ the rWII til ......, ......... ~ ~ 8IId 
............. IIIYIIId .............. prIor~. 1'heAllNnlMr 
.. IICII hold the GcMIdIft .... tor lIlY cIIIma ,.... from ... padcIIDn 01 the 
............. T1Ie PIdIIMr .. .., IICII be "-Id -.rIIIbIe far lIlY .. from 8ft 

aor~, IMde betwMn ... MIVeI1IHr IIIICIthe __ . 
Copy IhouIcI be revlewecl by thellClVeltlMr tar ---. In Older til be corr-=-ct In tile nat 
reguler __ , " _0fS must be ~ by the con'e.polldlllg~. CId .. only 
beQlVenIot ... InCor'ec:tponlonof"'~ TIIM_noNlundlIotC81lOllltlorli. 
...... ..,.. .. _ .. plndMM ......... a.. ..... to: 
UCSO ......... AtIn: CtIII"'1 dl. IlOO CMIMft DIM 10111. lAI JoIIe, eA ..... 
ActullIOcetIoII: ..... , CenW A. "-117. 

Relations Prognm. 534-6708. (4111) 
Now hiring Student Directorsl The A.S. 
Internship OffIce hal need for 6 student 
directors tor '96-'97. If interested. come 
to info. night 4117 at 8:00 pm. PrIce 
Center GaIIeIy A, or calt 534-4889. (41 
~~.~1~5)~ ____________ __ 

addi1Ionai blood draws. For more 
I"formalloll. pIeaee cal VickI Johnson 
at 552-3091. (414-4111) 
IntIm for Real Estate ConUtIng Arm 
developing 3.400 home conmJnity. 
Seeking responsibl •• tenacious. 
motivated hdiYiduII. Compensdon & 
great exposure. Proficient In WP 6.0. 
Lotus 1-2-3. Send raune to : Intern 
Position, 380 Stevens Avenue. Suite 
307. Solana Beach, CA 92075; Fax 
(610) 793-8070. (411-4111) 

, ., MandevilleCenter. You'lldigtheYibe 
on Love, Sex & Seduction. OpenIng 
reception: Saturday, April 13 08:00 
pm. For more information. cal AlelCis 
II 272-5003. (4111) 

The Office of Sexual Harassment 
Prevention & Policy is offering a cI8Is 
which combines educational 
perspectives. strategies, options, and 
group support for women who are 
concemed about or have experienced 
seKuai harassment. Cell 534-8298 to 
schedule a pre-enrollment consultation 
with Instructor Linda Wq. M.S.W. 
Classes are scheduled to begin when 
enrollment is complete. (418-4115) 
leIIcIlng the World. Rush Alpha 

~ Pal this Spring quarter. the aNy 
Co-ed professioneJ business fraternity 
on campua. NetwoI1I. be SUCC8llfUI. 
have a Mure. (414-4'11) 

..... money and 1Mb a IIId111ft..,_.rwa_ 
with the Student AfIrmdve ActIon and 
tbnan ReIdons Programsl . Intern 
and peer actiocate poaitiona avail8lble 
lor the 96-97 school year: 10 hrIIwk. 
$8.17Ihr. Referrala 1907901 and 
1907902atCareerSeMc:es. Mustalso 
complete application from SAAlHRP 
ofIIce. Deadline AprtII9th. 534-6708. 
(411004115) 

EVE N T S MemaIYets to Race- and Gender-
t.ed NfInnaIive Action: Friday. 41 ' 
12. noon at the Cross Cultural Center. 
What c:riteria oller than race or gender 
can be UIed to promote diversity at 
UCSD? Hear from thote Involved in 
the d8baIe and learn about proposed 
changes in the wake of the July 
Regents' decision. Sponaored by 
StudentAfflrmatiYe ActIon and Human 

Wednnday. April 10 
Sorrority Info Night 
8-10 in Ballroom B 

FridaL Aprilta 
Chi-O Casino 

p avis-Riverside Room 
7-9 p.m. 

Spirituality CUI coming 1000. Many 
splclal lectures 4 events. For 
information, call 491-3851 . (414-4'15) 
Cytel Corporation it aeekilg incIYIcUIII 
of Chinese descent to partiCIpatIln a 
blood donor program. ScreeIIing wit 
involve one small bIQod draw for which 
indMdullls wiI receIYe $20. 0uaIIfied 
participants will receive $50 for 

JbypdiL April 11 
Hawaii Chi-O Barbeque 
Marshall Fields, 5-7p.m. 

Saturday. April 13 
Preference 

T.B.A. 

.. Chi Omep * Chi Omep • Chi Omep. Chi Orne .. 

r Not afraid of cold call~? 
/. 

We need QU. 
Like to pick up the phone? Why don't you 

r use your speaking skills to help us sell ads? i 
As our advertising rep you can make money 
(9% to 14% commission), set a flexible 
schedule, and add to ,your resume. Call Ann 
today at 534-3467 or stop by our office 
upstairs in the Student Center. 

~ •••• s. 

---

ProVoIc:e. an .... women·s A Cappella 
group. will sing at Elpresso Roma. 
Sun. 4114, 8-9 pm. (4111) 
Come ceIebraIe AprtI1~. the EartI Day 
FtIIIYaI aI dey at the Hwnp(10 am to 7 
pm) with speakers. bands. 
organizations and more. Also ... 
BlTOTO. Zairian dance nuIc In the 
Pub at 1 pm ... Free concert 81 the Che 
Cafa beginl7:301 (411 H/18) 

EMPLOYMENT 
$CrUse Ships Hlrlngl S1udentl neededl 
SSS + tree travel(Caribbaan. Europe. 
Hawaill ) Seasonal/permanent. no 

Domlnals 
Pizza law 
Accepting 

Appllcatlo. 
POSITIONS AVAILABlE: 

SIIIft Managen 
c ...... Service Reps 

Delivery Drl ... 
Ortvetl C8II 88m 

up '0 S121hr .• 
mutt be 18. wIttt 

valid dltve(s 
IlcenM, insured 
vehicle. good 

-"'iuInn record. 
Call 01' stop 
by our 

La JoUa 
(462-82?3) 

or Del Mar (794-2t2I) stores 
£011 

Brr.oll1l' .1 p,ltt 01 thl' \'iorln s 
1.lJqe,t pillol dl'I"~r I CUlJlp.lJl\ I 

Claulfled line 
AdAates 
............... 

,...., ........ ..... 
MallIN: ..... ..... 
~ IIIIVIMIIIII IwquRd. 

Cla88if1ed Display 
AdAates 

11.711* coIwm Inch 
D ....... : 

.......... - DIIpIIr'" ....... 

exper. necessary. Gde. 919-929-4398 
ext. C1109 (4111-5(13) 
Aslen Female Modele· Shampoo 
cornpaniea(lka SebastIan) need "*' 
female models for upcoming hair-
*"'" demcHnakeup 88IIionI. AI 
heights old Beginners old Top pay! 
Call free (SOO)U59-9301 (24 m.). (41 
1'-5t30) 
Paid Research partIcipantII needed tor 
an AttentIon sUfyI Cal 552-8585 ext. 
2269. (4111-4122) 
BabyIItIer needed. 15-20 hrs./Week. 
Two afternoon. Sunday. Must drive; 
referencea. Rancho Santa Fe. Cal 
Am. 756-5999. (4111-4129) 
Sell MlAtl-Pure DrinkingWBltKSyatems 
f8COIJIIzedbyConunarDigeltas Beat 
Buy. Excellent commissions. No 
quotas. Local support. liz. 823-9387. 
(4111-4125) 
Wanted: Inte~ House Resident 
AdvtIIors. N8W11iett8r Intem and SpecIal 
Programs InI8m lor 1 ~971 Referrals 
at Career Services. Applications due 41 
15(98. (4111-4118) . 
Gal Friday/Parent's helper: drive 
teenagers. & Y'/. light ckNrilg. and 
work in law office. I\Il 1ItTlIflds. filing. 
help busy ally. most aftemoona. flex. 
hours. $8.50 plus mUeage. Pacific 
Beach. t.l: 274-3538. references 
requir.<!. (4l1l-4I11) 
Cafe seeking CCUltar staff who can 
work fast under pressure. Good pay. 
1 ()3(HI T arrey PInes. 551· , 063(no 
calls btw. 11am-2pm). (.us-4lll) 
Friendly. outgoing, ftexible indMdual, 

n..nday, Aprilll, 1996 

part time attemoonalevenmga & 
SlUdlylftOlilillll. 20+ hcua. $MIow. 
SmII. U. ofb. type 35 wpm. _ 
voicelatttlude. Call Kathy at The 
Learning Annex. 544-8700 or faic 
,......544-8734. (411-4111) 
PIT telemaJtteler poeItion In .... 
HcuIy pay .... ~. Flexible 
hoIn. c.lJameeFruer8l281-3000. 
(411-4115) 
ArticulaIe ......... sUdents Wiled 
to halp raise funds for UCSO. SMv. + 
bonus. Contact UCSD Telephone 
Outreach Propn. 535-1433. (4J8.5I5) 
CRise Ihip jobs. apply now tor 1I.I'IIII8f • 
MIF. no experience required. Highpay/ 
benefits. 1-800-638-8845 Ext. COS18 
(418-4111) 
Make $100.00 a day or more part time 
comm .• nutbe good with people. many 
pos/tIonI available. Call 587-0829. (41 
4-4115) 
The Gu.rdt.n is looking for 2-3 
Advertising Sales rapteSei Itati ..... t.ut 
have good communication skits & 
reliable transportation. Previous sales 
experience is heIfpfUI. Flexible hours. 
9%-14% commission. great resume 
experience. Open until filed. Must be 
able to WOItI through Spring 1997. caR 
Ann 81 534-3467 or stop by Student 
Center A. room 217 for an application. 
(411-&'8) 

$12/Hour 
.. WIllI Tu.oRAIY POIITIOIII 

represent~ nation's 11th lerlltst 
blllk. Talk to parents about federilly 
guerlllteed COllege loans. Must work 
Saturday and Sunday Irom 8 a.m. 
to 1 p.m. and at least 3 _kdays 
froI'Il 2 to 7 p.m. Must haw mlllW, 
professional soundI~ 'o'01ce; must be 
..tlculall and a quick thinMr. Rancho 
8ema"do In • . MID TRAIINI.. 
Call ~1240, ext. 298, 

24 ........ ..." ...... 
Have a great summer experi.ncel 
CAMP CANADENSIS. an ucehnt 
residential coed SlmIl8r camp In lie 
Pocono Mountains In Pemsytvania is 
looking for caring eotneIOrs who love 
children. We need counselors to help 
teach: all land sports. tennis. hockey. 
swimming (WSI). climbing waD. ropes 
course. motorcycles, mountain bikes, 
water-skiing. jet·skiing. gymnastics, 
drama. arts & crafts. newspaper & 
yearbook. radio station. archery. riflery, 
and much more. Summer season is 8-
19 thru 8-17. Call 800-832-8228 for 
information and an application. (411·41 
11) 
DAY CAMPS serving conejo & San 
Fernando Valleys. Simi, Camarillo &. 
Malibu seek fun caring counselors· & 
special instructors for nature, gym, 
horseback riding. fishi~. crafts, 
swimming, song leading. sports. ropes 
course & more. Now interviewing 818· 
865-6263. (411-4122) 
NEED A JOB? HIRING NOWI 5 part 
time jobs eaming $10 hr 10 $400lweek. 
Jobs filled on a first come basis, call 
619·793·4473. (411 -4118) . 

• . Wanted: 10 students to validate a 
concept that could put approximately 
51 ,200 a month in their college fund-
275·5324. (4/1-4129) 
Pasadena area Summer day Camp 
now hiring energetic and responsible 
people for counselor positions. Looking 
lor group counselors. lifeguards and 
wrlVlgiers. ~ndyoursummeroutside 
making new friends. Call TOM 
SAWYER CAMP (818) 794·1156. (41 
'-4118) 
Eam $3000-$6000 & gain valuable 
business experience seiling yellow page 
advertising in your University's OffIcial 
Campus Telephone Directory this 
SUMMER. Excellent adverti&iowsaie&l 
Public Relations RESUME BOOSTER. 
Call College Directory Publshing: 800-
466-2221 ext.230 (314-512) 
SystemsOperatorwanted. Oncampus. 
10t hrs./wk. Must have dernonstraIed 
knowledge of WIndows and WIndows 
AppIcationl. Must be familiar with MS 
Access and MS Word mail merges. 
Prefer knowledge of WIndowI NT and 
aequeI service. $8.5M'If, contact MIa 
OUCSD Telephone 0UtrNctt. 535-
1433. (314-4111) 

I 

I 
Thunday. April J I. 1996 The UCSD Guardian CLASSIFIEDS 2 J ------~----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------_______________ ~ 1 
Outreadl Progtwn. 535-1433. (314-41 
11 ) 
Counselors: camp Wayne. listerl 
brotwtan1). NoftII.P8I'1IW)'IYania. 
6/20-1111186. Have the most 
memorable summer of your Ilfel 
Coachet. tIIadIIrI, and coIIeg8 age 
studenta for: GnIup leaders. Team 
Sports. Golf. TllWlis. Gymnastics, 

Dra~.Slb:reening. Batik. 
Photography, VIdeography. CampiOW 
NaUe. Orwna Director. AsIistant Chef, 
Bookkeppar. Kitchen. Waitresses. On 
campus Interviewa. April 10th. Call· 
800-279-30 19. (314-4118) 
Teach English In Eastem Europe· 
Converaational English teachers 
needed in Pragua. Budapest. or 
Krakow. No teaching c8f'tific:ate or 
European languages required . 
Inexpensive Room & Board + other 
benefits. Forlnto .• CIIII: (206)971-3680 
ext.K59762 (2fl6-.CI11) 
Cruise Ships Now Hring· Earn up to 
S2.OOO+Imonthwarlcingon CRise Ships 
or land·Tour companies. WOItd travel. 
Seasonal & ful-tiMIe employment 
available. No eKperience necessary. 
For more information, call 1·206-971· 
3550 utC59763. (2126-4118) 
Alaska Summer Jobs. Rshing industry. 
Earn to $3.000·$6,OOO+/month + 
benefits. MaIeIfernaIa. No experience 
necessary. (206)971-3510ext.A59762 
(2126-4118) 
$1750 weekly possible mailing our 
circulars. No eKp8rience required. 
Begin now. For Info, call 301 -306· 
1207. (1125-9125) 
Fast fundraiaer- Raise $500 in 5 days· 
Greeks, groups. clubs, motivated 
individuals. Fast. easy- no financial 
obligation. (800)862·1982 EXT. 33 (11 
16·5116) 

ROOMMATES 
Available now! Own room, share 
apartment with 4~, female roommate 
pref .• l.aJolla Colony area. $29OJmonth. 
Call 623·0043. (4111-4115) 
Masterbedroom. DelMar. Oceanview. 
3 male. 1 female at present. Nice 
home, $290. Lease ends June 15. 
793-2550. (4/11-4115) 
Room available immediately in a 4 
bedroom townhouse. Walk to UCSD. 
Furnished, flexible lease. $385.00 + 11 
4utilities. Call Morgan at 558·7567. (41 
11-4115) 

-.----~'---
Female roommate wanted! Own room 
in University city house. Washer/dryer. 
$326 + 1/5 utilities. Available May 1. 
Call Kay, 552'()263. (418-4115) 
UCSD Student(male) looking for 
potential roommatelapartment mates 
lor next year to live off campus. If 
interested. please cal Houman, 642· 
0503. ( ,4/11) _____ _ 
Looking for F. large bedroom in 3-
room condo, 2-car garage. balcony. 
porch, 5 minute bike to school, $375 . 
Pa 558-2259. (418-4122) 
Female roommate needed for May and 
June only. own bedroom, share 
balhroom in 3 brm. 2 balh Villas of 
Renaissance apartmenl with 2 other 
women. Washerldryer.exerciselacility, 

IICUI'8 pIIIdng. $37S1mo. + t50 non-
refundIbIa dIpoIit. Cal Ophelia. 453-
1857. (4/8-04115) 
Grwf ..... tor Soutt ..... Apt. will 
00I'IIIdeIIIe ,.....,..,. $3211month 
+ ttl..... Gender I.I~ 
call KI.It. 6424101. (418-4111) 
Room for rent In 4 br .• 2 ba.lMivenIity 
City house. Pool. jacuzzi. 11.11 room. 
laundry, more. $405Imo. + 1/4 utiMties. 
Joe: 457-5249 (414-4118) 
Chula VIltllEastlake: MIF to ahare 2 
br .• 2 be. home. WID. 2 car garage. NS, 
NO. S4OOImo. include utilities. 656· 
0824 (414-4111) 
PIIlymorc0nd05. Oneiarge single room 
for rant. Female oritf. ~ + 1/4 
utiities: Call 622-9688. (414-4118) 
Room for rent, real nice! 2 bed. apt. 

RuIty 453-0601 . CIeIn. refrlgetab. 
1toYe. dilhwUhet, pool. (411004111) 
2I11ofyoondo:3badroam. l.Sblhoom. 
WIlktoUCSO.UTC ••• pooI. $UlOO. 
5 or 17 month laue. 587-6645 (3114-
4118) 
Buy and Savel Intereet ratee near 20 
year low: 2 bdnn., 1.25 be .• Security 
Building. walk to beach. 436-5263. 
Agent. (2122-4111) 

FOR SALE 
House lor saie. DlNway Drive and 
T arrey Pines Road. Close to C8/I'1IUS. 
beaches. Scripps. 3 bedroom. 2 bath. 
hardwood floors. new roof and exterior 
paint. Ideal for faculty or 1Iudent. 
$379.000. Call Judy Keelin. 619-459· 
4033. (4111-4118) 

S.Mesa. great baicony. high ceiiing&. Charming 2 bdrm. home for sale. 
m\Ist .. 1 $3211mo ulev. Call Chad. Univ8f'8ity Heights. HUGE kitchen. 
6n-0607,charrisOweber.ucsd.edu(41 hardwood floors, garage. New roof. 
4-4'15) carpet. 1321< by owner. Joel. 295-
Wanted fernale roommate to share • ::.:37~5:::.9'..l.(41;:...1:..:1..::-516:.:L) ______ _ 
Cardiff home free rent in exchange for • Converti~ Rabbit 1980 asking for 
chilcare8-10dayspermonth. Call Bob '1500.otIk>Bo. Mazda 1987 asking 
0753-3923. (414-4111) for $1500.00 080. Take both for only 
1 br/1 be, S4751mo., S350 dep., 1,12 ' $2500.00! Call 452·2967. (4111-4115) 
utiler UG parking. heated pool + spa. New Apple PowerBooks. 53001 
O)'m. aerobics, 2.5 miies from UCSD. Grayscalel8x500. PowerPCI100MHZ. 
No smoking. drugs. or pets. Prefer Six units available I BIow-ootl $1195. 
mature male. 452-8657. (414-4'22) Bob, 999-3442. (4111 ·4118) 
Room for rent in house with yard- Surlboard. "Marceo Sharp Eye·. 7'0" 
Pacific Beat:h--dclWcst allq,wed. S300I pintail featured in Surfing Magazine. 
month (plus utilities) available now; Gil $270. Guitar. Yamaha, steel string, 
581·2593. (411-4111) perfect condition. $90 000. 551 -8368 
Rve rnInuIesfromeastp8ltcingahutUel III 1.;(41:..:' ..:.Jl )~ _________ _ 
$28OImo + 115 utilities, fumishedahared Nead~ space?? 810 Me HD Connor. 
room for rent Four friendly female brand new, never been used. $180. 
roommates. 4/1-8131. 453-0766. (411· Instalation lor $20. Call 558·2275. (41 
4111) :::..8-41..::...:...11:L..) _______ _ 
FEMALE ROOMMATE wanted. Own Car lor sale. 1982 Plymouth Horizon, 
room, share bath. 1 block to beach. 4-door hatch. 82K miles. cassette. just 
300 mo + 113 util. 272.()584 Heatherl tuned, runs supert. $100 abo. Adam, 
Sarah. (411-4115) 558-2259. (418-4122) 

FOR RENT Microwave for salel Great condition! 22xI4. Great deal lor $SO.OO. Call 
For Rent: UTC/La Jolla Colony Gabi at 452·9095. (418·4111) 
Townhomes. 3-bedroom, 2.5-bath, VW Fox 87, 4-<1oor. AC. CD.player. 
$1360. 4·bedroom, 2-beth, $1595. alarm. totd win. ciean, burgundy, Pirelli 
washer/dryer. refrigerator. Near Vons. tires. ail records, $3500 000. Call 452· 
Costa Verde. UTC. Quiet. Available 2862. (418-4111) 
July 1. 454·6462. (4111 ·5113) NordicFlex Gold workout machine. 
3 bedroom condo near UCSD available Purchased new, $957, used 1 week; 
June or September. Washer. dryer. includesvideoandchart. Moving.must 
poal. $1140/month. maximum 4 sell. $500000. 688·3000. Shane. (418· 
occupants. Contact Nina, 792·6453. 4111) 
(4111 -516) 3 br. condo for. sale by owner in UTC 
Live in a house with your friends! 4· area.onIy$I08K. cheaper than renting. 
Bedroom townhouse(4-5 persons) owner relocated, must sell. 453-5596 
avaUable lor swnmer/coming academic (414-4122) 
year. Fumished. Walk 10 UCSD. Black metal futon frame in good 
Morgan. 558·7567. (4111) condition. OnIyfor$55. CalI622'()365. 
Condo for rent, La Jolla. Charming (411-4118) 
large end unit, unfu.rnished. 2 br.12 beth , 
double garage, enclosed patio near ~.II 
UCSD.beach,highwaya. 459-1310(41 ~rtlst 
~8-41..:::..:..1 :.11) __________ wanted to compose beach figure 
a Jolla Condo, 2 rooms lor rent. quiet studies. Contact: (310)821 -8100. (411) 
and clean, washer/dryer. Master Wanted: International House Resident 
bedroom w/own balh. $41 O/mo. Single Advisors. Newsi&tterIntemand Special 
room w/shared bath, S3501mo .• 113 Programslntem for 1996-971 Referrals 
utilities. Both inctude enciosed garage at Career Services. Applications due 41 
space. 1 mile to campus. Nearbusline. 15196. (4111-4118) 
Cal 546-9177. (414-4111) 

Want to make money while you are out University City. Big. 3-bedroom Condo. oftown this sunvner? Rent your house, 
Near UTC and UCSD. $1150. Lord apartmenl,orpartthereoftoresponsible 

law ItudIntI who wi be cIertdng II -..". . a MIle ...... 
Seltzer CIpIIn WIIdnI & McMahon in SAVE SSS. We" "'" W'OU belt lie 
San DIagoIlomJune~August 16. 18M. lirline prices. DestInatIons WOIIdwIde. 
Ple.le call. 685-3116 for further A1RHITCH. 310-384-0550. 
Inbmation. (418-512) airttiOnatcom.com (314-512) 
W.,..: International houae Resident Word procesling. term papers, 
AIM8orI.NewlletlerlntamandSpecial reat.meI. ate. 270-7106 (2129-3114) 
Progt'amIlntamfor 1996-971 Referrals Scholarship Locators: We wi locale 
at Career Services. Appiicationsdue41 lources of free money for you . 
15196. (414-4111) GUARANTEED RESULTS. Free 
Vol..,..., Opportunltiat: Build your information. 1-800-250-8587. (2I26004I 
resume. gain valuable experience and :::29:.!) ______________ _ 
feel good about yourself by becoming a Free Rnancial Aid! Over 56 BIion in 
Volunteer Mentor for first·time juvenile public and private sector granta & 
offenders. Training provided. Cal Angel scholarships is now available. Ail 
Bruny at the Partners Mentorshlp students are eligible regardlesa of 
Program. located in Pacific Beach. 274- grades. Income. or parant's inoome. 
4107 (414·4111) Let us help. Call Student ~ 
Wanted female roommate to snare SeNices: 1-800-263-6495 ext. F59763 
C8rdiff home free rent In eKChange for ~(21260041:..::=:..::....:.'8::J.) ______ _ 
childcare 8-10 days per month. Call BAUCELEE'SJeetKoneDo.Brazllian 
Bob 0753-3923. (414-4111) Jiu Jitsu. Kali, self-defense- and Knife 
EGG DONORS NEEDED. If you are: · Throwing are taught at Progressive 
a healthy female -bMween 18·32 yrs. Fighting Systems. Recieve a 10% -
old -have health ios .. Compensationof • Discountwithttisad. Call 271H575 for 
$2500.00. Please call Mirna l'iAvas at more Info. Ask for Roy Harris. (2115-41 
(310) 829-6782 for more i~tion. ,;.:18::J.) ____________ _ 
(411-616) TIlI"1 Best .... -World-Wida. call 
Males and females paid $30.00 for now-save$$$. Mon.-Fri.5:3O-t:3Opm. 
inteMew. lfyouareJapanese.Chinese, Set. 9:0G-n00n. 546-7831 (1I1H11) 
or Korean descent. call VA, 552-8585 
x2182. (411-616) 
Wanted: 23 students. Lose 8·100 Ibs. 
New metabolism breakthrough. I lost 
151bs1n3wk1. guar. CostS35. 1-800-
776-9503. (411-4118) 
Wanted: 25 people to earn SSS losing 
weight. paid per pound ~teed. 
DrRecommended. 6191457-4189. (41 
1-04118) 

SERVICES 
~ • I II • 

Scholarships, academic & career 
resources, internships, sports, news, 
entertainment. travel. music debates 
and 1000's links. (4111-4125) 
Trouble with English composition? Let 
an experienced crealive writer/ 
corporate communicator increase your 
confidence(and GPA) in the written 
word. Mike. 482-0470. (418-4115) 
Catalog 01 Books & CD ROMS lor job 

Word Procelsing manuscripts. 
dislertations , books. business . 
applications. resumes. editing. 
Accurate. fast. confidential. Mary Ann. 
(619) 452-9439. (10J26..4125) 

LOST & FOUND 
Lost: thick black LA Kings jacket. turing 
Rna18 week. Reward if found. Call 
55<Hll06. (418-4125) 

PERSONALS 
You know what? I not only think. but I 
know I can fly. WOOOOOShI (4111) 
Alpha Chi Omega- Good Luck this -'d 
You are going 10 do greal! L & L Am (4111) 
fishbl ! (4111 ) 
To MaryAnn and the Folks at 
Transportation: thanks for showing up 
for the Photo Op at the Sun -God on 
Tuesday. Thanks from Bob and 1he 
restotthecomrnittee. Can1 wait for the sources~USA&foreign) , resu~&co~ brochure to be printed. Where was 

letters, International & travel jobs. job Matteo S ? 
hunting techniques & ideas. interviewing. • . . . 
networking. recruiter sources 4tc. Send Cheryl-hope you start feeling better. 
name. address & $1 (for P & H) to From the G Bizness office. (4111) 
W88Comm Inc. P.O. Box 910249. San Ricky-leg out those ground baIs. Don't 
D' • CA 92191. (418-4111) ya pot enough style points? (4111) 

Call for 
SENSITIVE, AFFORDABLE 

dental care 
LA JOLLA VILLAGE DENTAL OFFICE 

ames E. Sanford D.D.S. 
General, Preventative, and Cosmetic Services 

R eUutd, friullily atllloipehere • MeMber ADA. CDA, SOCDS 

LA JOLlA VILlAGE P1t.OFESSIONAL CENTER 
8950 VILLA LA JOLLA DR. . SUITE 2103 
Top FLOO~ lUST BEHIND EL TolUTO 

- -this 
Spring 

Cou rses beg in April 1 
••..•.................................. . ~ 

. 

.-
UNIVERSITY 

OF CA LIFORNIA 
SAN DIEGO 



22 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian 

Highlanders Roam I La Verne Spots UCSD Two Losses 
OVERMATCHED: The Tritons dropped a road 
game to the second-ranked Highlanders of VCR 
ay .... R .... mI 
Associ.te Sports Editor 

Winning a game on the road is a 
strenuous task. An unfami liar play-
ing field, a hostile crowd and the 

fatigueoftraveling are 
factors which are of-
ten difficult to over-
come - although 
having to playa lOp 
Division II baseball 
team, ranked second 
in the entire nation, 
does not help either. 

Last Tue day, the UCSD base-
ball team did not rise to the chal -
lenge, dropping its conlest to UC 
Ri verside by a score of 13-6. 

The Triton cou ld not hold off 
the Highlanders. as UCR racked 
up 17 hits in its runaway victory. 
UCSD,now at 9- 18 , will return 
home for Thursday's matchup ver-
sus the Crusaders of Point Lorna. 

the last inning. h showed that 
we were pllying hard the entire 
ballgame. " 

At the pille, the Tritons did 
not fare badly, notching 10 hits 
and six runs, but they also 
struckout II times and left six 
fellow players on base. 

Red-hot Jason Aguilar and 
David Myers collected two hits 
apiece. Myers, who played cen-
ter field, scored twice and also 
drove in two runs, while Aguilar 
scored a run and stole a base. 

Marc Abrams took the loss, 
while Highlander Mike Eason 
picked up his fifth victory of 
the season, geuing plenty of 
help from his teammate . He 
pitched six innings, giving up 
only five hits and two earned 
runs. ije struck out six and gave 
up only two walks. 

Each UCR starter collected 
"h 's going to 

feel good to play 
in front of a hpme 
crowd ," relief 
pit cher David 
Seigel said. "UC 
Riverside was 
definitely the best 
team we have 

W: e.on (f>.2), 61P, att. 2R. 6K 
L: AIIt'8mI (N/A) 51P.1Qtf •• 2K 
.... D. (UCR) 2.". 1R 

seen this year. It just seemed like 
they had a lot of talent . It 's not an 
e~cuse , but playing on the road 
takes a toll on you ." 

"It was great to see the team 
score four runs on their closer in 

at least one hit and scored at 
least one run , with seven play-
ers collecting two hits and 
centerfielder David White scor-
ing a run and driving home 
three. 

t& &Y~ ~ 
Spring Equipment 

YWODOWN:La 
Verne clobbered the 
Tritons 11-5 and 12-3 
.., .... StaftCe 
St." Writer 

The Tritons softballers hive 
found success this year when all 
facets of their game hive come 

together. When they 
get a strong outing 
from one of their two 
freshman pitchers, as 
well solid defense and 
timely hitting - like 
in last weekends Tri-
ton Softball Classic 

.,y .... ~. Tournament - they 
have been able to pick up some 
key wins. 

Yesterday, however, the Tri-
tons struggled to maintain their 
consistency, both offensively and 
defensively , dropping two games 
tothe University of La Verne, lI -
S and 12-3. . 

Sarah Burns pitched the first 
game for the Tritons and looked 
strong in the game's opening mo-
ments, sitting the Leopards down 
in order in the first inning. 

Despite her impressive first in-
ning, Bums couldn't keep heredge, 
as La Verne tallied four runs in the 
top of the second. La Verne's hot-
lest hitter, junior shortstop Laurie 
Grey, keyed the rally with a lead-
off, ground-rule double to left-
centerfield. Grey 's blast opened 
the noodgates, as five Leopard hits 
led to four runs in the inning. 

Things began to look grim when 

Crash, boom: ucsO's Sara Snyder applies the tag to La Verne's 
Sara Bowman during the Leopards two-game rout of the Tritons. 
La Verne added three more runs in 
the third, making the score 7-0. 
However, the Tritons finally got 
into a groove and outscored the 
Leopards from the fourth inning 
on. UCSD traded blows with the 
Leopards, scoring five runs to La 
Verne's four over the final four 
innings. 

La Verne was in attendance at 
last weekend's tournament, but 
these Leopards looked like a much 
different team than the one that 
lost all four of their pool play 
games and failed to advance to the 
championship bracket. 

They seemed hungrier and more 

determined - especially in the 
second game - which spelled di-
saster for UCSD. 

Triton pitcher Mary Jane OUo 
was torched for seven runs in the 
first inning. Six of the Leopard 
runs scored after two were out in 
the inning. The big blow came 
when La Vemepitcher Amber Hall 
lofted an Otto offering into the 
left-centerfield gap for a three run 
double. 

OUo settled down after four 
more Leopard runs scored in the 
second inning, but the Tritons were 
forced to play catch-up again. 

See SPOT, Page 19 

[fIfu 
Sale 

AMERICA'S .1 CASINO ENTERTAINMENT TEAM'· '* 
At Harrah's '* 

Fun Is A ~ 
WEDNESDAY, APRIL 17 ~ IOAM-2PM 
AT THE LIBRARY WALl( (above the Price Center) Fringe Benefit. ~ 
Outback Achentures and the UCSD aile Shop have tewned up 
gna ~ lor our sem ....... sale IIId IMp. Aft ... lor ale wtI be UHd ,.... ... 
equipment from and one-of .. -klncl equlpm8nt fran the BIke 
Shop. If )IOU hwe t:IO tel (biooa dwt den't fk. ndcs, bIlGe 
~~~ ~ 
Ih6s .vent-

miss It. This will be our biggest sa'e In years! 

IDIUCSD 
~.cre.tlo. 

If it's fun you're looking for, look no further. Only 
Harrah's offers people the most exciting opportunities in 
the most exciting industry in America. 

You can have it all. But only at the company that 
has it aU. Harrah's. 

We are recruiting casino, 
hote~ and food and 

bevernge service employees 
for the summer. 

HARRAH'S WILL BE INTERVIEWING ON 4-23 AND 4-24 
FROM 9:00 AM UNTIL 5:00 PM 

AT THE HOLIDAY INN - HOTEL CIRCLE 
595 HOTEL CIRCLE SOUTH 

SAN DIEGO, CA 92108 

Harrah's promotes a drug-free workforce. 
An equal opponunily employer 
M/F/Disabled. EmpIoymenIls 

subject 10 drug testing. 
ClI!I95. HamIl', Enlenainmrnl, Inc 

'* 
'* 1t 
'* 
'* 
'* 1t 
'* 
'* 
'* 

Th __ ' u_~_d_aY~,_A~P_ri_I _II_,_I~ __ 6 ___________________________________ ~ __ U_C __ sD __ G_uud __ i_an ________________________________________ ~S~PO~R~TS~2=3 ~ 

Vanguards Volley Past UCSD 
SACKED: Tritons take doubles point but fall in four of six 
singles matches, as Southern Cal College comes back for win 
By Nicole Sunderla.,d 
Staff Writer 

Despite a hard-fought baltle, the UCSD 
men 's tennis learn eventually succumbed to 
Southern California College (SCC) in a close 

match Monday, falling 4-3. 
According to Triton Head 

Coach Brian Turner, the match 
was going to depend on the 
doubles point. However, cap- . 
turing the first point in the 
doubles matches didn 't guar-
antee UCSD the victory. 

Mike Wilson and Eric 
Steidlmayer fought long and hard to prevail 
over VangardsDavid Robbi.ns and Ryan Lewis, 
9-8, in the number-one doubles spot. The dev-
astating service combination of Steidlmayer 
and Wilson proved lethal for the SCC duo. 

"It was a tight match, but it was really good," 
Wilson said. " It was our first good maLCh 
together in quite a while. We had a rough start 
this season. but we are now ranked one spot 
away from nationals." 

Ben Becker and Dan Brounstein posted a 
dominating victory at number-two, 8-6, and 
with the combination of wins in the two top 
positions, the Tritons led. 1-0, as the doubles 
competition drew to a close. 

Si nglcs action brought a new face to the 
number-one spot. Wilson, who has played 
lhe majority of the season in the number-two 
position under Dan Brounstein, moved up 
the ladder to play against Matthias Johanson. 
Unfortunately, Wilson was unable to under-
score the power of Johanson and fell , 6-0, 7-
S. At number-two, Brounstein was beaten ill 
straight sets. 

"Right now. [Brounstei n] and I are ranked 

LJI sr~ 
fl<)( )K· . l (>1(1 

Yakov Zololorev/ Guardian 

Will It over: Mike Wilson moved up to 
number-one , but was beaten by sec. 
seven and eight for nationals. They take eight 
players," Wilson said. "OurspolS will be deter-
mined by how we play the rest of the year." 

Number-three Steidlmayer managed to up-
set his opponent, a~ Ryan Lewisofthe Vangards 
was unable 10 corne through in the last two sets. 
Sleidlmayer bounced back after his loss in the 
first set to defeat Lewis, 4-6, 6-2, 6-3 . Emil 
Mihet had a rough stan. However, there was no 
stopping him, as he came back in the final two 

seL~ to lake the match. 
Unfortunately. Stiedlmayerand Mihet were 

unable to start a comeback trend. and the team 
came up short in the end. 

The Tritons go on the road today, playing 
Saint Mary 's in preparation forthe UC Santa 
Cruz Invitational this weekend. The lourna-
ment is key for many UCSD playe~, as it may 
determine the fale of several Tritons bound for 
nationals. 

Aztecs Party at UCSD, 3-1 
SACRIFICED: SDSU spoiled Tom Black's final home 
appearance by taking the Tritons out in four games 
By Steve Welsh 
Staff Writer 

Frustration. The UCSD men's volleyball 
leam has come so close, and yet it has been 
unable to capture its elusive first conference 

victory. In front of their largest 
home crowd of the year on Tues-
day night, the Tritons once again 
saw victory slip from their fin-
gertips, this time against cross-
town rival San Diego State. 

With senior Tom Black 
playing in the final home match 
of hi career, the Triton looked 

to send off their star hiller with a 
night he would remember. The 
first game featured some of the 
best volleyball UCSD has played 
all year. Competing like a team 
posessed, the Tritons rallied back 
from sure defeat to capture the 
game. After falling behind 14-8, 
Head Coach Doug Dannevik 
called a timeout to sell Ie the team 
down andencourageittorallying 
back. 

And r.llly it did. Led by tre-
mendous serving and great hustle, 
the Tritons rought back to steal 
the game, 16-14. 

"It wasa fun game." Dannevik 
said. "We just needed to sustain 
that throughout the match, and 
I'm not ure why we didn't." 

15-10 . 
"We lost our intensity afler the first win," 

Dannevik said. "We didn't play as well as San 
Diego SLale did. They played leadier." 

Despite losing a tough game, the Tritonsdid 
nOI stop battling. Afterquickly falling behind in 
game three, Dannevik brought freshman Kurt 
Seckington in off the bench. SeckingLOn re-
sponded to the call, firing home three service 
aces to keep the Tritons in the hunt. The lift -
wasn' t enough. as the Aztec ' blocking was too 
much for the Tritons to handle, gi ving Slate the 
win, 15- 11 . In game four, the Tritons never 

See AZTECS, Page 19 

Olelre Schneider/Guardian 

Game two found the Tritons 
once again looking to rally back 
from a large deficit. Unfortu-
nately, the Aztec proved much 
too tough, as they took the game, 

SpIked: Jon Yarris (10) looks on as UCSD 
teammate George You goes sprawling after the ball. 

I k.n wIIat ,ou',. 
thlnkll,. What dOli I tlu knew, 

rl,ht? wen, I tIllY not know mlch, 1m I de .... 
lIlY el,. open. Like last the ather dlY. I .,.,.. •• rd I 

cOlple of Itadents talkl.,. Found Olt that Appl. II on.rt .. 
I.credlbl, low CIIIIPUS priCII DII MlclntOlll' COIIIIIlten. FHIId 
DUt thlt I Mlc-Is I rein, ellY WI, to Itt IP .... 1'11111., III 

the Interll.t. I enn fDund out that more stltleltl I,. 
IIln, I M.c tD lII.re Ide .. on the Intemtt ..... ., 

oilier CIIIIPutlr. lor, what I "lit! lin to ... 
e.t of this stupid castl. IIId 

ItIrt Slrtlnl th. lilt. 

(619 ) 534-38Z1 ~~~=-:-~,4~~UCSD Bookstore computer center 
ii http://www-bookstore. ucsdedu 4 _ 
'UD YOUR IRAIM 



24 SPORTS 

'KRARY 
DAN KRAFT 

Nick the Brick 
Goes Gangsta 

For a team with so much 
potential, the L.A. Lakers have 
certainly been in an emotional 
tailspin of late. Last month, it 
was Cedric Ceballos who made 
news with hl~ unannounced 
vacation to Lake Havasu; and 
the nighl before last, it was Nick 
Van Exel whose behavior was, 
shall we say, less than profes-
sional. All I can say to Nicky at 
this point is: "What the hell were 
you thinkingr' 

I don' t know exactly what 
happened, and apparently neither 
did many of the other players, 
who claimed to have had their 
backs IUrned. Whatever the case, • 
there is no justification for 
Nick's reaction - one which 
quickly earned him the ire of the 
league, a spot on the sidelines 
for the next seven games and a 
$25,000 fine . 

Simply put, officials are off 
limits. No rnatter how bad the 
call or how haughty the ref, 
players still must abide by lhe 
sacred MC Hammer rule: "You 
can' tl8uch this." If not, NBA 
referee uniforms would have to 
include, say, a set of hockey 
gloves, a catcher's mask and 
shin guards in the event that 
some 6'6" behemouth takes 
exception to a call. 

Refereeing is undoubtedly 
I(. one of the most stressful jobs in 

sports. Take soccer (or example. 
Fans of this sport have been 
known to inflict bodily hann 
upon one another, 1UId I'm sure 
that the presence of such 
Neanderthals in the stands could 
influence the decisions of even 
the most confident officials. 
Afte~all, when 50,000 people 
want a piece of your ass, how 
are a few measly fences and 
security officers in yellow rain 
coats going to stop them? 

B.ut, Returning to the case 
I of V,an Exel. His shove was 

clearly intentional ; and, 
although I felt the referee 's 
allempl at earning an Oscar 
for his tloparoo was a weak 
one at best, Nick's actions 
were nonetheless 
inexcuseable. 

Nick should remember that if 
such threats toward officials ever 
become commonplace, he will 
be at a substantial disadvantage. 
Nick is a mere 6' taJl -
Liliputian by NBA standards -
while many of his comrades in 
the league have a much greater 
"ability" to get calls to go their 
way based on their Herculean 
dimensions. 

So, Nick, next time a ref 
decides to humble you a bit, 
pJeue like it like a man . 

The UCSD Guardian .. 11wnday, April II, 1996 

P RT-

Ex-Triton Lisa Gil is pursuing her 
softball career in Italy. 

Sometime late Tuesday night, LisaGil stepped aboard a plane at Los Angeles International . Airport and took off for somewhere in Italy. The fact is, Gil wasn't sure exactly where she was headed until receiving her plane tickets 
at the terminal. 

"It's supposed to be really pretty, and it's going to be 
hot," Gil said, trying to offer as much information as she 
knew about her final destination of Verona, Italy. "I've 
got two bags, a bat bag and a backpack. They said to 
bring as liuJe as possible." 

Beyond that, the ex-Triton really didn 't know much 
about tlJe road ahead. All he could say for sure was that 
she'd been given one of those rare opportunities which 
couldn ' t be passed up - that is, withoul the fear of 
looking back later in life and wondering, "what if... ." 

UCSD fans are certainly familiar with Gil's exploits 
on the softball diamond. In four years of service with the 
Tritons, Lisa was the "heart and soul" of a team which 
saw wins seldomly. However, those sparse victories 
were only earned with Gil in the leading role. Whether 

See GIL, Page 19 

Story by Dan Kraft 

eoml,.. Into foeus: Lisa Gil will be playing softball In Verona, Italy, 
this summer. Gil finished her UCSD career after the 1995 season . 

Photos by Andrew Chen 

Soccer Star 
Earns Honor 

Tritons Burn Up Dogs' Course 
MVP: Ele 10hnson is 
selected to Academic 
All-America Team 
8y Sean Rahlml 
Associate Sports Editor 

After leading the UCSD Tritons 
10 the 1995 NCAA Division III 
Women's Soccer National Champi-
0nship' junior forward Ele Johnson 
has now been selected to the GTE 
Academic All-America Team by the 
College Sports Information Direc-
tors of America. 

Johnson, a Biology major from 
Altadena, led UCSD with 42 total 
points and a team-leading 17 goals, 
helping the Tritons capture their 
second national title. 

Johnson, who was recognized as 
the Most OUlstanding Offensive 
Player at the NCAA Championships 
and was also named to the Division 
111 All-American Team, earned the 
honor by carrying a 3.515 grade 
point average. 

OM, WHAT A FEEUNG: The UCSD golf team traveled to Redlands on 
Monday and clobbered the Bulldogs, setting a new record on the course 
8y Selin R .... mI 
Associate Sports Editor 

Maybe it was the weather. Or 
maybe it was the celebration of 
the IOOth anniversary of the 

Redlands Country 
Club. Whatever it 
I~~H~J was, it inspired the 
III UCSD Golf team 

to play its best 
round in a long 
time. 

Shooting the 
lowest four-man 

golf score in the course's history, 
the Tritons handily defeated the 
Bulldogs from Redlands. UCSD 
shot a288 total (a 72 average), well 
ahead of the Bulldogs' 306. Arnie 
Campbell led the way for the Tri-
tons with a one-under par 69, fol-
lowed by Pete Roberts, who shot a 
72. Roberts' score is not indicative 
of his strong play because he scored 
a bogey on the last hole and could 
have notched a better score. 

Brian Baz~el was next with a 
73, and Jeremy Byrd finished the 
team score with a solid 74. The 
Tritons shot an eight-over par on 
the diffjcult par-70 course. 

"Redlands is the oldest course 

Loma in a dual match at Torrey 
Pines Golf Course. 

Movingon, Wydra and his team 
will make up an earlier match 
against Point Lorna at its course. 
Two days later, the Tritons travel 

out there ," Triton 
Head Coach Mike On the unkl. .. III Redlendi Wydra said. "For us (4/8) 

to Rancho Cucamanga to 
battle Claremont at the 
Empire Lakes Country 
Club. to shoot that well on ••••••• 

the anniversary was Finally, the Tritons 
will end the season 
back at Torrey Pines 
against the San Diego 
Golf Academy. 

pretty special. Before 
we got out there on 
the course, I told the 
guys that we could do 

iW,A. Z 
2 ...... '. 72 
3""'8. 13 

it." 4 ~,.k 74 According to 
"I told them that 

if they shot well, I would buy 
everyone a drink, and so they 
were clicking their glasses as they 
walked off the last green." 

The fourth-ranked Tritons 
have a tough schedule in front of 
them in the next two weeks. This 
coming Friday, UCSD hosts Cal 
State Dominguez Hills and Point 

.. Wydra, Campbell and 
company need to shoot well to 
get a higher ranking at the Na-
tional Championships later on this 
year in Saratoga, New York. 

"Our assistant coach - Matt 
Stottern is getting married on the 
20th, so right after we finish the 
last match, we're going to Vegas," 
Wydra said. 

.... '. Vol.., ..... : ........ : Vol..,.....: 
Sat. , April 13, at University of Pacific, 7 p.m. 

W ..... '., ..... .: 
Sat., April 13, vs. Claremont at North Courts, 1 p.m. 

.... '.,eIIIIIe: 
Fri.-Sun., April 12-14, at UCSC Invite, All Day 

TrMI& .... PIeIII: 
Sat., April 13, UC San Diego Invitational, 10 a.m. 

Sat., April 13, vs. Chapman at Triton Stadium, 1 p.m 
W ••• '. Wllter Polo: 

Sun., April 14, at Golden West Tourney, All Day 
8oIf: 

Fri., April 12, vs. Cal Sate Dominguez Hills, Point lorna at 
Torrey Pines Golf Course, 1 p.m. 

The Tritons lost 
their last home 
game to the 
Aztecs in four 
games. The 
match was Tom 
Black's final 
home contest. 


