
·=R.~:ll.lJ!I~fI =-
eo ............ 
v.adIIIIzed 
HAMILTON, N.Y. - "The 
Almond," an 800-pound 
sculpture on the roof of 
Colgate University's Dana 
Arts Center, was reported 

v~lized over the April 20-
21 weekend. The sculpture . 
was pushed from its concret~ 
base to the middle of the roof 
patio. In the process, a part of 
the sculpture broke away from 
the main body. Colgate 
officials described the 
SCUlpture as "a web of 
branches," and said the section 
that broke off cannot easily be 
repaired. 

- The Maroon 

Anon SUspected In 
Locker FIre 
DEKALB, III. - A smoking 
locker in the food-service area 
of Northern Illinois 
University's Grant Towers 
South residence hall forced the 
building's evacuation April 
24. DeKalb fire inspectors said 
the fire, which was discovered 
by night-shift employees 
leaving work, was caused by 
arson. University police 
estimated damage from the 
blaze at $1,000, most of which 
was caused by the fire 
department's efforts to ensure 
the fire did not spread. 
Because clothes in adjoining 
lockers were hot, t.he fire had 
most likely been smoldering 
for ome time before it was 
discovered, inspectors said. 

- The Northern Star 

CopIes of Student 
NeW ............ 
LEXINGTON, Ky. - At 
least 11,000 copies of the 
Kentucky Kernel, the official 
student new paper of the 
University of Kentucky, were 
stolen from distribution racks · 
early on the morning of April 
25. Stacks of the Kernel were 
taken from at least 19 
buildings, according to 
Student Media Advisor Mike 
Agin. UK police have 
questioned seven suspects -
all students - in connection 
with the theft. Although 
criminal charges have not been 
filed, officials said the 
suspects could be charged with 
violations of the Student Code 
of Conduct. Most of the stolen 
papers were tossed into flower 
beds, stuffed into an old 
fountain or taken off campus. 

- The Kentucky Kernel 

_1~"''1I'] 

BOMB 
FEATURES: A visit to the 
Trinity Site, where the 
world changed forever 10 

OPINION: Have American 
race relations changed since 
Rodney King? 4 

SPORTS: Softball sweeps 
its series against Redlands 
and Whittier 20 

, 
• u 

UC SAN DlEGO MONDAY, APRIL 29,1996 

Fee-Freeze Bill Clears 
Assembly Committee 
LEGISLAnoN: Bill would put 
initiative on November ballot 
to freeze fees until year 2000 
By Meera Pal 
Staff Writer 

In a move to stem the rising cost of attending 
California's public colleges and universitie , 
the California State Assembly's Higher Educa-
tion Committee passed Wednesday the Califor-
nia Affordability Act of 1996. 

The act, if approved by the state Assembly 

and Senate, would place an initiative on the 
November 1996 ballot that would amend the 
state con titution to freeze tuition costs at the 
University of California, California State Uni-
versi ty and community-college systems until 
June 30, 2000. 

Co-sponsored by Lieutenant Governor Gray 
Davis and Senator Jack O'Connell, D-San Luis 
Obispo, and authored by Assemblywoman 
Denise Moreno-Ducheny, D-San Diego, the 
mea ure was approved by the Higher Education 
Committee by a 10-3 margin, and then sent to 

See FREEZE, Page 3 

RUNNER'S HIGH 

MIIfk Patterson/ Guardian 
Flame: An unidentified runner carries the Olympic flame near Old Town San Diego on 
tile opening day of its 84-day trek to the Summer Games In Atlanta. 

c 5 D 

VOLUME 88, ISSUE 9 

'Flower Lady' 
Forced to Bid 
For Graduation 
Sales Rights 
MONOPOLY: UCSD will 
grant exclusive contract for 
graduation flower sales 
By Ivan Delventhal 
News Editor 

In the flower bu ine s, the difference be-
tween a good year and an average year can hinge 
ona few special days: Mother's Day, Valentjne's 
Day and, of course, June graduations. 

It i during the e occasions that many flori ts 
hope to make up for the large number of average 
business days they endure through the rest ofthe 
year. 

Aurora Evora, who many people know im-
ply as "The Flower Lady," has been selling 
flowers in front of the UCSD Main Gym for 13 
years. But because of a new excJusive tlower-
selling policy implemented by the Undergradu-
ate 'Campuswide Commencement Committee, 
Evora doesn't think he will be able to sell 
flowers during thi year' Marshall, Muir, War-
ren and Revelle college graduation ceremonies. 

The event will be held at the Marshall Col-
lege Field June 15 and 16. Roos velt College' 
graduation ceremony wi II be held at RIMAC 
this year. 

"It' s unfair that I might be left out [of elling 
during commencement ceremonies] when I'm 
here the whole year round, rain or shine," said 
Evora. With the help of students, she began 
circulating a petition last week, urging the ad-
ministration to permit her to sell during UCSD' 
ceremonies. 

Under the terms of the committee' s Request 
for Proposal (RFP) - which seeks bids from 
vendors interested in selling flowers during 
graduation - Marshall College will be desig-
nated an "exclusive area," and only the com-
pany that is awarded the bid will be allowed to 
sell its flowers there. 

Commencement Committee Chair Loui e 
Adams explained that she and other involved 
in UCSD graduation ceremonies decided to 
solicit bids from vendors primarily to "put a lid" 
on graduation cost for undergraduates. 

"What we thought we'd do is something 
which is common l'l other campuses such as 
UCLA, UC Davis and UC Irvine, which is get an 
exclusive contract with a flower company," 
Adams said. 

According to Adams, who has been involved 
See FLOWERS, Page 13 

TG Cancelled Mter Magazine Fails to Pay Production Crew 
CONCERT: Rolling 
Stone was to cover full 
cost of event 
By Ivan Delventhal 
News Editor 

A concert sponsored by Rolling 
SIOM magazine featuring the pop 
band Deep Blue Something was 
abruptly canceled Friday, when a 
dispute between event organizers 
and production crews prevented the 
show from getting off the ground. 

The concert, which was sched-
uled to begin at 7 p.m. on the Hump, 
was called off because of a dis-
agreement about unpaid wages. 

Deep Blue Something tours with 
its own lighting and sound systems. 

According to Assistant Program-
mer Jeff Krauss, the group's sound-
production crew, which drove the 
band's equipment down from Palo 
Alto, was still waiting for $17,000 
in back wages from Rolling SIOM 
when it arrived at UCSD to set up 
for the show. 

I , 

'The money was supposed to be in 
[the sound production crew's] bank 
account when they got to San Diego," 
Krauss said. "When the sound crew 
got here, and they found out that they 
hadn't been paid, they wouldn't un-
lock the trucks containing sound 
equipment until they got the money." 

"For some reason, Rolling Slone 
couldn't pay them, so [the sound 
crew] just turned around and went 
home," he added. 

Krauss explained that although 
the event was officially a TG, Roll-

ing Stone was going to pick up all 
production and talent costs. 

"It was basically a TG made easy, 
free for us," Kraus said. "We 're 
disappointed that it fell through." 

" It wasn't our fault, it didn 't cost 
us anything, and that' s all I care 
about," outgoing A.S. Pre ident 
Naomi Falk said. 

Deep Blue Something is best 
known for its hit single, "Breakfast 
at Tiffany 's." 

Rolling Stone could not be 
reached for comment. 



2 NEwS 

Flb:a .. F. 
OPEN HOUlE: Free vendor samples and 
infonnation drew many students to Friday's event 
., Malll .......... 
SUIf..wfer 

Ihcac productI and get excited Ibout 
thcm,"1hc added. 

Studeal Health Services' (SHS) 
11th IIIIIUII Health and Fitness Fair 
hit the Sun God Lawn Friday, at-
tncIing 2,00l-3,OOlllUdmts,u wdI 
u several more sponsors than in 
yean put. RcpreserUtives at 32 

Flir orglllizers abo nft1ed off a 
bicycle from Mouruin Bike Ware-
house and gift bukds from 1'nIder 
Joc's and Vons. 

Some in attendance, however, 
thought that the focus of the fair 

tables distributed 
free samples and 
educaled students 
on various health-
reilled issues. 

"[The Health 
and Fitness Fair) is 
anopponunity to let 
students know 
about low- or no-
coR health-related 
services, on and off 
campus," SHS Out-
reach Coordinator 
Madhu Narayan 
said. 

Numerousorga-
nizations were 
present at the fair to 
inform students 
about various dis-
eases and preven-
tion methods. At 
one 1IbIe, students 
received condoms 
and infonnllion on 
sexually transmit-
ted diseases. Stu-
dents lltending the 
fair could also take 
advantage of an ar-
ray of services. in-
cluding blood-pres-
sure screenings and 
tests for Tay-Sachs 
- • genetic disor-
der. 

Sponsors such 
as Naked Foods, 
Power Foods and 
Clinique distributed 

.. [tile ........ 
and FItnMS 
Fair] .. toea .... 
on tile 
broadenl ... of 
studellts' 
horizons on 
wtud'. 
.v ........ , and 
1ettI ... students 

~abouIfree 
MrVIces. In tile 
future, the,'11 
know ..... '. 
............ on 
CMIPII. th., 
can turn to for 
.... p." 

-MMhu~ 

should not have 
bcenonthe~ 
or giveaways. 

"Alotofpcople 
came for the free 
stuff, instead of 
learning about 
health issues," said 
health advocate-in-
training Kristen 
Oandek. 

However, most 
students did not 
seem to mind the 
samples and give-
aways. 

"The fair is a 
good idca.IIikc free 
food," gradua!eSlU-
dent Heather 
Anderson said. 

However, even 
the draw of the free 
samples wasn't 
enough to over-
come the bad 
weather. 

"We were h0p-
ing to get more 
people. But due to 
the weather, the 
turnout wasn't so 
great," said Muir 
junior }foss Koch, 
a representative for 
EquinoJl., an envi-
ronmental com-
piny thai manufac-

Outreach Coordinator lUres personal care 
Student Health Services and food-purifying 

products. 
samples of their products. In fact, 
the demand for free samples forced 
Weight Watchers to leave the fair 
early when it ran out of suppLies. 

Fair organizers said they hoped 
the event educated students about 
campus services available to them. 

"[The Health and Fitness Fair) 
is focused on the broadening of 
students' horizons on what's avail-
able, and lelling students know 
about free services," Narayan said. 
"In the future, they'll know there's 
somewhere on campus they can tum 
to for help." 

'"The students enjoy the free 
S8!"ples. We made an effon 10 get 
sponsors to give away free prod-
ucts," Narayan said. 'This year's 
focus wason samples and giveaways 
for students." 

"It's a chance for students to try 

Dorou ....... ·,. .. ·, 
Apply to .. tIII.-t" ...... .... 

............... 
........................ 

,... ..... ,. .. Iul .. 
.. ,.... .............. ... 

IIItUCSO __ • ..-............ """"" .... ""-..._.., ....... 
....... "UCSD.~" ... _iII ... -._II_.In,..._ 
,......,. • ......,....-.• t ....... _ .l1li tA:SO .......... __ 
.... _,,_ ......... 1It l1li ___ 11 ...... ....., .... 
___ ._ .............. __ ......... "TIIoI.do~ 

.. ~,,~ .. ""_ ........ IIIIUCSO ...... _IOIoty.., 

......... """ ... ".._. U2. "" .... _ . 

• Monday, April 29. 1996 

ETCETERA. • • 

• 

o 

• • • 

• 

• 

• • 
• 

• 

• 

• • 

• 

BRIEFLY ••• 

'New Writing Series' Starts May 1 
The UCSD New Writing Series, sponsored by Univer-

sity Events, the department of literature, the Archive for 
New PoetlY and the Division of Arts and Humanities. will 
commence May 1 at 4:30 p.m. with a performance by 
Garrett Hongo. 

Hoogo, a native of Hawaii. was a finalist for t~ 1989 
Pulitzer Prize in poetry. His works include Yellow Light and 
The River of Hesven. Hongo is currently the director of the 
creative-writing program at the University of Oregon. . 

Nicole Brossard. a poet. novelist, essayist and co-
founder of the literary magazine La Baffe du Jour. will 
perform May 3 at 4:30 p.m. Brossard is described as 
Quebec 's foremost experimentalist and feminist writer. 

SlamjT ext, a two-day festival of poetry. m:Isic. video 
and performances, is scheduled to be"in May 3 at 7 
p.m. More than 15 artists will be featured at the festIVal, 
including George Lewis, Stan Douglas, Stephanie Heyl 
and UCSD literature Professor Quincy Troupe. 

All performances will take place in the Center for 
Research in Computing and the Arts at UCtr 408. For 
more information, call 534-1276. 

UCSD Offws New ~Ip For 
GIIy/LesbIan Students 

The Michael L. Marx and Donald K. Marshall Scho~ 
arship Fund is offering $1,()()().$2,OOO scholarships for 
Fall Quarter 1996 . 

Gay or lesbian UCSD students who will be sophomores. 
juniors or seniors next fall and can show evidence of 
academic merit and financial need should apply by May 24 
and submit a 1996-97 Free Application for Federal Student 

AId form. The fonns are available at the Lesbian/Gay / 
Bisexual Associatlon. in Building A at the Old Student 
Center, and at the Student Rnancial Services Office. 

For more information, call 534-3263. 

PM AsIan Celebration. Week '98 
Featur •• Food and Talent Show 

Pan Asian Celebrations Week '96, co-sponsored by 
UCSO's Associated Students and the Asian Council. will 
be held April 29 through May 5 to celebrate the Asian/ 
Pacific Islander community at UCSD. 

The week of events will include a sushi fest , dessert 
contest, fried-rice conference and the annual Pan Asian 
Talent Show. The movie Fists of Lege[lds will also be 
screened. For more information, call 457-5992. 

UCSD Theater Profe..." Inducted 
Into Professional Society 

UCSD Theater Professor Jorge Huerta was one of 
seven people inducted into the College of Fellows of the 
American Theatre on April 21 at the Kennedy Center in 
Washington, D.C. 

The college recognizes individuals whose life work 
constitutes an outstanding contribution, and annually 
inducts a small group of individuals whose work has 
received national recogni~on . 

Huerta holds the Chancellor's Associates Endowed 
Chair in theater at UCSD. He also founded EI Theatro de 
la Esperanza and was co-founder of the Old Globe 's 
Theatre Meta. 

DAN SWEENEY, Features Eoltor 
BRINT JOHNSON, Co{)plnlon Editor 

DIItIII VAIl HOnD, Co{)plnlon Editor 
DAN 1UtAFT, Sports Editor 

WIIMAITIII: Jim Serlo 
TYPIIT: J_I Eom 

HAlt ItAHIMI, Associate Sports Editor 
UTItD YOON, Hiatus Editor 

YAIIIN ZOLOTOMV, Photo Editor 
CIIUCIt NIlIYD, MlOClllte Photo Editor 
MIlD! MUZHIK, MlOCiate Photo Editor 

DIIIIMC LOIIIA, Graphics Ealror 
_ LATHAM, DfJs/fn Edlror 

AII¥IIITIIIIMI AllllTAIn': Cllery! Sasto 
CllCUlAnoN .....,..uns: Ken Chin. Pablo M""r. Christine Pafford. Stefanle 

Stoc~ A~ Tor ... 
ANN 1ARIFlILD, MYertiSlfll/ Man.,er 

MIl DoAJIIDRIA, Bu.ineu OffICe Mlln.,er 
MIICE MARTI .. Z, Art Director 

RlTlfYA TANG, Aur. Bu.ineu Man.,er 
... lMIt8U. Ad L/I)'OUt end De./tn 

101 ~AfI, Graphic Desl,ner 

Edttoftll : 534-6581, IIIewS/FeMures: 534-5226 . 
Opinion/Sports: 534-6582, HIMul! 53+6583 

BUlin ... Office: 534-3466. Fax: 534-7691 
e-mejl : au-CII~'CI.eClU 

Guenhn Online: h1tp://_.uc:sc:I.oCIu/IUMllIII 
UCSD GIIMIIM, 1100 GIIIMn Drive 0316, 

La Jolla, CA 12093-0318 
__ : ....... _.UCIO __ c:-~ ·A· . ...... 211 

Monday. April 29. 1996 

'FREEZE: 
Bill would tie future 
increases to growth 
in inflation rate 
Continued from pace 1 
the Elections and Reapportionment 
and Constitutional Amendment 
Committee. 

If the bill - formally called As-
sembly COllsLitulionai Amendment 44 
- passes that committee without sig-
ni ficant change. 

of higher education in California 
has risen 300 percent for commu-
nity colleges, \03 percent for CSUs 
and 134 percent for UCs. 

According to Ducheny, more 
than 60,000 students have dropped 
out of state colleges and universities 
as a result of skyrocketing fees . 

"Student fees have been rising at 
alarming rates and have had a dev-
a tat ing effect on working families," 
she said. 

After the year 2000, fee increases 
would be linked to the rate of infla-

it wi ll be 
brought before 
the Assembly 
and Senate for a 
vote. It must 
pass with a two-
thirds majority 
to make the bal-
lot. 

"If the regent. can't 
raise feea, then they 
will turn to cutting 
student services" 

tion, and can 
only go intoef-
feet if State 
General Fund 
revenues grow 
less than 2.5 
percent . 

- Greg FIeld 
Incoming ASUCSD Vice President 

Because 
the UC system 
i granted a 

"This i a 
major step toward assuring that a 
college education remains afford-
able to California's middle-class 
families and students," Davis said. 

Over the la t five years the cost 

Administrative 
cel1ain amoum 

of autonomy by the state constitu-
tion, constitutional amendments are 
the only direct control the legisla-
ture has overthe regents . If ACA 44 
is passed in November, the UC rc-

The UCSD Guardian 

gents will no longer have the power 
to raise tuition. 

"Regents have the power to ad-
just fees, but they abuse this power," 
Davis said. "As a public institution, 
we must remain accessible." 

While admitting that freezing 
fees would help the university re-
main accessible, incomin g 
ASUCSD Vice President Adminis-
trative Greg Field said he had sev-
eral concerns about the bill. 

"If the regent can't raise fees, 
then they wi ilIUm to cutting tudent 
services," Field said. 

SeverJI students said they felt the 
que tion is not how much money is 
allocated to the regents by the state, 
but mther how they are spending il. 

'They waste the money on things 
we don't get a say on, like the Library 
Walk," Roosevelt sophomore Ben 
Malone said. 'This bill will cau e the 
regents to rethink how they ' rc spend-
IIlg the money they do have." 

Because of the possibility of cuts 
to tudellt services, Field said the 
UC Student Association does not 
support a fee freeze. Field added 
that he and UCSD Lobby Director 

Staci Dresher have instead been 
working to roll back fees. 

'The political climate is such 
that we need to roll back fees, not 
just freeze them," Field said. 

However, Davis said a rollback 
is a much more extreme measure 

NEWS 3 

not enough, and that UC accessibil-
ity has already been lost. 

However, Davis said he felt ACA 
44 would open the UC system to 
middle-class and working families 
once again. 

'This great academic institution 
and less politi -
ca lly accept-
able. 

" A fee-
freeze ap-
proach is much 
more practical 
and more 
likely to suc-
ceed," he said. 

Several stu-
dents said they 
would support 
a fee freeze if 
it wou Id stabi-
lize education 
costs. 

"Thl. great academic 
InstRutlon should not 
price "self beyond the 
reach of a majority of 
Americana," he said. 
"Everyone who has 
the ability ahould 
have the opportunity 
to go the UC." 

should not 
price itself be-
yond the reach 
of a majority of 
Americans, " 
he said. "Ev-
eryone who 
has the ability 
shouldhavethe 
opportunity to 
go the Uc," 

W h i I c 
many tudents 
'aid they felt a 
fee freeze is not 
drastic enough, 
they agreed it 

"It 's a good 
thing to see legislators recognizing 
that fcc increases have gotten out of 
hand," ASU SD President aomi 
Falk said. 

Other students said a freeze was 

- Gray Davis 
Lieutenant Governor 

State of Californta 
was a stcp in 

the right direction. 
"[Fees) won ' t be gelling any 

lower, but at least we know they 
won't be getti ng any higher, " 
Malone said. 

The Guardian is looking for a news editor and associate news editor for next year... 534-6581 

AlL SHOWS fREE 
">..... C::= .., q 

Wednesday~ 
May I ~ 

6& ... " I ..... ftt.ftn. 

!J-1-.bdaIUa 
l1ve &t 7:00PII 

'?o ¢ t:: 

8:00PM 

Coming Up: 
~ ,II I. I I I I , 'l I) 

2 , 

-

OUR 
INTENSIVE 

MCIfCOURSE 

111 (Yes, Ill!) Hours of 
LNE Instruction and Testing 

Over 2,000 pages of up-
to-date materials 

MAY BE Highly trained instructors 
Caduceus Science Review 
software 

Average score improvement: 
6.5 points (verified by Roper-
Starch Worldwide) 

Courses Begin June 15 - Early Access Options Available 
Sign up by May 1 and receive a $100 discount 

.... ~CETON ~'REVIEW (800) 2-REVIEW (619) 558-0500 

Now ENROLLING: SAN DIEGO'S #1 COURSE FOR THE 
, 

Serving the UCSD pre-medical community since 1985 

* M.D.'S TRAlNING M.D. 'S-OF-THE-FuTURE * 
• INTENSIVE MCAT preparation & medical school application! 

admissions assistance are all we do! 
• MCAT EXPERTS: an independent program taught by UCSD-trained 

academic M.D.'s, top M.D.-Ph.D. candidates. &. English Department 
Ph.D. faculty. 

'ORIGINATOR, not simulator, of intensive MCAT prep in San Diego. 
'14 WEEKS (lSO+ hours) of detailed in-class instruction & real MeAT 

testing, problem solving. reading/writing workshops, review groups, 
med school application & admissions strategies, & tutoring. 

'ZW PAGES of original talce-home review notes, reading &. writing 
study guides. MCA T & admissions strategy handouts, problem sets, & 
MeAT -quality timed practice exams. 

• REAL MCAT TESTING for in-class & take-home practice. 
• DIRECT CONTACI with young UCSD docs & med students. 
, WI'ORING, pre-med library & med school application help inctuded. 
'ON CAMPUS at the UCSD School of Medicine. 
• LOWER TUITION than other courses. 

1~~I;HJ •• ~Ul~'D 



~ 

4 OPINION The UCSD Guardiu Monday, April 29, 1996 

PINION 
THE 

FACE o F RAe E 
FOUR YEARS AFTER THE LOS ANGELES RIOTS, HAVE AMERICAN· RACE 

RELATIONS IMPROVED AT ALL? 
PUBLIC HAS FAILED TO UNDERSTAND 

. OTHER RACES' EXPERIENCES 
By W.yne Won. 
Contributing Opinion Writer • 

Why won't racism die" In the I 980s, 
we were led to believe that the differences 
between the races had been reconciled -
a dream from which we were rudely awak-
ened in the 1990s. The facade of economic 
growth and national prosperity in th is coun-
try during the '80s had diverted OUr view 
from racism's prevalence. 

The rounh anniversary of the Los An-
geles riots is a fitting time to judge our· 
society's current race relations, and to what 
extent they have improved since April 29, 
1992. Some argue that hot topics such as 
the. Rodney King beating have led us to 
overestimate the problem. And pemaps we 
hoyt wrongly regarded an isolated police 
incident as an indication of racism within 
police forces everywhere. 

If so, then the media shares the respon-
sibility for this misrepresentation. When-
ever it plasters an inflammatory event such 
as a videotaped beating on the evening 
news, the media no 
longer remains III ob-
jecti ve spectaior of 

society. Instead, it becomes an active par-
ticipant. The media feeds off racially 
charged stories and, in tum, our informa-
tion-age society feeds off the media. 

However, it would be erroneous to 
blame the worsening of racial tensions on 
the media. When we look past the simple 
linger-pointing, we see that everyone is 
responsible to some extent. Oftentimes, we 
oversimplify race-related issues into such 
dichotomies as black vs. white, minority 
vs. non-minority and citizen vs. immigrant 
(ignoring the fact that most of us are im-
migrants in one sense or another). lump-
ing African-Americans, Mexican-Ameri-
cans and Asian-Americans together in any 
discussion of racial issues as simply "the 
minority" is pointless because it ignores the 
individual identities within these groups. 

Continuing this logic, we find that the 
only satisfactory subset from which we can 
generalize is the individual. In other words, 
you canna( really generalize at all. The only 
"race" is the human race. 

Why, thm, does the idea of I'1ICe exist? 
See RACE, Page 7 

• 
.. 

COLLECTIVE IDENTITY HAS 
PREVENTED MORE PROGRESS 

By Nath.n PleUI. 
Senior Staff Writer 

In the early part of this century, the 
prominent African-American scholar 
W.E. B. Du Bois predicted that the most sig-
nificant social struggle of our time would 
be thebaUle over what he called "the color 
line." To a large extent, he was right. Con-
sider the protracted effort to' obtain and 
ensure true legal equality for blacks dur-
ing the 1950s and 60s. Consider also the 
controversial Brown v. Board·oj Education 

. decision and the Voting and Civil Rights 
Acts. Furthermore, consider the dri ve for 
the implementation of affirmative action 
and other measures aimed at combating the 
effects of deeply held prejudices . . 

Make no mistake, America has gone to 
great lengths to deal with a deplorable 
legacy Of racism. The Los Angeles riots 
provided yet another obstacle; but it is de-
batable whether the riots symbolized 
American race relations on the whole, or 
whether they were, rather, an isolated inci-
dent. After all, our accomplishments have 
been bod! noble and significant Incredibly, 
however, there are those wIIo s.y that race 
relations are as bad today - if not worse 
- than before America started to deal 

with its racial problems. I 
Is there any substance to this claim? In 

one sense, there isn 't. Minorities arc no 
longer discriminated against by the gov-
ernment. They are no longer forced to at-
tend segregated schools, they are no longer 
deprived of their right to vote anfithey now 
enjoy many rights under the law with re-
spect to employment and housing. 

Buein another sense, race relations are 
.as strained as they have ever been. More-
over, blacks SkU harbor great suspicion of 
whites and their motives, while some 
Whiles are prone to disparage the blight of 
our inner cities as the result of a dysfunc-
tional black culture. And the verdict handed 
down in the OJ. Simpson case was just 
the latest manifestation of tenuous race re-
lations. Blacks on thee jury felt the need to 
protect one of their own against the injus-
tices of what they saw as an ever-racist 
criminal-justice system. 

Why are race relations so sl1)ined in this 
coUntry? One possible, though not terribly 

plausible, answer is that 
• See STRUGGLE, 

Page 7 

.. 

Monday, April 29, 1996 The UCSD Gtwdian OPINION S 

All )S ARTICLE SEVERELY DISTORTS FACfS 
Editor: the state of California curies a sen-

J am disappoinlcd with the lack of lence of dcMh. Yet that is precisely 
scholarship by Derek van Hoften. ' what I may face in the lobby of Stu-
(''The Great AIDS Scare," April 22, _ dent Health Services whi Ie waiting 10 
1996). In asserting thalAlDS receives take my first HIV blood test. 
inordinate public attention and gov- Scott D. Healh 
emment funding, he disregards both 
basic facts and maturity. 

Forexample, in dismissing HIV's 
status u a global epidemic, he does 
not mention that in several African 
nations, a majority or near majority 
of the population is HIV-positive; or 
that some South Asian countries have 
per capita rates of transmission that 
could bring their population to simi-
lar proportions of infection. 

I can understand van Hoften's 
questioning of the ratio of deaths to 
doUars spellt on HlV versus other fa-
tal conditions such as cancer. 1bou-
sands of American women have died 
from breast cancer in this century. 
StiU, in less than 20 years, nearly eight 
times the number of people recorded 
on the Vietnam Memorial have died 
fromAJDS. 

But I am horrified by the article's 
gross insensitivity and moral bank-
ruptcy. ( have seen my mother, a 
breast-cancer survivor, mourn the loss 
of two close friends to AIDS in the 
last year. They were survived by their 
lifemates with whom they had lived 
"responsibly" for years. To my knowl-
edge, no sexual offense committed in 

N ..... AlDlnor 
c.nc.r Is Free of ..... 

Eel .... : 
I am not certain whether Mr. van 

Horten's editorial ('The Great AIDS 
Scare," April 22, 1996) was an at-
tempt at some type of twisted humor, 
or whether he was presenling a seri-
ous, albeit obviously distuJbed view 
of this nation's AIDS epidemic. 

Early in the piece, van Hoften had 
just finished saying that the AIDS 
epidemic amounted to "a feel-good 
issue for activists" when he made the 
following argument: "Our time and 
money would be much better spent 
on more serious and widespread dis-
eases - such as cancer - which 
people don't generally get from act-
ing in an unsafe manner." I arn assum-
ing that van Hoflen, in choosing can-
cer for this statement, decided to over-
look the glaring contradiction of lung 
cancer. Statistics from the American 
Cancer Society place lung cancer as 
the number-one cause of cancer-re-
lated death in the United States; an 

ARE You 
ANTI-PERSPIRANT 

SENSITIVE? 

J Skin care research company, located in La ~ Jolla, seeks women who have had irritation " from anti-perspirants/deodorants to test 
new non-irritating anti-perspirants . 

Potential to earn $80.00 to $200.00 
for daily 1/2 hour appointments 
lasting from 1 week to 3 weeks. 

Cosmederm Tec"no~ogies 
Call 550-7070 ext. 170 
to schedule your initial evaluation 

IFYOU SPENT 
THE LAST 4YEARS 

STAYING UP 
TALKING TO YOUR 

FRIENDSABOUT LIFE, 
TALKTO US 

ABOUT A CAREER. 
Prudential Preferred is looking for people who know 

how to relate to others. No prior experience is 
required since complete professional training is given. 

We offer unlimited earnings potential plus a great 
benefits package. College degree preferred. 
Equal Opportunity Employer. 

Call Steve Davis (619) 511·3~ 14 

ThePrudenbali; . 
Prudential Preferred Financial Services 
A DMIIon 04 The Prudential Insurance Company of America 
.1_Tlle~_~of_'''''-''''Wa'~' NJ0710!Z·3777 

• 

~ .;;.; ,,-
I :1>"" .. ~ . 

· . , J j ... ~ ~ ,, -" I~[.:·.:J . 
Readers 'Forum 
All lelt", II1\ISt ". no Iotwer thIJn two ".s, 
typed. doutI/Hpeced WId~.~"" 
.". ,.,. • __ ....... We reurole ttH! 
rlIht to edit for Ie"lfh WId clarity. Letters may 
". dropped off at ttH! Guardian office on the 
second "(JOt' of the old Student Center IrlIht 
ab<we the General Store Co</p). Send 811 let· 
ters to: 

The Guardian 
Opinion EdItor 

9500 Gilman Dr. 0316 
La Jolla. CA 92093-0316 

Fax: (619) 534-7691 INTI.': lUlIIl1lan4tucsd.edu 

estimated 153,000 in 1994 alone. This 
top ranking is true for both men and 
women. In facl, based on 1987 statis-
tics, more women have died from 
lung cancer than have died from 
breast cancer. The American Cancer 
Society reported in 1994 that smok-
ing was responsible for 87 percent of 
all cases of lung cancer, and that 
smoking is responsible for about 30 
percent of aJl cancer deaths. ( am quite 
certain that everyone is familiar with 
the messages from uch organization 

GIA'S 

as the American Cancer Society and 
the American Lung Association that 
smoking is unhealthy. The surgeon 
general even requires that a warning 
be placed on the package concerning 
the risks of Sf!lOking. Therefore, aren't 
smokers knowingly acting in an un-
safe manner? I would be inclined to 
say "yes." 

Van Hoften also argues that fund-
ing should not be used to help "people 
who got AIDS through their own ac-
tion." Are we required to abandon all 
spending in areas where ''the risks are 
known beforehand"? If the answer is 
yes, lhen we must SlOp all funding of 
diseases such as lung cancer because 
those people should have listened to 
the warnings. As for those individu-
als who did not get lung cancer from 
any of the known risk factors, well, 
we will once again follow van 
Hoften's example and give them our 
sympathy as he did for the 700 or so 
people who contracted AIDS through 
"blamcless''<hleans. I am sure that the 
mother of the late Ryan White would 
appreciate hi consideration. 

Van Hoften provides an out-
wardly valid argument when he pre-
sents his data concerning the num-
ber of cancer cases as compared to 
theAIDS cases that were diagnosed 
in 1995. Certainly the sheer ize of 
this nation 's cancer burden relati vc 
to it AJDS burdcn warrants signifi-

candy greater amounts be directed 
toward cancer. I would like to as-
sure Mr. van ijoften that this is very 
much the case. But let us say thaI, 
some time in the fulure, AIDS is in 
fact contained or eliminated through ' 
education, as van Hoften suggests. 
AIDS is defeated and proven not the 
be "the next great global epidemic." 
Would this demote AIDS and HIV 
as vital areas of research? I would 
argue no. The disease that has come 
to be known as AIDS contains many 
of the same characteristics and con-
cerns as other diseases that have 
baffled medical science to date. 
Money allocated to research.into the 
understanding of AIDS does not 
stop there. Every advance, every 
clue that comes out of that spend-
ing will directly or indirectly impact 
such diseases as non-Hodgkin 's 
lymphoma, auto-immune disease 
and just about every form of can-
cer. 

There is a poster on one of the 
doors at the UCSD Cancer Center 
where I volunteer. It is from a foun-
dation of opticians and says some-
thing to the effect of "One vision pr0b-
lem that we can't correct is short-
sightedness." I think that this state-
ment is something that t.fr. van Honen 
hould have had in mind when he set 

out to write his piece. 
Christopher Sullivan 

.M~n's & Women's Cuts 
$4 OFF 

Reg. S22- $27 

Hours; 

Monday. Friday & 
Saturday- 9.m.6pm 

Tunday. Wcdnnday & 
Thur..by- 9am.8pm 

For oppou.caaat all: 

457-3334 
8843 Villa La Jolla Drive' La Jolla Village Center 

(N", IWpIu & 50"",) 

SOLANA 

4" p' lZzas 
starting at $7 

145 S. Hwy 101, SOLANA BEACH 
PARK'" 

BACK 792·7521 



6 OPINION The UCSD Guudian .. Monday. April 29. 1996 

LIMITING AIDS FuNDING IS UNETffiCAL 
Editor: 

I am saddened by the inaccurate. 
insensitive, shoI1sighted, selfish and 
provincial attitude refleCted by Derek 
van Hoften 's anicle ("The Great 
AIDS Scare," April 22. 1996). I firmly 
believe that Mr. van Hoften's argu-
ment that determination of "blame" 
borne by victims of certain affiictions 
should be a consideration in this pro-
cess is both logically unsound and 
ethically bankrupt. 

"In the first place," Mr. van Hoften 
writes. "we must not lose sight that 
when people contraCt HIV, it is almost 
always their own fault" But it is not 
clear that individuals always have it 
in their power the ability to avoid risky 
behaviors. A teenage runaway who 
finds the street preferable to an abu· 
sive parent, and sells sex to survive is 
incapable of an entirely cool and ra-
tional choice. The ethnocentrism of 
this argument is also appallingly ap-
parent Is an African woman in a ru-
ral, male-dominated society capable 
of a free behavioral choice? Do Thai 
children sold into sexual slavery by 
their parents deserve to contract HIV? 

Mr. van Hoften's analysis of AIDS 
tatistics is flawed by concentration 

upon United States statistics alone, 
considering the 12-20 million cases 
of HIV infection arc predicted world-
wide by the year 2000. You also care-
fully fai led to mention the funding os· 
tensibly allocated for cancer research 
is actually greater than that for AIDS 
research: $2 billion for the National 
Cancer Institute, $1.3 billion for the 
Office of AIDS Research in 1995. 

We are reminded that "more im· 
portantly" we should consider instead 

that AIDS victims are deserving of 
their fale, whereas cancer victims are 
innocent of blame. as "cancer can 
strike anyone at any time." But I see 
that Mr. van Hoften has already taken 
the logical SICp of excluding skin can· 
cer victims in his statistics. Rightly 
so, according to his Ioeic, for these 
people cenainly must have known 
that sunbathing would lead to basal 
cell carcinoma. or squamous cell car· 
cinoma, or melanoma. 

But he must have made an error, 
as he did include lung cancer victims 
within the American Cancer Society 
estimate of 1,252,000 cases. Surely, 
Mr. van Hoflen, you can't approve of 
funding research on preventable ill· 
nesses caused by the filthy habits of 
these morally slack individuals. And 
of course the victims of esophagal 
cancer (associated with alcohol and 
tobacco use), hepatocellular carci· 
noma (alcohol use, sexually acquired 
Hepatitis B infection), as well as cer-
vical cancer (associated ith early 
onset of sexual activity, multiple part· 
ners, and human papilloma virus in· 
fection) could have drastically reo 
duced their risk by altered behaviors. 
I'm sure, Mr. van Hoften , you 
couldn't have meant to condone ex· 
pendlture for research aimed at find· 
ing cures for these diseases. And why 
did you confine your incisive and as· 
tute observations to AIDS and can· 
cer? Shouldn't research on atheroscle· 
rotic hean disease (cholesterol, dietary 
fal , smoking) be discontinued? Re-
search on sports-related injuries could 
also be dismissed as completely un· 
necessary. The list goes on and on. 
• What Mr. van Hoften is propos-

=:=Notom 

Readers'Forum 
t.tNrw.., .. -uIn. pi-. ,.",. We re._ the rlf/rr to edit lor /enIIh and clarity. 

9500 Gilman Dr. 0316 
La Jol/s, CA 92093'()316 

Fax: (619) 534·7691 
e-mail: lusralan~sO. edU 

ing is a more directly politicized and 
error-prone process than the status 
quo. Finally, as a physician who 
cares for patients with AIDS, can-
cer, and other conditions, I deplore 
and condemn the concept of priori-
tizing research on the basis of "re-
sponsibility" for disease. Once ill, I 
believe that we all deserve sympa-
thy and care, regardless of whether 
or not our own ignorance, impru-
dence, or miscalculation in whom 
we placed our trust contributed to 
the affliction. 

David J. Looney, M.D. 

Groundwork Does Not 
Merit Attack 
Editor: 

In response to Derek van Hoften's 
article on Groundwork Books 
("Groundwork Books Still Stuck in 
the Ground," April 18, 1996), a sense 
of history might be in order here. Four 
years ago, UCSD had no Cross-Cul· 
tural Center; today it doc . Four years 

0peniIg ~o.:'15 ' 
~---7Iiii'Triiiiiio.iliiiffim1 & 11 p.m., SII. May 18 • 8:00 p.m. 

lion 55 II III door onty! 
~fCiicHrCOiiCiir1 Cabaret 

ago, UCSD had no funded WomeIl'S 
Center; next fall, it will. 

Groundwork is not advocating 
armed struggle against the govern· 
ment of the United Slates, after al~ 
but rather a revolution in conscious-
ness and movements for social change 
based on that changed consciousness. 

Most laughable is the suggestion 
that the uni versity "requires" the pur-
chase of books at Groundwork. The 
university requires no such thing. In 
fact, the university spent over 
$500,000 between 1991 and. 1993 to 
try to eliminate Groundwork Books 
and all other co·ops at UCSO. A his-
tory of the university 's hostility to-
ward UCSO's co-ops would fill hun-
dreds of pages. 

Of course, many faculty do chose 
to send their orders to Groundwork 
Books. You may complain to them 
if you like, but we also hear many 
complaints in the other direction -
of students who wish their profes-
sors would order from us instead of 
the University Bookstore. And keep 
in mind that the University Book-
store has politics also, even if its 
corporate phi losophy is more subtle, 
as it is more pervasive in our soci-
ety. 

At Groundwork we strive to 
meet the educational mission of the 
university by offering training in 
operating a non-profit business in a 
collective, non-hierarchical manner, 
and by making information avail-
able that is not readily accessible 
elsewhere. We work hard for the 
benefit of the UCSD community. 
We do not believe we merit attack. 

Groundwork Books Collective 

I~~~~~~---------u~r.r.~rn.~~rl~~~~and~~ lUI. J ...... 7:00 p.m., 408 LIrgI S1udIo ThNI1t (on WImn Ctmpue) 
PI.VAI'. Present 

AffIrmIitive Action 
...., Not Open to All 
Editor: 

On March 12, 1996, several 
UCSO student groups held a high-
profile, pro·affirmative action rally 
which received considerable media 
anention. What the news coverage did 
not mention is that students opposed 
to affirmati ve action were not allowed 
to speak at the evenl. 

Opponent of affirmative-action 
policies do not comprise a small, in-
significant group. They include the 
California Republican Party, nearly 
half of the UC faculty and over one 
million Californians who helped place 
the Califomia Civil Rights Initiative 
on this November's ballot A forum 
at which such a widely held view is 
deliberately excluded does nothing to 
promote debate or to educate students 
about the issue. Rather, the organiz-
ers are attempting to create the false 
impression that the UCSD student 
body is unanimous in its support for 
affirmative action. It is not. 

We regret that student-fee money 
is being used to pay for an event 
whose purpose is to misrepresent stu-
dent opinion. We call onlheASUCSD 
and the GSAUCSD to reconsidertheir 
funding of the groups which spon· 
sored the March 12 rdlly. 

Eric j. Bylaska, Dan Marom, 
Cindy Gustafson-Brown, Arthur 

Houweling, Boris Slutsky, 
Margaret Steffensen, Anthony R. 

Finchum, Robert E. Miranda, 
William Richelieu, Gavin 

Gruenberg, Daniel Snoek, 
Jennifer Wood, Lon Nguyen 

. Monday, April 29, 1996 

RACE: raise awareness of relevant issUes. Huddling in a comer while whisper-
Contlnuecf flaM,. 4 inI.-nong~ procb:esnotb-
The reason is that humans are divi- ing in the way of solutions. 
sive by nature, and also needful of • In addition to these organizations, 
group identity. We seem to be. con- however. political campaigns also 
tinually dividing ourselves into contribute to the persistence of rac-
smaller. more resIrictcd groups. ism. It seems that whenever election 

Right here at UCSO, there are day nears, politicians gather around a 
coundess organizaIions with ethnic or ''hot topic" like vuhures, fueling the 
national focuses. Sometimes these tires with rhetoric. Unfonunately, this 
clubs betome so self-involved that topic usuilly his a racial angle. When 
they become isolated 1liii, to a c;e,.. the ~ deficit between the United 
lain extent, exclusive. But this isola- Stales and Japan W&'l the contentious 
tionism is noI the result of a \XlIISCious issue, Republicans and Democrats 
effon on the paR Of these cxpn~ alike jumped on the bandwagon of 
tions. Rather, it is the basic need of anIi-Japanese sentiment 
people to distinguish themselves from 1bday. it seems the people to "pick 
the rest of the crowd - to feel spe- on" are Mexicans and Mexican-
ciaL UnfOl1UnateIy. these activities are Americans. This prejudice is espe-
often inIerpIettd as racial self-segre- cially apparenI in San Diego because 
galion, IeadiJIg 10 muluaI distnasl and of our close proximity to the border. 
ignorance. Bvery politician has "vowed to end 

A goal of these organizations illegal immipalion" and to secure our 
should be to establish a dialogue be- bmJcrsagainstllien ''invasion. "They 
tween different groups in an effon to argue that illegal immigrants are ''lak-

STRUGGLE: BUI, minority leaders assert, rac-ism has become much subtler, and 
Continued from pee 4 thus. all the more pervasive in our so-
thero still exists a great deal of racism ciety. Minorities regularly cite their 
in ow society. Racism. broadly de- own experiences of being sliahted in 
fined, is the prejudging of an indi- social, educational and occuparionaJ 
vidual on the basis of ftis skin color situations. Often, however, it is no 
or national origin. Hence, we say that more than a backward glance or odd 
a person who won't hire someone look that sets off the racism alarm. 
because of the color of his skin is act- It is hard to see this as anything 
ing in a racist manner. The police of- but hypersensitivity. Minorities often 
ficers in¥olv~d in the beating of say, "Well, you just can't understand 
Rodney King were also said to be because you didn't experience it" 
acting out their racism. There's no responding to this claim 

Yet, can we chalk up all of out'ra- because those of us "on the outside" 
cial problems to the stubborn persis- can't possibly know what's going on 
tence of racism? This does not seem inside the heads of these purponed 
reasonable. Minorities now hold very victims of discrimination. 
prorninent positions in media, govern- By the same token, though, we 
ment and corporate America. Take, can't know whal'S really going on 
for instance, the lale Ron Brown. who inside the head of the would-be dis-
was a member of the president's cabi- criminator. In a culture absolutely fas-
net, and before that a very powerful cinaled by everything psychological, 
figure in Democratic politics. it's easy to believe that we can readily 

ecame Catholic" 
of Tragedy & Triumph 

- Catholic Bible Study 
Revelle-Galbraith Hall 1402 

... -.------------- - ...... . , 

nsitlve, Affordable Dental Care 
We're taking a new little approach to dental care. Convenient hours 
and location. Gentle and caring treatment at affordable fees. All in a 
cozy new dental office with videos and cunent reading material to put 
you at ease during YOUt visit. 
We're committed to doing our best to provide preventative, cosmetic, 
and restorative dental care to keep your dental bills down, your mouth ( 
healthy, and your smile bright. Call us today. 

LA JOLLA VILLAGE DENTAL OFFICE 
es E. Sanford, D.D.S. 

General, Preventative, and Cosmetic Services 
MoS! UCSD mss .... ance acctpW • Rtlaxtxl, frind'1/11l11O$fhfe • VtdtolStLreD 

• Mtmbrr ADA, CDA, SOCDS 

i La Jolla Village Professiorw1 CmteT 
8950 VdIa La Jolla Dr., Suite 2103 

Ta, Floor, ;.s. beItind El T orito 
Eumillc (/ s-rda, ~ 0Mi/aIIIr 

I-S .. Lea Jolla v .... Driw 558-3490 ' 

The UCSD Guardian OPlNION 7 

ing jobs away from Americans" and groups now have equal oppodUnity. But relale. This is just one example of 
costing our economy millions of 001- the end of affirmative action woo't be a how racism can rear its ugly head 
lars ill social services. monument to their effective poBey mak- without being as obvious as a tele· 

What they don't realize - or, ing: rather, it will be the precipice from vised beating. 
more likely, ignore - is that Mexi- which they toss all gains made against This is also why it is important 
can immigrants support much of racism. for sheltered, upper-middle-class 
California's farm industry. They are Many believe that racism doesn't legislators to not gauge the level of 
the ones bn:aking their backs in the exist largely because they have never discrimination from their own ex· 
fields and living in sub-standard con- really experienced it. There is a great periences because- to be blunt -
ditions while being paid next to noth- difficulty in imparting to someone who they simply don't know what the 
ing - all to cultivate California &'I the has never expeoenced such slights the hell they are talking about. 
agricultural jewel of the United Slates. feeling that "df'ffused" racism gives. By But, before you nod yow heads 
Politically driven misrepresentatioos diffused racism. I mean non-oven acts, in self-righteous agreement, take a 
of facts such as these noI only con- such as staring or changes in the tone of good look at your own actions. Do 
fuse the true immigration issue but. voice by others. you use yow friends "of color" to 
worse, provide justificarion for rac- For instance, when a Mexican- shield yourself from criticism and 
ism. American friend of mine attended a ge- introspection? Do you think that 

The end of affirmative action in netics disc:ussion section. he walked into just because you have "lots of black 
the UC system and its proposed elimi- a room of mostly Caucasian and Asian friends" that your heart is free of 
nation by the state government are students. He received subde and noI-~ prejudice? Perhaps. but don't corne 
perfect examples of how far we think subtle stares and double-takes which to that conclusion too easily: After 
we have come in ending racism, and only a person who has experienced this all, one of the biggest enemies of 
how far we still have to go. State ~ type of social discrimination can under- the fight against racism is the inac-
ers have the arrogance to assume that stand. There was no overt act of preju- curale views we have of ow soci-
racism has been eliminated from hir- dice here. However, when he told me ety and, more importantly. our-
ing practices and that all minority about this incident, I could immedi8lely selves. 

'1118 ........ ..., .... sic powers to the government; the America is now in the process of 
relatloM •• 10 government's main objective is to pro. "disuniting itself," to borrow a teet its citizens against aggression. for- phrase from Arthur Schlesinger. Jr. 
strained Is tIIat eign or domeslic. Moreover. the Con- The cries of racism by minority 
Individuals "'w. stitution guarantees certain rights that groups are nothing more than cries cannot be vioJated by government in the for power. Think aboul this the next 
succumbed to the use of its powers. time you hear some group or an-
collectivist Impu .... The hean of the American ideal is to other squawking about ,its gross let the individual freely exploil his God- "underrepresentation." 
discern the motives behind people's given talents. But this ideaJ is precisely The reason why race relations 
actions. But the truth is we can never what has been under attack in recent are so strained is that indivi(luals 
really know. decades. Dissatisfied with their lot in have succumbed to the collectiv-

Racism is not the rooc cause of our life, these collectivists argue thai the iSl impulse. They have chosen to 
strained race relations. Rather. the rise right of the individual to succeed trans- identify themselves with their 
of a collectivist mentality in America lales, in practice, into the dominating of panicular group fi rst and America 
and its rejection of notions about in- some groups by others. In modem soci- second. All this is. not to say that 
dividual worth and initiative h&'l pit- ety, these collectivists argue, it is neces- diverse cultures cannot coexist in 
ted one racial group against another. sarily the case that blacks are pitted this country. The American ideal 

The singular achievement of the against whites, labor is coerced by man· is inclusive because it enshrines 
American form of government is its agement and men dominate women. all that is noble within in~ividu· 
predication on the idea that the indi- The collectivist mindset is the driv- als. It is to this ideal that we all 
vidual is the best judge of how he ing forte behind this segmentation of must subscribe if race relations 
should arrange his own affairs. The society. Instead of keeping faith with !fie are to improve and America is to 
Constitution grants only the most ba- ideal of the nobility of the individual, be united again. 

'500 X-treme Pun 
Coll ege Incentive 

rt-_====--_-_·-.. PiU8~year-Pree-Ride 'Toyota Auto Care' .. _._ ... ·-----I 
Available to all College Student.! 

If you're a college student with the ambition to pursue X·treme fun, you can receive a S5IO C,rtlftClII good 
toward the purchase or lease of any new 1996 or 1997 Toyota.' 
1'1112-Y'" FIII-R .. T.,... Alto ea,,' which includes 24 hour Roadside Assistance, Oil Changes & 
Inspections. Eligible colltge graduates also get added incentives includlno No Monty Down flnancino or a Lease 
with No Security Deposit required.t 
But don't walt ... thls limited offer ends ....... 31. 1.1 
GaR our toll-free number or visit o:Jr web site today to obtain your free $500 X-treme Fun College 
Incentive Certificate. 

Cbooee from a wide aelection of any new 1998 or 199., toyota model. including ••• 
C:0R0\..l.A CAN/RV ~~L.. 

s.yond the elemental)' 
In Toyota quality. 

Dean's list frN' youthful 
function & .tyHng. 

®TOYOTA 

-· ... ""·-_ .... nlS'_ .... _ ......... _Io ... _______ Loo. 
_ .. _._ ..... -....,.--..,. .. ------

S~~~~~~~~t~?]~,..IIM .. ,.-........ --.. ""' ....... " .. - ~ ..... -, ..... _ ... __ 11_ ....... --.41_ .. _ Il.lA.lICaK ____ c:.., .. _10" 'CoIIII· .. __ ----.... _.-".,--'Wl 
---,,-



8 NEWS The UCSD Guardian ~onday. ~129. 1996 

Social Issues Dominate Vietnamese-American Conference 
MEETING: Both 
students and community 
members attended event 

ment, was the first of its kind at 
UCSD. 

The workshops focused on so-
cial issues including prejudice, in-
ner-family conflict and the inte-
gration of immigrants into Ameri-
can society. 

By M8rY Hlat ... 
Staff Writer 

Dating difficulties and cultural 
gaps featured heavily in discus-
sions at Saturday'S Vietnamese 
Student Association conference at 
the Price Center. 

One workshop highlighted the 
communication problems facing 
many Vietnamese-American fami-
lies arising because of the lan-
guage barrier between parents who 
speak English as a second lan-
guage and chi Idren who were edu-
cated in American schools. 

Entitled "Resolving Conflict 
With Compromise," the event 
drew several dozen students to four 
workshops on issues within the 
Vietnamese-American commu· 
nity. The conference, which also 
featured free food and entertain-

Hanh 

In addition to the language bar-
rier, children in traditional Viet-
namese households are encouraged 
to keep their emotions to them-

selvt'~ . 
According to 

VSA member 
Phuong - Trang 
"Suzanne" Huynh, 
this tends to frus-
trate children of 
Vietnamese immi -
grants because they 
are presented with 
contradictory social 
systems. At school 
they are encouraged 
to speak out and be 
honest, but at home 
they are expected to 
show respect and 
submission to par-
ents. 

Oratory: San Diego County Principal Engineer 
Tran Glac Hoa delivers the keynote address 
at Saturday's conference. 

This dichotomy 
often leads to iden-
tity crises where 
young adu Its feel 
torn between two 
cultures, Huynh 

+l.ong Uve our GDB! 
/Es lebe unsere DDR!] 

('Thomas Hausner, 1995) 87 min 
Tuesday, April 30 

+Professioo: Neo-Nazi 
(Winfried Bonengel, 1993) 85 min 

fBeruf: Neo-Nazi] 
-with-

+ScbwllrV'1IInwr 
(Pepe Danquan, 1993) 10 min 

Tuesday, May 7 

+RauUeots DistrIct 
fRau/tens RevIer/ 

(Alice Agneskirchner, 19')4) 85 min 
Tuesday, May 14 

+The Diplomat 
{Der DIplomat] 

(A Starost, H. Grotjahn, 19')4) 80 min 
Tuesday, May 21 

said. 
Huynh added that children of 

Vietnamese immigrants must 
ot. ,.times struggle with unreason-
able parental pressure. Because 
many Vietnamese refugees faced 
extreme hardships, they pressure 
their children to excel and take 
advantage of opportunities. 

"Parents expect a 101 of their 
children," Huynh said. "If expec-
tations are not being met, there is 
a big conflicl." 

Several students also joked 
about the difficullies of dating. 
saying that pressure to conform 
comes not only from parents but 
from peers as well. 

"I have a friend who went on 
two different dates in one week," 
one student said. "On his first date, 
the girl told him he was too Vi et-
namese. The next weekend, a dif-
ferent girl told him he was LOO 
American." 

Such stereotypes, as well as oth-
ers like "fresh off the boat" or 
"gangbanger," are a major prob-
lem facing Vie.tnamese-Ameri -
cans, VSA member Kaylie Nguyen 
said . 

Social worker Peter Bui, who 
helps juvenile offenders in Los 
Angeles, said the transition from 
one culture to another is often dif-
ficult for youngsters to cope with. 

"[Being an immigrant] is like 
being a tree that's been planted in 
soil, feeding on the sun and the 
water, and then uprooted," Bui 
said. 

Several conference participants 
frequently used the Vietnamese 
term mal goc - which literally 

All ftlma are in German with Enallsb subtitles 
and will be shown at 5pm 10 SoDs 104 

Sponsored by the Goethe-Institut L.A. 
and the German Sudies Program 

For further information, contact the Literature Department 

means "uprooted." 
Nguyen said the 

term carries other 
connotations as 
well, such as having 
been "white-
washed" - com-
pletely rejecting 
Vietnamese culture. 

Nguyen said 
some immigrants 
choose to reject one 
culture or the other, 
rather than at-
tempting to find a 
medium between the 
two. 

According to 
keynote s peaker 
Tran Giac Hoa, prin· 
cipal engineer for 
the County of San 
Diego, bridging the 
gap between genera-
tions is the key to 
solving identity is-
sues. 

"The fami Iy is 
the best school to 
train the mind and 
the heart," he said. 

Hanh Nauyenj Gu8rdi8n 
Adulation: Roosevelt junior Dong-Thu Buu 
thanks everyone that attended the 
conference during the closing ceremony. 

Hoa encouraged 
students to discuss problems with 
their parents in a casual setting, 
and to emphasize communication 
rather than confrontation. 

Interim Chancellor Marjorie 
Caserio, another keynote speaker, 
discussed her own experience of 
immigrating to America from Lon-
don to allend graduate school. 

"As a female person in a some· 
what stratified society, the oppor-
tunities were simply not there," 

Caserio said , likening her experi -
ence to that of recent Vietnamese 
immigrants. 

Caserio further stressed the im-
portance of self-worth and the 
value of higher education. 

"[~e live] in an increasingly 
high·tech society," Caserio said. 
"If you don't keep up, you will 
learn a biller lesson. We are all 
different, and we all are contribu-
tors to society." 

1Af-J!J!JlV2"lON B'J!ODD2' 
~U".: ..... ~'l'lONB: 

OeDter 
D Bmd.eDta. 

(8m4eDt ueDler) 
\ D OeDtel' 

Dttadlllle to submit 
I._~~, "r JII, J 

. Monday. April 29. 1996 1be UCSD Guardian FEATURES 9 

"Now I have become death, the destroyer of worlds," 
ifty yea~, nine months, 13 days and 
so me hours ago, in a desolate, 
secluded region of New Mexico 
known as of the Jornada del Muerto 
("Journey of Death"), night turned to 
day in a blinding flash. A ball of 
gold, purple, violet and gray fire rose 
up from the earth, a heat and shock 
wave to put all others to shame 
blasted through the air and a 

mushroom-shaped cloud rose nearly eight miles into 
the pre·dawn sky. 

The Manhattan Project, as it was officially called, 
was a success. Although the shock wave broke windows 
as far as 120 miles off and was felt at least 160 miles 
away, U.S. Army officials would only say that a 
munitions storage area had accidentally exploded at the 
Alamogordo Bombing Range. Although nobody in the 
outside world knew any more than what the Army had 
told them, I . Robert Oppenheimer and his team had just 
detonated the world's first atomic bomb. 

As one visitor to the now-famous Trinity bomb site 
said: "It was the turning point of the 20th century." 

Why the name "Trinity"? Oppenheimer said that 
while his work was a "technically sweet problem," he 
was haunted by apocalyptic nightmares that the 
Germans would develop the bomb first. With an 
almost religious devotion, Oppenheimer raced the 
bomb to completion. The Germans, Oppenheimer 

said, would have no qualms about using it. 
Oppenheimer 's life was dictated eq ually by 

Sanskrit verse, Eastern sc ripture and Western lore, as 
it was by scientific fact. As some historians have 
pointed out, "Trinity" was an allusion to British poet 
John Donne's Holy Sonnet no. 14: "Baller my heart, 
three person'd God, for you as yet but knock, breathe, 
shine and seek to mend." 

Hundreds of years later, Donne's reflective poem 
seems as appropriate as ever. Many hearts have 
sought "to mend" as a result of Oppenheimer's daring 
research and a tiny site named "Trinity." 

few of my fri ends into going to the site's biannual 
"open house," but none of them were particularly 
enthused. 

Spring Break came and nearly went, and I had 
almost forgotten about New Mexico. After returning 
to school , I off-handedly menlioned the possibility of 
such a trip to an editor at the Guardian. He told me I 
I,;ould take the trip if I could lind a photographer to go 
with me, and if I promised to write a story about the 
legendary site. 

Seventy-two hours later, Mark and I were heading 
down Interstate 8 for poi nlS east. 

The Journey ------ According to a recorded message at the 
I love road trips, but somewhere 

you have to draw the line. What 
comes perilously close is driving all 
night to New Mexico, sleeping four hours in a parking 
lot, and then driving back to California six hours later. 
But how often do you get to see the place where time 
stood still for one instant, rolled billions of years 
backward in a heartbeat to the big bang and then raced 
forward again in another? 

Several weeks earlier, I was sitting. in a friend's 
apartment, planning a Spring Break highway 
adventure. We were going to the Grand Canyon, and 
someone had picked up a hanctful of AAA maps and 
guides. I was nipping through the guide to New 
Mexico when I chanced upon the entry for 
Alamogordo - and the Trinity Site. I tried to talk a 

White Sands Missile Range Public Affairs 
office, there were two ways to get to the 

site: caravaning across the range with a 
hundred·or-so other cars from the Alamogordo County 
Fairgrounds or driving on our own through the range's 
Stallion Gate. We chose the caravan. 

Friday afternoon around 3 p.m. , we hopped into 
the car and set off for New Mexico. Twelve hours, 
two Border Patrol agents, four gas stations and one 
really bad roadside caf~ later, we arrived at 
Alamogordo. Although we spent a few minute 
driving in circles trying to find the fairgrounds, we 
eventually did, resting our tired car - literally -
behind a traveling circus. 

When we woke up, there was a woman waving us 
See TRINITY, Page 11 

Story by Terry Lew Photos by Mark Patterson 



10 

he 

Academic Services 
Ongoing 

·The OAIII ....... PnIarMI prowiIII .... tutoring .... 
lance to sIudInII whoM rlllMllInguIgI • not EnaIiIh and to 
\hoM doing work In SpIniIh. FrwndI •. nlMancMrIn. AdIgnoItic 
lei! for wriIIIn Eng\iIh lIa'llillbll on requeeL Call: 534-no7 for 
more inIonnIillon, or ~ by 0\1' oIIIce In CInW Hal, 1..a\'113. 
·The OAIIS WrtIIng c....... ill he IIIvicI for UCSO studera. 
We oller Individual writing corRrencM for "'f type of writing 
project. l1li*' Of CfIItiYe wrtIIng. C11534-7707 fOr an appoiIt. 
rnent or drop by our office In Center HIlI. LM 3. 
·Acad.mIc InIIrnIIIIp ".....: AppbtionI for SIInmer and 
Falt(out-of·lOWn) inIamIhips will be accepIId Monday. April 8 
through Fridly. May. 24. SIudInIs must,... oompIMId 90 units . 
2 twer dIviIIon COUIMI. and have a nirimum 2.5 GPA. lJIra· 
lure Bldg .• Room 3255. M.T.Th. F 8:3().12:3O and 1:00..t:OO ; 
wednetilays 8:30-1 :00. 

Leaure 
WednndIIy. May 1 

«yrie Catholic: BIlle 1IIudy. Join us for priIII8 and fIIowIhip. 
J_s Akln. former EYIIlg8IicaI. wi tell hiI ~ story. 
Revelle', Gallrlilh Hall room 14021117:OOpm 

Health & Fitness 
Ongoing 
~ your heIIItIl NutrtIIon COUll .... and dial .... 01 
ac:nenIng at Student HeII\h SeMces. Sign 14> on the 111 floor at 
SHS. 

Clubs & Meetings 
Ongoll19 

......... 0rscIUI0n CommItIIe weekly meetings: Come . 
UI your input11 Fridays. 3:30 pm. For Informltion. c:.Il534. 
·WIIdenMa Club- San Diego has many beUfuI pteoes to hike 
and e.pore. Join u. u we ptan local outings. Wednesdays. 5:30-
7:00 at \he Che Cafe, or .. mall: guyb'ucsd.edu 
4IacII GrIcIuatIon CommInae meetings Its c:unantIy being held 
al the TMC Dean's otfice. If you I(e graduating or JUSt wanllO 
help plan this great event, corne check us out \his Tuesday at 4 
pm. 
·The Grlduall Gayl8iMluaI ....... Group meellll1lhe SOIAh 
Conference Room In SlUdanl Center B. IOUIh 01 MandeYII and 
east of Porter', Pub. to openly discuss topics In a non-judge-
mental environment Led by Rick and Mike. Sponsored by Pay. 
choIoglCIl and Counseling Services. x43755. l'hursdays It 6:30-
8:00pm. 
.Recrulting Students with time and passion commitment towards 
an eaIIbIlshllWlt oil _Itudent orpIIIzatIon starting Fall 
'96. For Info., call Tam. 538·5973. 
olaebIan IIId BI .. IUII W_', Group meetsevery Wednes· 
day night, 7: 1 5-8:30 pm at the North Conference Room. Old Stu· 
dent Cenler. 
oUebIIn Gay BI .. xuaI ~-Come out and get invoIvedl 
Make a mark in your IWe. Join us every Monday at 7 pm at the 
Women's Resource Center, For more Info. please call 534-
GAYS(4297). Check out our homepage at hltp:J/sdccI3.ucsd.eduJ 
-ucadlgbaJ 
• The IIecIItaIIon Club provides a free and quiet environment to 
practice BuddhisVetc. meditation. No experience needed. Mon-
days. 6 pm • Student Center Conference Room and Thoodays. 
noon • Revelle Formal Lounge. Rick. 452-9226. E-mail: 
meditate' ucsd .eoo 
oClIes. Club meeting at the Inlernational Center Conference 
Room. avery Thursday at 7 pm. in the International Center across 
from Center Hall. Evaryone welcome. No fees, bring sets and 
ctocks if posaille. 
·A new educational support class Is being offered exclusively for 
women faculty, staff and students who hive experienced ... Ull 
h .... ment on campu •. Tha class wYI be held at the Office of 
Sexual Harassment Policy and Prevention, The class will meel 
on Mondays from 4:30-5:45 pm during spring quarter "om ~ :3O. 
5:45 p.m. Call June Terpstra al 534-8297. 

Monday. Apr. 29 
oCoIIItI Democratl MeeIIng. 7:30 pm'Sotis Hall. AM Demo-
crats welcome. Phone 452·8836 for details. 
oJaAIIII 5uaIIIfHt3. 7:()()'9:OO OInterna\ional Center. aN you can 
eat. 52 members. ~ non·member. 

Wednesday. May 1 
-HMOS'. 'Managed ea,.1ts IIIIf*' In San DIego Ind Be-
yond. Video t di:acusslon led by Dr. Barbera Brody. Sponsored 
by Health ProIeSIions Program. 5:00.6:30 pm. Pnce Cenier, Davis! 
Riverside Room 
oKyrte CIltIoIIc Bible Study. Join us for priase and fellowship. 
James Akin. former Evangelical, w~1 tell his conversion story. 
Revelle's GaIlraith Hall room 1402 at 7:00 pm 

Religious Services 
Ongoing 

ofplecopal Student. A.IOC.tion Eucharist every Wednesday 
from 5:00-6:00 pm in \he International Cenler. Free dUlner and 
discussion following service. Students. famity. staff welcome. Call 
534·2537 for more information. 
o()fftce of AalIg1ou. A"lIrI-x42521 . 502 MMC. Reli!llous and 
Spiritualll\lld8nct. Referrals to.al churches. Ecumenicar~ with 
cuns andhtgh-pressure groups. 
oMUSllM Friday Pray.: Join \he Muslim Studenl Association 
for the weekly Friday Prayer. 10 be held on the second floor of lhe 
Price Center, t pm. 

The UCSD Guardian 

Weekly 

Services/Workshops 
Ongoing 

oWOlEN: SuppoIt IfOUP lid by two ..... couneeIorI. 
and diIcuIs Issues conceming you and \he community. 
Call 534-9509 foI intOImaIion. 
....... "..,.. Group- 3:00.4:30 pm. Revelle ProYOSl 
StIItI A11ri125. Leaders: Nancy WIIlIig. 534-5793 and John 
534-1519. 
..... Work, and AIIIIIonIIIip Group- Mountain VtfNi 
MIrIhaI college. Laaclers: Jeanne Manese. 534-3035 IIId 
Filcher. 534-lrn. 2::KH pm. TUIIdIys. 
oGrIduaII ..... ·.IllClWonwI·. Group I- 3240 Lit. Bldg. 
8r1: Oevid 1IIuband. 534-3987 and Linda YOI6IIl. 634-596'5. 
4 pm. Tuesdays. 
___ ...... IIICI Clan SuppoIt Group- Half 
CoIIoe. LaadlKs: Nicki Golden. 534-3456 and Jennifer 
534-SiI88. 3:3().5 pm. Tlusdays. 
tP...ane 8IIpport Group- 1003 Gal)ralth Hall. Leader. 
Juarez, 534-3875. t :3().3 pm. Wedrlndays. 
ofIeI-Eateem WorbIIop- Muir coltae Provost Con,ferllllCl 
Room. leader: ReIna Juaraz. 534-3875. 1-3 pm, Mondays. 
.......... a., ..... IUII MIn', Support GnqI. 
III I collfid.,,'iaI drop-In grlq) where studenIs can diIcun II· 
_end .... CIOIlCIIIIIIed by Ed and John. SOIMl ConIerence 
Room. Student CanIIr BuIdIng • .::ross "om InIImIIionel Cen-
ter. Wedneldlya. 7-8:30 pm. 
o£aIIng AwI .. _ WoIbhop. 5:3().7:3O. AprtI17. 24. and May 
1, U!MniIyCenler 412 room 16. Cal Psychoi0gicai SeMces at 
534-3755 for 1nIomIIIion. 
oGrIcIuIIe MIn'. and W-'e Group 11003 Galbrailh Hall. 
1.NdIIS: MIrtam 10II4lCMd. 534-0255111d JenniIer Sanlord. 534-
5989. Wldneldaya. l1am-12:3O pm. 
oWIIat', LCM Go! To Do WIltIIt1l8ad8r: UncIa Yooog. 534· 
5905. l.ocdon: 2101 HS&S. Wedneldays. 4;()()'5:30 pm. 
·Allan-AnrIcIn CanINInItJ ~ Mountain VIeW Lounge. 
Marshall College. LeadIrs: John Wu, 534-1579. Jeanne Manese. 
534-3035. end Junghee Park-Adams, 534-5981 . Fridays. 12:00· 
1:30pm. 
oCaIIIpua IIIIICII ~tain VtfNi Lou~. MarshlM Col· 
lege. leaders: PhIip Raphael. 534-0252 and UncIa Yooog. 534· 
5W5. Fridays. 4:15-6:00 pm. 
·lalillOllClllcano Support Group- Mountlln View Lounge. 
Marshall College. Laiders: Raina Juarez. 534·3875 and Dan 
Munoz. 534-0251 . Wednesdays. 3:00-5:00 pm. 
·AIcohoI and SUbetance AbuM Group- Mountain VieW lotKlge. 
Marshal CoIege.l.e8ders: Dan Munoz. 534-0251 and Jeff Fischer. 
534·1725. Fridays. 2:~:00 pm. 
oMen .nd Women molested I. chllchn- 1003 Galbraith Hall. 
Revelle College. Leader: Miriam 10SI4lOVici. 534-0255. Wednes· 
days. 4:30-6:00 pm. 
'ACA AdYlnc:ed TherlPY Group. Mountain View Lounge. 
Marsha" CoIieoe. Le~s: ~an~ Manese. 534-3035 and Jeff 
FISCher. 534-1125. Fridays, 8.15·9.45 am. 
·"PIer Review". Toastmasters, every Tuesday at noon, room 114, 
Scripps Institute of Oceanography. Improve your speaking, lead· 
ership sk~1 and sell confidence. 
o$Imu\allld ProfeallOlllI and Grlduate School Intlrllews· 
Practice your interview skiMs and conl8n1 with faculty, prolesslon· 
als. and advisors during 45-minute sessions. for health and men-
tal health professions. Ph.D in life sciences. and most other pro· 
fessional degrees. Sign ~ by April 12. 
·ProIe .. lonallGndulll School Advising· Daily appointment 
available for issues rellted to professionaVgraduate school ad· 
mission. Cal 534 ... 939. Career Cenler. 
~n AdvI.lng - For help with career goals. job hunting. reo 
sume preparallon and related Issues. No appointment needed. 
just walk in. 1 :30"':00 pm. Career Center. 
-MENTOR ""-1ft joiIllarch help from a professional in your 
field arranged by a career advisor. Pick up an application at Ca· 
reer Services Ref. Room. 
-stG1 PLUS ~ he~s you assess your values and inter· 
ests anbd generates career options. Career Center. 
-Sunday Mlnl-Ven Tou,.. of UCSO., 2 pm. GYman Information 
pmion. First and Third Sundays of each month. CaU534·1 414. 
-Sunday WIlking Tours of UCSO' 2 pm. Gilman Information 
Pavilion. 9O-min. tours on the second. fourth and fifth Sundays of 
each montI1. Cell 534-1414 for iAformallon. 

Monday, Apr. 29 
otdtnllfyi"ll your el ... In HUllllln Services combines seH·as· 
sessment With Information about specific jobs in this ocC\4lational 
area. 3:Q0-4:30 pm. Career Services. 

Tuesday. Apr. 30 
.... rUIIb .. Resume- Learn how to creale a resume Itoat wiU gel 
you ~ interview in lhis hands·on wor\(shop. 11 :30 am. Career 
Services. 

Wednesday. May 1 
o()n C.mpu. interviewing Progl'lln: SaInlM.rllellng Week. 
5/13·5/17. File priority cards and lesume by May 1. Career Ser· 
vices. 

Thursday. May 2 
otntarview Skln.- How 10 market yourself in an Inlerview, corn-
mon questIOns asked. and how to prepare. 12:00pm. Career Ser· 
vices, 
-Grad Study In Polltle., Science· Hear professors describe 
graduate school admiSsions process, chOOSing programs, and 
Ide as a graudate student. 2:30 pm. Career Services. 

MondaY. April25~ 1996 

Calenda 
Events & Recreation 

Ongoing 
oSpIrtt World. stone carvlnga from ZImbIbwe from the collection of 
JUlie and Ian Allen. Apr~ 1 ~y 17. Crafts Center/grove gallery. 

~lIydlnc.' .t UCSD. A student recreational organization· Try 
B8IyIIIndng! EV8I)'OIl8 welcome! Rae gym conference room. Every Thurs-
day. 7:30·9:00 pm. 
-SpirIt World. an exhilition of stone carvings from Zimbabwe. Africa, will 
be on IIiew April t6 ttvough May t7 in Ihe Grove Gallery. 10 am·S pm. 
Tuesday through Friday. and 10 am-2 pm. Selurday. Free admission. For 
more information. call 534·2021. 

Tuesday. Apr.30 
-Evening Hille to Penaequitol ..... Take a sludy break and enjoy San 
Diego's great outdoors. 6:00-10:00 pm. Ueel al6 pm in the parking lot 
behind the Old Studenl Center. Queslions? can 558-1 384 or 
buybOucsd.edu 

Thursday, May 2 
-Conlerenca PUBUC SPACE AND DEMOCRACY. jointiy organized by 
UCSD and the College International De Philosophie. Opening reception 
at the UCSD Faculty Club. 5:00 pm. May 2. AM events on May 3 & 4 at the 
Price Center. Santa BarbaraILos Angeles Room from 9:30 am·5:30 pm. 
PartiCipants include Marcel Henaff . Paul Dumouchel . Jacqueline 
Lichlenstein. Shigeki Tominaga, J. Peter Euben. Marcel Detienne. Tracy 
B. Strong, Dc\na Vdla. syManeAgacinski. Samuel Weber. and Anne Norton. 
'An IYIIIlng of Student PerfonnallCllllld prllllltation al the Visual 
Arts Facility Performance Space. FREE! As part of SLAMITEXT, a Festi-
val of MUSIC, Video. Poelry. and Performance. 7:00 pm 

FrldlY. May 3 
·An evening of poetry reading •• live video performance. text IIId 
rnualc. Ind mu.ic at CRCA. 408 University Center. As parf of SLAMI 
TEXT. a Feslival ot Music. Video. Poetry. and Performance. FREE! 
-Conference PUBLIC SPACE AND DEMOCRACY. joinUy organized by 
UCSD and the College Inlernational De Philosophie. Opening recepllon 
al the UCSD Faculty Club. 5:00 pm. May 2. AI events on May 3 & 4 at the 
Price Center. Santa BarbaraILos Angeles Room from 9:30 am·5:30 pm. 
Participants include Marcel HenaH. Paul Dumouchel. Jacqueline 
Llchlenstein. Shigeki Tominaga. J. Peter Euben. Marcel Detienne. Tracy 
B. Strong. Dana Villa. sytviane Agaclnski, Samuel Weber. and Anne Norton. 
"'ovle: The Color Purple. An award· winning blockbuster hit. starring 
Whoopl Goldberg. Based on novel by Alice Walker. struggles of a black 
family in the rural South. Free Entrance. DiSCUSSion. coffee. cookies. and 
tea. Come and join us. 7:00 pm 

Saturday. May 4 
-Conference PUBLIC SPACE AND DEMOCRACY. joinUy organized by 
UCSD and the College International De Philosophie.Opening receplion 
at lhe UCSD Faculty Club. 5:00 pm. May 2. All events on May 3 & 4 at the 
Price Center, Santa Barbarallos Angeles Room from 9:30 am·5:30 pm. , 
Participanls include Marcel Henaff. Paul Dumouchel. Jacqueline 
Lichlenstein, Shlgekl Tominaga. J. Peter Euben. Marcel Detienne. Tracy 
B. Str<?ng. Dana Villa, syMane Agacinski. Samuel Weber, and Anne Norton. 
·SLAMITEXT. A F .. llval 01 Music. V'1deo. POIIry, and Performance 
continues. wfth an intermedia presentation and lecture with Stan Douglas 
at Erickson Hall. 1:00· 3:00 pm. B210 Mandeville Center. FREE! 
·SLAMITEXT continues with more poets. munimedia artists. lext and 
music. 7:00 pm at CRCA, 408 UniverSity Center FREEl 
·AYOP: Come and loin the fun! Balboa ParM.1useum. Meet al Peterson 
Hall at 10:45 am sharp . Please bring your own lunch. For more info: 5se· 
8821. 

Other 
Thursday. Apr. 25 

·The Orglnizatlon of Studnellinterelted In latin Arnerica(OSlLA) 
will pre .. nt the film "Memoriea of Underdevelopment". The lirst film 
from poSI·R~volutionary Cuba to be relase in the U.S., this piece had a 
widespread Impact perhaps un&<\ualled in the hislory of Third World cin· 
ema. 5:00·7:00 pm. DavislRiverside Room. 

TRINITY: 
Where it all began 
CantInued ........... t 
over to the mall parking lot across 
the street. ApparentJy, too many 
people arrived for them aU to fit in 
the fairgrounds' lot. We drove 
across the snet and joi!'eci the 70-
some cars that were waiting to 
leave. The smell of exhaust hUDg in 
the cool New Mexico air. The area 
was marked by several people who 
had left their cars to mill about. 

According to While Sands 
Chief of Public Afflirs Larry 
Furrow. approllimately I SO cars 
join the caravan during each open 
house. About thai many also drive 
themselves in through the Stallion 
Gate. With an average of three 
people per car. it's quite a crowd. 

After several strict warnings not 
to stop or take any pictures. the 
caravan left promptly at 8 a.m. We 
left the main road and headed down a 
back road for a while. Several miles 
later. we were on the testing range 
itself. eventually pulling into the 
Trinity Site parlcing lot. 

One of the first things we noticed 
about the site is the rather morbid 
comrnerciaJism - the catering truck 
was bad enough. not to mention the 
T-shirt and souvenir stands. 

Interestingly. the site is shaped 
like a mushroom cloud; there's a 
quarter-mile-Iong. fenced-in corridor 
to ground zero from the parking lot, 
with ground zero itself surrounded 
by an oval-shaped fence. 

Inside the oval fence, Ihe site is 
surprisingly austere. There is a row 
of historical photographs along the 
back wall. a shelter protecli ng a 

portion of the original cl'llcr. the 
casing of the Hiroshima "fit Man" 
bomb. one of Ihc footinp from the 
original 1000foot-taU towcr that 
held the bomb. and a 
commemorative obelisk. 

A plaque on the 31-year-old 
obelisk reads: "Trinity Site -
where the world's first nuclear 
device ellpioded on July 16. 1945," 

The S I.SOO-acre site includes 
ground zero. the house where the 
bomb was assembled and a base 
camp 10 miles away, The entire 
area was declared a nalional 
historic landmark in 1975. 

We went to the site out of pure 
curiosity, but many people had 
polilical or ideological beliefs 
which inspired them 10 visit. As 
could be expected. there were 
conflicting opinions about the 
bomb. Some said it ensured 
progress for science and America, 

"I think it is somelhing 
everyone should take a pilgrimage 
to." Stuart GouJieb said. "[Nuclear 
energy] has the power not only to 
ki II, but to bring great progress to 
mankind." 

Others. however. expressed 
dismay Ihat such a deslructive 
weaP09 had been invente<j - and 
ultimately used. 

"11's important to see the site, 10 
understand the horror of the awful 
weapon they created," Cheryl 
Passalaqua said. 

"It's very moving, I learned a 
lot. and I struggle with their 
decision [to develop and drop the 
bomb]." Helen Aarli said. 

Other visitors hoped to gain a 
historical perspecti ve. 

"It·s a pretty important act," 
Donna Milne said. "Being too 

The UCSD Guardian 

young to have really ellperienced 
World W. II. this kind of brings it 
closer to horne." 

"What happened here is 
probably unique. because I can't 
think of any other evcnt that 
changed the course of history like 
they did here," Roger Plrltam said. 
"Thcy changed all the rules. and 
they did it instantly." 

StiD others who made the trek 
remarted that the site serves 10 keep 
both good memories and old ghosts 
alive. 

". remember my brothers 
reading the newspapers to me," 
Michael Lord said. "When you 're 
eight years old. it's a little hard to 
comprehend ... 

Several travelers noted the 
importance of learning from the 
past to protect the future. 

"['ve been here 68 years," Betty 
Pearson said. "It's fascinating. and 
the world needs 10 know it's here. 
Hopefully. it'll never be used again. 
because there won't be humanity lefl 
afterwards." 

"It was a different lime 50 years 
ago," Jerry Millevoi said. "My 
grandfather fought in World War 11. 
and it's hard for me to pass 
judgment on something that 
happened 50 years ago. Maybe if 
we learn from our mistakes, we 
won't repeat them." 

Because the site is open only 
two days out of the year. even local 
residents can't always make the 
journey. 

"We've been here all this time. 
and we've never been down here." 
Albuquerque residents Duane and 
Norma Arlowe said. 

"It's a pri vilcge to be able to see 
the site and to think back." Duane 

PEA1URES II 

Photo by Mark 
Trfnltlte: Most of the glassy·green substance formed by the heat of 
the blast was removed In 1952. Only small fragments remain today. 

added. "I was living in Alaska 
during the war, and they were 
building machine-gun bunkers by 
Ihe cliffs where we used to hang 
ouI. They say people who don 't 
learn from history are bound 10 
make the same mistakes. but every 
generalion must find new answers 
to new problems." 

'n.. History 
The Manhattan Projecl began on 

August 2, 1939. wilh a simple two-
page leller from Alben Einstein 10 
then-President Fr.lIlklin Roosevell. 

Einslein told Roosevelt that "it may 
be possible to set up a chain nuclear 
reaction in a large mass of uranium ... 
[that) would also lead to the 
construction of bombs." 

Einstein warned R~seve1t that 
such bombs would be capable of 
mass destruction. and that the 
Germans were probably working 
on one of thei r own. He convinced 
Roosevelt that an American 
atomic-bomb project was a prudent 
response 10 the German Ihrcal. and 

See TRINITY, Page 12 

R GISTERID U DERGRADS New Patient OHer SJ9*Reg, 110 ttm' IICOVER YOUR BOD" 
SICKNESS AND ACCIDENT 

INSURANCE 
Student Premium 
Spouse 
Children 

$168.00 
$263.00 
$189.00 
(per quarter) 

ENROLLING NOW 
Information and applications are available at 

Student Health Center • 0039 • 534-2123 

1111111111I11 
WE CAfE WE CAfE CAfE CAfE CAfE CAfE CAfE CAfE CAfE CAfE CAfE 

1111111111111 
CAfE CAfE CAFE CAfE CAfE CAfE CAfE CAfE CAfE CAfE WE CAfE CAfE 

111011111111'1 CAfE WE I WE CAfE CAfE CAFE CAfE WE CAfE CAfE CAFE 
~IIIIIIIIIIII r CAFE CAfE CAfE CAfE CAfE CAfE CAfE CAfE CAfE CAfE CAfE CAfE 

OPENING SOON' 
Stay tuned 
for morel? 

Marc Bowers, DeD.Sa 
9339 Genesee Ave. 

suite 240 
551-1144 
L.....::=--=~--

• 1000lai RoutIne Cleamng 
& Complete Examination 

• Neet ary X.Rays • I Cancer Scretning 
• Penodonrai ExamInation · Coruultation 

. Of{.uxp. 5/1 3/96 

~.~~~~$199 
Off., ext, · 5/1 3196 Reg. $700 

• New pall~nn ~In , OitCnunl mly nOf ht' arpllt'J With ,ntllnnet.. 
Flnan<lnl nlll,tole (OAC) 

PROFESSIONAL 
DENTAL GROUP 

OF LA JOLLA 
Quality Care & Reasonable Fees 

OptTI Et'tl . & Saturda~llry aj>potntmmr. Mtd.Cal and molt insurance occtp<ed. 

- -Treat Yourself ... and Your Best Friend 
( non-c:anine, please) 

to the final concert in the 1996/97 Discovery Series 

Benny Kim1 violin 
Anne Epperson, piano 
Program includes works by Mozarr. 
Sain t- aens. Dvorak and er hwin 

Sunday, May S, 1996 
1:00 p.m. 
750 Nautilus Street, La Jolla 

Students under 
2'j Admitted Ffte 

III 11'11'1 rrtkl h 01 for 111111'1' II1fo"m.1I1011 (.1110111 hll' Offill ,II 4 '><.l ~ Il~ 



12 FEATIJRES 

TRINITY: 
Looking forward 
ContInued from INCe 11 
three years laIer, under the auspices 
of the War Department, the 
"Manhattan Engineer Disoict" was 
born. Brigadier General Leslie 
Groves, the U.S. Army's chief 
engineer, was put in change of the 
program. 

In 1943, Oppenheimer was 
appointed director of the Los Alamos 
laboratory in northern New Mexico, 
which the University of California 
still operates today. 

By July 1945, 4,000 people -
mostly scientists, engineers and their 
families - were living in Los 
Alamos. 11leir mis ion was to create 
an atomic bomb before the Germans, 
the Russians, the Japanese _or the . 
British. Security was air tight: A gate 
surrounded the town, which was 
located high on an isolated mesa, and 
a full background check was needed 
to cnter. 

Meanwhile, the scientists enjoyed 
every convenience: Military doctors 
catered to their every need; a closed-
circuit radio system entertained 
them; the resources of the largest and 
best industrial firms in America were 
at their complete disposal. 

The scientists developed both a 
simple uranium bomb and a more 
complex plutonium version. They 
were confident that the uranium 
bomb -would explode. but they 
decided,to test the plutonium bomb 
first. Specially shaped TNT charges 
in the plutonium bomb housing were 
supposed to compress the plutonium 
to a critical mass and start a chain 
reaction. In theory, it would work, 
but in the real world, no one knew for 
sure. 

Soldiers first arrived at Trinity 
Site in the fall of 1944. They quickly 
built up a respectable camp and took 

chlrJe of !he abIndoncd Mc:DonIId 
rardI house, two miles from ground 
zero. The ranch was abandoned in 
1942 when the AllI1IOIordo 
Bombing and Gunnery Range took 
over the land. The house, which 
would eventuafly be used to 
assemble the bomb's core, stood 
empty until Manhallan Project 
support personnel arrived in early 
1945. 

On July 12, 1945, the pluConium 
was brought to the house. Brigadier 
General Thomas Farrell. Grove ' 
deputy, asked to hold the radioactive 
metal before signing off on it. 

"I took this heavy ball in my 
hand. and [ felt it growing warm," 
Farrell said at the time. "I got a 
certain sense of its hidden power. It 
wasn't a cold piece of metal, but it 
was really a piece of metal that 
secmed to be working inside. Then 
maybe for the first time I began to 
believe some of the fantastic tales the 
seientists had told me about this 
nuclear power." 

Today. the tales of the scientists 
and their work are almost all that 
remain atlhe site. 

"The entire operation is gone." 
Mississippi native James Larsen 
said. "When you look at the 
[historical) pictures, you see 
evidence of a huge facility - how 
many miles of wire. buildings. 
laboratories, assembly areas. two 
huge towers - and it's all gone now. 
/t's almo t as if it had never 
happened, and yet the remains prove 
it really did happened. If we aren 't 
careful. it might happen again." 

Although the scientists were 
fairly confident in their creation. they 
built a 214-ton steel jug to contain 
the TNT explosion - just in case the 
plutonium failed to reach critical 
mass. Ideally. "Jumbo" would 
prevent the extremely rare and 
dangerous plutonium from being 
scattered across the countryside. As 

USED 
LEVIS 

COLORS • CUT-OFFS • FADED BLUES 

$99 BIKER JACKETS 
COSTUMES • 60's, 70's, & MORE • FUN, FUNKY, FUNTIONAl 

HAWAIIAN • MllITARVEtt V ..... 
• TUX SHIRTS 1.1ij3S'twr' J._-

COOl STUFF 
FAIRMAIRS 

4879 NEWPORT AVE., OCEAN BEACH 
L... ____ OPEN 7 DAYS • 222-0220 ____ ..c!! 

15D5 COl" V.r •• Blvd. • 517·4144 
COSTA ~~~--------
VERDE -~ IL:'"'rlll"JIi (ARWASH _:-~i: il~~ 
_11_ 

II P t i J 1 IJ IH S - 1\ l L S 0 FTC LOT H WAS H 
SHELL GASOLINE I DIESEL AT COMPETITIVE PRICES 

I 
. : PdServke $ h,99 : 
! COSTA .lxl!! ~ ~ .. : 
I VERDE ......... alNrollr. sa. I 
I CARWASIi .... .",.. "All I ~----------------- ______ I 

The UCSD OuMdian 

their confidence gKW, the sciemisIs 
decided not to use Jumbo. The 
cylinder - minus irs ends, which the 
Army blew off in 1946 - sits today 
at the entrance to ground zero_ 

At 5:29:45 a.m. on July 16, as 
Oppenheimer watched netvously 
from one of three control bunkers 
1O,lXX> yards from ground zero. "the 
gadget" exploded and changed the 
world forever in a single, blinding 
instant. 

Although the test was a success, 
Furrow noted the wony and anxiety 
which was going through the 
scientists' minds. 

"When they detonated i l, they 
didn't know what was goinr to 
happen." he said. "There were 
certain elements that said the world 
was going to end. There was really 
no consensus on what was going to 
happen." 

Press tours of the site began 
several months after the test. At first, 
the entire site was enclosed in a fence 
ringed with radiation warning signs. 
The area remained off-limits to both 
military and civilian personnel at 
White Sands. and was closed to the 
pubtic until 1953. 

In 1952. the Atomic Energy 
Commission granted a contract to 
clean up the ite. Much of the 
trinitite. the glassy-green substance 
formed when the heat of the 
explosion fused the desert sand. was 
scraped up and buried. 

Tiny fragments oftrinitite still dot 
the site. but White Sands officials 
forbid visitors from taking any home 
with them. Although the danger from 
re idual radiation is minimal, Furrow 
is quick to point out: "We aren't 
making any more of it!" 

Trinity Site lies on the grounds of 
the White Sands Missile Range. 
established a week before the 
explosion as the White Sands 
Proving Grounds - a test facility for 
new rocket Lechnology emerging 

FllEmc..Y1S 
Fr« CONu\f>lIon and ,n",.t , .. "mell(. $25 ....... 
Forst ·lI .... d .... "on\y W,th thu .d.Exr. 5/22/96 
pu.un, I ~ IYEUO"'~ 
.UEIP (~urrH lIr 
miLAm j N~;:' 
"::'1,. IO'.ULA 

1m ~ "E 

1/2 block 
from UCSD 
RtIaXl.". 

'''lASTS jJ UIDIR ••• S 
F11(11d/, , "~EWS 

Off~~xande;O;~ 
eY-!t'E C T R 0 l Y S IS 

& Skin Cart Clinic 
3Z1Z .IUI" CT. IIZI 

LA ~ILLa C ..... aTE CElTE. 
(nul to MDbol S.....",J 558-0888 

Carey 
Carmen Castillo 

,. 

.- MOIIday, AIri 29. 1996 

MlII'k Pattefson/Guardian 
Reflection: Several Trinity Site visitors inspect a historical display In 
the McDonald ranch house. where the bomb 's core was assembled. 
from World War 1I. 

"TIli used to be a secret, secret 
base," Furrow said. "A lot of people 
called it the most secret base in the 
Army. We want people to know what 
we do here, and we' re trying to 
change the secrecy." 

The White Sands Missile Range 
covers 2.2 rnillion acre . According 
to Furrow. its 7.000 civilian and 
military employees currently test 
missiles. develop instrumentation 
and examine various nuclear effects. 

As we drove back to San Diego 

following our trip into the past, I 
remembered Oppenheimer's words 
as he watched and felt the blast. The 
only thing he could think of was a 
line of Hindu seripture: "Now I have 
become death, the destroyer of 
worlds." 

We may be a generation removed, 
but we can till feel the impact today. 

The Trinity Site is open on the 
first Saturdays in April and October 
each year. For mOn! injomtlltion, 
call the While Sands Public Affairs 
Office at (505) 678· 1134. 

r--------------------, 
- 2YANsS1 i 

130 1anOa'P $25·1 
j 

• Wolff Beds • High Intensity. 8.5 & VHR Bulbs 
• Facial Tanners • Frequent Bulb Changes 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

UCSD Area Trim & Tan 3251 Holiday Ct. 415-0909: 
Pacific Beach Pt. Loma Stadium Mission Valley I 

Pacific Tan 224-9727 28\-7702 542-039\ 2280 Garnet ., ........... ...-... ........ '1 . .... """ .. """" __ ........... _ ......... I 
L 581-9060 No .... _I\oo<rinIoo._ .... __ ..... E,.,.... ~ ,_ .J 
--------------------

W.r.&~RLD •••••• 
--.--At R WAY S 

S~udents • Great May/Jane Fares 
E •• t Coat Studenta 
Fly LA - CoIogIte. s.ttIn· RotkIe,.,.y 1 .. , :l1,:I'} ~A91'J 
Fly 0eIrIand - Zurld/- ".. Yorl! (May ''',:lI,D} .",.,. 7 RT 
Fly s.ffIe·".",1cII - ".. Yorl! (June 5, 12, 1t} Fly,..... FIWIIcfw1.".. Yorl! (Jvne 7, ''',:If} 
Wat Coat Studenta 
....". F«N - Any 01 ... FIrat 3 FIIfIItta 

European Studenta 
Fly Home Cheep. Any or ... F/,., 3 FlIghts 
800-WORLD-50 

1599RT 
"99 ONE WAY 

or Call Your Local Travel Agent 

EUROPE 
ROOM FOR RENT in private townhouse near campus & 
bu •. Kitchen prlvlliges , laundry, fully furnished, TV, free 
utilities. $475.00. 4I0-Il351413-11 .... Available irnmedataly. 

Monday. April 29, 1996 The UCSD Guardian NEWS 13 

Suspended Employee Threatens $1 Million Suit FLOWERS: 
Planners want to 
avoid 'swap meet' 

receive a score based on the ele-
ments included in the RFP. ~­
dieted costs of noral arrangements 
and the ''fee or percentage of gross 
sates" thai is given to the colleges 
are the two most signi ficant factors. 
The bid will be awarded tomorrow. 

GRIEVANCE: Ray 
says answers have not 
been forthcoming 
BySuketuv ...... 

Stllfr~er 
Donald Peter Ray, an employee of 

the UCSD School ofMedicine' s glass-
wash facilities, has threaIened to file a 
$1 million grievance suit against the 
university, following an incident in 
which he claims his legal rights were 
violated. 

Ray said the university labor-rela-
tions department unjustly placed him 
on investigative leave on April 2, after 
he refused to work around the chemi-
cal compound acetone - which, he 
claims, gave him bronchitis a few 
weeks prior. 

'The treatment I've received from 
the university i like that of an un· 
touchable in a caste system," Ray 

Speech: Donald Peter Ray 
claims the university unfairly 
suspended him. 

said. 
Approximately two wceJcs ago, in 

response to his suspemioo, Ray pre-
sented fivedenwKIs to UCSD Iabor-
relations representative Laura 
Levinson: a complete apology from 
all involved in the matter, $1 million 
in rnoneIary compensation, his rein-
statementat the university, his current 
supervisor's tenninalion. transfer to 
anotherdepartmentandpennissionto 
go on a pilgrimage to Tibet. 

Ray's conflict with university of-
ficials began fi ve days prior to his 
suspension. when he was diagnosed 
with bronchitis on March 28 at the 
Scripps Clinic. Doctors said his con-
dition was most likely caused byex-
posure to harsh chemicals - in par-
ticular. acetone - with which Ray 
worked as part of his duties at the 
glass-wash facility. 

Ray aid he petitioned his supervi-
sor at the time, Mike Gafari, for an 
"approval of absence" notice. Gafari 
consented. allowing Ray to leave for 
five days. However, upon his retum. 
Ray found Gafari hadbeendi missed. 

Ray insists that the administration 
"probably fired [GafariJ because he 
cooperated with [him) and igned [his) 
absence notice." 

On April 2, the day that he re-
tumed. Ray said his new supervisor. 
Lisa Remedios. asked him to con-
tinue his work around acetone. Ray 
said he told Remedios he was unable 
to perform any Lasks involving the 
substance. but that he would perform 
any other work as directed. 

During their meeling, Remedios 
called the UCSD police because Ray 
refused to leave. Officer Michael 
Kizzee, one of three UCSD officers 

answering the call. confinned that 
this was the reason for the call. 

Ray claims Remedios felt ''threat-
ened by [his] presence" during the 
meeting. He added that he was cough-
ing and wheezing at the time, and was 
barely able to Slay on his feet. 

While Remedios was contacting 
the police and her supervisor. Ray' 
said he called UCSD's Office of En-
vironment, Health and Safety. 

After the UCSD police arrived. 
Management Services Officer Steve 
Lopez attempted to serve Ray with 
papers placing him on investigatory 
leave until the situation could be re-
solved. However. Ray refused to ac· 
ceptthe papers without his labor rep-
resentative present. 

At that point, Ray said he left the 
premises and w<!nt to Scripps Clinic 
as his conditioned worsened. 

Ray said he ha not yet been noti -
fied as to why he was placed on inves-
tigatory leave, and the uni versity so 
far has not filed any complaints agai nst 
him.UntilUCSDdoe so. Ray said he 
is prevented from filingspecificgriev-
ances against the university within 
the allotted 30 days. He said he will 
instead file a general complaint against 
the university. 

Ray said he attempted several times 
to find out why he was placed on 
investigatory leave. and thatthe UCSD 
Labor Relations employees to whom 
he talked were appalled at the treat-
ment he received from the university. 

Although Ray said Labor Rela· 
tions Specialist Belinda Hein prom-
ised to tell him why he was placed on 
investigatory leave. he said she re· 
fused to give him any answers when 
he approached her. 

CoIItInuecI from ..... 1 
with UCSD commencement cer-
emonies for 14 years, graduations 
in past years have attracted a horde 
of outside vendors hoping to cash 
in on the ceremonies. 

"What has transpired [in the past) 
is thai [commencements] have pretty 

Adams explained that an ex-
clusive nower-selling contract is 
the most cost-errecti ve way to run 
commencement ceremonies. 

" think [having open bidding) is 
a legitimate way to .do business," 

much become a 
fiasco - a swap 
meet environ-
ment, with lots of 
vendors vying 
for the audience 
out there," 
Adams said . 
"We want a dig-
nified ceremony 
without raising 
fees for the 
graduates of 

· UCSD." 
According to 

Adams. the cur-
rent average 
graduation fees 
for undergradu-. 
ates are bet ween 
$6 and $7. 

"I'm the Flower 
Lady ber ••••• I have 
been her. so man, 
,ears. [Major flower 
v.ndors] Just come 
b.r. on graduation 
because tb., know 
th.y will sell a lot. 
It's not a lot of 
money, but It 

Adams said . 
"Weare not try-
ing to exclude 
any of them. 

"[ am very 
sympathetic to 
the stnllller 
flower compa-
nies. but at the 
same time, I 
need to repre-
se nt the best 
intere IS of un-
dergraduates," 
she added. 

mak •• up for tbe 
montbs tbat ar. 

Evora said 
she cannot 
compete with 
Co mm e nce.-
ment Flowers. 
a major flower 
distributor that 

.Iow. " 

In the RFP. 

- Aurora Evora 
Long-time UCSD flower vendor 

vendors are asked to ubmit a pro-
posal, in luding information about 
the number of flower stands they 
intend to set up. cost sheets fOI floral 
selections. floral sprays for stages, 
flowers for graduates, as well as 
proof of liabi I ity and auto insurance. 

[n exchange. the university 
promises to provide "exclusi ve 
rights to the succe sful vendor." 

Proposals will be evaluated on a 
point system. in which bidders will 

is submitting a propos\l1 for the 
ceremonies. Bloomies. located in 
the Price Center, is also expected 
to submit a bid. 

"I'm the Aower Lady here .... I 
have been here so many years." 
Evora said. "[Major flower vendors] 
just come here on graduation be-
cause they know they will sell a lot." 

"It 's not a lot of money, but it 
makes up for the months that are 
slow," she added. 

UCSD Bookstore Proudly Presents Position Openings at 
Santa Cruz Operation, Inc. WEDNESDAY NIGH 

LJI 5( -) 
I \ ( )( ) ........ I ( ) I' f 

FEED YOUR ..... 1 .. 

cnever£y c:Bernstein O£evin 
~tfto(ofJ1 Author 

Mrs. OIeYln, a successful 
wrtter d rnythoIo9caI stor1es 
In several popular magazines 

and literary journals, wtll 
be talking about her 

first novel entitled 
The Breath of Juno. 

(619)534-3149. www-bookstore.ucsd.edu 
~--------------------------I Wednesday Hight 1M Coupon I 

11 0 I ~~=-~~~ 1 . 
Excludes bestsclleB and IM9DZines. 

: Series Is subject to chenge lIndIor cancellotlon. • 

~-------------------- ______ I 

s p R N G 9 9 6 
The Sente Cruz Operation is recognized worldwide as the leading supplier of 
UNIX System mUlti-user server systems (source: IDC). SCO Business Critical 
Servers run the daily operations of leading corporations such as BMW, DHL. 
Pizza Hut and the NASDAQ Stock Market. Governments worldwide use SCO 
products to run their critical operations. acceSSing and distributing information 
across local and global boundaries and networks. 
SCO is a publicly traded lS-year old company with its worldwide headquarters 
based in Santa Cruz. California (less than 2 miles from the beach) arid has 
development sites in Santa Cruz. New Jersey and the UK. 
Excellent career opportunities await talented engineers who are interested in 
contributing to SCO's continued success in the Business Critical Servers market. 

We wiU be recruiting on your campus on May 7 and 8. 
Please contct your Career Center for more information. 

FunctloneJ Areas tor Current College Recruitment Include: 
• Messaging 
• Graphical User Interface 
• System Administration 
• Distributed Computing 
• Security 
• Client/Server with MS Windows and UNtX 
• Internet/Mosaic 
• Networking 
• Software Integration 
• System Test 
• Technical Publications and Publication Tools 
• Development Systems· Compilers and Libraries 
• Visual Programming Tools and Debuggers 

Softwere Engineers are responsible for deSigning. developing. and testing 
solutions to complex software engineering problems. They will initially wort< on 
problems of moderate scope dependent on their abilities. Other tasks include 
prOviding wort< estimates and writing detailed design specs and documentation. 
The ideal candidate for each position will have a Bachelor's degree in Computer 
Science or a related field with knowledge of software engineering and the role of 
testing in the software lifecycle. Experience working in the UNIX operating 
system environment is necessary. In addition. knowledge of XlMotif, Networking 
and some familiarity with Windows. DOS, and OS/2 would be a plus. 

~N 
SeD 



14 SPORTS 

WE SPECIALIZE IN CONTACT LENSES 
• Gas-permeable hard Ie';;; • Soft lenses for astigmatism 

• Sporb lenses • U.V. lenses • CoIor.d lenses 
• TItousortds 01 len ... in stock • Emergency Service 

ONE HOUR SERVICE' 6 DAYS A WEEK 
m •• 1IT ..e ..... _ MIl COIIIAa l1li ... CUR. 

.• .-c.es 

• PIIICIIPIIONS ..... D 
• CIlAssu DUPlJCAlIO 
• Cowlm m IIAMS 
• No APPOMMINf NECUSMY 

The UCSD Guardian 

• Oliver 
Peoples 

• G'uen 

• Matsuda 

• Calvin 
Klein 

• Cartier 

• Armani 

NoW.". 

Color Reprint Special 
Sunshine Store & Revelle Sundry Sto~e 

April 22 • May 4 

3 n xSR 
COLOR 

REPRINTS 

4"x6R 
COLOR 

. REPRINTS 

glos.y or matte finish 
No Umlt! 

110 AND 3I5MII COLOR NEGATIVES ON.Y. NO BlACK I WHITE, MNORAMIC OR SliDES. REPRINT ORDERS TAKE ~5 DAYS FOR PROCESSING 

Bring your resume and cover letter to the 
UCSD Guardian office at the Old Student Center. 

.. . 

Monday, April 29, 1996 

PADS: Rejoice 
San Diego - we 
have a winner here 
ContIIIued ".. ..... 20 
not having to see Bruce: Bochy, 
Jim Riggleman Cluny other former 
manaler make a pitchinl change 
in the top of the tbinI, just to bring 
in Jeff Tabaka pr Greg Harris. 

No, this year's unmak:bed fer-
vor can be sien all around town, 
much like the CharBen' magical 
trip 10 the Super Bowl. Every news-
paper, magazine, TV station and 
radio show hu waited too long to 
let the winnin,lIIbside. It's time 
to jump on the budwaaon. This 
team is for real. 

Tho excite .... t can even be 
seen in the studs, of all places. I 
know, some of you half-hearted 
Padres fans are astin, younelves: 
"What arc standi?" 

BUI we die-hanls are well ac-
quainted with them in San Diego. 
Before this year, it meanl an an-
nounced crowd of 7,003 people 
wilh an actual crowd of about 
1,003. this accompanied by 
400,000 open seals and one big 
tarp. 

Granled, this apathy had its 
benefits: You never had to con-
lend with stadium Iraffic; you 
could just watch the game and exit 
the vacant parkin, lot. 

Also, because DO one would be 
silling anywhere nearby, you need 
not to be embarrassed about being 
a Padre fan - even in the face of 
a three-error inning by former 
catcher1>an Walters. 

I remember when the most loyal 
fan had to hide beneath his KFMB 
Tony Gwynn hat when the Padres 
lost another close one to the Mets, 
12-1. 

Now, however. the seat~ are 
packed, Ihe parking loe is full , 
there's plenly of traffic and Ihe 
Padres have yet 10 lose 10 the Mels 
(or play lhem for that matter). 

And to think. they have been 
accomplishing all this despite be-
ing short-handed. Hall-of-Famer 
Tony Gwynn missed eight games 
with a sore heel, Ricky Henderson 
and Steve Finley -the top of the 
order - have done almost noth-
ing, and nobody has hit any home 
runs . 

Still, the Padres are winning 
both the games and the respect of 
fans and opposi.g teams. ESPN 
even led off its show the other 
nighl with Padre highlights, an 
event unspoken of not too long 
ago. 

But Padre fans are not com-
pletely blinded by the winning. 
We know that the Dodgen will be 
there all year, and that the Padres 
don't have enough power to run 
away wilh any division - much 
less beat the Braves in the play-
offs. 

But the season will not be a 
total bust. At least fans can go to 
the games because they want to , 
not because there was nothing e lse 
to do. 

And at least they can enter the 
Murph expecting the Padres to win, 
as was confirmed when they beal 
Atlanta's Greg Maddux, the four-
time reigning Cy Young Award-
winner and best pitcher in base-
ball, in San Diego a few weeks 
ago. The defeat ended Maddux 's 
streak of 18 consecutive wins on 
the road. 

Hey, maybe Ihe Padres will beat 
the Dodlen by 30 ,ames - either 
way, it's a Joe beUer than the put 
decade. 

- Monday, April 29, 1996 

FOUR: Triton 
softbaIlers roll 
ContInued from INtI- 20 
behind the plate; Christine [Mann] 
plays a great third base. Basically, 
people are doing what they have to 
do." 

Senior second-baseman Adrienne 
Vasquez has gone well beyond what 
was expected of her, making the rou-
tine plays, as well JIS some oul~tand­
ing diving stops in the infield. 

"[Vasquez] has improved her 
range tremendously," Gerckens 
said. "S he has made some plays that 
have saved games." 

Led by Plancich, the team's of-
fense has started to click - to say 
the least. 

Kelsey Bennell, Heather Menzel 
and Mann all picked up two hits in 
the first game of Saturday's double-
header. Bennell also drove in two 
runs in a game that turned ou t to be 
the only of the four victories that 
was even remotely contested. 

"[Bennell] had a [great] day," 
Gerckens said of the freshman out-
fie lder. 

Bennell came up big in the sec-

TEST: Triton 
women's crews row 
in final tune-up 
Continued from page 20 
SDSU and Loyola. 

But, during warm-ups, theState 
crew apparent ly broke off its guid-
ing fin in the shallow waters of 
Bolona. 

Unbeknownst 10 Ihe Aztec , 
however, the mi shap was not di s-
covered until the race began, and 
the SDSU squad, unable 10 steer, 
promptly rammed into the Cardi-
nal crew. Race officials dctermi ned 
that the mishap, usually cause for 
Ihe elimination of the offending 
crew, would be excused. Slate was 
allowed to put another hull in the 
water to begin the race. 

When all four crews finally 
reached the finis~ line safely, the 
Tritons had rowed to second, just 
be hind Stanford and ahead of 
SDSU, which had beaten UCSD 
the previous week. 

The win over the Aztecs was 
satisfying, but it left Vallerga won-
dering whether the victory was a 
result of SDSU' s forc~d change of 
boats. The grand final, however, 
answered the coach's questions, 
as his team earned third behind 
Sianford and USC, wei! ahead of 
OCC. 

"II was our first win over DCC, • 
and it was by such a [large] margin 
that I think we would have beaten 
State," Vallerga said. "We're get-
ting back our consistency." 

In the novice B category , UCSD 
finished a disappointing fourth 
place among only four boats, de-
spite taking on a slightly cocksure 
altitude. 

"[The novice B team] says , 
'Hey, we can't beat our A boat, but 
we can take it out on you guys,'" 
Vallerga said. "Considering the 
last four weeks of [hard] training, 
I was pleased with ourperfonnance 
[as a team]. " 
. "I think we have a few wrinkles 
that our opponents won't be ex-
pecting which will upgrade the 
novice boats for PCRCs," Vallerga 
added. 

The Tritons will take next week-
end off to rest from their arduous 
training schedule in an effort to 
peak for the PCRCs. 

The UCSD Guardian 

Matt< Patterson/Gullllllan 

In there: UCSO's Sara Snyder slides safely past the Whittier tag. 

and inning, knocking in Vasquez 
with a two-out si ngle for the Tri-
tons' third run. 

After the Bulldogs barked back, 
tying the score with a run in the third 
and adding two more in the top of 
the fourth, UCSDansweredquickly, 

with Bennell continuing her timely 
hitting. This time, the freshman out-
fielder drove in first-baseman Shan-
non Reider from econd with two 
outs, pushing the Triton lead back 
up to two runs, 5-3. 

UCSD then put the game out of 

DR. NEVILLE COHEN, 0, 
CIDsest Optometrist tD UCSD 
DKNY, Polo & m,ny mort, ,11 at discount prices! 

Eye Exam 
For glasses $2 9 W.h thIS ad 

EyeGlasses 
Includes quali1y looses and 
Ira,"", Largo nIecIJon SIIlg/e 

~~'~a:~ $39 10200 cyI 
Wllh thIS ad 

D AILY WEAH 

....---..-----.$69 
$99 

Brown eye. 10 blue , $16'9 hazel. grean or grey JJ 
4150 REGENT PARK Row TE. 160 

LA J OLLA All conl8Clo poc:bpe Include: : =E,::~;~~ .Itho 4N'''5to B"Olimore 118
9
'" ,n

4
d B'nO' JerryO) 

- Hyperopic Altlgmellc LenNI HlgI\ef. • 
• Bring"'. 

Wednesday Nigblis llCSD NIGHT $1 BIERS 8:30 TO ClOSE 
fREE POOL TABU IN 00It aACX ROOM 

AnlNTION All 
UeSD STUDENTS: 

male ... JoLU a ...... Co 
Jour faro rile /Jub for • 
baodcrafled bttr and 

good food! 

reach one inning later_ The, Tritons 
pounded out four hits and scored 
three more runs in the fifth tocap the 
scoring at g-3. 

The second game turned into a 
stomping ground for UCSD. The 
Tritons scored at least one run in 
each of the first four innings, and 
QIIO scattered fi ve hits over seven 
innings and allowed just one first-
inning run. 

"Mary Jane pitched a grcat 
game," Gerckens aid , "She didn' t 
walk anyone until the last inning. I 
could tell that she was upset with 
hcrself [thaI she walked someone I." 

Before their impressive showing 
thi weekend, the Tritons man-
handled the Whittier Poets on Thurs-
day evening. Both games of the 
d ubledip were called in the fifth 
inning due to the I O-run mercy rule. 

In the opener, Sarah Bums held 
the poets to one run on only one hil 
overthe five-inning, complete-game 
victory. 

Reider and Meli ssa Aguilar 
paced the Tritons with two hits 
apiece, with Aguilarpickingupthrce 
RBI, and Reider knocking in two of 
her Triton teammate . 

Otto scanercd three hilS through 

SPORTS 15 

five innings in the second game, as the 
Poets again managed only one run 
against the stingy Triton defense. 

Snyder headlined the perfor-
mances at the plate against Whittier, 
as he went three for six over the 
two games, highlighted by her two 
hits and two RBI in the nightcap. 

What makes the recent victories 
even more impressive is that the 
Tri tons have been winning without 
the services of junior shortstop Missy 
Belmer. Aguilar has repla ced 
Belmer, who broke a finger in prac-
tice last week and may miss the 
remainder of the season, 

"I hale to lose a player like Missy 
because she's such a great athlete," 
Gerckens said. "But [ think that 
Melissa has filled in nicely.". 

While il is po sible that Belmer 
eould play thi s week, Aguilar, who 
has spent time at every position ex-
cept piteherfonhe Triton this year, 
most likely will continue to plug up 
the hole at shortstop. 

The Tritons will host another 
doubleheader against Point Loma 
tomorrow at the Triton Softball 
Field. This is make-up of an earlier 
season ra in out and will start at 2 
p.m. 

There's more 
than one way 

to get"into a Kinko's. 
If you've got a computer you can get to Kinko's. 
Because Kinkonet™ lets you send 
documents electronically to 

Kinko's, whether you're at the office or at 
the airport. We'U electronically distribute your 
document and print it at the Kinko's nearest its final 
destination. That can save big on time and shipping costs. 
Every day over 200,000 businesses use Kinko's. To find out 
more, visit our web site at httpJ/www.kinkos.com or call 
l -BOO-2-KlNKOS. ' 

8849Villa La lolla 

kinko~· 457°:337 7tS 
Your branch office IS San Diego Locations to Serve You 

m' Open 24 hours, 7 days a week. 

Brin, this coupon IntO Klnko'l In La Jolla IIId 
receive free Klnlconet no soflwart. Coupon must 
b4 presented It time of purchase and il not YIIId 
with other olin. Offw IllimIud tQ one ~ 
per CUIUImtr. \'Wid It Klnko·1 La joIa only" No 
cash val ... 0fIw ecpIres June 10, 1996. 

... 



16 Cl.ASSIfJEDS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 

n..1UARDIAN 

cwiiirED 
DISPLAY 

ADVERTISEMENTS. 
Announce JOUr ewnts, 
.. ertIM your busInea 

or ..... I Personell 

SIZES:* 
1 col. x2" $17.10 
1x3 $28.25 
1x4 $35 ' 
1x& $43.75 

*OtIMtr.1zes avallible. 
Come by the Guarclan 
offtce In the Student 

Center A or call 
534-3488 for more Info. 

Clubs, organizations, & Greeks· 
Increase membership, PR, and 

awareness in the Guardian 
announcements. (6/6) 
The programs Abroad Office is proud 
to announce 2 new EAP Programs for 
1996-97. A I -year South Africa 
Program(deadline· May 10) & a 
semester Hong Kong 
Program(deadline- May 1) . 
Scholarship$ & Financial Aid available! 
Intemational Center, 534-1123. (4129) 
Interested in studying in Australia, New 
Zealand, or Latin America for 1996-
977 Come to the Programs Abroad 
Office for applications. Financial Aid 
and Scholarships available! Deadline 
is May to. International Center, 534-
1123. 4fl9) 
Recruiting students with time and 
passionate commitment towards an 
eslablishment of a new student 
organization starting Fall '96. lor 
information, contact Tam, 538·5973. 
(4122-4129) 
Last Vendor Fair this yearlll May 6-1 0, 
1996,9am-5pm,UbraryWalk. Shoes, 
clothes, framed art, candes, incense 
and much more. all at discounted prices! 
For more info . call 534·0501 . 
S~ed by Student Organizations 
& Leadership Opportunities(SOlO). (41 
22-5/9) 

EMPLOYMENT 
Summer Jobs" Painting, SS·$lM1r. or 
more: No experience necessary. 
ChanCe lor promotion. Call Thomas 

London ................. 652 

Pari . .. .... ................ 763 

M.drid .. ... ............ 800 

Frankfurt ..... ......... 812 

Copenhaqen ...... . . 903 

Rome .. .... .. .. ... .. ... ... 940 

Athen .......... .. ...... 1041 

All r-... ,., ro"n","p Ton "01 
I~. Some rftII1t1tons ."ply. 

The UCSD 0uMIiIn 

CLASSIFIEDS 
Claulflad Une 

Ad Rates 
-.......:.,., ...... 

P8aIIIr ....... ,., ...... 
All oIwa: .. ,. .... 

The UCSD BIMIdM reMIII. ... right to c:IMIIty. ecII, ..... oIIenIive WOf'Ct. end 
pIn-. MCVorreIuM any end .. IIdvertIMmenII wItIOUIprior noIIblian. The MIl.,..., 
will not hold the Ouen1len liable for eny clUne reMIIIlng from ... pullflcelion 01 IN 
edoer1ieelMnt. The pubIII/IIr ... eIeo no' be held ~ lor any cIIIIm !rom ~ agr_' mede ~ the adIIertiMr and the __ . 

AIMnce .-yment II rwqund. 

Classified Display 
.Ad Rates 

Copy IhouIc:t be reviewed by the adYe<1I_ lor errors. In order III lie corrected In ... nat 
regulw ......... _ must be reported by the COff-.poldlg dMdIIne. Cr_ wtI 0I'if 
be gillen lor the Incorrect porion of IN.dver1IumMIt. TheN .. no Nlundlior ~tIona. 
............ IIIf." .. 'I .... _ ......... C ....... III: 
ucao GuenIIM, Ann: C .......... HOO G'- DIM 1011 •• LII ...... CA 12081-
Actu8IIocMIon: StucIMt c.w A. RooIII217. 

for details. H 642~580. B .94-2262. 
(4129) 
Wanted- Recent/upcoming graduates 
to devote 12 monh working with high 
risk youth in San Diego. long hours! 
team approach. Bachelor's degree in 
any discipline encouraged to apply. 
Yearly salary of $17.500 plus benefits. 
A one year experience you'. remember 
yourwholelife. (619)530-259Oforinfo. 
(4129-519) 
Childcare needed. Part·time hours. 
long term including summer. Must 
have experience. C.P.A. preferred. 
Call Rhonda •• 81·3727. (.n9) 
Held Want.ed: Student who will be here 
during summer. next year. gardening 
small patio, off Gilman, 4 hours weekly. 
$8.00Ihr. 450-9039 (4129) 
Summer Camp Counselors, unit 
leaders, specialists: Sports. Theater, 
Science, Art. Camp Jaycee. 457-0398. 
4126 Executive Drive, La Jolla. 92037. 
(4/29-5/13"J..) _____ _ 
Day Camps serving Conejo & San 
Fernando Valleys. Simi. Camarillo & 
Malibu seek lun. caring counselors & 
special instructors for nature. gym. 
horseback riding. fishinglboating, 
crafts. swimming, song leading, sports, 
ropes course & more. Now interviewing, 
818-865-6263. (4fl5-5I6) 
Interested In earning money and 
gaining job experience at a law office? 
local firm has entry levef openings. 
Call 687·7651 for more details. (4/25-
516) 
Part time Nanny needed evenings & 
weekends. No smoking, drinking, or 
drugs. Encinitas. Fax resume 633-
3128. Phone 943·n55. (4fl5-4129) 
Finder's Fee: $100.00 cash. leading 
to the purchase of an~ used car. Call 
991-5505 or 925-8514. Cars By The 
Sea. ( 4125-SlI6) 
Part-time or Fun-time clerk. Florist 
near campus. Permanent position. 
Some day, evenings and weekends. 
455- t600 (04125-5113) . 

y.' ....... ... 
GREEN 

.... __ .. ',. ... 
au_dian AdvertIsl~ 534-~ 

Applications 

OrlYenl can eam 
up to $ 12/11r., 

mus' be 18. wi1I1 
valid drivefs 

liCense. Insured 
vehicle. good 
drtving.record. 
Call or stop 
by our 

La Jolla 
. (452-8273) 

or Del Mar (794-2929) stores 
EOE 

8ecome ,I pMt 01 the world 5 
I,nye"t pilla [Ielt~erv company! 

Alaska Summer Jobs· Fishing Industry. 
Earn to $3.000-$6.000+/month + 
benefits. MaleJfernaie. No experience 
necessary. (206)971·3510ext.A59763 
(4122-616) ______ _ 
BabYSitter wanted lor one- & three· 
year old for occasional weekends! 
evenings. $6/hour. References 
required. Call625-8350! (4122-4/29) 
Intem Wanted- Real Estate Consulting 
Firm developing 3,400 home 
community. Seeking responsible, 
tenacious. motivated individual. 
Compen.ation & great exposure. 
Proficient in WP6.0. Lotus 1·2·3. Send 
resume to: Intem Position, 380 Stevens 
Avenue. Suite 307, Solana Beach. CA 
92075; Fax (619)793-8070. (4fl2·512) 
Fresh Blend Smoothie & Juice Bar 
needs energetic individuals to make 
smoothies and juices! Inclntive 
programs & magi. training offered. 
Applications available at 8895 Towne 
Centre Dr. " OOA. (4122-512) 
Free list of cruise lines. luxury resorts 
and adventure camps. Great Summer 
Jobs. 1·1IO().750-6608 (4/18-4129) 
Student Wort<s Summer Jobs across 

"'75 per 001_ Inch 
DMdIInM: 

__ ......,_ UnlAill 

Southern California. Outdoor sumner 
work,~.orcommissionedbased 
.ales position. available. Call 
(800)394-6000. (4118-6/6) 
Travel Abroad and Work· Make up to 
$25·$45/hr. teaching basic 
conversational English in Japan, 
Taiwan, or S. Korea. No teaching 
background or Asian languages 
required. For information, call 
(206)971,3570 ext. J59763. (4/15-51 
23) 
Teach English in Eastern Europe-
Conversational English teachers 
needed in Prage, Budapes~ or Krakow. 
No teaching certificate or European 
languages required. Inexpensive room 
& board. other benefits. For info .• call 
(206)971-3680 ext. K59763 (4/15-51 
23) 
$Cruise Ships Hiring! Students needed! 
$S$ + 'ree travel(Caribbean, Europe, 
Hawaii!) Seasonal/permanent. no 
exper. necessary. Gde.919-929-4398 
ext. C 1109 (4111·5113) 

.. Asian Female Models- Shampoo 
companies(like Sebastian) need Asian 
female models for upcoming hair-
shows! demo-makeup sessions. All 
heights ok! Beginners ok! Top pay! 
Call free (800)959-9301 (24 hrs.). (41 
11 -5130) 
Babysiner needed. 15-20 hrs.lweek. 
Two afternoon. Sunday. Must drive; 
references. Rancho Santa Fe. Call 
Ann. 756-5999. (4/11·4/29) 
Articulate, enthusiastic students wanted 
to help raise funds lor UCSD. S6A1r . • 
bonus. Contact UCSD Telephone 
Outreach Program. 535-1433. (4/8-51 
5) 
The Guardian is looking for 2-3 
Advertising Sales representatives. 
Must have good communication skills 
& reliable transpOrtation. Previous 
sales experience is helfpful. Flexible 
hours, 9%- t4". commission •. great 
resume experience. Open until filled. 
Must be able to wort< through Spring 
1997. eal Ann at 534-3467 or stop by 
Student Center A, room 217 for an 
application. (4/1-616) 
Wanted: 10 students to validate a 
concept that could put approximately 
$1,200 a month in their college fut»-

, 

BOOK NOW 
FOR YOUR 

SUMMER VACATION! 
NEW You $149* 
CHICA~ $164* 
PARIS $229* 
LONDON $264* 
FRANKfURT $269* 
AMSTERDAM $270* 
HONG KONG $339* 
SYDNEY $434* 

~=~-~ 
YOUR 0N-CAMPus TRA¥£l EXPEm 

IN THE UCSD PRIcE CEN1U (Aa05SflOM _ ~lCIIQ 

452-0630 
ttou. M-f '9-5, W'IQ-5 ....., 5'10-2 

~ ... 

. , . 

MoDdIy, April 29, 1996 

275-5324. (411-4n9) 
Earn ~ , gIin VIIuIbIe 
buaineM .xperience I6Ig yeIow 
pIIgII ~ In your l.WvMIIy'. 
0IIIciaI C8fI1IU8 T 1IIeIlhOI" DirecIDry 
till SUMMER. Excellent IIIMriIir9 
s.l.a/Public ReI.tion. RESUME 
BOOSTER. cal College DirecIoIy 
Publishing: 800-<t88-2221 ext.230 (31 
4-512) 
$1750 weekly poaibIe mailing ow 
cirruars. No uperience required. 

~ now. For info, c.II 301-306-
1207. (1125-9125) 
Fast flmraiser· Raile $500 in 5 days-
Greek., . groups, clubs, motivated 
indviduals. Fast, easy. no financial 
obligation. (800)862·1982 EXT. 33 (11 
16-Sl16) 

ROOMMATES 
UCSD Student(male) looking for 
potential roommaleslapal1men1 mates 
for next year to live off campus. If 
interested, please call Houman, 642-
0503. (4129) 
large 3-bedroom condo, share with 2 
females. close to campus. available 
immediately, $370 + utilities. Paige. 
558-2259, females only. (4129-516) 
Walk to UCSD. Master bedroom in 
lully furnished condo in Woodtands 
North. Pool, spa. luxurious. Available 
September. $400'month. Red, 457· 
5535. (4/29-Sl2) 
P .8.·Mt. Soledad. Roommate needed 
to share nice home(graduate student 
preferred) with three girls. Need 
someone who is fun, outgoing, but yet 
responsible. Please respond ASAP. 
Avail. 5/1/96. Rent $325.00 • Dep. 
490-1300 (4129) 
Room for rent. 2 br., la Jolla Colony 
condo near UCSD, private bath., pool. 
non-smoker. $400'month. Ron. 457· 
5806. (4129-512) 
Female: To share large 3 bdrmJ2 ba. 
condo wlquiet student. Five minutes 
Irom UCSD. Two bdrms. available. 
$3OOor$350, ll3uti1 .• deposit. Garage. 
cable, SecUi ity, no smoke, drugs, pets. 
457-3573 ( I ..=2.:..<9)'--____ _ 
One or two 'male students to rent one 
large bedr. }m and bath. $375, or 
share for $ 77 . share util. Across the 
street from UTC, amenities. Quiet. 
friendly,no ;moking. lstandlastmoJ 
rent. Avail. June 1 sf. Chrissy, 458· 
5902. (4fl9-5I13) 
M grad student seeks own 
room(unfumished) in house walking 
dist. to UCSD. I prefer the upper la 
Jolla Shores Dr. area. I don't smoke or 
use drugs. I am clean. considerate, 
and $ secure. Can start anytime before 
June 5. Call 558-4694. (4129-516) 
looking for females to share quiet 3-
bd. condo. large master wlbath, 
balcciiy{$420) + s:ng:o, share 
bath.($330) • 113 utilities. WID. pool. 
bike to campus. Available summer 

. andlor next school year. Cari, 587· 
4709. (4129-512) 
Del Mar, East. Two sunny rooms 
avialable in spacious 3 bedroom. 2 112 
bath condO. Deck. fireplace. BBQ. 
wash, dry, tennis, pool, garage. Near 

r--------, I HAIR I 
DESIGN 

I ONN7 DAYS I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I urc IAawa n1lllUrs) I 
I 0.1 .............. tfItxt to Wherehouse) I CllLUJI_ ..... Nut to Vons I TllllII"',Mttwy 52 • santo) I 
I ........... (8eIDw MIlle c.ue.-·S) ......., ..... I. Main EnCrence) I 
I WAU(.M MI.CCMEI I 
L Mutl "."nt .ev, ... . la,. 5/lJ/IIB .J 
--------

Maeday, April 29, 1996 

Share .unny, quiet, two-bedroom 
apnnent in Pacilc BNch will non-
smoIdng ferMIe pjuate student. 2 
bIocb 10 Miaion Bay with partcing, WI 
D. $3OCIMIonIh + 112 utiIIIea. C811273-
0251. (4I22::412e) 
2 100IIII avalllble. Kitchen, lall1dry, 
aharebllh. l.argehouM. 'Nosmoldng, 
no drugs. $350. Shant utilities. leave 
rMagII, Jeanie, 895-3158. (4122·512) 
Room for rent in S. Mesa. Upstairs, 
baIcony,light! Must see! $321/mo. + 
elec. C,II Chad. 677·0607, 
charr/sOweber.UCId.edu (411 a-.I29) 
Walk to UCSD. Master bedroom. 
$480($540 for 2) in great 
condo(Cambridge) across 'from 
FridaysIRalph's. Student household. 
John, 62+1660. (4118-5120) 
University City. large bedroom 
available, ASAP, $300 month, male or 
female to take over leave until end of 
August, subletting possible. $160 
deposit, 114 utilities, call Yvonne or 
Matt at 535-1986. (4115-4/29) 
University City- Big beautiful house 
with maid • garmer, furnished. Big 
sunroorn wr,acuzzi. Three bedrooms 
available, 2 masters. 1 bedroom. share 
bath. wlfemale. $415 + $465. 453-
0601 (4/15-519) 

FOR RENT 

Nd tlrnt h./XL-apt? 2-BR, 
2Ba, AC, Indry, Xlnt loc.? 

Nd hlp w/abOlev? 
GUARDIAN Cla_lfled 

Dlapl., Ada 

Half off first month! Spacious one· 
bedroom, walk UCSD, Trader Joe·s. 
Balcony. pooI,jacuzzi, covered parking. 
$740/month. Andrew. 552-0979. (41 
29-Sl2) 
Summer Rental. 3 bdr .. 2.5 bath condo 
for rent. $11501month. Call 554-0953 
or 558-7909. (4/25-516) 
Start early lor best locations. sizes, 
and rents! Now leasing condo's and 
houses·2.3.4,5-Hibedroorns. Coming 
available from now through September. 
lord Realty, 453-0601 . (4115-616) 
For Rent: UTC/La Jotta Colony 
Townhomes. 3·bedroom. 2.5-bath, 
$1360. 4-bedroom, 2-bath, $1595. 
washerldryer, refrigerator. Near:Vons. 
Costa Verde, UTC. Quiet. Available 
J I, .54-&462. 4111·5113 
3 bedroom condo nearUCSD available 
June or SepIember. Washer, dryer, 
pool, $ 1140/month, maximum 4 
occupants. Contact Nina, 792-0463. 
(4111·Sl6) 

FOR SALE 
3 bedroomloM1house for sale by owner 
inlaJollaMTCarea. Walking to UCSO. 

$141,000. Dap, 552-t585 113825, 
lMIilllll· M4-3572. (4I2t) 

Let 10 " 1IIIItW ....... II iliff 
011l0III111., ..... 

.. AllDlANc .......... 
DI...--Ade 

Waterbed mattress. l·year-old. great 
condition • extras(soIIner, patches. 
etc.), $20 080. Adam. 622-1439. (41 
29-512) 
Laptop w/l;'rinter: 18M~1one 286 wlHP 
500 DeskJet. Comes with banery. 
mouse, manuals. cords, carrying case. 
$500. 632·1051 (4fl9-512) 
Soloflex Weight Machine, good 
condition, includes attachments. 
$175.00 OBO. Ask for Man. (619)274-
4316. (4129) 
'88 Acura Integra. 5-speed, NC. sunroof. 
good condition. runs great. $4500 OBO. 
Alex. 692·1090. (4129,516) 
Electric Guitar for sale. Red and black 
Yama/:1a. Excellent condition. must 
sell. Call Wayne at 558-6703. $150. 
(4/29-5/13) 
Mac /I si computer. 5180, 14' ·ooor 
monitor. ext. keyboard; includes MS 
Word 6.1, Excel 6.0. Quicken, Mac 
envelope and more. Also incl. :HP 
DeskJet Printer. $'10001080. 535-
1769 (4/29·519) 
1971 VW Superbeette, 1' .000mi rebuilt 
engine. great uphol., new bat. red, 
excellent condition. Rimsgreat. $20001 
OBO. 535-1769 (4/29-5/9) 
Kaplan and Hyperleaming complete 
homestudy materials for MeAT and 
OAT. Prepare yourself, save bundles! 
268·9360, Mike . (4122-512) 
1988 Sprint, blue. 5 spd., nu paint, 
good condition, smogged. tags thru ' 
March '97. great mpg. economical! Best 
offer. 683-3010. (4122-4/25) 
Macintosh II si-3 yrs. old. Colormonitor, 
keyboard, modemn. Stylewriter II 
printer. Whole package. $950 o.b.o. 
leave message, 970·7022. (4122-41 
29) 
Charming 2 bdrm. hoine for sale. 
University Heights. HUGE kitchen. 
hardwood ftoors, garage. New roof. 
carpet. 132K by owner. Joell, 295· 
3759. (4111-516) 

VV ANT E D 
ACTORS: Casting call for student film. 
Male & fannales leads· look mid-20's, 
OPEN CAll. shoot dates. May 3·5. 
Call Coreen 270·8013. 
cmilsteinOucsd.edu (4129) 
Volunteers lor Psychological and 
Counseling Services Peer 
Counseling(Alcohol & Substance 
Abuse); Gay, lesbian & Bisexual; 
Recovering from eating disorders; 
Women's Peer Prqgrams. Help fellow 
students and receive training and 

Let me tell you where I 
, 

found good bargains, 
pal ••• today's Guardian! 

Gia's Italian Restaurant World Airways 
$I ... ~ ................. p. • M" lIT TO IUROPI .............. ,.12 
Klnko's Fairmalrs 
.... ...o.T _ ................. p. 11 I" IIKII IACKITI ............... , . 12 
La Jolla BIewtng Companv Trim & Tan 
U .... _____ ............... ,.11 121 FOR 10 TAN DAY •.••••• _ •••• ,. 12 

SuO!lhine &. RtMllle Sundry La Jolla CI1an)ber MUSic Society 
lit COLOIt auawm ...... _ ,.1.4 fBI cotICIIIT __ ••• _ •• _ ••• ,. U . 
TC¥Jt8 UCSD Bookstore 
_ -.rcai ... A1I .... -_. Po 7 10% OfF _AI. IOOU _._ ,. U 

The UCSD GuanIiIn 

upeliIIlCe. Pldcup~"1003 
GaInIII HIlI lI.gil illg4l29. (4129-51 
20) 
Wented: Hondu. Nisaana, Toyotas. 
under$8,OOO. Cuhpaid. CIIIByThe 
Sea, 991·5505 or 925-851 •. (4fl5-SI 
16) 
Smokers, ages 18-35, needed for EEG 
I1udy at Saipps. Subjects paid $20 for 
3 easy hours. Dr. Aaron lan, 554· 
8442. (04125-&6) 

• (310) 82N7821orrn6reinlormelion. 
(4/1.f16) 
MaIeI .-oCt IemaIeI paid $30.00 for 
interview. If you are Jap.n •••• 
ChInese, or Korean deecenI, call VA, 
552-8585 x2182. (4/1-616) 

SERVICES 

CL\SSlFIFDS 17 

caring enviIOiment, to help you dell 
with p.r.onal, f.mily '.chool 
prellure., rel.tionship illue., 
depression, loll, 1IUciety, ~, 
self-esteem. motivation, career issues 
and other. L.uri Kolt, Ph.D., 
P.ychoIogi8t. La .lola, 452·7600. (4/ 
29) 
EPISCOPAL STUDENT 
ASSOCIATION Eucharist, Weds. S-6 
pm, Intern.tionaI Center. Free dinner. 
discussion. follows. Students,lacuIty. 
staff welcome. 534-2537 (4/22-616) Wanted: VoU1teersfor Psychological and Counseling Services Peer 

Counseling(AIcohoI & Substance Abuse; 
Gay. lesbian & Bisexual; Recovering 
Irom Eating Disorders; Women's Peer) 
Programs. Help fellow students and 
receive training and experience. Pick up 
application at 1003 Galbraith Hall 
beginning 4129. (4122-5120) 

Europe, $269. Be a little flexible and 
SAVE $$S. We'll help you beat the 
airline prices. Destinations worldwide. .. 

****** * Calendar Models * 
* 

Attractive and athletic females 
needed for our upcoming 1997 * 
Calendar that we produce here 

* in San Diego and sell and * 
distribute in all 50 states and 

* world-wide. No previoul * 
modeling experience fs 

* neee ... ryl If you are reliable, * 
confident about your looks and 

* look good in swim wear cIIi * 
Sudden tmpact .t 571-8625. 

********* 
Want to make money while you are out 
of town this summer? Rent your house. 
apartment. orpart thereof to responsible 
law students who will be clerking at 
Seltzer Caplan Wilkins & McMahon in 
San Diego from June 3-August 16. 
1996. pteasecall . 685·3116forfurther 
inlormation. (4/8-512) 
EGG DONORS NEEDED. If you are: 
-a healthy female -befween 18-32 yrs. 
old -have healfl ins.. Compensation 
of $2500.00. Please call Mirna Navas 

Do you really dig weeds? 
Find someone who needs. 
GUARDIAN Cr ... lfled 

Displ.y Ads 

La Jolla Barber Shop. Qual ity 
barbering. Haircuts, $10. 7760 Fay 
Ave. la Jolla Ste. F. 459-5792. Hrs.: 
Tues-Fri . 8:30·3, Sat, 8-3. closed Sun! 
Mon. (4/29) 
Sensual Touch Therapy· learn to 
enhance intimacy through this unique, 
lighttouch experience. Suzanne Miller. 
MA. 667·2011 (4/29) 
Word Processing: manuscripts. 
dissertations, books. business . 
resumes, mail merge, editing . 
Accurate/fast/confidential. Mary Ann, 
452·9439. (4129·616) 
Psychotherapy: Ifldividuals and 
couples therapy. in a supportive and 

AIRHITCH. 800·397-1098. 
airhitchOnetcom.com (~4-6i6) 
Scholarship locators: We will locate 
sources 01 free money for you. 
GUARANTEED RESULTS. Free 
information. 1-800-25Q-8587. (2126-41 
29) 
Travel-Best fares·Wortd-Wlde. Call 
now· save $$$. Mon.·Fri. 5:30-
9:30pm, Sat. 9:00-noon. 546·7831 
(1/18-616) 

PERSONALS 
The last words of Mr. Despondency 
were, Farewell hyphen, welcome A. (41 
29) 
The Unabomber has now become just 
pop culture subject matter lor a series 
of skits and jokes qn TV. Maybe 
Scorsese's King of ~ was a 
documenta . 4fl9 
Soon only the rich will be able to afford 
gas .. . and the Stuart Collection will be 
very interested in all those parked cars. 
(4/29). 
I got Onassis's golf dubs in a relative 
steal for 25 bucks (4/29) 

. · 1tAW~ Master Mechanics 
Volkswagen. Aucli 

DocIge • Plymouth • Chrysler 
FaMily Ounoed.s. Operalell - SutJhig Sail Diego .. llIce 1981 

IIMIIriVallS are ONrspecialtyll =~=rHr,~~ 
. "'" them about til> 

rrtoey_~~"" ... 
alku.l'or __ 

Student J Faculty & Staff 
shuttle service av.ailable to campus 

10% Discount with Current ID 
visa - me . amex -disc~ - '*" 

5820 al!JTOPORT Mall 450-9494 

" ~pply to be the next 

• 
·It.\. 

o 
editlr 

Submit a resume and cover letter to 
Scott Paden at the Guardian offices 

(above the Old Student Center). 
Due Friday, May 3. 

-

~ . 

.... 



/ ... 

18 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian MoDday, Apnl29. 1996 

Oaks Thrn Ax on Tritons, Win Three of Three 
nMBER: Menlo was a rather unfriendly host to the Tritons as they swept all three games of a weekend series against UCSD 
B'SNnR .... mI 
Associate Sports Editor 

There's an o ld saying in ba e-
ball- whichever team scores first 
is likely to notch the victory. 

So when the 
UCSD ba eballteam 
took its yearly road 
trip up the coast to 
Menlo College lasl 
weekend , the 
hard bailers from La 
10lla tried to score 
first and put pressure 

on the home team. 
The Tritons accompli~hed thi s 

t1sk in each of the three games at 
Atherton but failed to live up to 
the cliche, dropping all three con-
tests . 

On Saturday. the Oaks took 
both games of the doubleheader. 
10-6 and 4-2. Menlo's Ryan Carey 
(6-4) and Cody Shee Iy (1-6) each 
pitched complete games t take 
the double-dip. 

run on four hits. 
On Sunday, the Oaks used a 

five-run seventh inning to rally 
from a 4-3 deficit. As a result of 
the weekend's even ts, UCSD fell 
to 15-21 -1 ,whileMenlo improved 
to 15-20. 

In Saturday'S opener UCSD 
jumped oul to an early lead, scor-
ing Ihree runs in the topofthe first 
inning. Menlo came right back. 
however, chasing starter David 
Mullin out of the game by scoring 
one, three. two and four runs re-
spectively in the first four innings 
of the game . 

The Tritons racked up 10 hits 
on the day - one less than Menlo 
- but the Oaks fini shed with 10 
runs, compared to UCSO' six. 
De signated hitter Craig Birk 
nexed some muscle for UCSD 
once again, cranking hi J 2th and 
13th horne runs of the year, while 
outfie lders David Myers and Ja-
son Aguilarcollected two hits each Yakov Zolotore./Gu8rc!ian 

Game Three at a Glance ••• 
to round out the of-
fense. Bobbling: Tony Lin (left) and the Tritons could not keep pace with Menlo ... dropping three games. 

TritON 
Menlo 

In the nightcap. 
o 1 0 1 1 1 0 0 0 4 10 2 the Triton s again 
o 1 0 0 0 2 5 1 0 9 12 0 scored first with a 

single runs in the late innings. but 
Menlo relievers held on for the 
victory, 4-2. 

ever, as Menlo scored two and 
five runs in the next two innings. 
Right when it seemed as though 
the visilOrs from San Diego would 
put another run on the board and 
put some distance between them-
selves and the Oaks, Menlo came 
right back with some offense of 
their own . 

nent ( 10 versus 12), but it could 
only muster four runs compared 
to the Oaks' nine. 

W: Will Boyle (H»), 3. IP, 4 hits. 0 ER 
L: John Titchen (3-3) 

lone run in the top of 
the fir t. but Menlo 
fought back once B1rk, C. 4-5. 4 singles 

Sheesly picked up hi s first vic-
tory 'of the srason. pitching nine 
strong innings, striking out seven 
Tritons and giving up one earned 

more. 

The Oaks took the wind out of 
UCSD'ssails by regaining the lead 
by scori ng two ru ns in Lhe bottom 
of the inning. Both teams traded 

Loo!(ing to rebound from 
Saturday's disappointing losses. 
UCS D grabbed a 4-1 lead in the 
top of the sixth inning. Senior 
right -handed hurler Marc Abrams 
pitched well , keeping his team in 
the game through ix inning. Once again. UCSD collected 

almost as many hits as its oppo-

The Tritons finish their 1996 
campaign at the La Verne Tourna-
ment next weekend, where the 
team hopes to end the season on a 
high note against such learns as 
Chapman, La Verne. Pomona-
Pitzer and the University of 
Redlands. The lead was short lived, how-

SERVING UCSD tor 15YEARS! 
Ii 12 min. /rom /JCSO tt 
/; IIfIfllnnurRDId i --0 

Lo __ OI. _Ad. 

.'¥!'NI ACUAA mazda Hyundal Ih "CT G_ _ •••• -.zu AtUII 111 ...... 
~ &ceIIent """'a. '""" our atIItItd CUIttImftII 
.::r. Minor Tune Up Special 

ow ............. 1IJt_"..,0fIwa." ~ 
1. SI*1II*1g1 5. Check 8IICI repllnil/l all IIuicI e. C/wck CUCII 
2. ~ poiID Ind 011 ~ 8. C/wck IWD 

• 
3. ConIIenaI e. AdIIIIt "'1/IgII 10. ChKII ....... for cMmIige 
4. ~ lining 1. Check br.... 11 . ChKII COOlIng ...", end .... 

12 . ......... 

r-~--~--------------------- $69* 35-polnt Major Service Special &n"",.., ~ Ow mil/« fIIne.up IncIudH: 
1. Canijw ..... _ 
2. v.,. ....".,. 
.......-3.v... ___ 
(1111Mdec1) 
4 . ....... 
5. DIIIrIUor pojm. 
.. CCII.,. .... 
7-»". 
1.01". 
I . G-. ... MIII 
10. EngInI 011 

11 . AdjullIin*1II 
12. AdjuII dWI engle 
13. AdjuII ___ 
14. AdjullIIir .. tu.l1IIIio 
rNIdIn 
15. AdjuII .. rtng bale 
11. AdjuII CIuIdI 
11. AdjuII ~ 
11. AdjuIIe-veney 
IirWI 
11. ChICII ....... 
upaMClbeb 

20. Lulie lion! end 
21 . ChId! .. replMlW1 all 
fluid .. 0II1ewII 
22. Check eIIcbIcaI 
II-. 
23. ClledlIor Iooee I 
II1II bob 
24. Chedo lirIIIes 
25. CIIedI Ck*='I 
28. CIIedIIWD 
ZT. C/ledl underc8rllllge 
forcMIMgI 

..... .,. 
28. ChKII end recn.ge billie,... 
28. ~ 11m CM rweded) 
30. ChKIIIft p-. 
31 . Lulie door ,... 
32. ChKllaII holdeR 
33. Check COOIintI.-n 1'-
34. ChKIIIlIhIIIII av-m 
35. "-1'" 

-------.... ----_. 
........ --

$159* Complete Clutch Job Brake Job Special $34* ...... 
... ~ .. T,._ ...... __ 

2. ___ s._-... 
3. a......... t . _ ...... _'011 4.nw--... 7. __ 

-'--_ .. _ ...... _. 
,... ............ 

,.,.", 01-' ...... /tIII1nI:IIIIIw: 
1. ____ ....... 01 

-... --2. Of .. aid w ... _ 3 . • _ ............ ..,... 
~ 4. _ hydra.IIc_ 

Timing Bell Special $79*' 
Br8nd new ~. Ask about our apecI8Is on engines. AI our work hal .2-yea, 

. or 2O,OOCknIlelmlted wlrrlnty. AI prices Includt parts and labor. 

OVei seas X 8008 Miramar Rd_ 
Aula ..... AI,IIIF 695.1990 

• • • • • • • • • WI1I1Ii .. d. EJpnI~_ ICeI .... _·'·~tr 
• • •• ,. ,.. ': I.' I·. ., Open Saturday. 

.--------dy~,~--------. 
otta stu ·Paper due? 

••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

Let UCSD Plus Cord give you Q handl 
Use your UCSD Plus Card at Soft Reserves to pick up 
last year's midterm, at Lecture Notes to catch up on 

your note-taking, and at the Pulse or UCSD QuIck COpy 
Centers to copy and bind your papersl 

'-Tlrm- ""'-"'" ii,ld .... 
.. ." 1. 
«o...f.o 

I \ ! I \ I f 
\ , \ I I \. I " I I I " 

.... 
1,1 • 

~ ... And If you haven't gotten around to 
~ buying your BOOKS yet, the UCSD 

Bookstore also takes UCSD Plus card I .. II •••• 
• For mON Informatlofi. call 5~PWS (7517). • 

elBA NewVues $144 * -_ .. _.-.-_ . 
FREE 1-PAIR COLORED 
CONTACTS' WJ FRESH LO.OK 

( () ( I'() \ "\ \ I H 

Moaday, April 29, 1996 The UCSD Guardian 19 c· 

to have eome fun? Come and play with 
kids on Saturday, May 4th. Meet at 

IF,!tarson Hall at 10:45am sharpl Please 
your own lunch. 

I_r ...... ? 11am-3pm 
Cell: 558-8821 

CoLLEGE CLUB WORKSHOP FOR 
STUDENT ORGANIZATIONS 

Sponsored by: SOLO 
Get one-on-one assistance from the College 
Club Manager and find out how you can use 

system to fit YOU R organization's needs! 
When? Wednesday, May 1 from 12-1 pm 

n:i~~~~~=~~~~i..JWhere? 3rd floor of PC 
- Questions? Call: 534-0501 

SEMIFORMAL 
AITENTION WAAREN STUDENTSI 
Come have fun on the Marietta (San Diego 
Harbor Excursions.) 
TICkets are $10 at the Box Office. 
When? Saturday, May 14 
Questions? Call: 534-4731 

WANT TO KNOW WHERE YOUR 
REGISTRATION FEES GO? 

Apply to be the A.S. Representative on the 
Registration Fee Committee. Other posi-
tions being appointed: Director of Public 
Relations, Campus Office Director, UCSA 
Representative, Financial Controller. Stop 
by the A.S. OHices ... third floor, Price 
Center,call 534-4451 or e-mail 
asucsdOucsd.edu for more info. 

HANDS ON SAN DIEGO 1996 
Volunteer in selected activities of your 
choiceincluding the environment, 
homelessness, children, elderly, and 
Habitat for Humanity. 
When? May 11 from 9am-3pm 
Call 534-1414 ask for Nicole or John 

PREMED CLUB ELECTlONS 
All PreMed members are encouraged to 
come and partiCipate in the election of new 
officers for 1996-97 
When? Tuesday, April 30 0 7pm 
Where? SF/Santa Cruz Am, 2nd Floor PC 

o PAGAND A 
PSI CHI, NAT10NAL HONOR SoctETY .. 

PSYCHOLOGY 
Applications for spring induction are now 
available from Hitdegard, McGill Annex 
1533. All applications are due Friday, May 
3,by4pm. 

LEARN TO BREW BEERI 
Come to the general meeting of the 
University Zymurgy Club. Beginners as well 
as accomplished home-brewers are all 
welcome. 
When? Tuesday, April 30 0 Bpm 
Where? Berkeley Rm of the PC 
Visit our web site: http://soliton.ucsd.edul 
- zymurgy or 
e-mail zymurgyOsoliton.ucsd.edu 

WARREN COMMUTER BREAKFAST 
Sponsored by: Warren Commuters 
FREE FOOD I 
Come and leam about events at Warren and 
meet some fellow commuters. Get involved! 
When? May 2 from 8-1 Oam 
Where? Revelle Commuter Lounge 

SRA GUEST SPEAKER 
Sponsored by:Student Research Assoc 
Come and listen to Dr. Paullnsel talk about 
the MDlPhD program and about his current 
scientific research. 
When? Monday, April 29 0 Spm 
Where? Center Hall 212 
Questions? email·sraOucsd.edu 

SocEn Of WOMEN ENoI'fEERS 
SWE is having their elections for next year's 
officers and will talk about next year's plan 
of events! 
When? Tuesday, April 30 0 7pm . 
Where? EBU2 584 
Questions? Call: Mylene 0 521-0886 

PRE-DENTAL SocIETY OFRCEA'S 
ELECTION NIGHT 

Be active and run for office for the 1996-97 
terml Meeting tonight (April 29) at 7pm in 
the UC Irvine Room (2nd Roor PC) 
Questions? Call: Edith 0 680-7818 

JOAN OSBORNE 
Sponsored by: UEO and Bill Silva 
Grammy nominee Joan Osbome in concert 
in the Price Center Ballroom. TICkets are now 
available. Prices: $16.50 for the first 200 
UCSD students. $17.50 in advance, or $20 
at the door. 
June "4 at Spm (Doors open 0 7pm) 

TALENT SHow & KARAOKE CONTEST 
Sponsored by: VSA 
Come and compete for our awesome Cruise 
Semi-Formal Ticketsl Cruise on "The Lord 
Hornblower" with live band .and DJII 
Saturday, May 11 from 8:3Op";1 to midnight 
Where? Top of the Quad . 
Questions? Call: 534-4726 

FRIDAY FUN SESSIONS 
Looking for a way to relax after a busy week? 
Free ballroom fun sessions are still going 
on every Friday from 2-4pm at RIMAC. 
Activity Room 2. Come to leam. practice. or 
just have fun! Everyone is welcome I 

Monday, April 29 
PAN-ASIAN 
Info Table 
11am -2pm 
@PCPlaza 

ILL FIEEI~ ~~ 
T u esd a y, Apn I 3 O .,<:"<:; • . :., .... ! ' "1 i"i£¥,4''""' ~~J ~ Gt~\ 

THURSDAY r-JIGHT MAY 7ND 
PRICE CENTEFi TIiEATEn 

! 001 r, 8, 1 () (J(h" ,JUST S) ()() 

PAN-ASIAN ~.':'~"":'~ cJt J. ~\,.. 
Food Fair Wednesday, May 1 ~sv-c-s 
11am-2pm 
@ PC Plaza 

Tke 
May4 

Rice Bowl Sports 
Tournament 

@ Warren Fields • 

PAN-ASIAN 
Food Fair 
11am -2pm 
@ PC Plaza 

Rice Bowl Sports 
Tournament 

@RIMAC 

Thursday, May 2 
PAN-ASIAN 
Fashion & 
Cultural Show 
Noon -lpm 
@ PC Plaza 

PAN ASIAN 
Hate Crimes Forum 

8pm - lOpm 
'(1 PC Cove 

May Seventeen 
MCMXCYI 

-

..... 

-

-

-

-



.. 

r: 

r.: 

20 SPORTS 

'VAN GO 
DEREK V AN HOFTEN 

Hey Padre Fans, 
It's TlDle to Brag 

Ho-hum. Another April. 
another month in first place 
for the Padre . But when a 
club is as consistently good 
as the San Diego Padres. you 
come to expect such domi-
nance. And with all the 
pennants waving in the wind 
at Jack Murphy Stad .... 

Wait a minute. Are we 
ta lking about the Padres? The 
same Padre who have had 
just two winning seasons 
ince any of us were born? 

The same Padres who have 
fielded Triple-A teams for the 
past three years? 

·Yes. it's those Padres. Bul 
with allihe victories going on 
around here, i I' easy to 
confuse Ihe Pads wilh the 
Braves or Indians. After all. 
Ihe Padre aren't just win-
ning. They're winning 
handily and, in the process, 
are running away with the 
National League's Western 
Division. 

It' s nol even May yet, and 
the race is all but over. II's 
quite apparent to even Ihe 
average baseball fan that the 
Dodgers, Rockies and Giants 
just don't have what it lakes 
to catch up to the "mighly" 
Padres. 

4-FOR-tc UCSD 
tallied four wins over 
Redlands and Whittier 
By Mlk. Sta .... 
Staff Writer 

Winning can be the best medi-
cine for a struggling ball club. After 
suffering through a long road trip-

during which the Tri-
tons languished 
through a dismal 16-
game 10 ing skid -
the UCSD women's 
softball team has won 
eight of its last 13 con-
tests, including back-
to-back sweeps of the 

last two opponents. As a result, the 
young Triton squad has gained con-
fidence and some well-deserved mo-
mentum heading into the last week 
of the season. 

"I expected that we were going 
to struggle this year," Triton Head 
Coach Patricia Gerckens said. "We 
should have won more game than 
we have, but [the players haveJ 
learned about each other. 

"Now they're having fun win-
ning," she added. "I think that a lot 
of team would have given up, but 
these girls are playing harder now 
than they did in the beginning of the 
year. I give them a lot of credit for 
that." 

The Tritons have begun to reap 
the rewards of experience and hard 
work. All of the time they have 
inve tedJ at practice and in games, is 
beginning to payoff. UCSD is play-

The UCSD Guardian 

PORTS 

DIv., dIv.: UCSO's Jessica Plancich, who went 4-for-4 in the 
Tritons' second win over Redlands, dives safely into third. 
ing the best ball of the season, and 
the women are realizing they can be 
competiti ve at the Di vision ill level. 

"Confidence is the big thing," 
Gerckens said. "They're learning 
how to close-out games. They're 
hitting better than they 've ever hit, 
and they're executing. I think they 

know what I expect, too. They had 
to get to know me." 

The two Triton freshman pitch-
ers,Mary Jane Otto and Sarah Bums, 
stepped up their play this past week, 

. holding their opponents to just six 
runs in the four garnes. Their con-
trol and consistency has steadily 

Monday. April 29. 1996 

increased, and both h~ve added 
change-ups to their repertoires. 

'''The pitchers have really im-
proved," Gerckens said of her fresh-
man pitching tandem. "[ Otto], espe-
cially. has improved her off-speed 
pitch. It has really thrown tearns 
off." 

The Triton hitters have been giv-
ing Bums and Otto plenty of runs to 
work with, as of late. UCSD scored 
24 runs in a doubleheader against 
Whittier, and 14 more Tritons 
crossed the plate in the two games 
on Saturday. 

'The difference has been our of-
fense;" Gerckens said. "We are a 
different team. Before, we weren' t 
even getting runners on base." 

The well-balanced attack ha 
been led by sophomore outfielder 
Jessica Plancich, who recently 
moved from ninth in the batting 
order all the way up to the lead-off 
spot. Plancich had another e~cellent 
day at the plate on Saturday, going 
five-for-seven in the two games 
verses Redlands. 

"Jessica has been a great sur-
prise," Gerckens said. "She doesn ' t 
do things in the most orthodox way, 
but she gets the job done ... She's 
focused." 

While Plancich and the pitching 
staff have been on a torrid pace, 
victories have only resulted due to a 
total team effort. 

'There is no star on this team," 
Gerckens said. 'They are just agroup 
of girls that are coming together as 
a team. Sara [Snyder] does her job 

See FOUR, Page 15 

With Ihis hurdle behind 
them, the only remaining 
question is whelher or not the 
Padres can win more games 
Ihan the Brave , reach 100 
wins or fini sh more Ihan 30 
games ahead of those pathetic 
Dodgers. You remember the 

Dod~ers - the ones who 
were going to "bury" the rest 
of tile West. Not quite. 

Now, these are rather risky 
assertions considering it's 
only the end of April. After 
all, teams have lost bigger 
leads in the last two weeks of 
the season than the Padres 
cumntly have. 

Tritons 1\me-Up for peRes With Miller Time 
TESnNG 1-2-3: UCSD's women sent three boats to compete in the ~~ner Cup, hosted by UCLA 

But when one considers 
the Padres' history (of losing) 
and the total number of days 
spent in first place during the 
last decade (six-and-a-haIO. 
each and every Padre fan 
must take advantage of this 
wondrous event. 

In only one year, we have 
to make up for a lifetime of 
bragging celibacy - Let's 
get started! 

The pure joy of the 
Padres' early success goes 
beyond simply being in first 
place. In reality , just fielding 
a team with recognizable 
names is enough to make 
most fans ecstatic - that, and 

See PADRES, Page 14 

By Dan Kraft 
Sports Editor 

Last weekend was "Miller time" 
for the UCSD women's crew team. 
And it didn't mean an opportunity 

to get bullwinkled 
on cheap American 
brew. 

On Saturday, the 
Triton women 's 
crew team packed 
its hulls, oars and 
the like and headed 
north to picturesque 

Westwood - home of the UCLA 
Bruins - to compete in the Miller 
Cup on the not-so-picturesque 
waters of Bolona Creek. 

Whi Ie the creek is the "home 
water" of the Los Angelinos, 
UCSD women's Head Rowing 
Coach Jack Vallerga was quick to 

emphasize that the cleanliness of 
the water leaves something to be 
desired. 

"Let's just say that I wouldn't 
let a crew throw its coaxswain into 
the water here," Vallerga said. 

So, with filth in the water, the 
Tritons attempted to weave a thing 
of beauty over its surface against 
such competition as UC Davis, 
Stanford, UC Santa Barbara, USC 
and local rivals, San Diego State 
and USD. 

For UCSD, three of its boats 
used the event as a final tune-up 
for the Pacific Coast Rowing 
Championships (PCRCs) to be 
held May 11-12 at Lake Natoma in 
northern California. 

The three boats included the 
Tritons' top rowers competing in 
the varsity-eight class. Of the eight 

rowers, however, five were light-
weights- meaning that the UCSD 
crew would be rowing against 
much bigger competition. 

The Tritons saw the effects of 
that disadvantage in their heat race, 
when they finished fourth on the 
small course, which can only hold 
four boats at a time. 

That left the La Jollans in the 
petite, or second tier, final race 
against Orange Coast College 
(OCC), UCSB and Loyola 
Marymount, where UCSD grabbed 
second behind only the squad from 
OCC. 

That finish was earned by a 
strong final 1,000 meters during 
which UCSD overcome an early 
deficit to Loyola Marymount. Ac-
cording to Vallerga, the crew could 
have been satisfied with the third-

____________ •• lla','J:t:t:elll 11 ____________ _ 

W ..... ·.' .... Ia: Men'.'ennl.: 
Today, April 29, at Point Lorna Nazarene, 2:30 p.m. Tues., April 30, at Point Lorna Nazarene, 2 p.m. 

........ 1: ....... 1: 
Sat., May 4, vs. Chapman University, Noon Sat.-Sun., May 4-5, at La Verne Tournament, TBA 

place finish, but it decided to dig 
deep and chase down Loyola. Over 
the second half of the course, 
UCSD gained a boat-Iength-and-
a- half on the Lions' squad to take 
second. 

"In the whole scheme, we took 
sixth out of eight varsity crews," 
Vallerga said. "But we showed 
good aggressiveness and techni-
cal improvement. The next step is 
to break down into a varsity-four 
and a Ijght-weight four for 
PCRCs." 

The other two Triton water wars 
were contested in the novice cat-
egory, as UCSD entered both an A 
and a B boat. 

In the novice A heat, UCSO's 
creW found itself opposite some 
tough competitors from Stanford, 

See TEST, Page 15 

-
""""1: The 
Tritons traveled 
to Menlo College 
in hopes of 
evening their 
record, but 
instead came 
home with three 
more losses. 


