
. ,:t '"1 :t '.'J :l :t ~l =-
UCDavl.,.... 
New Art Center 
DA VIS, Calif. - UC Davis, 
known for its agricuhural and 
veterinary programs, recently 
announced plans to build a 
high-tech performing arts 
center. The center, which has 
been heavily promoted b): 
UCD Chancellor Larry 
Vanderhoef, willlOclude a 
$42.5 million performance 
hall, an $11.8 million recital 
halUhigh-tech classroom 
facility, an $8 million visual-
arts center and a parking 
tructure. In addition to state 

and corporate funding - and 
the leveraging of university 
lands - the plans include a 
$20 million private 
fundraising campaign. 

- The California Aggie 

UT Re .. archers 
Find CO2 Solvent 
AUSTIN, Texas - Research-
ers at the University of Texas 
have developed a new carbon 
dioxide-based solvent which 
pollutes less and lowers the 
rate of ozone depletion. Keith 
Johnston, a professor of 
chemical engineering, along 
with an international team of 
scientists, developed the 
expcrimentaltoo! called 
"critical carbon," which could 
replace other widely used but 
highly polluting solvents. The 
process combines carbon 
dioxide with a chemical 
ingredient called nuoroether to 
create a natural solvent which 
is nontoxic, noncarcinogenic 
and does not damage the 
ozone layer. 

- The Daily Texan 

ArIzona Fire May 
Have Been Arson 
TUCSON, Ariz. - A fire 
Sunday which caused an 
e timated $25,000 in damages 
to the Aerospace and Me-
chanical Engineering Building 
at the University of Arizona is 
suspected to be the resuh of 
arson. Tucson Fire Department 
officials said they are "all but 
certain" the fire was intention-
ally sel. "There were several 
points of origin," UA Spokes-
man Herbert Wagner said. 
"Plus, this looked like a 
speedy fire ." Officials said 
they have no suspects. 

- The Daily Wildcat 

_I~~'tl'l_. 

STOMP! 
HIATUS: Stomp! pounds 
into town with four sold-out 
dates at Spreckels H7 

OPINION: Why we should 
support the teachers in the 
San Diego teachers' strike 4 

SPOIITS: Women's 
basketball prevails over 
see, 76-63 II 

, H I u 

UCSANDIEGO THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 8,1996 

STACKING THE DECK 

_ Claire Schneider/Guardian 
A real gamble: Muir freshman Amber Smith reacts excitedly to a hand dealt by 
Johnny Tran, another Muir freshman, at last night's "Muirage" casino. 

Affirmative-Action Support 
Slips in UCSD Faculty Poll 
SURVEY: Affirmative action 
support falls to 57 percent 
By Ivan Dalventhal 
News Editor 

UCSD faculty support for a resolution call-
ing fora reversal of the UC Board of Regents' 
decision to cnd race- and gender-based hiring 
and admis ions in the UC system may be 
dwindling, according to the results of a faculty 
mai I ballot released last week. 

The mail ballot, which was sent out to all 
1,323 Academic Senate members following a 

Nov. 28 meeting of the UCSD Academic 
Senate's Representative Assembly, asked re-
cipients to vote for or against a proposed reso-
lution calling forthe UC regents to rescind their 
anti -affi rmati ve-aclion vote. 

Last November, the Representati ve Assem-
bly voted by more than a 2-1 margin, 36-15, in 
favor of a resolution calling for the UC regents 
to reverse their decision. 

The results of the mail ballot released Feb. 
I showed 57 percent of those polled were in 
favor of the resolution, while 43 percent op-

See BALLOT, Page 3 

c 5 D 

VOLUME 87, ISSUE 10 

Campbell Calls 
For Elimination 
Of Student-
Regent Position 
PROPOSAL: Reagan-era regent 
has opposed student po ition since 
it was first introduced in 1975 
By Terry Lew 
Associate News Editor 

The University of Cali fomi a student regent may soon 
be a creature of the past - that i~, if a propo al by 
outgoing Regent Glenn Campbell is approved by the full 
UC Board of Regents at next Thursday's mccting. 

Campbell's proposal, known as SP-17, c~lIs for the 
dissolution of the student-regent position, efTective July 
I. The proposal will be discu 'sed by the regents ' pccial 
Commillee on Regents' Procedures in the moming and, 
if approved, will go before the full board later that day . 

Campbell said he wrote the proposal bccau~e the role 
of the student regent is too ambiguous. 

"I wish some of those hotshots I newer regents on the 
board] would tell me who the tudent regent represents." 
he said. "Probably his or herself, like some orthe lawyers 
on the board." 

UC Berkeley Boalt Hall Law School studcnt Jess 
Bravin was approved as the new student regent hy a board 
commillee at January's meeting. The full UC Board of 
Regents will vote on his appointment at 10:35 a.m. on 
Feb. IS, while a decision on Campbell's proposal wi II not 
be made until at least 30 minutes later. 

"rlf approved], I would be a regent-designatc, ami I 
would have the opportunity to speak to the board and 
perhaps persuade rCampbell] that this is not the best 
move at this historic juncture," Bravin said. 

Campbell said he was unsure what would happen if 
both Bravin and his proposal were approved by the 
regents. "I guess IBravinJ would he unapproved, or we'd 
have to amend it to next year," he said. 

However, Campbell has not gathered wide support 
for his proposal from his fellow regents. 

'" don't take Ithe proposalJtoo seriously," UC Board 
of Regents Chair Clair Burgener said. "We all have 
different views, and I don't think this one has a lot of 
support - at least not from me." 

Bravin added that he has spoken with several of the 
current regents, and that he believes SP-17 has lillie 
chance of even gelling out of the commiuee. 

"I haven't heard a single regent say he supports 
[Campbell's propo all , even though it' s well known that 
several regents have had personality conniets with the 
current studentl'egent," Bravin said. "1 think they realize 
that what 's at stake is much, much larger than any 

See REGENT, Page 11 

Cuban Diplomat Discusses Repercussions of U.S. Embargo 
SPEECH: Dignitary 
says America is afraid 
of Caribbean nation 
By Marianne Vigil 
Senior Staff Writer 

Amid shouts of "Viva Fidel 
Castro!" a top dignitary from Wash-
ington D.C.' s Cuban Intere t Section 
spoke Tuesday at the Chancellor's 
Complex about his desire to see an 
end to the U.S. embargo against his 
nation. 

Sponsored by the Voz FronterilP 
and the Uni6ndel Barrio, Jose Ponce's 

lecture before more than 60 people 
covered racism in Cuba and the legacy 
of the 1959 Cuban Revolution. 

Cuba has been successful in its 
fight against racism, in part becau~e 
of "our great struggle against 'he 
United States," Ponce said. "We have 
been very lucky to have such a power-
ful enemy because it has helped bring 
our society together." 

Racism in Cuba was a vestige of 
the "neocolonial period," which was 
in effect before the Cuban Revolu-
tion, Ponce added. "When Cuba be-
came the plantation of the U.S., they 
imported with them the same racism 

, , 

as in the U.S.," he said. 
After the 1959 socialist revolu-

tion, Ponce said that ending racism 
and sexism were the two m:.tin goals 
of the Cuban people. 

Ponce added that Cuba's free edu-
cation and health-care systems are 
currently helping to solve Cuba's race 
problems. 

'These are two things that I see 
only in socialist countries," he said. 
"We try to hire people for what they 
are able to give to the country and not 
look at race or gender. Yet, this is still 
an area where we need to improve." 

See CUBA, Page 11 
Adulnlon: Jose Ponce (left) 
spoke Tuesday at UCSO 



2 NEWS 

'Muirage' Transforms 
Top of the Quad 
CASINO: Muir freshman Darren Munk takes the 
grand prize, a two-night trip for two to Las Vegas 
By M.tthew K.llnowskl 
Slaff Writer 

Muir'sTopoftheQuad(TOQ) 
cafeteria became the "Muirage" 
last night, complete with black-
jack, poker, roulelle and craps 
tables, a tropical theme and even 
a fake volcano. 

The blackjack dealers con-
sined mainly of Muir students, 
along with several Muir staff 
members. Professional dealers ran 
the craps and roulette tables. 

The dealers were shown "all 
the different aspects of blackjack," 

in two training 
sessions, Manson 
said. They were 
instructed on the 
specifics of offer-
ing insurance, 
splitting , dou -
blingdown, when 
to stand and whal 
to do in case of a 
tic. 

Panicipants re-
cei ved $500 of 
fake money with 
which to play . 
Also , gamblers 
cou I d purchase 
another !'500 with 
one real dollar. At 
thc end of the 
night , players ex-
changed their win-
nings for raffle 
lickets al a rate of 
$100 of play 
money per licket. 

"(Th. volcano 
eruption] ._ 

Several 
" Muirage" pa -
trons noticed the 
similarities be-
tween the casi no 
and the 
"G roovacio us 
Oasis," Muir ' 
se miformal 
dance from a few 

Raffle prizes 
included gift cer-
tificate to Tower 
Records, tickets Lo 
the Stephen Birch 
Aquarium -Mu -

pretty slimy. I 
mad •• project 
Just like H In 
eighth .... d •• " 

seum and the 
Reuben H. Fleet Space Theater, 
and passes to the AMC movie 

theaters ~ 
Muir freshman Darren Munk 

won the grand prize, two nights 
of accommodations for two at 
the Westward Ho! hotel and ca-
sino in Las Vegas. 

If the lure of the prizes wasn't 
enough, participants in the 
night's festivities all received a 
free cup in which to hold their 
chips. The cups were donated by 
the Mirage hotel and casino of 
Las Vegas, according to co-Chair 
of the Muir Programming Board 
Mei-Hua Gee. 

Despite the prizes and free 
snacksr Assistant Dean and event 
coordi1nator Vince Manson said, 
"what people really come for is 
the gambling." 

Many students saw the 
"Muirage" as a ~afe place to hone 
their gambling skills. 

"It's a great idea because we 
can't gamble legally anyway," 
Muir freshman Gary Chen said. 

-o.yChen 
Muir Freshman weeks ago. 

Event orga-
nizers were able to use many of 
the same props - including the 
palm trees - that were used for 
Ihe dance. 

"We're really lucky it worked 
out that way," MuirProgramming 
Board Co-Chair Deepa Pandian 
said. "It was a lotal coincidence." 

In an attempt to emulate the 
Mirage's huge, manmade volcano, 
a miniature plaster vokano was 
sel up in the middle of TOQ. Ev-
ery hour, on the hour, Manson set 
off a vinegar-and-baking-soda 
eruption. 

"[The volcano eruption] was 
pretty shiity," Muir freshman 
Gary Chen said. "I made a project 
just like it in eighth grade." 

Event organizers had a budget 
of S 1,500, and Manson said that 
most of the money went to renting 
card-game tables and professional 
dealers from Casino World. 

Any cash raised at the event 
would go back into the Muir Pro-
gramming Board fund, Manson 
added. 

CLARIFICATION: 
• In reference to a Jan. 29,1996 article (·UCSD Political Science Student 
Runs for srat' Assembly"), Sean South wishes to clarify he does not 
advocate tenn limits at the state level because tenn limits are already in 
place due to Proposition 140. 

ERRATA: 
• In reference to a Feb. 1, 1996 photo on page 9 of Hiatus, the woman 
In the main photo is Sutton Foster. ... 
• In reference to a Feb. 5, 1996 article ("Internships: A Peek Into the 
Crystal Ball"), only UCSD undergraduates have the opportunity to app/yfor 
ASlO Internships. 

IlleUCSD~II"-'''''''''IIId'''''-''''_''.IIJ''''blllo 
_"uctO. ____ " ... _ ........... -I\-OIIn~II\,_ 
_ • ....., .......... u .............. IlleUCSD .......... __ 
b"._11....--..... 01 III. "" ___ ............ ..,s ... 
.... _ ........ ___ ~". __ "IIIeI.CSO~IIIa~ 

IIc-.....1IIa _ ..... IIIe I.CSO~ Is - aoIIfy IIJ-.q· 
.1· ...... ,.._' ..... ,..._ .... 

. .. 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, February 8, '1996 
i , 

ETCETERA. • • 

BRIEFLY ... 

Theater Pays Tribute to Joseph Chaikin 
In honor of the 25th anniversary of the Open Theatre's 

play Te""inal, a seminal work of contemporary Ameri-
can theater, the UCSD theater department will host a 
national tribute and symposium on the directing career 
of Joseph Chaikin on March 8 and 9. 

Chaikin is the author of Presence of the Actor, the 
founder of the Open Theatre and a recipient of numer· 
ous awards, Including the Obie Lifetime Achievement 
Award. 

Chaikin and Terminal playwright Susan Yankowitz, 
both spendirc this winter at UCSD, will present an 
updated version of the play in collaboration with univer· 
sity actors and designers. Chaikin will also perform his 
solo composition, War in Heaven. 

The sympoSium will focus on Te""inal, its production 
history, the career of Chaikin and the ifT1l8Ct of Chaikin 
and Open Theatre on experimental theater. 

The symposium is scheduled for Friday, March 8. 
Registration fees are $85 for general admission, $45 
for faculty and staff and $25 for students. The fee 
Includes admission to all lectures, panel discussions, a 
perfonnance of Te""inal, refreshments and campus 
parking. 

Tickets for the performance of Terminal are $12 for 
general admission and $6 for students; they are avai~ 
able at the Mandell Weiss Theatre Box Office. 

UCSD A ...... ulR to Host Feb. 18 
Lecture on Elftperor P ...... 1ns 

The Stephen Birch Aquariu~Museum at the Scripps 
Institution of Oceanography (SIO) will present a special 

lecture. and slide/video presentation by Carsten 
Kooyman, a senior research assistant at SIO's Center 
for Marine Biolo&}' and BiotechnoJogy on Feb. 18 at 2 
p.m. 

Kooyman will discusS the emperor penguin's natural 
history and the physiological adaptations it has evolved 
to thrive in Antarctica's harsh environment. He will also 
address the manners in which these birds avoid preda-
tors, namely leopard seals and kiUer whales. 

Kooyman is the son of 510 Professor and researcher 
Gerald Kooyman, who both spend two to three months 
each year living among the emperor-penguln colonies of 
Antarctica. 

The lecture, which includes aquarium admission, is 
$6.50 for adults and $4.50 for students. For more 
information, call 534-ASH. 

Guest Coaductor Vlnko Qlobokar 
To Perform at M ...... vll .. 

French conductor Itrombonist Vinko Globokar will 
perform on Wed., Feb. 21 at 8 p.m. in the Mandeville 
Recital Hall. The program will include Blindezeit, Drama, 
Corpore I and an improvisation with fellow trombonist 
and UCSD music Professor George Lewis. 

Born in France in 1934, Globokar studied trombone 
at the Paris National Conservatory, where he won first 
prile In performance. Globokar has composed over 80 
works for orchestra, choir, theater. chamber music and 
solo performances. 

Tickets are $7 for general admission and $5 for 
students. For more information, call 534·5404. 

DAN IWIIMY, Felltums Editor TYPIIT: J_ Eom 
IIDIT IOHIION, Opinion Editor 

DOD VAIl IIOFTIII, Associlltll Opinion Editor 
DAN IUIAFT, Sports Editor 

IlAflItAHIMI, Asst'CIIIIII Sports Edllor 
II.JF IUIIL, Hilltus Editor 

YAIlOV ZOLDTOIIV, Photo Editor 
CHUC« IMHIYD, MJociIIte Photo Editor 
HIIDI MUZIIIt(, Assoc/llfll Photo Editor 

DOMIIM: ~, GrllPhlcs Editor 
_ LATHAM, OIIslfn Editor 

AIMII'''' AllllTMT: c~ Sato 
ClRCULATIOII AllllTM1I: Ken Chin . PIbto Mquy. eM,Une Pllfford. 
Sleflftle SlocII ........ T .... 

AIIN IIAREFIELD. Advert;s;", Mance, 
I0Il DeANDRIA, Bus/rlllss Officii Mancer 

Mill MARTINEZ, Art DirectOf 
RIT1IYA TAH, Asst. Business Mancer 
.10M IIARIIM, Ad L/I1OUt /lKfd Des;", 

JOI PAN, Graphic Des/filer 

Edltorl .. : 534-6581. News/Fellturel: 534-5226. 
Opinion/Soon.: 534~582. HllltuI: 5~583 

BusIne .. OffIce: 53-4-3466, Fill: 534-7691 
HMII: luardl.nOucsd.edu 

Gullrdl8l1 Online: http://_,UCsd.edu/luardl8l1 
UCSD II .. "".", 9&00 811m .. Driv. 0316, 

La Jolla, CA 92093-0318 
...... _: s-.I FIDor. ucso _c:-....... '10' . Rm. 217 

Thursday, February 8, 1996 The UCSD Guardian 

A.S. Debates Fee Referendum 
HIKE: Extra $28.50 per 
quarter to fund sports 
programs and A.S. 
By Esther Yoon 
Staff Writer 

A.S. Council members discussed 
the implications of a $28.50 student 
activity fee referendum at last night's 
council meeting. . 

The new fee referendum, if passed 
on the spring tlections ballot, would 
fund intercollegiate sports, intramu-
ral sports, club sports and A.S.-spon-
sored student activities. 

According to A.S. President Naomi 
Falk, the initiative for a fee referen-
dum was implemented by the three 
sports groups, which wanted to com-
pile their fee referendum with an in-
erease in the A.S. Council's manda-
tory Student Activity Fees. 

"A.S. Council is strapped for 
money this year, and we need to get 
the Student Activity Fee increased for 
next year," Falk said. 

The breakdown of the fee referen-
dum, which would be paid quarterly, 
allocates $3 to club sports, $2 to intra-
mural sports, $20 to intercollegiate 
sports and $3.50 to the A.S. 

The $28.50 fee referendum would 
be in addition to the $13.50 in manda-
tory student fees that the A.S. cur-
rently receives. 

"I think it's really important that 
students recognize just what is funded 
by A.S. and the amount of things A.S. 
does," Falk said. "A.S. funds student 
organizations, student media, student 
lobbying, programming. We can't 

--- , toIooH.tpa 1 ... 1dI.14 __ 
(AcuVue, NL. NuVue) 

continue to fund these activities at the 
level we've funded them for the past 
two years without a fee increase." 

Establishing a new fee referen-
dum for funding sports requires a 
votertumout of at least 20 percent and 
a two-thirds majority VOle. However, 
a fee referendum through A.S. re-
quires the average voter turnout for 
the last three years-"probably some-
where under 10 

Falk added. 
However, various members of the 

A.S. Council viewed intercollegiate 
sports as a positive incentive for voter 
turnout. 

"The benefit of adding intercolle-
giatesports [to the referendum] is that 
people wi II Lake an interest in it and 
get out there to vote," Muir Junior 
Senator Justin Farar said. "It's a smart 

percent," ac-
cording to Falk 
-anda51-per-
cent majority 
vote. 

A.S. Coun-
cil members 
supponing the 
fee referendum 
pointed to the 
differences in 
activity fees 
within the UC 
system, with 
UCSD at a 
lower margin. 

.. Fu ......... ntally, I 
don't tIIllik that 
Int.coI ...... sports 
should be Included In 
• student actIYIty fee 
Incr_ becau .. H'. 
not , .. 11y the 
responsibility of the 
students to fund 
[them]." 

call, and will 
likely get us our 
needed fee in-
crease," 

"By nOl add-
ing sports, we 
might have 
problems with 
this," Farar 
added. 

o the r 
councilmembers 
questioned the 
likelihood of 
passinga$28.50 
fee referendum. 

"Students at 
UC Davis pay around $50 per quarter 
for funding student activities," A.S. 
Student Advocate Sooley Diallo said. 

According to Falk, "[there have 
been] pqsonal misgivings about in-
tercollegiate sports in the fee referen-
dum, given that intercollegiate sports 
rail into a different category than club 
sports and intramurals." 

"Fundamentally, I don't think that 
intercollegiate sports should be in-
cluded in a student activity fec in-
crease because it's not really the re-
sponsibility of the students to fund il," 

-fUoInIF'" 
ASUCSD President "I believe 

that nothing 
over $20 will pass," A.S. Vice Presi-
dent External Brian Dowd said. "I'm 
also a little leery about students pick-
ing up that bill." 

In other council news, A.S. Coun-
cil members met in an emergency 
meeting on Monday toappointgradu-
ate student Jay Park as elections man-
ager for the upcoming spring A.S. 
elections. 

In addition, an S 11 ,500 elections 
budget for the upcoming spring elec-
tions passed through the council at 
last night's meeting. 

DR. TED MECKLENBORG O{J/Ol1ll'tllSt 
"',1 'I r.111 11ll.!f RO,lCj • Off I 1') 1t r.11f ,]111,11 RO.ld 

566-411 0 . -' = ~ = ~ \ 

Come Here for Beer! 
Red Nectar 

& 

Gold Nectar 
6-packs 

Black Dog 

BALLOT: 
Faculty votes on 
Nov. resolution 
Continued from pal. 1 
posed it -a345 10263 margin. The 
611 cast ballots constituted a 46 
percent voter turnout. 

''The Academic Senate's [vote] 
is a good vote," Professor George 
Lipsitz said. "They are the same 
percentages by which Proposition 
187 was passed and by which Presi-
dent Reagan was elected, both of 
which were called 'landslides ... ' 

During the November meeting 
of the Representative Assembly, 
several faculty members asked that 
the affirmative-action resolution be 
forwarded to the 'Cntire faculty for 
consideration. 

"[The resolution] was put to a 
mail ballot to be sure that it does 
indeed reflect the sentiment of the 
campus as a whole," Academic Sen-
ate Chair John Wheeler said. 

According to certain faculty 
members, the results from the recent 
mail ballot represent a more accu-
rate reflection of faculty sentiments 
regarding affirmative action. 

"The results of the ballot show 
clearly that a very large proportion 
of the faculty want an end to institu-
tionalizeddiscrimination by race and 
gender," said psychology Professor 
Hal Pashler, who last November 
praised the regents for their "coura-
geous and principled" decision to 
abolish affirmative-action policies 
in the UC system. 

"Ithinktheonlyrea.~nwedidn ' t 
have a clear majority voting for race-
and gender-neutml policies [in the 
mail ballot} is becausc some faculty 

NEWS 3 

have been led ... to view the regents' 
action as some kind of threat to the 
powerofthe faculty," added Pa.~hler. 

During the January regents' meet-
ing, several faculty members voiced 
concerns that notions of shared gov-
ernance were disregarded by the re-
gents when they voted to end affi r-
mative action in the UCsystem with-
out consulting the faculty. 

Wheeler warned the mail ballot 
results should not be used to make 
overdll judgments on faculty opin-
ions regarding affinnative action. 

"II is always dangerous to inter-
pret results because I know, for ex-
ample, there are people who voted 
against the resolution because they 
felt it should focus on the procedural 
aspect of the regents' decision," 
Wheeler said. 

In an independent study' con-
ducted last December by the Roper 
Center, a conservative public opin-
ion research group, 1,000 UC fac-
ulty members were randomly sur-
veyed by telephone. The Roper sur-
vey made several assertions: 

• 52 percent of UC faculty favor 
using race, religion, sex, color, 
ethnicity or national origin as a cri-
terion for admission to the Univer-
sity of Califomia, while 34 percent 
of faculty do not. 

• 73 percent of women faculty 
favor using race, religion, sex, color, 
ethnicity or national ori$in as a cri-
terion for admission to the Univer-
sity of Cali fomi a, while 47 percent 
of male faculty members favor the 
consideration of these factors. 

• Faculty at UC San Fmncisco, 
66 percent, and UC Santa Cruz, 60 
percent, are most likely to favor us-
ingrace, religion, SCX, color,cthnicity 

See BALLOT, Page 11 

••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

: Saa Dielo Folk Beritale Pre.8.IB : 
: Stmytellers of San Diego : 
• Storytelling has always been an important part of traditional cultures-- • 
• entertaining, teaching, amusmg, frightening . San Diego's finest 5tOI)'- • 
• tellers gather for an evening of traditional. and origin at ~les. Children • 
• under 12 are admitted free to most San D,ego Fol" Hentage concerts. • 
: including this one. : 

• • 
: Fri ... , r.llrury I, , ,. • : 
• • 

: Q~el ~~:t~~~nt the : 
• ~ Shiley SpOTts CenteT, : : _--== 10820 N. Torrey Pines Rd. • 
: Bring this ad for a $2 discount. GaU 436-40JO fqr information. : 
••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

GRADUATING 
SENIOR 
DEADLINES* $499 6-packs 

+IU & CRV 
FILE YOUR DEGREE AND DIPLOMA APPLICATION (DDA) 

and more ... 
WINTER QUARTER * 

DDA DEADlINE- NOVEMBER 2.7,1995 RETRACTION DEADLINE· MARCH I, 1996 
SPRING QUAlTO 

OOA DEADLINE- MARCH 8,1996 RETRACTION DEADLINE· MAY 2.~, 1996 • Best selection of wine and SpeclBlty IIqeurs 
• Over 300 beers, specializing In micro-breweries 

SUMHEl QUAlm 
OOA DEADLINE· MAY 31, 1996 RETRACTION DEADLINE· AUGUST IS, 1996 

• Gourmet pastries, cheese, chocolate, & dell items 
• Unique gifts, wrap, and Incredible greeting cards 

Spirits of Saint Germain fiLE IT MAY l TO HAVE YOUI NAMlIN COMMENCEMENT PROGRAM 
3251 Hollcla, Court (IIC,.,.. fnMn II Tortto, 

(619) 455·1414 * SEE COLLEGE RE: LATE FLING 



4 OPINION 

EDITORIALS 
Editorial Board 

TEDD lADD, EdItor In Chief 
ANNA VAJSMAN. Co-Manaeinl Editor 
SIMONE MIllER, Co-Manaeing Editor 

BRENT JOHNSON, Opinion Editor 
TERRY LEW, Associate News Editor 

n. UCSD _Ml,. pubI,_ ..... a _ at the u.-.. ty at Call,.",.... s.n DieCO. Contwotl 
01996. __ .. _ ........ ,.,.... ........ rNjoritv _ 01 tile _ laI boaId. 0Ild ... not 
____ 01 ... UC _", ......... theASUCSO. nor the _. _1UIf. 

Don't 'HaIIIOf' Campbell by 
Eliminating Student Regent 

If UC Regent Glenn Campbell gets his way, UC River-
side graduate student Ed Gomez will be the last-ever UC 
student regent. 

A proposal drafted by Campbell and placed on the uc 
Board of Regents' February meeting agenda to "humor the old 
boy" will be discussed and voted on next Thursday. If passed. 
it would eliminate the student-regent position, which was first 
approved by California voters over 20 years ago. 

Admittedly, the student regent is currently little more 
than a figurehead - one voice among many, with even less 
influence than the protestors which are dragged kicking and 
screaming out of each month ' s meetings. 

With this situation in mind, Campbell asks whether the 
student-regent position is really necessary. In its current form, 
even we say no. One student cannot adequately represent the 
more than 160,000 students in Ihe UC system; one student 
cannot adequately represent the three vastly different constitu-
encies - undergraduate, graduate and professional students -
who make up the university; and one student cannot prevent 
the regents from completing their systematic rape of the 
California Master Plan for Higher Education. 

But one student can try. Even better, three students can try. 
ASUCSD President Naomi Falk has said she would like to see 
the three constituencies, each supplying a representative to the 
UC Board of Regents. And for once, we agree with her. 

Regents of the University of California, please don't let 
Campbell's proposal even get out of committee. Instead of 
eliminating the student-regent position, try expanding it. There 
are 25 of you, and one of us. We aren't asking for much. 

Taps Should Take Over 
Defunded Cart Service 

Because the Office for Students with Disabilities (OSD) 
has exceeded its budget by over 50 percent during the last 
several years, the Chancellor's Office and Student Affairs 
are considering cutting the disabled-student cart service 
withlh the next month. 

Without such a system, physically chaJlenged students 
will be forced to take the shuttle - hardly a convenient last 
resor:t if you have to hike 400 yards on crulches just to get to 
the shuttle stop. The administration claims that if it cuts the 
cart program, it would still be complying with the Ameri-
cans with Disabilities Act - which stipulates that "any 
program, service or facility must be accessible [to the 
disabled]." 

However, simply equipping two shuttles with elevator 
lifts is an insignificant and transparent act, which will help 
very few students. Considering that a large part of the 
disabled-student cart program consists of door-to-door 
service, the administration should not assume that disabled 
students will even be able to reach the shuttle stop 10 use the 
elevator lifts. 

Yet, it appears the university is completely unwilling to 
help those who are in need of aid. Logically, Transportation 
and Parking Services (T&PS) should take over the cart 
service, but T &PS officials are hesitant about assuming the 
responsibility of serving both faculty and students. An OSD 
transportation assistant described T&PS as not wanting "to 
be forced to provide this service." 

But T&PS clearly should move quickly to take over ruMing 
the disabled-student carts. Ultimately, T &PS ellists to provide 
the university with a service. However, if T &PS deems 
lullding out parting tickeu more important than helping the 
disabled - and ifT&PS finds driving a golf cart around 
CIIIIpUII "too muc:h responsibility" - then its usefulness to the 
.nvenity •• whole needs to be rawaIuaIaI. 

PerhIpI drivilll injured ItUdenIIInd staff around campus 
would be ... .."., for TctPS. A disabled IbIdent. 
1IDwvw ...... f.1RCR .... ...-e inconveni.cc while 
.......... c...- 011 c:necMI. 

The UCSD Guardian Thunday, Februll'Y 8, 1996 

PINION 
~ow Bob Dok can win the , 

'RetJ>lican Nominee Race of 9G 
It.J 

.1. 
If Steve Forbes names ow-{ney 

Love as his r.sidenfilll ~-mat 
in an effort to lUrad ~ wters 

ltamEUCSD GUARDIAN g" 
TEACHERS' STRiKE OFFERS 
CHANCE FOR IMPROVEMENT 

COMMENTARY: Teachers deserve significant salary raises, and their 
strike shows the problems with our education system as a whole 

o ere k 

A 
The Voice of 

Re(J$on 

Last Thursday night, KUSI-
TV began its hour-long newscast 
by devoting over 15 minutes to 
the San Diego teachers' strike. 
The three network affiliates did 
likewise, creating special news 
teams and on-the-spot reporting. 
Judging from this initial reaction, 
as well as public support for the 
strike over the next few days, it 
appears as though most Ameri-
cans place teaching and educa-
tion near the 
top of their list 
of priorities. 

Hopefully, 

that the strike will only hurt the students. It is unfair, they 
contend, for teachers to put their selfish interests over the 
students' well-being. But this isjust one example ofhav-
ing to give up something now to gain something wter. A 
long-term goal cannot be achieved without making sig-
nificant sacrifices along the way. In this case, improving 
the SIJlte of education for the future justifies temporarily 
sacrificing students' education now. 

Still, when we see what students will actually be "sac-
rificing," it makes it even more justified. Public educa-
tion is so bad that most students wi II miss very little dur-
ing their time away. But rather than belittle the system, 

we should seek ways to improve it; the 
teachers' strike offers the perfect oppor-
tunity. Once again, education begins with 
teachers. The bener the teachers are, the 
more the students will learn; and the 
more they will desire to learn. Raising 
salaries is the first step, but it is far from 
a sufficient solution. 

the stri ke can 
highlight some important issues for the 
populace and government: F.irst, the 
state of public education continues to de-
teriOf1te; second, all the problems sur-
rounding education begin with the pa-
thetic state of teaching; and third, this 
strike provides a perfect frame of refer-
ence to suggest possible improvements 
in teaching and public schools. 

T .... lng 

While a teacher in general should 
command a high salary, most of loIIay's 
teachers should not. The situation has 
become a Catch-22: Low salaries attract 

Iess~lified people who, in nun, do not 
deserve high pay. To understand how we 
can solve this problem, we need to first 
understand how it began. 

The teachers are more than justified 
for striking. They deserve bigger sala-
ries. Teaching remains the key ingredi-
ent for a successful education system, 
and education remains the key ingredi-
ent for a successful country. It is unfair 
and extremely dangerous to offer such 
embarrassingly low pay for such a valu-
able job. 

Unlike most striking workers, how-
ever, public school teachers don't have 
the same bargaining options. Generally, 
workers can threaten to take a similar 
job with a different employer, should he 
offer beucr pay or more benefits. The 

........ n.thek.y 
• ...,edlent for a 
successful 
education 
.yatem, and 
education 
re ... alns the k.y 
I .. adlent for a 
successful 
country. 

The system began to faJl apart in the 
1960s with the dawn of the women's 
rights movement. In the I 950s, it was 
difficult for a woman to gain acceptance 
in the workforce at large. Primarily, 
women were restricted to two jobs: nurs-
ing and teaching. Thus, the most quali-
fied women were occupying those posi-
tions, rather than venturing elsewhere. 

When the women's rights movement 
began to take off, women found their 
way into fields where they had previ-
ously been denied entry: law, politics. re-

teachers, however, have no such leverage: They are all 
employed by the San Diego Unified School District, 
which pays the aJlI'ies of all teachers in the district. So. 
IIIe IIeden CIIIIIOI dnIIcn to find ajob.a nearby school 
___ it .. the same employer. Moreover, the ocher 

search and medicine. Indeed, with such lucrative occu-
paaions awaiting the I1IOSI talenIed women, fewer were 
left to leaCh. 

IChooI ditIricb in SIll Dieao County rccei~ public fund-
iDa ... ha~ exnnely limited IUIhority; they could noI, 
lid WOIId .... .., -- in.o«eriDa Jiaher ..... 

Sa. ............... IIIM ..... Ila~ COIIIlII1I 

Who can blame them? WhIIl incenIive is there for Illy 
qualified penon 10 ee.:h • a public Ichooi, when there 
lie !111ft preIIi ....... poIenIiaIIy I'CWII"dinejobs" 
whenl1 BwntuaIIy, leu qualified people wilh lea edu-
CIIioa bepn .., occupy ....... poIicioIII ar.ed, 

......... P ... 8 

Thursday, Februuy 8, 1996 The UCSD Guardian OPINION S 

ANOTHER CHANCE TO ASSESS THE A.S. 
STUDENTS NEED A.S. TO SURVIVE 

By .......... 
Speci. to the GwwcIan 

much-needed notes for 
any of his classes. 

Thousands of federal 
employees were recently 
laid off due to the budget 
impasse in Washington 
D.C. Although the Ass0-
ciated Students of UCSD 
is a significantly smaller 
government, with admit-
tedly Jess imporUnt func-
tions and responsibilities, 
it is nevertheless a micro-
cosm of the federal 
government's bureau-
cracy. 

While many students 
tend to demean the impor-
tance of A.S., it has a 
broad scope of functions 
affecting the dai Iy life of 
every student on this cam-
pus. In fact, one might 
only realize the full scope 
of these functions if the 
A.S. government were to 
"shut down," just as our 
federal government did. 
The following is a short 
narralive about Sam Stu-

Lat_ln the 
week, a riot 
almost erupts 
In the PrIce 
Center when 
the 

Later in the week, a riot 
almost erupts in the Price 
Center when the adminis-
tration announces it has 
canceled the Sun God Fes-
ti val. It also decides to 
cancel all concerts and 
TGs with free beer. In 
Sam's mind, the already 
dim social life of UCSD is 
about to become unbear-
able. We'll have no more 
cheap Tuesday and Thurs-
day movies at the Price 
Center - even the Com-
mittee for World Democ-
rar::y no longer offers free 
movies. 

Student organizations 
and colleges begin cancel-
ing events and regular ac-
tivities due to insufficient 
funds. The ever-popular 

ad ... lnlstratlon 
_nounce. 
It .... 
CMC8ledthe 

Muir semi-formal falls 
through. The Thurgood 
Marshall Cultural Celebra-
tion and Kiabigang Sun God Festival. 

dent, a UCSD student who discovers that the 
A.S. has recently shut down. 

On his first day back from winter bmlk, 
Sam goes to the Old Student Center in order 
to buy his books and readers at Groundwork 
Books and Soft Reserves. Unfortunately,these 
businesses are closed; in fact, the entire Stu-
dent Center is barren. He picks up a copy of 
the Guardian and discovers that the AS. gov-
ernment has shut down. Without A.S. fund-
ing. the student co-ops had to close their doors. 
Sam is extremely annoyed that he will have 
to buy his books and readers at the University 
Bookstore and Zebra Copy, paying much more 
than he would have otherwise. 

So Sam decides to relax at the Grove for a 
while. But that's also closed. The Guardian 
reports that the A.S. owned half of the Grove, 
so Sam's beloved UCSD hangout was not able 
to remain open. Sam then goes to his organic 
chemistry lecture to face the grueling quarter 
of work ahead. There, he realizes that AS. lec-
ture Notes will be unavailable to provide the 

Be a part of 
something special! 

Great benefits. 
great people. 

Pilipino's "Filipino Cul-
tural Night" ale also canceled. 

On the bright side, Sam discovers that he 
will no longer have to pay the $13.50 student 
activity fee, which helped fund events at the 
uni versi ty. 

Unfonunately, he soon also discovers that 
his regular fees are scheduled to go up because 
there is no student representation on any cam-
pus or UC-wide committees to oppose such 
an increase. The regents never hear a word of 
opposition against their proposed salary in-
crease for tenured professors. At the same time, 
the parking office decides to raise the price of 
undergraduate parking pennits by 25 pen.:ent. 
Libraries shorten their hours, social acti vity 
stops altogether, student organizations stall , 
alternative media go unpublished. Students 
simply go to class and then directly home, 
while paying more money for fewer services 
on campus. 

Sam discovers a lack of student represen-
tation at every level of the university. The A.S. 

See VALUABlE, Page 6 

By TecIcI UdcI 
Senior Staff Writer 

During my freshman 
year, whenever someone 
in my stuffy Revelle suite 
would bring up the topic 
of the U.S. government-
in between discussions on 
socialism, sexuality and 
religion - I always 
brought up the following 
scenario: 

right now. Six dollars 
versus $13.50 - some 
di fference, right? Let 
me continue .... 

Just imagine you've 
got a very important pack-
age. I mean, a very impor-
tant package - a package 
containing your recently 
removeu kidney, which 
must be delivered to your 
dying sister by early the 
next day. Do you send it 
through the Postal Ser-
vice, or do you send it 
Federal Express? 

.......... not 
spending $10,000 
of stud.nt lIIOII8y 
on the stacks of 
unr .... A.S.-
sponsored 
publication .. 

Imagine a drasti-
cally scaled-down stu-
dent government. 
Imagine the A.S. relo-
cating to the Old Stu-
dent Center in the half-
empty student organi-
zation cubicles; instead 
of occupying a shiny, 
administrati ve-built 
ivory tower in the {'rice 
Center. Imagine the 
A.S. actually having 
some clout because it is 
not perceived as a pup-
pet of the administra-
tion. 

Imagine not spend-
ing S50,OOO of student 
money on the stacks of 
unread A.S.-sponsored 
publications. Imagine 
not spending S24,OOO 
on a radio station no 
one listens to. Imagine 

Well, if you want your 
sister to live, you send it 
through Federal Express. 
The reason is simple: The 
Postal Service could care 
less if the package is there 

• ....,. ... not 
........ n.S24,ooo 
on a radio station 
no on. listen. to. 

on time, but Federal Express' survival de-
pends on it. 

The same reasoning can be applied to the 
U.S. government as a whole. Of course, we 
want government. All of us want nice roads 
to drive on, national parks to enjoy and wel-
fare checks to cash, should we fall on hard 
times. But we certainly shouldn't dtpend on 
it. 

And this dependency is the problem with 
our own little bureaucracy right here al 
UCSD, the Associated Students. Because 
the A.S. doesn' t create the roads which go 
through campus and doesn't meet in the in-. 
terest of national security, r have a hard lime 
believing it is really needed at all. 

That probably sounds drastic (and I know 
the A.S. public relations department. another 
branch which does absolutely no good for 
UCSD students, will be angry), but consider 
another, somewhat longer scenario. 

Imagine a six-dollar Student Activity 
Fee, less than half of what you are paying 

not spending additional 
thousands of dollars on top-of-the-line 
equipment for these media outlets: After all, 
you don't need Pirelli tires on a Pinto. 

Imagine instead these media groups be-
ing funded solely by advertisements. If the 
Koala is indeed the most-read paper on cam-
pus, advertisers would nock to it and A.S. 
money - your money - would no longer 
be spent on a bad publication and good beer. 

lmagine Soft Reserves not being run by 
the A.S. Imagine lower prices and shorter 
lines for class packets by avoiding the A.S. 
"middle man." Imagine instead going di -
rectly to Pulse Copiers, which does all the 
work anyway. 

Imagine ending the A.S. monopoly on Icc-
ture-note services. Imagine beuer notes, bet-
ter graphics and better ex planations - for less 
money. Some of you probably remember No-
tables, a superior note-laking service which 
tried to establish itself at UCSD two years ago, 
but ran up against the AS. brick wall . It scems 

See WORTHLESS, Page 6 

QUIKSILVER • RUBAN • REVO • NO FEAR. SUNCLOUD aD 

Volunteers are needed for Research Drug FR E E 
Study. I'll testing and study medications are 

SAYE30% r-r-~ aD CI Z en 
• 

Qualified participants will be paid up to $360 
for participation 

en 
c 
m 

Applications 
available beginning 

February 1 in 
Warran Dean's Office , 

Ulerature Building 
#3240 

534-4731 

436 5189 Ask ro~ Dianna, Helen Call • or SilVIa 

S. D . S .l . . pre s l' n t s 
a symposium on: 

"Indian American 
Women" 

Date: Sat. Feb 10, 1996 
Time: 10:30 a.m. 
Piece: International Center 

o S.D.S.U. 
5433, 55th Sf. 

Phone .: 594-1 i82 
SpHbn Include: 

MI. Blna Murartca 
Or. Anjana Appachana 
Ms. Annie Oandavati 
Or. Huma Ghosh 

Warren W. Ple.kow, M.D. 
DIPLOMATE , AMERICAN BOARD OF ALLERGY/ IMMUNOLOGY 

S he was afraid 
of heights, 

Now They're Available 
at Buffalo Exchange. 

People are hringing In new 
treasures every !:by . 

Come in to find one of your own. 

PACIf~ BEACH ~ 
1007 Gamct Ave ~ 

SUNGLASSES • T's • SWEATS a SHORTS • HATS & MORE 
Just flash this coupon and get 30% 011 the regular price of anything in the 

stor&-killer sunglasses, smokin' threads for guys and gals , an epic 
selection of UCSD Ts , sweats, tanks and hats (at our La Jolla Village 

storel-plus the biggest and best colleclion of hot , hip new 
WRAP sunglasses, starting at just S15. From Pacific Eyes & 1's, 

the only sunglsss specialist. Bring your fr iendsl 

wtpa'ific: ~ye, " T', 
La IoIY Yau •• CINna..31-036. 

La Jolla 1241 prospect. PlCiflc Beach Promtntdt • Encinitas Lumberyard 
a ..,. .......... 1147 Prospect, La Jolla 

• PecItIc: Beach Promtnede • Dei Mar PIau 
HUFIFlYI Coupon .xpIrw 2It 1111. c.nnot tit UNCI In conjunction wIIn 

0Iher couporw, tptCItI ..... or '~ry dIIcounII. 

• 

C 
r-
..... 



6 OPINION The UCSD Guardian 

STRIKE: attracting more qualified people. While increased salaries would IItnIct in leaChing. the entire system is likely And that is exactly whIl we need more qualified ICaCbcn, the requite- 10 benefil As more individuals axn-
CoIItInued '""" PICe 4 10 begin the rebuilding procell: more men&s for the job need to be more rig- pece 10 teICh, more IIId more ideas 
some very IaIenIed men and women incentive. The cum:nt leIIChers' strike orous. To begin, we should require will surface. SIUdents will be expoecd 
&lill opt 10 bcc:ome ICaChers. but very will probably result in a minor raise, more training and oducaIion to be- to a wider VIricty of irferpn:tIlion IIId 
few people would take such low-pay- and most people will declare it a sue- come a teacher. As more qualified IIId will have more oppommities 10 ex-
ing work simply because of a genu- cess. At best, however. it will only be devOOld individuals begin teaching, pIore other areas of study. 
ine desire 10 leach. Those people are a fint step - and il very small one at the position will also pin a signifi- Dramatic changes like these may 
10 be commended - but there are that. Teachers need significanl raises cant amount of prestige. It is easy to indeed come at a considcnbIe fiscal 
very few of lbem. - not only Jaraer than they will re- underestimate lbe importance of Ibis cast 10 society. But. in the long run, 

The women's rights movement did ceive, but even larger !han they are variable, but it does playa major role. the country will see renwbble .im-
not solely contribute 10 the downfall rcquesIing. Uhimatcly, and ideally, a Currendy, teaching in public schools provement. Just as the cunenI teach-
of American public education. But it teacher should be one of tile highest- carries very little di&linction, possibly ers' strike must sacrifice current con-
had a great impact on the downfall of paid public employees - $IOO,(XX) deterring some qualified people. In- ditions for future ones, so too will 
teaching. As less-qualitied people be- 10 $150,000 is not extreme. creased prestige will inevitably atIract improvements 10 our education sys-
carne teachers, their salaries never But raises must be accompanied more and potentially better teachers. tem as a whole require some initial 
rose. Thus, today we have a Iow-pay- by other ilJ1)/'Ovements; namely, the Once the incentives increase and sacrifices. But the end wi 11 justi fy tile 
ing field which offers no incencive for quality of the teIChers themsdves. capable people begin 10 seek careers means. 

VALUABLE: He knows that the Student Advocate 's Sam and his friends never realized KSDT radio station and Student Run office will understand. Run com- that so many important services ex- Television are compleCcly disbanded. 
COntInued '""" PICe a pletely by students, it helps students isted because AS. either ran 01' funded The \\>lunteer Connection office and 
External Affairs office no longer pro- with on-campus legal problems. them. The shuttles which take stu- A.S. Internship Office close down. 
vides student input at regents' meet- When Sam goes 10 the third floor of dents 10 and from the airport and the Even more imJ)Ol1Dly, SlUdenIs Jook-
ings. and UCSD is no longer repre- the Price Center 10 speak with an ad- Amtrak station at the end of the quar- ing fcr U.S. grants 10 help fund their 
scored at the UC SIUdcntAssociation. vocate, he discovers the advocate's tcr would no longer run. Those who education are now on their own. 
SlUdents are literally cut off from uni- office is gone. In fact, the entire third live on-campus without cars can't rely Soon, anger turns into action. 
versity decisions and poIicymaking. floor of the Price Center hu been on the shopping shuttle anymore, be- There is a sudden movemenl for more 
Students like Sam never realized that turned into a hot tub and musaae 1*- CIUIe it illl't naming. In addition, the student representation on campus. 
AS. provided them with a voice in lor for staff, faculty and administra- A.S.-orJanized Motorist Assistant SIUdents want more COIIIroI over what 
important decision making. lion. The Idminislllllion had gone too Program can no longer help strIIIded happens at UCSD, IIId they want 10 

Later, Sam develops a problem far, and the usually apathetic UCSD motorists. make student life better. Within a 
with his resident advisor at his donn. campus begin~ to boil. Student-pioneered programs like matter of weeks, Sam and his friends 

F-era IfICIf-;~flft 
flf~wC~-;If~-~e.,-' 

C.~'''~;ErSt 
~~'ra~ ~ IfICIf-;~flf 
flf~wC~-;If~-~e.Ii.' 

''-~f~. 
Brooklree. Our revolutionary technology continues 10 break 
new ground in almost every area - from digital 

communicotion~ and multimedia to RAMDAC. But with all 
we've accomplished, the best is yet to come. We're coming 10 

"'8 UCSD Campus 10 talk 10 condidates with a as or MS in 
Electrical Engineering. 

•• _ .... ea.,ISW._ OIl C , ........... 
..... • ,,_,22,1 ... 
...... ,.. ............ 

.. 
c:... ....... c:...·W ...... 

Want 10 know more? Visit us at http://www.brooktree.com 

Thursday, February 8, 1996 

As the slate of teaching improves, 
we will ICC improvemenls elsewhere:. 
Our children will be far better 
equipped to run our cowuy, and they 
win be able 10 accuraICly assess and 
react to certai n social and global pr0b-
Iems and remedy them appropriately. 
Allbe same time, students will have 
a rmcwcd ink:Iat in eWcation. When 
teachers show a devotiOn 10 Jeaming, 
SlUdents are likely 10 follow. 

When we damage our education 
system, we conscquendy threaten our 
country 's future. The San Diego 
teachers' strike wi 11 not sol ve all the 
problems. At the very 1east. though, 
it may show us what we can do 10 save 
our public schools. 

funn a revolutionary student move-
ment, '"fake UCSD Back." Soon, stu-
dents organize an eJectioo. 

Amazingly, the election has a 
record 98 percent voter turnout, and, 
not surprisingly, the A.S. is once again 
established. Students finally realize 
the A.S. had really represented "the 
entire student body" and wu not just 
a group of councilrnembcrs voting on 
things whieh seemingly affected no 
one. Sam and his friends are the As-
sociated Students, and now they reo 
ally appreciate it for what it's worth. 

WORTHLESS: 
Continued from pee. 5 
the A.S. has a free reign on paid note 
services. 

Imagine using the airport shuttle 
service to retum to campus after the 
holidays, a service which would be 
run by UCSO's Transportation & 
Parking Services Depanment - the 
department whieh is most qualified to 
nm the service in the first place. Imag-
ine the Warren late-night shuttle also 
being run by the TP & S. 

Imagine $20,000 of student 
money not being spent 00 the Com-
miuee for World Democracy. lmag-
ineover $100,000 of your rnoney not 
going 10 evel)' possible student orga-
nization under the sun. Instead, imag-
ine members of each organization 
having 10 pay minimal dues, cenainly 
less than $13.50, 10 keep it ruMing. 
And imagine that, if there are not 
enough people to support the club's 
activities, the organization would not 
exist It would therefore noI. be given 
free office space, free Web pages and 
free access to brand-new A.S. com-
puters, which are funded with your 
money. Students would ooly pay for 
organizations they want to support. 

Imagine not giving SI7,OOO of 
student money to the University of 
California Students Association so 
thai its members can put on foolish 
protests and have free transportation 
to regents' meetings, where they 
whine incessantly, all the while try-
ing to appear mature enough to dis-
cuss important issues. 

Finally, imagine that in place of 
the current A.S. bureaucracy, a re-
vamped A.S. Programming Office 
remains. The new programming of-
fice has student representatives, as 
well as professional promoters, to 
ensure quality work. Imagi ne a ma-
jority of your new six-dollar fee go-
ing towaru large, well-attended con-
certs. lmagine the remainder of your 
fee going toward establishing some-
thing which would really help stu-
dents: scholarships. 

I realize that I asked you to imag-
ine a great deal. I also realize that 
the above scenario wOuld Mver take 
place be<:ause government, espe-
cially student government, tends 10 
perpeauate itself. But the fact of the 
mailer is, we don't ,.~ed student 
aovemmcnt; this "leaming process" 
ahouId be reserved for hip school. 

UCSD GUARDIAN ARTS a ENTERTAENMENT FEB R U A R Y 8, 1996 

SOFTIES VISIT 
THE CHE CAFE 

see page H9 

1t1~ 
Th ••• film. will ba 
In th •• tar. tomorrow. 

• Mati Dillon, Lallr~n Holly, 
Timothy Hulton , Rosie 
O'Donnell, Martha Plimpton, 
Natalie Portman, Michael 
Rapapon, Mira Sorvino and Uma 
1llUnnan star in Ted Demmc's 
Beomiful Girls, which opens at 
theaters throughout San Diego. 

• John Travolta and Christian 
Slater battle to recover a nuclear 
weapon in John Woo's second 
American film, Broken Arrow, 
which opens at theaters through· 
out San Diego. 

• A restored version of Indian 
director Satyajit Ray's Pather 
Pane/lilli, the fi rst of a triology, 
opens at the Ken Cinema in 
Kensington. 

F.11~ 
T h a • a .Ibum. will be In 
record stor •• on Tuasday. 

• The Arizona·based Gin Blos-
soms will release CongralUla-
tions. I'm Sorry, the follow-up to 
its successful 1994 debut. 

• Dinosaur, Jr. bassi t Mike 
Johnson will release his third solo 
album, A Year of Mondays. 

• The Irish rock group, the 
Pogues, will relea~e Pogue 
Maliaol1e . 

IfJr.~ 
• Michelle Pfeiffer star.. as a 
school tcacher who transfonns a 
racially mixed class of students in 
Dangerous Minds, due in stores 
on Tuesday. 

• Hugh Grant stars in Nine 
Months, a (j Im about the pains of 
parenthood. It is due in stores on 
Tuesday. 

• Denzel Washi ngton plays a 
cyber cop in Virtuosity, due in 
stores on Tuesday . 

• Tickets are on sale now for the 
Bob Marley Festi va l, fcaturi ng 
Beenie Man, Bummg Spear, Buju 
Banton, Culture, Desmond 
Decker & the Aces, Everton 
Blender, Israel Vibration & the 
Roots Ra(lics Band, Shaggy and 
the Twinkie, on Feb. 19 at the 
Spons Arena. Tickets range from 
$16.50-2 1.50. Info: 220-TIXS. 

• Tickets are on sale now for 
former Alann singer Mike Peters, 
who will perform on Feb_ 23 at 
Brick by Brick. Info: 220-11XS. 

Swept away: The 
performers in Stomp! 
make use of everyday 
items like broomsticks 
in their performances. 

British dance group 
arrives for a three-

day stand at the 
Spreckels Theatre 

ORMED IN 1991 IN BRrrAIN, STOMP! HAS QLlCKLY BE-
come a popular dance troupe which performs in 
front of sold-out crowds throughout Europe and 
the Uni ted States. Recently ,the group has delved 
into popular music, performing on the Tallk Girl 

soundtrack and contributing to the Quincy Jones album, Q's 
look loill l. Du ring a phone interview, Kimmarie Lynch 
spokc ahout the tro upc's cclectic approach. All of its San 
Diego performances (tomorrow through Sunday) at the 
Sprcckels Theatre are sold-out. 
GIUII'diIIn: Where do you get most of the ideas for your 
per10rmancesl 

Lynch: Bas ically, it 's about a lot of spontaneity. The show 
takes a lot of energy, and so, to keep going, we have to interact 
with the eight core members (of the British cast] and get our 
energy from them. It 's basically healthy competit ion and 
interaction with each other that keep ' us on our toes, and 
keeps us moving and growing. 
Es there any par&uIar mesNp you're deh"':'. 
throu&h ,... WOIt(l 

I think that Stomp! is very basic in what it isand what it comes 
·across as. People are always trymg to read into tt , but really, what 
it's about isjust energy anocamaradene, which isa very positi vc 
message In itself. We alsotl)' to makc those everyday, mundane 
things into something outstanding. 
WMn you .t.ted wortdnI with SIon?P!, ... rou 

Courtesy of University Events 

fly r.:,o;lher }()Oll. St(~fr lVriter 

expect to be universally recognizable and accepted as 
perfonners? 

When I aud it ioned for the show, nobody knew what it was; 
and the people who did thought it was prctly weird. I remember 
they told me 10 pick up a broom and stan sweeping. I knew right 
away lhat it was something absolutely neal. The audition itself 
was so fun, it 's amazing. In fact , I'd say that 99.9 percent of the 
shows "NC'rC doing cvery night are a bias!. 
When did the original cast members decide to expand 
the group? 
, In February of '94 they sclected lhe American cast, after 
tou ring here in the U.S., and booked two more tours. Last 
summer, they cast 22 more people outside of the original 
Amcrican cast and put us in wi th these new kids, which is the 
group we'rc tou ring wi th right now. 
How do you like wortling with the new cast? 

It's hard work.. .. The show takcs a lot of work to learn . We 
basically had a "Stomp! school" in New York. The rehearsal 
period takes two weeks, and it takes two months on stagc to 
figure what it 's all about, to gct a fee l for it. But all this shifting 
about kecps it interesting. 
Hnw cId you make the tnnsition from live per1or-
manc:es to producinc .... and commercWsl 

The ori ginal Bntish cast has been prodU Cing some 'hort 
fi lms and commercials for a while. Basically , what thcy did 

See STOMP, page H10 



HIATUS 8 

UC ~AN o lEG •. ,f" 

~rl~.~·tl~¢g 
WINTER EVENT. 3EA.ON 

Jewish Klezrner nzusic /ronz 
New Yorks Lower East Side 

ftc 
ezma CS 

FEBRUARY 15 
THURSDAY • 8PM 
UCSD 
PRICE CENTER 
BALLROOM 
G.A. $18 
STUDENTS $1 

:fI:ubbard St:reet: 

DANCE 
Chicago 

FEBRUARY 24 Be 25 
SATURDAY AT 8PM • SUNDAY AT 3PM 

SPRECKELS THEATER • TICKETS: $21 - 38 

The World Famous 
GLENN MILLER 

ORCHESTRA 
FEBRUARY 28 
WEDNESDAY • 8PM 
UCSO PRICE CENTER 
BALLROOM 
G.A. $20 
STUDENTS $1!5 
SR. CIT. $17 

'Canadian Brall 
MARCH 6 • WEDNESDAY • 8PM 

UCSD MANDEVILLE AUDITORIUM 

~"IR""_ 
_ U"IIRN_lIIil"ff 
............. 

UC5D Box OFFICE 
_nxs 

The UCSD Guardian "Thursday, February 8, 1996 

Rrecord e~~~ __________ _ 

NOFX 
Heavy Petting Zoo 

Ipitaph Records 

Don ' t let anyone know. One of 
indie rock's best-known secrets, 
NOFX, released its latest album, 
Heavy Pelling Zoo, ncarly ten days 
ago. 

Its tried-and-true music may have 
a familiar hard-edged sound, but 
don't be fooled - the range and 
variety on this album is staggering. 
Filled with humor and lyrical hooks, 
it's hard to tell if and when the band 
is ever serious. 

The band mi xes musical styles 
on almost every track. "Phillhy Phil 
Philanthropist" is a good example. It 
ranges from punk thrash to calypso 

and ska. One weakness: although the 
band uses horns on some songs, it 
only dabbles in ska and ncvcr plays 
a satisfy ing ska tune. 

With over ten years of recording 
and world-wide touring, NOFX re-
mains underground not because it 
Jacks talent or a loyal following, hut 
because it chooses to stay under-
ground, doing no interviews to hype 
Pelling Zoo. Even without media 
hype, NOFX i one of the best bands 
out there. 

NOFX will perform an all-ages 
show tonight at SOMA Live. 

-Dan Okada 

Nature 
Nature 

Zoo Records 

At times when li stening to 
Naturc's debut album, it 's difficult 
to tell whether you ' rc li stening to 
thumping rock ora soundtrack from 
a cult -movie boui "abaisse. Ini -
tiaHy, the snips and clips add an 
eerie feel to the songs, but soon 
they become repetiti ve and obtru-
sive. 

Nature specializcs in screech-
ing, industri al-strength guitar hooks 
and pounding drum/drum machine 
beats. This musical mayhem is led 
by the rantings oflead-singer Brian 
Threatt, whose lyrical inspiration 
comes from such lu rid subjects as 
Reservoir Dogs' Mr. Blonde char-
acter, Russ Meyer's fi lm Beyond 
Ihe Valley of the Dolls and the San 
Francisco Zodiac murders. 

Only a couple of songs tand 
out from the general riot of Nall/ re. 
"Fea t" hassome heavy Bad Brains 
crunch supplied by bassist Hugh 
Bonar and drummer Brendan Eller, 
combined with Threau's apocalyp-
tic vocals. 

The ge m of the album is _ 
"Justine," a bass-heavy Marquis 
de Sade-influenced tribute to ac-
tress Justine Bateman: "She said I 
used to be a star, remember me?/ 
Said yes, I always wanted to fuck 
Mallory." 

- Tony Perez·Giese 

r----~-----, 
I SKIN CARE I 
I ~JtvjttZ I 
I Acne Fadals_ $SO ($75 value) I 
I Back Facials_ $35 (SSO value) I Make-Up __ $20 ($35 value) 
I Waxing __ 10% OFF I 
I _ Gift Certificates Available I 
I Ca" for a consultation I 

~RfYA: 678-0J13 ~ELECT-ROT:ysis1 
I ~j0V'tl I I 20 minutes FREE Electrolysisl ~ 
I perm~~~b~i~t~~OVaJ ~ : 
I Call for FREE consultation i I 

TOVA: 453-8708 J 
--------PRIMO UTe La Jolla 

Near Carlos Murphy's 
Fur AI'pointmt nts "all 45~ 

Open 7 Days a wrrk 

D"\l . M·\,;, t!i. 
M.\[)('!V\ F.,c,' l 

Orll's 
•• 111 CI,.II. 

Mtnotti's 
Till 1.lcor., 1111 

aor.o. & 
1111 .llllcorl 

A choral « donct concm eventl 
David Chase conducr/ng. 

Chortography by Patrick Nollet. 
lit, ,..., 11, 1:11 PiI 
"I, , .... , 11,3:111 PiI 
Mandeville AudItorium, UCSD 
Srudtflt dIscounts tWa/lab/e. 

CMl5lUlJ1 

Thursday, February 8, 1996 The UCSD Guardian HIATUS 9 

Soft Sounds 
The Softies and Elliott Smith 
bring their sad songs from the 

Northwest to the Che Cafe 
By Jeff NIeMI 
Hiatus Editor 

Forsinger-guitarist Rose Melberg, 
making the transition from 
the raucous, punk-influ-
enced Tiger Trap to the 
acoustic-oricntcd band,the 
Softies, was easy. And for 
si nge r-guitarist Ellio tt 
Smith, playing hard rock 
with the Portland, Oregon-
based band Hea tm i er 
whi Ie playing his own solo, 
acoustic material is not dif-
fi cult. But for both art ists, convincing 
long-time fans that louder isn't neces-
sari ly beller has not been so simple. 

wan! to fonn a new band, Melberg 
said Tiger Trap fan and close friend 
Jen Sbragia was so enthusiastic about 

recording together, she 
couldn' t tum her down. 

"Writing was so impor-
tant to me for so long that 
once I didn' t have it any-
more, I started to go nuts. 
We never thought about 
looking for a bass player 
and drummer. We spent a" 
last summer, without ever 
having played a live show, 

touri ng. After the tour, we were best 
friends." 

Melberg was exposed to punk rock 
by her parents, who are both musi-
cians. Growing up in Sacramento, he 
found the music li berating. 

Courtesy 

"We have serious problems with 
sound and prefer not to play bars. 
Once they start drinking, they start 
talking really loud. It 's a non-stop 
struggle," said Melberg in a phonc 
interview from Vancouver. She brings 
the Softies to the Che Cafe Tuesday 
night, where they wi" play on a bill 
which includes Smith. In separate in-
terviews, both artists expressed their 
excitement about the bill not only 
because they are friends, but because 
they both play quiet music - a rarity 
in the indie-rock world. 

"A lot of what I listened to then 
was boy stuff. It didn ' t occur to me at 
that time that it was really important to 
be a woman recording rock music," 
she said. "Ilhink people's perceptions 
of women in rock have changed, but 
it' s hard to te" because I'm inside the 
structure. It became such a cool thing 
to do for a while. I think that people 
discount the fact that more women are 
writing about music." 

Soft prls: Rose Melberg (left) and Jen Sbragia (right) of the Softies wi ll perform on Tuesday at the CM CaM. 
listenerstosheda tearortwo. Melberg things that make me happy. I'm l1ctu- of Neil Young. He stryssed that how-
said the songs on the band's latest ally in a happy place in my life right ever depressing it may sound, his 
album, II 's Lo ve, are based on very now. I can't write about being happy, music doesn't bring him \:Iown. 
personal experiences. but therc's darkness in everything. "My music doe n' t make me feci 

'The songs al\,;:11 very sinccreilOd I' ve always had an appreciation for depressed," he said in a phone inter-
very real. We have some thatl won't dark things." view from his home in Portland. " It 
do Ii vc because they are toopcrsonal," Smith alsoacknowlcdges that fans makes me feel pretty good to be play-
Melberg said. "Sometimes wri ting may find hi music rathcrdepressing. ing il.lt definitely has things in it that 
songs serve as a distraction, and one On his two solo albums. Smith wri tes if you only see those thing ', itcould lY.. 

Aftcrtwo albums, Melberg's pre-
vious band, TigerTrap, ca lled it qui ts 
in 1993. Although she initi ally didn' t 

The fact that the Softies' songs 
have an underlying sadness to them is 
not some contrived way of gelling 

sad thing will kcep me from thinking songs about being stuck in lifc's pro- strictly depressing. To me, it has its 
of another. vcrbial ruts. His song writing skills happy momcnts and its unhappy 1110 -

''It also makes me think of the have often been compared with those ments." 

-

rhe La Jolla (hamber f'1U\J( ~o(J('ry pr('\enh 
-Treat your Valentine to something spe(ial! 

( only you need to know that it's free) 
the fifth concert in our ongo ing D iscovery Series 

Brentano String Quartet 
Winners of the 1995 
Naumberg Competition 
Program includes selections by 
H aydn . Berg and Mendelssohn 

Sunday, February 11, 1996 
1:00 p.m. 
7S0 Nautilus S·treet. La Jolla 

n~llIIKu.ntA •• "' __ Students under lOOnY 1S Admitted Free 
-

for II. ~t h or mort' IIlfOrlllJllOI1 (JI! our hox offl({> ill 4') 9 1718 

TEXTBOOK FOCUS GROUP 
SEEKS PARTICIPANTS 

Can you spare a couple of hours to share your 
experience and opinions about textbooks. -, 
in exchange for a valuable gift certificate to 

the UCSD Bookstore? 
The Bookstore and the National Association 
of College Stores invite undergraduates to 

participate in a focus group on 
Saturday, April 13. 

More information and applications are available 
at the UCSD Bookstore. 

LAN DMARK THE ATRE S PR ESEN TS A 
SPECIAL NI NE-FILM SERIES OF 

o 

SATYAJIT RAY MASTERWORKS 
Sec Some Of The Greatest Movies Of All Time 

Newly Restored Prints 
From One Of The Finest Film Masters Of All Time 

'1 III ,\\ ,\ SIII{WOI{I\S 01 

SAT IT 

THE MASTERWOIH(S OF SATYAJIT RAY 
FilM PlAYDATES THEATRE 
Pather PanchaA FebrUCl'Y 9-15 Ken 
Apll'ajito February 16·22 Hilkrest 
The World of Apu February 23-29 Hilkrest 
Julsaghll' (n. ... 1_) March 1-7 Hilkrest 

I 
I Charulata March 8-14 Hilkrest 
I Two Daughters March 15-21 Hilkrest I 
I Devi MlI'ch 22-28 Hillcrest I 
I The Big Ofy MlI'm 29-Apr8 4 Hillcrest I 
I The MMklIIIICII Apr8 S-ll Hillcrest I L _______ ~ _______________ ~ !2!!.~!!.~S CWSICS-
Mhii·,c~a"iii. 

40el _nil A .. ' (618) 283·59011 

Hiita=~t 
exCLUSIVE ONE WEEK ENGAGEMENTS 
Beginning Friday, February 9 at the Ken 

and continuing at the Hillcrest 
\',"'11 "'( J\ If ...... 1 1.11 l,t'I' "'''\." .... 11111\.11,,111 11"1' 



HlATIJS 10 The UCSD Guardian 

A Global Perspective 
In its 11th year, the San Diego Film Festival 

will again feature several premieres 
By EIysI. P8Iedlno 
Guatdlan Reporter 

The 11th-annual San Diego Film 
Festival (SDFF), a four-
month long showing of in-
ternational films at 
UCSD's Mandeville Au-
ditorium, kicked off its 
new season last week. 

Considering the mea-
ger budget artistic director 
Ruth Baily and her assis-
tant. David Hunter, had to 
work with, the festival .,hould be an 
amazing accompli~hmenl. The films 
are primarily imported from around 
the ~orld and will be premiering in 
San Diego. 

Baily, a fonner UCSD vbual arts 
student, and Hunter, a current UCSD 
visual arts major, chose the titles after 
screening the many submissions they 
received this season. Over the years, 
the amount of submissions has in-

creased. While this has allowed for 
more films to be premiered, it has also 
stiffened the selection process. 

"We have a certain 
standard for what we con-
sider eligible for the festi-
val," Hunter said. "You 
might think that we just 
expect a lot. But when you 
watch a pile of tapes and 
you see one that's won-
derful. you realize that 
that's our purpose - to 

bring the crcam-of-the-crop, the most 
touching films, even if they don't 
have a high budget. If something re-
ally just penetrates us, then we show 
it." 

Baily and Hunter try to create an 
environment which exposes viewers 
to different cultures and ideas in an 
enjoyable manner. 

"We try to bring films in from 
outside that will never be shown any-

where else, to expand people's film 
horizons," Baily said. 

The festival, continuing on most 
Tuesdays from now until June 4, aims 
to create a community of artists and 
film lovers, unlike many film festi-
vals with primarily commercial inter-
ests. 

"It's a different philosophy that 
we have. II's not a marketplace," Baily 
said. 

"Each night, the audience ranges 
from high school kids to 90-ycar-
old~," Hunter said. "This really be-
comes a relationship with the com-
munity." 

The SDFF continues to grow. At 
a time of diminishing funding for the 
arts, there are still those who struggle 
to find a place for quality an. 

For more infonnation on the film 
festival and the avai labi lity of student 
passcs (a bargain at $35), call 534-
4559. 

Bring in your color print film to be developed 
at either the Sunshine Store or Revelle Sundry Score 

between Fe;bruary Ilth - 17th and 
recieve 1 sets of beautiful color prints 

PLUS a "Valentine's Sweet Treat" 
at no extra charge (while supplies last!) 

You can share the double prints and 
our free gift with your sweetie ... 

and make Valentine's Day that much better I 

the choice. is yours, 

FeIIIwry 12 
FeIIIwry 13 
FeIIIwry 18 
Felllwry20 
Felllwry22 
Felllwryrt 

MM:h5 
March 12 
M.rch 14 
M.rch 26 
M.rch 29 

ApI 2 
ApI 9 
Apl1S 
Apl1S 
ApI 23 
ApI 30 

.. Thunday, February 8, 1996 

Antonia's Li1e ...... 
ErermI Empie K.cIIa. 
'MlO Is the Monster-'fbu Or Me? Gem8Iy 
RI.ntlIe in the BronK HDlWKaIC 
Hate .... 
The Most Tenble Ttrre of ~ life 

--
loNUfe USA 
life & Death rJ the HoIt,wood Kij KaNa 
Horseman on the Roof RaIC8 
Metal Skin ". AI .... 
The Fortress Czech Republic 

A Couple d 1lYee SpI*I 
Mushrooms AuItraIa 
TheIMfe USA 
All Men Are rv10rtaI EiWInf 
Short N'Iitlt vadouI 
INtTy Wasn't He There? tucarY 

Passage to the Black Mountain 
Letters From the East 
WaofCobxs 
Cuestion de Fe 
Daibyonin 

A Feast at Midnight 
Marcus Lobbla/ Guardian 

STOMP: 'It's 
hard work' 
Continued from page H7 
wa take the dynamics of the stage 
performances and put them 
through these new outlets. ] ' m pari 
of the New York cast, and we did 
a series for Nickelodeon, "Mr. 
Frear' s Ears," which they thought 
up en tirely. 
Have you seen any of 
Stomp!'. work becoming a 
trend? 

Oh yeah, you can see it in dif-
ferent commercials all over the 
place. Stomp! did a series of com-
mercials for Target , as well as the 
"Icc Pick" commercial for Coca-
Cola and the Hei neken com mer-
cials. 1 think you can defini tely 
sec it as a thing people arc jump-
ing on. 
How do you like performing 
your act on television? 

I've done Oprah and Regis and 
Kathy Lee wi th the group, and the 
only thi ng that's different is that 
when you look at the show, the sound 
on TV is never quite right. It 's really 
disappointing for us when we watch 
it later. You need to be in a live 
audience to get into it. 
Have there been gimmicks 
that you've tried out in your 
show. and ccJIIIIIrt work out? 

Yes, definitely. We try different 
things every night - some of them 
are great, and some of them never 
work out. It's got a lot to do with 
timing and how the audience takes 
them. 

FREE ElIc.YSIS 
Free consultall\lf1 anJ Innaallrt3lment. $25 \'ilJUt 
F,N·"me chenlS only W"h th~aJ . EKr 2129/%. 
I'n ... UT ( ~ IH.AOW$ 
."ElI' ) '" UPPEA lIP 
.UIUll£ UCK 

(
CHIN 

'.~ I'A FORMULA 
SKIN CARl 

liZ block 
fTOm UCSD 
RelaXing, 

J UNDIRAR MS IRIASTS 
Frl~~ fiNGERS 

J , LEGS 

":i!JfICe. roES Lexander's ELECTROLYStS 
& Skin elITe Cliruc 

1112 •• Llllf CT, IIZI 
Ll "ILLI C •• PlUTE CEI'E. 

558-0888 

'QIul'$day, February 8, 1996 

REGENT: 
Campbell seeks to 
end student post 
ContInued from ..... 2-
personal problems they may have with 
the one individual who happens to 
hold the office now." 

CumntStudent Regent Ed Gomez 
was unavailable for comment. al-
though a IeUer he rdeased Tuesday 
warned students of Campbell's pr0-
posal and urged them to protest it by 
calling their local regents. 

'The only thing between Jess 
[Bravin] and his taki", the position in 
July is an Action Item on the Feb. 15 
agenda," the Ieuer stared. "SP-I7 ... 
would abolish the position of student 
regent." 

The UC Student Association also 
denounced SP-I 7. accusing the re-
gents of being unwilling to work with 
their constituents. 

"It epitomizes all the attacks the 
regents have made on the faculty, the 
president and the students in the last 
few years," UCSA Executive Direc-
tor Kimi Lee said. 

SP-17 is characteristic of the way 
the board treats students in general, 

BALLOT: 
Results are now 
forwarded to ueop 
ContInued from PIC. 3 
or national origin as a criterion for 
admission to the University of Cali-
fornia, while faculty at UCSD, 46 
percent, and ue Irvine, 37 percent, 
were least likely to favor these factors 
as criteria in admissions. 

Nevertheless, certain faculty 
members saw the mail-ballot results 
as a reaffirmation of the faculty's 
resolve. 

"For the government and the re-
gents, [ affinnative action] is a po~ti­
cal issue with great importance to the 
1996 election. They don't care what it 
means to implemenlthisatthe univer-
sity level," Lipsitz said. 'This vote is 
a ringing endorsement of affirmative 
action." 

Pashler,too,praisedtheAcademic 
Senate mail ballot. ''The beauty of a 
secret ballot is that illetspeople speak 
their minds," he said. 

The results of the mail ballot have 
been forwarded to UC President Ri-
chard Atkinson. 

UCSD Graduate Student Association 
President Steve Dubb said. 

"First. they cut the amount of 
speaking time students "ve. Second. 
they refused to give their consider-
ation regarding the restrictions on stu-
dents lobbying the legislature. And 
now, they're trying to take away our 
sole representative on the board," 
Dubb said. "It's kind of amazing that 
they feel thrcalcnod, having a single 
student out of 26 on the board." 

ASUCSD President Naomi Fallt 
said that although the student-regent 
position has never been a particularly 
influential one, Campbell's attempt 
to eliminate it is a hannful idea. 

"I don't think the student-regent 
position has ever had an immense 
amount of power, [and] I don't think 
there's ever been an instance when 
the student regent's vote was the de-
ciding vote on an issue," Fallt said. 
"[But] I really feel thai Campbell's 
action is an attack on students and 
their role in the university." 

Bravin added that the 21 student 
regents before him had made impor-
tant contributior.s to the uni versity . 

''The men and women who have 
prcccdcd me have been among the 
most distinguished members of the 

The UCSD Guardian 

[Uq Board of Regents," he said. "I 
don't think there's anyone - except 
perflaps Regent Campbell - who 
would deny that fact" 

However, Campbell said he 
doubted thai the student regent was an 
impo!1alt, or even necessary, part of 
the board. 

"I've always ~ in principle 
against having a student regent." 
Campbell said. "I was on the [Uq 
Board of Regents for years when they 
didn't have a studcrt regent. and ev-
erythi", seemed to work fine." 

The student-regent position was 
created in November 1974, when 
Califomia voteB approved legisla-
tion which would amend the Stale 
constitution to include student and 
faculty regents (Proposition 4). 

The Board of Regents approved a 
recommendation to appoint an ex-
pcrirncIUI student regent in February 

197~, and the first student regent was 
then appointed in June 1975. 

Campbell, one of the five regents 
who voted against theoriginal student 
regent, was appointed to the UC Board 
of Regents in 1968 by then-Gov. 
Ronald Reagan. 

Campbell's tcnnexpireson March 
1,1996. 

1/!n~!!tce 
Mon. Tues. & Wed. non-holldavs 
$1O/clAy .. ,$ IZ/nlsht 

Get Your 
Valentine 
Classified 

, , 
• 

inMonday'. 
Cuardian! 

The deadline i& 4 pm today! Look 'or our 
Love Cart in the Price Center and you 
can submit one, or go to our office 
upstairs in the Old Student Centerl 

Summer Help Needed 
in Latin Alnerica 

Have a summer full of adventure. and invest in your future 
career while working as a community health volunteer! 

Skit .. DeyclQpcd 
Communication 
Leadership 
Interpersonal 
Foreign Language 
Cross-Cultural Sensitivity 
Management 
O rganizational 

AJ'PUC:&1I0. 
DJWB.ID U 1IAl":U I. 
Al· ... T TODAYI 

Pmjects Adminjatered 
Community Sanitation 
Human Immunizations 
Rabies Vaccinations 
Environmental Education 
Dental Hygiene 
HIV Prevention Education 

~ .8 $t.l r I.ane 
Houston, 1 X 77057 
800-231-7796 

Countries $crved 
Mexico 
Honduras 
Costa Rica 
Dominican Republic 
Ecuador 
Paraguay 
Brazil 

Scholarships available. 

CUBA: Ponce 
blames emigration 
on U.S. propaganda 
ContInued from pce 1 

Ponce also accepted questions 
from the audience about Cuba and 
its relations with the United States. 

Oneaudicnce member asked why 
the United States is afraid of Cuba. 
and Ponce replied that Cuba is a 
successful model of a socialist 
economy. 

"We are an example that [the 
United States] cannot afford [to ac-
knowledge]," he said. "There was 
one report saying that Cuba was on 
the verge of becoming a showcase 
of socialism in this hemisphere." 

Ponce added that Cuba's one-
party political system is morcdemo--
cratic than the two-pany system in 
the United States because party poli-
tics do not enter into the equation. 

"You are not elected because 
you have money," he said. "You are 
not allowed to have political cam-
paigns." 

When another audience member 
asked Ponce why so many Cubans 
are emigrating to the United States, 

NEWS II 

Ponce replied that Voice of America 
radio broadcasts paint an overly 
bright picture of life in the United 
States. 

"America has been a pole of 
attraction to many Cubans ... be-
cause they are subjected to thou-
sands of hours of radio broadcasts 
telling them that this is the land of 
plenty," he said. "Several people 
left because of that propaganda." 

Ponce ended his lecture by urg-
ing the audience to call for an end to 
the United States' 30-year-old em-
bargo against Cuba. The embargo 
was imposed in an effon to forcethe 
communist nation to carry outdcmo-
cratic refonns. 

Ponce graduated with a degree 
injoumalism from the University of 
Havana in 1972. He served in.the 
Prensa Larilfll news service and was 
the first secretary of the Cuban 
Embassy to the Rt:public of Angola. 

Ponce is currently the first secre-
tary and spokesman for the Cuban 
Interest Section of the Swiss Em-
bassy in Washington, D.C. Because 
the United Statcs does not maintain 
diplomatic relations with Cuba, the 
Swiss Embassy acts as an interme-
diary. 

•
·'f.t!4 SYRACUSE 
NJ"V;. A B R 0 A 0 

• 

• 

• 

• 

• 

• 

• 

HONG KONG 
A K~y AO\j~\ Ti\GE 

TO yo~,~ C;J~EER 

Professional and liberal 
arts counes 

Internships with 
International firms 

Traveling seminar In 
BeiJIng, 
Shanghai & 
Hong Kong 

Instruction In English 

Chinese language 
courses 

AffIliation with the 
University of Hong Kong 

Ten scholarships 
available for fall 

SYRACUSE UNIVERSITY 
DMsIoN OF INTERNATIONAl. 

PRoGRAMs AaRWl 
119 EUClID AVENJE 

SvRAcusE, NEw YORK 132444170 

1-800-235-3472 
DlPAOsuADMN.8YR.BlU 

.-

. -

'. 



J J.l:LASSlFlEDS 

\ \ '\()I \{ I \ l' \ ''''' 
Clubs, organizations, I Greeks-
Incre .. e membership, PR, and 
awareness in the Guardian 
amouncemenIa. (818) 
UC80 Pop""'" There are onty 
two days left to I)liIIicize yow feelings 
to yourself. aigniIicant 0Iher. and to 
your mother in the Guardian 
Valentine's Day Issue, 2112196. Look 
for the cruisin' LIN Cart at the Price 
Center or drop by our office above the 
General StoreICo-op. (218) 
Membersl Get ready for the annual 
~a Kappa Psi ski trip. For only 
$10. it·s soooo affordablel (218) 
Chinese New Year Fest- Fri. 2123. 
4:30-10 pm OPrice Center (theater 
& Chun King Lou). Info-Hong, 678-
0332. (2112-2115) 
Noon AJ-Arton Meeti~ Thursdays, 
12-1 pm. Suite 406, T~ Pinel 
Center· SouIh. For infomllllon, «*I 
Michelle, 534-5523. ~4) 
MlirSeniorsI AudiIIoneforGrac1Jation 
Speaker are Friday, Februacy23. Call 
Shaman in the Dean's office. 534-
3687. for aucltion Info. (218-2122) 
Multicullural Leader1hip Day Retreat-
Sunday, February 25th, 9:30-5:00. 
Workshops on gender roles, 
communication styles, and cdtural 
awarenesa. AI studIntI welcome, 
Registration deadline is Friday, 
February 18. Only $3.00, Includes 
lunch. Sponsored by the Student 
Affirmative ActIon Committee(SAAC) 
and the Student AfIIrmative ActIon I 
Human Relations Ptogrema. 534-
6708 for more intonnallon to sign up! 

African-Americana at UCSD: 
Friday. February9th from 12:00-1:00 
at the Cross-Cultural Center. Panel 
presentationfeeturing students, staff, 
and faculty who will share their 
experiences and perapeatives as 
African-Americans on campus, Co-
sponsored by Student Affirmative 
Action & Human Relations Progrsms, 

The UCSD Guardiap 

CLASSIFIEDS 
Classified advenising is sold in 20-word incretlents. The rale per 20 wo~ is $2 for s~udents. (for 
persofllJl use only). $3 for faculty and staff and $4 for others. Payme~t In advance IS ~equ"ed; 
therefore. ads must be mailed with a check (made payable to UCSDGuard.an) or present~d ~n person. 
Deadlines are 3 p.m. Thursday for Monday 's issue, and 3 p.m. Mo~y for Thursday ~ ISS~. The 
Guardian reserves the right to refust' any advenising including but not I,m lied to companIonshIp ads. 
For more information call 534-5416. Mailing address: UCSD Guardian. Attn: Classifieds. 9500 
Gilnwn Drive. 0316, fA Jolla. CA 92093-0316. Actual location: Student Center A, top floor. 

Cross-Cultural Center. and Black 
Staff Association. 534-670819689 
for more info. (218) 
Israeli & International Folk Dancing. 
$1.00. La Jolla Village Square 
Convnunity Room. Saturdays 7:30 
pm. Spectators welcome. Fun, 
friencly and cultural experience. 469-
9559 (215-2120) 
Warren Orientation Leaders needed. 
Great benefits, great people, great 
fun. Apply in Warren Dean's Office. 
Literature Bldg. '3240. 534-4731 

Interested In the Peace Corps? Meet 
returned Peace Corps volunleers: 
Sat., 2110. 9-11 am 0 "A betterworkf". 
call Sharon. 455-0157. (215-218) 
Was your car unfairly towed from 
Torrey Pines Rd. on 1123? We're 
working to get our money backl Call 
Chuck 0277-3764. (1129-218) 
Valentine gifts of love or friendship-
Beaded necklaces by Lia. On sale at 
Coop and Craft Center. Check it outl 

Raffle for free Kaplan class, value of 
$825.001 Sign up 1129-2112 at Revelle 
Dean's Office tor $2.00. (1129-218) 

1\11'1 (" \lFYI 
Macintosh .nthusiastsl Cruise 
Headquarter- part time computerl 
travel assistant. $8.OOIhr. 15 hrs.l 

week. Very flexible hours! 5 min 
drive from UCSD. Starting nowl 
Interested? CaH Barbare 0453-
1201. (218-2112) 
Being Fit Fitness Centers is hiring 
saIesIIitness instructors. Part time & 
full tine. Please call 549-3456. (218-
2/22) 
Web Head. an online marketing 
company. is looking for system 
administrators and intemet related 
programmers. This is a. pa~d 
internship that win allow you to gain 
esseOOalwork experience. Interested 
students should e-rnailqualifications 
& course work to 
eHookerOeworkl.com. (218-2112) 
Receptionist/Secretary. part-time for 
sma. COf'I1I8Ily in Sorrento Valley 
area. Please call 638-2020. (218-21 
12) 
Driver. carpool help. 2-4 pm. Monday 
through Friday. $&'hour. Own car. 
(819)270-3538. May apply for 
individual days. (215-2112) 

-----

RESTAURANT BLUES: I spent 2 
years bartending as a 21 year old 
trying to pay my way through colege. 
I recently joined an environmental 
marketing firm and earned over 
$3400 in my first month. I've recently 
relocated in S.D and I'm looking for a 
few self driven individuals to work wi 
to do the same. 455-9886 (215-2112) 
Eam $200-$400 a week. Work 2-3 
hrs. in evenings. Set appts. for free 
security system. Mr. Graven. 571-
7785. (215-218) 

estate office. Good cOf'l'l1unication. 
computer. writing. property 
management. neat apearance. 
S5.5Mlr. Can Paul Yancey, 222-
9483. (215-218) 
Student Works Painting is hiring 
brench operators for summer of 1996. 
Duties include: marketing/sales/ 
production management. Avg. 
stl'Ylmer eamings $8,000. Call800-
394-6000. (211-4/1) 
Violin instructor needed. 2 lessons 
per week. Spanish conversationalist 
needed; help me with my Spanish. 
Excellent pay. CaN 756-9555. (1129-
218) 
Secure that summer job now! Great 
for students. Room + board and 
more. Order now. 1-800-854-<4848. 
Not a Ef11). Agent. (1129-2129) 
$1750 weekly possible mailing our 
circulars. No experience required. 
Begin now. For info. call 301-306-
1207. (1125-9125) 
Part·time help needed. Make 
between $200-$400 per month. 
Interested? Call Shani at 457-4299. 
leave message. (1122-218) 
Teach EngUsh in Eastern Europe-
Conversational English teachers 
needed in Prague, Budapest, or 
Krekow. No teaching certificate or 
European languages required. 
Inexpensive Room & Board + other 
benifits. For info. call (206)971-3680 
ext. K59761 . (1/16-2115) 

5emestII; --cnI Year Prutdlb 

Part-time work. Articulate and 
enthusiastic student needed for 
telemariceting posillon for stockbroker 
in La Jolla. No sales involved and will 
train. business majors preferred and 
should "ave interest in the Financial 
Markets. SSlhr + bonus. Call James 
at 456-3690. (215-2112) 

Fastfundraiser- Raise$SOO in 5 days-
Greeks. groups, clubs. motivated 
individualS. Fast. easy- no financial 
obligation. (800)862-1982 EXT. 33 
(1116-5116) 
Articulate. enthusiastic students 
wanted -to help raise money for 
UCSD. $6Ihr. plus bonus. Contact 
UCSD Telephone Outreach 
Program. 535-1433. (1/8-2127) 

Ecuador • Spoil England. France 
(om • Mexico 

Chile .Itu~ 

Ecanam 

E",,_ 
~"""""ond 
.... LMgI-. fJngIe 
........... $ 
104.00 .,.Up 39 102.00.,.. 
...... .t. 

COWRID LENsa 
.... .,...-. ·1~9 
......... • ... ·m 
._,.... .. , . 
..... -... ............. 

..... --............... :=::-.. , e ye _ ....... 

0Ifere .. p. 3/lIIM 

Excel Telecommunications-looking 
for full or part-time managing 
representatives. For information to 
join our team, can 688-7333. (215-21 
20) 
Office Assistant: 12 to 15 flexible 
hours per week in Point Loma real 

BOOK Now 
FOR 

SPRING BREAK 
Mexico 
Millmi 
New York 
Tokyo 
LonCion 
hris 
F ..... kfurt 
AmsterdaM 

$112· 
$142· 
$185· 
$265· 
$209· 
$209· 
$229· 
$2"· 

CRUISE SHIPS NOW HIRING -
EARN UP TO $2.000+/month 
working on Cruise Ships or Land 
Tour companies, World travel. 
Seasonal and full-time employment 
available. No experience necessary. 
For more information call 1-206-971-

Thursday, February 8, 1996 

3550 ext. C§9762. (1~2115). 
TRAVEL ABROARD AND WORK -
Make up to $25-45Itv. teachingbasic 
conversational English in Japan, 
Taiwan or S. Korea. No teaching 
background or Asian languages 
required. For information caN 1-206-
971-3550 ext. C59762. (118-2115). 
NATIONAL PARKS HIRING -
Positions are now available at 
National Parks, Forests and Wildlife 
Preserves. Excellent benefits and 
bonuses. 1-206-971-3550 ext. 
C59762. (1/8-2115). 

1I0l SI\C 
Large room in condo, $325. WID. 
pool, park. 5 min. from campus. 
Friendlyenvironment. Availablenowl 
Page 960-6519 or cal 455-5519. (21 
8-2112) 
Studio roomlfumished. Bird RockJI..a 
Jolla, $455/mo. Utilities paid. 1 
block from ocean with private 
entrance. Microwave/refrig. Very 
quiet, no pets/smoking. Day 236-
6574. Evening 459-4865. (218-2120) 
Roommate wanted: DelMar, female, 
nonsmoker. considerate. clean. Own 
roorTlltlath, in new condo. $425 + 11 
2 utilities. Brit, 259-8960. (218-2120) 
Female, non-smoker. MUST be 
considerate and responsible. Family 
oriented neighborhood near C8fT1lUS. 
$325 + 1/4 utilities for single rm. No 
pets. 455-5519 (218-2112)] 
Apartmentrnate needed! 1 mile from 
campus wlfull bathroom fully 
furnished o Nobel Court. $500. 587-
9287 (218-2120) 
Room for rent: $250 + 1/4 utilities. 
Mira Mesa West Newer house incls-
furniture. mother/dryer. Female 
preferred. Non-smoker. Call Wendy. 
578-8683. (218-2122) 
Room for rent, South Mesa- $3211 
month plus elec .• upstairs. Must be 
UCSD grad student, neat. free 
thinking. no tobacco smoke. Call for 
apt . info. 677-0607, e-mail 
charris@weber.ucsd.edu (218-2115) 
La Jolla/UTC. $300 rent plus 1/3 
utilities. Own room. great location. 
washer/dryer. parking, pool. jacuzzi. 
dishwasher. microwave. more. 587-
2743 (218) 
Roommate wanted. Malelfemale. 
Single room. $3151mo + 1/4 uti!. 5 
min. from campus. UTC area. 
Available now. 677-9980 (215-2112) 
$285/mo .• single, 10 min. from 
campus. Live with cool roommates 
in quiet neighborhood. Chris, 549-
3530. (215-2112) 
Roommate wanted to share master 
bedroom and bath in La Jolla Colony. 
Prefer non-smoking male. Washerl 

Thunday, February 8.1996 

dryer, garage, pool, and spa. $3251 
mo. Call <458-0687. AvaHabie now. 
(215-2115) 
Buyll Deduct loan interest I Build 
your eqlity insted of your landlords I 
Walk to UCSD. 1 br. condos from 
$106,000. 2 br. condos from 
$117.500. Frig, WID. garage. pool 
Marietta Powers GAl. Broker. 459-
6944. Serving San Diego since 1974. 
(215-314) 
For rent- 2 br. upper unit, pool. spa, 
garage. frig. wId. Walk to UCSD. 
$800. M. Powers. 459-060 1. (215-21 
22) 
Roommate needed, malelfemale for 
own room in Del Mar house. Ocean 
view. pool. wash/dryer. $350 + 1n 
utilities. 794-7037 (215-218) 
This is ~I Big semifumished bdrm. wi 
large desk and twin bed. Located in 
Furnished Townhouse. Interested? 
Call 587-8670. (1129-218) 
Ncn-smoking female wanted. 
Beautiful condo in La Jolla Colony. 
Huge master bedroom. private 2 car 
garage. fireplace. full size washerl 
dryer. No pets. S45O/month, 112 
utilities. Call Laura at 273-5493. 
Available ASAP. (1/29-218) 
live one mile from campus! Easy 
going student wanted. Own room. 
covered parking. laundry, close to 
grocery. S340 a month + 1/4 utilities. 
Avail. February 1. Call 450-2971 . (1 1 
22-2112) 
OWN YOUR OWN HOME-SAVE 
RENT DOlLARS. Special Savings 
UCSD staff & students. Walk UCSD. 
1,2,3br.condos.S120.000+. Houses 
$195.000+. La Jolla. Univ. City. 
Clairemont, Mira Mesa. & 
surrounding. Area Realtor 13 years 
experience. Judith Haddox. Re/Max 
Assoc. 274-44n. (1/8-218) . 

FOR S\LE 
Coolest deal in the worldl Aren't you 
tired of sleeping on the floor? Well,try 
sleeping on a futon frame. The !ulon 
frame's in good condition. no 
scratches. and you can have it for 
only 50 bucks. Call 622,0365. (218-
2115) 
6 Disc CD Changer(Sansui) wlextra 
magazines(Pioneercar/home type). 
plays perfectly. fully programmable. 
remote. $50 aBO; Clothes ract(white 
steel) w/5 sliding drawers. $45 aBO; 
Floor lamp wfthree adjustable light 
attachments. $30 aBO. Call 552-
0299. (218-2112) 
Prince CTS Thunderstick 110 tennis 
racket. new griplbag. ~ke new; G & S 
"Shannon May" skateboard. 
scratchless deck ... perfect condition; 
Burton snowboard pants- worn 
trice(eachSSOOBO). Call 552-0299. 
(218-2112) 

Sega GeneIiI wI2 gMleS, $70.00; 
NBA Live '96, $40; Sony dual cassette 
deck. $40. 628-3532(218-2112) 
Snowboard: Lamar Ranquet with .". 
withoutblndings. Used 3 times. $280 
080. Snowboard pants, $80 080. 
Must see. 453-7532 (218) 
Dining Room Set. Cor1teq)orary 

glass table wl4highbackedmUlicolor 
pastel chairs. Must sell ASAP! 654-
4700. $250 080. (218) 
Windows 95 Upgrade! Unregistered. 
$65.00. Intel CPU DX-33. $15.00. 
Call 590-8493. (218) 
For sale: Men's rollerblades. 9 112. 
kneelwrist pads. $100; Cooney & 
Buricepurse, zipper-top. new, 575.00; 
Chafing dish. new. $35.00. 454-
6462 (215-218) 
Macintosh PowerBook 150 for sale-
8 MB RAM, 120 MB Hard Drive. lots 
of software, barely used. Box. 
Manuals. $850. 531-8068 (215-2112) 
Macintosh SEl30. 8 MB RAM, 40 MB 
HD. Keyboard. mouse. modem. 
software. $450. Printer. Apple 
StyleWriteril . $150. Call 531-8183. 
(215-2112) 
Scooter-Yamaha Riva 180. 1985, 
great condition. new battery, 
automatic . freeway-legal . very 
economical. black. $470. Includes 
lock and helmet. 558-1477 (211-218) 

\\. \\TLD 
UCSD Medical Center at Hillcrest 
needs healthy volunteers, ages 18 to 
55. for a 2-3 hour "Eyeblink Study". 
S5Ihour plus paricing. Ca:1 Pattie at 
543-2314. (218) 
Counselors: CAMP WAYNE. brotherl 
sister camp. Pennsylvania. 6120.81 
18196. Have the most memorable 
summer of your life! Counselors 
needed for: Tennis. Swim (W.S.I. 
preferred). Basketball. Softball. 
Volleyball . Soccer. Goll. Self-
Defense, Gymnastics, Cheerleading. 
Aerobics. NaturelCamping, Ropes. 
Piano. Guitar. Ceramics. Jewelry. 
Batik. Sculpture. Drawing/Painting. 
Silkscreen. Other staff: Group 
Leaders. Bookkeeper. DriverNideo/ 
Photography, Chef and assistant. 
Many other positions. On campus 
Interviews February 29th. Call 1-
800-279-3019 for information. (218-
3/11) 
Allergy Study: Subjects who are 
allergic to inhaled allergens(dust. 
grass. animals) needed as blood 
donors. Will be reimbursed $35.00 
for blood donation. 534-2374 (218-21 
12) 
Frat~maVldentical twins needed for 
a paid UCSD psychology experiment. 
$10 for one houri Jeff. 534-6283. (21 
5-3/14) 

WarldTaach is Iaaking lar ,.apIa 
who han a mind to tranI. 

IIiWorldTeach 
'- Call 1-(800) 4-TEA.CH-O 

The UCSD Guardian 

HeaIIhy volunteers ages 18 to 45 
years old are needed to participate in 
a study examining the effect of sound 
on the eyeblink reflex at the UCSD 
Medical Center in Hillcrest. Free 
shuttle transportation is available. 
Compensation will be provided. Call 
543-2494 for information. (215-2129) 
Needed: Infants 0-4 months for vision 
study. Leam what your baby sees; 
eam $5Ihrl Dr. Karen Dobkins. 
Psychology Department. 822-0642. 
(211-2129) 
Wanted: Asthmatics or exercise 
induced asthmatics. UCSD Sports 
Medicine is conducting a study on 
excercise induced asthma. If you 
are 18 or older and think you have it. 
call Kevin Kenney at (619)550-7017 
(1129-218) 
Needed: Pro Audio Spectrum 16 
sound card pre-1994 (new or used). 
Desperetely needed for research to 
use with specialized software. Will 
pay $200 or buy a new replacement 
sound board of your choice. Please 
contact Lea Ann at 534-8816. (1/29-
218) 
Wanted: Volunteers to assist students 
v.;thdisabilities. Please contact Office 
for Students with DisabilitieS/OSD. 
University Center 202. Phone: 534-
4382 (1129-218) 
FREE research study available for 
migraines. Suitable volunteers. 18 
or older. benefit from medical 
evaluations and cere by a board-
certified physician. Travel payment. 
Call 554"()100. Feighner Research 
Institute. (1/22-2115) 
SUBJECTS PAID for a study on 
alcohol's effects. If you are a 
Japanese. Chinese, or Korean. 
American-bom male, call VA Medical 
Center for more information. 552-
8585 X2182. (1/16-3114) 

SER\'J( TS 
Psychotherapy: Individuals and 
couples therapy. in a supportive and 
caring environment, to help you deal 
with personal. family & school 
pressures. relationship issues. 
depression. loss, anxiety, pregnancy. 
self-esteem. motivation, career 
issues. and others. LauriKolt. Ph.D .• 
Psychologist. La Jolla. 452-7600. (21 
8) 
PhlebotomylM.D. Cert. by Wagner 
Training Institue. State reg . 
#36003331 . Call today for class 
nearest you. 1-800-845-8353 (218-
2122) 
Tennis Instruction. Prive courts near 
UCSD. ball machine. Latest modern 
techniques. All levels. Low rate + 
student discount! Call Gary. 455-
6612. (218) 
Wordprocessing: Legal/Executive 

secretary will type student papers. 
business correspondence.I"IIUme8. 
Fast tumaround. convenient Gilman 
location. reasonable rates, call 453-
4991 . (211 -2120) 
Tutoring: Math. Physics, Chemistry, 
Computer Programming. and 
Engineering classes. Help with 
homework. Test preparation . 
Individual or groups. Mar!(, 221 -
7176. (1129-2112) 
Attention sports fansl! Tired of losing? 
Be a winne"! Call and talk with our 
sports c.vnsultants FREE!! Prol 
College. (310)730-2437. (1129-2129) 
Phlebotomy certification course, by 
W.T.I. State certified by 2nd day. 
Also 17 cont. Education hrs. for L VN 
and RN. Call today! 1-800-845-
8353 (1129-218) 
Travel-Best fares-World-Wide. Call 
now- save $$$. Mon.-Fri. 5:30-
9:30pm. Sat. 9:00-noon. 546.'/831 
(1/18-511'1 ) 
EPISCOPAL STUDENT 
ASSOCIATION Eucharist every 
Wed. S-5:30pm in the Intemational 
Center. Free dinner/discussion 
following the service. Info call (619) 
534-2537. (1/8-3114) 
Math Tutoring in your home. Get 
course assistance while developing 
math fundamentals. Mention this ad 
for UCSD student discount. (619) 
583-4426. (10/26-2129) 
ATTENTION ALL STUDENTSI 
Grants & Scholarships availablel 

CLASSIFIEDS 13 

Billions of $$$ in private funding. 
Qudfy 1mrnecIateIy. HI00·AID-2-
HELP (1-800-243-2435). (1J8.414). 
FREE FINANCIAL AID! Over S6 
biUion in public and private sector 
grants & scholarships is now 
available. All students are eligible 
regardless of grades. income. or 
patent's income. Call 1-8()()..263-
6495 ext F59762. (118 -2115). 
Scholarship Locaters- We w~llocate 
sources of free money for you. 
Guaranteed results. Free 
information. 689-1608 (11/16-2112) 
Grants and scholarships are 
available. Billions of dollars in grants. 
Qualify immediately. 1-800-243-2435 
(1-8()().AID-2-HElP). (10/26-2115) 
Word Processing manuscripts. 
dissertations. books. business. 
applications. resumes. editing. 
Accurate. fast . confidential. Mary 
Ann. (619) 452-9439. (10/26-4125) 

I.OS r \\1) HH \1) 
Lost: Gold earring with hanging pearl. 
Wednesday. 1/23. east side Mayer 
Hall. High sentimental value- 534-
2493 (215-218) 

PI·.I{S() \ \ LS 
I refuse to believe that the bum walked 
away from me because I started a 
conversation with himl (218) 

• 

Yan Yans. (218) 

II'rll_I_111 1_llItlrlll 
1IIIrlClilICI •• llicllills. 
From .' c:an.-1SSiaft 10 1m cpIics 10 NICId inIIIrIcIM irIb1IIIion IWgaIOrs. GeneIaI mNNIIIls 1m ,,*In II .'1ecImIogIes nec:esay 10 dMIap lie bI.mI delivery ~ l1li. *M die aNIgIIICI ~ h~ ..... c:onsuner electronics RI 
....1I .. 1eIMion iIdu*ies. Dllnewlldllology will gIwe Cable tv CUSIOmer$ mss /0 a bIuI 
rqe aI inIInc:M nUlillldlleIVices. Wt iIMII you 10 join lie .. hils IIIIngInQ the poweI ~ com-
PI*B 10 caIe /eIe¥isIon. 
We now 1M excIlng ojJpoItooHies in two ~ !he ""'$ most scenic Ioc*ns: San Otego, one 01 
CltibIU's IQIIIief aIISIII comnUIities; RI HIIboIo. Pa.syIvD, nesIIId between fie Pocono 
MIuIIIifts RI /he _ Shore . • you would 1II1II10 1Inow ..... you lit in. come to 011 on campus semi-
,. /lie _ng ~ Feb. 13th. or visll 011 WflbsiIe' .:/fWW ..... 

• General Instrument 

• COMMUNICATION SYSTEMS 
• NETWORKING 
• DIGITAl/ANALOG DESIGN 
• ¥lSI 
• HARDWARE 
• FIRMWARE 
• TEST 
• SOF1WARE 
We oIII!r ~li'Ie ~ion 100 bene-
fils pacIraQes. For priority cansidelalion, send 
yoIf ,..,.10 the GanIIII etnrnenIlocaIion 

~ yoIf choice: AlII: III, IZI2 lilt 1IIt.. 
...... , CA 12121 (E .... : 
II'I@II_I " AlII: 
IIR. P.O ..... ,"*'t. 
PA1 ....... EOE. 

ABOImON TO 24 WEEKS 
(General or Local Anesthesia) 

Pregnancy T .. tI", . ' . 
Early PNgnancy Tat " 

(immedlilte Test Resultal$ 
'I . . ..' .' ' 

, : 



) 

14 SPORTS 

Rugby 

With a lineup fealuring charac-
lers like ''I1Ie Man" and "Bowling 
Ball," !he UCSD rugby team has 

been rollingover!hecom-
petition of 1aIe. 

The ruggers from 
San Diego blanked 
lasl year's Sou!hem 

California Collegiate champ uet, 
47-0 on Saturday. The victory lifted 
their pedect league record 10 3-0 and 
clinched a posl-season spot. 

TIJe serums and lineouts were 
dominated by UCSD 10 the poinl 
where !he occasional firsl-phase 
ball won by Irvine was surprising. 

getting the ball, so I had no oppor-
tunities to make tackles." 

The Irvine backs may have been 
inlentionally avoiding Ihe punish-
ing tackler. LaSI year, Brown look 
home Ihe coveted Hammer award 
- a prize given 10 the mosl nOiori-
ous heavy-hiller in the league. 

The 47 points UCSD scored 
were evenly distributed among 
team members. As usual, forward 
Dan ''The Man" Brislin paced 
UCSD with three tries. Team cap-
tain Ryan Kent scored a try with a 
punishing run Ihrough an Irvine 
player at the try line. 

The UCSD Guardian 

Bouton pass for a try. 
Even the two rookie starters for 

UCSD gOI into the seoring attack. 
Dave Owens chipped in five points 
on a try and Andrew "Wilma" 
Wilga converted three kicks. 

"I was gelling bored oUI there," 
UCSD back Shammas "Velvet" 
Brown said. "Irvine's backs weren't 

Paul Walker benefited from the 
unselfish play of junior Bob 
Bouton, as he converted a bri lliant 

The UCSD ruggers have a bye 
this weekend, as they prepare for 
the grueling OMBAC Tourney in 
Mission Beach on Feb. 17 and 18. 
The tournament will be running all 
day on Saturday and Sunday. Ad-
mission is free and a beer tent will 
beset upon Sunday. The event will 
be a great chance to see some of the 
best college scrummers in the Slate, 
including squads from Berkeley 
and Stanford. 

-ByM ........ 
See p: UCSD embarrassed UC 
Irvine 4H). 

They sIJelled it out for your orthodontist bills. 

And forked, It over for that fish tank accident. 
Yet they still insist you call collect. 

lbuched by their undying love, you spare them further expense. 

You dial 1 800 CALL ATT. 

Know the Code. 1 800 l..'ALL ATT. That~ Your True Chotce~ 

" AYBaT 
Your True Choice 

C~A1IIT 

Thursday, February 8, 1996 

Ultimate Disc 

The AirSquilh from UCSDpacked 
their bags and headed to Tempe, AZ 
last weekend, staclted with a veleran 

squad which in-
~' eluded only 

~ four first-year 
players. The ul-

timate-disc team played through hot, 
muggy weather against some of the 
best collegiate competition in lhe 
southwest. 

Pool play began on Saturday, as 
UCSD dropped its opener to Ihe 
Huckaholics, 1~5, but rebounded to 
crush IOUmarnent host ASU in its 
second match. 

UCSD then played its toughest 
match of pool play againsl!he Uni-
versity of Colorado. Because pool-
play matches extend until one team 
reaches 10 points, the game literally 
went down 10 !he wire, as !he two 
teams remained pen:hed 81 nine be-
fore the Colorado discmen took the 
game on double match point. 

In Saturday's last maach, !he Air 
Squids fell 10 the Tuscon Open team, 
11-4. With pool play finished. UCSD 
wenl into Sunday's elimination round 
hoping for beIIer luck. 

The Squids found themselves 
matched up against a team called Shaft 
in the quarterfinals. UCSD shook off 
its sluggish stan, rebounding nicely 
from its early 5-2 defICit. The San 
Diego squad put together an intense 
11-2 run !hereafter, highlighted by 
Tyson Clark's fully extended layout 
score to clinch !he win. 

In lhe semifinals, UCSD battled 
back from a 4-0 deficil against its 
familiar nemesis, the Huckaholics. 
The Squids foughtto a I ~ \0 tie, only 
10 corne up short, 15-12. 

"Our strong play on Sunday was in 
large part due to the offensi ve duo of 
Ben Finkelor and Bryan Qualls," 
Lenaburg said. "Ben used his strong 
short game of give-and-go's, while 
Bryan used his speed, read and hops 
to stretch our opponents thin." 

-ByM .. SUrCe 

FENCES: We 
just kept moving 
Continued froIn Pate 15 
they strolled over and instruclcd my-
self and the Olhers who were there to 
leave. We reacted by moving about 
len feet backwards into !he shrubbery. 
Apparenlly, that was illegal as well. 

Our next move left us behind the 
fence lining lhestreet which paral1elled 
the field. Soon, a pallem began 10 
emerge: Any place that we were able 
to find a decent view suddenly be-
cameofflimits. Eventually, theenlire 
field had security guards at ali pos-
sible enlranCes. 

The point is that it is impossible to 
prevenl people from watching an event 
that can be seen from so many public 
places. The organizer planned this 
game so poorly Ihat he had to reson to 
booting students offoftheirown cam-
pus. But even if he had planned it well 
ahead of time, was all this security 
really worth it? I wonder if !he cosl of 
alllhose fences and guards exceeded 
that provided by the $1250 shelled 
out by the poor suckers. 

Beyond that, one has to wonder: 
Where was all this security and fan-
fare for the national team? Real stars 
like Cobi Jones, Marcelo Balboa and 
others not only didn't have any pr0-
tection around their field, but they 
were also relegated 10 the scrub field. 

The moral of the slOry is simple: 
Plan events early, don't attempt to do 
stupid things and give our pro players 
more hype than our amateurs. 

Thursday, February 8, 1996 

Sailing 

The UCSD Guardian SPORTS IS 

UCSD CLUB SPORTS ROUND-UP 

ChUCk NCuyen/Gualdlsn 

Cycling 
Sometimes il takes riders years 10 

notch their first win on a new track. 
Last Saturday, however, UCSD club 

• 

cyclisl Katrina Berger 
topped the Women's A 
podium in her first bi-
cycle race at the UCSD 
Grand Prix, seton a 15-

mile loop in Otay Mesa. The IwCKIay 
event fealured a cour.;e wilh two 
climbs totaling 2,(0) feet per lap. 

Berger's stunning performance 
helped the La 10lla team beat out top 
clubs from rivals like UCLA, UC 
Santa Barbara, Cal Poly San Luis 
Obispo and SDSU. 

.. 

Leader 01 the pack: Ian Bettinger (foreground) took third Sunday. 

Smooth sailing: Jamie Trinh holds out her sail as she and partner 
Greg Korn head downwind to the leeward mark on Sunday. 

"The [SDSUl rider was very 
friendly to me," Berger said. "Until 
she realized thai I had the strenglh to 
beal her." 

on the final lap. UCSD's Adam 
Livingston edged oullhe other three 
riders in a sprint finish. Off-road 
iron man Tim Knudson proved he was 
road worthy as well, sliding past the 
finish line in Ihird place. 

On Sunday, [an BeuingerandErik 
Slauberfinishcd3-4 forUCSD, which 
look second overall behind Cal Poly 
SLO. 

While most of us were duck.ing 
for cover from the rain last week-
end, Ihe UCSD club sailing learn 

look to Ihe seas, host-
ing the Ii rsl regattas of 
the regular season. 

Regattas are a se-
ries of scheduled races 

labeled for the division in which Ihe 
competitors sail, and they are given 
a new number for each new day. 
UCSD competes in Ihe Southern 
division with other colleges from 
Southern California and had planned 
to compete both Saturday and Sun-
day in the South I and South n 
compelitions. 

Unfonunately,lhecomplelionof 
many races on Salurday was hin-
dered due to the lack of winds, forc-
ing the cancellation of Ihe results 
from South I. 

The weather was more condu-
cive to sailing on Sunday, making 
South n a success. The sun finally 
broke out, and five- to seven-knot 
winds propelled the 17 crafts off 
Santa Clara Poinl in Mission Bay. 

UCSD sailed one varsily and I wo 
junior-varsity boats, placing sixth 
overall in Sunday's Soulh-two. 

"The wind gave us some prob-
lems," UCSD co-captain Shannon 
Farley said. "It was a litlle 100 lighl 
on Saturday, and there was a whole 
lot on Sunday. The rain was no fun, 
eilher." 

As the season continues, the 
UCSD sailors look to ' make up 

FENCES: What 
were they thinking? 
Continued from page 16 
and all, would be played in 3-D. Thai 
is, while he did his best 10 secure the 
West side, he somehow forgot about 
the North, East and South ends oCthe 
field. 

After only a few minutes behind 
lhe fence, I spotted a better view down 
on the field that wasn't barricaded. As 
] made my way around, I noticed 
several more people standing in lhe 
shrujJbery on the hill leading down to 
!he field. They had certainly not paid 
for those seats. 

My new "seat" was perfect: Not 
onlydidI~veanimprovedview,but 
] was also fully entitled to sland there. 
After all, [was on a random walkway 
on my campus, and it wasn't fenced 
off in any manner. Nor were !here any 
signs indicating that [ couldn't be 
!here. 

Nevertheless, security decided it 
wasn'l fair for us to watch forfme. So 

See FENCES, Page 14 

some ground wilh Ihe Soulh m 
and IV regaltas, hosted by UC 
Irvine on the weekend of Feb. 24 
and 25 . 

UCSDconlinued its winning ways 
in the men's A race. The field of 36 
riders stayed together through the first 
lap until an aggressive group of eight 
left the pack.during!he grueling climbs 
- with the number dropping to four 

We're ,ppen evenings and weekends! • Ask about our special 
student prices! • Prompt and gentle care in a beautiful 

private office! • Straighten teeth without braces! 
Special introductory offer-$150 teeth whitening (per arch) 

24 Hour Emergency Available! • Plenty of free parking! 

CaHusforanappointment 622.1007 
1650 Gene ... Ave., Suit. 312 

We occ:ept most insurance plans and most major credit cards 
NEW PATIENT 

IPEeIAl.! 

• Oliver Peoples 
• Gualtier 

---------------~cr=, $4500 : 
'Ot.rJ ..,py................ I 
---------------.. 

UCSD also claimed top honors in 
the Men's B race, as Dan Sawatta 
took firsl place. 

Other notable placements came in 
the men's D, race where Pete Haugh 
took second, followed in fifth by Jon 
Martin. 

- By Mike Stance 

Budget Travel 
Seminar 

3:30 pm - 5:00 pm 

·Work Abroad 
Seminar 

5:00 pm - 6:00 pm 
Thursday, February 8th 
International Center Loun.e 

(nur C.reer Seme_) 

Iii1I 
1,1111114.,,'" .... _ ~ IffIce 

...... c-I ........... Ullltl .... bdIMte 
fer __ .......... CII 5U-1123 

• Matsuda FREE 1 PAIR • Fred COLORED CONTACTS W.J. FRESH LOOKS • Cartier PLO TO ·6.00 
• Armani Brown byes 10 BI"". G",. n. Hald With lhe purcha~ of uny l'Oonl.u;1 h:ns pa(. ka~~ hc' low $89 DAILY ~ 129 DISPOSABLE WEAR LENSES 

COMlun COMPLUE I",~,IWO 6 poe" $89 Exlen~pJJ Wear 
ALllf*ioh indude lenses, exam, eyecare kit and follow up VISIt. 

• PRESCRIPTIONS FIllED HOUIS 
• GlAssEs DUPlICATED 
• COMPlrn m EXAMS ... 1 .. 7 l1li •• 
• No APPOINTMENT NfCfSSAlY .... IN N.It.I O, 

-

... 

-

• 



' ) 

16 SPORTS 

VANITY 
DEREK V AN HOFfEN 

Soccer, UCSD 
Don't Mix 

A few weeks ago, the U.S. 
National soccer team plaved a 
match against the U.S. Olympic 
team on Charger Field, here at 
UCSD. The game was virtually 
unannounced - which probably 
doesn't bother most of you-
and there were almost no 
services provided: no security, 
no barricades, no seating, no 
sponsors and no advertising. 
Consequently, it was free. And it 
was a welcome opportunity for 
any soccer enthusiasts (yes, we 
do exist) to watch their World 
Cup heroes play up close and 
personal. 

yesterday, the U.S. Olympic 
team wa.~ here again, only this 
time against a much Iess-
heralded opponent: the Denmark 
Olympic team. Most soccer fans 
arrived expecting similar 
conditions. Instead, they 
encountered a ridiculously high 
ticket price, $12.50, and an 
equally ridiculous plethora of 
security, advertising, concession 
stands and enormous fences to 
keep out the "riotous hooligans" 
undoubtedly residing in our 
community. 

This whole mess beg many 
questions. First, why the hell did 
this game receive so much more 
attention than the national 
team's appearance? Second, and 
far more vexing, what half-
witted individual orgaOlzed this 
so-called event? It was an uller 
embarrasrnent to the school and 
to the sport. 

To begin, it makes no sense 
to charge $12.50 Lo watch a pair 
of amateur teams, when just a 
few weeks ago a professional 
World Cup team was gracing the 
very 5afTlC fields at no charge to 
onlooker . 

When one analyzes the way 
these events are set up, it makes 
even less sense. For yesterday's 
game, a mas ive, 500-yard fence 
was brought in to keep people 
from entering the field from the 
West side. But whoever planned 
this measure apparently didn't 
realize that his beloved fence-
plan would have holes in it... 
literally. 

Most people, having 
witnessed the horrific ticket 
price, simply looked on from 
behind the fence. Instantly 
seeing the sensibility in this, I 
stood four feet behind another 
person and watched the same 
game with one minor exception 
-I had $12.50 more in my 
wallet. 

The genius in charge also ne-
glected to account for the fact that 
this game, being in the real world 

See FENCES, Page 15 

... 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, February 8: 1996 

Vanguards Can't Guard UCSD 
HOLDING COURT: 
UCSD beat sec for their 
fourth consecutive win 
By Robin Kazlrlan 
Staff Writer 

The UCSD women's basketball team 
took the eady lead and never looked 
back in it contest against Southern 

California College (SCC) 
Tuesday night. 

With the Vanguards 
constantly at their heels, 
the Tritons showcased 
their offensive versatility 
and knock-down defense 
throughout the 76-63 vic-
tory. UCSD pushed the 

ball inside early, taking advantage of its 
post players' superiority. 

Triton guard Marcia Jeffries beat her 
deftnder down the court and dished off 
to forward Sarah Schneider in UCSD's 
first few possessions of the contest. 
Schneider put the ball up twice and drew 
a foul from her Southern Californiacoun-
terpart. After tallying five points in the 
first two minutes of play, Schneider con-
tinued to maintain top form throughout, 
finishing with 12 points and six rebounds. 

"We started out really strong," Jeffries 
said. "Everything seemed to fall for us." 

After Schneider's initial scoring burst, 
it was fellow forward Karli Jungwirth 
who stole the show for the Tritons. 
Jungwirth, who has posted impressive 
statistics since returning from a mid-
season injury, was impressive on Tues-
day. Effectively boxing out her Van-
guard opponents, she exceeded her team-
leading average by grabbing a season-
high 17 beards. 

Jungwirth executed on offense as 
well, converting numerous offensive 
rebounds and inside passes into 18 points. 

Marl< Patterson/Guardian 

Over the top: UeSD's Karli Jungwirth shoots over the see 
defense. Jungwirth had 18 points and 17 rebounds. 

Anne Westmoreland's defensive ef-
fort against all-Conference Vanguard 
forward Elaine Whittemore was another 
key for UCSD, as the Triton forward 
destroyed Southern California's game 
plan. With the aggrressive Triton de-
fense forcing turnovers and low-per-
centage shots, the Vanguards trailed, 
44-33, at the half. 

Southern California College, how-
ever, made the necessary adjustments 
and battled back in the second half. 

"They tightened up down low," Tri-
ton Head Coach Judy Malone said. "So 
we had to move the ball around and take 
the open shot outside." 

The Triton guards, responding to the 
task at hand, soon found their touch. 
Cindy Yamasaki, who leads the Tritons 
in scoring, had 14 poims. Jeffries sunk 
three straight field -goal attempt after 
halftime for a total of 11 points and 
seven assists. 

"They were a very physical team," 
Jeffries said. "They were in our faces all 
night, but I think it made us play better." 

The Tritons squelched the come-
back attempt by outscoring SCC, 32-
30, in the second half. The 13-point 
victory over the Vanguards extended 
the UCSD women's winning streak to 
four games. Having won seven of their 
last eight contests, the Tritons are cur-
rently 'brimming with confidence. 

"We're gaining confidence, and, once 
we're finally all healthy, we'll be ready 
[for post-season play) ," Malone said. 

Triton coaches and team members 
agree that tough competition is neces-
sary to sharpen the quad 's skills and 
heighten its intensity level in prepara-
tion for the post-season. 

"[The Vanguards] were tough. They 
were on us all night," Jeffries said. "We 
need that going into the playoffs." 

Tritons Go Two for Three at First Pitch 
BAnER UP: UCSD stepped to the plate at the First Pitch Classic and came away with two victories 
By Sean Rahlml 
Associate Sports Editor 

2-1-1 . Looks like a hockey team's 
record, right? Actually, it belongs to 
the UCSD baseball team. At last 
weekend's First Pitch Classic Tour-
nament in Pomona, the Tritons came 
away with a shutout victory, a blow-
out win, a I O-inning tie and a come-
from-ahead loss. 

UCSD defeated Whittier College 
by scores of2-0 and 11 -2for its first 
two triumphs of the year. The Tri -
tons only loss came at the hands of 
Claremont-Mudd-Scripps, which 
overcame a five-run Triton lead in 
the late innings. 

Due to a tournament time limit , 

which makes certain all participat-
ing teams get a chance to play, Cal 
Lutheran and UCSD settled their 
contest knotted at five after 
10 innings. 

"All in all, we had a great 
weekend," Triton Head 
Coach Robert Fletcher said. 
"Except for a couple of big 
let-downs, we played ex-
tremely well. We just 
couldn't put away 
[Claremont]." 

Junior reliever Andy DeGrasse 
and senior starting pitcher Mike 
Bryant picked up their first victories 
of the season against Whittier. 
DeGrasse and starter John Titchen 

combined on a shutout, blanking the 
Poets, 2-0, in the opening game. 
Whittier did not fare any better in 

the nightcap, as the Tritons 
jumped out to a 6-1 lead in 
the third inning and never 
looked back, blowing out 
their rivals from Los Angeles 
County, 11 -2. 

The weekend's offensive 
star for UCSD proved to be 
none otherthan slugging first-

baseman Craig Birk. The senior from 
Los Altos cracked three home runs, 
providing the power behind his 
team's two victones. 

"We had hopes of accomplish-
ing a little bit more than we actually 

did," Birk said. "But Ithink we' re in 
good shape heading into this 
weekend's games." 

UCSD travels to La Verne this 
Saturday for a crucial double-header 
against the Verns. 

"We have to go into their yard 
and bailie," Triton assistant coach 
Patrick Hause said. "They're ranked 
second in the nation, so it's going to 
be tough." 

Coach Fletcher echoed Hause's 
sentiments. ''I'm pretty confident 
that we can compete wi th anybody," 
he said. "If we play like we're ca-
pable of playing - play well offen-
sively and defensively - we can 
beat [La Verne]." 

_____________ III.'.'J:t:t:'!UI.!lI ____________ _ 
_111:)11]-'1 ;l.] ,lt~ ... 

Women'.lIaeketINIIl: 
Tues., Feb. 6, vs. SCC at RIMAC, 7 p.m. 

Womep'. 'ennle: 
Fri., Feb. 9, vs. Redlands at North Courts, 2 p.m. 

.... ' .......... 1: 
Fri., Feb. 9, at Menlo College, 7:30 p.m. 

Sat., Feb. 10, at UC Santa Cruz, 7:30 p.m. 

_ ... '.'ennl.: 
Fri.-Sun., Feb. 9-11, at USD Tournament,all day 

....... 11: 
Sat., Feb. 10, at La Verne University, 11 a.m. 

..... '. Vol .. ' .... I: 
Fri., Feb. 9, at University of California Irvine, 7 p.m. 

Sat., Feb. 10, at UCLA, 5 p.m. 

Club Sport. 
Roundup: The 
UCSD ruggers 
kept on rolling, 
pummeling UCI 
47-0. Also 
check out 
sailing, eycing 
and ultimate. 


