
.:t ~i ~','J: l:t;~ =II 
UCLA'. ChMcellor 
May Lose Bonu ... 
LOS ANGELES - UCLA 
Chancellor Charles Young 's 
$150,000 retirement bonus is 
not in jeopardy, but two other 
bonuses worth up to $1 oo,()()() 
- part of what Young calls , 
his "golden handcuffs" - are, 
according to UC spokesman 
Terry Colvin. The retirement 
bonus is part of the 
chancellor's 1986 contract 
with the university , while the 
others are part of a second 
contract signed in 1991 . 
According to Colvin, Young 
tands to lose the additional 

bonuses by retiring before 
1999, the date agreed upon in 
the second contract. Young 
announced in February that he 
would relire in 1998. 

- The Daily Bruin 

OU Student Use. 
Stun Gun to Escape 
NORMAN, Okla. - A 
University of Oklahoma 
tudent said she was stalked 

and nearly kidnapped from a 
Texaco station on March 27, 
but that she was able to use a 
stun gun on her assailant to 
escape. The 18-year-old victim 
said she noticed a man 
watching her earlier that day, 
and that she drove to the gas 
station after class to call a 
friend, She said the man 
approached her from behind 
while she was on the phone, 
pulled her close and forced her 
to walk with him. She said her 
attacker punched her in the 
face to make her stop strug-
gling, but that she was able to 
get her stun gun out and shock 
his right hand. She then ran to 
her car and called the Norman 
police. Police said they are 
currently looking for the 
attacker but have no leads. 

.::... The Oklahoma Daily 

Students Protest 
Tenure Process 
DURHAM, N.C. - About 150 
tudents demonstrated on March 

28 outside a Duke University 
administration building to 
protest the denial 01 tenure to a 
popular prol'c sor and to lobby 
for a greater student voice In the 
tenure process. Aboul 70 

~tudents filed into the Allen 
Building after the ra lly, where 
they discussed the issue wi th 
university Provost John 
Strohbehn and PreSident an 
Keohane. Strohbehn and 
Keohane gave their support 10 
the assembled student , but 
noted thaI the administration has 
lillie input in granting tenure to 
faculty members. 

- The Chronicle 

1~~"1I.) =II. 

BA'rrLE 
OPINION: The Mt. Soledad 
cross further the separation 
of church and state debate 4 

.'ORT.: Track and 
Field hosts the bigge t 
tournament of the year. 24 

I 

• u c 5 D 

UCSAN DIEGO MONDAY, APRIL I, 1996 VOLUME 88, ISSUE I 

UCLA Favors Top Officials, Donors 
ADMISSIONS: 
School repeatedly gave 
preference to elite 
By Terry Lew 
Associate News Editor 

The University of California pref-
erential admissions "scandal" deep-
enedon March 26 when the LosAnge-
les Times reported that slate elected 
officials have made hundreds o'f UC 
admissions requests over the last de-
cade through the university 'S Sacra-
mento lobbying office. 

The Times first reported on March 
16 that several UC regents and top 
state officials had used their influence 
to get relatives, friend and children 
of business partners admitted to UCLA 
- sometimes in lieu of better quali-
fied applicants who were turned away. 

According to the Times, more than 
80 past and present public officials 
made hundreds of requests over the 
last 15 years, either directly to UCLA 
administrators or through UC lobby-
ist Stephen Arditti in Sacramento. 

UC Regent Ralph Carmona told 
the Times that admissions requests by 

SCENE OF THE CRIME 

anyone with clout, such as legislators 
or school principals, carry special 
weight. 

"People who come from disad-
vantaged backgrounds, who are black 
and Latinos, didn't have thai kind of 
weight to carry," Carmona told the 
Times. 

Regent Leo Kolligian made the 
most requests of any regent, accord-
ing to the Times investigation. 
Kolligian made 32 requests, the most 
recent coming in 1990 for the son of a 
longtime friend and bu ine partner. 

Other regents and officials who 

made special requests included Re-
gent Meredith Khachigian, who suc-
ceeded in reversing her daughter's 
rejection from UCLA; Regent Frank 
Clark, a former bank director who 
intervened on behalf of the son of a 
bank vice president; Board of Re-
gents Chair Clair Burgener, whose 
lellerofrecommendation fora friend's 
daughter won her admission to UCLA 
as a ophomore; and Regent Bill 
Bagley, who tried unsuccessfully to 
get the sister of a top state GOP legis-
lative aide admilled toa UCLA gradu-

See UCLA, Page 8 

Racist Graffiti 
MarsUCSD 
Parking Lot 
RETAUAnON?: Union 
claims graffiti is related to 
grievance hearing 
By Terry Lew 
Associate News Editor 

The University Professional Technical 
Employees (UPTE) union called a press con-
ference March 22 to denounce racist epithets 
which had been scrawled on a curb in the 
Clinical Sciences Building parking lot on 
March 20. 

Lab Assistant Brenda Sanders was the first 
person to discover the graffi ti , which included 
swastikas and slogans such as "Hail Hillier" 
[sic 1, "White Power, ""Fuck Niggers," "KKK" 
and "Kill All Niggers." 

"When I came in the morning, it wasn' t 
there," Sanders said. "When I left at 4: 10 
[p.m.], it was. I've never seen any graffiti as 
long as I've been working here, and it 's been 
over 20 years." 

Hate crIme: UCSD Lab Assistant Brenda Sanders shows reporters the curb where, on 
March 20, she discovered racist slurs written in crabapple juice. 

Sanders said she discussed the Incident 
with a friend and then decided to call the police 
the next morning. 

I UCSD Staff-Stung by New Jersey C~nvicts 
In Seven-Year Telephone-Billing Scam 

"When I came out, ISanders 1 was talking to 
the policemen," Lab Assistant Evelyn Grant 
said. "When I walked over, I saw pretty much 
the same thing. I didn't go any further becaut: 
I was afraid to see what was down there." 

Grant added that he felt targeted because 
she and everal other African-American em-
ployees consi tenlly park in the same area and 
work certain hours. WARNING: Prison officials' 

efforts to end the scam have 
been unsuccessful 
By Anand Patel 
Staff Writer 

During recent years, a few ingenious convicts 
locked up in the New Jersey state pri on system 
have been "reaching out and touching" more people 
than prison officials would like. 

A community-alert bulletin forwarded by UC 
Berkeley Police on Wed., March 7 stated that for 
the past seven years, people at several UC cam-
puse , including UCSD, have been victimized by 
long-distance telephone scams originating from a 
New Jersey correctional facility . 

In the scam, the caller identifies himself as a 
law-enforcement official from New Jersey and 
attempts to convince the victim to accept collect-

call charges from the operator by claiming it is a 
"police emergency." 

According to UC Berkeley Police Captain Bill 
Foley, after the victim accepts the collect charges, 
the perpetrator then requests to be transferred by 
the victim to a 1-800 number. This number is 
typically a long-distance company's automated 
service for billing to a third party, much like 1-
8oo-COLLECT or I 800-CALLATT. 

From this 800 number, the caller can make 
long-distance calls charged to the victim's ac-
count because the carrier bills only the number 
which initiated the transfer. 

"The number [the phone company's computerj 
sees is the number which transferred the call," 
Foley aid, "so the saspect has paid nothing and is 
in the long-distance system." 

Foley described another scam in which a caller 
uses a victim' voice mail to subsequently gain 

See HOAX, Page 3 

"If they had put it anywhere el e, 1 could 
say it was a random act," she said. "But to put 
it right where we park every day, where we 
would see it, that's aying something." 

UPTE President Jelger Kalmijn claimed 
the graffiti was related to a hearing in which 
several Office of Animal Resources (OAR) 
employees accused the department's manage-
ment of racism and retaliation. 

"While at this time we do not know who 
perpetrated this act, it is highly [suspect] that 
the day we are in' trial with the management of 
this department, these racist slogans get painted 
around [the employee' carsj," Kalmijn said. 

"We' re not saying that they did it; wedon't 
know who did it - but on the other hand, 
where it was on the curb is where these people 
always park. We don' t think that thi i a 

See RACIST, Page 8 



2 NEWS 

Molecular Genetics: 
A Moral Quandary? 
GENES: UCSD Professor Philip Kiteher's new 
book discusses the impacts of scientific progress 
By Iv .. Delventlull 
NrNs Editor 

]s testing a fetus for blue eyes 
or I,;urly hair and aborting healthy 
'Ictuses who do not possess these 
qualities ethically wrong? Should 
job applicants' genetic informa-
tion, such as suSceptibility to dis-
ease, be made avail-

ence, where it'~ headed and to get 
behind both the positive rheloric 
and negative criticisms thlt often 
go along with it, and to give a real-
istic picture of what we are likely to 
expect," Kilcher said. 

'Then I try 10 lake up some of 
the issues that are going to be with 

us immediately, 
issues like how 
are we going to 
do genetic test-
ing, what's this 
going to mean in 
terms of dis-
cri minllion, 
what's the role of 
DNA in Ihe 
courtroom ... and 
1.0 come to terms 
with some of the' 
long-term, deep-
est and most 
challenging is-
sues about how 
we think about 
medicine, how 
we think about 
our lives, how we 
think about shap-
ing future lives." 

able to potential em-
ployers? Are efforts 
to genetically re-
fashion ourselves 
and our descendants 
intrinsically wrong? 

These are just a 
few of the questions 
raised by UCSDphi-
losoph)' Professor 
Philip Kitcher in his 
new Iy released book 
entitled, The Lives 
To Come: The Ge-
M/ic Revolution and 
Human PosJ'ibili -
litIs. 

The book, pub-
lished a month-and-
a-half ago, seeks to 
shed new light on 
the rapidly develop-
ing field of molecu-
lar genetics, as well 
as some of the diffi-
t:ult et hical and 
moral dilemmasthat 
advances in this 
field will necessar-
ily bring in thecom-
ing years. 

MWe •• Inthe 
IIIlddie of • 
sclentltlc 
reYolutlon, • 
tnlnsforllUltlon 
of our Id ... 
about nature 
whoM only 
equivalents ar. 
the birth of 
IIIOdern setenc. 
In the 17th 
century and the 
upheayals In 
physic. of the 
early 20th 
century." 

Kitcher, a 
UCSD philoso-
phy professor. 
and genetics ex-
pert, has written 
four previous 
books on the his-
tory and philoso-
phy of science, 
among them 
Abusing Science: 
Tire Case Againsl 
Creationism, Tire 

"We are in the 
middle of a scien-
tific revolution, a 
transformation of 
our ideas about na-
ture whose only 
equivalents are the 
birth of modern sci-

- Philip Kltcher Nalure of Malh . 
Professor and 'Author ematica/ Knowl-

The Lives to Come edge, Vall/ling 

• . I en~c In tIe 17th century and the 
upheava ls in physics of the early 
20lh century," Kitcher writes in 
the opening chapter of his new 
book. 

Kitcher wrote The Lives to 
ClJme aftcr being invited a few 
years ago 10 evaluate Ihe implica-
tions of the Human Genome Project 
for thl: Li iJrary or Congrcs~ , The 
projct:t is a massive global research 
error! 10 map all the genes in the 
human body. 

The Lives /0 Come is simulta-
neously an informative book de-
tailing the currenl state of research 
in the field of molecular genetics 
and a philosophical work describ-
ing the "moral dilemmas and so-
cial problems that come in lhe wake 
of great advances." 

"(The book] tries first of all to 
SlIy what's going on with the sci-

Ambitioll: Socio-
biology and Ihe Qllest for Human 
Nall/re , and Tire Advancement of 
Science. 

While Kitcher does not "pre-
tend to offer" hard and fast olu-
tions to all of the questions he raises 
in The Lives 10 Come, one of hi s 
principal goals is to elicit further 
discussion on the future ofgenelic~ 
research. 

"Devising beller ways to focus 
the aims of medicine and to frame 
the ocial conlext of medical prac-
tice is a critical task in allowing 
molecular mcdicine to fulfill its 
promise," Kitcher writes. 

Kitcher also asserts that a more 
complete under tanding of human 
genes would make it possible to 
cure genetic diseases or "avoid 
bringing into the world children 
who will inevitably suffer." 

See DNA, Page 10 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, April I, 1996 

ETCETERA. 
• • 

AA"i "OU "OT'cto lilt: FI6HT T~E 
s"""'~ FI(o~ 
001.- A"~ OIIflt 

"GA,"? 
--" 

.BRIEFLY ••• 

Attorney Discusses Affmnative Action 
Percy Sutton, a UC Regents ' lecturer for Spring Quarter 

and noted civil-rights attomey froni New York City, will 
discuss "Affirmative Action and the Struggle for Civil 
Rights· in a public lecture today at 4 p.m. in the RIMAC 
Green Room. 

The lecture is part of a series c~sponsored by the 
Chancellor's Committee on the Status of Women, which 
seeks to educate the campus and the San Oiego commu-
nity on issues of equity and access to work. . 

Sutton, a longtime civi~rights organizer and activist, . 
received the Spingam Medal from the National Association 
for the Advancement of Colored People "for exceptional 
courage and leadership in advancing civil rights in the 
American Society. " 

Sutton founded the Inner City Broadcasting Corp. and 
IS currently the company's chairman emeritus. He was a 
member of the New York State Legislature, and is on the 
goveming board of the A~sociation for a Better New York. 

UCSD Nebel Plt»Wlnnlng 
Profeuor to Speak at ScrIpps 

Scripps Institute of Oceanography Adjunct Professor 
Paul Cwen, winner of the 1995 Nobel PrIze In chemistry, 
will present 'Human influences on global atmospheric 
chemistry, including the ozone-hole ISS\M!: Identification of 
problems durq the past 25 years' at 4 p.m. on Fri., April 
5, in the Sumner Auditorium on the Scripps campus. 

Crutzen will discuss the chemical processes which 
determine the level of ozone in the stratosphere, includ~ 
those that lI'e responsible for the "ozone hole, - He will 
also discuss the role of tropospheric ozone in atmospheric 

chemistry. 
Crutzen, together with UC I rvine Professor F. Sherwood 

Rowland and Massachusetts Institute of Technology Pro-
fessor Mario Moline, won 'the Nobel Prize for work in 
atmospheric chemistry. He is director of the atmospheric 
chemistry division of Germany's Max Planck Institute for 
Chemistry and c~founderofthe Scripps Center for Clouds, 
Chemistry and Climate (C4). 

UCSD'. Carillon Honors Provost 
Elll8lltu.Stew.t During AprIl 

The Institute for Continued Learning/Irene Rubinger 
Memorial Carillon, located atop UCSO's Geisel Library, will 
toll throughout the month of April in honor of Muir College 
Provost Emeritus John Stewart. 

Today at noon, UCSD graduate student composer Kitty 
Pappas will perform an original piece dedicated to Stewart. 
The work was commiSSioned by the UCSO Alumni Associa-
tion, the UCSO Oepartment of Music and UniverSity 
Carilloneur Scott Paulson. 

Paulson will perform a retrospective of all the pieces 
composed for UCSO's carillon each weekday at noon, 

includi~ worl<s by Spanish composer Rafael Linn, Colom-
bian composer Cesar Potes, Tijuanan composer Isaac 
Galindo, UCSO undergraduates Til Meyn, Kathy Offerding 
and Jim Snyder, UCSOgraduate students Renee Coulombe 
and Richard Carrick and locli1composer Andrew Buffington. 

Paulson is also performing so~ requests for a $25 
donation to the new John Stewart music scholarship fund . 

For more information, e-mail Paulson at 
spaulsonOucsd,edu 

DAN 1WIDn, Fe.hi"" Editor 
IRIIn' JOIINION, Opinion Editor 

DIIIIJ( ¥AN IIOFYIN, Aaocl.r. Opinion Editor 
DAN KIAFf, Sports Editor , 

WDMAITIII: Jim Serlo 
"",,:)_(0111 
- .. , ..... MIlITANT: Cheryl Sal'" 
CIIOULAtIOII AllllTMTI: Men ChIn. PIb40 M-."y. Chrtstlne P8ll0I0. 51.1.,18 
SlOCk. Armef Terr. , 

IIIe&A.tD~ ........................................ ,..iII' ..... ... 
_.alUCSO. ,,"-.., of"'"_ .. ." ...... _ .. _cw "' .... _ 
_ .. IVaI\',-.• IItIe ....... _ .no.UCSO_.nat_ .... 
..... "'urn"' __ ICII/III .... TlII_ ......... ....,.,a .......... 
_._ .... --.. ............ _"'IIIeUCSDINIiM. 
... -.., "'-. .... ~ ........ no. UCSOGoMrllllrl. MM1If"*l' 1IJ 

---..~. -......,...., I1111 .... _ .. DI_. 
TIDO LAID, Editor In Cllief 

.' _IIILLII. Co-M....., Editor 
_ V-. ~Edlto, 

...,. NIIII. Cow lt1ifor 
... MURY .. " AuocMfe CG0' Edlror 

IVAII _w.rnML. Howl Editor 
.-Y LIW, ~ Howl Editor 

IEAII 1tAII1M1. As.ocillte Sports Ed/lor 
." IIIIIIL, Hilltus Editor 

YAKOY ZOLOTOMY, Photo Editor 
'CHUCK IIIUYIII, Auocl.re Pholo Editor 
"Il0l MUZIIM, Auocillte Prloro Editor 

DOMIMC ~ Greplllcs Edllor 
IRIJIIA &ATMM, De • ., Editor 

AIIIIIIIMIFIILD, AMrti.lrtI ""an., 
I0Il DeAIIIDItIA, Bu.inel5 OffIce """'" 

MIKE IIAItTINEZ, Art DlAletor 
RnMYA TAIIe, Asst. Bu.lnest "".,.,.,8r 
IOIIN una, Ad L.,.n .,.,d DfI'lIn 

JOI ,All, Graphic DfI.lfMr 
Edltorlel: 5~1. Hews/Fee"n.: 534-5226, 

. OpinIon/Spona: 53~!i82, HI.us: 534-6583 
Buelne .. 0fIIce: 534-3466. F .. : 534-7691 

HIIIIt: lUenIi"-uc:ld.edu 
Guenhn OnlIne: hnp:/~.UC.cl.edu/c-dlen 

UC5D a.,."".", 9100 Gllm .. Drive 0316, 
u Jolla, CA 92013-0316 

-_: ........ """". ucso -.-c-..... 'A'.""'. 217 

---- -- .... ----- -... --- ------.- .- .-- ... ---.- ...... --~.---- .. ------ .. ~ ----.---.~-----.---------~----- .- --------------- --

Monday, April I, 1996 The UCSD Guardian NEWS 3 

HOAX: UCSD said police have been receiving two M1hou ... the wanled me to Ilansfer him; ] just re- give a number to charge the call to," to three complaints regarding these t .......... member trying to transfer him some- Tracy said. '''That is where you are police receive 10 fraudulent calls every day since the where," O'Sullivan said. "[The call] committing fraud; if you are just giv-
complaints of fraud release of the communi,y-alert bul- compa"_ absorb was very confused and convoluted." ing them anybody's phone number." letin. tile costs [of She said that when she told the Tracy declined to comment fur-Foley said he believes phone caller that she was unable to execute ther about 1-800 phone scams, but 
Continued from Pace 1 fraud is a common practice in a fraudu ..... calla], In the transfer, he never called back warned that telephone fraud is pun-
access tOM outside line. From there, number of correctional institutions. tile ..... It Is you .nd again. 0' Sullivan added that if this ishable by a maximum sentence of 
the caller can make long-distance calls He added that con mists often tar- collect call appears on her phone 15 years in prison and a $50,000 
billed to the voice-mail number. get businesses and uni versities be- I who hay. to pay bill, she will not pay it. fine. She also declined to comment 

"Unfortunately, since it is all cause these institutions have numer- tllrou ... hI ...... According to Administrative about any preventive measures 
computerized, [the system]just sees ous phone lines and are equipped t.1ephone rat ... " Computing and Telecommunica- which have been taken to guard a phone that is dialing a number, with internal phone systems which tions (ACT) Assistant Director of against fraudulence. 
even though physically, nobody is allow transferring. - Bill Foley Customer Services Ann Hanson, Foley believes that to discourage 
there to dial it," Foley said: According to UCSD Police Ser- UC Berkeley Police Captain charges for fraudulent phone calls fraudulence, some phone compa-

Foley explained that police even- geant Bob Jones , his department has , are picked up by the long-distance nies now have recordings which tell 
tually traced the calls on the phone received 10 comp1ainlS of fraudu- reading the bulletin. She said that in carrier. the recipient of a collect call where 
bills to several New Jersey state lent calls at UCSD since the release mid-January she received four phone Hanson said that the ACT busi- the call originate . Also, they have 
prisons. of the bulletin. ClIJ1S within the span of one hour ness and finance department - blocked long-distance capabilities 

According to New Jersey State "I believe (the fraudulent callers] which resembled the types of fraudu- which operates the phone system at on some phones, such as public pay 
Department Director of Communi- call large public institutions because lent calls described in the bulletin. UCSD - is trained to investigate phones. He said he also believes 
cations Bob McHugh, while New they are more susceptible to accept- According to O'Sullivan, an op- anomalies in phone bills and to com- that phone companies now require 
Jersey prison inmates have carried ing these collect charges on a routine erator asked her if she wanted to municate with the long-distance car- third-party verification on long-dis-
out phone scams in the past, state basis and [the charges) would just accept collect charges from a police riers to determine whether fraudu- tance calls billed to a third party. 
correctional facilities have since become lost in the system," Jones officer, whom she assumed was a lent calls have been made. 'Though the telephone compa-
been equipped with "a telephone said. "If you receive calls like this campus police officer. Hanson also said that prior to the nics absorb the costs lof fraudulent 
system that makes [the scams] im- from a correctional institution, and After she accep!ed the call, the release of the bulletin, she was not calls], in the end it is you and I who 
possible." they are asking you to accept collect- su pect "spoke quickly and identi- aware of the 1-800 phone scam. have to pay through higher tele-

McHugh declined to comment call charges ... do noL." fied himself as being from a New AT &TCorporate Security Inves- phone rate ," Foley added. 
on the specifics of the telephone UCSD Literature department Jersey correctional institution."The tigator Beth Tracy also said she was Anyone who believes they have 
system and the manner in which it staff member Kelly 0 ' Sullivan, a caller aid he was a police officer unawarc of the scam. received a fraudulent phone call is 
prevents fraudulent phone calls. victim of the New Jersey phone and requested to be transferred. "If you dial an 800 number thai urged to contact Bob Jones at 534-

A Berkeley Police staff member scam, contacted police shortly after "I don't remember where hc reaches an operator, you sti II have to 4359. 

SERVING UCSD for 15YEARS! Welcome Back! 
12 min. from UCSD 
on Miratrllr ROMi 

LJo_ ...... Or. 

• I !'U!i1 ACUAA muda Hyundal 
,~ "CT G.o - I8UZU Acura Dllllallu 
~ Excellent ""'"1Ce1 from our utI.ned custonHnl 

.=:r- ~~~!!.~!~J?!Pn~~~ 
G. 1. Spark plugs 5. Check lind r8plenish all fluid 2. Disiribulor points lind oillevela 3. CondentoII 6. AdJUSI dwell angle 4. AdIUSlIiming 7. Check bfale" 

3S-point Major Service Special 
Extra for fwI ",,«:ted. OuT ",./Cr tun.-up Include.: 
1. Comprellion 1811 11 . Adjust liming 20. Lube Iront end ..... 1110 
2. Valve adjUllment 
Replace: 
3. Valve COYer gael(eI 

(~nHded) 
4. Splllll plugs. 
5. Distributor points. 
6. Condensors. 
7. Air fiNer. 
8. Oil fj~er , 
9. Gas filter, and 
10. Engine oil 

12. Adjust dwell angle 
13. Ad(ust catlKnlOl 
14. Adjust air & fuel ralio 
mixture 
15. Adjust steering box 
16. Adjust clutch 
17. Adjust brak" 
18. AdjUS1 emergency 
brakes 
19. Check & adJUSI 
exposed beNs 

21 . Check & replenish all 
fluid & oil IeIlGIS 
22. Check el8C1r1cal 
fuses 
23. Check for loose & 
lost bob 
24. Check brakes 
25. Check clutch 
26. Check lights 
27. Check undercarroage 
for damage 

28. Ct.ck lind recharge batt.rles 
29. AoIaIe lires (if Meded) 
30. Check lire pressure 
31 . Lube door hinge. 
32. Check all hOlders 
33. Ched< COOling system & hoses 
34. Check exhaust syslem 
35. Road lest 
_ ... _----T_ -_ .... _-_. 
-...... --

$159* Complete Clutch Job Brake Job Special $34* Reg . .. 
W. repIM»: I. Tron .... ioeoon input ohaft MOl 

2. ",-,,, pi.. S. Plio< t..ing 
3. CIu\cII cite 6 .... ~_ .. ion oil 
4. ThrOMlUl _ing 1 Ra.;Itwt 

_:,.,....._ .. __ ....... _. 
................... 

Front « reM. StaIr. Job 1nt:IutIN: 
1.1_ opec:/II now poocII Of s. __ IDrll" 1'/-
_I r_ b ..... __ 8. MIuol Iron! I~ drumo) and 
2. Drlin Old __ _ rNt ""-
3. InopocI c:ompIoIo ".,... ... '" 7. ~ Iron!, ___ iH 
.,-, <*t. IUIn) 4.A.ttII".,... ... _ 1. __ 

~------------------~----------- $79* Timing Belt S ecial 
Brand new ...,ta. Ask Ibout our speclaIs Of) engines. AU our work heI • 2-y .. , 

or 2O,~mllt IlmItId ..,anty. All prIeM IncI~ ..... and Wbor. 
overseas X 8008 Miramar Rd, 

...... RlPIII:=-695.1990 
• • • • • • +. WIn .. 1d. ElIpiret 4I1SrW CooIIb --~ 'II' 

It's time to start 
thinking about the ... 

Courses begin June 15 for the August exam. 
Early Access Options Available. 

Sign up by May 1 and get a $100 discount. 

Courses begin April 27 for the June 10 exam. 
Materials include 14 released LSAT exams. 

Call today for schedules and information. 

THE (619) 558-0550 
PRINCETON (800) 2-REVIEW 
REVIEW 
The ~ Re¥iew i, DO( alfililllld wida PriIaIaD U. or BTS. 

UCSD Guar'Jian News: 
Your comer of the world is right here. 



4 OPINION 

RELIGIOUS 
PREFERENCE 

SLIGHTS OTHERS 
istorically, America has been known for 
its acceptance of all religions. And while 
this .lation's law~ allow the open prac· 
tice of all kinds of religions, they also 
prevent the government from outwardly 
supporting anyone of them. However, 

this policy ha~ virtually never been enforced 
~i nce the law~ of thiS land were written over 200 year~ 
ago. Christianity was and continues to be the U.S. 
govcrnmcnt 's unofficial rcligion of choicc. 

In particular, we see thc government's preference 
for Christianity in it's efforts to keep the Mount 
Soledad cross from being rcmoved. The cross, which 
was dedicated to the ci ty on Easter Sunday, 1954, by 
the Mount Soledad Mcmorial Association, was in -
tended as a memorial to war veterans. But it has since 
lost thi !'. meaning and become a completely Christi an 
monument: offending non- hnslians and excluding 
non-Christian war veterans alike. 

The deba te over the Mount Soledad cross has 
brought to the foreground a number of constitutional 
issues. In 1991 , the court ordered the Ci ty of San Di-
ego to remove the cross because the monument vio-
lated the Privilege Clause (If the alifornia tate Con-
stitution, which states the "free exercise and enjoy-
ment 01 religIOn without discnminatlOn or preferem:e 
I isl guaranteed." 

The ci ty, however, failed to ri ght its wrongs by 
erecting a new, non-offensive monument. After Ihe 
U.S. Court 01 Appcal~ alfJrllled the onglnal court dc· 
cision lO have the cross removed, and the U.S. Su-
preme Court refused to hear the case, Ihe cit y so ld 61T 
the ~ mall plot or land directly under Ihe cross to the 
Mount Soledad Memorial ASSOCiation . The 222 
square- fopt plot was sold wi/h out open bidding, thus 
evading the court 's order. 

That the cit y government accepts the cross being 
on publi ~ land is, in itself, a form or religious prefer-
ence. Be~ause the cross is clearly a Chri stian symbol , 
other religions are effectively di scouraged from hold-

See SYMBOL, Page 6 

BY KATHLEEN LYTLE 
STAFF WRITER 

1,. 

The UCSD Guardian "Monday, April 1,1996 

PINION 

-

THE MOUNT 
SOLEDAD 

CONTROVERSY 
AS EASTERAPPROACHES, CHRISTIANS 
AND ATHEISTS CONTEND OVER THE 
CONSTITUTIONALITY OF THE CROSS 

OVERLOOKI,NG SAN DIEGO 

ATHEIST SERVICE IS A PETTY 'EGO TRIP' FOR IRONS 
very Easter Sunday since the 
early I 920s, Christians in San 
Diego have had the special op-
portunity to celebrate the resur-
ection of Jesus Christ atop 

Mount Soledad. In an Intimate 
sunnse service beneath the towerin~ con-
cretc cros , they have prayed, sung and 
given thanks to God for their salva tion 
without intcrruption. One cannot overes· 
timate the significance of thiS Easter cel-
ebration to San Diego Christian popula-
tioll. For as anyone who has visi ted Mount 
Soledad can tell you, the view of the city, 
t he ocean and the surrounding mountains 

is breathtaking. 
Christians on this upcoming Easter, 

however, will find themselves bereft of the 
chance to express their faith on thi holy 
day. No, Easter has not been cancelled, nor 
has their right to worship been curtailed. 
The tragedy of Easter 1996 is that wor-
shippers of the god of politics have sub-
verted the traditional Christian celebration 
on Mount Soledad. Despite the signifi-
canre of this ·Iong-standing celebration, a 
horde of spoilsports intend to prove they 
also have the right to worship around the 
famed cross on Easter morning. 

UCSD's Peter Trons, a professor of po-

GRAPHIC BY DOMINIC LOBBIA 

litical science and a Harvard-trained law-
yer, leads these killjoys. Irons has been 
challenging the Mount Soledad Cross since 
1990, alleging that iLS placemcnt on pub-
lic land is a violation of the U.S. Constitu· 
tion. This last February, Irons figured he 
would fan the flames of controversy a lillie 
more by applying for a permit lO use the 
Mount Soledad park on Easter moming. 
Because Irons was "first" in line during 
the first -come, lirst-served permit appli -
cation process, a permit to use the park wa~ 
granted to him with no objections from the 
San Diego City Attorney's office. 

See EGO TRIP, Page 6 

BY NATHAN 
PIETILA 

STAFF WRITER 

Monday, April I, 1996 The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

COMMENTARY: Although mudslinging has long been a staple of American elections, politicians and their 
cronies have developed new strategies to defame their opponents 

PLAYING DIRTY IN THE POLITICAL ARENA 
By Christi_ Baine 
Staff Writer 

Mudslinging is as American as 
apple pie and b~eball. That's not 
to say that it doesn' t go on in other 
countries as well, where govern-
ment officia ls oftcn rely on the 
whim ical and changeable nature of 
the electorate for their jobs. How-
ever, politicians in thi s country have 
taken mudslinging to an all-time 
high - or low, depending on how 
cynical you are. There are now even 
politically correct terms for mud-
slinging, such a~ "negative search." 

That candidates must expose 
their opponent 's adolescent short-
comings I, ludlcrou, . For in tance, 
aCl:using an opponent or inhaling il -
licit drugs is nothing more than a 
revelation or youthful exuberance 
and experimentation. uch an accu-
sation docs not reveal how compe' 
lent the candwate would be in of-
fice. A candidate should not be 
o,triclzed from the election due to 
accusations which are blown out of 
proportion. 

Mudslinging has gone hand-in· 
hand With American poh tics since 
the country's inception, dating back 
a, far as the days of George Wash-
ington. Gov. George Cli nton. who 
\\ a, hrlefly co nSidered as 
Washlngllln 's runnlllg mate, was 

labeled a "sure loser" who couldn 't 
pick up any votes . Andrew 
Jackson 's bid for the presidency in 
the election of 1828 was met with 
accusations that his wife, Rachel, 
was a bigamist, and that he, there-
fore , was an adulterer. Jackson won 
anyway, but it seems the slress was 
too great for Rachel, who died just 
a few weeks after the eleclion. 

Besides using mudslinging to 
make themselves appear less mor-
ally corrupt than their opponent, 
candidates often use it (0 avoid 
weak points in their platforms. It 
makes sense that a Republi can 
would criti cize hi s Democratic 
opponent 's views on taxation In or-
der to draw allention away from his 
unpopular views on abortion. 

Sometimes, mudslinging IS the 
only way a candidate can usurp the 
scat of an almost unassailable in-
cumbent. Political newcomers can 
promote their stances on volatile 
issues, such as the ''Three Strikes" 
law or capital punishment, by ma-
nipul ating statistics to show the in- . 
effectiveness of the incumbent's 
methods. This type of "negative 
search" doesn 't appear all that dis-
reputable. It appcars to be a legiti-
mate campaign strategy to bring out 
an opponent 's past polilical mis-
take or shortcomings. However, 

Thurgood Marshall Seniors. 

'S There 
something L-ke 
You would I 
To Say at 
Graduation? 

The TMC Commencement Committee will be 
accepting graduation speeches until 

Monday, April 8, at 4:00 p.m . in the TM 
College Dean 's Office. For more information 

stop by or ca ll 53 4-4390. 

DON'Tsell your 
tothIJOOKS 

BOOI(STORE! 
Did you buy a book for $70 at the beginn ing of the quarter and 
now you want lO sell it but the buyer for the bookstore will only 
give you $15 to $30 ror it? You can put it on consignment at 
REVELLE BARGAIN BOOKS for $49. You gain an extra $34! 

If you want the most $ for your books 
bring them to us to sell! 

Check out the best kept secret on campus, REVELLE BARGAIN 
BOOKS! We are sludent run and work on a consignment basis. 

YOU BRING IN THE BOOKS, YOU SET THE PRICE 
WE ACT AS YOUR MIDDLEMAN SO THAT YOU CAN GET 

MORE CASH FOR YOUR BOOKS! 
We accept all books as long a they're 

Q.I..[[l!D.l editions. 
,~!;J We're located in the southwest 
~~~~ii:-~r corner of the Revelle Campus, 
~ behind Argo Hall and down from 

the Plus Card office. 
QUESTIONS? ALL 534-2502 

OPEN MWF 11 am to pm 
TuTh 12 to Spm 

Before you can even 
find the remote 
between the couch 
cushions, some 
gr_y politician has 
already Invaded 
your living room and 
completely 
demolished the 
moral character of 
his opponent. 
this approach is hardly credible: Stu-
tiSliCS can always be manipulaled to 
prove a pOint. 

Every campaign season, the pub-
li c IS inundated with negati ve cam-
palgnmg through all form s of me-
dia. TeleVision commerCials, for in-

r--------, HAIR 
DESIGN 

UTe (Acloss hom Theatecs) 
Del M8r HI.,... (Next to WIlerehouse) 

C'*-"-t 5qu8re Next to Vons 
TlerreUllta (at Hwy 52 & Santo) 

Horton Pica (BelOW Marie Callendar's) 
PIltkW.y PI8u (at Ma,n Entrance) 

WAU(-INS WELCOMEI 
L MUSI .,restnt coupon . hp. 4 / 15/96 • 
---------

London ...... .. ........ S6S2 

Paris ...................... 763 

Madrid ................. 800 

Frankfurt .............. 8 l 2 

Copenhagen ....... . 903 

Rome ................ ..... 940 

Athens .... ........... .. 1041 

All r .. res are roundr"p Tn no. 
Includld. Some ,",mellon, apply 

stance, offer the easiest access to the 
viewing public. Before you can 
even find the remote between the 
couch cushiolls, some greasy poli -
tician has already invaded your liv-
ing room and completely demol-
ished the moral character of his op-
ponent, 

Just before last Christmas, GOP 
hopeful Lamar Alexander decided 
that enough was enough. He aired a 
new televi sion commercial con-
demning the juvenile antics of Sena-
tor Phil Gramm and Malco lm 
"Steve" Forbes , Jr. Al exa nder 
scoffed at the pairs ongoing televi -
sion debate over Gramm's record on 
laxes, saying that hi s two opponents 
more closely resembled candidatt;s 
runOing for president of the fifth 
grade , instead of the country. Of 
course, Alexander 's commerCial 
amounted to little more than mud-
slinging, but we ' ll just ignore that 
right now. 

Another increasingly popular 
method of negative campaigning is 
found in the mailbox. Mail propa-
ganda has long been a means of 
fu ndraising. Today, however, Ihe 
U.S. Postal Servl 'e unwitlingly acts 
a an agent or mudslinging. Leaf-
lets and newsletters di sparagi ng a 
certain candidate are disguised as 
pen IOn checks and subpoenas to 

ensure they are opened. The mail is 
effective because letters and pam-
phlets can be directed to the most 
recepti ve audience, based on politi -
cal demographics. Though this type 
of mudslinging does not appear to 
be very widespread, Larry Sabato, 
author of several books on modern 
campaign techniques, terms it "the 
silent killer." 

The newest mode of mudsling-
ing scurries along the phone lines. 
The "push poll" is a survey used to 
find the vulnerabilities of opposi ng 
candidates. In the 1992 New Hamp-
shire Republican primary, George 
Bush campaigners ca lled hundreds 
of women in the area and read them 
Pat Buchanan 's remark questioning 
the fitness of women to have ca-
reers. Afterwards, the campaigners 
asked the women if they were now 
more or less likely to vote for 
Buchanan. eedless to say, the ma-
jority of women answered with a 
resounding "no." 

Today, a mutation of the ori gi-
nal "pu h poll" is occurring within 
the last 48 to 72 hours of,a poli tica l 
race. " uppresslOn" ph<ine banks 
flood a region with calls distorting 
or 1111 Srepre enting a candidate's 
views or records. The ca llers usu-
ally misidentify them,elves or their 

See MUDDY, Page 6 

USED 
LEVIS 

COLORS • CUT-OFFS • FADED BLUES 
- --$9' BIKER JACKETS 

COSTUMES • 60's, 70's, & MORE • FUN, FUNKY, FUNTIONAl 
HAWAIIAN • MIlITARY ,.Ii!f.WI .. t 

__ • TUX SHIRTS I.N3S'+Io)f.-~ ... -_-_-
COOL STUFF 
FAIRMAIRS 

4879 NEWPORT AVE., OCEAN BEACH 
'-____ OPEN 7 DAYS • 222·0220 ____ ... 

L FUND 
R PROJECTS 

RECEIVE UP TO $500 .00 FUNDING FOR ACADE ~ I C ALLY 
ORIENTED PROJECTS 
PROJECTS CAN BE FOR A CL ASS OR AN INDEPENDE NT 
IDEA . 
RECEIVE FUNDING FOR THE MATERIAL S NEEDED ro 
DEVELOP YOUR PROJECT . 
IF YOU HAVE ANY QUEST tO NS PLEASE STOP BY OUR 
OFFICE IN THE PRICE CENTER. ROOM 3.305. OR GIVE 
US A CALL AT 534 · 3917 . 
IF THE OFFICE tS CLOSED WHEN YOU CO ME BY. PUT 
YOUR PROPOSAL OR PHONE NU~B ER AND ~ ESS AGE IN 
THE "IN BOX" . 
FEEL FREE TO BRtNG YOUR APPLICATION BY EARLY 
FOR POINTERS FOR IMPROVING YOUR CHANCES. 

We are now accepting proposals 
for Spring Quarter '98. 

FINAL DEADLINE IS 
FRIDAY 4/12/96, 3PM 

Check out the Guardian Online http://www.ucsd.edu/guardian 



6 OPINION The UCSD Guardian 

SYMBOL: access to a forum close to the seat A •• III""'" of government... would violate the 
Cross represents Establishment Clause .... And one doee not n •• d to 
religious intolerance can conceive of a case in which a utlllz .... governmental entity manipulates its 
Continued from lNCe 4 administration of a public forum ... a,...,.,.e of .., 
ing functions at the scenic Mount in such a manner that only certain pa lleul. r .. l .... Soledad site. For example. it is religious groups take advantage of 
doubtful Jews would stage a reli - it . creating an impression of en- to honor V ....... 
gious event on Mount Soledad with dorsement.. .. " 
a symbol contrary to their entire Mount Soledad is a "public fo- Supreme Court found that any 
belief system looming high above rum" which is manipUlated by the "preference" for certain religious 
thern. presence of a cross to create an at- beliefs constitutes an endorsement 

The Constitution and numerous rnosphere of which only certain re- of religion, which is unconstitu-
Supreme Court ru lings have delined Iigious groups can take advantage. tional. In Lynch v. Donnelly, Justice 
religious preference or favoritism as While the park is theoretically open Sandra Day O'Connor's concurring 
unconstitutional. In 1995. after re- to any group that applies for a user opinion argues that any endorse-
viewing Capitol Square Review and permit. many groups are discour- ment of religion is invalid because 
Advisory Board v. Pinetle, Carr and ar.ed from doing so because the it "sends a message to the non-ad-
the Ku Klux Klan. the Supreme cross encroaches upon their reli - herents that they are outsiders. not 
Court decided that "giving sectar- gious beliefs. fu ll members of the political com-
ian religious speech preferential In Edwards v. Aguilar. the U.S. munity; and an accompanying mes-

- =-

EGO TRIP: method the city needs to employ. one The Christians are must consider that most of the time 
Irons misinterprets the park is not reserved for anyone. simply aldng to 
First Amendment and people can visit whenever they r.MI'Y ..... ~ please. Potential problems arise when 
Continued from pace 4 a group desires to reserve the park for for two hours out 

And why would the city attorney a particular function, because it must 
of the entire y ... be so complicit in a scheme to deprive first apply for a permit from the city 

San Diegans of an opportunity to to use the public park. The applica- The atheists could 
gather for worship? The reason is that tion for the permit probably include 

obtain a permit there is a sizable body of constitu- questions about how the park is to be 
tional law which reputedly indicates used, at what times and for how many for the Saturday 
it would be illegal for the city to re- people. From this infonnation. the city before Easter or serve the park for religious services, decides whether to grant the permit. 
preventing citi7..ens like Irons from Db- But suppose for a moment that the for later In the 
taining a permit. Such an action is city must choose from a number of 

day. purported to vio late the First competing permit applications. It 
Amendment 's ban on "respecting an must then decide which application 
establishment of religion." to accept and which to reject. Thi s wants a permit to gather at the 

However. like much of the consti- choice must necessarily involve dis- same time. To which group should 
tutional doctrine handed down in the crimination. as do all choices. the city grant a permit? Irons 
last 50 years, this reasoning is simply Now consider how this applies claims that the city cannot choose 
wrong. Because Mount Soledad is to the current Mount Soledad situ- to give the permit to the Mount 
public land. it is up to the voten and ation . One group. the Mount Soledad Memorial Association be-
public officials to decide how the land Soledad Memorial Association. cause that would be "respecting an 
should be utilized. The city needs to wants to perform an Easter service establishment of religion." 
adopt a fair method to determine who at the park from 6 a.m. to 8 a.m. But suppose the Atheist Coalition 
can use the park and when they can Another group, the Atheist Coali- wanted the permit simply to prevent 
use it. tion. represented initially without the Mount Soledad Memorial Asso-

To better understand the kind of the group ' s consent by Irons . ciation from holding a religious ser-
--- ~-~ 

MUDDY: The One of the most publicized in- never discovered until it's too late. 
American voter is 

stances of "suppression" phone calls They only exist for a short time, and 
involved a Democratic party phone they aren't often publicized because 

being duped bank in the final days of the 1994 the media has already moved on to 
Senate race in Virginia. Callers the next race. A Republican strate-

Continued from p.,e 5 linked the Republican Senate can- gist asserts that such phone banks 
affiliations, and many candidates didate. Oliver North. with David aren ' t discovered "unless there is 
insist t~ey have no connection with Duke. and asserted that the GOP some major slip-up afterwards." 
such organizations or the individu· was the party of the Ku Klux Klan. Mudslinging is a terrible blight 
al involved. "Suppression" phone banks are on American politics. and it gives 

FREE I Pili COLOIED CO.TICTS • Oliver Peoples FreshLooks: Brown Eye. '0 Blue. Green. Hazel 01 5 PilI, I-DIY ICUIUE D1lpoqble Conbld LeIlRll: PLO to -6.00 Wi'" die pun:Nie of lilly COII'AC,Ico. pacu,. below 
Sl9DAlLY ~129DISPOSA.LE WEIR ~ LENSES 

COMPLED: COMPL£n: IocWot Iwo 6-pocl. 
All speciak include Ien_, exom, eyecore ~it and IoIIow up visit. 

WE SPECIALIZE IN CONTACf LENSES 
• Gas·permeable hardlen,e, • Soft lenH' for Q,ligmali,m 

• Sports lense, • u.v. len,e, • CoJored len,es 
• Thousands of lens. in stock • Emelency Service 

ONE HOUR SiRVlCE' 6 DAYS WEEK 
m int DI'(Gam 01 .on (OITICT u.s pa(llllIl 

• In moll 

• PuSCII'nONS fIUD 
• GlAssEs DUPlICAtED 
• COMPLm m EXAMS ••• • No APPOINfMINT NEClSWY 

• Gue$$ 

• Matsuda 

• Calvin 
Klein 

• Cartier 

• Armani 

sage to adherents that they are in-
siders. favored memben of a politi-
cal community." Again, the cross on 
Mount Soledad is an endorsement 
of religion by the government .. 
therefore making the monument 
unconstitutional. 

A war memorial does not need 
to utilize the symbols of any par-
ticular religion to honor veterans. 
They can be honored by the ser-
vice th~y have given. not by the 
religious beliefs they espouse. It 
is a mistake for San Diego to con-
tinue to offend the many veterans 
who are not Christian by denying 
the legitimacy of their beliefs. If 
the cross was intended to honor 
war veterans. it has failed its pur-
pose and should be replaced by a 
more filling memorial. 

The city has shown more inter-

vice in the park. We must remember 
that the First Amendment also pro-
hibits the government from restrict-
ing the free exercise of religion. Dc-
nying a permit to an organization 
which wanted to hold a religious ser-
vice would also appear to violate the 
First Amendmenl. 

But we've now run into a para-
dox within the Constitution; how can 
it be resol ved without simply Hipping 
a coin? There are many reasons to 
give the permit to the Mount Soledad 
Memorial Association rather than to 
the atheists. Fin!, Easter is obviously 
significant 10 Christians, but doesn't 
hold any particular significance for 
atheists. 

Second. a 73-year-old tradition ex-
ists between the Christians. Easter and 
Mount Soledad. Some might scoff at 
the notion of tradition. but keep in 
mind that tradition and precedent play 
a very important role in our society. 
especially in politics and law. 

Third. the Christians are simply 
asking to reserve the park for two 
boon out of the entire year. The athe-
iSIS could obtain a permit for the Sat-
urtIay before Easter or for later in the 

totalitarians one more reason to ridi-
cule democracy. Maybe it's our fault 
for bei ng so gull ible and uni n-
formed. The public must put an end 
to such underhandet:l tactics. Refus-
ing to vote for those candidates who 
utilize it as a campaign strategy 
would do the trick - but this is a 
seemingly impossible feat because 
almost every candidate engages in 

~ 

'. Monday. April I. 1996 

est in preser'4ng a religious symbol 
than in honoring our war veterans. 
further demonstrating the religious 
favoritism granted to Christians. 
Not only is it unconstitutional un-
der both the state and federal law to 
have the cross on public land. but 
the city has manipulated the order 
to preserve a public park surround-
ing a huge religious symbol. 

A government that favors one 
religion, whether overtly or co-
vertly. is a danger to a democratic 
society. Preserving a religious sym-
bol near public lands through favor-
itism and closed-door bargaining is 
a gross injustice to the people of San 
Diego. The cross on Mount Soledad 
should be removed to demonstrate 
that the illicit relationship between 
American government and Chris-
tianity has been dissolved. 

day. 
Finally. no one is forced to attend 

the Mount Soledad service. Even if 
someone does not wish to attend. he 
is not forced to sing. pray. sign a con-
fession of faith or otherwise commit 
to a matter of conscience. All he is 
required to do is shoW"COUrtesy and 
respect for the proc,eedings. 

Given these reasons,iron 's asser-
tion that • 'r atheists] have as much right 
to use parks on Easter as any other 
group" is laughable at the least and 
pathetic at the worst. 

Inevitably within a democracy, the 
rights of some individuals will con-
flict with the rights of others. Such a 
situation does not indicate that we 
cannot and should not make decisions 
about whose rights are to prevail in 
certain maners - having to make 
such decisions is one of the responsi-
bilities of government. By denying 
that government has the authority to 
make these dei:isions. Irons would 
foist his own liberal beliefs on us. It 
is this kind of coercion that the First 
Amendment, which Irons uses to de-
fend his position. was intended to pre-
vent. 

a little mUdslinging. 
Some other type of compaining 

needs to be erected in place of mud-
slinging. This new foru m must limit 
the candidates to addressing only 
their positions on issues. without 
mention of their opponents. This 
may sound idealistic and naive. but 
after 200 years ofthis crap, it 's time 
for a little political purification . 

AU SHOWS FIlII 
'-;:: ¢ '::> ... q 

~7r~<i1l. 
._-".,. .. ..." 

I ) Sunday April 7 ) 1 ImtltY ;~.: 
'::== 1 c::r. 

Coming Up: 
TIU, .. 10 

2 

Monday. Apri I I. 1996 The UCSD Guardian 7 

r co- .... ·., _ .. ~,~. 

I 



8 NEWS 

Kinko 's Salon David Perez 
44 COPIES .............................. 11. 17 21% OFF .................................. ... 13 
UCSD Bookstore Tan 4 Less Salons 
10% OFF fIENIIIAI. NOU ..... ... Z2 121." ao TAN DAYS .............. ... . 

The UCSD Guardian 

DAILY or EXTENDED $,68 It' 2ndPl.'18 comp ••• 
__ . C8tIIIUl.lI6l_ 

~!!.~~~!:ES $129 
& cal' kit, 14 len'" 
(""'uv .... I16l. NuVue) 

EYEGLASSES 
SeIKI f_&R .. 

compl.t.! 

CALL NOW 1·800·298-EYES Revelle Bargain Books Zebra DllCOUtft'ED 'I'EXBOOI(S ... , •• II. 20 3.1$ COPIES ........................... p. 14 
DR. TED MECKLENBORG OptCf))t'tll~t Costa Verde Car Wash La Jolla Brewing Company 14." CAll WASH .................... 11. 14 SlIElltS ................................ 11. 21 

9516 Mlrilrnilr Road · Off 1·15 ,It r.llrdlTldl ROdU 
566-411 0 ,.~ -- I 

. ... ... -~ , . 

UCSD Bike Shop MUSIC Trader 
10%010% OFF ........................... 11. 1. FItIE CD"I .............................. 11. 21 

POP QUIZ 

t. H_ m •• , tim •• h ... ,OU ml •• od @:hl ......... r! 
.) Non.. ~_, .. 
b) F.w.r th.n flv. tim ••. 
c) 1 800 CALL ATT. 
d) Wh.r.'. D,I.n? 

2. Someon. c.lI. ,ou aolloat, u.lnl 1 800 CALL ATT. Wh.t h.pp.n.? 

.) You .cc.pt b.c.u •• ,ou .nd th. p.r.on Hlllni ..... utom.tlc.lI, 
.nt.red to win .n Int.rn.hlp on a.".rI, Hili., 10210: 

b) You .cc.pt "'oou •• lt .Iw.,. ao.t. I ••• th.n 1 100 COLLECT: 
0) You .oo.pt ... 0 •••• h.l.h. mllht ... D,I.n. 

d) All tit •• Ito" •• 

3. Wh.t'. tho b •• t thlnl to do .hll. w.tchlnl a.".rl, Hili., 10210-' 

.) Itud,. 
b) LI.t.n to D."ld'. rap Mnl. 
0) Hopa for. IU •• t .p ....... no. b, D,lon. 

d) C.II. frl.nd aoll.ct u.lnl1 800 CALL ATT (,ou mllht win tho "".rl, 
Hili., 80210·lnt.rn.hlp .nd n.t.n to D.vld'. r.p .onlln par.on). 

4. You h.". to Cltll ,our p.r.nt. for mon.,. 1.I.at th. mo.t .pproprl.t •• o.n.rlo: 

.) You u •• 1 800 CALL ATT bee.u •• ,ou know ,0u'lIl.t mora mon., 
ollt of th.m. 

b) You UH 1 800 CALL ATT b.o.u .. th.t •• , ,ou'li ,.t •• oth.r ahonoo 
to wi. til. "v.rl, Hili., 802tO· Int.rn.hlp. 

0) You' ... dolnl " to I.t • bl ••• r TV Ht. 

d) All th ........ . 

.,...... •• , ••• 1 ................... _ ........ __ • _____ _ 

....... _. __ .. -_ ... _--_ ....... --_ .. -..... _--_ ... -.. --

.. __ ... -_-____ 1 __ .. __ - .. __ ..... -._-... -_ .. - ....... ,. 

.................... " ....... - ...... --................ - ...... U1I'""_I ................ ~ 

• 
0_.' . , IGOCO',.l£C11O' _._ .. YCI 

Monday, April I, 1996 

UCLA: Officials 
defend gi ving favors 
to major donors 
Continued from page 1 
ate school. 
Money talks 

The TimLS reported on March 21 
that UCLA ChancellorCharles Young 
and his aides also gave admissions 
priority to friends and relatives of 
major donors to the universily. in· 
c1uding several prominent Los Ange. 
les figures. 

Although UCLA officials de· 
fended the practice as another fund-
raising tactic, the Times investigation 
showed that since 1980, 900 indio 
vidual donors made more than 21,000 
requests on behalf of applicants to the 
university's undergraduate, graduate, 
housing and University Elememary 
School programs. 

Although Young defended the 
practice of giving "special consider· 
ation" to the admissions requests of 
contributors. he said the university 
would not lower its standards in any 
case. 

"Should [major donors'] children 
be admitted if Lhey are not admis· 
sible?" Young told the Times. 'The 
answer is ·no. '" 

However. the Times investigation 
revealed that Young intervened in the 
admissions process at least twice -
once on behalf of the nephew of Saudi 
Arabia's wealthy former oil minister 
and once on behalf of his neighbor's 
son. Although neither of the students 
met UCLA 's admissions criteria, both 
were admitted. 
Political clout 

State eleeted officials have made 
hundreds of special requests 
systemwide in the last 10 years. the 
Times reported March 26. 

The more than 1.000 requests by 
I 14publicofficialsweremadethrough 
Ardiui. director of the university's 
Office of State Governmental Rela-

See UCLA, Page 9 

RA CIST: Police 
say any speculation 
would be premature 

Continued from page 1 
random act of racial insult. we think 
this is a directed act by some very sick 
individuals." he added. 

However, Assistant Vice Chan-
cellor of Human Resources Rogers 
Davis said that it was a mistake to 
connect the two events, 

"It would not be sound judgment 
to speculate that this has anything to 
do with litigation regarding work 
ru les," Davis said. 

A point of contention discussed at 
the ~earing was OAR's attendance 
policy, which requires employees to 
give 24-hour advance notice before 
calling in sick. Otherwise, the ab-
sence is recordet1 as unexcused. 

UCSD PoIiceDetectiveNate Aoyd 
said that the police have not identified 
any suspects and that the investiga-
tion is ongoing. 

UCSD Interim Chancellor 
Mlljorie Caserio said that the admin-
istration considers the graffiti unac-
ceptable, and lent her full support to 
the investigation . 

"We are ... responsible for creat· 
ing a welcoming campus environ· 
ment free from prejudice for all 
members of our diverse campus 
community." she said. "Acts of hate. 
violence or harassment will not be 
tolerated on this campus." 

Aoyd urges anyone with informa· 
tion about the incident to C111 him at 
534-HELP, 

Monday, April I. 1996 

UCLA: Several 
legislators call for 
formal inquiries 
ContInued from pace 8 
tions. Former Speaker of the Assem· 
bly Willie Brown. former Lt. .Gov. 
Leo McCarthy and Sacramento lob· 
byist Ralph Ochoa made the most 
reque ts. according to records pro· 
duced by Arditli's office. Ochoa is 
currently under consideration to fill 
one of two vacancies on the UC BoarJ 
of Regents .. 

Although Arditti did not return 
seveml phone calls, he told the Times 
that the majority of the legislators' 
special requests were denied, 

"Sometime, they have an interest 
in their person and hope somehow 
that the person Will be treated favor-
ably , but yuu know we wind updeliv-
ering probably more bad new than 
gooJ m;w~aboutthesethlng~." Arditti 
told the Times. 
Now what? 

Two days after the original Times 
story appeared, UC President Richard 
Atkinson sent a leuer to the regents 
announcing that he had ordered UC 
Provost C. Judson King to conduct a 
review of UC admissions policies to 
determine the impact of special inter· 
ests on the process. 

"I also want to make clear that the 
university has no policy that affords 
preference to students as a result of 
letters or other communications on 
theirbehalfby prominent individuals, 
nor do we endorse such practices." 
Atkinson stated in the letter. 

Atkinson added that King's report 
wi II be completed by May 20, and that 
he will review the findings with the 
regents, the chancellors and the aca-
demiC council 

Interim Chancellor Marjori e 
Caserio said that UCSD considers 
every lelter of recommendation and 
inquiry it receive" and all are given 
equal weight. 

" I emphaSize that the deCision to 
admit is based on the applicant'saea· 

RISH IRI-IELTA 

The UCSD Guardian 

"The public n ..... to 
know that this Is 
their unlv .... lty, not 
the private playthln. 
of a few wellooplaced 
Individuals. " 

- Jess BraYln 
Student·Regent Designate 

demic credentials and UCSD's other 
publicized selection criteria, not by 
theprominenceorpotent ial influences 
of the inquirer." she said, 

Caserio added that she has asked 
the vice chancellors torevicw UCSD's 
admissions policies "to en ure that 
safeguards are m place to protect us . 
from external pressures and influences 
from prominent mdividuals." 

Several legislators. includingstah: 
enator Tom Hayden. D-Lo~ Ange· 

les. and Assemblywoman Margueri te 
Archie-Hudson, D·Los Angeles, ha vc 
also called for investigations into the 
matter. 

"What is scandalous here is that 
some officials regularly use their po-
sitions to improperly influence ad-
mission decisions." Archie·Hudson 
said. 'This raises troubling questions 
about the fairness of the uni versity 
admissions practices and the integrity 
of the university's governing board." 

Hayden. chair of the Senate Select 
Committee on Higher Education. an-
nounced Mareh 21 that his committee 
would hold a public hearing on April 
22 regarding the "growing evidence 
of a hidden subculture of favoritism" 
in UC admissions 

Hayden also called for regents, 
legi lators and university administra-
tors to adopt a code of ethics which 
would prohibit officeholders from 
using their positions to influence the 
uOlvcrsit} In ll1a ttcr~ or admission~ 
and hou~ing , as well a~ require that 
an) uni\ cr~ll y official receiving such 
a communication disclo 'e it immedi -
ately. 

Additionally, As~elllblYlllan 
Bernie RIChter, R-Chico, said March 

NEWS 9 

20 that he plans to amend the state 
budgetto include a prohibition against 
admissions tied to political influence 
or wealth. Richter is chair of the as-
sembly subcommittee which control 
UC finances, 

"The press accounts point to a 
rogue UC bureaucracy conniving 
with high government official to 
grant admissions to appl icants based 
on the content of their connections 
or the weight of their wallet." Rich-
ter said. 

According to Student Regent Des-
ignate Jess Bravi n, legislati ve inquir-
ies are an appropriate way of dealing 
with the controversy. 

'The public needs to know that 
this is their university. not the private 
plaything of a few well-placed indio 
vlduals." BrJvin said. "What we see 
across the board is an erosion of UC' s 
public character and an aduption of 
techniquc~ that may be appropriate 
for a private university. but really are 
contrary to what we should be all 
about." 

,--------------------, ~II~~~~!!! -. Tans for $1 1 
F"'H''''' chtnn onty Wuh ,hIS od. Exl' 4/30(96 ~ 1 
PElI.IEI' (~ mmws one for you and one for a friend 1 
.::::S~~fORMUlA () U:~~:.l'~ 130 TAN DAYS $19~9* I: 
__ SII. CARE . . 1 

P UMDER ARMS I 1 !RUSTS B Ib 1/2 bloc" • Wolff Beds • High Intensity u s 
~V~D 1 
Rdaxing. • Facial Tanners • Frequent Bulb Changes 1 
MVndIy " '''RS 

jffJifr(frJ~fi:~ UCSD Area Trill .. Tan m I Holiday ct. 4SS.opo,1 
JIll .'Lr.~~~r.~~:nic IP~ifi~ B~ach Pt. Loma Stadium Mission Valley I 

LA ~'LLI C ..... ATE CElTE. I ac c an 224-9727 281-7702 542-0391 I 2280 Garnet ., ... .-.. _ ........ 1'''. 00Ir.-- ......... ___ ........ , 
L 28..!.:906~ _ ~.,::!,,!!'::. "!..-::."!!.. '=-~~ ~~~ __ ..J (nat I/) MoIoI S!tJUonJ 558 -0888 



10 NEWS 

DNA: Genes are . must be careful with the scientific knowledge that we acquire. 
not solely responsible "With the best intentions, we are 
for behavior easily led down a road that our pre-decessors have traveled," Kitcher 
CoIIIInued from ,... 2 writes. "We start by trying to avoid 

"Our use of this technology ought human suffering and then inch our 
to be guided by the desire to raise way to full-blown eugenics." 
the quality of human lives - that is, Eu,enics, a term used frequently 
to make lives go as well as they can in the book, is the science that deals 
go," Kitcher said. with the improvement of hereditary 

''That has two components," he qualities. 
added. "One is trying to bring into Kitcher stressed that while some 
being people who have a really good believe in the notion of "genetic 
chance at a life that will nourish, determinism" - the idea that our 
land) the otheris doing whatever we behavior is completely tied to our 
can for the people who are actually genotype - there are other factors 
born." apart from a person's genotype 

Kitcher also warns his readers at which determine behavior. 
se veral moments in the book that we "In many cases, lives are ham-

New lIosher items 
. a9ailable at tbe 

-Chicken l Cherries with Apple 
Matzo Kueel and Spinach K~el 
-Romanian Chopped Steak with 

Mushroom Gray, 
-o.en fried Potatoes 

- 'eeetarian Plate 

The UCSD Guardian 

.. Wllhthe ..... prejudice is rampant," Kitcher said. 
InIaI.....,W ... .. A general theme of the book is that genetic problems don't necessarily 
e.llly led down • require genetic solutions." 
road ........ "We shouldn't think as genes as 
predec ......... 

being destiny," he added. "We 
should recognize that in many cases 

bai.I.d: We start by the genotype is only considered to 
~tonold"""" be unfortunate because of ways in which we operate as a society -
.................. ways that could be chango''''.'' 

Inch ... way to full. In Th~ Liv~s to Come, Kitcher emphasizes that while break-
blown ....... " throughs in molecular genetics could 

- PhIlp lUtcher potentially improve the quality of 
Author of The Lives to Come human life, there are parallel ac-

tions, such as improving environ-
pered not by intrinsic qualities of mental conditions, which could also 
the person but by the fact that that enhance human existence and which 
person is born intoasociety in which until this point have been largely 

Monday, April I, 1996 

ignored. _ 
In addition, Kitcher asserts that 

while scientific advances are prom-
ising, we must be careful not to 
abuse our new technologies. 

"Enhancing some human capaci-
ties, such as our ability to resist 
infectious disease, might benefit us 
all. But a widespread practice of 
improving on nature - say by in-
creasing our cognitive powers -
could easily have unhappy conse-
quences," Kitcher writes. 

"What can be done, either now 
or in the foreseeable fut~re , is not 
necessarily what should be done," 
Kitcher writes. "Doctors fiddle with 
patients' bodies in all kindsofways, 
but ought they be allowed to tamper 
with genes?" 

- -this 
Spring 

Courses begin April 1 
-Eft Plant Casserole 

-Spinach Kueell Carrot Tzimmls 
•••••••••••••••.•.................•...... 

, 

-Brisket of Beef with o.en 
Roasted Potatoes (I All DOD-eo.ne Item. Ire Plm. I) 11M .. 111 ...... I1.,. ........ 1r Cal ..... IIoarIl ... ., -,...'....,.1:11_ -.Id."'l 

.. ____ p_'~ __ ._':J1_._._-_.,_._.(_~ ... ~.~.~.' .. ~.M • .,_ .• ':J1 __ ' •• -••• Id.M._.l .... _ 

Come to the University of San Diego School of Education for graduate 5ch,ool. We offer: 
· M.A., M.Ed. and Ed.D. programs in Leadership 

-UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA 
SAN DIEGO 

Leadership programs are interdisciplinary degree programs for students interested in studying leadership in 
organizational, military, corporate, educational, human . services, and other settings. Students may also pursue the 
Administrative Services Credential. 

· M.A. and l\1:.Ed. programs in Gounseling 
The Counseling programs offer 30 and 48 unit master's degree programs in the areas of school counseling, human 
resources development/training, career counseling, and college and university counseling. Students may also pursue 
the PPS Credential or a Post-Master's Degree Professional Counselor Certificate. 

· Multiple subjects and single subject BCLAD credentials 
· Master's degrees and credentials in Special Education 
· M.A. and M.Ed. programs iIi Curriculum & Instruction 

The lO-unit Curriculum & Instruction program allows students to specialize in curriculum development, instructions, 
and literacy. 

· Marriage, Family, Child Counseling (MFCC) 
One of only four degree-granting MFCC programs in California that is accredited by the Commission on 
AccreditatioJl (COA) for Marriage and Family Therapy, the national organization recognized by the Department of 
Education for setting standards for marriage and family therapy education. 

Want to learn more about USD School of Education graduate programsl Plan to attend an information 
session on Monday,Aprii 1 on the USD Campus. For additional information. contact Bob Cornish in the 
Office of Graduate Admissions by calling 260·4524 or e-mail comishb@ac~sd.edu. 

Monday, April I, 1996 The UCSD Guardian 

SeJl YO'JT books 
.et 5 C'hances 

to win a $100. 00 
Gift Certificate 

to t 'he UCSD 
Bookstore! 

Textbook Buyback: 
April 1-5 from 9am-4pm 

There will be a drawinw at 4pm on each day of the buyback. 
This means that you wet 5 chances to win! 

JUst sell your books, keep your finwers crossed, 
and we'll do the rest! 

Textbook 
Department 

, .. e .0 ........ (619)53&-4557 
http://wvw-})()()katore. uclld.edu 

II 



12 The UCSD Guardian Monday, April I, 1996 Monday, April I, 1996 The UCSD Guardian OPINION 13 

UC REGENTS ARE Two-FACED POLITICIANS 
1WItGr: 

It is a BJUSS hypocrisy thal the UC 
regents who ardendy oppose aftinna-
tive action have employed !heir own 
Innd ~ pcnonaJ pref~ programs 
for 15 years. According to some UC 
regents, it is fine to usc their int1ucncc 
to help get relativC5, friends and chil-
dren of business partners admitted to 
UCLA. But when it comes to outreach 
programs forpcople of color, the same 
regents are !he first to cry unfairness. 

Hundreds of special admissions re-
quests were made by 80 public offi-
cials. One regent who voted to end af-
finnative action made 32 requests to 
UCLA for everyone from his nephew 
to the daughter of a builder in hi 

homeeown. WIIo'sncxt-hist.ber's 
third cousin7 Despiac the fact that 
some students in his personal prefer-
ence~'" medioc:Ie IICIdeINc 
records, the regent fought for their 
adnUsions 1IllIIeIheIess. 

A rqcnt's cJauahter Wti rejc:cted 
from UCLA until mom placed a call 
to the admissions office. The univer-
sity reversed its decision. 

~ is the rigleous indignation 
we would see if the students were 
minorities? Where is the outrage over 
straight-"A" students who were tumed 
away for these academic rejects? 

Regents who voted to abandon af-
finnative action for minorities while 
preserving it for themselves have un-

nsitive, Affordable Dental Care 
We're taking a new little approach to dental cate. Convenient hours 
and location. Gentle and caring treatment at affordable fees. All in a 
cozy new dental office with videos and current reading material to put 
you at ease during your visit. 

We're committed to doing our best to provide preventative, cosmetic, 
and restorative dental care to keep your dental bills down, your mouth 
healthy, and your smile bright . Call us today. 

LA JOLLA VILLAGE DENTAL OFFICE 
ames E. Sanford, D.D.S. 

General, Preventative, and Cosmetic Services 
M Oll UCSD In.\Suran<:e acceprtd • Relaxed , {riendl, lJ11TIOsp/lne • Vuuo(SI/!Teo 

• Member ADA, CDA, SOCDS 

La lolla Village Professional Center 
8950 Villa La lolla Dr., Suite 2103 

Top Floor, jusl behind EI T onw 
Evening & SaIUTda, apPOintment.! DVllllttb/t 

1·5 at La Jolla ViUage Drive 558-3490 

courses this quarter! 
LTEN 50 Introduction to Shakespeare 
Professor Thomas Dunseath 
m-t 10:00-11 :20 WLH 21 1 1 

LTGN 100 The Classical Tradition 
ANCIENT LIVES: THE ART OF BIOGRAPHY 
Professor Robert Gurval 

Readers'Forum 
The GuwCllen 

9500 Gilman Dr. 0316 
La Jolla. CA 92093{)316 

wittingly demonstrated the reason out-
reach programs are sti II needed. 

Jennirer Coburn 

BOOK NOW I 
FOR YOUR 
~SUMMER VACATION! : 
NEW YORK 
CHICAGO 
PAIlIS 
LONDON 
FRANKFURT 
AMSTERDAM 
HONG KONG 
SYDNEY 

$149* 
$164* 

Trave'" ~ 
YOUR ON-CAMPUS TRAVEL EXPERTS 

IN THE UCSD PRICE CENTER 
(AcIlOSS fllOM IHE 8oOI<s10llf) 

452-0630 
Houu M-F·9-S, W·lo-S ... ",5·10-2 

TH 2:30-5:20 Center 220 -------------------------------~ 
LTGN 123/LTIT t 40 Women in Italy 
"LET'S SPIT ON HEGEL" 
Professor Stephanie Jed 
MWF 11 :00-11 :50 WLH 2115 

LTGN 149 Jewish Experience in LIterature 
Professor Robert Baruch 
TH 2:30-3:50 Center 21 7B r---------------------~-------~ 
LTGN 170 Travel LIterature 
CONTEMPORARY JAPAN THROUGH AMERICAN EYES 
Pro(essor Jerome Griswold 
ru 4:00-6:50 CSB 001 -----------------------------~ 
LTGN t 80G Visual Arts, FUms &. Uterature: Rlmlc Genre 
SOME LIKE IT HOT to PULP FICTION 
Professor AJain Cohen 
W 3:()()"S:50 . Center t 05 ----.----------~--------------~ 
LTSP 190/800 Seminar . 

,...... Clbltloaa Are 
Not CIOs' Pllwltt 
Editor: 

I would like to clear up some flC-
tual errors in a recent Gl/QrrJian edi-
torial ("'Visual Services' $5,700 
Loss lust Another UCSD Statistic," 
March 7, 1996). The Community 
Service Officers (CSOs) - not 
Campus Security Officers - are 
students who provide daytime park-
ing-lot patrol. They do not write ci-
tations during daYlime hours. Their 
job is to deter potential thieve and 
to observe and report illegal acti v-
ity. During evening hours, they write 
parking citations; but thaI is not their 

priority. They III"C not just ·'a bunch 
of students on bikes patroIlilll park-
iDa lots for parting vioilliODs" and 
they are not '1Ianding out a dozen 
parting tickets per hour in every 
parking 101 on campus." 

In the Feb, S edition of the Guard-
ian, you ran an excellent cover story 
011 the cso Program based upon facts. 
We appreciated it because we work 
Iwd to provide a valuable service to 
the campus and try to make the cam-
pus safe. We ask that the G,JtlrrJian 
check its facts so misinfomldtion is not 
given to our community. 

Russ Reulber 
CSO Progrllm Coordiaator 

UCSD Police Department 

SALON DAVID P~Ri; 
full service salon 

• Hairservices, Products, Manicures, , 
Facials & Massage 

• The Haircolor & Highlight Specialist 
Thurs-F n 9am-9pm _ Mon-Wed.9am-6pm 457 1221 
Sat: IOpm-4pm 

• 
8650 Genesee Ave. 

Costa Verde Mall • 1111 
WE USE AND RECOMMEND 

PURE & NATURAL HAIR CARE 
----------il UCSD SPECIAL 

:All College Students receive: 
125% OFF, 
I All Services. . ~~ !::'j~/~i' ad' ~---------- '----------' 

TAKES ON MACHISMO IN CHICANO/ A WRIllNG 
Professor Marta Sanchez 
11H to:()()'l t :20 Center 22A8 . , 

Exclusive Engagement 
starts Friday. April 12 

..... .-..n 

.......... M 
North Terr.ce PIIa ..... 3 
DawnIDwn ...... . 



14 OPINION The UCSD Guardian ~o~y, April I, 1996 

BACKER HEADS DIFFERENT PROGRAM THAN THAT STATED BY ARTICLE 
Editor: 

Referring to Suketu Vaishnav's 
article "UCSD Reacts 10 
Connerly's Outreach, Financial 
Aid Stance" (March 14, 1996), in 
which you report UCSD's commu-
nity reaction to UC Regent Ward 
Connerly's attempt to include out-
reach programs as pan of the Re-
gents' Resolution to Abolish Af-
firmative Action. Please note the 
following ; The director of Early 
Academic Outreach Program 
(EAOP) at UCSD is Eustacio 
"Chato" Benitez, not Richard 
Backer, as your article reports. 

I think it is imponant to make a 
di stinction between outreach ser-

vices as they relate to recruitment, 
which Backer directs, and EAOP, 
which I have directed for the last 
20 years. Backer directs an outreach 
program related to recruitment , 
which has not been targeted by 
Connerly. EAOP, on the other hand, 
was Connerly' s latest target. 

In this respect, it is important to 
note thaI Connerly initially ex-
pressed a willingness to support 
programs like EAOP SD that 
underrepresented students could be -
academically prepared at the end of 
their high school years, Lhus mak-
ing it unnecessary to award points 
for an applicant's ethnicity. 

In fact, Connerly even offered to 

.~ .• '~I'" COSTA ~~~------~ 
VERDE ~ 'Ill JlIIIJ~lI(a" ~. 
CAR WASH ." •• "".' J J Di 
• III @W".. J. .....1-* 

OPEN 7 DAYS • ALL SOFT CLOTH WASH 
SHELL GASOLINE & DIESEL AT COMPETITIVE PRICES 

---~------------------! _ FuB.ASH $ /,.99 ! 
: COSTA Pitt Wax Sealer ~ ...... I 
I VE.RDE. Not YIIid wIIh.ny othlt' oller. SAl£ I 
I ( O\R WASII Explres5l15196 $3 .• ' I 

~----------------- ______ I 

Readers 'Forum 
The GuardIan 

9500 Gilman Dr. 0316 
La Jolla. CA 92093-0316 

raise $50,000 for programs like 
EAOP so as to have academically pre-
pared underrepresented students 

We are fortunate to have Dr. V1adamir Kozlov join us from Moscow 
in the spring to offer Sociology/D 188E, Soviet Society , and 
~iology/D 189, "Communism and its Fate. " 

whom the UC could RaUil This, he 
stated in Slate and national publica-
tions, would make up for the exclu-
sion of race as a factor. Recently, 
however, he retracfed this position by 
attempting to include EAOP as part 
of the Regent's Resolution to Abol-
ish Affinnative Action. 

Clulto Bemlez 
Director, Early Academic 

OulnllCb Pl'OInm 

Editor: 
There is a bright side to 

California's rejection of the three 

legaJ-refonn initiatives - Proposi-
tions 200, 201 and 202. If imple-
mented, these reforms would have 
required a massive government re-
training program to convert thou-
sands of bright, articulate ambu-
lance chasers into producti ve mem-
bers of society. These lawyers 
would then have to meet the new 
labor-market demand from corpo-
raLions relocating their businesses 
to California. 

We wouldn't want that to happen. 
Thank goodness we can instead 

look forward LO a further exodus of 
our evil California corporations and 
their jobs. I feel safer already. 

Bonney Wikkering 

A BRIGHT, SOPHISTICATED COMEDY! 
Sin Diego P".liere! 

A COUPLE 
OF THREE 
CatalyunialSpain • .llICtltllly ANTONIO VEIUUUER 

The tale 01 a public relations executive as 
she tries to win the man of her dreams. 

April Z • lieU., • .,11 • UCSD Mlndnilll "~ibri •• 
u. $I- ...... $4 - UCSD ... Offia 534-TlIS 

Monday, Aplil I, 1996 

PITZED: Lone 
win came vs. Pomona 
Continued from ,... 18 
singles players to pull off the 
win for the squad. 

Number-two Wilson, number-
three Eric Steidlmayet and num-
ber-six Rahul Batra each over-
powered their opponents, but that 
wasn ' t enough to defeat 
Redlands. 

"The doubles point was cru-
cial and put us behind," Turner 
said . "We had a slow start. moved 
ahead 3-2, but then we lost the 
next two. The doubles point is so 
importanl in these malches ." 

Despite falling to the Bull-

BIBC 100 
BICD 100 
BICD 110 
BICD 131 
BILD 1 
BILD 2 
BILD 3 
BILD 10 
BILD 32 
BIMM 100 
BIMM 101 
BIMM 110 
BIMM 112 
BIMM 124 
BIPN 100 
BIPN 102 
BIPN 124 
BlEB 154 
BlEB 164 
BlEB 176 
CHEM 6A 
CHEM 13 
CHEM 105B 
CHEM 112B 
CHEM 114C 
CHEM 135 
CHEM 167 

dogs, the Tritons have an oppor-
tunity to meet Redlands again in 
the semifinals of the NCAA 
regionals. This will determine the 
Western representative for the 
Division III Nationals competi-
tion. 

"It was a really close match 
and good for Ihe team. It gave us 
a chance to see if we really can 
beat them," number-two doubles 
player Ben Beckersaid . "We will 
play them again in the regionals, 
and [ think we will have the con-
fidence to do beller." 

UCSD will have a week off 
before returning to action .next 
Monday against Soulhern Cali -
fornia College at 2 p.m. on the 
North Couns. 

CHEM 171 
LlGN 4 
LlGN 22A 
MATH 20A 
MATH 20C 
MATH 20E 
MATH 20F 
Physics 1 A, B, C 
Physics 2A, B, C 
Physics 2CL 
Physics 2D 
Physics 5 
Psych 1 
Psych 2 
Psych 4 
Psych 60 
Psych 102 
Psych 103 
Psych 104 
Psych 106 
Psych 145 
Psych 148 
Psych 154 
Psych 169 
Psych 178 
Psych 180 

u 

TIlt GeMrai Store T.xtbook Dept. is Io(oted OH0S5 
from AS Soh Reserves 9next to AIM modline) 

The UCSD Guardian 

BOWS: Hawaii 
breaks UCSD twice 
Continued from p.,. 18 
. TheTritonspushedtheRainbows 

in game one before eventuaJly faJl-
ing, 15-11. The team was able to 
repeat its goal of double-figure scor-
ing in the second game, as it tallied 
JO points in a losing effort. With a 
rejuvenated offense, the leam was 
able to spread out its scoring oppor-
tunities, finishing with three players 
in double figures for kills. Black 
finished with 24, Yarris tallied II 
and Riley put away 10 kills. 

The Tritons face Long Beach 
State on Thursday in one of their 
final horne matches of the season. 

DOUBLE: 
Break: yields 2 wins 
Continued from !NIl. 22 
number-two singles position due 
to an aggravated pulled muscle, 
her Triton teammates stepped up 
and were successful in their new 
positions. Somers defeated her 
Sagehen opponent easily, 6-1,6-
I , at number lWO. Takemoto 
earned a victory, 6-2, 6-2, and 
Huberman bested her opponent, 
6-0, 6-3, at the third and fourth 
spots, respectively. 

Meanwhi Ie, Hoecker did not 
faJter at number fi ve, taking the 
win, 6-0, 6-2. UCSD, however, 
suffered losses at both ends of the 

SPORTS 15 

singles ladder. Malenphansakul 
played well, but could not top her 
opponent, a former Division m Na-
tional singles champion. Freshman 
Jennifer Drimmer, playing in the num-
ber-six position, played a solid match, 
but was beaten, 6-4, 6-3. 

"Jennifer hasn'tgouen the chance 
to play many tough matches," 
LaPlanle said. "She played a good 
opponent, didn't get nervous and 
played really well [on Saturday]." 

Last week's showdowns against 
Fullerton and Pomona provided the 
level of competition and confidence 
the Tritons need in order to prepare 
for national-level ballies. The UCSD 
women travel to Arizona on Thurs-
day to test their skills against top-
ranked Trinity. 

I'or more Information, call 534-PLUS (7587). 

• 

BACKlsCHOOL 
HOURS 

MON.·FRI. 8:45·6:00 
REGUlAR HoURS MON.-FRI. 8:45-5:00 

534-3932 
Located in the Old Student Center 

across from the Main Gym 

. Genera\ Store Q• Why \S the the high-Pric.e 
I.. '2ner than Co-o~ c.1,e..,. , 
BookstOre. 

Center ',s not tor 
era\ Store A. ,he Gen b students tor 

t: We are run Y ~rol't. 
students 

We Alw!lS 
B.:AT 
the Bookstore 
ULCUUlTORS • BACKPACKS 

SCHOOL SUPPUES • ART SUPPUfS 

H OUSEHOLD & H YGIENE ITEMS 

JEWEL/(J' 

SUNGUlSSfS 

FOOD & SODA 

PHOTO SPECIAL (April 1-12) 
Double Prints 

For Single Print price. 
3n~ 4", and Photogalaxy 

SHOP CO-OP 
AND SAVEl 

See Dick go to Bookstore 

See Dick spend lots of $$$ 
Don't be 0 Dick? 



16 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian Monday, April I, 1996 

1Iiton Defense Breaks Down, Again 
GIVE-AWA,Y: UCSD continues to make mistakes, committing errors and hitting into double plays 

Chuck Nguyen/ Guardian 

Delivery: Starter Dave Takehara 
hurls a fastball in a 8-6 loss . 

By Seen Rahlml 
Associate Sports Editor 

The spring holiday turned out to 
be a disappointing hiatus for the 
UCSD baseball team, as it lost two 

of three home games. 
Going into the break, 
the Tritons had im-
proved their record to 
5-9-1, looking to get 
closer to the .500 
mark. 

The hardballers , 
however, lost a close 

game to the second-ranked 
Kingsmen from Cal Lutheran early 
la t week, and last aturday they 
blew the second game of a double-
header to the Rams of Cornell Col-
lege (IA) after easily handling the 

Volunteers are needed tor Research Drug FREE 
Study. All testing and study medications are 

Qualified participants will be paid up to $360 . 
for participation 

431a-5189 Ask for DllJMa, Helen Call.r- or SIMa 
Warren W. Ple.kow, M.D. 

DIPLOMAT(, AMERICAN BOARD OF AllERGy/IMMUNOLOGY 

Iowans in the first game. 
Junior right-handed hurler 

David Mullin notched his first col-
legiate victory with a complete-
game shutout in the opener on Sat-
urday. He limited Cornell College 
to four singles. while striking out 
two and walking just one during 
the scheduled even innings. BOIh 
games were concluded after seven 
innings at the request of the visit-
ing Rams. 

UCSD cruised to an early 4-1 
lead in the nightcap on the strength 
of four runs in the bottom of the first 
inning. After the Rams scored an 
initial run during the top of the first , 
freshman starter David Takehara 
settled down and held the Rams 
scoreless through four innings. 

•........ ~ 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• RalNldllnn, 278-0800 • 
• It Clliremont MeuIHwy-163 • 

• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • • -2000 watts Sound ...... 
• -Turldlh Mualc , Patry- • 
• Can 619038-TURK • 
_ ........ , 

Atthe start of the fifth inning, the 
Tritons were cruising, having given . 
up only one run on one hit. But then, 
in what has become more the norm 
than the exception, everything fell 
apart. 

The Triton defense and pitch-
ing faltered again , making mis-
takes which led to Ram runs. Sud-
denly, the score read 8-4 in favor 
of Cornell. UCSD finished with 
three errors - an escapable tally, 
had it not committed them at all 
the wrong times. 

"You can ' t give any team fi ve or 
six outs in one inning," Triton Head 
Coach Robert Fletcher said. 

UCSD went on to lose by a score 
of 8-6, hitting into a crucial double 
play in the bottom ofthe sixth to end 

a potential go-ahead threat. 
The second-ranked Kingsmen 

came to La Jolla on Wednesday, 
March 19 to ball Ie the Tritons, who 
were looking to avenge two earlier 

losse~ to the same Cal Lu squad. 
The matchup pitted the staff aces 

of both squads against each other, as 
senior southpaw Mike Bryant took 
on Kingsmen star Andrew Barber. 
The two pitchers locked heads in a 
classic duel, sending the game into 
extra innings tied at two. 

Cal Lutheran, however, scored 
two runs in the top of the 10th on 
Eric Burbcn's two-run, RBI single. 
Kingsmen closer Rudy Lesko picked 
up his second victory of the season, 
while Triton counterpart Andy 
deGrasse dropped to 2-2. 

1tAW Master Mechanics 
VoIIcstuaga • AudI 

Dodg. • Plymouth· ChrysW 
F_1Iy 0.-." & o,wr",." -S.rII" s". DNJlO .".". 1!)81 11M,.".. .. Otw Speddyll """" ---. _ . AI.DII. OOOG&. I'lIMOUlHll. or 00IIMIBh, 

----- ..... 
~I,.. ___ -

"".,.._, liM ._UI'~. 
~ ..... DII ..1:1 aoIr",tor __ 
~-._"JI 
~""".T. d 1 ....... _ 

Students, Faculty & Staff ~-....-.--........ 
"AWe "$ , .liII'wba .... ,,-....... shuttle service avaitabte to campus 
~-.~ ........ 10% Discount with Current ID 
IJ 
-

• • vila - rrIc - crnex - ciJcO\ler - aim 5820 al!JTOPORT Mall 450-9494 

W'ow! I 
beli 'eve 

can't 
they 

$1 00 bucks 
worth of Spring 

on 

Quarter 
Textbooks! 
Way to go! 

To.tlt.Oklll 
D.p.,t .... t 

,It .,134-41.7 " .. _ 
hit :lIwww-bookltor •. uold .• du 

Monday, April I, 1996 

BREAK: Records 
fall at UCSD invite 
Continued from page 24 
presence of mind to roll out of the 
potential disaster, quickly regain-
109 hi feet and shaking off any 
negati ve effects. Walsh finished in 
9:34. 15, in spite of his shaky start. 
Rhodes Walton also performed well , 
a he took eighth in hiS first-ever 
~teerlechase With a time of9 :41.15 . 

The men 's fi eld events were high-
lighted by a pair of record-shatter-
ing performances. Adam Setliff of 
USA track and field broke the old 
mark in the discus, hurling it an 
additional 2' 10" to a distance of 
214' . Japan 's Tetsuva Shida also 
enjoyed the sunny surroundings, as 
he long jumped 25 '6", an 8" im-
provement over the old record. 

UCSD 's field athletes had a fair 
share of success. Geoff Lambert and 
Randy Buehler - both competing 
at the invitational level - finished 
ninth and 11th, respectively, and 
continued to throw well. 

"[Lambert and Buehler] are con-
sistently throwing near their best 
dislances in every meet ," Van 
Arsdale said. 

Marl< Pslterson/Guatdlan 

5,000: J.J. Castner is on track. 
Javelin thrower Bo Harvey al so 

did well , launching his spear to a 
personal record distance of 156' II ", 
which was II th best among the large 
open field . The field events were 
especially well attended because of 
the well -known quality of UCSD's 
facilities for such events as lhe ham-
mer throw and discus. 

"We had people coming up the 
day of the meet and asking if they 

The UCSD Guardian 

could get in [to the field)," Van 
Arsdale said, "I didn'l like saying 
'no' , but I got real good at it. " 

The women ' side was as excit-
ing as the men ' s, as five meet 
records fell . including the Ameri -
can record in the pole vault. Three 
of the other records were also in 
field events -the long jump. di s-
cus and highjump. The final record 
was broken by Inger Miller, who 
ran unattached in the 100 meters 
and finished in a blazing time of 
11.17, easily eclipsing the previ -
ous meet record 0 f I I. 60. 

For UCSD, the highlights began 
in '!le distance events. Paola Avila 
took second in the invitational (ield 
of the 10,000 meters. improving on 
her previous best time from last year 
by well overthree minutes to finish 
in 41 :55.99. Wendy Chiasson al so 
set a personal record in the 5,000 
invite, taking 11th in 19:20.74. The 
final Triton distance queen was 
Sanam Pirayesh, who posted a per-
sonal record of II :28.37 in the open 
3,000. 

UCSD had a number of successes 
in the field as well . Tara Monaghan 
continued her strong performance 
in the hammer throw, as she took 

See BREAK, Page 19 

\J,lIow' BTiek" Ro"d - ---. ..---
• I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

'7 FAMt'LY AMUSEMENT CENTERS : . 
~~ BUY 4 TOKENS ••• GET I 

L1 ~'N'~~! 
th ltTC Food Court 

WHAT KIND OF BIRD ARE YOU? 

, , 

\ , 

.~­
#~ .. 

PREP COURSE 
· "·~.#f" 

Get ahead of the flock. Our Home Prep Pack contains the best MCAT 
sciences review materials in existence - available on April 17th. 

~) Diagnose your shortcomings beiore they become problems. 
... Discover now which areas (Verbal?) may need extra attention. 

1) Choose your session early. With only 24 students 
~ per class, popular sessions will sell out quickly. 

~ ~ We offer a discount to Early Birds. Sign up 
.. J by april 12111 and get a $50 discount. 

800 MD-BOUND 619·~55-1000 
.L1u._ ~ .. I~ __ .... <'7,,"&1.,., ... 7111 e/ 

(NO FOOLIN') ., 1";;IIIT'SrIlETOGATSIIIIUIJIOOrTlCrEsr.-

SPORTS 17 ' 

NOW IN PAPERBACK 

"Iorts ABoUT TIME SOMEONE 
WROTE ~HE DEFINITIVE 

HISTORY OF TIME •••• 
I CAN ~ Of NO ONI 

ama 1'IWI PAIIL DAVIIS ••• 
EINmlN HIMSELF WOULD 

HAVE ION PLEASED." 
-Machio Koku, author of 

Hyperspace: A Scienlilic oJyaey 
Through ParoJlel UniWKJeS 

.. ELEGANnY WRITTIN 
ANt COMMIHINSIIU, 

ML 0/1 WONDER AND LUCID IXPLANA'IIONL .. 
~AngelesT_ 

III A wmy MID IMAGING EXPLOItATION Of' THI ....... 
Of TIllE. ..... OMIIS IXAIIIIIIS 1111 CXMfIEOUbICIS 

Of EtNsTWS lMIOIIY or ~ MD 0fI'IIII1lMnJIIG 
IUMIS1'IOIII AIOUf WHAT MClIn' MSIAIlCM MAY ~ 

VVho can help in the 
classroom? 

We've got our 
hands up. 

Educators are learning 

students' projects, color overheads, 
oversize copies, color copies, and 
other school supplies. Even mM~ and 
Macintosh- workstations. To learn 
more, visit our World Wide Web site at 
http://www.kinkos.com or call1-SOO-2-KINKOS. 

--------------

.... thisc ........ _KilJD·'iIILajalo ...... ...,...Iidod.''' ... 1I· L'-IID'S . 

.. ..... c ...... 20 . ...... IIond ... ~IIdI! c.....,......... .. .... _. 
~ ..... "' ............ 1I_ .................... 0II0r 
IIIiMod ID ........... ,.. -.VIIW. KIND~ La jail...." \bur bnnch ~ 
1>10 ........... 0.. ........... 111 .... 
"Odio~-,... ___ .. -_,.~ ... ""c."...-_ ..... _ ...... 



·{S SPORTS The UCSD Guardian 

Bows Rain on Tritons Twice 
TOP D08: The Hawaii Rainbows, undefeated in conference play and boasting 
the numer-one ranking, came to town and beat UCSD on two occasions 
.,-.w ..... 
Sts"Wrlte, 

Last week's break was not just 
sun and surf for the UCSD men's 
volleyball team, as the Tritons hid 

to continue their play 
in the highly 
competative Moun-
tain Pacific Sports 
Federation. 

The team found 
itself going head-to· 
head with the num-
ber-one ranked Divi-

sion J volleyball squad in the nation, 
the University of Hawaii , which 
made sure tlie UCSO vacation was 
anything but pleasant. 

In the first of thei r two matches, 
the Rainbows, who came to town 
undefeated in conference play, 
flexed their muscles and did not 
give the underdog Tritons any hopes 
of an upset by sweeping the match 

-vn three games. 
Hawaii made it clear early that 

they would be controlling the nets. 
The Tritons were unable to contend 
with the dominant front-line of the 
Rainbows and did not record a block 
throughout the match. In contrast, 
the University of Hawaii was able to 
stuff IO blOCks. 

Despite being slightly over-
matched up front, the Tritons were 
still able to take advantage of sev-
eral opponunities to put up some 
good hilling numbers. Senior Tom 
Black, who has played well regard-

,. 

less of the competition, continued 
his stellar scuon by Ieadin, the Tri-
tons with 20 kills in the fint RIIlCh. 

Sophomore Jon Yams was the 
only other scoring threat for UCSD, 
as he put away six of his nine scor-
ing opportunities. 

"We were a little intimidated the 
first night," Head Coach Doug 
Damevik said, "but the second night 
we set some goals for ourselves-IO 

all but gone, UCSD seuled inlO its 
usuaJ style of play and performed at 
a much higher level. After being 
shut out in blockiRl the previous 
night, the front-line core of Guy 
Mount and Devon Jeffcoat stepped 
up 10 lead the Tritons in out-block-
ing the Rainbows. 

Another first-night struggle to 
plague UCSD was its inconsistency 
in returning serves. 

End of the raInbow?: There was no gold for the Tritons, as they 
scrambled to no avail against the number-one ranked Hawaii team. 

score in double figures and to come 
with more intensity to the gym." 

The Tritons: ranked number three 
in Division III, achieved the goals 
they had set for themselves in the 
second match. With the jitters of 
facing the nation's number-one team 

"We gOl served off the coon in !he 
first match," Dannevik said. "but Matt 
Riley and Jon Yarris passed much 
better in the second [match), and that 
improvedourovenllgame.Asateam, 
we stepped up competitively." 

See BOWS, page 15 

~onday,April I, 1996 

UCSD Salvages Break 
THE Pili: A Triton w.in over Pomona Pitzer 
turns out to be the only victory of the off week 
., NIcole .......... 
GullRllan Repone, 

The UCSD men's tennis team 
pulverized Pomona last Satur-
day, endin, its losing streak over 
Spring Brcalt with a decisive 6-1 
victory over the Sa,ehens. 

Previously that week, the 
Tritons fell to Redlands in a close 
league loss, 3-4, and were swept 
7-0 by Division I Brown Univer-
sity . 

Defeating the Sagehens 
proved easy for the Tritons. Tri-
tons dominated Pomona 
in doubles competition, 
winning all three of the 
matches. 

In the number-one po-
sition, Dan Brounstein de-
feated his opponent, but 
not without a tough battle. 
The match came down to 
the final set, with Brounstein 
trailing 5-3 in the late going. 
However, the top Sagehen was 
unable to maintain his intensity 
and Brounstein came back to grab 
the victory, 7-5 . 

Another example of UCSO's 
unwillingness to lose came from 
fourth -seed Steve Shabel, who 
conquered his opponent easily, 
6-0, 6-0 . The win over the 
Sagehens was just what the Tri-
tons needed to even their season 
record at 6-6 and reaffirm them-
selves as number three in the 
West. 

Unfonunately, UCSD didn't 

fare as well against Brown Uni-
versity on March 24. The Trito,,", 
looked to their lower-seated play-
ers to fill the lineup because top-
sealed J)rounstein, as well as two 
other top players, were unable to 
attend the Sunday match. 

"We played them at half 
strength ," Head Coach Brian 
Turner said. "This match was 
scheduled at the last moment and 
if we had been full strength, I'm 
sure we could have made it com-
petitive." 

Coupled with the lack 
of experience and the pow-
erful play of the opposing 
squad , UCSD was unable 
to prevail. Brown com-
pleted all its victories in 
two sets, and swept the 
doubles matches. 

" It felt good playing 
number one, but it was a tough 
match," Mike Wilson said. "I was 
ahead 3· 1 , but my opponent came 
back. It was bad that I lost , but it 
gave a lot of the team a chance to 
get experience." 

Experience was also gained 
in the Triton's square-offagainst 
the University of Redlands on 
March 15. Although UCSD was 
unable to oust the Bulldogs from 
the number-two spot in the West, 
the Tritons remained right on 
their tail in third place. 

With UCSD unable win a 
doubles match, it was up to the 

See PlTZED, Page 15 

Just ... .- holt Gene Bank' s 3 simple questions lWId you 
could win • cIIIId .... eeI to your own Sl*iflcationsl 

MoNtay, April I, 1996 

SD: Crew Classic 
has four UCSD entries 
Continued from INC. 24 
Humboldt, Stanford and in a bit of 
cross-lawn revenge, SDSU, in the 
Saturday final. 

The Triton women entered three 
boats: novice A and B crews and a 
lightweight four-woman boal. The 
novice A boat competed in the larg-
est field in the regatta. containing 23 
crews vying for the classic crown. 

In Saturday's heat, the UCSO 
rower~ finished third to earn a berth 
in the petite final againSlrivals USD, 
SDSU and UC Irvine. In that event, 
the Tritons finished a strong second, 
beating SDSU by seven and USD 

by 10 seconds. Irvine finished a 
distant 20-plu, seconds back. 

Because only fi ve teams were en-
tered in the event, the novice B crew 
competed in a straight final. In the 
preliminary heat on Saturday to deter-
mine lane placings,the Tritons placed 
third behind Stanford and UCSB. In 
the fmal race on Sunday, however, 
UCSO faltered, falling to fifth. 

The final Triton boat, a lightweight 
four, competed in an intense field 
which included 1995 NCAA finalists 
from Radcliffe, Villanova and Texas. 
UCSO itself had also been in atten-
dance at last year' s national champi-
onships.lnits heatonSaturday, UCSO 
finished third behind Western Wash-
ington and Wisconsin. 

That finish was good enough, 

elBA NewVues $144 * --.. -.,-.~-. FREE l-PAIR COLORED 
CONTACTS· WJ FRESH LOOK 

" "I I' " , • , • I· • 

--------

«II I'll"\ ... \\ I H 

The UCSD Guardian 

however, to qualify the Tritons for 
the grand final on Sunday. Unfortu-
nately, Sunday's race saw UCSD 
suffer from a stroke of bad luck 
which cosl the Triton rowers the 
finish they had expected. 

With Villanova and Radcliffe 
battling at the front, UCSD was in 
the middle of the pack competing 
for third when a boat wake, which, 
according to Triton Head Coach Jack 
Vallerga, "didn' t seem to affect the 
other lanes," literally brought the 
UCSD boat to a ·halt in ttie water. 

That wake dropped the Tritons 
into a distant sixth . UCSD did man-
age to battle back into fifth place 
before reaching the finish line. The 
final result was nonetheless a disap) 
,ointment for the team. 

BROWN EYES TO BLUE 
HAZEL / GREEN/GRAY I 
WJ IJtJtIAStJFT -2 C,,'.re" C"""cls I $149* PIN -latural Touch 

_2.:~.~:.ronIY $99* I .1~_'~~~~~'C-kII"" 

BREAK: Huge 
contingent visits SD 
Contlnued from fUll. 17 
third in the highly competitive in-
vitational field with a throw of 
157'6". In the discus, it was the 
Tritons' Angie Allen who had the 
top throw in the open field, when 
she sent the disc flying to a dis-
tance of 129'9". 

UCSD's Sabrina Nielson, com-
peting in only her second triple 
jump replacing the injured Li a 
Shepard, put forth what Van 
Arsdale called a "championship 
effort." Nielson finished third in 
the open field with a hop, skip and 
a jump of 33 " ". Finally, in the 

high jump, Heather Winberry, 
competing through the pain of a 
bad ankle, took 10th place in the 
invitational field,clearing5'2.25". 

In the final race of the day,the 
Triton women finished strong in 
the hotly contested 4 x 400 relay. 
UCSO ' s quartet of Odette 
Velasquez, Maggie Dwire, Robyn 
Herskowitz and Micheala 
Monahan took second place be-
hind UCLA witha time of3:59.85. 
It was the strong final legs of 
Herskowitz and Monahan which 
separated UCSD from a tight pack, 
which consisted of the U.S. Ma-
rines and Long Beach City Col-
lege, catapUlting the Tritons to a 
provisional NCAA qualifying 
time. 

New Patient OHer 
$ .,,, * R~~';~I~:tine Cleaning ~ ~ & Complete ExIllOUlation 

• Necessary X-Rays · Oral Cancer Screenmg 
• Periodontal Examination ' Olnsultat ion 

Offer up. ~/l 5196 

~.~~~!'! $299 
Offer «p. ~/15196 Reg_ $700 _"'175.00 L ·_125 ____ _ 

- ..... rtEAII- - T -IIIII'OSAILE ctJIITACTS- T - IURA ctJIIF.,,- -$89* I $62* I UTEEYEBIMSLEII$E$ 1M .. .,. .. 4 11011. 111 ... " I ",." * 
' __ fum.=~~~ I ._S25~~~~1 I_H ... i:l1DD1 99 -------~--------~--------

Marc Bowers, D.D.S. 
9119 Genesee Ave. 

suite 140 
PROFESSIONAL 
DENTAL GROUP 

OF LA JOLLA 
QuaUty Care & Reasonable Fees @ y~.!!9~~~Ft~OM!!~R:!!.!!.--~ .. , 551-1144 ll:C=--=:::C:lliC'::BI"'_=-IIIII~O~pen=:E~:=. &~Smllrda'l fry Il/lPOIntlllDli . MedICo! and mOll mswrana .<ct/,.. • .• 

U CS D 
I 

S HOP 
Don't get left behind ... Ride on by and check out our merchandise 

at unbeatab1e low pricesl 
The UCSD Bike Shop is located on the ground level 

of the Student Center and is open 

Monday to Friday lOam to 5pm 
.. 

.. 



20 CLASSlflEDS The UCSD Guardian 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
~lizationS. & GIIIks - 111CII8. 

'p. PR. and awe,.,.. in the 
GUlldian cIasaifted 8I1IIOUI1C8mInI. (Mi) 
.... tile TrMIitIon. RUIh AJpIIe ICIppe 
Pal this spring quarter. !he only c:o-ed 
proIeaionaI business fralemily on~. 
NeIwofk. be succeeslul. hive alutur8. (411-
4118) _ 

CLASSIFIEDS 
Classified Line 

Ad Rates 
1hudIntI: 12 per 20 worcII • 

FecuIty • 111ft: 13 per 20 worcII 
AI oIIerI: 14 per 20 worcII 

AdvIInce payment Is requiAld. 

Intern lor Real Estate Consulting Firm 
developing 3.400 home community. 
SIeIdng responsible. t-aous. motivIIed 
incIYiduaI. Compensation & l'eaIexpoeura. 
Proficient in W'P 6.0. lotus 1-2-3. Send 
resume to : Intem Posffion. 380 Stevens 
Avenue. Sune 307. Solana Beach. CA 
92075; Fax (610) 793-8070. (411-4111) 

Th. UCSO G.wdJ8il .... "'" the right to claulfy. edit. delete oIfenIIve words and 
phra .... andlor reru •• any and allldv.nlSemenll wiIIIouI prior notIflcatIon. TIle Acl\rertiser 
WIll nOl hOld tile Glllfraian IIIIbIe lor any claims rHUlllng from the publtc.tIon 01 the 
advertisement. Tile publisher will also not be held accountable lor any claim from an 
agreement made '*- theldver1lur end the c:omumer. 

Classified Display 
Ad Rates 

Copy should be reviewed by the advertiser lor ... rors. In Older '0 be COfrected In the next 
regular i.sue. atl ... rars must be reponed by .he corresponding deadUne. Credl1 witt only 
be given 101 the Incorrect portion 01 the advertisement. There ar. no relunda lOr cenceltetion • . 
p,- .. net eI. cOfIftIIOncIeMe Ng8IdIng Claellflecle to: 

18_75 per column Inch 
Deedl,"": 

........ _ DiIpIIy A4II LIne AlII 

.... money and IMke a dlfferellce with 
the Student AffIrmative Action and Human 
Relations Programsl Intern and peer 
advocate positions available lor the 96-97 
schoof year: 10hrslwk.S8.17Ihr. Referrals 
1907901 and 1907902 at Career SeMces. 
Must also complete application Irom SMJ 
HRP office. Deadfine April 19th. 534-6708. 
(411-4/15) 

UCSD G4Iarcllan. Ann: CI_IfledI. HOO Gtlmen DrIve 103111. L. Jolla, CA '2013. 
ActuallocJitlon: Student Center A. Room 217 . 

EMPLOYMENT 
The Guar.tlilln is looking lor 2-3 Advertising 
Sales representatives. Must have good 
communication skills & reliable 
transportation. Previous sales experience 
Is heifplul. Flexible hours. 9%-14% 
commission. great resume experience. 
Open until lilted. Must be able to work 
through Spring 1997. Calf Ann at 534-3487 
or slop by Student Center A. roann 2 I 7 lor 
an application. (4/1-616) 
Need Tutor for 72 yHI' old retired judge 
lor WIndow. 95 and related MfcrolOft 
progr_. Also need help lor access to 
Internet - will require palience I'm a IIHle 

deal. Fee negotiable. Pacific Beach. 483-
5187 (voice). 423-5197 '-(Ia_x"-). ___ _ 
Local publisher 01 3 magazines looking lor 
production assistant. Full-time. Start sa.OOI 
hr. Excellent English. good computer 
experience. pleasant phone manner 
required. Send resume to Garnet 
Publications. P.O. Box 3049. La Jolla. CA 
92038. (~-4/4) 
Have a great summer expenencel CAMP 
CANADENStS. an excellent residential coed 
summer camp in the Pocono Mountains in 
Pennsylvania is IookJng for canng counselors 
Who love children. We need counselors to 
help teach: all land sports. tennis. hockey. 
swimming (WSI), climbing wall . ropes 
course. motorcycles. mountain bikes. water-
skiing. jet-skiing. gymnastics. drama. arts & 
craNs. newspaper & yearbook. radio station. 
archery. rnlery. and much more. Summer 
season is 6-19 thru B-17 Call 800-832-
8228 lor inlormatlon and an application. (4/ 
1-411 I) 

FUll-time summer. part-time academic year positions are 
available involving the development of sophisticated virtual 
environments for science education . Successful applicants will 
have the opportunity to work in an exciting environment with a 
smail team of extremely talented individuals. Our lab includes 
state of the art computer graphics hardware and software. 
including SGI Realily Engine graphics . 
Pay is approximately $10/hr. Positions are open to students who 
will be at UCSD for at least 3 more years . who are exceptionally 
intelligent. creative . and hard working . The ideal applicant will 
possess strong software engineering skills and a compelling 
interest in SCience (particularly biology and chemistry) . We will 
provide training for the right people. 
For ("ore Information about the project. please see our home 
pag, at hnp:fI_w-wilson.ucsd.edu under ·Virtual Reality." 
For Infornwtlon on .pplylng, pl •••• contact Bonnie BI.hop 
Stark at 534·2572 (batarkOucad .• du) or by mail at 
Chemlatry 0339, UCSD, 9500 Gllnwn Drlv., La Jolla, CA 
92013. Positions will begin this summer (and even the spring 
quarter if desired). Applications should be submitted on or before 
Apri.1 10. 
(CarMr s..n.c.. Cent .... part .. ..,. employment- Job '9(7598) 

No TRICKS. 
We are .tudent run and have a wide selection 
of uNCI but current books that you win need 
for your cia ..... 
We are located In the .outhwe.t corner of the 
Revelle campu., behind Argo Hall and down 
past the Plus Card OffIce. 

SPECIAL HOURS FOR FIRST WEEK r,'-F 8flrn TO 5pm 

Regular aten hours: MWF 11am-3pm 
TuTh 12-5pm 

RE VELLE BARGAIN BOOKS 534-2502 

CAMPAKI8A. WANTED: OUTSTANDING 
STAFF FOR AN EXCEPTIONAL SUMMER 
CAMP. One 01 Pennsylvania's premier 
residential campus Invites you to spend the 
summer 01 your lile in the picturesque 
Pocono Mountains. Seeking dedicated 
individuals as cabin counsefars. Excellent 
salaries and college credit available. Both 
lour and eight week sessions. For 
inlormation write-Camp Akiba. PO Box 
400. Bala Cynwyd. PA 19004 or call 1-800-
OK-AKIBA. (411-418) 
DAY CAMPS serving conejo & San 
Fernando Valleys. Simi. Camarillo & Malibu 
seek lun caring counselors & special 
instructors lor natura. gym. horseback riding. 
fishingtboating. crafts. swimming. song 
leading. sports. ropes course & more. Now 
interviewing 818-865-6263. (411-4122) 
Freelance abstract writers lor scholarly 
publication. Upper-division/graduate 
sociology/related social science majors 
needed. Work at home 1(1+ hourslweek. 
Foreign language ability desirable. Starting 

salary sa.25+1hour. Send resume: Kathlyn 
~~~~;~:;x22206. 
Marshalts in La Jolla ViNa~ Square has 
llexible. part time sales poSitions available 
now. Appfy in person Monday thru Sunday. 
(411) 
NEED A JOB? HIRING NOW! 5 part time 
jobs eamin9 510 hr to S4001Week. Jobs 
filled on a II rst come basis. call 619-793-
4473. (411-4118) 
Wanted: 10 students to validate a concept 
that could put apprOximately S 1.200 a month 
in their cotlege lun<l-275-5324. (411-4129) 
Catalina Island camps seeks counseiorsl 
activity instructors for summer camp. Call 
8OOI696-CAMP or visit us at job fair 4/10. 
(4I1-4I8J 
Pasadena area Summer day camp now 
hiring energetic and responsible people lor 
counselor positions. looking lor group 
counselors. lileguards and wranglers. 
Spend your summer outside making new 

THE UCSD HEALTH · 
PROFESSIONS PROGRAM 

proudly announces a new partnership with 

KAPLAN 
A limited number of MeAT scholarships are 
now available under this new program. 
Scholar.hip. are based upon financial need 
and academic reco~d. Applications are due 
by May 6, 1996 at the HPP Office or call 
534-7579. 

Ms_ Antionette Jones 
Coordinator, Health Professions Program 

Building 411, Univer~ity Center 
534-7579 

Professor Mel Green 
Director, UCSD Academic Enrichment 

, 

, 
,. 
.. 

• 

I 
, 

" 

Grounds. 
UCSO 

Thurgood Marshall College and ASUCSO presents: 
CULTURAL CElEBRATION 1996 

Donctrs: follrlorlco. 
FilipIno 

Chrnesc lion 
israelI 

MusIC: Corlbbton Chlldrtn 's Am 
MOrlochl Crons " RIdes 
8rozlI"on Storyttll,ng 

Step Show Ethnrc CuiSInes 
, MORE!!! 

s,....ord .. y: ASUCSD .. CD_ •• ' of ProIHllt.J, TM ProVOJI ', 6 CN.,,'. 
Oflkft, TM Coliif' COfIfHili UCAI. tu.,.""" Co",,,,,"U fo, eM'h"." 
C_rl .. , I(APUN T .. ". --. _"" ,rw "..1 .. 

.. -~~--". 

-£ 
• 
.. 

.. 

, 

II 
, 

Monday. April I. 1996 

1riendI. ca. TOM SAWYER CNII> (818) 
794-1158. (411-4118) 
TIER LAKEIm.EA HILL CAMPS. Top 
NY & PA raaldent camps have over 50 
SOO1rner job ~. CouneeIors. WSI. 

Arts.AthIetictJ~flstsandmoraflf BEST 
SALARIES and tmel aIIow.1Ce pfus "the 
finestllUlllllMlfyou·. lMII'have.·".,. ...... 

OnCM!pU8,Wedl~1011L Cal 
IIOO-82&CAMP (9-5 EST) for 
an appointment end more infoImaIion_ (41 
1-418) 

.. J' _"_,Ir. 
Ma (1,.11/-.".', 6 .... "-'-J 4.-J 
is now hiring general counselors & 
counselors with experience in: 
archery. arts & crafts. horseback 
ridfng. waterskiing. jet skiing. 
windsurfing. salling. riflery. fishing. 
rock climbing. & ropes course. 
Lifeguards needed. We will be on 
campus soon for interviews. For 
more information and an application 
please call 1-800-554-2267_ 

CAR NUT with compute"'yping experience. 
Outgoing personality. Fun job. good pay. 
PIT momin s. Call Max 467-7140. (411) 
Beekman's Deli. Pacilic Beach hiring 
sandwich makers and shift managers. 
Flexible hours. no un~orms. Call270-6943. 
Anna-Marie. (411) • 
Earn residuel income as an independent 
sales representative for growing phone 
company (NTC). Work own hours! Call 
898-2959 (pager). (411) 
00 you think your degree is going to help 
you make money? Guess again! Call581-
6200 for Information on a serious income 
potential. (3114-411 ) 
English teacher wanted in Korea- Teach lor 
elementary or middle school students. 
51500/mo .• 5 hrs.lday. Roundtripairticket 
and accomodation provided. Requirement: 
American female w"h Bachelor Degree. 
Send resume to: Sanga tap Foreign 
Language Institute. 116-5. Shinkok I-dong. 
Wonmi-gu. Pucheon-si. Kyoung Ki-do. 
South Korea . Tel: 011 -82-2-3457-
8074(Engllsh) . 011 -82-32-654-
9476(Korean). Fax: 011-82-32-656-2729. 
(3114-414) 
International Environmental Company 
looklnq lor a lew key environ menially 
conscIOus individuals to help expand 
company and raise awareness. For more 
inlo .• · calf 625-0904. (3/11-411) 
Rapidy expanding Marketing Group seeking 
3-5Iun. high energy. motivated people part 
time to have lun. work. and grow with 
company. For more details. call 756-4086. 
(3111-411) 
Cashier Position- Approx. 30 hrs.lwk. 
Mornings and weekends needed. Griffin 
Ace Hardware- DelMar/Carmel Vatley. 3880 
Valley Centre Dr. 793-1771 (3111-414)_ 
Needed: Part· time Youth Director FaHbrook 
United Mtthodist Church. Experience 
leadingyounpreferred. Calf (619)728-1472. 
9 am-2 pm. A United Campus Ministry 
AlIlfiate. (3111 -418) 
Earn cash stuffingenvefopes at home. Send 
SASE to P.O.Box 774. Olathe. KS. 66051 . 
(317-418) 
Eam S3OCO-S6000& gain vefuable business 
eXlHlrience selling yellow page advertising 
in your University's Official Campus 
Telephone Directory this SUMMER. 
Excetlent adVertisinw'saIesIPubIic Relations 
RESUME BOOSlER. Call College 
Directory Pubfishing: ~~2221 ext.230 
(314-512) 
Togo's-Del Mar. Friendly. smiMng people 
wanted lor PT days. Sandwich maker. shil1 
mgr. positions available. $5.50 to start. Call 
Melanie. 481-3821 . (314-411) 
systems Operator wanted. On campus. 
10+ hrs.lwk. Must have demonstrated 
knowledge 01 Windows and Windows 
Applications. Must be lam~iar with MS 
Access and MS Word mail merges. Prefer 
knoWledge 01 Windows NT and sequel 
service. sa.50hll. contact Mala OUCSD 
Telephone Outreach. 536-1433. (314-411 1) 
Articulate. enthusiastic sludenta WIIntlld to 
help raiee lunds for UCSD. $6Ihr + bonus. 
Contact UCSD Telehphone Outreach 
Program. 535-1433. (31~11) 

-Monday. April I. 1996 

Counselors: Camp Wayne. sister/brother 
camp. NoItheasI Pennsylvania. 6120-81181 
96. Have the most memorable summer of 
your file! Coaches. teachers. and college 
age students lor: Group leaders. Team 
Sports. Golf. Tennis. Gymnastics. Drawi~ 
Painting. Sllkscreening Batik Photography 
Videography. Camp{ngINature. brame 
Director. ~ssistant Chel. Bookkepper. 
Kitchen. Waitresses. On campus inlerviews. 
ApnllOth. Call 1-800-279-3019. (314-4/18) 
Animated. high __ rgy individuals needed 
to pr~t Fun Science demonstrations to 

~ 12 year-old children at birthday parties on 
weekends. Must have car and extensive 
experience with children. Pay: 525 per one 
hour show. CaR: Mad Science 549-3268. (2129-411 ) • 
Teach English in Eastern E~rope­
Conversational English teachers needed in 

Pra~ue. Budapest. or Krakow. No teaching 
certificate or European languages required. 
InexpenSive Room & Board +other benelns. 
For inlo .. call: (206)971-3680 ext.K59762 
(2126-4/1 1) 
Cruise Ships Now Hiring- Earn up ;;; 
S2.000+/month working on Cruise Ships or' 
land-Tour companies . World travef. 
Seasonal & lUll-time employment available. 
No experience necessary. For more 
inlormation . call 1-206-971-3550 
ext.C59763. (2126-4118) 
Alaska SlMTlmeiJobs- FiShing industry. Earn 
to S3.000-$6.000+/month + benefits. Male! 
female . No experience necessary. 
(206)97t-3510 ext.A59762 (2126-4118) 

E~ceptional Summer Opportunity- Camp 
Wayne.NEPA(3hrsJNYC)-sportsonented. 
CounselorlSpecial ists lor all land/water 
sports. camping. dimbinglropes. mountain 
biking. rocketry. A & C. drama. video. radio. 
On-campus interviews . Tuesday/ 
Wednesday. March 9 and 10. Please call 1-
800-737-9296 or 51 6-883-3067. and leave 
your phone number and mailing address. 
(21_22-411 ) 
$Cruise Ships Hiring! Students needed! 
$S$ + Free Travel (Caribbean. Europe. 
Hawaii!) SeasonaVPermanent. no expr. 
necessary. Gde. 919-929-4398ext.Cl109 
(2I15-4I1 L 
Student Works Paintin9ls hiring branch 
operators lor summer 01 1996. Duties 
include: marketing/sales/production 
management. Avg. summer earnings 
$8.000. Call 800-394-6000. (211 -4/1) 
$1750 weekly possible mailing our circulars. 
No experience required. Begin now. For 
inlo. call 301 -306-1207. (1/25-9/25) 
Fast lundraiser- Raise $500 in 5 days-
Greeks. groups. dubs. motivated individuals. 
Fast. easy- no financial obligation. (800)862· 
1982 EXT. 33 (1116-5/16) 

ROOMMATES 
ROOM lor RENT.F. $275/month. la Joffa 
Colony Area. laundry/parkinglbusline. 
Available now. call 552-0169. (3111-411) 
SpacIous room lor rent . 5 br. University City 
house. PooVspa. washer/dryer. dishwasher. 
$350 + 115 uti lities. Call Heather. 587-1488. 
(314-411 ) 
Room lor renl: Del Mar. Master Bedroom 
ocean view. lease ends June. 3 guys. I girl: 
$290.00. (619) 793-2550. (4/1-4/4) 
Room for rent In house with yard-Pacilic 
Beach-<loglcat allowed. $3001month (plus 
utilities) available now; Gil 581 -2593. (411 -
4111 ) _ 
Needed ASAP!! MalelFemale. Live with 3 
radical girts. large room. own bathroom. 
lurnished. pooVspa. washer/dryer. garage. 
close to bus stop + town. beautilul view. 
across streetfrom Del Marbeach! Available 
4/1196. Only 5350. Call Jennifer 792-2223. (4/1) __ . 
Five minutes Irom east parking shuHle!!!! 
$280/mo + 115 utilities. lurnished shared 
room lor rent. Four Iriendly lemale 
roommates. 411 -8131 . 453-0766. (4/1-4111 ) 
East Del Mar. bedroom and private bath. 
lurnished or unlurnished. endosed garage 
parking.utilities included. seeking lemale 
$425.00/month 755-5860. (411-414) 

Rent large room in 3 bedroom house in Bay 
Park. S350/month plus 1/4 utHllias. 
Nonsmoker ptease. 276-2454. (411-414) 
Female roommate wanted! Own room. 
share bath. No utilitlesl 2 blocks to ocean. 
BirdAock area. Ready ApIt 1 II. $3751mo. 
Natalie: 454-6154. (411) 
FEMALE ROOMMATE wanted. Own room. 
share bath. 1 block to beach. 300 mo + 1/ 
3 util. 272-0584 HeatherlSarah. (411-4115) 
Female roommate to share room. Starting 
in June or Sept. Near UTC. UCSD. $2501 
mo. Must be lriendly. quiet. non-smoker. 
(558-7950) (411-4/4) 
Roommate wanted prelerably lemale. 
consider clean mate. 2 bedroom 1 bath on 
La Jolla Shores $6OO.00/mo ceN 551-8366 
Adrian. (411 ) 

FOR RENT 
University City. BIg. 3-bedroom condo. 
Near UTe andUCSD. 51150. lord Realty 
453-0601 . Clean. relrigerator. stove. 
dishwasher. pool. (4/1-4Itl) 
2 story condo: 3 bedroom. "1.5 bathroom. 
walk to UCSD. UTC. patio. pool . 51000. 5 
or 17 month lease. 587-6645 (3114-4118) 
Buy and Save! Interest rates near 20 ~r 
low: 2 txfrm .• 1.25 ba .• Security Building. 
walk to beach. 436-5263. Agent. (2122-41 
U) 

FOR SALE 
Black metal luton Irame in good condition. 
Only lor S55 . . Call 622-0365. (4/1-4/18) 
t 993 Ford RangerXl T $88004.0. 6 cylinder. 
5 speed. AM FM Caee Stereo. PS. ABS. 
Ala rm, Matched Sheff . liner. 28 I -3920. (411 ) 
1986 SAAB 9005 . excetlent interior/exterior/ 
running condition. Sunrool. power. windows. 
AC. Original owner. 210K miles.S2500. 
Call 792-7672. (411-4/4) 
Surfboard lor sale. Great condition. 6'3" tn-
lin with leash. 2 minor dings. $150 aBO. 
Paid S370.~ Julie 276-2262. (4/1) 
Intro to Logic (Phil 10) or Basic Chem 
(Chem4)-Both with notes and study guides. 
$40 each ; wood/brass lamp with 
enconnpassing gla,ss stand (5ft). SIS. Call 
Jackie. 455-9193. (411) 
Mountain bike 16.5" specialized hard rock 
with shock-absorbing Girvin Slex-stem. $COli 
cruising handle bars. tioga psycho II tires. 
good components, Kryptonile u-Iock $ I 50. 
X-long twin egg crate mattress S10. plastiC 

The UCSD Guardian 

»CDhoIderSl celJeremy623-0204. (411) 
Twin bed (with box apring and frame). only 
three months ofd. $70.00 OBO call Abi. 
273-9667. Must setl. (411) 
PtM 1000 and PIM 1200 log lights lor 
sale. New-in box. Clear lront signafs for 
Civic and Acoora atso for ssfe. HURRYII 
GaN now. Also ask about lowering springs. 
Hamillonpager: (619)898-8410. (411-414) 
, ... Multang GT floormats. two sets. first 
S30 lakes them. call Oanan at 483-6424. 
(411) 
VITUS Road Bike. 14-speed. all aluminum 
Irame. super light. 23 inch. extras. $3001 
080. Derek 794-4649. (411 ,-) __ _ 
laptop: Macintosh Powerbook 100. 6 MB 
RAM. 20 Me HD with Fax/modem and 
software. Excellent COndition. S485. Call 
551-0092. (3114-411) 
1987 Honda Elite 250(lreeway legal)- Red. 
good condo luel. Helmet & parl<ing lor 
Spring Otr. $700/neg. Max. 455-7943. (31 
14-411) 

VV ANT E D 
EGG DONORS NEEDED. If you are: -a 
healthy lemale -between 18-32 yrs. old -
have health ins .. Compensation 01 
52500.00. Pleasecafl Mirna Navas at (310) 
829-6782 lor more inlormation. (4/1-616) 
Males and lemales paid S30.00lorinterview. 
If you are Japanese. Chinese. or Korean 
descent. call VA. 552-8585 x2182. (4/1-61 
6L 
Wanted: 23 students. lose 8-1 00 100. New 
metabolism breakthrough. I lost 15 Ibs in 3 
wks. guar. Cost 535. 1-800-776-9503. (4/ 
1-4118) 
Wanted: 25 people to earn SS5 loSing 
weight. paid per pound -guaranteed. Dr 
Recommended. 6191457-4189. (411-4118) 
Be big brothe~ to latheness 7 year old boy. 
Play ball. swim. video arcade. guy stulf. 3 
hours/week. 989-9000. (411 -4/8) 
Optometric asst. help wanted. PT. Must 
wear contacts or have optical experience 
call Mike. 578-6796. (411-4/4) 

SERVICES 
La Jolla Barber Shop. Ouality barbering. 
Haircuts. S10. 7760 Fay Ave .• La Jolla Ste 
F. 459-5792. Hrs: Tues-FM 8:30-3, Sat 8-
3. closed SunlMon. (411) 
Above + Beyond Travel for all your travel 

fl""llit IIIII /Jil,' /til 
1111 f"I11I11I'. . . 

• liVE ON CAMPUS NEAR THE BEACH 
• CHOOSE FROM OVER 200 CLASSES OFFERED 
• EARN COLLEGE CREDIT 
• ENROLL IN 5 WEEK SESSIONS 

Please call (619) 534-4364. mention code #16 
or mail the coupon below to be sent a free 
UCSD Summer Session Catalog in April. 
Or you can request a Catalog by E-Mail: 

ss2@sdcc12.ucsd.edu. 
For a look at the Catalog on the Web: 

http://sdcc12.ucsd.edu/-ss2l. 
r--------------, 
I Please send me a free I 
I 1996 Summer Session Catalog: I 
I I 
I I 
I NAME I 
I ADDRESS I 
I I 
I CiTY I I STATE/ZIP I I I 
I Mail to: I I UCSD SUMMER SESSION. I 
I 9500 GILMAN DR. 0179-16 I 
I LA JOLLA CA 92093-0179 I 
I 

·UeSD I I I L ______________ .J 

needs. Gall Mona or Helene at 619-270-
2359. (4023 Avati Drive). (411-414) 
Europe. $249. Be a illite ftexlbleand SAVE 
SSS. We'U hetp you beat the ai~ine prices. 
Destinations worldwide. AIRHITCH. 310-
394-0550. airhitchOnetcom.com (314-5/2) 
Word processing. term papers. resumes. 
etc. 270-7106 (2129-3114) 
Scholarship Locators: We win locate sources 
of Iree money lor you. GUARANTEED 
RESULTS. Free Inlormation. 1-800-250-
8587. (~) 
Free Financial Aid! Over $6 Billion in public 
and prlva.te sector grants & scholarships is 
now aV8lfable. All students are eligible 
regardfess 01 grades. inconne. or parent's 
i(lcorne. let usheip. Call Student Financial 
Services: 1-800-263-6495 ext. F59763 (21 
26-4118) 
BRUCE LEE'S Jeet Kone Do. Brazilian Jiu 
J"su. Kali. sell-delense and Knile ThrOwing 
are taught at Progressive Fighting Systems. 
Recieve a 10% Discount wnh this ad. Call 
279-7575 lor more inlo. Ask lor Roy Harris. 
(2115-4118) __ 
Tllvel-Be.tfa,..-Wor1d-Wide. Call now-

CLASSlFlEDS 21 

SBve$$$. Mon.-Fri. 5:30-9:3Opm. Sat. 9:00-
noon. 54&-7831 (1/18-6/6) 
ATTENTION AU STUDENTSI Grants & 
Schotarships availabfel Bilions of SSS in 
private funding. Qualify Immediatety. 1-
BOO-AID-2-HELP (1-800-243-2435). (1/8-
414). 
Word Processing manuscripts. 
c:issertations. books. business. applications. 
resumes . editing . Accurate. last. 
confidential. Mary Ann. (619) 452-9439. 
(10126-4125) 

LOST & FOUND 
THANK YOU! To the person who returned 
my gfasses at EBU2- Please calt so I can 
thank you! Also- to Paula who caled & tole 
me where I could lind them-THANKSI You 
guys made my week! 550-0634 (3114-411) 

PERSONALS 
doe. anybody know why It take. Ion9l' 
for water 10 evaporale In a root beer 
bottle? (411) 

Wednesday Night is lICSD NIGHT S 1 BEERS S:30TO ClOSE 
FREE POOL 1AILE IN ()IJR SACK IIOOM 

AnENTION All 
UeSD STUDENTS-

make LA JOlLA aREWING C; 
your favorite pub for • 
handcrafted beer and 

good food! 
rawer id required 

7536 F(lY Ave. 456-BREW 

~>"" ~~. SUMt1,EI\ .SESSIONS 
." '. -;."i'''JUt-iE l~ Y A.tJQUST 2, 1996 

;,(,1 ;~!'~t'~f;L*~~~;~~~O~ 
, ··',);·>;FULLACADEMIC CREDIT 

~ ,).;. .~,~ .. . .. 

j/l) ," pVER 300 COURSES · 
" ' '\ "~. 1 )",~,:f.. 
rlNTENSIVitLANGUAGE COURSES 
,< .. " . ;... , .... :. i 
Compl.~e . the ft,..c: full year of study In the (ollowlng languages: 

,:. \ f~.i.:. ,.'{ 6.:~;:~e 
V: ·' t.Week '"ymce CounCj 

'~~:/::.1 G: i .,.< x A Spanish 
y tel.Week SeqYence Coynes 
f ~ Chinese 

. \ 

French 
Italian 

Japanese 

NEW ~UROPE PROGRAM 
Select course. ,.elated to the momentoul changes 

occurrin, In Europe (1996 Theme: Un1f1catlon) 
For catalog/application cont.lrt: 

Uni vl' l'sity of C.lliforrll,\ 
SIIflHllf'1' Sc\siom. Df'pt . SO 

S.mt.1 BMb.1I'a. CA 93106-1010 
Plwrw (1\05)893-2047 FAX: (HOS)f!93-lJ06 

E '111,111: suO 1 sums"· llesbu)(J .llC,.I).f'<ill 
I ~ II P ://\'J \., "J. mel. LJC sO.cd lI: 80/s1S/SlI rn III (; r 

-

". 

.. 



/' 

, I 

22 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian Monday. April I, 1996 

Tritons Go Two-For-Three UCSD Golf Dodges Sticks . 
I MP: The Tritons took off for Spring Break, 
handily defeating St. Mary's, 234 to 239 BREAKING: UCSD captured victories over Westmont and Pomona and 

lost to Division I Cal Slate Fullerton over the spring hiatus 
By .......... mI 
Associate Sports Editor 

Wli meet. The Tritons carne out on 
top. 324 to 329, but the score was IIOl 
indicati ve of the match. UCSD was 
in control throughout the day, but 
the top four players each scored a 

By Robin K ......... 
Staff Writer 

While the rest of us were relax-
ingonthebeachlastw~k,theUCSD 

women's tennis team 
went to work. The 
Trilonsextended their 
season record to 8-5 
by claiming victories 
in two of the three 
contests played over 
Spring Break. 

"We were more 
relaxed and prepared for our matches 
over the break," Triton Head Coach 

Liz LaPlante said. "The team didn't 
have to corne from class and get 
psyched up for the matches." 

UCSO staned ilS vacation sched-
ule Wednesday against NAIA com-
petitors from Westmont College. 
The Tritons overpowered the War-
riors easi Iy, taking the win, 9-1. 

The UCSO women knew that a 
talented Division I squad from Cal 
Stale Fullenon would prove to be 
much tougher competition on Friday. 
Against the Titans, Michelle 
Malenphansakul contributed to the 
Tri.ton cause at the number-one singles 

spot. defeating her Fullenon counter-
pan. 6-2, 6-1. Hilary Somers also 
grabbed a big win for UCSD at num-
ber -three singles. After losing the first 
set, 6-0, Somers fought back to win 
the second set, 6-4. Somers' strength 
and endurance prevailed in the termi-
nal match, as she snatched the win 
from her Fullerton opponent. 6-2. 

The remaining Tritons played 
consistently, but finished one win 
short of victory as the squad from 
CSUF squ~zed past UCSD by a 
final score of 5-4. 

UCSO's most important match of 
the break was against Pomona Col-
lege on Saturday. The Tritons beat 
their perennial Division m rivals, the 
Sagehens, for the second time this 
season. After winning two of the three 
doubles matchups, the Tritons tri -
umphed in four of thCir six singles 
conteslS to claim the 6-3 win. 

Although Miki Kurokawa and 
Yumi TakemOlo were defeated by 
their Pomona counterparts, 9-7, at 
the number-one doubles spot. the 
nu mber -two duo of Malenphansakul 
and Somers overpowered its oppo-
nen ts, 8-5 . Li kewise, Susan 
Huberman and Annie Hoecker took 
the win, 8-5, at the lhird position. 

"Our doubles teams are getting 
used to playing together," LaPlante 
said. "They' re playing aggressively, 
coming in and taking control of the 

Alii Mc'saac/GuBfdiBrl net." 

During Spring Break, the 
UCSO golf team took to the road 
to compete in two highly 
competetive tournarnenlS. 

At their first stop, the 
Tritons look on Division I 
and 0 squads in the Cal 
State Stanislaus Tourna-
ment at the Turlock Coun-
try Club. UCSD finished in 

triple bogey ,or a lhree-over-
par seven, on the lasl hole to 
make the scoreappearcloser 
than it really was. 

. the middle of the pack, tal-
Iyingathree-roundscoreof _,.., .. _ 
929. After shooting 311 and 

"Oakhurst is a hellish 
golf course," Wydra said. 
" On a normal day, the 
winds get up to about 47 
miles per hour. Needless to 
say, there are no toupees 

315 on the first day of competi-
tion, UCSD came back strong to 
post a low 303 with the help of 
Arnie Campbell's 73. Campbell 
finished the tournament with a rare 
eagle deuce on the last hole. 

On that hole, Campbell, whom 
teammates refer to as "Arnie 
Palmer", took out his driver and 
teed off from 289 yards away. 
reaching the fringe of the green. 
From there, he calmly sunk the 15-
foot putt for the eag le. 

Pete Roberts finished the tour-
ney strong as well , tallying a 74 in 
the final round after shooting an 
80 and 82 on the first day. Brian 
Bazze!'s 80, 84 and 76 put him 
third on the Triton squad. 

" It was a very good showing 
for us," Triton Head Coach Mike 
Wydra said. 

allowed on the course." 
Today, the Tritons head to EI 

Toro 10 lee off at the Coto De Caza 
Country Club in the UC Irvine Invi-
tational. As the only Division m 
squad, UCSD is ready to test ilSelf 
versus the best golfers in California. 

"This will be the· biggest and 
most prestigious tournament we 
have ever been in," Wydra said. "I 
don't even know how we got in. 
There are four PAC-IO and four 
WAC-I Oschoolscompeting, includ· 
i ng some tough Division n squads." 

Wydra believes this will be a 
great learning experience for his 
golfers, regardlessoftheoutcome. 

Som-up: Hilary Somers has been tearing up her opponents, as Although Kurokawa vacated the 
UCSD then traveled to Oakhurst 

Country Club in Walnut Creek to 
bailie SI. Mary's University in a 

"We're ranked fourth in Divi -
sion 01, while Arizona and others 
are ranked in the top nationwide," 
he said. "The guys will be able to 
compare their game to some of the 
best. Plus, we won ' t be scared of 
anyone after we play at this high 
level of competition." UCSD rolls up an 8-5 record. See DOUBLE. Page 15 

UCSD Boolcstor~ Proudly Pr~Knts 

WEDNESDAY NIGH 
Alice Goldfarb 

... Will be 
discussing her 
book Art Lessons 
and talking about 
the State of 
Public Funding 
for the Arts. 

AGING: SOCIAL AND 
HEALTH POUCY ISSUES 

SPRING 
Instructor: 
(previous CAPEs = 

QUARTER 996 
Barbara L. Brody 
100% for course and instrucFor) 

URBAN SRJDlES & PlANNING 
145 

TU-TH 1 :00-2:20 
Center Hall 115 

(Problem Session Tu- 9:00-9:50 is NOT required) 
Section ID# 254995 

The aging of the US population virtually guarantees 
that almosl all health care profeSSionals will care for 
a large number of older persons and that changes in 
the age structure will impact the health care system 

and the totality of society. The purpose of this course 
is to analyze health care needs and programs, major 
social and h.ealth policy issues confronting the elderly 
and their families. the implications for the health care 

system, and the effects on society. Students will .be 
provided an opportunity to select area of special 

interest for study. NO PRERESQUISITES 

HEALTH CARE-SOCW ISSUES PROGRAM 
USP 145 may be applied Ioword !he HeoIIh COIe-Socd Issues millO( Other comes offered spring 

qoorler which ore also applicable toward !he minor ole: 
ContemporolY Issues 4(} The AIDS Epidemic 

SocioiogyLD 4(} Sociology 01 Heahh Core Issues 
Conlemporcwy Issues 136 Mnthlopology/Gen 128- Anthropology of Medicine 

Ps,,:hoIogy 104-Introdoction 10 Social Ps,,:hoIogy 
PS'f=hoiogy 153- Clinical Ps,,:hology 

Ps,,:hoIogy 169- Brain Damage and Menlol Function 
fOIlOIE lIfO AIOUT (GUISES AID •• IEIUIllllm, CAll 534-1704 

Mpnday. April I. 1996 

ASUCSD GENERAL 
ELECTIONS 

APRIL 9, 10,· 11 
VOTEI 

A.S. Authorized Propaganda Is produced by the 
Associated Students. UCSD. StucIenI Orgs may lid· 
vertise by Ifttfng out the form focatlld oullide the 
A.S. Secretary's olllee on the 3rd ftoo, 0' the Price 
Cente, or a·mlli' us (subject: Authorized Propa· 
ganda): asucsdOucsd.edu. Submissions are due 
Nell Wednesday at noon lor the next Monday's 
issue. 

. START YOUR OWN FULLY 
FUNDED PUBLICATION 

Do you have: 
An idea? 
Commitment? 
and Four Staff Members? 

If so, and you're interested in joining the 
ranks of The Koala, Voz Fronteriza, and 
Frottage, AS might be interested in you! 
We're looking for new ideas to expand our 
alternative media on this campus. 
Please contact Farsam, Jessyca, or Anna 
ASAP @'534-44S1 

The UCSD Guardian 

ROPAGANDA 
OHAHA 0' AlKANe's 
5TH ANNuAL LUAU 

Come and join in the spirit of Hawaii as we 
celebrate our 5th annual luau. Authentic 
Hawaiian hula and music will be provided 
for free with dinner avallable: 
Students: $10 in advance, $12 at the door 
General: $12 advance, $15 at the door 
Sunday, April 14, 1996 
Dinner - 6:30 pm, 
Hula performance - 7:30 pm 
For more information call Tod, 552-1019 

VOLUNTEER CoMIECT1ON 
The UCSD Volunteer ConnectIon is look-
ing for Fall 1996 staff members . If you are 
interested and have questions, call Beth 
Schack 0 534-1414. 

VSA TAlENT SHow 
Watch the competition for semi-formal 
cruise ticketsl Oome lor some pure fun, 
'excitement, & entertainmentl 
Saturday, April 6, 7pm-midnight 
For information, call: 534-4726 or 
e-mail deniseOucsd.edu 

STUDENT ORGANIZATION & 
LEADERSHIP OPPORTUNmES 
AWARDS & SATURN AWARDS 

APPLICATIONS AVAILABLE 
Special awards will be given in the follow-
ing categories: 
1. Outstanding Student Organization 
2. Outstanding Student Organization 

Program 
3. Saturn Award 
4. Outstanding Community Service 

Program 
5. Outstanding Scholarship Promotion 

CHE CAFE CO-OP 
The Che Cafe is dedicated to providing al-
ternative education, entertainment and 
cheap, healthy vegetarian cuisine, utilizing 
homegrown organic produce from the Gar-
den Co-op. The Che Cafe encourages any-
one and everyone to come by and help out. 
We provide a great opportunity for students 
to get involved in the process of running a 
restaurant and doing programing at any level 
they feel comfortable at. 
ALL-WEoCAN-EATS EVERY 
WednMday, 5·7 PM. COME 
ENJOY VEGETARIAN CUISINE. 
Feel free to stop by or call, 534-2311 

UC REGENTS AND AFFIRMATIVE 
ACTION: 

IMPACT AND CHANGES AT UCSD 
Panel diE ~\Jssion on the changes at UCSD 
because If the new policies on admission 
and Affif1Tlative Action. 
Monday, h,lril 8, 7:30 pm 
Pepper Canyon Lodge 
For more inf')rmation, call Stacy, 558-1144 

SUN GOD FESTIVAL 
STUDENT ORGANIZATION 

MEETING 
AnN: ALL STUDENT ORGANIZATIONS 
inlerested in having a booth at Sun God 
1996. COME to this meeting: 
April 2, 5:00 pm 
Student Leadership Chambers, 3rd floor, 

Price Center. 

WORLD PARTY '98 
World Party '96 is a culturally and environ-
mentally centered program. Performers 
and dancers include: Chinese Lion Danc-
ers, Hawaiian Dancers, Nova Manco, San 
Diego Wild Animal Park, and many more. 
Other activites include cultural cuisine ta!S;. 
ing, recycled arts & crafts, and masaagT.' 
Come join the fun, see the displays, and 
enjoy the atmosphere. Celebrate all CUl-
tures, one earth through World Party '96 
at Warren's Canyon Vista Complex. 
Saturday, April 13, 1996 
11 :00 am - 4:00 pm 
Sponsored by Warren Res Life, Warren 
Admin, WCSC, ICRA, UCSD Alumni 
Assoc. 
For more into, call Brenda, 658-9494 

SAN DIEGO 
FILM FESTIVAL 

MARCH SCHEDULE 
FESTIVAL PASS: STUDENTS $351 

--GEN'L ADMISSION $65. 
SINGLE TICKETS: STUDENTS·$41 
GEN'L ADMISSION $6 
FOR TICKET INFORMATION: 534-
TlXS TUES-FRI 10AM-5PM 
ALL FILMS START AT 8:00 PM AT 
MANDEVILLE AUDITORIUM 
APR 2: A COUPLE OF THREE 
APR 9: MUSHROOMS 
APR 12: THE FORTRESS 
APR 15: DAIBYONIN 
APR 23: SHORT NIGHT I-';;;;; ________________________ ;;;;;;;;:a Program 

- For more information, call 534-0501 

BOOTH APPLICATIONS 
Come pick up Sun God Festival Booth 
applications NOW al the A.S. Reception 
Desk, 3rd floor, Price Center. 

THURSDAY APRIL 4TH 1996 
PRICE CENTER THEATER 

ewOOERRJLl" 
-.......... -""-- , 

Call Kathy for more information, 678-0305 

SPRING QUARTER A.S. FILM SERIES 
April 4th TOY STORY 

April 11th HEAT 
April 18th WAITING TO EXHALE 

April 25th JUMANJI 
May 2nd LEAVING LAS VEGAS 

May 9th NIXON 
May 16t" TWELVE MONKEYS 

May 23rd BRAVEHEART 
May 30th SENSE & SENSIBILITY 

June 6th OTHELLO 



, _24 __ S_~_R_T_S ____________ ~ _____________________________ ~ __ U_C_S_D_G_u_~ __ ia_n ________________________ ~ ________ .. __ M~o~nd~a~y~,~A~pn~· I~I~,~l~~ 

THE CYNIC 
SEAN RAHIMI 

; PORTS What the Hell's 
An Orangeman 

Final score: University of 
Kentucky 112, Syracuse 65. 
And it won ' t be that close. 

UCSD Hosts Spring Blast 
That's what the scoreboard 

will read after tonight's 
debacle, otherwise known as 
thc NCAA championship 
game. The number-two team in 
the nation will go up against 
the 41 st-ranked team. Sounds 
like it will be a dandy, right? 

Monday night 's game will 
be a mismatch and a bore. I 
want to know what moron was 
in charge of the seeding 
process for the NCAA 
basketball tournament. 
Because whoever it was, he did 
a crappy job. 

There were two dominant 
teams during the season in 
college hoops: Kentucky and 
the University of Massachu-
setts. Compiling 32-1 and 35-2 
records, respectively, no other 
teams were more heavily 
favored to win the big dance. 

But somehow, I and the rest 
of America watched these 
same twlol teams battle it out in 
the semifinals. Somebody on 
the NCAA committee should 
have realized that these two 
teams should play in opposite 
brackets, so that they wouldn't 
meet before the championship 
game. But alas, moronic minds 
prevailed. 

Instead, we have to watch 
the best team in college, UK, 
playa sorry team with one 
good player. 

Kentucky has 10 terrific 
players, including high school 

HUGE: Over 2,400 
entrants competed at 
the Spring Break Invite 
By Dan Kraft 
Sports Editor 

Last Saturday, the UCSD track 
and field team played host to Divi-
sion I, II, III and the world, as over 

2,400 athletes repre-
senti ng 89 clubs, 
countries and schools 
converged on Tliton 
Track and Field Sta-
dium for the Spring 
Break Open. 

It was the hope of 
UCSD Head Track 

Coach Ted Van Arsdale that the 
quality of competition in this year's 
meet would continue to raise the 
stature ofTriton track and field . The 
meet's elite did not disappoint, as 
nine stadium records were set -
including an American record in the 
women's pole vault. 

It was UCSD's Tiffany Smith 
who achieved that feat, clearing a 
height of 13'2.5" to better the old 
mark by one inch, selling a new 
American record. 

Stadium and meet records for the 
men were set in the 10,000- and 
5,OOO-meter distance races, as well 
as the long jump and discus. It was 
Brazilli.an national team member 
Wander Moura who shattered the 
old record in'the 5,000 with a timeof 
13:36.85. 

That race was also the stage for 
some of the top Triton athletes, as 

Blur of apHd: UCSO's Matt Amero hurdles through the night during the Spring Break Open. 

J.J. Castner, Gavin Klinger and 
Bryan Leek (all competing in the 
tough invitational field) each had 
personal bests en route to 5th, 8th 
and 12th place, respectively. 

"BecaUie of the quality and no-
toriety of our faci lity ," V an Arsdale 
said, "our athletes get a chance to 
compete with some of America's 
best and learn how to become better 

athletes." 
Castner (14:25.3) set a new 

school record in the 5,000, improv-
ing by almost three seconds on his 
own record, and earned an auto-
matic bid to the NCAA champion-
ships. Klinger, who competed in the 
event for the flnt time this season, 
improved by over 18 seconds to 
finish in 14:37.13, also automati-

cally qualifying for a trip to the 
Division m championships. 

Other successes on the track for 
the UCSD men occurred in the 
3,OOO-meter steeplechase, as John 
Walsh, competing in the invitational 
di vision, grabbed fourth despite tak-
ing a spill. Walsh tumbled over the 
first hurdle of the race but had the 

See BREAK, Page 17 "" All-Americans like Tony Delk, 
Antoine Walker, and Walter 
McCar1y. It also boasts one of 
the smartelll coaches around, an 
Italian wizard named Rick 
Pitino. Furthermore, their 
unifonns look good. 

Triton Crew Gets Rude A-Wake-ening 
Syr~cu e, on the other hand, 

has Jo~n Wallace - a versatile 
6'9" center - and an orange 
for a mascot. Oh, I forgot, the 
Orangcmen have a Steve 
Forbes look-a-likc for a (Oach. 
Last but not least, their l one 
dcfcnse scheme is as old as 
Bob Dole's father. 

WAKE: UCSD had four boats in the Crew Classic, but its best hope was stopped dead by a passing boat 

What doc' all thi s mean? 
, ran the Orangeman shock the 

world and heat the Wildcats? 
Will the viewing audience 
witness a d osc, hard-fought 
contest '! Well .. . no. Basically, 
Syracuse will lose, and they ' ll 
do it very well . Pitino will out-
coach Forbes. The Wildcat 
mascot will queeze some juice 
out of the friendly fruit from 

I Syracuse. And the fans will be 
booing by the time some fat 
lady finishes singing the 

By Dan Kraft 
Sports Editor 

Last weekend 's Crew Classic, 
held in Miss ion Bay, featured the 
best of the best from all around the 

nation. Prestigious 
crews from Harvard 
and WashiQgton paid 
a visit to the local 
bay, normally inhab-
ited by our very own 
Triton rowers and 
local competitors , 
the University of San 

Diego and San Diego State Univer-
sity. 

The Tritons sent three women's 
crews and a single men's crew to the 
highly competitive event. The ac-
tion began on Saturday, and unfor-
tunately for the men, that is when it 

1ot'tINII1: 
Mon., April 1, vs. Buen9 Vista (lA) at NCR, 2 p.m. 

I ...... : 
Tues" April 2, vs. Pomona Pitzer at Triton Stadium, 2 p.m. 

8oIf: 
Mon-Tues., April 1-2, at UC Irvine InVitational, All Day 

ended. 
The Tritons entered a ingle nov-

ice eight boat on the men' s side and, 

in Heat C, the UCSD rowers pulled 
to a third-place finish in a time of 
6:45.58 behind UC Berkeley and 

Western Washington. That time put 
them about a quarter boat length in 
front of rival San Diego State in a 

preview of the 
upco ming ci ty 
championships. 

The Tritons' 
third-place fini sh 
relegated them to 
the petite final , a 
sort of consola-
tion final which 
pits the second 
tierofheat finish-
ers against one 
another. 

Milk Pattersonl Gtwdtan 

The UCSD 
crew placed fifth 
behind UC Santa 
Barbara, 

Pull: The UCSD novice eight A crew rows during Sunday's action at the Classic. See SO, Pg 13 
________ .II.I.] .. 1il·];~~ ________ • 

... ·.TennIs: 
Pomona Pizter 
came to town on 
Saturday, and 
UCSD played the 
unkind host, 
getting its only 
win of the Spring 
Break week. 

w ...... ' • 
T ... nla: UCSD 
grabbed two 
more victories 
over the break, 
but did suffer a 
defeat at the 
hands of Div. I 
CSU Fullerton. 

8oIf: The Triton 
squad traveled 
to St. Mary's 
University and 
defeated their 
foes by a score 
of 234-239 in a 
key victory over 
the break. 



·_:I~·.·'·ll" 
uc .... en.z 
c:.1111_ ..... ..... 
SANTA CRuz, Calif.-
Senior administrators arUC 
Santa Cruz voted unanimous1y 
last Tuesday to disband the 
campus and destroy all 
infrastructure because university 
buildings were impeding 'prime 
land for growing marijuana cash 
crops. "I mean, what is the use 
of having a Santa Cruz 
campus," Chancellor Dingle· 
berry said. "We tried that 'no 
grades' gimmick, but that didn't 
work, and we ran out of ideas." 
Students have yet to protest and 
are currently unaware of the 
announced changes. 

- Shitty on a Hill Press 

SANTA BARBARA, Calif. -
Following his lawsuit against 
Gov. Pete Wilson and the 
regents over affinnative action 
and his shameless write-up 
about the whole mess,Daily 
Nexus editor Tim Malloy will 
now lOp all previous attempts of 
narcissism. An inside source 
witnessed the editor pUlling the 
finishing touches on a large 
rubber sculpture of his own 
name. Malloy plans to display 
the 10-foot-tall piece in front of 
Wilson 's office in Sacramento 
as a protest against something. 
''I'll sue the damn governor and 
the damn regents," the editor 
babbled. "And when I'm done 
suing everyone, I' ll go on tour 
with my big rubber sculpture." 

- The Solar Plexus 

SDSUlO-Y .. 
Senior Graduat .. 
SA DIEGO - In his 10th and 
final year of eligibility, 
perennial San Diego State 
University student Bill Smiff 
[sic) recently passed his final 
required course for graduation, 
'Adding and Subtracting: 
Cracking the Mystery.' "Biff is 
an excellent student. And he's a 
great quarterback, too," SDSU 
Football Coach and sometime 
math Professor Ted Tollner 
said. An review will verify 
Srniffs [sic) exam scores for 
possible discrepancies and drool 
stains. "It 's about time Stniff 
[sic) graduated. He lasted longer 
than I did," former SDSU 
President Biff Day snickered. 

- The Random Masthead 

_1{·I·l ~.:I~;~_ 

WHOA! 
OPINION: Who would • 
win: Aztec or Triton? 
Clearly an Aztec. Wrong. 1 

HIATUS: Bill and George 
Clinton rock the Casbah, 
rock the Ca.~bah... HI 

SP0II1S: UCSD riverboat 
gambling team had an ace 
up its sleeve last week M 

, H • DIS R E 

OH, SA Y CAN UC MONDAY, APRIL I, 1996 VOLUME Y, ISSUE -11 

Regents Salvage Affirmative Action 
WARD: Influential 
regent wins fight to 
bring back policy 

The remaining regents immedi-
ately followed Connerly' s lead, 
claiming they too felt that affirma-
tive action wa neces ary for 
acheiving diversity at the Univer-
sity of California. A vote was then 
taken, and affinnative action was 
reinstated by a 14-1 margin. 

plained the reasons for his sudden 
change of heart. 

-~ By Lew Lew 
Associate news tyrant 

''I'm sick and tired of being 
ha sled by the Man," Connerly said. 
''The Man will no longer control the 
University of Arizona." 

. - . .. 

~~-{ 

In a shocking development at 
last Thursday's UC Board of Re-
gents meeting, Regent Ward 
Connerly announced he had changed 
·his mind and was now "fully in 
support" of affinnative-action poli-
cies in university admisssions, hir-
ing and contracting. 

The only dissenting vote was 
from Student Regent Ed Gomez. 

A reporter then corrected 
Connerly, explaining that he meant 
to say "University of California." 

"Whatever," Connerly said, 
cackling madly into the air. I "I'm not voting for anything the regents are in favor of," Gomez scowled menacingly. 

At a one-hour press conference 
following the meeting, Connerly ex-

"I think Ward has flipped his 
lid," Regent Claire Burgesson said. 
"And, frankly, he can just kiss my 

See SHEEP, Page 27 
Plnocchio: Ward Connerly is a 
puppet to Wilson 's wishes. 

CAUGHT RED-HANDED 

Jack-otf Guardian 
Drunken stupor: A.S. President Naomi Falk was up to her old habits last week, as she hit the 
bottle too hard (left), made a spectacle of herself (middle) and was finally arrested (right). 

UCSD Guardian Newspaper Renounces 
Independence, Will Become a Collective 
STRANGE CHANGES: 
Location in Old Student Center 
was main reason for decision 
By Iv .. the Terrible 
Guardian news czar 

Citing problems with Editor in chief Tedd 
Ladd's conservative politics, Guardwn editors 
announced yesterday at their own press confer-
ence that they had voted 10 oust the editor, along 
with the paper's private corporation status, in 
favor of converting the Guardian to a co-op. 

"The switch from a capitalistic parasite to a 
planet-saving co-op was inevitable," the 
entireGuardwn Collective said in a unified voice. 
"With the advent of that facist Tedd Ladd and his 
neo-Nazi politics, it became apparent that a revo-
lution was in the making. The collective also 
decided that producing a biweekly paper was too ' 

stressful, so we thought we'd copy the Last Indi-
cator and tum out a piece of crap once a month." 

Hugged by the members of the Food Co-op and 
Groundwork Books while they made their an-
nouncement, Guardian revolutionaries denied re-
ports that violence played a role in the uprising. 

"A revolution of the people and not the police 
state occurred yesterday," spat the Collective, 
collectively. 

The group then chanted in unison that they 
"hope to hold a • AII-We-Can-Write' night every 
Tuesday at the CbC Cafe, at which, for a minimal 
co t to cover printer paper, any writer can come 
and write what she damn well pleases, without 
fear of some editor judging their content and 
subsequently destroying it with erroneous edits." 

A.S. Commisioner of Media Farsam Shaddup 
screamed with joy and pulled out his checkbook, 
asking, "Where do I sign upT' 

See NASTY, UK! I UKE IT, Page 69 

New Charter 
! 

School Finally 
Approved 
ON-CAMPUS: Branch of 
'Memphis Carborator 
College' will be at Muir 
By Peppermint Patty 
Charlie Brown 's lover 

While UCSD Interim Chancellor 
Marjorie aserio has yet to give her ap-
provalto the on-campus charter high school 
proposal sponsored by Marshall Provost 
Cecil Lytle, she gave the nod Friday to a 
charter school of a different kind, which 
would be located at Muir College. 

The school, officially listed as a branch 
of the Memphis Carborator College (MCC) 
system in Tennessee, would provide high 
school drop-outs the opportunity to learn 
how to repair cars, trucks and airplanes, 
while in the comfortable con tines of a top 
UC college campus. 

"This is a great day for UCSD," Caserio 
said. "With [Lytle's) proposal, I was con-
cerned about messy incidents and underage 
dating. But with MCC coming to our cam-
pus, I know all our administrators' cars will 
be in tip-top shape." 

'This whole Muir charter school pro-
posal is gonna be jolly good!" she added 
with a silly English accent. 

Muir College was selected as the official 
si te for the carborator school due to its 
convenience and the minimal degree of im-
pact to the Muir campus. Muir officials 
offered several of their buildings to house 
the college, including HSS and AP & M. 

"Hell, our students are more concerned 
about marijuana growth than anything else," 
Muir Provost Patrick Ledden said. '" told 
Caserio that you could put a death camp in 
the middle of Muir and no one would notice. 
She just said as long as there weren't any 
'messy incidents,' she'd give the go-ahead 
to Muir. And I'm tickled pink she decided to 
stick with the proud Muir tradition." 

With the addition of MCC, Muir students 
will now have a new "Pointless Require-
ment" added to their degree. For all Muir 
students graduating after 1996, the new re-
quirement gives them an option between 
Mufflers 101, Hot-Wiring Made Easy 205, 
Turbines: The Silent Killers, or the normal 
two-part Muir College Writing Series. 

See IDIOTS MUST DIE, Pace 3 



D2 NEWS The UCSD Disre-Guardian Monday. Aprill. 1996 

Professor Peter Irons 
Attacks New Mascot 

MORE CRAP. -.. 
PADRES: The swingin' friar is the current target 
for Irons' crusade against hapless Christians 
By Pilt Robertson 
Playing wIth fire 

In the wake of his recent vic-
tory over Christian groups for the 
right to hold an atheist Easter ser-
vice under the Mount Soledad 
eros, UCSDpolitical science Pro-
fessor Peter Irons announced yes-

the mascot itself, except when it is 
pelted by tomatoes and other large 
fruits by Irons and his renegade 
atheist clan. 

" I don't know what his problem 
is," SDSU ~tudent and Padre fan 
Biff Smiff (sic) said. "Someone 
must have twisted his ponytail in 

terday that his next 
target was the San 
Diego Padre~ ' ma~­
COl. 

The beloved 
friar. clothed in a 
brown robe and 
swinging an over-
sized bat, was the 
Padres' official 
mascot until its de-
mise in 1974. This 
year, however, se-
nior officials of the 
baseball organiza-
tion elected to bring 
back the character 
- and a new slo-
gan, " Keep the 
Faith" - in time 
for the start of the 
1996 season. 

"Tobeho~, I 
don't know why 
I'. doIn. this at 
• 11 •••• 1 ... -
H'sJust 
because I'. 
bor .... Or .8"" 
H'sbecausel 
like to be 

UCSD professor of political 

knots." 
Although offi-

cially ~ta nding 
behindtheirloopy 
faculty member, 
UCSD adminis-
trators were 
slightly skeptical 
of [rons' latest 
cause. 

"[Irons] is a 
loose cannon," 
UCSD Interim 
Chancellor and 
devout Padres fan 
Majorie Caserio 
said. "He's off the 
deep end. The 
engine's on, but 
nobody's behind 
the wheel. He's 
not playing with a 
full deck. He's got 
a brick missing 
from his wall. 
He's got a screw 
loose. He's a 
wacko ... .. 

wiT'" 
SINCERE. APOLOGII:S TO 

MATT 6Ro£III I I11G) 
J£ ~ F AIliD AI<8AA . 

Irons said he 
will start an all-out 
media bliLZ on April 
5, including orga-
nized events and 
"fi Ii ng lots of ap-
peals and things." 
in protest of the 
mascot's reinstate-

science, ex·monk, former 
lead singer of Supertramp, 

and defender of liberty 

"This is off the 
record. rightr' she 
added. FROM UCSD PUBLIC RELATIONS ••• 

ment. 
HI believe there's an underly-

ing issue here," [ron said. "We're 
dealing with the separation of 
church and baseball." 

Former drum-
merof I 970ssupergroupSupertnunP. 
Kevin Currie. had this to say about 
the off-lhe-rocker professor: H[ used 
to hang out with Peter all the time, 
man. I don't know what happened. 
He used 10 be such a big fan of the 
little padre. man." 

UCSD Student Reports Having Sex 
"Make no mistake, I' m a fan of 

the swinging friar and [have noth-
ing against him personally. [n fact. 
1 used to be a monk once, if memory 
serves me correct," he added. 

11'1 sing in a church choir every 
Sunday. I don't know if that has to 
do with anything, but I thought I 'd 
say it anyway." he added again. 

· ''To be honest. I don't know 
why I'm doing this at all .... [guess 

it'~ just because I'm bored. Or 
maybe it's because 1 like to be 
naughty," he added for a third time. 

Outraged fans have vowed to 
stand behind Padres ownership and 

Irons' next efforts will be di-
rected toward pulling out all the 
white crosses at Arlington Memo-
rial Cemetery in Washington. D.C .• 
and boycotting the Federal Reserve 
over the use of "In God We Trust" 
on all Uniled States' currency. 

"I've decided not to use any 
paper money for the next three 
weeks." Irons said. "Of course. lhis 
will create a problem for me when 
r have to eat from vending ma-
chines." 

ERRATAS: 
• In reference to an April 23. 1996 article in the Guardian. A.S. VP Rnance 
Edmondo Robinson was called "the spawn of Satan, pure evil in human form. " 
In fact, Robinson is not any of these things. but ~ is a recovering alcoholic. 
• In reference to a May 25. 1975 issue of the Guardian. "verisillimltude" was 
misspetlled. 
• In reference to an April 1 , 1996 erratum in the Guardian, Edmonda Robinson 
was Incorrectly refered to as • a recovering alcoholic," In fact, Robinson 
current,lydrinks himself into a stupor every night, even during A.S. meetings, 

For the first time since UCSD opened its doors in 
1964, a member ofthe student population has engaged 
in sexual Intercourse - and with another human being. 
not him- or herself. Buck Naked. a Muir College seventh-
year senior reported having sex in his room Friday night. 

"I was going to e-mail my girlfriend, who I met on the 
Internet. but the real thing seemed much more excit-
ing," Naked said. 

The campus reaction to Naked's revelation ilicited 
mixed responses. While some feel sex may be a good 
thing. others see it as a dangerous trend which will harm 
several factions on campus. 

Officials from the UCSO Police Department said that 
although this is a rare occurence. they do not believe it 
will have a negative Impact on the campus. 

"We were actually hoping for something like this." 
Police Chief Maudie Bobbitt said. "Hopefully everyone 
at UCSO will follow [Naked's) example. This will reduce 
the excessive amount of sexual harassment found In 
many offices on campus, Including our own. " 

However. personnel from UCSO's Office of Academic 
Computing Services had mixed feelings about making 
an example of Naked's behavior. 

"I know that sex is an appealing thing, " Head Com-
puter Analyst Lester Prudish. "But if all the computer 
nerds start having sex, we may have to shut down our 
services due to lack of interest. Who's gonna e-mail if 
they're busy hamg sex?" 

Prudish added that students should practice their 
computer skills instead of sexual positions. 

' Technology is the wave of the future. ' Prudish said. 
"Not sex." 

ScrIpps to ContInue Blasting 
WINdes out of the Water 

Continuing its efforts to preserve ocean resources, 
UCSO's Scripps Institute of Oceanography (SIO) has 
broadened its Acoustic Thermometry of Ocean Climate 
and Carnage (ATOC&C) experiment. Focused on the 
phenomenon of global warming and striving for the 
elimination of unwanted plankton predators - such as 
whales - ATOC&C bounces hlgh-power sound waves 
under the PacifIC Ocean. 

"It seems that while the ocean temperature has 
remained stable over the last century. the whale popu-
lation has exploded since becoming a protected species 
in the 195Os. The sound waves' success at killing as 
many of those predators as possible makes the whole 
$1.5 billion experiment worthwhile," ATOC&C Director 
and Professor of Plankton Studies Sam Enella said . 

Enella added that. as one of the most intelligent 
creatures on Earth. whales should be considered a 
national security threat. "The whale overpopulation 
problem is a threat to plankton and therefore the world'<; 
oxygen supply and mankind's survival, " Enella said. 
"Further rneasures need to be taken to blast that 
accursed species off the planet. · 

UCSD Professor of Exobiology Ester Tarestrial said 
that the experiment had succeeded in wiping out half of 
the blue whale population in the Pacific, and was really 
annoying killer whales in tne Arctic circle. 

"Those fat Sea World losers really hate the gangsta-
rap music we're blasting down there." Terestrial said. "It 
serves 'em right , they ate my daughter." 

DAN ""'-II. 80," SWEENEY. Missing In Aclfon 
BRENT "12~" JOttMON. Mop Head 

DEREK "M8IIIIIum" VAN HOFTEN. Ttle Real Deal 
DAN "Not So KnftJ" KRAFT, SeIJ(l Bradley Prototype 

SUN ·FooII loy" RAHIMt. Shaq Daddy Himself 
JEFF .a.- DIIeII" NIDn, Ready to Quit 

VAIlOV 'D8te Me" ZOLOTORIV. Photo Pimp 

AN AOIIOInc. DYlUXIC INSOMNIAC: II euy who stays up all night pondering 
the .. Istence of doC 

rr. __ IIUlIot/Itd_1IIo ""' .. _ tocbwt IIIe _,. • .., one! "" 
Il10._ 01 UCSO. ~.IINI __ "flf/Iarm. _in_Of .. pili, 
__ I,,"~ __ .. _ .• I_.~ .... _.n.~ilnoI 
........... ""1IIe II •• 01 ....... -. Of anr _ COIIIIY ""11M _ . TlIt _ 
_Itd ..... ICS ....... 1011 ... _Of_nl'donol_~_ 
Il1o ·~.IIcf· .... '''Il10 __ • rr.~ III ~"'CI\IIomItOl_ 
_""""" .... AI_St_,n.~ .. f\nIod.....,..,.....,._ 
""" ~ boer *,. 1110'1 OK. 1M ",·r .. III NIIOfIIIIIY 01.1100" ) 

TIDD "Y'" ....... !.ADD. 1'rr1ductJ0II Dey !WI 
I&MOAII .,........." MIIIAWII. MorII Suwort . 
AMA ....... VAIIIIAJI, SI~ Intruence 

SCOTT Of. CtI_U ,." , • RfI.wrIfer 
JOIII ............ .....-elY. Sorter of MllIHnah 

IVAN ........ DaVlJmlM, Honorary Food for TIIouI/If Pre,ldenf 
.....v -n. ...... ~. LIW, AuocI ... Com".,., Gee/! 

CNUCK ·Now ..... " NGUYEN. Floor Hoclley Rlnter 
MIlD! ·L.t'. !MIl ............ " MUZHIK, ~afIh to Heidi. Come In ... 

DOMINIC "TIle OtIIer IAIIIII." LOIIIIIA. Hitler WttI! a Pen 
IREJIIA "Mr ..... " LATHAM. Fonl1ue Queen 

TMI WtIIAL WUI'ON IIIIID: Le_h. WeIlf)Of\. Le"'. We"""" II, 
te.". WelllOn III 
~tllOUl~: Teny, 1IoIJIIIt, Chrll, C""IlI.." Pit, VII, Alex, 
SIm. 541..,. D~I. Leo. L •• Ne. MoIJtn. JelIn. 0.".. Kelly 
........ 1'V _ nnD: I_lit Db ... IlOn. Indecent ProposItiOn. In 
tile LIM Of Are: TIle UntOld SIOlY. Will of Oocell, Not My KId , A Ro .. Before ,....,..,.. fIIrtl= ~r. A St' ..... r·' III ... Beuayll of Innocence 
DAVID M.... IVIL twill : M.cUl ·GIfth· LobbII 
POIIII .... : Holly WOUld. Buck NII<eCI, B_ JOMaon, Mrs. JOne, 
CIIIP 1811: Jim · 1 ...., ClllIII, mon' Serio 

•• 'tI .t , .. " , • 'C\ '" ... ~ , 

GOOD DRINICS: Gin and Tonic. Tom Collins. Lone Island Ice Tea. Marcarlta. 
Black Russian. Sex on the Beach. Whiskey Sour, FUllY Navel 

ANN ·T.too" BAREFIELD. Ads With Attitude 
BOB "Wild MM" DeANDREA. Guardian "Gossip Manager 

MIKE ·In BIId Tnt." MARnNEZ. ead Sitcom Connoisseur 
RlTHYA ·OrancH'laYo .... " TANG. l\tith a Voice Lllle Honey 

JOHN BARBER, MislJ(lthroplc Cartoonist 
JOE·A Flatt In tile ... " PAN. Graphic Hoodlum 
Editorial: 534-6581 , News/FeatOlea: 534-5226, 

Opinion/Sports: 534-6582. Hlotus: 534-6583 
Buslne •• Fops: 534-3466. Fax: 534-7691 

e-mell: ,u8flll~ICI.edu 
Hey. It's 8jok •. A joke. O.K.? Come on. now. 

UCSD w.r.Gu~'1OO QIIIMft DrIve 0318, 
La Jolla, CA 92093-0318 

_or _Ion: You 'd """ to "'- INI. _'\,...1 

Monday. April I. 1996 

Lights & Sirens is a selection of err 
tries compiled from the log book of the 
UCSD Police Department. 

Mon., MIrch 25 
8:43 a.m.: Students reported the kid-
napping of stuffed animals from sev· 
eral rooms in Tioga Hall. Loss: zilch. 
10:35 8.m.: Officers arrested a 26-
year-old male non-affiliate at Tioga 
Hall for attempting to ransom the sto-
len animals. Transported to Thornton 
Hospital after being battered by SUr 
dents. 
Tues., March 26 
4:15 a.m.: OffICers evacuated Warren 
and the college formerly known as 
Rfth aft~r three fraternity members 
brokd into a EBU I lab, activated a 
fusion reactor without closing the door 
first, and contaminated the area with 
gamma radiation. Students were cited 
and released. Building was bulldozed. 
10:18 p.m.: Officers arrested a 99-
year-old male non-affiliate at the Pub 
for being drunk in public . Transported 
to Detox . 
Weds., March 27 

1:03 Lm.: Officers arrested two 2(} 
year-old male student shuttle bus driv-
ers for drag racing on Voigt Dr. Three 
pedestrians were crushed, folX were 
maimed. and five suffered minor inju-
ries. All were taken to Thornton Hospi-
tal. Suspects were cited WId released. 
2:26 p.m.: University Centers Director 
Jim Carruthers reported the theft of 
Assistant Vice Chancellor Tommy 
Tucker and of h is offICe. 
2:28 p.m.: Officers recovered the con-
tents ofTucker's offICe from the Price 
Center fountain. 
2:30 p.m.: Officers recovered Tucker 
from the utility tunnels below campus. 
Tucker became stuck while climbing 
through a manhole. Emergency 
liposuction performed. 
Thurs .• March 28 
8:56 a.m.: Interim Chancellor Case rio 
reported the theft of her dignity. No 
loss. 
4:32p.m.: Parkingenforcementtowed 
fIVe cars from lot 701 for blocking 
traffic. Stored at Star Towing. Cars 
were released after officers realized 
the cars were actually undercover SDPD 

I-------------------~-· I PARnES! PARnES! PARnES! I 
I 1(j~ II BIKlNrs! MODELl! BIKINI'S! I 
I "SPRING FLING 19611 I 
I I I March 22 through April 14 at Party Headquarters I 
I DESERT HOT SPRINGS SPA HOTEL I 
I 10805 Palm Dri~ Desert Hot Springs I 

1-800-808-SPAS (7727) I 
BRlNti THIS AD 

FOR U DAY ADMIIIION# 

The UCSD Disre-Guardian 

units on a stakeout. 
10:09 p.m.: Officers arrested ASUCSD 
President Naomi Falk for indecent ex-
posure, public drunkenness. violation 
of several state obscenity statutes. 
disrupting the peace and being a gen-
eral nuisance. Ordered to spend a 
weekend with Peter Cha~. 
FrI., M.ch 29 
3:33 p.m.: Three 33-year-old male non-
affiliates were arrested at the Che 
Cafe Garden for outstanding warrants 
forimpersonati!,€humanbei!,€s. Taken 
to Las Colinas. Rejected after strip 
search and taken to County Jail. 
11:53 p.m.: OffICers arrested an 18-
year-old male student at Argo Hall for 
stUdying. Cited, released in Tijuana 
and ordered off campus until Monday. 
Sat .• March 30 
7:43 8.m.: A professor reported being 
browbeaten after students saw the 
amount of reading required for her 
class. Transported to Student Health 
after being rejected by Thomton. 
6:03 p.m.: OffICers detained a H)·year-
old male student for stressing before 
the first day of classes. Transported to 

Come to our FREE Wednesday, April 10th 
LSAT Test DriveIMeet-the-Instructor 

Night, 5 to 9PM. Take a full-length 
LSAT (3.5 hours), then participate 

aftelWards in a customized mock review 
with some of our finest instructors. 

A 
PBOFIIIONAL 

<LSAT> 
PREPCOUIE 

" to RSYP, please (all (619) 455-1000 
11?:_r •• -;'7~1J~1~.~.~'~'~ 
., ~ mr I1T 1JJl7JJ GlI'SIIJIJIIl A8T7JlTI1f.-

Porter's Pub. 
SUn., MIrch 31 
10:51 Lm.: A student reported the 
theft of Roosevelt College. Sewch 
continues. No leads. 
11:48 p.m.: Officers investigated a 
disturbance at the Guardian office 
and found several students attack-
ing their editor with assorted pieces 
of office fumiture. OffICers jolr.ed the 
students and beat the editor to a 
bloody pulp. Transported to Black's 
and left to die. 
Mon., AprIl 1 
3:12 p.m.: A 18-year-old female stu-
dent suffered uncontrollable laugh-
ter at Peterson Hall shortly after the 
beginning of Prof. Shenk's Math 1A 
lecture. Shenk stormed out when 
the rest of the class joined her. 
6:50 p.m.: San Diego Health Depart-
ment investigators ordered Top of 
the Quad closed after 18 students 
contracted salmonella from the 
evening's mystery meat. Leftovers 
given to Food for Thought. 

- Complied by Lew Lew. 
Associate News Tyrant 

NEWS D3 

A.S.: Dowd's jock 
strap missing 
Continued from peee 1 
back my underwear and my stuffed 
animals!" A.S. VP External Brian 
Dowd bawled. "It·s not fair! It·s 
just not fair!" 

Dowd lhen cried a ri ver and ran 
out of the meeting. 

Falk.Nicollandtheotherseven-
tually puttheircJothes back on and 
resumed normal A.S. business. 

"I can'l believe [Dowd) would 
do such a thing." Falk said. puffing 
on a large cigar. " [ mean, after all 
we've been through. after all the 
painfu I hours. after all the ... the ... 
good lovin ' .... " 

"I feel like I'm waiting oul ajail 
entence." he added. 

An unknown A.S. officer then 
pointed out that Falk had recently 
been released from jail, where she 
had been serving time for indecenl 
exposure, publicdrunkcnness, vio-
lation of several state obscenity 
stalutes. disrupting the peace and 
being a general nuisance. 

'They can't pin anything on 
me," Falk squealed. " Well . any-
thing butlhe indeccntexposure ...... 

Now ENROLLING: SAN DIEGO'S #1 COURSE FOR THE 

Serving the UCSD pre-medical community since 1985 

* M.D.'s TRAINING M.D.'s-OF-THE-FUTURE * 
• INTENSIVE MCAT preparation & medical school application! 

admissions assistance arc all we do! 
• MeAT EXPERTS: an independent program taught by UCSD-traincd 

academic M.D.'s. top M.D.-Ph.D. candidates. & English Department 
Ph.D. faculty . 

• ORIGINATOR. not simulator. of inlcnsive MCAT prep in San Diego. 
• 14 WEEKS (150+ hours) of detailed in-class instruction & rcal MCAT 

testing. problem so lving, reading/writing workshops, review group , 
med school application & admis~ions strategies. & tutoring. 

• 2000 PAGES of original take-home review notes. reading & writing 
studyguides. MCAT & admi sions strategy handouts, problem sets, & 
MCAT-quality timed practice exams. 

• REAL MCAT TESTING for in-class & take-home practice. 
• DIRECT CONTACT with young UCSD docs & med students. 
• TUTORING. pre-med library & med chool application help included. 
• ON CAMPUS at the UeSD School of Medicine. 
• I.OWER TUITION than other courses. 

~ t!6 



WHITE AMERICA 
IS RACIST 
By Kathleen DooIytIe 
Equal opportumty chick 

Every five minutes, an Aztec 
child scrapes her knee Qn the 
ground. 

Every twenty minutes, an Aztec 
woman bl/rns her hand rooking din· 
nerji)r her hI/shand and childrell. 

Every Iwenlyfou r hOllrs, af/olhe,. 
Aztec mtm /tIlls to his lJealh after 
accidently .flipping off 0/1 ancient 
Aztec pyramid he was climbing. 

Either tirat, or a skyscraper. 
- Aztec Awareness Foundation 

Every white person I~ raCISI. Capi-
talism I~ reali7ed and actualized by 
Caucasians who ha ve trod on the backs 
of oppressed colored people - he 
they black, brown, red, or something 
else other than white - l"or400 years. 
Whitt.! ra(;l~L~ce l ebrate Columbus Day 
bccau e Columbus emllxx;!~~;.Q(.::....-'" 
thing All1cm;a ~tan(" lor - op-

prt.!'~lOn , rape, und oppre"lon. 
" Opprc~"I(>n" IS Ihe key word. 

Since the first day England 
establi shed her colonies of to-
bm:co growers and raei ~t~ on the 
shllrc~ 01 Virginia, si nce the lirst day 

pain sent her missionaric~ and rap-
Ists \0 the halls of Montel.uma, since 
the ~rst day France sent her fur traders 
and racists and rapists 10 Canada. 
Amerka has been a hot bed ofoppres-
sion. Oppression, oppression, oppres-
sion. Well, the French weren't as bad 
as Ihe rest, butlhcy were still white. 

Who would win in a lighl between 
an Altec and a Triton'? A Triton, of 
course. Thc Aztec's food hru. been 
slolen from her. The A71CC's land has 
been raped from hcr. The Aztec's 
spiriluality has been taken from her. 
In a word, white men huveoppressed 
the Aztec beyond all hope of resis-
tance and restilution. 

A Triton - a god created by a 
civiljzation which Whitey reveres as 
thebastionofcivilization. even though 
the Romans were really a sweaty, 
swarthy, soon, olive-skinned Medi-
terranean people, whose culture was 
stolen directly from Africans- would 
kick some Aztec booty. Besi<lcs, a 
Triton has a sharp, pointy Ihing called 
a trident which could spear anybody 
to death. Aztecsdon' t have such weap-
ons because corporate Caucasian 
Amerikkka stole everything. 

According to H.T.F. Jones, the 
politically aware gounnet eookbook 
writer who has researched Aztec co-
mestibles, "Spanish cuisine is hardly 
deserving of thC appelation; hardly 
one example of its food C8MOI di-
rectly trace itsclcvelopmentfrom Y8ri-
OIlS Native American menus. Aan, 
for instance, is no( a Spanish clcvelop-
ment, but of A11« origin. Com, and 
so everything ever crcaled from it, 
WIS first cuhivllCd by the Incas as a 
food source. The UnilCd States, Land 
of the Opprascd. mull rccopize that 
their racist coumry is noI thecraaorof 
. . . . . 

all good things. Indeed, 
more often than not, America is the 
raper of all good things, rtlping other 
I:u ltures of good stuff with which they 
decorate their own culture." 

With a bee-bop pirit and hip-hop 
lyric, black youths today experience 
life much like the Aztecs did 400 
years ago. TIle citizen~ of the U.S. 
Hate have trod on the backs of black 
youths like the Spanish trod on the 
backsof Aztec youths. And much like 
Aztec youths did Ihen, black youths 
wi II continue 10 resist Whitey unti I 
Whiley gi ves her his due. Oppression. 

You might wonder why 1 am so 
persistant in the pursuit of equality, 
libeny and all that other stuff. Well, 
one day, I asked my father, "Daddy, 1 
want a new BMW. Last year's model 
is so old now. And I want il red with 
gold trim - that blue color on the old 
one with silver trim is so passe 

And Daddy put down his flute and 
said, "Honey, you're in college now, 

and even though 
you do not have to pay a thing to 
suppon yourself, you have to reali ze 
the importance of not buying a new 
car every year. After all, money does 
nol grow on tree '!" 

And as Daddy sk.ipped away play-
Ing violin. 1 came across a realization: 
Daddy was right, money did not grow 
on trees - not on our trees anyway. 
Oppression. 

Whitey doesn't let Daddy or any 
other minority own the money trees. 
Sure, we can have apple tree or or-
ange trees, but not money Irees -
Whitey kccps them to himself. 

So, u nti I Whitey acknowledges the 
eulture from which the Spanish stole 
flan, until Whitey stops treading on 
backs of minorities, and until Whitey 
lets blacks have some of those money 
trees, the Aztec will continue gelling 
her ass kicked by the Triton. Oppres-
sion, oppression! 

4. . - ~"."~~1.~'JIII'".~ . "'I:".~ 
• • • , ,,;. I ., ~,~, 

• • . • _.; • .- • " f .... ';rv'"'!'-: 
The Disre-Guardian is funded solely by generous donations from 
former truck drivers (and a little from advertising). Here's a 
breakdown of where the money goes. 

.,. .. 

SWl ....... 

Computer 
MeIntaMnce 

Monday, April I, 1996 

WHO wouLd 
WIN IN A FIGHT 

bETWEEN AN AZTEC 
ANd A TRITON? 

WESTERN CULTURE RuLES 
By Farsam Shaddup 
Least special to the 
Dlsre-Guardian 

Smce UCSD first erected her 
mighly and herculean halls on the 
ht lis and bluffs and mountains of the 
preposterously beautiful and lovely 
and gorgeous La Jolla, one prevail-
ing and perilou~ question has re-
mained unexamined and unan-
swered Within the public forum : If 
an Aztec and a Tnton were to par-
ticipate In Ii~ticurr\ who would 
truimph as the greatest? 

Pennit me 10 infonn you and 
educate you about a fact upon which 
you may gamble your entire estate 
and even your life. Anytime. any-
"':-~L<1E..~and twice on Sunday, a Tri-

stlII'KI.I.<illl over an Aztee' s 

an Aztec's moral being. If an 
Aztec were to call a Triton out, 

and that Triton ~ere to come 
out and light lhis Aztec, then that 
Aztec would get his moral being 
roy aJi y and fastidiously kicked. And 
ira Triton were to think 
tohimself,"Youknow, 
I wanna kick some And. 

enlence,justifying such censorship 
by aying that most readers won 't be 
able to understand what I'm writing 
because I'm not clear and lucid . I'm 
clear and lucid. It'sjust all you fools 
and buffoons out there who think 
they 're educated and leamed who 
have J problem with big sentenc.:es 
and word~. The editors arc stupid, 
andsoi evel)one.You'realiraclst. 
too, which lS utterly under\tandabl.: 
because ignomncc is cong nlt,,1 aml 
intrinsic to racism) - a Tntllrl \~III 
kick an Aztec's moral hemg. 

Because the fact thJt a Triton 
will kick an ALlec's moral being is 
as much an axiol ' l as it is a maxim. 
as true today as it was 2.000 years 
ago, when the Greco-Roman civili-
zation would have absolutely, com-
pletely and utterly de~troyed the 
Aztec civilization had not a thing 
called the Atlantic Ocean separated 
the two, one might wonder why the 
San Diego State athletic teams al-
ways pummel and pound on UC San 
Diego athletic teams. 

Someofyou ignorami might em-
ploy a certain a logical 
and even DeCanesian 
approach and answer, 

moral being," then he 
would go and kick an 
Aztec's moral being, 
because there is nocon-
test. An Aztec would 
get his moral being 
kicked by a Triton ev-
ery time. A Triton 
would kick an Aztec's 

thoudht that "Well. gee. isn't SDSU 
6"" a Division I vocational 

being an training facility , while 
armadillo UCSD is a Divi~ion III 

educational edifice?" On 
might not be the contrary, theauthen-
that bad. tic and indisputable rea-

son SDSU pounds on 
But I might UCSD is that they cheat 

moral being. 
Consider: A Triton 

has this pointy thing 
called, coincidentally 

prefer to be andlieandgypandcheat. 
Allow me to illuminate. 

an e.ephant. Since thc beginning 
and incidentally, a trident. And with 
this pointy thing - which is almost 
like a spear but isn't because it has 
three pojnty and sharp things in- ' 
stead of just one - a Triton would 
stick an Aztec like the mere mortal 
an Aztec is. Allow me to explicate. 
An Aztec is a mere mortal- and by 
the way, a Triton is nol a mortal, but 
a god, which is much better than a 
mortal, because gods don 't have limi-
tations and boundries like mortals 
do (sometimes I think Ishould really 
have been reincarnated as Apollo, 
God of the Arts, because I am good 
looking and beautiful in an immor-
tal and etemal sot1 of way, and I'm 
a reolly'good writer - this is true, 
despite the Disrt-GUlJrrJian editors 
who edit me pugnaciously and vi-
ciou.~ly, often destroying and oblit-
erating ~re paragraphs by reduc-
ing them to I si"llc !IIId solitary 

~ of man's temporal 
awarene s of what he perceived as 
his universe, before he could create 
that greatest of human inventions, 
the computer; before he could write 
that supreme and sublime example 
oftabsolutefreedomcalledTheCon-
titution; before he could exclaim, 

"Is there any real difference between 
man and amoeba? What iflifeisjust 
a dream, and all of you arc just 
unpaid actors in it? What is the real 
meaning of 'what'f', man has al-
ways fought against his fate. Be-
cause man must always push the 
boundries which boundrify him, he 
often must cheat to come out on top 
- Will someone Slop the voices in 
my head?! Get the ants off me, 
mommy! !! I am the greatest human 
intellect since Thomas Jefferson! 
End racism, Slop affirmative action! 
I am a REAli. Y GOOD WRITER, 
ADMIT IT, YOU SONS OF 81-

Monday. Apri I I. 1996 

ANNOUNCEMEN TS 
Congratulations S1aci. Trac:i, Ashley, 
Tiffany, Stephanie, Natalie, HeIdI, JIje, 
Kiki , FIfi, Gigi, Dee Dee, Ceecee, Hebe, 
Nini, Reecee, Chrissy, Missy, Liaty, 
Birdie, Mandee, Randee, Nancy, 
Ghandee. Kimmie. Annie, Julie, Jackie, 
Jackee, Katie, Carrie, S/;lerry, Mary, 
Kimberly, Becl<y, Cindy. Also. Heather, 
Danielle, Jessica and Nicole. (411) 
Does education, pr<H:hoice and the 
environment matter to you? Me neither. 
Let's have some ·e. (4/1 

EMPLOYMENT 

• found my job 
tIIroII ....... useD DI ........ _ 

c .......... Ad. 
Looking for fun & challenging work? 
WOODY'S ROCK YARD needs people 
to put rocks in the wheelbarrow for the 
wheelbarrow drivers. Resume to P.O. 
box 7177, SO CA 92111 (no calls 
lease . 

Alaska Summer Jobs- Rshing industry. 
Eam to $3,ooo-month. Malelfemale. 
Must REALLY like fish. No experience 
necessary, and having a life not 
required. There's nothing else to do but 
!!.sh, man. Call~OO 555-1111. (4/1) 

HOUSING 
La Jolla room for rent Former closet 
With air duct, room for a small 
paperbi. r::k. pet mouse, can hear traffic 
outSide. Near bus stop. $1 ,000 mo. 
Call Marge. 555-7070. 4111 __ 
UniverSity City postage stamp for rent. 
Smaller than you ever thought a room 
could pOSSibly be, but damn pretty. 
Nice wallpaper. Solid foundation. Not 
anywhere near UCSD, but who'd want 
to be anywhere near there anyhow? 
Call 534-6666. (4/1) 
A brand new. $300lmonth condo In Del 
Mar. fully furnished , right on the beach, 
spacious interior would be a great 
bargain, butthis ad is for a S500/month 
crack house in National City. Oh well. 
Call 558-5784. 

The UCSD Disre-Guardian 

CLASSIFIEDS 
.",. UCSD D/a,.-auaffliltn IeHlVn IIle light to clonify. ed,t. mu,.. Insert off."l .... wolds orp/lro .... 
_ teI_ "_ett,-. we ...... The Adven_ will nO( hold tho {)I.,.-G_n hoble tOi 
• nyoleiml,aeulttngfromlllepwblocetoonofllleaot.trti_. _KouI-.typlst_ratHlhoo"ol 
(, •• • chump inltatd of CIIum. _,errer_ instoo" of _, Torno. llc.) 
Copy Ihould be I_by thl. __ IorI"Ol • • ond don't ttycomong In ho .. 014:29 'cou .. we·,. 
0UIt0 here. mono H you do monage to show up duling 'egIl Ie I btl...,. .. houls (ond nol ou, rolllel lengthy 
lunch 1Im1) tllen fill out I 101m. _ Iny qUlll ionl to tho young 0li011 guy 0' tho CUtl g,/I ., tIlo ,,,"1 
oHa on your ngtu The Id manager Ind graphiC Inlsl .r. no hetp: lVOId -Bob" I' all cost. No lady. 
we don~ have change. 
sa .. _ ana juol mail Claoellioclo to: 
UCSD DlOte-GUII,Cliln, Attn: Ct .... _ • • Il5OO Gil...., Dri .. 103l1. La Jolto. CA 12013. 
Actual I_Ion: SluClont CenIaf A. Room 217. 
C •• _ 10 lho lazy : Tho UCSD _II burro mey be III 01 hurllnll. 

FOR SALE 
Bargain for a futon! Futon frame in 
good condition, folds into a sofa, metal. 
Hard as a god damn rock, though. Only 
$19.95, and comes with a free Ginzu 
knife set. Call 622-0365. (4/1) 
Computer-4-sale: 300 MGDs, 1000 
AIr, 350 REM, 575 TAG, 870 POWs, 
400 PING, 5000 PONG, 6000 YRS, 
7200 RIF, 200 ZING , 2000 BARABING, 
50 KEGs, SOO BEERs, 638 TENTs, 
1000 TNT. Mint green. shiny. For more 
info, call 534-NERD. (4/1) 
1972 Otdsmobile Cutlass - really really 
big boat of a car. This vehicle is a tank. 
I mean huge. Fixer-upper, needs a 
paint job, gas pedal kinda sticks, 
transmission could use some work, but 
great "first car." $50, Call Jo Shmo fo' 
info , 697-9674. (4/1) 

WAN TED 
Fratemailidentical twins needed for a 
paid UCSD psychology experiment 
$10 for one hour! Will anybody ever 
call? Jeff. 534-6283. (4/11 
Need 3 to 4 kegs of any American 
beer, preferably on the low end price 
wise, ifyaknowwhuttamean. Call Prof. 
Larsen, 555-6666. 
SUBJECTS PAID for a study on 
alcohol'seffects. Call Prof. Larsen, 555-
6666 (4/1) 
Need student to carry package across 
border. Well paid. Call 794-7087. Ask 
for Paco (4/1 ). 

SERVICES 
TERM PAPERS, DISSERTATIONS, 
ETC. I type about 25 words a minute. 
Call if you're not in a real big hurry. 

HAIR 

Jean, 555-8021 . 
Having trouble with a particular 
professor? Tired of your roomie? Stuck 
in a sticky legal jam? I will hunt down 
and kill your problems. Price negotiable. 
Call 657-9404. Ask for Tony "The 
Snake" Tortellini. (4/1) 
You too can be a stud wlout being 
called a "John." Forget CSO's. Call 
UCSD's finest escort service - 534-
DATE. (4/1). _ _ 
"You were there like a blowtorch burnin'l 
I was a key that could use a little tumin'" 
Lyrics to live b . (4/1) 

DIIRE-GUARDIAN CI ... lfted, 

LOST & FOUND 
Lost· Rather large box of neon green 
condoms (the glow-m-the-dark kind) . 
I'm desparate and I got them on sale. 
550-8979. (4/1) __ _ 
Found: Big box of glow-in-the-dark, 
neon-green condoms. They're kinda 
cool , but I have no use for them. 550-
8978. (4/1) 
Lost: Interim Chancellor Caseno's 
di ni . If found , return to EDNA. (4/1) 
Lost: One UCSD student's virginity (see 
story, page_2.!....)('-4_/1 !....). ____ _ 

Classified Line 
Ad Rates 
StudentI: S2 per aytllble 

FICUIty • Staff: a per WIer 
All .... ,.: .. per-a. 

so. for punctuIIIIon 
IIIIIIII. 

w. accepI CUlTllncy • 

Classified Display 
Ad Rates 

sa.75 per column Inch 
DeadUne.: 

PublIcation Dol. OI.,...y Ada line Ada 
Noon Thut.. 3 PIlI Thur .. 
Noon Mon. 3 PIlI Mon. 

Found: A fish out of water. Please 
retum to Scripps (4/1) . 
Lost: My left nut. (4/1) 

PERSONALS 
Kevin--I think you misunderstood . 
OUTING the VERB, NOT the NOUN 
Dennis. (4/1) 

CLASSIFIEDS D5t. 

Isn't it ironic? Don't you think? (411) 
Smurfs rulel (411) 
The big black bug bled the blue-black 
blood. (411) 
If I ever see you again, Jon, you're a 
dead man. - Frank (411) 
I've got big hair and an even bigger 
you-know-what. Call mel 550-6789. 
H Jon, kiss mass! - Brian(4/1) 
Ewwww! (4/1) 
Say, has anyone seen my twinkie? I 
know I put it here somewhere .... (411) 
Who writes Alanis Morisette's songs? 
"Isn't it ironic?" - a trained monkey 
could whip out those lyrics. (4/1) __ 
JON, YOU'RE A REAL JERK FOR 
WHAT YOU DID. -JULIE 411). 
Pardon me, do you have any Grey 
Pou n? I didn't think so. (4/1) 
This is a message for Jon: screwyou!1 
Love, Nicole . (4/1) 
Sincere guy. Looking for long-term 
relationship with guy or girl. Tired of 
cliches. Looking for someone new. Call 
459-3238. Ask for Jon. (411). 

Econom 

.V'''", .... WEAR . 

EXTENDED $69 
WEAR $99 

COLORED LENSES 

==t~~ $169 
All _ ""'*-_: 
._.c:..loll· r-...-
.--• IIyopM only ,.10 " .000 
• Hypwapk: AMIgmotk: lMI_ Hfg/*'. 
• IIfIng lei. 

0,. lIet/ille Cohen, D.O. 
CIIIIfISt OptDmetrlst I" UCSD 

4150 REGENTS PARK ROWSTE.l60 
L, Jolt, Mal It WI-...,.,"'" Jetrp'r 
546-10.00 

SKIN 
NAILS Del SDMMIH SISSION 1996 

----

This summer, move one step closer to a college degree 

If studying abroad s 

M ake the most of your summer by attending \ .. Summer Session at University of l'~~~'t~~ 
Califomia, Irvine. At UCI, we'll help you keep ~ .. 
on track: with an extensive range of courses in "i' 
the Humanities, Sciences and Social Sciences. 

Soak Up Some Credits This Summer 
UCI Summer Session is your ticket to fulfilling your degree require-
ments. The best part is, you don't have to be a VCI student to enroll 
and to earn transferable credit towards your degree. 

Start Thinking About Summer 
Lighten your fall course load and plan to attend Summer Session at 
VCI. We have three sessions available: 

A Style From YOUNG 
AnlTUDES and This Ad! 

you, con icier our Qaal,ridge 
Program. It's a u ..... f.ve-
week. summer su'" 
gram al Pembrok$' 

S"sion I: June 24-August 1 
100Week Session: June 24-August 30 
Session II: August 5-Sepkmber II 

Houno 
Mooodor· FMoy !< 
s..uod.,-.~ 

T....,..-"''' 
"", ....... 'om-Ipoo 

8843 Villa La Jolla Dr., 
La Jolla V Lli. Center 
(Nat Rot"", lie Snon) 

Men's & Women's Cuts $4· OFF 
Reg. $22-527 t 

"r457·3334 

the third oldest 
Cambridge colle 
summer immerso .......... tfin 
British culture a .... 1IIIY 
while you earn 
towards your ael.'·'; 

For more Inrormatlon 
To request a free Summer Session caWo& or Cambridge brochure, 
contact our Summer SeaSiOD office: 
Phone: (714) 824-5493 FAX: (71") 824-2090 
E-mail: summcr-scssion@uci.edu 
Web site: http://www.uncx.uci.cdul-unal!ilmmerse sion 



1 

·1 

UCSD DIS R E - GUARDIAN FA RTI II THE IRe 0 N T A I N MENT APR ILl, 1996 

crack 
1t1~ 
TI •••• 'II •• will b. 
In t .... t .. to.orro •. 
• Oliver Stone's new film, Yes, I 
Do Have a Gun: The Kurt Coboin 
Story, will be released in theaters 
throughout San Diego. With never-
before-seen footage obtai ned from 
the elecuici an who foundCobain 's 
body, Stone shows how one of the 
bullets that went through the back 
ofCobain 's head came through an 
open window. Stone uncovers fur-
ther evidence that suggests Mary 
Lou Lord, oneofCobain 's former 
lovers, had re.lS0ns for shooting 
the singer who posscssed the voice 
of a generation. The film stars 
Trent Reznor as Cobai n and 
Counney Love as herself. 

• The documentary. The Sex Pis-
lOIs: Punk Rock Sell.r OU1, open at 
the Ken Cinema. Original Pistol 
Johnny "Rollen" Lydon will at-
tend the premiere on Friday to sign 
copies of his new book, How 10 Be 
aWanker and Still Make Millions. 

• Howard Stem's long-awaited 
film, Fort Man Gets It Up Ihe Ass 
from Rush Limbaugh, will open at 
theaters throughout San Diego. 
Radio stalion 91 X will be giving 
away tickets on the airto any caller 
willing LO discuss his experiences 
with anal sex on the air. 

F.J1.jlll'lt:". 
T ............ wllbeln 
record .... on "'-dey • 
• The Afghan Whigs will release 

Whi~e Guys From Ohio Gal No 
Soul, an album of R&B covers. 

• WeAIL Wanllo be Rockelfrom 
the Crypt, a compilation featuring 
ten different San Diego bands, wi II 
be released. 

• Anthology III. the lalest release 
of never-before-heard Beatles' 
songs, wi II feature a version of 
John Lennon singing "Freebird" 
in the shower with Yoko 000 on 
the toilet providing backing vo-
cals. The track is already in heavy 
rotation on AAA [onnats and adu It 
discretion is advised. 

• Tickcts are on sale now for a bill 
of hip-hop acts dubbed "Dope Hip-
Hop Shit From the MOlhership." 
Cypress Hill, Rage Against the 
Machine, the Beastie Boys and the 
Pharcyde will all play at RIMAC 

-on Apri I 31. Tickets for students 
are $5. Tickets forthe general pub-
lic are $30. 
.Tickets for the Smashing Pump: 
kinslPearlhm concen at RlMAC 
on April 31 are available from 
noon to I p.m today atlhe 7-11 
convenience store on the Rincon 
Indian Reservlllion. There isalimit 
of two tickets per penon, and, in 
kcepill8 with the bands' desire to 
avoid TlCketmuIcr and save fans 
money,tickets are $75. 

n a strange alliance of music 
and politics, President Bill 
Clinton sat in with George 
Clinton and Parliament during 
Friday night's rousing,two-hour 
performance at RIMAC (the 
Spring Break concert had been 
rescheduled because an earlier 
date was canceled due to slow 
ticket sales). 

"Take it, white boy," George 
said as Bill staggered on stage 
amidst a cloud of smoke (appar-
ently he had been doing a bit of 
inhaling before the show). Bill 
played a saxophone solo that 

didn't quite pack the punch of George's 
funk but still received an enthusiastic 
response from the sold-out crowd. 

The atmosphere backstage was also 
celebratory. At one point , Bill said he 
was considering telling Vice-president 
AI Gore that George would replace him 
in the November election. 

-

"AI is a real stick-in-the-mud. He 
doesn't have soul, if you know what I 
mean," Bill confided to MTV's Tabitha 
Soren, who asked more than once if she 
and Bill could talk in private. 

George responded to the news by say-
ing, "If I were vice president, I'd really 
have to paint the White House black." 
He added that he would keep his hair in 
dreads no matter what the White House 
dress code might be. 

Taking credit for bringing the Clintons 
together was A.S. Programmer, OJ Moon. 
Although OJ Moon has had trouble consis-
tently booking shows at RIMAC (aside 
from the clearly underrated Christian rock 
concens) and bringing top-name acts to 
campus, he came through with this show. 

"All year long, I've brought the dope, 
hip-hop shit to the students at UCSO -
Bootsy, Ben Harper and now George 
Clinton," he said, adding that the rev-
enue from the Clinton-Clinton bash more 
than made up for what he lost on the 

BEER-O-RAMA 
see page H34 

original show. "Now, it 's time for me to 
move on . I'm going to start my own 
record label, called Go~Down On It. It 
will Lc the shit, just you wait." 

Even former A.S. Programmer, Mateo 
Sneer was impressed by the event. Mak-
ing a rare appearance on campus, the 
Tijuana resident said, ". had lost faith in 
the kid [DJ Moon] but he redeemed him-
self with this show. I may have brought 
Everclear and Rage Against the Machine 
to campus, but DJ Moon has topped any -
thing I did. Oh, I got a story for you. I 
was in TJ last night , and I met a girl ..... 
But Sneer was cut off by the roar of the 
crowd, calling for one more encore. 

As Bill stumbled onto the stage for 
another sax solo, he stood at the edge of 
the stage and looked into the crowd. 
Seeing the mass of hands and bodies 
awaiting him, he took a running start and 
leaped into the welcoming crowd. Eddie 
Vedder and Billy Corgan look out- the 
kids have a new hero. 

Monday, AprilJ. 1996 The UCSD Oisre-Guardillll 

ARENA • 
WHAT IS WRONG WITH YOU? 

Intente •• by Dan MFiake 80," S ••• ...,. • ~ ..... , b, C ... ck MNow ........ " Ngu,en 
• 

I have an overinflated sense of 
self-worth. I always have to 
walk in front of people when I 
go to class. I always make 
people call me by the name 
"Great Goddess and Master." 
I frequently ' request that pho-
tographers take pictures of me 
from below, so I look scary 
and imposing. 

ANNA MANNA 
Eleanor Roosevelt 
First-Year Student 

Take a look at me! [flails 
around with anTIs] Look at me! 
What do you think is wrong? 
I'm a freak! Afreak, I tell you! 
I have two enonnously large 
ears and an overbite that would 
make Gomer Pyle jealous. I 
spit on you! I spit on you! 

BOB, THE FREAK Boy 
Revelle 

Sophomore 

I enjoy sucking on big toes. 
They ' re yummy. 

TADDGLADD 
Muir 

First-Year Student 

Snorting small insects has this 
weird side effect which made 
my longue unnaturally long. I 
like to stick my disgustingly 
big tongue out at people. 

JOE BLOW 
Eleanor Roosevelt 
First-Year Student 

FEA TIJRES D7 

List of Fools 
Alex Theisen 
Dan Schmenowski 
Jessyca Wallace 
Jeff Larsen 
The Guardian old 
regime 
Warren Ho 
The whole A.S. 
The parking gestapo 
Farsam Shadab 
Daily Cal Printers 
Greg Hearn 
SRTV 
The Last Indicator 
Matthew Schnuer 
Kevin Mooo 
Alanis Morissette 
Peter Irons 
Regent Campbell 
Brian Dowd 
Interim Chancellor 
Caserio 
Tommy Tucker 
Neil O'Donnell 
The San Diego' 
Union-Tribune 
Jim Stephens 
Don Lake 
Marcos 
Career Services 
Yoko Ono 

--

Get Rid of those Extra Rolls! 
( ... of film that is) 

At the 
Sunshine Store & Revelle Sundry Store 

Film Special ... April 1-6 

Special prices on ALL color print rolls 
(including double prints) with 

no limit and 1-day service! 

• $3.99 for 3"x5" Regular Prints 
$4.99 for 4"x6" Extra Large Prints 

Offer does not apply to black and whjte. slide, or panoramic film. 

f\t#lt-}tl Ilt f 

-I 



.~ 08 SPORTS '- Monday, April I, 1996 

RED SCARE 
KARL MARX 

The Revolution 
Won't Be on TV 

Given the recent success of 
the United Auto Workers ' 
strike against General Motors, 
it seems that organized labor's 
renaissance has dawned. We 

r t must not forget past injustices 
against workers, however, for 
the uncaring hand of big 
business always remains raised 
to smash the rights of the 
proletariat in thi s country. We 
should never forget the martyrs 
of the last major labor conflict: 
the hard-working baseball 
players of America. 

RIMAC BOUND: Reasons for UCLA guard's defection are increased 
playing time, a chance to take more threes and loss to Princeton 

Who will ever forget the 
day the baseball players went 
on strike. They sacrificed it all 
- their livelihood, the 
playoffs, the World Series -
to make a stand against low 

8y D ... Crudd 
A Fungus Amongu5 

In a press conference held last 
Friday afternoon in the RIMAC main 
arena, UCSD Athletic Director Judy 
Sweet announced that the Tritons have 
lured UCLA sophomore Toby Bailey 
away from Pauley Pavilion and to the 
comfortable confines of Tritondom. 

''I'm so excited," Sweet said after 
the conference. "I mean,the curly hair 
and the braces, and how he's so ath-
letic, Ijustcan' t wait." 

Baily cited several reasons for leav-
ing UCLA, including the loss to' 
Princeton in the NCAA tournament 
and his deflating scoring average. He 
finally sellied on UCSD because he 
felt the offense was more suited to his 
style of play. 

"I feel that UCSD will afford me 
the distinct opportunity to explore my 

insofar untapped scoring propensi-
ties," Bailey spewed. "I firmly be-
lieve that 70 points per game and 15-
20 three-point attempts are well within 
mycapabilities- featsthattheUCSD 
offense most definitely shall . grant 
me," 

The Triton basketball team mem-
bers were also enthusiastic about the 
signing, feeling that Bailey will give 
the team the added dimension it needs 
to defeat conference powerhouses like 
the Whittier Poets and Santa Cruz 
Banana Slugs. 

"We always seem to have trouble 
scoring more points than the other 
teams," Triton center Matt Aune said. 
"Toby Bailey scores a lot of points. I 
thi nk that 's neat." 

When asked if the Tritons really 
need yet another three-point shooter, 
most players responded favorably . 

• pay and poor working condi-
tions. In doing so, they boldly 
stood in front of the titans of 
industry and said: "We will not 
accept wages that keep our 
families in this di smal lifestyle. 
Furthermore, we will not rest 
until we can work less than six 
days a week." The owners 
quaked in their boots when 
confronted with ~uch a resolute 
enemy. They could only settle 
with the wealth-producers in 
one way, by negotiating with 
the players they had so brutally 
oppressed. 
~ I was proud to be one of the 

proletariat that day. All of us 
- the factory workers, the 
gravediggers, the dental 
hygenists - stood proudly 
next to the downtrodden 
revolutionaries. Barry Bonds, 

Triton 'Gamblers 
Hit the Jackpot 

• Cesar Chavez and Karl Marx 
were one.at last, fighting for 
the rig_ts of the common man. 

ALL ACES: After a successful weekend of 
wagering, the Triton gamblers w~re high rollers 
By Sean Mlmlml 

Unfortunately. the struggle 
in baseball is not over. 
Baseball players are still forced 
to work under abhorrent 
conditions, sacrificing their 
bodies 'for the benefit of the 
ownerS. The tragic list of 
injuries players suffer through-
out the season is proof of the 
owner's uncaring attitude. 
Many players are forced to rely 
on illegal drugs to kill the pain 
fromlhei .. Ilighily struggle. 

We cannot allow this abuse 
to continue. The baseball 

• • players of America and their 
families are counting on us all 
to lake a stand against the 
bourgeoisie owners. They own 
the stadiums, the hoi dog 
factories and the television 
stations. All we have are our 
fists, our backs and our ball. 
Join our brothers in Major 

, _ League Baseball and fi,ht for 
fair pay and safer womn, 
conditions. 

Steak and sausage combo 
It 's been that kind of year for the 

UCSD riverboat gambling team. 
You know, the kind of year when 

you double-down and 
tum up big money. The 
kind of year when you 
buy insurance and the 
dealer hits the jackpot. 
The kind of year when 
you ' re playing Pai 
Gow poker and you ' ve 

got a pair of aces and three-of-a-
kind. Well, that kind of year. 

In any case, the Triton tricksters 
turned up on board the Queen Mary 
last week, as they took on Division 
I powerhouses UNL V and Univer-
sity of Reno in a three-way, winner-
take-all poker tourney. 

When the dust had settled and all 
the chips had been counted, UCSD 
emerged victorious, bringing home 
a cool $4S million in change. 

"I called one-eyed jacks !'nd 
kings with the axes to be wild," 
UCSO senior stakesman Jack Black 

COGIl .... u.e 
Fri., May 1, at Tijuana Main Arena, 10 p.m. C.: •• 
Sat., May 2, at UnlwnJty of Montreal, Noon 

" . .. •• ~.ra: 
Sat., April 20, VS. Welnburger Elementary School at the 

Revelle Quad, 3:30 p.m. 

said. "It happened to be my lucky 
day. I pulled up three jacks and a 
pair, and I was already seeing dollar 
signs." 

In other poker action, Triton var-
sity wagerman Bob Gullee bluffed 
his way into a nifty $50,000 pot, the 
keys to a UNL V player' s car and the 
acquaintance of that sucker's girl-
friend for Qne night. It was an inde-
cent proposal that the upstart fresh-
man couldn't pass up. 

"I only had ajack high," Gullee 
said. '" can't believe I duped those 
experienced players so well. And 
I'm so happy for our team. , mean, 
we come from a Division m school 
and we're not supposed to do so 
well against scholarship gamblers." 

UCSO's Head Gambling Coach 
Mack "The Knife" Guilini said that 
the weeks of preparation - learn-
ing to count cards, sneak aces into 
obscure bodily orifices and other 
tricks - ensured the victory for the 
Tritons. 

1IIIICatoDo 
.. D ..... 
.....y .... 
DaM: Go see 
a Rockies 
game, tour 
downtown, 
hang out In a 
bar, visit... 

"Look man, no no give da 
boy no crap," Triton guard 
Quien Saywhat said. "He be git 
cia ball and go up in de lane, 
give it the bad cause got up 
what's at." 

UCSD Director of Sports 
Information Bill Gannon 
seemed especially pleased with 
the move. 

"Actually, I've never heard 
of him. I know UCLA is a big 
school- Division I, I think -
so I guess he's pretty good." A.S. PresidenVGuBICIlan media whore 

When one reporter asked New threat: Bailey should thrive in 
Gannon to elaborate on any ad- the Triton three-point attack. 
ditional information regarding 
what many feel is the biggest event in 
Triton sports history, he replied: "Infor-
mation. I don' t have any information." 

Even San Diego Mayor Susan 
Golding was elated over the incident. 

"The economy is improving, 
unemployment is down and San 
Diego has its first halfway decent 
basketball player since Tom Cham-
bers," she ~aid . 

UCsD Looks To 
Next Season 
DISAPPOINTMENT: Triton players felt they 
were snubbed from post-season tournament 
By 00 
The writer formerly known as • 

As the 1996 season comes to a 
close, the Tritons can only think of 
what could have been. 

After finishing higher than any-
one anticipated this season, the 
UCSD squad faced disappointment 
as it was denied a bid for the playoffs 
late last week. While the team didn't 
have as good a record as many tearns 
seeded in the toumarnent, the kind 
of heart and character it displayed 
shouldn't have gone unrecognized. 

The toumament selection com-
mittee completely overlooked the 
fact that UCSD posted a dominating 
victory over one of the tearns which 
was selected in its place. 

"Y cab, I think their bus broke 
down somewhere in Barstow," said 
a Triton junior in reference to the 
overpowering defeat of the nation-
ally ranked squad. "Although they 
sent some of their cheerleaders on 
ahead, and they made a game of il" 

The player went on to say how he 
couJdn'tbelicvelhil his Triton team, 

Dw .... : 
Sleepy, Grumpy, 
Sneezy, Doc, 
Bashful, Dopey 
and one more 
that we just 
can't 
remember. Can 
you? 

which was labeled by some as the 
best Division ill team of all time, 
was left out of the tourney. 

"We also beat that travelingjun-
ior high school team and the Sisters 
of Our Lord and Saviorall-starsquad 
- Don't forget," he said. 

Other team members echoed his 
sentiments and felt betrayed by the 
selection committee. "We sucked. I 
don't think there's ever been a worse 
tearn in the history of modem sports," 
a player said. "We could barely beat 
ourselves in practice." 

The Triton Head Coach accepted 
the disappointment, but remained 
optimistic about next year. 

"Make it stop, please make it 
stop," he said. ''I'll kill myself if I 
have to coach this tearn next year." 

Some of the Triton players, 
knowing they can't dwell on this 
most unjust of circumstances, have 
already begun looking forward to 
next year. " heard coach said he'd 
buy us all new unifonns and shoes if 
we decided not to play forthetcam," 
one player exclaimed. 

And: In 
addition, also, 
and so on, 
furthermore, 
etcetera, 
moreover, 
therefore, thus, 
In conclusion, 
finally ... blah. 

'It ..... 




