
-.:4 '-1 =If.'j: 1:4 ,1 =-
UNCStudent 
Claims DIscrIml ... 
tIon 
CHAPEL HILL, N.C. - A 
University of North Carolina 
student fi led a ci vi I-rights 
lawsuit against the univer ity 
Monday in an attempt to end 
alleged discrimination in 
awarding scholarships. Calling 
lhe current scholarship system 
"abhorrent, immoral and 
personally offensive," Jack 
Daly, 23, fil ed a two-part 
federal lawsuit which contends 
that sexual-preference and 
race-based scholarships at 
UNC violate the Fir t and 14th 
Amendmenls to the 
Consitution. Daly is one of 
eight white plaintiffs involved 
in the lawsuit, which argues 
that minority grants discrimi-
nate against those who are not 
the "favored" race. 
- The Daily Tarheel 

PALO ALTO, Calif. - The 
Stanford Law School received 
last week its largest donation 
ever - in the form of a cattle 
ranch in Colorado worth $12 
million. School officials say 
they plan to sell the 2,664 acres 
of property. The ranch is a gift 
from Deane Johnson, who 
received his bachelor's and law 
degrees from Stanford in 1939 
and 1942, respectively. The 
donation comes in the middle of 
a five-year fund-raising 
campaign which aims to raise 
$50 million for the school. 
Proceeds from the sale will be 
placed in a chari table trust that 
will be administered by the 
university, but will continue to 
provide income for Johnson. 

- The Stanford Daily 

Student Group 
Named After MOYie 
EUGENE, Ore. - The Force is 
alive and well at the Universi ty 
of Oregon. The Associated 
Students of UO recently 
approved the Star Wars Student 
UllIon (SWSU) as the latest 
student group on campus. 
According to SWSU founder 
Sean Martin, the group first 
fonned to discuss current social 
issues and relate Ulem to the 
Star Wars universe. Martin said 
he hopes the group will discuss 
such issues as ethics and 
technology, immigration and 
violence in the media. 
- The Oregon Daily Emerald 

FARGO 
HIATUS: The Cohen 
brothers present a new 
black comedy 11 

PHOTO: A Guardian 
photo essay of Tuesday's 
campus unrest 8 

SPORTS: UCSO's golf 
team rallies to finish fourth 
in the USO Invitational 20 

, H • u c 5 D 

UC SAN DIEGO THURSDAY, MARCH 14, 1996 VOLUME 87, ISSUE 20 

.. 

PRIMARY UC Students Arrested After 
Anti-CeRI 
Rally, March 

THE 

DEMONSTRATION: Students 
taken into custody after 
refusing to leave intersection 

GUARDIAN 
EDITORIAL 
BOARD 
PROFILES GOP 
CANDIDATES 
AND ENDORSES 
PROPOSITIONS 

hen the California pri~ 
mary elections roll 
around on March 26, 
voter will have the op-
portunity to give input 
not only on national po-
litical candidates seek-
ing nomination, but also 
on several pertinent lo-

cal and state is ues - including educa-
tion , wildlife conservation and crime. 

The Guardian editorial board ha ana-
lyzed each of the statewide propositions 
and the worth of the Republican pre 'i-
dential hopefuls - one of whom will 
challenge Bill Clinton thi fall. 

By Esther Yoon 
Staff Writer 

San Diego Police arrested 18 UC students 
Tuesday afternoon during a campuswide march 
upholding affirmative action and protesting the 
California Civil Rights Initiative, which culmi-
nated in the formation of a human \>Iockade of 
La Jolla Village Drive. . 

Police ousted more than 300 students from 
the inter ection of La Jolla Village Drive and 
Villa La Jolla Drive during the afternoon, after 
UCSD students and faculty closed dowll the 
intersection to trdffic for longer than 30 min-
utes. 

Approximately 700 students and faculty 
members attended the "Stand Up for Justice'" 
rally at the Price Center preceding the march. 

The proposition ~ would affect every-
one in California, including UCSD 'w-
dents. As for the Republicans, San Di-
ego will thi ummer play host to their 

biggest gathering in four years , the 
GOP National Convention_ 

It is in UCSD students ' best 
interests to vote. If we, as -tu-
dents, ignore the issues around 

us, then our protests and complai nt 
are worthless and our voice wiil not be 
heard. 

See Page 4 
forSpeci~ 

Election Coverage 

Several community members endorsed af-

...,,-- aJlMJlDlas:" For related 0 erage of 
Tuesday's protests see page 8 

finnative-action policies during the event, in-
cluding Femini t Majority Fund President 
Eleanor Smeal, United Farm Workers Vice 
President Dolores Huerta, Equal Opportunity 
Coalition member Greg Akili and Los Angeles 

alifornia ns for Justice Director Joselito 
Laudencia. 

UCSD ethniC studies Professor George 
Lipsitz and literature Professor Gina Valde~ 
also spoke during rue day 's ral ly, expre si ng 
their oppos itIOn to CCRI. The initiative, pro-

po~ed by Gov. Pete Wilson and UC Regent 
Ward Connerly, recently won a spot on the 
November ballot. If enacted, it would amend 
the state constitution and dismantle the affirma-
tive-action policies in place in government en-
titi es throughout California - including public 
education, .public employment and public con-
tracting. 

Proponents of affirmative action attacked 
CCRI and the initiative eliminating affirmative 
action in the UC system, calling them both 
"politically motivated." 

"[CCRI] is not a limited initiative," Smeal said 
to the crowd of students in the Price Center. '1'hey 

See ARRESTS, Page 9 

UCSD Reacts to Connerly's Outreach,_ Financial Aid Stance 
REVERSAL: Regent 
no longer opposes 
race-based outreach 
By Suketu Valshnav 
Staff Writer 

UC Regent Ward Connerly 's 
decision last week to abandon his 
quest aimed at ending race-attentive 
UC recruitment and financial-aid 
programs has prompted an array of 
responses within the UC commu-
nity. 

"We are delighted to see these 
changes in the regent' positions," 
UCSD Assistant Vice Chancellor 
for Enrollment Richard Backer sdid. 
Backer also commended UC Presi-
dent Richard Atkinson for convinc-
ing Connerly to "change his mind." 

"The programs we have in place 
right now are very important to the 
university," said Backer, who also 
oversees student outreach and re-
cruitment. 

Connerly's special assistant 
Ignatius Anyanwu refuted any 

claims that Connerly has changed 
positions, however. 

"Regent Connerly did not change 
his mind and still favors SP- l and 
SP-2," he said. 

He added that Connerly wants 
to "let the dust seUle and give the 
rUC] system some. time to undergo 
some of the profound changes of the 
last several months." 

In a leiter to Atkinson last week, 
Connerly stated that he decided 
against placing an item on the agenda 

See CONMERlY, Page 9 New stMCe : Ward Connerly 



I I : 
2 NEWS The UCSD Guardian Thursday, March 14, 1996 

UCOP Policy May Let 
Campuses Set Fees 

ETCETERA ... -

PROPOSAL: Policy would allow chancellors 
discretion in setting miscellaneous fees 
By Chris Schreiber 
Staff Woter 

If a new proposal by the UC Of-
fice of the President is approved by 
the regents, chancellors will be given 
the authority 10 set certain fees on a 
campus-~pecific basis. 

described the proposal as a means of 
addressing the UC system's budget-
ary di ffi culties in an equitable man-
ner, he expressed concern over the 
removal of the student-input clause. 

'The proposal does not provide 
sufficient opportunities for consulta-

tion with students," U~rfees,admin­
istrative charges and 
penalties and coursc-
materia ls fees -
which are currently 
set at the systemwide 
level by the UC 
Board of Regents -
would fall under the 
proposed policy. 

AISosubjecttolhe 
newl:ampus-specific 
l: h a rge~ include 
chemicals, biological 
speCimens, glass -
ware, artists' media 
and costs a sociated 
wi th providing live 
models roran dassel>. 

Course-materi als 
ree~ set by the regents 
underthecumnlsys-
tem do not exceed the 
actual coru of the ma-
teri als themse l ve~ . 
The proposal could 
end thi s pric ing 
method, even though 
the policy 's guide-

"I don't think 
students should 
be ... ,Ingfor 
H.m. pertaining 
to In.tructlon •••• 
Thoselt.ms 
should be 
covered b, the 
state at a public 
university. " 

--N8OIII1 Falk 
ASUCSD President 

Watson said. 
Falk also took 

issue with the 
proposal's stipula-
tion that increases 
in materials and 
usage fees are not 
considered as part 
of the cost of in-
struction, and arc 
therefore not cov-
ered by financial 
aid . 

Faile added that 
the new fees could 
fo rce students to 
choosethelrmajors 

ba~ed on which 
programs they can 
afford. 

"This could re-
sult in someone 
deciding to pursue 
a degree in sociol-
ogy rather than bi-
ology , simply 
based on costs," 
Falk said. 

BRIEFLY ••• lines encourage chancellors to "stri ve to keep increases in course-materials 
fees moderate and graduaL" 

Several UCSD students, includ-
ing ASUCSD President Naomi Falk., 
have come out against the proposal. 

The proposal encourages chan-
cellors to take course-materials fees 
into account when deciding finan -
cial-aid awards. 

Watson said that although course 
fees would not fall under the purview 
of financial-aid packages, students 
could get their packages expanded to 
meet their needs during the year. 

Three UCSD Economists Receive Grant 
'" don 't likedlC trend of setting up 

independent, separate fees for things 
which used to be covered by a single 
fee," Falk said. "Down the road, this 
could lead to such things as library-
user f~s. 

". don't think students should be 
paying for items pertaining to in-
struction .... Those items should bC 
covered by the state at a public uni-
versity," Falk added. 

Falk. also expressed her concern 
that the new guidelines would allow 
chancellors to set fees without taking 
student input into consideration. 

According to the current guide-
lines wrillen in 1984, "[The) chan-
cellors shall utilize ongoing advisory 
groups that include students to advise 
them on the level and uses of cam-
pus-contro lled fees and charge~." 

This clause would be stricken from 
the guidelines under the new pro-
'Osal, which makes no provisions for 
student inpul . 

UCSD Vil:e Chancellor of Stu-
1" 1Il Affairs Joe Watson echoed 

. ~ ~ sentiments. Although Watson 

'This policy has no direct refer-
ence to financial aid," Watson said. 
"It should be considered, but only as 
it pertains to raising the average cost 
per student of attending the univer-
sity ." 

According to ASUCSD Campus 
Organizing DirectorGreg Field, who 
is also c<xhair of the UC Student 
Association Fees and Financial Aid 
Committee, giving chancellors con-
trol over miscellaneous fees would 
remove a valuable level of oversight. 

"Our main concem is thedistribu-
tion of accountability, which hap-
pens as the chancellors are given 
contro l of fees and at the same time 
are not required to report Lhcm," Field 
said. 

However, Watson said that whi Ie 
the proposal grants the chancellors 
completeauthority to impose course-
speci fic fees, they would be required 
to give UCOP an annual report list-
ing their individual campus' fees . 

Three UCSD economists recently received $265,000 
from the federal govemment to study various approaches 
used to gauge public opinion on environmental issues. 

Economists Richard Carson, Theodore Groves and 
Mark Machina's two-year project received the grant 
from the National Science Foundation and the Environ-
mental Protection Agency Partnership for Environmen-
tal Research. 

According to Carson, the project will Include an 
examination of various methods used to determine 
public preferences - including contingent valuation, a 
survey-based approach pioneered by Carson and other 
environmental economists, which looks at how people 
decide between environmental protection and higher 
prices through regulation. 

Carson was the lead economist retained by the state 
of Alaska to assess the environmental damage of the 
Exxon-Valdez oil spill . He has also assisted a number of 
other state , federal and foreign agencies with policies 
concerning air quality, water quality, national parks and 
wildlife. Groves is an authority on public economics, 
pub lic choice and incentive problems in large organiza-
tions. Machina is a specialist in economic behavior 
under risk and uncertainty. 

OrIginal UCSD Composer Robert 
Erickson Proflleclln N.w Book 

The life and works of Robert Erickson, a founding 
member of UCSO 's music department, are the focus of 
Charles Shere's new book, Th inking Sound Music: The 
Life and Work of Robert Erickson. 

Erickson, 79, has been recognized by the American 
Institute of Arts and Letters and the National Endow-
ment for the Arts. He has received a Kennedy Center 
Friedheim Award, a Guggenheim Fellowship and has 
been commissioned numerous times by organizations 
such as the Los Angeles Philharmonic, the Kronos 
Quartet and the Sequoia Quartet. 

Shere, a radio, television and print joumalist, has 
received fellowships from the National Endowment for 
the Arts as both an art critic and a composer. 

Thinking Sound Music is part of the Fallen Leaf 
"Monographs on Contemporary Composers" series. 

UCSD Profe .... RIchard Moore 
to Chair UCSD Music Departm.nt 

F. Richard Moore. a professor of computer music at 
UCSO since 1979, has been appointed chair of the 
UCSO department of music, effective July 1. . 

Moore is the founding director of the UCSD Com-
puter Audio Research laboratory. He also served as 
director of the Center for Music Research. Moore 
studied composition, piano and percussion at Carnegie 
Mellon Un iversity and at the University of Illino is. He 
also collaborated with Max Matthews of AT&T Bell 
Laboratories to develop the Music V and Groove mus ic 
systems and s imultaneously earned a Ph.D. in com-
puter-music-instrument building at Stanford University. 

Moore 's current interests include fundamental re-
search in music and computer-mediated composition 
and performance . Moore will serve a three-year term as 
chair, succeeding Rand Steiger. 

DAN SWEENEY, Features Edllor 
8R£NT JOHNSON, OpinIon Editor 

DEREK VAN KOFTEN, Associate OpinIOn Editor 
DAN KRAn, Sports Editor 

MIMUTER: J,m Seno 
""IT: Janet Eom 

rite ucso Gunoan .. ""1, __ III end Thur1d1)'S dunrC the _Itar by one! Io/Int 
. tudtM.ofUCSO R ... oductoon of III" ___ ",,,,,,form. _, ,,_0/111 pan.WI\IIo\.I 
_"oon ~ '''1CI1y P"'''t>~od . 01!l96. IIInctC. ,........a. rheUCsoaun"".noI rt ..... ~bIe 
torlhe ,."",0/ un$Oltdecl mlllUlCllllt. or en Tile _ ...... sed In" .... end SCneclloltffS 
or _"". do .... _..., "",1M'" lilt QOInIor\I of The UCSO GuooIron. the u.-s'Y 
of Cllrlomla IX the A,$O(I"" SIIoIent. The IJCSO ~ I. f'unOe<I SOlely by _I"". 
, .. chtl II 'Idlel 

TIDD LADD, EdItor In Chief 
SIMOIIIIIIILLIII, CoM, nating Edllor 
ANNA VAlSMAN, Co-Mlllatmg Edllor 

ICon PADEN, Copy EdItor 
JOHN MUItIIIIY, Assocllfe Copy Editor 

IVAN DlLYlNTHAL. News EdItor 
TDtn' LIW, Assocl,te News Editor 

SEAN RAHIMt, Associale Sports E/:Illor 
JEFF NtDEL, Hiatus EdItor 

YAKOY ZOlOTOREV, Photo Editor 
CHUCK NGUYEN, Associate Photo Edllor 
HEIOI MUZHik, ASSOCiate Photo Editor 

DOMINIC LOI8IA, Graphics Editor 
.ENfIIA LAntAM, DeS/In Edllor 

_OR ITAFF WRlTEItI: Peler Chang, Marianne VIII" 
ITAFF WRlTERI: Bill Glanzm8ll. Mary Hillains, Glace Jang, 
Matthew lIallnowskl. llathleen lytle. Anand Petel. Nathan Plellia. 
Kevita Saclana , CIVIS Schre,ber, Nicole Sunderland. Jane Taylor. 
Ste.e Walsh . Esther Yoon 
ILLUITRATORI: Ale. Alrn . Mok Heronle. Mike Ibay. lutha Leahy-Miller. 
Ray Rud<ly. RI:h Yumul 
DlSHlNlRI: Wall Dlck,nson. Marcus lOObla. Suketu VSlsMav 
,""T08ItAPHIIII: Andrew Chen, jennIfer Hart. "MI Macisaac, 
H8IIh N8IJYen. Mart< Patterson. Claire ScMetder. Jessie Therriault. 
Estell. Vrllacorta 

ADVERTISING ASSIITANT: Cheryl Sasto 
CIRCULATION AIIiITANTS: Ken Chin. Pablo ManllW, Chns tme Pafford. 
Stefanle Stock. Aymel Terrar 

ANN BAREFIELD, Advertlslnl Manaler 
BOI DeANDIIIA, BUSiness Office Man/llfer 

MillE MARTINEZ, Art Director 
RITMYA TANG, Ass!. Business Man/llfer 
JOHN BARelR. Ad Leyout and Desiln 

JOE 'AN, Graph ic Desllner 

Editorial: 534-6581, News/Features : 534-5226, 
Opinlon/Spons : 534-6582, Htatus: 534-6583 

Business Office: 534-3466 . Fax: 534·7691 
e-malt : lIuard,anOucsd.edu 

Gualdlan Online: tottp:/ /www.ucsc.eOu/&uardian 
UCSD Guardian, 9500 Gilman Drive 0316, 

La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 
,,"t"al locatlon: Seeond Floor. ucso Stlldent Cente, Build"" ',, '. Rm. 217 

Thursday, March 14, 1996 The UCSD Guardian NEWS 3 

A.S. Discusses Future of Ethnic Graduation Ceremonies 
COUNCIL: Campus-
specific fees also a 
matter of contention 
By Esther Yoon 
Staff Wri ter 

Several students addressed the 
possi bility of losing A.S.- fund ing 
fo r nex t year's ethnic graduat ion 
practices at last nig ht ' s A.S. Coun-
ci l meeting. 

According to A.S. Vice Presi-
de nt o f Fi nance Ed mondo 
Robmso n, the question of renew-
ing the fundi ng aro~ e in the wake 
of rece nt news art IC les and an edi -
torial opposing student fundmg in 
the March 4 and 7 Issues of the 
Guardian . 

Union (AASU) and Mars ha ll 
sophomore Veroni ca Hay, in a 
public input forum with membe rs 
of the A.S. Council. 

" I think ethnic graduat ion cer-
emonies wi ll be funded - but 
whether [A.S.) funds them nor not, 
is not going to stop us from hav ing 
them," she added. 

Student Affirm ative Actio n' 
Committee Chair Ingrid Benedict 
addressed the A.S . Council during 
the public input period last ni ght, 
reprimanding council members in 
their level of awareness on campu 
issues, including ethn ic graduation . 

"COUncll .... m ...... 
need to be 
responslbl. and 
take tile Inltlatlv. to 
understand campu. 
r.latedl ...... 
before th., .peak 
about them 
publicly." 

- Ingrid Benedlc:t 
Chair, 

Student Affirmative Action 
Committee 

di scussing first." she added. 

After spri ng el ectIO ns, the 
new ly elected A.S. Counci l will 
allocate and approve a bu dget fo r 
student orga nization funding dur-
ing the fifth or six th week of Spring 
Quarter, Robinson said . 

"Counci lmembers need to be 
responsible and take the initia t i ve 
to understand campus- related i s-
sues before they speak about them 
publi cly ," Benedict sa id. 

Among other issues, Benedict 
discussed public commentary s ur-
ro un di ng the practice and funding 
of ethnic graduati on ceremonie _ 

"If you are speaking as a repre-
sentative of the A.S. and thi s 
school, you need to be responsi ble 
and aware of the issues you a re 

Benedict , one of the 18 Stu-
de nts arrested and detai ned in a 
San Diego jai l at Tuesday ' s affir-
mative action demonstration, ci ted 
it as a "wake-up call" for members 
of the A.S. Council. 

"This event should alert peopl e 
on counci l to the importance of 
issues that are going around cam-
pus, and the rest of the commu-

"The 'cli mate' is the issue that 
is bothering students on campus," 
said African-American Student 

.. --- ye"O!~'~~~E~:N~N~~S ----: I I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

'--- BUY 4 TOKENS ••• GET : 

FREE: 
OKENS Ono .............. ..,. . E. p 414196 • 
~------ i. th. UTC Food COlrt 

.. ;.:-!:~ c.;~ .. 
/IN ...... '''''' ... '' .. 

.... _.,'lIlj11W·I)..._ ... 

, I. •• ' t ' 

WHAT KIND OF BIRD ARE YOU? 
\ , 

-V'!O -
~~' 

, , 

PREP COURSE 
'"':>,*''' 

Get ahead of the flock. Our Home Prep Pack contains the best MCAT 
sciences review materials in existence - available on April 17th. 

..I) D!agnose your shortcomings before they become problems. 
,.. Discover now which areas (Verbal?) may need extra attention. 

~ ~ Choose your session early. With only 24 students 
~ per class, popular sessions will sell out quickly. 

~ ~ We offer a discount to Early Birds. Sign up 
~.,J lIy april 12th and get a $50 discount. 

Lf U. ~OO ~~:!_!!!.4S!·10! 
/71 VP.' ·""'11 

" 

nity ," Benedict said . 
In other council news, A.S. 

Campus Organizing DirectorGreg 
Field updated progress with cam-
pus and UC system-related fees. 

Vice-Chair of the UCSA Fee 
and Financial Aid Committee Greg 
Field recently addressed a joint 
hearing before the State Assem-
bly Budget Subcommittee on Edu-
cation Finance and the Assembly 
Higher Education Committee , in 

advoca~y of leg islat ion which 
wou ld "roll back" fees fo r the 
1997-9 academic year by IS per-
cent. 

" W t" need to get support be-
hi nd some key individuals, par-
tic ul a , iy State Senator Bil l 
Lockyer (D-Santa Clara) ," said 
Field, to me mbers of the A.S. 
Council. 

"[The legi lation] i on stand-
sti ll unt il March 20 - when it wi ll 
be introduced to the Senate Ed u-
cation Co mmittee .... So we need 
people to call tatc senators on the 
budget committee ro~ support," he 
added. 

Field also di scussed a possible 
increase in mi scellaneous student 
fees and "seco nd-bac k" fe es 
which apply to grad uates return ~ 
ing for supplementary degrees. 

According to Field, the miscel-
laneous stud ent fee increases 
would give discretion to chancel-
lors at the nine UC campuses in 
increasi ng campus-speci fi c fees. 

"This initiati ve wi ll di stribute 
accountability tremendously and 
eliminate an advisory committee, 
and make it diffi cult fo r student to 
target campus-specifi c fees," Fie ld 
said. 

The existing "second-back" fees 
- which UCSA recently itemized 
as an is ue of immediate advocacy 
- are supplementary to registration 
fees for undergraduate students. 

"The issue of second-back fees 
was supposed to be brought to the 
regents but [the UC Office of the 
President) fai led in putt ing it on 
the agenda." Field said. 

"Second-back students wi ll still 
have to pay $2,000 for spring quar-
ter," he added . 

Now ENROLLING: SAN DIEGO'S #1 COURSE FOR THE 

hrving the UCSD pre-medical community since 1985 

* M,D,'S TRAINING M.D.'S-OF-THE-FuTURE * 
• INTENSIVE MCAT preparation & medical school applicalion/ 

admissions assi lance are all we do! 
• MeAT EXPERTS: an independent program taught by UCS D-trained 

academic M.D.'s, top M.D.-Ph.D. candidates, & English Depanment 
Ph.D. faculty. 

• ORIGINATO~. nOI si mulator, of inten ive MCAT prep in San Diego. 
• 14 WEEKS (150+ hours) of delai led in-class inslruction & real MCAT 

te ting. problem solving. rcading/wri tlng work.shops, review groups, 
med school application & admissions strategies, & tutoring. 

• 2000 PAGES of origina l take-home review notes. reading & wnting 
studyguides. MCAT & admissions stralegy handouts. problem sets, & 
MCAT-quality limed praclice exams. 

• REAL MCAT TESTING for in -ctass & take-home practice. 
• DIRECT CONTACT wi th young UCSD docs & med sludents. 
• TUTORING, pre-med library & m~d school applicallon help included. 
• ON CAMPUS al the UCSD School of Medicine. 
• LOWER TUITION lhan olher courses. 



4 OPINION The UCSD Guardian 

BALLOT MEASURES ON 
THE MARCH 26 PRIMARY 

• York Hall 's north and south wings, which include PROPOSITION undergrad uate class laboratories, wo uld undergo 
After the failure of the safelY improvements and other renovations. 
$ 1.9 million ed uca- • Galbraith Hall would be renovated, and its me-
lion bond act in 1994, chanical -e lectrical systems would be replaced . 
it bee ms Ihat higher • And the "seismically defi cient" North Annex of 

education in Californ ia the Medical Cenler would be upgraded and equipped. 
is finally bemg given Opponents of Proposi tion 203 argue that "bonds are 
a second chance. And not free money" and that "half the tale budget goes to 
th i oppo rtunity schools already, mostly to bureaucrats, not students." 
comes in the form of They make some good points: This bond would, accord-

the Pu bl ic Ed ucatl on i ng to a legislati ve analysis, result in a total cost of about 
Faci lities Bond Act of 1996. $5.2 billion - $3 billion in princi pal and $2.2 billion in 

While in the last five years voters have tended to interesl - to the state of California. 
favor funding jails over schoo ls, thi s proposition But while the interest is a hefty amount fo r an in-
would boldly issue a $3 billion bond to improve ·debted California, nothing in the proposition claims 
California's public-cducation facilities in thc . . to be "free money." The state would pay 
UC system, Cal State universities, commu-YES off this total in .inc~ments from the Gen-
nity colleges and K- I 2 schools. eral Fund,. which IS mostly tax m.oney, 

To put it in UCSD-related terms, if this over a penod of 20 to. J? years, WI.t~ an 
proposition does not pass on March 26, the next time average yearly payment of $208 mllhon: ln ad~ltlon , 
a moderately severe earthquake hits San Diego, it is important to note that the bo~d money IS e~­
Revelle College would be buried under a pile of marked for improving and renovatang school faclh-
rubble. Proposition 203's primary purpose is to : ties and cannot be spent on anything else. So, the no-

• seismically upgrade bui Idings, tion of throwing money at our educational problems, 
• equip schools with computers rather than addressing the problems 

and computer-related technology, themselves, holds no water here. 
and The renovations that California 

• build and renovate classrooms. 
The UC system would receive 

about $325 million of the $3 billion 
sum, and approximately $34.4 mil -
lion is alloued for the UCSD cam-
pus. For students, Ihis propos ition 
is especially important, as it would 
drasti cally improve the huildings 
whcrc we study, work and attcnd 
classes 

Ac(!ording to Ihe UC Office of 
the Presidcnt, UCS D wo uld ~pcn d 
thi s money to improve two areas - D .7 million 
towanl upgrading "seismically poor" buildi ngs at 
UCSD and th l! Scripp~ InstitutIOn of Oceanography 
(S IO).:and $657,000 towdrd eqUipping Ihe newly reno-
vated Bonncr Hall. 

In terms of basic upgrading work, the fo llowing · 
buildings would be affe ·tcd : 

• Rillcr Hall at 10 would have It S two ··~c lsmically 
poor" and ··very poor" wings, its mechanical-electri-
ca l systcms and its elcvator replaced. In addition, im-
provements would be made to the roof and facade, 
and a ncw fire alarm and sprinklcr \ystem would be 
installed. 

• Pans of Vaughan Hall and Nierenberg Hall at 
1110 would be replaccd or upgraded . 

schools so seriously require can be 
completed only if the funds are 
available. The bond does address a 
specific and important problem: 
safety. 

Proposition 203 would not rai se 
taxes and would therefore not force 
"s ingle people , the elderly and 
childless couples" to finance it, as 
its critics have contended. No in-
di vidual would have to give more 
LO education Ihat he already does. 

Studenls deserve beller than to attend clas es in 
buildings which could easi ly co llapse from the hake 
of an earthquake, even if that earthquake is far smaller 
than the so-ca lled "Big One:' 

Proposi tion 203 has the backing of not only educa-
Lors, but also businesses, including the Califomia PTA, 

alifomia Business Roundtahle, Congress of Cali -
fo rnia Seniors, Califomia Labor Federation, the UC 
president, the CSU chancellor and the California 
Chamber of Commerce. 

Thi& measure can only improve our 
schools , and - in Ihe long run - our state. 
Don ' l let political rhetoric stand in the way 
of common sense. The Gtta rdiall urges a "yes" 
vote on Proposition 203 . 

~ R 0 PO SIT ION tori sts underground due to the stricter standards and 
'r higher coMS which would fo llow from forcing insur-

When determining ancc companies 10 pay no-fault damages. As people lind 
monetary responsibil- they no longer qualify for insurance, or that premiums 
ity for an accident, have ri sen to the point of prohibitive cost, they wou ld be 
Proposition 200 would more inclined to drive without insurance. 
eliminatethcconsider- This reaction not only defeats the main purpose of 
ation of who was at the bill - to eliminate the risk posed by uninsured mo-
fault . Under the pro· torists - but would also deprive local and state govem-
posed No-Fault sys- ments of motor-vehicle and insurance tax revenues esti-
tem, a person involved mated at over S 100 million per year. 

in an accident must go to No-Fault statutes have historically been losers. Sev-
his own insurance company to collect any damages, even eral other states have tried to adopt No-Fault policies 
if he was completely innocent. • 0 over the years, and all have repealed or modl-

UnfOrtunately, this policy will force safe N tied them as they raised insurance costs and low-
drivers to take responsibility for reckless driv- ered government revenues. ~o-Fauk proVISions 
ers' mistakes. Insurance companies will sim- have not'been successfully Implemented III any 
ply raise the base rates charged to everyone, and come state for over 20 years. . . 
up With new excuses to charge so·called "higher risk" Given the available eVidence and the likely con.sc-
groups - younger people, in particular - more money. quences, the Guardian urges a "no" vote on Proposillon 

Secondly, the No-Fault system would drive more mo- 200. 

Thursday, March 14, 1996 

THE GOP 
CANDIDATES 

B·OB DOLE 
He's been called "the ultimate political in-
sider" almost as often as he's been called 

"too old." Nevertheless, Senate Majorily 
Leader Bob Dole, 72, is running for presi-

dent once again. Neither of his previous two 
presidential campaigns, in 1980 and 1988, re-
sulted in a Republican nomination. But with-
out Ronald Reagan or George Bush in his 
path, Dole will likely find himself leading 

his party in San Diego this summer. 
Despite lurching at the beginning of the 

Republican-nomination race, Dole has recently 
come on sLrong. Last Tuesday, he swept all seven 

states with primaries, and all indications show he 
i n't about to slow down. 

What makes Dole the front runner? First, Dole's 
political experience is no longer considered to be a 

disadvantage. Many voters feel his long-time pres-
ence in Washington is favorable when compared 
to "outsiders" like Steve Forbes. Dole was first 
elected to Congress in 1960, and has remained 
in national office for the last 36 years. In 1968, 
he was elected to U.S. Senate for Kansas, and 

later served as Republican national chairman under Richard Nixon. Since 
1984, he has served as senate majority or minority leader. And now, a persis-
tent Dole is running his "final mission" - a campaign for president. 

As a strong supporter of a decentralized govemmenL, Dole wants to see 
several federal departments disbanded and handed over to individual states. 
These departments include Education, Housing and Urban Development, 
Energy and Commerce - "four of the most ineffective, burdensome and 
meddlesome departments," according to Dole. 

Dole's stance on -social issues is conservative but notably softer than the 
fist-pounding Pat Buchanan. Like most Republicans, he upholds an anti-
affirmati ve action stance. In addition, he used to support a complete consti-
tutional ban on abortion with no exceptions, but now he says he would allow 
it in cases of rape, incest or to save the mother's life. 

Dole believes that popular culture is sleaJing the innocence of our country's 
children with its "destructive messages of casual violence and even more 
casual sex." He made a televised appearance after President Sill Clinton's 
recent State of the Union address, asking Hollywood to take responsibility 
for the content of its products. "Ours is not a crusade for censorship, it is a 
call for good citizenship," Dole said. 

He favors a balanced budget, sometimes citing the woes of national debt. 
He has said on numerous occasions that federal taxes should be "flatter, 
fairer," but he has yet to endorse a flat tax. He also backs free trade with other 
countries, noting the many jobs it creates in the United States. 

Though he rarely shows any emotion over his pet issues, and rarely iden-
tifies what those issues may be, Dole is clearly the GOP frontrunner in the 
bid for president. Many Republican voters see him not only as an experi-
enced politician with conservative beliefs, but also as a strong supporter of 
the conservative economic values, and more importantly family values, which 
they so cherish. 

PAT BUCHANAN 
Presidential hopeful Pat Buchanan took a beating during "SuperTues-

day," and finished behind Senator Bob Dole in 
Louisiana, Mississippi, Oklahoma, Oregon, Ten-

nessee and Texas. In Florida, he finished behind 
both Dole and publi shing magnate Steve Forbes. 
Nevertheless, the Buchanan campaign shows no 

signs of stopping. 
Buchanan's campaign revolves around 

what he calls "America First" - a plan 
which would end foreign aid, sharply in-

crease the size and strength of America's 
military and curb the growth of transnational 

corporations. He also favors lowering taxes by 
slashing the tax code and the IRS, cutting "big 

government," eliminating affirmative action and 
championing "the values of faith and family and 

country." In addition, Buchanan hopes to end illegal 
immigration and sharply curtail legal immigrati on. 

Buchanan is calling for a nationwide ver-
sion of Proposition 187, last November's Cali-
19rnia ballot initiati ve which denied everything 

except emergency medical care to undocumented immigrants. He would 
"do what is necessary to defend the borders of my country," up to and 
including using the National Guard to enforce the horder. 

Another of Buchanan 's main arguments is the need to "re-invent Con-
stitutionalism." Buchanan considers gun control unconstitutional and calls 
for the return of American "sovereignty" from the International Mon-
etary Fund, the World Bank, the World Trade Organi/.ation and the United 
Nations. He would also prohibit American ~oldiers from serving under 
the United Nations' flag . He is a strident advocate of states' rights, and 
would return much of the federal government's powers to the states. 

Buchanan was born in Washington, D.C., in 1938. Raised as a Roman 
Catholic, he completed his undergraduate work ilt Georgetown Univer-
sity before moving on to a master' degree at the Columbia University 
School of Journalism. 

PROPOSITION 
The "Open Primary" 
initiative would al-
low voters to cast 

their ballots in any 
one party primary, 
whether they belong 
to that political party 
or not. 

The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

zalions and, as such. hold primaries which are 
not open to all voters. Their activities should 
not be infringed upon by the law - just as the 
public should not be able to determine the Ma-
sonic Guild's internal policy. Primaries should 
not become susceptible to public influence. 

PROPOSITIONS drive-by shoOOngs have increased dramatically. 
In 1991 , an average of one person per week 
was the victim ofadrive-by shooting. The only 
way to deter crimes such as these is to enact 
the harshest punishments po 'sible. 

Most imponantly, the passage of Proposi-
tion 198 would lead to political sabotage within 
California's primaries. The Republican party 
could urge its members to select the weakest 

Opponents argue that the propositions are 
ineffective. Yeltheir argument rests on the be-
lief that the death penalty does not act as a de-
terrent. These critics have failed to notice these 
bills do not mandate the death penalty for spe-The idea behind the proposition 

is to make third parties more acces-
ible to the public. If the people were 

given the option to vote for candi-
NO Democratic candidate in the prima-ries, rather than VOle for one of its own party's nominees. Moreover, 

with both parties adopting such a 

Propositions 195 and 196 would add first- cial-circumstancecrimes - lifewithoutparole 
degree murder during a carjacking or will be offered as a viable option. 
carjacking-related kidnapping, murder of a ju- Critics also claim that the death penally, as 
ror and murder resulting from a drive-by shoot- well as the tougher sentencing, would be a huge 
ing to the list of "special circumstances" pun- expense to taxpayers. However, eUlTCnt state 
ishable by death or life in prison law holds that carjackers who arc 
without parole. YES convicted of lirst-degree murder 

dates beyond their own party, perhaps some 
would opt to support third-party nominees. 

strategy, voters could be forced to choose be-
tween two extremely weak candidates in the 
general election. The Guardian urges a "no" 
vOle on Proposition 198. 

However. this proposition ignores that pe-
litica l partie~ are equival(:nl to private organi- Currently, those who are con- with kidnapping or robbery re-

victed of carjacking must also be ceive the same punishment as a 

PROPOSITION Funds. The proposition would allow the de-partmenl to kill lions "imminently threatening 
public health, safety or livestock." 

convicted of robbery before the first-degree special-circumstance crime. And because the 
murder can be considered a pecial-circum- first -degree murder of a juror is a crime which 
stance offense. And while the murderof ajudge, rarely occurs, listing it as a special-cirCum-
prosecutor or other public official is a special- stance crime will have lillie fi scal impacl. Ignore t he bait les be-

tween gun owners and 
environmentalists over 

Proposition 197. Don 't 
pay att ention to Ihe 
heated voices on either 
side ofthis proposed leg-
islative amendment. 

The truth is PropoSition 197 is a mess. 

The biggest problem with Prop. 197 is that 
it is a knee-jerk reaction to isolated incidents. 
Seven mountain-lion attacks on humans have 
been reported since 1900. Two were fatal. 

Proposition 197 also ignores scientific logic. 

cireumstance crime, the murder of ajuror does We cannot allow fal se monetary concerns 
not yet fall into this category. to override public safety. The Guardian urges 

In the last seve!al years, ca~ackings and a "yes" vote on both Propositions 195 and 196. 

PROPOSITION 
First, the proposal would amend the Cali-

fo rnia Wildlife Protecti on Act of 1990, repeal-

umerous biologists contend that opening up 
hunting on the mountain-lion population will 
do nothing to shrink its size. In fact, with the 
species a slrong as it is, lions will reproduce 
more frequently and at younger ages, creating 

Proposition 192 i a$2 
billion bond issue that 
will retrofit 1,200 

highways and bridges 

of retrofilling our highways today will be far 
less than the cost of rebuilding them after the 
next carthquake. If the roads are left in their 
present state, an earthquake could prove disas-
trous to lhe state's economy. 

ing the mountain lion '!> status as a a rebound effect. 
protected animal. Second, the mea- NO sure requires the Fish and Game 
Department to implement a moun-
tain-li on management plan, using up to 
$250,000 for 1996-97 and $ 100,000 annually 
thereafter from exisling Habilat Conservation 

Tossing money at a non-exis-
tent problem is a waste of time and 
va luable state resources. The 

$250,000 from Habitat Conservation Funds 
could be ocller spent elsewhere. The Guard-
ian urges you to vote "no" on Proposition 197. 

to make them more 
earthquake-resistant. 

A slate that uses 
taxpayer money 10 

build highways has an obligation to ensuredri v-
ers' safety. Currently, the highways 
are unprepared to handle earth-
quakes . The Loma Priel o and 
Northridge earthquakes proved that. 

Some opponents complain thai the 
proposition's method of selling bonds will PUI 
the state funher in debt. But th~t debt is mis· 
leading; California is still paying off previous 
bonds, while reaping the benefits lrom ini tial 
investments. Bonds give the state a method to 

raise funds wi thout increasi ng 
taxes, so rcsidents get added 
safety at no direct cosl to them . 

ADVERTISING 

DEADLINE 

for the 

FIRST ISSUE 

of 

SPRING 

• II 

~·28 
I I · ' • 

., 

••• 

NO 
They also proved thal eanhquakes are frequent 
enough to warrant sutlicient prolection. 

Earthquakes wi ll always oc-
cur. When Ihe stale has the means to conlrol 
Iheir damage, il should do so. The Gllardian 
urges you to vole "yes" on Proposition 192. Prevention is cheaper than Ihe cure. The CO~I 

Thurgood Marshall Seniors. 

.S There 
so~ethlnldg Like 
Vouwou 
To Say at 
Graduation? 

The TMC Commencement Committee will be 
accepting graduation speeches until 

Monday, April 8, at 4:00 p.m. in the TM 
Co llege Dean's Office. For more information 

stop by or call 534-4390. 

Place one entry every time you place an order through 

Volunteers are needed for Research Drug FREE 
Study. All testing and study medicat ions are 

Qual ified participants will be paid up to $360 
for participation 

436 5189 Ask for Dianna, Helen Call - or Silvia 
Warren W. PI.skow, M.D. 

DIPLOMATE . AMERICAN BOARD OF ALLERGy/ IMMUNOLOGY 

GRAND PRIZE 
$2,500 CASH 
2nd PRIZE - Plu. for. JI.r 
24 Pizza Cenolicales eaGh tor ony pou. 

et)'CU, chooc4I &. Donny Ocmono 
CoIIecIlllt Dell 

3rt! PRIZES· Free PlU8 
clrtlfdlc.t •• 

1.$999 Medium I 
I 2· Topping I 
I Deep Dish Pizza I 
I Gel a 2nd l-topping pizza for $5 morell 
I La Jolla 452.UCSD -

20 wnners receIVe I ptll8 of the.. I I 
chooct-ony.oz, any lopprlgo-.l • Tax nol inc I Exp 4/30/96 

Donny Comno CoIlocIibIe Dol I NOI vahd w,'b any olhe ' all" I 
• Ment ion coupon wh,en ordeflng 

~M ••• '.'AI:[I}:. 
I> March3 1, 1996andyoumaybetheBlgWlnnerl The C II U ' $ 99BUFF'ALO I ., more times you enter, lhe better your chances! a s. ' 13 M 

ueSD -.!Jommo ~ 321~Holiday Ct.~1~m~a~sunThur~1~m.2am F~&-=-a~ _452·UCS~ ~ : AddonanOfderol ~I,~on~~i9 v.;m : 
I II DOMINO'S San Diego Area II any pizza purttlase. Hot & SpIcy or BBO. I C 10 SWEEPSTAKES Au pot.ntlll Grind I I I ' . CUSTOMER APPAE IAT N . Prize Winner, you cln I La Jolla 452.UCID 

•. • . . OFFICIAL ENTRY FORM rec.lv. your prlzlln II Tax nollnel. Exp 4/30/96 I 
I one 01 the ICllIowI"9 I VIIK! wkh Iny olho, olfe, I I Name III MenIOon eoupon whon 0'0"11"'0 WIY. . P ..... cheek: _ _ 
: Ad~'" D~:: :'$1S:i :ra!., I City State --Zip D I pr"" ~yment II 1. Topping-
I by cheek ' II PI".. I I Phone Order Date D PIN .. don.. I ...... I 

my prize m~ to II Deep Dish, Original or Thin Crust. I I , ' ENTER NOW THROUGH MARCH 31, 1996. I ....... 4I2-UCSD 
I fOLJASE PRuan FORIIlO ~R UPON oeuvm OR WHEN YOU PIC~ UP YOUR ~DER. II TIX no! Incl. EIIp, "3Of1HI I 
I· . No purchase nec .... W· WInne .. a .. arded on April 5, 1910. Campi ... coni .. , ,ul .. "'Iilable I1.M ' II Not •• Iid willi .ny OIller 011., I ~"ICIPIling Domino'l 11_. TIlt. oII.r .l1l<;I e1 participating DomIno'1 IocI1Ion1 0I)1y. Llmilid deli •• ry ..... ohIIrIty:::a.: coupon - orde,Ing.J. 

' j. . ( . 

~~-----------~--~----------~---- ---------
,", I • . • .' : ' 



6 OPINION The UCSD Guardian 'f1!ursday, March 14. 1996 

"STEVE FORBES 
Steve Forbes, the publishing magnate 

extraordianaire, calls himself a politi-
al outsider who will "change" things. 

While he has not specified to any great 
extent the changes he would make, he is an 
outsider compared to the likes of Bob Dole. 

Currently, Forbes is president and CEO of 
his own corporation, Forbes, Inc., edilOr-in-chief 
of Forbes magazine and the chairman of Forbes 
Newspapers. 

His most radical and most publicized idea 
i~ to abolJsh the current progressive tax system 
in favor of a l7-percent flat income tax, with 
the first S36,OOO of income tax free. His flat-tax 
system would eliminate taxes on capital gains 
and allow no deductions. 

Unlike Buchanan, Forbes enthusiastically 
supportS the North Atlantic Free Trade Agree-
ment and the General Agreement on Tariffs and 
Trade, and he wants the United States to par-
tidpate in even more international trade projects. 

Taking an ambiguous stance on .abortion, 
Forbes says he does not support it but would 
not woiic toward a constitutional amendment to 
ban the practice. Forbes feels abortion is justi-
fied in cases of rape, incest or when the mother's 
life is endangered. 

He would attempt to fix gaps in Medicare 
by implementing Medical Savings Accounts, 
a program which Forbes introduced at his 
magazine. This program encourages people 
to set up special bank accounts to cover medi-
cal bills and provides emergency coverage 
over a certain amount of money. In addition, 
the program also allows people 10 choose their 
own doctors. 

In 19<.i3, Forbes was elected chairman of the 
Board of Directors of Empower America. a p0-
litical-reform organization founded by Jack 
Kemp. William Bennet and Jeanne Kirkpatrick. 
In 1985. President Ronald Reagan appointed 

Fornes chairman of the board of International 
Broadcasting, which oversees Radio Free 
Europe and Radio Libeny. He oversaw the 
agency until 1993. 

During his years at Princeton University, 
Forbes was the founding editor of Business 
Today, which became the country's most 
widely circulaled magazine published by stu-
dents, for students. Business Today is still 
published by Princeton undergraduates. 

Forbes is also the only writer to have won 
the Crystal Owl Award four times, a prize 
given by the USX Corporation to the finan-
cial joumalist whose economic forecasts for 
the coming year have proved to be the most 
accurate. He has also received honorary de-
grees from seven universities. 

Forbes was born July 18, 1947 in 
Morristown. New Jersey, and received a 
bachelor's degree in history from Princeton 
University in 1970. 

SP~ING T~AINING. 
Now is the time to gear up for spring training. 

ALEXANDER, 
LUGAR AND 
KEYES 

Last week, after Senate Majority Leader Bob 
Dole swept eighl states in the Republican pri-
mary, lagging nominees Lamar Alexander (be-
low, left) and Richard Lugar (below. righl) 
dropped out of the race. throwing their support 
behind Dole. 

Alan Keyes (above, right), neverconsidcml 
a serious threat for the nomination, remains in 
the race, although his recent arrest at an Atlanta 
news station may leave his future political aspi-
rations in jeopardy. 

Alexander, the former govemor of Tennes-
see, had been highly critical of Dole during his 
campaign -citing Dole's age as a major draw-
back and his campaign as "empty" - yet he 
quickJy conceded ~t Dole has proved 10 be a 
strong candidate to Republican voters in his fare-
well speech last Wednesday. 

'1'he voters have looked at me and they've 
looked at him," Alexander said. 'They've con-
cluded that his experience and his maturity is 
what they would prefer." 

Most of Alexander's sup-
porters are likely to follow 

. . Dole, whose political 
/~. philosophy is similar to . 
~ A1e".d.,',. Bcoh r."" 

. handing control of 
. ... • federal programs 

' . . I~ , such as welfare and 
Medicaid to the slates. 
Though Lugar, the se-

nior senator from Indiana, 
had to pull his name off the 

baJloc because of a lack of sup-
port, many characterized his 

campaign as the most 
decent in a year of ram-

pant infighting. Lugar refused to attack his op-
ponents, focusing instead on his own agenda 
He also urged his supporters to back Dole. 

Those Republican voters who supported 
Lugar's sociaJ and fiscal conservatism will have 
little luck finding a candidate who endorses both 
these views. Although Dole is in line with 
Lugar's economic policies, and has become in-
creasingly conservative socially, his policies on 
some issues remain liberal. And though 
Buchanan may be socially conservative, he does 
not embrace Lugar's economic views. 

With Dole continuing his dominance in the 
primaries and in the race to gain endorsements 
from former opponents, the remaining GOP 
contenders admit Dole has a tight grip on the 
nomination. 

Neither Buchanan nor 
Forbes has left the race, 
and many fear such 
persistance will 
weaken the GOP's 
chance in the presi-
dential contest. As 
one political consult-
ant told the Associ-
ated Press, "Republi-
cans wanllO kiss, make 
up and get this nomina-
tion sealed so they can 
concentrate on 
Bill Clinton." 

Super low roundtrip fares on Amtrak California's 
Capitols, San Joaquins and San Diegans make it 
extremely attractive. Better still, use your Student 
Advantage Card (annual enrollment $20) and receive 
an additional 15% discount. That means more money 
to spend once you get there! 

The LSAT is used to test "performance under pressure- (i.e., in court!). 
The LSAT is tmI mort importImt thIm yowr GPA It many law schools! 

The trains of California and connecting shuttle 
buses can take you just about anywhere in the state 
without the hassle and hidden costs of driving. 

There's no easier or more economical way to get 
there and back than on the train. In fact, you can start 
your spring break 00 the train! On board you can 
relax, listen to music, have a snack, or just watch 
the scenery roll by. Amtrak California trains are 
comfortable and roomy with space to stow your stuff. 

Just look at some of Amtrak California's incredibly 
low fares. It's "time you started your spring training. 
Contact your college travel service or call Amtrak 
at l-BOO-USA-RAIL. 

~ With SA Card Savings 
Anaheim •••••.•• $27 •.. $23 . " . $4 
Los Angeles . " " .• " $32 . " • $27 ..• $5 
Yusemite . " • " ..•. $91 .. " $77 " " " $14 
·..acramento .... " " . $86 ..• $73 ..• $ 13 
~ Francisco" . " " " $86 . " " $73 " " " $13 

4: Atntrak California 
~ A PlrtnffI/IIp ~ CMrflflS 1/111 Am/rile 

A CPA of 2.8 - 4.0, plu top LSAT 1COre., is I passport to top schools. 
How would you ICOre tocby? Have you meuured youraeIf against thia tell? 

Com. to 0nI of Oar LlAT. Test DrlvlS. 
OPTION t: WED., MAR 27TH, 5-9PM, OR < 
OPTION 2: WED., APR. t OTH, 5-9PM. 
L • .J. VILLAGE PROF'. eTR., .1131 (8I1:HIND IEL TOIlITO) 

II» It's PREE. and takes only" hoan. 
I No Mlee pikh4W1t score and take an official LSAT with us. 
,/ After, you'U know JUR how much prep you need to do for your schools. 
.. c.t1619 fS5-1QQQ to reserve I spot. See you there! 

A 
PROmSIOIAL 

LSAT> 
PBEPCOUBSr 

V 
rP.& Our intensive. affordable prep COYDC for the June 10th LSAT begins April 17th. 

1iflI7 Family Planning AssocI~es Medical Group 
ABORTION TO 24 WEEKS 

(General or Local Anesthesia) 
Pregnancy Testing . 

Early Pregnancy Test 
(Immediate Te.t Results) 

Birth Control 

Outpatient Female Sterilization 

,(hu'lday. March 14, 1996 The UCSD Guardian OPINION 7 

WE NEED BLACK HISTORY MONTH FOR· PEOPLE LIKE SHADAB 
Editor: 

Farsam Shadab describes his de-
sire for "concrete historical truth. "the 
"real it y of history," and the belief that 
BIOIl:k History Month threatens these 
truths (''Black History Month Distorts 
Black History," Feb. 29, 1996). But 
any UCSD history professor can ex-
plain that there is 110 such thing as "his-
toricaltruth." Rather. it is simply one 
group's recollection of how something 
happened. 

Shadab argues against Black His-
tory Month by saying that history 
should not be viewed from "some 
single culture 's view of the past." 
However, America's historical per-
spective is predominantly Western 
European, so we need Black History 
Month to challenge the single-culture 
views of the past. 

Shadab also slates that we should 
not have Black History Month be-
cause "we come from our mothers, not 
a heritage," and that people cannot 
take pride in something (blackness) 
"which they did not earn." But we 
come from our mothers and our heri-
tage. For instance. I come from my 
great-grandparents' struggle to vote. 

Funhermore. we are all proud of 
things which we did not earn. You can 

« • ALPHA CHI OMEGA' 
o !~ 
u 

~ Good 
: Luck on 
~ Finals 

~ UCSD 
« 
:r:: 

~ 
..J 
« 

« 
o 
tl.l ~ The sisters of 

> 
r 
'"0 
::c 
> 
n 
:r:: 

0 
~ 
tTl 
0 
> 

> 
r 
"C 
::c 
> 
n 
::c 

0 
3:: 
tTl 
0 
>. 

> 
r 
"C 
:I: 
> 

§ Alpha Chi ~ 
~ Omega ~ 
« • ALPHA CHI OMEGA' > 

PLEASE'BUY 
TH IS AD SPACE. 
WE'RE RUNNING 
OUT OF FI LLER 

IDEAS. 

..... flrstcave 
........ 
...., ..... 
....... IIL 

be proud of your athletic ability, tal-
ent with numbers, or your children. 
None of this is tamed, but we feel 
proud of it all nonetheless. For Shadab 
to ask that blacks not be proud of what 
they earned denies that blacks were 
punished (or that which they did not 
cam - their blackness. 

Shadab's most offensive statement 
is "110 one can argue that some outback 
tribe equalled the Greco-Roman civi-
lization. The tribe did not pass on any-
thing from which we could learn." 
Hence, there is no reason to celebrate 
Black History Month. BUl not only did 
the kingdoms of Mali and Songhay 
thrive with public school systems, as-
tronomy and medicine, but they did 
50 while ''Greco-Romans'' lived in Eu. 

Oh 

Readers ' Forum 
The Guardian 

9500 GllmlJfl Dr. 0316 , 
ta Joll •• CA 92093-C316 

ropean darkness. 
Shadab's displays of ignorance 

proves we need Black History Month. 

Hopefully, with muhiculrural celebra-
tions, w!! will· eventually have the "01>-

J jecti ve eye of an honest historical ap-
proach" that Shadab so desires. 

Jaime HoIIaad 

More Food far 'ftIoIIgId 
Editor: 

I was disappointed to read the stri-
dent attacks made by City Homeless 
Coordinator Tom Leslie about me in 
your last issue ("UCSD Catering Ser-
vices Severs Ties With CharilY 
Group," Mar.II,I996). I'msureeven 
Mr. Leslie recognizes that these self-
serving assaults do little 10 maintain 
the integrity of an office that has lost 
all credibility with homeless provid-

ers in the county. I have twice offered 
Food For Thought's resoun:es to the 
city at no cost, on the condition they 
make more shelter space available 10 
the homeless. I even offered to coor-
dinate the shelters for the city for free. 

Mr. Leslie misrepresented Food 
For Thought in the article. We not only 
assist the homeless in a peaceful man-
ner, bul we also provide information 
about recovery programs, communi-
cable diseases and jobs. And if your 
newspaper continues to offer the 
sort of tripe found in your last issue 
even fewer will take the Guardian 
seriously. The homeless are the vic-
lims of your shortcomings. 

James Stepbeos 
Food For'ThoUcbt 

sure, it looks innocent. But it could be 
UJired to a no-name company that has no qualms about 

overcharging broke college students. 

~o. calling card in hand, you dial 1 800 CALL ATT 
and save yourself some much-needed cash. 

Dial 1 son ( \11 \! 1 1111' \1.\:1 Callillg Canlt·al". 
\1\\ a~" .~l" \ I.\: I. '\ncr ,~l'1 oH·n·har.~l'(1. 

Know the Code. 1800 CALL ATT. Thats Your 'True Choice:-

• AM 
Your True Choice .1996 .... 



8 NEWS The UCSD Guardian 

· ~ 

Thu~y, March 14, 1996 

THE 

In protest of the repeal of 
affirmative action and the 

California Civil Rights Initiative, 
700 students marched 
Tuesday from the Price 

Center to the intersection of 
La Jolla Village Drive and Villa 

La Jolla Drive. Eighteen students 
were arrested in one of the 

largest acts of civil disobedience 
at UCSD in rec~nt years. 

'J:hursday, March 14, 1996 

ARRESTS: 
Rally and speakers 
precede march 
Continued from page 1 
are trying to pass it in Ihis slate in a 
way that it looks like a mandate; bul at 
the same lime, they are trying to gel it 
on the ballot in six other Slales ... and 
have nine bills walling In Congress." 

"This is a nationwIde assault on 
women's and civil nghts," added 

meal. 
Event organizers sa lu they were 

pleased with the day 's events. 
"The rally was very successful. 

and ~tudents li stened to the discus-
sIon and information that was given 
at the evcnt ," A.S. Pres ident aomi 
Falk said. 

"I'm really eXCIted that so many 
students have mobIlized for this is-
sue ," she added. "Thi~ great level of 
organiling I~ very empowering for 
thIS student population ." 

The 18 students arrested were 
ci ted and relcased by thc San Diego 
Police Department (S DPD) between 
2 a.m. lind 3 a.m. on Wednesday . 

Someofthosetaken inlocustody 
accused police officer of launching 
"abusi ve. raci t and sexist attacks" 
during the arrests. which included 
being subjected to strip s::arches, 
waist and wrist shack ling. shower-
ing while being watched by male 
guards and not being read their 
Miranda rights. 

The San Diego Police Depanment 

could not be reached for comment. 
Various UCSD student coalitions 

- including the African-American 
Student Union, the Asian Pacific is-
lander Sludem Alliance, Chicanos for ' 
Crcati ve Medicine. the College Demo-
crats, Feminist Majori ty, Groundwork 
Books, Kaibigang Pil ipino, 
Moviememo ESlUdiamil Chicano de 
A z t I a n 

The UCSD Guardian 

Benedict said. "We also gOlturnout 
from a large body of student suppon 
that we knew we had out there." 

Li psitz, also commending the level 
ofstudem panicipation, toldthecrowd, 
"( have never been as proud to be at 
this school as I am right now." 

"I think we have a message for 
'Pinnochio' Pete [Wilson1 - he's 

( MEChA ). 
Mujer. No Re-
treat !.the Student 
Affirmative Ac-
tion Commiuee, 
the Women's Re-
source Cenler 
and Voz 
F ronte ri ztJ - or-
ganized the rally 
inallianceagainst 
CCRI. 

Several panel 
speakers auacked 
the UC Board of 
RegenlS' initia-
tives passed last 
July. which di s-

-mantled affirma-
tive-action poli-
cies in the UC 

"I have never been 
as proud to be at 
this school as 1 am 
right now. I think we 
have a me ... ge for 
'Plnnochlo' Pete 
[Wilson] - he's 
showing us that we 
have to be together, 
and we're ready to 
fight back and do 
something about 
this." 

showing us that 
we have to be 
together , and 
we're ready to 
fight hack and 
do so mething 
about thiS ," 
Lipsitz said . 

Among the 
18 students ar-
rested were: 
Falk, Benedict, 
Graduate tu -
dent Associa-
tion President 
Steve Dubh, UC 
Student Asso-
cia tion Chair 
and UC Santa 
Barbara senior 
Kris Kohler. - George Upsltz 

UCSD Professor of Ethnic Studies Gabriela 
system. 

Organizers of the three-hour-
long rally and march were pleased 
with the onsillught of media cover-
age which the event recei ved. 

'" think that the media coverage 
was good, and people listened and 
became informed," Student Affirma-
tive Action Commiuce Chair Ingrid 

Juarez, Felicia 
Duenas,JoseArcinegaandJayCheva-
lier, members of the UCSDcivil-rights 
coalition No Retteat!: two UC River-

~i de students: Asian Pacific Islander 
Association member Melany De La 
CniZ and MEChA members BenOni 
Pantoja and Roclo O'Campo were 
also taken into cu tody. 

Good luck on finals from your friends at the Guardlan. ... 

II 
1. 

B ECAUSE YOU 
THE LIBRARY LO UNGE AT THE ' RICE ( ENTER IS om 24 HOUIS 

ABSOLUTELY, 
F;DM 8 AM SUNDAY TD I lpM fRIDAY. 

POSITIVELY, 
USE OF THE 24 HOUR L IBURY LOUNGE IS tlMITE. 

HAVE TO STUDY 

TD USE " 1f6/STfIfD U(SD SrUOEIHS Om. PLf~5E IE flfmED TO SHOW 1.0. 

OVERNIGHT. 

CONNERLY: 
Response to regent 
are varied 
Continued from page 1 
of today's regent meeting seeking 
to expand SP-I - the measure to 
end affi rmative action in UC ad-
missions - to include outreach 
and financial -assistance programs. 

Connerly also said that while 
he and his fellow regents agree 
that SP-I should not be broadened 
to apply to these programs, he 
feel ' disadvan taged Asian and 
white students deserve cqual con-
Sideration. 

In past years, Connerly has been 
an avid proponent of removing rJce, 
gender and ethnicity as criteria for 
UC admissions, financial aid and 
outreach progrJm ' . UC outreach 
programs currently target schools 
With high minority populations, in 
hopes of raising UC-eligibility rates 
among minority groups. 

'nle UC Office of the President 
(UCOP) considers race, gender and 
ethnici ty aseligibility factors in ut-
reach programs and financial aid. 

"We are currently ro llowing 
those policies that were in place 
before any change in Connerly ' s 
position took place. " U OP 
spokesman Terry Light foot said . 

Connerly 's pledge to halt hiS 
effort s to reform outreach and fi -
nancial-assistance policies drew 
vaned responses from UC udmin-
istrators. 

"I am pleased and relieved to 
learn thut Regent Connerly has 
decided not to pursue efforts to 
eliminate race-allenti ve outreach 
and development programs ," 

NEWS 9 

UCSD Int er im Ch an ce llor 
Marjorie Caserio said. 

"Outreac h is pe rh aps the 
university'S most direct means ror 
ensuring a diverse pool of sludents 
and for counteracting the negative 
effects of SP-I ," she added. 

UCSD Vice Chancellor of Stu-
dent Affairs 10 eph Watson said 
that while he is pleased the mailer 
is not being put before the re-
gents, he remains guardedly opti -

ml~tlc , feeling that Connerly 
"could change his mind at any 
time and place the issue on the 
[regents'] agenda ." 

"Our main goal is to achIeve 
equity for all groups, not exclu-
sively for people of color," Watson 
said. "It just happens tobe that the 
groups who have low eligibility 
to enter the C system at thi s lime 
are racial mInori ties." 

Among UC SD st udent s. 
Revelle freshman Patrick Russe ll 
supported Connerly 's stance. 

" I was never for or against affir-
mative action. but I was glad that it 
did help students who deserved it 
get into college." Russell said. "I 
am happy to see that [Connerly] is 
trying to make theexisting affinna-
tive-action techniques equal and 
justified ror all races." 

Other UC-system official s said 
they have not yet determined what 
kind of impact Connedy's POSI-
tion will have on present finan -
cial-aid and outreal.:h programs. 

"We really don ' t know what 's 
going to happen," UCOP Finan-
cia l Aid Analyst Chnstina hang 
said. "As far as the current out-
reach and financial practices are 
concerned, what we arc doing is 
legal." 

Pure Juice 
Markla 



10 

.1 

The UCSD Guardian 

paid for 

o 
at the 

UCSD Bookstore 
Marc.h 1 8-22 • 9am-4pm 

March 23 • 10am-4pm 
and at the 

Revelle Sundry Store 
March 20-22 • 10am-3pm 

Textbook Dept. 
534-4557 

'.ll.El:rJ 
Internet Address 

http://www-bookstore. ucsd. edu 

UCSD GUARDIAN ARTI a ENTERTAINMINT MAR C H 14 , 1996 

AFGHAN WHIGS' 
BLACK LOVE 
see page H15 

Stre~t 
1t1~ 
Th ••• film . w ill be 
In th •• t ers tomorr ow. 

• Kurt Russell and Steven Seagal 
star in the action fi 1m Exemtive 
Decision, which opens at theaters 
throughout San Diego. 

• Antonio Banderas, Melanie 
Griffith and Daryl Hannah star in 
Two Much , which opens at-thc-
al.ers.throughout San Diego. 

• Susan Ofteringer's documen-
tary, Nico Icon, opens for a one-
week run at the Ken Cinema. 

• As a replacement for Flirting 
With Disaster, the San Diego Film 
Fest i val wi II screen Franco 
Zcffirell i's Jane Eyre tonight at 8 
p.m. at Mandeville Audilorium. 
Info: 534-4090. 

Th... .lbulIIs will be In 
record store. on Tuesday. 

• Los Lobos wi ll re lease ColoJ-
sal Head. 

• American Music Club singer 
Mark Eitzel will re lease a solo 
album, 60 Wall Silver Lining. 

• Local singer Ci nd y Lee 
Berryhill will release Straight 
Ollila Marysville. 

• Love & Rockets will release 
Sweet FA 

• Spike Lee's film CLockers is 
due in stores on Tuesday. 

• Babe, the movieaboUla talking 
pig, is due in ~tores on Tuesday. 

• Ticket~ are on sale noll' for 
singer-guitari" John Hi att, who 
will per/orm m the lidl} Up Tav-
ern In Solana B.:ach Oil \Iar 27. 
Tickets arc '20. Info: 481-ll 140. 

• Tickets are on sale now for 
pcrfonn"llce~ by J,lc"le R\lb~rt\ 
and Christl naJon~~ -Stcwan (Fri. -
Sun .), Stephanie Heyl and Aimee 
Greenberg (March 22-24) anJ 
Graciela Overjo (March 2\1-31), 
who will perronn a,\ part of Ihe 
Sushi Gallery 's "Publi c Women. 
PrivateConcems," its IiP,t-,UlllU,11 
women's fe~lival al Isaacs. 
McCaleb, and Dancers Studio in 
Hillcrest. Tickets arc 13 lor stu-
dents. Info: 235-1l461i. 

• Tickets go on sale on March 21 
fortheSplOanes, who WI II play at the 
Casbah on April 17. Info: 2324355. 

-

ESOTA 
Her aim i. 
true: Pollee 
Chief Marge 
Gunderson 
(Frances 
McDormand) 
enforces the 
law in the Coen 
Brothers' Fargo 
(above). Carl 
(Steve 
Buscemi) tries 
to seduce a 
reluctant date 
(Micheile 
Hutchinson) 
(below). 

Coan Brothers' go the 
Midwest to create Fargo, 
their blackest comedy yet 

OEL AND ETHAN 
Coen's new film , 
Fargo, is a reality-
based crime drama 
set in Minn esota 
during the winter of 
1987. It is easily rec-

ognilable as a Coen Brothers film, as it 
contains their trademark ironic situations 
and <;tylistic cinematography. In fact, Fargo 
combines the farcical dmracters ancl comi-
cal ve rnacularofthcir 19H4 movie, Rcmillg 

Ari~olla, with thc co ld brutality of their first 
film , BLood Simple - resuhtng in their 
blackest comedy to datc. 

As the movie begins, Jerry Lundegawu 
(William H. Macy), a car salesman with 
money problems, tries to find a way out of 
his predicament. He ha~ enough ambuion 
In become a big-time dealer but lacks the 
intelligence and savvy to succeed. In a 
desperate effort to pay ba2k his loans, he 
hires two thugs (Steve Buscemi and Peter 
tomarc) to kidnap his wife, Jean (Kri tin 

Rudrud), in order to collect ransom from 
her wealthy father (Harve Presnell). 
. After kidnapping Jean, the two thugs 

get stopped by a highway patrol officer all 
their way through a small town called 
Brainerd. The encounter turns nasty, and 
they end up ~ illing the cop and two inno-
cent bystanders, marking the town 's first-
ever homicides. This brings local Police 
Chief Marge Gunderson (Frances 
McDonnand) onto the case. While Marge 
is several months pregnant, she won 'tlet a 
little morning sickness deter her from track-
ing down the two crimi nab. 

While it's hard not to feel sorry for Jerry 
as his plan collapses, it is also impossible to 
want Marge to fail in her quest. The char-
acters are indicative of those fou nd in all of 
the Cocn brothers' movies - simple fa-
cades hide their true natures. Similar to 
Nicholas Cage's in Raisillg AriZOlla. John 
Goodman in Bartoli Fink and Tim Robbins 
in The Hudsucker Prox,', the character~ in 
Fargo take on the roles of the "simple 
American." And therein lies most of the 
film 's irony. 

Throughout the picture, theCoen Broth-
ers take loving pot shots at their nalive 
Minnesota: The vernacular, the accent, the 
pancakes, the Swedish smorglL';borg, the 
wide open spaces and the bllter cold all 
receive ample scrcen time. To the CocO'" 
nothing is acred. Everyth ing i~ victim to 
their biting sense of humor. 

The Cocns may seem harsh for creating 
such shallow character~ and poking end-
less fun at the Midwest, but in reulity these 
characters reveal the parado~es of hum.lll 
nature in general. 

Fargo is showing at the AMC MISSion 
Valley 20 and the AMC La 10lla 12. 

By Corey •. Niles, StaH Writer 



HIATUS 12 The UCSD Guardian 

Courtesy of Samuel Goldwyn 
Pretty picnic: (From left) Matty (Kristin Scott Thomas), Eugenia (Patsy Kensit), William 
(Mark Rylance) and Reverend Harald Alabaster (Jeremy Kemp) enjoy the outdoors in 
Angels & Insects. 

England's Underbelly 
Angels & Insects exposes Victorian repression ' 

By Rebecca Hall 
, Staff Wmer 

When it comes 10 comparing in-
sects to humans, there' s a 
tine line between success-
ful and trite metaphors.An-
gel.l·ana IlISeels. a new film 
adapted from A.S. Byatt's 
novella, Morpho Eugenia, 
attempt~ \0 draw I:ompari-
sons between the sexual and 
SOCietal s lmilantle~ of in-
sects and humans. 

Set in 19th-century Victorian En-
gland, a time infamous for it~ strict 
social code and behind-closed-doors 
camal decadenl:e, the film stars Mark 
R ' Ianl:c, one of England 's leading 
Shakespearean actors. Rylance isen-
dearing as the wise and gentle Will-
Iam Adamson, a naturalist who has 

just returned from COnducting re-
search in the Amazon. 

Adamson is hired by the wealthy 
Alabaster estale to help 

:. catalogue the msect col-
lection of Reverend Ala-
baster(Jeremy Kemp). He 
soon becomes engaged to 
the Reverend's daughter, 
Eu genia (Patsy Kensit), a 
woman who is both prud-
ish and en ua!. On the 
estate, the two sen Ie into 

life with the rest of the Alabaster 
ramily, consisting of one boorish 
brother (Douglas Henshall), an older 
~ I stcr, her husband and two younger 
isters. Completing the list is a poorer 

relation of the Alabasters, Many 
(Kri , tin Scott Thomas), a woman of 
discrete intelligence who helps and 

later plays a pivotal role in Adamson 's 
studies. 

The Ii I m is captivating because of 
its intriguing story and visual charm 
highlighted by gorgeous cinematog-
raphy and pushing-the-envelope love 
scenes. Interestingly, the movie sug-
gests connections between the Ala-
baster clan and the butterfly and ant 
colonies Adamson studies. In a time 
when Darwin first published his 
theory of evolution, the film anempts 
to outline its impact on the religious 
philosophy of the time, as well as 
explore ideas of sexual selection and 
eugenics. 

The climactic plot twist is dark 
and wicked, with a secret as crucial 
as the one in The Crying Game. 

Angels & Inserts is playing at the 
Hillcrest Cinemas. 

Thursday, March 14,1996 

IM!X' 
Goes 3D 

New theater opens this 
weekend in Orange County 

By Dan Okada 
Staff Writer 

On March IS, the Edwards 
IMAX 3D Theatre at the 
Irvine Spectrum in Or-
ange County will open 
its doors to the general 
public, allowing patrons 
to experience the first 
IMAX PSE (Personal 
Sound Environment) sys-
tem in the Western 
United States. 

Capitalizing on speakers within 
the theater and special headsets 
worn by audience members, the 
theater creates two separate sound 
tracks . The sounds emanating from 
the headsets are so realistic that the 
audience is oflen duped into believ-
ing it is right in the middle of the 
action. 

Even the pre- film preview, 
which incorporales the full sound 
and visual technologies, is enough 
to convince any skeptics ofIMAX' s 
realism. 

And while the visual effects are 
nothing new, they arc enhanced 
quite nicely by the size of IMAX's 
gargantuan screen. Although only 
ponions of the fi Ims take advan-
tage of the 3D effect, the size and 
contours of the screen still add depth 
to the 2D picture. 

Into Tire Deep, the current film 
showcased at the Spectrum, repre-
sents another first forIMAX, as it is 

STEVE 

the first venture into the underwa-
ter realm. 

Director Howard Hall, who is 
known for hi s marine-life 
specials on public televi-
sion, filmed this 35-
minute sea adventure in 
the waters off the South-
ern California coast. 

The film is an all-too-
brief journey Into the 
ocean depths. It allows 
viewers to essentially 

swim with the vividly colored 
Garibaldi in the midst of their mat-
ing rituals and visit with the per-
plexing sea lions. Viewers also 
travel through kelp forests which 
provide shelter for a world of life 
unseen by surface-dwellers and 
swim with a school of Spanish 
mackerel. 

Although the PSE is not em-
ployed exclusively throughout the 
fi 1m - many of the sounds are 
dubbed over due to the amount of 
underwater noise present during 
filming - and the 3D effect is not 
fully reali zed due to odd camera 
angles, the overa ll experience is 
probably as close to the real thing 
as anyone could hope to experience 
without wearing scuba gear. 

The Edwards IMAX 3D The-
atre, located in the irvine Spectrum 
where the 1-5 and 405 freeways 
meet, will premiere Into the Deep 
tomorrow . 

Thursday, March 14, 1996 

Lucy's Loves 
Quirky characters keep 

If Lucy Fell entertaining 
By Dan Okada 
Staff Writer 

Reaching the age of 30 is a 
milestone few eagerly 

meets Bwick Elias (Ben Stiller), a 
successful and eccentric perfor-
mance artist/painter, who is decked 

out in dreads and a bright 
anticipate. In If Lucy 
Fell, Lucy Ackerman 
(Sarah Jessica Parker) is 
one month away from 
her 30th birthday and 
consigned to a "death 
pact" with her best 
friend and roommate, 
Joe MacGonaughgi II 
(Eric Shaeffer). 

• • 
Louis XVI jacket. Al-
though Bwick and Lucy 
have seemingly nothing 
in common, Lucy takes a 
liking to him, believing 
that he might actually be 
"the one." Though Lucy 
and Joe appear obsessed 
with their pact - a giant 

-- . ... . 

. ' . ~- . 
. -- . ~ ...... : 

~- ~ . , .~ . 
........ . 

The pact stipulates they will 
jump off the Brooklyn Bridge ifshe 
does not commit to a romantic rela-
tionship before her next binhday. 
Although the w urse of events in If 
Lucy Fell is predictable, the quirks 
and twists on the premise make the 
fi lm stand out on its own. 

Though he is serious about hon-
oring the death pact, Joe quickly 
abandons his promise after he finds 
the courage to meet Jane Lindquist 
(Elle MacPherson), his beautiful 
neighbor. With the help of Lucy, 
Joe sets up an open house to display 
his paintings, hoping to use this as 
a means of meeting Jane. 

Amazingly enough, the two 
meet; and despite Joe's bumbling 
antics, they actually manage to hit 
it off. During the open house, Lucy 

one or 

wall calendar provides a countdown 
to "Death Pact Day" - they con-
tinuetosearch forthe perfcctmalch, 
even afler they meet their respec-
ti ve mates. 

Joe and Lucy' s close relation-
ship is anything but romantic, and it 
defies description . Parker and 
Schaeffer playoff each other in a 
charming, yet convincing manner, 
making their characters very lik-
able in spiteoflheirproblems. Stiller 
provides the most entertaining per-
fonnance of the film, with his out-
rageous on-stage antics matched 
only by hi s paintings and oUlfits. 
With his vast experience in sketch 
and parodic comedy, Stiller had no 
trouble throwing himself into the 
role. 

If Lucy Fell is showing at the-
alers throughout San Diego. 

HOlseman 
on the Roof 

@f 

the 
Vtsttors 

The UCSD Guardian 

Luck of 
the Irish 

The Young 
Dubliners 

thrive on live 
performances 

By Jeff Nle.el 
Hiatus Editor 

Allhough the Young Dubliners' 
last album, Brealile, re-
ceived limited radio air-
play , the seven-piece 
band has built up a loyal 
following based on its live 
shows. The group has 
sold out 15 straight shows 
at the House of Blues in 
Los Angeles, dating back 
to the venue' s opening in 
1993, and wi II play tomorrow at 4th 
& B. During a recent phone inter-
view, Dublin-bom vocalist Keith 
Roberts spoke from his home in 
Los Angeles about the band's mix-
ture of rock and traditional Irish 
music. 
GUM'diIIn: W ... t is SO appea1-
Ing ~ your live sho.s? 

Robert s: That's a fucking good 
question. We've been lucky. Cali-
fomia has been great to us. The 
stuff we play as a live band seems to 

•• 

Counesy of Carl Sludna 
Taldn. the rocky ...... : The Young Dubliners, who play at 4th & B 
tomorrow, combine American and Irish rock on their album Breathe. 
have a wide appeal. Word of mouth 
alone has created a huge buzz about 
the band. The record gOl airplay on 

adult altemative radio, but 
we didn't cross over into 
a lternative airplay . 
Every time we do a show, 
we try to make sure people 
leave thinking they ' ve 
had a unique experience 
- not that they saw seven 
guys rocking out. We let 
pcopleknow we are genu-

ine about what we are doing. 
Is your audience mostly 
Irish? 

When we started out, we had 
only Iri sh fans, then the Irish tell 
their American friends, and slowly 
but surely , we have an audience 
thal is 80- to 9O-percent Ameri-
cans. The Irish get a kick out of the 
oldjokesandballads wedo. ltmakes 
Irish people feel like they went home 
for the night. 

We just want to be a unique 

mixture of Irish and American mu-
sic. One critic wrote that we sound 
like "the Pogues meet Pearl Jam." 
There's a hard edge to the band that 
comes from the blending of even 
instruments. 
The 5OIIg. on Breathe sound 
darker than the ones on your 
1994 debut EP, Rocky ROIId. 
What accounts for the dif-
ference? 

The EP was six songs from the 
36 we played for three years. I still 
like it, but il was when we went on 
the road, people haddifferentexpe-
riences. Musically, the album is the 
same, but we drew on perspnal ex-
perience for the lyrics. ' 

The real message, though, is that 
nothing is so bad that you can't get 
out of it. I lost a bar and our guitarist 
lost a business after we were on the 
road, but we survived it and are 
better now. The message is not that 
life sucks but that it can suck on 
occasion. 

~t!J 7uL 
----WITH----

THIS SATURDAY, MAR. 16, 9:30 P.M. 

II. 
- -this 
Spring 

Courses begin April 1 
......................................... , 

. 

.-

UNIVERSITY 
OF CALIFORNIA 

SAN DIEGO 

with THE ROOTS 
GOOOIEMOa 

Saturday, Mar. 30 

PONCHO SANCHEZ 
"EI Conguero Supremo" 
with THE a-SIDE PLAYERS 
Thuraday. April 4 

[muat be 21] 

THIRD WORLD 
Monday, April 1 

HOWARD JONES 
Wedneaday, April 24 

GREYBOY ALLSTARS 
with PHILOSOPHER KINGS 

Saturday, April 6 

In nearby 
SOLANA 
BEACH 

14 ... So. Cedros Ave 

481-8140 

... 

-



I 

HlA11.JS 14 The UCSD Guardian Thursday, March 14, 1996 

·· ·nrecord 
-Re~eWS ____________________ ~ ______ __ 

The Fugaes 
The Score 

RuftllOlllllColumbl1 

The New York-based hip-hop trio 
known as the Fugees, comprised of 
Wycldf. PrakazJeI and female MC 
and vocalist L-Boogie. re-
cei ved negllive criticism 
for their first album, 
BIUII1ed on Reality. 

This time around. the 
Fugees refute the talk of 
their opposition with their 
second album, The Score. 

Wycleff and Prakazrel 
have polished lheirrespcc-
tive skills of rhyme and rhythm. And 
throughout The Score, Wycleffs 
much-improved rhymes are show-
ca<lCd in several songs, namely "Mani-
fest" and the outstandi ng "How Many 
M ics." He also covers Bob Marley's 
reggae classic, "No Woman, NoCry," 
and addsahint ofnavorby changing 
some of the words to include life in 
the boroughs of New York. The al-
bum also features tracks which are 
more rough around the edges. The 
snares, bass lines and sampling make 
the album stand oul. 

A notable feature on The Score is 
the visibility and singularity of each 
poop member. Being careful not to 

let her male counlerpll1s 
outshine her, L-Boogie's 
clever flow and incredible 
vocals in songs such as "Po-
Gee-La" outdo her previ-
ous efforts. 

Like Wycleff, L-
Boogie also goes for broke 
on a remake, this time of 
Roberta Flack's ballad, 

"Killing Me Softly." Despite its .. 
parent crossover feel, the cover has 
the sparse drum bell and reggae chat-
ting which willhaveeven thehardcon: 
hip-hop listeners nodding theirheads. 

Hip-hop artists are always judged 
on whether they have the sIci lis ,10 flex 
with the best of them and with TIlL 
Score, the Fugees prove worthy of 
the challenge, 

The Fugees will perform with the 
ROOIS and Goodi Mob on April I at 
theBell~UpTaverninSolanaBeach. 

-Benjla..c 

Chi Omega Congratulates 
Winter 1996 Graduates 

COPE 
TAMI ORIAT1i 

SARA RUFFALO 
BECKY' END MAN 

LSAT AND LAw SCHOOL 
INFORMATION SEMINAR 
7bomas jefferson School of Law will be conducting a 
free LSAT and Law Schoo/Information Seminar for 
Prospective Law Students, 

Thursday, Aprlll~ 1996 
6:00-8:30 p.",., 

Halllllery Hotel • 950 Hotel Circle, N. 
Sa" DIego, CA 92108 

Your questtons wm be answered regarding: 
• ?'be Law School Admission test (LSA7) 
• Scholarships 
• Law School Requirements-

when /:, how to apply 
To ,...utw, pM_. cIIIl (619)2'7-'700.n 1200 
.wi ""for ... "",.. .... COIIUftor. 

; " 

',.: Thomas Jefferson School 0/ Law 
2121 s.,. DNBo Awn ... , San ~, CA 92110 

MCNiUalby IN ..,.". ~ ojScbooluNl CollltJe 
"* by ",. 0. __ oj" ex.,,,,.,,. of"" SIll""" of 
c..IfomM. ~fOr A&4 tI/IIIf'OfItIJ pnttM., 

----

The Afghan Whigs 
Black Love 

Greg Dum, lead singer for 
the Afghan Whigs, seems to 
be wllChina 100 many movies 
lalely. Dum. the driving force 
behind the Whigs. writes all 
the songs and plays guitar. He 
also has a cinematic compul-
sion which influences the ma- . 
jority of cuts on Block ~, 
The entire album seems 10 be 
a soundtrack for a movie which 
doesn't exist- incidentally, 
the band has a clause in its contract 
which allows it to make a flIm. 

The album opens with the urban 
slviele of a subway screeching along 
the rails and then kicks inlO ''Crime 
Scene, Part One," which is standard 
Whigs fare, with wailing guitars and 
a rhytllm that seems to be intention-
ally off-tempo. 

Many ofthe songs from this new 
album appear to be rehashes or old 
tunes, spiced up with extensive pr0-
duction. The real strength of the 
Whigs' sixth release is demonsttated 
when Dum lightens up on the pro-

EI ..... RICGI'dI 

duction and drama, allowing the 
band's soulful sound to take over. 

"Blame Etc." is a funley, guitar-
driven track on which lead guitarist 
Rick McCollum and bassist John 
Curley cut loose. "Going to Town" is 
a catchy tune which includes thought-
fullyrics such as "Now we got hell to 
payJDon't worry, baby, that's okay; 
I know the boss." 

Black Love's finale, "Faded," is 
vintage Whigs power - initiated 
from the moment Dulli shouts "Go!" 
and new drummer Paul Buchignani 
kicks in his off-speed pounding. This 

5 U N G LA 5 5 'E 5 

Get a free pair of Bausch & Lomb Is sunglasses Wit~ 
eye exam and purchase of disposable contact lenses, 
We recommend Bausch & Lomb ReNu Multi-purpose 
solution for use with disposables. Call for more details. 
Offer eXJ)irea March 31st, 1996. 

track fades out infO the soft 
tinkle of a-music box, then 
back to the seme subway 
screech whicli opened the al-
bum, providing a nice ser1Se of 
completion. , 

However, the album's 
melodrama (seen ITfosI bla-
tandy in the start, soul-search-
ing "Night By Candlelight") 
comes off leaving.lhe liSlener 
feeling as if he -has missed 

something amid all the effects. 
In fact, the best song on the record 

is one which bucks the production. 
"Step inlO the Ught" is a soft, acous-
tic ballad about lost love, and it al-
lows Dulli to do what he does best-
bare his soul, The result is the most 
elegant moment on the album. 

Black Love is an album which 
would bean accomplishmenl formost 
bands, but for the Afghan Whigs, the 
compliclled melodrama turns out to 
be something of a letdown, Maybe 
the film would've been better, 

- Tony Pwez-Giese 

nconcert 
...ReVIeWS-
Local band 
shows off new 
material at Che 

At ThreeMile /'ilot' s performance 
before a filJed-to-capacity crowd at 
the C~ Cafe on Sunday night, the 
.,... group played five 
",,.. new songs, show-

M"'- ing that there is a • .v bright future for 
81...... this local act, r,,,,, which signed a deal 
major label deal with Geffen Records 
last year. 

The new malerial - approxi-
mately 30 songs - will eventually 
comprise two versions of a new al-
bum, a numberof seven-inch releases 
and most likely a couple of compila-
tion tracks. This will be the band's 
largest unveiling of new recordings 
in 29 months, 

The new material points to what 
could be a brilliant third release ex-
pected in the fall, as the band contin- . 
ues,1O evolve and explore new instnJ-
menIalion with its Jcnack forthe weird-
and-winsome underbelly of rock. 
Three Mile Pilot will keep rolling 
material from its now-full queue in a 
number of upcoming shows. 

The concert II IheCheCafe began 
with a premiere of a different sort: 
Rob Crow '5 (fonnerly of Heavy Veg-
etable) new vehicle, Remote Action 
Sequence Project (RASP) - which 
aIIOl'elluR:da memberofSanDiego' 5 
simit.rfy 'acclaimed bud, Physics. 
RASP promises 10 bring Crow bllck 
iMo the San DieJO nmic loop, fol-
Iowin, the unfOltunlle demise of 
Htavy Vegetable. 

Nexl up was Lesser's dreary ~ 
man clamor-fest, whK:h esIrInaed 
IIIII'IY 1ft anendee IIIIIiI A Minor For-
CIt stepped up ~ deJi\.er ill 1InOr-
phouI, devolved rodl illlOllllioM to 
.... cmceltaoen, .... by thin. 
iIIpIIienI''J fix .. for ....... ..... GO.DON· WONG • DOC'OI ·0' O"OMI'IY 

, " ' 
•• 21 LA JOLLA IOULIVAID • , ••• ) 4 •••• 20. 

, oIlh1ewninl-
_,_opS D 

T-hursday, March 14, 1996 

BRONX': Tritons 
bomb boys from NY 
Continued from p ... 20 
his foe in the fifth-seed match, 
but the damage had already been 
done, as UCSD coasted to the 
victory , 

The win should prepare the 
Tritons for a tough match this 
Friday when they travel to the 
Uni versity of Redlands fora criti-
cal Division III match-up, 

According to UCSD Head 
Coach Brian Turner, Friday' ac-
tion will determine second and 
third place in the Western region. 

"We need to come out Friday 
ready to play and focused ," 
Steidlmayer said. "If you play a 
tearn like Redlands and you are not 
focused , you can get blown out." 

The Tritons' victory over 
Claremont College last Satur-
day boosted them to third place 
in the sta nding s, allowing 
UCSD the opportunity to creep 
up to second place with a win 
against the University of 
Redlands , 

ROAR: UCSD 
falls to Loyola 
Continued from .,... 20 

The Tritons were unable to re-
spond to the surge made by the Li-
ons in the next two games. A yellow 
card received by Black was not 
enough to rally the squad, as the 
Tritons were left with one game to 
play, The fifth game featured rally 
scoring, and the Tritons found them -
selves in another nail -biter of a con-
tesl. 

After falling behind early , the 
Trilons tied the score at II with a 
Dan Thomassen kill off a quick set. 
UCSD appeared to take control of 
the game, after a 010 block by Matt 
Riley and a kill by Black put the 
team up. 14- 13, However, the Tri-
Ions were unable to close the door . 
as Loyola rallied back to stea l the 
game and the match, 16-14, 

"The fifth game was anybody' s 
ballgame," Dannevik said, "We 
didn't execute as well at the end of 
the match as we did early, Loyola 
basically won the match because 
they played a little bit harder," 

Despite the final outcome, the 
Tritons did receive some positive 
results from the mat.ch , Black's 46 
kills established a new school record. 
and his averageof6,9 ki lis per game 
is tops in Division III and ranks him 
fourth in Division I. Middle blocker 
Mount is currently ranked fifth in 
Division HI in hilting percentage. 

The loss kept the Tritons winless 
in the Mountain Paci fie Sports Fed-
eration and dropped their overall 
record to 4- 13, The Trojans of the 
Uni versity of Southern California 
visit UCSD on Saturday, as the Tn-
tons look to Improve on the threl' -
game swecp thcy suffered in their 
prevIous encounter 

Good Luck. 
You Poor 
SouI~ - J=rorn I 
the gports I I Boyz. I 

The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 15 

Mutt .. Nature TunIS Wrath 011 UCSD, Stops Play 
By Robin Kezlrian 
StaffWnter 

The UCSD women 's tennis team 
was well on its way 10 improving its 
record to 7 -3 with a win over Emory 
Uni versity (GA) when stormy 
weather postponed match play ye -
terday afternoon at Northview TCII-

nis Courts, Although Emory is in a what it takes to om pete at the 
different Division UI region, the nationai ·ievel. 
contest against the Eagles was a UCSD's number-one doubles 
must-win for the Nationals-bound team. comprised of Miki 
Triton squad, Kurokdwa and Yumi Takemoto. 

"The importance of this match dominated its Emor counterparts 
is [our] seeding at Nationals ," at the onset of the match , 
UCSD Head Coach Li z Kurokawa and Takemoto 

LaP I ant e leapt ahead, 7-4,intheeight-
said , "The game pro set. 
Nat ion a I The Eagle' tandem , 
Com mit tee however, won three consecu-
can look at tive games, tying the match 
the resu Its at seven, After losing the 
and get a feel initial points of the game, 
for how ..... 1IWi...,._ Takemoto managed to hold 
trong they are and serve. putting the Triton duo one 

how strong we are." game away from victory , 
Having recently Kurokawa burned a backhand 

destroyed two oppo- return down the line, and the 
nents, while being Emory server double-
manhandled by a faulted,allowing UCSD to go 
third in their mosl ahead in the final game, 40-love. 
recent contests, the Once again. the Eagle players 
UCSD women were did not give up easily. They pushed 

hit another wi nner return to clai m 
victory, 9-7, 

In contrast , Michelle 
Malcphansakul and Susan 
Huberman traded games with their 
opponent at the beginning of the 
second-seeded doubles outing. The 
Triton duo had a slim advantage. 
5-4, until aggressive nel play put it 
on top , The pair then broke 
Emory ' s serve twice , while 
Malephansakul served and vol-
leyed superbly, allowing UCSD to 
take the victory, 8-4. 

Meanwhi Ie. Hilary Somers and 
Annie Hoecker had equally im-
pressive performances at the third 
doubles position, defeating their 
Eagle competitors, 8-5 , 

"The doubles matches were 
great," LaPlante said. "This is the 
best all three teams ha ve played at 
once this season," 

Estella villacona/Guaroian in the process of the game to deuce before 

Unfortunately, rain prevented the 
UCSD women from finiShing the 
contest. The Tritons and Eagles wi II 
resume play this afternoon at 3 p.m, Unleashing: Yumi Takemoto sets for a shot. proving they have Kurokawa put away a volley and 

ov~ .. u." '''41' I", 

BeCause 
all-nighters 
arent always 

spentiri 
the library. 

It's everywhere 
you want to be': 

.... 

-

-



I • 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Deadline fOl' Clulifled Ad, 101' lirst 
GUARDIAN Spring Ouarter: Thursday. 
March 28. at 3pm. 
cu.. organizations. & Greeks· Increase 
membership. PRo and awareness in the 
<!uardian announcements. (616) 
Students & Faculty. Remember to renew 
or place Spring '96 campus events by 
March 15 lor the Guardian CaIencW. 
come to our ollice OOId Student Ctr. 

~. 1217. (3111·3114) 
Interested in Alpha Kappa Psi? Corne 
pick up the Alpha Kappa Psi Newsletterat 
ourolfice on 3rd floor Price Center(A.S.). 
(3111·3114) __ 
Bargain Bash/Rumage & Bake Sale· 
Torrey Pines Christian Church, 8320 la 
Jolla Scenic Drive North. LJ. Friday, 
March 15.8:30·3:00. Saturday. March 
16.8:30·Noon. Half Price Saturday. (31 
11·3/14) 
Local producer shows how you can break 
into TV news. Workshop will Include tour 
01 TV station. Call 338·7220. (3/4·3114) 
Make plans to rush Alpha Kappa Psi, the 
only co-ed prolessional business fraternity 
on campus. this spring quarter. Network. 
be successlul, have a luture. (2126·3/14) 
NoonAl·Anon Meeting· Thursdays, 12·1 
pm . . Suite 406, Torrey Pines Center· 
South. For inlormation. call Michelle, 
534·5523. (2/8·311!L 
Does education, pro·choice and the 
environment manerto you? Peter Navarro 
in the Calilornia Democratic Primary, 
March 26. (3114) 

EMPLOYMENT 

0... .,«.,. t·., Ie. 
... e..(,.j. ..... ', & __ Ii..JJ.-J ~ 
Is now I\inng general counselors & 
counselors with expenence in: 
archery. arts & cralts. horseback 
riding. waterskiing , Jet skiing. 
windsurfing , sailing, riflery, lishlng. 
rock climbing, & ropes course. 
lileguards needed. We will be on 
campus soon lor interviews. For 
more Inlormatlon and an application 
please call 1·800-554·2267. 

Looking lor lun & challenging work? 
WOODY'S BAGEL FACTORY is In need 
01 responSible ladles. Please apply in 
person anyllme between 6am and 7pm 
daily, at 1044 Wall St.. Su~e F (on Heischel. 
St.) Downtown La Jolla. Ask lor Sean or 

BOOK Now ' 
, FOR 
, SPRING BREAK 
NEW YORK 149* 
BoSTON 184* 
PARIS 209* 
LONDQN 229* 
FRANIGURT 229* 
AMSTaDAM 296* 
HONG KONG 354* 
SYDNEY 441* 

:::'::;:'-:::~~"':"U:~~'"''':':'''~ 
::'~~.:&."'b~..:r~"=,~,tI('j;:r:.:::ro 

eo. .JoII Coura. fOI M 
IN1BNA1IONAI. Cutra lUNCH 

MAICH 8 BmI&N 11:lOAM - 1:lON 
Travel .::..:...::;.:..:;.~-"'-

YOUR ON·CAMPUS TRAVU ExP£RTS 
IN THE UCSD PRICE CENTER 

(Aooss '110M TI*: IIooo<s TOOl:) 

452-0630 
HoUIs M·F -9-5, W'10'5 ANI) $'10'2 

h:J. .. . . 
[fLJHI\IIPI\\\l \ I " j )11 th. pI; 

CLASSIFIEDS 
Classified Line 

Ad Rates 
.... : $2 per 20 wonIe 

FICUIty • 1ItIff: $:I per 20 wonIe 
A. 0IhIra: S4 per 20 wonIe 

Advance payment Is required. Th. UCSD Guard/en r_rv •• the rlgllt to cllllify, d. cMleIe ofIenahte warda and 
phr ..... andlor r.'uI.any Ind III advertisements without PliOf notification. The AdYertlaer 
will not hold the Guardian liable IOf any claims resulting Irom the publication 01 the 
• dYer1I~1. The puOlISIl.r wHI 8Iso not be held account"'e for any ct.irn from an 
agreement made betwun the adVertt_ and the consumer. 

Classified Display 
Ad Rates 

Copy SIlould be reviewed by the lIdYarti_ for error • . In order to be correctad In the next 
regular issue, aH .rrors mutt be repor1ad by tile corrttpOnding deadline. Credit will only 
be given for the Incorrect portion 01 the lIdYertlMmenl There are no refunds for canoellationl. 
PIeaN MfId all COI'rWpoud .. _ rwpnIing CIInmedI to: 

".75 per column Inch 
DNdIInee: 
~ - DIIpIIr.. UnI .. 

UCSO GuanIIen. AIIn: C'-'fleda, 1600 Olllllen DrIve 1031 •• La .loll .. CA 12013. 
Actual location: Student C ... .., A, Room 217. 

Mike. (no caNs please). 
Do you think your degree is going to help 
you make money? Guess againl Call 
581-6200 lor inlormation on a serious 
income potential. (3114-411..<..) __ _ 
English teacher wanted in Korea· Teach 
lorelernentary or middle school students. 
$1500/mo .• 5 hrsJday. Round trip air 
ticket and accomodation provided. 
Requirement: American lemale with 
BachelorOegree. Send resurne to: Sange 
tap Foreign language Institute, 116·5, 
Shinkok l-dong, Wonmi-gu, Pucheon·si. 
Kyoungkklo, South Korea. Tel: 011·82· 
2·3457-8074(English), 011·82·32-654· 
9476(Korean). Fax: 011·82·32·656· 
2729. (3114-4/4) 
Need extra money to help out with rising 
tuition cosls? Only 5·1 0 hrslwk. required 
with exceHent opportunities to eam very 
good money$$. Great lor motivated 
students whowantthe most lor their time. 
Call 587·1600. (3114) 
Small Restaurant near UCSD, cashier, 
counter help. pit. $5·$6Ihr. Flexible hrs. 
Slart now or alter tinals. Leave message. 
Kevin, 273·8623. (3114) 
CRS·I student programmer needed lor 
on·campus scanning projed lor up to 30 
hours only. MS-DOS and Windows and' 
or UNIX scriptlnglprogrammlng 
knowledge prelerred. $13.66lhour. Job 
Opportunities card .907609. For more 
inlormation, call Kathy at 534·2480. (31 
14) 
International Environmental Company 
looking lor a lew key environmentally 
conscious individuals to help expand 
company and raise awareness. Formore 
Inlo. , call 625-0904. (3/11-411.<,.) __ _ 
Rapidly expanding Marketing Group 
seeking 3·5Iun. high energy. motivated 
people part time to have lun. work. and 
grow with company. For more detaWs, 

caJI 756-<4086. (3111-4/1) 
Cashier Position· Approx. 30 hrsJwk. 
Momings and weekends needed. Griffin 
Ace Hardware· Del Mar/Carmel Valley. 
3880 Valley Centre Dr. 793·1771 (3111· 
414) 
Earn easy money stuffing envelopes in 
your spare time. Real, reliable income· 
no gimmicks. For FREE inlo., send seH· 
adressed slamped envelope to: Venture 
Marketing. P.O.Box 919045-411 , San 
Di ,Ca. 92121. (3111,3114) 
Technical Support Person Wanted: Part 
time position in MedicaVBiornechanics 
Consulting Firm. Duties jnclude 
installation and trouble shooting 01 
WindowslDOS hardware/software in a 5 
computer network. Call Sanely @457· 
9711. (3111·3114) 
Needed: Part·time Youth Director 
Fallbrook United Methodist Church . 
Experience leading youh prelerred. Call 
(619)728-1472. 9 am·2 pm. A United 
Campus Minlst AHiliate. (3111·4/8) 
Assistant Director· The Princeton Review. 
Nation's " Test Prep Service seeks 
recent graduate lrom top university. 
Highly motivated go-getter to help 
manage San Diego ollice. Ability 10 
manage people. strong entrepreneurial 
spirit. interest in marketing, high energy 
level and high SAT scores a must. Send 
resume to The Princeton Review, 4130 
La JoNa Village Drive Suite #309, La 
Jolla. Ca. 92037 or lax 558·0501· 

Anention~Rick Sliter. (3111·3114) 
Eam cash stulfing envelopes at horne. 
Send SASE to P.O.Box 774, Olathe, KS. 
66051 . (317-418) 
Earn $3000·$6000 & gain valuable 
business experience selling yellow page 
advertising in your University's OIIieial 
Campus Telephone Directory this 
SUMMER. Excellent advertlsinwsalesf 
Public Relatloifl RESUME BOOSTER. 
Call College Directory Publishing: 800-
466·2221 ext.230 (3/4·512) 
Part·time cierk-liorisl, La Jolla Village 
Shopping Center. Evenings. weekends, 
some day work, around class schedule. 
455·1600 (314·3114) 
Part·time canvassers door to door need 
energetic people hourly wage plus 
commission. Call Mr. Riboni at 232-6588 
or er, 975·5783. (314·3114) 
Models wanted. No expo West Coast, 
535·3024. (314·3114) 

. T ogo's·Del.Mar. Friendly, smiling people 
wanted lor PT days. Sandwich maker, 
shift mgr. positions available. $5.50 to 
start. Call Melanie, 481·3821. (314·411) 
Systems Operator wanted. On campus. 
10+ hrs.lwk. Must have demonstrated 

knowfedge 01 Windows and WIfldows 
Applications. Musl be familiar with MS 
AccessandMSWordmailmerges. Pr. 
knowledge 01 Wfldows NT and sequel 
service. $8.5OIhr, contact Mala OUCSO 
Telephone Outreach, 535·1433. (314-41 
11 ) 
Articulate. enthusiastic students wanted 
to help raise lunds for UCSD. $&'hr + 
bonus. Contact UCSD Telehphone 
Outreach Pr am. 535-1433. (314-4111) 
Counselors: Camp Wayne, sisterlbrother 
camp. Northeast Pennsytvania. 6J20-8I 
18/96. Have the most memorable 
summer 01 your lilel Coaches, teachers, 
and college age students lor: Group 
leaders. Team Sports. GolI, Tennis, 
Gymnastics, DrawinglPainting, 
Silkscreening, Batik, Photography. 
Videography, CampinglNature, Drama 
Director, Assistant Chel, Bookkepper, 
Kitchen, Waitresses. On campus 
interviews, April 10th. Call 1·800·279· 
3019. (314·4/18) 
General OIIieelMarketing· Hyperleaming, 
Inc .• a last-paced. growing test·prep co. 
is seeking an undergraduate student in 
pre·med or pre· law. Musl be energetic, 
sell·motivated, capable & dependable. 
12·20 hrs.lwk. Flex. $7Ihr. to start. 
Some Mac computer exper. prel·d. 455-
0099 Rachel. Fax resume to 457·7777. 
(314·3114) 
Animated, high·energy individuals 
needed to present Fun Science 
demonstrations to 5·12 year·oId children 
at birthday parties on weekends. Must 
have car and extensive experience with 
children. Pay: $25 per one hour show. 
Call: Mad Science. 549-3268. (2/29-411) 
Need a job? Hiring now! 5 PIT PR & 
PROMO jobs eaming $10 hr to $4001 
week. Jobs lilled on a lirst come basis, 
call 619-793-4473. (2126-3/14) 
Teach English in Eastern Europe· 
Conversational English teachers needed 
in Prague, Budapest, or Krakow. No 
teaching certificate or European 
languages required. Inexpensive Room 
& Board + other benefits. For inlo., call: 
(206)971-3680 ext.K59762 (2126-4/11) 
Cruise Ships Now Hiring· Eam up to 
$2.000+/month working on Cruise Ships 
or Land·Tour companies. World travel. 
Seasonal & lull·time employment 
availabfe. No experience necessary. For 
more inlormation. call 1·206·971·3550 
ext. C59763. (2126·4/18) 
Alaska Summer Jobs· Fishing induslry. 
Eamto $3,OOO·$6,OOOt/month + benefits. 
Malellemale. No experience necessary. 
(206)971·3510 ext.A59762 (2/26·4/18) 
Exceptional Summer Opportunity, Camp 
Wayne, NE PA (3 hrsJNYC)· sports 
oriented. CounseiorlSpecialists lor all 

• landlwater sports, camping, climbing! 
ropes, mountain biking, rocketry, A & C, 
drama, video, radio. On·campus 
interviews. TuesdaylWednesday, March 
9 and 10. Please call 1-800-737-9296 or 
516·883·3067, and leave your phone 
number and mailing address. (2122·4/1) 

FREE 
EVE EXAM , 

Call for 
SENSITIVE, AFFORDABLE 

dental ·care 

with purchase of 
Soft Contact lenses 

. I Disposible Acuvue II lenses, - I. DispoubIe Colored WJ 161eMa;-
LA JOLLA VILLAGE DENTAL OFFICE 

ames E.' Sanford D.D.S. 
General,. Preventative, and Cosmetic Services 

RIb", frN"~ .trlUlspllmt • M,.h,r ADA, CDA, SOCDS 

LA JOLLA VU.LAOI honssJONAl. emml. 
8950 VIllA LA JOLLA DA. SVITE~ 1 03 
Tor nooa, JUST II!HINO IL To~ 

" 

558-3490 
~e-~ 

• ,~ • ...wk 
, . 

. ' 

I Daily.Wear OSI .15 * I 
Extended Wear Ciba .15 * 

.1 Tinted Daily Wear Ciba 51.15 * I 
I CQlored WJ .110* I 

Changa a.- to 81« I Torie Lenses (6'" ... , .110* I 
11Iv ....... ···'onty No·checU ......... I ~a,.::liDmoot...:~. 

2617 CI,lIrf'lllont DrlVt' 

175-1732 
i 

Day Camps serving Coneejo & San 
Fernando _Valleys. Simi. Camarillo & 
MaNbu seek fun caring oounselonl & 
speical instructors lor nalure, gym, 
horseback riding. ~ting, crafta. 
swimming, song leading, sports, ropes 
course & more. Now interviewing, 818-
865-6263. (2122·3/14) 
$Cruise Ships Hiring! Students neededl 
$$$ + Free Travel (Caribbean, Europe. 
Hawaiil) SeasonaVPennanent. no expr. 
necessary. Gde. 919-929-4398 ext. 
Cl109 (2/15--411) 
RapicIy expanding telecomnu1ications 
c:orr.,any seemg ITWlIg8rI, trainers, and 
P\AlIicspeakers. Leavenarneandnumber 
tor interview. 683·9633 (2112,3114) 
Student Works Painting is hiring branch 
operators lor sunvner 01 1996. Duties 
include: marketing/sales/production 
management. Avg. swnmer eamings 
$8.000. CaN 80()..394-6000. (211-411) 
$1750 weekly possible mailing our 
circulars. No experience required. Begin 
now. For inlo. call301-306-1207 . ~1f25· 
9/25) 
Fast lundraiser- Raise $500 in 5 days· 
Greeks, groups. clubs. motivated 
individuals. Fast, easy· no linanclal 
obligation. (800)862-1962 EXT. 33 (1/ 
16-5116) 

HOUSING 
2 story condo: 3 bedroom. 1.5 bathroom. 
walk to UCSD, UTC, patio. pool . $1000. 
5 or 17 month lease. 587-6645 (3114-41 
18) 
Room lor rent: Furnished(desk, 
bookshelves, sola-bed). huge closet, own 
upslairs patio. beautiful view. secluded 
area. $3501month & lfJ utilities. 1 mile 
Irom campus(oll Eastgate). Call 458· 
0683. Available April , . (3111,3114) 
Huge room tor rent in Pacilic Beach. 
Available immediately, private entrance, 
cool roommates. 10 blocks Irom beach. 
Only $275, 483·6582. (3114) 
Touch the monkey in University City room. 
Available 4/1 . Optional tree turniture. big 
house. $330. Ross, 457·5682. (3114) 
Need a place lor Spring quarter only? 
Own room and bathroom in 3 br. 
apartment in PB lor only $3251mo. + lfJ 
utilities. Available March 31st. Sara, 
488·2406. (3111,3/14) 
One room lor rent. Heart 01 Hillcrest. 
Hardwood floors. $310 + 1/2 utilities. 
Available April 1st. CaJI294·5753. (3111 · 
3114) 
La Jolla· beautiful condo--large end unit 
unfumished2 Br./2 Bath., double garage. 
enclosed patio. near UCSD, beach, 
highways. 459·1310(3111·3114) 
ROOM for RENT, F, $2751month, La Jolla 
Colony Area. Laundry/parkinglbusline. 
Available now, call 552'()169. (3111-411) 
Large room, La Jolla, 1300 sq. It. concio, 
own bath. laundry, 2Iemales($220 each) 
or 1 ($440). 622·9232 (3111·3114) 
Females only. 2 single rooms in 3 
bedroom condo lor rent. $340 + 1/4 
utilities. Call 622-9688 or 558·7909. (31 
11·3114) 
Roommate wanted: $32IYmo. plus utilities 
lor private bedroom, share bath. 2 miles 
Irom campus. Female prelerred. 677· 
9980 (317,3114) 
Female roommate needed April 1st or 
ASAP! Rent own cute room in lriendly 
enllironment, big 5 br. house in University 
City. No smokers. Only $290/mo. + 115 
utilities. Cali Carolina, 623-0270. (317·3/ 
14) 
Looking lor two roommates to share 
master bedroom and bath. large walk·in 
closet. In a La Jolle Colony house with 
backyard. Pool, spero $325 each + 1/4 
utilities. Quiet location. Near park, bus 

FIlE EIIc.J1II 
Fr .. (ONuiIOlion and iniliatllu,mc:nl. U5 value. 
F"'Himc eI,enu only W;,h 1M 0<1. Exp. J{ZS/96 
' .... IEI' (~ nll~ows 
."IUIU .~~~. I .. U' (~U"I~ ll' 
..a:.. s,. "'MULA 

I'" Cf~1 

lIZ Woe. 
(maUCSD 
JUiaxin" 

P. UIDlo.OMS "~USTS 

~~~. "~~~f: 
lexander's · 

ELECTkOLYSIS 
fI Skin Cart Clinic 

. JlIlI.LI .. ' CT. 'ZZI , 
U ".LLa .. I"un Cllnl 

, (_ III MoIJI s..;.",) 558-0888 

, 

.Thursday, March 14. 19% 

slop. Vons. Close to UCSO. Cal 458-
0687. Available nowl (317·3114) 
Room lor rent, South Mesa. Upstairs, 
balcony. Mustsee! $3211mo , no tobacco 
smoke. Grads only. Call 677-0607, 
charrisOweber.ucsd edu (317·3/14) _ 
Spacious room lor rent. 5 br. University 
City house. Pool/spa, washerldryer, 
cjshwasher. $350 + 1/5 utilities. Call 
Heather. 587·1488. (314--411) 
Need lemale roommate, W Colony apt. . 
near bus stop, washer/dryer. pooIIspa. 
sauna. gym, garage. dishwasher. $260. 
cool roommates. Call 457-()069. Elisa. 
(317·3114) _____ _ 
Two roommates needed tor lully lumished 
condo close to campus. WID, pool, spa, 
no pets. available now. $325·$350 with 

uti~ties. 455-1949 (314·3/14) 
Room lor rent- Solana bch. townhouse. 
Single bdrmlba, $3401mo. + 115 utilities. 
Across st.lrom bch. Open Mar. 31. Call 
794·7922. (314·3114) 
For rent: Junior 1 bedroom in Villa La 
Jolla. Clean, pool, jacuzzi, security. 
Available April 1st. 453-6634 (314·3/14) 
Buy and Save! Interest rates near 20 
year low: 2 bdrm., 1.25 ba., Security 
Building. walk to beach. 436-5263. Agent. 
(2122·4/1 1) __ _ 
3 bedroom concio near UCSD. UTe. 
Washer. dryer. pool. 51140/mo. available 
June or September. Contact Nina, 792· 
6453. (2/20-3114) 
Own your own home·save rent doll?rs. 
Special savings UCSD stall & students. 
Walk 10 UCSD. 1,2,3 br. condos. 
5120,000+. Houses$195.000+. La Jolla. 
Univ. City. Clairemont, Mira Mesa, & 
surrounding area realtor 13 years 
experience. Judith Haddox. RelMax 
Assoc. 274-4477(2/12·3114) 

FOR SALE 
laptop: Macintosh Powerbook 100. 6 
MB RAM, 20 MB HD with FaxImodem 
and software. Excellent condition. $485. 

Call551-OO~2 . (3114·411) 
85 Mitsubishi: Starion, Turbo 2.6 
Automatic w/overdrive, power windows + 
mirrors. Leather interior. $2000 or best. 

Cal Daniel 0450-0388. (3114) 
1967 Honda Elite 25O(lrHway legal). 
Red, good condo luel. Helmet & parking 
for Spring atr. $7oolneg. Max, 455· 
7943. (3114-411) 

CLUSlnED AD 
DEADLINE 

FOI 4/1 ISSUE 
'

h' ...... AlI& .... ' 
1M. 3/2";' 

Two twin sized beds. Bunkable, while, 
clean, in good concjtion. S25 each, or 
$40 lor both. Call ComiefJen, 453·5037. 
(3114) 
Wynonna Concert. 3119196. RIMAC. 7:30 
pm. 4th row, 1 ticl<et $40.00. 534-6544 
(3114) 
Single bed lor sale. Mattress. box springs. 
megallrame wlwheels. Must sell belore 
3125. $50 o.b.o. Kan, 794-4820. (3114) 
Bed,lulipKlow·topmattessandbox·spring 
with Ira me. Great deali $50 o.b.o. Call 
455-0965. (3114) 
White bedroom lumitu reo nightstand, 18' 
drawer set, 36'drawer set and bookcase. 
Great price! Call Sara at 488·2406. (31 
11·3114) 
1984 ToyotaCamry 75.000 miles. $1800 
obo. 10 Gallon lish tank plus all 
accessories, $25. Call Jessica. 822· 
0568(w) or 622·9916(h). (3/11·3114) 
Airline ticket, San Diego to San Francisco, 
round trip, $80. Departs SD, Sat. 3123, 
3:30 pm. Returns Sat. 3130, 3:40 pm. 
Call Tom, 457·5175. (3/11·3114) 
Brother Wordprocessor. $235. 13" TV I 
VCR. $290(practically new). TI·81. TI-82 
calculators:$60.$70. Call 457·9730. (31 
11 -3/14) 
Sims t65cm All· Mountain Snowboard, 
new, (still in plastic!) wIK 2 bindings, $450 
new, only $3651 HP 48SX graphic 
calculator with science/math card. $275. 
Pager, $40. Ray-ban Sport series III 
sungtasses. new $50. All oboItrade? 
Dave, 274·2337/890·47n. (3111·3/14) 

Kinko's Domino's Piua 
FIlII LAHJtPIt1NTS ............... p.18 PIZZA COUPONS ..................... p. I 
UCSD Bookstore UCSD Bookstore 
10% OFf' GaNlRAL lOOKS ..... p. 17 10% OfF APPARIL ................. p .• 
Belly Up Tavern Zebra 
CONCIRTS .............................. p.13 3.10 COPIES ........................... p.l. 
Amtrak Yellow Brick Road 
11% DISCOUNT ........................ p. • FRII TOKENS ......................... p. 3 
UCSD Bookstore Music Trader 
CAIN FOR 1OOI(1 ................... p.l0 PItH CD'S .............................. p. l. 

Econom 

COLORED LENSES 
_ . ..-arA 1IiuMI.,..._. $169 

M_ ....... __ 
.e-.c..I111·..-... ...... 
........ ~ 
. ....,....., .. ..., 
. ...,..,.. ........ ~ ....... 
........ 

Dr • .."" CtJII'II, 0.0. ell.,., ,.". .,l11li telJt:lD 
4150 REGENTS PARK ROWSn:.I60 
U Mil ... ~"",-... .,., 

46-1 

The UCSD Guardian 

Full·size hardwood futon frame in great 
condition. WIll transport. Mus1 sell!! $75 
D.b.o. Can Mary, 792-2305. (2/29-3114) 
Bargain tor a futon! Futon frame in 
good concItIon, foIdllnto a IOfa, metat. 
You can have this fOl' 3 cal" 01 really 
good blert call 822~S. (2129-3114) 

WAN TED 
WANTED:?=! Studentswhogiveadamn . 
(3114) 
Arabic TutorWanted. Please caN Vartan's 
Voice. Mail at (619)491·3851. (3111·31 
14) 
Monkey Wagon needs 20 naked 
HERMAPHRODITES to play tympany. 
Catl Josh, Ed, or Kelly. 558·9564. (3111· 
3114) 
Smokers. ages 18·35. needed lor 
brainwave study. Subjects will ba paid 
$20.00 lor 3 easy hours 01 EEG testing. 
Call Or. Aaron lIan, leave name and 
telephone number. 554·8442. (314·3114) 
F ratemaVldentical twins needed lor a paid 
UCSD psychology experiment. $10 lor 
one houri Jell, 534-6283. (2/5-3114) 
SUBJECTS PAID lorastudyon alcohol's 
eHects. If you are a Japanese, Chinese. 
or Korean. American-bom male. call VA 
Medical Center lor more inlormation. 552· 
8585 X2182. (1/16-3114) 

SERVICES 

Rassl European Beauty Care Hair. 
Faeials, massage. waxing, manicure, 
pedicures. 20"10 oil. 1122 Silverado St., 
La Jolla. Day. eves, 456-8054. Pager, 
968'()7 i 6. (3114) 
Massage lor health: Given by experienced 
and devoted licensed therapist. $20 a 
session. Fourth session Iree. Call 
Alexander 0625'()279. (3114) 

LaJolI BlrberShop, OuUtybarbering. 
Haircuts,S10. nf'IJ FlY Ave, La Jolla. 
Ste. F. 459-5792. HIS: Tues-Fri. 8:30·3. 
Sat. 8·3, closed SunlMon. (3/14) 
Lurkers available lor lurtdng @$10.90/ 
hr?:1 Specialize in awareness. 
interacllon. motivation and inquiries. Call 
534·LURK. (3114) 
MOVERS: Serving Southem Calitornia. 
Ucensed & Insured. Packing Available. 
' No job too small'. Student discounts. 
Free estimates. Moss Transportation. 
(619)277·9475. (3111·3114) 
Exams? Stay awake + alert! 100% 
natural. For Iree sample, call 454-6566. 
(3111·3114) 
BoIIItd Wlllpowerl All natural. doc1or 
recommended. Lose 2-6 Ibs.lweek. 
Programslrom$l . tS/day! CalI689-6425. 
Money back guarantee! (314·3114) 
Europe, $249. Be a little flexible and 
SAVE$$$. We'll help you beattheairtine 
prices. Destinations worldwide. 
AIRHITCH . 310·394·0550. 
airhitch@netcom.com (314-5/2) 
Word processing, term papers, resumes, 
etc. 270-7106 (2129-3114) 
Mr.Taxman· low cost, computerized tax 
preparation. Quick relunds. 10% discount 
for UCSD students. Call 587-7047. (2/ 
29·3114) __ 
Scholarship Locators: We will locate 
sources 01 Iree money lor you. 
GUARANTEED RESULTS. F~ e 
information. 1·800·250·8587. (2126-41 
29) 
Free Financial Aid! Over $6 Billion in 
public and private sector grants & 
scholarships isnow available. AHstudents 
are eligible r~ardless 01 grades. income, 
or parent's income. Let us help. Call 
Student Financial Services: 1·800·263· 
6495 ext F59763 (2126-4118) 
BRUCE LEE'S Jest Kone Do, Brazilian 
Jiu J~su, Kali. seH-delense and Knile 
Throwing are taught at Progressive 
Fighting Systems. Recieve a to% 
Discount with this ad. CaM 279· 7575 lor 
more inlo. Ask lor Roy Harris. (2/15-41 
18) 
Tl'lveI-8eat tares-Wood-Wide. Call 
now· save $$S. Mon.·Fri. 5:3O-9:3Opm. 

CLASSIFIEDS 17 

Sat. 9:00-n00n. 546·7831 (1/18-&6) 
EPISCOPAL STUDENT ASSOCIATION 
Eucharist every Wed. 5-5:3Opm in the 
International Center. Free dinnerl 
discussion lollowing the service. Inlo call 
(619) 534·2537. (1/8·3114) 
ATIENTION ALL STUDENTS! Grants 
& Scholarships available! BiHionsot$$$ 
in private lunding. Qualify immediately. 
1-800-AID-2·HELP (HIOO .. 24302435). (If 
8·4/4). 
Word Processing manuscripts, 
dissertations, books. business. 
applications, resumes, edting. Accurate. 
last, conlidential. Mary Ann, (619) 452· 
9439. (10126·4125) 

LOST & FOUND 
THANKYOUI Tothepersonwhoretumed 
my glasses at EBU2· Pleasa call so I can 
thank you! Also· to Paula who called & 
tole me where I could find them· THANKS! 
You guys made my week! 55O.<J634 (31 
14-4Ql ________ _ 
Lost : Student Awaren ... , 
enthusiasm, concern and inlel'lction. 
" lound ?:!, please call 534-LURK. (31 
14) 

PERSONALS 
R~Ad·diction . (3/14). ____ _ 
Cora: Have a great spring break at the 
Sands and at Anzo. Hope your tent is ok. 
Hope there is a parking spot tor your 
Camry. Jeffery will be there. Mary Kay 
Sandmen sends. (3114) 
BE A LURKER?=! 

--------

Why don't they just mak. the whole 
airplane out 01 the same material that 
the make that little black box? (3/14) 
I'm Papaye the sailor man. RT (3/14) 
I'm spending my spring break in Palm 
Springs with a water bottle and a set 01 
those swimmer score cards. All I need 
now is a personality. (3114) 

FIND UCSD Bookstore Proudly Presents 
RoOmmates 

Tickets 

Cars 

Bikes 

Deals 

Steals 

Rentals 

Stereos 

Surfboards 

Auto Repair 

Sales 

Jobs 

Rooms 

Typing 

Babysitters 

Computers 

Tutors 
and mort in 

Tht Gruudian 
Classifleds. 
Wbatdo 

Jail nt~? 

a. ..... 
upst8lrllnthe 

Studeft Center 
eovethe 

GenenII Store. 

WEJ?)NESDA 
~bJIGH 
Rita Dove 
Rita Dove will be the 
featured guest at this 
slightly different 
Wednesday Night Live. 
She will be in the 
UCSD Bookstore from 
5:00-6:00pm to sign copies 
of her books Mother Love 
and Selected Poems. 
She will then be the featured 
speaker at 7:00pm in the 
Price Center Ballroom for 
the Helen Edison Lecture 
Series. 

(619)534-3149 
' _JI ~I I 
I\()("-(~, I()'" 

1 0% OFF ALL gener~1 and technical 
books from 6-S:00pm, during Wednesday 
Night Uve appearances. (Excludes bestsellers end 

~). SaIa Is subject to CNrlge and/or c:.x:cllatlon. 

FEED YOUR lUI .. 
Intemet Ac- ,ess: 

http://www-bookstore.ucsd.edu 

- I 

-

.... 



1 / 

•• 

18 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian 

State Stomps UCSD 
WATER'S EDGE: The Tritons found out why San Diego State is 
nationally ranked at number-two, as they were beaten soundly, 17-4 
By C".JiaLee 
Guardian Reporter 

On Wednesday, the UCSD 
women 's water polo team had a 
chance to see where it stood against 

the rest of the nation, 
as the squad hosted 
the powerful San Di-
ego State team at 
Canyon view Pool. 

If the 17-4 loss to 
the Aztecs is a ba-
rometer of things to 
come, the Tritons 

defense we played throughout the 
whole game." 

The Aztecs put on a clinic, capi-
talizing on the numerous Triton 
mistakes and playing the kind of 
defense indicative of team ranked 
number-two in the country. SDSU 
struck first - and quickly, just 50 
seconds into the game - on a fast-
break goal. The Aztecs then pro-
ceeded to notch three more in the 
quarter to take a 4-0 lead by the end 
of the opening period. 

evenly played than the 
first two, as the Tritons 
tallied a pair of goals. 
SDSU notched three, 
however, to take an 11-3 
lead after three quaners. 
The Aztecs then domi-
nated the founh, allow-
ing UCSD no room to 
execute its game plan, 
preventing even the 
slightest scratch from 
marring their seemingly 
invincible armor. 

.. 

Thursday, March i4, 1996 

Marl< Pane/son/Guardian have tremendous room for improve-
ment as the season progresses. 
Outmatched and outplayed, there 
was little the Tritons could do to 
~top the Aztec allack. 

The Tritons countered with agoal 
by Allison Abboll to start the sec-
ond quarter, but they were shut out 
the rest of the way, as San Diego 
State scored four more to take an 8-
I lead inlo halftime. 

The Tritons were de-
DomInance: Captain Amber-Reiss-Holt (dark cap) is bUllied by a State player. 

"ied every lime they 

"We obviously didn ' t play welL" 
Triton Head Coach Denny Harper 
said. "San Diego State is bigger, 
faster and stronger than we are, but 
there was no excuse for the bad 

there just 
aren't 
enough 
hours 
between 
9 & 5 ... 
we work 
around 
the clock. 

The Tritons didn ' t experience a 
change in their pal ale after the inter-
mission, as the second half had the 
same sour laste as the first. 

The third quarter was mQre 

full-color copies· 
kinko's-
\bur branch ~ 
~~~~~~~~~.~~~~l-~c~~~~~~~ 

.............. KInIoD~ LaJolo .... ___ oil cia ........ 

...... W.1 DWIIIt 'fOIII' r..o.1eI...-Ind ........... 1I CD,.... ....... 
0I0r1l "'-d .. _ ...... ,., - .c.....,_1Ie 
__ at ...... cI purcMM Ind II _ oraIId """ _ ...... YoId at 
KinII9'. La JoIo ........ Coupon - ........ ~ 11)' ..... No wh 
...... OIor ...... AprII lO. ''''. 

--------------------

10.... e 8849Villa La lolla 11Il" ill the La Jolla Village tenter 
---457-3775 

., Your Immch office IS San 0ie&o locacions to Serve You 

looked to penetrate past the sutfo-
eating Aztec defense, while State 
took advanlage of defensive lapses 
by UCSD to eXlend its lead. 

"This is a new thing for our pro-
gram," Harper said. "Competing 
against scholarship schools is some-
thing that we are jusl going to have 

The dote of the next 
LSAT is June 101h_ 

Serious pre-low 
students have from 
now until then to 
devote themselves 
to achieving the best 
possible score. 

to adjust to, but it won't be long 
before we gel back on track." 

After having won five nalional 
championships in water poloat the 
Division III level, the Tritons are 
struggling this year and will have to 
bait Ie hard to make the postseason. 

"It's going to be a dogfight just 

to quali fy for the nationals," Harper 
said. "After finals, we start real prac-
tices, and we should be ready to 
make a run for the playoffs." 

UCSD has a busy weekend 
ahead, as it hosts an invitalional on 
Saturday and a game against num-
ber-one UCLA on Sunday. 

~-.. -.. -.. 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• Rlmada Inn, 278=0800 • 
• It Clairemont MesalHWV-163 • 

• • 
• • 
• • • • 
• • 
• • 
• • • -2000 watts Sound system- • 
• -Turkish Music I Plstry- • 
• Call 619036-TUBK • 

~ ...... -., 

Devotion 

Thursday, March 14, 1996 The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 19 

UCSD CLUB SPORTS ROUND-UP 
Cycling 

In another frustrating weekend 
for Ihe UCSD cycling tea.m. loose 
dog, Ford Broncos and a plethora (l ofUCSBandcaiPOIY San Louis Obispo rid-ers dropped the La 

Jolla riders to a fourth-
place finish . In a race which paral-
Icls traditional European races, rid-
ers from all schools had a lOugh 
time going through the dangerous 
streelS of Santa Barbara. 

Fortunately for UCSD, no ridcr 
was hurt, except for Victor "P-
chow" Weinstein, who thought the 
curb looked like a nice spot for a 
breakfast it-down . As spectators 
cheered with their fresh coffee in 
hand , UCSD's individual perfor-
mances were the only bright spot 
of the weekend. 

Despite a lackluster team fin -
ish. SalUrday's criterium - con-
sisling of a . 73 km horseshoe loop 
in downtown Santa Barbara -
came down to two exceptional 

Rugby 

The day the UCSD rugby team 
had been waiting for finally ar-
rived . Or so thought the ruggers, 

who were scheduled to e.. duel Claremont Col -.,,, lege in the final s ~f g I) the Southern Cali-
fornia Collegiate 

Championships last Saturday. 
However, Claremont decided 

instead to travel to Europe, giving 
UCSD the opportunity to accept 
the championship by forfeit. And 
instead of consenting to those 
terms, the ruggers rescheduled 
their match forThursday, April II 
at 3 p.m. at the Warren West Field. 

"We don't like Claremont and 
we want the chance 10 put them in 
their place, which is second place 
behind us," inside center Shammus 
Brown said. "Our team feels we 
are unquestionably the besl in the 
division, so we elected not to ac-
cept the forfeit to eliminate any 
possible controversy over the 
championship. " 

Consequently, UCSD played a 
team composed of Ihe division 's 
best players in an expo~ition game. 
The all-stars were chosen by 
coaches in the division, and ten 
ruggers were selected. 

Thanks to the scoring capahili -
tiesof Brown and Morgan Patison , 
UCSD prevailed, 12-6. 

- Nicole Sunderland 

Women's Lacrosse 

Th e UCSD women '· lacro se 
team continued ils winning ways 
last weekend with an easy 21-12 

., 

triumph over 
• Westmont College. 

The La Jollans were 
led by junior Sian Beilock 

who tallied a team-high eight 
goals to spearhead the offensi ve • 
effort. Shannon Northurup did her 
share, pitching in with six goals, 
while Amy Hasselfeld and Chris 
Moll notched three and two scores, 
respectively. 

"I'm really proud of the way 
wc're playing," Head Coach ancy 
Vesper aid . "We're mostly rook-
ies, hUlthey ' renOl playing like rook-
ies. They arc excellent athlete~ . 

UCSD'~ next game is againstlhe 
Tri-Check Uvas club on Saturday. 

- Dan Kraft 

performances 
from the women 's 
and men 's teams. 

In men 's A 
competition, Tim 
Knudsen brought 
[an Bellinger 10 a 
first-place finish 
with a lap-and-a-
half leadout. 

In women's A, 
Kal ri na Berger 
shocked the field 
and the crowd, as 
she allacked the 
course on the first 
lap and broke 
away, improving 
on her lead in the 

In command: Katrina Berger finished first . 
nexl 45 laps and 
winning the gold. or faulty equipment, Fritz Rastagar 

On Sunday, the team travelled said. 
to the outskirts of Solvang, ncar "Well, I didn 't throw up, and I 
SB. UCSD did not fare too well in didn't crash, so all around it was a 
the six-mile trial of rolling hills. It prellysucce sfulrace."Rastagarsaid. 
was either the tough competition - Sean Rahlml 

N.1Ml D, 

U C 5 D 

DIAN 

• Oliver 
Peoples 

• Guess 

• Matsuda 

• Calvin 
Klein 

• Cartier 

• Armani 

Skiing 

While you certainly couldn't 
tell by jusl glancing out the near-
est window, it's still skI season in 

'ri the local moun -tains; and our very own UCSD club ski team has been en-
joying ilself in the 

white Sluff of late. However, the 
UCSDsquad - whichdominated 
the Southern California Colle-
giate Ski Conference (SCCSC) 
last year - has not allowed its 
summer-like surroundings 10 pre-
venl it from once again rising 10 
the top of the standings. 

Currently ranked an unoffi -
cial fourth in the conference, 
UCSD did its best to maintain 
that standing at Mammoth Moun-
tain on March 2 and 3, as the 
team was led by Steve Mueller. 
Two days of perfect weather con-
ditions suited Mueller just fine, 
as he earned first-place h nors in 
both Saturday 'S men 's slalom 

race and Sunday' giant slalom. 
Team captain Darren Mac also 

had a solid weekend, recording a 
personal-best finish in the slalom, 
as he came across the hne in fifth . 

The lalom marked a solid race 
for UCSD all around, as Ryan 
Robison placed ninth among the 
lield of over 80 skiers, followed by 
Eric Nelson in 10th, and Andy 
Robertson in 13th. 

On the women's side, team cap-
tain Allison Cummings had a per-
sonal-record fourth-place finish in 
Sunday's giant slalom. She was fol-
lowed down the mountain by 
Reyhaneh Eghbali, who placed 13th. 

The UCSD women were paced 
by Cummings in Saturday' s slalom, 
as she grabbed ninth. Eghbali again 
finished 13th, while Kelly Dixon 
took 12th. 

"We gradualed most of our top 
racers last year, but we are still very 
competit ve in the SCCSC," Mac said. 

- Dan Kraft 

FUll-time summer, part-time academic year pOSitions are 
available involving the development of sophisticated virtual 
environments for science educalion. Successful applicants will 
have the opportunity to work in an exciting environment with a 
small team of extremely talented individuals. Our lab includes 
state of the art computer graphics hardware and sottware, 
including SGI Reality Engine graphics. 
Pay is approximately $10/hr. Positions are open to students who 
will be at UCSD tor at least 3 more years, who are exceptionally 
intelligent, creative, and hard working. The ideal applicant will 
possess strong software engineering skills and a compelling 
interest in science (particularly biology and chemistry)_ We will 
provide training for the righl people. 
For more information about the project, please see our home 
page at http://www-wilson.ucsd:edu under "Virtual Reality." 
For Information on applying, please contact Bonnie Bishop 
Stark at 534-2572 (b".rkOucsd.edu) or by mall at 
Cheml.try 0339, UCSb, 9500 Gilman Drive, La Jolla, CA 
92093. Positions will begin this summer (and even the spring 
quarter if desired). Applications should be submitted on or before 
April 10. 
(Car_ ServlCeS Center. pa~·'ime employment- Job '907598) 

F RE E 1 PAIR COLORED CONTACTS FreshLooks: Brown Eyes 10 Blue, Green, Hazel OR 5 PAIR, l-DA' ACUYUE Disposable Contacl Lenses: PLO to -6.00 W"h the purcha.e of any comarllen. package helow 
'$89;r; $129~!~~:~~.~ 

All specials indude lenses, exam, kit and follow up visil . 

WE SPECIALIZE IN CONTACT LENSES 
• Gos-permeable hard lenses' Soft len~s for astigmatism 

• Sports lenses ' U. V. lenses • Colored lenses 
- Thousonds of lenses in slock. Emergency Service 

ONE HOUR SERVICE" 6 DAYS A WEEK 
STUDEIIT DISCOUNTS 011 MOST CONTACT LENS PACKAGES 

• In moiJ etn •• 

• PRESCRIPTIONS flLl.ED 
• GlASSES DUPlICATED 
• COMNTE EYE EXAMS 
• No APPOINTMENT NECESSARY 

\1 

-



20 SPORTS 

UCSD Bullies 
Rochester (NY) 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, March 14, 1996 

P RT~ 
r PUMMELLED: The Tritons had no trouble 

disposing of the New Yorkers, winning, 6-1 

/II 

By Nicole Sunderland 
Staff Writer 

The UCSD men's tennis team 
had fire in its eyes last Monday as 
it burnt the University of Roches-

ter (NY), 6-1 . 
The Tritons sent 

the opposi ng squad 
back East with only 
one si ngles victory 
and one doubles vic-
tory to show for in 
nine matches. 

J n doubles play, 
UCSD grabbed the all-important 
first point, as the top-seated duo 
of Mike Wi Iso n and Eric 
Steidlmayer defeated 
Rochester's Ethan Morri ~ and 
Jon Martin , 8-6, and the third-
seated pair of Steve Shabel and 
Emi l Mihet came out on top, 8-
5. 

Unfortunately, Dan Brounstein 
Jnd Ben Becker were unable to 

capture a win at the number-two 
spot, losing a close match, 9-8. 

"I think neither one of us 
thought we were going to lose that 
match, and we started off too 
slowly ," Brounstein said. "Wejust 
didn't put our oppol)ents away 
early ." 

The Tritons .entered the second 
half of the competition leading 1-
0, despite the one doubles loss. 
UCSD capitalized on the lead, tak-

, ing five of its six singles matches. 
Number-one seed Brounstein 

led the way for the Tritolls:defeat-
ing Morri~, 6-4, 2-6, 6-4. After 
losing fJ ve previous ' three-set 
matches:lhe win was encouraging 
for Brounstein. 

"It was a good turning point ," 
Brounstein said. ''I've lost a couple 
of close matches this year, and it 
was nice to finally win one." 

Following in his victorious 
teammate's win, second-seed Wil -

T .. t'eam: UCSO's Mike Wilson looks on as partner Eric Steidlmayer stretches out to make the shot 
during the Tritons ' dominating victory over Rochester on Monday. 

son overcame over his opponent 
after three sets with some steady 
overhead smashes. Thi rd-seed 
Steidlr:nayer also prevailed over 
his Roche ter counterpart, win-
ning, 6-0, 7-6. 

''I've played the last few matches 
.pretty well , but today I gave acouple 
games away," Steidlmayer said. 
"Other than that, things worked out 
well." 

In other matches, fourth-ranked 

Shabel devastated his opponent, 
6-4,4-6,7-6. Sixth-ranked Rahul 
Batra also had little difficulty , 
winning 6-1, 6-0. 

Mihet was unable to defeat 
See BRONX, Page 15 

· Tritons Thrown to the Uons UCSD Averages 72.5 to 
Finish Fourth at usn Invite 

" 

.. . 

.. , 

MARYMOUNT: After winning the opening two games of its match against 
Division I LoyolalMarymount, UCSD collapsed, losing three straight By Sean Rahlml 

Associate Sports Editor 
By Steve Walsh 
Staff Writer 

Heartbreak. 
Thc UCSD men's volleyball l(l~~ 

to 1.OIYola Maryrnount UnlverMty 
on Tuesday can only be described 

by this lone, crushing word. After 
pUlling the Divi~ion I Lions on the 
ropes by taking the first two game~, 
the Tritons werc unable to deliver 
the nece~sary knockout punch, as 
the Lions stole thc final three games 

of the match. 
The Tritons 

opened thc match at 
RIMA lookingmore 
relaxed and powerful 
than their opposition. 
Sophomore setter 
George You, who re-
corded 94 assists and 
three solo blocks for 
the match, got the 
squad off on the right 
foot by serving four 
straight points to put 
his team up, 6-1. As 
UCSD settled into a 
groove, it became ap-
parent that the team 
was not intimidated 
by its scholarship-ath-
lete opponents. 

WIly1: Tom Black agonizes during the loss. 

"I think we thought 
we were going to 
win," Head Coach 
Doug Dannevik said. 

.... '. Vol.., .... I: 
Sat., March 12, vs. Unive~ity of Southern California at 

RIMAC Arena, 3 p.m. 

..... '.T.-.Ia: 
Fri., March 15, at University of Redlands, 2:30 p.m. 

The Tritons con tinued their 
strong play throughout the first 
game. The Lions tried to close the 

gap late in the round, 
but UCSD's front 
coun of made sure 
they got no clo erthan 
five points. A service 
ace by junior Dan 
Thomassen and a 
quick-set kill by 
sophomore Guy 

Mount finished off the Lions. 
Momentum remained with the 

Tritons throughout the second game, 
as the Lions were blitzed, 15-9. 
UCSD continued its torrid hitting 
by racking up 24 kills for the game. 
Captain Tom Black scorched a cross-
court hit to put the Tritons up by two 
games. 

Game three proved to be the turn-
ing point for the Tritons, as Loyola 
Marymount took control of the 
match after making a few lineup 
changes. 

"Loyola played great the last 
three games," Dannevik said. "When 
they brought in their first-string set-
ter, it made a difference." 

See ROAR, Page 15 

The UCSD golf learn fell 
pretty good after its first day of 
competition at tlw USD Invita-
lional , which consisted of 
Division I and II leams. 
Head Coach Mike 
Wydra 's quad shot a 297 
and 305 for the first 36 
holes. 

A 602 score is usually 
good enough for a spot in 
the middle of the 12-team 
standings. However, the 
Tritons found themselves at the 
10th position, so they stepped up 
their game on Tuesday and 
claimed fourth place among the 
tough field . 

Shooting a cool 290 on the 
second day, the Tritons moved 
ahead of Cal State San Bernar-
dino - which beat UCSD last 
weekend at Torrey Pines. Cal 
State Northridge and Santa Clara 
also found themselves passed by 
the hard-charging Tritons. 

After the last tee shot had been 
struck, Cal State Stanislaus (872) 
finished atop the field, followed 
by Long Beach State (876), 
Grand Canyon (890) and UCSD 

Women'. Wllter Polo: 
Sat., March 13, vs. UCLA at Canyonview Pool, 6 p.m. 

....... 1: 
Thurs., March 14, vs. University of Mass.-Dartmouth at 

Triton Baseball Stadium, 2 p.m. 

(892). 
"All in all, it was a fabulous 

showing,"Wydrasaid. "Wecom-
peted against three of the top-
eight Division II schools, and 

shot very well." 
The 72.5 average was 

attributed to great perfor-
mances from Brian Bazzel 
and captain Pete Roberts . 
Bazzel - a fabulou s 
striker who rarely misses 
the fairway - shot 70, 76 
and 74, respectively, for a 
220 total. His effort earned 

him eight overall. Roberts, who 
is playing with injured ribs, shot 
76, 75, and a terrific score of 70 
on the last day to finish 10th 
overall with a 22 I score. 

"Roberts and Bazzel were 
coming off bad weekends and 
they were warned that they had 
to play well to qualify for our 
spring break tournament," Wydra 
said. "Both of them responded, 
finishing 1-2 for us ." 

Arnie Campbell placed third 
on the team with a score of 74, 
81, and 72 for a 227 total. 

"It was very much a team ef-
fort, " Wydra said, "a very strong 
showing for the whole group." 

WOIIIM'. 
Tennl.: The 
Tritons were 
whipping on 
Emory (GA), 
when Mother 
Nature came-a-
calling and 
suspended play. 


