
• =4 ~1 ~'.": I =4:l =II 
Editorial Prompts 
Paper Thefts 
BERKELEY, Calif. -
Apparently angered by the 
endorsement of Propo ition 209 
in UC Berkeley's Daily 
Californian , at least three 
people stole nearly all 23,000 
copies of the newspaper early 
Tuesday morning. The 
individuals apparently followed 
the paper's three deli very 
drivers and removed the paper 
as soon as the drivers placed the 
papers on the racks. The thieves 
reportedly belong to a group 
called the Coalition to Defend 
Arfirmative Action B Any 
Means Necessary. 

- The Daily Californian 

Iowa Student Killed 
In Murder/Suicide 
AMES, Iowa - Story County 
police reported that Kristina 
Rankin, an Iowa State Univer-
jty veterinary medicine student, 

and Daniel Hancock were 
involved in a domestic dispute 
when shots were fired. Police 
arrived soon after, and entered 
the house after questioning 
Rankin 's daughter. Investigators 
found both Rankin and Hancock 
dead, and as of yet have no 
clues as to which was the 
shooter. Police found a 
handgun, which they believe IS 
the murder weapon, in the room 
near the two bodie . 

- Iowa State Daily 

UCI Professor 
Accused of Assault 
rRVINE, Calf. - UC Irvine 
Profe sor Lindon Barrell faces 
charges of assault and battery 
after attacking a parking 
allendant last Tuesday. 
According to Assistant 
Execullve Vice Chancellor Ron 
Wilson, the parking attendant 
monitoring the lot saw that 
Barrell' s car lacked a valid 
parking permit and had "several 
unpaid tickets." The attendant, 
who remains unidentified, 
placed a "boot" on Wilson's car 
to immobilize it. Barrett then 
returned, and the allendant 
made a citizen 's arrest when the 
conversation ' between he and 
Barrell became heated. Barrett, 
who then allegedly beat the 
man, claimed he was a victim of 
racial bias because he is black 
and the attendant is white. 

- The New University 

SOUL 
HIATUS: The Guardian 
interviews Soul Coughing, 
who play tomorrow' TG 9 

OPINION: Bill Clinton 'S 
second term will suffer 
from hi earlier mi takes 4 

SPORTS: Women ' 
Soccer advances to NCAA 
Regionals 24 

, H • u c 5 D 

UC SAN DIEGO THURSDAY, NOVEM BER 7,1996 

University Prepares For 209's Effects 
INITIADVE: CCRI 
already faces legal 
challenges from ACLU 
By Terry Lew 
News Editor 

Although the American Civil 
Liberties Union and several other 
groups have already filed a lawsuit 
in federal court to block the enforce-
ment of Proposition 209, UC Pro-
vost C. Judson King yesterday set 
forth guidelines for campus offi -
cials to use in implementing the 

measure. 
Ca I i forni a vo ters approved 

Proposi tion 209, the California Civil 
Rights Initiative, by an eight per-
cent margin in Tuesday 's elections. 

King's guidelines tell the nine 
UC chancellors how to deal with the 
initiative. which eliminates govern-
ment-sponsored affirmative-action 
programs in hiring, contracting and 
education. 

"I wish to reiterate that the Uni -
versity of California strongly is com-
mitted to the goal of a diverse fac-
ulty, staff and student body, and wi II 

do all it can, under the law and 
within Regental policy, to achieve 
that goal," King stated. 

King addressed the initiative's 
effect on five areas of universi ty 
policy: hiring and contracti ng pro-
grams; admi ions programs; un-
dergraduate, graduate and profes-
sional school admissions; financial 
aid; outreach programs; and "other 
UC race, ethnic or gender-att entive 
program ." 

The university is already close to 
complying with Proposi tion 209's 
anti -affirmative action provisions 

because of the UC Board of Re-
gents' July 1995 SP- I and SP-2 
re olutions that eliminated race a a 
consideration in universi ty admis-
sions, hiring or contracting, UC 
President Richard Atkin on stated 
in a letter sent yesterday to "mem-
bers of the university community." 

According to King, UC General 
Counsel James Holst has recom-
mended the university suspend all 
financial-aid programs that use race 
or gender as a consideration. How-
ever, Holst said the university shou ld 

See INITIATIVE, Page 7 
---===~== 

EXERCISE IN DEMOCRACY A.S. Skits. 
Sidetracked 
By Conflicts 

The rIIht to choose: Warren senior April White casts her ballot Tuesday at the Price 
Center. Several hundred students cast their ballots at the three campus polling stations. 

II 

DERAILMENT: 
'Educational' presentations 
cancelled by organizers 
By Anna Valsman 
Senior Staff Writer 

Citing bad timing and ~ched ulin g con-
flicts , UCSD Associated tude nt ~ Vice 
President fo r External Affair lex Tom 
said yesterday that none of the council' . 
ostensibly educational skits about Propo-
si tIOn 209 - also known a~ the CaliforOi a 
Civ il Ri ghts Initiative - actually took 
place. 

Tom said last week the skits . which 
would have heen performed Monday and 
Tuesday, featured a student dressed as 
Gov. Pete Wilson who would say his "true 
agenda" was achieved with Proposition 
209's passage. 

Tom said the stude nt would then pull 
ot her performers, sitting in the classroom, 
out of their scats. These students would 
have their faces painted white to sy mbol -
ize the death of diversity in education, he 
added. 

Three UCSD profes ors had initially 
agreed to have the skits during their classes, 
but Department of Music Chair/Associate 
Professor of Music Rand Steiger and As-
sociate Professor of Literature Roddey 

See SKITS, Page 8 

Source: San DIeIo Union· T/1Oune 
Aleah GhoIamhossetn/GuMIan 



2 NEWS 

UCSD Residents Win 
'Most Spiritecl~ Award 
CONTEST: Students prove campus' dull 
stereotype i not lOO% accurate at conference 
By Sara Moosavi 
Guardian Reponer 

UCSI) i~ often crit icil.cd hy ~tu ­
dents for lacking unity and M.:hool 
spirit , hence ils nickname "UC So 
Dead." 

The eonrerenceagenda included 
training sess ion~ and motivational 
speakers, as well as a variety of 
socia l acti vilies. such as an award 
hanquet and a dance . 

A role-call competilion allocatcd 
each school 2 minutes' to introduce 
themselves, using a ski t or a dance, 
Mor~ than a dozen UCSD RAs 

defied this ~tereotype Nov. 1-3 
when Ihey won the 
" Most Spirited 
A ward" at a re-
gional Paci lie Af-
fi liate of College 
and University 
Rcsidence Hall s 
(PACURH) Con-
fcrence at Cal Poly, 
Pomona. 

"UCSD just got 
out there and dis-
played our spirit," 
said National 
Communications 
Coordinator and 
Revelle residential 
advisor Oliver 
BUllerick . "We 
were really excited 
to be there, and our 
energy level spread 
to evpryonc else." 

Over50univer-
sities and colleges 
from Ihe west coast 
were represented, 
including schools 
from Hawaii, 
Alaska, and Brit-
ish Columbia. 

Fourlecn .~IU ­
dents, an advisor 
and But\erick were 
among those from 
UCSD invited to 
attend this conICr-
I!nce. 

The 14 st udents 
wlf(e from all Ii VI! 

"ThI.I. the 
sixth 
confer.nc. that 
I'v. been to, 
and It'. by f. 
the beat 
del.gatlon that 
I'v. been 
Involved with. 
By the end of 
the conf.r.nc.! 
.v.ryon. knew 
UCSD, and It 
chang'" our 
1 .... 1.0 
d ........ " 

- OUver Butterlck 
National Communications 

Coordinator . 
PACURH 

to the theme of the 
conference: " Ride 
the Wind." 

"Thi s is the 
si)lth conference 
that I've been to, 
and it 's by far the 
best delegation 
that I've been in-
volved _ with," 
BUllcrick said, 
" By the end of the 
conference, every-
one knew UCSD, 
and it changed our 
i mage 180 de-
grees." 

BUllerick said 
he thought that al-
though living on 
campus can be 
more costly than 
moving off, the 
benefits of living 
in the UCSD 
community were 
well worth the 
money. 

"Li ving on-
campus gives you ' 
many ' opponuni -
tics that may be 
available other-
wise, but not with 
the same conve-
nience, such as 
meeting new 
people, gelling in-
volved in organi-

colleges and were selected by the 
rl!sidential-lifeoflices bascdon the 
following criteria: on-campus resi -
dency, involvement in residence 
life atthcir college and continued 
participation in residence life ac-
ti vities after the conference. 

zations and clubs, 
and just gelling involved with 
school in general." 

As faras UCSD's reputation ror 
apathy, BUllerick says he hopes that 
students will learn rrom this expe-
rience that it is okay to show spirit. 

"Instead oflelling apathy spread, 
school spirit should spread among 
the students. Hopefully, this con-
ference is just the beginning in the 
promotion of school spirit at 
UCSD," Butterick said. 

The purpose of the conference 
was to develop leaders in the lield 
of residence life which, according 
to Bullerick, is "the backbone of 
on-campus living." 

ft' .... ,. .......... ' ... __ ,.. 
... ,.. doll' bawl _11 .... 1 .. 

It •• ,. ..... ~ ....... .. 

a-IlCll PI liP. fdll« In C/I,.' 
..... -....no ..... £dltOt 
&AURA "'1II1II, C., flJl/Ot 

__ : __ 11.7. AUoc"'- CGIIJ fdltOt 
~ laW. ,.., fill/or 

lIMY __ • ,v1OC1Mt ,."..,. fclllvr 
......... ,._ fllltDr 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, November 7. 1996 

ETCETERA. • e 

DO ':10U \-lAVE. W\1AT 
IT TAkfSm BE AN 
ARTIS! IN 1O~&J\'? 

TORMENTED 
ARTISTIC. DILE.t",\MAS 

. 

'T~II(\ 
PhI\a' .1 

• CItlAuI __ CooOI4s c • 
S&&LU ~ IAO\.., 

~~IO"~O. 
,,~~~. 
101 ~UWIf. 

TO~Ak:r 
PClolScT .. 2-
. _--. 

c,o TO PAIlTI!S 
IWOAC-T 
~OI./TIlAGE.OuS • 
~v "Aa:tl$TIC.. II 

TIIlO ~1tt'~TS If'll 
iOR.MeN'T MEE.T 
ON THE. STRe.c.T 

"'OII~ 1"'tO III II ....... \.Of'T IIJ 4 c.t_'1 
"~T of TOI.OIoI. FI" IT 11ft "'Ai'll IT 
~ ... rt ,,,10 ~~ CJ~T ~IIIC!f-O 

~T,,'IK~"""'~ ~,,_~ F.a IIoI'<O~O 
~ISTS .. ,nl .. toll .. T. 10l&0.I . 

BRIEFLY ••• 

Seminar To Focus on Internet, Java 
Do you wipeout every time you surf the net? 
The UCSD chapter of the Assoctation for Computing 

Machinery will sponsor two seminars this month to 
answer your questions about the Internet and the World 
Wide Web. 

The first seminar, an introduction to HTML. takes 
place Monday. November 11. in Room 214 of Center 
Hall. The seminar begins at 7:30 p.m. Instructors will 
demonstrate how to make a personal web page. and 
anyone with an e-mail account is encouraged to attend . 

The second seminar will provide an overview of Java, 
a new wel>-programming language. ~sic programming 
experience is recommended. but not required. 

The Java seminar is on the following Monday, Novem-
ber 18, also at Center 214 at 7:30 p.m. 

IfIHlemol ..... Magazine BrI .... 
Milk Mustaches to UCSD 

You can get your own milk-mustache photograph taken 
at the ' Milk. Where's Your Mustache?" booth on Novem-
ber 12 from noQn until 2 p.m. at the SUl God Lawn. 

The booth is part of the Mademoiselle Life-O-Matic 
Campus Tour and is sponsored by the National Ruid 
Milk Processor Promotion Board. 

Judges from the "Milk. Where's Your Mustache?' ad 
agency will select the winning milk-mustache photo. 

Celebrities who have been featured in similar photos 
include tennis star Pete Sampras, filmaker Spike Lee, 
and supermodels Kate Moss and Tyra Banks. . 

For more Information, check out the milk Web site at 
hrtp://WWW.whymilk.com or call1-8QO.WHY-MILK. 

IEEE Honora Long-Tl •• ScrIpps 
R .... ch.r Fr .... rlck FI .... r 

The Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers 
(IEEE) recently honored Scripps research-oceanogra-
pher Frederick H. Fisher with the IEEE Oceanic Engineer-
ing Society Distinguished Technical Achievement Award. 

Fisher was recognized for his contributions to the 
field of ocean acoustics. Fisher 's research activities 
have included topics related to underwater acoustics, 
Including long·range sound propagation and ambient 
noise. 

His studies led to the discovery of boric acid as the 
cause of anomalous sound absorption in the ocean 
below 1 kHZ. 

Fisher has been at Scripps since 1955 when he 
joined the Marine Physical Laboratory as a graduate 
research physicist and was co-designer of the 355-foot, 
manned Roating Instrument Platform (FLIP). 

UCSD ~ernlty Holds Bone 
Marrow' ...... DrIv. 

Lambda Phi Epsilon will be holding their annual Bone 
Marrow Drive on Monday and Tuesday, November 11 
and 12 from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. in Price Center Gallery A . 

The drive is open to everyone at UCSD. but is 
specifically targeting the Asian community. 

According to Assistant Director of Student Organiza-
tions Randy Woodard • .Asians are among the minority 
group with the lowest percentage of minorities tested 
for bone marrow sampling. 

11M IWIIIIIY. ,vIOCI.,. '-_s f/lilOr 
RAft I'II1IU. OpInion fllllOt lUll _, ~s fllllor 

TYNT: le • .,.. w.n_ 

NICOLI v ...... Co.UIOCI.,. Spotts fditor 
ITIVI WALIII, Co.eMOC'- Spotts fdltor 

ana YOOII. HIMuS fllllOt 
..... PAT1"I?IOII. PftIIto fllllOt 

'Mew ~,,vIOC'- Pttoro Editor 
D-.: ~ GtIpIIIc. £rI/tOf 
WALY _. 0n4n £1IItDt 

AIIW .. I ........... Eddie fSai. MiehMl ~ 
CIIICUU'i1OII a.lTMTI: O .. id !Iu'aelt. PllUip 00_. Pablo Mancuy. 
POlly Hernandez. 8fem Johnson. _n l\a1an 

.... UIIIFIB.D. AdwHTlsinl "'.,..,.r 
111M 1MimIIIZ. MwrIlsinl Art DllllClor 

_ PAR, AM/tIl/tW 0..;," & L8)'DUI 
AllY 0' .... AIM/tISlf1l SMs _",.Hnt.,1Ye 
CIIIItYL IAlYO, AsSlst.m 1u.1nes • ......., 

News/Fe"urn: 534-5226. Genet. Edltorl.: 5~581 
Opillion/Spo<ts: 5~2. HI .... : 534-6583 
lusiMn 0IItce: 534-34M. , .. : 534-7691 

HIIIII: .uerdl~ . .cIu 
0ueniI811 0IIIIl1li: httP:It-.IICSCI.ecIU/1\I8IdI8II/ 

UCSD au ..... , .500 QlhMn Drive 0316, 
L. JoI .. , CA I20I3-0318 -

__ : _ Floor. UC$O -.- c:.n ... -.. ·A· . 11m. 217 

Thur day, November 7, 1996 The UCSD Guardian NEWS 3 

Prospective DC Students Can Now Apply Over the Internet 
SYSTEM: 2,000 
students are expected 
to file electronically 
By Aimee Mackay 
Staff Writer 

For some 50,000 high school 
senior, Nov. I marked the begin-
ni ng of live angst-ridden months-
the liling and waiting period for 
UC applications. 

However, thanks to a new UC 
World Wide Web service called 
Palhways, thousands of students 
may lind the task is easier thi s year 
than it has been previously. Path-
ways allows a prospective student 
to complete and Ii Ie his or her appli-
cation for admission on-line, elimi-
nating the arduous load of previ-
ously-required paperwork. 

Developed in collaboration with 
the UC Office of the Prcsident, the 
eight general UC campuses and 
IBM, UC oflicials expect Pathways 
to revolutioni ze the admissions pro-
cess through the uti liza ti on of state-

of-the-art technology. 
UC President Richard Atkinson 

sa id he believes Pathways "puts in 
the hands of the students cUlling-
edge technology that will greatly 
simplify the application process and 
allow them to file information lit 
the click of a mouse." 

The system allows student to 
deposit academic records, grades, 
student essays and other applica-
tion materials directly on the 
Internet. 

According to UC Director of 
Information Systems and Comput-
ing Jim Dolgonas, Pathways has 
the capacity for receiving tran-
scripts eleclronically from high 
schools that have the appropriate 
technology. This further simplifies 
the process by allowing the system 
to compute the applicant' s GPA 
and other point tallies required on 
the application. 

Pathways is expected to stream-
line the process for administrators 
as well. All applicant information 
will eventually be stored in elcc-

"[Pathways] puts In 
the hands of the 
stud.nts cutting-
ee1g. technology 
that will greatly 
sI.pllfy the 
application proc ... 
and allow th •• to 
file Information at 
the click of a 
mouse." 

- Richard Atkinson 
President 

University of California 

tronic liles and SAT scores will be 
transm itted to UC admi ssions of-
fice ' electroni cally: Dolgonas said. 

Candidates who file eleclroni-
ca lly currently wi II not reccive no-
tification of their admission status 
sooner than those who file by mai l, 
but Dolgonas says that may change 

in the r uture. 
Application costs for those apply-

ing electronically will not drop ini-
tially, although Dolgonas did not rule 
out such an action in the ruture. 

Becauscof concern aboutlntemet 
security, Dolgonas said system in-
tegri ty was an issue Pathways devel-
opers were "very . very, very con-
cerned about." 

Although he refused to go into 
delail. Dolgonas said users would be 
authenticated througn security codes, 
to prevent unauthorized persons from 
masquerading as valid users. 

UC Director or Undergraduate 
Admi sions Carla Ferri said Path-
ways wi II evenlUally enable students 
to access genera l information - such 
as fees. housing and specia l programs 
- normally found in campus cata-
logs and brochures. 

The hope is that the ystem will be 
used by counselors, students "nd par-
ents to help choose which the school 
to which students app ly, and to facili -
tate the application process, Dolgonas 
said. 

Dolgonas estimated that " ten 
years rrom now, 98% of applica-
lion will be electronic" because 
Pathways is so much easier and less 
labor intensive than the traditional 
admissions process. 

However, University City High 
School guidance counselor Sandy 
Madden was more reserved in her 
eva luation of the system. Mo t stu -· 
denl s are still using the paper appli -
cations, she added, although she is 
encouraging students to usc Path-
ways and believes it will eventually 
"catch on". 

The Pathways program was pi-
loted in everal California high 
schools last year. According to Ferri , 
students were overwhelmingly in 
favor of the syslem. 

''They com municated with us by 
leiters. and even bye-mail, indicat -
ing that they rcally like the system," 
Ferri said. 

According to Ferri, approxi -
mately 2,000 high school seniors 
arc expected to fi Ie applications elec-
tronically thi s year. 

Now ENROLLING: SAN DIEGO'S #1 COURSE FOR THE 

S e r vi n 9 the U C.S 0 pre - m e die a leo m m u nit y sin c e 1 985 

* M.D.'s TRAINING M.D.'S-OF-THE-FUTURE * 
• INTENSIVE MCAT preparation & medical school application/admissions assistance are all we do! 
• MCA ~ EXPERTS: an independent program taught by UCSD-trained academic M.D.·s top M D -Ph D d' d ' 
& English Departmenl Ph.D. faculty. ' . . .. can tales, 

• ORIGINATOR, not simulator, of intensive MCAT prep in San Diego. 

·14 ~EEKS (I?O+ hours) of detailed in-c la~ s i~struction & real MCAT testing. problem so lving. reading/writing 
wor shops, review groups, med school application & admissions strategies, & tutoring. 
· ;O~ PAGES of original take-home re~iev: nOles, reading & writing studyguides. MCAT & admissions strategy 

an outs, problem sets, & MCAT-quallty timed practice exams. 
• REAL MeAT TESTING for in-class & take-home practice. 
• DIRECT CONTACT with young UCSD doc & med students. 
• TUTORING, pre-med library & med school application help included. 
• ON CAMPUS at the UCSD School of Medicine. 
• $200 LESS than other courses. 

455-MCAT 



4 OPINION 

EDITORIALS 
Editorial Board 

CHRIS SCHREIBER, Editor in Chief 
JOHN MURPHY, Managing Editor 

NATE PIETILA, Opinion Editor 
TERRY lEW, News Editor 

T1le UCSD Gualdlall IS published lWlCe iI week at the UnrverS:lty of Callfomla, San DIego. Conlents 
Cl996. VIeWS el.p ressed herein represent the m 8Jonty vote of the edltOfiai bolt,d , and are not 

necessarily those 01 the UC Board or Regents. the ASUCSO. nor the entlf! Guard,1)O start. 

Biased Anti-209 Skits Had 
No Educational PuIJlOS8 

There is a big difference between fact and opinion. 
There is also a difference between being non-partisan and 
being unbiased. These differences, however, were appar-
ently lost on the ASUCSD external office and. the profes-
sors who approved of their classrooms being utilized as 
vehicles for anti -Proposition 209 propaganda. 

A.S , Vice President External Alex Tom claimed the 
planned anti -209 skits presented only facts and were 
meant to educate students . He and others also claimed the 
university's statement of academic freedom allows for 
such "educational" material to be presented in classrooms. 

The skits consisted of a performer dressed as Gov, Pete 
Wilson telling students he was revealing his "true agenda ," 
and then removing non-white actors from seats in the 
classrooms and replacing them with performers whose 
faces were covered with white makeup. 

Perhaps Wilson had a secret conference with Tom and 
his staff where he revealed his secret agenda to exclude 
minorities from education . In that case, Tom would indeed 
be presenting "the facts." However, the odds of that hap-
pening are about the same as Bill Clinton turning,down a 
free Big Mac - zilch. These so-called facts are nothing 
more than the creations of certain students desperate to 
force their political agenda onto others. 

The university's statement of academic freedom is 
excruciatingly clear on the subject of politicking in the 
classroom: "Where it becomes necessary ... to consider . 
political , social or sectarian movements, they are dissected 
and examined - not taught, and the conclusion lefl, with 
no tipping of the scales, to the logic of the facts." 

We agree with Professor Emeritus of Political Science 
Sanford Lakoff who said, "[The performers] are showing 
contempt for .academic freedom." Academic freedom is 
about the freedom to follow where reason leads. Academic 
freedom does not give instructors the license politicize the 
classroom environment. 

This biased skit that would have presented the opinion 
of those on one side of a debate does not even attempt to 
conform to these guidelines. Neither logic nor facts 
enrered into the presentations at any level. 

In the future, the A.S. and the professors who wel-
comed the skits should remember that the university'S 
mission is to educate - not indoctrinate. 

1IIata.1 Appeals to Celebiity 
Have No Place in 

At a campaign rally held at RIMAC last Saturday after-
noon, the Democrats utilized a tactic they (and to a lesser 
e)(tent, the Republicans) have perfected in recent years: 
They trotted out a celebrity to rail against the opposition. 

In this case, Peter Navarro and Hillary Clinton wooed 
those in attendance with Christine Lahti, star of the CBS 
television series "Chicago Hope," Lahti, before thousands 
of Navarro supporters, denounced Proposition 209. 

Lahti isn't the only star who stumped for the 
Democr.lls. Other celebrities involved in their qunpaign of 
style over substance included Candace Bergen, who made 
the outr.lgeous a. .. sertions in aTI ad that "If 209 passes, 
we could lose maternity benefits," Bruce Springsteen 
claimed that 209 "will legalize di~rimination against 
women and girls in jobs, education and in sports." 

Hopefully in the future,.voters will wise·up 10 this 
shameful trend in politics - which unfortunately is the 
work of both parties. More likely than not, however, 
today's sound-bite-addicted public will continue to focus 
on who supports a measure or candidale, not the real 
issues themselves. 

, ( 

The UCSD Guardian 
':' 

Thu~~, 'N~v~mber 7, i 996 

PINION 
HAIL TO THE CHIEF 

My FBlDW AME.«I~., 
I "niNJk If" ~ 6/~ 
Mt M .,,,.~ 'Ib 

~ /l+.S yolA "'~T 
~ ~tN, A~t> • f!0I4¥ 

&er ". R'~.rr 1J41S 
""E ~N"! 

CONSTITUTIONAL CRISIS 
WILL BE CLINTON'S LEGACY 
.COMMENTARY: Whitewater, the FBI files controversy and a 
sexua1-harassment lawsuit wi]] paralyze the president's second term 

Nat e 
PIETILA 

The re-election of William 
jeffcrson Clinton marks Ihe 
beginning of yet another desper-
ate period in 
American 
political histo-
ry. I don't say 
this lightly or 
for any shal -
low partisan 
reasons, 

Resident although I 
Gadfly must admit 

------ Ihal I find Mr. 

What If the 

tenced in May on 24 counts of fraud and conspiracy. 
jim McDougat is reportedly cooperating wilh prosecu-
tors in the niatter. But Susan McDougat has opted to 

serve jail time over and above the 
sentence she recei ved as part of hcr 
conviction rather than cooperate 
with a grand-jury investigation thai 
is coming ever closer to impticat-
ing the president and the first lady. 
Perhaps by keeping her moulh shul 
and showing toyally to Ihe presi-
dent she hopes that President 
Clinton will issue her a pardon. 

Clinton's brand of big-government 
politics particularly dislasteful. But 
if President Clinton 's first term is 
any indication, the next four years 
are very tikely to be marred and 
characterized by scandal. 

Bob Dole, to his credit, cam-
paigned hard against the presi -
dent's character. With all his might 
he tried to bring issues about gov-
ernment ethics (or the lack thereof) 
to the center of lhe political cam-
paign. But Dole's effort was very 
much in vain. 

It seems Ihal Ihe American peo-
ple either can'l see or don't care 
aboul ethical lapses al the highest 
levets of government. The 
Whilewater scandal, for example, 
is a complex story to follow, and 

entangling web of 
Whitewater clo .. s 
In on the pr.sldent? 
The most Intriguing 
question then Is 
wbetherthe 
president will 
pardon those 
Involved In 

Of course jusl because close 
associates of the Ctintons have 
been convicted doesn't mean that 
the Clintons themselves have done 
anything wrong. But neither.do the 
convictions show that Bill and 
Hillary are perfeclly honest and 
wrongly hounded victims of a 
politiGal witchhunt. 

Nevertheless, our president con-
tinues to deny that he has done any-
thing wrong. When asked in an 
interview this fall wilh PBS's Jim 
Lehrer if he thought that the inves-
tigation into Whitewater headed by 
special prosecutor Kenneth Starr 
was polilically mot.i valed, lhe pres-

WhIte ... to .. ve 
his own "n. 

ident replied, "Isn't it obvious?" 
The denial of which this president 
is capable is truly astounding. 
People are going to jail over 

most Americans have neither the time nor lhe patience 
to really keep lrack of it. By the same token FiJegate, 
the White House's unaulhorized collecting of confi-
dential FJ.l1 files on prominenl Republicans, made 
hardly a dent in the president's polls. Maybe it's only 
when people stan going to jail that the public (or the 
mainstream media, for that matter) stans to pay atten-
tion. 

But that's exactly what has hapPened during lhe 
past four years. Former Associate Attorney General 
Webster Hubbell is now serving time for defrauding 
his former law firm partners of thousands of dollars. 
James and Susan McDougal and former Arkansas pav. 
Jim Guy Tucker, panners with Bill and Hillary Clinton 
in the failed Whitewater real estate venture, were sen-

Whitewater, and the president still has the nerve to say, 
with a straight face on national television no less, that 
the Whitewater convictions are nothing but pure poli-
tics. Which alternate universe does this man live in? 

Whitewater is also about to catch up with the first 
lady. This past January it was announced by the White 
House that billing records of Mrs. Clinton's long-ago 
subpoenaed by Congress and the special prosecutor 
had mysteriously turned up in the first family's private 
residence. This discovery led a Whitewater grand jury 
to call Mrs. Clinton in for questioning, an event 
unprecedented in American history. Mrs. Clinton 
faces. at the very least, indictment on charJes of per-
jury and obstruction of justice. 

See SCANDAL, Page 6 

Thursday, November 7, 1996 The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

COMM~NTARY~ While poli~ic,ians and some religious groups try to justify their intolerance of homosexua1s 
usmg the BIble, true rehgIOn teaches us to love everyone regardless of how different they may be 

GAY BASHING HAS No PLACE IN RELIGION 
By Aaron CMn by a judeo-Christian religious tra- . . " . 
Contributing Opinion Writer dilion d . t ' h' way tor Jews 10 separate Ihem- acknowledge these command-

. , omman rn t .s country se lves roth . ' d If Ih.s elecLlon cason illustrat- thai monotithically condemns . r m 0 er nallons, an to mcnts , Ihen why don't Ihey 
ed an.ything, it is ' that politician homosexuality. But docs the ~ h?w they had a s.v<:c.1<I1 relauon- acknowledge all the olher Will -
are slIlI too eager to pronounce on Judeo-Christian tradit'on . II ship to GOd: Proh.bll.ons agamst rnandmcnts? There arc ()Ver 600 
issues of personal morality and condemn homosexuatil~? rea y homo~exuality among tl,IC more laws in the Old Tcslamenl 
personal choice. Take the issue of I recently allended a meeling Isr~~htes we~~ merely ways .n thut Ihey s.houtd follow as well. 
homosexual marriage, On sponsored by Campus Crusade for wh.ch. ~he Je.w.sh peopte allelllpted Are we stilt supp()scd III slom: 
September 21 , under cover of Chri t (CCC), the Cenlrallheme of 10 d.t1crenll.ale themsclves from adulterers? Shoutd we kill cvcry-
darkness, President Ctin~on signed which was that homosexuality is a OIhcr nal.ons. body ~ho ha.s .cver cuss:d outthcir 
the Defense of Marrrage ACI, sin Ihat can be remedied like an AnOlher argument used against parents (LeV/I/Clls 20:9)! 
which gave. s, tales Ihe power 10 other. Much of the reasoning (;;. homose)(ualilY is Ihat homosexual- Christians atso cite two 
d ity doesn'l tead 10 procreation. a.T.b· . h N 
.eny recogn.l!.on t.o same-sex mar- lack thereof) behind Ihis gay-bash- Tr I .guous passages In t c ew 

d Ue re .... on does According to Ihe Genesis creation ... t t h h I· nage sanct.one 10 other states. ing SIems from a false and distinc- .. .es amen a oul OIl1(}scxua lIy: I 
Th b'll I not divide I aCl:ouol, God created males and C ' II ' 6 9 11 d I Ti e . I a so defined marriage tively American cqnceplion of peop e. oml IIGII,\' : . an /1//0/11\' 

as a umon between a man and a Judeo-Christian ethics. W femates to multiply on the carth. 1: 10. The Greek words used i·s f~ . I d ' • should aspire to Old Te tament law views any male Ihese pa siS woman, e .ect.ve y eny.ng part- What does the Bible ay about ' S ages are unc car. ome, 
ncrs, of a homosexuals spousal homosexuality? There are two ref- attain "~nlty" rather discharge as Ihe spilling of life. hUI nOI alt, scholars Iranstate Ihem 
Soc.al Securily benefits. erences in the Holiness Codes of tha II.... Notice that the prohibition on the as "sodomile" or '"homosexual." 
I . II h n use r ... on to spilling of life doesn't condemn N"'" h I roo n .• ca y, t e government is quile Levilicus. Leviticus 18:22 stales ew .estament sc 0 ar Robin 

II k allen-. and lesbian sex because women do nOI S b h WI 109 to rna e all homosexuats that it is an abomination for a man ... croggs suggests t al t e words 
S . I S spill seed, But if we were to follow t I'k I t' d pay ocla ecurity taxes, but they to lie with a man as he would with oppre .. otben. mos • eyre er to pc erasly, 

are not willing to let homose)(uals a woman. Leviticus 20:13 states the Old Teslamcnt. both a hetero- where a man takes an active sexu-' 
collect Ihe benefits they are due. that if a man I.·es w.·th anolher man sexual co~ple using contraceptives - al role over a passive call-boy. However, according to biblical and any sm I . h h' l S Politicians claim that their as he would wl'lh age .ma~ WI! out c • - croggs relates Ihe words to pagan 

woman, he scholar Bernhard Anderson, the dren Id be 
views of marriage are backed up shall be put to death , wou smnmg. practices and male prostilution in 

holiness codes we.c inlended as a If religious groups choose to See BIBLE, Page 6 

ACADEMIC INTERNSHIP 
PROGRAM (AlP) 
Midterms almost over? 

Start planning now for winter 
quarter, Apply through Nov. 

22 for a local internship. 
We'll help you find a great 

opportunity in which you can 
gain experience related to 
your academic study and 
career goals. Find AlP in 

Hm, 3255, Lit. Bldg, 
Hours: 8:30012:30, 1~ p,m, 

Closed Wedne..,. at 1 p.rn. 

IEIBllIUIS 
~ <""",I ... ion and initial , ........... S25 .. I .. , 
RaNi_ clima only WidI,hi .. d.Exp. t1 /30/96 
,nlIIIlT 
Ilinp 
IIIIUIU 

NQEVIR 
SI'I CAlif 

112 block 
from VCSD 
IV/axint, 
Frirndly "'6 lOS jIfJ .' l~~~S lexander's 

ELECTROLYSIS 
& Skin Care Clinic 

3212 IIDLlDlY CT. .211 
LI ~DLlA C •• POIAIE CENIU 

(ntn 10 MOOi/ S ...... ) 558-0888 

Ever Think 
About Doing It 
With A Friend! 

I 
i Plan for those i Enroll with a friend in our 12-week 

intensive Professional MCAT Prep Course 
by November 15 and you'll each receive 

$50 off the regular course tuition. 

I " 'TEUYIE\"S! f 
- -- - - - -__ J 

New York 
Boston 
Washington DC 
Chicago 
Paris 
London 
Costa Rica 249 
Mexico City 115 
Cancun $178 
Sydney $489 
_IR..:Il~Aan s.. Die9o_I.cI ....... ~on. . ~ f ... donotrddr 
...... _'" ~~$3mH5 
drpendIrs on claIntIIon a '*'*"'" dW90J po;.; =:. bo9I ~ QIIf t1r Iooa 10_ 

daIineons. CSTI1008Q80.SO 
Tempting, Isn't It( 

'ftyPE,-!/Ea,-':";,,g 
Medical division of THE PRINCETON REVIEW (800 )·MD~BOUND 



6 OPINION 

SCANDAL: 
More controversy 
likely to surface 
Continued from pace 4 

What if Mrs. Clinton is indict-
ed? What if the entangling web of 
Whitewater closes in on the presi-
dent? The most intriguing question 
then is whether the president will 
pardon those involved in 
Whitewater to save his own skin. 
Given Clinton's capacity for denial 
and his tendency to brand attacks 
by his opponents as moral and 
political outrages, it wouldn't be 
surprising to sec the president go 
on live national television and 
announce to the American people 
that he intends to prevent paralysis 
of the govemment by partisan per-
secutions by pardoning all those 
involved in Whitewater. However, 

BIBLE: 
Homophobia is not 
a part of rei igion 
ConUnued from .,... 5 
temples. Like the ancient Jews, 
these prohibitions are best under-
stood as attempts hy Christians to 
separate themselves from the prac-
tices of their Roman oppressors. 

The New Testament referem;es 
are prohihitions against ahusing 
the sexual rights of others. The 
Bihle prohably refers to acts of 
sexual uomination, rape, child 
abuse, lust and pagan worship. 
Biblical writers appear to have had 
no understanding of mutual, con-
sensual, loving relationships 
between adults of the same gender 

!\ 

don ' t expect a Republican 
Congress to sit idly by while 
Clinton trashes the Constitution. 
Count on Congress introducing a 
bill of impeachment. 

But Whitewater isn't the only 
scandal Clinton has to worry about. 
He still faces a sexual-harassment 
lawsuit from former Arkansas state 
employee Paula Jones. Jones 
claims that in 1991 Clinton invited 
her up to his hotel room and made 
unwanted sexual advances. Jones 
also claims that Clinton dropped 
his pants and asked for oral sex. 

The interesting thing about this 
case is that there is significant evi-
dence to back up Jone ' claim. At 
least four people heard Jones relate 
this account within a day or two 
after it allegedly occurred, years 
before she actually filed suit. One 
witness, Pamela Blackard, was 
interviewed recently by Slate on-

like those that exist today. 
Still another argument against 

homosexuality is that it is physi-
cally and biologically wrong. 
Following this argument, our bod-
ies should be treated like temples. 
However, we don't condemn peo-
ple for eating junk food or staying 
in the sun too long. Why should 
we condemn those who find happi-
ness in loving, homosexual rela-
tionships? 

People wrongly use the Bible to 
substantiate their own prejudices. 
The Bible has been used to justify 
wars, anti-semitism, slavery, cru-
sades, racism, discrimination 
against women and many other 
atrocities. The Bible must be read 
in context, with skepticism, using 
logic and experience. The Bible 

Thc.iQ. 

The UCSD Guardian 

People .e going to 
Jail over Whitewater, 
and the president 
stili ha. the nerve 
to say, with. 
straight face on 
national television 
no I ... , that the 
Whitewater 
convictions .e 
nothing but pure 
politics. 
line magazine contributor Stuart 
Taylor, Jr., and she recounts seeing 
Jones "shaking" shortly after the 
incident. One of Jones' sisters says 
that although she questions Jones' 
motive for filing the harassment 

We should not keep 
Judging each other 
on the stereotype. 
of race, gender, 
.. xu" orientation 
or religious 
affiliation. Love 
should not be 
conditional on the .. 
factors. 
must be considered within the con-
text of biblical writers' culture. 

It is wrong for groups such as 
the Christian Coalition to abuse 
the Bible by using it as an authori-
ty to judge or condemn others who 

suit, she docs believe that her sister 
is telling the truth about the inci-
dent. Moreover, in the complaint 
accompanying the filing of her 
lawsuit Jones claims that our presi-
dent has distinguishing marks in 
his private area that corroborate her 
story. Imagine that! 

And if these first four years are 
any indication, count on there 
being more special prosecutors 
appointed to investigate key mem-
bers of the administration. A spe-
cial prosecutor hounded Clinton's 
first Secretary of Agriculture, Mike 
Espy, from office two years ago 
after evidence surfaced that Espy 
accepted improper gifts from Don 
Tyson, head of Arkansas-based 
Tyson Foods. And, at the time of 
his death, the late Commerce 
Secretary Ron Brown was being 
investigated for questionable busi-
ness dealings. A special prosecutor 

are different. Instead, they should 
look at the other passages of the 
Bible that say to love God, to love 
others (even your enemies), to 
help those in need, not to judge 
others (because everyone has 
faults) and to act humbly. 

The CCC meeting claimed that 
homosexuality is about destructive 
and unhappy behavior. On the con-
trary, many if not most homosexu-
al relationships are loving and pos-
itive. 

If homosexuals are unhappy it 
is only because society rejects 
them simply because of their sexu-
al preference. If homosexuals fall 
into destructive behavior it is 
probably because they are made to 
feel guilty for being who they are. 
If homosexuals are happy with 

Th~y, November i, 1996 
is currently investigating Housing 
and Urban Development Secretary 
Henry Cisneros for allegations that 
he made false statements to the FBI 
regarding payments he made to his 
former mistress. 

With all the potential for scan-
dal in Clinton's second term, don't 
be surprised if important issues fac-
ing the nation are neglected. Of 
course, as a Libertarian, I'm happy 
whenever government is distracted 
from meddling in things it isn' t 
supposed to. But if the government 
gets bogged down in constitutional 
crisis, don't expect important work 
like tax reform and entitlement pri-
vatization to get anywhere. Scandal 
is bad for any government, just or 
unjust. So when government 
becomes dysfunctional during the 
next four years, remember whom 
exactly you elected on Tuesday and 
who told you it would be this way. 

themselves and love each another, 
how is that destructive? Why 
shouldn't they be able to marry? 

We should not keep judging 
each other on the stereotypes of 
race, gender, sexual orientation or 
religious affiliation. Love should 
not be conditional on these factors. 

[ should point out that I attend-
ed another meeting about homo-
sexuality and religion sponsored 
by Hillel, the campus Jewish orga-
nization. Their guest was Rabbi 
Sacks-Rosen, who is gay, and who 
commented that the word "reli-
gion" originates from a word "to 
unite." True religion does not 
divide people. We should aspire to 
attain "unity" rather than use reli-
gion to alienate and oppress oth-
ers. 

What's your ~r strategy? If you want to work with this dcadc's top graduates implementing the world's hottest information technology, 
plan to join Oracle. Our ~ solutions are changing the way human kn~ is gathered, stored. retricmt, and utilized. R.:cord sales 
of $4.2 billion and over 40% growth in the last )'QI' alone ha~ put us in an excd.ICnt position to hire - and promote - OYer 100 of the best 

of the Class of '97. If you ~ a BSIMS in Computer Science or En8ineerio8, you could become an Oracle Soflwm: Dcvdoper, Consultant 
or Product Manager and work on any number of advanced. technologies and products, including: 
~ .....,.·AI ....... • 1nIImIt,..... QbIIt:t 0rInId DIll .. FIll 
MIcII QbIIcIs • QbIIt:t 0rInId DIu '. lant Toall DIIdIueId ~. 
EI ....... Ae ..... II. • ..... MAI.... NIIwoi .... 
Up ""' ....... PIacb:II .... CoqJuIIng DlllSlultyAldktln 
LqI ..... a-d PIacb:II DIll WIrIIiau*Ig.,..q VIrtII:II AA* .... 

~ wi/J w;~ tm CIIIfI/'IS NfIIImIi1tr 7th 4NlBth. . 
Sip .111 tht Ozrm CmIw _pick. JIIflTC"!J "-p,,pas III 0rtIde·1III4y. E-M6ikJ I'mRM SI1fmgiy ~ 

ORACLE-
Enabling the Information Age 

Ondr Corpomlaa. 500 Ondr Parkway, Be. 659501, a..t-d ~ CA ~5. FAX (4t5) 506-t073. E-MoiI: joWua,onde.com 
a. ..... 10 .. our WEB SITE It: hap:lIwww.aroduam F.cpaaI almr will oIwp pr ....... apporruniry. 

Thursday, November 7, 1996 The UCSD Guardian 
NEWS 7 

INITIATIVE: DC 
officials plan to bolster 
outreach programs 
Continued from page 1 
continue to honor financial -aid commitments 
made before Proposition 209's passage. Fed-
emlfinancial-aid packages will not be affected. 

Also unaffected by Propos iti on 209's 
passage are outreach programs. on which the 
universi ty currently spends more than $18 
million per year. 

"Now we need to involve the uni versi ty 
more broadly than ever before in schools and 

action into historical perspective. 
"I don 't think we' re ready to abolish 

affirmativeaction,"Okasaki said. "Only three 
decades ago we were still li vi ng with sepa-
rate water fountain ' and lynchings." 

Atkinson stated that while the uni versity 
will comply with the new law, it must con-
tinue to foster di versi ty within its walls. 

"Now we must also look to the hroader 
issue of how, in light of Proposition 209, 
we can be t fulfill our responsibili ties as a 
public uni versity in the nation 's most eth -
nically and cultura ll y diverse state," 
Atkinson wrote. "The question faci ng edu-
ca tion is clear: How do we estab li sh new 

community colleges that 
serve large numbers of 
disadvantaged and minor-
ity students," Alkinson 
wrote. 

UCSD Associat ed 
Students Vice President 
for External Affairs Alex 
Tom said voters "bli ndly 
supported 209," and th~t 
access to higher educa-
tion must be maintained 

"Students wi II not gi ve 
up the light for educa-

paths to diversity con-
~ i s t e nt with the law ?" 

A coalition led by the 
American Civi I Liberties 
Union liled a law 'uit yes-
terday morning to block 
implementati on of the 
proposi tion. The suit. 
COlililion for Ecollomic 
Equi/)' v. Wilsoll. clai ms 
the initiative violates the 

"I don't thlnk'we're 
ready to abolish 
affirmative action. 
O~ly three decades 
ago we were stili 
living with separate 
water fountal~s and 
lynchings. " equal- protection clause 

- Nancy Okasakl of the U.S. Constitution 
Freshman by barring women and 

Thurgood Marshall College minorities from 'eeking 
protect i ve race- or gen-

der-conscious legislation. 

tional acces ," Tom said. 
''This fight for affi rma-
tive action is only the beginning of a longer 
struggle to open doors for education for all ." 

Student reaction to Proposition 209 's pas-
sage was mixed, as it has been throughout the 
campaign season. 

Muir junior Susie Briggs said she thinks 
preferentialtrcatment i wrong for any reason. 

"I think affirmative action was unconsti -
tutional to' begin with and they shouldn ' t 
have started it," Briggs said. "It 's reverse 
discrimination, and two wrongs do not make 
a right." 

Marshall freshman Nancy Okasaki at-
tempted to put the debate over affi rmati ve 

STUDENTS! 

''The anti -affirmative-action law wo uld 
prevent governments from eliminating 
identified, ongoing di scriminati on," Ted 
Wang of the Lawyers' Committee for Civil 
Rights said. 

However, "Yes on 209" campaign spokes-
person Jennifer Nelson said the initiative's 
backers don ' t expect the ACLU's suit to be 
a significant obstacle to it implementation. 

"We totally expected the lawsuits," Nelson 
said. "We're disappointed that the oppo-
nent of Proposition 209 are not ready to 
comply with the will of the people." 

• Large Selection of quality 
AFFORDABLE cars under 
$3,000 

• No high pressure 
salesmen-owner ooe,rAh~r1 

• Guaranteed buy back 
program available for short 
term ownerShip (cheaper 

than renting) 

BUY 
THIS 
AD 

SPACE. 
• Warranties available 
• I .... hou .. financing available 
OAe 

• No hassle Purchase! 
We do everything for you-

DMV, smog, taxes, registration 

CALL NOW! 273-1234 

We're out 
of filler 
ideas. 

.......... 

~ 
114-34 .. 

r, 
AIRTou(H 

, 

i-----------------------. I Hello Royal Thai Patrons at UCSD, 
I My name " Mary Tila. and I am from Royal Tho, CUISine ,n La Jolla We reahze I 
I ~halO C05~5 are IncreaSing and ,t '5 no~ always eMy to go Ou~ for an enjoys!>le meal. I 
I In order to serve you and keep you a; a valua!>le customer. we are offerin9 a I 
I 20% discount off your meal (th'!> excludes oIOher promot,on I 

o,scounts and speCial offers. I.e. lunch and sun5elO !>prcwls). Juet "now us your I 
I ,tudent or faculty ID. We are sure th,s w,lI help. e5p,,'ally during the upGoming I 
I hohday!!. And ask avou~ our Th91 Cookln", CIt15!>e!>-for $35 you al50 get .. four. I 
I COurse dinner " ,IOh champagne. So please Vy. 5how us your ID no enJOY a hot I ~~. 
I and spICy expenence on U5. 

See you .. oon! I 
I ·Mary I 
I I 
I I 
: Royal nai LMisiV\e : 
I I 
I Vilit ou, n.w location In the Gasllmp Qua,'er, 467 Filth Avenue' 230 -THAI I 

·_--------------------__ 1 

Tak a break from midL mlS with 

. Orli Shaham, piano 
Program include.~ works by 

Mozart, BeeLhoven, and Chopin 
Sunday, NovemlJ4!r 10,1996, 3:00 IJ,I1I, 

1IL4.nt.4 Sherwood Aucliloriwu ~ Musewn of COnlf.'IllIJOrary Art SOCI1Y 700 Prosl.Ject Stret!t, La JoHn 
tudenl 2S and under Admitted Free 

to reserve tickets, or for 459 3 
more infor111ation, call - 728 

,.. 

® 
Technology 

Right now, VLSI Engineers are 
creating technology solutions 
for real world challenges .. ~ 

VLSI Technology, INC. is a recognized leader in 
designing and manufacturing application-
specific integrated circuits (ASICs) and 
application-specific standard products (ASSPs), 
From multimedia computers and set-top boxes, 
to digital video and virtual reality games, to 
wireless & network communications, and 
encryption tools, innovations from VLSI will 
make tomorrow's systems a REALITY. 

You could be on the cutting edge of technology 
in the DYNAMIC environment of VLSI. 

we will be interviewing on campus 
Thursday, November 21, 1996 

BS/MS Electrical Engineering majors - stop by 
your Career Services office to find out about the 
broad spectrum of career opportunities at VLSI. 

EOE, M/f'IDIV 



8 __ N_E_W_ S _______________________ Th_e_U_C_S_D_ G_uar_ di_an ________________ Thursday, November 7, 1996 

SKITS: 
UCSD officials say 
presentations are legal 

said the professors did not later re-
voke their permission. . 

poses." 
Howeve r, Student Poli cies 

and Jud icial Affairs Director 
Nicholas Aguilar sa id suc h pre-
se ntations do not violate any 
uni vers it y policy . The 
unive rsi ty 's policy on academic 
freedom allows indi vidual in-
structors the authority to decide 
whether materia l - including 
that about statewide propositi on 
- is relevant to their courses, he 
added. 

presentations on ballot proposi-
tions can be made during class 
time "as long as faculty membf!rs 
can relate it to the course." 

authority to make that initial judg-
ment" 

Continued from page 1 
Reid sa id the A.S. did not contact 
them again and the presentations 
were not made. 

"We were unable to do any of 
them," Tom said. "We had a lot of 
things going on at the same time, 
and it was hard to organize all of 
them." 

According to the UC Academic 
Personnel Manual, an example of 
unacceptable conduct by a faculty 
member is the "usc of the position or 
powers of a faculty member to co-
erce the judgment or conscience of 
a slUdent... for arbitrary or personal 
reasons." 

Unacceptable conduct also in-
cludes "unauthorized use of uni -
versi ty resources or fac ilities on a 
signi ficant scale for personal, com-
mercial, political. or religious pur-

Although an instructor's actions 
can be later examined by the Aca-
demic Senate, the preliminary deci-
sion 10 include the presentations in 
classrooms lies with the instructor, 
Aguilar said. 

"The relevance is in the judg-
ment of the instructor," Aguilarsaid. 
"The view has been that, in the con-
text of academic freedom, the in-
structor has the responsibility [and) 

According to the un iver ity's 
official state ment of academic 
freedom, "Where it becomes nec-
essary, in performing [the) func-
tion of a university, to consider 
political. social, or sectarian move-
ments, they are dissected and ex-
amines - not taught, and the con-
clusion left, with no tipping of the 
scales, to the logic of the facts ." 

Tom would nO! elaborate, hut 
According to Vice Chancellor 

for Student Affairs Joseph Watson, 

"Course content goes to the heart 
of what academic freedom is about," 
said Aguilar. 

Great 
Wee en Esca es 
or as ow as Sl09 

from MasterCard 
and United Airlines! 

Take Off For The Weekend With United Airlines 
And Return Monday Or lUesday To Get Substantial 

Savings When You Use Your MasterCard® Card. 
~-----------------------------~ Weekender Zone Fare Certificate Promo Code: AV0096 
'. I Use Your MasterCard® Card 

Ticket Designator: AV0096 
Travel Complete: May 15,1997 

• I 
For Great Savings On United Air!ines . 

I To make reservations. call United at 1-800-241-6522 or your travel profeSSional. 
• Roundtrip Rates Please reference Weekender Zone Fare Certificate AV0096 . I Witllill ZOlle A or B $ 129 Clnlir. United Airhnes/SllJttle bY United/Uniled Express only. 
I $ 189 ROllI .. : Roundtnp or Open Jaw within the 48 contiguous United States. Be!w(,(,1l ZOII(' A & Zone B excluding travet tMrom IUCO. Bt'tW('l'1l Zone A & ZOIl{' $269 Tmel Dlt.: September 15, 1996 through May 15, 1997. 
I R/.'IW('f'1l Zone B & Zone C $ 189 TRAVEL MUST BE COMPLETED BY MIDNIGHT. May 15. 1997. ncht DateI: September 1. 1996 through December 31.1996. Witllill Zone C $ 109 lit TrftII: 1996: Nov 23-25. Nov. 3O-Dec. 3. Dec. 21 -24. 
I Not valid lor Iravet to/hom IUCO/AK/HI. t997: Mar 22-25, Mar. 29-Apr. 1; Apr. 5-8, 12-15. (Or blackOUlS reslricted on the fare purchased. whichever is more restrictive.) 
• To entoy these low Weet<ender Zone Fares _ plus earn MIleage Plus@! ........ : MusI be oonIirme<l roundlrip In V class: no open segments permined. 

credn on your tnp - lusl call your Iravel professional or Untted to reserve AM_ l'lrelll .. : Within 24 hours 01 making the reservations at leasl 14 VJ your IIlght and redeem your cerllflcale. days prior to depa~ure db To receive these savIngS. use your MasterCard'l' card 10 purchase an MllllllllrnJMllllllltII IllY: Salurday night stay required. 
w [ ·Tlcket'" between September 1. 1996 and Deceml>er 31 . 1996 for travel Mlltl" PI. Ace"II: Yes 
a: between Seplember IS. 1996 and May tS. 1997 Oulbound Iravel must nell ... ,.: E-Ticketing only (electronic IrCketing service~ ~ I II "ht """'If Sat rl"" Rei I I ood II h TlinIStnIce CItarga: All lees. taJces and surcharges, including passenger 
w onglOa e on 'II" s ~"" 109 011 ur_,. urn rave 9 on Ig Is lacillty charges. are 1he responsibility of lhe user and must be paId at ticketing. 
!;c returning on Monday (An exceplron lor travel between Zones A and C, Clnilica" RIIIrIcII_: Accepl original cenificate only Non-extendible. 
u return travel may talle plate on Tuesday) non.comblnable WIIt1 any other coupon. ce~ilrcate. discount. bonus upgrade. 
~ Zone DtfIlftlon: MIleage Plus aW3fd, promotional offers or tickets for group travel. Not ffi ZOIII A - AL. AA, cr, ~C. Dr. FL, GA, lA, IN. KY, LA, MA, MD, ME, replaceable If lost or stofen Protection lor flight irregulanties will be on 
u MI. MN, MO, MS, NC, NH. NJ. NY. OH. PA. RI. SC. TN. VA. VT. WI. WV lJnrtedlShunle by UnitedllJnrted Express flights only. Discount applies to new 5 Zolll • - 10, KS, Mr, NO, NE, NM. OK, SO. lX, UT, WY purchases only Seats are capacity controlled and must be avaIlable In the 

not be sold, banered or purcha~. 
ncbllng Rlllrlctlau: Non·relundable. Nonlransferable aHer tiCketing. 
Changes In origin/destination not permitted. Travel dates MAY BE revalidated 
for $50.00 lee. 

Agency Ticketing Instructions: 
See S·PMAIAVOOt& for detailed information 
Treat as Type 'A' discount coupon 
Fare Basis Code: VE14NWKD 

VE14NWKV 'or travII between zones A" C 
Use Ticket Designator: AVOOIII 
Endorsement Boxes: VALID UAL ONLY/Non-Ref/No Itin 
Changes 
UAL-ATO/CTO Ticketing Instructions: see S·PMO/AV0096 

" 
o ZoIII C - Al., CA. IN. OR. WA reqUired booklflg Inventory at the time reservations are coofrrmed. Coupon 

Not valid for Iravelta/hom IL/CO/AK/HI 1m no cash or retund value and is void If altered or duplicated. Coupon may UNITED MasterCard 

n 
~ 
n 
m 
:c 
:;:j 
"T1 
C'i 

~ 
m 
:I: 
gJ 
m 

I =-1oI~~: I 80165003000021 7 I AIRLINES 
L "'-c:..: AV0096 • .J 
-----------------------------

I 

Surrender to 
Jonathan 

See page 10 
UCSD QUARDIAN ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT NOVEMBER 7 , 19 96 

Stre~t 
1t1~ 
The following movie 
will open in theaters 
tomorrow. 

• Helena Bonham Carter 
and Richard E. Grant star in 
"Twelth Night." 

The following altums 
wll be released next 
Tuesday. 

• Blind Melon will release 
Nieo. 

• Snoop Doggy Dogg will 
release Tire Dogg Fatlrer. 

• Stir will release Stir. 

• Pachinko will release 
Behind the' Green Pachinko. 

• Makaveli (a.k.a. 2Pac) 
will release The DOli Killu· 
millati: The Seven Day The-
ory. 

• Less Than Jake will 
release Losing Streak . . 

• Heavy D will release 
Waterbed Head. 

• Tickets are on sale now 
for Social Distortion who 
will perform at SOMA Live 
with D Generation and 22 
Jacks on Nov. 16 at 8 p.m. 
For info: 220-TIXS. 

• Tickets will go on sa le 
tomorrow for Henry 
Rollins, who will give a 
spoken word performance 
at UCSO 's Mandevi lle 
Auditorium on Nov. 24 at 
8:00 p.m. For info: 220-
TIXS. 

• Tickets are on sale now 
for the Wedding Present 
who will perform at Brick 
By Brick with Versus and 
Mercury Tea Company. For 
info: 220-TIXS. 

• Tickets will go on sale 
tomorrow at 10 a.m. for 
They Might Be Giants who 
will perform at 4th & B on 
Nov. 24 at 8 p.m. For info: 
220-TIXS. 

. • Tickets are on ale for 
George Clinton who will 
perform at the Belly Up 
Tavern on Nov. 20 at 8:30 
p.m. Info: 220-TIXS. 

Irresistible' (F I tt) B ' . Courtesy Warnel Bros 
• rom e assist Sebastian Steinberg, drummer Yuval Gabay, front man M. Eloughty and keyboard sampler Mark De Gli ~ntoni. 

eaded off by M. 
Doughty's spoken word, 
Soul Coughing fuses art 
rock, funk, jazzy drum-

ming and some hip-hop - inter-
jected with unusual samples and 
unexpected arrangements. 
Unli ke many of New 
York's art rock-scenester 
bands, however, Sou I 
Coughing achieves all this, 
and more, in a smooth and 
tight ly-produced rashion . 

Upright bass player 
Sebastian Steinberg's con-
tribution to the "fun ky" 
si de of Soul Coughing over-
whelms the band's new album 
IrresiMable Bliss. In an interview 
with the Guardian. Steinberg dis-
cussed, amongst other things, the 
band 's influences and conquest of 
international audiences. 

Soul Coughing will perform at 

tomorrow 's free TG show, wit h 
opening band Geggy Tah (and 
free beer). The concert will begin 
at 5 p.m. in the Price Cente r Plaza. 
Guardian: The first time I 
played Irresistible BIi~5 in my 

car, your bass blew 
out one of my speak. 
ers. 

Steinberg: I'm so 
sorry! Well, I' ll be t that 's 
not the first time that 's 
happened . Don't blame 
me, blame the guy who 
mastercd the album. He 
actua lly called up our 

keyboard player Mark and told 
him, "I like thi s record! There's 
enough bass on it, finally." 
What else did you do differ. 
ently on this album than on 
Ruby Vroom? 

Well, the biggest difference is 
that Ruby Vroom was a record 

made by a band that was playing 
clubs around New York , and Irre-
sistible Bliss was made by a band 
that had toured all over the place, 
and we had spent our lives togeth-
er in a van. It's sort of like the 
sound got more deep, I think. It 
sort of me lted together a little bit. 
r think it reflects where we were 
when we made il. 
What's some of the weird 
stuff you sampled on Irre. 
sistible Bliss? 

There's an elephant, there's a 
famous perwn, there 's all SOrts of 
things. But I think we were still 
going more for voices on this one 
than on the lasl. 
What were your biggest influ. 
ences for this album? 

We were mOst influenced by 
SUbways, George Jones the coun-
try singer, dub and reggae, the 

See SOUL, Page 16 



HIO HIATUS 

Jonathan Richman 
Artist releases new album 

By Dominique Nunez 
Staff Writer 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, November 7, 1996 

Courtesy of Entertainment Jonathan Richman is doing 
what he enjoys mo~t - perform-
ing in front of li ve audiences. For 

hits, including "Egyptian Reggae" 
and a cover of Joan jell 'S "Road-
runner." His latest album, Surren -
der to Jonathall , includes new 
arrangements of old cult classics, Ultra Bid6: Hide, Satoru and Tada performed at the Casbah on Monday. 

over 20 years, Richman 
has toured and recorded 
albums like a minstrel, 
keeping with the 
medieval tradition of 
performance, touri ng 
extensively for the sole 
purpose of entertaining 
audiences. 

including "I Was Danc-
ing at a Lesbian Bar," 
while adding a fresher 
dimension through the 
use of bass drum, key-
boards and horns. 

Courtesy of Vapor Records 
Surrender to Jonathan: 

Ultra Bide 
In an interview with 

the Guardian, Richman 
discussed hi s new 
album and most recent 

Singer/songwriter will perform at 
the Casbah on Saturday at 9 p.m. Japanese punks on tour 

Whether he si ngs 
ei ther hi s or other artists' songs, 

Ric~l11an asserts that he is exclu-
sively interested in the audiences' 
ability to identify with hi s lyrics. 
He alsu claims to prefer discrete 
audience approval , and resents 
"having his ego fed th rough 
applause and cheers." 

Richman 's long musical career 
has produced major European 

tour. 
GUM'diMI: You've recorded 
over 20 albums - how is 
Su"""'" to JoutIyn dif· 
ferent from the others? 

Richman: I think, hopefully, 
it 's just closer to the sound I want. 
I'm sti ll gelling used to recordi ng 
after all these years. J'm mainly a 
li ve stage performer, and when I 

STATE .. OF .. THE .. ART 
BO!)\ l'.\/U' l'L1\/C, LA JOLLA 

1 

" PERMANENT HAIR REMOVAL 
" THERAPEUTIC MAS AGE 
" PERMANENT MAKEUP 

first staned recording, things did-
n' t come out the way I wanted 
them to. Slowly and hopefully 
they're gelling beller. I think this 
is closest to the sound and atmo -
phere of a record, where I go 
"O.K., that 's what it 's supposed to 
sound like." 
To what type of an audi-
ence do you prefer to play? 

• I really want one thing - emo-
See RICHMAN, Page 11 

By Marshall Shuster 
Guardian Reporter 

Ultra Bide, a trio of Japanese 
punks rrom New York, performed at 
the Casbah on Monday in support of 
their debut album on Alternative 
Tentacles God is God... Puke is 
PLlke. The)and 's screaming guitars 
and slick, quick pounding drum mer 
made an unfamiliar set into one in 
which the eyes of audience could 
not help but be glued to the stage. 

The band began with a sonic 

Remove 
Unwanted Hair 
Permanently! 

Universily- of 88n Die80 

Professional • fa t • safe • comfortable 

r------------------, 
. FREE 15 min. Electrolysis. 
• treatment No o~lil:. t lon . • 
L · First visit onlv . -------------.-----~ 

• Experie~ced Faculty 
• Lecture Courses 
• In-Class Practice Exams 
• You Score in Top 25% or 

Take Next Course Free 

STATE--OF--THE--ART 
.BODY CARE CLINIC 

Test Preparation Courses 
Serra Hall 316, Alcala Park, 

77 0 Ht: rschel Avenue, uite F 
Downtown La Jolla 456.6687 

' A SlATL l.I(,lN ~ [ • ANE~TIIETIC AVAILAIILE 

an a 

San Diego, CA 
92110 

featuring 
,,,-done. /egemJ 
"Buster" Brurm 

Need a lin? MANHATTAN TAP will do the trick I TIis troupe and their cohorts, THE 
HARD BOP TRIO, hove been bri!llling down houses for the post eight years. CrilKs 

love them. Audiences adore them. They're sassy, streetwise, high-Voltage and 
though~ modem, As Donee MagtlZine says, "MANHATTAN TAP is the best 

advertiSement top con hove!" 

Nov •• b., I • SltunllJ • .,. • Mand.vill. Auditlriu. 
1.1 $21 -It. $15 - fIcISIIIIlkCl $11 

UNITED. 
AIRUNES 

~ 
UCSD 

swimming pool of sound and cli-
maxed into a heavy Black Aagish 
riff backed by the roaring Japanese 
accent of lead vocalist Hide. 

Aside from the music, the trio's 
live performance matched its 
dynamic sound. While Hide was 
jumping above stage from atop the 
PA peakers to the stage moniters. 
drummer-vocali st Tada threw cym-
bals orf stage and guitarist-vocalist 
Satoru was playing noise-mak ing 
toy guns into his pick-ups. 

LEA H l'\ T 0 IJ I( E W 
Y 0 l ' ROW N 

BEER 
/lJoj.lj 

Complete 
homebrewlng supplies 
Recipes & education 

578-9405 

• Discount Travel PICks 
• Travel Books, Maps 
• All your Euralt Supplies' 
• Locks. Clblelocki, 

Sleep Sheet, Pack To .... 
T...,a Sport Slndlls 
RaIn GeIr and 
III Accenortes, 

W,'re In P8 /lilt up tile 
....... 1nMII c-.dl Tm" 

1111655 0I11III AWl 
483 ·1421 

OPEN 7 DAYS A WEEK 

MOSIC 
TRflDE~ 

... .. ' ... .,... to. 
Mu.1o TNd ..... ,. M_ c..h 

fop wed CDs. til,... 
........ video. a video .. me.' 

'''' f;'", "" TRADE IN I CDS AMI .. .,. 1 RID U8ED CO" 
... ...-.. ...... 

Grand Opqning (qlqbrotion! 
~ 

(Of,vonlCln t l Of li t Ion) 111 

:.::= .... :;:::: 
........-. 111'''' 
........... JU. 7T17 
-c.t- .... J.I,. 
a..-.. IN.U'. 

. Thursday, November 7, 1996 The UCSD Guardian 

RICHMAN: 
Singer/songwriter 
di cusses tour 

HIATUS HII 

although [ would occasionall y 
throw in othcr people's songs, 
like "96 Tcars and Gloria," and 
Sluff by the Velvet Underground 
here and there. Later, I got into 

Continued from page 10 singing songs made popular hy 
tion. I don't care aoout applause. A Maurice Chevalier and Charles 
lot of times the audience thinks Trenet. So most of the stuff I've 
wc'rc on the same wavelenglh and recorded I' ve made up myself. 
1'111 not happy. They app laud, they Given that you've written 
make a 101 of noise but thcy don't many songs. How do you 
understand what's bugging me. keep the inspiration going? 
They wonder "I really want . I don 't t,ry . to 
"What 's wrong ,'ausc I don I li ke 
wi th Jonathan and one thing - forced stu ll. for 
why isn 't he smil- emotion. I don't example. suppose 
ing'?" It 's 'cause I you got a big 

Pholos courtesy of Asphodet Records 
ullbient": New York City performers OJ Spooky and OJ Raz Mesimai amongst Recombinant '96 line-up. 

want something care about pilla. The first 
clse. I want feel - applause. A lot two pieces you cut 
ing, but that does- without a prohlem 

Recombinant '96 n't always happen. of tim •• the because you' re Is it easier for audience think. real hungry. you to write In we're on the Around Ihe third Spanish than piece, it sti II taste ' 
Sound Traffic Control presents multi-media fest 

in EncIish? same good but you' re a 
I love doing wavel.n .... h and little stuffed. So 

translations into •• around the fourth 
Spanish because I'm not happy." or the lifth , you By Esther Yoon 

Hiatus Editor 
. Sound Traffic Control (STC), a 
San Francisco-based multi-media 
arts assemblage, embraces a philos-
ophy that embodies the 
mutating, multi-cultural 
quality of "21 sl-century" 
musicians and their musi-
cal soundscapes. 

To bring audiences 
into the domain of three-
dimensional audio-
absorption habitals, STC 
- an association of 
musicians, engineers, conductors, 
sound designers and DJs - have 
put in years of research and devel-
opment into a system which com-

bines audio-visuals and technology. 
The central remix system routes 

audio inputs rrom various digital 
playback devices, sculptures, live 
musicians and DJs. A central con-

ductor directs and remill-
es all live musical input, 
and then projects it 
through various mixing 
boards and computers. 

The result and 
prospects of STC's multi-
media research can be 
seen at the Recombinant 
'96 tour, kicking off this 
~eekend in Los Angeles, in which 
various DIs, eyber, dub and ambient 
artists will pool their talents to pro-
duce a styli stically-outreaching 

1/2 OFF 
ENTREES 
With student 10. One 
entree per 10 please 

JOIN US 
FOR 

sound clash. The title "Recombi-
nant" aptly comes from the word 
"recombine." 

Among Ihe anists featured in 
STC's presentation are members of 
New York's growing "lIIbient" 
Underground scene, which 
includes DJ Spooky and DJ Raz 
Mesimai of Sub Dub. The term 
"illbient" combines a Manhallan 
sensibility with the artists' applica-
tions of ambient and dub "mixolo-
gies." Also included on the line-up 
are West Coast DJs the Invisible 
Scratch Pickles. 

The Recombinant '96 tour will 
make its first stop on Saturday, 
Nov. 10, at the American Legion 
Hall in Los Angeles. 

si nging in Span- -RIchman might actllally 
ish is a di fferent force yourself to 
thing, and yes, in eat it because you 
some ways easier. As they say in don't want to waste it. To me the 
Spanish, how we speak is how we best song is going to be the first or 
think. Period. /t 's nol as easy as the second piece. 
thinking in English but when I What do you think of peG-
sing in Spanish I am definitely in pie IabeHng you as a post. 
the Spanish mode of thought. modem rocker? 
You've covered many I don ' t evcn know what that 
other artists' son&s. When means. If I was going to fccl c1us-
was the first time you cr to anything that was being 
wrote a song that you felt done now, it would the sluff that 
was entirely your owa? Los lobos docs acoustically in 

I started out singang my own Spanish. To mc, in a lot of ways 
songs. I sang other people's songs that 's the closest thing I'm trying 
later. I was making up my own to dn with rock music or what.:v-
song~ arou nd agc 19 and 20. er it is. But I'm not entirely likl! 
Thai's what I mainly did, that ei ther. 

MON-FRI 
4-8 PM 

enjoy our award 
winning 

COMPLIMENTARY 
VISIT THE ONE PLACE YOU'LL 

AT I EAST HAVI A SHOTI 
WE L L SeW IN E S FOOD BUFFET 

MARGARITAS C!aJ 99 
DOMESTIC BEER \J • 

PI NTS each 

4303 La Jolla Village Drive in 
. 

457-4170 

I sn't it tirnt' to irnprpss that spt'cia[ SOIT)('()flt' 
With your poi~, your cunning, your !.tarnina? 
... wt'n, rnaybt' JU!.t your starnincl, 
Acct'pt tht' chaTIengt' of laser tag at 
UlJRAZONl - tht' action advt'nturt' that 
win changt' your life. Experlenct' the dati<, 
tht' fog, tht' incrt'diblt' rnU!.ic, tht' multl·level 
gornt' arena. Comt' play tag In our 
playground - iht' Adrffialint' Playground: 

ULIllAZONI - The UIIimaIt t- AdvtnM •. 
GWoas.-. . 114l .... _ .... loo0i0gD, (.\ . """" HI·OI" 

r--------------, 
ONE FREE GAME 

fIISl._ PLAYaS CIIl 
v ... _ .... 9'""''''' ""'_ 

""'" or ..... R to rho c""- bolo. ,... pI.ry 

----
........ 1.1 ..... 

._-
.......... L __ '!."' ~~ ________ .J 



HI2 HIATUS 

Chuck 0 
The Autobiography of ... 

Mtrcu" A.conls 

-•• *. 

Don't call It a comeback - call 
it the beM comchal:k of the year. 
Contrary to what many critil:~ 
expected from hi ~ lir~t album, 
Chuck D'~ liN ~ol() project, Alllobi· 
1If(l'apiIY of Misru Chuck, i~ a ~uperi­
or manife~tation of hip.hop through 
rap mu~k . The lead rapper for Puh-
lic Enemy, one of the mo~t impor-
tant musical groups of our genera-
tion, has once again put IOget her an 

almo~t perfect combination of bcat~, 
rhymcs and life. 

For all Public Enemy and hip-
hop fa ns, this alhum leaves nothing 
to lie desired but the inclu~ion of 
the rest of the group. Allrobiowa-
p"y of M iSla C""ck has Chuck 0 
hringing the noise once again, with 
hi s trademark booming voil:e over 
rough, hardcore tracks. He still 
deli vers powerful messages and 
commentaries on every song, and 
even drops the familiar sports 
metaphors ("I need my noise like 
Patrick & Barkley need rings"). 

What i~ missing on this alOOm, 
like the last two Public Ene my 
alt>ums, is the ocats hrcaking any 
new ground - something for which 
the group and their producers, the 
Bomb Squad, were once known. 

Ho~ever, this time around the beats 
(cAginccred hy various producers, 
highlighted hy Isaal: Haye~ and 
Bomh Squad member Em: "Viet-
n,lIn" Sadler) are ~Iammtng III the 
~ tereo or the car. and also up-to-datc 
With hip-hop today. 

Chuck 0, Puhlil: Encmy Num-
h~r One. has on~c again madc 
mu~ic that will make you laugh, cry 
"nd most importantly, think . 

-Ben)1 Chang 

The Thin! Sex 
Card Carrym' . .'. 

Ch.I .... /C.~·AII AICOIII II -••• 
The Olympia, Wa~hinglOn ­

hased fcmale trio, The Third Sex, 
arrives on a recent wave of Power-
ful le~hian -themed hands rocking 
the We~t Coast. On its new album, 
Card Carry'in ', produced hy Donna 

Dre~ch of Team Dresl:h - yet 
another militant lesbian band -
The Third Sex nearly out-punks 
amJ out-rol:ks i t~ peers. 

Inspired by bands like Bikini 
Kill and the defunct Slant 6, The 
Third Sex is driven by splintering 
vocals, distorted punk guitar and 

ba!.~ and fast -paced drumming 
(offered up by drummer Killer). 

Vocalists Trish Walsh and Peyton 
Marsl1a ll banter back and fOrlh 
throughout di fferent parts of the 
album, someti mes in Frendl ("Un 
Deux Trois CATI") and sometimes 
th rough indiscemible wai ling 
("Bella"). Walsh's husky vocals and 
Marshall's girlish screams comple-
ment each other in I'ery retorts. A 
laste of the album's sharpest rants 
include, "I know we don't love each 
other/I'm nOl your hole to f*ckland 
I'm not your I"eking good luck" 
("Your Good Luck"). 

The album 's tightly-produced 
songs Iluctuale in pilch and rhythm, 
swinging from mclodil: vocals 10 
angry yelps, and moody, poppy gui-
tar and ha~s interrupted by sporadic 

hurst~ of thrashy punk. Nevcrthc-
le~s, the band i~ at ih best when it 
plays fa~tcr. angner and louder. 

Und ubted ly, The Third Scx 
will he in il s grcatei>t clement in 
li ve performance. The bu'nd will 
perfo rm at the oul Kitchen in EI 
Cajon tonight at 8 p.m. 

-Esther Yoon 

The UCSD Guardian 

June of '44 
Tropics and Meridians 

TOUtll .... Go 

-....... 

The Chicago-based ensemhlc 
June 01 '44 introduces their I>econd 
album, Tropics and Meridian s, 
with wings of fire . 

The album il> reminiscent of 
past projects Rodan and Hoover, 
combining heavy, moody riffs with 
an elegant orchestration. 

Unlike the conventional 
verse/l:horus/verse format of rock 
music, June of '44 combines ele-
ments of classical composi tion 
and punk into lengthy songs, each 

, of whieh exceeds seven minutes_ 
Tropics and Meridians contains 
only six songs. 

The opening piece, entitled 
"A nisette," begi ns with a punchy 
bassline along wi th a tr ibal drum 
beat that will send Y9u to the 
record store to pawn your used 
Alice in Chains CD's. 

The third piece, a l:himey gui-
tar ballad entitled "Lawn 
Bowler," could easi ly pass as a 
"Barbare lla" soundtrack for the 
'90s. 

Tropics and Meridians ends 
with "Sanctioned in a Birdcage," 
a noisy piece that elicits a belated 
last call for slow danci ng. 

For those looking for some-
thing with which to sing along, 
buy an Oasis record. Tropics and 
Meridians is an album for those 
people looking for a modern 
answer to Black Sabbath. 

To others wondering when they 
will get another chance to see a live 
band as good a~ Drive Like Jehu. 
June of '44 will perform at the Ca~­
bah next Wednesday wilh Thre~ 
Mile Pilot, Rex and Hemlock. 

-Marshall Shuster 

Rex 
C 

SoutH,n "ecor~s 

-***-

The slow-core sound of Rex is 
heing compared to the likes of other 
indie-rock band~ sUl:h as Tortoise, 
Idaho and Codeine (who also shan: 
drummer Doug Scharin with Rex). 

However, C's experimental and 
hypnoti c sound emerges from the 
unconventional attitude taken by 
the Brooklyn-based foursome_ As 
the fourth release by Rex in less 
than one year, the album simply 
titled C will undoubtedly provide 
the indie scene wi th an entirely 
new sound and dimension. 

The II -song album submerges 
the listener into an ocean of despon-
dence that is pleasantly awaited and 
welcomed. The deep, lazy murmur 
of Curtis Harvey's voice, coupled 
wi th the delicacy of the slide guitar, 
cello and deliberate drum beats, 
makes for an extremely intimate, 
borderline-ambient resonance. 

Rex breaks away from the usual 
chemistry of indie-rock and pop-
punk with the release of C, as they 
venture into a less disciplined and 
unrestrained sound. Such refresh-
ing creati vity is evident in the 
opening song, "Nothing Is More 
Honorable Than You," which spans 
eight enchanting minutes. This par-
ticular song single-handedly stress-
es exactly what Rex wishes 10 
leave behind and what it is they arc 
striving 10 attain mu ically - a 
sound that is loose and open for 
interpretation. These are melodies 
in which the li stener could easily 
lose themselves. 

Rex will perform at the Cashah 
next Wednesday with June of '44, 
Three Mile Pilot and Hemlock. 

-Undsay Harris 

Thursday, November 7, 1996 

Do or Die 
Picture This 

Rap-A-Lolilloo TryU 

-** .. 

Do or Die's new album, Pic-
/lire This, can be summed up in 
three phrases: "Crackin ' 40'1>," 
"Cappin ' *ggas," and "Smokin' 
Dank." 

If you're looking for complex. 
metaphor verba li zed by skilled 
emcees, the next level of beat pro-
duction, or just some conscious 
rhymes on a hardcore hip-hop 
album. PiC/ure This is not for you . 

But if you are in the mood for 
some good old-fashioned (old, as in 
played out) pimp lalk, laid over 
tight arrangemenls of some South-
ern-sounding funk, then definitely 
pick this one up_ 

It would be too easy for any true 
hip-hop head to dismiss thi s album 

. by the rap trio Do or Die solely as 
the typical, wanna-be, Southern-
fried gangslas. The boys from 
Chicago renect more in their 
sound. Their ratber harmonious, 
pseudo sing-song delivery on sev-
eral songs recall other talented 
Midwest rap-stars Crucial Conflict 
and Bone-Thugs-and-Harmony, 
and that accomplishment deserves 
some credit. 

The album also features appear-
ances by the world 's fastest -rapper, 
Tung Twista. Back around 1992, 

See DIE, Page 13 

Excellent 
Good 
Fair 
Weak 
Poor 

***** 
**** 
*** 

** 
* 

. Thursday, November 7, 1996 The UCSD Guardian HLATUS HI3 

DIE: 
Wannabe South~ 
ern gang ta 
Continued from page 12 
during the wave of con-
sciousness in rap, the Chica-
go native got props from both 
cast and west coasts for drop-
ping Muslim knowledge with 
hi s amazing verbal agility. 

But on Picrllre This. it 's 
difficult not to imagine the 
word "bandwagon." as both 
Tung Twista and Do Or Die 
utilize this album and their 
skill s poorly, going on and 
on about the same old "pim-
pology_" 

The only good news 
about the lyrics is that they 
say them so fast, you proha-
bly won't catch them. 

Although it's true that Do 
or Die doesn 't have much to 

"If you're 
looking for 
complex 
metaphor 
verbalized by 
skilled emcees, 
the next level of 
beat production, 
or Just some 
conscious 
rhymes on a 
harcleore hlp-hop 
album, Do or 
Die's Picture 
Thl. I. not for 
you." 
say besides 'the usual gun-
talk that permeates com mer-

cial rap today. the album is 
full of songs thai contain 
exce llent production hy 
Traxster and Mike Dean -
which really place Ihe 
album above those or the 
group 's peers. 

If they had not used the 
very sampled-out "Comput-
er Love" by Roger Trout-
man for the 'last song's 
bassi inc, it (;Quid be said 
th at the album 's producers 
deserve some extra credit 
for an all original produc-
tion . 

All in all, if y·)u 've heard 
the group's current hit single 
"Po Pimp," then you have a 
really good idea of whal the 
entire album PiclUre This is 
like: j ust one of those jeep-
slammer albums Ihat you 
can bump in your ride if not 
elsewhere. 

-BenJI Chang 

1. Jon Spencer Blues .. _ , Now I Got Worry 11. Rex, C 
2. Luscious Jackson , Aura In .. _ 
3. Creedle , When the Wind Blows 
4. Schism, (7'') 
5. Antom de Lucie, (sit) 
6. Frogpond, Count Toten 
7_ Knapsack, (7'') 
8. Future Sounds of ... , Dead Cities 
9. Paulo Braganen, Amari 

10. Dub Narcotic Sound ... , Ship to Shore 

12. Seely, Julie Only 
13. Dirty Three, Horse Stories 
14_ Scenic, Aquatica 
15. Bad Brains, Black Dots 
16. Kactus, (1") 
17. Ed 's Redeeming Qualities, Fish and ... 
18. Nerdy Girl , Twist Her 
19. Cranes , La Tragedie 
20. Emily's Sassy Lime, (7'') 

KSOT, UCSD's student-run radio station, can be heard on 95.7 
Cox cable, Southwestern channel 41 and Cable 18 on-campus. 

. , 

"--- ' iliUow'~8"rick~01d ----. 
: ·7 ···· n ' . "'FAMILY AMUSEMEfilT CEN~ERS • 
: BUY 4 TOKENS ••• GET : 

: FREE: 
OKENS o..e ... "' ............. . Exp 11121196 . 

e 
uardian 

needs 
ad reps! 
Call 

, " '. ·''''''''1 ' , -~ 
......... - - - - - - :i! the UTCi. F~!(Cour~ a:A:.I ......... 

/, 
A IRToU(H 

, 

50% OFF CELLULAR SERVICE. 
$8.47 A MONTH AND 19 1 d~ PER MINUTE, 
It really is as good as it sounds. Call 1-800-AirTouch. 

c ........ 184b Marron Rd. · CInntlMeunUi"lMtdI, 111)'1 RanchoC4innel Dr ' [fe ..... , 151) N M"'¥1Oj,,, 'I~, )440~. Dcl Ugo Blvd 
1(1"", M~ 5101 Con~oy SI . • "at'" Cit1. Ibl5 SWfttwilttr Rd . SIt 0 • IN" Town 1851 S.n Ol~ Pow • s.n .... V.It, ".SO Scranton ~d 

'CuSlome,s Wn IC" IQI~ate on a~ CUffMIIY-ilvll,lalJle Annual Plan bffltl'l!!fl 11/1/96 and 11/30196 wili /teel"! it !.O~ dlscoun! !10m Ine plan s usual monlhl, aCtIn 
1~~d'c:i~~~~::~!~~~~~Q'~~911~:~~ ~1JI~afl~~!n:lt:.r c~~:n,: ~~o~,~e:: I~I:~:10~~: ~~~~~:~!,'~,~~',V:ci~,~ e~~~~d~~ ~~~e~:~~ ::::r b~,r;g:~~a::S 

You've got a lot to grin about when y u use A'ffiT or an 
A'ffiT niver al MasterCard •. Like an A1&TTrue Rewards· 
Member Benefit Card.Ju t nash it and: 

• Sam Goody/Musidand gives you a 15% di count 
on CDs and cassettes. 

• "TCBY·· Treats gives you a freebie after you buy two. 
• BLOCKBUSTER VIDEO· make your third mo\'ie 

free, when you rent two~ 
• Amtrak lets your companion travel for 25% off. 

But True Rewards is just one part of our special 
college package. Here are some more: 

To sign up for the A1&T True ~ Program, call 
1800 654-0471 

AM 
Your True Choice 
http://www.an.comIcoIIege 

• 



TODAY 
november 7 

The Third Sex will perform at the 
Soul Kitchen at 8 p.m. For infor-
mation, call 579-3627. 

Arche,.. of Loaf, No Knife and 
Magic Dirt will perform at the 
Casbah at 8:30 p.m. For informa-
tion, call 232-4355. 

L-7, Tanner and Degeneration 
will perform at Porter's Pub at 
7:30 p.m. For information, call 
220-8497. 

FRIDAY 
november 8 

Spnlll Monkey, the Humble 
Oodl and the Grabbe,.. will per-
form at Brick By Brick at 8 p.m. 
For information, call 275-5483. 

RUII" scon and HII Red Hots, 
Moonshine Willie and the 
SmHh's Ranch Boys will perform 
at the Casbah at 8:30 p.m. For 
information, call 232-4355. 

Orlllam Parlier and the flggs 
will perform at the Belly Up Tav-
emat 9: ~5 p.m. for information, 
cal 481-9022. 

o.c.mpusl"'kl&i 
TGif with Soul Coughing & 

Courtesy 01 Island Records 
Jan guitarist Ronny Jordan will 
perform at the Belly Up Tavern on 
Sunday at 9 p.m. 
Geggy Tab will perform at 5 p.m. 
in the Price Center Plaza. For 
information, call 534-5259. 

SATURDAY 
november 9 

Jonathan Richman, the Mln-
sIrels and SkId Roper will per-
form at the Casbah at 8:30 p.m. 
For information, call 232-4355. 

The Royal Crown Revue will per-
form at Brick By Brick at 8 p.OI. 
For information, call 275-5483. 

Cymll tauper will perform at 4th 
& Bat 8 p.m. For information, 
call 231-4343. 

ManhaHan Tap will begin at 8 
p.m. in the Mandeville Auditori-
um. For information, call 534-
4090. 

You \vould· 
lO create 

like 

.... -----

Yacintosh. ~ore versatile than ever. 
We don't know what you're '*"<Ing. That's Why we make MIc:i 1IoIh· 
computers 80 V81'88111e. WIth word RlOcIlIIng, to help you express 
yourself. WIth cutting-edge ~, to help you create. And easy 
Internet access, to help you explore. So how do you get started? Just 
vieit your campus computer IIDr'I today and pick up a Mac: 

our mark.. 

Oh , . COUr1I!sy of Twentieth Century Fox 
, Romeo.: Claire Danes and Leonardo DiCaprio star in modern remake of "Romeo and Juliet. ' . 

Romeo and Juliet 
, Young stars bring modern twist to Shakespeare 
By Esther Yoon 
Hiatus Editor 

A modem selling and young 
actors offer a challenging back-
drop for the original dialogue of 
William Shakespeare's 
"Romeo and Juliet." 

Nevertheless, the 
casting of Claire Danes 
and Leonardo DiCaprio 
- both actors of 
extreme talent - in the 
title roles indicates 
some direction for this 
film. "Romeo and Juli-
et"'s only saving grace arethe con-
vincing performances of Danes 
and DiCaprio, whose roles on the 

screen make the storyline tran-
scend time. 

Shakespeare's tale of the star-
crossed lovers and their feuding 
families, the Montagues and the 

Capulels, is carried out in 
mythical Verona Beach, 
which nearly resembles 
Venice Beach. 

The families squab-
ble while the young 
lovers secretly ensue 
their romance. 

The Capulers and 
Montagues baltle in 

gang warfare, wreaking havoc on 
the streets of Verona Beach. 
Romeo and luliet naturally find 

themselves caught in the middle 
of the fighting, in which lies the 
tragedy behind the slory. 

This very-hyped production of 
"Romeo and Juliet," also stars the 
likes of John Leguizamo, in a very 
humorous and winning perfor-
mance as one of the Capulel boys. 

However, this production of 
"Romeo and Juliet" offers up 
more confusion and comic relief 
than tragedy. The cast of charac-
ters includes a motley assortment 
of young actors who seem mis-
placed spouting Shakespearean 
dialogue. Even more ineffective 
are the choppy scenes and blaring 
music in the background. 

, " I ' 
, J j 'I I I ' 
, ,\, ~ , ~ 1 

l)1ursday, November 7, 1996 The UCSD Guardian HIAWS HI5 

Set It on 
Disgruntled women pushed over the edge 

By L.a1leWan. 
Guardian Reporrer 

"Set It Off' is part of a recent 
ons laught of films featuri ng 
strong' females in lead roles. The 

the drastic response of violent 
crime. Through a female per pee-
tive, the movie cQnveys the frustra-
tion of being poor and misunder-
stood. 

. movie elC;plores the li ves 
of four young black 
women who have grown 
up together in the worst 
ghellos of inner-city Los 
Angeles. 

These women, Frankie 
(Vivica A. Fox), Cleopa-
tra (Queen Latifah), 
Tisean (Kimberly Elise) 

. 

,- • 

-.... 
.. 
.. 

• 

. . :- .. .. .. ,- .. , ~ ... -· . · , 
· . 

':-
., 
· . 

' . ....-. • 
............ • • 

The lack of opportu-
nities and accumulating 
frustration with being 
taken advantage of by 
both men and women 
alike combine to push 
thi s group of ladies 
over the edge. 

It is only after Stony 

and Stony (Jada Pinkett) have been 
damaged time and agai n by soc i-
ety. 

loses her brother in an 
accidental police shooti ng, 
Frankie is unduly fired from her 
job and Tisean loses her baby to 
government services that these 
women make the decision to 

A string of coincidental and 
tragic, events leads the women to 

La Jolla 
EyeCare 

Optomotrlc Como, 

• Clll/tact UIMed • Eye E"Ca/ruJ • 
• FlltlhiOIl Ey,u'ellr from Neo.'ty/e, ell /, ·ill K/eill, Arl1l{/lIl~ Glle~" • 
LATEST CONTACT LENS TECHNOLOGY 

Dr. Matthew Gentile 
Optometrist 

• We use the most 
recently available 
contact lens designs 
and materials. 

• If you have dry 
eyes; astigmatism, 
or comfort 
problems, we can 
help you with these 
newer lenses . 

'Professional fees extra 

Fall Special! 

FOR DRY EYES 

proclea1;.. $1100 
THE WErrfST SOFT LENSES ""LAILE 

FOR ASTIGMATISM 

Preference Torlc 
CAISP OfTICS. SU'EM COMFOAT 

GAS PERMEABlES 

Menicon 5F-P 
THE HIGHEST oxrC;:(N PEIt""EA81E 
l£HSU AVAuau: 

FOR UV PROTECTION 

P'~,E(I.S.l.QN. w.. 
UV ASSORSING Oll~OSASl.ES 

NeMUes' 
1>0 " I CCl lII" C r l l .... [. 

AfTEIil MFG. ~.E.aAr() 

CALL 
FOR 

PRICE 

$900 
(4 BOXES) 

75 f1 
4 BOXES 

4150 Regentd Park Row #160 @ Re.qentJ Med Ctl'. 
Minutes from UCSO near Baltimore Bagel and Ben & Jerry'. 

450.9400 • Mon-Fri • 9 a .m . - 6 .m . · Sat. bat . 

H".,., · 
111111, Fn "\(1/ 
, ... ~"'" n,f'J Uf'fIf-7blff'l 
9 • ...,"'" I"" 1/"",.' ",. 

IpI'/If lu(lJl/hl,"hJ 

HH{j \'111" fA},'I" Dr 
ltl Jollel ~'IIIt1fit' eelltel' 
j\ i.'tIr Klllko' 

HAIR 
SKIN 

NAILS 

Style From YOUNG 
AnlTUDES and This Ad! 

Men 's & WomelL 's Cuts 

$5 OFF 
R<'lI U2·S27 t'a/u/lllln S<II'1lh. Dtllllell~ f: .IIlcbelle 

Fo':·457·3334 

become felons . 
"Set It Off," directed by F. Gary 

Gray (of "Friday" fame), is a com-
pelling movie that could have done 
more to keep the audience's atten-
tion. 

The relationships between the 
women are highly believable and 
touching, but the movie still fal -
ters during a disappointing array 
of melodramatic action 
equences. 

The film takes on far too many 
characters, and the four leads have 
separate stories that soon become 
tiresome to follow. However, the 
drama should be commended for 
ponraying life and relationships as 
they are in real-life - never do the 
exchanges between the friends 

CourteSY of New Una Cinema 
ContpirtnC:(From left) Pinkett, Elise, Latita and Fox star in "Set It Off.· 
seem contrived or tommercialized. 
This trend toward realism can espe-
cially be een in Cleopatra, a les-
bian who is completely open, 
assenive and loyal to her loved 
ones. 

There is no shortage of con-
veyed strong messages in "Set II 
Off." Nevertheless, t~ere are no 
solutions oO·ered. This lack of hope 

• 

makes the enrire rebellion appear 
useless, and it produces a sense of 
fu tility and despair that is not eas-
ily shaken. 

"Set If Off' i a worthwhile 
movie that illustrates the beauty of 
friendshi p. but di ssol ves when the 
numerou , unreali stic action 
sequences become too over-
wheJming. 

I ' 

UIC , 
somebody call 

a doctor!! 

The MCAT is too important to prepare for with an untested hybrid. 
While our competitors are learning how to work together, Kaplan's 
team of medical experts can teach you-right now-how to get Into 
medical school. In fact, we 've put more students into med school 
than any other organization. Go with the sure thing. Call Kaplan 
today to enroll and to receive our free Science Review Sampler. 

the nation's # 1 MeAT course 

KAPLAN 
1·800';KAp·TEST 

www.kaplan.com 

u 
~ 
.. 

;S 
'0 

~ 
IV 
E 
~ 
S 
.. 

!! 
~ 
u 

~ 
• 

• 



HI6 HIATUS 

..k UCSD UNIVIIISIIY Evan 0 .... ~ .......... 

wlotl_IaI_, 
GLove" Special Sauce 

Sunday November 17 
RIMAe Arena, UCSD 

TIcIoIIa ....... UCSD Prtc. c-.... 0IIIe1 
..... • or Chorp by ........ llO-TIXS 

hap:/1www.dmbUld.com 
PIIODUCID.Y .. LL IILVA ..... NTS. U~AIUCSD 

,.. more .,., 0 1W!p:/1www&"'-.com 

The UCSD Guardian 

.L' 'J1Je Ro~rt ~ SoniA Hamburger Family ~~ ~ Endowment Chamber Muric ·Serie. ~ 
- 22nd Se •• on olIL. UCSD CL.ml.er Mu.ic Seri •• _ 

SPECULUM 
MUSICAE 

"".. M/: '"-• .,. • lit 
... " ........ : ..,.,.., .... 
... 1rItIJr. .... ,. ... 

... '-1:,.,.".. .. ~a __ t 
--r:.1Mi':""''''""" t:IMIII«.",... 

November 17 • Sunday 
'" • .. - ............ 1tarI_ 

I.A. $20 • ....., ......... $1 ...... S5Hor 
... u~ ... .., ...... FEI 

UClD In 1fficI: 534-1487 
~;;:~ 
----:=-__ = ...... 0,;;;;-... -0;.. _ 

SOUNDGARDEN 
RafT FROM THE CRYPT I P. 

December 4 - San Diego Sports Arena 
DOORS OPEN 6:00PM • SHOWTIME 7:30PM 

.. (eHAItCI. IY PHON. UO-TIX. 
Tow.r Rlcords • Wh.rohou ... Blockbuster Music 
Rllmo L.llno • RObinson. - M., • ell Stores 

Tickets also available at the 
Sports Arena Box Office 

Produced br Bill Sil •• Pre...... ht1p :llwww.billsllvapresenls .com 

Thursday, November 7, 1996 

SOUL: 
Band will perform 
at tomorrow's TO 
ContInued from pc. 9 
Replacements, Stravinsky ... 
How about hip.hop? 

Well, no. ] mean, Doughty was 
really into hip-hop, and I'm nol 
really. Yuval [the drummer) and 
Doughty are Ihe guys most into it, 
and more into the "groove" aspecl 
of,il. Doughty (;omes from more of 
a spoken-word/punk sort of back-
ground, and hip-hop just seemed 
kind of like a nalural solution, 
because he and the rest of us like 
stuff that sort of grooves. But we 
never tried to be like a hip-hop 
band at all, ii's just one of the 
things that come out in Ihe whole 
mix and sometimes it comes off 
sounding like we're hip-hop. 
Which sonls from the 
album do you like perform-
inc best? 

Wow. That's difficult. Well, if 
you had a bunch of kids, which one 
would you like best? Actually, it 
depends. Different songs lake on 
different vibes, and some of the 
songs sound really good live, and 
that always changes. But, right 
now, all the songs are sounding 
really good. "Super Bon Bon" is 
always, always fun to play. We 
recorded Ihe album live, so there's 
Ihe Sdme kind of chemistry going 
on, but some songs come out dif-
ferent on certain nights. Do you 
have a favorile song from our 
album? 
I love "Super Bon Bon," 
too. What inspired SOllIe of 
the darker tt.mes In some 
of the songs? 

It was the way things were. A 
lot of Ihe stuff we wrote about 
were also dark subjects 
approached in a very light-hearted 

mann~r. Being on tour can be a 
very dark experience because you 
fee l very alienated from a lot of 
things, and your whole existence is 
basica lly in a Slate of arrested 
development. You sort of spiral 
inward , wonder if you ' re girl-
friend 's still even living in the 
same place or anything. It sort of 
reflecls a lot of inner turmoil. Ruby 
Vroom reflected a different band, 
that maybe twenty people would 
go out to see, and now it's bigger 
than that. 
..... '. been the most inter-
.. tine part of yOW' tour 10 
f.1 

We've been pretty international 
ever since we released Ruby 
Vroom, actually. There's been a 101 
of it , but it 's 'all just been really 
cool. 

We do qu ite well in Italy and 
France and Belgium. We ' re start-
ing to pick up a little bit of a buzz 
in London. We' re also supposed to 
do a tour with Tricky over there. 
Do you guys mind beinc 
compared to TaIdnc Heads 
10 much1 

] think people make the com-
parison because we (;3me out of 
New York sort of the same way 
Talking Heads did back then. They 
came oul of New York when there 
were really not a 101 of bands from 
there - a 101 of music, but no 
bands. And when we came out it 
was the same way, but there was 
all of a sudden an explosion of 
bands. r think that the same sort of 
scene developed. I also see why 
people compare us 10 them, wilh 
the whole "nerd-rock" thing and 
the grooves. But hopefully we're 
going to end up more interesting 
than they did. 

Thursday, November 7, 1996 The UCSD Guardian 17 

SAVE THE PEOPLE YOU CAll UP TO 44% 

• 



.. 

18 SPORTS 

Stop in and see why Rubio'S fish tacos have been San Diegan's 
favorite 'eats' since 1983 (~ 've soki over 20 miIBon!). Rubio's also 
has a fUll menu of ddcious Sluff fike came asada, grilled chicken a 

shrimp burritos a tacos ... so come on by for a snack or a meal! 

§L!.,_. m~l 
I You can order as many .. you I 

want .. _ with thl. coupon. 
OIIor_."IIIA!oo·, I.aJODa~= =::...."":"~ ItIIbIc6. I ='~··:"':"~1111 .. ~ ...... ~ I (nezttoT.G. ____ ... 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, November 7, 1996 

UCSD CLUB SPORTS ROUND-UP 
Cycling 

The nickname "Big Wally" gener-
ally conjures images of a large, lov-
ableoaf. But at UCSD, "Big Wally" is 

•

nothing of the sort - it' 
the nickname for the cy-
cling team's any thing-
but-lovable course. The 

UCSD Dirt Crileriumrrime Trial is 
one of the season's most dreaded 
meets. Fortunately for the UCSD cy-
clists, "Big Wally" is their practice 
course. It 's an advantage that worked 
a ususal last weekend, as UCSD 
dominated their home meet. 

In the time-trials, the riders in the 
Men'sC niceputonanamilLingshow, 
claiming seven of the top eight spots, 

Ice Hockey 

Unbek nown . l to many stu -
dents, UCSD does have an ice 
hockey team. The Triton squad is 

\

a member of .rhe Pacific Coast 
Hockey Association 

~in Division If. The Tritons s truggled 
through a disappointing 1995-
1996 season - riddled with holes 
due to player in..i&ies - but this 
year they think they have a com-
petitive team. 

including a first-place fini sh for new-
comer Matt Nickson. The Men's B 
race was imilar, with David Ree 
and John Manin taking the top spots. 

The women's race had some nifty 
high lights, with Jenny Eyerman tak-
ing the top spot, followed by Tami 
Schaller and Janice Valdez, respcc- . 
ti vely. Butthecoup-de-gracecamein . 
the Men 's A race, as Ian Bettinger 
clocked the fastest ti me of the day en 
route to a UCSD victory. 

Laterthere was the dirt criterium ... 
and multiple casualties. "Big Wally" 
claimed many victims, but familiarity 
paid off for the UCSD cyclisL~, who 
again posted a huge victory. The 

This year's team consists of a 
rejuvenated contingent of veteran 
and many promising new players. 

"I couldn ' t be happi er with the 
team composition this year. There 
is so much diversity . 

We have player who ju t starled 
playing the game, as we ll as ad-
vanced players. Weeven have three 
females on Ihe team - it 's just 
great!" Stainer added. 

After only three weeks of prac-
tice, UCSD opened the 1996-1997 
season Nov. I on the road. The team 

Men's C race saw Chris Hazlitt cruise 
to a first place finish, while the Men' s 
Brace wasal most predictable, as Rees 
again found the top spol. Thc Women's 
B race ended in surprise: a UCSD 
cyel ist didn' t finish first. 

Eycnnan and Valdez did, how-
ever, manage to pick up the second 
and third spots, respectively. In the 
la t competition of the day, Bettinger 
sealed the UCSD victory with another 
win in the Men's A race. 

As the dust settles on the season's 
first half, UCSD appears to be in great 
shape. And with "Big Wally" on their 
side, they will be tough to beat. 

- Travis HIH 

Mall Sienko scored 13 seconds into 
the first period, which sett he Trilon 
record for the fas test goal-scored. 

Goalie Derek Stainer also played 
remarkably well. In the game against 
UC Davis, he made 46 saves on 50 
shots on goal. 

"!think thallhe grueling IO-hour 
drive really affected our players," 
Stainer said. 

"Our goal this year is 10 estab-
li sh ourselves as a force to be reck-
oned witll in Division II ," 
goaltender Derek Stainer said. 
"We'd even like 10 make a run for 
the league title." 

. traveled to Northern California for 
two games in Oakland against Santa 
Clara and UC Davis, and to Fresno 
SI. for a game against the Bulldogs. 

Stainer and company. howevpr, 
will have the home-ice advantage 
come January, as the last six games 
will be played at the San Diego Ice 
Arena. 

On Nov. 9 the Tritons will travel 
10 Los Angeles to face Cal Stale 
Nonhridge al the Iceoplex . 

Against Santa Clara, forward 
- Adria Mclain 

With the ItE "'University Zone Plan" available at the UCSP 6ookstore 
Now you can enjoy all the safety and convenience of cellular service from GTE Mobiln~t for just $16 per month plus airtime 
ch.arges: The Uni~~rsity Zone Plan makes cellular affordable, even on a college student budget, because you pay just 35( per 
minute In a speCified zone. Stop by the UCSD Bookstore or call 619-534-3786 to find out just how easy it is to 0 cellular! 

LJI ~I I 
I • (" ) ( ) h. . • r ( »1 If 

FlID YOUR IIIA"( 
www.boolcstore.ucsd.edu 

Just $1600 per tflonth* 
Plus airtitl1e charges 

lij i:) 
IT 'S A MAZtN G WHAT 

WE CAN Do T OGET HER. 
.. www.gte.com 

*The University Zone Plan tot~1 m(;>nthly access is $16.00, 3.S( per minute p~ak and off-peak in zone, 99( per minute out of zone in California onl . 
Roaming charges outSide CahfoOia may vary. Other roaming charges not Included. SloIbject to early termination fee. Some restrictions may apPI/ 

Thursday. November 7, 1996 The UCSD Guardian 
. . 

Toros Succumb to Triton Power 
PLAYOFFS: UCSD was forced to go five games to defeat Div, II CSUDH, whose record fell to 1-26 

By Steve Walsh 
Co-Associate Sports Editor, 

The UCSD women' s volleyball 
teamwaspushedto its Iimits Tues-
day night, but came out ahead prov-
ing that it is championship mate-
rial. With their backs up against 
the wall , the Tritons battled back 
from a 2-0 deficit lO defeat Divi-

sion /I Cal State Dominguez Hills 
in fi ve games. 

Aftergoing nearly a week and a 
half without having a match, the 
Tri tons headed north to take on the 
Toros. and the time off was noti ce-
able. UCSD came out a little rusty 
and dropped the first two games 
before bouncing back to capture 

the next three games and 
the match. . 

The Tritons entered 
the match against a 
Dominguez Hills squad 
that had only recorded 
one win for the eason. 

After . s ufferi ng 
through 26 defeats , the 
Toros were hungry for 
a victory against their 
Division III opponents. 
But UCSD was not 
about to let its impres-
si ve record be tarnished 
so easily. 

"We dug a deep hole 
for ourselves early in the 
match, " sa id Head 
Coach Dun can 
McFarland, "We might 
have come in a little 
over-confident, but they 
were pretty pumped up 
on the other side with 
two seni ors playing thei r 
final match at home." 

Lefty: Madeline Ripkin did not finish 
the match, because of shoulder pain . 

The fired -up Cal 
State squad jumped 
ahead early, as the Tri -

tons struggled to get their offense 
on its feet. On the way to dropping 
the first game, 15-5, the UCSD 
attack could only tally four 
kills while recording seven 
hitting errors. 

During practice earlier in 
the week, se ller Sheri ne 
Ebadi almost broke her fin -
ger, and was forced to play 
with a heavily taped hand. 

Biesheuvel and middle blocker 
Christine Chi responded in grand 
fashion . The two eniors took con-

trol of the offense and made 
sure that there would be no 
upsets on this road lrip. 

The injury caused some earl y _ .... ;;;,_ 

Relyi ng on the quick set 
of Ebadi. Chi tallied 16 kill s 
fo r the match. whi le 
Biesheuvel handled the out-
side duties in recording a 
team high 20 kills. 

problems for the Tritons, as 
Ebadi and the team struggled to 
find their timing on the sets. 

Senior Madelyn Ripken, suf-
fering from an inflamed rotator 
cuff. played at the start of the match 
before coming out to give her 
shoulder a rest. Also, the normally 
reliable serv ing of McFarland' s 
squad was notably errant. as the 
team tossed up 18 service errors 
for the match. 

As the second game got under-
way. the Tritons saw some spark 
develop in their offensive attack 
but were unable to slow the charg-
ing Toros, who won the game , 15-
II . 

"Ithink we were a little rusty ," 
McFarland said, "We were in the 
routine of playing quite a few 
matches; (the time off] fe lt differ-
ent." 

Down two games and facing 
elimination. UCSD turned to its 
senior leadership to lead the come-
back . Outside hiller Mieke 

Sophomore middle 
blocker Shannon Noonan proved 
to be tough on the frontline as she 
notched two solo blocks and as-
sisted on five others. 

With the offense back on track, 
McFarland and the Tritons settl ed 
into the type of match that they 
had originall y hoped for. UCSD 
proved why it is one of the top 
teams in Division III by pulling 
outthecome-from-behind victory. 

"As a team, we seem to find 
ways to win," McFarland said, "We 
want to continue to practice win-
ning as we ge t ready for 
Regionals." 

The win improved the Tritons 
overall record to 22-6 heading into 
Friday's match against Division 
III rival Chapman University . 
UCSD has app li ed to host the 
NCAA Division III WeSlern Re-

. gional on Nov. 15-16 and is wait-
ing to hear from the NCAA if 
RIMAC will be the site of the 
matches. 

AIl UCSD Students 
are invited to participate 

SPORTS 19 

TEXAS: UCSD 
travels to the Alamo 
Continued from page 24 
a direct free kick. 

Lauren stepped up to the ball 
and fired a mi ssi le that whizzed 
pas t new goalkeeper Kim 
Carver for a 3-0 margin . 
Lauren's accuracy was amaz-
ing, considering she hit the top 
of the net from 35 yard out. 

The Triton defense was stel-
lar once agai n. collaborating 
with senior 'keeper Ke lly 
Pearson for their 15th shutout 
of the year. 

Ju nior fullback Mari ce la 
Oceguera bravely staned the 
game, but could not go on her 
injured knee and so she took 
herself out of the game after 10 
minutes . Freshman defe nder 
Janine Harispe filled her spot 
beautifully, u ing her speed to 
stop Cal Lu attacks. 

"The trainers thought that 
Cela could only go for a half. 
but she realized after the first 
10 minutes that she couldn't 
go." McManus said. 

"Other players would have 
tried to stay in there for the hell 
of it, but she put her hand up 
and asked to be taken out. That 's 
the kind of kid she is. good and 
honest." 

UCSD now travel s to San 
Antonio to face Randolph -Ma-
con (VA) thi Saturday. If the 
Tritons advance to th~ Regional 
final on Sunday. they will go 
up against the winner of Emory 
(GA) and host Tritnity College 
(TX). 

in a 'monthly open dialogue with Student Affairs! 
President Sabatini (ASUCSD), President Mayer (GSA) &: 

Vice Chancellor Watson (Student Affairs) 
invite you to visit the DavislRiverside Room in the Price Center 

betWeen 9:30 a.m. at 11 :00 a.m. on the follOWing dates: 
November 12, 1996 

January 21 at February 18, 1997 
Share your questions, comments, experiences, ideas at concerns with: 
Nick Aguilar 

DIrector 
Student PoUda 
A Judicial AfFaIrs 

Renee Barnett 
Dan, Revelle CoDege 

ChIps DreUJnger 
Dan, Muir CoDeaze 

Hamet Marsh 
ActIng Dean 

Eleanor Roosevelt 
CoDege 

Carmel Myers 
Asst. Vice Chancellor 

Academic Services 
A.W. Russ 

Assoc. Vice ChanceUor 
Student Aft'aIrs 

Tom Tucker 
Asst. Vice Chancellor 

Student Proarams 
A FadDtles 

Richard Backer 
Asst. Vice Chancellor 

Enrollment 
ManaiaDentlReiJstrar 

Rafael Hernandez 
Dean, ThUJ100d 
Marshall CoDege 

. Kamon KashIma 
Dean, Warten CoDege 

VleId Mayer 
PresIdent 

Graduate Student 
AssodatIoo 

Brian Munay 
Asst. Vice Chancellor 
Student Development 

Coreen Sabatlnl 
President 

AssocIated Students 

Joseph Watson 
Vice Chancellor 
Student Aft'aJrs 



.... 

( . 

\' , 

20 CLASSIFIEDS The UCSD Guardian Thursdiy, Novem~r 7, 1996 

EVE N T S 
The Episcopal Student Association 
meets every Wednesday 5-6:3Opm in 
the International Student Center 
conference room for informal 
communion, Christian discussion, and 
freedinner. Students, faculty, and staff 
welcome. Call 534-6549 for more 
i!!formation. (10121-1215). 

CLASSIFIEDS Clissified Line Ad Rates Studenlll: S2 per 20 word. 
Faculty. Staff: S3 per 20 word. 

CPR instructors needed to teach ot\-
campus classes. You must be currently 
authorized to teach American Red 
Cross Community First Aid and Safety. 
$8thr. Call 534-5246. (10131-11/7). 

The UCSD Guardian reserves the right to classify, eait. delete offensive words and 
phrases. and/or refuse any ande)1 advertisements w"houl prior nollficalion. The Advenlser 
will not hold lhe Guardian liable for any claims resuhlng from the publication of the 
advertisemenl. The publisher will also nol be held accountable for any claim from an 
agteement made between the advertiser and the consumer. 

A. ollllta: 54 per 20 wo"" 
AdVance paymenl is required. 

Classified Display 
Ad Rates 

EARN S800.00 + WEEKLY!! 
Stu" envelooes at home and .arn S2.OCVenv. + 01111 
bonuses ChooS<I \'OUf own """' • • Male. $80() 00 • • 
- . guaranteed! Eveoything is aoppIOId FREE. 
More senou • • , ...... P8OjIIO are neoded-slar1 righl 
away! F ... >citing FREE details. I8f1d • 
se!I·lddr.ssed STAMPED ~ (110) 10. ANNOUNCEMENTS 

CORRECTION! 

Copy should be reviewed by lIle advertiser for errors. )n order to be corrected In the next 
regular issue, .1 errors must be reported by the corresponding deadline. Cred~ will only 
be given for the Incorrect portion of the advertisemenl. There are no refunds lorcance)lations. 
PIe_ .. nd all co"'.ponclence ~Ine C18U1fIed. 10: 
UCSD Guardian, Ann: CI .... ~, t5G0'Gllman Drive 103111, L. JoHa, CA e201l3. 
Actuat location: Student C8nJar A, Room 217. 

$9.00 per column Inch 
ONeIlln .. : 

P,,",,11on DII. DlepI8y ,. lJne lAM 
NOWORYTA - 1. 

'202' WIlshIre 81. SuoIo 552. lao ArlgeIe<. CA 90025 

The Education Abroad 
Program ad in the 

Mon. Nov. 4 Guardian listed 
a program at the National 

University of 
SINGAPORE. 

The correct DEADLINE 
date for Singapore should be 

FRIDAY, NOV. 8 
For info call 534-1123 

AUTO 
INSURANCE 

f ,::kct':i dC\:r(jf'flf .... I)'_J P~,)t)"'rTl 
( ; r (' ,It f. -, ~ !' .... 

(619)581-2131 
Fast fundraiser - raise $500 in 5 days -
Greeks, groups, clubs, motivated 
individuals. Fast, Easy - No financial 
obligation. (800)862-1982 EJ:t. 33. (101 
7-11/21 ). 
Billion dollar personal care company is 
expanding to Thailand. Japan, Taiwan, 
and Korea have been massive for this 
company. Thailand is next! Those 
who ~t up distribution early have made 
fortunes. If you've lived in Thailand, 
speak the language or know someone 

. who does . . . Call 1-800-497-6893. (101 
24-11125). 
Never forget again! You will never 
have to worry about forgetting important 
dateslevents for the rest of your life! 
Call 919-4559. (10/31 -11125). 
SUMMER WORK ABROAD! Western 
Europe, Japan, South America. Come 
to the Informational Meeting on 
Tuesday, November 12, 3:00 or 5:00 
p.m. Intemational Center Conference 
Room. (11f7-11fl1) . 
·Public Speaking - Yes you can I" -111 
7/96, 3-4pm, Price Ctr. Gallery A. 
Overcome one of the greatest fears we 
have and learn how you can become 
an effective (or better) speaker! 
Sponsored by Student Organizations 
and leadership Opportunities (SOLO) 
534-0501 . (10131-11f7) . 
"Med School-Getting In": 11113196, 3-
4:30pm, Price CIr. Galler A. Leam how 
admissions committees evaluate your 
application. "you are planning on 
medical school, you need to attend this 
seminar. Sponsored by Student 
Organizations and Leadership 
Opportunities (SOLO) 534-0501. (111 
4-11/11). 

r---------- ----~---_~ 
:AlulkJ ZOII yo~: 
• VCiIOoMINUTE $1699 I Pacific OIL CHANGE ~ecuIor from $2)" I 
I --..I ........ , ........ L....... JoIuordous _. rho, ... $1 .00 Beach -,-== 112)1)1 I I X SonIc. Indudn: • Top 011 .... In 'UIO I 2705 Gamet • Choic. of YIJwoIine tnmmission, powr......... . I C(WMf of Gamet I Boed Muqrode oils wondshoold ........ t..ry I 
.273·6608 == :=r=':' .~~~ ....... <Wy I I OPEN SUNDAY .,........ • Mosl an. up \0 S ~ "" I 

Hot ..... _ .. _< .............. 
L No ....... , No .. ,ahlO'." Ililt/M. --------------------~ I 

UCSD Police Auction. Saturday, 
November 16th. Pre-Auction viewing 
10:00am. Auction starts at 10:30am. 
Bikes, jewelry, books, and much more! 
Cash or checks doly. $1 .00 refundable 
bidding card. Location: Lot 704 (Near 
V ' DrandR tsRd . (1114-11114) . 
GET PUBLISHED I In the UCSD 
Joul'OIl of Undergreduete Research. 
Bring papers to the third floor of the 
Price Center Rm 3.305 before the end 
of the fall quarter! Questions? Call 
534-3917. (11f7). 

EMPLOYMENT 

$1750 weekly possible mailing our 
circulars. No experience required. 
Begin now. For info call 301-306- t207. 
(9130-116). 
West Capital Financial has part time 
collection positions available to start 
now. Professional environment. 
Excellent source for extra income. 
Hours M-F 5:30-8:3Opm. Call Erica 
Osuna 505·5309. West Capital is a 
leader in one of the few rapid growth 
industries in the country. We are the 
nation's most innovative and technically 
advanced consumer financial 
o anizations in its field. l1f7 -11111 ). 
Senior Mechanical Engineering 
Studentlnternship. The AT A Sector of . 
Science Applications International 
Corporation (SAIC) is offering a paid 
internship opportunity to a qualified 

/, FIND , A I pro IJ ( H 

• 

It rea , II a. ,.. irT.uch . . 
c--. 1 ... _..-. · ............. I ... _C'-ODr .• D .... "I.:....-·---. __ 0JI __ .hd. 

1'icbtJ 
Cars 
Bikes 
DaIs 
SCalI 
..... 

sa..... 
s.tIJemIa 
A ... .,. 

SeIes 
J_ 
...... 

1',.-. 
.... yilkten 
Cl ......... 

'I'Wen 
........ 
.. ,..,.. 
as ....... 
..... 
,....., 

.0 "I 
uPItIb In tile 

CenbIr 

Noon Thur.. 3 pm Thun. 
Noon Mon. 3 pm Yon. 

Senior Mechanical Engineering 
Student with coursework in FEA and 
good computer skills. The student will 
generate finite element models , 
program, and provide support for 
various engineering projects and 
technical support activities. Internship 
is 20 flexible hours per week. Excellent 
exposure to professional environment. 
Please send resume to: SAIC, 10260 
Campus Point Drive, San Diego, CA 
92121 , Attn : D. Duren, Email : 
debbie_durenOcpqm.saic,com, FAX: 
(619) 546-6360. (11/7-11/11) . 
Wanted: Physics lBMor, willpay$15-
20111r, twice a week (+) Call Karina, 
618-1293. (11f7-11/1S) .. 
Intemet HTML Editors. Part-time or 
contractors wanted. Will train. Flexible 
hours. Work aSSignments can be done 
mornings, afternoons, nights or 
weekends. Work form home or 
campus. Please call 57S-6046 and 
ask for Owa e. (11/7-11/14) . 
Males and females paid $30.00 for 
interview. If you are of Japanese, 
Chinese, of Korean descent, call VA, 
552-S585 x2182. (9/24-1215). 
Student Works Painting is hiring for 
Springl Summer 1997. Seeking 
motivated applicants for high level 
intemship. Duties include interviewing, 
hiring, development of customer 
relations, control of marketing and 
sales, & production management. Call 
1-800-394-6000. (9124-1215) . 
MODELS $100lhour for male fitness 
magazines, calendars, greeting cards. 
Established photographer. No pomo. 
Toll Free (888)225-6555. (10/10-111 
11 ). 
Build extra income that can be ongoing 
whatever your career path. Call Kei 
(888)738-9209 or Hank's pager 
(619)680-6467. (10/31-1215). 

Looking for a great job? Are you 
confident on the phone? Are you 
familiar with Windows based computer 
applications? If so, excellent 
opportunity available in small 
demographic company in Del Mar. 
Learn valuable business skills in a 
casual office environment. We are 
looking for an individual to work 12-20 
hrs/week ($6/hour) taking orders over 
the phone, processing orders, and 
performing general office duties. If you 
are interested, please call Lucy 0793-
4151 . (11/4-11/7) . 
BECOME A DJI Get a job in RADIO, 
learn from experts at home! Call 800-
950-5999 for a free recorded message 
and a FREE report! (11/4-11114). 
Part-time child care needed. Will give 
room ' and board in exchange. 
Experience with children required. Call 
Rhonda or Ed, 481-3727. (1114-111 
14). 
Excellent Income Opportunity while 
you're attending school. Flexible 
scedule. Call now for details. Jeff or 
LindaUCSDarearepresentatives. 587-
6028. (1114-11118). 
Fresh Blend Smoothie & Juice Bar is 
looking for energetic, health-minded 
individuals to make fresh juice and 
smoothies. Mgmt. training & incentive 
programs offered. Apply in person: 
8895 Towne Centre Dr. or 4305 Mission 
Blvd. (11/7-1111 8) 

ROOMMATES 
Mira Mesa- 4 bedroom, 2-1/2 bath. 15 
min to UCSD. No smoking, no pets. 
$29() + utilities. 578-2511. (1114-1117) . 
Are you a female going abroad in 
January? I'm looking to move into a 
houseltownhouse in the UTClUniv. City 
area in December. Non-smoking, clean 
roommates. Call Kim 453-6379. (11/ 
4-11/11). 
Master bedroom and bath in 2 br. apt. 
Pacific Beach, $600/rno or share for 

Call for 
SENSITIVE, AFFORDABLE 

dental care 
LA JOLLA VILLAGE DENTAL OFFICE 

ames E. Sanford ' D.D.S. 
Gc:nc:ral, Prcvc:ntativc:, and Cosmc:tic Scrvicc:s 

RelllJ«ti, jTU",lIy tumorpebere • MeMber ADA, CDA, SDCDS 

LA JOLLA VILLAGE PI.OFESSIONAL CENTER 558-3490 
8950 VILLA LA JOLLA DR. . SUITE 2103 
T E",,;¥ e- s. .. rrlll] or FLUOR. JUST BEHISD EL Tomo ."..nra.",! .,.iI,,1Ik 

ASTHMA? 
VOI~nteers are needed for Research Drug FREE 

Study. All testing and study medications are 

Qualified participants will be paid up to 

.$900 
for participation 

....... 'J01~SL·--_"15S- ..... S ... 0· 1III-. , ... Js...,._. · ..... ...,.,.5II~Rd. ·~_ICI' ....... !'!r"".....,. ....... _ ..... -..I1/'"."""I/3111111 .. lIr_.m_ ........ \_ ...... _ 
... _ ....... -en lor """1'''''_)'' 158 .... ~~;: tor:: -I",", Il1o _ 1I1tf_. " ......... _ 1I19_1OIIfoo .... 
............ .. r ... ......... ' ... ..., TlIII ... __ ...... ""_ .. _'-I~I __ 10 I5eo 0.,.. •• "", CalI..,_ 

abMltIe 
GenerII Store. 

Call 438-3988 Ask for Research 
Warren W. Ple.kow, M.D. 

DIPLOMAT( , ~MERICAN BOARD OF ~llERQY/ IMMUNOlOGY 

Thursday, November 7. 1996 

$350 each. Includes utilities. 581-
3186. (11/4-11111) . 
Roommate needed: Spacious room 
available in huge, surfer house with 
pool and oceanview in Del Mar. $3701 
month + util . 794'()177. (11/7-11111 ). 

FOR RENT 
lA JOLLA Fumished rooms lor rent in 
house. Private entrance. Working 
student or professional. Non-smoker, 
lite cooking, considerate, responsible, 
very clean , quiet. Low-key 
environment, walking distance to 
beach. Near school. Ranging from 
$350-500 including utilities. Call Terri 
(61.9) 459-6322. (tO/3-12/5) . 
Room for rent: Down the street fram 
UCSD, own bath, washer and dryer, 
pool, parking psace, very clean, lots of 
windows and sun light, nice people, 
quiet and comfortable. $425/month. 
Call Karen 450-9773. (11/4-11/7). 
Fumished room, beautiful house in La 
Jolla; includes utilities . Tennis, 
swimming, spa. sauna, gym. Total 
$595/mo. 454-2158. (11f7-1215) . 
Large one bedroom - Hillcrest- Fourth 
Avenue- secure- modern- quiet- third 
floor- gated parking- balcony- cable- cats 
ok- $660-caIl 291 -8060. (11/7-11114). 

FOR SALE 

TREK HYBRID 7600: top of the line, 4 
months old, XT Components, rack, 
computer; $1000 obo. Douglas 624-
0740. (10/28-11/7) . 
15 foot REI Mar/in kayak, with rudder, 
5 hatches backrest, leg straps, wheels, 
dry bag & life vest. $600 obo. Call 
Scott 296-6752. (11n -1215). 
AIWA Mini Shelf Systen: 30WattS/Ch., 
3-CD Changer, Digital AMIFM Tower, 
Auto Reverse Cassette , $180, Hugh 
598-5504. (11/7). 
Surfboards: 6'S" pintail thruster. Good 
shape, must sell. Sacrifice, $125. 6'4" 
thruster, must sell , $50. Make me an 
offer! 488'()720. (11/7-11/11) . 
Superior Study Skills Hypnosis Tape. 
Free Bonus: Eliminate Exam Anxiety. 
$14.50 to Enhanced Motivation PO 
Box 269t, Carlsbad, CA 92018.(11f7-
11118). 
Moving Sale! IKEA dining set, sofa 
sleeper, microwave, refrigerator, 
toaster-oven, miscellaneous. Traceyl 
Marco (619) 999-8061 . J."!..1..~_ 

HOUSING 
OWN YOUR OWN HOME- Save rent 

. , Dollars. Area Expert,20yrs experience. 

r-----------------------, 

'WITH SlWENT 10 
SW-SfRVE COl'tES ON\. Y 

WHIT!: 201 BCN), 8112" X 11" 
EXPIRES 12/31/96 

••• 

.150 ..... ,-"low, SuiM 130 
".,~92037 

"7-1007 
Houn: 8-7 Monday-fridoy 

~-----------------------~ 

Condos $10OK+, Hom" $185K+. 
Special Savings UCSD staff/students. 
REIMAX Coastal Judith Haddox 274-
4477. (10/7-11/14). 

VV ANT E 0 
EGG DONORS NEEDED: If you are a 
healthy female between the ages of 18 
and 32 and have health insurance. 
Compensation $2500, Call Mirna 
Navas at (310) 829-6782 for more info. 
(9/24-1215). 
Egg Donors desperately wanted by 
infertile, hopeful parents. All races. 
Healthy. Ages 21-30. Compensation 
$3;000. Call OPTIONS at (800)886-
9373. (9/30-1215). 
Need tutors for English ·for Korean 
children. Must speak some Korean. 
$15ihr. Call Christine 558-0525. (10/ 
28-11(7) . 
Help Wanted! Full/Part time cashier 
position. Enthusiasm, energy, and 
excellent customer service skills a must! 
Call 793-1771 for information. (10/28-
11/7). 
Wanted: Band to share rehearsal 
space, $150-200/month, at Soundtrax 
(Sports Aren·a). Call Jeff @ 457-4669 
for info. (10/31-11/7). 

HELP WANTED 
SEEKING OUTGOING 
INDIVIDUALS!!! HAVE FUN ANDGET 
PAID AT THE SAME TIME. OUT 
CITIBANK BOOTHS NEED HELP 
GIVING OUT FREE T~SHIRTS AND 
GIFTS. FOR MORE INFORMATION 
CALL: (800)862-1982ext.44 (11/7). 

SERVICES 

Attention all studentslll Grants, 
Scholarships. Aid available from 
spon.~1II No repayments, everlll 
$$$C •• h for college $$$, For info: 1· 

8~243-2435.(9/24-1215) . 

TUTOR available for biology courses. 
Rexible schedule, will meeton campus. 
$30 per hour. 535-1645. Good luck 

The 'UCSD' Guardian 

with midterms! (10131-11114) . 
LIBRARY RESEARCH. Will do your 
library research for you. Fast, accurate, 
dependable, reasonable rates . 
Experienced with UCSD libraries. Call 
552-9096. (1114-11 n). 

Healthy men and women needed for 
noninvsive eyeblink sutdies (Hillcrest). 
Please be: age 18-60, right-handed, 
and drug-free. Monetarycompensation 
for qualified participants. UCSDMC 
CTF A-311 . Call Pattie at 543-2314. 
(11/7). 

PERSONALS 
Why do you non-coaChing people 
standing on the sidelines at the NFL 
games look so surprised when lronhead 
Heyward careens out of bounds and 
wipes out your pancreas? 
Photographers consider it part of the 
territory I guess, but the rest of you-
MOVEI (11/7). 

, .· \.A ·MESA 
iUt~~. 

· ~~o).e~· 

PROBLEMS WIIH DRY EYES OR 
AsTIGMAnSll? 

We specialize in aifficult cases. 

Second notice to the person dumping 
the Guardian bundles: this 
accomplishes nothing. It creates a 
nuisance for people with real jobs 
(Guardian staft) and businesses 
(Guardian advertisers) . Civil 

CLASSIFIEDS 21 

disobedience went out of fashion with 
Thoreau-this Is the real world. (11/7). 
I didn' even run for president this year, 
and yet I still finished in a tie with Ross 
Perot for Electoral Coil votes.(11n 
Micheal Jackson? Oh. ! (11/7). 

XOCHICALCO 
VN1VfRSITY 

Campuses in 
Ensenada and Tijuana 

Listed withW.H.O. 
Four Year Program 

V_A. and G_S.L. Approved 
Semester begins Jan 20, 1997 

Call or send away for more info 
1 (888) 429-4044 

P.O. Box 6044 
Chula Vista, CA 91909 

NEWPORT·8eACH 
:: 4501 ifnlh St. 
(71.1) 851 ~1201 

• Calvin Klein 

• Matsuda 

• Armani 

• Mikli 

proclear.., Preference Torlc, las ..... , .. IIIIIl .... 
AlL aT S_IIT ..... . 
·PI£~5fUED 
• Gwsa DUPUCATEO 
• COMPIm m EXAMS 
• No APPOINTMENT NECESSAlY 



22 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian Thur day, November 7, 1996 

Tritons TIe Up Division I AnteaterS YAWN: I'm really getting bored 
WAITING: As the regular season wraps up, the UCSD men's soccer team eyes NCAA playoffs Continued from p.,e 24 heads by the time playoffs 

rolled around if they did this 
all season. By Nicole Vareal 

Co-Associate Sports Editor 
Who says one questionable call 

by a referee can 'taffect the outcome 
ofa game? 

Not the UCSD men 's soccer 
team. Thanks to referee Barry 
laminson's "trip from behind" ca ll 
in the second overtime of Sunday 
night 's contest al UC Irvi ne, Pal Lee 
was able to place a penalty shot past 
Triton goalkeeperCharles Levinson, 
lying the game at I- I and giving Ihe 
Tritons Iheir first tie of the season. 

"He (ca lied] Ihe penalty so 
quickly," Triton Head Coach Derek 
Armstrong said. "He's nOI a bad 
referee, and it' ll be fine. He's the 
kind of referee they'll have in the 
playoffs." 

The Tri tons' Iri p to the Anteater's 
h.ome turf was Iheir last regular-
season contest, and Ihei r final game 
matched the talents of the Division 
III UCSD squad against Ihe physi-
cal play of Division I UCl. 

",UCII beinga Divi~on I school, 
we slepped up a level," senior for-
ward Jose Ocampo said. "We played 
USD and barely lost 10 them, 2- 1, 
and now we come here and play 
UCI and tie them" 

This game was vi lal to the Tri -
tons' playoff possihilities because 
UCS,D 's game against Claremont 
last week. 

"We normally end with a Ilurry 

of games. and we ended up [at UCI] 
without the Claremont game," 
Armstrong said. "It's a biggie be-
cause I thought we were not quite 
ourselves tonight." 

Whether or not the lack of games 
near the end of the season hurt the 
Tritons is unclear, but more experi-
ence might have helped the learn 
defeat the Anteaters. 

"Personally, I think it did affect 
me," Ocampo said. "I felt like I didn ' t 
have the confidence out there, 
and also I was just tired toward 
the end of the game. We knew 
we had to win or tie, at least, 
and we came and did that." 

Meanwhile, the Tritons 
finished the half with six 
fouls , while the Anteaters ac-
cumu lated II fouls and one 
yellow card. 

Shots were, by far, less numer-
ous than foul s in the first 45 min-
utes. UCSD had one lone attempt by 
freshman midfielder Cameron 
Adams, compared to two UCI tries 
on the goal. 

"By halftime, it was 0-0, 0 
(Armstrong] was fine with that ," 
Ocampo said. "Obviously, we. al -
ways come out and try to win a 
game, but you don't want to play 
defense and then all of a sudden Ihey 
score a goal and now you have to 
play catch-up." 

In the second half, fans witnessed 

a reduction in penaltie and an in-
crease in shots on the goal from all 
over the field . The Tritons amassed 
four more shots. while the Anteaters 
atlacked the goal seventimcs. Despite 
the numerous attempts by both teams, 
the game remained scoreless. 

The second half, however, was 
marked by olher events - injuries. 
Senior sweeper Joel Kosakoff was 
helped off the fie ld during Ihe sec-
ond half after he was kicked in Ihe 

ankle, and remained sidelined 
for Ihe duralion of the game. 
Laler, Adams had to take a 
break from Ihe action to ban-
dage acut on his right ear, bUI 
he returned as soon as the 
trainers wrapped his ear and 
head to stop the bleeding. 

"[My ankle( docsn ' l feel 
too bad," Kosakoff said. ·',The 

trainer] said I just basically stretched 
out maybe a ligament in [my footJ, but 
it 's not bad at aU. J:lopefuII y, I'll prob-
ably be practicing sometime this 
week." 

Atlheend of regu lation, lhe score 
was tied at 0-0 and the first of Iwo 
IS-minute overtime periods began. 
With less than a minute left in the 
fi rst overtime period, UCI got \.:aught 
too far into the UCSD side of the 
field . Senior forward Chris Fong 
picked up a loose ball in the midst of 
traffic inside the penalty box, and 
launched Ihe ball down the middle 

Picture this - flip on your laptop, zap your lax, or check out the hottest C~-ROM titles on your 
multimedia center. and you're putting Micro Unear to wood From computers and advanced net-
WOIkiog, to televisions, stereo 8CJ.Iipment, measumg ~t and telecom technology. virtually 
a1. electronic media depends on analog devices lor AID conversion. And MIcro Unear people are 
The Artisans of Analog, creating a distinct niche In this generation's I1106t exciting technology. 
~ a newty hired grad, you will experience a compelling, rewarding challenge lrom 
the start. Guided by our dynamic mentoring program, you wll be designing right away. Not a 
bad begimlng 101' an emerging artist The leading OEMs in the world depend on Micro Unear 
and our lar-reachlng lamlly 01 analog devices lor truly Inspired solutions, PUlSU8 your craft at 
Micro Linear. And make an impIct the world will notIcet 

, 

5lNALOG fJA.SIGN ~GINEERS 
/I you are graduating with an MSEElPhD, this position wi provide the opportunKy to leam 
advanced IC design whY8 developing systems engineering skills. As a DesIQn Engineer, you will 
also have the chance to work In Bipolar, CMOS and BlCMoS process technOlogIes, You wit 
design and develop analog and mixed slgnalICs. ThIs Inctudes chip deIk1IIIon, circuit design, 
sinulallon, layout supeMsIon, debug, characterization and release to production. 

~ST 1kVELOPMENT ~GINEERS 
If you are graduating with a BS.WEE and have a pieferata toward analog cIrcuIta, our Teal 
Development EngJneemg opporIUIiIIeI may be your tIckII. Strong ana/og aIdIs are I'I8C8SS8IY so 
you can design automatic .... lqIipment software and hardware that performs complex electrical 
screening of our ICa, IS wei as iIaure this t8ltilg correlates to Iaboraloly bencIvnarkI. 

PRODUCT ~GINEERS 
/I you are graduating with a BSlMSEE and have a prelerence lor analog circuits, our Product 
Engineering poIItIons may be of Intereet to you. Strong analog skiDs are Integral, IS you wi 
evaluate, characterize and IntIocb:e new products to rnanutacturlng. You wi. also be responsi-
ble lor analyzing. enhancing and 10racastlng Waler Sort and FInal Test yields and supporting 
production to ruoIve product IlIuM. 
Micro linear. To paint your belt concIuIion, sign up 101' an Interview today. 

• 
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORN1A~ SAN DIEGO 
Interviewa, Thursday and Frtday, November 21 and 22 
Career Services 
/I unable to • up tor 1/lIneIMIw, pIaue mail or FAX yoot 
restme IOd IranICripII '»: M/cIO LlIIIIr, Human Resources, 
2092 ConcoI.ne DItit, SIn ...... CA ~131. FAX: (0) 432-7523. lIIiIrrI .· M.-cro L.-near 
EmaIl: hrO ....... com. We ..... oppoItIIIly~. ~ 
VI,It our website at: http://www.mlcroll ...... com 

of the field. 
Senior forward Nate 

Hetherington retrieved lhe pass and 
boiled ahead of his defenders on a 
breakaway. As he neared the goal, 
Hetherington lobbed the ball over 
Ihe head of UCl's SCOll Zinser and 
into the nel. Hetheringlon 's 12th 
goal of the season was the first of 
the game, bringing the score to 1-0. 

With only one short period left 
and the win within their grasp, the 
Tritons came wi thin six. minutes of 
a victory. Their hopes of a win, 
unfonunately, were dashed when 
Lee was given a penalty kick, which 
he successfully put past Levinson. 
The goal tied the match at I- I, where 
il remained until the end. 

"We were about ix minulesaway 
from clinching the [Far West Re-
.gion/," Armstrong said. "Now we 
have 10 sweat it oul and see what 
happens." 

So what li es ahead for UCSD? If 
all goe. according 10 the Trilons' 
plans, playoffs and a possible home 
game in Ihe early rounds lie on the 
horizon. With a 10-5- 1 record, any-
thing i po sible. 

"If we would have won today, I 
Ihink it might have sealed [the play-
oFrsl \.:omplelcly," Annslrong said. 
"We arc number one in the Far West , 
and a win tonight would have scaled 
the Far West. A ti c is good against a 
Division Ileam." 

And the aerial acrobatics that 
would occur as they jumped 
around and applied their crani-
ums 10 the airborne soccer balls 
would be fun 10 watch. 

La tly , the UCSD women 
should be forced to kick Ihe 
ball with their non-dominant 
fool. A lefl-fooled player would 
on ly be allowed to boo I the ball 
with her righl foot , and vice 
versa. 

For Ihe rare player who is 
ambidex trous of I'oot , she would 
be confined 10 only usi ng her 
head and knees. Think of the 
incredible ball handling skill s 
they would develop, while al-
lowing sad opponents some af-
firmative aClion so Ihat they 
mighl actua ll y pu t one between 
the posts on occasion. 

Yes, our women's team is 
good, very good. They have ac-
co mpli shed much and wi II 
likel y have another national 
champi onship with which to 
adorn the Irophy case once the 
dust. has settled. 

BUI please ladies - think of 
your fans and fellow students 
and lei the other teams stay in 
the games for al leasl a half 
before you annihilate their sorry 
carcasses into Ihe middle of the 
next millennium. 

GET PUBLISHED! 
in: 

THE UCSD JOURNAL OF 
UNDERGRADUATE RESEARCH 

Bring paper., to the third floor of 
the Price Center Rm.305 before 

the end of the fall quarter! 
Questions? Call 534-3917 

WASHINGTON, DC ~~ 
Dontt just read about it, 

experience itt 
Scholarships Now Availablel 

The Academic Internship Program is now accepting 
applications for The UC President's 
Washi'ngton D.C. Scholarship 
Eligibility Requirements: 

• At least 90 units eompleled by the quarler before you wanl to intern 
• OemonstratM financial need 
• 3.0 CPA or higher 
• At least one quarter of undergrarluatc study remaining upon rotum 

from D.C. ( ome exceptions) 

Apply in person io i\lP Uterature Buildin5 Rm , 3255 
HOURS: 8:30-12:30, 1:00-4:00 (clOIIe8 WednetMlay at 1 jIIII) 

Thursday, November?, 1996 The UCSD Guardian 

A 

R A N K N G S 

FOOTBALL 
AM 
1. Can't CoverCochese (5-0) 
2. OSP (4'(») 
3. York (4-1) 
4. Si!Jl1a Chi (3·1 ) 
S. Nu-Tang Clan (2·2) 
U. 
1. BTS (4'(» 
2. Or.Cravervnoomead (4-0) 
3. Bastard Swordsmen (5'(») 
4. Tobins Bad<. (4-1) 
5. Dolphins (4-1) 
A 
t . Friars (5·0) 
2. IVCF II (4·1) 
3. Cool Runnings (4-1) 
4. 5th and your Mom (4-1) 
S. The tn/amy (4-1) 
CoecIAA 
1. CurvatUfe Analysis (5'(») 

The delendtng cnamps. cee, are sO domlnanllhal some 1M FOOl' 
baM legends have leloed raihelihan see lhese slleaks blul by. They 
should have no prcillem with this soli tield. Ernest Clalil can kIIep 
York In 8IYI game.1X4 he can~ do ~ atone. Phrn! this one In. 

BTS lei one ~ short lasl year. but _ woo'l happen againl Com· 
mit1ed. Focused. and ready 10 1001-I.ooIr oul! Or. Cravenmoomead 
is having trouble geftng 1hef tix(mantat problems). The The Swords· 
men have played hard all yeaL.weapons mighl be geltrog a Irttie 
heavy. Tobin and !he Dotphlns were prepped In HoI's louglestieagoe 

The story 01 Ihis division is its OS·s. Carlos Beolacourt (FriarS). 
Dave Bartels (IVCF It), and Andrew Garcia (Cool Runnings) are ~II 
very .!hlelle siglal callers. Jason Baucom (TNllnlamy) IS .11.4 S 
version 01 Dan MarinO. quiClr lelease. no feel. In order to W!I1 ~, 
leams will need 10 play solid defense. 51h aoo Your Morn plays ,I 
tlJU!i1. 

2. Washed-up Has Beans (5.Q) 
3. OSM-IVR (4'()) 
4. Char1ie's Angels (5-0) 
5. Take i1 Persooal (4·1) 
Coed A 
1. Misfi1s of Science (4,1) 
2. Sonshine (2·3) 
3. BBO After (3-2) 
4. KCM (2·3) 

Curvalure Analysis has been playng aboYe expectalions all year. 
I! you like experience, WHB and DSM·IVR are your pick. II you like 
alhlelle lalent. Take ft Personal and Charlie's AngelS have it. 

5. Peppermint POlJ1ders (3-2) 

The MisI.s lost!he~ 1 st game, but have been IIIbeaIabIe ever since. 
Alice Pari< 01 SonShlne Is the lop OB In this division. BBO Aller Is 
to\4l as long as they see only one baM. Watdl out lor Peppermint 
Poooders in this wide open aHair. 

PItyoff tnfomratlon: 
lien', AM: Friday 1118, Friday 11115, Friday 11117 
lien', AA and A: SftJrday tll9, SUnday ltl1O, Saturday 11/16, Sunday ltll7 
Coed: Saturday 1 t 19, Monday 11111, Saturday' tl16. Sunday 11117 
All playolt times and plir'rngS are posled on the fourth floor of RIMAe, or cal 534·3716. Goost tudd 

* * 
* fill-$tar * $loor JIockey 

'+' ••• 

V 

* * 

• 
This year, Intramural SpoIlS is proud to announce our first 

annual Coed Floor Hockey An SIIr Night featuring Division .. 
Coed AI~lIr GaIMS and Sldlls c~ns. Come watch 
Ihe most skilled and dedicated floor hockey players on campus 
show their slUff on Thursdlry, November 21 in the newly-re-
modeled Recreation Gym. 

~ .. .,. 
* * * 

The All-Star Night 
Schedule of Ellents 
CO~D A All-Star Game 
COeD AA All-Star Game 
Skills Competitions 
COED AAA All-Star Game 

* 

6:00 PM - 7:00PM 
7:00 PM • 8:00 PM 

8:00 PM - 9:30 PM 

9:30 PM -10:30 PM 

* * This year's event is guaranteed to provide Iree, top-notch entertainment lor both avid hockey 
enttuiaSts and know-nothings atike. There wit be a bIItIec: .. throughout the evef\lng as well 
U gill ceI1IfIcIIII for I'IIIIe and female skills competition winnBls and Individual game MVP's. 

&.wort your lrilndllnd I18mmMIS as they battle for bragging rights in the AI~Star Games 
lflii IIdII compIliIionI (hardest shol, fastestnlest stick·handIer, best goalie, and most accurate 
1hoOIIr) . Gilt certificalll tw.re grlclouS1y been donated by our friends at Pizza Port and Play It 
AQIIn Sports. . 011 ell ' 'nd 

And one 1lIOI'I quicillemildlf ..... 1M Floor Hoctcey IeIgu8I wllllIIso be er 111 men s a 
WOII*I'S dMIionI beginniIg next quII1er. Be a pert 01 this up-anckOming sport by forming 
..... will yw friIndI, IUIII rMtII, roommates, co-workers, relltivls, or jUll about anyone 
you knC/W wIIo II cIfIIIbII 01 holding • stick. Don't miss out on one of the most elICiting Ij)Or1S 
ottnd by the trnmInI SpOIII DIpImIenl Wiflllllin mind, we look forward 10 ..tog you 
.... RIc Oym., TIuIdIy, Nov. ~1 . 

M U R A L 5 P 0 R T 5 
3-on-3 Basketball 

The Three·on-Thlee Intramural Baskelball 
season recenUy came to a dramatic condusion 
this past Sunday as the teams tried desperately 
10 put themselves in a pos~ion to make the play· 
offs. Oon Ennis, a member of the Men'sAA team, 
Liverpool, commented after his game, "The in· 
lensity out here this weekend has reatly picked 
up." 

The Men's AAA league has seen outrighl 
dominance by the number one team. Departure. 
With an impressive 15-1 record, this team has 
dearly demonstraled ~s superiority in compar~ 
son to the olher leams in the top-ranked division. 
Dae: Big and Lazy has been anything but lazy, 
and the Runnin' Rhubarbs have been 0" to the 
races as both teams have shown ftashes of bri~ 
liance with \1-5 win·loss records. 

The Women's league has several teams jock. 
eying for the top spot in the standings. Mhough 
Short But Sweet had seemed invincible lor the 
greater part of the season, their struggle during 
the last weekend allowed Scooby Ooo's (t 0·5) to 
make a run at the t~le . Dunkin' Dynamos have 
per10rmed well enough on a consislent basiS to 
give them an t t·5 record going into the playo"s. 

K~chens & ·Company" has proved to be the 
team to beet in the Men's AA division, posting a 
14-2 record. This team features a well-balanced 
attack of sharp-shooters from the perimeter and 
an inside game that any team woutd be fearful of 
going up against. Greg Kitchens, an integral 
member of the team, exclaimed, ·1 feel hooored 
to have a team named after me!· Uverpool (13-
3) has shown the Importance 01 being able to hit 
the 3-point shot. having beaten severat teams 
without hitting a shot in the paint. Men of Steel 

(1 4·2) may be lhe most Intimidating learn in 
the Men's AA division, but Pan Kickers (t 4,2), 
Your Mother (t3·3), and One Time (13-3) are 
not far behind. 

The Men's A division Is led by a high·pow-
ered machine Ihat has the most original team 
name, Jin's team. AI 14·2. Jin's Team may have 
the tools to lead them to the promise land. 
Jungle Ball Bailers have shown a plethora of 
skiHs in attaining a t 4·2 record. as they surged 
ahead ot Sope's Team (13-3) on the final day 
of the regular season. Rosca (t3·3), Perspolis 
(13-3), and The Revotution (11-3) figure to be 
in contenlion for the championship down the 
streich. 

Ptayoffs wi' begin this coming Sunday, No-
vember tOth, in the Rimae Arena between the 
hours of 4pm and tOpm. AHhough all of the 
teams that participated in the Men's AAA and 
Women's leagues will advance to the playoffs, 
some 01 the teams from the Men's AA and A 
will not advance due 10 the exceptionally high 
numbel 01 learns. The Men's AA and A divi· 
sions wi. each be divided into two subdivisions, 
Protes$lonal and Collegiate, lor the playo"s. 
The Men's AA and A·Professional playo"s will 
leature the teams w~h the highest win·loss 
records during the regular season in their re-
spective divisions, while the Men's AA and A-
Collegiate playo"s will include the teams that 
finished the season with around a .500 win-
ning percent. Each team is responsible to 
check the playa" brackets thai will be posled 
on the fourth ttoor of Rimac on Wednesday, 
November 6, at 2:30pm. 

•• ····Tube Polo 
r If.~ 'l R !!!~ ~'"~ '" , ... p'" '" .. pool ,~ ~ almost every nighl of the week. And, somellme~ unllll :oo ~n the 

~ morningl tn case you haven't poked your head In to check ~ oUl, 
••••• lo A t· th· d we're tatking about lnnertube Waterpo . "t one Ime IS coe 
sport was one of the most popular on campus, and why not. , 

Sure waterpolo is one of lhe most difficult sports In the world 10 play, but you don I have to work 
out and swim hundreds 01 laps every week 10 play the 1M version of this Olympic sport. All you have 
to do is sit your butt down in a greal big innertube and floal around then pick up the bait when you 
get a chance and chuck ~ in the goal. The Indoor pool is always heated to a .comlortable. 85 
degrees. Best of alt , you get to wear one of those greal polo lids that look so nlC~'1 Gel a ltttle 
workout meet all kinds of guys and gats and have a great time. Sounds like fun. It IS. We will be 
offering this again in the Spring, so don'l miss your chance to jump in when April rolls around. 

The firsl four weeks of action this Fall have separaled lhe big serious power boats trom the 
lumbering tugs. So far, PUNCH MONKEYS, ALLERGIC TO WATER, RUBBER RUMPUS & 
SWIMMIN'IN IT have all survived with unblemished records. But. the beslleam of all m.ghl be 
RtSC whO lost by I in their only defeat. For t~ playo"s, we will divide.lhe teams Into two diVISIOns 
and really find out who has the slickest rubber. The playo" brackets Will be IllIed out and posted on 
Nov t4. with Ihe firsl games taking place on Nov 17. Come by RIMAC or call 534·37t6 lor all your 
playa" information. 

SPONSOR THE 1M PAGE! 
Advantages: 

• Support of a great UCSD tradition. Over 1500 
teams (15,000 players) partlclpate-

• TIe-in promotion by the Intramural dept. of your 
business at all big 1M events of the year-the golf 
tournament, Sun God sports tournament, and 
many more. Those guys make great banners! 

• The 1M page Is loyally read by the team members, 
1M and Sports dept. staff, and UCSD people who 
follow 1M sports. That's a lot of 
readers! 

~ 

If you know a business that would 
be Interested In sponsoring the 1M 
,..e, pl .... call Mike at 534-3466. 

Graphics by Joe Pan 

23 -. 



j .1 

24 SPORTS 

·2ND SIDE 
CHRIS SCHREIBER 

Spice Up These 
Soccer Games 

It is often said about 
UCSD tudent s ,hat we have 
no school !>pi rl t and no pride 
in our sports teams and 
becau e we don ' , show up in 
drove to support our athletes 
when they compete aga inst 
other teams. A prime example 
of this theory is the women' s 
soccer team, a team that won 
the national championship 
last year but sti II can ' t 
manage to attract significant 
student support. 

While I find it impossible 
to deny the fact that UCSD 
students lack spirit, I think 
that in the case of the 
women's soccer team there 
might be a deeper explana-
tion : they ' re too good. 

UCSD's ladies simply beat 
the tar out of their opponents 
on a regular basis. Most of 
their games are decided by 
halftime, and involve the 
complete dominalion of their 
foes from the tarung whi stl e 
to the final dribhle. To put It 
Simply, they ' re boring. 

To watch a women's 
soccer game at CS O is to 
ob. erve a f0regone conclu-
sion - yet another bUll-
whipping by the Tritons. 
Look at some of the tati tics 
from the regular season . The 
Tritons ran up a cumulative 
61-goal surplu . outscoring 
their opponent 66 to five 
while accumulating 16 wins 
and only one los. And 14 of 
the 16 wins were shutouts, 
with the Tritons' foes 
regi tering a fat donut on the 
scoreboard. Yawn ... 

Sports fans crave drama, 
intrigue and excitement. 
While true connoi s eurs of 

so~cer might appreciate these 
thrashings, the average 
student quickly becomes 
bored with the certainty of 
the owtcome. 

If the ladies want to draw 
larger crowds for the playoffs 
or for next season, they ' ve 
got to do something to add 
more verve to the games. 
Luckily, I've got a few 
suggestions to add more 
thrills to their contests, and 
help the team improve on the 
basics at the same time. 

First, play the entire 
second half with nothing but 
forwards . After building up a 
commanding lead in the fir t 
half, have no players on 
defense with the exception of 
the goalie. Not only will this 
allow the other team 's pitiful 
forwards a few shots on goal , 
but it will also build up the 
skills of the goalie at stopping 
uncontested shots. The 
Tritons will still win , over-
whelming the opposition ' 
goalie with inces ant shots, 
but it will be fun to watch. 

Secondly, the Triton ladie 
should be forced to head the 
ball once every third time the 
ball is touched. Ju t think 
how well they would use their 

See YAWN, Page 22 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, November 7, 1996 

PORT--~ 
Cal Lu's Regals 
Dethroned, Again 
DEJA VU: For the fifth time in the last six years, 
UCSD defeated Cal Lu in the NCAA First Round 
By Sean Rahlml 
Sports Editor 

Almost every year, the Cal 
Lutheran women's soccer squad 
makes it to the NCAA playoffs, 

only to abruptly lose 
to UCSD in the first 
round. This scenario 
has played itself out 
in four of the last 
five years: 1991 (0-
2), 1992 (2-3), 1993 
(0-1) and 1995 (0-
2). 

So when the Regals made their 
annual bu ride from Thousand 
Oaks to La 10lla Wednesday night 
fon fir t-round matchup against 
their hated rival , they were look-
ing to change hi story and knock 
off the No. I squad in the nation. 
They were due for a win, right? 
Wrong. 

To the delight of Tnton fans, 
UCSO advanced to the NCAA 
Regionals in San Antonio, Texas 
with a 3-0 defeat of Cal Lutheran 
at Triton Soccer Stadium last night. 
UCSD got a goal from senior 
midfielder Brandie Hayungs and 
two more from tar forward 

"Scorin '" Lauren Johnson to deci -
sion the Regals forthe second time 
this season. UCSO blew out Cal 
Lu 5-0 at home on September 30. 

"It was hard because we beat 
them by such a large margin last 
time, and so they have nothing to 
lose," Johnson said. "There's noth-
ing like the playoffs, and there 's 
so much pressure. You have to try 
to stay calm.': 

The Regals · came out of the 
gates like a runaway train , pres-
suring the Triton midfield . UCSO 
expected the visiting squad to sit 
back on defense and hope for over-
time, but the Regals cha llenged 
the home team and took a lot of 
chances in the middle of the field . 

"The), came out tonight tryi ng 
to come at u fro m the back." Tri -
ton Head Coach Brian McManus 
said. "They have quick players and 
they took chances, trying to pre -
sure us and hoping that we would 
play little touches and so ft ball s. 
But once we started say ing that 
it 's not working, we created some 
space for Ele [Johnson) and Christa 
(WemmerJ ." 

In the 19th minute. Ele and 
Wemm e r 
worked the ball 
down the le ft 
si d e lin e . 
W e mm er's 
crossi ng pass 
was picked up 
by Hayungs at 
the left corner 
of the penalty 
box . 

The co-cap-
tain reared back 
and blasted a 
shot that curved 
over the head of 

YakOY ZOlotorev/Gusrdlan Reg a' I 
Jump: Shelbie Thiele hurdles a Regal defender. netminder Amy 

Zakl Rubenstein/GuardIan 

Party time: Co-captain Kelly Kramer (left) congratulates her team-
mates in the 3-0 win over Cal Lu in NCAA First Round action . 

Walz and into the goal for the 1-0 
lead. 

"Chri sta wa sitting at practice 
last night with a white face and the 
'nu and she wouldn ' t go home when 
I told them to leave. he played 
great tonight ," McManus aid . 

"I was very nervous," Wemmer 
admitted. "But the crowd helped, 
[they 1 were great and they make it 
fun to play. I'mjust glad that [our 
next game) is not in Minnesota. It 
cou ld be anywhere, as long as it 's 
not Minnesota." 

Both squads traded scoring op-
portunities, but the half ended with 

. the score unchanged. Leading 1-0, 
UCSD did not want to sit on their 
lead and Lauren scored the second 
goaJ"ofthe game only two minutes 

into the second half. Her crossing 
altempt from the right sideline 
deflected off a Regal defender and 
aga in sa iled over Walz' s head, giv-
Ing the Tritons a 2-0 advantage. 

Lauren rapped up the scoring 
13 minutes later wi th her second 
tally of the contest. Ca l Lutheran 
j umped out on a breakaway at the 
Triton end of the field and seemed 
de tined to notch a goal, but co-
captain Kelly Kramer hustled all 
the way from the mid-stripe to 
knock the ball away . 

From there, UCSD pushed the 
ball up the field and after Wemmer 
dribbled past a couple of Regals, 
she was tackled down just above 
the Cal Lu IS-yard box, receiving 

See TEXAS, Page 19 

I 


