
, . 

.::t '-1 :t'.'j: l::t ~1:11 
UCLA ........... to 
...... 1110Ion 
LOS ANGELES - In an 
effon to make up for the 
declining state of education 
funding, UCLA is gearing up 
for a $1 billion fundraising 
campaign. The collective 
effon of administrators, 
faculty members and students 
will be used to generate 
money to fund evc.rything 
from new scholarships to new 
buildings. Outgoing UCLA 
Chancellor Charles Young is 
an avid supporter of the 
campaign and has made it the 
top priority of his remaining 
tenure. 

- The Daily Bruin 

Method to Sterilize 
Beef Perfected 
MANHATTAN, Kan. -
Kansas State University 
researc~ers have perfected a 
steam-pasteurization process 
for beef carcasses which 
reduces E. coli and other 
bacterial risks . Steam pasteur-
ization involves puuing the 
carcasses into a slightly 
pressurized chamber at room 
temperature and then sprayi'lg 
them with steam. The surface 
temperature of the beef is 
increased to 195 or 200 
degrees Fahrenheit , after 
which the carcasses are 
sprayed down with cold water. 
The pr cess, which kill s 99.9 
percent of all organisms on the 
beef, was developed hy a meat 
processing company in 
Belvuc, Sweden and tested 
and perfected at KSU . 

- Ko/lsw State Collegian 

UT Student Had 
Violent Past 
AUSTIN, Texas - A Un iver-
sity of Texas student who killed 
his wife, daughter and then 
himself Sunday had a history of 
domestic violence, police said. 
Michael Wilson, ajunior 
Hebrew major, shot his wife 
Luann and 4-year-old daughter 
Charissa after a domestic 
dispute at their university 
apartment. UT Police Captain 
Silas Griggs said it is possible 
that Wilson shot his wife 
because she called 911'. Her 
death was recorded on the 9:37 
a.m. phone call to the'emer-
gency service. 

-The Daily Texan 

PEACHY 
HIATUS: The Presidents 
of the United States of 
America rock SOMA. 11 

OPINION: Whose hi ·tory 
is Black History Month ? 4 

SPORTS: UCSD women'!,> 
basketball clips the VI 'iting 
Sagehen~ by a POIOt. 20 

, H I u c 5 D 

UC SAN DIEGO THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 29, 1996 VOLUME 87, ISSUE 16 

Campus· Debates Charter High School 
FORUM: Community 
discusses proposal's 
merits and drawbacks 
By Anna Valsman 
Senior Staff Writer 

Members of the teering com-
millee for UCSD' proposed char-
ter high school held an open forum 
at the Price Center Theater last 
Monday to discuss issues related to 
the school's creation and mission. 

Committee members explained 
the purpose, eligibility requirements 

and financing of the charter school 
before approximately 60 people. The 
presentation also included criticisms 
of the current secondary-education 
system, including the so-called 
"tracking" sy 'tern prevalent in many 
public schools today. 

If the committee and UCSD In-
terim Chancellor Marjorie Caserio 
approve the propo~al , thc first group 
of freshmen - between 45-50 stu-
dents - would begin attending 
c1asses in fall 1997. 

The school would admit approxi-
mately 50 students each year, until 

the school reaches a maximum of 
180-200 students. lasses would 
each have a total of no more than 15 
students. 

Vice Chancellor of Student Af-
fairs Joseph Watson's Feasibility 
Task Force, commissioned by 
Caserio to examine various issues 
surrounding the proposed school-
including faci lity and resource avai l-
ability - is cheduled to announce 
ils findings during the second week 
of March. 

Speakers at thc forum included 
Marshall College Provost Cecil 

Lytle, chairofthe proposed schoul's 
steering committee, Teacher Edu-
cation Program (TEP) Director 
Hugh Mchan , Marshall College 
Dean Raphael Hernandez, TEP As-
sociate Director Randy Souviney 
and Andrew Sutherland, Lytle's stu-
dent intern on the project. 

According to Mchan, immigrants 
and minorities have been histori -
cally "trapped into a lower and le~s ­
rich and less-rigorous academic ar-
rangement[than the rest of society). 

"The tracking system has pretty 
See SCHOOL, Page 8 
. 

.WILL You MARROW ME? Audio-VisUal 
Services Suffers 
$5,700 Theft 

Alit Maclsaac/ Guardlon 
This won't hurt a bit: Revelle freshman Suan Lu was one of approximately 300 donors to 
give blood In the national bone-marrow campaign Wednesday at UCSD. See story, page 15. 

I COMPUTER: PowerMac and 
computer projection panel 
stolen from Center Hall ffice 
By Anand Patel 
Staff Wnter 

Audio-Visual (A/y ) ervll.:c~ ~tiln melll -
htr Tom Rinella reported the the l'! 01 $5,700 
worth of electronics equipment from a sec-
ond-floor enter Hall offi ce ea rl y Wednes-
day morning, F..-:b . 21. The equipment sto len 
from the A/y offil:e l:OnSiSled of an Apple 
Power Macin tosh l:o mputcr and an L D video 
projec tor. 

Al:cording 10 U SD Police Detective Nate 
Floyd, one or more suspects entereu a sccond· 
!'Ioor enter Hall c1as~ro!lm between 5:30 
p.m. Tuesday and 8:45 a.m. Wednesday. They 
then l: ut a I O-by- 15-inch hole in I he wa II 10 
gain access to Ihe adjacent A/y office . 

"[The thieve!'> 1 used some kind or CU lling 
tool to make a hole big enough for a person to 
fit through ," Floyd said. 

Although the burglars entered the A/V 
office by way of the hole , they probably ex -
ited through the door. Floyd ex plained that 
the electronics equipment would have been 
too bulky to fit through the hole. 

Floyd added that it IS probably not a cO in-
ci dence that the thieves broke into that par-
ticular A/Y offic e. 

See lOSS, Page 10 

Students Argue Over California Civil Rights Initiative 
VOTE: Detractors hold 
counter-prote t near 
Price Center event 
By Esther Yoon 
Staff Writer 

Heated debate filled the Price 
Center Cove Wednesday afternoon 
as a panel of UCSO commu nity 

member.,di\cu~,ed recent inttiatives 
aimed at dismantling affirmal1ve-
aClion poliCIes in the 'C sy~tem and 
across the state. 

The open forum , sponsored by 
the UCSD civtl-nght~ coalition, No 

Retreat! , ~parked new debate over 
the Cal ifornia iv tl Ri ghts Initia-
tive (CCRI), an amendment to the 
California State Constitution pro 
posed by Gov. Pete Wilson, which 
seek~ to eliminate race- and gender-
based puhlic em ployment, educa-
tion and contracting practices in 
California ~ta te operations. 

The forum featured speakers from 
both \ide~ of the Issue, including eth-
nic studies Professor George Lipsitl., 
Patrick Velasqucl. from OASIS, lit-
erature department Chair Rosaura 
Sanchet. litcrature As~iate Profcs-

See PANEL, Page 15 
, 

- I 

Mark Patterson/GuardIan 
M.klne his point: Professor Emeritus of biology Willie Brown 
discusses the impact of eliminating affirmative-action policies . 



2 NEWS 

Methods of Inquiry: 
Learning How to Leam 
THINKING: UCSD study shows that MOl students 
have higher GPAs and are more likely to graduate 

"My experience has been that 
Staff Writer students who have taken MOl al-

A sludy conducted in 1992 by 
UCSD's Student Research/lnfor-

most always do very well in my 
courses bccau~e they know how to 
take notes, how to study and they 
learn the kind of argument that is 
important at the university level ," 
ethnic studies Professor George 

mution ~howed that students who 
took Methods of Inquiry (MOl), a 
two-unit course taught at UCSD, 
had higher grade point averages 
(GPAs) and gradua-
lion rates than thuse 
who did n'll take the 
course. 

Founded by Pro-
I c~'or Em.:ritus of 
hiology Willie 
Brown in 1l)90, the 
MOl wurse IS pat-
terned after ~ simi -
lar one taught at the 
Stale Universily of 

N~w York al Buf-
f~lo . Browll -
~I(lng with his wi Ii! , 
Marsha II College 
Honors A chle v e-
ment WorhhopCo-
llrdi nator Munuelita 
Brown , and 

Mar~h~1I College 
Learning Skill~ 
Cuun:.<:lol Rich 
Engler - developed 
MOl In Ihe hopes of 
" increasing the pool 
(II act i ve learners on 
\:'lIllpU~ . " 

Quile simply, the 
~oursc's goal is to 
leach studenlS "how 
10 be hctter learn-
ers ." 

"MOl give. 
students the 
skill. that 
en.ble them to 
succeed beyond 
a [fixed] level, 
because even at 
the graduate 
level or a. 
profe.sors, 
I •• nlng how to 
I .... n I. more 
Important than 
knowing wlud to 
I •• rn." 

Lipsitz said. 
Geared to -

ward changing 
student s' total 
views of life, 
MOl (.!onsbb of 
more than a lim-
ited set of study 
ski li s. In particu-
lar, MOl takes a 
holistic approa(.!h 
to criti(.!al think-
ing, in that the 
technique is 
grounded in the 
importam:e of 
" asking the right 
questions." 

" It's impor-
tant to ask your-
sci I' quest ions 
aboutyourgoab 
- about your 
lecture notes -
when reading 
your textbook , 
when (figuring 
out! what' sgoing 
tobconthecxam, 
when managing 
your time," 
Engler said. 

"In terms of 
" Natural think -

ing abilities that 
people utilized as 
children in tcrms of 

- Georce Upsltz using questions 
Professor of not just how to 

Ethnic Studies Department study, but to get 

I he i nqu i ry process arc 1 no Ion ge r 
u~edl nccause emphasis is placed 
on n'temoril.ing facts and regurgi -
tOIling the informalion, ralher than 
IIguring Ihings out," Professor 
Bmwn said. "MOl teach~s ,tll -
dents 10 use Ihe~e natural thinking 
skills in a classroom selling." 

~lIrshall junior Aarthi Myer 
\: redited MOl for giving her Ihe 
"wnfidencc and consblency" to 
,ignificantly raise h\!r GPA. 

"I h;lve lIIore comm.lnd of my 
ille in lerms of time management 
und accomplishing goals," Myer 
,aid . " MOl ha, taught Ille 10 fiN 
clarify what ' ~ Illlportanllo m..: and 
Ihen hI sel out a mission of how 
I ' m gOing 10 get ther\! ... usmg MOl 
,trategiesllfgolll setting,lask man-
agcllll!nt and selling (new! go"b 
oncl! you've accomplished your 
loldl gO;lls." 

Pmfessorsalso praised the MOl 
wurse asexl'ellent preparation for 
university coursework . 

at what the pro-
":s~or is thinking, MOl is a sophis-
ticated sct of study skills," he added. 

Profes~or Brown said the imme-
diat\! applicability of MOl strate-
gies is what sets it apart from other 
study techniques, 

" It 's not like you're tak:ng a 
study-skills (.!ourse one quarter and 
then applying it the next quarter," 
he said. " You apply the MOl ~trat­
egie~ directly to the cour~es that 
you arc now taking, su(.!h that you 
learn history at the same time Ihat 
you learn how to study history, you 
learn malh at the same time thill you 
learn how to study mmh," 

Lipsitl dubbed the MOl course 
" one of the bes t programs al 
UCSD." 

"MOl docs an extraordinary job 
of teaching students how to usc the 
currency of the universilY - Ihat 
is, 10 understand the Ihinking be-
hind lectures, how to lake notes and 
how to usc your notes to prepare for 

See LEARN, Page 10 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, February 29, 1996 

ETCETERAe e e 

, 
L-L-"~ ______ ~~~ 

BRIEFLY ••• 

DC Treasurer Herbert Gordon Retires 
UC Treasurer Herbert M. Gordon ,will retire from the 

post which he has held for 18 years on Aug, 6, 1996, the 
date of his 60th birthday. 

Gordon said he decided to end his 26-year career 
with the university because it is "the right time for me in 
terms of professional achievement and future, personal 
goals: 

Gordon, a UC Berkeley graduate, joined the UC 
Treasurer's Office in 1970 after 11 years as an invest-
ment officer for Bank of America . He became assistant 
treasurer in 1973 and was appointed treasurer by the 
UC Board of Regents in 1978. 

When Gordon first began managing the university's 
investment portfolio in 1970, it had a combined value of 
about $600 million. The portfolio is now valued at $32 
billion, more than 50 times what it was worth 28 years ago. 

Irish Band Altan to Perform at 
Early St. Patrick'. Day Conc.rt 

Altan, Widely considered to be the best traditional 
Irish band to emerge from Ireland in two decades, will 

I perform In a pre-St. Patrick'S Day concert March 10 in 
. MandeVille Auditorium at 8 p.m. 

The award-winning group has been featured at major 
festivals and concert tours throughout the world . Com-
menting on the group, The New Yorker wrote, "It 's 
difficult to imagine traditional Celtic music sounding any 
more vital than when it's being performed by this 
electrifying, young, super group from Dublin." 

The quintet consists of Mairead Ni Mhaonaigh, playing 
the fiddle and singing songs in her native Gaelic and 

English; Ciaran Tourish, fiddle; Ciarc~n Curran, bouzouki; 
Oaithi Sproule, guitar; and Dermot Byrne, accordion. 

Altan has released five albums and won awards for 
the year's best Celtic album in 1990 and 1992, 

Tickets are $18 for general admission, $16 for faculty 
and staff and $14 for students. Tickets are available at the 
University Box Office or at Ticketmaster locations. 

Essay" PhotOI and Short StOrl.1 
Iy Women of Color Needed 

Alternative Visions, a journal for women of color, is 
seeking essays, short stories, poems, drawings and 
other artistic creations by women of color. 

Entries can be dropped off at the Cross·Cultural 
Center. For more information, call 550-1996 or e-mail 
jolympia@ucsd,edu. 

Two UCSD Students Rec.lve Jan. 
IOlworth Scholastic M.rlt Award 

Revelle senior Dana Booth and Muir senior Lesley 
Owens-Pelton are the co·recipients of the first-annual 
Jane Bosworth Scholastic Merit Award, 

The $500 award recognizes leaming.disabled students 
registered with the Office of Students with Disabilities 
(OSD) who have demonstrated high levels of scholastic 
achievement within their respective diSCiplines. 

The donors, Mr. and Mrs, Kenneth Bosworth, de-
cided to create the scholarship after their twin sons, 
who were registered with the OSO, graduated from 
UCSD and went on to graduate school. 

DAN SWEENEY. Feawr6s Editor 
BRENT JOHNSON, Opinion Editor 

D£REI( VAN ItOFTEN, ASSOCiate Oplmon Editor 
DM KIlAFJ, Sports Editor 

TYI'tST: Janet EOOl 

SEAN RAII'M', Assoclare SPOrts Editor 
JIFF NIISIL, Hiatus Editor 

YAIlOY ZOLOTOREY, Photo Editor 
CHUCK flllUYIN, Associate Photo Editor 
HIlDt MUZHIK, Assoclare Pharo Ediror 

DOMINIC u..A, Graphics Editor 
.. DNA LATHAM, Des"" EdItor 

ADV£ItTlIINl ASSISTANT: Cheryl Sasto 
ClltCULAnON ASSIITANTS: lien Chin. PaIllO Manguy, CMsune Pafford, 
Stelan le Stock. A~I Terrar 

ANN BAREFIElD, Advertlsm, Manager 
BOI DeANDREA, Business Office Manager 

M'KE MARTINEZ, Art DIrector 
AI""" TANG, Asst. Business Manlier 
JONN IARIIR, Ad La)'OUt and Design 

JOI 'AN, Graphic Designer 
Editorial : 5~1, News/Fellure.: 534-5226, 
OpInIOn/Spans: 534-6582, "'IlUS: 5~583 
eu.lnen 0IIice: 534-3466, Fea: 534-7691 

...... : luercII~.edu 
Guerdlan OrtIlnt: httP:/;W-·uc.cI·eGu/a-GllII 

UCSD Q".,..." 1500 GUm .. DrI¥e 0318, 
........ , CA 12093-0318 

___ : s.c:an. fIeof. ucso SWIrl! c.o- 800IIdIrW 'A', Itm, 21' 

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ... . .. ~ ......... It • • .... . 

i 
c 

s. 

Thursday, February 29, 1996 The UCSD Guardian NEWS 3 

UCSD Academic Senate Raises Maximum Unit Limit to 240 
DEBATE: Amended 
1991 proposal sets 

. university-wide policy 
By Marianne Vlgi ~ 
Senior Scaff Writer 

UCS D sludcnt~ with double ma-
jors L:;tn now hang around campus a 
lillie bil longer, bccause the Aca-
demiC Senate voted Tuesday 10 in-
crease Ihe maXlillum uilitii mllation 
for ~uch qudcnt, 10 240. 

The propo~al ()n~lIlaliv ca lled 
for a ZOO-unit cap lor ,lUdent, with 
double majors. I'he ~ena h.· unani-
mously pa~sed Ihe mcasure onl y 
after r,llIfYlllg several umcndments. 
()n~ of which wa, 10 r'lI~e the cap by 
.. W unils. 

Because or a proVision in the 
policy which increased the number 
of upper-d ivision das~es required 
in each major from eight 10 10, 

double majors may need even more 
time to graduate. 

Most departments already require 
a minimum of 10 upper-d ivision 
clas es to complete a major, accord-
ing 10 Committee on Edu~alional 
Policy (CE P) Chair A ld en 
M osshammer. Headded Ihallhe vole 
si mply makes the requirement ..t 
university-wide policy. 

"Elghl courses within a deparl -
m ' nl is simply not enough to earn 
the distinction of having a major in 
a certaill licld," Mo~shammer said. 

DUring recent ye~rs, many ha~e 
exprcs\cd conru~lon over what the 
double-major policy re,llIy en-
lalled. Untt! Ihe beginning of Ihl\ 
quarter, acadcl11l(; advl\ors had 
been approving double major~ on 
the assumption that the CEP had 
approved a 1991 proposal which 
gave double majors a higher Illaxi -
mum-unit Ii mil. 

Biology Professor Doug Smilh 
had the same impression. 

" I was the chair of (Ihe! CEP (in 
1991! when ( thought we had re-
solved thi s issue," he said . 

However, according to senate 
record~, the Academic Senale never 
made ils fi nal decision. 

Tuesday" s propo~al was inlended 
to clarify Ihe poliCies and prevcnl 
regent interferent:.:. Mmshammer 
said. Because thc U r\:genls priofl -
li7e four-year graduations to make 
room for new students, the CEP 
feared that the rcgcnt\ would Intcr-
vene i r It did not IllIpmc ,omc SOli 
of unll limitation . 

" We need to PUI a deciSIOn In 
the regulalions and do II III udl a 
way as 10 l end ofT regenl regula -
lions syslemwide," Mosshull1l1ler 
sa id. 

However, Revelle College Pro-
vost Tom Bond said he disagreed 

with th e Aca-
demic Se nale's 
aClion . 

"( share 

posal was passed, 
several faculty 
members raised 
concern s Ihat a 
200- unit limit 
would discourage 
slude nts from 
pursuing double 
majors, damaging 
UCSD's abilily 10 
atlracl the besl 

'Iudent~ . Both 
UCLA anu L1C 
Bl!rkelcy have 
higher unll limit 
lor douhle ma -
Jors, although 

CSO's ncw 
IlInll IS high er 
than thaI of any 
other L1C school. 

Mosl oflhe fa\:-

Chuch Nguyen/Guardwn 
Oratory: Biology Professor Doug Smith 
discusses the merits of raising the maximum 
unit limitation for double majors to 240. 

ully members 
present s~emed 10 agree thaI, whi Ie 
some studen ts mighl usc thc highcr 
unillimitatlon to lingaat UCSD for 
live to six years, the majorily of 
double majors compri se UCSD's 
hardest-working students who arc 
after the best in educal ion. 

" I don ' t think students arc trying 
to lind ways to hang around here. 
They arc payi ng 1,600 ;1 quarter i n 
fees," Bond said. 

Smi th added Ihal even if ~tudent ~ 
do take a few quarters longer to 
graduat\!, il is ultimately 10 thei r 
benefit. 

Accordi ng to Bond, fiflh-Y\!.lr 
se lll (lrs arc a rea lil y, regard less of 
whClher Ihey Me double lIIajors or 
not. 

"We allow our weaker~ludenl~ 
to take five ycars OIl 16 UIlIt\ p..:r 
year 10 graduale With olle maJor," 
he s~id . " Why shouldn ' t our be~l 
students be allowed 10 take fi ve 
years at 46 unils a year 10 ge t a 
douhle major'!" 

Chuck Nguyen/ Guardian 
Vote: The Academic Senate approves by a healthy margin Sm ith 's amendment to 
the original proposal, which would have limited students to 200 units . 

Professor 
M osshammer ' s 
concerns aboul 
legislative , an d 
now regenl inter-
ference with aca-
demic issues such 
as time to dcgn:e, " 
Bond said. "[' m 
not sure that pre-
empt ive capltula-
lion is the best so-
IUlion, however." 

Before Ihe 
mod i fi ed pro-

"1\ gi ves sludents an opportunity 
to find Ihemselves heller Ihan Ihey 
had heen," he said. " It's a lillie skin 
of Tour backs and a greal help to our 
\tudents. " 

Another provi~ion in the policy 
prohibits double majors wi thin Ihe 
sc hoo l of engineering or Ihe same 
academic (kpar'lIlent. Thelinal pro-
vision allows ,Iudenls who have de-
clared a second major - hUI will 
not be ab le 10 complete hUlh - 10 
graduate upon Ihe completion o f 
one. 

An outstanding fetlowship program is available for junior minority 
students. The Summer Institute offers : 

• Full fellowship for Summer 1996 Including stipend, room, 
board, tuition and supplies 

• Room accommodations a,e Ilnlle bedrooms with Internet 
access and dally cleaning service 

• Opportunity to receive a two-year funding package for 
graduate study at a school of public policy or International 
affairs 

The purpose of the seve n-week program is to provide skllt 
development through courses in policy skills, international affairs, oral 
and written commUnication Skills, quantitative methods and economics. 
The deadline Is March 15, 1996. For information and application 
materials contact Elaine Chang elalnec@u.washlngton.edu .or 
(206) 534-4900 or· viSit our web site 
http://www,gspa.washlngton.edu/Wnlon/wllsonhome.htrnl 

I NTU IT, a leading software development 
company, the makers of Quicken and TurboTax are 
now expanding their business into Cyberspace. We 
have Sohware Development positions available and 
will be on campus to interview on Monday, March 
11, 1996. 

We are interested in meeting Computer Science 
majors who have some experience or knowledge 
about develop ing, distributed systems, client server 
architectures or Internet applications , We seek 
to hire thos6 w i th strong analytical skills, the 
independent thinkers, and the high achievers , 

To leam more about these opportunities, please 
see your Career Se rvices Center and schedule your 
appointment. Students from the Masters Program and 
undergraduates with high grade point overages are 
encouraged to apply. 

$.~ fOf 

FREE 
EYE EXAM 

with purchase of 
Soft Contact Lenses 

• Bring your Rx I 
I Dispo able Acuvue 16 lenses I $32 * I 
• Daily Wear OSI $29,95 *. I Extended Wear Ciba $39.95 *1 

Tinted Daily Wear Ciba $59,95· 
I Colored WJ $120· I 
• 

Chunges Brou:n to Blue $120 * I 
Tone Lenses 161tnstSI 

• By appoonunent only No checks accepted • 
SpecllllS 8~ to most ~rescnptlons 

2617 Clairemont Drive 
1 block east 01 1·5 

275·1732 

Volunteers are needed for Research Drug FREE 
Study, All testing and study medications are 

Qualified participants will be paid up to $360 
for participation 

436 5189 Ask for DIanna, Helen Call - or SilVia 
Warren W. Pleskow, M.D. 

DIPLOMATE, AMERICAN BOARD OF ALLERGy/tMMUNOLOGY 

I , 

Plane!: 

Best bargain fare seats 
are available until Feb. 29th. 

Summer Course starts June 16th (May 25th at Cal). 
You can begin reviewing with our Home Prep Pack on April 17th. 

Cozne Fly With tile Best A 
455-1000 • 800 MD-BOVND< MPIOFESSlc1fr > 

.JI!1U. ... __ I ___ • ... II 
,c-71UI!.I·,.CII7111'!1 PIF1 atDISE 

"" f1"117BTI GET SEllIIS AID" THE TEST. V 



4 OPINION 

EDITORIALS 
Editorial Board 

TEDO LADO. Editor in Chief 
ANNA VAISMAN. Co-Managing Editor 
SIMONE MILLER. Co-Managing Editor 

BRENT JOHNSON. Oplmon Editor 
TERRY LEW, Associate News Editor 

rhe UCSD Gu.,dIlJn IS pubhSheO h¥,ce a wee'" It the UOIverltly of Callfomia. San Diego. Contents 
C 1996. ViewS ea.pressed herein represent the ma,oflty YOte 01 the eOlto(lal bOard. and ate not 

necessilflly those of the UC Board 01 Recents. the ASUCSO. nor the enure Guilrd,an staH. 

campus Chart .. High School 
Deserves Help From the Top 

UCSD need~' a chancellor who will fake a stand. Sound 
familiar? It was the title of an editorial in last week's 
Guardian, and it will take center stage again this week. We 
are prodding Interim Chancellor Caserio to action not 
because we dislike her personally, but because we believe 
she has a chance to do something incredible here at UCSO 
- if only she would get over her stage fright and act on 
Marshall College Provost Ceci l Lytle ' s proposal for an on-
campus charter high school. 

The school' s steeri ng commillee held an open forum 
Monday to discuss various issues surrounding the project. 
Sixty people attended. Caserio was not one of them. 

Caserio has said her main concern is that we "do it ri ght," 
and that "we cannot afford to fail." interim Chancellor 
Caserio, we will never know if failure is even like ly unless 
we try. 

Caserio has formed a task force to study the feasibility of 
the school, and that task force will report back to her in the 
second week of March . 

However, the committee's report should not maUer. 
Caserio is UCSO's current campus leader (interim or not), 
and the ,proposal lives or dies at he r hands. If the commillee 
says the school isn't feasible, she l'hould make if feasible . In 
fact, what was the purpose of forming a committee in the 
first place? Is s he so afraid to make a decision that she 
needs the approval of others to te ll he r what she a lready 
knows? 

Interim Chancellor Caserio, please leave your ivory 
tower, and come down to the people. We want thi s school , 
and so do you. Trust us on thi s one. 

UCSD's A.S. Council: the 
Good, the Bad ... the tJtJy 
The ,ood ... 

Oe~pite the endless s tream of mindless babble and 
pointless debate flowing from the AS. Council this year, in 
certain instances it still manages to redeem itself. Such was 
the case with last week ' s full -sca le vorer-registration drive. 
The efforts of the A.S. External Affairs Office - and in 
particular, VP Externa l Brian Dowd - should be com- _ 
mended. Dowd estimated that approximately 90 percent of 
students who perused the various AS. tables aro und campus 
chose to register. He put the event ' s totals at over 200 
students registered, with about 100 students filling out 
absentee ballots. An e vent as successful as the voter dri ve 
provl!s not only that some office rs are sti II representing 
student~ ' need~ and concerns , but also that the A.S . can ~till 
mal-e a uifference at CSD. ongratulations for a job well 
uonc . 

The bad ... 
The 1\.5 C ouncil I"" been tr) Ing to pull a fast one on the 

,tudent body with ih n:eent proposal o f ill' almost <1;30 fee 
IIII-e. v.hlch· will be placl.:d on the upcOInlng spring ballot. 
fhe bul k of the enorm {)lI~ co .. ;[ i~ all ocated to fund intercol -
legiate athleti "S , a caLfse for which the administration, not 
th~ ,tutit;nb , ~hollid Ila e to foot the bill. But that aside, the 
A.S . slipped in its 011'11 fee increase - $4.50 - for A.S .-
related activities, knowing full well that the UCSO student 
body would not support (illY fee hikc for our ineffective 
... tudent government a lone. If the AS. wants to raise its 
Student Activity Fee, it ~hould do so independently . Sneak-
ing in a $4.50 charge under the guise of an athletic fee hike 
amount~ to nothing short of political trickery . 
The uCly... ~ 

Last week's A.S. Counci l meeting was a comedy of 
errors . Not only did Oowd and severa l other 
councilmembers storm o ut of the meeting after whining 
about how overworked and unappreciated they are, but A.S . 
President Naomi Falk had the gall to call her post a "jai l 
sentence." If she doesn't like it, maybe she should resign. 

I 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, February 29, 1996 

PINION 
No!hing But Crime 

I Assaull& BaUer.Y Channel 
® Cold-Blooded Sex 
CBS 

1©Lt.~ Unclo!hed,~rn~rap-hic & Naked 
~~ Wounded Badl.Y-ItZtiR~~~ 

T~L~VISION IN TU( SOS ay'96 
BLACK HISTORY MONTH 

DISTORTS BLACK HISTORY 
COMMENTARY: Once again, revisionist history serves to perpetuate 
racism rather than paint an accurate picture of the past 
By Fa,.am Shadab only a culture tied to prehistoric ideals of transmitted heri-
Special to the Guardian tage could - a culture that wishes not to foster the spirit 

In theory, Black History Month may appear to be a of independence, personal responsibility and self-deter-
testament to the relentless spirit of an oppressed people. mination, but rather wishes to instill sensibilities of vic-
In reality, it is a racist celebration, seething with misplaced timization. It is a culture which teaches its progeny that 
and misbegotten animosity. . their history should be derived from their genealogy and 

Only wishful thinking could render Black History bloodlines. 
Month a great event whose time has come. In fact, Black Surely some cultures will have more to contribute than 
History Month celebrates a host of political and histori- others by mere virtue of their achievements. Some soci-
cal falsehoods swallowed whole by a culture scrambling eties stagnated for thousands of years. while others pro-
to appease a fomlerly oppresscd people. gressed remarkably in a single century. In such an under-

The Black histoncalmovement, as an example of his- taking, one will inevitably be left with a son ofhie.rarchy 
~ , , of cultuml signiiicance, including Impor-torical revisionism, goes beyond telling 

I he "black story." Rather, it sets out to 
undermine Western history and inven 
the entire hierarchy of historical value. 
The irony. however, happens to be a his-
toric one: People forcefully separated 
from their history and culture before 
wish to separate themselves from their 
hi story and culture !tOIV. 

To the proponents of Black History 
Month. history is not a universal phe-
nomenon; it is a racial and cultur.al one. 
But they err in thll1kl ng that rac ism 
doesn ' t cut both ways. forgetting that 
,In) positl\c ~l~SOCI .. tllln ()f skill color to 
Identit y, no maHer \\ho claims it. con-
., tltutes raCI' Ol . BIJck HI,tory Morth IS 

raCI~1l1 dl'guised as rcci.lmati on. 
r.,ychologicall y , pcJki ng. it is ojlhe 

utmost IInpOitancc thai we know who 
we are and from ,,,herc we came. nlis 
enables u, to fonn an ,1I.:curate com:cp-
tion of ourselves. But we w ille from our 
mothers, nOI a herilagl!. Human beings 
arc bom blank into a world when: Ihey 
can eitherexbl independenlly or depen-
dently. The successfu l a 'ceptance of 
Black History month involve cheap 
appea~ement of people who were op-
pressed in the past. Very simply, this is 
fallacious logic: Blacks have had a bad 
hislory, thus they deserve a month of 
thl!ir own. 

'~ tance and priority. Within some cultures. 
.. ", ~ ..... one may find ans~er.; to perenl~ial. ques-

• tions of human eXistence and, wlthm oth-
ers, nothing but a dead end. 

Black History 
month calls 
upon blacks to 
take pride in 
their 
'blackness. ' 
How can one 
take pride, or 
feel shame, for 
that which is 
accidental, for 
that which they 
did not earn? 

A fair apparaisal of historical cultures 
highlights the real problems wi th Black 
History Month. No one can argue that 
the culture of some outback tribe of ab-
origines equaled the Greco-Roman civi-
lization. The tribe simply didn 't pass on 
anything from which we could leam. 
One should not fear 10 judge one culturc 
beller than another, to pronounce aLi 
Gerrmmy as evil, theocrallc Imn a~ back-
wards. and the United States as magnl fi-
cent. 

As long .IS history is lied to race and 
culture, you leave it open to the el1 vie~ 
and jCJlous p,lSsions of thc various cul-
tures. When identity and race arc such 
good bedfe llows, one has a vested II1I\:r-
est in seeing hi s culture as superior to 
olher cultures, because hi s identity is at 
stake. 

The fi r, t step ip opening one~e lf to 
the awe,ome d IlMin of true hbtory is 
to become an indi vnJuJ li '>t. At one time, 
everyone had 1I uni versal , cmmopol ilan 
model of hisLOry. With the recent multi-
cultural pollt iC.11 movements a!ld revi-
sionist academic tum" knowledge .lIld 

Black History month call~ upon blacks to take pride 
in their "bIJckness." How can one take pride, or feel 
shame, for thaI which is accidental, for Ihat which Ihey 
did not earn? What could justify racism of any sort under 
the innocent guise of an "educational" event? Perhaps 

history have laken on a more provincial character. The 
best argument for individuah m is to con ider the depen-
dent state of any allemative. 

As an individuali t, the whole of history is your 
reference. From primitive man's first speech to the 

See REVISION, Page 5 

Thursday, February 29, 1996 The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

COMMEMORATING BLACK HISTORY MONTH 

BLACK CONTRIBU'I10NS: THE POWER OF THE MIND 
By Kathleen Lytle 
Siaft Wmer 

Atncan-Amencans have been at 
Ihe lorefront of lechnological and 
SOCia l progress In Ameri ca since 
before Ihe lirst slave was ~o ld on the 
aU~ lI on block. Yet. Ihe enslavement 
and ~ublugall on of Atrlcan peoples 
In the Unit ed Slates nccessnaled 
erasure of black hi story. thus Ignor-
Ing blacks' imporlance and conlri -
hution to Amencan soc lely. 

Blacks have made some or the 
grea tes t se ienliJ'i c di scove ri es in 
Ameri can his tory and have de-
lended Ameri C<ln ideals reserved for 
whites agalllst foreign adversari es. 
However. dcsPite the number of 
contnbutlons made by blacks to Ihis 
nat ion. they huve been denied free-
dom and justice. 

Society leaches, and thu ~ many 
believc, thaI blacks are onl y good 
at alhletics. BUI in realil Y, we are 
chcmists, cnginecrs, doctors, educa-
tors and much more. Denied an un-
biased education, bOlh blacks and 
whites are suckered into believing 
racist theories of black inferiority 
and white superiority. Racist ideol -
ogy would have us believe that 
black strength lies in the physical 
and that our minds are not as pow-
erf ul as our bodies. 

When we associate whiteness 
with the mind and blackness with 
the body, we support our own op-
pression, because the mi nd domi-
nates the body. It is in the black 
mind wherc we will find black 

power. We must leam, as.shou ld all 
of America, about the massi ve con-
tributions by African-Americans to 
this nation. 

For example: .. 
Norbert Rillicux invenled the 

evaporaling pan. revolutioni .l ing the 
process of sugar refirring. Granville 
T. Woods, an cxperl in electric mo-
tors, crcated the walkie-talkie. Ben-
jamin Banneker designed and sur-
veyed Washinglon D.C. and also 
compiled the first U.S. almanac. 
Lcwis Howard Latimer, pan of Tho-
mas Edi son's research team, was a 
pioneer in the development of the 
clectric li ghl bulb. Elijah McKoy 
in vented a device which lubricated 
machines while in usc. In fart . 
people so favored McKoy 's inven-
tion over imitations Ihat most would 
not acccpt anything other Ihan Ihc 
"Real McKoy," hencc the famous 
saying. 

Dr. Daniel Hale Williams per-
formed the first successful heart 
operation in America. Ernest Everett 
Just pioneercd the study of Ihe fer-
tilization, hydration, cell division 
and dehydra tion of living cells. 
Garrell Morgan invented the traffic 
light and the gas mask. Percy Lavon 
Julian synthesized a drug commonly 
used today to treat glaucoma. 
Booker T. Washington molded Ihe 
Tuskegee Institute into a respected 
center for black education . Ben 
Carson separated a set of Siamese 
twins, a procedure that no other sur-
geon at that lime would attempt 10 

We are not 
African, but 
African-American, 
and so we must 
demand justice. 
This land is our 
land because it is 
drenched in our 
blood and sweat. 
perform. 

The lives of black leaders offer 
some of the most disheartening ex-
amples of the American dream un· 
realized. For example, Dr. Charles 
Drew was largely responsible for 
developing a method for separating 
blood plasma and storing it on a 
large scale, a process which saved 
thousands of lives in World War II. 
Drew discovered that blood should 
be segregated by blood type, not by 
race. Drew's research was not only 

crillcalto advancements in medical 
-cience. but it challenged scicmi lie 
racism which insisted Ih:1I signili -
cant biologi cal di fferenees existed 
bel ween Ih e races . adl y. Dr. 
Charles Drew died because ;1 seg-
n:gm.:d hospital would nlll IrCai him 
wuh Ihe blood transfusion techlllque 
he helped to develop. 

Dr. George Wa~hmg ton an er 
developed a process of crop rota-
tiOIl. u ~ ing swecl pot aloes and pea-
nut" wh ich rcv ived the Soulhern 
economy. He di scovered how to 
prodUl:e !lour, alcohol. rubber. vi n-
egar, shoe blacking and ~y rllp fro m 
sweet potatoes, and to ma"c dyes. 
stains, Worcestcrshi re sallce. marga· 
rine. paint and a preparation usc tl 
in the fi ght againsl inrantllc para ly-
sis fro m thc pcanul. By 19 19. tllIC 
to Carve r's efforts. peanuls were 
~econd only to collon as a ca~h crop. 
When Carver wenl to ongress 10 
prcsel1\ hiS finding~. he rode upright 
all night in a "Colored Only" chair 
on a segregated trai n. On a Irip to 
Alabama to discuss his rescarch, he 
was refused service at a hotel be-
l:ause he was black. Carver was con-
sidered hy Henry Ford , Mahalma 
Ghandi and Joseph Stalin to be Ihc 
world 's greatest sClenlisl. Each at · 
Icmpted to rec ru il Carver from the 
Tuskegee Institute, but he decided 
to remain and fi ghl for frecdom and 
cquality. 

Each of these African-Americans 
made critical contlibutions to Ameri-
can socicty. Yet this nation treated 

Ihem as second-class cllllcns. Re-
gardless of thclr conlnbutions and 
sacrilices for Ihe Unlled SliIles. blacb 
are persi~l e ntly denied thell' due. 

Blacks ha\ e also rJ\)..l!d their h\ e, 
to defend a sy~h:m wilich dcnic~ Ihem 
equalit y. DUri ng th e Civil Wa r. 
I ~6. ()OO hllll:ks ~t.!rved In the L nllHl 
Army. hutlhc only Irccdomthcy ~on 
was the n:placclllent 01 ~ Ia "ery wnh 
a new system of subjugallon. During 
World War I. over one nlilhon hlacks 
foughtlilr fr.:cdom ahroad' ~ hilt; suI'· 
Ii: ring under Jim Crow b ws at'IHlIllc. 
A llllo~t 500.000 hla\.! ks ,erved over-
seas during World War II. Over nllll' 
pcrn:nl 01 American casuai lles In Ihe 
Korean War were Aflican-AmericJn, . 
Blacks comprised 13 pcrcelll of thc 
U.S. infant ry in thl: Vie tnam War. a 
war ahout which Dr. Marlin Luther 
King said. hlacks were " I OO-percel1l 
cll i/cn in warfa re, hUI 5()' pcrceni ci ti -
l.en on Amem:an soli." 

Were we fools to ddcnd ideals and 
freedoms denied us'! Possibly. but thi s 
IS our nation now. We arc not Afri-
can , but African-American, and so we 

IIIU~t demand justice. This land is our 
land bccause it is drenched in our 
hloo<.l and swem. 

From Ihe crack of the whip to 
crack cocaine, America has lried to 
subdue our revolution for justice. And 
we have nOl. must not and will not 
rclreat from our cause. Usc your mind, 
gel youreducation and light. Ourwn-
tribulions to this nation demand rec· 
ogni tion in the rorm of equality and 
fu ll citizenship. 
========~~====================~--~========~~ 

REVISION: 
ContInued from page 4 
Egyptian pyramids to the Enlight-
enment, the individualist 's history 
is the hislory of mankind - nol the 
"herstory" of womankind or some 
single culture's narrow view of the 
past. And although the past of all of 
mankind is relevant to an under-
standing of ourselves, if it is not 

passed on, it is not acknowledged. 
Black History Month (or perhaps 

J should say African-American His-
tory Month) is pan of a malicious 
trend lowards using reverse dis-
criminati on to wipe every sort of 
imagined oppression out of exist-
ence. Black History Month threat-
ens something invaluable to any 
society: the reality of its history. 
Once knowledge begins to take on 

different shades of color, the trulh 
is ob cured. 

At thi s point , the "dye" has 
been cast , so to speak, and it is be-
ginning to sel. If it is allowed 10 
stain, the damage wrough t by Ihis 
revisionist trend, as it teaches 
forthcomi ng generalions that their 
idenlity stems nOI from the con-
tents of their minds but of their 
respective ski n colors, will be the 

loss of a universal human idenlily. 
If history is to teach li S anything, 
it should be that a great man is a 
great man, regardless of his race, 
gender or cu Iturc. 

History should be neither 
Eurocentric nor Afrocentric , nor 
written ex lusivcly by the winners or 
conquerers. History wi ll simply be 
the concrele hi storica l truth, open 
only 10 (;lIange by newly discovcred 

knowlcdge. Foisling a momh-Iong 
rccognition or uniquely black hi '-
tory adds to Ihe problem of racism. 
rather than subtracting from it. 

The history of any culture shou ld 
therefore be left to thc objective eye 
of an honest historical approach. 
one grounded in reality and truth, 
judged for what it is, nOI for what 
some individual groups or move-
menls want it to be. 

IF YOU'RE MORE RELIABLE THAN AN INTRAMURAL FLOOR HOCKEY REFEREE 

APPLY TO BECOME 'rHE OPINION EDITORIAL AsSISTANT 
SUBMIT RESUME AND GOVER LEITER BY MARCH 1 1 

The Evolution of Zapotec Qvihzation 
Port 1 : 

From Allo •• OIs fllage 10 Rank·Society 
Port 2: 

Fro. R.k Society to tH EXpalSioisl State 
3:00 PM 

March 4,1996 
Center Hall Rm. 216 

For more Inform allan 
contact Troy Eggleslon 
al (119) 450-9353 
'COIponsortd by Ihe 
AS-UCSD 

Lowest Prices in Town ... 

DISCOUNT BEAUTY 
SUPPLY" SALON 

Guaranteed . , 
We'll Beat Any Competitor's Prices, 

plu 
A I Major Professional Hair Care Lines 
Including: • NEXXUS • KMS 
• PAUl.. MITCHEI..L • ZERRAN • TRI 

Nail Products 
cosmetiCS 

• SORBIE • LANZA • LOGICS 
• TIGI • MASTEY • BIOGENOL Hair Accessories 
• JOICO • PAUl.. BROWN • REDKEN 
• ABBA • IMAGE • MATRIX 

I Sk'n Care 
• MURAD (~In care) SEBASTIAN (Hair care/mafCe up) 

r,---------------------- I 7770 Regents Rd. I Alk n : Bring this in for an IddHlonl1 I 
(Vans Center) I for I $ 0 I 554.0608 : your Dlsco~nt Card: : 

519 UniverSity Ave, 
(Just off 5th in Hillcrest) 

294·2050 
Hours: M-F 10-7. Sat. 10·7, 

Sun. 11 -6 

I Receive lOur Already Discounted prIC •• : 
I $1 I on any purchase of $20 or menl I 
I I I I I OM coupon per cult_ per ¥I& Nat 
I OUr Aha", Discounted prices after I v.11d with .ny other otr.r or CIIICOUIIt I 

JIll compl.te your card. I CUd. !lip. 5131. I 

~-----------------------. 



6 OPINION The UCSD Guardian Thunday, February 29, 1996 

CHARTER SCHOOL NEEDS BE'I9I'ER PLANNING 
Editor: 

I agree with Andrew Sutherland 
that a UCSD charter school is an in-
genious idea, but his rationale is sus-
pect ("UCSD High," Feb. 26, 1996). 
He ~rns to del end the plan mainly 
because minority charter school stu-
dent~ wou Id quaJir y for and enter 
UCSD upon graduation, thereby 
swelhng ourcampu~' minority enroll-
ment ~ignilicantly . This i ~ an unrea-
sonable conclusion. 

Given the charter school's ma~i ­
mum enrollment of 50 students per 
clas~, we can assume that perhaps 25 
wi II he memocr~ of underrepresented 
minorities. If the school educale~ i~ 
students well, perhaps 20 of those 25 
will meet the new admi~sion criteria. 
According to Sutherland's article, a 
combined 762 African American and 
Chicano applicants would have met 
the new criteria Ia.~t year. If we add 
our 20 charter school gmds to thatlig-
ure, we· have an increa.~ of a whop-
ping 2.6 percent. Big deal. 

I also fault Sutherland's usc of sta-
tistics. He states that "under the r~­
gents' (ncw) admission criteria only 
1411 African American students ofthe 
12,527 who applied lalit year could 
attend UCSD." Although this is a dis-
turbing ligure, Sutherland could not 
make his point without also includ-
ing the number of African Americans 
who would have been accepted un-
der the /lId criteria. 

Fortunatcly, Sutherland touched 
on more cogent reasons to support the 
charterschool.lfcrcalOO, it will stimu-
late the chosen students' minds by 
ellposing them to UCSD's riches: its 
lalls, forums, studios and world-re-

now ned experts. If successful, its 
ground·breaking ideas can be incor-
porated into new charter sehools at 
other universities and public high 
schools in poor districts. If the UC 
system IS to achieve signi ficant racial 
diversity, this is where progress must 
ultimately be made. 

Jeff Larsen 

Students Should Not 
Pay for Intemet U .. 
Editor: 

I want to thank Terry Lew and the 
Guardian for a really comprehcn~ive 
article ("Dialing for Dollar.,," Feb. 12, 
1996) covering the costs for dial-in 
Intcrnet use for next year. I am ap-
palled by the idea and think that, as a 
university, UCSD has an obligation 
to provide internet use without cost 
to students because of its imponance 
to education and society today. 

The article not only alerted me to 
the cost issue, but answered nearly 
every question I had. It's good to 
know we have such a competent in-
formation source available. 

JlISCm Johnson 

Editor: 
I am writing to express concem 

about my article which appeared in 
the Feb. 8, 1996 issue of the Guard-
ian. ("StlKk.'flts Need A.S. to Survive") 
The editorial was intended to create 

awarcnc~s at UCSD about the scope 
of duties and functions of the Associ-
ated Students. Unfortunately, my in-

Readers 'Forum 
The Guardian welcomes letters Bfld commen· 
tartes from its readers. All letters must be no 
longer rnan two pages, rypea, double-spaced 
and SIIned. 1Mt __ lIIeo COllUM. p/Ione 
1IIMIIIe,. We reserve the rlfht to edit for length 
and cIIJ(lty. Lerrers may be dro(l(1ed off st the 
Guardl8ll office on tne secOOI1 floor of the 0I(J 
Stuaenr Center (ncnt above the General Store 
Co-op). Send all letters to: 

The GuardIan 
Opinion fl1/lor 

9500 GIlman Dr 0316 
La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 

Fa. : (619) 534· 7691 
e-mail: guardi",.ucSI1.el1u 

put was not requested on the final re-
visions and therefore, I could not cor- . 
reet for any erroo made by the edi-
tors. 

The most serious error concerned 
the student co-operatives. The article 
was edited to suggest that the A.S. 
"funds" the co-ops. This is not true, 
and the original article was not writ-
ten that way. The A.S. supports the 
co-ops by providing liability for them 
and participating in thei r oversight. 
TheA.S. has never funded the co-ops. 
This is a large discrepancy which 
needs to be recognized and corrected. 

Jennirer Nicoll 
A.S. V.P. Administrative 

Editor:r n{}te: The Guardian rt!-
grt!ts the error. 

Editor: 
Bill Glanzmann's piece ("Splitting 

the Nuclear Family," Feb. 12, 1996) 
arguing to bar homosexual couples 
from adopting children uses faulty 
logic which rests on a dubious notion 
of what is healthy and normal. His ar-
gument falls shon on three primary 
counts: that homosc~uality is an un-
acceptable sexual deviancy, that his 
ideas of what constitutes "normal" 
sexuality are rcpresentiti vc of other 
people's views, and that homosexu-
als do nOl somehow deserve the same 
rights as everyone else. 

Glanzmann argues that a same-sex 
family environment could drive a 
child to a deviant and unacceptable 
homosexual lifestyle. The large num-
ber of gays born to heterosexual par-
ents provides ample evidence to the 
contrary. Glanzmann fails to under-
stand that homosexuality, by and 
large, is not something people are 
"convened" to or something people 
choose, but rather something which 
is either recognized or oppressed. A' 
home with same-sex parents would 
rightfully portray homosexuality nOl 
as something to be avoided. but as 
something to be understood. How 
many people would choose to live in 
a society which, as Glanzmann points 
out, marginalizes the gay lifestyle? 

Glanzmann's idea of gender roles 
and what constitutes a normal family 
is also problematic. How can some-
one be so stuck in the past that he 
speaks of fathers providing only 
strength and mothers providing only 

The UCSD Division of Extended Studies and Public Programs Presents 

THE HELEN. EDISON 
~ECTURE SERIES 

This free series of public lectures was established to odvanc~ humonitarion 
purposes and objectives. Sealing is limited, so plan to come early. For further 
information, phone 534·3400. 

GAIL SHEEHY, author 
Mopping Your Life Across TIme 
Monday, March 4, 7 p.m., Price Center Ballroom 8 

Positions available: 
• President 
• Vice President Administrative 
• Vice President Finance 
• Vice Presiqent External Affairs 
• Commissioner, Academic Affairs 
• Commissioner, Communication 

nurturing care'! Even a cursory glance 
at America's families will show that 
Glanzmann's anachronistic ideas of 
normal gender roles are based on 
scant empirical data. It astounds me 
that today an educated individual can, 
in all seriousnes~ , claim that only a 
"traditional" family, with a mother 
and father. can prov ide a beneficial 
and nunuring atmosphere. 

It is the underlying premise of the 
article, however, that homosexuality 
should be avoided at all costs, thus 
undermining the entire piece. 
Glanzmann implies in the first pard-
graph that homosexuality is not ac-
ceptable and goes on to say in the third 
paragraph that ,ame-sex parents who 
adopt violate the child's 'basic human 
rights." The que uon to be asked then, 
is who de\.i!rmines basic human 
rights? From what source does 
Glanzmann derive his authority for 
establishing those rights? 

In reality, what is considered ba-
sic, normal 'and healthy is largely a 
subjective issue and Glanzmann's at-
tempt to universalize his feelings for 
homosexuality is the ultimate arro-
gance. To bar homosexuals from 
adopting is, in essence, rejecting a 
lifestyle which one segment of the 
population docs not understand and 
therefore rejects. If there is a baliic 
human right to be had in this mess, it 
is the right of gays to be shown re-
spect for their "alternative" lifestyle. 
A personal moral qualm with homo-
sexuality should not keep a child out 
of a loving family, whether the par-
ents are single, homosexual or hetero-
sexual. 

Tyler Strand 

Gall Sheehy. author 01 eleven boob including the recenl beslseller. 
New Passages, OOS helped millions 01 readers goin deeper insight into 
their lilieS. Her crilicolly accloimed Passages was named In a library 01 
Congress surWtf as one of lhe most onAuenlial boob 01 our lome. A 
pollticaltournalist and contribuling OOolor 10 Vanity Fair, Sheehy is one of 
Ameroca's most Importanl commenlalors on currenl soclollrends. • Commissioner, Operations/Services & Enterprises 

IITA DOVE, UniNei 5 ...... poet laurea .. (1993-95) 
The Poe,'s World: An American Experi!nce 

_ Wednesday, March 20,7 p.m., Price Center Ballroom A 
Roo Dove is the youngest person-ond the lirsl African Amelicon-la be 
named United States Poet Loureole, the highest official honor in American 
lett!lS. This appointment was renewed for a second year. lhe maximum 
permitted by low. She hos a unique cuhural background. reflected in her 
poetry, which alw earned he< the Pulilzer Prize in 1987. 

DAN YANKELOVlCH, author and commentator 
Hig" Ri.k Leadership: Reversing our Democracy's Decline 
Thursday, March 21, 7 p.m. Copley Internotional Center 
Institute of the Americos Complex, UCSD 
Don Yanlelovich. noted commentator on soclollrend!, Wlilloik about !he 
10sks tnotleodersh,p, 01 011'-15 01 our SOCIety, will hove 10 assume on 
olde< 10 redeem the Amerocan Dream rother than see 01 Ios/Io the ravages 
01 a poslmodero1' world 

".. PuIaIic ......... 
.tfonnaIIon: 534-3400 

-- ---~--~ 

• Commissioner, Programming 
• Commissioner, Student Advocacy 
• Senators: Senior, Junior and Sophomore from each college 

To file or for more information about each position, see the A.S. 
Secretary, 3rd Roor, Price Center, call 534-4451, or e-mail: 
asucsd@ucsd.edu 

. Thursday, February 29, 1996 The UCSD Guardian NEWS 7 

AS. Supports $3 BUlion Bond Initiative I A.S. MEETING NOTES 
MEETING: Council "U ............. ~. ",;Jd. • .... o. .... ,h ..,<"""'" "",,;1_. I AIendoI H 
registers 1,900 students in,s will literally come crashing According to A.S. Vice President ems 

down," Falk said. 'of External Affairs Brian Dowd. I Allocation of $1,000 from Graduations Unallocated to Afrlcan-Ameri-
to vote in next election The A.S. Council supponed the UCSD has the second highest per- can St~dent Union for Black Graduation ceremony. June 15, at the 

initiatiye in a non·binding straw-poll centage of students registered to vote New Creation Church. Passed. 
By Esther Yoon 
Staff Writer 

The A.S. Council came together 
last nrght in overwhelming support of 
Proposition 203, a statewide bond 
measure to upgrade K 12 schools, 
cOlllmunity colleges and public uni-

\cr~l ti e~. 
The initiative, which will be on the 

March 26 primary election ballot , aims 
to raise $3 billion through the sale 01 
bonds 10 seismically ret rofi t and up-
grade oldcrCalifomia public schools. 

vote, with only one councilmember OUt of all California colleges. 
dissenting and one abstaining. 'This is a really great accomplish-

A.S. Commissioner of Communi- ment for A.S .. " Dowd said. "We have 
cutionsFarsarnShadabquestionedthe never, in the history of this council, 
council's involvement with "capital succeeded in registering this many 
improvement issues." students to vote." 

'We are a political body, and I The Extemal Affairs oflice ocgan 
don't sec where capHal improvement voter recruitment efforts with inserts 
should be an issue within our coun- in Winter Quarter tuition statements. 
cil," Shadab said. and conlinued lUbling until last week. 

A forum to discuss the initiative In other business. the council ap-
will be held atJ p.lIl. on Tues., March proved the Student OrganIzation 
5. in Room III A of the Chancellor's Funding BoardandCultuml Program-

I Allocation of $1.000 from Graduations Unallocated to Asian and 
Pacific Islander Student Alliance for APSA annual graduation banquet, 
May 24, at the Bali Hai Restaurant. Passed. 

I Allocation of $350 from Student Organization Conference Travel 
Unallocated to College Democrats for State Democratic Convention in 
Los Angetes , April 12·14. Passed. 

I Allocation of $350 from Student Organization Conference Travel 
Unallocated to Korean American Student Association for KASCon at 
University of Texas, AustIn , March 28-31. Passed. 

I Allocation of $350 from Student OrganizatIon Conference . Travel 
Unallocated to Model United Nations for Western College MUN, 
SessIon IV, In Buena Park, April 11·14. Passed. 111I11rlelllcnted , the hond measure 

would allocate $34.4 milliun toward 
renovati ng older UCSD buildings. 

Complex . Rcpre,enta tive~ from ming Funding Board's recommcnda-
UCSD, SDSU, local community col- tion for Spring Quarter alloclltions to I I 
leges,construcLloncompaniesand the student organizations. Allocation of $350 rrom Student Organization Conference Travel 

Unallocated to Chicanos/Latinos ror Creative Medicine for CMSA/ 
CMAC Conference at UC DaVIS School of Medicine, April 6. Failed. 

HGiven Lhedesperate financial state 
of the university righl now, UCSD's 
maintenance bUdget is deferred. more 
every year," A.S,. President Naomi 
Falk said. 

K-12system will be present. The itemized recommendation, 
Members of the Libertarian party , which amounts 10 approximately 

the only political faction ill California $30,000 in rurlding. for student orga-
to oppose Proposition 203, wi II also nizations, allocales over $ 1,000 to the 
be-present at the fO'llm. Chinese Culture Club, Earth Day 

According to Falk , UCLA 'and 
UCSD are the RIOst at-risk uni versi- ' 
ties within the UC system in terms or 
major disasters. . 

In preparation for the upcoming Coalition, Gabriela Network, Hawaii 
California primary election, the A.S. Club, Intra-Fraternity' Council! 
External 'Affairs office registered Panhellenie, Kilibigang Pilipino and 
1,900 voterS through thl! U.S. mail Objectivism Study Group. 

--------- announces -_---,_L--__ _ 

CURRICUlUM CHANGES 
The Program in Human Development has revamped its 

curriculum. The changes will be in the 1996/97 catalog, 
but we want to let everyone knqw about them now! The 

upper-division requirements for the major have been 
reduced from 16 to 13. The courses are now organized a 
bit differently, too. For a complete rundown of the exc.iring 
new Murnan Development curriculum, contact Rebecca at 
534-9919, or stop by the Student Affairs Office in McGill 

Hall Annex, Room 3545 to piek up a flyer. 

HELP 
NEEDED' 
This office represents a man 

who was seriously injured 
when he fell in a drainage 
trough that bisects the south-
east corner of Torrey Pines 
Road and La Jolla Village 
Drive near the UCSD campus. 

If you know of anyone who 
has fallen at that location, or 
have any other inIonnation, 
please contact: Attorney 
Steven Howard collect at 
(310) 820-3188 

Devotion 
The dote of the next 
LSAT is June 10th. 

Serious pre-law 
students hove·' from 
now until then to 
devote themselves 
to achieving the best 
possible score. 

./ Allocation or $'1.000 from Media Unallocated to California Review. 
Passed. 

'- I Resolution Opposing Implementation of Monthly Fee for Computer 
Services. Passed. . 

I Resolution in Support. of Rescinding SP·1 and SP,2. Passed. 

early 
you get 
started 
~na 
project, 
it always 
seems 
tacome 
down to 
beating 
the clock. 

---------

full-COlor copies· 
....,.IN> ofhr Inco 1<1nke\ La)alb and rt< ...... rll. II color copie1 IcmIvs 
lor "- . 0fI0r Is limited to one coupon per customer. c_ must be • 
,..-.-.cI at - 01 ....... hase Ind Is not valid wid> odIer olio ... 'hIid a. 
1<1nke'. La )alb only. Coupon \IOId where proIIibitod b)' law, No cu" ....... 
Ofo< • ..,... Aprit 30, 1996. lbur branch dfire 

· "ICiU~~~""""""""'-"""'~~C_C.,c.,..ibon __ .. IIIoo"""'" 
, ~. 

.... 

'", 

t, 
. .( 

': 

---------------

.... 1N> ...... 1nco Kinkel La)alb Ind - .... 25"; off HI( -- Idnko'S 

............ - ~ I 1:00pm Ind ':OOom .v.IkI lor c""",,,or lime • 

.....,. not prinu OlIo< I. Nmittd CD OM coupon per ....-. Coupon 
_be __ "' lime 0(....,.,..1nd Is not valid wid> _ oIItn. 
ValId .. I<JnIoo ' ..... ,.. only. 0fI0r ....... April 10. I "'. \bur branch dIIre 

---------------

.... IN> ...... Inco KInke·. La,.. Ind ........ )IrI>fnsionoI_ 
me-. one ,.... .,.,.... Ind ,........, to ,.... on .... 0I0r Is Nmittd 
to one coupon _ CllltDmer. eo..on _ be __ •• _ 01 
pun:huo Ind 10 ..... valid wid> _ oIan. ValId II 1OnIoo's La joIo only. 

~ \IOId ........ ,.-o/lIbII8d ..,. ..... No cull ....... 0II0r ....... 
ApriIlO; ''''. 

--------------------ki ... L.a ... 8849Villa La Jolla IIftV-a in the La Jolla Village ~.nter ~~~4S7-3775 Your Immch office 15 San Die&o Locadons to Serve You 
• I 

[I Opf'1l 24 hOlll'''', 7 day., .1 W(,PI<. 



g NEWS 

SCHOOL: 
Caserio expres es 
doubts over proposal 
Continued from pale 1 
much stayed in effect until the cur-
rent time," Mehan said. 'There has 
been lots of research ... that's quite 
critical of the tracking mentality that 
persists." 

Inspired by San Diego second-
ary schools' Advancement Via In-
dividual Determination (AVID) pro-
gram - a selective districtwide pro-
gram for talented. underachieving 
students - Mehan said the charter 
~school would not "track" students, 
but wou Id rather make arrangements 
to ensure all students have equal 

Marl< Patterson/Guardian 
Explanation: Marshall College 
Provost Cecil Lytle presents his 
charter high school proposal. 

access to the school\ curriculum 
and re~ources . 

The written chaner school pro-
posal , submllled by the committee 
to the Governing Board of Di rectors 
of the San Diego Unified School 
District last January, s~tes that "the 
notion of a UCSD Chaner High 
School is a very natural cxtension of 
thc AVID program." 

Lytle contended that the students 
most eligible for the chaner chool 
would be those who: 

• come from low-income fam-
ilies ; 

• have "high academic potential," 
according to standardizcd exams such 
as the national eras tests; and 

• have a low level of academiC 
achievement, as evidenced by their 
grades. 

Lytle added Ihatthe school's tar-
get population is one to three years 
behind in math and reading. 

'The AVID program ... Ican be 
used! in identifying those students 
who arc highly motivated, who have 
the intelligence ... to achieve UC eli -
gibility, to make the difference in 
their ... academiC achievement," 
Lytle said. 

Lytle added that he hopes the 
school will increase the level of diver-
sity at UCSD as well as at the other 
universities which chaner-school 
graduates may choose to attend. 

The ~mall class size would en-
sure that each &tude", recei ve~ plenty 
of personal attention and that no-
body gets lost in the shufl1e, Lytle 
said . 

Caserio, who did not allend the 
forum, expressed doublSafterthe Feb-
ruary UC Board of Regents ' meeting 
about the success of such a program. 

SP~ING T~AINING. 
Now is the time to gear up for spring training. 

Super low roundtrip fares on Amtrak California's 
Ca(,itois, San Joaquins and San Diegans make it 
extremely attractive. Better still, use your Student 
Advantage Card (annual enrollment $20) and receive 
an additional 15% discount. That means more money 
to spend once you get there! 

The trains of California and connecting shuttle 
buses can take you just about anywhere in the state 
without the hassle and hidden costs of driving. 

There's no easier or more economical way to get 
there and back than on the train. In fact, you can start 
your spring break on the train! On board you can 
relax, listen to music, have a snack, or just watch 
the scenery roll by. Amtrak California trains are 
comfortable and roomy with space to stow your stuff. 

Just look at some of Amtrak California's incredibly 
low fares. It's time you started your spring training. 
Contact your college travel service or call Amtrak 
at 1-800-USA-RAIL. 

Roundtrip 
F_ WIth SA Card sm". 

Anahenn •••••••• $27 ... $23 ... $4 
Los Angeles ...•.• $32 ••• $27 •.. $5 
Yosemite .••••••. $91 ..• $77 ..• $14 
Sacramento •.•..•• $86 .•• $73 ••• $13 
San Franciaco ••••• $86 ••• $73 ••• $13 

+-!:~ Atlrbak California 
""lIt'"" A ,."""". ""..., CMIrIns IIId AnItr# 

The UCSD Guardian 

"Conceptually, 
I the chaner-school 
proposal I is a won-
derful idea," she 
said. "[But] I have 
considerable res-
ervations about it. 
If we decide this is 
somelhing thaI we 
will do, we havelo 
make sure to do it 
right ; we cannot 
afford to fail. Sec-
ond ... so many 
variables are un-
known as to how 
10 do it right that I 
have no confi-
dence at this point 
that we can do i .. " 

Thursday, February 29. 1996 

Caserio added 
t hat she was con-
cerned the charter 
school would ~i­
phon UCSD's re-
sources away from 
uni versity students. 

Mark Patterson/Guardian 
Glad to meet you: Provost Lytle greets 1994-95 National Teacher of the Year 
Sandra McBrayer and a potential future charter high school student. 

"Wi llicampus] . 
resources ... be best spent on a 'char-
ter school or Ion) enhanCing pro-
grams we already have in place!" 
she said. 

However. Sutherland says 
Caserio's concerns are unfounded. 

"As far as costs go, I don 'I see a 
problem," he said. "As far as space 
goes, I don't sec a problem. As far as 
having ... the high school students 
on campus, J don 'I fore ee that as 
being a problem. And [ think those 
were the three major concerns." 

Funding for the school would 
come from: 

• state and local Average Daily 
Attendance funds, which would pro-

vide $5,000 per student, per year. 
• extramural support (including 

donations to the university) . 
• $2 million from UC President 

Richard'Atkinson's UC Prep program, 
which funds outreach programs aimed 
at boosting campus diversity . 

According to Lytle, the tOlal slan-
ing, operating budgct would be a 
liule over $1 million pcr year. 

Later in the meeting, several at-
tendees asked about the imponance 
of parental involvement - in par-
ticular, a provision in the proposal 
which would require parents to "at-
tend scheduled school conferences." 

However, Hernandez said there 

are many other ways for parents to 
get involved, and faculty members 
would per onally contact parents to 
ensure their involvement in their 
children 's education. 

"What the parent does at home is 
support the education process ... not 
solely coming to the school and vol-
unteering lime and working in the 
classroom," Hernandez said. "While 
we also want to recognize the differ-
ences in the ... levels and ... types of 
parent involvement, we also want to 
make sure thal we encourage people 
to get involved, and in essence, open 
the doors to different ways [to par-
ticipate] in the school." 

Family Plannln.AsSodal • . Medical 6i'OUDt 

ABORTION TO'24 weEKS 
(General or Local Anesth .... , 

Pregnancy TestIIlg 
Earty Pregnancy Test 

(Immediate Test Reaub) 
Birth Control 

Outpatient F ....... Sterilization 
-Insurance 

- HeaIIh PIIna 
LA MESA 

8881 Aetdler Pkwy. 
(818) 89M801 . 

NEWPORT BEACH - Mecl-CaI 
-VIsa 

sa. 
- MaIIerCard tDllocMw 

'. Se ....... EIpIIIof 

~~-." ' . . ~' ~-t~NSION I, : " ( 
. . k 

,. , '~,' "\ 

A year's worth of 
university language 

credit in one month! 
PLUS the experience 

of living with a 
Japanese family _ .. 

Learn Japanese in Japan 
at UCR's sister university, Fukuyama University, 
located near Hirosl'"ima. Participants in this concen-
trated course of study will learn to speak, read and 
write Japanese and will stay with a Japanese family 
to gain greater understanding of the culture as well 
as the language. 
Travel Dates: June 27 - July 27 
School Dates: July 1 - 26 
Cost: Fee of $3300 includes airfare, meals, accom-
modations. books, supplies. insurance and some 
local transportation. A $500 deposit is due by April 
30 with the balance due on May 31. 
IDforauaUoaal _eetbI.at VCR: 
Weclaaday, April 10, 7 ,. 
To aHead tile .""""11 .... medinl 
aadI_ naive a bruc.ue, 
call Karea or Stacy: (909) 787-4346. 

Thursday, February 29, 1996 The UCSD Guardian I) 



10 NEWS 

LOSS: Security is 
the responsibility of 
each department 
Continued from p.,. 1 

"It is improbable that this per-
son just happened to randomly 
break into this specific office." he 
said. "My guess is that there was 
some prior knowledge of its lex-

i~ten(;eJ ." 
Physical Plant Services offi-

Cials said that (;ustodians lock all 
Center Hall classroom doors by 10 
p.m. every nighl. The fact that front 
doors ~howcd no signs of forced 
entry ~ubstantiatcs the claim that 
they were only u~ed a~ an exit. 

Floyd declined to comment on 
the se(;urity system of the AIV 
office or on any evidence obtained 

in the case thus far. 
"The investigation is ongoing. 

and. at this point. we have not 
identified a suspect or suspects." 
he said. 

Rinella, the AIV staff member 
who reported the incident. said the 
police dustcd the office for finger-
prints after the theft but were un-
able to construct any legible prints. 

In addition, he said the "per-
fect" rectangular opening cut in 
the two inchesofdrywall was most 
likely made with some typeofsaw. 

Rinella said the AIV depart -
ment is un~ure how the thieve, 
knew about the office's location 
and contents, because only AIV 
staff memhers are supposed to be 
aware of them. 

He added that although he tries 
to be di~creet when he removes 

The UCSD Guardian 

"11Ie best ...,t of oar 
securttr .,stem I. 
people not knowing 
what Idnd of 
security .,st ... we 
"'ve." 

- SherIn .... GeorIe 
Media Center Director 

equipment from the office, any-
body could have seen him Irans-
porting the gear and discovered 
where it was kepI. 

Accordi ng to Rinella, the uni -
versity does not prOVide a ecurilY 
system for the AN depanmenl , are 
there was no type of alarm installed 
al the time of the incident. 

" J suppose [Ihe university I did 

not feel that there was enough of a 
risk [to provide an alarm). and 
basically they said. 'It·s y.our re-
sponsibility ... • Rinella sai~. 

"Everything is vulnerable. and 
security on this campus is a joke." 
he added. 

Media Center Direclor Sherman 
George said that as a general rule. 
all campus depanments are ex-
pected to pay for their own secu-
rity measures . 

Although declining to reveal the 
specific precautions presently in use. 
George said he does not envision 
any major changes. though the addi-
tion of an alarm is likely. 

''The best part of our security 
system is people not knowing what 
kind of security system we have," 
George aid. 

"We have a lot [ofsecuflty mea-

Oh sure, it looks innocent. But it could be 
UJir-ed to a no-name company that has no qualms about 

overcharging broke college students. 

So, calling card In hand, you dial 1 800 CALL ATT 
and save yourself some much-needed cash. 

Know the Code. 1800 CALL ATT. That's Your True Choice:" 

• AnaT 
Your True Choice 01996 A1IlT 

Thursday. February 29. 1996 

sures] already, but at some poinl a 
lot of measures gets in the way of 
gelling the work done," he added. 
"We try to balance the security 
needs vs. the need 10 get a lot of 
equipmenl delivered to many dif-
ferent places on a regular, timely 
basis." 

George. like Floyd, said there 
is a fairly good chance that the 
thieves knew Ihe whereabouts and 
contents of the AN office before-
hand. 

"[The thieves] could be any-
body who IS in that area on a regu-
lar basis ," George said. "The num-
ber of people [who] could know 
the type of equipment [kept] in 
thai room is very high." 

Anyone with informalion con-
cerning the theft is urged to con-
taci Detecti vc Floyd at 534-4359. 

LEARN: Course 
teaches valuable 
scholastic skills 
Continued from page 2 
exams and papers," Lipsitz said. 

Engler said thaI because MOl 
studenls are proactive learners and 
do not rely on eXlernal motivation, 
they tend to be more successful, 
not only in terms ofGPAs but also 
where they end up after gradua-
lion. 

Larry Crane. a 1993 UCSD grad. 
who was accepted by Georgetown 
Universily's School of Medicine, 
credited MOl fortheself-confidence 
and study skills he needed to altain 
academic suct:ess. 

"Before I took MOl, I had .. . no 
game pla~ 10 get where I wanted 10 
be," Crane said. "MOl helped me 10 
go about realizing my goab. The 
slralegies laught me 10 question what 
was presented, rather than merely 
bei ng a sponge and memorizing 
everYlhlng." 

Mal emphasi zes the i mpor-
tance of Ihe ·tudent-Ieat:her rela-
tionship. Myer sa id the increased 
interaction with her professors ha~ 
"made all the difference" in her 
classes. 

"You go beyond learning just 
what's necessary for alesi, 10 learn-
ing the subject through [the 
professor's] eyes," she said. 

Despile the praise, Warren jun-
ior lesse Gros advised prospective 
MOl students to be prepared 10 work 
diligently at applying MOl strate-
gies. 

"You get out of it what you put 
into ii," Gros said. "It's not going to 
work for you. It's nol going to hap-
pen to you. It·s not a quick-lix solu-
tion." 

MOl instruclors, who are cur-
rently teaching the course without 
monetary compensation. would like 
10 sec MOl' institutionalized." 

"We wanl it to be available to as 
many students as want to take it," 
Manuelita Brown said. "They should 
not be limited by the number of 
instructors or the amount of money 
to pay TAs." 

Lipsitz said more program like 
MOl would benefit all members or 
the academic community. 

"People are not finished prod-
ucts when they come to the univer-
sity ... a good education will change 
you," Lipsitz said. "MOl gives stu-
dents the skills that enable them to 
succeed beyond a [fixed) level, be-
cause even at the graduate level or 
as professors. learning how to learn 
is more important than knowing 
what to learn." 

The course is listed in the UCSD 
schedule of classes as Thurgood 
Marshall 10. 

UCSD GUARDIAN AR' •• ENTERTAINMENT FEB R U A R Y 29,1996 

1t1~ 
Th ••• film. will b. 
In th •• t .... tomonow. 

• Kelsey Grammar stars in DUIYIl 
Periscope, which opens at the-
aters throughout San Diego. 

• Michelle Pfeiffer stars as :1 
newscaster under the tutelage or 
Robert Redford in Up Close & 
Personal, which opens at theaters 
throughout San Diego. 

• The two-week long blax -
ploitation film festival startsallhe 
Ken Cinema with a fashion con-
test and a showing of 
blaxploitation classics, The Mack 
and SlI'eel Sweelback ' .I' 
Baadasssss Song. Info: 2ID-5909. 

• The While Ba/loon, a film about 
the misadventures of as even-year -
old child during the Persian ew 
Year, opens at Ihe Hillcrest Cin-
emas. 

The s. albums will be in 
record stor .. on Tuesday. 

GLOOMY MARY 
REILLY 

see page H13 

The Prui{)enu of 
the U niteiJ Statu 

of Anterica get a 
vote of confU}ence 
front tbe crow{) at 

SOMA Live 

• The British band Lush will 
re lease Love Lifc. 

Pholos by Yakov ZOIOI"f~' 

• Punk veteran Iggy Pop will 
r~lcase Naught)' Lillie Doggie. 

• The Swedish allemative band 
Salt wi II release AU.l'Clilrale. 

I'Jr.~ 
• The Brolhers McMullen . a film 
about three Irish Catholic broth-
ers who live together. is due in 
stores on Tuesday. 

• Cindy Crawford's motion pic-
ture debut. Fair Game, is due in 
stores on Tuesday. 

• Sigoumey Weaver and Holly 
Hunter track down a serial killer 
in the thriller. COpyCQI, due in 
stores on Tuesday. 

• Tickets go on sale today at 3 
p.m. for the British group 
Echobelly, which will perform 
with For Squirrels and Superdrag 
at Brick by Brick on March 29. 
Tickels are SIO. Info: 220-T1XS. 

• Tickets are on sale now for 
Bandit Queen, which will per-
form at the Cashah on March 24. 
Tickets are $4. Info: 232-4355. 

• Tickets are on sale now for the 
Seattle-based group Goodness, 
which will perform atlhe Casbah 
on March 19. Tickets arc S5. Info: 
232-4355. 

WHEN A MOII OFPREI'UBI:SCENr BOYS and girls attcnding their firsl show are mixed up with die-
hard rock coneert veterans ready to jam thei r 
fists and elbows into your facc fora good time, 
the band had beller be prepared to put on an 
excellent show. Eitherthat, or face the anger of 
disappointed fans. 

Luckily. The Presidents ofThe United States 
of America did juslthat in a sold-out show at 
SOMA Live on Saturday night. 

The Presidents never gave the audience a 
chance to hate them. They bursl onto the stage 
and nearly destroyed their instruments after 
playing the first three songs - a covcr of 
MC5's "Kick Out The lams," "Lunatic of 
Love" and "FeatherPluckin'" -in nearly five 
minutes. 

Basking in the glow of the crowd's ap-
proval. lead vocalist Chris Ballew informed 
everyone that his songs were "scientifically 
designed to get this pany Slarted right." The 
band then pounded out "Boll WeeviJ." the lI~t 
song of The Bug Trilogy, followed by "Dune 
Buggy" and "Bug City." 

Ballew. who played solidly on a two string 
"bassi tar." showed up the rest of the band with 
his ridiculous banter: "How you guys doin' up 
rront, you gelling killed to death?" Drummer 

Jason Finn and three string "guitbass" player 
Dave Dcderer also perfonned a clean, strong 
set. 

Of course, SOMA didn' t start really shak-
ing until the Presidents played "Lump." Sud-
denly , the crowd stopped tossing random bod-
ies about like beach balls and began jumping as 
one, making it appear as if the noor was 
heaving everyone up and down . To my right. a 
fat 14-year-old kid tried to bang his head but 
didn' t know quite how 10 do so. The old 
woman to my left. who'd been miserably sit-
tingagainst the wall with her fingers in her ears, 
was suddenly up and dancing that '70s jig of 
hers. 

The band played nearly an hour before it 
finished with a sing-a-Iong version of its Pop 
'40s groaner "Peaches." Of course, the audi-
ence screamed for an encore. stomping its feel 
to show just how much il meant it. And. of 
course. the Presidenls obliged with the tradi-
[ional four -song encore, which started with a 

~------------------------------~ " 

coverofThe Buggies' "Video Killed the Radio 
Star" and ended with their own "We Are Not 
Going To Make ft ." 

Despile my initial misgivings about the 
band - they did, after all, release a song about 
peaches and make a Kung-Fu fight video [0 go 
along with it - the Presidents ' talenl, original-
ity and love for their music shined through the 
murky pit of SOMA. Whether they will con-
tinue to produce genuine alternative music, or 
simply become yet anolher Seallie-based 
grunge band which rests on its laurels, remains 
to be seen. For all the preteens' sake. I hope the 
latter won't come 10 pass. 

Even before taking the stage, The Presi-
dents must have known they would have had to 
quickly develop a good rapport with the audi-
ence. The crowd had scared the opening band, 
Love J one~ , orf the stage. 

Being booed and nipped off constantly 
throughout one's entire set has got to hurt, but 
then again, no self-respecting band ought to 

have matching suits. 
a keyboardist and a 
Las Vegas lounge-
lizard approach to 
mu~ic. Love lones 
was a victim just 
waiting to happen. 

Wound up: The crowd 
moshed (left) , while 
singer-guitarist Chris 
Ballew kicked out the 
jams (top) at SOMA Live 
on Saturday night. 

, 

'. 



HIA11JS 12 

MARCH 6 
WEDNESDAY' 8PM 
UCSD MANDEVIL.LE 
AUDITORIUM 
G.A. $2!5. STuOENTS $18 
SIt, CIT. $20 

SHOWCASE OF GUITAR STYLES 
FEATURING FOUR ACCLAIMED GUITARISTS 

~ lorN Manuel ~ ~ BARRIJEOJ. 

MARCH 9 
SATURDAY • 8PM • UCSD MANDEVIL.LE AUDITORIUM 

G.A. $25. STUDENTS $18. SR.CIT. $20 

'lrelanJls most happening traJitional band.' 
. n. vJI.;. I(,Q 

MARCH 10 
SUNDAY • &PM • UCSO MANDEVILLE AUDITORIUM 

G.A. "8 • 14. SR. CIT. e 

~BALLET~Y 
"n.. most original 01 
bollet choreographers. • 
. n.. Villoge Voice 

APRIL 17 & 18 
WED. a THURS •• 8PM 
SPRECKEU THEATEft 

G.A. tael3113e 
STUDENTS $21128131 

~ Ie. .. UCSO Box 0FFJc 
__ .... N •• n E 
.......... wnxs 

The UCSD GWlfdian 
'Thursday, February 29, 1996 

The Boys Are Back in Town 
Despite all-star cast, Ted Demmes Beautiful 

Girls has only rrwments of glory 
By Corey B. Niles 
Staff Writer 

Te(J Demme's Beautiful Girls is a 
light·heaned, generalional 

I Q. year, high school reunion, an even! 
which takes place, oddly, in the dcad 
of winler. 

Willie has reached a 

impression that his eventual wife will 
look like a supermodel, prompting his 
real girlfriend, Jan (Plimpton). to leave 
him for a 40·year-old butcher. 

- ~ \ ' , 
• 

story in the Iradition of such 
fi lms as Diner and The Big 
Chill. 

The film, which isabout 
agroup ofhigh school bud· 
die in their late 20s strug. 
gling with relationships 
and fading dreams, features 
an impressive ensemble 

..-

.... ~ . 
~ .. , 

. . 

.. 

• 

crossroads in his life; he 's 
not only thinking about gi v· 
ing up the piano for a steady 
sales job but he' also Ihink. 
ing about his relalionship 
with Tracy (Gish), who 
wants marriage. So, like any 
American male, he returns 
home to his old pals. 

Two of the film's female charac. 
ters have an important effect upon 
Willie, Andera (Thurman) and Marty 
(Portman), the 13·year·old girl next 
door. After failing to be seduced by 
Willie, Andera tells Willie the lrue 
desires of beautiful women. Marty, 
on the other hand, gives Willie a dif~ 
ferent point·of.vicw, and for a while 
he aClually beli eves that he has fallen 
in love with her. 

· . 
· . .. ..-

. ~.." .... • > .. ., 
. , ',~" .. ' . ...-. . • , .~~ .. • 
• 

cast, including Malt Diflon, Uma 
Thurman, Timothy Hulton, Michael 
Rapaport, Mira Sorvina and Rosie 
O'Donnel - not to mention Natalie 
Portman, Max Perlich , Noah 
Emmerich, Annabelh Gish, Lauren 
Hofly, Martha Plimpton and Pruill 
Taylor Vince. 

While there are 13 principal char. 
acters, the story focuses on HUllon, 
who plays the role of Willie, a strug. 
glingpianoplayerinNewYork Willie 
returns to his hamel own 10 altend his 

NoneofWiflie's buddies have left 
town: Mo (Emmerich) has a family; 
Kev (Perlich) works for a 
snowplowing business owned by 
Tommy (Dillon) and Paul (Rapaport); 
and Stinky (Vince) runs the local tav. 
em. 

Upon his arrival. Willie discovers 
that Tommy and Paul also have prob. 
Icrns with women. To the despair of 
his girlfriend, Tommy is still in love 
with hi s high school sweelheart, 
Darian (Holly). Paul is sti ll under Ihe 

~ =--===== 

Theintcmction between Marty and 
Willie is the highlight of SCOIl 
Rosenberg 's screenplay and the most 
interesling aspect of lhe fi lm. The rest 
of the slOry, however, is rather mun. 
danc, lifledonly by Paul'smcatheadish 
antics and Gina 's (O'Donnell) dia-
tribc about the problems of the malc 
gender. 

Bealllijill Girls is showing at Ihe. 
atcrs throughout San Diego. 

==-====== 

~weekend ~aLenDar __________ __ 
FRIDAY 
MARCH 1 'Eart's Unplugged' presents PJ. Angeles Meet at 5 p.m. For information, 

call 534·473 1 8 p.m., Earl's Place, Warren Col. CWD Rim Series Presents The lege. For information, caliS 34.5561. 
WhIte Rose 

7 p.m., room 107, Solis Hall 
Marshafl COllege. For information: 
call 534·487J. 

Gospel ChoIr Concert 
8 p.m., RIMAC . Admission: 

$3·5. For information, call 534· 
5404. 

SATURDAY 
MARCH 2 
Plano Recital 

4 p.m., Erickson Hall, Mandeville 
Center. Students of Ale)( Karis play 
classics. For information, call 534. 
5404. 

Wind, light & Thunder 
8 p.m., Mandeville Auditorium. 

La Jolla Symphony, under the direc. 
tion of Thomas Nee. Admission: $7. 
16, depending on seats. For informa. 
lion, call 5344637. 

party Gras 
9 p.m., Pepper Canyon Lodge, 

Matthews Apartments; free. Carni. 
val, food, games, and casino. For in. 
formation , call 534-3025. 

SUNDAY 
MARCH 3 

Trtp to 'Medieval Tlmes'ln Los 

Wind, Light & Thunder 
3 p.m., Mandeville Auditorium. 

La Jolla Symphony, under the direc. 
tion ofThomas Nee. Admission: $7-
16, depending on seats. Discoun! for 
seniors and students. For information 
call 534-4637. ' 

Best Buddies Ball - SemJ.fonnal 
dance 

6 p.m., Gallery A, Price Center. 
For information, call 558·8029. 

'Roma Nights' presents 
Galakashlnka 

8 p.m., Espresso Roma Cafe; 
free. For information, call 534. 
4022. 

~ WINNER! CAMERA D'OR Ii 
CANNES FILM FESTIVAL ~ 
"COMPLETELY CHARMING! 

CONTINUALLY ENTERTAINING!" 
-KENNETH TultAM, LOS ANGELES TIMES 

-~*** IT 5 A MARVEL! 
-0.. .. Kr ... NEWYOIIiK MILY NEWS 

-**** UTTERLY CHARMINGr 
-~~N!WBOAY 

EXCLUSIVE SAN DIEGO ENGAGEMENT 
STARTS FRIDAY, MARCH 1 

... , •• ...., '" •••• •• I. I I I • ~ ... ,... ..... • _ ••• , ••••• , ••• , •• 

.. Thursday, February 29, 1996 The UCSD Guardian 

Courtesy 01 Clive Coole 
Speechl ... : Mary (Julia Roberts) is caught in the grip of Mr. Hyde (John 
Malkovich) in Stephen Frears ' Mary Reilly. 

Mistaken Identity 
Fine acting by Julia Roberts and John 

Malkovich can't save Mary Reilly 
By Sehra Han 
Guardian Reporter 

In Mary Reilly, director Stephen 
Frears e)(humes the classic 
tale of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. 
Hyde and retells it through 
the eyes of a woman. The 
result is a terrifyi ng, lhough 
tediously long, love story. 

The benevolent Dr. 
Jekyll (John Malkovich) is 
compelled by his social 51a· 
tus and reserved moral 
character to stifle his feelings for his 
beautiful new servant, Mary (Julia 
Roberts). 

He longs for sexual and romantic 
fulfil/menl with Mary, but can only 
gaze at her through a window or 

touch her hand through his bed cur· 
lains. His hidden desires are released 
through Mr. Hyde, his demonic and 

seductive other, who un-
abashedly gmbs and paws 
atlhe girl. 

Mary slowly uncovers 
the truth about Dr. Jekyll 
and Mr. Hyde, as a com-
plex love triangle emerges 
between the characters. 
Overthecourseofthe Ii 1m, 
this situalion becomes in· 

creasingly intense. 
The plot has potential but, unfor· 

tunalely, fails to reach it. The real 
intrigue in Robert Louis Stevenson's 
story rests in the dichotomy between 
good and evi I. 

Filmed in Edinburgh, Scotland, 
in a well·groomed manor and a dun· 
geon·like laboratory, the film's set 
accurately renects these themes. It is 
Ihe plot, however, which falls short. 

Instead of exploiting the mystery 
of Jekyll and Hyde, Frears struggles 
to explain Mary and her inability to 
overcome her past. The film di lutes a 
potenl Slory of the doctor' inner 
conflict by focusing on the servant 's 
character. Sevcml scenes of Mary 
washing dishes and walering plants 
are extraneous and drawn·out. The 
actors' convincing performances and 
the artistic direction barely redeem 
the film. 

Mary Reilly is playing at theaters 
throughout San Diego. 

HIATUS 13 

...concert J(eVlews ____ _ 
Christian band overcomes glitches 

words of the song, the entire audio 
ence seemed to know them by heart 
anyway. 

DCTalk's performance may have 
been a bil rusty, but the show cer-
tainly wasn' t lackluster. The band, 
one of Christian rock's best- DC 

Talk 
known groups, had the near· 
eapacit)' crowd at RIMAC 
arena bouncing off the wal/s 
and each other last Frida)' 
night. 

Well· known for work.ing 
covers of other artists' song 
into its music, DC Talk started 
off the concert with its own 

The concert was the second show 
in the band's international "Jesus 
Freak" tour, and il came with many of 
thetrappingsofadebut perfonnance, 
including broken video equipment. 
BUI whalthe band lacked in polish, it 
more than made up with sheer energy 
and refreshing sincerity. 

Wilh a platinum and Iwo gold 
albums, as well as a Grammy award, 
DC Talk is a veteran of the concert 
~cene. TIle group. comprised of Toby 

M~Keehan , Michael Tait and Kevin 
milh - all from Washington, D.C. 

- has gone through it.'; own ani~lic 
growing pain . It firM hit the Chris· 
tian Illusic scene with an alanning 
resemblance to ew Kids on The 
Block. TIlOugh this served the band 
well in Ihe '80s, DC Talk soon had to 
change with Ihe times. After a brief 
stint in rap, 0 Talk seems to have 
found its sound on its most recent 
aibulll, the alternative·rock-oriented 
JesLls Freak. 

Regard less of sl y Ie, DC Talk put 
on a good show. Band memhers 
danced, sang, body slammed and dove 
into the mosh pillhroughout the full 
hour·and-45·minute show. Despite 
the vidco-equipment failure,the lighl-
i ng and stage setup still gave the 
frenelic motions o( tht! band a dm-
maticbackground. TIlOugh theacous· 
tics of RlMAC often drowned out the 

rendition of "Help" by the 
Beatles. Though it concentmled on 
songs from Jeslls Freak, Ihe band 
slill entertained those fond of its older 
albums, including revamped versions 
of songs like "Love is u Verb" and 
"Jesus is Still All Right With Me," a 
rendition of a Doobie Brolhers das· 
sic. Along thc way, DC Talk also 
snmpled a lillie R.E.M ., Charlie Pea· 
cock and irvana. 

'The band also louehed on one or 
the muiti·ethni ~ mu~ i ca l group's /'.1· 
vorilc suhjects. ra~wl haml0ny. Tak· 
109 a break from the crowd·surfing 
untlcs to get personal, the band per· 
formed a few deeper melodies, in· 
cludlng "What if I Stumble'!" and " I 
Wish We'd All Been Ready." 

o mailer how much the audio 
en~e screamed for more songs, the 
crowd's higgest respons came from 
Ihe mcssage extolled hy the band al 
the end of the evening: 'This person 
named Jesus won' t fail you." 

Openers Audio Adrenaline got 
Iheevening hopping. It kept thecrowd 
excited wilh a beat·heavy song, "Se· 
cret," off its most · recent album, 
B/oom. The grunge/aiternati veband, 
which in the pasl nined with a hip· 
hop style, stayed firmly planted in its 
in·your. face, guitar·driven music 
even while mellowing out for songs 
like "You Can 'l Take God Away 
From Me" and "See Through." 

- Marianne Vigil 

••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

: San Diag. F.1k a_itage Pre.enIB : 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

Four Bitchin' Babes in concert 
at United Methodist Church 

170 Calle Magdalena, Encinitas 
"Fax fjJ Charge It! Don '/ Ask Me 

What's For Dinner! Life According to 
Four Bitchin' Babes · 

Starring Christine Lavin, 
SalJy Fingerctt, Megon 

McDonough, and Debi Smith 

Saturday, •• Gb 2 
8,.81B 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

: $2 discutmt with ad. Admit one. Call 416-40JO for injurmation. : 
••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

....... 
Hick_looper 
(Hearts 
of Darkness: 
a Filmmolcer's 
Apocalypse) 
will 
appe.1 

IIrIh JnslCI INn... me KhHfftr til. IINCPh.non 

IF LU(Y FILL 
A (omrd, for thr romlnti(llIy (hlll,n,rd 

IlmWMER I.JI~III1,.MIIIII'J.III_IMI~lUlm~hmn~lU(11 ~UUI.Hmll 
IlEmfHI nmlR IllIalllll£HRI' IIHI • .lUMlIGlIW '~UlIUJl~II.mm 
••• 'II_IIIU' • .,11 HffR ,.,UIHm ~mm.flIWJfllfl"!IUlWIf~ 

~ .:=::. I IT I0Il AI, 1IA1If IIIID ".\I~ -.HI 
v.lTTIIIM*'t' ~ 1IfJEIn'~ .IT~ AT 

. , 



HlAnJS 14 ....... UCSO .... _ . .-I:_-
________________________________________ ~II~~~~~==--~ ________________________ ~_TIN~~~y~,~~~~N~,~I~:: . 

. COi/rIIsy of Bob Allester 
AI shook Up: Ray Uotta (center) suffers the side effects after taking an untested drUg and is comforted by Linda 
Florentino (left) and Peter Coyote (right)'. 

Nothing Memorable iu 
Unforgettable's TwistedPJol 

Director John Dahl misfires with his latest effort 
. , 

By C~y B. Niles 
Staff Writer 

Director John Dahl orchestrates a 
murder mystery with a sci-
Ii plot twist in his fourth 
lilm. Un!rJrgeftable, utiliz-
ing a scientific premise 

. ' which seemingly could 
have been taken straight out 
ofUCSD'stop-rankcd 1lCU-
robiology dcpanmenl. 

Neurobiologist Dr. 
Martha Briggs (Linda 
Fiorentino) has figured out a way to 
transfer memory between laboratory 
rats using their cerebral spinal Iluid 
and a special formula. Dr. David 
Krane, (Ray Liolla). a forensic pa-
thologist with a bad reputation, be-
lieves that he can use Dr. Briggs' 
memory-transfer technique to clear 
his name. 

Krane ~as brought to trial for the 
murder or his wife but was released 
on a teChnicality. While this allowed 
him to keep his job at the Seattle 
Police Department, it did nothing to 
change the minds of those who still 
believe him to be guilty, including 
the lead investigator in the case, De-

tcctive Stewart Gleick (Christopher 
McDonald), and Kr.me's sister-in-
law (KimCallrall). who won custody 

of his two children. 
. When Dr. Briggs re-

fuses to let Krane try her 
memory-transfer tech-
nique due to potential 
harmful side effects, he 
ignores the warnings and 
steals a vial of the eltpcri-
mental substance. He in-
jects himself with the for-

mula, as well as spinal nuid from his 
wife, in order 10 track down he 
spouse's killer. 

1bc memory is so intense that it 
allows Krane to ex perience the crime 
from his wife's point-of.view. How-
ever. it proved not 10 be intense 
enoughhhowever, as he is unable to 
clearly see the killer. This necessi-
·tates a return to Dr. Briggs' lab for 
more formula, wherehisarrival peaks 
the curiosity of the good doctor, as 
she insists · on foltowing Krane to 
chart the drug's effects. 

He begins his investigation by 
injecting himself with the 'memories 
of other victims of his wife's killer. 

Kranc's head becomes filled with 
violent recollections which can be 
triggered by even thcslightests sti mu-
Ius. While these powerful memories 
help him piece the puzzle together, 
they begin to take their toll on his 
sanity. Despite Dr. Briggs constant 
warnings, he refuses to quit the treat-
ment until after he finds the killer. 

Because there's only a small list 
of murder suspects and the memory 
gimmick was nOl used to its full 
potential, the film's suspense is inef· 
fectual. The plot becomes- tangled 
and incomprehensible, leaving the 
killer's motives still in question by 
the end. 

Dahl does some amazing work 
with the camera, capitalizing on the 
possibilities that the memory se-
quences provide him. All of his films 
have a unique B-movie fcelto them, 
making them extremely fun towatch. 
Visually, Unforgenabk is noexeep-
tion. But unfortunately it lacks strong 
performances, such as those givenby 
the cast of Red Rock Wesl and The 
lAst Seduction. 

Unforgettabie is showing II the· 
aters tluooghout San Diego. 

Blaxploitation 
. Strike~ Back 

Ken Cinema will feature 
two weeks of films 

By Jeff NI .... 
Hiatus Editor 

In the Public Enemy song, "Bum 
Hollywood Bum," rapper 
Chuck D and his ~rew head 
to the movie~ only to head 
back to Chuck D's "~rib" 
to watch BliJck Caesar, the 
1974 film which featured 
blaxploitation star Fred 
Williamson as a tough, : 
Harlem gangster. 

The Public Enemy . 
track is just one example of the way 
in which bluploitation films of the 
. 70s (sensatiortal crime movies which 
featured predominantly black casts) 

'. have permeated contemporary popu-
larcidture. Bluploitation films have 
clearly paved the way not only for 
rappers such as 'Too Short, -Snoop 
Doggy Dogg and Dru Down, but also 
for film directors like Quentin. 
Tarantino, John Singleton, Carl 
Franklin and the Hughes arothers. 

With the publication of Dariu 
James' book, Thnt's Blilxploitation! 
Roots of the BlIIJikJsssss 'Tude, inte ... · 
est in blaxploitation films appears to 
be resurgent, making the festival , 
"ThaI's Blaxploitation , Baby!" 
(which kicks off tomorrow allhe Ken 
Cinema with a Superfly fashion con-
test at 7 p.m.), all the more signifi. 
cant. The two-week festival features 
14 blaxplOitation classics, including 
The Mack, Super Fly and Sweet 
SWi!etback 's Baadasssss Song. Here's 

. a rundown of the schedule of films: 
Fri., March 1 and Sat., 
March 2 

The Mack (1973) - Mu Julien 
plays Goldie, a pimp who tries to 
relive his glory days once he com· 
pletes a jail sentence. Richard Pryor 
stars as his cohon. 

Sweet Sweelback 's BQ(J(}dasssss 
Song (1971) - At the time of its 
release, Melvin van Peebles' film 
about a black fugitive was-a big box-
offiee draw. Now, the film has be· 
come a cult item. 
Sun., March 3 ... Mon., 
March 4 

Foxy Brown (I 974)-PamGrier 
avenges the death of her boyfriend by 

calling for the castration of the man 
responsible. 

Friday Fosler (1975) - Pam 
Grier plays a photographer 
who witnesses an airpol1 
shootoul and then tracks the 
hit man. 
'rues., March 5 and 
Wed., Ma-ch 6 

Black Caesar ( 1973)-
Fred Williamson plays 
Tommy Gibbs, a Harlem 
drug lord. Jamcs Brown 

provides the music. 
BlackMamLI White Mama (1972) 

- Pam Grier sUirs in a film about a 
transsexual . 
thin., March 7 ... Fri., 
Madia 

Super Fly (1972)-Ryan O'Neal 
plays a drug dealer fighting to get out 

,of the ghello. The soundtrack by 
Cunis Mayfield was a sma~h, selling 
over two million copies . . 

Three t:,e Hard Way (1974)-
NCo-nazis try to wipe out the entire 
black populatioh, only 10 run into 
Fred Williamson, Jim Brown and 
Jim Kelly. 
SaL, Ma-ch 9 and Sun. , March. 
10 

Sir aft (1971) - Richard 
Roundtree stars as a private detective 
trying to find a kidnapped victim. 
The film yidded numerous sequels. 

Cotlon ('omes to Harlem (1970) 
- Coffie Ed Johnson and Grave ' 
Digger Jones scare off robbers trying 
to crash a political rally. Based on a 
Chester Himes ' novel. 
Mon., March 11 and Tues., 
March 12 

Coify (1973) - Pam Grier plays 
a tough grandmother. 

Cleopatra Jones (1973) -
Tamara Dobson has it out with a' 
lesbian drug Jcadcrplayed by Shelley 
Winters. 
Wed., March 13 and thin., 
March 14 

Truck. Turner (1974) - Isaac 
Hayes stars as a truck driver. 

Penilenliory( 1979)-The prison 
becomes a metaphor for black op-
pression in Jamaa Fanaka's surreal 
film. 

.. ........... 

. ~~ .~ ,~ '" '" ~ N'J;,J;e $GO Sllcl($? ~ 
L (You're a student, of coune you do •• .nOlf Osten up!) If=, 
., ~ 
l 

" 

H you can Spare a couple of hours to share 
your experience and opinions about textbooks. 

you'll get a $SO·gift certificate 
to the UCSD Bookstore! 

I _JI 5 ( -) The UCSD Bookstore and the NIIionaI Asaoc:Ialion of Col. Stores invite II(HH,',I'lili 
-:: unda ...... Io.,.-tid.,. in a telllbook 

focus poup on SatuJdaY. April 13. 
Appllcaliona and more informalion .e 
available II both die CUstomer Service 
lAd lftlboot 1nf0l1lllli0n courun inside 

,no YOU. '.AIN the UCSDBookIlm. 

Marc Bowen, D.D.S. 
'J3' Genesee Ave. 

Suite 240 

552-1244 

~~~!,!$l" 
Off., .. · J/I~196 Rea- $700 

PROFESSIONAL 
DENTAL GROUP 

OF lA lOllA 
Quality Care & Reasonable Fees 

L __ -~"'----o,tn~~£~ta·.~' s-dI:Is by.....-. M. :a/ -,_iIs.-w OU'I"'"B 

Thursday, February 29, 1996 The UCSD Guardian 

Bone-Marrow Drive Seeks Minorities 
CAMPAIGN: UCSD 
takes part in national 
two-day effort 
By Laura Lamb 
Staff Wmer 

UCSD st ude nts hoping to save 
the lives of Individuals arnicted 
with fatal blood disorders took part 
In a national bone·marrow donor 
campaign at the Pri,e Center y<!~' 
terday and today . 

The campaign , held in ,onjunc-
tion with the ational Marrow Do-
nor Program (NMDP), recorded 
the donor ' s marrow type in a na-
tional registry . While 2 million 
marrow donors arc currently reg-
istered , 600 million different types 
of marrow exist. 

Volunteers participating in the 
ca mpaign gave an ounce of blood 
to determine 

nearly 7.ero to between 40 and 60 
percent. 

Because genetic factor are 
highly innuential in determining 
bone-marrow type, and ethnic mi-
nOrities arc curn:ntly 
underrepresented in the nutional 

"Our best is I 17 [donors 1 in 
four hours." said Shotiveyaratana • 
who, along with Marshall junior 
Leslie-Jean Lumbreras from 
Kappa Delta Phi , helped ~oordi ­
nate the drive. 

" It 's a good cause," said 
Roosevelt registry . the 

NMDP IS ac -
tively seeking 
donors from 
such groups . 

"You never know If 
you can be that 
someone wHh the 
match to save Thetesling 

10 determine 
bone-marrow someone's life." 

sophomore 
Jon 
Tangonan , 
whl\ volun -
teered last 
quarter to be-
,ome part of 

type. which 
normally 
costs $45, is 
free for donors 01 African-Amen-
ca n, Asian, Pacific- Is land er, 
Chicano/Latino and Native -
American descent. 

The current bone-marrow dri ve, 

- Sandy Rodriguez the nali»nal 
Revelle freshman registry . 

"Asian-
Americans tend not to Ibedonorsl . 
I thought I could help out," he 
added. 

th ei r bone - "H'a a good cause. 
Aslalt-Amerlcana tend 
not to [be donors]. I 
thought I could help 

which began 
yesterday in 
the PriceCen-
te r Theater 
and ends to-
day In th e 
Price Center 
Los Angelesl 
Santa Barbara 

" Y ou never know if you can b' 
that someone with the match to 
save someone's life," Reve ll e 
freshman Sandy Rodriguez said. 

Caucasians interested in be-
coming marrow donors can recei ve 
free testing on Saturday in Rancho 
Peiiasquitos through the San Di · 
ego Blood Bank Donor Program. 

out." 
- Jon Tangonan 

marrow type, 
hoping to help 
one of the 
thousand s of 
individuals 
suffering from 
bone-marrow 
di sorders. Roosevett sophomore room, re -

The local project, an affiliate 
of the NMDP and one of over 100 
donor centers across the country , 
holds bone-marrow drives locally 
three to silt times per month. The 
program has sponsored drives on 
the UCSD campus for the lasl five 
years. 

For indi -
viduals afflicted with such dis-
eases, a bone-marrow transplant 
represents the single hope for sur-
vival. 

The a(;tual transplant, which 
uses bone marrow taken from the 
donor 's hips, usually increases the 
patient's odds of survival from 

SPRING 
BREAK · 
VERY 

ECONOMICO! 
• Rooms from $69 plus tax, 

db!. oce. $15 per additional 
person (max. four per 
room) 

• Free welcome Margarita 
per person 

• Free dinner nightly 
• Complete European 

Health Spa also available 
• Free Tennis, Pools & 

Jacuzzi 
• Free Spring Break 

activities 
• Just 45 minutes kom 

downtown San Diego 

Lilllil~d Ami/il/li/ily 
Valid March 22 Illfollgh Ap;il14, 1996 

ceived s up -
port from Lambda Phi Epsilon and 
Kappa Delta Phi . 

Derek Shotiveyaratana, 
Lambda Phi Epsilon's first vice 
president and a Mar hall senior, 
predicts that approximately 300 
people will participate in the two-
day event. 

For more information, contact 
the San Diego Blood Bank 's Mar-
row Donor Center at 296-6393, 
extension 268 , 

"'W"ANTED Don't End Up Like 
Billy the Kid 
A life of crime is no way to mClke a few 
bucks .. . turn your life around and check 
out these Guardian Ad deals! 

The UCSD Bookstore Primo 
lEARN $10 ............................... p. 14 FREE ELECTROLYSIS .............. p. 17 
ClnRix Discount Beauty Supply Professionat Dentat Group 
'10 OFF .................................. p. 5 '3' INITIAL EXAM a X-RAYS .. ,. 14 
UCSD Extension San Diego Fotk Heritage 
FREE PUBLIC L£C11IRES ........ p .• $2 DISCOUNT .......................... ,. 13 
Council Travet Rosanto Beach Hotet & Spa 
SPRINGI BREAK DISCOUNTS ... p, 11 H.ROOMS ................ " .......... '.11 
Kin ko' s Zebra Copy 
21% OFF COMPU1IIt n_ ...... p. 7 3.S~ COPIES ........................ : .. '.17 

• Oliver 
People, 

• Guell 

PANEL: CCRI 
qualifies for 
November ballot 
Continued from pale 1 
sor Lisa Lowe, Professor Emeritus 
of biolugy Willie Brown, history 
depanment Chair Michael Bemstein 
and Professor Emeritus of political 
science Sandford LakotT. 

"We invited speakers who arc 
in favor and against laffimlative· 
action initiatives I so we can have 
some interaction between both 

side~ of the issue." said No Re-
treat! member and Roosevelt 
sophomure Chau Lai, who moder-
ated the panel discussion. 

Other forum speakers included 
National Organization for Women 
(N.O.W.) Vice President of Ac-
tion Rosemary Dempsey, Califor-
nia Libertarian Party Vice Chair 
Richard Halvorson and A.S. Com-
miss ioner of Communications 
Farsam Shadab. 

UCSD student-and staff- recruit-
ment officials made several presen-
tations detailing the likely effects or 
the implementation of SP- I and SP· 
2, the two initiatives passed by the 
UC Board of Regents last summer 
which abolish affirmative-action 
policies in university admi sions, 
hiring and contracting. 

If implemented mto state law, 
CCRI. which received enough 
voter signatures last week to 
qualify for the November state 
election ballot , would supersede 
any decisions made by the UC 
regents regarding affirmative ac-
tion, including SP-I and SP-2. 

'There are a number of possi -

NEWS 15 

bilities that could occur down the 
road with CCRJ," Lopez said. 'The 
issue here is between race-neutral 
and race-conscious practices," 

Halvorson, an affirmative-ac-
tion opponent who served on the 
initial CCRI advisory board, cited 
that CCR 1. in addition to SP-) and 
SP-2, arc "minor actions ... we are 
not throwing out affirmative ac-
tion through these initiatives." 

He also argued that currentjun-
ior college programs and affirma-
live-action outreach cfforts in Cali-
fomia compensate for di sparate 
condi tions in the state's educa-
tional system. 

Presenting her arguments for 
affirmative action in light of 
women's issues, Dempsey - who 
is curn:ntly touring and publiciz-
ing an Apri I 14 women's march in 
San Francisco for N.O.W. - fo -
cused her presentation on the is-
sue of gender-ba ed preferential 
treatment, particularly in higher 
education and the job market. 

" ( could not have gone to law 
school without affirmative action," 
Dempsey said. "And there are 
many of you in this audience who 
would not have a hot at graduate 
schools without il." 

No Retreat l members, who 
were lauded by Lipsitz as being a 
personal "i nspiralion)n the fight 
for affirmati ve action," said that 
they will continue to educate tht: 
UCSD community on affirmative-
action policies. 

"Even though it seems like an 
unlikely time to bediscussing this. 
we want to continue educating stu-
dents about the issue of affirma-
tive action," Lai said. 

s VS 
COLORS • CUT-OFFS • FADED BLUES 

- - - --$99 BIKER JACKETS 
COSTUMES • 60's, 70's, & MORE • FUN:"'FUNKY, FUNTIONAl 

HAWAIIAN • MILITARY ~~,..~" 
.TUXSH."I~RT~S __ ~~~~.­

-- ( 0 0 
F A I R M 

<1879 NEWPORT AVE., OCEAN BEACH 
..... ____ OPEN 7 DAYS • 222·0220· ____ _ 

FREE WJ. FRE H LOOKS OR 5 PAIR, I-DAY ACUVUE DISI'OSAIIU; CONTACT I.ENSES 'LO t. ·6.00 
Wi.h I"" purchase of any eonlaci icns pock.ge below 

For reservations call 
(619) 498-8230 or toIl·free: 
1-800-343-8582 
On Ihe Inlernet : • Calvin 

Klein 
$ 89 ;r),! ~ 129 ~~M;~:~~'~' 

Hltp : II1IIWlV.'OSII,ilo/1 II.cuIII 

• Cartier 

• Armani 

ALL indude lenses, exam, eyecare ~it and follow up visll. 

WE SPECIALIZE [N CONTACT LENSES 
• Gas-perm~able hard lenses • Soft lenses for astigmalism 

• Sports lenses • U.V. lenses • Colored lenses 
• Thousands of lenses in slock • Emergency ServICe 

ONE HOUR SERVICE' 6 DAYS A WEEK 
STUDEN' DISCOUNTS ON MOST CONTACT LENS PACKAGES 

• ,n menl cme\ 

• PRESCRIPTtONS FllLfD lOURS 
... 10-7 
.... 10.6 

• GlASSES DUPUCAnD 
• COMPUn EYE EXAMS 
• No APPOINTMENT t*CESSAlY 

HOTEL & SPA 1ZI •• 
N.beIOr 

-~ 

« I 



. 

16 CLASSlFIEDS 

ANNOUNCEMEN'S 

or contact 
Aaron Gadding 
at 623-0384 for 
more info 

Spring Quarter 
FLOOR 
HOCKEY 
League 
Sign ups on M41rch 8th & 15 th 
~t 3 pm in Rec Gym, 
Call1.,n llila for 
info ~t 71't-JD"-1IK1D; 

Clubs, organizations, & Greeks· 
Increase membership, PR, and 
awareness in the Guardian 
announcements. (616) 

Lake Havasu for Spring Breakl 4 
daysl3 nights on a houseboat for sun 
and fun; $1691 TardigradAdventure. 
693-1133 (2/29) 

Ski weekends at Mammoth Mountain-
FridaV and Saturday night, only $99. 
First 4 people to book. Tardigrad 
Adventure, 693-1133. (2/29) 

UCSD's Chancellor's Committee on 
Lesbian, Gay, and Bisexual issues 
will 'present a program on 
TRANSGENDER ISSUES. Fri. 
March 1 st, 3:30-5:00 p.m. (Gallery A 
- Price Center). UCSD students, 
staff and faculty are invited to attend 
this educational program concerning 

BOOK Now 
FOR 

SPRING BREAK 

~ c=...;.=";"::J:-,.-vel-;"';Experts 
In the UCSD Price Center 

(Across from !he 1IooIIItoI'~) 

452-0830 
..... M·F·9-S. w· Io-S and 5'10-2 
. ~ .. , , ... 

t .<, r ,',f', 

" . . 

The UCSD Guardian 

CLASSIFIEDS 
The UCSD Guardian reservBS Ihe righl 10 classify. edit. delete offenSive word! and 
phrases. andlo, refuse any and all advertisemenls Wllhout prIor notihcallon. The Advertiser 
WIll not holO (he Guardian liable 'or any claims resulting ',om Ihe pubilcaloon of the 
advertIsement. The pubhsher WIll also not be held accountable '0' any claim 'rom an 
agreemenl made between Ihe adveniser and Ihe consumer. 
Copy should be reviewed by Ihe advertise, tor e"o,s 'n order 10 be co"ecled in Ihe nexl 
regular Issue. all errors must be reponed by Ihe correspondong deadline. Credil WIll only 
be given 'or the incorrect ponion 0' Ihe advertosement There ale no re'unds 'or cancellatIons 
Pl ...... 00 all eo"upondence regarding C, ••• IIled. to: 
UCSD Guard'an, Ann: CI ... IfIed., 9500 Gllm.n Drlv. t0316 , La Joll •• CA 92093. 
Aetu."oc.tlon: Student Center A. Room 217. 

Classified Line 
Ad Rates 

Studen.: $21* 2O_rae 
Fecu!ty & SfIIff: S3 1* 20 _rd. 

AI oilier.: Sot 1* 20 word. 
Advance payment is requi,ed. 

Classified Display 
Ad Rates 

58.75 per column Inch 
Deadlin •• : 

Pllllilcalion 0... Dlaptat!. Uno A. 
lotond8y 
Thurldey 

Noon Thull. 3 pm Thurs. 
Noon Mon. 3 pm Mon. 

" Thursday. February 29, 1996 

Greeks, groups, clubs, motivated 
individuals. Fast, easy- no fin8{1Cia1 
obligation. (800)862-1982 EXT. 33 
(1/16-5/16) 

Articulate, enthusiastic students 
wanted to help raise money for 
UCSD. $6/hr. plus bonus. Contact 
UCSD Telephone Outreach 
Program. 535-1433. (1 /8-2127) 

HOUSING 
gender expression and Iransgender 
people. 

Make plans to rush Alpha Kappa Psi, 
the only cooed professional business 
fraternity on campus. this spring 
quarter. Network. be successful. 
have a future. (2126-3114) 

with papers 3 times per week. 
ContackValentina, 683·7971 or456-
0130. (2126-2129) 

month + benefits. Malelfemale. No 
experience necessary. (206)971 -
3510 ext.A59762 (2126·4/18) 

Volunteer Opportunities: Build your 
resume, gain valuable experience 
and feel good about yourself by 
becoming a Volunteer Mentorforfirst-
time juvenile offenders. Training 
provided. Call Angel Bruny at the 
Partners Mentorship Program , 
located in Pacific Beach. 274-4107 
(2122-3/4) 

rah. WEB 
'IIIMASTE 

HTML WANTED 
exper ts ~ 
with eclectic ,In ttWll 

[ion 

paid 

allel'n tive 
lIlLlsk;_ available_ 

Live in INTERNATIONAL HOUSE 
next yearl Located in Pepper Canyon; 
provides intemational atmosphere 
with residents from over 30 countries. 
Must be a Jr., Sr., graduate student 
or researcher, by fall, to apply. 
Applications available at Pepper 
Canyon Office Due March 8. 
Questions? Call 534-2261 . (2115-31 
7) 

Noon AI-Anon Meeting- Thursdays, 
12-1 pm. Suite 406, Torrey Pines 
Center- South. For information, call 
Michelle, 534-5523. (218-3114) 

Warren Orientation Leaders needed. 
Great benefits, great people, great 
fun. Apply in Warren Dean's Office, 
Literature Bldg. 1t3240. 534-4731 (21 
5-2/29) 

EMPLOYMENT 
Animated, high-energy individuals 
needed to present Fun Science 
demonstrations to 5-12 year-old 
children at birthday p&rties on 
weekends. Must have car and 
extensive experience with children. 
Pay: $25 per one hour show. Call: 
Mad Science, 549-3268. (2/29-4/1) 

Looking for tutor in English. Help 

--154-1332--
Eam $$$$$ on the Intemet! Very 
little work and no risk! For info, http:! 
/www.infohaus.com/access/by-
seller/lnternet_Research_Partnersi 
(2126-3/4) 

Need a job? Hiring now! 5 PIT PR & 
PROMOjobsearning$10hrto$400/ 
week. Jobs filled on a first come 
basis, call 619-793-4473. (2126-3/ 
14) 

Teach English in Eastern Europe-
Conversational English teachers 
needed in Prague, Budapest, or 
Krakow. No teaching certificate or 
European languages required. 
Inexpensive Room & Board + other 
benefits. For info., call: (206)971-
3680 ext.K59762 (2126-4111) 

Cruise Ships Now Hiring- Eam up to 
$2,OOO+/month working on Cruise 
Ships or Land-Tour companies. 
World travel. Seasonal & full-time 
employment available. No 
experience necessary. For more 
information, call 1-206-971-3550 
ext. C59763. (2126·4/18) 

Alas~a Summer Jobs- Fishing 
industry. Earn to $3,000-$6,000+/ 

Exceptional Summer Opportunity-
Camp Wayne, NE PA (3 hrs./NYC)· 
sports Oriented. Counselor/ 
Specialists for aillandiwater sports. 
camping, climbing/ropes, mountain 
biking, rocketry. A & C, drama, video, 
radio. On-campus interviews. 
TuesdaylWednesday, March 9 and 
10. Please call 1·800· 737 -9296 or 
516-883-3067, and leave your 
phone number and mailing address. 
(2122-4/1 ) 

Day Camps serving Consejo & San 
Fernando Valleys, Simi, Camarillo 
& Malibu seek fun caring counselors 
& speical instructors for nature, gym, 

horseback riding, fishing/boating, 
crafts, swimming, song leading, 
sports, ropes course & more. Now 
interviewing, 818·865-6263. (2122-
3/14) 

$Cruise Ships Hiring! Students 
needed! $$$ + Free Travel 
(Caribbean, Europe, Hawaii!) 
Seasonal/Permanent, no expr. 
necessary. Gde. 919-929-4398 ext. 

.Cll09 (2115-4/1) 

Rapidly expanding 
telecommunications company 
seeking managers, trainers, ~: Id 
public speakers. Leave name and 
number for interview. 683-9633 (21 
12-3114) 

Teach English in Korea- Positions 
available monthly. BA or BS degree 
required. UX $18,5QO-$23,400/yr. 
Accomodation & round-trip airfare 
provided. Send resume, copy of 
diploma, and copy of passport to: 
Bok Ji Corporation, Chun Bang Bldg., 
154-13 Samsung Dong, Kang Nam 
Gu, Seoul, Korea 135-090. Tel: 011-
82-2-555-JOBS(5627) FAX:011-82-
2-552-4FAX(4329) (2I12-lI7) 

Need to rent your 
house or apartment? 
Place a GUARDIAN 
classified display ad 
and get ready for your 
phone to rlngl 

Room available in University City. 
Share house with 4 girls. $336/month 
+ 1/5 utilities. 453-2167 or 552-
0263. (2129) 
---------

Room for rent. Near UCSD/UTC, 
washer/dryer, quiet area. $3251mo. 
+ 1/3 utilities. Call Jesse orJed, 677-
9058, leave message. Open April 1. 
(2129·3/14) 

Roommate wanted to share with 
male. Closest housing to campus, 
washer/dryer. pool/spa. Available 
late March. $285. 535-1544 (2/29-3/ 
11 ) 

Female roommate wanted, own 
room, share bath. PB, one block to 
beach, $300/mo. + 1/3 util. 272-
0584. Heather or Sarah. (2129-314) 

Live in INTERNATIONAL HOUSE 
next yearl Located in PepperCanyon; 
provides intemational atmosphere 
with residents from over 30 countries. 
Must be a Jr., Sr., graduate student 
or researcher, by fall, to apply. 
Applications available at Pepper 
Canyon Office. Due March 8. 
Questions? Call 534-2261. (2/26-3/ 
7) 

Need responsible, individual forMira 
Mesa single. 2 minutes from major 
shopping center. 10 min. to campus. 
Did we mention huge single for $2851 
mo. Call Pete!, 695-3879, Vu 549 
3530. (2126-3/7) 

Roommate wanted: $320/mo.. plus 
utilities for private bedroom, share 
bath. 2 miles from campus. Female 
preferred. 677-9980 (2/26-2129) 

Student Works Painting is hiring 
branch operators for summerof 1996. 
Duties include: marketing/sales/ 
production management. Avg . 
summer eamings $8,000. Call800-
394-6000. (211-411) 

Secure that summer job now! Great 
for students. Room + board and 
more. Order now. 1-800-854-4648. 
Not a Emp. Agent. (1129-2/29) 

$1750 weekly possible mailing our 
circulars. No experience required. 
Begin now. For info, call 301-306-
1207. (1/25-9/25) 

Room available April 1st: Female 
only. Own room/share bath. Near 
UTe. $335 + 1/3 utilities + deposit. 
Nonsmoker. No pets. Washer/dryer, 
dishwasher, pool, jacuzzi , gym, 
sauna, underground garage parking, 
guarded entry. Call Kim, 452-5707. 
(2126-3/11 ) 

Fastfundral5er- Raise $500 in 5 days-

Northwest Clairemont- Awesome 
house. Master bedlbath, $430.00/ 
month, room/share bath, $360.001 
month. Close to everything. 270-
3486 (2/26·2/29) 

• 

Thursday. February 29. 1996 

Buy and Save! Interest rates nea r 20 
year low: 2 bdrm., 1.25 ba., Security 
Building, walk to beach. 436-5263. 
Agent. (2122-4/11) 

3 bedroom condo near UCSD, UTC. 
Washer,dryer, pool. . $1140/mo. 
available June or September. 
Contact Nina. 792-6453. (2120-3/14) 

Roommate needed: 2 Single rooms 
in 4 br. house. University City/ 
Clairemont area. $325 includes pool, 
washer/dryer, avail. 3/15. 273-5027 
(2120-2129 ) 

Need Female roommate, LJ Colony 
Apt. , nearbusstop, wash/dryer. pooV 
spa , sauna, gym, garage, 
dishwasher, cheap rent . cool 
roommates and neighbors. Ca1l457-
0069. Elisa. (2112-2129) 

2 Single rooms for rent. Females 
only. Playmor condo. $340 + 1/4 
utilities/room. Call 622-9688 or 558-
7909. (2112-2129) 

Nocar? Noproblem! Roomavailable 
in spacious 1700 sq . ft . townhouse 
less than 1/2 mile from East Parking 
Shuttle, fully furnished common area 
with large living/dining, fireplace, 
cable TV, washer and dryer, end 
unit. $395 + 1/4 utilities. Please call 
John @457-9821. (2112-2129) 

Own your own home-save rent 
dollars. Special savings UCSD staff 
& students. Walkto UCSD. 1,2,3 br. 
condos , $120,000+. Houses 
$195,000+. La Jolla, Univ. City. 
Clairemont , Mira Mesa , & 
surrounding area realtor 13 years 
experience. Judith Haddox, RelMax 
Assoc. 274-4477(2/12·3/14) 

Buy!! Deduct loan interest! Build 
your equity insted of your landlords! 
Walk to UCSD, 1 br. condos from 
$106.000, 2 br. condos from 
$117,500. Frig, WID, garage, pool 
Marietta Powers GRI , Broker. 459-
6944. Serving San Diego since 1974. 
(215·3/4) 

Available immediately-March 1 . Own 
room, ocean view. $355 house in La 
Jolla- Windansea. Call 459-4293. (21 
29-317) 

r SKiN CARE-l 
I ~A/;ja I 
I Acne Fadals_ $50 ($75 value) I 

Back Fadals_ $35 (sse value) I I Make-Up_ $20 ($35 value) 
I WaxinS_ JO%O_FF_ I 
I ---c'.ift Certificates Available I 
I Call for a consultation I ~RJYA: 678-0323 ~ 
rELEcr-Roi:YSis I ~~)'l I I 20 minutes FREE Electrolysis I "l I No Obligation i I Permanent HaIr Removal t I 
I Call for FR£.E consultation II 

TOVA: 453·8708 

-PfiiO-
lITe La Jolla 

Near Carlos Murphy's 
for Appaia--'II call 4SS •• 

Ope. 7 D.,. • week 

FOR SALE 

Let '0 of clutter ... pnn It off 
on lOIIMIbocty llul 

GUARDIAN CI...m ... 
DI ..... y Ad. 

Moving sale!!! 55 gallon aquarium 
set-up, sofa set, dorm fridge. washerl 
dryer, coffee, dining table w/chairs. 
twin bed. 587-0149 (2129-314) 

Typewriter(Brother) w/spell-check, 
thesaurus & more($50) . Computer 
desk w/small book shelf and office 
chair ($60 for all) . Sarah, 571-7931 . 
(2129) 

Full-size hardwood futon frame in 
great condition. Will transport. Must 
selll! $75 o.b.o. Call Mary, 792-
2305. (2129-3/14) 

Graphing c.tculatorfor sale. Nearly 
new Caslo 7700GB graphing 
calculator. Only $45.OQ(was $98.00 
new). Call 678·0113. (2129) 

Bargain for a futon! Futon frame 
in good condition, folds into a sofa, 
metal. You can have this for 3 
c.... of re.lly good beer! C.II 
622-0365. (2129-3/14) 

VV ANT E 0 
UCSD Medical Center at Hillcrest 
needs healthy volunteers 18 to 55, 
for a 2-3 hour "Eyeblink Study". $5/ 
hour plus parking. Call Pattie at 543-
2314. (2129) 

Mother' s helper- must cook and drive 
Monday, Wednesday + Fridays, 3:30-
6:30 pm. Near UCSD. Call 455-
0800, lOam- 5 pm. (2126-2129) 

Bands wanted for Record Label: 
Alternative punktechnoindustria l 
c1assica Ifusionacidtrancejazzfu n k. 
Send demo material/Press release 
to Turmoil Records, 3550 Sierra 

The UCSD Guardian 

Morena Ave. Suite A, Carlsbad, CA. 
92008. (2126-3/7) 

Counselors: CAMP WAYNE, brother/ 
sister camp. Pennsylvania, 6/20-81 
18196. Have the most memorable 
summer of your life! Counselors 
needed lor: Tennis, Swim (W.S.1. 
preferred). Basketball, Softball , 
Volleyball , Soccer, Golf, Self-
Defense, Gymnastics, Cheerleading, 
Aerobics, Nature/Camping, Ropes. 
·Piano. Guitar, Ceramics, Jewelry, 
Batik. Sculpture. Drawing/Painting, 
Silkscreen, Other staff : Group 
Leaders, Bookkeeper, DriverNideo/ 
Photography, Chef and assistant. 
Many other positions. On campus 
Interviews February 29th. Call 1-
800-279-3019 for information. (218-
3/11 ) 

FraternaVldentical twins needed for 
a paid UCSD psychology experiment. 
$10 for one hour! Jeff, 534-6283. (21 
5-3/14) 

Healthy volunteers ages 18 to 45 
years old are needed to participate in 
a study examining the effect of sound 
on the eyeblink reflex at the UCSD 
Medical Center in Hillcrest. Free 
shuttle transportation is available. 
Compensation will be provided. Call 
543-2494 for information. (215-2129) 

Needed: Infants()"4 months for vision 
study. Leam what your baby sees; 
earn $5/hr! Dr. Karen Dobkins, 
Psychology Department, 822-0642. 
(211-2129) 

SUBJECTS PAID tor a study on 
alcohol's effects . If you are a 
Japanese, Chinese, or Korean , 
American-born male, call VA Medical 
Center for more information, 552-
8585 X2182 . (1/16-3114) 

SERVICES 

Word processing,' term papers. 
resumes, etc. 270·7106 (2/29·3/14) 

VI ...... FICIn, a ... ..-eII 
....., .............. . 
AsStStance r'I NsIC ~enenSlOn & lenttll h~ wit,.: 
........... ~.'"- .. ~ 
...... YIHII"' ....... 
. ...-cc. unlc .... SIdIIo 
• e ...... MIIIICIbrII ~ 
• ....,. ..... o.. ...... .,c-
......,... .... ~.-~ 
..... 

ThIs servICe IS prOVIded ~ a orner lJCSO profes5()( 
and ,eHatch schof.,. Call for lOOO\ntments at 
16191651·9233. f1( E-maol cOtlCefns f1( requests \0 

DOIVlS~_com_ AellsooatMe hourty tatH. 
Flee IOCII I consultation. 

Mr.Taxman-low CoSt. computerized 
tax preparation. Quick refunds . 10% 
discount for UCSD students. Call 
587-7047. (2129-3/14) 

Rassi European Beauty Care Hair. 
Facials, massage. waxing, manicure, 
pedicures. 20% off. 1122 Silverado 
St. , La Jolla. Days, eves, 456·8054. 
Pager, 968-0716. (2129) 

Flamenco in North county. Gypsy 
rumba and sevillanas for beginners 
and advanced dancers. Native 
teaches. Cristina, 942·6362 or 457· 
8616. (2I26-3f7j 

Problems with English composition? 
Let an experienced writer and 
corporate communicator help boost 
your confidence and GPA in the 
written world. Call Mike, 482-0470. 
(2126-3/11 ) 

Scholarship Locators: We will locate 
sources of free money for you. 
GUARANTEED RESULTS. Free 
information. 1-800-250-8587. (2126-
4/29) 

Free Financial Aid! Over $6 Billion In 
public and private sector grants & 
scholarships is now available. All 
students are eligible regardless of 
grades, income, or parent's income. 
Let us help. Call Student Financial 

CLASSIFIEDS !7 

Services: 1-800-263-6495 ext. 
F59763 (2126-4118) 

Lose weight nowll 2-6 Ibs./week. 
100% natural, doctor recommended. 
$36/30 days, money back guarantee! 
Call 689-6425. (2120-2129) 

Need to stay awake? All natural 
herbal tea assists mental clarity 
without caffeine effect. Money back 
guarantee! 689-6425 (2120-2/29) 

BRUCE LEE'S Jeet Kone Do, 
Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, Kali, self-defense 
and Knife Throwing are taught at 
Progressive Fighting Systems. 
Recieve a 10% Discount with.'his ad. 
Call 279-7575 for more info. Ask fo r 
Roy Harris. (2115-4/18) 

Attention sports fans!! Tired of lOSing? 
Be a winnerll Call and talk with our 
sports consultants FREE!! Prof 
College, (310)730-2437. (1/29-2129) 

Travel-Best fares-World·Wide. Call 
now- save $$$. Mon. -Fri. 5:30-
9:30pm, Sat. 9:00-noon. 546-7831 
(1/18-3/11) 

EPISCOPAL STUDENT 
ASSOCIATION EUCharist every 
Wed. 5-5:3Opm in the International 
Center. Free dinner/discussion 
following the service. Info call (619) 
534-2537. (1/8-3/14) 

Math Tutoring in your home. Get 
course assistance while developing 
math fundamentals. Mention this ad 
for UCSD student discount. (619) 
583-4426. (10/26-2129) 

ATTENTION ALL STUDENTS! 
Grants & Scholarships available! 
Billions of $$$ In private funding. 
Qualify immediately. 1-BOO-AID-2-
HELP (1-800-243-2435). (1/8-4/4). 

Word Processing manuscripts , 
dissertations, books, business , 
applications . resumes. editing . 
Accurate, fast , confidential. Mary 
Ann, (619) 452·9439. (10/26·4/25) 

PERSONALS 
Old proverb Give a man a fish and 
he eats tor one day; teach him to fish 
and and he'll eat for the rest of his li fe, 
and then maybe later you can bill him 
for your time. (2/29 ) 

• Gain Valuable Sales Experience 
• 9"'0-14% Commission 
• Flexible Hours 
e 15-20 hours per week 
e Work with small businesses 

& community leaders 

.' 

-

-

-

-



T 

16 ClASSlAEDS 

AI.OUICEMEITS 

or contact 
Aaron Gadding 
at 623-0384 for 
more info 

Spring Quarter 
FLOOR 
HOCKEY 
League 
Sign ups on ~rch 8th & 15th 
at J pm in Rec Gym. 
Call Jason JIN for 
info at 71 't';JI'4:-G!~U 

Clubs, organizations, & Greeks-
Increase membership, PR, and 
awareness in the Guardian 
announcements. (616) 

Lake Havasu for Spring Break! 4 
daysl3 nights on a houseboat for sun 
andfun;$169! TardigradAdventure. 
693-1133 (2129) 

Ski weekends at Mammoth Mountain-
Frida~ and Saturday night, only $99. 
First .. people to book. Tardigrad 
Adventure, 693-1133. (2129) 

UCSD's Chancellor's Committee on 
Lesbian, Gay, and Bisexual issues 
will 'present a program on 
TRANSGENDER ISSUES. Fri. 
March 1 st, 3:30·5:00 p.m. (GaUery A 
- Price Center). UCSD students, 
staff and faculty are invited to attend 
this educational program conceming 

BOOK Now 
FOR 

SPRING BREAK 
Mexico $112· 
MIa.i $142. 
New York $115· 
Tok,o $26'· 
Lonilon $209* 

p~s $209* 
fr8nkfurt $229· 
AlIISt.... $299-

...... adrI...., .... s..O"" ....... L-.=r:......, ... --. 

....... ,...-..... ~--.. ...........,.:.; 
J.4J. t G. .... ~..:,-=-... '*:'"~--. 
Sa OUI SfIIcw. s... IIIAIc All 

FOI UCSD S'fUIIIIIII1 

~ YourO:;~~;wTTrt.a;;vetiliEExperts 
In the UCSD Price Center 

~os, 110m 1IIe 1IouIIIIur.) 

452-0110 
..... M-F-9-5. W'lo-S and 5-10-2 

The UCSD Guardian 
.. Thursday, February 29, 1996 

CLASSIFIEDS Classified Line Ad Rates s...,.: S2 per 20 wolda 
FlCulty 'SI8ft: 53 per 20 word~ 

AI~: .. per 20 word. 

Greeks, groups, clubs, motivated 
individUals. Fast, easy- no final,'lCial 
obligation. (800)862-1982 EXT. 33 
(1/16-5116) 

The UCSD Guardian reserves the IIghl to classify . edit, delete offensive words ~nd 
phrases, and/or refuse any and all advertiseme~t$ without.PIior notllication. ~e AdvertISer 
Will not hold the Guardian liable lor any claims resulting from the publICation of the 
advert"ement. The pUOllsher Will also not be held accountable for any Claim Irom an 
agreement made between the advertiser and the consumer 
Copy shOUld be re~l8wed by the advertiser lor errors. In order to be corrected in the next 
regular Issue, all errors must be reponed by the corresponding deadline Credit will only 
be given for the Incorrect pollion ollhe advertisement There are no refunds for cancellations. 
Pi ........ d III corralpolldenca 1'89.,dlnll CII .. lllad. to: 
UCSO GUlrdlln, Attn: Cla .. illed., 11500 Gilman Drivi '0316, La Jolla, CA 92093. 
Actual location: Student Center A, Roum 217. 

Advance payment is required . 

Classified Display 
Ad Rates 

sa.75 per column Inch 
Deedlln •• : 

Pull_Ion 0... Dilplay Ads Ulle Ads 
Mondly 
Thursclly 

Noon Thurs. 3 pm Thur •• 
Noon Mon. 3 pm Mon. 

Articulate, enthusiastic students 
wanted to help raise money for 
UCSD. $6/hr. plus bonus. Contact 
UCSD Telephone Outreach 
Program. 535-1433. (1/8-2127) 

HOUSING 
gender expression and transgender 
people. 

Make plans to rush Alpha Kappa Psi, 
the only cooed professional business 
fraternity on campus, this spring 
quarter. Network, be successful, 
have a future. (2126-3114) 

with papers 3 times per week. 
Contack Valentina, 683-7971 or 456· 
0130. (2126-2129) 

month + benefits. Malelfemale. No 
experience necessary. (206)971. 
3510 ext.A59762 (2126·4/18) 

Volunteer Opportunities: BUild your 
resume, gain valuable experience 
and feel good about yourself by 
becoming a Volunteer Mentorforfirst-
time juvenile oHenders. Training 
provided. Call Angel Bruny at the 
Partners Mentorship Program, 
located in Pacific Beach. 274-4107 
(2122-3/4) 

FIiA. 'M:B 
~MASTE 

HTML WANTED 
expeJ"ts ~ 

Exceptional Summer Opportunity-
Camp Wayne, NE PA (3 hrs./NYC)-
sports oriented . Counselor/ 
Specialists for alilandlwatersports, 
camping, Climbing/ropes, mountain 
biking, rocketry, A& C, drama, video, 
radio . On·campus interviews. 
TuesdayiWednesday, March 9 and 

Need to rent your 
house or apartment? 
Place a GUARDIAN 
classified display ad 
and get ready for your 
phone to rlngl 

Live in INTERNATIONAL HOUSE 
next year! Located in Pepper Canyon; 
provides intemational atmosphere 
with residents from over 30 countries. 
Must be a Jr., Sr., graduate student 
or researcher, by fall , to apply. 
Applications available at Pepper 
Canyon Office Due March P •. 
Questions? CaN 534-2261 . (2I15':J/ 
7) 

Noon AI-Anon Meeting- Thursdays, 
12-1 pm. Suite 406, Torrey Pines 
Center- South. For information, call 
Michelle, 534·5523. (218-3114) 
------------

Warren Orientation Leaders needed. 
Great benefits, great people, great 
fun. Apply in Warren Dean's Office, 
Literature Bldg. 13240. 534-4731 (21 
5-2129) 

EMPLOYMEIT 
Animated, high-energy individuals 
needed to present Fun Science 
demonstrations to 5-12 year-old 
children at birthday parties on 
weekends. Must have car and 
extensive experience with children. 
Pay: $25 per one hour show. Call : 

with :lCloctic .1nlen 1 

lIlllSk:. available. 

--151-1332--
Earn $$$$$ on the Intemet! Very 
little work and no risk! For info, http:/ 
/www .i nfohaus .com/access/by-
sellerllnterne,-Research_Partnersl 
(2126-3/4) 

Need a job? Hiring now! 5 PIT PR & 
PROMO jobs earning $1 0 hrto $400/ 
week. Jobs filled on a first come 
basis, call 619-793-4473. (2126-3/ 
14) 

Teach English in Eastem Europe-
Conversational English teachers 
needed in Prague, Budapest, or 
Krakow. No teaching cert~icate or 
European languages required . 
Inexpensive Room & Board + other 
benefits. For info., call: (206)971-
3680 ext. K59762 (2126-4111) 

Cruise Ships Now Hiring- Eam up to 
$2,OOO+/month working on Cruise 
Ships or Land-Tour companies. 
World travel. Seasonal & full-time 
employment available. No 
experience necessary. For more 
information, call 1-206-971-3550 
ext.C59763. (2126-4/18) 

Mad Science, 549-3268. (2129-4/1) Alas~a Summer Jobs- Fishing 
industry. Earn to $3,000·$6,000+/ Looking for tutor in English. Help 

FlEE B ECaJII 
Frft oonouIllhOn and IniI •• t_ ........ SlS ..... 
fine -dill< chenu only Willi rhio .... Exp. 3120/96. 
'11' •• "1 ( !YIIIOWI 
•• IIIP ~ U'~~~.lI' 
... Il •• lI . IICI 

~ SPA roaMuLA 
Sill CUI 

!J UltUUM' UIAITS 

D<- OR~-: 
CREATION YJ -

I VlJllil /()oJ 

GET THE FACTS & 
DECIDE FOR 
YOURSELF! 

//\, I I' "1 

."j', ';'!: .1"1 

I, 

: :,"J: ,., 
• / p ~ ,. 

~ '( ) 

10. Please call 1-800-737·9296 or Room available in UniverSity Cily. 
516-883-3067, and leave your Sharehousewith4girts. $3361month 
phone numberand mailing address. + 1/5 utilities. 453-2167 or 552-
(2122-4/1) 0263. (2129) 

Day Camps serving Consejo & San 
Fernando Valleys, Simi, Camarillo 
& Malibu seek fun caring counselors 
& speical instructors for nature, gym, 

horseback riding, fishing/boating , 
crafts, swimming, song leading, 
sports, ropes course & more. Now 
interviewing, 818-865-6263. (2122-
3114) 

$Cruise Ships Hiring! Students 
needed! U$ + Free Travel 
(Caribbean , Europe , Hawaiil) 
Seasonal/Permanent, no expr. 
necessary. Gde. 919-929-4398 ext. 
C1109 (2115-4/1) 

Rapidly expanding 
telecommunications company 
seeking managers, trainers, and 
public speakers. Leave name and 
number for interview. 683-9633 (21 
12-3114) 

Teach English in Korea- Positions 
available monthly. BA or BS degree 
required. UX $18,SOO-$23,400lyr. 
Accomodation & round·trip airfare 
provided. Send resume, copy of 
diploma, and copy of passport to: 
BokJiCorporation, Chun Bang Bldg., 
154-13 Samsung Dong, Kang Nam 
Gu, Seoul, Korea 135-090. Tel: 011-
82-2-555-JOBS(5627) FAX:011-82-
2-552-4FAX(4329) (2112-317) 

Student Works Painting is hiring 
branch operators lor summer of 1996. 
Duties include: marketing/sales/ 
production management. Avg . 
summer eamings $8,000. Call 800-
394-6000. (211-4/1) 

Secure that summer job nowl Great 
for students. Room + board and 
more. Order now. 1-8()().854-4648. 
Not a Emp. Agent. (1129-2129) 

$1750 weekly possible mailing our 
circulars. No experience required. 
Begin now. For info, call 301-306-
1207. (1/25·9125) 

Room for rent. Near UCSD/UTC, 
washer/dryer, quiet area . $3251mo. 
+ 1/3 utilities. Call Jesse or Jed, 6n-
9058, leave message. Open April 1. 
(2129-3/14) 

Roommate wanted to share with 
male. Closest housing to campus, 
washer/dryer, pooVspa. Available 
late March. $285. 535·1544 (2129-31 
t 1) 

Female roommate wanted, own 
room, share bath. PB, one block to 
beach, $300/mo. + 1/3 util. 272-
0584. Heather or Sarah. (2129-314) 

Live in INTERNATIONAL HOUSE 
next year! Located in Pepper Canyon; 
provides intemational atmosphere 
w~h residents from over 30 countries. 
Must be a Jr., Sr., graduate student 
or researcher, by fall , to apply. 
Applications available at Pepper 
Canyon Office. Due March 8. 
Questions? Call 534-2261. (2126·3/ 
7) 

Netld responsible, individual for Mira 
Mesa Single. 2 minutes from major 
shopping center, 10 min. to campus. 
Did we mention huge single for $285/ 
mo. Call Peter, 695-3879, Vu 549 
3530. (2126-317) 

Roommate wanted: $320/mo. plus 
utilities for private bedroom, share 
bath. 2 miles from campus. Female 
preferred. 677-9980 (2126-2129) 

Room available April 1 sf: Female 
only. Own room/share bath. Near 
UTC. $335 + 1/3 utilities + deposit. 
Nonsmoker. No pets. Washer/dryer, 
dishwasher, pool, jacuzzi, gym, 
sauna, underground garage parking, 
guarded entry. Call Kim, 452-5707. 
(2126-3/11 ) 

, ~ I,. f ,1 j Fastlundralser- Raise S500 in 5days. 

Northwest Clairemont- Awesome 
house. Master bedlbath, $430.00/ 
month, room/share bath, $360.00/ 
month . Close to everything. 270-
3486 (2126-2129) 

. . 

• 

Thursday, February 29, 1996 

Buy and Save! Interest rates near20 
year low: 2 bdrm., 1.25 ba., Security 
Building, walk to beach. 436-5263. 
Agent. (2122-4/11) 

3 bedroom condo near UCSD, UTC. 
Washer,dryer, pool. . $1140/mo. 
available June or September . 
Contact Nina, 792-6453. (2/20-3114) 

Roommate needed: 2 single rooms 
in 4 br. house. University City/ 
Clairemont area. $325 includes pool, 
washer/dryer, avail. 3/15. 273·5027 
(2120-2129) 

Need Female roommate, LJ Colony 
Apt. , near bus stop, wash/dryer, pooV 
spa, sauna, gym , garage, 
dishwasher , cheap rent , cool 
roommates and neighbors. Call 457 -
0069, Elisa. (2112-2129) 

2 Single rooms for rent. Females 
only . Playmor condo. $340 + 1/4 
utilities/room. Call 622-9688 or 558-
7909. (2112·2129) 

Nocar? Noproblem! Room available 
in spacious 1700 sq . ft . townhouse 
less than 1/2 mile from East Parking 
Shuttle, fully fumished common area 
with large living/dining, fireplace, 
cable TV, washer and dryer, end 
unit. $395 + 1/4 utilities. Please call 
John @457-9821 . (2112-2129) 

Own your own home-save rent 
dollars. Special savings UCSD staH 
& students. Walk to UCSD. 1,2,3 br. 
condos, $120 ,000+. Houses 
$195,000+. La Jolla, Univ. City, 
Clairemont , Mira Mesa , & 
surrounding area realtor 13 years 
experience. Judith Haddox, Ae/Max 
Assoc. 274-4477(2112-3/14) 

Buy!! Deduct loan interest! Build 
your equity insted of your landlords! 
Walk to UCSD, 1 br. condos from 
$106 ,000 , 2 br. condos from 
$117,500. Frig, WID, garage, pool 
Marietta Powers GAl , Broker. 459-
6944. Serving San Diegosince 1974. 
(215-3/4) 

Available immediately- March 1. Own 
room , ocean view. $355 house in La 
Jolla- Windansea. Call 459-4293. (2/ 
29-317) 

~--------., I SKIN CARE I 
I .; J!!(lffitt I 
I Acne fadals_ S50 (S75 value) I 

Back fadals_ S35 (S5O value) I I Make-Up_ $20 (S35 value) I I Waxing __ IO% Ofr 
I Gift Certificates Available I 
I Call for a consultation I ~~A: 678-0323 ~ ~I ELECT-ROi:YSIS I 11~'a I I 20 minutes fREE E!ectrolysisl ( I I No Obligation i I Permanent HaIr Removal t I 
I Call lOr FRU consultation II 

TOVA: 453·8701 ,J 

-OOiMO-
UTe La Jolla 

Near Carlos Murphy's 
For Ap .......... cell 451 •• 

Opea 7 Dayt a .eek 

FOR SAL E 

Let '0 of clutter .. _pawn It off 
on somebody .Isel 

GUARDIAN CI __ lfIed 
DlapI_y Ad. 

MOVing sale!!! 55 gallon aquarium 
set· up, sofa set, dorm fridge, washer/ 
dryer, coffee, dining table w/chairs, 
twin bed. 587-0149 (2129-314) 

Typewriter(Brother) w/spell-check, 
thesaurus & more($50). Computer 
desk w/small book shelf and oHice 
chair ($60 for all). Sarah, 571-7931 . 
(2129) 

Full-size hardwood futon frame in 
great condition. Will transport. Must 
sellli $75 o.b.o. Call Mary, 792-
2305. (2129-3/14) 

Graphing ~Iculatorfor sale. Nearly 
new Caslo 7700GB graphing 
calculator. Only $45.00(was $98.00 
new). Call 678·0113. (2129) 

Bargain 'or a futon! Futon 'rame 
in good condition, 'olds into a SO'I, 
metal, You can hive this for 3 
cases of really good beer! Can 
622-0365. (2129·3/14) 

VV ANT E 0 
UCSD Medical Center at Hillcrest 
needs healthy volunteers 18 to 55 , 
for a 2-3 hour "Eyeblink Study". $5/ 
hour plus parking. Call Pattie at 543· 
2314. (2129) 

Mother's helper- must cook and drive 
Monday, Wednesday+Fridays, 3:30-
6:30 pm. Near UCSD. Call 455-
0800, lOam· 5 pm. (2126·2129) 

Bands wanted for Record Label: 
Alternative punktechnoindustrial 
classicalfus ionacidtrancejazzfunk. 
Send demo materiaVPress release 
to Turmoil Records, 3550 Sierra 

The UCSD Guardian 

Morena Ave. Suite A, Cartsbad, CA. 
92008. (2126-317) 

Counselors: CAMPWA YNE, brother/ 
sister camp, Pennsylvania, 6120-81 
18196. Have the most memorable 
summer of your life! Counselors 
needed for: Tennis, Swim (W.S.1. 
preferred) , Basketball , Softball, 
Volleyball , Soccer, Golf, Self· 
Defense, Gymnastics, Cheer1eading, 
Aerobics, Nature/Camping, Ropes, 
Piano, Guitar, Ceramics, Jewelry, 
Batik, Sculpture, Drawing/Painting , 
Silkscreen, Other staff : Group 
Leaders, Bookkeeper, DriverNideo/ 
Photography, Chef and assistant. 
Many other positions. On campus 
Interviews February 29th. Call 1-
800-279-3019 for information. (218-
3/11 ) 

FraternaVldentical twins needed for 
a paid UCSD psychology experiment. 
$1010rone hour! JeH, 534-6283. (2/ 
5-3/14) 

Healthy volunteers ages 18 to 45 
years old a re needed to pa rticipate in 
a study examining the effect of sound 
on the eyeblink reflex at the UCSD 
Medical Center in Hillcrest. Free 
shuttle transportation is available. 
Compensation will be provided. Call 
543·2494 for information. (215-2129) 

Needed: Infants 0-4 months for vision 
study. Leam what your baby sees; 
earn $5/hr! Dr. Karen Dobkins , 
Psychology Department, 822-0642. 
(211-2129) 

SUBJECTS PAID for a study on 
alcohol's effects. If you are a 
Japanese, Chinese, or Korean, 
American-born male, call VA Medical 
Center for more information, 552· 
8585 X2182. (1/16-3/14) 

SERVICES 

Word processing, ' term papers, 
resumes. etc . 270·7106 (2/29·3/14) 

CLASSIFlEDS 17 . ;)< 

VI.., FICllItJ a I •• arch 
IcIIoIIi ".,.,.... 

A$~stanco .. bas. _ellen .... & , ...... htlp.,~ 

• ....... SttMIoI "-" EaM 10 ~ 
• ........ VhuI~ 
• ........... c-Iclllon ..... 
·C ....... II1IC_~ 
• AIIIIysIa .. _ OM! AN. III CoIIctm 
• IIIIMIlCl/lllwtta~ ...... FeN/OI 
..... 

This 5ef'\'ICe IS Pf"O'Ioe<i b'j a former UCSO professor 
100 tesearch schorat'. Call for 8ppotntments aI. 
16191657·9233. Of E",,,' concerns or requests I. 
OOlWJSsor"'"u:om. RelSomtble hoYrty'lIts. 
Free initIal consuitaltOfl. 

Mr.Taxman- low cost, computerized 
tax preparation. Quick refunds. 10% 
discount for UCSD students. Call 
587-7047. (2129-3114) 

Rassi European Beauty Care Hair. 
Facials, massage, waxing, manicure, 
pedicures. 20% oH. 1122 Silverado 
St., La Jolla. Days, eves, 456-8054 . 
Pager, 968-0716. (2129) 

Flamenco in North county. Gypsy 
rumba and sevillanas for beginners 
and advanced dancers. Native 
teaches. Cristina , 942·6362 or 457-
8616. (2126-317) 

Problems with English composition? 
Let an experienced writer and 
corporate communicator help boost 
your confidence and GPA in the 
written world. Call Mike, 482·0470. 
(2126-3 /11 ) 

Scholarship Locators : We will locate 
sources of free money for you . 
GUARANTEED RESULTS. Free 
informalion . 1-800-250-8587. (2126-
4/29) 

Free Financial Aid! Over $6 Billion In 
public and private sector grants & 
scholarships is now available. All 
students are eligible regardless 01 
grades, income, or parent's income. 
Let us help . Call Student Financial 

Services: 1-800-263·6495 ext. 
F59763 (2126-4/18) 

Lose weight nowl! 2-6 Ibs.lweek. 
100% natural, doctor recommended. 
$36130 days, money back guarantee! 
Call 689-6425. (2120-2129) 

Need to stay awake? All natural 
herbal tea assists mental clarity 
without caffeine effect. Money back 
guarantee! 689·6425 (2120-2129) 

BRUCE LEE'S Jeet Kone Do, 
Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, Kali, self-defense 
and Knife Throwing are taught at 
Progressive Fight ing Systems. 
Recieve a 10% Discount with.tAis ad. 
Call 279-7575 for more info. Ask for 
Roy Ha rris. (2115·4/18) 

Attention sports fans!! Tired of losing? 
Be a winner!! Call and talk with our 
sports consultants FREE!! Pro/ 
College , (310)730-2437. (1129-2129) 

Travel-Best fares-WortdWide. Call 
now- save $$$. Mon.-Fri. 5:30-
9:30pm, Sat. 9:oo-noon. 546-7831 
(1/18-3/11) 

EPISCOPAL STUDENT 
ASSOCIATION Eucharist every 
Wed. 5-5:3Opm in the Intemational 
Center. Free dinner/discussion 
following the service. Info call (619) 
534-2537. (1/8-3114) 

Math Tutoring in your home. Get 
course assistance while developing 
math fundamentals. Mention this ad 
for UCSD student discount. (619) 
583·4426. (10/26-2/29) 

ATTENTION ALL STUDENTS! 
Grants & Scholarships available! 
Billions of $$$ In private funding. 
Qualify immediately. 1-800-AID-2-
HELP (1-800-243-2435). (1/8-4/4). 

Word Processing manuscripts , 
dissertations, books , business , 
applications, resumes, editing _ 
Accurate , fast, confidential. Mary 
Ann, (619) 452·9439. (10126-4/25) 

PERSONALS 
Old proverb. Give a man a fish and 
he eats for one day; teach him to fish 
and and he'll eat forthe rest of his life, 
and then maybe later you can bill him 
for your time. (2/29) 

• Gain Valuable Sales Experience 
• 9"crI4% Commission 
• Flexible Hours 
• I 5-20 hours per week 
e Work with small businesses 

& community leaders 

.. ' 

-

-



18 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian 

Eslelle V,llacorta/ GuDrd,an 

MOVING ON: 
Tritons advance 
Continued from page 20 
Again leading by one, UCSD broke 
Pomona 's press and took the ball 
down court. TheSagehens defense 
provided no opening for UCSD 
shooters, however, and with one 
tick left on the shot clock, 
Jungwirth drove the baseline and 
drew the blocking fou l. 

Confusion dominated the Tri-
ton~ final 14 seconds to victory. 
Not reallllng that the shut clock 
had been resct , Schneidcr 
Inbuunded tbl.' ball Jnd lcffneil 
put up what .,he thought to be a 
bU7ler-beatlng Jumper. 

Thursday, February 29, 1996 

we -could to stop them." 
The Sage hens set up a back-

door inbounds play to beat the 
clock and claim the Win . Amid 
the chanting of the UCSD fans , 
how eve r, Morrison held the 
inbounds pass a second too long. 

" It was supposed to be a back-
door play, but there was some 
confusion with the scrce n," 
Pomona HC<ld Coach Barbara 
Krieger said. 

Thc intended Sagehen freed 
herse lffrom hcr UCSD defender, 
but gOlthc ball too I<lte 10 put up 
a shot. 

"Two sccond~ i~n' t a long 
time to gel a shot of 1', but thank 
God thcy didn 't havc any longer 
than two econds," Malonc sa id. 

Krackl: UCSD 's Mikl Kurukowa fires a s hot back in singles action against Western Michigan. 

" I was \ urprised Iwhen she 
~hOlthe balll ," Malone said . "She 
didn't sec the clod reset. We 
were all sc rl!alTiing 'Don' t shoot. 
Don ' t shout ,' but all shl! heard 
was 'Shoot. Shoot. '" 

Thc Tri ton bench was un Its 
feet , mubbing its fellow team-
mates, and UC5D had good rea -
son to be ecs tati c. With its 58-57 
triumph , the Triton women 's 
team has left its mark on the 
UCSD history books. No longer 
is women 's basketball shadowed 
by UCSD's other championship 
teams. 

Michigan Goes West for Win Pomona snagged the rebound and crossed half-court , ca lling a 
panicked ti meout with 2.5 sec-
onds left on the game clock. BIG LEAGUE: Division I Western Michigan topped the Triton women, 7-2 

"I didn ' t know what had hap-
pened uillil I got to the bench ," 
Jeffries said. " I wasj ust thinking 
that there was one second left on 
the shot c lock." 

By Robin Kezlrlan 
Staff Writer 

A It hough recen t s to rm y 
weather affected practice sc hed-
ules for the past week, the rain 

subsided Just long 
enough for th e 
UCSD w()men '~ 
tennb team to battle 
Weste rn Mldll gan 

Unlver~ lty on Mon -
da y arternoon a t 
home. 

The chillin g 
winds which ripped through th e 
Norlhview t e nni ~ c.:ourt s dUfing the 
match proved to be as formidahle 
a force as the Triton 's top-nutch 
Division I opponents . 

And despite the TrilOn~ ' ag-
gressive level of play, We tern 
Michigan matched them in every 
uilpect ol the game. taking the vic -
tory c.:o mtortabl y, 7-2. 

Wes tern Mi chigan lOo k the 
early ad va nluge by ousting UCS D 
In each of the first three douhle~ 
ma tches of the afternoon . 

UCS D's number-one team of 
Miki Kurok awa an d YUIllI 
Takemotu kept up With th c lr 

Mi~ hlgilll counterparts until the 
final games of the pro-set, eve ntu-

ally lOSIng, H-6. 
Meanwhil e, Mi che ll e 

Mal enphanpakul and Susan 
Huberman fo ught th ei r way to a 
ti ebreaker in the number-two posi-
ti on he fore falling in defeat , Yo!!. 
The third team , comprised of Hilary 
Somers and Kaa la Potaschm ck, was 
also defeated by its Michigan foes , 
9-7. 

The Mreng th uf the Western 
Michi gan squ ad and the prevail -
ing Winds made Ihe ea rl y three-
point deficil an impo~si ble margi n 
for the Tritons to overcome. 

Top-sceded Malenphanpakul 
bUllied from the bu~eline in her 
si ngles match, but was unablc to 
co me awa y With the win . 
Malenphanpaku I lost the first ~et , 
6-4, and fought back fro m a 4- 1 
deficit before relinqUi shin g the 
,ct:und, 7-5. 

"Mi chelle had a really , rea lly 
guod matt:h ," Tnton Head Coach 
Lil LaP lant !! said . " I was pleascd 
with the way , he played. " 

Huberman also kepi her match 
light , as she ball led mthe /lumber-
five singles position . Huberman 
utilI/cd ~er tough .,ave ,1Od deep 
tOP-SPI n gruund s troke~ to for'c 
her opponent in to comm itting un-

:t Universily of 6an Die80 
T lin . Experienced Faculty 
"(!J--' · Lecture Courses 

• In-Class Practice Exams 
• You Score in Top 25 % or 

Take Next Course Free 
Test Preparlltion Courses 
Serra Hall 316. Alcala 'Park, 
San Diego. CA 
92110 

forced crrors. 
Her strategy, perhaps adopted 

due tu the windy conditiuns, W1IS 
not entirely successful , as she 
eventually lost the match in the 
third set, 6-3, 6-7, 6-3. 

Lik e wi se, numbe r- two 
Kurokawa and numbe r- four 
Takemotu were defeated, 6-2, 6-0 
and 6-0, 6-1, respectively. UCSD'~ 
onl y Victories were clai mcd by 
third-seeded Somers and sixth-
seeded Potaschni ck, who moved 
up to thi s pos illon due to a foot 
Inj ury to Annie Hoecker. 

Dc~pile co mpeting in unly her 
seco nd match o f the season, 
Potaschnick proved worthy of the 
assignment , taking the easy win, 
6-0.6-2. Somers once again proved 
herse lf to be UCS D's most stead-

"a~t team member. 
Aflcr los ing the first set, 6-3, 

Somers chipped and hu stled pas l 
her opponent . 6-4, In the second . 
Her consistent play ea rned he r the 
rinal set of the mat ch, as well as 
t he victo ry, 7-6. 

" ISomer~1 just kept gelling the 
hall back," LaPlante exp lamed . 
"S he had the deSIre to win, and it 
broke the other gi rl down men-
tally ." 

Faced with the reality that one 
play could snatch the win from 
them, the Tri tonstHdn' t pani c. 

"We were a little worried , but 
cuach stayed calm, so we stayed 
cal m," Jungwirth said. "We knew 
it was their move to make, and 
we were go ing to do cverything 

PADS: New 
Padres are too old 
Continued from page 20 
management ha~ done a dccenlJub 
putting together a .500 club with a 
severely limited revenue base. But it 
can't expect Padres fans to get ex-
cited about Wally Joyner,etai. , when 
the recent past and the present com-
petition olTer ~o much more. 

Even worse, the Padres fan is 
tom between conflicting emotions. 
His in~tincti ve reaction is to root for 
the horne team at all costs. But he 
gets so angry at the off-season moves 
and players traded thut It 's hard to 
accept the l:urrl!nt product. Grdmed, 
It beats what we've haJ to put up 

Econom 

COWRED LENSES 
............... ~ -.-. ......... ·169 
. - .............. 
. __ .c.. •. ~ ..... 
.......... 
....... ..., ... ...., 
.................. ~ ....... 
....... 

Dr. IItwIlle C"', 0.1. 
£'¥tr ... ,,,,. ••• ", ,. .. 

4150 REGENTS PARK ROWSn.I60 
u.IIIM ... -...",., .. ,~ 

o 

"This is a big win rorus ," sa id 
Malone. "After our trip to the 
playoffs last year, it was our goa l 
to get back to the playoffs, and 
we knew we had the team to do 
i I. " 

The UCSD women will travel 
to Minnesota for a second-round 
contest again t top-seeded 5t. 
Thomas. 

wi th the past few years. But that 's a 
small consolation come October, 
when the Dodgers and Bravc~ arc 
bauling it out forlheNational Leaguc 
pennant. and Tony Gw nn is SlUing 
at home with his seventh balting 
tit le, missing post-season play for 
the 12th- ·traight year. 

Still , if someone is a Padres fan 
today, that means he has weathered 
the "fire-sale" and annual last-place 
fini shes. He has braved the catcalls 
and jeers when he proudly wore his 
Luis Sa lazar jersey around town. 
And that is the mark of a true fan; not 
even l:rappy ownership or emhar-
russ ing play can strip him of hi~ 
lovl:. If he made it through the last 
four ycars, he is a true Padres fan . 
And he deserves beUer. 

t • I 

Thursday, February 29, 1996 The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 19 

-Lorna Wins By a Point 
SQUEAKER: Point Lorna capitilized on solid singles play 
from their top players, defeating UCSD by a score of 4-3 

the Tritons split the two 
doubles matches by 
identical scores of 8-4, 
leaving the number-one 
doubles match as the 
decider. 

And the point went 
UCSD's way when the 
Triton team of Eric 
Sleidlmayer and Mike 
Wilson won a hard-
fought pro set, 9-8, over 
the Crusader duo of 
Enrique Mercies and 
Allan Juriina. 

Eye on the ball: Mike Wilson hits a forehand return in his 
Singles match, which he lost to Crusader Ray Stark. 

Going into the 
singles duels, UCSD 
was positioned for a 
victory , but Point Lorna 
proved too tough at 
numbers one through 

By Sean Rahlml 
Associate Sports editor 

After the tirst three matches of its bout with 
Point Lorna on Wednesday afternoon, the 
UCSD men 's tennis team needed only one 

more point tociaim vietoryover 
the Crusaders. The Tritons (2-
2) wereahead3-0inlheirlower-
level matches, but went on to 
drop the next four points in 
what became a dissapointing 
4-3 loss. 

PoinlLoma 

four. Emil Mihet and Rahul Batra handily 
defeated their Lorna rivals, 6-3 , 7-5 and 6-1 , 
6-4, respectively. 

The Crusaders, however, thwarted all Tri -
ton hopes of victory by downing UCSD's top-
four players. Triton number-one singles player 
Dan Brounstein was outlasted by Mathias 
Sundberg, 7-5, 6-4, while Wilson took the 
Crusaders' Ray Stark to three sets, eventually 
losi ng, 3-6, 6-3, 3-6. 

At the number-three slot, Steidlmayer 
battled Point Loma' s Mercies to a tiebreaker 

in the first set but was 
was favored in Holding Court ... 

the top four singles slots, so the Men's Tennis results 
resulting four victories in those vs. Point Lorna (2/28) 
respective matches came as no 

overcome in the second, 
falling quickly, 6-1. 

The final blow to the 
Tritons ' chances eame 
when Jurlina ousted 
Steve Shabel, 6-1, 4-6, 
6-3, at the number-four 
slot. 

surprise. 
"We were never really up 

in the match with an opportu-
nity to close it out," Triton 
Head Coach Brian Turner ex-
plained . "We were always 
kind offighting from behind." 

As expected, the contest 
was tight in almost every 
match. UCSD came away 
with the doubles point after 
winning two OUI of the three 
tandem matches. Lorna and 

Wanta 
killer Job? 

• Ftexible Hours 

1 Brounsteln 
2 Wilson 
3 Steldlmayer 
4Shabel 
5 Mihet 
6 Batra 

1 Wllson-
Steidlmayer 

2 Brounstein -
Batra 

3 Shabel-
Mlhet 

~7,&4 
3-6, 6-3, 3-6 

6-7, Hi 
Hi, 6-4,3-6 

6-2, 7.fJ 
6-0,6-1 

9-8 

4-8 

84 

"The match went 
pretty much as expccted ," 
Turner said. "I thought 
we could take lhe 
doubles; and I was pretty 
sure we could win the 
five and six singles, but 
the 1-2-3-4 [posi tions] 
were going to be tough." 

I eo pard Loss Av.nged 
SWEET REVENGE: UCSD's straight-set victory over La 
Verne was made all the more sweet because it was payback 
By Steve Walsh 
Staff Writer 

Revenge was the order of the day when the 
UCSD men's volleyball team traveled to La 
Verne on Tuesday night. The Tritons were 

looking to avenge their loss to 
the Leopards in the champion-
ship match of the Mizuno Tour-
nament two weeks earlier. 

"Revenge was a big part [of 
the match]," sophomore middle 
blockci Guy Mount said. "We 
wanted to show them that we 
were the stronger team." 

And UCSD did just that. rebounding from 
one of its toughest defeats of the season, a 
heartwrcnching loss allhe hands of Long Beach 
StateonFeb. 21, to trounce La Verne, sweeping 
the Panthers in three sets. 

In their previous matchup with La Verne, 
the Tritonsdid not takeadvantageoftheir front-
line players' height dominanceovertheiroppo-
nent . UCSD Head Coach Doug Dannevik 
made sure the team did not make the same 
mistaketwiee, as the Tritons used an aggressive 
blocking strategy and strong hitting to pound 
the Leopards in three straight games. 

The fired-up Tritons got off to a good start in 
game one, using their powerful hitting to take 
the initial bout, 15-11. The stunned Leopards 
were unable to respond with any sort of attack, 
as they fell again in game two. 

UCSD's inability to put away close games 
failed to rear its ugly head in the final contest, as 
the Tritons put the finishing touches on the 
Leopards in game three, 16-14. 

After struggling early in the season, the 
Tritons have practiced at length to improve 
their blocking scheme, and La Verne got a first -
hand look at just how much the Tritons have 
improVed. The front line of Devon Jeffcoat, 
Tom Black and Mount cxercised its own per-
sonal measure of revenge during the match. 
The thrcecombined torccord 15 ofUCSD's 23 
blocks. Jeffcoat, a freshman, continued to take 
big steps in his game by leading the team with 
seven blocking assists. _ 

"Devon keeps improving," Mount said. 
"He's a tall guy with long arnlS, so it makes it 
difficult to hit over his block." 

Sophomore sctter George You made sure 

Mr. Consistency: UCSD's Tom Black 
led the Tritons to a straight-set victory 
over La Verne with 27 kills . 

.. , 
that the Triton hillers had plenty or kill oppor-
tunities by dishing out all 50 of Ihe team's 
assists. Black made good use of You 's setting, 
as he led the Tritons wilh 27 kills. The Tri tons' 
overall hitting was too much for La Verne \0 
handle, as evidenced by UCSD's improved 
hitting percentage from the previuus match. 

The Tritons will return to battling Division _ 
I opponents on Friday when they face off 
against B YU in Provo, UT. 

WEARE Now 
THOMAS JEFFERSON 

SCHOOL OF LAw 
Western tate University 

College 0/ Law in San Diego 
is pleased to annou."lce, in connection 
with its application/or ABA approval, 
that henceforth it shall be known as 
the Thomas jefferson School 0/ Law. 

• Looks GREAT on a resum~ 4QO MlS5l~ IA1' Plttvl • ~ PIIGO, CALIPOItI'fIA "109 Full-time and Part-time Programs 
Daytime and Evening Classes • 9')'-14% commission 

.", ...... 

ADVERnSING 
SALES REP 

fertile ... ,. • 
CIIAM ........ 7by 

,....." ... 1 

GiJiiaiAJi 
• • J I I I 

275-1132 
10C1 All REPAIRS 10 OFF Nrth Ihl\ COirpon 

How do you volunteer your cats for the benefit of 
scientific research? CLASSIFIED • GuARDIAN ,~I 

Classes begin August 28, 1996 
Call an admissions counselor today -

(619) 297-9700 extension 1200 
2121 San Diego Avenue • San Diego, CA 92110 
Accredited by tbe Western Association 0/ Scbools and Colleges and 
by the Committee of Bar Examiners of tbe State Bar 0/ California 

. .. ..... . "'" ...... ... ..... . ,. ........ . 

-



• 

, -

20 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian "Thursday, February 29, 1996 

, VANITY 
DEREK V AN HOFTEN 

Talking About 
My Padres 

PORT---
II's that time of year again -

time for all us Padres fans to 
dust off our Tony Gwynn hats 
and pull our Dave Winfield 
glove out of the closet. Baseball 

i~ Just around the comer, and no 
time is sweeter for Padres fans 
than spring training. Yes, in 
spring training, the Padre!. are in 
firM pl3£e. They have the same 
record as the Braves, Indians, 
Yankees and Dodgers; they 
haven't suffered any JO-game 
losing streaks; and they haven 't 
been shut-out at home by Pirates 
pitcher Esleban Loaiza, who had 
come into IOwn sporting a 7.65 
ERA. 

While fans of most teams 
spend spring training looking 
forward to the regular season, 
with dream..; of pennants and 
world championships. the Padres 
fan can't be so optimistic. 
Instead of securing top-quality 
free agents during the off-
season, Padres management 
thought they would go for the 
hidden gems. Ron Gant? Not 
good enough. Jack McDowell? 
He didn' t lit In. 0, instead of 
these perennial All Stars and 
post-season MVPs. new gener," 
manager KeVin Tower thought 
he'd win the new town over with 
the key to thl ~ Yl!ar's National 
League crown: Wall y Joyner. 

Did somcone ~ay Wall 
Joyner? Yes, II1deed. But t hI! 
mere " gnlng of Joyner (an old 
playcr who wa~ never very 
good), Rickey Henderson (a 
washed-up showboat) and Bob 
Tewksbury (a weak thrower who 
lost hiS control three years ago) 
was only the first step in 
demoralizing Padre fans hefore 
the se4s0n even began. On lOp of 
that, Towers publicly declared 
that the Padres' long process of 
rebuilding ill over. 

Over? That meanl> this is all 
we get? Towers has tossed in thc 
towel" The Padres can Improve 
no more? This is quite disheart-
ening. especially when one 
compares the Padres' roster 10 
that of the Dodgers and Rockies, 
not to mention the beller teams 
in the rest of the league. 

But it becomes even more 
upsellmg when one looks back 
at what the Padres had just a few 
years ago. A future Hall-of-
Farner in Fred McGriff, a still-
young Gary Sheffield - who 
has yet to reach hiS full potential 
- a much younger. healthier. 
faster and sli mmer Tony Gwynn, 
Benito Santiago (nO[ very good, 
hut a hell of a lot better than 
Brad Ausmus) and so on. 

In other words, Padrc~ 
See PADS, Page 18 

Tritons 
Sagehens 
ONWARD: UCSD advanced to round two with a 
slim, 58-57 victory over Pomona last night 
By Robin Kezlrlan 
Staff Writer 

Bodies nailing, whistles blow-
ing, rebound grabbing - what the 
average observer might define as 
chaos - dominated the UCSD 
women 's basket-
ball team's fir t-
round playoff 
matchup against 
long - time rival 
Pomona Pitzer Col-
lege last night at 
RIMAC Arena . 
Wh e n th e final 
bUlle r sounded , 
howeve r. it all be-
came astOni shing 
clea r: SD had 
emerged VictOri OUS. 

The 58-57 final had made hi s-
tory. Typi cal of UC SD's great vi c-
IO rl e~ and even some of it !. mo';t 
hea rtbreaking defea t ~ thi ~ season, 
40 minut e~ of knock-down defense 
and motIOn offense was dec ided in 
the I lila I \econd , o r the contes t. 

UCSD came out roa ring in the 
fir~ l half. Karli Jungw irth grabbed 
the Jump ball and se nt it out to 
Cindy Ylj masaki who sunk it from 
the high right corner. From that 
point on , Yamasaki was the key 
for the Tritons on hoth l>ides of the 
ball . fini shing with 17 points and 
rour steals. 

"She definitely did it for us," 
teammate Marcia Jeffries said. "She 
provided the leadership and ability 
we needed tonight. She was amaz-
ing." 

Throughout the first half, physi-
cal defense handi-
capped both team's 
regular scorers and 
interrupted set 
plays. Both sides 
were forced to 
scramble for stray 
balls and to power 
inside for off-bal-
anced layups. 

" Pomona wa s 
we ll prepared ," 
UCSD Head Coach 

Judy Malone said . "They have 
great wing athletes. We knew our 
outside shooling would not be ef-
fec tive, so we looked to the po. ts." 

Anne WeMmoreland 's tough 
posl play amounted to nine re-
bounds and helped earn the advan-
tage for the Tritons. UCSD con-
tll1ually traded basket s and turn-
overs with it s Pomona opponents 
in the first half, but took a s lim, 
32-29 leadtothe lockerroOfn. Mo-
mentum favored UCSD at the on-
set of the second half. 

A Ilhough the Sage hens came out 
with the !irst hasket, Yamasaki and 
Sarah Schneider each contributed 

Yakov Zolotorev/Guard,an 

Down and dirty: UCSD's Pam Contini and Tianna Meriage (on 
ground) exemplified the huslte that was on display all night. 

Mark Patterson/ Guardian 

Unguarded emotion: Guards Cindy Yamasaki (right) and Amy 
Franzen embrace after the final horn signaled a victory for UCSD. 

four points to help the Tritons 
outscore their back-peddling oppo-
nents, 8-2, in the first 3: 15 of play. 
Butt wo UCSD turnovers and a steal 
later, Pomona - led by the speed 
and ball-handling of senior guard 
Sakari Morrison - powered back 
into contention. 

senior, Marcia Jeffries, for leader-
ship. Jeffries - characteristically 
- rose to the occ·asion. 

With a lillie more than one minute 
on the clock, Jeffries took the pass 
from Jungwirth and sunk an 18 foot 
jumper, pUlling UCSD up by three. 

"In the first 
half, our de-
fense really 
kept them from 
scoring," 
Jeffries said . 
"We lost that 

Game Summary: 

Tritona 32 26 58 
Sagehens 29 28 57 
ClndJ Yamasaki - 17 points, 4 steals 
Karil Junaworth - 12 points, 8 rebounds 

for a while in 
the second half. They threw us out 
of our tempo." 

Pomona capitalized on UCSD' s 
3:04 coring drought midway 
through the half to cuI the deficit 
to two, 44-42. The Tritons bounced 
back, reclaiming a five-point ll!ad 
wilh six minutes remaining, onl y 
to have Morrison erase it again . 

Possessing a narrow, 50-49 ad-
vantage, UCSD looked to its lone 

Pomona, proving they would 
not be defeated easi Iy, narrowed the 
lead again to one. Jeffries drew the 
foul at the other end. Stepping to the 
line with a mere 52 seconds remain-
ing, Jeffries compo ed herself and 
sunk both free-throws. 

An uni ntentional foul on Jeffries 
behalf, however, resulted in two re-
ciprocal free-throws from Pomona. 

See MOVING ON, Page 18 
________ III:JI.] ... i;l·];i~ _______ _ 

Fenctn,: 
Sat-Sun. , March 2-3, hosting NCAA Western Regionals at 

Main Gym, All Day 
Women'. Tennll: 

Thurs ., Feb. 29, vs . USIU at North Courts , 2 p.m . 
Sat. , March 2, vs . Cal State L.A. , 11 a .m. 

Men'l Tennl.: 
Fri., March 1, vs. Cal State L.A. at North Courts, 2 p.m. 

Wo .... n'. 
Tennll: The 
Tritons faced a 
tough squad 
from Western 
Michigan, 
falling , 7-2 and 
2-2 overall in 
the season. 

Men'. Tennl.: 
UCSD almost 
got a win 
against a tough 
Pt. Lorna squad, 
but came up 
empty, losing 4-
3 and dropping 
to 2-2 overall. 

Men'l 
VolleylNtll:An 
earlier loss to 
La Verne, was 
vindicated by 
the Tritons, as 
they whipped 
the Leopards in 
three games. 


