
Elsewhere 
Pral*ster Confesses 
After32Y..,. 
CHARLOlTESVILLE, Va. 
- Alfred R. Berkeley III , 
now president of the NAS-
DAQ stock exchange, admit-
ted to being part of the most 
infamous prank in the 
Universi ty of Virginia 's hi sto-
ry; the case had remained 
unsolved for 32 years. In 
1965, Berkeley and a group 
of four other ~t udents placed 
a 250-pound black calf on top 
of the Rotunda, which is 50 
feet in the air. The calf died 
shortly after it was removed 
from the roof due to shock, 
dehydration and a sedative 
overdose. While many stu-
dents saw the situation as a 
prank, many others were 
upset about the cow's demise. 

- The Daily Cavalier 

Police Find Missing 
Body Parts 
SYRACUSE, N.Y. -
Syracuse police discovered 
last Tue!.day the body parts of 
April Gregory, a Syracuse 
University sophomore who 
had been missing since May 
1996. Her former boyfriend, 
Terrance Evans, confessed to 
the crime and has since been 
charged with second-degree 
murder. Following his confes-
~i()n, police searched Evans' 
home and found decomposed 
hody parts in the basement, 
hehind walls, in closets and in 
the allic . Burned legs were 
found in the allic. Evans had 
allegedly tried to destroy the 
victim's limbs by burning 
them in his garage, however, 
due to the smoke and stench, 
he had to put the fire out and 
later covered up the odor with 
perfume. The Gregory family 
lives next door to Evans. 

- The Daily Ora/lge 

Students Upset 
Over Use of Mace 
FORT WORTH , Texas -
Texas Christian University 
students, excited by their 
football team 's only victory 
of the year, ran onto the 
field last Thursday and 
began to tear down the goal 
post. Pol ice reported that the 
students grabbed and 
assaulted police offi cers 
who were protecting the end 
zone. I n response, pol ice 
sprayed the students with 
pepper spray. Mel Thomas, 
the assistant athletic direc-
tor, said he saw one officer 
thrown to the ground and 
kicked in the head . 
However, students deny 
these accounts . The only 
injuries reported were due to 
the pepper spray. 

- The Owly Skiff 

Spoken ••• 
"We 're second-class 
citizens treated with 
inequity by a first -class 
institution. We aren 't 
able to realize the full 
range of benefits at 
UCSD." 

- Gerald Lowell 
University Librarian 
~--------------~ OR 

Champions Three Times Over 
Women's soccer returned from Pennsylvania with its 

UC SAN DIEGO 

place firmly etched in the record books as it won its 
third consecutive national championship :w Sports, page 20 
"-1 

, H E u 

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 24,1997 

Border Zone 
Congress' rejection of 
"fast-track" trading 
authority is bad business 

Opinion, page 4 

c 5 D 

VOLUME 92, ISSUE 18 

Regents Approve Domestic Partnership Benefits 

Board Narrowly 
Grants Privileges 
DECISION: Wilson's last-ditch attempt to pack board fails 
to muster enough votes to defeat sweeping measure 
By Erika Snider 
Staff Writer 

LOS ANGELES - Capping 
off a two-day meeting, featuring 
protests and an unusual visit by 
Gov. Pete Wilson, the UC Board 
of Regents voted Friday to 
extend health-care benefits to 
the domestil: partners of gay and 
lesbian university employees. 
According to the proposal's sup-
porters, thi s move will help 
retain employees and keep the 
university competitive. 

The proposal was approved 
13 to 12 with one abstention, 
despite Wilson's effort s to pre-
vent the item from pass ing. 

Wilson appointed three new 
regents on Wednesday and 
Friday, all of whom were 
allowed to immediately become 
voting members of the board. 
All of the new regents voted 
against the proposal. 

The vote came down to Regent 
Velma Montoya, a Wilson 
appointee. She proposed a failed 
amendment to the item which 
would not allow current ret irees to 
receive domestic-partner benefits. 

When the item came to a vote, 
Montoya asked Chairwoman 
Meredith Khachigian to return to 
her after everyone else had voted. 
When it was Montoya's tum to 

Ryan Olson/ Guard,an 
Prot •• t: "Pete Wilson" explains to protesters at 
UCLA Thursday that the regents are his puppets . 

vote, the item stood 13 to 12. Accordi ng to uni-
versity rules, a tie would have defeated the pro-
posal. 

Montoya chose to abstain, saying that 

although she approved of the proposal in 
general, she did not favor granting retirees 
domestic-partner benefits. 

See BENEFITS, Page 8 

Years-Long 
Struggle is 
Almost Over 

It's finally over. After more than a decade of 
struggling for the same baSIC rights accorded to 
heterosexual couples, the domestic partners of 
gay and lesbian UC employees will finally have 
the same health and retirement henefits that 
their married coworkers have long enjoyed. 

Of course, their victory was not an easy one. 
Gov. Pete Wilson has been attempting to derail 
the proposal since September, when he engi-
neered a two-month delay by demanding that 
the entire board vote on the issue instead of 
allowing UC President Richard Atkinson to 

EDITORIAL 

proceed on hi s administrative authority. 
When it appeared that the regents were 

going to reject his overtures, Wilson crammed 
three new regents onto the 26-member board in 
a shameless, last-minute attempt to sway the 
vote. 

Wilson appointed lobbyist Ralph Ochoa to 
the board on Wednesday and announced Friday 
morning that businessman John Hotchkis and 
former schoolteacher Carol Chandler would be 
joining the board as well. 

To nobody 's surprise, all three voted against 
the proposal. 

Wilson 's longtime argument has been that 
granting domestic-partner benefits would 
undermine the institution of marriage. When 
that argument appeared to be losing its sway 
over the board, Wilson tried again: in an appeal 
to the basest motivator of all , the almighty dol-
lar, Wilson warned that the extension of bene-
fit s would lead to multimillion-dollar discrimi-
nation lawsuits by unmarried, heterosexual 
employees. 

Fortunately, a narrow majority of regents 
rejected Wilson 's argument and instead allied 
themselves with his usual yes man, Regent 

See JUSTICE, Page 2 

Winterfest to 
Arrive Jan. 31 

Kennel Tapped as New 510 Director 

By Julia Kull~Mader 
Co-News Editor 

The A.S. programming oflice i\ in the 
midst of planning Winterfest, a free, grand-
scale winter-musical festival headlined by 
the band Big Bad Voodoo Daddy. 

The festival, which ha~ a philanthropic 
theme, wi II take place Jan. 31, 1998, in 
RIMAC Arena. 

According to student Steve Roberts, 
Winterfest coordinator, Winterfest will be 
the first large-scale winh.:r music fes tival 
ever at UCSD. 

See CONCERT, Page 8 

APPOINTMENT: UCLA 
executive vice chancellor is 
scheduled to take office in 1998 
By Mary Higgins 
Senior Staff Writer 

UCLA physicist and executive vice chancel-
lor Charles F. Kennel is scheduled to take the 
helm of UCSD's Scripps Institution of 
Oceanography (S IO) in 1998. 

The UC Board of Regents approved Kennel 's 
appointment last Friday at it~ monthly meeting. 

"I am truly honored to be se lected to serve as 
director of the world's greateM institution of it 
kind:' Kennel said. "My first objective as the new 

dircctor is to continue to do those things that 
[SIOI docs so well." 

Kennel will succced Dircl:tor Edward A. 
Frieman next spring, becoming Scripps' ninth 
director since (he organilation was founded in 
1903. 

"I've been part of the University of California 
all my life," said Kennel , who plans to begin 
working part-time at UCSD in January. 

Kennel 's background is in physical science, 
with a bachelor's degree in astronomy from 
Harvard and a doctorate in astrophysical sciences 
from Princeton. 

'Tve spent a good deal of Ume working on the 
earth science~," Kennel said. "Space obscrva-

See DIRECTOR, Page 3 



2 NEWS 

Radio Free Europe 
President Speaks 
AIRWAVES: Thomas Dine explains radio's role in 
expanding democracy to former Communist nations 
By Kar. C.t. 
Staff Writer 

Thomas Dine, president of 
Radio Free EuropelRadio Liberty 
(RFEIRL), spoke Wednesday at 
UCSD's Graduate School of 
International Relations and Pacific 
Studies about the importance of 
bringing democracy to Central 
Europe and the former Soviet 
Union via radio. 

an open and transparent manner. 
"We report the truth." Dine pro-

nounced. "We emphasize a world 
without ideology and stress the use 
of compromise instead of force 
when it comes to conflict." 

RFEIRL broadcasts local news 
in 23 different languages with 18 
bureaus across II time zones in 
Central Europe and the former 
Soviet Union. It broadcasts 700 

hours a week from 
its operations cen-
ter located in 
Prague. the Czech 
Republic. 

RFEIRL is a pri -
vate, non-profit cor-
poration that 
receives grants from 
the United States to 
broadcast daily 
news and analysis of 
current affairs to a 
region stretching 
from the Baltic Sea 
to the Pacific Ocean. 
RFElRL was nomi-
nated for the Nobel 
Peace Prize in 1991 
by Estonian 

Pre~ident Lcnnart 
Meri . 

"In term. of 
American foreign 
polley, we don't 
.It In the back 

One of the con-
cerns that Dine 
addressed was 
how effective 
RFEfRL was in 
democratizing 
other countries. 

"While moni-
toring independenl 
journalism, we've 
seen improvement 
in the depth of free 
specch," Dine said. "In terms of 

American foreign 
policy, we don't sit 
in the back seal... 
we drive," Dine 
said. "Should we 
export democracy? 
Absolutely, yes." 

• eat ••• we drive. 
Should we One student 
export 
democracy? 
Absolutely, ye •• " 

responded to 
RFEfRL's broad-
casts in Slovakia 
even after the 
Slovakian govern-
ment denied 
renewal of its Prior to hecom-

ing president of 
RFEIRL. Dine wa~ assistant 
administralOr for Europe and the 
New Independent Statcs at the U.S. 
Agency for International 
Development. 

According to ~ine . although 
communism wa~ defeated in 
Ccntral Europe and the former 
Soviet Union. the transition tn 
democracy is not complete. Only 
nine countrie~ are completely 
democratic. he said. 

Dine added that Croatia and 
Bosnia are nor considered democ-
ratic. while "anti-democracy" I ~ 
ri sing in Armenia and Slovakia. 

Dine said RFEIRL promotes 
indt;pendent ll1edi~ by reporting in 

JUSTICE: 
This time, we side 
with Connerly 
Continued from page 1 
Ward Connerly. While anyone that 
read last Thursday's commentary 
by Grace Jang knows, some of us 
are hardly big fans of the man. 

Still, he's not all bad. Instead of 
spouting nonsense about gay rights 
leading to the downfall of Western 

- Thomas Din. 
President 

RFE/RL license to air. 
"I think democratic radio sta-

tions help countries that are in 
~hamhlc~," said Marshall freshman 
Tom Vu. "The only time I disagree 
with broadcasting democracy is 
when a country has decided against 
it. II 's up to them whether or not 
they will be democratic." 

According to vartou~ indepen-
dent media surveys. RFEIR L is the 
lIlost -listened-to foreign radio 
broadcaster in the Eastern 
European region. Although most 
listeners are upper-class decision 
makers, Dine said other journalists 
listen to RFEfRL to find out news-
worthy material before starting 
their daily routine. 

civilization. like his fellow Regent 
Stephen Nakashima did, Connerly 
made an altogether convincing 
argumenl for equalily and fairness. 

Saying he placed just as much 
emphasis on the importance of 
marriage as Wilson. Connerly 
nonetheless argued that committed 
gay and lesbian couples are entitled 
to the same benefits as any other 
couples. 

For once, we find ourselves 
agreeing with him. 

TIle IICSD Gow-. .. po.CIIIlhecI Monel." ...., TIlufScIerI ~ IIIe ~mIc 
,.. '" .......... M_IS .. UCSO. R ... oducI_ .. II1Is _ ~ ." 
fOrm. _ In _ Of In pen. wIt_ ............... " III1c11J PlGM*eG. 
.1111' ........ ' .... ...,. TIle IICSO GuMd .. I. not re_1bIe lor the r"urn 
of ~ "-"PIS or .... The ....... __ hIteIn cia not _SNrIIy 
-"' 1111 ............. ".. IICSD _ ... !he u.--, 01 calofami. Of !he 
_ 51_ • . ".. IICSO -.. II r_ ~ '" _III ... . 
C ..... lo .... LAUIIIn · -~ .• _ ..... .... 

la.Y lAW. CdItor in ChIef 
IONAII .......... CoM~,. CIIIIot 

......... ~Editot 
............... Copy EtIIt« 

...... "lA •• _. eo.HIwII Editor 
.... _. Cot.WI Ctlltor 

.............. "--iIfII"'" CIIIIot 

The UCSD Guardian 'UVIIU4" I~UYC:llloer ,4, IYY I 

ETCETERA ••• 
THE NORM By Michael J antze 

.. NIlS FOI.J(& .. 
COMM 'nl VlStT .. 

~ lWP I\OLIDi'Y 

) 

BRIEFLY ••• 

IB NOT ,., 10M '041". 
~ JUST 1\IAf I!fIHtO TWt 
_0 CIlLO. nit')' etTMH 
t&HOe IotoIY ~. 

Rhodes to Speak at UCSD Ubrary 
Richard Rhodes. a Pulitzer Prize-winning historian, 

will be discussing the humorous. serious, timely and 
sometimes bizarre aspects of technology today at 
4:30 p.m. at the Geisel Library. The event is spon-
sored by the Friends of the UCSD Libraries. 

This lecture is free and open to the public. A new 
library exhibition that illustrates the development of 
U.S. techno-culture will open in conjunction with the 
discussion. 

Rhodes won the Pulitzer Prize in 1986 for his book 
The Making of the Atomic Bomb. This book also won 
the National Book Award. Rhodes is an author of over 
15 titles. 

Rhodes ' latest work, Deadly Feasts: Tracking the 
Secrets of a Terrifying New Plague. follows the threat-
ening emergence of a new group of deadly brain dis-
eases that kill 100 percent of the animals and 
humans they infect. An example of one of these dis· 
eases is the so-called "mad cow" disease. 

'Health and Hunger In the Global 
Village' Discussion to be Held 

The International Affairs Group is presenting a dis· 
cussion about issues concerning poverty and sick· 
ness that the world faces going into the 21st century. 
This event will be held in the Pepper Canyon Lodge at 
8 p.m. tonight. 

The panelists Include Lori Buschbaum of Project 
Concern International, Matt Packard of St. Vincent De 
Paul Village and Elisa Sabatini of World Share. 

This program is sponsored by the Graduate 
Student Association and the Associated Students. 
Refreshments will be served. Students are also invit-

ed to donate canned food . dry goods and clothing to 
St. Vincent De Paul Village. These donations will be 
accepted at the door. 

For more information. call 534-2261. 

Visiting Scholar Lecture Series 
To Present Kosio Mlnchev 

The Center for Research in Computing and the Arts 
(CRCA) is hosting Kosio Minchev. a video-installation 
artist from Bulgaria. The event will take place at the 
Visual Arts Facility. off Russell Drive on Tues .. Nov. 
25. The installation in the gallery can be viewed from 
4 p.m. to 8 p.m. Minchev. will speak at 5 p.m. in the 
Visual Arts Facility Performance Space. 

Minchev's projects and installations portray the 
duality between man as creation and man as creator. 
He resurrects objects which are forgotten witnesses 
to human existence. 

This event is free and open to the public, and a 
reception will be held afterward. 

Theater and Dance Department 
to Present 'Mad Fore.t' 

The Department of Theatre and Dance will present 
the play "Mad Forest" in the Mandell Weiss Forum 
Studio on Sat.. Nov. 29 at 2 p.m. and 8 p.m. and 
Sun .. Nov. 30 at 7 p.m. 

"Mad Forest: by Caryl Churchill and directed by 
Anne Kauffmann. e)(plores the lives of two families in 
post·revolution Romania. 

Tickets are $5 and are available at the door one 
hour before showtime. 

IINIVIM COX. ~1tInS Editor 
JESSICA SCItIPfIMAIIN. Associ •• FufUteS £"'Ior 

1lHAJl1IUJIII. Opi.-. Editor 

_.:IftS: K8II Frtedmen. NIck Runco 
COMPVTIIIIUPPOIIT: _CUI lDbbio 
ADWIItnllilll AIIIS1lUIT: vwne Ale ... 

""YCA .uAca. Auocillle Op/fllon £cJiror 
..... Hill, Sports £ditor 

JONAH NIIIJIION, ~AuocI" Sports £lItIor 
KIVIN MelIllIIIIUN, CcMsloc:i •• Sports E(//for 

ILONA ..... ~HI.III Editor aeon _, Co-HIIIIus EIIIfor 
CLAIIIIIC.....,..., I'l10(0 Editor 
......... CAM.L, GtI/PllkS Editor 
.u _, Desip Edilor 

ClIICUlATICIII AIIIITlIInS: PIIIIIp Goldman. Seon Gro". Todd HOUSlon. "'""'" 
11M .... Gtec LJII1I 
ADVUIlIIIiII iIIPIIDINTAlIYU: Andrew Hon( 

ANN IIAIIIAILD, BUSIness M.,.r 
MIIIIl ....-.-z. AdttertisJrw Art Director 

lOll I'M, AtMrtlsJrw Dni6n .. ~ 
JOlIN _, AdliertJs,rw Des/fn .. utour 

CItlllYL USTO, Au/stanf BuS/nHS Man.r 

News/Features: 534-5226. Generli Edltorili : 5346581 
OpInion/Sports: 5344582. HI..,.: 5344583 
Advefllsq orb: 534-34e4S. fa: 534-76111 

e-metI:~ . .., 
au.dl811 OnlIne: httP:/tw-.IIf{;I4.eOl/e-d8ll/ 

UCSD G ....... , 9100 GI ...... Drtve 0311, 
La JoIIII, CA 92093-0311 

- _ : ......... _. UCID-'-~"-' ·A·.""'. 217 

Monday, November 24, 1997 The UCSD Guardian 

Regents Approves $20.6 
Million Garage for UCSD 
MEmNG: Wilson 
adds three people to 
board at last minute 
By Ryan Olson 
Co-News Editor 

LOS ANGELES - The UC 
Board of Regents addressed several 
issues in addition to the proposal 
for domestic-partner benelits dur-
ing its meeting last week at the 
UCLA campus. 

The approved a $15 .0 million in 
external finance to build UCSO 's 
first parking garage, as well as 
another $5 .6 million to relocate 
existing facililies 10 the Campus 
Services Complex east of Warren 
College. 

The proposed six-level structure 
would accommodate 870 parking 
spaces. UCSO currently has 7,057 
parking spaces. 

The plan calls for the relocation 
of the cenlral garage and the 
Roosevelt College resident dean's 
house. The central garage and the 
resident dean's house will be 
placed closer to the ERC student 
housing area. 

In order to offset the cost of the 

DIRECTOR: 
Kennel will succeed 
Edward Frieman 
Continued from page 1 
tions playa role in understanding 
many of the environmental prob-
lems on the surface of planet 
Earth." 

UCSD Chancellor Robert 
Dynes commenteu in a press 
release on Kennel's significant con-
tributions tu science policy at the 
national level. 

Dyne~ added that he anltcipatcs 
Kenncl wi ll "provide ~ trol1g leader-
ship for ushering IScnpp,1 into the 
nex t century or oceanographic 
rcsearch." 

Kennel and Dynes arc old 
friends. haVing met I 0 years ago on 
the hoard of direclOr~ at UCSB 's 
Instilute for Theoretical Physics. 

"I learned at that lime that Bob 
Dynes is a real sman guy, and 

garage, UCSD parking fees will be 
increased. 

Systemwide. Gov. Pete Wilson 
appointed three people last week to 
fill vacancies on the Board of 
Regents. 

On Wednesday, Wilson 
appoi nted Sacramento lobbyist 
Ralph Ochoa to the board. Ochoa 
has been a senior partner with the 
law firm Ochoa and Sillas since 
1978. Ochoa previously served on 
the board as the president of the 
UC alumni association from 1990-
92. 

On Friday morning. just hours 
before the second day of the meet-
ing began, Wilson appointed Carol 
Chandler and John Hotchkis. 
Chandler has been the co-owner of 
Chandler Farms in central 
California since 1966. Hotchkis is a 
businessman in Los Angeles. 

The new regents were allowed 
to take their place on the board and 
vote immediately, pending the slate 
senate's approval. Ochoa allended 
both days of the meeting, but 
Hotchkis and Chandler auended 
only Ihe Friday session. 

Last week's appointments round 
out the 26-member board. To date, 

Wilson has named nine of the 19 
appoi nted regents 

Seven stat6 officials, including 
Wilson. also serve on the board . 

The board also app6'Oved the 
proposed $9.3 billion 1998-99 bud-
get, which includes allocations for 
the UC digital library, cost-of-Iiv-
ing salary increases and money for 
maintenance that was deferred in 
previous years. 

The proposal calls for a 4.5 per-
cent hike in non-resident tuitions. 
About 5 percent of all UC under-
graduates pay non-resident 
tuitions. 

The budget proposal wili be for-
warded to Wilson's office for inclu-
sion in Wilson's statewide 1998-99 
budgel proposal. 

The regents also discussed a 
report of the California 
Postsecondary Education 
Commission on the number of high 
school seniors Ihat are UC-eligible. 

The report stated that only 11.1 
percent of California high school 
seniors graduating in 1996 were UC 
eligible. According to the California 
Master Plan for Higher Education, 
the top eighth - or 12.5 percen.t -
should be eligible for UC . 

we've been friends ever since," Shores Dr. from the cenlral UCSD 
Kennel said. campus, Scripps envelopes 230 

Scripps scientists are currently acres, with additional facilities at 
working on 300 "It'. really an Point Loma and 
projects involving ut t dl Mount Soledad. 
physical, chemical. 0 • an ng "It's really an 
geological and organization. In outstanding orga-
geophysical stud- nizatl'on In Illy my view, It'. the . . ies of the oceans. view, it's the best 

"As I contelll- best earth earth science orga-
plate embarking on science ni7ation in the 
the challenge 01 world." Kennel 
leading the Scripps organization in said. "It·s just a 
In stituti on of the world. It's wonderful collec-
Oceanography. I tion of people." 
do so with the full just a wonderful Kennel added 
rcali7ation that ih collection of that he plans to 
grca tl1es, li es in work closely with 

People." the intelligence. Scripps staff. fa c-
creativ ity, and ded- - Charles Kennel ulty and student s in 
ication of ih men Director the future. 
and women." SID "You don ' t SHty 
Kennel sa id. "I look forward to number one without seeking new 
working with them in the area of di~coveries, and the point of my job 
global environmental science." is to get people to think ," he said. 

A shorl way down La Jolla "Where will we go next?" 

d FIND e a RoomRllIes e ar 5 A 
SAL 0 N 

1/2 off your 
first haircut 

with the newest 
addition to 
our staff ~ 

(Reg. $25) 
Other discounts available when you 
present your student 10. 
To Khedule 8ft ...... ntlMftt, all: 

457-.2.930 

Tickets 
Clrs 
Bibi 
Dells 

ReDtais 
Stems 

Surfbouds 
A.toRepalr 

SIIra 
JoINt 

c.paten 
_.reiD 
a.. rCw 
upstaIrs In the 
~Center. 

abowe the 
General Store . 

NEWS 3 

San Diego Unitarian Universalist Students invite you .. , 

~ 
UCSD 

Unitarian Universalist 
Student Association 

NEXT MEETING: 
Tuesday, November 25, 1997,7-8:30 p.m. 
UC Student etr, I st Fir North Conf Rm 
(across from Soft Reserves, next to ATMs) 

"Affirming the ;"herellt worth and digllity of all people" 
e-mail: IILILIcamplls@aol.com Pholle: 298-9978 

• ~ugiicr~iSjl 
COSTA 8505 Costa Verde Blvd. • 587-4844 
VERDE ~ 
C ·\RWASII ., 

\}£SO 
Il. J D..ll..I. III I LLu II 

., r::u 

.-. 

,,; ! 1m a: I i : ~ * .. • • • • "'''t j :r--a: 13 

OPEN 7 DAYS • ALL SOFT CLOTH WASH 
SHEll GASOLINE & DIESEL AT COMPETITIVE PRICES 

I I 

1 COSTA & Turtle Wax sJt $J:~ 1 
VERDE ~- I I (\1\ W.\<,tt NOI valid WIth any other o"er SAVE , 

I Expires December 15. 1997 $5.01. I 
~------------------- ____ I 

NOW ENROLLING: SAN DIEGO'S #1 COURSE FOR THE 

Serving the UCSD pre-medical community since 1985 

* M,D.'s TRAINING M.D.'S-OP-THE-FuTURE * 
• INTENSIVE Me A T preparation & medical school appllcallonl 

admis\lons a~,i~tancc are 111/ .. (' dil' 
• MCAT EXPERTS: an IIldependenl program taught hy eSD-tramcd 

academic M . D .'~. lOp M.D.-Ph.D candidates. & Engli~h Department 
Ph.D. faculty . 

• ORIGINATOR. not si mulator. of mtcn,ivc MCAT prep in San Dlcgo. 
• 13 WEEKS (150+ hours) of detailed in-class instrucliun & real MCAT 

tesling. problem solving. reading/wriling workshops. review gruups. 
med school application & admi~slon~ strategies. & tUloring. 

"ZSOO PAGES of original take-home review notes. reading & wrilrng 
study guides. MeAT & admissions siralegy handouts. problem sets. & 
MCAT -quality timed practice exams. 

" REAL MCAT TESTING for in-class & take-home practice. 
" DIRECT CONTAct with young UCSD docs & med ludents. 
• TUTORING, pre-med library & med school application hclp included. 
" ON CAMpuS at the UCSD School of Medicine. 
• $200 LESS than other courses. 



4 OPINION The UCSD Guardian Monday, November 24, 1997 

PINI 
~(lCO 

{'Fast-Track" Trade Authority Will 
Improve American Economy 
By Chris SchreIber 
Senior Staff Writer 

Last week, the people of lhe United Stales suffered a serious setback in 
their pursuit of beller lives for them~elves and lheir families. 

Although many people failed to recognize the importance of what tran-
spired, ignorance and demagoguery - advanced by Big Labor and its will-

"Fast-track" 
authority Is 

necessary for 
oat. countrt .. to 
negotiate with us 

In multilat ... 1 
... ........,.nd 

Congr_ needa to 
grant It to CRnton's 

negotiators.. 
standard. 

ing accomplices from the protectionist wing of lhe 
Democratic Puny - defeated good sense and proper eco-
nomics, as President Clinton failed to win renewal of the 
"fast -track" negotiating authority necessary to successfully 
negotiate free-trade agreements. 

Ironically, Clinton was finally on the right side of an eco-
nomic issue. While he advanced sober, soundly-reasoned 
arguments about the benefits associated with free-trade and 
the necessity of "fasl-lrdck" authority when negotiating on 
multilater,1 trade pacts, Housc Minority Leader Dick 
Gephardt uscd emotional appeals and scary slippery-slope 
sophistry to demagogue the issue and cow Clinton. 

The reason that the Clinton Administration suppons it is 
that he has seen how efrective fasl-lmck and multilateral 
free-trade agreements are in raising the American living 

The expanding economy, which has served to give the President a Tellon 
coating in the scandal area and was widely acknowledged as the decisive fac-
tor in his re-election, has been largely driven by the Nonh American Free 
Trade Agreement (NAFTA) and Geneml Agreement on Tariffs and Trclde 
(GATT) trade agreements. 

Indeed, hy Clinton's estimates, over one-third of the new jobs created 
since the signing of NAFTA - negotiated by the Bush administmtion - are 
due to the liberalized trade policies. In 1996 trade accounted for 30 percent 
oflhe American GDp, as compared to 25 percent in 1992 and just 12 percent 
in 1970. 

Every living ex-president and every living ex-Secretary of State joined the 
Clinton Administration in supporting fast-track, NAFfA and GAlT. The rea-
son all these luminaries suppon free trade is that they understand the basic 
economic reality that under free trade, everybody wins. 

The first thing to realize about trade barriers is that they do not protect 
American jobs. What they do instead is to insulate domestic firms from com-
petition and decrease their incentives to increase efficiency. 

Corporations can preserve their profit margins without making invest-
See LABOR, Page 6 

Policies Such as UFast-Track" Will 
Hurt Free-Trade Relations 
By KrIshneII M ...... 
Contributing Opinion Wiler 

A new issue is rearing its ugly head in our nation 's capitol. The "fast-
track" trade authority, a Clinton-proposed plan to speed foreign-trade agree-
ments through Congress only allows our legislators to accept or deny new 
treaties, rather than modify and amend them. 

Whi Ie it may seem that Clinton is promoting a free-trade agenda by push-
ing for the "fasl-lrack" agreement, in reality "fast-track" will do nothing to 
funher free trJdc . Policies such as this one are only political schemes with no 
substance. 

Clinton is demanding that Congress give him "fast-tmck" authority. This 
authority, claims the president, will facilitale the negotiation of free-trade 
agreements with other countries. The president also says he needs it in order 
to be efrective at the upcoming General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade 
(GAIT) talks facilitated by the World Trade Organization (wrO) in 
Brussels, Belgium. 

The ,Republicans have thrown their support behind Clinton. That may 
seem odd, yet even odder is that the Democmts are split on the issue with the 
majority opposed to their chief. .. Signing Mv ... 1 

Minority Leader Richard Gephardt leads the dissenting 
faction . In fact, the Democrats are so badly divided, they treaties like NAFTA 
have stopped Clinton from accomplishing much in this area. .nd "fast-track" 

This split within the Democratic Party represents the 
importance our government places on the initiative. In real- does not bltng 
ity, "fast-track" is a rather uncomplicated and meaningless .bout global ,.... 
political issue. trade Tn &.--..... 

The timing of Gephardt is impeccable because next year. e ...... 
is an election year for the House of Representatives. b .... can only 
Gephardt is positioning himself for a run at the White House COllIe about when 
in the year 2<XXl. This issue will give him ground against the 
heir-apparent to the Clinton throne, AI Gore. . .. ~ 

Free trade is seen in a negative light by the public, and unl~ ..... 
laking a stand against it will cam Gephardt and his cohorts It 
some major brownie points with the voters. on • 

h seems that "fast-track" is extraordinarily important. Why else would 
our govemment be so concerned with it? The answer is simple: "fast-track" 
is a hollow issue which both sides have figured can result in some serious 
political mileage. 

Thus, we get the current situation of Tarzan-like chest-pounding by pr0-
ponents and opponents alike. Both crave attention for themselves on an issue 

See FAST, Page 6 

Monday, November 24, 1997 The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

FORMER STRIPPER REVEALS INDUSTRY'S DARK SIDE 
Editor: 

After reading your anicle on 
"Jeni," the stripper featured in the 
Mon ., Nov. 10 issue of the 
Guardian. I feel compelled 10 
respond both for the sake of your 
readers, as well as Jeni 's. My hope 
is that, if published, this leller and 
what I have to say will give people 
a beller view of what strippers must 
undergo in daily life and how it can 
be a hell instead of a heaven. 

Being a former male stripper 
and performer, my view on the job 
may differ slightly from Jeni 's, but 
not by much . I was quite surprised 
at the way Jeni presented her case. 
It was as if the life in the stripping 
industry is like heaven itself - the 
pay was good and the job is fun. but 
she failed to point out the ways that 
the job could turn into a living hell 
- as it was for me. 

You can call me by my alias, 
"Ricky." ['m from a small town in 
Los Angeles County just a few 
minutes from Cal Poly Pomona. I 
was a student at a Catholic high 
school - a place where a job like 
mine would not have been con-

Need 
a breatli 

... _,.J.. . 1 
PUtrto Vallarta $299 ; .. j 
Cabo San Lueu $3 ~ 
Cancun $60 '., 

with ~Clrty ~ 
Honolulu $524 ~. 

PRI((S IN(lUD£ AIR , HOtEl, AH D rAANSF£RS. J 
PRIUS A~E SUBJECT TO (HAHGL • ~ 

.. R£STRIClIOOS APPLY. ~ 
,_Travel _ ,., 
~J ~,=~:.!:::"'_I J ~ 1 9500 Gilman Drive . 
t . UCSD Price Center Ste. 76 f. La Jolla 
- .... ~ ~~~9)1!~O: 

She's been 
naughty 
& nice. 

season, 
surprise her 
with a gift 
certificate 
fran Buffalo 

Exchange. 

HILLCREST: 3862 ftIth Ave. 
PACIFIC BEAOi: 1007 G2met Ave. 

http://desert.neIIOOffaJol 

doned. 
I came into the job through my 

cousin who 's worked at the club for a 
few years . J started at the beginning 
of my senior year in high school and 
just recently stopped when I started 
college here at UCSD. 

Jeni's right - the pay is good. 
and if you're the kind of person who 
likes to entenain and has no shame 
whatsoever, the job is definitely fun . 
Yet, when you have some free time 
and just happen to think about your 
life and your future, you'd think 
"Oh shit' Whal's going to happen to 
me?" or "Look at mel I'm nothing 
but scum!" 

Sure, stripping itself is a harm-
less thing if you're aware and are 
completely comfortable with the 
things you do on the job; but you 
have to admit that society has cate-
gorized the job as trashy and low 
- and from my point of view, 
much of that is true. 

I won 't deny that I loved the job, 
but I must say that my hatred for it 
was greater. Every worknight I 
donned a black bow tie, white cuffs 
with a collar and blaek slacks, and 

, ~ ~ ~ "" f, " 

LeUer. t~g EdNar 
The Guardian welcomes letters (rom 
irs readers. All letters must be no 
longer than three pages, typed, dou-
ble-spaced and signed. Letters must 
also contain a phone number. We 
reserve the right to edit for length 
and clarity. Letters may be dropped 
off at the Guardian office on the 
second floor of the Old Student 
Center. Send all letters to: 

The Guardian 
Opinion Editor 

9500 Gilman Dr. 0316 
La )olla, CA 92093-0316 

Fax: (619) 534·7691 
e-mail: guardian@ucsd.edu 

drove to the club in Malibu. There I 
would dance my way through mobs 
of crazy women and men, serving 

Call today to enroll 
in the #1 MeAT course! 

KAPLAN' 
1-800-KAp·TEST 

www.kaplan.com 

drink. . 
Since I was not of Icgal age at 

the time, I stuck to serving the non-
alcoholic beverages. If the cus-
tomer (men or women) had big 
bucks in hand, I would often give 
them a lap dance after ~tripping 
down to basically nothing. 

You 'd be surprised at how many 
men (mostly married) came to the 
club to hit on the dancers and even 
pay some to go with them to a sleazy 
motel after hours. I haven't sold my 
body to men, but I'll be honest with 
you - I have sold myself 10 horny 
women for the night. 

It 's definitely not something I'm 
proud of, but the point is that, 
regardless of what other strippers 
may say in pUblic, prostitution def-
initely does occur and is a facet that 
must be faced and just comes with 
the job territory. 

The sad thing is that all but a few 
of the male danccrs at the club 
(including myself) gave into it and 
crossed the line between dance/enter-
tainment and prostitution. 

Another issue that all dancers 
must face on the job is drugs and 

akohol. In this area. I turned out to 
be onl~ of the lucky ones as I don ·t 
smoke nor drink and managed to 
survive the temptation and pres-
sures of the environment. 

I would agree with Jeni that the 
amount of drugs used by the 
dancers was not more than that of 
the typical college boy since most 
of us were college guys. It wa~ only 
the trashier ones that were usually 
the drug addicts, anyway. 

Finally, I would like 10 respond 
personally to Jeni - I know that 
there are times in life where you 
probably feel that there is no other 
alternative than to scll yourself, and 
I can strongly relate to you . 

As you said, a job on campus 
may not be enough to satisfy a debt 
as opposed to stripping, but I'm 
asking you to reconsider your 
thoughts of going back into the 
industry if not for yourself, then for 
those who love and care for you. If 
you ever need an ear to listen or 
someone who understands to speak 
to, feel free to contact me via the 
editor of the Guardia". Take care. 

superior 
materials 

expert 
teachers 

Ricky 

' r • c;onvenient 
classes 

proven 
results 



6 OPINION 

LABOR: 
Trade agreements will 
promote out economy 
ContI •• ed frOlll ..... 4 
ments in new equipment or stream-
lining their production processes. 
However. such c0l1>Orate security 
blankets do not come for free. The 
cost of this lack of efliciency is borne 
directly by con~umer~. 

Trade barriers amount to an 
implicit sales tax on consumers that 
goes directly into cOl1>Orate coffer~. 
The difference in price between what 
a customer would pay for a product 
with ellicient competition from all 
sources and what he ends up paying 
with tariffs and other re~triction~ i~ 
the level of this ta)(. and it is u~ually 
quite ~uhstantiaJ. 

The higher-price effect is at its 
most pernicious where it affects the 

FAST: 
Treaties hinder free-
trade effecti veness 
ContInued fr_ ..... 4 
that has no importance in an etrort to 

hoo~ltheir popularity. 
American politician~ retain the 

misconceplion that signing trade 
agreements such as the North 

Ameri~an Free Trade Agreement 
(NAfTA) and policies like the "fasl-
track" trade authority means we are 
one- tep closer to free trade through-
outlhe world. Thb simply is not true. 

NAfTA allows for regional free 
trade by casi ng lrade restrictions and 
harriers bet ween members of the 
agrt.'Cmenl. In lhe case of NAFTA. 
lhe participanls are Canada. Me)(ico 

most people. an area that has sub-
stantial impact on the poor - food 
prices. Agricultural subsidies and tar-
ill's keep prices much higher than 
efficient levels. and have a disparate 
impact on the poor because they 
spend a much higher proportion of 
their incomes on food than do those 
with more money. 

Most states. including California. 
have rejeeted explicit food taxes as 
being regressive for just thaI reason. 
but we continue 10 shrug at the 
implicit tax on lOad levied by restric-
live trade policics. 

Gephardt managed 10 demagogue 
free trade by daiming thaI corpora-
tions would move jobs to other coun-
tries 10 take advantage of the "slave 
wages" for which "exploited" for-
eigners will sell their labor to "heart-
less" American corporations. 

Of course. some jobs would move 
oversea.,>. However. other job~ would 

and the United States. 
If a non-member country wants to 

Irade with one of the countries. it 
faces a disadvantage. This is bccau~e 
while Canada. Me)(ico and the 
United States have lowered tari l1"s for 
trade with each other. their tarin's are 

~till high lor all other counlries. 
Agreements like NAFTA pose a 

serious threat to workers. In the short 
teml. many U.S. employees will lose 
their jobs as companies find that they 
can cut costs by moving their pro-
duction to Mexico. 

In addition. Mexican workers do 
not have as many rights as do their 
American counterparts. Workers in 
Me)(ico still l:annot efl'ectively union-
ize. and those that try often pay a 
~vere price. 

II is foolhardy 10 think that the 

Software Engineering Students 

Come Explore 

The UCSD Guardian 

In I_trade 
accounted for 30 
percent of the 
AmerIcan GDP, _ 
compared to 25 
percent In 1992 ..... 
just 12 percent In 
1970. 
be created here. in industrie~ where 
we have a comparative advantage 
over our trading partners. 

Given the advantage of the 
American labor force in skill and 
education level. and our preeminence 
in high-tech and other invention-
intensive fields such as biotechnolo-
gy. we would in effect be trading 
low-skill. low-pay jobs for higher-
ski lied. higher-paying jobs in those 

indu~tries. as well as low-skill jobs 

In reality, "fast-track" 
Is a ratll., 
uncomplicated and 
meanI ....... political 
I ...... 
United States and Mexico can com-
pete fairly with eaeh other. Me)(ico 
has the ability to keep labor coslS for 
companies extremely low. and there 
are a host of American conglomer-
ates who take advantage of this. 

Economists are also concerned 
that NAfTA is leading to "tnlde 
diversion" - the importation of 
goods from a country within a trade 
agreement instead of from a non-
member country. When the United 
States claims thai trade with Me)(ico 

~tosupportthem. 
Not a bad Irade from the 

American perspective. but the bene-
fits do not end there. 

With cheap. high-quality imports . 
competing effectively against domes-
tic products in the free market. con-
umers benefit from both higher 

quality and lower price. which 
amounts to an increase in the stan-
dard of living. 

With negative price pressure on 
goods such as food. the effect is even 
more pronounced. They can buy bet-
ter goods for the same money. or the 
same goods for \ess money. There is 
also a wider variety of goods from 
which they can select. which increas-
es utility by making closer matches 
to exacI customer needs. 

With an eye to consumer benefits 
and job creation in dynamic fields. it 
is easy 10 see the net benefit of losing 
jobs in buggy-whip factories. With 

has increased by so many billions of 
dollars as a result of NAFTA. it for-
gets to menlion thai important fact. 

Politicians claim the inl:rease in 
trade is coming through "new" trade 
but it is coming mostly through trade 
diversion. Trade diversion is costing 
Mexico approximately $3 billion 
each year. 

This happens because NAfTA 
requires Mexico to purchase goods 
from Ihe United States rather than 
from the lowest bidder. NAFTA actu-
ally restricts Mexican tr.Ade. Doesn't 
sound much like free trade. does it? 

Current American policy with 
respect to free trade is flawed. Free 
trade on the global level is inevitable 
and it is the only logical step. 
However. the United States is headed 
in a totally opposite direction. 

Monday. November 24. 1997 

free trade. the standard of living 
increases for ... 11 countries involved. 
and America has a comparative 
advantage in relation to the rest of the 
world in many key areas. 

"Fast-track" authority is neces-
sary for other countries to negotiate 
with us in multilateral agreements. 
and Congress needs to grant it to 
Clinton's negotiators. 

Congress is not being derelict in 
its duties. nor is it doing anything 
unconstitutional. as il still needs 10 
vote to approve the entire bi II -the 
only thing "fast-track" authority pre-
vents is the undoing of good-faith 
negotiations by innumerable adden-
dums from congressmen with indi-
vidual agendas. 

Clinton finally got somelhing 
right. and it would behoove the 
Congress to act in all our best inter-
ests and let Clinton get back to the 
negotiating table. 

Signing several treaties like 
NAFTA and "fast-track" does not 
bring about global free trade. True 
free trade can only come about when 
all countries uni latemlly agree on it. 

The fuss over "fast-track" in 
Washington is just another example 
of what will happen when we leave 
such a complex issue as free trade in 
the hands of politicians who seldom 
make decisions without looking at 
the latest polls and worrying about 
re-election. Political motives and 
agendas can confuse issues, often 
creating mountains out of mole hills. 

Policies such a~ "fast-track" are 
totally irrelevant to the free-trade 
debate. Whal Clinton is asking for in 
"fast-track" is a faster car. but he does 
not care or even notiee that he is dri-
ving in the wrong direction. 

Possibilities 
at Applied Materials on Campus. 

Applied M.t ........ the leading manufacturer of wafer processing equipment. will 

be on campus discussing opportunities in our Software Graduate Training 

Program. As a Software Graduate Trainee. you will spend your first six mo'nths 

learning and gaining on-the-job experience while receiving classroom training 

focused on your personal and technical development. In addition. you will get a 

chance to nesign and develop software improvements with a development team. as 

well as perform field assignments to gain perspective on customer Issues and 

product performance . Upon completion of the program. you will transition to a 

Software Engineering role within one of our Business Groups. If you have interest 

in this excellent opportunity. please join us for our information session: 

THE I N FOR MAT ION AGE S TAR T SHE RE'" 

Date: Monday. November 24. 1997 

Time: 7 p.m . to 9 p.m . 

Location: UCSD Campus at 

Santa Barbaral 

Los Angeles room 

We will be scheduling 
Interviews for Tue"ay, 

November 21, 1997. 

~ \1'1'111 I) \1 \111(1 \1' 

• NewI Sony eMIl ••• Miaopot_1e 
• High-capadfy Niclcel mefallallwy 

• Home/OIIke Charging Unit 
• AuIomobiIe Adaptor 

• I.6ollaw Carrying Case 
• MoIoroIa Pronto Pager-
• 1000 Minufes Every Monlfllor iust $ J 2--
• Free Call· Wailing 
• Free Call Forwarding 
• Free 3-way Calling 

L fie' hll'''· 
• 

I yOU.· Ihey 
U I thiS p,lce, clioligi 

. A I. •• ,oUIl 
",011'1 .. 

AUTHOR 
WIRELESS 

ZED 
AGE N T 

If the pr!ce gels reduced on 
anything )'011 purcoo. from In£oPlonet 
wiIIIin 30 days of purchase, You 

receive 105% cJ #he dilfwence 

y .................. . 

-F~-II._. 
'J"","",, __ arwJ$IO_looroquirod,,_ho_ 

··'OOO __ ~~""..-..J""'Q"'",**-,"2"''''''"''', '''''''' 
. and...,"""" chort/oo noIlrw:Jo!Jod. 5omo _ .... CDI_ Q ...... 

___ """'" 1~1'rioo_"..",.... Soo_Q_ 
__ botod ... ~'1.r_--' -"""'IIoM;- ..... _ 
""_,,.,... _1JIId.200loplo._---.-... 
~ ...... -_ "',.".. -""", ""Y .... otMI",.,..,. __ ..,pIy 

8935 Towne Centre Drive ~~ Mon-f" IO-R 888.INFOPLANET toll fret' 
5 D· CA 92' 22 Saturday 10-6 -an .ego, Sunday 1 :!-5 WWW.infoplanetJ .(On1 

.. 



8 NEWS 

CONCERT: 
Big Bad Voodoo 
Daddy will headline 
ContIIIued froM paC. 1 

A.S. President Sou ley Diallo 
said one of the goals of the 1997-98 
A.S. Council is to have more large-
scale concerts like the annual Sun 
God Festival. 

"We felt that the most productive 
programming events were the large 
ones," Diallo said. "Students obvious-
ly enjoy the Sun God festival. It's one 
of the hallmark events at UCSD." 

Roberts also said the festival tits 
with the goals of this year's 
Associated Students council, which 
allocated S30,OOO for the event. 

"The Campus Quality of Lifc 
Survey pointed toward a general 
dissatisfaction with events on cam-
pus," Roberts said. 'The A.S. is 
moving towards bigger and beller 
programming." 

Roberts said student organiza-
tions will set up booths at the festival 
and partake in a food and clothing 
drive for St. Vincent De Paul Village, 
a local charitable organization. 

The groups will begin collecting 
food and clothing on their own 
before the festival. 

The organization that gathers 
the most food and clothing will be 
awarded various prizes, including 
$100 cash, a dinner party and a free 
Sun God booth. 

Roberts said individual students 
will also be encouraged to bring in 
food and clothing to be eligible to 
win various prizes. 

Roberts added that the clothing 
and food drive helps to make the 
event more of a festival and less of 
a concert. 

BENEFITS: 
Struggle fought over 
previous 16 years 
ContInued frOM .... 1 

'The proposal is supposed to 
strengthen the university'S ability 
to recruit faculty," Montoya said 
on Saturday. "But if the benefits 
go to retirees, I see no logic. We 
don't want to recruit retirees." 

According to the proposal, 
drafted by UC President Richard 
Atkinson, the estimated cost of 
providing health benefits to 
employees' same-sex domestic 
partners would be between $1.9 
million and $5.6 million. 

In order to qualify for benefits, 
a couple must each he at least 18 
years of age, have lived together 
for at least 12 months, show mutu-
al financial support and sign a con-
tract stating that these conditions 
have been met. 

Wilson made a rare appearance 
at the meeting last wcck in order to 
express his disapproval with the 
domestic-partner proposal, and to 
encourage the board to vote 
against it. 

In a Nov. 18 letter to Atkinson, 
Wilson stated that he felt the 
approval of this proposal would 
undermine the status of marriage, 
and that this result was of greater 
consequence than providing 
domestic-partner benefits. 

"The state does have a respon-
sibility to adopt and follow poli-
cies that recognize and value the 
special status of marriage," Wilson 
wrote. 'That responsibility in my 
judgment heavily outweighs the 
argument offered in support of 
creating this new benefit for 

overseas 

The UCSD Guardian 

unmarried partners of staff and 
faculty." 

Wilson also said in the leller 
that the approval of domestic-part-
ner benefits for only homosexual 
employees would open the univer-
sity to lawsuits from heterosexual 
employees who would be ineligi-
ble to receive such benefits. 

According to Wilson, by grant-
ing benefits to same-sex couples, 
the university would be legally 
obligated to grant the same bene-
fits to unmarried heterosexual cou-
ples - a move he believes would 
further devalue the status of mar-
riage. 

During the meeting, Wilson 
reiterated the points he made in his 
leller to Atkjnson. Wilson also said 
that "in the worst case scenario," if 
an employee's domestic partner 
does not have health insurance, 
they could be eligible for Medi-
Cal, the state's healthcare program 
for the poor. 

Regent Tom Sayles argued 
that the domestic-partner propos-
al was discriminatory against het-
erosexual couples, and that it was 
"like having a statute that pro-
tects black people but ignores 
Latinos." 

Other members of the board 
expressed their support for the 
proposal. Regent Ward Connerly 
responded to Wilson's remarks 
that the proposal would devalue 
marriage. 

"I respect the institution of 
marriage, after 34 years of it," 
Connerly said. "But there are val-
ues that transcend marriage: the 
value of equality, the value of indi-
vidual liberty and the value of let-
ting people pursue happiness on 
their own terms." 

Automotive Repair. 
SERV/IIS ueSD FDR 16 YEARS! Just 12 """'from UCSD 011 Miramar Rd 
Excellent references from satisfied customers! 
NISS~N • TOYOTA' AClJflA • MAIDA' fHurWAI • ItONOA • MITSUBISHI • ISUIU • OAIHATSU 

r.-----~f'i-----Minor Tune Up' ~ Bra~e Job I Special • I SpeCial R.g. s~o 
lOur tune up inciuMs. lot roo" I Front or resr. Brske lob int:/u,rlffJI: 

Ih.n olllers. n includes: R~ 555 I 1. InSlallsp9C1a1 new pam or InSlall-. newake I 11 Spark ptugs 8 Ched( ctulch I shoes • 
2 Olslribu1or POlniS 9 Chect< hghls 12 Oraln old brake lIuld I I 3 Condensors 10 Checlc undercarllage I 3 Inspecl complele I¥drauhc syslem : • , , 
4 Adlusillmlng lor damage 14 Relill hydraulIC fluId , I 5 Checlc and replenrsh 11 Ched( coolIng syslem I 5 Bleed enille brake system 

Monday, November 24,1997 

U . Gov. Gray Davis also men- failed to pass the proposal, they 
tioned that by approving the mea- would be more inclined to accept 
sure, the university would remain offers from other universities that 
competitive with private universi- did offer domestic-partner bene-
ties that offer such benefits pack- fits. 
ages. Suanne Daves, the director of 

''The regents have a fiduciary anesthesiology training at UC 
obligation to keep this university Irvine, said that when the 
competitive," Davis said. "We've University of Chicago began 
heard today that at least some recruiting her, "the one factor that 
people are going to take a job tipped the balance toward accept-
e I sew her e "We're second- ing the po~ition." 
because they was that umversl-
don't like the cl_ citizens ty's domestic-
environment, they treated wHh partner benefits 
don ' t like the lack package. 
of benefits that Inequity by a 'The University 
are accorded to flrst-cla.. of Chicago 
people who hap- acknowledges my 
pened to be mar- Institution. We relationship and 
ried." aren't able to offers an environ-

Prior to fu ment and climate 
approval by full realize the II that is lacking 
the board, the range of here," Daves said. 
item was dis- benefits at 'The affirmation 
cussed Thursday for my life choices 
by the Regents' UCSD." diminishes the pain 
Committee on - Oer.ld Lowell of homophobia that 
Finance. As part University Librarian I have experienced 
of the discussion, from years of living 
a one-hour public-input session in an intolerant society." 
was held. Several UCSD employees also 

Twenty-five members of the voiced their concerns, University 
public came forth to speak on the Librarian Gerald Lowell. Both 
issue, including gay and lesbian Lowell and his partner are universi-
university employees as well as ty employees, and he mentioned 
student protesters from the UC the concern they both have over the 
Berkeley-based Coalition to lack of domestic-partner benefits. 
Defend Affirmative Action by "We're second-class citizens 
Any Means Necessary and the treated with inequity by a first-
University of California Student class institution," Lowell said. 
Association. The groups led a "We aren't able to realize the full 
demonstration outside of the range of benefits at UCSD. 
meeting prior to the public-input "The extension of domestic 
session. . partner benefits is important to me 

Many of the gay and lesbian as I weigh whether or not to stay 
employees said that if the board here," he added. 

ttention WORK/STUDY students: alilluid and oil levels & hoses 6 Adjusl IrOn! (II drums! and rear shoes I I 6 Adjusl dwell angle 12. Road lest 11 7. Replace Irol1l rolor seals III rOlor. lurn! 7 Checlc blakes .J I B. Road lesl .J L________ ~ _______ _ 
r35~~ni Maj~r - - t!:t!P ril OU Chang8l1 I Service SpeCial --~ Special I EIrtn tor fuel ~red. Our m.p, run..up Includ •• : "-9. II I 
I I ~""'I.SI 1~~_.ngIe 2' CltedIInits II I 2 Villi ~ 13. ~ CIlIMMOI 2S CltedI c~ AIpIIcr. 14. ~ • " uti r ... mol". 26 CltedI ~. I 3V"'c...,gasiIt('_!IS. ~'*"'9boo 27.Checl.lIIidIttoma9'krrdl .. 11 I 

• 59atk 1lIu9o. 16. ~ cUcII 28. CltedIItid rechMge bIC1ents 
I s i)S1IilIOIpoIIIIS. 17.~_ 29·_·-tl -1 II 2O-polnt I 6 CondoIlSOlS rllllllliclllle~ 18. A4utt tmttgIOC'/ brllie 30. CltedI'It pres .... 
I 7 ArIoll. I!. " . a..:tIIIId~1JIIIOIed1lol1 31. Lulle doOtllrt'JO. II Safety I 8 0tI1tII!. 2O.l.IAII ..... end 32 CltedI II holders 
I 9 Gas.I.'" 21.0ItcIrlrllllt."IIIIIU<f&aoIlMIs 33.CltedIcrdngsystemShooeJ II Check I 10.oi 22.a..:tI_I.I.. :M.CltedI_system 

11 ~"""V 23.a..:tIlarkxiMllldloolbob 35.RoodIesl .J L with oil change .J L~~"".J:Y'="~'=~..&"L _ _ _ - - - -
~------~r.-----Jg I CompleteClutch Job • I Timing Belt· • • -~: 1 . T_ission~.".ft.eaI Special • 
I 2. Pressure pta... 5. Ptlol aeanng I I • 3. Clulch 0.... 6. New 1ransmisston oil ~ - - - - - - - -I 4 . TMlwout be8'tng 7 . Road 1es1 I We do extetUled warra-hJ _:~"", .. "'_NoIIot4WD.F_ '-J L -_-: ______ .J 15, 3~ 45, 60, 75, & 90K service 
'MOlt eln. With IhlS .d. Elpore. 12/8/97 . c.1I 1o, apPOIntment. 
Brand new parts. Ask about our lpeclals on engines. 
All our work ha. a 2-year or 20,00G-m1Je limited warranty. 

All pri_I"" .... port ..... 1..... UCSD t dents* 15% Off LABOR tor s u ___ ._oo 
8008-8 Miramar Road, Call 695·1990 

Towing Ind renwl CIIr available. Monct.y-Frlct.y, 7:30 .111-6 pm. Open Saturday 

NEW POSITIONS AVAILABLE 
Work with children, 

Gain upper division credit, 
and earn $8.17 an hour 

through the 
MERICA READS PROGRA 

CONTACT CAREN HOLTZMAN 
at the Teacher Education Program 

for more information 

534-1685 

Monday, November 24, 1997 

The 
Editor's 
Soapbox 
Megan Klein 
Opinion Editor 
Pig Out - It's What 
Holidays Are About 

It is official. We are now at that 
holiday time of the year when the 
world focus on one thing: Food. 

Sure, you may say that 
Thanksgiving time should be 
focused on being thankful for all of 
your blessings. Most people are 
convinced that Christmas is a time 
when the world stops being selfish 
for one day and people proclaim 
peace on Earth (because if enough 
people send "Peace on Earth" 
Christmas cards, some thing is 
bound to happen). 

However, while we may have 
these fancy ideas or family and 
friends and good tidings of com-
fort and joy concoc ted in our 
minds, the one thing that people 
worry about and plan weeks in 
advance for is all the food associ-
ated with the holidays. 
Thanksgiving and Christmas are 
merely last-minute excuses for 
peoplc to pig out as much as they 
can before the year ends - not as 
if there is anything wrong with 
this. For me, there is no better way 
to ce lebrate the real mea ning of the 
Yuletide season than to pig out on 
gravy-smothered turkey slices, hot, 
buttered mashed pOlatoe" and 
steaming herb stuffing whi le sip· 
ping a glass of spark ling 
Martinelli '5, or to lick the cool 
sweetness of a candy cane while 
wailing for the glisten ing, clove-
ridd led Christmas hum to b.: 
removed from the hot oven. 

Food is the best lhing that ever 
happened to the holidays. 

Thanksgiving isn ' t a weekend 
of family togetherness. It isn't 
even a day. Thanksgiving is a 
meal. There is nothing more to 
Thanksgiving than sitting down to 
a food-laden table for a three 
hours. 

There isn't Thanksgiving eve, 
no one gets up early to celebrate on 
Thanksgiving morning, and every-
one goes to bed before eight on 
Thanksgiving because they can't 
help falling asleep after eating so 
much food. Thanksgiving is dinner. 

Why . is Thanksgiving week the 
busiest travel time of the year'! 
Because it is the biggest meal you 
will eat in a year, and I guess you 
might tike to visit the folks, too. 
Hey, they're the ones with the 
food . 

If you are really smart, you will 
attend as many Thanksgiving din-
ners as possible. Have 
Thanksgiving with friends on the 
weekend before, celebrate on 
Thursday with your own family. 
then have it with the other side of 
the family on Friday. The more 
turkey you eat, the greater your 
holiday cheer. How can you be 
anything but happy if you shake 
when you laugh like a bowl full of 
jelly'! 

The Christmas-food ~I;!a~on 
lasts longer that ThanksgiVing. The 
world gets an entire month to go to 
dinner parties and bake spark ling 
sugar cookies and drink foamy 
eggnog. 

See SOAPBOX I Page 12 

The UCSD Guardian FEATURES 9 

• I 
UCSD Guardian Features 

Brendan CahIll and Joe AngiulolGuardlan 

UCSD'S OFFICE FOR STUDENTS WITH 
DISABILITIES HOPES FOR IUNIVERSAL ACCES·S' 
The 1990 Americans with Disabilities Act 

(ADA) ushered in a new em of civi l rights, 
guaranteeing protection from discrimination 
to the more than 43 million Americans with 
disabi lities. 

with the disability, said OSD Director Roberta newly available campus discretionary funds 
Gimblett. allowed the office to purchase two new elec-

Today, OSD serves between 400 and 500 tric carts in fall 1996, transportation for both 
students with a variety of visible and non-vis· temporarily and permanently disabled stu-
ible disabilities. The ollice's services include dents is still inadequate. 

Employers could no longer refuse to hire American Sign Language interpretation, Niman is also manager of the UCSD 
someone with a disability, and they were note-taking, lab/library assistance, special Employcc Rehabilitation Program, which 
required to make whatever reasonable accom· exam accommodations, tutorial referrals, assists faculty and staff members with disabil-
modations were necessary to accommodate counseling, peer mentoring and general assis- ities with worker's compensation case man-
their disabled employees. tance with the UCSD bureaucracy. agement, ergonomic analyses and individual 

Congress further extended protection Barry Niman, chair of UCSD's ADA ADA compliance issues. 
against discrimination to all aspects of -P-A-R .... T ......... O-N---E-O-F-A ....... T-W-O--P-A-R-T-S-T-O---R-Y- Niman requested that students, 
state and local government operations, faculty and staff members bring any 
public spaces and commercial facilities , tmns- Advisory Committee, oversees ADA compli- access issues they may have to his attention. 
portation and telecommunications. aoce on campus. " If you see a problem, let me know about 

On campils, the Office for Students with . The ADA committee has focused in recent it - don't assume somebody else has 
Disabilities (OSD) provides a variety of ser- years on trying to ensure accessible routes, already," he said. ''I'm interested in finding 
vices intended to help disabled students inte- with available public restrooms, betwccn the out about these things so they can be correct-
grate into the mainstream campus community. major classroom buildings. ed, but people need to let me know." 

OSD began in the 1970s as what was then However. Niman noted that accessibility Niman can be reached by phone at 534-
called Disabled Student Service~. At that upgrades must compete with every other 6743, or bye-mail to nimallb@ucsd.edu. He 
time, the office primarily :.erved students with campus project for money. said that while UCSD is in technical compli-
physical disabilities - blind amllor deaf Mu- "Historically, there hU1>n't been adequate ance with the ADA, there i" still plenty of 
dents went to ~pecial schools, and leaming funding to make all the changes we'd like to. room for improvement. 
disabilities were not generally recognized. so the committee made a list of priorities." he "We're not at the point where everything 

The genesis of the Disabled Student said. has universal access," Niman Said, adding 
Services of lice was Section 504 of the Thl~ year. Niman ~aid the commi ttee will that in~titullons such as the univcr~ity hould 
Rehabilitation Act of 1973. which mandated address the is~ue of limited resourees avail- be willing to adapt to individual circum-
equal access to educational opportunities lar ahle lar the tramportatlon or students with \t,mcc~ . 
people with disabilities. disabilities. At the end of the 1995-96 year, '111ere's an agreement that there neeru. to 

The Rehabilitation Act marked a ~hili OSD was lorced to cut tis lramponatlOn pro- be access," he said. "There's a difference over 
away from the disability Itself to the per.on gram bccau~e of funding woc~. Although what that means." 

STORY BY TERRY LEW, SENIOR STAFF WRITER 



10 

FineArt& 
OngoIng 

• GIry II1II: Till SIIipI, an lnIerIdM PfOIICIM VIdIo IIIIIaIiatIon COIII!..-d b 'IloaInwf IX of 1182 
'WIll be on _ Se!JI. 2611voogti Dec 1311 lilt lJIweIIIIy All GIIIry. C11534-0419 b more notftIIIIOI\ 

Acadenrlc 
Service .. 

OfteDIIIt 
• AcIdIInIc inIIrnIhIp PIopII. ~ !Of lOCal WIllIe! a/1d 0Il-d·1(IIMI 59t1llg IIIWnshIps WIll be 
accepted Monday Oct. 6 ttv~ FfIIay, New 21 S1udents IIIIS1 hM ~ed 90 I111III, 2IP!W\SIOf' 
COUI5eS and nave a 1M 2 5 G~. LII Bldg Am 3255 M, 1 Th. F 8 30·12 311 a/1d 1 00.. 00, Wed 8:J(, 
1 00 cal 53+(l5SIof lib 
• Study Abroad' TrMI Abroad' WOIk Abroadl Wan110 fn! 001 How? Come to the Prcqaml Abload OItce ,. 
lhe In!.maOOnal Cen1e! where we otter ongoing 1CIv'11ng OC call SJ4-112310 malte an 1IIIJOIn1mef11 

Health & Fi~ne.& 
Ongoing 

• VIIIuIIIIn ANIItICIId! Nt you 01 AsIan a I'IaIIc IsIIndeI dnotrII'l Ne you """II ChtneIe, V., 
__ Of TIgIIog? lit you rIetIIIed '" !he heIIII1 ~7 TIll UCSO c.ar CenIer ow-n 
~Im 16 II ..a. of IIIeIgI1IC II1CMlIIIS I1hl can oIW Ihetr tmlli'/ P' outll1lD !he ~IC 
Is1andIr COIIIIIUIIIH and IIlIcatJng _ 1bOUI!he IIIlfIOIIMCe ot 1liiy brtlllCIIICef de1aon FOI 
mae lf1Io CotUcI Dr GeoIVII RobInI SIdle! 11 534-7611 
• H yotire pinIIng 101891 ravel, IIIIU IIIIIIPDln ...... ..., ourT_Clinic. \W ... n:Iudn lf1Io 01 
helllh precaulJonS CUl10rNzed 10 -;our lWrIIy Stale Dep1 AdvIone$, and oI1er IrMI ~ _1IIou1d 
be millie _I mon1h$ pnor 10 iIepaI1IIe There. a nomN lee 101 'IISI1 and ~ Cal534-8089 
10111'1'1. 
• The .... ClInIc. SIudtnI HItIII1. ottenna Innuai exams, ~p 1ei1s, STO 1es1S, pr~1IICY IH1S 
bJlh con1IOI pr~lOnI, anti heaI1I1 ed Call S34·Aoe91of awl 
• A .., IIIIpZint desIgIed, deveklped and wn\Ien by 51uden151 Ge111M1iYed, Gel jXbIItI1ed' At1IcIes 
ber1g ICCeflIed M1II. Cal Anna al 53+1824 tor _1110 
• Red CIOu~ I1SIrUC.1OIS w. be INd1IIg CPA II1II FirII AMI TrIInIngI1 StIdInI.... ColI IS 
$10 pi! claS5 + SID tor relerenc:e book 01 S2S b alii "'" ~ 11 SHS Hell! Ed. 2Jtd IIoor ,1IIIIIIg m· 
odober 
• Studen1 HeIfth • a I\keIYIce I/IIIIUIIQy en dnc lIP'" ID II ~ .... TIll ...... CIre 
CINe IS" on.'" II bills 8Im-4 ~ (WIIH:3IpItj.,.,.Iar;"'" --~ 
dincI CIII be IIIIde by '*' SJ4.QI 
.......... AMc* JIfC¥tde tree ow.n ....... 011"""""" s.-. SIIuaI Hellth 
HtV, fd a1her 1OprCI. Call 53+24191ar _1'IiD 
'UFERS- Be pIIIIIrtd! GIl "" .... A .......... 2 ...... 11*1·160 
lICIt ... pro1IcI)'OII. Wall II 10 1ht ,.,. .. Cline ......... "11-."'" .. 11_ 
• """"-HIV .... Alden! HtIIII, WIllI II ID. lIP ...... E& __ 111lII0I. HM 
",,*",1 CIIt 53+3174. 
• Au .......... Dm, gil down ..., 1ht..,1 NoIPI*-IIIIIIId.WllllII •• l1a 1-3 __ 1Ild 

1·3.~ WId. SIng Or:l7. 
,,,. __ , RIcrIIIDn 1nrIIIInI--c..-.-.cI. o..w ......... ~ 
....... 11 ,., -1fIIIIIIIIIIIIC IIIIIIIIIIIIII. lie. Fee: ...... 117:111:8) _nI we· 
_CllllIIOIdIr, Rr lI .............. Iar ..... inJInIIIIiaII, ... CII~ Onpg 
IIIIiI 1ht II1II of 1ht ,.. . 
........ rr-. WI;rI Room. RIcrIIIDn InIMurII *III: c..-__ fte;gnaI. $371 
Nu, ......... IIaIIIar,S27Aw.FarIlllDnnllillnCll53447 ......... CII .. "'r 
.". ..... ' IIM:. 1/2 holt' nI UI holt' fIIIIIIIII ...... will .... mrIiId.uge 

~,an.. AoInn.fte,GII*Il S3311211, $4IUlN.; UCSO .... $25112 hr, $33U1tr , 
rec CIIII hofdIII. S25 II2N, 135 -. iI. Far ...,.. ...... lIIIianII ..... hon, please cal 534· 
4037. 0ngaiIg.-y T.-11111 ThII*t ..... d .... 01 
.. ,.., 
................. AI I IDIoton.IWId.8-9pmallhe 
w....1Ioom in RIIW:. A &UI&tC IltYiClIIJOHIOIICIIi'/ S1uden1 
.... MIoeIIII. No AI!Pl NIedIdI ~7 Call 534·2419 
..... a..." ...... ~ IannId Ii'/ 111ft, 
.... 01 UC8D ...... I.n.uyGhlldl, _lIJailt 
Sham Dr.1AaoII1IorrI Pdc HIll T.f noon. OPENTO All. 
.................. TIIIUCSO CIrnaITn-
.... ilaIIIIiIV .... lIIII .. - of 10 a· 
,.,..... ....... " ... whoqullily tar 
1IIIIIdI .... " IWIIIIId pUt CIII· 
~. 

Club. 
&lVIeet-

in •• 
IIOIIdIr Nov, 24 

• UIIIIn ................. CUI FICUIy S1udIn1 Moxet " 
Pnce CeInr Caoe Come rHIII fW1y II an tnIonneIltftII9 !rom 
8-8pm FREE D,u,. wII be MMdfIl 
• Jam 1-CIIb • wtlH1rOcb:e tnrIl1udIn1s 10 ThriIgMng PfeIse 
bmg.1rIdIIIOnII ciIII or 53 (10 CMlcM, 10 IIIe Int'I cenIeI klIII1ge' 

........,,..,.2f 
• AIInIIIy Inn 0 UCSD wlllOQf\ be IIOIcMa 10 ·1.1 NIIt11 Ou\." 11'5 I 

~1 0WQrtun1ly 10 gel 10 kM1llIllt people of ills Global Fiuman Rights 
Organza1lOll. Come 10 oor week/f meemg 10 fillet out mae! Warnen's 
Cen1er 111 8:30 
0np1g 
• FIIEf AACItEIIY!! Come JOII1l11e UCSD ArdIeIy Telm-We provrde 
IIlIIrUChOn -V Satuiday behn! lhan10n HospUI No expenence 0< 
~ nec:essaf'j Foc more N110 ,·rna. ArdIeIyOUCSCI eGI 
·GrIIIuIItGlr II1II .............. ar...meelllEh TMdayMllllg 
from 6 30-8 In lhe Sou1h Con1efence Room II Sluden1 Cenler B on 
....... lIne. Call 534·37551of mOlt II1IoIma1Ion 
• Ccrne nI gIIl1I'OtM LllllllnGir 1IIInIIII ........ p.GIAI .... 

Th:l8 ia.ue'. ~key 
t.by_.anKlem 

The UCSD Guardian 

inII .. ..y...,II~ .. II .. ~ 
LICln Noles) on .. ,.., IIoor of fie SUIerr CenIIr. 
fill NIdI." .. 1IIIcome. 534-GAYS 
· ~~IDt""'_'·PlPIIIIIII_TllllrMlr--'_Ic. 
1111 SautI AIm II SWantCenllr B on ...... L ... C11534-31SSb 
more 1lIiImIIIon. 
• UCIO IIIIInct n.-1Eh Monda¥, s-fpn II fie ...". CenIIr Contna 
Roam. MItn V'U ..... nllIIIirI proIauIcNI COIfIdIIIvoogti COIIVIIIIItt' In-
Nrnaicnl_ prOfICII, IIIIIImg propN,lIOIIIIIap&nldIb ~ ... 
m.,cxn.cte. ..... ~Of467 ... ,.Jilcb:13.ucsdfllill-l11lld 
·1nIIIIItId III _ID .. -. .... nI ..... 7 WnYOU I KiIW 
I<Iy Wbr7 .iII1 CIIdI".' b ~_CGIIge~. For more IIbCII Jlllcum.o:m 
• CALPIIG meeII MIY Man. III "" 2«1 ot tie SUIerr CenIIr. Jan one of our prqeet 

~1JI4'5 fIlS qual'. SM .. Co.l tb1geI nI HomeIessriees, a IIfIdar9nd Spe-
coes.Meet new peqiIe nI 1M lilt planetl Cal SJ.4.0940 !Of more Info. 
• AMftt ComnuiIy "'*-II meelS rHIIIY Thursday 2~, ~ No! Here? 
• RMI1I Co\IegIc-iI meelSMrjTuesday, 5pm, Deans 0tIice Co_ene. Room. 
• RtwIIIIionI mtIIs TuesdI'/, 3~, Revelle Conlarence Room C. 
• The $pilch II1II .,... ...., IS 1001019 !Of new IIlIIIIiiers 10 compete 'n speech 
loumamenlS. Fa rlo cal".". 11546·1517 
• ~ LllDilnIllll ........... '.GreIIp meeII each Tuesd&¥ MIIII'Ig 
hom J.8:llpm II SlJdInI CenIer ConI. Room 2. Cal 534·3755 b m(ft ,010 

Monday, November 24, 1997 Monday, November 24, 1997 The UCSD Guardian FEATURES II 

Even't& 
.Recre-

ation 
....... 24 

• UIIIIn SWill ......... eM FICUIy ~"'II PIIIII Gin-I&r Caoe. Ccmt -' fIcuIy III ~ 1nbmII __ "-- FlEE Ohler 
wII be SIfWd!1I .,.,. .. 

..............,·r"-'.yCSO.s MOST POPULAR 
fULL SERVICE CEHTER 

Customer Service is Our First Priority 
Complete auto repair, all makes and models 

European • Japanese • Domest;c 
Approved lea.ed vehicle .ervice. ASE certified for: 

• ENGINE REPAIR AND PERFORMANCE DIAGNOSIS 
• AUTO TRANSMISSION/TRANSAXLE 
• MANUAL TRANSMISSION/CLUTCH 
• SUSPENSION AND STEERING 
• COMPLETE BRAKE JOBS 
• ELECTRICAL/ELECTRONIC SYSTEMS 
• HEATING AND AIR CONDITIONING 
• COMPLETE MAINTENANCE AND SCHEDULED SERVICES 

& more. Call 'or an appointment' 
.... - - - - -, CmrlllMotorOil I Mention this ad and receive a 

13S-PT- COMPLETE I '\(m=f' TRAVEL & SAFETY 
IINSPECTION I 
L.::.5::e!_ E!!!.' ' ..... iIIi 

r 5 minute. from UCSDI 
Take La Jolla Village east, 
illurn! into Miramarl 

7998 MIRAMAR ROAD, SUITE B 
888-S-FIX CAR/S66-7SS2 

Fax: 566-7553 • OI'fN 7 DAYS A WlfK • Mon.-Sat. 8:00 -6:30, Sun. 9-6 

COLOR 

".n.1I 
Itabcrta GimbJea it diRdOr oflhe-omce Ale S 

with Dillbilitiea (OSD). AIer biab edIoal Gill" 
IIteaded the UDiveaity of AriDIa ill Tucsan. .,..... 
apecial oducatioa IDd ...... 'icIIiclII. 

'1 wortcod in SeaIde for .. HMO •• paIepIlDr 
almost ton yean. !hen I went a.ct to law school I WIIIt 
rbroup a muter's proaram for special education and 
rehabilitation counseling, which is basically what I'm 
doiDg now_ That·s how that evolved. 

"I went to law school to pursue disability-rights law. 
and that's formed the basis for being able to advocate on 
multiple levels. My husband is the executive director of 
the Access Center in San Diego." 
ClaI ... to F .... 

"When I was still at the University of San Diego IS a 
graduate student, I worked in this office as an oulrelCh 
representative. So, I was already here when the previous 
director moved on to bigger and better things on another 
campus. I applied for the position and got it I've been 
here at UCSD for seven years. six of those as director. 

"The purpose of this oft"u:e is to be the liaison 
between the student with the disability and the campus 
~mmunity in providing access to programs, services aDd 
facilities. That's the goal. 

"The mission slalement of this department is to c:e-
., within our campus environment, an atmosphere of 
partnership, so that as a campus we move toward acceu, 
instead of one unit or one department being responsible. 

"The way we detennine what is an appropriate ~rvice 
in our environment and what is going to be best in serv-
ing the student is based on their documentation and wbal 
functional limitation they have in Ibis environment. 
: "Let·s say someone baa epilepey. and hu a seizure 
diso~ related to epilepsy, but it's UDder control with 
medication, They may not have any fuoctioaallUnilltioa 
in this environment. I miabt DOt COOIdinate my auppod 
lor tIIIt pet10Il ia the clauroom IIIIIeu thoy'M ~YiIa 

See Mel, Paae 12 

$' ...1l /....... .--.- -' - . ( / \ 
,-_r'" 

----.. " ,/ 

Over 160 STORES to serve you nationwide! 
Over SO DIFFERENT COMPUTERS starting at$99 

Huge selection of LAPTOPS, PRINTERS & 
MUCH MOREl 

C®mR!!!r 
7305 CLAIREMONT MESA BLVO. 

KEARNY MESA 
576-2001 

M · F 10 A ... · 7 PM • SAT. 10 AM-6 PM 
SUN , I I AM·5 PM 

Only 5 miles from UCSD. Toke 52 east to 805 south. 
£,cit CIoIremont Meso 8Nd~ east two blades . 

... ---UCSD 
PO'S 

Accepted 
"1, ';1/'1', ,:11 II I ,,::\ 1):: ~ 

) I III ' .~' .• ~. I I I' ,/ lilt III: \, ~ ~ 
, , . , ~ 



12 FEATURES 

FACE: 
Experiences led her 
to current vocation 
ContInued frOlll ..... 11 
problems with the medication, and 
that's adjusted until it's adjusted 
and they're stabilized. 

"Then we might be providing an 
in-the-class accommodation or we 
might be providing extended time 
on an exam to compensate for the 
fact that they're not able to process 
like they 'd normally be able to 
process. 

"So it 's connected to the nature 
of the disability and then beyond 
Ihe nature 01 the disability whether 
or not they have a functional limi-
tation in Ihis academic environ-
ment. 

"~y job is determining, firSl, if 
they have a disahi lily, Ihen what the 
functional limitalion is, and Ihen 
whal is reasonable and appropriate 
in this environment. 

"Sometimes that means that I 
need to enter inlo dialogue, with 
student 's permission, wilh the 
physicians, the psychiatrists, with 
faculty and with sLaff, to make that 
happen, 10 come LO that determina-
tion. 

''This department is not Lhe ~um 
tOlal of me and who I am. This 
departmenl has many olher players, 
and every employee, studenl and 
staff, plays an integral , importanl 
role. Wilhout them, and without u~ 
working as a leam, services would-
n't be provided here. 

"We're serving sludenls who arc 
undergrads and grads. We're serv-
ing studenls who have English as a 
primary language and English as a 

SOAPBOX: 
Thanksgiving just 
an opportunity to eat 
Continued from pale 9 

Nothing brings people 10geLher 
beller than a Christmas party. 
Christmas panics arc a great way 
for friends , co-workers or family Lo 
get together - or so you may think. 
The real reason anyonc goes 10 hol -
iday parties, though, is that they are 
also a greal excuse 10 pig OUL on 
free, scrumplious hors d'ocuvres. 

No one would go to a party that 
didn't serve food. How boring 
would that be? What would you 

second language. We're serving 
every disability you can think of-
many medical conditions, physical 
conditions , emotional and psycho-
logical conditions, learning disabil-
ities. So it's a vast array; ii 's not 
like there's a boiler plate and this is 
what we do for everybody. 

"It 's an individual case-by-case 
Ihing. It is very personal. What a 
student thinks might be appropriaLe 
and what a faculty member thinks 
might be appropriate could be at 
opposite ends of Ihe continuum. 

''That 's why offices ~uch as 
mi ne are in place, so that there IS a 
liaison to lind the middle ground 
because it 's not always so black 
and white . It 's not always a mailer 
of 'Let's put an opener on a door so 
Ihe student can get in .' Somelimes 
it's more complex than that. It 's 
not always that cuL and dried." 
Goal. 

" II 's hard to ~ep,l rate personal 
and professional goals hccause dis-
ab ility is 50 much a pan of what I 
do. how I think and who I am. I 
have more than one disability that 's 
not visible, so I look at Ihings 
through that lens. And my spouse 
has a physical disabililY, so wher-
ever I go, whenever I go anywhere, 
I'm looking at Ihings Ihrough Ihal 
lens. 

"I' m looking al how is the he~1 
way to geL 10 here, how would a 
person in a wheelchair gCL in here, 
could a person in a wheelchair get 
in here. II doesn 't matter whether 
I'm at a restaurant wilh friends or 
I'm wilh my co lleagues sys-
lemwide, I'm always using that 
lens. It 's almosL become innate. It 's 
just the way I look al things. It 's my 
world view. 

do'} Everyon..: would have 10 siL 
arou nd and lalk to each olher. free 
from the dislraclion 0/ a sagging 
paper plate piled high wit h crack-
ers, brie, canapes and Ihose mmi 

sau~ages In barbecue sauce. lI's the 
food that hrings pcople togcther. 

The Christmas season is sym-
boli zed by food. When you sec a 

fro~ting-cakcd gi ngerbread house, 
what do you think of'! Why, 
Christmas, of cOllrse. What would 
the holiday season be without that 
rock-hard fruitcake Ihat has been 
passed down from generation to 
generation? Don' l forget the das-
sic candy cane that Santa hands out 
to all the little kids after they visit 

The UCSD Guardian 

"I don't think "'a 
,eallstlc to .xpect 
that Just because 
w. hav. more 
stud.nts with 
dl .. bllltl ••••• that 
we can ..... m. a •• 
campus that 
everyone I. going to 
be u .... friendly and 
und.rst.nd. " 

- Roberta Glmblett 
Director 

Office for Students with Disabilities 

"I grew up with grandparents 
who both had disabilities, so I had 
Lhal lens early on, young in life. 

"A~ far as goals go, cenainly a 
goal for Lhe department , and one 
Ihat 's become necessary because of 
funding , i to continue Lo pursue 
gi fts and grants to supporl the 
change in the demographics we 
have. 

"I don ' t think it 's n:alistic to 
expect that JU~ I becau~e we have 
more ~ Iudenb with disabilities, 
and, 10 particular, studenls with 
non-visible disabilities, Lhal we 
can assume as a campus that 
everyone is goi ng Lo be user 
friendly and undersland because 
they don ' t have a basis of aware-
ness. They don 't have the same 
basis. They don 't look at things 
through the same lens or the same 
world view." 
Hobbles/Interests 

" I like to snow ski, I like the 
plano. I like to read, and I like to 
garden. I am also pari of an organi -

Food love. you If 
you are fat or thin, 
boring or even Just 
plain ugly. If you are 
going to hang out 
with anyone this 
season, hang out 
with the food. 
him at Ihe loca l mall. 

Chrislmas is about food. 
If you think about it, food is the 

safest thing about the holidays. 
You don 't have to worry aboul say-
ing the wrong thing to it and mak-

INTERESTED IN A FINANCIAL SALES CAREER WITH A FOUR-YEAR 
TRAINING PROGRAM THAT CAN LEAD TO : 

-Securities Registration 

-Certified Financial Planner 

-Chartered Life Underwriter 
. 

IIICMrterecI Flrtimcllll eonsun.rt 

nSELF-MOTIVATION AND DESIRE FOR SUCCESS REQ!.IIRED. COLLEGE DEGREE OR EQ!)IVAlENT BUSINESS EXPERIENCE PREFERRED. FI RST YEAR COMPENSATION CAN EXCEED $50[(, 

zation called Kids on the Block . 
Kids on the Block is an internation-
al puppeteering organization. The 
puppets are like ~uppets . They ' re 
large ; they wear toddler-size 
clothes. 

"It's international, bUI here, in 
San Diego, we go out to kinder-
garten through about fifth grade. 
We talk abouL diversity, ethnic 
diversity, disability diversity and 
about social issues like child abuse 
and divorce. 

"The schools that have had us in 
the community before request us 
back and they request speCific 10P-
ics. There are live lroops and I'm 
one of those lroop~ . 

H, got involved in the first year I 
was here in San Diego because I 
wanted to do something in Ihe edu-
cational arena wilh lillie kids 
because the rest of the time I'm 
dealing with adults and yo ung 
adults. 

"So that gave me the opportuni -
ty 10 do that, and the other Ihing 
was hel:ause I believe that puppet 
Iherapy works for peoplc. It 's a lot 
easier sometimes for a person to 
talk about their feelings to an inan-
imate object Ihan it is to another 
human being. 

HI thought thaL I could use Ihis 
here on this campus, so what I have 
done in some of the residence halls 
and what I've done with some of 
the RA trainings is I've brought 
disability awareness through using 
the puppets. 

"In exchange for that, I go out 
one morning a week and work with 
the lillie kids in the elementary 
school s. The nrganization serves 
about 50.000 kids a year in the San 
Diego area." 

ing iL mad for the rest of the day. 
Food doe~ n ' L wan I you to make 
... malltalk like a long-iosl relative 
would. Food doesn 't nag you about 
cleaning up the house or wriling 
ChrlSlmas cards or losing those 10 
ex tra pounds. Food won't lalk 
behind your back, and doesn't care 
if you didn'L gel it a Christmas gifl. 

Food loves you if you are fat or 
thin, boring or even just plain ugly. 
If you are going LO hang out with 
anyone this season, hang out with 
the food. It is the safest way 10 go, 
and you won't go hungry. 

So, next time you think about 
thi s year's Thanksgiving or the 
rapidly approaching Christmas 

4 

~onday,Nove~r24, 1997 

Aw.ds 
"There's a professional organi-

zation called AHEAD [Association 
on Higher Education and the 
Disabled). They have annual meet-
ings, and I have, not this year, but 
in previous years, individually and 
on behalf of OSD, received awards 
for different projects that we have 
going. 

"One of the biggest was that 
nationally there wasn't any hand-
book or prototype for how to initi-
ale and facilitate a peer-support 
group for people with disabilities. I 
started t hat project when I was at 
the University of Arizona and initi-
ated such a group. It was then a 
transition for students who were 
coming from communilY colleges 
and from high school. 

"When I came here I saw the 
sa me need only, instead of it being 
a transition like Summer Bridge, 
which we already have, it was 
more a mailer of what happens LO 
a student when they come here. 
It 's Ihe first time away from home, 
they ' re clear across the country, 
but they also happen to have a dis-
ability, and they're unique in that 
way. 

"What happens when you have 
peer support from other people 
wilh disabilities is you form an 
alliance. You have disabiliLY 
issues and you might not be com -
fo rtable discussing those with 
other freshmen in the res halls , 
but you ' ve got to buffer agai nst 
all the things that happen to first 
year students. 

"So, we' ve been facilitating that 
for seven years. I got an award and 
was published through AHEAD. 

See FACE, Page 13 

season (hey, it's nearl y 
December!), don't remember your 
frie nds or football games or all the 
presents you have to buy. Think 
about the food. 

Now bring LIS some flggy pudding, 
Now bring LIS some flggy puddillg, 
Now bring /IS some flggy puddillli' 
And bring some right here. 
We wish YOII a merry Christmas 
We wish YO II a merry Christma.!', 
We wish you a merry Christmas, 
And a happy New Year! 
If you would like to bring 

Megan some figgy pudding or any 
other Iwliday delectable, please 
drop it off at the Guardian office ur 
e-mail her at msklein@ucsd.edu. 

by 
Caryl ChuTch1l1 
~;g~~r@(1t@d by 

.... "<·'4~lMrln,p Kauffman 

AcdJ11(Jl~d B/J~\W1ght, 
Caryl Churchl1l 

explore the bve 
of two Romanian fam,hes as they JnOve from 

an absurd world of wvere oppression to a ch.1ohc world 
of alleged freedom. A ~h( and moVing play about 

the human SplT1t. 
PERFORMANCES. 
NOV 20. 21. 22. 29 at a.OOpm 
NOV 23 & 30 at 1.00prn at the 

Mand@1I W@ISS 
Forum StudiO 

Th@atr@ In tM Round. 
on th. campus of UCSD 

6ud off l. JolJ. VIII.ge Drive) 
Tickets priU' $5, general seating. 
TICkets are avaIlable at the door only. 
(Umiled ~ for this intimate lheIIre S4W8sts hl you 
111M one hour bebt CUItIin tit .. to PII'CIIiIe bell ... ) 

UCSD Theatre S:, Dance .... ; r , t e tJ ,\ , ~ e (\ d / 

~onday, November 24, 1997 

FACE: 
Rewarded by seeing 
stuqents realize goals 
Coifn lied .......... 12 
That handbook is now international." 
Wh8t's your IduI yec8tlon? 

"A minimum of two weeks, ide-
ally, a whole month. I really have 
found personally, and found with 
my colleagues, that with one week 
you're just beginning to realize that 
you're on vacation by the end of 
the week - and then iI's over. 

"I like to travel. seeing new 
places and experiencing new 
things. So ideally. I would do that. 
I would travel some place different 
every year." 
What'. the most difficult thIng 
about your Job? 

"If everything is going as it's 
supposed to, usually students don't 
come here. They don't have a need 
to come in here. Students come 
here when they're in crisis, and that 
is not always easy to deal with day 
after day after day. 

"You want to see students being 
able LO realize success here, and 
when you see a student in crisis 
they're not always in the most 
objective frame of mind. 

"I'd say dealing with crisis is a 
necessary part of what we do, but 

it's not an easy part of what we do. 
We want to see students bappy and 
moving forward and successful . 
We don't want to see them meeting 
adversity. 

"So if a student comes and 
says, 'I can't get into this build-
ing,' well, that's something that 
we can move forward together to 
remedy and we can bring that for-
ward to the appropriate people that 
are going to have to deal with that 
issue. But if we're dealing with 
feelings and world views, or we're 
dealing with somebody who wants 
an accommodation but they don't 
wanl anybody to know. that's not 
so easy. 

"Somebody's gOL to know you 
have a disability. We're going to 
have to tell somebody that you are 
a student registered here with a dis-
ability, otherwise they're not going 
to have any reason to give you the 
accommodation. That's hard. 

"/t's not always that easy if you 
have a non-visible disability. If 
you're sitting in a wheelchair, you 
don't have a choice. people see 
that. But if you have a non-visible 
disability, you have to make a con-
scious decision as to whether the 
risk in disclosing is worth the 
accommodation you're about to 
get. 

"In the field, it's called disabili -

Crossword Puzzle 

r·······················. 
• the • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 

! 2Y2¢* ! 
• • 
• • 

i 50¢ i 
• • 
• • 
• • 
: Located on the second floor Price Center next : 
• to the post office. 619.677.9000 • 
• • Offer good 'for 8Yt x II, autofed copies on 20# white paper. : 

, , -

The UCSD Guardian 

ty-management counseling, learn-
ing how to manage your disability 
and advocate for yourself." 
Wh8t Is most rew.rdlng .bout 
your Job? 

"The most rewarding is seeing 
students excel. realizing their 
goals, pursuing the major of their 
choice and entering into the work-
ing world or into grad school. 
Usually, in this field, students don't 
ever really leave us. They send let-
ters, you know where they're at, 
you know what they ' re doing. 
That's very rewarding to see the 
other side of it , seeing where this 
went after UCSD." 
I. thl. where you thought you 
would be 20 ye.,. a&o? 

"Oh, no. I thought I would be an 
attorney." 
Who I, the blUest Inftuenee In 
your life? 

"If we're talking existential, 
then I would definitely say God has 
been the biggest influence in my 
life. If we' re talking about mortal 
influence, then I'd say that my 
grandparents had been the greatest 
influence in my life." 
Any pet peev.,? 

"People that drive too fast on 
the freeway. ThaL's a disability 
waiting to happen." 
What'. your most unlqu. 
.... t? 

"I wouldn't say it's unique, but 
it is my biggest asset - trying to 
maintain a positive outlook and 
doing so with humor even when 
you're striving for what a lot of 
people don't want to embrace. 
[People] do everything they can to 
throw the negative up there. 

"The expression ' let me play 
the devil's advocate' is really 
annoying to me. Not because I 
don't want to look at the other side 
of the coin, but usually when 
someone prefaces a statement with 
that, what they're about to do is 
give you a negative." 
If you could chance one thing 
.bout UCSD what would It be? 

"I guess one thing would be a 
major thing. Everything would be 
accessible." 
What h .. UCSD taught you? 

"Well, the biggest thing it's 
taught me is patience. Nothing hap-
pens fast here. Even outside of this 
realm of things, everything takes 
time. There's a policy and proce-
dure for everything. There's a pro-
tocol for everything. In the employ-
ment arena, there's a hierarchy to 
everything. 

"Not that you want to move in 
isolation, unilaterally, but you can't 
even as a committee meet, make a 
decision and move forward. 
There's always one more step out-

FEATURES 13 

side of that. Patience is the biggest 
thing." 
Wh8t'. something about you 
that people would be surprlHCI 
to know? 

"I don't think the average per-
centile really gets to know me. I'm 
generally soft-spoken. They don't 
expect me to be tenacious, and I am 
extremely tenacious." 
" you could have dinner with 
any two people, whom would 
you choose? 

"/t's kind of an emotional sub-
ject for me. ~y very best friend 
up in Seattle died a week before 
last. Right now, I would say I 
would want to spend even five 
minutes dialoguing with that 
friend. On a more continual basis, 
there are many times where I 
would like to have that same 
opportunity to dialogue with my 
grandmother ... 

By Herb Ettenson See above for answers 

Across Down 
1 
• 10 

" 11 
• 
11 

u 

II 
17 
It 
10 
11 
U 
M ,. 
40 
41 
42 
41 
., 
... 

10 
12 
13 
14 
II 
.. 

" U 
14 

•• .. 
n 

~ .. - JI 
-

1 
_Ie 

M 
LM ___ 

...... _Lq I I 74 
-.-...-.r- I ........ .. "-"-.-. 

---.,. rr 
---

J ••• 
--

'T 
.... --.. -....... 78 ........ • . ......,..-- .. 
-.. --. 78 ......... • 

-

eo 
....... --

--...... ,-.. 
a 
---

• 

__ a 

11 ..., 

--

a 

--

, 
_le- U ...,-_.-

---

a 
......... - • 

...,_ .. --_. 
-

-

M 
........ - • 

_ ... ., ................. ., 
_ .... --. .. ................... 10 

-
IT .... 

-
• -" ........ U "* ...... .. 

_ .. -
........... II CIIot ....... _flf_' 12 ...... fIf_ •• fIIIa .... ,.,_ 
_flf_ 

• --... ~- 13 _ P .... , ... TO 
----'._- -- 14 -- 74 ,_ .. -~ .. - • 

-

11 
- .... -

TI ,-

--

t1 -, 
" 

.... ,_. - Tt -....... 
_ ... a_·,'_ • ..... ..... ..., U - .. to 

-
. .. , ....... 

--

18 ,- a --,_ .. -
-" ........ " 

CIty .... -..- 2. _ .feat .. aa 
--- ...... 

103 
-" ....... a -.. --

M _ .. -
......,.-, lOT _flf"lll .. fIf .. a _flf .. 'tlIL .. c:..ter_P_. 
.... _. 

....... - . 32 w.., .. - • 
__ '_I 

'_I 101 _ ..... U ·C , NaoIoII My .-y. .. 
-""--...- 1 .. ........ TVeet., ....... 301 , ... _bInI " -

-""'-
130 ..,_. JI .... - to "_I.~ .. 

............. Ul ~._ •• fIf' ... 301 
At""'''' __ 

" .'-C ...... .., ........ _ .. ...., 37 1taII_'_.1 .2 
-'.-""" .. _ ... _.try 112 _ ......... M.' •• 311 C""'_ .. _ .1 ..... -

"" .... -
Ul ...... fIf ..... _1II 3t _flf_ M ,-,flfn ... 

-_ ........ U4 
CIoeryI'" -

43 ...- .. _ .... -
aM ,~ .. .,...." for 11 • 

PI ..... , ... _ _ 
.. C ........ flfVla_ .. c1I--.rr_ ..... 

-

.. AII_ 100 .....--
-" ........ 

.. -oily 101 
--

---

.. Dew' ..... 102 ............. 1My 
~ •• --.cy 104 

_ .. , .... 

"'-'.,rec. 10 ___ flf"~._ lOt .... _flf_ 
-" ........ 

11 
-

1 .. ._flf_ 
--

12 P'Ic_ ... ...-

~EXTENDED 
~~STUDIES 

Catalogs now available! 
SDSU Wintersession 

January 5-23, 1998 
Register viII the Internet, In person or 
by mlllllls soon .s you obtllin II clltlliog 

• Ellrn up to four units 

• Choose from hundreds of short, Intensive 
courses from a vllrlety of departments! 

• Credit ellmed Is resident credit IIppllcable 
to your degree 

• 

REGISTER ON· LINE FOR WINTERSESSI0rJ 
ON OUR SECURE WEB SITE 
http://www.ces.sdsu.cdU 

• Limited to one coupon per one person. Coupon must be pre- • 
• sented at time of purchase, EXP.12-31-97 • For informlltion clIlI SDSU Winterse .. lon (619) 594-5152 ~ •••••••••••••••••••••• .r~--------------------------------------------~----------------~ 

. ' 

.. 

'. 



14 FEA11JRES 

Arena 
Do you prefer the new 15 
minute passing period? 
Interview by Jessica Scheppmann 
Photography by Monlka Kobylecka 

It's needed. 

Chrl. '.ylor 
Warren Junior 

I think it sucks. I can't 
remember when classes 
start and when they end. 
Finals suck, too, because 
there are so many Saturday 
finals. I've been here for 
five years and J've never 
had a problem making it to 
my classes before. 

l ... mSw.l. 
Marshall Senior 

It's good for stopping 
and talking to people in 
between classes, but as for 
working at Bloomers, it 
screws up everyone's 
schedule. Everyone does-
n't overlap as easily. J actu-
ally like it better, though. 

Laur, Mil •• 
Warren Junior 

I think it's pretty stupid. 
think that they should 

take five minutes away 
from each class so that 
they are 45-minute peri-
ods, and keep the 15-
minute passing periods. 

Su ..... tSlngh 
Revelle Sophomore 

~ 
., •. W 

[ don't need it. It's too · 
much time. I use it to hang 
out with friends. 

"

. .~ .....fIIIfI.... . ;; .1* 
II 
.. 

Adam Heine 
. Warren Junior , . 

The UCSD Guardian Monday. November 24. 1997 

Psycho The~apy 
Help! My Boyfriend Is Deserting 
Me for the Open Road 
By Mary HIggins Senior Staff Writer 
.. Not A Licensed Therapist" 

I want to thank one of my read-
ers - we'll call him "Phil" - for 
pointing out that in my last column 
I discussed only the female orgasm. 

1 regret the oversight and I assure 
you that regardless of gender, all 
orgasms are equally important. It is 
essential 10 keep Ihis in mind if you 
happen to be in a relationship for 
longer than, say, two or three hours. 

Despite obvious anatomical dif-
ferences, male and female orgasms 
are essentially the same thing. 
Men, however, lend 10 experience 
them aboullhree 10 six times a day, 
with or without an audience. 

I consulted my research leam 
about this high incidence of orgas-
micily. We took a poll of several stu-
dents at Revelle College and it turns 
out that certain men in the study -
J'm not going to mention any 
names, but they were all pre-med-
said they were prone to have this 
experience because, "We're bored." 

It just goes to show how rigid 
academic requirements can affecl 
the lifestyles of the studenl body. 

Enough about orgasms. 
In the aftermath of Guardian 

graphics editor Brendan Cahill's 
scathing analysis of lhe media at 
UCSD (Nov. 13). we might start see-
ing some major changes all over 
campus. NeKt thing you know, The 
Koala is going to start covering the 
Academic Senate and we'll have to 
refer to them as "reporters" and not 
"those drunken fools down the hall ." 

While we're on the topic, 
Cahill's claim that we have excel-
lent artists on staff is IOO-percent 
true. For example, the icon at the 
top of this page looks just like me. 
Those guys can't do a damn thing 
right. I told them to make me look 
like Cindy Crawford. 

Enough about the graphics guys. 
Now is the time when all of us 

are trying to enroll for winter quar-
ter. If you're a first- or second-year 
student, you probably won 't get the 
classes you want, but don't stress 

Needl ... to NY, "'a 
also tou .... to lov. a 
.... n with hair 
permanently 
wl ..... lown on one 
...... ndgnat. 
wedged· bMw_n his 
front t_th. 
out. That's what the third, fourth and 
even fifth years at college are for. 

Instead, usc this opportunity to 
try something new; take an anthro-
pology class, for example, or 
explore the bizarre and somewhat 
frightening world of thealer. 

Don't consider it a waste of 
your time because it could be one 
of the most valuable experiences of 
your life. I took Dr. Ian 
Trowbridge's "AIDS and Society" 
class on a whim and wound up 
switching my major to biology. 

The message is this: don't be 
afraid 10 Iry something new. In par-
ticular. don't be afraid to try some-
thing just because you're bad at it. 
This may sound weird, but it's true. 
I get C's now instead of A's - and 
I've dropped Physics IA twice -
but at least these days I stay awake 
during lecture. Most of the time. 

Enough aboul school. 
And now, for the letter of the 

week, from "Svetlana" at Roosevelt: 
"Dear Mary, I have a boyfriend 

who's smart - really smart. 
Actually he's not that smart; he just 
dropped out of med school and now 
hc wants to be a truck driver. Help!" 

Svetlana, first of all, 1 want you 
to know that I feel your pain. II's 
confusing when the ones we love 
suddenly develop alter egos. If he 
starts demanding that you call him 
"Reggie." and insists you commu-
nicate with him via ham radio 
rat her than the telephone, then 
you're in trouble. 

) also understand that you might 

have concerns about the stability of 
his future career. From what I know 
about truck-driving - which is very 
little - it is a stressful and sometimes 
dangerous job that rnay take him far 
from home, and thus away from you. 

Needless 10 say, it's also tough to 
love a man with hair pennanently 
wind-blown on one side and gnats 
wedged between his front teeth. 

On the other hand, if he's gen-
uinely interested in being a truck-dri-
ver, and not just regressing into a boy-
hood fantasy world, then don't be too 
hasty in judging his career choice. 

After all, where would you and 
I be without America's men and 
women who make their living 
behind the wheel of a big rig? 
Aside from the whole delivery 
thing, Ann Landers gets a dozen 
letters a week from people who 
have been rescued at the side of the 
road by alert truckers. 

Svetlana, you might advise your 
boyfriend to make an appointment 
al his university'S career services 
center. If he really doesn'l want to 
stay in med school, Ihen he's free to 
make that decision - not everyone 
is cut out to be a doctor, regardless 
of how smart they are. 

This kind of goes along with 
what I was saying earlier about 
being daring and trying new things. 
I firmly believe that everyone has a 
right to drop out of college and try 
something new; one acquai nt.l. Ice of 
mine left UCSB after his freshman 
year and the last I heard, he was a . 
snowboarding instructor in Tahoe. 

On the other hand, you have to 
be prepared for the consequences, 
which mayor may not include liv-
ing in a cardboard boK behind the 
University Towne Centre. 

And that's the moral of my story. 
So, until next Monday, get out of 

Ihat cruddy, roach-infested apart-
ment or dorm room and try some-
thing adventurous. More important-
ly, have a wonderful Thanksgiving. 

Enough mush. 

l>war~ MOLl"llain ~ame~ 

5450,0 Clairemont Mesa Blvd. 
San Diego, CA 92117 
(619)569~GAME 

VAM~fR[ 
. 

Sink your ~eth into it The Masquerade" 
Vampire The Masquerade Is A Registered Trademark of White Wol'f Publi'shmg, Inc . 

, I *' I 

Monday, November 24, 1997 The UCSD Guardian 

Claire Schneider/Gu8/'d,an 
She'. lot ald ... : Freshman sensation Leslie Punelli digs out a ball during UCSD's sweep of the University of Wisconsin-
Whitewater last Saturday night at RIMAC while Dana Salter looks on . The Tritons will host the Final Four on Dec. 5-6. 

SPORTS 15 

""c. __ .. '. 

Vc. •• eyb .... 
_cl'V'_ .. c_cI _ .. 

• h_ ....... 
... _r "", •• h .. 

• _re_k.." 
S_._rcl_.." "",I .. 

8y Steve Walsh 
Senior Staff Writer 

When it comes to volleyball matches, none are 
more exciting than one that has a capacity crowd. 
a costumed clal'i of "Braveheart" look-a-likes and 
a pair of streakers, as well as some high-impact, 
edge-of-your-seat volleyball action. Add to that 

mixture the fact that the 
winner earns a spot in the 
NCAA Final Four and 
you've got all the mak-
ings of an epic that would 
fit perfectly with UCSD's 
dream season. 

When the dusl settled 
and the last kilt was 

nipped in celebration, the final piece of the puzzle 
was put into place with the announcement that the 
1997 Division III women's volleyball National 
Championship will be held here in La Jolla . 

AflCr sweeping the University of Wisconsin-
Whitewater on Saturday night in the NCAA 
Quarterfinals. UCSD advanced to the Final Four, 
which will be held at RIMAC Arena Dec. 5-6. 

Earlier in the season, UCSD and Whitewater 
locked homs in a tough-fought match with the 
Tritons taking the victory. 

Since that loss in the Trinity Tournament, the 
Warhawks have been on a rampage, winning 14 
matl:hes in a row. While that slreak may be impres-
sive, the UCSD win in the first matchup was part 
of the Tritons' school record of20 consecutive vic-
tories which was on the line Saturday night. 

While UCSD i~ now only one win away from 
competing for its seventh National Championship, 
it looked at the stan of the match against the 
Warhawks as if the Tritons would watch the Final 
Four from the sidelines. 

Despite the enthused cheers of a noisy UCSD 
crowd, Whitewater came out playing nearly flaw-
less volleyball. After the two teams exchanged 
early point~ , the Warhawk frontline lowered its 
iron curtain· like block that had the Triton hitters 
desperately searching for answers. 

The Tritons that had prided itself on being able 
to tool or hit past the opposing team's block now 
found that neither of the e options were working. 

Even as senior setter Sherine Ebadi switched 
the pattern of the UCSD aHack, the middle block-
ers for Whitewater were quick to respond and 
blocked five straight points as Whitewater gained 
a 9-3 lead. 

Not wanting the game to slip away, UCSD 
Head Coach Duncan McFarland called timeout to 
settle his troops . 

' 'They were an excellent blocking team," junior 
middle blocker Shannon Noonan said. "The only 
thing that we were able to do was to tool. Leslie 
Punelli came in and just worked their block. Even 
though she's a small hitter, it doesn ' t mailer 
because with a big block in front of her, she' ll just 
use them." 

The strategy worked, as the Tritons carne out of 
the timeout looking like a new team. After getting 
a sideout from Punelli, the UCSD offense went 10 
work. Using a tough serve that had been missing 
earlier, the Tritons kept Whitewater scrambling 
and began to slowly chip away at the lead. 

With the Warhawks on their heels, the UCSD 
hitters began to solve the blocking problem. 
Sophomore Allison Bender and freshmen Shannon 
Hawes and Punelli brought some punch into the 
lineup. 

As the capacity crowd at RIMAC came to its 
feet, the Tritons knotted the score at 9-9 and recap-
tured the game's momentum. 

Given new life, UCSD continued to apply the 
pressure as Noonan and fellow middle bIDda 
Dena Strube look advantage of the Warhlwts' 

See TWO TO GO, Page 18 



16 CLASSIFIEDS The UCSD Guardian 

EVE N T S 
Sangam's "A night at the Taj' 8pm-
1 am. Saturday, November 22nd. KC's 
Tandoor Restaurant, San Diego . Call 
Tina 558-1170. (11/20-24) 

CLASSIFIEDS 
Holiday Eating Concern Workshop, 
held by student peer counselors Dec. 
4,7-8:30 pm at the Women's Center. 
O's call Beverly McCreary, 534-3585. 
(11124-1211 ) 

The UCSD Guardian reserves the nght to classlty. edll . delele oHenslve words and 
phrases, andlor refuse any and alladvertisemenls without proor nolthcallon. The Advertiser 
Will not hold the Guardian liabte for any claims resuli lng tram the pubhcalton ot the 
advertisement. The publisher will also nOI be held accountable tor any claim from an 
agreemenl made between the advertiser and Ihe consumer. 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 

Copy should be reviewed by the advertiser tor errOlS In order to be correcled In the next 
regu lar Issue. all errors must be reported by the corresponding deadline. Credll Will only 
be given lor the Incorrect portion ot Ihe advertisement. There are no refunds tor cancella tions. 
Pla_ .. nd all correspondenca I891'rdlng Cta •• lllad. to: 
UCSD Guat'dlan, AUn: CI ... IfIada. tIOO Gilman Drlva '0311, La JoU •• CA 112093. 
AcluallocaUon: Student Cantar A, Room 217. 

Are you smart? Can you draw? Then 
be the Guardian's POLITICAL 
CARTOONIST! 2-5 hours per week 0 
$9.61 an hour. Submit a cartoon sample 
to Megan @ the Guardian offiee in the 
Old Student Center. (11120-1214) 

1:1 '·C!f: I =t,':m 
*ROUND TRIP COURIER FARES. 

$285 .... Ico $150 Hong Kong $389 
China $360 Srn, $S20 BangIIGk 5370 
+40-80% OFF ALL FARES" 
AIR COU RIER INTERNATIONAL 

1-800-298-1230 24 hr 

SEEKING FINANCIAL AID but don't 
know where to look? Student Financial 
Services prOfiles over 200,000+ 
individual awards (private/public). For 
the cost of a textbook, tap IOtO resources 
you never knew existed. Call 1-800-
922-9091 Ext. F59761 . (11/13-24) 
The Episcopal Sludents ASSOCiation 
meets every Wednesday from 5:00-
6:30 p.m. in the International Student 
Center Conference Room for 
communion, Christian dicussion, and 
free dinner. Students, faculty, and staff 
welcome. Call 534-6549forinformation. 
(11/24) 
Alii want for Christmas IS 10% off any 

quart.r page or I.rger ad In the 
Thurs. Dec. 4 Holiday Issue of the 
GuardIan. Call (619) 534-3466. 
Deadline 2 p.m., Mon. Dec. 1. (11120-
1211), ________________ ___ 

EMPLOYMENT 
Are you smart? Can you dr.w? Then 
be the Guard;an's POLITICAL 
CARTOONISTI2-5 hours per week 0 
$9.61 an hour. Submit a cartoon sample 
to Megan @ the Guard;an oHice in the 
Old Student Center. ( 11 /20. 121~ 
$1500 weekly potential mailing our 
circulars. No experience required. Free 
information packet. Call 41 0-783-8279. 
(1012-1214) 

PART nME HOLIDAY lOBS! 
Ideal for .Iu ..... Local c.. 

... lop ..... N,. ...... 
paid trolnIng. • .,.,. be".11 

Call 619-587-2829 

Paid Management Internshlp-
Student Works Painting is now hiring 
for Spring/Summer 1998. Seeking 
motivated applicants for high level 

. "III""U 
Vial' 'lie lIuarllian 
lelirere"? 
The UCSD Guardian is seeking .ddIUan.1 
dlslrlilullan sllBS on and off campus. 
• Keep up to date on campus life 
• MINIMI. 10 PIPIRI dall,arad 
• Perfect for lobbys , waiting areas, & 

restaurants 

CalJ Ann B~efield at The Guardian 
534-6845 

"'lln",,,,1I1 
'all TIl, S"rtI.,." 
• ,,1/11 I,ll 111,,,,,, 

internship. Duties include interviewing, 
hiring, development of customer 
relations, control of marketing and 
sales, and production management. 
Call 1-800-394-6000. (10123-1214) 

Job Interview SuH 
UCSD Guardian 

Display Classifieds 

Accountant/Bookkeeper, PIT, growing 
software company in La Jolla. Must be 
proficient OUickbooks Pro. $10.00/hr., 
20-25 hrs/wkly. Fax resume 619-459-
5241 . (11/3-12/4) 
JAPANESE RESTAURANT IN LA 
JOLLA is seeking friendly waiters/ 
waitresses. Fax your resume to 748-
5107. (11 /3-11 /24) 
FINANCIAL CONSULTING. Full/Part-

Classified Line 
Ad Rates 

Studenta: $2 per 20 words 
Flcuhy .. Staff: 53 per 20 words 

All others: 54 per 20 words 
Advance payment is required. 

Classified Display 
Ad Rates 

$9.00 per column Inch 
Deadlln .. : 

Pulllic.tion 0.1. Display Ads Unt Ads 
MeIndIy Noon TlIura. 3 pm Thurs. 
Thursday Noon Mon. 3 pm lion. 

time positions. Comprehensive training 
provided. All majors welcome , 
economics/management science 
majors a plus. Potential earnings of 
over $10,OOOImonth. 273-6576. (11/ 
24-1214) 
Paid part-time marketing associate. 
Must be well organized with strong 
communication skills . Work in 
prestigious La Jolla firm. Brad 456-
3631. (11/20-1211) ____ _ 
Part Time derical, for SaturdaylSunday, 
in an active Real Estate Office , 
Telephone, Computer & aecting. skills 
required. 456-0009. (11/20-1214_) _ 

, MAKE $800+ WEEKLY! I 
Stull envelopes at home and earn $2.00 I env. 
great bonuses. FfT or PfT. Make alleast $800 a 
week, 1118,...'-<111 Free supplies. Sian fight 

away. For free detajs, send one stamp 10: N . 34, 
12021 WIsh Ire 81. Sle 552, Los Angeles. CA90025 

Durante's Grille & Sports Cafe seeking 
e.perienced servers. Apply 1 0-2pm M-
F at 2010 Jimmy Durante Blvd. Suite 
105. (11 /24-1214) 

ROOMMATES 
Master bedroom & bath in La Jolla 
Apartment, pool, spa, gym, own parking 
space. $520, 1/2 utilities. Non-smokers 
only. Call 677 -0098. Available for wInter 
quarter. (11/3-24) 
Room for rent. Nice, clean, quiet house, 
Mira Mesa west; near all . Female, non-
smoker. $250/mo ., $200 deposit, 
available now. 578-86.!!.3.(11/3-11/24) 
Share a three bedroom condo in the 
UTC area , near UCSD. Clean , 
resoponsible , no drugs/alcohol. (male 
preferred) $4oo/month + 112 u~lities . 
Idean 576-7425. (11/24) 
La Jolla furnished rooms for rent, or 
furnished rooms to share in house. 
Private entrance, working studenV 

VII&' las. malICe " 
IJCSe c:t ....... n I!el'IK 

Me_fAace 

Monday, November 24, 1997 

professional. Non-smoker, no pets, lite 
cooking, considerate, responsible, very 
clean, qUiet, low key environment, 
walking distance to beach, near school . 
Ranging from $485 .00-$600.00 
including utilities. Call 1-619-459-6322. 
tl l /17-1 /29) 

FOR RENT 
OWN YOUR OWN HOME, save rent $. 
Condos $100,000+ , Homes 
$200,000+. Special savings UCSD 
staff/students. Area expert, 20 years 
experience. REIMAX COASTAL Judith 
Haddox. 274-4477. (10/6-3/12) 
One large room in La Jolla Colony. 
Own bathroom . WID , Pool , 
underground parking. Avail. mid-Dec! 
Jan. $577.50/month. 458-0102. (III 
13-1214) 

Nd t/mt hs/XL-apt? 2-BR, 
2B8, AC, Indry, Xlnt Joe.? 

Nd hlp w/abbrev? 

GUARDIAN CI ••• mad 
DI.pl.y Ad. 

For Rent: 4 BR 2 Ba house. North 
Clairmont. 10 mins from UCSD. 
Culdesac. Fireplaces, skylights. New 
kitchen, baths. Beautiful garden, 
gardener. $1450. Available 1198. 270-
7841 . (11 /20-1214) ___ _ 
Senior Female needs roommate to 
share 2 bedroom apartment in UTC on 
Genesee . $400/month. Call 558-7083 
(11 /24-12/4) 
Room for rent, PB townhouse w/2 girls, 
female preferred, beginning Dec. 15, 
$350/month, call Heather 274-2476. 
(11124-12/1) 
LaJolia Furnished room in condo, near 
UCSD, bus, kitchen, utilities, washer/ 
dryer, pool. Prefer male graduate or 
post-doc. $500, $200 deposit. 450-
6935. (11/20-1/4) 

FOR SALE 
Cuslom surfboards . GRIFFIN 
SURFBOARD Encinitas. Shortboards, 
guns, fish, eggs, longboards. 7' and 
under $265.00. Longboards $350.00. 
(~O) 942-7079. (11/24) 
VW-GTI 1983. Black, 5-speed. Great 

WI ... enteHcu ...... 
aIlE) ftanse StII/IeS II' 
a IllUN. tlleNef 

The GUQlcbI', Ho5day 5pecioI 

10% Off* 
qUQI~et pa~e or IQI~et ad, 
fOR DEC. ~ ISSUE ONLY 
·fOl~~~~~"" . 

9500 GILMAN DRIVE, Ol1b. 
LA IOLlA. (A 9W<H.Ol1b 
~'UD[H' (fMTfR aUILDIH(j A. ROOM 217 

Monday, November 24, 1997 

condition. Only 78,ooomiles! Regularty 
serviced, one owner. Pirelli tires, good . 
sound. $2,500Ibest. 619-452-3882. 
(11124-1211 ...... ) _____ _ 

VV ANT E 0 
Males and females paid $30.00 for 

ASIAN FEMALE HAIR MODELS 
needed for upcoming hairshows, 
magazines, make-up, videos. All 
heights ok! Top pay! Beginners ok! Call 
free (anytime) 1-800-959-9301. (11 / 
20-1 /29) 

The UCSD Guardian 

interview. If you are of Japanese, ~ ~ ~~~ ~ 
Chinese, or Korean descent, call VA, ~ WOMEN WHO ~ 
.55.2-8.58.5.x2.18.2 .• (9./2.3-1.21.4)_ ... ~ ARE PROUD ~ 

able to cope with life's stresses. Identify 
and overcome obstacles to academic 
achievement. Help with mood 
diHiculties, amtiety, identity issues, 
relationship problems. Supportive, 
caring approach. Close to campus. 
Reduced fees for students. Carol 
Randolph, PhD. (PSY15060)619-699-
8484. (11/17-1/15} 

Let '0 of clutter ... pawn It off 
on somebody el.el 

GUARDIAN CI._lfled 
DI .... ·YAd. 

Jewish American subjects re imbursed 
for interview. II you are UCSD student, 
21-25, call 552-8585 x 4185 for 
information. (9/23-1214) 
EGG DONORS NEEDEDI Have you 
considered helping an infertile couple's 
dream come true! If you're 21-30 years 
and will ing to help, please call 
OPTIONS at (800) 886-9373. All races 
needed. Compensation $3,500. (9/ 
23-1214) 

EGG DONORS 
NEEDED 

If you are a healthy female 
between the ages of 18 and 32 

and have health insurance. 
Compensation $2,500. 

Call Mirna Navas at 
(310) 829-8782 

for more info. 

Healthy People Needed for 
noninvasive eyeblink studies (Hillcrest). 
Please be: 18-55, right-handed, and 
drug-free. Monetary compensation for 
qualified partiCipants. UCSDMC CTF 
A-311. Call Pattie at 543-2314. (11/24) 
WANTED: 96 PEOPLE. We'll pay you 
to lose weight up to 29+ Ibs!!! FREE 
SAMPLES!!) Call 619-515-4894. (11/ 
20-24) 
Healthy male volunteers ages 25 to 50 
years old are needed to participate in a 
study examining the effect of sound on 
the eyeblink reflex at the UCSD Medical 
Center in Hillcrest. No medications. 
Intact hearing required. Free shuttle 
transportation is available. Free shuttle 
transportation is available. Monetary 
compensation will be provided for 
eligible participants who complete the 
study. Call 543-2494 for information. 
(11117-1/8) 

~ of their heritage, you ~ 
; may be eligible to be an ; 

~ egg donor if you are ~ 
~ 21-28 years , healthy, ~ 
~ respons ible. ~ 
~ Call Jessica, FFC ~ 
~ 619-581-1820 ~ 
~ GENEROUS ~ 
~ COMPENSATION ~ 
~ AslIn donors n,ld,d ~ 

~~~~~~ 
Wanted: live-in , part or full time 
childcare. Experience necessary. Call 
Rhonda (619)481-3727. (11 /20-1214) 
Wanted: Part or full time nanny. Live-In 
or 0!J1. Duties include driving children 
to and from school , helping with 
homework , driVing to afternoon 
appointments , & simple meal 
preparation . Experience and 
references necessary. Must have own 
transportation . Call Emma (760)632-
9366. (11/24-1214) ____ _ 

SERVICES 
.z&. La Jolla 
",Barber Shop 
QUALITY BARBERfNG 

Haircuts $10 
MINUTES FROM UCSO 

7760 Fay Ave, Suite F 
Downtown Ls Jolls 

next '0 'he ~mpress Ho'e' 
459-5792 

HOURS: Tues-Fri. 8:30-3:00 
Sat. 8:00-3:00 

Closed Sun. & Mon. 

Typinglword processinglDTP. Papers, 
theses, books, invitations, lIyers, etc. 
Affordable/Reliable . 15+ yrs . 
experience. DAK Software Services. 
619-578-7319. (11 /13-24) 
PSYCHOTHERAPY, Become better 

for tile Calendar. 

Do you really dig weeds? 
Rnd someone who needs. 
GUARDIAN ClassIfI ... 

DI .... ·YAd. 

Psychotherapy : Individual and 
couples therapy, in a supportive and 
caring environment, to help you deal 
with Personal , Family & School 
Pressures , Relationship Issues , 
Depression, Loss, Anxiety, Pregnancy, 
Self Esteem, Motivation, Career Issues, 
etc. Laurie Kolt, Ph .D., Psychologist 
(Ltc#PSY8556), La Joila 456-2005. (111 
24) 

G. ,. 1..1. 
Put it in the 
UCSD Guardian Personals 

20 words for $2: Students $3: staff and faculty 
PC t MAC rental, $4.50/hr. Word 

Please. 0 
Plea~e draw for fIle Calendar. Or fake phofos. Jusf 
fake ern or mati ern fo the GuardlOn off,(e by 
Thursday ANY TllUnday"ups'alfs In 'he old 5tudent 

C"I1'"r "gilt abovp till' Gel1Nal StOrt· · mati (odp 0316 

CLASSIFIEDS 17 

processing, Laser prints, color output, 452-9949 (wilD) (11 /24-1 /8) 
resumes. Cal Copy, 452-9949 (wilD). 
(11124-118) 

Jobs on-line (0 
www-csc.ucsd.edu 
* NExr QrR. GET 1HOSE RESUMES READY 

Multicultural 

Job F* 
J ... 22. 10:30 - 2pm 

Passport Photos, 55.95. Color laser 
copies, 69¢. Cal Copy, 452-9949 (w/ 
10) (11/24- _1/8-,-) __ _ 
CopIes 3 112c, letter-size. Cal Copy, 

« ·ALPHA CHI OMEGA- > 
o r 

~ Congratulations ~ 
~ to the ~ 

~ New Initiates of :: 
~Alpha Chi~ 

~ Omega~ 
o . "'0 
U.l Belh Amese :r: ~ > 
o Danyle Fi/ibeck (') 
J: 
U 
< 
J: 
0.. 
...J 
« 
• 
< 
o 
Ul 

~ 
o 

Gerri Galyean 
Shanllon Hetrick 
Stephanie Hsiltllg 

Wendy Levy 

:r: 

-Courmey Nicolaides > 
Tracy Popeney 

MtJrya S chulte 

r 
"'0 
::I: 
> 

::I: K risti Shibata g 
U -< TIffany Simons 0 
J: Melissa Yanagidate ~ ~ a 
< ·ALPHA CHI OMEGA- > 

LOST & FOUND 
LOST - Prescription sunglasses, 
tortoise-shell color, gray case. If found, 
please call Aaron 678-8619. (11/20-
24) 

PERSONALS 
Ouestion to the Soup Division of Grove 
Caffe: What happened to the soups 
people Iike .. . the creamy ones? III want 
barley, I'll become a farmer. (11/24) 
To the Academy Award Winning 
Director of "Dances With Hogs" -what 
is this ponderous new flick you've made 
called "The Postman ?"I was hoping for 
something more along the lines of "II 
Postino" or Cliff Klavin . (11/24) 
You can look for bombs wherever you 
like ... except my palace. I wouldn't keep 
them there-trust me. (11/24) 

What makes 
a woman 

say "yes"? 
We know at least one 

answer to that. 

Renaissance Towne Center 
(.cross from UTel 

8915 Towne Centre Drive 
Suite 114 

(619) 677-9700 

www.adbusters.org 

... THE UNIVERSITY OF SAN DIEGO 

.J. SCHOOL OF T 1:ln BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION I \ I· () In I \'I I () \ \ I 11" ( ) I~ t l]\ I ~ cordially inviles you 10 an 
with introduclions by 

DR. CURTIS COOK, DEAN 
School or Bu.inesr Admin;." .. ion 

DR. CHARLES TEPLITZ DR. GREG GAZDA 
Direc10t ruuJ Executive DireclOl. Joha M. Ablen 

GnduIIe B .. iDeu I'I'opwo CeDler ror 1-..0 ..... Busiaeo. 

THURSDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1997 
Hahn University Center. Forums A and B. 6:00 p.m. - 7:30 p.m. 

Our faculty, students. allllMi, and administrators want to meet )'QII 
and provide illjJrmlJtion about OIIr; 

• MaarrorlluuraAdaloailnliao- MIA • M_rollllmlllional Buti_ - MlB 

",-



I • 

18 SPORTS Th~ UCSD quardian Monday, November 24, 1997 

Cross Country Stumbles 
In Bitter Boston Weather 

Run-and-Gun Tritons 
Start Season With Split 

COLD: The Tritons traveled to Boston last Saturday with 
high expectations, but fell short of their goal, finishing 16th 

BEHIND THE ARC: UCSD began its season in Texas at the 
Southwestern University Invitational with a bevy of threes 

By Kevin Mclaughlin 
Co-Associate Sports Editor 

All seven cy linders were firing . The 
well-tuned Triton machine was cruising like 
a fine Cadillac, blowing out the opposition 

in both Conference 
and Regional 
Championships 
with all seven male 
runners performing 
at thel r per~onal 
peaks. 

However. the 
team ran IOtO \ome 

foul weather. When racmg in Boston 10 the 
National Championships, the high-caliber 
engine misfired and the men could' manage 
only a 16th place finish_ 

It was a disappointment for a team that 
had performed so well all season. Though 
the UCSD men 's cross country team had 
never finished higher than eighth in 
Nationals, this year the expel.:tations were 
high. 

After setting numerous personal and 
team records during the regular ~eason, the 
men aimed to improve on the last-p lace fin-
ish of the previous season. Though they did 
improve, the team certainly did nOl reach the 
heights they had hoped for. 

"The entire course was in 4 inches of 
mud." senior Mike Wallace said. "It was one 
of the most insane races ever run. From the 
time we warmed up to the time we finished. 

it rained, hailed and ~nowed, and we got 
wind too. Everything pretty much - except 
the sun." 

West Region Athlete of the Year Neal 
Harder led the way through the muck with a 
time of26:01, good for 32nd place in a field 
of 183 runners and All-American status. 

Veteran Steve Varnell tinished the 8.000 
meters half a minute later in 61 st place. fol -
lowed by freshman sensation James Nieben 
in 78th . 

Senior Gavin Klinger stumbled comi ng 
out of the gates and could never catch uP. 
the opposition trampling on him and the 
Triton hopes. Klinger eventually finished 
142nd with Wallace shortly behind in 147th, 
Franzwa Achie came in next in 157th and 
Kevin Prindiville rounded out the scoring in 
170th place. 

The lone soldier for the women. sopho-
more Amy Kitchen, finished 147th overall 
with a time of 20:33 over 5,000 meters. 

With a number of Tritons running thei r 
best late in the season, it appeared thi s deep 
team had a chance to do so me real damage. 

However, the Nationals field, stacked 
with teams from the East Coast and 
Midwest. proved too deep. 

"Anything ean happen in that big race." 
Wallace said. "It 's one -of the craziesl races 
ever. The best we could have come away , 
with was six th ... [bUll we knew we could 
have done a lot beller. We' re a lot hcller than 
16th in the nation." 

By Kevin Mclaughlin 
Co-Associate Sports Editor 

h 's that marvelous time of year again. 
The splendor of the San Diego autumn is 
upon us. which can only mean turkey time is 

not far away. While some 
may yearn for home-
cooked stuffing and 
mashed potatoes, the 
Triton faithful crave gravy 
of a different sort. Yes. 'tis 
the season for the bUllery-

~mooth arc of the three-
POint shot. 

Following an up-and-
down preseason of scrimmages again~tlocal 
community colleges. the Triton men 's bas-
ketball Icam split a pair of games in the 
Southwestern University Invitational 
Tournament in Austin, Texas. beating 
Concordia University but falling short 
against the hosts of Southwestern, 

The Triton offense looks similar to years 
past, meaning plenty of running and lots of 
shots. the majority of which will be from 
behind the three-point line. 

The season got off 10 a jump-start in the 
first game of the tournament against 
Concordia University. The men shot a dis-
mal 35 percent in the game to 49 percent by 
the Eagles. and were out-rebounded 60-44. 

Though these statistics demand improve-
ment, they are rather deceptive, as-!he 
Tritons took a 60-48 lead at the half and ran 

with it to a 112-95 victory. 
The reason for this deception lies in the 

team's strength: firing from way downtown. 
The men fired up 64 three-point attempts, a 
number that would be astounding for any 
other team. 

However. lacking any legitimate inside 
threat after the graduation of All-American 
center Mall Aune, the Tritons will rely heav-
ily on the deep shot. 

In the first game, guard Adam Libby 
showed no ill effects after returning from a 
season-ending knee injury im:urred last sea-
son; he scored 20 points. 

Forward Mike Wall matched that output 
in only 21 minutes, and led the team with 
eight rebounds. 

Transfers Tyler Garratt and Joel Foote 
swred 17 and IS points respectively, and 
returning guards Mark Sebek and Dan 
Almquist each notched 10. 

In the second game, the Tritons were not 
able to play their usual game against the 
Pirates of Southwestern. Though the Tritons 
led 52-40 at the half. cold shooting in the 
second half proved detrimental, losing 89-
86. 

Forward Sam Higgins emerged from a 
quiet outing in the first game to score 23 
points on 9 of 13 shooting in only 17 min-
utes of play in the second game. 

Point guard Libby scored 13 and fourth-
year swingman Sebek notched II , as only 
three Tritons reached double digits. 

TWO TO GO: we were going to win." Ha vi ng dropped two heart -hreaking games. Whitewater 
looked ... pent as it opened the third. 
The UCSD offen~e continued to 
operate around thc Warhawk block 
and the TritCJI1!> grahbcd an early 
lead. UCSI) conllnul!d to operate 

It~ olfen~e and wrapped up a >potln 
the Final Four With a 15-9 win. 

TRIUMPH: the second half to set up Sunday's ~howdown with William Smilh. 
The Tritons will 
host the Final Four 
Continued from page 15 
attenllon to the outSIUc Ilitter~ and 
put away ... ome IInportant kill ... 

Whitewater wa~ not ahout to 
fold. though, a~ it continued to bat-
tle for pOlnt~ anJ the gaml! 
rem:lIned dO~l! . CI()~e would not hl! 
enough, though. a, the Triton~ held 
on 10 win the rir~t game, 15-13. 

"Winning the lirM game was 
crucial to winillng the match." 
Bender said. " It gave LI S momen-
tum for the rest or the match and 
even tl10ugh we struggled in the 
second game, I had no doubt that 

Winning the ~econd game 
would not be easy for UCSD. a~ the 
Warhawks again jumped out to an 
early lead. 111~t a~ in the previ()u~ 
gallic, the Wilitewatcr hlock wa~ on 
and the Triton~ were lorccd to 
adJu~t their attack. HavlIlg ~olvcLl 
the pU71'1c earlier, the Trlton~ went 
OJck to what Wi" working and ~(l(ln 
lound thcm\Clvc~ IIcd. 

The Trlt(ln~ would necd all 01 
their guts anJ guile a~ they allowed 
Whitewater to get to game point. 
As they ha ve shown all year. 
though, the Tritons perform better 
with their backs against the wall -
they used four huge kills by Bender 
to come back and Meal the second 
game. 

Thl! Tlltom will open the door~ 
of RIMAC '0 the top four te al1l~ 111 
the country ean hattie II out for the 

atlOnal Ch.lInpl()n~h lp . 
" Ho~tlng the Final Four i~ unhc-

lievahle." Noonan said . "We get to 
play in front of our home crowd. 
Playing in front or the crowd really 
fired us up. People in costume and 
constant screaming. it made us 
have run out there." 

Another season, 
another title 
Continued from PIIg. 20 
Dostalek representcd the offense 
a\ .In AII -Tnurney selection. 

UCSD out-shot William Smith 
10-6 and notched as- I cLige in 
l.Onll': l kicks . Johnson linished the 

\ea~\1 n wilh 13 goab and I () 
a"i"'ls In 22 gal1le~ , while 
Hampe anLi Freehurg tied for ~ec ­
onLi on the S4uad with seven 

gmd~ . 
In Saturday's alional 

Semi final again5t Washington 
Universi ty (Mo.). Harispe and 
Christy Abiz~lid found the net in 

Disposable Lens Special * 
$~4 ~At'E~:t,~~~~:'~·~~~~~~P$' ca~ 

kit. Prior AClMJE wecnn not eligibl.lor special discounts. 
Exp. 12/31/97. 

DAILY WEAR EXTENDED WEAR 'IOWI Ey.s ,. 61'..., Hazel 

COMPLETE 2 PAIRS B&L FW 
"AU specials ineluclt len .... ",am, ryocOrt kit ancI follow up vi.it. 

Asligmolic Ion ... higher. Nolvolid with ony oIhtr 01/ ... 

FREE* 
PAIl COlOlrD 

CONTACTS 
'Wi" ~ of any conIocI 
lens podago. W J Frosh IDol 

CcIor t-. Plio 6.00. 

ROBERT HElLER, 0.0. • STEVEN TAYMAN, 0.0. 
CO~A VERDE CENTER F ASIDON VALLEY CENTER 

8650 GE .. SlE AVE. Su. 220 NEAl SAltS FtfTH AVENUE (619)452-7374 (619)295-0537 

After heing outshot 5-3 in the 
rir~t half. UCSD made it 1-0 
when Harispe - on a nln to the 
left post - volleyed home a per-
lect cro!>s from Johnson at the 
61: I 5 m'lrk . 

With ju~t under 10 minute~ to 
play. Abi/.aiLi notched her sixth 
goal of the year. HetlanJ made 
eight ~ave~ to pre~ervc Ihe 

~hutoul. 
There ha~ been blood, ~weat 

and even some tears over the la~ t 
three seasons. but above all . there 
has hcen winni ng. Now it's offi-
cial: UCSD women's socccr will 
forever be remcmbered as a 
dyna~ty. 

TIIA VELER'S DEI'OT 
• DIscount Tnwll PICb 
• TmeiBoob. .... 
: =C::'t::,'iIIl 

~"'PaTOWII, 
TWI Sport SIncIIIs 
RaIn a.r and 
..Ace ..... 

w.· .. ln P8 juIt lIP ... 
...... .,., C-.aIITII¥tI 

II '165 G.I'IIII "". 
483 -1421 

OPEN 7 DAYS A WEEK 

READ 
UCSD 
MONDAYS 

Be 
THURSDAYS 

The Guardian 

, I 
Monday, November 24, 1997 The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 19 

One Goal Separates Tritons From Florida 
SO CLOSE YET ••• : UCSD participated in the Western Water Polo Association Championship Tournament last weekend at 
Redlands, won both Saturday matches and led 5-3 at the start of the second half against UC Davis, but could not hold on 
By Jonah NiIeMon 
Co-Associate Sports Editor 

REDLANDS, Calif. - Imagine 
two finely-sharpened sticks . 
Imagine the process involved in 
honing the stick down to a pointed 
weapon. Now, imagine jamming 
those sticks into your eyes. Not a 

pretty pic-
ture is it ') 

Now 
imagine 
the 
anguish 
the UCSD 
men's 

water polo 
team felt after a narrow 7-6 loss 
yesterday to UC Davis in the 
Western Water Polo Association 
Championship game. The pain was 
not much beller than. well, a sharp 
stick in the eye. 

Fighting for a berth in the 
NCAA Championships in FI. 
Lauderdale. Fla .. UCSD took care 
of the opposition in the first two 
games of the tournament. defeating 
the University of Redlands on 
Friday, 14-8 and the U.S. Air Force 
Academy on Saturday. 7-4. 

Ctaore Schneider/Guardian 
Scannlne: Junior Chris Prioretti looks the pool over and tries to find a friendly Triton to dish the ball to as the defender closes in. 
Adam Bollenbach (WWPA 1997 The two-poi nt lead that the for the Tritons. but so were scored his second. 
All-Association First Team). The Tritons held at the half didn't last turnovers. This gave UCSD time to tie the 
Aggies then snuck one by Triton long when Davis sl.:Ored two goals In addition. UCSD couldn't buy game up. Defensively. the Tritons 
goalkeeper Pat Beemer. The in the third period. Again. Mecham a break. getting unlucky with ShOlS kept the Aggies in check, but could 
Tritons struck again. though, as took it upon himself to keep his that either hit the crossbar or rico- not get anything going on the other 
WWPA MVP Romas Kudirka sent tcam ahead. With two Aggics cling- cheted off the Davis goalie's head. end of the pool. 
one into the net. followed by a goal ing to him. Mecham muscled the "I had a couple of shots that "It was our poor shooting," 

This set the stage in the 
Championship for a matchup simi-
lar to last year's WWPA semifinal 
between UCSD and UC Davis. in 
which the Aggies were victorious. 

from junior Chris Proieui . ball past the Aggie goalie for his were righlthere that barred down." WWPA Coach of the Year Denny 
The second quarter was high- second goal of the day. Bollenbach said. " It was heart- Harper said. "Defensively. giving 

lighted by two Aggie goals that tied Despite the one-point lead at the breaking." up six or seven goals at this level . 
the game. Davis was si lenced. cnd or the third quarter, and the The Aggies tied the game up you are playing pretty good 
however, when sophomore Ross sparse but spiriled Triton faithful with senior Mike GotelJi's second defense. Our offense was just not in 

UCSD got on the board first 
only two minutes into the game 
with a perimeter skip shot from 

Mecham (WWPA 1997 AII - looking on from the bleachers. the goal of the day with 5:28 remaining gear. We could play them tomor-
Association First Team) put away a Tritons could not put the game and went ahead 42 seconds later row and beat them 15-5. I really 
two-pointer. away. Opportunities were rampant when sophomore Kevin Loscotoff believe that." 

c • ., •••• ' W,r,. Curc,. •• 
v4nd [jJ~ 8nItW 

Bola, UCSD! 
Have you visited La Casa yed Pierre and I had 
a lovely lunch there yesterday, and we were 

impressed! Pierre ordered the special of the day: two cheese 
enchiladas, La Casa's famous refried beans, Spanish rice, and 
a soda.The enchiladas were baked to perfection, steaming 
hot. and smothered in a uniquely spicy sauce! And he just 

could not say enough about the refried beans! 
They are spectacularly flavorful and beautifully 
presented with cheddar and jack cheese 
shredded on top. He also loved the Spanish 
rice, It is extraordinarily zesty and totally 
authentic! You absolutely must try it! 

I went wild with two carne asada tacos and 
a plate of quesadillas. The tacos are my favorite 
meal at La Casa, They're made with tender beef 
and a tangy guacamole salsa, and wrapped in a 
fresh com tortilla. With a side of sour cream, 
they are dreamy! And those quesadillas are incredible. too! 
Nowhere else can you find com tortillas overflowing with so 
much jack cheese! And where else do you find such great 
ambiancer La Usa is festive and comfortable, the service is 
unbelievable. and best of all, the friendly staff bring your food 
right to your table! If you haven't tried La Casa yet, you are 
missing out on the most authentic Mexican cuisine on campus! 
So get up and get over to La Casa for some yummy food right 
now! 

NOONER 
In th. 

PRICE 
PlAZA 

-

-

-

-

... 



, . 

~ 

20 SPORTS 

MJJNte ,.'t MYfI*t6 
.".", .Ith ."",IIIt 

u6IY. b • ...tt., IIf '.ct, 
""",.'t MytIt/It6-1 

.Ith be"., ullY - .. ,." .. 
,08 'r. MCC.""". • - Lou Holtz 

TRI 
TITLE 

The UCSD Guardian 

Regional Final 

National Semifinal 

National Final 

Monday, November 24, 1997 

Univ. of Chicago 

Gustavus Adolphus (Minn.) 3-1 
Mary Washington (Va.) 2-1 

-

Washington (Mo.) 2-0 
William Smith (N.Y.) 1-0 

TOURNAMENT OFFENSIVE MVP 

L8uren Johnson, F 

All-TOURNAMENT TEAM PlAYE RS 

Cindy DostaIek, F 

J ....... H ... pe,MF 

Marlcela Oce.,.ra, D 

LOSS FOR WORDS: The achievement of the UCSD women's soccer team Sunday was one for 
the ages, establishing the women's program as the most dominant in Division III soccer history 

UCSD Hosts 
Volleyball 
Final Four! 

By Sean Rahlml 
Senior Staff Writer 

Three ·trikes and you're ouI. No, that's not 
il. How about: three's a crowd. No, that 's not it 
either. What about: third time's a charm. Yeah, 

that's the ticket. 
Actually, it really 
doesn't mailer 
which dichc you 
prefer, the point is 
that the UCSD 
women's soccer 
team is awesome, 
spectacular, domi-
nant and now 

three-time defending champions. 
The Tritons successfully defended their 

1995 and 1996 championships with a I-a 
shutout over William Smith College (N.Y.) in 
the NCAA Final yesterday at Elizabethtown 
College, Pa. With the win, UCSD becomes the 
first team in the 12-year history of the tourna-
ment to win three consecutive national champi-
onships. 

"This whole tournament has been tough ," 
MOM Outstanding Offensive Pla~er Lauren 
Johnson said. "Every game has been close, 
every team that we've played has been out to 
get us and we just had to step up another notch 
to get through. But we've been there, we've 
done it, we know what it takes; our formula 
keeps working." 

The senior forward from Point Lorna High 
School provided all the offense the Tritons 
would need on Sunday, '>coring the game\ lone 

goal in the 20th minute of play. 
After William Smith netminder Suzanne 

Willard punched a save over the cross-bar, 
Johnson curved the winning shot from the left 
corner toward the ncar pOSI. Willard could only 
manage to get a hand on the curving shot, 
deOel.:ting it into the net to give UCSO a 1-0 
lead. 

It was the first goal William Smith (18-4) 
had allowed in 857 minutes over a span of 
eight-and-a-half games. 

Set plays have been UCSO's forte in 1997, 
with Johnson combining with senior sweeper 
Beth Freeburg for goals on numerous occasions 
from the comer nags. Set plays were also the 
key in West Regional action, as the Tritons 
used them to defeat University of Chicago and 
Gustavus Adolphus. 

"Set plays win you the big garnes, that's 
what we have preached all year long," Triton 
Head Coach Brian McManus said. "The set 
plays arc the plays that count. In the big garnes, 
the two teams are so good and so evenly 
matched that it takes something a bit different, 
a bit special and [Johnson 's] been doing it for 
four years . 

"This year's the first year we've really had 
to deal with injuries. It just shows the kind of 
kids that arc in thi s program. There's ju t no 
way they were going to let anything get to them 
and they did it all year." 

The Tritons' so lid defense proved to be 
impenetrahle onl.:e again, not allowing a goal in 
the 180 minutes of Final Four play. 

Jennifer Hetland made three saves to record 

Claire Schneider/Guardian 
Glee: Cindy Dostalek (right) and Shelbi 
Thiele celebrate another Championship. 

UCSO" 16th shutout of the year on Sunday, 
including a point-hlank stop on William 

mith's Jessica Smith only minutes after the 
Tritons took the lead. 

Freeburg and defenders Mancela Oceguera 
and J:lIline Harbpe were chosen for the All-
Tournament team, while freshnlan Cindy 

See TRIUMPH, Page 18 

By TravIs Hili 
Sports Editor 

Though most UCSD sports 
teams have had to hit the road in 
the postseason, one team has 
remained here for its entire playoff 
run - the women's volleyball 
team. It rolled through the West 
Regionals at RIMAC Arena. The 
team also won the Quarter!inal 
match here last Saturday night. 

(SEE STORY, PAGE 15) 
The UCSD fall sports have been 

unbelievable in ' 97 - they have all 
made the postseason! 

Two weeks ago, UCSD was not 
selected to host the women 's soccer 
Final Four - a very controversial 
decision. So, the Tritons had to go 
to Pennsylvania to win their third 
straight National Championship. 

The NCAA couldn't slight 
UCSD on two different occasions, 
could it? 

o. The call carne last night and 
there is good news in Tritonville: 
UCSD will host the 1997 Division 
III women's volleyball National 
Championship! 

The dates are Dec. 5 through 6, 
RIMAC is the place. Be there! 

COL( 


