
h.:::Jt.·~ 
Boalt Hall to End 
QPA Weighting 
BERKELEY - Faculty 
members at the Boalt Hall 
law school at UC Berkeley 
voted last week to end the 
l5-year-old practice of 
weighing grade-point aver-
ages during the admissions 
process. The policy inflated 
the GPAs of students from 
prestigious private 'chools 
while lowering those of stu-
dents from less prestigious 
schools. Recent complaints 
from students have pushed 
the school to end the policy. 
Officials said the practice 
was intended to account for 
the fact that some schools put 
their students through more 
rigorous study than others. 

- The Daily Californian 

President May Face 
Recall Election 
SOUTH BEND, Ind. - A 
petition currently circulating 

·at the University of Notre 
Dame is calling for the 
removal of Student Union 
President Mall Griffin . Citing 
incompetence, negligence and 
mismanagement a<; reasons 
for Griffin's removal , senior 
Jeremy Lingenfelscr needs 15 
percent of the student body to 
sign the petition in order to 
have the recall election. rf he 
garners the needed signatures, 
the election could he held 
within the next two weeks. 
"We, as ~t udents , should not 
be emharrassed by someone 
who is in the office of'student 
body president," Lwgenfelser 
said. "With this petitIOn. I am 
trying to send a mes-;age to 
the rest of the student body 
because many of them feel 
the same way I do." 

- The Observer 

Student Claims 
Discrimination 
ANN ARBOR, Mich. -
Barbara Gruller is suing the 
University of Michigan Law 
School; alleging that the school 
discriminated against her in the 
admissions process by giving 
preference to racial minority 
students. Gruller, a white 
female who graduated from 
Michigan State University in 
1978 with a 3.81 GPA, applied 
to the law school in Dec. 1996 
and was denied admission. 
Grutter claims that she suffered 
economic damages from being 
rejected. A similar lawsuit IS 
pending for undergraduate 
admissions. University 
President Lee Bollinger 
defends the law school's poJJcy 
as constitutional and said that 
the ~uit will not aid altcmp~ 
underway to eliminate affimJa-
tlve action in the statl' 

- The Michigall Daily 

.. You shou.ld say 'To 
Hell with Spanish,' 'To 
Hell 'rvilh music,' 'To 
Hell 'rvith PE.' You dOll 't 
do anything until that 
kid can read and 
write." 

- BrIan Bllbray 
u.s. Representative 

OR 

Spike It 
The Guardian previews upcoming winter 
movies and takes a look at all the other kooky 
and crazy holiday traditions that we love 

NCAA Women's Volleyball 
Final Four comes to 
U CSD this weekend 

Special Section, page 11 Sports, page 28 

T H I u c 5 D 

UC SAN DIEGO THURSDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1997 VOLUME 92, ISSUE 20 

DUbray VISits Campus and Talks to Students 
TOUR: Politician tours 
KidSat control room 
and m~ets Sally Ride 
By Terry Lew 
Senior Staff Writer 

U.S . Representative Brian 
Bilbray, R-San Diego, pun yams 
about politics, policy and his child-
hood in Imperial Beach before 
about 30 students at a roundtable 
luncheon Tuesday. 

By way of introduction, Bilbray 
discussed what led him into poli-

tics. He left school when he was 
offered an acting job on the east 
coast and when that fell through, he 
went south to Florida. 

"I cut my hair off, shaved my 
beard off and tried to get Disney to 
hire me," Bilbray said. "They were 
pretty redneck back then." 

After Disney rejected him, 
Bilbray returned to Imperial Beach 
and was hired as a lifeguard. He 
grew tired of what he described as 
persistent drug use around the 
Imperial Beach pier and vowed to 
do something about it. 

"I tried to get the kids to under-
stand that not all cops were pigs, 
and the cops to understand that not 
all kids were pukes," he said. 

Bilbray decided he liked com-
munity activism, and announced 

. his candidacy for the Imperial 
Beach city council. He won. 

"Within two years, all of the 
estahlished politicians had been 
thrown out and I was mayor of the 
city," he said. " It's all neen down-
hill from there. I never did get that 
acting job." 

When Muir senior Mei -Hua Gee 

asked what Bilbray thought of the 
sad state of California's schools, 
which were recently ranked the 
third worst in the nation in a Los 
Angeles Times study, Bilbray 
replied that "well-intentioned legis-
lators in Sacramento" were respon-
sible. 

The 1960s brought bilingual 
education to the classroom, as well 
as entirely new classes in health, 
art, music and physical education. 

"In my six. years of elementary 
education, I watched one new class 

See BILBRAY, Page 8 

Politician Breaks Bread With Undergraduates 

AJIysOn Wilco~/Guardlan 
Food: Rep. Brian Bilbray, D-San Diego, (2nd right) lunched with students, including A.S . President Souley Diallo (right), at Muir's Sierra 
Summit restaurant on Tuesday. The group discussed how Bilbray began his political career and the high quality of UCSD's academics. 

UCSD Marks World AIDS Day With Panel Discussion 
TALK: Group di cu ses 
homelessne sand 
AIDS/HIV 
By Tabitha Granshaw 
Senior Staff Woter 

As part of AID .-\warene~~ 
Week, the UCSD Women\ Ccnter 
hosted a panel Monday entitled 
"Women and HIV/AIDS." 

The panel included Marie 
Pedrin-Gizoni, who is involved in 
PAcrO, an organization that assists 
Latinos who have AIDS or are HlV 

positive; Elila Sobo, an anthropol-
ogist who works at the UCSD 
Cancer Prevention and Control pro-
gram; and Laura Stanley, a gradu-
ate student of anthropology . 

One tO piC discus ed was !.afe 
sex. or the lack thereof. Sobo aid a 
lack of funds is often an obstacle to 
women practicing safe scx. in their 
rclationship~, however, some of the 
obstacles arc emotional. 

"I have a man, and he's loyal to 
me and I trust him and therefore, if 
I'm using condoms, I'm telling him 
I don't trust him," Sobo said, 

deSCribing the attitude of many 
women in relationships. 

The discussion also touched 
upon the topic of AIDS, HlV and 
homelcssnes~ . 

"Two years ago, when a home-
less person walked intO [the] AIDS 
Foundation, they wouldn't have 
them in there because they would-
n' t want to deal with the problems 
they brought in," Pedrin-Gizoni 
said. 

Pedrin-Gizoni also mentioned 
problems associated with dealing 
with the homeless. 

"One of the biggest i sues thai's 
occurring right now in the HIV 
community is addressing the needs 
of homeless people.. . at least 85 
percent have drug or alcohol prob-
lems, probably clo~e to that number 
have ~ome type of medical disor-
der. .. no one wants to work wllh 
that popUlation," she said. 

Karin Bonwilt, .I student worker 
member at the Women 's Center, 
aid heterosexual women with HIV 

or AIDS are sometimes reluctant to 
seek help because many of the 

See AIDS, Page 10 



2 NEWS 

Finally It's Finals 
AII-Campu. Study Are •• 
Social Sciences and Humanities Library 
Fri. : 8 a.m. to midnight; Sal.: 10 a.m. to midnight; Sun .-Thurs.: 8 
a.m . to midnight: Fri ., Dec. 12: 8 a.m. to 7 p.m. 

Science and Engineering Library 
Fri.: 8 a.m. to 6 p.m.: Sal. : 10 a.m. to 6 p.m.; Sun .: 10 a.m. to 
11 :45 p.m.; Mon.-Thurs.: 8 a.m. to 11 :45 p.m.: Fri .. Dec. 12: 8 
a.m. to 6 p.m. 

Undergraduate Library 
Fri.: 9 a.m . to 8:45 p.m.; Sat.: I I a.m. to 8:45 p.m. 
Sun.: I p.m. to II :45 p.m .: Mon.-Thurs.: 9 a.m. to II :45 p.m. 
Fri., Dec. 12: 9 a.m. to 8:45 p.m. 
Special eXLended hours in South Study Room only 
Dec. 5-11 : Midnight to 3 a.m. 

Price Center Library Lounge 
Sun.-Fri .: Midnight to 6 a.m. Free coffee will be provided. 

Student Center Modular Offices Study Lounge 
located on 2nd floor 
Mon.-Fri .: 5 p.m. to II p.m. Free coffee will be provided. 

College-Sponsored Study Bre.k. 
Sun., Dec. 7: All students arc invited to a pizza study break on 
Library Walk at 6 p.m. Three slices of pizza and a drink for only 
$1 . Sponsored by ICRA. 

Revelle College 
Thurs., Dec. 4: Language tables will be set up at Plaza Cafe dur-
ing dinner time for those who would like to practice for their for-
eign language finals . 
Sal., Dec. 6: "Power of Onc" will be shown at 9 p.m. in Why Not 
Here? African food will be served. 
Sun., Dec. 7 through Thurs., Dec. I I : The Residence Hall 
Association will be holding its burnout center beginning at 9 p.m. 
in Why Not Here? 

Muir College 
Sat., Dec. 6: A midnight breakfast of ice cream will be served at 
Sierra Summit from 9:30 to II p.m. Slide shows of fall quarter 
will also be shown. Muir students only. 
Sun., Dec. 7 through Thurs .. Dec. II: The Sequoia Room and 
Sierra Summit will be open from 8 p.m. to midnight. 

Marshall College 
Mon .• Dec. 8: Midnight pancake breakfast will be served from 
I I :30 p.m. to 12:30 a.m. at Ocean View Terrace. 
Tues .• Dec. 9: Enjoy "South Park" and cereal at Oceanview 
Terrace from 8 p.m. to 10 p.m. Marshall .... tudenrs only. 

Warren College 
Fri.. Dec. 5 through Sat., Dec. 6: Enjoy the play "I am Santa 
Claus" in the Yosemite Room. Showings on Fri. at 8 p.m. and II 
p.m and on Sat. at 8 p.m. . 
Thurs., Dec. II: The Theater Guild is carolling in the lK. Wood 
Lounge at 7 p.m. 

Roosevelt College 
Mon .• Dec. 8: Decorate a gingerbread person at Afric .. Hall from 
9to II p.m.· 
Wed .. Dec. 10: "Animal House" will be shown in Latin America 
Hall from 8 to 10 p.m. Free dnnh will be served, 
Thurs .. Dcc. I I: M .. kc your own pillas In Asia Hall from 8 to 10 
p.m. Roosel'e/t s/Ildellls olll, 

Correction: . 
In the Mon. , Dec. I anicle "Interfraternity Council Expels Delta 

Sigma Phi Fraternity," only live fralernities filed grievances with the 
Interfraternity Council Judicial Board. 

Tfl6 UCSD Guardian Is PUOlisneo MOndays ana T~urSdays aunnR the academoc 
year by and for Itl<! students ot ueso. Reproducllon ot this newspaper In any 

~r~99;~:t~~h~ ;:~~~ ~~~DW~~::s~r!~~e~:n:~I~lrot;~lr~~~~n 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday. December 4. 1997 

ETCETERA •.• 
THE NORM By Michael Jantze 

Tile ASlT (7 
IILOWtl'l6 

SOMeONe OFF ... 

BRIEFLY ••• 

T\4e SUCK PReSS IS 
~ eSsetmlL . IT IS 

oaVlOO$LY fWHCT!'at. 
I'NtTies CIt OINNeR OUT. 

) 
~r IT'S M.SO 85'11 TO 
~eSSoIUte. GO TO TIle 
OPKl at GO SMOI'f'ING. 

) 

UCS» Hosts NCAA Final Four 
UCSD will host the NCAA Division III Women's 

Volleyball Championship tomorrow and Saturday at 
the RIMAC Arena. 

UCSD head coach Duncan McFarland has led the 
team to a 25-5 record. The team is ranked third 
nationally and has won 21 games in a row. 

UCSD will face off against No. 8 Central College 
(Iowa) Friday at 7:30 p.m. 

No.2 Washington University (Mo.) will play No. 
I Juniata College (Pa.) at 4:30 p.m. on Friday. 

On Saturday. UCSD will play in either the cham-
pionship match at 7:30 p.m., or the third-place match 
at 4:30 p.m. 

The nationally-recognized UCSD Pep Band will 
perform at UCSD's Saturday match. 

Tickets for the matches are $5 general admission, 
$3 students and $2 children'under 12. The RlMAC 
box office will open at 3 p.m. on bolh days. For more 
information, ca ll 534-42 I I . . 

UCSD Receive. Grant to Support 
Alcohol Awareness on Campus 

The U.S. Department of Educallon ha.' ..lward~d 
UCSD a two-year grant worth nearl) $ I 90.000 in an 
effon to pr mote ~tuden t alcohol .lwarel1\:~~ anJ 
related health and safety i~sues. 

The funds will suppon a cump;lIgn called "Flve 
Colleges - One Community" to gather ~Iudent feed-
back about alcohol u~e and to promotc alcohol 

awareness facts and issues. UCSD will use several 
media outlets, including a home page on the Internet. 
e-mail messages. UCSD-TV and the Guardian. 

The campaign was spe.arheaded by Lupe 
Samaniego-Kraus, health education director, and 
Nancy Wahlig. director of the Student Safety 
Awareness Program. 

The program will advertise messages regarding 
alcohol use and will includc extensive surveys across 
campus to assess students' views of alcohol and 
drugs. 

The grant will support a full -time project coordi-
nator and six student associates. 

Profe •• or Win. Pre.ldentlal 
Prize for Work In Mathematics 

Assistant Professor Katherine Okikiolu was hon-
ored in a White Hou e ceremony on Nov. 3 with Ihe 
Presidential Early Career Award for Scientists and 
Engineers. She was recognt7Cd for her efforts in 
mathematic and ftlr aidrng mn~r-cit)< chi ldren 

Ol..iklolu has heen rc\ean::hmg th~ "'flCctral dcter-
mmant" of a drum - a numbt:r obtamed bv muhipl) -
Jr),\! .111 the indiVIdual ~(lund pitches of .1 drum not(o. 

Tn ncr work with inrieHlt\ children. Oklklolu I~ 
developing a senes of VIdeos depicting teaching 
lessons that emphasize real-world perspectille~ -
Including hands-on aCllvlties such as designing 
model dwellings and bridges and mending bicycles. 

GENEVIEVE COX. Fearures EdItor 
JESSICA SCHEPPMANN. Associate Features Ed,tor 

MEGAN KLEIN . OPinIon EdItor 

DfSION!."S: Kgn Friedman Nick Runco 
COMPUnR SUPPORT: Marcus loOO,a 
ADVERTISING ASSISTANT; Yvetle Alcala 

JESSrCA WALlACE. AsSOCIate OpmlOn EdItor 
TRAVIS HIlL, Sports Cdlto' 

JONAH NISENSON. Co-ASSOCIate Sports Edllor 
K£VlN MclAUGHUN. Co-ASSOCIate Sports Cdltor 

ILONA FAIS. Co-Hiatus EdItor $Con YAGER. Co-Hlotus EdItor 
CLAIRE SCHNEIDER. Ptloto Editor 

BRENDAN CAHIlL, Graphics EditOf 
WALT DICKINSON, DeSign EdItor 

CIRCIiLATION ASSliTANTS: PMp Goloman . !.e,o Gros.. Todd Housloo. Ke",n 
Kalan. Grt~ Llttl( 
ADVER'nSINC REPR[5ENTAnvq: ""drew Hor •• 

ANN IIAREFlELO. Bvsmess Manager 
MIKE MARTINEZ. AdvertiSing Att DIrector 

JOE pjIIN. AdVertIsing DesIgn oS Layout 
JOHN BARBER. AdverUsing Desigrt oS LayovI 

CHERYL IASTO, Assistant BUSiness Manager of unsolicited manuscripts or ar1 . The views expressed herein do not necessarily 
represent tne opinIOns Of Tfl6 UCSD G_Olan. the unlver$lty of California or the 
.... socrated Sludents, The UCSD Guardian Is tunded solely by adVertiSing 
Uncle Wan - we miss your brilliance. but we 51111 nlMl your frolen head IIIITOIIIAL _TANT: Enlta Snloer News/ Features: 534-5226. General Edltoflat : 534-6581 Oprnoon/Sports: 534-6582. Hiatus : 534-6583 

.t.ctwertislrc Offlce: 534-3466. Fax: 534-7691 
e-mail : lIuardlan4Pucsd.edu 

TEItIlY ...w. Editor In Chief 
JONAH ""aDMAN. C~/tf1B1lrw Edllor 

/allACI JAM. Co-Manllf/ltW EdJtor 
TUITHA IlRAlllSHAW. Copy Cdttor 

JULIA KUlLA MADIIt. Co-News Editor 
IIYAN O&.IC*. ~ Editor 

LIIJIIA "'''''ICAIt. Associate News Editor 

_ 1TAfJ' __ : lindsay Hams. Ma<y HUinS. Laur. Knlihten. Sean 
Rahl"'. eMlto"".r SChreiber. S .. "" Wlisn. E.tner Voon 
.TAn _ITIIII: Roc"", SWI. Eric SrKe ...... c_ •. Paul DodCe. Senr. Han. 
Elaine Jonnlon. Kaco. Jun" MItIhew Kalinowski. Aimee Mackay. An.am 
Manthlnom. Adnl McClain. SanI MooUYi. Jenny Nicholson. EMn Piri",. Chri,"na 
Rhudy. Kavltl Sodana. Sara Snyder. Quyen Tu. S. J8\I8n WYlai. ~.i Vane 
II.UIIl1IATOII: Joe AncJulo 

~: 00 .... Mss. Andrew C""n. u.. Hulf. Monika Kobytecka. 
DIMd LubiU. DavId POll. Chrtstopher Syt.ester. Mendra Welker. 111"1011 WIlcox 

Guardian Onlone: http://_ ucsd.edu/guardian/ 
UCSD Guardian, 9500 Gilman Drive 0316, 

La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 
J\ctu1i1OC.oon: Second Floor. UCSO Studenl Cent., BuIIdrC ·A·. Rm. 217 

Thursday. December 4. 1997 The UCSD Guardian NEWS 3 

HOPE Scholarships to Benefit 
Families with College Students 
MONEY: Parents and 
students can claim tax 
credits for college 
By Jenny Nicholson 
Senior Staff Writer 

President Clinton's new HOPE 
scholarship program will make 
tuition costs a little easier for many 
UCSD students and their parents. 
The program provides parents and 
independent students with the oppor-
tunity to claim tax credits to help 
cover out-of-pocket tuition expenses. 

There are two possible tax cred-
its. The first , the HOPE Credit, is 
designed to help with luition costs 
for the first two years of college. 

The program provides a credit 
of up to $1,500 per year, applicable 
only to tuition costs. The credit can 
be claimed for each qualified stu-
dent, regardless of how many stu-
dents are in the family. 

A second program is the 
Lifetime Learning Credit. This is a 
tax credit of up to $1,000 per year, 
which can be claimed for every year 
in school. However, regardless of 

how many students are in the fami-
ly, the Lifetime Learning Credit will 
provide each tax filer with no more 
than the $1.000 maximum credit. 

Both credits cannot be applied to 
the tuition costs of the same student 
in a single tax year. On the other 
hand. the two credits can be claimed 
on the same return for di Iferent qual-
ifying students in the same family. 

"[The lax credits) will affect just 
about ellery sLUdent at UCSD who 
is eligible." said Richard Backer. 
UCSD assistant vice chancellor for 
enrollment management. '1'he pro-
gram will help both middle and 
low-income families ." 

Credits are subtracted directly 
from the taxes people owe. 
Deductions. on the other hand. are 
subtracted from incomes before 
taxes are calculaled. 

There are limits to eligibility for 
the tax credits. First, the tax credits 
can only be given to students 
whose scholarships do not cover all 
of their tuition. 

Second, eligibility is reduced on 
a sliding scale. For single filers, the 
amount of the credit is reduced for 

taxpayers with adjusted gross 
incomes between $40,000 and 
$50.000 per year. The reduction for 
joint filers applies to taxpayers wiLh 
adjusted gross incomes between 
$80.000 and $100.000 pel year. 

Also. taxpayers must ha c 
incomes high enough so that their 
tax liability is utleast as large as the 
credit. The- income level required 
for the HOPE credit is about 
$16.000 for single filers and 
$21.000 for joint fllers_ 

The final eligibility requirement 
for the credits is that students can-
not have been convicted for the 
possession or di stribution of a con-
trolled substance. 

Staning this year, there will be a 
section the tax returns for filers to 
claim the credits. Also. universities 
will provide lists of eligible stu-
dents to the Internal Revenue 
Service. 

The tax credits will go into 
effect next year. 

For more information on the 
HOPE scholarship program. con-
tact Student Financial Services at 
(6 19) 534-3263. 

Off.r. eoocI wtth "oupon only. 

NOw E ROLLING: SAN DIEGO'S #1 COURSE FOR THE 

Serving the UCSD pre-medical community since 1985 

* M.D.'s TRAINING M.D.'s-OF-THE-FUTURE * 
• INTENSIVE MeAT prcparalion & medical school applrcatlonl 

udmi,:, ion, JS~lstance arc all" (' do! 
• MCA], EXPERTS: an independenl prognrm laughl by UeSD-tr:llncd 

academic M.D.'s. lOp M.D.- Ph ,D. c.mdldates. & Englrsh Departmcnt 
Ph.D. faculty . 

• ORIGINATOR, not simulal"r. 01 imcn,ivc MC AT prep III 5'1'1 Dleg\). 

UCSD Wins Music Awards 
• 13 WEEKS (150+ hours) 01 dCI.llled in-da:,; inslrucllon & rc.ll MeAT 

testing. problem solving. rcadmg/\Hiling work-hop,. revle", group'. 
med >chool applicalioll & Jd llm~lOn\ \lr:llegies. & IUlOnng. 

SOUND: Department 
travels to Greece for 
international meeting 
By VIncent Gragnanl 
Staff Writer 

Eighteen musicians from the 
UCSD music department attended 
the International Computer Music 
Conference in Thessaloniki , 
Greece, this Septcmber. During Ihe 
annual conference, 29 works by 
UCSD music faculty, sludcnts and 
alumni were featured. 

"UCSD is on the cutting edge of 
computer-music work," said 
Bonnie Harkins, concen manager 
for UCSD's Depanment of Music. 

Harkins said UCSD has a long 
history of involvement in computer 
music, going back to the early 
1970s when very few universities 
had compuler-musie programs. 
Due to this long history, UCSD stu-

What makes 
a woman 

say "yes"? 
We know at least one 

answer to that. 

Renaissance Towne Center 
(across from UTC) 

8915 Towne Centre Drive 
Suite 114 

(619) 677-9700 

dents are able to focus more on the 
music rather than on the tech nolo-
gy. 

"We are beyond just making the 
gadgets work," Harkins said. 

According to Harkins , it is this 

puter and released in altered form 
almost immediately. UCSD gradu-
ate student Michael Theodore com-
posed one of the pieces featured at 
the conference. His 13-minute 
piece. "Hilbert's Caverns," was 

strong program that 
ha~ enabled UCSD 
to excel in the 
worldwide arena of 
com pu t er-Ill us ic 
development. 

"UCSD Is on the 
cutting edge of 
computer music 

played by student 
percussionrst Dave 
Shively. 

Theodore said 
he con~ider~ 
UCSD to be among 
the best institulions 
when it comes to 

work." 
The 29 works 

presented at the 
conference III 

- Bonnie Harkins 
Concert manager 

Greece were elected following a 
juried competition with more than 
500 scores and tapes submilled 
from around the world . 

Although there are many types 
of computer music, the conference 
focused on interactive music. 
Through interactive computer 
music, sounds from a regular 
instrument are processed by com-

computer music . 
"Perfonnances by UCSD perform-
ers were outstanding and among 
the overall highlights of the con-
cert," he said. 

Theodore said thai UCSD repre-
sentatives were featured in almost 
every concen and that people at the 
conference were aware of the high 
quanlity and quality of UCSD 

See GREECE, Page 10 

• 2500 PAGES of original ta~c-home revt~w notc~ . reading & wrlling 
>tudy~uldcs. MCAT & .Iumi"'<l'b ,Imlcgy handoUiS. prohlem 'Ch. & 
MCAT-qualily limed praclll:e exam, 

• REAL MCAT TESTING lor rn-dm & lake-home practice 
• DIRECT CONTACT with young lIeSD d()c~ & mcd , ludell". 
• TUTORING, premcd IIhrary & mcd "h"ol "ppllcmmll help included. 
• ON CAMPUS allhe lICSD . chol.1 01 Medicine. 
• $200 LESS Ihan oliler W Uf\C ' 

AFTER-Slx months I.t., 

ABotIT DR. GEORqE ••• 
Dr. CIIorglirh hila been 

IItYIng .... UC8D CCIIIIIIIUnIlf tor 
CMI' ,. ,..... He II • fI'I\CIuIIa 
of tile NftCMIIId 'MIa ""'""'" 
IcIIooI 01 DIntIIfrr In tIoeton, 
1M end hila dnoI ........ l1li 
he II .. tile a.fronI of .,. ... , 
............ 111 
cIIntIItry. 

....~ Dr. George 
....~pIIIent ••• 
hie ..... II on IncIIvIcIuII, 
genUe, .............. To 
....... 1II\aIouIneI8 .. ..... 

10% discount ............ time ...... In .. ...... room. .... l11111111 ... ..... ....., ........ ......... for maIInum 0CIIIIt0rt. 
on all general dentistry & orthodontic services. 

(With mention of this ad.) • Generall CoemetIc DentIItry 
• 0 .... Surgery 30% OFF Teeth Whitening ::=-

Call for a GEORGE C. GEORGAKLIS D.D.S. 
. ,Ste 240 

• 



4 OPINION 

EDITORIALS 
Editorial Board 

Terry &..w, Editor In Chief 
JonM FreecIINn, Co-Managing Editor 

Me .... Klein, Opinion Editor 
Ryen 01_, Co-News Edilor 

JuU. Kull .... ...." Co-News Edllor 

IN UCSD ~lff1oiJ11 IS ~IIShed twICe • ~k III the lJrIrversrty of Ce'doou. San 0<10. Con~ents 
Cl991 "led eunnecJ net! '" reoresent tJle rr.omy Yale 0( the eclltOf'aI boatd, If"(1lfe no1 nee· 

eUff ty ' ''lOse 01 ,PIe UC BowCl of Relents. t.ne ASVCSO. nor the er·t.,! ~/'CII'" sllff 

Grateful for Parking 
Structure After Long Wait 

Last month, the UC Regents opened their ears and 
responded to the UCSD community 's demand for 
more parking by approving the construction of a $20 
million, six-level parking structure on top of what is 
now a collection of run-down repair shops. 

Be grateful, students - you will now be able to 
park somewhat closer to your classes - though not 
too grateful, because a majority of the new spaces are 

. not yours. 
Those prime spots. located at the heart of campus, 

will be primarily designated for visitor and faculty 
parking with approximately 375 student paces sprin-
kled in for good measure. 

It i certain that the new spaces will relieve at least 
sdme parking problems for students. In addition to 
the new student spaces in the structure, we hope that 
at least some of the old visitor and faculty spaces will 
be replaced , with yellow ones. 

Although the relief is much appreciated, a major 
question remains: "Why wasn't this approved sooner?" 

Vociferous complaints have been rising up the uni-
versity totem pole for quite some time, but previous-
ly fell on deaf ears. 

We express our disappointment that the regents 
reacted at a snail's' pace to a pr9blem affecting most 
UCSD students. UCSD, although located fanhest 
from the site of the monthly regents' meetings in San 
Francisco, is till the third largest university in the 
UC system. When we cry for help, it is the regents' 
duty to act promptly. 

Ode to UCSD Parking 
Parking our cars at UCSD 

Is something we do without any glee. 
The spaces are so far away, 

And getting farther every day. 
The regents have heard our hoots and our hollers ' 

So they've approved a new structure 
worth 20 million dollars. 

Thank you, oh regents, for solving our problem, 
Every space will be full, 

From the top to the. bottom. 
Why did it take so long to hear us? 

Perhaps because you meet nowher~ near us? 
Transportation and Parking S~rvices we implore, 

About visitor spaces, 
Do we really need more? ' 

Will old green spaces be taken away, 
£0 student cars might park all day? 

Props and Flops 

~ Congratulations to the UCSD Women's Soccer team for conquering all competition in Division HI for the third year in a row. Next stop, Division II championships! 
The San Diego Metropolitan Tra~Si ,t~. 

Authority has finally completed the trolley Ime . n 
to Qualcomm Stadium. Everyone be sure to go . 
out and show your team spirit! ' 

D'oh! Guy Branum, of Berkeley'S Daily 
Californian, exhi.bitCd poor taste and stupidity in 
his "Chclseafuckers" commentary. Did you 
think the Secret Service would miss it? 
~ , "", ~ "" + 'tt~'W~ 

• ... ')I/., ... , ", ' ... :::-~ : ~ 
\' '. ~j; , " " '\, -, • " • 

~ 
"N '. " , ~ 

> > 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday. December 4. 1997 

PINI N 

IFC JUDICIAL BOARD DECISION 
LACKS FORESIGHT FOR OTHERS 

COMMENTARY: The decision to expel the Delta Sigma' Phi fraternity and force 
out the Sigma Alpha Epsilons will ultirrtately harm the rest of the Greek System 

C H R I 5 If one culled the pages of the Guardian, read the "emergency" edict 
SCHREIBER passed by the Panhellenic Association after hearing exactly zero testimony or 

evidence from involved parties or just 
My Biased Opinion ' heard the gossip mill around the Price 

Center, one learned all about the 
It is not a big secret that the UCSD "gang-style" activity in which DSP 

campus is, in general, hostile toward had supposedly been participating. 
its Greek system. The administration However, like most hearsay, this is 
is, at best, indifferent toward the sys- pure horse manure. 
tem as a whole, and has, in the past, On the evening of the incident that 
seemed to be actively antagonistic served as the catalyst for DSP's prose-
toward certain chapters. cution, there were two altercations 

Although some students could care With the story as It between members of DSP and SAE. 
less, the icy stares a fraternity or soror- stands, "gang.style" The first was a fight involving one 
ity member receives when wearing let- member of DSP and one. of SAE 'that 
ters into places such' as Groundwork activity In which the transpired at the intersection ' of 
Bool<s or the Grove Caff~ belie any' D~Ps supposedly , Nobel and Genes~e. The second 
sense of campus community imagined. 'involved a group of SAEs and alum-

In such a climate, one would engaged i. not ni bealing up two members of DSP 
assume that the individual chaplers evident. However, who had been present during, but 
within the Greek system would unify other luues that who had not participa.,ted in, the pre-
to create a strong, central organization vious altercation. 
that would work to harness the came out In the Neither of those incidents seems 
resources available to the 10 percent of proce .. seem to shed , to imply "gang-style" activity on the 
the student population it represents. part of DSP. The first was a one-on-
This organization would consolidate more light on the true one fight, which, although it 'should 
advantages a~d work to advance the problem not have occurred, was contained 
status of each of its members. , . between two individuals. It was obvi-

Predictably and unfortunately, this the bandwagon of .rash conclusions ousl)" not a gang-style rumble. As to 
has ' not been the case with . the and panic surrounding recent incidents the second, unless being beaten to 
Interfraternity Council (£FC) in recent involving me\TIbers of the Sigma near unconsciousness implies "gang-
memory. Alpha Epsilon (SAE) and Delta Sigma style" activity, it would nO.t seem th'at 

P.sythological studies have shown Phi (DSP) fraternities. . the DSP members had done anything 
that when people are divided into dif- The Judicial Board - after a pro- wrong. 
ferent groups, they become suspicious ' ceeding that lasted more than five Anotller incident that occurred in 
of those not in their own groups and hours and in which I served as a wit- the days immediately following the 
more likely to ascribe to ~e out- ness for the. defense - decided to boot · two altercations' involved .four. DSP. 
siders 'llefarious goals and devious "DSP from the £FC for two years. . . members, two females and a non-affil-
motivations. Petty jealousies and 'fac- . Expulsion from the IFC was die iated community member who lives 
tionalism have tUl1)ed the IFC of harshest pena)ty viable under the cir- ' 'Vith several SAE members who w<:re 
UCSD into a case study for illogical cumstances 'and one that will m,ake it purportedly involved in the ~ond 
. reactions, , difficult for DSP to surviVe. as a chap- altercation. ' 

A ltemendous mIscarriage of jus- ter. SAE'choso the path'of ~t resiS- The DSP members 'went to the· 
~ lice was perpetrated last week ,~y 'the tance and voluntarily semoved ' itself house, asked for. cenain SAE members . 
IFC Judici~ BOIl'd, which jumped on from lFCfor one year. See FRA~N~, page 6 

Thursday, December 4, 1997 The UCSD Guardian 

COMMENTARY: The intriguing and thought-provoking movies of 
yesteryear have been replaced by plotless "special effects" money makers 

HOLLYWOOD'S GONE TO THE DOGS 
By Jonah Freedman 
Senior Staff Wnter 

Hollywood has officially gone 
to the dogs. The worst thing is, it is 
an on-going proce s. The day that I 
have rued for years is upon us, fel-
low moviegoers, and it is a sad time 
that sickens my stomach and 
grieves my heart. 
. Cinema has gone from art form 

to commodity. True, what good is a 
movie to the industry if it doesn't 
make money? But many of today's 
high-budget so·called blockbusters 
seem to appeal to the lowesl com-
mon denominator. In short, any 
moron can be entertained by a 
bunch of giant man-eating bugs. 

The current high-grossing box-
office champion is Paul 
Verhoeven 's "Starship Troopers," a 
special-effect heavy, poorly-acted 
piece of mumbo-jumbo that 
requires absolutely no brain 
processes, 

All that is required is to stare 
blankly at the screen and watch the 
carnage as the human race gets 
impaled and snapped in half by 
huge, computer-generated insects. 

What is wrong with this pic-
ture? Moviegoing used to be a fun 
experience. While we couldn't 
assume every film was going to be 
a quality flick, at least we knew 
we'd be sampling the art known as 
film. 

Today, if studios want to put out 
a movie sure to be a blockbuster 
that grosses nine-digit figures, the 
formula is simple: Just add one or 
two semi-big-name actors, a script 
any idiot can understand and loads 
and loads of mind-blowing special 
effects, Use these three elements 
and the movie is sure to rake in the 
bucks, 

Exhibit A, one of the best exam-
ples of this ideal. happens to be onc 
of the highest-gros ing movies in 
the history of iii m 
"Independence Day." 

This giant B-movie featured 

"eed 
a breait· 

.. _,.J.... ' 1 

, HonolUlU $524 ~ 
hK[S UKlUI)( All , HOTU, ANO TMMSfEItS. J ~IUS ARE SOJIJE<T TO (HAN'E . ., 
Rmll<TlOtlS API'll. ~ 

I~_\'I 
~,,~=,:,':"'_I J' ,.~ 9500 Gilman Drive 
t. UCSD Price (enter Ste. 76 
~ La Jolla 

_ . ' . . ,. ~~~9) ~~o~ 

If Hollywood 
continues to 

produc~ rubbish 
such as the .. films, 
we will lose film as 
an art form. In this 
day and age, the 
green does the 
talking, and stUdios 
are racing to peddle 
sparkly products to 
make a fast buck 
and break box-offlce 
records. 
big-name actors with star appeal, a 
great idea behind it (aliens come to 
Earth - and they are pissed!) and 
some of the most amazing special 
effects in film history. 

So what happened? "ID4" was 
one of the most disappointing 
pieces of crap ever to grace the 
screen. 

There are a ton of politically-
. correct, uninteresting characters to 

muddlc up the plot, who go hand-
in-hand with some extremely poor 
acting, the majority of which came 
from a less-than-moving Bill 
Pullman (Aside from "Spaceballs." 
has this guy ever done anything 
good?), There are also the silliest 
plot turns and cheesiest lines to 
grace the screen in years. 

What was left of this heap of 
garbage was a film that relied sole-
lyon a buncH of flashy special 
effects to keep the oohs and aahs 
coming from the bedazzled audi-
ence. 

Did anyone catch "Jurassic 
Park"? Of course you did. Sure, 
those dinosaurs looked cool, but 
f1id anyone except me notice how 
dumb the plot was? Remember that 
lame scene where Sam Neill and 
those two stupid kids were trying to 
make it over the disabled electric 
fence before it was turned on 
again? Yeah, that's original. 
Mommy, are they going to make it? 

Unfortunately, when studios 
play to the level of this formula -
to entertain any moron - they 
insult the very foundation that cin-
ema was built on. 

When Hollywood was up-and-
coming in the 1930s and 1940s, 
there were no such things as special 
effects to carry a crappy movie. For 
a film to be successful, it had to 
rely solely on pIal. The most 
intriguing films were the ones that 
took their audiences on roller-
coaster rides. 

Alfred Hitchcock, for one, was 
a master of turning his audiences' 
heads in circles. "Rear Window," 
"Vertigo" and "North By 
Northwest" are some of the best 
movies ever. Why? Because the 
audience is forced to think. 
Nothing is in-your-face obvious, 
there are no special effects to take 
away from great scripts and you are 
left with the best reaction anyone 
could ever have when walking out 
of a movie: "Whoa." 

When studios today can effec· 
tively combine great acting, speciat 
effects, pyrotechnics. stunts and 
other forms of movie magic. along 
with a great script, moviegoers are 
left with a fantastic piece of cinema 
- the mind-twister. 

The mind-twister is the best 
See MOVIES, Page 7 

If you're looking for a career In federallawenfortement, a career that offen tremendous 
challen", the u.s, BonIer PIIrOI oouJd be jlllt what )'OU're aller, 

1b qualify, )'OO'U IIIIed ~ meet all Ii the foIIowi~ • u.s, dtiJm!h1p • I'BI>TiIlen exam and 
oral interview • PlIII a bacqroond inYesIi~ • PlIII a ckug IfliI and a I1'IedicaI ex2/lI • Hold a 
valid <!mer's liIm1e • Not !me reached )OOF 37th blllhday at lime Ii appointment. Have t ~ 
ci ~g experiInz ~ a IlIdI!b's degree. 

If selected, )'OO'U IIIImd a ripprous 5-month training ProgDm (Including Spanish language 
c1wes), f1nt dIny ....... 1Ift aIoq tile Southat border. ~salilymilD 
kI n IWh emIIinPaml GcMmment benefilS, 

,. For the h!w \1m can meet this kind of challenge, there's no bener job in the \\I)rld, To 
apply call (911) 757-3001 Ext. 186, any time, day or mgh~ or apply on·line at 
bnp://www.uSIIJob •. opm·IO¥. Please enler 186. For more information, Just 
call (202) 616-19606. ' • 

INS is an equal ~ty employer. '. 
U. s. B 0 ROE R P R T R 0 L .\ ~. 
R Career With Borders, But No Boundaries. ~~ 

OPlNlON 5 

Sensitive, Affordable Dental Care 
We're wkmj.!" new little aprrn.1r.: h to dem ,,1 (MC C(lnv~nll!m h"ur, 
,lnd 1'1<.3l10n, Gende and c lrlng tre,Hlllent ,It .. Ifnr Idhle fee~, Allin ,I 
IlI\all, new dental ofilr.:c with " "Idco .lnd Llment re.ldln~ m.Hen.d to 
put you .11 e.I'c Junng yilur V I~H, 

We're r.:(lmm!! led 10 dome our he't to I'rlWIJc rreWIll,1t IVe, UNl1t:tK, 
and re,1Or.II'1'C delll., I ... lre 10 Keel' l'"ur d\., nt~1 hili, ,Io\\'n. your nlllllth 
he,l lth\'. and rom , nlll" hnghl. Colli U' toJ~y, 

,LA JOLLA VILLAGE DENTAl OFFICE 
~mes E. Sanford, D.D.S. 

c.~ene r.ll , Preventative, and CllSmetiC 'en' lces 
Mos,t 'csn 1I\\"Yrm(~ (",'epl<'ll • Retl\".!, jrlClldh iIIln!> phlle • V.bJ/. ','Ttl! 

• ,\Ie",/", AnA , l'DA. SDCllS 

La Jolla Village Professional Center 
8950 Villa La Jolla Dr., Suite 2103 

fI,p Floor, JII,,!rt'hIlVf Ef forrw 
E """"~ & SrlwrdtlV l'pponUIn"n'l (II OIfab'" 

1·5 ut Lu Jollu Village Driue 558-3490 

r·······················. 
• the • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 

! 2~¢* ! 
• • 
• • i 50¢ i 
• • 
• • 
• • 
: Located on the second floor Price Center next : 
• to the post office. 619.677.9000 • 
• • Offer good for 8Y> x II , autofed copies on 20# white paper. : 
• Limited to one coupon per one person, Coupon must be pre- • 
• sented at time of purchase. EXP. 12-31-97 • ~ ...................... ~ 

Haircuts 
I 
I 
I Incl. shampoo, conditioner, cut & blowdry I 

I Reg 522·27 I 
L Valid with Stephanie. Sarah. Michelle & Jenny --------_______ ..1 

For an appointment call: 

417-3334 



6 OPINION 

FRATERNITY : 
The mistakes of some 
become the fate of all 
ContInued frOlll ..... 4 
to come out, and were chased 
back 10 their cars by the non-affil-
iate wielding a powerful semi-
automatic rine. The non-affiliate 
proceeded to break the back win· 
dows out of the female 'cars with 
the butt of the rine and then fired 
a shot into the air. 

The DSPs maintain that they 
went to the house to discuss the 
incident with the SAEs and dif-
fuse the situation before the PI 
Beta Phi Presents. Their position 
seems to be bullresscd by the fact 
that two of them brought along 
their girlfriends - a move seem-
ingly inconsistent with a belliger-
ent mentality. 

The non-affi liate maintained 
that he "felt threatened ," 
although no threats were uttered 
by the DSPs and he did not see 
them before he charged out with 
his gun. 

He also maintained that he 
broke the girls' windows 
because he was trying to make a 
ci tizen's arrest on the DSPs for 
trespassing, and they did not 
hah when he directed them 10 do 
so. 

The non-aflihate also claimed 
to have di~charged a round from 
the gun hecau,c he lelt "threat-
eneo" alter one 01 the female ... and 
one 01 the DSPs exited her car 
and asked him what he thought he 
was doing breaking her window. 
He had already shown that the 
gun was loaded by expelling two 
or three unfired cartridges from 

the magazine. 
With the story as it stands, 

"gang-style" activity in which the 
DSPs supposedly engaged is nOl 
evident. However, other issues 
that came out in the process seem 
to shed more light on the true 
problem. 

Two member of the Sigma 
Alpha Mu (SAM) fraternity testi-
fied to two separate incidents, one 
occurring earlier thi quarter and 
one that supposedly occurred 
over two years ago. 

Allegedly, the DSPs or their 
pledges, di~puted with the SAMs 
and their pledges over the paint-
ing of the Revelle Anchor. In nei -
ther case did an actual scuffle 
ensue - a fact that the SAMs 
auributed to their own superior 
moral characters. 

The SAMs testified that it was 
obvious to them that the DSPs 
"wanted to fight" and that the 
they "felt threatened." 

Similar testimony came from 
the Panhcllenlc pre~ldent , Jamie 
Drozd, who made the ridiculous 
claim that she "fe lt threatened" 
because DSP members were pre-
sent at the hearing. 

The funny thing about peo-
ples' feelings and perceptions IS 
that they often have no bearing 
whatsoever on reality. 
Additionally, teslimon) about 
feelings IS irrefutable, a~ only the 
person feeling ~omethlng know~ 
the '·trut h." 

A~ to establishing guilt, hav-
Ing people testify about how 
they "felt threatened" because 
DSP members were pre ent, 
especially when nothing actual-
ly occurred, is on the same level 

See FRATERNITY, Page 7 

M e sa _ ~. ~ .1,1. ~ _ •. ~ 
• ....,-.u 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, December 4, 1997 

GREEKS UNFAIRLY ATIACKED 
Editor: 

I am writing this letter in 
response to the article titled "Frats 
Face Criticism" in the Nov. 20 
issue of the Guardian . It is 
extremely frustrating to see such a 
negative and misleading headline 
on the front page of our school 
newspaper. 

The headline unfairly attacks 
every fraternity and is a poor and 
distasteful representation of the 
content of the article. The Greek 
system has publicity denounced the 
actions of two fraternities and taken 
the appropri ate steps to preserve the 
integrity of the entire Greek system. 

Anyone can see that this is a very 
mature and commendatory response 
to the Situation in which two frater-
nities acted inappropriately. 

However, the title of the article 
ignores all of thiS and unjustly 
in~ults Ihe entire Greek system, 
The suspiciously vague IItle 
implies that all the fraternities arc 
being criticized for some wrongdo-
ing. Simply writing "Two 
Fraternities Face Criticism" would 
make the title somewhat more 
acceptable. 

Thi~ brings up another Issue. 

""1 •• " 

, \ ~ ~ ~ "fr r, IJ · 

Lettars t~~ Editor 
The Guardian welcomes letters from 
its readers. All letters must be no 
longer than three pages, typed, dou-
ble-spaced and signed. Letters must 
a/so contain a phone number. We 
reserve the right to edit for length 
and clarity. Letters may be dropped 
off at the Guardian office on the 
second floor of the Old Student 
Center. Send all letters to: 

The Guardian 
Opinion Editor 

9500 Gilman Dr. 0316 
La Jol/a. CA 92093-0316 

Fax: (619) 534-7691 
e-mail: guardran@ucsd.edu 

The abbreviation "frat" is an insult 
to any respectable fraternal organi-
zation, implying all the negative 
aspects, like hazing and drinking, 
associated with the wild fraternities 

of the "Animal House" days. 
There are so many positive 

aspects of fraternities, like the 
opportunity for close friendships, 
leadership experience and philan-
thropy. Despite the allegations 
toward the two fraternities in ques-
tion, fraternities can offer many 
people an excellent opponunity to 
improve themselves and the entire 
college experience. 

I hope that in the future the 
Guardian will have a more support-
ive attitude toward UCSD frat ern i-
ties and sororities. The Guardian is 
the only official campus newspaper 
and it needs to voice the opinion of 
the entire student popUlation, of 
which the Greek system makes up 
a large percentage. 

Why couldn' t the title reflectlhe 
more positive side of the situation? 

On a campus where 60 percent of 
the student population complained 
of a unsatisfactory social life last 
year, it would be a shame if some of 
those people missed out on a more 
fulfilling college experience because 
they did not want to he labeled as a 
"frat boy" or a "sorority chick ." 

Greg Little 
Sigma Chi Fraternity 

~_ ~ ,I,'. _ ~ _ ~ _I. ~ .~ _ • . ~ ~~~~-~.~~ . ~.~~I.~ •. ~ 
Dowwtown .... Mesa 

• Up nOW! an 26- Sign . 
NeW classes start'· ..... eellS-

• rUSlllI. 
' . Holiday rUS • 

, t/ G.E.s 
t/ S13 a unit 

t/ Transferable courses 

t/ Calil-SOO-99ENROLL. 
t/ Visit our web site at 

www.sdccd.cc.ca.us 

_I 

I~ 

--
.'- ., ..• 

San Diego Community College District ' 
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . ............................................................................................................ 

Thursday, December 4, 1997 

FRATERNITY : 
Expulsion diminishes 
diversity in the system 
Continued from pace 6 
as people not allowing black male 
teenagers into their stores 
because they "feel threatened" or 
proving the existence of ghosts, 
goblins and evil spi rits because 
someone claims to "feel" their 
presence. Such "feelings" are 

MOVIES: 
Brain not required at 
modern movies 
Continued from page 5 
type of movie there is - films in 
which the audience docs not fully 
understand a damn thing until the 
end. In other words, we are forced 
to use our brains to fully enjoy the 
nick. Some recent examples of the 
mind-twister include "The Usual 
Suspects," "Total Recall" (one of 
Verhoeven's beller efforts), 
"Jacob 's Ladder" and "12 

utterly worthless. 
There were other problems, but 

the constraints of space do not per-
mit me to list them all here. I was 
not present during the judicial 
board members' deliberations, and 
do not claim to be privy to their 
motivations nor the collective logic 
by which they reached their deci-
sion. 

From what I observed through-
out the hearing, however. it seemed 
obvious that petty jealousies and 

Monkeys." 
Most recently, take "The 

Game," a real sleeper. If you didn't 
catch this one, make sure you see it 
on video. The premise of this film 
keeps the audience hooked at every 
moment , wondering what sus-
penseful scenes are relevant to the 
plot and which are not. 

Michael Douglas plays a crusty, 
middle-aged businessman who is 
given an odd gift from his younger 
brother - a personalized "game" 
crafted exclusively for him. The 
problem is, Douglas has no idea 
which of the life-threatening situa-

The UCSD GuardilJl 

petty J_Iou .... and 
factionalism have 
turned the IFe of 
UCSD Into. case 
study for liiolical 
reactions. 
interfraternity rivalries were moti-
vating the majority of charges trot-
ted out against DSP. 

As opposed to the expUlsion of 

Movlegolng used to 
be. fun .xpertence. 
Whll. we couldn't 
..... m •• v.ry film 
was going to be a 
qu.11ty flick, at 
le.st we knew w.'d 
be sampling the art 
known .s film. 
tions he is thrown into are pan of 
his game, and which are not. At the 
same time, the audience doesn't 

Call today to enroll 
in the #1 MCAT course! 

KAPLAN 
1-800-KAP~TEST 

www.kaplan.com 

DSP and the self-imposed exile of 
SAE, the indiVIdual members who 
were responsible for the incidents 
should have been singled out and 
punished. 

Kicking fraternities out of IFC 
only hurts all member organiza-
tions in the long run, especially if 
one of the organizations fails fo 
survive - which seems likely in 
SAE's case. 

The diversity of membership 
will suffer, and future mcmbership 

know either. We learn as he learns. 
Conversely, we don't learn a 

thing from movies like "104," 
"Starship Troopers," "Men In 
Black" or "Twister." 

If Hollywood continues to pro-
duce rubbish such as these films, we 
will lose film as an art form. In Ihis 
day and age, the green does the talk-
ing, and studios are racing to peddle 
sparkly products to make a fast buck 
and break box -office records. 

A big, fat Siskel & Ebert 
"thumbs-up" (pun intended) to 
those studios who are willing to 
take a chance on a good mind-

OPINION 7 

will decline, as there are fewer 
types of organizations - which 
will appeal to an ever smaller 
cross-section of the student popula-
tion. 

The IFC would do well to 
remember the advice Ben Franklin 
gave to representatives from 13 dif-
ferent organizations who were unit-
ing to promote their common goals 
back in 1776: "We must all hang 
together, or surely we will all hang 
separately." 

twister - an intellectual movie. 
Although films like ·'The Game" 
may not make a killing at the ticket 
window, they do more for the art of 
film than a bunch of dinosaurs. 
bugs or aliens ever will. 

So save yourselves from the big, 
ugly and scaly monsters, and batten 
down the hatches when the torna-
does and lava Iloes come your way. 
The only thing they are trying to do 
is to make you gawk at the pretty 
effects. 

Use your brain and sec an intel-
ligent movie. Long live 
Hollywood. 

superior 
materials 

expert 
teachers 

convenient 
classes 

proven 
results 



8 NEWS 

BILBRAY: 
Representative 
favors school choice 
Contltsud fro. ..... 1 
being added in every year," Bilbray 
said. 

Bilbray said he felt California 
tcachers shou Id place greater 
emphasis on basic reading, writing 
and arithmetic skills. 

"You should say 'To Hell with 
Spanish; 'To Hell with music; 'To 
Hcll with PE,'" Bilbray said. "You 
don't do anything untillhat kid can 
read and write." 

Bilbray, who supports statewide 
testing, also voiced his opposition 
to President Bill Clinton's plan for 
national education standards. 

"In DC, we spend over $11,000 

per student. In DC, the test scores 
are lower than anywhere else in the 
country,~' he said. "As Californians, 
why should we be dragged down to 
DC standards?" 

Bilbray advocated opening di s-
trict boundaries so that parents 
could send their children to any 
school, not just whichever one hap-
pened to be closest. 

However, Gee questioned the 
wisdom of tOlal school choice. 

"If you give them all this choice, 
how are they going to get there?" 
she asked. 

UCSD College Democrats 
President Melanie Gilmorc, a 
Marshall junior, also criticized 
school choice for taking money 
away from struggling schools 
instead of giving those schools thc 
resources to improve. 

The UCSD Guardian 

"What's going to happen to 
those kids that are left behind?" 
Gilmore asked. "I don', see how 

transportation systems would be 
required to give free transportation 
during that period," Bilbray added. 
''The biggest thing is allowing con-money goiRg elsewhere is going to 

bring up schools." 
However , 

Bilbray said failing 
schools would rec-
ognize their dire 
straits and improve 
their programs 
accordingly. 

"Educational 
institutions have to 
start being held 
accountable for 
thci r successes and 
failures to some 
degree," he said. 

"Educational 
Institution. hav. 
to .. t being 
held accountable 
for their 
succ ...... nd 
failures to some 
degr ... " 

- BrIan Bilbrey 

sumers to have the 
flexibility in public 
schools that they 
have in private 
schools." 

Bilbray project-
ed the eventual 
death of affirma-
tive action in its 
current form, but 
noted that there are 
alternatives. 

"It is constitu-
U.S. Representative tional to separate 

"In a perfect world, parents 
would be able to refer students to 

people by socioeconomic groups," 
Bilbray said. "You'll be able to do 
a lot more with that, and you'll 

any school they wanted and mass avoid a 101 of this backlash. 

On The Train, 
There's Plenty 

of ROOIn For You 
And All Your 
Dirty Laundry. 

One-way fares from San Dic~o to:' 
Santa Bar!".r" . ... ....... $22.S0 
5.11. Llli . Obis!,,, .......... it30.50 
I.". Allotclc8 ....... . .. ... S t'.l .50 
Allal.cim .... . . . ..... . . . $ 15.00 
('113Io..,orl), .... ....... . .. $ 1 '.I. 50 

Amtrak is a great way to go home for the holidays. 
It doesn't take a Ph .D. to figure out Amtrak is the way to go. There's 

plenty of room for all your stuff. The seats are big and comfortable 

so you can catch up on your sleep. Our cafe' cars have better food 

than the student cafeteria . And we have C'Onvenient schedul es and 

affordable fares. Plus. save an ext ra 15% with you r Student 

Advantage" card (i f you don ', have one. call 1- 8oo- 96 - AMTRAK to 

apply .) So check out the schedule. or call 1- 800 USA- RAlL. 

Thursday, December 4, 1997 

"I really think that we need to 
do more outreach into the minority 
community, bul we have to do that 
inclusive of the community at large 
and not based on race or gender," 
he added laler. 

Bilbray was elected to Congress 
in 1994, displacing firsl-term 
Democrat Lynn Schenk. In an 
interview after the luncheon, 
Bilbray listed his accomplishments 
in the lasl three years: welfare and 
immigration reform, a waiver 
exempting San Diego from federal 
water-quality requirements and a 
bill easing the way for cruise ships 
to stop in San Diego. 

"I've been able 10 bring a lot of 
the practica l, moderate programs 
we have in San Diego to 
Washington, and to incorporate 
them inlo a lot of issues," he said. 

Bilbray, who describes himself 
as "a bridge in the delegation 
between the Duncan Hunlers and 
the Bob Filners," also addressed 
abortion rights. 

"[I'm] pro-choice but very anti-
abortion," he said, adding that what 
he described as sociely's lax alti -
tude loward abortion is actually 
part of a larger problem. 

In a society where a constilu-
tional amendment 10 prohibit the 
"desecralion of our national 
emblem" is impossible, he said, a 
similar amendment banning abor-
lion is unlikely. 

Before the luncheon, Bilbray 
met with KidSat Director Sally 
Ride for an overview of KidSat and 
a tour of the program's control cen-
ter. 

KidSat is a NASA-funded pro-
gram that allows middle school 
children across the United States to 
take pictures of the Earth from a 
camera mounted on the space shut-
tle. 

The students place their camera 
requests with a team of UCSD 
undergraduates in the KidSat 
Mission Operalions Center, and the 
UCSD students relay the requests 
to a computer aboard the shuttle. 

As the shuttle passes over the 
target, Ihe computer triggers the 
camera. Each shuttle flight results 
in between 600 and 1,000 photos, 
Ride said. 

All communication between the 
students and the UCSD controllers 
takes place over the World Wide 
Web, and the students can see their 
photos on the Web as soon as four 
hours after they submit their 
requests. 

Ride, the first female U.S. astro-
naut and a professor of physics at 
UCSD, showed Bilbray photos of 
various parts of the earth's surface. 

"I've surfed there!" Bilbray 
exclaimed as he looked at a photo 
of Australia's northeast coastline. 

Thursday, December 4, 1997 The UCSD Guardian 9 

( Please ,"resent coupon Not va id with other offer Expires 12/30/97 
Custom Color Color Copies .h. I I!PY~H~!~ .... 

'. ,. 

Calendars 
.. -.O' 

Please ,"resent coupon • .' ( .. •• " .' .' ,f Not va id with other offer " ,j .. Expires 12/30/97 ." .~ .-
, .' J '~ ~ 

" 

the I Please ~resent coupon Color Transparencies R~!!!!. I!P~H~!!! Not va id with other offer Expires 12/19/97 
h 

COpy· & TECHNOLOGY CENTER® 

QUrce. 
11 '. 677 ~900,() 'Fax: 677·9019 

Copy/Print • FedEx • Photo Processing 
Located at Price C fer, . Second ' Level 



10 NEWS 

AIDS: Doctors 
not fully informed 
about disease 
COiiUUUed rro. ...,. 1 
treatment centers are in the lesbian 
and gay community. 

'There's issues if you are a 
women with HIV or AIDS; a lot of 
resources are in the lesbian and 
gay community and it makes it dif-
ficult for some women who den't 
feel an affinity to lesbian and gay 
people ... it makes it more difficult 
for them to motivate themselves to 
get the information," Bonwitt said. 

Soba added that members of 
the lesbian and gay community are 

• 

sometimes hostile to heterosexuals 
afflicted with HIV and AIDS. 

"There's some pushing away of 
a straight person by gay and les-
bian organizations," Soba said. 

The panel also addressed the 
issue that some individuals simply 
do not feel they are at risk to con· 
tract H1V. 

"White, middle-class men, for 
the most part, think that it is a dis-
ease for drug users, or poor peo-
ple or people of color and not 
them ... they're surprised invari · 
ably when it happens to them," 
Stanley said. 

". really believe that very few 
people actually think of them-
selves as at risk," Sobo added later 

The UCSD Guardian 

in the discussion. 
Pedrin-Gizoni also said that 

many doctors are not fully 
informed about AIDS. 

"Many doctors who have noth-
ing to do with AIDS are very lim-
ited in their knowledge," Pedrin-
Gizoni said. 

Stanley said that in the gay 
community, AIDS is seen as a 
chronic-manageable disease. 

However, Bonwitt added that 
there's no real understanding in the 
gay community of what the drug 
schedule entails. 

Due to a low tum out, the 
forum was informal and held as 
a discussion among the pan-
elists. 

GREECE: 
UCSD presents 
musical pieces 
C.U ned fr ___ 3 
pieces featured at the conference. 

While many UCSD students, 
faculty and alumni presented con-
certs and gave talks at the confer-
ence, UCSD Music Professor 
Miller Puckelle unveiled a new 
computer program. Although 
Puckette has designed and sold 
programs in tire past, this one was 
presented as a gift to the world. 

The program, known as "PO" 
for "Public Domain," expands 
upon an earlier innovative program 

Thursday, December 4, 1997 

of his known as "Max." The "PD" 
program opens up new computer 
possibilities to regular musicians 
and adds the ability to create and 
process visual images from musi-
cal cues. 

Holding the 23rd annual con-
ference in Greece was limiting at 
times. A "jam session" involving 
UCSD students, some of them 
improvising and responding to 
video cues, could not be carried 
out as planned. The original plan 
was to hold a simulcast, with per-
formers in San Diego playing 
along with UCSD representatives 
in Greece. However, this proved 
impossible as the technology in 
Greece was not developed enough . 

Transfer to Transit U. 

Make the switch to transit and save on your commute and parking 
costs. Take a break from traffic and get some extra time to study. 
UCSD students ride free in "the zone" by showing the driver 
the yellow bus sticker on your UCSD ID~ With a valid student 10, 
you'll also receive a $10 discount on a monthly bus and trolley 

pass. Use it to ride as many buses and trolleys as you w.ant all month 
long. You've got enough on your mind. Like classes, tests, papers, 
jobs, your love life (or lack of one), and where you're going in life. 
So don't hassle about transportation or how you're going to get there. 

Transfer to Transit U. It's a cool school of thought. 

San Diego Transit &4# San Diego Trolley 
av e 

The routes to know to get where you want to go. 
150 - Express bus takes you Downtown, Horton Plaza, the coastal route past downtown La Jolla as far south as Belmont 
Greyhound bus station from VA Hospital at peak hours on Park on Mission Blvd. Just bring your UCSD photo 10 to 
weekdays . Rideshare Operations at 201 University Center for your free 
30 - USIU, Mira Mesa, UTC, UCSD on Gilman Drive to yellow bus sticker or call 534-RIDE. 
Downtown via La Jolla and Pacific Beach on weekdays Traveling beyond the zone? Monthly bus and trolley passes ($39) 
34 - UTC, La Jolla Village Square, La Jolla Shores, Pacific with valid student 10 are at the Cashier's Office, 401 University 
Beach, Mission Beach, Sports Arena, Old Town, Downtown, Center. 
Horton Plaza, Amtrak train station, Greyhound bus station Free bus schedules are available at Rideshare Operations or 
41 - VA Hospital tCf Fashion Valley via Genesee, UTC, University RIDESHARE boards throughout campus. 
City, Clairemont and Linda Vista Need more bus information? Call 233-3004 Monday - Friday 5:30 
·Free bus rides around campus and beyond for UCSD students, a.m.- 8:30 p.m.; Sat. & Sun. 8 a.m.-5 p.m. Know your bus route 
faculty, staff, grad students and spouses I The new expanded and stop? Call1nfoExpress at 685-4900 24 hours a day for 
UCSO free bus zone includes Genesee Ave. to Balboa Ave. and schedule information. 

,. . ~, ' 

i , . "" , . 
- ~ _' -; ':f1,"...I_ • _\, ................ ~ _ \ ~'. ..f-~' --' • _ _. -. '" 



12 FEATIJRES The UCSD Guardian Thursday, December 4, 1997 

________ h()liday festival ___ ~----
Happy and Joyous Kwanzaa Wishes to Everyone 

African American holiday celebrates the value of the family and the community 
By Jessica Scheppmann 
Associate Features Editor 

In the predominantly anglicized 
American culture, Christmas and 
mainstream Christian culture often 
become focal points for the holiday 
season. Despite this unintentional 
oversight, minority groups have 
continued to preserve their heritage 
through their choice of winter cele-
brations. Kwanzaa, an African-
American holiday, was created in 
1966 as a way to focus on the 
strength of the African-American 
family and black culture. 
HIstory 

Kwanzaa, pronou nced 
"KWAHN-zah," is thought to be 
observed by at least five million 
Americans and perhaps 10 million 
others in Africa, Canada, the 
Caribbean and parts. of Europe. 
This holiday, which lasts from Dec. 
26 until Jan. I is designed to rein-
force unification and strength with-

in the African-American communi-
ty. 

Dr. Ron Karenga, chairman of 
the Black Studies Department at 
California State University Long 
Beach created the holiday in 1966. 
The US organization of Los 
Angeles, California and the 
Maulana, helped in the develop-
ment of the Kwanzaa celebration. 

The question of spelling for the 
Kwanzaa holiday has long been 
debated by leaders in the African 
American community. The origina-
tors of the holiday, after it became 
an issue, voted in 1977 to maintain 
the one "a" spelling of Kwanzaa. 
However, current popular opinion 
over the years has arrived at a con-
sensus that two "a's" are preferred, 
and thus it is so. 

The name Kwanzaa comes from 
the phrase MatLInda )'a Kwanza 
which means "the first harvest." 
Prior to its evolution in American 

For le.den, The tr. 
dldltlon of enforcing 
the strength of the 
community I. key In 
enforcing family 
tie •• 
cu Iture, the harvest of the first 
fruits was cause for thanksgiving 
and celebration to African natives. 

Similarly to the traditions of the 
African originators, the holiday 
involves much feasting, drumming, 
dancing, storytelling and strength-
ening of family ties. 

For leaders of the Kwanzaa hol-
iday, the tradition of enforcing the 
strength of the African-American 
community is key in enforcing 
family ties. Therefore, the family is 
the focal point of the celebration. 
The majority of the celebration is 
spent celebrating with the sur-
rounding community. 

Mensah Wali of the New York 
board of education observes 
Kwanzaa to honor his African-
American anccstry for himsclf and 
for his children. According to him, 
many African Americans have 
replaced Christmas with Kwanzaa. 

"It reflects important principles, 
such as unity among blacks, self-
determination, sharing workloads 
and responsibilitics and creativity." 

Thinkin~ about sellin~ your used textbooks? 

these are the fact,& 
UCSD BOOkstore ~(n '": r h~ ("'I k n;::) t:~S 

-- - ..z - - _ _ _ _ _ __ _ . 

------
Main Store' 

December Bth- j 3th 
9am-4pm 

1 

•• 12 
• 0lv' 

YOlJ' 

The UCSD Bookstore wants to buy back 

Revelle· 
December 1 Oth- 72th 

10am-3pm 
as many used books as possible 

2 
. d next quarter on campus and 

If your book is bemg use . ou will be 
if the UCSD Bookstore needs extra copIes, y 

~ I} ~ 
offered 

Its Simple: if you paid $48.00 for a bo . 
campus, you will be offered $24 00 ok that IS used again on 
used for $36.00 and it w'/1 b . . If ~ou bought the same book 
mi".".i$i#'afl$;4.0~ ~~;~t agal~ on camp~s,. you would 

(67 ~ of the Onglnal price)' 

4 
but if it will be used 

d ain on campus 
If your book is not being US;ff;gto buy the book s~ it can ~:tiona\ 
in other colleges, we m~y . e will be determtned by . d b 

elsewhere. The. ~nc k prices are determine y 
h book's condttton (boO 

demand on t e 
recycled 

the publisher). 
Some bonks 

~ 5 
despite having valuable 

information have no market resale value. 
Examples of such cases are: a new edition 
being published, a used workbook or study 
guide, or if there is little national demand for 
the book. 

UCSD Bookstore 
Textbook Department 
619.534.4557 
www-bookstore.ucsd.edu 

Wali says. "It has become an alter-
native for black parents who don't 
know what to say to their kids." 
The seven princIples of Nguzo 
SaINI 

According to The Kwanzaa 
Handbook : A Guide for African-
American celebrants, by Muata 
Wcusi-Puryear, Ed ., Kwanzaa is a 
time 10 come together for the fami-
ly and thc community. During this 
week, community leaders focus on 
the values of Nguzo Saba, or the 
scven principles through history 
and culture, decorations, symbolic 
gestures of respect, food prepara-
tion, songs, stories, dances and 
games. 

Each day of the seven-day festi-
val is dedicated to a lesson in one 
of the sevcn principles. Weusi-
Puryear covers extensively the 
focus behind each of the seven 
principles. 

See KWANZAA, Page 14 

RIMAC' UN EX 
SuperComputer Center 
Institute for Continued Learning 
Institute of the Americas 
Gilman Drive tnfo Booth 
Torrey Pines Center 
No. T.P. tnfo Booth ~~f • 
SIO library C8(f\'9~ 
Snackropohs, SIO 
Nieremberg Hall, SIO 
Thornton Hosp. ER 
Early Childhood Education Ctr. 
SI. Germain's' Cal Copy 
BJ's Pizzeria' Kinko's 
Ralphs' Vons 
Garden State Bagel 
Pappachino's 
Albertson's 
La Jolla Det Sol 
Subway - Beans 
Bookstar 
Java House 
Stella Bella 
Koala Yogurt 

Costa Verde Car Wash 
La Salsa' Rubio's 
Taco Bell· Salsa Rio 
Subway 
Roberto's 

- t 
",,,8(f\8 

Jeff's Burgers 
Neighbor Saver 
No. Shore Cafe 
Panini Caffe 
University Lutheran Church 
La Jolla Brewing Co. 
House of Natural Foods 
La Jolla Public library ~fI 
Baltimore Bagel O~.)o\\. 
Beminl's • Pannikin V 
7 -11 (La Jolla Blvd.) 
Bustamente's 
Starbucks 
Ambience Cafe 
Zanzibar 
Cafe Crema 
7·11 

Quik Corner 
Dragon House 
M.B. Tan ~fI 
M.B. Laundry ~~ o'f\ 
Mission Coffee House ... 
The Living Room 
Lalo's etc. 
The Study 
Euphoria Cafe 
UCSD Mad Ctr 
Medical Center Library 
Quel Fromage 
Down_ UCSD lIoobtor. 

You'll he seeon!! GREEN 
hecause we're READ 

rhr ur.~o Gu.trrll ... " • C til <;14 1466 

Thursday, December 4, 1997 The UCSD Ouardian HIATUS 13 

------___ winter lnovie previews _______ _ 

This Season's Box Office Lineup Packs a Holiday Punch 
A handy guide to the hol!day season's hottest releases 

By WMt DIckinson 
Senior Staff Writer 

This winter season, thc box 
office presents the movie-going 
masses with some very tantalizing 
possibilities. 

Excellent dramas, some long-
awaited sequels, new films from 
some historically great filmmaker, 
and the usual array of cheesy 
action movies and psychological 
thrillers are on the cards this winter 
season. 

Dec. 12, 1997 

"Amltt.d" 
In the summer of 1839, 53 

African captives broke free and 
took over the slave ship Amistad. 
While attempting to sail home, they 
were captured and returned to 
America to stand trial. The case 
intensifies when President John 

Quincy Adams comes out of retire-
ment 10 take the Africans' cause to 
the Supreme Court. Steven 
Spielberg directs this lrue ' story 
starring Morgan Freeman, Anthony 
Hopkins and Djimon Hounsou. 

"Serum 2" 
Two years after the murders in 

Woodsboro, Sidney Prescott 
(Neve Campbell) is adjusting to 
her safe new life at a small 
Midwestern . college. Gale 
Weathers (Courtney Cox) is excit-
ed her book about the ki lIings has 
been made into a movie. Their 
world is sent spinning when a new 
wave of copycat homicides begins 
on campus. The few survivors of 
the original and an impressive 
array of new talent fuse together 
in this highly anticipated sequel. 
The supporting cast includes 
David Arquctte, Sarah Michelle 
Gellar, Liev Schreiber, Jerry 
O'Connell, Omar Epps, Duane 
Martin, Jada Pinkett and Rebecca 
Gayheart. 

"Deconstructl", HMY" 
This latest Woody Allen film 

centrers around Ihe problems of a 
New York writer's creative and 
erotic life. The film spons an amaz-
ing cast starring such superb and 
diverse stars as Billy Cryslal, 
Elisabeth Shue, Kirstie Alley, Eric 
Bogosian, Demi Moore, Robin 
Williams, Judy Davis and, of 
course, Woody Allen. 

Dec. 19, 1997 

"TitanIc" 
Leonardo DiCaprio and Kat~ 

Winslet star in James Cameron's 
epic drama about the "unsinkablc" 
Titanic. The film is long overdue 
but looks to be well worth the wait. 
Despite being a departure from 
Cameron's legacy of shoot-'em·up 
action films, "Titanic" includes 
some stunning computcr graphics 
effects as well as amazing on-loca-
tion shots. 
"Tomorrow Never Dies" 

Pierce Brosnan dons the tu)(edo 
of Hollywood's favorite spy in the ' 
18th installment of the scrics. 
Agent 007's new mission is to pre-
vent power-crazed media monger 
Elliot Carver (Jonathan Pryce) 
from starting World War III in 
order to boost ralings. Michelle 
Yeoh plays an agent for the 
Chinese government while 
Carver's wife (Teri Hatcher) was 
once much closer 10 Bond. 
"The Postman" 

In Ihe year 2013, after the infra-
structure of the United States has 
been destroyed, roads, cities and 
lines of communications are left in 
ruins. An isolated town is being 
terrorized by a tyrannical General 
(Will Patton) and his army. When a 
stranger (Kevin Costner) enters the 
lown dressed in a postal uniform 
and carrying a sack of letters, thc 
people give him a meal and a placc 

to stay. Whilc the story he creates 
is only told to get what he wants, 
the lelters he carries inspire the 
people of the lown and give them 
hope. 

Dec. 25, 1997 

"Jackie Blown" 
If you had a chance to walk off 

wilh a half-million dollars, would 
you take it? "Pulp Fiction" director 
Quentin Tarantino asks ,this ques-
tion of six characters in his alti-
tude-packed "Jackie Brown." Pam 
Grier, Samuel L. Jackson, Bridget 
Fonda, Robert DeNiro and Michael 
Keaton comprise this fantastic cast. 
"An AmerIcan Werewolf In PIIfI&" 

The daughter (Julie Delpy) of 
the werewolf from the original "An 
American Werewolf in London" 

See MOVlI, Page 23 

~~cPO~OOO~~oq,~~~d'~oq,e~ 

PR ICE CENTER STUDENT CENTER 

~& ~r.~~OO December 7-/2th December a-12th ...", 12am-6am Spm-Ilpm f/ 
~ 08 

24 Hour Library Lounge 
CHECK Olfl' THESE DEALS 

~QC.'''~I'' 
. --.. t'4I1t'~ 

-B lovv off stress In the Game room 
9am - 2am. DEC a-12th 
12pm - 6pm. DEC 13th 

-DElicious COffEE. muffins. 
croissants. pastriES. & salads 

mon-thu: 7am- I I pm 
'fal: 7am- IOpm 
sat Bam-IOpm 
sun: 9am - I am 

, Modular Offices Study Lounge 
CHECK O~ THESE DEALS 

• GROUNdWORk 
WBooks 

·COO/o off gEnEra I stock books 
(does not Includ. t.xtbooks) 

'GEt thE edgE I at AS LEcturE NotES 

... 

Finals W-" Hours: 
o.c. & ., 7. 'O.m - 'pm 

o.c. S. 9." '0. 'O.m - ,apm. 
.ndapm - 4pm 

tl.ucs• lJlKE •• DP 
'Dollar Days During Finals WEEk 

5' .00 W .... IJottMfI 
5i!.00 ,,,,,.,. TutMs 

i!~ art ." TI .... 
& t.ots of FREE sturr, 



14 mATIJS The UCSD Guardian 

. 

_____________ concertprevtew ____________ _ 

Christmas Music Sizzles at Mandeville 
La lolla Symphony and Chorus will present diverse holiday celebration 

By Bill Morgan 
Guardian Reporter 

Whether you are looking for a 
way to unwind after that c hemi ~try 
final nex t Friday, or are tired of the 
~ame old movie, cluh, house and 
pany routine, or are looking for a 
c l a~sy. romant ic-date idea for that 
special someone, the La Joll a 
Symphony and Chorus is for you. 

At Mandeville Auditorium on 
Dec. 12- 14, the La Jolla 
Symphony and Chorus wi II shuw 
off their impressive IIO-piece 
orchestra and 130-membcr chorus 
in a diverse holiday celebration 
ranging from the Baroque splen-
dor of Bach to the sizzling new 
orchestrations of Christmas music 
by Christopher Rouse. 

The concert , conducted by La 
Jolla Symphony and Chorus 
Choral Director David Chase, wi II 
begin with Stokowski 's arrange-
ment of Bach's Toccata and 

Fugue. This II -minute piece is the 
romantic, colorful orchestratIOn 
that introduced many kids to clas-
sical mm,ic when Mickey Mouse, 
with his over-the-top style, con-
ducted it in Walt Di~ney\ cla%ic 
canoon "FantaslU .. 

The chorus wi II t hen he joi ned 
by four guest vocalim for one of 
Bach's best- loved chorus and 
orche tra compositions, 
Magnificat in D Major. Featured 
so loim in this traditi onal 
Christmas piece will be soprano 
Ann Chase, mezzo-soprano Anita 
Colet, tenor Thomas Obcrjet and 
bass Ronald Banks. 

The concert will climax with 
Christopher Rouse's rhythmic, 
tuneful take on Christmas music, 
Karolju. This multi -movement 
piece features choral parts that 
alternate between eight different 
languages from movement to 
movement. Language is used as 

LOWER 8 UPPER DIVISIon COURSE OFFERIf1BS 
no PREREOUI91TE9 Iii UnIT9 

PI Ie 12 

Courtesy of the La Jolla Symphony 

Chorus: La Jolla Symphony and Chorus conductor David Chase 
will lead the ensemble in a holiday extravaganza_ 

much for "sound appeal" as sense, 
and the music, ranging from 
majestic to splashy to folksy, 
maintains a holiday flavor 
throughout. 

"If you don' t like what you're 
listening to one moment, just wait 
because it 's going to change," 
Chase said. 

See MUSIC, Page 18 

LOIllER DI1II910n COURSE OFFERln09 
no PREOUI91TE9 

PlUSIC 5 
A study of opera masterworks that often coincide with operas presented in the San 
Diego Opera season. Class consists of lectures, listening tabs, live performances, 
and operas on video. Professor Carot Plantamura. TuTh 9:35- 1 0:55 A.M. & section. 

A course designed to discover musical potential and expand musical 
experience. Small lab sessions present music through composing, im-
provising, and performing. Professor Edwin Harkins. TuTh 12:45-2.05 
PM. & section. PlU91C 13R 

A focus on Ihe particular music of Africa and on African ways of music-making in 
the Diaspora 10 the Caribbean, and North and South Amenca, and the Middle East. 
Taught by Meilu Ho. TuTh 9:35-10:55 A.M. & section. 

PlUSIC 15 , BlRr ( 
*bJAIT U8T OIlI..y* 

Examination of The Beatles as a dynamic musical organism, and chronicle of the 
rapid translormation of the Beatles' musical development in the context of the so-
cial turmoil of the time. The precursors of the BeatJes- American blues, jazz, and 
rod< artists from Louis Armslrong to Buddy Holly- will also be examined. Profes-
sor Steven Schick. TuTh 2:20-3:40 P.M. 

OtT 

* DID noT APPOIIII PUBUSH£D 9(HmUl( Of ClASS(S. * 
A broad survey of the classical music and dance traditions of India. A focus on 
North Indian (Hindustani) and South Indian (Camatic) music traditions, exploring 
their stylistic differences by listening to various instrumenlal and vocal genres. The 
ctass will further examine the four main dance styles: Bharata Nat yam, Kuchipudi, 
Kathsakali, and Kathak, and touch upon other music and dance forms. Finally, rt 
will explore the connection between spiritual and religious aspects of India. Taught 
by Anne Seshadri. TuTh 12:45-2:05 PM. Section i.d. 313668. 

An exploration of male rials and methods used in the rrusic of our time. Professor 
George Lewis. TuTh 11 :10 A.M.-12:30 P.M. 

PlUS 115 -
* PLEA8E norE TIPlE CtWl8E * 

Study a broad fange of problems and questions associated with women in Weslern 
classical music, popular culture, and various non Western tradilions. In partiCular, 
an examination of the roles women have been encouraged and discouraged from 
playing in the musical world; how we lislen to and evaluate music by women; the 
politics of getting heard and getting counted; altemative genres and communities 
01 music-making formed by women; and the new canon of women composers and 
performers that is emerging. Professor Jann Pasler. TuTh 12:45-2:05 P.M. 

fIlUf'!,I 127A-
The vocal music of Afncan American culture, primarily the development of the spiri-
tual and blues traditions. No prerequisites. Professor Anthony Davis. TuTh 4:00 -
5:20 PM. 

--~ ..---~ - - --,,-

PlUSIC 7 
An exploration of the interacllons among music, science, and technol-
ogy, including the development and history of science and technology, 
from the perspective of music, and the modern resynthesis of these 
disciplines occurring around computers. Professor F. Richard Moore. 
TuTh 9:35-10:55 A.M. 

U C 
Music of the Big Band and Swing era, with a focus on Duke Ellington, 
Benny Goodman, Count Basie, and other greats from the remarkable 
time when swing was king. Professor Bertram Turetzky. TuTh 11 :10 
A.M.-12:30 PM. & section. 

An examination of the history and evolution of the symphony orchestra 
and of the music composed for it from the 17th century to the present. 
Emphasis will be placed on the development of acute active fistening 
skills through lectures, recordings, performances, videos, and section 
drills. Professor Harvey Sollberger. Dayltime tba. 

A survey of Eastern European Jewish folk music, Yiddish theater, and 
popular song and their transition to America. Taught by Robert Zelickman. 
TuTh 11 :10 A.M.- 12:30 PM. & section. 

Study of selected musical traditions of Asia and Oceania with links to 
local and visiting musicians from these cultures. Taughl by Meilu Ho. 
TuTh 9:30-10:55 A.M. & section. 

U I • 
R 

TOITII1IJ( OffOlli PUAS( (0IIfIII1ImI11I PIUSI( 1JOIMTIIMlIT. 
An exploration of the guitar's contribution to the music of our times, with 
a focus on the genre's seminal innovators including Chuck Berry, Eric 
Clapton, Jimi Hendrix, Edward Van Halen, and more. TuTh 2:20-3:40 
P.M. & section. 

534-8226/ sferneyhough@ucsd.edu 

Thursday, December 4, 1997 

KWANZAA: 
Unity provides 
strength for youth 
ContInued froIII ..... 12 

The first, Umoja, focuses on the 
objective of unity in the famil y, 
community, nation and race. 
Kujichagllfia, which means se lf-
dctermination is used to define. 
name and create for a voice for the 
African-American community. 

"When you think about our 
race, we need unity," says Sheryl 
Thomas of Los Angeles. " We've 
never had a tradition that is both 
histori ca l and contemporary, somc-
thing we can pass on to our chil -
dren." 

Thomas and her family use 
Kwanzaa to celebrate the together-
ness of their community. They par-
ticipate in the holiday in conjunc-
tion with Christmas. 

The third. Ujima , or collective 
work and responsibility. concen-
trates on the construction of com-
munity, building ties and brother-
hood. Ujamaa, or cooperative eco-
nomics, is celebrated on the fourth 
day to encourage the construction 
and maintenance of home business-
es so that the African-American 
community can profit from its own 
labor. 

Nia, or purpose, focuses partici-
pants on making their collective 
vocation the building and develop-
ing of the community to restore 
greatness to the black community. 
On this day, family members will 
list their intentions for the coming 
year while lighting their mshuma, 
or candles_ 

Kuumba, or creativity, encour-
ages African Americans to do as 
much as they can, in the way they 
can, to leave communities more 
beautiful and more beneficial than 
when they began. 

On the last day /mani, or faith in 
yourself and in the beauty of black-
ness, is celebrated. Celebrants are 
encouraged to believe and recog-
nize the righteousness and victory 
of their culture within American 
society. Tradition dictates that 
zawadi, or gifts, are given by the 
elders to the children, Unlike the 
rest of the celebrations, this day is 
spent at home rather then in a com-
munal selling . 
Symbolism 

Home decoration is seen as a 
key pan of the celebration. The 
three colors of Kwanzaa focus 
those involved on the principles 
behind the celebration. Red is seen 
to represent the struggle of the cul-
ture. Black represents the beauty of 
the black people. The third color, 
green, is used to represent growth, 
the symbol of new life. These col -
ors are used in games and lessons 
to reinforce unity. 

According to Weusi-Puryear, 
the traditional symbols for each 
day are displayed on a Mkek, or 
straw mat, which represents histor-
ical foundation in traditional 
African culture. A discussion of 
each symbol and principle of 
Kwanzaa is held, and the culture in 
general is celebrated through dis-
cussion. 

The symbols of Kwanzaa are 
placed on the mkekn. On this mat 
the mahindi (corn) and the 
kikombe (unity cup) are di splayed. 
Libations are poured from the 
kikombe into a ~ouse plant to 
honor ancestral spirits, and then 
the unity cup is passed around the 
room so each person may take a 
SIp and give a toast. 

Additionally the mshuma are lit 
See KWANZAA Page 18 

COLOR 

Thursday, December 4, 1997 The UCSD Guardian 

With GTE Paging Service, 
you'll know who called. 
Not who your roommate 

thinks called. 

With GTE Paging Service, you'll know exactly who called, for as little as $8.95 a month, Sign up by 

December 31, 1997, and we'll include your custom voice message greeting free for the first three months. 

Motorola's easy-to-use Pronto FLX™ pager comes in a variety of c~lors and is just $45 with a one-time 
$9.95 activation fee. When you sign up, be sure to ask for Hometown Paging, so your friends will be able 

to page you when you head home for the holidays. It's just an extra $3.95 a month_ Call1-800-249-GTE6 tdil 
to learn more, GTE Wireless, Not only are we much more reliable than most roommates. We're cleaner, too. WIREL ESS 

TH E GTE WIRELESS CENTER NEAREST YOU : UNIVERSITY TOWNE CENTRE, 4305 LA JOLLA VILLAGE DR., LA JOLLA (619) 452-0056, 
Promo FLX 1\ a IradenlJlk or reglslered IrddenlJlk of MOlorola Inr. Aher Ihree monchs, (u"om 'Ollt me"age greetlllg Will be billtd Jt S! J lIIonlh 

IS 

-



I 

16 HIATUS The UCSD Guardian Thursday. December 4, 1997 

tooting for tht 
\\\t\matt tfudy 

,artntr! 
t h ink 

"e\( ·afe 

1(\'Im'I''' "lIIrII~ 1"I.l'l'fIrt'c/ VIII/I'1('/f 
1/ \rIU '/(· 'hrll~lIIg aholll 11'1.llJ·C'llOrt' IOI/I'.\/'If 

J III' I'/'\ 110 ,'\( 1111' 1\111 1'0 /1 uw"I'i't' \ ('/II ST! . fill ' 
<llId 'iI'I'llIIiI'l'cll'''e~lIolI(\, /mlll !ro{l{ll'/ulig iii \fIIl 

YO II (11111 ~('{ J2ill' _WI' wAr ClII't' (If II 

Now 
Available 

on (ampul! 

resgonsibilily 

any_queslions? 
R~detm Ihl' (:oupon at )our IlC\1 appolOllncnl (or one or IhtM: Items: 

• Fr« l'regnancy TC>iln8 & Cuun><hng 
• :! l)l/tll Fnx Condonh • 2 Momh, Free Birth {'mllml 

• II¥~ on IIIV&Sn 1.,llIIg 
l ,dude\ l"rt nil. I .ntI AbtHlllln \cn-I\'rJ 

OffC"f ,O!.xi for rlC'fI ra1lf"nU onh l\PIlf' f, l{)I'JM 

• 

__ albllffi reviews __ 

2hc: 
R U Still Down? (remember me) 

--
-
.**** 

Legendary rapper Tupac Shakur 
lives on with his second posthumous 
release, R U Still Down ? (remember 
me). Touted as "the first [project) of 
many to come," this collection of26 
previously unreleased tracks is a 
compilation of songs recorded 
between 1991 and 1994. 

2Pac touches on real-life issues 
in all of the tracks, many of which 
listeners can relate to in some 
way. 

On "Hell razor" he speaks of a 
rough childhood and facing the tri-
als and tribulations of life. 

On the track "Do for Love" fea-
tures vocals from Eric Williams of 
Blackstreet, 2Pac sings about the 
rewards . and complications 
involved in relationships. 

With this release , Tupac has 
solidified himself as a true poet, a 
modem-day historian, a man full of 
emotion and desire. Through his 
great talents, he expresses himself 
to the rest of the world. In an indus-
try saturated with "bad boys," this 
is a welcome release - one defi-
nitely worth buying. 

-Ron Ruyerll 

Lnan..J •• 
Greased 

---
-
**** 

After releasing covers of 
Muppet songs, Slayer tunes and TV 
themes, Less Than lake can lay 
claim to the title "Kings of the 
Novelty Hi .. " The Florida punklska 
sextet's latest achievement, 
Greased, offers a high-octane, 
tongue-in-cheek rendition of the 
classic musical "Grease." 

Despite raw production, Greased 
delivers a powerful punch, staning 
with a thundering version of 
"Summer Nights." From there, Less 
Than lake bash their way through 
the remainder of the soundtrack. 

One minor drawback, aside 
from the short running time, is the 
notable absence of Less Than 
Jake's hom section_ The horns are 
featured in "Greased Lightning," 
but are absent and missed at other 
points on the album. 
- Greased captures the boundless 
energy of Less Than Jake and offers 
the songs you have heard a hundred 
times like you have never heard 
them before. making it a great gift 
idea or a wonderful addition to any 
cover aficionado's collection. 

-Scott Ylller 

~:o.: l\[liJIOE$ wJTH 
Hiy H@y/~7Jb 0-rti8t8 

• 1111 
and 1997lPS11alot Dow JlJmer fearullrg 

tie Sthrr somIs of Gllee CIlen , Iler Sal 

!Fritfay, t])ecem6er 5, 1997 
Bpm-10pm 

'11ie Stage @ the Pu6 
!Free 

Ca115J4..0496 for info I SOL~ rban CeftteWl Music Grea 

Thursday. December 4. 1997 

By Jaml Lofer .. n 
Staff Writer 

Rendered in a detached visual 
style with long shots and long 
scenes, Minnow Pict~res' new film 
"Eye of God" attempts to achieve, 
via the camera, the silent presence 
its name suggests. 

Combined with an ambitious 
editing structure where the end is 
foreshadowed throughout , the film 
has an omniscient perspective 
which emphasizes thematic, rather 
than chronologi cal, connections 
between scenes. However. with 
only an 84-minutc running time, 
this vision could have been expand-
ed by focusing in more closely on 
the central characters in order to 
develop them fully. 

Two plots are interwoven 
throughout the film, requiring the 
audience to piece together the con-
nections between seemingly isolat-
ed events. 

STUDENTS: 

•

we specialize in 
small 
moves 

We package and ship 
anything. from a computer to your 

whole room. It's worth a 
10-minute drive north on 1-5! 

Boll 
C.mel Country Plaza II 

Next to Stuft Pizza, DEL MAR 
12730 Carmel Country Road . Ste. 120 

5 No.~ lake Del Mar Hts. I,rno"! ri,~~ Carmel Country 
• CUSTOM Crating & Packing 

• Packing & Shipping Supplies 
• INSURED 

Service 

She's been 
naughty 
& nice . 

season, 
surprise her 
with a gift 

certificate 
from Buffalo 

Exchange. 

The UCSD Guardian HIATUS 17 

. . tnovle revlew __________ _ 

'Eye of God' Attempts To Live Up To Its Name 
Visual style and cinematic effects try to replicate omniscience 

The narrative follows Ainsley 
(Manha Plimpton), a vulnerable 
young woman, who meets and mar-
ries her pen pal lack (Kevin 
Anderson) after he is released from 
prison. lack has "found God" and 
reinvents his life according to his 
new faith, persuading the agnostic 
Ainsley to adopt new ways for the 
sake of their relationship. 

I n the midst of these scenes, the 
audience catches a glimpse of 
Ainsley and Jack's ominous future: 
local police find a dumbstruck boy 
(Nick Stahl) drenched in blood 
who has witnessed an unspeakable 
crime. 

The two narratives fluctuate 
back and forth , offering a view of 
the disintegration of Jack and 
Ainsley's relationship. 

lack and Ainsley's courtship is 
unrealistically rushed. Their idyllic 
marriage quickly falls apart after 
five months; lack returns to hi s for-

mer callous, possessive personality 
that Ainsley at first fails to see. The 
religion that seemed to have 
changed him briefly masks his abu-
siveness. 

He confines his wife to their 
home, justifying his actions 
through religion, and eventually 
uses violence to prevent her "dis-
obedience." 

Without sentiment , "Eye of 
God" depicts a tragedy linking 
small-town people together. The 
actors deliver honest performances 
that do not degenerate into "small-
town" caricatures or cliches. 

The movie opens and closes 
with characters ruminating about 
the presence of God in their lives. 
Although somewhat contrived, this 
technique serves to convey ground 
director Tim Blake Nelson's intent 
clearly in the viewer's mind with-
out direct proselytization: just what 
is the position of a Christian God in 

Only 
3 

more 
days 
left 

Courtesy of Landmatk Theaters 
ClulnCed ..... : Kevin Anderson stars as Jack, a convict reformed 
by God, in Tim Blake Nelson's "Eye of GOd ." 

the lives of late 20th century 
Americans'? "Eye of God" refrains 
from focusing on any particular 
character's beliefs or disbeliefs 
about God, avoiding a preachy 
slant. 

Unfortunately, the bold narra-
tive strategy employed in "Eye of 
God" overshadows the people. The 
pathos is there without the pulpit, 
but the character development 
leaves something to be desired. 

UCSD Bookstore 
M-F 8anH;pm. Sat 10am-5pm 

9500 Gilman Drive· (619)534-7323 
www-bookstore.ucsd_edu 

Birch Aquarium at Scripps Bookshop 
(81')534-8753 • M-Sun ':3Oem-5pm 

2300 Expedition Way • La Jolla 

Discount may not be combined with any other otfer_ 
Gen .... 1 merchandl .. priced .. marked. WhI~antltlH lat. 
Discount on books .. ken .. register. 2000 • ..... only. 

Magazines, best-sellers, medical books, textbooks, 
electronics and computer depsrtment are excluded. 

-



I 

18 FEAWRES The UCSD Guardian Thursday, November 13, 1997 

-------_holiJay ~ _ pirit ________ _ 
Altruism is the Theme for Tbis Season ofSbaring 

Volunteer programs allow San Diegans to give back to their community 
By VIncent Gr.,nanl 
Staff Writer 

The holiday season is often seen 
by people around the country as a 
time to spread the spirit of giving 
and sharing. 

Occasionally, as our focus gets 
tied up In consumerism and gift 
exchanging. we have to remind 
ourselves that it is better to give 
than to receive. Especially during 
the holidays. many choose to vol-
unteer to give back to their com-
munity and to improve people's 
lives. 

While there are many organiza-
tions at work in America today, one 
of the oldest and most well known 
is the Salvation Army. In many 
ways, the Salvation Army pio-
neered community service In 
America. 

from the Salvation Army. This 
organization began in 1880 as a 
pan-charity and part-church orga-
nization. 

During thiS holiday sea~on . the 
Salvation Army will continue liS 
service to the community. Baskets 
of food and toys will be given out 
to low-income families. In the ca~e 
of foster chIldren, the Salvation 
Army gives each child 'peclfic 
items that they have reque~ted. 

In order to serve such needy 
families and children, the Salvation 
Army relies heavily on food and 
toy drives put on · by local malls, 
businesses, clubs and schools. 

The Salvation Army is run by 
volunteers. These individuals are 
not recruited, but rather se lf-moti-
vated to become more active in the 
community. 

According to Gerald 
Pigeon, captain of 
the Escondido 
Salvation Army, it's 
sometimes hard to 
get the right 
volunteers at the 
right time. However, 
many volunteer to 
serve thanksgiving 
meals and end up 
continuing their 
service, at least 
through the season. 

through the season. 
In hiS 20 years with the 

alvullon Army. Pigeon says that 
hc ha~ a good Idea of how well 
community problems are beIng 

adtJ res~ed . Although there Jre 
many fa milIes WJlhoul food . toy~ or 
IO\L. a number oj Indlvldual~ with-
In thc mmmunlly are tryIng 10 
help. 

Pigeon ~ay~ thai he never real-
Ilcd the number of volunteers and 
communJly ~ervlCe workers there 
were untIl he came to work for the 
SalvatIOn Army. This year, and 
every year. his primary goal is that 
every child and family in hi s dis-
trict can have a good Christmas, 
regardless of income. 

The Salvation Army tries to give 
people a direction in life. Pigeon 's 
philosophy is that society could 
save money by helping kids when 
they are live or six years old rather 
than waiting until they end up in 

Juvcnile hall. 
Four years ago, a boy came to 

the Salvation Army saying that he 
wouldn' t he li ked because he wa~­
n' t a good person. Today. Pigeon 
proudly repons that this young man 
I~ involved in activities at the 
Salvallon Army. According to 
Pigeon, 1m IS not a unIque ~ tory ; 
many \\ hom the Salvation Army 
have helped as youth have now 
returned to vol unteer for the orga-
nization. 

The Salvation Army, however, is 
Just one 01 many charitable organi -
zations working to give low-
income and underprivileged San 
Diegans a better holiday season. 

For instance, The North County 
Interfaith Council, Catholic 
Charities and the Angel Tree pro-
ject are three groups working either 
during the holiday season or year 
round to help those in need. 

The individuals working hard 
outside shopping malls during the 
holiday season ringing bells are 

According to Gerald Pigeon. 
captain of the Escondido Salvation 
Army, it is sometimes h~rd to get 

the right volunteers at the right 
time. Many volunteer to serve 
Thanksgiving meals and end up 
continuing their service. at least 

• 
u 
III 

III 

A tellcO&ne ... tnldlllolW college courw which .. designed for television. Students meet with the 
Instructor 5 times on campus for ..... 1".. which .... held on Saturdays. Telecourses are transfer-
able to most CaIHomla colleges and universities. 
ANTH 120 ENGL 122 
Cultunll Anthropology Introduction to Llter.ture 
Orientation: ~4b~:-11:15 am Orientation: ~=~fl~ 8:00-9:30 am. 
Seminars: 2121, 3114. 414. 4125. Seminars: 2121, 3114. 414. 4f.25. 

519 (Final) 519 (Final) 
11 :20-2:35 pm, 8:00-11:15 am 
Room 0106 Room E112 

psy 165 
Developmental Psychology 
Orientation: Jan 24b9:45-11 : 15 am Room 101 
Seminars: 217. 2128. 3128, 4/18. 

5116 (Final) 
11 :20 am-2:35 pm 

Broadcasts: Satu!:,day 6:00-7:00 am on Broadcasts: Cassettes ordered through Broadcasts: 
KPBS AMI 

Aoom Ot06 
Sunday 6:00-7:00 am on 
KPBS AlTA 110 

Deecrlpllve Astronomy 
Orientation: Jan 241-8:00-9:30 am 

Room t:113 
Seminars: 2121 , 3114. 3128, 4125. 

519 (Final) 
11 :20am·2:35 pm 
Room El12 

Broadcasts: Tue5 & Thurs 
11 :00·11 :30 pm 
Repeats - Saturday 
4:00-5:00 pm 

BUS 125 
Bullne .. Law: Legal Environment 
of Buslnes, 
Orientation: Jan 24b9:45-11 :15 am Room 113 
Seminars: 2121.3/21 . 4118.519. 

5130 (Final) 
11 :20-2:35 pm 
Room 0111 

Broadcasts: Mon & Wed 
10:30-11 :00 pm 
Repeals - Saturday 

ECON 120 
7:00-8:00 pm 

PrIncIpJes of Macroeconomica 
(Concurrent enrollment in Econ 120 & 
121 is acceptable) 
Orientation: Jan 24. 9:45-11:15 cwn 

Roan El13 
Seminars: 217.2121.2128.3114, 

3121 (Final) 
8:00-11 :15 am 
Room El13 

Broadcasts: Moo & Wed 
11:00-11 :30 pm 
Repeats - saturday 
9:00-10:00 pm 

ECON 121 
PmcipIeI of MIa08COlIOl1llcl 
(Applications for enrollment will be 
fa~en until March 28). . 
Orientation! 
Serrinar: 
Seminars: 

Broadcasts: 

March 28. 8:0(H1:15am 
Room El13 
3128, 414. 4118, 512. 
5116 (Final) 
8:00-11 :15 am 
RQom E113 
Mon& Wed 
11 :00-11 :30 pm 
Aepeats - Saturday 
9:00-10:00 pm 

GEOL 110 
General Geology 
Orientation: Jan 24. 8:00-9:30 am 

Room 01!X5 
Seminars: 2121,3114,414,4125. 

519 (Final) 
8:00-11:15 am 
Room 0106 

Broadcasts: Tues & Thurs 
10:30-11 :00 pm 
Repeats - Saturday 
8:00-9:00 pm 

HIST 121 
Modern American Civilization 
Orientation: Jan 24. 11 :30 am-l:00 pm 

Room El13 
Seminars: 2121 . 3114. 4/4. 4/25, 

5/9 (Final) 
11 :20 am-2:35 pm 
Room E113 

Broadcasts: Mon & Wed 
10:00-10:30 pm 
Repeats -Saturday 
5:()(H):00 pm 

pose 121 
I"tro to U.S. Govt • Politic, 
Orientation: Jan 24, 8:OO-9::l) am 

AoomOl01 
Seminars: 2121.3114.414. 4118. 

5/9 (Final) 
8:00-11 :15 am 
Room 0116 

Broadcasts: Cassettes ordered through 
AMI 

PSY 120 
Introductory Psychology 
Orientation: . Jan 24b11 :308111-1 :OOpm 

Room 101 
Seminars: 217.2128.3128.4118, 

f./16 (Final) 
2:40-5:55 pm 
Room 0106 

Broadcasts: Tues & Thurs 
12:00 md-12:3O am 
Repeats - Saturday 
1 :00-2:00 pm 

SOC 120 
Introductory Sociology 
Orientation: Jan 24b8:00-9:3O am. Room 111 
Seminars: 217. 2128. 3128. 4125. 

5/1 6 (Final) 
8:00-11 :15 am 
Room 0116 

Broadcasts: Friday 10:00-11 :00 pm 
Repeats - Saturday 
3:00-4:00 pm 

SOC 125 
Marriage, Family & All. Lifestyles 
Orientation: Jan 24b8:00-9:30 am. Room 111 
Seminars: 217.2128.3/28. 4125. 

5116 (Final) 
8:00-11 :15 am 
Room 0116 

Broadcasts: Friday 10:00-11 :00 pm 
Repeats - Saturday 
3:00-4:00 pm 

- Broadcasts of programs can be seen on 
public Cabte TV (lTV). A few courses are 
shown on KBPS TV. Check with your cable 
company for the station number for fTV. 

~ {"UYllHlilC'~ {"oil", 
900 111(" Sill Di,.o r.,.wIY 

(I hjoll, CA 91019 

('all {'lIyalllill'iI ('ollt·/:(· ill 660-44·/·1 ror 1110/"1' illfoJ'1l1alioll 

See VOWNTlER, Page 21 

KWANZAA: 
Originated in Long 
Beach, California 
ContInued from ..... 14 
each day and placed in the seven-
candle holder called a kifUlra . 
According to Weusi-Puryear, it is 
used so extensively that it has 
become sy mbolic of the entire 
Kwanzaa concept. 
Kwanzaa as an Institution 

According to Weusi-Puryear, 
the celebration of the black people 
through the Kwanzaa holiday tradi-
tion encourages self love and inter· 
nal motivation. The rilUals are 
based on an increased awareness of 
culture and presents an opportunity 
to revilalize a dying culture. 

" It is not an African holiday. It ·s 
American, but it is based on 
African tradition," Thomas says. 
"It 's a relatively new holiday that 
has become more socially accepted 
in the last 10 years. We started 
observing it because we like the 
principles. In Kwanzaa, you are 
perpetuating a positive self-image, 
and our chi Idrcn need that." 

The celebration of cultural iden-
tity is an important tool to encour-

See KWANZA, Page 21 

MUSIC: 
Concert offers a 
change of pace 
ContInued from ..... 14 

If the $7 student ticket price for 
the Saturday and Sunday perfor. 
mances is too much, join the fami-
ly and friends of the orchestra and 
chorus for a full run-through dress 
rehearsal on Fri., Dec. 12; tickets 
are only $3 for students. The dress 
rehearsal, which the UCSD-affiliat-
cd ensemble bills as its "Casual 
Night at the Symphony," begins at 
8 p.m. 

The more formal, weekend con-
cens take place at 8 p.m. Saturday 
and 3 p.m. Sunday. Non-student 
tickets are S 14. 

For tickets and information. call 
534-4637 or check out the La 10lla 
Symphony and Chorus web site at 
www.ucsd.edJI/mwic/USCA. 

Thursday, December 4, 1997 The UCSD Guardian 

---_concert previews __ -__ 

Ringing In The New Year 
Students staying in San Diego have plenty of options 

By Scott v.c-
Co-Hiatus Editor 

For the average college student, 
New Year's Eve offers an opportu-
nity for an all-nighter fueled by 
decadence and celebration instead 
of textbooks and caffeine. 

Whether it is an intimate get-
together or a full -blown, raging 
pany, most people seek out enter-
tainment. For those of you who will 
be in the San Diego area, many 
local venues have celebrations 
lined up. 

If you're wishing the Warped 
Tour came around twice a year, the 
SOMAl91X New Year's Eve con-
cert may be your best bel. For a 
mere $17, you gain access to see 
19 bands such as Goldfinger, 
Blink-182, Save Ferris and The 
Aquabats. Many local bands will 
also be performing, including 
Unwritten Law, G-Spot and 

UTe 
Across f,om Mann TheMers 455-0420 

Del Mw HI,....,. 792-8131 
CIeI,.mont Towne Square 274-2600 

Mira Mesa ~I 566-6100 
Mlulon V .... y Cente, 293.3355 

Horton PI ... 23~2363 
Park •• , P .... 440-4488 

.. __ :;,s:.:e::.t =p~ __ .. 

TRAVELER'S DEPOT 
• Discount Travel Packs 
• Travel Books, Maps 
• All your Eurail Supplies! 
• locks, cable locks, 

Sleep Sheet, Pack Towel, 
. Teva Sport Sandals 
Rain Gear and 
all Accessories, 

W.· .. I" PI juIt ~ the 
...... ,rom CouncIl Tm.1 

It 1655 Glmtt Av. 
483 ·1421 

OPEN 7 DAYS A WEEK 

I ExPU,T ACNE FACIAL onl,' 40 .... S6(I( I BACl WAXING FDa. MEN $35 I'" $lq 
NOT VAllO WITH AN'" OfH'" 0"1111 . Ellfl'. 121t3li7 

I"INQ ,Jill COIJ"ON . V ...... IO ONlY WITH C ... u ... L'--'C ~ --=---'" ___ _ 

Salon IN. 
SSANCE , . 
CENTEl I 

You'll be seeing 
GREEN 

Furious IV. The show begins at 
6:30 p.m., and all ages are wel-
come. 

A diverse mix of musicians. 
mimes, magicians and artists will 
be the main attraction at the First 
Night Escondido '98 gala, capped 
off by midnight fireworks. 
Performance stages, activity cen-
ters and refreshment stands w;1I be 
located along Grand Avenue 
between Maple and Kalmia 
Streets, offering a safe, alcohol-
free environment to ring in the new 
year. 

Featured • performers will 
include jazz artist A.I. Croce, The 
Cheat hams, the Tim Flannery Band 
and comedian Glenn Erath. Tickets 
are $9; for more information, call 
(760) 739-0 I 0 I. 

For the 21-and-over set, virtual-
ly every major barlclub has some-
thing going on. 4th & B's New 

Year's extravaganza includes per-
formances by reggae band 
Common Sense, local disco-funk 
masters Goldfish and special guests 
Sunchild. Call 231-4343 fer more 
information. 

Rocket From The Crypt will be 
appearing at The Casbah, along 
with Deadbolt and Dustin's Diny 
Jukebox. For more information, 
call 232-4355. 

Former English Beat and 
General Public front man Dave 
Wakeling and his new band, 
Bang!!, will perform at the Belly 
Up Tavern at 8 p.m. Fans of The 
Specials, The Selecter, Bim Skala 
Bim and other traditional ska 
bands will love this performance 
by the man who made a name for 
himself with "Mirror In The 
Bathroom." 

For those who wish '80s new 
wave never died, the original mem-

mAWS 19 

Courtesy of Mojo Records/Sheryt Nlelds 
Nunc Up: Goldfinger will headline the SOMA/91X New Year's Eve 
concert at the Sports Arena with Blink-182 and Unwritten Law. 

bers of Bow Wow Wow will reunite 
for a concert at Brick By Brick. 
Best known for the hit " I Want 
Candy." Bow Wow Wow is sure to 

- ' 

please fans of bands like 
Bananarama, Adam Ant and 
Blondie. Call 275-UVE for more 
information. 

because we're READ 
Th. · UCSD GU.uctl,11l • Colli 5J.t 1-l6fl 

1 .. -_---1 www.~.c:om 
DECEMBER 25 - --OPENS 

*---, 
EVERV'\VHER.B-~~· 

• 

-



20 fEATIlRES The UCSD Guardian 

l>wCJr~ MOLniain <;ame~ 

5450,0 Clairemont Mesa Blvd. 
San Diego, CA 92117 

(619)569-GAME 

VAM~'R[ 
Sink Jonr teeth into it The Masquerade-

Vampire The Masquerade Is A Rcg l~tcred Trademark of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. 

ILLION DOLLAR COMPANY IS SEEKING PROFESSIONALS 
IN'tEI\ESTED IN A FINANCIAL SALES CAREER WITH A FOUR-YEAR 

\ 

TRAINING PROGRAM THAT CAN LEADTO : 

-Securltle. Registration 

-Certified Financial Planner 

-Chartered Life Underwriter 

[~F-MOTiVATION AND D.EstIlE OLlEGE DEGREE OR EQYI 
P REFE RRE D. FI RS~T~Y~£:~A~R~C:EOM~~~~~!?!'~~~~~~~~J 

Thursday, December 4, 1997 

Arena 
What's the best (or worst) 
thing about the holidays? 
Interview by Mark Comer 
Photography by Dave Pllz 

The best thing would be 
the presents during 
Christmas. The worst thing is 
that it's too hart. 

The wars thing is that J 
have to work a lot, and there's 
a lot of pea lIe, so it's more 
annoying to ;0 to work. 

Ih_non Chrlatopht 
Roosevelt Sophomor 

The wars 
you don't f( 
season at E; 
five days. r 
a week off 

ling here is that 
ly get a holiday 
er, you only get 
rather they take 
. Christmas and 

give us anOl ler week, so we 
have more ti lle off for Easter. 
We don't f( lIy get a break 
from studyi )' 

Uza Uncoln 
Revelle 'Sophomore 

You 'don' t have to go to 
school, but everywhere you 
tum you're getting Christmas 
shoved down your ·throat. 

Andr •• leldell 
Muir Senior 

Unlimited 
Interne·t Access! 

Just $8.2S/mo.!* 
• Highest quality equipment & service 
• Free sof1ware 
• 30-day. money back guarantee 
• No ~et-up lee 
Dqn't be left outl CaU me nowl 

Karey Tonnesen 
(619) 456-7898 
rax: (619) 456-7441 ' 
Email : KureyOflash.net 

--....,eId 011_ ....... 
0IIIr ..... DIe '1, 1117. Oller ............. 

, 

Thursday. November 13, 1997 

VOLUNTEER: 
UCSD offers many 
opportunities 
ContI ....... rro. PIIC- 18 

UCSD also provides opportuni-
ties to get involved. The Volunteer 
Connection at UCSD coordinates 
student volunteers through their 
office in the Price Center. 

For this holiday season, the 
Volunteer Connection is participat-
ing in the Share Bear program. 
Through this program. the name 
and Christmas wish of a child is 
written on a picture of a bear. These 
bears will then be posted around 
campus, and the hope is that stu-
dents will pick up a bear, buy the 
child a gift and bring it to the 
Volunteer Connection office locat-
ed on the second floor of the Price 
Center. 

In addition to the Share Bear 
project, Volunteer Connection will 
be participating in soup kitchens 
and homeless shelters. 

According to Pranav Patel, Co-
Director for Active Students for 
Kids. a division of the Volunteer 
Connection, UCSD relies on peo-
ple coming in looking for volunteer 
opportunities. Once a student 
comes in and expresses interest in 
volunteering, their name is put on a 
database that helps the Volunteer 
Connection find volunteer opportu-
nities that are best suited for that 
student. 

Voluntee r opportunities are 
readily available, both at UCSD 
and in our home communities. 
Wherever you will be spending this 
holiday season, there will be people 
in need of your help. All you have 
to do is look around. 

KWANZAA: 
Culture is conveyed 
through institutions 
ContInued fro. PIIC- 18 
age self love among the younger 
generation of African Americans. 

"Culture lives in and is trans-
mitted through the character of a 
people and their institutions -as 
shown in their manners and their 
ocial and political customs," 

Weusi- Pury ear says . "The 
strength of a people depends in 
large part on the purposefulness 
and social value of their cultural 
manners and customs. We. 
African Americans, make our 
future more hopeful when we 
shllre and practice positive cus-
toms - like Kwanzaa." 

The UCSD Guardian 

Bach/Stokowski Toea .. a ~ F~ 
j.s. Ba Mapif"lCat ill D ~ 
. eh pher lWar.;e Karolja . 

FEAlURES 21 

FRIDAY. DEetMl1 
NINETEE ' TM 

TO THE 

DECEMB 130-14, 1997 IDWAIDS DEL MAl. THEATER 
SATURDAY 8:00PM" SUNDAY 3:00PM 

MANDEVILlf AUDITORIUM , UCSD 
STUDENTS $7' stANDARD $14 

CALL 534-4637 

beyond 

your stock of 

c!osswark is a well · 

deserved holiday. What better 

time for something thor II make nexl 

• 150MHz Penliume processor 
- 16MB RAM (expandable 10 48MB) 

• 1.4GB hard drive 
-11.3 ' DuaI·Scan SVGA Ral·ponel display 

• 1 28-bit Accelerated Graphics 
• Inlernal 33.6K modem 

• PremierSound Audia System 
• NelWork-reody (Ethernet PC Cord) 
• Comprehensive software bundle 

for school and home 
• Three-year limited warronry 

(carry in, pick up)' 

year easier? With the Compaq Presoria 

I090ES, you can download photo, off the Web, 
grab facts from the CD encyclopedia, drop them into your 

report and e·mail it to your professor. And at only 7.3 paund" 

you can do it a t school , at home , even at the pizzo shop. But wh ile 

Compaq sell, more computers than any other company on earth, this offer is 

not long for the world . It 's good only until December 31 , 1997 or while supplies lost. 

TO ORDER YOUR OWN CAU 1-888-215-8872 M'F 7-7 (CST); Sot 9-3 (CST) 
For more information, visit your campus computer store. 

COMPAQ 
www.compoq.com/education 

Rff1VHIne 



22 HIATIlS The UCSD Guardian Thursday, December 4, 1997 

------_theater & art exhibits 
---------------------------

Celebrate the ~eason with Art and Theater Events 
Plays and museum exhibits offer a variety of new things to see over the vacation 

Art Exhibits 
John Altoon 
Museum of Contemporary Art 

John Altoon is known for his 
colorful abslraci painings and figu-
ralivc drawings. 

The ex hibil traces Alloon's 
search for individual style and voice 
through more than 50 paintings. 

Exhibit will run Ihrough March 
II. 

For i nformalion, call 234 -100 I. 
"word + symbol + Icon" 
Athenaeum MUSIC & Arts Library 

Exhibition will ~howcase the 
works of Robin Bright , Lenore 
Hughes and Mane Najcra. 

ExhibJl wIll run through Jan. 10. 
For Information, call 454-5872. 

Arts of the Amazon 
Museum of FoIl! Art 

Exhibition will showcase 250 
ritual and other art objects repre-
senting tribes of the Amazon Basin. 

Exhibit will run Ihrough April. 
For information, call 239-0003. 

Peter Pan 
San Diego Civic Theatre 

Cathy Rigby stars in the classic 
musical produclion of Peler Pan, 
the story of a liule boy determined 
to never grow up, based on Ihe play 
by Sir James M. Barrie. 

The show will run Dec. 30 
through Jan. 4. 

For information call: 570-1100. 
Our Oay Apparel 
Diversionary Playhouse 

Robert Joseph'!. play ahout 
"Santa Claus, Drag Queen~ , 
Parents & Dykes" makes this a play 
that makes the holiday season 
risky business. 

Studenl discounts available with 
proper LD. 

The play will run through Jan. 3. 
For information, call 220-0097. 

F,.,.,..".,,..,12/ .. U 

Twelfth NlCht 
Old Globe Theater 

A hilarious comedy of mistaken 
identity and unrequited love. A vio-
lent shipwreck eparates Viola 
fro m her twin brother Sebaslioan. 
When Viola finds herself in a for-
eign land, she seeks refuge hy dis-
guising herself a~ a man. 

Hilari ty cn~ues when the Duke 
sends hi ~ newly hired page, Viola, 
to woo the woman who will not 
have him. Don ' t mi~~ what hap-
pens when Cupid 's arrows st rike 
the wrong heart~ . 

Twelfth Night will run Dec. 4-7 
and Dec. IO-13 . 

For information, eall 239-
2255. 

The Nutcracker 
Mandeville Auditorium and Theatre 
East in EI Cajon. 

In the San Diego Baller's sev-
enth annual production of "The 
Nutcracker," people of all ages wi II 
enjoy the irresistible charms of this 
timeless holiday children's classic, 
set to Tchaikov ky's magical 
score. 

Starring Jennifer Brown as 
Sugar Plum Fairy and Javier 
Velasco as Drosselmeyer. 

Three performances will run at 
Theatre East in EI Cajon Dec. 5-7; 
SIX performances at the Mandeville 
Auditorium at UCSD from Dec. 
18-21. 

To purchase tickets, call 442-
7500. 

San Diego Civic Theatre 
Tony Award-winner Mandy 

Patinkin in concen with pianist 
Paul Ford, presented by San Diego 
Playgoers. Performances Jan. 9-10. 

For informalion, call 570-1100. 

Miscellaneous 
Trolley Follies 

Award winning Mystery Cafe 
and Old Town Trolley Tours 
announces an exciting premiere 
holiday attraction. 

The Trolley Follies takes a 
pinch of the Universal Studios 
Tram tours and a dash of 
Disneyland's Guided Jungle Safari 
ride and adds it to the sparkle of 
San Diego 'S festive holiday lights. 

Runs through Dec. 28. 
For information, call 544-9225 

California Center for the Arts 
Grammy-nommated anisl Kitaro WIll 
perform holiday favorites . Dec. 9 at 8 
p.m. For more information, call 220-
TIXS. 

-Ilona Fass 

Extended Hours- South Study Room Only 
12 midnight - 3:00am 

your 
first haircut 

with the newest 
addHion to 
ou r staff ~ 

(Reg. $25) 
Other discounts available when you 
present your student ID. 

12/14/17 -1/4/N 
CLOSED 

RelUl. Schedule .t"". Monday, 1/5/9. 
Sunday 1 :00pm - 11:45pm 

Mon-Thurs 9:00am - 11:45pm 
Friday 9 :00am - 8:45pm 

Saturday 11:00am - 8 :45pm 

J.nu.y 17-19, 1998 
Saturday 11:00am - 8:45pm 

Sunday 12:00prn - 4:45pm 
Monday 12:00pm . 11:45pm 

F.",uIWY 14-111, 19_ 
Saturday 

Sunday 
Monday 

11:00am - 8:45pm 
12:00pm - 4:45pm 
12:00pm - 11:45pm 

To schedule an appoInt .... nt, call: 

1457-2930 
VILLA LA JOLLA DR. #2120 

~U •• ___ 1 ____ .. __ 
9""i !TjJ./1ZU1., IIII!:J 

Metliall dM.rioft cf THE PRINCETON REVIEW 

~ c-. ... .. 
• 15511 ... CMf 12 weeks -iIcWts 1 02.51Ktu" IIo.m 
• Upf016F ..... Pr.clbIKATb ... 
• Computer ~ ICII't r..,t .. 
• 4,000,.. elM. moteriaIlIIId jlUeIke pcmoges. 
• 10 pref.1ieMIy afIIItHtI and sand essays. 
• Mtoge cbs size el20 ........ (maxinrm 24). 
• hery dlss has 4 • .,..... ..... 1nIdtn willi 

... -'. II PU. degIaes in .. spetiI.-,. 
• FtM I1iIion: $945 (nil I...., ....... 1.). 
• CIn.II ..... t • IIfIIIea: yow choU eI 

10 ............ - choose the 0lIl whidI 
best 61s yocr ~l 

PROFESSIONAL 

MCAT 
PREP COURSE 

619.558-0500 
IOO.MlHOUND 

•• c.uu, ___ ""... ANYWHfRL 

Thursday, December 4, 1997 The UCSD Guardian 

Courtesy of Twentieth Century Fo. 
KI ..... : Ethan Hawke and Gwyneth Paltrow share a romantic moment in "Great Expectations.· 

MOVIE: 
Holiday season huge 
for Hollywood 
Continued frOlll peee 13 
meets a trio of young American 
lourists (Tom Everett Scott, Vince 
Vieluf and Phil Buckman) in Pari s. 
The three are seeking thrills around 
Europe and soon discover that their 
new acquaintance is more than she -
appears to be. The computer gener-
ated werewolves look a tad cheesy 
but an interesting story may save 
the film. 
MThe Big Lebowskl" 

"Fargo" may have left Coen 
Brothers fans a little disappolOtec.l 
but their history of great fihm 
such as "Raising Arizon a" and 
"The Hudsucker Proxy" make Ih lS 
latest offering worth seeing. A 
case of mistaken identity draws 
Dude Lebowski (Jeff Bridges) 
into a complex kidnapping plot 
involving a debt with the mob. 
Steve Buscemi, John Goodman, 
Julianne Moore and Flea round 
out the cast. 

Dec. 31, 1997 
"Oreat Expectations" 

This present-day version of the 
classic Charles Dickens novel slars 
Ethan Hawke as Pip, Gwyneth 
Paltrow as ESlella, Anne Bancroft 
as Ms. Dinsmoor and Robert 
DeNiro as Lustig. If you ' re thrilled 
with the "Clueless" and "Romeo 
and Juliet" treatment that classic 
stories have been gellmg slapped 
with recently, this romantic story 
may be up your alley. 
"Oscar and Lucinda" 

This is the story of two extraor-

dinary people and the events that 
shaped their lives. Oscar (Ralph 
Fiennes) is a misfit and an outcast 
with the soul of an angel who 
meets Lucinda (Cate Blanchell) on 
a ship going to Australia. They di s-
cover that they are both passionate 
gamblers. Lucinda wagers Oscar 
her entire inheritance over a seem-
ingly impossible bet which Oscar 
accepts and the subsequent adven-
tures change their live forever. 

Jan, 9, 1998 
"Wa, The Dogr 

After being l:aught in a scan -
dalous situation days before the 
election , the ~resident (lames 
Belushi ) docs not seem to have 
much chance of being re-electcc.l. 
One of hi ~ ad vi or~ (Rohert 
De iro) talks to a top Hollywood 
producer (Dustin Hoffman) in 
order 10 manufacture a war in 
Albania that the president can hero-
ically resolve, all through mass 
media. 

Jan. 16, 1998 
"Fallen" 

Detective John Hobbes (Den7J!1 
Washington) begins to suspect that 
the serial killer he's searching for 
may be a fallen angel. The plot 
thickens when Hobbes realizes that 
the vengeful angel may be able to 
pass on his sou I through physical 
contact between people. The spirit 
goads Hohbes on by murmuring 
the tunc "time's on my side" every 
time he enters a ncw host 
MHard Rain" 

Take a disaster fli ck. a banI.. 
heist and an action movie, hit puree 
and you'll get "Hard Rain ." 
Christian Slater plays all armored 

car driver whose truck is held up in 
the midst of a flood . Morgan 
Freeman plays the robber who 
quickly discovers Slater has man-
aged to hide the money. Slater con-
fides Ihe location of the loot to the 
town's sheriff who locks him up. 
Once Slater escapes he has to battle 
Freeman, hi s thugs, the sheriff and 
the rising flood in order to recover 
the money. 
"Desperate Measures" 

Frank Connor (Andy Garcia) IS 
a fathcr desperately searching for a 
bone marrow transplant for his ai l-
ing son. He·s also a San Franclsl:\l 
police of/icer who happens 10 know 
that the one potential donor IS a 
convicted multiple murderer Peter 
McCahe (Michael Keaton ). 
McCalx: ~ees the trip to the hospital 
as a perfect chance \() escape and 
takes the chance turning the ho ·pi-
tal into a batlleground. Connor is 
forced to both search for and pro-
tect the killer in order to save hi s 
son's life. 

Feb. 6, 1998 
"Bluet Brothers 2000" 

Elwood Blues, now the lone 
Blues Brother, is released from jail 
and once again is enlisted by Sister 
Mary Stigmata to raise funds for 
the children's hospilal. So Elwood 
hits the road on another mission 
from God to reunite the band. 
Along the way he enlists the help of 
strip-club banender Mighty Mack 
McTeer (lohn Goodman). The film 
has an impressive list of cameo 

appearance~ including Jame, 
Browp once again a~ the Reverend 
Cleophus James, Eric Clapton, Bo 
Diddley, Aretha Franklin, B.B. 
King and Erykah Badu. 

before 

Finals 

HIATIJS 23 

UTIFUL SMILES MADE HERE 

• White Fillings, Porcelain Crowns & 
Veneers, Bonding 

• Teeth Whitening, Safe & Effective 
($150 per arch) 
Straighten Teeth with Clear 
BraceslRetainers 

• Oral Surgery, Root Canal Therapy, 
Periodontal Care 

e.24 Hour Emergency Care 
• Also Open Evenings & Saturdays 
• Complimentary Cosmetic Video 

Imaging 
• Oentallmplants to Replace: Missing 

Teeth, Loose Fitting Partials and 
Oentures (FDA ApprOved) 

1 00 7 ~~~sl~~~;:~~: ~.1. _____________ _ 
NEW PATIENT SPECIAL 

I 
I 

$ 5 00 . Doctor's Exam" Consuttalion I 4 . Full Mouth etuning I • X-Rays (2 Bitewings) I • Ont Cane... crooning 
• e ... plim~nlary Orthodontic Evaluation. 

-------------------~ 50 GENESEE AVENUE, SUITE 312 

UniversiLJ. or 6an Di 80 
• Experienced Faculty 
• Lecture Courses 
• In-Class Practice Exams 
• You Score in Top 25 % or 

Take Next Course Free 

Test Preparation Courses 
Serra Hall 316, Alcala Park,' 
San Di~~o. CA 
92110 

after 



24 CLASSIAEDS 

EVE N T S 
AERO SMITH 1 sl row COUrtslde @ SDSU 
Friday, Dec 121h (10) lixs $95 each. 
ROlLING STONES field sec 5- (4) lixs 
$20£. each. 619-558-8975. (1214) 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
The 9th Annuallighling Survey Walk lakes 
place on December 8 (main campus) and 
December 17 (residenlial areas). If you have 
concerns aboul lighling or wanl more 
Inlormatlon please contact Sludent Salety 
Awareness Program al 534-5793 or 
sludentsalety@ucsd.edu (1211 - 1214) 

I =i -=CId: I =t j 1:m 
,.. ROUND TRIP COURIER FARESi' 
ondon 5285 .... Ico $1 50 Hong Kong $389 
Chi,. S360 Sydney $520 1IengiI0ic 5370 

• 40·80°/0 OFF ALL FARES. 
AIR COURIER 'NTH/NATIONAL 

1-800-298-1230 24 hr 

MOVIE CASTING! All types/races/ No 
experience necessary Career opportUnity 
Feature films with known director. Free 
headshots Fun! Call 619-621 -6742. (121 
4.1/5-8) 

EMPLOYMENT 
$ 1500 weekly polential mailing our Circulars. 
No experience reqUired. Free Information 
packet. Call 410-783-8279. (1012-1214) 
Paid Mana;ement Inlernshlp-Student 
Works Painting is now hiring for Spring/ 
Summer 1998. Seeking motivated 
applicants for hlQh level Internship. Dulles 
Include Interviewing. hiring. development of 
customer relallOns. control of marketing and 
sales. and production management. Call 1-
800-394-6000. (10/23-1214) 
AccounlanliBookkeeper. PIT. growing 
so"ware company In La Jolla. Musl be 
proficient Quickbooks Pro. $10.00lhr. . 20-
25 hrslwkly. Fax resume 619-459-5241 . 
(1113-1214) 
FINANCIAL CONSULTING. FulVPart time 
positions. Comprehensivelralnlng provided. 
All majors welcome. economics/ 
managemenl sCience mafors a plus 
Potenhal earnings of over StO.OOO/month 
273-6576. (11124-1214) 
Part Time clericel. for Saturday/Sunday. In 
an active Real Estale OffICe. T elsphone. 

The UCSD Guardian 

CLASSIFIEDS 
The UCSD Guard/an reserves Ihe right 10 classify , edit. delele offenslye words and 
phrases. andlorrefuse any and all advertisements wllhout proor nalihcation. The Advertiser 
Will nOI hold the Guardian liable lor any claims resultong from the publicallon 01 the 
advemsemenl. The publisher Will atso not be held accounlable for any claim from an 
agreemanl made between the advertiser and Ihe consumer 
Copy should be reviewed by Ihe advertIser lor errors. In order 10 be carreCled In the next 
regular Issue. all errors musl be reported by the corresponding de.Ollne Credl l WIll only 
be given for the Incorreel portion 01 the advertlssmenl. There are no relunds for cancellalions. 
Pie ... Mnd Iff correspondence regarding Cla .. 1l1ec11 10: 
UCSD Guardian. Attn: Cluslfled •• 9500 Gllmln Drtva 10311. Le JolIl. CA 92093. 
Actulilocatlon: Student Canla, A. Room 217. 

Computer & accllng. skills reqUired. 456-
0009. (11120-1214) 
Durante's Gnlle & Sports Cafe seeking 
experienced servers. Apply 1 0-2pm M·F at 
2010 Jimmy Durante Blvd . SUile 105. (111 
24-1214) 
ReqUire tutor lor teenage 9th grade boy. 
Weekdaysa"er 3:30 10 University City. $12 
per hour please call Stephen al 558-7472 
after 6pm.11211-4) 
Me rshalls In La Jolla has Ihe perleel Job lor 
you! Pari time posilions now available. with 
flexible scheduling to meellhe demands of 
a busy lifestyle. Apply In person at Marshalls. 
La Jolla Village Square. ('211-4) 

PART TIME HOLIDAY lOBS! 
............ 1 I I,cqlCo. 
IIai.'D'If~" 12 ........... paid Irol_ • ."., + "I • 

Call 619-587-2829 
Harmonium in Mira Mesa IS hiring Reereahon 
Leaders for an Ouldoor program. Monday-
Friday part time afternoons $6.50-7.25 per 
hour. Musl have year experience working 
with children or leens ages 6-15. Call 
Rubyanne 566-5740. (1211·4) 
Aalan ModtI Search- Female lor magazine. 
calendar production. Earn exira Income. No 
expenence OK cell now (619) 688-8470. 
(1214) 
Being Fit Filness Centers is hinng salesl 
trainers and expo Aerobic Inslructors. Call 

483-9294. (1214 ) 
EAST OF ... An Austral Medilerranean Cale 
is seeking enthusiastic persons 10 JOin our 
team. Our food Is fast. fresh. and flavortul. 
We are In Carmel Valley (nearcempus) and 
have morning and evening part time 
openings. Please call 259-3278. (1214-1/8) 
On-Campus Job opening lor swim 
instructors. Musl have CPR. First-Aid. and 
WSI or eqUivalent hours teaching. Pay is 
S81hr. Weekends only. Call 534-5246 il 
Inlerested. (1214) 

ROOMMATES 
La Jolla fumlshed rooms for renl, orfumished 
rooms to share In house. Private entrance. 
working studenVprofessional. Non-smoker. 
no pets. II Ie cooking. conSiderate . 
responsible. very clean. qUiel. low key 
environment. walking distance to beach. 
nearschoot. Ranging from $485.00-$600.00 
Including utilities. Call 1-619-459-6322. (11 / 
17-1129) 
Furnished room to share in vegetarian 
household in Clalremont. 7 miles from 
UCSD S250/mo. includes utilitles/ceble! 
gardener. No smoking/drugslpels. 569-
9134. (1214) 
Roommale neededslartingJanuaty. walking 
dislance Irom UCSD. Own bedroom 
available. Are you easygoing With no SOCial 
probl!.ms? mIf 638-9927. j l3'4) 
Wanted Roommate to share apt. Own room 
$388Imonth + ulililies. 10 mlnS from UCSD 
in Mira Mesa. Near slores and restaurants. 

'" 

Over SO DIFFERENT COMPUrERS from $99 to SlS99 . 

Classified Line 
Ad Rates 

SIIDnta: S2 pet 20 words 
Flcul(y • Staff: 53 per 20 words 

All olllers: Sot per 20 words 
Advance payment 15 required. 

Classified Display 
Ad Rates 

$9.00 per cotumn inch 
C.adllnes: 

Ptllllic.lio" 0.. Dilplay An Une Ad. 
Noon Thut.. 3 pm Thurl. 
Noon lion. 3 pm lion. 

cell 578-7032(Lilyl _l' ~4-1/5) 
Room available Mesa Graduate 
Apartments. Ouiet. engineering grad. Non·-
smoking. don'l drink. I don't have parties or 
overnight guests. Call Richard 622-1193 
Leave a message. (1214) 
2 Bedrooms each w/own bath in Hilicresl. 2 
blocks Irom Iree UCSD shunle! Beautilul. 
big apartmenl. Rooms available end 01 Dec. 
$390/mo .• 300 deposit. Call Monica 299-
4608. l!. 214) 
Solana Beach unfurn. roomibalh. Phone. 
wid. prkg. pool. jac. beach. Female 4001 
mon + 1/2 util. 259-0432. (1214) 

FOR RENT 
OWN YOUR OWN HOME. save rent $. 
Condos $100.000+. Homes $200.000+. 
SpeCial savings UCSD staNlstudents. Area 
expert. 20 years experience. REiMAX 
COASTAL Judilh Haddox. 274-44n. (10/ 
6-3112_) _ 
One large room In La Jolla Colony. Own 
bathroom. WID. Pool. underground parking. 
Avail. mid-Dec/Jan. $577.501month. 458-
0102. (11/13-1214) __ _ 
ForRent: 4BR2 Bahouse. NorthClairmonl. 
10 mins Irom UCSD. Culdesac. Fireplaces. 
skylights. New kilchen, baths. Beauliful 
garden. gardener. $1450. Available 1198 
270-7841 . (11120-1214) 
Senior Female needs roommate to share 2 
bedroom apartment in UTC on Genesee. 
$400/month. CaIl S58-7083. (11124-1214)_ 
La Jolla Furnished room in condo. near 
UCSD. bus. kilchen. utilities. washer/dryer. 

Wednesday, December 4, 1997 

pool. Preler male graduale or poSI-doc. 
$500, $200 deposit. 450-6935. (11120-1f4) 
A room avaWabie lor winterbreak(12114-121 
31) In a 3-bedroom oondo lor $212. female. 
non-smoker. 558-3171 . (1214) 
Share room ($265) or have il to yourself 
($530). Private bath, balcony. washer/dryer. 
Share apl. with two UCSD students. 622-
9588. (1214) _____ _ 
Share Normal Heights Condo with 2 cets. 
Unlfurnished room + laundry. NSIND 
$325+$300 deposit includes ulil~ies cell 
Kalhy 281 -3306. (1214-_" ...!.5) __ _ 
Furnished room with private bath on Gilman. 
Mellow. malure sludent (non-smoking) to 
share home with posl doctorallamily. $425. 
Including utilities. Available 12116. 581-1245. 

(121~ 
Master Bedroom lor renl. Single or to share 
$520 + 114 utilities. Call Michelle or John 
622-9588. (1214) 
La Jolla Master BedrOOm lor rent. $500. 
Furnished. jacuzzi. pool. laundry. kitchen. 
covered parking. Available December 
through March. Trenor 678-0553. (1214) 

FOR SALE 
Custom surtboards. GRIFFIN SURFBOARD 
Encinitas. Shortboards. guns. lish. eggs. 
longboards. 7' and under $265 .00 . 
Longboards $350.00. (760) 942-7079 (121 
4). __ _ 
Southwest patlern. SOFA. ARMCHAtR. 
OTTOMAN for $150. Office desk good 
condition $30 . Call 538·2113 leave 

meSS!~ (1211-,;.4)!-___ _ 
A Computer! 486Dx411 00 Mhz! 426 MB hd! 
Monitor optional! key board and mouse. All 
software I $399. Call 488-7903. (1~4) 
1996 Acura Integra GSR Sedan, air bags. 
abs. power everything. alpine cd changer. 
ctillord alarm. $16.950 or beSI. 619-972-
2622 or 619-450-4020 x 314. (1214) _ 
'92, 20in Diamondback APEX mtn bike 4 
sale. Manitov 3 shocks. DXILX components. 
control stem. PanaracerDarllYetitires. Good 
condition. $350. 455-7043. (1214) 
Upgrade your old compuler lor x-mas! 
Penlium looMHz wi motherboard. 512k 
ceche. $180. 558-0565. (1214) 

VV ANT E 0 
Malesand females paid $30.00 lor interview. 
II you are of Japanese, Chinese, or Korean 
descent. call VA. 552-8585 x2182. (9/23-

Sample Sale! 
10% Off 
PURCHASE WITH 
COUPON. 

(619)537-5395 
Wed.-Thur.-Fri. 10:00-3:00 

THE WEEKEND EXERCISE COMPANY, INC. 
_.. 8860 carroll W.y, San Diego, CA 92121 

Huge selection of LAPTOPS, PRINTERS & 
MUCH MOREl SPLIT ENDS HAIR SALON 

Over 160 STORES to serve you ntJt;,o",~;(Jlel 

CC§:mR!t!cr 
7305 CLAtREMDNT MESA BLVD. 

KEARN'Y MESA 
576-2001 

M - F 10 AM - ? PM • SAT. 10 AM - 6 PM 
SUN . 1 1 AM-S PM 

* ~ Only 5 milt! (rom UCSD. Takt! 52 t!Ost 10 805 sauch,;;.. -lL-____ ..... __ --L_-==_-_, .. _ • ...LJ 
fic/! OOlrmlont Meso 8/vd .• t!Ost two blocks. 

UCSD 
PO's 

Accepted 
We BUY, SELL and TRADE ~ 
USED & NEW computers g 

A FULL SERVICE HAIR SALON. 

~STUDENT DISCOUNT \\iN 
~. 

~ 20% OFF 
H.ECHJL.A.R PRICE HA.IRCUT $15.00 
ANY SERVICE, wlrn A VALID STUDENT OR 

FACULITY I.D. NO OTHER DISCOUNTS APPLY 
1415 6ARNfT AVfNUE, PACifiC BEACH (b1Q)270-b500' 

Off STREET PARKIN6 IN BACK 

Wednesday, December 4, 1997 

1214) 
Jewish Americen subjects reimbursed for 
inlerview. II you are UCSD student. 21-25. 
cell 552-8585 x 4185 for inlormation. (9/23-
1214) 

EGG DONORS 
NEEDED. 

If you are a healthy female 
between the ages of 18 and 32 

and have health Insurance . 
Compensation $2.500 . 

Call Mi rna Navas at 

(310) 829-6782 
for more info. 

EGG DONORS NEEDED! Have you 
considered helping an inlert ile couple's 

. dream come true! If you're 2 1 -30ye~rs and 
willing to help. please call OPTIONS at 
(800) BB 6·9373. All races needed . 
Compensation 53,500. (9/23-1 21~ 
WANTED: 36 PEOPLE. We'lI pay you 10 
lose we ight up to 29+ Ibs!!! FREE 
SAMPLES!! ' Call619-5~5-4894 . (1211-4 ) 
Healthy male volunteers ages 25 to 50 
years old are needed to participate in a 
study examining the effect of sound on the 
eye blink rellex at the UCSD Medical Center 
In Hillcrest. No medications. Intact hearing 
required. Free shuttle transporta tio'l is 
a~ailable . Free shuttle transportation is 
available. Monetary compensallon Will be 
prOVided lor eligible part iCipants who 
complete the study Call 543-2494 lor 
Inlo.rmation (11117-1/8) 

~~~~~~ 
~ WOMEN WHO ~ 
~ AREPROUD ~ 
~ of their heritage. you ~ 
; may be eligible to be an ; 

egg donor if you are ~ 
; 21 -28 years . healthy. ~ 

~ responSible. ~ 
~ Call Jessica. FFC ~ 
~ 619-581-1820 ~ 
~ GENEROUS ~ 
~ COMPENSATION ~ 
~ Asian'donors needed ~ 

~-~~~~~ 
AStAN FEMALE HAIR MODELS needed 
for upcoming hairshows. magazines. make-
up. videos . All heights ok! Top . pay! 
Beginners okl Call free (anytime) 1-800-
959-9301. (1 1120·1129) 
Wanted: live-in; part or full lime chlldca re 
Experience necessary. Call Rhonda 
(619)481 -3727. (11 /20-1214) 
Wanted: Part or fu ll time nanny. L,ye-In or 
out. Dulles include driving children to and 
Irom school. helping with homeWOrk. driving 
to aNernoon appointments. & simple meal 
preparation. Experience an~ relerences 
necessary. Must have own transportallon . 
Call Emma (760)632-9366. (1"1124-1214). 
WANTED : Bilingual MndrnlEng Teaching 
exp prt. 49&-9212 (1211'-118) • 
i'ian Model Search· Female for magazine. 
celendarproduction. Earn extra Income. No 

experienc~ OK call now (619) 688-B47p. 
(1214) 
Wanted; live-in. part or full time childcare. 
Experience necessa,ry. Call Rhc,llda 

\ (619)481-3727. (t2l4) 

. I • 

. EARNloolWK lor doing nothing' Looking 
lor any running cer during vacation. 1219-? 
$. rength negotiable . Call 587-3963 . 
dolimOucsd.edu. (1214) 
Senior Citizen needs Housework help. About 
1 Ofhours per week. Student must have own 
cer. University City area. Can pay $5.15 per 
hour. Will try to work around schOOl schedule. 
Please cell Carol at 453-6102. -"214) 

SERVICES 

~ LaJolla · 
"9-Barber ShOE) 
QUALITY BARBERING. 
. Haircuts $10 
MINUTES FROM UCSD 

7760 Fay Ave, Suite F 
Downtown LB. Jolla 
nm /0 me Empress HoIei 

459-5792 
HOURS: Tues-Fri. '8 '30-.3:00 

Sal. 8:00-3;00 
. Closed 'Sun, & Mon. 

PSYCHOTHERAPY_ Become better able 
to cope with Ine's stresses. Identify and 
overcome obstactes 10 academic 
achievement. Help with mood difflCUl1ies. 
anxiety. identity issues. relationship 
problems. Supporlive. caring approach. 
Close to campus. Reduced lees forstudenls. 
Carol Randolph. PhD. (PSYI5060) 619-
699-8484. (11117-1/15) 

PC + MAC rental. $4 .50/hr Word 
processing. Laser prints. color output 
resumes. Cal Copy. 452-9949 (wIlD) (1 !1 
24-118) 
Passport Photo • • $5.95. Color laser copies. 
6ge Cal Copy. 452-9949 (wilD) (11124-1/8) 

Your Calling Card 
Costs Too Much t 

USA_ ...... _ .... _. ___ ........ 17.5t 
Australla .. _ ... _ ............ _.32e 
Canada .... _ .. . . _ ............. 22e 
Franc8. __ . __ .. _._ ...... _ ... ___ 3ge 
Gennany ............... , .... 36¢ 
Hong Kong ............... .. 4ge 
Japan .................... .. ... 4ge 
Mexico City ................. 64¢ 
Singapore ................... 46¢ 
Sweden ...... _ .. ____ ......... 27e 
Taiwan .... _._ ........... _ ..... 68e 
United Kingdom .. __ ...... 27¢ 

Signup Online at. .. 
www.vnetcard.com/jcronin 

Save Big On Calls 
to 225 Countries! 

VQic~rNfJ.t 
Copies 3 112~ . leller-size. Cal Copy. 452-
9949 (wi lD) (11124-1/8) 
Psychotherapy: Individual and couples 
therapy . in a supportive and caring 
environment. to help you deal with Personal. 
Fam\ly & School Pressures. Relationship 
Issues . Depression . Loss. AnXiety . 
Pre.gnaney. Sell Esteem. Motivation. Career 
Issues. etc. Laurie Kolt . Ph.D" Psychologist 

(Lic~P~Y8556) , La Jolla 456-2005. (1214) 

LOST & FOUND 
I found a paycheck worth nearty $400. 
Payable to Carine Neguyen and issued by 
Proslull. Gall 587-3963. dolimOucsd.edu 
(1214) . 

PERSONALS 
To the awesome Senior setter on tHe 
womEn·svolleybaliteam· youR jump serve 
Is the talk of the slaNds I am so. so proud 
01 you- I wouldn't miss your big gamE forthe 
world- Yourbiggestfan . yourl ilsls. (t2l1 -4) 
.GUYS & DOllS AND YOUR LOVE! Call 
today 1-900·255-2525. ext. 5127. $2.99/ 
minute. 18 yrs +. Serv-U (6t9) 645-8434 
(1211-4) 
A8S0LUTE POWER! Take charge of your 
hfe today! Be in control 01 your future-contact 
'a gffted prolessional, live psychic. Call today! 
1·900-255-0jOO. ext. 2680. $3.99/minute. 
18 yrs+. Serv·U (619) 645-8434. (1211-4) 

The UCSD Guardian 

FIND 
Roommates 

Tlckela 
Cars 
Bibs . 
Deals 

Rtotals 
Stereos 

Surfboards 
Auto Repair 

Sales 
Jobs 

Campaters 

udmertin 
TIle ...... 
upstairs In the 
~tudent Center. 

above the 
General Store. 

CLASSIAEDSYS 

NEED MONEY FOR 
THE HOLIDAYS? ' 

Good pay, variety, flexibility and 
great jobs are waiting for youl 

Positions available: 
• Clerical 
• Assistant Ad min 
• Word Process ing 
• Accounting 
• Customer Service 
• Warehouse 
• Assembly 
• General Labor/ Manufacturing 

CALL TODAY FOR AN APPOINTMENT! 

Rnallst of the 1997 Setter Business Bureau's 
"Integrity Award" 

1455 Frazee Rd . #102. San Diego. CA (619)2998770 
613 W. Valley Pkwy. #210 . Escondido. CA (6 1917411622 
9420 Mira Mesa Blvd. #02. San Diego. CA (6 19)5668755 

Formula For The Perfect Pizza 

We'" be delivering to UCSD loon! 

----------T----------T----------Finals Sp laI .1 Finals Sp ial I Finals Sp lal 
One IA" 
LARG 
l-top'JUlIJIlI:'" 

lOne 14" . I " 99 I LARG.E 98 J ~~~~~ 88 
I l.topplJ)l-fr I l-to P 
I Bread ,..- I P . 
I I Llm'ted oii ry area. Coupo n requored 

Add,tion.1 toppin,s $1.25 e •. Exp. 1/311'18 

Disposable Lens Special ft 
$~4 ~A6~~y' ~m~en~:,~· ~~:~::~ps. care 

kit. Prior ACUVUE wearers 0101 eligible for speciol discounts. 
'. Exp. 12131/97. . ' ___ ..... _~:--.. 

DAILY WEAR EXTENDED WEAR 

'$89** 
, WIS/97 

tl 
GrHn, H",.I 

FREE* 
PAIR COLORED 

B&L FW CONTACTS 
. COMPLETE 2 PAIRS 'Wilhpurd.o.eolonyqonlocl 

"All 'Pociail include Ien,." exam. eyecare kit and 'follow up yjlli. Ien, padooge. WJ Fresh LocI. 
Alligmatic len ... higher. ~I yol~d WIll> any oIher aIf_ er_. __ L,;,_C.oIor_L...-_. "'_10.6 .• 00 •. _"'1 

RQBERT'HEUER, 0.0. • STEVEN TAYMAN, 0.0. 
CoSTA VERDE CENTER FASHION VALLEY CENTER 

8650.GfNUff AVf. 5Tf. 220 Nw Sw F.lfrIt.AvrNUf 
,'.9,452-73·74 ".9,295-0537 

. \ 

'. 



• > 26 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian 

UCSD Club Sports 

FOOmAU 
Dedication: a word used to 

describe commitment and hard 
work. While many people know 
the meaning of thc word, very 
few possess this characteristic. 
Here at UCSD, therc are 30 men 
who truly know what it means to 
be dedicated. 

On Nov. 23, a team of 30 foot-
ball players suited up in full pads 
and banged helmets with Division 
III powerhouse, California 
Lutheran University. 

Although UCSD fell, 63-0, the 
night was still a dream come true 
for all of them. 

For some, it was a dream that 
has been three years in the mak-
ing. 

It was the first time since 1969 
that UCSD fielded a foot hall 

team. The team ignored the fail-
ure of the school administration 
and the athletic department to 
support it and just played football 
for the love of playing. 

"If I had to practice three years 
for this one game all over again it 
would be worth it," receiver Jeff 
Graham said. 

A rematch against Cal Lu is 
scheduled for next fall, and there 
is also the possibility of upcom-
ing seasons and a future home 
game. 

"This was our first game, like 
a scrimmage," Team Captain 
Aaron Geddins said. "The real 
game is next year." 

With a little luck and hopeful-
ly some support from the student 
body, this will be the start of a 
new trend at UCSD. 

- Saul SherIdan 

RUGBY 
The UCSD rugby team fini shed 

its preseason schedule this week 
with a solid performance against 
Division I CSU Long Beach. Led 
by a strong Triton forward pack, 
UCSD was able to secure a 14-14 
tie against Long Beach as it now 
heads into the regular ~eason . 

UCSD's offense got started on 
the right foot when lock Anthony 
"Yo Tony" Amerio drove the ball in 
for the game's first try. Andy Wilga 
added the conversion to give his 
team a 7-0 lead, which it main-
tained going into halftime. 

Five minutes into the second 
half, out ide center Darren Garb 
broke free on the outside with an 
impressive 50-meter run through 
the Long Beach defense to score 
the game's second try. Wilga again 
added the conversion to increase 
the Triton lead to 14-0. 

However, UCSD was unable to 
maintain its lead for long. Soon 
after UCSD's second try, Long 
Beach was able to sustain pressure 
in its opponeOl 's zone and push 
over for a try to bring the score to 
14-7. 

But Long Beach was able to 
score again late in the game to even 
the game at 14-14. 

"Strong performances versus 
Division' universities this fall have 
given a good indication that we 
should be challenging for a second 
consecutive Southern California 
title," UCSD Head Coach Eric 
Takeuchi said. 

- Saul SherIdan 

Thu~y, ~ember4, 1997 

Slumping Tritons Can't 
Hit Broad Side of A Barn 
SHOOTING: Struggling Tritons shoot only 19 
percent from behind the arc in the second half 
By Kevin McLauihlln 
Co-Associate Sports Editor 

When you're strapped inio a 
roller coastcr, there is no gelli ng 
off. No mailer what, you are finn-
I yin there. The ride wi II take 

some dips, 
some rises and 
perhaps a 
corkscrew if 
you arc lucky. 
The same can 
be said of any 
athletic season; 
some peaks, 
some valleys, 

but hopefully a fun ride, not one 
resulting in nausea. 

Most rollercoasters begi n by 
traveling up. However, for the 
men's baskctballteam, the season 
has definitcly begun on the down-
side. Following an 89-85 loss 
Monday night in overtime to 
Claremont-Mudd-Scri pps, the 
men's record dropped to an inaus-
picious 1-3. 

Coming ofT a loss to Division [ 
Oregon State, the men looked to 
reverse their fortune against a 
more evenly-stocked Claremont 
team. 

The game bcgan well, as the 
Tritons jumped out to what 
seemed a commanding 40-29 lead 
at halftime. This was partially 
because of an early 8 for 24 
shooting performancc behind the 
three-point arc. However, in the 

second half, shooting woes, simi-
lar to those they have had thus far 
th is season, struck the Tritons. 

"Basically, it was just cold 
shoOling. Nobody could buy a 
bucket ," said Tyler Garrall , a 
transfer from Foothill Junior 
College. '" don't think we played 
poorly ; we mls~cd a lot of open 
shots." 

The team shot only 19 percent 
from the outside in the second 
half, and poor three-point shoot-
ing often spells this team's doom. 
The Tri tons co ntinued to fire 
them up with confidenGe, amass-
ing 55 shots from downtown dur-
ing the night. As the cliche says, 
though, when you live by the 
three, you die by it as well ; the 
Tritons shot only 29 for 90 from 
the field all night. 

'" don't know if we relax or 
what, but we lose a lillie intensity 
on both the defensive and the 
offensive end," senior Mark 
Sebek said. "The other team steps 
it up and we can' t seem to ri se to 
the occasion and stick a dagger in 
their heart. It seems to be a habit 
in the second half. We don't play 
to win, we play not to lose." 

Mike Wall was the only Triton 
starter to shoot over 50 percent, 
scoring 25 points on 9 for 17 
shooting while playing the center 
position. 

Though the Stags led in 
See THREES, Page 27 

Domino's Delivers Right to Your Door 
On Campus anti to Areas Around UCSD 
Easy, convenient, and fast! 
1. Call Domino's Pizza at 4S2-UCSD. 
2. Place your order using your TritonPlus Account. You'll need to give 

your student I,D. number to the Domino's phone operator. 
3. Your order will be delivered to your door in about 30 minutes!'" 

Call Domino's for delicious pizzas with your choice of three crusts 
and a variety of tasty toppings, Buffalo wings with special sauce, 
and new menu selections like garden fresh salad and yummy twisty 
bread with spices and parmesan. 

"!rito~Plus Account member must be present with valid I.D. card to sign for the orw when 
damves. 

Limited delivery area. Delivery on campus and areas adjacent to UCSD. $7.99 minimum 
purchase required for delivery. Valid at UCSD Domino's Pizza location only, 
Drivers carry less than $20.00. 

jllS' Ask Special 
S1299 FOR ONLY"., .. 

CAU US! 4S2-l1CSD 
FORONLyS3!.91U 
CALL US! 4S2-UCSD 

Call Us! 4S2-UCSD 
FREE DELWERY 
11 A.M.-l P.M. Sun.-Thurs. 
11A.M.-2 P.M. Fri. & Sat. 

Ii ton US 
ACCOUNT 

For more information on TritonPlus Account, 
ClJU-534-PLUS (7587). 

........................ 

S1599 FOR ONLY !'I.'IIZ 
CAU US! 452-UCSD 

Thunday.~mber4, 1997 

SATURDAY?: 
UCSD hopes to still 
be playing by then 
Continued from pace 28 
block. Middle bloekers Shannon 
Noonan - named to the all-Region 
team - and Dena Strube anchor 
the Triton frontline while providing 
a valuable attack off the quick sel. 

The depth on the UCSD rosIer 
has proven to be an invaluable asset 
to McFarland. Sophomore outside 
hitler Alii on Bender - an all-

THREES: 
Claremont loss 
drops UCSD to 1-3 
Continued from pac. 26 
rebounds 58-48, the Tritons 
appeared able to rebound beuer 
than in previous games, notching 
25 offensive rebounds which 
resulted in 22 more shots than 
Claremont. The Tritons' press was 
also able to force the Slags into 27 
turnovers. 

Perhaps the most telling statistic 
of the teams ' ailments was · the 
assist total. Claremont totaled a 
modest 13, but UCSD had only two 
assists all night, both by Sebek. 

UCSD is certainly a team of 
shooters, but somebody must com-
mit themselves to spreading the 
wealth, particularly when the squad 
is in the throes of a shooting slump. 

The third loss in a row leaves 
the Tritons in a sticky situation. As 
an independent school without a 
league, the team must win 20 
games to be guaranteed a postsea-
son bid, and each loss in a 25-
game season diminishes those 
chances. 

"You can't worry about the rest 
of the season; you've got to win the 
next game," said Sebek, who also 
led the team with eight rebounds. 
"Similar to last year, we started 5-5 
and we forgot about the whole 
thing and had a streak of a lot of 
wins. The shots aren't falling right 
now. We've golto be more aggres-
sive." 

The Tritons' sole victory this 
season came when they scored 11 2 
points. Since then, they have been 
held under the three-digil mark 
every galne. Hopefully the team 
can sort out this shooting slump 
and jump back into the mi x. 

The Tritons traveled to Pomona-
Pitzer last night, but the re~u lt~ 
were not available at press time. 

The first home game will be 
Sal., Dec. 13, against Rec.lland •. 
Hopcrully the team can get hack on 
track playing in RIMAC Arena 10 
I ront of a horpe crowd. 

"It 's sti ll early in thl:! ~ea on: 
, aid Garrall. who had 16 PO IOlS 
s~ven rebounds and lour "tcab 
against Claremont. "If we shoot 
average in any of these gamc~ we 
played, we win by a lot." 

Region choice - has made her 
mark in the postseason by leading 
the team in kills and overwhelming 
the Whitewaler defense in the 
Quarterfinals. 

[n addition, freshmen Leslie 
Punelli, Shannon Hawes and Jaime 
Hackleman have all played major 
roles in the Tritons' school-record 
21-match winning streak. 

"The key to our succes i being 
a team," Ebadi said. "We have an 
extremely deep team and we need 
everyone to contribute if we' re 
going to win." 

Encinitas 
SDSU 
laJolia 
San Diego 
Carlsbad 

The. UCSD Guardian 

UCSD is making its first trip to 
the semifinals since 1993 and is 
allempting to win its first National 
Championship since 1990. The 
Tritons are hoping that history has 
a way of repeating itself because 
the last lime Ihat the Championship 
was held at UCSD in 1988, the 
hosts came away with the fifth of 
their six team IItles. 

On Saturday, Friday 's two los-
ing teams will face off in the con-
solation match al 4:30 p.m., fol-
lowed by the Championship malch 
at 7:30 p.m. 

"We would love to see RIMAC 
packed with screaming fans all of 
whom are having a great lime 
watching an exciting match," Ebadi 
said. "I think this would be my sec-
ond-most desired wish from my 
career, second only to winning a 
National Championship." 

No more excuses, Triton 
spom fans - thi s weekend is the 
chance for you to fire up some 
UCSD spirit and help the Tritons 
on the road to the National 
Championship. It all comes down 
to this . 

pl\THFlnDER PRUENTS 

SPORTS 27 

I ~J A NUS 

.1-

La Palom·a Theatre 
Montezuma Hall .. 

Museum of Contemp. Art 
Spreckels Theatre 
Village Theater 

Dec. 10 
Dec. 11 
Dec. 12 
Dec. 13 
Dec. 14 

VISA 
~ 

G:OO & 9:00 
8:00 
6:30 & 9:30 
6:00 &'9:00 
5:00 & 8:00 

"SEEING POWDER ON THE BIG SCREEN GETS ME STOKED TO RIDE!" 
• Jake Burton, President, Burton Snowboards 

FREE LIFT TICK TO SNOW SUMMIT! , 
[I/cryone attendtng SNOWRlmRS 2 will rcc ('IV{' .1 (crtlftClte for ,1 FREE 

~pf'(tJI spring skllnq lift ttcket to SllOW Summlt t* 

For discounts on gro'ups of 10 or more call 800-729-3456. 
Receive ."Warren 'Miller's Best of Winter B109pers 3/1 video FREE with each group order! 

Ticket available at TicketMaster, selected Sport Chalet stores, and theater box offices 

·Sorne re~tnctlons apply. 

77~~MUmW~ 
1_1OIII . .. '/KOCIIU"8 1IIIIK/_IIMOUII 

1l0<1III1II1 VIIlO .IKO/1OW1I/W STOll! 
"'" , .. '" (m) 12O-nxs _",i __ _ 

Worren Miller prefers 

SNOW 
SUMMIT 

-VIS4 
-

, www.warrenmiller.com 
• 

• 

• 

-



.. 

28 SPORTS 

...... ....", .• 
,.... n.t •• ".,,.,. 
".""... 

- rom _.,. on the 

PIIslibiloly tIIII his I .. "" ........... 
UIr .. Spr_ WIll be ,,_to Milml 

____ I Th __ 

NCAA 

D'~_ III 

"" .. _---'. 

h .. r .... _ 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, December 4, 1997 

Claire Schneider/Guardian 
Big 'D': Shannon Noonan (left) and Allison Bender will need to continue to bring strong defense if UCSD wants to have a nice weekend . 

• • 

am Ions I 
By Steve Walsh 
Senior Staff W"ter 

II all comes down to this. Sure, it 
sounds like an ovcr-u~ed cliche 
Intended to create dmma for a ~ports 
event, but this time 
there is no need to cre-
ate pseudo-drama. The 
UCSD women's vol-
leyball team will baule 
for the NCAA National 
Championship when it 
squares off against 
three of the nalion's top 
reams. 

Whar makes this drama even 
more exciting is that you, the fan, 
gets to be a part of it. ThaI's right, 
rhe Final Four is going to be played 
at RlMAC Arena this weekend. 

II 's time to break out the blue 
and gold face paint, don your 
favorite Triton gear and waml up 
your screaming voice because on 
Dec, 5 and 6, you get to personally 

assi~t UCSD in its run for the title. 
I know what you 'rc thinking: "Next 
week IS finals week and I need to 
Mudy." How ridi culou~ ; what beller 
study break is there than to take 

two hours out of your 
night and be a part of 
some school spirit? 

So here is the run-
down on how the 
weekend is sched-
uled. The semifinal. 
take place on Friday. 
At 4:30 p.m., No. I 
ranked Juniata 

College (Pa.) will face No. 2 
ranked Washington University 
(Mo.), which has won the past six 
national ritles. While that is sure to 
be a great match, at 7:30 p.m. , the 
No. 3 ranked Tritons wi II square ofT 
against Central College of Iowa. 

Central is the eighth-ranked 
team in the nation and is making its 
first appearance in the Final Four in 

school history. The Dutch are cur-
rently riding a 10-match winning 
streak, in which they dominated 
Iowa Conference play, dropping 
on ly one game in 13 matches. 
Despite returning only two starters 
from last year's squad, Central has 
put together an impressive 35-3 
record with the addition of two new 
middle blockers. 

"We've watched video of them 
and we're preUy familiar with the 
offense they run and what we need 
to do to stop them," senior setter 
Sherine Ebadi said. "They're stoked 
to be in the Final Four just like we 
are and I'm sure they 're going to 
come playing to win, so we need to 
be prepared to play our best:' 

UCSD advanced to the Final 
Four by dominating the Western 
Regionals and then sweeping the 
University of Wisconsin-Whitewater 
in the NCAA Quarterfinals. 

The Tritons are led by second-

rena 
,'~ ... ~.,.~ N-: ' _ ~ ,~ 

UC San Diego 25-5 jJ\.., .. ~>,!~~.1 'f",~ 
\ ~, • f. • l' 

Juniata College (Penn.) 42·1 
:~.t ~~.": ~~~ ",/ 1 . 
~? < " f , .... ::v\ 1, 
~:.: . '. : 

Friday 5, Dec. 7:30 I--- ? t-- Friday 5, Dec. 4:30 
Central College (Iowa) 3~3 

year head coach Duncan 
McFarland. Last year, McFarland 
guided a senior-dominated squad to 
the Quarterfinals where it was oust-
ed by Juniata. 

While McFarland handles the 
leadership from the sideline, Ebadi 
handles it on the court. As the lone 
senior on the team, Ebadi provides 
the emotional spark on the floor 
while al 0 quarterbacking the 
Triton offensive attack. 

Ranked among the nation's top 

washington Univ. (Mo.) 35-6 

setters throughout the year, thadi 
was named MVP of both the UC 
San Diego Invitational and the 
NCAA West Region. 

A strong core of juniors pro-
vides the backbone for the UCSD 
squad. Outside hitter Dana Salter 
has proven capable of dominating 
matches with her attacks. 
Katherine Brynjestad patrols the 
opposite hitter position and is adept 
at tooling the opposing team's 

See SATURDAY? Page 27 

Tritons Finish Holiday Jaunt to Wisconsin With Big 44-point Bombing 
SECOND HALF: After falling behind by 10 and leading by only four at the half, UCSD exploded for 63 second-half points 
By Travis Hili 
Sports EdItor 
and Jonah Nisenson 
Co-Assoclilte Sports EdItor 

La\t r nday anti 'atunlay, Ihe 
maJorltv I I l T:;D studenl\ anu 
... ta ll Wlfl ,1111 hrkm£ their chops' 
and ruhbmg their mllated hellb 
after their lurke)' Day fea .. I .... 

Bul where wa the UCSD 
women... hd~kLlhall ... quad ') In 
WisconSin of course, fighting for a 
~econd place finish in the 
Univer. lty of Wisconsin-Oshkosh 
Women 's Basketball Holiday 

'la..,sl c. 
So when UCSD'~ students and 

staff n:turned to La Jolla for classes 
on Monday where wcre 
(lur Tri ton hoopstL'ls'! 

Still in \\"cnn\1Il 
The)' well' thl:!1: all 

weekend, \\ hal \ another 
g:l lll e" E'pcclall) hen It 

'~a ... a 95-5 1 ... hellacking 
of l.awrence UflI\w,il), 

UCSD Head Coa..: h 
Judy Malone's troop fin-
ished their trip to the land of cheese 
with a bang, as four Triton player 

lifll shed in double- figure~ in points 
III a MondaY-flight blowout. 

fter \vatching the first half 
one woulu have ne"el 
Imagincd slll.'h a lor\lded 
tinal Thl' Tritons onl), leu 
b) a 32 2R lll,trgm, ,IIlU 
WCIC al:tuall;.- uown at one 
pOint h) as much as 10. 

It \"a~ at Ihat romt 
Mal(ln~ called a timeout. 
Malone knew that her reg-
ulars were tired, and she 

also wanted 10 see how her bench 
could handle a deficit 

"We were really tired from the 
two games in Ihe tournament," 
Amy McClure \JHl. "A huge part of 
the turnartlunu came from the fresh' 
legs that (.,IITlC Ill . The 'ub~ came In 
and we went on ,I run .. 

The Tritons colle':Ied them-
~dvcs .lnu went alter the Vikings. 
They had reg,lincd till lead 29 _8, 
Jnd wlIh second, rL mailling In Ihe 
half, kClurc hit a three pointer 10 
put LC 'D up by four and give it 
the momentum 

In Ihe second half UCSD u ed 
the momentum and a viCIOUS full-

COLOR 

court press to take control of the 
game. The Trilons put the game 
away early, to the tune of 20 point!> 
III only four minutes. 

"We didn ' t really go into a [setl 
of/ense," Janessa Bayda ~ aid . "We 
were pressing ~o hard and just 
made ~teab and cored." 

It was definitely a team effort 
for L'CSD. An am:uing 14 different 
Tritons put points on the board, leu 
by Marci Ernsberger's 13. Karli 
Jungwirth was close behind with 
I I, and Tristen Teasdale and 
McClure each had 10. 


