
Elsewhere 
GIHch Delays GMAT 
T.st Scor •• 
CAYlBRlDGE, Mass. -
Aft'!r completing the comput-
erized ver sion of the 
Graduate Management 
Asses ment Test (GMAT) -
the business school entram.:e 
exam -- II number of test 
take r r0ceived an error mes-
sage instead of their scores. 
A iotal of 10,000 people took 
the computer adaptive test 
(CAT) version of the GMAT, 
and 400 of those test takers 
received the error message. 
An Educational Testing 
... ervice (ETS) spokesperson 
said the e rror did not affect 
the tcsts or scores, and that it 
was a "display error." 

- Harvard Crimson 

Robbers Chase Two 
Berkeley Students 
BERKELEY, Ca. - Two 
female llC Berkeley students 
were the victims of an allegcd 
aHack ncar campus la~t 
Wednesday. UC Berkeley 
police said that Phuong Bi 
and Bao Nguyen were walk-
ing ncar a residence hall 
around I I :20 p.m., when fo ur 
perpetrators approached them. 
One fema le perpetrator then 
grabbed and tore a paper bag 
Nguyen was carrying. The 
two students then ran toward 
the resirience hall for safety, 
and all four perpetrators pur-
sued them. Another fe male 
aHacker then grabbed a plas ti c 
bag of clothes Bi was carry-
ing, looked through it, and 
returned the bag to the stu-
dent. saying "I thought you 
were someone else." The fo ur 
perpetrator then ran away 
from the two students. 

- H e Daily Californian 

UT Tower May Be 
Reopening 
AUSTIN, Texa~ - Last 
Wednesday, University of 
Texas President Larry 
Faulkner recommended to the 
UT Board of Regents that it 
pcnni ts the reopening of the 
observation deck of the uni ver-
sity 's Tower. The deck has 
been dosed for the last two 
decades because of multiple 
suicides. The Tower was al '0 
closed in 1966 after Charles 
Whitman ~hot and killed 16 
p'!ople, bUi it was reopened in 
1968. In his recommendation 
to the board, Faulkner said that 
he believed fhe Tower should 
be opened after certain sale ty 
issues arc addressed, such as 
the installation of a pennanent 
railing and a policy of escort-
ing visitors to the deck. 

- Daily Te an 

Spoken ... 
''Triana will serve as a 
pathfinder for those 
future missions, provid-
ing scientific and oper-
ating experience in the 
Ll en vironment. " 

- GhalSern Astar 
NASA Associate Administrator 

for ERrth Science 
See story tlt right. 

Internet: www.ucsd.edu/ guardian 
E-mail: guardian@ucsd.edu 

Dig, Set, Spike All Day Long Quite Contrary 
The Triton squad beat both Chapman and Our pseudopsychologist 

tries to connect with her 
sensitive male audience 

La Verne last week, raising its home record this 
season to 20-1 

Sports, page 16 

T H E u c 

UC SAN DIEGO MONDAY, NOVEMBER 2, 1998 

Features, page 11 

5 D 

UE I2 

NASA Selects 
SIO to Lead 
Mission 
SCIENCE: Scripp In titution 
of Oceanography will head 
proj ct to tudy earth 
By Sui a Kim 
Staff Writer 

SA recen tl y selected the Scripps 
Institut ion of Oceanography at D to 
lead the impit!mentati on of the Triana mis-
sion, which will study the Earth for the lir~t 
time fro m a vantage point a mill ion miles 
away. This new method wi ll give scienti sts 
new ideas regarding the workings of arth 's 
climate. 

Triana is a satellite mission to the neutral 
gravity point between Earth and the sun, 
known as LI. The $75 million mission will 
launch into space in the year 2000. NASA 
selec ted the Scripps Institution of 
Oceanography proposal for the Triana mis-
sion over nine competing proposals from 
other institutions. 

Triana will be the latest mi ssion in 
NASA's attempt to understand the Earth 's 
entire system and the effects of both natural 
and human-induced changes on the planet. 

"L\ will be a prime vantage point for the 
next generation of Earth remote sensing 
instruments," NASA Associate 
Administrator for Earth Scien e Gha sern 
Asrar said. 'iriana will serve as a pathfind-
er for those future missions, providing sci-
entific and operating experience in the LI 
environment." 

Francisco PJ . Valero, director of the 
Atmospheri c Research Laboratory at 
Scripps Institution of Oceanography, was 
selected to lead the organization 's in volve-
ment in the mi sion. 

'ihis is a fundamental sc ientific goal 
with very appealing pro pe ts for climate 
and other environmental sciences," Valero 
said. "From the Triana vantage point, we 
can ample the outgoing energy from virtu-
ally the entire sunlit face of the Earth at 
once." 

See TRIANA, Page 3 

A.S. Council Votes On UCSA Agenda During Meeting 
DEBATE: Officers will 
decide on i sue of 
unionization this week 
By Vincent Gragnanl 
Senior Staff Writer 

The A.S. Council voted last 
Wednesday to approve six out of 
seven points of thi s year ' 
University of California Student 
A sociation 's (UCSA) Advocacy 
Agenda. After much debate, the 
council decided tf) postpone until 
lhis week a vote on whether it 

should support the unioni zation of 
tcaching assistants. 

UCSA is a student advi sory 
board to the UC Regents. It also 
produces annual educational cam-
paigns for students. 

The annual agenda put forth by 
the UCSA is the backbone of the 
group's campaigns. The plan is 
subject to approval by the A.S. 
Councils and Graduate Student 
Associations at e'lch UC campus. 

Thi year ' advocacy agenda 
consists of the following item : 
outreach to underrepre 'ented 

minority students in higher educa-
. tion; addressilJg the rising costs of 

the attending the University of 
California; making the UC Regents 
more accountable to students; the 
spending of California money on 
prisons instead of education ; 
improving the methods of repaying 
tudent loans; calling for a code of 

conduct to prevent clothing bearing 
the University of California's name 
from being manufactured in sweat-
sh ps; and calling for the recogni-
tion of Academic Student 
Employee (ASE) by administra-

tions at all UC campu ·es. 
Revelle Senior Senator Leila 

Niazi motioned to postpone the 
vote on the issue of TA unioniza-
tion until next week. Niazi said that 
she thought it was important to dis-
cuss the issue with her college 
council before making a final tieci-
sion. 

"I just feel that as senators, we 
need to represent the tudents," 
Niazi said. "We' re upposed to vote 
on behalf ofthem. We're not voting 
as individual , we' re voting as rep-

See -1TIN8, Page 3 ' 



2 NEWS 

Research Ranks Highly 
REPORT: Institute for Scientific Infonnation names 
UCSD as one of the top ten science universities 
By Sula Kim quoted by others," Mark Thiemens, 
Staff Writer chair of UCSD's department of 

In a recent report by the chemistry and biochemistry, said. 
Philadelphia-based research tirm "So these are very important rank-
Institute for Scientilic Information ings, and we' re extremely pleased 
(151), UCSD ranked with the results ." 
as one of the top 10 "The .. are B i 0 l og y 
science research very Important Pro f e s s 0 r 
universities in the Christopher Wills 
nation. The group ranklngs, and said he is also very 
conducted the study we're proud of UCSD. 
between 1993 and extremely " [The] biology 
1997 evaluated 21 department at 
areas of science pi ...... with UCSD is outstand-
research . the results." ing - absolutely 

UCSD was one top in CUlling edge 
- Mark Thlemen. 

of only II universi - research," he said. 
ties to make the list Chemistry professor " It always makes a 
of the " Highest Impact U .S. big impact, not only in (thel scien-
Universities." It tied Cornell tilic field , but to all of the general 
University, the University of public." 
Washington and UC Santa Barbara Jn the August issue of Science 
with six top- 10 appearances out of Walch, lSI stated that UCSD was a 
the 21 scientific fields. leader in chemislry research. 

In the report, UCSD also ranked UCSD earned thi s title by produc-
third in plant and animal science, ing the second highest number of 
sixth in immunology, eighth in chemistry papers citations in both 
molecular biology and genetics and academic and corporate research 
ninth in clinical medicine. entities. UCSD was first among 

lSI measured trends and perfor- other academic universities, ahead 
mance in universities' basic of Caltech, Harvard University, 
research, and publi shed the results MIT and Stanford University. 
in the latest issue of its newsleuer Chemistry Professor Arnold 
Science Walch. lSI studied 100 fed- James said that he is happy to see 
erally funded U.S. universities by UCSD win such praise. 
evaluating the number of papers " J' m very pleased. I know that 
produced at each. the department has been doing 

It also judged the universi ty well: it's not a surpri e," he said. 
"i mpact" those papers had in "The department is gelling strong, 
stimulating further resean:h - and it 's nice to get recognized." 
meaning the papers that were The lSI. which tracks more than 
important enough to be Cited in 16,O()() international journals, 
laler research papers. books and proceedings, analyzed a 

"One of the most imporlant variely of other fields for the chem-
measures of how we are doing is istry study, including physical, 
how often we' re publishing and inorganic and organic, materia ls 
how often these papers are being science and engineering science. 

WALT DICKINSON 
Editor in Chief 

JUltA KUllA-MADER • MEGAN SMITH 
Managmg Editors 

TABITHA GRANSHAW • LAURA KNIGHTEN 
Copy Editors 

LEENA SHANKAR. ERIKA SNIDER 
NeUJs Editors 

JESSICA SCHEPP MANN 
Features Editor 
MARC COMER 
Opinion 6'ditor 
JEFF BARKER 

Associate Opinion Editor 
JAKE GORDON. JOHN MAYNARD 

Sport Editors 

TRAVIS HtLL 
Associate Sports Editor 

ltNDSAY SWORSKI 
liiutu Editor 

DAVID LEE 
Associate Ilia/us Editor 

DAVE LUBtTZ 
Photo Editor 
USA HUFF 

Associate Photo Editor 
JOHN BARBER 

Graphics Editor 
NICK RUNCO 
Design Editor 

SENIOR STAFF WAITERS 
JotYl B~lIber. Genevieve COlt, Vincent Gragn~OI , Mary Higgins, Laura Knrghten. 

Dave Lubitz. Annam MOOlhH8M. Jenny Nicholson. Mark Smith. Scott Yager 
SnFF WAITEAS 

Karl Friedman, Nllou MOSlOfi . Chflsline P'angan, Eve Senuty 
IUUSTRATOAS 

Mike Belle. Kristine Chang. Austin HSla, Alice Lin. Joe Pan. Josephine Roberts . Nicholas Runco 
O£SIQNERS Chris Mor n, Karen Tran. Thomas Weng 

WEIJMASTER Bnan Wlkne, 
COMPUTER SUPPORT DaVid Glicksman 

ANN BAREFIELD 
BlL'iil1I!SS MClIll.lger 

BROCK HALTER 
Advertising Munuger 

MtKE MARTINEZ 
Advertl:sillg Art Director 

MTTEALCALA 
Assistant Businf!.SS Manager 

JOE PAN 
Aduertisillg [ks~qll dI Layout 

ADVERTISING ASSISTANT Melody Gonzales 
CIIICUUlnON ASSISTANTS 

Navtd Ahlloor. JaSOf1 Allen. Phllhp Goldman, E~,.n L""I'. MOlly Michael,.. Jac.b Meybcrg 
AOVEATISlNQ DESIGN. LAYOUT John Barber, Kafl FrIedman , Casey 8u1tentluys 

The UCSD GU/J{dloo IS published Mondays and Thursdays dunng the atademlC year by and to< 
the students 01 UCSO. RepfOductloo of thiS newspaper In any form. whether In whole or In 
part. w'lhoUt pernliSSIOn IS Sinctly PlOnlDl1ed. C 1998. all "gnts reserved. Tile UCSD GuarC1IBfl 
IS not responSible for the relurn of lKlsoliclted manuscripts or art. The views expressed heretn 
do not necessarily represent the opinIons or The UCSO GU8rdllM, the UmverSlty of California Or 
the ",soclated Siudents. rhe UC5D GuarC1II1flIS funded SOlely by advertlsl"II. 
.·IJ· ..... \ bazA-dled\ 1.1 1: busy all oay 2: a new word tor tne Enghsn language - w .. T 

News/Features: 5345226, General Edlto"al : 534·6581 
Opinion/Sports : 5346582. Hiatus: 534.6583 
Advertising Of lice: 5343466. Fax: 534-7691 

e-mail: Iiluardlan~ucsd. edu 
GuarC118n Online: /l/tp://WWW.ucsC1.edu/guardion/ 

UCSD Guardian, 9500 Gilman Drive 0316, 
La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 

Aclual loCation ' Second FloOi. UCSO SlUdenl Cenler BUIICllng 'A', Rm. 217 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, November 2, 1998 

LIFE IN HELL 

DOl'llo.l" .. T SECO"'P"R~ 
PEtSo..l .. ~ny PlRS()OoI"L'~ OIS"fI"'611I~M"'(, l-t"IJNTI"'G 

QUE'O'-'ON "fRAIT TIl .. ITS ~EATVRS:S 

"' ..... ~ P~OS'T~ NE.IlVovS $<¥O: SELF- 111'TAa,.,T., 'W IT"' ... ", .. A .... I J\lST ~8VTMOW2 AISORPTI.,." lUIo A H4\Ct::"? " PO.,oo M"tc.E. 
IoIWI"' .. l(:, '1>OSTUlU. II LI\lI"''''"? 

-P.'''''''~ SEM- OtW\IO"S ~P"'TTEQ.EV ~~ : OF 1>o>.lTS. ">KOIJI.C> I U'S~~~ Of.~ES$I()o.) ,"'1\ItT IW .... 'E NlcWE "fO FI"jISHE", ('RAAlOEvll. U"'-ANAT'o.J!> olE.1Al ",oe,,~ '" IS I"T? 
-

'OlT ~ifJ P~A")()'A WE ... " t..IPS " Ull\~ ClO£.S ~E.L." • \!oE Ao.)OT~ER. P ' T!;I &'TTEIINESS S""vEt..'''e:, &VE"~o.JE A.olo .... E ~" POe. T. 811-£ PMl'~ 
P'.F .. _tl~ .U(iJIn'IOv tAbul1."~," W<.IV'''''''M( ...... .... "., s,.,: StL.f- LOOI( , "'''''~''O'TtII'''''S 1 xs..., ....... y AR1"IS~ ,. 'MA1ICJN111'LIT'1!1 c-v ... PO w'., .. ..., ~«r~ JW~"''''IU~ II\lDul.C>E~ otJ&..., WI"t", w .. .,""" % ,,, .... , .. , 

"'U e".Jl'Ta\GtC. h ..... G. O"""'ON"-"" \MA""&lS,.us wt"""llo S~,,J ~" .. " ON ",.,lotlM! " (r1lliN(t SM~. 

~~OA'JJ SE. ... f · SE. ... f - AvRA of s .... : " Do 1 HAVE I ~ "VT o.J A~h ~E."OT'o.,) I>O\I&T hJSI,.)tt~lT,? AoJ,:) "TAL.£.n?" FEw POu.JC'<;, HAvt,.)'T ~o..,"? 
0 ... <1.", ,I. S~E •• '''ESS SALLovJ TI\AoW aEEA. SELF- ~o",P,",x,ooJ, " W~EQE Qo~s AT ~L,,, ,,JESS 
611 IT"lhST , CO .... P~ .. t' YE .. ~QEA\.. AM "I"?" TK&'1t I-tIOAPS S .. uc;,IJESS 5C.A6S Dua,o.IG tOoJCtA"T~ . 

s· ... ·tf~ SELf"- COMl.UI.~ lOtrJ Stu...lol1 8CC> I'II,.)ltl ' EM "k""f t SilT .sl'Acnool "To "fIIIIW .. O"T "'" I' S loJ "TKE 
""'illi' P~'"T~R.. ,,",0 SMAI'III\E"! " . """'.l"" NlOVT~ . aiM .... 'OQ. 

c ...... , ... J, MAL\'\O .... S 1='1.,vO\.OvS '01"'., r,~c.(.<; " \.\JILL. t a& IT IS ""'''''SE \=Q'VOL'"T':! ".LltlOU!"B~ 
''''''''' S" laT' ClRAul'ol(, ~v "TO ANIJO~ 
loll<., P....,T~ ,;(lIaal"T~ _,..,E CARTOON'STS . 

RiS-TOF "'''L,$E~ '' 

BRIEFLY ••• 

UCSD to Hold Law School Fair 
Representatives from more than 75 law schools 

will attend the Law School Information Fair pre· 
sented by the UCSD Career Services Center on 
Thursday, Nov. 5 from 10:30 a.m. to 2 p.m. on 
Library Walk. The Law Fair will include information 
on fellowships, grants, loans and aSSistantships 
that can help fund graduate study. 

Participants will include Columbia Law School, 
Stanford Law School, UCLA Law School, Georgetown 
Law School and USC Law School. For a complete list 
of law schools that will be in attendance, visit 
http://www-csc.ucsd.edu/csc/Lawfa.htm . 

Immediately following the fair, there will be a 
Career Exploration Panel presentation called "The 
Study and Practice of Law" in the Multipurpose 
Room at the Career Service Center. 

For more information, call Career Services at 
534-3750. 

Humorist Sedarls Will Perform 
On Thursday 

Radio commentator, humorist and author David 
Sedaris will perform at 8 p.m. on Nov. 5 in Mandeville 
Auditorium. 

Sedaris does commentaries for National Public 
Radio 's "Morning Edition: writes essays for The New 
Yorker, co-authors plays that have appeared in New 
York City and is the author of Barrel Fever- a collec-
tion of stories and essays. His 1997 autobiographical 
collection titled Naked was on the New York Times 
bestseller list for nine weeks. The titl e story in this 
collection is about an elderly nudist who dreams of 
watching an in·the-buff version of TV's "Wheel of 
Fortune. " 

Tickets for this show are $12 for general admis-
sion and $7 for students. Tickets are available at the 
UCSD Box Office. For more information, call 534-

8497 . 
Black West Is the Theme For a 
Year of Programs 

Kicking off the African and African-American 
Studies Research Project (AAASRP) series on the 
black West, a colloquium titled "The Black Western 
During the Silent Era, 1912-1948" will be held on Nov. 
4 at noon in UCSD Media Center 201. 

The colloquium will feature a presentation by John 
Anderson , a professor of history at the University of 
Southern California, and is co-sponsored by the 
Department of Communications and AAASRP. 

The colloquium will explore the history of the black 
silent Western in relation to the race films that 
Hollywood produced for the black community. 

This event is free and open to the public. For more 
information, call 534-4790. 

CalPIRG Sponsors Arctic 
Awareness Week 

The California Public Interest Research Group 
(CaIPIRG) is hosting Arctic Awareness Week from 
Tuesday, Nov. 3 through Thursday, Nov. 5 on Library 
Walk, The events of the week will include a petition 
drive, educational games, visual displays and infor-
mation. 

CalPIRG is sponsoring the week in protest of 
four oil companies (BP, Exxon, Chevron and 
ARCO ) that are allegedly pressuring Congress for 
access to the Alaskan Wilderness Refuge in the 
north coastal plains of Alaska . CalPIRG will be 
gathering postcards to deliver to the headquar-
ters of one of the oil compan ies to express the 
public 's displeasure with it s actions and threaten 
a boycott. 

For more information, call CalPIRG at 534-0844. 

Errata 
10/21/98 

In the story titled "UCSD Police 
Arrest Two Suspects," UCSD Police 
Officer Kristeen McCollough's name 
was spelled incorrectly. 

NewsStaf! 
Writers 

Meetings 
Mondays at 
5:30p.m. 

In the stories entitled 
"Why2K?," "Scary Monster Super 
Creeps ," and "Blood Sucking 
Beauty, " the related graphics were 
not attributed to an artist. The 
graphics should have been attrib-
uted to Graphic Editor John Barber. 

The GuardIan regrets these 
errors. 

The Guardian regrets the error. 

10/22/1. 
In the story titled "Cutting Down 

Division II ," one of the soccer play-
ers in the photo was incorrectly 
identified . The player is Erika 
Alfredson. 

The Guardian regrets the error. 

M onday, November 2, 1998 

MEETING: 
Leventhal says GSA 
is split on union issue 
Continued from page 1 
resent:!t i ves." 

Niazi 's motion passed with nine 
coum:ilmembers voting in favor of 
the decision . seven members vot-
ing against it and three abstaining 
from voting. 

Vice Pre~ ident External Kirk 
Matsuzaki ~ aid that while he 
believes that the postponement was 
unnecessary, he understands the 
decision . 

"1 did give the council a lot of 
time prior to thi s meeting to ask me 
about the agenda," Matsuzaki said. 
" But 1'111 glad that senaturs are 
sti cking to their job description to 
represent their colleges. If they 
weren ' t prepared to vote on the 
issue, then postponing it was the 
right thing to do." 

Matsuzaki added that he would 
work throughout the week to help 
educate students on the issuc. 

'"I'll be going to the college 
councils this week to help facilitate 
discussion," he said. 

A .S. President Joe Leventhal 
began the counci l debate by telling 
the councilmembers that the UCSD 
Graduate Student Association 
(GSA) did not approve the agenda 
item regarding TA unionization. 
He said that l11any concerns were 
brought up by the GSA. including 
questions regarding the source of 
the money for increased employee 
benefits. 

Saying that the GSA was "very 
clearly sp lit " on the issue, 
Leventhal said that he did not think 
it should be approved by the A.S. 

"I just feel that as 
senators, we need 

to represent the 

students ••• We're 

not voting as 

individuals, we' re 

voting as 

representatives. " 

Council. 

- Lelia Nlazl 
Revelle Senior Senator 

" When ,)ur own Graduatc 
Student Association won ' t take a 
stand on whether TAs should 
unionize. it 's out of place for our 
undergraduate government - the 
[Associated Students I - to take a 
stand," Leventhal said. 

Matsuzaki said that he believes 
the As ociated Students st ill has a 
responsibility to support the agenda 
item, regardless of how the GSA 
voted. 

" I believe that [Associated 
Students] should take a strong stand 
whether or not the GSA has," 
Matsuzaki said. '"This i an under-
graduate issue. We need to take a 
stand. We need to show our support." 

Cummissioner of Academi(; 
Affairs Do(; Khaleghi sa id that 
while he believes undergraduates 
may benefit from TAs having an 
alleviated workload, they would not 
benelit from the TAs gaining health 
care beneli ts and grievance proce-
dures. He said that he would be 
concerned if money lor such bene-
lits were to come from student fees. 

"Why hould we pay for things 
we don ' t reap benefits from"" 
Khaleghi said. 

Khaleghi also said he believes 

PHANTOMS IN 
, 

THE B R'~ IN 

VS. RAMACHANDRAN, M.D., PH.D., 
AND SANDRA BLAKESLEE 

fOIHWORD ~ y OllVE'R SACK~. M D. 

The UCSD Guardian 

that if uniuns were recognized on 
campus, the relatiunship that cur-
rently exists between TAs and pro-
fessors wou Id change into il bos, 
vs. employer relati onship. 

During the meeting, Marshall 
Sophomore Senatur M ari cc la 
Marroquin read a resolution passed 
hy the M<lrshall College Council 
stat ing that the Marshall College 
Council fully supports the ad voca-
cyagenda. 

Financial ont ro ller Genoa 
Ferguson, who is <lbo an under-
graduate TA in the chemislry 
department. sa id that she believes 
worki ng as a teaching assistant is 
similar tu working as paid intern. 

" It 's a choice that they" n: mak-
ing to further their c<lrccrs I<l t..:r 
on:' Ferguson said. 

Leventhal said he believes 
undergraduates should instead 
directly fight for smaller class 
sizes, instead of unionization. 

'The issue that should be on the 
advocacy agenda is less studen ts 
per TA or smaller class sizes," 
Leventhal said. "If TAs win, what 
that would allow them is the right 
to collective bargaining." 

Leventhal added that if TAs 
earned the right to collective har-
gaining, issues of class size and 
alleviated workloads would still 
have to be decided with uni versi ty 
administrators. 

Leventhal also said that if the 
agenda item was passed by thc 
council, he would most likely not 
veto it. He said that he did not feel 
that his veto would have an effect 
on the decision by UCSA to sup-
port the item because it I<lkes two-
thirds of the UC student cou ncils to 
remove an item from the CSA 
agenda. 

TRIANA: 
Miss ion will launch 
into space in 2000 
Continued from page 1 

Valero also said that Triana 
will greatly improve our ahility to 
view th..: planl!t. 

'To date. scientists have had to 
,omhine thousands of measure-
ments from satellites in low cart h 
and g..:ostationary orbit s to try and 
I:Onstruct a similar composite,"' 
Valero said. "Ohser ations from 
L I and frol11 low earth orbit and 
geostationary satellitcs will CO l11 -
plement each other, to provide 
puwcrful scientilic tools for the 
study of our planet." 

Scripps Institution of 
Oceanography Director Charles 
Kennel said he hopes the mis-
sion wi II lead to success ful 
results. 

'"Triana offers the possibility of 
approaching a long-st,mding funda-
mental problem in c1imale science 
in [111 absolute new way," he said. 
" If it is successful, it will pioneer a 
whole new generation of Earth 
observation, not only from LI. bUl 
from other points in deep space." 

One of the goals of the Triana 
mission will also be to discdver 
huw much sular <!nergy is taken up 
and dispersed throughout the Earth. 

"Solar energy is the basic dri -
ver of the Earth 's climate sys-
tern." Valero said_ "So it is critical 
that we understand how it inter-
acts with the atmosphere, clouds. 
aerosols, thc solid Earth and the 
oceans, in order to cons truct 
accurale models of how the c1i -
rnate system works." 

The Triana mission will 

SERVING UCSD FOR 17 YEARS! 

overseas 
Automotive Repair 
••••• d 

NEWS 3 

employ a Earth Polychromatic 
Imaging Camera (EPI ), which 
will allow scientists to conduct 
studies on aerosols. 

The EPIC instrument can 
observe special images in space 
and monitor changes in the 
Earth's environment. such as 
agricultural and other vegetation 
tr<lnsformations. EPIC can also 
catch sigh t of the clouds and thei r 
interaction with other radiation . 
The camera wi ll also take pictures 
of the moon. hurricanes, furest 
lires and lunar ec lipses. 

"We an; interested in studying 
the interaction of aerosols \ ith 
solar radiation, how much energy 
the aerosol absorbs and how much 
energy is scattered or rcllected 
back to space," Valero said. 

The satellite will also have a 
small space-weather monitoring 
instrument to contribute to the 
understanding of how so lar 
events affect instruments orbi ting 
the Earth, such as communica-
tions satellites. 

Asrar said that students wi II 
play an important role in monitor-
ing the results of thi s mission. 

"We hope and expect to have 
widespread plIrticipation by stu-
dents in every phase of th is inspi-
rationa l project - students wi II 
bene fi t ... from hands-on part i c i-
pat ion in Triana. via the Internet 
and NASA's educational olltreach 
efforts," said . 

Scripps Institution of 
Oceanography wi ll implement the 
Triana mission with the help of 
NASA's Goddard Space Flight 

enter in Greenbelt, Maryland, 
which will provide a small space-
craft for exploration and other sup-
plies to help support the mission. 

Oil Change & $1595, Minor $29' 35-pt. Major $69' SEE 
Safety CheckOn1Y • Tune-Up only • Service only • BELOW! 

NISSAN • TOYOTA. ACURA • MAZDA' HYUNDAI • HONDA. MtTSUBISHI • ISUZU • VOLKSWAGEN 

rM~-T---U~. FREE w! m~r W ,I lo.~. r.~u. 
1 mar une p . ------_ ...... 

Special Brake Job 
l our tune up in~/udes a 101 more Reg. $55 S pee i a I Reg. S80 ........ 
I than others. It Includes: I I NEW Spark plugs 7 Check brakes Front or rear. Brake job includes: 
12 Check Dlslnbulol polnl s 8 Check cluich I I Inslalllroni pads or leal shoes _I 3. Check Dlslnbulol 9. Check IIghls 2. O,aln old blake "uld " 
1 condensol 10 Check undeicalllage I 3. Inspecl hydlaullC syslem I 4 Adlusillming lor damage 4 Rehll hydlaullc "uld : -, • 
I 5 Check and leplentsh 11 Check cooling syslem I 5 Bleed blake syslem • I all fluid and 011 levels & hoses 6 Ad,uSII'On! (II shOes) and real shoes H. Adlusl dwell angle 12. Road lest l!.Road lesl II 

3S.~rnt-MajorSerVice tiffiil -li~*! I SpeCial ____ __ 
I No . spall< plugs 12 A~u~ a.en angle 24 LUbe Iront end Oil 

RamachandRan 
1 EX. tra for fuel Injected cars. ou.r major servIce includes: Reg. 5150 I V I 
I 2 New A. I~el 13 AlItu~ cornurelOl 25 Check I .. loose IlIJIs & bel, I I 3: New olMer \4 AO!o~"io-luelra'~",nure 26 Chec'Itj1ls ~ Change 
14.Change en9~e 04 15 CIIec. sleenng 27 Check u"""~a"age fOl da""9ll I I S.N.wl.,II"" 16 Checkclulch 28 Chec'andrech"gebafte~ I'_ & 

will be speaKing and signing 
copies of his new bOOK on 

lUcdnc:-;d(1~J, 1\ovcm()ct{ 1ft h 
~ : ()() - () :: ~()I >T1) 

U ( ~Sl) 1)00 K~;( 0 t{c, I~ ; t nO() I~ 

www-b OKS ORe,u sd.edu 
(619 )534- 3149 

I 6 Check distnbul .. po"", 17 AlItus! ellleh 29. RoIaI"r.s " ,,- I I i Check disllibuiOleon<lensor 18'CI",k brakes 30. Chec"" press". 20.p 0 i nt 
8. eomp,osslOflleSi 19.A<\uS1 brake, 31 Lobe dooI hnges I I 9. Valve a~usllr.no ~ """,,1 20. AlItus, emergency brake 32. Check allldde" Sa f e ty C h e c k I 
10. New ,alve e"or gal'~ 21 Check & repleo<sh ~!lud ",.Is 31 Check cod<i<J IY"em & hoses I . I 1 ...... _1 22 CIIeck and adtusl expoltlfbe s :J.4 Chec'UhaUllsyslem SpeCial I 11 , Adjusl bm"9 23. CIIeck eIecIrc~ fuses 35. Road Ie" 

I":0le : Exlre lor 6-cyllnder, 8-cyllnder, and pillinum plugs. J ~ ------ ------ ---CompleteClutch Job " • Timing Belt Special ', ." 11. New pressure plate 4, New Pilot Bearing - - - - - - - - -
2. New Clulch Olsk. 5. Change IransmlSSlon all Extended Warranty 13. New Throwoul beallng 6.Ro.d lesl 1 
Not.: Hyd .. uliep."."eno,cove ..... No" ... WO. fronl ...115 30 45 60 75 & 90K service L:-,drtY •• ",... , , , , , 
---------"Most cars. With thiS ad. Exo,,'s 11 /16/98 . Overseas Auto sooa·e M".mar Rd 15 

Brand new parts . Ask a!:out our specials on engines. * 
All our work has a 2-year or 20,OOO·mlle limited warranty. .... 

'ovefiea, ® !~~8-B ~;;:~~/R:~ ~U!g,mo:ve!e:l~ -. 695.1 990 
Exe,lI,nt "f",nelS from satisfi,d eU$tDmi,rsi'mcl'i";fDirla~nii;;; 



4 OPINIO The UCSD Guardi an 

PINION 
1998 Guardian California Election Guide 

Monday, November 2, 1998 

Governor 
The race for the Golden Stare's next 

governor centers around education. With 
Californians feeling better than they 

GOING THE DISTANCE 
have since the early '80s, education is 
one of the key issues on voters' minds. 

Democrati c candidate Gray Davis, 
as current lieutenant governor, has 
served as a regent of the University of 
California system and a trustee of the 
California State University school s. He 
has said that education is his number 
one priority. A plan Davis proposed 
pairs public schools performing in the 
bottom 10 percent with nearby co ll eges 
and universi ties . 

On Tue day, Nov. 3, the fate of 
California once again falls into 
the hands of voter. , as the polls 
open for the 1998 California 

election. 
The Guardian endorsements 

herein are based on a de ire to 
elect candidate and promote 
propo ition that will nlake 

positive contributions to 
alifornia' future. 

The follOWing endor. enzents 
reflect the majority vote of the 

editorial board and do not 
necessarily reflect the view of 

the entire uardian staff. 
Editorial Board 

Walt DlcklnlOn, Editor in Chief 
Julia Kull. Mader, Managmg Editor 

Megan Smith, Managmg Ed,tor 
M.,c Comer, Opmion EdItor 
Erika Snider, News Editor 

Laura Knighten, Copy EdItor 

Dan Lungren , the Repub lican cand i-
date for governor and our current state 
attorney general, favors more conserva-
ti ve educational measures such as 
school vouchers to allow parents of 

... ---....I~---... children in California 's 

Davis 

worst school s to send 
their children to better 
school s, public or private, 

Lungren also refers to 
community colleges as the 
"unsung heroe '" of the 
California educational sys-
tem and supports eas ier 
transferabi lity of courses 
between the state's three 

systems of hi gher education . Lungren's 
campaign di splays hi s attorney general 
background , stressing the importance of 

See story on page 9 

Senator 
The difference between Republican 

Senate candidate Matt Fong and the 
incumbent, Democrat Barbara Boxer, is 

.. ----.... ----... their demeanor. Fong, cur-

. Boxer 

rently Ca li fornia's treasur-
er, is quiet, reserved and 
bland. He has called him-
self shy, and his supporters 
have admitted to his being 
boring. 

Boxer is on the other 
side of the lIpectrum. Shl! 
is someti tllCS loud. ahra-
sive and in the face of peo-

ple who may not want to Ibten to her. 
urrently oLlr state's representative in 

the enate, Boxer has made her share of 
enemies, but has also pushed through hn 
share of effective and needed legis lalion, 
such as the Clinton's balanced budget 
agenda. The Clintons support her as well. 
The First Lady has made several 
fundraising appearan es in California in 
recent months to support Boxer and her 
platform of env ironmental protection , 
abortion rights and educati on. 

However, in a state where educati on is 
the only issue dominating voters' minds 
and television om merc ial s. di ffercnces 
between candidates are difficult to reveal. 

In recent weeks, the enate debate has 
M~JJI )llOVed away from the state and toward ~"!'"o~--:;;;:':~:"~~=::=J the national level, reminding voters that 

our senator is our representative in 
josephine Roberts/Gu.trdtan See story on page 9 

Monday. Novemher 2, IlJYH 

yes 

IA 
The quailty 

of our schools, 
wi th the excep-
tion of it~ uni -
vers ities. has 
deteriorated . 
Repairin g 
buildings and 
maki ng them 

earthquake-proor. making , la" 
sizes sma Iler and hiring mon:: 
teacher, are all ne.:e,sary goals that 
must be accomplished to improve 
our school ~ystem, Proposi ti on I A 
alh.:mpts to ,olve all these problem, 
In one fell swoop. 

PlOposllion I A is more than 
three times larger than any other 
hond measure III ali fornia 's hi,to-
ry. If the proposition passes. $9.2 
billion in 25-year honds would be 
sold. The money generated hy the 
honds will fund the goals men-
tioned ahove , from kindergarten 
through the university level. 

Proponents ,tated that this 
money is nct:essary if our schools 
arc to remain competitive with 
thost: from other Mate" Thcy point 
out that without thi, measure, the,e 
i mprovemcl1ls may nl!cd to be 
fu nded by an increase in tax rev-
enue and may take Ill any years to 
cOlllplete, 

Opponents stated that the inter-
est that the ·tate will have to pay 
out will be about 6 billion, and 
that thi measure eflectively gets 
$9,2 billion worth of work done at 
a t:ost or $15 billion. The money to 
payoff thiS debt would have to 
come from the state 's coffers , 
which arc. in turn , lilled hy tax dol-
lars, In other words, although taxes 

would not be raised by this bill . 
about '2.000 in taxes frolll each 
ramily (on the average) would need 
to be ~et a~idc over a 25-year peri-
od to payoff the debt. 

Opponents to the proposition 
argue that paying for thc Improvc-
ments with hudget ~urplw,es would 
allow the ~tat e tn u~.: the $6 hlillOn 
that would oth.:rwi~e be wa~ted . 
Opponents al,o stated that the leg-

1 ~ lature b h<:lng irre~p()n,ihk with 
lund~ , 

In addi tion, with the gl(lhal 
cconolll) helng um,tahle. oppo-

nent~ stat.:d that now may not be 
th.: hest lime to enter into ,ut:h a 
111;],,1\,<.: , long-tam debt. 

Proponents do not deny the ' 15 
hillion dollar cost, and opponents 
do not den that this bill would h<.: 
effective. The only i,sue is whether 
or not the benefit, are wonh the 
price tag. The Guardian Ilrl(e.\' YOII 
t{) l'(Jtl' YES on Proposition IA. 

1,2 & 11 
These laws 

have threc 
things In COI11 -
1110n. First. they 
were all put on 
the hallot hy the 
l egi, laturc , 
Second , nOlle of yes 
them havc much 

opposition. Third. none of them is 
likely to have much effect on an 
average ci tilen's life. as all three do 
nothing more than make ' li ght 
change~ or exceptions to existing 
bills. 

Propos ition I would amend 
Proposition 13, passed in IlI7!! , 
Proposillon 13 placed a limit or 2 
pertent tax on the origi nal land 

The UCS D Guardian 

va lue of a house that IS t:ontinually 
ownt:d. This means that long-time 
reSidents an: protected against huge 
property tax int:reases due to ri si ng 
land value. Under Proposition 13. if 
the owner t:hang.s res ldem:e. then 
tht: new re,idem:e i, reassessed at 
lis aL'tual value and propeny taxes 
art: paid ul:t:ording to that value, 

nder ,urrent law. i I' a home-
owner is the victim of a natural dis-
a, ter that render~ hi, hOl1le llnin-
habitahle, then he will hale to hu) 
a nc\~ hou,c , whirh will he 

rea,~e"cd and t,lxed according to 
Its actual value. Proposition I 
would Imkc cx(;eptions that \\(luld 
protect property owners who Ime 
their house in a natural dt>astcr 
al lowing them to hu) a hOllle 01 
equal or les~er value. \\ hile retain-
ing thCIT old Propo ition 13 hene-
lits. 

Propm.llion 2 would amend the 
State onstitution to change 
accounting procedures within the 
govenlll1cnl. Currel1tly. 11I0l1ey in 
the stalc" transportation fund can 
he lent to the state 's Gelli.:ral Fund. 
Tim propositIOn proposes rcstm:-
lions. Illniting the tlll1C to pay had.. 
the money to one ycar. If passed. 
this propmitlon would hl'lp to set 
aSldc money for tramportatlon 
improvelllen ts, where It was ongl -
nall y intended to go. 

Proposition II would allow two 
or more local distncts to ,hare sales 
tax revenucs hy a two-thirds vote 111 
each gove rning hody, Previow,ly, 
this decision ,au ld nnl hl! made 
hy a majority popular vo te in each 
district. 

Proponents for Propmition II 
slawd that this measure will allow 
ci ti es to work IOgcther more easi ly 
when attracting new husllles" 

rather than engaging in bidding 
wars with each other, 

A sl11all opposition stated that 
Ihi s wi ll take away from peoplc's 
right to se lr-governance. The 
Guardian Ilr,~es YOIl to I'ore YES 011 
PropositiollS I . 2 and II , 

Propo,ition 19X 
pas,ed alluw ing 
California I'ot-
ers to crn" 
party lines when 
selec ting t:andl -
dates in primary 
.: Iectio n" 

In,tcad of being restn,ted to HHing 
within their own 1"111) , Proposilion 
3 will return Cl li fornia to the wi th-
in-party primary voting when vot-
ing for the rrcside nt of the l1itcd 
Statcs, kctions for most offices 
wi ll rCllIain unchanged. Currell tl y. 
under Pro[losi tion 1915. the 
Deillocrati..: and Repuhlican panies 
do not mu nt alifornia\ votes for 
president In pnillar efe..:tiolls . 

Proponents stated thi , propmi-
tlonls heing presented llecause 19 
((lII nl cts wi th sOllie aspects of fed-
era l voting laws and would likdy 
invalidate any open prilllary erec-
tion result,. 

Opponcnts stated that it is possi -
ble to roree the pulitical panics to 
play hy aliforni :t's rules. and there 
are meawres that the parties call 
take to make exception,. 

However. these steps are volun-
tary. and it appears unlikely that 
they wi llmal,c an exception in this 
~a~e. a, both major parties arc cur-
rently appea ling the passage of 
19X, 

OPINIO 5 

Proponents stated that shOll Id 
this measure fai l, the mo t li kely 
scenario is that rather than havi ng 
Californians vote I' r a primary 
candidate, de legates would choose 
a candidate for us, Tlte Guardian 

yes 

vOfe YES Oil 

4 
This porpo-

sit i on wou Id 
prohihit th t: 
usage of leg-
catt:hing traps 
or either of two 
spccilic pois()n~ 
on any lIIammal 
unless the.c 

methods arc the only way to protect 
human health or safety. 

Proponents ,t:llcd that the trars 
are unnecessari ly crue l. wi th some 
animals gnawing off their own I\!gs 
to es~ape or surferi ng ror hour, 
hefore linally succumbing to poi -
son. It would still allow cage traps. 
CO llllllon mousetraps. nets and 
nth.r pOisons, 

Opponcnts stated that thi s 
wuu ld limit the elfcc ti veness of our 
park wardens and c uld co,t up to 
several million dollars for develop-
ing alternate means , In addition. it 
wou ld require an increase in 
bureaucracy to enforce the law. 
Fina lly. pponents stated that thi s 
proposition might lead to the 
ex tinction of some endangered 
spet:ies. as opti ons available to park 
rangers to protect them from preda-
tors wou ld he diminished. 

Proponcnts counter that the 
costs arc overstated and that the 
stat c department has other me thods 

See story on page 6 

UCSD STUDENTS ARE ELIGIBLE FOR FREE SHUTTLE 
RIDES TO AND FROM LINDBERGH FIELD OR THE 

The marketplace is changing continuously. Companies are finding ways to 

compete faster, with higher quality and incre,L~ed resullS. Are you ready to join 
the husiness world? Do you have the talent, technology and know how? 

SOLANA BEACH AMTRAK STATION 

SPONSORED BY TRANSPORTATION ____ 
f9 

& PARKING SERVICES AND THE 

ASSOCIATED STUDENTS, UCSD 

LIMITED 
SEATING-

ADVANCE RESERVATIONS 
REQUIRED 

Meet Brad Cooley 
Corporate Director 0/ Engineering 

Electro Scientific Industires, Inc. 

Mr. Cooley will be discussing "Leading Technologies Enabling Customer 

Solutions for Electro Scientific Industries" and encourages you to take part 

in a Question & Answer process follOWing the discussion, 

Tuesday, November 3, 1998 
5:00 PM in the Career Services Center 

(Admil'sioll is FREE & seating will be limited) 

Be ure to check out our Web site at www.esLcom. 

· ~ - .A 
Electro Scientific Industries, Inc. 



6 OPINION 

Continued from page 5 
that are just as effec tive. The 
Guardian urges yml to vote YES on 
Propositiun 4. 

5 
law 
any 

ative American 

casino on it). 
land. The tribe ye S must, however, negot i ate a con-
tract wit h the 

state govemment. Depending on the 
amount of gambling allowed in the 
state, governmenls have a varying 
degree of nexibility while negotiat-
ing these contracts. 

In Califurnia '> case. It must 
negotiate a deal in good faith with 
the tribc~ . However. the Pala 
Compact, which was the first deal 
reached between the state and a 
Native American tribe. mandate). 
that its provisions arc to be used in 
all future negotiations hetween Ihe 
state and tribe~ . Essent iall y. the 
state pUI down ils terms and ~Iat ed 
' 'Take II or leave it." 

Proposition 5 wou ld makt; the 

state enter into specific agreements 
with each tribe. Under its provi-
sions, ative Americans could 
orfer card games, a lottery, horse 
race wagering and video gambling 
devices, so long as all winnings and 
Im,ses were returned 10 the playe rs. 
The casinos must payout to cu, -
tomers what they bring in through 
gambling (a "7.ero-sum garne"). 
Other game." slIch a~ slot 
machines. would not be allowed. 

Proponen L~ ~tated th at the Pala 
Compac t was unfair to ati vc 
Ameri cans, and that casino~ arc a 
way for American Indians to make 
a living. They ~tat ed that tribes with 
ca s ino~ have had unemployment 
drop 50 percent and welfare cut 6!l 
percent. In addition , the ~ tat e 
expects that it s revenues wou Id 
increa,e by as much as $120 mil-
lion a year if thi s bill passes. 

Opponents stated that the bill 
goes too far. Under this proposition, 
any tribe wishing to operate a casino 
may operate under it, own provi-
~ions. Opponents also stated that 
under this proposition. ati ve 
Americans could open ~a sinos In 
other part , or California. although 
thi s would require the approval of 
hoth the governor and the secreta ry 

The UCSD Guardian 

of the interior. In addition, oppo-
nents stated that increased opera-
tions may lead to a spill-over into 
California of some of the less glam-

orou~ aspects of ~as i nos. such as 
cri me, prostitution and drunkenness. 

Oppone nt ~ alsu staled that 
under Propo~ it i() n 5, ative 
American casinos would be exempt 
from state taxe~ , worker safety l aw~ 
and environment al cont rols. 

Proponents ~ tated that re'>Crva-
lions arc. by federal law. sovereign 

na tio l1~. and therd'ore exempt from 
all or thes..: regula ti ll n~. Prop()~ iti ()11 
5 ha, no eflect on thc~c current l aw~. 

Thi ., law faces con~ titu lion a l 
cha Ilengc\, but has a scvGrahi lit y 
clause that allows any parb of the 
law that arc found unconstitut ional 
to he repealed. The Guardian urges 
you 10 vOle YES 011 Propositioll 5. 

pa~sed , 
Propos ition 6 
wou ld forhid 
hoth the con-
sumpti on of 
horse meal by 
humans anu also 
the sale of horse 

meat intended for human consump-
tion. Currentl y in America, it is 
illegal to con~ume dogs and cats or 
to sell them for human consump-
tion. 

Most horses kill ed for human 
co n~umption are not actually ('aten 
here, but are ,ent to foreign coun-
trie, for con, umpt ion, most notabl y 
Canada. 

Proponents argue that, a, ide 
from bei ng treared dilferentl than 
food animals for tax purposes, hors-

t e\ are animal, of beauty and should 
not be killcu accurding to prOl:C-
dure, uf the ~ Iau ghl er of callie , 
which Involve, hanging it upside-
down, , plilting its skull with a four-
inch spikt: and draining the animal's 
blood while it is still a li ve. 

It would become illegal to se ll 
or give away a horse with the 
knowledge that it will be used for 
human consumption. 

Opponents argue that i r they 
want to cal horse, then they have a 
right to cat horse. Horses are ki lied 
for dog 1'0 d or other uses, and. if it 
is the method of killing the horses 
that is the problem then that is the 
issue that should be sent before the 
voters. Opponents abo stated that it 
is absurd to make it a felony to give 

New 3-in-1 
FreshLook ColorBlends'~ 

PLO to-4 00 

r----------- , 
O ur IXJlenled c.olort.Jur~1 fJdlier I t)I"lIds 1 ] P,III(S 01· COI.OI(\IL ENIlS 

Ihree colors rnlO UIIO 10 c.rr" lII" r Wily 1 12 I',\ IHS OF FHEStlLOOK CI.EAH 

I I k I 1 
+ EXMI. FOLl ,()I1 Ups. SOLUTtONS 

natura 00 'OVOil all I I(JlrKesl !:ye~ 

Evon II your vlsron I P 'f teel 

Whal S your COlOr" 

1 

'1 
$149 Alter Mfrs. $40 cash 

rebate L ___________ ..J 

$89** $99** $129** 
COMPLETE 12 I)AIRS B&L FW COMPLETE 

.. Atl ' pec,al. Include tens • • , exam. eyecar. k'l and lallow up ""I A,rI9mo"c len.., higher 
Nor valid 'Huh any or her afte r. Ofl.rs explfe 12/31/98 

COSTA V ERDE CENTER FASHION VA LLEY CENTER 
NEAR SAKS FIfTH AVENUE 8650 GENES£! AvE. STE . 220 (619)452-7374 (619)295-0537 

M·f t 0·7 • SAl 10·6 ' I" ONLYI SUN . 11 ·6 

Monday, November 2. 1998 

away or sell a horse for food. as 
felonies are usually reserved for 
very s(' rious crimes. 

Like Propos ition 5, Proposition 
6 has a severabilit y clause, 
enabling any a~pects of thi s bill not 
challenged in court to be imple-
mented should the measure pass. 
The Guardian urges you to vo te NO 
all Propusition 6. 

7 
passed. 

Propos ition 
~l1ir .. i-: #t~ 
· ~~,~ ~,-~fni Pro position 7 would attempt to remedy the prob-lem of air pollu-

tion by rewarding 
corporations and 
individuals with no 

income tax credits in exchange for 
eOons 10 reduce harmful emiss ions. 

Under this proposition , 218 
milli on is set aside from the budget 
each year until 2010 to se rve as 
income tax credit s that will he 
rewarded on the basis of meri t. The 
amount given to each group or indi -
vidual would be determined by the 
number of unit s modi ti ed or pur-
chased and by the actu al mass of 

See story on page 7 

G R A Be 
GUARDIAN 
Golden Triangle 
• Hobillt~tion ·linko ' s ·lt. Germain 's 
• EI Torito" Cal (oPY· BJ'sPimria · Ralph 's 
• Garden State Bacel" Yons· Papjlchino 's 
• La Jolla Otl 101 • Albertson's · lubway 
• Bookmr " Zebra Copy · ltella Be lla 
" loala Yogurt • Costa Verde Car WiSh 
• La lalsa· Rubio's • Taco Bell 
• Jna House · News Etc." Buns 

O Miramar • lubway " Roberto 's 
La Jolla Shores 
• jeff's Burgers • Neighbor laver 
• North Shore Cafe I"J.JA 
• Panini Caffe \ii; 

Downtown La Jolla 
• Amy's Cafe · La jolla Brewing ( 0 
• House of Natural Foods ·Lj Public Library 
• Baltimore Baget· Bernini's I'.i.\ 
• Pannikin· 7· II( La jolla Blvd .) ~ 

Pacific Beach 
• Bummente's· Starbuckl • Ambience Cafe 
• Zanzibar·Cale Crema ·7·11 

~ ·Qulck Corner ' 
'iiIiI . Dragon House 
Mission Beach 
• Mislion Beach Tan 
• MISSion Beach Lau ndry 
• Mi sllOn Coffee HOUle 

Soup Excha nge 

Uptown/Hillcrest 
• The lrvlng Room· Pam Time Cale 

(I . Lalo's m . • The Stud y ~/~ • Espresso Roma" Euphor ia Cafe 
• UCID Med Center · Quel fromage 

North County 
" Pizza Port • Bel ly Up • Jock 's 
• flower Hill Bookstore 

(Del Mar) r.'1 
" Del Mar Highlands '4!itI 

Town Center 

Monday, November 2, 1998 

Continued from page 7 
emissions reduced. 

Also included in the bill are pro-
visions for keeping funds designed 
for lire prevention and transporta-
tion uses in the hands of their 
respective departments. 

Proponents stated that thi s will 
provide im;entive for corporations 
to "dean up their act." Competition 
for subsidies, they stated, will 
ensure that corporations make the 
most of this opportunity to upgrade 
their equipment. 

Opponents stated that the law is 
flawed in that shou ld a new envi-
ronmental law be passed. corpora-
tions wi II receive tax breaks for 
meeting those standards before the 

takes effect. This would, in 
essence. be giving corporations 
money for doing what they are sup-
posed to do anyway, forcing tax-
payers to pay to clean up the mess-
es, rather than the polluters. 

In addition, opponents stated 
that Proposition 7 requires the 
money to be paid out in full , 
regardless of whether or not any 
actual results are achieved. The 
Guardian urges you to vote NO on 
Proposition 7. 

8 

contains a num-
ber of provisions 
designed to 
streamline the 
state 's education 

n 0 apparatus . It contains two dis-
tinct parts: one changes procedures 
at the school level , and the other cre-
ates a new state bureaucracy. 

Most of Proposition 8's provi-
sions make it easier to expel stu-
dents or tire teachers that are either 
disruptive or incompetent. Students 
face mandatory expulsion for pos-
session or sale of illegal drugs. as 
well as for carrying guns. knives 
and other weapons. Teachers must 
take competency tests and present 
lesson plans to the local school 
board before they can be assigned 
to a class. It also allows principals 
to fire teachers without a hearing. 

Under this proposition, each local 
school board will have a wide degree 
of freedom in choosing what course 
material will be offered. Provisions 
for the reallocation of educational 
funds to reduce class sizes in kinder-
garten through third grades are also 
included in this measure. 

Proponents slated that thi s por-
lion of the bi II will help make class-
rooms safer. weed out incompetent 
teachers and allow young students 
to get more individual anention in a 
smaller class size . 

Opponents stated that it 
removes the ability of the adminis-
trator to make judgments, requiring 
that any student caught with drugs 
or weapons be expelled. In addi-
ti on. new powers given to school 
principals regarding the termina-
tion of teachers , designed 10 make 
it easier to weed out incompetents, 
could also be used as a threat or 
carried out in a personal vendetta. 
Opponents stated that the smaller 
class size provisions in this hill are 
due to take effect anyway, with or 
without the passage of this bill. 

This measure creates a new state 
bureaucracy headed by the "Office 
of the Chief Inspector." selected by 
the governor for a 10-year term, 

The UCSD Guardian 

who has the responsibility of exam-
ining the procedures and com pet en-
~y of all public schools. It also 
requires each local school district to 
create a new governing council. 
made up of teachers and parents at 
the school district level. The job of 
this body is to monitor local chools 
for cfliciency and to estahlish what 
curriculum will be studied. 

Proponents stated that these new 
reforms are necessary to increase 
accountability and ensure that edu-
cmional decisions are made at the 
local level, rather than by the state 
government in Sacramento. 

Opponents stated that this pro-
gram increases current bureaucracy 
levels by 300 percent and creates 
8,000 new local governing bodies. 
each of which can create its own 
educational criteria. The Chief 
Inspector cannot be removed from 
oflice: proponents stated that this 
will make him or her immune to 
partisan bickering ; opponents stat-
ed that it will make them unac-
coumable to anybody. 

Costs are unknown, but could 
run as high as $60 million annually. 
In addition, an 0 percent vote of 
the legi lature or a second proposi-
tion would be needed to modify 
this bill. Th e Guardian urges you to 
vOle NO Oil Proposition 8. 

no 

-----, 

9 
In 1996 and 

1997, the elec-
tric industry 
was deregulated 
and opened up 
to competition . 
The three main 
power compa-

A REASON TO SMILE! 
Your smile is the first thing people notice about you. Now, we 're giving 
you a reason to smile. Until November 30th, 1998 we're offering the 

Opalescence Tooth 
Whitening System 

(or only $99 (a $300 va lue) . 
a ll toJ ay, yuu' ll be glad yo u diJ. 

Linda K. Lee, DDS, MS 
"AI [he heart of my denial pracllce is ensi[ivlIY and Imaginalion. Done in [hi tvay , 

I am "ble 10 delight [he patienl , maximize oral he"lth along with IOral health , as well as 
create new smile , new confidence and peace of mind ." 

On ,.HnrU' of Sl ripp' ~1l'm"ri.ll H",pit.d 
(619)45,,3HHH . 

9H50 Genesee, Suite 200, La Jolla 

College Night 
[Jl@ilw@00kJd!~ W[jj):@[Jcoo@ 

nies, PG&E, SDG&E and 
Southern California Edison, struck 
an agreement with the government 
that allowed them to charge higher 
rates. The government did so to 
co mpensa te the companies for 
losse ' incurred during the switch 
from monopolistic to competitive 
markets. as long as th compensa-
tion was achieved before 2002, 
with a few exceptions. 

Currently, all power companies 
must charge at a rate 10 percent 
below their June 10, 1996 rate. 

If passed, this proposition 
would drop rates to 20 percent 
below their June 10, 1996 levels, 
and would force the companies to 
swallow their los 'es occurring from 
the transiti on. 

Proponents stated that thi drop 
in rates keeps utility companies 
from using their power as virtual 
monopolists to pass the conse-
quences of their errors onto con-
sumers. Thi · proposition lixes an 
injustice in the old law: Companies 
make up for their transition costs 
through surcharges. However, the 
power cornpanys' surcharges actu-
ally exceeded the 10 percent reduc-
tion. 

Opponents stated that , by set-
ting price ' at such a low rate, it 
serves to stifle competition by 
making it more difficult for poten-
tial, new power suppliers to gain 
entry to the market. Allowing com-
petition to develop normally would 
force the power companies to lower 
their prices anyway and would be 
much more effective at lowering 
rates in the long run. 

Opponents also stated that this 
bill would preserve the monopo-
lies and allow them to charge 

OPINION 7 

higher prices in the long run. In 
addition, this law has no clear 
expi ration date . Tire Guardian 
urges you ro vote NO on 
Propusitiun 9. 

If passed, 
Ihis proposition 
would put an 
additional 50 
cents per pack 
tax on ciga-

no relle, bringing the total of 
state and federa l taxes to $ 1. 13 
per pack. The money would go 
toward a variety of programs. 
including 80 percent for local 
programs designed to support 
early childhood development pro-
glams. 

Proponents stated that if passed 
this proposition would create a 
massive increase in tax revenue, 
which could be as high as $750 
million annually, and lower health 
costs, which wi II result from a 
decrease in smoking (a 32 percent 
drop in smoking occurred after a 
similar 25 cent tax in 1988). 
Proponents also stated that by 
increasing the cost so dramatically, 
teen smoking wi II decrease. Part of 
the funds would al ' 0 go toward 
tobacco education programs. 
Proponents stated that thi will 
bri ng in further benefits and sav-
ings to the state in the long term, as 
less costs are used for cu ri ng the 
sick. 

Opponents stated that this !;ill 
exempts itself from Proposition 98. 
which requires 40 percent of all 

See story on page 9 

MAJOR.S, MINOR.S, AND 
INTER.ESTED STUDENTS 
. Featuring a Sneak Preview of 

WINTER AND SPRING COURSES 
History majors) minors, and interested studmts are encouraged 
to come to an informational meeting about the tmde1;gradttate 
program in history, featuring a (Preview ) of Winter and Spring 
C(nlrse offerings. Before you register, come and Ilear professors 
introditce their courses and have a chance to ask questions. Famlty 
and staff wilt also breiJly discuss major and minor requiremmts) 
advising] and the honors program. 
FaCIlIty and staff will be available to answer your qlwtiom, so 
d1'OP itt to the Price Cmter, Gallery B any time betwem 4:00 
and 5:30 and bring yoltr qttestiotlS and sttggestiow for improving 
the program! 

Refreshments will be served. 

SEE You ON WEDNESDAY, 4 NOVEMBER! 

81 BIIRS ...... Wrdn(sJay, 4 Novtfllbtr 199C'l • 4:00-5:j0 p.m, • Priu Cmter, gal/try B 
Two photo 10 Required Drink REAL BEER 
7538 Ave. 458-BRIW TOWN MEETIN C 



8 CALENDAR 

fine .rts 
TlNIrJdIy, Novembef 5 

o DtwId SIdIris rose to fame recountJOg his strarge.l)ul·!rue ex· 
~ as a Macy's elf, reading tis 'Santa/and Diaries' on Na· 
lioN! Public Radio's MOlding E~. His sardonic MOl and 11· 
ciMsOOaI Cttque have sial made twn one of NPR's most p0pu-
lar and humorous ccmmentalOlS. $7 SIUderU; $10 Sr. Citizens; 

$12 GA. 8p.m. MII1deYIeAudimlm. 
Fray, '*'-"-6 

, Sll'lllnburg au.tat. 1996 Grammy Nominees· program 10 . 
be announced. $10 Students, $20 GA. 8 p.m. Mandeville Au<ito-
oom. 

SlIIrtdIy, No"'""" 7 
,~tj:tlunm. FOIltU'ee decades Chile'slnti·IHillanrs music has 
intoxicaled audiences around the gtove. The\' mel~ous synthe· 
sis of insMentals and vocals weaves and eKllaDIdilary CUltulal 
mulal whi;h explore the musical hentage of the IOdigenous cui-

tures of Chile, Peru. Bolivia. Ecuatb', and Argentina. $12 SIu· 
dents; $15 Sr. Citizens, $17 GA. 8 p.m. Mandeville AOOtorlJm 

Sundly, Novwnblf , 
'Nltlflt MIdIaIter. Here IS music sleeped III the ScottISh Udr· 
tiOns 01 Cape Blelon, a meidilg 01 ofd and new along willi Influ· 
ences lan9ing from blueglass to lolk performed by fiddlel 
extraOllinalle Natahe MacMaster. MacMaster is a Canaaan, Ie-
cording n NastMIe. who plays Scottsh muSIC WIth a very mcldern 
spin- while stjl respecting the music's Iradibonal orlQllls. 8 p.m. 
Mandevile AucitorlJm. 

academic 
services 

lIond6y, Novembtr 2 
, Hive lhe time of youllife In IIrlt!. EAPIOAP InlormabOn ses· 
SIO/1 al the Inlernabooai Center Conference Room. I :JO.3.00p.m 

TUfldly, No~3 
'HlbII Espenol? lmprove your Spantshwhrfe ham,j a grealbme 
III Lalrn Ameli;a. Progams Abroad nlormallO/1 sesSlOl12·3·~.m. 
althe Intemabooal Cenler Conference Room. 

Wl!dnesday. Novemr 4 
, Experience ~fe in Spein. EdtJcallOll Abroad and ~ 
portunibesAttoad Inlormabon ses~oolor $palO I:JO. 

3~.m. al the International Center Conference Room, 
711ursdly, Novembtr 5 

,Vou1ez vous study in Flence Ind earn UC credil? 
Frnd oul how althe Plograms Abroad nlormation ses-
Sion. 2·3:30 p.m. althe Inlemabanal Cenler Conler· 
ence Room. 

Ongoing 
'The O~SlS WI"ing Program aHelS one·1O-one wnbng conler· 
ences for UCSD undergraduales. Dally hours of operallon are 
Monday tfvough Fnday ~om 9:00a.m. to 4~.m . on the llirdfloor 
of Center Hall. Cal 534·7707 to scIIedule an apporn1lllenl. 
, The Generli Store Co-Op ~ open for buSiness seling the besl 
prICed textbooks, paper products, and art SUppllCS on campus. 
Open Monday tfvu Thu/Sday 9·5. Friday 94. 
, Academic InIemahip Program. AppI~alions 101 local WIIlIer and 

OUi-of-iown spring ."ernshlflS will be accepled Mooday. Oclober 
5· Fnday, November 20. Students muSI have compleled 90 urvts, 
2 twer cfvisioo cou/Ses. and have a min. 2.5 g.p.a. Lnerature 
BUilding Room 3255. M. T. Th. F 8:00·12:00 and 1:00·4;00: 
Wednesdays 8:00-tOO. 
, UCSO's Faculty llentor Progrlm. AMeroon JUIlIOIS and senors· 
!tis ~ an eXC/bng opportunity 10/ you to WO/l( dose~ WIlli a protes· 
sa 111 you major and gain valuable research expenence durrng 
the academrc year. To apply, PICk up an awhcatlOll al411 Umoer· 
sity Cenler. FOI onto cal 534·5791. AppI~allOll deadlile: Friday, 
November 13. t998. 

health + 
fitness 

Ongoing 
'IndMdUli Fitne .. AsInIrnenI· al RIMAe ""ery Moo & Wed, 
5-8pm. Walk in to the Wellness Room. 2nd Hoar. A FREE student 
servi;8 provided by Sludenl Health Advocalesl Call 534·2419 for 
mare irlol 
'HEADACHES!!! Who needs 'em? Visit the HeIdIcht Clinic at 
Student Healtl and gel hell! No charge 10 legiStered students. 
Call 534-8089 fOl your appoinlment 
• Studlnl HMIIh IS here for YOU! We're a lui slllVlCe dlnic open 

10 ALL legsleled sludents. You don'l need health l/lSurance 10 
use OUI seMCesl AppornIrnents lor phySICian VIS'S and specially 
cInl:s -cal 534-8:>89. Will: n 10 Urgent Cale weekdays Bam· 

4:~. (Wed. 9-4:~l 
• Emergency Contrlc:tption, amuaJ exams. STO lests. preg. 
nancy lests, brrth coo~ot prescllpoons, & hea"h educabon • all al 
Women's Cime. Student Health. Call 534·8089 101 appl Com· 
plelely confidenoal - alwaysl 
• ~nnonrmous HIV lllling al Studenl Healtht Walk 10 10 slQl1 up 

al the Health Amex. flrsl Hoar S I 0 charge Includes pre· and 
posl· counseling. Oueshons? Call a health educator al 
534·2419. 

The UCSD Guardian 

o Fill ChaIM.,of TtI1Ing al Student Health • sign ~ althe firsl 
Hoar bUIrin boMd for yOIl ~ent. 
o Don't Go in the 0ceIn! Noleasl no! untl you've had your Hepati1Js 
A shots! " you siXI 01 SWIn 10 the ocean, consider illmurmbons 10 
protectYOllhealth. Twosrots· 6m~ apart · 160 each. Will: il to 
Studenl Health M·F 8-fl am; Wed. g.lIam. 
o Student Health Advocate providle PMr Education Pr .. ms on 
Nutrition, HlV, F!neU, Siess & O!helltPcs· al your res haD or stu· 

dent org meetingsl CaD 
534·2419 lor info on 
these FREE programsl 
o Low Colt PhIIl!IICY' 
Over·lhe-cOlmter hems 
(cold medi;ines, anlac· 
Ids, bandaids, vitalTllllS, 
ski! care products, sun-

screen, CCIOJace¢.'e products, coruct lens products, st.) all al dis· 
couri prl:es! Located ilthe first ftoor of Studenl Health. Open M.f 
8am-4:3Oprn. Wed. 9am-4:3C4lm. 
, CPA Ind First AId CiIIMI at SlJderi Healthl Classes held al SIIJ. 
dent Health· taught by AtneICan Red C'OSS-certified Instructors. Take 
Commlrily CPA, Standard First Aid (willi Reference Book) • allor 
$25.00! S9' up soon . classes fil up qui;kIyf Come 10 2nd Hoar 01 
Studenl Health Cene i U~';;UC$d+ 10 sign up. 

meetings 
Wednesdly, November 4 

, Dwllr FIeld Tripi Meet aI5:30 at the Oarkslal Office (Room 212 
Old Studenl Cenler) lor rides and directions belore we head on 10 the 
Ken 10 see a bland new prill of the restore arimaled psychedelic SF 
Classic, "FanlasbC Planer. Bri1g $$ for tkt(ets and muncllles. Infa: 
58&-9452. 
• Come to the Nltianal Society at Blick Engineers General Body 
Meeting. 6:30p.m. al the Cross Cultural Cenler. TopIC 10 liscuss ~ 

NlQht of Industry. All iIle wefcomel 
, P AS.s (PI~icll Auociltian for Student Service) 

~ having a General Body Meebng. Everyooe IS welcome. 
Come see whal we're all abOlJl. Refreshments Wli be served 
althe the meallng. 7-8p.m. al Warren Lecture HaH 2005. 
, UCSD See~s Scuba Club Meeting. 4th Hoor Con-
lerence Room al RIMAC. 7·9p.m. Guesl Speaker Alistar 
Hobday Wlli talk about kep ecology and sheep crabs. LoIS 01 

new d~1I19 ""ents. New mentors wetcomel 
TIHIrs"y, November 5 

, Darkllar's Scltn(, Fiction Dinner will be al Malle Calendars. 
Calmel Mounlain. Gather althe Darttstar oHi;e (Room 212 Old Stu· 
denl Center) at 6:45 p.m. bllef meeting and arlange rides. lnlo: 586-
9452. 

S,rurday, No .... mbtr 6 
, Darkslar 's Gaming Meetingl I p.m.- l1p.m. PI~e Cenler Gallery 
S, above the PC Thealer. We II have tons of games & tons oIlunl 
Please drOP byl 

Ongoing 
• MEChA General Body Meetings. Every Monday at 5 pm n lhe 
Cross Cul1\lal Center. See yootherel 
• African-American Studenl Union meets '!Very Moriday aI6:00p.m. 
10 the ClOSS Cultural Center. Aff are welcome. Corne and have a 
goodlmel 
• Community Seriica, Leadership, Fellowship: Crcfe K has II al. 
Come JOIn us on Mondays al 7 pm. 1/1 Ganery A, Hope 10 see you 
therel 
, Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Transgender Association meets Mon-
days 7 pm Graduale Studenl Associaoon Room nexlto A.S Lecture 
NOles. More mlo: 534·GAYS. 
• Come join the International Club. Meel UCSD and IOlemaoonal 
students. We meel every Tuesday al 6:30 pm. 11 the Inlernational 
Cenlel Lounge. 
,The UCSD Ballroom Dance Club meels '!Very Fnday. 24 pm. In 
the Main Gym, Nor1h Sak:ony. Come for ~ee fun dancrng. Beglfmers 
welicome. Our nexl dance 15 Sunday, Oclober 18 at 7pm . ., Pnce 
Cenler Ballroom B. For more Info call flJlea a167&-0992 

'The Lesbiln end Bisexual Women's Group meels 
every Thursday ~om 7p.m . .a:~.m . III the Women's 
Cenler. Thrs IS a dISCUSSion group for women 10 me 
with other women. See you the,e

' religious 
services 

Ongoing 
'LOS IntsituteFriday Forums. Every Friday aI12:2Op.m. the UCSO • 
Mormoo commullity meels 10/ greallood, mobvallOllaf speakers and 
IeIlowslipping. The LOS Insblute Is located on La Jotla V.age 0,. 
dlleclly across ~om MUll T~ Res. Halt. 

services + 
workshops 

/londly, Novtmber 2 
• Identify With Your Celeer In Ute Science a Heallh: Un-

declaled or unsule about 
whallo do Willi YOOI major? 
Mend thrs workshop 10 deter· 
mine whal JObs ale a good match 
lor you and Qel vital facts on spe-
cific occupaoons illie science & 
health lields. 534·3750. 2:30· 
4p.m .. Career Services Center 

Tundly, No"'""" 3 
, Gradulle Study in V'lIUIf Alta: Learn how 10 prepare for and aWl 
to graduate progams in V~uat Arts. Ttis session i1cludes the pre-
sentation of por1fofios by curreri graduale students and an cwortu· 
nr1y lor quesoons and answers. Presented by the Visual Arts. Dept. & 
Career Services Cenilll. 534-4939. 2p.m.-4p.m. alMandevile Cenler 
t06. 
, CIreers in lAw, EcIuc:ation, HUI1Wl Resourteta SoeiII Services: 
Learn aboutlhese and Othel specific occupations in lunan servk:es 
fields at the Career Services Center's ,denlify Your Career in Human 
Services' worltsMp. 534·3750. 2:30p.m. at the Career ServicesCen-
ler. 
, Lllderlhlp Semi",r: Time, Sfletch, Ind Minner ~om 3-4p.m.ln 

the Pri;e Center Gaiety B. ls ~ possi>te thai the exact same words In 
Iwo dlflerenl slluahons can have d,fferenl consequences? 
DISCuss and explore the Ihln lme between an IOOvlduars rights to kee 
speecf\lassembly & the lirmlabons of lliese prOlectlons based on Ime, 
place. and manner. Sponsoled by Siudeni 019anizalions and 
Leadelshlp Opportunities. (SOLO) For more Infolmahon call 
534·0501. 
, Retearch Directions In Preventive Medicine. Learn mDle aboul 
careers III heallli or healllHeialed reseillch. Find OUI aboul JXbIic 

health careers from Dr. Wilma Woolen ~om the UCSO 
Dept. 01 FamrtylPrevenllYe Medlcone. See you aillie 
Cross CU"Ulai Cenler Gallery 4 p.ml Catt 534·7579 lor 
mDle nlO/mallOn. 

Wednnd.ty, Novtmbtr 4 
'GracfuaIt Study in Clinical P1ychoIogy: Meel a pare! 
of facufly and ochers 'lotio wll discuss the nature of and 
preparabon lor !1aduate stud)' nOOcal psychoIoqf 534· 
4939.2:30 p.m. at the career Serw;es Center. 

, Prt-HNfIh ""our~ Flir. Fond out Iboutthe people and places al 
UCSO thai can ~ you prepare fOl health professIOnal school. Meet 
representa1lYeS ~om Kaplan. Career Serw;es Cenler and the heafth. 

retated student OIgalUations al Lilrary Walt Cal 534·7579 for 
mDle ilIormalXln. 11 a.m-2p.m. 
, Free L~ Sltrillll: Medici! School AdmissIons Strri-
OIl ~om 5-7p.m on the Pri;e Cenler Thealer. To be presented by 
Michael F~, DlrectOl of HyperIeamng. An OVeMeW of medical 
school admission willi a locus on the MCAT and Vital elernerts 01 
this _atlon process. Sponsored by Student Orgarizations and 
Leadership Oppoftunilies. For more nlo cal 534-0501 . 
• Trwitions ..• An lnter/lltiOllll Cereer end Gradllall School 
Elplorltion Program. Come meet willi Bruce Baldsley, a ~ 
mal in Residerce al UCLA. lor a u. cwortuni1v to learn firsl· 
hand aboulll1ter~ wrtIlthe U.S. State Depl and careers III 
FU891 Service. ln1emabonal Center lounge 5:30 p.m. 
• Copyrights. TradenwU. UnfIir Competition Worbhop v.itI 
John Benassi, ~ ParI/leI at lyon & lyon. 4m :00p m, 
Pri;e Center, Oa'lislRiversile Room. 0veMew of ntelectual Prop-
erti, APptying & Obtainng a Copyriqhl or Trade/nar1(, 01 Have a 
Trademark. and an Update on the Digital Milervium Copyrigll 
Act Passed I7f Congress. For more nfOlmalion. please contad 
Studenl legal ServICes 5344374. 

TIHIrldly. Novembtr 5 
, lAw Schoof inforll1llion Flir: Mc/'e than 75 law schools in· 
clJOng haf of the nabon's top 20 schools (t998 U.S. News survery) 
wjl be here 10 3CIIYeiy recruit you. Schools i1clude UClA, NYU, 
Stanlod, Columbia. Geagetown, UC Hastings. and morel Gel info 
011 feIowsIips, grants, Ioands, and aSSlSla~. 10:3Oa.m.·2p.m, 

Loary Walk (PC Balkoom ~ 
rain). ParIi:~ Irst at w;rII. 
csc.ucsd.eOOICSCIlawfa.hun 
, The Study • Pllctice of 
Llw- Clreer Exploration 
Panel: Law SChoolleps WlI 
discuss the appticlbon and 
admlsslOl1s process. A supe-

rior court fudge and two attorneys lepresenllng differenllaw spe. 
cialties wit descrtle the pradlCe Qf law. ~ you can't make 1I1S 
SesSIOll, rt w~ be avaifatje on video 1116.534·3750 2'30 p.m. al 
the Career Serv~es Center. 

Frmy, Novembtr 6 
• Preparing for Medical School: SInce OUI filst sesSlO/1 was so 
popular and full, we're oftering!tis second session lor those 'Irf1o 
missed h. Learn about academic, ex· 
Iracurricular and caleer plan· 
"'"!llor the medical ploles· 
Slor1. 534· .939. 2:30p.m. 
at the Ca· reer Services 
Center 

Ongo-
ing 

, It ' $ 
HerIi PlCt< 
up YOUI 
copy ollhe 
Career Selvices 
Center's Fal Calen-
dar loday and slart 
pulling you job 
search 0/ gladuale 
school plans in high 
gearl Oon'l miss a 
greal hneup of evenls 
Includrng Caleer ExpIo-
laban Panels, On-Cam· 
pus Inlervlews. Scll 
Tech Job Fair, Pro-
lessional & 
G,aduale 
Schoollnlo 
Fall and 
m a Ie! 
5 3 4 • 
3750. 

, JOBSI 
JOBS! JOBS!· 
24/7 al www· 
csc.ucsd.edu: Access 
IOOusands of job hsl· 
Ings on lhe Career 
ServICes Center's 
homepage 
( w w w . 
csc.tJ:Sd.edu) 
at any1Jme 
on any 

Internel-coMecled com-
pulet'! Sigrl up today lor On-

Campus inleMewS 01 awti lor 
wOlk·Sludy jobs, lull'lrme or 

part·bme jObs, nlernships. ca· 
reer pos,bOllS, and co-ops. For 

more .,Iormabon cal 5344472. 
, Interested in Graduate or Pro-

fessional School? Videos, catalogs, 
and direclories on various programs 

are avalable althe CareerServi;es Cen-

t: ler. Pickupinlonnatioosheelsooprepal. i1g lor admlSSIO/lS lests, applying lor felow· s~, obtairing Ielerenee leiters and wr4i1g personaf stalements. For more info, check out w;rII~ .ucsd.edu 01 call 5344939. 
• Career Advising for UndergradUlle end Gradulle Stll-

dents: Let expert career a<Msors at the Career Services Cen-
ler he\l yoo idenbly career opportullllies thai match YOU' goals, 
inlerests and skiI~ . Get your resume critiqued. explore potential 
careers, team how 10 network and oblaln valuable cueer infor· 
mabon. OIIlp-i1s: 1.1 , I ~m. Morni1g appts. avaiable. Cal 
534·3750. For mOle 1010. w;rII-csc.ucsd.edu. 
'Sign up forOn-CampU1lnllrviews: ~you'regraduating soon 
and need a job, don1 m~s your chance to inlerview with major 
employers who are cornir] on campos Oct 19· Nov. 25. Huny! 
Sign up deadlines vary. Srgn up and view job listings al W¥Nr' 
csc.ucsd.edtI'csclJstoncam.htm.Aff ilterviews held al Career Ser-

VICeS Center 2nd noor. 5344472. 
/londays 

, Undelgradual, Growth Group: 3:JO.5:00pm. Room 242SSB. 
Siudents ohen expellence loneliness, uncerlainty, anxiety, 
and confuSlO/1 as Ihey Iry 10 losler inllmale lelallOllShlps WIth 
fnends, famllf, and roman1IC pannels. Th~ may be true even 
when olhels see Ihem as oulgolng and conlldent. ThiS 
coed therapy group IS desiQlled lor students who want 10 learn 
10 develop more effective ways 10 InleraCI Wllh olhers. 
PrevIous indlvlduat IhelaPr IS recommended bel ole 
10,"lng Ihe G,owlh Group. ed by John Wu, 534·1579 
and Jeff NallO, 534·1725. Call John 01 Jeff 10 sign up 101 
the Qloop. 

Tuesdays 
• Men', GIOUP: 1·2~.242SSB. This grouP 100u~dMSIOIl 
and !1aduale student men discuss I/1te/pe1sonaJ reiallOnshrp 
chalenges n:tudIng mant.1nrng lOdependence on close leiabOn-

~ Wlth women. anger controt and gullL Also. Inendshrp Mth 
ocher men and reialIOOShip wtIh oneseW wI be lopocs. Led by Ron 
Lane. 534·2aiO, andJeft Nain 534·1725. Can Roo 01 Jeff 10 SIQIl 
up 

Monday, November 2, 1998 

'Compulsive Elling Support Group: 2:00- 3:30p.m.in2101 Hu- • 
maMies and Social Sciences. Led by Reina Juillez, 534-3S75. cat til 
Rerna 10 sign up. . 0 

Wednadays 
'Advenced SIrtIa IIInIgImInt llllough SllfHypna.ill: 9:00a.m .. 
10 I 0:00, Dean'~ Conference Room. Thurgood Marshall Adminis· 
tration Bui di1g. Ttis group is open to students willi some pnor ex· I 
paslKe and experience il stress managemenl and retaxabon train .... 
Ing. The locus wiI be on !earring and practicing se" 1riIInosis. Lead " 
by Jeanne Manese, 534·3035. Cal Jeame 10 s~n up'(orthe groop. ::r 
Starts Wed., Oct. 2llIh. 
o Plrenting Support Group:12·1pm. Women's Center, 412 UCtr . •• 
Beilg a parent and a student at UCSD is as challenging as I~e can :::a 
be' ThiS group will offer a forum for parents to gel together, stwe 
and learn from each ocher as we navigale logether the delightful I 
and yet not so placid waters of parenthood. Led by Reina Juarez, 
534·3875, Call Raila for information and 10 s~n up fa the group. 

'uli1~icanoSupportGtoup: 2:J0.4:~ HafOome Lounge, 
MUJ CoIIege. Fam"', parents. economi;s, friends, relationships, 
Clfue and academi:s- a111hese themes are explored loward the 
ooat of gladuabon from UCSO. Led by Reina Juarez. 534·3875 and 

~an !A UIlOl 534-0251 . 
,Gtlduata Women's G,oup: 3:I5-Spn. Women's Center, 412 UCtr. 
This is a year long therapy group. New members are interviewed 
and integrated inlo the group oIl a quarterly basis. Themes ale gen-
erated by members of the group. Typrcal lliemcs include academd 
professional ider11ity, dealing with mu~ lofes, mairIailng romantic 
relaflonsh¥is. and providing care lor sell. Led by EQuila Luke. 534· 
024S and ClYistJe Fukunaga, 534·5989. Call E~ila or CMstie for 
a pre"l'oup appOIOtment. 
'Graduate Men's and Women'sGroup: 4:3010 6:00p.m. 242SSB. 
This !lOUP IS lor graduale students who are interested in exploring 

relalions~ , academiclprofessional issues and personal concerns. 
Including translorming frustration, feill, dis~enl and 1oneIi· 
ness 10 lesll8llCe. compelerce and satisfacbon. Gloups cootinue 
Ihrou!toot llie academt year and new members may joing wilen 
operongs occur. and accomodations can be made lor academic 
requrements. IA second 9'oup at a differenl time is a~o lorrnmg. 
Call 534·3755 (or inlormatioo.) Led by Miliam losupovici, 534'(}255 
and Rob Mashlnan. 534-0252. Call ~ob or Miriam fO/ a pre-group 
appan1llleni before coming 10 llie group. 

Thursdays 
• Adu~ Children 01 Alcohofics ~dvanced Thelapy Group: 2:15· 
3:30p.m. 242SSB. This is a llierapy goorp 101 sludents who have 
grown up in a family with alcohot abuse and wanllo work ttvough 
personal ISSUes. Prior !OOviduallherapy 01 group therapy is recom· 
mended. Led by Jeanne Manese, 534·3035. CaH Jeanne lor a pIe· 
group appan1llleni belore comilg 10 the group. 

, GayiBiselual Men's Group. Meets every Thursday aI7p.m. al 
the Intemabonal CenlerConierence Room. For more info. call 

534·3755. 
Fridays 

• Whal's Love Gol to do With k? 12:00-1 :3Opm, 
242 SSB. Do any oilliese quesoons sound lamil· 

Iar? WIry is rt so hard lor me to gel lnlo a rela· 
tion~? Am I gellrng 100 inv~ 100 quickly? 
Why is ~ so hard to trusl himh'er1 Am I re-
peating iheosame destructive panerns In a 

relalionsh~ again? T)8se and many other 
lopics are discussed 10 this coed group for 
grads and undergrads. Led by Linda 
Young, 534·3987. Siudents should call 
Linda 10 slQn up. 
, Asian-American Forum: 
'~~~~~~~:_~:~S~~I~a~~:.~,~, 510 I aop-in group is de-

signed to address IIie concerns of AsiaII' 
PacHic Islander sludents al UCSO in a 
supportIve and problem·solvlng alma· 
sphere. Issues such as caleer and aca· 

.demi; success. family presSUIes. cuhural 
identity. and relahonsil(ls are possible lopiCS, 

Feel free 10 bring your lunchl Led by Jeanne 
Manese. 534·3035. and John Wu. 534· t579. 
, BerNvemenl Group: 2:00-3:30 p.m., 242 S0-
cial Sciences Bldg. This group is designed lor slu· 
dents \\flO have experienced the dealli of someone 
s'!1'iOCant Thlough a combination of education, dis· 
CUSSIOll. and artwork, members lild support while 
moving 1tU'00gh bereavement. Led by Nancy Wahhg, 
534·5905. 

Substance Abuse Support Group:24pm, Ha" Dome 
Lounge, MUll Co8ege. If you ""elhave ever asked you,self. ' 00 I 
have a problem With ...... .?', Ihen perhaps you are ready 10 
explore the response. Led by Dan Munoz, 534-0251 . 
, Campus Bleck Forum: 4:JO.6pm .. Cross Cu"ural Center, 5tO 
UCtr, Campus Black FOIum is an inlormal gathenng where we in-
vite open diSCUSSIOn and exchange ideas. questrons, and coo· 
cerns on any lopic relevant to the lives and experiences of people 

01 A~ican descent. Is IS a place lor us 10 COllllOCI with oilier slu· 
dents. (glad and undergradl staff and laculty at UCSO in a casual, 
sl.lJPOlbve. communly atmosphere. Led by Linda Yoong,534-3987. 

lecture 
Wednesday, November 4 

• The African and African·American Studies Research Project 
stallS KS sanes on the Black Wesl willi a colloquium entitled 'The 
Black Western During llie Silent Era. t912·1948', by John Ander· 
son, Department 01 History (USC). h wil be held in the Media Cen· . 
ler. Communi;alion Bldg. Room 201 and is ~ee 01 charge. t2:3O 
p.m. 
'Plrenting Guidelines" with Dr_ Martin Stein, protes5Ol of pedi. 

a~lCs, and an expert in children's developmenl was the main con-
sullanllo Dr. Benjamin Speck 011 the 711i edition of Baby and Chid 
Care. Held at the Women's Center, 407. 

Thursdly, November 5 
o "The, Ire Men Not Dogs": REsilll".. .... REturn, Orfllllll.ltian, 
lind nrpi,*o SelIIfe,1911·1941. The Center for Ile S\J<ti of Race 
and EttY1icity andihe Efric Studies Department at ucsO present 
U.C.1rvine ProfessaOOlolhyFujita-Rllny.lnroom I03SSBal noon. 

events + 
recreation 

Tuesday, November 3 
, "Kiss or Kill" A WIndow into the life of cold-blooded ~efS NikId 
and AI 'Irf1o get caught up in a scandal of a local business. Murdel, 
love scenes and pu,e evl fill the plot with tulns and twists in this 
~11y Auslralian film noi. PC Theater. 7pm & IOpm. All showings 

TundIy, No",""" 3· ThurJUy, Novamber 5 

lege. 7 pm. RII1\IC. 

, ' Arctic AWI~" WHIt'. Come join 
CalPIRG on Library Walk ~om Ilam·3pm 
daiy and sign postealils, play games and 
wi! prizes an 10 h~ preserve the Alaskan 
Wilderness. 

Wtdnndly, Norembtr4 
, F,ee concert featuring: Skin & Bones. 
Noon 0 PIICe Cenler. 
o Women's Volleybal vs. Westmont Col-

Thursd6y, November 5 
, "The T,uman Show" Truman Burbank IS the most famous lace 
oIl teIIev~ioo and he doesn'l even know It. This unWlIli1g star of a 
non-stop 24 haul documenlary eventually learns lliat everyone he 
has ever known are actors. PC Thealer. 7pm & 1 Opm. All showings 
$2. 

Saturday, Novtmber 7 
'Pub Show featuring: Wank, Opening: Polyanna. &pm al the 
stage (beOOd Porter's Pool. Students: $5 (advance)l$l (althe door) 
General: $7 (advance) 1$9 (aillie door). Porter's PIAl Wli be open 
10 serve IOO<Vdronks. 
, The ~siln and Pacific Islander Student All iance (~PSA) wil 
be hos ng 'Relativity' hs 411i anooat talent show and dance. The 
event ~In be held al Pnce Center ~om 630 p.m. fa la m TICkets 
are $5 pre-sale, $8.00 at the door. 

Ongoing 
, MlSquerede BIll Is coming! CrrcIe K's brggest event wI be held 
allnn $ules H018I BaIJoa Park Resort· M/SSissW Ballroom. TICk· 
ets al Box Offic· $13 befOle 1(w19. $18 aner. Costume/seml·lormal: 
Sa 10/318pm·12am.FornlocaI89fl.6216. 

o 
w 
.. 

! 
~ 

Monday, November 2. 1998 The UCSD Guardian OPINION 9 

PARKING SLIPS Governor Senator Propositions 
Editor: 

In her article " PSydlO 
Therapy" (Guardian, O Cl. 19, 
1998). Mary Higgins brought 
up a very important point: 
parking keeps getting worse 
for UCSD undergrads and 
nothing is being done about it. 
Instead of relating my sob 
parking story, here's what I 
think fh e rea l problem is: 
Associated Students doesn 'l 
do anything about the prob-
lem. 

The Associated Siudents is 
supposed lO represe nt Ihe 
interests of students, and be 
our link to the administration. 
However, I wonder if the top 
executives can even re late to 
the common student 's parking 
woes. 

When I heard that the pres-
ident and vice presidents each 
get a FREE UPGRADE TO A 
RED PERMIT, I was out-
raged! 

No wonder parking always 
conveniently slips off the A.S. 
agenda. As long as Joe 
Leventhal and the vice presi-

Mexico 
Australia 

Serving UCSD For 
Over 30 Years 

-CAMERAS 
-LENSES 

-CAMCORDERS 
-BINOCULARS 
'DARKROOM 

SUPPLIES 

459·7355 
7720 Fay Ave, La Jolla CA 
www.bobdaviscamera.com 

HC)B 
DAVIS 

(~A ~I I~ I~r\ 

Lettars t~~ Editor 
The Guardian welcomes letters 
from its readers. All letters 
must be no lor.ger than three 
pages, typed, double-spaced 
and signed. Letters must also 
con tam a phone number. We 
reserve the right to edit for 
length and clarity. Letters may 
be dropped off at the Guardian 
office on the second floor of 
the Old Student Center. Send 
all letters to: 

The Guardian 
Opinion Editor 

9500 Gilman Dr. 0316 
La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 

Fax: (619) 534·7691 
e·mail: guardian@ucsd.edu 

denls don' t rock the boat 100 
much, they ' ll get to keep their 
red pern1its. 

Bruce I. Trotlevki 

Continued from page 4 
crime prevention . Also on his 
agenda is economic growth and 
California's water supply dilem-
ma. 

On Davis' platform is the envi-
ronmenl , a ban on assault weapons 
and support of a woman's right to 
choose. Lungren, who is pro-life, 
differs with Davis in the abortion 
debate. The two candidates, bolh 
deeply entrenched in California's 
government. are probably very 
familiar with the bureaucratic polit-
ical machine. Both are also trying, 
in thi s electi on, to portray them-
selves as moderate. Davis is more 
successful, using his experience 
working with Republican Gov. Pete 
Wilson to his advanlage, while 
Lungren cannot hide well hi s right-
wing views. 

With California better posi-
t ioned than it has been in recent 
years, the GLlardiall supports cur-
rent Califomia legis lalors. Davis, 
who has worked for us as lieutenant 
governor, better represents the 
diversi ty and views of Califomians 
and shou ld be allowed to slep up to 
the gubernalori al plate with his edu-
calional goals and experience . 

Continued from page 4 
Washington. The national defense 
issue has been conjured up by Fong, 
an Air Force lieutenant colonel, 
who is for beefing up our virtually 
nonexistent missile defense pro-
gram. Fong also supports an over-
haul of the IRS tax code. 

Boxer supports an adequale 
military but nol Star Wars missile 
defense syslems. She find s rault 
wilh Ihe tax code, but not enough 
to scrap it altogether. She also sup-
ports a woman 's ri ght to choose 
whelher to continue a pregnancy 
or not. On issues such as thi s, 
Fong strongly opposes Boxer. 
Fong has also made monetary con-
tribulions to privale organization 
looking to prevent same-sex mar-
riages. 

This reminds voters thai one of 
these candidal es will represent 

aliforni a at the national level. 
Boxer, wi th an animated personali -
ty con~cntrated on environll1elllal 

i ssuc~ , wumen's rights and educa-
tion, uutweighs the bland, quiet 
Fong wi th decade-old ideas about 
dcfen~e and handguns. Boxer has 
been and wi II be a beller represen-
tali ve for our stale. 

Continued from page 7 
funding to go to schools (only 5 
percent of funds in this bill go 
directly to schools). They say that 
it tramples on the rights and free -
doms of individuals and unfairly 
di criminates against the poor. 
who buy the most cigarelles. The 
programs that the majority of the 
money will go to arc also unspeci-
fied and mayor may not produce 
the resu lts touted by the ,)ropo-
nems. Opponents also stated that 
the notion that increasing the 
prices or tobacco products will dis-
courage their use among teens or 
adulls is incorrect. The Guardiall 
urges you to vote NO on 
Proposition 10. 

wI their hit single "FORGIVEN" 

• 8pm.Saturday 
November .7th 

(behind Porter's Pub) 
Porter's Pub OPEN to serve drinks & food 

Students: $5 advance / $7 at the door 
General: $7 advance / $9 at the door 
Buy tickets @ the Box Office or TicketMaster Outlets 

~~ 
Associated Students UC San Diego 

• 



Monday, November 2, 1998 

ARENA 
Should parents be told 
about underage drinking? 
Interviews and 
Photography by Estella Villacorta 

"The only time a student's 
parent should be contacted 
is if it is a repeat offense. 
The first time they should 
get a warning, but if it 
happens more than once 
then definitely let the 
parents know what's going 
on," 

"At 18 you are considered 
an adult regardless if the 
drinking age is 21 or nol. 
You are responsible enough 
to vote so you are 
responsible enough to make 
your own decisions without 
your parents supervi ion so 
they should not be notified 
when you decide to drink," 

Kiva Sliver 
Roosevelt Senior 

"They' re legal adults and 
that is what the definition 
of a legal adult [is] -
taking care of yourself. 
And if you ' re caught with 
alcohol it's your own 
problem and your own 
responsibility to take care 
of, not their . . " 

''I'm on both sides, For me 
I'm still under the care of 
my parents so if something 
happened to me, good or 
bad, I would like them to 
know, But for other people 
at 18, they are on their 
own ,o it should be up to 
them to decide," 

T::lmika Cole-Smith 
Marshall Freshman 

Dawn Bryant 
Warren Freshman 

"Probably not contact their 
parents but at least take 
some legal action and 
punish them by law," 

..... 'roun. 
Revelle Sophomore 

The UCSD Guardian FEATURES 10 

CROSSWORD By Ed Volle 

,\cr_ 
1 Pope who negotiated with Attila 
6 Facing 
14 Twin city 
20 Arum family plant 
21 Laundry detergent additive 
22 Baby's berth 
23 Feature of a Chinese jacket 
25 Put in new padding 
26 Like an epee 
27 Breach of secrecy 
28 Sling more mud 
29 Actor Curry 
30 Japanese electronics giant 
31 Hive builder 
32 Yours and mine 
33 Mantle's teammate 
36 Platform in a theater 
38 Programming langua~e 
40 "Roll over Beethoven singer 
42 Actress Ryan 
43 City, Florida 
47 Trucker 's perch 
48 Neighbor of Israel 
49 Tropical plant with brilliant flow-

ers 
51 Sailor's call 
52 Ham radio operator 
54 Human seat 
55 Make by putting parts together 
57 "Sorn Free" lioness 
58 Mai. cocktail 
60 Artistic conservative 
62 2nd smallest state 
63 180 degrees longitude, roughly 

G R A BE) 
GUARDIAN 
Central CamDUS 

AP5M '. Bursar's Of"ct 
Canyon Vista • Center Hall 
Club Med • Geisel Library 

General Store • Groye Caffe 
HSS Lecture Halls 

Marshall Deanls Office 
Med School Library 

M .a,M, • Pepper (anyon Apts, 
Peterson Hall • Porter 's Pub 
Price (enter • Rathskeller 

Registrar's Office 
Revelle Sundry Store 

Solis Hall • Tioga/Tenaya Halls 
Warren Lecture Halls 

York Hall • Undergrad Library 
Unive rs ity Bookstore 

USE Credit Union 

. Outer Campus 
RIMAC • UNEX 

SuperComputer Center 
Institute of the Americas 
Gilman Drive Info Booth 

Torrey Pines (enter 
North T.P. Info Booth 

SIO Library • Snackropol is, SIO 
Niremberg Hall, SIO 
Thorton Hospital , H 

Early (hildhood Education (ntr. 

GUARDIAN 

69 Above poetically 
70 Bricklayers 
71 Have lunch 
72 Small combo 
74 In an unkempt manner 
75 Our sun 
77 Avant·garde art movement 
81 Keep from happening 
83 Girder substance 
84 Soup servings 
86 Actor Brynner 
87 "Calendar Girl " Singer 
89 "Another 48 " 
90 Do some yard maintenance 
92 Snacks 
94 Thwarts 
95 Rene of -Get Shorty" 
96 Pedantic person 
99 Bro 's sib 
100 Father 
101 Charged particle 
102 Failed to carry out a promise 
104 Wind blast 
105 Some desks 
110 Codger 
111 Experiencing fame 
113 As if this _ enough '" 
114 Infrequency 
115 Chilling 
116 Wasp wounds 
117 Shatner show 
118 Frock 
Down 
1 Identical 

Solutions on page 9 

2 Abbr. on folk music lyrics 
3 Extensive 
4 like very clear memories 
5 Harem members 
6 Medical suffix 
7 Soprano lily _ 
8 New G.I. 
9 Medical study of the ear 
10 Greek goddess of the moon 
11 Dentallilling 
12 Tropical wood 
13 Slip up 
14 Sound of locked breaks 
15 Very French 
16 Soap choice 
17 Nice goodbye? 
18 Of an arm bone 
19 Lascivious looks 
24 Dreamer's leners 
28 Occupant: abbr. 
30 Poet Teasdale 
31 Author of "National Velvet" 
33 Roman 1300 
34 Melville's captain 
35 Midway mark? 
36 Medical fluids 
37 Stumble 
38 Correspondents 
39 Letters on cars 
41 Writers' credits 
42 Of the breasts 
44 Nita , the old·time actress 
45 Ruhr Valley city 
46 Hackneyed 
49 Ivy League school 
50 Largest land mass 
53 66 or AlA, e.g. 
55 Body lice 
56 Actress Getty 
59 Javel in's path 
60 Successful searchers 
61 Pekoe or oolong 
63 Minute amounts 
64 Pluck 
65 Tested or tasted 
66 Iowa college town 
67 Grows choppers 
68 Inc. in the Britain 
73 Protestant Irishmen 
75 Spirit 
76 Has the title 
78 Nautical assents 
79 Club fees 
80 Besides 
82 Ring decision: abbr. 
84 French cheese 
85 Moseyed 
88 Concurs 
90 Omen 
91 Even more puny 
93 Covered up 
94 "Star Wars" star 
96 Ship fronts 
97 Find a new tenant 
98 Madagascar primate 
100 Kama _ 
101 French island 
103 Band of hoods 
104 Now·see·um 
105 Upslope 
106 City on the Irtysh 
107 Hideous creature 
108 Greek letters 
109 Marie and Therese, e.g. 
111 Tax grp. 
112 CeltiC Neptune 

PACIFICEIBELL. 
PRESENTS 

A SPECIAL ADVANCE 

8:00 PM 

Mandeville Auditorium 

_lflii 

Up Free Passes 
Noon Day of Show at 

the Price Center Box Office 
~-8tJ 

University Events Office 

• 

II FEATURES The UCSD Guardian Monday, November t 1998 

PSYCHO THERAPY 
UCSD 's psychotherapist responds to cheers and jeers .from readers 

MARY HIGGINS 
Senior .'-,'tajl Writer 

Dear Readers: As we trudge into 
the sccond half of fall quarter. I 
wunt to gi ve you a hin t of what you 
can expect from my co lumn in the 
future. 

Currently I'm working on a 
piece entitled, ''The Seven Myster-
ies or UCSD." My research will 
take me inside the underground 
tunnels on campus and out to those 
bizarre ''X-Fi les'' buildings just 
east of Warren College . Hopefull y, 
J will also obtain an interview with 
a real, live physicist. I know you ' ve 
never seen ont! in broad day li ght, 
but I have evidence they ex ist. 

If you have any questions about 
UCSD that you would like 
answered ( for examp le, why dOl!s 
TESS shut duwn at night and on 

holidays when "she" is just a com-
puter and not an actua l li vi ng pcr-
son), then e-mail them to me as 
soon as possible . 

I'll keep you posted . 
Meanwhile, I want to thank 

tho 'e of you who have sent me e· 
mail. I especia ll y like to get lellers 
that include the words " brilliant " 
and "ta lented" rather than "lamc" 
or "pathetic." 

I alln to please. A las, not cvery-
one is a fan . 

For cxample, one reader -
we' ll call him Adam - wrote that 
my column normally "sucks" and 
describcd Psycho Therapy as "u 
vain allcmpt to till up the spa~e ." 

I think what Adam tried to tell 
me is that jokcs about naked mcn 
and psychotic hairstylist s are nei-
ther WillY nor profound. 

I'll he the first one 10 admit 
Adam has a point , although I think 
hi s use of the phrase "vain allempt" 
inaccurately implies that I alll 
pUlling a lot of elTort into thi s. 

On a kinder note, Adam also 
wrote that my most recent co lumn 
on fricndship was "vel y moving 
and very we ll wrillen ." 

11 just goes to show that belllg 
honest and sharing your rceli ngs 
can make a hig difference in olher 
people's lives. For exam pic, when 
Adam exp lained how he kit m 
writing sucked, I plunged into a 
deep depression hut when he 
rraiscd Ille I was tilled with pride. 

Seriou~ly, I did aprreciate 
Adam's c mmt!nlS and it made me 
wonder if I shou ld he writing 
" meaningful" co lumns Illore orten . 
But then I rememhcred why I 
nagged last year 's cditors to give 
me a w lumn in the lirst rlacc. I gOt 
tired of re<lding ahout fcc hikc~ and 
abortion. I got sick of pcopit: bick-
ering about evolution. As mlu;h as 
we wou ld like to deny it, there is a 
rcason why people rw,h to grah a 
copy of The Koala when it 's puh-

li ~ hed every other hlue 1I100n. 
We need to loosen up. The ~tu ­

dents on our campus arc way too 
uptight. This i~ why our s~hool has 
such a large population or ,o~ lally 
inept jerk" ,uch as the Jac~a~~ who 
tried to steal my I fiend \ PJr~ i ng 
space the other da and then called 
her a '\tup id hitch ." 

To 'lllll up, I think Ihere i\ 

already enough to be serious ahout 
at UCSD. Thi~ I why I make fun 
of our ,chool ' wi th stupid joke, 
ahout I' ur-colored hal lpoint pens 
and pocket -rro tcctOfs. Some rco-
pic think it's funny. ome peor le 
don ·t. The truth is thut I love UCSD 
and I actually gi Ve u damn ahoUl 
you guys. So I try to make you 
laugh any wa) that I can, 

How's that for senlimental " 
As for those of you out thcre who 

think r m going to get all tcat)'-eyed 
lIke thi s every week, don't hold your 
breath . I f you want to sec warm-and-
fUllY thcn go rent " Beaches." 

So let 's move on to more pre~~­
ing issucs, su 'h as the " Lellcr of 
the Week," suhmillcd by Ipeus P. 
Freely of the UC D Men's Water 
Polo team. 

" Dear Mary, wh i~ Ps cho 
Therary only ahout womcn'! I 
think it 's scxual discriminatiun. I 

kno~\ many gu ~ who can get in 
touch with their inner ~c l ve~. " 

Yeah right. I can ju~t ricture 
Coach Harrer 's boys ~ipping 

e~Jlress() in a coffee shop and '·shar-
ing their emlllion~ . " 

Harper: So how dId you guys 

feel after that USC game? 
Polo boys: We hate SCI We 

want to kick their buw. 1 The refer-
ees need to die I 

Harper: I sense that we arc 
repressi ng deep angst. t_et's talk 
ahout your childhood .. .. 

I asked Warren frcshma'1 Wolf-
gang Von Trapp what he thought 
ahout gelling in louch with hi, 
inner se lf. He replied: 

" It 's not very producti ve . Usual-
ly you j ust comc out more confused 
Ihan when you started so maybe it 's 
somelhing better left alone," 

This is not 10 say that all guys 
have the sensitivity of u block of 
wood . Scveral of my closest friends 
hapren to be high ly emotional 
men. I was hop ing to add thei r per-
specti ve to th is column, but they 
were all on a M en's "Togetherness" 
Retreat in Rosarito thi s weekend 
and were unavail~lblc for cumment. 

So let's hcar it, mcn. I want you to 
tell me your side of the story or cI,e 
Freely wi II hrand me forever as ami-
male. Arc you tired of heing stereo-
typed as an insensitive dod? E-mai l 
l11e >lxm at IIIlti~~ill.l'C$Ptlc,\d. t'dll a'nJ 
let IIlC know what 's up. 

THE EDITOR'S SOAPBOX 
A little hit qf computer knowledge can be dangerous 

JOHN BARBER 
Graphics Editor 

You can li ve in fear of cornrut-
cr '. You can gct hy wi thout them, 
but if you do , you' ll miss ou t on all 
the benelits computers prOVIde. 

When they work . 
Any fears ahout computers were 

put aside six months ago when I got 
one. I say "fear," hut that 's not really 
accurate. I usc computer> at the 
Guardian, and was familt ar with 
PhotoShop and page layout pro-
grams. Outside of this. though, I was 

c1uele~~. 
Thi, lillie hit of knowledge would 

eventu ally cause Illy downfall. 
My wmputer was dOIng linc 

until I moved in with ,OI11C fri end~ 

and we bought a cab le modcm 
from a company called @way. 

To hook thi s up between our 
computers, I need an ethernet card . 
I huy the cheapest one ever made. 

I plug thc ca rd in, run the instal-
lation son ware and hit my first 
~tumbling block. It doesn't install. 
"Ah," I think , " I 'm running 
Micro.Systems' DrawersYK as an 
operating system. I'll need new son-
ware- the card probahly only came 
With the son ware for Drawer,95." 

I usc my roommatc '~ compuler 
to download new ~o lt ware. I n~tall 
II. othlllg. 

Maybc it 's Drawersl)X. I unttl-
stall it and go back to uSlIlg Y5 . 

Ohviously, gelling rid or Draw-
ersY8 d()e~ n ' t help. This hecome ... 
clear when I switch tactics and take 
out the modcm; with a cah le modem, 
the computer doesn 't need a regu lar 
modcm, so maybe having one i., 
confu,ing the electronic hea,t. 

The modem come, out .:a,ily in a 
physical ,ensc, but the computer still 
ha, emotional ti.:, - four 01 li ve 

r---------------------· I 

$50FA 
COLOR CALENDAR 

Bring this coupon to the ~inko's listed 
betow and receive S5 off a Deluxe 
12-month Flip Calendar. 

8849 Villa La Jolla Dr., La Jolla 457-3775 
Otffl ~od on Ottu. JZ-monttl flip ulend.ilr only. Offrr is limited l~ OAf (ollpon Pfl ,(uUo~r. Coupon !lust be 
pmfnttd ilt Ume of pun:h.se and is not ~dld with orMr offl!fi or dluounh. Offt' 'I'.tid d Ume of Plilchut only 
".:I N~ not be cfi$Counttd 01 cl'9dlltd towud put 01 futljff purrh. Sft. Offtr ".!MIlt p.mcip.tiog Kinko's kK.lIons 
only. Offtf opifft 12fJ1J91. () t"l Kinl(o'i, Inc. All "ghU rturv~. lmm'l h (I r'CJbtereti trlde""II. of Kinta', 
VtlYtUIts, (nc:. ud Is us.td by ptrml"ion. Kil"lo', requirts wotten pt'fflinion from the copyright boldt, in ordtr la ~="f COPY~:; ;~'~:~rs I Ask about free pickup and delivery I EXP 12131/111 

----_ .. _------------

separate modcm driver program,. I 
Iry to delcte them, but the newly 
reinstalled Micro .Systems OS won' t 
let me delete anything anymore. It 
wa, time to call Tech Suppon . 

First r ~a ll the manura~turer, of 
the ethemet card . They tell me to call 
the manufacturers or my computer. I 
call thcm . They won'l help me 
because I'm Irying to in,tall a prod-
uct that they didn ' t manura~tlJre. 

There's only one place Icft to 
~a ll , and that"~ the evi l empir.:: of 
computing, Micro.Sy,tc lm . I call 
and exp lain the situation to Ihe guy. 

"I s your computer turned 011 " " 
ask, the guy. 

" Wh at" Ye\ , 0 1 COllf>C II I' ." 
" Do you have the ethernet cahle 

plugged in"" 
"Yes l " 
"And you have rower running 

10 the comrutcr" It 's turned on'/" 
"Yes, ycs." 
" Have you hackdo(}fed the JK2 

Irtlink hulk r and downriarred tlte 
, y,tem HT Interrupt '!" 

" Wha " '" 

for Ihe Thursday 
Coupon Page every week 
in the Guordian . It's the "Go 
To" source for g reat bargains 
on both necessities and 
frivolities : FOOD, CLOTHES, 
COPIES, CDs, BOOKS, GOOD 
TIMES, and MUCH MORE! 

GUaRDIAN 
ADVERTISERS 

CALL 534-3466 
fax 534-7691 

The guy pau se~ for a minule, 
rroccssing the whole d.:a l, figuring 
out what kind of a person he's talk -
Ing 10. Then he comes back Wilh : " I 
think your outlcl is dirty. Lick your 
lingcr and ~tick it ill Ihc socket." 

"As~holc . " 
Click. 
Regrouping time; four nighls of 

insane dnnktng. You don ' t necd to 
hear ahout It. 

Eventually I attack the computer 
again . only thi, time with reinforce-
ments: Dav.:, the cOl11ruter guy for 
the Gill/rdiall and hi, friend Scan. 
They know stu ll' ahout Cl)l11rut e r~ . 

I ~pelld th.: nexl SIX hours on Illy 
hed wi th Illy head III Illy hand, li s-
tening to " Why is it doing that" ", 
"That ', not rossib le" , "Oh, that 's 
had" , "Thi, can' t h' harpening" 
and " What 's a 'tape detector' and 
why do you have three of them'!" 

We collle oul with what ', tech-
nIcally a rretty low kill ratio- tin: 
computer \ , till not connectcd to 
the Internet. everthelc" , rrogn:,s 
Wi!, made. J)rawer,YR was rein -

stalled so thc operating systcm is 
actually opcrating the system. Plus, 
I know what's wrong with the cth-
ernet card: it doesn' t work . 

I go and-huy another one. Atthi s 
poi nt I don ' l ca re what I have to 
pay, or even if I get onl ine- I j ust 
want thiS ordea l to end. 

At this point 111 my li li.:, I 'm not 
going out in order to work on my 
computer. The only thing ~eparat ­
ing me from a total computer nerd 
is my la~ k of success. 

I hook up Ihe new ethernct card 
ilnd its software. I try to load the 
«Vway software, hUI I guess I necd 
a new IP address. Whatever that 
mcans. Well , it mcans another tech 
surport call , which yields mc the 
following: in order 10 get a new IP 
address. wh ich wi ll allow me to go 
onlinc, I have to go online to the 
@way website. 

The mora l of thi s story" h a lit -
tle b it of knowlcdge dangerous'! 

Who cares') The III or;: I is this: 
you can li ve in fear of C;o l1lputcr" 
hut the tri ck is not dying thcre. 

----------

Want to escape those winter blues? 
</..~e.. h(k.~ts. <71'~e..( e..clv~(~ , Nl(~ ~o (~ . 

PARIS $398 
LONDON $382 

AUSTRALIA $909 
CLUB MED 7nights all inclusive $799 

*CARNIVAl CRUISE-SPRING BREAK 4 days all indusive $184 
*SKI HOPFGARTEN $62 per day ~ 

Fares are RT. Do not include taxes. Restrictions apply, 
Are subject to change. 

IlMltlIIiiIIIL!..TJ~ra:...::ve~I __ ---.... _ 
CIEE: Council on International 
Educational Exchange 

.?500 Gilman Drive, 
USCD Price Center Ste.76, La Jolla 

[619]-452-0630 
www.coun c lltrd v rl. co m 

. 

CIJ 
CIJ 

,,... 

u 
ca 
t1l 
-' 

-' 

a 
.., 
t1l 
..J 
-' 

.,... 

u 
C 
:l 
o 
U 



, 

12 CLASSIFIEDS 

• 
l:j ,·.ei: I ~.~ :JII 
*ROUND TRIP COURIER FARESiC 
London $349 Sing $300 Hong Kong $389 
China $360 Sydney $580 Bangkok $370 
~1'~:I'M'l a iI'!!!~' ! il!'fl 
AIR CO URII.R I N I FR NA·1I0N AI. 

1-800-298-1230 24 hr 

co me see cr~w ol f at 
T he Pourho use 

w , h shopping ar Assa SSins 
&- Stdte of M ind 

Th rsda~, 
Novem 6er 5th 

9:00pm 
The Po urho use 

528 F S reet 
(619) 2) 2 7687 

www .cr.:fwo IF6and .com 

Looking for unique, natural HOLI DA Y 
GIFTS? Try Laura's Sweet Bay 
Soaps at Revelle Plaza tomorrow 
through Thurs. (11/2) 

The Episcopal Students Association 
meets every Wednesday from 5:00-
6:30 p.m. in the International Student 
Center Conf erence Roo m for 
communion, Christian dlcusslon , and 
free dinner. Students, faculty , and 
staff welcome. Call 534-6549 for 
information. (11 /2) 

The U SO Guardian 

CLASSIFIEDS 
The UCSD Guard,an reserves Ihe nghl 10 cI. ss, fy . edll. delele ollenslve words and 
phrases. andlor rei use any and all advenisemenl5 Wllhoul p"or nOI,hcallon The Adverllser 
Will not hold the Guard,an "able lor any claims resuiling from Ihe pub"callon 01 Ihe 
advert isement The publisher w,II also not be held accounlable for any claim from an 
agreement made belween the adverllser and the consumer 
Copy should be rev,ewed by Ihe advert,ser lor errors. In order 10 be correcled,n lhe 119 .. 
regular Issue. all errors must be reported by Ihp. correspond,ng deadline Credit w ,1I only 
be given lor the IncorreCI portion olthe adverll sement There a,e no refunds forcancella t,ons 
Please send all correspondence regarding Classifieds to : 
UCSo Guardian, Attn: Classlf leds, 9500 Gllma~ Drive ~0316 , La Jolla, CA 92093. 
Acluallocalion: Sludent Center A, Room 217. 

NEW SINGLES 
MINISTRY! 

Come to our first informol 
get-together 

Saturday, Nov. 7th 
at 2:30 p.m. 

The First Baptist Church 
of San Diego 

5055 Governor Drive 
Iby 1-805 in Universi ty City) 

Please coli Firsl Baptist 
at 457-4827 or email 

Chris Hearn: chrish@cori.net for 
more information. 

EMPLOYMENT 
Cruise & Land-Tour Employment-
Excellent earn ings & benef its 
potential. World Travel (Hawaii , 
Mexico, Caribbean). Ask us how! 
517 -336-4228 ext. C59761 . (9/28-
11 /2) 

IDENTIFY YOUR CAREER 
IN LIFE SCIENCE & HEALTH 
Mon. Nov. 2, 2:30-4pm 
Learn vllallocts about speCi llc 
occupolrons In life sCience ond 
determine what Jobs are 0 good 

mOlch lor you 
• 

IDENTIFY YOUR CAREER 
IN HUMAN RESOURCES 
Tues. Nov. 3, 2:30-4pm 

Leorn about coree,s In law, 
educotlon, human resources, 

social selVIces and other I,elds 

CAREER SERVICES CENTER 
534-3750 

Th1:_., Nov. 5 
Library Walk 

(pC BaJJrm jJ rain) 
More thin 75 schoolsl 

www-csc. csd..dulcsclLawfa.htm 

The Study & Practice DI Law: 
Career ExplDration Panel 

Thurs., 11/ 5 2.30pm 
at the Career Services Center 

~.$IO PER HOUR 
Career Services Cen.ler 
534-3750 www-csc.ucsd.edu 

GUARANTEED + BONUSES 
Flexible hours 
--~ One block from campus 

Part-time hours I Full-time pay 
Casual working atmostphere 

WOULD YOU LIKE TO BE A 

MEN-Ages 18-24 , any race, for nude 
modeling . Call Anthony (619) 584-
2243 for interview (10/12- 11 /2) 

Classified Line 
Ad Rates 

Students: $3 per 20 words 
Faculty & Staff: $4 per 20 words 

All others: $5 per 20 words 
Advance paymem IS required 

Classified Display 
Ad Rates 

59.00 per column inch 
Deadlines: 

Publi<lI,on 0.1. Display Ads Line Ads 
Monday Noon Thurs. 3 pm Thurs. 
Thursday Noon Mon. 3 pm Mon. 

o 
StUDENt WORKS 

PAINtiNG 

Paid Management 
Internship 

Student Works Pointing, a subsidary 
of Notional Services Group is now 
hiring for Spring/Summer 1999. 
Duties include interviewing, hiring, 
development of cuslomer relations, 
control of marketing and sales, & 

production management. 

Babys itter needed FT/PT for 5 yr. old 
boy and bab y girl. Flexib le/ 
references/expo SCrippS Ranch Area. 
271 -7646 Lisa. (10/22-1112) 

Learn Bartending 
Bcrtenc5ng Academy 

M,*e f~-time ~S for pll'l-tine "orIt 
SI!ort (0Inf~ job ploctmall Qllutcnce 

1.11 
FINANCIAL CONSUL TANT- Full/ 
Part Time positions available. All 
welcome. Economics/Management 
SCience Majors a plus Earnings over 
100.000/year. Call 682-4540. (10/ 
26- 11 /5) 
NEED MONEY? CAPE is hinng 
runners for Fall quarter. Pay is $7 .001 
hr. plus worker Incen tives . Call 

Hours 
irion. fri & Saf 

90m · 6pm; 
luel. Wed. & lhurl. 

90m · Spm; STUDENT REGENT? For oppoinlment coli Reloil Only: Sun t I·S 
Help establish policy in areas such as 
personnel , campus development, stUdent 
fees , admissions, and financial aid. 

~ All University fees and tuition are waived for 
the Student Regent during the academic 
year in which you serve. 

Application due in Chancellor's office 
12 Noon, Nov. 13, 1998 

Appl ications available all over campus_ For more 
information contact the Associated Students offices: 

534-4451 
www.ucop.edu/regents 

457·3334 
Il,'~ I \ "I" L" Jvlla /)' ", • LIIJoiftl V"luw< C"nl<1 

.'Ie", \'(fh" k Food.. & Qt'-On 

dNb ~ OPEN 24 HOURS 
Costa Verde Shopping Center. 8650 Genesee Ave .. #200 · Lo Jolia/UTC • 457 -9500 

1400 Cornlno de 10 Rono • Mrss,on Volley. 297-5900 

Monday, November 2, 199M 

Jeremy at 534-2668. ( 10/29~/5) 

Hold Everything IS now hiring! Flexible 
schedule. Generous discount. Fun 
place to work! Apply at UTC. Ph. 
(619) 554-1240. ( 10/29 - 11 /~ 

MOSSIMO INC. 
CAMPUS REPRESENTATIVE 

INTERNSHIP 
seeking young male and female 

to launch coliege campaign 
Earn Khool credil, morkehng ,k,II" rflUme 

expe"ence, and more Importon~y, free dolhe, 
personal benefil5 too fang to list ... 

in trigued? 
e'moil iustint@mossimo.(om 

trinaY@mossimo.com 
or lif you're 0 little behind) 949.797,0210 

BabYSitter wanted fo r 2 year old and 
newborn. Flexible hours. 2-3 times 
per week in mornings to early 
afternoons . Bil ingual a plus. Scripps 
Ranch. $8.50/hour 549- 1440. (10/ 
29-11/2) 
S7.00/HR. Great part-time job, M-F 
15-25 hrs/wk. We'll work with your 
schedule. Contact: Will iam 61 9-457-
4909. (10/29-11 /2) 

INTERVIEWERS $7/HR 
Join the interesting world of marketing 

research, conduct,ng telephone 
surveys and opinion polls. 

WE TRAIN NO SALES 
25 wpm TYPING (we test) 

AM & PM shiMs' 7 days a week' FT or PT 
Appl, In ~ MONOAY.FRIOAY 9am-4pm pc/son , 
:=:'iiE=: 

~,:~lT~tO~N=!!S~fN~R~E~S~EA~R~C~H$-· 
8593 Aero Drive , San Diego 
Bus 125 Slops here, 1 16 slops nearby 

Kid-Sitter. Professor's kids (13,10,7) 
nee d occasional si tt ing. Seek 
energetic, cheerfu l stu dent with 
experience, own transportation. Call 
481-0362. (10/29- 11 /2) 
Work on Campus! The Price & 
Studen t Centers have lots of lob 
openings that are availa ble 
immediately. Join over 150 other 
students and gain fun & valuable 
experience in the most happening 
centers on campus! Apply at EDNA 
or at Student Center Services. Or our 
website under "Employment" hltp!/ 
theuniversitycente rs. ucsd .e~ (1112) 

Job Interview Suit 
UCSD Guardian 

Display Classifieds 

Part Time Golf Industry. The Better 
Golf Institute has several part time 
jobs with flexib le hours. Downtown 
location . Fast learner with excellent 
computer skills will get solid real-
world bUSiness experience. Full time 
summer jobs may be offe red to 
students available to work next fal l. 
These are not make work dull jobs. 
Ideal candidates are good students, 
personable, resourceful, responSible, 
hard working With a sense of humor. 
Golf and internet interests are a plus. 
E-MAIL Resume and preferred hours 
to : exec@betterg olf .org TODAY!!! 
(11 /2) 

Monday. November 2, 199M 

Jessica McClintock, Inc. is looking 
for part-time keyholder forthe Horton 
Plaza boutique. Experience required. 
Apply with resume. 233-9937 . (11 /2-
12) 
MALE & FEMALE MODELS. Our 
models have worked for Versace, 
Abercrombie & Fitch, Estee Lauder, 
Levi's, Banana Republ ic & more! 
Great pay! Beginner's ok! Call "free" 
for an appointment (24-hours) (800) 
959-9301 . (11 /2-12/3) 

Sublect: STUDENT JOBS 
Job openings for students who 

are available through 1999 
Work with other students to 

reduce the risks associated wi th 
alcohol and violence I 

Develop creative mass media 
projects I 

10 hrs, per week - $6_50 per hour! 
Orientation on Nov. 11, 

5·6pm 
Call Jeanine Watts @ 

Student Health 

534-6033 ....:::::::... 
--<. 

UCSO 

FOR RENT 
La Jolla - $595.00 Large MBR/Furn. 
w/Bal cable Tel. linel Utils. incl./pvt. 
entry. Kitchen Privileges. Non -
smoker/no pets. 619-459-6322. (101 
26-11 /2) 

VV ANT E 0 
Jewish American subj ects 
reimbursed for interview. If you are a 
UCSD student, 21 -25, call 552-8585 
x4185 for more information. (9/22-6/ 
3) 
Volunteers pa id $30 .00 for interview. 
If you are enti rely of Japanese or 
Korean descent, age 21-25, call 552-
8585 x2182. (9/22-12/3) 
Full or Part-Time female care giver 
for Board & Care Facit ity . Must speak 
and write English. No experience 
necessary. Will train . Call 760-751 -
1601 . (10/19-11112) 
Egg Donors Needed! Compassionate 
women from all races wanted by infertile 
hop efu l couples . Ages 21-30. 
Compensation $3,500. Cal l OPTIONS 
(800) 866-9373. (1 1/2-12/3) 

SERVICES 

If you are a healthy female 
between the ages of 19 and 30 

and have health Insurance . 
Compensation $3,500. 

Call Mirna Navas at 

(310) 829·6782 
for more Info . 

WOMEN SUPPORTING WOMEN: 
Explore re lat ionships and gain a 
better understanding of yourself and 
oth ers. Women 's psychotherapy 
support groups forming . IndiVidual 
therapy also offered. Affordable fees. 
Call Kef Richmond, Ph.D. (PSY 
15064) Clinical PsychologiSt. Offices 
and groups In La Jolla and Carlsbad. 
For more informatIOn call (619) 338-
1680. (10/22-12/3) 

SEEKING JEWISH 
EGG DONOR 
Help a loving family grow 

$3,500 
legal. Confidential. 

Dark hair a plus. 
Co li: (619) 982·1789 

THANK YOU 

~~~~~~ 
~ WOMEN ~ 
~ BE AN ANGEL!!! ~ 
~ DONATE EGGS! ~ 
::::: If you are 21-28 years. ::::: 
'V' healthy, brigh t 'V' 
~ and responsible ~ 
~ CALL STEPHANIE @ FFC ~ 
~ 1-800-939·6886 ~ 
~ All national ities needed , ~ 

~ especially As ian ~ 
~ and Indian . ~ 
~ GENEROUS ~ 
~ COMPENSATION! ~ 
~~~~~~ 
SEEKInG EGG DonORS 

If you are between the ages of 
19 - 32 you could be the only hope 

for a loving couple to have the 
child they long for. 

For more Information, 
please call: 

CRE:ATIIJ£ concE:PTIOIl. InC. 
(9li9) Lt88-2868 

• (888) 'i88~GGS 
COMPENSATION $3000-$3500 

PLUS TRAVEL EXPENSES 
BONUS FOR HIGH SATIGPA 

Leadership Seminar: Medical 
School Admissions Seminar on 
1114/98 from 5-7pm in Price Center 
Theatre. To be presented by Michael 
Flynn, Director of Hyperl earn ing. An 
Overv ie w of medica l sch ool 
admission with a focus on the MCAT 
and Vital elements of thiS application 
process. Sponsored by SOLO. For 
more information call 534-0501 . (10/ 
29-11 /2) 
PSYCHOTHERAPY: Ind ividual and 
couples therapy, in a supportive and 
caring environment, to help you deal 
with Personal , Family & School 
Pressures, Relationsh ip Issues, 
Depress ion , Loss , Anx iety , 

The UCSD Guardian 

Pregnancy, Self Esteem, Motivation, 
Career Issues, etc. Laurie Kolt, Ph.D., 
Psychologist (Lic#PSY8556), La Jolla 
456-2005_ (10/29-11/2) 
Leadership Seminar: Time, Speech, 
and Manner on November 3, 1998, 
from 3-4pm in the Price Center 
Gallery B. ls it possible that the exact 
same word s in two different sitautions 
can have different consequences? 
Discuss and explore the thin line 
between an Individual's rights to free 
speech/ assembly & the limitations 
of these rights based on time, place 
and manner. Sponsored by Siudent 
Organ izations and Leade rship 
Opportunities (SOLO). For more 
information cal l 534-0501. (10/29-
11 /2) 

Speedy Research 
Reports : $6.00 per page. 

Over 50,000 topics & clippings. 
Materials for research 
assistance use only! 
6546 l'hlllywlllxl Bl vd 

2",J flUIlr. RM 20l) 
LOl. A II!!cb. CA l)(X)2~ 

1111 /1/\ MOil- I n It) ,0 ,111\ ti Illil 
S.ll tlrd .I~~ II ,1111-4 pili 

Custom Research Availab le 
VlsaIMC/Ame,EK 

Call tDday! 1-800-356-9001 

UCSD Bike Shop. Keep your year in 
Gear. We are the full service bike 
shop on campus in The Student 
Center. Repairs, rentals, bikes for 
sale, lights , tires, tubes, helmets, 
locks, reflectors, patch kits, etc. Open 
Mon -Fri. 10am-5pm. Free 
Estimates. Cali us 534-4279. (11 /2) 

Do you really dig weeds? 
Find someone who needs. 
GUARDIAN Classified 

Display Ads 

DIFFICULTY ADJUSTING to college 
life? Feeling unhappy, overwhelmed, 
or alone? Problems forming Int imate 
relationships? Unsure about yourself 
or your futu re? ConSider Support ive 

CLASSIFIED 13 

Psychotherapy to gain a better million dollars, she plans to pay her 
understanding of yourself , attorneys and then go to Starbucks. 
relationships, and improve the quality 
of your life. Call Scott Boles, Ph.D., 
Clinical Psychologist (PSY 15930), 
La Jolla office. Affordable fees. (619) 
686-0882. (11 /2:5) 

PERSONALS 
FREE PERSONALS!!! During Fall 
Quarter, students may place one 
personal ad of 20 words or less per 
issue. Just drop by the Guardian 
office in the Student Center above 
Soft Reserves and the General Store. 
(9/22-12/3) 

Here's last weekend's NBA scores: 
(11 /2) 

The Christ-like NFL coach Mike Ditka 
evidently feels the moral authority to 
advise quarterback Kerry Collins that 
he needs to find relig ion. Hey Ditka, 
I wouldn't call cussing a dialogue 
with the Lord. (11/2) 

To the girls In Alpha Chi Omega: 
Thank you for being so wa rm .and 
caring to all of us new members. We 
apprec iate your help and love being 
a part of the gang. We look forward to 
growing together and becoming 
closer as the weeks and years go 
bye. We love you! Love always, the 
new girls (11 /2) 

If Paula Jones ever gets her one 

The name of the pumpkin that 
committed suicide by jumping oft the 
top ofTioga Hall last Friday has been 
withheld by police until his next of kin 
can be notified. The deceased was 
kind of a loner, and had been 
depressed rece.0t1y. (11 /2) 
A TIN UCSD: When are you going to 
take advantage of the offer below to 
place you FREE PERSONALS in Ihe 
Guardian? Don't you want to get a 
message to someone or something 
that you love, hate, or question? 
C'mon folks , it's twenty FREE words! 
(11 /2) 

S?~~y.G~~~ 
Overseas Automotive ASUCSD 
15% OFF labor __ ._._ ...... p.3 $5 Concert ................ p.9 
Copy Club Rideshare Operations 
25 FREE copies __ ........ p_12 $FREE Rides to airport ______ p_5 

Young Att itudes Classical Eye 
$5 OFF _ .. __ ••• _ .. _ .... ...... p.12 $89 Contacts ................. p.6 
Council Travel Dr. Linda Lee 
$184 Carnival Cruise ........ p.ll $99 tooth whitening ___ p_7 

Kinko' s La Jolla Brewing Co. 
$5 OFF Calendars ...... p.ll $1 BEERS ............ _ ......... p.7 

7irrn in at 2711 Buardian olliee, upstairs in the Student Center above the General Store 
IlEAl1UNES: 3pm Monday lor a Thursday issue; 3pm Thursday 10l' a Monday issue 



14 SPORTS 

POLO: 
Tritons are very 
close to greatness 
Continued from page 16 
izer (hal lied Ihe malch 8-S. 

" was a huge goa l lor Ihe 
TrilOns, and Ihey slOrmed inlo 
overlimc wilil momen!um . UCSD 
opened Ihe overtime scoring, gel-
ling a goal 10 put il ahead, 9-8. But 
wilh 27 seconds len in Ihe lirst OT 
period , LBS U got a rreak two-point 
goa l that put them ahead for gond, 
11 -9. 

The game was another hearl -
breaker ror Head Coac h Denny 
Harper\ lroops, who by this poi nl 
in the Sc,1son were plenty sick or 
heartbreaki ng losses. 

SalUrday offered another malch 
for UCSD. This game would not be 
ror redemption, a~ the Tritons were 

BUCKET: 
Trip to Orange is 
fun for a] I ages 
Continued from page 16 
were parents anyway. 

Though few, the UCSD fans in 
atlendance were very strong sup-
pOrlers of their team and they were 
pumped up as Ihe game began. 
Unfortunately, right in front of the 
Triton cheering section was an 
enormous light pole. One minute, 
you were watching UCSD take Ihe 
ball down I.he /ie ld and then POLE' 
You couldn 't see anything. I could-
n' t undersland why the light pole 
wasn' t behind the stands like in 
every other sladium in the world. It 
was obvious thai no one al 
Chapman had evet majored in 
engineering. 

Regardless of the struclUral 
impcrfeclions o f the ~ t adium , the 
women 's game was a big succes,. 
The Trilon~ won 2-0, despite being 
pu shed aro llnd hy the hclly 
Panthers. The re i, made some had 
call s In the beginning. hut Ihe 
Trit on fai lhful , including yours 
Irul y. were all over him. I suppose 
he made lip for il by di scounling a 
goa l by Chapman and givi ng 

heavi ly favored lO beal the Banana 
Slugs of UCSc. It was more of out -
let for UCSD to take out its frustra-
tions from the night before. 

So the poor Banana Slugs bore 
Ihe full hrunt of UCSD\ anger. 
gelling drowned. 7- 1. in the lir~ 1 
half. After thaI. CSD crui sed to 
an easy 13-6 win . 

The win was a tea m effort for 
Harper 's squad. As lustin Wylie led 
the scoring wi lh Iwo goa ls, Bryan 
Traverso. Ryan Dandy, Ross 
Mecham and Jacoh Maze lis each 
chipped in wilh one goa l apiece. 

Yesterday's match was heing 
hilled as a showdown helween Ihe 
two lOp teams in Ihe Western Water 
Polo Associ luion . Techni ca lly, il is 
true that UCSD and Air Force arc 
the top two squads in Ihe WWPA. 
Bul to say it was a showdown 
mighl be s trelching it. The Tritons 
were Ihe better team, eas ily topping 

UCSD a goal on a close, bUI correc t 
(;a ll. He did OK. 

The game itself was very excit-
ing and the Tri tons were playing 
well. Unfortunalely for Ihe fans. a 
lillie known ract about Chapman is 
thai Orange is nol affected by glob-
al warming . As soon as the sun went 
down, icicles began forming on the 
pole. The Trilons fans huddled for 
warmlh, while Ihe hap man fans 
got out their polar parkas. I person-
ally cau lht pneumonia . itting on the 

qui~kly freezing blocks of concrcte 
that served as scats, and proceeded 
to , neeze non-stop for much of Ihc 
second h a I r. 

Yel. I could nOI leave. We were 
hen: cheering our mighlY Triton 
women 's soccer juggernaut 10 vic-
lOry. The game ended al around 7 
p.m. Bes ides being freezing , we 
were ex hausled afler all Ihe 
screaming and desperately hungry 
from not eati ng since hreakfasl. 

We vcnlured rO rlh into Orange 
bel ween games and looked for a 
good place 10 ca l. o t waming 10 

~ Iray too far from the campus in 
fear thai we miglll gel losl again, 
we chose an e;(ablishmenl ri ght 
down the road, Omega Burger. 

II wa~ half-fill ed and sli ghtly 
dark. We ordered (;autiously. and 

The UCSD Guardian 

Ihe military boys, 10-4. 
UCSD did nol playas well as il 

cou ld have, as it was a lillie 
fati gued from having two matches 
the last two days . In facl, Air Force 
opened Ihe scoring with a two-
point goal. This goa l jolted the 
Tritons hack inlo focu; and they 
proceeded to shut AFA ou t for Ihe 
next two quarters. The Academy 
didn 't gel another goal until Ihe 
fourth peri od, and hy that time 
UCS D had Ihe game well in hand. 

T he Trilons say Ihey remain 
trustraled allheir inability 10 finish 
011 their UpSCI bid;, but that thcy 
are motivalcd to conlinue to put 
pressure on the nati on's elile teams. 

" We played prelly wel l thi s 
weekend, which is good," seni or 
Andy Silveslri sa id. "If we keep 
playing well , good Ihings will hap-
pen 10 us." 

Hopefully, good things will 

proceeded to pump quarters into 
the ancient vi deo game machine 
unti l our food arrived. Now I'm not 
saying that you guys out Ihere 
should never ea t at Omega Burger, 
but nex t lime I'm in the Orange 
area it won 't be very high on my 
li s\. Let 's just say the hOI chocolate 
ordered 10 warm us up was neither 
chocolatey nor hot. It kept us alive 
for a couple more hours, however, 
and we sloshed Our grease-sal ural -
cd hodies loward the ca r to gel 
back l'or the men's game. 

We gOI back and took our seals 
just a, they were announ cing the 
players . Amazingly enough, Ihe 
men's gamc was even more excil-
ing thai thc women 's match. 

Down 2-D, UCS D scored IWO 
goals in one minute, eleclrifying 
Ihe SO crowd and shutting Ihe 
traps of Ihe slUpid Chapman rral 
hoys that ohviously didn 't under-
Mand Ihe difference bel ween soccer 
and !ahle tenni s. 

ome 10 Ihink of it, most or the 
hapman fan s were dumh. :rhn:e 
~orority girls wandered into our 

~e cti()n and act ual ly asked I11C 
where U SO wa,. 

Before I could an,wcr, one of 
Ihe other girb whi spered to the 
olher " I know where it i\. It ' ~ \o lltil 

Monday, November 2, 1998 

Lisa Huff/ Guardian 
Smokln': UCSD fires another shot on goal against Santa Cruz which 
the Tritons won 13-6 to extend thei r record this season to 14-9. 

happen this weekend when UCS D 
lakes on two more top-ranked 
teams. On Friday. the Tritons will 
Iravello UCLA for a battle wilh the 

and really small and Ihey all prac-
tice on the beac h, which is why 
they 're so had." 

In my lasl co lumn, I joked thai I 
almost hil some girl that asked me 
a stupid questi on about sports, and 
I have received some crilicism for 
thi s statement. I won' t say that 
agai n. No, I' ll just say Ihat I almost 
doused Ihem all with gasoline and 
crcaled a nice lilli e Chapman 
sororil y bonfire 10 keep me warm. 

But I digress . UCSD scored 2 
gual s in one minute and we weill 
bonkers. It wa ' Ihe mosl exei ling 
Ihing I have ever seen at a TrilOn 
game. Righi al the poin! when it 
seemed UCSD's season was com-
ing to a close, Ihe team exploded . 
BANG, BANG , game lied 2-2. 
Incredible. 

Now we were al l on the edge of 
our froLen concrete hlocks and 
wUlchi ng wi th bailed breath . II was 
a classic Di vis ion III hallie, and il 
was ohvious Ihat hoth sides had a 
lot riding on this game. 

Unfor!unately, UCSD had the 
short end of the Slick and gave up 
the game-winning goal in the 75 th 
Illinulc. For the re,t of the game, 
the Tri tons rulled out all the SlOps 
hut Just m uldn 't gel a goal. 

Desp lle Ihe loss, Ihe Irip had 

Bruins. Then on Sunday at noon, 
UCS D wi ll host lasl year's 
National Champion , Pepperdine 
University, at Canyonview Pool. 

been a total success. It was now 9 
p.m. and time for the long journey 
back to UCSD. We almost didn 't 
make it. Somehow, the amazing 
Chapman engineers who put Ihe 
lights in the stadium also desigrcd 
the freeway sys tem . To get to the 5, 
we ended up having to merge on to 
another on-ramp and cross live 
lanes of busy traffic jusl to make it 
to where the freeway spi lt on the 
left side the road. Oh yes, all of thi s 
in about 40 feet. 

Apparen tly no one in Orange 
ever takes the 5 South because thi s 
was damn near impossible. The 
Coach did it though, CUlling ofT 
nine se mi-trucks wilh hi s little 
Civic and catching se rious air off a 
small median righl before il grew 
to become an impassable barri er. 
All of thi s happened before the heal 
in Ihe car cuuld reslore feeling to 
my appendages. The rest of the ride 
home was uneventful. Well , I really 
don 't know wllal happened becau~c 
I promptly fell a,leep. 

All in all. it was a great adven-
ture for us Trilon fan". II wa~ ,0 
much of a ~uccess thai we 're even 
plann ing a Irip to Irvine to see Ihe 
men's water polo tea m play if they 
make the Fi nal Four. This timc 
howcver, I'm bringing my parka. 

Skin Infection 
Research Study 

The institute of (M(R, Inc. is conducting a 
clinical evalua tion of investigational medications 

used in the treatment of 
BRONCHITIS? 
RESEARCH STUDY 

Compensation of up to $120 
if you qualify and complete the study 

.If you meet the following crit ria, you may 
qualify: 

• Mal ar female 72 years or o lder 
• Mild to moderate kin inf4 tion 

Qua lified pdrlicipants will receive 
complim ntary: 

• M eli al eva luation • Meeli ation 
• Diagnostic procedures 

Pneumonia 
If you have the following symptoms, you may 

qualify: 

• Per i t nt ough 
· F v r 

• Production of Sputum 

Qualified participants will receive (at no cost): 
• Physi al Examination 
• M di at ion 

• Labo rato ry Test 
• Transportation 

(if 11 ed d ) 
• Compensation of $200 

Qualifications: 
If you have th e following symptoms, you 

may qualify: 
• Cough • Chil ls and/or fever 
• Chest congesti on • Trouble breathing 
• Increase in Sputum and/o r change in color 

Compensation: 

. Study-related medi ali on at no charge 
• Study-related diagno tic pro edure at no charge 
• omplete medica l evaluation at no harge 
• Patient Com pen ation of up to $120 if you 

compl t th tudy 

Monday, November 2, 1998 The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 15 

CHAPMAN ADVENTURE 

Frustrating Night 
SO CLOSE: UCSD lost 3-2 in a thrilling, see-saw affair 
By Travis Hili 
Associate Sports Editor 

It 's time to play, "Pick Your Cliche." 
Describe the UC;SD men's soccer 

squad's match last Friday night at 
Chapman University : 

A. So dose, yet so far 
B. Missed it by that much 
C. A bird in the hand is 

worth two in the bush 
D. Heartbreak hOlel 
E. A, Band 0 
If you picked C, you' re a moron . If you 

picked E, you win. 
The winning cliches li sted above do 

indeed describe what transpired in Orange 
last Friday night as the Tritons were 
defeated, 3-2. UCSD knew it had to win 10 
keep its postseason hopes alive. 
Unfortunalely for Head Coach Derek 
Armstrong, he would be wilhoul four of 
hi s starters as well as backup goalkeeper. 

Fifth-year sweeper John Brandon, 
senior forward Anthony Funicello. junior 
central midlielder Cameron Adams, junior 
defender Bret Munson and sophomore 
goali e Neil Saffer would all watch the 
match from the sidelines. 

The Tritons came out fired up, but a 
defensive lapse in onl y the 5th minute 
al lowed the Panthers to get on the board 
first. This goal detlated the Tritons, bul 
they didn 't crumble. In fact, it was the vet-
eran Brady Bernard who made a statement 
for UCSD a few minutes later. 

The Tritons drew a corner and Bernard 
was at the back post for the cross. The ball 
came to him and he got a great head on it. 
As the ball headed ri ght for the upper cor-
ner of the net, it looked like a sure goal. 
But tbe Panlher goa lie made perhaps the 
most miraculous save of hi s lile, as he 
leaped back across the goal and snatched 
the ball out of mid-air. 

Although the Tritons carne up score-
less. that opportunity gave the them some 
contidence. UCSD went into halftime 
down a goal, but thi s was anyone's match. 

By this time, it was apparent that 
UCSD was a determined team. The 
Tritons gathered around goalkeeper Lucas 
Curtolo before Ihe half ended. who stirred 
up his teammates with an emoti onal plea 
to play hard and win . 

It worked. The Tritons came out on 
fire. They were pushing up and beginning 
to create opportunities. But in the 54th 

minute, Chapman caught a break. Panther 
forward Pat Ferry was about five yards 
offside, but the linesman inexplicably 

ruled he was on . This created a break-
away two-on-one against Curtolo, 

and the Panthers scored again. 
Down 2-0, the Tritons got 

angry. UCSD began to 
pound the Panthers -
coming in extremely hard 

on tackles lighting for loose 
balls. Finally, in the 6 1 st minute, 

the Panthers buckled under the fe ro-
cious Triton attack. 

Midfielder 10sh Figgs, known for his 
unbelievably long throw-ins, got a chance 
deep in Panther territory and bombed the 
ball inside the Chapman 18-yard hox. The 
ball bounced around and fell on the feet of 
Tyler Korman, who ripped it home. 

The Triton bench and the small contin-
gent of UCSD fans that made the trek to 
Chapman exploded. 

They were still down 2- 1, but the goal 
added fu el to their blazing flame. After the 
kick-off, UCSD immedia tely got the 
equalizer. Bernard stole the ball and took 
it inside the IS-yard box. He then tapped it 
out to Bryan Song, who chipped in a spec-
tacular goa l over the keeper's head rrom 
outside the box . 

Unfortunately for the Trilons. the game 
was far from over. In the next 10minulcs, 
the Tritons managed 10 pul logether some 
dangerous opportunities. as senior mid-
fielder Doug McBride had some ni ce shots. 
But the Tritons kept missing hy inches. 

In the 75th minute, Chapman put 
together the game-winning goa l. They got 
a great cross to a Panther inside the 6-yard 
box . The Panlher tried to head il home, but 
Curtolo tipped it wide. The ball then ro lled 
across the mouth of Ihe goal, close to 
going OUI. Another Chapman player slid 
and saved it, kicking the ball back across 
the front of the goal mouth. The unmarked 
Panther who missed the header collected 
the ball and tapped it in. It was a frustral -
ing, hearthreaking goal ror Ihe Tritons. 

It was a breathtaking match. As thc 
fims lef'l the stadium, Ihey, too. were 
fatigued by thi s cmoti onal roller coaster of 
a game. Unfortunately, UCSD was on the 
wrong end of the score. But the Tritons 
should not, and did not, hang Iheir heads. 
They played valiant ly, with a ton of heart, 
or insert your own cli che. 

Postseason Bound 
HOSTING: NCAA West Regionais will be at RIMAe 
By Jake Gordon 
Sports Editor 

It all comes down to thi s: one game left 
in the season, one more match to go. A 
win would mean beginning the 
postseason on RlMAC field. A 
loss could mean no postsea-
son at all. It was the tinal 
game of the season on an 
unfamiliar lield surrounded by 
hostile fans. 

In a game that meant everything to 
the UCSD women's soccer team, the 
Trilons shut out Division III rival 
Chapman University, 2-D, in Orange last 
Friday. With the win, UCSD eXlended its 
winning streak to eight games and raised 
its record 10 12-2-1. The win also means 
that the NCAA Division III West 
Regionals will be held here in La Joll a 
next weekend . 

The game was emotional and aggres-
sive on hoth sides of the ba ll. The Panthers 
entered the game with a 10-6-2 record. A 
win over the three-time defending 
Nalional Champion Tritons would make a 
strong case for the Chapman team making 
the playoffs. II was not 10 be, however. The 
Tritons were just 100 tough. 

The first half was scoreless, as the 
Chapman defense was ready to face the 
UCSD offensive attack . The Panthers u ed 
every means possihle 10 gai n an advan-
tage, including taking out the Trilons. 
Forward Cindy Dosta lek and defender 
Erika Alfredson hoth felt Ihe power of the 
Chapman Ihuggery on vicious Panther 
takedowns. It almost paid off for Chapman 
when a Panther forward crashed into goal-
keeper Jennifer Hetland and the ball rolled 
in the nel. But the referees rightly rule I 
ohstruction and disallowed the goa l. 

With Iheir one defensive lapse behind 
them, the Tritons got down to business. 
They have been playing gigantic gi rls with 
no respect for the rules all season long, 
and have always made up for their lack of 
size with their skill , speed and stamina. 

In the second hall', UCSD usually gets 
stronger whih: Iheir larger opponents 
begin to slow down, Iryi ng 10 catch their 
breath. This was the Siory once again 
againsl Chapman. 

In the 4Hth minute, the fl oodgates 
opened. Junior midlielder l anine Harispe 
played a brilliant head tli ck on to Dostalek, 
who went streaking past Ihe Panther 

detense. Now one-an-one with the Panther 
goalie, Dostalek slotted the ball in the right 
side of the net. It was a picture-perfect goal, 
highlighting Harispe's great passing skills 

and Dostalek 's never-ending hustle. 
It took only four minute. for 

UCSD 10 get another goal. 
On a corner kick, 
Dostalek gathered the 

ball at the top of the IS-yard 
box and pas ed it back to senior 

Shelbi Thiele, who was about 25 
yards from the goal. Thiele wasted no time 
and fired a left-footed rocket of a shot that 
grazed the goa lie's fingers then ricocheted 
off the underside of the crossbar back 
down over the goal line. The ball eventual-
ly ended up out ide the goa l. but the refer-
ees were on lOp of thi s call as well and 
correctly ruled il a goal. 

It was a fantast ic shot by Thiele and a 
great way for the seni or 10 enjoy her final 
regular season game. UCS D' other 
senior, midfielder Alison Hurley, also had 
a chance to score a goal when she broke 
free on the right s ide. 

. But the opportunity was spoiled by the , 
very dirty tac tic ' of the beaten Chapman 
defender, who came up and essentially 
dragged Hurley down from behind. Hurley 
no doubt mentioned "Scoreboard" 10 the 
brutish gi rl , however, because Chapman 
was all but done for. 

Playing in her home town of Orange, 
junior sweeper Li z Schilling had a great 
performance on defense, as did freshman 
goalkeeper Laura Dolkas, also from near-
by. Dolkas relieved Hetland with 16 min-
utes to go and made the most of her oppor-
tunity, making an unbelievable diving, one-
handed save in the /{ Iosing seconds th:lI 
brought her contingent of fam to their teet 
and preserved the shutout for the Tritons. 

With the win , the Tritons secured the 
amazing feat of not losing in the month of 
October, going 8-0 to end the regular sea-
son. 

UCSD will now host the NCAA 
Division III West Regional s. The Tritons 
will face St. Benedict's College (MN) on 
RIMAC field thi s Saturday. Willamette 
College (OR) wi ll play Stevens Point (WI ) 
in the seeond game. The winners of each 
match will play on Sunday. 

The Triton game is tentatively sched-
uled for 6 p.m. Get out there and cheer for 
UCSD to not lose in November. 

MUIR MUSICAL ENSEMBLE 
...•................................................ : 
• • 

ANNOUNCES AUDITIONS 
for their spring production: 

The Mystery DI Edwin DIYIDd 
• Auditions will be held Sunday, Nov 8 in the 
Price Center Ballroom A, llam to 5pm. 

• Sign up in Sequoyah Hall, 2nd floor, 
Theatre Department 

• Please have one ballad and one upbeat song 
prepared. 

Sheet music required, accompaniment prOVided, 

Questions? CalljocelynAlexander at 695-1833 
or jalexand@ucsdedu 
..--=~ .::: == .....,." .,.... '- ........ Joo. .,. --~ t:1" ""s.. L.-:' t:1" '::I.. '""'" t:1' -- ~ "';;~ f.1 L... '""IJ,. Ji ~ L,..! f.1 L... ~"i t:1a..~ ...-: Joo'1 ~ ~ ,...,. .~ ~ n .~ ..... ~ 
~ ."......., .-

--
",""" 

r-- L--' .- ~ ..... ~ 

: Deserve a study break? Want FREE PIZZA? : 
• 
• • 
• 
• 
• 
• 

Come see award-winning environmental film spots : 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

featuring Pierce Brosnan, Patrick Stewart, 
and breathtaking dnemotography and music! 

When: Wecmesday, Nov. 4, 7:00 pm Where: Cognitive Science Bldg., Room 004 
Ruben Aronin of the Earth Communications Office 

will show empowering PSAs which have been seen by a billion people in 185 countries! 
ECO is "Ihe environmental voice of the entertainment industry: 

This event is hosted by Student Pugwash USA. We promote the socially I 1 I I Ell 
responsible use of science and technology and are the US student affiliate of 
the Pugwash Conferences of Science and World Affairs, recipients of the 1995 
Nobel Peace Prize. 

Meet Student Pugwash USA national staff member Anno Moden and learn 
how you can join a growing network of students who care about science and 
social responsibility. We also are hiring a few, talented UCSD sfudents to help , I I • I I I 
us organize a prestigious international conference at UCSD next summer. I I I 

Chedc GUIDII' W. site! www.spusa.cllt..pugwasIv.CII. ~ad tIS at conference@spusa.or CII' l"'·WOW-A~. 
• Speciat thanks to Dean Morvin Goldberger and the Division of Nafural Sciences for help in organizing this evenf. 
• 
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

... 

-



i 
I 

I 
I 
I 

I 
. I 

i 
I 

I 
- I I 

16 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian 

"All ".. ,., IJq8 • .,." _ 
.. NY to "..., .w.., 

• ... 7"....· •• ,.,~ 
."" 0«. "'*C-
............ .. 

Jacob Gordon 
Chapman: A 
Sports Odyssey 

It was a roadtrip for the ages. 
As die-hard Triton fans and 

sports writers to boot, the 'oach 
and I knew when we saw the 
season-ending soccer double-
header at hapman ni versity 
on the schedule, we were going. 

As the day approached, the 
plan was clear. We had two 
midterms back-to-back from 9 
a.m. to I I a.m. Yet, for the after-
noon. the world was our oy~ t er. 
When Friday linally came, we 
plowed th rough our m idterm~ 
and we all piled into the oach's 
Civic for the short jaunt up the 5 
to the 57, practi cing the age-old 
tradition of following the home 
team on the road. Barely stop-
ping short of painting our wi n-
dows gold and blue, we were 
definit ely exc ited to see the 
Triton soccer teams in ac tion. 

However. we had to get there 
before we could enjoy the 
games. Due to some faulty 
direc tions by someone who 
shall remain nameless. except 
lhat she plays sweeper for our 
women's team, we got desper-
ately lost looking for some 
street with "Orange" in the title. 

Unbeknownst to us, every 
street in the City of Orange 
begins with "Orange." So we 
were 10 I. My incredibly keen 
mind deduced that Chapman 
University might possibly be on 

hapman Avenue, yet the stub-
born. stupid Coach refu~ed to 
turn . We ended up in stuck in 
awful Los Angeles traffic with 
only a hour until game time. 

The oach g t off the free-
way when he tinally came to the 
rea li zation that we were getting 
closer to Gu am than to 

hapman. 
We then look a lovely back-

street tour of what mu t have 
been the ni ce part of Anaheim. 
with all of its 'mall Mexican 
restaurant , gas stations and 
liquor ~ t o res . 

- TI, .r PItcher MIckey 
loloth on hiS CUI 

The Tritons love the friendly confines 
of RIMAe Arena where they 

are 20-1 this season 
By John Maynard said . " I gue~~ they were, but it did-
Sports Editor n' t matter becau~l! we were play ing 

nce again , CS D wQmen\ so well." 
volleyba ll has made it quite ea~y Because the Tritons were play-
for anyone to become a vo lleyball ing so well , this matchup turned 
groupie. In l a~ t year's road to the (Ju t to be no ditTerent than last 
Final Four, the Tri tons had a one - domination. 
strong followi ng that The Triton " dom ina-
grew expo- I tion allowed 
nentially with III.JUiltl.;jvoLLEYBALLI Head Coach 
every game, Dun c an 
cul mi nating in a packed McFarland to he fl exib le 
RIMA arena during last wi th his roster. Ten Tritons 
yea r's championship match. This stepped onto the court . and each of 
yea r has been no di ffere nl. Fans those ten recorded ki lls. Those 
that were there last year have kept same ten Tritons also contributed 
coming - this time bringing thei r defensive ly, racki ng up at least I 
friends. The word has spread: these dig each. Out~idc hi tters Bender 
girls arc GOOD. and Kathleen Hent ..: each led the 

Better than good, the Tritons arc Tritons offensively, with <) ki li s 
consistent. A game at home usually apiece. Defensive ly, freshman 
means a game won. Other than its Jamie Woods was the busies t, 
loss to top-ranked Washington shucking 9 digs. he was followed 
Uni ve r ity (Mo.), UCSD has not by Leslie Punelli , who had 6 digs. 
lost a home match thi s season, Bender said she was particular-
making it all the easier to become a Iy impressed with Woods, who was 
vo lleyball groupie. play ing at a new pos ition on 

On Saturday night. the Tritons aturday ni ght , something th at 
continued their impermeable usually takes a lot of adjustments. 
homestand , taking care of the "Changi ng positions is 'ome-
Uni versit y of La Verne Leopards in times tough," Bender said, "but 
straight games, 15-8, 15-2, 15-9. Jamie played well." 

In thei r 20th win of the season. Woods played like she owned 
the Tritons, now 20-4, continue to the right side - the side usuall y 
dominate their opponents. UCSD dominated by Hent ..: - record ing 5 
had almost twice as many kills, sets kills. 
and 'ervice aces than did La Verne. The di sbursement of ki li s 
The Tri tons also had 5 fewer errors 
than thei r counterparts. 

Though the Tritons won in three 
games the las t time they met La 
Verne, they weren't sure what to 
ex pect from the Leopard on 
Saturday. 

"We expected them to come out 
rea ll y fired-up ," Alli son Bender 

through ten different Tritons is 
indicative of what McFarl and 's 
squad has been strivi ng for: team-
work. 

After Wednesday 's strai ght 
sweep of hapman ni versi ty, 15-
10, 15-8, 15-7, the Tritons were 
most concerned with their lack of 
teamwork. 

Monday, November 2, 1998 

Julius Chol / Guardlan 
Set Me: Shannon Hawes sets it up as Shannon Noonan looks on. 

McFarland 's crew has always 
had a lot of camaraderie (j ust look 
at the sidelines of any game to see 
a Ii red-up bench), but sometimes 
the womens' play has lac ked §yner-
gy. 

Though the Tritons put a lot 
good plays together, Wednesday 's 
win came at the hands of individual 
skill - parti cul arl y that of 
Shannon oonan, who had an 
amazing kill ratio of .769, record-
ing lOki lis on 13 attempts, and the 
svelte serving of setter Dana Sa lter, 
who had 2 aces . 

But Saturday 's La Verne wi n 
came wi th a di ffe rent fl avor. 
Bender 'aid she noti ced the 
change. 

'T he difference between 
ISaturday night 's] game and the 

hapman game was that we had 
more teamwork ," Bender said. 
"Agai nst Chapman we were kind of 

scallered and it was individual skill 
that put us over the top. But the La 
Verne game was differenl. We real-
ly came together." 

The Tritons say they hope thi s 
change is permanent, and that they 
continue to play together th rough 
lhe last two regular-season games 
and into the playoffs. 

The Triton band wagon is going 
fas t, and the seats are ti ll ing up . 
The Tritons have onl y one more 
regular-season home game remain-
ing, thi s Wednesday ni ght at 7 p.m. 
against Westmont Co llege. At thi s 
game, the Tritons wi ll salute its 
three seniors, oonan, Salter and 
Katherine Brynjestad, who have 
put in many hours to help establ ish 
UCS D as a Division II1 volleyball 
powerhouse. 

So show up and stay with the 
Triton en route to another postsea-
son. 

Eventually, we found the 
lovely hapman campus deep in 
the heart of scenic Orange. 

The oach and I strode onto 
the fi eld with two other Triton 
fans accompanying us and expe-
rienced a whole new feeling. 
This was not the friendly con-
fines of Triton Soccer Stadium. 
This was a foreign pitch, com-
plete with football yard lines. 
The women 's game was first, 
From the size of the hapman 
girls, it looked to be a physical 
ballle. 

UCSD on the Edge of Greatness 

Surprisingly enough for a 
university thai has practically no 
school spirit, UC 0 had a fairly 
strong contingent of fans in 
attendance - if you consider a 
school of 18,000 having about 
25 people in the stands-"fairly 
strong." Of cour e, most of them 

See .UCIlO, Page 14 

ALMOST: Polo loses to No.8 Long Beach State in OT then beats up on Santa Cruz and Air Force 
By Travis Hili 
Associate Sports Editor 

Remember the 
"European Vacation?" 

movie, 

This movie portrayed Chevy 
Chase and the Griswolds at their 
best. There is a scene in that movie 
when the family is on the plane to 
Europe and each. person is dream-
ing. The dreams are all pretty good, 
but for the moment recall the little 
daughter Audrey 's dream (Has 
anyone ever noticed that the 
Griswold kids are different ages in 
every "Vacation" movie'!). 

he was ju t eating, and eating, 
then eating some more. The dream 
was b rdering on disgusting. 

Finally, he was tremendously fat , 
almo t to the point where she was 
literally going to explode. 

That is a great analogy for the 
U SO men' water polo team. The 
Tritons have been eating 
mailer opponents and 

having to stom-
ach frequent 
narrow losses to 
the top-ranked teams. 
Very s n, h wever, U 
is going to explode and beat one 
of the best teams in the country. 

UCSD' eating nightmare con-
tinued la t weekend, as it had three 
games in three days: an I I -9 loss to 
No. 8 Long Bea h State (LBSU) in 

overtime, a 13-6 win over No. 18 
UC Santa Cruz at home and a 10-4 
victory over No. 13 Air Force 
Academy (AFA) yesterday. 

In keeping with its tradition, the 
No. 10 UCSD beat the teams 

it wa supposed to, and 
came within a 
~-::--:-=-> two-point goal 

of a tremen-
us up 'et win. 

On Friday, the Tritons 
locked horn ' with LBSU. 

U SD had been narrowly defeated 
in two earlier allempts to beat the 
4gers. Although they came very 
close, the third time wa not a 
charm for the Tritons. 

The 4gers were hosting thi s 
contest in the fri endly con tines of 
Belmont Plaza Pool - one of the 
toughest places to play in the 
nation. Things did not look good 
early as the Tritons trailed at the 
half, 7-4. Then the 4gers extended 
their lead to 8-4 with 4: 12 remain-
ing in the third period. 

That was when the Tritons came 
alive. They tightened up their 
defen e and hut the 4ger out for 
lhe rest of regulation. Then the 
Triton began to chip away at their 
4-goal deficit. Finally, with 1:00 
left, Doug Cole battled to get his 
fourth goal of the game, an equal-

See POLO, Page 14 


