
Elsewhere 
Student Death 
Prompts Inquiry 
PHILADELPHIA -
Homicide detectives are inves-
tigating the "very suspicious" 
death of 23-year-old Shannon 
Schieber, a first-year Wharton 
doctoral student. Schieber's 
brother and a neighbor found 
her dead at around 3 p.m. on 
May 7. According to WCAU-
TV, there were no signs of 
physical injury, such as stab or 
gunshot wounds, but her 
apartment was reportedly in 
"disarray." Caryl Knutsen , 
assistant director of the foun-
dation that was paying for 
Schieber's education, said 
Schieber was hav ing difficul -
ties with a stalker, and that she 
had a restraining order against 
an unspecified man. 

- Th e Daily Penflsylvanian 

UCLA Bomb Search 
Turns Up Nothing 
LOS ANGELES - A police 
search for bomb-maki ng 
materials at the UCLA 
Triangle Fraternity house last 
Thursday failcd to turn up 
any results. Several agencies, 
including the FBI, the San 
Bernardino County Sheriff's 
offi ce, the LAPD bomb 
squad and the UCLA police, 
searched the house after 
tracking a deli very that had 
apparently been addressed to 
a former associate member of 
the fraternity, Steven 
Col bern, an '89 UCLA grad-
uate, was known for hi s pen-
chant for building bombs 
whilc on campus. He was 
arrested in 1995 on a warrant 
stemming from weapons 
charges in Arizona. 
According to some ex-frater-
nity members, some current 
members had a recreational 
interest in explosives. 

- The Daily Bruin 

Judge Bans Three 
Students From TOWI1 
EAST LANSING , Mich. -
In a May 5 pre-tri a l motion , 
East Lansing District Court 
Judge Richard Ball banished 
three Michigan State 
Uni versity students from the 
town of East Lansi ng. The 
students were involved in the 
MSU riots earli er this month . 
Ball ordered Anthony Kipp, 
Michae l Kiewicz and 
Jeanette Casarez to leave 
East Lansing by 8 p.m. that 
day. On May 6, Ball modi-
fi ed his order to allow the 
students to stay in the city, 
provided that they arc off the 
streets by 8 p.m. and do not 
use alcohol or illegal drugs . 

- Th e Slale News 

Spoken ••• 
"The number one 
priority of the LGBT 
community here at 
UCSD at this time is to 
establish a center. " 

- Sarah Archibald 
Co-Chair 

UCLGBTA 
See story on right 

Festival for Y' all 
Your inside guide to the biggest 
day of activities at UCSD, 
including interviews and crime. 

Sun God Special, page 11 

So Long 
The end is near, but 
'Seinfeld'lives on, 
yada, yada, yada. 

Opinion, page 4 

Surf's Up 
An insider takes a 
look inside soul 
sport of UCSD. 

Sports, page 31 
-I-

---------------------------------------------------------------------~ 
T H E u c 

UC SAN DIEGO THURSDAY, MAY 14, 1998 

IMMIGRATION 

Claire Schneider/Guardian 
Biding Time: Martine Guanajuato lives at the Tijuana River, where he waits to cross 
into the United States . He has already attempted the crOSSing twice this week. 

Crossing the Line 
Operation Gatekeeper poses new challenges for migrants 

By Claire Schneider 
Photo Editor 

It 's 10 p.m. and pouring rain in 
Tijuana. Near the airport, groups of 
men clothed in jeans, ponchos and plas-
tic trash bags step off the buses. They 
hurry down glistening city streets, 
toward the corrugated metal wall that 
divides Mexico from the United Stales. 

The men turn off at an unpaved road, 
which has long since turned to mud. At 
the bottom of the hill , they wait for 
instructions from their leader, the "coy-
ote," who will attempt to pirate Ihem 
across the border under cover of dark -
ness. 

The fear at the bottom of the hill is 
palpable. 

There are no signs of the heli copters 

that rake the hi li s near the San Ysidro 
border checkpoint with broad beams of 
light. However, the coyotes know that 
the border patrol , La migra, has many 
new tri cks. 

The coyotes remain intent on their 
mi ss ion : evading La migra, and collect-
ing their $1,200 payment from each 
member of their human cargo. 

The migrants shift nervously; they 
too are afraid of the vicious coyotes and 
of leaving their friends and family 
behind in Mex ico. 

Close to the Tijuana River, opposite 
San Diego's Imperial Beach, another 
group of men wait to cross the line. 
They camp out where the newly con-
structed bollard fence ends, bui Iding 

Story continued on Page 16 

. -' 

5 > 

VOLUME 94, 

A.S. Council 
Debates 
Fiscal Plan 
BUDGET: New organizatien 
A.S.P' receives funding for 
first time, CWD still line item 
By Erika Snider 
Staff Writer 

In a meeting filled with debate and con-
troversy, the A.S. Council discussed last 
night whether to accept President Joe 
Leventhal' s proposed 1998-1999 budget and 
the suggested finance commitlee revisi'ons 
accompanyi ng it. 

In bOlh the commiuee and the whole 
council , several areas of Ihe budget became 
points of contention. One was the Academic 
Success Program (A.S.P.), which the council 
ultimately dec ided to fund with 13 votes in 
favor, 6 against, and 2 abstentions. 

The money will be used to start up 
A.S .P.'s booklending, peer mentorship, 
tutoring and exam-archive programs, a 
well as pay for various start-up costs. A.S.P. 
was unable to secure a $1 mandatory student 
fee to pay for the programs in last month's 
student elections. 

Leventhal did not include A.S.P. in his pro-
posed budget because he said the group did 
not ask for any money while he was preparing 
it. However, after A.S.P. members approached 
the finance committee twice to request 
money, the committee recommended includ-
ing the program in the budget - a recom-
mendation the council ultimately accepted. 

''I'm disappointed in the special interests 
that seem to be projected in some of the 
council votes tonight ," Leventhal sa id . " It 
was evident to all that council did not have 
suffi cient information on the function and 
accountability of .. , A.S.P. if, without any 
track record of existing as a student organi-
zation, suddenly they are allowed to become 
a new A.S. service funded more than all 
other A.S. services combined." 

The program's backers disagreed, pointing 
See BUDGET, page 9 

Panel Discusses Proposed LGBT Resource Center 
PLAN: Advocates want 
the center to include fully 
paid staff member 
By Quyftn Tu 
Staff Writer 

An open forum to disi:qss the 
proposed creation of a Lesbian, 
Gay, Bi sexual , Tran gender 
(LGBT) Resource Center at UCSD 
was held last Tue day afternoon in 
the Price CC!1ter, a a pan of Gay 

Awareness Week. 
The proposed center is spon-

ored by the University of 
California Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, 
Transgender Association (UCLGB-
TA), the UCS D's Chancellor's 
Advisory Committee on Lesbian, 
Gay, Bisexual , and Transgender 
Is ues (CACLGBTI) and the 
UCSD Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, 
Transgender Association 
(LGBTA). 

there have been ongoi ng talks 
about the need for a LGBT resource 
center. It was only last year, how-
ever, that members of the sponsor-
.ing groups met wilh Chancellor 
Robert Dynes to seriously discuss 
the i sue. Since then, they have pre-
pared a formal , written proposal. 

CACLGBTl. 
Currently, all of the other UC 

campuses, with the exception of 
Santa Barbara and San Diego, have 
established LGBT resource centers. 
Archibald said she hopes UCSD 
will see the success of the other 
centers and follow their examples. 

OYer the last couple of years 

''The number one priority of the 
LGBT community here at UCSD at 
this time is to establish a center," 
aid Sarah Archibald, co-chair of 

UCLGBTA and a member of 

"The centers vary by design 
across the UC campuses, but it i 
very likely that lUCSD' ] new 
Resource Center would look more 

See FORUM, Page 10 



2 NEWS 

All Around Campus 
Today 
Music: UCSD Community Chorus 
Enjoy the singing talent of staff and students as they perform a 
variety of music from classical to contemporary at noon in 
University Center 407. For information, call Trudy at 534-3583 
or e-mail tladue@ucsd.edu. 

Price Center Film Series: 
"The Wedding Singer" 
Relive the '80s with thi s movie starring Adam Sandler and 
Drew Barrymore. "The Wedding Singer" will be shown at 7 
p.m . and 10 p.m. in the Price Center Theater. Admission for 
students is $2. For information, call 822-2068. 

Theater: "Not Them!" 
Sec this play, based on the classic I 950s horror film, "Them!" 
at 8 p.m. in the Mandell Weiss Forum. The show continues 
through May 16. Admission for students is $6. For ticket infor-
mation, call 534-4574 or 534-3793 . 

Tomorrow 
Festival: Sun God 
The Sun God Festival is here! Hang out on Library Walk and 
Sun God Lawn as the booths and activities begin at II a.m. 
Social Distortion, The Roots and d.ffi.ost will rock the evening 
concen, held at 7:30 p.m. on the RIMAC Field. For informa-
tion , call 534-4090. 

Films: "Rocky Horror Picture Show" 
Enjoy this cult classic, featuring audience participation at mid-
night in the Price Center Theater. Bring things to throw. For 
information, call 457-3064. 

Conference: Black Women Writers 
The "Black Women Writers and the High Art of A fro-
American Letters" conference kicks off at 4 p.m. in the Price 
Center Theater. The three-day conference honors the work of 
Sherley Anne Williams and other black women writers and 
critics. The conference will open with a keynote address by 
Angela Davis. For information , call 534-3216. 

Safurday 
Dance: East-Coast Swing Workshop 
Learn the fun, energetic craze of the '40s and '50s at 5 p.m. in 
RIMAC. Lifts and drops will be involved. Admission for stu-
dents is $10. For information, call 534-4037. 

Music: La Jolla Symphony Concert 
The La 10lla Symphony Orchestra will perform pieces by 
Verdi , Berlioz and others at 8 p.m. in the Mandeville 
Auditorium. The orchestra will also play at 3 p.m. on Sunday. 
Admission for students is $7. For information, call 534-4637. 

Dance/Party: Jungle Cruise 
Boogie down at this non-sexist dance at 9 p.m. in the Pub. For 
information, call 534-4297. 

Sunday 
Roma Nights: Tritones 
Enjoy the music of The Tritones at Espresso Roma at 8 p.m. 
For information, call 822-2068. 

Errata: 
In a May II Guardian article, "Effort Underway for '98 and 

'99 Senior Classes to Raise Funds for Triton Statue," the gender 
of Adrien Kohn was misidentified. Mr. Kohn is indeed male. The 
Library Walk plaques installed in fall 1997 were actually pur-
chased by the university and were not senior class gifts . 

The Guardian regrets the errors. 

GuiRDIAN 'III 
r".. ucso GuarClian Is PIAllislled MOndays and thurSdays durtng I"" academtc 
year by and lor I"" 81uoeniS 01 VCSD . Reproouclion 01 tnls _r In any 
form. Whelher tn whole or In pari . wilhout permission Is 51rlclly prohiblled. 
C 1998. oIt rltlhlS reserved. /he UCSO GuarrJian Is nol responsible for I"" return 
01 unsolicited manuscripts or arl . T"" views . ""essed herein do not necessarily 
represent lite OOInions 01 r ".. UCSO GuBrtJien. I"" Unl_slly 01 California or I"" 
Assocl8led SIUClenIS. /he UCSO Gu6lrd/an Is funded solely by adverllsl",. 
It 'S 10 p.m. ana noUIlour of \".. ' Erlka Held Host ..... by I"" A.S. COuncil' crtsls . 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, May 14, 1998 

ETCETERA ..• · 

G-Chla.u IS ~E: 
RI\6.tT'!' 
~Wt4Uf: CNl ~ ...... rr 

t6'T'" OOldNT,"HOIIO-
"aLL ",PoIIDMIIoIT ,oJ 
TOW"'" (j) If: .00 " OOo<",~Tt>II; (,Ow. I't.tJo",,",.rr; "'"'< tS 
n4A!t. UII MuCt4 ~ISUV 
AJI'O w,ftl..,.Ib .",."...£ 
...... ...,! 

u ...... 'TO uFL /OJ ~u.., 
t,/. -nitS """',Mr£.«.. 

~ ".,.TCH ,,010 V,,"" '" 
c.l.O!.E... VovA. t..'<E.s., SCI-ATC'" 
'T~£ ""C.'''I...L'( 'C.OATIf...O ooo~ .~a. IUM\.L Vl.E'-L"t' WI""" .o~ 
"Osf.I\ .. ~ THE..) T1\C«''' (.U(n . ~N'W£.R. .r. L.~. -. 

<t"f\d <300M a"3S~,)()1I4 
<:)C'fll ')\1'1 :l0"'"..01!\I 
,..Ol.l.t.l'tll~') V : ~3{'15~Y 

I , 
I 
I ___________ • ________ ... ___________________________ • __ ..J 

BRIEFLY ••• 

Scientist .Awarded Fellowship 
Cognitive science Professor Gilles Fauconnier has 

been awarded a Guggenheim Fellowship for 1998. 
Fauconnier has been researching what he calls the 

complex "backstage cognition," the invisible, behind-
the-scenes mental activities responsible for everyday 
language and reasoning. In 1993, he discovered the 
general cognitive process of conceptual integration and 
blending. 

Fauconnier joined the UCSD faculty in 1988 after 
serving in various academic posts in France, including 
chair of the language sciences department at the 
University of Paris, 

Guggenheim Fellows are appointed on the basis of 
unusually distinguished achievement in the past and 
exceptional promise for future accomplishments . 
Fauconnier is one of 168 artists, scholars and scien-
tists chosen from a pool of more' than 3,000. 

Staged Readlllg of Du .. Rose 
Pra.anted Saturday In PrIce Center 

A staged reading from UCSD Literature Professor 
Sherley Anne Williams' historical novel, Oessa Rose, 
will be presented Saturday at 8 p.m. in the Price 
Center Theater. The event is free and open to the pub-
lic . 

The novel is set in the time of American slavery and 
tells the tale of a young, pregnant black woman, Dessa 
Rose. 

Award-winning actress Sylvia M'Lafi Thompson will 
portray Dessa Rose . Appearing with her will be Sandra 

Ellis·Troy, Bill Dunnam and Arnold Spearman. 
Theatre professor Floyd Gaffney will direct the stage 

adaptation, by playwright T. Ford. 
The reading is being presented in conjunction with 

the "Black Women Writers and the High Art of Afro-
American Letters" conference which marks the 12th 
anniversary of the publication of Dessa Rose and hon-
ors the contributions to literature and culture of black 
women writers, scholars and critics over the past 25 
years. 

Conference activities run from Friday through 
Sunday. For more information, call 534·3216, 

Author Daniel Harris to Discuss 
New Book on May 20 

Author Daniel Harris will discuss his recently pub· 
lished book, The Rise and Fall of Gay Culture, on May 
20 at 6 p.m. in the Price Center Theater. 

Harris noted that, "at the very moment when many 
observers maintain that gay culture is reaching its most 
'mature ' and self·aware form, The Rise and Fall of Gay 
Culture claims that it is actually on the verge of extinc· 
tion. It is certain to stimulate heated debate on the 
issue of assimilation, both inside and outside the gay 
community.-

Harris writes regularly for Harper's, Salmagundi, the 
Antioch Review and Newsday. His work has been 
reprinted in Best American Essays of 1993 and The 
Anchor Essay Annual 1997. 

The event is free and open to the public . 

GENEVIEVE cox, Features Editor 
JESSICA ICHEPPMANN, Associate Features Editor 

MEGAN KLEIN, Opinion EdItor 

01_.: Kart Friedman. Daniel Mu ~ll 
COIIII'UTI. ~: Marcus lobbia 
_1mIIIIII AIIIITMT: Melody Gonzales 

JESSYCA WALLACE, Associate Opinion Editor 
TRAVIS HtU, Sports Editor 

JONAH N!lENtON, Co-Associate Sports Editor 
IC£VIN McUWGHUN, Co-Associate Sports Editor 

ILONA FASS, Co-Hiarus Editor 
SCOTT YAGER, Co-Hiatus EdItor 

CLAIRE ICHNElD£R, Photo Editor 
lREND ... CAHIU, Grap/llcs Editor 
WALT DtCIUNSON, Oesign Editor 

NICK RUNCO, Online Editor 

CI.CVUTlOll AllIlTAIITI: Philip Goldman , Greg Unte, Anne-Marie Ross, E~c 
Wood 

ANN IAR£FInD, Business Manager 
IROCK HALTER, AOvertlslng Manager 

MIKE MARnNEZ, AdVertising Art Director 
JOE PAN, AdVertising Oeslgn & Ll!YOuI 

JOHN 1AR8ER, Advertising Oesign & Layout 
YV£TTE ALCALA, Asslstanf Business ManllfJer 

TaRY LEW, Edilor In Chief 
JONAH RtEEDMAN, Co-MllfIlIf/ng Editor 

QItACE JANCa. Co-MlInlIflltlf Editor 
1lWITIIA QRANSIIAW. Copy Editor 

MAlIC COMIR, AsSOCiate Copy Editor 
JULIA IWUAMADIIt, Co-News Editor 

..... OUON, ~, Editor 

IDIT_ AlSlSTUlTI: Chris lin. SclYenl<. Erlk. Snider 
_____ : BIll Glarvrnann. Mary Hlf&1nS, Jenny Nlcnolson, Sean 
Rahim!, Anna _ , S_ Wlisll 

News/FeetUfes : 534-5226, General Editorial : 534-6581 
Opinion/ Sports: 534-6582, Hiatus: 534-6583 
A<lvertisillll Office : 534-3466, Fa.: 534- 7691 

e-malt : guardl~d.eou 

L&NA IllAflllCM, Associ.,. News Editor 

1_ WRmM: Jeffrey 8ar1<er. Roc""t 8 ... , Kat. Carlos, Pau4 DodIIe . Jacob 
Gordon. Vlncenl Gr,.."",. KKle Ju,.. Matthew Kalinowski. Annam Monlhlram. 
[rlln _ . S ... Moos""', EMn Plrl",. KIWII. SIIdan • . EYe Senuty. Soul 
SIIefIcI8n. Sara ~, Quyen Tv, S. Jao.IIn Wyali, Y~el Yane 
ILLUITIIATOII: ..... AncIUIo 
""" .1 .... _ : DIrN Mal, _ Chen. U .. HIlI. MonilIa ~., D8\Itd 

~. _ MuIdoonGamel, Christopher ~ster. Mendr. _ . "*-'_ 

Guardian Online: http://_ .ucsd.edu/ luardian/ 
UCSD Guardian, 9500 Gilman Drive 0318, 

La Jolla, CA 92093-0318 
i\ctuol lot ...... : __ , ucso SW<IIn\ Center au ....... ·A·. Rm. 217 

Thursday, May 14, 1998 The UCSD Guardian NEWS 3 

Police Report Rise in License 
Plate Thefts on Campus 

International Studies Abroad t (8OO) 580-8826 
Spain 

Ecuador 
France 

Mexico 
CRIME: Five plates 
reported stolen between 
April 29 and May 4 
By Vincent Gragnanl 
Staff Writer 

Five li censc pl ates were repon-
ed stolen bctween April 29 and 
May 4, accordi ng to UCSD Cri me 
Prevent ion Officer Al Jenki ns, 
although the motive hehind the 
thcft s remains unclear. 

C D Police Offi cer Jeff Cox 
said he th inks the license plates arc 
bei ng stolen because either some-
one wanted a li cense plate as a sou-
vcnir for room decorati on, or they 
planned on using it to comm it a 
crime. 

''The thieves can take a stolen 
plate and put it on their car before 
committing a crime in it ," Cox sa id. 
"That way the plate cannot be 
traced back to thcm. But, we have 
no idea how common that is." 

Currentl y, the UCSD po lice 
have no leads and no way of track· 

ing down the criminal. 
"That is the prohlem we have 

wi th large parking lots here," Cox 
said. "We have no suspec ts at all 
unless someone comes forwa rd 
with informat io n." 

Cox said he does no t know how 
many reople are stea ling the 
li cense pl ates. 

"We have no way of knowi ng 
for sure, hut it is ce rtai nl y suspi-
cious to have these cases reported 
at the same time when prior to that, 
we haven't had any," Cox said. 

Jenkins said that he thinks une 
person might have stolen all the 
license plates. 

"Given the time frame, there's a 
good chance that these occurred at 
the same time .... I' m sure it 's the 
sa me person or persons." Jenk ins 
sa id . 

Two of the pl ates were stolen 
from lot 401. The ot hers were 
stolen from lots 403, 406 and 
502. These parking lots are all 
locatcd on the east side of campus 
ncar Roosevelt and Warren co l-

leges. 
Cox said that there is a special 

sc rew used on police cars whidl 
pn:vents their plates from being 
stolen, and that these screws are 
avail ab le to thc publi c. Once 
installed, they cannot hc removed 
wit hout specia l !Oob . Kragcn Auto 
Parts and Pep Boys sell theft-resis· 
tant screws for under $3. 

Cox encouragcd Mudcn ts to pro· 
teet themsclvcs with thc sncws. 

A Pcp Boys cmployec, howevcr, 
said the sc rews an; not infallihle. 

"It makes it harder for thcm, 
but if th ey reall y want to stea l it , 
they' ll do so anyway," th l! employ-
ee said. 

Jen kins sugges ted o ther 
mean ~ for student s to prote.: t 
themselves from li cense pl atc 
theft s. He said hc encourages stu· 
dent s who leave their cars 1'1'1 
campus for long periods of time 
to check their cars at least oncc a 
day. Jenkins said he also adviscd 
students to report license plate 
theft s immcdi ately. 

Chile 
Costa Rica 

http://www.studiesabroad.com 

Now ENROLliNG: SAN DIEGO'S #1 COUR E FOR THE 

Serving the UCSD pre-medical community since 1985 

* M.D.'S TRAINING M.D. 'S-OF-THE-FUTURE * 
" INT : S VE MCAT preparalion & medica l school application/ 

admissions assislance arc atl wc dO- Ir,, ·,.e lIotlike the other Rill'S' 
'Me A T EXPERTS: an independent program taught hy UCS D-lrai ncd 

academic M. D.',. top M.D.-Ph.D. candidales. & Engl" h DepartmcllI 
Ph.D . fa ·utly. 

Plans Underway for UGL Renovation 'ORI(;INATOR ufimcilsive M AT prcp in S'lIl Diegu t3 yean; agl'! , 9 WEEKS ( t 50+ hours) of detailed in·c1ass instruclion & real MCAT 
tesling. prohlem ,olving, reading/writing work.hop;.. revicw groups, 
Illcd school appl icalio n & admission. , Iraleglcs. & tUloring. PROJECT: Construction 

is scheduled to be 
completed in Jan, 2000 
By Annam Manthlram 
Staff Writer 

The Undergradu ate Library is 
scheduled to close in June 1998 to 
upgrade the current heating, venti -
lation and air conditioning systems. 
The library will not he open to stu · 
dents until construction is complet· 
cd in January 2000. Benefits will 
also includc the provision of addi -
tional study space, computer access 
and training facilities. 

The project is part of the $ 11 
million Galbraith Hall renovation, 
which includes improvemcnts to 
the Department of Thea tre and 
Dance, the Reve lle Writing 
Program and the Psychological and 
Counseling Services areas. 

Even though the Undergradu ate 
Library will be closed during reno-
vation, all of it s material s and se r-

I I I Serving UCSD For ' 
Over 30 Years 

-CAMERAS 

-LENSES 

-BINOCULARS 

-DARKROOM 
SUPPLIES 

i{ All. DillCDunt pries.! ;' . UCSD P. O . .. BCCtI. ted! 
459·7355 
7720 Fay Ave, La Jolla CA 
WWN. bobdaviscamera. com 

vices will be moved to the Geisel 
Library before constructi on starts. 

Jcnniffer Bourgeois, a Muir stu-
dent, said that she wo uldn ' t mind 
the Undergraduate Library being 
closed for over two years. 

"I think that it 's really cool that 
they're taking the video reserves to 
the Geise l." she said. "Another 
thing that' s good about moving it 
- the Undergraduate Library is 
enclosed. 

"You don' t have windows, and 
it 's hard for me to study," 
Bourgeois said. 

"After the renovation, the 
Undergraduate Library will have 
16 study rooms, in comparison to 
the six there are now," said Kari 
Lucas , head librarian of the 
Undergraduate Library. "IThis isl 
one of the biggest improvements." 

Galbraith Hall will receive 
ex tensive upgrades to their 33-ycar 
o ld ventilation, cooling and electri -
ca l systems. 

Lucas added that the mechan i· 

cal upgrades will prevent a repeat 
of the October 1997 mold outhreak 
in the library. 

"The other cool fea ture I is I a lot 
more computing power," Lucas 
said . 

The current electri cal systems 
will be completely rcpl aced with 
new systems that are able to handle 
the anticipated 130 computer work-
stations, a co mputer-equ ipped 
classroom and 15 full y wired dock-
ing stations where student s can use 
their own laptops. 

In ordcr to accommodate the 
computers, the library will grow 
physically, as well. 

"On the meZlanine ,level, the 
library is getting all the space from 
the mezzanine out to the wall , on 
all three sides - on the east side, 
the north side, and the south side-
and that 's all going to he trans-
ferred to study space and computer 
access space," Lucas said . 

The library will also house a 
See LIBRARY, Page 9 

'2S() P ; ' of originat takc·homc rcview note,. reading & writing 
studyguides. MeAT & admissions stralegy handoul'. prublem set,. & 
MCAT·quatity timed practice exams. 

,REAL MCAT TESTING for in·elas · & take·hornc practicc. 
, DIRECT CO TACT with young UCSD docs & med sludcnts. 
'TUTORING, prc·med library & Illed schoot applicali lln hetp Jree! 
, ON CAMPUS at the UCS D Schoo l of 'VI CU I"'''t 

~ lCiCJJ 

ABovr DR. GEORGE ••• 
Dr. QeorpIdII hal bien 

MrVIng the UCSD communltr for 
o .. r 18 ,.... .. He I, a grldulte 
of the r.nownad Tuft, UnMrllty 
8c:1IooI of Dlntillry In Bolton, 
MA Ind hal demoMtr .... that 
hI II at lhe forefront of thl tat_t 
tKhnology andlllYancaaln 
dIntIItry. 

BEFORE with Crowding AnER-Slx months later 

Moat ImporIantIy, Dr. George 
~ avery patltnt I*IIIIIIIIr; 
hie Imphaelell on Individual, 
genIlI, panonIIlud carl. To 
reduct anliioulne .. WI hive 
.. Imlnated "lilt apant In till 
Wilting room. IIInue 0llIIIe lind 
..... hlldphot_ .. 8¥IIIabIe 
for INIIdmum comfort. 10% discount 

on all general dentistry & orthodontic services. 
(With mention of this ad.) 

30% OFF Teeth Whitening 

• General. 
Co8IMt1c DentI8by 

• Ora' Surgery 
• TMJ DpfunctIon 
• 0111 MHIontIca 

GEORGE C. GEORGAKLIS D.D.S. Call for :o ..... rta on 
9339 Genesee Ave., Ste 240 223 



4 OPINION 

EDITORIALS 
Editorial Board 

JonIIh F,..cI_n, Co·Managing Editor 
Grace J ..... Co-Managing Editor Me.- Klein, Opinion Edilor 

Jull. Kull ....... ', Co·News Editor 
Rl'M 01_, Co·News Editor 

rhe UCSO GulJrdlan di pubLshed tw.ce it ttf!eJ.. At the Unl'l'el'sft) d Californul. San Dleto Contents 
01998. Vtews expressed herell"l represem the ma,ooty vote 01 the edltonaJ board, and are not 

necessanly those of the UC BoarD of Reeents the ASUCSO. rM)( the entIre GUMdlilf"l 5talt 

Sun God Festival Can Be 
Fun While Alcohol-Free 

The un God Festival is a bless ing to UCSD. It is 
the one event in which the entire campus participates 
- and while it i ~ outstandi ng that the campus can be 
unified for thi s celebration, the bond that tie~ the stu-
dents together shou ld not be alcohol. 

With all of the festivities , it is easy to lose per-
specti ve on things - especia lly drinking. Every year, 
police officers take dozen~ of s tudents into custody 
for being drunk in public. 

We ask those students who choose to drink to do 
so responsibly so that they will not do anything they 
w ill regret in the morning. Remember to pace your-
self and to know your limits. 

If you do choose to drink, d n' t get behind the 
whecl of a car. Designate a driver or take a taxi . 

Also, don't forget that pe pie under the age of 21 
may not legally possess alcohol. Don't give in to peer 
pres sure; it's okay not to drink. There are plenty of 
non-toxic options avai lab le - including a slew of 
daytime activities <J nd the evening concert. 

Don ' t be stupid . Think before you drink. After all , 
we want to make sure that everyone is able to enjoy 
- and remember another excit ing Sun God 
Fes tival. 

Progression Toward Gay 
Awareness Slow but Sure 

If the medi a is an accurate refiection of the 
progress society has made, we would shamefully 
measure between the marh that read "ho mophobic" 
and "ignorant" on the medi a yardstick of gay aware-
ness. Recently, for example , ABC canceled irs popu-
lar sitcom, "Ellen." 

Rumored reasons for the cancellation range from, 
" It wasn't 'gay' enough" to a desire to cater to con-
servati ve advertisers. Not surpri s ingly, the cancella-
tion has brought little fanfare, controversy or hoopl a. 

. Apparently, the show's "coming out" disturbed peo-
ple more than its leaving. 

As long as they ' re nol "out and proud," parading 
around on TV screens - in your face about their 
"queer" and "abnormal " lifestyles - then why 
should anyone care? 

Someone you know and love is probably gay, and 
being gay is not a "disease."A growing number of 
Americans are coming out and de erve an unde r-
standing environment in which to do so. Rejection 
and into lerance are alienating and frightening. 

We have a come a long way, and many are to ler-
ant of gays and les bians - but we shou ld not stop 
here. Until a more equitable society is achieved 
through complete and total acceptance, every week 
shou ld be an out, loud and proud Gay Awareness 
Week . 

Props and Flops 

~~ Congratulations to John Stewart for recently ~ having the Muir College Commons Building named after him. Stewart was the first provost of Muir, and was deeply com~nitted to the students. 
Thanks to the Pacific Beach Town Counci l for ~~ 
throwing another great P.B. Block Party last weck- ~ 0. 
end. Many students had an excellent time, and the ~ 
focus on safety was especially appreciated. 

NOlhing can he done ahout it , hut thumhs down 
to the gloomy, gray and rainy weather. 01 only 
doc~ thi~ prohihit SD Mudent~ lrom goi ng 10 
the beach, but it i~ exacerbating midterm blues. 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, May 14, 1998 

PININ 

w~~c~ "t\\~ 
N\)t\..t"~ 

'Wf\~~tl 

THE VIDEO GAME PHENOMENON 
MAY NEVER END; BE PATIENT 

COMMENTARY: Gids frequently commiserate when it comes to the 
seemingly-ludicrous masculine obsession of playing video games constantly 

By Karl Friedman 
Contributing Opinion Writer 

Thi s article is for all the gi rl s out 
there who have spent countless ni ghts 
watching boyfriends. or guy friends in 
a zo mbie-like trance playing "Mario 
Kart" or James Bond. completely 
ignoring everyone else in the room. 
Unfortunately, this is a common scene 
in households and donns everywhere. 

Video games are coming between 
guys and girls, preventing normal , 
healthy relationships from gelling off 
the comfy confines of a plush couch. 

No maILer how frustrated you get 
- or how much you just want to rip 
th at damn Playstation out of the sock-
et - don' t worry, you are not alone. In 
order to unite girls everywhere under 
the same banner of annoyance, I want 
to relale a little story about my journey 
through the wonderfu l world of video 
game obsessions. 

My journey began "back in the 
day" outside an arcade at Magic 
Mountain during the summer before 
my sophomore year. I wi ll never forget 
waiting anxiously for two - yes, two 
- long, sweltering hours for friends to 
tear themselves away from the nash-
ing li ghts and blaring buzzer of pin· 
ball machInes and skcct ball . Our male 
companions, with puppy-dog eyes and 
convincing smiles, begged my best 
fri end and me to kindly allow them to 
play in the arcade for a few minutes. 
Being the nice girls that we were, we 
decided to indulge their childhood fan-
tasies. 

lill ie did we know that "a few min-
utes" would tum into a few hours, and, 
four years later, I am slill waiting for 
them - well, not Ihe same boy - to 
leave the arcade. 

I thought dating guys older lhan me 
would ~()Ive Illy problem. How ver, 
bOlh my junior- and senior-year 

Let's just say that the 
proverbial phallus has 
been ripped away, 
stripping them of their 
dignity and manhood. 
To feel so distraught 
over losing - after all 
boys, It's Just a game 
- must mean that 
this sort of 
competHlon 
represents something 
larger than we 
fathomed, something 
which points to one's 
manhood. 
boyfriends insisted that 1 watch them 
laboriously play "Duke Nukem" on 
their new, fu lly upgraded computers. 

When I went to visit my former 
boyfriend at college, as a high school 
tudent , ironically at UCSD, r noticed 

a large white board covered with num-
bers accumulated throughoul the year 
representing the winners and losers of 
every single game of "Duke." 

Apparently, my boyfriend, a.k.a. The 
Evil Midnight Bomber What Bombs at 
Midnight , the man behind this pread-
ing disease, was the master of the uni-
verse, leading his fellow computer 
junkie in successful kills. 

When I graduated from high school 
and his freshman year had ended, r 
hoped that this obsession was just a 
phase and thal I could enjoy a ni ce 
relaxing summer wi th him, away from 
the television screen. But, to my sur-
prise (although, how could I expect 
anything different), 1 spent the sum-
mer begging him and his posse to stop 
play ing his IO-year·old brother's 
Ni ntendo 64, threatening to go home if 
J didn ' t become the focus of his atten-
tion. However, with no such luck, I 
finally gave in and succumbed to their 
unyielding cries of "No!" 

Soon the summer came to a close, 
and it wa time to start UCSD. 
Although trying to mend a broken 
heart fo llowing our break-up, I took 
comfort in the pos ibility of meet ing a 
"college" man who did not like video 
games, someone who valued his time 
more appropriately. 

Boy, was I wrong. 
During the first few weeks, every-

thing was going according to plan. No 
one had ti me to sit for hours on end in 
front of the television. As soon as 
everyone got fully acclimated to the 
new surroundings, though, the power 
switches went on and the games once 
again began. 

, spent much of fall quarter and th\! 
begi nning of winter quaner a ross the 
hall , watching the guys play four-per-
son James Bond, leaving the other four 
suitemales monitoring their friends' 
progress. Although I never once joined 
in the fe~tiviti es, I soon knew all the 
weapon_, ceret passages and pos ihle 

See ' GAMES, Page 6 

Thursday, May 14, 1998 The UCSD Guardian 

COMMENTARY: Faithful 'Seinfeld' fans need not despair - Jerry, 
George, Elaine and Kramer occupy the seats of every lecture hall at UCSD ' 

A FOND FAREWEll TO'SEINFELD' 
By Jonah Freedman 
Co-Managing Editor PT. LE)MA 

'A~ , LESS ll&5 MI""ay D,lye 
~ ... IAR6[f 
224-9121 

OPINION 5 

Tonight, millions of people will 
gather around the television for 
"Must-See TV" as they always do. 
But this ni ght is different. Tonight, 
we watch in awe as rour cultural 
icons grace our glowing sc reens for 
the last time. 

Remember that one gorgeous girl 
you were pining after? And I don't 
mean a passing, school-boy crush. I 
mean that long-term project. "One 
day," you thought , "she will be 
mine. Oh yes, she will he mine." 

Then what happened? Hello, 
Jerry ... thaI guy came along and 
snatched her away. No mailer how 
much beller-looking you thought 
you were, 01' Jerry came and stole 
your prize ... that punkass. 

Off.,. 100d with coupon Clnly. 

The last time Elaine jigs like a 
lame orangutan. The last time Jerry 
dumps a supem10del simply ror 
using a soi led toothbrush. The last 
time George experiences "shrink-
age." The last time Kramer gets 
chased down by that weird, gay 
Puerto Rican guy and hi s little 
friend. 

Friends, the last episode or 
"Seinreld" is nigh, and I, for one, 
am saddened at the prospeets of a 9 
o' clock prime-time Thursday night 
hour with only "Veronica's Closet" 
and "Just Shoot Me" to show ror it. 
Come next Thursday, millions of 
Americans will be confused and 
disoriented, wondering how they 
got here, what to do next, yada 
yada yada. 

We UCSD students, however, 
don't have to let the quintessential 
quarr et fade out of existence. 
We've got Jerry, George, Elaine, 
Kramer - and even Newman -
all around us. Just work with me on 
thi s one, and I'm sure you' ll agree. 
Jerry Selnfeld 

Guys, we all know a Jerry. 
Don ' t deny it. Jerry is that one guy, 
that one you just want to clobber. 
He's that guy with questionable 

Who doesn't know a 
Kramer? He (or she) 
is the roommate 
from hell we've all 
had at some point In 
our college careers. 
He borrows things 
without asking. He 
never puts them 
back. He eats your 
food. He never 
offers to pay you 
back for anything. 
He always needs 
you to drive him 
somewhere. He's 
always around. 
looks who sti ll manages to get all 
the chicks - and he finds some-
thing wrong with every one. 

We've all been there. 

So he's wi th her ror a limited 
time, decides she looks awful when 
she squats whi le naked, or she's got 
manly hands, or she won't let him 
play with her toys, whatever. Twu 
weeks later, he 's with a new 
woman, twice as gorgeous a 
before. The cycle continues. No 
one ean ever figure him out. 

Advantages: Befriending him 
and hanging out with him has its 
rewards. 

Drawbacks: May steal your 
woman. 
George Costanza 

Everyone knows a George . He 's 
that annoying little sycophant in 
the rront row of your lecture. He 
gets there early every day. He si ts 
front and center. He docs every 
page of reading, including the 
photo captions and the glossary. He 
rai ses his hand every two minutes, 
offering hi s opinion. J mean, come 
on, could anyone like O-chem that 
much? 

The George is the type of guy 
people write personals to in the 

See SEINFELD, Page 8 

Partying at Sun God. 
The Dos & Don'ts 

• • 

Dos 
Do remember that it's okay not to drink . 
Do remember that it's illegal to drink if you're under 

the age of 21. 
Do remember the Zero Tolerance Policy. 
Do take advantage of the activities throughout the day. 
Do keep watch out for each other. 
Do dance, laugh, and have a good time. 

If you do choose to drink. .. 
Don'ts 
Don't drink and drive, Remember a DUI can cost 

up to $10,000. 
Don 't drink on an empty stomach. 
Don't walk around with liquor, Duh? 
Don 't mix drinks. Stick to something you like, 
Don 't give in to peer pressure to drink past your limit. 
Don't go to the cliffs, you may fall. Besides, this time 

the party is on campus. 
Don't be violent. Don't be stupid. Don't draw attention 

to yourself and end up in detox. 
Don't do anything you ' ll regret tomorrow morning, 

Sun God should be a GOOD EXPERIENCE. 

$to.oo 
is saved by each UCSD student who buys a monthly San Diego Transit pass from 
Centrdl Cashier's-makes 'em Rideshare Program eligibile too! (619) 534-RIDE 

J' UCSD ! parking. l<csd.edl< 
UNIVERSITY OF CAUFORNIA SAN DIEGO TRANSPORTATION & PARKIN G SERVICES 

Brought to you by •.. ,?H.E.E.R~S UCSD 



6 OPINION 
M 

SUMMER INTERNSHIPS 
Employers surveyed said that 50% of new grads hi r d la t 
year had intcrn -hip experience. These employers aJso aid 
th y wish ed internship exp erien e would b come 
mandatory! 
The Academic lateraship Program is her to 
hclp ... we offer an opportunity to get praeti al experien e 
and cours credit at the same time. Found your own 
internship? Make it a formal part of your tr nscript. 
Appli cations for summer in ternships will be ac epted 
th rough 5/22. Eligibility r quirements arc: 90 un it·, 2.-
OPA, 2 uppcr division o urses, and 2 quarters at C D. 
Fall appli cations wi ll be acccpted 5/4-5/22 and 8/3-9/ 11 . 
Office: Room 3255 Literature Bldg. Phoae: 534-4·355 
Hours: M, T, Th, F 8am to noon and I pm to 4; 

\IV- 8am to Ipm 

UTIFUL SMILES MADE HERE 

• White Fillings, Porcelain Crowns & 
Veneers , Bonding 

• Teeth Whitening, Safe & Effect ive 
• Straighten Teeth with Clear 

Bra~Retainers 
• Oral Surgery, Root Canal Therapy, 

Periodontal Care 
• 24 Hour Emergency Care 
• Complimentary Cosmetic Video 

Imaging 

The UCSD Guardian 

GAMES: 
There is more to life 
than playing games 
ContInued from pag. 4 
players of this apparenl ly fascinat-
i ng technological feat. 

My eyes tar1ed hlurring so I 
decided it was time to venture out-
, ide the freshman dorm, but even 
the upperclassmen had this obses-
sion ingrained in their dai ly rou-
tines. 

I recently went to a pany where 
the guys were playing drunken 
laser tag in the street. I then rea l-
ized that I must be forever cursed 
to endure the video-game culture. 
All I can say is, STOP THE 
INSANITY ! I guess after four 
years of praying for the day when 
these games wou ld lose their 
allure, I might as well give up and 
accept thi s never-ending phenome-
non. 

I do have one question for all 
you digitized freaks: Why? Why 
must you torture us girls who 
would like to spend som~ nice. 
quality time with you? Why can' t 
you just politely nip the power 
switch off and then tum it back on 
when no one is looki ng? Since no 
one has successfully answered my 
questions, I will impose my own 
view on the malter. 

I thou_ dating 
guys older than me 
would solve my 
problem. However, 
both my Junior- and 
senior-year 
boyfriends Insisted 
that I watch them 
laboriously play 
"Duke Nukem" on 
their new, fully 
upgraded 
computers. 

After nights of lying awake in 
deep thought , I have determined 
that video games allow ma les to 
dominate, to feel in control -
superior to those around them. In a 
world - or shall I say college set-
ting - governed by bookworm 
professors and grueling assign-
ments , video games offe r freedom 
to the repressed mind. With the lit-
tle plastic controller in thei r hand, 
the fates of the characters lie with-
in a touch of a bulton. 

This is why guys become so 
upset and heartbroken when they 
lose or die, throwing childlike 
tantrums. Let's just say that the 
proverbial phallus has been ripped 

Thursday, May 14, 1998 

away, stripping them of their digni -
ty. and manhood. To fee l so dis-
traught over losing (after all boys, 
it ;s just a game) must mean that 
thi s sort of competi tion represents 
something larger than we fa th-
omed, something which points to 
one's manhood. 

What other ext racurricular 
activity allows one to get away 
with murder or complete and utter 
arrogance wi thout suffering the 
consequences other than pissing-
off a best frie nd whose game you 
just ended'! These video games -
like it or not - allow boys to be 
boys, running arou nd in complete 
thrall to their hormones. 

After a long day of tedious 
classes that reduce men to just 
another face in a packed lecture 
hall , games give boys the power to 
rise abo ve it all , becoming king of 
the world, clai ming victory over 
all those who dare stand in their 
way. 

After pondering over ways to 
eradicate Nintendo and Sega, I 
have concluded that there are 
worse things that boys could be 
doing in their spare time. So gi rls, 
the next ti me you get frustrated and 
want to storm out of the room in 
utter despair, remember that at least 
it 's a video game and not a "her" 
that stands in the way of you and 
your male counterparts. 

• Dental Implants to Replace: Missing 
Teeth, Loose Fitting Partials and 
Dentures (FOAApproved) some poeple caD it light """, hi your bead. 

• Ask us about No Drills & No Needles!! 

-I 007~~~sl~~~~:d 
---------------

I 
Cosmetic &: 

tic Evaluation: 
$125 value 

COMPLIMENTARY 
---______ 1 

The TestMasters LSAT Course Includes: 
• 80 hours of live, In-class Instruction 
• Instructors who have all scored In the 991h 

percentile on the actual LSAT 
• Student helpllne open 25 hours each week 
• Licensed use of all real LSAT questions 
• Four full-length proctored diagnostic tests 
• Competitive cost - $950 

With our innovative Master of Arts in Christian Education 
(M.A.CE.) Program, you meet once a week for three years, 
with summers off, and earn the degree you need. Consider 
it your weekLy youth activity. 

---_.-
• Integrates truth with culture and develops a philosophy 

oj lifelang selVice to Christ. 
o Promotes the understanding oj youth through firsthand experience 

and reality·based learning. 
o Brings you in con trod with such influential Christian leaders 

as Lourie Polich, a member oj our faculty and Youth Speoalties 
Natural Resource Seminafl, and Jim Bums. president and faunder. 
Notional Institute aJ Youth Ministry and one of APU'5 many partners. 

Get Your Hostel's Degree 
Without Giving Up Your Hinistry! 

'1 AZiUNalIC 
,. u .. , V E " • , T T 

11 •• , :" ••• __ , •• .-. 

The UCSD Guardian 7 

Pacific Bell is working with the California Public Utilities Commission, so that we can provide long 

distance service to Californians. Why? Because we want you to have a better choice in long distance 

companies. So this is what we at Pacific Bell Long Distance intend to do: we promise to provide the same 

high,quality, friendly service that you've received for local. We promise to offer simple, competitive 

rates for everyone. We promise we won't bug you with gimmicks or fine print or funny math. And we 

promise to make things easy, by creating a convenient source for all your local and long distance needs. 

We promise, we will be a different kind of long distance company. 



8 OPINION The UCSD Guardian 

THE UCSD BOOKSTORE 

... 

~f.ter for 
.., ,- Mexica n 

utlie s 

Sum:rn.er ... 
Cuya:rn.aca! 

You're just a hop. skip, and a jump from a college that's growing in Leaps and bounds. Enjoy 
lush tree-lined quads and brand new tennis courts, fitness center and jogging faci tities white 
you pick up a transferable general educat ion course. And, Cuyamaca is still only $13 per 
unit. Below is a list of courses that may be taken at Cuyamaca in place of SDSU courses. 
Check with a counselor to confirm equivalency information . 

CLASSES BEGIN JUNE 22 THROUGH AUGUST l ' 
CUYAMACA COLLEGE COURSE CUYAMACA COLLEGE COURSE 

ART 11< . DRAWING I MATH 160 . ELEMENTRY STATISTICS 
0102 9;00AM · 12:40 MTWTH Al07 3.0 UNITS 1090 8;00AM . 10.25 MTW El05 3.0 UNITS 

ASTR 110· DESCRIPTIVE ASTRONOMY & 8:00 AM . 1 ~25 TH LAC 
0150 6;00 PM- 8;<0 WI GI20 3.0 UNITS MUS 110 · GREAT MUSIC LISTENING ASTR 112· GENERAL ASTRONOMY LABORATORY 1175 !1:00AM . 12;40 TIH 0100 3.0 UNITS 
01 52 6:00PM · 9:40 TIH GI20 1.0 UNTS PHIL 110 . GENERAL INTAO TO PHILOSOPHY 

BOO 130 · GENERAL 8IQ.OGY I 1350 8;00AM . 11 :<0 J.fN 0100 3.0 UNITS 
0311 8:00 AM · 9:<5 MTWTH El03 3.0 UNITS PE 009 · AEROBIC DANCE EXERCISE 

8110 131 . GENERAL BIOLOGY I LABORATORY 
"00 5;3OPM . 6;40 MTWTH A205 1.0 UNITS 

0356 10:00 AM . 11:IS J.lTWTH Bl03 10 UNITS PE OlgA . BEGINNltlG PHYSICAl. FITNESS 
0357 12:00 PM · 1:45 MTWTH BHlIl 1.0UI>ITS 1413 6;00AM · 7:45 MTWTH Aloo 1.5 UNITS 

BUS 120 . FINANCIAL ACCOLf>lTINO 1412 12:00I'M . 1:<5 MiWrH Rloo 1.5 UNITS 0412 5"00 PM . 9"45 TIH £111 • o UNITS PE 0198 . INTERMEDIATE PHYSICAl. FlrNESS 
BUS 125 · BUSINESS LAW 1415 8"00AM · 7:41 MTWTH Rloo 15 UNITS 

0415 8.00I'M ·9.40 TIH EI07 3.0 UNITS "14 12:00I'M · 1:45 MTWTH Aloo 1.5 UNITS 
co 125 · CHILO GAOWTH AND DEVELOPMENT PE 07SA · BEGNNIOO TENNIS 

040II 800AM · 9"5 MTWTH Nl10 3"0 UNITS .. ~ 5:00I'M . 8:40 MTWTH TC 1.0 UNITS 
ECON 120 · PAINCIPlES Of MACROECONOMICS PE 0768 · INTERMEDIATE TENNIS 

0640 6.00I'M · 9 40 TIH 0106 3.0 UNITS 1428 ~OOI'M . 6:40 MTWTH TC 1.0 UNITS ECON 121 . PRINCIPlES Of MICAOECONOMICS POSe 121 .INTROTO US. OOIT & POLITICS 
0642 8.00AM . 11 '40 MW 0106 lOUNITS 1620 8;()(W.t · 11:40 TIH 0114 l OUNITS 

EOOL 122·INTAOOUCTION TO LITERATURE PSY 120 · INTRODUCTORY PSYCHOLOGY 
om 8'lOAM . 12.10 TTH 01011 l .OUNITS 1650 ~OOAM · 11:40 TIH 0111 l .O UNITS 
on6 TBA TV 0101 l.OUNITS 1654 3:00PM ·6.5O MW El06 3.0 UNITS ENGL 120 . INTAOOUCTION TO LITERATURE 1651 6"00I'M . 8:40 MW 011 l "O UNITS 
ono 800AM ·10:25 MTWTH EII2 3.0 UNITS 1652 TSA TV EII3 3.0 UNITS 

ENOL 12< . '''''ANCEO COMPOSITION SOC 120 ·INTRODUCroRY SOCIOLOGY 
one 8 OOAM · 1 ~25 MTWTH Ell! 3.0 UNITS 1760 S:OOAM • 11:40 MW EI06 lO UNITS GEOG 120 · ELEMENTS Of PHYSICAL GEOGRAPHY 1762 TBA TV 0111 l 0 UNITS 
0850 800 AM · 1140 TIH GI20 30UNITS SI\\NI 20 · SI\\NISH I 

GEOG I!O · HUMAN AND Cl.I.TUIW. GEOGRAPHY 1800 800AM · 1I'OO MIWTH 0116 so UNITS 
oe52 600PM ·9'0 MW 0106 30UNITS 1801 600PM .g 00 MTWTH 0116 50 UNITS 

HlST 1 II· MODERN v.ooLO HISTORY SI\\N121 SPANISH II 
0950 600Ph,4· 9 40 MW 0113 UUNITS 1810 12 OOPM · lOO MTWTH 0116 50 UNITS HISI 120 . EARLY AMERICAM CIVILLIZAIION 1811 TBA TIlA TBA 50 UNITS 0952 8 OOAM . 11 40 MW 0114 l OUNITS SP>lN 220 . SP>lNISH III 

HIST 121· MODERN AMERICAN CIVILIZATION 1820 TSA TIlA TSA 5.0 UNITS 
0955 600PM·9'0 MW Oil' 30 UNITS SI\\N 221 . SI\\NISH IV HISI 140 . EARLY WESIERN CIVILIZATION 1825 rBA TSA TBA 50 UNITS 
0950 600PM ·9<0 TTH 0 114 )OUNITS SP>lN 250 · CONVERSATIONAL SI\\NISH 

HUMIIO PRINCIPlES or THE HUMANITES 1830 TIlA TBA TBA lOUNITS 
1000 600PM 9'0 TTH 011 . 30 UNITS SI\\N 251 CONVEASATIONAL SPANISH MATH 170 ANALYTIC TRIGONOMETRY 1840 TBA TIlA TIlA 30 UNITS 1092 8 00AM · 11 4() TTH PI16 )OUNITS SPCH 122 . ORAL COMPOSITION AND OELWERY 

MATH 175 · COLLEGE ALGEBRA 1855 800AM · "'0 TIH 0113 30 UNITS 1104 600I'M ·940 MW 0104 30UNITS 1856 600M· g40 MW 0108 lOUNITS 

(Q C U Y A M A C A C 0 L 1 E G E tie, l(J.btio eotfe!,~ tiat l ee& a bit If(tJt<'e It<'IiJ.ate 
! 900 Rancho San Diego Parkway, EI Cajon, CA 92019-4304 
~"I A I phone 660-4000 or LA MEit' 660-4444 for InformatIon on TV courses 

CAU. 
00""0 

u """ .. GROY[ 

-=--~ 
UCSD 

www-bookslore.ucsd.edu 

G"OSSlAONf·CUYA" ACA COMMUN TV COLLEGE O'STRICT GOVERNING BOARD Rebeec. L :iI" • Ronald 0 Krall ' Gary Kendr,c> 
A,c-hlre! 0 AlfJa f D. Tem Ithy l Caruthers · Jlanne l Athe!lon Ed 0 Chanee!!')' . $J'1efT'U l Amide' Ed 0 PI,SlaeO! Cuyama:a CoHOOt 

Thursday, May 14, 1998 

$EINFELD: 
Don't look now, 
there's a George ! 
Continued from .,.,e 5 
Koala . This guy doesn' l know 
when 10 qui t. No one likes a 
brown-noser, and no one likes a 
George .. 

Advantages : M aking fun of 
him passes the time in a boring lec-
lure, IOO-percenl guaranleed . 

Drawbacks: Mark my words. 
he will ge t a better grade Ihan you. 
He's slick l ike that. 
Elaine Benes 

Have you ever been 10 a party 
and seen Ihis gor~eous girl , bUI 
then you saw her -dance and were 
completely turped o ff? ei ther 
have I. I want Julia Loui s-Dreyfus 
and I 'm not afraid to admil it. 

Advantages: Just look at her. 
Drawbacks: She's a li ch, mar-

ried actress. II won' t happen. Ever. 
(If you're Oul there, Jul ia, and 
you're lired of your washed-up, 
has-been comedi'an o f a hushand, 
you can reach me c/o the Gua rdian. 
Please.) 
Cosmo Kramer 

Who doesn' t know a Kramer? 
He (or she) is the roommate from 
hell we've all had at some point in 
our college careers. He borrow 
things without asking. He never 
puts them back. He eats your food. 
He never offers to pay you back for 
anything. He always needs you to 
drive him somewhere. He's always 
around. He wa lks in without 
knocking. He smells funny. 

Then again, he might be that 
one person you know who, despite 
having no known emp loyment, 
always has money. no mailer the 
circumstance. Creepy, isn' t it? 

A dvantages: Will build your 
ego. Making fun o f his quirky 
nature wi ll provide hours of enter-
tainment. 

Drawbacks: May some day 
become ruler of the free world. 
May incarcerate you for treason. 
Newman 

What's thi s guy's deal, anyway? 
He's a conniving little man wi th no 
l ife. He thinks his job is the best in 
the world, even though people are 
always yelling at him and com-
plaining. He always wants to spoil 
everyone's plans and delights in 
other people's mi sery. Just like ... 
the UC Regents! 

Advantages: ?7? 
Drawbacks: Will deny you a 

footba ll team - over and over and 
over again. 

There it is - UCSD's version 
of our friends from " Seinfeld." So 
when you walch tonight, try not to 
be too depressed. Staning Friday 
morning, remember that we've got 
al l of our favorile (or otherwi se) 
characters ri ghl here in La Jolla. 
And for those of you who arc 
choosing not 10 watch the most sig-
nili c;'"t TV event since man 
walked on the moon .... 

No soup for you! 

Thursday, May 14, 1998 

BUDGET: 
UCSA receives 
additional funding 
ConUnued from _. 1 
to the positive result of the fee refer-
endum - 69 percent of voting stu-
dent - as evidence of broad sup-
pon for the what Commissioner of 
Academic Affairs Oliver BUllerick 
called a "solid proposilion." 

Another area of contention was 
Ihe council 's decision to keep the 
Committee for World Democracy 
(CWD) as a line ilcm wilhin Ihe 
budget. In last week's finance com-
mittee hearing, CWD requested 
Ihal the committee recommend 
making the organization its own 
catcgory instead of a line item in 
the fi sca l pl an. CWD members 
believed that thi s status would 
assure them annual - instead of 
quarterl y - fund ing allocations. 

Budget ca tegories, such as 
Student Organizations Unallocated 
- the area which CWD currently 

LIBRARY: 
More computers 
will be available. 
Continued from _. 3 
40,OOO-volume book and a 160-
subscription periodi cal collection 
focused on servi ng the needs of the 
first- and second-year students, a 
distance learning facility and a tra-
ditional cl assroom, Lucas said. The 
Playback Center will be perma-
nent ly relocated to Ihe Geise l 
Library. 

According to Lucas, the exterior 
of Galbraith Hall will remain 

falls under - group simi lar types 
of activities that the A.S. funds. A 
line i tem is a subdivision wi thin a 
category. 

The counci l voted to keep CWD 
as a line item, but included a provi-
sion that the group receive funding 
on an annual basis. 

Last year, the council listed CWO 
as a line item under the Student 
Organizations Unallocated category. 
However. in previous years, CWD 
; las been its own category. 

According to CWO members 
who spoke at last night's meelings, 
this precedent - as well as their 
unique nature - makes them deserv-
ing of their own category. 

"CWD has worked successfully 
at UCSD for Ihe lasl 20 years, and 
it 's been successful because it has 
been its own [categoryl ," CWD 
member Jose Macall said. ''This 
status has given us a solid base." 

M aca ll sa id he believed that 
restori ng CWD 10 category status 
would nOI harm the council. 

" I don' t think it would be a big 

largely unchanged. 
" Almost all of the work is 

inside," she sa id. "They' re j ust 
going to gut the inside." 

Although renovation plans were 
drawn up in 1994. fundi ng prob-
lems delayed the project unti l now. 

' 'The money for thi s building 
had 10 be voted in on a bond initia-
ti ve on the ballot, and what hap-
pened is. for severa l cycles it 
fai led," Lucas said. 

" We've just been waiting for Ihe 
ballot initiati ve to pass, and finally in 
the last election it did, 0 then were 
able lO move ahead," she added. 

In addition to the physical reno-

The UCSD Guardian 

problem to get our old position," he 
said. "A.S. wi ll have the same 
responsibi lities. It would j ust give 
use peace of mind." 

Leventhal and other counci l 
members said that making CWO a 
separate category would nOl assure 
the group's fi nancial security, 
because fUlure A.S. councils can 
always change the location as well 
as the type of allocation. 

The council al so agreed 10 
increase the amount Ihat Ihe A.S. 
sends to Ihe University of 
California Student Assoc ialion 
(UCSA) 25 cents. to $1.75 per slu-
denl , a change wh ich proponents 
say will help Ihe organizat ion 10 
provide beller services to studenls. 

The increase was mel wi lh 
opposition from a number of coun-
cilmembers. many of whom said 
Ihey believed Ihal UCSD should 
wait before it increases Ihe amounl 
to see if other UC ludenl govem-
ments make similar changes. 

Senior Staff Wril('f Jessym 
Wallace also COlllribwed to this story. 

va l ion of the Undergraduale 
Lihrary, L ucas said librarians plan 
10 renovate its services through a 
new program called the 
Undergradu ale Services Focus 
Group, Lucas said . 

Lucas said that the group's goal 
is to determine what library ser-
vices undergraduate students need 
in order to obtain better grades and 
complete homework assignments. 

According to Lucas, the group 
will provide its recommendalions 
by December 1998 so that Ihe 
libraries wi ll have a year to budget 
for those services before the reno-
valion is complete. 

NEWS 9 

"QUALITY THAI WITH A CLASSY SETTING" 
• TIt, Ud,.u".,. L",., 

rill APPROVED (tJI Unknown Eater 
';THAI SELECTIONS ARE EXCELLENT" . 

HOT BASIL ts SUPERB" 

"T HAI CURRY DISHES ARE GOOD AND SO 
ARE THE SPICY RICE AND NOODLES" 

Lunch Special $595 
• Til,. Slm 0''',1('' U",m,-T,,"wl«, 

Dinner Entrees 
start at $ 6 95 

. • we specialize in catering . 
open datl,Y for lunch and dinner (sunday, dinner only) 
7734 -c girard avenue · downt0':Vn la jolla • 456-0466 

WlCfo ,fo0f.(fo. 
E:xciuSive a ll'f'.-eC fol' Stude ntS 

Special ah'fa.-eS fol' faculty & staff 
Student. and budget tou~ 

Ttavel geal' and guidebookS 
WOl'k atJ.l'Oad pl'ogl'an,S 

E:xPel't tl'avel advice 
Tl'avei \nSUl'ance 

Youtlt boStel n,en,beI'Sb\pS 
E:ul'aUPa'.es iSSued on the s potl 

Inti student. Youth & teacbel' 1.0. cal'llS 

FREE PRE-MED SEMINAR 
thing You Always Wanted To Know About 

..:.n". .... • g Into And Surviving Medical School 
But Were Afraid To Listen To" 

Featuring Guest Speaker 

Louise Howard 
UCLA School of Medicine 

Admissions Committee Member 
Program Director 

Student Academic Support Program 

Wednesday, May 20th, 1998 at 6:00 pm • In Garren Auditorium 
sponsored by 

.JIIr' ___ "'-_ __ _ I.~ ...... -
"I'I=~-CIP" 

-""'!:# 
M edical division o f THE PRINCETON R E V IEVV 



10 NEWS The UCSD Guardian 

3 Rai rs of color 
DISPOSABLES * 

Free color variety packs for light 
or dark eyes when you buy 12 
pairs of FreshLook~ clear 
disposabes. (6-mo. supply) 

Exam, follow-up, solutions, $14 9 
6 mo_ of FreshLooks® Clear, 
3-pair Rainbow variety pack. 

Alter hAtrs. 
$40 rebate 

DAILY WEAR EXTENDED WEAR ROIERT HIWI. 0 D_ • STEVEN TAYMAN. 0 .0. COSTA VERDE CENTER 
8650 GENESEE AvE. ST(. 220 $89** $99** (619)452-7374 

FASHION VALLEY CENTER 
NEAl Sus fiFTH AVENUE COMPLETE 2 PAIRS B&L FW (619)295-0537 ., AU special. includo Ion ... , exam. eyoca .. kit and follow up vi,,!. 

A.tigmatic lon.o. higher. Not yolid ,,,th any other oHer. 

This is the opportunity of a life time to travel 
and make money. Qualify as a Daewoo Campus 
Advisor and get a FBEE. trip· to Korea. Then 
you' 11 be at the cenrer of a unique marketing 
program that will launch Daewoo into the U.S 
market during 1998.** 

From the moment. you arrive in Seoul, Korea 
this summer your days will be crammed full of 
exciting, new experiences. You11 see Daewoo prod-
ucts, visit Daewoo production facilities and enjoy 
Korean culture. The "Discover Daewoo" program 
is an experience you'll never forget. 

OH ... "1'''. 8/31/98. M·F 10·7, SAT. 10-6 ' I'v ONIYI SUN. 11 ·6 

Then when you return to 
'College as a Daewoo Campus 

Advisor~** you11 have the oppor-
tunity to earn money and purchase 
a new Daewoo car at a substantial dilcount. 

Help build a new car company by helping us 
market Daewoo cars during your spare time. 

• Comp/<'" rktruh will be provi<kd 01 a /""" dnlL 
•• Ruk. 0( thh Pf"061"OI" m4.,Y UClry to com* With vonouA 1tt1~ rrgulatwn& 
••• S./qrd to diilobilily and quo/&/iMtion& 

Thursday, May 14, 1998 

FORUM: 
Center would work 
with Women's Center 
ContInUed froM ..... 1 
the Women 's Center," Archibald 
said. 

"A a part of our proposal, we 
want a full time director, a pro-
gramming staff, interns and work -
study students to run the center," 
she added. 

Revelle junior Scott Heath, co-
chairofCACLGBTl and a member 
of the LGBTA, said he believes the 
proposed center should have a paid 
staff. 

"The directors of the current 
(Cross Cultural and Women's 
Centers] do a great deal of other 
things besides running their respec-
tive centers," Heath said. 'They can 
only accompli sh what they have 
accomplished with the help of a 
staff. 

Archibald said that most pro-
grams put on by the LGBTA are 
run by volunteers. 

Although they reali ze that get-
ting a space on campus may be 
very difficult, the proposed center's 
advocates would like it to be in a 
ccntral-Iocation. 

"We want an independent space, 
not an ortice in some building ," 
Heath said. " I\ 's important that the 
center is not a part of something, 
but rather a separate entity." 

According to Archibald, central-
izing the center would make it con-
venient and also give it visibility. 

"!t's very important for people 
who are just coming out to be able 
to walk by such a place," Archibald 
said . 

According to the most recent 
working draft of the proposa l, the 
proposed LGBT resource center 
would provide the lesbian , gay, 
bisexual and transgender commu-
nity at UCSD with support, coun-
se ling information, referrals and 
safety for those who are "out" or 
are "coming oul." The proposed 
center would be a place for 
LGBT students to meet others 
who could identify with their 
experiences. 

"The campus does need a 
LGBT resource center to adequate-
ly support the needs of the LGBT 
students, staff and faculty mem-
bers," Archibald said. "There are 
speci fic areas of need in the LGBT 
community that aren't being met 
by the current faculties. 

"The Cross Cultural Center and 
the Women's Center are very sup-
portive of the idea of the new cen-
ter," Archibald added. 

Archibald said the proposed 
LGBT resource center would be a 
compliment to the Cross Cultural 
Center and the Women's ·Center. 

Archibald also said that she 
believes the new proposed center 
would help draw a more diverse 
student body to UCSD. 

'1"he new center would be good 
for community outreach and visi -
bility," she said . "It is also good for 
the first-year LGBT tudents 
because they don't know where to 
go. 

Currently, Archibald said the 
g roups plan to give Dynes the for-
mal propo al by the end of the 
summer. If approved , the center 
would open in 1999 or 2000 . 

"So far, there has been no 
protest or opposition ," Archibald 
said . "We have many supporters 
and allies here in the UCSD com-
munity and within the San Diego 
community as well." 

For further information, visit 
http://orph(!lIs.lIcsd.tdulcaclgbi. 

SOC1ALO\STO~T\ON 

THEI=IOOTS 

SCHEOULEOFEVENTS 

O. FROST 

it's time 
again for 

ucsd to pay 
to the homage 

Brendan C8h11l/GUardi~'8n~i~~~~t... sun .god. 

SUN30iJLOVE 11 

SUNGOOSPO~TS 

L;:;HTSANOSII=1ENS 

NOTTHEM! 

ANOPENLETTER 

• • 



12 SUN GOD SPECIAL The UCSD Guardian 
Thursday, May 14, 1998 

-----------------~~---------------

FOR AT THE J 18TH 6PM 

old-school oran~e county punks wear their hearts on 
their sleeves and are ready to r ock the sun god festival 

MEETING TN .com:ERENCE ROOM By Scott Yager 
Co-Hiatus Editor AT THE STUDENT GENTER 

OFFICER PeSlnONS 
PRESt DENT • VP FINANC E 

VP INTERNAL 
VP EXTERNAL 

VP ACADEMIC AFFAIRS 
CAMPUS OFFICE DIRECTOR 

LET'YOURVOICE BE 
HEARD! TELL YOUR 

REP TO VOTE! 
C ALL TH E GSA OFFICE FOR 

MORE INFO AT 5346504 

Well , it 's that time again - the 
annual Sun God Festival, UCSD's 
biggest party of the year. Though 
the festival features a host of 
booths and entertainment th rough-
out the day, the main attra: tion is 
the evening concert , which will be 
headlined thi · year by Social Dis-
tortion. 

--------------- .. 

Formed in 1979 in Orange 
County, Socia l Di stortion have 
remained one of the most popular 
bands ever to come out of the '70s 
punk movement. The band's music 
is a blend of rOl.;kabilly and punk, 
delivered wi th an urgency and 
power that has fueled the band 
si nce its inception. 

COMPUTER RENTAL 
& INTERNET ACCESS 

Bnng thlS coupon to the Klflko's listed ~ow nd fKt l'lt 
$()IJ, off on-\Ile MK & IBM bnUl .. nd !nttllwl Ac:c~s. 

kinko·s$ 
8849 Villa La Jolla Dr., La Jolla, CA (619) 457·3715 

Lead l>inger/guitarist Mike 
Ness' lyrics offer a glimpse into the 
soul of a man who has been to hell 
and back and has kept on going. 
The band's 1996 album , White 
Lighl White Heat White Trash , fea -
tures emotionally raw tales of 
Ness' rebellious youth, drug addic-
tions and broken promises. 

Social Distortion were formed 
by Ness and guitarist Dennis 
Dam:1I while the two were in high 
schoo l. The band's current lineup 
also includes bassist John Maurer 
and drummer Chuek Biscuits. 

Many bands now try to emulate 
Social Distortion's swagger, but 

courtesy of 550 Music/ Frank OCkenfels 
Ball ... C .... n: Social Distortion will headline the 1998 Sun God 
Festival with The Roots and d.fRost. 
few can live up to the band's past. and put us in a little field interroga-

In a 1997 interview with the tion catalog. They really fe lt that 
Guordian, Danell said, "When [ we were a threat to their main-
was a kid and we wa lked down the stream, safe society. 
street with blue hair or something "Now, everywhere you go you 
like that , the police wou ld actually ee someone with some weird hair-
pull over and take a picture of us See SOCIAL D, Page 23 

ATTENTION CQAD UATE 0: 
YCS;]) AI! Campu6 Commencement Ceremon'j 

June 14, 1998 10:00am 

maximum 0/ jeven lichelj per graJuafinLj jenior. 
J/,urffood ma.rJ/'all College and £leanor Roojevelt Colleffe 

pich up 'Jour lichefJ ma'J 1" 12, 13. 
John muir College *, c.arl Wa,.ren College, and Roffer Revelle College 

pich up 'Jour lichelj mal} 1 B, 19,20. 

Thursday, May 14, 1998 The UCSD Guardian SUN GOD SPECIAL 13 

----------------~~r-----------------

1rM 
philadelphia-based ~roup brin~s its miX of hip-hop and 

jazz to make the sun ~od festival groove 
5 X 7 • $21 permo. 
5 X 8 • $23 permo. 

With student I.D. No security deposit. 
No admin. fee . Upstairs units . Other sizes 
available. Outdoor car storage available. 

9780 Candida St. 588-3881 

London .................. $689 
Courtesy of Geffen Records/ Michael LeVine 

The Roots: (From left) Hub, Black Thought , Kamal, ?uestlove, Rahzel the Godfather of Noyze and 
Paris ...................... $782 

Rome ... .......... ........ S906 

M.adrid .................. $882 Malik B. The group will play the Sun God Festival tomorrow night. 
By Sean Rallimi The Sun God Festival is back 
Senior Staff Mtfter thi s Friday featuring Social Distor-

How mlJlY readers !:an flash tion, The Roots ana d.fRost. This 
back to last year's Sun Ood Festi- year's concert does not have the 
val? It looked as though it would name appeal of previous head lin-
turn out to be a great night , ers, but it looks very promising. 
capped off by a performance by One aet that is sure to make 
veteran rap group Dc La Soul. some noise is the hip-hop/jazz 
The group ' eminent appearance group, The Roots. The Philadel-
had generated a lot of buzz phia-based group features a drum-
throughout the week. While die- mer, bass player, keyboard player, 
hard hip-hop fans soaked up the a hom seclion and two singers. The 
set, many UCSD students could fact that this rap group play li ve 
be seen leav ing the stage arca. It instruments goes a long way to 
wasn' t the best performance, to show the immense talent it pos-
say the least. sesses. 

With three albums under its 
collective belt, the group has come 
into its own since its 1996 effort, 
//Iadelph Halflife. The sing le, 
"Never Do What They Do ," 
achieved modest success, but. The 
Roots' concept has not fu Il y 
caught on - somcthing the group 
admits 10 on the last track or 
lIIadelph. 

Mainstrea m praise, howeve r, 
docs not necessari Iy equate to good 
music. It 's true that hip-hop has 
become more mainstream in the 
past year or so, but that is largely 

See ROOTS, Page 23 

Frankfurt ............... $862 Athens .................. S993 
. "~ 

., 

.. ,~iinclu<le tall which fUllS an ..... 0 ' 110: " 
CSI '1011560~ " 

STA TRAVU ... 
TltE WORLD'S 
IARGm STUD£NT 

(800) 777-0112 Si/j 
STA TRAVEL 

TRAVU OIGAlfIZATlON. We'", beea lIIent. 

BOOK YOUR TICKET ONLINE T: 
WWW.STA-TRAVEl.COM 

THURS, MAY 14 8:30 PM 
~UprRSUCKrRS 
With L11 RO(IIR & lURK St IAMIS 

SAT. MAY 169:1 5 PM 
LUCY'S FUR COAT ~ ~() 8:l0 pfA 
with CONVOY ~~ 

SAT. MAY 309:15 PM 
DIGITAL 
UNDERGROUND 
with SLAPIAI 

For Info 
" Tickets (619)481-8140 

~~~ 



14 SUN GOD SPECIAL The UCSD Guardian 
Thursday. May 14, 1998 

----------------------------~~--------------------------

~~ 
sun ~od isn't just about the concert and ~ettin~ wa sted - there's other stuff, 

11 a.m. - 4 p.m. 
Booths open on Sun God Lawn and Library Walk 
Orpnlutlona on Sun God ~n: 

ASME. Alpha Epsi lon Pi . 
Archery Club at UCSD. Asian 
Youth Outreach Project, Ballroom 
Dance Club. Cal-Animage Beta. 
Campus Crusade for Christ. 
Catholic Student Community, Chi-
nese Student Association, College 
Republicans, C.O.R.E., Darkstar. 
Environmenlal Coalition at UCSD. 
'Equestri an Team. FLOR. Greek 
Life, Hawaii Club. Hong Kong 
Student Association, ICRA, Jug-
glers at UCSD, Kaibigang Pilipino, 
Laotian Student Organization, 
LGBTA. Panhellenic/lFC, Persian 
Club, Phi Alpha Delta, Pi Kappa 
Phi , Pre-Dental Society, Pre-
Optometry Student Organization, 
Rotaract, Sangam, Sigma Kappa, 
Society for Creative Anachronism, 
Student Health Advocates, Thai 
Culture Club, The Salirieon. Triton 
Cheer & Stunt, Triton Dance Team. 
UCSD Cycling Team. UCSD Sail-
ing Team, UCSD Women 's Rugby, 
UCSD Women's Soccer, UCSD 
Women's Ultimate Disc, United 
Taiwanese Association, Volleyba ll 
Club at UCSD. Wilderness Club. 

~Io" on Ubr.y Walk: 
AIM. Alpha Kappa Psi, Alpha 

Sigma Omega, AMSA. Amnesty 
International, APSA, Armenian 
Student Association. Bahai Club, 
Ballroom Dance Team. Calpirg, 
Campus Watch. Chicano !Latinos 
for Creat ive Medicine, Child 
Abuse Awareness, Circle K, Col-
lege Democrats, Com pas. Golden 
Key National Society. Harvest 
Christian Fellowship. Hindu Stu-
dents Council , Hong Kong Student 
A sodation. Indonesian Student 
Association, Kappa Zeta Phi, The 
Koala. Korean American Campus 
Mission, Lambda Phi Epsilon. 
MECHA. Mu Alpha Theta. Muir 
Residence Council, Muir Quarter-
ly, Muslim Student Association. 
National Society of Black Engi-
neers, Nikkei Student Union, Nu 
Alpha Kappa, P.A.S.S.. Phi 
Gamma Delta, Pi Kappa Alpha. 
Pilipino Association for Health 
Careers, RISC, Scuba Club, Soci-
ety of Hispanic Professional Engi-
neers, TMC Dean 's Office, Union 
of Iewish Students, Vietnamese 
Student Association. 

Schedule of Entertainment 
The following acts will perform during 
the daytime events 
1O".ao .. m. 
11:11 a.m. 
11:10 •. m. 
11:41 a.m. 
12:00 p.m. 
1:10 p.m. 
1:15 p.m. 
1:30 p.m. 
2:30 p.m. 
3:15 p.m. 
3:30 p.m. 

UCSD Pep Band 
The Jugglers at UCSD 

Triton Dance Team 
Triton Twirl Flags 
Greensboro Lane 

Triton Cheer & Stunt 
Triton Dance Team 

The Inspector 
Monkey Wagon 
Hawaiian Club 

Grandma 

Sun God Evening Concert 
At RIMAe Field, Gates open at 6:30 p.m. 

d.fRost 
o 

The Roots 
o 

Social Distortion 

too 

1998 SenloT Class Glft 
Help eTect the new TTlton statue 

S1ze .Does atteT 
.: =.:: ~::. --',:,. ~ 

Thursday, May 14, 1998 The UCSO Guardian 

battle of the bands winner to set the stage at 
the sun god evening concert with its eclectic sound 

courtesy or d.fRos! 
FroMy: Local band d.fRost will open the Sun God Festival evening concert. The jazzy, funk·based 
quartet won its spot on the bill after winning a competition of bands at The Stage. 

By Jeffrey Barker 
Staff Writer 

"Doors have been opening up 
for us left and right ." said Christian 
Cummings, bass player for d. fRost, 
this year's opening act at the Sun 
God Festival. As UCSD's largest 
all-campus annual music event, the 
Sun God evening concert may be 
the biggest door yet to open for this 
relatively new band. The way 
d.fRost got to this Friday's event is 
something like a car crash. 

" It just came together out of 
nowhere," said d., frontman for the 
outfit, remembering the recent for-
mation of his band. 

Afte[ recording a solo album. 
CommonShaman SuperViliian , a 
few months ago and playing a few 
parties with his keyboard and a 

drummer, the formation of the 
quintet now known by his 
"just happened so fast ," s . Ct; 

Just a few short mOlid\I~_" 
that, d.fRost was ij . 
streets of his newl~".l:tp 
Southern Californ' ." 

opening spot on un God ill. 
"We're somewhere bctweJu The 

Roots and Social DiItmti 'said 
Cummings. They ~ have been 
the perfect choice. 

"r play 99-percent improv based 
off the song," d. said of hi key-
board stylings, the band's dominant 
sound. Backed by turntables. bass, 
guitar and drums. the inherent ly 
jazzy. upbeat sound of the 1973 
Fender Rhodes keyboard is irnpos-

different styles;1, I"'c~Djjl;'f.1 
explained how he s '~az ns 
and bluesy craziness" to iive 'flip-
hop navor" to good oj' rock 'n' roll . 

The legendaty keyboard is not 
the only sound d. has in bis magic 
bag. Add harmonica. guitar, several 
obscure and antique organs. and 
singing to his arsenal, d. is like a 
modcm-day one-man-show. 

Since the change from a solo act 
into a band, the d.fRost sound has 

See D.FROST Page 25 

"" .. 11 •• f Ill' San tit .... 
c .... unlty c.u .... Di.lrid 

SUN GOD SPECIAL 1.5 

Ju t do it", for people who don't want to. 

Guardian Classifieds, Student Center, upstai rs 

---..1I!I..Ja....:.~ 0 P PO RlU N III E 5 
Salon 
Victor 

Magna's 
for your 

appointment 
today 

Spring!5ummer 
Collection '9a 

"',"I1,hl'JP Allenue 
9i!D37 

,,~_ J_ ....... j.;" •• , "' .... 
. ' .. ~ l ,~ .,;~.¥ 4JM h#;~~~M 

I UWH/~ 
J «_.' . ~ :~'#t~~ r.-. 

.H:fI:IIJ·~· H~'~ N 
, ~C-

Our Best Investments 
Are In Our Employees. 
Subscriber Services Associate: 
America's fastest growing newspaper is going to be on 
campus May 20, 1998 to conduct interviews. If you 
qUality for the open pOSition, sign up for an interview 
through Career Services. 

We are looking for someone who can spot the v-.tlue of an 
extensive training program in marketing and product 
education. Eligibility for monthly performance bonuses, 
opportunities to participate in various marketing programs, 
and travel are also available. 

Qualified applicants must have a 4 year college degree. 
If you are unable to interview May 20, bUI arc still interested 
in pursuing a career with us, fax or mail your resume to: 

Investor's Business Daily 
12655 Beatrice Street • Los Angeles, CA 90066 
Attention: College Recruiter • FAX: 310/823-7563 



16 FEAnJRES The UCSD Guardian Life on lhe Border 

The flow of 
undocumented 
immigrants 
into the 

Thursday, May 14, 1998 FEATURES 17 

"There are things 1 don 't like to remeber," says Enrique Castillo (right) . "The United States gave me the opportunity to fix my papers , but I lost it. Now it's too late. I blame myself: 

United States 
reflects 
California's 
need for 
low-skilled 
labor and 
people~ 
dreams for 
better lives 

Minutes away from the border, migrants walt next to a sign which 
advertises bus fares to different U.S. destinations. 

Continued from Page One 
fires and waiting to work up the 
nerve to make a dash for the border. 

began in 1994, scenes like thi s no 
longer exist. The goal of Gatekeeper 
(which just refers to efforts along the 
66 miles of the San Diego County 

There are no coyotes here; the 
men only need to ford the shallow 
river and hop one fence 
on the other side. If 
their timing is correct, 
they may be able to 
cross Interstate 5 and 
make their way toward 
the di scount-shopping 
outlets. There, they can 
easily blend in with the 
crowd, leaving the bor-
der patrol in the dust. 

There are no 
signs of the 
helicopters 

that rake the 
hills near the 
San Ysidro 

border 
checkpoint 
with broad 

beams of light. 
However; the 
coyotes know 

that the 
border patrol, 
la migra, has 
many new 

tricks. 

border), is to reduce 
immigration in urban 
areas and to force traf-
fic eas tward. Before 
Gatekeeper, an average 
of 500,000 people 
entered the United 
States through San 
Diego every year. 
According to Villareal , 
thi s figure decreased to 
283,000 in 1997 - a 
17-year low. 

Federal fund s 
allowed the Border 
Patrol to increase its 
manpower in San 
Diego from 900 to 
2,300 agents. Eighteen 
mi les of new fence 
were erected - includ-
ing the bollard fence , a 
$3-mi Ilion project. 
With its columns of 
concret.e spaced 6 inch-
es apart, the fence 

Four years ago, 
before the beginning of 
Operation Gatekeeper, 
hundreds of people 
congregated at this spot 
in Imperial Beach. Bor-
der Patrol agents Gloria 
Chavez and Roy" Vil -
larea l remember that 
crowds of migrants 
would throw rocks to 
antagoni ze them. 
Agents would go into 
hidin g, leading hun-
dreds of people to cross 
all at once. The 
migrants would run to the freeways 
for cover, often meeting dri vers who 
would smuggle them to Los Angeles. 

looks more like an art 
project th an a deterrent. However, 
according to Chavez, "the mere sight 
of it has discouraged people." 

Since Operation Gatekeeper In add ition to the increased agents 

and fencing, Gatekeeper added a 
plethora of new technology to the 
border patrol arsenal: 33 scopes with 
night-vision capabilities, over 700 
underground sensors and a computer 
system called !DENT, which tracks 
migrants by fingerprint and photo-
graph across the entire southwestern 
U.S . border. 

"We went from the prehistoric 
days of the Fl intstones to the Jetson 
era," Vill areal says. "Our most inno-
vative technology is lDENT. You 
can't deceive it." 

Despite the reduction of migrant 
crossings into the urban areas of San 
Diego, it is not clear that Gatekeeper 
has slowed the flow of migration 
either across the southwest border or 
into other parts of California. Since 
Gatekeeper, the San Diego border 
patrol has witnessed a shift eastward 
toward the Otay Mountains -
inhospitable terrain, brutally cold 
during the winter and oppressively 
hot and hum id in the summer. The 
number of migrant deaths indicate 
the hazards of these conditions: 24 in 
1995,36 in 1996 and 86 in 1997. 

According to Wayne Cornelius, 
director of programs and studies at 
UCS D's Center for U.S.-Mexican 
Studies, the migran t flow has moved 
toward the Imperial Valley. 

See IMMIGRAnON, Page 18 

STORY AND PHOTOS BY 
ClAIRE SCHNEIDER, PHOTO EDITOR 

At a construction site overlooking the border hills, a worker hauls cement. In Tijuana , it is not hard to find unskilled jobs, 
although they rarely pay more than $5·6 a day. . 

((We went from the prehistoric days of the Flintstones to the 
Jetson era. Our most innovative technology is [DENT. You 
can't deceive it. " 

- Roy Villareal, Border Patrol Agent 

Before dinner at the Casa Del Migrante, the men sayan emotional prayer. Casa Del Migrante offers migrants meals , showers and emotional 
support while they piece together their lives after deportations. 



18 FEATURES The UCSD Guardian Thursday, May 14, 1998 

At the Casa Del Migrante, men participate in a self-esteem workshop. Here, they watch as their compadres participate in a game of musical chairs . 

IMMIGRATION: 
Patterns show a shift away 
from urban sectors 
Continued from PIlle 17 

"The real effect is to rechannel the 
flow away from those heavily fortified 
sectors and not to keep undocumented 
migrants out of the labor market," Cor-
nelius says. "They're still getting in." 

Cornelius feels that there is a large 
demand for Mexican labor in Califor-
nia, and that this demand is n-ot only in 
agriculture, but in service industries 
such as manufacturing, construction, 
food processing and landscaping. 
According to Cornelius, the demand for 
foreign-born labor stems from the fact 
that native-born workers will not take 
unskilled jobs that do not offer benefits, 
even during times of recession. 

A 1986 law known as JRCA (Immi-
gration Reform and Control Act), 
requires employers to check for green 
cards but has had little effect on the hir-
ing of undocumented workers. IRCA 
only requires employers to check that 
their employees have the proper docu-
ments, but the law does not require 
employers to verify their authenticity. 

Cornelius wrote in a recent study 
that 83 percent of the "undocumented 
immigrants" in San Diego had present-
ed green cards to their employers. 

Cornelius attributes (RCA's unen-
forceability to the active lobbying of 
small businesses who employ immi-
grant labor. He says that existing immi-
gration law should be reformed. Cur-
rently, there is only room for the 
entrance of 10,000 unskilled workers in 
the entire United States. Cornelius 
argues that this is preposterous in an 
economy in which hundreds of thou-
sands of unskilled and undocumented 
workers are employed in California 
alone. 

"Ideally, J would like to see a recog-
nition that there is a legitimate demand 
f r f rcign born labor to fill many kinds 
of jobs in many se t rs f the ec no-
my," he said. "The demand cannol just 
be legislated away. If we wer lIerious 

See IMMIGItAnON, Page 19 

·We are aU wasting time. just In different ways ." says Pedro Parama. sitting 
above a painted line which indicates he is on the Mexican side of the border. 

((The real effect is 
to rechannel the 
flow away from 
those heavily 
fortified sectors and 
not to keep 
undocumented 
migrants out of the 
labor market. 
They're still getting 
in. " 

- Wayne Cornelius 
Director of Programs and Studies at 
the Center for U.S .·Mexican Studies 

Thursday. May 14. 1998 The UCSD Guardian FEATURES 19 

IRCA only requires employers to check that 
their employees have the proper documents, 
but the law does not require employers to 

verify their authenticity. 

IMMIGRATION: 
Migrants are an integral 
part of state economy 
Continued from page 18 
about reducing the flow of illegal 
immigrants, we would be admitting 
as legal entrants far more than 
10,000 low skilled immigrant work-
ers per year. " 

At Casa Del Migrante, a house 
for migrant laborers located in 
Tijuana's Colonia Postal, many 
migrants report that they have been 
employed in California in a variety 
of service sectors. They have found 
new ways to cross the border and 
seek unskilled jobs in the United 
States since Operation Gatekeeper 
began. 

Carlos Sanchez was 9 years old 
when he moved to Merced, Calif. 
When he was 12, he went to Wash-
ington with hi s uncle to pick apples. 
Sanchez lived in Washington for II 
years, married an American and had 
two children . He and his wife 
moved to Portland, Ore. , where 
Sanchez went to work for a con-
struction company for about $80-
100 a day. 

Sanchez was eventually deported 
for a crime he says he did not com-
mit. and his green card was perma-
nently revoked. He is forbidden to 

enter the United States for 25 years. 
Tijuana is a brutal shock for 
Sanchez, where he can only make 
60 pesos - about $7 - per day. 

"I've never been in thi s situation 
before," Sanchez sai d. "When I was 
in the United States , .1 used to make 
good money. Now that l'm here, I 
feel like I'm going to go crazy. You 
don ' I even have enough money to 
eat here, let alone pay rent. My story 
is very sad. I don't feel that Mexico 
is my home." 

Immigration into the United 
States is an economically driven 
phenomenon. In Tijuana, a city that 
Mexicans consider a place of oppor-
tunity, $7 a day is considered a 
decent wage, although it cannot feed 
a family. Migrants risk their lives to 
cross the border - Gatekeeper or 
not - and most of them send 
money back to their families in 
Mexico. As long as there are better 
opportunities north of the border, 
migrants will move toward new 
points of entry and coyotes will find 
new ways to smuggle them across 
the line. 

The millions of dollars fueling 
Operation Gatekeeper have made 
the border safer and less of an eye-
sore for most San Diegans, but ille-
gal immigration will continue as 
long as there is a reason to cross. 

Santos Castillo will try to cross the border in EI Paso. 

Men wait to leave the Cas a Del Migrante at 6 a.m. to go to work. They are required 
to have employment in order to stay at the house . 

((I've never been in this 
situation before. When 

I was in the United 
States, I used to make 
good money. Now that 
I'm here, I feel like I'm 
going to go crazy. You 

don't even have 
enough money to eat 

here, let alone pay 
rent. My story is very 
sad. I don't feel that 
Mexico is my home. " 

- Carlos Sanchez 



20 SUN GOD SPECIAL 

Interviews by Peay Lee 
Photos by Dave lubitz 

what was your most 
memorable eXper ience ·at 

a sun god festival? 

"I hung out with my 
suitemates. · I didn 't really 
drink, but they drank." 

James McClelland 
Marshall Sophomore 

"My roommate's 
ex-boyfriend came with us 
and we couldn ' t siL on the 
grass because he was 
allergic Lo it:' 

JUlia Fridman 
Muir Junior 

"I went to a couple of 
concerts and played in 
some of the sports 
competi tions, like occer 
and ultimate frisbee." 

Mike DIMlcco 
Graduate Student 

"1 had a 200-pound guy 
Jand on my head in the 
mosh pit last year." 

Jody Schimmel 
Muir Junior 

"I got there too early and 
nothing was set up. I didn't 
have time to go back in the 
afternoon, so I didn 't have 
much fun. " 

Katy Chlu 
Revelle Junior 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, May 14, 1998 

it's the art icle you' ve all been waiting for - mine! 
By Travis Hili 
Senior Staff Writer 

Misty water-colored memories 
- it seems like just yesterd ay 
when [ wrote a Sun God article for 
laM year's issue. ) remember writ-
ing it thinking, "How the hell am [ 
ever going to get thi s published,!" 

[didn 't think I would be able to 
get it past all the editors and sup-
posed Guardian hierarchy. BUl, by 
somcmirae le, it was published, and 
a weird phenomenon was born: 
people loved it. 

Who knew that even here, at 
UCSD, people would care to read 
about fun? 

I've learned a few things si nce 
thaI fatefu l article: that there is no 
Guardian hierarchy, and honestly, I 
think that was the:· greatesl article I 
have ever written. I also learned 
that as many ti'mes as I write a story 
about me being drunk and fa t and 
worthless, people sti ll love it. 

Face it: Tritons of all walks of 
life love to read about fu n. 

So, for the second conseculi ve 
year. I was voted "Ihe mosl quali -
fi ed to write the si lIy drunk arti cle" 
- go figure. Now, here 's some 
more of mine for you to feas t on. 
The Coach is about to begin the 
second annual Sun God story time, 
so settle down, grab a cup of warm 
milk, dim the lights and relax ... or 
take a couple shots, turn on some 
loud-ass music and get naked. 

FIND 
Roommates 

Tickets 

Cars 

Bikes 

Deals 

Rentals 

Stereos 

Surfboards 

Auto Repair 

Sales 

Jobs 

Computers 

and more in 
lite ...... 
upstairs in the 

Student Center, 
above the 

General Store. 

Either way, the fat guy is about to 
get husy ... . 

Last year's Sun God was anoth-
er hi lorical event. We awoke at 
arou nd 9:30 in the a.m. to the 
sound of our first visitors. Some 
fr iends had kindly brought my 
roommates and me a complete 
breakfast: vod ka and orange juice, 
with Jack Daniels and coke for 
dessert . 

Needless to say, what a fine slart 
we had on the day. 

[ had learned some les ons from 
the freshman-year fiasco: One -
nOI to shave the midd le of my head. 
And if by some mistake I do have a 
part of my body shaved clean, not 
10 forget to cover that up. Two -
wa lch out for chicks that want to 
rip my clothe ' off (You'd be ur-
prised how often that happens). 
Three - try to find another four-
story beer bong. 

Well , two oul of three ain't bad. 
I managed to keep hair on my head 
(and the rest of my body). Although 
some chicks tried to, we ll , you 
know. get on me and stuff, r man-
aged to make a drunken sprint to 
get away from their evil grasp. BUI 
alas, I cou ldn 't find a four-story 
beer bong. Oh well, [ suppose lh aL 
experience will never be duplicated 
(unless some enterprising fres hmen 
arc attempting to do the impossi-
ble .... ). 

Anyway. I must give props to 
the bo th people, who did another 
fantastic job last year. From whaL I 
remember, they were fun. 
Although, by the time noon came 
around, I couldn ' t see very we ll 
anymore. 

One of my fayorite parts of the 
day had to be when a couple of 
friends of mine and I gOL very very 
tired after dressing up like large 
Japanese men and beating on each 
other (remember that sumo crap?). 
So, wc broke into the Natalorium's 
hot tub and chilled. II didn ' t matter 
that we fo rgot thaI our clothes were 
sti II on, the water felt great. 

As for other highlights, we ll , I 
think my apartment-mates and I in 
the Thurgood Marshall Uppers set 
some ki nd of record. We had close 
to 60 people in our two apartments, 
and one especially happy person 
decided it would be a good idea if 

See LOVE, Page 26 

Thursday, May 14, [998 The UCSD Guardian SUN GOD SPEC[AL 21 

--------------------------------~~------------------------------

~~. 
hangover? what hangover? it's time to lace ' ern up sun god sports are here 

By Jonah Nisenson 
Co-Associate Sports Editor 

The annual Sun God Festival is here and 
with it the Sun God rntramural Spons Fesli-
val thi s SaLurday and Sunday. Those of you 

allow for aerial displays that get the crowd 
pumping. 

A slam dunk competiti n is featured this 
year, along with five-on-fi ve basketball, 
Ooor hockey. seven-on-seven soccer. and 

Sun God Intramural Sports Tournaments 
Because The Coach and the rest of the sports staff said so 

who have participated in 
it before know thaI the 
show get on the road 
early, around 7:30 a.m. 

This rna) seem a 
frightening thought for 
the UCSD sludenL who is 
planning to partake in the 
consumption of frothy 
beverages before, during 
and after the festi val on 
Friday; however, keep in 
mind there is no cure likc 
a little exerci~c to get the 
blood Oowing and the 
heart pumping (so me of 
you may choose 10 lest 
out that "hair of the dog 
that bit you" theory, but 
try that at your own ris!..). 

The Sun God Intra-
mural Sports Fcsti val got 
its start seven years ago 
and has become somc-
thing of a tradition ovcr 
the years. Basketball was 
the lone sport carlyon, 
but since then the 1M 
Festival has expanded 10 

"As we all know, 
playing sports is 
the greatest thing 
ever. And what 
could be better than 
playing sports after 
a long, hard day of 
• •• studying? 
So, although most 
of you will be j ust a 
tad slower than 
usual early 
Saturday morning, 
get up and get 
ready for the Sun 
God Sports 
Spectacular. 

thi s year's new addition. 
Pepsi Bail. Prizes for lhe 
winners of each division 
include $100 dollar gift 
certi fieates from I he 
newly-opened Rock Bot-
Lom Brewery. T-shi rts, 
tickets to the AMC La 
Jolla 12 and much more. 

The basketball games. 
hockey games and Pepsi 
Ball will take place at the 
Muir Sports Complex as 
will floor hockey, while 
oecer will be played on 

the North Campus 
Fields. Check-in for each 
sport is around 7:30 3.m. 
with many games taking 
place in the morning and 
in the afternoon. Thus, 
ex peel to spend a good 
part of your day giving 
your fanny a resl whi le 
you wait fur your next 

It's just beautiful." game. 
Travis "The Coach" Hili Sign -ups for this 

Guardian, May 13, 1997 speclacular event will be 

include many other exciting spons. 
open until Friday at 4 

p.m. in the [ntramural office on Ihe fOUr1h 
Ooor of RIMAe. So if you thoughl it wa Five-on-five baskctball ha~ remained an 

integral part of the event s, though. Its popu- 100 late, you were wrong. Get to R[MAC 
larilY stem. from the 9-fo t rim s, which and sign up for a day of unnyacti vities. 

Basketball 
Muir Courts 

5-0 ... 5 
9-foot Rim 

Intermediate 7:30 a.m. 
Open 1:15 p.m. 
$25 per team 

Prizes: $100 gift 
certificate to 

Rock Bottom Brewery. 

Coed Floor 
Hockey 
Rec Gym 

Intermediate 7:30 a.m. 
Open 3:00 p.m. 

Pool play with top two 
teams of each pool 
advancing to single-

elimination playoffs Sunday. 

// ~Motoro'a 
/ BrARrAe 
. 6 000 

Buy Any One 01 Our Great WIre"" PItones 
And Use It All Mo ..... Long On Us, 

• World'. Smale" 
• High Capotify -". 

• I -.. a-png Unit 
I>~rt? . Cony;ng 1401_ ~ • I--'ed WiIf, F-. 

• 3 Y_ InfoIJfonet Warronly 

.... Motorola 
Ell .. Euro 

fItat'. "g"', Your'" M ...... OIs.rwc ... ,,... •• No MOItffIIy lee 
and No &.ocaI AI", .... CIaarg .. Up ,. 2500 M' ...... "'Ioy UnI'mlfwNl 

&dtang •• 'or 90 Dap Or SImply a.tum Your ........ 'or A 'ull 
a.,."." WJtIt'n 30 Dap. It'. Our Way 01 SayIng, 

IllYe're Not Happy Until You're Happy" • 

." 
~ .0'!l' 

. 13uO D •• lrAL 
• Dual Mode aMM DigiIDI/AItoIog 

... ·A_ .... , ..... ~ 
• 50 -.. UIfoMn baIIwy 
• V .... ,../JIotIM/CD6wID 
• 99 ,.,.,..,. s.-d DiaIine 
• IInique DIal ~ 
• J-Y_"""""W""""" 

.. _0'" ........ 

. ..... Sony 
RJCIOO 

Coed Soccer 
NCR Courts 

7-00-7 
First round 8:30 a.m. 

Final round 4:30-8:00 p.m. 
Pool play 

Single elimination 
$30 per team 

Only 12 teams will play, 
so sign up now. 

Pepsi Ball 
Muir Field 

If you want to know I 
what this is, sign up 

and come play. 
(Any Idiot can 
participate.) 

Register to play at 1M 
front desk at RIMAC or 
Saturday at the event. 

tijii 
AUTHORIZED 

WIRELESS AGEN T 

8935 rowne Centre Drive ~ Mo..-Fri 10-8 BBB./NFOPLANET toll free 
• Saturday 1 ~ WWW.LI 1 San DIego, CA 92' 22 Sunday 11 - 5 .,nrop one ' .com 

WIRIlES\ DATA. lONG RA NGE CORDLESS PHO NIS. PERIO NAL DIGITAL ASSISTA NTS · GLOB AL POSITIO NING SYSTlMI· TWO WAY RADIO I · NIGHT VIIION THHNOLOGt • BAN C· ~ DlUJSIN IIINO PHONII 



r ~ 
I 

I ' 

22 SUN GOD SPECIAL 

STORAGE USA 
STUDENT SPECIAL 

Need Space? We're the Place! 
ACCESS DAILY 6 AM TO 10 PM 

: I 

o 

8038 Arjons Drive 
(619)549-8300 

I 

8192 Miramar/Cabot 
(619)549-0500 

San Diego Pre",iere! 

fof Sl NO ~ ivf~iO ~ iff 
{IF I Never See You Again} 

Five elderly ,"en For," a ",uslc group and run 
atNOy Fro", the nursing ho",e ""lth the hope of 

playing For an audlence_ They conFront thB city, 
the nursing hO,"B authorlnBs, the po/Ice and all 

_ho _Ish to destroy their drealn_ 

Muice (lUbtitllIIl • 1.7 
Directed ., 

JUl. '1 .. 11 Villalnor 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, May 14, 1998 

----------------------~;~~------------------------

This Lights & Sirens is a selection 
of entries compiled from the log 
book of the UCSD Police Depart-
ment from Sun Gods past. 

Friday, May 17, 1991 
9:17 p.m.: A student was acciden-
tally hit by an unknown person and 
suffered a possible broken nose. 
Transported to Scripps Memorial 
Hospital. 
10:31 p.m.: An officer arrested a 
19-year-old at the Price Center for 
battery of a Staff Pro employee. 
Cited and released. 
Saturday, May 18, 1991 
12:30 a.m.: A female student 
reported being followed , grabbed 
from behind, and pushed against a 
wall at HSS by an unknown male at 
12:30 a.m. The student pushed the 
subject away and fled. Her left arm 
was injured. 
Friday, May 15, 1992 
5:58 a.m,: Officers arrested a 21-
year-old student at Voigt Drive and 
Scholars Drive for being drunk in 
public. Transported to County Jail. 
9:00 p.m.: Officers arrested two 19-
year-old male students and an 18-
year-old female student at 
Matthews Lane for being drunk in 
public . 
Friday, May 21, 1993 
4:00 p.m.: A non-affiliate reported 
the theft of a costume from the Sun 
God Lawn. Loss: $900. 
10:00 p.m,: Officers arrested a 22-
year-old non·affiliate near Student 
Health for urinating in public. Cited 
and released. 
Friday, May 20, 1994 
6:55 p.m.: Officers arrested a 21-
year-old female student in lot 606 
for drunk driving. Transported to Las 

" Colinas Jail. 
8:44 p.m.: Two 20-year-old male 
students and one 21-year-old male 
student were detained at the War-
ren Apartments. Transported to 
Detox. 
9:00 p,m, : Officers arrested a 19-
year-old male student at the Price 
Center for giving false information 
to a peace officer and for assault. 
Friday, May 19, 1995 
4:30 p.m.: Officers arrested a 20-
year-old I118le student and a 2O-year-
old male non-affiliate at the Mar-
shall Apartments for being minors 
in possession of alcohol. Cited and 
released. 
7:09 p.m.: Officers detained a 19-
year-old female student at the Muir 
Apartments for being drunk in pub-
lic. Transported to Detox. 
10:00 p.m.: Officers arrested a 24-
year-o ld non-affiliate at lot 309 for 
possession of less than an ounce of 
marijuana. Cited and released. 
11:30 p.m.: Officers detained a 21-
year-old male student at Round 
Table Pizza for being drunk in public. 
Transported to Detox. 
Saturday, May 20, 1995 
3:55 a.m.: Officers detained an 18-
year-old male non-affiliate at Gilman 
Dr. and Russe ll Lane for being drunk 
in public. Transported to Detox. 
Friday, May 17, 1996 
6:16 p.m.: Officers issued a 20-
year-o ld male student a DMV admin-
istrative per se form at 9300 North 
Torrey Pines Road for drinking alco-
hol. 
8:15 p.m.: RSO's repor t concerning 
a keg and drug paraphernalia con-
fiscated at the Muir Apartments. 
8:47 p.m.: RSO 's report concerning 
a keg confiscated at the Matthews 

Apartments. 
9:20 p.m. : Officers detained a 20-
year-old male non-affiliate and 
arrested a 20-year-old male student 
for being drunk in public in lot 208. 
Non-affiliate was transported to 
Detox. Student was transported to 
County Jail. 
Saturday, May 18, 1996 
3:45 p.m.: A student reported the 
theft of taillights from from a red 
'66 VW Karman Gh ia in lot 502. 
Loss: $170. 
Friday, May 16, 1997 
3:15 p.m.: Officers arrested ct 20-
year-old male student at lot 3.10 for 
being a minor in possession of alcO: 
hoI. Cited and released. 
3:16 p.m.: Officers arrested a 20-
year-old female student at lot 310 
on an outstanding warrant and for 
being a minor in possession of alco-
hol. Total bail: $5,000. Cited and 
released. 
8:35 p.m.: Officers arrested a 19-
year-old male student at lot 351 for 
being drunk in public. Rejected by 
Detox and booked in County Jail. 
8:15 p.m.: Officers arrested a 44-
year-old male non·affiliate at RIMAC 
for battery. Transported to County 
Jail. 
9:59 p.m.: Officers arrested a 23-
year-old male non-affiliate at RIMAC 
for being drunk in public and for 
possessing less than one ounce of 
marijuana. Transported to County 
Jail. 
10:45 p.m.: Officers detained a 16-
year-old non-affiliate at lot 351 for 
being drunk in public. Transported 
to Detox. 

- Complied by Ryan Olson 
Co-News Editor 

The link 

o 
o 
o 

Are you a graduating senior, grad student or 
alumni looking for full-t ime career 
employment? 

Son Diego's new shuttle company providing service to 
the hottest night spots, shopping & the beoches. 

Don't hassle with parking J.~ Door-to-Door Service 
Don't drink & drive ... THINK UNKI 

o 

Are you ready to conduct an intense job search 
while being coached by expert career advisors? 
Are you ready to actively network, establish 
contacts, make cold ca lls to potential 
employers, conduct employer research and 
improve job intervi ewing skills? 
Can you atttend an 8-session job search 
workshop on June 22, 24, 26, 29 and 
July 1, 6, 8, and 10 from 9 a.m. to 12 noon? 

If you checked all of the above, 
check out the Career Services Center's 

JOB SEARCH CLUB 
Apply today to join! HURRY, 50 spaces only. 

Pick up an application and get more details at the 
Career Services Center's Reference Room. 

For rates and reservations call: '\,.-. 
--J 232 -41 99L1CEN~ETCP 11643 

I ..... . ~ . 
Planning your fall schedule but don't see what you want? UCSD 
Summer Session will be offering over 200 courses in two five-week 
sessions: June 29-July 31 and August 3-Sept. 4. To receive the Sum-
mer Session Catalog, mail this coupon to .he address below. Name ______________________________________________ _ 

Address---------------------------------------------
Cit):~---------------S.a.e _____ Zip ________ __ 
Mail to: University of California, San Diego 
Summer Session Dept. 0179 
9500 Gilman Dr., .La Jolla Ca 92093-0179 

OPEN TO THE 
PUBlI[ 
BrowJ~ th~ Summer Session catalog on the World Wide Web Site: 

http://orpheus.ucsdedulsummer 

University of California, San Diego 

Thursday, May 14, 1998 

SOCIAL D: 
Veteran band to 
headline Sun God 
ContIIIued from ..... 12 
do, or everyone's all 'tatted' back, 
instantly cool. pierced up and dri -
ving around," he added. 

Social Distonion's first album, 
\983's Mommy's Little Monster. 
thrust them into the underground 
spotlight. The album is a testa-
ment to the hard Ii fe of a teenager 
growing up on his own, and was 
written and released in the deep-
est, darkest phase of Ness' drug 
addiction. 

In 1988, Social Distortion 
released Prison BOUlld, which was 
followed by the critically 
acclaimed Somewhere Between 
Heavell alld Hell. Somewhere 
included " Ball and Chain" and 
" Bad Luck," two of the band's 
best-known songs. The album fea-
tured a rootsier sound, which con-
tai ned more of a country and rock-
abi lIy innuence. 

White Light White Hear While 
Trash represented a rcturn to thc 
Social Distorti on's humble punk 
beginnings, with the hard-edged 
" Don' t Drag Me Down" and "Dear 
Lover." Lyrically, the album show-
cased Ness' introspective side -
" Down on the World" reflects his 
cy nicism, while the album's mas I 
emotional piece. " Whcn the 
Angels Sing," provides a tribute to 
Ness' maternal grandmother, an 
unrescrved supporter of Social 
Distonion who passed away in 
1993. 

The lengthy breaks between 
albums allow for the strong con-
tent. 

Ness explained, " \ have to live 
life - the righl s, the wrongs. the 
ups and downs. Pai n has always 
been a good motivator for me. I'm 
still convinced that it's hard to 
write a good album when every-
thing is going great." 

Since the release of While Ughl 
White Heat While Trash , Social 
Distortion have been on the road 
and living life. Do yourself a favor 
and check them out tomorrow 
night. 

ROOTS: 
Adding hip-hop to 
the festivities 
Continued from page 13 
due to PulT Daddy 's infusion of 
catchy samplcs and unori gi nal 
track s. Merely taking a loop and 
rapping over it wears thin after the 
eighth time. 

In contrast, The Roots bring back 
the vibe and electricity of a live per-
formance to the listener. With their 
material distributed by Geffen 
Records. The Roots rely on the 
diverse talents of their two lyricists 
- Malik B and Black Thought. By 
mixing a captivating beat, hypnotic 
bass, melodic keyboard and ear-
popping horns, The Roots hit their 
mark with unusual unity. 

Not afraid to shift tempo in the 
middle of a record , TIle Roots pos-
sess a unique confidence - never 
afraid to experiment. Creativity is 
not something they lack, so all 
Ihat 's left to ponder about is -
when will everybody catch on? 

UCSD students wi II get a first-
hand look at The Roots this Friday 
night and who knows, maybe the 
concept has already caught on. 
Unlike De La Soul, who couldn' t 
find "where da party at" last year, 
The Roots are ready to groove. 

The UCSD Guardian SUN GOD SPECIAL 23 

Are You a Returned Peace Corps Volunteer? 
Do You Have a Relative Who Served As a 

Peace Corps Volunteer? 
We are inviting anyone who has ever served as a Peace Corps 

Volunteer and those interested in becoming a Peace Corps 
Volunteer to a picnic on Saturday, May 16. 

••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

For more informationt please contact: 
Suan Hanson . 

Volunteer Connection Office on the UCSD campus 
(619) 822-2216 

Linguistics LANGUAGE 

• Earn up to 15 units in 6 weeks 
• Satisfy your language requirement 

• Have a FUN and 
PRODUCTIVE summer! 

M M E A 
, 99& 

Ling/French 5A 
Ling/French 58 
Ling/French 5C 

Ling/German5A 
Ling/German58 
LingiGerman5C 

Ling/Spanish 5A 
Ling/Spanish 58 
Ling/Spanish 5C 

Ling/Spanish 58 
Ling/Spanish 5C 
Ling/Spanish 50 

(equiv. to 1 A/1 AX): 
(equiv. to 18/1 8X): 
(equiv. to 1 C/1 CX) : 

(equiv. to 1 A/1 AX) : 
(equiv. to 18/1 8X) : 
(equiv. to 1 C/1 CX): 

(equiv. to 1 A/1 AX): 
(equiv. to 18/1 8X): 
(equiv. to 1 C/1 eX) : 

(equiv. to 1 B/1 BX): 
(equiv_ to 1C/1CX): 
(equiv. to 1/1 OX): 

June 29-July 10 
July 13-July 24 
July 27-Aug. 7 

June 29-July 10 
July 13-July 24 
July 27-Aug. 7 

June 29-July 10 
July 13-July 24 
July 27-Aug. 7 

June 29-July 10 
July 13-July 24 
July 27-Aug. 7 

Program 

For info or placement call For registration call (619)534.4364 (619)534.3604 

) 



24 SUN GOD SPECIAL 

Interviews by Pear .... 
Photos by DIYe lubitz 

how do you feel about 
the bands playing at sun 

god this year? 

"I only know about Social 
Distortion. They're old, 
they've been around. But 
they're pretty good. We 
should bring back Van 
Halen with David Lee 
Roth so we can become 
more party oriented." 

Daniel Krupltskl 
Muir Sophomore 

"One of my friends told 
me that The Roots were 
good - that they were 
hip-hop and funky and that 
I could dance." 

Andrew Waigh 
Marshall Junior 

this year are as great as 
they were last year. The 
names aren't as big and 
they're not as well known, 
so I don't think it' ll draw 
as big of a crowd as last 
year." 

Kory Kocalls 
Warren Sophomore 

"Social Distortion is a 
great band. They have a lot 
of talent. I especially love 
punk rock so maybe they ' ll 
be really great." 

Darryl Kretschmer 
Marshall Freshman 

"The choice of bands are 
very good Ihis year 
because there's a variety. 
Social Distortion and 
The Roots are a good 
combination. They suit 
both types of crowd." 

Anita Dhillon 
Revelle Junior 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, May 14, 1998 

... . J .... 

giant mutant ants abound in undergraduate production 

aren', 
19ur proverbial cup of' tea, consid-
er the alternative - giant, mutated 

ts. 
Yeah, you heard righl. UCSD 

Theatre's undergraduate presenta-
tion of "Not ThemI" is running 
through God weekend in one 
of-dii mOst bizarre and zany. sat~ 
ever Ip pe a UCSD .... 

~c Qat!=', «lORli~or of 
the UCSD MFA acting program, 
has adapted the 1952 Cold War B-
movie, ''Them I " for the stage, and 
the results are extraordinary. With a 
cast or 27 actors portraying 56 

Attention UCSD 
Registered Student 

Organizations 
Want new modular 
office or storage 
space in the Price 
Center or Student 
Center next fall? 

Want to retain your 
current spacE? 

PICK UP/DROP OFF AN 
APPLICATION TODAY AT: 

• Student Information (EDNA) @ 
the Price Center 

• Student Center Services @ 
the Student Center 

• UCAB office @ the Price 
Center, Room 2.237 

• Student Organization 
Advisor Offices 

Remember, all current 
tenants must re-apply 
Application 
dEadlinE is 

May 15. 1998 by 
4 :00p.m. 

For more Infonnation, 
call Brian Cross @ 

534-0723 

characters; remarkable staging and 
scenery that spans four cities. an 
am colony. and an L.A. sewer; and 

.CO!>tumes that bring the 8-foot, s ix-
legged insects to life, "Not Them!" 
is a spel.:tacle not to be missed. 

Gordon Douglas' film version 
gave audiences a critical look at 
Cold War, nuclear-age society. 
Nuclear radiation from atomic 
bomb testing causes a colony or 
ants to mutate to a colossal size and 
wipe out a New Mexico town. The 
spread of these monsters threatens 
to drive humanity to extinction. 

In directing "Not Them!" Oates 
strives ror the same plot, but the 
redone cheese-ball campiness that 

dominated the 1952 film translates 
to delightrully comy humor on a 
college stage in 1998. 

A small town outside or White 
Sands, N.M., is terrorized by bar-
baric slayings, pUlling the small 
community 's local authorities into 
a panic. Sgl. Ben Petersen (played 
by Kevin Artigue) and FBI Agent 
Robert Graham (Damian Carroll) 
begin their investigation of the 
heinous murders. 

Enter Dr. Medford (a fantastic 
Lennox Miller) and his daughter, 
Dr. Patricia Medford (an equally 
impressive Veronica Valenzuela, 
who also serves as the audience's 

See ANTSY, Page 25 

Live-In Positions Available 
for 1998-1999 

INTERNATIONAL CENTER 

RESIDENT 
INTERNS 

Are You Interested In: 
• International and Intercultural Excbange? 
• Enhancing Int'l Student's Experience at UCSO? 
• Promoting International Understanding? 
• Creating Memories that will Last a Lifetime? 
• Living in a Fully Furni hed Apartment at the 

International Center for almost FREE? 
Responsibilities Include the Following: 

• Promotion and Puhlicity of International Center 
AClivitie 

• International Club Advi ing 
• Coordination of the International Partners Program 

Leadership skills and experience in 
activity coordination reqllired 

Pick up an application at the 
International Center 

Intemational Student/Scholar Office 
DEADLINE EXTENDED TO 

,JUNE 1, 1998 

Thursday, May 14, 1998 

ANTSY: 
Giant critters send 
America into a panic 
Continued from page 24 
emcee), entomologists from the 
U.S. Department or Agriculture. 
Their expert studies expo e the 
existence of the giant ants. 

The intrepid killer ants arc fast 
on their (six) fcet, however. After 
Peler/iell, Graham and the Med-
rords wipe out a colony under the 
desert noor. t he queen ant and her 
mates fly the coop, spreading 
throughout the southwestem Unit-
ed States into Texas and California. 

The remainder of "Not Them!" 
traces the actions of these four cen-
tral characters as they try to put a 
stop to the plundering insects whi Ie 
trying to keep a lid on the situation 
rrom a paranoid American pUblic . 
The story rollows them to Wash-
ington, Los Angeles and 
Brownsville, Texas. 

While some perrormances shine 
- such as that of Valenzuela and 
the Trinidad-born Miller - the 
clear highlights of the production 
arc the scenery. props and costum-
ing. Oates really does a number 
with hi s adaptati on, recreating B-
movie at mosphere 0 11 a small stage. 
From the New Mex ico desert to a 
Texas sanitarium to the Depa11ment 
of Defense, "Not Them I " deftly 
conveys ' 50s paranoia gone bad. 

Without a doubt , the most 
enjoyable part or "Not Them!" is 
the ants. Designer ledediah Ike and 
the production's costume shop do a 
superlati ve job at bringing the 
creepy crawlers to lire. Just chcl.:k 
out the man-s ized thorax and the 
glow-in-the-dark eyes. 

What "Not Them!" docs is take 
a look at nue lear-age paranoia and 
expose its folly, 50 years later. The 
original ''Them!'' although campy, 
took a rrightening look at the awe-
some power of the atomic bomb 
and its socia l repercussions on a 
terri fied American publ ic. "Not 
Them!" reexamines the paranoia 
that consumed the entire world. 
The result is indeed a humorous 
spoof, but certainly raises some 
interesting questions. 

"Not Them!" opened Tuesday 
night and continues through Sat., 
May 16. Performances are at 8 p.m. 
at the Mandell Weiss Forum The-
atre. Tickets are $6 ror students, 
$12 general admission and $10 ror 
seniors, raculty and staff, and can 
be purchased at the theater in 
advance or at the door. Call 534-
4574 for more information. 

D.FROST: 
Local band wil1 
warm things up 
Continued from page 15 
gOllcn a bit harder. Cummings, a 
former player in the Los Angeles 
punk-rock scene, adds hi s punk-to-
runk low notes to the mix . Ha ving 
the turntables manned full -time has 
added a consistent dimension to 
li ve performances. 

Doors keep opening ror d.tRosl. 
SRH, the local promotion company 
that represent s bands like Sprung 
Monkey and The B-Side Players, just 
added the group to its lineup. A tour 
will be planned in the ncar future . 

"If' you went to a live show, 
you'd be, like, ' Wow!'" Cummings 
sa id of hi s band ' performances. 

This Friday, when d.fRost opens 
thi s year' Sun God evening con-
cerl, we' II get a chance to prove 
Cummings right. 

The UCSD Guardian SUN GOD SPECIAL 25 

every last 
SATURDAY 
OFeach h 

mont 
GILLESPIE THRIFT SHOP 

DOWNTOWN LA JOLLA 

·"_b"'~"'.!s & Liquor 
• CIIi*S & Imported (I ........ 
• Del Sandwiches SPECIAL 

KEG BEER 
1/2 keg starts at 54800 

3321 Governor 

BH~!~~~R 
S52~ & CRV 

RED NECTAR ALE 
6-pack bottles S499 

... ," 
• (IV 

7631 Girard Avenue, La Jolla, CA 92037 In the ue Marketplace Y8 ~ La Jolla V,II •• Dr. (near Henry's) ~r--:;':::"';:'=::"':':':':'::~~-+-I 
454-4124 453-4411 

EJI8 
* . ~=:-:+-ii~-I 

[ 10% -.OFF with this ad ] 

$400 CASH BONUS 
toward purchase or lease* 

HwV 52 

CHECKn OUl 
ON1\\EWEB. 
www.ford.com 

1998 Ford Escort ~ 
You've hit the books. Now it's time to hit the road . Ford can help. College seniors 

and grad students get $400 cash back" toward the purchase or Ford Credit 
Red Carpet Lease of any eligible Ford or Mercury. It's academic: pocket the cash, 

grab life by the wheel. For more College Graduate Purchase Program info, 
call1-BOO-321-1536 or visit the Web at wvvw.ford.com 

'To be oIigibIo. you must graOU8.8 with an 899008'8'1 01' becheiOI''I 08gree _ '()(I and 115199 01' be wren11y anro11od In gt'acIU1I18~. 
You must ptICIIage or 189M your .- """""" _ 1/~ and 1/5199. Some cus.omer and _ 8IIgtCloi1y I1IS1rictions apply. See your __ lor dotails. 

" 



l 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, May 14, 1998 ~26~SU~N~G~OD~SP~E~C~IA~L~ ____________________________ ~~~~==~----------------________________ ___ 

Hours 
Mon. Fri. & Sat. 

9am·6pm; 
Tues. Wed. & Thurs. 

9am·8pm; 
Retail unly: 
Sun. 11 -5 

For appointment call 

457-3334 
11843 Villa La Jolla Drive • La Jolla Village Center 

Near \Vhok Foods & Sav-On 

~SPECIALS! 
Mira Mesa 
SELP~,-&TO~GE 

. 7Mlianders Drive 
fI' NEW, CLEAN, SECURE tI' HILTON QUALITY AT MOTEL 8- PRICES 

fI' ALL ."OUID FUpO" 4'1~ fI' . NO SECURn, DEPOSIT or ADMIN. FEES 
., ONLY.so RIFuNDAILE DEPOSIT REQUIRED 

fI' CALL FOR IWMTUD RQERvATION WITH CREDIT CARD 
fI' U-HAUL TRUCKS AVAILABLE 

3,d MONTH FREE MI~A ME A 
,. 

5x5's Be 5x10's "" M ... .. SO:~* ~ 
" ~ 0 "e, . ~ 

rB453-0511 u ~ -- e - ~ u . Muam a r Rd . a. 
N 

~ 
a: 

° C 

e 
. 
U 

F~rmula For The Perfect Pizza 

FHa DII..iW • URRYOU'r! 
Serving .. ,Pocific Beach/Mission Beach 

1550 Garnet Ave. 
272-9.00 

We'" be del/verlng to UCSD soon! 

iiai"~i iiicl" T "PapS'S iilnner 1--ilp V.iiIa --
One 14" 99 lOne 14" S 99 I PARh4~ 'I I 99 
LARGE I LARGE 89<lU I I-topping, I emu] 

''1'/1) ) I I-topping I cheesestrcks 
I-topping I & breadsticks I & 4 cans of Coke 

llmll(!d dehery area Coupon requl~d I limited ry aru Coupon required I l lml lC!:d dtltftry area CO\lpon required 
Add" ...... 1 topponrs S I 2S eo Exp 6/30198 Limit 2 Add,tlon.ltopp,nl' S I 25 e. Exp 6/l0l98 Add,,,oll>1 toppln,' S I 25 • • up 6/l0198 

from stephen roberts, sun god chai r 

Once again, it is time for 
UCSD to enjoy the Sun God Festi -
val. The 1998 Sun God Committee 
sincerely hopes that this festival, 
the 15th annual, is among the best 
ever. We also hope that everyone 
is ab le to take a little time out of 
thei r routine to enjoy this day-long 
event. 

Much like last year, Sun God 
will be taking over the Price Cen-
ter Plaza, Library Walk and the 
Sun God Lawn throughout the day. 
There will be singing, dancing, 
bands, games and artists, as well as 
food, game and information booths 
from over 90 campus organi za-
tions. Although the day festi val is 
free to enjoy, we recommend 
bringing a little pocket cash to 
taste the cui sine and play the 
games of your favorite campus 
orga ni zat ions. 

As night fall s, the festival will 
continue on RIMAe Field with the 
evening concert . This year the Sun 
God Commiuee and ASUCSD are 
proud to present Social Distortion, 
The Roots and d.fRost on stage, in 
addition to a few "surprises" else-
where. Admission to the concert for 

LOVE: 
The Coach is back 
and he's still sloppy 
Continued hom page 20 
she tossed a bollie otT of our bal-
cony. Well, as much fun as that was, 
the police didn ' t exactly enjoy it. 

And apparently, that fiasco (one 
which I was already too inebriated 
to rea lly remember, except for 

wdents and staff is free with a 
valid UCSD I.D. Non-student tick-
ets are $10, and a limit of two can 
be purchased by UCSD students 
and stafr. 

The Sun God Festival is an 
event where students can come 
together, celebrate in unison and 
enjoy themselves. Having a good 
time, however, also means being 
responsible. If you are going to 
party, we implore you to do so both 
intelligently and responsibly. This 
will only benefit you, for any visi -
bly intoxicated or di sruptive indi-
vidual will be denied entrance to 
the event. Additionally, the follow-
ing items will not be allowed at the 
venue: containers of any kind, 
backpacks, food, beverages, chai rs 
and any photographic or recording 
devices. 

We at ASUCSD understand that 
the e measures may seem exces-
si ve, howe vcr, they are necessary 
to ensure the success of the festi -
val. We thank you for your under-
standing and look forward to 
another successful Sun God Festi -
va l. 

- Stephen Roberts 

another drunken sprint which I'm 
so fond of) was a pretty big deal. 
So this year, San Diego Police offi-
cers will be on patrol. 

But you know what? I love it. 
Screw those guys. Sun God is the 
greatest day in UCSD history -
the only day we all get to come out 
and play. So don't be intimidated, 
have a drink, have a smoke, have 
some FUN! Because Lord knows, I 
wi ll. 

SWIMSUIT SALE 
UP 
TO 75% Off 

LADIES,GIRL'S and MEN 
This year we have our best ever selection 

of swimsuits - separates & D cups available. 
Great selection of ladies & girls 
swimsuits, bodysu~ts & wetsuits 

• Mens, Ladies & Kids Apparel 
• Surfboards: New & Used 
• Bodyboards & Fins • Accessories 
• Swimsuits • Sunglasses 
• 'nline Skates & Accessories 
• Shoes & Sandals . - -'I« 
• Rollerskates 

~ IoMD sPolf~ 
828 N. Hwy. 101, Ste. A • Leucadia 

(Corner of Leucadia Blvd; & Hwy 

(/11411101 al tbe GuardiJn - we U'Iml qUi/lily.) 

Thursday, May 14, 1998 The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 27 

ESSENCE: 
Surf guru Mr. Maynard 
com.ments on his passion 
Continued from pace 31 
what keeps them out into the twilight. 

They ' ll tell you about the good waves they 
had when they dawn-patrolled in the morning, 
but they' ll leave it at that. They can' t tell you 
abou t the feeling ; about how their stomach 
dropped, how their heart pumped or how that 
las t gri ndi ng ri ght left them smiling all day. 

"A 7-year-old paddling out next to his dad at 
the inlet for the firsttirne: a young woman win-
ning a pro contest at Sunset [Beach] ; a white-
haired, wrinkled gremmie riding into a warm, 
Indian summer sunset at San Onofre - each of 
them is playing their own song, painting their 
own portrait, writing their own story," George 
wrote. "Each of them is ' in the know,' keenly 
aware that, despite the many allempts to com-
mercialize and hrink wrap the whole thing. 
surfing is still a special thing." 

"A special thing" may sound simplistic, but 
simplistic is the best way to explain it. It is just 
water and rider. There aren't fans criticizing All of this shouldn 't mystify the sport , or 

make surfers sound selfish, excl usive and 
arrogant. It 's just that surfing is a sensation 
that is completely unexplainable. 

their every drop, cutback and barrel. r 
---

-------------1 Surfing is an expression of one's synergy I I KIVA:Grill with nature - an introspective ex pression of I FREE I 
For surfers, to explain it would be as 

implausib le as asking your mom to detai l the 
emoti ons nowing throug h her body as she 
gave birth to you. 

escape. molded and exhibited by each rider. I I 
So the next time you' re at the Cliffs watch- I 8970 University Center Lane Concert Tickets I 

ing the sets thunder in under the setting sun, I across from the Hyatt Regency Drawing Every Friday I 
ignore the Gidgets in your mind. Forget the I (1-5 & La Jolla Village Dr.) I . 

In the most recent issue of Sillier, Sam 
George tried to explain the "hipness" - the 
"in the know" of surfing. 

dur-illJ; Happy Hour. Musl be presenl to win 
Pennywises, the Volcoms, the Kell y Slaters. I 558-8600 COIIII.lh"" "" ofBUI 511 •• Prr.se"IS I 
Disregard the $50,000. Notice the happiness I r--======-__ ~~---...::......:~====-=t.,L,r::;:::lIIEil'Cr;:::!IElI!IE3!:!!1:!Dli:Z:la:m;' I 
in the wann faces trudging up the hill. I H H ~ Valid I 

I appy our ~ Monday - Friday I 
GEORGIA: 
UCSD's Greg Uberuaga 
fired a 68 to lead day one 
ContInued from pllCe 31 
be Monarch day. Methodist opened up a 3-
stroke lead over Otterbein with a tourney-low 
292. Brion McLaughlin (70) and Brett Car-
man (71) led the attack for the Monarchs. 

Ollerbein trailed by just 3 at 590, with the 
trio of Greensboro (595), UCSD (596) and 
Skidmore (597) following close behind. After 
these initial five squads, the talent pool drops 
with Allegeheny, Olivet and Gustavus Adol-
phus each 10 plus strokes behi nd. 

After hi sizzling 68, Uberuaga came 
down to earth with an 81 on Tuesday. The 
pressure of the first-round lead can be enor-
mous. 

Uberuaga's teammates, however, picked 

University of C.-Iforn .. 

up the slack. Johnson followed his solid 73 
with a 72 - good for sixth place. The two 
sophomores, Donahoe and Sullivan, stepped 
up to keep the Tritons in contention. Donahoe 
is tied for 17th after II second-day 75 and Sul-
li van hroke into the 70 with a 76. Byrd is still 
looking to find hi s "A" game, and his 78 on 
Tuesday should help. 

Ian Miller of Ohio Wesleyan leads the field 
at 3-under par ( 141 ) following two consistent 
rounds of 71 and 70. Otterbein 's Tim Collins 
follows close behind at 2-under. 

This year 's tourney, though, boasts of five 
strong teams including the Tritons. As long as 
Mike Wydra's squad stays close enough to 
Methodist on Wednesday afternoon, a run for 
the title is not impossible. 

Today's round will determine whether 
anyone can challenge the Monarchs. If there's 
one team who has had some experience in that 
field, it's Mike Wydra and the UCSD Tritons. 

Education Abroad PrCCFam 

~11m 11'1' :l JII]!' ID 
EAP Deadlines E~tended! 

1999 Education Abroad Program 
opportunities still available in: 

Australia 
New Zealand 

Mexico (Language or Field Research) 
~ Wide Range of Academic Disciplines 
~ Full UC Credit 
( ... UC Financial Aid Applies 

~ Special Scholarships Available 
Scholarships Include: 

• EAP General-Alumni & Automatic Scholarships 
• EAP Opportunity Grants 
• Friends of the International Center 
• Eleanor Roosevelt ColI~ge Scholarship Fund 
• Betty Tate International Scholars 

APPLY NOWI!! 
For more Information and applications, contact 

Programs Abroad Office 
Intemational Center (on Library Walk) 

534-1123 

I Bud Dll"aft 4-7pm I 
• Monday-Friday 4-7 Lllllllo""p"r personpervl.U I 
• IInl nlill wllh .flY other otTer I Up to 112 off bar menu Red"I1I,hISid. I L-__ -=-_ _ ___ ______ .....J Expl,.., M.y 28.1998 I 

------------------------------r.----------------------------. 

DOWNTOWN LA JOLLA 
at 1005 Prospect 

459-0800 • fax orders 459-0847 

~----------------------------. 
." ......................................... .. ........... " ......... ............. "......... ......... . ............... . 

kiLLER SHRIMP BURRn'OS. 
AWESOME FISH TACOS. 

DOS 
PESCADOS (OMBOFOR 
ONLY $1.99 
That's 2 of our popular fi sh 

tacos. l7ean5 and chips! 

! ,,>1 . VILLAGE SQUARE \....4 .. !~ .. ' LA JOLLA ~ 
i Nol7el Dnve off H'!jhway 5 () .. Th;' '""'PO_ ~ fM up co 2 "..d.,~ ~ 
i ~ 270-FIN5 .' "'id .. th ,oy oth.,off,, v. "' .t u.Jo1l. "N5 
: ~ oriy Offer "'plrc:~ eMl • . 
: ....... ............. , ... ................... ...... ... ..... , .. , ............................................•.•••.. 

r--------- Featuring 30 Different Types 
of Omelets I I 

I • F uti lunch menu. Serving Beer & Wine. • Chompagne- 7St per gtoss. 53 .00 per bailie. 

: $20FFI 
II on any Breakfast or Lunch Entrie 

Ip.r p.rson, 
I Nol vatid wilh other coupons/speclats. limll 4 persons per I coupon. SS minimum entri!@ purchase. Please present coupon 

when ordering. 10% Senior Discounts. I optn 6 am-3 pm dally Children 's Menu Ava liable. bplr •• 5/21". 
: PACIFIC BEACH-18Sl GARNET AVE .• 270-r.9h~: a ____________________________ 1 

~-----------------------------, want to be part of 

-----------------------------~ 



28 CLASSIFJEDS The UCSD Guardian 

EVE N T S 
UCSD TMC Diversity and Unity Project presenl5 
"The Rise and Fall 01 Gay CuHur.· by author 
Daniel Harris. Wed May 20 0 5pm in PC 
Theatre. All are welcome to at1end. Hors d' 
oewres and bookslgning. Pr_ntation 0 6pm 
followed by a & A. FREEII FFI 534-4390. (41 
3O-5It8) 

CLASSIFIEDS 
Classified Line 

Ad Rates 
Students: $2 per 20 words 

Faculty & SiaN: $3 per 20 words 
All others: $4 per 20 words 

Advance payment is required. 
A Passage through Asia. CuHure, prizes, lood, 
enlertainment. Sunday, Uay 176pmat Pepper 
Canyon lounge. Tickets $7.00 or $6.00 in 
advance at SAC. (5It 1-14) 

The UCSD Guardian reserves the right to classify, edit, delete ollensive words and 
phrases, andior reluse any and all adver1lsements without prior nOllllcatlon. The Adver1iser 
will not hold the Guardian liable lor any claims resuHing Irom the publication 01 the 
adver1isemenl. The publisher will also not be held accountable for any claim from an 
agreement made between the advertiser and the consumer. 

Classified Display 
Ad Rates 

Proposition 227 Debate Panel. Issac Kablos, 
ednor 01 Latino Beat, Us. Satinas, County· 
Board 01 Education and Theresa Valloladid will 
be presenllng billnguat education proponents 
o CrossCuKuralCenterThurs.May 14, TODAY 
lrom 4:30-6:00. Free· All Welcome. FFI 534-
4390. (5/14) 

Copy should be reviewed by the advertiser for errors. In order to be corrected in the next 
regular Issue, all errors must be reponed by the corresponding deadline. Credit will only 
be given for the incorrect portion olthe adVenisement. There are no refunds lor cancellations. 
Pie ••• send alt correspondence regarding Classified. to: 

$9.00 per column inch 
Deadlines: 

Publicl tion Olt, Display Ads Une Ads 
Monday 
Thursday 

Noon Thurs. 3 pm Thurs. 
Noon Mon. 3 pm Mon. 

UCSD Guardian, Attn: Classlfleds, 9500 Gilman Drive .0316. La Jolta, CA 92093. 
Actual location: Student Cent.r A, Room 217. 

Raise up to $500 or more In one week. 
F undraising opportunities available. No financial 
obtigation. Great lor clubs, organizations, and 
motivated students. For more in lormation call 
(9SS) 51-A·PlUS exl. 51. (211 2-6/4) 

13 15;T_!3: I ~ :JII 
*ROUND TRIP COURIER FARES. 
oOOon $285 Mexico $150 Hong Konl $389 
China 5360 Sydney $520 Bangkok 370 

a: ['!:I'i't.'I'l ~ iii'!! !I i'! il i~ 
AIR COURIER INTERNATIONAL 

1-800-298-1230 24 hr 

Proposition 227 Debate Panel. Issac Kabios, 
editor 01 Latino Beat, Ms. Salinas, County· 
Board 01 Education and Theresa Valloladid will 
be presenting bilingual education proponents 
o Cross CuHural Center Thurs. May 14 , TODAY 
from 4:30-6:00. Free- All Welcome. FFI 534-
4390. (SlI4) 

Drive Your ·Dream Vehicle· With No Payment 
Over $100 Per Uonth. New lease Alternative 
Has A 95% Credn Approvat Rate. Call 1 -888-
517-AUTO. (5114,21) 
Unl_slty Cent.,. Advisory Ba.rd 1998-99 
Spece AlIoc8lloni ATTN UCSD registered 

student orgs: The deadline to apply for new 
ollice or storage spaco in the Price or Student 
Centers (or to retain your current space) is 
TOMORROW, May 15 by 4 p.m. ALL current 
tenants MUST RE·APPL Yt Apptica tions af 
EDNA, Student Center ollice and with Student 
Orgs advisors, PC 3rd floor. Call Brian Cross, 
534·0723 lor more inlo. (5/t4) __ _ 

EMPLOYMENT 
$1500 weekly potential mailing our circu lars. 
No Exper ience Required. Free Inlormation 
packet. Call4t0-783-8279. (2126.6/4) __ 

IIITERVIEWERS $7/HR 
Join the interesting world of marketing 

research , conducting telephone 
surveys and opinion polis. 

WE TRAIN 110 SALES 
25 wpm TYPING <_ test) 

PM shilts - 7 days a week - FT or PT 
Apply In ~ Mon rue Wed 

person 9am·4pm 

FUN SUMMER JOBS Gain valuable experience 
working with children oUldoors. We are looking 
for caring Summer Day Camp stall whose 
summer home is in the San Fernando or 
Conljo Valley, Ventura, Camll'itlo, Malibu 
or Simi Valley . General Counselors & 
Specialists: swimming, horses, boating, lishing, 

~NightOwls 
Do you bave a serious problem getllng to sleep at 

nlgbt and waking up In tbe morning? 

Wlsb you could start your day earlier? 

Synchrony Applied Health &iences and UCSD are 
recruiting people 18-39 years old for 

paid participation in a non-drug IIgbt treatment 
researcb study. 

If interested, please call 452-7881 

THE SANKOFA BIRD PROJECT & 
THE AFRICAN AMERICAN MUSEUM OF FINE ARTS 

Join Us as We Present ••• On a MI •• lon! 
j 

and the K~ ~~ 1~ 2:30pm & 5:30pm 
FabUlous Sunday, May 24, 1998 

at t\l~ ~ The Afncan American Museum 01 Fine Arts 
'JUKE JOINT CAFE]' IS partially lunded by the San Diego 

Community Foundation (anonymous 
327 Fourth Avenue donor). City 01 San Diego CommiSSion 01 

in the Gaslamp District Arts & Culture, County 01 San Diego 
Full Appetizer Menu Available Communtty Enhancem~nt Program, .and 

the Communtty Service Assoclallon . 
Tickets Available: Special thanks to the San Diego Support 

T7CK~ ...... ,.. (619)220. TlXS Center lyceum Theater and Chnst United 
Your Ftsh Connection ~6 19!263'8899 Presbyterian ChurCh. SANKOFA VI , 11..4 SJ.JIM fl.,.. has been partially lunded by 
National City Hardware 619 477-1204 the Ca.hlornl3 Council for Ihe Humanities , 
Juke Joint Cafe www.jukejointcale.com State Arm of the NEH and by the generOSity 

Tltket. $20 in actV8nc:ti$25 .t the door 01 presenters and supporters. 
, . 111, ' I ,AAMFAlSBP \619,583·92361'11' 16191969-0691 

ropes course, music, and more. Summer 
salaries range $2,100-53,200+. Call 818·865-
6263 or email CampJobs@aol.com. (412-5121) 

Bartending or 
Casino Dealing 

Make great money! Low luition. Job Leaus. 
Academy oflnt'l Bartending & 

Casino Dealing (PTIFT) 
Call 619-560-MIXX(6499) 

AIRLINE EUPLOYMENT· Entry leveVskilied. 
Ground crew, reseNationists. ticket agents, 
flight attendants. Excellent travel benelits. Ask 
us howl (517) 336-0971 ext. L5976 1 (4113·51 
14) 
FEMALE HAIR MODELS. Shampoo company 
needs (40) lemale models monthly (especially 
Asians) lor their upcoming April & May hair 
shows! No experience necessary! All ages & 
heights ok! For more inlormation & other 
modeling oppor1unities call (anytime) 1-(800)· 
959-9301 . (4/20·614) 

PIT JOBS & 
,/ - SUMMElllOBS! 

3 Pff Jab optIIIngI , 71U1111111r jabs. 
$10 10 start. paid IraInIng. & lex. holm. 

lobs Iilled on 0 lirst came, IrIIIIIWd bosis. 
Call 619·587·2829 

No Joke! Earn 2-5k1mo. starting this month 
from home. Must be teachable. No selling. Call 
lor inlo. (800)320-9895 ext. 6982 (4127·5/14) 
SUMMER INTERNSHIPS • EARN $3.000-

$6.000 & GAIN VALUABLE BUSINESS 
EXPERIENCE selling yellow page advenislng 
in your University's Telephone Directory th is 
SUMMER. Excellent advertising/sales/P.R. 
RESUME BOOSTER. Call College directory 
Publishing Inc. at (800)466-2221 x230 or x 288. 
Visitourwebsijealwww.campusdireclory.com 
lor inlo and 10 submit an appl ical ion lor 
immediate reviewl (4127.~1~ _ 

RESTAURANT 

COCKTAIL 
SERVERS 

Port time , fu ll time, exper ienced, 
responsible, self ' mol ivaled 
for Mon.· Fri , evenings in 

professional dining atmosphere . 
Apply!n person: 
Tue.-Fr •• , 2-5 pm, 

TUnO MARE 
4365 Executive Dr., S.D. 

tutto·mare 
Bookkeeper and Personal Assistantwanted for 
Spring and full·time summer position at La Jolla 
Shores home. Call Megan at 459-8446. (4/30-
5118) 
Clerical Assistant needed ASAP. PIT. 15+ hrs, 
FIT. 20+ hrs. Must work over summer too. Call 
456-0009. (4/30-611) 
Part·time administrative assistant needed lor 
international teacher exchange program. 20-
25 hours/week. lIexible. $6.00/hr. Detai l· 
oriented. Contact Debra Hinman at 455-6364. 
(5/4-t 4) 

~Sl1ME PAC1ttQ~ 
~,~ $24 95 

• One page resume professionally t.ypeset. 
(Regularly 34 t)S) 

Resume on disk for updating. 
• 25 Printed r esumes on your choice of fine quality resume paper 

with 25 matching envelopes. 
On'~r Expires May 31. 1998. 

Coste Verde hopping C enter I U TC 
X650 Genesee Ave .. Stc. 200 

San Diegn. CA 921 22 
111'1 , .!.J lit II I~" (619) 457-9500 

NEUROCRINE BIOSCIENCES, INC., a leading biopharmaceutical 
ompany in la Jolla, seeks the (ol lowing: 

SUMMER INTERNS (Paid) 
IlIIl(' Ihllllli~h <'('1111'111111'1 

Work (ull tim in ou r Medicinal Chemistry, Molecular 
Neurobiology, Immunology, Neuroscience, or Pre-Clinical labora-
tories and obtain va luable laboratory e.perif'nce while making a 
con tr ibut ion 10 our r search efforts. 

PART-TIME LAB ASSISTANTS 
)l',]1 loulld 

Our Mcdi inal hemistry and High Throughput Screening lab are 
.1ddlng year.round port -time lab ASSIStants. 

Please (ax, e-mail, or mati your resume or ,) leller 10 us stating your 
nam , add res , phone, university, major, year in s hool and posi -
Iton o( interest to: NEUROCRINE BIO ClENCES, IN ., Alln : HR, 
3050 ience Pilrk Ro.ld, an Diego, 212 1; (ax: (619) 658-
7602; c-mail : hrfltn uro nn .("om. EOE. 

Visit our website: 
www.neurocrine.com 

eurocrlne 
.rOSCII N CIS 

Thursday, May l4. 1998 

HEY GOLFERS! Need a summer job? We 
need gotfers to staft our golf gifts sales car1 at 
UTC. Outside. Closa. Sunshine. Shifts available 
May 18. l08m·3pm and 3pm-9pm. $6Ihr to 

. stM. Call Terry at (760)740-0697. (5/4-14) 
PIT employment + possible FIT. Pay by the 
hour. Very ltexible hours. Answerl'l9 phone, 
calling on clients , minor computer work. Very 
casual office. 6 t 9-450-6862. Kevin Antill (805 
and La Jolla Village Dr.) (517-18) 

RESTAURANT 

HOST /HOSTESS 
Part' lime, full time, lunch/dinner, 

e xperienced, responsible, 
wi strong communication skills 

for professional d ining 
atmosphere. 

Apply in person: 
Mon.-Fri., 2·5 rm, 

TUTTO MAR 
4365 Executive Dr., S.D. 
---------. 

tutto'mare 
Babysitter needed for 5 yr old boy and baby girt. 
PTIFT , Itexible & friendly. Experience and 
relerences needed. 271 -7646. (5n -1 8) 
Aide wanted by Disabled Prolessional Woman. 
Mon/WedlFn: 6:00- Noon; Sun:7:00-3:00. Own 
car. S8.50/hr. Contact Pat 298·1745.j5n·t4) 
EASY WORK IN YOUR SPARE TIMEI Mailing 
envelopes for out company. You can earn 
$1 ,000's weeklyl Just send a self·addressed, 
stamped envelope lor information to: Work at 
Home, 8070 La Jolla Shores Drive, Suite *242, 
la Jolla, CA. 92037 (511 1-61t) 
Votunteer Pe er Counselo rs Wanted: 
Psychotogical& Counseling Services is looking 
for peer counselors lorthe Alcohol & Substance 
Abuse Program, the Eating Concerns Program, 
Lesbian. Gay. Bisexual. Transgender Program 
and the Retationships Program lor the academic 
year, 19981t999. Applications availabte at 1003 
Galbraith Hall. Deadline May 20th, 1998. (511 ,. 
18) 

UCSD Bookstore 
WEBMASTER NEEDED ASAP. 

Studcnt position . $ t 0.94/I1r. 17- 19 hrs pcr 
week. Summer·fuillime. Job #914-155. 
Strong HTM L. Macinlosh. UNIX required. 
Applicant should be fun. conscientious, 
professional. responsibte. lealll player. hard· 
working. compelent . organized. crealiv~. 
Call: Mercdyth 534-4644. 

Trim & Tan seeking FIPT employment. Weekend 
and weekday shilts available. Call 455-0909. 
15111-21 ) 
MUSIKER TOURS AND SUMMER 
DISCOVERY SUMMER OPPORTUNITIES. 
Counselors needed lor our student travel 
programs andlor our pre·college enrichment 
programs. Applicants must be 21 years old by 
June 20, 1998. We need: mature, hardworking, 
energetic individuals who can dedicate 4-7 
weeks this summer working with teenagers. To 
receive an application or to find out more 
informalion : Call (888)8SUMMER or E·mail 
jen@summerlun .com (5 /11-614 ) 
Want an on campus job this summer? Work as 
a lileguard at our two on campus pools. You 
must be currently certilied in lileguard training, 
CPR/PRO, and Firsl Aid. You must be able to 
pass a swim and rescue test. Starting pay is 
$7.25/hour. Call 534-6036 if interested. (5/11 -
t4) 

Entry·level pOSition with growing mortgage 
company. No experience necessary. Phone 
and people skills a must. Full·tlme, salary plus 
commiSSion Including full benellts. medical. 
dentat. viSIOn. 401 K. Perfect for gradualtng 
senior. Contact James Williams at (6t9)597. 
9950 or lax resume to (619)597-9961 . (5/11. 
21) 
F ulVP art· time Nanny needed lor two great boys. 
3 and 6, In Carmel Valley. Must be fun·lovlng, 
non·smoker, English speaking with gooddnving 
record and own transportation. l ive-ou t. 534· 
3306 (5/t 1-1 4) 
Hiring full or par1 time baker. Benelits and 
vacation included. Java City Bakery 3324 
Governor Drive. Contacl Vlckey at 453·6052. 
(5111 -14) ____ _ 
On Campus tobopportunlty this Summerl Teach 
swim lessons to all ages/abllltl9s. You must be 
a hard worker, be currently ~ertrtied In CPR, 
Fllst Aid, and WSI or have equivalent hours 
teaching. $8Ihr. Call 534-5246 il interested. (51 
14-26) 
Sports Promoters, men and women, many 

ll1ursday, May 14 , 1998 

posijionsavailable PIT tolt free 1 (800)249-9058 
IlashpromoO hotmait.com (5114-26) 

www.4CRS.com 
Win a free computer 

Free service to 
College students 

The Herb Shop at UTC is seeking FT and PT 
employees. Herbal experience helplul, will train . 
Above average earnings. Friendlyenvironment. 
Opportunities lor both personal & prolessional 
growth. (888)648-9928. (5114-26) 
HELP WANTED · Certilied Financial Planner 
seeks part·time intern; lIex hours. Call Michael 
@ 558·7000 x326. (SIt 4-26) 
Software developer·outstanding long term 
opportunity with growing profitable San Diego 
medic al imaging compan y. Respond to 
mreicher@ worldnet.al1.net (5/14-611) 

www.4CR.com 
Get a job 
Free service to 

College students 

Asian Model SearCh . Females for calendar + 
magazine production earn extra income. no 
exp OK. Call now 619-688-8470. (Sl14-21) 
SUMMER PAINTING POSITIONS . UCSD 
Housing Maintenance is hiring S1udent painters 
lor the summerto assist wilh prep .. painting and 
drywa ll repairs . Begin 6/15/98 . Mon·Fri .. 
7:3Oam-4:00pm. $6.87Ihour. Pick up application 
from laune at 310 UCtr. (5/14'28_) __ _ 

Yoh Scientific needs: 
' Chemists 

-S iol.:hemists 
-M icrobiolog i sts 

'Molecu lar Bi o l og ists 
-Re search Assoc iates 

- LabTechnidansl Assistant s 
-C h emical E ngi neers 
Fax (619)622-9048 

Pho ne (619)622-9005 

2lJ~!~l 
ROOMMATES 

Beautiful Mira Mesa Apt. , seeking friendly cool 
roommate. to min. from UCSD. Near lots 01 
restaurants + stores. Available ASAP or starting 
611 /98 . $404.50 for own room . Lily @ 578-
7032. (4113-5128) 
Roommate(s) wanted lor 3 bedroom UTe 
town home. $400 plus 1/3 utilities or $600, 1/2 
utilities. Non·smoking. No pets. Kathryn, 619-
587-8595. (4/23-5118) 
Roommale needed lor 3 bedroom, 1.5 bath 
condo near UTC. $420/mo. + 1/3 utilities. 
Available start 611 . Includes pool, park. Please 
call Shawna at 452-2236. (5/4 ,28) 
Rooms lor rent in a beautilul 3 bdrm condo in 
Del Mar area. Own room. 2 car garage, wid, 
pool , spa, and tenn is. $400+ 1/3utWnies.Female 
non·smoker please . Ask lor Celeste. 794-1679. 
(517-18) 
Looking lor apar1mentmate lor summer and 
next school year, own room in Point Loma. near 
beach. $325/month. Available end June. NlS. 
222-0853 (5/11-21) 
Female roommate wanted in 3 bedroom 
townhouse. Non·smoklng. $384/month + 113 
utilities. Available June 22. Call Tamar 450-
9818 (5/11-14) 
Summer Roommate Wanted: Male. Share 
spacious master bedroom. Full bath, own closet. 
Quarter mile Irom campus. $2901month. Call 
Dave 625·8469. (5114 -18) 
Female housemate wanted lor 3 bedroom 
townhouse for Summer months. Non·smoking. 
$350/month + 1/4 utilities. Call Sheri 455·0902. 
(5114-21 ) 
Roommate Wanted . Available: 1 bedroom in a 

. beautiful La Jolla condo. $375 plus 1/3 utilities. 
Garage. pool, spa. lennis. located 3 minutes 
Irom UCSD. nearUTC. Mustlike dogs. Ava ilable 

August 1st. Call Uetissa 622-1232. (5114,26) 
Female roommate needed lor 4 bedroom UTC 
townho_. Own room, share ba th, wid, pool. 
$295 + 1/4 utilities. Call 455-6246. (5/14,28) 

FOR RENT 
UTClLa Jolla Colony TOwhome: 3·bedroom, 
2.5 bath, $1525, available late June. Washerl 
Dryer/Relrigerator. Near Vans, Costa Verde, 
UTC. 454·6462 (4127-5121 ) 
FOR RENT· Townhomes all sizes plus large 5 
bedroom homes. Reserve now lor SUmmer or 
fall. First come first served. 578-4257. (Sl4·t8) 
La Jolla Furnl.hldroom In Townhouse near 
UCSD + bus, utll"ies, laundry, kitchen. Prefer 
male Graduate or Post-<1oc. 5500; 450-6935. 
(5n- 18) 
Ocean Front Complex, 2 bedroom2 .5 bath 
condo, cathedra l ceilings. skylights, pools. 
tenni s, quiet, available Sept.·June. Solana 
Beach. $1300-S14001month. 481 -2205 (51t 1-
614) 
looking lor a sublet: Older, responsible woman 
seeks to sub let furnished studio orone bedroom 
apartment lor 1 t02 months this summer. Prefer 
quiet. safe, beach area. Call(619)490-1 146. (51 
11 -14) 
OWN YOUR OWN HOME. save rentS. Condos 
$100.000+. Homes$200.000... Special savings 
UCSD staff/students. Area expert, 20 years 
experience. REIMAX COASTALJud,th Haddox. 
274·4477. (5/~_ 
Huge Master bedroom availableJ une I , 
Genesee Highlands, $410 per month + 1/3 
utilities, own bathroom Lisa 457-7986. (Slt4 · 
26) 
UTCILa Jolla Colony Townhome. :!bedroom, 
2.5 bath. WasherlDryer, garage, pool. 5 min. 
from school. Call 558-8622. (5/14-21) 
4 bedroom house In Del Mar. Walk to beach! 
village. 158 7th St. $3000.00 month!year lease 
(619) 509,1 471 . .'-:(5~"_4':-:2-,6).,-.,-_ 
Two rooms available 911 in Mira Mesa Town 
House $263.5Q1mo. Near stores, communijy 
pool , 15 min from UCSD Megan 547-9093. (51 
14-28) 
Forrent: UTClLaJolia Mesa Estate 3-bedroom. 
1 1/2 bath condo S1250/month. Relrigerator. 
washer. dryer. End unit. quiet, near UCSD, 
ava ilable July t . Call Collect (626)286-5832. (51 
14-18) 

FOR SALE 
PowerMac, 150 Mhz 604 processor; 48MB 
Ram. 32GB SCSi drive, Two video cards, 
MacOS8. I +other software,$ t2000BOJambl 
458-2866. (517- '4) 
Bar size POOL TABLE w/accessories, rackl3 
stickslballs. Excellent condition wlo scralches 
or dents. $650 Modern @ 597-0943. (517-21 ) 
Pentium60systemw/2 .1 GB, 16mbRAM,CD· 
Rom, Modem, 13. t " monitor, printer. $5000.b.o. 
Call 558-8875. (5n·' 4) 
"Motiv Silhouel1e" Road Bike. 10 speed. In 
good condition, has new lires and tubes. $70 
o.b.o. Ca ll 558·8875. (517 ,14) 
1986 BMW 325i Excellentconditlon. Low miles. 
Sunrool. AMlFM Cassette. 5 spd. 2 door. Pewter 
gray. $5000 abo. 6t9-625-9267. (51 14-21) 
Used set goll clubs w/2 drivers; 1 titanium; 1 big 
bertha $250 or o.b.o. Call Scott 587-9666. (51 
14-21) 

VV ANT E D 
WE'RE LOOKING FOR A FEW GOOD 
SPERM. All races needed, Donors must be 20-
38 years. Compensation $50 per acceptable 
donation . Call OPTIONS (800) 886-9373. (212-
614) 
Jewish American subjects reimbursed for 
interview. " you are a UCSD student, 21 -25, 
call 552-8585 x4185 lor more informalion.(l1 
12-614) 

The UCSD Guardian 

~~~~~~ 
~WOMENWHO~ 
"V" ARE PROUD ~ ~ of their heritage, you ~ 

: may be eligible to be an : 
~ egg donor if you are ~ 
~ 21 -28 years, healthy, ~ 
~ responsible. ~ 
~ Call Stephan ie, FFC ~ 

~ 619·581-1820 ~ 
~ GENEROUS ~ 
~ COMPENSATION ~ 
~ Asian donors needed ~ 

~~~~~~ 
EGG DONORSNEEDEDI Have you considered 
helping an inler1 lle couple's dream come true? 
"you're 21-30 years and willing to help. please 
call OPTIONS at (800) 886-9373. All races 
needed. ~m~nsatlon 53,500. (3130-614) 

EGG DONORS 
WANTED 

If you are a heal thy female 
between the ages of 19 and 30 

and have health insurance . 
Compensation $3,500. 

Cali M irna Navas at 

(310) 829·6782 
for more info . 

Jewish American sublects reimbursed lor 

interview. "you are a UCSD student. 21-25. 

FIND 
Roommates 

Tickets 

Cars 

Rentals 

Auto Repair 

Sales 

Computers 

......... 

tile ...... . 
CI ...... ... 

call 552·8585 x4 I 85 lor more information. (31 
30-614) 
Males and lemales paid $30.00 lor intaNiew. " 
you are of Japanese, Korean, or Chinese 
descenl call VA. 552·8585 x2 t 82. (3130- 614) 
E)(TRAS needed lorshortf itm. Learn aboutfilm 
production. Food + a token $10/day. Sat, Uay 
16 shooting date. Call 760-439-2553. (517-1 I) 
UCSDALLERGY STUDY: Subjeclswith current 
allergy symptoms to inhaled allergens (dust, 
grass, animals) needed as blood donors. Will 
be reimbursed $35.00 lor blood donation. 
Contact 534-2374. (517- 18) 
Asian Model Search. Females lor calendar + 
magazine production earn extra income, no 
exp OK. Call 619-688-8470. (5114-21) 

SERVICES 
Passport photos. $5.95. Color Laser Copies, 
69 cents. Copies. B&W, 3.5 cents. Cal Copy, 
452·9949 (wilD). (412-614) 
Typing Service. 10 pages $25. 15 pages $30. 
Pick ups M,W.F; Will type In yourofficel Leave 
message at 310-581,9061 . (4116-614) 

AD.D IScaused by a biochemical predisposition 
and IS associated with depression, anxiety, 
PMS , poor school performance , work 
dlssatis lactlon and not working up to lu ll 
potential. For a Iree screening by an MD (G· 
44320) call the Atlenlion DeflCtI Disorder CIi",c 
al (6191485.6622 (5/4·21) 
Cheaper Peepersl Eye exam and complete 
pall 01 glasses only $99. Ten minutes from 
UCSD. Dr. Selby 0 .0. 578-6796. (Sl l I ·6/4) 
CONTACTS· Exam, Ilttlng, follow.up, one pair 
OW Softcontacts . only $89. Ask about our 
Incredible colored lens offer. Dr. Selby 0 .0. 
578·6796. (511" .'-61..:.4) _____ _ 

LOST & FOUND 
lost: Silver men's ring wlblack engraving. Lost 
on 5/4 near Library Walkl Ccnter Hall. Reward 

CLASSIREDS 29 

aliened. Please cal 558-2393. (S/Hil4) 
Found: Set of3X5index cards found in 8E231C 
(Warren LectureHall2207)onApr~3Oth.Come 
to EBUI, Room 4109 to pick up. (5111-614) 
Lost: a small siiver & gold watch (Guessbrand). 
I'm desperatell Ha1/9 you seen it? Call Jessica 
534-5226. (Sl14-6I4) 

PERSONALS 
I'M LOOKING FOR 
th e driver of a gold sedan 
(woman with brownlblonde 
hair, early 20's, wearing a 

tank top and jeans) 
Was shopping atCiOlhestime 

La Jona Village Center 
around 1 :00 on Monday, 5/4 

Please ca ll S.). at 
760-433-4727 

PropoSition 227 Debate Panel. Issac Kabios, 
editor 01 Latino Beat, Ms. Salinas, County· 
Board of Education and Theresa Vallodolid will 
be presenting bilingual education proponents 
@ Cross cunura l Center Thurs. May t 4, TODAY 
from 4:30-6:00. Free· All Welcome. FFI 534-
4390. (5114) 
Dear Alex , t lost your phone number; need your 
help. Call Rod 456-6317. It was nice to meet 
you . (5/~ 
Happy B·Day (5/16) Lisa Hull! You're linally 
legall Love, the G·stall. (5I_'~4),--___ _ 
Ocean Spray Clamalo juice is now claiming in 
ads that it's "95% ctam Iree: Maybe they can 
come up with a formula that's 100% clam free. (5114

2
) _________ _ 

Oh, shut up: A ninth grader in L.A. is boasting 
that he'II be playing in the NBA before his senior 
year In high school. Take out the trash first. (51 
14) 
Oh shut up, pt. 2: Now Ihat Seinleld is ending, 
the TV magazine shows can stop hunting down 
that whin ing Soup Nazi. Sorry about all that 
harmlul fnee pUblicity. (5114) 

Student openings at Geisel, 
Biomedical, International 

Relations(Pacific Studies, Scripps 
Institution of Oceanography, and 
Hillcrest Medical Center Libraries 

Work on campus, near home, or by 
the beach! 

~ Apply Now!!! ~ 

University- of ~an Die80 
• Experienced Faculty 
I Lecture Courses 
I In-Class Practice Exams 
• You Score in Top 25 % or 

Take Next Course Free 

Test Preparation Courses 
Serra Hall 316, Alcala Park, 
San Diego, CA 
92110 



30 SPORTS 

~~~tvJ; !&1fJJl&~~ ~ 
BUY • S E ~"'~~ R AD E HIGHQM~E& 

HIP NEWER STYLES 
J~ ~nglasses, silver 

jewelry, blow up 
furniture ... 

6903 La Jolla Blvd 
(at Nautilus) 

551-7057 
open 7 days 

Sensitive, Affordable Dental Care 
We're [~ kin g a new li ttle approach ro dental care. Convenient hou rs 
and location. Gentle and caring treatment at affordable fees. All in a 
sma ll , ncw dcntal o((i c wi th " video and current rcading material to 
put you at ease during your visit. 

We're committed to doing our heSt 10 proVIde preventative, cosmetic, 
and reslorative dental care to keep your dental bill down , you r mouth 
healthy, and your smi le bright. Callus today. 

LA JOLLA VILLAGE DE~TAL OFFICE 
ames E. Sanford, D.D.S. 

General, Preventarive, and Cosmetic Se rvices 
M Oll U SO rnSI/Tame accepted • Reillxcd. friendly atmosphere ' V.d.!o/SlCreo 

• Member ADA . CDA. SOCDS 

La Jolla Village Professional Center 
8950 Villa La Jolla Dr., Suite 2103 

Top Flour, behind Rock Bottom Brewery 
Evening & Saturday appomtments avatlable 

1-5 at LA Jolla Village Dritle 558-3490 

The UCSD Guardian 

MEN'S 
ULTIMATE 

Consider the snowhall to be 
oni l: i'lll y rolling. 

With a third-place fini sh at last 
wee kend 's men's ultimate di sc 
West Coast Regionals, the UCSD 
squad had it s best fini sh ever. 

The boys had an eXl:ellent regu-
lar season, and carried that confi-
denl:e into Regionals. 

On the first day, Ihe Squids had 
high hopes for their poul play. In a 
formal similar 10 World Cup soc-
l:er, UCSD had to play well against 
it s four opponents to ad vance 10 Ihe 
second round. 

How does going 4-0 sound? The 
Squids dominated every team that 
stepped up to Ihem, and easil y 
ad vanced to the next round. Unfor-
tunatel y, they lost to Stanford, 8-5, 
in Ihe semifinal round. In Ihis tour-
nament , though, the second rou nd 
was double elimination, and UCS1) 
en tered into the backdoor bracket. 

The Squids faced off agai nst the 
Uni versity of Briti sh Columbia 
(Canada) and cruised 10 a 13-7 vic-
tory. That put the boys into the 
backdoor final against the Blul:k 
Tide of UC Santa Barbara. wi th the 
winner earning a spOI in the 
Nati onal tournament. 

Unfortunately, Ihe Squids didn ' l 
have enough offense, and fell to the 
Tide, 15-9. Nevertheless, UCS D 
was sati sfi ed wi th its performance 
<I S it finished with a No. 9 National 
ranking. 

The men's ultimate disc team 

Ca" •• ,,.' W.r .. C .. rclI •• 
vtindg>~~~ 

fabul8us Sun G8d festival? 
UC8D! 

After a big day at the Sun God 
Festival, sucking up the sun and 
enjoying the great music, you'll be 
ready for a nice hot and filling meal 

at one of Dining Services' tasty restaurants! 
So get you're fill of post-midterms 

fun and then pop on over to Club Med, 
Canyon Vista, Dining Express, Earl's 
Place, La Casa, Munch Box, Oceanview 
Terrace, Plaza Cafe, Rathskeller, Sierra Summit, or 
Snackropolis to fill up on snazzy yum-yums and 

\ 

replace that energy you used up 
boogying all day! Have a blast-
use your sunscreen, and don't 

forget Dining Services 
for a great meal after 

the Sun God Festival! 

Love, 
~'tetchen 

expects nothing but greatness in the 
future, although it wi 11 lose the ser-
vices of seniors Ben Finkelor (two-
time ca ptain ), Kyle Schl eifer. 
Bryan Qualls and Davis Danks. 

- Travis HIli 

WOMEN'S 
ULTIMATE 

So beg ins the "what if' game. 
What if we would have made 

that catch? What if wc would have 
made that adjustment ? What if that 
l:a ll had gone our way ? 

The UCSD women's ultimate 
disc squad was forced into play ing 
th is dreadful game on the way 
home from the Regional competi -
tion at UC Santa Cruz last week-
end. 

The lad ies had made their way 
through a fantasti c regular season 
and expected big things at the 
Regionals. But , after sweep ing it s 
pool with victories over the Uni-
ve rsity of Vietori a (Canada) Hum-
boldt Stale and Santa Cruz, UCSD 
lost its quarterfi nal match with UC 

Thursday, May 14, 1998 

Berkeley. Then, in the b'l£kdoor 
game, it fell 10 the Bumin' sti;rtS of 
UC Santa Barbara, 7-6, in over-
time. 

The Santa Barbara match was 
especia lly di ' appointing - UCSD 
had had sliccess against UCSB all 
season long. Ironica lly, it was the 
Skirts that put an end to the ladies' 
season. 

Despi Ie the sensation a play of 
Beth Lewis, Heather Vickery and 
Meg Parker, UCSD still fell shOl1 
of it s goa l to make the Nati onal 
tournament. 

After the squad gets over the 
loss however, there is a new "what 
if ' game to pl ay. By only losing 
two scni ors (a lthough one is Lewis, 
team leader and founder). CSD 
will soon be asking itself, 'What if 
we' re even beller next year?" 

- Travis Hili 

WEEKEND 
AHEAD 
SURFING: The surf team 
contjF'Uc.s ils season at the Surf 
States competition, Saturday and 
Sunday in Newport Beach. 

**** 
CYCUNG: The l:yd ing team 
trave ls to Nationals competition, 
Saturday and Sunday in Soul h 
Carolina . 

**** 

OUTDOOR PRODUCTS 
Aoadtripper (Carry·On) $8999 

comp $125.00 

MEl Flying Scotsman I (Carry.On) 
Detachable Daypack $15999 
"'~jpIo.""" comp $125.00 

MEl Trekker I (Carry.On) 
Detachable Daypack 
Side Pocke~ 17999 
eomp $240.00 

Thursday, May 14, 1998 

Pumpin' 
Up With 
Jonah Nlsenson 
Bay Area Boy 
Admires McGwire 

Being that I am from North-
ern California, and being that I 
am a Bay Area spons fan , I feel 
it is about time to l:omment on 
the phenomenon known as 
Mark McGwire. I mean, holy 
jeez, thi s guy is amazing. 

Recently, the 6-foot-5 red-
headed giant went yard for his 
400lh and 40 I st home runs, 
making him the fastest player to 
reach the 400 home-run plateau 
in major-league baseball hi sto-
ry. 

He did it in 4,726 at-bats , 
128 fewer than the great Babe 
Ruth. 

Last year, when McGwire 
was traded from the Oakland 
Athletics to the SI. Louis Cardi-
nals midway through the sea-
son, he had already amassed 34 
home runs (one every 10.8 at 
bats). In SI. Louis , he was 
reunited with hi s old manager, 
Tony LaRussa, and went to 
work, hitting 24 more dongs 
(one per 7.3 at-bats) en route to 
a 58 season total. He proved just 
how reachable Roger Maris' 
record of 61 really is. 

This season, the red-bird 
brute is hitting a not-too-shabby 
.301 with 14 homers and 43 
RBIs. One can imagine that not 
too many pitchers like facing 
the guy. He can take them 
downtown with 500-fool-plus 
home runs. This alone could 
account for the fact he has 43 
bases-on-balls on the season; 
however, one must also factor in 
that he has an excellent eye to 
go along with his bat speed. 

When I was a tot, we would 
go to A's games when the San 
Francisco Giants weren't in 
town and marvelled at McG-
wire 's had in his bat speed. He 
could get around on pitches that 
I'd be taking solid off the groin 
region . Later, when playing 
ball , I would mimic that erouch 
of McGwire's , keeping the 
stance closed and the hands 
relaxed and steady. 

The truly astounding aspeet 
of McGwire 's game is hi s abili-
ty to hit the ball exceptionally 
hard and exceptionally far. He 
hits balls distances a cannon 
couldn't shoot. Just recently, he 
also hit the longest ball ever out 
of Busch Stadium. 

Despite all of his prowess as 
a ballplayer, he remains humble. 
He is the guy that makes you 
glad you became a baseball fan 
and are sti II a baseball fan. 

He signs autographs, doesn't 
talk himself up and doesn't talk 
din about hi s team members or 
anyone else around the league. 
That in and of itself is enough to 
constitute greatnes in this day 
and age , but add 40 I homers to 
that and you have yourself a 
future hall-oi-famer. 

The UCSD Guardian 

- Sports Lushes 

Surfers at UCSD are as 

common as Bio majors -

But what non-surfers don't 

understand about the 

sport is what surfers can't 

explain - ride with 

Guardian sports insider 

John Maynard as he 

takes everyone ... 

By John Maynard 
Staff Writer 

Sports l\Iustrated. called UCSD 
the beSt eo liege in the nation for 
surfers. It is .. 

Just a 15-minute walk down the 
trail to Black's Beach (or 30-second 
drive - if you've got connections), 
is one of the best beach breaks on 
the planet. 

Surfer magazine has called 
Black's "possibly the only beach 
break that stans to look more like 
G-Land the bigger it gets ." 

In other words, when Black's 
gets big, it gets epic. 

And epic it was this winter. 
Black's Beach was firing this 

January and February. While many 
were scratching into acid drops at 
Todos Santos (and winning the K2 
$50,000 prize), those who stayed 
behind paddled through endless 

soup to catch ome of the biggest 
and cleanest Black's waves ever. 

Ask anyone who spent time in 
the water this winter and his face 

will reluctantly admit she had to 
ditch her board and swim deep once 
or twice, hoping not to get sucked 
through the back of a sneaker set-

wave. will shine with 
heroic stories of 
getting spit out of 
stand-up barrels. 
His eyes will light 
up with detailed 
accounts of back-
dooring into deep 
pits . 

She will te ll 
tal es of 30-second 
hold downs In 
which she was 
dragged along the 

And you will 
ask, "Why?" 

Why go through 
all of that for one 
wave, for one drop, 
for one barrel" 

The surfers will 
not have an answer. 
They'll just shrug 
and smile. 

Since surfing 

Ask anyone who 
.... spent time In 
the wat. this 
winter and their 
face will .... ne 
with heroic 
stories of getting 
spit out of 
stancklp ......... has been around, 

people have tried to 
pinpoint the essence of the sport. 
We've had our "Gidget" as well as 
our "North Shore." But these 
movies have not done justice to 
surfing. "Gidget" glamorized the 

sand for hundreds of yards hoping 
she'd eventually punch through the 
surface and gasp some sweet air. 
She will tell you aboul gelling 
caught inside for 20 minutes. She 

SPORTS 31 

Joe Aniiulo/Guatdian 
surfer. "North Shore" just made the 
surfer seem really lame ("Well hoa-
ley to you, too."). Even the latest 
effort by surfers themselves, the 
$10 million "blockbuster," "In 
God's Hands," fell way short, ren-
dering surfers completely moronic 
and incomprehensible. 

There is no simple answer to the 
essence of surfing. Perhaps a shrug 
and smile is the best way to e)(plain 
it in fear of exploiting it. 

Surfers have always tried to 
explain the feeling - to their girl-
friends, their boyfriends and their 
parents - who have stressed out 
about their loved ones spending 
more time in the water than in bed 
or at home. 

Surfers have been just as frus-
trated. They can't. explain what 
wakes them up before sunrise, or 

See ESSENCE, Page 27 

UCSD in Striking Distance After Two Days 
NAnONALS: Tritons 
are currently in fourth 

. 

By SUn RahImi 
Senior Slaff Writer 

Nobody said it was going to be 
easy. Fact is, Methodist College -
the Division In version of Goliath 
- has won seven of the last eight 
NCAA Golf Championships, 
including the last four in a row. 

The Methodi st College admini -
tration feels no guilt in providing 
"Golf Management" degrees -

bypassing the no-scholarship rules 
of Division III athletic competition. 
So it's no surprise 
that the North Caroli -
na-based institution 
leads the pack at the 
1998 NCAA Champi-
onships. The 72-hole 
event is taking place 
at the Oleander 
course at leckyl 
Island Golf Club in 
Jeckyllsland, Ga. 

After the tournament's first two 

rounds - completed Monday and 
Tuesday, respectively - the 

solid 294. 

Methodist College 
Monarchs lead the 
23-team field with a 
score of 587 after a 
second-day low of 
292. On Monday, 
Otterbein College of 
Ohio took a I-stroke 
lead over UCSD and 
Methodist with a 

1be Tritons' overall score of 

295 on the day was due in large 
part to Greg Uberuaga's outstand-
ing play. The senior and captain of 
the squad, Uberuaga fired an 
incredible 68 - good for the lour-
ney lead by 2 strokes over Mil-
likin's Travis Anderson (70). Team-
mates lames Donahoe and Greg 
lohnson tied for 11th with a couple 
of 73s, whi Ie Jeremy Byrd (81) and 
Darin Sullivan (83) filled out the 
295. 

Tuesday, however, turned out to 
See -0IIeIA, Page 27 

.. 

• 

• 

• 

.. 

• 




