
Elsewhere 
Contract Halts Dog 
Cloning Project 
COLLEGE STATION. Texas 
- Texas A&M University's 
efforts to clone the lirst dog. 
otherwise known as the 
Missyplicity project. have 
been slowed by legal prob-
lems. The alidity of the con-
tract for the project is now 
being questioned . Eleven-
year-old Missy's owners are 
funding the , 2.3 million 
attempt to clone her with 
hopes of producing another 
dog like her in two years. Lou 
Hawthorne. the project man-
ager. sa id that Missy is a 
"spayed mutt of uncertain ori -
gin where the only means of 
reproduction is cloning." 
Hawthorne also said that suc-
cessfully cloning Missy could 
lead to advances in pharnw-
ceutical contraception for 
dogs thereby reducing the siz-
able homeless dog popUlation . 

- The Ballal iOIl 

Vandals Plague 
Yale University 
NEW HAVEN. Conn . -
Two weeks ago. vandals 
shattered the glass front of a 
vending machine and stole 
candy and potato chips at 
Yale University, campus offi-
cials sa id . Last Monday 
night, vandals painted a por-
tion of the basement of a res-
idence hall blue and black. 
Hand prints, drawings and 
occasional nonsensical words 
were also were also painted 
on the entryway. The vandals 
wrote "TUPA LIVES" and 
Just above that was the word 
"REVOLUTION" with a 
backwards R. The dean char-
acterized the incidents as 
"extremely uncool" and has 
asked all students to report 
any suspicious behavior. 

- Yale Daily News 

Professors File 
Discrimination Suit 
MINNEAPOLIS, Minn . -
Two professors of Chinese ori-
gin , Yu-Shih Chen and 
Stephen Wang, are planning to 
lile suit against the University 
of Minnesota. The professors 
allege that the university dis-
criminated against them and 
the Department of East Asian 
Languages, Literatures and 
Linguistics. They said the 
University did not provide 
enough educators or funding 
to support students in the pro-
gram. Judy Schemler, the pro-
fessors ' attorney, said that 
because the program was so 
understatTed, Chen worked for 
45 months straight without 
taking a sabbatical. 

- Minnesota Daily 

Spoken ••• 
"It's hard to put into 
words. It breaks my 
heart to hear that this 
type of thing keeps on 
happening." 

- Franc.sco CarusI 
Co-<;hair of Chancellor's Advisory 

Committee for LGBTA Issues 
See story at right 

Internet: www.ucsd.edu/guardian 
E·mail: guardis"ucsd.edu 

Future Success 
UCSD Graduate Student Jenn~fer 
Morse demonstrates the potential of 
all students to succeed 

Education 
Will the Model 
School benefit or 
hurt UCSD ? 

Double OT 
Men 's soccer 
battles Dominican 
University 

Features, page 11 Opinion, page 4 Sports, page 24 

UC AN DIEGO 

Taking the 
time to react, 

the UC D 
campus 
conten~plates 
the meaning 

of Matthew 
hepard}s 

slaying 

econd 
In a 

Two-Part 
eries 

lisa Huff/ Guardian 
SOMBER: Morelia Portillo 

observes a moment of 
silence during the Friday's 

rally. 

, H E u c 

MAnHEW SHEPARD 

jorANSWERS 
Few events have the power to mobilize a bar in Laramie. Wyo., and took him to the out-community to action. skirts of town, where they allcgcdly beat and The brutal murder of 22-year-old robbed him. University of Wyoming student After two passing bicyclists found Shepard Matthew Shepard last week has lead to 18 hours later. he was taken to the Pouure 

a renewed focus at UCSD and ultimately across Valley Hospital in Fort Collins. Colo. There, he 
the nation on hate crimes. I NEWS ANALYSIS I rel~ained in. critical condition 

On campus last week,. . untIl he dIed early rn Ihe 
many students, faculty and staff made an effort morning on Mon., Oct. 12. 
to raise public awareness about hate crimes by Francesco Carusi, co-chair of the UCSD's 
wearing green armbands in honor of Shepard Chancellor's Advisory Committee for Leshian, 
and by participating in a rally on Library Walk. Gay, Bisexual and Transgendcr Issues , said hc 

Shepard, who was openly gay. died live days hopes t/lat Shepard 's death wi ll not go unheed-
after Russell Arthur Henderson and Aaron ed. Carusi said that the tragedy may motivate 
James McKinney allegedly lured him from a See TOLERANCE, Page 3 

By Eric Brace and Erika Snidel~ enior Stqll \'(/riters 

5 D 

8 

Engineering 
Receives Over 
$22 Million 
FUNDS: Whitaker Foundati n 
and Charle Lee Powell 
Foundation make c ntribution 
By Elaine Wong 
Guardian Reporter 

The Irwin and Joan Jacobs chool of 
Engineeri ng has becomc the targct of a 
donation streak . Last Wednesday, the 
Whi taker Foundation announccd it had 
donated $13.8 million to the Dcpartment or 
Bioenginecring. At the same timc, the 

harles Lee Powell Foundation announced 
it had made an R.3 million contribution to 
the Jacobs choo' of Engineering. 

SD and Johns Hopkins nivcrsily arc 
the firsl univcrsities 10 receive Ihe Whiwkcr . 
Foundation Leadership Award. The goa l or 
the award is to promote the biomedical engi-
neering program~ at major research univer-
sities . . 

"There has heen an unprecedented explo-
sion of new biological information generat-
ed through programs like the Human 
Genome Project." said Shu hien , chair of 
the Department of Bioengi neering. "It is our 
cha llenge to synthesize thi s information by 
using a combination of engineering and bio-
medical sciences, and organize it in a way 
that wi II lead to medical advances to 
improve the health and well-being or people 
as we enter the next millennium." 

Chien also said thai the grants will help 
UCSD's bioengineering department reach 
its goals at the beginning of the next centu-
ry. 

"We are ex tremely gratefu l to the 
Whitaker Foundation and the Powell 
Foundation for partnering with us to realiLe 
this vision," he said. . 

The Jacobs School of Enginecring wi ll 
usc the Whitaker Leadership Award and the 
donation from the Charles Lec Powell 
Foundation for several different purposes. 

"These remarkable gifts will allow us to 
sustain and enhance the excellence of our 

See DONATIONS, Page 3 

Faculty Approve Move to Division II In Mail Ballot 
DECISION: Profe sor 
vote 324-193 in favor of 
the change last week 
By Jennifer Grady 
Staff Writer 

The debate over whether to 
move to Division II athletics was 
laid to rest Wednesday when the 
results from the Academic Senate 
Mail Ballot were released. The fac-
ulty voted 324 to 193 in favor of the 
move. 

UCSD is scheduled to begin 

participating in Division II sports in 
the fa ll of 2000. 

The mail ballot was the linal 
step in UCSD's Iwo-year cam-
paign to move from Division III to 
Division II athletics. The motion 
for a mail ballot of the approxi-
mately 1.400 faculty members was 
brought forth last pring by 25 
Senate members after the 
Academic Senate Rcpresentative 
Assembly voted in favor of the 
move. 

The move was made under 
three conditions: no athletic schol-

arships would be awarded to ath-
letes, academic admissions ' crite-
ria wou ld not change and no gen-
era l fund ' wou Id be used for ath-
leti cs. 

The money for athletics comes 
from registration fees, which is al 'o 
the source of funds for many other 
academic and social programs. A.S. 
President Joe Leventhal said that 
the exact ources Qf funding for the 
move are still pending because 
James Langely. vice chancellor of 
external relations. and Judy Sweet. 
director of athletics, are currently 

meeting to discuss fundraising . 
The average Division II school 

spends $2.3 million a year on alh-
letic programs. In the past, UCSD 
has spent approximately half a mil-
lion a year each year on athletics. 
Vice Chancellor of Student Affairs 
Joseph Watson said he guarantees 
that there will be no increase in fees 
during the next five years in order 
to complete the move to Division 
n. 

Former A.S. President Colleen 
Sabatini fir t suggested the move to 

See ATHLETICS, Page 2 



2 NEWS 

ATHLETICS: 
Leventhal said move 
will improve spirit 
Continued from ..... 1 
Division II in 1996. At that time, 
~tudents voted 87 percent in favor 
of the move in a campuswide refer-
endum VOle. 

The last three A .S. councils 
have abo promoted the move to 
Division II. Leventhal and 
AL:ademi L: enate Ch'lir John 
Goodkind ooth said that ChanL:ellor 
Robert Dyne~ has demonst rated his 
support L:onsistent ly throughout the 
decision pro<.:es~ . 

Leventhal said thai ~dlOOI ~ pirit 
will hopefully he improved with 
the change in division. 

"This is a slep into the realm of 
the L:ampu~," he said. " We are start -
ing to fOl:US more on student life. 
Unlike Berkeley and UCLA, we 
are a very young campu~ and arc 
still figuring things out. 

" The move won ' l drasti<.:ally 
change our perception of the uni -
versi ty, but wilh the L:hance to play 
other UCs and ICalifornia State 
Universities], there definitely exists 
the d13nce for rivalry and school 
spirit," he added. 

With the move to Division II , 
UCSD will compete against more 
competitive Sd1001s. In Divi sion 
III. UCSD wa~ mal<.:hed against 
small Sd100 ls with slUdent popula-
lions ranging from SIX) to 3S00. In 
Division II . UCSD will he wmpel-
ing against schools wilh student 
populations sim ilar to ours . 
Additionally, the majorit y of 
Division II s<.:hools award sdlOlar-
ships for athletiL:s. 

Leventhal said that our athlete, 
have the talent \0 make Ihe mow. 

" We rcceived Ihe Scars up 
Award Ihis year. indicaling that 
UCSD is the top Divi sion III 
school in the nation," he said . "We 
can't get any heller than thaI. even 
being ~everely underfunded. As a 

member of Division II , we can 
play in conferen<.:es and tourna-
ment ·. This makes the seaso n 
longer, enabling students to gain 
more out of the rigorous hours they 
spenu praL:licing." 

Many of the faculty wcre 
opposed to the move 10 Division II. 
Goodkind said he is in favor of the 
move. but he has some reserva-
tions. He sa id thai many faculty 
members were worried that the 
move would lead to athleti<.: schol -
ar~hips. which would be in wn llict 
with the stri ct aL:ademic criterion 

u~ed as hasi~ for admission . 
" The L: rileri on for admission 

here is - and ~ hould he - entire-
ly academi<.:," Goodkind said. "Thi~ 
is a very high- level acauemiL: insti -
tuti on. We're not il1lerested in 
hringing athletes in here who don' t 
qualify on an acadcmiL: basis. [I' the 
Issue lof ~L:holarshipsJ comes up 
again, I ' m ~ure the facult y will say 
no, regardless o f what the ~tudcnts 
wanl." 

Goodkind added Ihat the faL:ulty 
has always li stened to student s, and 
many fa<.:ulty members felt thi s 
Illove was appropriate. 

"The faL:u It y is here for a long 
time. and most of the students are 
only here for four years," Goodkind 
said . "Thus, thcy have to <.:onsidcr 
the long- term effects. But in thi s 
L:ase, happil y, there seems to he an 
agreement." 

UCSD was the six th -rank ed 
national puhllc university in thi s 
year's U.S. NewJ alld Woril/ Report 
rankings. Leventhal said that Ihe 
IllOVC signi fi es that the UCSD pop-
ulalion is focusing on wllege life, 
and is oeL:Oming a more well -
rounded institution. 

"This is a slep in a proL:ess, nOl 
a JirCL:1 jump to Divi sion II," 
Levelllhal said. "Our ranking thi s 
year is highcr than it 's ever been. 
I'm ex tremely eX<.:ited aoout the 
move and it 's very much appreciat-
ed that the faL:Ulty supported the 

See ATHLEnCS, Page 9 

GUARDIAN 
WALT DICKINSON 

Edt/or in ChIld" 
JULIA KUllA·MADER & MEGAN SMITH 

Munuqiny I:.[lil(lr.' 
TABITHA GRANSHAW & LAURA KNIGHTEN 

Copy E.'Ji/rlr> 
LEENA SHANKAR & ERIKA SNtDER 

Nf!ll'S F:ditors 
JESStCA SCHEPPMANN 

feu/ures 8di/or 
MARC COMER 
Opinirm I:"f/tlor 
JEFF BARKER 

A ... wcw tl! Opmnm f:dllor 
JAKE GORDON & JOHN MAYNARD 

S()(Jrl.i f,·dt/ur., 

TRAVtS HILL 
: !l.wCtO/1! .\;mrls Edllnr 

LINDSAY SWORSKI 
/liulm t'd,tor 
DAVE LUBITZ 
Photo Ed,lor 
LISA HUFF 

I b,\"UCIll /t' Plro(o Elli/or 
JOHN BARBER 

Grurhrrs Editor 
NICK RUNCO ()e.,i."" f :d,lor 

SENIOR STAFF WRITERS 
Jut.fI Bart:M!l , Genf'VICve COk . MiJ')' Higgins. laUfd KllIghlt'r1 

Daile LulJftz Annam Manm,fam. Jenny NIChOlSon. Mark ~llll lIl 
STAFF WRlTERS 

KiH' Friedman. Vincent Gragn')Il! . Christine P,mf,lln. rvc Scnuly 
ILLUSTRATORS 

Mike Belle. KristIne Chang. Austill HSla Ahce lIn. Joe Pan. JosephinE: Robert~ . Nlchola~ RullCu 
DESIGNERS ChriS Moran. Karen Tran. Thomas Weng 

WEBMAST£R Brlaf) Wl~ner 
COMPUTER SUPPORT Dih'lo Gllr..ksman 

ADVERTISING ASSISTANT Melodv Gonldles 
CIRCULATION ASSISTANTS 

NfWId Ahpour. Jason AII~n. PllllllP GOldman. Ethan levy, MOllv M.ch3ells. JaCob Meyberg 

ANN BAREFtELD 
lJu~mL'.~., MU1Iuljer 

BROCK HALTER 
Adl'crll.\mq McJlluqef 

MIKE MARTINEZ 
. ltit 'l!rJlsm.q I\rl /)trt!dor 

YVETTE ALeALA 
. t (".\ttJl1ll1u.'W1t!.\.\· Mantlgf!r 

ADVERTISING DESIGN II LAYOUT JOt! Piln . John Btuber. Kafl FrIedman. Casey Bunenhuys 

The UCSD Guardian 15 fltruho;hect Mondays and 1 hursdays durIng the dcademlC year by and tor 
tile stuOent$ Of UCSO. ReprOC:IUC(lon 01 (illS newspaper In any form. wheth r In wllOle or In 
OtUt , WIthout permiSSIon IS sttlctly prohibIted. C L99S. tlllllghtS re~r~t!d. T~ UCSD GUdrd/lf( I 
IS not ((>sPQnslbte lor tllP fetum of unsollclteo manuscripts or art. The views exptessed herein 
do nvt fl{~ce~sarlly rcpr)~ nt Ihe opInion of TIle UCSD GUllfdlall. th(' UnM.HSI1"y 01 California or 
Ih A SOt;lI)tud tudenlS. n't: UCSD Guardll)() IS funded solely by advertl In8. 
Campus bUnnies fear Stuart Art. SIege Plans are hIdden on We thIrd floor 01 Geisel library 

Nws/Foatures: 5345226. Gen ral EOlloflal : 5346581 
Opinion/Sports 5346582. IIlotus· 5346583 
AdVCrtlslng Oillco: 5343466. Fax: 5347691 

e mdll gUBrd'iJn~uc$d.Cdu 
GuarrJrJn Onlln nr'D.//WWW ucsd edu/guiJrrJran/ 

UCSD Guardian, 9500 Gilman Dr[ve 0316, 
La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 

Actual location Second Aoo, . UCSD Student Centcr BUilding ·A·. Rm 217 

The UCSD Guardian Monday. October 19, 199M 

LIFE IN HELL 

BRIEFLY ••• 

~~--~--------------~~ 

T\-IAT w,,~ "1i-IE.Il? 
N p,,,,, E.. T 1-110 " 
WEQE.iV·f QEI>,lLj 

hl~E.c.iS' . T"E~ 
SAoJ(, QE.ALt~ 
6QE.AT SO"-'(", 
AoJ O T\-IE'l W loll. EO 
C.A\'LE.v nlt BE .. T .... r . 

Scientists to Attend Conference 
Five Scripps Institution of Oceanography scientists 

who are involved in many aspects of global climate-
change research will participate in a United Nations 
conference on climate change in Buenos Aires from 
Nov. 2 to Nov. 12. 

Professors Charles Keel ing, Ray Weiss, Jeff 
Severinghaus and Richard Somerville will present 
research in disciplines ranging from geochemistry to 
meteorology. Scripps Director of International 
Relations Lisa Shaffer will also attend the conference 
in order to help coordinate work on different data pol· 
iCy issues. 

The information generated at the conference will 
help policy Illakers , delegates and science advisors 
from around the world become aware of the factors 
affecting climate change. 

The delegation is coordinated by the University of 
California Institute on Global Confl ict and Cooperation 
(IGCC), located on the UCSD campus. IGCC is a multi· 
campus research center that bridges the academic 
and policy communities. The center has recently 
developed a statewide program on global climate 
change in order to bring objective scientific and tech-
nical expertise to the UN climate-change negotiatIOns. 

Three .Faculty Receive National 
Recognition for Publications 

Amy Bridges, a professor of political science, has 
received the American Political Science Association's 
(ASPA) Award for the Best Urban Politics Book In 
1997. The book, Morning Glories: MUl1Icipal Reform in 
the Southwest. traces reform politics and government 
in large southwestern ci ties since 1901. 

Gary Cox , professor of political science, won mul· 
tiple awards for his book Making Votes Count. He 
rece ived the ASPA award for best book on political 
economy. as well as the ASPA 's Luebbert Book Prize 
for best book on comparative politics. Cox also won a 
third ASPA prize , the Woodrow Wtlson Foundation 
Award , for the best book on government, politics or 
II1ternational affairs. 

In addition, Steve Epstein, an associate professor 

Errata 
10/15/98 

of sociology, received grants from the National 
Science Foundation and the Robert Wood Johnson 
Foundation for a research project on • Social Equity, 
Group Identity, and Medical Management or 
Difference: Epstein is the author of the book Impure 
Science: Aids, Activism, and the Politics of 
Knowledge. 

San Diego Festival Welcomes 
International Students 

For its fourth consecutive year, San Diego will bring 
together international and local students, schools , 
universities. civic and cultural organizations and local 
businesses for an evening full of music, culture and 
fun on Oct. 23 from 8 p.m. to 2 a.m. at the Ooubletree 
Hotel in Fashion Valley. The festival is expected to 
draw 2,500 students this year. 

The event is held to help international students get 
acquainted with other students, as well as to connect 
them with local organizations and businesses that 
provide the goods and serv ices they need. It also 
helps San Diego community members see the contri·. 
butions international students and international edu· 
cation make to the city's economy, culture and way of 
life. Tickets are on sale at Council Travel , located in 
the Price Center. 

Copyrights and Unfair 
Competition Workshop to be Held 

On Oct. 21 from 4:30 p.m. to 6:30 p.m. in the 
Davis and Rive rside Room in the Price Center, John 
Benassi, managing partner from Lyon & Lyon, will con· 
duct a workshop on the protection of intellectual prop-
erty. 

Topics of the workshop Include baSIC definitions of 
copyrights, trademarks and patents, how to obtain 
them, the protection the laws provide for intellectual 
property and guidelines for using material that is 
either t rademarked or copyrighted. In addition, 
Benassi will discuss the Digital Millennium Copyright 
Act that Congress recen Iy passed. 

The opinion story titled "Victors in California Election Predicted" was 
attributed to the wrong writer. The actual writer was Tommy Vu . 

i am hetter than you. 

The Guardian regrets the error. 

Monday, Octohcr I Y, I YYK 

TOLERANCE: 
Carusi commends 
Dynes for support 
Continued from page 1 
pcop le to look at ways to make 
UCSD a more tolerant and educat-
ed at m()~pht:re . 

" It \ hard to put into word~." 
Caru si said. " Ii hreaks my heart to 
hear thut thi ~ type or thing keeps 
on happening. We have to be vigi -
lanl. and it's something we ha ve to 
work togcther on tn make this 
campu~ and the world safe from." 

Koj o Ri chardson , a Warren 
junior. was eating lunch at Pri l:e 
Center during the rall y. He said 
that Shepard's murder wus unac-
ceptable. 

" You may not believe or like 
[gays], but you have to respect 
them." Ri <.: hardson said . ,.[ would -
n't hang out wilh them. but you 
don' t kill them:' 

More than 300 students attend-
ed Friday's rall y on Library Walk, 
while many others walked through 
the crowd or ate lundl and sO<.:ial -
ized in the Pri<.:c Center. 

Students attending the event 
olTered dilTcrin g opinions on 
whether the campus community 
has been affecled by Shepard 's 
dealh. 

Rooseve lt senior Scott Graben, 
who attended the rally. said that he 
thought the anendance was 
impressive for an event put on 
with such short noti ce. 

" [ didn' t know ahout the rally 
until today," Grahen said . "And 

other people didn ' t know as well. 
Thai 's what is impressive ahOUI 
the turnout. No one should be 
blamed." 

Marshall sophomore David 
Ki III said he felt Ihe campu~ reac-
lion 10 Shepard 's death has heen 
somew hat apalhetiL:. 

" Somelimes, it doesn't hil 
ho rne for people." Kim said. 
··they arc not <.:apahlc of under-

~tanding that a human IiI".: was 
taken. Some people arc apalhl' ti L: 
in ge neral. They don' l have the 
sOL:ial w nsL: iousncss." 

Rick Burkhardt , a musiL: gradu -
ate student w ho helped organize 
th L: event , o ffered a differing opin -
ion. 

" People are not desensiti zed by 
the story of Malthew Shepard," 
Burkhardt said ... [ think that peo-
ple are not u~ed to participating in 
publi c forum . [ doubt peopl.: on 
th is L:ampus don't L:a re about the 
recent evenls.'· 

Caru~i said he L:Ommends 
UC D Chancellor Robert Dynes 
for his support of issues surround-
ing the lesbian, gay, bisexual and 
transgender community. 

,,[ must say the chancellor has 
really been eXlremely supportive." 
Carusi sa id. " He took on the IUCj 
Regenl s ahout domestic partner 
benefits, and he marched in the 
gay pride parade. And he was Ihe 
first I UCSD J chancellor to march 
in a gay pride parade. He is reall y 
out there for us. He has the 
Diversit y CounL:il. and he has Ihe 
Chan<.:e llor 's Advi so ry Commiltee 
on Lesbian , Gay, Bisex ual , and 

The UCSD Guardian 

Transgender hsucs. He has becn 
exe ll1plary." 

Carusi said he partiL:ipalCS in 
programs , uL:h :IS the " Open 
Zone:" program, through which 
he and col leagues ho ld educa-
ti ona l seminars on leshi an. gay. 

hi~exual and transgenuer issue,. 
An "Open Zonc" se minar wi ll be 
held al Ihe Crms-Cultural Cenlcr 
on ov. II 

Caru si also ~aid his group orga-
nil.es pc..:r Irain ing, awar('nes~ and 
,cnsi ti vi ty training for RAs and an 
additional training sess ion with 
the TA of MarshalJ's core class 
" Dil11ensions of Culture." 

Carusi su id he hopes other 
events and projecls will help the 
university 10 create a Lesbian, 
Gay, Bisexual and Transgender 
Associalion (LGBTA ) resource 
L:enter in the future 10 provi de ser-
vices and information for U SD 
sludents on gender issues. 

Nal ionwide. in Ihe past week. 
there has heen renewed stress On 
hate crime leg islation. Since 
Shepard's murder, there ha ve been 
calls for passing new hale aimc 
legislation or for expanding wr-
rent laws regarding the mailer. 

ulst Saturday, President Bill 
Clinton urged Congress 10 pass the 
Hate Crimes Prevention A L: t. 
allowing for the prose<.:ution of 
hate crimes ba sed on a victim 's 
sexual orientation, gender or dis-
ability. 

Cu rrently, Wyoming is one of 
10 states thai docs not have any 
laws pertaining 10 hateL:ri Ille,. 
Another 19 state, ha ve hate crime 

.'talutc~ thai do not include scxu:tl 
orientat ion in the tex i of the law. 
The remaining 2 1 states - indud-
ing California and the District of 
Co lumbia - have passed laws in 
the lasl 20 years that have stricter 
p 'nailics for those persons who 
cOlllm it cri mes against someone 
hased on the viL:tim's race . reli -
gion. nationa l origin. L:olor ami 

~exLial orienlation. 
Judith Halherslalll , associate 

professor in lileralure , sa id she 
believes hateL:rimc awan:ness is 
no t j ust th e r\!SI)Onsi bilit y of 
minorities and mcmbcrs of the 
LGBTA. 

"For Ihose supporting Ihesc 
events (hate crime awarcness) on 
L:umpus, many are heterosexual ," 
she said. "And hClcro,exuals also 
have to be held responsiblc for 
eduL:a ting on I i~s\les of sexual 
prei'crence l. It should begin wi th 
parel1l s and il should hegin early 
on ." 

M onique Rodrigu ez, a 
Rooseve ll freshman , said thai cdu-
L:<l tion must hegin ea rl y to 
deaease disaiminalory oehavior 
in children. 

" As early as junior high, kids 
stan picking on 01 hers for being 
di fferenI." Rodriguez said. 

Muir frc hman Kcndra Behling 
said she believes parents are 
essen I ial to teaL:hing tolerancc, 
because of the important inllucnL:c 
they lutve on their chi ldren. 

" Parcnts have a huge responsi-
bi lity," Behling said . " Whal your 
parent, tcaL:h you , inlluenL:es how 
you grow up." 

Got news? E-mail us at newsdesk@ucsd.edu 

NEWS 3 

DONATIONS: 
Money will be used 
to bui Id new facility 
Continued from page 1 
hioengine..:ring department , whidl 
is ranke<l among the very besl In 
the country, and will allow us to 
hui It! a program on the sL:alc which 

i ~ necessary to rea li/.e Ihe promise 
lhat hillengi necri nl! hold~ for 
improvinl! medit:al t.:a re." said 
Robert Conn. dean of the Jamhs 
School of Engin<;ering. 

A pOri ion of the money will be 
directed toward the construction of 
a new five-story building to accom-
modate addilional fawlty and stu -
dents, as well as advanL:c bioengi-
neering work at UCSD. The struc-
tu re wi II he named the Powell -
Fodll Bioengineering Building in 
honor of the late San Diego 
Superior Court Judge Jal1les Focht 
who servcd on the Powell 
Foundation Board. 

"This building is going to be 
uniquely designed beL:ause the stu-
dents will have the L:hanL:e to learn 
through a hands-on approach," said 
Denine Hagen, director of commu-
nications at the Jacobs School of 
Engincering. 

Portions of the donal ions will ' 
also be used to hire eight new bio-
engi neering department fawlly 
members, inL:reasing Ihe number 
from 10 faculty members 10 I K. 
Two of the new faL:ulty member, 
will be jointly hircd by the Jawbs 
Sd1001 and the UCSD School of 
Medicine. 

" These donations will allow the 
department of hioengineering to 
recruit new faL:ulty and inL:reasc the 

See DONATIONS, Page 9 

COMPUTEI?- CELLUL/il? BLOWOUT! SERVING UCSO FOR 17 YEARS! 
overseas 
Automotive Repair 
•••• + d 
Oil Change & $1595, Minor $29' 35-pt. Major $69' SEE 
Safety Checkonly - Tune-Up only - Service only _ BELOW! 

NISSAN • TOYOTA· ACURA • MAZDA; HYUNDAI • HONDA· MlTSUBtSHt • ISUZU • VOLKSWAGEN 

r-----~FREE T ~ WIN G I Minor Tune Up, • ____ ::::,m,: ·10·m..,.dlus 
Special Brake Job 

lOur tune up in~ludes a lot more Reg. $55 Special Reg. S80 ...... 11 
I than others. It Includes: I I. NEW Spark plugs 7. Check brakes Front or rear. Brake job includes: 12. Check Distributor pOlnlS 8 Check clutch I I. Inslall Iront pads or rear shoes _I 3 Check Dlslribulor 9 Check IIghls 2. Drain old brake lIU1d I condenser 10. Check undercarriage I 3. Inspecl hydraulIC system • I 

4 Adiustllmlng lor damage 4. Relill hydraulic Iluid : • • • 

15. Check and replenish II Check cooling system I 5. Bleed brake syslem • I all lIuld and 011 levels & hoses 6. AdlUSI hont l"l shoes) and rear shoes H Adlust dwell angle 12. Road lesl ~Ro,ad .. l"eS.1 IIIIIlIIIIlIIr'-'-3S:~int-Maj'orS;,vrce r:!:t!U -I SpeCial ~ __ _ 
I Extra for fuel injected cars. Our major service includes: Rag. S150 I I 

1 New spa" plugs 12. A~u~ dwellal\g~ 2' Lube ',0111 eod V 0·1 1 2 New Ar II"" 13 A<\u~ carburalor 25 Ole<:t lor klose OJ" & ~; 1 I I 
3Ne.odl,~er 14 ~u~"·I .. I"I'aI"",X1ule 16 Checkl.glll, valllrJlint! Change 

I • CII.nge engone 01 15 Chect ~eellfllJ 21 Check undete.m.iI' 101 d''''''9' 1 I 5 N,.luel I~er 16 Chec\ clulch 28 Check.nd ,echa'9' baD'ry ......... ' & 
16 Check ""nb~or POW"" 11 A~u~ ClJlch 29 R04ale ""''' - I I I.Checkd"lnb,IOIcondeosor IIChee.b,.,.s 3Il.Che<kl.reprmure 20-point 

8. Corr!l"ss'", Ie" 19 AIJilJII b,ale, 31 Lube door h~!l"s 1 19 Valveadluslme"' • ...,."~, 2Q.~uume'oer<yb'ake 32 Che<,.nholders Safety Check I 
10. New valve """ 9as1el 21 Chect & ,ep~OIsli ,I flud .,,1, 33 ene<k COO""l ,y"em & hose, 1 10 '''' _ ' 12Checkand.~"'texposedbels 34 Cne<ke>haoslsy".m 1 Spec.-al I 
11. Adiust bmng 23 CIIe<\ eledl<~ luses 35 Road Ie" 

l..!!01e : Extra tor 6-c:yUnder. 8-cylinder, and platinum plugs, .J ~ 
~o;I:C"'iutchJ: lmDii;.i;.; Be" 8;edal .... I 1. New pressure plate 4 . NeWPIIOI~ - - - - - - - --

2 . NewClulchD,sk 5.ChangelransmlSs'ono,1 Extended Warranty 13. New Throwoul bearing 6.Road lesl I 
L:N::,~~t:~~,r"·",·notCO"'ed. NoII"'4WD. F'''''' .J15, 30, 45, 60 , 75, & 90K service 

..... -------
' Most cars , Wllh Ihls ad Explles 11/2/9 8. U Overseas Auto 8008·8 M."m" Rd 15 

Brand new parts. Ask about our specials on engines. C * 
All our work has a 2-year or 20,OOO-mile limited warranty. 1-5 . l; , trtes 
All prices Inctude parts and labol. +- ~ 12 II ~D! overseas. I~ M iramar Rd .'" ffoI" 

R 'f..e:J! 8008-8 Miramar Road. ~u!2,mo:ve. efl~ 695-1990 
Excellent references from satisfied customers, Call for a~nri;;rm; 

Motorola 
StarTac 7000 

FREE CAR 
ADAPTER 

Nokia 
2190 

Motorola 
2000e 

• 
PACIFIC BELL 
Pure Digital PCS 

Motorola 
9520 

•• FREE CAR ADAPTER 
Nokia 
5190 

Nokia 
6190 

CD FREE CAR 
ADAPTER 

e 
• After rebate & 2 yrs contract 

• FREE THREE-WAY CONFERENCE $3495/ month 
• FREE FIRST INCOMING MINUTE 
• FREE ROAMING 
• FREE CALLER 10 OTHER PLANS ·100 day time minutes 
• FREE CALL WAITING AVAILABLE • 500 nights & weekend m inutes 

I Atlanta 
• Intel"' PII Celeron ". 266Mhz MMX'" 
• Pent ium II Abit AH6 440LX 
Motherboard 
• 8MB Diamond AGP Video Card 
• 32MB Sync·DRAM Memory 
• 4.3GB Weslern Digital UDMA Hard 
Drive 
• 36X Max CD·ROM • 
• Yamaha 3D 32-BII Wavetabte PCI 
• Logitech First Mouse 
·3.5" Floppy Disk Drive 
• Amplified Speakers 
• 105 Enhanced Keyboard 
• Mid·Tower ATX Case 

Shamrock 
15" .28dp 

$159 
Shamrock 
17".26dp 

$259 
Upgrade 32MB to 64MB ............. •. .. $45 
Upgrade 64MB 10 128MB ................. 78 
Add Zip Drive .......................... 75 
Add NelSurf Network Card .......... ...... 25 
Upgrade to Malrox 8MB G200 . . . . . . . . • . . .. 60 
Upgrade to Wave 600 Speakers ... ...... ... 57 
Upgrade to 6.4GB Hard Drive .............. 40 

·Wlndows9 $659 Upgrade to 804GB Hard Drive .....•........ 30 
Celeron rM 300 .. .. ... .. ..... 669 Pentium- II 266 .... ....... ... 789 
CeleronH • 333A ...... . .. ... 789 Pentium- II 333 ., _ . . ... . .... 849 

6755 Mira Mesa Btvd., Sle. 114 
San Diego, CA 92121 ~ CompCit . Mon-Sal 9AM - 7PM 
Sunday l1AM - 4PM 

(619) 622·1900 
'We make technology simpl . .. 

(619) 22-1902 FAX LA • v,'_ .0. 

.. 
N 



4 0PI 10 Th~ UCSD Guardian Monday. Octohl'r I \I. 1l)\lX 

PINION 

The UCSD Model School is an excellent 
plan and will bene.fit the entire UCSD 
community 
By Andy Myrick 
Contributing Opinion Writer 

The UCSD Model Sl:hool. opening in 
fall IlJ\)\) . is a fanlaslic idea and henefll,;ial lll 
Ihe enlire UCS D cOlllmunily. 

The l1Ii ~s ion stalemenl oflhe school is 10 
"provide an environment wher~ , tudents are 
made 10 rc~ 1 conlident. sa re am! arc em:our-
aged lU develop a grealer sen,e of ,el f-worlh 
and a sense or pride in their acade mic 
accolllpl ishmenl , :' 

The Model School wi ll do thi, lor ,tLl -
denl s from poor familie~ in San Diego who 
arc not receiving an education enah ling them 
to qualiry I() r acceplance into the UC ' y,IC111 . 
duc in part to a pom puhlic school .,ysle il l. 

Sludcnt s will he chosen ror thc Model 
School on Ihe hasis or average perronn.lI1ce, 
high academi c promi,e and helonging to a 
low-im:ome, under educated rami li es. 
Basically, students must meet the l: riteria or 
the Ad vance ll1l:nt Via Indi vidual 
Determination (A. VI.D.) program \() panil:-
ipate. A. VI.D. is a program designed 10 help 
underachiev ing students wilh hig h academ ic 
potential prepan: ror cnt ram:e 10 collegc, 
and uni versi tics . The program has hecn 
hi ghly success rul in alifo rni a. alt hough the 
majority or these graduates all end the tI l 
State system, rather than the UC system. 

The Model Scholl l will prov ide a helping 
hand 10 some lucky student s. anti . if repli -
cated. may help thousands or even hundreds 
or thousands or di sad vanlaged sludent s. 

'nle UC Mission Statement declares thaI 
the gual or Ihe UC syslem is I(lr Ih.: call1pu,.:s 
to engage In r.:searc h, teaching and service to 
the community. The Model School adm irahly 

hc lp~ p.: rfonn all or tiles.: function>; . 
The Mod.:1 Schoul wi ll he Ihe liN III ils 

kl11J in Ihe Ilalinll wi th II~ primal'y purpme 
hl.:i ng III C()1l1pan: n:~ult, of rl111lllllg an 
"un tl ad.:d ,y~tcm" tn tlln~1.: ,) \lel11, cllr-
lelli ly practi ced hy 1110,1 \chool, . which arc 
"Irackcu." Trac\.. l.:d \chool, typi ca ll )' ha w ,I 
\e t 01 11I ghcr-levd c la "e~. u ~uall ) IlOilOI', (I I' 
i\d \'am:.:U Pia ·Cl1l l.:ll t, alld tltC) It a~c a , 1011·-
er 11101 Illg halch 01 ··, tluld 'lrd" COU I ,e~ . 

It 1\ (l it ell lite ea\e thaI Im\ -inco111':. 
unde l · adl1c~1I1g , ludcllt-. . ha l ing hecn 
placed (Ill tl1\: .. ... 10\\ .. lrack at the heg lllning 
01 thclr academic caree r~. lind II uiflicull It> 
change 011 to the "1.1,1 track." This put~ Ihem 
at a di,advanlag.: in .u.:qui ring the nece~sary 
das~es lor l:o lkge lll:ceptance. 

Thc Model School wi ll he runn ing an 
"untracked" syslem (i .e. everyhody wi II he 
taki ng Ihe same classes), hu t wi ll still en lail 
a rigorous academic curricu lum. To C0111-
pen" lIe ror Ihe varia ncl.:s in ,tudenl llhili lic\. 
there will he counsl.: ling cias,es Ihat every 
~Iude nl must allend .:very day. By compar-
ing the resu It s of Ihe 1110del sc hon l with 
those or regular puhli c schools, administra · 
tors wi ll he ahle to gauge Ihe dTcctivcne" 
or t hi ~ n.:w program . 

In addition. Ih.: Mode l School will 
improve UCSD ' ~ tc: ac hing program. 

See HARM, Page 6 

• 
Th e Model School is a .form of 
a.f!irmative action and will not 
adequately equip students 
By Nilou Mostofi 
Staff Writer 

In the fa ll of 1\199 . UCSD wi ll emhark on 
a ncw chaptcr 111 ib academic history. 

The: e,lah li,h111l' nt or Ih.: CSD Modl' l 
Sdwo l. much Ii ke I he charter sc hool ~ysl ern 
already in service Ihroughoul . an Di ego, 
wi ll he dl.:'igncd 10 cat.:r to stude nt>; Oil an 
indivi tlua li 'led level and ,teer thern toward a 
hCller eUlication. Or so it hope~ . 

Charla sl.:llOo ls work with hi gh SL:hool 
~tudent' wilh the hymn , "at your own p,Ke," 
to generate "re,u lt," whik reducing the 
,tre" k vc l, leading to }oulh in volve men t 
wi th "high ri,k activi ties ," a~ quoted rrom 
the L:harter ,chonl weh ,ile at 
II II P :1/11 rr) '() s r. ((c HI. ('rill/" /{I rS/I(I// /ell (/ r/ (' r. 

One of the fu ndamental goals ror chart er 

Sd1001s, and in th is case the UCSD Mode l 
School , is to make gell ing into co ll ege ca~ i ­
cr. The UCSD Modd Schoo l in tends 10 pre-
pare studenl, to enter Ih.: UC system, ,pecir-
ically UCSD. In the long run , howevc: r. th.: 
individualized sys lem and "AI Your Own 
Pace" policy thaI the school promol.:, will 
not he henelicia l ror students. 

Stati,tic, taken from literature promoting 
charter sch~)ols state that '''tudent, in the 
'XO, and carly '9 0~ were ahle to I.:nter the 
Univl.:rsity of Cil lirornia. San Diego with .1 
:U GPA in appropriate w urse, and wmplc-
tion ur an A.C.T. or S.A.T. exam." The ~ta­
listics went on to indicate th at las t year's 
rres hman class entered with an average GPA 
or 3.90 and an S.A.T. score or 1250. 

See BENEFIT, Page 5 

Alice Lm/ Guard,an 

Monday, Octoher 19, 199X 

BENEFIT: 
Model School will 
help UCSD as well 
Continued from page 4 
Speci lica ll y, it wi ll provide those in 
our Teacher Education Program 
wi th an experience that is not ava i 1-
ah le at any other un iversi ty in the 
country. Students partici pati ng in 
thi s program wi ll he among the li rst 
in the nation to work with in an 
environment such as this. which 
will give them the opportun ity to 
get to know what could bewme a 
new national system. Needless to 
say, this is a gre.1I opportunit y for 
UCSD students. 

T he Model School will also 
increase cultural di ve rsi ty at UC 
campuses, especi ally if it is rep li -
cated across the nation. Currently. 
only 2 percent of Latino students 
and 3 percenl of bl ack student s arc 
UC e ligibl e, according to th e 
Cali rorni a Pos t-Secondary 
Educati on Commi ssion. 

These statistics are ullerly di s-
mal and point to deeper flaws in the 
system than can be allributed to 
lack of effort or personal !laws. If 
an entire class fails a lest, it is the 
teacher's fault for not adequately 
preparing them. Similarl y, as the 
entire "group" seems to he " fail ing 
the test," so to speak , the time has 
come to change the way that we are 
teaching these children. 

By addressing these fl aws in the 
system , the Model School will also 
provide a great service to the San 
Diego community. By bri nging in 

kids from disadvantaged neighhor-
hoods, the model school creates a 
new generation of leaders l'or these 
communiti es. 

As the students will he required 
10 perform community service in 
Iheir res pecti ve communit ies as 
part or their curricu lum, it seems 
likely that at least a rair percentage 
will return to those communities 
to improve Ihe loca l standard of 
li vi ng. This will in turn lead to a 
reduction in crime and an 
improvement in the overall qualit y 
(If lili: for memhers of all social 
classes. 

This is perhaps an even bcner 
reason ror conducting such an exper-
iment than si mply imptoving cam-
pus diversity. While thi s school will 
be operating on 100 small a scale to 
make a revolutionary di fference, this 
model. should it prove successful. 
will likely be replicated in many 
pu blic school '. which would create a 
more substantia l benelit. 

The Model School will not 
detract from UCSD student life. 
Money is not an issue. The San 
Diego Unitied School District will 
be picking up most of the costs. 
The uni versity will be responsible 
for some of the costs, hu t these 
shou Id be covered quite easil y hy 
donati ons. Should the donations he 
depleted, whi ch is an unlikely sce-
nario consideri ng that thi s school 
has the support of a nu mber of 
wea lth y hackers . the Thurgood 
Marshall Provost's ol'li ce has stated 
that money will not be laken rrom 
UCS D funds. 

In addi tion, any ideas th at hi gh 

------------------------

MOlOROlA 
BRAVOFlX MOlOROLA BRAVO PlUS , 6·messasc me!:1TIOfY ' Alarm 

MOlOROlA 
EXPRESSxmA 

90·me:ssage ~rTlOfY ' fime t rule 
stamp ' 7 musICal alertS ' 1'Iam 16'l'nesSl'ge rne:mory · Tllnt: stdinp • Time & date stamp , 5 musICal alert $5299 

All pnces Include acovatloo. 2 months' free service; two years hee VOICe ma.!. unllmted pasln" and 
Southern California, Phof:nix and la, Vega, cov<rage. Some ,"Sln<lIOOS apply 

$-3-8-9 _ -..-!'C!WATE YOUR PRE'()~ WNED PAGER One: year aI/l ime prepaid two years fnclude:s 2 months'SlMcc two ~ars' l , _ ~~cemadand free '.~vat'oo $699~ .• vooc.mll1i<l1d ~« i.J~"'()f' 
2 YEARS FREE VOICE MAIL ON ANY ACTIVATION! : 

PAGE -"'IE I 
5597·8 Clairemont Mesa 8lvd. (in Madison Sq'uare Shopping Center) 619/268·9898 

M:)r'I:ia/'''''1 t',1a,'"j ole~,.,:,,:: .. ~m ~tJr:1a,"" ",.. •. : ,. C'" /S4 1-!HtP!rClrj "-t" :!' '.' oS ). '.1/:' 
.... t .... JilorntrS ;~"I "',,,' elts~n' a'J ONcnuptu: IO/1l6i9B 

-------------------------

FAMILY DENTISTRY 
Specializing in 

Preventive and Cosmetic Dentistry 
For the Entire Family 

1349 Camino Del Mar 
Suite E 

Del Mar, California 
92014 

Ornee Hours 
by Appointment 

(619) 792-8880 
PATRI CIA MURPHY, DDS 

General Dentistry 

• Personalized Care 

• Clean ing 

• Bond ing 

Wh itening 

• Crowns/Bridges 

• Root Canals 

• Fill ings 

• Video Eye Glassc~ 

The UCSD Guardian 

The Model School 
will be a fully 
Independent high 
school, capable of 
functioning without 
any interference 
from the university. 
Prophecies claiming 
that RIMAe or 
Geisel will be 
overrun with sixth-
graders have little 
merit. Beside the 
fact that our 
facilities are 
prohibitively far 
away, the Model 
School will have Its 
own library and 
athletic facilities 
and amphitheater 
and faculty. 

school students will "take over" our 
campus and crowd us in arc com-
pletely without merit. The Model 
S.:hool will he located across the 
street I'r0111 East Parking, which i ~ a 
good 10-10- 15 minute wa lk each 
way I'ro111 Ihe Price Cenl er or 

anyo n Vista (the closest huildings 
on campus whic h would have any-
thing of interest to a high school 

student ). Other se rvices arc even 
fan her away. 

The Model chool will be a 
full y independent high schoo l, 
capahle of runcti oning wilhout any 
interferem:e rro m the un iversity. 
Prophec ies clai ming Ihat RIMAC 
or Gei ~e l will he overrun with 
sixth -g raders have lillie merit. 
Beside the rac t that our faci lities 
are prohihiti vely fa r away, the 
Model School will have il s own 
lihra ry and athletic facilities and 
amphithealer and rueu Ity. 

With the possihle excepti on of 
gue t lectures, the high school 
will be taught by hired teachers, 
assisted by teac hing ass istants 
from our campus, not by our pro-
fessors. While it is true that in the 
Model chool seniors will be 
allending some lec tures for the 
higher level courses (such as cal-
culus or phys il:s) at the uni ve rsity, 
slots in any course will he 
increased, so that no co llege- leve l 
students are forced OUI. Although 
that is rarely a prohlem in Ihe 
int roductory cl asses that the 
model sc hool student s would he 
taking, anywa y. 

Two other conce rns that have 
been voiced arc parking and the 
potenti al ror vandalism. The natllre 
or the students selected, however, 
should put many o f these fears to 
rest. None ofth l: Model School stu · 
de nls wOl1 ld jeopardize such a fan-
taslic: 01 ponun ity wi th acts or van-
dali sm or pelly Iheft . 

As l'or parking, it should not be 
an issue. Only the older hal f of Ihe 
students wi ll even he old enough to 

OPINION 5 

dri ve, and these are nOI rich stu-
dents. An extra car for junior is 
probably not in the family hudget. 
While some may he ahle to scrape 
up th e money to huy one, chances 
arc that most will he taking the hus 
(provided hy the good people al the 
San Diego Unilied School District). 

Those few who do dri ve will he 
parking in the hest spots they can 
gel. That is, East Parking. Anyone 
ramiliar with East Parking knows 
that it docs not consist or what one 
would call choice spots. The low 
volume and removed area should 
make only a slight dent in the aver-
age student 's quest for a parking 
SpOI. 

In short , the Model School is a 
great idea. Not only will il not pre-
sent any major hot her to those 
alread y at the university. but it will 
create a much more diverse atmos-
phere in the university with the 
addition of more students from eth-
ni c minorities and lower incomes. 
This school , shou ld it prove suc-
cessful , could also lead to a nation-
al restructuring of the middle and 
high schoo l system. This would 
once again put UCSD, as the advo-
cate or the first or these schools, in 
the limelight as a pioneer in the 
creation o f new and innovative 
ways to improve our quality or life, 
I ading to greater national pres tig~ 
and greater runding. 

It is an all-around great idea 
and, as UCSD student s, we should 
all he proud that such an experi -
menl is taking place here lir, \. 

Semi ClIlIIlIlenb and U ' IIe,..\' III 
rhe Edilllr ((I guardian @ucsd.edu . 

Considering 
Dental School? 
Before you go •.. you have to get in. 

FREE Admissions Seminar* 

October 22nd 
UCSD Price Ctr - Riverside/Davis 

Time: 7:00 PM 
·Co-sponsored by Pre-Dental Society & HPP 

Seating is limited. Call today to reserve your seat! 

CALL ·1-800 
KAP-TEST www.kaplan.com 

World Leader in Test Preparation 

• • 

c 
.Q 
iii 
'u 
o 
VI 
VI 
« 
'iii 
c: 
Q) 
o 
c 
C1l 
o 
.;: 
Q) 
E 
« 
Q) 
£: 
'0 

~ 
C1l 
E 
Q) 
-0 

~ 

.!!l 
t{ 
o 
• 

to come come UllOnS 



6 OPINION 

HARM: The effi -
cacy of charter 
schools is unproven 
ContInued from pa,. 4 

Now, using logic here. it is 
apparent that entrance to UCSD is 
getting more m mpet iti ve and "at 
your own pace" just won't cut it. 
The educational system promoted 
by the Model School would harm 
rather than assist high st:hool stu-
dents applying to high-strung uni -
versities sut:h as UCSD. 

Charter schools take a "hack to 
basics" approac h to edut:at ion in 
whi t:h teachers t: reate a homely 
environment where instrut:tion is 
offered individually and students 
t:an take one or two courses u year. 

This type of system would not he 
helpful to aspiring UCSD students 
because UCSD does not beli eve in 
the "at your own pace" anthem. 
How can the t:harter school system. 
which promotes "small , safe. w m-
munity classroom settings" and 
individualized schedules. adequate-
ly equip students f("lr huge, intimi-
dating, diversified classrooms with 
set quarterly schedules? 

Also, the Model School aims to 
increase the numher of underrepre-
sented students on campus. Who, 
exat:tly, qualifi es as an underrepre-
sented student"! Well , mi norit ies do. 
They wi II he students who w me 
from both flu ent-English and limit -
ed-English speakers and the first in 
their famili es to attend t:o llegc. 

It is wrillen in the charter school 
weh site that '" UCSD I wi II canvass 
middle and junior high st:hools to 
invite appli t:ations from students 
who fit the A.Y.I.D. profil e." The 
wehsite mentions that AVI.D. is 

an experiment assis ting the acade-
m ic af.:hievemem of students w"o 
are from low income families and 
the two major ethnic groups that 
arc underrepresented in co llege, 
African Americans and Latinos. 

The charter school web site also 
writes that " to increase the enroll -
ment of and graduation of African 
American, Latino and low income 
students, we must significantly 
ra ise their hi gh school academic 
performance and UC eligibility." 

At:cording to Chancellor Robert 
Dynes, the Model St:hool will ass ist 
in t:reating an ethnica lly di verse 
atmosphere on campus by pulling 
appl icants from the chaner school's 
graduates . These graduates are 
expected to be of minority status. 

Although advocales for the 
UCSD Model School claim that 
"students graduating from the 
Model School WILL NOT be auto-
matically accepted to UCS D" 
(from a Marshal l m llege handout 
about the Model School), Dynes' 
comment clearly indicates that thi s 
is not the case. There will deli nite-
Iy he a stro ng partialilY toward 
UCSD Model School students. 

This type of favori tism will 
make it harder for other applicant s 
(underrepresented or not) to gain 
admiss ion into UCSD. especiall y 
considering the GPA of last year's 
entering freshman class. 

The Sept. 6, 1997 edi ti on of The 
W I Diego U l1illll -Trihul1e li sted an 

outline of what the UC D Model 
S<.: hool will entail. The article states 
that ··the sf.:hool cannot use race as a 
factor in admiss ions, but many 
believe that a focus on low-income, 
first generation, college students 
would benefit minority youngsters." 

This statement makes clear the 

The UCSD Guardian 

Although race has 
been prohibited as 
criteria for 
admission to 
colleges and 
universities, the 
UCSD Model School 
will strive to 
increase the number 
of 
"underrepresented" 
students at UCSD -
Its own form of 
affirmative action. 

point that, although ra<.:e has heen 
prohibited as a iteria for admission 
to co lleges and uni versities, the 
UCSD Model School will strive to 
increase the number of "underre p-
resented" students at UCSD - its 
own form of affirm ative action. 

The Model School is a new pro-
ject, and there is no ev idence to 
support the long-term elTectiveness 
of sut:h a low-impact system. The 
stati stit:s, or rather lack there of, 
from the charter st:hool web site 
allests th is poi nt. Th..:r..: has y..:t to 
be an inspection of th ..: long- tcrm 
accountability of th is program. 

The weh si t..: claims that sinc..: 
accountabil ity is so important, "a 
hi ghly qualilied consult an t wi ll b<.! 
appointed to assist a mmmillee of 
San Diego School Board in devo.::iop-
ing a series of mea~ urcs that util izes 
a variety of indicators in the creat ion 
of base linc inlurmation." This "ba~c 
line information" will be "monitored 
over the nex t fi ve years." With this in 

mi nd, UCSD has invested a lot of 
money into something that has yet to 
he accounted for. 

There is, however, no proof of 
the eflicacy of charter schools. It is 
unknown how f.: harter s<.: hool gradu-
ates wi ll at:tually do ont:e they arc 
in co llege. Of course the dropout 
rates wi ll decline and the number of 
graduates will increa e if the slow 
road i~ taken in the creation of a 
system based on "at your own 
pat:e." Of course, test scores wi ll 
improve in a one-on-one environ-
ment where the teacher is constant -
ly avail able to the student. 

Such a system might have short -
term benefits, but in the long term, 
students are go i ng to su fTer because 
they will not hI! able to function 
under stressful conditions. 

The Model School wi ll be, in 
essence, a high school. Initially, 
though, it will enro ll students from 
grades six th rough eight. From then 
on, one new grade level will be 
added per year until the UCSD 
Model School reat: hes the full 
capac it y of 700 in 2003. 

Students wi II earn a high school 
diploma, and will have to appl y to 
UCSD like any other student from 
any other high school. The onl y dif-
ferences will be class size, the type 
of instructi on, the higher <.: hance of 
at:ce ptance into UCSD and lhe 
opportuni ty to usc UCSD fat: ili ties. 

The location of the UCS D Model 
School is planned to be nl!ar the 
intersection of Voigt Drive and 
Gen..:s..:e Avenue on the eight at:res 
of land cast of Interslate 5. What that 
entail s for current UCSD students is 
the presence of noisy and rambunc-
tious little seventh graders running 
around the Prit:e Center, creati ng 
longer lines and checking out books 

Monday, October 19, 1998 

intended for college sludents. The 
UCSD Model School students wi ll 
be al;> le 10 use studios. laboratories 
and recreational facilities as wel l. 

Until the actual site of the cam -
pus is l:Ompleted, which is expect -
ed 10 be in 2()()(), the school wi ll he 
housed at the La Casa Complex at 
Thurgood Marshall College. Thi s 
means that UCS D students and I 1-
to-14 year olds will t:onstantly 
interact with one another. The se ri -
ous and academic atmosphere at 
UCSD will not be an appropri ate 
plat:e fo r kids of such a youn g age, 
and it may be t:omprorni sed. 

UCS D Model School students 
will not have the same expe rience 
as other hi gh schoo l students. 
According to Dynes, reg ular high 
schoo l acti vities like athletic pro-
grams will be provided, but with 
such a small enro llment, is th is 
really feas ible'! What about dances. 
athletics and other " regular" hi gh 
school invo lvemenl"! 

The handout distributed by the 
Marshall College Provost Oflice 
about the UCSD Model School 
states lhat "students will have sports, 
dances and almost every other 'nor-
mal' hi gh school experiences." But 
these students wi ll he thrown into a 
universi ty environment that is not 
their own. These students wi II not he 
given the chance 10 experience a typ-
ical high school. 

The fac t that the UCSD Charter 
School Proposal was ti rst rejected in 
June 1997 is very telling. The fat: ul-
ty's 362-293 vote aga inst this sys-
tem makes it clear that not everyone 
is for an on-campus t:harter schoo l. 

So, why is the UCS D Model 
St:hool still on the hori zon·' 

Send CO/lllll el1l.l and Letter.l· 10 
Ihe Editor 10 guardian@ucsd.edu. 

You are invited to participate in an 
Open forum about your UCSD Experienees! 

Gallery B in the Priee Center 
Noon • 1:30 p.m. on Oetober 19, 1998 

Share your questions, comments, experiences, ideas & concerns with: 
President Joe Leventhal (ASUCSO) 

PreSident Kat~ka Martinez (GSA) & 
Vice Chancellor Joseph Watson (Student Affairs) 

·as well as 
A.W. Russ Nell Murray Eustaclo "Chato" Benitez Patrick Velasquez 

Assoc, Vice Chancellor Director Director Director 
Student Affairs Career Services Center Early Academic Outreach OASIS 

• • • • 
Linda Doughty Richard Backer Brian Murray Nick Aguilar 

Director Asst . Vice Chancellor Asst . Vice Chancellor Director, Student Policies 
SOAP Enrollment Student Development & Judicial Affairs 

• Management/Registrar • • 
Tom Tucker • Chips Drellinger Renee Barnett Terry 

Asst. Vice Chancellor Patricia Scott Dean, Muir College Dean 
Student Programs Dean • Revelle College 

& Facilities Eleanor Roosevelt Rafael Hernandez • 
College Dean Kennon Kashima 

Thurgood Marshall College Dean, Warren College 

........................................................................................................................................................................... 

Monday, Octoher 19, 199M 

LIVE IT 

As ~tu denl~ 01" costly. high..:r 
edut:ation. it is our so lemn J Ul y to 

~ont i nuc to supply our country with 
new. quasi-l:U ltu rcd yuppies on a 
yearly basis . 

To fulfill th is ohligation of yup-
pi ness. ea<.: h of us must drive a 

-QPINION-
COLUMN 
Beemer, wear son, leat her loafers 
without socks, drink raspberry- fl a-
vored tr iple <.:appucci nos wi th a 
side of lemon zest. and order 
entrees that have never bee n, and 
never will he, on the menu. 

Or, we t:a n tra vel·the less vom it-
inducing route and get a bit of rea l 
cultu re by visiting a museu m. 

Now, while most of you th ink 
culture pours forth from channel 7 
at 8 o'cloc k on ThurSday ni g ht~, 
you don't have a bil of worldly cul-
tu re until you have seen the tex ture 
on a Renoir, wai ted for fl owers in a 
Van Gogh to start waving in the 
breeze, or seen Picasso through 
Man Ray's camera. 

Sure. to do this. you must pull 
yourse lf from the depths of your 
couch and put down the Ru ffl es. 
but it wil l be worth it. Oh. :mel there 
is a sma ll amount of move ment 
involved if you go to a muscum. hut 
they have exce llent medical stall if 
you hurst a hearl valvc wa lking 
from scu lpture to scu lptu re. 

Rc~c ntly I took a trip to the J. 
Paul Gett y Museum in Los 
Angeles, and I must say, a hillion 
dollars goes a reall y. rea ll y long 
way (as it should). Imagi ne heaven 
with a facc lift - and th at 's just the 
bathrooms. 

At the Getty there are co llec-
tions of hoth rare and wel l-know n 
art. It has a couple Van Goghs (not 
lami Ilated for yo ur viewi ng plea-
sure), a Munch or two, many clas-
sic pieces and a slough of sc ulp-
tures. as well as ancient manu-

sc ript ~. I recommend staring at 
Alma-Tadema's ··Spring" until 
petals fall fro m the women's has-
kets (no illegal su bstances needed). 

However, if you don' t wa nl to 
li ght traffit: gett ing 10 the Getty, 
sint:e you alread y did that tryi ng to 
park today. there are a numher of 
worth -whi Ie museums in Balhoa 
Park . They have an ex<.:e llent di s-
pia) of M.e. E·chds art (you 
know the inge lllous, mmd-lrit: king 
pieces usually in hlack and white). 

Most of you arc now wonder-
ing how th is wi ll give you more 
t:uhun:. Go ing to a mu~eu lll gives 
you the opportunit y to view and 
possibl y understand the wor ld of 
others, their thoughts and visions 
of the way they saw the worl d. An 
important part in knowi ng and 
gaining your own t:ultu red outlook 
is ex perienf.: ing the culture of oth-
ers. 

So. you can ponder the works of 
Manet, or you can don somc tight , 
while Bermuda short s. Just don' t 
run me down wh i Ie ta lking on the 
cellular and taking up two lancs 
with your SUY. 

For more in/ormaTio/l vi.l·it Ihe 1. 
Paul Gerry Museum 's website at 
http://www.getty.edu/museum 

Edilors Nole: Send comment.l· III 
mC()lller(glm:sd.edll 

The UCSD Guardian OPINION 7 

Ne\N 3-in-1 
FreshLook ColorBlends'~ 

PLO \u-4 OU 

r -- - - -------.., I -' P I illS O F COI.()I(\lU:NIlS I 
lhree colOIS Into aile 10 Credle d IOldlly I 12 1'111(., or FI(ESIILoo" (;LEi\1( I 
na tural look-even on the d,Hke~! l'ye~; I + E XMI. FOI .U)\\ UI'S. SOl.lrrlONS I 

II $14 9 :!t~rc~:~s . II rebate EVGn It your VISI()n IS purteel Whal S youl COIO!"I L ___ _ _______ ...J 
~==,=== ....... _____ ROIERI HILLER. 0 D • SlEVEN TAYMAN, 0 D . • JOHN CASlIlLLO, 0 D 

I $89**1 $99** 1 $129** 
EXTENDED WEAR DISPOSABLE 

COMPLETE 2 PAIRS B&L FW COMPLETE COSTA VERDE CENTER 
8650 GENESEE AVE. Su, 220 (619)452-7374 

FASHION VALLEY CENTER 
NEAa SAKS FIFTH AVENUE 

.. ALL 'pe<lol, Include leme" exam, eyecor. kil and follow up v",1 A'''gmo''c len ... h'gh.r 
Nal valid wllh any olher oller. 011." "P'" 12131/98. 

M·F 10·7 ' SAl 10·6 ' I 
(619)295-0537 

SUN . 11·6 

benefitting UCSD Undergraduate Scholarships 
Friday, October 23, noon 

North Campus Field (adiacent to RIMAC) • Check-in starts at 10:30 a.m. 
AI/ students, faculty and staff are invited to ioin Chancellor Robert C. Dynes 

for a 5K Run/Walk on the UCSD cross country course 
You can be part of th is exciti ng event for just $5/ student and $6/faculty and staff. Entry fee is $10 day of the event. All mailed entries 
must be sent by Tuesday, October 20. 
Chancellor Dynes will personally donate $5 to the UCSD Underg raduate Scholarship Fund fo r every UCSD student, staff or faculty 
who finishes the race and an addifional $5 for every run ner finishing ahead of him. 
Entry fee includes: ... 5K Run/Walk with Chancellor Dynes 

... Commemorative event t-shirt guaranteed to those pre-registered 

... Lunch following the event on RIMAe field 

... Awards to top finishers 
,-- ----------- - ---- -------- ------ ------- - - -- -

ENTR), FORM : 
(All checks should be made payable to UC Regents) 

Nome Phone E-mail 

Address 

please check one of the following and indicate f-shirt size: o UCSD Student ($5) College 
o Faculty/ Staff Alumni 1$6) 
o Mosters/60+ ($6) 
T-shirt size: OM DL DXL DxxL 

yv'AIVER: In consideralion of this entry acceptance, I, my heirs, executors and administrators ·hereby waive all rights or claims for damages 1 may have against the Universi ty of 
Cali fornia, The UC Regents, its oRicers, slaff or representative, as well as their spansOl> or others associated wilh this event, for any and all iniuries sustained by me in this event. 
Additionally, twill permil the free use of my nome and picture in newspaper orticles, broadcalls, video, elc. t further onest and verify thott am physically fit for th is actiVity. 

Entran~s signatule ___ Dote 

Return to UCSD Athletics Department (in RIMAC) or mail on campus to: Chancellor's 5K Run/Walk, UCSD Athletics 0531 
Pre·entry deadline is noon, Thursday, October 22. 



Fine Arts 
Wednesday, October 21 

• AIIldllir FraHl • Skyldance to perlonn Cettic traditiofllli and cutting 
edge music. CeltIC, medIeval, baroque, Ian and rock and reXl music take the 
Slage at8 pm. Mandeville Audrtorium. S17 general admission, S15 faculty, staff 
and sernor cibzens, and $12 for students. Tickets available at UCSD Box Of-
fice 534-8497 and TlCketmaster outles at 220-8497 

Academic Services 
Tuesday, Oclober 20 

• Study AbroId! Austria, Germany EAPIOAP Information Session In the Inter-
national Center Conference Room. 2:1JO.3·3Op m. 

Wednesday, October 21 

• Deplrtmenl of BioengiMaing Adviling and tnfonnatiofllll meeting. For 
Bioengineenng, Pre·Medicai and Biotechnotogy, and alt Pre-Bioenglneenng 
majors. 510t Englf1eering Builting 1. 2:00p.m. 

Friday, October 23 

.lItt dIy to mum tutbooU It the General Store Co-Op! 

Ongoing 

• The GetIerIf SIOre C~ is open for busmess seUing the best priced text-
books, paper products. and art supplies on campus. Open Monday thru Thurs· 
day 9-5, Friday 9-4. 

• Academic Internship Program. ApplicationS for local winter and out-ol-town 
spring intemships Wilt be accepted Monday, October 5- Fnday, Novertber 20. 
Students must have completed 90 Untts, 2 upper diVIsion courses, and hal e a 
min. 2.5 g.p.a.LJlerature Bunding Room 3255. M, T. Th, F 8:1JO.12:00 and 1:1JO. 
4:00; Wednesdays 8:lJO.l :00. 

• UCSO'I FlCul1y Mentor Program. Mention junIOrs and seniors· thIS is an 
exc~ing opportunity for you to work closely with a plofessor on you malor and 
gain vafuable research expenence during the academtC year. To apply, piCk up 
an application at 411 University Center. For Info caJl534-5791.Applicatlon dead-

~ne: Friday, November t3, 1998. 

HeaUh & Fitness 
Ongoing 

• Individuaf Frtness Asseument· at RIMAC every Mon & Wed, 5-8pm. Walk 
in to the Wellness Room, 2nd floor. A FREE student selVtee provided by Stu-
dent Heallh Advocates! Call 534-2419 lor more info! 

• HEADACHES'!! Who needs 'em? Visit the HeldlCheCfinic at Student Health 
and get help! No charge to registered students. Call 534-8089 for your appoint· 
ment. 

• Student HeaIIh is here lor'iOUI We're a lUll servICe clinIC open to ALL regis-
terecl s\uClenlS. You don'l need heatth Insurance 10 use OIlr seMCest A!>pooll-
menlS for physrclan viSits and specially c1mics • call 534·8089. Walk in to Ur· 
gent Cars weekdays Bam-4:30pm. (Wed. 9-4:30pm) 
• Emergency Contraception, annual exams, STD lests, pregnancy tesls, blnh 
control prescriptions, & health edication -all at Women's Clinic, Siudent Heallh. 
Cal 534-8089 for appt. Completely conlodential- atways! 

• Annonymous HIV letting at Student Health! Walk In to sign up at the Health 
Annex, first floor. $10 charge Includes pre- and post· counseling. Ouesllons? 
Call a heallh educator at 534·2419. 

• Free Cholesterol Testing at Student Health· Sign up at the hrst Hoor bultehn 
board tor your appointment. 

• Don't Go in the Ocean! At least not untol you've had your HepatltosAsIlots! If 
you surt or SWIm Iflthe ocean. consider Immunizaltons to protect your health. 
Two shots -6 months apart -S60each. Walk In to Student Health M·F 8·11 am: 
Wed.9-11am 

• Siudent Health Advocate prOVide Peer Education Programs on Nutntlon, 
HIV, Fitness, Stress & other tOPiCS' at your res hall or studenl org meetings! 
Call 534·2419 for info on these FREE programs! 

• Low Cost Phannacy- Over-the-counter ~ems (cold mediCines. antaCidS. 
bandaids, vilamlns, skin care products, sunscreen, contraceptive products. 
contact lens products, etc.) all at discount pnces! Located In the hrst Itoar of 
Student Health. Open M-F 8am·4:3Opm, Wed. 9am-4.3Opm. 

• CPR and First Aid Classes at Student Health! Classes held at Student Health 
• laugh! by Amencan Red Cross-certlhed Instructors. Take Communtty CPR, 
Standard First Aid (with Reference Book) · aU for S25.00! Sign up soon -classes 
fill up qUIckly! Come to 2nd floor of Student Health Center, 01 e·mall 
pgnUo@ucsd.edu to Sign up. 

Clubs & Meetitlgs 
Thursday, October 22 

• Olrkstar's Science Fiction Dinner! Meet In the Darkstar office aI6:45p.m. 
for rides and a bnef meellng before heading off to the Clalremont Soup Ex-
change_ Info 586-9452. 

Saturday, October 24 

• Dlrkstar Gaming Meeting! We'll have tons of games and tons of fun! Please 
drop by. Old Student Center North Conference Room. lp.m.·1Ip.m. For info 
call 586·9452. 

Ongoing 

• Feet still itchin' for a place to move? The UCSD Ballroom Dance Team IS 
hOlding free tessons In Rlmac: Mondays g-t t pm. ActiVIty Room I and Thurs· 
days 9· t I pm. AClIVIIy Room 2. Come and tryout lor our team No panner or 
expenence necessary. 

• MEChA General Body Meetings. Every Monday at 5 pm In the Cross Cui· 
turat Center. See you there! 

• Community Service, Leadelship, Fellowship: Circle K has rt all. Come lOin 
us on Mondays at 7 pm. trl Gallery A. Hope to see you Iheret 

• lesbian, GIY, Bisexuaf, T~nsgender Anociltion meels Mondays 7 pm 
Graduate Student AssOCIabon Room nexllo A.S. Lecture Notes More trllo: 
534-GAYS 

• Come join the Inl!ffllltional Club. Meet UCSD and InternattOnal studenls. 
We meet every Tuesday at 6'30 pm In the International Center Lounge 

• The UCSO Blllroom D.nce Club meelS every Fnday. 2·4 pm In the Maon 
Gym, North Balcony. Come for free fun danctng Begtnners wetcome. Our next 
dartCe IS Sunday. October t 8 at7pm III Pnce Cenler Bal~oom B For more IOfo 
calt Rhea at 678·0992 

• The Episcopaf Student Auociation meets fNery Wednesday from 
5:00-ll:3O pm. in the IntemahOnaJ Student Center Conference Room 
for commUnIOn Chnsllan diSCUSSIon. and free dinner. Students, fac-
ul1y, and staft welcome. 

SerVices & Workshops 
Monday, October 19 

• Identify yOIJ' ~reer in businesl: If you're undeclared or unsure 
about what to do with your malar. aHend thIS workshop 10 leam vital 
facts about spectlic occupations In buSiness. Assess your balues and 
skills and determflE what jObs may be a good match for you. 534-
3750. Career ServtceS Center ?:30-4:00p.m. 

Tuesday, October 20 

• Identify your career in technofogy & physical science: Dori l know 
what career path to take? Need help choo~ng a career or a rnagor? 
Find out how SpecifIC Iech/SCI occupations that may match your val· 
ues and skills. For onfo call 534·3750. Career SeNices Center 2'30-
4:00pm 

Wednesday, October 21 

• Identify yOUI career in arts & cOll'll1Unication: Don't know what 
careers connect with your major? Leam about specific OCQ.IJations in 
the artslcomm fields and determine which jobs may match your val-
ues and skills. 534-3750. Career Serv;ces Center. 2:1JO.3:3Op.m. 

• Copyrights, Trademarkl & Unfair compe@onWOrkShor Wlth 
John Benassi, Managing Partner at Lyon & Lyon. Overview 0 Intel-
lectual Propetty, AppI)ing & Oblairing a Copyright or T radernall<, Copy. 
nght & Trademall< Prolectlons Under the Law, How to Use Matenals 
That are Copyrighted or Have a Trademark, and an Update on the 
Digital Millenium Copynght Act passed by Congress. For more Info, 
please contact Studenl Legal ServIceS at 534·4374 Pnce Center 
DavislRiverstde Room. 4:3Op.m.·6:00p.m. 

• Transitions: An International Career and Graduale School Ex-
plo~tion Prognm. Come hear about opportunities lor intemahonal 
graduate schools, funding resources for graduate study and research 
overseas, and global career exploration. Intemallonal Center Loung. 
5:00p.m. 

Thuflday, October 22 

• Job Intmiews: Are you preplred? Get over your IntelVlew J,Hers 
al thIS small group workshop. See yourself answenng Questions on 
video, get immediate feedback and improve your delIVery. Interview 
alltre. Sign up in advance. 534-37SQ. Career Services Center. 
It :30a.m.-l:3Op.m. 

• Considering Dental School? Before you go you have to get in! A 
FREE Admissions Seminar is being oo-sponsored by Kaplan, Pre-
Dental Society, and the Health Professions Program. SeatIng is lim-
ned. Call today to reserve your seat! t ·800-KAp·TEST. Price Cenler 
RiverSidelDalt1s Room. 7:00p.m. 

• Cognitive Science: Career Options' Graduate Study: Don1 miss 
thiS Career Exploration Panel! Hear lrom professionals and faculty 
about various careers (including human factors and artifiCial intelh-
geneel and the nature of graduate educatoon on thiS multidiSCIplinary 
field. 534·3750. Career SelVtoes Cenlel. 2:30 p.m. 

Friday, October 23 

• Preparing for Medicat School: Leam about academiC, exlracur-
neutar and career ptanring for students onterested In the medical pro-
feSSIOn . Fnllowlng this presentation, there Will be a question and an-
swer session about admission to UCSD's School of MediCIne. 534· 
4939. Career SeNices Center. 2:30p.m. 

Ongoing 

• It's Here! PiCI< up your copy of the Career ServICes Cenle(s Fall 
Catendar today and start putting you job search or graduate schoot 
plans in t1gh gearl Don'1 miss a greal Uneup of evenls Inclurnng Ca· 
reer Exploration Panels, OrrCampus IntelVlews, ScLiTech Job Fair. 
ProfeSSIonal & Graduale School Info Fair and more! 534-3750. 

• JOBS! JOBS! JOBS!- 24fT at www-CSC.ucsd.edu:Act:essthousands 
of lob listings on the Career ServIces Cenler'S homepage (www-
csc.ucsd.edu) at anytime on any Intemel·connected computer! Sign 
up today for Oo·Campus IntelVtews or apply lorwork·studylobs. full-
lime or part-time Jobs. Internships, career POSlllons, and co·ops. For 
more inlormatoon call 534·4472. 

• Interested in Graduate or Professionat Schoot? Videos. cata · 
logs, and dlrectones on vanous programs are aVililable at the Career 
ServICes Center. PICk up Information sheelS on prepanng for admiS-
sions lests, appty,ng for fellOWShips, obta~ng reference leHers and 
wflting personal slalements. For more Info , check out www· 
csc.ucsd.edu or call 534·4939. 

• Careel Advilin, for Undergraduate.nd Graduate Students: Let 
expert career adviSOrs at Ihe Career SeNices Center help VOl iden-

tl~ career opportun~ies that match your goals, inlerests and skills. 
Get your resume critiqued, explore potential careers, leam how to 
network and obtain valuabte career information. Drop·ins: M·F t:30-
4pm. Moming appts. available. Call 534·3750. For more info, www-
csc.ucsd.edu. 

• Sign up for OfloCampus Intmiews: 119OU're graduating soon and 
need a lob. don't miss your chance to Ifltervtew With maloremployers 
who are coming on campus Oct 19· Nov. 25. Hurryl Sign up dead· 
wnes vary. Stgn up and It1ew JOb hstlngs at www-csc.ucsd.edulcscl 
Jstoncam.hlm. All interviews held at Career SeMces Center 2nd floor. 
534·4472. 

Mondays 

• Undergraduate Growth Group: 3:30·5:00pm. Room 242SSB Stu· 
dents often expenence loneloness, uncertaonty, anxiety, and confu-
Sion as they try to loster intimate retationships With fnends. lamiy, 
and romantIC partners. Tt1s may be true even when others see them 
as outgoong and confident. This coed therapy group IS destgned for 
students who want to leam to deYelop more eftective ways 10 r1teract 
With others. PreviOUS IndlVtduallherapy IS recommended before lOin-
tng the Growth Group. Led by John Wu, 534- t 579 and Jeft Nairn, 
534- t 725. can Jotvl or Jeft 10 si!,T1 up lor the gloup. 

Tueldlys 

• Men'1 Group: I-2:30pm, 242SSB. Ttis group for upper dMSlon 
and graduate student men WlU diSCUSS IOterpersonai relationslip cha~ 
lenges tndudtng malntaltllflq Independence III close retahonshps wtIh 

Wednesdays 

• Parenting Support Group: t2·1 pm. Women's Cen· 
ter. 412 UCtr. Being a parent and a studenl at UCSD 
IS as challengtng as life can be! This group Will offer a 
lorum for parents to getlogether, share and Ieam from 
each other as we naVIgate together the deli<jhtful and 
yel not so placid waters of parenlhood. Led by Reina 
Juarez. 534·3875 CaD Reina for Informatoo and to 
sign 1.9 for the group. 

• Latino/Chicano Support Group: 2:3()'4:3Opm Hall 
Dome Lounge, Muir Cotlege. Fami~, parents, econom· 
ics, friends, relationships, culture and academics- all 
these themes are explored toward the goal ot gradua· 
tion from UCSD. Led by Reina Juarez, 534-3875 and 
Dan Munoz 534-0251 . 

• Graduate Women's Group: 3:15-5pm. Women's 
Center, 4 t 2 UCtr. This is a year long therapy group. 
New members are intervtewed and integrated into the 
group on a quarterty basis. Themes are generated by 
members of the group. Typical themes include aca· 
demiclprogessional identity, dealing with multiple roles, 
maintaong romantic relatoonships, and providi~ care 
for sen. Led 'rJt Equrita Luke. 534-0248 and Christie 
FlA<unaga, 534·5989. Call EQuitla or Chnstie for a pre· 
group appointment. 

Thursdays 

• Adun Children of Alcoholics Advanced Therapy 
Group: 2:30-4·00p.m. 242S58. This IS a therapy gourp 
tor students who have grown up in a famity with alco-
hol aOOse and want to worit through persooal issues. 
Prior Individuaf therapy or group therapy is recom· 
mended. Led by Jeanne Manese, 534·3035. Calt 
Jeanne tor a pre·group appointment before coming to 
the group. 

Fridays 

• Whal's Love Gotto do With 117 t2 :1JO. 1:30pm, 242 
SSB. 00 any of these questions sound familiar? Why 
is It so hard for me to gellnlo a relationship? Am I 
getting too involved too quick~? Why is it so hard to 
trusf hllTilher? Am t repeating the same destructive 
panems in a relationship again? Tjese and many other 
topics are discussed in this coed group for grads and 
undergrads. Led by unda Young, 534-3987. Students 
should call Linda to sign 1.9. 

• Asian-Amorican Community Forum: 12:00· 
t:3Opm ., Cross Cultural Center, 510 UCtr. His intor· 
mal drop·in group is designed to address the concerns 
of AsianIPacific Istander students at UCSD in a sup-
portive and problem-sofving atmosphere. Issues such 
as career and academic success, family pressures, 
CUltural identity, and relationships are possible topics. 
Feellree 10 bring your lunch! Led by Jeanne Manese, 
534-3035, and John Wu. 534·1579. 

• Afcohol & Substance Abuse Support Group: 2· 
4pm, HalllJome Lounge, MUir College. "you ever 
have ever asked yourselt. '00 I have a problem wrth . 
. .1', then perhaps you are ready to explore the 

response. Led by Dan Munoz. 534-0251. 

• Campus Btack Forum: 4:30-6pm ., Cross Cullural 
Center, 510 UCtr. Campus Black Forum is an Informal 
galhering where we invite open discussion and ex· 
change Ideas, Questrons, and concems on any topic 
relevant to the lives and experiences of people of Afri· 
can descent. Is is a place for us to connect with other 
sludenls, (grad and undergrad) staff and faculty at 
UCSD on a casual, supportive. community atmosphere. 
Led by Linda Young, 534·3987. 

Lecture 
Wednesday, October 21 

• "Body tmage Past & Present" Dr. McCreary, a psy· 
chologlst W1ht Psychological and Counseling SelVlces, 
will present a slide presentation 10 explore how our 
Image has changed and look atlhe sublle and not so 
sublle messages we see In the media . At the Women's 
Center 11 ·3Oa.m.· l :3Op.m 

Events & Recreatioll 
Tuesday, October 20 

• Breakfast at Tiffany's. A hi<jhly·raled romantic com· 
edy based on the 1958 story by Truman Capote. Audrey 
HEpburn ptays an eccentnc p1aygirt who becomes ra-
manbcally involved wtlh George Peppard the writer. All 
showings 52. 7:00p.m. and 10:00p.m. at Price Center 
Theater. 

Wednesday, October 21 

• Free Concert! Featuring John McGaraghan. Grove 
Cafe at Noon. 

• Women's Soccer YS, Vassar College. Notlh Cam· 
pus Soccer Stadium 7:00 p.m. 

• Geary Thompson Trio pertorms in the Bult's Eye at 
Round Table Pizza. Free Corcertl Come get great food 
speclalst 8.p.m. 

Thursday, October 22 

• Les Miserablel. EpIC drama about a humble man 
whose itfe lakes tim through some of the most rmpor· 
tant events of contemporary Itmes. All showtngs $2. 
Price Center Theater. 7:00 and 10:00p.m. 

Friday, October 23 

• Chlncelfor'. Chillenge SK RurJWalk. Noon. Chan-
celior Robert C. Dynes and event chalf Cha~ie Robins 
have chalenged individuals and companies to match 
their donations of $30.000 and S to,()()(), respectiVely, 
on beha~ of the evenl. ChanceNor Oynes wjl also do· 

M >;"1' I .1 0' '1~,tjJJ J\ 19'/ 1./' wNl onday. t:tooer • ')!! 

nale $5 persooalty for every person who 
participates, another $5 lor every per· 
son ..me beats him in the run. Regstra· 
tion beginS at 10:3Oa.m. on the North 
Campus Field. Registration fees include 
a tee stin and post·race lunch and are 
$5 for students and $6 for faculty and 
staff in advance, and $10 the day of the 
event Calt Brian Daly at 822-1 536 for 
info. 

• fnternational Fair. Ubrary Walk. 
10:00a.m. 

• The Optometry Department (located in 
the UCSD Student Health and Wellness 
Center) invites you to a free eyeglass 
fashion trunk show. Desi<jners to be 
displayed are Espnt, Elle, and Hugo 
Boss. Call 534·2602 tor more Iflforma· 
tion. to:OOa.m.·2:00p.m. 

• Men's Water Polo vs . LMU. Canyon 
VteW Pool 6:00 p.m. 

• Women's Volleyball vs, Vassar Co~ 
tege. Rimac 7:00 p.m. 

Saturday, October 24 

• Homecoming keynole address gven 
by Irwin Jacobs, chairman and CEO of 
QUALCOMM. 9:30 a.m. in the Price 
Center. Faculty presentations to fotlow 
will range Irom a talk on 'Why Can't 
Chopin Play Boogie?'to 'Visualizing the 
Molecutar Wond: S t 5 fee in advance 
registration includes an faculty presen-
tations, continentat breakfast. fami~ bar-
becue picnK: and UCSD momentos. A 
late reglstratl()'t fee of S5 wfll be charged 
after Oct. 20 and to all walk-in partici· 
pants. For registration and info call 
Aturnrn Office. 534-3900 

• Men's Soccer YS. USfU. North Cam· 
pus Soccer Stadium 2:00 p.m. 

• Fish and Nature Printing Workshop 
at Birch Aquarium at Scripps. Great op-
portUnity to create yOUi own hOliday 
gifts! Creale un~ue artwork using fishes. 
seas tars, seaweeds, and shells in the 
anciert Japanese art of gyOlaku. Fee 
for the class is $35, and includes speci-
mens for art projects. Participants must 
supply their own items to decorate. Ad-
vance regstration is required and en-
rollment is limiled ' For info call 534-
7336. 9.3Oa.m.-12:30 p.m. 

Sunday, October 25 

• Men's Water Poto vs. USC. Canyon 
View Poot Noon. 

• Roma Nights. Shree Will penorm a 
FREE concert at Espresso Roma. 8:00· 
9:00p.m. 

Monday, October 26 

• Men's Soccer vs, Ctaremont 
Colflege. Nonh Campus Soccer Sta-
dium. 7:00 p m. 

Ongoing 

• Slart, facully and students are Invited 
to Chatlenge the Chanceflor at the an-
nual5K RunNJalk Oct. 23 which marits 
the kick-off for Homecoming Week at 
UCSD. The noon run winds through the 
scenic UCSD campus. For more info 
please call Brian Daly al 822-1536. 

• Masquerade BaIt is coming! Clrde 
K's biggesl event wilt be hetd al tnn 
SUites Hotel Balboa Park Resort-Mis-
sissippi Ballroom. Tickets at Box OffIC-
$13 before 10/19, St8 alter. Costume! 
semi·formal: Sat. 101318pm-12am. For 
Info call 898·6276. 

Dizzy Gillespie 
drllwing by}olm Bllrb/l/: 
Bring your illustrations and 
pbotographs to tbe' 
Guardlall ('.!.flee alld we 
might 111/1 'el/l, Ills/ead IIJ 
Barber's colllillulllg 
"liero<!s IIJ Jazz' clillectIolr. 

MQnday. OctQher J 9, 199B •• 

ATHLETICS: 
Watson guarantee 
no fee increases 
Continued from page 2 
movc and I hal we arc finally 
going to he Ihere." 

Goodkind said that the swilch 
to Division II will be a goud 
move for Ihe campus. H e added 
Ihat he hopes the ' Assm:iated 
Students wi II not ~hortl.:hange 
othcr studenl organiL::llions in 
order 10 fund Division II athktil.:s. 

Abi 

However. he also said it is still 
unclear how the m ove to Division 
II wi II t: htlnge t he percept ions 
among the community. 

" I don't know if i t will have 
an impact on th e puhlic 's per· 
ception of ou r campus. 
Goodkind said. " I think the main 
imptlci is the students' pen.:ep· 
tion of the campus, ;Ind if il 
makes them feel thai it 's a Illore 
t:ll illfortahle and more eXci ling 
place to have il1ll~rt:Ollegia t e ath~ 
lelics on that level. so much Ihe 
helle I'. ., 

The ,UCSD .Guardilln ~ 

DONATIONS: 
Money wi II al. 0 
fund new faculty 
Continued from page 3 
areas of expertise," Hagcn added. 
"By increasing til\' faculty, wc wil l 
also he ahle to increase Ihe sludcnl 
hody enrollment." 

The UCS D hioenginecring 
deparlment was ranked third in the 
nalion in U.S. Nell '.\' /llId World 
Reflll!,! :1' IYlJ):! survcy of graduale 
schools. 

WS ~9 

UC SAN DIEGO 
.;.J 
•

' -li } 

(1111.1' 

HI .\I)()R 

\11 XI( () 

( OSIA RI( .\ 

I R.\:'oO( I. 

VISIT WITH 

ARTURO ARTAZA 
AT THE PRICE CENTER 

FROM 10:00 AM -2:00 PM 
ON OCTOBER 19·20 

INTERNATIONAL 
STUDIES ABROAD 

thank you to all those 
who helped us in our time of 

desp eration (esp ecially Nick) Tabitha) 
A nn) Lisa) Julia) and Walt)! S( OTlA:'oO /) 

817 W. 24TH ST_ 
AUSTIN , TEXAS 78705 
1-800-580-8826 

EMAIL: isa@aus-etc.com 
www.studiesabroad.com 

G R A Be 
GUARDIAN 
Golden Triangle 
• Mobi l Station· Kinko so SI. Gfrmaln '\ 
• EI Torilo· Cal Copy· BJ'sPimrta· Ralph s 
• Garden State Bagel· Vons · Papachino's 
• La Jolla Del Sol • Albertson's · Subway 
• Bookmr • Zebra Copy-Stella Bella 
• Koala Yogun • (om Verde Car Wash 
• La Salla · RubiO's • Taco Belf 
• Java House · News Etc. • Bean s 

O Miramar • Subway· Roberto 's 
La Jolla Shores 
• Jeff's Burgers • Neighbor Saver 
• North Shore Cale iii 
• Panlnl Caffe "i,; 

Downtown La Jolla 
• Amy's Cafe · La Jolla BreWing Co 
• House of Nalural foods · LJ Publi c Library 
• Ballimore Bagel· Bimini 's ~ 

Pannikin · 7- II(LaJolia Blyd.) 0 

Pacific Beach 
• BUll3mente 's· Starbucks • Ambience Cafe 
• Zanzibar ' Cafe Crema • 7· 11 

~ • Quick Corner • Soup Exchange 
~ • Dragon House 

Mission Beach 
• Mission Beach Tan 
• Mission Beach Laundry 
• Million Coffee House 

Uptown/Hillcrest 
• The Living Room · Palla Time Cafe 

• 

·Lalo's etc. • The Study 
~~ • Esprwo Roma· Euphoria Cafe 

• UCSO Hed CeolH · Quel fromage 

North (ou nty 
• Pizza Port • Belly Up 
• flower Hili Bookstorr 

(Del Mar) 
• Del Mar Highlands 

Town Center 

• Jock 's 

-- Erika and Leena SPAJ:'oO 

iriday,Odober 23 6-1Op.,.&11 
Price Cetttet' plaza 

The Wailin~ Souls ( .. e~,ae) 
Spearhead (hip-hop) 
Let's Go Bowlin~ {ska} 

Hawaiian Dress C01t1petition 
Ft'ee Admission! 

l., 

AIs«ilttd Shodull UC Sill Di.go 



10 

Nllbim CDX 
4-door S(dan 

The UCSD Guardi an Monday, October 19, 1998 

fmroducing the Daewoo Leganza, rhe D aewoo Nubira I Used books. and the Oaewoo La nos. Nice new cars, complete 
with new car handling. N ew ca r reliabili ty. 

N ew car mell. For not much m ore than 

you'd pay for a used car. 

With coverage 0 inclusive, your fir t three 

years (or 36,000 miles) of scheduled 

mainrenance are taken care of. 

Even oil and wiper blades. 

To learn more aboLlt D a woo 

(" Day-woo") and OLlr special coil ge 

f1n an ing plan, che k out 

www.daewoou .om. 

or stop by a 

acwo tore. 

We'll make sLlre { II I1OS SX 3-dnor IJlIlchbllck 

YOLI do n't feel L1sed anym ore. 

Daewoo. A new car. 

A new experience. 

I {:~(IIWI Cf)X 
1-r/OIll'Sedtlll 

/ Used furniture. 
Used jeans. 

Ready for something new? 

~l~ DAEWOO 
Daewoo of San Diego 
777 am ino Del Rio 

(619) 299-8882 

'Monday, Octobe r 19, 19911 ' r '""\ rl '1'" I I The UCSD Guardian FEATURES II 

Morse 

lisa Huff/ Guard;an 

OR UL for 
UCCES 

P h.D. candidate Jen-ni fer Morse serves as a shining example of an out standi ng wo man in mathe-
mati l:s . She rCl:cnli y rciurned 
from an ex tended stay in Paris, 
where she conducted resean:h and 
worked with Frenl:h mathemat i-
l: ians. She also delivered scholarly 
papers elsewhere in Europe. and 
enjoyed the opportunity to inter-
a.:t with other' mathematics stu -
dents. 

As a TA, she enjoys leading 
undergraduate students in their 
pursuit of mathematic excell ence. 
Before she decided to pu rsue her 
Ph . D. in mathematics, she 
received her degree in Liberal Arts 
and Sciences, and did her honors 
thesis on the evolution of Gahriel 
Garcia Marquez' novellas into a 
film titled "Erendira." Morse 
demonstrates how valuabl e a 
diverse education can be, and the 
strong potential for women in the 

lield of mat hematics. 
Personal 

I was born on a dairy farm in 
Vermont, and li ved the lirst I I 
years of my life there. Then my 
moiher, father, two sisters and I 
moved t.o Virginia. I am the middle 
of three sisters. I went to high 
school in Virgi ni a. 
Goals 

I have the same goa l I guess 
everyone has; I want to be happy. 
I don' t have any structured goal s. 
For example, I don' t have thi s-
idea that I want to be a professor 
at this university, or I want te' he 
president of th is ... I have no goals 
like th at. I just hope that I'll be in 
a position where I'll have people 
close to me, and that I'll have 
enough time to spend doing fun 
things with the people close to 
me. I hope to have a job that real -
ly stimulates me. Many johs 
aren' t stimulating. I hope that I'll 
at leas t be able to stimulat e 
myself, whatever I'm doing. I 

think that would be all I'd rea lly 
need. If I have to work in a job 
that I don' t fi nd to be perfec t, I 
hope that I have enough time, so 
that in my free time I can do 
things that make me happy. 
What Is the most difficult 
thing about your position as 
a graduate student/TA at 
UCSD? 

I guess thatlhere would be two 
answers: One a~ a graduate stu -
dent one as a TA - because it 's a 
completely different world. Part 
of heing a graduate student is 
hei ng a TA, hut it 's difli cult to 
focus Ion you r class 1 and then 
shi n gea rs and ha ve to dn 
research. IThat is] why most of 
my research was done this sum-
mer. or last year when I had a 
research a ·sistantship. Those were 
my most productive times. 

Then of course appl ications are 
the biggest nightmare of my life. 
It 's just hugely time consuming, 

See MORSE, Page 16 

STORY BY TOM SULLIVAN, 
GUARDIAN REPORTER 



12 FEATURES 

ARENA 
Why don't you attend 
UCSD sporting events? 
Interviews and 
Photography by Cristina Bustos 

"Because they 're Division 
III and there's not much 
interest because they don't 
play any big name schools. 
That, and I live off campus 
and it's hard to go back 
and forth." 

Karen Sechrist 
Muir Junior 

"[ usually don' t even know 
about them_ They don't 
advertise the event times 
and who is play ing in too 
many places." 

Greg Sims 
Revelle Sophomore 

"There's not enough spirit 
for the sports teams." 

Alejandro Diaz 
Muir Senior 

"I guess I don ' t go because 
not many other people are 
go ing either. It 's hard to 
get excited when no one 
else is." 

Elaine Lee 
Marshall Senior 

"I' m kind of busy, and 
sometimes you don't know 
where they are. I'm als 
preLt y lazy, so I don ' t want 
to walk all the way to 
RIMAC." 

Thomas Bach 
Warren Freshman 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, October 19, 199H 

CROSSWORD By Edgar Fo.ntalne 

ACROSS 

1 Brazilian soccer great 
5 Parody 
10 Despised 
15 Once more 
19 Trebek of • Jeopardy-
20 Of ocean motion 
21 Of use 
22 Vague amount 
23 Dubious buy 
25 Tux 
27 Jewish holiday 
28 Disfigures 
30 Applies colo r 
31 Hammered on a slant 
32 Female red deer 
33 Marshes 
34 Fasten tightly again 
37 _ Domingo 
38 Shabbiest 
42 Greek goddess of peace 
43 Striped semi·preclous gemstone 
4 5 Zodiac sign for most of August 
46 _ on heels 
47 Occupant of a marina 
49 Suckered 
50 William. the Quaker 
51 State official: abbr. 
52 Indoor television antenna 
56 Gap in time 
57 Li fts 
59 Lean and lanky 
60 Pester 
61 Dilapidated 

62 Everly Brothers hit of 1957. -Wake 
UP Little _-

63 Persona non _ 
64 Shades of black and brown 
66 - of Fortune-
67 Thin coverings, say in silver 
70 Church singing group 
71 Guffaw 
73 Skater Babllonia 
74 _Inthesand 
75 Eastern bigwig 
77 Well·practiced skill s 
78 Sooty matter 
79 Ruin 
80 Hoax 
84 Enact 
85 Misfits 
88 Job stations 
89 Listed to one Side 
90 AI Capone 's nemesis 
91 Moves at a quick pace 
92 Wild pig 
93 Debates 
96 Polish 
97 Storage structure 
101 Dow slump 
103 Greatest part of anything 
105 _-noire (bugbear) 
106 Li ft 
107 Expensive 
108 Terrible name? 
109 _ out a living (scraped by) 
110 Affi rmatives 
111 Spooky belgian artist 
112 Mosquito. e.g. 

Solu.tions on page 15 

DOWN 
1 -Hair- producer Joseph _ 
2 Lamb's pen name 
3 Table support 
4 Alive 
5 ort (repelled) 
6 Like church organs 
7 Stench 
8 _ Ridge Boys 
9 Bond creator 
10 Cigar container 
11 Components of everything 
12 Metal containers 
13 Moose 
14 Became more intense 
15 St. FranCIS of _ 
16 Person. place. or thing 
17 Send out 
18 Dampens 
24 Nar y a soul 
26 Yin and 
29 Poker pot starter 
32 Part of Hispaniola 
33 Actress Dunaway 
34 Long, narrow crest 
35 Swashbuckling Flynn 
36 Building materials for walls 
37 Uses a stiletto 
38 Sloppy 
39 Hopkins·Hurt film (with -The') 
40 Intuit 
41 Copper onrush 
47 Stuffing materials 
48 Follow orders 
50 Singer Page or LaBelle 
52 Estimator 
53 More authentic 
54 _ along 
55 Old-womanish 
56 Detest 
58 Bona·fide 
60 Quotes from one's own autobiogra-

phy? 
62 Seaside 
63 Satiate 
64 Ukeable loser 
65 In front 
66 Rotation sounds 
67 Splits hair 
68 Speedometer. e.g. 
69 Located 
72 Goes on and on 
75 Special messenger 
76 West and others 
78 The -Enterprise, - e.g. 
81 Elves 
82 High time? 
83 Getty of -The Golden Girls-
84 Makes airtight 
86 Accustomed 
87 Abound (with) 
89 More relaxed 
91 -We hold _ to be .. : 
92 Drum 
93 Singer Lane 
94 Smell strongly (of) 
95 Entryway 
96 Aspen mode of travel? 
97 High crags 
98 Own 
99 Periods of time 
100 Concavi ty 
102 -Norma _" 
104 Charleson or McKelien 

\ 

. 

Interested in remedying past wrongs? 
CallJessica at 534-5226 

UNIVERSITY CENTERS TH E- proudly pre.ent. 

UINTOUCHAB[E~ 
.. .,.-, c:::: c:::> .,.-, c:::: ~_-+-

Friaay .. sr 301,) At 
DorO" 5pln - Bpi· 

with Kalil Denson's Tinv Unive~se 
(with members fr om THE GRBYBt>y ALLSTARS) 
at the Student Center PariUng Lo t 

[ ~ (FI~(H.ta ~ J 
"ttu~ -u~"{ ~:t~ 

\; • • t • • ,.~ ,., 
MU~~;C, 'd ~anc;n9' OJ 

Porter'\ will ~ e \ervi n~ to tho\e 2j ~ean of a~ e 4 oloe r. 
co-~~on~O"'.D • .,., 

Monday, October 19, 1998 

MARY HIGGINS 
Sell ior SI14l Writer 

I've noticed something about the 
movies. During the preview for a 
drama (aka "chick Ili ~ k ") they 
always play '111e Song" - that 
wordless, violin-ish tune where the 
cymbals crash just as the hero stands 
on the edge of a c1ill and triumphant-
ly throws his an11S up into the ai r. 

The first time I noticed it was 
during the prev iew for "Seve n 
Years in Tillet." A very blond and 
tormenteu Brad Pill trekked across 
the screen in weathered clothing, 
di splaying a wide range of emo-
tion: amazement, rage, grief, rage 
and grief. When 'The Song" start-
ed to play and he threw hi s arms up 
into the air, I was in tears along 
with the rest of the audience. 

The music really got to me. 
Whoever wrote it is a genius. The 
song evoked images of passion and 
righteousness. It made we want to 
go see the movie. It made me 
believe Brad Pill could really act. 
That's powerful stuff. 

Then I saw the prev iew to 
"Mulan ." 

"Hey, that 's the same music they 

The UCSD Guardian FEATURES 13 

PSYCHO THERAPY 
Dynes will f eel the naked man 's wrath if parking isn 't resolved 
used in that Brad Pill movie," I 
cried, hav ing long forgotten the 
actual title of the film. 

Eventually, I began to notice 
that ''The Song" - while rarely 
ever used in the film it se lf -
makes its way into a preview at 
least once every other month. Most 
recentl y. it was used in the preview 
to "What Dreams May Come." 

You know what ? "The Song" no 
longer has the power to make me 
weep. I've rea lized "The Song" is 
merely a Hollywood ploy to trick 
us into thinking our theater ex peri-

epic lilm .... " 
Mark my words, thousands of 

foo ls across the nation wi ll trample 
each other to see thi s lihn, th an ks 
to "The ong". 

I swear, "Titanic's" one redeem-
ing qualit y is that it used original 
music during the previews. or 
course, eventually we all got sick 
of that, too. But at least they tried . 

Do I sound a lillie cyni ca l" l Bit-
ter, even? 

Well , despite the kind, suppon-
ive e-mai l I've re\:eived from you 
readers, I've heen a little grumpy 

ing like watching "Judge Judy" to 
cheer me up; no mailer how bad my 
day is, at least I'm not a mangy land-
lord who is suing an octogenarian 
tenant and her 15 cats.) 

Since there are two things I 
promi ed myse lf I wouldn't do in 
my column - make lame jokes 
about White House intern or whine 
ahout UCSD parking - I' ll cut to 
the chase and otTer a positive solu -
tion to thi s problem. 

I promise not seek revenge on 
the adminiSiration if they grant me 
a few si mple demands : 

if, however, the powers-that-be continue to heartlessly 
ignore the students ' parking needs, 1 will construct a 

giant statue o/the Black's Beach Naked Man in 
f ront of the chancellors complex_ 

encc is going to be meaningful. 
Moving. Epic. 

Maybe no one else has caught 
onto it yet, but the tim!! will come 
when you agree that I'm right. For 
example, if they ever make "Bay-
watch: The Movie," you can be sure 
David Hasselhoff will be standing on 
a clitr above the ocean, listening to 
'111e Song" . The narrator will be 
saying something like: "He came to 
Los Angeles with rage and grief, but 
what Mitch found was unbridled pu-~­
sian. In their quest for an Oscar, 
Mandelay Pictures brings you an 

ever since my foolish allempt to go 
to class on Tuesday. I wound up ci r-
cling North Parking, Muir, Revelle, 
the Med School and East Parking 
for an hour. This isn't going to come 
as a big shock. to anyone, but park-
ing at this school stinks. 

Forget about the highly wveted, 
yellow, student spaces. There isn ' t 
even anywhere to park illega lly. It 
would be enough to make Gandhi 
want to ki ck something. 

In the end, I missed my class, 
drove home and planted my ass in 
front of the television. (There's noth-

( I) [ demand to be reimbursed 
for the tank of gas I burned up as I 
searched for a parking space that 
didn' t exist. 

(2) I demand to be wmpensated 
for the half-grade I was docked 
when I fai led to attend dass and 
turn in my assignment. 

(3) I demand two or three multi -
level pu-rking structures he erected 
on campus hefore I graduate. 
That's a fairly generous time frame. 

If all of the above requests arc 
sat islied, I'll shut my mouth about 
on-campus parking forever. 

If, however, the powers-that-be 
continue to hearties Iy ignore the 
students' parking needs, I will con-
struct a giant statue of the Black's 
Beach Naked Man in front of the 
chancellor's complex . 

Don 't think I won ' t do it. I'm 
twisted like that. 

Picture the Statue of Liberty, but 
wearing onl y a T-shin and a back-
pack. Maybe sock~. 

I'd be willing to pay a model at 
least two or three dollars to pose for 
the project. 

The sheer manpower required 
for the proposed endeavor is stag-
gering. We the students must take it 
upon ourselves to unite and take 
action. 

1 know there are those of you 
out there who worked on your high 
school Homecoming fl oat. Surely 
you'd be wi ll ing to donate some 
time in the name of parki ng. 

Think how triumphant it will be 
to see the administration cowering 
helpless ly under the ever-present 
.shadow of the Naked Man. I can 
almost hear the "The Song" play-
ing now.... I 

From lire makers (If The Cafeleria 
COI1.\~)ira("y and The Six-Year Plan, 
collies an arl-pmjecl (If epic 1'1TI1'0r-
lioll.\". She would appreciale ("{lIItri -
buliO/l.I· of chicken-wire alUl wood, 
alollg witl, e-lIIail frolll people wilh 
architectural know-how. Sefid advice 
IIJ mhiggins@ucsd.edu or visit the 
Guardian office Oil the semnd ./1oor 
of lite Old Swdelll Celllel: 

A REASON TO SMILE! 
Your smi le is the first thing people notice about you. Now, we're giving 
you a reason to smile. Until November 30th, 1998 we're offering the 

Opalescence Tooth 
Whitening System 

for only $99 (a $300 va lue) . 
Call today, you'll be glad you did . 

Linda K. Lee, DDS, MS 
"At [he heaT[ of my dental practice is sensiti1lity and imagination . Done in thi.llUa)·, 

I am able to delighe the patient , maximize oral healeh along with wtal health , as well as 
create new smiles, new confidence and peace of mind ." 

On ,.Imp'" "f Sl ripp' M"mort,11 H"'plt.11 
(619)453~3888 

9850 Genesee, Suite 200, La Jolla 

College light 
\ff@iJJ]J@~~~ ~®:W 

Founded in December 1997, SCIENT is the systems innova-
tor for the electronic age™_ A systems innovator is a new 
model services firm that specializes in the development, 
implementation, and extension of innovative business 
approaches and systems. SCIENT is the only systems innova-
tor solely focused on eBusiness _ SCIENT has a 'Dream Team' 
comprised of seasoned executives, Silicon Valley entrepre-
neurs, and savvy consultants who deliver economic results for 
our clients. Scient is the team to play on! 

We want smart and savvy Internet consultants, engineers, 
and developers who have the passion and the motivation to 
build the future of electronic business. Candidates should 
posses excellent communication skills and have experience 
with object oriented programming. We have openings on the 
team for developers skilled in C, C++, Java Software 
Developers, COM, DCOM, CORBA Architects, DBA's Smart, 
Fun, Result Producing People! 

Positions Available: 
Wage/Salary: 

software developers 
competitive salary and benefits 



1 4 ltA'rtJRES 

NICK RUNCO 
Desip,11 Editor 

Ah, the design edi to r. It is proh-
ah ly the posi tion that has the most 
potenti al o f generating egoli s m. 
And it docs. On(;e in a while, I fee l 
like I' m righl and no o ne else has a 
d ue. 

Sometimt.:s they reall y don ' t. 
Sometimes those folks arc the one~ 
wi th the egos. 

On(;e I observe a persona lity 
trai t, I neg in noticing it in other 
places. I see egotism everywhere 
from pcople I know to peopl!: I sec 
to people that run our country. 

The lirs! levcl o f ego ti sm 
hclongs to people that I work with 
in class. As vi sual art majors, the. 
studen t~ arc measureu not hy the 
ideas that they have, hut hy th~ art 
that they generate from those ideas. 
II is the most personal of majo rs 
and the topics used require pe r~o n ­
al analys is and evaluation. Thi ~ 
prevents many from accepting any 
fau lts in the ir work simply becuuse 
on some level it refl ects poorly on 
Ihem. 

Some of these "artists" are 
hi larious. This is the image of the 
trendy (;ri ti c that eve ryone knows: 

The UCSD Guardian 

THE EDITOR'S SOAPBOX 
Why one VA major hates you and your ego 

cigarelle. (If you don' t smoke you 
arc not an arti sl. ) Second-hand 
clothes. ( ew clothes arc for the 
ruling bourgeo is d ass - Ihose that 
do not know how we suffer.) Over-
anal ysis. ( othing is as it ~ccms. 
Thi s newspaper is really an ironic 
mctaphor for a Chri st all egory 
invo lvi ng phalli c overtones and the 
corruption of media in soc iety.) 
Sadness. (A happy arti st? One can-
not tru ly see art unless he or she has 
suffe red. Enter ,eeond-hand 
clothes.) 

I lind the nex t level of egoti sm 
in people I don' t know. It belongs 
to the guy wa lking around campus 
with ti ght white T-shins and fl exed 
ncl.:ks. The jewelry, the pager/ce ll-
phone carefully positioned for opti-
ma l display, and the peeling out in 
parki ng lots and 50-foot stretches 
of road to uemonstrate their ~peed 
is just as hilarious as the pr<.:len-
sions of my "arti st" (ollca gll e~ . 

I like cell -phones. I want one. 
They' re inexpensive, work reall y 
well and would be very convenienl. 
I don ' t need to display it on my hip 
I()r everyone to stare at and he 
~lllilLed hy. Sports cars are great. I 
like Inlegras, I own a Civic (alhei!. 
it \ not a ~ P() rt s car) anu I hope to 
crui se around in a BMW ~omt.:uay. 
I don ' t need to race on ~u rface 
streets to he proud of my ca r. fl ex-
ing in puhlic is ~ imply unaccept -
ahle. 

( ide ole: CSD ~llId enl ~ ev i-
dent ly arc too ego ti stical to have 
any pride in our school and show 

Education? Whatev-
er. How's my power 
tie? Who can I 
defame for my own 
personal benefit 
today? Enter slime 
like Kenneth Starr 
and Orrin Hatch. 
Career not gOing 
well, boys? Need to 
completely over 
exaggerate some 
mundane Issue just 
to make people 
think you're actually 
doing something for 
our country? Oh, the 
egotism. 

up at the ga mes. You ~uc k . That one 
is for 'Da Coach.) 

Scene change: Washington, 
D.C .. our nation \ capita l. Ihe phys -
ica l rcprt.:se ntati on or freedom. 
What do we ~ee in Congress? 

Po liti c i a n~ in tight white T-~hirt s, 
peel ing out in bcamer~ while chat-
t ing on their convenientl y ui s-
played ce ll -phones? They mig ht as 
wcl l he. 

Let me rei terate an ohvio u~ 
poinl. Our country is heing run hy a 
hunch of narc i ~s i s tic sensational-

ists, who arc more conce rned wit h 
their ra tings and pleas ing the lob-
hyists who keep them in offi ce than 
whcre the next billion dollars of our 
tax money goes. 

Education? Whatever. How" 
my power tie'/ Who can I defame 
for my own personal bene lit today" 

Enter slime like Kcnneth Starr 
and Orrin Hatch. Career nOI going 
well , hoys'! eed to complelely 
over exaggerate SO me mundane 

i ~sue j usl 10 make people think 
you're actually doing someth ing 
for our country? 

Oh, the egotism. 
Suhject of defamati on? Adul -

tery. An Immoral act that is two 
sleps short of heco ming a campaign 
qUHlilication. Everyone in politics 
has had his or her hand in that one, 
excuse the pun. Yet. they use it as a 
weapon for im peac hment. That ha~ 
10 mean that it is not the values they 
are aga inst, hut they simply recog-
nill! th\! leverag\! it gives them to 

~ca l c the polit ical ladder. 
The true cause fo r concern is 

that it 's not just about making 
themselves look good anymore. 
That\ no longer enough. In order 
to rea ll y fe d good ahollt their inner 

[le r~() n the hoys on the hi II need to 
dc~troy somcone else and usc that 
for their own ga in . Admitt ance of 
guilt '! Not good enough. Nationa lly 
hroadcasted apology'! .'[' m sorry 
Mr. Leader of the Free World, we'd 
don't (arc ahout the respect our 
Io.:adcrs de~erve or their privacy. We 
need more supporters. You unuer-

Monday, Octobe r 19, 199'8 

stand, don 't you'/" 
The events surrounding Clin-

ton's "lapse of judgme nt " have 
been entertaining, the higgest ci r-
cus in D . . fo r quite some time. It 's 
not limited to the primary cast, 
either. The " producers" o f the hi g 
show, our capable news media, jUM 
love il. They are professionals 
doing a job - stri ving for the big 
story, the big scoop. But it 's not 
good enough for Ihem e ither. ow 
they mu t speculate about the news 
unti l you don't know what the real 
news is. But they look great. and 
Peter Jennings gets to he on 
cc lehrity Jeopardy one more time. 

I used to be proud, but now I'm 
sick. I don ' t like what C li nton did, 
but even worse then that has been 
the unrelenting hypoc ri sy of the 
judgment that the leaders of the 
count ry have pushed unto our prc~ ­
ident. 

Parent s should worry about the 
role models in this country. Chil -
dren everywhere arc learning that 
when you make a mistake, taking 
responsihly fo r your ac ti ons won' t 
help. They now know that the only 
way to improve themselves is to 
push respect aside and go for the 
jugular. They're learning that there 
is no such thing as "too far." 

Thanks, Ken. 
NicilOla.l· RUllco is lIllI'ay.l· riKh t. 

Always. Really. He '.I still eatinx his 
Cheerios alld is waiting fo r wlI/r 
gllarallleed/utile alit! weak (( /tempt 
to prol'e hilll IV /"OIIX. Write hilll 1I1 
nr@ucsd.edu. 

IS THE BIBLE 
PETERSON HALL 110 

7:)0 PM TUESDAY OCT 20TH 
Once a leader in "higher criticism" of the Bible, now a 
"modern giant" in Christian theology, Eta Linnemann is 
coming to UCSD to reaffirm Scriptural truth. She was 
once protege to Rudolf Bultmann and Ernest Fuchs, two 
of the world's most inflllential higher criticism theolo-
gians, and eventually succeeded Bultmann as chair at 
Philips University il1 Marburg, Germany; it was only 
after an intepse spiritual awakenil1g that Eta resigned 
from this prominent chair to take her position as an ac-
claimed lecturer on New Testament themes. Author of 
Historical Criticism of the Bible: Methodology or 
Ideology? and Is There a Synoptic Problem? 

SPONSORE::D BY INTERVARSITY AND 
CAMPUS CRUSADE FOR CHRIST 

Monday, Oc toher 19, 199K 

fantastic. 
un 

free. 

PICKUP A 

FREE COPY OF 
KAEGRO: 

DECEPTION II 
DEMO CD AT 

THE 

Guardian 
OFFICE, 

IF YOU ARE 
I NTERESTED IN 
REVIEWING THE 

LATEST 

PLAYSTATION 

GAMES 

CONTACT THE 

FEATURES 

OFFICE AT 

534-5226. 

HEY, ALL YOU 

HAVE TO DO IS 

SAY THANKS. 

I_If 

11"1 
CIH, 

The UCSD Guard ian 

You ARE 
INVITED! 

Student Center 
25th 

Birthday 

01:10/1.,,· 23rd lit noon 

al TIlt' Puh in Ih(' tud('nl C<'I\I( ' " 

Free Birthday Cake 
( .. h l lr /I 1 .. 1.) 

and 
G"lInd Op.oning of IIH' 

"TillH' & AgHin " 
l\1ulti'llt'diH Exhihit wilh 

25 yellrs of e'ampul! hi slC)('y, For 
illfol"null ion (~III 

534·8929, 

STUDENr CENfER 
25TH ANNIvERSARY 

EVENrS 
10/28/98 - 10/ 80/ 98 

FRIDAY. OcroBEIl 231lD. 12NQQN: 
FREE hirthday eak(' whilt' if lasts, 

FEATURES ' I 

FRIDAY OCTOBER 28RD - TH11RSPAY OCTOBER 291lL 
]QAM - 2PM 

Visil Uw Tinw & Again Exhihil lit TIlt' Pull III till' Shult" ll 
C('n( ' ,', Bl'in/l SOIl1('lhing to field 10 IIII' lillw eapMul(' ! 

MoNDAY. OC1VBER 26TIL 1lAM - IPM 
FREE lie' d ying III Ihr HUMPl Dip )'our eluds, Lil1lih'd 

FREE l·shi,'I!!_ 

WEDrID!DA¥. OcroBER 28m. llAM - 2PM 
Hc' nna Tnt/ooing! Slop hy 1111' HUMP and gl' l on~ fo,' $5! 

FRIDAY. OcToBER SOtH - CoNCERT -
51' 111 • 8rM • Th(' Unlouchlthlcs ill (:orll'c rl Itl IIII' tUII!'IlI 

Cl' nll'r, wilh KIt,'I Dcnson's Tiny Univ(' rs(', 
8r~1 • lAM· Cluh Puh will Ill' 0l)cn for dnndng, 8(,(',' fOl' 

(hosl' 21 YI' ars Itnd OV(','. Co-sl)On,;ort'" hy ASUCSO, 
HI I" ' f',, 11I brou,hl 10 .'TJIt b,"( " /,.,, if." C,,,t,.rtl & CC n 



I--------------~ --------I 

i 1 0 o/~t~Jt~~~!.~~!~~m~~~: i 
I Your all-in-one school solutions store: I 
I • Mail Box Services • Copies (Color, Black & White) I 
I • Notary Services • fax I 
I • Moving Supplies • Packing I 
III • Internationa l/Domestic Shipping I I I 
I : MAIL BOXES ETc. (619) 454-8488 (619) 454-4712 (fiX) I 
I 8070 La Jolla Shores Drive We shiP f ed Ex. UPS. and U.S.P.S. I 
------------------------

New York $210 
Orlando $367 
Atlanta $21 
Denver $1 

Washington $226 
Fares are RT. Do not include taxes. Restrictions apply. 

Are subject to change. 

1tItIJIIi ....... ~l1~ra~v~el __ ........... _ 
CIEE: Counci l on International 
Educational Exchange 
953 Garnet Ave., San Diego [619]-270-640 I 
743 Fourth Ave ., First Floor, San D iego [619]-544-9632 

www. counc; L t rave L _ com 

Thc UC,S)) .Ouardian 

MORSE: 
UCSD provides a 
great learning space 
Continued from page 11 
and you have to ask so many 
favors of peoplc. It \ fru~trating 
hccausc Iyoul want to be doing 
resean:h. and you can' t heca use 
you have to do these things [in 
order to havel funding, and that 's 
the sad part. 
What is the most rewarding 
aspect of your work? 

A~ a TA . of w ursc, it wou ld he 
when you can vis ihly see a ~ tuden t 
making a conn e~t ion th at they were 
not making. I [t i~ rewardi llg I i I' you 
can ~omehow make them see ~ome­
thing. or if you can give . some 
c nthu~ ias rn to the ~tudenb. A lot of 
thei r li fe i~ w ncerned with doin \! 
reall y well in schoo l hccau~c the r~ 
i , s[l(:h an ciliphasis on that. h\ 
ea~y to forget that what they' re 
learnin g might he really fun ur 
interest ing. You forget that when 
you arc only concerned ahoUl thc 
exam. Everyhody ha, thi s prohkm 
I think . 

The rewarding thing ahout 
re~ea rc h IS anytime you make even 
the ) lI1alle,t hreakthrough, It\ 
ex hilara tin g! It ·~ excell ent! 

Re~ea rch is M) fun l OK, ~o l11 etime, 
it \ ,0 fru,trating that you go a Inng 
period of t i mc ~ ithout lII ilking any 
ohviou, progrc". You cnu ld he 
Icallling ,()lIIething and making 
prugn:,s \\ 1Iholl t evcn reali/lIlg II. 

Wh en you finall y see the progress. 
it 's a gre:lI feeling . You work on 
.,omething M) hard, and then you 
have success, lillie mini-successe~ , 
i t 's great. 
How did you end up as a grad-
uate student In mathematics 
at UCSD? 

Ent irely by accident. IL was 
really an unusual circumstance, I 
think. I had come to Southern Ca l-
ifornia becausc [ ~ tudi ed Span ish 
as an undergraduate. I was teach-
ing English as a second language, 
jw,t for fun, in D.C., and [ ligured 
there would he more opportunitie s 
for that sort o f a thing in San 
Diego. 

Then [ took thi s co mputer 
graphics course usi ng Mathell1ati -
la. which is a cl:l,s I'm TAing 
ri ght now. I took thi ~ cour,e 
throllgh Uni versit y ex ten sion, for 
fUll . hecause I wa, inten.:stcd 111 
learning a hit ahout w mputcrs, 
and I randomly pick ed thi , 
course. I met Profcssor Garsia, 
who i~ now my ad v i~or. Even if 
you don ' t know anything , jus tli~ ­
tening to him make, you love 
math! Even if you don ' t know 
what hc i, say ing, which was 
uften the ca ~e whcre [ di dn' t 
under,tand th e math hc was talk-
ing about , hut Just how exc ited he 
was ahollt it make me think . 
"wow, I wa nt to he Ihat exciled'" 

I took t he co urse. And he 
~\()rk,> Icry cio,e ly "'lIh the ~ 1lI ­
dent'> , ,0 I met hilll there . I w..:nt 
to a,k hilll for a l<.:Itel of rct;O Ill -

. M OJlday, O~tober 19, 199.8 

I11cndation, becaus..: I decided to 
move hack to t h..: cast coas t. I 
guess I missed my family and I 
didn ' t know what I wa nted to do. 
A nd he just thought , "What arc 
you do ing going hack to the East 
Coas!')" So he helped me get into 
graduate school here. 
Where did you do your under-
graduate work? 

Virginia Tech. M y parent s li ve 
in Virgi nia, and in-~ t ilte school was 
the only opt ion. 
What were your goals as an 
undergraduate, and how have 
they changed over time? 

I don ' t rememher having goa ls 
as an undergraduate. It sounds hor-
rihle, hut as an undergraduate [ had 
no idea what [ wanted to do. I had 
such diverse interests. [ took one 
coursc in everything, because for-
tunately, I didn ' t have a fami ly that 
rressured me into picking one 
thing. My parents, hcing farmers, 
were ve ry supportive of me finding 
ou t what I liked . And so I took full 
ad vantage of' that. [ guess you 
(ould say Illy goal was just to get 
some id..:a of what I would be mo, t 

int crc~t..:d in pursuing. 
[ started my undergraduate work 

wh..: n I wa, 16: fin i ~ hed wh..:n I W,IS 
20. I t was four y..:a r,. For some 
pcople, t hey knew what t hey want -
ed at that age. But for lIle, 16 wa, 
prell y young. [didn ' t know. 

Now [ gucs,. in ~() IlI C sen\..: 11\ 
'llnilar. Now [ found so mething 
that I ,Jiv.,olutcl, lovc. hut that 

See MORSE, Page 17 

• • a 

ATH a ELECTRICAL ENGINEERING a.MECHANICAL ENGINEERING a BUSINESS ANALYSI 

When something is too extreme for words, it's to the Nth degree . And that's the 
leve l of technology you' ll experience at Raytheon. 

Raytheon ha s formed a new technological superpower - Raytheon Sys tems 
Company, composed of four major technological gionts : Roytheon Electronic 
Systems, Raytheon E-Systems , Itoytheon TI Systems and Hughes Airc raft . 
The new Roytheon Systems Company is driving technology to the limit. And 
we ' re looking for engineers who wont to push the envelope. Break new ground . 
Make their mark . 

At Raytheon, you.' '' take technology- and your career - to the highest possi ble 
level. You' " take ,t to. the Nth. We '" be vi si ting your campus soon . Contact your 
career placement offICe now to schedule an interview or check out our we bsite 
at www.royjobs .com. If you are unable to meet with us: please send your resume 
to: Raytheon Resume Processing Center, P.O. Box 660246 , MS -201 , Dallas. TX 75266 . 
We hove many exciting opportunities available and we would like to talk to you . 

MORSE: 
Mathematics seen as 
a man 's field 
Continued from page 16 
doesn ' t rule out the fact that I bave 
other interests - many other inter-
ests - and [ do spend time doing 
these things. I'm still interested in 
making sure that [ ' m stimulated, 
that [' m learning thin gs all the 
time. 
While there have been some 
extraordinary contributions 
made by women In math. 
matlcs, math has been a 
male-domlnated field ••• In 
the past, woman have been 
discouraged frOll'l entering. 
Have you been encouraged, 
or dlacouraged, in the pur-
suit of your Intered in 
math? 

The first tirne I can rcrn<;mher 
heing really discouraged was in 
high sc hool - purely my own 
experi ence in having had specific 
teachers. Some teachers were great. 
really encouraging. hut many were 
not - in particular, my ca lculus 
teacher. I rememher it was one of 
those things where if YOll didn ' t 
join the track tearn, because he was 
the track coach, then you weren ' t 
going to do well in math. Many 
womcn are less-inclined to contra-
dict authority, maybe. I don ' t know 
if that 's true. but it seems that 
women have a tendency 10 have a 
lower confidence level, and 10 he a 
little more timid to say no to those 
sort of things. So he could feel that 
he cou Id pressure her int o doing 
track to do well in math. and sht:: 
wouldn ' l say anything. But [ can 't 
say that wouldn ' t also happen to 

men. 

[n college, I didn ' t know any of 
my teachers, [ just went 10 class, 
and that was it. I didn 't have any 
interaction. I don't even remember 
if we had anything like sections. 
Here at UCSD, th ey bend over 
backwards to give students more 
personal attention. 
Who, if anyone h_ tried to 
steer you away from math. 
matlcs? 

Well . [ shouldn ' t answer thaI. 
How good of a place Is UCSD 
to be doing your type of 
r..earch? How good are the 
facilities? How good I. the 
faculty in your discipline? 

For my type of research, which 
is algebraic combinatorics, it' s a 
really exce llent place. We have a lot 
of people who do research related 
10 what I'm interested in ; we have ,I 
strong group of people working in 
comhinatorics. There are lots of 
seminars. there are lots of people 
around . And if you ever need any 
new ideas. there 's just rl cnty of 
people. 

The facilities at UCSD are 
great. We have excellent computer 
faciliti es. P..:rsonall y, much of my 
research is done on a computer, so 
thi s is great, certainly very help-
ful. 
Is UCSD a good place to be a 
female scholar? 

Is any place a good place 10 be a 
female scholar" It 's not just UCSD, 
it 's anywhere. How nice would it 
he i r we had no harassment? Fear 
of walking down the street" [ don' t 
like walking down the street and 
hav ing constant comments. 

Repea tedl y, I'll have some-
thing that [ feel is a lillie success, 
just to he told. "That 's only 

LgQk Who's CotftinQ to 

Itttert1ational 
Your Study .. Work .. rrav~ Abroad Fair 

0" Library Walk 
Friday, October 23, 10 .. 3 

Everyone W dcotlte 
SPONOred b~ 

the Prograttts Abroad Office (EAP IOAP) 
at the ItmmatioMI Carter· SH .. l1~ 

..... • " ,, ',' I ' t. 'I , 
The UCSD Guardian 

hecause you're a woman." Repeat -
edly. Repeatedly. [It isj the sad-
dest thing, just an immediate 
crusher. You ' ll give a talk , and 
people wi II be res ponsive, and 
then I ' ve had people say, " 1L 's just 
because you ' re a woman ." Thanks 
a lot for giv ing me zero credit , 
hasically. It hreaks Illy heart, to he 
honest. But what can you do '! 
That's the way it i s. I can ' t say it 's 
just at UCSD. hecausc I know it 's 
not. No.1 

Mon. Fri. & Sot. I 
'lam . ","' Even as a TA. mayhe mcn get it 

to, but there is nothing that irri tates 
me more then reading a TA eva lua-
tion where someone has made a 
com ment ahou t your ph ysica l 
appearance. It really irritates Ille. 
and I feel it's hecause I'm a 
woman. Maybe I'm wrong, and 
what can you do'! 

\les. Wt4.& ~I. 
'lam . .,..; 

ATTITUDES For oppointmentcoll ~eIol10n1y : Soo. tt ·S I 

.I"'IL __ ~_ 8'43 \ '.t~tI~k!':~ ~I~"~" CC/l[," _ ... ~.I~ Nellr MlOlc Food", & Sa .. -On J II \11\' .... "1'· ... 'II .... L 
Any advice for women con-
templating graduate work In 
mathematics? 

The 
EpLscopaL Sttu!ents' 

A ssocwtion 
Whether you are a member of 

[ love it. [ love doing graduate 
work in mathcmatics. [I' somehody 
thinks that they might love it, deli -
nitely, they should do ..:verything 
they can to do it. For the women: 
try to maintain se lf-conlidence -
you' ll need it. Everyone needs it. 
But if YOll don ' t have it. try r..:ally 
hard to develop i I. 

the Epi 'copa l Church of America, 
the world-wide Ang lican commu ni ty, 

another fait h, or simply curious, 
we invite you to join us for: 

In 2010, looking back, how 
will you feel about the time 
you spend at UCSD? 

No mailer what I'm doing, ['II 
reel that the time [ spent at U SD 
was the timc that dirccted 1m: to 
wherever I am in 20 10. This is the 
[lCriod, thi s is the only time in my 
life that I found something that I 
focused on and that I have pursued. 
Prohab ly wherever I am in the year 
20 10, it will have heen the resliit or 
my experience hen.:. 

lnforma.£ communion servi£e, 
ThoughtfuL ChrLsti.an riLscusswn , 

Free riLnner - pi,zza &1 other gootHes 
Student, Facul ty, & Staff Welcome 

Every Wednesday eve ning 

US-Sponsored Study Abroad Programs 
Academic Programs International (API) 
Academic Yea r Abroad 
ACCENT 
AHA 
American Institute for Foreign Study (AIFS) 
American Intercontinental University 
Arnerican Scandinavian Foundation of Los Angetes 
Austra learn, US Center for Australian Universities 
Beaver College Center fo~ Education Abroad 
Boston University International Programs 
Butler University Institute for Study Abroad 
Central College. OHice of International Programs 
Coast Community College District 
College Consortium for International Studies (CCIS) 
Gonzaga Universi ty 
Institute for Social &Inlernational Studies (IStS) 
Institute for the Int' I Education of Students (IES) 
International Studies Abroad (ISA) 
InterStudy 
LEXIA Exchange International 
Loyola Marymount UniverSity 
Parsons School of Design 
Saint Louis University 
School for Field Studies 
School for International Training (SIT) 
Semester at Sea 
Sierra tnstitute, UC Santa Cruz Extension 
Studio Arts Center International (SACI) 
Study Abroad- Italy 
SUNY- Brockport 
Syracuse University 
UC Berkeley Summer Sessi9ns 
UC Irvine Pembroke College Program . 
UCSD Extension 
University of Nevada, Las Vegas (UNLV) 
University of San Diego/Guadalajara 
University of San Diego/ lnt'l Business Programs 
VENUSA C.P.S.A. 
Waseda/Oregon Summer Japanese Program 
Worldwide Classroom 

5:00 p.m. to 6:30 p.m. 
Inte rn atio na l Student 

Cente r 

Overseas University Study Programs 
AmericanUniversity of Paris 
Franklin College Switzerland 
Hebrew University 01 Jerusalem 
Instilute for American Universities (IAU) 
La Escuals De Idiomas D'Amore 
Language Institute of Colima 
Tel Aviv University 
Trinity College Dublin 
Universidad de Belgrano 

Language & Culture Study Programs 
Center for Bilingual & Multicultural Studies 
EducAsian 
EXITO Latin American Travel 
Institute for Centrat American Developmental Studies 
(ICADS) 
Language and Travel Study Programs 

Work & Internship Programs 
AmeriSpan Unlimited 
Amigos de las Americas 
BUNAC/ Work in Britain 
Earthwatch 
Educational Programs Abroad (EPA) 
International Education Program (IEP) paid work abroad 
Japan Exchange & Teaching Program 
Sann Research Institue 
Third World Opportunities 
Visions in Action 

UCSD Organizations 
Education Abroad Program (EAP) 
International Club 
Ocean ids People-to-People, Bake Sale 
Opportunities Abroad Program (OAP) 

Travel Information 
Hostelling International 

POM't 1111 .. our Weekly Iti1Ima1fonal Cat. Lut10hII 
at1he 1edIr ...... C.llr.l1:SO .... .. LoJO '" far" tUO 



18 The UCSD Guard ian Monday, Octoher 19, 1998 Monday, October 19, 19IJ8 The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 19 

Tritons Run Away With Victory OVERTIME: Winning ways con-
tinue with OT win ROLLIN': Both mens and womens teams take first place in Division III in the Triton Invitational 
Continued from ... ge 24 

By Saul Sheridan 
Staff Writer 

UCSD has always had a repu-
tation for exce llence in Division 
III ath letics. 

Last year, Triton teams 

Once again , lead ing the charge 
for the Tritons was Josh Lev in-
Soler. Lev in- oler ran a team-best 
time of 26:02 to linish !irst among 
Di vision III competit ion and 17th 

overall. 
brought home national 
tit les In 
women's vo l-

"Josh had another fab-
u lous race for 
-=--=:?-~~-=--=-~ us," Assi sta n t 

leyball and 
women's soccer. 

There were also number 
of national contenders and 
postseason triumphs. This year 
shou Id be no di rferent. 

The cross country team looks 
like an early favorite to be Olle of 
UCSD's success stori es of the 
1998-99 seaso n. This weekend , 
the Tritons played host as they 
held the UC San Diego Triton 
In vit ational. 

Always an important test of 
the Trit on team, this eve nt 
proved to he one of the to ughest 
Tri ton Invitationals in recent 
memory. With teams like UCLA, 
USC, UC Irvine and a number of 
other tough Div ision II and III 
team s in att cndam:e, the Trit ons 
knew th ey were in for a test of 
their abilit ies and charactl:r. 

In spite of the tough competi-
ti on, the intense heat and the dusty 
conditions, when it was all over 
both the Triton men and women's 
teams fini shed a commanding first 
among Div i ~ ion III schoo ls, as 
well as overa ll eighth and seventh 
places respec ti ve ly. 

Head Coach 
Mick Gieskes said. 

"We had been working 
with him on hi s approach to 

the race, and he really executed it 
wdl." 

Coming in not far hehind 
Levin-Soler was j unior Mike 
Wangler, whose time of 27: 16 was 
good enough to eam him third 
among Di vis ion III competit ion 
and 53rd overall. 

"Thi s was a good tuneup for 
a lot of us." Wangler said. ·· It 
was espec ially good for me 
hel:au se I didn ' t have a lot of 
ex perience with th e co urse 
before thi s. Two miles into the 
race I was finall y ahle to estah-
Ii sh position and light off the 
competitio n." 

Gieskes said th at Wangler's 
run, as we ll as the performances 
of others, was hampered by the 
dry heat, which made conditions 
tlusty and the course very soft. 
T hese ohstac les make thc tea m's 
perfo rmance all the more impres-
sIve. 

The women 's team was equall y 
noteworthy Saturday, if not more 

p---------------------. 
·1 

$50FA 
COLOR CALENDAR 

Bring this coupon to the Kinko's tisted 
be low and receive $5 off a Deluxe 
12-month Flip Calenda r. 

8849 Villa La Jolla Dr., La Jolla 457·3775 
Offer good on Delullt 12· l1Iontli fhp ul.nd~r only. Offtt is li mited to OM coupon per WSiomer. (oupon must be 
prtsented . t time of pluchim .nc! is not v. lid with other offers or di scounts, Offel v,lid It time of pu rch' ~f only 
.nd Ny not bt discounted or crtdiled toward put 01 tutU!. purchuu. Offer v, tid It pi rticipning Kinko', kx. Uons 
only. Offer tICpim 12/31/ 98. ~1~8 !Cinko's. Inc. All rights l't$eMd. Kinko's is • ff9 llttrtd t~dtlNrk ri l inkl),s 
Venture s, Inc • • nc! is ustel by perminion. ICinko', rtqUil'tl written ptrmiuion froln the (opyright hot~ in order to 

::ny 'Opy~:; ~';~~rs • Ask about free pickup and delivery I EXP 121311181 
.. __ ... --------------

"this was a great 
meet, we had a lot 
of $upport, a lot of 
people stepped It 
up and took It up a 
notch." 

-- Rebecca Locken 
Sophomore Runner 

impressive. Bl azing the trail for 
the women was junior Meghan 
Scott, who not only dominat..:d her 
opponents with a time of 18:50, 
hut al so set a sc hool record for the 
course by 32 seconds. 

"Meghan was grea t 
ISaturday l:' Gieskes said. "She 
was aggressive at the start. fought 
for her spot and then kept it: ' 

SCOll also said that she was 
pleased with her perlormance. 

"I am rea lly satisfied with Illy 
race," Scott said. "1 was a litt le 
sick and the conditions of the race 
were tough. But, overall , I'd say it 
was my hest race of the season." 

Another impressive Triton was 
sophomore RebCcca Loc ken, who 
fin ished second hehind SCOl\ 
among di v;sion III competition 
with a time of 20:23 . 

"This was a great meet, we had 
a lot of sup port, a lot of people 
stepped it up ami took it up a 
notch," Locken said. " It was my 
ii rst timt: runni ng the course th is 
season. It was a tiring race. Tht: 

hill at the end of the race was rea l-
ly lOugh, but I wa' able to get 
through it." 

Coming up next for the Tri tons 
is the mo ·t imponant meet of the 
season thus far, the CCAA 
Conference Championships at UC 
Davis. The men look 10 surpri se a 
lot of teams in their division anti 
take the conference title away 
rrom the more ravo red UC Davis 
and Chico State. The women look 
to defend their championship title 
from last year. 

"Earlier in the season, we've 
heen heaten hy Davis, Chi co State 
and Dominguez Hills. But wilh 
thc improvements we'vc made thi s 
season, I'd say wc're ri ght there 
with them," Gieskes said. "We're 
excitctl and really looking forward 
to nex t week." 

The Triton runners also n:cog-
nize the importance of the UPCOIll-
i ng meet. 

"When we Illove up to 
Divis ion II we' lI have to beat 
teams like Davis ju t to go, to 
Nat ionals, so we should establi sh 
ourse lves as bei ng ahle of beating 
them now," Wangler said. "I want 
to help the learn whatever it takes, 
whether it means me running or 
not." 

Scott echoed Wangler's senti -
Im: nt : 

"Conli:rem:c wi II he tough," 
Scott saitl . "We did all right as a 
tL:alll thi s wL:ckend , hut we ' re 
capahlt: of more." 

an advantage to put together a seri -
ous scoring threat as the first over-
time period ended. 

When the second overtime 
·tanza began , both teams were 
fully aware that if the ~coring 
drought continued, the match 
would end in a frustrating draw. 

As tit as both teams were,even-
tually it was obvious that they were 
tiring. Annstrong had hrought in a 
hevy of players from his deep 
bench, and it was beginning to pay 
off as the Tritons began to work 
toward the game-winner. 

They cut it vcry dose. With ahout 
four minutes to play before lhe linal 
whistle, substitute Joshua Davis 
made a nice run down to the Stars' 
endline, He sent a cross hack into the 
18-yard box, and Funicello was 
charging it. He had been working 
very hard all match and was tightly 
marked as he went after the ball. 

But Funicello saw something 
that no one else on the Star defense 
saw: Song lurking dangerously 
behind the play. 

Funicello then ran over the hall, 
a spectacular dummy. Nearly e~ery 
Star defender bit on the fake, indud-
ing the keeper. Song then hit a beau-
tiful strike from ahaut 16 yards out ; 
the keeper hatl no chance. 

It was a Ihril1ing end to a great 
game, and the Tritons left the match 
sati slied with thei r perfonnance. 

" It was a great way to linish the 
game," Bernard sa id. 'This was a 
pretty important win for us." 

FIND 
Roommates 

Tickets 
Cars 
Bikes 
Deals 

UC~ ntor I ::> acu,~M ~am 
Rtntals 
Stereos 

Surfboards 
Auto Repair 

Sales 
Jobs 

Computtrs 
and more in 

The Guardian 
upstairs in the 

!Student Ce nter, 
above the 

General Store. 

WOVLP yov LIKE TO 'NOAA (LOSELY ~/TH A 
f>k.OFE.SSOk. IN yovk. MAJOk.? 

wOVLl> yOV LIKE. TO G-A/N vALv~ABLE kE.S£M(H 
£xf>Ik.I£N(E IN yovk. FlELl> .OF ITVTER.E5T? 

The Faculty Mentor Program offers 
research expirience to j uniors and seniors who 
want to prepare for graduate or professional 
school. You are eligible for the program if you 
have at least a 2.7 GPA and have an interest 
in research . 

Participate in the UC5D Faculty Mentor Program and you will: 

REGISTERED UNDERGRADS Conduct research with a Q faculty mentor at least _ - 10 hours per week for two c) Earn 8 unit s of 199 Independant Study credit (4 
units per quarter) 

DEADLINE 
OCTOBER 21 sf 

"COVER YOUR BOD" WITH 
SICKNESS AND 

ACCIDENT 
INSURANCE 

STUDENT PREMIUM $ 1 83.00 PER QUARTER 
ENROLLING NOW 
Information and applications are available at 

Student Health Service • 0039 • 534-2123 

. quarters (Winter and 
Spring 1998) 

n Lea rn how to write a research LJ proposal and paper 

c) Present your research at c) the Faculty Mentor Receive graduate , Program Research - ~chool an.d fellowship 
Symposium Informat ton 

10 apply, pick up an application at the Academic Enrichment 
Programs office at 411 University Center (east of t he Price Center). 
If you would like more i~formation, call Darlene Salmon at 534-5791. 
APPUCATION DEADLINE: FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1 HI 



.' 

20 CLASSIFIEDS The UCSD Guardian 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
I iii"'~: I #f., au 
*ROUND TRIP COURIER FARESi' 
London $349 Sing $300 Hong Kong $389 
Chilli $360 Sydney $580 &.ngIIok $370 

CLASSIFIEDS 
Classified Line 

Ad Rates 
Students: $3 per 20 words 

Faculty I Stsff: S4 per 20 words 
All others: $5 per 20 words 

Advance payment is required. "40-80% OFF ALL FARES" 
AIR COUR I ER I NTERNATIONAL 

1·800-298-1230 24 hr 
The UCSD Guardian reserves the right 10 classify, ed,t, delete olfensive words and 
phrases. and/or refuse any and all advertisemenls wilhout prior notification. The Advert,ser 
will not hold Ihe Guard,an liable for any claims resuliing from Ihe publication 01 Ihe 
advertisemenl. The publtsher w,lI also not be held accounlable for any claim from an 
agreement made between Ihe advertiser and the consumer. 

Classified Display 
Ad Rates 

Copy should be reviewed by the advertiser for errors. In order to be corrected in the next 
regular issue. all errors must be reported by the corresponding deadline. Credit Will only 
be given lor Ihe Incorrect portion 01 the advertisemenl. There are no refunds for cancellations. 
Pleeae .. nd all correl pond.nc_ regarding Clauilleds 10: 

S9.00 per column inch 
Deadlines: 

Publiulion.E..'.!.... Display Ads Line Ads 
UCSD Gu.rdlen, Al1n: CI .. sllledl, 9500 Gilman Drive '0316, La Jolla, CA 92093. 
AClual locallon: Sludenl Center A, Room 217. 

Monday 
Thursday 

Noon Thurs. 3 pm Thurs. 
Noon Mon. 3 pm Mon. 

PREPARING FOR 
MED SCHOOL 
Fri. Oct. 23, 2:30 pm 

Academic, extracurricular, and 
career planning for the 

medical profession. 
www~sc.ucsd.edu 

CAREER savlas CENTER 
534-4939 

FREE PERSONALS'" During Fall 

Quarter, students may place one 
personal ad of 20 words or less per 

issue. Just drop by the Guardian 'office 

in the Student Center above Soft 
Reserves and the General Store. (91 
22-1213) 

LOSE WEIGHT FASTI INCREDIBLE 

Way, #B207, Rancho Cucamonga, CA 
91 737. Samples availablel You have 
nothing to lose but fat! (10/19) 

Career Exploration 
Panels 
:i'/~'.L. ,.e.,_ 10/22 2:30 ~_ DOl. 10/27 2:30 Pr'" 10/30 2:30 
lilt Sildy , Prldi<eofl.w 11/5 2:30 
( ... s in Govtn.ent 11/11 2:30 
<-suiting (greerl 11/17 2:30 
Opt.dry: ~~rlKfice 11/13 2:30 
IIkiIg it in' 11 /1 6 2:30 
r ... Allroatl & ler- 11/18 2:30 
Non-lali C ... I for Iio Majors 11/19 2:30 
• Explore CDteel and gradualf study options. 
• PrintIs iIdudt pro/issianGIs , rid Sdrod 
;'1 d • ., .......... 

- . 
<II ". , 

..... ! • • 
trlr;' .... -. .. ' { 

FAT BURNING COOKI E! One per day Call dateline and meet people from 

revs up your metabolism! For details yourarea or anywhere intheUS!There 
send $1: Cookie Diet, 11 338 Kenyon IS someone out there just for you. Call 

- 2:11Dpm 
- 5101 Engineering Building 1 
-For: 

- Bioengineering 
- Bioengineering: Pre-Medical 
- Bioengineering: Biotechnology 
- All Pre-Bioenginesring MaJDJ'fI 

",f • 
~"~.. . 

(~f . 
, .. ' .. y 

, 

WOULD YOU LrKE TO BE A 

STUDENT RECENT? 
* Help establish policy in areas such as 

personnel , campus development, student 
fees, admissions, and financial aid . 

* All University fees and tuition are waived for 
the Student Regent during the academic 
year in which you serve. 

Application due in Chancellor's office 
12 Noon, Nov. 13,1998 

Applications available all over campus. For more 
information contact the Associated Students offices: 

534-4451 
www.ucop.edu/regents 

now ... (900)903-1212 Ext. 6717. $2.991 Caribbean). Ask us how! 517 -336-4228 
min . Must be 18 yrs . Serv-U 619/646· ext. C59761 . (9/28-1112) 
8434. (10/19) 

The Episcopal Student Association 
meets every Wednesday from 5:00p.m. 
to 6:30p.m. in the International Cenler 
Conference Room for communion, 
Christian discussion, and free dinner. 
Students, faculty. and staff welcome. 
(10119) 

THlCIrftIR Pol TIlE STUDy 
OP~_BmNIaTYAND 

m&B'MIIC SflJDIES 
DEPARTMBNT AT UCSD 

""'",: 
Karen Hossfeld 
of San Francisco lale University 

"Small, Foreign, and 
Female: Immigrant 
Women Workers in 

Silicon Valley" 
October 22, 1:30p.m. 

in Room SSB 103 

Must see TV? Screw that! Come to 
Quesllnternational Fair. October 23, 
Library Walk . Get off the couch! Study 
abroad! (10119) 

EMPLOYMENT 
INTERNET SALES INTERSHIPS-
EARN $$$ & GAIN VALUABLE 
BUSINESS EXPERIENCE selling 

learn Bartending 

619-296-0600 
$1500 weekly potential mailing our 
circulars. No experience Required. Free 
information packet. Call202-452-5901 . 
(10/1-26) 

$1 OOO's WEEKL VI! Stuff envelopes at 
home for $2.00 each plus bonuses. 
Work FIT or PIT. Make $800+ weekly, 
guaranteed! Free supplies . No 
experience necessary. For details, send 
one stamp to: N-34, 12021 Wilshire 
Blvd. Suite 552, Los Angeles, CA. 
90025. (1015-22) 

MEN- Ages 18-24, any race, for nude 
modeling. Call Anthony (61 g) 584-2243 
for interview. (10/12-11/2) 

INTERVIEWERS $7/HR 
Join the interesting world 01 marketing 

research, conducling telephone 
surveys and opinion polls. 

WE TRAIN NO SALES 
25 wpm TYPING (we test) 

AM & PM shillS • 7 days a week · FT or PT 
Apply ,. ~ MONDAY.FRIOAY 9am.4pm ptlson I 
-i-

:1;:r~~~N!i5S~IN3i!lR~ES;:E;:A~R~C='H$-· 
8593 Aero Drive, San Diego 
Bus 125 Slops here, 116 Slops nearby 

internet advertising in your local area. CHOCOLATE SHOP. FT/PT Sales 
Flexible hours! Excellenl advertising, associates. Creative, diverse work. 
sales, Public Relations. RESUME Very flexible hours . Apply A 
BOOSTER. Call College Directory CHOCOLATIER, Flower Hill Mall (1-5 
Publishing: 800-466-2221 x288. Visit and Via de la Valle, Del Mar) (619) 755-
our site at http ://www.campus 1600 (10112-22) 
directory.com (9/22-10126) FITNESS TRAINERS NEEDED. 
Cruise & Land-Tour Employment- Starting Pay $8Ihour. Call (760) 438-
Excellent earnings & benefits potential. 9591 . Sound knowledge in weight 
World Travel (Hawaii, Mexico , training and people skills required. (101 

§ DESIGN beCOOCSfuFF 
~In Southern California 
o 
C • Challenging Environment 

• Exciting R&D Projects 
Talented computer and electrical engineers should plan now to get acquainted 
with GORDIAN during our visft to your campus. 
Qeck IS Oyttod.y.t ~.gord ian . com • 
InIlftlted7 E ... I .. IOW: recruitOgofdian.com 

2Il1&1 lrYi .. Avw ... SIIQ AuHei ..... CA!2707 GORDIAN e 
---

M onday, October 19, 199!l 

12-26) 

. Wanted: Phys 2B tutor. I desperately 
need help and will pay $l 5/hr.1f qualified 
and interested call Neva @ 453-5912. 
(10/15·19) 

Job Interview Suit 
UCSD Guardian 

Display Classifieds 

Nutrition Science Student Sought. Busy 
Bird Rock couple seeks Bachelor or 
Master degree candidate in nutrition 
sciences to assist with planning and 
cooking meals. Additional odd jobs as 
needed. 5-10 hours plweek, $9.00 pi 
hour. 619-454-9427. (10/15-26) 

$18-$24 per hour avg. CRS now hiring 
inbound teleservices. 619460-9090 M-

Fri 8-5pm. Job Positions Flexible hrs 7 
days 7am-9pm. (10/1 9) 

ROOMMATES 
Roommate wanted to share condo in 
UTC area. S420Imo. + utilities. Call 
Kevin at 452-2236. (10/19-22) 

FOR RENT 

Nd t;rnt hsj XL·apt? 2-BR, 
2Ba, AC , Indry, Xlnt loc.? 
, Nd hlp wj abbrev? 

GUARDIAN Classified 
Display Ads 

ENCINITAS 3 bedroom 2 bath I -story 
home. $1595 incl. water & gardener. 
Fireplace, garage. No Pets. Agent (760) 
749-7876. (10115-19) 

Room in Clairmont. Garage parking, 
washer & dryer, cable, quiet area. No 

smoking. Have cats. $433.30 + 1/3 
utilities. 569-6227. (10/19) 

FOR SALE 

Let go of clutter ... pawn It off 
on somebody elsel 

GUARDIAN Classified 
Display Ads 

Used Power Macintosh Performa 6200 

CD. 14' Color Monitor. 12 RAM. 1.2 
GB, sys. 7.5. t, modem. mouse, 
keyboard. $650/0bo. 509-7970. (10/8-
t0/19) 

N64 with one controller $95. Additional 

MonJa . O\:lOhl.'r 19. 199X 

two $18 each. Games $25-30 each. 
Mike 315-4977. (10/19) 

PIAA 1 000 fog lamps In box looks new. 
Wiring never used. S80 o.b.o. Mike 
315-4977. (10/19) 

VV ANT E 0 

SEEKInG 
EGG DonORS 
If you are between the ages 01 

19 - 32 you could be the only hope 
for a loving couple to have the 

child they long lor. 
For more information, 

please call: 

CREAnIJE 
~ COnCEPTIOn. Inc. 

(9~9) ~88-2868 I 
OR (888) ~88-EGGS I 

COMPENSATION 
$3000.$3500 

PLUS TRAVEL EXPENSES 
BONUS FOR HIGH SATIGPA 

~~~~~~ 
~ WOMEN ~ 
~ BE AN ANGELI!! ~ 
~ DONATE EGGS! ~ 
~ If you are 21-28 years , ~ 
'V' healthy. bright 'V' 
~ and responsible ~ 
~ CALL STEPHANIE @ FFC ~ 
~ 1·800·939·6886 ~ 
~ All nationalities needed , ~ 
~ especially Asian ~ 
~ and Indian. ~ 

~ GENEROUS ~ 
~ COMPENSATION! ~ 

~~~~~~ 

If you are a healthy female 
between the ages of 19 and 30 

and have health insurance. 
Compensation $3,500. 

Call Mirna Navas at 

(310) 829-6782 
for more info . 

Jewish American subjects reimbursed 
for interview. II you are a UCSD student. 
21-25, call 552-8585 x4185 for more 

information. (9122-6/3) 

Volunteers paid $30.00 for interview. If 
you are entirely of Japanese or Korean 

descent, age 21-25. call 552-8585 
x2182. (9/22-1213) 

FEMALE HAIR MODELS (Especially 
Asian) our models have worked for 
Sebastian, Aveda, Paul Mitchell , 
Redken . Toni & Guy. Beginner's ok! 
Most ages ok! All heights ok! Great 
pay! Call "free" now! Otto (24-hours) 1-
800-959-9301 . (9122-10/2 9) 

Healthy volunteers ages 25-50 years 
old are needed to partiCipate In a study 
examining the effect of sound on the 
eyebhnk reflex at the UCSD Medical 
Center In Hillcrest. No medications. 
Intact hearing reqUired . Free shuttle 
transportation is available. Monetary 

compensation will be provided for 

eligible participants who complete the 
study. Call 543-2494 for information. 
(1015-10129) 

Full or Part-Time female care giver for 
Board & Care Facility. Must speak and 
write English . No experience 
necessary. Will train. Call 760-751 -
1601 . (10/19-11 ,12) 
Work on Campus! The Price & Student 
Centers have lots of job openings that 
are available immediately. JOin over 
150 other students and gain fun & 
valuable experience in the most 
happening centers on campus! Apply 
at EDNA or at Student Center Services. 
Or our website under "Employment" 
http://theunlversitycenters.ucsd.edu . 
(10119) 

Till.' UCSD Guardian 

SERVICES 

ADVANTASE SIDEDUT 
634-8904 

GENERAL CHEMISTRY PHYSICS 
ORGANIC CHEMISTRY GEOMETRY 
TRIGONOMETRY ALGEBRA 
ONE FEE - UNLIMITED HOURS 

A.D.o. \A is caused by a biochemical 
predispOSition and IS associated with 
depression, anxiety. PMS. poor school 
performance, work dissatisfaction and 
not working up to full potential. For a 
free screentng by an MD (G-44320) 
call the Attention Deficit Disorder Clinic 
at 619-485-6622. (9122-10/26) 

Speedy Research 
Reports: 56.00 per page. 

Over 50,000 topics & clippings. 
Materiats for research 
assistance use only! 

(,:;~(, lIull) " " lid H"" 
~ II" l1"or. H M 10') 

L,,, AII~~k,. CA l)(X)1X 
IJIIIII\ \!t lll· l n 1:1 ;41.IU1-f\ PII1 

" .lllIrtlJ~ \ II .1 111 ..J II III 
Custom Research Avallabl~ 

VlsalMC/Ame,Ex 
Calf today! 1·800-356·9001 

Traveling Thanksgiving. Winter, Spring 
Break?- plan now- save $. SpeCializing 
UCSD students, staff . Full service to 
1000 pm . 619-546-7831. CST 
202950240. (9/28-10/2 9) 

PSYCHOTHERAPY: Individual and 
couples therapy, in a supportive and 
caring environment, to help you deal 
wilh Personal. Family & School 
Pressures , Relalionshlp Issues , 
Depression, Loss. Anxiety. Pregnancy, 

dNb ~ OPEN l4 HOURS 
Cosio Verde Shopp,ng Cenfer • 8650 Genesee Ave . • 200 • LO Jolla/UTC • 457-9500 

1400 Com,no de 10 Reina · M,ss'on Vollev • 297-5900 

= ) 
GRADUATE SCHOOL OF 

INTERNATIONAL RELATIONS AND PACIFIC STUDIES 
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO 

Prepare yourself for the career opportunities of the future with a 
Master of Pacific Interna tional Affairs (M.P.l.A.) or joint 

Ph.D. programs in Politicat Science and tnternational Affairs and 
Economics and Intemational Affairs. 

The M.P.! A. and Ph.D. degrees focus on business and policy issues lacing 
the regions of the Pacific Rim especially the countries of Latin America, 

China, Japan, Korea, and Southeast Asia. 
Students have the opportunity to specialize in such fields as: 

International Management 
Comparative Public PoliCY 

International Relations 
Applied Economics 

International Technology Management 

For further information contact· 
Graduate School 01 tntemational Relations & Pacific Studies 

University of California, San Diego 
9500 Gilman Drive 

La Jolla, CA 92093-0520 
Phone: (619) 534-5914 - Fax (619) 534-1135 

Email: irps·apply@ucsd.edu 
World Wide Web site: http://www·lrps.ucsd.eduJ 

Self Esteem, Motivation, Career Issues, 
etc. Laurie Kolt, Ph.D., Psychologist 
(Lic#PSY8556), La Jolla 456-2005. (t 01 
15-19) 

(Olft. Rii out at 

~ 
-Your Study-Work-Travel 

Abroaa Fair . 
On Library Walk 

Friday, October 23, lOam· 3pm 

PERSONALS 
FREE PERSONALS!!! DUring Fall 

Quarter, students may place one 

personal ad of 20 words or less per 

Issue. Just drop by the Guardian office 

in the Student Center above Soft 

Reserves and the General Store. (91 
22-12/3) 

Ever sipped Guiness in an Irish Pub? 

There's more to life than La Jolla ... 

Quest International. Library Walk , 

October 23. (10/19) 

Should sixth college be located at the 

CLASSIFIEDS 21 

heart of our university? II so, where? 
Call me for a good time. (10/19) 

"It was pleasanl to share your table at 
Roma early last week. We should do it 
a 2nd time." (10/19) 

AnN: Atlanta Braves. You think that 
the six teams that have beaten you In 

the '90s were all "lucky" Maybe your 
lone world title In '95 was the luck. (101 
19) 

Want to hear the latest about George 
Steinbrenner? Neither do I. (10/19) 

Wild Oats Dept: The author of "The 
Horse Whlsperer" has split with the 
wife after 23 years. The trouble started 
when she found hay on hiS collar. (101 
19) 

feeling Clueless About Vour future? 
If you 're undeclared or unsure about what to do with your major, attend 
one or all of the following "ld_1IfJ r .. Cimr in ... " tfortshollS at the 
lesD Car"r Stll'ricII C",.,.. You'll learn vital facts about specific 
occupations, assess your values and skills. and determine what jobs are 
a good match for you . 

Identify Your Career In ... 
Business 
Tuhl'llY t Physinl SCillllS 
Arts Ii CllRmnintin 

BIt. 19 
1ct.20 
Ict. 21 
.... 2 
11111. 3 

2:30 - 4 
2:31 - 4 
2 -1:3' 
Z:II - C 
Z:31 - C 

life Seinn Ii 'nlt~ 
H.mn Imlns/ilcial SellielS 

HCSD Career Services Center • S34·31SD • www·csc.ucsd.edu 

UCSD Recycling and Ca1PIRG a r e 
orga nizing a sweat er drive to 
benefit the San Diego Rescue 

Mission. Donate your clean, use-
able sweaters and sweatshirts at 

\ 

the CalPIRG/ UCSD Recycling 
booth at the Price Center this 

Tuesday, W dn sday or Thursday. 

:For mor information: ... 
call Ext. 40919 ,~;, 

or Ext. 40844. "j ',,-

, 

.. 



22 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian Monday, October 19, 19':1~ 

Winning Streak Continues for Tritons 
DOMINANCE: Getting into championship form, UCSD has won four in a row and have outscored their opponents 23-2 
By Travis Hill 
Associate Sports Editor 

h-oh. It 's happening again. 
Aftcr the UCSD women's soc-

cer tcam fell to Azusa Pacilic 
University. 2-], on Sept. n. the 
Tritons were 1-2 in thei r last 
three games and 
delinitely did not 
have the look of 
champions. Then 
carne a players-
only team meeting and 
a few lineup changes from 
Head Coach Brian McManus. The 
result'! 

Uh-oh. It ·s happening again. 
The Tritons obliterated The 

Master's Co llege, 9-0, last Friday 
night. in their fourth straight win. 
During thi s streak thc Trilons 
oulscored their opponents. 23-2. 

Uh-oh. It 's happening again. 
What 's happening? McManus' 

lroops arc clearly roundi ng into 
form ; thc Trilons are beginning to 
ge l. The team 's chemistry is nOlice· 
ably improved - the freshmen 
know Ihei r roles. the veterans arc 
playing like leadcrs and thi s squad 
is beginning 10 lind ils identilY. 

Why the uh·oh? Thai would be 
Ihe senlimenls of the resl of the 
nation 's Division III women's soc· 
cer coaches, who are probably not 
100 exci ted to lind out that Ihc 
Tritons are beginning to look and 
play like champions again. 

Consider last Friday nighl 's 
malch al RIMAC's Trilon Soccer 
Stadium. The opponcnl was a hap-

les~ one: the 4- 12 Master's 
College. UCSD was supposed 10 
win. and it more than accomplished 
thai goa l in Ihe 9-0 deslruclion . But 
the beauty or thi s gamc was in the 

way Ihe Trilons won . Thc game 
exemplilicd thc way the 

Trilons of 199!l have heen 
winning all scason: 

total team ellort. 
Se ven d i fferen t 

Tritons nelled 
goals, induding a penalty 

kic.:k by Ihe starting goal. 
keeper, Jennifcr Hetland, who now 
has two goals on the season. 
Forward Christy Abizaid and mid-
fielder Laura Dooly had two goals 
apiece. Then comes the roll ca II of 
the rest of the scorers: Jessica 
Cordova, Katie Mau, Erika 
Alfredson and Melanic Gephart -
freshmen who are beginning to 
understand the nuanccs of 
McManus' 3-S-2 set. 

Then again , some in attendance 
Friday night might have pointed 
out that most senior of citizens 
could havc sliced through Ihe 
MUstang defense. But as poor as 
the Muslangs were. Ihe Tritons 
were equally as brilliant. 

The mosl impressive part wasn ' t 
jusl Ihe fact Ihat UCSD rang the 
bell nine times. it was how the 
goa ls were scored. CSD wasted 
no lime gelling on the board. with 
Dooly heading home the Iirst tally 
on a nice cross by Ahizaid in Ihe 
fourth minute of the match. 

After that . Ihc Mustangs man· 

aged to hold off U SD for awhile. 
In the 31 sl minute, howcver. 
Cordova scored her goal on anoth-
er perfcct cross from Abizaid. 
From there the Tritons cruised into 
halftimc with a comfortable two-
goa l lead. 

But two goa ls arc not by any 
mean!> in~lIrmountable . The Trilons 
ohviously recog ni zed Ihis and 
ca rne out liring in the sec.:ond hair. 
UCS D opencd with onc of the 
fastest, mosl demorali zi ng goals 
the fans on RIMAC lield ever seen. 

All it took for UCSD to score 
was four passes and 14 seconds. 
Ahizaid played the kickoff hack to 
mid fielder Angie Mann, who shot 
the ball to the Icft sidelinc to 
Gephart. Gephart hit a beautiful 
through ball to midlie lder Li/. 
Hughes, who took it into the 18-
ya rd hox , Ihen crossed il perfectly 
back to Ahizaid for the easy linish. 
The Mustangs ncver had a chancc. 

That goa l crushed thc Mustangs. 
They had no answers, and rarely 
crossed midlield into Triton terri lOry 
for the rest of the match. 

The Tritons proc.:eeded to sc.:orc 
six more goals. including a frame-
ratlling rocket from Mau on a cross 
from midlieiller Alison Hurley to 
make it 6-0 and effectively end the 
match. 

Alfredson's goa l was perhaps the 
pretti est of the night. It c.:ame in the 
77th minute. and CSD was still up 
6-0. The malch was over, so 

McManu~ tinkered wit h the lilll:up. 
Hc moved AlI'redson. a defend-

ChriS Sylvester/ Guardwn 
Mine!: Freshman midfielder Katie Mau races down a ball against 
The Master's College. UCSD won easily by a nine goal margin. 

er, to the outside midlield spot. 
Alfredson grabbed a loose ball 
ahout IS yards inside of the mid-
line, and took it down the sideline. 
She dribbled through three 
Mustang defenders and en lered the 
I H-yard box . Alfredson then cut 
ni ~e ly between twO more MUslang 
defenders to give herself a onc-on-
one with the keeper. She lini shed 
her spectacu lar run with the most 
emharras~ing maneuver of all , 5101-

ting the ball right between the 
keeper's legs. 

The exclamation point for the 
evening came when Hetland, the 
starting keeper, scored. McManus 
had moved her to forward during 
his lineup alterations, and Het land 
made him look like a genius. She 
drew a foul inside the I~ , and fin-
ishell it herself by pUlling home the 
penalty kick, although the Mustang 
keeper did get a hand on the ha ll. 

Cafl •• ,M fI WII'II C.«"ell«" 
._ef/~ g;~ @~ 

Howdy Folks! 
Ready for some darn good grub? Mosey on 

down to Plaza Cafe and corral yourself 
some home-style cookin" Pierre and I 

love the cowboy beans, corn bread, mashed 
potatoes and gravy, and fresh caNed roast 
beef. Yee-Hah! That'll satisfy the hungriest 

cowpoke's hearty appetite. Or, lasso yourself a whole rotisserie 
chicken and share it w ith your favorite ranch hands! Everything 
is piping hot off the fire and tastes just like mom used 
to make back on the range. 

Or for you folks lookin' for that 
international flare, Plaza Cafe's got barrels of 
chow from all over this here planet! They've 
got pizza pies, lotsa pasta, and a little somethin' 
they like to call a calzone. You can even rangle yourself 
up a plateful of stirfried veggies with all· the tasty fixin's~ 

And no meal would be complete w ithout a canteen 
full of lemonade or fresh brewed ice tea. Plaza Cafe has 

every tasty beverage to wet your whistle. Now, don't you 
go forgettin' dessert, like down home apple pie and that 

PlAZA 
!r 
CAfE 

fancy cheesecake from New York City. 
I'll bet the ranch you 'll love Plaza Cafe. 

Happy Trails, 
[jrf'lr/I(JII 

Interested in 
".,,, a .. d" ,,,. 

Meeti ng Today 
in RIMAe Green Room 

f!;A 

--~-----1 

Walk-ons Encouraged 

Monday. October 19, 1998 

INVITATION: 
Tritons place 2nd 10 
their tournament 
Continued from paCe 24 
would have none of il and rallied 
behind its team to keep UCSD in 
the hunt. After crucial kills from 
Bender. Noonan and freshma n 
Kathleen Hentz, the Tritons got 
back on top, taking the lirst game 
17-IS. 

Things didn ' t go well in game 
two. as UCSD fcll to an early 
deli cit. The women staged a come-
back and got to within three at 11 -
8, hut the DUlch were on a roll and 
eventually took the game. IS-Y . 

Like the lirst two games. game 
three was a hallic. The two teams 
fought back and forth , hut thc lide 
turned after Christine Kueneman 
set Hentz to a kill to Ihe outside. 
The momC:1tum had swung to 
UCSD. Outside hill er Katherine 
Brynjestad capitalized on the shift 
wi th a powerful serv ice ace. giving 
UCSD an I 1-7 leall. The Tritons 
conlinued to roll through the rest of 
the game. taking the win. IS·!l. 

Up IWO games to one after 
three. UCSD was in good shape for 
the upsel win. But the Dutch 
weren't really to fold. making for 
an exciting next match. 

Game four was a marathon. as 
each team put away the oppo-
nent s' kills for a barrage of side-
outs . The Tritons and the Dutch 
shared point after point , whidl 
eventually took the two tea ms lo a 
10-10 tie. But 10 points in game 
four wou ld he all the Dutc.:h cou ld 
manage. as the Triton defensc. 
back-boned by defensi ve special-
ist Jaime Hackleman and Leslie 
Punelli , heca me as st i ngy as 
Sc.:rooge. Art er Ihe 10- 10 li e. 
UCSD scored five unan swered 
points. winning the match and 
game four. IS- I O. 

Though the freshmen combo of 
Hentz and Jamie Woods put in 
some super kills. the seasoned vet· 
crans like Dana Salt er. B rynjestad. 
Noonan and Punelli he lped the 
Tritons over the top. 

" We llilln ' t playas well a~ we 
could havc. hut a win 's a' win," 
Mc.:Fariand said. 

UCSD opened Saturday after-
noon's game in the same fashion as 
it dosed on Friday night - with a 
win. On Saturday. the Tritons 
found themsel ves matched up 

Serving UCSO For 
Over 30 Years 

-CAMERAS 
-LENSES 

-CAMCORDERS 

- BINOCULARS 
-DARKROOM 

SUPPLIES 

459·7355 
7720 Fay Ave , La Jolla CA 
WINW.bobdaviscamera.com 

The UCSD Guardian 

Lisa Huff/Guardian 
Eat Thlal: All-Tournament selection Kathleen Hentz shows her 
opponents one of her patented running-sideways jump spikes. 
against Division III newcomer and 
regional ri val Cal State Hayward. 
UCSD had already faced Hayward 
twice thi s season . sp litting the 
series at one win apiece. And just 
as the Trilons did in their last 

mat ~hup against the Pi oneers, 
UCSD won in straight games, 16-
14. IS -9. 16-14. 

Though the win was no douht a 
team elfort. Punelli stood out on 
the Triton side. pUlling lip 13 ki lis. 
rack ing up 17 digs and deslroyi ng 
3 service aces . Kueneman also had 
another hig game, selling 47 
assists. 

With three wins in thrce games, 
UCSD was leading in the tourna· 
ment standings and was the only 
undefeated tcam going into 
Saturday night 's last malch. But 
Saturday night 's game was 10 be 
the most diJ'licult of all the lourna· 
ment 's ~hall en ges . The matchup 
against the Washington Universi ty 
Bears from St. Louis - the n. I 
ranked team in the nation - was 
also the Tritons' most anticipated 
game of the weekend. 

No matter how much anlicipa-
tion and exc.:i tement a leam can 
have, things don ' t always go the 
right way. Saturday night was onc 
of those i nstan~es. 

Though Ihc Tritons fought hard 
against an overly c nthusia~ li c 
Bears squad - quile possihly the 
onl y team ever to he more lired up 

for a single match than the Tritons 
- the women couldn't hold on and 
dropped their only loss of the tour-
ney in four gall1e~, IS· IO, IS- IO, 
14-16, IS-12. 

It seemed as if Ihe Tritons were 
worn out from the weekend's 
lengthy play. UCSD was flat in the 
first IWO games. and looked even 
more so compared to the elated 
Wa~hingt (1I1 side. 

But after a hrief sidel in.: chat 
and the arr iva l uf the Triton Pep 
Band. McFarland 's sq uad looked 
rej uvenated in game three. rall yi ng 
hack from a Y· 14 delicit , to an 
evenlual 16-14 win. 

"Game three was awesome," 
Bender said . "I thought we wcre 
going to pull la win] ofr. just like 
we did in the championships." 

But unfo!1unately, McFariand 's 
"blue-collared" workers couldn't 
continue to make magic. and werc 

. dropped in four games. 
Saturday night' s matchup was· 

n' t all a loss. however. The Tritons 
will use the Washington game as a 
Illeasure for the rest or the season. 

"We now know where we stand 
against the rest of the competition," 
McFarland said. "We will have to 
prac licc evcn harder than the olher 
teams pmcti c.:e." 

The Tritons will get to practice 
all week to prepare for their next 
malch, th is Friday, again ~t Vassar 

a llege at 7 p.m. at RIMA arena. 

SPORTS 23 

Sprechen Sie 
International Business? 

Pepperdine's international MBA program can 
make a world of difference in your career. 
• Participate in an innovative curriculum including 

intensive foreign language instruction (Spanish, 
French, or German) 

• Gain international work experience and study 
at a prestigious university abroad as well as in 
Malibu, California 

• Accumulate a portfolio of global business knowledge 
and experience to help you succeed in any industry 

Class sizes are limited, so call today. 

PEPPERDINE UNIVERSITY 
TH E G RAZIAD IO SCHOOL 

ot BU'lIll'" .1IlJ \1.1Il.1)!l'llll·nt 

1,800,726,9283, ext. 103 
http://bschool.pepperdine.edu 

BEAUTIFUL SMILES MADE HERE 

• White Fillings, Porcelain Crowns & 
Veneers, Bonding 

• Teeth Whitening in Just One Visit 
• Straighten Teeth with Clear 

Braces/Retainers 
• Oral Surgery, Root Canal Therapy, 

Periodontal Care 
• 24 Hour Emergency Care 
• Digital X-Rays - 90% less radiation! 
• Ask us about No Drills & No Needles! 

Complimentary Cosmetic and Orthodontic 
. Evaluation Using Video Imaging 

Please Call 622 -1 007 ~faS:sI~~~!:~:: 
r.-------------------i 
• Exam, Cleaning, & I 
: 2 Check-Up X-Rays : 
• R g $138 -oo.not:ipply to patients with insurance I e . ~ I*IO<Jental condItIons. . 
• ------------- ______ 1 

COSTA VERDE CENTER ,'In.ill Ct:IlL'~l'l' .\\'1: . SUlIl' :n:! 

-

• 

• 



~. 

24 SPORTS 

MIt .. _.~·, 
.80· ... ,..",.. 

, ...... , Wlftle.." 
",.",.., ..""" 

".",.,., YMII .. " 
" .",. WlltcMt· 

..... ..,IC.-II· 

Wild 
Claim 
John Maynard 
Surfing and 
Donkeys 

• ver since last Sunday, I've 
been wondering whether or not 
I did a great dl~service to surf-
ing. You sec, I spent all day, 
from Y a.m. to 4 p.m., out in the 
slop at La Jolla Shores teadling 
a bUI1l.: h of freshmen bow to 

~urr. 
If you've ever !\urfed, you'd 

know that there arc two really 
annoying thing!> about the sport : 
crowds and donkeys. 

- da Mascol 

The UCSD Guardian 

I f you ever go to Black 's 
(wh ich you ~houldn ' t unlest; 
y u know what you' re doing) or 
Shores on the weekend. you arc 
guaranteed - good surf or bad 
- to lind hundreds of beachgo-
ers (Jut in the water; and I sa 
beachgocrs on purposc. bccau,e 
there arc way too many people 
who daim that they surf, but 
only paddle ou t on the week-
ends. For this reason they arc 
beachgoers, or weekend war-
riors - not surfers. 

lisa Huff/Guardian 
Saved: Junior forward Cameron Adams holds off a Star defender and stretches for a ball in the 
Triton 's 1-0 double overtime thriller over Dominican University (ILl on Saturday night. 

Anyway, those weekend 
warriors paddle out on Saturday 
and unday. and ba.\jcally just 
gel in the way. 

Then there arc the donkeys 
- people who daim to know 
what they're doing , but arc real-
ly just ... DO K YS . 

They 're the kind of people 
who arc "sponsored" and surf 
Shores day in and day out. 
There is also another breed of 
donkeys who don ' t know any 
beller and just get in the way. 

Well . last Sunday, I con-
tributed to the chaos by int ro-
ducing 52 people to the act of 
surfing. And I felt bad about it 
- really bad. I felt like I ruined 
il for all the other surfers. 

But then I thought about how 
happy they were. I remembered 
how stoked they were to be out 
in the water, catching tiny lillie 
white water and try ing to stand 
up. 

By Travis Hili 
Associale Sporls Edllor 

What a game. 
It was a simple score: UCSD I, 

Dominican University (ILl O. But 
the score say~ nothing of the 
thrilling match these two squads 
treated the Triton faithful 10 last 
Saturday night. 

The 1-0 score docsn ' t show how 
wild this match really was. 

h doesn 't show t he fact that the 
game was a douhle-overtime nail-
biter, a mere four minutes from 
heing a scoreless draw. 

It doesn't show how much grit, 
determination and heart both teams 
played wi th for over 115 minutes 
of soccer. 

It doesn 't show how much thi s 
win meant to UCSD. 

The Tritons have now W0n three 
straight matches over tough 
schools si nce their heartbreaking 
loss to Cal Lu. Dominican came 
into La Jolla with an 11 -3 record, 
and was regarded as one of the bet-
ter squads in NAJA. 

But the Tritons have been play-

ing out~tanding , conlident ~occer 
during thi s stn:ak. and Saturday 
night wa~ more of the same. 

There alm()~t wasn't a 
Saturday night for UCSD 
Head Coach Derek 

wa~ se t early. and it continued 
throughout the match. Both squads 
recognized ve ry earl y on that they 

were go ing to have to kick , 
scralch and hite for every 

advantage they 
Armstrong. He is 
one of the t()ughe~t 
Tritons around, and 

cou ld gel. 
.""SOCCE R I When the first 

prior to this match he had 
heen hed-ridden with illness 
and missed the week 's pr<lc tice ses-
sions. There was con 'ern in the 
Triton locker room as to whether he 
wou Id make the game. The legend 
is that Armstrong has never missed 
a match. And on Saturday he added 
to hi s legend by gelling out of bed 
and making it to the game. 

Although he couldn't scream 
and yell as much as usual , his 
Tritons were plenty motivated by 
phis presence and the stiff competi-
tion they were facing . 

The Stars came out Ilying. They 
were fired up early and were tryi ng 
to put pressure on UCSD. But the 
Tritons responded to the challenge 
and fought back. The physical tone 

half ended, neither 
team had put together 
a scoring opportunity. 

There were a few chances, 
hut nothing seriolls. 

The second hal I' provided more of 
the same, hut UCSD slowly began to 
gain the edge. The Tritons were cre-
ating more chances and holding the 
ball longer than the Stars. They were 
by no means dominant, but it was 
apparent that the Tritons were play-
ing wi th confidence. 

The Triton defense was playing 
outstanding soccer, even without 
its leader, fifth-year senior sweeper 
John Brandon, who was under doc-
lor's orders to stay on the sidelines 
with a mild concussion. Jamie 
Lutton lilled in admirab ly for 
Brandon, and fellow defenders 

Monday, October 19, 1998 

UCSD beats 
Dominican 
tars 1-0 in 

double overtime 
Bret Munson and Tyler Thompson 
were just as so lid. 

Up front , the Tritons have bel.:n 
much more productive wi th the 
return of forwards Sean Salinas 
and Brady Bernard . Both have 
heen wonderfu l and have meant 
everything to the Triton offense. 
That duo , along with Anthony 
Funicello, Cameron Adams and 
Bryan Song were doggedly ball ling 
with the stingy Star defense. 

As the end of regulation 
approached, both teams picked up 
the pace a bit, trying desperately to 
get the game-wi nner before over-
time. Their effort were to no avail 
as the final whistle sounded and the 
go lden goal , sudden-death over-
time periods began. 

The first overtime period was 
more of the same - the doglight 
continued. Both teams were still 
scrapping for any kind of advan-
tage the could get. The Triton fans 
were still bellowing their support 
for every good Triton play. Alas, 
neither team could gain enough of 

See 9VERTIME, Page 19 

I thought about the Iirst time 
I paddled out and caught my 
Ii rst foam ride. I thought about 
how many people I made happy 
in one afternoon. 

Tritons Place 2nd in Invitational 
So it comes down to thi s: 

anyone can and should surf any-
where they want , as long as it 's 
not at Black's and ... 
EdifOrs Nute: 

If anyone lraJ any informa-
tion re~lIrdill~ tire disappear-
ance of Mr. l ulr.n Maynard, 
please e-mail at tire Guardian at 
guardian@ucsd.edu. 

We found tlris colullln Iw(f-
jiniJhed ill the Old Student 
Center witlr Irim nowlrere (() be 
found. All that 'J mis,\'ill~ is the 
Jllfjbuard and his beaclr IOwe/. 
Apparently, he Rot (()o excited 
about JUifinR and left without 
jini.fhinl(. 

Somebody 1(0 checlc Blach I 
hear it'J riding prell)' Rood 
toda '. 

PANCAKE: Triton teammates Leslie Punelli and Kathleen Hentz get All-Tournament honors 
By John Maynard 
Sports Edilor 

If thi s weekend's Triton· 
Invitational was to be a preview of 
the post season, then UCSD is in 
good shape - nol great shape, but 
good shape. 

Though UCSD Iinished second 
• out of seven teams and defeated 

Central College (lA l, the third 
ranked team in the nation, the 
Tritons still have thei r work cut out 
for them if they are planning a sec-
ond straight trip to the Final Four. 

This is not to say that UCSD 
didn ' t suck up and play like heroes 
- lhey did. The girls scrapped 
hard and stuck it out all weekend, 
overcoming their exhauslion with 

raw spirit. 
When UCSD was down, the 

Triton hench ra lli ed behind its 
teammates and pushed 
them over the top for the 
linal points. 

"We arc a 
blue -co ll ar 
team," Head Coach 
Duncan McFarland said. 
"Other teams are more skilled than 
us. We have to work that much 
harder for every point." 

In Friday afternoon 's 
Invitational opening game, UCSD 
fonunately didn't have to scrap for 
every point. The Triton took care 
of Nebraska Wesleyan with relative 
ease, bealing lhe midwestern learn 

in straight games, 15-4, 15-8, 15-4. 
Junior outside hitter Allison 

Bender, who has been quiet late-
ly, got back up to form to lead 

the Triton allack 
wi th 9 kills. 
Sophomore 
Shan n on 

Hawes also pitched in, 
racking up 8 kills. Bender 

and Hawes were busy on defense 
as well, pulling out 7 and 10 digs, 
respectively. 

The Tritons' short match on 
Friday afternoon proved to be ben-
eficial, a ' it allowed the girls 10 resl 
up and psyche up for one of their 
bigge t matche of lhe year again I 
the Central College (IA) Dutch. 

"We were so tired up for the 
Central match," middle blocker 
Shannon Noonan said. "We were 
so ready to play." 

Judging from their perfor-
mance, the Tritons were ready. 

The UCSD team opened up big 
agai nst the No.3 Dutch, taking the 
opening game out to a 14- 10 lead. 
However, after four consecutive 
hilling errors from the Triton side 
tied things up at 14- 14, UCSD 
came perilously close to dropping 
game one. Central gained momen-
tum after the UCSD errors. It 
looked like the Dutch were going 
10 cash in. 

Fortunately, lhe Triton bench 
See INVlTAnON, Page 23 


