
Elsewhere 
UCI Art Class 
Uncler Fire 
IRVINE - The UC Irvine 
Studio Arts Department has 
launched a fonnal review of 
materials shown and discussed 
by Professor Catherine Lord in 
a fall 1997 class she taught, 
entitled "Feminist Issues in 
Studio Arts." Junior Karen 
Logan , a studio arts Imuor, said 
that Lord displayed a series of 
slides depicting children as 
proponents and ac 'eptors of 
child molestation . Logan 
alleges that no warning was 
given to the class about the 
material - a violation of the 
university policy that requires 
professors to give fomlal warn-
ings as to the nature of the sub-
jects discussed in any class. 

- Th e New University 

Report Finds UC 
Police Too Rough 
BERKELEY - UC Berkeley 
offi cers acted indiscriminately 
and used excess ive force 
when they tried to end a tu-
dent protest at proul Hall 
las t year, accordi ng to docu-
ments prepared by a uni versi -
ty-retained attorney. The 
papers contradict an internal 
police review that concluded 
that officers acted appropri-
ately. More than 50 students 
took over Sproul Hall on 
April 28 to protest the pas-
sage of Proposition 209. 
Police officers formed a line 
across the main hallway in 
order to keep the crowd from 
advancing. The report sa id 
that several police actions, 
including cluhbing protesters 
on their backs and heads, vio-
lated department policy. 

- The /Jaily Californian 

JMV Psychiatrist 
Suspended 
HARR1SONB URG , Va.-
The Virginia Board of 
Medicine suspended Dr. Carl 
Showalter's medical license 
last week for prescribing 
masturbation therapy in seven 
ca. es from 1969 to 1988. 
Showalter, James Madison 
Uni vers ity's psychi atrist since 
1969, said in a statement 
re leased by hi s attorney that 
he "began using this fonn of 
treatment almost 30 years ago 
- based on certain case stud-
ies pub lished in scientific lit-
erature." I n some cases, 
Showalter alleged ly had 
patients masturbate during 
therapy sessions, according to 
a consent order signed by 
Showalter. The consent order 
said that Showalter has not 
prescribed masturbation ther-
apy for 10 years . 

- The Breeze 

Spoken ••• 
"All I wanted most was 
someone to blame. If I 
just hod a face, a person 
to identify all this rage I 
felt, I thought it would 
be better. But I couldn ~ 
blame anyone, so I 
blamed this God I heard 
about. " 

-:s~~r 
. 'AlDS patient 

Border Fight Headhunt Masterful ?:i 
The Sierra Club considers Should motorcylists Men s basketball 0 
entering the debate on U.S. be required to wear mastered Master s U) 
immigration policy. helmets on the road? College, 101-91. 1&1 

:::;) 
Features, page 9 Opinion, page 4 Sports, page 16 .... 

, H E U C 5 D 

UC SAN DIEGO TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 1998 VOLUME 93, ISSUE 13 

UCSD Celebrates Tribal Culture 
FESTIVAL: Alumnus 
Jeff Henderson returns 
as Regents' lecturer 
By Leena Shankar 
Associate News Editor 

In an attempt to bring together 
the campus community to learn 
about the culture and issues of 
Nati ve Americans, UCSD hosted 
an American Indian Cultural 
Celebration last week. 

Many events highlighted the 
week, including discussions and 

films on the gambling debate, sto-
rytelling and healing, and the lack 
of freedom of press fo r tribal news-
papers. 

The week 's events also induded 
the participation of San Diego's 12 
Indian reserva ti ons, 

On Wednesday evening, the 
mai n speaker of the week was Dr. 
Jeff Henderson, who having spent 
nine years as a student at UCSD, 
re turned to hi s alma mater as a 
Regents' lecturer. 

Henderson discussed hi s ro le as 
a doctor for the Native Americans 

Chasin the Wind 

in South Dakota and the fUIll;ti on of 
the medici ne wheel as a paradigm 
for the 21 st century. 

Henderson. a Lakota of the 
Cheyenne Ri ver Sioux Tribe located 
in nOllhwest South Dakota. graduat-
ed from Revelle ollege in 1985 and 
from the School of Medicine in 
1989. After completing hi s residency 
at the University of Washington, he 
moved to South Dakota as a physi-
cian at the Sioux San Indian Health 
Services Hospital. 

"I am very happy and honored to 
be back in the format of a Regents' 

Claire Schneider I Guardian 
Breeze: Children measure the wind as a part of the ·Wild Winter Weather" class held yesterday at 
the Birch Aquarium at Scripps. The class was intended to teach kids about weather patterns. 

UCSD Continues Outreach Plans 
FUlURE: Next step is 
the creation of 
C.R.E.A.T.E. council 
By Sula Kim 
Guardian Reporter 

Until the new Advisory Council 
of the Center for Research in 
Educational Equity, Assessment 
and Teaching Exce llence 
(C. R.E.A.T.E.) is created, the 
members of the existing Pre-
Planning Action Team will evalu-
ate existing outreach programs to 
better understand how these activ-
ities fit into future UCSD outreach 
effods . .. . . 

The Pre-Planning Action Team 
was appointed by Chancellor 
Robert Dynes in October after the 
K- 12 Outreach Task Force pre-
sented its report to the public in 
September. 

With faculty approval of the 
task force's report in October, cur-
rent efforts are being directed 
toward the establishment of 
C.R.E.A.T.E. 

C.R.E.A.T.E. will oversee the 
implantation of the five other com-
ponents of the task force 's report. 
One of the components is a model 
school. 

The ultimate goal of 
C.R.E:A.T.'E. is- to increase the 

number of educationally and 
socioeconomically underserved 
student eligible for the UC sys-
tem. 

Since October, the members of 
the Pre-Planning Action Team 
have been researching projects and 
working on the implementation of 
ideas. In January, Dynes appointed 
Edward Lopez as the new UCSD 
K- 12 Outreach Coordinator. 

Lopez said he hopes to improve 
and expand UCSD's involvement 
in primary and econdary educa-
tion. 

"I'm in the process of identify-
ing the existing programs and 

See Q:U1'REACH, Page 7 

lecturer," Henderson said. 
Randy Edmond, director of the 

Indian Resource Center in San 
Diego, introduced Henderson and 
presented him with a red blanket. 

"This is an honoring for an indi-
vidual that has come to [others]. We 
give gifts for their time and as a way 
to show respect," Edmond said. 

Dr. David Whitehorse, a profes-
sor at CSU San Marcos, also hon-
ored Henderson. 

"My heart is very happy to 
speak on behalf of Jeff." 

See DOCTOR, Page 3 

The New 
Indicator 
Registers 
STATUS: UCAB will 
sti ll conduct lottery to 
fill office 
By Erika Snider 
Staff Writer 

The New Indicator collective re-
registered as a student organization 
with the Student Organizations and 
Leadership Opportunities (SOLO) 
offi ce on Friday, a move which may 
allow its members to retain their 
office space in the Student Center. 

In recent weeks, the University 
Centers Advisory Board (UCAB), 
which is responsible for allocating 
space to student organizations in the 
Prke Center and the Student Center, 
has threatened to take away the New 
Indicator's office space because of 
its failure both to re-register and to 
produce an issue since last spring. 

According to UCAB Chair Joe 
Leventhal , the New Indicator's re-
registration does not guarantee that 
the collective will continue to hold 
onto its office space. This week, 
applications will be available for 
other student publications to apply 
for the space, and the New 
Indicator collective will be "wel-
come to reapply." 

Leventhal said that although he 
and Vice Chair Brian Cross have not 
set deadlines for the applications, 
publications will be allowed to sub-
mit applications in the coming 
weeks. Once all the applications are 
collected. UCAB's space committee 
will meet to decide which publica-
tion will receive the space. 

Nonnally, space is allocated to 
campus organizations each spring. 
and organizations move into their 
new spaces il\ Ihe lall. However, 

See IMMCATOII, PICe 7 



2 NEWS 

Sawyer Discusses 
Life With AIDS 
FORUM: Student says if not for religion, he would 
have already died of complications from AIDS 
By Kathryn. Lee 
Guardian Reporter 

Two years ago, doclors diag-
nosed Steve Sawyer wilh AIDS 
and lold him Ihal he had Ihree 10 
six monlhs 10 live. Despile his 
grim prognosis, Sawyer spoke 
last Thursday 10 a packed Warren 
Leclure Hall. 

") challenge anybody 10 exam-
ine my medical record and scien-
Ii fi cally try 10 lell 
me why J should 
be alive," Sawyer 
said. "From all sci-
entific reasons, ) 
should be dead." 

up to 365 and he had gained all 
his weight back . 

" I said, 'Whoa! this Jesus stuff 
really works,'" he sa id. 

However the future was still 
bleak for Sawyer. Although on 
Ihe outside he looked like a 
healthy teenage boy, his body was 
still coping with a debilitating 
infection. 

During his sophomore year in 
co llege, Sawyer 
gained an 
unhealthy 200 
pounds on his 

"You never go 
from having 
the HIV virus 

slight 5'7" fame. 
The excess weight 
was due to cirrho-
sis, which lefl his 
liver 80 percent 
scar ti ssue and 
unable to function 
properly. 

"That's when 
the doctors told me 
I had 3 to 6 months 
to live," Sawyer 
said. " Now, when I 
ask my doctor why 

to AIDS, It's 
always full-
blown AIDS, 
whatever full-
blown 

I'm still alive 
[without taking 
any kind of med-

By Ihe age of 
15, Sawyer had 
conlracled the 
HIV virus Ihrough 
a lainled blood 
Iran sf usion . 
Sawyer, who is a 
hemophiliac, has 
had to undergo 
periodi c blood 
Iransfusions since 
birlh . At the 
around the same 
time he conlracted 
HIV, he also con-
tracted Hepalitis A 
and B Ihrough 
co ntaminat ed 
blood transfu -

means." 
ication or receiv-
ing any treatment I 
he reaches down to - Steve Sawyer 

AIDS Patient the cross on my 
sions. neck and says, '1 don' t know 

··AIII wanled most was some- Steve, just keep doing that Jeslis 
one to blame, " Sawyer said. " If I 
jusl had a face, a person 10 idenli -
fy all thi s rage I felt, I thought it 
would be beller. But I couldn ' t 
blame anyone, so I blamed Ihis 
God I heard abou!." 

By the time Sawyer was a 
senior in high schoo l, he had been 
diagnosed with AIDS. 

" You never go from having Ihe 
HIV virus to AIDS, it' 's always 
full -blown AIDS, whatever full -
blown means," he said. 

The turning poinl, according 
to Sawyer, was when his T-cell 
count went down to a dangerous-
ly low 213. It was at thaI time he 
said he turned 10 prayer. 

"I said, 'God, if you help me 
oul on this one, I'll help you out 
on Ihe next one, '" Sawyertold the 
audience. 

According to Sawyer, Ihree 
weeks laler, his T-cell count went 

Errata: 

sluff. ' 
Sawyer allributed hi s 

extended life 10 hi s relationship 
with Jesus Christ , a theme he 
continually louched upon dur-
ing the nigh!. Hi s ex -roommate 
Brent introduced him to 
Christianity. 

"Now I see my AIDS as an 
disease that resulted from a world 
fallen foml God. Before I used to 
ask 'Why me? Why do I have 
AIDS?' Now I ask, 'Why me'! 
What did I do 10 deserve the priv-
ilege of speaking up here about 
the Lord Jesus Christ" '" Sawyer 
said. 

When asked if he was afraid of 
death, Sawyer said, "Nope, not 
afraid to die, not even a lillie bit." 

Sawyer's Thursday appear-
ance at UCSD was sponsored 
by the Campus Crusade for 
Christ. 

• In the Feb. 12 Guardian article, " Food Court Vendors Seek 
Price Increases," it w as stated thai pri ces at Espresso Roma w ere 
expected 10 grow by an unspec ified amount. 

Espresso Roma increased its prices during fall 1997 and a price 
increase at Ihis time is nol expecled. 

7he UCSD G_dllIn Is pOOilshed Mondays and Thursdays duri". tile ac:lldemlc 
year by ono 10' tile students 01 UCSD. ReproOUCllon 01 tills newspape' In any 
lorm. _he, In wnote 0' In part, wlIhoUl oermisslon Is strtctly prohlblted. 
01998. a" ril"ls 'ese'\IeO. Ttre UCSD Gu_an Is nol responsible for the ,etu,n 
ot unsofk:fted manusc~.,.s 01 art. The vtews b",elSed hereln do not necessarily 
represelll the optnlons of 7he UCSD GuMI1IlIn, the Vnl\lersfly of California or the 
Associlled Students. ~ UCSD Gu.9rc/I/JI1 Is funded lOfely by edYertlsl".. 
The 0'..,.' ono COOIIfes of tIIfJ -'" are cal"". out lor I'OU to I. them. 

The UCSD Guardian Tuesday, February 17, 1998 

ETCETERA .. ·. 

BRIEFLY ••• 

Expert to Speak on Nature 
David Lowenthal , an expert in both history and geog-

raphy, will speak on "Nature and Morality: 
Environmentalist Assumptions " on Feb. 23 at 3:30 p.m. 
in the Galbraith Conference Room at Muir College. 

Lowenthal is a Fulbright and Guggenheim fellow who 
has taught within the UC system, as well as at Vassar 
College, Harvard University and the Massachusetts 
Institute of Technology. 

Lowenthal is best known for his 1985 publication 
The Past is a Foreign Country. His latest publication The 
Heritage Crusade and the Spoils of History (Cambridge 
University Press) will be available in March 1998. 

Duberlls Ramos to Speak on 
latinos In Canada 

Duberlis Ramos, the execu-tive director of the 
Hispanic Development Council in Toronto, Canada, will 
deliver a lecture entitled ·Outreach, Capacity and 
Community Building: Latinos in Canada" tomorrow from 
noon to 1 p.m. at the Cross Cultural Center. 

Ramos' focuses on research, refugee policy and 
case management. and development management. 
Ramos ' has established links between agencies serv-
ing the Spanish-speaking community. the community 
itself and all levels of government. 

His volunteer experience includes serving on the 
advisory committee of Toronto's Healthy City Office and 
the board of the Cultural Celebration of the Spanish lan-
guage. He was recently appointed as community advi-
sor to the Metro Toronto Chief of Police. 

Speaker to Discuss Treatment of 
Korean ·Comfort Women' 

The Japanese Studies program. the Literature 
Department and the Visual Arts Department will spon-
sor a film and discussion OR the Japanese military 
enslavement of Korean · Comfort Women" today from 4 
p.m. to 8 p.m. in the Visual Arts Performance space. 

These films. which were produced by feminist 
Korean Director Pyon Young-je , have been widely dis-
cussed in Korea, Japan and the United States. Those 
who were closely involved in the films' production will 
speak about the current situation in Korea. 

Recycle Week Comes To UCSD 
With Events and Lectures 

This week, the Environmental Coalition at UCSD will 
sponsor a multitude of events to mark Recycle Week. 

Carolyn Chase will speak on · Why I Support Zero 
Waste " on Tuesday at 7 p.m. in Center Hall , Room 216. 

On Wednesday. members of the Environmental 
Coalition will show students from 11 a.m. to 2 p.m. 

In the Price Center how much of the trash they col-
lect in a day can be recycled Sierra Summit will also 
offer a special dinner option on Wednesday for Recycle 
Week. 

Jony Costello from the group I Love a Clean San Diego 
will speak on Thursday at 7 p.m. in Center Hall 216. 

The Recycling Olympics will take place from 11 a.m. 
to 2 p.m. in the Price Center on Friday. 

QlNEVIEVE COX. Fealures Edilor Dt:1I_R: l\ari Frtedman 
JESSICA ICHEPPMANN. AssoclBle Features Edilor 

MEGAN KLEIN , Opinion Ediror 
J"'YCA w.UACI. Associate Opinion Edilor 

TRAVIS HIll, Sporls Edilor 
JONAH NIiINION, Co-Associate Sports Edilor 

KEVIN MclAUQHUN, Co-AssoclBle Sports Editor 
tLONA FAIl, Co-Hiatus EC1iIor 

ICon YIUIIR, Co-Hiatus Editor 
CLAIRE ICHNEIOIR, PholO Editor 
BRENDAN CAItfLl, GT.".cs Edlror 

WALT DICKINSON, Desiln Edllor 
NICK RUNCO, Online Cd/ror 

COMI'IITIR IUI'I'ORT: Marcus lobbla 
ADVERTIIING AIIIITJUlT: Vllett. Alcat. 
ClRCUl.ATlOfI AIIIIT""": PhMlp Goldman. Sean Gross, rOOd Houston. Kevin 
Katan. Grea lItlle 
_TIlING R!l'RUlllTAT1YU: M<lrew Hon, 

ANN BAREFIELD, Business ManlJ/fler 
BROCK HALTER, AdwNtlslng ManB6er 

MIKE MARTINEZ, Mtlertislng ArI Director 
IOE "'N, Mtlertis irw Desltn & L/l)'OV! 

JOHN MRUIt, NMlrUslrw Deslif! & LII)'OUt 
CIIIWYL IASTO, Assistant Business Man.r 

TERRY UW. Cdltor In Cllief 
ION"" FREIDMAN. ~lIfNIIlrw Cdltor 

_ACE ...... Co-MllfNlllrw Ctlitor 
TABITHA 8RANSMAW. Copy Cditor 

JUIJA KWA~. C~ Ctlilor 
RYlUI OLION. ~ Cdltor 

EDmlllIAL AIIIITMT: Marc Comer. Christin. Schrenk. E~ka Snider 
_____ : BIll GIwIrmonn . t.IndsIry Hanfs. _y H ...... Jenny 

News/Features: 534-5226. General Editorial : 534-6581 
OpInion/Sports: 534-6582. Hiatus: 534-6583 
Mllertlslrc Ofllce: 534-3466. Fu: 534-7691 

&mail: • ...,d1enOucsd.edu 

. . LIIIIA IIIMUIl AuocIIfe ,."".. Editor 

NIchOlson. Seen RIIttmI. Clwts 5<_. Anna VIIs".,..,. 5t __ sn. Esther lbOn 
• ." WIIn'IIII: Rachel Bera. Jeff s.sSOIl. IIIre Cartos. P"", Dod&e. Jacob 
Gordon. Sorn Hen. _Ie J ...... __ KelI~Id. Aimee Meek.,. Am ... 
Mentnlrem. ~rt. Metlaln. Sara Moosavi. EMn Plrtna. eMSlln. Rhut!)'. llavtta 
_. Sara Snydef. Quyen Tu. S. J .... WypI. v.I..1 'IIIn& 
II.LIIITMTOII: * An&IuIo 
""'"*I' 1_ DIme ArIa •• ___ CIIIn. lIIIHvII. _ ~ ~ 

uelU.JIIirI!a~~~"', 'MoIndI;W~\~~ .. ... 

Guardian Online: http:/,www.ucsd.edu/auardlan/ 
UCSD Gu.rdl .... , 9&00 Gilman Drive 031.8, 

La JoIl., CA 92093-031.8 
. · _al ....... ___ . UCSO __ -.·A·. Arr>.211 

Tuesday, February 17, 1998 

DOCTOR: 
Henderson discusses 
medicine wheel 
Contlnu.d from page 1 
Whitehorse said. "The un iversit y 
honors him as a Regents ' lecturer, 
but those who know him honor him 
as a man who has bridged two cul-
tures .. . as a Lakota Illan and a Illan 
o f mainstream culture." 

Whitehorse presented 
Henderson with a dance siaff deco-
rated with a medicin..: wheel, four 
cagle feathers and a hawk at the 
end or the starf. 

"The dance slarf has some mili-
tary rea lit y, hut it is rea lly a sy mbol 
o f people aCl:epting the N ati ve 
Ameri can tradition as their own ," 
Whitehorse said. "Je ff has the fore-
sight of a hawk, so th..:re is a hawk 
at the end .... I will refer to him as 
Hawk Man ." 

Volcan mountain drum music 
preceded H enderson's lecture . Four 
Native American si ngers from the 
Viejas reservation performed North 
Dakotan songs to complement the 
lecture. 

UCSD School of Medicine 
Professor Emeritus Faustina Solis 
al 0 introduced Henderson. 

" What stands ou t most in this 
modest man is what is not sa id," 
SoilS said. " He is a man who is 

The UCSD Guardian 

going to explore the relati onship tine daily life ... our goals arc far 
between the spirituality of the med- from the center," Henderson con-
icine wheel and our roles as helpers tinued. 
in th is world ," Henderson said. As a physician who helps peo-

The circle is seen by some as a pie, Henderson believes that he can 
vi sual metaphor for the un i verse. help people make the jump from 

" Having neither "Life at the the black road to 
beginning nor end, the red road . 
[the circle) renects perfect center Is " I am an inter-
the eternal continu- like having a mediary to facili -
ity of life .... There tate a patient on 
isn' t anyt hing - perfect moment. the black road to 
thought, action - The fact that we pass onto the red 
that would fall out- road ... Ihe 
side the realm of don't have that prog ress is in 
Ihi s medicine awareness 24 sma ll sleps, and 
whee l, it 's that all- h there is no shortcut 
enco mpa ss in g." ours a day, around the Illedi -
Henderson sa id. seven days a cine wh ee l," 

One vision of week means H..:nderson said. 
the circle has a Hend ' r so n 's 
cross inscribed in il that we don't father and step-
,according to Black live In the center mother drove from 
Elk , one of the last Phoenix , Ari z. to 
great spiritual lead- of the medicine hear him speak. 
ers of the Lakota wheel." " I am very 
Sioux . T he vertical _ Jeff Henderson proud... it's my 
line is red and the lirst time hearing 
I . M.D. 10rfzontal line of him gi ving· thi s Regents ' Lecturer 
the cross is black . talk and he has 

" The black road represents 
worldly difficu Iti es. .. drinking , 
drugs, abuse, vio lence ... and the red 
road is the good road," Henderson 
said. "Everyone walks ei lher on the 
black road or the red road." 

Living life in the center 0 the 

encompassed some phi losoph ies 
Ihat we have talked about ," 
Henderson's father said. 

sought out not only 
in this country but 
in Canada. What 
he provides is not 
just academ ic 
know-how but 
leadership , com-
mitment and devo-
tion Ihal transcends 
knowledge. " 

"We can't live in 
that perfect 
moment because 
ofthe 

medicine wheel, at 
the point where the 
red road and the 
black road cross, is 
the ideal. 

"Life at the per-

Other members of the audience 
also felt Henderson's talk was 
interesting and beneficial. Anita 
Galvan, a sophomore al the Ci ty 
College of San Diego, agreed wilh 
Henderson's words. 

" He was a great speaker and 
I'm really happy to sec him doing 
so muc.:h for the people." Galvan 
sa id. " He is introducing Ihese 
ideas in a formal structure whi ch 
people can understand .. . ii 's rea ll y 
ni ce to see spiritualily. In the 
mainstream, spiritu ality is not 
obvioll s lit all ." 

exigencies of 
the normative 
standard of 
routine dally 
life... our goals 
are far from the 
center." 

fect center is like 
having a perfect 
moment , " 
Henderson said. 
"The fact thai we 
don'l have that 
awa reness 24 
hours a day, seven 
days a week means 
thai we don ' t live 

Barbara Harron, Warren 
Coll ege program coordi nator, 
along with fllany other UCSD Slarf 
members, organized th is event 
within the span of a month. 

H enderson 
started his talk 
with a description 
of the m edi cine 
wheel , an age-old , 
revered symbol in 
many cu ltures -
inc luding Native 
American cu Iture. 

- Jeff Henderson in the center of the "I thought the turnou t was 
excellent... lots of people from thl! 
public came," Harron said. "The 
community support is wonderful ... 
we feci like it caille olT very. well ." 

"Each one of us in this room is 
in a helping relationship ... we arc 

medicine wheel. 
" We can' t live in that perfect 

moment because or Ihe exigencies 
of the normati ve standard of rou-

Attention Guardian Editors: 
There will be asiaN meeting tonight in the palatial 

uardian offices tonight at 5:30 p.m. 

• Discount Travel Packs 

NEWS 3 

HELP WANTED 

BLUE SKY SOFTWARE 
The World-wide Leaders in Help-Authoring Tools 

PART-TIME RECEPTIONIST - Primary role 
is to answer a busy mUlti-line phone and 

greet visitors from 6:00 - 8:00 AM. 
Approximately 10-15 hours per week_ 
In addition to running the front office, 

you will assist with a variety of projects 
using MS Word and Excel. 

If you are upbeat, organized, 
reliable and can handle multiple tasks 

. at one time, we need you. 

Send resume & salary history to: 

BLUE SKY SOFTWARE 
Code: UC50-REC 

7777 Fay Avenue. Suite 201, La Jolla, 92037 
Fax : 551-1440 . Email : jobs@blue-sky .com 

Visit us on our web site at www.blue-sky.com 
No calls please. 

• Travel Books, Maps 
• All your Eurall Supplies! 
• Locks, Cable Locks, 

Sleep Shee~ PICk Towel, 
Teva Sport sandals 

Brown Eyes La Blue, Green, Hazel 
Rain Gear and 
all Acceasories. F RE E* ~e~R",~~,~~~!!t~~~S WJ Fresh Look Color Lenses. PI to 6.00. 

We're In PB lust up the 
.t ...... rom Coundl Tr"'ll 

.t 1555 G.mtt An DAILY WEAR EXTENDED WEAR DISPOSABLE LENSES 
483 ·1421 

OPEN 7 DAYS It WEEK $89** $99** $129** 
COMPLETE 2 PAIRS B&L FW COMPLETE 

"Att .petlol. ,nclud. le .. e •. exam • • yoco,o ~i l ond follow up viSIt Alhemallc lonl.' hlgh.r . 
Nol valid wilh any olh., offer Offer '_p"" 2/28/98 . 

ROBERT HELLER, 0.0. • STEVEN TAYMAN, 0.0. 
COSTA VERDEtENTER I FASHION VALLEY CENTER 

8650 GENESEE AVE. 51E. 220 NEAl Sm FIFTH AvtNUE (619)452·7374 I (619)295·0537 



4 OPINION The UCSD Guardian Tuesday. February 17, 1998 

PINI 

Motllrcyclisls should be able to choose the risks they lant til take - such as not rearing a helmet - rhile riding 
By Mark SmiUI 
Staff Writer 

I ride a motoreye it: and I am a Iirm helicver in my 
hdmet. I've spent a good three years at UCSD pouring 
stuff into my head, and I'll do everything I can to keep 
from pouring it back Ollt onto the strcet. 

On top of wearing my helmet, I've taken a riding 
course and spent time improving my riding ski li s on 
smaller bikes before buying my big one. 

II is clear that a responsible person should do these 
things to maintain hi s safety while riding. However. 
should a person be mandated to protect himse lf! 

There is lalk in the California Statc Legislaturc 
ahout repcaling and modifying the mandatory helmet 
law. In fa ct, there is more than talk - one such bill has 
already passed through the Assemhly (4 1-30) and now 
faces Senate approval and the John Hancock of Pete 
"Impeach Me" Wilsoll (who i~ unfortunate ly against 
the hi II ). 

Finally. It 's ahout timo:- th tate of alifornill rcal -
izes thai it should not govern every facet of its ci ti 7en " 
lives. It shou ld n )t he the responsibility of the ~tate to 
protect an indi idllal from lIitmclf if he is capahle of 
understanding the c() n~o:-quenccs oj' hi s action~ . 

() what o:-xa<.:t l is thi s hil),) Wcll , An 1412 state~ 
that motor<.:yc list~ I H and older, with proof of valid 
medical insurance. would he allowed to 1Ilake their 
own decisions regarding the li S!.: of a helmct while rid-
11lg it Illotorcyck. 

This bill IV uld let adult ci ti/ens make their wn 
Inforillcd decbion~ ahout their safel wh 'n they decide 
to get on a mot ore ele. 

We kt1IJW tha.t It i" be to look .b\Jth w~y .1 erOic .. 

crossing the street, yet there is no law governing such 
behavior. Why '! Because such a law would he ridicu-
lOllS. The only victim would be the perpetrator of thc 
cri me. 

We know that it 's not such a great idea to take ofT our 
pants and si t on a stove to check whcther it i on or off, 
but there is no law forbidding that activity either. Why'! 
Because the idiot who moons the stovc is the only one 
who is going to recl thc pain of hi s had decision. The 
state can't force its citizens to LIse common sense. 

Likewise Wilh the helmet law. If someone repeated-
ly gets on a motorcycle without his helmct on, he has 
the chance of incurring head trauma. He knows thi s 
and he knows that he has the chancc to injure himse lf 
while engagi ng in thi s hehavior. So who aro:- the victims 
if he breaks the law" It would be the person who made 
the decision not to wear the hdmct. The only victim is 
the villain. 

There arc somc misinformed opponents to modifi -
ca tion of the 1991 helmet law, who argue that there are 
more victims than ju~t thc rid er~ when they injure 
th mselves. They say that the rcal victims arc hospitals 
and taxpayers who end up footing the bill for the unin-
sured ridcrs. 

Well , may I rcmind thesc pcople that the new law 
would require proof of medi cal insurance before 
motorcyclists would be able 10 doff thcir caps. So, for 
the taxpayers who are unwilling to foot the bill for civil 
liberty, th is amendment to the law should satisfy them. 

To addrc s the is ue of clogging hospital ', helmet 
or nol, th o:- unforlunate rider who lind~ him~c1f cating 
pavemcnt will lind him~e lf in the ho pital an way. I 
guarantee that if a. rider was in an accident severc 

enough in which a helmet wou ld have been helpful , he 
most likely also broke his left arm , his right leg and put 
a nasty cut in his shoulder. 

Nobody tries to break their fall with their head. Our 
brother is still going to the hospilal. 

There are still others (insurance companies) who 
claim that with the new modilication , the insurance 
companies would be the vielims. I can' t tell you how 
sad I am for the in urance companie . 

You 've probably heard the argument by many 
politicians that helmets hinder vision while riding, and 
that riders should not be required to wear helmelS if 
they feel they cannot adequately see. You've probably 
also dismissed that argument as empty and ridiculous. 

Well , you're right - and wrong. Some helmets hin-
der vision, others don ' t. Why doesn 't every rider just 
go out and buy himself the helmet that doesn't get in 
the way of hi s eyesight? Because the type of helmet 
that allows such great vision is called an Arai and can 
cost anyw here from $400 to $600. 

ot every cycli st can afford such a great helmet and 
instead fools himself into thinking that he can see just 
as well out of another brand. 

Don ' t believe me'! Well , just go to a motorcycle 
store and look at the di stance the faec shield goes 
around the head. When you're looking ideways and 
turni ng your head to check your blind spot, you 'd be 
~l1rpri~cd just how much more clcar visor you wish you 
had . 

Helmets can hinder sight, and those who feel the 
ability to ~ee clearly whilc riding is more important 
than protecting their head hould be ahlc to ride with-

See HELMETS, Page 6 

Tuesday, February 17, 1998 The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

Voz FRONTERIZA UNJUSTLY PUNISHED 
Editor: 

On behalf of the staff at Voz 
Fron/ajza, we feel that the A.S. 
vice pre idem of finance and AS. 
commissioner of media com milled 
a grave injustice in unilaterally 
deciding the fate and historical 
continuity of our publication. 

Their decision to not fund Voz 
FrollTeriza fo r the winter quarter of 
1998 due to a press run of 23,000 
copies of the November issue was 
an ex treme penalty for the actions 
of our publication. 

We, at Va: Froll leri::.a , recog-
nize the fOll owing: I) that we did 
print out of our specifications, and 
2) that we will pay the amount of 
$82 owed to the A.S. for exceeding 
our printing allo<.:ation. 

Yet, in response to the " misap-
propriation of fund s," we would 
like to respond by first of all recog-
nizing that the Voz used the funding 
that was allocated to us by the AS . 
for printing, and therefore the paper 
did not misuse student funds. 

Secondly, that the changes to 
our speci fications, namely the 
printing of one issue for the fall 
quarter, was communicated to 
Valerie Grant , A.S. commissioner 
of media, prior to printing. Her 
response was, " [t 's your money, do 
what you want with it. " 

Finally, punishing publicat ions 
that are inten:s tcd in journalism is 
aga inst the inte re~ts of the uni versi-
ty community and th.: general com-
munity uf San Diego. 

Please understand that we wish 
to pri nt but hoth vice pres ident of 
fi nance and commiss ioner of media 

will not fund our work while there 
are more than enough funds to go 
around and which arc available. 

We would also like to point out 
that in the case that the A.S. 
decides to stand by thi s decision 
Voz Frollleriza recognizes the fol-
lowing: First of all, by not funding 
Voz Fror/teri~a, the A.S. is collabo-
rating again ·t the very existence of 
Voz, precisely beclluse as an "alter-
native media" publi cation our 
funding does not come from pri-
vate-interest advel1ising. 

Rather, funding comes from stu-
dent funds that are used to provide 
information for the students at 
UCSD and the community in g.:n-
era I. 

Secondly, the A.S. will illlerrupt 
the hi storica l continuity of a publi -
cation that has a 23-year history of 
journali sm struggling in defense of 
the Chieano-Mexicano peop le. 
Therefore, since the A.S. is in 
direct opposi ti on to the continuity 
of our publication, the AS. also is 
opposed to providing this service to 
the UCSD communi ty and the 
community in general. 

Thirdly, the A.S. supports the 
"punishment" of puhlications that 
wish to print vs. those "puhlica-
tions" that get funded and never 
print even one edition. 

The very a· t of a uni lateral deci-
sion to "puni,h" I/o;: Frollteri~(/ 
cumpromi,es the politil:al process 
of organi/ational respect and prin-
cipl d politi ca l wuggle, and repre-
sent s the highest cx press i n of 
politi<.:al opportunism and pral:tical 
chau ini sm. 

Ij HJ/I do// ' I 1.,,"'0 ' U.IA. . 
Will'l1 .1'01/ do. (/I~ .001""011" II 'I/() kllo ... s. PIIIIII/t'd Pllrellfllo()d. 

Tllr'.'· 11m',· 0111111' 1I//111 a .l . ''''CliI/II' 111<'.1' ~iI 'l' III" Inl.l . 
Prepare ,l'ollnl'lf P mll'O ,I'()lIr.w lf 

I ,'s WI/I rc.I/){)/I.,ihi/jo·, 2-117. 

, If f, " II 

Letters t~g Editor 
The Guardian welcomes letters from 
its readers. All letters must be no 
longer than three pages, typed, dou· 
ble-spaced and signed. Letters must 
also contain a phone number. We 
reserve the right to edit for length 
and clarity. Letters may be dropped 
off at the Guardian office on the 
second noor of the Old Student 
Center. Send all letters to: 

The Guardian 
Opmion Editor 

9500 Gilman Dr. 0316 
La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 

Fax: (619) 534-7691 
email: guardian@ucsd.edu 

We vielV th is type of action as 
di , re pectful and arrogant at best; it 
is comparahle to how an adult 
" puni she~" a child; to punish the 
child you take away their 
allowance. Wo:- refuse to he tro:-a to:-d 
ii, if we ar.: helplcs, childrcn. 

A morc re,ponsihlc resolution 
to any problcm the A.S. in genera I 
and the Media COI1J1I1i" loIH.:r, 
Valerie Grant and Vice President of 
Finance, Tony riori, in particular 
fo und in the daily operations of I/(}~ 
Froll'eri~<I could ha vc heen 
acll1evcd through open dialuguo:-
and se lf-c ri tici,m on hehalf of all 

concerned parties. 
After all, responsibility, leader-

ship, and dialogue are supposedl y 
principles under which the "demo-
crati cally" elected A.S. IIlUSt func-
tion. 

In closi ng, VIIZ Frollleriw 
would like point out that in ou r 23-
year hi story, this has not been the 
first time we have come under 
allack - and we do view thi s as an 
overt attack aOlI wi II treat it as 
SUCR. 

The ideals and principle which 
have carried Vo: Frollferi~a since 
its founding in 1975 existed prior to 
the election of thi s A.S. body into 
office and will continue to exist 
once this A.S. is only a footnqte in 
the hi story of this university. 

We hope that this simple lett er 
will be considered in any further 
discussi n that centers around the 
newspaper Vu~ Fmnteri~(/. 

Thank you for your time. 
Benjamin Prado 

Angelica Ramirez 
Editors-in-Chief 

Computer Troubles ' 
Plague Publication 
Editor: 

As tI principal m~ 1l1her of the 
New Illdicator <.:o llcl:!lve. who has 
hecn involved for almost four years 
now, I would like to take the oppor-
tunity to address Ihe al tiele, which 
have hcen written about our puhli -
cation in thl! last two week>. 

Speci lica ll y, it IS lflil': the New 
Illdicator collective fai led to re-
register for thc last twu quarters. 

Therefore, we are now being forced 
to go through a process to justify 
our continued use of the office 
space that we have occupied for at 
least the last 20 years. if nO! more. 

The Gllardian, however, has 
consistently failed to address why 
this occurred. Instead of investigat-
ing this, reporters have chosen tn 
portray our members as being irre-
sponsihle 

The primary reason why we 
have not been able to publish, or 
recruit and retain members, is 

. because the computer equipment 
used by the alternative media i in 
shambles. 

At the beginning of fall quarter, 
we returned to work at the 
Indicator ready to immediately lin-
ish the Disorielltalion Mar/llal, a 
major annual publicatiun, and start 
work on a new issue of the Last 
IlIdicaliJr. We had several newly 
rec ruited staff members ready to 
train and were very exci ted about 
the opportunities we had to inject 
new life into our puhlication. 

Unfortunately we found that the 
computer with all of our files on it 
w uld not be started, that thc ~can ~ 
ncr we use to input all of our graph-
ics was hroken and that the printer 
wa ' broken as we ll. We could not 
train our new rncmhers on the so It-
ware and we could not even begin 
to put out a publication. 

We immediately, and very 
emphatically, relayed these i~sues 
to Media olllllIi ssioner Valerie 
Grant. Media Advi~or Randy 
Woodard and all ot her pal1 ies we 

See LEnERS, Page 6 

Overseas Auto 80086 Mllamar Rd. 1S 

* f 1% nll'tJfoI 
Q frOfll 

Mi ramar Rd . 

SERVING UCSD FOR 17 YEARS ••• 
....... ~ ...... d. , .. Excel/ent references from satisfied customers! 

1 Minor Tune Up Brake Job Special ISpecial Reg. $80 
lOur tune up includes 8 lot more I Front or rear. Brake job Includes: 

than others. It Includes: 1 I t . InSlall Ironl pads 0( rear shoes _I 1 1. NEW SpaJ1< plugs 7. CheCk brakes 2 Drarn old brake flu id 
1 2 CheCk Dislnbulor po"nlS B. Check clUICh 13. Inspecl hydrauloc syslem • I 3. CheCk Dlslnbutor 9. CheCk loghlS 1 4. Rellil hydraulic flUId ~ ., • 

condensor 10. Check undercarroage 15. Bleed brake syslem • I 1 4. AdIUSI' liming lor damage 1 6. Adjusl Ironl (il shoes) and rear shoes 
1 5. Check and replenish II . Check cooling syslem 1 ~Road test .J all flUId and oil leve ls & hoses - - - - - - - -
L!A!:I=a::! _ .!!;=::. _.J FREE TOWING 
l3s.polnt-Major SerVice iV r=s~o;:.r.; 

:E~P,:,~~~~,ec/ cllrs. Our mil/or service Include,: Reg. $150 1 ~ChOaiinge 1 transmissable 
in ections. 
any_questions? 

Rl'dt'ClII Ih, \ (,HUpl'lll .11 )'UlII 1lt:~ 1 "PPOUlIIllCl1t lor IInc or Ihc'-C IIcm' 

• 'r~e Prc~n.mq Tc\llllg ' ("oun\Chn~ 
• 2 Dn/en Fn.'C Condom, • 2 MOnlh, Fn:c Blrlh COnlwl 

. IW, .. If 11 IV.\: HllC\1on~ 
h~ hl\k~ IJr .... nalll and ·\twll('" C"'l\.f~ 

mfr, tMkll,,,, fltll> ",)tltnl~ tlf'lh l:-" J'tft .. MlHf';1iI 

,. New spa" plugs 12 A<\u~ _ ang1e 2' l\be tronl !1Id 1 1 
1 2 New A. 10 !f 13. Mu~ carburetor 25 Oleck lor Dos. "", & bolls 1 & 3. N.w 0>1 II er 14 A<\usllr·l .. luelraIiOrTUlUl! 26 CIioC'Iog/1IS 1 20 o".nt 1 
14 Ch.nge eng<!! oj 15 Chock ,Ieenng 27 Check und.rc"nage fa damag< I -P 5 Ne.luell~!f 16 Chockckltch 28 Che<ka.dle<hi1l9<b.!n'~"_1 1 Safety Check 1 
I 6 ChIC' d>slnbulor JlO'lrs 17 A~u~ clJlch 29 Rot.l. 100. I' _I I 7 ChockrMlnbulorcondtnsor 18e "kbfak.. 30 ClioCkl" pressure 1 Spec".al 1 

8 ~relS>OI11"1 19 AdfJSIDr.les 31 l\bedOOrMqes I 9 Valv. adtus!menll/ ....... 1 20 A<\u'1!mer9<"'V bfak. 32 Ch"k . 11 holders I 
10 New "Iv. CO\Ier galktl 21 01". & lepienosh aU l1u~ .,,~ 3J Ch"kcoo1~g ,y,I,m I hoses 1 1 

I 1· ,.1 .. _ , 22. Chock aIId adjuSi uposedbels 34 Chec'"hau'lly,rem I 11 Adju.l llmong 23 Chock .ledrrc"lfuSf' 35 Road 1.,1 I 1 U 
I No": Extr. tor kylindtr. a..cylinCle't end pf8tlnum plug.. .J Ioo.i 
.... _------------~o:I:ClutchJ: 'DmI ry1min; hit 11 New pressure plale 4. New Prlot ~ I Special $79* 2. New Clulch Olsk 5. Change Iransmlssion OIl 1.:; 13. New Throwoul bearrng 6 Road lesl I - - - - -

N .... Hydraulic PO"' II. rIOt c •• ered. Nolf .. ,WD. Fro.. W'e do eXIt?nded warranly 
L;:whttl drin txt,.. .J 

- - - - - - - - 15,30, 45, 60,75, & 90K service 
'Most cars. Wllh IhlS ad Exptres 3/2/98 . 

Brand new parts. Ask 
about our speciats on 
engines. All our work has 
a 2-year or 20,()()().mite 
limited warranty. All prices 
Include perts and Ilbor. 

Rental car available. 
Monday-Friday, 7:30 am-6 pm. 

Open Saturday 



6 OPINION 

STUDY 
ABROAD 

Semester, Summer 
and Year Programs 

Spain • E"dor 
fro." • Mexico 
(os'a Rica • (~iI. 

SHOW US 
YOUR STUFFI 

GRADUATION SPEAI<ER AUDITIOtfS 
MOMDAY, fEr-RUARY 23, 1998 

CONTACT JILL IN 
THE DEAN'S OFFICE 

FOR MORE INFORMATION 
534-3587 

The UCSD Guardian 

LEnERS: 
Campus publication 
faces obstacles 
Continued from page 5 

What we found was that the 
A.S. (i .e .. Valerie Grant) had rai led 
to hirc someone to maintain the 
equipmenl. and that no othcr cam-
pus units fell any rcsponsibi lity 
toward this room. 

Despite our repeated requesls. 
and those of other alternat i vc 
media. this sit uation persisted for 
approximately three months. 
Within a few weeks we had lost all 
of our staff and were unab le to reg-
ister. 

In the last few weeks. we have 
managed to pull together a group of 
people who are very excited to see 
the New Illdica/or back on its feet. 
Although the equipment in the 
media room still has major prob-
lems which will make publishing 

HELMETS: 
Riders should be 
free to choose 
ContInued from page 4 
out one. 

What wou ld your parents say if 
you told them that you were going 
to buy a motorcycle? Probably the 
same thing Illy parents did . "Plea ·c. 
no. They're 100 dangerous. you arc 
going 10 die." That 's right. they are 
dange rous - and easy to park . 
cheap to maintain and run to ride, 
and mine gets over 60 mi les per 
gallon. 

The nest thing about my motor-
cycle. though. is that I can park it 

Few people will ever set (oot in on office Invaluable troining that could lead to on exciting coreer 
like this . But then. (ew people have what it tokes to in aviation. I( you 've got what it tokes to be a leader 
be a Morine Officer. Officer Candidates School o( Marines, you could get an office with a spectacular 
(OCS) is the (lrst step towards preparing you view. For more information call I-BOO-MARINES, 
(oro(u(Urebeyondanythingyaucouldimogine'~I_-!-~or ~anlOct us on the Internet 
At OCS you'lI develop the qualities you lrMl"UII:J!J at' http://www.Marines.com 
need to become a Morine Officer. llIr"llIr~llIr""" 

\;1 A I{ I '\ ,. () ,. , I ( . , . R 

WANT TO FLY? Come fly with us at the Marine Corps Flight Orientation Program. 
Monday, February 23rd and Tuesday, February 24th. You'll get an opportunity to learn 

more about our aviation programs and tour San Diego as you fly In our 
helicopter· FREEl Space is limited - Call now to reserve your seatl 

Marine Officer Selection Office, San Diego at 
(619) 294-2174. Or Email : mosssdo@ .ibm.bet. 

Tuesday. February 17. 1998 

the Disorienlarion Manual impos- . Grant refused to discuss budget 
sible. at least we can now scan and . issues with us until we were regis-
print. 

However. now that we have rec-
tified our personnel and equipment 
problems. we find ourse lves con-
fronted with a daunting wall of 
bureaucracy. This has made even 
the si mplest of tasks. such as turn-
ing in our registration . a major 
undertaking which has taken sever-
al weeks to complete. 

It is true that we have missed a 
number of deadlines . However. 
these deadlines were se t by the very 
same people who have repeatedly 
handed paperwork back to us for 
minor changes and then made 
themselves nearly impossible to get 
ahold of. 

In addition. we have been beset 
by catch-22·s. A typical example 
was a si lUation where Randy 
Woodard told us that we had to 
have a budget turned in before we 
were able to register. while Valerie 

just about anywhere on campus and 
never ever have to wait for a space. 
Ever. 

TIle point is. when a person 
thinks of a motorcycle. he on ly 
thinks "danger." And while it is true 
that motorcycles have a certain ele-
ment of danger. they also have pos-
itive points. too. 

Every per 'on can weigh out the 
pros and cons and make the deci -
sion to ride. People are smart 
enough to makc their own deci -
sions about what is too dangerous 
for t hem and what is not. 

Riding without a helmet is a vic-
timless crime - a very. very stupid 
victimless crime. yct vi ctimless it 
remains. Where will gove rnment 

tered. 
Atop of all this are the pressures 

of a number of organizations who 
have decided that they arc far more 
entitled to our office space than us. 

Of' course. we h:lYe responsibil -
ity for the situation as well. 
However. I am a ro urth-year engi -
neering st udent with abo ut 60 
hours of schoolwork a week and a 
job. and the other core member 
works 30 hours a week and is 
enroll ed in three classes - making 
appointments is very difficult in the 
bes t of circumstances. 

Because Valerie Grant does not 
choose to return our phone calls 
and Randy Woodard rarely seems 
to be ab le to find a mUlUall y conve-
ni enttime to meet liS. the deadlines 
they impose become impossible to 
make. 

Carl Lenox 

regulation on enforcing personal 
decisions regarding safety end? 

I don't know. but I will hate the 
day that I wake up and lind a ticket 
on my refrigerator for possession 
of real butter and bacon. So until 
then. we must fight for civil liberty 
even when it seems the liberty 
shouldn ' l be exercised . 

We must fight ror freedom, and 
we must fight Warren Housing. 

Mark SI/I;th would like 10 thallk 
you for IW/ hill;lIg him 01/ the mad 
alld rell/i/lds ),011 10 please , heck 
YOllr bli/ld spots for lIIotorcycles. 
!'tll/Illay e- Illail him witl! job offers, 
valen/i/le.\· or qllick I/Ole.l· of 
el1 ('OL/raRe /llellt 
masmith @ucsd.edu . 

AUTO 
SERVICE 

a t 

Quality & Service Guaranteed 
~ • MOST POPULAR 

OIlE :L~';;~::'CE CENTERS 
Honesty is Our # 1 Priority 
Complete auto repair, all makes and modefs 

European • Japanese • Domestic 
Approved leased vehicle service. ASE certified for: 
• ENGINE REPAIR AND PERFORMANCE DIAGNOSIS 
• A UTO TRANSMISSION/TRANSAXtE 
• MANUAL TRANSMISSION/CLUTCH 
• SUSPENSION AND STEERING 
• COMPLETE BRAKE JOBS 
• ELECTRICAL/ELECTRON IC SYSTEM S 
• HEATING AND AI R COND ITIONING 
• COMPLETE M AINTENANCE AND SCHEDULED SERVICES 

& more. Call for an appointment! 

-------, Mention ihis ad and receive a 
3S-PT. COMPLETE I 
TRAVEL & SAFETY I 
INSPECTION 
$65.00 value! FREE I 
-------..1 

Castrol MOlar Oil 

FREE 
TOWING 

Coli for detoi's 

r 5 minutes from UCSDf Toke La 10110 Village east, it Ivrns into Miramor! 

7998 MIRAMAR ROAD, SUITE B 
888-5-FIX CAR/566-7552 

Fmc 566·7553 • OI'fN 1 DAYS A wrEK • Mon.-Sot. 8;00 -6:30, Sun. 9-6 

HE l P WAN TED 

Tuesday. February 17. ) 998 

INDICATOR: 
Paper is now 
eligible for funding 
Continued from .... e 1 
UCAB decided to reallocate the 
New Indicator's office area early. 
Only campus publicat ions will be 
allowed to apply for the space. 

Whichever publication receives 
the office area will still be required (0 
reapply in the Spring in 1998-99 year. 

Not every organization will be 
able to recei ve an office. One factor 
in deciding where a campus organi-
zation wi II be housed is the recent 
activity of the group. 

According to Leventhal. the space 
commillee will request that A.S . 
Commissioner of Communications 
Valerie Grant give "informaltesti mo-
ny" on which campus publications 
arc still aClive. Leventhal said that 
this information will help the com-
mittee decide which publications will 
best use the space allocated to them. 

" /t·s not UCAS's role to try to 
make peopl e use the spa(;e." 
Leventhal said. "but we try to make 
it available ror all student orga niza-
ti ons to use it efficiently. 

"As a board. we have to allocate 
space as fairly as possible." he con-
tinued. 

This year. the New Indicator has 
yet to publish an is ue. However. 
one of the publication's members. 
Carl Lenox , wrote, in a leller to the 
ClIan/ian, that the group has been 
unable to publish because the com-
puter equipment made available 10 
its members by theA.S. council wa 
in unusable condition. 

"The primary reason why we 
.havc not been able to publish. or 
recruit or retain members. is 
because the computer eq uipment 
used by the alternative media is in 
shamble .... Lenox wrote. 

"We found that the I:olllputcr 

OUTREACH: 
UCSD has more 
than 70 programs 
Continued from page 1 
reviewing data information to help 
the campus beller understand 
which communitie\ we' re scrving. 
which famil y and stude nt~ we' re 
targeting and dirferent ways we 
pro vide support to K- 12 schools." 
Lopez aid. 

Lopez is a Iso the direc tor of stu -
denl affirmati ve acti on. 

Lopez is working to improve 
communicati on and cooperation 
among U SD's more than 70 exist-
ing outreach programs . hy coordi -
naling effurts between UCSD and 
K-12 schools in San Diego County. 

One erfort is a program called 
"New Beginnings." a collaboration 
between the UCSD medical school. 

with all our files on it could not be 
started. lhat the scanner we use to 
input all of our graphics was bro-
ken. and that the printer was broken 
as well." Lenox continued. 

Due to the inability to publish. 
Lenox said the group could not re-
regi ster with SOLO last fall 
because it lost members who could 
not be trained on the broken equip-
ment. Because some of the prob-
lems in the media room have been 
fixed and because the New 
Indicator has been able to recruit 
some new members. they were able 
to re-register last week. 

Lenox stated that he and mem-
bers of the New Indicator and 
other alternali ve publications com-
plained to Grant and Student 
Activities and Government 
Assistant Director Randy Woodard 
regarding the state of the media 
room. but that "no other campus 
unit s felt any responsibility 
towards the room." 

Additionally. Lenox wrote that 
he and his publication found a 
"daunting wall or bureaucracy" 
facing them when they tried to re-
register with SOLO. 

Lenox stated that a number of 
"catch-22 's" prevented them rrom 
reaching deadlines and meeting 
with Woodard and Grant regarding 
their situation . 

Grant was un availab le for com-
ment on Monday. 

According to New Indicalor 
member Michael Valenzuela. the 
p'lper is planning an issue for this 
quarter. as well as two issue and a 
magazine ror next quarter. 

In other student-government 
news. the A.S. Council passed a res-
ol ution on Friday to put a possible 
campus activity fee increase amend-
ment on the ballot in Apri I. The res-
olution passed with eighteen approv-
ing. three voting against and four 
abstentions. 

with the school s and the public. 
"We wallt to concentrate ( n par-

ti cular parts of town to betler pre-
pare the students of underrepre-
sented communities ror college 
hopefully," Mchan said. 

Mchan emph as ized the impor-
tance of programs like Partners at 
Learning (P.A.L. ). in which UCSD 
students tutor young student s rrom 
local schools. 

Communications Professor 
Michael Cole. who teaches the P.A. L. 
course to undergraduales. said slu-
dents benefit by leaming about child 
development and ahout themselves. 

"[ think that .R.E.A.T.E. will 
benefit U SD students. depending 
on how each department wi II inte-
grate the outreach activities into 
their curriculum." Cole said. 

Action Team Chair Peter 
Gourevitch. a professor at the 
Graduate School of Internationa l 

local community colleges and San Rela lions and Pacific Studies. said 
Diego schoo ls. The program pro- he fee ls th at outreach programs like 
vides a one-stop area for families to P.A.L. help enhance education and 
obtain information related to jobs. awareness for students. 
ed ucation and grants. "There are lots of things we can 

"An important goa l is incrcas- all do together. C.R.E.A.T.E. opens 
ing the numhcr of socioeconomi - opportunities for UCSD students to 
cally disadvantaged students who get involved. mentor students and 
become eligib le for and enroll at care about the community." 
UC campuses as .1 result or out - Gourevitch said. 
reach programs. which will help Gourevitch said that the big 
ensure diver ity throughout our challenge is the financial aspect. 
system." Lopez sa id. The UC Office of the President 

Sociology Professor Hugh provided planning money. but more 
Mehan . director of the UCSD funding is needed in order to make 
Teacher Education Program. said C.R.E.A.T.E. erfective. 
that by reviewing the independent When Chancellor Robert Dynes 
activities on campus and communi- announced the Pre-Planning Action 
ty centers. the Pre-Planning Action T~m he said that he is fundraising 
Team c,an then specify, whi~ h ones for the project and is \ecry optimistic 
work and can serve- ' a a· liaison· '. eOOut the Outcome of C.R.E.A.T.'I1 . . 

The UCSD Guardian NEWS 7 

NEW, 
EXCITING 

GOURMET SALADS 
_ ... ---., 

... ------ , 

Enjoy our fresh salads 
and baked pastries made 
daily on the premises. 

r --ReceiVe \ 
\ $1 off \ 
\ n~ salaD \ 
,a with thiS ad. , 
, Expires 2/26198- _.J , 

---
---I .----

......... -

Esppesso ROnla 
PRICE CENTER FOOD COURT 

Law&SocietYprogram 
Spring Quarter '98 Course Offerings 
New Courses: 
Linguistlcs/General105 - Law and Language 

Instructor: Sanford Schane 
Tu-Th, 12:45-2:05 p.m. Peterson Hall 102. Section 10#314412 
It ha been aid more than once that " the law i a profe sion of words ." Many 
of the problems about meaning that are of concern to language specialist. turn 
out to be of interest to lawyers a well. The course looks at the pr blems 
created by the use of ambiguou words, phrases and hearsay. For those 
interested in metapho~, the law i loaded with examples. A fair number of 
actual legal cases that illustrate the various linguistic notions will be examined. 
This course was offered years ago and has been reinstated becau e it is superb 
preparation for anyone contemplating law school. 

Sociology/C 159-Special Topics: Women and Crime 
Instructor: Stephen Lincoln 
Tu-Th, 5:30-6:50 p.m. Center Hall 1 01. Section 10#312753 
Female criminality has long been overshadowed by male criminality in terms 
of incidence, magnitude, seriousne ,research. and recognition. As a result, 
we know relatively little about the modern female criminal: her motivations, 
diversity, complexities, incarceration, and victims. Crimes such as violent or 
white-collar crime that once seemed almost off-limits to female offenders may 
in fact be much more repre entative of female criminal behavior than previou Iy 
believed. The reality i. that women ' and girls' crimes and delinquencie • 
imilar to male criminality, are heterogeneou in nature. Equally, female 

offenders are neither easily nor singularly characterized, but in fact are varied 
in dimension, age, race, ethnicity, background and their criminal behavior. 

Other Law .. Related Courses 
Communication/SF 139A 
Environmental Studies 110 
History US 151 
History US 153 
Philosoph, 12 
Philosoph, 163 
Philosophy 1 &8 
Political Science 4D 
Political Science 104F 
Soclology!C 141 
Urban Studies & Planning 123 

Law, Communication and Expression 
Environmental Law 
American Legal History Since 1865 
American Political Trials 
Logic and Decision Making 
Bio-Medical Ethics 
Philosophy of Law 
Introduction to Law and Society 
Constitutional Law Seminar 
Crime and Society 
Lana Use Planning 

InfonnatlDn: Call 534-1704 or stop lit the Uterat.,. a.lldll" ROllI 3237 
....... 



8 CALENDAR 

• Vii Alchemical: New DirKtlona In Conlempo-
rfJIyGllaa ~ will be on YiewJan. 101hraq, 
March 21 in the University An Gallery. The artisls 
willlec1ure on !heir work al 6:00 p.m. Jan. 10 in 
MandeYile Adal Hal. A reception will for the art-
ists lriIloilow from 7 10 9 p.m. in the gallery. 
• Artists. poets. writers 01 "fiction'l The deadime for 
submissions 10 the Wlnen College LIt"lry Ani 
Journal is February 17. Cal 5304·3068 for delalls or 
drop by Warren Writing (UC 410). SOfTy. Warren slu-
denls only. 
• The New Writing SeriH: Winter 1998 will presenl 

six conle~rary wrilers who will read from 
worfts beginning Jan. 28·March 4. AU 
be at 4:30 p.m. in !he Visual Arts Facility 
Space. They are tree and open to the 

A ademlc :,e~iY!<l~ 

• Looking for advice aboul 
Programs Abroad Office _ u _ __ -----'.-
students interested In studying 
Programs Abroad Office in the International 
or call 534· 11 23 to make an appointmenl. 

Health & Fitness 
• Condom Aw.reneas Week! Come Celebrale! Free 
samples-Look lor us on Ubrary Walk and Pnce Cen-
ter an week. Sponsored by Student Health Advocates 

01 <>11'9 
• Women: have you had an abnormal pap smear (cer-
vical dysplasia) recenlly? Be a part 01 culling edge 
UCSD research using nutrilion and lifestyle to treat 
this condition. Call the CAPRE coordinator for more 
info at 822-t I27. 
• Indlvidlull Fitne .. Assessment· al RIMAC every 
Mon & Wed, noon· I pm and 5·8pm. No appointment 
needed- walk in 10 the Wellness Room, 2nd lloor. A 
FREE sludenl selVice provided by Student Health 
Advocatesf Call 534-2419 lor more info! 
• Free Archery!! Come join the UCSD Archery 
Team· we provide instruction every Sal. Irom 11 am 
to 1 pm. behind Thorton HOSpital No experience or 
equipment necessary. For more in fo e-mail 
archery@ucsd.edu 
• Gel certified! CPR & First Aid training at Siudent 
Health by Red Cross Instructors. $10 each class + 
$10 for reference book- or all 3 for 5251 Sign up at 
SHS Health Ed 2nd Floor! 
• Gel Publishedl Health Beat Is a Student publica-
tion focusing in heaHh issues. Articles now being 
aocepted- contact by email: avaisman@ucsd.edu 
• Free Nutrhlon Counseling @ Student Health. In-
cludes computerized assessment! By appointment 
only! Call 534-8089. 
• Student HeaHh Advocates provide Peer Educ.tion 
Programs on Nutrillon, HIV, Fitness, Siress & other 
topics at your res hall or studenl org meelings! Call 
534-24 t 9 lor more inlo on these free programs!! 
• Free anonymous HlV lesting at Siudent Hea~h · 
walk In to sign up at the Heakh Annex, first lloor. 
Ouestions? Call 534-3874. 
• Sludent He.lth is here for youl We're a full ser· 
vice clinic open to ALL regislered students. You don't 
need health insurance to use our selVices! Appoint-
ments for physician vishs and specialty clinics· call 
534-8089. Walk in to Urgent Care weekdays 8am -
4:30pm (Wed 9-4:3Opm). 
• Emergency Contraception. annual exams, STD 
tesfs, pregnancy tests. birth conliol prescriptions, & 
health education - all at Women's CliniC, Student 
Heakh. Call 534-8089 for appt. Complelely Confi-
dentill-always! 
• Don't go in the ocean!!! At least. not unlll you've 
had your Hepal~ls A 1Il0lsi If you surf or swim in 
lI1e ocean, consider immunizations to protect your 
health. Two shots- 6 months apan- 550 each. Walk 
in to Student Health M-F 8-11am; Wed 9·11am. 
• Free Cholesterol testing at Student Healthl Sign 
up at the lirstlloor bulletin board lor your appoint· 
menl. 
• Low Cost Pharmacy-Over the counter ilams (cold 
medicines, antacids, bandaids, vitamins, skin care 
p!oducts, sunscreen , contraceptive products, con· 
tact lens products, etc.) all at discount prices! Open 
M·F Sam·4:3Opm; Wed 9am-4:3Opm. 

cans during WWII. We will have guest speakers, a 
panel discussion and refreshments from 7·10. 

• Inleresl Well. come and loin the 
Table Tennis association at RIMAC, activity Room N 
1 every Wednesday from 7 -tl pim. The fee is $51 
quarter. AJl levels are welcome. See ya allll1erel 
• Wrile a Letter ... Save a Life. Come join Amnesty 
Intemabonal, a human rights organizat ion dedicated 
to freeing 'prisoners of conscience' - those people 
who are impllsoned solely on the baSIS of thier 
ethnicrty, religion, sexual orientation, or non·violent 
expression of th eir beliels. We meet Wednesdays, 
6.3Opm In the Women's Center (This is the building 
behind the Bursar's OHicel) 

eligious Services 
l d.l' F' I f 7 

• Orthodo~ Christian Fellowship weekty 
diSCUSSion group. Come and diSCUSS the 
histonc Christian faith! Center Hall 202 
Info: Chllstopher 658-0956, 
ocf@ucsd.edu 

Tt 
• PRIMETIME with Campus Crusade for 
Christl Come learn about God while making 
new Iriends. It's at Center 115 at 8:30pm. 

~t Iro y, Fe' r ry.l 
• Orthodox Christian Fellowship presents "The 
Role 01 Saints in Our Life.·-seminar with Fr. Nicho-
las Soraich. At Eastgate Community Church, room 
11 . Inlo:Christopher 658·0956, ocf@ucsd.edu 

Or ~in~ 
• The Muslim Student Association 
holds Friday prayers every week in 
Cross Cullural Center Center from 
1-2 p.m. Everyone is welcome. For 
more Info, contact Ahmad @ 538-
1392. (216-13) 
·lnterV.rsity Christian Fellow-
ship· Come develop your 
realationship with God at our 
weekly meetings on Thursdays. 
Revelle and Muir meel at GH 
1118 at 7p.m. and Marshall, War-
ren and ERC meet at WLH 2005 
at 7:30p.m. For more info call 
Jeff at 558·8279. 
• Calholic Mass· Join us for a 
lively and faith ·filled celeibration 
of Word and Eucharistl At Uni-
versky Lutheran Church, 9595 
La Jolla Shores Drive (SW cor-
ner of N. Torrey Pines Rd & La 
Jolla Shores Dr. - Across from 
Revelle campus.). Every Sunday 
at 8: 15am, 5,7 and 9pm. 
• Cllholic M ... · A shorter, more 
rellectlve celeibration than on Sun-
day. At University Lutheran 
Church, 9595 La Jolla ShOles Dnve 
(SW corner of N. Torrey Pines Rd. & La 
Jolla Shores Dr.-Across from Revelle cam-
pus.). Every Tuesday and Thursday·Feib. 
t7, 19,24,26 March 3,5,10,12,17,19 at Spm. 
• Candlelight Mass- A reflective and meditative Clubs & Meetings Catholic celebration at midweek. At University 
Luther.n Church, 9595 La Jolla Shores Drive (SW 

Wednelday, February 18 • corner 01 N. Torrey Pines Rd. & La Jola Shores Dr.· 
• UCSD Pre-Denlll Society invites you to join in an Across from Revelle campus.). Every Wednesday 
inlormal presentation on Pe<iatric Dentistry from Dr. at 9:30 pm unt~ March 18. 
Lori Good at7pm in Santa Barbara/Los Angeles (PC) • Thursday Student Oinner- Join the Catholic Stu. 

ThurSday, February 19 
• AttI!liOUI Stud"s Club 'Role 01 Women in ReIi· 
rjon" j5ane1 of Speal\ers from <ifferent religions. Solis 
104 at 7:30 Refreshments 

dent Community's weeldy gathering. Good food, 
good company, lively conversation. Only $2, At Unl· 
""lty Lutheran Church, 9595 La Jolla Shores 
Drive (SW comer 01 N. Torrey Pines Rd. & La Jolla 

• NSU Night of "-"brance. PC Gallery MB. Shores Dr.' Across 110m ReveIe campus.). Every 
Come leam abouI!he internment of Japanese Amen- Thursdlyat &pm until March 19. 

'. , . 

, '[-'-' .' •• '-1 _r......, .... . • _< _t • • _,. .....,....,.. 

The UCSD Guardian 

Services & Workshops 
Tue day, February 17 

• Graduale Study .nd Car",s in Yenlal HeaHh: 
Meet a panel of distinguished lacutty from SDSU's 
graduate school programs in social work and school 
psychology. 2:30 pm in MP room at CSC. 534-4939. 

W rL II 
• Self-Esteem: The session will explore how posi. 

self-esteem is a learned process. @ PC Gallery 
3·4pm. For more Info call 534-0501 . 

in Deni.IIII" LGBTA Drag Show- a hilari· 
review with all your favorite Drag 
I appearances by Roseanne and Boy 

dragqueen 01 Slar 100.7 FM. 9pm 
FREE, all welcome. Inlo:534·gays. 

NOrl-II_!mic Careers for Science & Techni· 
01 distinguished profession· 

CONNECT, Acadia Pharma-
suggestions for linding a job 

nnn_,rton," setting. 2:3()'4pm in MP room at 

• Englneenng Graduate School Opportunities: 
Are you-a mechanical, structural or chemical engi-
nee/lnJllnajor thinking about pursuing a master's or 
pMD. " egree in englneenng? ThiS presentation is 
lor you . 2:3O·4pm tn MP room at CSC, 534·4939. 
• ~dlordlTennant workshop. Have roommate 
jinltJlems? Is your landlord just not giving you or your 
apl. the time of day? Get your questions answered 
by an attorney. Student Legal SelVices office in Stu-
denl Cen ter B, lower level at2pm. Call 534·4374 for 
more info. 

.J '9 ~ 
• Graduate Women in Science, Math, Engineer-
Ing, SOM .nd SIO: Led by Reina Juarez, 534·3875. 
Thursdays, f:oo to 3:00p m .. HSS 2101. Call Reina 
for a pre-group appointment. 
• What's Love Got To Do With It? ThiS coed dis· 
cussion/support group for both graduate and under-
graduates students. locuses on Issues related to 
beginning and maintaining romantic relationships. 
Led by Linda Young. Meets Mondays, 4:00 to 
5:30p.m .. t003 Galbraith Hall. Stans January t2, 
t998. Students should call Unda, 534·3987, for in-
formalion and to sign up lor the group. 

• Asian-American Commun~y 
Forum: This inlormal 

drop-in group Is designed to address the concems 
01 AsianlPacnlc Islander students at UCSD in a sup-
portive and problem-solving atmosphere. Issues 
such as career and academic success, family pres-
sures, cuttural identity, and relationships are possible 
topics. Feellree to bring your lunch! Led by Jeanne 
Manese, 534·3035, John Wu, 5304-1579. Meets Fri-
days, t2:00 to 1 :3Op.m., Cross Cuhoral Cenler, 510 
UC (near Office of Grad. Studies and Vis. Arts Bldg.) 
• LatinolChic.no Support Group: Family, parents, 
economics, friends, relationships, cullure - all the 
above are themes that are explored toward the goal 
of graduation lrom UCSD. Wednesdays, 2:30 to 
4:30p.m .. Han Dome Lounge, Muir College. Led by 
Reina Juarez, 534-3875 and Dan Munoz. 534-0251 . 
• Undergraduate Gay and Bisexual Men's Sup-
port Group meets every Tuesday in the International 
Cenler Conference Room. A Confidential, drop-in 
group where guys can ask questions and discuss 
issues. Sponsored by Psych andCounseling Ser-
vices. 534-3755 for more info. 
• Campus Black Forum: Campus Black Forum is 
an infonmal gathering where we invite open discus-
sion and e~change ideas, gripes, accomplishments, 
questions and concerns on any topic relevant to the 
lives and experiences of people of African Descent. 
II is a place for us to connect with other students, 
staff and faculty at UCSD in a casual, supportive, 
community atmosphere. Led by Linda Young 534-
3987, and MIChelle Boutle' Burke, 534-5905_ Call for 
informalion Fridays, 4:15-6 p.m., Cross Cullural 
Center, 51 0 UCntr. (Near Office 01 Grad. Studies and 
Visual Art BUild- Ings) 
• Alcohol & 
Support 
yoursell it 
lem. or it 
leam ways 
trol of your 
to 4:00 
Lounge , 
by Dan 
and 

Substance Abuse 
Group: If you ask 

you have a prob-
you know you do, 
to get back in con-
life. Fridays, 2:00 
p.m., Half Dome 
Muir College. Led 

Munoz, 534-0251, 
Tana Paget , 534-
1725 

• Deal ing with Psy-
chological Problems 
In Close Relation-

Ships: This group is open 
to graduate and under-
graduate students who 
have loved ones with sig-

nificant psychological prob-
lems or illness. This process 
group will focus on concerns 
commonly experi enced by 
lamily members and signifi-
cant others who do not have 
the illness. Feelings 01 guilt, re-
sponSibility, seH-ooubt, shame, 
anger, and loss will be explored. 

Coping strategies and group sup-
port will be a part of thiS group. Led 

by Equilla Luke, 534-0248 and Bar-
bara Vivino, 534·5989. Will meet 

Wednesdays,10:30a .m.tonoonatt003 
GH. Call Equilla or Barbara for further in-

formation. 
• Advanced Stress Management: This 

group, which is limited to students with some 
prior experience in relaxation training, will fo-

cus on advanced stress management tech-
niques including: seff hypnosis, creative visual-
ization and other advanced relaxation techniques. 
Led by Jeanne Manese, 534·3035 , and Barbara 
Vivino, 534-5989. Call Jeanne or Barbara for further 
infonmation or to sign up for the group. 
• Tuesdays 3:00-4:3Op.m. 1003 GH: ACA (Adult 
Children of Alcoholics) Eduacational Support Group. 
A Structured educational group (7 weekly meetings) 
lor students who want to explore how growing up 
with an alcoholic parent has affected their aduillives. 
TopicS include: family dynamics and roles, relation· 
ships and intimacy, self·esleem, and alcoholism. Led 
by Psychological & Counseling SelVices staff memo 
ber Tana Paget and Alcohol and Substance Abuse 
Peer Counselor Kam Ghalele. 
• Wednesdays 2:00-3:30p.m., Women's Center: 
Eating Concerns Peer Counseling walk·in hours. 
Sponsored by Psychological & Counseling Ser· 
vICes. 
• Thursdays 9:30 to 11 a.m., Women's Center: 
Eating Concerns Peer Counseling walk-in hours. 
Sponsored by Psychological & Counseling Ser· 
vices. 

• Study Strategies Workshops offered weekly by the 
OASIS Wrilinv Program. Come learn or relearn 
skills and practice them. Improve your telming . 
ThurSdays at6pm. 
• ACA Adult Children of Alcoholic. Adv.nced 
Ther.py Group: Led by Jeanne Manese and Peer 
Counselor Jim Jennings. MeeI.10:1510 11 :45 Fri· 
day •• llhe Women's Center. Please ca~ Jeanne 
at 5304·3035 before coming 10 the group. 
• E.ling Awnne .. Worklhop: This four session 
workshop for women wil provide a safe and accept· 
ing atmosphere for members to begin to explore their 
relationship with food, develop healthier attitudes and 
feelings toward lood, and ~I. Topics will include: 
body image, self-esteem, nutrition, anger, assertion, 

pe~ectionism and coping with stress. Led by Bar-
bara VMno and the Eating Concerns Peer Counse-
lors. Start. Wed" February 11, 7:00-8:30 p.m., 
1003 G.llnhh Hal. 
• Elling, Body Image, and Relatlolllhipl: This 
group is for women who habilualy MI, binge and 1::: The focus will be on exploring the InIerIyIng 

r.lad to toeir relationship with food. Topg 
wi intiIda deYIJIapilg copilg'" to 1IWlIgtI'" 
bulking seIf-tsltem, Incfllling _rtnIIII and.: 
~~"""1Ildantnfng tile bodV and how 
K fundIonI, and erpanng fImIy dyMnIcI. ,... 
cIIyt, 1:45 to 4:41 pJII. ~ by a-ttr Mi:Cnaary, 

Tuesday, February 17, 1998 

5304-3585, and Barbara Vivino. can Beverly for a pre-
group appointment and to sign up fOl the group. 
• Career AdYialng for Undergradulles and Gradu-
lie StudIO", Clreer Service. Center. Our expert 
career advisors help you identify career opportuni-
ties that match your goals, interests and skills. Re-
sumes, career options and networking covered. 
Drop-in advising: M·F, 1:30-4 p.m., morning appts. 
also available. Call 534-3750. Check out our website: 
http://www-csc.ucsd.edu 
• OCD Group: A support group for students dealing 
with Intrusive repelitive thoughts aneVor behaviors 
which interfere with daily life. Sponsored by Psycho-
logical and Counsefing SelVices. Led by Tana Pagel, 
534-1725. Call Tana lor further information. Thurs-
days, 4;00 to 5:30 p.m., 1003 Galbrakh Hall. 
• Parenling Support Group: Being a parent and a 
student at UCSD is as challenging as liIe can be! 
This group will offer a forum lor parents to get to-
gether, share and learn from each other as we navi· 
gate together the delightlul and yet not so placid 
waters of parenthood. Led by Reina Juarez, 534· 
3875 and Michael DeMania, 534-2261. Begins 
Wednesday, 2118198 a112:oo 10 1:00 p.m., at Ihe 
Women's Center. Sponsored by PsychologICal & 
Counseling SelVlCes. 
• Study Strategies Workshops: "What mv teach· 
ers never told me" FREE! Offered by OASIS Writ· 
ing Program in 339, Center Hall Thursdays from 6-
8pm 
• Job & Internship Listings at CSC : Register at the 
Career SelVices Center to access on-campus job 
listings on-line. Call 534-4472 or check out CSC's 
website at hl1p :/1www-csc.ucsd.edu for more info. 

J 

• Women 's Health Seminar- come to a free 
lecture"Mother's Mental Health: Ule alter the baby." 
Presented by Leslie Tam, M.D .. fellow in UCSD's 
dept. of psychiatry, and will be held in the conf. room 
of the Center lor Molecular Genetics from 5:30 to 7 
p.m. 
• The Black Graduate Student Association presents 
"Quality of Life al UCSD?" A discussion with black 
students, staff and faculty about the Quality of Ufe 
@ UCSD. Dr. Philip Raphael· 'Emeritus," Counsel· 
ing and Psychological Services, Marcia Strong, 
SOLO, and Adell Bynum, OGSR. Cross Cultural 
Center from 7-9p.m. 

, I ~ 18 
• "He Said, She Said" Come to the date rape and 
sex· related crimes workshop and hear what two at· 
torneys with opposing views have to say. Peterson 
Hall, Room 103 from5-6pm. 534·4374 for more inlo 

, r r 
• Come hear Roddey Reid speak on "Healthy Fami· 
lies, Healthy Cilizens, Knowledge, Race and gen· 
der in health Educalion Campaigns" at the Cross 
Cultural Center at noon. 
• "My Butch Career," a lecture by Esther Newton, 
prol. 01 anthropology, SUNY-Purchase. San Fran· 
ciscolSanta Cruz room, PC 5· 7pm. 

Friday, F ·,uary 20 
• "Weaving the Digkal: T(h)inkers at Ihe Loom in 
Africa" A lecture by Prol. Teshorne Gabriel, Dept. 01 
Film & TV, UCLA. Sooal Science Building 101 2· 
3:30 pm. 

Events & Recreation 
Tuesday. February 17 

• ATIENTfON TRANSFER STUDENTS: You are 
invited to an all campus transler social, from 5-7pim 
at PC Cove. RSVP's required by t2 noon on 2117. 
Call 534-4731. free food. 

Wednesday. February 18 
• Women 's Tennis vs. Southem California College 
@ Northview tennis Courts, 2pm. 
• Baseball vs. UC Riverside @ Triton Baseball Field, 
2:30pm. 

Frld.y, February 20 
• The Revelle Semi·Formal will take place in the 
Emerald Plaza Hotel in downtown San Diego from 
9-1am. $14. 
• Women's Bakelball vs. PI. Lorna @ RIMAC, 7pm. 
Enter the Jones Soda Shoot out , with a chance to 
win $fO,ooo! 

S.turd.y, February 21 
• Women's Baketball vs. Christian Heritage @ 
RIMAC, 7pm. Enter the Jones Soda Shootout, with 
a chance to win $ f 0,0001 
• Mardi Gra.! "A night on Bourbon Street" from 
4-7pm on the Warren Lawn. Uve Jazzl Free Cajun 
food! Prizesl Vendor Fair! and more! 

Sund.y, Febru.ry 22 
• Take off your clothe. for SouthBay Commun~y 
Services @ The Stage. Benem concert featuring 
Loam, Kings Road, Gregory Page & Will Frey. Ad-
mission: one article 01 Clothing. 7pm. 

Ongoing 
• 1nI-wd In the Ballroom Dance? Come to learn, 
practice or just havelun I1Vef'J Friday ahernoon Irom 
3-Spm in the North Balcony of lI1e Main Gym. It's 
free- no experience or partner required! 
• 51 Beer (drinks, H you can't use beer) every 
Wednesday at POIIer's PIb HI p.m. 
• Booke_MeeI Ov1ll9,000 academic andschol· 
ally bocks wi be discculIed 75% at the UCSD Book-
store stilling FebNlry 2 at 8 • . m. and wi! continue 
til tile bocks III ~. 
• """" TIIInt SIIow Audition • . SIlow us what 
you c.l dol Must 11M 112 RMIe sutInIs. Up to 7 
peapte lalli, SVI up at AIYIIIe Pro'IOIIs. Wed. 2125 
nI TIlUIs. 2m 8-'Opm. 

Tuesday, February 17, 1998 The UCSD Guardian FEAruRES 9 

Race to Save the 
The Sierra Club's current question of whether to enter the 

controversial debate over immigration raises concerns over whether 
the environment should be linked to issues of race 

he 550,000 members of the Sierra Club wi ll vole in 
Marc h on whether to reverse the club's long-standing 
policy and enler into the dehate over immigralion. 

The club is now offi cia lly neutral, but some 
members advocat.e reducing immigration levels to curb the 
Uni led States' popUlation impact on the environment. 
Others charge that such an initi ati ve is rac ist. 

The conlli <.: t has divided Ameri ca' largest grass-roots envi-
ronmental organization and has grabbed the 'attention of immi-
gralion policy makers in Congress. 

Heading the call for change is Alan Kuper, a 24-year Sierra 
Club member and volunteer, who last month gathered over 2,000 
signatures 10 qualify hi s "comprehensive populalion policy" for 
the club 's national ballot. 

However, by it unanimous vote of 13 in favor with two mem-
bers abstaining, Ihe Sierra Club 's Board of Directors chose an 
alternative initiative. 

The board 's proposal focuses on the Sierra Club's efforts 
agai nst "the root causes of migration by encouraging sustain-
abi lity, economic security, human rights and environ-
mentally responsible consumption," and reaf-~ 
finns the existing policy that the club takes 
no official posi tion on U,S. immigration ~ /" 
policies. ~/ 

In a letter written to the editor of the San 

I j/(f 
~/~I! 

GUARDIAN FEATURES 

Frallcisco EXClminer, Sierra Club President Adam Werbach, insisted thatlhe 
Sierra Club 's leaders arc Iirmly res isting oUlsiders who want to use them as 
pawns by anti -immigration aClivists. 

Werbach also poinled out that the club has taken no stand on immigra-
lion olher than opposing Proposition 187, the 1994 California ballot ini -
tiative that denies publi e services to illegal immigrants. 

Ac<.:ording to Kuper, the Sierra Club needs a position on immigration 
to effectively protect the environment. Kuper said that the Uniled States 
population is " rapidly increasing, and much larger than any other devel -
oped country. All the problems we call 'environmental problems' have 

now come on stream because of this rapid population growth" 
Kuper and hi supporters would like to see the population remain 

at a sustairtable level. 
"Ten or 20 years from now. the people of that era will have about 

the same resource base," Kuper said. 
Jf Kuper's initiative passes, members would reverse the club's 

current neutral policies on immigration adopted in February 
1996. 

These policies state that the elub takes "no position on 
immigration levels or on policies governing immigra-

tion into the Unired States." 
The club will take a strong stance regard-

ing immigration if the initiative passes .• 
"[The club will) adopt a comprehensive 

See HUTE, Page 11 

--~y Jt!~ie, Nguyen, Guardi~~, R~por!er 



10 FEA11JRES 

Arena 
How do you feel about 
marijuana use by Olympians? 
Interviews by Jessica Scheppmann 
Photography by Claire Schneider 

"Snowboarder? Name me 
one who does not [smoke] 
marijuana." 

Mlch __ Kurlsu 
Warren Senior 

"I think that it shouldn 't be 
used at all to enhance 
performance. If you 're an 
Olympic athlete, then your 
responsibility is to use 
your ski lls in a 
positive way without 
artificial influence." 

KaylM Huldgren 
Revelle Junior 

"} think that as long as the 
drug doesn't enhance the 
Olympian 's abilities, then 
it shouldn 't be a problem 
and should be a part of his 
personal life and shouldn 't 
be tested for." 

Gabriel Cohn 
Roosevelt Senior 

"} mean lhal if maybe he 
was laking steroids or 
something like that. But I 
think that it WjlS an 
invasion of privacy. I mean 
as a general rule, olympic 
athletes shouldn ' t use 
drugs, bul you know, 
whatever." 

John Murphy 
Graduate student 

"They said il was from 
second-hand smoke and 
that a very small percentage 
of it,was in his body. It's 
not like a steroid, so it's not 
a reason-to take away his 
medal. J understand 
because in Japan they're 
very strict, but it was just 
second-hand smoke." 

J ••• lc. Kllshlw ...... 
Warren Senior 

The UCSD Guardian Tuesday, February 17, 1998 

The Editor'~ Soapbox 
Grace Ja n. Co-Managing Editor 
Subordin ation of women by society and culture not always covert 

I am very fami ly-oriented. I 
alf the person I am 
t been blessed with 
other, mother and 
e the source of my 
rtress of hope and the 

would not be h 
today had I no 
my sisters, br 
father. They ar 
strength. my 1'0 
love of my life. 

But I hate 
them. which I di 

going home to visit 
d this past weekend. 

m a two-fal:ed liar -
hen I visit family, I 
h family friends. 
family fricnds . They 
ou since you were 

Not bel:ause I a 
but because w 
have to deal wit 

Ah. yes. the 
have known y 
"thi s big," held your hand in the 

re you were potty-
your face with candy 
ets (and, 10 years 
ou for "gaining so 
and. because they 
u grow up. they feel 
ted interest in your 

bathroom befo 
trained. stuffed 
and other s we 
later, scolded y 
much weight") 
have watl:hed yo 
they have aves 
life. 

They "want 0 nly the best" for me 
Iy," with each visit 
y grows - when is 
settle down and gel 

and so, "natural 
home, the anxiet 
Grace going to 
married '! 

"How old ar c you now, Grace? 
Do yo u havc a Twenty-one? 

boyfriend? No? You 're too busy'l 
me? Why notT You don 't want ( 

The longer th 
the nosier they 

ey have known you. 
get. It doesn't just 
est ions, though -
nsolici ted sugges-
anted advice. 

stop with the qu 
they dispense u 
tions and unwarr' 

"You know. you should have a 
o t hat you can get boyfriend now s 

FIND 
Roommates 

Tickets 

Cars 

Bikes 

Deals 

Steals 

Rentals 

Stereos 

Surfboards 

Auto Repair 

Sales 

Jobs 

Rooms 

Typlnl 

Babysitters 

Competers 

Tuton 

married soon. Are you having trou-
ble meeting nice boys? I have a 
nephew who just got his medical 
license; he's a doctor, you know. 
He's looking for a nice girl. If ) 
introduced you now you could 
maybe get married at 24 or 25." 

Even worse. they gather around 
me, puzzled as to why I have not yet 
been "taken." Apprai sing my "child-
bearing hips" and "extraordinary" 
abi lity to tend house. they muse, 
"She's not ugly. It must be because 
she's too smart for her own good." 

Havi ng reached a consensus, 
they eal:h take tums rebuking me. 

"If you want to catch a man, you 
l:an't show olf how smart you are. 
Men are intimidated by smart 
women. And don' t let your femi -
nism get in the way: If they think 
that women should stay at home, 
then let them think that. Don 't yell 
at them. You ' II scare them all away. 
You need to be more feminine ." 

At thi s point , I am no longer 
politely nodding my head. My fakc 
smile is frozen on my face. I am try-
ing htlrd not to ro ll my eyes or allow 
my countenancc to betray my di s-
gust. 

I want to yell, "Well . if he's 
going to bc such an insecure wimp 
as to be intimidated by an educated 
person, then why would any self-
respec ting woman even consider the 
foo)'l" 

Fortunately. my mother inter-
venes before I explode. She calmly 

explains to them in words they will 
understand that it is "not yet timc" 
for me; that I want to go to graduate 
school; that I have many plans. She 
assures them that I will marry. just 
not now. 

Someone once told my parents 
that they had raised me "all wrong." 

"Ph.D:!" he exclaimed. "What 
do you want with a Ph.D.? You have 
to get marri ed, raise a family. 
Nothing is more rewarding than 
that. You can get a Ph.D. after you 
raise a family. I blame your parents 
for this, teaching you to have such 
notions in your head. J' II take care 
of this. Let.'s see, who do I know 
your age .. .. " 

And on and on. 
I realize. however. that am 

privileged to have been blessed with 
parents who unconditionally sup-
port their children's educations. 
despite economil: adversity. 

Growing up, my parents never 
told me that I couldn 't do this or 
shouldn't be that; they encouraged 
me to think I was invincible. And so 
I thought' could be anything -
until my math teal: hers stopped call-
ing on me for explanations to difli-
cult problems and family friends 
started to praise me for my dexterity 
in the art of di sh-washing. 

A girl whose favorite subjects 
were once math and science soon 
entered high school and strove for 
positions no higher than that of stu-

See SOAPBOX, Page 11 

_monla 
Tbeo.r6ul 

Ev.rll W~"..d.1I from 4-Bpm 
In t". Stud.nt C.nt.r 

THE ST"AGE CONCERT 
(jj) tlw ~nt C.nt.fo 

VOODOO Gl.O\N SKUl..LS 
w/ .P«=IaI gu..t. CIIIIIIIeda. 

WII8Id6 
",. DIed? 

'file ...... 
upstairs In the 
~tudenl Center 

Ibove the 
General Store. 

• ' .00 drink. 
NOONE" (f,...) 

, 8th <IP tr. Grov. Cart. 
Fe. 2' ft t1iI 8:00pm 
S7 UCSD ftUdehl. 

S '0 ~,.,.., Adml •• lon 

Tuesday. February 17. 1998 

DEBATE: 
Initiative could set 
issue precedent 

10 percent of the population and 
had over 18 percent of the births. 
Immigrants and their chi Id ren 
al:counted for a net increase of 1.6 
million people. 

Continued from page 9 Kuper said he wants the Sierra 
population policy for the United Club to take a stand on immigration, 
States that continues to advocate an and welcomes Balance's support of 
end to U.S. population growth at hi initiative and the groups' will -
the earliest lime through reduction ingness to spread the news about the 
in natural increase (birth minus Sierra Club's upcoming vote. 
death), but now also th rough reduc- The Sierra Club 's bylaws forbid 
tion in net immigration (immigra- its members from using the club's 
ti on minus emigrat ion)." newsktter to address e lection 

Brad Erickson issues. Kuper says 
is the coordinator We really have to Balance is one or 
of the Politi ca l question the the organi zations 
Ecology Group, an motives and the that uses its 
organization based newsletter and 
in San Francisco science of the membership base 
that works toward people who are to gather more 
environmental jus- support for hi s 
tice by supporling pushing this proposal. 
l:ampaigns that Immigration If club mem -
l:ombine both bers support hi s 
e nv i ronmenl a l moratorium with- mltlatlve. Kuper 
protection and In the Sierra said the nex t step 
socia l justice. Club. would be to find 

"We really have legislation to sup-
to question the motives and the sci- port. One possibility is a bill by 
ence of the people who are pushing Rep. Bob Stump (R-Ariz.) entitled 
this immi gration moratorium with- the Immigration Moratorium Act. 
in the Sierra Club." Erickson sa id . "A reduction in immigrati on is 

Erickson sa id that if the Sierra essential to improving the l:oun -
Club mcmbership votes to restrict try's el:onomy and [strengthening] 
immigration. it wi ll to set an exam sOl: ial weakness." the bill states. 
si mi lar 10 that of Californi a's Thi s bill secks to cut immigra-
Proposition 187. tion 10 300,000 per year for fi ve 

" It 's going to open the nood years. According to Stump the 
ga tes for other environmentalists United Stales currently allows more 
and environ meni al organi zations, than I million immigrants to enter. 
giving credence to the idea that hor- Although Stump found 25 co-
der conl rol is going to help the envi - sponsors. with four from California. 
ronment: ' Erickson said. "Blaming the bi II never left the House. 
immigration doesn' t so lve proh- However. Stump said he plans to 
lems. it also tilke~ our altention rei ntrodul:e it in the next sess ion 
away from lhe rca I root problems and promises to pu ~h it hardcr. 
and rea l solutions to them." Mary Petrella. one Stum p's 

According 10 Carolyn Chase. ass istant s. sa id Ih at charges o r 
the chair of the politi cal action ral: ism ~urrou nd i ng the bill have 
committee or Ihe San surfaced. Petrella commented that 
Diegoflmperi al County chapter of lhe hill is onl y a temporary reduc-
Ihe Sierra Clu b. the initiati ve raises ti on on immigration to give 
u question about the environmental Congress more time to revamp 
impal:t or people's movements. national immigration policy. 

"Whal arc the envi ronmental "11 \ not the people, il 's Ihe pol-
impacts of immigration?" Cha~c icy. they don'l sui! the national 
said . "More people means yo u need illlere!>t at th is point." Petrell a sa id . 
to have more housing. more water. Stump has not come (Jut in sup -
more sewage, more land. more port o r Kuper 's ba ll ot measure. 
everything. and Ihat ha~ an impact However, Petrel la COlli men led that 
on the environment. the passing or Kuper's initiative is 

"Environ menial impact, arc col- "something we'd like to sec happen. 
orblind issues, immigration on the The lIIore support for Ian immigra-
other hand is. I guess. not l:olor- tion moratorium I, Ihe better:' 
blind hel:au~e they discri minatc Kuper claims that those 
aga inst people by race ," Chase l:on- opp()~ed to hi, init iuli ve are not rea l 
tinucd. "Esscntially. the environ - enviro nmenwlish. 
mental impact of a person w ming '·Because. for environmental iSIs. 
here is still anolher person rega rd - it 's so hasil:." Ku per said . "We know 
less or race." the fundamental. root prohlem is us. 

The idea of restri l: ting immi gra- II 's 100 many people everywhere. If 
tion may be new to Sierra Club it lurns oul that our memhcrship 
members. but not to members of Ivoles nol, what it\ saying is that 
Population-Environment Balance, we're satisfied 10 stand by silentl y 
a national organilalion formed in witholll speaking out and watching 
1973. the .S. population e:,senti all y on a 

The goa l of the organ ization. palh of end Ie,s growth." 
known as Balance, is to "stabili ze However, Erkkson sa id that 
the population of the .S. in order peopl e supporting immi grati on 
to proted the environment." restr iction as a way to proteci the 
Depuly Director Ann Beal said. environment arc going beyond their 

The Washington. D.C .. based ro le as envi ro nmentali sts and look-
organi zation, with a membership of ing for a quick fix . Erickson also 
over 10.000. dedi cates its efforts to sa id that restri cting immigrat ion in 
educating the public about "the detri- order to protect the environment 
mental affects of population growth could be interpreted as having very 
on thc environment." Beal said . racist overtones . 

"We focus on immigralion '''There are.less people.so it ·seas-
because currently, immigration and ier to solve. It 's unscientific. It won 't 
the hi gher ferti lity rat es of recent help solve the problems," Erickson 
immigrants account for about 60 said. "People who are real enlliron-
percent [of the growth inl our pop- mentalists don 't believe it 's appro-
ulation," Beal aid . priate to di scriminate against other 

ACl:ording to Balance. lhe 60 people even if you think you can jus-
percent figure comes from the 1994 tify it on environmental ground . 

The UCSD Guardian 

SOAPBOX: 
Support is key to 
females' success 
Continued from page 10 
dent govemment secretary or club 
·ccrctary. I made myself believe 
that the physics problems before 
me were indeed beyond my grasp. 

In college. I leamed that I was 
not the only female whose sell~con­
fiden e had been sapped. This con-
dition has a name. which is also the 
l:ause: "social conditioning of the 
sexes." I was happy to know that my 
brain had not suddenly degenerated 
and, once I knew what the problem 
was. I set out to fix what I could. 1 
have since then regained a new self-
conlidence. although I still shy away 
from math and seience courses. 

The attempts to undennine my 
self-confidence are not a thing of the 
past. however. Telling me that high-
er degrees are, "for other people, not 
you"; that my place is in the home, 
popping one baby after another 
through my "child-bearing hips," 
while my inSCl:ure wimp of a hus-
band asserts his masculinity as the 

sole breadwinner over his "she-who-
holds-her-tongue-gets-the-man" lit-
tle wife; that. I am an anomaly 
because I refuse to prescribe to the 
mores of compulsory heterosexuali-
ty - all of these prescriptions are 
blows to the self-image of any 
female. 

Fortunately. I am armed - Wilh 
self-confidenl:e as my shield and the 
sword of knowledge that sUl:h com-
ments arc indeed misogynist 
attempts to demarcate women into 
permanent subjugation (whether the 
attempts are intentional or not is not 
the issue; it is the fact that they 
exist). Most importantly. my family 
serves as my bulwark of strength. 
supporting and encouraging me 
through all my endeavors. 

Hence, I can laugh in their faces. 
ignore their remarks. tell them to 
fuck off. It won 't be easy. and it has-
n't been (it's even harder when those 
who discoumge you belong to your 
inner cirde. such as family friends), 
but I continue to try and assert 
myself with confidence - because 1 
am anned. 

BUI what about other women, 
especially women of color, who are 

FEATURES II 

not as equipped as their more fonu-
nate counterparts? What alXllII those 
girls who parents cannot afIord to 
teach them to acquire the love of 
learning'! What about those Asian-
American girls whose stories 
counter the "model minority" myth? 
(I hope no one is so ignorant and 
naive as to believe that my own story 
is indicative of all Asian Americans. 
The media and its stereotypes have 
neglected to tell of the nUinerous 
Asian Americans who have tried 
unsuccessfully at achieving the 
"American Drcam.") 

They have not been granted the 
privilege of options made possible 
by supportive !,'Uardians; they lack 
the education to back up an assertion 
as to why the assailant should "ruck 
off'; hence. their self-l:onfidenee 
undermines their self-image. 

Stop telling us we "can't" or we 
"shouldn' t." Stop telling us to shut 
up. Stop trying to domesticate us. 

I'm direl:ting this not only at the 
men, but at the women, a..~ well. She 
who holds her tongue may get her 
man, but she loses herself. 

Grace long can be readIed at 
ejang@ucsd.edu 

PECIAL ADVANCE SCREENIN 

Thursday Feb 19 
10:00 PM 

Mandeville Auditorium 

Chat live with 
ALEX PROYAS 

Midnight on Feb 26 
at www.peopte.com 
& www.darkclly.com 

Pick Up Passes at 
UCSD Box Office 

12 Noon Day Before Show 
Pr • • .",fId 8y 

University Evenll 

p~pulatio~.l. g~owth, i~ th e\.. >~i~ed •• ~~~tt ' ~oJo~l~ ~re, :~Iing l~~ s~!~ , '~o: " ••••.. . . . ..•..•..•• ,.... , 
·:· ~~~~.!~!\~~~9~~ .:~~g~~!e~ ;.~ .. : r~ .~~ . ,~~ t~ . ~~~ !~ . '~.~· :·.·:·:·.·r~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 



12 CLASSIFJEDS 

EVE N T S 
DAY OF DIALOGUE: An in-depth 
discussion of race and diversity. 
Saturday Feb . 28 9am-3pm 
@War ren . Lunch is included-
reservations required. Kevin Lounge. 
Sign up @ Warren or Marshall Dean's 
oHice FFI 534-4731. Sponsored by 
TMC Hewlett Fund, Multicultural 
Enrichment Program & Warren 
Council. (2117-26) 
Chicanos/Latinos for Creative 
Medicine meeting 2118 at 6:30pm at 
Medical School, MIF 273. (2117) 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
R8ise up to $500 or more In one 
week. Fundraising opportu ni ties 
available. No financial obligation. 
Great for clubs, organizations, and 
motivated students. For more 
information call (888) 51-A-PLUS ext. 
51. (2/12-6/4) 

I iii §.jjK ~ : I ~~ :J It 
*ROUND TRIP COURIER FARES. 
ondon 5285 Mexico $150 Hong Konl $389 
Chlllll 5360 Sydney 5520 Bangkok 370 
a:!t~:!'i".t!.] ~ . '! !!I~'~ iJ !~ 
AIR COU RI ER I NTERNATIONAL 

1-800-298-1230 24 hr 

PSYCH UNDERGRADS-
RESEARCH DOESN'T EXCITE 
YOU? Rather develop counseling 
skills and di rect ly help you r 

The UCSD Guardian 

CLASSIFIEDS 
Th e UCSD Guardian reserves Ihe right to classify . edit . delele oHenslve words and 
phrases. andlor re fuse any and a ll advertisements without prior notifi ca tion. The Advertiser 
will not hold the Guardian liable for any c laims resulting from the publicalion of Ihe 
advertisement. The publisher w ill also no t be held accountable for any claim from an 
agreemem made belween the advertiser and the consumer. 
Copy should be reviewed by the advertiser for errors. In order to be correcled in the next 
regular Issue. a ll errors must be reported by the corresponding deadline. Credit will only 
be given for the incorrect portion of the advertisement. There are no relunds for cancellal ions. 
Pl .... H nd .11 correspondence regarding ClalSlfieds to: 
UCSO Gu. rdlen , Attn: Cle .. llleda, 8500 Gilman Orlve '0316, Le Jolla. CA 92093. 
Actual loc.tlon : Student C.nter A, Room 217. 

community? Great opportunity to 
network with working professionals, 
strengthen skills in culturally 
competent Community Mental 
Health Program. 70-hrSat. trainings 
at SAN YSIDRO MENTAL HEALTH, 
then 150+hr internships country-
wide. Call Alexa for info/app. 428-
5561 . (219-17) 
"Self-Esteem" Feb 18,1998 3-4pm. 
Price Center Gallery A. This session 
will explore how positive Self-Esteem 
is a learned process. Sponsored by 
Stude nt Organization s and 
Leadership Opportunities. For more 
inlo call 534-0501 . l2l1 2-17) 
DAY OF DIALOGUE: An in-depth 
discussion or race and diversity. 
Saturday Feb . 28 9am-3pm 

@Wafren . Lunch is included-
reservations required. Kevin Lounge. 
Sign up @ Warren ormarshall Dean's 
oHice FFI 534-4731 . Sponsored by 
TMC Hewlett Fund , Multicultural 
Enrichment Program & Warren 
Council. (2117-26) ______ _ 

Come visit us at our website: 
www.coliegeworks.com 

Volunteer Opportun ity ! Student 
Safety Awaren es s Program is 
seeking Volunteer Peer Educators 
to conduct educational Programs. 
Topics include; sexual assault, dating 

Classified Line 
Ad Rates . 

Studen .. : $2 per 20 word. 
Faculty & SIIII: $3 per 20 words 

All others: $4 per 20 words 
Advance paymenl is required. 

Classified Display 
Ad Rates 

$9.00 per c olumn inch 
Deadlines: 

PubllCl'lon Oil. Display Ads Line Ads 
lIonday 
Thursday 

Noon Thurs. 3 pm Thurs. 
Noon lion. 3 pm lion. 

violence , communication between 
the sexes , and many more 
.Appllcations are available in ou r 
of1ice, Student Center Building B, 
Lower Level. Applications are due 
Friday, January 27, 1998. Call for 
more information 534-5793. (2117 
The Episcopal Students Association 
meets every Wednesday from 5:00-
6:30 p.m. in the International Student 
Center Conference Room for 
communion , Christian discussion, 
and free dinnel . S~udents , facuity, 
and staff we lcome. Call 534-6549 
for information. (2117) 

EMPLOYMENT 
Jewish America n subjects 
reimbursed for interview. If you are a 
UCSD student, 21 -25, call 552-8585 

Take a FREE Test Drive 
and find out! 

• Take a practice test-your score Is unreported. 
• Receive a computer analys.s of your results. 
• Learn proven test-taking strategies. 

Saturday, Feb 21st 
8:30am check·ln 

UCSD-Center Hall 

Call today to reserve your seatl 

1-800-KAP-TEST 
B Ib_ 

www.kaplan.com I U li f U IDC Il Tf Ol 
·Tesl names ara trademarks 01 their respective owners. 

Tuesday, February 17, 1998 

x4185 for more information.(1/12-6/ 
4) . 
EXCEPTIONAL SUMMER 
OPPORTUNITY- Camp Wayne, 
NE PA (3hrs/NYC)-Sports 
oriented. Counselor/Specialists for 
all LandlWater Sports incl. Tennis, 
Camping, Climbing/Ropes, Mountain 
Biking, Rocketry, Roller Hockey, 
Sailing/Water Skiing , A & C, Drama, 
Radio, Video. Campus Interviews 
Wed., April 8. Please call 1-888-
737-9296 or 516-883-3067. Leave 
your name , phone number and 
mailin address. (1 /22-4/2) 
Student Advisors-Kaplan, 4350 Exec 
Dr (UTC Area) is seeking two part-
time (eves & weekend days) service 
oriented people. if you enjoy a fast 
paced friendly environment, you're 
encouraged to apply- fax resume to 
619-457 -7765 or come in and 
com lete an a Iication. 2/9-17 
Financial Services Firm Expanding! 
Call Finance Associate at (619) 491 -
4211 to learn of company orientation. 
Team led, commission based. (219-
17) . 
CRUISE SHIP & LAND-TOUR 
JOBS- Excellent earning & benefits 
potent ial in seasona l/year-round 
positions. World Travel (Hawaii, 
Alaska, Mexico , Caribbean, etc.). 
Don't pay outrageous agency fees. 
Ask us how! 517-324-3094 Ext. 
C59761 (2/9-26) 
SALES/PRODUCTION COPY 
CLUB, open 24 hours, in Costa 
Verde Shopping Center seeks 
friendly, enthusiastic people for 
full-time and part-time, all shifts . 
Call Bruce at 457-9500, or appiy in 
person.(2/12-17) 

$1000's WEEKLY 
SlUff cnvclop .. ,s m home for S2 .00 each 
plus bonuses Work rrr or prr. Make 

5800+ weekly. guar:ullecd! Free'"pplic., . 
No experience necessary. For uClaib. 

senu one ,lamp 10 N-]4. 1202 1 Wilshire 
Blvd .. SUlle 552. Los Angdcs.l'A 'XMJ2~ 

\ Summer Camp Pos itions . 
Kennolyn Camps needs bright, 
energetic, and FUN counselors for 
Resident Camp this Summer. 
Counselors work with groups of 
campers and also teach activities 
including riding, swimming, fencing, 
archery , sports, rope course, 
climbing, ceramics, and crafts. Many 
other positions available. For 
information and application call (408) 
479-6714 or e-mail : 
kennolyn@aol.com. Find us on tile 
web at www.kennolyn.com . (2/12-

~7) 
Del Mar family needs help with after-
school supervision and some driving 
fo r boys 5, 11 and 12, Tu , Wed . 
Thurs 2-5:30 plus 2-3 hrs . on 
weekend. Pay $1 00/wk or live-in 
(private rm, bath, fri g.) +$50/wk. 792-
7871. (2/17-23) 
PIT fun-loving companion for our 11 -
yr-old daughter. Pick up from school 
in La Jolla and take home to Del Mar. 
Help with homework. Must have 
dependable car. M-F, 3-4 hours/day. 
$140 per week . Please call Jim or 
Vickie at 552-0333 or 481 -5804 after 
6pm. (2117:!.9) ___ _ 
DATA ENTRY3 days a week, familiar 
with Access. Fax resume to 625-
0040. ACCOUNTANT-20-30 hrs/wk , 
Peachtree/Quickbooks a must. Send 
resume to : PO Box 910282 SO, CA 
92191-0282 . ...>:(2/:..,1:...;,7..;:-2""'6)'--__ _ 

ROOMMATES 
Single room in townhouse. Shared 
bath . Walking distance to UCSD/ 
shuttle. Female. N/S. $350.00 mos 
+ 1/4th utilities. Available March 1-
August 31 st . Call Angie 455-0902. 
(215- 17) 
La Jolla fu rnished rooms for rent, or 
furnished rooms to share In house. 
Private entrance. Working student! 
professional. Non-smoker, no pets, 
lite cooking, considerate , very clean, 
quiet, low-key environment , walking 
distance to beach. Near school. 
RangIng from $465-$500 including 
utilttles. Call 1-619-459-6322. (2/9-
3/12) _. 
f01 oommate(s) wanted for Nobel 

Tuesday. February 17, 1998 

Court Apt . Master bedroom and 
private bath. $460/month call Wendy 
at 638-1590 or 534-2936 (day) . (219-
19) 
1 or 2 people wanted to share 2 bd . 
apt. 1 block from UTC. $615/mo, 
avail. 3/21 . 457-3394. (2112-19) 
ROOMMATE WANTED share 2 
bedroom apartment pool, jacuzzi, 
tennis UTC area , Private bathroom, 
Preferably non-smoking Male/ 
Female Rent : $460/ month . Tel: 619-
558-1824.(2117-26) 

FOR RENT 
OWN YOUR OWN HOME, save rent 
$. Condos $100,000+, Homes 
$200,000+. Special savings UCSD 
staff/students. Area expert , 20 years 
experience. RE/MAX COASTAL 
Judith Haddox. 274-4477. (10/6-3/ 

~ 
1 room available Spring quarter. 
University City. Master bedroom, 
Private bath. Beautiful house, pool, 
spa. $300 + 1/9 utilities. Christine 

643-932~(219-26) ___ 
FOR RENT= 3BR/2 BA , Large 
Condo. 2 Blocks from UTC & Bus. 
$1 ,375. Call Susie 578-4257. (219-31 
2) 
l -BR in La Jolla $750 mo. Need to 
get out of lease. Available ASAP. 
call 452-3620 request #505 . (219-
17) 
Condo for rent. Near UCSD and 
UTC. 2 Bed 1 Bath . Parking , quiet, 
view. $945/mo. (619) 453-2255 .(21 
12-23) 
Roommate wanted in Mission Beach , 
own bedroom in nice area by the 
bay. call Ryan at 488-3952; 440/mo . 
(2/17-19) __ _ 
Spring Quarter- shared room + bath 
available, Solana Beach. Beautiful 
home, pool, ocean view. female only. 
$285+ ut ilities. Heather 259-3705. 
(2117-26L 

FOR SALE 
Set of golf clubs for sale, including 
Big Bertha titanium driver. $300 or 
best offer. Call 587-9686 ask for 
Scott. (219-_!?) 
Honda CIvic DX 1989, 5-speed, 2-
door, silver. 140,000 miles , GREAT 
CAR! $3750, Brian 291-4724. (2/9-
17)_ _ 
Sony Playstation , 2 controllers, 5 
games $225/0ffer Sega Genesis, 2 
controllers , 5 games $50/offer 457-
3479 (2112-19) 
Saturn 1992 SLI White 4 door. One 
Owner, perfect condition , good tires, 
must sell. (6 19) 453-2255 (2112-23) 
DAY OF DIALOGUE: An in-depth 
discussion or race and diversity . 
Saturday Feb . 28 9am -3pm 
@Warren . Lunch is included -
reservations requ ired. Kevin Lounge. 
Sign up @ Warren ormarshall Dean's 
office FFI 534-4731. Sponsored by 
TMC Hewlett Fund, Multicultural 
Enrichment Program & Warren 
gouncil. (2117-26) 

VV ANT E 0 
EGG DONORS NEEDED! Have you 
considered helping an infertil e 
couple's dream come true? If you're 
21-30 years and will ing to help , 

I 

please call OPTIONS at (800) 886-
9373. All races needed. 
Com nsatlon $3,500. 1/5-3/12 
Males and females paid $30.00 for 
interview. If you are of Japanese, 
Chinese, or Korean descent, call 
VA, 552-8585 x2182. (1 /5-3/12) 

EGG DONORS 
WANTED 

If you are a healthy female 
between the ages of 19 and 30 

and have health insurance.' 
Compensation $3,500. 

Call Mirna Navas at 
(310) 829-6782 

for more info. 

Healthy men and women fo r 
eyeblink studies. 18-50, drug-free . 
Monetary compensation . 
UCSDMC,Hilicrest. Call Patt ie at 
543-2314. (212-3/9L 
Aquarium Technician: Maintaining 
residential/commercial aquarium 
systems. Flexible hours. (619) 970-
1483·12/2-26) 
Asian Model Sea rch . Females 
wanted for magazine and 
promotional work. Earn extra income. 
Free pictures available call now 619-
688-8470. (2/12-19) 
~~~~~~ 
~ WOMEN WHO ~ 
~ AREPROUD ~ 
~ of their heri tage, you ~ 
; may be eligible to be an ; 
~ egg donor if you are ~ 

~ 21-28 years, healthy, ~ 
~ responsible. ~ 

~ Call Stephanie, FFC ~ 
~ 619·581·1820 ~ 
~ GENEROUS ~ 
~ COMPENSATION ~ 

~ Asian donors needed ~ 
~~~~~~ 
Professional couple with secondary 
ovarian failure seeks woman to help 
them have achild through surrogacy . 
$20,000. 800-450-53~3 . (2/12-4/20) 

$3E)99 
PRONTOFlX 

The UCSD Guardian 

UCSD ALLERGY STUDY: Subjects 
with current allergy sypmtoms to 
inhaled allergens (dust , grass , 
animals) needed as blood donors. 
Will be reimbursed $35.00 for blood 
donation . Contact 534-2374. (2112-
19) 
NEED HELP WITH HOME MAILING: 
$4/envelope or $45 commission at a 
potential of $1,000-$3,000/week. 
Send inqu iry and iegible self 
addressed stamped envelope to 
Mail ing Associate , P.O. Box 948608. 
La Jolla, CA 92037. 2117-26 
Have you donated eggs? Are you 
willing to share your experience, 
good or bad? If so , please contact 
Kat a at 293-2274. (2117-26) 
Club Med & Cruise Ships now hiring. 
Free details . 800-435-4247. 2/17 

SERVICES 

I" terested ill 
ENGINEERING or 
MENTAL HEALTH? 
Don't miss the chance to meet 
prolessionols in these fields 
this week only at the Career 
Services Center. Lea rn about 
career options, the grad school 
experience and how to prepare 
for both . 

Feb. 17, 2:30pm: 
Menial Health Panel 

Feb. 19, 2:30pm: 
Engineering Panel 

CAREER SERVICES CENTER 
534 · 4 '3 ' 

PSYCHOTHERAPY. Become better 
able to cope with life's stresses. 
Identify and overcome obstacles to 
academic achievement. Help with 
mood difficulties, anxiety , identity 
issues , relationship problems . 
Supportive, caring approach. Close 
to campus. Reduced fees for 
students. Carol Randolph, PhD. 
(PSY1 5060) 619-699-8484. (1/20-
3/30) 

MOTOROLA 
EXPRESS XTRA 

2Q-message memory • Time & date stamp 
16-messase memory . Trme stamp • 7 mUSical alert 
All pncfS Include actMuon. 2 months' frce servicc; twO years free VOIce mail, unl ,m,ted pas'ns and 

Southern California, Phoenix and Las Vegas toverag<. Some reSlnct'ons apply 
AcnVATE YOUR PRE'()WNED PAGER $389 On<yu,.",,,,,,,,,_d._vc... $699 'ndOO" imoolhs·5<MC<. -vc ... · fr« 1oIOICt: rMlt and frlrlt IK:ttll~hon ~e YOICt mati and rr" tlYStlOn 

GIFT 
CERTIFICATES 
AVAIlABlE I 

2 YEARS FREE VOICE MAIL ON ANY ACTIVATIONI 

PAGE ME 
5597-8 Clairemont Mesa Blvd. (In Madison Square Shopping Center) 619/268-9898 

. MC1l~~.JFfOlyl ~OO .m to bOOpm · s.osd.!o( 11 OOnto. 00 pm \I,W · Mts:DC.ttd • NntrICa'lUtxcss · DtK.0"0'eI'. 
N~ ':lAtomrn crt!)' ~t J)"tsO'It od Of'Icrs c,¢)Irf. Mb199 

99¢ 
Color Copies II"MAIL BOXES ETC: DO YOU SUFFER FROM SEVERE FOOD-INDUCED 

For a limited time. Mail Boxes 
te. IS offering color copics at 
lhis low price. Just mention 

th is ad to receive this 
special discount. 

( 112 x II only. Limit 10.) 
NOIII Ami/able: Pe h0G)S! 

minute minute. 

25 $15 

Making Business Easier. Worldwide. 

• Word Processing 
• Packaging Material 

• Binding 
& Laminating 

• C lor Copics • Mail Receiving 
• Fax • Notary 
• UPS • FedEx 

7770 Regent Road # 113 
San Diego. A 92122 

Ph: 453-7331 Fax: 453-73 5 
Mon.-Fri. 8-7 Sat. 9-5 Sun . 11-5 

"'111)" 'Ill I{ ... 11 Ill" I 1111 ('I{ \ 
Wfit IHS(,()( :\'1' 

EARN UP TO $150 
BY PARTICIPATING IN 

HEARTBURN RESEARCH 
- UC SD MEDICAL C:ENTER -

5 4 3·3 . 24 

CHEEPER PEEPERS! Eye exam 
and complete pair of glasses-only 
$99. 10 minutes from UCSD. Dr. 
Selb 0 .0. 578-6796. 1/12-3/12 

Affordable resumes & curriculum 
vitaes. 453-0694 before Spm, or 
e-mail dreadpiratelizzy@msn.com 

CONTACTS-Exam, fitting, follow-up, 
one pair DW soft contacts- only $89. 
Ask about our incredible colored lens 
offe r. Dr Selby 0 .0. 578-6796. (11 

~2-3112) 

T'~ YOUR DE~ N 
Whal do your numbers say ab you? 
EXlensive umerology Profile only $19. 
24 hr. Info: (61 9) 616-8683 
WE'RE LOOKING FOR A FEW 
GOOD SPERM. All races needed, 
Donors mus t be 20-38 years . 
Compensation $50 per acceptable 
donation. Call OPTIONS (800) 886-
9373. (2/2-6/4) 

Come visit us at our website: 
WININ. coliegeworks . com 

READ Y TO SPEAK SPANISH? 
Insti tuto CALMECAC, Guanajuato, 
Mexico. Live with family. 4 weeks: 
$785-five classes/day, M-F, room/ 
board. modem56@quijote.ugto.mx 
(215-4/9) 

CLASS[FIEDS 13 

Psychotherapy: Individual and 
couples therapy, In a supportive 
and caring environment, to help 
you deal with Personal, Family' 
School Pressures, Retatlonshlp 
Issues, DepreSSion, Loss, Anxiety, 
Pregnancy, Self Esteem, Motivation, 
Career Issues, etc. Laurie Kolt, Ph.D., 
Psychologist (Lic#PSY8556) , La 
Jolla 456-2005. (2117) 

~~~ : 
attn: GRADUATE 

STUDENTS 
Find out how you ca n use your 
Science and Technicol Ph.D. in a 
non-ocademic sett ing . Meet 
speakers fram SAIC, UCSD Co nnect 
and pha rmaceutical companies. 

Feb, 18, 2:30-4pm: 
Career Services Center 

CAREER sERVlaS CENTER 
1_,5 3 4 5 7 5 0 

PERSONALS 
To grown up Ann. mayyourweek be 
full of fun stuff - Little One (2117) 
Jessyca: Happy 21 st from everyone 
at the G. We're sure yOU'll tell us all 
about it. (2117) 
Yvette: Hope you're feeling OK,after 
shedding those pesky wisdom teeth . 
Let Cheryl do all the work. (2/17) 
Wow, thanks for giving back the 
medal. Anyone want to go out to my 
car? l2l1L 
Dear PGA, Re: Casey "The Cart" 
Martin:Put an asterisk next to golf's 
fi rst DH, and then let him do his thing. 
Would you really feel good about 
beating the guy in court overthis? (2/ 

~ 7) 

p---I ----, 
• 
• 
• 
• I 

FAM ILY AMU SE MENT C .... EN ..... T .... ER .... S I 

PSYC HOLOGY 
INFORMATION 

HONOR S SEMINAR AND PROGRAM 

GRADUATE PROGRAM S IN PSYC HOLOGY 

CAREER OPPORTUNITIES 

Volunteers are needed for a Research 
Drug Study. All testing and study 
medications are free of charge. 

Qualified participants will be 
paid up to $240. 

call -S8B-STUDY88 Ask for Research 
Warren W. Pleskow, M.D. 

DIPLOMAr[ . A .. CRICAN BOARD OF ALLER GY / I .... UNOLOGY 

• 
• 



14 SPORTS 

UCSDWomen 
Playoff-Bound 
TWO MORE: The Tritons upped their mark to 
18-3 with a pair of victories last weekend 
By Jeff Bassett 
Staff Writer 

Sometimes, God l:an have a 
downright sil:k sense of hu mor. 

No maller what your th()ught~ 
migh t he ahout Valentine's 
Day, whether you think it 
is a I,;rock uaflily manipu-
lated by the Amerkan cap-
italist mal:hine, or whether 
you enjoy the chocolatc~ 
and no~er~ distributed in 
thi s nation full of frustrat-
ed romant ics , one has to 

ment ; to the l o~e r, the knowlcdge 
that its chanccs of allcnding the big 
dance would suffer a serious blow. 

"The Panthers will be out for 
hluod," Coach Judy Malont: ~aid 

carlicr in the week. UCSD 
hnd no intelllion, of donat-
mg. 

As they have don.:: 19 
of the 22 ti me, when they 
ha ve taken the noor thi, 
season, the Tntons came 
through. 

The UCSD Guardian Tuesday, February 17, 1998 

admit tliat it shou ld be 
spent with someone you care about , 
or at least someone you can tolerate 
for ~"ort periods of time. 

In a game that was 
1,; I05e throughout , UCSD 

defeated the Panthers 60-53, post-
ing their 13th straigh t victory in the 
prol:ess. 

Claire Schneider/ Guardian 
We Mined You: Summer Begley, the starting center for Judy Malone's Tritons this season , was 
miSSing from UCSD's lineup against Chapman last Saturday but the Tritons managed to prevail. 

Unfortunately, this was not to he 
tht:: case for the UCSD women 's 
basketball team. Instead of enjoy-
ing a long embrace or posing for a 
Kodak moment , the women got to 
play their 1lI0st biller rival , the 
Chapman Universit y Panthers. 

This was no Love-fest '98. In 
late December, Chapman ruined 
UCSD's annual Invitational , 
defeating the Tritons hy a mere 3 
points. UCSD got its revenge last 
month, visibly enjoying its 41 -
point Panther pasting. 

Smurday was the rubber match. 
To the victor, the spoils of a likely 
invitation to the NCAA tourna-

Defeating the 15-7 Panthers on 
their own homccourt was just one 
of the challengcs for UCSD Satur-
day night. The Tri tons knew pri or 
to the contest that they would he 
without the servit:es of starting t:en-
ter Summer Begley, out with a 
severe ankle sprain. 

The women also had to over-
come some ques ti onable "home-
team" officiating. The refs, perhaps 
enamored with blue and gold, 
whistled the Tritons for 26 person-
al fouls, the majority of these in the 
second half. Naturally, the ti ghter 
the game got, the more violations 
thc zebras felt the Tritons commit-

ted . 
Fortunately for UCSD, Chap-

man was unable to capitalize from 
the appropriately coined "charity 
stripe," converting just 13 of 25 on 
set:ond-half opportunities. 

Offensively for the Tritons, it 
was junior guard Amy McClurc 
who sto le the show. In a game 
Iilled with clutch buckets, McClure 
made the difference down the 
stretch, finishing with a team high 
16 points on 7 of 13 shootin g. 

Genevieve Ruvald also hit dou-
ble ligures in scori ng with 10, con-
verting 4 of 5 attempts from the 
noor. 

Kate Turnbull once again led 

the Triton effort under the hoards, 
t:o llecting 9 rebounds. 

The big victory over Chapman 
came on the heels of an equally 
impressive e ffort hy the women the 
previous evening. 

The talented squad from 
Pornona-Pitzer descended on 
RIMAC Friday, only to leave 24 
points shy of a victory. 

This is not to suggest that 
UCSD was untested. Pomona-
Pitze r proved wort hy of its 14-6 
record, staying within striking dis-
tance for the first half and part of 
the second . But in the end, a quar-
tet of Tritons proved to be too 
much. 

Tritons Trudge To Sludgy Second Place 
CLAREMONT: The Tritons opened their season in second between Claremont and Point Lorna 
By Saul Sheridan 
Scaff WriCer 

Faster than a speeding bullet, rn ore power-
fulthan a locomoti ve ... well , not really - espe-
cially since the UCSD track and Ii eld 
team had to brave the clements to 
hegin it s 1998 track season this Satur-
day at the Frank Burns track complex 
at Claremont College. 

The Triton squad was not deterred 
by a lillie mud and rain , however. 
These athletes laced up their running 
shoes and grahbed their Sportsc ream 
and looked to stan the 1998 trat.:k sea-
son with a victory. 

Unfortunately, this was not to he as hoth the 
Triton men and women's teams finished se~ond 

to host Claremont-Mudd-Scripps. 
Head Coach Ted Van Arsdale, however, was 

pleased with the overall performances by his 
players and the selnessness they di splayed 

towards the team. 
One example of players putting the 

team in front of thernse lve, was team 
co-captain David Spet:tor. Spel:tor 
competed in the shot put , discus and 
javelin. 

"David was a great asset to us," 
Van Arsdale said . "He filled in nicely 
where we nceded him. [Withl the 
weather l:onditions we played under, 

you do not want someone who lets the cle-
ments beat them. David showed a lot of poise 
and did not let the weather heat hi Ill ." 

Another stroog performan~c was turned in 
by cO-l:aptai n Kirk Miller, who won the men's 
long jump. 

"Kirk did a grcat job," Van Arsdale said . 
'-He led hy exa mple wi th hi s performance out 
there." 

On the women's side, Van Arsdale noted the 
J)l.!rforrnanl:e of ichole Rod riguez, who wo n 
the women 's 400-meter hurdles as well as Iin-
ishing second in the lDO-meter hurdles despite 
flIl:ing in adverse w nditiolls . 

"She had to run in lane two, and it was com-
pletely suhmerged in water," Van Arsclale said. 
"She showed a lot of t o u g hne~s out there." 

UCSD wi II next host to confl!rem:e rivals 
C Ri vers ide and CSU Bakersfield next Satur-

da y at the Spanos Trat:k and Ficld Facility. 

McClure once again led the Tri-
tons in scoring, her 12 points a 
result of 66 percent shooting from 
the floor. Jenessa Bayda and Krista 
Poehler l:ontributed II and 10 
points respectively, with Bayda hit-
ting 3 of 7 attempts from behind 
the arc. Turnbull was just a bucket 
short of a double-Jouble, finishing 
with 8 points and a team-high II 
board ' . 

With its efforts over the week-
end , especially the Valentine 's win 
at Chapman, UCSD should be a 
lock for the postseason. The Tri -
tons' last significant test will be thi s 
Friday against Point Loma, at 7 
p.m. at RJMAC arena. 

PUNCH-OUT: 
UCSD gets solid 
win against Master's 
Continued from page 15 
streak was also in evidence. The 
men continued to shoot a good per-
centage as a team, scori ng on 52 
percent of their shots. 

When you shoot as rnany threes 
as the Tri tons do with that kind of 
accuracy, your chances of losing 
become increasingly slim. 

However, in recent years play-
ing the Eagles has been a foregone 
l:onc lusion - a loss. The fate of 
the season wi II then come down 10 
Saturday 'S cross-town ga me, and if 
the mcn can put toge ther the 
improbahle win, they leave their 
fat e in t he hands of the CAA 
se lel: tion Wllllllillee. 

• spfing bt'eak feVef 
. ..... ~ .... 

"«-. - '. - .. 

UNIVERSITYOFCAUFORNIA 
RIVERSIDE LEARN JAPANESE IN JAPAN! 

Party Hard Ttarel Safe 
J~n us at the Tilrel Fair (tft Call1Pqs ill the Price CeRler at UCSD 

; February 25, lIat11-3\l1li 

~~~~~~~~-------~ Coundl on Inltrnation.lt:duulionat [IChall~' 
9500 Gilman Drive 
UCSD Price Center Ste. 76 
La Jolla 

19) 452-0630 ' 

Enroll in a concentrated beginning or intermediate study program at 
UCR's sister university, Fukuyama University, located near Hiroshima. 
Participants in this course learn to speak, read and write Japanese and 
will stay with Japanese familie to gain greater understanding of the 
culture as welJ as the language_ 

School Dates: June 29-July 24, 1998 
Orientation Meeting: April 9, 1998, 7-9 pm 
Cost: $2,500 (includes tuition, meals, 
accommodations, insurance and some local 
transportation) 
A $500 deposit is due by April 30, 1998, with 
the balance due on May 29, 

"I feel like I really experienced Ihe Japanese way of life!" 
"[ enjoyed the culturat and social educati n, 
the people, the beauty. the shopping - everylhing'" 
- fH'r1icifH'nls in 1997 program 

I' 'I ' I I I 
III " .... j II I UCR EXTENSION 
~ , II I InlGnd finpirr's p~ier prrMder 0( conrinoinf education (or profusionob 

Tuesday, February 17, 1998 The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 15 

No. 1 UCLA Whips UCSD PUNCH-GUT: Win sets the table 
for Eagle rematch 
Continued from page 16 

Garratt made sure those thaI were 
hot got the ball, combining for 13 
assists while Garrall shot 5 of 6 for 
13 points. 

BRUTAL: UCSD lost its seventh straight game to the nation's top squad The Triton bench played a 
strong role as well, as it has 
throughout the men's late-season 
fi ve-game winning streak. This 
time Cole Miller hit from outside 
for II points in II minutes. 

By Steve Walsh 
Senior Staff Writer 

For any team facing the 
nation 's No. I ranked team in its 
sport, to pu II off an upset the 
underdog must have all 
the elements come 
LOgether, have each 
member of the tearn play 
above their potential and 
of course, be blessed 
with a certain amount of 
luck. 

Now imagine that it is 
a Division If) leam fac-
ing the No. I ranked Division 
team. All of the stars would have 
to be aligned for an upset of that 
magnitude. Safe to say, nothing 
aligned. 

As the UCSD men's volleyball 
team entered the Wooden Center 
on the campus of UCLA to face 
the top-ranked Bruins, the cloud-
covered sky hid any hope of t:os -
mic intervention and even Cupid 
was unable to grant thi s Valen-
tine's wish. 

The Tritons limped into the 
UCLA match rni ssing two valu-
able pans of their team, senior 
outside hiller Ryan Woods and 
junior outside hitter Jody Cook-
Fisher. 

With both players out with 
injuries, UCSD would have its 
work cut out for it against the 
high-octane Bruin attack. 

While UCLA looked to keep 
its record unblemished, the Tri-

tons were hoping to snap a six-
match losing streak in the Divi-
sion I Mountain Pacific Sports 
Federation. 

The Tritons were a little shaky 
in the opening of the first 
game as they attempted to 
get used to the new lineup 
and the hostile environ-
ment. As in its previous 
matches, UCSD slrug-
gled to find its offensive 
now while the Bruins 
swung away at the Triton 
defense. 

In the plal:e of Woods and 
Cook-Fisher, UCSD Head Coach 
Duncan McFarland looked to a 
pair of freshmen, Ben Vernon and 
Zack Hite, to share the outside hit -
ting dUlies. 

In its Iirst significant action 
against such strong opposition, the 
freshmen duo played well but was 
no match for its Bruin counter-
parts . While the Tritons struggled, 
the UCLA offense found it s 
groove and quickly took game 
one, 15-5. 

For the start of the second 
game, UCLA seemed to relax and 
entered most of its reserves. But 
the Bruins soon found themselves 
trailing the Tritons 5-1. 

Senior opposi te hitter Jon 
Yarris and senior middle blocker 
Guy Mount handled the bulk of 
the UCSD offense and forced the 
Bruin coaching staff to return its 
start ers to the match. 

With the UCLA top guns in the 
game, the Bruins were able to 
knot the score but the Tritons did 
not back down and managed to 
match UCLA point for point. 

With the defense getting its 
hands on the majority of the Bruin 
kill attempts, the Tritons were able 
10 pull ahead to a 12-6 lead. But 
with victory 3 points away, UCSD 
could not close the door and 
UCLA took advantage of the 
opportunity to stage a big come-
back and snalch a two-games-to-
none lead with a 15-13 win. 

"The second game they jug-
gled their lineup a bit and we got 
off to a good start," McFarland 
said . "They threw all of their 
starters back in and we continued 
to play great. We had a good size 
lead and just stalled out agai nand 
had trouble getti ng those I ast few 
points." 

In the third game, the Tritons 
continued to play against the Bru-
ins well but could not match their 
athleticism and lost the match, 15-
6. 

"Guy Mount played his best 
match in quite a while," McFar-
land said. "He and Jon Yarri s and 
Kurt Seckington all had good 
matches." 

The Tritons will look to those 
three to carry the majority of the 
load as they return to the friendly 
con fin es of RIMAC tonight to 
face cross-town rival San Diego 
State at 7 p.m. 

ity, the men had IWO stars step up 
and shine in this game. Tyler Field, 
averaging a little over 20 point 
and 12 rebounds a game, was his 
usual solid self. Battling some 
strong inside players, Field shot 66 
percent for 28 points and snared 12 
rebounds to hold fort for the Tri-
tons in the paint. 

Second-leading scorer Mike 
Wall did most of his damage from 
outside. The 6-foot-7 forward hit 5 
of 10 three-pointers to score 31 
points, two short of hi s season 
high. 

Guards Adam Libby and Tyler 

OLE: 
u.s. loss can't spoil 
such an amazing day 
Continued from page 16 
Mexicans, but nowhere near the 
same quantity. 

As for the game itse lf. it. ful -
tilled the hype. These two countries 
have developed a great rivalry over 
the last few years and let 's just say 
that they didn't go out after the 
game for a drink. 

There was more Ihan one squab-
ble, with my personal favorite 
being a very sly head-butt of Mex-
ican forward Luis Hernandez by 
the great U.S. defender Eddie Pope 
as the referee turned hi s back. 

BUI it was Hernandez's cabeza 
that proved to be the difference as 

"Cole came in and hit a big 
three off the bench," said for-
ward/center Ryan Howley, another 
Triton who has seen his playing 
time increase in recent weeks. 
"Guys get tired with the style of 
ball we play. We have such an even 
team - all of the players on our 
team could go out there and play." 

The other, and perhaps the most 
delining characteristic of the men's 

See PUNCH'()UT, Page 14 

he scored Mexico's only goal with 
an impressive header on a beautiful 
tirst-half cross. 

The U.S. outplayed th~ Mexi-
cans in the second half, a1lacking 
with super-sub Preki leading the 
way. 

But Sunday would not be 
Preki 's day as he had an open net 
from about 8 yards after a squabble 
in front of the goal, but he poked 
hi s shot just inches outside of the 
far post. 

So dose, yet so far. But it didn't 
spoil the afternoon. 

This game just goes to show 
you how quickly people can gel 
going in such an insane atmosphere 
- my kind of atmosphere. My 
mi ssion is clear to me now: some 
how, some way, get to France this 
summer... 

a paid ad\,t'rtist'l11t'nt of thr associatrd students SuN GOD B()()~~HS 

534-4450 
lLtp://asr:m.,xm.Ed1 

TGIF' 
Friday, February 27 
oyal Crown R vue 

Pfilbryte 
Serahtonic 

February 21 8pm The Stage 
Voodoo Glow Skulls Kottonmouth Kings 

Still Dreadful 

Sun God Booth App1ications and Daytime 
Entertainment Applications now available. 

Pick them up on the third floor, Price Center 
at the reception desk 

NEED A JOB? 
Senior Class Gift Chairperson (Asst. III) 

Earn $8/hr for 15 weeks. 
Must be a current UCSD senior 

and be able to work within a budget. 
Applications are at 3rd Floor of Price Center 

DEADLINE TO APPLY 2/18/98 

File Today!!! 
Application on the third floor of Price Center 

http//events.ucsd.edu/events 
the ~oITtplete source f,or.,~~I:-. ~r:np.~s events .. 

-

-



16 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian Tuesday, February 17, 1998 

"e.,.. ....... ".rr 
-,-... 6O#ftl '0 be,. '0 __ rr'-

- WaItress at clna's bar in Whistler, 
8ri~ sh Columbia. exposed .s • pot·smolung 

haven by snowboatder Ross RebacJ,ati 

The 
Coach 
Travis Hili 
Fl Coach Scored at 
Loud El Copa Oro 

At the end of the match, the 
scoreboard at the Los Angeles 
Coli seum read: Mexico I , Unit-
ed States O. 

People who don ' t know 
much about the game of soccer 
might interpret this to mean that 
the game was drab - how 
cou ld it be fun when its onl y 
exc iting moment lasted about 
12 seconds? 

Then there is the much 
smarter lot of people who know 
that the score means nothing -
it could have been a great game, 
chock-full of exc.:i ting moments. 

Then there arc the fortunate 
souls, such as yours truly (here I 
must say a huge "Thank You" to 
my hosts who were, as always, 
wonderful), who were lucky 
enough to get tickets. 

This game was the most 
exciting sporting event that I 
have ever witnessed - great 
would be a vast understatement. 
There were close c.:a II s, unreal 
moves and, in the end, Ihe game 
came down fo mere inches. 

Buf despite the outstanding 
play on the pitch, more than 
anylhing else this game will 
hest be rememhered for the 
atmosphere. The Coliseum was 
jam-packed to its full capacity 
with 91.255 sc.: reaming, painted, 
flag-bearing lunatic fans . 

Unfortunately, the over-
whelming majority of the fans 
were Mexic.:an. But I have seen 
thousands of lethargic American 
fans and the enthusiasm of the 
Mexicans was refreshing. 

I wasn't briefed before ent.er-
ing the stadium, but evidently in 
order to be a fan of the Mex ican 
National team, you must com-
plete one of the followin g 
requirements: 

A) Wear a Mex ico National 
team jersey 

B) Paint the Mexican flag 
somewhere on your body, if not 
your entire chest 

C) Not have bronchitis, 
because you will be screaming 
at the top of your lungs for 90 
minutes 

D) Tote the famous long, 
plastic horns that are often 
heard at soccer matches 

E) If you are toting said 
hom, blow it at least 15 to 20 
times every minute 

The Mexican fans dutifully 
complied. The best way to 
describe the volume i to imag-
ine placi ng your head in a 
swarming hive of 2-inch black 
bees. That is what the inside of 
the Coliseum sounded like as 
people blew their horns and 
screamed on every touch. 

I'm not saying that the U.S. 
fans were not wild - there were 
thousands of American support-
ers that were just as crazy as the 

See OLE, Page 15 

UCSD's men beat The 

Master's College Friday night, 

keeping playoff hopes very 

much alive for this Saturday 

night's battle with cross-town 

rival Christian Heritage 

Claire Schneider/Guardian 
Triple Threat: Junior point guard Adam Libby surveys the defense in Friday night's game at RIMAe. 

MAST G HE MASTER'S 
By Kevin Mclaughlin 
Co-Associate Sports Editor 

/l 's kind of like being the sec-
ond of three brothers in a family. 
You know you can knock 
the tar out of your little 
brother in any di spute, hut 
your older brother, well , 
even though you're grow-
ing, he can still sock it to 
you when you challenge 
him. 

in a similar or superior level of tal -
enl and confidence typica ll y look it 
fo the Tritons. 

UCSD has played on ly a hand-
ful of teams wi th a win-
ning record. Unfortunate-
ly, it has losl to live of 
those teams. Furthermore, 
a rematch with the Christ-
ian Heritage Eagles looms 
that could decide whether 
or not the men will be 
playing in the post season. 

Having lost only once at home 
thi s ycar, playing at RlMAC was 
undoubted ly a boost. The men 
played typically solid Triton ball 
against the 18-9 Mustangs, leading 
for most of the game en route to a 
101 -91 win. 

;. Tt.l- Mat.,. ~ ••• ..... 
UC San Diego 

In upping their record to 17-5, 
the men made it clear they were not 
overlooking the Mustangs before 
their Feb. 21 meeting with the 
despised Eagles of EI Cajon. 

On a team rife with scoring abil-
See PUNCH-OUT, Page 15 

1st 2nd 
47:;; .. A4 
53 48 Which is a lot like what the season for UCSD's 

men 's basketball team has been. 
The Tritons usually crushed the 
teams they felt confident about 
beating. But the teams who brought 

The Tritons mct wi th 
The Master's Co llege Friday night 
in the third-to-last regular season 
game to be played at RIMAC 
Arena thi s year. 

i 8~ 
': MUtjW~,,~ ·· 3'i 't;Ojt\ts ~: at~b6tihds,4 , s~a.is ;:i: 
, Tyler Field: 28 pOints, 12 rebounds, 4 assists . 
1 Tyier Garr~~1,3i>9.i,p'~$;~· assl~~i · ~,. 9!§; ~,ti9.9'i!i '.'t 

',': ',9';:' ':':':.;.;.; .. :::;.;.: ';~:";';" ';', ..... ::~\.;. 

Softball Double-Dips Redlands In Opener 
HAPPY NEW YEAR: UCSD 
opened its season here against 
Redlands and scored two wins 
By Jake Gordon 
Staff Writer 

As the legendary Ernie Bank ' would say, 
"Let's play two." The UCSD softball team 
began its 1998 campaign last weekend with , as 
usual, a doubleheader. 

For those who aren't familiar with Triton 
softball, the ladies only play doubleheaders; 
there are no single games on the schedule. 

As it prepares for a sea 'on chock-full of tour-
naments and double-dips, UCSD will look to 
better last year's great stretch run . The 1997 sea-

son yielded great results - UCSD hosted the 
N AA Regional Finals and just barely missed 
out on a trip to the National Finals. 

On Friday, the Trilons began thei r season 
against the University of Redlands. The Tritons 
dominated in both games against the Bulldogs. 

Pitching ace Erin Flanigan opened her season 
by scattering 7 hits though seven innings as the 
Tritons claimed a 4-2 victory. 

Game two was Allison Jacobs' co llege debut 
and the freshman hurler did not di sappoint. 
Jacobs held the Bulldogs to 6 hits as the Tritons 
cruised to a 3-0 shutout victory on the strength 
of 3 first-inning runs and 6 Redlands errors. 

All in all, it was a great opening day for the 
Tritons. 

"We were all really excited to play in our first 

game thi s year. It looks like all our practice paid 
off," Flanigan said. "From thi s start , I can just 
see us gelling better. lL looks like it's going to be 
a great season. We've got a lotto look forward 
to .. 

UCSD has a lot to look forward to this sea-
son thanks to the replacement of last year's 
departed stars. 

Standout first baseman Kristen Schueler and 
sterling shortstop Missy Behner both graduated 
but the Tritons think they have filled these 
vacancies. 

First baseman/designated hitter Michelle 
Wilson went 2 for 3 in the second game and 4 
for 6 overall, while second baseman Christina 
Searing wa 3 for 4 with a run scored. 

Th kAh ad ••• 
Women's Basketball 
This Saturday the 
Tritons look to run their 
streak to J 5 in-a-row 
against Point Loma at 
RIMAC Arena. 

Men's Tennis 
The men host u.s. 
International University 
Saturday at J J a.m. 
while the women travel 

. to Pomona-Rillsr 

Baseball 
If there is no rain this 
Wednesday, the mighty 
Tritons will host UC 
Riverside at home at 
2:30 p.m . 

Softball 
The women hope to stay 
dry as they head up to 
Claremont Friday to 
tangle with the ladies 
fro,!, p'omo,,~~ P~tl.e~ 


