
Elsewhere 
Unabomber Cake 
Found at Ca. 
BERKELEY - The UC 
Police Department bomb 
squad investigated on 
Tuesday morning a cake 
referring to former UC 
Berkeley math Professor 
Theodore Kaczyn~ki, who 
recently confessed to being 
the Unabomber. Police came 
when Catalina Cordoba, a 
math department student-ser-
vices assistant, discovered the 
cake in the department's 
lounge. After tasting the frost-
ing on the cake, Cordoba 
became suspicious and had 
John Steel, a math department 
professor, call the police. The 
crudely made chocolate cake 
had a photo of Kaczynski and 
the words "Free Ted" cut out 
from a newspaper on top. No 
explosives were found , and 
UC Police Captain Bill Foley 
said that the entire incident 
was probably a prank. 

- The Daily Californian 

Student Asked to 
Leave Campus 
WINSTON-SALEM, N .C. -
Wake Forest University asked 
Edward Shlikas to leave cam-
pus and not return without 
prior approval after the for-
mer law student held a hunger 
strike for three weeks in 
protc t of what he called 
unfair treatment by the law 
school. Shlikas filed a lawsuit 
against the law school for 
$125 million in punitive and 
compensatory damages and 
expe nses after the univers ity 
refused to readmit him fol -
lowing his leave of absence 
for the 1997- 1998 academic 
year. Shlikas went on a 
hunger strike and sat outside 
the main entrance of the 
Worrell Professional Center 
during business hours to 
remind people of his protest. 

- Old Gold and Black 

UW Proposes New 
Speech Code 
MADISON, Wis. -
University of Wisconsin's 
Speech Code Committee 
recently discussed a contro-
versial proposed revision that 
would clarify and expand the 
current rules, which prevent 
faculty and staff from using 
offensive language against 
minority groups. The pro-
posed change would more 
clearly define what would 
constitute a code violation 
and would also expand the 
code to including the speech 
of TAs. Student committee 
member Jason Shepard has 
expressed concern that the 
re trictions may infringc upon 
a TAs ability to c reate debate 
and discussion . 

- The Badger Herald 

Spoken ••• 
"May the noving sun 
engulf the earth before 
I have an experience 
half that fun and I will 
be happy with my 
experience at UCSD. " 

- BrI.,. Ne. 
Revelle Junior 

Dream Catcher On a Roll 8 is Great ~ 
The wild and wacky world of Who reaps the Women s Basketball ca 
the unconscious reveals our large benefits of wins its eighth Z 
deepest secrets and fears. Indian gambling? straight game. 0 

Features, page 7 Opinion, page 4 Sports, page 18 :IE 

T H • U C 5 D. 

UCSAN DIEGO MONDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 1998 VOLUME 93, ISSUE 9 

WINTERFEST 1998 

Usa Huff/Guardian 
Music: UCSD students swing to the sounds of Big Bad Voodoo Daddy and Dance Hall Crashers at the RlMAC Arena Saturday. 

w TERWO DERLAND 
Thousands of students flood the RIMAe Arena for the first-ever Winter/est concert 

By Ryan Olson 
Co-News Editor 

From all indications, UCSD's first 
Winterfest concert was a success. 

The bands Goldfish, Big Bad Voodoo 
Daddy and Dance Hall Crashers performed for 
2,SOO to 3,000 concertgoers last Saturday in 
the RIMAC Arena. 

Event organizers dressed up the inside of 
the arena with a winter theme. Decorations 
included a giant inflated snowman and ice 
sculptures of snowflakes and a skier. 

Student Activities and Government 
Assistant Director Randy Woodard said the 
concert was a success and that is exceeded his 
expectat ions. 

'''The A.S. has done a hell of job putting this 
together and I think that it's great," Woodard 
said. "The students planned it and the students 
did it and the students showed up." 

A.S . Commissioner of Programming Kathy 
Lee said she hopes Winterfest becomes one of 
three big quarterly festivals on campus. 

Revelle junior Brian Neal said the concert 
was one of the highlights of his time at UCSD. 

"May the noving sun engulf the Earth 
before I have an experience half that fun, and 
I will be happy with my experience at UCSD," 
Neal said. "I felt the synergy. I could feel it, 
just this vibrance coming from half the people 
that got it." 

Steve Roberts, the A.S. festival coordina-

tor, said he was pleased with the student 
turnout. 

"We didn't know what to expect because 
this is the first time that we have ever done 
this, but we're happy with the turnout," 
Roberts said. "Also, we're happy with the 
amount of goods that were donated for chari-
ty. That was a really important part of the fes-
tival." 

Both Lee and Roberts said they were 
pleased that the festival had a philanthropic 
theme. 

"We decided to add the charity component 
because it was just turning out to be another 
concert, not really a festival," Lee said. 

See CONCERT, Page 3 

New Indicator Faces Eviction Notice From UCAB 
POUCY: Paper last 
registered as a student 
organization Spring '97 
By Vincent Gragnanl 
Staff Writer 

The New 'lldicator, UCSD's 
original student-run newspaper, i 
fighting to retain its office space 
and status as a tudent organization 
after the University Centers 
Advisory Board (UCAB) sent the 
paper a memo a king that its mem-

bers vacate their office space by 
Friday, Feb. 13. 

UCAB sent the memo after the 
newspaper failed to re-register with 
the Student Organization and 
Leadership Opportunities (SOLO) 
office last fall. 

Since the newspaper failed to re-
register with SOLO, it is not recog-
nized by UCAB as a registered stu-
dent organization. This recognition 
is necessary before an organization 
can request office space. 

According to UCAB Vice Chair 

Joe Leventhal, the New Indicator 
may be allowed to keep its space in 
the Student Center if it re-register 
by Feb. 13. 

If the newspaper's collective 
members meet the deadline, 
Leventhal said, "the space commit-
tee will meet and decide what to do 
from there." Such a meeting will 
probably take ptace late next week. 

Leventhal also said that UCAB 
considered giving the office space 
to the California Public Interest 
Group (CaIPlRG) last year after the 

New Indicator failed to publish any 
issues. 

UCAB re-allocates space to stu-
dent groups every spring based par-
tially on how active the groups are. 
The New Indicator was allowed to 
keep its space after appealing . The 
publication's authors explained 
why they had been unable to pub-
lish and hortly afterward released 
their second - and last - is ue of 
the year. 

New Indicator members are cur-
See PAPIR, Page 3 



2 NEWS The UCSD Guardian Monday, February 2, 1998 .~~------------------~~~~----------------~~--
Scientists Predict 
Asteroid Damage 
ROCKS: Los Alamos researchers use computer 
models to analyze possible disaster scenarios 
By KI-Mln Sung 
Guardian Reporter 

An asteroid ra iling to the Eanh 
and creat ing a massive tidal wave 
seems more like a plot from a dis-
aster movie than anything else. 

However, scienti sts at the Los 
Alamos National Laboratory in 
New Mexico arc analyzing the 
erfects of a possible asteroid 
strike on Earth. 

A strophy sicist 
Jack Hills prescnt.-
ed his findings at 
the Washington, 
D .e.. meeting of 
the Ameri can 
A s tr o n o mi ca l 
Society earlier thi s 
momh. 

large only once every 10 million 
years. However, asteroids that 
cou ld cause tremendous damage 
pass ncar the Eanh about every 
300 years. 

Despite this threat, a survei l-
lance and defense system could 
prevent disaster. Hills outlined 
several ways to deflec t an aster-
oid hurling toward the Earth . 

"First, you have to detect these 
objects by basical-
ly having a sky 
survey every few 
days with a tele-
scope of fairly 
faint magnitude," 
Hills said. "Once 
hav ing detected 
the asteroid. it 
must be dellecled. Hills and co l-

league Charles 
Mader created a 
computer model 
developed with 
data from hi stori-
cal tsunami events. 

"For .maller "For smaller 
asteroids asteroids under one kilometer, they 
under one can be deflected by 
kilometer, they ramming," Hill s 

continued. " Larger 
canbe ones probably A tsunami is 

defined as a fast-
moving ocean 

deflected by req uire nuclear 
explosives, not to 

wave. usually ramming. blow them up but 
caused by under-
water earthquakes 
or volcanic erup-
tions. Running up 
toward a coastl ine, 
a tsunami retains its 
energy. Upon strik-
ing an underwater 
continental shelf. 
the tsunami 's speed 
decreases, but the 
height of the wave 
increases, covering 
coastlines with 
water and debris. 

Larger one. to get an upterial 
by deflecting the probably asteroids." 

require nuclear Currently, no 
explosive., not system to deflect 

asteroids is in place. 
to blow them " !t's a problem 
Up but to get that could be 

so lved for much 
an upterlal by less than the cost 
deflecting the of one hurricane. 

We could just set it 
asteroids." up and be done 

The model indi-
cates that an asteroid three mi les 
across hitting the middle of the 
Atlantic Ocean would generate a 
tsunami so large that the entire 
east coast of the United States, up 
to the Appalachian Mountains, 
would be swamped with water. 

The massive wave would also 
drown the coasts of France and 
Portugal. 

Hills' model illustrates the 
potential damage to Los Angeles 
and Waikiki that would occur if a 
large asteroid hit between Hawaii 
and the U.S. west coast. 

Fortunately, Earth is likely to 
take a hit from an asteroid that 

- Jack Hills with i t," Hills said. 
Astrophysicist Hills and Mader 

ha ve recei ved 
funding for an additional three 
years of model development. 

Earth sciences Professor 
Hubert Staudigel of the Scripps 
Institution of Oceanography also 
emphasizes the importance of 
preparatory measures. 

Staudigel said that "efforts 
should not be to prevent these dis-
asters but to learn how to deal 
with them." . 

Such measures include storing 
first-aid supplies in addition to 
adequate food, shelter and water 
supplies. The lack of provisions 
are one of the major problems 
after natural disasters. 

III 
Tile UCSO Guardian Is publl.hed Mondays and Thu;sdays during the ocademi<: 
yea. by and fa. lhe students of UCSO. Reproduction of this newspaper In any 
fOrm. whether In whole or In part. without permiSSion Is stMctly prohlDlted. 
C 1997, all rights f Hselvt."'d The UCSD Guardian Is not r8sponsfble for the return 
01 unsolicited manuscnpts or art. The views expressed herein do nol necessarily 
rePfesent lhe opinions of The UCSD Gumd'an, the University of California or the 
ASSociated Stu<lcnts. The UCSO GUDldian IS lunded solely by adVe.tlSlng. 
loday's Pop Qurz: Describe the slgnlf.cance of ' Soutll Park ' to our society. 

ETCETERA ... ·· 

WHAT'S 
~OUR 
DEAL? 

I GET TO BE A 
\=A IW~E: A~ L()N6 
A\; IT ~s TO'TllE 
WO~LO fw\':f PAQ .. ..:rs 

OIDMf:wQo~. 

BRIEFLY ••• 

I GET 1"0 ~i'E. 
e'JE~ eLSE: A~ 
LONG AS ~ I-4ATe 
M'j SEl.1= "T'OO. 

Korematsu to Speak at UCSD 
Fred Korematsu, a Japanese-American internment 

activist, will speak at the Cross Cultural Center on 
Wed. , Feb. 4 at 3 p,m. 

A recent recipient of the Medal of Freedom award 
from President Bill Clinton, Korematsu will tell the story 
of his imprisonment for resisting the 1942 Japanese 
internment orders of then President Franklin Roosevelt. 
This event will include a question-and·answer session. 

Born and raised in Oakland, Korematsu was working 
as a welder in San Leandro when he was arrested tor 
defying the federal exclusion order, then convicted sent 
to an internment camp in Utah. Not until more than 40 
years later was he vindicated, when a tederal court 
overturned the conviction. 

. Attorney Peter Irons, a professor of political science, 
will introduce Korematsu and speak of his involvement 
in' the government's eventual $1.2 billion redress. 

This event is free and open to the public; refresh-
ments will be served. For more information, call 534-
4390. 

Pa_1 to Dlscu .. 'wag the Dog' 
And White House Scandal 

As Bill Clinton is once again suspected at wrong· 
doing in the White House, Sad dam Hussein's Iraq has 
become a threat to the stability of the Middle East. 

Much like in the recent movie · Wag the Dog,· is a 
possible U.S.-Iraq confrontation an orchestrated 
attempt by the President to divert attention from him-
self? 

A panel discussion will take place on this question 
Monday, Feb. 2, at 8 p.m. in the Pepper Canyon Lodge. 
A catered reception will be held at 7:30 p.m. 

Speakers include former National Security Council 
member and Dean of the UCSD International 
Relations/Pacific Studies Richard Feinberg, political sci· 
ence Professor Paul Papayoanou and Sheri Reizner, 
Institute on Global Conflict and Cooperation Policy 
Analyst. 

This program is sponsored by the Graduate Student 
Association, PISA and the IGCC. 

Guardian Senior Staff Writer Chris Schreiber will 
moderate the discussion. For more information, call 
534·2261. 

Bookstore to Hold Clearance Sale 
With Deep Discounts 

OVer 9,000 academic and scholarly books will be 
discounted 75 percent at the UCSO Bookstore in the 
Price Center. The sale begins Feb. 2 at 8 a.m. and will 
continue until the books are sold out. 

Featured in this large selection ot clearance titles 
are books in the arts and humanities, the social scI-
ences, history, reference, language, business and eco-
nomics, science, engineering, math, computers and 
more. The books will be located in the mid-section at 
the first floor ot the bookstore. 

Titles will be added daily until all the clearance 
books are on display. For more information, call 534-
3149. 

GENEVIEVE COX . Features EdItor DlII .... : Karl Friedman 
JESSICA SCHEPPMANN . Associate Features Editor 

MEUN KLEIN. Opinion Editor 
JE5SYCA WALLACE. Associate Opinion Editor 

TRAYIS HILI., Sports Editor 
JONAH NISENSON, Co-Associate Sports Editor 

KEVIN Mc:l.AUGHUN, Co-Associate Sports Editor 
ILONA FASS, Co-Hiatus Editor 

scon YAGER, Co-Hiatus Edrtor 
CLAIRE SCHNEIDER. PIIoto Edrtor 
BRENDAN CAHtLl., GraphiCS Editor 

WALT DICKINSON, Design Edrtor 
NICK RUNCO, Online Editor 

COMI'\ITDI .~,: Marcus lobbia 
r\OVIRTlSlNII AMI.'ANT: Yvette Alcala 
CIRCUlATION AMlSTANTS: Philip Goldman. Sean Gross. Todd Houston. Kevin 
Katan. Greg l ittle 
ADVEllTlSlNQ REPllUUlTIIT1VU: Andrew Ho", 

ANN BAREFIELD, Business ManSller 
BROCK HALTER, AdverUsing Manager 

MIKE MARnNEZ, AdverUslng Art Director 
JOE PAN, Adver!lsing Design & Layout 

JOHN BARBER. Advertising Design & Layout 
CHERYL SASTO, Assistant Business Manager 

IDlTOII"Il AIIISTAN': E~ka Snide. 
News/Features: 534-5226. General Editorial : 534-6581 

Opinion/Sports: 534-6582. Hiatus: 534-6583 
Advertising Office : 534·3466. Fax: 534·7691 

e·malt : guardlan@ucsd.edu 
TERRY LEW. Editor In Chief 

JONAH FREIOMAN , Co-Managrng EdItor 
GRACE JANQ. Co-ManSllrng Edrtor 
TABITHA HANSHAW, Copy Edifor 

IUUA KUUA-MADER. Co-News Editor 
RYAN OLSON. Co-News Editor 

LUNA SHANKAR. Associate News Edrtor 

SENIOR IT'" WltITtRI: lIndsav Harris , Mary Higgins , Laura ~nighten . Sean 
Rahiml , Cnr1s SCnrelber, Anna Yaisman, Steve WalSh, ESUter Yoon 
1TAn' _TlIII: Rachel Bar" Kara Carlos. Pout Dodge. Jacob Gordon. Sehra 
Han. Kacie June.. Matthew Kalinowski, Aimee Mackay, Annam Manthlram, Adria 
McClain. Sara MOOSrwo. Jenny NIChOlson. ElVIn Pirln&. ChriSI.na Rnudy. Ka\llta 
Sadana. Sora Snyder. Q\ryen Tu. S. Javan W"II. Ya-lei Vona 
IUUSTltATOII: Joe Anliulo 
_,-.-s: Dima Mss. Andrew Chen. lisa Huff. Monlka KobyfeCka, 
David lullil1. David Pill. Chnstopher Sy\v1lster. Kendra Walker. Allison W.I"". 

Guardtan Online: hllp://www.ucsd.edu/guardian/ 
UCSD Guardian, 9500 Gilman Drive 0316, 

La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 
ActuoliOc1llJOn: 5econcI floor. UCSO Student Center BuIIdrrC ·A·. Rm. 211 

Monday, February 2, 1998 

CONCERT: 
CORE wins can 
donating contest 
Continued from page 1 
''That's why we decided to bring in 
SI. Vincent de Paul to bring cans to 
the organization." 

Students and campus group 
donated over 1,839 pounds of non-
perishable food to SI. Vincent de 
Paul. The amount or donations 
exceeded the organ izers' goal of 
1,500 pounds . 

Each student that made a dona-

PAPER: 
Publication is the 
oldest at UCSD 
Continued from ..... 1 
rently scheduled to meet with 
Student Activities and Government 
Assistant Director Randy Woodard 
this Wednesday afternoon. 

Woodard explained the New 
Indica/or's delay by saying, "They 
just didn't get their acts together in 
the fall." 

Sinee it failed to re-register in 
the fall, the New Indicator received 
no funding for production from the 
A.S. Council. 

Last year, according to A .S. 
Vice President Finance Tony Fiori, 
the New Indicator received 
SIO,OOO to produce six issues. Yet , 
after only producing two issues, 
most of the money remained 
unspent and was returned to the 
A .S. Media Unallocated fund. 

Fiori said that because of this, 
the A .S. has now decided to allo-
cate money on a quarterly basis, 

Barbados 
Canada 
Denmark 
Egypt 
France 
Germany 

.. 

tion received a ticket for a rame 
later in the evening. Over $2,000 in 
prizes were given away - includ-
ing a weekend at Bear M ountain 
Ski Resort , a snowboard and a 
week- long ski trip. 

' 'This is the first year that we've 
had actual prizes to gi ve to students 
at a fe tival ," Lee said. "Before 
we've always tried to do it in the 
past, but it never panned out." 

Several student organi zations 
sold shaved ice and other rerresh-
ments on the noor of the arena. 

The Community Outreach 
Effort (e.O.R.E.) won the "Pounds 

rather than a yearly basis, to stu-
dent publications. 

A .S. Commissioner of 
Communications Valeri e Grant 
said the New Indicator s members 
will receive funding once they re-
register. 

''The New IrulicalOr will be rec-
ogni zed as a continuing media 
because it has not yet been a full 
year since they have published," 
Grant said. 

By being recognized as a con-
tinuing media rather than a new 
one, the New lrulicator will not 
have to publish an issue before they 
receive funding; instead, they will 
automatically receive it once they 
re-register. 

The New Indica/or. which is one 
of UCSD's oldest media groups, 
has only published two issues in 
the past year and a half, and is cur-
rently facing a lack of writers. 

"It's unfortunate that people 
have lost interest. The New 
Indicator was always a paper that 
people wanted to read," said Mati 
Xavier, manager of the Student 

The UCSD Guardian 

for de Paul" contes t. Out of all Ihe 
participating student organizations, 
e.O.R.E. gathered the greatest 
number of ~ans of food . 

The fraternity Pi Kappa Alpha 
was second with 399 cans, and the 
Radica lly Incli ned Ski Club 
(R.I.S.C.) was third wi th 3 15 
cans. 

For its effon s, C.O.R.E. won 
$100. a free booth at the Sun God 
Festival, a $75 gift certificate to 
Round Table Pizza in the Price 
Center, a $110 gift cenificate from 
the Fami Iy Fun Center and a $150 
gift certificate from Cal Copy. 

Center. 
Carl Lenox, a former principal 

member of the New Indica/o r, 
acknow ledged that there are few 
people willing to produce the 
paper. 

"There haven't been too many 
activists at UCSD and many of 
them arc already involved in other 
stuff," Lennox said. 

Lenox commented that pan of 
the problem is the computer lab' the 
A .S. maintains in the Student 
Center for use by campus publiq-
tions. He said that there have often 
been problems with critical items 
such as the scanner. 

"At the beginning of this year, a 
lot of things were broken," Lenox 
said. 

The A .S. "knows thalthe media 
room is in a bad state." according 
to Grant. Both Grant and Fiori 
acknowledged that the A .S. is look-
ing into revising and updating the 
media room's computers and may 
also look into finding a new room 
that both the A .S. and the media 
groups can have access to. 

Lights 
Sirens 

Lights & Sirens is a selection of 
entries compiled from the log 
book of the UCSD Police 
Department. 

ThursdaYr Jan. 29 
10:45 a.m.: Officers and para-
medics responded to a 42·year·old 
female non·affiliate who attempt· 
ed to commit suicide. Transported 
to Thornton Hospital by para-
medics. 
12:56 p.m.: A student reported 
the theft of clothing from the 
Fireside Lounge Laundry Room on 
Jan. 27 between 10 p.m. and 
10:45 p.m. Loss: $50. 
3:14 p.m.: Officers detained an 83-
year-old male non-affiliate at the 
Price Center Bookstore for petty 
theft. Released at police station. 
4:45 p.m.: Officers responded to 
a 42·year-old female non·affiliate 
who attempted to commit suicide. 
Transported to Thornton Hospital 
by paramedics. 
FrIday, Jan. 30 
3:00 a.m.: OffICers recovered a 
stolen blue '95 Ford 'Taurus 
reported stolen from lot 504 on 
Jan. 28. Owner notified. Vehicle 
misplaced by owner. 
3:40 p.m.: Students reported the 
theft of cash trom Africa Hall 
between 11 a.m. and 12 p.m. 
Loss: $235. 
5:22 p.m.: A student reported the 
theft ot a license plate from an 
unknown location between Jan. 28 
at 2:30 p.m. and Jan. 30 at 6 p.m. 
11:58 p.m.: Officers arrested a 
22·year-old male non-affiliate for 
driving under the influence. 
Transported to County Jail. 
Saturday, Jan. 31 

p.UTOM 0 7'/", 

NEWS 3 

12:43 I .m.: Officers arrested a 
22-year-Old male non-affiliate for 
driving under the influence. 
Transported to County Jail. 
3:34 a.m.: Officers responded to 
a 18·year·old student suffering 
from alcohol intoxication at 
Stewart Hall after drinking exces-
sive amounts of alcohol. Released 
at the scene by police. 
11:46 I.m.: Officers and para-
medics responded to a 68·year-old 
female at the Shiley Eye Center 
suffering from a loss of con-
sciousness due to a reaction to 
medication. Transported to 
Scripps Memorial Hospital by 
paramedics. 
4:40 p.m.: Officers responded to 
a 22-year-Old male student suffer· 
ing from a twisted ankle from play· 
ing racquetball at RIMAC. 
Transported to Thornton Hospital 
by paramedics. 
4:50 p.m.: A student reported the 
theft of a vehicle tire from lot 406 
between 4 a.m. and 4 p.m. Loss: 
$75. 
7:40 p.m.: Officers arrested a 1~ 
year·old male non·affiliate .for 
being a fryinor in possession of 
alcohol . Cited and released. 
10:53 p.m.: Officers detain a 1~ 
year-old male student and an 18-
year-old male student on be~ drunk 
in ptblic. Transported to Detox. 
Sunday, Feb. 1 
10:41 I.m.: Officers responded to 
a 28-year-old male non-affiliate 
who attempted to commit suicide. 
Transported to Thornton Hospital 
by paramedics. 

- Compiled by Ryan Olson 
Co-News Editor 

Overseas Auto 80088 ", • .,..r Rd. 15 

* 
! 1J-r1lI' ~~ .. t?J~~~~ ~ 'V ~ 'i Mi, .... r " .. 

: CO:17~~;i~~RS: SERVING UCSD FOR 17 YEARS ••• 
._ ... _ ... _ ... _ .... _ .... - ... be,lIlRt "t'''IICIS from atl.f#1d c",,,,,,,,,! 

GhaTa 
Hungary 
Indonesia 
Israel 
Italy (Yr.) 

ndl~ 

'Y 'Of 
Korea 
Mexico 
Russia 
Spain 
Sweden 
Thailand 

I Minor Tune U Brake Job Special ISpecial Reg. 110 
lOur tUM Up inc:/uC» •• lot more I Front or fWlIr. Brake Job Includes: 

tfIM ollN/". 1f inc/w.,: I 1"Ins'" ~ontpads or r.rshoes _-I,. NEW Sparlt plugs 7. Check brakes 2. [hin old brue "00 
I 2. Check Oistrtllrtor points 8. Check clulch 13. tnspecl t.yaaulic system • _ 3. Check Distrillutor 9. Check tights I 4. Refill t.yaauic ftuid :" • 

conden$Ol' 10. Check undercarriage I 15. Bleed brake system ._ I 4. AdjUSI tming for damage 6. Adjusl ~ont Ot shoes) and rtlr shoes 
S. Check and replenish 11. Check cooling syslem I 17. Road lesl .J 

_ aAfiOO and oil levels & hoses .. - - - - - - - -L.:/==a~ _ .!'==- _.J FREE TOWING l3S.polnt-Major SerVice w~h m,: r=s~o;:,r.; 
I Special :x Oil I I Ext,." 'or ruelln}..:t"; c.r • . Our m./or .ervlce Include.: !leg. $150 I Change 

I. He" spalt plugs 12. AqusI <lwei arxje 2Uube Ironl end I I 
I 2. New AI I~er 13. Alltu" carbIIretor 25.0Iec~ lor toost II<IIS' boIU I & 3. He"orIl... IUr~ust .. ~ .. luelrat~""'''. 26. ChecIr "1's I 20 po·.nt I 

UC Financial Aid Applies 
Special Scholarships Available 

14.Cha"9t OI'!I'lt 011 I I . OIeck sl •• nng 27. ChecIr unden:a",. lor dIINge I • 5. NewIUflhl~ 16 . CIlec~c~ch 26. ChecIr.nd.echar9'ban.ry rr _ I Safety Check I 
6. CIleck dr,1riluIcr porniS 17. AlltUllClllcl1 29. RClJletrlH"'- I 

1 7. CI>eckdrsllirlrtor condrlnsor 18Checkbrak" 30 Cneckl" pressure I Spec.·al _ 
8. Corr!r<el"'" lest t 9.A""t br ok" 31. lube door hrnges I 19. VaI'Ie iOtUltmeru 1/ ...... 1 20. AlltUll emergency bralre 32 Check aH holi!e~ 
to. New va •• cowor <jiI1,.1 21. Check & replenISh all "u~ IeY,I. 33 Check cool'"9 sy.tem & hoses I Ii' .• ' I 

SCHOLARSHIPS INCLUDE: 
EAP General-Alumni & Automatic Scholarships 
EAP Pacific Region Scholarships 
EAP Opportunity Grants 
Friends of the International Center 
Eleanor Roosevelt College Scholarship Fund 
Betty Tate International Scholars 

, 

I t ........ - 1 22. Chock and adjusl .JPOStd belt. 34. Check 'iChausl,y,l.m I ' • I I . Adlusl timr.g 23. 0Iec~ eledrcailUSH 35. Road ,,~ U U 
I Nol.: Edr. fOf Ik:yllnder. "c~lndor. and plet lnum plugo. .J 

~------------­r:------~ r:-----COmpleleClutch Job '. • I Timing Belt I,. New pressure plale 4. New P.lot Bearing Special $79* 
2. New Clutch Disk 5. Change transmissroo oill ~ 13. New Throwout beanng 6,Aoad lest - - - - -
NoI.: HydrO<llic parr"" "," .... rod. "'" ""4WO. fro,. We do extended warranty 

L:wMtl dnYt ."fI. .J 
- - - - - - - - J 5, 30, 45, 6(), 75, & 90K senJice 

·Most cars. W.lh thIS ad . Expi re. 2116197. 

Brand new parts. Ask 
.bout our special. on 
.ngln ... All our work h .. 
a 2-y.ar or 20,()()().mlle 
limited w.rranty. All pric •• 
Include p.rt. and labor. 

10% OfF LABOR 
for UeSD stuj@~~: I: 
Call for an a Intment nowl 



4 OPINION The UCSD Guardian Monday, February 2, 1998 

PINI N 
INDIAN GAMING HELPS 

KEEP RESERVATIONS 

FINANCIALLY SOLVENT 
AND OFTEN INCREASES 

QUALITY OF LIFE 
By Jenny Nicholson 
Senior Staff Wriler 

Last month, I had my first experi ence at the easy-money capi tal of San 
Diego. otherwise known as Vicjas. I first tri ed my luck at bingo, vying 
with bl ue-hai red womcn to win $2,000. After 10 games of bingo, all of 
whic h I lost, I was ready to try for the big money. 

I walked onto the gaming floor. my $20 bill clutched tightly in my 
hand . When I saw the machine that I decided was going to make me a rich 
woman, my heart soared . I slow ly walked up to it, inserted my money, 
and pressed the bullon for Kcno. After belling the minimum 25 cents, I 
held my breath while watching the lillie balls drop. I was triumphant 
when my numbcrs lit up. 

More often, however, I screamed, "You stupid @#%$&!* machine! 
Why aren 't my numbers lighti ng up?" The machine said nothing and 
po litely, yet qu ict ly, took my money. Whcn my cash was down to five 
bucks, the gaming fever really set in . 

I sc reamed, I cried, I ye lled for joy. When I ran out of money, I got in 
the 20-person-long line at the ATM machine. Two hou rs later I was $60 
poorer, so I trudged bal.:k to the car sorcly defeated. 

My lirst gambling experiencc is far from uniquc. Every day, about 
15,000 people trek 10 ou r count y's thn:e casinos. and most of them wa lk 
oul losers. However, unlike P.: le Wilson a nd our stale government . I do 
not th ink that thi s is a reason to pu ll the plug on Indian gaming. 

Indian reservations, under our fcderal law. arc sovercign nations. 
The statu government wants to stop video gaming on reservations 
because no onc Ill ay operate video slots withou t official 
approval. 

Furthermore, last August. ongress tri ed to pass a bill 
wit h a ridcr that wou ld forc.: Indian tribes to givc up their 
sovereign immuni ty from l: ivil lawsuit s. or pay $767 million. 
The bi ll also set an il1l:orne l:ciling trihes must stay be low to 
remain eligible for federa l funuing. 

Na ti ve Americans he lieve thcsc hill s single them out 
,bel:ause a loss uf immunity wou ld expose thcm to the 
threat of bankrupt cy. The inw me ceiling wouldn't 
apply to any other statc or I.: it y govcrnm.:nt in the 
nati on. 

Fortunatdy, the hill was vcto.:d, but the prin~i ple behind 
it remains the same: our legi slators are trying to eliminate 
the on ly real means of se lf-support that the Indian rcser-
va ti ons hal'c . 

The govcrnmcnt has spent years castigating ative 
American trihes for tlll.: ir IUl.:k of se lr-~ ufl'i l,; icnI.:Y. Why 
IS it that. now, when the trihes arc uoing someth ing to 
suppo rt themselves. the government is trying to ~top them '! 
I beli evc thai Iherc is one simple exp lanation: everyone heli eves 
that casinos arc Illaking trih.:s ri ch. and the governmcnt wants a cut 
of t hc money. 

Anyone who thinks that Indian reservatIOns arc amass ing huge profit s 
from gaming are sorely mi staken. Onl y one-third of all Indian reserva-
tions in Ihe nation have cas inos, and thc ones that do arc barely gelling 
by. 

Furthermore, the Indian Gaming Regulatory Act, passed by Congress 
in 1988, requires that all triba l-gambli ng revenue is uscu so lely for gov-
ernment program~ and charitable causes. 

Many people also suhscribe to the heli ef that Native Americans do not 
have to pay tax..:s . That is si mply not true. All Native Americans pay fed-
eral incol!le lim.! soc ial security laxes. Thc onl y Native Allleri l.:'1I1S exempt 
from paying statc income and properly taxes arc those who Ii ve on feder-
ally rel:ogni/,cu rcserv ati o n ~ . 

Casi nos on the Sycllan, Barona allu Viejn~ rcsclv:ll ions have done 
wonuer~ lor th ':"e trihe~. ative Amcrtl:an trihes arc Inu-: pendcnt govern-
mcnb , lind, a~ ~ Udl , ha e rc~ponsihilitic~ to their people. Many of thc 
tllh.: :" lack a ~u lli c i c ni tax ba~c 10 ha ve govanl11cnt :1I1d puhllc works pro-

gra ll1 ~ . 
Belore tlte i nlroducllo l1 or ga lllbllng, the Vleja\ trihe had an SO-per-

cent uncmplo ment rat~ . The alcoholbm laic wa~ high. ami thcir pcople 
Ilvcd in \uh,tandard hou,i ng. Wllh the pmllt 110111 ca,in()~ . re~elvation~ 
arc .Ihle to ICpJlr their 1:01l1l11Ul1lt)' hll"dil1g~ . ~t.ut ~c holar~hlp lunu\ :lnu 
pen\lon pia", 1m thell p.:opk. ,lI1d c, t,lhll,11 
health cltllle, 

See GAMBLING, Page 6 

WITH THEIR 

Monday, February 2, 1998 . The UCSD Guardian OPINION S 

WRITER IGNORANT TO GLOBAL WARMING DANGERS 
Editor: 

I can safely say that Chris 
Schreiber's myopic article 
("Global Warming Conference 
Ignores Scientific Consensus," Jan. 
IS, 1998) is the most ill-informed 
piece of journalism I have read dur-
ing my three years at this school. 

Whether Schreiber's intent was 
to brandish the recent symposium 
in Kyoto as a weapon against the 
liberal left or use it as a spring-
board to launch attacks against 
those who threaten to raise taxes 
matters not to me, What bothers me 
is his simplistic treatment of a terri-
bly important topic. 

Global warming is a serious 
issue, and one of which every stu-
dent on this campus should be 
aware. There are billions of people 
on this planet, but only a select few 
hold the education, resources and 
initiative to truly make a differ-
ence. This is a fine institution and a 
potential gold mine for just that 
type of environmentally aware 
leader_ 

Global warming is not the 
brainchild of some eccentric 
alchemisl nor the latest scientific 

Ce tral Camp 
AP&M • Bursar's Office 

Ca yon Vista • Center Hall 
Club Med • Geisel Library 

General Store • Grove Caffe 
HSS Lecture Halls 

Marshall Dean's Office 
Med School Library 

M.O.H. • Pepper Canyon Apts. 
Peterson Hall • Porter's Pub 
Price Center • Rathskeller 

Registrar 's Office 
Revelle Sundry Store 

Sol is Hal l • Tioga/Tenaya Halls 
Warren Lecture Halls 

York Hall · Undergrad Library 
University Bookstore 

USE Credit Union 

Outer Campus 
RIMAC • UNEX 

SuperComputer Center 
Institute of the Americas 
Gilman Dr ive Info Booth 

Torrey Pines Center 
North T.P. I nfo Booth 

HO Library • Snackropolis, SIO 
Niremberg Hall , SIO 
Thorton Hosp ital, ER 

Early Childhood Education Cntr. 

malarkey shoved forth by green 
bureaucrats. There is a monumental 
amount of evidence supporting the 
belief of many climatologists that 
the Earth's atmosphere is about to 
undergo a rapid rise in temperature 
duc to anthropogenic causes -
namely, the burning of fossi l fuels 
and deforestation. 

This is the opinion held by a 
majority of the scientific communi-
ty, not a select few hiding in some 
closet as Schreiber implies. 
Atmospheric levels of carbon diox-
ide have increased by over 25 per-
cent since the dawn of the industri-
al era as a result of homo sapiens ' 
activities. 

Those who think that global 
warming is a silly little theory 
should look up towards the sky this 
evening. That bright glowing ball 
you see is Venus, an unbearably hot 
and inhospitable inferno which 
owes its fiery fate to the green-
house effect. 

Samples of ice cores taken at 
Vostok show a direct relationship 
between the history of tempera-
tures and carbon dioxide levels of 
our planet' s atmosphere. When 

Lette,. t~g Editor 
The Guardian welcomes letters from 
its readers. All letters must be no 
longer than three pages. typed. dou-
ble-spaced and signed. Letters must 
also contain a phone number. We 
reserve lhe right 10 edit for length 
and clarity. Letters may be dropped 
off at the Guardian office on the 
second floor of the Old Student 
Center. Send al/ letters to: 

The Guardian 
Opinion Editor 

9500 Gilman Dr. 0316 
La Jolla. CA 92093-0316 

Fax: (619) 534-7691 
e-mail: guardian@ucsd.edu . 

plotted on the same graph, the two 
squiggly lines nearly superimpose 
each other, which could hardly bc 
by coincidental. 

Over 100,000 Spring/Fall 
Clothing and Shoes from the 
Hottest Designers, Retailers 

and Department Stores. 
• Guess. Liz Claiborne • Jones of New York 

• Levi. Kenneth Cole • 9 West • DKNY 
• BASS • Calvin Klein • Via Spiga 

• Carol Little. Tommy Hilfiger • Cole Haan 
• XOXO • Bisou Bisou· Tweeds 

• Alfred Dunner. Clio • BB Gir':~ • US Boys 
• Dana Buchman • Possessed • Space Girlz 

• America's #1 Denim Retailer for Men, 
Women & Children • Much, Much More. 

DELMAR 
FAIR GROUNDS 
Exhibit Hall A • 2260 Jimmy Durante Blvd. 

Hwy, 1-5 exit west at Via de la Valle 

5 DAYS ONLY! 
FEBRUARY 5·9 

Thurs.-Fri. 10 a.m. to 9 p.m. Sat.-Mon 10 a.m. to 7 p.m. 

Cash, Checks and All Major Credit Cards Accepted with Proper 10. 

The Earth's climate, as 
Schreiber described in Fisher Price 
fashion through chaos theory (the 
example of a butterfly causing a 
hurricane), is utterly ridiculous. 
Localized changes in weather are 
chaotic and hard to predict. Even 
interdeeadal events like ENSO (EI 
Nino Southern Oscillation) are 
complex enough that our under-
standing of them is relatively 
weak. 

The fact that human beings have 
been pumping toxic gases into the 
atmosphere at alarming rates is not 
debatable, and neither is the fact 
that we have nearly run out of time 
to do something about it. 

The ramifications of our 
species' actions are becoming clear. 
That a "nine-degree Fahrenheit 
change in the weather, occurring 
gradually over thc course of a cen-
tury, would not destroy our civi-
lization" is perhaps the most pre-
posterous statement of all. 

One-hundred years is a geologi-
cal instant. We often forget that we 
are mortal creatures, relying main-
lyon the ecology and habita~s this 
planet provides. Such a monstrous 

increase in temperalure would cer-
tainly lead to Ihe collapse of 
ecosystems worldwide. 

That "the much hyped increas-
ing of the sea level would be a very 
gradual process with which we 
would not have very much trouble 
coping" is again a statement com-
pletely devoid of any thought or 
"good old-fashioned common 
sense." 

Supposing low-lying countries 
like the Maldives would be able to 
erect stilted hoslels, does Schreiber 
really expect coral reef communi-
ties, which indirectly influence the 
world's climate and environment 
so profoundly, to accrete at vastly 
acceleraled rates in order to keep 
up with the rising sea? 

Rather than formally tum this 
letter into an essay, I will stop 
myself short. I ask one thing of 
Schreiber, and have a recommenda-
tion for the rest of the student body. 
Enroll in BlEB 130, Introductory 
Marine Ecology. It will provide a 
fascinating and eye-opening look 
into the nature of this planet and 
what we must do to help save it. 

JasonS, IQm 

I . 



6 OPINION 

AUTO 
SERVICE 

ervice Guaranteed 
S MOST POPUlAR 

lIiS,:tEuRVICE CENTERS 

Honesty is Our # J Priority 
Complete auto repair, all makes and modefs 

European • Japanese • Domestic 
Approved I.a.ed v.lt;cI • •• ,vice. ASE certified for: 
• ENGINE REPAIR AND PERfORMANCE DIAGNOSIS 
• AUTO TRANSMISSION/TRANSAXLE 
• MANUAL TRANSMISSION/CLUTCH 
• SUSPENSION AND STEERING 
• COMPlETE BRAKE JOBS 
• ELECTRICAL/ELECTRONIC SYSTEMS 
• HEATING AND AIR CONDITIONING 
• COMPLETE MAINTENANCE AND SCHEDULED SERVICES 

& more. Call lor an appointmentl 

-------, Mention this ad and receive a 
3S-PT. COMPLETE I 
TRAVEL & SAFETY 
INSPECTION FREE I 
_______ :.1 

c.strol Motor Oil 

FREE 
TOWING 

Call for details 

, 5 minute. 'rom UC5DI Toke La Jolla Village east, it turns into Miramarl 

7998 MIRAMAR ROAD, SUITE B 
888-S-FIX CAR/S66-75S2 

FaK: 566·7553 • OPEN 1 DAYS A WEEK' Mon.-Sot. 8:00 -6:30, Sun. 9-6 

~ 0 'I' Co ~.. ~~ ~.\....' ) "0 AtAdvancedC3, -~ . ~~I~ ~»' Systems (AC31), you can 
~, . . . 7 l sink your teeth into the 

1lot..cs 1.""\''-'" meat of our technical 
capabilities- software engi-

neering- immersing yourself in Java-, 3D, Web 
Technology, C/ient/Server and Data Fusion. You'll 
understand the exuberance we feel when you see 
the exciting, entrepreneurial projects we feed on. 
Formerly Tiburon Systems, AC 3, will give you the 
chance to work in a small company environment, 
backed by resources of a top-tier defense contractor. 
Bite off as much as you can chew-at AC3,. 

The UCSD Guardian 

GAMBLING: 
Casinos benefit all 
of San Diego 
Continued from page 4 

Why would anyone want to 
deny American-Indian tribes the 
right to make improvements that 
the reservations desperately need? 

Even though gaming has made 
a huge difference in the lives of 
Native Americans, their demo-
graphics are still rar below nation-
al averages. The unemployment 
rate among Native Americans is 
more than three times the national 
average. Furthermore, 38 percent 
of Native Americans children 
aged 6 to II are living under the 
poverty level - a figure more 
than twice the national average. 

Reservation gaming is gelling 
Native Americans off welfare, 
giving them the opportunity to 
build on their communities and to 
have pride in themselves. Yet our 
government is trying to stop them 
from improving the lives of their 
people, simply because they did-
n't ask for permission. 

Not only are casi no profits 
helping Nati ve Americans, they 
are helping all of us . The tribes 
with casinos in San Diego County 
give about $3 million to charities 

ASSOCIATE SOFTWARE ENGINEER 
The qualified candidate will be responsible for a ll levels of design, code, test and integration of 
compl x cli nt/serve r software systems. Application areas include Graphical User Interface, 
d cision aids, database and communications. A BSCS or equivalent and 1+ years of software 
develo pment expe rie nce are required. Experie nce with UNIX· Windows· NT, Java and Ada 
programming is prefe rred. 

Please send your resume to: Raytheor;, 1290 Parkmoor Ave., San Jose, CA 95126. FAX: 408-293·0351. E-mail: 
jobs@ti.com Travel opportunilies exist bOlh domestically and overseas with most posirions. Raytheon maintains pre-
employment background check and drug resting policies. U.S. cilizenship is required. EOE. All (rDdt""" k, 0. /on9 (0 IM/, 
tfJpKflve compamfs . 

Hayillean 
• • • 3 c m 

Before the 
Introduction of 
gambling, the VI,,_ 
blbe had an 8~ 
percent 
unemployment 
rat •.... WIth the 
profit from casinos, 
reservations are able 
to repair their 
community buildings, 
st.t scho ...... lp 
funds and pension 
...... forthelr 
people, .... establish 
hellltl, clinics. 

each year - something they 
could not do if the casinos were 
prohibited. The introduction of 
casinos on San Diego County 
reservations have created 5,000 
new jobs - available to all San 
Diegans, not just Native 
Americans. 

Furthemlore, the profits from 
gambling have given Native 
Americans a more secure financial 
status, which mcans they can spend 

Monsday, February 2, 1998 

money that they didn't have before. 
This income allows them to con-
tribute to San Diego's economy. 
Native Americans are now tax pay-
ers, not tax users. They should be 
applauded for this, not attacked. 

Not only are the casinos an 
income for Native Ameri can 
tribes, they are a source of enter-
tainment for San Diegans. There 
are many retired people who gam-
ble on the reservations every day, 
as [ was informed by a sweet, 
elderly woman at bingo, who later 
won $2,000. San Diegans who 
enjoy gambling, but do not enjoy 
traveling to Nevada, can fi nd casi-
nos within 20 miles of their home. 

Mainly, gaming on Native 
American reservations is beneficial 
to most people and if people have 
gambling problems, they shouldn 't 
go to the casinos. I went to Viejas, 
[ played, I lost all my money. But I 
also had a damn good time. 

Native Americans have been 
struggling for centuries to support 
themselves and regain the dignity 
that our government has denied 
them for years. Now that the 
tribes have provided themselves 
with the opportunity to improve 
thei r station in life and get their 
people off the welfare rolls, the 
government has no right to try to 
take that opportunity away. 

Volunteers are needed for a Research 
Drug Study. All testing and study 
medications are free of charge. 

Quallfled participants will be 
paid up to $240. 

Call 436-3988 Ask for Research 
Warren W. Ple.kow, M.D. 

DIPLOMATE. AMERICAN BOAR a OF ALLERGy/IMMUNOLOGY 

Old proverb: 
One man's clutter is another man's windfall. 

Guardian Classifieds, Student Center, upstairs 

J'il US at the Ttarel Fair ,n call1PUs in '1 
the Price Center at UCSD . 
February 25, lOam-]pm ~ 

. 1 
<7 .... A. Aclv\(.. Nl(. 

Itfr.II 

t~ I r.".... d ' 9500 Gilman Drive . 
~: UCSD Price Center Ste. 76 r -L~·.1:l:. :. -:b_ .... ":'1 .. ~19) _45~-~630 

Monday, February 2, 1998 

G 

n ancien I times, it was 
believed that dreams con-
tai ned messages from the 
gods, prophecies that were 
beyond human comprehen-
sion. In more recent times, 

though , the meaning behind one's 
dreams has been left to individual inter-
pretation. 

It is now believed that dreams can 
reflect anything from a tri via l event ear-
lier in the day, to answering a meaning-
ful, life-changing decision. 

No mailer how one decide to inter-
pret dreams, it 's obvious that a dream is 
a window to a side of oneself rarely 
made public - the deepest regions of 
our consciousness. Surveys have shown 
thal the one thing that serves as a uni-
versal embarrassment is if the contents 
of one's dreams are revealed. 

The UCSD Guardian 

s 

The wild and often wacky world of the 
unconscious reveals our deepest secrets, 

repressed wishes and hidden fears 

orten, dreams eonlain a collection of 
random people, events and objecls Ihat 
seem to have no connection to our cun-
scious world. 

As pointed ou t by Sigmund Freud, 
one of the first psychologists to study 
the human state of unconsciousness, it 
is impossible for a per 'on to have an 
original thought or idea while dreaming. 
Hence, as random and bizarre as dreams 
often are, they are somehow connected 
to real is ucs in the dreamer's life. 

Despite this, most will still wake up 
each morning, laugh off the whimsical 
events of the past night 's dreams, and 
proceed through the day without so 
much as a second thought. When one 
considers, though, that the average 
human spends ten days a month sleep-
ing, the content of one's dreams are 
likely to be relevant to one's actions 

while awake. 
So, the question is, how docs one 

interpret dreams'! Obviously, there is 
scarcely any thing more unique than a 
dream, so Ihere can be no exact formula 
Ihat precisely decodes the mysteries of 
Ihe uncunscious world. 

To many psychologists, dream inter-
pretation will never be considered a sci-
ence, and borders on the far-fetched 
'\lotions of "mystical medicine." Freud 
and others of hi s time were the first to 
make a clear, concrete scienti fie hypoth-
esis in regard to dreams. These hypothe-
ses arc a valuable tool in understanding 
a patient's psyche. 

"The interpretation of dreams is the 
royal road to the knowledge of the 
unconscious activities of the mind," 
wrote Freud. 

See DRaAMS, Page 9 

B'J genevieve Cox, ~eafurej Difor 

FEATIJRES 7 



8 CALENDAR The UCSD Guardian Monday, February 2, 1998 

(ALEIDAR SUIWSIOIS SHOULI Jf 11 fHE GUARDIA. OFFICE, UPSrAlRS 1M ~fUDfMf (rna ~ I ~All cm OJ16) IY J p~ / 1HUlSDAY 
mOl 10 mil tu. WE. 1HEY SHOULD IE fWR rm ~O (101000) WOI.S AID m Jf f.ITED fOR LEI6TH O. cmm 

1Hf Nfwr (Alf.JAR 15 mAYS LOOrlJG FO. IllUSTWIOIS AID 'ROTO&Wrs fRU TH E 
um muwlOl. '.116 rom UP fO fHE GUUAII OFfICE, I. THE SmElT [mfA. 

FINE ARTS 
TIIurIcIIy. FtINuIry 5 

• 6pm: Lectww I D.. a ... 11on III ...... w.rt.c.. by Don BocI1Ia. syn-
IIles/Zel pioneer 7.3Opm p'esenlation by Don Buchta. drealOf 01 exotic rrusic rnpi.A 
IWld conlroller lechroiogy wiU perfOfm rrusic for 'LIgIiMlQ: keyboiwd & sax wnh Peter 
AplellaLrn 400 UCTR.-Cener for Music III COOlPUhng & lhe Arts. Free 

Ongoing 
• VIIlkh •• lcK .... DnctloM III CaM ... II., .... ~ w~ 
be on view Jan 10 ItvOtq1 March 21 i1 lhe Universiy Atl Galery. The arlisls WIH lecllle 
on Ihei work al 6:00 p.m. Jan. 10 in !Aande'/lUs Rec~aI Hal. A reception will lor !he 
Irtists wIN follow ~om 7 10 9 p.m. rl!he gallery. 
• ArtisIS. poets. wr~ers of ' flClion'! The deadline fOf submissions 10 !he __ eoa. 
III- ue.r.r Arb ....... is February 17. CaH 534·306B IOf dela~s Of drop by 
Warren Wrfti1g (UC 410). Sary. Warren sludents only. 
.n. ........ IIrIH: ...., 1_ Will p'esenl SIX conlemporary wrters 

~~ m1f1~Vfef~~wi~:~::' 
Ongoing 

• You can sludy abroad and earn cred~ lowards graduallOfl! Hurry! Applicalions due 
on January 30 IOf 191ocalions Contact Programs Abroad O"ice to Apply. 534·1123. 
• ..... I .......... "..,... Applicalions available lor klcal Spring and 001· 
of40W11 SIl!Yl'ler internships "';1 be accepted ItvOtq1 Friday. Feb. 27 Studenls rrusl 
have cOOlpleted 90 LlliIs. 2-upper division cruses. mlO 2.5 GPA. L~ Buid'"9. ROOfTl 
3255. M. T. Th. F B am-12 N iIld 1-4 pm; Wed B am-l pm. caU 434·4355. 
• AcMIIIIc ................. AppiICaIIOrlS lor local sp'i1Q and OlA-of·IOWII 
SlITIO'Ier i1tershlps will be accepted Monday. January 12 1hr0tq1 Feb. 27. SludenlS 

1t~~tW~tJh~frfrrf~s have a mn. 2.5 ~A. 
• CoMoIII._ WMkI Come Celebralel Free samples· Look for us on LI-
brary Wak and Price Cenler all week Sponsored by Sludent Hea"h. 

Ongoing 
• WOOlen. have l.C.~d an 3000rmal pap smear (cervical dysplasia) recenlly? Be a parI 
of cuUi1g edge NMIrdI using oot"lion and Ineslyle 10 ~eal tI1is condilion. Call 
!he CAmE cOOfdinalor for mOle i1fo al 822·1127 
• .......... FIInIII aa.a..I. al RiMAe every Man ... Wee. noon· I pm and 5-
8pm. No appOOlmenl needed· wal i1 10 !he Wellness Room. 2nd floor A FREE sludent 
service p'ovided by Sludent Heallh Advocalesl Call 534·2419 for mOle inlo! 
• Free Archery" C- join 1M UCID ....., ... we p'ovide inSlruclion ev· 
ery Sal IrOfO llam 10 1 pm. behind Thorton Hos~al. No eKperro:e or eq[jpmenl nec· 
essary FOf more f1fo e-mail archeryOucsd.edu 
• Gel c ...... CPR & Frsl Aid ~alf1ing at Sludenl Health by Red Cross Ins~uclOfs 
S I 0 
e a c h 
class + 
$10 lor 
reler · 
ance 
boo/(·Of 
all 3 for 
$ 2 5 ! 
Sign up 
al SHS 
Health 
Ed 2nd 
Floor! 
• G.t 
Pull· 
IIIhIdI 
Hea lth 
Beal is 
a Slu, 
denl 
p...tllica· 
tion locuslng In heabh issues Arlicles now being accepled· contact by email 
avalsmanOucsd.edu 
• 'I'M NutrItIon c:-.IInI 0 Sludent Health. Includes cornpU1er~ed assessmentl 
By appoinlrrenl only! Call 534·8089. 
• Studenl Heath Advocales prOVide ,.., EducMIon ,..... on Nulriloo. HIV. 
Filrless. Stress & other Iopics al your res hall Of student org meelingsl Call 534·2419IOf 
more rllo on lhese ".. progams

'
! 

• 'I'M anonymous HIV t ..... al Sludenl Health· walk in 10 sign up al lhe Health 
Arrlex. llrsllioor. Ouestoos? CaU 534·3874 
·.tudent HuItII is here ICJ ,ou! We're a lu" service cli~e open 10 ALL regislered 
sludenls. You don't need health insurallCe 10 use 011 ser'/lces

' 
Appoi1lmenls fOf physi. 

Clan visils and specially clinics · call 534·8089 Walk In 10 Urgenl Care weef<days Bam • 
4.3Opm (Wed 9-4.3Opm) 
• '-tine, CGnInception. imual exams. STD lesls. P'egnancy lesls. bilh con~oI 
prescriploos . ... health educalion . all al Women's Clinic. Sludenl Heanh Call 534-8089 
lor appl eo.,Iel • ., ConIIdInt .. l-alwaysl 
• Doll' .. III .... --rn N.leasl. not unlil you've had Y'» ...... 11t1.AIIIot.1 If 
you SlXI or SWfn rllhe ocean. consider rlYTlltlizalions 10 protecl Y'» heanh Two shols, 
6 months aparl · SSO each. Wak i110 Student Health M·F B-1 lam; Wed 9-1 lam 
• FI'M CIIoIH ...... t ..... al Student Healthl Sign up allhe Ilrsl floor bullelin boa-d 
for yru apporltment. 
• Low CoIl "'--,. Over !he cOlJ1ler ~ems (cold medICines. anlaclds. bandalds. 
'/II n •. ski1 care pr~. een conlraceplive oducls. conlacllens prod· 

s. c) 0IJ1I 6 es! i ' 9am·4.3Opm. 
WednIadIy. FtbNlry 4 

• flN.Vet Club ......... al 7pm rllhe San FranclscO/Sanla Cruz room IfI PC Dr 
Gary Amaral. eqLIIne velerlnarlan. IS speakng Please call 638·1746 lor more 1010 

Thurtdly. FtblUlry 5 
• Do,ou 0fItI0H 2011 II so come and learn how you can help pullhe equal Educa· 
lional OpporllJ1ny InAlalrve on the Caldornla baUol Come 10 lhe Iwsl ever Sludenls for 
Educalronal Opporlunrty meelng allhe WOOlen'S Cenler U407 Conference Room IrOfO 
7·8pm 

0ng0i"9 
'leIIIIM 0., ..... l1li1 Tt ......... AlIOCIltIon meels every Monday 
1t7pm In lhe Graduale Sludenl AssociallOfl (nexlloA S Leclure Noles) Or. SlOP byand 
say hi when our oIilCe door IS open (above Sotl Reserves) Come OIJI and meel greal 
people l ALL are welcome I 
• PIlI ~ DIIbII'rMI. C044I Frltlrllltr meels 10 hear speakers frOOllhe 
legal professoo SOCialize. facllilale leqallOlernshlps as weft as !he Law School appllCa· 
100 process Call Akson aI457·2365 

'lAIU ...... _ ....... 0 Cross Cullllal Cenler every Monday 0 6p m. 
FOf more nCJmaloo slop by AASU oIilCe (behi1d Pulse 0 Pri;e Cenler) 
• ........... All*' ... meels every Monday 118 p.m In !he Pepper Can· 
yon Lodge i1 ERG. This weeks leallles ' B~ter Sugat. ' a Cuban moVie aboU1 love. deceit 
and lhe Cuban Re'loiJIion. 
.................... -'i ar... Come share and explore women Ofi· 

irftffti~ffi:vYm~~ 
• CI.pu, 
Cru .. "'. 
'Of CIvI.1 
PRIMETIMEI 
Come learn 
aboul God 
\\triIemakilg 
new friends. 
II's aIB.3Opm 
in Cenler 
11 5. 

OngoIng 
.,.. .... 
II. '1,. 
IiIIIIIAie. 
CIIIl.1I 
holds Friday 
prayers ev· 
ery week in 
Cross Cui· 
tural Cenler 
Cenler Irom 

ThundIy, FIIINIfy 5 

1·2 p.m. Everyone is weiCOfOe. For more info. conlact Ahmad 0 538-1392. (2J6·13) 
· w.v...., CIIrIItI. FeIIo ...... Come develop yru realaliooship with God 

~1frtlflilfm~~r~ 
TUIdIy, FtbIUIry 3 

· C-......., lor "-" .............. Career possibilities. Ca· 
reer Center resruces. career pmning. relaled experience. job search s~alegies. ques· 
IIOfl period All welcome. 3-4:~ i1 Muhi-Pllpose ROOfTl. Career Services Carter. 
• btInI l_ WeeII: CQOI(ing Demo and BooIh IrOfO 7:30 10 9p.m. f1!he 
WOOlen'S Cenler. 

ThuI1dly. FtbruIry 5 

• I ItUIIetIt eon...... 
lioii c.,. represenlalive 
wil presenl no on Ihe~ paid 
summer inlernships in Na· 
looal Parks. Naliorlal FOfesls. 
Fish and Wildlife Reluges 
throoghoullhe cMtry. 12· 
1 30 Berkeley ROOfTl. Price 
Cenler. 
'IIr, Fred "_!lu, 
~,pln... Inl.r •• nl 
lcU,I.t Ind .... f ., 
FIMdoIII Reclpllnt will 
.,..k Introduced by Pro-
lessor Peler Irons. Free al 
3pm in CCC Presenled by 
Hewlell Diversily and Unlly 
Fund. 534·4390. 
• 11111111 A •• r.n ... 
••• k fn'or.lllon 
IooIh Price Cenler 

.1nt ...... 1'echniItuII. Learn how 10 plan lor and conducl an effecllVe inler· 
view. It PC San FriiNSanlaCrvz room hOOl3-4 JOpm For roe i1fo call534.Q501 
• MOVIe and DiscusSlOfl: ... aur ..... : '-'-Ilccount. '" Ellrn, ~ 
din" (for ealng awareness weeIl) fr00l7-8:30 p.m. In Women's Cenler. 
• ldw-.d ................. This gouP. which is ~rTII led 10 sludenls with 
some prior experience in relaxalion trai1ilg. willocus on advanced slress manage· 
rrenl lecroques includlOg self hyprosis. creallVe visuaizatxln and olher advanced 
relaxalion lechniques. Led by Jeanne rM1ese 534·3035 and Barbara VlVm 534·5989. 
Call lor lurther inlo or 10 Sign up. 3-4pm. Oceanview lounge. TMC 

Ontoint 
• GrIdUIIt ...... In lellne., ...... 1ng1Merlng/ 1011II1II110: Led by 
Re i n a 
Juarez. 5J4. 
3 B 7 5 
Thursdays. 
1.00 10 
3:00p.m .. 
HSS 2101. 
Call Re ina 
lor a pre· 
group ap· 
pointmenl 

• UtIIIaICIIIc_ .......... Famt;. parents. ecoromi:s. hlends. relation-
shps. clJllu'e . all !he above are Ihemes !hal are elCPlored loward !he goal c:A g a~lion 
frOOl UCSD. We<ilesdaVS. 2:30 10 4:30p.m .• Haf Dome LOlJ1ge. Muir College. Led by 
Rem Juarez. 534·38751Wld Dan MtIloz. 534-0251. 

·'''~''''''''''''Md'''''''''''''''''''''''''meelseveryTues· 
day rl!he Inlernalional COOler Conference RoOOl. A COnfidenlial. drop-n group where 
guys Cill ask queslions and discuss iSSues. Sponsored by Psych andCOlKlSeling Ser· 
vices. 534-3755IOf more no. 
• c....,. ... '-= Campus Black FOfUm is an infOfmai galhemg where we 
i1vKe open discussion and exchir1ge ideas. gripes. accOfOpis/Yrer1ls. queslions and 
concerns on illy lopic relevanllo !he lives and experiences of people of African De-
scent. II is a place lor us 10 comecl with other studenlS. stalllWld lacutlv al UCSD i1 a 
casual. supportiYe. Led by Unda Young 534-3987. and MicheHe 

cartoon BARBER BolA1e' Bllke. 534·5905. 
Cal for mOfmalion. Fri-
"'.'" 4:ts... p •••. Cross Cullural Cenler. 
510UCoo. (Near Office 01 
Grad. Studies and Visual 
Art Buildings) 
• Alcoh.1 I lull· 
.1_ ...... 
port CInqI: II you ask 
YOllsell if you have a 
problem. or if you krow 
you do. learn ways 10 gel 

, back i1 corIroi 01 your lie 
'"""'" 2:00 to 4:00 Half Dane LOlJlge. 

Led by Dan 
1. and 

Pagel. 534·1725. 
• DIe", with P." 
chDIogIcII ProIIIIInI 
I. CII .. R.lltlon-

II!IpI: This group is open 10 !1aduale and lIIdergraduale sludenis vmo have loved 
ones with sign~icanl PSYChologICal p'obIems. II you are in a close{rninale relalionship 
with sorTMMJIle (family merrber. roonvnale. signnicanl other) vmo is dep'essed. schiZO-
plYeni::. manic. Of has other difficlA1 psychological issues. tI1is group may be beneficial 
IOf you. This process group will locus on concerns COfOmonly experienced by fam ~y 
memIlers and siglificanl others who do nol have !he illness. Feelings 01 guil. responsi· 
bility. seW-doubI. shame. anger. and loss wil be explored. COPf1g s~a1egies and group 
supporl will be a PM! of !his group. Led by Equila L\i(e. 534-0248 and Barbara Vivino. 
534·5989. W~I meet WeOOesdaYS. 10:30 a.m. 10 noon 311003 GH. Call Equilla or Bar· 
bara fOf ItJIher inlOfmalion. 
· ~ .... ".I .•. 1It: This group. v.flich is liniled 10 sludenls wilh 
some prior experience f1 relaxation traini1g. win locus on advanced stress managemenl 
teclY1iques inciJdi1g: set hypnosis. crealive visualization and other advanced relax· 
ation lecll1iques. Led by JeaY1e Manese. 534·3035. and Barbara Vrvino. 534·5989. 
Call Jeame or Barbara fOf fll1her infOfmalion or 10 sign up for !he group. 
'1'IeHI,. 3:00.4:3Op, •• 1003 GH: ACA (Adull Children of Alcoholics) 
E!lJacalional SUpport Group. A StrUCllled educalional goup ( 7 weekly meelings) lor 
sludenls vmo wanllo explore how growJig up with an alcoholic parenl has affecled their 
aduillives. Topics inckJde: famly dynamics and roles. relalionships and intimacy. seW· 
esleem. and alcoholism. Led by Psychological & Counseling Services slaR member 
Tana Pagel and Alcohol irld Subslance Abuse Peer CounselOf Kam Ghafele 
• • ......,. 2:00-313Op.11~ WOOlen'S Center: Ealing Concerns Peer Counsellllg 
wall·1Il hours. Sponsored by Psychological & Counseling Services 

1:30 to t t ...... WOOlen'S Cenler Eat'"9 Concerns Peer Counselilg 
w • Psychological II Counseling ServICes. 

lIoncIIy, Februar; 2 
• Dept. of Sociology presenls Slanley Aronowilz. CUNY Graduale Cenler. and "COlI .. ' 
.-" '" 1M Technologlclf Revolution" Social Science Building. room 101 
aI 3:30pm. 

Thundly, FebruIry 5 

ff(ffffM~~rnrJ INo.caurae. 
TUIIdIy, FtbIlllIY 3 

• ..... vs. The Maslers. ~ilon Sladium. 2:30 pm. 
• "-" ........ vs. So Cal College. Rinac 7pm.Jones Soda SIOGrandChal. 
lengegame' 

Thur1cIIy, FebIUIry 5 
• __ ...... Polo vs. UC Berkeley . Canyon VIBW 6pm 

FridIy, FebMry 6 
• Iaer IIHtII UCSD's lirst ever Laser show. COOling 10 Price Center thealre al5 and 
7pm Tickels $1 i1 advance. $2 at the door. 
• ._ .. BIlk .... vs. UC Sanla Cruz. RIMAC. 7pm Jones Soda $10 Grand 
Challenge gamel 

• Wom.n'. W.I.r 
Polo· UCSD Invila· 
lional. Canyon View. 
NIDay 
SItIrdIy, FfbruIry 

7 
............. II1II 
vs. Pacific Chrisllan. 
RIMAC . 7pm Jones 
Soda $10 Grand Chal· 
lenge gamel 
• .DIII.II' ••• I.r 
,.fo· UCSD Invlta· 
tional. Canyon View. 

\«JAR'mIII;11 NI Day 
Sunday, FeIInIIry a 

• .h.t'. 
Lowe G.I 
To Do 
.llh In 
This coed 
discussion/ 
supporl 
group lor 
both gradu-
ale and un-
dergradu· 

• •••• n .... 111 IJ,IJ.!.I!.U4llU.IJwt:.z.;!!.!li!!.l.~~!III~!;lw!:'!'!:'..Ji~~:!!JtIJ Pol • • UCSD Invlla· 
ales sludents. focuses on ISSueS relaled 10 begmlO\l and mal1larnrng romantIC reta· 
looshlps Led by LlOda YOIJ1g Meels Mondays. 4 00 10 5 30p m. 1003 Galbraith Hal 
Starls January 12. 1998 Studenls should caU linoa. 534·3987. lor IOfOfmaloo and 10 
Sign up for !he group 
• Allln-AnIIrIcIll C-..Itr Fonn: This Informal drop·1O group IS desglBd 10 
address lhe concerns of Aslarv!'acllic Islander studenls al UCSD rl a SUPPOlllVe and 
probkJT1.soIvrl!I almosphere Issues such as career and academe success. family pres· 
sures. cuhlJlal idenlily. and relalionsh,ps are poSSIble 10piCS Feellree 10 brng your 
lunchl Led by Jeame Manese. 534-3035. Jdln Wu. 534·1579 Meels Frrdays 120010 
l30p m. Cross Cunural Cenler. 510 UC (neat OffICe of Grad Studies and VIS Arts 
Bldg ) 

lional. Canyon Vrew 
AlDay 

Ongoing 
• 1nt.,..led In !hi 111"- DIlle.? Come 10 learn. pracllCe or JUS! have flI1 
every Foday afternoon IrOOl 3·5pm rl lho North Balcony of lhe Malll G1f11 II's free· no 
eKperlerlCe or parlner required I 
• It leer (dmks. j you can! use beer) every Wednesday at Porler 's Pub 4-8 p m 
• look CINrlnc.' Over 9.000 academIC and scholarly books w~ be dlscOlllled 
75% al!he UCSD Bookslore SlarllOQ February 2 alB a m and Will conlM 011 !he books 
sellOIJI 

Monday, February 2, 1998 The UCSD Guardiar. 

The Editor's Soapbox 
Julia Kull ........ r 
Co-News Editor 
Editor Challenges The Notion of Subjectivity in Bias 

About a year ago, a friend told 
me she thoughl I was a biased 
reporter. 

When I asked her to further clar-
ify what she meant by thi s, she 
replied. "Your articles always have 
a particular point of view." 
Basically, she suggested thai I find 
another hobby. 

I don'l want to be biased. Just 
the word makes me cringe. Heck, 
I'd rather be accused of misquoting 
someone (which has never hap-
pened) than be labeled with a death 
sentence like the term "biased." 

When my friend told me this. I 
had just barely begun writing fo r 
the Guardian . For about a month , I 
was convinced that the only 
responsible thing to do would be to 
quit the paper and never write 
another article. Obviously, I 
changed my mind. 

Evemually. I decided that my 
friend's definition of bias was wrong. 
As a news editor, I have an obligation 
to make sure that both sides of an 
issue are represented in an article. 
However, I don't have a responsibili-
ty to make sure both sides are backed 
up with articulale quotes. 

If Joe Smith (hypotheti cal guy, 
not the basketball player) makes my 
ten-year-old brother sound like 
Madeleine Albright, I have no oblig-
arion to make hi s quotes read better. 

Moreover, it doesn' t mailer 
whether a reporter has an opinion 

on what they are writing about, as 
long as both sides of an issue are 
represented in Ihe eventual article. 

The news section can be quite 
dull. I have talked 10 more than a 
few people who think that the 
Guardian is much better suited for 
soaking up water spills than for 
reading. 

However, sometimes the paper 
can become more than a very big 
sponge. On an ideal day, the 
Guardian can help educate slu-
dents, faculty and staff on a partic-
ular issue or event. If all Ihe stars 
are in alignmenl, the paper can 
change how students view their 
campus and their world. 

But, in order for spectacular 
articles to grace our fronl page, we 
need people to write them. 

I've found thaI in order to write 
inleresting arti cles, you need to be 
interested in what you're writing. 
I'm not an expert on journalism, 
but I can tell a really good article 
from a really bad one. In my expe-
rience, reporters who care whal 
they' re writing about turn in 
longer. more thought-provoking 
articles. 

Looking back, r think my friend 
was wrong to equate articles that 
have "a particular point of view" 
with bad journalism. However, if 
what she said was completely 
wrong, r don't think I would sti II be 
thinking about it today. 

I think I do sometimes go too far 
- but not in the ways you mighl 
think. 

rand Ihe rest of the news section 
tend to be biased toward covering 
events that are easy to find mean-
ing: if someone drops off a press 
release at the Guardian or e-mails 
news@ucsd.edu and asks us to 
send a reporter to an event, we will 
probably oblige. 

Unfortunately, the result of this 
policy is Ihal we tend to publish a 
lot of articles about activities held 
by the same few groups. In order 
to change. we need your help. As 
readers, you have two options. 

One easy, yet very effecti ve, 
method of helping rid our seclion 
of "bias" is by talking to us. Pick 
up your phone and call me or Co-
News Ed itor Rya n Ol son. 
Associate Editor Leena Shankar or 
Editorial Assistant Erika Snider at 
534-5226. Please call when you 
want evenls covered. or you feel 
that we aren't covering an issue 
properly. 

The other option is to wrile for 
u . If you want to make sure that 
your "parlicular point of view" is 
covered in the paper, become a 
Guardian reponer. 

As I said earlier, I don ' t wanl to 
be biased so please help me and the 
news section. The Guardian should 
represenl all students, not just the 
students our staff contacts. 

REGISTERED UNDERGRADS 
"(OVER YOUR BOD" WITH 

SICKNESS AND 
ACCIDENT 

INSURANCE 
~.'" l"l' • U - ," :~. ~ -;' ~-. ,- ". ~t.'I' -,j ('" !' 

- •. r' I . 
. .... 

ENROLLING NOW 
Information and applications are available at 

Student Health Service • 0039 • 534·2123 

~ye Allergies? 

Scripps Clinic, Division of Opthamology is conducting a research tudy for 
itchy, watery eye . Participants must be: 

• 18 years of age or older 
• Allergic to cats, weeds or grass 

Participants need not be experiencing symptoms now. 
Qualified volunteers will be paid . 

Call the Study Coordinator, at 619 554·9604. 

~ ~RIPPS CLINIC 
Cari"gjor So" Drego i"ce 1914 

DREAMS: 
Freud researched 
meanings of dreams 
ContInued fro. ..... 7 

The Dream Interpreration 
Primer, by Duncan Barford. pro-
vides a Iborough introduction to 
Freud's basic theories of dream-
ing. 

"Freud's .hypothesis regarding 
dreams was; 'a dream is an 
allempt at the disguised fulfill -
ment of a repressed wish, '" 
Barford wrote. "Freud argues that 
dreams have a meaning, but, 
because they belong to a different 
state of consciousness, they must 
be translated into the waking con-
sciousness in order to be under-
stood. 

"Once a dream has been 
decoded, it is seen 10 share Ihe 
common characteristic of all 
dreams: a dream is a di sguised 
fulfillment of a repressed wish," 
Barford continued. 

The wishes of the conscious 
adult, however, obviously differ 
from the so-called "wishes" thai 
Freud claims appear within Ihe 
sleeping world. While the aver-
age adult might long for happi-
ness, companionship, a raise or a 
Irip to Jamaica, their dreams 
rarely conlain such simple ideas 
and events. 

Instead. explains Barford, 
Ihese goals and wi shes are often 
di sguised in the bizarre events of 
a dream. 

"Individual desires sometimes 
run into connicl with the grown 
up. responsible part of the mind," 
Barford writes. "In thi s case, the 

FEATIJRES 9 

unconscious wish will have to be 
distorted if il is to find expres-
sion." 

Increased social pressures 
faced by adults are a probable 
cause of this distortion. 

"(Children's] minds are less 
affected by social condilioning 
which would infonn them as 10 
which kinds of wishes are and are 
not acceptable" Barford wrote. 
"Consequently, the wishes 
expressed in their dreams require 
little if any distortion in order to 
find their way into conscious-
ness." 

Skeptics still find flaws in 
Freud's hypothesis that all dreams 
represent, in some way, the 
repressed wishes of the dreamer. 
How then, they asked, could 
Freud explain nightmares? 
Certainly, no one wishes to be 
robbed, hurt or frightened as they 
are within Iheir nightmares. More 
importanlly, it seemed illogical 
Ihat a "repressed" wish would 
appear in the fonn of an allacker, 
car wreck or other Iraumatic 
event. 

In response to these chal-
lenges, Freud categorized such 
nightmarish dreams into three 
groups anxiely dreams, punish-
ment dreams and trauma dreams ' 
and accounted for Ihem within his 
final hypothesis. 

Barford summarizes these 
final theories in his Dream 
Inrerpreralion Primer. 

"Anxiety dreams are those in 
which we experience anxiety, and 
perhaps wake up as a result," 
Barford wrote. "Freud argues that 
in these cases the dream fails in 

See DREAMS, Page 10 



10 FEAnJRES 

Arena 
What is your opinion of 
the Clinton sex' scandal? 
Interviews by Marc Comer 
Photography by Monlka Kobylecka 

"] don ' t want to say that 
it's okay for him to have an 
affair, but it's been com-
pletely blown out of pro-
portion. It's sorry to see 
that we' re so concerned 
about who the pre ident's 
sleeping with rather than 
national security and stuff 
I ike that. " 

Eric Wood 
Muir Junior 

"] think it 's good that it 
shows that the president is 
not above the law, that he 
can 't escape it. But at the 
same time, it bothers me 
that they're using it as a dis-
traction. People till need to 
trust in what he is, a presi-
dent,. until his term is up, 
and not judge him yet." 

Rebekah McGirk 
Marshall Freshman 

"I think it 's nonsense 
that we' re hav ing to worry 
about Cl inton's own per-
sonal life. That's his mat-
ter. He's still a great presi-
dent. He's foclIsed on the 
benefits of our country. 1 
think the U.S. should just 
forget all the side things 
goi ng on." 

Shon Sidransky 
Warren Senior 

HI think if you heard the 
State of the Union, he's 
done a pretty a good job 
with all his programs. [ 
think the scandal is just to 
jeopardize him. That's his 
personal stuff. I dan ', think 
people should really make a 
big deal out of Paula Jones 
and Monica Lewinsky." 

Kayl88n Kawaguchi 
Muir Senior 

"] think that people are 
making judgments before 
we know aU the informa-
t.ion. We' re supposed to be 
innocent until proven 
guilty, but it seems like the 
other way around. It seems 
like he's guilty until they 
find something to prove 
that he's not." 

___ Cole 
Muir Sophomore 

The UCSD Guardian 

DREAMS: 
Nightmares express 
repressed wishes 
Continued from ..... 
its function as the preserver of 
leep. The unconscious wish is too 

strong for the pan of the mind 
whieh censors it, and it forces its 
way into consciousness regardless. 
The dream is still the expression of 
an unconscious wish, but a wish 
which is distressi ng to the con-
scious mind. 

"Punishment dreams are dreams 
which, once interpreted, uncover 
an unconscious wish against the 
interests of the dreamer - e.g. a 
wish to fai l or to be hurt," Barford 
said. 

Barford writes about Freud 's 
theory, stati ng that these pun ish-
ment dreams are manifestations of 
parts of our individual psyche th at 
repre!'ent external authorit y. 
Therefore the dream is the wish of 
the super-ego, rather than the 
dreamer's ego. 

"Trauma dreams presented a 
greater challenge to psychoanaly-
sis," Barford said. "After the beg in-
ning of World War I. psychoana-
lysts were confron ted wi th cases of 
injured or shell-shocked so ldiers 
who wo uld have undistorted 
dreams of the trauma they had 
ex perienced, again and again in a 
completely unall ered form. 

"Freud theori zed a mechanism 
in the unconscious even more 
primiti ve then wish-fulfillmcnt. He 
called it compulsion to repcat. Its 
function is to repeat an experience 
agai n and again, so that the mind 
might altempt to master it , and take 
it in ... Trauma dreams, thereforc 
were seen as an attcmpt by the 
mind to come to terms wit h an 
expcrience in an elTon to master or 
understand it. " 

After Frcud, many psycholo-
gi sts began to stu dy the uncon-

SOME DAY, 
. WHEI\i . Y()U'RE ···· 
LIVING IN A 
SMALb AFRICAN 
\V 'IJ(LAG·E :~ 
STlJ.J.,lYING ll"f~ 

, NOMADIC. WAYS 
Of :,;';SMALL 

sc ious state, Carl Jung (1875-
1961 ) had theories which differed 
slightly from Freud's. He argued 
that while dreams do depend on 
the unconscious devices Freud 
described, they also are influenced 
by a second level of unconscious-
ness - the "collecti ve" uncon-
scious. 

The co ll ec tive unconsc ious 
rcfl ects how indi viduals interact 
with and comprehend their envi-
ronment. lL is largely determined 
by geneti cs. but also by one's 
upbringing and indi vidual com-
plexes. These facto rs, in turn , influ-
ence the content of our dreams, 
lung believed. 

"Dreams have a tendency to 
compensate for one-sided attitudes 
adopted by the conscious ego." 
Barfo rd sa id. "The unexpressed 
aspects of the archetypes wi ll find 
other means of express ion, lung 
suggests. One of these ways is 
thro ugh dreams." 

Despite the debates over the 
exact methods of dream interpre-
tatio n, common ground ex ists in 
the fac t that dreams are a window 
into a di fferent side of onesel f, 
and oft en refl ec t the repressed 
wishes. ideas. hopes and fea rs 
that wo uld be out of place wi th in 
our practica l, wa king conscious-
ness. 

As for the exact meaning of any 
dream - it seems safe to say that 
for now, its interpreta tion wil l 
remain up to each person, and their 
know ledge of themselves. 

But , some organizations arc sti II 
wi ll ing to he lp you wi th the 
weig hty task of interpreting your 
dreams. 

Barford provides a "dream dic-
tionary" . that supposedl y can 
decode the meaning of va ri ous 
objec ts that appear wi thin dreams. 

Here is just a sampling of some 
of their theories. 

Airplane 
If you arc a passenger in a plane 

Monday, February 2, 1998 

you may be subconsciously think-' 
ing about someone who is far away 
and that you wish to get in touch 
with. 

Alcohol 
Drinking alcohol in moderation 

or at a celebration suggests that you 
are fee ling good about the deci-
sions that you have made and you 
arc counting on future success. 
However, if you are drink ing 
excess ively and feel intoxicated in 
your dreams, it suggests that you 
may have negati ve feelings about 
yourself and fear being di scovered 
for who you really are. 

Attack 
If you are being altacked then 

maybe you are fee ling somewhat 
vulnerable in some area of your 
dai ly life. If you are doing the 
attacking, it may be thaL you are 
releasing some of your frustrations 
and anger. You may be expressing 
negative feelings in ways that you 
are unable to do in daily Ii fe. 

Baby 
If the baby is beautiful you 

experience new happiness and feel-
ings of security. An ugly baby sug-
gests that you may not be trusting 
your friends and may be concerned 
about their motives. Sick babies 
ind ica te difficult timcs in your 
immediate futu re. If the baby is 
walking you may experience new 
independence, but if you loose the 

.baby th rough the plug hole while 
bathing, you may have a fear of not 
bei ng able to li ve up to your expec-
tations. 

Chase 
Folklore interpretations say that 

if you are looking at a chase or par-
ticipating in it, you will have a 
comfortable old age. 

Coffin 
This could sy mbolize a lack of 

energy or vi tality in the dreamer. 
Most likely, the coffi n in your 
dreams may repre~cn t fee lings of 
confinement and lack of freedom. 

See DREAMS, Page 11 

Monday, February 2, 1998 

DREAMS: 
. Dictionary decodes 
your dreams 
Continued from page 10 

De.h 
If you are the dead person in 

your dream it suggests that you 
would like to leave all of your 
worri es and struggles behind and 
stan anew. Dreaming about some-
one else dying may express your 
fear about losing that indi vidual 
and having to live yo ur life with-
out him or her. Dreaming that 
your parents die may express fea r 
of losing them, but it al so may be 
an unconscious valve through 
which you release anger and other 
negative feelings about them. 

Drowning 
The unconscious is suggesting 

to the dreamer that he is over-
whelmed by unresolved emotion, 
old issues or a current crisis in his 
life. 

Elev.or 
Going up and down in the ele-

vator may symbolize going from 
one state of consciousness to 
another. Some be lieve that the ele-
vator may be a symbol of a boring 
and mechanical sex life . On a more 
pragmatic note, the elevator may 
simply represent the "ups and 
downs" of life. 

Falling 
Thi s is a com mon dream which 

usually represen ts underlying 
fears and feelings of inadequacy 
and helplessness. The prophetic 
meaning: if you fall a long dis-
tance and get hun, be prepared for 
really hard times ahead, bu t if yo u 
fa ll and do not get injured, your 
upsets will be minor and tempo-
ra ry. 

Intruder 
The intruder may be a ~ymbol of 

your guilt and ~e lf- indulgent aui -
tudes or heha viors . 

GUARDIAN 
Advertisers, set your sights 

§lt~ Qj6Jae 
f .9 .9 8 

The UCSD Guardian FEATIJRES II 

KI .. 
Traditional interpretations say 

that if you are kissing strangers 
you may have a need to conquest. 
If the kissing is insincere. you are 
pretentious, and if you see your 
panner kissing someone else, you 
may be afraid of infidelity. 

Psycho Therapy 
A Discussion of Public Nudity: 
First in A Two-Part Series 

Moum.ln 
Some say that the mountain 

may represent spirituality and all 
the lessons awaiting you. Others 
say it represents mental develop-
ment and awareness. 

By Mary Higgins Senior Staff Writer 
"Not A Licensed Therapist" 

Nalls 
If you are hammering, you may 

be expressing violent feelings or 
reflecting on hard work and honor 
(depending on the content). A man 
may be expressing some repressed 
anxiety about sexual potency and a 
woman may be express ing her 
unconscious abhorrence of sex. 

Quick ...... 
You may be experiencing feel-

ings of helplessness and an inabili -
ty to get out of a situation in your 
dail y life. 

, .. th 
Teeth usually symboli ze pqwer 

and/or cont ro l. Look and see if 
you are losing or abusing po wer 
and control in your life. Old dream 
interpretaLions say that dreami ng 
about teeth is a bad omen or fina n-
cial diffic ult ies. 

Volc:ano 
If you arc dreaming about an 

erupting volcano, you may be har-
boring <lnd building up many nega-
tive emotions . In older dream inLer-
pretation books, pouring lava is a 
warning about poor hca lth . 

Water 
Large bodies of water usually 

repre,cnt our unconscious minds or 
soul experiences. Water symbolizes 
emotions (rough. smooth, clear, 
murky. ctc.) . Freud thought that 
since fluids arc involved in sexual 
activities. at timcs water in uur 
dreams has sexual connotations. 

Four years ago [ took my fi rst 
hike down to Black's Beach and 
was accidentally introduced to the 
world of public nudity. 

It probably would have 
shocked me at the time, if ] had 
had the nerve to take a look 
around. I don 't know if I was 
afraid of seeing someone in the 
nude (or worse, someone that ] 
knew), but I politely kept my eyes 
glued to the sand in fro nt of me. 

In general, Black's Beach is 
really a beautiful place to be: 
remote, clean and in view of some 
of the best surfing San Diego has 
to offer. I'd rather be at Black's 
than at the crowded shores of 
downtown La Jolla. 

So, throughout the years. the 
"nakcd peoplc" havc lurked in thc 
corner of my vision. Honestly, 
they have never bothered me that 
much. My experiences at Black 's 
have even becn amusi ng at times. 

For examp le, last year during 
President 's Day weekend, a guy 
pal oI' mine and I hiked down to 
Black 's. We waded in the surf 
behind another beach-goer will> 
was clad in shoes, soeks, a back-
pack and nothing elsc. 

"Hee-hee, look at that!" I 
snickered. 

"I' m trying not to," Illy friend 
replied , looking vcry uncomfo/1 -
ab le. 

If the hare derriere in front of 
us embarrasscd him, then I can ' t 

FREE 
COPIES 

Present this coupon with your student ID 
and receive (I) Free Copy Card witb J3 

copies lor sell-serve use. 

OfTer valid lor self-serve coptes, 8.S x 11 ~ white bond. Expires Feburary 28, 1998. AIJ~ ." 
O"'~"'''''''''''pl_. ~~ 

Costa Verde Shopping Center I UTC -

oPt'. '\ 24 lIot RS 

8650 Genesee Ave., Ste Il2OO (619) 457-9500 San Diego, CA 92122 

I don't know If I 
was afraid of 
seeing someone In 
the nude (or worse, 
someone that I 
knew), but I 
polHely kept my 
eyes glued to the 
sand In front of me. 
imag ine how he must have fell 
when we stumbled across the co-
ed naked volleyball tournament 
down the beach. 

I was fairl y shocked myself. ] 
thought "co-ed naked spons" was 
just a phrase on the back of a Big 
10hl1'on T-shirt. 

I didn' t exactly stand there'and 
pi nt , but I can't claim I was the 
picture of maturity, ei ther. As two 
of the vo lleyba ll playe rs coll ided, 
I said loudly, " I het he wishes he 
was wearing a cup!" 

My friend grimaced and 
lookcd away. 

I' m not a prude, I'Ill really not. 
I have the utmost appreciation for 
the human body. I wish I could ,ay 
that it was a beautiful sigh t to 
watch these human beings in a 
primi tive competiti on of athleti-
cism. 

There is not hing more bcauti -
ful than the muscu lar prowess of 
an Olympic swimmer CU lling 

through the water, and it 's not as if 
swimmers are particularly modest 
creatures. However, [ have trouble 
reconciling the image of Pablo 
Morales in a Speedo and Mr. 
Black's Beach 1998. 

Why does Black's bother me 
so much? Let me count the ways. 

First of all, I don't want to 
hear any crap about this being our 
natural state. Human beings may 
be born naked, but there is a rea-
son that spons bras and jock 
straps were invented. A certain 
comfort factor is involved, and it 
is related to high-impact sports 
and gravity. 

Second, while nudity is not 
necessarily disturbing in itse lf, 
there is someth ing deeply upset-
ting about a Illan or a woman who 
is only wearing a T-shin. 

Is it a sudden impulse of mod~ 
esty that compels them to conceal 
everything from the belly- bullon 
on up? Are these people trying to 
protect themselvcs from a chilly, 
olT-shore breeze or arc they 
allcmpt ing to shield their delicate 
,:olllplexions from the deleterious 
effects of UV Rays? 

I' ve come to the conclusion 
that the naked people at Black's 
are not normal. Here's where I get 
to the point. 

Check back lIext week for fu r. 
tiler discussiolls of Blach ' Beacll , 
lIf1dity, alld ill terestillg alterca· 
tions. 

ATTENTION ACTORS: 
HOLLYWOOD COMES TO LA JOLLA 
Hollywood Casting Director Clair Sinnett comes 

to La Jolla for her powerful 2-day workshop 
"How to get jobs in Hollywood." 

All attendees will have the opportunity to 
audition for her current project: feature 

film "The Christmas Camel." 
For details call (619)454,,2874 

Think These Pieces Can't Fit Together? 

ration for prepa d SchOO'. top Gra , work Meanln atlon In Educ 
~r--t--l 

FOI more InfomuItIon conflICt Score, 
• unit of the WnhllllfOll Pott Co.: 

1-80049-SCORE 
www.score.I ...... an.com 

"My three yeatS at Score provided me with 
the perfect training ground for business 
school. I couldn't have asked 
for a better opportunity. " 
Ben Besler, Harvard Business School '99 

Think again. 
Apply to Score. 
It's a perfect fit. 

pre..Screen Resume Drop Date: 
February 9, 1998 



12 CLASSIFIEDS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Interviewing Techniques. Feb. 5, 
1998 3-4:SOpm. Price Ctr. San FrarV 
Santa Cruz Rm. Learn how to plan 
for and conduct an effective interview. 
Sponsored by Student Organization 
and Leadership Opportunities. For 
more info call: 534-0501 . (1/29-212) 

FLY CHEAP!! 
* ROUHD TRIP COURIER FARES. 

$285 Mexico SI50 Hong Kong $389 
ChInI S360 s,-., S520 ..,.011 $370 

AIR COURIER INTERNATIONAL 
1-800-298-1230 24 hr 

The Episcopal Student Association 
meets every Wednesday from 5:00-
6:30 p.m. in the International Student 
Center Conference Room for 
communion, Christian dicussion, and 
free dinner. Students, faculty. and 
staff welcome. Call 534-6549 for 
information. (2/2) 
The UC San Diego Early Childhood 
Education Center announces the ' 
sponsorship of the Child Care Food 
Program. All Children in attendance 
will be offered the same meals at no 
separate charge with no physical 

The UCSD Guardian 

CLASSIFIEDS 
TIle UCSD GuerdllJn reseIVes the right to classify, edit , delete offensive words and 
phrases, andlor reluse any and all advertIsements without prior notilication . The Advertiser 
will no1 hold the GuarrJilln liable lor any claims resuhlng from the publication of the 
advertisement. The publisher will afso not be held accountable for any claim from an 
agreement made between the advertlsar and tha consumer. 
Copy should ba revlewad by the advertiser lor arrors. In order to ba corrected In the na.t 
,egula, lsaue. all erro,s must be ,eponed by the corresponding deadline. Credit will only 
be given for the Incorrect portion of the advartisemant. There .re no refunds for cancellations. 
PIe_ .. net .11 corre.pondence regardln9 CI .... 'Ied. to: 
UCSD GuardIan. Ann: Cla .. nfed •• 8500 Gilman Drive 10316. L. Jolla. CA 1f20N. 
Actual location: Studant Center A. Room 217. 

segregation of or otherdiscrimination 
against any child because of race, 
color, national origin. age. sex, or 
disability. "The Child Care food 
Program is available without charge 
to all eligible participants. If you 
believe you have been discriminated 
against because of race. color. 
national origin. age. sex or disability. 
write immediately to Administrator. 
Food and Nutrition Service, 3101 
Park Center Drive. Alexandria, VA 
22302." For more information, 
contact: UCSD Early Childhood 
Education Center; 9500 Gilman 
Drive.0962; La Jolla, CA 92093-0962; 

(619) 534'2768. (2/2) 

Come visit us at our website: 
www.collegeworks.com 

COM .... eeting. This Wed. 2/4 0 
6:30pm 0 MTF273 Med. School. 
Topic: Careers in research given by 
Dr. Yu #678-0076. (2/2) 
Valentines giftl Name a star for 
your sweetheart. $39 The Celestial 
Co. For details call 800-701-7201 . 

Classified Line 
Ad Rates 

Studenta: $21* 20 worda 
Faculty. Staff: $3 1* 20 worda 

AN othera: $41* 20 word, 
Advance payment Is required. 

Classified Display 
Ad Rates 

$9.00 per column Inch 
Deadlines: 

Publication Dol. DIIpJa, Ada Una Ada 

(2/2-2/5) 

NO«! ThurL 3 pm ThurL 
NO«! lion. 3 pm lion. 

Mr. Fred Korematsu. Japanese 
Internment activist and Medal of 
Freedom Recipient will speak. 
Introduced by Peter Irons. Free. Wed. 
Feb. 5 0 CCC 3:00pm. Presented 
by Hewlett Diversity and Unity Fund 
534-4390. (212) 

EMPLOYMENT 
Jewish American subjects 
reimbursed for interview. If you are a 
UCSD student. 21-25. call 552-8585 
x4185 for more information.(1/12-61 
4) 

GUAROW; §2J~ C?}JM«3 THURS. FEB. 12 BACK TO SCHOOL lOBS! tOCQJ eo __ s posilions for outgoing apotIHIIIndId fndivtclOQl.. Id4lCllIor sluclenll. WlHlnglo work around your 
schoof schedule. We oller paid training, 

flex . hours, SlO/hr t bon_. WRITE YOUR OWN FREE VALENTINE PERSONAL HERE, AND 
BRING IT TO OUR OFFICE, UPSTAIRS ABOVE THE STUDENT 
CENTER. WE'LL PUBLISH IT FOR FREE! LIMIT: 20 WORDS 

Call 619-587-2829 

Camp Wayne-(sister half of brother/ 
s i ster camp. Northeastern 
Pennsylvania. 6/20-8/18/98) . Have 
the most memorable summer of 
your IIfel Directors needed for 
Drama . Camping / Nature , 
Cheerleading and Golf. Counselors 
for: Tennis. Golf. Gymnastics. Team 
Sports . Low Ropes. Batik. 
Calligraphy. Sculpture. Drawing/ 
Painting. Photography, Ceramics. 
Guitar. Silk-Screening, Swimming 
(WSI Preferred). Sailing, Waterskiing. 
Dance, Aerobics and Piano. Other 
staff: DriverNideo, Head Chef and 
Assistant . Housekeeping. Night 
Watchperson . On Campus 
Interviews February 17th. Call 1-
800-279-3019 for information. (1/ 
15-2/12) 
Tutors Needed , K-12 . Various 
subjects. Prior experience helpful. 
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ $12-15/hr. Call Bill (760) 931-5410 

Brown Eyes to Blue, Green, Hazel 

F RE E* ~~;~~"~~!~~,~"~t~!~~!S WJ Fresh Look Color Lenses. pi to 6.00. 
EXTENDED WEAR 

$89** $99** $129** 
COMPLETE 2PAIR B&LFW COMPLETE 

" All.pe"ol. include len ••• , exom, eyecore k,' and follow up '1111 A.ilgmollC len ••• h'gh.r. 
Nol .ofid With any other all., OIlOllupi, •• 2/15/98 

ROBERT HElLER, 0_0_ • STEVEN TAYMAN, 0_0_ 
COSTA VERDE CENTER FASHION VALLEY CENTER 

8650 GENESEE AVE, STE . 220 (619)452"7374 
NEAl SAKS f ifTH AVEN UE (619)295-0537 

Monday, February 2, J 998 

"1)le Buddy System" (lflO-2112) 
EXCEPTIONAL SUMMER 
OPPORTUNITY-Camp Wayne. NE 
PA (3hrsINYC)-Sports oriented, 
CounselorlSpecialists for all Landi 
Water Sports incl. Tennis, C$mping, 
Climbing/Ropes. Mountain Biking. 
Rocketry. Roller Hockey, Sailing/ 
Water Skiing. A & C. Drama. Radio, 
Video. Campus Interviews Wed .• 
April8. Please call 1-888-737-9296 
or 516-883-3067. Leave your name. 
phone number and mailing address. 
(1/22-412) 

RESTAURANT 

HOST/HOSTESS 
Part-time, full time, lunch/dinner, 

experienced, responsible, 
w/slrong communication skills 

for professional dining 
atmosphere . 

Apply in person: 
Mon.-Fri., 2-5 rm, 

TunOMAR 
4365 Executive Dr., S.D. 

-tutto·mare' 
La Jolla Playhouse is now hiring box 
office staff and box office supervisors. 
For more information call 550-1010. 
(1/26-2/12) 
Promotions Booth Representative. 
Requires travel throughout the San 
Diego area. Nights/Weekends . 
-Flexible attitude. ability to work in 
varied conditions and a drug test are 
required . Duties include: staffing new 
car giveaway display booth at malls. 
home shows. and other events . 
promoting a positive image by being 
friendly to all show promotors . 
customers. and the public; keeping 
booth and display area neat at all 
times; learning basic contest rules. 
and answering general questions 
regarding the giveaway. $7/hr. with 
the later possibility of commission. 
10-25 hours/wk. , mainly Thurs. -Sun. 
If interested call Peter at Trendwest 
Resorts Inc. at 1-800-214-4303. (1/ 
26-2/9) 

. 

i' $9 
112- $18 
1 ~ 3- $27 

-$36 

Part-time work available at Deli/ 
Bakery in Del Mar. Friendly people 
apply with in . O'Briens Boulangerie 
262.!Del Mar Heights Rd. (1/29-2/5) 
Join our team- East Of.... An Austral 
Mediterranean Cafe: Counter/Food 
Production in an up-beat atmosphere. 
Close to campus in Carmel Valley. 
Morning/lunch shifts. Please call 

Monday. February 2. 1998 

(619) 259-3278. We will work with 
your schedule. (1129-219)' 
Hanny Wlnted Nanny with 
educ:.tional background in child 
dev., educ_ or psych_ needed to 
care for infant in Del Mar aral_ 30 
to 40 hrs per wk. Exp_ nec, 619-
481-5440. (1/29-2/5) 
PART-TIME APPT. SETIER 

UP TO $15-$25 PER HOUR 
Salary/Comm/Bonus 

PT dllysleve:s/Fortune: 500 Security Co. 
Miramar area 

Call 619/566-5700 

Researcher Needed! Looking for 
someone to generate list of names. 
Call Chris Wood @ Dean Witter 643-
5080. (2/2) 
Need strong worker. Garden. move 
shrubs etc: part-time$8/hour- Prefer 
experience. Leave name and Tel # 
645-8682. (212-2/5) 
Help Wanted : Postal Annex: Part-
time position available for mornings. 
some aftemoons. Please call 350-
1274. ask for Karen or John. (2/2-9) 

ROOMMATES 
MISSION BEACH/PACIFIC BEACH: 
Graduate student looking for nice 
bedroom for rent . February 1-August 
31 . Non-smoker. Call : (617) 469-
0193. (1/12-2/5) 
Just 2 blocks from UCSD. Share 
1 MBR 1 BA. condo. $200 M. Pref. 
760-335-0114 ,619-556.-0259. (2/2-
5)_ 
Roommate wanted to share 2BD/ 
1 BA apt. PB located close to 1-5. Pool 
and private deck included. 350/mos 
+ 1/2 util. 273-5633. (2/2) 
Roommate wanted to share house in 
N. Pacific Beach. Own Bedroom. 
ocean view, 10 minutes from UCSD. 
$450/mo. + utilities. (619) 488-5635. 
(2/2-5) 
Roommate wanted 340 month ly 
(female) Call Susana 587-6767. (2/ 
2) 

FOR RENT 
OWN YOUR OWN HOME. save rent 
$. Condos $100 ,000+ . Homes 
$200.000+. Special savings UCSD 
staff/students . Area expert , 20 years 
experience. RE/MAX COASTAL 
Judith Haddox. 274-4477. (10/6-3/ 
12) 
La Jolla Village Townhouse. 
Responsible graduate student. (M/ 
F) . long-term. no smoking. Pool , 
jaccuzzi. $425 utilities included! CALL 
MARK 453-3120. (1/29-2/2) 
Room Available. La Regencia Apts .. 
La Jolla. Own room. share bath with 
1 person. Available spring quarter 
move in March 21 . $485/mo + 1/3 
util ities. 625-9232. (2/2-5) 
Beautiful house in UC , 5 min. from 
campus. 3 bed/2 ba. 2 car garage. 
Pertect for students. Call Nasrin . 450-
21OOx3~(2/2-9) 

FOR SALE 
190 K2 Skis for sale. Barely used call 
552- 11 42. $225 o.b.o. (1/29-215) 
MAC CLASSIC II. Rarely used . 
Excellent con dition. Word/Excel . 
more. can be insured. $275 o.b.o. 
Comes w/Hewlett-Packard printer. 

t~1. 528-0462. (1/29-2/2) 
Beautiful white couch/sofa bed with 
multi-colored pillows. great condition. 
$225/obo Call Christine at455-6595. 
(212-5) 
SO NY . PLAYSTATION perfect 
condition playstalion, 2 controllers. 1 
memory card 'plus 8 games' $225 
o.b.o Call (619) 794-8601. (212 -9) 

RAMAVANA PAINTING $65; 
BUDDIST MANDALA $75; AGATS, 
IRIANJAYA WOOD CARVING $50. 
454-6706. (212) 
Surfboards 6'1" arrow. 6'4" Rashe 
(FCS) and 6'3" (FCS) superchelp 
also Oneill 313 heat $85 Call Sander 
638-9330. (2/2) 

VV ANT E 0 
EGG DONORS NEEDEDI Have you 
considered helping an infertile 
couple's drelm come true? If 
you're 21-30 years and willing to 
help, please call OPTIONS at (800) 
886-9373 . All races needed . 
Compensation $3,500. (1/5-3112) 

~~~~~~ 
~WoMENWHO ~ 
~ ARE PROUD ~ 
~ of their heritage, you ~ 
; may be eligible to be an ; 

~ egg donor if you are ~ 
~ 21-28 years , healthy, ~ 
~ responsible . ~ 

~ Call Jessica, FFC ~ 
~ 619-581-1820 ~ 
~ GENEROUS ' ~ 
~ COMPENSATION ~ 

~ Asian donors needed ~ 
~~~~~~ 
Males and females paid $30.00 for 
interview. If you are of Japanese. 
Chinese. orKorean descent. call VA, 
552-8585 x21 82. (1/5-3/12) 
Mother ' s He lper Tuesday to 
Thursday. 5-7pm. La Jolla, must cook 
and have a car. $6 per/hour. 638-
0096. (1 /29_-2_/2-<.) _ _ _ 

EGG DONORS 
WANTED 

If you are a healthy female 
between the ages of 1,9 and 30 

and have health insurance. 
Compensation $3,500. 

Call Mirna Navas at 
(310) 829-6782 

for more info. 

Healthy men and women for 
eyeblink studies. 18-50. drug-free. 
Monetar y compensation. 
UCSDMC,Hillcrest. Call Pattie at 543-
2314. (2/2-3/9) 

The UCSD Guardian 

Aquarium Technician: Maintaining 
residential/commercial aquarium 
systems. Flexible hours. (619) 970-
1483. (2/2-26) 
Music Industry Internship : 
Seeking street marketing reps in San _ 
Diego who love alternative/rock 
music. 10-20hrslwk. working directly 
w/record stores, lifestyle stores. 
colleges. artists . Call 1-888-733-
2687. (212-12) 
PART -TIME HELP WANTED 
outdoorposterdistributers wanted to 
hang advertising displays promoting 
movies. album releases and concerts 
in the greater San Diego area. Must 
be responsible and dependable. Own 
truck/car. Flexible schedule, good 
pay. Call 1-800-247-3856 and ask 
for Rod (ext. 16) (2/2-5) 

SERVICES 
Psychotherapy: Individual and 
couples therapy, in a supportive and 
caring environment. to help you deal 
with Personal. Family & School 
Pressures. Relationship Issues, 
Depression . Loss . Anxiety . 
Pregnancy. Self Esteem. Motivation, 
Career Issues. etc. Laurie Kolt, Ph.D .• 
Psychologist (Lic#PSY8556). La Jolla 
456·2005.(2/2) 

Come visit us at our website: 
www.collegeworks.com 

PSYCHOTHERAPY. Become 
better able to cope with life's 
stresses, Identify and overcome 
obstacles to academic 

STUDY 
ABROAD 

Semester, Summer 
and Year Programs 

Spain • Ecuador 
france • Mui(o 
(os to Ri(a • (hile 

achievement. Help with mood 
difficulties, Inxlety, Identity 
issues, relationship problems. 
Supportive. caring approach. Close 
to campus . Reduced fees for 
students. Carol Randolph, PhD. 
(PSY15060) 61&-899 8484, (1/20-3/ 
30) 

Affordable resumes & curriculum 
vitaes. 453-0694 before 5pm. or 
e-mail dreadpiralelizzy@msn.com 

SPEED-READING classes starting 
weekly. Professional . patented 
program-guaranteed. Priced for 
college students. La Jolla 454-4384 
ext. 223 Del Mar 481 -3640. (2/2-12) 
PEEPERS! Eye exam and complete 
pair of glasses-only $99. 10 minutes 
from UCSD. Dr. Selby 0 .0. 578-
6796. (1/12-3/12) 
CONTACTS-Exam. fitting , follow-up. 
one pair DW soft contacts- only $89. 
Ask about our incredible colored lens 
offer. DrSelbyO.D. 578-6796. (1/12-
3/12) 

CLASSIFIPDS 13 

WE'RE LOOKING FOR A FEW 
GOOD SPERM. All races needed. 
Donors must be 20-38 years. 
Compensation $50 per acceptable 
donation. Call OPTIONS (800) 886-
9373. (212-614) 
TYPING- wm type student papers. 
$2.25 perpage. Resumes and letters 
$25.00 per hr. Call Vicky. 483-3478. 
evenin s and weekends. 212-215) 

PERSONALS 
Coming Feb. 12th-The 
Guardian'S Valentine Issuel Once 
again. our "Valentine Personals· are 
published FREE! Fill out a form at the 
Guardian office, upstairs. Student 
Center above the General Store. (1/ 
29-2/9) 
The Tonight Show with Jay Leno just 
reached No.1 ,Ooo ... notthe 1000th 
show. the 1.000th stale joke about 
the President and the intern. (212) 
Now there's political maneuvering 
afoot to take back the smoking ban in 
California bars. Wow! They took 
another look and found that second 
hand smoke is actually OK? Gofigure. 
(2/2) 

II"MAlL BOXES ETC' 
Making Business Easier, Worldwide, 

• Binding • Word Proce sing 
& Lamin~tin g • Packaging Materials 

• Color Copie • Mail Receiving 
• Fax • Notary 
• UPS • FcdEx 

Special Copy Savings 
Save money on every copy 

you make with MB E's 
Pre-Paid Copy Carel. Be 
sure to ask for yours the 

next lime you visit. 

-. 

7770 Regents Road. #1 13 
San Diego. CA 92 122 

Ph. 453-733 I Fax. 453-7335 
Mon.-Fri. 8-7 Sal. 9-5 Sun. 11 -5 

SH()\\ \ III R S 1\ III \ I IIHOI{ \ 
lO t;'c DISrOlll\T 

The Sunshine Store 

Valentine's Day 

FILM SPECIAL 
FEB 2-14, 1998 

Receive a Valentine's 
"sweet" with every roll 

of color print film left for 
develop & print processing. 

APS film OK, but please .... no 
Black & White film with this offer. 



14 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian 

Tritons Open With Split. 
Against CSU Los Angeles 
FINISH STRONG: Head Coach Dan O' Brien got win #1 under his belt as 
his hardballers looked more impressive than the scoreboard showed 
By John Maynard 
Slaff Writer 

By fifth week, with the 
onslaught of midterms, there is 
usually lillie cause for ce lebration 
here in La Joll a. Perhaps the best 
thing to look forward to is sleeping 
in . This past weekend, however, 
was different. Along with the first-
ever Winterfes t, UCSD was also 
treated to Tri ton baseball's season-
opener -- a doubleheader against 
Cal State Los Angeles. 

Former Triton star Dan O' Brien 
made his head-coaching debut 
Saturday, as UCSD opened their 
1998 campaign against the. 
Division II Golden Eagles of CSU 
Los Angeles. O'Brien told the team 
not to concentrate on winning the 
whole game, but to go out, win the 
first inning and take the game one 
inning at a time. 

The Tritons finall y got on the 
board in the bottom of the third. 
Down by three runs at this point, it 
was time for somebody to step up. 

Senior outfie lder Geo rge 
Escanuelas answered the call as he 
tripled to ri ght center. Following 
Escanuelas was junior second base-
man Kennith Fluharty, whose sin-
gle notched UCSD's first RBI of 
the season. Senior shortstop Mark 
Mason capped off the third inning 
with a single, marking the second 
Triton run of game one. 

After holding the Golden Eagles 
scoreless in the fourth inning, the 
Triton defense hoped the trend 
would continue. 

However, that hope fizzled as 
Bedar gave up his first home-run of 
the season to the Eagles' first base-
man, Jay Gibbons. 

Monday, February 2, 1998 

Sophomore pitcher Michael 
Bedar led the Tritons to the field in 
game one, hoping to shut down the 
Golden Eagles ' offense in oi-der. 
However, things did not go exactly 
as planned, as Cal State capitalized 
on a walk, scoring one run in the 
top of the first. 

Rebounding from the home-run 
punch, UCSD would not let down 
as fourth-year starter Mason 
retumed the favor, smacking his 
first homer of the season, keeping 
UCSD within one run. 

Brendan Cahlii/Guardian 
I'. A Triton: For those of you scratching your heads at this guy, he is our very own Triton decked out 
in his UCSD baseball uniform, and in the process of smashing anoth!lr 500-foot home run. 

UCSD tried to reciprocate in the 
bottom half of the inning, but was 
held scoreless. 

Although Mason 's' bottom of 
the fifth solo shot fired the Tritons 
up; they were unable to cross home 
plate again, thus dropping the first 
game of the season, 4-3. 

After a quick break, UCSD was 

hungry for redemption in game 
two. Junior pitcher David Takehara 
opened strongly on the mound for 
the Tritons, giving up only two hits 
and striking out two in the opening 
pair of innings. 

While the offensive firepower of 
the Tritons got off to a slow start in 
game one, UCSD came out with 
big bats in the first inning of game 
two. 

Escanuelas led the Triton attack 
with a single to right center, and 
was batted in by Fluharty 'S triple. 
Fluharty was led home by sopho· 
more Ryan Hi II's slap to the 
Golden Eagles' shortstop, who 
could not make a play on the ball. 

While CSU Los Angeles was 
able to tie the game up in the top of 
the third,. UCSD put the game out 
of reach in the last half of the fourth 
inning, peppering the field with 
base hits. 

This scoring frenzy was high-
lighted by Hill 's 2-RBI double to 
center, for hi s second and third of 4 
RBIs on the day. 

Although the Tritons gave up 
one more run, Takehara still had a 
strong showing, pitching for six 
innings and givi ng up three runs on 
eight hits. 

Reliev ing Takehara in the top of 
the seventh was sophomore 
Edward Ishak, who retired the 

Volleyball Has Unhappy Returns 
MEMORIES: The Tritons notched two of the biggest wins in school history 1ast year at home 
against USC and Long Beach State - this year, on the road, the results were not quite the same 
By Steve Walsh 
Senior Staff Writer 

There is one sure thing about the 
men's volleyball teams of Long 
Beach State and USC; they both 
have good memorics. Just onc year 
ago, when both teams were ranked 
in the. top 10 in the nation, UCSD 
welcomed them to RIMAC and 
pulled off the two biggest wins in 
Triton volleyball history. 

Those matches, while earning 
UCSD national prominence, may 
have cost the 4gers amI the Trojans 
postseason positions. The mem -
ries of those two losses bumed in 
the minds uf Long Beach and USC 
thi s past week when they finall y 
got the opportuni ty to exact some 
revenge. 

On Wednesday, the Tritons hit 
the road to Long Beach with the 
hopes of a repeat of last year's 
upset. U SD entered the match 
hoping to shake off some of the 
ineonsistcn 'y that had plagued it in 
earlier matches. 

However, No. 4 ranked Long 
Beach State was not about to forget 
la t year's defeat as the 4gers came 
out firing on all cylinders. Using an 

aggressive frontline attack and a 
brutal blocking cherne, Long 
Beach wa able to keep the Tritons 
on their heels from the opening 
serve. 

Nothing seemed to work offen-
sively for UCSD, as it recorded 
twice as many error ' as kills in the 
first game. 

While the Triton offense Ian· 
gui shed. the 4gers' attack showed 
no sign of slowing down and quick-
ly took game one, 15-2. 

Despite having struggled in the 
fi rst, UCS D start ed the second 
ga me like a revi tali zed tea m. 
Playi ng some of thei r best volley-
ball of the year, the Tri tons 
matched thei r Division I opponent 
poi nt lor poi nt. 

Seniors Jon Yarns and Ryan 
Woods handled the majori ty of the 
oncnsive load for CSD as they 
recorded 7 and 15 kills respective-
ly. Even with newfound energy, the 
Tritons could not overcome the ath-
leticism of the 4gers and dropped 
the second game, 15- 13. 

"The second game was proba-
bly the best full game that we've 
put together," senior setter Kurt 

Seckington said. "We sided out 
well with them and were able to 
score points at times. 15- 13 against 
the No. 4 team in the nation when 
we could have definitely pulled out 
the game means that was a good 
game for us." 

Wilh two wins under its belt , 
Long Beach could sen 'e the kill 
and did not let up, keeping its 
Slaners in the match throughout. 
The Tritons could not keep up with 
the high-octane 4gers as Long 

. Beach took the game and the 
match, 15·8. 

Fo llowi ng the Long Beach 
match. the Tritons returned home, 
but not for long enough to unpack 
their bags as they again hit the road 
on Saturday to square off against 
the o. 16 ranked Trojans of US . 

As they had agai nst the 4gers, 
the Tritons struggled carl y in the 
match, They found themselves fac · 
ing an I 1-0 defici t hefore they were 
ab le to get un the board. A series of 
hitt ing errors combined wi th the 
blocking of the Trojan fro ntline had 
UCSD fi ghting a losi ng battle as it 
dropped game one, 15-6. 

As good as the USC offense had 

played in the first game, it only got 
bcller as the match progressed . The 
Triton frontline could not malch the 
USC combination of senior Szilard 
Kovacs and freshman Ryan 
Thurlow, who peppered UCSD for 
16 and 14 kills respectively. 

The Triton offense did improve 
in the econd game, led by Woods, 
who fini shed the match with a 
team·hi gh 13 kills. 

After keeping th ings close early 
on, U SD gave up five unanswered 
points and could not recover while 
the Trojans took the second game, 
15-8. 

Game three saw the Tritons 
fig ht back from an early deficit and 
pull wi thin two poi nts, but that 
would be as close as they would 
gel. S went on an 8-0 run to put 
the game and match out of reach. 

"We cou ldn't get anyth ing 
going offensively and struggled at a 
lot of things ," Seckington said . " It 
was an opportunity missed because 
that was one of the weaker teams 
that we' ll play th is year." 

UCSD cont inues its long, early-
sea on road trip as it travels north 
to face UC irvi ne on Tue day. 

Golden Eagles in order, with two 
strikeouts. 

Despite splitting the double 
header, the Tritons were pleased 
with the outcome of their season-
opener against theGolden Eagles. 

"Even though we lost game one, 
we didn ' t lower our heads and 
came back really strong in game 
two," junior catcher Rampi Gulati 
said. "Everyone agreed that we 
were 100 times better at yester-
day's start than we were at the start 
of last season." 

The Tritons will take the fi eld 
again tomorrow hosting Master's 
College at 2:30 p.m. at Triton 
Baseball Field. 

ROUT: 
Man, we beat the 
hell out of them 
Continued from page 16 
her strong play inside, haul ing 
in a team-best 12 rebounds, 7 on 
the offensive end. 

During the eurrent winning 
streak, UCSD has outscored its 
opponents by an average margin 
of 37 points. The women have 
dismantled the good teams-
Chapm an Uni versity, the 
Tritons' biggest ri val and closest 
competitor for the postseason, 
fe ll by 4 1. The women also 
destroyed the less- than-good 
teams - Whittier came up 68 
points ·hort. 

The fact th at UCSD's second 
team could give the staners a 
belter game than a Iilrge per-
centage of thei r opponents is 
prohably significant. At Icast 
one of the opposing teams, 
whose name wi ll be omitted out 
of sympathy, fa iled to display 
basic basketball fundamentals, 
i.e. drihbling the ba ll. 

Tomorrow, the womcn host 
Southern California ollege, a 
formidable opponent who might 
be the best team the Tritons 
have faced. A victory would go 
a long way in legi timi zing the 
women's impres 'ive record. A 
loss? Not likely, so never mind. 

Monday, February 2, 1998 

ROAD TRIP: 
Two impressive 
wins for the Tritons 
ContInued from pale 16 

However, in the early minutes 
of the seeond hal f, Field earned a 
technical foul and was sent to the 
bench for the remainder of the 
half. He had already contributed 
19 points, and if the squad could-
n't get ahead with him in the 
game, things appeared that much 
bleaker with him oul. 

"If he's out, we've got nothing 
10 lose," Maroutsos sa id . "When 
Tyler got his technical, we all got 
fi red up." 

The team responded with a lot 
of character. Able to hold the 
Slugs to a relatively stingy S4 per-
cent shooting in the second half, 
the men chipped away at the lead. 
They closed the margin, from 15 
points with only 4:35 left to play, 
10 12 with 2:30 left , to single dig· 
its with a lillie over a minute lefl. 
The rest was something of a mira-
cle, as the men clawed their way 
to overtime. 

" It was clutch shot after clutch 
shot," guard John Tobias said. 
''The last four minutes of the game 
were some of the most exciting 
you'll find in co llege basketball. 
That was a dogfi ght." 

Mike Wall , Garratt and Adam 
Libby all shot the ball well to rally 
the Tritons. Wall notched his sea-
son high with 33 points when the 
dust cleared, with Garratt hitting 
all four of his three-poi nt attempts 
to ti ni sh with 20. 

"} knew once we got into over-
time we would win," Maroutsos 
said. "Mike Wall played out of hi s 

The UCSD Guardian 

Claire Schneider/Guardian 
Boarding: Junior guard Tyler Garratt goes up and gets another 
rebound - he played very well for the Tritons over the weekend. 
mind. I still don't know how we strong half and one weak half. It 
won that game. Typi cal of the way was a good game to play in and a 
we've been play ing, we had one good game to watch." 

HEARTACHE: 
What to do without 
the game we love 
Continued from page 16 
know, I know, I hear the naysayers, 
but just hear me out. 

Both of our basketball teams are 
playing really well this year. Our 
men's team just got back from a 
very nice road trip - it returned to 
sunny La Jolla with two more wins. 
Head Coach Greg Lanthier is doing 
a fantastic job with hi s aggressive 
philosophy. 

Our women's team is al so play-
ing outstanding ball. Head Coach 
Judy Malone's balanced attack has 
yielded impressive results, includ-
ing the current eight-game winning 
streak. 

Our men's volleyball squad has 
a tough act to follow, considering 
the National Championship the 
women brought home, but they are 
definitely up to the challenge. They 
are in an unbe lievably harsh con-
ference including some of the top 
teams in Division I, but that has 
never impeded success before, and 
thi s year we should see plenty of 
wins. 

Our swimming team is also hav-
ing a successful season, and i 
poised to make another run at 
Nationals. In addition to the team's 
success, many individuals are also 
looking for gold at Nationals. 

We have a bevy of new sports 
that are just getting underway. 
Men's and women's tennis were 
scheduled to battle with CSU Los 
Angeles last weekend, but we were 
told that the games were "rained 
out." 

Personall y, I believe that the 

SPORTS 15 

Golden Eagles were scared out of 
their minds, knowing that they 
were going to get destroyed, and so 
they eame up with the rain-out 
story. That's alright though, we'll 
get our first taste of our Triton 
superstars in early February. 

Early February will also see the 
return of track and field. Head 
Coach Ted Van Arsdale has 
amassed a very talented group of 
athletes for this season. The early 
reports say to watch out for the 
very lOugh throwers. 

The softball ladies will also start 
their season soon, and not many 
people know much about what's 
going on out there. But, I am an 
expert reporter and always get the 
scoop, so this is what 's up: we're 
pretty damn good, again. 

One of my personal favorites 
has also begun their season - the 
baseball team. I love the game, and 
I love the way the Tritons play it. I 
know some people think the game 
moves too slowly, but it 's actually 
much more exciting than you think. 
It. would be a shame to miss out on 
some of their action. 

The boys have a new coach this 
season, former Triton player Dan 
O'Brien. He is doing some great 
things over there, and if you ever 
want to eat sunnower seeds by the ' 
thousand and maybe have a beer or 
two, look for my lazy ass oul there. 

And don't forget intramurals, 
man. Like I have said plenty of 
times before, this is your chance to 
hurt yourself in places you never 
thought possible! 

So you see my fri ends, life is 
definitely not over. Granted, noth-
ing really compares to football, but 
if it was a year-long thing, we'd 
never be sober. Think about that... 

a paid ad\ crliscllIcllt of tllc ass( K'ialL'd studcnts SNO..-GO/~E 

534-4450 
http://asucsd.ucsd.edu 

• 

February 9th RIMAe Arena 6:30pm 
Featuring Primus, Blin'k 182, Long Beach 

Dub AII~Stars and Aquabats. 
Tickets on sale now! 

, 
-

, • 

I , 
File Today! ! ! 

• • • 

Positions include: President, Vice President (3), Commissioners (5) 
Senators (one from each class from each college) 

Elections held 2nd week of Spring Quarter 
Pick up an application on the third floor Price Center 

http:f f even ts. ucsd.ed uf even ts 
the complete source of ALL campus events 

-

... 

-

-



16 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian Monday, February 2, 1998 

.~ ....... ....,.. 
...",,,., .. ,.,. 
........... , ... 

............ a. 
..... c. ........ ". 

,.,....,. ... , .. 
- ·St,· Chattes Bar1dey 

The 
Coach 
Travis HIli 
No Football? Don't 
Kill Yourself Yet. .. 

I turned on the TV yesterday, 
hung over and sore from getting 
beat up in the pits of Winterfest 
(which by the way was out-
standing - good work A.S.). I 
was ready to let the gut chill for 
a couple of hours by watching a 
football game when , to my 
extreme horror, I realized that 
there is no football anymore. 

As I came to the realization 
that there would be no football 
until the draft in April, I started 
to get this deep, aching pain. At 
first I thought it was just gas as 
usual, but I could feel this pain 
in my heart and soul. That's 
right my little dumplings, the 
Coach's heart was breaking. 

I know that right now many 
of you die-hards are also feeling 
the same way. And I also know 
that many of you are looking for 
the Coach's wi dom and guid-
ance to help you through the 
tough times. Fear not, disciples, 
I do have some solutions -
that 's why I make the hig bucks, 
baby. 

There are a few things that 
can tide us over for awhile, and 
the first thing is the NBA. Love 
it or hate it, you can still talk 
about it. I mean, I hate 2-Ball as 
much as the next guy, but at 
least my homies from 
Inglewood destroyed the Bulls. 
That's right, I am a Laker fan 
despite my dislike for Shaq and 
fear of Kobe's greed. 

Sure, there's not as much 
contact in this sissy sport, but it 
does have its highlights. There 
was a brawl in the Knicks-Heat 
game yesterday, and between 
brawls and the latest player to 
be busted for driving drunk and 
high while carrying a loaded 
weapon and soliciting a midget-
transvestite prostitute, I stay 
entertained. 

For those who like contact, I 
suppose there is hockey. 
Personally, I'm not a really big 
fan of regular-season hockey. It 
just doesn't, you know, do it for 
me (for those who care and are 
as pathetic as I am, yes, that was 
a "Spaceba lls" reference). 
Playoff hockey is beautiful , but 
that's not happening for awhile 
and we need a quick fix now. 

Baseball is coming up, but 
not until April and unless you're 
a rotisserie geek like my room-
mate and I , it 's inconsequential. 
If you are a roto-nerd, watch out 
for Andy Ashby and Joey 
Hamilton, they'll both win at 
least 15 games for the soon-to-
be NL West Champion San 
Diego Padres ... but that's anoth-
ercolumn. 

I do have a very solid solu-
tion to our problem , though, 
and it's right in our own ba k-
yard - it's UCSD athletic! I 

See HEARTACHE, Page 15 

REDUCED TO PUSSYCnTS 
BEYOND BLOWOUT: The 
Tritons are shifting into high gear 
and playing their best basketball of 
the season, as evidenced by their 
82-44 thrashing of La Verne Friday 
By Jeff Bassett 
Staff Writer 

From the "stop if you've heard this before" file: 
Friday night, the women 's basketball team outplayed, 
outscored, out-hustled and out-rebounded an under-
manned squad from the University of La Verne. The 
82-44 win was the Tritons ' eighth straight victory, 
improving thei r record to a formidable 15-3. 

The only difficulty experienced by the Tritons 
resulted from the tactics employed 
by one La Verne player. The 
Leopards' Lori Johnson - appar-
ently adopting the mollO "if you 
can't beat 'em, might as well bruise 
'em" - did her utmost to reduce the 
UCSD roster. 

Amy McClure felt the effects, 
displaying a nice red welt barely 
eight minutes into the game. 

Summer Begley was also the recipient of a Johnson 
fist to the face . Kudos should be given to Kim Neal, 
who somehow managed to avoid Johnson's numerous 
attempts to kick her while she collected a defensive 
rebound in the second half. 

The game itself was a roul. The Tritons started 
slowly, perhaps a result of the five-day layoff, and led 
just 17-12 midway through the first half. However, 
UCSD closed the half with a 23-5 run . 

Senior Tianna Meriage initiated the outburst, con-
verting on two consecutive offensive efforts. McClure 
took care of the re t, scoring 8 of her 10 points in the 
final seven minutes of the first half to stake UCSD to 
a 40-17 lead. 

The Tritons put the game completely out of reach 
early in the second half. Jenessa Bayda opened the 
scoring with a three-pointer while Summer Begley 
followed with three consecutive buckets, giving the 
women a 52-21 lead. 

Team honors go to both Begley and Kate Turnbull. 
Christopher Sytvester / Guardian 

The Upper Hand: Addie Alexander gets ready to make an entry pass in UCSD's 
remarkable 82-44 dismantling of La Verne University Friday night at RIMAC. 

Begley led the Tritons in scoring, mak.ing 6 of 10 
attempts en route to her 12 points. Turnbull continued 

See ROUT, Page 14 

NoCal No Problem For UCSD 
COMEBACK: The Tritons took care of Menlo on Friday, 98-71, but 
needed overtime to get a well-deserved win at UC Santa Cruz Saturday 
By Kevin Mclaughlin 
Co-Associate Sports Editor 

Rebounding is a key element 
of basketball. The team that is out-
rebounded is most often the team 
that loses. 

It is equally important 
to rebound in the game-
to-game sense. Even the 
best teams typically lose 
a game or two during the 
season, and following a 
rough loss at the hands of 
Christian Heritage, it was 

. essential for the Tritons 
to come back strong a week later. 

Playing two games last week-
end, UCSD definitely came back 
strong, felling the Oaks of Menlo 
College and squeaking by UC 
Santa Cruz in overtime to main-
tain hope of a trip to the playoffs. 

Opening the road trip Friday 
night in the lovely San Francisco 
peninsula town of Atherton, the 
men mulched the Menlo Oaks 

with haste. Exercising all kinds of 
pent-up aggressions, the men were 
out of the gates fast, hitting seven 
first-half three-pointers and jump-
ing out to a 52-37 halftime lead. 

As has often been the 
case, the Oaks proved to 
be a bunch of pushovers. 
The torrid three-point 
shooting continued, as 
the men notched eight 
more in the second half 
and hot 52 percent from 
downtown on the night. 

Tyler Field led the 
charge with 21 points in 24 min-
utes. Tyler Garratt backed him up 
with 16 points on 7 for 9 shooting 
and outside speciali t Nick 
Maroutsos poured in five three-
point buckets. Field and 
center/forward Ryan Howley each 
snatched 8 rebounds, while Lee 
Nafarrete rang up 5 as ists in 13 
minutes. 

"} thought we played really 

well," Maroutsos said. "We 
jumped on them right from the 
beginning." 

The big clash of the weekend, 
though, was a night away. Vying 
against the only other UC school 
the Tritons face during the sea on. 
the men had to fight for more than 
bragging rights: they had to fight 
for their lives. The Tritons may 
have thought they could Cruz 
through the game, but the Banana 
Slugs had an ambush in store. 

No amount of Triton salt could 
stop the madness. The Slug pep-
pered UCSD with a tronomical 66 
percent shooting in the first half 
en route to a 55-46 halftime lead. 

De pite being behind. the 
Tritons accumulated a high first-
half point total , which always 
means there's hope. To be behind 
by only nine while urrendering 
that kind of efficiency certainly 
gave them confidence. 

See ROAD TRIP, Page 15 

The Wee 
Ah ad ••• 
Women's Basketball 
The Tritons look to 
make it nine in a row 
when they take on see 
on Tuesday 7 p.m. at 
RIMAe 
Women's Tennis 
This Wednesday is the 
home opener for the 
Tritons as they take on 
Point Lorna Nazarene 
at 2:30 p.m. 

Women'. Water Polo 
The Tritons have a 
tough season opener 
this Thursday at 6 p.m. 
at Canyonview Pool 
against ue Berkeley 


