
Elsewhere 
UCLA to Off.r 
Class on LAPD 
LOS NGELES - UCLA 
will he offering a l:()urse 
l:alled "Puhlic Organi.lations 
at the Crossroads: 
Transforming the Lo ' Angeles 
Police Department." The class 
will focus on the diffe rences 
that ex ist between private and 
puhlic organi.lations. In addi-
ti on, the dass will look a~ 
specific changes that arc 
occurring in the LAPD and 
try·to detennine how these 
changes arc l:arried out at the 
street level. The dass will he 
taught by Professor Wellford 
Wilms and LAPD Deputy 
Chief Da id Gascon. Gasw n 
said he hopes the das: will 
spark an interest in students 
who want to know more 
ahout publil: management. 

- Till' Daily 8mill 

UC Berkeley Take 
Control of Store 
H RKELEY - UC Berkeley 
Chancellor Rol1C11 Berdahl and 
ASUC President haron Yuan 
recently signed an agreement 
that gives partial w ntml of the 
student govemmclll 's business 
operations to the uni versity. 
The agreement l:rc<l\es an 11 -
member hoard with six stu-
dents ,l~ well as five l:hancel-
lor-appointed faculty and 
administration representatives 
to oversee the store's opera-
tions. Yuan said the agreement 
allows the student government 
to fOl:uS on it s mission of rep-
resenting students. The agree-
ment ended two legal halllcs 
between ASUC and the univer-
sity, which hegan in 1996. 
Critics of the agreement said 
the ASUC should not have car-
ried on negotiations in secrecy. 
ASU negotiators did not puh-
lidy announl:C the agreement 
until two weeks ago. 

- Th e /Jaily Calijorlliwi 

Club Advisor 
Commits Suicide 
BIRMINGHAM, Ala. -
Christopher HolT, the Golden 
Key <l ti onal Honor Socicty 
advisor at the Uni versi ty of 
Alabama-Birmingham , w m-
milled sui l:ide aft er .heing 
l:harged with embel .lling 
more than $3.000 of duh 
funds. An in vesti gati on of the 
duh 's finam;es wa~ lauJ1l:hed 
in fall 1997. Auditors di scov-
ered enough' ev idence to war-
rant a criminal investi gati on. 
On Mar. 9, HolT was named 
as a suspel:t and was removed 
from his post. Al:wrding to 
UAB Poli l:e Chief Harry 
Mar.lelle, the [l(l lil:c dosed 
the inves ti gati on aft er Hoff 
confessed to polil:e. 

- The Kaleidoscope 

Spoken ••• 
"We are COli/miffed as 
a campus to giving all 

(~f our students an 
excellent experience 
both within and outside 
the cLassroom. " 

- Joseph Watson 
Viee Chancellor of Student 

Affairs 
See story, above right 

Culture Clash Test Time Splash ' ~ 
The Guardian searchesfor the The WASC team UCSD swimmers Q 
hidden cuLture of San Diego. Are evaluates whether came home with a Z 
we waLking down a dead end? to reaccredit UCSD .. silver and a bronze. 0 

Opinion, page 4 News, page 2 Sports, 20 :E 
, H 'E U C 5 D 

UC SAN DIEGO MONDAY, MARCH 30, 1998 VOLUME 94, ISS E 1 

UCSD Admits Fewer Minorities 
NUMBERS: Admitted 
class has an average 
S.A.T. score of 1294 

Vicc Chanl:e llor of Student 
I\ffairs JO'ie ph Watson at a pre~s 
co nferencc on March In. 
" However, we an; deepl y di sap-
pointed in the decreased numhers 
of underrcpre~cntcd s tude nt ~ 
admitted , and the l:o nsequcnt 
decli ne in the rac ial di ersity of 
our admitted l: l a~s . " 

Breakdown of Admits 
by Ethnicity (1997/98) 11997 Totals 1 1998 Totals 

By Julia Kulla-Mader 
Co-News Editor 

In thc first yca r that racial prcf-
erences were not used in ni versity 
of California undergraduate admis-
sions decisions, UCSD has admit -
ted 40 percent less applicants from 
underrepresented racia l-minority 
groups than last year. 

In addition , keeping with the 
upward trend in the al:ademie 
qualifi ca ti ons of student s al:l:ept -
cd to CS D, nex t' yea r's prospec-
ti ve freshmcn arc in the top 5 per-
cent of graduating seniors in the 
stal C. 

The group 's mean hi gh sd)Ool 
grade point average is 3.99, a .03 
percent increase from last yea r. 
Their ave rage Scho lasti c 
Aptitude Tes t (S.A.T. ) sw re is 
1,294, a 19- perce nt ilH.:rease from 
last year. 

Watson stressed that the uni ver-
si ly i~ committed to encouraging 
the admilled African-American , 
Mex ican -Ame ri l:an and Na tive-
Ameri can students to allend 
UCSD. 

"The ni versi ty of California 

Brendan Cahill/GuardIan 
that for the lirst time. UCSD has Watson also said that UCSD has "We arc ve ry pleased at the 

quality of applicants who se lect 
SD; each yea r they represent a 

high leve l of talent and aehicve-
ment than the prev ious yea r," sa id 

and the ni versit y of Californ ia at 
San Diego is a uni versity of all the 
people of alifornia anJ we wish 
all the people of Ca lifornia to hene-
fit from UCSD," Watson said . "Our 
numhers may he small now and 
there may he Ilow representation 
now, hut whal has to he done hy 
hoth the l:alllpUS, and I would hope 
hy the l:OJ11J11unity - particularly 
those w mmunities that arc under-
represented in the uni versit y - i~ 
for us 10 work together as partners 
to increase the representation here 
at UCSD." 

Watson also outlined several 
U SD outread, crfort s. He said 

permanent recruiters stationed in 
Los Ange les and San Francisco to 
hegin working wilh pros pecti ve 
slud ' nt s as early as ninth grade. 

offered new "Community 
Sl:holar~ " awards of $ 1,000 eat:h to 
33 high ~choo l students who have 

See ADMITS, Page 13 

New Publications To Move 
Into New Indicator Office 
DEVELOPMENT: Crossroads 
the Walking Stick and Satiricon 
will take over space. 
By VIncent Gragnani 
Staff Writer 

Three literary puhlicati ons were rel:enll y 
gru nted olli t:e ~pa l:e hy the ni versity ente r~ 
Ad viso ry Board aft er the ew Indica tor w llec-
ti ve fai led to re-app ly for it~ o lTi l:e spal:e. 

The t: hange wi ll take place thi s weekend 
aft er mClllher~ of the New I ndil:ator vacalC the 
spat:e . The three groups. CfIIssl"IJad.\·, the 
WalkillM Slick and SaliricolI , <I re ~cheduled to 
1l10VC into their space next Monday. 

CA B decided to ev ict the ew Indicator 
aft er its memher~ fai led to register as a student 
organi.lati on la~ t fall. Even though they eventu-
all y re-registered, t ' AB made applicati ons 
avai lah le to all literary groups thnt did not have 
an on-l:ampus oflice ~pace. 

U AB hair Joe Leven thal said he made it 
clea r to the ew Indicator memhers that they 
wou ld he suhject to th ' ~a Jll e requirements as 
other groups when reappl ing for the space. 

m.\·sf(}at!s , the WalkillX Sl ick and Saliricrlll 
were the only eli gi hle groups to suhmit appli -
cations for the spnce. The alijornia Review 
and The Koala also submitted applicalion hut 
were ineligible because they currently have 

offi ces. 
Al:l:ording to Leventhal, an app li cation was 

placed in the New Indi t:a tor\ mai lhox a~ soon 
a~ app l icalion~ were made ava ilah le. New 
Indi l:ator memhers, however, failed to com-
plete the form . 

"We hope that they I memhers of the New 
Indi l:atnrl understand the situation," Leventhal 
said . "When they wan t to reapp ly for ~ pace 
we ' ll try 10 aewmmodale them. Ri ght now, it 
doesn' t seem like they' re intcrested." 

The ew Indicawr J1lemher~ wi ll hc given 
~pace adjacent to thc he afe to store their 
matcrial s. If they f<li I to val: ate from their old 
o ffi t:e, UCAB will hire movers to dear the 

~pat:e <lnd then pass the hill on to the w llet:t ive. 
arl Lenox, a principal memher of the ew 

Indicator, refused to comment on the situ<ltion. 
Student Organizations and Leadership 
Opportunities Media Ad visor Randy Woodard 
did not know of any further developments. 

In the past, Lenox has blamed some of the 
ew Ind icator's problems on the often-hroken 

and outdated l:Ol1lpu ter equipment in the 
Student enter Media Roo!n. 

A.S. Vice President of Finance Tony Fiori 
aid that the A.S. pl an~ to update the room. In 

addition, the A.S. ret:ently purt:hased four new 
computers that will be kept f?n the third fl oor of 
the Price enter. Fiori 'aid that all media 

See SPACE, Page 13 

ASP Referendum 
To be on Ballot 
For A.S. Elections 
INITIATIVE: Watson allows 
measure to go ahead after 
explanatory text is added 
By Ryan Olson 
Co·News Editor 

The Aeademi t: Success Program (I\SP) 
Refercndul11, a fcc iniliativc that wou ld require 
all ~tude llt s to pay $1 per quarter to fund at: ad-
emic ~upport servit:es, W,I\ allowed on the A.S. 
elec tions hallot last week aft er Vicc hancellor 
of Student Affairs Joseph Watson ordered that 
an explanatory te I he added to the mea~ure . 

The ASP referendum would e~tabli sh a hook-
knding program, peer mentorships and tu toring 
for ~tudent s. If the mcasure passes, ASP wou ld 
ha vc a hudget of more than $42,000 per year. 

I\ .S. electi ons will occur next week from 
April 7-9. The ASP referendum is on' of two 
fcc referenda - the ASP measure and a n.5!) 
per quarter Student Artivity Fee increa~e spon-
sored by the I\ .S. Count:il. The activity fcc has 
not been increased from it s current $ 13.50 per 
quarter level since 19113 . 

hanges in the activity fee may he plat:ed on 
the hallot with a j)\!lition signed hy 15 perl:ent 
of CSD undergraduates or a two-third ote of 
the A.S. ound!. If a majority vole of 20 pcr-

See ASP, Page 3 



2 EWS 

WASC Committee 
Evaluates UCSD 
VISIT: Accreditation team comes to campus 
during finals week to li sten at community forum s. 
By Leena Shankar 
ASSOCIate News Editor 

(SO i~ in Ihe proce" or 
renewing II ... al.:l.:reui taliOll by 
th c Wc~ l e rn A~,m; ialion of 

Sdl\J()I~ and Co l )(;ge~ (WASC) . 
Thi ~ rcalTirmalion or in,lilu -
tional a(;Cretiila li oll . whi ch 
lake, place e very I () year, or 
MI. i, .re4uired in order fur ~ Iu ­
denl , al CSD to rc(;c i ve finan -
cia l aid . 

A WASC at:cred il al ion Icalll 
vi;.iled U SD during finab 
week from March 
17-20. T hi s Icam 
indulled 
,l!n i or 
mClllh.:r, 

cighl 
faculty 

and 

hUI in praClice. thai i~ highly 
un likely." 

Casleen abo I.:OnCUITco Ihal 
UCSD w()ulli mosl prohahly he 
re-al.:crediled for Ihe nCXI 10 
year,. 

" It i ~ very r<lre Ihal Ihere arc 
~eriou ~ proh l cl1l~ wilh Ihe accred-
ilalion of a uni vl! r,i ly wilh Ihi~ 
~Ialurc ," he ,aid. 

The main purpo~e of Ihe 
WAS leam'> visi l lasl wcck 

wa~ 10 meel wi th Ihc ca mpus 
coml1lunily Ih rough a sc ri c~ of 

foru rn, in order 10 
facilital c opcn dia-
loguc. 

ad 1111 n i , I r a l or ~ 
from olher univer-
,itie, Ihroughoul 
I he nal ion hl!aded, 
hy Joh n Caslecn 
III , pre,idl!nl uf 
Ihl! U ni vcr~ it y of 
Virglllia. 

;1 , Il!Cn 
cxphllned th at he 
and Ill.'> leam will 
fi Ie a reporl wi lh 
Ihc WASC accred-
Il alilln 1.:() lllmi , -
,ion ha'>ed on Ihe 
v i, il and a report 
1.:0 111 pi led hy 

"The [WASC] 
team was 
generally 
pleased with 
what they 
found when 
they visited 
but they will 
also make 

' "The prohlem 
wi lh Ihi~ wcck 
IMarch 17-201 , if 
Ihl! re i, a prohlclll, 
is thai ils fina ls 
week ," 
,ai d . 

Three f()rull1~ 
were held - one 
each for fa l.:ult y, 
slaff and ,Iudcnls. 
Thl! , Ial l forum 

wa~ Ihe he,1 
allended. Many 
, tall mCl1lhcr, 
hrouglll lip griev-
am:e, re laling to 
Iheir pay. henei'ib 
and lac~ ot apprc-

('SI) fal.:ull y and 
.,Iall , allcd Ihe 

SD Sci 1'-
Si udy for 
Rcalfilm<ll ion Ill' 
A ccred llation ." 

"We ~Uh llli l a 
drart report 10 Ihe 
W SC (0 1111111, -
'>Ion and Ihcn Ihe 
c 0 III III i , ~ i (\ I! 
"'Ul!'> il~ OWl! 
r.:porl huil l 011 
Ihal rl!pml :' 
Castcen sa id . 

recommen-
dations for 
UCSD In a 
couple of 
weeks. In 
principle, we 
could be not 
accredited but 
in practice, 
that is highly 
unlikely. " 

I.:j:lll on 
A weh>! Ie has 

hl.:cn WI up III 
ord'r 10 pmvld\: 
mClllber\ 01 Ihe 
vi"llng leam. (1lh~r 
WAS . and UIlI\ er-
,il nnll.: lab. 
LleSl) ~ ludc Il1~ , 
ranlil ) . , IJIT and 
Ihl! general puhlic 
ca~j ac(c" III 
II1t"nrnlallOn ahnul 
LJ ' S)) Incl uding 
I 11.: ~e l f- ~lUd . The 

- Thomas Bond 
Revelle Provost 

R c vel I e 
Co llege ProvoSI F. Thoma, 
Bond was namcd CSD\ 
Accreditalion Liai,lln Officcl' ill 
May I <)<)6 and si nce Ihen, h\: and 
Ihe re,1 of Ihe Accreditalion 
Ovcr,ighl Oll1millee h:t ve heen 
working 10 prepare I he Sdl 
SllIdy and WAS. leam v i sit. The 
w lIlmill..:e includes UCSD lac-
ulty and , Ial f. alld Assoc i:lled 
" luoenh Prl!,idenl Sou Icy 
Diallo. 

'The IWASC l leam was gen-
er;lll y )1lc:l,eo wil h whal Ihey 
found wht.:n they visi led hUI Ihey 
will abo make rcc" ni mend a-
tions for UCSl) in a I.:()upk of 
wecb." Bond ~aid . " In princi -
pic. we could he nOI accredi led 

addre\, of Ihi, 
\.\eh~ile " hIlJJ :II,J/tlllllillg. 
//nli.('li///(/{ ·cI"ed- III(ltl' .htlll . 

The s.:lf-' lUd y focuses on 
fivc >ludic, of , pec lfic ar.:a~ 01 
cO llcern : a reviel of a"es~ll1enl 
wilh rega rd 10 undergraduale 
oulcome, and campu, dimale. 

sclf-~lUdiq or th l! five under-
gradllal e colkg..: ... . hnw and how 
wc ll Ih.: Ca ll1Pu ,·~ .Ica demil.: 
dl!Jlarlm e nl~ arc l ulld ling Ihcir 

resp\ln si hililie~ Inl cdul.:allng 
undergraduale~ , how ,111<1 how 
wd i llte campu ,> I~ dI!JIII :' Wi th 
Iral1~l e l sludcnl, I rO Ill wml nu -
nlly co ll<.:gcs and olher tour-
ye:lI· insillulinns, and complllcr 
and com mun icali o n Icchnolo-
gie~ a, th 'y affect in'1ruclion. 

GUARDIAN jll 
n,p UCSD Gu.lrr/,,11l Is publiShed Mondays r.lnd rhurS(JdV& dUring Ihf'. ademlc 
year b.,. IInr1 fur 100 .,tuden!!. of UCSD. ReorOtJul..llon 01 thiS ncwsr}apcr In any 
form . whether In whole ur In omt. wtlttOut ocrnllss,on IS 51f1 I'( prohibited 
C 109M. llll fl ~!hlS rt'~crvcd Flte UCSO Gu.1rr/ttln IS nOllcc,pon5Ibl~ lor the return 
01 um;Oiu .. lled III,lll uS<.rl pts or drt . TIle ~ I('IN t'JI(prt' SCtl I I("H~ln d O not nl"c.cSStlflly 
rcpl(! em me OPHHOI1S 01 Tne UC5D GIMmlt':m, (Ilt' UnlvOlil)lly Of Ci}I,IOt"llltl Of tilt> 
A-, 'St)(;.ii"ltcd StUdent s 7f1(1 UCSO GU.lnlmlJ IS fundf\d SOI(lly by Dd .... ertlslng 
Th ,,, 5 nn Met'd 1m .to ,nsult' .toke wt11'n Vt)U 11i1\1tl lh{! lJf"i( Gua,dIBl) 

The UCSD Guardian Thun,dny. March 12, 1998 

ETCETERA .. ·. 

If :lOU Cou\.O ON\)1 
R~u(..t ~OLJ S~IAL.. 
1 AM, ~OU·O ~ ME. 

BRIEFLY ••• 

!::lOt) Tf\II'J~ ':lOUR. 
SE~SITlV~ TO ~OOR 
SUFfERING MA\:E~ 
.'jOt) DIfFEReNT. 

UCSD-TV Expands Viewership 
On March 26, Daniels Cablevls lon began offering 

UCSD·TV on weekends with partial weeknight carriage 
on Del Mar TV 3. 

UCSD-TV General Manager Mary Walshok , associate 
vice chance llor for extended studies and public service, 
said she believes the Del Mar and Solana Beach launch 
fulfill s the station's mission to .prOVide access to the 
entire San Diego community. 

ThiS month. UCSD-TV will offer "San Diego Opera 
Spollight: Romeo and Juliet," "The Body Politic: 
Interniltional Monetary Fund: "Fondness for Beetles ," 
"Cecil Lytle In Concert. " "Information Technology in 
Education and Research," "Rob Reiner at the City Club" 
and "The Akira Kurosawa Film Festival ." 

The program schedule is available in the San Diego 
Union-Tflbune and online at http://www.lIcsd.edu/ ucsdtv. 
UCSD-TV IS broadcast on Channel 35. For more Informa-
tion, call 534·7076 or e-mail ucsdtv@ucsd.edu . 

Marshall College to Hold 20th 
Annual Cultural Celebration 

Thurgood Marshall College will present its 20th 
Annual Cultural Celebration on Sal., April 4. Festivities 
begin at 11 a.lll. and go until 5 p. ln. between the 
Faculty Club and the TMC Administration Building. 

San Diego City CounCil h s declared the day 
"Cultural Celebration Day In the City of San Diego." 
Councilman Harry Mathis will officially present the City 
of San Diego Proclamation to Marshall Provost Cecil 
Lytle at noon. 

Two stages will feature continuous entertainment. 
Booths will feature traditional ethnic crafts , jewelry, 
clothing, incense and silks. Foods of the world will be 
sold as refreshments. 

A student-based traditIOnal art presentation will be 
held in the Marshall Administration Buildlllg 111 the 
weeks preceding and following the ce lebration. A recep-
tIOn with music and refreshments Will be held on 
Saturday from 9 a.m. to 11 a.m. 

The musIc groups "Oakey and Detour Posse: and "' B 
Side Players" will be the headliners at the celebration. 

Other arti sts performing throughout the day include 
"Mariachi Del Mar," "Debka Dancers,"' Kaibigang 
Pllipino dancers, the Native American "Eagle Talon 
Dancers. " the Aztec "Danza Ocelotl " and "Polynesian 
Pua Carnation ." 

Parklllg is free on weekends and the event will be 
held ra in or shine . For more information , ca ll 534-4390. 

Career Services Center to Offer 
Pre-Fair Advisory Workshop 

The Career Services Center will offer tne workshop 
• Job Fair Jumpstart" on Mon .. April 6 , 1998, from 11:30 
a.m. to 12:30 p.m. In the CSC Multi-Purpose Room. 

The event IS a pre-fair workshop before the Spring 
Job Fair on April 8. The workshop, open to all students 
In all majors. will help students learn how to approach 
employers and offer tips for success at job fairs. 
Advibors will also be on hand to critique draft resumes . 

For more information, call 534-3750. 

GENEVIEVE cox. Features Editor DESIGNER: Karl Frtedman 
JESSICA SCMEPPMANN . AssOCWI" Features Edl lor 

MEGAN KLEIN . OPinIOn EOltor 
JESSYCA WALLACE. AssoclIJte Opinion EdlCor 

TRAVIS MILL. Sports Edllor 
JONAH NISENSON, Co.Assoc,aCO SporlS Edllor 

KEVtN McLAUGHUN. CoAssOCIDCC SPOrcs £dl<or 
-ILONA FASS, Co. Hlatus [OICor 
SCOTT YAGER, CO-Hill Ius Ed,Cor 

CLAIRE SCHNEIDER. P/10IO [ultor 
BRENOAN CAHill, Gmp/lles EditOf 

WALT OICKINSON, Dc Ign [OltOI 
NICK RUNCO, Onlme [Ollar 

COMPUTER SUPPORT : Marcus LOhl), 
ADVERTISING ASSISTANT: Vvelle Alc.la 
~:~~~JION ASSISTANTS: NIck Alq1our. Julius ellol PhIlip Goldman, Greg little. 
ADVERTISING REPRESENTATIVE: Andlew Hong 

ANN BAREFIELD, BUSiness ManagC; 
BROCK HALTER , Adverllsmg Manager 

MIKE MARTINEZ, Adverllsmg Art Director 
JOE PAN , AdvertiSing Design & Layout 

JOHN BARBER , AdvertISing Design & Layout 
CHERYL SASTO, ASSistant BuslIlcss M anililer 

EDITORIAL ASSISTANTS: Cllns.ltnd Schrl'nk Erik., Sn"itr 
News/ Features 5345226. G neral Editorial: 5346581 

Op,n,on/Spo,ts. 534 582. Hiatus. 5346583 
TERRY LEW. [clitor III Cillet 

JONAH FPrCOMAN. Co Malltl/l /f!/l [dllOr 
GRACE JANG. Co /.1unJgmg (dtlOr 
TAlITHA GRANSHAW. Copy [dltor 

MARC COMER. AssocmtL' Copy Edl or 
JULIA KULLA·MADER. Co Ne'Ws [dltor 

RYAN OLSON , Co N 'WS [Ollar 
L£ENA SHANKAR . AssoclOlC News EdilOr 

SENIOR STAff WRITERS: 8111 GI •. ullmaf'lfI, LlnfIS.!)' H.lffl 'i, Mlllv HIAAtnS, Jf'nn,; 
NICIlOi on, 5c:'nn RanHTM. Chn~ Scnff"lh('f, Anntl V •• ' ""iln SI(lW "'ql~h. E IIwr '1\,l()n 
.TAFF WRITERS: Jt'ff Bcl"I',,~II . K .. 'rtl C.llkls. Pdul (){lit~t'. Jitr(lh Gordofl. hrtl 
H.m , t(,}cle JunR, Mdtthew Kdhnnw~kl. AlnWt' M .1 k,ty. Al\r'dm M (tn1lm.ll1I, Adrt tl 
McClain. Sat Moo a .... EI'v'tn Ptrln~, Chn!tlin,' Rhud~_ KtI\on,l S.:K.Idfhl S.lfrl Snydu 
Qu'r n lv. S. Jdhln W"~dl. 'YJ lrl Ytlt1l 
ILLUSTRATOR : Joe Anll,lulll 
PHOTOGRAPHERS. O"lld At" . Ancifrw Olt'n. lI'd Huff. M!.inl!l.\J Kol-.y' :ka, O(~+d 
luh,tl. Jtllmc Muk1oonGorlK"I, Chfl<;topht'r 5y1\1.· .. (('" Kt'fi;1hl 'WJIk.t'r, A1h.,on \\,k:.o x. 

AlJv " !ISing Office . 53434 6. F .. x· 53476 1 
c·mall. guardlafl4:-'ucsd cdu 

Guardian Onll/le. httP.//WWW.UCSd Cdu/guil.d.an/ 
UCSD Guardian, 9500 Gilman Drive 0316, 

La Jolla, CA 92093- 0316 
,"--lu.11 loe .UIOt'l !>l'COfld rk)(K uc 0 ~Iu~nl C,'nlf"r (JUlldlng A I Rm. 217 

Thursday. M:m:h 12. 199M Thc CSD Guardian EWS :1 

California Quivers 
Chills at Food Court 

ASP: Program 
would manage 
$42,000+ per ear 

Text of the Referendum: , 
"Do you support starting an Academic Success Program at 

UCSD which Includes: /I Booklending Program, Peer Mentorship 
Program, Peer Tutoring Program, Exam Archives, etc. for $1 fee per 
student/quarter constitutional lock-In?" 

\ ill mOlc inlo a perman,'nl cart 
lJllCh like Ihe currCIll cr,'pc, rart 

Continued from page 1 
1.:~111 of ,lUdenl~ arpr<we Ihe refer-
endum. il Illll,1 Ih.:n h' approl cd 
h) Ihe Board of Rq!l'nb 111 
o Ill.: I hI lake .:ITc,·1 

Explanatory ~tatement Inclu": 
FOOD: herbet endor 
a cuples former De. crt 
Work space. 

\ ll.:ording to L,' IClllh,lI Ille 
I'r I. C Cl"nler Food CtlUrl \\ 1. 1 he' 
cillodekd oler Ihe ,UlnnWI I l lI i ~ 

P(lI lll. IllIW"I CI. IIllk I, kn(lI"n 
ahoul Ihe ,pecin" (\ 1 Ihe r '1lIOlkl-
ing plan,. Hmlc\el , Lcvcnlhal ,aid 
a dc,igller ha, been hired 1(\ look 
illlo Ihe projc'cI and plan, should he 
rch;a,ed h) Ihe middle of Ma) . 

On M.m: h 4. Ihl! A .S. (Iunci! 
rCJecled a mol ion to appr<we Ihe 
ASP relcn:ndu ill hy a vOle of 5-'1-
I aher ASP hacker, suhlllilled Ihe 
refcrl!ndum 10 Ihl! cou nd l. 

•... This fee referendum will establish a constitutional lock-in at 
$1 per student/Quarter student activity fee increase to support the 
Academic Success Program. A.S. Council will oversee ASP financial 
expenditures according to the monetary policy in the ASUCSD con-
stitution: 

By Vincent Gragnani 
SCilff Wr cer 

Thl' lale,1 addilion In Ih~ P " ~I 
Ccnler Food COUrl . C.tii l(\in i: 

Ill':a,ure w\luld nlll 111 .:,'1 Ihe 

Quivers, may only he 1l'lllp(lrJ I"} 
acc'nrding to ni vcr~ilY ('cnll'f" 
Advisory Board (" hai r J ll' 
Levcnthal. After Ihe ' pace und.:r-
g()e~ .1 SUllllllcr relllodeling, a sand-
wich wraps pl.lce i, ,Liledukd to 
move in lo Ihc food courl. 

"Somc of Ihe more informed 

regenls' musler b':c'ause Ihen: i, 
no description of how Ihe $~ 2.()()() 
would he spcnl. 

Ca lifornia Quil er~ Presidenl and 
F(\ulllkr Matthew FalTuggio ,aid he 
is " Incrcdihly opl imislic" aboul 
hringing 1m hu,incs, 10 U SO. " I 
m uldn' l bc happier." he ;Iddcd. 

The CA B F(Io I Com millee The 24 -ycar-old enlrepreneur 
del.: ided 10 let 
Ca lifornia QUi' o:r, 
ol.:cupy 1111' '> palC 
va<.:alcd h) De~ ell 
Works du ring Ihe 
inlcrim peri od. 
Accordin)! to 
Lc vcn lhal. Dc,~erl 
Works Icft (,SD 

~" pan of a Illulual 
drci 'lon belwcen 
Ihcm and U("AH. 

"I wouldn't have 
Invested my 
whole life in the 
product if it 
wasn't so 
great." 

- Matthew Farrugglo 
Founder, California Quivers 

cile, di vi ne Inler-
venl ion and Ihe 
support or his 
grandmol hcr in 
hclping him open a 
Del M ar ;' Iorc, 
Ihrec cans on loca l 
high sc hool and 
co ll egc campuscs 
ano now a place in 
the Price Cenl cr 
food l·Ourl. 

individual, on II K~ 
t:()une il were con-
cerned Ih :,1 Ihey 
had nevl!r heard of 
Ihis program 
beforc:' said Tony 
Fiori. A .S. Vil.:e 
Prcsidenl Finance. 

On March Y, 
ASP supportcrs 
suhmillcd a peti -
lion wilh Ihc signa-
lurcs of 1110re Ihan 
2,30() sludcnts. 
Thc regislrar 's 
ollice veri licd Ihe 
validity of Ihe sig-
natures by I11cans 
of randomlcsting. 

AT a pre-clec-
lion fcc-referen -
dum mecling on 
Marl.:h II , mem-
bers of ASP mcl 

"We'll leave It 
up to the 
students to 
Inform 
themselves, and 
hopefully the 
IHerature that 
ASP Is going to 
pass out during 
the election will 
be good and 
students know 
what they're 
voting on." 

On March 13. 
PClersun ~enl a lel -
Icr In ASP slaling 
thai Ihc measurc 
would nol hc on 
the ballol becausc 
the wording was 
100 vagu ' . 

Acwrding lO 
Pelerson, the Icxl 
of Ihc tnc,L~Urc did-
n' l dcfine whelhcr 
Ihe admi ni s1ralion 
or Ihe A.S. Council 
would adminisler 
Ih.: funds. 

H owever , 
Pelerson lalcr said 
Ihal if il were clcar 
111.11 Ihe funding 
would he oversecn 

-Tony Rorl 
A.S. Vice President of hy Ihe A .S. 

Counci l. thc Illat-Finance Icr prohably would 

(' A B hOSh.:d an informal ion 
~essi ()n la, 1 Tuesday and wi II he 
acccpli ng proposals from vendors 

inl erc~lo:d in I1lllving in. Sevcral 
group' allendcd Ihc mccling .. and 
Lcvenl hal said a final decisiun will 
hc madc hy Ihc end of April. 

A lthough il w ill evenlually 
vaca le its current spacc, Cali fornia 
Quivers is nOI expecled to leave 
UCSD any lilll ': soon . Aftcr Ihc 
remode ling. Ca lifornia Qu i vcrs 

Al lhough Desscrt Works didn ' l 
do Vl!f) well financially, Farruggio 
said hi , producl is differcnl from 
Ihal of Desscrt Works. He said Ihal 
whi Ie Dcssert Works sold desserls. 
California Quivers se rves a shcrhcI 
made from fresh fruit. 

" We usc rcal fruit and make 
every thing fresh every day," 
Farruggio said. " I wouldn ' l have 
invested my whole li fe in Ihe prod-
ucl if il wasn' t so greal. " 

wi lh Tom Tucker, associale vicc 
dlanccll tlr of student affairs. Lynnc 
PClerson. director of student aClivi -

not have comc under adminislrJlive 
review until after Ihe election. 

Wal~on met wil h ASP lilcm-
has Irl!nc Tahilin , Dudley cI -
Shaha7L and Laarni Gonza les on 
M arl.:h 19 to discw,s thc issue. A l 
Ihe meeling, Ihe ASP member, 

tics and govcmment, and Jamie 
Drozd . A .S. eleclions manager. 

Al.:cording 10 the minules of 
Ihe meeling, Tuckcr stated that the 

JOB OPPORT.' lIHITllrS IN 
VIRTlllAl R~AlITly 
(th'e·jobs are real!) 

Full - time ~Ulllmcr. part-time acadcmic year po!-> iti o n!-> an~ available 
involving the t!L:ve loplllcnt of :-ophiqicated la!->er 3D micro~copy 
sy:- Iellls I"~ r obscrvin g and cOlltrolllllg thc d nalllic-.. and fun cti on ot" 
living cell!\. app lied in particular to n curo~cience. Empha!\i-. will be 
on tlll~ application 01" irtual reality tc c hniquc~ to the on-line c()tHro l 
and undcrstanding of the Illea~urcillenh . Sllccc~!\l"ul applicant~ w ill 
have the opportun ity to work in an exci tin g en ironmcn t with a ~ma ll 
team ofextrcme l ta lcntcd individuals. known as the SCI1!->es Burcau . 
Our lab in c ludcs state -o f-th e-art la!\cr mi croscopy sys tl:ms and 
computer graphic!-> hardwarc and so l"tware. including 3-D ~tercoscopic 
visualization and i l icon Graphics workstations . M embers work 
c losely with Ph .D . scic nti sts in applying rea l - time compu ter 
graphi cs technology 10 CU lling edge neurosc ience and optics research. 

Pay i~ 10.78/hr. Po~itions are open to qudents wh wi ll be at CSD 
for at Ica~t th ree more yeLir!-.. and who arc exceptionall y intelli gent. 
creative, and hard working. Ideal appl i ca nt~ wi II possess !->trong sk i li s 
and interest in softwar engi neering. isua l ization , and a compclling 
interest in ~cie nce (particularly bio l o~y and hemi stry) . We wil l 
provide training for the right pcop lc. 

For morc inl"ormation about the projects, the e n ~e, Bureau, and the 
application process, p lease vi~it OLlr web si te at: 

"hUp:llwww-wilson.ucsd.edu/sensesbureau/" 
Posi tion s are avai lable to bcgin immediately or thi~ summcr. 

Applications should be received by April 17. 
(Career 'er vll.:CS ente r. JOP - job # 9 14 125-0) 

said Ihe fc-e if1(,: rea~c would h, an 
A.S. u\fl,liIUlional lock-in kl' .lI1d 
Ihallhe .S. oum:i l would O\ L'r-
sec A P linancial expendil ure ~. 

Walson said thai hi, main C(\I1-
I.:crns wi lh Ihe mcasure arc Ihe 1'.\(:1 
thai he and Chancellor Roherl 
Dynes would nOI he ahle 10 delcnd 
it from legal challcnges. 

Wats\ln slaled in a letter Ihal he 
would allow Ihe mCJsurc III he 
placcdon Ihe ba llol if an explana-
lory lexl was addeo reaffin11lng 
A.S. Council monetary poli l.:Y. 

After Walsofl's lettcr was senl 
to Ihc A.S. council. Diallo 
rcvicwcd Ihe lex I of Ihe cxplanalo-
ry stmement wri llen hy ASP mCII1-
bers. Diallo Ihcn scnt a lcllcr 10 
Walson's oflicc sialing Ihal Ihe 
slalemcnl dllcs cx plain A.S. mone-
lary policy - Iherehy allm ing Ihe 
referendum In go onto Ihc hallol. 

Fiori said Ihat sludenls should 
havc Ihe ri ghl 10 vote on issu 'S. 

" lis kind of scary thm sllm.:-
thing likc Ihal thi s, thai nOI many 
people know about, is going 10 
vOled on," Fiori said. " Wc'lIleavc 
il up to Ihc siudeni s 10 inform 
Ihcmse l vcs, and hopefully Ihc lil-
eralurc Ihal ASP is going 10 pa~~ 
oul during Ihc elccl ion wi ll he 
good and sludcnt s know whal 
Ihcy're vllting on." 



4 OPINION 

A strange conglomeration of 
surf reports and a heavy 
naval influence shape what 
this city claims is culture 
By Nllou Mostafl 
Staff Writer 

While hcing thc homc of thc what is ortcn the most beauti -
ful weather in the continental Unitcd States, San Diego has an 
Ill).~cure and mlher unintercsling culture. 

This is hased on Ihc Websll'rdefinilion of the word "culture" 
- 'The characterislic features of a civilization, including its 
hcliefs, its artislic and material prooUl.:ts, and its social institu-
tions ." 

Everyone delines culture diffcrently. It is possihle, however, 
10 pool those deli nit ions and create a mastcr concept of culture 
as it pertains 10 San Diego. 

The We/ISler delinition of culture, however, needs to he 
expandcd to include history hecause the building of history is 
how a civilizalion gains its delining and memorable charaCler-
istics . 

According to this conglomeration, San Diego actually has a 
culture. It has social institutions like schools. universities. hos-
pitals, Sea World and the zoo. It has newspapers, magazincs 
and othcr artistic and nmterial products. It maintains a weak 
semhlam:e of spirit in its support for the Chargers and the 

Padre~ (only when they an: good, that is). 
What San Diego lacks. however. is a unilied history. Like 

the rest of America, San Diego is comprised of a hodgepodge 
of histories. There exists a strong Latin American culture, 
which permeates into almost every part of this city. TIll': influ-
ence is seen most in the architecture, street names, food and 
language. This could be expected as San Diego (and most of 
California) was onl:e Mexico. 

There is also a pervasive surf culture that helps to define San 
Diego. Its core is the hcach and the sun. Members of this cul-
ture dedicllte their lives to riding the waves of the ocean and liv-
ing off its sand. Surfers look for the kind of jobs that allow them 
to he hy the hcadl and spcnllmost of their time on it. 

Surf culure is chamcterized hy other weird hehavior. For 
example, when was the last time you heard uf a IS-year-old hoy 
getting up at live o'clock in the morning? It 's very mre, hot chances 
arc good thaI if he's gelting up thaI early, i,'s to go surting. 

The last major contrihulOr 10 San Diego culture is the United 
States Navy. San Diego was originally planned ilS a naval ha~\!, 
hut it slowly lIevcloped into a major ci ty. The Navy is crucial to 
the hi~tory of San Diego. Many of the older generations of San 
Diegan, caille here heciluse they were anilialed with the Navy. 

Thcre al.,o exist many suhcultures in San Diego. The differ-
ence hctween Siln Diego ilnd iI cit y ,uch as New Yor~ , though, 
is that therc is no sense of com munit . The geography of this 
ci ty, and alifornia in geneml. is so spread out and divided that 
its people cannot he together. 

The huilding of highways was the death of traditional cul-
ture, We have no ties with om: .mothe r. The different cultures do 
not come in conltlct with each othcr any longer, we instead fly 
past each other on the six-lane roads. 

TIli~ lIoes not fucl growth or change, whether it he artistic or 
othcrwise. In San Diego, rcsident s arc mostly concerned with 

See CUL1UM, Page 10 

Thc UCSD Guardian Monday, March 30, 1998 

PINI N 

Finding enlightening entertainment in our fair city is 
as easy taking a look around; San Diego has it all, from 
art museums to a shared cultural history with Mexico 
By Ryan Olson 
Co-News Editor 

San Diego is a city with secrets that it does not easi ly 
give up. As these cultural jewels are not readi Iy apparent. 
people bemoan the fact that San Diego is cu llurally dead. 
Not only is this assumplion incorrect , it is a shame because 
these people do not know what they an:: rnissing. 

Since San Diego lost its symphony in 1995, the city has 
not had a cultural center. Muscums, galleries and theaters 
are spread across the ~ounty. Most big cities have a cenler 
that people associate with it - such as the French Quarter 
in New Orleans. Because San Diego lacks this cultural 
heart, it 's easy to overlook everything the city docs have. 

In addition to lacking a cultural core, San Diego is 
severely outclassed in the "big-ticket items" - like a 
world-class library and large museums. 

Tourists and outsiders searching for the big-ticket items 
tend to run out of things to do in San Diego after about five 
days. These people go to all of the obvious places - a 
baseball game, Sca World, the zoo and maybe Balboa Park 
for a day. When they get desperate, they go to malls and 
shopping centers to break the tediulll. 

Unfortunately, most people don ' t ~ec more of the ci ty 
than these scant few items. However, it's the little pieces of 
the puzzle that give San Diego its eullural distinclion . 

The landmarks from San Diego's hi story arc plentiful 
and spread across the entire city. For instance, you can 

vi~it the oldest mission in the United Stmes, or Old Town, 
which was the center of the city until the Gre:lt Expansion 
of World War II. The walk alnng Harhor Drive takes you 
through history. passing ,uch historic sites a, Lindhergh 
Field, thc - :Ivy Pier, the onvention cnter and the 
GaslumJl Quarter. 

The crown jewel of San Diego i~ Balboa Park, in the 
center of town. As the gr lunds for the 1912 Pan-Am 'rican 
Exposition, many of the temporary buildings erected still 
,tand today. 

Even though non uf the museums can be considcred 
world class, the park houses thc San Dicgo Zno, numerous 
museums and g;l lIcries, two theater complexes, a beautiful 
Jilpanese garden and numerous International Houses. 

Balboa Park also has an IMAX screen - the largest fi lm 
format in the world. 

Perhaps the greatest disp lay of art and culture in San 
Diego is the inSITE exhibition thatlllkes place every year 
between San Diego and Tijuana. Each year, different 
artists huild pieces of art that correspond to parts of the two 
cities. There arc also lectures and discussions concerning 
the ,tate of art in the region . 

In addilion, the city has a tremendous theater scene. 
The Old Globe in Balboa Park and the La 10lla Playhouse 
(which shares facilities with UCSD), work hard to bring 
o ld classics and new works to San Diego. 

The Old Globe re-Iaunched the musical "How to 
Succeed in Business Without Really Trying ." 

The La 10lla Playhousc, started in 1947 by Gregory 
Peck, Dorothy McGuire and Mel Ferrer, won the 1993 
Tony Award for "Best Regional Theater." Last year, the 
Playhouse hosted the We ·t Coast premiere of "Rent" and 
the world premiere of the musical "Harmony." 

UCSD has a tremendous number of cultural resources. 
In fact, people make a specia l point of coming to our cam-
pus to attend evcnts. 

The University An Gallery hosts many excellent ·exhi-
bitions year-round . The gallery just closed a first -class 
exhibit called "VisAlchemical ," featuring glasswork hy 
artisls such as Dale Chihuly and UCSD professor lIalo 
Scanga. Another show will be opening in two wceh. 

The Stuan Art Collection is a comprehensive ou tdoor 
collection of art spread lhroughout our campus. Although 
some of the pieces in the Stuart collection arc awkward, 
therc arc gems such as the nake Path , La 10lla Vista View 
and the Speaking, Talking and Dead Trees. 

CSD also hosts numerous concerts and performance~. 
The Glenn Miller Orcheslra gave an outstanding perfor-
mance at t he Price Center Ball room last month and the 
RIMAC Arena ho~t~ many popular artist s, including Beck, 
Jewel and Madness. The San Diego International Film 
Festival is based at CSD and premieres many great films 
that would he hard to see anywhere else. 

TIlc region also has a fair amount of natural delights. 
See EN1IIITAIN, Page 10 

Monday, March 30, 199H The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

GRADUATION PLAN WASTES MONEY 
Editor: 

A few week~ ago I picked lip the 
March Y, 199M, is~ ue o f th e 
Gllan/iwl . I learned that the chan-

~c llor recoml11ended that the school 
have a ' 100,000 to 500.000 all-
campus I:Ol11l11enCel11Cnt, has.:d on 
the premises that it will '"hring 
unit y to a dcccntrali/cd campus '· 
ilnd " illlprov.: puhlic rciations:' The 
linancial hurdens of an all -campus 
\.:O mlllellccmcnt do not justi fy the 
pseudo-hcnelits as ~ta ted by some 
IlIcmhers of the A.S. 

"According to A.S. Vice 
President Finance Tony Fiori. gradu-
aling seni ors deserve such a big 
event in Iheir honor. He also helievcs 
that such an event would hring unity 
to a decentrali zed campus: ' 

Somewhere. I lost Tony's train 
of thought. I guess hc Ihinks that 
creating an all -cam pus commence-
ment wi II ~ause studenls tn look at 
the slrangers they sec on Ihe 
Library Walk and th ink, " I don 't 
know Illy fellow studcnts. but when 
I gradua te, I'll be closer to one-
fourth or them hecause we will all 
he ~illing in the RIMAC Ficld 
IOgelher in our ca ps and gowns, lis-
leni ng 10 a really famous person." 

I ju~t don'l sec how a group of 
seniors gat hcred on their last day or 
school. with peopl e they haven·t 
seen hcfnre, nor wi II ever sec again. 
wi ll unit!.: them or the continuing 
students and the incoming fresh-
men of the following year. 

I can tell you that I didn ' t feci 
any closer to my fellow students 
when I read anout Presiden t 
Clinton aI/ending the special all -
campus comlllencement than I do 
when I read th.: CUl/rdiall 's "Life in 
Hell" comic strir . 

There arc many more elfective 
ways for students to unite that arc a 
lot less costly. Some include intra-
mural and var~ity sports. the Ull-
Olympics, sororities and fraterni -
ties , annual feslivals and duhs, just 
10 name a few. 

Many or these prograpls and 
events could use Ihe $ 100.000 to 
more effectively unite students than 
would paying for the thousands of 
rented chairs and all the porta-pot -
ties for th.: p:lrcnts and grandpar-
ents thaI com.: 10 UCSD for their 
second tim .: - it hcing Iheir sec-
ond time only hcca usc their lirst 

Physics Department has 
grading, tutoring and 
laboratory positions open for 
upper division and gra"uate 
students with 1 + year 
Physics coursework. $9.49 
& uplhr. Apply at the Physics 
Student Affairs Office, 115 
Urey Hall Annex or email 
marriott@physics.ucsd.edu. 

3 more days! 

Letters t~g Editor 
The Guardian welcomes letters from 
its readers. All le rrers must be no 
langei than three pages. typed, dou-
ble-spaced and signed. Letters must 
also contain a phone number. We 
reserve the right to edit for length 
and clarity. Letters may be dropped 
off at the Guardian office on the 
second floor of the Old Student 
Center. Send all letters to: 

The Guardian 
Opinion Edito r 

9500 Gifman Dr. 0316 
La Jaffa, CA 92093-0316 

Fax: (619) 534-7691 
e-mail: guardian@ucsd.edu 

time was to attend thei r son's or 
daughlcr's college comlllencement 
just a few days before. 

After learning of Ihe $ 100.000 
all -campus commencemenl idea, I 
thought it ironic when I rece ived in 
the mail my tuilion bill for spring 
quartcr and a letter from Ihe UCSD 
Alumni Association . asking ror 
I/I oney hy orfering Student 
Memhership. 

Tony Fiori tried to justi fy the 
l:Osl of the event hy sayi ng, ··If 
Ihringing togcther the enti re senior 
class l is a priority for the adminis-
tration, they will lind the money." I 
wondcr if Tony received his tuition 
hill and Ihe leller from the Alumni 
Association? The money has to 
<.:omc from somewhere. 

UCSD docs receive donatiolls 
from businesses for things such as 
libraries, scho l ar~hips and new pro-
grams, hut I doubt I hat you can get 
the CEO of Qualcomrn 10 donale 
money to the graduating class of 
1998 for their commencement cere-
mony. The administration will lind 
the money, Tony. It may start from 
the chancellor's discretionary fund 
bUI eventually it will <.:ome from 
you and mc. If not from the tuilion 
we pay now. it will come from Ihe 

~tudcnt~ we leave hehind. 
The same students you daim to 

he ul1lting will cventua lly have to 

pay for those I OO,O()O-plus cer~ ­
monies . If the current students 
don' t pay for it , then the graduated 

cla~scs will eventually pay for it 
whcn they receive thme <.:a ll s from 
Ihe tel cmarketing task force that 
Ihe UCSD Alumni Association cre-
ated to so li cit money from those 
thaI an.! paying olT their student 
loans. 

Do you know where th .: 1110ney 
for A.. (;omcs from , Toni) 
Stu(l\:nts. I f you think that you can 
·'Iind the money" when you nced it. 
I certainly don 't wanl you as AS. 
Vice Prcsidcnt Finance. 

omc ot her A.S. memhcrs 
defcnd\!d th.: all -ca mpus com -
menccment by claiming thaI il will 
improve punlic relations. Lasl year 
when President Clinton came 10 
UCSD, I admit that I did sec arti -
(; Ies ahout it in the local paper and 
television news, hut when is Ihe 
next time the President of the 
United States is go ing In wme to 
UCSD? 

Th.: whole reason UCS D made 
the news was because President 
Clin ton came. That was, as 
Marshall o ll ege Provost ec il 
Lyll e said. a "very rare and very 
special event. It didn ' t sel a prece-
dcnt. II was a one lime event:' I 
don' t think the Scm Diego UllilJll 
Tribul/ e wi ll care anout UCSD's 
commenceillent unless you get a 
cc lchrity to <.:ome. Who arc you 
goi ng 10 get to allend next year? 

The reputation of UCSD should 
depend on the accomplishments of 
our school, not on Ihe cir<.:us act 
that can come to graduation. 

I am always reading ahout pro-
grallls here a\ UCSD that need 
money. I have seen one of thclll _hy 
lirst -hilnd experience. 

In one of my upper-division 
AMES classes, the depanmcnt did 
not have enough money to hire 
another much-needed TA. Instead, 
some students had to higher a tutor 
at $25 dollars an hour (per student) 
to make up for where the tea<.:her and 
the TA could not help. The tutor 
wasn't even a fonner student. The 
tutor had his Ph.D. and was doing 
research, but hi s research gra nts 
were running (Jut, so he worked as a 
TA for the ex tra money! 

Studcnts, who already paid for 
See LEnERS, Page 9 

We',e visiling your a,ea 10 give you a leg up 
on some 01 Kaplan's exciting job opponuni· 
lies in areas like Managemenl, Marketing, 
Operalions and Sales Check oul our 
Management Training Program al our 

OPEN HOUSE 
Mon, AprIl 8, 111m-7pm 

KIipIIn EducIIIonII c.nw 
4350 Eleculve DrIve, SuIte 305 

SIn DIego, CA 12121 

It's never 100 soon 10 Sian Ihlnklng abOul 
work aller gradualion, so don 't lei lhese 
greal opponun~ies pass you byl To reserve 
your space, lax resume 10 (212) 957-9695. 
E-mail : opportunitle.Oklplan.com. or Cllt 
1-aoo-95().0350. Ext 5960 lor lu"her inlor-
malion. EOE WF. 

The UNIVERSITY OF SAN IlIEt:..o offers an intensive ABA 
Approved post graduale 14 week LAWYER'S ASSISTANT 
PROGRAM. This Program will enable you to put your 
education to work as a skilled member 01 the legal team . 

A represenlalive will be on campus 
Wednesday, April 15, 1998 
11 :00 am to 1:00 pm 
Career Services Center 
Multi-Purpose Room 

@tUCSD . Univer~ily 
ol" t"xln Dic80 

Lawyer's Assistant Program 
5998 Alcala Park 

Son Diego, CA 92110-2492 
(619) 260-4579 

Name __________________________________________ _ 

Current Address ______________________________________ __ 

City _______________ State ___ Zip ___ _ 

Current phane # _____________________________ ...,..-,--'-
Permanent phane # 

3 Rai rs of color 
DISPOSABLES 

Free color va riety packs for light 
or dark eyes when you buy 12 
pa irs of FreshLook clear 
dlsposabes (6-mo supply) 

Exam, follow-up, solutions, $149 
6 mo. of FreshLooks® Clear, , 
3-pair Rainbow variety pack. AtlerMlrs 540 reba:' 

DAILY WEAR EXTENDED WEAR 
I $89~* $99** 

COMPLETE . 2 PAIRS B&L FW 
"A LL 'pec,ol"nciud. t,n,." .. am, .yeear •• ,1 and Ioltow up VIII' 

A,Iogmaloc len,., h,gh., Nol 'olod w,ih any olhor all .. 
011." .'P'" A/30/98 

, I .... h} .... I "'c. , . t .. .. · 

ROBUT HUlIl , 0 D • SlEVEN TAYMAN, 0 D 

COSTA VERDE CENTER 
8650 GENESEE AVE. 51£. 220 (619,452-7374 

FASHION VALLEY CENTER 
NEAR SAKS FIfTH AVENUE (619,295-0537 

M F 10 7 • SAl 106 · '" " SUN 11·6 



6 OPINION The UCSD Guardian Monday, March 30, 1998 

COMMENTARY: The tragic adolescent shootings at lonesboro are just another reminder of how the adults in America are 
failing not only in their responsibilities as parents, but also in their responsibqities as <;itizens and .community members 

WE MUST REALIZE OUR CONTRIBUTION TO THE SLAYINGS 
JESSYC 
WALLACE 

-MeSSing With 
Your Mind 

As laM week 's top ~ tory of yet 
another adolescent shooting hroke, 
it also hroke our hearts. Thirteen-
year-old Mitchell Johnson and 11 -
y(;ar-old Andrew Golden opened 
lire on their classmate, and teach-
er~ aftcr pulling a lire alarm to lure 
their prey outside Ihe ~cho()1. 

Four young gir l, and one 
teacher arc uead, and fOll r more 
, tuuenh and one more teat: her were 
wounded in the lire a,s()ciating 
Joneshoro, Arkansas, wilh Pearl, 
Mi ssissippi , and Paducah, 
Kentucky, on the li ~t of violent 
crimI!, commilled hy chi Ielren in 
the past year. 

These schools aren't the only 
evidence of violence amongst our 
chiluren - every day, 10 Americ~1I1 
chi ldren ages I H and under arc 

killed in handgun-related suicides, 
homicides and accidents. ll1is fig-
ure is heavily related 10 the fact that 
at lea,t 25 million American house-
hold, keep handguns and 50 percent 
of thl!ir owners keep them loaded. 

"We do not underst'lI1d what dri-
ve, chi ldren, whether in ,mall 
towns or hig ci ties, to pick up guns 
and take I he lives of others," was 
the official statement is,ued hy 
Pre,iclent Clinton regarding the 
shooting incidents of late. 

I helieve we know exactly whal 
causes chi ldren to shoot other chil-
dren. hut it is more comfortahle to 
c laim ignorance than accept 
responsihility for such atrocities. 

The an,wers to questions of 
how and why children commit ~uch 
heinous crimes must come from 
their parents. However, we can not 
only t-olame the parents of the chil-
dren who acted so ruthlessly. hut 
also other parents in their commu-
niti(;s, counties, states and the 
country. Adults set the st'\I1dards by 
which childn:n li ve. We create the 

other aduHs must 
also take 
responsibility for 
the children In this 
country. The 
children are our 
future and we must 
take care of them. 
consciem;es of the young people. 
We arc role models whet her or not 
we want to he. 

When the tragedy in Paducah 

- -

occurred, we were able to dismiss it 
as a rarefied event, not indicative of 
the real si tuation in rural America. 
When the incidl!nt in Pearl hap-
pened, people began to notice that 
thl!re might he a prohlem in the way 
chi ldren arc heing raised today. After 
Jonesooro, it is time to take a serious 
look at the input children are receiv-
ing from the adults in this country. 

"The average American child 
witnessl!s 45 acts of television vio-
lence each day, most invo lvi ng 
handguns." I' ve wrillel1 hefore 
ahou t vio lence in entertainment 
and the problem it ~auses, hut I've 
always maintained that it shou ldn ' t 
he censored. Adults can make their 
own decisions ahout whnt they 
watch and if someone doesn't wa nt 
to watch it , they don't ha ve to. 

Chi ldren, however, are far less 
discriminating in their viewi ng 
hahits. Most adults have the capac-
ity to judge right from wrong and 
know the dil'ferem;e hetween the 
fantasy of television and rea lity. 
Most children aren't capable of 

such thought processes. 
In addi tion to violence having a 

strong presence on television and in 
the movies, it has also has a stran-
glehold on video games. The poi nt 
of Nintendo, Sega and computer 
games like Mortal Komba!, Postal 
and Duke Nukem is to create enter-
tainment for children from highly 
violent situations . Postal has no 
point other than to go around 
shooting peopk. 

Exposure to televis ion and 
video games is so high today 
hecause parents arc not home 
enough and thi s is what children do 
when they arc alone. Why aren ' t 
parents home'! Many single parents 
must work to support their children 
and therefore the children arc 
latchkey kids. This is viewed hy 
some as a necessary evi I. I do not 
believe it is. 

Divorce, the greatest cause of 
single-parent homes, has become 
an acceptable escape for adults 
who either rushed into marriage or 

See CHILDREN, Page 9 

H. ELECTRICAL ENGINEERING - MECHANICAL ENGINEERING- BUSINESS ANALYSI 

When something is too extreme for words, it's to the Nth degree . And that's the 
level of technology you'll experience at Raytheon . 

Raytheon has formed a new technological superpower- Raytheon Systems 
Company, composed of four major technological giants : Raytheon Electronic 
Systems, Raytheon E-Systems, Raytheon Tt Systems and Hughes Aircraft . 
The new Raytheon Systems Company is driving technology to the limit. And 
we're looking for engineers who wont to push the envelope. Break new ground . 
Make their mark. 

At Roytheon, you' lt toke technotogy- and your career- to the highest possibte 
level. You' ll toke it to the Nth . 

We have a tot to tell you about the new Raytheon Systems Company and the 
exciting opportunities we have available. Plan on visiting our booth at your 
college career fair. If you are unable to attend the fair then check out our web-
site at www.royjobs .com and pteose send your resume to ; Raytheon StaHing, 
P.O. Box 655 474, MS-201 , Dallas, TX 75265 . 

Come to the opinion writers meeting at 5:00 pm this WttdnHday, April 1 In the 
Ou.rdian office, this is NOT a JOkE. We at the opinion office have no sense of 
humor; we are alwayt wry. very serious. Just because It Is AprIl Fools' Day doesn't 
mean that we are going to be funny. Don' 'augh, ju8t oome 10 our ..... 0'" meeting. 

Monday, March JO. 199 The U SO Guardian 

Take the fIrst step 
on an incredible 

• career Journey. 

Aerotek, a nationally recog nized leader in the contract services indus~ry, is 
actively recruiting a diverse community of college graduates. Contract ser-

vices is a thriving industry that has been spurred by global 
competition and rapid technological change. It's no wonder 
contract services has grown to a $100 billion-a-year industry! 
And Aerotek is leading the way- since 1983, we've been the 
fastest-growing contract services firm in the U.S. 

Hundreds of graduates have launched their careers as sales 
recruiters, "selling" the market's top professionals on working 
for Aerotek ... then selling them on providing their services to 
our Fortune 500 clients such as Motorola, IBM, AT&T, 
Lockheed Martin, and Sprint. Our sales recruiters interview, 
market, and develop client relations. And Aerotek will make 
sure you have the tools you need to succeed. 

Our ~ales Recruiters enjoy: 

• A great salary plus bonuses and comprehensive benefits 

• Career planning to support advancement into sales 
and management 

• Opportunities nationwide-130 branch offices across 
North America 

Aerotek/HR 
1301 Parkway Dr. 
Hanover, MD 21076 
' --BOO-921-8090/fax 410-519-3005 
E-mail: coucho@aerotek.com 



8 CALENDAR 

The 
Health & Fitness 

Ongoing 
• Individual Fitness Assess-
ment- at RIMAC every Man & 
Wed, 5-8pm. No appointment 
needed- walk in to the Wellness 
Room, 2nd floor. A FREE stu-
dent service provided by Stu-
dent Health Advocates! Call 
534-2419 for more info! 

Clubs & Meetings 
Thursday, April 2 

• Students for Educational 
Opportunity-help promote 
diversity and provide equal 
opportunity in education. Attend 
the meeting April 2nd at 6:00pm 
in the UCI Room (2nd floor 
Price Center) or email 
nthind@ucsd.edu for more 
information. 

Monday, April 6 
• Fino out how. you can get 
involved in the community and 
do fun volunteer work. Meet 
new people at Community 
Outreach Effort (CORE) Info 
night on Monday, April 6th at 
7:00pm at the Pepper Canyon 
Lodge. 

Services & 
Workshops 

Monday, March 30 
• Good Job Hunting: 8am-
4:30pm, Pick up a copy of the 
Career Services Center's 
Spring Calendar today and start 
planning your job search early, 
Don't miss a great lineup of 
upcoming workshops and 
events including the Spring Job 
Fair, On-Campus Interviews, 
Networking with the Pros and 
Job Search Club, 534-3750. 

Wednesday, April 1 
• Free Interactive Workshop-
"Fool for L.ove" facilitated by 
CogSci grad student Michail 
Gray. For grad students on 
relationship and gender issues 
relevent to grad student life at 
the Women's Center ERC 407. 
4-6pm. 

Ongoing 
• Graduate Women in Sci-
ence, Math, Engineering, 
SOM and SIO: Led by Reina 
Juarez, 534-3875. Mondays, 
1 :00 to 3:00p.m., HSS 2101 . 
Call Reina for a pre-group 
appointment. 
• What's Love Got To Do With 
It? This coed discussion/sup-
port group for both graduate 
and undergraduate students, 
focuses on issues related to 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, March 3D, 1998 

Photo by Dave Lubitz. UCSD Guardian 

beginning and maintaining 
romantic relationships , Led by 
Linda Young. Meets Mondays, 
4:00 to 5:30p.m ., 1003 
Galbraith Hall. Starts March 30, 
1998. Students should call 
Linda, 534-3987, for information 
and to sign up for the group. 
• Bereavement Group- This 
group is designed for students 
who have experienced the 
death of someone significant. 
Led by Jogn Wu. Meets Fri -
days, 2:30-4pm, 1003 Galbraith 
Hall . 
• Asian-American Community 
Forum: This informal drop-in 
group is designed to address 
the concerns of Asian/Pacific 
Islander students at UCSD in a 
supportive and problem-solving 
atmosphere. Issues such as 
career and academic success , 
family pressures, cultural iden-
tity, and relationships are pos-
sible topics . Feel free to bring 
your lunch! Led by Jeanne 
Manese, 534-3035, John Wu , 
534-1579, Meets Fridays, 12:00 
to 1 :30p.m., Cross Cultural 
Center, 510 UC (near Office of 
Grad. Studies and Vis . Arts 
Bldg.) 
• Latino/Chicano Support 
Group: Family, parents, eco-
nomics , friends , relationships,' 
culture - all the above are 
themes that are explored to-
ward the goal of graduation 
from UCSD. Wednesdays, 2:30 
to 4:30p.m., Half Dome Lounge , 
Muir College. Led by Reina 
Juarez, 534-3875 and Dan 
Munoz. 534-0251. 

Weekly 
CALENDAR 
• Campus Black 
Forum: Campus Black 
Forum is an informal 
gathering where we 
invite open discussion 
and exchange ideas, 
gripes, accomplish-
ments, questions and 
concerns on any topic 
relevant to the lives 
and experiences of 
people of African 
Descent. It is a place 
for us to connect with 

other students, staff and faculty 
at UCSD in a casual , support-
ive , community atmosphere. 
Led by Linda Young 534-3987, 
and Michelle Boutte' Burke, 
534-4905. Call for information. 
Fridays, 4:15-6 p.m. , Cross 
Cultural Center, 510 UCntr. 
(Near Office of Grad. Studies 
and Visual Art Buildings) 
• Alcohol & Substance Abuse 
Support Group: If you ask 
yourself if you have a problem, 
or if you know you do, learn 
ways to get back in control of 
your life. Fridays, 2:00 to 4:00 
p.m., Half Dome Lounge, Muir 
College. Led by Dan Munoz, 
534-0251 , and Tana Paget, 
534-1725. 

Lecture 
Thursday, April 2 

• Le~ture by Jose Esteban 
Munoz, Assistant professor, 
Perfomance Stbldies, New York 
University, :Queer Theatre and 
Social Theory: Cholo Jato 
Mappings." Cross Cultural 
Center, noon , FREE. 
• Free Lecture : The Women 's 
Center presents " Behind the 
Crystal Ball : A Real Look at 
Sypsy Womanhood. " Given 
by Marlene Sway, PhD at The 
Women 's Center, BLDG. 407, 
ERC. 4pm. • 

Saturday, April 4 
• Free Lecture! "A Visual His-
tory of the Goddess Tradi-
tion " given by Susan Delaney, 
PhD at Peterson Hall 110. For 
More info call 233-4028 . 1 pm. 

Events & Recreation 
Tuesday, March 31 

• Women's Tennis vs , UC 
Santa Cruz North Campus, 2pm 
• TKE Rush BBQ- Free steaks , 
burgers & beverages! Sun God 
Lawn. For more info about TKE 
Rush Events call 794-7377. 5-
7pm. 

Wednesday, April 1 
• Baseball vs. Cal Lutheran @ 
Titon Baseball Field. 2:30pm. 

Thursday, April 2 
• Meet the Teke's Rush Party. 
Free food & Beverages! 2nd fir. 
West Patio @ the Old Student 
Center. For more info about 
TKE rush events call 794-
7377.5-7pm 

Friday, April 3 
• Traditional Irish Band 
ALTAN to perform at Mandeville 
Auditorium at 8pm. For ticket 
prices and more info call 534-
4090. 
• The Politics of Womanhood 
II : Artist's exhibition at the Cross 
Cultural center. Free! 
• Softball vs. La Verne (DH) @ 
Triton Field. 2:00pm 
• Women's Water Polo vs . 
Redlands @ Canyonview Pool , 
6pm 

Saturday, April 4 
• Men's & Women 's Crew- San 
Diego Crew Classic @ East 
Mission Bay. 7am 
• Baseball vs. California Baptist 
@ Triton Baseball Field. 12pm 
• Women's Water Polo vs . 
UCLA @ Canyonview Pool , 
5pm 

Sunday, April 5 
• ~ree Video Festival-By 
Women & for Women at the 
Visual Arts Building Perfor-
mance Theatre. 1 pm . 
• Balletto di Toscana-dance 
from Italy. Mandeville Audito-
rium, 8pm. For more info call 
534-4090. 

OngOing 
·San Diego Film Festival-
Mandeville Auditorium, 8pm. 
Films change. call 534-4090 for 
more info. 

The Weekly Calenda.r is always looking for illustrations and photos from UCSD. Submissions for the 
Calendar should be 40 words or less and may be edited for length or content. The Guardian office is 
located upstairs in the Student Center, room 217 , mail code 0316). 

Monday, March 30, 1998 The UCSD Guardian OPIN,lON 9 

LEnERS: 
AJ1-campus graduation 
will not unite students 
Continued from p_ge 5 
th .:: class through tuition, were paying .::xtra 
mon.::y because the AMES department - a 
large depart ment on a campus that even 
recei .::d a mulli -million dollar donation 
recently - didn't have enough money! 
Spending lOIS of money on a second com-
mencemt!nt for depaning seniors is nOl like-
I y to send them out more prepared, if core 
classes are lack ing necessary funds. 

In the same Man:h 9 issue of the 
Guardian, then: was an advertisement by the 
Chancellor indicating that the school will 
complete it s institutional accreditation by 
the Western Association of Schools and 
Colleges. Within the adve rti sement , it 
described that one of the purposes of accred-
itation is, "To assure the educational com-
munity, the general public. and other organi· 
zations and agencies that an institution has 
clearly defined ohjec tives appropriate to 
higher education amI that it meets 
Commission standards." 

What kind of objective arc we defining to 
the general public, if we arc fri vo lously 
spending money on an all -campus com-
mencement when there arc core programs 
that need money for basic teaching 
resources? 

In the grand scheme of things here al 
UCSD, $100,000 may just be pocket change, 
but there are better ways the chancellor can 
spend his "discretionary fund ." We. as stu-
dents, are investing in this school and our-
selves. We deserve a pat on the hack for hard 
work, but people wi II forget who comes to our 
commencement. I'm sure the greater joy will 
come when we arc at ajob interview and they 
say "Graduated from UCSD? They have a 
good progrul11 there for this field." 

Daniel Aaron Bartholomeusz 

CHILDREN: 
Adults should act as 
responsible role models 
Continued from lNI.e 8 
arc too lazy to make their marriages work. 

ot all marriages end be,aus.:: of th.:se fac-
tors, but far too many do. This is how adu lts 
are to blame for children, wi th behavior dis-
orders. short alieni ion spans and the inahili -
ty to comprehend simple life situations. 

Even in those homes which can afford 10 
have one parent work and the other stay 
home to rai se the children there arc issues of 
proper parenting sk ill s. Child abuse and 
neglect run rampant in American homes. 

According to CNN, the boys involved in 
the Jonesboro shooting come from "church-
going families with a long and active tradi -
tion of game-hunting." It is arguable that 
children should be exposed to game.hunting 
as a sport , or target practice with handguns, 
especially in light of the recent tragedy. 

Parents must choose carefully to what 
they expose their children. They must think 
about their m;tions and how they will relate 
to what their children perceive. Other adults 
must also take responsibility for the children 
in thi s country. The children arc our future 
and we must take care of th.:m. 

I am reaching out loday to you, the stu -
dents at UCSD, the next generation of parents 
and dccisionmakers of America. Think car.::-
fully about your actions, don 't rush into mar-
riage and parenthood, raise your children with 
thought, and teach your children kindness and 
benevolence, not anger and hatred. Take an 
interest in your community and its attitudes 
and work to change what seems wrong. 

Je.\·JI'Ca, whiit' of len beraled for her 0111-
landish opinirlllJ, aClllally care.l· abollt 
iSSlle.l· Ihat affect her cOII/lI/I/l1ity. If YOII 
kllow oj sOllie gmH illjllJtice that YO II thi"k 
oURht to be addreJJed puhlicly. IJleaJf m ll -
tact her at jessyca_wallacc@hotmail.com. 

!\~) F')ly N()W 1(') dlJCl1ll 
LCDC l"~lll C2QllrLcl ' 1998 

The deadlin(t for applyil18 for the University of 
California in W~hil18ton, . D.C. (UCDC) program is 
May 5. At that time, the applications will ~ reviewed 
and selection of the participants wi ll be made. 
(If space remains available, the Academic Internship 
Program will continue to accept applications unlil 
the end of the quarter.) 
Be sure to stop by AlP (LiLeretur Building, & cond 
floor, Room 3255) and pick up your application. 

"IS illY. Y~I/f( IIlIf Ilr 
~ Yill SfiD ga\'e YOlJ~ ~affle finet? 

If you were a recipient of the CORE Alcohol and Drug Suryey 
and you mailed in your completed survey with your raffle ticket, 
this may be your lucky dayl 
All surveys are in and the winning numbers have been drawn: 

$300 winner: 624261 
$200 winner: 625386 
$100 winners: 624991 624438 624596 

To claim your prize, please take your winning ticket to Student 
Health Services by April 10, '991. Ask to see Nora Wells in 
administration and she will make sure you get paidl 
"Please note: no prize money will be given tIWtI'f without on oHiciol raffle ticket. 

(IMJ1I1LJ1',NJ,'I! 
Please call 534·6033 if you have any questions 

APRIL I G. TBO_P80N .J.uz DlO 
APRILI5 .0NKnWAGON 
APRILZe TBIIN8PBCTOR 
IlAY13 AWIDSUN 
IIAY Z7 TBI PIliP 8YJIPBONY 

IUEOlfSDAYS a1l111111d rotl, Pill. • Fllf • lin [orne get great food specials! 

;:. [ r '- • ~ , " " .~. ,-" 
James Bond attempts to head oU a po...".{ul media mogul intent on triggetill(! a 
global .... or in order to eDliure bette. ratings for hi. falterill(! empire. Bond's allies 
... e Michelle Yeoh 88 Wli Lin, lind Teri Hatche ... ho. despite being the villains 
wife, .hare8 a secret PUllt with 007 . 

• cornea an a pup 
dedicated I!OIdiers .... ho must rise t.o the ch'allenge 01 intergalactic .. arf....., .. hen 8 
specieo 01 alien bugs declore .... or on hwnonity, The story is based on 8 book by 
sci-Ii visionary Robert Heinlein and featurea visual effect •. 

.:.. ~ r 1': ' 1 l' 1 I 
In the sequel to the amazing Jones 
tm'e1y singer Willie Scott team up '0 . etrieve an Indian village's socred glowing 
Stones s.oten by .he deadly Thusiee Cult. With death-delyill(! stunts and action, 
this is on action-paded sequel to Spietberg's heroic film . 

When 8 lriend gea arrested br lUlling 8 NYC police hone, three stoners are 
lorced to raise boit by selling pot •• olen f~ 

!lased on Howard Sten.'s bes.-seII ing autobiography. The IiIm offe ... an 
uncensured. honest look at .he life of Howurd S.em - from hi, troubted 

• childhood to his triumph 8 S the 'King 01 All Media: 

.'ro", the director ol'l'uIp fiction ,' comes a cnme comedy based on the novet 
'Rum Punch: A gun rum.er, a ... orking girt, ond u bail bondsman make "r 
interesting bed feUo .. s alter she gels caught carryill(! dirty money ""d must 
decide ... h ether or flO' '0 coope.ate with the feds. 

Lile-Ioll(! best friend. Holden McNeil and Banky Em.·anh are enJOYUlf! ,tJ0Ce86 lIB 
d.e creato ... ola cult comic book hit . When they meet leI.IO'III cootic book anisl 
Atysso Jones, Holden'. desire ". the beautiful channer is immediate. Alyssa. 

' iC 11 \' I • 
AI' <) A 't j I '. . 

novcl, 
ptoys 0 young man ... ho comes of age in a privileged home. only to move to NY 
t'A U Itt , t . • 

r,1dY 12 VHtll) , •... 
Hitchcock's eerie tolc 01 passioll is considered 8 ciMSIC. JOllies Stewurt •• the hero 

ond his obseosioll "r Kim Novak. 

... edding singer .. ilO gels dumped ot the altar by his 60n<;oo. He III •• Juli A, 
who is engaged.o the wrong guy, and he. lalls in love with he •. He tI.en .ries to 
figure Ollt ho .... he can malte her realize .... hllt a jerk her fiance really is . 

\.·l/·~,--j: ,'~'"il" .' ~ 
When 0 eerret guvernmell' agency re-programe 8 cnmmal. she I.!I released to the 
outside ""'.td .. tll cl r agen •• ~ her missioDli become more demanding, she i. 
tOnt be.ween her olli"nce to tile AIk~ 
~ting is a troubled prodigy ,.,ho can't live up to hi. potential. Robin 
William 5ton lIB a dleropist ... ho .ries .o help the youllg geniU8 Ii"" up to hi. 

without him. GOWEN t;l.ORE .1NNDI BF.S'I'SCREENPIAY! 

............ 'S_III-=--
_ .............. , ......... ..-.. .... 
-----. .... -... , .. . ...... -. 



10 OPINION The UCSD Guardian 

MERGENCY 
MEDICAL EDUCATORS 

MONDAYS 
Ie 

THURSDAYS 

EMT (Emergency Medical Technician) Class starts April 20. Classes 
held Moo and Wed evenings and 5 Saturdays in Kearny Mesa area. 

Completion date June 20. Class prepares students for National 
Certification as EMT. Great for pre-med , PA, health science majors. 

Class, books and National E~am for less than $500! 

The Guardian 
For registration info, ca ll (619) 596-2189 . Program accredited by 

San Diego County Health Depar tment, EMS Division . 
Registration deadline Aprll 1l. Call Today! 

Students in our new 
School of Law will be surrounded 

by commitment, dedication and 
137 year s of un ive rs ity traditi on. 

In the heart of ou thern 

ahfo rnia l i e~ the na ti on's 

newest ABA provisiona"y-

approved School of Law. 

And, as you might expe t w ith a 

new, elite program, students at 

hapman have acce~~ to the be~ t o f all 

that's new: new techno logy, a new law 

library, and very soo n, a new building 

in which to house i t all. 

As part o f an establ ished 

university campus, though, Chapman 

law ~tude nts a l ~o have the benefi t o f 

being part o f a cntury- Iong tradition 

o f exce llence and ethi s. I t's a tradition 

th at\ al ive and C'vident in our faculty, 

a.., w ,II a~ In our s tudent~ . 

I f t ha t\ ~om et h i ng you'd li ke to 

be a pa n of, ca ll -hapma ll U llive r~ lt y '~ 

. c.hool of Law today. W hen you cOllle 

to .hapman , you'll o,urrnund your,elf 

with all th ' thing, you Ill"Cd tv bec.ome 

the kind (If lawyer our '>oclcty needs. 

__ C H APMAN 
__ ~~(I)X , ~ , ',1Y 

~ "",lItl ",,\,,~ L"!Jrl OPPOI llllllil" 
888 -24 2 - 11 3 

iparal11or@c h ap~rnan cdu 

"lIat"," • ~~o 'Ve't North St'fl:I, Ind'ono,."t ... t 4~~02 · ' 11 ·l n4 ·H140 

EN'ERTAIN: 
Seek and ye shall 
find so me fun here 
Continued 'rom page 4 
San Diego County enwmpasse~ 
many dirrerent environ~ . You can 
drive rrom the h..:ach to the d..:,crt 
in ahout two hour, after a ... top in 
the mounlain~. San Diego ha, hun-
dred, or lIlile, or beautiful trai l ~ 
and wonderrul heac hc~ tn cxplor..:. 

So with thi, mueh t:ulture, the 
lluc ... tion bcwme" " Why don ' t 
people know ahout it'!" 

Therc :l Ie \cI'cral ro,,,blc rea-
,Oil'> . I'..:ople ,eelll to he 0,0 i'ocuo,cd 
on hOIl great Ihe Ilcathel .... 111 San 
Diego th,1t they Inight Icnt.! I() rorget 
then; i, Illon; to the cit } than the 
lact that it i, MlIlny and 70 degree, 
all the li lilC. 

San D iego lIlay abo recelvc a lot 
or negative puhlic ity when alllbi-
tiou, endeavors fail. A~ in all thinp, 

CULTURE: 
San Diego has fa lle n 
in to a strange abyss 
Continued from page 4 
their individual m;cds and i nterests 
ra ther than the cOlllmuni ty. 
Ca l iforn ia wa, hui lt on indi vidual-

i ~11l and that Illenta li ty has not 
changed here in San Diego. 

On an arti stic leve l, San D iego 
lacks worth while museum~ and art 
gal leries. A Irip 10 Balboa Park is 
likl:ly 10 leave olle absolutely bored 
out of one's mind. 

San Diego is the sixth largest 
eity in the country and it docsn' t 
hold a cand le to the an museums o f 
Chicago, New York or Los Angeles. 
There doesn' t ex ist even enough 
art istic inte rest to support the San 
D iego Symphony, which went 
hankrupt about three years ago, San 
Diego residents should spent.! more 
ti me in deve loping something sub-
stantial to call their own. 

Qualit y art culture is also nol 
apparent in the architecture of San 
Diego. The hui ldings o f th is city 
are horrendous and unor ig i nal. 

M onday, M arch 30, 1998 

ell.pcrimentati on is needed to flesh 
out ideas and thoughts. Sometimes 
these exper iml.:nt, fail at the cos t of 
prestige and reputation. 

Ab,o , th" desire to produce 
mc.!im;re program~ becau~e they 
are popular detracts rrom San 

Die~o's reputation. Why would 
,Ollleone want to go see a Ill;W, 
untested ,how when ~howo, Ii ke 
"Annie" and "Mi s~ Saigon" arc 
nrpearing in town'! 

Another problem may be the 
fact that San D iego is con,rant Iy in 
the ,hadoy" of Ul\ Angele\. A 101 or 
the hig conce rto,. rlays and exhibit s 
are on l} o,hown in L.A. Frequentl y. 
Illu"cal group~ tr) to go for the 
Illlddle ground heilleen San Dil'go 
and LA . ami hold a W IKert in 
Irville . 

Even though San Diego may 
Im;k anyone l:lllll[lonent thatlllakes 
th\': l: ity , wnd out. there arc enough 
unillue gems to make San Diego a 
unique and cu lturally diverse city. 

Most buildi ngs arc stucco, and the 
standard w lors are pink and beige . 

Less th an reassuringly, there are 
no tradi tional aspects t(l the San 
D iego t:ultu re . Onl y car ita listic 
inst itutions come to mind when 
thi nk ing or San Diego and its cul -
ture, i .e. Sea World and the San 
Diego Zoo. San Diego docs not 
have a stimulating or historica l cu l-
ture. Long- lime res idents even 
complain or permanent b(lredom. 

I f the sun is out there arc oPlxlr-
tuniti es to have fun, but once it stans 
raining there is lillic left to do bu t 
stay at home. In (lne weekend trip to 
Chicago, where the weather is rarely 
even pleasant , you can get smacked 
with more culture than you can l iv-
ing here for over 10 years. 

It is dear lhat San Diego has 
some culture. However, the major 
problem is the lack or eXl: itemcnt 
and zest. San D iego has ml charac-
ter. no li ve liness. Residents don' t 
fee l a part of a throhbing and 
thri ll ing environment. T here is no 
stimu lus. These reasons arc why 
San Diego remains a place 
untouched by change and without 
zeal. 

\).»~~ 
We're looking for people with 
moderate acne, between the ages of 

13 and 3D, to participate in a research 
study using an in vestigative topical 
medication. Patients can receive up to $100 
for participation. Call us to see if you quali~. 

16'9J .292·864' 

Alpha Kappa Psi 
Co-ed Business Fraternity 

Info Night 
April 6th, 1998 7:00PM 
Price Cellter Theater 

M onday,M an:h 30, 1998 The UCSD Guardian 
" ~U"OMOrl'" ~~ 
~ 

~ 
'l3 o SPECIALIZING IN FOREIGN AUTOMOBILES en 

COMPLETE MECHANICAL & ELECTRICAL REPAIRS 

La Jolla 
Villa e Dr. 

805 

Overseas Auto BOOB Miramar Rd. 

* 

Miramar Rd . 

·nutes 12 d1I UC50! frod1 

SERVING UCSO FOR 17 YEARS ••• 
... Excellent references from satisfied customers! 

NISSAN • TOYOTA • ACURA • MAZDA • HYUNDAI • HONDA • MITSUBISHI • ISUZU • VOLKSWAGEN 

iM:O~ T';n~ -u; lEtm 
I Special Our tune up includes a lot more Rog. $55 I than others. /I includes: 

r:--------I Brake Job 
I Special $39* 

I 1. NEW spark plugs 7. Check brakes I 2. Check distributor points 8. Check clutch I 
Front or rear. Brake job includes: 
1. Install front pads or rear shoes 
2. Dra in old brake fluid 

Reg. $80 I 
I 3. Check distributorCondensors 9. Check lights I 4. Adjust timing t o. Check undercarriage for 

5. Check and replenish damage I all fluid and oil levels 11. Check cooling system & hoses I 
6. Adjust dwell angle 12. Road test 

13. Inspect hydraulic sys tem 4. Refi ll hydraulic fluid 
I 5. Bleed brake system 6. Adjust front (If shoes) and rear shoes 
I 7. Road test 

I 
I 

.J 

FREE 
BRAKE 

INSPECTION L. _____________ .J 
~-------------r is-point .fajor-

I Service Special 
I Extra for fuel injected. Our major tune-up includes: 1. NEW Spark Plugs 12. Adjust dwell angle 

2. NEW Air ~l lI e r 13, Adjust carburetor I 3. NEW 011 hlter . 14. Adjust air-to·luel ralto mixture 
4. Change Engine 011 tS. Check steering 

I 5. New fuellilter t 6. Check clutch 6. Check distnbutor pOints t7. Adjust clutch 
7. Check distributor condensor 18. Check brakes I 8. Compre~sion Test t 9. Adjust brakes 9. Valve ad,ustment (II adjustable) 20. Adjust emergency brake 

110. New valve cover gasket 21. Check & replenish all fluid levels (wfY~lve adl~slmenl) 22. Check and adjust exposed belts 
11 . Adjust tlmlllg 23. Check electrical fuses 

I Note: Extra lor 6-cylinder. B-cylinder. and platinum plug s_ 
I.iii __________ _ 

- $79* 
Reg. $150 

24. Lube Iront end 
25. Check for loose nuts & bolts 
26. Check lights 
27. Check undercarriage tor damage 
28. Check and recharge battery (II needed) 
29 . Rotate tries (.1 needed) 
30. Check rire pressure 
3t . Lube door hinges 
32. Check all holders 
33, Check cooling system & hoses 
34. Check exhaust system 
35. Road test 

r-------
I v ~ Oil 

Change & 
20-point 

Safety Check 
Special 

I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 

-------

.J L_ 
-

, 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

.J 
r--~-----I Complete 
I Clutch Job $179* 

We do extended warranty 
'15, 30, 45, 75, &90K service 

I 1. NEW Pressure p late 4. NEW Pilot Bearing 2. NEW Clutch Disk 5. CHANG E tran smission oil 
I 3. NEW Throwout bea ring 6. Road test Note: Hydraulic parts. are not covered. Not for 4WO. Fronl wheet drive .xtra. 

r---------I I Timing Belt 
I I Special L. _____________ .JL. ____________ _ 

*Most cars . With IhlS ad. Expires 4/ 13/98 Call for apPotntmenl 

Brand new parts. Ask about our specials on 
engines. All our work has a 2-year or 
20,OOO-mile limited warranty. All prices 
include parts and labor . 

o BBa, 
, I 

8008-8 Miramar Road. 
Just 12 Illillllles from UCSD 

011 Miralnar Rtf. 

for UC ** students 
"with current student tD 

Call for an appointment now! 

·1990 
Rental car available. Monday-Friday, 7:30 am-6 pm. Open Saturday 

-. 



12 The UCSD Guardian Monday, March '30, 1998 

r---I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

'1.110!~,~~~:.~.~~s ----: 
,....-- BUY 4 TOKENS ••• GET : 

FREE: • Reduce lo,i., OR lOU DO~ ' T PAT ~'8 
lOSf AT lEAST 0" , 

I 

H, ~ /' }/ I ' "' ,~~ 
• R.duce ceo.la. INTHOOUCTOR~ SPECIAl 

Ont! pct cu~lOfN:' PU day OKENS "u .. ...... , .• ucso" .... .,..'o I "'0 _/ 8198 I 
the UTe Food Court 

U.S.News 
I 

Fred Drasner 
Chief Executive Officer 

Reellc" JOCk . 
• fi,,,, o.eI 1i5~ l e. 
• HoI 0 lemp"illOlY 

"ole, 1011 ",.nod 

.U(SD AlIA 
'RIMItTAN 

lis1 ~y (e,,~ 
__ fool" 1I IOlae 
U5·0909 

An Open Letter to Students 
Planning to Attend Law School 

from 
U.S.News & World Report 

&---........ --..,;, 
Dear Student: 

DON'T YOU JUST HATE TO BE GRADED? w ell , by their hrill prate t about U.S.News & World Rcporrlaw chool 
rankings. 0 do mo t of rhe deans of the law schools you are considering. However, as a law school graduate with both a 
.J.D. and a LL.M. degree, I can tell you that these same deans will subject you to rigorous grad ing. You will be required 
to endu re icctures from tenured professor who have not changed their class notes sin e the Battle of Ha tings. Then, 
after attending cla s for a full semester, you will. be given one exam to determine your grade. One exam, one semester, 
one grade. One roll of the dice to measure your performance. 

At U.s.Nc~s & World Report we arc far more equitable (to u e' a legal term). We have a multi-faceted, multi-
dimensional, sOl hi ticated ranking ystem developed and evolved over many year to give you guidance on what 
may be one of your large t fin ancial investments and certainly one of the most important choice fo r your orecr in 
law and perhap beyond . While our law school rankings should not be the only c:iteri a in your choice of a law 
school, they should certain Iy be an important part of the analysis. 

,et your COl y of U .. News & World Re/Jort's Best Graduate Schools guide on new stand now. Or, to make it easier for 
you ro see the l ook that 164 law school deans would prefer you not sec (notwithstand ing their commitment to thc FiL t 
Amcndment), callI 800 836 6397 (a k for cxtcn ion 5105) and I will arrange for a copy of the book to be ent directly 
to you at "l olT the new 'stand pri e.* Thi wiII also en ure that yo u have a COl y of these im portant ranking, be a ll c, a 
a rC.'L1lt of lublicity 'urrouncling the deans' determination to have you ignore the ranki ngs, they are a very hot item. 

These law school ranking arc a mall] art of oLlr philo ophyof cws You all U C': information we bring you in each 
issue of the magazine to help you manage your life. 

Good luci< in law school and good luck on making the right choi e. 

Kindest Regards. 

Sincerely, 

-~--------
../ ----

.. 'llIl'l'ln~ .Ind h.lnclllll):, \ h.I'):.'·" .nldlll,'I1 .• 1 
1290 Avenue of the America, uite 600, New York, Y 10104 

www.usnews.com 

Thursday, MardI 12, 191)H 

ADMITS: 
Number of admitted 
Latinos rose in 1998 
Continued from page 1 
heen ,Idmi llcu 10 the uni ve r,i t . 

The >(; holar, hip progra lll was 
estahli, hed hy Chancellor Rohert 
Dynes to recogni/ e and support 
loca l , tude nt , who engage in \01-
unteer and com ill unit ,ervice. 

In addit ion, Watson said current 
CSD , tudenl s h,l\e heen a,ked to 

help rcnui t ~ tut!enh and im pn)\ e 
the' qualit y 01 I II I! on call1 pu,. 

·· We. have to work toge ther as 
a cOllllnu nit y to convince stu-
de nl , who we admi t. and thc,e 
arc excdlent , tlldcnt,. these al'e 
, IU til.: llt , that ha\c many optio ns 
anti choicc ... avall ahle III them. to 
co lll e 10 UC SD," Wa t,on ,a id . " II 
wo uld h.: a , hamc if we we re to 
give the illlpre"ion th at Ihe he,t 
thing pco ple. l:a ll do i, not co lll e 
III CSD. We arc w rn mi tted a, a 
l:lll llPW' 10 giving all o f our , tu -
tic-n t, an exce ll ent eXflcrience 
hOl h wit hin and outside th c ci a,s -
roOIll . 

However. Mu ir , tlluent Maria 
Salgado. who worb wilh the Earl y 
Adrni ss iolls and Outreal: h pro-

SPACE: N ew 
Indicator has until 
April 5 to move out 
Continued from page 1 
group' arc invi ted 10 u,e the new 
equi plllen1. 

·Th.: new cq uiplllenl ha, ailla/ -
ing puhlishing ahi liti.:s"· Fiori ,a it! . 
"Group, will be ab le 10 u,e thelll 
this week. Wc arc doing every tili ng 
\\e can do to help lIIedia group, 
puh li, h. We apolog i/c for pa , t 
inconvenlcncc, ant! for not JU IllP-
ing on thc hand wagon I'as t 
enough." 

Marc C\lIm:!. an edi tl'" of the 
Walkillg Sl ick and the Glumlill ll 
a"oc ilile copy cdi lor. , aid he i, 
looking forward to moving into Ihc 
new office , pace. Alt hough il wi ll 
not" al fec t the: anlPunt or fn.:qucncy 
that the group puhli, he" oiller 
, aid he 11Ofle, that Ihe new olTil:e 
, ptH;e wi ll help thell1 gel Ili me orga-
ni /cd. 

"We' II now have a , p:lce to ho ld 
our week ly meeting,: ' he: ,ai t! . "Wc 
prohahly won't , tore any co rnpul -
ers there nut wc wllllllo"e our file, 
to the new orlice . 

"The new , pace wi II make u, 
more of a concrclc orga ll i/a ti on:' 
he added. " It ,olidilie, our po,ition 
a, a UCSD mgani /litill ll ." 

Thc \\Iani llg Slic~ puhl i,he, 
2,000 copie, of it , Journal con,i,t-
ing of all the ' lUdent poelry pro~e 
and other a rt wor~ that It cao 
accolll modat e. 

April 1 
Once a year 

GOll p~ 

De ada an real, 
the reid I. funny. J 

gram, said shc hd ieves studeOi s 
() ft ~ n ekct 10 not attend UCSD 
hCl:au,e of it> , mall un Icrrepre-
scnted rac ial-minority slUcknt pop-
ulati nn. 

'"Man> of th ~ ti llle, \ hen \w do 
phonc-a-thon, the lIlai n qu ·,t ion i~ 
. How lIlany of u, are tlll.: re·: · 
Sa lgado sai d. ··Hone,tl ),. from Illy 
ex periences and ohservations here. 
there aren' t man of us - and hasi-
ca ll y, that determi nes where the ' 
an .. ! going to go 

In re'plll1'C. WalMlil ,a id that he 
Iw llc\e, the prohlem of ,t udent s 

' not altendmg CS U becausc of it'> 
, mall underre pre,c nt l: d rac ial-
minori ty pCl pulation i\ ,oll1cwhat 
cirnilar. 

" It \Va, mentioned that l11 an> 
, tudenls Illay he discouraged hy 
our low pcrl:entages of underrepre-
,ented , tudent , '" Wa t,on " lid . " It i ~ 
imposs ihle to get the pen;entage, 
up if no onc CO ll1e'''' 

The I1lllnher of , tudenl " apply-
ing to UCS D ro,e 11 .6 penx ilt 
from 25, I 02 Ia, t year to 2X. 00.+ 
till ' year. The uni ver, it y admitted 
46.5 pnu.: nt of it , applicant , - a 
73 p':m:11I deerea,e fro m la , t yea r. 

Although the llull1her of appl i-
cant, from untkrrepre,entl!d racial 
minorit y group, rose 13.5 po.: rl:ent 

The UCSD Guardian 

"We have to work 
together as a 
community to 
convince students 
who we admit, and 
these are excenent 
students, thesa are 
students that have 
many options and 
choices available to 
them, to come to 
UCSD." 

- Joseph Watson 
Vice Chancellor of Student Affairs 

tim year. the IHl l1lhcr of Iho,e , tu -
denl s who wcre adm itted tlccreascd 
dramalicall y. 

A fr ican.-A lIleri can , t lIlh.: nt , 
ex perienced Ihe largest ueclinc. 
The numh.:r of Afri can-A ma ican 
, tudents adm itt ed decreased 45.6 
percent from 37.1 la, t year 10 203 
th iS ye'lr. 

The numher of Mex ican-
Ameri can , tudent , ad l1l1tted 
dCCfca,cd '+0.1 pen:ent I m ill 1.16 1 
la, t year 10 696 thi, ycar. 

In addi ti on. the numh.:r of 

University of California 

§tudy Abroad! 
....Bn;;~Don't just Thin" About it, 

DD ITI.'!-' _-__ 

The UC Education Abroad Program (EAP) 
and the UCSD Opportunities Abroad 

Program (OAP) offer gyQy, work, ~, 
and internship opportunities in 

Africa, Asia, Canada. Latin America, Oceania, and 
western Europe. 

• Earn Academic Credit 
• Financial Aid Available 
• $400,000 in special Study Abroad 

Scholarships awarded last year! 
It's not too late to go this summer or next tallt 

Come see us for details 

Take a step in a 
new direction ... 

Sponsored by the UC Education Abroad Program 
Choose from locations at: 

• Christchu rch 
• Dunedin 
• Auckland 
• Palmerston North 
• Wellington 
• Hamilton 

Earn UC Credit 
$600 automatic 
scholarships! 
and many more ... 
Financial Aid applies 

Information 
Session 

Wed . April 8, 2:30 pm 
International Center Conference Room 

Nat i ve-Aillcri can siudents admitted 
decreased 37.1 perce nt fro m 105 
IlI,t year to 66 th is year. 

If rac ial preference, had heen 
used in the 191)X se lection process, 
there would have heen an H-percent 
increa,e th is year in the I; ulll ber of 
ad mitted , tudents from underrepre-
,'nted racia l-minori ty group, . 

The num ber of Caucasian , 
Asi an-Alncri can and Fil ipino-
Aillerican stud ' nt s admi tted also 
all denl'ased , Ii ghlly - less Ihan 
10 pl' rcen1. 

In f'I(·1. Latino applkanl, weI',' 
the only gmup to expcrienc' an 
II1Crea,o.: in the IIlI1 11 bcr of , tudcnb 
ad illi tt ed. The nll mher of Latino, 
accepled ro,e 6.4 percent fro m 266 
lasl year to 2X.\ th i> year. 

U SD aiM) admi tted a record 
nUlli her of student, who decl im.:d to 
, talc their ra~c or ethn ici ty. 

Tht: number of adillitted stu -
dent s cllt cgori /.i ng themselves as 
"ot her" increased 6H .9 perccnt 
fmm 1,54 1 lasl year to 2,603 th is 
ye;lr. 

Walson ,a id that the student s 
who deli ned th 'mscl ve, a~ "uther" 
arc IIlostl y Caucasian and A, ian-
A Illerl can . The demographic in for-
IIwti on wa, ohtai ned thro ul,'h 
S.A.T. replHh. 

1)IEWS 13 

Admitted sludenl s who t:hoose 
10 allend UCSD must tlIrn in their 
Stlltemenls of Inlent 10 Regi>ler hy 
Ma I. 

Four other UC ell mpuses have 
announced Iheir admis, ions dala. 

• At Irvi ne. admis,ions were 
dow n ILJ perccnt for African 
American, . 5 percent for Mex ican 
Ameri cans. 19 percent for Latinos 
and 14 percent for Nati ve 
Americans. 

• At UC Ri o.: r, ide. all 
hie stu de nts were 

C-digi-
admitted. 

Atlnll "iuns incrca,,;d .+2 p.:rcc:nl 
fur A fri can American" 52 pelu:nt 
for Mexit:an Americans. 3 1 percent 
for Lati nos li nd 76 percenl for 

ative Americans. 
• At UC Dav is, admis,ion, k ll 

36 pe rce nt for African American" 
17 percent for Mexiclin Ameri can" 
2H percent for Lalinos and I ~ I er-
cent fo r Native Americans. 

• AI UC Santa Cru/ .. admissions 
dec lined 2 percent for African 
Americans hut increased I) percent 
fIl l' Mcx ican Amcricans, 4 percenl 
for Latinos, and 17 percent i"or 

at i ve Ameri can~ . 
Ad nll ss ions fl g u rc~ 1m C 

San ta Barha ra. UCLA . UC 
Bcrkclcy and the entir ' sy~ t em 
wi ll he r.: lcased th is week. 

Education Abroad Program 

Do You Get Along 
Well With 
Kangaroos 
& Koalas? 

Consider a year down under 
with the 

UC Education Abroad Program 
i/l Australia i/l 1999! 

Sclll 1111 rship.1 
II \'Il illllde' 

Eil m UC Credi/ 

Information 
Session 

Wed, April 8, 2:30 pm 
International Center Conference Room 

Spend 1999 in l~l~ [f11 
~@Jn[E~~(~ 

EAP & OAP 
Programs 
Available 

UC EAP Programs in Brazil, Chile, Costa Rica, Mexico 
• Earn UC Credit 
• All UC Financial Aid applies 
• Additiona l Automatic Schola rs hips 
• Semeste r and Year Options 

OAP Programs in Most Latin American Countries! 
• Earn UC Credit 
• Fina ncial Aid applies 
• Summer, Quarter, Se meste r and Year Opllons 

Information 
Session 

Thurs. April 9, 2:30 pm 
International Center Conference Room 

For more information call 534-1123, or abroad@ucsd.edu UCSD Programs Abroad Office 
Visit our Web Site: httpl/orpheus.ucsd.edulicenter/ 



..tI, 

14 SPORTS The CSD Guardian 

$10 PER HOUR 
GUARANTEED + BONUSES 
~ FLEXIBLE HOURS 
~ FEW BLOCKS FROM CAMPUS 
~ PART-TIME HOURS/FULL TIME PAY 
~ CASUAL WORKING ATMOSTPHERE 

r-----Three Summer Sessions: ------, 
~, rrrr}~'" ~,'~~ I ... ... .. June l -July 10 

r~! ' - ~ . ::'~' .. _ ..... ; _,f , , : ~ " . ..... . June 22-July 31 ~ - ,- ,,-. -~~ ~. "".c::.::... -~ _0- ... ~.""..,"/ III . ... July 13-August 21 
L/ / 

' , .r ...".., 

• Over 1,200 day and evening courses to choose from 
• Earn units toward your degree 
• No formal admission to CSULB required 

REGISTER NOW! 
Call (800) 963-2250 ext. 60001 for your free bulletin! 

What's Hot? http:// www.uces.csulb.edu/ Summer 
email: summer@uces.csulb.edu 

Day and Night 
and even weekends 

BREAKIN': 
Tri ton . . drop three of 
four las l week 
Continued from page 20 

P()~\ ihl }' Ihe hesl pcrf() rl11 am:~ 
of Ihe ua ywa~ pUI forwa ru hy Ja\on 
Hlpp al ll . 5 ' ingks. Hipp wa .. 
~c rving for Ih L: malch, hUI wa~ 
unahh.: to ~c al tilL: ucal ", he even-

MEnLE: 
M en and women 
earned meddls 
Continued from page 20 
naled hy Ken)on. Winning for thc 
191h w n\cc uti Vt.: time. However, 
Ihe men from UC SD were not 
dderred hy Kenyon, ," Ihey S\V,1I11 
hrilli an lly during Ihc Ihree-day 
..:venl. Con~" t ency w,,' ag :li n the 
Tnton, ' llloilo;" n..:a rly ..:vcr n cnt 
gkancd more pui nt-. . 

The greal Tn lon l..: al11 ..:ITon had 

HADES: 
Tritons urv ive one 
grueling week 
Continued from page 18 
we played a lerrihlc gaille agai nsl 

Ma~,: ' 
Thi, Friday, the Trit ons play 

hmt II) UniversilY of Redlands <II 0 
p.m. It i~ a huge game for UCSD. 
who hopes to !:Ont i nue its Sl reak 

Monday. Mardi 30. 191) 

tua ll) I(!\I in I h r~c tough ,.: I~ . 
';'our guy, uidn 't do much hil -

ling ovcr , prin g hreak :- Head 
Coach Turner ~a id . -'antl Ihtll ga\ e 
u\ a grclil di ~ll u vllnlage 1a~ 1 wcek ." 

The Tr iton~ Icaw Friday for 
Phoen i~. whcre they will face pow-
erhouse Gu ~ ta vus Ad()lphu~ Co l-
lege ,IIlU Tri nity College. hOl h of 
which' arc nali onally ranked in 

Div i ~ i bn III. 

~o ln e inul vidual lireworh as Tim 
McAteer look ~e,o nd place in the 
l .o50-yaru freestyle . McAleer al so 
tllok homc a hrorll.e Inl:dal. a~ he 
joincd David TudLiry. Ryan Wong. 
and Jason Bocilncr to lake Ihiru in 
the ROO-yard frec ~ty le n.: lay. 

It wa~ another ~ pcclac ular seu-
,on for Hcau Coach Doug Boyd '~ 

l roo p~ - the Tril () n~ ar..: la,1 
hecollling a force 10 hc rcckoned 
witll in Ihe Div i ~ i (ln III poo l. Who 
"n()w~ . lIIay he nex i yea r Ihc Tril () n~ 
ca ll k ll Iho~e Illo n"ro u ~ glanl \ 
In lln Kenyon. 

Ih" ~ca,on h) qu alil ying lor 
;'II; lIi onal, lor the 16th ~trail!ht linl e. 
Redl anu , . the two-lime Di ~ i , i ()n III 
Nati onal 'hamplons, will as, ured-
Iy he planning to throw a .:og inlo 

CSD's plan,_ 
It 's the lir,t wc..: k hack from 

hreak . so nohody should havc too 
Illuch homcwork to dn . Corm: oul 
and support your local team of Tr i-
tons. A home leam alwa ys plays 
hCiler in front of a large crowd. 

Sometime soon, the sports 
staff needs to have a meeting. 

If I ever get off my ass, I'll 
organize a.- damn thing. 

Stay tun"', staffers. .. 

DURING THE SUMMER, UCLA IS OPEN AND OFFERS 
A LARGE SELECTION OF QUALITY UPPER AND 
LOWER DIVISION COURSES BOTH DAY AND NIGHT 
(EVEN A FEW ON WEEKENDS AND ON THE WORLD 
WIDE WEB): 

ARTS 
HUMANITIES 
LANGUAGES 

MANAGEMENT 
MATHEMATICS 

SCIENCE 
SOCIAL SCIENCES 

_____ T=-:E=-S=--=.T--=.P R EPA RAT ION 
AND MORE l 

FOR INFORMATION ON DAYTIME COURSES CALL 
UCLA SUMMER SESSIONS l-aOO-JII-UCLA 
Web site: www.summer.ucla .edu 
E-mail: summer@ucla.edu or call for a free catalog 

FOR INFORMATION ON EVENING AND 
WEEKEND COURSES CALL 
UCLA EXTENSION 1-800-S S4-UCLA 
Enrollment by telephone (310) 825-9971 
Web site: www.unex.ucla.edu 
Catalogs are available at 10995 Le Conte Avenue, . 
I st floor lobby 

Monday . March 30, 1998 The UCSD Guardian 

BE ON T.V. WIN PRIZES YOU ARE INVITED TO 
ATTEND AN ALL DAY PARTY!!! 

THE NEW HIT T.V. SERIES FROM ABC WILL.BE 
FILMING AN EPISODE AT THE RIMAe CENTER 

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 1 2-7 PM 

THE RLD 
GYMNASTICS TOUR APRIL 1, 1998 

SCHEDULED TO APPEAR OLYMPIC GYMNASTS 

KERRISTRUG 
& 

MITCH GAYLORD 
WIN PRIZES INCLUDING $200 CASH, VIDEO RENTALS 

GIFT CERTIFICATES, PHONE CARDS, AND MORE!!! 
TO BE ELIGIBLE TO WIN, YOU MUST BE PRESENT FROM 2-7PM 

15 



16 CLASSI F IEDS 

EVE N T S 
Campmg trip April 17 • t 9 to the Anza Borrego 
Desert. Hiking, swimming , parying. 
Sponsored by the Umbrelta Group and the 
Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, and Transgender 
Association at UCSD. Calt Paul at 277-8262 
or pharrls@ucsd.edu by 4/3 tor Info (3130-4/ 
2) 
Get ready for a Cultural Celebration on April 
4th. A day for fun, family and fnends. Come 
VISit and see dllterent ethnic performances. 
Calt 534-5988 for info. (3130-4/2) 

1!'~I~I.tljaij 41~1 ~~, tJ 
l:;j _9_eoJ: I ::::f'.~ :JII 
,.. ROUND TRIP COURIER FARES 1c 
ondon 5285 Mexico $t 50 Hong Konl $389 
ChiN $360 Sydney 5520 B8IIgkok 370 
~~'~:!'~'I~iI']!!ll'~ili~ 
AIR COU RI ER I NTERNATIONA l. 

1-800-298-1230 24 hr 

Come support UCSD Rugby on ourquestfor 
a national championship. Check Guardian 
for dates and times. (3130) 
Get ready for Cultural Celebration on April 
4th. A day of fun, family and friends. Come 
out and see dilterent ethnic performances. 
(3/30) 
The Episcopal Student Association meets 
every Wednesday from 5:00 to 6:30 pm in 
the tnternational Siudeni Center Conterence 
Room for communion, Christian discussion, 
and free dinner. Students, faculty, and stalt 
welcome. Calt 534·6549 for Information. (31 
30) 
Free in concert , Dakeye & Detour Posse at 
the Cultural Celebration 1998. Saturday, 
April 4th t lam-5pm on N. Scholars Drive . 

The UCSD Guardian 

CLASSIFIEDS 
The UCSD Guardian reserves the right 10 claSSify. edi!. delere oflenslve words and 
phrases, andJorreluse any and all advertisements wlthoUI prior nOllirca lion. TheAdveniser 
will nol hold the Guard,an liable lor any claims resulting Irom the publica tion of Ihe 
advert,semenl. The publisher Will also not be held accountable lor any claim lrom an 
agreement made belween the ad'Jerliser and rne consumer. 
Copy should be rev,ewed by the advenlser lor errors In order to be corrected In the next 
regular issue. all errors must be leported by the corresponding deadline. Credit wrll on ly 
be given forthe ir.corr ct ponlon of Ihe advertlsemenl Thereare no relunds lor cancellallons 
Pte .. e send al1 correspondence regarding Classifieds to: 
UCSD Guardian, Alln: Classified., 9500 Gilman Drive W0316, La Jolla, CA 92093. 
Actual location: Sludent Center A, Room 217. 

Food, art, cralts, calt 534-4390 tor more Info. 
(3130-4/2) 
Free in concert, The 8-Side Players at the 
Culturat Celebration 1998. Saturday April 
4th l1am-5pm on N. Schotars Drive. Food, 
art, cratts, calt 534-4390 for more in fo. (3130· 
4/2) 
Get your See's Candy at the Thurgood 
Marshall College Dean's Ottice for $1.00 
and help support the TMC Scholarship Fund. 
(3/30) 
TAU KAPPA EPStLON SPRtNG RUSH 
EVENTS: BBQ @ the Sun God, 3131198, 5-
7pm. Free steaks, Burgers & Beverages! 
Meel the Teke's, 4/2198 , 5-7pm, 2nd 1Ir. 
palio @ the Old Siudenf Center . Free Food 
& Beverages!, Bachelor Party, 4/3/98, meet 
at Roundtable Pizza 7 -8pm or call Info line 
for rides, BBQ @ Det Mar BeaCh. 4/4/98, 
Time TBA, call Info line for rides. Info line: 
794-7377. (3130) 
Raise up to 5500 or more in one week. 
Fundralsing opportunities available . No 

finanCial obligation . Great for clubs , 
organizations, and motivated students. For 
more information call (888) 51·A·PLUS ext. 
51 . (2112-6/4) 

EMPLOYMENT 
READ BOOKS FOR PAY 
$500 Weekly Possible· No Experience. 
Easy, Fun Way To Earn Extra Money l 

Exciting recorded Message 
Reveals Details 

CALL 619 - 824 - 1398 -Ext#II -B 

INTERVIEWERS $7/HR 
Join the interesting world of marketing 

research, conducting tetephone 
surveys and opinion polls. 

WE TRAIN NO SALES 
25 wpm TYPtNG (we test) 

PM shifts ' 7 days a week · FT or PT 
Apply In ~ Mon Tut Wtd 

person 9am ·4pm 

STUDY ASIA 
SYRACUSE 

ABROAD 
IN 

HONG KONG 
STUDY-TRAVEL IN CHINA 

EXCEPTIONAL SUMMER 
OPPORTUNITY- Camp Wayne, NE PA 
(3hrS/NYC)-Sports oriented. Counselor/ 
Specialists for all LandlWater Sports incl. 
Tennis, Camping. Climbing/Ropes, Mountain 
Biking, Rocketry, Rolter Hockey, Sailing/ 
Water Skiing, A & C, Drama, Radio, Video. 
Campus ;rterviews we~ril 8. Please 
cali l -BBf.137-9296or51 ·3067. Leave 
your name, phone number and mailing 
address. (1122·4/2) 
FUN SUMMER JOBS Gain valuable 
experience working with chitdren outdoors. 
We are looking for caring Summer Day 
Camp staff whose summer home is in the 
San Fernando or Conejo Valley. Ventura, 
Camarillo, Malibu or Simi Valley. General 
Counsefors & Speciafists: swimming, horses, 
boating, fishing, ropes course, music, and 
more. Summer sa laries range 52,100-
53,200+ . Call 818-865-6263 or emai l 

Classified Line 
Ad Rates 

Students: $2 per 20 words 
Facutty & Staff: 53 per 20 words 

Alt others: 54 per 20 words 
Advance payment IS required. 

Classified Display 
Ad Rates 

$9.00 per cofumn inch 
Deadlines: 

Publico"o" 0.1. Display Ads Une Ads 
Monday Noon Thurs. J pm Thurs. 
Thursday Noon Mon. J pm Mon. 

CampJobs@aot.com. (2119-3130) 
SUMMER CAMP JOBS AT CAMP 
TAWONGA. Interviewing on campus 4/06/ 
98. If you tove Yosemite, Kids, and making 
a difference join our summer staff team. 
NOW HIRING: counselors , wilderness 
leaders, lifeguards. kitchen staff, Arts and 
Crafts and more ... Call 534-4500 for an 
application and to schedule an inlerview. A 

. serv ice of the Jewish Commun.!!y. (3/30-4/2) 

JAMESON RANCH CAMP 
seeks mc: fure students to work as 
COUNSELORS at our rustic, self 

su fficient children 's camp. W e need 
positive role models who have at 

least one teachable skill, i.e. 
horseback riding, lifeguards, 

mountain b ikers, archery, drama, 
etc . RM, BD, laundry, plus salary. 

Call 1-800-696-9062 for 
information and appl ication. 

Yoh Scientific needs: 
- hemists 

• B iochclIli sts 
- M icrohio logists 

- Moiccular B inlo(!ists 
-Rcsearch ASSOl: i:ltcS 

' LahTcch niciansl Assi~tanls 
-C hemic,tl E liginecrs 
Fax (6 19)622-90411 

Phone (6 19)622·9005 

~!IJ< 
Seeking experienced computer teacher for 
young child 1-2 hours per week. Please fax 
resume to 619-678-0830. (313.0:,,)'--__ 
tNTERNATlONAl EMPLOYMENT·Teach 
basic conversational English in Southeast 
Asia. Excellent earnings + benefits potential. 
Ask us how! (517) 324-3122e)(\. J59761 . (3/ 
30·4/ 1~ 
EASTERN EUROPE EMPLOYMENT· 
Teach basic conversationat English in 

BUSINESS & 
LIBERAL ARTS COURSES 

1~~~(wJt~~~~~ 
BUY • .SE~~~ RADE a HIGHQM~i& ~'~ 

GENEROUS GRANTS & 
SCHOLARSHIPS 

STUDY 
IN ENGLISH 

INTERNSHIPS 

SYRACUSE UNIVERSITY 
119 Euclid Avenue 

Syracuse, NY 13244·4170 
1·800·235·3472 

suabroad@syr.edu 
http://sumweb.syr .. edLi/di pa 

HIP NEWER STILES 
_~Il~ ~nglasses, silver 

jewelry, blow up 
furniture ... 

6903 La Jolla Blvd 
(at Nautilus) 

551-7057 
open 7 days 

BUY USED BOOKS FOR YOUR SPRING CLASSES AT LEAST 

15% OFF NEW BOOKSTORE PRICES! 
AND ... SELL YOUR USED TEXlS ON COSIGNMENT 

BOTTOM FLOOR I 
1S1WEEKHOURS: 
MON·rUES 8-4 
WED-FRI 10-3 

REGULARHO 
MON·FRll0-3 

Monday, March 30, 1998 

Prague, Budapest & Krakow. Competitive 
wages -+;. benefits. Ask us how! (517) 336-
062p~xt. K59761. (313.0-4/16) 

It .1. of the 
TOPTElW 
SDl-' "'f:a 

CAW'PS 
in the nation! 

Douglas Ranch 
in Carmel Vallev is hiring 

Camp Counselors. Stop bV our 
booth at the Spring Job Fair on 

WedDesda.7, April. 
www.douglascamp.com 

CAMP SEQUOIA 
Is loolting for lIIe bUt II1II.-.11 

Pos itions include: General 
CounselOl1 , Instructors for 

Basketball. RoIfer Hockey, Soccer, 
Softball, Volleyball , Golf, Tennis, 
Gymnastics , Swimming, Lake, 

Theatre. Dance, Aerobics, Ropes 
Course , CeramiCS, Jewelry, WOOd, 

Photo, Fiber Arts, and MOREl 
Competitive Salary. Room, board. & 
travel allowance. Our 67th summe r 

as a co·ed resident camp in the 
Catskill Mtns of NYS. Join a great 
team and make a real difference In 
the lives of children. For application 

& information, please contact: 
SEQUOIA 

P.O. BOXn9 
ROCK HILL, NY 12775 

or call 1-888-6 79-5298 
LET'S CHAT! 

Physics Department has 
grading , tutoring and 
laboratory positions open for 
upper division and graduate 
students with 1 + year 

~hysics coursework, $9.49 
& upJhr. Apply at the Physics 
Student Affajrs Office, 115 
Urey Hall Annex or email 
marrioH@physics.ucsd,edu. 

Over'!iO positions open in Tennis, 
Waters ports, Landsports , Arts , 

Gymnastics, Wilderness & morel 
WICOSUTA FOR GIRLS 
IN NEW HAMPSHIRE 

Come visit with us 
MONDAY, APRIL 6th 

LIBRARY WALK, 10am-2pm 
Excellent Salary/Travel, Room/Board 

For more info or to s'et up an interview 

Call 1-800-846-9426 
CAMP WAYNE· Northeast Pennsylvania (6/ 
20-81 t8l98). Directors for Drama, Camping/ 
Nature, Golf. Counselors for : Tenn is, 
Gymnastics, Sculpture, Guitar, Silkscreen, 
Jewelry, Batik, Calligraphy, Waterski. Sailing, 
Ropes, Basketball, Softball, Selt·Defense, 
Aerobics, Videographer, Group Leader. It you 
tove chitdren and have a skill to oHer call 1-800-
279-3019. On Campus interviews, April 16th at 
Career Services hom 10-4pm. (3130-4116) 
Looking for interns at Merrill Lynch, UTC. 
Please fax resume , ATTN: Erick 
Schenkhuizen at (619) 455-6174 or phone 
at 677-1314. (3130·4/2) 
Summer camp Jobsl Roughing It Day Camp· 
traditional outdoors children's camp in SF 
East Bay. Hiring full season Group 
Counselors ; Instructors. Horsebackrrde/ 
waterfronV SWIm! sports/ crahs/ rockclimb/ 
Mt. bike. Refs/Exper. 510-283·3795 E·mall 
Roughit@aot.com. (3130) 
Cfub Med & Cruise ships now hiling. Free 
details. 203-825·3192. (3130) 
Camp W,cosuta· in NH seeks Counselors: 
Walenront, Tennis, Landsports, GymnastICS, 
Art s, Wilderness , Photo. Satary/ 
Transportation/Room/Board. Call: 1·800-
846-9426. Email: wicocamp@ultranet.com. 

(3130·~ ____ _ 

Monday. March 30, 1998 

Excellent pay for 
medical students or 
residents to write 
board-style medical 
review questions . 

Send resume to 
canulla@home.com 

fax to (602)667-6035 
Retire before you graduate! Learn about the 
company that best·selling authors, doctors, 
and athletes join. Call toll free: 1·888-303-
1449. (3/30-4116) 
WANTED; tNTERNATIONAL HOUSE 
RESIDENT ADVISORS, NEWSLETTER 
AND SPECIAL PROGRAMS INTERNS FOR 
1998-99! Applications availabte, ERC 
Residence Life Office. Deadline 4/24/98. (3/ 

, 30-4/2) 
$15OOweekly potential mailing ourcrrculars. 
No Experience Required. Free Information 
packet. Call 410·783-8279. (2126-6/4) 
Otli~e Assistant wanted S6/hr 12-20hr/wk. 
BUS iness, Account ing, Office 97 , 
organization telephone skills preferred Paul 
222-9463. Fax resume (619) 222-8372. (31 

5-3~ _ 
Statistician needed. SAS Expenenced. Able 
to translate ·stat· talk" into English. Avaitable 
3/98. Cal l 638-9933 with salary range/ 

referenc~ . (315-30) 
On campus job opportunity! Teach swimming 
lessons to all ages and abitities. Weekends 
only. Must be CPR , First Aid certified, and 
have eitherWSI orequivalent hours teaching. 
Pay is $8/hours . Call 534-5246 for 

informatlo~ . (3112,30) 

ROOMMATES 
Share big , sunny Hillcrest 3Br wllh ONE gwf 
professionaV graduate studenl (archaeology) 
and two cats while my partner's away writing . 
Long or shon·term. Furnished or un·. Master 
BR, private bath, share rest. $550/month 
inc!. fireplace, guest room, storage, herb 
garden, cleaning lady 2X1mo., utilities, and 
the place to yourself most weekends. Safe , 
quiet. Walk to Balboa Park; restaurants; 
shopping, bus/shuttte/carpool lines. Quiet, 
responsible non·(or outside·) smoker who 
likes good wine, food, books, and intellectual 
life . Jenny; 534-1979/296-9502 email 
jpoumelle@ucsd.edu (319·30) 
Female Roommate wanted lor Spring 
Quarter, 3bedrm 11 /2 bathtownhbuse near 
UTC, to share doubte, washer, dryer, near 
pool and part<. $190/month + 114 utilities. 
Please call 587-2554 or 679-1242. (3/12-
30) 
Room available· 3 bd. townhous. Near 
schoollbuses. Washer/dryer, dishwasher, 
pooVspa, garage. NS/ND. $400 mo. + 113 

u~l itie~~·0975 . (3130) 
Roommate wanted to share a furnished 2br 
apartment in Coronado. Close to the beach. 
$340/month. Call Sean @ 437-4395. (3/30-
4/2) 

FOR RENT 
Room for rent. $375 + 1/3 utit. 3BRl2 '" BA. 
Close to campus, bus tines. PooVspa, bbq, 
ping pong. Ava il Spring Break·Sept. Heather 

458-9068. (2/19-3130) 
ROOM FOR RENT In a two bedroom, two 
bathroom, furnished apartment in the Del 
Mar/Solana Beach area. Female preferred. 
$530/month + 1/2 utilities. Ptease call 619-
793·6081 . (315-4121 
For rent: UTClLa Jolla Cotony town homes: 
3-bedroom, 2.5 bath, $1600: 4-bedroom, 2-
bath, $1850 July 1. Washer/dryer/ 
refrigerator. Near Vons, UTC, Costa Verde. 
454·~6~ (3130-4/30) 
ROOM AVAILABLE in spadous 3bd12ba 
condo. 1 block away from UTC. Vaulted 
ceilings , washer/dryer, pool,jacuui, parking 
spot. Malelfemate ok. $3651mo. No lease. 
Please catt Mark @ (619) 622-9611 . 
Avaitable 4/15 (3130-4/6) 

FOR SALE 
1984 Honda Civic S Hatchback 3D 105,000 
miles NC , AMlFM Stereo Good Conditions 
$2200 or best offer Tet. 619-558-1824. (31 
12·4/6) 
1990 Mazda MX6- Ssp, power steenng, 
brakes, sunroof, stereo/cassette , alarm. 
72,500 miles. Excellent condition. $5,000 
obo. 455·8201 eves. (3130-4/2) 
Macintosh Pnnter: cotor Stylewriler t 500. 
Never usedl Perfect condition. Color 
cartridges. software included. $250/obo. 
Krisztina 55 t -0153. (3I3~4/2) 
MACINTOSH LCII , color monitor, keyboard, 
mouse, tons of software (programs, games), 
great for school! $30OIobo. Knsztlna 551-
0153. (3130-4/2) 
MAC Performa 6200CD Power PC. 14" color 
monitor, 12RAM, 1.2 GBHD. system 7.5.1, 
modem, mouse. keyboard $ tOOO/obo. Call 
55 t -8797. (3130-4113) 

~ ANT E D 

1~!1~9 
Help a loving family to grow 
HIGH COMPENSATION 

Confidential· Legal· Medical Screening 
Seeking: Intelligent Healthy Person 

Brown or Hazel Eyes 
Dark Brown Hair (curly a plus) 

Caucasian · Medium Build 5'5" . 5'8" 
Call: (619) 793-588060r Information THANK Y U. 
~~~~~~ 
~ WOMEN WHO ~ 
~ ARE PROUD ~ 
~ of th eir heri tag e. you ~ 
; may be eligible to be an ; 

~ egg donor if you are ~ 
~ 21 -28 years , healthy, ~ 
~ responsibl e. ~ 
~ Call Stephanie , FFC ~ 
~ 619-581-1820 ~ 
~ GENEROUS ~ 
~ COMPENSATION ~ 
~ Asian dDnDrs needed ~ 

~~~~~~ 
Professional couple with secondary ovarian 
faiture seeks woman to help them have a 
child through surrogacy. 520,000. 800-450-
5343. (2112-4/2.£) _ 

R 
CULTURRL 

HISTORY OF 
RMERICRN JEWRY 

The UCSD Guardian 

EGG DONORS 
WANTED 

• II you are a healthy female 
between the ages of 19 and 30 

and have health insurance. 
Compensation $3,500. 

Call Mirna Navas at 

(310) 829-8782 
for more info. 

WE'RE LOOKtNG FOR A FEW GOOD 
SPERM. All races needed. Donors must be 
20 ·38 years Compensation $50 per 
acceplable donation. Call OPTIONS (800) 
886-9373 . (212-6/4 ) 
Jewish Amencan subjects reimbursed for 
interview. If you are a UCSD student, 21-25, 
call 552-8585 x4185 for more Informatron (1/ 
t2-6/4) 
Healthy mate volunteers ages 25 to 50 years 
old are needed to participate In a study 
examining the effect of sound on the eyebhnk 
refiexatthe UCSD Medlcat Center In Hillcrest. 
No medications. Intact hearing required Free 
shuttle transportation is avaltable Monetary 
compensation Will be provided for eligible 
participants who comple te the study. Call 
543-2494 for ~ormation. (2126 -4/2) 
WANTED : GERMAN TUTOR , 
CONVERSATIONAL & READING. 5101HR. 
JAN 623-2748. (3/30-4/2) 
Male college students needed for psychology 
PhD dissertation research. 50 minutes at 
CSPP 2 free movie tickets. 760-436-4028. 
(3/30-4/6) 
EGG DONORS NEEDED! Have you 
considered helping an infert ile couple 's 
dream come true? II you're 2t -30 years and 
willing to help, ptease call OPTIONS at (800) 
886-9373. All races needed. Compensation 
$3,500. (3130-6/4) 
Child care, lIve·ln. Young couple With 2 
children (16 months and two months) , UCSD 
area. 458-9907. (3130-4/2) 
JeWish American subjects reimbursed for 
interview. II you are a UCSD sludent, 21-25, 
ca ll 552-8585 x4 t85 tor more information. 
(3130-6/4) 

Since 1933, Gold A rrow 
Camp h.u pruv Jd~d .. 
tradlllonal. non· 
comp~t illve progr,un 
for boys and gI rls .. ~~ 
6-14 located on the 
shore of HuntlnKlon 
Lake. We are now hiring 
group counselors .' od 
mslructors in the rollowlng .lCflvlhes. 
- archery - Jrts &: crllrts - SOJi ling - h$hlllg -
waterskiing - Windsurfing - rlflt!ry - ropes 
course - horsebctck riding - rock climbing -
nature stud y - w immlOg - lifeguards -
mount,lin biking - backpacking · and others 

• 
To requesl an a pptica lion ca II 

1-800-554-2267 or visit or web site at 
www.goldarrowc~mp.com 

Egg Donors Needed: Help an infertile couple 
fulfill their dreams of parenthood. Financial 
compensation. Call Susan 909·506-11 71. 
(3130) 
Males and femates paid $30.00 for interview. 
II you are of Japanese, Korean, or Chinese 
descent call VA, 552-8585 x2182. (3130·6/4) 
WANTED : INTERNATIONAL HOUSE 
RESIDENT ADVISORS, NEWSLETTER 

FIND 
Roommates 

TRAas the cultural history of American Jews from the beginning s in the seventeenth 
century to the present day. Emphasis is on the period of mass emigration that 

began in the 1880s from Russia and Polond . For this period we study 
JEWISH CULTURE in the Old Countries, Yiddish literature, the Je w ish 

TIckets 
Can 
Bikes 
Deals 

Renlals 
StemlS labor movement in America, and the establishment of a p eculiar 

Je w ish·A merican cu lture in the twentieth century. WE LOOK 
into such diverse topicS as personal attire, music, and the 

architectural styles of th e synagogues. Examines the ethnic and 
cultu ral heritage of the vast majority o f Amer ica n jews. Readings are 

drown from history, litera ture, memoirs, and the periodical press. Lectures, 
slide presentalions, music, elc. 

Instructor: 
Or. Steve Cassedq 

LIT GENERRL 159. 
Tu-Th 11:10-12:30 

LIT 3355 
10 #315162 

Surfboards 
Auto Repair 

SlIes 
Jobs 

Computers 
and more in 

TIt ......... 
upstairs In the 
Student Center 

aboYe the 
General Store. 

• 

AND SPECIAL PROGRAMS INTERNS FOR 
1998-991 Applications available, ERC 
Residence life Office. Deadline 4/24198. (31 
30-4/2) 

SERVICES 
1- SIMULATED 

INTERVIEWS 
for 

PRE-HEALTH STUDENTS 
Completed Applicario/l s due 
Friday, Ap,ril 10 at 4 p.m. 

If you're a Junior or senior applying 
for Fal l 1999 admiSSion to hea lth 

protessional programs like 
medicine, dentistry, pharmacy, 

nursing or optometry, don't miss 
th is opportunity to improve your 

Interview skill s 

CAREER SERVlaS CENTtR 
5344'3' 

PSYCHOTHERAPY. Become better able to 
cope with lile 's stresses . Identify and 
overcome obstacles to academic 
achievement. Help with mood difficulliHs, 
anx iety, identi ty issues, rela llonship 
problems. Support ive , caring approach. 
Ctose tocampus. Reduced fees for students. 
Carot Randotph, PhD (PSYI5060) 619-
699-8484. (1120-3130) 
CHEEPER PEEPERSI Eye exam and 
complete pairof glasses·only $99. 10mlnutes 
from UCSD. Dr. Selby O.D. 578-6796. (1/ 
12-3130) 
CONTACTS· Exam, filling, tollow·up, one 
pair OW soft contacts· only $89. Ask about 
our incredible colored lens offer. Dr Selby 
0 .0 . 578·6796. (1112.31301 _ 
READY TO SPEAK SPANISH? tnstituto 
CALMECAC, Guanajuato, MeXICO. Live with 
family. 4 weeks: $785-live classes/day, M· 
F, roomiboard. modem56@ quijote .ugto.mx 
(215-4/9) 
Word Processing ServIces. Fast and 
accurate. 20 + years experience. North 
County. Call (760) 741-3512. Leave Ill,,, .. agle. (319-412) 

CLASSIFIEDS 17 

GOOD JOB 
HUNTING 

The Career Services Center's 
Spring Calendar 0' Event. is 

nowavailoble! 
Pick up a capy today and slart 
planning your job search eorly! 

Upcoming event.: 
4/ 6 Job Fair Jumpstort Workshop 
4/7 On·Camera Practice 

InterViewing Workshop 
4/8 Spring Job Fair 

CAREER SERVICES CENTER 
534 - 3750 

Typing/Desktop Publishing: Resumes , 
Papers, Dessertatlons, ManUSCripts. $2.00/ 
page or $20lhr. Cari 514-8668. (3130·4/2) 
PSYCHOTHERAPY: IndIvidual and couples 
therapy , In a supportive and caring 
environment. to help you deal with Personal, 
Family & School Pressures . Relatronship 
Issues, Dep ression , Loss. AnXie ty , 
Pregnancy. Sell· Esteem, Motivation, Career 
tssues, etc. Laurie Kolt, PhD., Psychotogist 
(licN PSY8556), La Jolla 456-2005. (~30) 

PERSONALS 
Here's news: There's going to be a contest to 
DESIGN THE T·SHfRT FOR THE 
C,HANCELLOR'S 5K RUNlWALK in Fall 
'98! The copy must include "1998 
Chancellor's Challenge: 5K Run/Walk for 
Scholars, and the date Oct. 23 If you like. The 
winner will be selected by a committee of 
staff and students. Winner gets free entry in 
the race and tunch with Chancellor Dynes. 
Su:Jmlt hard copy and disk. For details call 
the Athtetics Office at 534-4211. Deadline 
May 15th. (3130) 
Well, call me Ishmael-Channel 8 plans to 
cover(UVE I) the return of JJ the whale tothe 
deep s':,a. I'd love to ~ve his age".!l.31~)" ' 
Last note on the Oscars: Joan, I last saw that 
dress on an albin~mime . (3130) 
To the deep thinker and pundit, Reggie 
White: You left out this tittle tacl-football 
ptayers are ~up~ . (3/30_) __ 

with guests SKANIC 
& Price of Dope 

11X 
m[J~ 

& Special Guests 

345 B St. Downtown 
(619)231-4343 
21 & over with 10 



, 

, 

18 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian Monday, March 30, 1998 

Women's Water Polo Endures 
Hell Week, Takes Third Place 

• 

TERRAPINS: The No: I O-ranked Tritons entered the Claremont College 
lnvi tational, losing to UMass but beating University of Maryland to take third 

Study international law at Golden Gate and make 
contact. with peopl. from many nation •. As you 
study international law. you can focus on bu.in •••• 
t ••• trade. or the .nvironment. You can al.o traval to 
I.tanbul and Bangkok through our .ummar law 
abroad program • . 

It'. not too late! 
Apply by April 15 10r full -t ime lall 1998 
Apply by June 1 lor part-lime (evemngl fall 1998 

You can be part of the international legal network! 
Contact u. for en information packet: 
phone : (4151 442-6630 fax: (4151442-6631 
a-mail : lawadmlt@ggu ,edu web.ite: www.ggu edu/law 

SCHOOL OF LAW 

536 M'ls,on 51 rw, San Fra nCl co, CA 941 05-296 

By Jonah Nisenson 
Co ASSOCiate Sports Editor 

11 \ douhlful if ~ pring hn.:ak for 
rno,1 SO \ lu (ll;nb wa, a, 
[lainful a~ il W'l\ for Ihc worncn \ 
watcr [lolo lea rn , c'[lecial -
I} sincc Ihe Tillon, 
endun.;d whal i., lenned 
"hell week" II hilL- Ihe re,1 
of C D crnharked on 
week-long ~.dari, In tro[li -
cal [llaee" 

The o. I O-ranked Tri -
lon, kicked 1M hell week 
h) Iraining Monday and 
Tm;sday wil h Ihe No, 3-mnked UC 
Berkdey team. On Tue,day, Ihe 
la, 1 day of joi nl Iraining. Ihe two 
le.um ,quared off in a game al 
Canyonview Pool. Cal won, 10-.\ 
hUI Ihe g;lIne was much closer Ihan 
the lea rns' last mee ting. the season 
o[lener. in whic h Ihe Bears handled 
thc Tritons convi ncingly, 15-2. 

In addi tion. three- time U.S. 
Olym[lic goalie Craig Wilson ca rne 
OUI to a pract ice and lalked to 
UCSO's goa lies, giving them 
poinler, on how to illlrrove thclr 
game. 

'Training with Ihem wa, a lot of 
fun :' ju nior Kalhryn OZ;lki ,aid. 
"Ohviou, ly it helped LI S more Ihan 
il hdped Ihem, hut they were ,till 
super nice. Working wi th difi'crcnl 
peoric and ,eei ng dilT!.!renl wach-
c, ' uri li s he lped our game Olll a 
lot." 

In Ihe fir, t qUJrter of the game 
CSD Iloundcred, fa lling to an 

early 4- 1 deficit. The Bcars never 
looked hack after Ihat, as Colette 
Glinkowski lired in 3 goab during 

the game, showing Ihe Tri -
lOllS why Cal remain;, No. 
3 in th!.! nat ion. 

For UCSD. ju nior 
Jenny Ir wi n, sO[lhomore 
Angie Kondral and Ozaki 
each ,,:ored I-[loi nt goals, 
,preading thern out over 
three quarters, The di 'ap-
roi nHncnl for the ; 'ritons 

was Iheir six-on-five shooting. 
which wa, a dismal I for 8 on Ihe 
day, 

" II 's a good news, had ncws si t-
uation," Harper ,aid. "The good 
news i, we keep drawing cjeetions, 
the had news is we can 'l put Ihe 
hall away," 

On the weekend of March 20-
22, UCSD took third place in the 
Claremont College Invitational 
among a lie ld of 16 teams, Despite 
Ihe leam's 5- 12 record on the sea-
son, Harper was r leased wi lh hi s 
leam's r erformance. 

"We arc dclini te ly illl[lrovi ng 
and dning well despite nOi havi ng 
Dara Burch Iwho i, ~i delined due 
10 an injury!," Harper said, " I UIll 
plea,!.!d wi lh our [lrogres, on clos-
ing Ihe gar hetween ourselves and 
the IO[l notch teams and qualifying 
for ationals lor the 151 h straigh l 

)'ear." 
In it, first gallic aga imt Cal Pol) 

' San Lui ;, Ohispo, CSD , nagged a 
convincing 14-7 wi n, 

The following game ve rsus 
Princeton Unive rsi lY was a closer 
malch , hut UCSD hung on to a 4- 1 
lead, sending itse lf to a semilinal 
mJI <: h with No. 7 Un iversi ly of 
Massachuse ll s, Ihe hi ghesi-ranking 
leam from the East Coast. In ,\ 
game of ups and downs. UMa;" 
held un fur an 8-2 vit:tory, dashing 
Ihe Trilons' hores al the cham[li -
onshi[l game. 

The loss pitted UCSD against 
Ihe Uni vcrsi ly of Maryland - who 
fe ll to USC in sudden death over-
time in the olher semifinal game -
for the third-place game. 

This game lurned out 10 be the 
Tritons' strongest showing of the 
tournamcn t, where they pulled olT a 
7-6 wi n. UCSD cruised on an early 
lead unlil the fourth quarter. when 
the Terrapi ns swung the momen-
tum their way wi lh a few timely 
goa l" maki ng a furti ve last-di lch 
d'fort at dousing the Tri tons hore, . 
Despite Maryland 's desparate run , 
Ihe Trilons held ofT thei r COUnier-
[larts, s~c uring third place in Ihe 
Invi lational. 

" We [llayed a reall y good 
ga me," Ozaki said. "People werc 
moving, Ihings were clicking, II 
was good because Ihe day oe lore. 

See HADES, Page 14 

Sunshine Store • Double Prints • No Limit 

The all new Old EI Paso Cafe is now at the 
Rat~skeller in Muir, servi ng authentic 
southwestern style tacos, burritos, nachos, 
and "Tostacos" all with the savory flavors 
of green chiles and spicy jalapenos! Enjoy a 

full line of Old El Pa 0 brand snacks and meals, as well as 
fresh bakery items, prewrapped salads and sandwiches, 
candy galore, and hot and cold beverages! Pierre's favorite 
dish is the "Tostaco," a crazy cross between a taco and a 
tostada! It's totally unique and totally tasty! I prefer the 
Old EI Paso bunitos. They really get the endorphines 
going! The RathskeUer also sports a super cool game room 
packed with video games! With its late hours, hot meals, 
quick snacks, and stimulating entertainment, 
Rathskeller is the perfect place to take a break 
from the monotony of your chemistry 

homework and endless Muir 40 papers, 

4"x6" $399 

~EL!"So 
. ' 

Love, 
/)t:etclten All color print rolls developed & printed. 

C-41 Process Only. No APS, slides or 8fW please. 
www-bookstore.ucsd.edu 

MolW t'haa Mexia., It'. Plawr: 

Monda . March 30, 1998 The CSD Guardian 'PORTS 19 

UCSD Slogs Through the Bog 
Against Top-Notch Competition 

AUTO 
SERVICE 

Quality & Service Guaranteed 
.S MOST POPUlAR 

OIlE :l~C;;~:VICE CENTERS SOGGY: The Tritons hosted the UC San Diego Open last weekend, and although it wa, wet and Division l schools were abundant, they fared well 
By Saul Sheridan 
Staff Wnter 

As an athlete. trying 10 lind 
ways to Im[lro\ e is alway, nece,-
,ary, ThoM' who hayc com[lcled on 
J leam know thai imprme-
menl co mes from [llaying 
again~1 Ihe he,1 competi -
lors p<hsihk. 

Thi, Sa tu rday al 
RIM AC licld. the TrilOn 
alhlclc, gOI a chance 10 
COI11[lc le against some of 
Ihe very hesl ath letes in 
Ihe cou ntry al Ihe CSD 

pring Break O[lcn. 
There wa, no shortage of lOp 

Irack and lield performers here as 
athlele, froJ1J ,uch schoob u: USc. 

CLA and San Diego 51 ale were 
prescnt at the meet. In addilion 10 
~[lonsored ulhlete, from major 
companie, ,uch .\1, R.:ehok , To Be 
in the coillpan) of an Olympian al 
this Illcel I, delinilely nol unusual. 
," Iherl' \\'~ rl' qui le a few here for 
the ~ven 1. 

AguJIl'1 ,uch great wlll[lelil Ion 
and in ,pite of poor weal her condi -
tions Ihat plagucd Ihe cnlin.: mce t. 
the Tri ton ,t!uJd gave a IOllgh. 
comp.:llti l'e performance and rep-
re,entcd UCSD wit h pride , 

The Trill,n, lurned in ,evcral 
oUI,landing individual perfor-
mances Salurday. ,elling ,,:vcral 
personal records and [lrovisionally 
qualifyi ng many individuals lor 

ationals, 
Among thosc who PUI in a ,o lid 

performance wa, mcn' , 5.000-
meter runn.:r Gavin Klinger, 

De'rilejust regai ning form arter 
heing hampered wi lh nag-
ging injurie, ea rl y on in 
the s.:ason, Klinger provi-
,ionall y qualilied I'm 

ationals in Ihe event. 
" I am quile sat isfi ed 

wi lh l11y performance Ihis 
week:' Klinger ,aid, "Thi, 
weeke nd was a hig Ii r!.1 
Sl.:r, hUI I am gOlJ1g 10 

haw to keep improvi ng my lime as 
Ihe year progresse,:' 

A not her sirong rcrformanl.;e 
wa, pUI in hy TiJ1J Prudence, who 
rrovi,ionally qualilicd with a per-
>onal hest in Ihe .tOO-meter hurdles. 
Prudcncc allri hLJIcd hi s excellcnl 
showing 10 the time olT he and the 
resl of lhe learn had during linals to 
n,:cu[lerate from injury. 

"For I11C pen-,onall y Ihe lime off 
wa, key." Prudence ,aid , "I had 
hecn hOlhered wi lh , hin ,pli nt , and 
a ,ore h:llmtring, The lime olT gave 
Itte Ii Itte to r.:covcr." 

Perhap, Ihe he,1 rl~ rfl lrJt1 ,\n(c of 
the elllir.: l1Iee l I~' a, Ihe elTon of 
Mal l Scefe ld , wito ,cl [lcr,ollal 
n;cord" ill the liall1l1ter Ihrow. , hOI 
pUI and Ihe di,L'u" S~!.!fd d gill an 
automalic hid lor National, ill the 
discll' wi th a remarkahlc throw pI' 
16:1'.1", 

On the \\'() m!.!n ·, ,Ide, Ihc le,lm 
turned in selc ral ,Iron)! perfor-
m'lIKC\. 

Nil'Ok Rodriguo ga\'c a partic-
ularl y ,trong p~ rl oJ'Jnan cc and 
de'[lile Illl: rain) and windy co ndi -
t ion" recorded her ,ccond hl" t 
tim.: of Ih..: ,ea,on in Ihe 4()O-llleler 
hurd ks wi th a lime of M .I1,1 , 
Rodriguc!.. who has alr~ady provi-
siona lly qualili ed in the evcnt. b 
jusl three-tenth, of a second olT her 
pcr;,onal he,1 for an aUl omatic 
qua lilier in th~ ev..:nl. 

'The whok running leam really 
compet.:t! hard oul there." 
Rodrigue!. ,aid, " II wa, >II L'! lld and 
rni,crahk nUl there, we all j ust 
gave il our he,t de,pite Ihe condi-
tion" 

On the women" Ihrowing 
squad, however. Ihc poor condi-
tions look thdr loll I'n Ihe t.:am , 
Le, li e evam gave whal , he 
de,crihed as a mediocre pc r for-

Jllanc~, 

"I ju,1 had a had day \lui Ih..:rc," 
Ev'ln , ,a id . "Bul hllpefully ne,\1 
week thing, will go hCller Cllli 
Ihere," 

The Trilnm delinilel) le,t rned 
from Ihis ex perienc<:, and IHlp ' 10 
,Iep il u[l anl'lher level in Iheir next 
meet a, Ihey Ira\..:! 10 Riv..:r,i de 
Ihi , Saturday. whcr..: th..:y will he 
give n a chance to di'play Iheir 
,ki lls al the UC River,idc In ~ ta­
liona!. 

.. 

Honesty is Our # I Priority 
Complete auto repair, all makes and modefs 

European • Japanese • Domestic 
ApproyecJ 'eased ye"ide seryice. ASE certified for: 
• ENGINE REPAIR AND PERFORMANCE D IAGNOSIS 
• AUTO TRANSMI SSION/ TRAN SAXLE 
• MANUAL TRANSMISSION/CLUTCH 
• SUSPEN SION AND STEERING 
• COMPLETE BRAKE JOBS 
• ELECTRICAL/ELECTRONIC SY STEMS 
• HEATING AND AI R CONDITIONING 
• COMPLETE M AINTENANCE AND SCHEDULED SERVICES 

& more. Call for an appointment' 

-------, Menlion this ad and receive a 
3S-PT. COMPLETE I 
TRAVEL & SAFETY I 
INSPECTION , . $6~v=! __ .!RE~ 

Castrol Motor Oil 

FREE 
TOWING 

Call for details 

15 minutes 'rom UCSD' Take Lo Jollo Villoge easl, il turns inlo Miramar! 

7998 MIRAMAR ROAD, SUITE B 
888-5-FIX CAR/5&&-7552 

Fox: 566-7553 • OPEN 7 DAYS A WEEK· Mon.-Sol. 8;00 ,6'30, Sun, 9·6 

this Saturday night ... 
SUN GOD FESTIVAL . - ' I , ,,' t,,' ~ . 

.. _ \4 . ~ . 534-4450 
,--, \ htt :/Iasucsd.ucsd.edu 

AS Authonzed Propaganda IS produced each Monday by Itle Assoclaled SllJdenl~. UCSO Siudeni Or'Janlz3hons are encouraged 
10 advenlse In Ihls by ' ,lIlng oullhe form local&d ou151de Ihe A 5 SecreTary 's ott lce on the lrd floor 01 The Price CeOlOI or ema-I us 
(subJeCI Synergy) asucsd@ ucsdedu SubmiSSions are due each Wednesday at noon lor Ihe ne)(1 Monday'5lssu 

1998 
ELECTIONS 
APRIL 7,8,9,1998 

POLLS OPEN AT 10:00 AM EACH DAY 
VOTING LOCATIONS: 

PRICE CENTER LIBRARY WALK 
CENTER HALL LIBRARY WALK 
A P & M WALKWAY 
REVELLE PLAZA 
PETERSON HALL 

Results will be announced at Round Table Pizza, Price 
Center, Thursday, April 10, 4:00 PM 

BAND FACE-OFF ' 
Come to the Stage this Saturday night to check out the possible 

acts for the Sun God Festival. Check at the Stage for time. 

CUL TURAL CELEBRATION 1998 
20 YEAR ANNIVERSARY 

SATURDAY, APRIL 4, 11 AM - 5 PM 
THURGOOD MARSHALL CAMPUS 

Featuring free, in concert: 
Dakeye & Detour Posse 

The B-Side Players 
Mariachi Del Mar 

plus 
Aztec, Native American, Middle Eastern, African Stilt, Polynesian, 

Pili pi no, Step, & The Z90 Dancers, Ethnic Foods, Prizes, Arts & Crafts 
Childrens Games, Llama Rides, Asrro;ump and MORE! 

ASUCSD POSITIONS AVAILABLE 
DIDN'T GET A CHANCE TO RUN IN THE 

ELECTIONS? WHAT NOW??!! ••• 
Intere s ted in getting involved with the AS? We need A.S . representatives to 
advocate the undergraduate s tudent body on variety of issues . 
CounCil posiflons: 
Director of Development 
Financial Controller 
Director of Public Relations 
Student Advocate office posillons: Asst Student Advcate, Issues Coordinator 
External Affairs office: Campus Office Director, National Affairs Director, 

S ta te Wide Affairs Direc tor, and m ny more . 
Many Campus Wide CommIttees 
For more information pie se com to the thrid floor Price Center or a-mal l at 
asucsd ucsd .edu 



Mit' ... ,.. • .,.., 
...,."."...... 

You "",,"' .. "".,. 
• .,. .. Le' ' .. "-ow ".." _I. c~ ".. 

,.. , .... __ ,_ roll.· 
- The late. great Hat" Canty 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, March 30, 11}98 

BEACH WEATHER: Spring is here again, and with it maybe a 
few sunny days, and of course, UCSD's spring ports - which 
are now in full swing, starting with the men's tennis squad 

By Bill Burger Redlands' two out o f three sets gave it the 
Staff Writer douhb point . which enued up bc ing the dif-

With the first l o~~ of the seasnn still fresh ference in the match. 
in their minds and final s looming, the Tritons 
went at it in hack-tn-back matches on Fri ., 
March 12 and Sat. . March 13. 

The first match continued a nasty 
trend as the Trit on~ fell to ni versity 
of Redlands. 4-3. 

Shabel was able to win at o. I singles. 7-
5. 6-3. Mihet came back after losing the first 

set at No.2 singles to win a tight one. 
2-6, 6-4. 6-3. 

On Saturday howeve r. UCSD got 
it s revenge and ended a two- match 

lo~ing streak in defeating an over-
matched alifornia Lutheran Uni -
versity. 6- 1. 

U SD also played Eastern pow- TENNIS 

Redlands swept No. 3 th rough 
No. 5 singles. Melicharek lost at No. 
3 - 6-7, 6-7 - while Kai Miller lost at 

o. 4 singles, 3-6, 2-6. Reggie Brau-
zan also lost hi s match. as he fell at 

o. 5 singles, 3-6. 4-6. Rosett 
dropped the first set, but was ahle to 
come back to win. 5-7, 6-2, 6-4. 

ers Williams Uni versi ty and Brown niversi-
ty over spring break . Both of these matches 
were tough a~ the Tritons fell . 1-0 to Williams 
and 0-7 to Brown. 

The Tritons' last two seasons ha ve ended 
with hearthreaking 4-3 losses toRedlands. so 

'this year's match was we ll -anticipated. with 
UCSO looking for get revenge. 

As it turned o ut . the match simply ended in 
more fru ~tration a~ th l.: Bulldogs once again 
came out victorious hy a score of 4-3. 

Echoes of. " I want Redland~ " and " What I 
really want i ~ to heat Redlands" ha ve heen 
vocalil.ed since the heg inning of the ~eason . 
but in the meantime that opportunity is lost. 
The Tritons instead will ha ve to hope for 
another chance in the Western Regional Play-
olh. 

.. It was a hard one to lose, but hopefull y it 
will help us focus," Melicharek said of the 
loss. 

The match on Sunday w..:s largely 
uneventful as Cal LUlheran was greatly out -
matched from top to bottom. 

The one highlight was the matc hup at o. 
I singles which featured Shahel of SO and 
Jenia Karamov of Cal Lutheran. Karamov. 
ranked o. I in the West in Division III. even-
tually was v i c tori ou ~ in a hard-fou ght match 
that ended, 5-7, 3-6. 

UCSD won all the other singles matches 
and the match, 6- 1. 

The Tritons were scheduled to play 
Williams on Wednesday. hut hecause of rain . 
played Thursday, Man.:h 26. Having a haru 
time keeping up. the Tritons quickly fell. 6- 1. 
The onl y player who was ahle to win was 
Alhn:cht. who won at o. 6 singles. 

One hour aft er the Tritons played 
Williams, they played Brown on CSD's 

Kendra Walker/ Guardian 
Sm~shlng: Junior Steve Shabel, playing in the No. 1 men's tennis singles slot, 
prepares to blast a return in Thursday's action against Williams College (Mass.) 

All thrlie doubl e~ sets were close. At o. I 
douhles, Steve Shahel and Emil Mihet pulled 
out a narrow victory. 9-7. Ken Liu and Dan 
Albrecht were serving for the set, but were 
unahle to clo~e it (lut and eventually lost. 7-9. 
Anthon Melicharek and Mike Ro~ett we re 
defeated at No. 3 doubles. 5-H. 

orth Court s. Obviously tired from the previ -
ous match, the Tritons were shut out . 7-0. 

See BREAKIN', Page 14 

Triton Swimmers Bring Home the Bronze and Silver 
NATIONALS: 
The Triton men took second and the women 
placed third in the National Cham pi nship meet 
By Travis Hill 
Sports Editor 

When the CSD swimming and 
di ving squads went to SI. Louis to 
compete in the CAA Di vision III 
National halllpionship meet. the 
knew what they were up again~ 1. 
Every team did . Kenyon College 
(Ohio) would be there. and with it 

on ' of th ' most pre~ ti g i () u s pro-
gram~ in all or sport~ . 

The Kenyon men's ~quad calTle 
in hoasting an unheli cvahl ' I R 
straight ational hampionships, 
while the women had onl won the 

la~t 14. 
That said , the fact that the Triton 

women callie home wi th the hron/e 

The Week Ahead ••• 
Baseball Women's Tennis 
This Tuesday the Tritons The Tritons play host to 
travel to Claremont, those treacherous 
then return home for a Banana Slugs from UC 
2:30 p.m. Wednesday Santa Cruz this Tuesday 
matinee with Cal Lu a12 p.m. 

medal (for the ~ec()nd con~ec uti e CSD ~tarted o lT prett y well , 
season) and the Illen brought bac k and wa~ in fourth place aft er tl e 
the ~ il ver is an even _.:on first uay. Consistency 
1I10re i l1l p re~s i ve feal. wa~ the thell1 e a~ 
U SD more than 'SD po~ ition ed 
made a nall1e for it ~e l f for a final -day 
itself in the Gateway The Triton ~ 

it y. the top 
The women\ three going into the 

meet took place from finak , hut the hole 
March 12- 14 and wa~ wa~ n ' t too deep. In 
of cour~e dominated order to li ni ~ h with a 
by Kenyon. which increased it s medal. U SD needed a ~ tron g 
string to 15 :, traight ational title~. linal -day showing. 

Softball Crew 
This Friday the Tritons This Saturday and 
take on the University Sunday in East Mission 
of La Verne in the Bay, the men and 
friendly confines of women hOSl the San 
RIMAC Field al 2 p.m. Diego Crew Classic 

The Tritons did it with a record -
breaking performance . Seni or 
Shawna aballero ended her career 
at SD hy swimming a 5 1.9 I in 
the prelims o f the IOO-yard 
fr'es tylc . ~e lting a new CS O 
record. ahallero also teamed up 
with Sharon Smith. Ke ll y Burne 
and Amanda Gurnee to hreak 

CSD\ 400-ya rd freesty le relay 
record wi th a time of3:3 1.0 I. 

The men \ meet took place from 
March 19-2 1, and wa~ agai n dOllli -

See METTLE, Page 14 

Women's Water Polo 
The Tritons have a big 
weekend as they host 
Redlands Friday at 6 
p.m. and UCLA on 
Saturday at 5 p.m. 


