
Elsewhere 
Board DI.ml .... 
Presidential Race 
IRVINE - The judicial board 
for the Associated Students at 
UC Irvine ruled on May 14 to 
repeal Sasha Strauss' di squali -
fi cation from the candidacy 
for president. It moved to 
hold a special elec tion for the 
presidential seat between 
Strauss and Aram Chaparyan. 
Thc decision overrode Elec-
tions Commiss ioner 
Mohammed Cato's rul ing that 
Strauss, along wi th three other 
council candidates, be barred 
for not submi tt ing his cand i-
date fi nancial statement on 
time. Strauss appealed Cato's 
decision, arguing that the 
deadline. which is stated in 
the election guidelines as "the 
day before the first day of 
balloting." should be inter-
preted as Sunday because the 
fi rst day of balloting was 
Monday. Other A.S. members 
argued that since the ASUCI 
offi cers are closed on week-
ends, the statements were due 
on Friday. 

- Th e New Univers ity 

Contract Dispute 
Leads to Protest 
BERKELEY - More than a 
dozen employees from 
Noah's Bagels on Telegraph 
Avenue picketed in front of 
the store last Friday after con-
tract negotiati ons broke down. 
The store 's employees voted 
13 to one last June to join the 
United Food and Commercial 
Workers International Union. 
Since then, employees and 
management have been 
through contractual negotia-
tions over employee wages. 
UC police offi cers watching 
the scene did not intervene. 

- The Daily Californian 

Sorority Hit With 
Suspension 
PIITSBURGH - Uni versity 
of Pittsburgh's Delta Delta 
Delta sororit y chapter received 
an interim suspension for 
throwing a party in which 
teenagers alleged ly became 
drunk. An 18-year-old woman 
said she got drunk at a Tri-
Delta "date party." She also 
said th:1l she and her 19-year-
old date took a tax i to his dor-
mitory, where he allegedl y 
sexuall y assaulted her. Univer-
sity police have been invcsti-
gating the matter since April 
17. Until the end of the inves-
tigati on, the sorority may not 
hold social functions, attend 
other fraternity or sorority 
council events. nor recruit 
new members. Pi tL~burgh 
Judge Daniel Butler issucd a 
letter to Chancellor Mark Nor-
denberg, calling for the sorori-
ty's decertification. 

- The Pitt News 

Spoken ••• 
"The VoLunteer 
Connection started out 
Like this [as all 
organization J, and 
there was nothing 
wrong with doing that." 

-C ... yLulkln 
Revelle Senator 
see story, right 

Black Heart of Gold Thank. You Waves ~ 
Members of severaL San Diego Jessyca Wallace Guardian salutes Q en bands collaborate to form pays tribute to the seven swift, smart D:: 
The Black Heart Procession. people in her life. swimming seniors. =-

Hiatus, page 11 Opinion, page 4 Sports, page 2· 

> 
. --

-t 
T E u H c 5 D . -' 

~ ~ 
.f£: VJ 
'V1 :A ~ 

~ . ' ~C\ 
--------------------------------------------------------> ~-UC SAN DIEGO THURSDAY, MAY 28, 1998 VOLUME 94, IS' C ~ 0 
Gently Down The Stream 

Dave Lubitz/ Guardian 
Water: Members of the Human Powered Submarine project fine·tune d thei r vessel at the 
Natatorium las t Thursday. Students will present the s ub at the Canyonview Pool tomorrow. 

New Republic Editor Discusses 
Violations of the Right to Privacy 
SPEECH: Privacy rights have 
eroded over the last 100 years, 
Jeffrey Rosen says 
By Ryan Olson 
Co-News Editor 

Jeffrey Rosen, legal affairs editor of Tire Nelli 
Republic. deli vered a speech Tuesday on the 
withering ri ght to privacy at the IRIPS Robin on 
Auditorium. 

Rosen paid particular attention to its effects 
on politics. 

"Every violation of privacy seems to spark 
new invasions of its own," Rosen said . 

Rosen ci ted the example of Rep. Dan Burton. 
chair of the House Committee on Governmental 
Oversight. who recently released edited tran-
cripts of Web ter Hubbell talking to his wife. 

Hubbell is currently serving a prison sentence for 

tax evasion. 
Burton publicly released unedited versions of 

the transcript aft cr coming under ti re for in vas ion 
of pri vacy. 

"I, like other journali. ts ac ross the land, 
recently had the experi ence of sitting in my liv-
ing room and listening to ·Mr. Hubbell and hi 
wife have a pri vate conversation about meat-
loaf," Rosen said. 

According to Rosen. the release of the tape 
was "a substanti ve assault on the autonomy of 
Mr. Hubbell." 

Illustrating that pri vacy rights have gradually 
eroded, Rosen compared the privacy right of 
John Wilkes. an Engli shman in the 1700s, to 
Senator Bob Packwood. censured by th~ 1}.S. 
Senate in the 1990s for poor conduct. 

In both case, Wilkes and Packwood kept per-
sonal diaries of their lives. Unlike Packwood. 

See LECTURE, Page 7 

:S 
A.S.P. 
Receives 
Funding 
Despite Veto 
ACTION: Program will be 
classified as a student 
organization, not as a service 
By Erika Snider 
Staff Writer 

I' 

The Academic Success Program (A.S .P.) 
- which has been fi ghting for fu nding to 
estab lish its book lend ing, peer mentorship 
and tu tori ng programs - won a small vic-
tory last night after the I\ .S. CoOnci l dec id-
ed to keep the program as a studMlt organi-
zation. 

Although the group originally registered 
with the Student Organization and Leader-
ship Opportu nities (S.O.L.O.) offi ce as a 
~tudent orga ni zation, it has been asking the 
A.S. Counc il for status as an AS . service. 

If the group had attained thi standi ng, 
the council would have heen n.:sponsible for 
the creati on, oversight, and operation of the 
organization. A.S.P. would have abo 
received it s funding through the Soft 
Reserves Income Unall ocated area of the 
hudget. whi ch comes from the re venue gen-
erated by A.S. Soft Reserves. 

However, some council members object-
ed to the AS. being responsible fo r the start -
up of thi s organizati on because A.S.P. has 
not establi shed it se lf yet. Other coun-
cilmembers also objected to funding A.S.P. 
th rough thi s source. saying that the Soft 
Reserve income can be unpredictable due to 
its ro le as a business. 

Because these objections were raised, 
Revelle Senators Casey Luskin and Doc 
Khaleghi came before the council last week 
and proposed that the council keep A.S.P. as 
a student organization and fund it through 
the Student Organizati ons Unallocated, one 
of the areas of the budget that is financially 
supported by the revenue generated from the 
Campus Activity Fee. This charge is 
assessed to all students. 

With A.S.P. as an organization, the A.S. 
would provide the program with funding. 
but would not be responsible for developing 
or overseeing the group. 

In their pre!>entation last Wedne day 
night, LusJcjn pointed to the success of 
another current A.S. service which started 
out as an AS. organization. 

'The Volunteer Connection started out 
like this [as an organizationl , and there was 
nothing wrong with doing that," Luskin 
said . "I want you to look at thi s right now. 
We're up here to give A.S.P. the chance they 
need." 

The two Revelle enators also asked the 
council in their propo al to look beyond the 
debate on how to re olve the situation 
regarding A.S.P. 

See COUNCIL, Page 9 



2 NEWS 

All Around Campus 
Today 
Price Center Film Series Presents: 
"As Good As It Gets" 
Enjoy this A cademy Award-winning film starri ng Jack Nichol-
son and Helen Hunt at 7 p.m. and I 0 p.m. in Price Center The-
ater. Admission for students is $2. For more information, call 
822-2068. 

Music: New Music Forum 
Graduate composition students present their latest works, utilizing 
the latest advances in music technology at 8 p.m. in Warren Col-
lege Lecture Hall Studio A. For more information, call 534-4830. 

Peiformance: ItHappy Birthday, Brecht" 
This production from excerpts of Bertolt Brecht 's poems, 
plays, leiters and songs will be performed by actors and singers 
from UC Davis today through Sunday at the Mandell Weiss 
Forum Studio. All performances are at 8 p.m. Tickets are $5 
for students and $10 for general admission. Friday's perfor-
mance is sold out. 

Tomorrow 
TGIF Nooner: 
Jurassic 5, The WoodDwelias 
Enjoy Urban Style music at 12 p.m. in Price Center Plaza. For 
information, call 534-0496. 

CWD Film Series: 
"Fear of Learning at Hoover Elementary" 
Watch this film at 7 p.m. in Solfs Hall 107. For information, 
call 534-4873 . 

Dance: New Works Spring Dance Concert 
This popular campus event features student choreographers 
who create powerful dances that speak with heart and soul. The 
dance show will take place at 8 p.m. in the Mandeville Audito-
rium. The concert repeats on May 30. Admission for students is 
$6. For ticket information, call 534-6467. For more informa-
tion, call 534-3791. 

Music: Contrabass Recital 
Jeff Ridenour will present works by Dragonelli , Bach, Bohling, 
Dow/and and Buxtehude at 8 p.m. in Erickson Hall at Mandev-
ille Center. Admission for students is $3. For information, call 
534-5404. 

Dance Party: Recess 
OJs and Vinylphiles at UCSD are hosting thi s party at 9 p.m. in 
the Pub. Admission for students is $5. For information, call 
452-2798. 

Saturday 
Culture: Laotian Culture Night 
Learn more about Laos and Laotian culture at 5 p.m. in the 
Price Center Cove. For infonnation, call 527-5667. 

Music: Undergraduate Performers' Forum 
Music students are featured in a concert of varied repertoire at 
7 p.m. in the Mandeville Recital Hall. For information, call 
534-4830. 

Sunday 
Roma Nights Music Series: Terry Malzuoka 
Enjoy the music of Malzuoka in Espresso Roma Cafe at 8 p.m. 
For infonnation , call 822-2068. 

Music: Violin and Viola 
Students of Janos Negyesy and Paivikk i Nykter will perform 
varied programs at 8 p.m. in the Mandeville Erickson Hall. For 
information . call 534-5404. 

II 
TIle UCSD Guardian Is putJlished Mondays and Thursdays durlna the academic 
year by and for the students of UCSO. ReprodOctlon of this newspaper In any 
form, whether in whole or In P3ft. without permiSsion IS strfctly prohibited. 
01998. all ~.nls reserVed. TIle UCSD GuareJlan Is not respansillie for lhe return 
of unsotlcited manuscripts or Dr t. The views expressed herein do not necessarily 
represent lhe opinions of me UCSD GUllrdflJrl. the university of California or the 
AsllOClated Students . TIle UCSD GUllrdfllfl Is funded solely by advert/slnll. 
HIPPY Birthday to Megan 's moml - Get .... Ii . Julia's ""lie" No X·acto'" for youl 

The UCSO Guardian Thursday, May 28, 1998 

ETCETERA~~. 

~I:. HA"£ -m l..E.AQI'J l=ftON\ 
TE;)llSoO~ CEt-ISoQt9 so 
AS TO NOt' O'FRNI;} ~c 
C,2.\NV'"\ESI R\(:,~T - .... IING 

C~~\S~IAtJ SE~~'~'\..ITlES! 

BRIEFLY ••• 

i\-lt CI.ASS;ROOM. S 
~RE OVE.Rc..ROIAlQE.t;I 

AN'OI~E.. ~A(~ERS 
ARt UN'OE:ItPAIO! 

OON' T WOR2.~. B~ T\-\.E.. TIME. 
~OU ANO .'jOUR "lnl.e P.vOO\ES 
DQOP OUT O~ I-\IC:.H SCHOOL, 
We'I.L I-\AVEc ~IJ~ pelSotJ 
c.E.u,<; BUH ... , AolQ ~~9'fTO~. 

Playhouse Awarded $100,000 
The Pew Charitable Tru'sts and Theater Communi- New Cancer Drug Discovery Lab 

cations Group awarded the La Jolla Playhouse a 
$100,000 grant , intended to bring two renowned the- to Be Dedicated at Scrlpp. Today 
atrical designers to the Playhouse. Scenic and cos- The Scripps Institution of Oceanography's Center for 
tume designer Mark Wendland and lighting designer Marine Biotechnology and Biomedicine (CMBB) will 
James F. Ingalls will collaborate with the Playhouse'S dedicate a new cancer research laboratory today. The 
artistic and administrative staff, as well as UCSD the- Charmaine and Maurice Kaplan Cancer Drug Discovery 
ater students, in developing new projects over the Laboratory is the result of a $150,000 donation from 
next two years. the Kaplans. 

The organizations chose Wendland, Ingalls and 14 The School of Medicine and SIO collaborated to cre-
other artists from a pool of performers, pla)Wrights, ate the. new lab, which will focus on finding new phar-
designers and dramaturgs. An independent panel maceutlcals from marine sources to fight cancer and 
selected the recipients. infectious, inflammatory diseases. 

Pew Charitable Trusts and Theater Communications The dedication begins today at 4 p.m. on the lawn in 
Group will grant a total of $1.2 million to the winners as front of the new lab. Reception and tours will follow. For 
a part of their National Theater Artist Residency Pro- more information , call 534-3624. 
gram. This program is intended to foster "artistic 
growth and institutional vitality by placing artists at the 
center of theater organizations,' according to program 
overseer Fran Kumin. 

The La Jolla Playhouse is located south of Revelle 
College in the UCSD Theatre District. The UCSD 
Department of Theatre and Dance shares facilities 
with the Playhouse. The Playhouse Artistic Director 
Michael Greif also directed the Tony award-winning 
musical "Rent. " 

The La Jolla Playhouse 's 1998 season will include 
the premiere of "Nora: "Guitar Lessons: "The Cap-
tain 's Tiger," Improbable Theatre 's "70 Hill Lane," 
"Light Up the Sky" and "Dogeaters: For more informa-
tion, call 550-1010. 

Sierra Club to Walk for the 
Environment Thl. Weekend 

The San Diego Chapter of the Sierra Club will host a 
5K-walk and fundraiser in Balboa Park, starting at 8 
a.m. on Sun., May 31. The walk will begin and end at 
6th and Laurel Streets in San Diego. 

Prizes will be available for participants, and T-shirts 
will be given to those walkers who raise more than $50. 
The cost for registration is $10 for adults who pre·reg-
ister, $15 for adults who register the day of the event. 
$5 for children who are pre-registered and $10 for chil-
dren who are registered the day of the event. For more 
information, call 583·3261 . 

LEINA SHANKAR. Assocrafe News Editor 
GENEVtEVE COX, Features Editor 

JESSICA SCHE .... MANN. Associate Features Editor 
MEGAN KLEIN. Opinion Editor 

PHOTOO_ERS: OIma Ariss. Andrew Chen. Usa Hulf. Monl~a KotJyIec~a. DavId 
Llbltz. Jaime Muldoo<>Qlmez. Christopher Sylvester. Kendra Wat~er. Allison Wilcox 
DEI_III: Kari Friedman. Daniel Muillz 

JESSYCA WALLACE. Associate Opinion Editor 
TRAVIS HILL, Sports Editor 

JONAH NISENSON, Co-AssocIate Sports Editor 
KEVIN MclAUGHUN, Co-Associate Sports Editor 

ILONA FASS, Co-Hiatus Editor 
SCOTT YAGER, Co-Hiatus Editor 

CLAIRE SCHNEIDER, Photo Editor 
BRENDAN CAHILL, Graphics Editor 

WALT DICKINSOH, Design Editor 
NICK RUNCO, Online Editor 

COM~R SUPPOIIT: Marcus LoWa 
ADVERTtSlNG ASIIITMT: Melody Gonzates 
CIRCULATION ASSIITANTI: Philip Goldman. Greg Littl • . Anne-Marie Ross. Eric 
WOOd 

ANN BARmno, Business Manager 
BROCK HALTER, Advertising Manager 

MIKE MARnNEZ, Advertising Art Director 
JOE Po\N, Advertising Design & Layout 

JOHN BARBER. AdVertising Design & Layout 

TERRY LEW. Editor In Chief 
JONAH F1tEEDMAN, Co-Managint Editor 

GRACI JANQ. Co-MIlfI4tllnt Editor 
TA8fTHA GRANIMAW. Copy Editor 

MARC COMO, Assoc/llte Copy Editor 
JUUA KUUA-MADIIt. Co-News Editor 

R ... OUON. Co-N_s Editor 

IDITOIIIAL AllIlTANT$: Christina scnrelll<. Enka Snider 

News/Features: 534·5226. General Editorial : 534-6581 
OPInion/Spor ts : 534-6582. Hiatus: 534-6583 
Mvertrsir( Office: 534-3466. FaK: 534-7691 

e·malt: ,uarOianOucSd .eou _ITAPf _III: 81M Gtan<mann. Mary HlUln . Jenny Nichotson. Sean 
RaNmi. Ama Val"'""". 51 ..... Walsh 
1_ w.TIlII: Jelfrey Ba<II ... Rachel Barg, lIara Cartos. Paul DoclCe. Jacoo 
Gordon. Vincent Qrac->l. Keele JUIlI. Matthew Kotlnowskf. Annam Manthlram. 
Eran Maar. JolIn Maynard. Elvin Plrl"ll. K1Nfta Sadana. Eve Senuty. Saul Sheri· 
dan. Sere SnycIer. Quyen Tu. S. Jll>lan Wyaal. YII-Lel Yare 
ILWITllATOIt: Joe AncMo 

Guardian Online: http://_ .ucsd.edu/luarCl,an/ 
UCSD Guarelan, 9500 Gilman Drive 0318, 

La Jolla, CA 92093-0318 
Actuot toeat""' : _ FIoo<. UCSO Student Cent .. Bu'IdrrC ·A·. Rm. 217 

Thursday, May 28, 1998 The UCSD Guardian 

Professors Discuss the Influence of 
African and African-American Intellectuals 
PANEL: Interest in 
Africa has waned as of 
late, Horowitz says 
By Annam Manthlram 
Staff Writer 

Panelists from various universi-
ties gathered at the annual UCSD 
African and African American 
Studie Research Project (AASRP) 
symposium held last Friday to dis-
cuss how Africans and African 
Americans have influent:ed local 
and international communities. 

''The field of African-American 
studies has provided one venue for 
African scholars and wri ters to 
reach out whi le still preserving 
their cultural tics," said Bennella 
Jules-Rosette, a UCSD professor 
and coordinator of AASRP. 

UCLA Professor Edmond 
Keller spoke at the conference on 
how globalization in the 19905 and 
its associated changes have affect-
ed African studies. 

"African studies is an unprece-
dented area of fruitless crisis," 
Keller said. "The field of African 
studies is oftcn ignored in the U.S." 

UniversilY of Illinois Professor 
Paul Zeleza spoke about the emi-
gration of African intellectuals and 
the "brain drain" in Africa. 

Zeleza said that the migration 
was not only caused by bad eco-
nomic conditions in Africa, but 

also due to bad po litical condilions. 
" It's easy to see the migrJtion as 

a disasler for Africa," he aid. 
Zelcza also said mi grants can 

bring African studies to their new 
homelands. 

'What oughl to be the role uf 
African-American migrants i ' [to 

UCSD Professor Robert Hor-
witz said interest in Arrica has 
waned in recent ycars. 

''The [lack of imerest] in Africa 
is hecause it's no longer a pawn in 
the old War." Horwitz said. 

UCSD Professor Ivan Evans ~aiJ 
he agreed wi th both Keller and Hor-

be] teachers and 
writers," Ze lcza 
remarked. 

UC Santa Cruz 
ProfcssorTyler Sto-
vall spoke on the 
political impact or 
African -American 
migrants in France 
in the late 1950s. 

".The field of 
African-American 
studle. has 

witz in regards to 
how the end of the 
Cold War marginal-
ized African studies 
in the United Statcs. 

provided one 
venue for 
African scholars 

" It affects 
Africa in a dislinct , 
nasty manner, 
Evans said. 

When African 
Americans migrat -
ed from the United 
State to France, 
Slovall said. 
" many blat:ks saw 
themselves as 
political refugees." 
He also said th,1t 

and writers to Evans also said Africa's economic 
and political sys-
tem makes lip less 
than 3 percent 0 I' 
world trade in the 

reach out while 
stili pre.ervlng 
their cultural 
ties." global market. 

- Bennetta Jules-Rosette "There is a vir-
tual absence or 
Africans in the 
international eco-Ii fe in Paris was a 

form of l iberation for many 
African-American migrants. 

According to Stovall, however, 
although France treated the immi-
grant African Americans wi lh 
respect. Algerian ' were treated 
badly. In France, Algerians were 
treated in a si milar fashion to 
African Americans at that time in 
the United States. 

Coordinator 
AASRP 

nomic system," Evans s<lid. ''The 
disappearance of it as a politi cal fac-
tor has resulted in Ihe flauening out 
of the interest in African studies." 

Other panelists at the symposium 
included UCLA Professor Robert 
Hill. University or Texas Professors 
Penny von Eschen and Kevin 
Gaines and UCSD Profcssors 
George Lipsitz and Jane Rhodes. 

FIND 
Roommates 

Tickets 

Cars 

Bikes 

Deals 

Rentals 

Stereos 

1110 RAil 
'I) I f i 4 ! jeans, 

Surfboards 

Auto Repair 

From 

sportswear and accessories for Girls AND Guys 
4 DAYS ONLY! May l8-May 31 

Thurs £ Fri 11-7, Sat £ Sun 10-6 

f 
8Z4-2999 d, 

www.appartlz •• t.com 
... 1 on Mir. Me .. Blvd 7 end lum left onlo VilMr. Corn.r of 

Sales 

Jobs 

Computers 

.ndmoreln 
The ...... 
upstairs In the 
~tudent Center 

above the 
General Store . 

..... " ;" . ., .. '4._ ... .t: 1. • ~ oI.~· .. ... • '- ~ -.~ 
. , 

NEWS 3 

surfboards, bodyboards 
wetsuits, swimsuits 

clothing, skateboards 
snorkle gear, and more 

2,500,000 
times last year. UCSO's faculty, staff. students, and visitors hopped onto our free 
shuttles. For routes and schedule information call (619) 534-RIDE 

.} 
J 

UCSD 
parking.ucsd.edu 

UNtVERSITY OF CAUFORNtA SAN DIEGO TRANSPORTATION & PARKING SERVICES 

Serving the UCSD pre-medical community since 1985 

* M.D.'s TRAINING M.D.'S-OF-THE-FUTURE * 
• INTENSIVE MCAT preparation & medical school app lication! 

udmissions assistance are all we d \ .. e·re I/otlike the Olher gllYs! 

• MCAT EXPERTS: an independent program taugh, by UCSD-Iraincd 
academic M.D.'s, lOp M.D.-Ph.D. candidates. & English Department 
Ph.D. faculty . 

• ORIGINATOR of intensive MCA T prep in San Diego 13 years ago! 
• 9 WEEKS (150+ hours) of detailed in-dass instruction & real MCAT 

testing, problem solving, reading/wri ting workshops. review groups. 
med school applicalion & admissions slralegies. & IU lOring. 

• 2500 PAGES of original take-home review note~ . reading & wriling 
studyguides, MCAT & admission strategy handouts, problem sets. & 
MCAT-quatity timed practice exams. 

• REAL MCAT TESTING for in -c la s~ & take-home practice. 
• P1RECT CONTACT with young UCSD docs & med studcl1Is. 
• TUTORING, prc-mcd library & med school application help/ree! 
• ON CAMPUS at the U SO School of MNl, r n'p 

• $250 LESS than other courses. 



4 OPINION 

EDITORIALS 
Editorial Board 

Terry Lew, Editor In Chief 
JonIIII Fr ........ , Co-Managing Editor 
... MnC. Co-Managing Editor 

....... Klein, Opinion Editor 
..... JCII W.u_, Associate Opinion Editor 

,... KIIU ...... ', Co-News Editor 
Rr ... 01_, Co-News Editor 

The UCSO Guard,at! IS PUbhshed tMCe a week II the Unrvet'srt)' 01 CaJlforrlll, San Dlego_ Contents 
Ol998 V}ews e.llpr'eSsed hefe .... represent the m8fOllty vote 01 tnt edltonal bOard. and I re not 

necessarily thOse of the UC Board or Reaents. the ASUCSO, nor the entire Guard" " staft. 

Maturity in Newt Protest 
Will Make the Difference 

What would this editorial column be without Newt 
Gingrich? Not much. The Speaker of the House of 
Representatives is indeed poised to speak at UCSO's 
all-campus commencement June 14, and it does not 
appear that he will be uninvited. This is to the chagrin 
of Gingrich protesters and to the delight of UCSD's 
population of young republicans_ 

For those who are protesting Gingrich's appear-
ance on campus, good for you . It is refreshing to see 
that some members of UCSD's notoriously apathetic 
student body have finally found something to get 
politically peeved about. But the smear campaign 
that our fair (or not-so-fair) speaker is being subject-
ed to is absolutely nonproductive_ 

Those who are carrying "Shoot Newt" signs and 
warning Chancellor Dynes to "watch hi s back" are 
neither di splaying maturity nor showing intelligence. 
For the life of us, we can' t understand what these 
childish threats accomplish, nor what objective they 
are striving to achieve. Acts such as these are three 
steps back for everyone step forward. 

In regards to the actual ceremony, we still stand by 
our original suggestion for those offended by the 
speaker's presence - if you don 't like it, don ' t go. 
UCSO's graduation system offers the unique oppor-
tunity to attend both the all-campus commencement, 
as well as each individual college ceremony. If you 
are that offended by Gingrich, don' t attend the all-
campus ceremony and simply go to the college cere-
monies. 

In addition, we sincerely hope that protesters don '[ 
decide to hurl insults, nor objects, at the speaker 
while he delivers his address. Again, thi s is an inef-
fective and immature way to make one's point. A 
witty, yet obvious, alternative can always be bor-
rowed from Or. Martin Luther King, Jr. Simply get-
ting up and leaving - peacefully protesting - dur-
ing Gingrich's speech is the most intelligent and 
effective way to express one's displeasure. 

When all is said and done, Gingrich will make his 
appearance at UCSO and will deliver hi s address, 
like it or not. But protesters need to realize that their 
goal has been achieved. Dynes has publicly stated 
that he regrets hi s decision not to seek student input 
as to whom they would like as the keynote speaker at 
all-campus commencement. For future ceremonies, a 
committee will take student input into account when 
it selects a speaker. 

So relax, all Newt naysayers. Your protest has not 
fallen on deaf ears. The ultimate goal in any protest 
is to make a difference. Well, mission accomplished 
- you have done just that. If intelligence and matu-
rity are utili zed, the di ssati sfaction you feel can ben-
efit future graduating c1asses_ 

Props and Flops 

~ Congratulations to UCSD alumnus Dan n ~.o'aBCrhi C! n, who is now officia lly the head coal.:h of ~he b:lseball team. Good luck next season, 
"Boos" to the apathy of the AS. during the con- r---<:j 

troversy surrounding Gingrich's invitation. 111is is L-~ 
the largest protest on I:<Impus in a long time, and ltJ'" 
the A.S. seems to be chained in its offices. 

The editorial board extends a thank you to 
"April," the woman who wrote the poem on the 
path ncar the Career Services Center. All students 
should take such steps to beautify our campus. 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, May 28, 1998 

PINI N 

·1Ii·-""-· 0 - . -
. . - - --:. 

\\ SCHOOL SUPPOSED To !3 PLII C E TH AT'S 
TOMB Now -A MEmORIAL," SUPPOSE 0 TO BE SAFE,." IT'S L IKE A 

NICOLE 13UCJ<HOL~ 

INCREDIBLE fRIENDS RECEIVE A 
HEARTFELT TRIBUTE 

COMMENTARY: In a life full of mediocre acquaintances, we should take time to 
tel1 those extraordinary, irreplaceable people in our lives how appreciated they are 

JESSYCA 
WALLACE 

Messing With 
Your Mind 

Rather than fini sh the year with 
some self-aggrandizing tribute where r 
utilize my column space as a Guardian 
grand finale - quoting my earlier bril-
liance and publicly noting my 
esteemed accomplishments - I prefer 
to gi ve a heartfelt tribute to some of 
my nearest and dearest friends. 

Rarely in this world do we meet 
people who touch us so deeply that we 
are moved to be genuinely better peo-
ple. It seems our li ves are mostly filled 
with acquaintances and activities which 
aflel:t us in merely superficial ways, as 
we bumble through our lives in search 
of something, anything, more. 

Sometimes, though. when we are 
especially lucky, the most amazing 
people waltz into our lives and share 
with us thei r mag nificence. They 
remind us of what it means to be 
hum:," and compassionate, bestowing 
upon us their wisdom and kindness. 
They teach us about how to respect and 
appreciate all we have and we can do 
little more than bask in their warmth. 

I have had the unbelievable good 
fortune of having a yea r fi lled with 
sUl.:h people. It sometimes seems as if 
almost everyone wi th whom I've 
interacted thi s yea r was incredibly 
special. This is entirely probable 
because, as we arc told at a very early 
age, everyone is special, but in alllike-
lihood, it was five incredible people 
who made everyune else seem beller. 

These close friends (and they know 
who they are) are ex traordinary peo-
ple_ Of course these are merely brief 
descriptions of my friends . There are 

You don't want to, but 
you trust the least-
likely friend 
Immediately because 
he Is so honest and 
stralght.forward and 
yourespaethlmao 
much. The least-likely 
Is the one who makes 
you want to be a 
better person, 
because he shows you 
by example how 
rewarding the 
experience can be. 
many near and dear for whom there 
just isn' t room in the Guardiall , even if 
my column took up the entire opinion 
sel.:tion - whi ch wo uld be kinda 
pompous. 

Few things in thi s world are more 
precious than old friends . When you 
relocate thousand. of miles from your 
hometown, old friends arc far away. 
Four years hardly seems long enough 
to have an o ld friend, yet I am fortu -
nate enough, and extremely grateful . 

to have one here in San Diego. 
The beauty of old friends is that 

whenever anything is wrong - from 
family catastrophes and boyfriend prob-
lems to frizzy hair and too much cel-
lulite - they are on the other end of the 
line, making sure you get a wake-up call 
because they know you're too 
depressed to get out of bed on your own. 

Old friends always have a smile and 
a compliment waiting for you when 
you need it most, because you're fail-
i ng a general ed. class and you don 't 
think you'll graduate, or because your 
ncw shoes are making your feet hurt. 

Thank you, old friend , you mean 
the world to me and [ ' II never stop 
coming by to say "hello." Besides, I do 
get hungry. 

Another irreplaceable type of 
fri end is the si lly one. The one who 
tells you jokes and flallers you until 
you turn red, just because he gets a 
k.ick out of seeing you laugh. 

He docsn't have a strong presence 
in your daily life but when he is 
around, he makes you feel special for 
no other reason than simply that he 
I.:an. He docsn't mind when you just 
drop by because hi s door is always 
open. He's the one you bend over 
backwards for and ca ll in all favors. 
He's also the warm, soft hug; the gen-
uine and trusted ear; the one who 
rcminds you of home, even though he 
doesn ' t come from anywhere ncar 
there; you r unlikely confidant. 

Thank you, my silly friend, for all 
the laughs and all the hugs. It 's been a 
fantastic plea ure and I wish you the 
best of luck in everything you do as 
you venture out into the big, bi g world. 

Then, there's your shrink. She's not 
really your shrink, but she could be. 
Shc 's also your own personal sound-
ing board, gossip partner and trusted 

See FRIENDS, Page 6 

Thursday, May 28, 1998 The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

HETEROSEXUALITY MAY NOT BE THE W'ISFST CHOICE 
Editor: 

Thank you for publishing the 
leiter tit led "Homosexuality is a 
'Lifestyle Choice'" by Dana Zurek 
(May 21). 

I thank you, because printing 
such ideas from a presumably 
smart, young, modern UCSD stu-
dent has set me to thinking of the 
logic behind his statements, espe-
cia lly surrounding the "c hoice" 
aspect of sexuality. I tend to agree, 
that if sexuality is a choice, there 
should probably be no special 
rights or concessions made for it. 

I can't help wondering about a 
few other things that this line of 
thinking brings up. What about the 
rights that heterosexuals are afford-
ed in their choice'! Student fees wi II 
pay for employecs' health coverage 
of spouses and offspring. What 
about the tax incent i ves for marry-
ing someone of the oppos ite sex? 
What about inheritance I ~ws and 
alimony? 

I also wonder why, given a 
choice, wouldn't there be more 
homosexuals? The homosexuals I 
know are mostl y a fun and colorful 
bunch, creating wild arrays of art 
and literature and fashion and any 
other style or creation you can 
imagine. r have noti ced that homo-
sexual lifestyles seem to involve a 
great level of ambition and aesthet-
ic goals. LGBT people are often 
quite successful, in great physical 
shape, have a hea lthy family life 
and choose helping careers or vo l-
unteerism to compensate for some 
of the oppression they may feel. 
Why wouldn't more people want to 
be like that? 

Why do people overwhelmingly 
choose heterosexuality with its 
fierce competition for affections, 
the seem ingly insurmountable dif-
rerences in the psychic make-up of 
males and female s, the unwanted 
pregnancies and the loomi ng, 
hopeless divorce rate, among other 
daunting travai ls? I must wonder if 
the leller writer is on to omething 
when he wri tes. (Need I point out 
the fallacy of doing something 
because everybody is doing it ?) 

This sexuality choice needs to 
be spelled out clearly to a chi Id 
growing up. Studies have shown 
that homosexuals have their firs t 
sex ual adventure at an earlier age 
than their heterosexual counter-
parts and (look it up, this is true) 
that gay males have larger penises. 
Isn't this something that children 
shou ld be told , along with the birds 
and bees? Guys? Help me out on 
th is one. 

Mr. Zurek is on to something 
here, something that no resource 
center is going to address . What we 
really need is a whole new curricu-
lum to teach and properly correct 
this oversight of private and public 
education. We must tell the world 's 
children - trekkies or not - that 
they have a choice and that hetero-
sexuality may not be the wisest 
one. 

Paul Stravinsky 

Arena Questions Not 
To Be Taken Seriously 
Editor: 

I would like to address the con-
cerns voiced by Aaron Brady herc 

Letters t~g Editor 
The Guardian welcomes letters from 
its readers. All letters must be no 
longer than three pages, typed, dou-
ble-spaced and sign.ed. Letters must 
also contain a phone number. We 
reserve the right to edit for length 
and clarity. Letters may be dropped 
off at the Guardian office on the 
second "oor of the Old Student 
Center. Send all fetters to : 

The Guardian 
Opinion Editor 

9500 Gilman Dr. 0316 
La )olla, CA 92093-0316 

Fax: (619) 534-7691 
e-mail: guardian@ucsd.edu 

last week, particularly those 
regarding my comments in the 
Arena column_ Brady articulates at 
length his objecti on to the fact that 
not all five colleges are consistent-
ly and equally represented in 
Arena. 

May I suggest that UCSD's 
problems of representation are 
more likely to be found in the 
racial make- up of the student body 
than in the back pages of the 
Guardian (I am referring here to 
the under-representation of minori-
ties. a problem madc worse by the 
repeal pI' affi rmati ve action poli -
cies). 

Second, I would like to address 

Brady's concerns about my com-
ments. What I said in Arena is true 
- if someone is attackmg you, you 
should be able to kick their ass! 
What's wrong with that? I'm not 
saying I have a burning desire to 
immediately begin pounding the 
hell out of innocent people (any-
way, I'm a total wimp. Mickey 
Mouse could probably whip my 
butt). 

What I am gelling at here is that 
I think maybe Brady is taking 
things a little too seriously_ Really, 
aren't there more important things 
to worry about? Global warming'! 
AIDS? Nuclear tests in India? I'm 
not really losing any sleep over off-
hand comments in Arena. 

Let me exp lain my feelings 
about "ask Joe Q. Public" questions 
in newspapers. Someone asks you a 
si lly question. You give them a silly 
answer_ A nice young Canadian 
takes your picture and you' re on 
your way! I certainly never imag-
ined innocent comments would 
cause anyone such grief and woe! I 
guess that 's because [' ve never. 
taken these types of co lumns seri-
ously. In addition to the high quali-
ty graphi l.: design, thi s "look how 
si lI y your fellow students arc" fea-
ture is one of the best things about 
the Guardia,,! 

Finally. I would like to say to 
Aaron, if my comments offended 
or upset you in any way, I really am 
very sorry_ But I would like to sug-
gest, in the most non-aggressive, 
friendly, inoffensive let's-have-a-
bccr-and-forget-about-it kind of 
way .. . th at you I.:hill oul. 

Siohhan Kelley 

VOICE 

• 

Admissions Proc ... 
Stili In Question 
Editor: 

We appreciate the explanation 
of UCSD admi ssions polil.:ies out-
lined in last Thursday's Guardian 
("Officials Di scuss Admit 
Process," May 2 1)_ However, sev-
eral di sturbing questions still 
remain unanswered. 

Because AP classes are factored 
into the academic index, to what 
extent do students from wealthy 
high school districts receive unfair 
preferences'! Statistics show that 
very few African-Ameril.:an and 
Chicano students take AP courses 
(e.g_ Chemistry : I percent African 
American, 4 percent Latino vs. 54 
percent Asian, 40 percent 
Caucasian; Biology: I perl.:ent 
African American, 6 percent Latino 
vs. 47 percent Asian, 45 percent 
Caucasian) because underfunded 
high schools either do not offer 
such courses or do not have coun-
selors who direct students into such 
courses. 

If S_AT. scores are overempha-
sized, to what extent are under-rep-
resented groups at a disadvantage'! 
Recent research shows that S_A T. 
exams are not reliable predictors of 
academic success for Chicano/a 
and African-American students. 

The UC system is presently 
. considering proposals that would 
place less weight on standardized 
tests or automatically accept the 
top 4 percent of all California high 
schools . In our opinion, the "4 per-
cent solution" ought to be seri ously 

See LETTERS, Page 6 

.... Motorola 
II"'luro 81ggeS t SCile 

~ Swn."· ~ n" 
.,.cs" •• S r ,..-
...,., ... :; .... 
............. 

.... .. ...,---~~ 

..... 1. 
"'5ony 
RJCIOO 

.... DI ••• '. III •• ' 
."".IIC." c.U.'.r ... tw ... 

tai#J 
AUTHORIZED 

WIR ELESS AGENT 

' ReboIo OJ on/yCM>.JobM un115J0 98 AI '""""""' .... "..chose oIogllle dog . ." 
t!tp4J'f"M!" ood 0 mlrumum 01 0fJ81'ID .w'If'VICil COOfnXf III t. Son P!f:'9O regoon ci.r~ ""s petlod 

ore eIrg,~ lor /he ~ ServIce mvsI be 1'fICpr'\IC",ted con,,~ for 0 mln.nm one>-" rontncr 
ConIrDcl lull.rn- may opp/r b- early _ o.....lx.Ie IX" pItone _""'" R_ 
"od.' .... be aW«/t> ~. 0C<00M on '" beh.)uno JO 1998 Some .... <""'" apply 
t- file & LGC200domo models "'. k>ctooy '""-'OoWdondcxx"l;'" J.y"" ~b"Ionet W""""'Y 

~ prICeS may It!<JVI'4tOCl!VOfIron on pomo.Jot pr lC''9 pions Phone PfKIM 
may be log"" on c.,.,.,,,.,.., Col ""'.IcK ..... ~ 5<*0. "" .. c""'r!ed bolOd "" """" 

",n, "pi-.;."" ~"'C)' ""'Y *om adVoI,...J.c, -""""" apply 
hot 01 Sur", 6tXXJ ''''1"'''' """""" on;'" c",rom" 2_Pbn ... to .... """'" """"" o..J"..cho .. 0/ ~_ ~ b- $.54 ..n.ch ........ 1-. """ ....... ond"""'" 

cCW'/)"ng rose 

8935 Towne Centre Drive ~ Molt-hi '0-8 888.1NFOPLANET toll free 
s..turd"y ,0-6 WWW' f, I J San Diego, CA 92' 22 Svltdoy " - 5 ,In op anet ,com 

WIRl llII OATA ' lO NG ~AN(d (OROI I \\ PHONII ' rlRIONAI DIT-I!Al III ,!ANT\ ' (olT\RAl P'I,ll, 'NIN(, \y\lIM" 'VI' \'IA' ~f.PIO\' NIT,H! III ION l'lHNlllO(,\ 'R,INI. ~ I llliliN '11' I I H I~' 



6 OPINION 

FRIENDS: 
Writer salutes 
nearest and dearest 
ContIlHled from ...,. 4 
friend . When you think everyone's 
out to get you, she assures they're 
not; when you're positive nobody 
cares what you think or fcel , shc 
reminds you that they might. 

She's wise beyond her years 
and never opens her mouth unless 
she knows what she's about to say 
is the gospel truth - or at least it 
should be. She has the patience of 
a sai nt and the soul of an angel. 

She never forgets your birthday 
and can ' t wait to hear how it went. 
She'll listen to every gory detail, 
and give you that look of pity that 
you need so badly. This selfless 
friend is possibly the hardest to 
come by, and certainly one of the 
most cherished. 

Thank you, to my free psychol-
ogist, for always caring about 
what's going on, for always hav-
ing a solution when I need one and 
for not giving me thc answers 
when you know I can figure them 
out for myself. You truly are a 
wonder. 

Let 's not forget the least-likely 

friend. The one who jumps feet 
first into your life, fill s the holes 
you didn't think could be filled and 
then doesn 't want any credit for 
being the answer to your prayers. 
He's brilliant and amazing and 
challenges you in so many ways. 

He's the newest friend but you 
feel like you've known him much, 
much longer. He comes along at 
precisely the right moment, and 
does exactly what you wanted with-
out ever being told. He's inspiring 
and beloved; he makes you feel 
important because he really cares 
and finds time for you when there 
probably shouldn't be any. 

You don't want to, but you trust 
the least-likely friend immediately 
because he is so honest and 
straight-forward and you respect 
him so much. The least-likely is 
the one who makes you want to be 
a better person, because he shows 
you by example how rewarding 
the experience can be. 

Thank you, to my least-likely 
friend, because I can never find 
enough wonderful things to say 
about you (and I' ll tell you all of 
them any day you ask); bel:ause 
y..ou 've left an indelible mark of 
spirit in me (almost single- hand-
edly renewing my faith th at there 

The UCSD Guardian 

arc still good people out there 
whom I haven't met); because you 
simply impress me. 

Last, yet l:ertainly not least, 
there's the roommate. Almos t 
everyone's got onc and most of us 
don't like him or her, but 1 do. After 
living together long enough, you 
feel like an old, married \.:Ouple -
you gripe about each other'S bad 
habits and call eal:h other a pain-in-
the-ass but you know when the 
chips are down, and everyone else 
is busy, she' )) be there, in the fresh-
ly cleaned kitchen. 

She'll tell you the truth, even if 
you don ' t want to hear it , because 
she knows that's exactly what you 
need . She reminds you when 
you're being a bitch . She also teas-
es you incessantly about how 
wrong all the men in your life are, 
but it's probably because she's ri ght 
and she's just "getting your back." 

She does good stuff, 100. 1 
mean, who else is gonna make you 
go Rollerblade when you ' re tired 
and the sun 's not shining '? Who 
else is gonna teal:h you how to eat 
right and make you feci moderate-
Iy guilty when you don't? Who 
else is go nna lend you her clot hes 
when yours have gotten too hig'! 
The roommate. 

The roommate provides an 
almost-unl:onditi onal -understand-
ing-or-devotion that you some-
times take advantage of; but you 
never forget, even for one minute, 
that you reall y do apprec iate her. 

Thank you, to my roommate, 
because I really do know that you 
are ~o mudl more than the other half 
ormy rent check . I'll never stop lov-
ing you , even when I've got my 
bitl:h-face on at the end of the day. 

Sappy enough? 1 hope so. 1 
hope everyone reading this under-
stands how truly wonderful these 
friend s of mine are, that these 
friends know beyond the shadow 
of a doubt who they are and that 
they believe every word I've said. 
These are the people who deserve 
a tribute, and this is the best way 1 
know how - aside from trying to 
be as incredible a friend to each of 
these people as they are to me. 1 
am truly lucky. 

I'd lik.e to extend a thank. you to 
Illy other close friends in random 
or(ier: Guardian .l'taffefJ Megan, 
Tabitha, Jessica, Joooh F., Walt, Kari 
and Ann; Chris, SCOIf and Gar)'; 
Randy, Alllla, Tomm): Joe. Trill)" 
Karim, Phi//)' Joe, Tefl)' S. (llld. of 
COllr.l'e, Dora. Don ~ forget to e- I/Iail 
/lie at jcssyca_ wallace@hotmail.com 

9 out of 10 Kaplan 
students get into one 

of their top-choice 
law schools~ 

Competition for law school is tough and your LSAT score can make all 
the difference. That's why you need to take Kaplan. For 60 years, 

we've helped more students get into law school than all other test prep 
companies combined. That's why we're the #1 choice for LSAT prep. 

c,asS starts 
June 20, \\' 

cat' to £nro ~ 
KAPLAN' 

1-800-KAP-TEST 
www.kaplan.com 

·wr~ • ..-got. ..... "'-.............. t..w tWAdMIt_. Co..rd 
11 .. 8N ... .,,~Re~~of.MtInh ...... 50 .... tdIooI. 

To study anywhere in the U.S., call us or visit our web site. 

Thursday, May 28, 1998 

LEnERS: 
Bias of AP courses 
skews admissions 
Continued from ... ,. 5 
considered. Maybe then UCSD 
will attain the kind or real di versi ty 
it claims to believe in. 

Prof. Jorge Mariscal 
UCSD Chicano/Latillo COllcilio 

Departmellt of Literature 
Dynes Irresponsible 
In Newt Invitation 
Editor: 

Apparently, choosing a com-
mencement speaker without stu-
dent input is wrong - whether he 
is Clinton or Gingrich. But the way 
Chancellor Dynes tried to cover up 
his mistake just disgusts people. 
Gingrich has long been attacking 
public education and, certainly, he 
may be an active and effective 
advocate for private research uni -
versities like Harvard and Stanford, 
but never for any UC or other pub-
lic universi ty. 

Dynes said "one of the universi -
ty's most important functions is to 
'erve as a forum for intellectual 
debates, airi ng of l:ontroversy and 
the discussion of di sident ideas." 

Graduation is not a day for 
dehates! The l:ommencement 
speech b not to be a "di scussion or 
di ssident ideas." Gi ngrich i ~ wel -
come to come to UC at any day, 
any time, for a town hall debatc or 
speech, bu t not on graduation as 
ou r commencement speaker. 

Whi Ie the chancellor clai med 
that Gingrich should hllve freedom 
or speedl . the students, who stud-
ied so hard for four yea rs and paid 
huge tuition fees, did not even have 
the freedom or chance to rai se their 
vokes to indicate who we want as 
our commenl:ement speaker. 

Who's graduating'! Is the chan-
l:ellor graduating? Is the adminis-
tration graduating? No - students 
are graduating. And we are the peo-
pic who have to pay $100,000 for 
this speaker. The chancellor had 
from Friday until Monday to 
decide whom to choose and he did-
n't ask the students for their opin -
ion - he just e-mailed all of us II 
few days later. 

The process by which 
Chancellor Dynes chose the com-
mencement speaker is wrong - it 
is the indisputable truth, and he is 
trying to cover it up. This is the rea-
son the staff was on strike - to 
reveal the truth to the publk. Many 
facullY members risk their careers 
and promotions to tell the chancel-
lor to his face that he is wrong. This 
is why students are missing their 
classes to protest, sit in, rally and 
go to a forum for which Dynes did 
not even show up. Newt Gingrich 
should be uninvited, or at least the 
graduating seniors should vote on 
this decision. 

Gordon Chang 

He,l y .... , youl 
Good-by. and 
goodluck 
to all Guardian 

staff.rs, 
out.ol ...... 

Incomln. alike. 

Thursday, May 28, 1998 

LECTURE: 
Warren court 
chiseled away rights 
Continued frOM ..... 1 
however. Wilkes diary successfully 
argued that his journal was illegal-
ly confiscated. 

Rose n said that the .S. 
Supreme Court has whittled away 
at Ameri can ri ght to pri vi\l:y over 
the past 100 years. 

" It wasn't the Progressi vc Era 
Court, and it wasn' t the New Deal 
Court that deli vered the last blow 
aga inst the right to pri vllcy," Rosen 
said. " It wou ld be the liberal IEarl] 
Warren and I Warren 1 Burger 
Courts." 

This is ironic , as the Warren and 
Burger \.:Ourts have handed dIJwn 
sweeping deci~i()n, on abortion and 
l:ontracepti ve ,ight~, al:cord ing 10 
Rosen. 

"At the same time that it was ... 
exa lti ng the right to prival:y in 
these sit -down cases involving ~ex­
ual autonomy, the Cou rt was 
absolutely chisel ing away in the 
cases where privacy was really at 
.stake," Rosen said. "Cases regard-
ing the pri vacy of papers, houses 
and pcr~on •. It was the criminal 

See LECTURE, Page 10 

, 

G R A Be 
GUARDIAN 

• • 
Central Campus 

AP&M • Bumr's Office 
Canyon Vis ta • Center Hall 
Club Med • Geisel Library 

General Store • Grove Caffe 
HSS lecture Halls 

Marsha ll Dean 's Office 
Med School Library 

M.O.M . • Pepper (anyon Apts . 
Peterson Hall • Porter's Pub 
Price (enter • Rathskeller 

Registrar's Office 
Revelle Sundry Store 

Solis Hall • Tioga/Tenaya Halls 
Warren lecture Halls 

York Hall • Undergrad Library 
University Bookstore 

UH Cred it Union 

Outer Campus 
RIMA( • UNEX 

SuperComputer Center 
Inst itute of the Americas 
Gilman Dr ive Info Booth 

Torrey Pines Center 
North T.P. Info Booth 

SID library • Snackropol is, SID 
Niremberg Hall , SID 

Thorton Hospital , ER 
Ear ly Childhood Education Cntr. 

GUAIIDIAN 

Lights & Sirens is a selection of 
entries compiled from the log book 
of the UCSD Police Department. 

Monday, May 18 
2:20 p.m. : Officers filed a report 
concerning a missing padlock from 
a file drawer at the International 
Center. 
3:40 p.m,: An 18- and a 22-year-old 
male non-affiliate were ordered off· 
campus for seven days after 
soliciting at McGill Hall. 
11:40 p.m.: A graduate student 
reported the theft of credit cards 
from Basic Science Bu ilding. No 
loss reported. 
Tuesday, May 19 
7:15 p.m.: A 31·year-old female 
student suffered chemical burns 
on her arm after spilling chemicals 
at CM M West. EH&S was notified. 
Wednesday, May 20 
10:04 a.m.: Units and the San 
Diego fire depa rtment responded 
to a fire alarm at Mandel l Weiss 
Theatre. Caused by smoke 
generated from a power saw. 

The UCSD Guardian 

Lights 
Sirens 

Thursday, May 21 
1:40 a.m.: A staff member 
suffered lacerations on a finger 
while working on a shuttle bus 
engine at Campus Service 
Complex. Transported to Thornton . 
9:30 a.m.: A staff member 
reported the theft of '94 Taylor-
Dunn gas cart from the Old Student 
Center. Loss: $2,000. 
1:30 p,m.: Staff reported 
vandalism to the north s ide 
windows of University Ce nter 107 . 
Loss: $400. 
3:25 p.m.: A 20·year·o ld female 
non-affiliate attempted suicide by a 
drug overdose at the Marshall 
Apartments. Transpor ted to 
Thornton Hospital. 
8:05 p.m. : A staff member 
repo rted the theft of a vacuum 
cleaner from Mandeville. Loss: 
$150. 
Friday, May 22 
4:20 p.m.: A student reported the 
theft of a backpack from the RIMAC 
Intramural Sports office. Loss: 
$120. 

Saturday, May 23 
12:51 a.m.: Officers arrested a 38· 
year·old male non-affiliate at North 
Torrey Pines Road and La Jolla 
Shores Drive for driving under the 
influence of alcohol . Transported to 
County Jail. 
Sunday, May 24 
3:12 a,m.: Officers detained a 21-
year·old male student in lot 104 for 
being drunk in public. Transported 
to Detox. 
4:00 a.m.: An RSO confiscated a 
contraband at the Marshall Dorms. 
5:15 p.m.: Officers arrested a 27· 
year-old male non-affiliate at the VA 
Hospital fo r violating a temporary 
restraining order. 
6:16 p.m.: Officers filed a report 
concerning a domestic dispute at 
the Ma rshall Apartments. 
7:13 p.m.: A 28·year·old male 
student fell and injured his head 
after fa inting at the RIMAC weight 
room. Transported to Thornton 
Hospital. 
9:58 p.m.: A non·affiliate reported 
the theft of a wallet from Geisel 

OFFICIAL NOTICE 
OF ELECTION 

NEWS 7 

Library. Loss: $35. 
11:35 p.m.: A non-affiliate 
reported the theft of a wallet from 
Geisel Library. Loss: $20. 
Monday, May 25 
1:40 a.m.: A 67-year-old male non-
affiliate suffered lacerations to his 
forehead after falling down on thE: 
east sidewalk of Villa La Jolla 
Drive. Transported to VA Hospital 
by paramedics. 
12:15 p.m.: A non·affiliate 
reported the theft of a wallet from 
the Canyonview Pool locker room. 
Loss: $40. 
6:20 p.m.: A student reported an 
assault at Plaza Cafe. 
Tuesday, May 26 
2:15 p.m.: Officers arrested a 39-
year-old male non·affiliate for 
spousal abuse at Mesa 
Apartments. Booked at County Jail. 
8:40 p.m.: A student reported the 
theft of a backpack from the 
Warren snake path. Loss: $35. 

- Complied By Leena Shankar 
Associate News Editor 

Public Employment Relations Board 
Telephone: (415) 439-6940 

PURPOSE OF THIS ELECTION: This election is to determine the representative, if any, desired 
by the eligible employees for purposes of meeting and negotiating with their employer. 

EMPLOYER: Regents of the University of California , San Diego 

CUTOFF DATE FOR VOTER ELIGIBILITY: April 3D, 1998 
ALL VOTERS WILL VOTE BY CHALLENGED BALLOT. ALL VOTERS SHOULD BE PREPARED 
TO PRESENT IDENTIFICATION AT THE POLLS. 

All voters are scheduled to vote on-site as described below: 

ELECTION DATES: June 3 and June 4, 1998 

POLLING HOURS: 1O ~00 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. 

SAMPLE BALLOT 
STATE OF CALIFORNIA 

PUBLIC EMPLOYMENT RELATIONS BOARD 

OFFICIAL BALLOT 
SECRET BALLOT ELECTION 

OF EMPLOYEES OF 

Regllnts or the University 
of Ca lifornia San Dicl.'CI 

MARK AN X ON THIS BALLOT 
IN ONE BOX ONLY 

D Association of Student Employees. U.A.W. 
D No Representatiun 

T his is a SECRET BALLOT and 
must •• hc !'rli~ncd . 

DO OT F'OLD 
Ptace in s.,c rcl BaU .. , Envelope 

POLLING LOCATIONS: 

University of California, San Diego 

(1) Price Center - Cove Room 
(2) Mandeville Center - Recital Hall 

THE VOTING UNIT: 
Shall INCLUDE: All readers, tutors and associates 

in (teaching a class) . 
Shall EXCLUDE: All managerial, supervisorial and 

confidential employees, and all 
other employees. 

DATE. TIME AND LOCATION OF BALLOT COUNT: 

Ballots will be counted on Monday, June 29, 1998, 
beginning at 1 :00 p.m. at the PERB San Francicso 
Regional office, 177 Post Street, Suite 900, 
San Francisco, California. 

• f.· •• ~ t--~ .""~-. :.'" -, - --.' . :-~: .. 
.. '" J.,.. '(..' ,. fr""'_ 



8 

wv,w.attcom!college 

The UCSD Guardian 

Take home 30 years of rock'n'roll history 
when you show us the AT&T Calling Card 
number on your campus ID. 

Thursday, May 28, 1998 

The Rolling Stone Covers Tour features 
hundreds of covers spanning three 
decades of popular culture and social 
comment. And admission is free, so 

don't miss it. 

Show up with an AT&T Calling Card 
number on your campus 10, and we'll 

give you free stuff: a collectible 
Rolling Stone Covers booklet. an AT&T 
Worldnet CD ROM, and more. Don't 

have the AT&T Calling Card feature on 

your 1m Visit your Card Office. 

Get free stuff at the Rolling Stone Covers Tour. Stop by 
and show us the AT&T Calling Card number on your ID. 

It's all within your reach. 
Look ror "RoIling Stone: The Complete CQ\/erS 
1967· 1997"" publIShed by Harry N. Abrams. May 1998. 

Thursday, May 28, 1998 

COUNCIL: 
Senators express 
support for decision 
Continued from page 1 

" Many arguments have heen 
made aga inst A.S.P. hy attacking 
controversial detai Is of the opera-
tion of the organizati on," the sena-
tors wrote. " However, if A.S.P. is 
given a chance tu sUl.:ceed, on its 
own, then we hope it can iron Ollt 
such detail s, on its own. 

" We feel that such arguments 
are moot points and are only meant 
to detract from the positive aspects 
of A .S.P.," the senators I.:ontinucd 
in their statement. 

Most council members reacted 
favorably to the decision to keep 
AS.P. as a student organization. 

" I ' m glad the council realized 
that a lot of questions need to be 
answered with A .S.P. and that those 
questions will be answered with 
A.S.P. as an organization." Leven-
thal said. "It would not have been 
appropriate to create it as an A.S. 
service." 

Muir Freshman Senator Andrea 
Mendez also expressed her support 
for the approval. 

"It's a good compromise," 
Mendez said. "AS. is taking 
responsibility, and AS.P. still has 
the ability to serve students. 

"I have full faith that it will be a 
success," she continued. 

Although he supported the deci-
sion, Warren Freshman Senator lason 
Ellis voiced a concern over the unan-
swered questions regarding A.S.P' 

"I believe that it's the appropri-
ate place [for A.S.P.]," Ellis said. 
"However, I don', feel that [just I 
because it's now a student organi-

The UCSD Guardian 

A.S. MEETING NOTES 
Agenda Items 
./ Approval of Fall 1998 Media Allocations from Media Unallocated. 

Submitted by Jaime Sarachit. Passed. 

./ Override of Presidential Veto of Executive Budget: Membersh ip/ Asso-
ciations line item. Submitted by Kirk Matsuzaki. Postponed. 

./ Approval of addition to 1998·99 Executive Budget to add Member-
ships/ Associations line item for $23,050. Submitted by Joe Leven-
thal. Postponed. 

./ Override of Presidential Veto of Executive Budget: Academic Suc-
cess Program line item. Submitted by Andrea Mendez. Withdrawn. 

./ Appointment of Zach Seebee as Festivals Coordinator. effective June 
1, 1998 through June 1, 1999, to be paid $40 /week . Submitted by 
Karen Juan. Passed. 

Items of Immediate Consideration 
./ Approval of James Navarro as A.S. representative to Course Materi· 

als Fee Standing Committee, effective June 3, 1998 through June 
30, 1999. Submitted by Kim McKoon. Referred to Internal Commit· 
tee. 

./ Allocation of $200.00 from Student Organizations Unallocated to 
Kaibigang Pilipino for operating funds for 1998·99 academic year. 
Submitted by Pat Ru. Referred to Rnance Committee. 

./ Allocation of $575.00 to Muslim Student Association for Fall Quarter 
1998 funding. Submitted by Pat Ru. Referred to Rnance Committee. 

zation, the questions that we had 
before should go unanswered if we 
are to continue to fund it." 

AS .P. core member Alex Tom 
said he is afraid that. because of its 
organization status, the group will 
not be able to start some of its ser-
vices, such as peer mentorship pro-
grams and other special projects. 
Tom expressed concern that the 
group's work may be hampered by 
its status as an organization. 

"I don't know if being a student 
organi zat ion will allow us to do all 

the services that we wanted to do," 
Tom said. 

This action comes after the 
group failed to receive A.S. monies 
in the 1998-1999 budget. Although 
the council originally approved the 
funding of the program as an A.S. 
service, President loe Leventhal 
vetoed the approval two weeks ago. 

A.S .P. also was unable to 
receive financial suppon after a 
referendum on the A .S. elections 
ballot failed. If the referendum had 

See COUNCIL, Page 10 

NEWS 9 

"QUALITY THAt WITH A CLASSY SErfl NO" 
TIlt' UIIAmm II Em" , 

• ~h't~ f"ilIAPPROVED (!lI Unknown Eater 
/ ~ }Get '"THAI SAI.AD ARE EXCELLENT ... HOT RASIL IS SUPERB" 

thai k 'tChc1l 
' "THAI CURRY DISHES ARE 0 OD AND 0 
ARE THE PICY RICE A D NOODLES" 

n,f' StilI /), "1(11 VII/fill T"flWl r 

r-------------------I OJ1'" rxpim 6/JO/ 9,Y . t 
Free Appetizer I 

I (Goldell MooII) t I 1\.;,/1 ,ile I'II/rlwse 0(2 DimiP/' £ /Ilrees. Nm "(I lid 11'1111 {IllY IIIher offer. I 
0111' ('OUpl'" per /Uble . Plellsl' preserll cottpOIl whell ()rde,.i"M· I 
~-------------------we speciati ze in cmering • open dail y for lunch and dinner (s unday, dinner on ly) 

7734-c girard -avenue· downtown la jolla • 456-0466 

Last Call for 
Summer 

I..~ .. d~ .. 
AlnsterdaID 

T'~"''y~ 
Ri~ 

Hawvaii 
Can.:u .. 

Bang .. ~. 
Sydney 

,1..._ .. f,c.t.c4,. ~_f "'c/""cc. FARIS .. ' IIOU'D "". 00 IIOl 'O(LUI)( 'AllES, 
---r . ( RESTRICTIONS APPLY, suauo '0 (HANGE Mcc fCof c. 

9500 Gilman Dr. 
UCSD Price Center, Ste. 76 
La Jolla (619) 452-0630 

Let California Self Storage 
Move You FREE! 

OUTDOOR PRODUCTS 
Roadtripper (Carry.On) $8999 

comp $125.00 

MEl F1ving Scotsman I (Carry.On) 
Detachable Daypack $15999 
.~ ...,ItIt..;;;;;';iji;Io.__ comp $125.00 

MEl Trekker I (Carry-On) 
Detachable Daypack 
Side Pocke~ 17999 
comp $240.00 - U Load - We'll Haul - Easy to use, easy to move 

- Closest facility to campus - Saves you time and money! 
- Low IQw monthly rates 

"[Ill fJ III l\\I1 
~I~I~I( ~'I'f)IIJ'f.l~ 

5206 Eastgate Mall 
(~1'1 .. 1 .. L152-i ()LI1 

i ~:~t":= ! ,~ .~ I ...... ~ 
~~~~~~' ~---~--~ 



10 NEWS The UCSD Guardian 

3 Rai rs of color 
DISPOSABLES * 

Free color variety packs for light 
or dark eyes when you buy 12 
pairs of FreshLooke clear 
disposabes. (6-mo. supply) 

Exam, follow-up, solutions, $14 9 
6 mo. of FreshLooks® Clear, 
3-pair Rainbow variety pack. . After Mlrs. 540 rebate 

ROSER I HIUII, 0 .0 . • SlEVEN TUMAN, 0 .0 . DAilY WEAR EXTENDED WEAR 

$89** $99** COSTA VERDE CENTER 8650 GENESEE AvE. STE. 220 (619)452-7374 
COMPLETE 2 PAIRS B&L FW 

.. All speciel. include lense •• exem, .yecere kit end loll"", up vi.it. 
Astlgmetic len.e. higher. Not volid with any other oller. 

011.,. expire 8/31/98 

FASHION V ALLEY CENTER 
NEAR SAKS FIFTH AVENUE (619}295-0537 

M·F 10·7 • SAl. 10·6 • I' v. ONIyl SUN. 11·6 

CHEC\(1l0Ul 
ON1HEWEB. 

www.ford~com 

$400 CASH BONUS 
toward purchase or lease* 

1998 Ford Escort ~ 
You've hit the books. Now it's time to hit the road. Ford can help. 'College seniors 

and grad students get $400 cash back" toward the purchase or Ford Credit 
Red Carpet Lease of any eligible Ford or Mercury. It's academic: pocket the cash 

grab life by the wheel. For more College Graduate Purchase Program info, • 
calil-SOO-321-1536 or visit the Web at www.ford.com 

'TO be eIigibIII. YIl\J musl graduate wiIt1 an II08OCiat.'s 01' DeCneIOI''s degree '*-' 1011 and 1l519li 01' be ~...-In 
You must ~ 01' _ ~ ~ vehocIa bet-' 1/4198 and t/5olW. Some cuotomor and vehocIa eIIgIbtIty rwotr<:tiOns oppIf. See ~ ~oiIs 

Thursday, May 28, 1998 

LECTURE: 
Gore proposes 
electronic rights 
ContInued from ..... 7 
prosecution revolution orthe 1960s 
that killed the right to privacy." 

At first, the Warren Court made 
it unconstitutional to admit in court 
evidence that wa confiscated with-
out a warranl. This judgment was 
too oversweeping and did not give 
consideration to inrormal searches. 
such as metal detectors, Rosen 
said. 

As a result, the Court decided to 
broaden the powers of law enforce-
ment officials, investigators and 
grand juries. Decisions were made, 
permitting law enforcement oft1-
cials to access material after it had 
left a residem:e - further reuucing 
the right to privacy, according to 
Rosen. He cited garbage, dropping 
clothing at the dry cleaners and 
electronic mail as examples of 
accessible material. 

"The erfects of these decisions 
is chilling and dramati c in an elec-
tronic age where we are forced to 
store intimate personal data from 
medical records to e-mail to com-
puter files outside your home," 
Rosen said. 

The emergence of the 
informal ion age has brought forth 
possibilities of new privacy 
invasions, as well as new 
safeguards against them. Rosen 
said that Vice President AI Gore 
recently announced a plan for an 
"electronic Bill of Rights," 
allowing for data to be protected 
from scrutiny. 

Rosen argued that there shoulu 
be a reasonable level of scrutiny for 
different groups of people. 
Unabomber Theodore Kaczynski, 
convicted of mass murder, for 
example. would be held at a higher 
level of scrutiny than Monica 
Lewinsky, who is being investigat-
ed for perjury ina case that has 
been dismissed. 

It would be difficult to define 
reasonable levels of scrutiny for the 
judicial system and journalists, as 
everyone is intereSled in the sex 
lives of other people, Rosen said. 
referring to Lewinsky's case. 

" It leads me to believe that there 
is a lillie Ken Starr in all of us - an 
inquisitive imp eager to sift 
through diaries and listen to sex 
tapes, even as he purports to abhor 
them," Rosen said. 

COUNCIL: 
Override of UCSA 
veto also discussed 
Continued from pit,. 9 
passed, UCSD students would have 
been assessed a $1 mandatory ree 
to pay for the program. 

Additionally, the council debat-
ed on whether to override Leven-
thal's veto or the University or Cal-
iforniil Student Association 
(UCSA) fee increase. Two weeks 
ago, the council approved an 
increase in the fee it pays 10 UCSA 
by 25 cents to $1.75, a move which 
Leventhal vetoed shortly thereafter. 
The council agreed to decide the 
vote on the override legislation by 
an open roll eall vote, in which 
council members have until Friday 
at4 p.m. to cast thei r voles. 

In other A.S. news, last week 
the council made official Leven-
thal's appointment of former Roo-
sevelt Sophomore Senator Kasey 
Crawford as the Commissioner of 
Services and Enterprises_ 

This Week 

'Fear and Loathing in Las 
Vegas' is a road trip gone 
awry .. " I'a68 12 

Films 
The following movies open 
in theaters tomorrow. 
• Almost Heroes, starring 

Matthew Perry and Chris 
Farley. 

• Hope Floats, starring 
Sandra Bullock and Harry 
Connick, Jr. 

• The Last Days of Disco, 
starring Chloe Sevigny 
and Jennifer Beals. 

Albums 
The following albums will 
be released next Tuesday. 
• The Chemical Brothers 

will release Chemical 
Reaction. 

• CIV will release Thirteen 
Day Getaway. 

• Deep Purple will release 
Abandoned. 

• Gloria Estefan will 
release gloria! 

• Eva Trout will release 
Eva Trout. 

• Girls Against Boys will 
release Freak * on *ica. 

• Home Grown will 
release Act Your Age. 

• Master P will release 
The Last Dawn. 

• Rocket From The Crypt 
will release RFTC. 

• Smashing Pumpkins 
will release Adore. 

• Tricky will release Angels 
with Dirty Faces. 

• Unwritten Law will 
release Unwritten Law_ 

Concerts 
• Tickets go on sale today 

for The Connens, who 
will perform at Brick By 
Brick on June 20. Call 
220-TIXS for 
information. 

• Tickets are on sale now 
for The Melvina, Inch and 
ao.t.NIke, who will 
perform at the Casbah on 
June 26. Call 220-TIXS for 
information. 

UCSD Guardian Arts II Entertainment May 28, 1998 

hoever stuck the 
knife in Pall A. 
Jenkins' blecd-
i ng heart su rc 
did a thorough 
job. His brood-
ing lyrics on The 

Black Heart Procession's debut 
'release can renew a smarting 
spot of anguish in us all. 

"I've always been opposed 10 
writing love songs," Jenkins 
admits. "But once I started 
enjoying the idea of comparing 
music with beauty and sunsets 
and rain and all that ... stufr ... 
well , there's a lot you can do as 
far as writing lyrics go." 

The end result is a diver-
gence for the front man of San 
Diego's Three Mile Pilot. While 

las t year's pensive ANOTHER 
DESERT ANOTHER SEA 
echoed the same troubled source 
in his personal life, Jenkins and 
The Black Heart Process ion 
muse more like a concept band. 
Song titles cry "Release My 
Heart," "Stitched to My Heart" 
and "Heart the Size or a Horse." 
On stage, Jenkins wears a flash-
ing heart which glows under his 
shirt . 

He acknowledges a romantic 
involvement thaI "ended real 
horribly" prior to collaborating 
on the new album with Three 
Mile Pilot percussionist Tobias 
Nathaniel. 

"There 's a point of being so 
sad and bummed that you just 
kind of laugh at yourself," Jcnk-

Story by Esther foon, 
Senior Staff Writer 

confesses. "It 
just gelS a lillie 

insane in your head 
because you get so slupid about 
things like Ihat sometimes." 

A satirical outtake pres~nted 
itself, and The Black Heart Pro-
cession were born. A project that 
began as an innocent. late-night 
foray for the duo grew into a 
major concept. With the contri-
butions of several friends, the 
coll ective now shifts from any-
where between two and eight 
musicians performing live. 

Structured to play stripped 
down or fi lied in with extra 
instruments, sets and individual 
songs vary with each perfor-
mance. 

See BLACK, Page 17 



12 HIATUS The UCSD Guardian Thursday, May 28, 1998 

=====M 0 V I ERE V I E 
Alcohol, Tobacco and Fi-earms: and That's Just the Hotel Room 

Teny Gilliam 's 1'ear and Loathing in Las Vegas ' packs in the debauchery, but ifs one bad trip 
Fear and Loath.-ng does a good job with the drugs. Dukc and Gonzo mcander from 
in Las Vegas 
*; 
ltarrtac: Johnny Depp. Benlcio Del 
Toro. Cameron Diaz, Christina Ricci. 
Ellen Barkin. Gary Busey. Lyle Lovett 

By Undsay Sworskl 
Staff Writer 

From the cool psychede lic titlc 
sequence with ominous liquid let-
tering, Uni versal Pictures' "Fear 
and Loathing in Las Vegas" goes 
downhill at a fast pace. Just like the 
initial highway scene, thi s movie 
speeds, swerves and will drive audi -
ences crazy. But hey, if a bad trip is 
exciting to you, thi s movie is great. 

Journalist Raoul Duke (played 
by Johnny Depp) and his sidekick, 
attorney Dr. Gonzo (Benicio Del 
Taro), embark on a high-speed road 
trip in search of the American 
Dream. On the way they forget 
what they are looking for in a nur-
ry of colorful chemicals and melt -
ing walls. Instead, they discover 
the ludicrous nature of Las Vegas 
and a lounge full of lizards. 

Based on Hunter S. Thompson's 
infamous novel of the same title, 
Director Terry Gilliam's adaptation 
lakes place in 1971 - the period of 
di sillusionment and disappoint-
ment following the era of failed 
nower power. The film allempts to 
delve into the inadequacies of soci-
ety, individuals and drugs - it 

one hotel to another, in one drug-
induced stupor to another and fro m 
one vomit scene to another. 

The cinematography captures 
the visual aspect of these toxic tri -
als and is the most redeeming qual-
ity of the film . A variety of tech-
niques are empl oyed to give each 
drug it s own realistic (or unrea li s-
tic) fee l. The carpet moves, colors 
change and faces morph o Audi -
em:es will leave the monotonous 
movie fee ling a lillie off-kilter and 
sli ghtly light headed. 

The acting is approached in a 
unique way. Thompson made Depp 
wear the e)(act clothes he had worn 
on his trip over 20 years earlier. 
Even the convertible in the movie 
is identical to the automobile 
Thompson drove through the 
desert. The acting is commendable, 
considering Depp was completely 
sober during the filming. He 
learned about the feelings of inebri-
ation through long talks with 
Thompson. 

Keeping close to Thompson's 
original intentions, "Fear and 
Loathing" does not stray far from 
the book 's anti-plot. In fact , the 
movie does a brilliant job of stick-
ing to chaos and avoiding any logi-
cal progression or development. It 
goes nowhere and returns again 
and again. 

The main difference between 

lJi tie JelIJaD JIlp lop of 

Courtesy of Universal Pictures/Peter Mountain 
RCNId Trip: Johnny Depp (below) stars as journalist Raoul Duke and Benicio Del Toro is Dr. Gonzo in 
Terry Gilliam's film version of Hunter S. Thompson's classic novel, Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas. 
the 111m and the novel is that the As Duke and Gonzo are trapped in Vegas and all that it represents. Be 
book focuses on the tragedy of the states of mental torture and insani- prepared for the worst - or the 
situation, while the movie is a ty, half the audience will smile, best, depending on how you look at 
humorous account of hell. Close- while the other half will get up and it. The concept is great. but the e)(e-
ups of characters puking in the toi- leave the theater. cut ion is lacking. This trip is 
let or bathing in a mulch of dirty "Fear and Loathing" is a jour- extremely disturbing, confusing 
water will draw laughter audiences. ney into the nightmare of Las and boring. 

APPLICATIONS FOR THE 
SAM AND 
ROSE STEIN 
INSTITUTE FOR 
RESEARCH 
ON AGING 
1998~99 STUDENT 

INVESTIGATOR FELLOWSHIPS 
ARE NOW BEING ACCEPTED 

TIle WomDwel1 as 
The program is designed to encourage students in pursuing research 

in age-related di eases whjle fostering mentor relationships with 
UCSD faculty members . 

Junior and Senior student who are interested in laboratory 

fe ll whips r cused on age related di ease may pick up 
applications at The tein Clinical Research Building, 

room 146, UC D School of Medicine. All applications 

Gnu SteP Siow 

II nOOn -1:OOpJl 
Friday, Bay 29, 1998 
Price Com Plaza 

lot UIb t DrlIis 01 Ale bJ .. 
lbbJ.lImI S1dut 1JDa 

must be received by AUiu. I I , 1998 

FOR MORE INFORMATION CALL 534-6299. 

Thursday, May 28, 1998 The UCSD Guardian 

M 0 E W 
HIATUS 13 

hi to-~~ 
department 

TOWN 
MEET[NG 

Courtesy of Twentieth Century FoJ</Sidney Baldwin 
Independent: Sen. Jay Bulworth (Warren Beatty, right) ignores the advice of his aide (Oliver Platt) . Thursday, May 28 

It's Mot Business as Usual from 5:00 to 6:30 PM PRICE CENTER COVE (across from Wok's Up Restaurant) 
'Eulworth ' delivers a new twist on the struggles of politics History majors, minors, and interested 

students, please join us for our Spring 
Town Meeting! Professor Mel Green of 
the Biology Department and Director 
of the Enrichment Program at UCSD 
will discuss undergraduate research 

Bulworth 
***; 
stantnc: Warren Beatty, Halle Berry, 
Oliver Platt, Jack Warden, Paul Sorvino. 

By Elvin Plrlng 
Staff Writer 

With many summer block-
busters arri ving at the theaters, a 
film like "Bulworth" could easily 
be overlooked. 

The advertising for the film 
does more damage for its image 
than anything else. Both the com-
mercials and the previews make the 
movie look, well , stupid. Sadly, the 
film 's most successful plug comes 
from one of the songs off its sound-
track. Still , the music video for 
"Ghello Supastar" barely does the 
fi 1m any justice. 

"Bulworth" is the lalcst produc-

tion by legendary actor' and fi I m-
maker Warren Beally. who pro-
duced, wrote, directed and stars in 
the title role. 

The film 's plot takes place 
during the last few days of the 
California primary election cam-
paign of 1996. Incumbent U.S. 
Sen . Jay Bulworth is immersed in 
a campaign to hold off a surging 
challenger. The campaign takes 
its toll on Bulworth as he goes 
days without eating or sleeping. 
As a result , Bulworth suffers a 
nervous breakdown and becomes 
suicidal. 

Instead of ending his life him-
self, Bulworth arranges for a hit 
man to assassinate him during the 
final campaign weekend. Before 
hi s planned assass ination, Bul-
worth makes a multi-million dollar 
deal with a c.:orrupt lobbyist for a 

SCRIPPS MESA STORAGE 
.:.S!J!!lE.1 IUMWI~R RATES 

5 X 7 • $21 permo. 
5 X 8 • $23 permo. 

With student I. D. No security deposit. 
No admin. fee . Upstairs units . Other sizes 
available . Outdoor car storage available. 

. , 

l-
I * 

jl , 
9780 Candida 

San Diego Pre",iere! 
Doing ,.ime 

For Palsy Cline 
tIVInn.r - B •• ' Or,,,'nal Scr •• np/ay & ltIIa.' 

Popular Au.,rallan FII,.. a' rh. 1tII.lbourn. FII,.. 
F •• rlva/ . The story of a charTTling 1 B year aIel set 

on bBcoTTling a s tar at the Granel 01. Opr'1llY.' _--, 

AUltr.lI. • 1997 
Directed by 

Chris Kennedy 

I 

load of life insurance, from which 
hi s daughter would benefit nicely 
upon his death. 

Knowing that he is about to die, 
Sen. Bulworth selS out on his linal 
campaign trail with an entirely dif-
ferent altitude. Having nothing to 
lose, the senator starts to speak 
free ly and honestly about the true 
nature of social and political issues. 

Bulworth 's new slant on poli-
tics results in an encounter with a 
beautiful, intelligent African-
American woman (Halle Berry), 
who was raised by militant Black 
Panthers. This meeting gives the 
Senator a new enthusiasm for life, 
and he becomes determined to 
stop the "hit" he put out on him-
self. 

"Bulworth" also features the lal-
ents of Oliver PiaU, Jack Warden 

See BULWOItTH, Page 18 

opportunities. ' 

Professor David Luft of the History 
Department will discuss the History 
Essay Contest erltri~s and announce the 
winner! 

Histcry Faculty, Staff, and Graduate 
Students will be available to answer 
your questions about the program and 
further study in history. 

Whether you dress up or down, 
refreshments will be served! 

See you at the Cove on Thursday! 

CRUSH THE LSAT 
WITH 

TESTMASTERS 
The TestMasters LSAT Course Includes: 
• 80 hours of live, In-class Instruction 
e Instructors who have all scored In the 99th 

percentile on the actual LSAT 
• Student helpllne open 2& hours_each week 
• Licensed use of all real LSAT questions 
• Four full-length ' proct~red diagnostiC tests 
• Competltrve cost - $950 

---



14 HIATUS The UCSD Guardian Thursday, May 28, 1998 

- ( A~~-l- ~ - M-==u= =i=:.-=tI;;=;--= 

courtesy of Thril Jockey Records/Chros Tohver 
Tortol .. : Tortoise will perform at Brick By Brick on Mon .. June 1 
with Isotope 217 opening the show. 

!~ay 
Earth CrlsI., M.dball, 
One KI.., Down and 
ScarhNd will perform at 
SOMA at 8 p.m. Call 239-
SOMA for more 
information. 

Steve Rile and The 
Mamou Playboy. and The 
Mejanos will perform at 
the Belly Up Tavern at 8 
p.m. Call 481-8140 for 
more information. 

Gary Hoey and FItII will 
perform at 'Canes at 8 
p.m. Call 488-1780 for 
more information . 

Tomorrow 
May 29 
John Lee Hooker and 
Richard Thompson will 
perform at Humphrey 's at 
7:30 p.m. Call 523-1010 
for more information . 

S"yer, Clutch and 
System of a Down will 
perform at SOMA at 8 p.m. 
Call 239-S0MA for more 
information. 

Jim O'Rourke, Creedle 
and Ov.1 will perform at 
the Casbah at 8:30 p.m. 
Call 232-4355 for more 
information. 

Sahl'day 
May 30 
Bela Fleck and The 
Flecktone. will perform at 
the East County Performing 
Arts Center at 7:30 p.m. 
Call 440-2277 for more 
information. 

Let'. Go Bowling and 
Skanlc will perform at 
'Canes at 8 p.m. Call 488-
8140 for more information. 

Flogging Molly, The 
Chaser. and The 
Marlett •• will perform at 
the Casbah at 8:30 p.m. 

oom To Grow! 

GEICO DIRECf is growing at an incredible rate - and you can grow with us! 
We have excellent positions available for bright, energetic people who want 
to enter the job market and get on a fast track to rapid career advancement. 

The successful candidate will accept aCCident reports, gather information 
and negotiate settlements for non-injury auto insurance claims. Requires 
strong customer se!vice experience; excellent communica tions skills; 
college degree or actively pursuing; and ability to type 2S WPM. Salary: 
SSOO/week. Full training provided. 

Drug test, physical, credit and background checks required. 

For immediate consideration send your resume, includ ing job ti tl e and 
salary history, to: GEICO DIRECT, Hiring Dept., 10680 Treena Stree t, 
San Diego, CA 92131; or Fax: 619/549-5775 . EOE 

Jobline: 6191549-5687 
Or visit us online at: www.geico.com 

Call' 232-4355 for more 
information. 

The Gre.ory Pap Band 
wi" perform at Java Joe's in 
Ocean Beach at 9 p.m. Call 
523-0356 for more 
information. 

~ay 
"Guitars and Saxe." 
featuring Rlclulrd Elliot, 
Jonathan Butler and Kirk 
Whalum wi" perform at 
Humphrey's at 6 p.m. and 
8:30 p.m. Call 523-1010 
for more information. 

Jon Lankford and The 
Skull Orchard will perform 
at the Casbah at 8:30 p.m. 
Call 232-4355 for more 
information. 

William Jackson wi " 
perform at the Holy Tri nity 
Episcopal Church at 7 :30 
p.m . Call 689-2266 for 
more information. 

; 7Jou are cordia lly 
I invited 10 p lace 
I an adverlijemenl in 

the 
(jraJualwn I 

Y-jjue 
0/ 

G UAilD IAN 
'Jhur3da';j , 

June 4 
AD DEADLINE: 
Mon. June 1 

CALL 
(619)534-3466 

TODAY 
TO RESERVE YOUR 

AD SPACEI 
·Applie5 fo new plocemenf5 only 

Thursday, May 28, 1998 

Lucy'. Fur coat 
How To Survive an Air Crash 

-***~ 
Tip San Diego another bill for 

brewing the qualit y, hard-edge 
band Lucy's Fur Coal. 

San Di ego's local scene is 
unu ual in that it has produced so 
many future stars. With the likes of 
Buck-O-Nine and the recent suc-
cess of Sprung Monkey in the 
national radio play list, Lucy's Fur 
Coat may ju t make the next round . 

In thei r new album, limv To 
Survive All Air Crash. LUl:Y 's Fur 
Coat eject a slew of we ll -w ri tten 
songs with so lid music. 

The band's fusion of heavy gui-
tar riffs and cven heavier drums 
results in an instant pump. The 
songs vary throughout the album, 
but an undeni ab le hard sound 
emanates throughout. 

On the fi rst track, lead vocalist 
Charles Ware sounds like Chris 
Cornell from Soundgarden. While 
this can be viewed ambiguously, 

Paris ......... ....... ...... S782 

Frankfurt.. ... _ ... .. .... S862 

B M 
dependi ng on the tastes of the lis-
tener, more than a few of the songs 
maintai n thi s resemblance. 
Nonetheless, the album is distinct 
and gets eKtra credit for successful -
ly combi ning the rough stuff with 
orig inal melodies. 

Unfortunately, Lucy's Fur 
Coat 's vocal abil ity is limited to 
only heavy rock and thrash. While 
there are some mellower songs, the 
voca ls can be heard distinctly in the 
background . 

In addition. when the band 
moves away from heav ier sounds, 
it tends to flounder. such as in the 
tracks "EI Cajon" and "Shapely." 
On the other hand, when it all 
comes together, the band is unstop-
pable. 

- Eran Maor 

Pr .... r. Drop 
Elusive 

___ o/ __ "'oIe 

-*** 
Pressure Drop took their time 

putting out their third full -length 

Rome .. ... ........... , .... S906 
Madrid ............... ' ... $882 
Athens ............... ... $993 

5TA TRAm ... 
THE WORLD' S 
lARGEST STUDENT 

(800) 777-0112 ST/j 
STA TRAVEL 

TRAm OIGA.'1IZATMIII_ We'we beet! tIIert. 

80 R TICKET ONLINE AT: 
WWW.STA-TRAVEl.COM 

will be he ld on 
Sunday, June 14, 1998 

in the University Price Center Ballroom 
at 1 :30 p.m. 

Ph.D., M.F.A., and 
Masters degrees conferred 

Reception at the 
University Price Cerrter Plaza 

Studcn t5 who will have completed a ll requirements by 
Friday, June 5 and are eligible to pani ipate should 
contact OGSR at x43436 . Contact the booksto re fo r 
cap and gown rentals at x47323 o r x44568. 

The UCSD Guardian 

R E 
album. and even longer in bringing 
it to the United States . For the most 
part. Elusive is well worth the wait. 

From cl ub progressive to more 
mid-tempo. Leftfield -like tracks, 
Pressure Drop mastenninds Justin 
Langlands and Dave Henley have 
done it all. An amalgam of under-
stated innuences. Elusive surpasses 
Pressure Drop's earlier club hits in 
its versatility. 

The mood is dark and pensive, 
particularly on songs like "Let Me 
Be Me" and "Darkness." Down-
tempo beats carry these brooding 
epics. only to be rocked by arbi -
trary smatterings of wah-wah gui -
tar, vibes and stri ngs. 

Vocali t Anita Jarrett, who 
makes several appearances through-
out the aibulll , belts out soul ful and 
sult ry vocals. Jarrett rips into hluesy 
out-takes li ke "Got to Be for Real ," 
and is tempered by the deep, brood-
ing melody on "Darkness." 

In their tinkering, Pressure Drop 
ru n into some unavoidable pitfa ll s 
- like the cheesy rapping on 
"Writi ng on (he Wa ll ." 

They redeem thcmselves with 
keepers like "Sounds of Time," the 
album 's fi rst si ngle. Also remixed 
by Stereo MCs and Roni Size, the 
track approaches a spaghelt i-west-
em feel with acoustic guitar, jazzy 
breaks and (he eerie, poetic ram-
blings of Brothcr D. 

- Esther Yoon 

V= I= E 

Dirty Thr .. 
Ocean Songs 

-**** 
Australia's Dirty Three empha-

size the rock in ··post-rock." Build-
ing thei r career un instrumental, 
vio lin-guided re leases, the trio con-
tinues to write ball ads that sway 
rock audiences. 

Beyond thei r capacity to make 
people swoon, though, Dirty Three 
arc upl ifting. Their third and latest 
effo rt , Oceall SOllgS, relics on a 
110a! i ng, meandering song struc-
ture. However, the album is not as 
gea red toward (he improvised out -
bursts heard on Horse SlOries. 

Jim White's loose, tattcring 
drum ro ll s and Warren Ellis' 
swell ing violin crescendos evoke 
emotional ecstasy (and quite p'oss i-
bly out -of-body ex periences). Mea-
sure by measure, they load their 
songs with tension and anticipa-
ti on. 

For the most part, th~ slow and 
sultry songs lapse and leave the Iis-

HIATUS 15 

s ............. ~~--
tener to interpret the turbulent , 
open-ended yams spun by Ellis and 
Mick Turner's guitar. Recorded 
with Steve Albini , Dirty Three con-
tinue to roll out their epic tales with 
elegant and understated precision. 

- Esther Yoon 

Atilio MIneo 
Man in Space With Sounds 

--
-**** 

Coming from someone who has 
searched high and low (and eventu-
ally dropped a lot of cash) for an 

See MINEO, Page 18 

_Rlfl~~s_ 
Excellent 
Good 
Fair 
Weak 
Poor 

***** 
**** 
*** 
** 
* 

>1>~,~~; Sfn:!JJ fiI.hlner 
ATTITUD'ES with SHADES EO 

www.youngatti(udes.com 

8843 Vill a La 10lla Drive 
La 1011 a, California 

92037 

CONDITIONING COLOR WITH SHINE 
Friday or Saturday June 5 & 6th for 

SHADES EO C%r and Other Discounted Services {Including Manicures, Pedicures, 
{Jeep Conditioners, & Highlights.) 

Enter Our Drawing For a Free Gift Bag 

ra 

30%off all REOKEN products 
15%off all other products 

SELFS 
7044 Flanders n""A 

tt' NEW, CLEAN, SECURE f!' HILTON QUALITY AT MQTII, .- PRICES 
.., ALL GROUND ROOR UNITS .., NO SECURITY DEPO!II or ..... FEEl 

tt' ONLY $10 REFUNDABLE D .... T RIQ" 
f!' CAU. FOR gUARANTEER IUlRYADAN WITH 0 
tt' U-H~UL TRUCKS AVAILABLE 

nCARD 

3,d MONTH FREE 1M 
Ix5'. a Ix10'. 

-0511 



-
16 HIATUS The UCSD Guardian Thursday, May 28, 1998 

UTIFUL SMILES MADE HERE 

• White Fillings, Porcelain Crowns & 
Veneers , Bonding 

• Teeth Whitening, Safe & Effective 
• Straighten Teeth with Clear 

Braces/Retainers 
• Oral Surgery, Root Canal Therapy, 

Periodontal Care 
.24 Hour Emergency Care 
• Complimentary Cosmetic Video 

Imaging 
• Dental Implants to Replace: Missing 

Teeth. Loose Fitting Partials and 
Dentures (FDA Approved) 

• Ask us about No Drills & No Needles!! 

1 0 0 7~Ia~SI~~~:~~:d 
---------------

I COMPLIMENTARY Cosmetic &: 
aluation: 

$125 value 
--- ______ 1 

UCSD ALUMNI ASSOCIATION 
. SALUTES 

CLASS 
of 

1998 
DEDICATION of'9 LA 

Monday, J un 1 
Noon-I2: 15 p.m. 

PLAQUE 

Library Walk/Price Cent r 
Everyone Welcomc-Refreshmcnt , 

F IllmveJ hy Ca ri lion Conccrr 

B 
. -. 
ALUMNI 

Courtesy of Ay PR 
Striker: Fresno·based ska band Let's Go Bowling will perform at 'Canes in Mission Beach on 
Saturday night, with local band Skanic opening the show. 

When AI Dse Fais, Go Bowling 
Let's Go Bowling come to town to support their new album 

By Joe AncJulo 
Staff Writer 

When you think of ska, the big 
names come to mind - Madness. 
The Specials, The Skatalites. There 
are. however, plenty of new bands 
that give the old· timers a run for 
their money when it comes to lay-
ing down the beal. Fresno's own 
Let's Go Bowling, one of the best 
third-wave ska bands, are part of 
this group. 

Saturday night, Let's Go Bowl-
ing wi ll perrorm at 'Canes in Mis-
sion Beach. The band is touring in 
support of Freeway ume,I' (Asian 
Man Records), a new (;olkctioll of 
live materia l. If the album is any 
intli 'ation , Let 's Go Bowling wi ll 
untloubted ly put on a li ve ly ~et of 
uphcat, energetic and eminently 
danceablc thirtl-wave ska, while 
staying mtlsi~a ll y ti ght and tcchni-
ca II y excel It:nl. 

Lct 's Go Buw ling were fuuntled 
in 1986 by kcyhoartlist/voca li st 
Darren Fletcher and bassist/vocal -

i ~ t Mark M i,hel as a party hand 
with ruots in early ncw wave and 2-

Tone ska. The band progressed to 
its current sound by incorporating 
the influences of consequent mem-
bers, which ranged from Latin to 
jazz to punk. Rounding out the 
ensemble are drummer Adam Lee, 
guitarist/vocalist Paul Miskulin, 
trumpet player Patrick Bush, sa)(o-
phonist Gilbert Lopez, trombonist 
Mike Deleon and guitari st Lincoln 
Barr. 

Let's Go Bowling have the San 
Joaquin Valley 's huge agri (;u ltural 
industry to thank for their name. 

"The name comes rrom the time 
Darren and I were picking grapes 
and throwing them into the hin ," 
Michel sa id . "We tumetl to each 
other and said. ' Fuck thi s! Let's go 
bowling! '" 

Thc band 's I YY I debut albulll, 
Music til Bowl By (Moon Re~ords) 
eametl it a solitl fan base and has 
sold more than 25,000 copics to 
date through independent distribu -
tion. Let 's Go Bowling returned in 
I Y% with M,: Twist , which charted 
we ll in both CMJ's radio and retai l 
charts. The vitlco for "Spy Market" 

received air lime on MTV and M2, 
and Let's Go Bowling tracks have 
been played on specialty shows in 
over 60 radio stations across the 
country. Recently, the band has 
embarked on national tours with 
The Skatalites, The Toasters, The 
Selecter and Reverend Horton 
Heat. 

In this era of ska-core and the 
apparen tly unending deluge of 
punk bands playing on the off-beat 
and toss ing in a trumpet anti 
becoming "ska," it is refreshing to 
sec a band that actually knows how 
to play it s instruments. At the same 
lime, Let 's Go Bowling are defi -
nitcly a third-wave band instead of 
one that consciously attempts to 
replicate an "authentic" old-school 
'60s sound (like Hercat or Oceans 
II , for instance), That is, their 
songs are upbeat and melodic, and 
they borrow more from swing anti 
lounge influences than from Amer-
ican soul and R&B . 

For sheer danceability, Let's Go 
Bowling are hartl to beat ; even 

See BOWUNG, Page 17 

DOUBLE 
BLIND 
,~,~ 

G8t a jump on vour summer reading ! Serving UCSD Fori Over 30 Years I L 

KEN GODDARD 
, . 

Come meet author and UCSD alumni 

signing his naw thrillar 

'I.IdIV, JU •• 2nll • 12:00-1:30 POI 
Icsa ••• 1I11.r. • Flrll FI.lr 

-CAMERAS 

-LENSES 

eBINOCULARS 

eDARKROOM 
SUPPLIES 

, All II DiIlCDunt prictls! ) 
\ UCSD P.O. W lH:~tsd! / 

459·7355 
7720 Fay Ave, La Jolla CA 
WINW. bobdaviscamera. com 

''Contains elements that are reminiscent of Eric Ambler's 
love of intrigue, Joseph Wambaugh's feeling for cops, and 

Ian Fleming's rn~sion for technically sophisticated gOOb'ClS." 
ew Yo'* Newsday 1819J 534-3149 • WWW-bllklllr •. lelll .• dl 

Thursday, May 28. 1998 

BLACK: 
Local band's sound 
makes waves 
Continued from page 11 

Frequent players include Mario 
Rubalcaba, the riveting drummcr 
from San Diego's now-defunct 
Clikatat Ikatowi, and Three Mile 
Pilot's A.B,S. IV. Rocket From the 
Crypt 's JC2000 also plays sax and 
trumpet ofT and on, 

Armed with an experimental 
and parameter-free approach to 
instrumentation, the Black Heart 
coalition protluces gorgeous, eni g-
matic sountlscapes in the shape of 
love letters. Organ" sheet metal 
anti musical sa ws beget a spuoky 
ambiance with a slight American 
gothic-country twallg. 

Stripped down at its best, the 
resonance of sou lful voca ls and 
telltale piano fill in the breezy 
echoes of lovelorn sadness. Song 
structures meander all over the 
album. Floating string parts and 
even an occasional duel with musi -
cal saws are characteristi c of The 
Black H'art Proce~sio n 's no el 
extremities. 

"Toby and I kind of lOok the 
'heart ' thing to the c)(treme, just to 
see what people would do if they 
were holding an album that was all 
about love, heartbreak and being 
screwed over," Jenkins claims, "To 
me, love and sadness are things that 
are uni versa l and go beyond the 
English language, 

'" have a hard timc writing 
happy music." 

Eat your heart out, Tum Wai ts. 

BOWLING: 
LOB release 
Freeway Lanes 
Continued from page 16 
those hartl-core roots sk inheatls 
that every ska fan has seen at 
shows will want to start skanking 
(but probably won 't). 

Freeway Lanes consists of all 
live tracks recorded during the 
band's 1997 tour dates (during 
which time it played at the San 
Diego Street Scene's e)(ce llent ska 
day). However, most, if not all of 
the songs on Freeway Lanes, have 
already appeared on other releases. 
Based on this, rew, e)(cept the most 
serious Let 's Go Bowling fans, wi ll 
find anything new here. Their live 
performances are so good that their 
overall quality is virtually indistin-
guishable from the studio rccond-
ings on the band 's previous releas-
es. 

In short, do whatever it takes to 
get down to 'Canes on Saturday 
and go see the best band that third-
wave ska has to uffer. But first, a 
final wond of advice - if you buy 
one of their patches or pins to put 
on your nightjackel (like any good 
ska fan should do), be prepared to 
e)(plain that "LGB" is not an abbre-
viated acronym for the LGBTA. 

The UCSD Guardian HIATUS 17 

CONTACTS AND 
f\ltt SUNGLASSES 

* 
·wilh mail-in rebate a nd valid UC D I 

• Exam & fitting 
• (4) 6-packs B&L Disposables 
• Free pair of B&L sunglasses ($69 value) 

GORDON G. WONG, 0.0. 
LA JOLLA EYE 8l LASER SURGERY MEDICAL CENTER 
Downtown La Jolla , ] block south of Hard Rock Cafe 
7825 Fay Ave, Suite 140, La Tolla 459.6200 sunglas$es by BAUSCH & LOMB 

Also ask tor ollr Toric Lell" Spl'ci :t1 tOt p:tlil'lIl" \, ,1\li~Ill;lti"lll 

This is the opportunity of a life time to travel 
and make money. QJUJlify as a Daewoo Campus 
Advisor and get a FREE trip· to Korea. Then 
you'll be at the center of a unique marketing 
program that will launch Daewoo into the U.S 
market during 1998,** 

From the moment you arrive in Seoul, Korea 
this summer your days will be crammed full of 
exciting, new experiences. You'll see Daewoo prod-
ucts, visit Daewoo production facilities and enjoy 
Korean culture. The "DitIcover Daaooo" program 
is an experience you'll never forget. 

Then when you return to 
college as a Daewoo Campus 
Advisor,··· you'll have the oppor-
tunity to earn money and pureluue 
a new Daewoo car at a .. ubttantial dilcoullt. 

Help build a new car company by helping us 
market Daewoo cars during your spare time. 

• Cmop/do </dodo will be prooid«J 01 a t-. dolt. 
•• _ of IIIio _ ""'-" ...". w comply wtth ....".,... - ,...uw.-

••• &bjf<lw ~i1y tutd quoli{imtWn& 

DAEWOO 
Motor America 



18 HIATUS 

International Studies Abroadt(SOO) 580-8826 
Spain 

Ecuador 
France 

Mexico 
Chile 

Costa Rica 
http://www.studlesabroad.com 

,.,r 

':II 
'''~ 
,.,,! 

"1'::: 

I ~ NODeI 

The UCSD Guardian 

BULWORTH: 
Film examines 
honesty in politics 
Continued from pale 13 
and Paul Sorvino. Under Beally's 
creati ve guidance, the film 
ancmpts to satirizc the American 
political system along with issues 
of class and rat:e. 

Surprisingly enough , "Bul-
worth" is very effective in what it 
sets out 10 at:colTlp li sh. This t:un-
troversia l, dark comedy hit s home 

MINEO: 
Inspired by World 's 
Fair creation 
Continued from page 15 
ultra-rare, uriginal prc~~i n g of thi s 
alhum wou Id sugges l a hiased 
rev iew. However, thi s re- issuc of 
Atillio Mincn's Mall ;rl Space Wilh 
SO/Illt/,\' wi ll appeal to anyo ne who 

ha~ ~uccumbcd to the recenl Ma rtin 
Dl: nn y, E~4uive l and ot her 
loul1gccorc revivals, 

as it is ab le to make the audience 
laugh at racial and politicaltopies. 
The politics-as- usual behavior is 
represented well by Bulworth 's 
uptight , political aide, Murph y 
(Plan). As the senator continues 
his unorthodox and insane cam-
paign , Murphy cons tantly urges 
him to return to a more main-
stream form of po litics. Iro ni cally, 
as soon as Ihe senator's new polit -
it:al outl ook gains t:ri li cal acclaim 
from t he public, Murphy changes 
his tune and even tries to takc 
credit for Bul worth 's new po litical 

The Buhhlcator. a 1962 Seattle 
World '!> Fair ride which lOok pas-
~cnge rs on a futuri stic voyage inlo 
~pace, inspired th is narrated ~ound­
trac k. The Illusic fall s somewhere 
hetween loungey, outer-s pace 
~I ringlhi g hand arrangements (like 
those on Russ Garcia 's Fall la.I·lim) . 
,InU the co ld , theremin drent: hcd 
,cion amhiance of the "Forh idden 
Planet" soundlrack. 

The vocal introducti ons beforc 
eat:h trac k provide an inte re,ti ng 
per,pectivc on Ihe mindset or Ihe 

Thursday, May 28, 1998 

approach. 
. Audient:es across the nalion are 

in 'for a treat as they watch a hi gh-
class senator come down from his 
pedestal and fall back to eanh. 
Despite the rilm's dark nature, the 
notion of an honest, straig ht-for-
ward politician is refreshing in 
today 's society. 

"Bulworth" is a smart , consci -
entious IiIm that makes a statement 
about li fe in the United Statcs. Sur-
pri singly, this film is from the same 
man that brought audiences "Dick 
Tracy." Go ligure. 

average fo lk in 1962, with regards 
10 space travel. life on other plan -
ets and pro mi ses of a hell er 
future. 

Some tracks are awfull y adven-
turous for their time, such as "Mile-
a- Minute Monorail ," wh ic h is 
choc k full of jarr ing, ahrasive 
strings, This rei ssued class ic also 
includes the entire alhum sans nar-
ration, for those ru shing to the 
galactic noises. All , pat:e Gldets 
ahoard .. .. 

- David Applegate 

est n iSwhat . you love. 
u'ork for the Guardian. learn more. get paid. 
------ call .i'14-6581. (J.'·;k for nick. ------

UCSD Theatre and Dance .. . A ~ h.:'p dht:"ad! 

-AMES 1 03A: June 29-July 31 
-CSE 20: June 29-July 31 
-CSE 190: June 29-Sept 4 
-ECON 2A: Aug 3-Sept 4 

COURSE MOVED: 
PSYCH 176 Moved from Second Session 

to First Session: June 29-Sept 4 
ENROLL USING TeSS or WebReg 

For more information on Summer Session courses, 
please call (,619) 534-4364 or visit our web site: 

http://orpheus.ucsd.edu/summer 
o 

SUMMER SESSION IS OPEN TO THE PUBLIC 

Why Drive? 
When you can take 

The Unk 
Son Diego's new shuttle company prOViding service to 
the hottest night spots, shopping & the beaches. 

Don't hassle with parking t$ Door-to-Door Service 
Don't drink & drive ... IHIN. UNII 

For rates and reservations call: \.-
--J 232·4199uCENSET<P11643 

Thursday, May 28, 1998 The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 19 

FLY: 
Kevin explores the ultimate 
in summer relaxation sport 
Continued frORl page 24 
have no bait, no lure, but a man-made fly, usu-
ally constructed by wrapping stri ng and feath-
ers around a small hook. Some havc great 
namcs like the Royal Coachman or Woolly 
Bugger, whi Ie others are classified by scien-
tifi c species, There are all types of sizes, 
shapes and l:olors, as the fisherman must 
"match the hatch" and cast with a fly similar 
to the li ve flies the fi sh are feeding on. 

So the fi sherman must interact with his 
surroundings, study the rol:ks and the trees 
and the water to see what is fl ying around. 
There are different hatches at different timcs 
of day and at different times of year. 

The fisherman must cast the fly gently and 
wilh technique; muscle power has little bear-
ing. The fly needs to appear as if it si mply fell 
out of the sky rather than look tethered to a 
string and whipped onto the waler. 

The object is to cast to spots where fish 
may lie, typically in riffles behind rocks or at 
the baek end of bends in the river. A fisher-

MEN: 
The Tritons captured 
second place at National s 
Continued from page 22 
was pent stud ying th an swi mming. Bruner 
still managed to qualify for Nationals aga in, 
claiming a respct:tahle 16th-p lace lini,h in the 
individudlllledicy and a 15th pl ace in t h ~ 200-
yard hreastst roke, 

RUl h was a Icam captain this . cason and is 
a tough competitor. A hera lded recruit for 
UCS D. he struggled in his l i r~t t wo year~ and 
lOok a yea r oil. Last year he retu rne I and 
showed the promise Ihat had been eluding 
him since hefore hi s freshman campaign. He 

B. 

c. 

u. 

f,. 

man must try to see from a fish's perspective, 
Of course thcre are countless other vari-

ables in fl y fi shing. Time of day, clari ty of 
water, heavy fi shing acti vity, weather and 
time of year all play important factors in what 
a fish will bite at. Casting tcch nique and the 
abi lity to read thc fly in the water and set the 
hook when a fish bites arc crucial skill s. 
Sometimes a fi sherman must know not to 
match the surround ing nics but to fi sh a di 1'-
ferent pattern, such as a nymph, emerger or 
attractor as the water di ctates. Experience 
becomes instinct and appreciation of the sport 
grows with age. 

I have learned that the object of fly fi shing 
is not catching fish . I li sh with barbless, 
removable hooks and release all fi sh moments 
after catching them, Havi ng a fi sh on-line and 
playing it into shore is a thrill, but that is not 
what the experience is about for me. 

Rather, it is an experience one leams with. 
Wading in crystal mountain slreams and 
studying and interacting with countless 
aspects of one 's env ironment is at the heart of 
fl y fi shing. And as in any sport, somewhere in 
the active process, you have the chance lo 
lea rn something previously undiscovered 
about yourself. 

returned this year as a fifth-year seni or. 
Ruth scored in Ihrec events at Nati onals 

including a 12th place in the 200 breaststroke 
and a scventh place in the individual medley. 
Ruth is a former UCSD record-holder in the 
1M. now third on the all -lime li st. 

McAteer, a captain th is y~a r ror the s~(;() nd 
tim~. i, truly a "rags-to-riches" ' tory. He 
walked on a~ an unrec ru ili.:d fr(;s hlll an and i, 
Icavi ng a mult iple All -A merican , 

He anchored the Ih ird place re lay tl.!alll . 
which sparked UCSD\ ill(: r~dihle comeback 
at 'ationa ls and IVa, the second leg in Ihe 
400-yard rree rc lay that ca pped Ihl.! triumph. 
In hctween. he also scorl.!d a hu ge 'econd 
place in the 1650-yard di stance race. placing 
him in the lOp fi ve all -time at UCSD. 

Sa~ niagO Native [LeW {JLL li- \ YCi-l1 
L-

u c 5 D G I A N 
r -------

-------------. I I KIVA:Grill I FREE I 
: 8970 University Center Lane Concert Tickets I 
I across from the Hyatt Regency I 

(I 5 & La J II V·II Drawin2; Every Friday I I - 0 a I age Dr.) du, .. !,HappyHoU,. Mu .. bc ...... nllowin I 
: ,. .. MrnDB.m ... 5.5.8.-8 .. 6.0.0 ................ ~,m.~~im~m~ ••• o.(.Bi~U.Si.lw.P.~ .. na .. ..r I 
I Happy H 49¢ Valid : lour Monday - Friday I 
I Bud Draft Ppm I 
I Monday-Friday 4-7 Umi.ol1<p"'p"rtonp",vj.i. I 
I Up to 1/2 off bar menu no •. vat~-:~ •• I.>;.o! .. ofr.' I 
1'------=----_ ________ -1 flIpi' •• Jun. 11 . 1998 I 

------------------------------f------Oio----------~i~-~--~·1 
: PURCHASE :. 
I Not valid with any other discount or promotion , Exp, 7/1/98 . UI:?I3A~: 

"Best Running/Walking Store in Town" I 
: Renaissance Towne Centre I 
I 8915 Towne Centre Dr. (Off La Jolla Village Dr.) 450-3662 AniHTI : 
I NIKE • ASICS • BROOKS • NEW BAlANCE' and much more I 

------------------------------

...... ....... ... " ........................... " ...................... ...... ..... .. .... ....................... . 

• • 

: $1.000FF: 
ANY : 
e.l).~ 

KILLER SHRIMP BURRnos. 
COMBO : 

AWESOME FISH TACOS. 
That's right ... 

any combination! 

1~ LA JOLLA 0 ~~ : VILLAGE SQUARE· -~ ;' 
:. , b ~ 
1 Nobel Dnve off Highway 5 • II ThIS coupeI'! 9l)O(:t fOr tip to 2o,""ef'!>. 
: ~ 270-FINS (~! Off""p,,,,. 6114/9/l, \\01"'''~JoII. l ~ ~ FINSorlly. Notv8tdforOnciUm Combo 
: .......... .. ....... ........................ ......... ......................... ........ ...... ........................... . 

• 

• Full lunch menu. Serving Beer & Wine • 
• Champagne- 7Sc per glass, 53 .00 per bottle. I 

$20FFI : 
on any Breakfast or Lunch Entri. : (per p.,.onl 

Nol valid wilh olher coupons/specials . limit 4 pe,sons per I 
coupon, SS minimum enlr" pu,chase. ptease p,esenl coupon I 

whon ord~ring , lOll. Senio, Discounts. 
Children's Menu Available . lapi,., '"1''' I 

1851 GARNET AVE.-270-YOLK: 
. It" 5 I 

-------------_____ 1 

~----------------------------~ : Want to be part of : 
I ' I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 

: ~114iPJff(1}MMt@1J(tj/J)([})1J[)$ fUJJ([j)1f/kf : 
: Call 534-3466 today: 

~----------------------------~ 



20 CLASSIFIEDS The UCSD Guardian 

EVE N T S 
International & UCSD Students, English 
Language Programll I-House SemI-
Formal BoatIDance/Dinner Cruise. "A 
Farewell Cruise" Fri. May 29th. Call 558-
8130. (5121-28) 

CLASSIFIEDS 
Classified Line 

Ad Rates 
Students: $2 '* 20 worda 

F.culty .. SISti: $3 '* 20 word. 
All others: 54 '* 20 word. 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
RII •• up to $500 01' more In one week. 
Funcireiling opportunltlet Ivllilble. 
Nofln8l1C'" obIlption. Greltforclubl, 
orglnlzetlon., Ind motlvlted 
students_ For more Information call 
(888) 51-A-PLUS ext. 51. (2112-614) 

The UCSD Guardian reserves the right to classify , edit, delete oHensive words and 
phrases, and/or refuse any and all advertisements without pnornotification. The Advertiser 
will not hold the Guardian liable for any claims resulting from the publication of the 
advertisement. The publisher will also not be held accountable for any claim from an 
agreement made between the advertiser and the consumer. 

Advance payment is required. 

Classified Display 
Ad Rates 

Copy should be reviewed by the advertiser for errors. In order to be corrected in the next 
regular Issue, all errors must ba reponed by the corresponding deadline. Credit will only 
be given for the incorrect portion of Ihe advertisement. There are no relunds lor cancellations. 
Pi .... Mnll .11 corre.pondenc. reg.rlling CI ... IlIed. to: 

$9.00 per cotumn Inch 
Deadline.: 

Pubtlcltion Ootl Display Ada Une Ads 
MonCllly 
Thursday 

Noon Thurs. 3 pm Thurl. 

l:i IIiW!1: I :r.':m 
UCSD Gu.rlll.n, Attn: CI ••• ltI.II •• 9500 Gilman Drive 10316, La Joll., CA 920113. 
Actu.1 loe.tlon: Student C.nt.r A, Room 217. Noon Mon. 3 pm Mon. 

*AOUND TRIP COURIER FARES. 
$285 .... lco $t 50 Hong Kong $389 

C,*" $360 Sydney 5520 8engkoII $370 
-40·80% OFF ALL FARES. 
AIR COURtER INTERNATIONAL 

'·800·298·1230 24 hr 

Sweet tooth calting? Get your See'scandy 
at Marshall Dean's Office. Help out the 
TMC Scholarship Fund. (5126-614) 

EMPLOYMENT 
ComputerSupportTechnlcl .. needed 
for the UCSD GUlrdlan stlrtlng Fill 
1998. Requires managing several 
Macintosh and Windows computers, with 
occasional Network troubleshooting. 
$10.78thour; very flexible hours. Please 
call (619) 534-3466 for more information. 
(5128-614) 
The GURADIAN needs an on-lIne editor 
for the '98-'99 school ye.,. If you are 
qualified in the art of web page design 
and layout, please call Walt at 534~581 
(leave a messa if no answer). (5128-614) 

$ 1500 weekly ,potential mailing our 
circulars. No Experience Required. Free 
Information packet. Call 410-783-8279. 
(2126-6/4) 
FEMALE HAIR MODELS. Shampoo 
company needs (40) female models 
monthly (especially Asians) for their 
upcoming April & May hai~ showsl No 
experience necessaryl All ages & heights 
ok! For more information & other modeling 
opportunities call (anytime) 1-(800)-959-
9301 . (4/20-614) 

learn Bartending 

619-296-0600 
Clerical Assistant needed ASAP. PIT. 
15+ hrs, FIT. 20+ hrs. Must work over 
summer too. Call 456-0009. (4/30-611) 
EASY WORK IN YOUR SPARE TIME! 
Mailing envelopes for out company. You 
can eam $I,OOO's weeklyl Just send a 
self-addressed, stamped envelope for 
information to: Work at Home, 8070 La 
Jolla Shores Drive, Suite #242, La Jolla, 
CA, 92037 (5111-6/1) 
MUSIKER TOURS AND SUMMER 
DISCOVERY SUMMER 

PT. LOMA 
TAM t LESS } 16S. Midwoy Drive 
.. ~ t"R~n 22~9121 

~Nlght Owls 
Do you bave a serious problem getting to sleep at 

night and waking up In tbe momlng1 

Wlsb you could start your day earller1 

Synchrony Applied Health Sciences and UCSD are 
recruiting people 18-39 years old for 

paid participation in a non-drug IIgbt treatment 
researcb study, 

If interested. please call 452-7861 

J"Gb "pc:n.in.~ 
Sc:niG~ M~~Mtin.~ CI~~k 
Univ~l"sity C~nt~l"s M21"Mting t)~p2I"trn~nt 

$8.75 per hour 
15 - 19 hours per week beginning 8/31/98 through 6/99 

Job deecrlptlon: Coordinator of the Price Center Theatre Films, Bull's Eye 
and Espreeeo Roma performance • . Duties include ordering and purchasing 
films, booking performers, coordinating V"e production and dletrlbutlon of 
publicity and event staH coverage. Coordinates College Bowl competition In 
Winter Quarter. Maintains relation. with RA's and Student Activity 
Coordinators 01 each COllege. 
QuaUficatlon. : Prior on-campus event coordination experience 
required. Ability to follow through, maat deadlines and coordinate 3 
student staff. Knowtedge of desktop publishing and word processing 
programs such as Quark, Adobe Illustrator, Photoshop, Microsoft Word 
.nd Excel. 
To ApplV: Send a cover letter and re.ume to: University Centers 
Marketing Dapt_, Attn: Marketing Coordinator, Mail code 0076. Or drop 
Off at Room 2.323 on tha 2nd 'evel In the Prlca Cantar. 

OPPORTUNITIES. Counselors needed 
for our student travel programs andlor 
our pre-college enrichment programs. 
Applicants must be 21 years old by June 
20, 1998. We need: mature, hardworking, 
energetic individuals who can dedicate 
4·7 weeks this summer working with 
teenagers. To receive an application orto 
find out more information : Call 
(888)8SUMMER or E-mail 
jen@summerfun.com (5/11-6/4) 
SoHware developer-outstanding long 
term opportunity with growing profitable 
San Diego medical imaging company. 
Respond to mreicher@worldnet.att.net 
(5/14-6/1 ) 
SUMMER PAINTING POSITIONS. 
UCSD Housing Maintenance is hiring 
student painters for the summer to assist 
with prep .. painting and drywall repairs. 
Begin 6115198. Mon-Fri., 7:30am-4:00pm. 
$6.87/hour. Pick up application from 
Laurie at 310 UCtr. (5/14-28) 

INTERVIEWERS $1/11R 
Join the interesting wood of marketing 

reselrch, conducting telephone 
surveys and opinion polls . 

WE TRAil 110 SALES 
25 wpm TYPING (we test) 

PM shifts - 7 days a week - FT or PT 
Apply '" ~ Mon rue Wed 

pels on 9am 4pm ;--=iR '!I 1#1 "II -
DIRECTIONS IN RESEARCH' 

8593 Aero Drive 

LOVE ALTERNATIVE / ROCK/ 
ELECTRONIC MUS IC? Earn $$$ 
promoting bands when they have a tour 
date in your area . No experience 
necessary! Call 310/551-1451 . (5/21-61 
4) 
Still looking for thai perfect outside job in 
the beautiful Sierras? Jameson Ranch 
Camp seeks counselors who can be 
positive role models and teach programs 

like waterfront, horses, theater, cralts" 
Etc. At private, self sullicient children's 
camp. Rm, Bd. Plus $2200/Summer. Call 
800 -696-9062 for application . Email 
thejamesons@jamesonranchcamp.com 
or visit us at 
www.jamesonranchcamp.com (5121-28) 
BABYSITTER part-time for 1 Ol7yearolds. 
Must enjoy children/be active. Needed 
Friday nights. $7/hour. Own 
transportation . 481-5391 . (5/2 1-6/1) 

Fineen 
Seconds. 

ThaI's all it takes to change your 
life forever. Make a simple phone call 
to learn more about a tremendous 
ground-lioor business opportunity, 

With Excel Communications, 
you have the opportunity to earn 
immediate cash and long term, 
residual income. II's a simple plan 
that lets you earn money by gathering 
long distance customers and 
recruiting others to do the same. 

We oller customers great long 
distance services with competitive 
rates and tremendous discounts. We 
offer you a percentage of their 
monthly long distance bills. 

To learn more about becom ing 
an Independent Representative with 
Excel Communications, call today. 

1-541-385-1938 
(Automated Information Line) 

'1oI0II.,..IIIIO •• 1 ... ,. •••• "TI/lTIV. 

-~ ..... -·G -~. -- ~ ~ ... ~-­T IEI .• I! C O •• UNICAT I DJoI. 
Help me and I will help you. Active couple 
seeking long-term live in help. Includes 
helping with kids and light housekeeping. 
Two blocks Irom campus. Includes room 
and board and pay. Call Gee Gee at 452-
8053. (5/21 -6/1) 
TECHNICAL SUPPORT:-Mat h , 

Student Job Opening 
Webmaster 

for UCSD Bookstore 
$10.94Ihr. ,; Job #914~155 

Full time during the summer thru 6/99 
(17-19 hrs week from Sept-June) 

Strong HTML, Macintosh, UNIX required. Applicant should be 
fun , conscientious, professional , respon ible, team player, hard-working, 
competent, organ ized. creative. 

To apply - first read the posted job descripti on . Then call Meredyth 
534·4644 or submit resume with cover letter, describing why you 
would be the perfect person for the position, to UCSD B ookstore, 
MailCode 0008 or drop off o n third fl oor o f B ook stor e. 

STORAGE USA 
STUDENT SPECIAL 

Need Space? We're the Place! 
ACCESS DAILY 6 AM TO 10 PM 

8038 Arjons Drive • 

• 

8192 Miramar/ Cabot 
(619)549-0500 

Thursday. May 28,1998 

science, or computer majors-Busy 
Encinitas company needs enthusiastic 
person with excellent communication 
!ikills, anention to detail, and extensive 
WindowsIDOS experience. Help sening 
up custom software, answering questions, 
and solving software problems. 15-25 
HOURSiWEEKS@ $9.SO/HOUR. CALL 
1-800-776-6651 . (5/21-28) 
Assistant Bookkeeper wanted in a busy 
office. Knowledge of Excel and 
Quickbooks preferred. Fax resume 10 
Melissa @ 459-1127. (5I21~4) 

Yoh Scientilic needs: 
-Chemists 

-Biochemi sts 
-Microbiologists 

-Molecular Biologists 
-Research A ssociates 

-LabTechn iciansl Assistants 
-Chemical Engineers 
Fax (619)622·9048 

Phone (619)622·9005 

l*I1!bc 
A rapidly growing T ranslationiPublishing 
company is looking for a full-time creative 
individual with strong computer and 
organizational skills for Desktop 
Publishing and Office Management. 
Please call us at 563-8060 or e-mail your 
resume to employment@sputnik1s.com 
(5/26-6/4) 
Summer Work. Inside Sales. Part-time 
hours. Professional fun environment. NO 
NIGHTS. NO WEEKENDS. $8.57thr. 450-
0850. (5/26-614) 
18-22 Hr/ Average. Incoming sales calls 
only. Other openings. No expo required. 
Inlerview Tues 5/26 3pm 2515 Camino 
del Rio South #120San Diego, CA. 921 DB. 
(619)295-5752. (5126-6/4) 

www.4CRS.com 
Get a job 
Free service to 

College students 
Garden Help. Summer. Part-time. $8.00/ 
hr. 1 or 2 days a week. Leave name and 
~Iephone #, 645-8682. (5126-611) 
Restaurant La Jolla Shores, PTIFT 
cashier, counter help, no experience 
necessary, we train , start now or after 
linals, leave message,Kevin 273-8623. 
(5/26·614) 
Secretary/Receptionist. PT/FT. Exciting 
art company. Seeks hard worker, positive 
aHitude, computer literate. Type 45+wpm. 
$8+/hr. Call Alanat(61 9) 558-66 15 #134 . 

(5/26 -6/~ 
Asian Model Search. Females for 
calendar + magazine production earn 
extra income, no exp OK. Call now 619-
688-8470. (5/28) 

www.4CRS.com 
Win a free computer 

Free service to 
College students 

Summer camp jobs! Roughing It Day 
Camp- traditional outdoors children's 
camp in SF East Bay. Hiring full season: 
Group Counselors; Instructors: 
Horsebackride/ waterfronV swim! sports! 
crafts! rockclimb/ Ml.bike. RefS/Exper. 
510·283-3795. E-mail Roughit @aoLcom 
(5/28) 
Experienced HTML programmer and/or 
markeling assistant lor top Web agency 
in La Jolla. Part-time. 619-456-4720. http:/ 
Iwww.sitelab:com (5/28-6/4) 
Assist ret ired college prolessor to 
organ ize new office and help in 
preparation of manuscript. 558-8846 (51 
28) 

PfT lOBS & 
SUMMER JOBSI 

3 P{f job opIIIII\gI6 7......., jDbI. 
S10 to IIaII, III*t training. 6111x. '-t, 

Jobs filled on a lim come, 1ItII __ tlmls 
Call 619-587-2829 

Bookkeeping assistance wanted to pay 
bills, track linances, record entries; must 
be lamiliar with Quicken. 558-8846 (51 
28) 
Student to help retired Professorto move 
books and research to new oHice. 558-
8846 (5/28) 

Thursday, May 28, 1998 

EMPLOYMENT 

Research 
Secretary 
GENSEl, a rapidly growing 
international genomics 
company with offices in La 
Jolla , seeks outstanding 
Research Secretary to assist 
senior R&D management. 
Three years experience in 
medical research or biotech 
preferred . Must have 
excellent organization, 
communication and 
administrative skills . 
Flex ible , ability to work in a 
fast-paced environment. 
Associates Degree or better 
required. 

Please mail resumes 
with cover letter to : 

HR Dept. 
GENSET 

875 Prospect St. #206 
La Jolla, CA 92037 or 
Fax to (619)551·3001. 

NO PHONE CALLS PLEASE. 

ROOMMATES 
Beautiful Mira Mesa Apt., seeking friendly 
cool roommate, 10min.lromUCSD. Near 
lots of restaurants + stores. Available 
ASAP or starting 6/1/98. $404.50 lor own 
room: Lily @ 578-7032. (4/13-5128) 
Female roommate needed for 4 bedroom 
UTC townhome. Own room, share bath, 
wId, pool . $295 + 1/4 utilities. Call 455-
6246. (5/14-28) 
Female roommate wanted. 1 single room 
available mid-June thru Sept. 15 in UTC 
townhouse. $400/month + 1/4 utilities. 
Includes pool, parking, washer & dryer. 
Close to bus, grocery, etc. Call 453-8513 
(5/18-28) 
Roommate wanted to share 3 Bedroom! 
1.5 Bath town home with two other 
females. Female preferred, male okay. 
Must be responsible and a non-smoker. 5 
minutes from campus, $4SO/month,I/3 
utilities. Call 638-8151 for more info and 
ask for Kat !Felicia. (5/26-28) 
Female wanted. Rent OWN room $3101 
month. Garage, washer/dryer, pool. 
Deposit plus 1/4 utililies. Available 6/15. 
622-0998. (5126-28) 
Room for Rent. Months of June, July, 
August. Large master bedroom with full 
bath in Mira Mesa. Call Nicole 638-7837. 
(5/26-6/4) 
Single room available for summer. Master 
bedroom, fumished. Near UTC. $3751 
month + 1/4 utilities. Call Bonnie 638-
1879. Female preferred. (5126-611) 
Two Rooms. UTC. Clean, cool, computer 
engineering Jr. shares. Parklike, large 
patio, pool. Males only. Call Brad (619) 
638-0331 . (5126-6/4) 
Summer roommate. Huge condo own 
room + 1/2 utilities . Washer/dryer 
included. 6115-8/31 at La Regencia. Call 
Sean (619) 487-4740. $535.00 (5/26-28) 

Female roommate wanted-available lor 
Summer. Near campus. NS. $3501month 
+ 1/4 utilities. Call Sheri 455-0902. (5128) 

FOR RENT 
Ocean Front Complex, 2 bedroom 2.5 
bath condo, cathedral ceilings, skylights, 
pools, tennis, quiet, available Sept.-June, 
Solana Beach,$I300-$14001month.481-
2205 (5111-6/4) 
Two rooms available 9/1 in Mira Mesa 
Town House $263.SO/mo. Near stores, 
community pool , 15 min from UCSD 
Megan 547·9093. (5/14·28) 
For Rent Creme Puff 5 Bedroom House 
in University City. Needs Responsible 
Occupants. Available June 15. (619) 578-
4257. (5/21-6/4) 
FOR RENT- Playmor 3 Bedroom! 1.5 
bath Townhouse. New Carpet , Large 
patio, Comer location. Easy access to 
UCSD. Quiet. AvailableJuly 1. 578-4257. 
(5121-614) 
FOR RENT-One, Two, orThree Bedroom 
Townhomes. Near UCSD/UTC/Bus. 
Clean Large Rooms. Available Summer 
or Fall . (619) 578-4257. (5/21 -6/4) 
Looking for 1 or 2 apartmentmates lor a 
furnished , 1 bedroom in a 2 bedroom!2 
bath apartment. Near UCSD/Bus Stop/ 
shopping centers. June 16- September. 
$290/2 people or $560/1 pllfson. Orlena! 
Sheening @ 452-7225/677-0224. (5/21-
~ 
Single room in a condo lor rent in Summer. 
Five minutes to UCSD. Clean, quiet and 
friendly roommates. $375/mo. Call (619) 
638-1923. (5121-6/4) 
Summer room lor rent in Clairemont 
town home. PayJune,July, August and 1/ 
2 September. $300/mo + 1/4 utilities. 
Friendly , non-smoking, no pets. Jen 558-
1979. (5121-28) 
FOR RENT: Mission Beach, taking 
applications for 9 month school year (98-
99). Ocean front walk, 2 br. 2ba., 
furnished, no pets, responsible students, 
no parties. 488-1395. (5/26-614) 
Female wanted. Rent OWN room $3101 
month . Garage, washer/dryer, pool. 
Deposit plus 1/4 utilities. Available 6115. 
622-0998. (5/26-28) 
Single room, private bath. $385/month + 
1/3 utilities. Female. Walk to UCSD and 
shopping. Available 6/15forsummer and/ 
or year. Call 638-0143. (5126-28) 
Big room for rentl Summer only! 1 br.ll 
ba. 2 minutes from UCSD, pool/park, 
storage $450/month. Call Vanessa 657-
9227. (5/26-6/4) 
Female needed to share room in 4 
bedroom! 2 bath house in University City. 
$258/month + 1/6 utilities. Available 6/13. 
Call Lili at 622-9617. (5126-28) 
La Jolla $495-$600. Furnished bedrooms 
with phone line, cable/pvt. ent., kit. prevs., 
utilities included. No smoking or pets, 
(619) 459-6322. (5/26-6/4) 
Summer Renlai. Huge condo at La 
Regencia. Washer/dryer included. 6115-
8/31 . Sean 4874740. $1065.00 (5126-28) 
La Jolla furnished master bedroom in 2 
bedroom!2 bathroom apartment available 
for summer only. $525. Call Trenor 678-
0553. (5126-614) 
2 bedroom apartment for rent summer 
only . $575/ month. $200.00 relundable 
deposit, Telephone # 558-4648, (5/28-6/1) 
OWN YOUR OWN HOME, save rent $. 
Condos $100,000+, Homes $200,000+. 

UCSn 

The UCSD Guardian 

Special savings UCSD staff/students. 
Area expert, 20 years experience. REI 
MAX COASTAL Judith Haddox. 274-
4477. (5128) 
Female wanted to rent single room in 
beautilul 5 bedroom house in downtown 
La. Jolla. $380/mo. Available 6120- Sept. 
Call 551 -7610. (5128-614) 
ROOM/BOARD: La Jolla. Kilchen , 
laundry privileges, pool, breakfasVdinner 
incL Female Prelerred. $500Carolyn 534-
1794(work)/55 1-9338(home). (5128) 

FOR SALE 
Surfboard, 6' Fineline. Good condition w/ 
wax and leash. $1100.b.o. Matthew 296· 
8683. (5/18-28) 
For Sale : 7'2", 203/4 x 2 3/4. Surfboard 
shaperCari Hayward. Ideal lor beginners! 
intermediate. 6 months old. Excellent 
condition. Bought lor $385, sell for $245. 
Call Ben (619) 587-9147 or call Raj 
(619)587-9194. (5118-28) 
Sailboat: Aleulka 25. Heavy weather 
ollshore pockel cruiser. Stove, lots of 
storage, sleeps 2. Cheap liveabcard rent. 
$1600 OBO. 453-1955. (5/21-6/4) 
Surfboards: 7'4"x18x2 3/8 Blue Hawaii 
pintail gun $120. 6'10"xI8.5"x2.5' G&S 
squashtail single fin $80. 5'6"x 22"x3" fish 
$60. All good condition. 453-1955. (5121-28) 
For sale. Bed/$150, desk!$50, desk chair/ 
$25, couch with fold out bed/$200, Dark 
wood enlertainment case/$1 00. Call 535-
0355. (5/26-614) 
Cheap furniture, good condition. Bed with 
Irame $50, TV stand $10, 3'x1.5· Fridge 
$45. O.B.O. Must go! 622-0998. (5/26-
28) ________ _ 
Contemporary futon/couch- deep black -
lor sale . Was $450 . now $150/ O.B.O. 
Call at 652 -5 143. (5/26-28) 
For Sale: 1989 Plymouth Colt - 2 door, 
hatchback. 83K mileage, silver, recent 
tune-up, runs great. $1,000. Call 450-
9002. (5126-611 ) 
93 Honda 80cc scooter for sale. Low 
miles. Minor engine problem but in great 
condition. $600 O.B.O. Call 824·0570. 
(5/26-28) 
Preowned Macintosh Computers: Mac-
II , Centris , Quadra, PowerBook, 
DuoDock. Big harddrives, big RAM, color 
monitors, software, good condition . $250-
$1 ,250.260-1956. (5/28-6/4) 

VV ANT E D 

EGG DONORS 
WANTED 

If you are a healthy female 
between the ages of 19 and 30 

and have health insurance . 
Compensation $3,100. 

Call Mirna Navas at 

(310) 829-8782 
for more info. 

WE'RE LOOKING FOR A FEW GOOD ' 
SPERM. All races needed, Donors must 
be 20-38 years. Compensation $50 per 
acceptable donation. Call OPTIONS (800) 
886-9373. (212-6/4) 
Jewish American subjects re imbursed 
lor interview. If you are a UCSD student, 
21-25, call 552-8585 x4185 for more 

FIN 
RM'If tel 
....... 

Planning your fan schedule but don't see what you want? UCSD 
Summer Session will be offering over 200 courses in two five-week 
sessions: June 29.July 31 and August 3-Sept. 4. To receive the Sum-
mer Session Catalog, mail this coupon to tb~ address below. 

Can 
.. 
DIlls 
..... 

SIems 
s.rn..da 
Aato.,..r 

SIIII 

Name ________________________________________________ _ 

Address--------------------------------------------
City. State Zip ______________ __ 
Mail to: University of California, San Diego OPEN TO THE 
Summer Session Dept. 0179 PUBU[ 
9500 Gilman Dr., La Jolla Ca 92093-0179 

Browse the Summer Senion catalog on the World Wide Web Site: 
Irttp:!!orpheus. ucsdedulsummer 

University of California, San Diego 

J. 
CcIaIpeten 
........ 

....... < 
0' .. F.1I1 

We ........ '" 
... ..... 

CItItIr ... 
.... a.n.I 

information.(1 /12-6I4 ) 

Loving couple seeks : reative, 
intelligent, warm and attractive 
JEWISH EGG DONOR 
20-3010 help us crealp our family. 

Please call us at 310-828-5788 
.highest compensation. 

EGG DONORS NEEDEDI Have you 
considered helping an infertile couple's 
dream come Irue? If you're 21 ·30 years 
and willing to help, please call OPTIONS 
at (800) 886-9373. All races needed. 
Compensltion $3,500. (3/30-6/4) 
Jewish American subjects reimbursed 
lor interview. If you are a UCSD student, 
21 -25, call 552-8585 x4185 lor more 
iniormation. (3/30-614) 
Males and females paid $30.00 for 
interview. If you are of Japanese, Korean, 
or Chinese descent call VA, 552-8585 
x2182. (3/30·6/4) 

~~~~~~ 
~WOMENWHO ~ 
~ AREPROUD ~ 
~ of their heritage, you ~ 
; may be eligible to be an ~ ~ egg donor if you are ; 

~ 21-28 years , healthy, ~ 
~ responsible. ~ 
~ Call Slephanie , FFC ~ 
~ 619-581-1820 ~ 
~ GENEROUS ~ 
~ COMPENSATION ~ 
~ Asian donors ne,d,d ~ 

~~~~~~ 
Cheeper Peepers! Eye exam and 
complete pair 01 glasses- only 499. 10 
minutes Irom UCSD. Dr. SelbyO.D. 578-
6796. (5/18-6/4) 
CONT ACTS- Exam, Fitting, Follow-Up, 
One pair DW sollcontacts-onty $89 . Ask 
about our incredible colored lens o,ter. 
Dr. S!!lby 0 .. 578·6796. (5/18·6/4) 
Asian Model Search . Females for 
calendar + magazine production earn 
extra income, no exp OK. Call now 619-
~8·8470. (5/28) 
Meet travelers from all over the world! 
Volunteers needed at downtown San 
Die,9o youth hostel to coordinate 
programs such as walking tours, outings 
to local events, educational or cultural 
lalks. Flexible schedule, variety 01 

CLASSIFTEDS 21 

opportunitiesavaHabie. Call Karaat (619) 
236-0828. (5128-611) 

SERVICES 
Passport photos, $5.95. Color Laser 
Copies, 69 cents. Copies, B&W, 3.5cents. 
Cal Cop, 452-9949 (wilD) . (412~4) 
Typing Service. 10 pages $25. 15 pages 
$30. Pick ups M,W,F; Will type in your 
oHice! Leave message at 310-581·9061. 

(4/16~4) 

Cheeper Peepers! Eye exam and 
complete pair of glasses only $99. Ten 
minutes Irom UCSD. Dr. Selby O.D. 578-
6796. (5/11-614) 
CONT ACTS- Exam, fining, follow-up, one 
pair DW Softcontacts - only $89. Ask 
about our incredible colored lens offer. 
Dr. Selby O.D. 578-6796. (5111~4) 

LOST & FOUND 
Lost: Silver men's ring wlblack engraving. 
Lost on 514 near library Walk! Center 
Halt. Reward offerred. Please cail 558-
2393. (sn~4) 
Found: Set 01 3X5 index cards found in 
BE231 C (Warren Lecture Hall 2207) on 
April 30th. Come to EBUI, R"JOm4109 to 
pick up. (5111-614) 
Lost: a small silver & gold watch (Guess 
brand).l'mdesperlli'l:1 Have you seen it? 
Call Jessica 534 ·5;1.16. (5/14~4) 
Black Eddie Bau0r backpack taken Irom 
1M Sports Ottice in RIMAC on 5/21. 
PLEASE retlA'n items 01 no money value 
or call Doga a, 560-6778 with any info. No 
questions asked. (5I28~4) 

PERSONALS 
Happy Birthday Eml Wanna Ireak?!! -
Dave. Happy Birthday Emily and Dave, 
Have a good one. Dave, want a chair?! -
Narin (5128) 
Kenneth Starr now wants handwriting 
sampfes, fingerprints, voice recordings 
and kneepad fibers from Monica 
Lewinsky. (5128) 
Mutiny on the Western Athletic 
Conference! Sorry, Texans, Hawaii, 
Fresno State, et. al.-this party's only for 
the "in crowd." (5128) 
Can't wait to see Erik "Poncho Estrada 
performing in "Grease." Some talented 
musical Ihespian had to lill that Adrian 
Zmed void. (5/28) 

- One page resume professionally typeset. 
(Regularly $34 11.5) 

- Resume on disk for updating: 
• 25 Printed resumt$ on your choice of line quality resume paper 

with 25 matching envelopes. 
Offer Expires June 30, 1m. 

~ 111'1 \ ~~ II, ,I", Coste Verde Shopping Center / UTC 86SO G~'Ilcsec Ave .. Sle. 200 San Diegu. CA 92122 (619) 457-9500 
~~~~A~~~~ 
BUY • SE~",~RADE HIGHQM~E& 

HIP NEWER STYLES 
J~ ~glasses, silver jewelry, blow up 

furniture ... 
6903 La JollD Blvd 

(at Nautilus) 
551-iDS1 --



22 SPORTS 

---------------~ c 
FULL COLOR COPIES 

Bnng tht\ (oupon to lht hlko'~ hst!d bt(ow .00 rtwve 
69< ruUCoCot (op ... , 

kinko·s® 
8849 Villa La Jolla Dr., La Jolla, CA (619) 457·3775 

The UCSD Guardian 

MEN: 
It was a wonderful 
season for UCSD 
Continued from page 24 
the helm in La Jolla. 

For the four seniors on the team, 
it was a crowning achievement on 
careers that have seen their fair 
share of ups and down. 

O 'Conner, a four-year swimmer 
fur UCSD, had a rocky career, but 
alway persevered. O ' Conner 's 
spiri t can be seen in the team's 

WOMEN: 
The Tritons finished 
third at Nationals 
Continued from page 24 
the I DO-yard butterfly at N ationals 
th is year. She has been the lead ing 
point-scorer for UCSD the past two 
seasons and was voted a UCSD 
Athlete of the Year last year. 

While Caba llero led by exam-
ple, the other senior caplain, 
Hilaiel, led wi th her engaging per-
sonali ty and her respect for her fe l-
low team members. She was an 
inspiration and a friend to all. 

never-say -die attitude. An AII -
Ameri can hi s freshman year, he 
could never quite get back to hi s 
old form. This season, O 'Conner 
missed quali fying for N ationals by 
only a few tenths of a second, but 
that apparently did not put a 
damper on his year. 

" I ' ve had a grcUl senior season. 
I have no complaints .... O 'Conner 
said " It was reall y good . I ' m just 
goi ng to miss hanging wi th all the 
guys. The fri endships I made wi ll 
last forever." 

O'Conner wil l he allcnding law 

"Swimming is a sport you can' t 
do for many years unless you real -
ly li ke everyone around you." 
Hi laiel said. "The fr iendships [ 
made are the th ings that are impor-
tant. I' ll keep them forever." 

For Hi laiel, the swim team was 
more than a sport ; i t was a way of 
life ror four years. The greal coach-
ing she received was one thing that 
will stick wi th her. 

" Coach Boyd laught us so many 
things." she said, " how to organize 
your li fe as well as be part of the 
team. He was the backbone behind 
us and I'm going to miss him." 

After graduation, Hilaiel will 

Thursday, May 28, 1998 

school after graduation. 
Bruner is another senior with a 

checkered past on the team. 
t hrown off the leam as a f reshman, 
He eventually rej oined the team 
and swam three strong years for the 
Tritons. Last season was a break-
through year for Bruner, who qual-
ilied and scored points for the Tri -
tons at Nationals. 

T hi season, academics have 
been the focus for Bruner. who was 
accepted into a Ph. D . program at 
Prim:eton. M ore of winter quarter 

See MEN, Page 19 

attend medical school in Oregon. 
Kealy has also had a greal 

career at UCSD , but she has always 
had a hard time getting recognized. 
A two-t ime academic A Il -Ameri-
can, Kealy recorded Ihe required 
minimum standard cut-off time for 
the Nati onal Championships. Yet. 
for three years in a row, K ea ly was 
not asked to the me~t because there 
were just too many swimmers with 
lhe same or beller times. 

Finally, Kea ly's persistence paid 
ofr th is season. Kealy was invited 
to Nationals for the breastroke and 
although she didn ' t score, it was a 
wonderful end to her senior season. 

it's time for some good 

It's amazing what eamlngs of S lOOk can do for you. 
Just ask the top sales people of the inside sales 
team at Mastering Computers, a rapidly growing 
leader in IT training. 

Join us in Phoenix, Arizona 
...... Accwnlb ....... 

Earning potential up to S lOOk 
• ....... b..rJw. 

• lllelLu4lQNlllln 
$?62 per hOur base pay, plus the 
opportunily to earn weekly bonuses 

Earning potential up to $40k * part· lime also available * 

No weekend or evening hours, so you'll have time to enjoy your earnings. 
Please send a resume to: Mastering Computen, 9201 East Mountain View 
Road, Sales Recruiting Depertmenl. 
SUIle 200, ScottJdale. Al 8S2S8. Fax: 
(602) 657 ... 010. EmaU: Eden_Hlglns@ 
MasteringComputen.com. 
See us at: www.masteringcomputers.com 
on the Web. WE 

old fashioned 

Formula For The Perfect Pizza 

Belter Ingredients. 
Better Pizza. 

PlD Da.fllRY 8 CARRY • ..,.! 
Serving ... Pacific Beach/Mission Beach 

1550 Garnet Ave. 
272-8100 

We'll be del/verlnl to UCSD soon! 

----------T----------T----------Papa '. 1 Double PIal Deal I ..... rllty ".n FIfty 
One 14" 
LARGE 
I-top 

1 'To 14" • 1 One 16" 1 .wo 1 EXTRA 
1 LARGE 14'I'IU 1 LARG~ 
1 I-toppl 1 2-topplnl 

L,mlt" art-I Coupon ~Utred I L"''IIted area. Coupon reqUired. I llm lted.~ area. Coupon required. 
AddltlONl~" SUS ea. EJq>. 6110l'lll. limot 2 Add,"anol ..ow ..... S 1.25 ea up 6130198 Add,uonal toppl",. $1 50 ea. E.p 6/30198 

FUll SERVICE LIQUOR STORE & DELI 

.. Over 300 BeefS & Mlcrobrews 
• Great selection of Wines & liquor 
• PNinlum CIgars & Imported CipIeUes 
• Dell Sandwiches 

KEG BEER NrNk S4~'t"I ON SPECIAL! 1/2 keg starts at 54800 lav 
10% OFF Loose a~ 

3328 Governor " 

) 

In the UC Marketplace Hfi N La Jolla Vil l a • D r 
(nearHenrr~ ~r-~~~~~~~ 

453-4411 ~ * 

Thursday, May 28, 1998 The UCSD Guardian 

, 

101Teui: 
PLAYOFF 
PREVIEW 

TNIII 

MEN'S AAA Favorites 
1 BTS(6-1) 
2 Chula Vista (4-2) 
3 Sigma Chi (4-3) 
4 Just The BJ (5-2) 
HARRY'S DEAD-ON PICK: 

MEN'S AA Favorite. 
1 Dodger Dogs (5-1) 
2 The Renal Stones (7-1) 
3 The Valsalvas (6-2) 
4 Foul Play (5-3) 
HARRY'S DEAD-ON PICK: 

MEN'S A Favorites 
1 Team Superquock (5-0) 
2 The Bat That Goes Ping (6-0) 
3 KCM (5-2) 
4 Outback Pig Bodies (5-1) 
HARRY'S DEAD-ON PICK: 

COED AA Fllvorlte. 
1 Les Gi~s (5-0) 
2 Double Double Animal (4·1) 
3 Cha~ie's Angels (2·2) 
4 Sick of RIMAC (3-1)' 
HARRY'S OEAD-ON PICK: 

COED A' Prime Fevorite. 
1 Bailers (5-0) 
2 Barneys (4-0) 
3 Nsuchupacabras (5-0) 
4 How About A Grope? (5-0) 
5 Denise Likes Hot Dogs (5-0) 
HARRY'S OEAD-ON PICK: 

COED A F.vorite. 
1 Masterbatters (3-2) 
2 Mi kasa Es Sukasa (4-1) 
3 Bumpy Grumbles (4-1) 
4 Yeastie Boys (3-1 ) 
5 Swingers (3-2) 
HARRY'S DEAD-ON PICK: 

WOMEN'SAA 
1 Monchichi's (4-0) 
2 Infield Superfly Rules (t -2) 
3 The Waves (0-2) 

Comments 

Busted fellow Greeks last week, love to hit lefties 
Surprise team of the decade gellin' it done with defense 
Need to re-group, but have talent to finish strong 
Longest of long shots in a down year for AM 
BTS . 

Winning tough games already, need two more 
Can bang hits with the best 01 'em 
Evenly matched with Stones, but need consistent hitting 
Scrappy bunch makes you eam yourWs 
The Renal Stone. 

Late starters will need to win a triple header 
Strong defense has held up so far 
tn and out group that should be out this week 
Have just as good a chance as any 
Team Superquock 

Playing in a tough bracket, may not survive 
Will need plenly of double plays to get the ring 
Will need lots of divine intervention 
Should take it in the end, but don't ask us how 
Sick of RIMAe 

Untested in a weak league, we'll see 
Sidestepped only tough opponent, not sold 'em yet 
Infield defense should keep them viable 
Probably should be up a level, still untested 
Pounds the poke pretty good, but still missing sumpin' 
How About A Grope? 

Should mop up th is 16-team liasco 
Vet team will have plenty 01 fun along the way 
Undeleated on the lield, can do it if they get hot 
Hang tough in the close ones, could surprise here 
Tough and nasty club will need to put it together 
Yeastle Boys 

Too tough for this bunch 
Battles el numero uno as well as anyone 
Wilt they show for the Big Tsunami? 

Coed Tube-Polo 
Champions 
Crowned 
CoedAAA 
lows 14 

Spartlcus 16, Flollting Marshmal-

This was one of the best finals in recent memory. The 
Marshmallows were playing with only hall of the awesome 
Monroe connection. Both teams entered the game unde-

feated. 1\ took a last second goal by Andy Betl of Sparticus to send it to O-T. In Ihe eKlra period, 
Betz and Captain Jason Fairchild each scored to close out the game. 

Coed AA Gaton 11 , Oemagelnc 8 
Damage Inc. got to the finals relying on the arms of their guys. In the finals the guys were shut 

down and the gals just couldn't quite pick up the slack. The Gators got contributions from 
everyone and had just enough lor the win. 

Coed A Wet Willy'. 9, Sel Monkey. 7 
The Sea Monkeys entered the game a heavy lavorite. They put up sofld numbers all season 

and it looked like th is one was a slam dunk. Bad time to roll over. Wet Willy's fO(9Ot to read the 
papers and they weren't impressed. Ryan Smith In up the scoreboard for Willy's in their upset 
special. 

19988uxGoD 
INTRA.I'IURAL SPORTS FESTIVAL 

CkampionJ 

Ladie. 
TOTAlLY CHUBS 11 , EX's 7 

Slam Dunk Champion 
Tyler Garren 

Coed Floor Hockey 
Open 
SLICK STlCKS7, SANDBAGGERS4 

Intermedlat._ 
DODGERS 3, TOP SHELF 2 

7-on-7 Coed Soccer 
Open 
LlTILE MERMAIDS 3 , CULT JAM 2 
Men's MVP: Brian Adams (Cut! Jam) ... scored 7 goals 
Women's MVP: Brenna Cox (MermaidS) 

Coed Volleyball 
Finals Tonight 
Triple-Header Bll/inti at Bpm in RIMAe 

CoedAA 

CoedAAA 
The VBers should crush the rest of the field. To 

say they have the most experience would be a bit 
of an understatement. How many other squads 
have a player with their number retired and hang· 
Ing from the rafters in RIMAC? Veteran, crafty, 
poised, malure, you could call the VBer's all that. 
But why not just old! Tonight is a double-header 
and the only question to answer is can the oId-
timers hold up for two matches tonight? Most of 
'em are usually in bed before 9:30pm. If they get 
pushed to 3 games in the semi-finels that might 
open the door for The Specialists or Natural Bom 
Killers in the championship match. 

The first and second rounds were played lasl night with results not available at press time. 
With the top two teams from this division, Crushers & Specialists, !"oved up to AAA lor the play· 
offs so this should be a wide open aHair. The Navigators appear to be the best of the bunch at this 
point. Balls Out also received a first round bye and they have enough firepower to get to the 
linals. With only one blemish during the regular season, Loud Mouth might be screaming at the 
chance to get into the finals tonight. This will be the most competitive semis and final of the nightl 

Coed A 
They call teams that play down from their natural level of ability sandbaggers. They think they 

can beat up on lower level players and dominate en route to a title. Well, Free Radicals might fit 
Ihis description nicely. This division is designed for folks that have tittle experience, but want a fun 
recreational outing each week. Not, for teams that can pass, set and spike! The Volleyball Gods 
don't appreciate sandbaggers and they have an interesting way of teaching them a lesson. The 
Radicals are certainly the best team out there, but will they win it all? Hmmmmm? 

SPONSOR THE 1M PAGE 
IN '98-'99! 

CALL MIKE HIPP AT 534-4037 AND 
ASK FOR DETAILS. GREAT 

EXPOSURE AND TEAM SPIRIT! 

,RAPHI BV 10£ PAN 

23 

-

-

-



'-

• 0# . 

24 SPORTS 

............... 

to LA. to PI c--. 
tot In foot-

- Harry Carlii'. ""II,,, a 
Cubs broadcast 

"lrIIIt'. ___., ".",.-

Fishinf 
Repor 
Kevin Mclaughlin 
Finally, an Actual 
Fishing Report 

Ahhhh, the sun . I stretch my 
arms and yawn in the morning 
sunshine, and my arm immedi-
ately snaps back in a pattern I 
know well : my fishing cast. 

Life right now is as frantic as 
can be for your friendly neigh-
borhood fisherman . The end of 
midterms, finals approaching, 
graduation imminent and an 
allempt to wrap Ihings up here 
at the Guardian are making 
summer's approach all the more 
eagerly awaited. 

- Steve StOlle 

The UCSD Guardian 

If you hadn't noticed, there 
aren't any more sports happen-
ing at UCSD. They 're all done 
for the season. And while greal 
alh letes are made in the offsea-
son, mO. t fans know beller. 

MEN'S SWIMMING: The Tritons will miss 
these four outstanding senior leaders 

Summer means leisure and 
Ihe avoidance of sweal. The sun 
is in Ihe sky ' Iii 8 or 9 at nighl. 
Mosl places. iI' hOller Ihan hell 
all day. II 's no time for those 
sports that demand perspiralion. 
Thus baseball , one of Ihe greal-
est inventions in American hi s-
lory. Then there are Ihe greal 
semi-pro sports, such <.IS had-
minton. You've also got your 
beach sports like surling and 
water sports like waterskii ng. 

But hold fasl. There is some-
thing missing here. Though 
most San Diegans could care 
less, there is a summer sport 
dear to me. For summertime to 
me means a return to the ou t-
doors and a relurn to Ily fishing. 

Fly fishing is close to my 
heart. Like my father, I was 
raised on it every summer - it 's 
part of me. Every time summer 
rolls around, I hearken hack to 
the mountain streams and the 
big ones that gOI away. 

Fly fi shing is not like other 
types of lishing. II 's not sport-
fishing. II 's the fi shing fealured 
in the movie, ."A River Runs 
Through II." The objecl, like in 
other fishing. is to trick a fish 
into biling your hook so you can 
calch it. However, it is there Ihat 
mosl of the simi larities to sport-
fishing stop. 

".' ' . 

• 

Ed Ruth: 
5th·year 
senior is 
former 400 
individual 
medley 
record-holder. 
He scored in 
three events 
at Nationals. 

Eric Bruner: 
Thrown off 
the tea m as 
a freshman, 
he came 
back to have 
3 great years 
Now off to 
Princeton for 
Ph .D. work. 

Tim 
McAteer: 
A "rags to 
riches " tale, 
he was a 
walk-on and 
is now an AII-
American 
captain for 
two seasons. 

Billy 
O'Connor: 
A freshman 
All-American 
he 's barely 
missed 
Nationals 
ever since. 
Now heading 
to law school. 

By Jacob Gordon 
Staff Writer 

The U SD men\ ~wimming 
team never gave up. After the first 
day of the CAA Division III 
Nati onal hampionships, the Tri-
tons were already 40 points out of 
!tecond place, a huge gap to make 
up. 

Yet they swam their best when 
il malll!reo mosl hec<tusc Iheir 
sea~on depended on il. Lcd both 
emolionally and in the pool hy 
Head Coach Doug Boyd and 
se niors Tim McAteer, Ed RUlh . 
Eric Bruner and Billy 
O'Conner, SD siormed 
back to an impressive sec-
ond-place fini sh. 

On the second day of 
Nationals, at least one Tri -
ton swi mmer was in the 
top eight in every event. 
All in all , Ihe Trilons 
scored I 5 points that day 
- far and away the most ever 
scored in one day hy U SD. 
However, they still trailed sec-
ond-place Denison ollege by 
12.5 points. 

The Tritons had to come 
through wi th a clutch final -day 
effort. UCSD grabhed second 
place hy a slim 1.5 points with an 
Illh-place fini sh in Ihe last relay 
of the day. In a truly great come-
back, the Tritons scored a total of 
395 points. the most scored hy 

SD in Boyd's eight years at 
See MEN, Page 22 

Thursday, May 28, 1998 

-'-----~~~~~~::~~~- - - -....-- - -----::;;--~--.-..:;~ ~ - ....... - .~ --=::-
Joe Angiulo/ Guardian 

WOMEN'S SWIMMING: The end of an era 
for three immensely successful Tritons 
By Jacob Gordon 
Staff Writer 

For the UCSD women 's swim-
ming team. it was a greal ride thi s 
season. The team 's hard work led 
10 another . trong fini sh as the Tri-
Ions came in third place at the 
National Championships. For the 
Ihree graduating seniors, it has 
been a great four years at UCSD, 
wh ich ha~ consistenlly pUI them 
among the lOp three teams in 

Divi~ion III. 
For seniors Meli ssa Kea ly, 

Laini e Hilai el and Shawna 
Caballcro, the memories 
of UCS D swimming will 
certainly Slay with them 
for years to comc. 

The effort was led by 
Cahallero, who helped 
hreak school records in 
both the 400-yard medley 
relay and the 400-yard 
free relay. For team cap-

tain aballero. who now holds 
fi ve UC D swimming records, it 
has been a dream farewell season 
after a fantastic career. One of the 
most decorated swimmers in 

CSD hi story, Caba llero onl y 
swam for three seasons because 
of the time she sp lit wilh the 
women's water polo squad. 

Beside the record-setting 
relay races, Caballero also cap-
tured fourth place in the 50-yard 
freestyle, fifth place in the 100-
yard freesty le and ninth place in 

See WOMEN, Page 22 

Lalnie 
Hllalel: 
As captain, 
she was the 
glue that 
helped keep 
this dominant 
swim team 
together with 
her good 

natured attitude and great 
work habits . Now heading off 
to medical school in Oregon . 

Melissa 
Kealey: 
A two-time 
Academic AII-
American, 
she was 
slighted by 
the NCAA 
Committee 
for three 

straight years until she was 
finally invited to the National 
Championships this season. 

Shawna 
Caballero: 
One of the 
most 
decorated 
athletes in 
UCSD 
swimming 
history, sne 
was UCSD 

athlete of the year last year 
and holds 5 school records . Fly fishing is u ually in fresh 

water and is usually for one of 
the several varieties of lrout : 
german hrown, cullhroal, brook 
or rainbow. 

Fly fishing involves a long, 
extremely thin rod which is very 
nexible. Though there is a reel , 
il is primarily there to hold the 
line which you feed out. 

Shabel, Mihet Swing at Tennis Nationals 
The line is brightly colored 

so the fisherman can see it in the 
water, but at the end is a leader 
which is very fine and basically 
invisible. The leader is 6 to 10 
feet long, which is long enough 
that the fish has no idea that the 
hook at the far end of the leader 
is attached to your line. 

At the end of the line you 
See FLY, Page 19 

FINALE: The duo 
advanced to the se.cond 
round of Nationals 
By Bill aurg.r 
Staff Writer 

[n co llege tennis, for the major-
ity of the season, individual acco-
lades are put aside and the focus is 
on the team. With team competition 
wrapped up for the year, though, all 
eyes in Division UI turned to the 
NCAA Men's Tennis Single and 

Doubles National hampionship 
Tournaments from May I ~ - 20 at 
Williams College (Mass.) . 

Steve Shabel was one 
of 32 singles players invit-
ed to the singles tourna-
ment. Shahel and his part-
ner Emil Mihet represent-
ed U SD as one of the 16 
doubles teams present. 

Play commenced Mon-
day with the first two 
rounds of singles and the 
fir t round of doubles. 

Shabel drew a terrible first 
match and lost , 0-6, 4-6. 

Shabcl 's opponent, Jed Wein-
stien of Emory College, 
was the No. 4 seed going 
into the tournament. 

"He didn 't playa ' well 
a ' he cou Id have," Coach 
Brian Turner said of Sha-
bel' play, "and hi s oppo-
nent was playing error-
free tennis." 

In doubles play, Shabel 
and Mihet got ofT to a rocky start in 

their fir t round matchup. However, 
they then won 12 straight games 10 
win by a core of 3-6, 6- J, 6-0. 

When play resumed on Tuesday, 
Mihet and Shabel were unable to 
build on the momentum of their 
first -round win. The unorthodox 
sly Ie of their opponents coupled 
with lax play lead to the duo 's 1-6, 
0-6 loss. 

Despite the disappointing end to 
their season, Mihet and Shabel's 
first -round win won them AII -
American honors. 


