
Elsewhere 
UCLA Finance 
Chairman Resl .... 
LOS ANGELES - Robert 
Rhoan, the chair of UCLA's 
Undergraduate Students 
Assoc iation Council Fi nance 
Committee, resigned last 
Thursday after accusi ng the 
student government of wide-
spread corruption. "I just 
don't want to deal with oli-
garchy anymore," he said. 
However, some studcnt Ieau-
as saiu they believe Rhoan 's 
n;slgnation <.: an he tl'a<.:cd ha<.:k 
to complulnt\ that sevcral stu-
dent groups failed to rc<.:clve 
fu nu ing becau 'e Rhoan 
allegedly mishandled his 
office power '. 

- The Doily Bruin 

UF Student 
Receives Probation 
GAINESVI LLE, Fla. -
Universi ty of Florida senior . 
Daryl Steven Banks was sen-
tenced Tuesday to fi ve years 
of probation for luring a 14-
year-old girl he met over the 
Internet into a hotel room. 
Banks pleaded no contest to 
attempted lewd and lascivious 
assault on a person under 16. 
According to a sworn com-
plaint, the girl started talking 
to Banks on Feb. 20, 1997, in 
an Alachua County chat room 
on America Online. Banks 
convinced the girl to sneak 
out of her house, where he 
picked her up, stopped by an 
ATM and took her to a motel. 
The girl claims she was 
scared and that she did as he 
demanded after they checked 
into a room. 

- The Independent Florida 
Alligator 

Longtime Radcliffe 
Leader Dies 
CAMBRIDGE, Mass.-
Harvard administrators are 
mourning the loss of Mary I. 
Bunting-Smi th, who used the 
universi ty as a platform to 
revolutionize the ro le of 
women in society. Bunti ng-
Smith , the ti fth president of 
Radcliffe College, died 
Wednesday at the age of 87 in 
her home in Hanover, New 
Hampshire. When she arrived 
as pres ident, one of her fi rst 
proposals was to create an 
ins titute in which women 
could overcome a cl imate of 
low expectations for fe males. 
The institute was renamed in 
her honor in 1978 . Si nce 
Bunting-Smith founded the 
in ·titute in 1960, more than 
1,300 women - including 
Alice Walker and Anne 

ex ton - have held the one-
year fe llowships. 

- The Harvard Crimson 

poken ••• 
"With all due respect to 
the Revelle College 
Council, comparing the 
Revelle College 
Council to the 
ASUCSD is like 
comparing my littLe 
brother's LittLe League 
team to the Mets." 

- Souley 1*1110 
A.S. President 

. .. , 

A President's Woe Trauma Runaway iCC Will the most recent scandal to We spend a day in Christian Heritage Q 
hit President Bill Clinton bring the ER with a handles the men's Z 
down his entire house of cards ? medical student basketball team 0 

Opinion, page 4 Features, page 9 Sports, page 16 :E 

T H U C 5 

UC AN DIEGO MONDAY, JA UARY 26, 1998 VOLUME 9 , ISSUE 7 

Council Discusses Increasing Fee 
BUDGET: Students 
currently pay $13.50 
per quarter for funding 

fee, the primary source of fu ndi ng 
for the Associated Students. pays for 
such costs as A.S. and student-orga-
ni zation programming, offi ce 
expenses and staff salaries. 

that the Campu ' Activ ity Fee 
Evaluation ommillce informally 
recommended, but the council will 
decide the amount of the increase 
- if any - by seventh week. 

receives addit ional money from the 
ASUC store. 

A.S. Vice Pres ident Finance 
Tony Fiori said that the most 
important reason behind the possi-
ble fee hike was the results of last 
year' Campus Climate Survey. 
Because of student dissatisfaction 
with campus activities, Fiori 'and 
other A.S. councilmembers said 
they felt this increase is needed to 
provide better events and programs 
for students. 

By Erika Snider 
Staff Writer 

In an attempt to expand its bud-
get and improve its services, the 
A.S . Council discussed increasing 
the Campus Activity Fee at its 
meeting last Wednesday. 

The Campus Activity Fee is cur-
rently $13.50 per quarter in addition 
to other student fees . The activity 

Any potential increase would 
need to be approved by students in 
the April A.S. elections. Next week, 
the A.S. Council will dec ide, as a 
whole, whether to support the 
issue. 

As of now, the council has not 
set a precise amount to increase the 
fee . Many supporters of the 
increase backed a $5 to $6.50 hike 

UCSO's Campus Activi ty Fee is 
currently the second-lowest in the 
UC system. Most other UC schools 
charge between $18 and $25.80 per 
quarter. The only exception is UC 
Berkeley 's Associated Students, 
which charges $10.50 per semester. 
However, UC Berkeley has more 
than twice as many students as 
UCSD and its student government 

"As all of you know, I don't sup-
, See COUNCIL, Page 3 

Seeing Blue and Orange 

Claire Sch,,,,,ider/ (,uardian 
Touchdown: Fans celebrate an excellent play they just saw on the big-screen televis ion 
at the BulJ's Eye Tavern in the Price Center yesterday afternoon. The Denver Broncos 
beat the Green Bay Packers in thrilling style, 31-24, to win Super Bowl XXXII. 

Colleges Participate in Spirit Night 
GAME: Muir wins competition 
for the third year in a row; 
Marshall comes in second place 
By Adeline Park 
Guardian Reporter 

Spirit and adrenaline ' oared high at Spirit 
Night last Friday as 1,525 students, parents, 
and spectators cheered on the UCSD men's 
basketba ll team. 

Ac ording to Ken Grosse, UCSO's associate 
athletics director. pirit Night I a eries of 
point-ba ed competition in which all five col-
leges vie for a trophy. 

The fir t area of competition was game pro-
motion, which con i ted of the festooning of 
each campus with balloon arcs, painting, ban-
ners and other decorations. 

Attendance was also a factor in winning the 

trophy; each student that attended Spirit Night 
registered with his or her college, and the col-
lege with the highest percentage of students in 
attendance won that category. 

The third competit ion was the half-time 
cheer, and the fourth wa. the half-time "basket-
ball mu ica l chai rs." Lastly, overall game pi ri t 
was judged by the creativity of the decorations 
of the seating and the unity of each collegc. 

For the third year in a row. Mui r captured 
the trophy. Marshall came in second, fo llowed 
by Revelle. Roo 'evelt and Wa.ren tied for 
fou rth place. 

The UCSD Cheerleading Team and the 
UCSD Dance Team both performed at :he 
game, which also featured several Srudent 
Appreciation Raffles. 

Marshall sophomore Andy Sarohyan :;aid he 
really enjoyed Spirit Night. 

See SPIRIT, Page 7 

Asian Women 
Writers Speak 
On New Book 
TALK: About 100 come to the 
Women's Center to meet with 
six of the anthology's authors 
By Grace Jang 
Senior Staff Writer 

Recognizing that literature is a powerful 
force in the drive toward a more progressive 
soc iety, approximately 100 people crowded the 
Women's Center Thursday to meet with six 
writers featured in the anthology Making More 
Waves: Nt!w Writing by Asian American 
Women. 

"The turn-out is an indication that events 
such as this are really necessary," said Ingrid 
Benedict, Marshall senior and collective mem-
ber of Groundwork !:looks, which co-sponsored 
lhe event with the Women's Center. 'There is 
no word to adequately describe its far-reaching 
effects." 

The reading/book-signing drew a diverse 
audience comprised of faculty, staff, students 
and alumni, as well as UCSD non-affiliates. 

"It is an incredible experience, as a Filipino-
American man, to hear As ian women speak so 
eloquently with 3uch passion and power," said 
Marshall senior James Fabionar. 

Patty Choi, a Marshall senior and Women's 
Center staff member, said she was deeply 
moved by the event. 

"Today, UCSD was given the opportun ity to 
it'arn of and ce lebrate the va t, heterogeneous 
histories and experiences of Asian American 
women," Choi said. '" learned today that we 
must ulilize our experiences, our knowledge to 
not only advocate for our own people, but to 
use that passion as a means to build alliances 
and olidarity among all groups of people -
natIOnally as we ll as globally." 

Elaine Kim, co-editor of the anthology and 
chair of the ethnic studie department at UC 
Berkeley, introduced the writers. 

Marilyn Chin, a professor of English at San 
Diego Stale University, read "A Ponrait of the 

" See AUTHORS, paee 3 



2 NEWS 

Jessica Hagedorn 
Speaks at UCSD 
DISCUSSION: Novelist reads stream-of-
consciousness poetry to a captivated audience 
By Christine Vel.,. 
Staff Writer 

Jessica Hagedorn, a novel-
ist, screenwriter, poet and mul-
timedia theater artist, read 
selections of her work and 
showed clips of her screenplays 
to UCSD students last 
Wednesday at a seminar spon-
sored by the Department of 
Literature. 

John XXlII. 
Hagedorn also read a passage 

from her book The Gangster of 
Love. The chapter "Love is like a 
Heat Wave" was part of a story 
about a struggling single-parent 
Filipino family in 1970s San 
Francisco. 

The family must deal with cul-
tural differences between their 
former Manila home and San 

Francisco, while 
the mother and 
daughter both 
encounter di ffer-
ences in love and 
relationships 
between the cul-
tures. 

Hagedorn read 
two chapters enti -
tied "His Mother 
the Whore" and 
"The President's 
Wife Has a 
Dream" from her 
novel, Dogeatefs, 
set in the 
Philippines during 
the 1950s and 
19805. The novel 
was nominated for 
a National Book 
Award 
been 

and has 
translated 

into several lan-
guages. 

"It's not a linear 
novel," Hagedorn 
said. "It shows 
how lives are 
changed by an 
assassination. " 

During her stay 
at UCSD, 
Hagedorn and 
Michael Greif, 
the artistic 
director of the 
La Jolla 
Playhouse, will 
adapt 

Hagedorn's 
film "Dat's 
Entertainment!" -
a parody of a 
Filipino variety 
show - was also 
shown, as was a 
portion of the film 
"Fresh Kill." The 
laller included 
images of toxic 
sushi and garbage 
dumps. 

Hagcdorn 
described "Fresh 
Kill" as "an ambi-
tious piece of 
work" and said it 

"His Mother, 
the Whore" tells 

Do ••• ' .... for 
the stage. 

the story of Joey Sands, a 16-
year-Old hustler who lost hi s 
mother died at a young age. He 
worked at a disco, took drugs and 
became a prost itute body. 

"The President 's Wife Has a 
Dream" is a stream-or-con-
sciousncss essay about a dream of 
President William McKinlcy ' ~ 
wife has. 

During the performance, 
Hagedorn also read a document 
by McKinley regarding the U.S. 
possession of the Philippines in 
the late 1890s .during the Spani 'h-
American War. McKinley argued 
lhat because the residents of the 
Philippines were incapable of 
self-government, the United 
States government had no option 
but to "civilize" them. 

The "The President's Wife's 
Dream" included several famous 
characters, including Christina 
Ford, George Hamilton, and Pope 

Errata: 

was "an honor" to help produce 
the film . 

Hagedorn al so edi ted 
Charlie Chan is Dead: An 
Anthology oJ Conlemporary 
Asiall -American Fic lio fl , and 
has written multimedia theater 
pieces such as "Teeny town , The 
Art or War: Nine Situations." 
Her work has been published in 
USA Weekelld, BOMB , Th e 
Nation , Harper's Bazaar, and 
The New York Times Sunday 
Magazine. 

During her stay at UCSD, 
Hagedorn and Michael Greif, the 
artistic director of the La Jolla 
Playhouse, will adapt Dogeaters 
for the stage. Hagedorn and Greif 
will work with first- and second-
year MFA acting students in pri-
vate workshops, while Hagedorn 
will also look in on classes, meet 
with graduate students and partic-
ipate in book signings. 

• In a January 22 Guardian article, "Muir TV Just Says 
'Whatever, '" the stated time in which the program airs is incor-
rect. 

The "Whatever Live" show can be seen Thursdays from II p.m. 
to midnight on Muir 'n:'. 

III 
,.". ucso a-tI/.n II NlIIIIled ~ Ind n.ndeys dUrIrC \tie ecademIc )'e" 0\1 end for lhe I IUCIefIII of UCSO. ReprOClUCIlon or thiS __ In any 
form. whether In whole or on ".-1. wllhoyt ...... mlssion II strictly prohibited. 
o l1XJ7 . all rfCIIlS reserved. The UCSD Guarrlf/lllllS nol responSlll1e for lhe return 
of unsoIlclled manuscripls or art. The views "_oed herein do rot nece .... rily 
retllesent the opinions of TIle ucsa G_/IIII. the Un""'rs~y of CelWornla or the 
AIIocl8lad Students. The ucsa Gu.alln I. funded 101.ly by aclYerti!lnl. 
After 13 to,. )'ears. lhe AFe and the Broncol win • tremendous SUDer BOWl. 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, January 26, 1998 

ETCETERA .... · 

T"'E~ SIII'1 't1E Sl<41f.,E, 
Of' A AAPP.t FQ\. 101, ~ L 
A~ ~Q.COfI\i'1lE 
~acw'" ~ A MI~1lI'81£ 

cx.o~. 

BRIEFLY ••• 

Japanese Poet to Read Work 
UCSD's New Writing Series 'will begin its winter quar- conference is open to the public, although there is a 

ter readings with a performance by the Japanese poet $15 registration fee . Fo r more information, call 534· 
and writer Hiromi Ito this Wednesday at 4:30 p.m. in the 8941. 
Visual Arts Performance Space located in the University 
Center. Her reading will be in both Japanese and 
English. 

Ito, whose poetry has been published by several 
Japanese publishing houses, is recognized as a leading 
figure in contemporary Japanese writing. She is well 
known for her writings on issues of sexuality and child 
raising. She has been engaged in an ongoing investiga-
tion of the shamanistic origins of traditional Japanese 
poetry. Ito has lived in both Japan and San Diego since 
1996. 

The reading is free and open to the public. 

Confer.nce on Sclenc. and 
.ell"on to be H.1d Jan. 31 

"Human Selves and Transcendent Experiences: A 
Dialogue between Science and Religion,' a conference 
to discuss the conflicts between science and religion , 
will be held Jan. 31 in University Center Conference 
Room lllA, just south of the Price Center. 

Peter Hess, western region director for the John 
Templeton Foundation, and Michael McClymond, alec· 
turer in the UCSD Religious Studies Program, will wel-
come participants and give introductory remarks. 

The event is sponsored by the John Templeton 
Foundation, the Center for Theology and the Natural 
Sciences and the UCSD Religious Studies Program. The 

Clinical Physician to Visit 
Campus as Regents' Lecturer 

Dr. Jeffrey Henderson will deliver a regents ' lec· 
ture entitled "The Medicine Wheel: An Old Paradigm 
for the 21st Century ' on Feb . 11 at 7 p.m. in the 
Price Center Theater. The event is free and open to 
the public. -

Henderson, a clinical physician at the Sioux San 
Indian Health Service Hospital in Rapid City, South 
Dakota, will also lecture on issues of health care for 
American Indians and gender roles in American Indian 
families. 

Henderson is Lakota. an enrolled member of the 
Cheyenne River Sioux Tribe located in northwest South 
Dakota. He received his bachelor's degree in biochem-
istry and cellular biology from UCSD in 1985, and his 
medical degree in 1989. 

In his research he has focused on the exploration 
of health care systems serving native peoples, as 
well as on issues arising in the conflict between 
indigenous healing practices and the Western bio-
medical model. 

Henderson's Regents' Lectureship Is sponsored by 
the UCSD Health Care-Social Issues Program and the 
medical school 's Department of Family and Preventive 
Medicine. 

fIIIIIIVIlW COX. FHtures Editor 
JDSICA SCMIJIPIIIANN. Associate FHtures Editor 

.... N IUD. Opinion Edfor 

~:Kerlf_ 

_VCA WAl.l.ACI. Associate Opinion Editor TUM. HIU, Sports Editor 
JONAH NISIN""', Co-Assoc/4I!e Sports Editor 

MVItI McI&AII8IIUII, QMuocIate Sports Elinor 
ILONA ..... (»HIatus Editor 

SCOTT "'81R, Co-Hiatus Ellitor 
CLAlIII "HNIIDER. PrIoto Ealtor 
I!llNDAN CAHILL. Graphics EIJitor 

WALT DlClUNION, De$/,n Editor 
NICK RUNCO, Online Ealtor 

-.nil! ~T: Mereu. lobbI. 
~"" __ :_AlCei' 
a.c:uLATIOII _nuns: """Ip Go4d..--. 5<1 .. Gros • • Todd Houston . Kevin 
l\8Ion. Gfe& little AIIVDTIII .... ·i_i.._nITATIYII: '00_ ~ 

AJIfII ...... ILD. BUliness Men.r 
tIItOC* IIALJD, Mvertls1n6 M.,.,..er 

Mill' MARTINEZ, AcM1rtlslnt Art Director 
101 MN. Mverfisl", Desil/n & Lsyoul 

JOHN URRR, Mverrisl", De5l,n & La)'OUl 
CHERYL IAIlO. AssIstant BU$/ness MaMfler 

IDITOIIIAl ..... TANT: E~"" Snide, 
News/ Features: 534-5226. General EditOrial : 534~581 

Opinion/Sports: 534~S82. Hiatus: 534·65a3 
AdWf~slrc Oftlce: 534-3466. FIX: 534-7691 

e-mail: ,uardlanOucSd.e<IU 
YURY LEW. EIJnor In ChIef 

JONAH ""DOMAN. Co-MIrI,.I", EIJlror 
IlIACI Mlle. Co-M."..". Editor 
la8IT1tA 8ItANSHAW. COQy Ellitor 

IUUA IWWlMADIII. Co-News Editor 
IIYM CIl.IC*. Co-NwrI El1Itor 

...... 1IIAMWt. AltoCf .. News ElJItor 

__ I." WRITIIII: Bill Gllnzmenn. Und'-r Hem • . Mory HlUins. Jenny 
I'IIclIOIson. Seon Rahim!. Chris ~. Anna \/lisman, 51_ WIIsh. Eslher 'lOOn 
I ... WIInIIIS: Rochel BIr&. Jeff 8 ... tt. K«e Cortos. PIUI OodIe. JICOb GonIon. _ H ... ~ J ..... M __ • _ MIICI<IIy. AnnIm 
MentNrem. Ad~. McClain. Sa Moos .... Elvin pt~ ... CM.tln. Rhudy. !\..ttl 
_. SolI Snrder. QuJen Tu. S . J_ WypI. \'H..I ~ 
1UUITIIATCIIt: Joe Melillo 
_Pl.1: 0Im0. _ •• __ Chon. Us. Hulf. Melnlk'~' 
o.d l_. oe.ICI PIll. CMtlOIIher SyMster. IWndfI _r. NHIOII WIlcox 

au.dllII OnlIne : http://www.ucld .edU/'Ullfdllll/ 
UCSD Gu.dl." 9&00 Gllm .. Drtve 0V6, 

La JoIl.,. CA 92093-0316 
AcIvOl _ : ieoorIII_. UCSO _ ~ 1IUi~ ·A·. Am. 217 

Monday. January 26, 1998 

AUTHORS: 
Writers call for 
alliance across races 
ContINI ... frotn .... 1 
Self as Nation," a piece that an audi-
ence member described as a "sexu-
ally provocative S&M poem." 

"This is a polemical love 
poem," said Chin, an award-win-
ning author. "All love poems are 
political. In Asian America, love is 
a powerful form of assimilation, in 
which you merge with the identity 
of the other. It is a powerful, dan-
gerous form." 

Kim introduced Yen Le 
Espiritu, a professor of ethnic stud-
ies at UCSD and president of the 
Association of Asian American 
Studies. as "Wonder Woman." 

Espiritu 's book, Asian American 
Women and Men: lAbor. lAws and 
Love, is excerpted in Makillg More 
Waves. The book is the result of a 
"marriage" between groups with 
"progressive" agendas. namely, 
ethnic studies and women's stud-
ies. 

"You can't write about gender 
without race and class," Espiritu 
said. "[The book is about) the inter-
section between race, gender and 
class - not just how they parallel 

COUNCIL: 
Some members 
oppose measure 
Continued from .,. •• 1 
port an increase in taxes," Fiori 
said during Wednesday's meeting. 
"So this shows how strongly I feel 
about it. " 

President Sou ley Diallo e(;hoed 
Fiori's sentiment. 

"We have been inadequate in 
our ability to give students what 
they demand from the A.S., and the 
only way to resolve thi s is through 
a fee in (; rease," Diallo said . 
"Inflation alone has eroded our 
capacity to serve our students." 

The la st UCS D Campus 
Acti vity Fee increase was in I Y85. 
when the coum:il rai sed the fee 
from $8 to the current $1 3.50. 
According to Fiori. an increase in 
thc recommcnded range would 
restore the purchasing power the 
counci l enjoyed in 1985 but has 
since lost to inllation. 

Fi ori also sa id an increase 
would help ac(;ommodate the 
expanding counci I budgct. Since 
1985. the amount spent on staff 
salaries has increased from 7 per-
cent of the budget to the current 15 
percent, and funding for student 
organizations has jumped from 16 
percent in 1985 to 25 percent of 
today 's budget. 

Programming costs have 
increased from 14 percent in 1985 
to the current 31 percent. 

Although spending has 
increased dramatically, the coun-
cil's income has only risen 
$169,900 since 1985. 

Additionally, the A.S. has 
become more reliant upon its ser-
vices, such as Soft Reserves and 
Lecture Notes, to fund part of the 
budget. This dependence has (;aused 
concern among some (;ouncil mem-
bers because of the uncertainty of 
the income from these sources. 

"We're depending on the income 
of our services far too much," Fiori 
said. "What if something happened 
wilh Lecture Notes'!' 

Several A.S. Council members 
agreed with Fi ri and Diall that an 
increase is ncce sary. 

See COUNCIL, Page 7 

each other, but how they intersect 
and confirm each other." 

Espiritu said that her reason in 
writing the book was, in part, a per-
sonalone. 

"As an Asian American woman 
married to an Asian American 
man, I find that there is little in 
the print media about relations 
between Asian American women 
and men - not just about Asian 
American women, but about rela-
tionships," she said. "In particu-
lar, how racialization affected 
domestic issues." 

Lisa Lowe, a professor of ethnic 
studies and women's studies at 
UCSD, joined Espiritu in calling 
for the formation of cross-race , 
nation. class and gender alliances. 

In Making More Waves, Lowe 
examines the plight of Asian immi-
grant women in labor issues. 

"In maquiladoras in Baja, 
[Latina women) work in Asian-
owned companies." she said. "The 
same racialized, gendered labor 
force is true of Asian women work-
ing in the garment factories in the 
U.S. Women, who do not speak 
English and take care of children, 
do not hear the language of trade 
unions as men do." 

Jessica Hagedorn, the well -
renowned author of Dogeaters, 

The UCSD Guardian 

Mit Is an Incredlbl. 
.xperlence, _ a 
Filipino-American 
.... n, to h.ar Asian 
wom.n ..... so 
eloqu.ntly with such 
...... on and power." 

- James Fabionar 
Marshall senior 

read a feminist version of a 
Catholic prayer, a trenchant cri-
tique of the patriarchical religion, 
adapted and modified to praise and 
lament "our mother who art in 
heaven." 

Ching-Fei Chang, a third-year 
student at UCSD's School of 
Medicine, made a late appearance 
attired in a white lab coat with a 
stethoscope around her neck. 

"This is beller than 'ER'," 
Hagedorn exclaimed, as the audi-
ence laughed. 

Chang read passages from 
"Homecoming," a narrative rendi -
tion in Making More Waves of the 
effects of generational connict 
within Asian American families . 
Several audience members were 
moved to tears. 

When praised for her creative 

writing talenl , Chang modestly 
replied, "No, you are wonderful 
because the piece spoke to feelings 
you already have within you." 

After the reading, the women 
signed books and mingled with 
audience members. 

"This is a wonderful gathering 
of women who break new ground, 
not just in Asian-American studies, 
but in women's studies." said visit-
ing professor of ethnic studies Rick 
Bonus. "Their presence has 
inspired academics and people in 
the community to continue to do 
the engagements we are pursuing." 

Several people said that UCSD 
is "lucky" to have three of the writ-
ers as its own. 

"If I were to be an undergraduate 
or graduate student again. I would 
want to be at UCSD and study with 
Yen and Lisa." Kim said. 

Making More Waves was pub-
lished last year by Asian Women 
United of California, a group 
founded in the I 970s and based in 
the San Francisco Bay Area. 
Making More Waves is the supple-
mentary edition to Making Walle,,: 
An Anthology of Writings by and 
about Asian American Women. an 
introductory book to the -issues 
concerning Asian American 
women. 

NEWS 3 

Asian Women United has pro-
duced numerous independent pub-
lications and videos. the proceeds 
of which fund new projects. The 
group is currently working on a 
publication for, and by, 13-year-old 
Asian American girls and is seek-
ing to recruit writers. 

"Thirteen is a critical age," Kim 
said. "There are many things we 
wish we had had at that age. It is 
the age in which girls lose confi-
dence in their intellectual ability; 
the age when sexuality becomes an 
issue; the age in which girls' bodies 
are racialized." 

The writers said they were 
"proud, happy. moved and touched" 
by the enthusiasm and support of 
those who attended the event. A 
non-UCSD affiliate described the 
gathering as a "meeting of great 
minds with progressive agendas, 
brought together by literature." 

"It is truly an honor to have one of 
the biggest events this year held at 
the Women's Center," Choi said. 
"Working in conjunction with 
Groundwork Books and receiving 
support from our friends at the Cross 
Cultural Center, as well as from 
departments on campus, I believe the 
success of today's event emanates 
from this act of working together and 
supporting one another." 

April 4th is one 
of your last 
chances ever to 
take the Paper 
Be Pencil GRE! 
Don't miss your chance to prepare 
with the GRE experts. 
Classes are filling fast, so call today and find out why more than 
3 million students have chosen Kaplan to help them score higher_ 

CI ......... Di 
Feb 2nd • 
M.rch 3rd 

KAPLAN 
1-8GO-KAP·TEST 

www.kaplan.com 
'ORE Is • registered trademark 01 the Educational Testing SefYice. 



4 OPINION The UCSD Guardian 

PINION 
• 

Cli~ton's declining moral character overpowers the few good 
things he has acnieved during his presidency 
By Tonwny Vu 
Staff Writer 

Let 's say you own a busi ness and YOll 
need a manager to keep an eye on things. 
After interviewing someone for the posi-
tion, you find he has cheated on hi s taxes. 
You also di scover he is a womanize r, has a 
scandalous background , lies habitually, is 
elltremely hypocritical and very patroniz-
ing. 

Would you, as the owner of the busi ness, 
hire thi s person as a manager? I. along with 
most others, would not. So how in the 
world did Bill Clinton get. elected as Ihe 
Presidenl of the United States - tw ice~ 

Not only is Clinlon of reprehensible 
character, he has been ineffective in the seal 
of the Execut ive Office. Hi~ management 
of foreign affairs has been utterly horrible 
and he has only managed a few posi ti ve 
national affairs. 

Clinton has abused his power as presi -
dent and has surrounded himself with 
IInmoral adviser~, such <I:. Dick Morris. He 
appoinled im;apablc people to high posi-
lions, such as AtLorne General Janet Reno. 
Two incompetent moves do nOI cancel each 

other oul, Ihey onl y add up to mon.: incom-
petence. 

One of Clinton's fa ults is that he tr ic, too 
hard to make a name for himself in hi.lory 
through fo reign affairs. However, if Chnton 
were to go down in hi story for somethIng 
that has marked his presidency, it would 
most likely be for the numerous scandals 
that have marred his terms. 

First, there was Whitewater, in which (10 
keep a complex case short) then-Governor 
Clinton and his wife scammed thei r way 
out of paying taxes. 

Then , as president of the United States, 
Clinton abused hi s power by pardoning his 
co-conspirators from any charges, thus 
keeping any more information from leaking 
oul. 

This ki nd of behavior is exactly what the 
Anti-Federali sts were concerned with 
before accepting the Constitution. This was 
one of their arguments against accepting 
the Constitution - the abuse of presiden-
tial power, 

As George Mason wrote in his objec-
ti ons to Ihe new Constituti on in 1787, "The 
President... has the unrestrained power of 

The media's focus on the recent 
scandals obscures Clinton's achievements 
By Ryan Olson 
Co·News Editor 

After reading this week's news, the average ci tizen may think that Presi-
dent Bill Clinton is in serious trouble. However, after paying close atlent ion 
to what we know right now, I can only see Ihis current scandal as a diver-
sionary tac tic. 

For those of you who don't know what 's going on, I'll summarize: Three 
years ago, President Clinton allegedly had an affair with Monica Lewi nsky, a 
21-year-old While House intern. 

It is amazing how quickly news li ke thi s spreads. The Washingtolt Post 
broke the story Wednesday morning. Within hours, every other media outlet 
caught the scent. and , by mid-afternoon, Clinton appeared on National Public 
Radio (NPR) and PBS to deny the charges. 

The most inflammatory allegation is that Clinton asked Lewi nsky to lie 
under oath about the relationship they allegedly had . The president can be 
impeached by the House of Representati ves if this charge is proven to 
be true. 

True to form, Kenneth Starr, the independent counsel always 
eager to scoop din on the president, leapt away from the White-
water case - upon which he lavished years of effort and thou-
sands of tax dollars - to investigate thi s new malter. 

When the president made his statements on NPR, I real-
ized that all of thi s is a diversion from the real issues 
affecting our nation. 

The NPR interview was longer than 20 minutes. 
When I checked for a transcript on the AI/Politics 
website, on ly Clinton 's denial wa ' published -
about five minutes of the total interyiew. Omitted 
from the transcript were the president's plans for the 
year. 

The president is currently in the midst of trying to create a legacy. In the 
first week of the year, Clinton introduced several policies and programs he 
planned to implement thi s year. Among them was a plan to increase funding 
fc, work-study and a plan to subsidize children's health care. 

Next week, Clinton is expected to give a pivotal Slate of the Union 
address. However all of this is overshadowed by the scandal. 

The day before the scandal broke out , Clinton was meet-
See ICANDAL, Page 5 

granting pardon ... which may be sometimes 
exercised to screen from punishment tho~e 
whom he 
secretly i nstigat-
ed to commit the crime 
and thereby prevent a discov-
ery of his own guilt." 

II sounds a lot like Nixon 
Watergate cover-up. 

Then there was the "Filegate" scan-
dal in which, once again, Clinton 
abused his power. He obtai ned from 
the FBI personal fi les of prominent 
politicians and advisers. The list 
includes George Bush 's Secretary of 
State James Baker and Secretary of 
Defense Dick Cheney. 

Thi was an obvious breach of 
privacy and illustra tes Clin ton 's 
im mora l character. 

Recently there was the 
illegal campaign fi nance 
fiasco. To keep an 
ex tremely confusing 
and complicaled 

See CUNTON, 
Page 5 

Monday, January 26, 1998 

• 

CLINTON: 
President found 
lacking in morals 
Continued from .... _ 4 
case short and sweet. the president 
and vice president , along wi th the 
Democratic National Com millee, 
accepted money from fo reign inter-
es t groups. This is illegal - plain 
and simple. 

The excuse? They were not 
info rmed that it was agai nst the 
campaign-fi nance laws. There was 
a Senate hearing with substantial 
evidence, yet Attorney General 
Janet Reno refused to appoint a 

SCANDAL: 
Media not focusing 
on important issue 
Continued from PIle- 4 
ing with Israeli Prime Minister 
Benjamin Netanyahu to discuss the 
situation in the Middle East. 

Last Thursday, Clinton met with 
Palestinian Authority President 
Vasser Arafat. Both meetings have 
been overlooked due to the newest 
scandal. 

If the nation 's eye had been 
trained on a situation affecting the 
lives of millions in the Middle East 
instead of an affair that the presi -
dent mayor mayor not have had, 
there might have been a positive 
outcome fro m the meetings. 
Instead, Clinton and Arafat merely 
stated their demands and left. 

special prosecutor. 
The illegal campaign finance 

case is just one example of the 
hypocrisy of our incumbent presi-
denl. On one hand, Clinton says he 
advocates campaign-finance 
reform, yet at the same time, he 
sticks out his other hand to grab a 
fis t fu ll of cash from foreign inter-
es t groups. 

This hypocrisy IS evident 
throughout Clinton 's national 
affairs . Here i an example. 

'The era of Big Government is 
over,"' the president said in his 
State of the Union Address. 

This was after hi s Hea lthcare 
reform bi ll , which would have fur-

Clinton has been doing some 
elltraordinary things thi s past year. 
Last June, Clinton came to UCSD 
to introduce hi initiati ve on race 
Issues. 

For a brief few hours, all eyes 
turned to our campus as Clinton 
outlined his plans and aspirations 
for a nation, st ruggling agai nst 
centuri es of racism. 

He also introduced panel mem-
bers who would hold "town hall" 
meetings to honestly di scuss race. 

Clinton also worked with Con-
gress to cut down on the national 
deficit. In the next couple of weeks, 
Clinton is expected to introduce the 
first balanced budget in decades. 

The president also helped to sta-
bilize the political situation in 
Bosni a by extending the U.S. mi s-
sion for an indefinite amount of 
time. 

spt'ing bt'ec.1k fevet' 

l -. - J~ill liS at 
, \ the Ttarel Fair (Ill campus ill ~ 

• the Price Cellter at UCSD ~ 
FIbnIIrJ 25, 1"'_1 

" 

_ ...... --.&t...-~ >- _~19)~~~3J 
SYRACUSE 
STUDY ABROAD 

Zimbabwe - England - Italy 
Hong Kong - Spain - France 
• Wide-ranging courses 
• Internships & service-learning 
• Business programs in 3 countries 
• Organized study-travel 
• Grants, scholarships, loans 
• Placement in foreign universities 

Syracuse Universit y ) 19 Euclid Avenut Syracuse, NY 13244 
800·23 ·3472 suabroad@s r.tdu btt p:! Ilamwtb,syr,tda!dipa 

The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

Sacldam "I am 
Insane" Hu_ln Is 
now more ofa 
problem than ever In 
matten regarding 
Iraq. We are losing 
support from our 
aille. In the Middle 
East, a. well a. 
France and Russia. 

sign a Balanced Budget Amend-
ment that would have effectively 
"s hrunk" the government. This 
refusal deadlocked the country for 
several days. 

Now, on to my favorite political 
arena - foreign affairs. Here Pres-
ident Clinton has met obstacle after 
obstacle, an any other president 
did. The only difference is that 
Clinton has stumbled over almost 
everyone. 

After the Dayton Peace Accords 
were signed, a shaky peace fi nally 
settled in Bosnia-Herzegovinia. 
President Clinton then sent twent y 
thousand U.S. soldiers into that 
country to help NATO keep the 

peace. He promised Americans lhat 
our troops would be there for one 
year. 
. II has now been nearly four 

years now since the first U.S. 
Rangers were sent , and troops are 
still there. I would understand if 
there was actually something to do 
there, like capturing war criminals, 
but 1 think NATO and the UN can 
handle peace keepi ng. 

Worse yet, such about the bil-
lions of dollars that must be spent 
to keep our troops supplied. Could-
n't that money be spent on some-
thing beller, like lowering college 
tui ti on - something Governor 

ther bloated the government, was 
torn apart by Congress. Clinton 
then turned around and refused to See CUNTON, Page 6 

After looking at all the positive 
things thi s man has done, it is sad 
to see him undone by recent Sl:an-
dal. Current issues wi ll be ignoncd 
as the media hovers like a vulture 
over thi s alleged affair. 

thi s to further thei r chances in the 
2000 presidential election. Right 
now, the candidates the GOP is 
expected to bring on board seem a 
li lli e weak. 

Would you really like to have 
Ca lif. Gov. Pete Wilson leading our 
count ry? I didn ' t think so. 

Whitewater probe. In addi tion, he 
has let himself be swayed by polit-
ical motivations. 

Starr obviously needs to be 
removed from this investigation 
and get back to work on the White-
water agenda. This is a job that 
would be beller handled by a COI11 -
petent prosecutor. 

If the Republicans don 't capital-
ize on thi s venture, I'll be terribly 
surprised. GOP leaders are holding 
off judgement on the president and 
urging others to do the same, but it 
will only be a mailer of weeks 
before that moral wall will crumble. 

Starr seems to be going all out 
to investigate the maUer. He is 
using his full powers to subpoena 
any information the White House 
may have on the maUer. 

This affair may poi e th,e great-
est threat to the president merely 
because this is one more log on the 
fire that has been burning since the 
Gennifer Flowers scandal during 
the '92 election. 

This is an election year and the 
GOP, which has only an II -seat 
majority in the House of Represen-
tatives, is trying to win several key 
senatorial and gubernatorial races. 
Maximizing on the president's pain 
could make the public forget about 
the strife within the Republican 
Party. 

Starr should remain detached 
from this mailer. It is preuy obvious 
that Starr doesn ' t care too much 
about the original lask he was 
assigned, to investigate any crimi-
nal activity regarding Whitewater. 

From trying to leave for a col-
lege presidentship to thi s current 
investigation, Starr has drifted too 
far from the original scope of the 

As this scandal unfolds, every-
one should stay focused until more 
facts come out. Media outlets are 
continuing to spin tales upon the 
lillie information they have. 

Until there is more substance on 
this mauer, it will be best to simply 
sit on the fence. The Republicans can also utilize 

FIND 

Can 

Bikes 

Stuls 

Rentals 

Saere. 

S.rIboanIs 

Aut. Repair 

Sales 

Jobs 

Rooms 

TypllII 

B.bylitlers 

Computers 

Tutors 
and more in 

The GlUlTdian 
Classilieds, 

What do 
you need? 

TIle ........ 
upstairs In the 
tudent Center, 

above the 
General Store. 

Overseas Auto 1OOe.B M'IOINII Rd, 15 

overseas ~----......* ! ~~~1f----wDI 
Automotive Repairs III I" m " A 4 . 

Serving UCSD FOR 17 YEARS ••• 
.•• Excellent references from satisfied customers! 

NI SSAN • 'OYOlA' ACUHA • MAiDA · HYUNOAI • HOND A · MITSUBISHI • ISUllJ ' OAIH ATSU 

r.-----~r:-----I Minor Tune Up', ~ Brake Job Special ISpecial Rtg. sao 
lOur tune up Includes a lot more R • . S55 I Front or rear. Brake job Includes: 

than others. It includes: 9 1 1. Install ~Onl pads er rur shoes 11. NEW Spal1< plugs . 7. Check brakes I 2. Drain 010 brake Huid I 
I I 2. Checl< Distribuler points 8. Checl< clulch I 13. Inspect hydraulic syslem 3. Checl< DistriblJtor . 9. Checl< lights 4. Relill hydraulic nuid 

condensor 10. Check undercar.iage I 15. Bleed brake syslem I I 4. Adjust liming lor damage 6. Adjusl IrOOl lil Shoesl and rear sMa 
I 5, Check and rtiplenish 11 . Check cooling syslem I f;.Road test .J all tluidand oil leYels & hoses - - - - - - --L!;==a::, _ .:!R':=' _.J FREE TOWING 
r'3S.polnt-Major SerVice w~ m,:: '='~O-':'rt; 
I Special :i Oil I IExtr. fOI fu.'ln/.ct.cl c.". Our m./or •• tvlc. includ •• : Reg. $150 I Change 

1. New ""It IlIu91 12. Adjusl dwell ¥'fie 24, Lulle lloot eM I I 
12,N,WAirI... 13. AdJull c.rourtlor 2S.ClJeck lorkJosonu1S&boIIl I & 1 New 0011/1" 1'. Adfu.l ... ~ .. Iu.1 lal" "'W, ~ ChICk "JIll. I 20 • I 
I ' .Changt engone oil IS. ClJICk"eering 27. ChICklllldelC.magelor~. I -point 5, Newlu.lfilI! 16. ClJeckclllch 28. Check .. d'OCIIargebllIfYP_ I Safety Check I 
I 6. ClJeck _or pool. 17. AdjU.l cIJ1ch 29 Rot." I"". 1' - I /, Check cistnbulor conde",or 18 Check bilk" II CII«II" I)Itssure IS· I 8. ~1"1IOrJ1t~ 19.AQiJst brak" Jl , lubtaoorlilrlgt. I pecla I I 9. 'IaN! ~lmtnt 1'_1 20. Adfu~ .... 'I.ncy brill 32. Check oft holders 

10. New,"', (11<11 gas •• 1 21. Checll replenISh an ftUld!riels 33. Check cooM9 Iysl.m I hose. I I 
I "" .. -" 22. Check .... ~.1 exposl<l boll 34, Cneck "h.u~ 5ylltm I 11. Adju.tlim"ll 23. cnICk .1ec1r<~ luses 3S RNd I'~ • I U 
• Not. : Extr. tor kylind.r, ' -C\ . - .. - ,... •• ,111 .. '11 ""Wtt· · .J .... 1..------------- $79* ~o:I:ClutchJ: 1mDI ryi;,in; hit I I . Newp,essu,eplale • . N.WP'IOI~ I Spec'al 

2. New CIUIch Disk 5. Change IransmlSsion 011 L.:; I 13. New Throwoul beanng 6.Road test I - - - - -
NOI.: Hydl.ullc port> .,, no' cov ...... Hollor'WO. Flonl W'e do e.l:tended warranty L,;:whHl drive •• ".. .J 

- - - - - - - - 15, 3~ 45,60,75, & 90K service 
'Most car • . Wl1h ihlS ad . Expires 2/9/98 . 

Brand new parts. Ask () 
about our specials on ~" 
engin ... All our work has ® 
a 2·ye., or 20,DOO-mile 
limited warranty. All prices 
include parts and tlbor. 

10% OFF LABOR 
for UCSD stu~!nl~~: I: 

8008-8 Miramar Road. ____ C_a_I_I_fo_r_a_n_8.:.,.p.:.,.p_o_in_tm_e_n_t _n_o_w_'--IJ 

695-1990 Rental car ava ilable. Monday-Friday, 7:30 am-6 pm, Open Saturday 
'l'D Wei yono .... t thought tho Don".r In ... coWdn' ....... ~ 



6 OPINION The UCSD Guardian 

Brown Eyes to Blue, Green, Hazel 

FREE* P!~R~~~~~!!~!!~TS WJ Fresh look Color lenses. Plio 6.00. 
DAILY WEAR EXTENDED WEAR DISPOSABLE LENSES 

$89** $99** $129** 
COMPLETE 2 PAIRS B&L FW COMPLETE 

" Allipeciol. include I"""" .. am, .y",ar. ~i l and 10I1a ... ~P vi .il. A' ligmalic l.nlO. high.r. 
Nol valid with any alhor oHer. oHerI "P"" 2/1 5/ 98. 

ROBERT HELLER, 0.0. • STEVEN TAYMAN, 0.0. 
COSTA VERDE CENTER FASHION VALLEY CENTER 

8650 GINESl£ Avt. Su. 220 NIAI Sm FIFTH AVINUI (619)452-7374 (619)295-0537 

5t Chance 
to Prepare for the 
April CAT! 

Classes Begin 
Jan 27 a Feb 7 

Call today to enroll In the #1 MCAT prep course. 

KAPLAN 
1-800-KAP-TEST 

www.kaplan.com 

Monday, January 26, 1998 

CLINTON: In politics, it seems 
as if anything goes 
Continued from ..... I 
Wilson has planned lo do? 

If President Clinton wanls to 
help a nation with those billions, 
why doesn' t he tum hi s altention to 
R wanda, another country tom apart 
by ethnic stri fe, instead of ignoring 
it li ke the rest of the world? 

The United Stales actions in 
Haiti and Somalia were embarrass-
ing. Dozens of U.S. Iroops were 
killed; our soldiers were forced to 
pull out, their mission unaccom-
plished. Remember seeing footage 
of our dead soldiers being dragged 
through the mud after their heli-
copter was shot down? 

Saddam " I am Insane" Hussein 
is now more of a problem than ever 
in mailers regarding Iraq. We are 
losing support from our allies in the 
Middle East, as well as France and 
Russia. 

Most of you have undoubtedl y 
heard of a terrorist group called the 
Irish Republican Army. Most of 
you might not know that there is a 
group called Sinn Fein, the political 
arm of the IRA. 

Several years ago, despite fi erce 
objection from the British (our 
closest ally), Clinton not on ly 
allowed Sinn Fein's leader 10 t:ome 
to the Uni ted States but he opened 
the doors of the White House to ter-
rorists and greeted Sinn Fein with 
open arms! 

Sinn Fein, political or not, is 
still part of a terrorist group. Who's 
next? Perhaps Sinn or Hezbolah 
will spend the night in the White 
House - but if they contribute 
money to AI Gore's presidential 
race. 

These are only a few of the rea-
sons Bill Clinton has failed as pres-
ident. Of course, not everything 
Clinton has done is negati ve . 

He kept the economy booming 
- something Bush started in his 
final days as president. He signed 
sweeping social-reform bills Con-
gress passed. 

Clinton helped bring peat:e to 
Bosnia and con tributed to building 
foundations of peace in the Middle 
East - only to see it crumble wit h 
the assassi nation of Israeli Prime 
Mi ni ·ter Yitzak Rabin . His failu res , 
though. uUlweigh his few accom-
plishments. 

Now, going back to the business 
scenario. Let's say you've already 
hired this guy, th is scoundrel, and 
you've onl y recent ly discovered 
that he's a liar and a hy pocrite, 
among other things. What would 
you do? I don 't k.now about you, 
but I would fire him. 

,-:----------, TIlls coupon Is ,ood for: 
ONE FREE GUARDIAN 

u.tt _ ..... cu .. _. Not 

y.1II for .. '0 orders. Tax, 
1Ice_ ........ ..uon fee. 

..,....,. A -...-. ft_ 

dWte of 10 cents will ... 

.,. ..... ...,..ntl ....... 

..... ftve...,. ~ ..... ActtI. 
pnMIIIct .., not ,. ........ 

d.,lctIoft _ pecII'" 

L __________ -' 

COUNCIL: 
Vote likely to take 
place this week 
Continued from pel. 3 

"Keep in mind, $20 a quarter is 
noth ing," said Valerie Grant, com-
missioner of ~otnmun ications. "It 's 
less Ihan what I pull out of lhe ATM, 
and it could go to great programs." 

Opponents of the issue argued 
that a hike is not needed because 
not all students support A.S. ser-
vices - such as programming. 

'The catch-phrase in this discus-
sion has been programming," said 
External Vice President Arzo 
Mansury. "What if the average stu-
dent doesn' t like our programming? 
They don 't want an increase." 

Other critics of the issue argued 
that a fee increase is not necessary, 
because the A.S. needs to better 
manage its funds. 

"We don ' t need to raise the fee, 
we need to manage our money bet-
ter," said Internal Vice President 
Dav id Fitzgerald. "We need to look 
through the expenses the A.S. has 
and decide on what things the A.S. 
should spend its money on." 

Fitzgerald also warned the 
council that he and other A.S. 
counci lmembers, who are fo rmer 
Revelle Co llege Council members, 
lobbied for a fee im;rease when 
they were officers, and now believe 
that the money raised is bei ng spenl 
inappropriately. 

However, Diallo di sagreed. 
"Wi th all due respect to the 

Revelle College Council, compar-
ing the Revelle College Cound l to 
the ASUCSD is like comparing my 
li ttle brother's Lillie League team 
to the Mets," he said. 

SPIRIT: 
Giveaways part of 
night' s festivities 
Continued from page 1 

"This school lac ks athletics and 
lacks spri l. so it's nice lO gel 
together and see that the rest or the 
st:hool is out there," Sarohyan sa id . 
"11 unites the school, and it's like 
high school agai n." 

Muir Dean Chips Dreili nger 
sa id he be li eves the tre mcndous 
showing of school spirit will take 
the sc hool furl her than one ni ght of 
exc iteroent. 

" It keeps students happy. makes 
the schoo l attracti ve , with good 
academics, and we' \I get a t:ure for 
cancer!" Dreilinge r sa id. "All 
becau 'c of spirit." 

According lO Grosse, the schoo l 
pride and enthusiasm that Spi rit 
Night evoked wasn't accidenta l, 
nor easy, to attai n. 

Although it isn't part of his job 
description, Grosse has coordi nat-
ed Spiri l Night for the past fo ur 
years. 

"I like working with students," 
Grosse sa id . "When. you' re up 
here on the north end o r the cam-
pus, you don' t get to see the cam-
pus very much. There are 500 stu -
dents in the athletit:s department , 
bu t Ihere isn' t much conHlct with 
students not in Ihe al hletics pro-
gram." 

Grosse said Spirit Night is an 
opportunity " to sec spirit, which 
seems dormant al times:' 

Sarohyan was chai r of the stu-
dent committee coord inating Spirit 

ight. He and many other volun-
tccrs spent fo ur to five hours a day 
pain ting the campus, creating 
c heer~ and preparing co~tumes for 
the night of compel it ion. 

The ucsr:i G~ardia ri 

University of California 
YOU Can Afford to Study Abroad 
f!I At UCSD, students access over $400,000=:3: 

in scholarship support awarded only to 
students studying abroad, including: 
$ UC Education Abroad (EAP) General/Alumni scholarships 

ranging from $250-$2,000 
$ Special grants for economically disadvantaged students 
$ Automatic EAP scholarships are available in many countries. 
$ Other scholarships offered by campus and community 

organizations, outside agencies, and the government are also 
available. 

t/ Scholarships are available to students not currently on UC 
financial aid 

t/ UC financial aid applies while abroad. 
f!I It's less expensive to study on EAP in many countries than to 

study at UCSD 

Invest in your future. You can't afford not to. 
EAP Applications due Jan. 30th for: 

Barbados, Canada, China, Denmark, Egypt, France, 
Germany, Ghana, Hong Kong, Hungary, India, 

Indonesia, Israel, Italy, Korea, Mexico, Russia, 
Spain, Sweden, Taiwan, and Thailand. 

The Programs A"road Office 
presents a new year-long 
studya"road program in 

f~AIlIHln~i\N S1'IJI)JES I~)IPDASIS 
• Study at the Un iversity of the West Indies in 
Cave Hill 

• Courses avai lable for many majors 
• All courses taught in English 
• Opportunity for independent st udy projects 
• Earn UC Cred it 
• $500 automatic scholarship for fi rst-time EAP 

partic ipants 
nNJlNf~IJlL All) ANn S(~UOIA11SHIPS 
llVAIIABU~ 

Study in 
SCANDINAVIA 

at the University of CopenhRgen, Denmark 
University of Lund, Sweden 

through the UC Education AbroRd Program 
• Learn a new language! • Earn UC Credits! 
• Take adva ntage of Financial Aid and Au tomatic Scholarshi ps 

• No Language 
Prerequisite 

• Progra ms i ncl udt a 
Lltnmer Inlensive 

Language Coursc and a 
Fall Option 

. NEWS 7 

Education Abroad Program 
The Programs Abroad Office proudly prrsents 

FALL QUARTER STUDY 
OPPORTUNITY IN 

ITALY 
Study on the Education Abroad Progrllm in 

Siena, Italy! Earn UC Credit on EAP's 
new Language & Culture program. 

FRII QURrter in SienR It 
• Program offered in Fall , 1998 
• Equivalent to first year of Italian 
• No previous Italian required 

·RAP also offen a Winter/Spring Semester program in 
Venice/Siena, as well as a Spring Quarter Language and 
Society Program in Siena 

These programs can be used as a stepping stone to 
EAP's year programs in Italy, 

Scholarships and Financial Aid available. 

'HUNGARY 
fl?r an 

Experience 
Abroad? 

Study for Fall Quarter/Year in Budapest through the . 
UC Education Abroad Program. 
Includes R rural 

society and folklore 
fie ld experience in 
western Hungary 

• Earn UC Credit 
• Scholarships and 

Financial Aid 
Available! 

-.~-..... 

111111 Ullnnlty of Iritis. Calam~lI, 'UCOII .. 
STUDY 0101 EAP 1101 CAHADA CAH PROVIDE A STUDEHT WITH 

HEW PERSPECTIVES OH THE ECOLOGtCAl, ECOHOMIC, CULTURAL, 
AHD POLITICAL ISSUES THAT JOIH NORTH AMERICA WITH THE 

PACifiC RIM. LINKED WITH THE U.S. BY NAFTA AHD COMMON 
ENVIROHMENTAL ISSUES, CAHADA IS A MAJOR fORCE IN 

PACifiC RtM BUSIHESS AND TECHNOLOGY, 

_ .............. 

• Semester and Academic Ye/lr 
Programs 

• Earn UC Grades and Cred its! 
• Ge t Automatic Scholarships, 

plus All FInancial Aid Applies! 
• Courses available in ALL MAJORS, EspecIally targeted are: 

Anthropology, Aslen Languages/Li tera tures, Asian . 
Studies, Biological ScIences, Engineering, Forestry, PaCific 
Regton StUdies, Psychology, Women's Studies. 

For mort Info: Programs Abrud OffiCI • Int.mltlonal Center (on UIII'IIy Wllk, • 534-1123 ·1IttpI/.., ......... ..,....." 



Saturday, January 31 
• Praised by the Boston Globe for ~s "RoIls·Royce vir· 
tuosity.' the Muir StrIng Quartet will perfonm at 8 p.m. 
in Mandeville Auditorium. 

Ongoing 
• Vis Alchemical: New Directions In Contemporary 
Gla.s Sculpture will be on view Jan. 10 through March 
21 in the University Art Gallery. The artisls will lecture 
on their work at 6:00 p.m. Jan. 10 in Mandeville Recital 
Hal! . A reception will for the artists wiliiollow from 7 to 9 
p.m. in the gallery. 
• Artists, poets, writers of "fIction"! The deadline for sub· 
missions to the Warren College Literlry Arts Journal 
is February 17. Call 534-3068 for details or drop by 
Warren Writing (UC 410). Sonry, Warren students only. 
• The New Wri:i!IQ Seri .. : Winter 1998 will present 

six contemporary writers who will read from their works 
beginning Jan. 2B-March 4. All readings will be at 4:30 
p.m. in the Visual Arts Facility Performance Space. They 
are free and open to the public. 

Tuesday. JanUiry 27 
• DIpIrtment of Blotnglnftrlng Advising and Infor· 
malional Meeting at 3:30 p.m., 5101 Engineering Build-
ing 1 for Bioengineering, Bioengineering (Pre-Medical) 
and all Pre-Bioengineering Majors. 

Ongoing 
• You can sludy abroad and eam credit towards gradu· 
ationl Huny! Applications due on January 30 for 1910-
cations. Contact Programs Abroad Office to Apply. 534-
1123. 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, January 26, 1998 

for both graduate and undergraduates students , focuses 
on issues related to beginning and maintaining romanlic 
relationships. Led by Linda Young. Meets Mondays, 4:00 
10 5:30p.m., 1003 Galbraith Hall. Stans January 12,1998. 
Students should call Linda, 534-3987, for information and 
to sign up for the group. 
• Aslin-American Community Forum: This infonmal drop· 
in group is designed to address the concems of Asian/Pa· 
cific Islander students at UCSD in a supportive and prob· 
lem·solving atmosphere. Issues such as career and aca· 
demic success, family pressures, cultural identity, and rela· 
tionships are possible topiCS . Feel free to bring your lunch! 
Led by Jeanne Manese, 534-3035, John Wu, 534-1579. 
Meets Fridays, 12:00 to 1:3Op.m., Cross Cultural Center, 
510 UC (near Office of Grad. Studies and Vis. Arts Bldg.) 
• LatinolChicano Support Group: Family, parents, eco· 
nomics, lriends, relationships, culture· all the above are 
themes that are explored toward the goal of graduation from 
UCSD. Wednesdays, 2:30 to 4:3OJ;.m., Half Dome Lounge, 
Muir Cotlege. Led by Reina Juarez, 534-3875 and Dan 
Munoz. 534-0251. 
• Undergraduate Gay and Bisexual Men's Support 
Group meets every Tuesday in the Intemational Center 
Conference Room. A Confidential , drop~n group where guys 
can ask questions and discuss issues. Sponsored by Psych 
andCounseling Services. 534-3755 for more info. 
• Campus Black Forum: Campus Black Forum is an infor· 
mal gathering where we invite open discussion and ex· 
change ideas, gr1>es, accomplishments, questions and con· 
cems on any topic relevant to the lives and experiences of 
people of African Descent. II is a place for us to connect 
with other students, staff and faculty at UCSD in a casual, 
supportive, community atmosphere. Led by Linda Young 
534-3987, and Michelle Boutte' Bur1<e, 534-5905. Call for 
inlormation. Fridays, 4:15-6 p.m., Cross Cultural Center, 
510 UCntr. (Near Office of Grad. Studies and Visual Art 
Buildings) 

• ACIdemIc Intemlhlp Progrllll. Applications avail' IJIIIIII~II~:======~:~!lllgi~l~ able for local spring and out-of.lown summer intem· ships wi be accepted through Friday, Feb. 27. Students must have COf11lIeIed 90 units, 2-~r civisIon courses, 
min. 2.5 GPA. Lit Building, Room 3255, M, T, Th, F 8 
am-12 N and 1-4 pm; Wed. 8 am·! pm. Can 434-4355. 

• Alcohol. Sub.tance Abu .. Support Group: If you ask 
yoursell if you have a problem, or if you know you do, learn 
ways to get back in control of your life. Friday., 2:00 to 
4:00 p.m., HaW Dome Lounge, Muir CoUege. Led by Dan 
Munoz, 534-0251, and Tana Paget, 534·1725. 
• Delling with Psychological Problems In Clo .. RII. 

tIonshlps: This group is open to graduate and undergraduate students 
who have loved ones with significant psychological problems. If you ara 
in a closelintimate relationsh., with someone (family member, room· 
mate, significant other) who is depressed, schizophrenic, manic, or has 
other difficult psychological issues, this group may be beneficial for you. 
This process group will locus on concems commonly experienced by 
family members and sigl~icanl othars who do not have the illness. Feel· 
ings of guitt, responsibility, seII-doubt, shame, anger, and loss Will be 
explored. Coping strategies and group support will be a part of this group. 
Led by Equilla Luke, 534-0248 and Barbara Vivino, 534-5989. Will meet 
Wednesdays, 10:30 a.m. to noon at 1003 GH. Call Equilla or Barbara 
for further information. 

• : I 7' .. ~ • I : It 1& ~ 
ongoing 

• WOIMfI: hive you had an abnormal pap smear (cervical dysplasia) 
recently? Be a pan ot cutting edge UCSD mtareh using nutrition and 
'"estyle to treat this condition. Call the CAPRE coordinator for more info 
at 822-1127. 
-Indfvfdual FItness A ..... lllln!· at RlMAC every Moo & Wed, noon· 
lpm and 5-8pm. No appointment needed· walk in to the Wellness Room, 
2nd floor. A FREE student service provided by Student Health Advo, 
cates! Call 534-2419 for more in/o! 
• Free Archery!! Come loin the UCSD Arehery Team· we provide in· 
struction every Sat. Irom 11 am to 1 pm. behind Thorton Hospital. No 
experience or equipment necessary. For more info e·mail 
archery@ucsd.edu 
• Get certified! CPR & First Aid training at Student Health by Red Cross 
Instructors. $10 each class + $10 for reference book· or all 3 for $25! 
Sign up at SHS Health Ed 2nd Floorl 
• Get Publilhed! Health Beat is a Student publication focusing in health 
issues. Articles now being accepted· contact by emai l: 
avaisman@ucsd.edu 
• Free Nutrition Counseling @ Student Health. Includes computer· 
ized assessment! By appointment only! Call 534·8089. 
• Student Health Advocates proVide Peer Education Programs on Nu· 
trit ion, HIV, Fitness, Stress & other topics at your res hall or student org 
meetings! Call 534-2419 for more info on these Iret programs!! 
• Free anonymous HIV testing at Student Health· walk in to sign up al 
the Health Annex, first lIoor. Questions? Call 534-3874. 
• Student Health is here for youl We're a full service clinic open to ALL 
registered students. You don't need health insurance to use our ser· 
vices! Appointments lor physician visits and specialty clinics· call 534-
B089. Walk in to Urgent Care weekdays Bam -4:3Opm (Wed 9-4:3Opm). 
• Ellllrgeney Contrlceplion, annual exams, STO tests, pregnancy 
tests, birth control prescriptions, & heahh education· all at Women's 
Clinic, Student Heahh. Call 534-8089 for appt. Compl.tely Confld.n· 
tial-always! 
• Don't go In the ocelnll! At least, not un Iii you 've had your Hepatitis 
A .hotl' I! you surf or swim in the ocean, cortSider immunizations to 
protect your health. Two shots' 6 months apart· $SO each. Walk in to 
Student Health M·F 8·11am; Wed 9-11am. 
• Free Chole.terol testing at Studenl Healthl Sign up at the first floor 
bulletin board for your appointment. 
• Low COlt Pharmacy· Over the counter items (cold medicines, antac· 
ids, bandaids, vitamins. skin care products, sunscreen, contraceptive 
products, contact lens products, etc.) all at discount prices! Open M·F 
Bam·4:30pm: Wed 9am-4:30pm. 

rill' ;9'_ 
Monday, January 26 

• MEChA Inlo. Night on Chiapas plus a vigil at the UCSD Price Center 
after the meeting. Everyone IS welcome. 5pm. _ 
• Internltlonal Club explores Cultural CUisme! Join us as we travel to 
a local restaraunt. Everyone IS welcome! 6:30 p.m. 
• Religious Studies Club· Inter·religious discussion on 'Prayer." Re· 
freshments will be served. @ Cross Cuttural Center at 7 p.m. 

Tue.day, JanUiry 27 
• NlklllI Stucltnt Union NSU General Body Meeting Price Center Gal· 
lery B 8·10. 

Wtdnnday, January 28 
• U413 1 Come and discuss questions oi conformity, balance and per· 
sonal choice in Dead Poefs Society with RIll uta campus Ministry 

. at7pm, 
Thursday, JanUiry 29 

• Campu. CNIIdt For Christ PRIMETIME! Corne and leam more 
about God while you meet new friends. It's at 8:30 pm in Center 115. 

FrfdIy, January 30 
• Chel. Club will be meeting in the North Conference Room of the Old 
Student Center. All abilities welcome and all types of play encouragoo. 
from4-8pm. 

Ongoing • . 
• Lesbian Gay BisexUlI Transgendered Association meets every Mon· 
day 07pm in the Graduate Student Association (next to A.S. Lecture 
Notes). Or, slop by and say hi when our office door is open (abcve Soft 
Reserves). Come out and meet great people! ALL are welcome! 
• Phi Alpl1a Delta Pre-Law Co-ecI Fraternity meets to hear speakers 
from the legal profeSSion, socialize, facilitate legal internships as well as 
the Law School application process. Call Alison at 45.,-2365. 
• AASU general body meetings @ Cross Cultural Cen ter every Mon· 
day @ 6p.m. For more information step by AASU oHice (behind Pulse 
@ Price Center) 
• International Affairs Group meets every Monday @ B p.m. in the 
Pepper Canyon Lodge in ERC. This weeks features 'Bitter Sugar.' a 
Cuban movie abcut love, deceit and the Cuban Revolution. 
• Lesbian and Bisexual Wom~n's Group. Come share and explore 
women oriented issues in a safe and supportive environment! We meet 
every Tuesday from 6·7:30 pm at the Women's Center, Building 407. 
Sponsored by Psych and Counseling Services. For more Info call 534-
3755. 

t i :I I : ~ : ~ i\J8o ~; ... ..".4: • 
Friday, January 30 

• Shabbat Services followed by Onego Orthodox, Conservative, Re· 
form Style services available. All are welcome! Sponsored by UJS. in 
Inlemational Center at 6pm. 

Ongoing 
• The Muslim Studtnt Association holds Friday prayer. every week 
in Campus Gatlery A in the Price Center from 1-2 p.m. Everyone is 
welcome. For more info, contact Ahmad @ 538·1392. 
• InterVar.1ty Christian Fellowship· Come develop your realationship 
with God at our weekly meetings on Thursdays. Revelle and Muir meet 
at GH 1118 at 7p.m. and Marshall, Warren and ERC meet at WLH 2005 
at 7:30p.m. For more info call Jeff at 558-8279. 

Tueday, Janulry 27 
• T J Leyden: Conlessions of a skinhead. Heal the story of how a 
racist tumed his back on hate. Peterson Hatl from 7:20-9:3Opm. Spon· 
sored by Thurgood Marshall College. 

Wednesday, January 28 
• Be In Orientation Leader for Rev.11e College· appllcalions are avail· 
able at Dean's Office & College Center. Deadline to apply IS today. 

Ongoing 
• Graduate Women In Scl.nce, Math, Engineering, SOM and SIO: 
Led by Reina Juarez, 534-3875. Thursdays, 1:00 to 3:00p.m., HSS 21 01. 
Call Reina lor a pre-group appointment. 
• What'. Low Got To Do WIth It? This coed discussion/support group 

tol F~ 

• Advanced Slrll. Management: This group, which is limited to stu· 
dents with some prior experience in nelaxation training, will focus on 
advanced stness management techniques including: self hypnosis, cre· 
ative visualization and other advanced relaxation techniques. Led by 
Jeanne Manese, 534-3035, and Barbara Vivino, 534-5989. Call Jeanne 
or Barbara for further information or to sign up for the group. 
• Tuesdays 3:D0-4:3Op.m. 1003 GH: ACA (Adult Children of Alcohol· 
ics) Eduacational Support Group. A Structured educational group ( 7 
weekly meetings) for students who want to e~plore how growing up with 
an alcoholic parent has affected their adult lives. Topics include: family 
dynamics and roles, relationships and intimacy, self·esteem, and alco· 
holism. Led by Psychological & Counseling Services staff member Tana 
Paget and Alcohol and Substance Abuse Peer Counselor Kam Ghafele . 
• Wednesdays 2:00-3:30p.m., Women's Center: Eating Concerns Peer 
Counseling walk·in hours. Sponsored by Psychological & Counseling 
Services. 
• Thursdays 9:30 to 11 a.m" Women's Center. Eating Concllrns Peer 
Counseling walk·in hours. Sponsored by Psychological & Counseling 
Services. 

Wednesday, January 28 
• Take a break from midterm stress and dance the night away! Join the 
Ballroom Dance Club for free fun and revelry today from 7-10 p.m. in 
the Price Center Ballroom B. Everyone's welcome· no experience or 
partner required. 

Thursday, January 29 
• The Temper Literary Joumal Presents: Open Mouth Student Poetry 
Readings at Porter's Pub · Bring a Friend· Bring some poetry· Free to 
all! 7·11pm. 

Friday, January 30 
• Women's Basketball vs. La Veme, RIMAC 7 p.m. 

Saturday, January 31 
• Baseball vs. CSULA ·Triton Stadium , lla.m. 
• Swimming ' DIVision III Challenge, Canyonview 6 p.m. 
, You are cordially inv~ed to the Twelfth Annual Gospel Extravaganza! ! 
at SDSU'S Montezuma Hall. This is a free event. Doors open at 6:00 
pm. 

Ongoing 
• Interested In the Ballroom Dance? Come to learn , practice or just 
have fun every Friday afternoon from 3-5pm in the North Balcony of the 
Main Gym. It's free· no expenence or partner requiredl 
• $1 Beer (drinks, if you can'l use beer) every Wednesday at Porter's 
Pub4-B p.m. 
• Book Clearlneel Over 9,000 academic and schola~y books will be 
discounted 75% at the UCSD Bookstore starting February 2 at 8 a.m. 
and will continue till the books sell out. 

Mopday, JanulfY. 26, 1998 The ,U~SD Guardian 

Inside the Real 

Just another day for a UCSD intern at the 
trauma room of the San Diego 
Children 's Hospital 

Story by Kathryne Lee 

Guardian Reporter 

. . FEA1'lIRES 9 . , , 

3:30 p.m. 
The eme~gency department at the Children's 

Hospital of San Diego is buzzing with activity. The 
first 30 minutes of another day for UCSD medical stu· ' 
dent, Jason Lee, have passed in an eventful fashion . 

The lasl hour alone has brought in two trauma 
cases. Lee attends to his first patient of the day, a 10-
year·old boy hit by a car. 

Lee walks into the trauma room with the assurance 
19 years of school, the last three atl:CSD's School of 
Medicine, has given him. The boy sits 011 the hospital 
bed, dark patches of dried blood on his forehead. 

Lee bombards him with questions: 
"When did this happen? Did you throw up any 

blood?" 
"The questions are to help us know if any other 

injuries happened besides the cut in the head," he 
said. 

The quiet atmosphere and mundane dialogue 
between Lee and his patient sharply CJntrasts 

many perceptions of emergency·room medicine 
as chaotic, fast·paced and marked by life·and· 

death decisions. 
" The show 'ER' tends to be an exaggeration," 

Lee said, with a slightly amused smile. "Everything 
happens too fast. They cut out Ihe 60 percent of the 
bullshit paperwork in between. Not all the doctors 

look like George Clooney. But yeah, of course I 
watch i t - all the medical students do. Th~y, and 
most doctors, find it funny." 

It lurns out that the young patient only has a 
small abrasion to his head thai requires a few 

stitches. After Lec checks in wi th Dr. Cynthia 
Hoecker, the physician on duty, he goes to see his 
next patient for the day. 

" He was very lucky," Lee said. "The accident 
could have done a lot more." 
4:10 p.m. 

Another car·accident victim waits in room 
seven. The victim, a newly li censed, 16-year·old 
girl rolled her car several days ago and smashed 
one of ils windows. She wears a sleeveless tank 
lOp. revealing a gaping wound on her left 
shoulder. Unfonunately, the ER at a neighbor-
ing hospital did not give the wound any med-
ical attention. 

Lee is distressed. 
" I would have treated this differently," Lee 

said. "The girl should have been trealed right 
away. There are pieces of glass and gravel 
embedded into her flesh." 

Subcutaneous layers of fat and musc le 
llre ex posed, and glass can al so be 'cen 
glittering in the wound. 

Arter con uiling with Dr. Hoecker, Lee 
return to tell the patient 'S father that his daugh· 
ter will be fine, and that a plastic surgeon has 
been called to look at the wound . 

·'The relief parents feel when they arc told 
their children are going to be okay and that 1 
can send them home - that is the best pan of 
the job," Lee said. 

See Ell, Page 1.0 



'. 

The Editor's 
Soapbox 
Je .. yca Wallace 
Associate Opinion Editor 
San Diego - 'Land of the Old Fogle' 

There is nothing more frus-
trating in this world than not 
feeling a part of something, par-
ticularly when that something is 
being an adult. 

Society judges who is or is 
not an adult and, therefore, who 
receives the full benefits of cit-
izenship, by an insanely arbi-
trary factor - chronological 
age. 

Never mind social factors, 
criminal records or debilitating 
mental illnesses that affect 
one's ability to reason . 

Thus, due to the lack of 
inclusion of other factors, there 
is no question that our society 
promotes rampant age discrimi -
nation, especially toward 19-
and 20-year-olds. 

This position, of course, is 
not exactly a traditional view-
point of age discrimination , but 
as any 20-year-old can attest, it 
is a serious problem in America 
and certainly in San Diego -
"Larld of the Old Fogie. " 

What could possibly be so 
bad about not being "of age"? 
It 's being denied the opportuni -
ty to go places and have experi -
ences based on an arbitrary 
limit called chronological age , 
of course. 

No two people achieve the 
same level of maturity at 21 
years of age. In fact, there is a 
rather s izable number of people 
under 21 who hold themselves 
and behave as if they were older 
than a similar number of 
"adults ." 

When we deny constructive, 
or at least not -harmful -to-oth-
ers, fun to people due to age , we 
are basically turning them loose 
to find dangerous and illegal 
ways to ent ertain them se lves -
often resulting in criminal 
activity. 

The problem with not being 
21 isn' t all about legal and pub-
lic al cohol consumption . 

All things cons idered, 
changing the drinking age prob-
ably isn' t such a hot idea, 
because the majority of young 
Americans are overwhelmin gly 
immature. 

However, in a free country, 
one should be able to hang out 
in local bars, restaurant s and 
pool halls even if he is not 
drinking. 

The idea here is that local 
businesses di criminate against 
potential 'ustomers who are not 
of legal drinking age but are 
certainly capable of spending 
their money and having fun. 

Not many 20-ye,lr-olds want 
to go to Tijuana and ge t drunk 
with high school seniors, col-
lege freshman and mil itary per-
sonnel. Si milarl y, fra ternity 
parti es aren't exac tl y a happen-
ing scene for mectin g people 
when you reach the ripe old age 
of 20. 

Thi rampant age di scrimi -
nation ha ' infiltrated rock ' n' 
roll , as well . It is asto nishing 
how ma ny bands won ' t play all -
ages shows. I can grasp the 
notion that we ' re not ma ture 

enough to drink, but are we too 
immature to watch our favorite 
band play, too? 

Basically, there is lillie to do 
in this town if you're not 21 and 
sick of stud y i ng. 

In Washington, D.C., for 
example, bars advertise with 
slogans such as, "18 to spy, 21 
to fly," where younger people 
can get into the bar - but only 
those over 21 can get a wrist-
band to drink. This promotes 
relatively healthy fun, like 
dancing, among the younger 
crowd. 

Now that the issue of 21 
years, being a rather arbitrary 
line of maturity, has been 
addressed , it is time to pay 
homage to my theory of 
licensed drinking - which goes 
along with other ought-to-be-
licensed activitie like parent -
ing, prostitution and voting. 

If, on or after your 18th 
birthday, you can demonstrate 
maturity, ethics, the abi lity to 
reason and an understanding of 
the consequences of alcohol 
consumption, then you should 
be able to obtain an "Alcoholi c 
Privileges" license. 

Either the Department of 
Motor Vehicl es or the Alcoholic 
Beverage Commi ssion can be in 
charge of this licensing . 

Of Course, having res tric-
tion s· on who can or cannot 
drink would Impro ve the 
crowds at bars. 

A person with multiple DUls 
would not be allowed to renew 
hi s alcohol li cense. 

A perso n who commill ed 
violent crimes or grand theft 
would not be allowcd 10 renew 
hi s alcohol li cense. 

In addition , peo ple who 
could not pass a basic intelli -
ge nce te t should not be 
allowed 10 drink alcoholic bev-
erages. If you don' t full y under-
stand what alcohol does to yo ur 
body or your mind , you should-
n' t be allowed to consume it. 

By creating a license for 
alcoholic-bevera ge consump-
tion , other licenses could be 
formed as subsidiari es . 
Marijuana could be legali zed, 
because it would be licensed 
through the same program as 
alcohol. 

Li censing for one automati -
cally allows licensing for the 
other. Similarly, if you ' re not 
allowed to have a li cense for 
one. you are out of I uck for the 
other. 

I would like to end my argu-
ment by noting that , a lthough I 
am currently onl y 20 yea rs old, 
and that in less than three weeks 
I will be 21, r still believe this 
age discriminati on cannot con-
ti nu \; . 

We teadl our children from a 
very ea rl y age thut the things 
they wa nt onl y co me with 
chronOlogica l age - not matu-
ri ty. responsibi lity and common 
ense. 

It's no wonder that nobody 
in th is country want s to grow 
up ! 

The UCSD Cluardia~" 

ER: UCSD med 
student says the 
work "is worth it" 
Continued from paCe 9 
5:30 p.m. 

Lee returns to his first patient to 
continue with the stitches. A Lee 
prepped the wound, he answered 
question - most importantly, is it 
worth it? 

" [I know) as undergrads it 
seems like a lot of reading and 
memorizing," Lee said. "But it 
becomes worthwhile. [You] need to 
keep up with it. It's when you start 
helping patients that it becomes 
one of the best and most interesting 
jobs." 

Lee studied biology for four 
years at Cal Tech in Pasadena 
before coming to UCSO's medical 
school. Next, he has five to seven 
years of residency training to look 
forward to. 

"But, I get paid - minimum 
wage," Lee said . 

The job isn ' t glamorous. The 
clean, art-deco clinics, tucked away 
in the newly built medical plazas, 
are only acquired after years of 
cheap, hard labor. 

The art of healing, though, has 
other obvious rewards. Watching 
Lee stitch and interact with his 
young patient , it is obvious why a 
medical degree is so coveted. 

"No more running into cars, 
young man," Lee jokes with the 
patient. "You should learn by now 
that you can' t wip." 

The dia logue is easy and 

re laxed between the two, as they 
continue to joke. The young boy 
leaves with respect for hi s healer 
and, in return , Lee leaves him with 
a head patched up with blue stitch-
es. 
6:00 p.m. 

Lee still has four hours ahead of 
hi m. A dispatch comes across 
announcing a new arrival: a young 
girl is wheeled in crying, with 
blood running down her nose. 

Apparently, the girl had been 
playing with her father's gun 
when it went off in her hand. A 
piece of the bullet entered through 
her nose, lodging itself in the front 
part of her brain. The surgeons and 
radiologists prep the girl for 
surgery. Unfortunately, the doctors 
kick out any observers and Lee 
can't stay. 

Lee's next patient is one he has 
seen for the past three consecuti ve 
days. The young boy complains of 
persistent stomach pains, but even 
after an extensive battery of tests, 
the doctors still can't find the prob-
lem. Lee suspects that it is a case of 
the flu . 

The scene unfolding seems rem-
ini scent of something Michael 
Crichton had wrillen in his days as 
a medical student. 

"I had assumed the life of a doc-
tor was, without doubt to help peo-
ple, hut practicing physicians 
weren 't so sure," Lee said. "They 
saw many patients who apparently 
had nothing wrong with them. 
They saw terminal illnesses, which 
they could not cure. Again and 
again, they would say, 'I'm not 

Monday, January 26, '1998' 

sure I' m helping people.'" 
. Doctors, though extensively 

trained and educated, still can't 
control sickness and death. 
Although many illne ses can be 
cured, there are limits to what the 
medical profession can accom-
pli sh. 

Lee, involved in clinical medi-
cine for only two years, has never 
seen a patient die. 

") don't think anyone can 
become ready for it, but I'll have to 
deal with it when it happens," Lee 
said. 
9:30 p.m. 

After completing several hours 
of paperwork, Lee caIls it a night. 

After reaching his relatives, 
the little boy in the trauma ward 
finally went home. The girl with 
the shoulder wound was attended 
to by a plastic surgeon who 
cleaned the debris and gravel out 
of her wound, around 10 a.m. the 
next morning. She had to wait 
almost 24 hours to be treated, 
indicative of another problem 
within the current medical system. 

Lee, when asked his plans for 
the remainder of the night, grinned. 

"I don't know. Sleep?" he said. 
He ends up playing video 

games, one of his favorite pas-
times. 

"Actually, fourth -year medical 
school is pretty kick-back," he said. 
"All I' m worried about now is get-
ting into a good residency. But I 
want to do all the stuff) want to do 
now, like travel or create a web 
page. I know I won' t be able to 
once my residency starts." 

GUARdiAN 
W~C?}~ 

THURS. FEB. 12 
WRITE YOUR OWN FREE VALENTINE PERSONAL HERE, AND 
BRING IT TO OUR OFFICE, UPSTAIRS ABOVE THE STUDENT 

CENTER. WE'LL PUBLISH IT FOR FREE! LIMIT: 20 WORDS 

Walt ... Officially, THE MAN 

Monday, January 26, 1998 The UCSD Guardian FEATUReS II 

Mentor Progranls Can Cbange lives 
A variety of outreach organizations pair UCSD-student volunteers with children in need 
By WaJma Ahmady 
Guardian Reporter 

Whether inspired by the actions 
of others or simply by one's own 
philanthropic nature, there are sev-
eral ways UCSD students can play 
a pivotal role in someone else's life. 

There are several volunteer ser-
vice organizations on campus. 
Each one has a variety of programs, 
each designed to fit into a student's 
hectic schedule. There are pro-
grams available for students wanti-
ng to tutor a child or teenager a 
couple of hours a week, or to serve 
as mentors over the phone. 

UCSD's Volunteer Connection 
Office offers a variety of programs 
both on and off campus. EU.N., 
A.S.K. , Best Buddies and Pulitzer 
Place are just a few of the opportuni-
ties available to interested students. 

EU.N. (Friends Understanding 
Needs) is a progmm that primarily 
target s Hispanic children in the 
sixth grade. These students arc 
bussed into schools in La Jolla, 
where they meet with their men-
tors. UCSD students talk with the 
kids for two hours each week, 
expanding both groups' horizons. 

The children can al so partici-
pate in two or three Saturday field 
trips per quarter. 

A.S.K. (Active Students for 
Kids) is a program through which 
UCSD students travel to two differ-

.. ... . ... 

• • • • 

e~t elementary schools. Several 
options are available to potential 
UCSD volunteers - they can help 
with special after-school projects, 
play basketball, or tutor children 
one-on-one. 

Best Buddies is a nationwide 
program in which UCSD students 
are paired up with mentally dis-
abled peers. UCSO students visit 
the kids in the group home, where 
they live, and spend time with them 
a couple of hours each week. 

The fourth program, Pulitzer 
Place, brings UCSO students to the 
eponymous housing project to tutor 
their assigned student two hours 
per week. The home visits allow 
the tutor and the student to get to 
know each other in a more informal 
selling. 

"Most of the programs from the 
Volunteer Connection Office are 
directed toward younger children, 
but we are trying to establish a pro-
gram with the elderly called Eyes 
on the Elderly," said Kim Percival, 
a Warren senior and the director of 
the Volunteer Connections Office. 

"There is also a new program 
called Teach for America we arc 
starting next quarter. It is a nation-
wide program in which college 
graduates dedicate two years of 
their time teaching." No specific 
major is required for this program. 

Most volunteer opportunities 

"You're not going 
to have a sixth-
grade student say 
that the program 
ha. had an effect 
on their lives, but 
you .. e It In the 
little thing. they 
do. Some kids act 
really tou ... when 
you first meet them, 
but by the end of 
the program they're 
giggling and Joking 
with you." 

- Jennl"r Ellis 
Roosevelt sophomore 

require a very minimal commit-
ment - only two hours a week. 

"I always see things on TV, like 
'Make A Difference' and it feel s 
good that ) am doing that," said 
Jennifer Ellis, a Roosevelt sopho-
more and a EU.N. program mentor. 

The children also develop a 
trusting relationship with their 
tutors and mentor . 

"Be ides the personal benefits 
from serving as a mentor, you also 
have the satisfaction of knowing 

c." •••• ' ".r. 
Cure ••• 
vdnJ~~~~ 

Merry Mittens, UCSDI 

someone is counting on you," said 
Jessica Brown, a Revelle junior and 
the director of the F.U.N. program. 

Most children involved in the 
EU.N. program benefited from 
having a college student as a role 
model and mentor. 

HSixth grade is OK. but some-
times math and social studies are 
hard ," said Xochitl Gonzalez, a 
sixth-grade student at Muirlands 
Middle School. "Il helps to have a 
tUlor." 

The outings also give the kid a 
chance to get away and have fun 
with their tutors in a more relaxed 
atmosphere. 

"I have fun at the field trips," 
said Pamela Arreola, another sixth-
grade student at Muirlands. 

The effects of the programs are 
visible in the long run. 

"You're not going to have a 
sixth-grade student say that the 
program has had an effect on their 
lives, but you see it in the lillie 
things they do," Ellis said. "Some 
kids act really lOugh when you' first 
meet them, but by the end of the 
program they ' re giggling and jok-
ing with you." 

Another similar program is 
Upward Bound, funded by the U.S. 
Department of Education under the 
direction of UCSD's Early 
Academic Outreach Program. 
UCSD students go to one of six high 

chools, serve as both tutors and 
mentors, and allend group outings. 

"Our program services students 
who are economically disadvan-
taged and prepares them for UC 
schools or the college of their 
choice," said Dolores Valdes, a 
program counselor for Upward 
Bound. "Our programs are one of 
the best programs that fil into stu-
dent's schedules because of the 
minimal time constraint." 

Social Advocates for Youth 
(SAY.) is another private, non-
profit organizalion that primarily 
services underprivileged schools. 

"M y job description is basically 
tutoring, but I think the main aim of 
it all is not just that they stay on top 
of their homework, but it 's more 
about giving them an example that 
you can be cool and go to college; 
that there are options available," 
said Sean Senn, a Muir junior. 

The Volunteer Connection 
Office is located on the second 
floor of the Price Center, across 
from the elevator. The office is 
open weekdays from 9 a.m. to ' 3 
p.m. and is closed on weekends. 
The phone number is 534-1414, but 
interested students can also send e-
mail to cperciIJa/@ucsd.edll . The 
Upward Bound office is located in 
the Old Student Center, next to the 
Campus Tours office, and can be 
raached at 534-4251. 

---C AUTO Irl SERVICE 
Guaranteed 

Boy, is it chilly out, and boy, is Earl's Place a cory 
locale for warming up! Pierre and I pop in to 
pamper ourselves with hot coffee concoctions 
like the Milky Way, a fabulous espresso drink with 
caramel and chocolate. And I totally d ig the 
Hammerhead, with its two shots of espresso in 

European • Japanese • Domestic 
Approved 'eosed vehicle service. ASE certilied lor: 

a grande cup of fresh brewed java! We recently discovered yet 
another Earl's indulgence - the raspberry and lemon Granita. It's 
an icy, zippy refreshment that's simply irresistible. Earl's also serves 
such delicacies as Mexican Hot Chocolate, hot apple cider, fruit 
smcx:>thies, and my personal favorite - Iced Banessos! You'll also 
find multitudinous mouthwatering pastries like white chocolate 
espresso scones, cranberry muffins, croissants, and 
the most decadently rich brownies I've ever had 
the honor of scarfing. Amazingly, Earl 's carries gifts, 
groceries, and sundries too! You'll find everything 
from Soap-by-the-Inch, hammock chairs, and 
inflatable supermodels to wax lips, dancing Elvis clocks, and 
betided curtains , The grocery section is packed with tasty items 

li~ pastas and sauces, spices, artichoke hearts, and even taboulil 
Earl's has everything you could possibly need - and with the 
groc:NY atmosphere and late hours, Earl's makes a great place to 
take II study break! 

Love, 
~tetclten 

• ENGINE REPAIR AND PERFORMANCE DIAGNOSI S 
• AUTO TRANSMISSION/TRANSAXLE 
• MANUAL TRANSMISSION/CLUTCH 
• SUSPENSION AND STEERING 
• COMPLETE BRAKE JOBS 
• ELECTRICAL/ELECTRONIC SYSTEMS 
• HEATING AND AIR CONDITIONING 
• COMPLETE MAINTENANCE AND SCHEDULED SERVICES 

& more. Call 'or an appointment' 
- - - - -, CatnI'MotorOit Mention this ad and receive a 

3S-PT. COMPLETE I 
TRAVEL &. SAFETY 
INSPECTION I 

~!!!.-=.i 
J 5 min.".. fnNn UCSDI 

Take La Jolla ViM. _I, 
il turn. into Miramarl 

7118 MIRAMAR ROAD, SUITE B 
888-5-FIX CAR / 588-7552 

Fax: 566-7553 • OfJIN 7 DAYS A WfEK • Mon.-Sat. 8:00 -6:30, Sun. 9-6 

Congratulations to the DENVER BRONCOS, Super Bowl XXXII Reigning Champions! 

' . 

.' 

-



... 

i 2 CtAs'siFIEDS 

EVE N T S 
Plan On Going ToGRAD SCHOOL? 
Want to make a difference? 
Concerned about equity in 
education? Aware of multicultural 
issues? Wa"t to make a difference 
in the lives of youth? Want to be a 
bridge between parents and 
schools? Interested in psychological 
issues? If you answered YES to 
ANY of these questions. you need to 
attend the information meeting 
regarding the SDSU School 
Psychology Program on 
Wednesday, January 28. 1998, 
UCSD Career Se rv ices 
Multipurpose Room, Noon-2:00 pm. 
Sc s h@mail.~su .edu (1/20-26) 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 

Come visit us at our website: 
www.collegeworks.com 

The Episcopal Student Association 
meets every Wednesday from 5:00-
6:30p.m. in the Intemational Student 
Center Conference Room for 

COPIES 

The UtSD G'uiud:an 

CLASSIFIEDS 
The UCSD Guardian reserves the right to classify . edit. delete oHensive words and 
phrases. and/orrefuse any and all advertisements without prior notification. The Advertiser 
will not hold the Guardian liable for any claims resulting from the publication of the 
advertIsement. The publisher WIll also not be held accountable lor any claim from an 
agreement made between the advertiser and the consumer. 
Copy should be reviewed by the adveniser for errors . In order to be corrected on the next 
regular Issue. all errors must be reported by the corresponding deadline. Credit will only 
be given for the incorrect portion of the advertisement. There are no refunds for cancellations. 
Pl ...... nd all corr •• pond.nce r.gardlng Clallilled. 1o: 
UCSD Guardl.n , Attn: CI ... llledl, 9500 Gilman Drive 110316, La Jolla. CA 92093. 
Acluallocatlon: Student Center A. Room 217. 

Classified Line 
Ad Rates 

Students: 52 per 20 word. 
Faculty" Staff: 53 per 20 word, 

All other.: 54 per 20 word. 
Advance payment is required. 

Classified Display 
Ad Rates 

$9.00 per column inch 
Deadline.: 

Publlutlon Cit. Ol_play Ad, Una Ads 
Monday 
Thuraday 

Noon Thull. 3 pm Thura. 
Noon Mon. 3 pm Mon. 

communion, Christian discussion, x4185 for more information. (1/12-6/ needed. Will train. $6-7/hourto start. 
and free dinner. Students, faculty, 4) Flexible hours. For additional 
and staff welcome. Call 534-6549 Need interns to answer phones/ information call 685-51 56. (1/20-29) 
for information. (1/26) 
I iii !lY .... !:i: I :!.~ :J.t 
,.. ROUND TRIP COURIER FARESil 
London $285 Mellco $ t 50 Hong K:'l $389 

Chine $360 Sydney $520 Bangkok 370 
~ [I~:[I~'l a iI'!! !ll'! il !~ 
AIR COURIER INTERNATIONAL 

1·800-298-1230 24 hr 

EMPLOYMENT 
WANTED : ELEANOR 
ROOSEVELT COLLEGE 
RESIDENT ADVISORS FOR 1998· 
99! See Career Services for referral, 
Job # 913524. Applications due 
Monday, 2/2/98 by 4:30 p.m. (1/5· 
29) 
Jewish American subjects 
reimbursed for interview. If you are a 
UCSD student, 21-25, call 552-8585 

office work at Film Festival Office. PART-TIME 
10-15 hrs/wk. $7/hr. Call Carol 
(619)457-2200 ext14.j l/15-1/26L 

APPT. SEITER 

PIT Babysitter wanted for 5 year old 
boy must be flexible and easygoing. 
Experience + references. Scripps 
Ranch Village Area 271·7646. (1/ 
15-26) 
Camp Wayne-(sister half of brother/ 
sister camp, Northeastern 
Pennsylvania, 6/20-8/18/98). Have 
the most memorable summer of 
your life! Directors needed for 
Drama , Camping/Nature , 
Cheerleading and Golf. Counselors 
for: Tennis, Golf, Gymnastics, Team 
Sports, Low Ropes, Batik, 
Calligraphy, Sculpture, Drawing/ 
Painting, Photography, Ceramics, 
Guitar, Silk-Screening, Swimming 
(WSI Preferred), Sail ing , 
Waterskiing, Dance, Aerobics and 
Piano. Other staff: DriverNideo, 
Head Chef and Assistant , 
Housekeeping, Night Watchperson. 
On Campus Interviews February 
17th. Call 1-800-279-3019 for 
information. (1_/_15_-_21_12-'.) ___ _ 

UP TO $15-$25 PER HOUR 
Salary/Comm/Bonus 

PT days/eves/Fortune 500 Security (0. 
Miramar area 

Call 619/566-5700 

Employment: Rent Free:-Wanted 
female student. To live in- act as au-
pair - housekeeper- teenage 
daughter- stipend- professional 
home Del Mar- Call 455-9942.(1/ 
20-26) 

BACK TO SCHOOL JOBS! 

NOT Making Business Easier. Worldwide. Part-time secretaryllegal assistant 

PROGRAMMER and BUSINESS 
INTERNSHIPS AVAILABLE Help 
us produce cool, leading-edge 
software. Software company is 
looking for interns for C++ based 
Windows programming and 
business development. Students 

C~~ 
Special Copy Savings 
Save money on every copy 

you make with MBE's 
Pre-Paid Copy Card. Be 
sure to ask for yours the 

next time you visit. 

• Binding 
& Laminating 

• Color Copies 
• Fax 

• Word Processing 
• Packaging Materials 
• Mail Receiving 
• NOlary 

• UPS • FedEx 

7770 Regents Road. # 11 3 
San Diego, CA 92 122 

Ph. 453·7331 Fax. 453-7335 
Mon.-Fri. 8-7 Sal. 9-5 Sun. 11 ·5 

"110\\ \ 01 I( "II PI \ I 1111 fll( \ 
10' ( "IS('ot '\ I' 

As the world leader in 110 connectivity 
and network product development, we are 

defining the bleeding edge in evolving technologies 
- Rbre Channel • Fire Wire • MultiChannel RAID -

making it possible to move data at light speed. 

If break-neck is just your speed, 
make the move to Adaptec. 

Stop by the job placement office for details 
or submit your resume to: 

Adaptec, Inc., 691 South Milpitas Blvd., 
MI/pIta, CA 95035. FAX: (408) 262-2533_ 

Adaptec is an Equal Opportunity Employer 
who encourages and promotes 

diversity In the workplace. 

WIN AN ADAPTEC 2940 
ULTRA WIDE SCSI HOST ADAPTER 

Come to our Information Session 
@adaptec Monday, February 23, 1998 

o find ou how! 
... "'==-~~ 

interested in working with our team, 
sen'd us a resume via fax (619-483-
2586) ore-mail UobsOneocor.com). 
or visit our website at http:// 
www.neocor.comlintems (1120-29) 
Part Time jobs available NOW at 
Marshalls in La Jolla. Flexible 
schedules. Apply in person at 
Marshalls, La Jolla Village Square, 
an da of the week. 1/22-26 
Tutors Needed , K-12 , Various 
subjects, Prior experience helpful, 
$12-15/hr. Call Bill (760) 931-5410 
"The Budd S stem" (1/20-~12 
Financial Sevices Organ ization 
expanding, Call Gavin Christy at 
(619) 452-6876 to schedule 
company orientation & arrange 
interview. ( 1 /22-26) 
Childcare/Nanny needed for a 3 
and 6 year old. Carmel Valley- Must 
be fun loving with own transportation . 
Full! art-time. 534-3306. (1/22-26) 
EXCEPTIONAL SUMMER 
OPPORTUNITY- Camp Wayne, 
NE PA (3hrs/NYC)-Sports 
oriented. Counselor/Specialists for 
all LandlWater Sports incl. TenniS, 
Camping, Climbing/Ropes, 
Mountain Biking, Rocketry, Roller 
Hockey, SailinglWater.Skiing, A & 
C, Drama, Radio, Video. Campus 
Interviews Wed., April 8. Please call 
1-888-737-9296 or 516-883-3067. 
Leave your name, phone number 
and mailin address. 1122-412 
Clerical PT/FT, Customer Service, 
data entry , phones, order 
processing, filing. Detail oriented, 
hours adjusted to class schedule. 
$5. 75hr Kearny Mesa 576-2305. (1/ 
22-29) 
La Jolla Playhouse is now hiring box 
office staff and box office 
supervisors. For more information 
call 550-1010. (1/26-2112) 

$l000's WEEKLY 
St utT enve lopes at home for $2.00 each 
plus bonuses. Work Frr or prr. Make 

$800+ weekly. guaranteed! Free supplies . 
No expt:rit:m.:c necessary. For detail s, 

send one stamp to N·34. 12021 Wilshire 
Blvd .. Suite .~52 . Los Angeles. CA 90025 

Promotions Booth Representative. 
Requires travel throughout the San 
Diego area. Nights/Weekends. 
Flexible attitude, ability to work in 
varied conditions and a drug test are 
required. Duties include: staffing new 
car giveaway display booth at malls, 
home shows, and other events, 
promoting a positive image by being 
friendly to all show promotors, 
customers, and the public; keeping 
booth and display area neat at all 
times; learning basic contest rules, 
and answering general questions 
regarding the giveaway. $7lhr. with 
the later possibility of commission. 
10-25 hours/wk., mainly Thurs.-Sun. 
If interested call Peter at Trendwest 
Resorts Inc. at 1-800-214-4303. (1/ 
26-2/9) 

ROOMMATES 
La Jolla furnished rooms for rent, or 
furnished rooms to share in house. 
Private entrance, working studenV 
profeSSional. Non-smoker, no pets, 
li te cooking , considerate , 
responsible, very clean, quiet, low 
key environment, walking distance 

Ex-neo Nazi 
Skinhead Speaks 

h~-~ ( .~ /;';~ 
, " ,'0'r' 'j "<-~' 

T.J. Leyden 
Tuesday Jan 17 

Peterson Hall I I 0 
7:10-9:10 PM 

'f>O"SO""d by 
~ H:u-sh;tll College 

Hewlett Dtv (' ~stty 
"nd UnIty Fund :lnd the 

SImon Wie<;rnth:'ll C('nt('~ 

Monday. January 26, 1998 

to beach, near school. Ranging from 
$485.00·$600.00 including utilities. 
Call 1-619-459-6322. (11/17-1/29) 
MISSION BEACH / PACIFIC 
BEACH: Graduate student looking 
for nice bedroom for rent. February 
1-August 31. Non-smoker. Call : 
617 469-0193. 1/12-2/5 

Roommatewanted. Pines of La Jolla, 
UTC area. $450.00 plus phone. 
Quiet n/s. Call Kevin at 622-0463. 
(1/20-26) 
Wanted: Female roommate in 2 bed/ 
2 bath apartment with 2 women. 
Close to campus, busline; washer/ 
dryer. $235/month. 623·3262. (1 / 
20-26) 
Roommate(s) wanted for Nobel 
Court Apt. Master bedroom and 
private bath. $480/month. Call 
Wendy at 638-1590 or 534-2936 
(da . 1/22-26 
Room Available ASAP for female 
Grad. student, on campus in Warren 
Grad. Apartments, furnished, $312. 
Call Pat 316-3801. (1/26·29) 
Villa La Jolla Dr. Share 1 MBR 1 BA, 
condo, m Pref. 760-335-0114, 619-
558-0259 $200/mo. 1/26-29 
Roommate wanted for '98-'99 school 
year. 1 BR available in 3BR/2BA 
Mission Beach house . steps to 
beach. Respectfu l, fun male or 
female wanted. $460/mo. + utilities. 
Call Kati or Mitzi 488-9672. (1/26-
29) 

FOR RENT 

FOR SALE 
For Sale: Two tickets to see Oasis in 
concert. January 28th in Los 
Angeles. Good seats, great price. 
Call Nicole at 488-9322. (1/20-26) 
Dining Set: Farmstyle, beechwood 
wI white legs, seats 6, 5 cane back 
chairs, $175, Wet Suit: small . 
Aleeda, ladies $100. All in great 
condition! Call 276-8157. (1/26) 

VV ANT E D 
Are you driving up to the San Jose 
area within the next few weeks? 
Well then you have the opportunity 
to deliver my computer monitor! 
Don't pass up this great 
opportunltyl Call Mark@558-6387. 
(1/15·29) 

EGG DONORS 
WANTED 

If you are a healthy female 
between the ages of 19 and 30 

and have health insurance. 
COftIpenMilon $3,500_ 

Call Mirna Navas at 
(310) 829-6782 

for more info . 

WANTED : ELEANO R 
ROOSEVEL T COLLEGE 
RESIDENT ADVISORS FOR 1998-
99! See Career Services for referral, 

The UCSD Guardian 

Job # 913524. Applications due 
Monday, 21?198 by 4:30 p.m. (1/5-
29) 

~~~~~~ 
~WOMENWHO~ 
~ ARE PROUD ~ 
~ of their heritage, you ~ 
: may be eligible to be an : 

~ egg donor if you are ~ 
~ 21-28 years, healthy, ~ 
~ responsible. ~ 

~ Call Jessica, FFC ~ 
~ 619·581-1820 ~ 

~ GENEROUS ~ 
~ COMPENSATION ~ 
~ Asi.n donors ntltldtld ~ 

~~~~~~ 
FEMALE HAIR MODELS (40) 
females especially (ASIANS) 
needed for January Long Beach 
Ha ir-sho w! No experience 
necessary. Earn up to$900 a day. 
Call (24·hours) 1-800·959-9301. (1 1/ 
20-1/29) 
EGG DONORS NEEDED! Have you 
considered helping an infertile 
couple's dream come true? If you 're 
21 -30 years and willing to help, 
please call OPTIONS at (800) 886-
9373. All race s needed . 
Com ensation $3,500. 1/5·3/12 
Males and females paid $30.00 for 
interview. If you are of Japanese, 

OWN YOUR OWN HOME, save rent 
$. Condos $100,000+, Homes 
$200,000+. Special savings UCSD 
staff/students. Area expert, 20 years 
experience. RE/MAX COASTAL 
Judith Haddox. 274-4477. (10/6-31 
12) 
Single bedroom in townhouse near 
UCSD/bus. WID, pool. Prefer 
female, NSIND. $400 + 1/3 utilities. 
Available 211. 450·0975. (1/12-1/29) 

Volunteers are needed for a Research 
Drug Study. All te~ting and study 
medications are free of charge. 

Room for Rent, La Jolla/Mt. Sole. 
One Bdrm., Shr. Bath, grt. view. 
300/mo + 1/3 uti I. Avail 2/1 Billie 
459-7709. (1/20-29) 

Qualified participants will be 
paid up to $240. 

Room For Rent 5 min drive to school. 
Own bed. own bath. clean, spacious. 
Females only. $520/mo + 1/2 utilities. 

Call 436·3988 Ask for Research 
Warren W. Pleskow, M.D. 

638-8420. 1/26 D IPLOMATE . AMERICAN B OARD OF ALLERGY/ IMMUNOLOGY --- ~----------------------~ 
THIS OU 

r, ........... frame il currenHy fillin~ pho~o tales 
o~ a local ~heme park. Have fun 
whl.;14~""nq compe~i~ive wa~es, havin3 

hours, and qualifyin3 for bonuses. 
r~uired. For more info call: 

DEPARTMENT OF 

BIOENGI 
ADVI S IN G AND 

INF O RMATI O NAL MEETIN G 

TUESDAY, JANUARY 27, 1998 
5101 ENGINEERING BUILDING 1 

3:30PM 
FOR BIOENGINEERING, BIOENGINEERING (PRE·MEDICAL) 

AND ALL PRE·BIOENGINEERING MAJORS /~ 
1IIIIInliTlIIII 

Chinese, or Korean descent, call 
VA, 552-8585 ><2182. (1/5-3112) 
Wanted: MCAT STUDY PARTNER 
to motivate and stUdy together. I 
have Hypertearning materials. Call 
452·7678. (1 /26) 

Come visit us at our website: 
www.collegeworks.com 

CLASSIFlEDS 13 

(PSY15060) 619-699 8484. (1120-
3130) 
CHEEPER PEEPERS! Eye exam 
and complete pair of glasses-only 
$99 . . 10 minutes from UCSD. Dr. 
Selb 0 .0. 578-6796. 1/12-3112 
CONTACTS-Exam, fitting, follow-
up, one pair DW soft contacts- only 
$89. Ask about ou r incredible colored 
lens offer. Dr Selby 0.0. 578-6796. 
(1/12-3/12) 

LOST & FOUND 

-

SERVICES 
PSYCHOTHERAPY. Become better 
able to cope with life's stresses. 
Identify and overcome obstacles to 
academic achievement. Help with 
mood difficulties, anxiety, identity 
issues, relationship problems . 
Supportive, caring approach. Close 
to campus. Reduced fees for 
students. Carol Randolph, PhD. 

Did you pick up a TI·85 calculator on 
Wednesday. Dec. 3 from the Physics .. 
1 CL Lab? If you have any clue to Its 
whereabouts, please call Megan at 
638-1776. (1/15-29) 

PERSONALS 
Mr. President, your fly's open ... not 
now, just most of the time. 1/26 
Pope and Castro meet in historic 
summil...details on a e A-27. 

VISIT WITH 

ARTURO ARTAZA 
ATTHE PRICE CENTER ' 
FROM 9:30 AM ·1 :30 PM 

ON JANUARY 27·28 

INTERNATIONAL 
STUDIES ABROAD 

817 W. 24TH ST. 
AUSTIN , TEXAS 78705 
1-800-580-8826 

EMAIL: isa@aus-etc.com 
www.studiesabroad_com 

We 're sfel/ex MicroWIMI Syslems, a newly indepen-
dent company created to toke the lead in the design 
and manufacture o( microwave components, integrated 
assemblies, and advonced svbsystems for government, 
space and r.ommercial electronics applications. As a 
new company, we are very excited about the many 
new products we're developing, and the wide range of 
growth oppartuni,ies available to avr employ_s. 
We're hungry (or success. Yov should be /00. Bu' ,ha' 
doesn" mean you have /0 go hungry. Join vs 0' our: 

Information Session 
Wed_May, January 21, 1991 
6:00 - 7:30 p.m. 
Price Center, Gallery • 
Unlver.1ty of California San Diego 
....... hm_ts will be .. rved. 

If unoble fo attend, pleose send a resume to . 
Sren- Microwvw SyslWns 
HIIIIICIII a..- Depo!lment 
3333 HIIM.w A_, SIarIIvnIIl.~" Porlr 
Polo Alto, CGIifomio N3(U-1223 
hur: (6SOJ 813·2452 
E-mo': ~ •• fIIIum •. CIIfII 

s,./Iu Mlcrowoooe II .n _., opporlVnfly ... pIoyer. 

-

-



14' SPORTS 

UCSD Wins On Road 
SEVEN: Women 
earned yet another road 
victory in Santa Cruz 
By Jeff a...tt 
StBff Writer 

Newsflash: For those scholasti -
cally serious UCSD students who 
might not have peeked outside 
Geisel Library in the last month, 

the Super Bowl 
was played yes-
terday at 
Qualcomm 
Stadium. Yep, the 
year's most cele-
brated sporting 
event, the biggest 
of all big games, 
was played just 

15 minutes from our wonderful 
campus. 

Just about everyone came to 
San Diego for the festivities. The 
latest estimates of the crowds par-
tying in the Gaslamp Quarter over 
the weekend hover around 
200,000. The entire state of 
Wisconsin made the trip, as evi-
denced by the killing made by 
cheese and bratwurst vendors. San 
Diego was undeniably the place to 
be. 

Noticeable in its absence from 
this fine city was the UCSD 
women's basketball team. Instead 
of wreaking terror in the downtown 
clubs, berating Cheese heads or 
bucking Broncos, the women 's 
squad was given the opportunity by 
the ad-wizard schedule-makers to 
go to Santa Cruz, home of the 
Banana Slugs. Complicating their 

Super Sunday festivities even fur-
ther was the 2 p.m. tip-off, all but 
ensuring that the girls would miss 
the entire first half of the big game. 

With that said, at least the 
women won the game. Perhaps in 
tribute to John Elway, the team 
matched his jersey number by 
recording its seventh straight win. 
In a contest where the outcome was 
decided by halftime, the Tritons 
routed the Slugs, 97-53. 

As has become commonplace 
during the streak, the UCSD effort 
was the result of pressure defense 
and torrid shooting from the noor. 

The Tritons forced the Slugs 
into 27 turnovers while converting 
on over 60 percent of their opportu-
nities on the offensive end. The 
women also mad!! 6 of 14 shots 
from behind the arc and out-
rebounded UCSC 36-26. 

Particularly impressive in the 
win was the senior front-court 
combination of Summer Begley 
and Tianna Meriage. Begley was 
perfect from floor, hitting all five of 
her shot attempts. Meriage missed 
just one of her six shots, posting a 
team-high 12 points. 

The women continued to dis-
play their characteristically deep 
bench. Thirteen players saw dou-
ble-digit minutes and eight players 
scored seven points or more. 
Defensi vely, the Tritons collected 
16 steals, three each by Poehler and 
Franzen. 

The team's march toward the 
playoffs resumes at 7 p.m. this 
Friday when the women host the 
University of La Verne at RJMAC 
Arena. 

The UCSD Guardian 

LAPSE: UCSD 
falls in the biggest 
game of the year 
Continued from pate 15 
about Tyler," Foote said. "They 
were triple-teaming him every 
time he touched the ball ." 

Mike Wall connected on five 
threes to lead the team with 23 
points, while five Tritons finished 
in double figures. The team flung 
up 53 three-pointers in the game, 
accounting for over two-thirds of 
its total shots. 

But every time the Tritons 
surged close, Christian Heritage 
countered with a big basket or a 
clutch steal to maintain its cush-
ion, and the crowd couldn't bring 
the Tritons back. 

"It was really inspiring to have 
the crowd there," Malmquist said 
of the 1,500 or so rowdies on 
hand. "To our credit, I thought we 
did a good job in the second half. 
Christian Heritage was just a real-
ly good team." 

Now 12-5, the team still enter-
tains hopes of the postseason, 
though it must win out the rest of 
its games. The men have a three-
game road trip ahead, including 
back-to-back games in the Bay 
Area against Menlo College and 
UC Santa Cruz this weekend, 
teams they can certainly beat. 

Down the road the Tritons have 
a chance for revenge, tangling 
with the Hawks in their house in 
four weeks. Maybe the Tritons 
will finally be ab le to get that 
Christian Heritage monkey off 
their backs and take the final step 
toward ending a three-year playoff 
drought. 

Monday, January 26, 1998 

Claire Schneider/Guardian 
Focus: Freshman phenorn Tyler Field squares up for a shot over 
a CHU defender. Field finished with 10 points and 12 rebounds _ 

"I look forward to our next 
matchu p with them," Malmquist 
said . "I think we have the person-

nelto beat them, but it's going to 
take a better game than we played. 
It will take the whole 40 minutes." 

GOLDEN KEY 
NATIONAL HONOR SOCI ETY 

CELEBRATES ACADEMIC EXCELLENCE 
Congratulations to those top juniors and se ni ors who have been 

invited to join Golden Key! Send in your profile fonn by 
FEBRUARY 10, 1998 to take advantage of the 

following lifetime benefits; 

RECOGNITION 
CAREERASSISTANCE 

SCHOLARSHIPS 
~UBLICATIONS 

LEADERSHI P OPPORTUN [TI ES 
VOLUNTARY CHAPTER ACTIVITIES 

MEMBERSHIP DEADLINE: 
FEBRUARY 10,1998 

RECEPTION: 
FEBRUARY 26,1998 

7:00PM IN THE PRICE CENTER, BALLROOM B 

For more infonnation plea e contact Andrea Toy at (6 19)450-2944. 
BE SUR.E TO VI IT GOLDEN KEY' HOME PAGE AT http ://gknh .gsu.edu 

Monday, January 26, 1998 The UCSD Guardian -

No Love In NoCal for Volleyball 
TWO TOUGH: It was a 
rough weekend for 
UCSD in the Bay Area 
By Steve Walsh 
Senior Staff Writer 

In the story of David and 
Goliath, David defeats the seem-
ingly unbeatable giant with the 

sling of a single 
stone and inspi res 
underdogs for 
centuries to 
come. The UCSD 
men's volleyball 
team spends the 
majority of its 
season in the role 
of David attempt-

ing to strike down the likes of 
Division I powers Stanford, Hawaii 
andBYU. 

As the lone Division 1lI school 
in the Mountain Pacific Sports 
Federation (MPSF), the Tritons 
must hoist up their slingshot each 
match in the hopes of striking a 
fatal blow against their scholarship 
opponents. Looking to build off 
last year's upsets of two top 10 
ranked teams, UCSD opened 
MPSF play with the daunting task 
of facing defending national cham-
pion and No. 6 ranked Stanford 
University. 

Despite the loss of some quality 
players from its National 
Championship squad , the Cardinal 
still brought a powerful frontline 
and the luxury of playing in its 
home gym. Facing a number of 
tough factors, including the inexpe-

rience of some players against such 
top- noti,;h competition, the Tritons 
opened the match understandably 
shaken. 

With the offensive attack strug-
gling to find its consistency, UCSD 
immediately faced a five-point 
deficit. Things would not get any 
better for the Tritons as they 
recorded more errors than kills and 
were blocked five times as 
Stanford stormed to a 15-5 win. 

UCSD Head Coach Duncan 
McFarland settled his team 
between games and the Tritons 
grabbed their first lead of the match 
early in the second game. With the 
offense beginning to work, the 
Tritons extended their lead to 11 -6 
and appeared on the verge of taking 
the second game. But the Cardinal 
would not fold easily in its home 
gym as it staged a comeback with 
back-to-back aces. Stanford would 
go on to score nine unanswered 
points and take the second game, 
15- 11 . 

The third game again saw the 
Tritons jump out to an early lead, 
taking an 8-4 advantage, but again 
the Cardinal would answer. 
Stanford grabbed the momentum 
and took the game and the match, 
15- 12. 

The Tritons were led by senior 
middle blocker Guy Mount , who 
recorded a team-high 12 kills and 
paced the blocking for UCSD. 
Fellow seniors Ryan Woods and 
Jon Yarris added 10 and 9 ki lis 
respect i vel y. 

"We played well at times," 
senior seiter Kurt Seckington said. 

"We determined post-match that it 
was the little things that killed us, 
simple plays that if they had gone 
are way could have changed the 
match." 

On Saturday, UCSD would 
again be forced to adopt the David 
role as the Tritons squared off 
against the University of Pacific. In 
the same fashion as the Stanford 
match, UCSD struggled in the first 
game, losing 15-2. Again, the 
Tritons were able to find thei r game 
in the second as the offense began 
to settle. Mount continued to lead 
UCSD with 12 kills, but it was not 
enough as the Tigers held off the 
Tritons to take the second game, 
15- 12. 

Down two games to none, 
UCSD continued to play solid vol-
leyball but was unable to hold off 
Pacific's frontline, which was able 
to spread out the kills evenly 
among its starters. With a 15- 10 
win, the Tigers would finish off the 
opening·weekend of MPSF play by 
handing the Tritons with a pair of 
tough losses. 

"We put ourselves into position 
to win games and if some of those 
games go the other way we' re in 
position to win the match," 
Seckington said. "We see the 
potential there but we just haven ' t 
been able La reach it. We learned a 
lot this weekend." 

While UCSD was unable to 
complete the role of David, it will 
receive a dozen more chances 
throughout the season with the next 
opportunity coming on Wednesday 
against Long Beach State. 

LAPSE: The 
Tritons let a big 
one get away 
Continued from pale 16 

"The last two minutes of the 
first half is where we lost the 
game," guard Matt Malmquist 
said. ;'1 thought we broke down 
defensively. We didn't transition 
well. It seemed like we quit 
before halftime." 

Shortly after the break, which 
featured cheerleaders, the inspir-
ing dance team, the Jones Soda 
$10,000 Challenge, the swinging 
sounds of the band and a couple 
rounds of inter-college competi-
tion, the Tritons were in an even 
deeper hole as the Hawks bumped 
their lead up to 25. 

The Tritons were finally able 

AFC: It was an 
absolutely beautiful 
day in San Diego 
Continued from pa,e 18 
try, yadda, yadda, yadda. But as 
much as I hate this man (remem-
ber, he did beat the Steelers, who 
happen to be the Coach's favorite 
team), there was one play that 
defined his game, and maybe his 
career: it was third down, and the 
Broncos were inside the Green 
Bay 30 yard-line and Mr. Elway 
scrambled to get the first down . 
Not only did he get the first 
down, but hi s dive that sent him 
nailing will be forever remem-
bered as one of the most gutsy 
plays in Super Bowl hi story. As 
much as I hate the guy, I'm glad 

to tum things around, but the 
spread was tOO great. The men 
never quit and put up 55 points in 
the second half, going on II strong 
run early in the half to close the 
margin to six with 14 minutes 
left. However, for the rest of the 
contest the Hawks kept the mar-
gin near 10. 

Forced to score a ton quickly, 
the Tritons had to scrap the usual 
attack. Tyler Field was put into 
the role of passer, swinging pass-
es to anyone who would spot up 
behind the line. Though Field 
managed 6 assists to lead the 
team and stayed out of foul trou-
ble, he finished with only JO 
points - not even half of his sea-
son average. 

"Any team that we're going to 
play from here on out knows ' 

See LAPSE, page 14 

for Mr. Elway, and I'm glad for 
the Denver Broncos. 

OK. Now enough about the 
Broncos' achievement. Let's talk 
about me. Let's talk about how 
loaded I am. Let's tal;;k about 
how hard it is for me to type. 

Let's talk about how much fun 
our Super Bowl party was. 
Basically, our new barbecue was 
working for close to six hours.' 
Everything from turkey burgers 
to shrimp and veggie skewers got 
cooked on that bad boy. It was 
beautiful. 

Let's talk about how all of my 
roommates went. to play lM bas-
ketball after eight hours of drink-
ing, to the tune of a 50-15 loss. 

But that 's just fine . It doesn 't 
matter about that , yesterday was 
the Broncos' day. 

lti"E'Q(""Ni'f19"'9"Itl""ifii'B""'"@N"fll INDIGO 61/~L,~ 

534-4450 
http://asucsd.ucsd.edu 

Associated Students Elections: 
Be part of the UCSD student government Applications can be 
picked up starting next week on the third floor Price Center_ 

February 1 RIMACArena 
Ticket on ale now 

8pm 

February 9th RIMAC Arena 6:30pm 
Featuring Primus, Blink 182, Long Beach Dub All-Stars and 

Aquabats_ Tix on sale now 

ASUCSD Presents: 50 CENT Drink Special at Round Table Pizza FRIDAY from 3-6pm 

THIS SATURDAY! 
ance Crashers. 

RIMAe ARENA 
g a Voodoo 

7pm 
a dy 

http://events.ucsd.edu/events 
the complete source of ALL campus events 

-

-

-, 

-

-



16 SPORTS 

·"'_"'_N 
.............. -
.., ........... ,., 

...... ',- .. ,..,-.. 
,. ......... ,.,. f. N II~ 
..... "" .... , It _'*" 

N ......... _· 
- John [)way, yesterday 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, January 26, 1998 

The 
Coach 

Tritons Picked Apart By Hawks 
Travis Hili 
It Was a Day of 
Super Miracles 

It was the day of Super Bowl 
miracles, It began carly, and car-
ried on throughout the day, Very 
earl y this morni ng, a certain 
wri ter from a certain starr of 
unbelievable geniuses told me 
that while he was surfing at 
around dawn of Super Sunday, 
he saw not one, but two very 
strange signs, I am not at liberty 
to say what they were, but I can 
say that they could only point to 
a day of weird, mysterious hap-
penings (let me just say that Mr, 
Steve Walsh is not only a reli -
able source, but a large pimp), 
Then, a similar phenomenon 
happened to me, 

My roommates and I ordered 
a keg of Coors from the "store" 
(I'm not at liberty to say which) 
for our Super Bowl party, But 
when we got home with it, the 
beer was not Coors, It was 
something of a much, much, 
MUCH higher quality! Those 
who tasted its rich, succulent 
goodness know exactly what it 
was, 

Anyway, it was at thaI junc-
ture that many people through-
out the San Diego area decided 
that even the Denver Broncos 
could win the National Football 
League's highest honor on such 
a wild, wacky day, 

And what an amazing day it 
turned out to be, It was the day 
that will forever be remembered 
as the day the AFC turned the 
tide against the 13-year domina-
tion of the NFC, the day that 
John Elway finall y got hi s ring 
and the day that the Coach actu-
ally wrote a column intoxicated, 

Not that I want to take any-
thing away from what the 
Broncos did: but hey, as I'm 
writing thi s wonderful column 
to you, 1 am bUllhead-drunk, 

That's not a probalem .. , ] 
mean, problem, Hey, we are 
making journalism histor, here, 
We have now offi cially broken 
every rule that applies to us, 
Integrity menas nothing to me", 
I mean, means, 1 mean, you 
know what I mean, dammit ! 

Anyway, this is the part of 
thi s column where I give props 
to TO, For those of you who 
have been living in an 0 - hem 
cave, TD menas (I mean, 
means) Terrell Davis, This man 
was amazing yesterday, He was 
a superstar, Hell , he was the 
MVP, This guy was playing the 
game of his life, in front of hi 
own fans (he went 10 l incoln 
High), and he still went ver 
150 yards, You want to talk 
about bringing it strong, Mr, 
Davis caIne thr ugh, 

Another man I have to give 
props to i John Elway, Y. ah. 
yeah, he i the big story, he 
finally got hi s ring on his fourth 

See AFC, Page 15 

SPOILERS: Christian 
Heritage rained on the 
Spirit Day fes tivities, 
handing UCSD it fi r t 
home 10 of the eason 
By Kevin McLaughlin 
Co-Associate Sports Editor 

A co llege basketball ga me is 40 
minutes long , Both teams must 
play every minute like they mean 

il ; the team thaI 
loses foc us may 
quickly lose the 
game, 

Maint ai ning 
that foc us as a 
problem for the 
UCSD men's bas-
ketball team 
Friday night, as it 

lost its win streak - and perhaps 
the most important game of the 
season - to Christi an Heritage 
College, 101 -89, 

Maybe it was the rowdy Spirit 
Night crowd, replete with balloons, 
signs for "3's," and more body 
paint than the entire Sioux nation, 
Maybe it was the fully assembled 
cheerleading squad, or the "Pimps, 
Ho's and Gigolos"-allired pep 
band, leading cheers demanding 
"blood and guts," Maybe it was the 
result of playing one of the best 
teams of the season after a long run 
of overwhelmed opponents, 
Whatever it was, it distracted the 
Tritons for a couple of minutes at 
the end of the first half and proved 
disastrous as the team could never 
recover, 

Claire Schnelder/GuBrdlan 
My .... 1: Senior forward Mark Sebek gives a hawkish defender a taste of elbow during the Tritons' 
101-89 defeat, The loss was the end of an ll-game win streak and hurt UCSO's playoff hopes, 

The game was intense from the 
outset. Running a Princeton-style 
high-post offense with pinpoint 
passing and backdoor cuts, the 
Hawks jumped out to an early lead 
from which they would never look 
back, The team shot the ball devas-
tatingly well in the first half, hitting 
58 percent of its shots and spread-
ing the ball well. Forward Beau 
Sager, though he made only 8 of 21 
shots, hit a number of clutch three-
pointers to stifle various Triton ral-
lies and fini shed the night 'with the 
impressive line of 25 points, 10 
rebounds and 8 a sists, But it was-

n' t Sager's statistics that sunk the 
Tritons, 

The Hawks' lead hung around 
10 for most of the first half, and 
that was the margin with approxi-
mately two minutes to play in the 
half, If the Tritons could close the 
lead a little before the buzzer, they 
would face a deficit they could 
surely surmount with their explo-
sive offense, However, what hap-
pened was just the opposite, With 
center Tyler Field on the bench fol-
lowing a bogus charge call to give 
him three fouls, Christi an Heritage 
went on a run of their own to close 

out the half with a 20-point lead, 
"We had a lapse at the end of the 

first half and we couldn't recover," 
swingman Joel Foote said, "I think 
it was the crucial point. At the end 
of the game it was too little, too 
late_" 

The defensive lapse wasn't the 
sole problem in the first half. The 
Tritons shot only 29 percent in the 
half, and made only 4 of 21 three-
pointers, The squad 's 34 points in a 
half was its lowest output of the 
season, and it proved to be too 
much to surmount. 

See LAPSE, Page 15 

The Game Finally Lived Up To The Hype 
BOWLIN': San Diego brought it strong, putting 
on a 'Super' experience unrivaled in recent times 
By Travis Hili 
Spor ts Editor 

It 's the only man-made event 
bigger than a natural disaster 
(thank you, Kevin), You guys know 
what I'm talk ing about... it's Super 
Bowl mania, And thank God it's 
finally over! 

We all thought thi week was 
going to be crazy, but I think any-
one who even approached down-
town, or Mission Beach, or Pacific 
Beach, or even our own track and 
fi eld facility knows that all of those 
expectations were easily surpassed, 

It is amazing 10 think that San 
Diego was even able to hold such a 
mammoth event. I mean, think 
about the groups of people that 

·Th 
Men's Basketball: 
The Tritons hit the 
road with a weekend 
trip against Menlo 
College and UC 
Santa Cruz. 

were here: Packer fa ns by the 
Vegas-slyle lour-bus load, Bronco 
fa ns by the buggy load, celebri ties, 
wealthy businessmen who flew in 
aboard Iheir pri vate jets, the 
Guardian sports groupies fro m 
across the country, NFL executives, 
the carnies who put together the 
NFL Experience and half the bands 
on the Top 40, 

That list didn ' t even mention the 
biggest group of them all : the 
dreaded media, 

l! was amazing how many dif-
fe rent channels broadcasted Ii ve 
fro m different spots in San Diego: 

_ of course NBC brought ils entire 
empire down here. ESPN had at 
least three different shows, Fox 

Ahead ... 
Women's Basketball: 
Friday night at 7p.m. 
the women tangle 
with the University of 
La Verne at RIMAC 
Arena. BE THERE! 

Sports also brought at least three, 
TNT was here, ABC, CBS, MTV, 
Spice, hell, even Comedy Central 
had a show down here, 

We also can' t forget the herds of 
newspaper reporters and photogra-
phers, or the constant blimps and 
planes patrolling the San Diego 
sky, 

Then, there was the game, OK, 
how great was that game? 
Seriously, thi s was one of the best 
Super Bowls we have ever been 
treated to, 

Gone are the days of Jim Kelly, 
Bruce Smith and ThurmarrThomas, 
Gone are the days of the Packers, 
Cowboys, 4gers, Giants and 
Redskins .. , gone are the days of 
NFC dominance, 

This Super Bowl was not only a 
great game, it wi ll be forever 

Tennis.' 
The men and the 
women both go to 
CSU Los Angeles in 
their season opener 
on Saturday, 

marked as a turning point in profes-
sional football history, 

For 13 years, the NFC abso lute-
ly demolished the AFC. Sure, there 
were close game : the Scott 
Norwood fie ld-goal miss that 
doomed Buffalo and the Neil 
O' Donnell interceptions that killed 
Pittsburgh, But the NFC usually 
made it pretty ugly, Now, the NFL 
can have a fresh start, and it can all 
be traced back to the game in San 
Diego, 

I think I made my poi nt : this 
thing was huge and although some 
of us weren' t 21-enough to get the 
full fl ava, that's OK, I think it's 
safe to say that even for the non-
football fans, the Super Bowl in 
San Diego was something that wi ll 
not soon be forgotten", unle s you 
have a keg of Samuel Adam , 

Men's Volleyball: 
This Saturday at 
7p.m" UCSD hsads 
north for a battle with 
the Trojans of 
Southern California, 


