
Elsewhere 
Riverside Student. 
Demand Apologl •• 
RIVERSIDE - The 
Assodated Students of UC 
Riverside apprO'Ved a resolu-
tion demanding apologies 
rrom four newspapers. 
including the Los Allgeles 
Tillles and the Sacralllell to 
Bee, after stori es were pub-
lished ca lling UCR "less 
se lecti ve" than other U 
campuses a ft er admissions 
data was released last 
month. According to 
A UCR Pres ident Alonzo 
Diaz, there have heen 
responses from two newspa-
pers that have heen Icss than 
apol oget ic. 

- The Highlallder 

Students End 
Hunge'r Strike 
MINN EAPOLIS - Eleven 
University of Minnesota stu-
dents ended their eight-day 
hunger protes t las t 
Wednesday at a YMCA lun-
cheon. The protest hegan 
when 27 hunger protesters 
demanded that University 
President Mark Yudof hire a 
fourth professor in the 
Chinese language program 
and create an independent 
department of East Asian 
languages and literature. The 
protes ters allege that the 
Chi nese language program 
has been understaffed for 
fo ur yea rs. Even though 
their demands were not met , 
protesters ca ll ed the hunger 
strike a success hecause it 
called attention to the issues. 
Stcven Roscnstone, dean of 
the collcgc of liheral arts, 
said he was pleased the pro-
testers endcd thc strike and 
that he will continue to wel-
come dialogue with stu-
dents. 

- The Millll esota Daily 

Fraternity Loses 
Status 
BERKELEY - UC 
Berkeley administrators 
revoked the offi cial status of 
the Delta Sigma Phi fraterni -
ty after a pledge fil ed a com-
plaint regarding a hazing 
incident that took place last 
rail. After reviewing the 
complaint , university offi -
cials required the fraternity to 
take out a full -page adver-
ti sement in The Daily 
Californian apologizing for 
the incident and gave the fra-
ternity the choice of remain-
ing on campus and facing 
certain restrictions , or having 
its recognition revoked. 
Fraternity members chose to 
leave campus after dedding 
that they could not comply 
with the university 'S provi-
sions. 

- The Daily Californian 

Spoken ... 
"If I pulled out my 
checkbook to write a 
check, the saLesclerk 
will Look at me, like, 
'You Live in La 
lolla?'" 

-ChrlltJ ....... 
Cross Cultural Center intern 

Vroom, Vroom Speech? Baseball ~ 
A Korean car company tries a Editor debates Men at .500 after ca 
unique marketing strategy to snag proper roLe of the . . . Z ImpreSSive wm 

0 buyers in the United States. paper on campus. over Chapman. 
Features, page 9 Opinion, page 4 Sports, page 20 :IE 

T H E U 

UC SAN DIEGO MONDAY, APRIL 20, 19 8 

Through the Looking Glass 

D~id Lubitz/Guardian 
Reception: Jenessa Bayda studies a radio inside a glass jar as part of an art exhibit 
by Warren senior Chris Gee at the Mandeville Annex Gallery. 

Regents Approve Ralph Cicerone 
As UC Irvine's Next Chancellor 
APPOINTMENT: Cicerone 
worked as a chemist at Scripps 
Institution of Oceanography 
By Ryan Olson 
Co·News Editor 

The UC Board of Regents chose UC Irvine 
scientist Ralph Cicerone to serve as the next 
chancellor of the Irvine campus. Cicerone, a 
nationally acclaimed atmospheric scientist 
who worked as a research chemist at the 
Scripps Institution of Oceanography from 
1978 to 1981, is currently dean of the UCI 
School of Physical Sciences. 

UC President Richard Atkinson recom-
mended Cicerone to the post, and the regents 
unanimously approved the appointment at a 
teleconference on Thursday. 

"Ralph Cicerone is a scientist of great dis-
tinction who has been active on issues of sci-
ence policy at the national and international 
levels," Atkinson said. "Dr. Cicerone is com-

milled to continuing to build the quality of the 
VCI campus. 

"He is a seasoned, effective manager and 
an accomplished fund-raiser," he continued. 
"As a recogni zed Icader on the Irvine campus, 
he is well positioned to lead the campus as it 
enters the next century." 

Meredith Khachigian, chair of the UC 
Board of Regents, said Cicerone is an ideal 
candidate to lead UCI into the next century . 

... ·1 am especially familiar with VCI, and I 
know Dr. Cicerone will be a strong leader 
for the campus," Khachigian said. "He will 
provide the skill and experience necessary 
to add to the many successes achieved by 
VCI under Chancellor Wilkening's leader-
ship." 

Cicerone will take over as chancellor on -. 
July I. He will succeed Laurel Wilkening, 
who announced last September that she 
would step down to pursue her other interests 
such as population growth, the global envi-

See."", Pac. 3 

C 5 D 

VOLUM E 94. I ~ 

Students 
Report on 
Race Issues 
VOICE: Cross Cultural Center 
interns present findings regarding 
'Race and Space' on campus. 
By KI-Mln Sung 
Staff Writer 

"Race and Spacc" was the theme of three Cross 
ultural enter student interns' se lf-initiated 

research studies, which wcre presented at the cen-
ter on Tuesday. Jamila Edwards, Chri sty Phillips 
and Jon Salunga used their projects to explore how 
the UCSD campus is soc ializ.ed and how students 
sce it. 

Phillips, a member of the Sigma Gamma Rho 
sorority, examined African-American sororities. 

The lirst African-American sororities opened in 
mostl y all -white communities. According to 
Phillips, segregation and high levels of hostility 
made li vi ng in sorority houses much safer than li v-
ing with smaller numbers of peoplc. 

In a vldeotapl'd interview, severa l Sigma 
Gamll1a Rho membars explai ned that they joined 
an Afn'can-Amerjean sorority because they felt 
comfortAble lind ~ home with their "sisters" 
because of their members have the same interests 
in serving the community. 

Phillips said one of the reasons why she has 
embraced the Sigma Gamma Rho sorority during 
her college years is because she "can fight for 
women's issues and still be black" through the 
organization. 

Phillips commented that finding a comfortable 
environment is crucial, especially during the col-
lege years. She said that as an African-American 
woman in La Jolla, however, this can be diflicult. 

"This is a hostile environment, living in La 
Jolla," Phillips said. "If I pulled out my check-
book 10 write a check, the salesclerk will look at 
me, like, 'You live in La Jolla?' Whereas if I go to 
southeast [San Diego], people will ask me where 
I' m from and I don ' t even want to say it. You get 
this double edge from black people or minorities, 
and then La Jolla." 

Phillips said representation in the 
Interfraternity and Pan hellenic Councils also poses 
difficulties, since the relativly small number of 
African-American fraternities and sororities 
reduces the degree of representation. 

Phillips said that Sigma Gamma Rho's relative-
ly small size should not necessarily affect its fund-
ing or other forms of support. 

Edwards based her study on A.S. programming 
efforts - primarily dances, movies and concerts. 
Edwards said dances on campus have been 
focused on swing and ska, which may not repre-
sent the interests of all UCSD students. 

According to Edwards, alternative music 
seems to be the main type of music represented at 
concerts on campus. She said the A.S. program-
ming office responded to her request for more 
information on how programming choices are 
made by arguing that R&D concerts are not as 
profitable as some of the other buds thai have per-

See .,...., PIce 7 



2 NEWS The UCSD Guardian Monday, April 20, 1998 

Psychology Study 
Evaluates Stress 

ETCETERA.~. 
SCIENCE: A group of UCSD researchers work to 
figure out the best way to get over stressful events. 
By Anna Valamen 
Senior Staff Writer 

According to an ongoing psy-
chological study led by UCSD 
researchers, reli ving stressful expe-
riences can be beneficial to your 
health. 

Recalling an aggravating event 
20 minutes after the occurrence can 
trigger an increase in one's blood 
pressure, UCSD psychology gradu-
ate student Laura Glynn said. 

If a person 
thinks about the 
event a week later, 
there is lillie or no 
change in blood 
pressurebut only 
provided that he or 
she did the first 
recollection, 
rumination, 
after the 

or 
soon 

event 

blood-pressure response was the 
same as though the event had just 
occurred. 

"In other words, we had two 
groups of people coming back after 
one week," Christenfeld said. "One 
group had already gone through 
rumination, and they showed no 
increase in hlood pressure. 

"The other group, without hav-
ing gone through the rumination. 
showed a big response." 

In other parts of 
the study, different 
subjects were 
asked to perform 
tasks such as walk-
ing in place, which 
also causes an 
increase in blood-
pressure. 

occurred. 
"Once you 

Iruminatel once or 
a few times, you no 
longer get that /'rig 
blood - pre ss ure 
response," Glynn 

"Distraction only 
works If you 
distract yourself 
forever." 

"But if you 
think about it, your 
blood pressure 
doesn't shoot up 
because it's pre-
sumably not an 
emotional task, " 
Glynn said. 

- Laura Glynn 
said. Psychology graduate student 

Although some 
prcvious studies 
showed that dis-The study -

truction from a stressful event can 
also keep one's blood pressure 
from increasing, thinking about the 
event can be a more helpful strate-
gy to combat stress. 

WHAT'S 
..~OUR 
OEAl? 

i 

BRIEFLY ••• 

conducted hy Glynn. UCSD 
Psycho logy Associate Professor 
Nicholas Christenfeld, Psychology 
UCSD Professor Ebbe Ebbesen 
and Cornell University M edical 
Ccnter A ssociate Professor William 
Gerin - was presented last month 
al the annual meeting of the 
Society of Behavior Medicine in 

"Distraction only works if you 
distract yourself forever," Gfynn 
said. "11' you distract yourself for a 
while, you still get a response. Leventhal to Hold Input Sessions 

New Orleans. 
In une part of the study. suh-

jects were asked to do arithmetic 
exen.:ises in their heads whi Ie 
bei ng prompted to rio t h. ' 
faster and faster. Dunng " 
sions, e)(pcrimentt.:rs m01l11 
the subjects' heart rate and hluuu 
prcssure. 

This aClivily resu llcd in a con-
siderahle incrcase in blood pres-
sure. Twenty minutes later, half the 
subjects were asked to vi vid ly 
reca ll the aClivily. Thei r hlood-
pressu re increase w." ahout hal r of 
thai incurrcd by the origina l activi -
ty. 

A week later, thc suhjects who 
had ruminated 20 minutes aJ'tcr thl.: 
acti vi ty, as well as thc subjects who 
had nol, were hoth asked to vivid ly 
recall the experience. 

The group Ihat had done the 
previous rumination task had no 
significant increa,t.: in hlood pres -
sure, while the group that had not 
dOlle the prl.:vious rumination task 
had the same incre,lse in hlood-
pressure increase as the other 
group a week earlier. That i~, their 

"Most people aren't able to dis-
tract themselves for the rest of their 
lives," she added . 

Lea ving unpleasant thoughts 
1. lt,·r can he detrimental to 

health, m:cording to 
t nleld. 
illS is all very preliminary," 

Christenldd said. " But what we 
think we ' re seei ng is that the count-
to- IO rule of anger I a distraction 
st rategy 1 may not work because in 
a week. you can still get worked 
up. But if you think almut it ror a 
little whi k . you can drain the heat 
out of it. '· 

Glynn agreed on thL) henen ts or 
rumination . 

"Thc hig mcssage is that rumi -
nation l:un rL)ally drive blood pres-
su re rcsponses, which in somc 
case~ is us hig as responses as those 
produced hy the origina l cmotional 
event. " she said. "Over time. if you 
do thiS n.:peatcdly, the responsc 
diminishes." 

Thc next slep is tv find out 
whcthcr difrercnt kinds of rumina-
tion produce changes in blood-
prcssure response, Glynn said. 

A.S. President-elect Joe Leventhal will host a num-
ber of sessions this week for students, faculty and 
staff in order to solicit input on how to allocate the 
money in the A.S. executive budget. 

Leventhal said that although he welcomes input 
from all UCSD community members, students will be 
given first priority to speak. 

Leventhal also said that if community members are 
unable to attend one of the sessions. they may send 
him suggestions at inter-campus mail code 0077. 

The sessions are: Monday from 4 p.m. to 5 p.m. in 
Price Center Gallery A, Tuesday from 3 p.m. to 4 p.m. 
in Price Center Gallery A, Wednesday from 3 p.m. to 4 
p.m. in Price Center Gallery B and Thursday from 10 
a.m. to 11 a.m. in the Price Center Davis/ Riverside 
room. 

For more information. call A.S. Executive Secretary 
Anna Mason at 534·4451. 

Four UCSD Students Win 
National Scholarships 

Mathematics major Roland Roeder, chemistry/bio-
chemistry major Melissa Shults, chemistry/biochem-
istry major Barry Smith and electrical engineering 
major Eric Sudderth - all of whom are Revelle 
College students - have been awarded Barry M. 
Goldwater Undergraduate Scholarships. 

The scholarship was awarded to 316 students 
nationally and carries a stipend of $7 ,500 per year for 
the last two years of undergraduate study. 

"The foundation appears to seek well·rounded 
applicants with a proven track record in science. 
math. and engineering and a commitment toward ulti-

mately earning a Ph.D.," Revelle Provost Tom Bond 
said. 

The winners were chosen from Qver 1,200 appli· 
cants nationally and the UCSD applicants were nomi· 
nated through UCSD's Committee on Undergraduate 
Scholarships. UCSD is one of only five schools to have 
four scholarship winners. 

College Democrats to Present 
Forum on Women In Politics 

The College Democrats at UCSD will present a 
forum on women in the political arena on Thursday 
from 5 p.m. to 7:30 p.m. in Price Center Gallery B. 

The forum will provide insight for students and 
community members as to what it is like to be a 
woman in politics. 

San Diego City Councilwoman Christine Kehoe, 
who is running for congress against incumbent repub-
lican Brian Bilbray, and State Assemblywoman Susan 
Davis are scheduled to speak at the forum. 

Free Concert at the Chi Cafe 
Continues Earth Day Celebration 

As part of UCSD's ongoing Earth Day festivities, the 
Che Cafe will host a free concert from 7:30 p.m. to 11 
p.m . on Wednesday featuring the band Monkey Wagon , 
members of Oversoul and the group Allied Sun. 

The concert will take place after the Che Cafe 's all-
you-can-eat dinner from 5 p.m. to 7 p.m. In addition, 
Green Resaurant Association Executive Director 
Michael Oshman will speak at 7 p.m. regarding green 
businesses. 

GUARDIAN II GENEVIEVE COX. Features EdItor JESStCA SCHEPPMANN. ASSOCIate Features EdItor MEGAN KLEIN. Opimon EdItor LUbll1. Jaime MlAdoon-Gomel. ChristoPher Sylvester. KendI. Wal~er. AllISon Wiloo. DESIGNER: Karl Friedman 
TIIO UCSD GUIJf<lrlll1 Is PUOI.ShM MOno31'S and TllurSdUys dUllng the academIc 
year by and for the students of UCSO Reproduclltln of thiS newspaper in any 
form, whether In whole or In part. Without permission IS strictly nrohlbned 
o 1998. all rights IcservC<l rhe UCSD GuardIan IS not respanstllie 101 the return 
of unsoliCited manuscnPts or art. The views eJipressed llelt!.n dO not J"MY.:eSsanly 
re",. ont the op,".ons Of rhe UCSD Guardl8n. the UnlVCrsltv of CalifornIa or the 
Assocrnte(l Students. rhe UCSD Guar<lr"n Is funde<! SOlly by _ertlslng. 
Ryan' We nope you and the nationally r ognlzed PeP Dand had a love~ weekend. 

TERRY LEW. Editor In Chief 
JONAH FRHDMAN. Co·Managing EdItor 

GRACE JANG . Co-Managing EdItor 
TABITHA GRANSHAW. Copy EdItor 

MARC COMER, ASSOCIate Copy Editor 
JUUA IlULU-MADfR. Co-News EdItor 

RYAN OLION. Co-News EdItor 
LHNA SHANKAR. Associate News Editor 

JESSYCA WALLACE. Associate Opinion EdItor 
TRAYIS HIU, Sport" Editor 

JONAH NISENSON, Co·Assoclate Sports EdItor 
KEVIN McLAUGHUN, Co-ASSOCIate Sports EdItor 

ILONA FASS, Co-HIatus EdItor 
scon YAGER, Co-Hiatus Edllor 

CLAtRE SCHNEIDER, Photo EdItor 
BRENDAN CAHILL, GraphICS EdItor 

WALT DICKINSON, Design EdI tor 
NtCK RUNCO, Online EdItor 

IDITORIAI. ASSISTANTI: ChnstlM Schrenk. Enk. Snider 
SENIOII ST." WRmIlS: 0111 Glanzmann. Lindsay Ha<"s. Ma<y Higgins. JelY\y 
Nicholson. Sean Rahim!. Chris Schreiber. Anna Valsman. Steve Walsh. uther 
\\>on 
IT." WRmIlS: Jeff B sell. Kara Carlos, Paul Dodge. Jacob Gordon. Vincent 
Gragnanl. Sellr. Han. Kacle Ju"ll. Matthew KalinowskI. Aimee Mackay. Annam 
Manthlram. Adria McClain. Sara Moos<M. EMn Pin"ll. Chrislina Rhudy. KiW~8 
Sadana. Sara Snyder. Quyen Tu. S. Javan Wl'lIai . Va-Lei 'lang 
LWlTWATOR: Joe A"IllUfo 
1'tIOTOIIIAPMI .. : Dlma Ann. Anarew Cnen. Lisa Hufl. Monlka 1\OllyleI.'M. DfWkI 

COMPUTER SUPPORT: Marcus Lobbla 
ADVERTISING ASSISTANT : Yvetle Alcala. Meloay Gonzales 
CIRCULATION ASSISTANTS: Nick AI,pOur. Julius Chol. Philip Goldman. Nick 
Julius. Greg Lltlle. Eric WOOd 

ANN BAREFtELD. Business Manager 
BROCK HALTER, AdvertiSing Manager 

MtKE MARTINEZ, Advertising Art Dlfector 
JOE PAN. AdvertISing Design & Layout 

JOHN BARBER, AdverllSlllg Design & Layout 
YVETTE ALCALA, Assistant BUSiness Manager 

News/ Features: 534-5226. General Editorlat : 534-6581 
OPInion/ SpOrts: 534-6582. Hiatus: 534-6583 
Advertising Office: 534-3466. Fax: 534-7691 

e·mall : guardian@ucsd.edu 
Guardian Onhne: http://www.ucsd.edu/guardian/ 

UCSD Guardian, 9500 Gilman Drive 0316, 
La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 

Actual Iocahon; Second Roar. UCSO Student Center Butlch" 'A', Rm. 217 
' . 

Monday, April 20, 1998 

Lights& 
Sirens 

Lights and Sirens is a selection of 
entries compiled from the log book 
of the UCSD police department. 

Monday, April 13 
10:05 a.m.: A statt member report-
ed the theft of a white '86 Taylor-
Dunn electric cart from Round Table 
Pizza. Vehicle recovered by owner in 
lot 604. 
U:OO a.m.: A student reported the 
theft of a green mountain bike from 
the Center Hall racks . Loss: $150. 
11:12 a.m.: Officers and para-
medics responded to a 50-year·old 
female non-affiliate who lost con-
sciousness at the Perlman 
Ambulatory Care Center. 
Transported within building by her 
personal physician. 
2:00 p.m.: A staff member reported 
the theft of video equipment from 
Ritter Hall. Loss: $2.000. 
3:29 p.m.: A student reported the 
theft of cash from the Geisel 
Library. Loss: $25. 

Tuesday, April 14 
2:16 a.m.: An officer arrested a 19-
year-old female student at the 
Marshall Residence Halls for being 
a minor in possession of alcohol. 
Cited and released. 
5:52 a.m.: Officers responded to a 
burglary alarm at the Hazardous 
Materials Handling Facility. 
Unknown cause. 
9 a.m.: A staff member reported 
the theft of a '97 San Diego Custom 
flatbed trailer. Loss: $500. 
11:00 a.m.: A student reported the 
burglary of a '95 Honda Prelude in 
lot 305. Loss: $685. 
12:15 p.m.: A graduate student 

REGENTS: 
Chancellor will earn 
$202,500 a year 
Continued from page 1 
rnnment and women's issues. 

Under Wilkening" leadership. 
UCI has prospered . The university 
rcct.:ntly admitted its 1110st qualilicu 
undergraduate class ever. 

Cicerone sa id t hat he hopes 
UCI wi ll continue to grow under 
his steward~hip . 

" It has taken the sus tained 
efrorts of many people to bring 
UC IrvinL) to its currcnt position," 
Cicerone sa id. " I am com mittcd 

reported the theft of a mountain 
bike from the Warren Lecture Hall 
racks . Loss: $350. 
1:00 p.m.: A student reported the 
theft of a bike from the Muir 
Apartment racks . Loss: $100. 
1:10 p.m.: A 43-year-old female non· 
affiliate was reported missing from 
the La Jolla del Sol Apartments . She 
returned at 1:30 p.m. 
3:44 p.m.: A student reported the 
theft of a bike from the Warren 
Lecture Hall. Loss: $450. 
5:51 p.m.: Officers responded to a 
fire alarm at IR/ PS. Caused by a 
child activating a pullbox. 
9:14 p.m.: Officers responded to a 
burglary alarm at University Center 
310. Accidental by custodian. 
9:16 p.m.: A student reported the 
theft of a '94 Ford Probe from lot 
510. Loss: $11,000. 
11:46 p.m.: Fireworks were confis· 
cated from a student at Tioga Hall. 

WednesdaYr April 15 
3:37 p.m.: A 51·year·old female 
non-affiliate fell and suffered lacer· 
ation5 on her lip and face at the 
Price Center. Treated by paramedics 
at the scene. 
9:58 p.m.: A student reported the 
attempted theft of '92 Mitsubishi 
3000GT from lot 102. Unknown 
loss. 

Thursday, April 16 
2:34 a.m.: An officer filed a report 
concerning marijuana use at Tioga 
Hall. 
U:35 a.m.: A student reported the 
theft of a backpack from the Price 
Center Library Lounge . Loss: $125. 
11:38 a.m.: Officers and para-

to build upon th is foundation and 
to make our programs ever more 
attractive ror ~ludents. niH 
research activitic" evcr more di,, -
tinguished and our contrihutions 
to thi~ region cvcn more pmi -
ti ve ." 

Cicerone joincd UCI in I CJ!\CJ a, 
the Daniel G. Aldri ch rru l'e,sor in 
the departmcnt of t.:a rth -sy~tcll1 sci -
ence and served as departll1ent 
chairman from I 989-CJ4 . 

Hi s research centers on at mos-
pheric chcmistry and c1imatc 
change. 

Last year, Cil:cronc was one of 
six American scient isls 10 receive 
a U nited Nations award for 

The UCSD Guardian 

medics responded to a 41-year-old 
female non-affiliate wIlo suffered an 
epileptic seizure at the Marshall 
Provost's office . Transported to 
Scripps Memorial Hospital by para· 
medics. 

Friday, April 17 
12:15 p.m.: A student reported the 
theft of a cellular phone and sun· 
glasses from La Casa yesterday. 
Loss: $210. 
12:30 p.m.: A student reported the 
burglary of a '94 Ford Ranger in lot 
103. Loss: 100. 
4:03 p,m.: A student reported the 
burglary of a '94 Dodge Shadow in 
lot 102. Loss: $140. 
10:31 p.m.: Officers arrested a 38· 
year-old male non·affiliate at the 
intersection of Expedition Way and 
Downwind Way for spousal abuse. 
Transported to County Jail. 
10:31 p.m.: Officers detained a 41· 
year-old female non·affiliate at the 
intersection of Expedition Way and 
Downwind Way for being drunk in 
public. Transported to Thornton by 
officers for medical evaluation. 
11:22 p.m.: An 18-year·old student 
fell and injured her head, arm, and 
wrist at the RIMAC Arena. 
Transported by paramedics to 
Sharp Memorial Hospital. 

Saturday, April 18 
10:45 a.m.: A staff member report-
ed the vandalism of a breezeway 
door between the Marshall 
Residence Halls Rand S Building. 
Damage: $150 

- Complied by Leena Shankar 
Associate News Editor 

rt.:sean:h on rrotel:ting the owne 
laye r. 

Ciccronc h." wrillen and cdiled 
nUlllcrou" proi'es,ional publication, 
alld i, a mt.:llIbcl 01 many ul:acicmic 
dnd rrorc"ional organilatioll s. In 
addi tion, bt.: ha, served ", pre~ idcllt 
of the A llierican Gcophysical 
Union. 

Ciccront.: receivcd hi" bac ht.: -
lor' , degree in elec tri cal engi neer-
i ng from the Massachu ,ett s 
In&litutc of Technology. He 
received hoth his mastcr 's degree 
and Ph.D. from the Universi ty of 
Illinois. 

Ci ce rone's anllual sa lary as 
chancdlor will he $2U2,500. r------ .... ---- , 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

I 
I 
I • 

00 
: SIN(jL~ 
:ca IJCCini 
I with thi s coupon. Ex pires 5/4/98. 
I •• pP ••• O ROnia 

PRICE C ENTER FOOD COURT 

L .. _~. - ~ - - - - - - - - ..1 _. 

NEWS J 

International Studies Abroad· (800) 580-~26 
Spain 

Ecuador 
France 

Mexico 
Chile 

Costa Rica 
http://www.studlesabroad.com 

2,186 
concerts, meetings, conferences, forums, & olher gatherings at UCSD were 
facilitated this year through our Special Events Parking Office-(619) 534-0274. 

,) 
J 

UCSD 
parking.ucsd.edu 

UNIV£ASITY OF CALIFORNIA SAN DIEGO TRANSPORTATION & PARKING SERVICES 

Serving the UCSD pre-medical community since 1985 

* M,D. 's TRAINING M.D.'s-OF-THE-FuTURE * 
• INTENSIVE MCAT preparalion & medical school application/ 

admissions assistance are all we tl Ire're II(){ tikI' the other guys! 
• MeAT EXPERTS: an independent program taught by UCSD-trainetl 

academic M.D'-s. top M.D.-Ph.D. candidate>. & English DqJartment 
Ph.D. faculty. 

• ORIGINATOR uf intensive MCAT prep in San Diego 13 yea r. ago! 

• 9 WEEKS (150+ hours) of detailed in-e lm.s inwuction & real MCAT 
testing. problem solving. reading/writing workshops. review groups. 
med school application & admis ions strategies. & tu toring. 

• 2500 PAGES of originultakc-home review nute>. read ing & writing 
studyguidcs, MCAT & admissions stmtegy handou ts. problcm ets. & 
MCAT-quality timed practice CX,Hns. 

• REAL MCAT TESTING for in-class & take-hnmc practice. 
• DIRECT CONTACT with young UCSD docs & !ned . tuden!>. 
• ,[UIORING. prc-mcd library & mcd school :Ipplication help /ree! 
• ON CAMPUS at the UCSD School of """UIC!'"" 
• $250 LESS than other cou rses. 

~ IU!ifJ 



4 OPINION The UCS D Guardiall Monday, April 20, 199!! 

PINI 

Koala TV and Student Cable Works violate' the copyright of a powerful 
company, forcing the Guardian - once again - to contemplate the 

definition of 'fair reporting'· while attempting to avoid self-destruction 
By Megan Klein 
Opinion Editor 

The G/IIlI7lial/ ran onc of il s mmt exciting head lines last 
Thursday. "Koa la TV Illega lly Airs Pornography" was an article 
containing more controversial news than anyone has seen at 
UCSD in a long time. 

If you happened not to read the article. I'll give you a short sYIl-
Oflsis. Koala TV. a registe red student organization. ran an hour-
long program of cOflyrighted pornography. They gut in trouble for 
th is, and Student Cable Works (5 W). Ihe orga ni zation that regu-
lales sludent-run television, resci nded the groufl 's broadcasting 
right s. Koala TV then withdrew its IIlcmhcrship as a student orga-
nil.ation. 

Thi~ is the kind of stuff the news depart mcnl gets cxci tcd ovcr. 
An "cxciting" cvcnt likc thi s is rare. and il would he an understate-
ment to ~ay that Ihe news editors weren't relieved to ha ve somc-
Ihing ot her than a huri ng regenls' mecting to run on thc front page. 

The Guardian' 
purpo e i 

inforrTI the UC 
to 
D 

omrnunity about 
what happens on 

campu 

But whil e it wa~ almost a " hles~ing" 10 
the m:ws department , there is more co nt ro -
vcrsy 10 the iss m: that lies jU~1 on the sur-
face . 

One ()hVl(llI~ conlrol e l~y i~ thai Koal:1 
TV u~cd slud ' nt -organil<nion fLlllding (i .e. 

~IUlJcnl '; IlIOne) 10 air a \cxua ll y exp li Cit 
program ridu leu \11th oh~ccne language. I 
helieve Ihal I can \ald) .. ay thai a majori -
ty of ~tude nt s wuuld not approve of thi ~ 
type uf acti ity, hUI thi s i~~ ue wa~ ta~en 
carc of when sew reVOKed the gr()up~ 

hroadca~lin g privlkge~ . 
Anot her prohlelll is tlie violalion of a copyright. If the organi -

la tion thai produce~ the video di ~covcrs what happened (whkh 
may he unlikcl , considering that th ' pl\Jgra m only :Iired on the 

CSD campu~ ). Kua la T and. ultimatel y. thc A~~{)clated 
Studenb. could he ~ued lor all a l rociou~ <1l1luu nt of Ilione . TllI~ i~ 
;1 hugl' prohlem. whICh could cau .. e ~tudent ;Ictivilies to I ' nonex -

I~tcnt lor Ihe lie t year or more if it hecam ' a realll Y. 
But deeper infllthis prohlcllllS a cunt mvcr~y invohed with Ihe 

puhli shing of that artkle in the GUlirdilili . During our staff meeting 
last Monday, each scction 's editors di s<.:Ussed 'what they werc run-
ning in the next week . The news sccli on brought up fhe Koala TV 

i ~su~ . TIley, of course, wanted to run <1 story about the most exc iting 
new~ for quite sumc timc. Howcver. many 
people we re conccrned about the copyright 
violation. 

hould we run a pic<.:e that cou Id even-
tually causc the studenls to luse quite a 
large amount of l11oney'! Running Ihe al1i-
cle in the papcr. and more importanlly on-
Ii ne where the corporation cou Id just search 
for its name, could be detrimcntal to the 
uni vers ity. ot only could UCSD lose 
money, hut the uni versity could also ea rn a 
poor repulation a~ thc school thnt lets stu -
dcnt ~ air pornography. 

... 1 can safely say 
that a majority of 
students would 
not approve of 
this type of 
activity. 

The artk le finall y ran , hut the name of the orga ni zati on Ihat 
own~ the copyright to the videos wa~ wi thheld. 

So where do you draw the line on puhli~hin g articles that cuuld 
b· ~clf-dc,truc ti ve'! We are gua ranteed freedo l1l of the pres~ , and 
that is a righ l th at we al Ihe GlIlII tlilili take ,eriously. The 
G,/lllr/illll\ purpme i .. III Inform the CSD commu nity about what 
happen' on call1pu,. It i~ our oh ligation 10 provide our rea(!.;r ... 
e., pec ially ~tudellt s. wilh infoflllation ,Ihout a ~Iudenl organi/ation 
that I~ ~pcnding Iheir money. 

De<.:iding nOI to pUhlbh Ihe namc of the copyright owner bUI 
~ I ill running Ihe article was t1 good choice, yel Ihere i~ ~till a ri sk. 
Anyone a~ .. m:iat \:u with thc copyrighl owner in San Diego Cl'uld 
read the article. and then in ve~ ti gat c Ihc i~~ue to discover I~ ho~c 
copyrighl Wil'> vio lated. 

It i~ a deli 'ate ~ ubjel:l. but it was a ri~~ ~ e had to take. It i\ a 
new~paper\ dllty and purpo~e to inform ih reader, - covering Ufl 
and Ignoring va lid ~lOrie~ i~ wrong, even if puhlishing puts it~c l f 
and ()Iher~ at ,t linancial rbk . While <.:e l1ain mea~ures can he laken 
10 try and reduce Ihe damage. ~h()cking ~torie and potent ially 
damaging artidc~ need to be publi~hcd if a new~pi1per is going 10 
fu lli ll it~ purpme - providing informal ion to its reader~ . 

Monday, Apri I 20, 199M The UCSD Guardilill OPI 10 5 

ADVICE TO STUDENTS REGARDING NEWLY ELEC.TED OFFICERS 
Editor: 

On behalf of thc Assm:iatcd 
Students Coundl. I wou ld like 10 
thank a II Slllde nt ~ who voted in the 
reccnt A.S. eIcl:t ion~ . Thl' VOleI' 
turnout far surpa~~ed last year~ ' 
lurnout and abo exceeded thc ::0 
flercc nt margin neelIL:d for the IXt~­
sage of the ill\: rea~e in the call1flu~ 
acl ivity fcc. 

In addition , I really appreci ale 
those students who voted for Ihe 
increase in the ca ll1flus studenl -
aClivity fcc. Thi s iJ1(:rease is a 
necessity for th e Associaled 
Studcnt s to function effecti ve ly in 
upcoming ycars. Without thi s 
increase, vital servi<.:es, represen -
tation and programming could 
have faced funding cut s. I encour-
age you to lohby your A.S . 
Counci l ne xi year to put the 
increase to good usc. 

I have full faith in President -
elc<.: t Joe Levcnthal anu Vi ce 
President Finanl:c-clect Pat Ru to 
usc the incn:ase in the I'ce for the 
betterment of campus IiI'\:, increase 
in eampu~-wide programming. 
increase in funding for studenl 
organizalions. and more support of 
co llege counci Is. 

As students, yo u e lected 
Lcvcnthal and Ru. so now Ict them 
know what you want , how you 
want it and where they shou ld 
spend your money! In flar! icular. 
Ihc recommendations from the 
Quality of Life Survcy suggest that 
the A.S. increase he lI sed to 
improve the qualil Y of life on cam-
pus. 

I implore the new coum:i I 10 
expand Winterfest. start a fall fes ti-
va l in conjunct ion with the 
Homecoming weekend, and 
increase funding 10 UCS D student 
organi zations. 

As the current, and soon to he 
[)ast. vicc presidcnt finance, I 
belicve that it is important to ~olic­
it student input hefon: making any 
dec isions where thc ncw money 
will be Sp~llt ; the surv.:y r.:~ults 
ment io ll programming and student 
organizati ons. This shou ld hc the 
priority uf the new counci I in addi -
tion to other student concerns and 
necds. 

This is your money. studcnt 
money; make surc that your rcpre-
sentalives sflcnd it wise ly. It ha~ 

hcen a pleasure servi ng as yo ur 
vi<.:e president linanee; thank you 
for the support. ideas and conccrns 
yo u have expn.:ssed to me. I truly 
hope that I ha ve made a dilTercnce. 

Tony Fiori 
Vic/' P H'.\·idell{ Filltllu '(' 

Different Answers to 
Minority Questions 
Editor: 

I u m wri t i ng in response to the 
questio n~ rai sed by Dana Zurek in 
regards 10 the issue of "minority" 
admissions in the UC sys tem . 
Besides attclnflling to answer the 
fo ur ques ti ons, I would like to 
take thi s opportunity to di sc uss 
various as pec ts ~lI1d common mi s-
in lerpretati ons regardin g th e 
iss ue. 

First ques ti on: Who is the 
majority" 

Tn n:gards to uni ve rsity ad ll1i ~­
sions at 1110st cainpuses. it apflcars 
that whites arc th c m;ljorit y (t hough 
Asian Americans are not far behi nd 
and are not con~idered underrepre-
~en ted by th~ UC ~ystem). 

Personall y. I bclieve the terlll 
"minoril y" is u problt:m atic onc 
because of changing demog raph-
ics , particularly in thi s state. Whcn 
disCllssing majority and minority 

i~sues, it is impurtant to state what 
type (i.e. ethnici ly, gender) and in 
whal context (i .e, university 
;Ium i"ions, EO,. genera l popu -
lation J. 

Second quc~ li on : Why i, it right 
to di scriminatc again~1 the majority 
in the C system" 

The primary ohjection to alTir-
lII al i ve action is that it eillphasizes 
race ovcr Ihe comlllon measures of 
merit (G PA & SAT. scores). This 
a s~umption is un warran teu and 
inaccurate as are many pcrceptions 
and measure~ of meril , which is thc 
academic worth ur intrin,ic qualit y 
of an individual. 

In the realm of educat ion . Ihere 
arc llIany factors that contrihutcs to 
and withdraw from the achievc-
ment of academic merit needed to 
attend a UC campus. How can yo u 
compare a San Diego inner-cit y 
sc hool with La Jolla Hi gh '! Why i~ 
it that factors , uch as wherc one 

reside~ and wh,t her or not one b 
the offspring of alumni or a donor. 

A small group of vacationers brave inclement 

weather to stay at the newly renovated B&B, 

Monkswell Manor. Trapped on a remote estate 

with a homicidal maniac, the guesb mu~t play 

cat·and-mouse with the murderer in their midst. 

III 
lIathl Chrlsde 
......... 
1 ••. I.rn 
---Icsa'llrIII ... lcllrs 

IIICU'I 
...... Willi Fe,. SbIIIII 

lid 11-l1li111 
11 ... _1 .. 

...... nI ••••• I ........ .. 
....... all 5 ••• 

\ ' ~ , 
' " r 

" " 

Letters t~~ Editor 
The Guardian welcomes letters from 
Its readers. All letters must be no 
longer than three pages, typed. dou-
ble·spaced and signed. Letters must 
also contain a phone number. We 
reserve the right to edit for length 
and clarity. Letters may be dropped 
off at the Guardi an office Oil the 
second floor of the Old SWdel1! 

. Center. Send all letters to: 
The Guardian 
Opinion Editor' 

9500 Gilman Dr. 0316 
La Jolla, CA 92093·0316 

Fax: (619) 534·7691 
e-mail: guardian@ucsd.edu 

can he con~ iden:d and nol e'thn ici -
IY'} 

Affirmative action doc~ Violate 
the principle of cqual Ireatlllcnt 
and Ihercfurc. has the capabi lity to 
di sc riminate against IhOSt' who il 
dlJe~ not :Issist. Many choose 10 
call thi s "reverse discri mination," 
possihly im plying it should on ly 
be directed at women and fleoplc 
of color. Affirmalive-action pro-
grams di scriminate to indud..: 

Ih()~e who have heen historically 
exc luded. 

Fcw acknowkdge the fael Ihat 
~oc i..:t y ha ~ heen ~tru c tured 10 
henci'it the white male hy socia l 
engineer ing simil ar to atTirmali vc 
action. This is known as the New 
Deal , GI Bill , price supports for 
fanners . tax hreaks for th.: 
w..:.ilth y and various govern ment 
cn till emcnts and hai lOUI S. 

B e ,ide~ early raciali/ed hellci'it~ , 
racisill and discrimination was 
required hy law for hundreds oj 
yea rs. 

No program ca ll ..:vc r make up 
for past wrong~, hUI il can he lp pre-
vcn lthose flroblems frollimuni fest-
ing themselv..:s in th.: present. 
Prcf"erence for groups or indi vidu-
al, i~ a basic concept of thi COlln-
try\ history. 

The letter to which I am 
re,ponding referred to arlirmat lve 

action as racism. I helieve this is an 
overstatcment ; aflirmat ive action 
docs not kill, rape, nor pcrsecu te 
unybody socia ll y, culturall y. Ill' 
economi<.:a ll y. 

To an~wer the ,.:wnd qu..:stion. 
I do not n ..:ce~saril helic"..: it i, 
right to discrilllinate. but in thi s 
ca,..: I do not bdieve il is wrong. 
Rather. I feel it is e,scntial to 
prugre" the ~ocial ~tatu s of wOlllcn 
and pC(lple of 1:0101' in a slx.: icty that 
Ilas been hi storicall y structu red to 
henefit white male,. 

Third question; b il righl to cir-
cUlll vent these laws (i .c" SP- I, 'P-
2 & Profl. 209) and givc prefercnce 
indireclly,! 

Again . I do not ncccssari ly 
bdi\:ve il is right to circumvent 
law, but this is an unjust law that 
arises from a process that cr.::ated 
the un constituti onal Prop. I M7 . 
Uni ve rsities will try to increase 
their di ve rsity regardless of what 
the law might state. With Prop . 20') 
in clTecl. many quali!'ied stud 'n ls 
may choose 1101 I, ) allcnd UCs sim -
ply hecause they arc ~o unuerrepre-
sC l1lcd. 

Fourth question: b it a reali,tic 
and worth while goa l to have the 
racial makeup of every UC he an 
cxact replica of mainslream soc i-
ely'! 

Reali~lic'! Probah ly not. 
Worthwhile? Indeed. The lIct:e,s to 
power and va riou~ in~titution~ hal. 
heen nwnopoli/cd Itlr ~Iuit e ,omc 
tillle. Most students wi ll adlllit they 
arc h(:r..: at CSD in order tn ga in 
accc" to socia l mobility. and not 
for th.:re love of knowledge and 
uni vers it y life. In contrasl with 
Daml Zur.:k, I do nOI believe some 
pcople arc given "top priority" Jill' 
th.:ir skin co lor, nor do I think thai 
th l: ht'ncrits uf increasi ng elhnic 
minority enrollmenl arc onl y "skin 
deep." 

In higher education , therc wi ll 
always he qualifi ed students who 
ar..:· ucnied adrni~~ion becau,e of 
Ihe lack of spaces avai lahlc . The 
tough (k cis ions that admi ssions 
coun~e lo rs lIIake rarely amount to 
di~c rim inal ion and eerw in ly do 
not amounl to oppression . The 
pursu it of di ve r~ily <.:an onl y benc-
!'it the quality of higher educati on 
hy prcs..: nling va luc!>, customs and 

idea l ~ mto a ,ys tclll that has hcen 

large ly dominaled by Euroccntric 
culture. 

The fo llowing is from the mis-
sion statemenl for the Uni ver,i t)' of 
Californi a: ·-rh..: Uni~ersit ha~ a 
histori<.: <':oll1l1litl1lenl. " to encom-

pas~ the cullural , geographic. e<.:o-
nOlllic anu !>lll:ia l divcr"ty of 
California itselr." Ii apflear~ that 
the UC Regellis forgol to r.:wri te 
th..: mis"on ,wtellleni of the uni -

vcr~i t y when Ih 'y voted 10 elimi-
nate anirlll ati vc ac ti on. 

Luis Esparza 

Koala Comments On 
Television faux pas 
Editor: 

I am writing in regard to Jenny 
Nicho lso n's article " Koa la TV 
Illega ll y Ai rs Pornograph y," 
which app.::ar.::d in the Apri l 16 
issuc l I' the G,II/rdilili . As I ha ve 
heen involved wi lh Tlte Koalll for 
nearly four year~, I I"cel it nel:e~ ­
sary to air Illy views on thi s whole 
sordid taIL:. 

foirst, as Ms. Nicholson failed to 
mention until the very last ,entcnce 
of her article, Koala TV is not rclat r 
eu to Tlte KlIlIllI newspaper in any 
way. Back in '')6. when the show 
got started , they asked if they l:Ould 
usc our nallIc. We said, "Will your 
flrogralll he ohnoxious and disgust -
ing"" They ,aid yes. So we said 
okay. 

On a persona l level . I have 
mixeu I"ce ling~ ahout Koa la TV's 
~ 11l:nani ga ns . We at Tlte KIIlIllI 
encourage our affi liates to subvert 
social norms as often a, is practi -
cally possible. So 1 applaud the TV 
clan for doing something lIlorally 
and culturally rcprehensihle, like 
airi ng a full and uncensored porno 
on CSD\ very own cahle nct -
work. 

However, J must shake my lin-
gcr al them for pulling a numsku ll 
move liKe failing to get pcrmi~sion 
from the copyright owner herore 
running Ihe damn thing. 

But hey, once agai n, the Koala 
has earned its reputation ror being 
UCSD's most outrageous black 
sheep. Because reall y, who wants 
to be part of the !lock '! 

William Skinner 
Former Editor ill Cltief; 

The Koala 

Make a splash this summer. 
Summer Sessions at CSULB! 

.-----Three Summer Sessions: -------, 

-

I . 
II. 
III 

· ... June 1-July 10 
· .. June 22-July 31 
· July 13-August 21 

• Over 1,200 day and evening courses to choose from 
• Earn units toward your degree 
• No formal admission to CSUlB required 

It's not too late to register' 
Call (800) 963-2250 ext, 60001 for your free bulletin! 

What's Hot? http://www.uces.csulb.edu/Summer 
email: summer@uces,csulb.edu 



6 OPINION The UCSD Guardian Monday, April 20, 1998 

AUTO 
SERVICE 

DARWINIAN IDEAS EMBELLISHED 

Service Guaranteed 
MOST POPULAR 

SERVICE CENTERS 

Honesty is Our # 1 Priority 
Complete auto repair, all makes and modefs 

European • Japanese • Domestic 
Approved leased vehicle service. A5E certified for: 
• ENGINE REPA IR AND PERF ORMANCE D IAGNO SIS 
• A UTO TRANSMISSION/TRANSA XLE 
• M ANUAL TRANSMISSION/CLUTCH 
• SUSPENSION AND STEERING 
• COMPLETE BRAKE JOBS 
• ELECTRICAL/ELE CTRONIC SY STEMS 
• H EATING AND A IR CONDITIO NING 
• C OMPLETE M AINTENANCE AND SCHEDULED SERVICES 

& more. Call 'or an appointmentl 

-------, Mention this ad and receive a 
35-PT_ COMPLETE I 
TRAVEL & SAFETY I 
INSPECTION 
$65.00 value! FREE I 
--------

Castrol Motor O il 

FREE 
TOWING 
Call for d e tail . 

r 5 min.".. from UCSOI Take La Jolla Village east, it turns info Miramarl 

7998 MIRAMAR ROAD, SUITE B 
888-5-FIX CAR/S&&-7SS2 
Fox: 566-7S53 • OfIfN 7 DAYS A WffK • Mon.-Sot. 8:00 -6:30, Sun. 9-6 

What's on the Coupon Page? 
Thursday's Coupons in The UCSD Guardian. Call 534-3466 for Info. 

Editor: 
In stati ng Ihal ce ll s ~ J'~ too co m-

plex to be explained hy evolution 
in the April 16 i ~suc of the 
Guardian. Luski n et al. are r.:i terat-
ing the argumen ts of Mich~cI Behe 
(author of Dar win :1' Black 80.\ ). 

Anyone interested in the "argu-
ment from ignoram:e" (" I c~n ' t 
imagine an intermediate, ~o it must 
not be there") should have a look at 
~ome n; iews of thi s bouk, ~ tarting 
at h//p://wlVlV./alko/'ig ins. 0 rg!f1l4s/ 
hehe.llllll/. 

I am wi th Luskin et al. in think-
ing that ce llular hiochemis try 
appea rs irreduci hly complex; I cer-
tainly cannot counter thei r argu-
ments (years ago, I also found 0 -
chcm pretty d ose to irreducihly 
co mplex. hut fin all y made it 
th rough in summer ~c ho() I ) . I can 
only note how similar th..:y are in 
fo rm to argument~ ahout any num-
ber of other I1 iological phenomena 
e.g., the eye (whi ch Darwin used as 
an cX~lllple) . 

BUI fa i lure to fi nd an intermedi-
ate i, not proof that intermediate, 
do not exi~t (w i t n e~~ HOlI/o /wbili.l· 
except yo u won't he ahle to at the 
Insti tute for Creati on Research 
(lCR), where th is "i n t ermedi ~te" 
hetween wh~ t ICR w nsiders ape-
like all.I·/I'alopilhl' l'ill l'.I· and "mod-
e rn" HOlllo erecru.I· somehow got 
forgotten in their di splay). 

When the same basic argument 
keeps heing invoked over different 
phenomena as the borders of scien-
ti lic know ledge expand, one has to 
wonder about the underlyi ng phi lo-
sophica l premises. No space fo r 
that here; AN BI 175 deals with this 
sort of th ing in the context o f 
human evolut ion. As for hiochem. 
rL!ad Behe and hi s cri tics. 

Jim Moore 
A.I'.wci£lle Pm! (!,\'.I'Or, 

Alllhmpology Dl'par(III t'll t 

CRUSH THE LSAT 
WITH 

TESTMASTERS 
o 

The TestMasters LSAT Course Includes: 
• 80 hours of live, In-class Instruction 
• Instructors who have all scored In the 99th 

percentile on the actual LSAT 
• Student helpUne open 25 hours each week 
• Licensed use of all real LSA T questions 
• Four fun-length proctored diagnostic tests 

Competitive cost - $950 

, 
"'r " " 

Letters t~g Editor 
Zoo Article Presents 
Faulty Ideas 
Editor: 

The Guardian ran an opinion 
css~y by Jessyca Wallace on March 
9, purporting that keeping and dis-
playing animals in capti vi ty is bad . 
Unfortunately, the arti cle contained 
,L!veral errors of fact and logic that 
make in-depth understanding of the 
issues impossib le. 

Ms. Wal lace's statement that 
"humans have documented every 
aspect or every species of animals 
known ... " is fal se and un informed . 
There are species of animals we 
ha ve yet to di~covrr, much less 
understand. What we know about 
animals today is a small part of 
what we ha ve left to learn . 
Scient ists cont inue to di scover 

inform~tion about ~ nima l s , much of 
it through studies of animals in cap-
ti vity. Were this not the case, insti-
tuti ons such as UCSD and Scripps 
Institution of Oceanography would 
not include zoo logical research 
facili ties and staffs. 

Ms. Wallace also stated that 
humans should refra in from "med-
dling" in species conservation. The 
tru th is that hu man beings arc the 
only li fe form on Earth whose 
ac lions and ~cli v iti es impact all 
uther life forms on the plant. As 
stewards of IhL! planet, hum ans 
often must make management deci-

sions that affect other life forms. 
Any dec ision that favors one 
species ol'ten is made at the expen,e 
of another. Therefore. in order to 
make the best management deci-
sions' it is necessary to acquire all 
the knowledge that can be amas,ed 
about the species involved. 

It is n~ive and unrealistic to 
th in k we can learn about and 
understand the 'other Ii Fe forms 0 0 
th is planet without hringi ng these 
species in to capti ve and laboratory 
envi ronments. Not only doc cap-
ti vity allow us to study certai n 
as pects of these species that would 
he impossible to in vestigate in the 
wild. but it gives humans a prox im-
ity to these species that might oth-
erwise be unobtainable. 

Only when humans have a com-
plete comprehension of other species, 
can they make judicious management 
decisions benefiting the environment 
and all it s inhabitants. Decisions 
made in the context of ignorance arc 
not only likely to be foolish, but most 
certainly will h~ve a serious negati ve 
impact on our planet. 

We have found that personal 
encounters wi th anim~ l s at Sea 
Wurld help people establish a spe-
cial hond with marine animals. 
Perhaps j ust as importantly, these 
em;oun ters help each person under-
sta nd the importance of acting 
responsibly and respectfully with 
regard to our environment. The ani-
mals at Sea World allow researchers, 
schoolchildren and guests to learn 
many things about mari ne liIC and 
potential hu man imp~ct on it. 

The people who tight to elimi-
nate captive display of ani mals are 
seeking the end ur the very institu-
tions tli at led to the level of aware-
ness and compassion which compels 
these people to seck thei I' demi s~ . 

J im Antrim 
Gel/eral CumlUl; Sea World • 

Logicon has a Blockbuster idea! 

·ENGINEERING· MATH· mMPUTER SCIENCE 
Make the most of your education, Imagination and abilities by joining the 
loglcon team. We bring innovative ideas to the formant, In a small team 
environment where your opinions will be heard and appreciated. 

logicon, a subsidiary of Northrop Grumman Corporation, provides advanced 
technology systems to support national security, civil and industrial needs. 
As a leader In tomorrow's technologies, we can offer you a huge spectrum 
of projects and locations. 

Sign up at the Career Placement Office today, for a session that will be music 
to you rears! 

If you can't meet with us on campus, please send your resume to: Logicon, 
Inc., Professional Staffing, Dept. UCSO, 222 W. 6th St., San Pedro, CA 90731. 

Visit us at: www.logicon.com 

LOGICON 
A SubsidiMyofHorttwopG"nnm~ 

[qUIt Opponunity Em". MlflDfV. U.s. Gtizfmhip rrquilfll. 

Monday, April 20, 1998 

INTERNS: 
Salunga discusses 
role of the co-ops 
Continued from page 1 
formed in the past, in terms of I,;()s t 
and audience turnout. 

Edwards abo said that the A.S. 
progra mming offi ce tuld her th~t 
due to recurd I,;o mpany limitati ons. 
R&B groups arc ge l1 L! ra lly limitL!d 
to 45 minu tes of pl ay pa concert . 
However, alternati ve hands can 
play for doublL! the time at thL! s ~me 
rate. 

Edwards said she helieves that 
maj ority ru le should not ru le out 
the plu ra lity of mi nori ty students 
who seck representation in A.S. 
programming. Ultimately, she said 
the soluti on to the problem would 
be for groups to pay more money to 
hear their desi red music. 

''Thi s is sti II not an answer to 
the prob lem of why people of color 
and minority students who are 
underrepresented have to go make 
the efforlto people who techn icall y 
work for us," Edwards said. 

In addi tion, Edw~rd s ' study 
concluded that the Guardian Hiatus 
sec tion is more like ly to cover 
alternative hands than R&B art ists. 

Salunga pe rformed his study on 
the Gcnl.:!ral StorL! co-op. Which he 
said is ra ther di stanced fro m Olhl.:! r 
student organizations. Salunga sa id 
the distance is evidence of how a 
wide spectrum of iSSUL!s and inter-
ests arc c1e:1Ved throu ghout the 
UCSD campus. 

According to Salu nga, the addi-
tional physic~ 1 s prc~d i ng out of 
student organizations takes aw~y 
from interacti ons and knowledge 
students would otherwise have if 
thei r groups we re somewhat closer 
to one another. Salunga said th at 
wi th groups spread around cam pus 
- from the Student Center to the 
Cross Cultu ral Center, and the 
cubicles in the Price Center - stu-
dents have to travel f~ r and wide to 
fulfi II their interests. 

Salunga said that all student 
organi zations were once centered 
around the Stude nt Center. There 
they interal.: ted closely and could 
not conveniently avoid parti cular 
issues. Salunga also said his study 
found th at dL!centra l i 7. ~ t i on has 
resulted in reduced in teral.: tion and 
a decrease in know ledge of cam-
puswide students issues. 

1Y.,1ook lit .... 
........... r.ad 

wonder who I. In cIuIr,., N.xt y .... , It 
could be you. Yea, 
you could be the 
... xt ....... 

editor In chief. Ev ... 
If you __ 't the 

.... ..., ...... type, •• 
hay. p .... ty of other 
positions .v ........ . 
lend your r ........ , 
cov.r I.tter end 

Nmpl •• of your work 
(If .y.II ..... ) to: 
n.. uc.D ,..,..", .. 

Attn: T..." Lew 
1100 Gil ...... Dr. 031. 

Le Jail., CA 12011 

Do It todey. 

The UCSD Guardian NEWS 7 

3 Rai rs of color 
DISPOSABLES 

Free color variety packs for light 
or dark eyes when you buy 12 
pairs 01 FreshLook clear 
d isposabes. (6-mo. supply) 

Exam, follow-up, solutions, $14 9 
6 mo. of FreshLooks® Clear, 
3-pair Rainbow variety pack. After Mfrs ~O rebate 

DAILY WEAR EXTENDED WEAR 

$89** ~99** 
COMPLETE 2 PAIRS B&L FW 

··ALt 'Peciat, include len,." exam, eyecare kit and follow up vi,it. 
A,tigmatic I.n,e, higher. Not val,d with any other off ... 

ROBERT HlLlI. , 0 .0 . • SlEVEN TAYMAN , 0 .0. 

COSTA VERDE CENTER 
8650 GENESEE AVE. Su. 220 
(619)452·7374 

FASHION VALLEY CENTER 
NEAl SAkS FtfTH AVENUE (619)295·0537 

Olf." •• pi,. ~ /30 /98 M·f 10·7 • SAl. t 0·6 • I' v """I SUN. t 1·6 

You're Invited! 
An MeAT Open House 

Join us for the followin'g FREE events! 
~ Meet our MCAT experts. 
~ Attend special MeAT workshops. 
~ Work through subject-specific MCAT passages. 

San Diego Kaplan Center 
4350 Executive Drive, Suite 305 

Saturday, April 25 
11am-2:30pm 

Call for details! 

KAPLAN 
1-800-KAP-TEST 

www.kaplan.com 

There is no second opinion. 

iii 
Q) j 
(5 
u 

~ 
'i 
:::E 
c 
~ 
·c 
Q) 

~ 
'0 
c g 
!!! 

~ 
CIl 
« 
CIl 
£; 
'0 
-l!! 
'" E 
CIl 
'C 

~ 
'C 
Q) 
Q; 
Ui 

.~ 

'" 
.!!l 
~ 
~ 



8 CALENDAR 

T_dly, April 21 
• The SIn Oiego Film Ftlttv.1 will be presenting "Klnl • 
AdIms" at 8pm III Mandeville Auditollum Cost is $4 lor 
students, 56 general admission, 

Thurld.y, April 23 
• The San 0le90 Film FtltlY.1 will be presenting "Short 
Night" at 8pm in Mandeville Aud,tollum, Cost IS $4 lor stu· 
denis, $6 general admiSSIOn 

Sllurday, April 25 
• W,lh thell rhythmIC, beautllully rapturous musIc and theal· 
IIcaUy vibrant dance performances, Gamel.n Sekar J.y. 
Is acclaillled in the Inlernatlonal press as ~he finest gamelan 
orches~a oulside of IndoneSia." ThiS stunningly bllll,ant com-
pany 01 mUSIcians and dancers perform In speclacularly 
elaborate masks and slriklngly colored coslumes al 8pm tn 
MandeVille Audllorium. Cos I is $t2 lor sludents, $14 Sr. 
cllizens, and St6 general admiSSIOn, 

Mond.y, April 2()' Saturd.y, May 16 
• Vietnamese Cu~ural Concert . VSA needs your help!!! Lots 
of people needed 10 dance, aCI, elc Please conlact Mtnh at 
manguyen@ucsd.eduformore Info. 
AcademiC Services 

Tuesday, April 21 
• Dep.rtment of Bloengl~ing Advising and Inform. 
tional Meeting , 1:30pm 5101 Englneellng BUilding 1 for 
Bioengineering, Bloenglneellng: Premedical and all Pre· 
Bloengineellng Majors 
OngOing 
• Is lhe Subject A eKam making you crazy? Well do some· 
thing about K, The OASIS Wr~ing ProgramoHers workshops 
thai will prepare you lor the Sublect A eKam. Visit us on Ihe 
thlld lloor of Center Hall or call 534·7707 lor more inlorma· 
tion. 
• Remember when school used to be lun? Well it can be 
again The OAStS WrHing Program oHers one· to· one wril · 
ing conlerences lor UCSD undergraduales Daily hours 01 
opera lIOn are Monday Ihrough Fllday from 9:00 am 10 4 'OOpm 
on the Ihlld floor of Cenler Hall. Call 534·770710 schedule 
an appointment 
• Does school get 10 Ihe way 01 youl SOCial life? We ll II 
shouldn't. The Oasis Wr"ing Program offels weekly Walk· 
shops to enhance your lime managemenl and study skills 
V,SII us on Ihe Ihlld 11001 of Cenler Hall 01 call 534-770'1- fOI 
more information 
• The OASIS unguage Progr.m IS now scheduling ap· 
po,nlmenls lor Spring quarter weeks 2-10, Monday·Fllday 
from 9am-4pm. Thele are services In Spanish, Flench, ESL, 
as well as conlenl and COIl"!lOSltlon sessions lor a Wide range 
ot courses, Workshops and individual conlerences are avail· 
able, appoinlmenls are necessary. 534·1477 or 534·7707 
Localed In Center tiatl, 3rd lloor, 

HEALTH & nTNESS 
Ongoing 

• IndIYldul1 Fitness Assessment· al RIMAC every Mon & 
Wed, 5·8prn, No appoinlment needed· walk In to the Well ness 
Room, 2nd lloor, A FREE sludenl servICe provided by Slu· 
denl Health Advocales! Call 534·2419 lor more inlol 
• HEADACHES!!I Who needs 'em? V,S,I Ihe Headache 
Clinic al Sludenl Health and gel help I No charge 10 regiS' 
tered sludenls. Call 534·8089 lor your appoinlment. 
• Stucllnt He.lth is here 101 YOU! We're a tutl service clinic 
open to ALL reglslered sludents, You don'l need health in· 
surance to use our seNlCesl Appo'ntments lor physiCian VISrts 
and specialty cltnics . call 534·8089. Walk ,n 10 Urgenl Care 
weekdays 8am·4:3Opm, (Wed, 9·4:30pm) 
• Emergency Conlraception, annual eKams, STD leSIS, 
pregnancy tesls, birth control prescnpltons, & health educa· 
tion . all al Women's ClinIC, Sludeni Health. Call 534·8089 
lor appl Complelely conlidenlial- always I 
• FREE anonymous HIV testing al Studenl Heallhl Walk in 
10 sign up allha Health Anne~ , IIIsllloor Ouesllons? Call a 
health educalor aI534·3874. 
• Get cer1itied! CPR and Firsl Aid lralntng courses Ihrough· 
oul SPllng Ouarter al Studenl Health by Red Cross Inslruc· 
lors. Each course is $10 for Ihe class _$10 lor lelerence 
book · or pay $25 lor both courses and bookl Sign up al 
SHS Heallh Ed 2nd FlOOrl 
• Free Cholesterol Testing al Siudeni Health · sign up al 
lhe Itrslilool bullelln board for your appointment. 
• Don't Go in the Ocelnl Alleasl nol unlll you've had your 
Hepalltis A shotslll you surl 01 sWim in Ihe ocean, consider 
Immunizallons 10 proieci your health, Two shols · 6 monlhs 
apart · S50 each. Walk In 10 Studenl Health M·F 8· 11 am; 
Wed, 9·11am. 
• GET PUBUSHEDt Health Beal IS a sludenl publlcallon 
locusing on health Issues. New slaff for 98·99 year ale be· 
Ing reclulled! Articles now being accepled · call Anna al 534· 
1824. 
• Sludent Health Advocate plovide Peer Education Pro· 
grams on NUtflllon, HIV, Fitness, Siress & olher loprcs· al 
your res hall or sludenl olg meellngs! Call 534·2419 for Inlo 
on Ihese FREE proglams! 
• Low Co.t Pharm.cy· Over· the·counler Items (cold medl' 
cines, anlaclds , bandaids, vllamlns, skin care produCIS, sun· 
screen, contraceptive producls, contact lens products, elc,) 
atl al discount prices! Localed In the fllsl IlOOr of Sludenl 
Heal"', Open M·F 8am·4:3Opm, Wed. 9am·4:30pm, 
• Attenllon all Soulheasl ASian Women 18.: Gel a lree bone 
.eln, c.leium supllements, .nd inform.tion tod.yl 
Check 10 see how strong your bones are and find oul your 
fisk lor OSteoPO'OSIS. For Inlo call UCSD OSleoporosls Pro· 
gram 657·6672 

• Come rreellnl'l and AmerICan sludenls and jOin Inl'l Club, 
Upcoming evenls Include karaoke nighl wllh sushi . Padre's 
game, lye·dye, elc , , , Location: Int'l Center Louge aI6.3Opm, 

Wedne,d.y, April 22 
• Need holp on your personal stalement? Come 10 C.C.M. 
(Chlc.nollLatino, for Cre.tlve MedicIne) gener.1 bOdy 
!Meting al MTF 273 at the Med School aI6:3Opm, 

Wednesday, April 23 
• Armenian Sludents AssOClallOn A Night of ~brance· 
A,menlum Genocide Symposium Wllh speakels, mUSICians, 
and video p'esentatlon. 7pm atlhe InlernatlOnal Center. 

Thur.d.y, April 24 
• tnlormllton T.ble· In lhe PrICe Cenler • Armenian Slu· 
dents AssoclallOn Will be commcmomtlng Almenlan Gena· 
clde by handing oullnlo Iram Ilam·3pm 
• Food lor the Soul A nlghl 01 cultural eKpresslon al Cross 
Cultural Cenler from 6·8pm Come parllClpate or just to lis· 
len. Raffle for all parllClpanls· cash p"zes, books, gift certlfl' 
cates. Sould Food calered by Shelman's. tnlo· Calt 534· 
4731 Warren COllege Dean's OffICe 

Ongoing 
• Leslllln, Gay, IlileIUlI, Tr~ Aaaoclltion meels 
every Monday al 7pm ." lhe Graduate ASSOCiatIOn (neld to 
A,S Lecture Notes), Of stap by .nd say to when our olhce 
door • open (lilowe SolI ReseNeI) Come out and ~t 
01"' people! ALL II. wetcome! 
• AASU (African American Student UnIon) general body 
meelrngs every MIonday at ClOSS Cullural Cenler 6·l!pm Ev, 
eryone IS welcome II For more ",'or stap by AASU offICe be· 
htnd Putse In PrICe Center Of caN 534·2499 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, April 20, 1998 

• Lesblanind BilelU.1 Women'. Group. Come shere and explole women oriented Issues In a sale and supportive environment! We meel 
every Tuesday Irom 7·8:30pm al the Womens Cenler, Building 407, Sponsored by Psych and Counseling Services . For more inlo call 534· 
3755, • 
• Our'anlc .tudln every Wednesday 7:30·8:3Opm al Cross Cultural Cenler. Our'anlC chaplers are read and in lerpreled in English, The 
meeling IS led by a very knowlegable person, Muhammed Nasser. Lasl Ihirty mlnules ale lell lor queslions and discussion. Everybody is 
welcome Sponsored by Musltm Siudeni AssoclallOn al UCSD, 
• Checkmll. Chess Club meellngs al Pepper Canyon Lodge every Saturday from 3·5pm. Come ptay. All skill levels In.iled. The only Ihing 
,..,U need to bring IS yours ell! 
• Undargradult. Gay and Biaelu.1 Men'. Support Group meels every Wednesday 7·8:3Opm In Ihe Inlernallopnal Cenler Conlerence 
Room. An inial mal drop-In, safe and supportive peer enVllonmenl where guys can ask queslions and diSCUSS Issues. Sponsored by Psycho-
logICal and Counseling ServICes 534·3755 

Mond.y, Aprit 20 
• Graduat •• tudy In public policy: Meel a representalNe Irom USC's Public Policy and Heatth Adminlslralion Program at Ihe Career 
Services Center I 2pm· I :3Opm, 
• Interested in public policy & public administration? Hear represenlalt.es from UCLA, UCS, and SDSU discuss cUrllcula and admls, 
slons clltella lor the II glduate programs In publIC poliCY and public admmlstrallOn, Learn how 10 be a compelrt ive applicant. 2:30pm althe 
Career Services Center, 534·4939 
• P.ychology Student Revolution. Revolul lonlZe your PsychOlogy e~perience l Coma and make new Illends, attend j,eld IIIPS , meet slafl, 
and professors In a Illendly almosphera 4 30·5:30pm al San Franclsco/Sanla·Cruz Conference Rooms (Price Center) . 

Tuesday, Apr il 21 
• Counseling careers in educational seHings: Learn how graduate programs In school counseling , school psychology, career counseling 
and sludenl aUalrs In higher educallOn can prepare you lor a counseling career In educallonal se"tngs Gellnlornnatlon on graduale schocl 
oplions, applying 10 graduale proglams, and career opportunilies. 2.3Oprn al Career Services Cenler . 534·4939 
'Women's Heanh Seminar, The UCSD Women's Heallh Seminar SEries will present a speCIal seminar entitled 'Chronic Pain Manage· 
men( . The seminar will begin al6pm In lhe Center lor Molecular GenetICs Seminar ROom on Ihe UCSD School of MediCi ne Campus and Will 
be preceded by lefreshments at 5:30pm. 

Thursday, April 23 
• "Lelderlhlp & Management Seminar: How to .pply your leadership .kills 10 the job market," ThiS seminar Will address whal il 
means to be an effective leader and how Ihese skills Iransfer 10 careel opportunilles In managemenl AI price cenler Gallery A Irom 3·4pm 
Sponsored by SOLO, 

Ongoing 
• What's Love Got To Do With It? This coed diSCUSSion/support group lor both graduale and undergraduale sludenls, locuses on Issues 
relaled 10 beginning and maintaining romanliC relallonshlps, Led by Linda Young, Meels Mondays, 4:00 10 5:30p,m" 1003 Galbraith Hall. 
Slarts March 30, 1998 Siudenis should call Linda, 534·3987, lor inlormallon and 10 sign up ior Ihe group. 
, Bereavemenl Group· ThiS group IS deSigned lor students who have eKpellenced the dealh 01 someone significant. Led by John W u, Meels 
Flldays, 2 30·4pm, allhe Revalte Provost's Building, John Wu's offICe, 
, As ian,American Community Forum: ThiS Inlormal drop· In group is deSigned 10 address the concerns 01 ASlanfPacffic Islander studenls 
al UCSD In a supportive and problem· solving almosphere. Issues such as caleer and academIC success, lamlly pressures, culluralldenllty , 
and re lallonshlps are poSSible 10p1CS, Feel lree 10 bllng your lunch! Led by Jeanne Manese, 534·3035 , John Wu, 534·1579. Meets Flldays, 
12:00 10 I '30p.m , Cross Cullural Cenler, 510 UC (near OH,ce 01 Grad. Siudies and V's Arts Bldg) 
• Latino/Chicano Support Group: Family, parenls, economiCS, Illends, relaltonshlps , cullure - all the above are themes that are e~plored 
lowald lhe goal 01 gradualion Irom UCSD. Wednesd ays, 2'30 10 4:30p,m .. Hall Dome Lounge, MUll College, Led by Re ina Jualez, 534·3875 
and Dan Munoz. 534·025 1. 
• Campus Black Forum: Campus Black Forum is an inlormal galhellng where we invlle open diSCUSSIOn and e~change ideas, gllpeS, 
accomphshmenls , quesbons and concerns on any 10pic relevanl lo the lives and eKperiences of people 01 Alflcan Descent. It is a place lor us 
10 connectwllh olher sludenls , stall and lacu~y al UCSD in a casual, supportive, communtty almosphere. Led by Linda Young 534·3987, and 
Michelle Boutte' Burke, 534·4905, Call lor Inlormalion, Fridays, 4:15-6 p,m" Cross Cultural Center, 510 UCntr. (Near Office 01 Grad. Studies 
and Visual An Buildings) 
'Alcohol & SUbstance Abuse Support Group: If you ask yourself rt you have a ploblem, or II you know you do, learn ways 10 gel back In 
control 01 your hie. Fridays, 2:00 to 4:00 p,m" Hall Dome Lounge, Muir College. Led by Dan Mur.oz , 534·0251 , and Tana Pagel, 534· 1725, 
, Men's Group: This group for upper diVISIOn and graduale sludenl men will diSCUSS Inlerpersonal relalionship challenges including mainlaln· 
Ing Independence In close relationships With women, anger controt. and gUilt, Sponsored by Psycholoclal & Counseling Services. Led by 
Byron Bloemer, 534·5981 , and Ron Lane, 534·0250, Meel Thursdays, 1·2:30pm; 1003 Galbrailh Hall. Call Byron or Ron 10 sign up. 
, Eating Awareness Workshop: This lour week sesSIOn workshop lor women Will provide a sate and accepllng almosphere for member 10 
bogln 10 p.Kplore Ihelr relahonshlp wllh food, develop heallhler attlludes and feelings lowards food , and weight. Topics Will include body Image, 
self·esleem, nul filion, anger, assertion, perfeclionlsm and coping wi'" stress, Led by E.tlng Dilorders P_ Counlliors. Sponsored by 
Psychological and Counseling Services. Slarts Friday, ApIII 101h, II :30am, 1003 Galbraith Hall. Call Beverly McCreary 534·3585, or Barbara 
V,v,no 534·0589, 10 sign up, 
'E.ting, Body Image and Relalionships: ThiS group is for women who habllually diet, binge, and purge, The focus will be on eKploflng Ihe 
undellYlng Issues relaled 10 Ihelr relallonshlp wllh lood. Topics will include developing coping skills 10 manage slress, building sell·esleem, 
increaSing awareness and e~presslon of leehngs , underslandlng the body and how illunC1lons, and e~ploring lamllydynamics, Sponsored by 
Beverly McCreary 534·3585 and Barbala Vivino 534·5989. Call Beverly or Barbara 10 sign up lor Ihe group, Meels 9:00am Wednesdays, 
1003 Galbl.,lh Hall. 
• GeMin' IliAsserlt.eness Training: An 8·week workshop series will help you gel whal,..,u wanl oul ot relalionships (friend, roomnnale, roman· 
IIc, elc.) Assertiveness training, social sktlls, slress, anger managemenl and speclallopics. 4·5:30pm, Wednesdays at lhe Women's Cenler, 
Led by Michelle Boulle Burke and Ehzabelh Walkel. Call Michelle 534·5905 to sign up. Sponsored by Psychological and Counseling Sel' 
vices. 
, P.rent Support Group: Being a parenl and a sludent at UCSD IS as challenging as lile can be! ThiS group Will ol1el a 10lum lor parenls 10 
gel togelhel, share and learn Irom each olher as we navigate togelher Ihe dehghtful and yel nol so placid walers of parenlhood. 12· lpm, 
Wednesdays allhe Women's Cenler. Led by Reina Juarez, 534·3875, Sponsored by Psychological and Counseling SeNices, 
, HaVing roommate problems? Need 10 bleak your lease early? Is your landlord nol making Ihe necessary repairs? Haven'l gol your securrty 
deposil back? Come 10 Ihe LandlordiTenanl Workshop on Thursdays from 2·3pm, Call Student Legal Services at 534·4374 lor more 
InformallOn. 
• Car,eer Advising for U~dergraduate and Grlduate Students : Lei eKpert career advisors at the Career SeNices Cenler (CSC) help you 
Identlly careel opportunities Ihal malch your goals, IntereSIS and skills . Gel your resume C"tlqUed , e~plore potential careers, learn how to 
network and oblain valuable caleer Inlormallon. Dlop In adVISing: Monday·Friday I :30·4pm, Morning appls, available , Call 534·3750, For 
more career inlormatlon, check out CSC's webslle al Mp:ffwww·csc.ucsd.edu 
~ Job & Internship Listings .t CSC : Reglsler al the Career Services Center (CSC) 10 access lhousands ot on·campus and olf·campus Job 
listings on·hne. Apply earty lor Inlernshlps, summer research plograms, co·ops and summel camps , Company inlornnalton including videos, 
annual leports , producls blochures and newsletters are available on the 2nd lIoor . Call 534·3750. For more informal",n, check out CSC's 
websile al h11p1/www·csc.ucsd.edu 

Monday, April 20 
• "Female Masculin"y" presented by Jud"h Halberstan of the L~erature Department. Located allhe Cross Cullural Cenler al 4pm 
Sponsoled by SCience Siudies and Women's Center. 

Tuesday, April 21 
• Dr, JernSlfom Will hold an Inlormat diSCUSSion , With a question and answer peflod on breast cancer and young women. The diSCUSSion Will 
lake place allhe WOmen's Cenler, 407 Eleanor Roosevell bungalows, 2·3pm. 

~ SCflPPS Insl11ulion Researcher Discusses S.n Diego'. Co.,t.1 Ecosyslems . The Birch Aquallum al Scripps Institution 01 Oceanography 
IS sponsollng an evening leclure lor lhe pubhc by SCflPSS researcher Paul Daylon Irom 7·Bpm on lhe Scripps campus al Ihe Sumner 
Auditorium. For more inlo. call 534·6945, 

Thursday, April 23 
• "Environment.1 Racism in Soulher Cal~ornla : Suburbanizatlon and WMe Privilege" presenled by Laura PUlido, Post doctoral Fel· 
low, Elhnlc Studies Dept. UCSD. Sponsored by lhe Center 10/ Ihe Study of Race and Elhnlcily and Ihe Ethnic Siudies Department. 12prn al 
the Cross Cullural Cenler, 
• "O.-r Theater and Social Theory: Cholo Jato" p,esented by Jose Esteban Munoz, Department of Performance , New York UnNerslly. 
Sponsored by Ihe Cenler lor Ihe Siudy 01 Race and Elhmcity and Ihe Elhnic Siudies Department. 12pm at the Cross Cullural Cenler . 

Friday, April 24 
• "Environmental Vi.io", lor $;on Diego County: A Conference In Honor of John Muir College's 30th Anniversary", AI Pllce Center 
Ballroom A Irom 8:3Q-5pm. For more InlormatlOn please call 534·3589. All are welcome 

Friday, April 24-June 20 
• "Eight on the Edge: New Architecture in lhe West", an eKhlblllon which eKplores lhe cunlng edge archileclure being buill In Ihe weSlern 
U.S. will be on view In Ihe University Art Gallery al UCSD The elghl archilects wlllleC1ure on Ihell work al Spm In Mandevile Audllollum, A 
recepllon wlil iollow lorm 7 30·9pm In Ihe ga llery For more lOla call 534·0419. 

Monday, April 2 T 
• SANDtPAC ,pe.ker: IdoAharoni from Ihe Israeli Conselale speaks aboullhe 50 years of Illendship belween Ihe United Siaies and Israel. 
AI Pr ice Cenler Gallery B 110m 6:30· 7:30 pm. 

Monday, April 20 
• BIMb.1I VI, SOUIhern Cal. College at rllion Baseball FI8Id al3pm 
• Men's Go" VI. S.n Diego Go" Ac. demy al Toney Pines Gall Course allpm 

Monday, Aprit 2()' ThursdlY, April 24 
• SOLO Vendor F.lr: Showcase of vendors seiling both manufactured and handcrafted Items, Library Walk Irom 9am-Spm, 

Tuesday, April 21 
• De.dline l0 sign up tor lhe AII·C.mpus Volleyb.1I Tourn.ment. SIgn up In College Dean's OffICe in co ·ed learns (3 men/3 women) Enlry 
lee IS S2ipelson, EnjOY a lun·lliled day ol lood, musIC, and fun on MUff Field. 

Thursd.y, April 23 
• T.ke Our DlUghlen to Work pay IS a nallOnally observed day, an opportunity tor you to share a day on lhe fOb with a spactal young person 
In your life. Join us lor a luncheon on lhe Gree, behind lhe ERC AdmlntSlrallon BUilding al 12pm. RSVP Cynthl. Gooden al 534·6892. 
Saturday, "Pili 25 
• Art c'mpuI Volleyb.1I Tournament Come enjoy a day 01 volleyball, food, and lun MUIr Field Irom 9am-3pm 

Monday, April 27 
• MIn'. T...,1e WI, PI, LOIIIII NK_ .t MUIf' Ten",s Courts at 2pm 

Ongoing 
• SIn DietO Film FeatlY.l · Maridevl"e AuditorIUm, Spm Films change. call 534·.090 lor mole Into 
• Want 10 gel a headstarl on lhe weekend? Gel In on lhe e~Cllemenl allhe B.llroom D.nee Club'. Fun Sea.lons

' 
Every Friday Irom 3· 

Spm, ." the North Balcony of lhe Mlln Gym II' s Iree • no partner 01 experience reqU1ledl 

Monday, April 20, 1998 The UCSD Guardian FEATURES 9 

Daewoo, a South Korea-htUed nwtor company, wiLl tal:qet 
American coLlq;e c1tuden.tJ with itd 'Ride~al1d-BllY' pro..gram 

PhOto courtesy of Daewoo Motor Co , 
Nublra (above) is about the size of a Ford 
Contour, The Lanos (top), the size of a Ford 
Escort, is the least expensive model. 

Photo courtesy of Daewoo Molar Co. 
Daewoo Chairman and founder Kim WOO 
C,hoong hopes to generate automobile 
brand loyalty from American college 
students, whom he perceives to be the 
largest untapped market source in the U,S, 

t is spring quarter, whkh means midterms, irresistible provided that he has no criminal record, said Jae Chan Park, 
hours of sun and some of Ihe worst imuginahle cases of Presidenl and CEO of Daewoo Motor America (Central), Inc. 
seniorilis. We fourth-year students (Iiflll-, sixth- or For the long-term test-drive, effective slarling irr June, poten-
even seventh-year, for some) stand now at a criti cal li al customers will be given alleast six monlhs to "test-drive" a 
junclure, hard pressed to choose bel ween career and car, provided Ihat the test-drivers fill oul weekly surveys and 
graduate school, among a million other things - all partake in promotional events, Drivers are not required 10 pur-

the while wondering, "But, how willi get there'!" chase the vehicles, Park said, 
You've always wanted a car of your own - preferably new, Daewoo, however, will select the potential cUSlomers for Ihe 

bUI we all know Ihal beggars can'l be choosers, No one knows, long-term tesl-drives, targeting campus "trend-scllers" and 
this beller than college students, right'! Well, Daewoo Motors major "decision-makers," such as popular athletes and studenl 
Inc. , a South Korea-based car company, also D ~ hit. ~ body representatives (Further qualilications 
recognized that college students are primari - .1' 01 t e LOll-/!- el m do apply ; however. the drivers muSI have 
17 a used-car crow~, he,avily indebted after tec1t drive effiective dean driving records, no criminal files or 
lour to five years of tUition, books and heer. J •• hislory of drug abuse), 
BUI the company plans to sell students new c1tartin-l} in June, When asked whether he would mind the 

L PR work , A. S. President-elect Joe Leventhal cars. In an effort to simultaneously revitali ze 
the parched Soulh Korean economy and gain 
a foothold in Ihe United States market, Due-
woo will launch a Ihree-car lineup (the 
Lanos, the Nubira and the Leganzaj, in 
Augusl complele with a "ride-and-buy" pro-
gram largeting mililary servicemen and co l-
lege students. 

Chairman and founder of Daewoo Kim 
Woo Choong plans 10 sa lvage Ihe weakened 
economy in parI by amassing large surpluses 
Ihrough increased export. Daewoo plans 10 
sell 2.5 million vehides annually and stri ves 
to be one of Ihe lap 10 international auto 
manufaclurers by 2000. 

To eS lablish ilse lf ;\s a lrue global player, 
Daewoo "musl be in America to gain our 
goal," said Daewoo Motor America Presi-
dent W H, Kim in an inlerview wilh the LOJ 
An!leles nilles, 

Rather than spend large sums of money 
advertisi ng on TV and in newspapers, Dae-
woo plans to generale publi eily for its cars 
Ihrough the "ride-and-buy" campaigns, said 

potentia clutomer'tj jokingly responded, "Nol al all. Exploit me," 
'IL h' "This line of cars delinilely looks like il 

Wl e gwen at could appeal to college sludents," he conlin-
leadt Jix n'lOnthd to ued, on a serious nole, "II seems like a greal 

program, I would really look forward to lesl-
driving it to sec how Ihey were able 10 design 
a car Ihal looked Ihis styli sh at such a rea-
sonable price, II does look like il \.:Quid com-
pCle ri ght there with Toyota and Honda, yet 
it 's less lexpensive]." 

((tedt -drive 1J a cali 
provided that the 

tedt drivel(f fiLL out 
weekLy c1urveyc1 and 

partake id 
promotionaL eventd. 

Driv.erc1 are not 
required to 

pllrchtlJe the 
vehicieJ, Park c1aid. 

Indeed, Ihe Leganza bears much resem-
blance to the Toyota Camry and Ihe Honda 
Accord, bOlh of which Daewoo bench-
marked when developing Ihe Leganza. 

Although the cars have not yel been 
priced, Park says Ihat Ihe cars will run from 
about $ 10,000 to $20,000 each, wilh the 
Lanos being Ihe leasl expensive, In Puerto 
Rico, Daewoo is selling Ihe Lanos hatchback 
from $9,895 to $ 11 ,825 and the sedan from 
$ 11 ,299 to $13,299; the Nubira sedan from 
$14,495 10 $16,095 and Ihe Leganza sedan, 
from $ 19,950 to $2 1,050, according 10 Mark 
Rechtin ofAulomoti ve News, 

Chainnan Kim, The money Ihat would have heen spent on tra-
diti onal means of adverti sing will be allocaled into a hudgelthat 
provides "an actual opponunilY" for customers to test the cars , 

Why College Students? 
Acknowledging the strong competition in Ihe United Stales 

m;trket, Park says that unless Daewoo - a newcomer to Ihe 
loughest market in the world - conCentrales ils limiled 

re~otlrces in a specific area, it will fail 10 make an effeclive 
impact. 

The year-long program will lake a two-pro nged approach in 
Ihe form of a short-tcrmiesi-dri ve and a long-terrn lest -drive, 

The short-term test-drive will each be one week long, carried 
out from the individual Daewoo locations and operated on a rou -
tine hasis. In principle, anyone can be a short-tcrm lesi -dri ver, 

Daewoo hopes to 1:lrget I ()(),OOO customer and retain more 
. See DAEWOO, Page 10 

Story by Grace {t1;'!:fh S~f!,ior Staff Writer 



10 FEATIJRES The UCSD Guardian Monday, April 20, 1998 

Part One of Three: ConcerfUJ over Car Maintainence 
You Don't Have to Be a Mechanic 

By Kac:le June 
Staff Writer 

In a Ihree-port ,feries ('ol/ce,."illl( 
the i.I'SIIt'.f of car lIIuilllerlllnce. staff 
writer Kucie ll1ng discus.l·e,l· with Ihe 
eX/Jerts ,f,e preventive steps driver.\' 
can ,ake in //Iuintaining their car 
and ensuring Iheir (lWII safelY 

Maintenance is a consistent 
source of stress for car owners. The 
financial drain, concerns over safe-
ty and problems regarding repairs 
can cause owners to make mistakes 
when handling their car concerns. 
A discussion with experts regard-
ing safety and maintenance is a 
good source of information for 
these important issues. 
WIuIt You Need to Check: 

According to Master, Automo-
live Mechanic James McCoy. who 
works in UCSD's Central Garage, 
there is a lisl that should be fol-
lowed to keep your car can;fully 
maintained. 

Checking your oil is perhaps the 
easiest thing to do under the hood. 
After every other till-up, remove 
the dipstick from the oil tank and 
wipe it clean, thcn insert il back in 
and remove it again. The dipstick 
has notches indicating whcther the 
oil level is low or high. If it is low 
then add oil. Always keep one 
unopened quart of oil in your car in 
case your enginc does not have 
enough lubrication. Rememner. 

DAEWOO: 
Company to battle 
Korean reputation 
ContInued from ...... 
than 40 percent of them, 

"Collegc students will be good 
spokespeople because Iyoul are the 
generation with the longest future." 
Park said. "You will probably huy 
four to live cars in your lifetime 
and. with today's trend, perhaps 
eight to 10, if you change I your 
carl cvcry four to live years. We 
cxpect that hrand loyalty will be 
devclopcd to your lirst car." 

However. Roosevelt sophomore 
Genelle Gaudincz is skeptical. 

"If I liked the car, yeah, nut just 
because thcy gave me a car for a 
while would not make me that 
moved to stick with them." 

Daewoo is currently in the 
process of developing a loan pro-
gram, the final details of which 
have not yet heen disclosed. Chair-

once the quart of oil is opened is 
start s to degrade because oil con-
sists mostly of additi ves, which 
deteri orute with time. 

Check the battery to make sure 
the cablcs arc attached securely and 
free of wrrosion. Check the elec-
trolyte level and be sure to monitor 
the ballery for clean connections. 

Check your brake fluid monthly. 
Wipe the dirt from the brake master 
cy I i nder lid. Then take off the 
retainer clip and remove the lid. If 
the fluid is low then add the correct 
type of break fluid and check for 
possible leaks. According to 
McCoy, the brake fluid should be 
changed every two years for best 
anti-lock service. 

Check the anti -freeze/coolant 
level weekly. Never remove the 
pressure cap when the engine is hot 
or the pressure bui II up by the car 
running will explode the coolant 
onto you. Fill the reservoir with a 
50/50 solution of pennanent anti -
freeze and water if needed. 

Check your windshield washer 
reservoir and always keep it full. 
Use your own discretion when 
deciding to change your windshield 
wipers, Wipers have a varied life 
span and some only last for a cou-
ple of years. 

"I have seen some windshield 
wipers last for over 10 years," 
McCoy said. "It is the owner's 

man Kim did reveal that the loan 
term would last several years , with 
a two-year gra\.:e period, "so that 
college students are comfortable to 
start out with and to pay back." 
Is Daewoo different? 

A few students initially balked 
at the thought of buying a South 
Korean car, given Hyundai's repu-
tation for being "the lemon of 
lemons." as one student put it. 

" I would test-drive the car just 
because it would get me around, 
but given the reputation of South 
Korean cars. I probably wouldn 't 
buy it," Gaudinez said. "But also 
because I'm biased for European 
\.:ars. But [cateringlto college stu-
dents with the Iride-and-buy pro-
graml is a good idea because free 
things work with college students." 

A few Korean American stu-
dents. however, said that ethnic 
pride and, to some ex tent national-
Ism, would compel them to buy a 
Daewoo. 

"Being a Korean, I'm more 

.. 

When going in for 
car repalrtl many 
people worry that 
their ignorance in 

car repair 
technicalilw will 

make them 
vulnerable to 

mechaniu'tlcarrM. 
choice to decide when to change 
them. When you can't see through 
your windshield anymore, then it's 
probably time to change your 
windshield wipers," 

Rercatedly check all lights on 
your car, Head, tail, brake and tum 
lights are invaluable for driving 

sympathetic to their plight." said 
Mark Lee. a student at San Francis-
co State University. "It's all about 
'jung' fa Korean term used to 
describe a sense of kinship. mutual 
care and understandingl. As a 
Korean I would be more under-
standing and a little more forgiving 
of their situation. It 's K.P. [Korean 
PrideJ ." 

However. another Korean 
American. whose name has been 
withheld upon request, disagreed , 

"No disrespect to my people. 
but if a car sucks, it sucks," the stu-
dent said. " It doesn't mailer if it's 
Korean or German or American. 
I'll just have to wait and see how 
Daewoo builds up its reputation." 

Daewoo recognizes that it has to 
work harder to dispel popular 
notions of Korean cars. 

"It is a challenge to people's 
existing perception that they 
wouldn 't expect the same perfor-
mance in a car from Korea," Park 
said. "But, with the same perfor-

and need to be in working order. 
Along with the lights. check the 
hoses and belts th .. t connect all 
parts under the hood. According to 
McCoy, damaged belts and hoses 
are the most common cause of 
breakdowns in cars. 

Always check around your car 
for puddles of any kind because 
this will indicate a problem with 
your car. Try to locate where the 
liquid is coming from. what color it 
is and how much of it there is to 
make it easier when you take it in 
for service. 
Servlclnc Your Car: 

When going in for ear repairs. 
many people worry that lIieir igno-
rance in car repair teChnicalities 
will make them vulnerable to 
mechanics' s.cams. Here are a few 
precautions to take to reduce the 
risk of danger. 

Always listen to how your car 
runs. If there are funny noises that 
were not there before. stay allentive 
to the problem. Keep a mental note 
concerning the circumstances 
under which these problems take 
place. When you take your car into 
a garage explain what you have 
been noticing. 

"Learn enough about your car 
so the service writer does not dance 
you around," says McCoy. "You 
are entitled to talk to the technician 
if you feel you need to, and always 

mance and good quality of an 
Accord. at the right price, Daewoo 
will [distinguish] itself, We won't 
daim the premium that Accord and 
Camry enjoys. We understand our 
position as a newcomer, and we 
have to start from the bOllom. Kia 
learned from the mistakes of 
Hyundai and Daewoo will also 
learn, but not just from companies 
101' the lower end]." 

Daewoo distinguishes itself in 
brand image, perception and, most 
importantly, Park said. the process 
through which customers come to 
know and try the products. 

In striving to establish an image 
for itself, Daewoo has established 
as one of its mottoes to be a "phi-
losophy of globalization Lthatl tran-
scends race." 

According to Park, all three 
models have surpassed American 
safety regulations and have more 
than met standards set forth by the 
Environmental Protection Agency 
(EPA). In fact, Park says, Daewoo 

stand your ground." But, as the 
owner of your car you have the 
responsibility of knowing your car. 

McCoy also stressed the impor-
tance of reading the owner's manu· 
al of your automobile. This bound-
ed pamphlet is invaluable, depend-
ing on your car value and if would 
be beneficial to know how your car 
functions. Also, by learning about 
your car this will familiarize you 
with the generalities of your car. 
and you will have a beller idea of 
what the mechanic is saying when 
he tells you the problem. 

Along with familiarizing your-
self with your owner's manual, 
knowing your mechanic's level of 
experience can be helpful when ser-
vicing your car, Talk to friends and 
co-workers and ask where they go. 
Discuss the pros and cons to tind a 
good shop. Receive as much feed-
back as possible belore taking your 
car into the garage. The Automobile 
Club of Southem California (AAA) 
has a toll-free number tor Auto Clun 
members in search of a trusty 
mechanic in California, Nevada and 
Utah. Call (800) 628-2582. 

There are also places on campus 
that can help students in thei r 
search for a mechanic. Libraries, 
newspapers and word of mouth 
recommendations can help you 
find the mechanic that is right for 
your car. 

models meet standards of a higher 
caliber than the EPA - that of the 
California Air Resource Board 
(CARB), whose regulations "cover 
more quality (in car engines)." 

"Daewoo is beller than other 
carmakers in that we are challeng-
ing the established practice. the 
established status quo," Park said. 
"We will bring sound, hcalthy com-
petition to the market. 

When asked how Daewoo 
would distinguish itself from 
Hyundai , former Chairman Tae 
Gou Kim responded, "I am hesitant 
to talk about our friendly competi-
tor [butl the quality and value of 
Daewoo cars are different from 
others." 

Daewoo will establish four sep-
arate regional operations in Los 
Angeles, Atlanta, Chicago and 
New Jersey and plans to set up a 
location in San Diego this fall. 

"I think even the name itself, 
. Daewoo, ' for the American buy-

See DAEWOO, Page 11 

Eye Allergies? Are you ready to take your graduate school 
admissions tests? 

GET AN EDGE. 

• ••••• ••••• .~ .. ~. 
Scripps Clinic, Di vis ion of Opthamology is conducting a research study for 
itchy, watery eyes. Participants must be: 

• 18 years·or age or older 
• Allergic to cats, weeds or grass 

Participants need n t be experiencing symptoms now. 
Qualified volunteers-will be paid. 

Call the tudy Coordinator, at 619 554-9604. 

[®] SCRIPPS CLINIC 

ODjy The Princeton 
Review offers you: 

• Great Instructors 

• Small Classes 

• Personal Attention 

• Free Extra Help 

• All I.ive I nstruetion 
(no tapes or vidl'l)s) 

'RBVJBW 619-558-0500 
1-80Q-2-REVIEW 

CQUrse Starts 
LSAT - APRIL 25th 
GRE· APRIL 26th 
GMAT·MAY2nd 

Monday, April 20, 1998 The UCSD Guardian 

The Editor's Soapbox 
Psychic Alert: I've Got a Bad Feeling 
That Newt's in for a World of Hurt 
By Kevin Mclaughlin Co-Associate Sports Editor 

When I heard that Newt Gin-
grich was going to be the key 
speaker at the commencement 
ceremony 'this June , I negan to 
feel funny all over - like when 
you discover your carefully 
parked bike isn' t in the rack any-
more but was stolen - that sink-
ing, nervous feeling . 

I like to think that I am one 
who is plugged into the world. I 
know what's going on around me, 
and sometimes, I am even capable 
of predicting what will happen, 

I'm part alcoholic and part 
clairvoyant. Thus. the intense 
adrenaline rush I got when I heard 
the news that the Speaker of the 
House is gracing us with his pres-
ence was easily interpretable. 
Something big is going to happen, 
and it won't be pretty. 

It all came to me very dearly 
one night, like the voice of God 
speaking. Only it wasn't harps and 
halos; ·it was more like an Oliver 
Stone picture. Fast forward with 

• me now to the late afternoon of 
June 14. 

Newt and his entourage have 
taken over a couple tahles at 
Porter 's Pub and they arc getting 
preny rowdy. 

The Speaker's nerves had been 
seriously shaken during his 
speech, and he is in dire need of a 
couple pints to calm him down. 
Some Muir sophomore, still in a 
delirious stupor following post-
tinal fiestas , had started shouting 
obscenities from the cor!1er of 
RIMAC Field wearing nothing but 
a grey Triton beard-and-wig getup, 

"Hey Newt, you suck' Clinton 
may be a liar. but at least he can 
pull some women' Your mother 
looks like Janet Reno!" 
. And so on . Security had 

It all came to me 
very clearly one 
nlgllt, like the voice 
of God speaking. 
Only It wasn't harps 
and halo.; It wa. 
more like an Oliver 
Stone picture. Fast 
forward with me to 
June 14 ••• 
already been warned that this was 
a campus full of loose radicals, 
and since Newt received a series 
of boos upon being introduced, 
security's allention was trained on 
the crowd (which was rapidly 
turning irritable and impatient), 

So Johnny Triton was able to 
rant on for a solid five minutes 
before he got security's allention. 
Fortunately. he saw them coming 
and made a dash for the eucalyp-
tus trees east of RIMAe. not to be 
seen again.' 

Needless to say, it was a rough 
outing for Newt. Clinton had had 
a lot of wind blowing during cere-
monies, but he had benelited from 
a crowd that was, for the most 
part, friendly. 

Newt also preferred speaking 
in front of a friendly crowd. and 
these folks in San Diego certainly 
had a different take on politics 
than his homeboys in Georgia. 

So he and his top aides retreat-
ed to the Pub where he could 
drown his worries in a pitcher of 
suds. One pitcher quickly multi -
plied into many, and the scene in 
the Pub soon degenerated. 

Now, Newt 's a mean drunk, 
and he began yelling dumb things 

USC ANNENBERG 

like, "What 's Clinton's favorite 
sandwich? The Hump!" and " Karl 
Strauss'! Sounds like another 
immigrant to me! " 

The regular Pub patrons began 
to quictly lilter out. which really 
chapped management since it was 
a Sunday and there weren't lIlany 
folks there anyhow. Plus, Newt 
was one miserly tipper. (I know 
the Pub's not normally open on 
Sunday, but maybe it was special 
hours just for graduates and their 
families.) 

Word spread quickly as people 
left so that Newt and his gang were 
alone in the Pub. Lillie did Newt 
know, but he was in the heartland 
of all anti-Newt sentiment. 

Soon a crowd met outside the 
Pub. Staffers from Groundworks 
and. both sides of the Co-op, as 
well as members of CalPirg. the 
LBGTA, the Women's Service 
Center and the Graduate Student 
Association assembled. Even the 
folks from KSDT, SRTV and the 
Grove gathered round. 

Newt and company weill on 
with their debauchery. oblivious 
to the crowd outside. The fellas at 
Porter's, however, knew some-
thing was up, and they allempted 
to soothe the savage masses with 
calls of "Free potato chips!" and 
"Every Wednesday, 4 to 8, one-
dollar beers!" 

This had little effect. and the 
Pub staff called a huddle. The men 
then broke out into a Pillshurgh 
Steeler 4-3 defensive alignment in 
front of the door and laid down the 
law. You can have Newt , they 
said. just leave the Pub alone , 

This gave the mob further 
encouragement, for they had no 
intentions of harming the Pub 

See SOAPBOX, Page 12 

FIND 
Roommates 

School of Journalism 
STRATEGIC PUBLIC RELATIONS 

ONE YEAR MASTER'S DEGREE PROGRAM 
. A unique case study-based program for new graduates and 
working professionals seeking to enhance their career potential. 

Launching in September of 1998, the program's mission is to meet the pressil}g 
marketplace need for tatented strategic thinkers abte to apply sophisticated PR 
techniques to the accomplishment of organizational obJectives. It will offer 
students the opportunities to: 

• Gain practical experience through in-depth study of real world cases. 
• Complete their graduate studies within 12 months. 
• Learn from highly skilled working professionals . 
• Take most of their courses in the evening . 
• Learn the specialized techniques practiced in specific fields 

and industries. 
• Live and learn in an exciting, stimulating environment. 
• Participate in cutting-edge Annenberg School programs in journalism, 

communication, television and film. 
• Study business and management at the prestigious 

USC Marshall School of Business. 
For more information on this rewarding program. 

contact Deborah Blake, Director of Graduate Studies 
Phone: 213.740.0887 • E-mail: dblakeOusc.edu 

visit our web site at: http:www.usc.edu/deptlannenberg 

Tickets 

Can 

Bikes 

Deals 

Jobs 

Rooms 

Typing 

Bllbysillers 

Computers 

Tutors 
and morf in 

The GUlJrdiDlI 
Classlne&.. 
What do 

you need? 

usc UNIVERSITY OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA A nnenberg Scllool for Commun;rol;on 
TIle ......... 
upstairs In the 
~tudent Center. 

abOVe the 
General Store. 

FEATIJRES II 

Photo courtesy of Oaewoo Motor Co. 
The Leganza sedan is about the size of a toyota Carnry, with a 2 .2-
liter four-<:ylinder engine, and is Oaewoo's most expensive model. 

DAEWOO: 
Company to battle 
Korean reputation 
CoRtI ....... frOM paC. 10 
ers. wouldn't carry as well as how 
Saturn started up, as a division of 
GM," Gaudinez said "It would 
sti,k out as an Asian name, as far as 
how Americans think, especially 
since there is still a lot of nativism, 
anti-immigration and [negative] 
altitudes toward foreign competi-
tion within the United Stlltes. I 
think people would be moved to 
buy new cars from Saturn than they 
would from Daewoo." 

Park says, however. that within 
two to three months. "Daewoo" 
recognition increased dramatically. 
with the airing of a commercial, 
which features a mouth pronounc-
ing the name "Daewoo" ("dae-
WOO" is the Americanized pronun-
ciation; "deh-WHO," with a muted 
"h." is the Korean pronunciation). 

Daewoo will publicize its "ride-
and-buy" program through direct 
mail. local and college newspapers, 
radio and the Internet. 
Potential Problema 

The "ride-and-buy" program, 
which met opposition from its 
inception. is not without pronlems. 
however. 

According to Rechtin, Dae-
'woo's approach "seems riddled 
with problems" (from AllIlI/lllllive 
Nelv.I', April 6, page 3) 

"Although college students arc 

the identified market, Daewoo 
forecasts that the $20,000 range-
topping Leganza will be its top-
selling vehicle in the United States, 
according for half its volume. In 
contrast, executives figure the 
Lanos. an escort-sized subcompact 
that will be priced under $10,000 
will account for only one-fifth of 
sales. 

"Daewoo says it will provide 
three years of free maintenance 
with every car. But, apart from the 
few factory stores it plans to put up 
around the country, owners will 
have to rely on contracted seryice 
from Pep Boys stores or some other 
third-party provider." 

Moreover, as college students. 
many of us are all-too-familiar with 
the bcauty of return policies: Buy a 
camcorder, tor example. (mis)use it 
for 29 days and return it for a full 

. refund before the 30-day warr;lnty 
expires. So, wouldn't Daewoo end 
up with more losses than gains with 
its "ride-and-buy" program" 

Daewoo recognizes that college 
students do have opportunistic ten-
dencies, but remains optimistic. 
Park said that Daewoo expects its 
return mte to be higher than that of 
Saturn, for example. He also notes 
that Saturn's return mte decreased 
from 2 percent to I percent within 
the past year. 

"We do expect misuse of the 
opportunity. but as newcomers, we 
have to take such a risk," Park said. 
"We have to rely on the drivers to 
have the right conscience." 

yes ISO ViPs ASAP 
For us, it's personal. 

You: 

Us: 

A real "moming person" 
You want a part-time commitment with full-time respect 
Are energetic, creative and love to team 
A little bit compulsive (ok, a lot COfI1)UIsIve!) 
A last-paced, high energy environment 
Real team players, all with the same high standards 
Great payl Starting at $101h0ur. Lots of training 
40% discount on our neat stuff 

If you fit this profile, we could have a match for you on our 
Y11U111DiG11Y JHmI 

No experience necessary - only lots of energy, a great attitude and an 
eye tor detail and design, Three momings a week, you'll be in early 
and out by noon; work in a fast-paced, energetic environment with 
other team players. We attract only the best people and offer them 
eKceptional training, great pay (starting at $101h0url), and a 4O"k 
discount 

Now hiring for our new San Diego location 
(across from Fashion Valley) 

Please fax or mall your resume to: 
Recruitment Manager, 

2000 Valwood Pkwy., Dallas, TX 75234. 
Fax: (800) 443-1264. 

www.contalnerstora.com 

The Container Store promoI" • smoIc ... lree. drug-free environment. EOE, 



12 FEATIJRES 

Arena 
What bands do _you want 
for the Sun GooFestival? 
Interviews by Marc Comer 
Photography by Dave Lubitz 

"Los Van Van. It's a salsa 
band from Cuba. I'd like to 
see B-Side Players. That's 
about all. I didn 't really go 
last year." 

Derek Guirand 
Revelle Senior 

"How about Rusted Root? 
Bob Dylan would be fun , 
or Dave Matthews." 

Laura Brams 
Roosevelt Sophomore 

"The Lost Boys, MC 
Hammer and God's 
Property. That would be 
tight. I think that would be 
good." 

Jeffrey Bernardo 
Marshall Junior 

"How about Clyde's Ride? 
I'd like B-Side Players. 
That 's about it." 

Susan Kammerdlener 
Roosevelt Senior 

"Blues Traveler. And 
maybe ... What's that real 
new group that just came 
Ollt? Fastball." 

Minh Nillyen 
Revelle Senior 

The UCSD Guardian 

SOAPBOX 
Pints at the Pub with 
Newt Gingrich 
Continued from pag_ 11 
itsel r. Cries that had formerly been 
"Give a hoot, don't vote lor ewt" 
turned to "S hoot Ihe ewl" as Gin-
grich sluck his head OUI the door. 

I mean, what kind or name is 
Newl anyw<Jy'1 Who names their 
kid for a slippery lillie salamander 
unless Ihey losl a het or had a newt 
do Ihem some REALLY BIG 
favor'! Maybe ii 's like Ihat joke 
where the parenls name Iheir kid 
for the first thing they saw after, 
um. Ihal special momenl. 

ewt could sense Ihe crowd 
meant busi ness. for he was in liber-
allerritory now. He Iried 10 smoolh 
things oul wilh all these groups he 
had atTended with hi s legis lat ion 
and budgel cui back s. bUI lonight 
they were oul for blood. 

He offered up hi ~ pres~ ~cc re­
wry a~ hait and made for the ba~k 
dour. Knowing all the ba\:k door~ 
and sc.:ret ~ Iairway~ of the Old Stu-
dent Cen ter, the crowd would have 

G R A BE) 
GUARDIAN 
Central CamDUS 

lit • J,aar's office 
(a • CeAter Kall 

• C .... tibruy 
r"4'IaiF,. 6rOIt Caffe 

"J~U~S fairs 
Harshall Dean's Office 

Hed School library 
H.O.H. • Pepper Canyon Apts. 
Peterson Hall • Porter's Pub 
Price (enter • Rathskeller 

Registrar's Office 
Revelle Sundry Store 

Solis Hall • Tioga/Tenaya Halls 
Warren Lecture Halls 

York Hall • Undergrad Library 
University Bookstore 

USE Credit Union 
Outer Campus 

~IHAC • UNEX 
SuperComputer CentH 

Institute of the Americas 
Gilman Drive Info Booth 

Torrey Pi nes Center 
North T.P. Info Booth 

SID Library • Snackropolis, SID 
Niremberg Hall , SID 
Thorton Hospital, ER 

Early Childhood Education Cntr. 

none of thaI. 
Newt sc rambled upstai rs 10 Ihe 

Koala office to regroup, si nce it was 
the only unlocked room in the facil -
ity. He ran into a couple or passed-
OUI bodies on the floor and Ihis old 
cardboard cutoul or Fabio, sc reamed 
in horror and bolted back out. 

The ~rowd was underneath , 
swarming and hurling Ihose lillie 
arl project, Chinese-message rocks 
at ewl. Already red in Ihe checks 
from drinking and thoroughly over-
whelmed by this nightmare of a 
day, Newt hoored it over to the 
Guardi{/11 office. 

Lillie did Newt know, but this 
was not a wise move. The 
Guardiall is the one office no one 
in the crowd cared about, and il gOl 
busy hurling debris through the 
windows. My steriuusly, the sporlS 
siaff's secrel stash of 151 schnapps 
somehow caught on fire in the 
ruckus, and soon the whole 
Guardian offi ce was up in Ilames. 

Newt did hi, best Spiderman act , 
bailing out the bac k window and 
jumping helow. Amazingly he made 
it to the bi ke , lore. where he wheeled 
away fa,ler than you can say "fili -

Monday, April 20, 1998 

buster" towards more supponive 
pans.or town like ProSpeCI Street. 

This is where my crystal vision 
gets hazy, but you get the pi cture. 

I'm glad ewt 's comi ng, 
because it 's rurther recognition thai 
UCSD has arri ved nalionally. I jusl 
hope he leclures better than hair my 
professors or \ ' 11 he dozing ofT mid-
way Ihrough. 

So 10 Ihose of you who aren' t 
savvy, seasoned seniors 'uch as 
myselr, if Ihe Guardiall isn' t here 
when you come back next year, 
don ' t say I didn ' l warn you. On the 
off chance thai I'm wrong some-
where in my lillie dream and the 
Guardian makes it 10 next year, 
come in now and show Ihe spons 
starf what you've got towards 
being the next ports editor or asso-
ciale editor. 

Whe" nor ar rhe Guardian, 
Kevin can probably be found ar rhe 
neare.I'r baskerball courr cursing 
rh e rilll or (If hOllle lying dowlI 
undem ea rh rhe spigor of rlre 
kegerarlJl: He :\' a bUill. .fO dOIl 'r 
!Jmlrer e-mailing hilll, bur if you 
really wanr 10, his address is kplll-
claug@ucsd.edu. 

UCSD is currently seeking 

Caucasian Men 
for a research study to receive a 

FREE bone mass 
measurement 

of the forearm and both heels 

Requirements: 
• Healthy men between the ages of 21-40 
• Not being treated for osteoporosis 
• Free of chronic diseases 
• Not taki ng steroids 
• Ca nnot be a diabetic using medication t o control 

their diabetes 
A reimbur6ement of $20.00 will "e paid upon 

completion of the study 

LIMITED TIME ONLY 
BOnl: m<l55 ml:<l5Urem"nC5 will be t:<lken of bot:h fore<lrm!l <lnd bot:h 
hl:I:15, On" vieit only, which will take <lpproximately 1 hour <l nd will be 
hl:ld at: t:he Rancho Bernardo Medical/Dental Building 

University of California, 5an Diego 
16766 Bernardo Center Drive, Suite 215 
For an appoin-cment please cali: 

673-5574 
- Iver.ook at .... _w ....... r ... wGlld ... wIlO IS ....... ' 

Next , .. , It could ... ,OU. v-. ,011 .... lie til! Md 
lluanlIM ..... • n .....,.If roa--'t tile ........ "..., we 
... ve p .. ..., of oaaer .......... BY"."' ••. _.nd ,OUt ~ 

GOver letter and ........ of ,oar w. (If .v ........ ) to: 

I 

Monday, April 20, 1998 The UCSD Guardian 

You wouldn't answer 
the door for this guy ... 

why 
answer 

Getting Caller ill 
from l'acific Bell is Iiu installing 

a peephole on your phone, because now 

you can see the NAME AND NUMBER. 
of callers before you answer. Plus, if you .ip up 

DOW', you can pt • Caller ID Box for 

joet $9.95 • • 75% ..vinp. So get Caller lD from 
Facific Bell and get a sneak peek at who's calling. You can 

answer th~ calls you wiLnt and avoid those you don't. 

Order Call~r ID and take a puk at what 
elK _ offa1 Call I· ..... U·' .... , 

W'W'w.pacNII.com/collcp 

the 

Get Caller ID_ 

-1991\ rodAc ... OIiorupiru MAoy )1. 1996. Coller ID coo .. U .............. $0.50,... _. s-_ 
_..,!y, c»or ...... kill<"O ,..Mkntoal co. c...m_.-........ In. __ 

phone? 

PAC. 

13 



14 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian Monday, April 20, 1998 

Soccer is Back in SM Diego ••• 

Yakov lo lotorev/ Guardian 
Sh...,..: A young fan of the San Diego Flash gets an autograph from it s poster boy, former Triton Nate Hethe rington. 

Former UCSD standout Nate Hetherington leads San Diego )s newest team 
By Sean Rahlml 
Senior Staff Writer 

Fade in: II 's l\ Friday nigh! in Chula 
Visla. A cool breele descends on South-
west College and Devore Stadium. A 
crowd of 5, 103 galhers for a ni ght of 
action and enlertainmen!. Yes. Ihey arc all 
assembled to walch a soccer game. That 's 
righi, professional outdoor soccer is back 
in San Diego. 

The San Diego Flash, a new memhcr 
of the 16-team Uniled Systems of Inde-
pendent Soccer Leagues/A-League began 
its inaugural season lasl Friday nigh!. 
Although the visiting Seall Ie Sounders 
defealed the home squad, 2-0. Ihe 5,103 
spectators wen I home happy afler wit -
nessing a great game. 

Leading the way for the Flash in 1998 
is former UCSD siandout Nate Hethering-
Ion. A graduale of San Dieguilo High 
School in Encinitas, Helherington rose 
Ihrough Ihe ranks of Ihe La Jolla Nomads, 
a local semi-pro team, winning six state 

~elKeIKJe~ 
It'oI'tJUI.«4'C R e.we.w b,../Uroe tv' e-eL 
;iftll(dRJ"- ,1/,,.;/ .20Ci 
Schindler's List 
movie and follow-up di scuss ion 
Price Center Theater 
6- IOp.m. 
1Ve-6e.rdRJ"- ,1/,;'~'f.2 ,.?If(/' 
Beyond the Gates 
multimedia presentation givi ng ,I closer 
look at Daehau and Auschwitl 
Center Hall 11 5 
7- 11 p.m. 

nW">J"(/'~ ,1/,,,~'f .23,.(/' 
David Faber 
speaker and survivor of 8 Nazi camps, 
includ ing Auschwitl, and auth r of "Because 
of Roml l : A NolDrausl Survivor 's Memoir" 

enler Hall 101 
7- 11 p.m. 

championships. 
Nomad Head Coach Derek Armstrong 

continued to coach No. 10 at UCSD for 
three years from 1994-97. Hetherington 
led the San Diego Top Guns in scoring in 
1995 and scored the Flash's lirst-ever goal 
in franchise hi story against the Pumas 
(Mexico) in Palm Springs. 

Helherington and company began the 
night with great encouragement from the 
rowdy crowd. dominating possession in a 
scrappy firsl half. 

Despile being oUl shot 8-5 in the first 
half, the Sounders used the long hall to 
score in Ihe 38th minule. Stoner Tadlock 
fed an open Eric Siorckson behind the 
Flash defense for Ihe eventual game-win-
ner. The Sounders added a late goal in the 
second half for Ihe 2-0 victory. 

"The support of the fans tonight was 
great," Flash Head Coach Rail' Wilhelms 
sa id . " II shows you how well our front 
office organi l ed in such short nol ice for 
tonight's game." 

Hetherington agreed with Wilhelms. 
''The crowd was great tonighl and il 

feels greal to play at home," Hetherington 
sa id . "They arc a hig team and they used 
the long ball lonight. We controlled pos-
sess ion, bu! we just couldn ' t put one 
through. Now we can see what we need to 
do for next time and improve our game." 

Commenling on Helherington's role 
on the team, Wilhelms added, '" expeci 
him to be a regular on the lineup for us. 
He's got all the tools and knowledge of 
the game. He jusl needs some more game 
ex pe rience." 

With the goa l of a Major League Soc-
cer (MLS ) team here in San Diego hy 
2002. the Flash hope to revive oUldoor-
soccer inlcrest in the San Diego urea. 

It' s importanl io note thaI Ihe Flash is 
not the lirst pro soccer team to call San 
Diego it s home. Going back 10 1968 with 
the San Diego Toros. soccer rools run 
deep here. The San Diego Sockers 
delighted many fans wilh 10 champi -

GUARDIAN 
.SUN GOD 

COMING 

l'ro~,o"" JI)OIII<JO'<d by R ... II. ollcZC ReSIdence I ... Ie. Thu"ood Marshall 
and Unlly Fund. Rcwt(e Col..,. CouncIl. R., elle Hall A"OCI. llo n. 

THURS. 
MAY 14 HIllel 01 San Diqo. for """" Information. pie oil Hrenda Andrew f'" Rev.11e CoIlqe" (,,,) SM-JtlS. 

onships fro m 1980- 1996. but all of these 
past organizations. 

However, with the birth of MLS and ils. 
success in its !irst couple of years, prof es-
sional soccer is at a crossroads. 

The San Diego Flash and the other 15 
teams in the USISLI A league are 
designed 10' provide a minor-league sys-
lem (similar to baseball) in order to keep 
providing talented players for MLS. 

Professional soccer in Europe has top 
leagues, such as the English Premiere 
league and the Italian Seria A, with minor 
leagues that funnel players inlo the higher 
level - providing the top leagues with an 
endless supply of talent. The Iheory goes 
like thi s: The more talented players there 
are, the more fans will show up al games, 
in turn allowing teams to compete and 
prosper. 

So far, Ihe future appears bright. Last 
year, more lhan a million fans atlended 
USISL games and more are expected this 
season. 

Monday, April 20, 1998 The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 15 

Boys Split Last Two Matches 
MERGENCY RUNNING IN PLACE: As the postseason approaches, the Tritons had two 

mediocre outings, a loss to Pomona-Pitzer and a win over CSU Los Angeles AL EDUCAtORS 
EMT Medical r.etlnieian) Class starts Aprtt 20'. Classes 

By Bill Burger 
Staff Writer 

Friday the 10lh was more like 
Friday Ihe 13th for the men's lennis 
le:t lll as it lost, 5-2, 
agai nsl an under-manned 
Pomona-Pitzer team. 

The los ' dropped 
UCS D to No. 4 in lhe 
Weslern Reg ion and 
makes the May 2 match 
againsl Claremont a must 
win if Ihe Tritons plan on 
making it 10 the Division 
III Western Regional playoffs. 

"We had a few people oul or 
injured and we simply didn't pl ay 
well ," was Ihe only explanali on 
Head Coach Brian Turner had for 
his leam's performance in Ihe loss 
10 Pomona-Pit 7.er. 

In a malch the Trilons cerlain ly 
planned on winning. Ihey learned a 
va luable lesson: don' l let down 
because on any given day any team 
can emerge victorious. 

From Ihe ve ry beg in ning Ihe 
match looked ominous as Dan 
Alb rechl, Jason Hipp and Ken Liu 
failed 10 make Ihe trip to Pomona. 
In doubles, UCSD had a difticult 
time and lost Ihe doubles poin!. 

In singles, Sieve Shabel pul in 
his typical so lid performance and 
won at No. I singles. Mike Rossell 
also won at NO. 4 singles. but these 
were Ihe onl y Iwo matches Ihal Ihe 
Tritons were ahle to win. 

Despile the facl thai Emil Mihet 
was suffering from a back injury 

and the Tritons had two players out, 
Turner offered no excuses and 
blamed Ihe loss. on uninspired per-

. formance. 
The Tritons pl ayed 

CSU Los Angeles this past 
Friday and were ab le to 
pu II oul a 6-3 victory 
des pile a lack lusler perfor-
mance. 

The Tritons w.; nl into 
Los Angcles on a down 
nole and their play refl ect-
ed it. 

They allowed an . inferior 
CSU LA leam to keep II\c matl: h 
dose, bul in the end lhey wcre ah l ' 
to pull ahead. 

Since CSULA is Division II. Ihe 
match was played under Di vision II 
rules, whi ch di ffer from the rules 
Ihat UCSD normally play s under 
- all three doub les sels are w unt-
cd as I po inl each. 

At No. I doubles, Shahel and 
Mihcl lost, 4-8. Rossell and Al1lhQ-
ny Melicharek ball led al 0. 2 dou-
bles hut in thc end were narrowly 
defeated, 7-9. 

Reggie Bauwn and Kai Miller 
turned in a solid performance al 
No.3 doubles as they easily defeal-
cd their opponenl s, 8- 1. 

In singles the Tritons faired bet-
ter, winning live of the six 
matchups. 

Shabel continued to be tough at 
No. I singles as he easi Iy defealed 
his opponent. 6-1. 6-2. Melicharek. 
al No. 2. won the li rst set easily, 6-

I, hefore being bealen in the next 
Iwo sels, 2-6, 2-6. Liu played a 
toug h match at No. 3 s i ng l e~ and 
won, 6-4, 7-5. Miller played solid 
al 0. 4 and came Ou l victorious. 0-
3, 7-5. Rosell cont inued his recenl-
Iy strong play wi lh a vi clory at o. 
5 singles, 6-3. 6-4. AI No.6. Bau-
lon found lillie lrouhle with his 
opponenl and crui sed to an easy. 6-
0, 6- 1 vk tory. 

"We w uld have played mu~ h 
heller and hea ten them 1)-0." Tu rner 
said. ' 'They aren ' l rea ll y on our 
level." 

Des pi te the disappoint ing play. 
Turner sC(; f1l ed mon; conc(; rned 
wi lh the leam's injuries heading 
into the playoffs. Th(; team has nol 
had a single match all year where 
everyone fell 100 percenl healthy. 

The al ional Ojai Toumamcnt 
hegins Ih is Friday. This is Ihe lour-
nament that wi ll crown the Western 
Region's singles and douhles 
champions. 

Shabcl heads into the tourna-
ment ranked n. 3 in the region 
and Mi hel gll(;S in ranked No. ~ . 
Shabel and Mihet together arc 
ranked Ih ird in thc region in dou-
bles. 

Afler Ojai, the Tritons wil l 
relum home to play Poinl Loma 
Nazarene College in their li nal 
home malch of the year 011 Mon-
day. Th is will sct up a match with 
Clarcmont Co llege on May 2 for 
the li nal Weslem Region pl ayoff 
spot. 

held evenings W'ld 5 Saturdays in Kearny M a area . 
Completion date June 20. Ctass prepares stude/ltS for National 

CertifTcation as W T. Great for' pre-med, PA. health science lJIIIIjofa. 
Class, books and National Exam fot less trlan $500! 

For regis tration Info , call (619) 696-ZL89. Program acc;redited by 
San Diego County Health Department. EMS Division. 

- "'...: .... 

Registration deadline Aprl13 . Call Today! 

• R.duce \o~ i., 
• R. duce u:II.l i ~. 

Red.ce io, ... 
• Fir", Old Ij5~~. n 
. ' Hol a lem pro,o'y 

wa ler lOll meU od 

~'8 lOS[ AlllASl6" OR TOU DOH'l PAl /1 1 , ",I, ,-, I,,"TROJUCTO~Y 'l~t CIAL 
PT. IOMA 

I.tI 4 LESS 
}185 M idway Od • • 

22':9727 

M01OROLA 
BRAVOPUJS 

M01OROLA 
BRAVORX 

16-masage tMmory . AltYlTI 
• Tim< & dote stM'lp • 5 ","s>coi alert 16-me:ssage memory • Time slemp 

Aft poees Include acUYalion. g months' fra scMc~; two years Iree VOICe mall. unlirTllled pagons, and 
Soothcm CIIifomia, PhocnIoo and t..s \I~ .. co_~. Some reslllcuons apply 

ACTIVATE YOUR PRE-OWNED PAGER $389 One ',~. 0IItIm< PlCPOOd. two YO" $699 ocludes 2 momtos· S<MCe, two yo .. ' frft wxe n\!tIl m frn «tlYatOOn rru ~t: ~llYld rru 4drvacm 
2 YEARS FREE VOICE MAIL ON ANY ACTIVATION I 
PAGE JI-IE 

5597·B CIaRmont Mesa BlYd. (In Madison Squar. Shopping Center) 6191268·9898 
. MOf'I d e) ti"ru f rlel./ 10 (00 em 10 C \00) pm • StWd,y \ I J~ $ ro'I l ~ • oj.) p m • IJ ' ~" • Mes' t rC"d ,A,mtn=t n Exj::l t U ' o.s:Q\'u . 

Ntw :US~ O mtI S 'f'1I ( ,vult p'lSf!n\.d OWen c llpifc 514M 

UCSD's Career Services Center and the 
UCSD Alumni Association present: p.U

TOM 01',v, «,t-~_~~ 
OVerseas Auto 8OO8B IoIII.ml" Rd. 15 

* 
I 12-111 

Don't get left out. 

Only 100 spaces 

are available 

for each day. 

Sign up now! 

How To Sign Up 
Go to the Reference 
Room at the Career 
Services Center to sign 
up and to see a list of the 
occupations that will be 
represented on each day, 
Networking with the 
Pros is open to all UCSD 
students and alumni who 
are registered at the 
Career Services Center. 

What's the best way to get career information? 
Networking. 
What's the most effective way to get a job? Networking. 
NE'lWORKING is an important job search strategy, 
It's not just WHAT you know, but also WHO you know 
that will help you during your job search. 
Don't miss this chance to rub shoulders with people 
who are working in specific occu~tions. Explore career 
options, make contacts. and get job search advice from 
the pros. 
One day is devoted to each of the following 5 fields. 
Only 100 spaces are available each day. Sign up earlyl 

tP ~ 
I4J ~ ~ ~ 

CI ifIII 
M I .. m .. Rf. 

o SPECIALIZING IN FOAEIClN AUTOM08ILES en 
, COMPLtiWE7L&f.CAL. RS d SERVING UCSO FOR 17 YEARS ... 
l_fIIIIl_"IIIIIII_"IIIIIII __ IIIIIII __ •• 1II ... £Xe,",nt "f."neBS from atilll", CUSIo""IS! 

I Minor Tune 
Special I Our tune up Includes II lot more 555 

I than other • . It includes: Reg. I 1,· ln5IalltrOl1I pads or ,11<1, sIloes 1111 1. NEW Spar'< plugs 7. enact< brakes 2. Drain old blake.nuid • 
I 2. Check DislribUior painls 8. enect< clUlch I 13. Inspect hydraulIC system I 3. Chect< DlslribUlor 9. enect< I~ts ~ . Refill hydrauliC nUid ~. ' , 

condellsor 10. Check underca,riage 15. Bleed blaloe syslem • I I 4. Adjusl liming lor damage I 6. AdjuSI ~on1li! shoes) and rear shoes 
I 5. Check and repleniSh I t. Check cooling system I t,Road Iesl .J all fluid and oilievels & hoses - - - - - - - -
L!A==a:. _ !;r:=:. _.J FREE TOWING 
r'3s.point-MaJor Service. w~ m.~r=.~~~ .. ; 
I Special X Oil I I Extra for Will InJ«r.d can. Our ma/or .. ",Ice Include.: ..... 1,.0 I Change 

1 Now 1910\ plogs 12 AqoIII dooIlJI9Io 24 Wle Irart end I I 
I 2 Now AI filer 13 AI\oItl CJOburll<t 25 0Ieek lor Ioos' nob l belli I & J. Now 001 liIer 14 AqoIIIHio-lloel,aI"nulure 26. CI>eo:k l9·u I 20 • t I 
14.OI' ''\lII''gonoo ool 15.0Ieek_r19 27 ChecI<"""ownagolordoroago I -poln 5. Nowluell." 16 CIoockckAclo 28.CI>eo:k.ndredlorgebdtlj __ I S fety Check I 
16. CIoockristrWor poontl 17. ~cW 29. AcI.UIII$ {I _ I a 1. CIooct dosInIluIor ,ondenw 18 Cltect broles ll. CIltCk 1ft promu" S· I a.~looroleSl 19.A",* bral<ls 31 . Lobtdoor hIngK II peel. I I 9. Vaiv. adiuslmenla ....... 1 20. ~ ... goncy brake 32. Check al lIoIders 

IO.New,lfyecu;er gasl<e1 2 1. CItecU replenislooJllluodlev~1 ll. Clteck cOOl""llymm l hosel I 11-:-'- a:-"-'-I I 1-_ r 12. CMdl ..., _ npooed bels )I . ChecI< .xII.u,1 sysI.m I . : II . Aqusl 6mong 21 CMdl o1ocr'aoI l.... 35. Road Iesl IJ 
I Not.: Extrl 10< Ikyll_. II-c:yfln_. - pletlnum plugo. .J 
'--------------r:;o:I:ClutchJ: 1mDI rT~Tn; BeH 1 t . Newpressureplate 4 . NeWPilol~ I Special 

2. New CIUlcl\ Olsk 5. Change transmoasoon oil I" $79* 13. New ThrowoUl bearong a.Road lest I ... - - - - -
Haoo: Hydo_ parli I .. noI <_"'" 1or4WO. F",", U;-'e do extended warranty 

I wheel drive t .. ra. .J 
... - - - - - - - - 15. 30, 45. 60. 75, & 90K service 
'Most cars. With this ad. e Kpires 5/4198 . 

Br.nd new parts. A.k 
about our .peel.ls on 
engine • . All our work h •• 
a :II-yelr or 2O,QOO-mlle 
lim Ited wlrranty. All prices 
inclUde part. and libor. 

10% OFF LABOR 
tor UeSD stU~!!!:I: 

8008-8 Miramar Road. ___ -=C=al:.:..l...:..;fo~r...::a:.:.n:..;a::J:.!::..:::..:;ln:.:..t:.:..:me~n;;..t ...:..;n.;;;.o..;.;;w.;..! --I 

695-1990 Rental car available. Mond.-y-Frtday, 7:30 am-6 pm. Open .. , ..... , 

• 



16 CL ASSIFIEDS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Rlls. up to $500 or mor.ln one week. 
Fundrliling opportunitl.s IVllllbl • • 
No flnlnclll obllgltlon. Gr.lt for 
clubs, orglnlzllions, and motivated 
students. For more information call (888) 
51 ·A·PLUS ext. 51.j2l12.6/4) 

,-----------. I 1I9'!,9 I 

1-..... 1 !I~'.! 
TWO 

14" 813-LARGE 
3-topping 
PIZZAS 

limited de livery are a. Coupon required . 
Add, tional toppong. S 1.25 each.V.lid onlpt 

participatin& loutlons. Customer pays ilil 
applicable .. Ie. tax . Exp. ~/26198. 

Pacific/Mission Beach 
1550 Garnet Ave. 

272-1100 
----------_. 
CHINA VACATION IN PROMOTION 
PRICE. INCLUDING: round trip air from 
LAX, hotel accomodations, three meals/ 
day, tour sightseeing, entertainment ... 
278·6293 (<lEO) . 
"Leadership & Management Seminar: 
How to Apply your Leadership Skills to 

london .. ... .. ........... $689 
Paris .... ... .. .. ... ........ S782 

Frankfurt .. .. , ....... .. . $862 

The UCSD Guardian 

CLASSIFIEDS 
The UCSD Guardian reserves Ihe rIght to classify, edit, delete oHensive words and 
phrases, andlor refuse any and all advertisements without prior notification The Advertiser 
Will not hold the GuardIan liable for any claims resulting from the publication of the 
advertisement. The publisher Will also not be held accountable for any claIm from an 
agreement made between the advertiser and the consumer. 
Copy should be reViewed by the advertiser for errors In order 10 be corrected In the next 
regular issue, all errors must be reported by the corresponding deadline Credit wil l only 
be given lor the Incorrec t portion ol the advertisement. Thel9 are no relunds lor cancellatIons. 
pte .. e .end all correspondence regarding Classil ied, to: 
UCSD Guardian, Alln : Classilleds. 9500 Gilman Drive ~03'6, La Jolla, CA 92093. 
Actual location: Student Center A, Room 217. 

the Job Market." 4/23/98. 3·4pm at Price 
Center Gallery A. This seminar will 
address what it means to be an effective 
leader and how these skills transfer to 
career opportunities in management. 
Sponsored by SOLO. For more info. call 
534·0501. (4/20-23) 
San Diego's oldest Gay and Lesbian 
newspaper is available on campus. Find 
it at Thurgood Marshall college Admin. 

§.Idg~ch Thurs .. (4/20·3O) __ _ 

I ~ ~.-!:I: I :!!.1 :JII 
* ROUND TRIP COURIER FARES. 
ondon $285 Mexico $1 50 Hong Konl $389 
China $360 Sydney $520 Bangkok 370 
~('=:['~~'J~2'!!!ll '!il!~ 
A IK COU RI EK I NTERNATIONAL 

1-800· 298·1230 24 h r 

T.A.S.C. presents TMC's University Wide 
Semi·Formal Dance. Sat. April 24th from 
9pm to 1am at Marina Village. Tixs on 
sa le now for $15/$18 at the door. 
Purchase tixs at TMC Res life or Dean's 
Office. All are invited, FFI 534-4390. (4/ 
20·~ 

Rome ..... , ............... $906 

Get your See's Candy at the Thurgood 
Marshall College Dean's Office for $1.00 
and help support the TMC Scholarship 
Fund. (4/20) 
The Episcopal Student Association meets' 
every Wednesday from 5:00·6:00pm in 
the In te rn at ional Student Cente r 
Con ference Room fo r communion, 
Christian discussion, and free dinner. 
Students, laculty, and staff welcome. 
Call 534·6549 for information. (4/20) 

EVE N T S 
VENDOR VAIR: April 2G-24, 9-5pm, 
Library Walk . Manufactured '" 
handcrafted items. Sponsored by 
Student Organizations'" Leadership 
Opportunities (SOLO). (4/16·20) 
Sangam's Annual Boat Dance: Rock the 
Boat '98. Friday, May 1 st, 9pm·2am from 
San Diego Harbor. Tickets available lrom 
Ticketmaster (Box Office) starting Apri l 
13, Call Payal at 638-1727 for more info, 
orcheckourwebsite: www·acs.ucsd.edul 
- sangam (4/20·30) 

EMPLOYMENT 
Off·Campus Delivery Driver. Must have 
own vehicle and proof 01 car insurance. 
Must be avai lable for 3·4 hours on 
Monday and 5·6 hours on Thursday. 
Familiarity with San Diego helpful but not 
requi red, Please call Ann at 619·534· 

DEPARTM E NT O F 

Classified Line 
Ad Rates 

Students: S2 per 20 word. 
Faculty & Staff: 53 per 20 words 

All olhera: $4 per 20 words 
Advance payment is required. 

Classified Display 
Ad Rates 

$9.00 per cotumn inch 
Deadtines: 

Publication 0... Display Ads Line Ads 
Mondav Noon Thurs. 3 pm Thurs. 
Thursday Noon Mon, 3 pm Mon, 

6845 or stop by the Guardian'S ofiicJ! 
located in Room 217, Student Center 
above Soft Reserves. (4/13-20) 

'AMISON UNeN CAMP 
seeks moture students to work as 
COUNSELORS at our rustic, self 

sufficient chi ldren's camp. We need 
positive role models who have ot 

least one teochable ski ll, i.e. 
horse bock rid ing, li feguards, 

mountain bikers , archery, droma, 
etc . RM , BD, laundry, plus salary. 

Call 1·800·696·9062 for 
informdtion and appl icolion . 

$1500 weekly potent ial mailing our 
circulars. No Experience Required. Free 
Inlormation packe t. Call 410·783·8279. 
(2126·6/4) 
FUN SUMMER JOBS Gain valuable 
experience working with children 
outdoors. We are looking for caring 
Summer Day Camp staff whose 
summer home is in the San Fernando 
or Conejo Valley, Ventura, Camarillo, 
Mal ibu or Simi Valley . General 
Counselors & Specialists: swimming, 
horses, boating, lishing, ropes course, 
music, and more. Summer salaries range 
$2,100-S3,2oo+, Call 818·865·6263 or 

Madrid ........... ....... $882 BIOENGINEERING 
Athens .... .. ............ $993 

ADVISING AND 
INFORMATIONAL MEETING 

MSIOiJIIdIr1!lInlm $In I!Ie&I> II>d do.1\Of Includ. "'" ""~h runs an eJIIJ'I $40 · S80. 
s.II!oot 11\ "*'P,-' ltst1ctJo." ..,pl~ CST *tOI 7560.$0 

TUESDAY, APRIL 2\ 1998 
5101 ENGINEERING BUILDING 1 

STArum ... 
ritE WORLD'S 
LA.OEST STUDENT 

(800) 777-0112 
rum OlIGN1IlATlON. 

BOOK YOUR TICKET 

ST/j 
STA TRAVEL 
We've been there. 

LINE AT: 

1: 3 0 P M 
FOR ALL BIOENGINEERI NG, BIOENGI N EER ING (PR E·M EDI CAL) 

AND ALL PRE·BIOENGINEERI NG MAJO RS 

WWW.STA-TRAVEL.COM 

MARK YOUR 
CALENDARS 

ENVIRONMENTAL 
CONFERENCE. 

IN HONOR OF THE THIRTIETH ANNIVERSARY OF JOHN MUIR COLLEGE 

ENVIRONMENTAL VISIONS FOR SAN DIEGO COUNTY: 
A CELEBRATION OF JOHN MUIR COLLEGE 

Friday, April 24 
Price Center Ballroom A 
8:30 am-5:00 pm 

A day-long series of panel discussions and website 
presentations on the extraordinary range of 
biodiversity in rapidly developing San Diego County. 

Pre.ente,. Include: UCSD faculty members Michael Gilpin and 
Ted Case (Biology), Sandra Mitchell (Philosophy) , Susan Davis 
(Communication); also, well -known conservation biologists, 
environmental journalists, an environmental health advocate, 
and local and statewide activists and planners. 

FREE AND OPEN TO THE PUBLIC 
For more Inform~tlon call 
(619)534-3589 or visit our 
website: www-mulr30.ucsd.edu 

M onday, A pri l 20, 1998 

email CampJobs@aol.com. (4/2·5/21) 
MEN·AGES 18·24 for nude modeling 
and acting. Call Phil, (619)584·2243 lor 
interview. (4/2·30) 

"'OFFICE HEL~ 
NEEDED 

Full-time or Part- time. 

No experience 
neceaary. ~e 

hours. We me located 
in Sorrento Valley, 

close to campus, 
Call Chris at 625-8200 

or fax 452-4242 
American Florist Association 
10671 Roselle St. , Suite * 100 

... San Diego, 92121 ~ 

Pasadena area Summer DayCamp hiring 
energetic and responsible people for 
counselor positions. Looking for group 
counselors, lifeguards and wranglers, 
Spend yoursummer outside making new 
friends. Call TOM SAWYER CAMP (626) 
794-1156, (4/6-23) 
CRUISE SHIP & LAND-TOUR JOBS -
Excellent benefits, World Travel. Ask us 
how! (517) 324·3090 ext. C59762 (4/6· 
30) 
Aide wanted by Disabled Professional 
Woman, MonlWediFri: 6:00· Noon; Sun: 
7:00·3:00 Own Car. $8.50/hr, Contact 
Pat 298· 1745 .~/9·20) 

Learn Bartending 
Bc.-ten<hl Academy 

Mallf f"-tinf ~~ [or peri·tint wort 
Short (0II1tI, joL ~CIC8IIfIIt assistancf 

1.11 

AIRLINE EMPLOYMENT· Entry level/ 
skilled. Ground crew, reservationists, 
t icket agents, flight attendants. 
Excellent travel benefits. Ask us how! 
(~7) 336·0971_ ex.!:...L~761 (4/13-5/14) 
GREAT SU MMER OPPORTUNITY! 
Work outdoors with children. West Los 
Angeles Day Camp. Counselors & 
instructors : swimming , arts, 
horsebackriding & sports, 310·399·2267. 
(4/13·5n) 

www.4CRS.com 
Win a free computer 

Free service to 
CoUege students 

EASY WORK IN YOUR SPARE TIME! 
Mailing envelopes for our company. 
You can earn $1 ,000's weekly! Just send 
a self·addressed, stamped envelope for 
information to: Work al Home, 8070 La 
Jolla Shores Drive, Suite #242, La Jolla, 
CA 92037. (4/13·23) 
Print advertising sales support . $6·12 
per hour. Flexible hours will lit your 
schedule. Duties include: gathering leads, 
cold calling clients, setting appointments, 
and dropping off media material to local 
businesses. 619·458-5905, (4/13-20) 
XCLNT XTRA S Modeling opportunities, 
up to $1000, For women, experience not 
required. Photo/contact info to 7770 
Regents Rd., #113·211 SD 92122. (4/ 
16·27) 

Monday, Apri l 20, 1998 

Seeking interns considering a career in 
financial services. Potential life + 
securities licensing . Please contact 
Katherine Wood at 546·7400 x 230, (4/ 
16·23L _ 
Hey Golfersl Need a summer job? We 
need golfers to staff our Golf Gifts Sales 
Cart at UTC. Outside, Sunshine. Close 
shifts available May 1. 1 Oam·3pm & 3pm· 
9pm. $6/hr to start . Call Terry at 760· 
740·0697. (4/16·27) 

HEED A JOB? 
HIRING TODAY! 

Collfomio Co hal 5 PIT job openillg$. We 
ofter StO/hr to stort, paid Iralnlng. ond 

nexlbte hrs. Jobs are "lied on a first come, 
first served bosis. 

Call 619·587·2829 

Part time deli help. $6.50 +tips to start. 
Flexible hours. UTC Food Court. 552· 
1 ~ 83, Call after 2pm M-F. (4/20) 
FEMALE HAIR MODELS. Shampoo 
company needs (40) female models 
monthly (especially Asians) for their 
upcoming April & May hair shows! No 
experience necessary! All ages & heights 
ok! Formore information & other modeling 
opportunities call (anytime) 1·(800)·959· 
9301 . (i/20-6/4) 

~<cP#H~~ W ' AUTHENTIC FITNESS· 
Speedo is looking for a 

reliable, energetic person 
with leadership qualities & 

desire for advancement. 
Flexible hours, full time, full 
benefits, Close to campus, 
Univers ity Towne Centre. 
452·5957 

Bookkeeper and Personal Assistant 
wanted for Spring and full ·time summer 
position at La Jolla Shores home. Call 
~e~an ~ 459·8446. (4/20-23) 
MONEY AVAtLABLE. OK, so you have 
to work for it . , , $7·$10 per hour for 
clerical work. Accuracy and attention to 
detail essential. Within walking distance 
of UCSD Campus. Informal and mutually 
respectful environment. Very flexible 
hours. Cal~7·5757 . (4~20·23)_ 

www.4CRS.com 
Get a job 

Free service to 
College students 

CHILDCARE: Needed for 5 yr. old in 
Carmel Valley Area, Approx. 10hrs.l 
week/late afternoon. 259·0705, (4/20· 

2~ 

Yoh Scientific needs : 
· Chcm ists 

• B iochc t11 ists 
·Microbi o log ists 

· Molccul ar Bi o log ists 
· Rcsearch A ssociates 

• LabTcchnic ians/ A ss istant s 
· Chcmica l Engincers 
Fax (619)622·9048 

Phone (619)622·9005 

~!'Jc 
PIT Driver wanted for a busy UTC area 

florist. Flexible hours, Saturdays a must.. 
Must have a reliable vehicle , 622·9999. 
(4~20·23) 
PIT Clerk wanted lor a busy UTC area 
florist. Flexible hours. Must be friend ly 
and have reliable transportation. 622· 
9999. (4/20·23) _ _ _ 

INTERVIEWERS $7INR 
Join the interesting world of marketing 

research , conducting telephone 
surveys and opinion pol ls, 

WE TRAIII 110 SALES 
25 wpm TYPING (_ t.st) 

PM shifts . 7 days a week. FT or PT 
Apply In . Mon rue Wed 

person 9dm 4pm 
- iI~ !II 
n=N '" ~:!T~'O~NE!!S!=,!i!iN~R!I!E~S!!iJE!iA!I!R~C!!l!H~~ 

8593 Aero Drive 
Bus 125 slo shere, 116 slo s nearb 

Club Med & Cruise ships now hiring, 
Free details. 800-435·42~7 . (4/20) 
INTERNATIONAL EMPLOYMENT · 
Teach basic conversational English in 
Southeast Asia. Excellenl eamings + 
benelits potential. Ask us how! (517) 
324·3122 ext. J59762. (4/20·5/7) 
$1000's WEEKLY! Stuff envelopes at 
home for $2.00 each plus bonuses. Wor!< 
F/T or PIT. Make $800+ weekly, 
guaranteed ! Free suppl ies, No 
experience necessary. For details, send 
one stampto N·34, 12021 Wilshire Blvd ., 
Suite 552, Los Angeles, Ca. 90025. (4/ 
20·30) 

ROOMMATES 
I don't have much. As of May, I won 't 
have a roommate, Mission Hills, 2br/ 
1 ba, $300/mo. AnimaL'vegetable/mineral 
OK. No fungi. Peter 293·0213 (4/6·30) 
Female Roommate Wanted. 2 bedroom! 
1 bath House in Ocean Beach, $400/ 
month piUS 1/2 utilities. Available 5/1. 
Call Tracy 523·1819. (4/9·20) 
Beautiful Mira Mesa Apt. , seeking friendly 
cool roommate, 10 min. from UCSD. 
Near lots of restauranls + stores. 
Available AS AP or start ing 6/1/98. 
$404,50 for own room. Li ly @ 578·7032. 
(4/13·5/28) 
Available now. Masterbedroom, walk· 
in closet and own bath. In a very clean 
and quiet apt. Has washer/dryer, pool , 
covered parking. Near UCSD. 460/mo, 
+ 1/2 utilities. $400 deposit. Cable 
included. 623·02~ (4/20-23) _ 
Roommate wanted to share large 3 
bedroom condo in UTC, 2 miles from 
UCSD, Pets okay. $320/mo. Available 
now! ~7·25_5_3~(4_~_0~) ________ _ 

T he UCSD Ouardian 

FOR RENT 
For rent: UTC/La Jolla Co lony 
town homes: 3·bedroom, 2.5 bath, $1600; 
4·bedroom, 2·bath , $1850, July 1. 
Washer/dryer/refrigerator. Near Vons, 
UTC, Costa Verde. 454·6462. (3130·4/ 
3.Q) _ _ _ _ _ 
Available · a 3 bedroom home slart ing 
Sept. 98, Females only, Guarantee your 
place to stay bet ore you leave for summer. 
Call 558·3752. (4/20·23) 
SEE KING AN APAR TMENT: La w 
student seeking a furnished apartment 
to sublet for the summer, Will be in town 
at the end of May through Mid·August. 
Prefer beach area, safe, quiet, non· 
smoking environment with parking. 
Please leave a message at 685·31 16 (4/ 
20-3~ 

FOR SALE 
DON'T BE A JACKASS I Roll your 
pack! Rollerbags are backpacks that 
can be rolled on the ground to alleviate 
stress on your body. Made of durable 
material with roomy pockets, including 
one for water boll Ie . $49 ,95 , 
www.rollerbags.com or call 619·453· 
1 026. (~16·20) 
Convert ible classic 77 Fiat Spyder. 
Rebuilt engine, new transmission, clutch, 
brakes, canvas top, new dark green paint. 
$3450 OBO, 760-942·0784 (4/20-23) 

~~~~~~ 
~ WOMEN WHO ~ 
; ARE PROUD ; 

of th eir he ritage, you 

; may be eligible to be an ; 

~ egg donor if you are ~ 
~ 21·28 years, healthy, ~ 
~ responsible . ~ 
~ Call Stephanie, FFC ~ 

~ 619·581·1820 ~ 
~ GENEROUS ~ 
~ COMPENSATION ~ 
~ Asian donors needed ~ 
~~~~~~ 

~ ANT E 0 
Professional couple with secondary 
ovarian failure seeks woman to help them 
have a child through surrogacy. $20,000. 

I ApfJtoxImefwIy 2,000 Ross AIumroI .. eutrtnlly In ~ '" I'rlrlfe 1'rKtk:e In file U.S.A. I 
ICIIIIL.. UIIII 1CIIOOL .. ".&JIUIf •• ,aN. 
~"""I""""''''''U.s. T ....... U ... VIIIItMIy ............... 

ua_ u.n.IiII ... ~,..1IIt lor Del Root 'IoWIIwJ ...... 1IoIIIIr '-IMIG< Ph D 
17_ ... mtir .... lilt 1Ikn, ' 
CMnIcaI ................... 1n the U.S. CllnIco' .......... U . .. VtIIIItootry..-

Fullyequipptd ..... ., ......... octtnc. ftclltltt Low'" .rItr fIIio 
.. _ ..... II' ICIIII II1IIl1li I. TII-.rt WI.IITE:_........... .IIITI:_._t.H. 
~II: If Inl,." ..... ~I: ........... ,_ .. 1. .... 

~ Apfll/clfIoIIa For Fl' ,W'"I,u/l/l Sprfng -.. 
For Iurlher Iniamoafion, elll, oorItt, tmeII, '" yjalf 0fJf"'" siles 

RO •• UNIftRSITY 
460 W 34th NY 1000 1 Phone 279-5500 

~ $10 PER HOUR 
GUARANTEED + BONUSES 
~ FLEXIBLE HOURS 
~ FEW BLOCKS FROM CAMPUS 
~ PART - TIME HOURS /FULL TIME PAY 
~ CASUAL WORKING ATMOSTPHERE 

800·450·5343_ (2112·4120) __ _ 
WE'RE LOOKING FOR A FEW GOOD 
SPERM. All races needed, Donors must 
be 20·38 years, Compensation $50 per 
acceptable donation. Call OPTIONS 
(800) 886-9373. (212·614 ) __ 
Jewish American subjects reimbursed 
for interview. II you are a UCSD student , 
21·25, call 552·8585 x4185 for more 
inlormation.(1 /12·6/4) ____ _ 
EGG DONORS NEEDED! Have you 
considered helping an infertile couple's 
dream come true? If you're 21 ·30 years 
and willing to help, please call OPTIONS 
at (800) 886·9373, All races needed. 
Compensation $3,500, (3/30·614) 

EGG DONORS 
WANTED 

If you are a healthy female 
between the ages of 1 9 and 30 

and have health insurance. 
Compensation $3,500. 

Call Mirna Navas at 

(310) 829-6782 
for more info. 

Jewish American subjects reimbursed 
for interview. If you are a UCSD student, 
21·25, call 552·8585 x4185 for more 
inlormation. (3/30·614) 
Males and females paid $30.00 for 
interview. If you are 01 Japanese, KoreBn, 
or Chinese descent call VA, 552·8585 
x2182. (3/30·6/4) 
EXTRA MONEY!!! SKIN BIOPSY for 
Cystic Fibrosis Study. Wanted: normal 
male volunleers to donate 4 skin plugs 
(back/shoulder) $75.00 Compensation. 
Study Site: UCSD Medical Cen ter 
(Hillcresl ). Call 543-6935 or email: 
hbyun @ucsd.edu. $75 for your skin l (4 / 
16·20) 

SERVICES 
Passport photos, $5.95. Color Laser 

50% 

CLASSI FI EDS 17 

Copies, 69 cents, Copies, B&W, 3.5 
cents. Cal Copy, 452·9949 (w/ID). (4/2· 
6/4) 

Typing Service. 10 pages $25. 15 pages 
$30. Pick ups M,W,F; Will type in your 
office I Leave message at 31 0-581·9061 , 
(4 /16·6/4) 
April in Paris! Traveling to France or just 
want improve your French? French 
tutoring and translation, Call 619-794-
7851. (4/16·30) 

Speedy Research 
Rl port. : 56 per _ , 

Over 70,000 topics and papers. Mete,iels for 
r ... weh .'.illanc, on lyl 

(,lij-U, I IiIU) IoI.'HtIl181\'u 2Ikl lh .. lr. RM 2t,,1 
L.h A Ill.-~k .. CA ()l MI.!K 

1Ii1llr, M IIIl r n 11101 111 -(til III '.rturJ;Jp lia III Ip III 
Custom Restfjrrh AviUlfjble 

VtsalMCIAmel[x 
Call 1oda ! 1·800·356·9001 

Need help with Italian? Fluent speaker 
and experienced tutor. Call now: 558· 
3752. (4/20) 

,aliUiW'~'J. 
7PM DEL MAR HILTON· BE THERE! 
YOUR FORMAL INVITATION HAS NOW 
BEEN OFFICIALLY EXTENDED! -SJ ~/20) 
Myra is Yoshi's greatest love! (4/20) 
Congrats my Gerardo; you know I'll miss' 
you (4/20) 
Pol Pot received a hero's welcome in hell 
the other day. 'Dolph Hi tler, Joe Stalin 
and other dignitaries were on hand to 
greet him. (4/20) 
I hear some Swiss two-Iegger is coming 
up with a lorm of Prozac for dogs. That's 
all fine and good , but that's not helping 
me deal with my emotional needs, now is 
it? (4/20) _ 
Next week on UC SD's Koata·TV : 

(4/20) 

~n-' - -- -OFF ~,: ...... ~: .. ' 
COMPUTER RENTALS 

PC or Mac stations with Internet Access (Regularly $12Ihr). 
Loaded with a variety of software including QuarkXpress, PageMaker, 

Photos hop, Illustrator, FreeHand, PowerPoint, MS Word, and much more ... 
8IW Laser 6QOdpi O IlIPII I @ 49( each 

Color Laser JOOdpi OUlpm @ $2.49 each 
Offer expires May 15, t998. Limit one coupon per person please. 

Costa Verde Shopping Center 1 UTC 
8650 Genesee Ave., Sle 11200 

San Diego, CA 92122 
OIT", 24 HOI I{S (619) 457·9500 

EDITOR·IN-CHIEF 
Application deadline: Thursday, April 30 , 1998 

Interview.: Monday, May 4 
Electl"n.: Tues. May 5 & Wed, May 6 

Managing Editor Spons Editor and ASSOCiate Sports 
Copy Ed itor and Ass~ciate Copy On·Line Editor 
News Editor and Associate News Design Editor 
Opinion Editor and Associate Opinion Photo Editor 
Features Editor and ASSOCiate Features Graphics Edt tor 
Hiatus Editor and Associate Hiatus Computer Network Suppon 

Application deadline: Thursday, May 14, 1998 
Interview.: May lS·May 22 

Elections: May lS·May 22 
Mall Resume, Cover letter, and work samples (If available) to 

TIM .oltor In cWe, 
.500 QIi_ Ih. "Ill 

LI! .loll., CA 12"300111 
or drop off application In the Guardian of fices located in Room 217. 

Student Center A (above Soft Reserves) 
For eddltlotull .r-8tIoII, pIe_ c .. 'eny, ........ or fIr_ II .14-4 ... 

-



18 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian 

Think These Pieces Can't Fit Together? 

Pfeparald =:;S 1opora , work Meanln allon In £duc 
~r--t-I 

For more Infonnllf/on contact Scor., 
a unit of the Washington Post Co.: 

1-80049-SCORE 
_ .score.kaplan.com 

University of California 

THE U( EDUCATION ABROAD PROGRAM PRUlNTS 
A NEW YEAR-LONG PROGRAM IN 

South airica 
AT THE UNIVERSITY OF NATAL IN 
PIETERMARITZIURG AND THE 
UNIVERSITY OF CAPE TOWN 

The two universities are at the forefront of the educational and 
social transformation taking place in South Africa. 
EAP offers a full·year program starting in Winter 1999 with 
courses in a wide range of fields , including: 
• Zulu Language & Culture ~~~;;;~~ 
• Wildlife Science 
• Rural Sociology 
• Zoology 
• Resources Manageme nt 
• Political Science 
• Colonial 8. South African literature 
• History .. ,and more! 

Earn UC Credit 
UC Financial Aid 

Applies 
Scholarships 

Available 

Sponsored by the ·UC Education Abroad Program 
Choose from locations at: 

• Christchurch 
• Dunedin 
• Auckland 
• Palmerston North 
• Wellington 
• Hamilton 

"My three years at Score provided me with 
the perfect training ground for business 
school. I couldn't have asked 
for a better opportunity. " 
Ben Besley, Harvard Business School '99 

Think again. 
Apply to Score. 
It's a perfect fit. 

Information Session: Tuesday, April 21 , University Center 
Room 111A, 5-7 PM 

Resume Drop Deadline: Wednesday, April 22 
UCSD Career Center 

On-Campus Interviews: Monday and Tuesday, May 4- 5 
UCSD Career Center 

Education Abroad Program 

Do You Get Along 
Well With 
Kangaroos 
& Koalas? 

Consider a year down under 
with the 

UC Education Abroad Program 
in Australia in 19991 

Scho{a rships 
Available! 

Ell rn UC Credit 

Spend 1999 in L~l~ [N] ~ 
~ @JlMHE]~\ ~ C~ 

fAP & OAP 
ProaralllS 
Avallabl• 

UC EAP Programs in Brazil, Chile, Costa Rica, Mexico 
• Earn UC Credit 
• All UC Financial Aid applies 
• Additional Automatic Scholarships 
• Semester and Year Options • Earn UC Credit 

$600 automatic 
scholarshipsl 

OAP Programs in Most Latin American Countries I 

and many more ... 
Financial Aid apPlil.""."P.9I9!",."mtftM!!1 

• Earn UC Credit 

• Financial Aid apPlies'I;~=I!r11m'9!~".! • Summer, Quarter, 
Semester and 
Year Options 

For more Information pall 534-1123, or abroad@ucsd.edu UCSD Programs Abroad Office 
Visit our Web Site: httpllorpheus.ucsd.edu/icenter/ 

The Charger. turned over a new Leaf on Saturday •••• 
Only time will tell If they ever ... another Super Iowll 

.Glve u. a call .... tell the Coach WINd ,eu tIIIDIC 834 8182 

Monday, April 20, 1998 

FAT: 
The gut justs keeps 
on keepin ' on 
Continued from pa,e 20 
in IhaL spo!. 

You can' t leave Ihe hou,e, 
because what if your team decides 
to trade up whi le you went our to 
get some food? For thai maller, we 
don' t spend much time in the balh-
room either - same logic. 

On Sunday, Ihe same routine is 
rcpealed - unless you have to go 
to work at some horrendous job 
where Ihey m.:tually expect you to 
be Ihere, be coherent and edi l ·Iuff. 

Anyway, jusLIO give you an idea 
of how much fun this whole thing 
rea lly is, allow me to share Ihe 
'Lory of last April's draft. Piclure 
me and the boys, including Illy 
friend's fa lher, who fl ew down 
from NoCalto be with us on such a 
beautiful day. The night before we 
wenl and boughl a pony keg of 
Sierra Nevada Pale Ale and olher 
assorled beer foods (chips, pretze ls. 
entire sides of heel) - cverylhing 
was ready and lapped at 8:59 a.lll. 

We proceeded to watch the tirst 
three rounds of the draft , drinking 
ourselves silly before mosl people 
even ro lled out of bed. By noon, we 
were hammered, and it was in Ihis 
Slale that [ commilled a draft-day 
sin , and paid dearly for it. 

I went to play an indoor soccer 
[M game. Yes. [ know. I missed 
almost four picks in the first round! 
What was [ thinking'! 

[ Iried 10 make up for it by call-
ing home at halftime of my game . . 
Then my roommate told me that 
my tcam (the Stee lers you morons) 
had Iraded up and took Darnell 
Aulry. In a sober state, I wou ld 
have laughed Ihis off as completely 
inconceivable. BUI, my hazy mind-
set allowed me 10 be convinced th at 
Ihe Slee lers aC lually traded up and 
look a fourth ro und-quality running 
back when we already had an AII -
Pro in the Bus! Insanit y! 

I went into a rage. I turned my 
soccer game inlo Ihe scvenlh gallle 
of the NHL playoffs as I slammed 
people into the boards, lea rs run-
ning down my face, distraught over 
whal happened. 

Of course, when I got home, I 
found oul that none of il was Irue, 
and I was the laughingstock of the 
party (which is nothing new). 

This year, we were too lazy La 
get the keg, but that was OK. con-
sidering some peop le still hadn 'l 
sobered up fro m Friday, We dUli -
fully took our places and opened 
our presenls for anoLher nine hours. 
By Ihe time the Steelers took Hines 
Ward wi lh Lhe n nd and tinal pick 
of the day, we were fat and happy. 
So, we decided to barbe(;Ue large 
pieces of beef 10 continue our 
lestoslerone-Ii lied afternoon. 
- Somehow, I was dressed up like 
Randy Moss (all -mesh shorts and 
jersey, socks pulled up pas I the 
knees, sideways baseball hal ) all 
day. Today, that seems a little oul of 
place, but at the lime, when deliri -
um from lack of sleep and a diet of 
co ld Egg McMuflins and aleobol 
was whal I was func lioning on, it 
seemed complete ly normal -
almost necessary in fact. 

I know many of you arc shaking 
your heads, thinking thai I cou ldn ' t 
si nk any lower. Hah ! Never doubl 
me and the boys. I' m alrcady feign -
ing over next year', draft. thinking 
of who I' ll be dres~ed up as and Ihe 
farm we' ll have to order our cow 
from . ntilthen, I suppose I'll just 
li ve with Ihe memori es of my 
Chri slma ' in April. 

Monday. April 20, 1998 The UCSD Guardian 

Tritons Silence Lions 
ROAR: The No.9-ranked Tritons easily handled Loyola Marymount, 13-6 
By Jonah Nls.nson lead. the Tritons let up some in the 
Co-Associate Sports Editor second quarter, scoring 3 goals, 

That's why they call il the bUI allowing the Lions to get on 
home-tield/court/pool advantage: the board with 3 of their own. The 
when people show up to support stingy defense of the li rst quarter 
their team, il makes the _.~1iIIII had eased up a lillie. The 
home leam play better and Tritons' goals came 
pressure on Ihe visitors. from Ozaki, who scored 

The Tritons delinitely Iwice more, as did Ihe 
used their advantage Fri- southpaw junior Alice 
day night. Huszcz with a heated 

Another vocal crowd shot past Loyola's 
showed up last weekend to goalie,. Jean Yasahura. 
hecklc, laugh and cheer ils "We played well in 
home team Lo victory. . spurts," sophomore 

Last Wednesday 's loss to the Megan Wallis said. who scored 2 
Aztecs of San Diego Slate 'was all goals in the game. "II 'S hard for us 
but forgolten. 10 playa solid game of water polo. 

This time a small yet loud We always seem to play one bad 
group of fans watched the No. 9- quarter." 
ranked UCSD women's water Despite Ihe 3 goals allowed, 
polo team take the roar out of the UCSD goalie Maryam Hadiashar 
mouth of the Lions of Loyola had the crowd fired up when she 
Marymount Universily, 13-6. made a brilliant save off a Loyola 

Fast and furious was the Triton 4-meter penally shot. With amlS 
altitude out of Ihe gales as they reaching to thei r furthest length. 
jumped ollt La an early 5-0 lead in Hadiashar was ahle to lurn away a 
the lirsl quarter. The lirsl goa l of len corner shot. driving the 
the game was scored by junior already raucous crowd to further 
Jenny Irwin, who had inside water ecslasy. 
position on a six-an-live and was At the half. Head Coach Denny 
able to tip a lob pass hy the Loy- Harper reminded hi s troops of Ihe 
ola goalie. necessi lY of playing good waler 

Then the trouble began for the polo throughout Ihe game and 
Lions. Junior Kathryn Ozaki got Ihey took the words to heart , com-
hold of the ball and put away 2 ing out in the third quarter wilh 
goals in the quarter en route to a 6- renewed inlensity. 
goal day, permanently leaving Freshman Hilary Smith hit a 
Loyola in the dust. Ozaki shot 6 shot OUI of 2-melers, and not long 
for 6 in Lhe game. after. Ozaki fired in her fifth goal 

Feeling cOl11forlable in the of Ihe day on an easy breakaway 

aner Lopez sto le the ball at mid-
pool and fed her with a prelty lob 
pass. 

LMU had a bil of luck in the 
quarter with the dock expi ring as 
Cara Schindler sank I of her 2 
goals on the day. 

With the game vi rtually locked 
up al the start of the fourth . Harp-
er len in his first team for a short 
while, then relieved them with his 
second team. 

Before taking a seat for Ihe 
remainder of the game, Ozaki fin-
ished up her feeding frenzy wi lh 
her six th goal , and Walli s dis-
played a marvelous 360-degree 
spin at hole set 10 shed Ihe defend-
er and send a lob shOI just under 
the crossbar for her second goal of 
Ihe day. 

Wallis had been having di Hi -
cully previously getting shots off 
from the hole set posilion. 

"[ think I played well ," Wallis 
said. "I could hold posilion and 
gel Ihe hall al hole SCI, bUI Ihe ref-
eree was calling fouls early. so we 
couldn 'l gel a 101 of shOls from 
hole sel." 

The TrilOl1s improved 10 ll-14 
on the season, whi Ie the Lions fell 
10 9-11. 

Next weekend UCSD heads to 
Stanford for the Western Qualili -
Calion Tournamenl , where it will 
have a difficult task: overcome 
ei ther UCLA or UC Davis. This 
has 10 be done in order 10 get a 
berth in Lhe USA Collegiate 
Nationals on May 8-10. 

CLOSER: 
Nationals is drawing 
near for the Tritons 
Conti_eel frOlll paCe 20 
"Our women gave a stellar perfor-
mance. They were very exciting." 

It was the men's 4x400 relay, 
however. thai provided the most 
drama of the entire meel. 

Heading inlo the linal leg of the 
relay, Mall Amero found himself in 
a three-way tie for first as Lhe run-
ners approached Ihe last 150 
melers. 

Neck and neck. Amero dove for 
the fini sh line, barely ahead of the 
other competitors, and won the race 
for hi s leam in a pholo fin ish. send-
ing every spectator into an appre-
cialive cheer. 

The team's sprinlers also lurned 
some tine performances. Andrew 
Gonzalez won his heat in the 100-
meters as well as a second-place 
finish in the 200-meLers. 

Teammates Nick Larkin and 
Juan Magdaroag also turned in a 
solid perfonnances in the 100 and 
200, respecti ve ly. Larkin per-
formed especially well , selling a 
personal record in the 100 wilh a 
time of : 11 .53, one-half second 
faster Ihan his previous hesltime in 
thai evenl. 

"Our sprinters have really been 
outslanding," Van Arsdale said. 
"I've always told our athletes to 

. persevere no mailer what the condi -
lions. They rea ll y took advantage 
of the good condilions." 

There were also several strong 
performances by the Triton women. 
Severa I personal records were 
recorded as the team seemed to be 
really in a rhythm. Ann Moore set a 

SPORTS 19 

personal record in the long jump 
with an impressive mark of 
15 ' 11.75". Long-distance runner 
Lezlee Tamo broke her personal 
best in the 3,OOO-meters by more 
Ihan 20 seconds with a time of 
10:43.5. 

Nicole Rodriguez qualified for 
Nationals in the 400-meter hurdles 
with a personal record-time of 
I :03.62. Team co-captain Jenn 
Gillis also set a personal record in 
the 400 as well as bei ng a key con-
tributor for the women's relay 
team. 

"lenn was really running her 
best in Ihe long relay," Van Arsdale 
said. "She is a key for the relay 
team. Wilhout her. we aren't as 
competilive." 

Coming into the linal weeks of 
Lhe season, the UCSD track and 
field team seems t;) be really 
focused on its individual and team 
goals. 

"We arc aL a point where Ihe 
team seems to be coming together." 
Gillis said . "Everyone really per-
fanned well Friday." 

For some of the Iraek and field 
team, nexi weekend is perhaps the 
biggest weekend of the season. The 
top track and tield athletes in every 
evenl from CaIifomia and Ne~ada 
will compete' in the State Collegiate 
Championships aL Fresno State. 
UCSD will send 10 men and four 
women to compete and represent 
UCSD. 

"For many on our team, next 
weekend will be as big as Nation-
als." Van Arsdale said. 

After Ihis weekend, the UCSD 
track and field Leam has only a few 
more meets before the end of the 
season and hopefully for many on 
our team, a Lrip Lo Nationals. 

All Around Campus 
Showtime at the Stage-
Urban Style 
Enter to be part of this talent show which will 
combine the hip- hop, R&B, soul, jazz, and 
comedy talent of the UCSD community. First 
Prize is $300, and the runner up gets $100. 
Entry forms are available at SOLO, EDNA, 
TMC Dean's office, and the Cross Cultural 
Center and are due by April 28th. Call 534-
0496 for info. 

Ballroom Dance 
April 27, 7-10 pm 
Don't miss out on a night of hot and steamy 
nightclub dances! Come join the fun in the 
Price Center Ballroom B. Its free and no expe-
rience is needed. Bring a partner if you want, 
but if you can't we wili hook you up. Call 
824-0637 for info. 

Spring Carnival 199. 
Las Madres Parent Connection presents its 
annual spring carnival on Sunday May 3rd, 
from 1 Oam- 1 pm. 1 0 - 1 2 volunteers are 
needed to help out. Volunteers will receive a 
free lunch and a gift. If interested please call 
Valerie at 534- 1414 

$2 Movies @ Price Center 
Private Parts ~~--~~--~~=-~~~.-

Tuesday April 21 st. tpm and 10pm in the PC Theatre 

Jackie Brown 
23rd tpm and 10pm in the PC Theatre 

.-' 

-



. -

20 SPORTS 

The 
Coach 
Travis Hill 
The NFL Draft: It's 
Christmas in April 

A~ last week trudged along. 
people were trying to lind some-
Ihing 10 look forward to. 

Some pointed to Ihe Third 
Eye Blind TG as a savior, hut 
found out that Jim Jones was 
more of a prophet. Others 
looked to the various parties that 
dOlled the San Diego landscape 
only to find that those parties 
were the same a the weekend 
before and the weekend hefore 
and the weekend ... 

So what did Coach and the 
boys put their faith in '! The 1998 
NFL Draft! 

Oh my Lord, what a glorious 
occasion. It is a maj()r holiday in 
my house. We did more home-
work for the draft Ihan all of our 
d asses put together. 

Screw mIdterms, the talk at 
Coach's house sounded like 
thi s: "What do you think the 
Steelers arc going to do wi th 
thei r compensatory selections in 
the third , lifth and seventh 
rounds? Will they look to trade 
up'! I think they need depth at 
corner and 'bader: .. .. 

The draft is tradition, and it 
cannot be messed with. It is the 
greatest ce lebration of testos-
terone since the Ultimate Fight-
ing Championships. 

It is like Christmas in April 
- every round your team gets a 
new present for the upwming 
season! Some would call us 
"maniacs" and try to describe 
what we do i)S "insane," but 
what they don ' t understand is 
this: You can' t have the Supcr 
Bowl without the draft , but you 
can have the draft without the 
Super Bowl. Think about that , 
people. 

OK, I think I got ahead of 
myself. Let me fill some of you 
in on the proceedings concern-
ing the NFL Draft , Coach's 
preparation for it and in turn, the 
celebration of it. 

The Draft starts at 9 a.m. Sat-
urday morning , which is bright 
and freaking early considering 
that some of us got home from 
Friday night 's activities just a 
few hours before. 

Nevertheless, our whole 
house is up, and we take our 
places on the couches. We have 
to be comfortable there, wnsid-
ering the fact that we 're going to 
be spending the next nine hours 

See FAT, Page 18 

Inside •• ~ 
Soccer 
On page J 4 we feature 
Nate Hetherington, 
former Triton socce'r 
standout and current 
San Diego Flash .ftar 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, April 20, 1998 

Dave Lubltz/ Guardian 
Quick Move: Triton first baseman Eric Pangel inan and pitcher John Gherini attempt to pick off a Panther runner during UCSD's 2-0 win . 

o l GAME HU OU 
GHERINI: The Tritons needed a clutch performance against rival Chapman, and got a big 2-0 victory 
By John Maynard 
Staff Writer 

John Gherini can go ror h () ur~ . 
In Saturday's gamc against Chapman Uni -

versity. Tri ton starter John Gherini went all the 
way, en route to the Tri lon 's lirst 
shulout viclory or the season. 

Although Head Coach Dan O'Brien 
has always stressed that haseball is a 
team sport, the si ngle-handed heroics 
of Gherini in Saturday'S victory over 
Ihe Panthers cannot be overlooked. 

Gherini was on lire Saturday. The 
junior pitched a complete game, relin-
quishing only 3 hits all afternoon as 
UCSD beat Chapman, 2-0. 

"John had a great game," Eric Pangelinan 
said. "Nobody could hit off him." 

With this latest victory, UCSD has evened 
oul to .500 on the season with 14 wins and 14 
losses. 

But .500 isn' t indicati ve the UCSD's pl ay 
of late. The Tritons have come on strong 
towards the end of the season. In thei r past 
eight games, the Tri tons have only lost one. 

Equally impressive is their record at homc. 

At Triton lield, O' Brien's crew is 9-3. They 
have rca li zed what O' Brien has said all along: 
.• ohody w mes to our licle! and dictates:' 

On Saturday, thi s is exm:tl y whal hap-
pened. hapman. with a 20-9 record , was 

looking to lock in a playoffhiu , and the 
Panthers thought thai the Trilons were 
beatahlc. 

Chapman, howcver, was wron.' Of 
the 31 batters Gheri y six 
of them were al 'l In 
this shutdown, 'I" 1 li t 
four, while only walk"lg .11 ~ . 

While Chapman was weak at the 
plate, the Tritons were more success-

ful. Though their day at the plate didn ' t resem-
ble an aft ernoon at the cages, the Triton bats 
did what they had'to do to wi n. 

UCSD scattered a few hits in the lirst few 
innings hut Ihe Tritons and Panthers were 
deadlocked at zero through the fifth . 

In the hottom of the sixth inning, til(; Tri -
tons broke the ti c with a 2-run inning. UCSD's 
most consislcnt hat. Ryan Hill , who had 2 hits 
Saturday, drove in left lielder George 
Escanuclas for thc go-ahead run . Designated 

hiller Steve Pelletier who has been on lire 
lately, followed Hill 's single with a drive of 
hi s own, bringing home. Hill for a 2-0 lead . 

From here, the Tritons never looked hack. 
Though the Panthers did get their bats on the 
ball , the Tri ton defense helped "marathon 
man" Gherini wi th a show of its own. 
Escanuelas charged in from left fi eld to make 
a spectacular diving catch on a blooper to 
shallow left-center. Hill also helped out hi s 
pitcher as the thi rd baseman ran down a pop-
up ncar the Triton dugout. 

In what couldn ' t have been a better fini sh, 
Gherini ended hi s solid afternoon by striking 
out the Chapman first baseman for the third 
and fina'l out in the bottom of the ninth. 

This 14th victory for the Tritons was huge. 
Though playoff realities remain uncertain, 
Saturday 's win was crucial , as the Tritons now 
have the edge over Chapman, winning two of 
three in the series this season. 

Of course, the Tritons aren ' t thinking post-
season. They have more immediate concerns 
such as winning the first inning in thi s after-
noon's home game against Southern Califor-
nia College. First pitch is at 3 p.m. 

Tritons Need More Tickets To St. Paul 
NATIONALS: In a month, UCSD will be sending 
a large and talented contingency to Minnesota 
By Saul Sheridan 
Staff Writer 

When you go long periods of 
time without something that you 
once had taken for granted, you 
tend to really appreciate it when it 
comes back. 

That is how the UCSD track and 
lield team must have fell this Fri-
day at Pomona College. Afler sev-
eral weeks of uncharacteristically 

rainy wnditions, the Tritons finally 
got a chance to enjoy the sun as 
they competed in the Pomona-
Pitzer Invitational at Pomona-
Pitzer Field. 

,"It was a great day for track," 
senior runner Jenn Gillis said. "The 
weather was perfect. lIt! was a 
complete turnaround from what 
we've had in the past weeks." 

The results were some exciting 

The Week Ahead ... 
B.seball 
Today at 3 p,m" the 
streaking Tritons will 
play host to Southern 
California College as 
they look to the playo.fJs 

Men'. Volleyball 
The Tritons will have a 
busy weekend ahead 
of them as they will 
enter into the Ojai 
Tournament 

performances as the Tritons took 
advantage of the ideal conditions. 
Several personal and sea-
sonal bests were set as 
well as some qualifying 
marks for Nationals. 

"Everyone looked real-
ly good out there," said 
junior Rory Clarke, who 
set a personal best in the 
8oo-meters. "Everyone 
'eemed to be winning 
their races," 

Among those that had success 

Softball 
Tomorrow the Tritons 
will travel to Claremont 
College to take on the 
Athenas in an afternoon 
doubleheader 

Friday were the men 's and 
women 's relay teams. The men's 

4x 100 relay team set a sea-
son record with a time of 
:42.84. Not to be forgotten 
was the performance by 
the women's 4x400 team, 
which set a seasonal best 
in the event with a time of 
4:01 .33. 

"Our men's relay learn 
had excellent execution," 

Head Coach Ted Van Arsdale said. 
See CLOSER, Page 19 

Women'. Tennis 
UCSD is looking to 
bolster its postseason 
resume against the 
Athenas of Claremont 
College this Saturday 


