
Elsewhere 
EI Nliio Storm Hits 
Stanford University 
STANFORD - Classes were 
canceled on Wednesday and 
several buildings, including 
Green Library, were dam-
aged after a storm drenched 
Stanford University last 
week. Within a few hours on 
Monday, material s on the 
basement floors of the Green 
Library, the Jonsson Library 
of Government Documents, 
the Cubberley Auditorium 
and the Braun Music Center 
were submerged in up to two 
feet of water. The floodin g 
damaged or destroyed 
120,000 books at Green and 
10,000 recordings at the 
Braun Archive of Recorded 
Sound. Hundreds of student 
volun teers gathered at 3:30 
a.m. to help evacuate library 
books and recordings. 
Classes resumed on 
Thursday. 

- The Stanford Daily 

$100 MIllion 
Donated To USC 
LOS ANGELES -
Biomedical en trepreneur 
Alfred f\:1ann will give $100 
million to the University of 
Southern California School 
of Engineering , one of the 
largest donations ever given 
to an American university, 
in order to establish a bi o-
medical-engineering 
research institute on cam-
pus . Part of the donation 
will finance a new four-
story building on campus to 
hos t the department and the 
Alfred Mann Institute. The 
donation is the second 
larges t in the uni ve rsi ty 'S 
hi story, behind the $120 
milli on donated in 1993 by 
Wal ter Annenberg to tmild 
the Annenherg School for 
Communi cati ons. 

- The Daily Trojan 

Student Diagnosed 
With Meningitis 
BLOOMINGTON, Ind.-
Indiana University sopho-
more Ryan Pike was in criti-
ca l condit ion last Wednesday 
after being diagnosed with 
meningococcal meningiti s, 
the bacterial form of meningi-
ti s. Meningitis is an inflam-
mation of the lining surround-
ing the brain and spinal cord . 
Pike, a member of the Sigma 
Phi Epsilon fraternity, also 
worked as a food server for 
the house. Health authorities 
gave poten tially infected stu-
dents a powerful antibiotic on 
Wednesday. Sigma Phi 
Epsilon President Michael 
Frew said that on Tuesday, 
before Pike was diagnosed 
with meningitis, he had blue 
lips and swollen feet , and 
could not stand on his own. 
- The Indialla Dail Student 

Spoken ••• 
"/ want Californians to 
know that thejr state 
government is working 
hard to protect them 
and their property. " 

Pete Wilson 
Governor 

Lovey-Dovey Day Lessons 
Our writers opine on all of the Michael Butler 
hoopla and circumstance teaches while acting 
surrounding Valentine s Day as a public defender 

Opinion, page 4 Features, page 9 

H I U C 

UC SAN DIEGO MONDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 1998 

Rain, Rain Go Away 

. Andrew Chen/Guardian 
Muck: A PPS maintenance worker cleans mulch that rain 
swept onto the Geisel Library entrance last Friday. 

EL NINO: Torrential 
downpours flood 
many parts of campus 
By Anna Valsman 
Senior Staff Writer 

Some of the worst flooding 
UCSD has ever seen occurred 
last Friday afternoon when heavy 
rainfall caused several drainage 
overflows on campus. 

According to Physical Plant 
Services (PPS) Grounds 
Superintendent Steve Pyle, at 
least 20 areas on campus flooded 
on Friday, though the total extent 
of the damage is not yet known. 

Among the fl ooded areas were 
the Geise l Library's main 
entrance, the Mandev ille 
Auditorium loading dock , Porters 
Pub, Galbraith Hall , York Hall , 
the Office for Students With 
Di sabilities, the Biomedical 
Library, the Music building, the 
engineering buildings, Student 
Center B, the Basic Sci nce 
Building, Scripps Institution of 
Oceanography, and some student 
housing areas. 

In addition, Pyle said several 
streets on and near campus fl ood-
ed, including Villa La Jolla Drive 
and at least one of the streets 
around the Pepper Canyon 
Apartments. 

As of late Friday afternoon, 
PPS workers had laid out almost 
2,000 sandbags in various parts 
of campus, such as the main 

See DAMAGE, Page 3 

Wilson Declares State of Emergency for 
27 Counties; Classes Cancelled At UCSB 
DISASTER: Gov. 
requested federal 
assistance on Sunday 
By Leena Shankar 
Associate News Editor 

Gov. Pete Wilson declared a 
state of emergency in five coun-
ties on Sunday, bringing the total 
number of California counties in 
a crisis situation due to the recent 
rain storms and flooding to 27 . 

The five counties declared to 
be in a state of emergency on 
Sunday are Humboldt, San Lui 
Obispo, Lake, Mendocino and 
Sutter. Wilson had previously 
named 22 other countie to the 
list - Alameda, San Mateo, 
Tehama, Colusa, Napa, Santa 
Barbara, Contra Costa, Santa 

Clara, Ventura , Marin, Yolo, 
Yuba, Glenn, Santa Cruz, Butte, 
Merced, San Francisco, San 
Benito, Sonoma, Calaveras, 
Monterey and San Joaquin. 

" I want Californians to know 
that their state government is 
working hard to protect them and 
their property," Wilson said . 
"State agencies are working 
around the clock to protect the 
safety of Californians. I applaud 
their efforts, and those of the 
thousands of dedicated men and 
women who are engaged in fight-
ing these storms." 

The 27 counties are now eligi-
ble to recover costs incurred dur-
ing disaster-relief efforts. 

Yesterday, Wilson requesting 
that these 27 counties also be 
declared federal di aster areas, 

thereby making them eligible for 
additional disaster-relief programs. 

Including temporary housing 
assistance, individual and family 
grant programs, disaster unem-
ployment assistance, and crisis 
counseling. 

Several Universi ty of 
Cali fornia campuses have suf-
fered as a result of the rains and 
floods. 

Classes were canceled at UC 
Santa Barbara as a result of 
ex tremely severe thunderstorms 
on Friday that left streets covered 
with up to four feet of water, and 
UC Berkeley suffered about 
$50,000 in damage from 'a hilltop 
mudslide. 

Both UC Santa Cruz and UC 
Davis suffered from minor nood-
ing. 

Hoops ~ Men s basketball ~ beats Chapman and Z 
Pacific Christian 0 

Sports, page 16 :E 

5 D 

VOLUME 93, ISSUE II 

Vozand 
Indicator 
In Crisis 

. MEDIA: A.S. revokes 
funding for Chicano-
Mexicano newspaper 
By VIncent Gragnani 
Staff Writer 

La Vuz Fronteriza , a UCSD student 
publication, was denied funding this 
quarter by the A.S. Counci l after its 
members spent more than their allocat-
ed funds last quarter by publishing 
23,000 copies of their first-and last-
Issue. 

As a result , according to A.S. Vice 
President Finance Tony Fiori , La Voz 
FronteriZlI received no funding in Ihis 
quarter 's A.S. budget. 

However, members of the publica-
tion appealed the counci l's decision. 
The finance committee wi II di scuss 
whether to allocate money from the 
media unallocated fund to the organi -
zation at its meeting Wednesday. 

Student Activilies and Government 
Ass istant Director Randy Woodard 
said there was good reason for the 
denial of funds. 

"Their funding was frozen," he 
said. "They printed 23,000 copies of 
their paper in the fall without having 
the money. They vio lated the bylaws." 

A.S. Commissioner of 
Communications Valerie Grant said 
the group's actions were "an abuse of 
media privileges." 

In related media news, the New 
Indicator is still facing a possible evic-
tion by the University Centers 
Advisory Board (UCAB). 

Last week, UCAB sent the New 
Indicator a memo asking its members 
to vacate their office space by Friday, 
Feb. 13. 

Members of the New Indicator had 
scheduled a meeting with Woodard 
last Wednesday to reregister as a stu-
dent organization but failed to meet 
that appointment due to one member's 
illness. 

Although a new appointment has 
not yet been made, Woodard said they 
would probably reschedule the meet-
ing. 

Even if the New Indicator re-regis-
ters, however, its members may still 
lose their space. 

UCAB Vice Chair Joe Leventhal 
said the board will request a list of reg-
istered media from the Student 
Organizations and Leadership 
Opportunities office this week. 

UCAB will then distribute applica-
tions for the New Indicator's current 
office space to regislered media orga-

See MONEY, Page 7 



2 NEWS 

Muir Wins College 
lowl Competition 
BATTLE: Grandmaster Flash will represent 
UCSD at the regional tournament in Fullerton 
By y.ul Yang 
Staff Writer 

Wilh the t.heme o f " Image is 
Nothing. Brains are Everything." 
in annual All -Campus College 
Bowl Tournament participants 
dazzled onlookers with their men-
tal prowess last Wednesday night 
at the Price Center Theater. 

The competition consisted of 
two seven-minute question-and-
answer contests 
between IWO 
teams. 

the College Bowl competition. 
Grandmaster Flash will repre-

sent UCSD at the Regional 
College Bowl Competition at Cal 
State Fu lIerton ofi Feb. 20 and 
Feb. 21. 

" I ' m really excited that Muir 
will be representing UCSD at the 
regional competition," said Tami 
Hiroyasu, Muir College student 
aClivities coordinator. "At our 

college alone. 
~~~ Ihere were 12 

teams competing 
to just qualify for 
the college bowl so 
the competition 
proved to be stiff 
this year." 

Darren Munk 
was Grandmaster 

Prior to the 
event. each college 
held a competition 
to determine itslwo 
best teams. The 10 
winning teams, 
each with four stu-
dents. competed in 
the College Bowl. 

Muir College 
Dean Chips 
Dreilinger hosted 
the competition. 

"I am 
confident that 

Aash's team cap-
tain . Sig Gee, 
Brent Martin and 
Kyle Roderick 
rounded out the 

"The action 

our team will 
do well thl. 
year at the 

team. 
"Muir rocks." 

during the compe-
tition was fast and 
furious," said Ted 
Schelby. a Muir 
student. 

The 10 teams 
were the 
Argonauts. Decaf, 
EI Nino. Four 

Gee said when 
asked how he felt 
about their victory. 

Re .. onal •• We 
are on top of 
things and are 
at a very 
competHlve 
level." 

Usually. about 
9 to 12 schools in 
the western region 

California, 
Hawaii and 
Nevada - com-

Sophia Shih pete at the region-Tough Guys. 
Futility of it All. Marshall senior als. This year. the 
Grandmaster Flash. The 
Hardcore. Hola Ledeska. The 
New Revolution and Oh Yeah. 

Marshall ' s EI Nino, Muir 's 
Grandmaster Flash. Revelle's 
Futility of it All and Roosevelt ·s 
Hola Ledeska made it to the semi-
linals. 

Muir 's Grandmas ter Flash. 
which scored 140 points in the 
finals. beat Futility of it All to 
capture Muir 's fourth victory in 

Addendum: 

list includes Stanford University. 
University of San Diego and Cal 
State Fullerton. Last year. UCSD 
placed fourth overall. 

" I am confident that our team 
will do well thi s year at the 
Regionals," said Marshall senior 
Sophia Shih. assistant marketing 
coordinator for the College 
Bowl. " We are on top of things 
and are at a very competitive 
level. " 

• Fred K orematsu 's v is it to UC SD mentioned in the February 5 
Guardian article. "Free at L ast." was sponsored by the Marshall 
College Dean 's Office, the Cross Cultural Center. the Hewlett 
Diversity and Unity Fund, and the Dimensions of Culture offi ce 
foundation. 

III 
rhe UCSO Guard,." Is pUblished Mondeys and Thursdays duri,. the academic 

ye .. by and for the students or UCSO. Reproductlor> at tills __ In OIlY 
form. whether In whole or In pert. without permission Is strlc:tly PIOhIbtted. 
01997. all riC/lIs re,.._ . The UCSO GuM<MMl ls not rell)Ol1Slb1e too the return 
at un.olielled manUlCrlllls or art. The \IIews e.".e.sed herein do not necessartly 
..... nt the opinions at The UCSO ~"'. lhe IJnivefsIly at CatKomi. or l he 
Auocilled StudentS. The UCSO GwrdIMI I. tunded solely 1Iy IdvertllllrW. 
'--s: I'm 10 ..... , . Ilrlod IIUI . .. you '*' _ . I """1 ........,. :~ - J.K. 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, February 9, 1998 

ETCETERA ... 

SoN OF WITH.~~:;~ J . 

wttAT WILL. ,..~£~ WRIT-£' Ot\J ~ou~ 
-rOM5STONi? 

BRIEFLY ••• 

! Hf,LPEO IIIVA.tc 
N I c.AI~&u" "'''0 
ALI.. I ",oT WAS 
THIS L.OvS ~ 

TOM.STC"f; 

UCSF Names New Chancellor 
Nobel laureate J. Michael Bishop was chosen as the 

new chancellor of UC San Francisco on Friday, Feb. 6. 
Bishop is one of the world 's foremost medical 
researchers and a leading advocate for science educa-
tion and increased public investment in scientific 
research. 

"He brings to the position international renown and 
a sterling record of accomplishment in research ,· said 
UC President Richard Atkinson. "He also is an inspira-
tional and award-winning teacher. an eloquent 
spokesman for the university and a highly effective 
fundraiser .• 

Last July, former UCSF Chancellor Joseph Martin left to 
become dean of the Foculty of Medicine at Harvard 
University. Haile Debas. dean of the UCSF School of 
Medicine. acted as chancellor until Bishop was appointed. 

Bishop won the Nobel Prize in 1989 with UCSF prer 
fessor Harold Varmus. They won the award for discov-
ering that normal cells contain genes that can cause 
cancer if they malfunction. 

Bishop was recently appointed by President Clinton 
as chairman of the National Cancer Advisory Board. He 
has also cerauthored three books and nearly 400 sci-
entifIC papers, publications and reviews. 

Bishop has ties to San Diego as a non-resident fellow. 
of the Salk Institute since 1990. He was born and raised 
in rural Pennsylvania. receiving his undergraduate degree 
from Gettysburg College and his M.D. from Harvard. 

Bishop, 61. will become the eighth person to lead 
UCSF in its 135-year history. It is the only one of UC's nine 
campuses devoted exclusively to the health sciences. 

UCSD Celebrates Bllick History 
Month with Cajun Cuisine 

Plaza Cafe will be celebrating Block History Month by 
serving Cajun cooking and Creole cuisine for lunch on 
today from 11 a.m. to 2 p.m. The cafe will serve a lunch 
including honey barbecue ribs. Cajun catfish, Creole jam-
balaya, skillet cornbread. Waldorf chicken salad. peach 
cobbler, New Orleans seafood gumbo and stewed ox tails. 
Eoch dish is $1.25 or one entree, two side dishes and 
one dessert can be purchased for $4.25. 

'Red Paint and the Seven 
Persons' To Ring OUt Over UCSD 

The chimes atop Geisel Library will ring out a world 
premiere on Tuesday. Feb. 10. Running Bear Bunch, a 
Warren undergraduate music major. composed the 
piece for the UCSD library carillion. The piece. entitled 
"Red Paint and the Seven Persons," is inspired by a 
Native-American character in the James Welch novel 
Fools Crow. 

Running Bear, a Blackfoot Indian, was commis-
sioned by the UCSD Alumni Association. the UCSD 
Music Department and University Carillonneur Scott 
Paulson to write the carillon piece. This music will be 
part of the Native American Cultural Celebration that 
UCSD is hosting on Feb. 10 and 11. 

For more information about the Native-American con-
ference during these dates, contact Dr. Lindsey 
Calderon at 534-6493. 

IlENEVlEY£ cox. Fealures Editor 
JESSICA ICHEPPMANN. Assoclste Felltures Eaitor 

MEUN KLEIN. Opinion Editor 

DIIUINI!II: Kart Friedman 

JESlYCA WAUACE. !lssociste Opinion Editor 
TItINII Hill, Spo<ls Editor 

JONAH NISINSON. Co-Associate Sports Editor 
limN McUU8HUN. Co-Associate Sporls Editor 

ILONA Mal, Co-Hiatus Editor 
ICon ...... Co-Hl,tus Ec1Itor 

CLAlRlICHNIIDIIt. Photo Editor 
IIItIM)AN CAHIll, Grsph/cs Ed/tOf 
IIIIIW' DlClUNION, Des. Editor 

NICK MINCO. Online Editor 

CO..uTD IIJI'IIOtIT: Ma' cus Lobbla 
ADYlJlTlSlIIQ AlltITANT: YYette Atcala 
CUICUUnON AlltITANTl: Philip Goldman. Sean G,oss . Todd Houston. Kevin 
Katan. Gre& Lktle 
ADYlEllTISI ... -.aNTATlVII: AncIrew Hor>1 

ANN BAREFIELD. Business Msmwer 
MOCK HAIl'Ilt. AdtIerrls/ng M""""er 

Mill MARTlNIZ, Ad\Iert/slfll Nt Director 
JOE ...... Nlverfjsine DeSifn .. La,out 

JO ... BA_. Nlverl/s/ne Des/611 ... I.S)'OUI 
CHIRYl. SAITO. Asslst_ Business M.uIfl/If 

• 

Monday, February 9, 1998 

.Lights 
Sirens 

Pollee Discover Man Neat. VA \ 
. The bodY ~ a man beihtved \p.hMt»eeo a tmnsient 

was found In the shrUb. near thi veterani Affairs 
Modical Center On La Jolla Village Friday. . . 

The county Medical ~mlner'lI 
the man as 61-year-old WeIbol~;~!f;~I;"'Qnt., A . 

Lights & Sirens is a selection of 
entries compiled from the log book 
of the UCSD Police Department. 

Sunday, Feb. 1 
U:40 p.m.: A student reported 
the theft of a camera and a wallet 
from RIMAC between Jan. 31 at 6 
p.m. and Feb. 1 at 7 p.m. Loss: 
$277. 
Monday, Feb. 2 
8:50 a.m.: A 21-year-old female 
student suffered back pain while 
lifting weights at RIMAC. 
Transported to Thornton Hospital 
by paramedics. 
10:30 a.m.: A staff member 
reported the theft of a laptop com-
puter from the bookstore between 
8 :15 a.m. and 8:20 a.m. Loss: 
$5,000. 
12:25 p.m.: A student reported 
the 'burglary of a '84 Chevrolet 
Blazer at the La Jolla del Sol 
Apartments between Feb. 1 at 
11:15 p.m. and Feb. 2 at 12 p.m. 
Loss: $100. 
3:55 p.m.: A student reported the 
theft of compact discs from Europe 
Hall between Jan. 31 at 2 p.m. and 
Feb. 2 at 8:30 a.m. Loss $765. 

5:24 p.m.: A student reported the 
theft of a '95 Honda Prelude 
between Feb. 1 at 1 a.m. to Feb. 2 
at 5 p.m. Loss: $7.000. 
Tuetday, Feb. 3 
12:05 a.m.: OffICers ordered a 54-
year"ld male non-affiliate off cam-
pus for seven days after he was 
found checking the doors at the 
Price Center Bookstore. 
4:17 p.m.: OffICers arrested 73-
year,,1d male non-affiliate for petty 
theft at the Price Center Bookstore. 
Cited and released. Ordered off 
campus for seven days. 
Wednesday, Feb. 4 
12:35 p.m: A staff member report-
ed the vandalism of a computer in 
the Science and Engineering 
Research Facility between Feb. 2 
at 2:30 p.m. and Feb. 3 at 10 a.m. 
Damage: $17.750. 
1:35 p.m.: A female non-affiliate 
reported the theft of a backpack 
from the RIMAC weight room 
between 12:15 p.m. to 1:30 p.m. 
Loss: $300. 
1:50 p.m.: A RIMAC employee found 
the missing backpack in the men's 
restroom. Returned to the victim. 
Thursday, Feb. 5 

The UCSD Guardian 

9:22 a.m.: A student reported the 
theft of a cellular phone from the 
Price Center Billiards Room on 
Feb. 4 between 1 p.m. and 2 p.m. 
Loss: $300. 
U:30 a.m.: Officers responded to 
a 38-year,0Id male non·affiliate 
who suffered ' a broken leg after 
falling down the Knoll cliffs . 
Transported to Scripps Hospital by 
paramedics . 
U:45 a.m.: A student reported 
the theft of a backpack from the 
Price Center . Billiards Room on 
Dec. 4 between 5 p.m. and 7 p.m. 
Loss: $383. 
Friday, Feb. 6 

8:00 a.m.: A student reported the 
theft of a wallet from the Shiley Eye 
Center on Feb. 5 between 7 a.m. 
and 11:30 a.m. Loss; $71. 
10:30 p.m.: A non affiliate report-
ed the theft of a black '96 Dodge 
Van from the pathway west of the 
Revelle Cafeteria between 10 p.m. 
to 10:15 p.m. Loss: $45.000. 
Saturday, Feb. 7 
12:58 •• m.: Officers arrested a 
51-year"ld female non-affiliate at 
the Torrey Pines Center/North 
parking lot for auto theft, 
Transported to Las Co/inas Jail. 
12:58 •. m.: OffICers recovered the 
stolen black '96 Dodge van at the 
Torrey Pines Center North parking 
lot. Released to owner at scene. 
Sunday, Feb. 8 
10:44 •. m.: A student reported 
the vandalism of a blue '65 
Volkswagen Bug in lot 306 
between Feb. 7 at 7 p.m. and Feb. 
8 at 4 a.m. Loss: $100. 

..... Compiled by Ryan OllOn 
Co-Newl Editor 

DAMAGE: 
Water gushed into 
Geisel Library lobby 
ContIlHled from ..... 1 
entrance to the Geisel Library, to 
avoid any further Hooding. 

The library's front entrance was 
closed for about two and a half 
hours after the row of drains in 
front of the building overtlawed 
and watcr came gushing into the 
lobby. All foot traffic was di verted 
to side doors, which are usually for 
emergency use only. 

Ri cardo Escalante, an under-
graduate student and a Geise l 
Library assistant, commented on 
the water surge. 

" It was like special effects," 
Escalante said. 

Escalante said he was working 
at the circu lation desk when the 
water rushed to the library's main 
entrance. where motion sensors 
automatically opened the front 
doors. 

However. the library is 
equipped with specialized vacuum 
machines to dry up the water, 
Deputy University Librarian 
Phyllis Mirsky said. 

Mirsky said that the Geisel 
Library staff learned their lessons 
from a far worse nood three years 
ago. when about 1.5 million gal -
lons of water surged onto the main 
tloor and poured down the stair-
wells. dousing library materials on 
the main tloor and in the Music 
Library on the lower level. 

That nood. caused by a broken 
water main during the construction 
of Library Walk. resulted in the 
removal and replacement of about 
7.000 square feet of carpeting. as 

NEWS 3 

well as ceiling tiles on the first 
floor and soaked drywall paneling. 

About 200 books were also 
damaged. but library staff have 
restored them all sincc then. This 
time, the library was more prc-
pared, with machines to vacuum up 
the water; it had no such conve-
niences during the previous 110od. 

"There is no permanent dam-
age." Mirsky said about Priday's 
flood. Library staff immediately 
began vacuuming the wet carpeting 
on the main floor and. as a result. 
little or no water reached the lower 
level. No collections were dam-
aged, she added. 

Mirsky also said she would con-
sider purchasing one or two indus-
trial water vacuums in addition to 
the library 's standard ones. 

Porter's Pub. which flooded 
before PPS crews arrive with sand-
bags. had a barricade of Guardian 
stacks at its front walkway to soak 
up the wayward water. 

According to Pub owner Rob 
Porter. the Stage at the back end of 
the Pub was hit the worst; about 70 
percent of the room was covered 
with water. He added that both 
employees and customers pitched 
in to help clean up the mess. 

It took University 
Housekeeping and maintenance 
workers about an hour and a half to 
get the situation back to normal. he 
added. 

Though still somewhat damp 
for Friday evening 's fashion show. 
sponsored by the African-
American Student Union, the show 
went on. AASU member Melanie 
Perry said. 

"[The flood) almost destroyed 
our plans for this event," Perry 

See DAMAGE, Page 7 

SERVING UeSD FOR. 17 YEARS ••• Women's Health 
•.... II ........ II .... II .. ~~ • ... fle",."t """,fa from at/,tlM .,.""", 

I Minor Tune Up Brake Job Special ISpecial Reg. $10 ~~~ 
lour tune up Include. , lot more ~ $55 I Front or rear. Brake Job I, I th,n others. It Includes: I 11 . InStall Irom PlCIS or rearSlloes _I 1. NEW Spark plugs 7. Check brakes 2. Orain old bralle nuid 
I 2. Check Oislrib~or poinls 8. Check clutch I 13. 1nspec:1 hyrtaulic system • I 3. Check Distributor 9. Check lights 4. Refill hyrtaulic nuid • •• 
I condensor 10. Check I.<1dercarriage 15. Bleed brake system - • • I 4. Adjust timing lor damage I 6. Adjusllronl (il Shoes) and rear shoes 
I 5. Che<:k and replenish 11 . Check cooing syslem I ~Road leS! .J alllluid and oilleve/s & hoses - - - - - - - -
c==a:!_.!,::::._.J FREE TOWING 
r'3S.POint-Major Service w~h m,:: r:::rs.;.!o::a; 
I Special ~ Oil I I Ext,. for fuM In/ectlld c.r • . Our m.jor urvlc.lnclud •• : Reg. $150 I Change 

I. New spark plugs 12. AcIUS1_ angle 24,LlIbe 1I00I en4 I I 
I 2. New Ar 1*', 11 Aqus1 cartxxeto< 25.Check I", loose nuts & boll. I & J. New 001 11.. 14. ~usla.~ .. luel ,at", fmlU" 26. Check Iig/Iis I 20 • t I 
14.Cllaf\90 "'JIle oi 15. Check st,ering 27. Check UfldIftaffiage lor damage I -poln 5. New luel ,.... 16. Check cW 28. Check and ,,,,hOfge ban,fY 11.- I S f ty C h k I 
16. Check dislfiluIa porIlS 17. Aqust cW 29. A~aI'lrie. (I ~ I a e e c 7. Check dislfilulor conden"" 18.Ched< Ix..... ll. Checktre p!!SSUIl • I 8 . ~1tSI 19.AdjIsI lx.... 31.lulle cloor hrlges I 18 I 19. Valve It1;.oimenl ~ ..... 1 20. Ac\IIII emtIgt!1C'f Ix. 32. Check II hoIdtf1 I 

10. New vll¥e COlIer gaske! 21 . Check & replenish lllIuod ,..." 33. Check cooing sysl.m & I"<>se, I I 
I t~ -.1 22. Check and adjust .xpootd bel, 34. Chtck .. halll1 sysItm I 11 . AdjUSI llmllQ 23. Check oIodrQI "- 35. Rood Int 
• Nolo: Ellra lor &-Cylinder. 8-cyllnder. - ptatinum ptugo. ..J 

~------------­r:------~ r:-----CompleteClutch Job . • I Timing Belt 1,· New pressure. plale 4. NlIw Pitol Beartng Spec I'al 
2. New Clutch OlSk 5. Change l.-minion oil ... $79* la. New Throwout bearing 6.Aoad lest . I ... - - - - -

L::.::::.-....:- ...... _""' ... 4WD.'- .J We doextetUledwarranty 
- - - - - - - - 15, 3~ 45, 60, 75, & 90K service 

<MOl' clr •. Wilh Ih is ad. expires 2123198 . 

Brand new .,.rtl. AlII 
lbout our apecll'l on 
"91".1. All our work h .. 
I 2.ywr or 2O,ooo..ml" 
Hmtt.d wlrr ... ty. All prlcea 
Incluct. parts .nd llbor. 

1 DOlo OFF LABOR 
for UCSD stU~@!!:,: 

8008-8 Miramar Road. ____ C,;;...;;.;I.;...If;.;;;o...;..r...;;;.,;,;,n...;;;.;.&;;..I;...;;.I;.;.n;.;;.;tm8..;.;....;;.;n;.;.t;..;.n..;.;;o...;..w;.;.'-I 

695·1990 ........ car IV ....... Mondey-FrIcIIy, 7:30 InMI pm. Open~, . 

Research 
Program 

Scripps Clinic is conducting clinical trials in a number 
of areas affecting women and their partners. 

Urinary Tract Infection 
• Experiencing frequent, pai nful urination, not yet treated 

Vaginal Infection 
• Experiencing symptoms, not yet treated 

Menstrual Cycle Control 
• Must have regular menstrual cycle for past 3 months 
• Must use "barrier" birth control during study 

Participa~ts mu t be age 18 or older. Qualified participant 
will receive study drug, study tests, and exams free of charge. 
plus payment. 

Call 619554-4177 for more information. 

~ SCRIPPS CLINIC 
Caring f or Son Diego Since 191-1 

L-__________________________________________________________ ~ • 

. '.-,·:·c".·_·.·" ...• -•••. : .• -;.".-_ .•.•. _.: ... _. ;:-::;;.-.! ..•.••• -_ -. _ _ • _ • .• •. ,~:-:' ~ ~-: .. _' 



4 OPINION The UCSD Guardian 

PINI N 

'Created' and ruined by Hallmark, adored by girls 
everywhere, Valentine's Day is guys' greatest fear 
By Chris Schreiber 
Senior Staff Writer 

You have gOI to hand il to Hallmark. It is nOI every 
company that has the d ut and the financial muscle 10 cre-
ate its own holiday and emotionally blackmail millions of 
Americans into punicipating. 

While Mrs. Sec, Marco the diamond CUller and Merlin 
Olsen all helpcd in their own ways. r blame Hallmark for 
the circus SI. Valentine 's Day has become. 

SI. Valentine's Day actually began as a pagan lust festi -
val back in Roman times, known as Lupercalia. The boys 
would dmw the girls' names out of a hat and thcnthe mndy 
couples would head off to more sec/uded venues for prop-
er celebrations. 

If only things had remained so simple. No Ilowers, no 
candy, no dinner reservations or high expectati ons. Just a · 
lillie old-fashioned fornicating for the sheer enjoyment of 
the deed. Add u lillie bubbly, chocolate-fl avored prophy-
lactic and it could have transferred very well into modem 
times - at Ieasl in the I ')70s. 

Once the pope involved himself with the holiday, all the 
wham-bam-thank-you-ma' am activities ceased. In 496 A.D., 
Pope Gela~ius decided that all the pagun bucchunalia insult-
ed God, and tumed Lupercalia into St. Valentine's Day, keep-
ing it as a day of Christian love. romance and otberwise. 

Everything went line tor hundreds of years until those 
pesky Germans started exchangi ng Valentine's cards with 
each other back in the 17~Os . After that, it was only a mailer 
of time until those greedy na tards at Hallmark unleashed 
their sinister pkllls to ruin male lives from ~ea to ~hining sea. 

Hullmark has somehow managed to convince women 
that if men do not go to ridiculous lengths to demonstrate 
their affecti on for their significant others on Feb .• 14, then 
the men arc cruel, selfish fiends who do not really care 
about their ladies at all. And between the trashy romance 
novels and soap operas, female expectations are so high 
that most poor guys cannot hope to satisfy them. 

Why women insist on demanding that men act like 
guys on soap operas, but then tum around and refuse to 
satisfy male fantasies, i.e. dressing like Victoria's Secret 
models, is beyond me. 

So, those guys lucky enough to have a special some-
one on Valentine's Day, get a special bonus. 

Those boys get to shell out exorbitant sums for 
dead plants, clear rocks and lumps of sugar and fat -
usually about four times more than they will cost on 
Feb. IS - sit through something ridiculous, like 
"Riverdance" or a "TItanic" screening, 
and eat somewhere they will pay an 
extravagant amount of money 
for food they cannot even see 
because of the di m lighting 
while someone plays 
Hootie and the Blowfish 
songs on thc violin . 

Lucky them. 
or course, being 

guys (coincidentally, 
"guy" translates to 

See WAR, Page 6 

~ Rather than a commercial venture, 
Valentine's Day is an opportunity to 
demonstrate genuine affection 
By Jessica Scheppmann 
ASSOCIate Features Editor 

Valentine 's Day. oh , Va lentine's Day. A timc to celebrate 
lovers, googley eyes. ~mooches , Hallmark. See's chocolate. 
paper hearts , doilies and dO'l-ens of gorgeous red roses. 

It could be Honey Bunny and Sweet Checks silling 
together over a candle-lit dinner, holding hands and staring 
dreamily into each other's eyes. Oh, just thinking about it 

llIake~ Illy head spin in girlie wonder at it all. 
Yeah, ri ght. Do I hear a choru, of "Blech's" and gag-

ging noisc\ from the rcadcr~ hiJ1 ' 1 
Tl1l1h is. I do like Valentine's Day - h.ut d..:linitely not for 

tho,e n:a . .,on~ . Anyone who thinh thalthi, b what Val\:ntine's 
Dtly i ~ all annut is Illi~s ing the JX)int of th . holiday. 

You ~ee , the undeniable fact. is that o.:ommerciall y, 
Valentine's Day i ~ ahout lovers and hcing in love. Bul. for 
people who recogni le it, it i ~ als about whom you love, 
why you love, and ~ howing those you care about thaI they 
arc ~ pec i a l. 

It has nothing to do with a dOlen rose" H, t1 lmark or 
wrapping your~c lf in aran wrap for a pecial tr at when 
he gct ~ home, for thaI mailer. 

Valentine" Day wi ll always have a special pla 'e in my 

heart , no ,nailer where I am, 
whom I am with or what I am doing. 
because when I was young, I was 
taught the true meaning of Valentine's ( 
Day. It is true, there arc those who have 
made Valentine's Day a very special andlllte-
gml part of my romantic 11Iakeup. But it'~ even 
bigger than that. 

You sec, when I was lillie, and until I hit high 
school, every Valentine's Day, my parent~ would deliv-
er a spedal lunch and half-a-dolen ro!>Cs to my si, ter and 
me whi Ie we were in class. Yeah. it was son of embarrassing. 
hut we loved it - and, in a way, we counted on it. 

We knew our parents thought we were ~pecia l . and so 
did everyone else. To my mom and dad, it wa ' about their 
love ror us,.and showing us how special we arc. It wasn' t 
a chore to be dreaded and brushed off in favor f less 
meaningful activities, it was an opportunity. 

My parents taught me les. ons on affection, and I will 
cherish them for the n:~t of my life. 

Valentine' Day is aboultaking th ' time to remember lhe 
people you eare aboul, and to show thcm how special they 

See LOYE, Page 6 

/ 
I 

I 

Monday, February 9, 1998 Monday, February 9, 1998 The UCSD Guardian OPINION S 

GLOBAL WARMING ARGUMENT LACKS LOGIC 
Editor: 

Without going too deep into the 
global-warming debate, I can safe-
ly say that Jason Kim's recent leller 
("Writer Ignorant to Global 
Warming Dangers," Feb. 2, 1998) 
reaches over the top. Mr. Kim him-
self concedes that ··even inter-
decadal events (like EI Nino) are 
complex enough that our under-
standing of them is relative ly 
weak." 

What, then, is the reason for his 
unshakable confidence in even 
more complex global-climate mod: 
cis, which only 20 years ago pre-
dicted the exact opposite of what 
they do now? 

How can he be so sure that any 
and all climate change is the fault of 
humans trying to make a living, and 
that a "monstrous" nine-degree 
change in lemperature would "cer-
tai nly I.ead to the collapse of ecosys-
tems worldwide'''! And what makes 
him think his theory of impending 
doom is "not debatable"? 

It seems to have become a tradi-
tion for everyone writing lellers to 
the Guardian on global warming to 
propose curriculum class from 
which they think their opponents 
might benefit. I suggest Logic 101 
for Mr. Kim. 

Boris Slutsky 

r .• 
,·~;.L ( . 

Public Needs to 
Adjust Its Prlorltl .. 
Editor: 

We need to get off this sensa-
tionalist drug we've become so 
profoundly addicted to and enli t 
ourselves in a serious social 12-
step program for blood, guts and 
smut sobriety. 

For crying out loud, there is 
some crazy bastard over in Iraq 
who lacks any semblance of a con-
sciencc, but more than makes up 
for it with a major pair where it 
counts, and in his own defiant way 
is threatening annihilation with 
weapons of untold biological 
power. 

Even so, on the home front, we 
have a mountain of high-impact, 
long-term problems that are quite 
serious in their own right. 
Everything from our environment 
to apathetic youth, from too many 
antibacterial soaps to a drug situa-
tion that need some serious coun-
seling. 

My point is this: why do we 
even give the sl ightest bit of our 
allention to someone else's sex 
life'!! I, quite frankly, don't think 
it 's any of our business. 

This Lewinsky and all the others 
before her are just trying to get a 

(I... . .... • .... .: __ . 
.Af • --- '.:. ... .. • • • ........... - .. r. ... 1_-~ ...... : r .~ • ..::: 1:. ... ..: ~ -..~ ~ -.:}:.' ;.fr }~.~ .. -:r -I. -': ~ ~""~~I",-- .:.- • ...... @t 
:-...~ .. : . ~~ .. :-;1: ~~: ~~'... ~-:: ~. ~ .. ::'~'l :;.c-.~ . ::,'. -
I. : ..... '; ..... ~ .: .. -IIt..--J 

Letters trig Editor 
The Guardian welcomes letters from 
its readers. All letters must be no 
longer than three pages, typed, dou-
ble-spaced and signed. Letters must 
also contain. a phone number. We 
reserve the right to edit for length 
and clarity. Letters may be dropped 
off at the Guardian office on the 
second floor of the Old Student 
Center. Send all letters to: 

The Guardian 
Opinion Editor 

9500 Gilman Dr. 0316 
La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 

Fax: (619) 534-7691 
e-mail: guardian@ucsd.edu 

piece of the twisted Jerry Springer 
pie, true story or not, by blaming 
thei r own weakness and ineptitude 
on someone else. The victim B.S . 
needs to stop, and individual look-
ing inward needs to start. Whether 
he did it or not, it should have 
remained between him and hi s 

Whether it's life's most terrifying event or chronic 
emotional pain we feel, there is one thing all people 

have in common. SuCCe·ring. And it usually leaves us. 

wife. 
As long as the guy is running 

the country in a semi-sane, not-
screwing-over-too-many-people 
fashion, I don't care who he drops 
his drawers for! I don't expect the 
president to live like a saint, and 
nei ther should anyone else. He's 
not a monk, he's the leader of a 
world superpower! If he (tid it. I'm 
not saying he's right, nor am I say-
ing he's wrong - I'm saying it's 
none of our business. 

Bill, I didn ' t vote for you. I 
don't agree with a lot of what you 
stand for, but you're in office now, 
so run the damn country. 

Ms. Lewinsky, get a shrink. Mr. 
Starr, take a vacation. And all you 
media weasels, you ' ll sell your 
newspapers and fill commercial 
blocks whether Billy gave it to 
Hi lIary, Paula, Monica, all of the 
above or none of the above! 

So let Ricki Lake cover the 
twisted backwater circuses of white 
trashdom, and start focusing your 
efforts where it's needed, nOI where 
it 's wanted. We have a country that 
docsn't care anymore. and you feed 
right into it. And you say that you 
simply give the people what they ' 
want to hear. 

Well, I've got some news that no 
one wants to hear - people are 

dying, Mother Nature and Father 
Time are winning, and if we keep 
focusing on ~he curvature of 
Billyboy's thingy. there ain't gonna 
be a damn thing we'll be able to do 
about it. 

Dan Lindell 

Volunteer. for 
Wlnterfest Thanked 
Editor: 

I'd like to thank everyone who 
came out to Winterfest '98. Your 
panieipation truly made the event a 
success. 

However, those who looked 
beyond themselves deserve special 
acknowledgment: the Volunteer 
Connection at UCSD for donating 
their time, Community Outreach 
Effon (C.O.R.E.) - our winning 
student organization in the food 
and clothing drive, and every other 
person who participated in the 
drive to collectively rai se over 
$I ,SOD in goods for lhe San Diego 
homeless community. 

On behalf of all who will bene-
fit from your effons, I thank you 
for doing so. II 's amazing that we 
really can make a difference, isn't 
il'! 

Steve Roberts 
ASUCSD Festivals Coordinator 

asking the que~tion, "~hy me?" How Thanday Feb. 12 when he contracted HIV in the early 
do you deal With suffermg? What hope ' 80's. When his body crashed, he was 

do you find when your environment is Warren Lecture Hall told by doctors that he had less than a 
bleak and disturbing? Of course, when 2001 year to live. That was three years ago. 

we ask the question "Why me?" the root of our Steve lives on, still in danger of dying, he is 
pain is usually some simple struggle. ' '''' speaking .out to his peers about his experiences 

Unfortunately, Steve Sawyer was asking this question dealing with AIDS and suffering, We invite you to 
when faced with death. Surely at ] 8 he was too young hear Steve Sawyer. presented by Campus Crusade for Christ 



6 OPfNION The UCSD Guardian 

"What a Great Experience!" 
Learning the language. Meeting 
people. Coming face to face with 
history, art and architecture, culture, 
food and fun. 

UNIVERSITY 
STUDIES ABROAD 
CONSORTIUM ... 
Small classes. Personal attention. Fully 
accredited - receive university credjt. 
We provide great classes in intensive, 
language, hjstory, anthropology, art, 
business, economics, political science .. . 

University Studies Abroad Consortium 
University of Nevada Library / 323 
Reno, Nevada 89557 
(702) 784-6569 
E-mail: usaC@admin.unr.edu 
http://www.scs.unr.edu/ -usac 

AUSTRALIA • CHILE • COSTA RICA • ENGLAND • FRANCE • GERMANY 
ITALY • NEW ZEALAND • SPAIN • THAILAND • CHINA 

Take a FREE, Test Drive 
and find out! 

• Take a practice teat-your scote la unreported. 
• Receive a computer analya.s of your results. 
• Learn proven test-taking strategies. 

Saturday, Feb 21st 
8:30am check-In 

UCSD-Center Hall 

Call today to reserve your seat! 

1-800-KAP-TEST 
B Ib .. 
UII.tIlUCIl" .. 

ollhetr respective owners. 

Monday. February 9. 1998 

WAR: 
Valentine's equals 
trouble for guys 
Continued from page 4 
"insensitive clod" in girl-speak), 
they are bound to mess up somehow 
over the course of the evening and 
end up in the doghouse. And you 
know exactly what they will not be 
doing later on that night. 

This situation is di stressing, 
because it mocks the true spirit of 
Lupercalia. The original purpose of 
the holiday has been forsaken in 
Hallmark 's pursuit of mammon. 
Eros will eventuall y strike down 
the Hallmark infidels, but not soon 
enough for my tastes. 

As bad as it is being a guy with 
a girlfriend on Valentine's Day, it is 
even worse to be a girl without a 
guy. It is ingrained in girls that there 
is something wrong with them if 
boys are not making complete 
morons of themselves for the girls 
on Valentine 's Day. 

The poor, manless ladies mope 
around the house with other boy-
deprived females, eat chocolate ice 
cream by the gallon and talk about 
how stupid men are. Pity the poor 
pizza-delivery boy who accidental -
ly stumbles upon such I gathering. 

This whole distressing situation 
is all Hallmark 's fault. I say we 
should stand up to the Man and 
boycott Valentine's Day. Purchase 
no flowers, no candy and certainly 
no Hallmark card s. Fight the 
power, baby. And the best part is, if 
you all follow that advice, I actual -
ly might be able to find a good deal 
when I go card-shopping. 

LOVE: 
A time to remember 
those you care about 
Continued from page 4 
are. Anyo ne who thinks that 
Valentine's Day is an opp rt unity to 
ex tract materia l goods, or to get a lit-
tle lovin' from that sweet thang 
down the hall , is com pletely missi ng 
the point. 

Pl acing false expectations of 
materi al goods that ex ploit the true 
meaning of love, or that demean 
wo men to Hershey-grubb ing, 
!lower-smelling whiners and men 
down to in sensitive bUllheads, 
compromises the holiday and 
makes us all look bad. 

Honey Bunny and Swcet 
Checks are cute, but not the most 
important pl ayers in a good 
Valentine's Day. 

I don' t know what I am doi ng 
this Valentine's Day. I'm not rea lly 
worried about it , though. Past year 
have been special el)ough to carry 
me through, whether I am with 
someone romant ica ll y, partyi ng 
wi th my roo mmate or at hOITJe 
stu dying for the infa mous UCSD 
midterms. 

I knuw that 1 am lucky enough 
to have people 1 care about in my 
life, and to share this special day -
romantica lly or otherwi se. 

o matter where I am in my 
life, I will always consider 
Valentine'S Day a specia l holiday. 
It is a chance for mc to remember 
those who taught me the true 
meaning of love and friend · ip -
my true loves, my fri ends and my 
paren ts. Valcntilie's Day is thc 
bcst chance for me to show them 
how much 1 have learned from 
them, how much I apprecia te 
them, and demonstrate that I lis-
tened when they told me they 
cared. 

Monday, February 9, 1998 

DAMAGE: 
Inadequate drainage 
to blame for floods 
Continued frOlll pa •• 3 
said . 

However, she added that the 
area was dry enough to continue 
with the fum:tion. 

Porter sa id the Pub flooded once 
before, about two years ago. but it 
did not affec t business because the 
tlood occurred on a weekend . 

At Student Center Building B. 
near the Pu b. a crew worked late 
Friday afternoon to dry up the 
soggy building. 

"This place always gets !lood-
ed." University Hous~ kee p i ng 
Assistant Bri an Adams said. 

The initial fl ooding of any 
build ing does not pose a health 
hazard, according to John Schmidt, 
safe ty spec iali st at UCSD 
Environmental Health and Safety. 

In fact, EH&S does not usually 
ge t involved in flood-related 
predicament s unless the water 
remains indoors long enough to 
cause mold growth or other health 
hazards. 

Py Ie said room 1700 of York 
Hall, which got fl ooded duri ng last 
Tuesday's heavy rain, was not 
affected by Friday's downpour. 

The room, used by the chem-
istry department for stocking 
chemi cals and supplies, had been 
barraged by about 1,000 gallons of 
water when a PPS crew accidental-
ly broke a water pipe while unclog-
ging a drain on York Hall 's plaza 
level. 

The seemingly unani mous 
blame fo r all of Friday's !loods lies 
on a drainage system that was inad-
equate for the suddenl y immense 
amount water pouring into it during 
about an hour of torrential rain. 

Anything that was in a low-
lyi ng area most likely got Ilooded, 
Pyle said. However, PPS crews are 
on a constant weather watch fo r 
any further heavy rains, he added. 

MONEY: 
New Indicator has 
yet to reregister 
ContInued from pag. 1 
nizations. 

"If the New Indicator re-regis-
ters, they can apply," Leventhal said . 
''They will have as much opportuni-
ty as any other organization." 

Leventhal said that all oca ti on is 
based chiell y on how act i ve an 
organization is and whether it has 
expensive equipment that needs 10 
be housed in an oftice space. He 
said that there arc cu rrently four 
new media organ izations wi th no 
space at all. 

Both Gran t and A.S. Vice 
President Finance Tony Fiori said 
that the si tuations of the New 
IndicalOr and La lit" Fronteriza 
represent. a trend. 

"There\ a new trcnd of older 
media dying off and making way to 
new media group~," Fi ori ~ai d . 

Grant. added that the media bud-
get has heen cut . and yet ·he still 
has leftover money. 

GUARDIAN News 

Better than 
sHeed bread 

The UCSD Guardian 

I ~pt'ing bt'eZllk fevet' 
. . '-"'-~ .)'- . . 

Party Hard Ttavel Safe 
Jqj. us at the naftl Fair I.NI C.PUS ill the Price tealer at UesD 

: FebruarJ 25, 1 • ..-3P111 

~~~-----------------,.... Council OIIlnttfnationat Educational Exchan2t 
9500 Gilman Drive 
U(SD Price Center Ste. 76 
La Jolla 

(619) 452-0630 

NEWS 7 

-. 

The Sunshine Store 

Valentine's Day 

FILM SPECIAL 
FEB 2-14,1998 ~~ 

Receive a Valentine's 
"sweet" with every roll 

of color print film left for 
develop & print processing. 

APS film OK, but please .... no 
Black & White film with this offer. 

Introducto~ttwmll tlldnlght 
r-----------··r······~ • . 
: One fREE SUPERSIZE with one : One fREE SUPERSIZE with one 
• purchase of any standard ! purchase of any standard 
: Extra Value Meal ; Extra Value Meal 

One fREE SUPERSIZE with one 
purchase of any standard 

Extra Value Meal 
• 
• 
• (alta V(rd( Lo(ulon only • (OHa Vnd( Lomlon on I, I (01 ta V(rd( Lontlon •• 1, PA. Midnight to 1:10 am : PA. Midnight to no am : PA. Midnight to no all Me Plw( pw(nt (OU,OD L Me Plw( prmnt (ou,on Plw( ,rmnt colpoa .. -~ ____________ • _____________ .1 ______ • ______ ..I1iIiIi1liil 

Brown Eyes to Blue, Green, Hazel 

F RE E* ~e~Rp"~~!~~~!~~~~~S WJ Fresh Look Color Lenses. PI to 6.00. 
$89** I $99** 1$129** 

12 PAIR B&L FW I COMPLETE 

DAILY WEAR DISPOSABLE LENSES EXTENDED WEAR 

COMPLETE 
.. Att 'PeCial. Include lenle., exam, eyecare kit and follow up V",t AstigmatIC len.e. higher. 

Not valid with any oth.r all.r Olle" •• pi, •• 2/ 15/98 

ROBERT HElLER, 0.0. • STEVEN TAYMAN, 0.0. 
CO~A VERDE CENTER FASHION VALLEY CENTER 

8650 GINIS!! AVE. Sti. 220 (619)452-7374 
NEAl Sm f ifTH AVENUE (619)295-0537 



8 CALENDAR 

Ne 
(liNE ARtt 

p,n 
.fro .~ IJ::rffe Jt~ ~e •• "t 

0-0,;1 .~I'bll hrel'c'd~·lJt 
t""e Monday, Februlry 9 

"Th. Politic. of WOmllnhood II" Women's Art Exhibit at the Cross Cu~ural Center. 
Film, Video and Pe~onnance artists are needed by toda~ 233·4028 lor more info. 

Ongoing 
• VI. AlchemlcII: New Direction. In Contempor.ry GI ... Sculplure wtll be on 
view Jan. 10 throultl March 21 in the University Art Gallery. The artists will lecture on 
their work at 6:00 p.m. Jan. 10 in Mandeville Recital Hall. A reception will for the 
artists will follow from 7 to 9 p.m. in the gaiety. 
• Artists, poets. writers 01 'fiction'l The deatline for submissions to the Wlrren Col-
leg. Ulerery Art. Joumll is Febluary 17. Cal 534-3068 for details or drop by 
Warren Writing (UC 410). Sorry, Warren students only. 
• The N.w Writing Seflet: Winter 1 tItI wil present six contemporary writers who 

witl read from their worI<s beginning Jan. 28-March 4."" readings wiU be a14:3O p.m. 
in the Visual Arts Facility Performance Space. They are free and open to the public. 

Nl-d~i1 Se[JV~et 
WtdnetdlY, FtbfUIIY 11 

• "American Indlln Art Ind Hlltory" Gallely A, Price Center 2-4:00pm. Info. caU 
534-6493. 
• Getting Into uw Schoollnd.urvivtng th.Appllcltion proces • • This WOIkshop 
focuses on gelling In and succeeding In law school. 0 Price Center Galery A, 3· 
4pm. For more info caQ 53+0501. 
• National Congress 01 theAmerican Incian Fim presentation "ProlKting Soviemty" 
• PC GaIeIy B, from 4-6p.m 

Ongoing 
o You can study abroad and earn credit towards graduation I Hurry! Applications due 
on January 30 for 19tocations. Contact Programs Abroad 0IIice to Apply. 534·1123. 
o Academic Intemlhip Program. Applications available for local spring and out·oI· 
town summer internships will be accepted through Frida~ Feb. 27. Students must 
have completed 90 units. 2-upper diviSIon courses. min. 2.5 GPA. l~ Building. Room 
3255. M. t. Th. F 8 arn·12 N and 1·4 pm: Wed. 8 am· I pm. CaM 434-4355. 
o ACldemlc Intlmlhlp Progrlm. ~ications for local 
spring and out.of-town summer interships will be ac· 
cepted Monday, January 12 throultl Feb. 27. Stu· 
dents must have completed 90 un~s. 2 upper·divi-
sion courses, and have a min. 2.5 GAIl. l~erature 
Bldg .. Room 3255 M,T.Th. F 8·12 and 1-4: Wed 8·1. 

~e.w~ & [?'itnESt 
• Condom AWlrenell WeeIc! Come Cefebratel Free 
samp/es- lool( for us on Library Walk and Price Center 
aJ week. Sponsored by Student Hea~h . 

Ongoing 
• Women: have you had an abnormal pap smear (cervical 
dysplasia) recently? Be a part of cutting edoe UCSD r. 
•• Irch uslng nutrition and IHestyte to treat ihis cond~ion . 
Call the CAPRE coordinator for more info at 822·1127. 
'Indivldull Fitn ••• A ..... ment· at RIMAC !Nery Mon & 
Wed. noon· lpm and 5·8pm. No appointment needed- walk In 
to the Weflness Room, 2nd floor. A FREE sludent service pro-
vided by Student Heanh Advocatesl Call 534-2419 lor more 
infol 
• Free Archery!! Come join the UCSD Archery Team- we pre>-
vide inslruction every Sat. from l1am to Ipm. behind Thorton 
Hospital. No experience or equipment necessa~ For more info 
e·mail archeryOUC$d.edu 
• Get certlfledl CPR & First Aid training at Student Hea~h by Red 
Cross Instructors. $10 each class + $10 for relerenee book· or all 3 
for 5251 Sign up at SHS Heelth Ed 2nd Roorl 
o Get Publilhedl Health Beat is a Student publication focusing in 
health issues. Artides now being accepted· contact by email: 
avaismanOUC$d.edu 
• Free Nutrition CounHllng 0 Student Hellth. Includes computer-
Ized assessment! By appointment onIyl Call 53+8089. 
o Sludent Health Advocates prOYide p_ Educltlon Prograrna on Nu· 
trition, HIV, FtInass, Stress & other lopics at your res hall or student org 
meetingsl Call 534-24 I 9 for more Info on these lree programs!! 
o Free anonymous HIV "Iting at Student Health- walk in to sign up at the 
Health Anne., first floor. Clueslions? Cal 534-3874. 
• Student Health is here lor youl We're a lull service clinic open to All 
regiatered students. You don' need heafth in&urance to use our &arvicesl 
Appoiltmants for physician visits and specialty dinics - cal 534-8089. Wilt 
in 10 Urgent Care weekdays 88m -4:30pm (Wed 9-04:3Opm). 
o EmtIgency ContrIcllPtlon. amual exams, STD tests. ~cy lests, birth 
control prescriptions, & health education· II at Vo\)men's CIilIC. Student Heallh. 
Call 534·8089 lor appl. Complet.ly Conllcltntlal-alwaysl 
o Don'l go in the oceanlll At least, not unti you've had your Hepetitla A .hot.,1f 
you surf or swim in the ocean, consider Immunizalions to protect your health. Two 
shots· 6 months apart· $50 each. WlIk in to Sludent Health M-F 8-11I11T1; Wed 9· 
l1am. 
o Free CholeltlrOl tesllng al Student Healthl Sign up at the first Hoor butlelin board 
for your appointment. 
o Low COlt Phlfmecy- Over the counter hems (cold medicines, antacids, bandaids, 
vitamins, skin care products, sunscreen. conlracaptive proOOcts. contact lens prod-
ucts, elc.) al al discounl pricesl Open M-F Sam·4:3Opm; WId 9am-4:3Opm. 

CIVBt & roleEtiNSt 
Mondly, Februlry 9 

• MEChlwiN be pre-selingtamales for $1.50 each or a dozenfor$15 throultl Feb. 13. 
Contact any board member or the MEChA 011. 0 534-4994. 
• CALPlRG· the student·directed environmental group on campus wi" be around 
campus til Wednesday asking for pledges of $51quarter from students. Show your 
support for lhe Clean Water. Hunger & Homelessness. Ward Valey, and Endan· 
gered Species Campaigns. PLEDGE CALPIRG! 

Wedn .. dlY, February 11 
• Come Ind join Real Lite Mlnl.try. Discuss Integrity and how we deal with the 
people we encounter as we watch the movie 'With Honors' at 7pm. CaN 452-7034 for 
more info. 

Ongoing 
• L •• biln GlY Bi •• lull Trln.gendem Allociltion meets every Monday 07pm 
in the Graduate Student Association (next toA.5. lecture Notes). Or, stop by and say 
hi when our oIIice door is open (above Soft Raserv s). Come out and meet great 
peopIel All are welcomel 
o Phi Alphl Delta Pr.Llw Co..cl Fraternity meets to hear speakers from the legal 
profession. socialize, facil~ate legal internships as well as the law School appllca· 
tlon process. Call Alison at 457·2365. 
• AASU g..,11111 body meeting ... Cross Cultural Canter lIVery Monday 0 Sp.m. 
For more information stop by AASU office (behind Pulse 0 Price Canter) 
o Internltlonal Anlln Group meets every Monday 0 8 p.m. in the Pepper Canyon 
lodge in ERC. This weaks leaturas 'Bitter Sugar: a Cuban movie about love. deceit 
and the Cuben Revolution. 
• L .. blan and BI ... "" Women'l Group. Come share and explore women orI· 
ented issues in a $Ife and SI4JIlOI1ive environmentl WI meet every Tuesday lrom 6-
7:30 pm at the Women's Canter, Building 407. Sponsored by Psych and Counseling 
Services. For more Into cafl534·3755. 
• MEChA ilMtes you 10 the General Body wet*ly mIg. Every Monday at the Cross 
rutural Canter II 5j)m. Everyone is welcome. 
• .CM InviIeI you 10 RIZI grad. meetingl-v Monday II 7pm & Th.Iradlys II 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, February 9, 1998 

trOIt bRinG fer Pit 

, ~fil E~N o,u'cE":~::c~/h6w! 
2:00 to 4:00 p.m., HaW Dome lounge, 
and Tana Pagel, 534-1725. 

7:30pm al theCross CUturai Center . 

R~ hut Se~i'iet 
ThuradlY, Februlry 12 

, Too young to die· come hear Steve Sawyer share his experiences with AIDS and 
his S1rugg1es in dealing with sufering. learn, grow, and make friends at PRIMETIME 
with Campus Crusade for Christ in WLH 2001 at9pm. 

Ongoing 
o The MUlfim Student AlIOClltion holds Friday prayers !Nery week in Cross Cul-
tural Center Cenler from 1·2 p.m. Everyone is welcome. For more info, contactAhmad 
o 538· t 392. (216·13) 
'InlerVara/ty Chri.tiln Fellow.hlp- Come develop your realationship with God at 
our weakly meetings on Thursdays. Revels and Muir meet al GH 111 a at 7p.m. and 
MarshaU, Warren and ERC meet at WLH 2005 at 7:30p.m. For more info call Jet at 
558·8279. 

Se[JVifet & ~OOOkSqcft 
Monday, Februlry i 

• Clreer Work. hop for Technology Ind Phy.ical Science Major •. Unsure aboti 
career op4ions? Find out what occupations match your skills. leam about: software 
engineer, forensic scientist, systems analyst, teemical writer and other jobs. 1-2:30 
p.m .. Mutti·Purpose Rm .. Career Services. Call 534-3750. 

TuICIlY, Februlry 10 
o "Becoming Connecttcl to your own life: Overcoming ltumbling Block. to Uv-
Ing Fully." A dialogue with Ellen Jacobs aI the Vo\)men's Centert Mnission is FREE. 
11 :3Oam·12:3Opm. 
• Inllmatlonll C-. In the PICIIIc RIm. Meal Pacific Aim experts and learn 
about job opportunities and graMte school programs in business, internationaf re-
Ialions, and pIilIic policy. 2:»4 p.m., Multi-P~ Am., Career Services. 
Call 534-3750. Co-sponsored by Alumni Association. 

Wecm.dIy, February 11 
• "Myth,S~and"'~ 
ing" Use of film, 
i m -

info. 

ages 
and story. Native 

American Guttural Celebration. 
PC GaleryA 12·1:3Opm. 534-6493 for more 

• Career Worklhop for BIology Ind Lile Scienc. Majora. Find out 
what occupations mltch yOUlf skills. learn about: physician, dentist, veterinarian, 
op4ometrisl, physicaflherapist. nutritionist and pharmacist. 1()'11 :3Oa.m., Mutti-Pur· 
pose Rm., Career Services. Can 53+3750. 

Thursday, Februlry t2 
• Inl ... ttd In telChl~? Find out about teacher education pr~ams and learn the 
steps necessary to obtain a teaching credential. 2:30 p.m., Muttl'Purpose Rm'l Ca-
rear Services. Call 534·3750. 

o Dealing with Plychologicll Probleml In Clo .. Relltionshlps: TNs group is 
open to graduate and undergraduate students who have loved ones with significant 
psychological prcbtems. n y.?u are in a cIo5eIintirnate relationship with someone (family 
member, roommate, si!11ificant other) who is depressed, schizophrenic, manic, or 
has other diflicuk psychological issues, this group may be beneficial for you. This 
process !lroup will focus on concerns commonly experienced by famiy members 
and signiticant others who do not have the illness. Feelings 01 gui~, responsibility 
seII·doubt. shame. anger. and loss will be explored. Coping strategies and group 
SIJI!POI1 will be a part 01 this. group. led by Equilla luke, 534·0248 and Barbara 
ViVlno, 534·5989. Wl meet Wednesdays, 10:30 a.m. to noon at 1003 GH. Call Equilla 
or Barbara for further information. 
• Advlnced Stntll Management: This group, which is limited to students with some 
prior experience in relaxation Iraining. will focus on advanced slress management 
techniques including: self hypnosis, creative visualization and other advanced relax· 
ation techniques. led by Jeanne Manese. 534-3035, and Barbara \4vino, 534·5989. 
Call Jaame or Barbara for further information or to sign up lor the group. 
o Tueldly. 3:~:3Op. m. 1003 GH: ACA (Adult Children 01 Alcoholics) Eduacational 
Support Group. A Structured educational group ( 7 weekfV meetings) for students 
who want to exptore how growing up with an alcoholic parent has a'ected their adult 
lives. Topics Include: family dynamics and roles. relationships and intimaC)! seIf-es· 
teem, and alcoholism. Led by Psychological & Counseling Services stat member 
Tana Pagel and Alcohol and Substance Abuse Pee, Counselor Kam Ghefale. 
o WednadlYI 2:QO.3:3Op.m., Women's Canter: Eating Concerns Peer Counsefing 

walk~n hours. Sponsored by Psychological & Counsefing Services. 
o Thurld..,. 9:30 to 11 I.m., Women's Center. Eati"ll Concerns Peer Counseling 
walk·in hours. Sponsored by Psychological & Counsefing Services. 
o Study Strategies Workshops offered weekly by the OASIS Writing Progrlm. Come 
learn or relearn skiIs and practice them. Improve your I.arnlng. Thursdays at 6pm. 

o ACA Adun Children 01 Aicoholici Advanctd TherIPY Group: led by 
Jeanne Manese and p88f Counsefor Jim Jennings. Meetll0:15 to 11:45 
Frlelayl It the Women'l Center. Please cal Jeanne at 534·3035 before 
coming to the group. 
o EATING AWARENESS WORKSHOP: This four session wortcshop for 
women wiI provide a safe and accepting atmosphere for members 10 be· 
gin to axptore their relationship with food, develop healthier attitudes and 
leelings toward food. and weigl!. Topics will indude: body image, sell· 
esteem, nutriion, anger. assertion. perfectionism and coping with S1ress. 
led by Barbara llivino and the Eating Concerns Peer Counselors. Starts 

Wtd~ February 11. 7:()().8:30 p.m, 1003 Gllbraith Hall. 
o EATING, BODY IMAGE. AND RELATIONSHIPS: This group is for 
women who habitually diet, binge and purge. The focus willbe on ex· 
ploring the unde~ying issues related to their relationship w~h food. 
Topics will include devefoping coping skills to manage stress, build· 
ing self·esteem, increasing awareness and expression of feelings, 
understanding the body and how it lundicns, and exploring family 
dynamics. Tuesdays, 3:45 10 4:45 p.m. led by Beverly McCreary, 
534·3585, and Barbara II\vino. Call Beverly for a pre-group ap-
pointment and to Si!Jl up for the group. 
• Car_ Advi.ing for Undergraduatn and Graduate Students, 
Career Servic .. Center. Our expert career advisors hefp you 
identify career opportunities that match your goals, interests and 
skills. Resumes. career options and networking covered. Drop· 
in advising: M·F. 1 :30-4 p.m .• moming appts. also available . 
Call 534·3750. Check out our webs~e: hnp:llwww·csc.ucsd.edu 

lLlf4tURE 
Mondav, February 9 

o Join Int'I Club as they present REUGION IN THE MOD-
ERN WORLD: A PANEL DISCUSSION. Panelists include 
rep's from the Christian, Jewish, Islamic, Buddhisl and 
Baha'i la~hs . Question & Answer session to follow. In Int'l 
Center lounge from 6:30-8:30 pm. 

Tu .. day, F.brulry 10 
• Come meet the Deen ollhe UCSD School of Medi-
cine, John F. Alksne. M.D .. at an intormal from 4 to 
6pm at the Cenler for Molecular Genetics auditorium. 

WtdneldlY, Februlry 11 
• Jeff Henderaon, M.D., Regents' lecturer will speak 
on 'The Divine Wheel : An old paradigm for the 
Twenty-First Century,' PC Theatre from 7·9pm. call 
534-1'704 for more II1fo. 

Thurlday, February 12 
• The Center for the Study 01 Race and Ethnicity and Ihe Ethnic 

Studies Oepament presents NaYln Shey, International Canterfor theAdvaneed 
Sludies and "'Con .. minattcl Good.': The peril. ol .... lan Commerce in white 
AmerlCI, 1875-1919" Cross eunural Canter a112 noon. 
• Panel discussion on "No Fretclom 01 Prell lor Trlbll NeWipaper? Tribal Busi· 
ness-Preserves or Destroys Mother Earth? Casinos- Pros and Cons: CCC Gallery 
from 1·2pm. 

EVenUS & RECljEtion 
Tuesday, Februlry 10 

o American Indian Cuftural Celebration opening Ceremony- music and dialogue 
about American Indian Issues. PC Plaza 12-1 :30. 534-1704 or 534·6493 for more 
info. 

Thursday, February 12 
FrIeI.y, Februlry 13 • Amerlcln Indlln Celebration presents film premiere from Sundance Festival in 

• On-clmlrll prectice job Int.rvlew., 2:30 p,m Don't let Friday the 13th scare you Utah. DaviRiv Room. PC. Info. call 534·6493. 
away from seeing yoursaff on video. Practice answering interview questions and • Pinel DIlCullion on American Indian vlewl on Relationship between Spirit, 
improve your delivery In a smal group workshop. Please sign up in advance in Ref· Healing and Health.' PC Gallery B 5:30-7:3Opm. 534-1704 or 534-6493 for more 
erence Room, Career Services. Call 534-3750. info. 

Ongoing , Come to the PC Ubrary lounge for an Irt e.hibition Ind rlCeption lor JlCk 
• Grlduate Women in Scl.nce, Mlth, Engi""ring, SOM and 510: led by Reina Shih-Chleh Hutng from S:30-8:3Op.m. 
Juarez, 534-3875. Thursdays, 1:00 to 3:00p.m., HSS 2101. Call Reina for a pre· • The Temper literary Journal Presents: Open Mouth Stud.nt Poetry Readingaat 
group appointment. Porter's PUD- Bring a friend- Bring some poetry· Free to Alii 7·llpm. 
• Whlt'l Love Gol To Do With It? This coed discussion/support aroup for bolh Friday, Februlry 13 
graMte and undergraduates students, focuses on issues related to beginning and • Softball vs. University 01 Redlands (DH) .. Triton Softball !'iefd, 4pm. 
maintaining romantic refationships. led by linda Youn~. Meets Mondays. 4:00 to 
5:30p.m., f003 Galbra~h Hall. Slarts January 12, 1998. Students should call linda, • Women'. Baketball vs. Pomona·Pitzer @ RIMAC, 5pm 
534-3987, lor information and to sign up lor the group. • Men's Buketball vs. the Master's, RIMAC, 7pm 
• A.IIIl-Amerjcln Community Forum: This informal drop-in group is desillned to SaturdlY, February 14 
address the concems 01 AsianIPaciIic Islander students at UCSD in a supportive and S lib II Occiden I Coli (DH) 0 T Sp probtem.sofving atmosphere. Issues such as career and academic success, family • 0 I vs. ta age riton ftball Fiefd, 12 noon 
pressures. cu~ural identity, and refationships are possible topics. Feellree to bring Tu .. day, February 17 
your lunchlled by Jeanne Manese, 534·3035, John ~, 534-1579. Meets Fridays, 0 Men'l al.ketball vs. San Diego Stale 0 RIMAC, 7pm 
12:00 to 1 :3Op.m., Cross Cuttural Center, 510 UC (near OfIice of Grad. Studies and Ongoing 
Vis. Arts Bldg.) 
• Latino/Chlcano Support Group: Famlfy, parenls. economics, friends, relationships, ·Inter .. led in the BI'room Dlnee? Come to leam, practice or just have fun every 
cunure • all lhe above are themes that are expfored toward the goal ot graduation Friday afternoon from 3·5pm in the North Balcony of the Main Gym. Its freg. no 
from UCSD. Wednesdays, 2:30 10 ~ :3Op.m., Han Dome lounge. Muir College. led experience or partner requiredl 
by Reina Juarez, 534·3875 and Dan Munoz. 534·0251 . 051 BMr (drinks, H you can' use beer) lIVery We<i\esday at Porter's Pub 4·8 p.m. 
• Unclergmutte Gay Ind BIMlutl Men's Support Group meets every Tuesday 0 Book Clearlncel Over 9.000 academic and scholarly books will be discounted 
in the International Canter Conference Room. A Confidential, drop-in group where 75% at the UCSD Bookslore starting February 2 at 8 a.m. and w"1 continue l ill the 
guys can ask questions and dscuss issues. Sponsored by Psych andCounseling books sellout. 
Services. 534·3755 for more Info. K epin I 
o Clmpu. Black Forum: Campus Black Forum is an informal gathering where we WeeKLy Ca'lendAr~ e 
invite open discussion and eXchlnge ideas. gripes. aa:omptishmenIs. questions and It re a lSI nce 1977! ~ '1 
concerns on any topic relevant to the lives and experiences 01 people 01 African t.. \.. 1m, \J 

~~.i~.:.r~=~~~L~Y~~~f.~ t.~p 01' 
Michele ~e BUf1!e. 534-5905. CaN lor information. Friel..,., 4:f5.e p.m .• Cross" 1\. l, C' f ' 
Cutturll Ctnter. 510 UCntr. (Near 0IIice 01 Grad. Studies and 'IIsuII1 AI! Buildings) e~" f'o. 
o A!coho" Subltanc. AbuM Support Group: n you Isk yoursefI" you have a CalEnDar SubmIssIoNs Must Be 
probtem,orHyou know you do,leIm ways to gel ** In controtol yourlile.FridIyI, IN tHE GUardiAN Office By 3PM the 

ThurlDAY BePOre They Run! 40 WorDS Or LeSS or Elle! or ElSE we EDiT 'eM! 

Monday, February 9, 1998 

The 
Editor's 
Soapbox 

Nicholas Runco 
Online Editor 
St. Valentine's Day 
Massacre 

You don't know who I am and 
there is a very good reason for this. 
While I do have two positions here 
at the Guardian (I also design), nei -
ther of them involve writing in any 
way. shape or form. So. it seems 
very strange to me to be given such 
a venue with which to speak to 
quite a few strangers. 

The other byproduct of my two 
jobs is the amount of time spent in 
the Guardian offices, which is evi-
dently enough to warrant such 
comments as, "Why are you still 
here?" 

I'm loved. I really am. 
Which brings me to my topic, 

Valehtine's Day. Don't worry, you 
still have plenty of time to pull a 
lasl-minute gift out of your ass for 
the special day and no one will 
know the difference. I'm the one 
who's writing early - nOI only 
because thi s is the last Soapbox 
before the 14th, but also because 
I've already noticed a trend in the 
al-:itudes of many people. 

They don ' t like Valentine's Day. 
Now, don't jump to !:on~lusions. 

If you like Valentine's Day, con-
gratulalions. You and the other II 
lovebirds will probably be per-
turbed at what r have to say, but for 
lhe rest: read on. 

I am slightly confused. When I 
was in elementary school, I remem-
ber Valentine 's Day, and more 
specifically the night before. when 
my mom and I would stuff30-some 
envelopes full of identically signed 
"Snoopy" cards accompanied by 
the small, heart-shaped candies 
with the words "Be Mine" printed 
on every other one. 

On the actual day, though, 
everything was great. It was a 
whole day of panying (as only we 
third-graders could) with more red, 
pink and white candy than any k.id 
had ever seen before. And, ooh, 
cool, that girl in the front gave me a 
valentine .... Oh, wait, she gave 
everyone a valentine. Damn. Still, 
everything was good. 

Then I blink and I'm in college, 
and now I hear "Valentine 's Day 
sucks" about eighl times a day. 
This comment is becoming expo-
nentially more frequent as it gets 
closer to the actual day. I have not 
seen this level of st.andoffishness 
since I asked a friend of lhe age of 
23 why he doesn't vote. 

Being the astute and observanl 
person that I am. I real ize that r have 
missed some glaring delail some-
where along the way. 

What happened? Some horri fi e 
experience must have turned peo-
ple away somewhere along the line. 
How can a holiday that used to be 
o fun now be feared more than 

some forms of disease? I decided to 
find out why, and I think I did. 

Most of lhc people [ asked 
see med to like the idea of a 
Valentine-theme pany or some son 
of excuse to get together, drink and 
have fun . However. in terms of the 
meaning behind the day, no one 
seems to want anything to do with 

See SOAPBOX, Page 11 

The UCSD Guardian FEATURES 9 

Interview and Photo 
By Lisa Huff, 

Staff Writer 

G 

rofessor Michael E. 
Butler, who works for the 
Public Defenders office 
of San Diego, is currently 
teaching his first class at 
UCSD Political 
Science I04C, "Civil 
Liberties: The Rights of 
Criminals and 
Minorities." After obtain-
ing his B.A. from San 
Diego State University in 
Public Administration 
and Urban Studies, he 

received his J.D. from UCLA's Sl.:hool of 
Law in 1973. 

Professor Butler has spent his . career 
focusing on criminal law and minority 
rights. 
What brings you to UCSD? 

" I. delll primarily with young people in 
my practice, and they 're younger people 
who haven 't had advantages in life, who 
have not come from afnuenl back-
grounds, [and) who haven't had the 
advantages of education. I think that 
teaching at UCSD makes me more 
rounded , and it helps me relatc bettcr to 
my poorer clients, my minority clients, 
my disadvantaged clients. 

Name 
Michael E, Butler 

Position 
Public Defender 

"I think that being around young peo-
ple who are successful is something that 
I can possibly impan to [the) less suc-
cessful individuals who I represent on a 
day to day basis in the court system." 
What do fOU hope that students will 
gain from taldng your class? 

"I hope that what they get from the 
class is a view of the world as it really is, 
not a view of the world from the stand-
point of someone who is solely an [aca-
demic], but someone who is in the 
trenches on a day-to-day basis working 
within the system. 

"(think there are many things that arc 
wrong with the criminal justice system, 
there are many biases and prejudices that 
exist in the system. ( talk about those 
things from the standpoint of an individ-
ual who is there, who sees what's hap-
pening, who sees it on a day-to-day basis 
and who is privy to direct knowledge as 
to how the system works. I think that 
that 's helpful to young people. 

"People really don ' t understand their 
criminal-justice system, and a much as 
they read about it; and as much as they 
see things on TV or watch Court TV, I 
don ' t think they really understand the 
nuts and the bolls of what takes plal.:e, 

Quote 

and what a humane institution it is, and 
what a fallible institution it is. I hope to 
impart that information to my students, 
who otherwise would not understand 
that." 
I, this w ..... you thought your future 
would take you? 

"Well, actually, it's something I 
always wanted to do. When I made the 
decision to go to law school, it was a 
decision to go to law school or to get a 
Ph.D. in political science. Going to law 
school would give me a great deal of 
flexibility as far as what I wanted to do 
with my life. 

"There are various interests that I 
have in life, and one of those interests, of 
course, is polilical seience.' It's a major 
interest of mine. Politics itself is really a 
tremendous interest of mine as well. and 
also law. 

"I mean, if you notice, I'm not teach-
ing at a law school, I'm teaching politi-
cal science: and there are some profound 
reasons for thaI. I was interested in 
leaching on the university level , as far as 
an undergraduate type of political sci-
ence program as opposed to teaching law 
school. ( enjoy thi much more." 

See FACE, Page 11 

IIEverything is possible, and all you have to do is 
stay focused on what it is that you want - nobody 
should sell themselves short," 



10 FEA11JRES 

Arena 
How do you relieve stress 
during midterms? 
Interviews by Peggy Lee 
Photography by Dlma Arias 

"Exercise and do yoga. 
Exercise is the good, pro-
ductive way I deal with 
stress." 

Karen Kloezeman 
Warren Senior 

"Read a book that you 
don 't have to read for class 
and watch TV. Try some 
Stephen King. You scare 
yourself a little, but you 
feel better afterwards." 

Tracy Quan 
Revelle Junior 

"A good way of reliev-
ing stress is taking a hot 
bath. Or study with friends. 
That always makes it a lit-
tle easie r." 

Krl. Kerr 
Marshall Freshman 

" I like dancing to 
voodoo, rap music, hip-
hop . I'm on the dance 
team, so whenever 1 prac-
tice, ] just forget abollt 
everything. That and 
spending time with my 
boyfriend ." 

Rachel Arruejo 
Marshall Sophomore 

" I like to go to Target 
buy some reall y cool side-
walk chalk, and draw a pic-
ture. ' 

Matt Davl. 
Muir Freshman 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, February 9, 1998 

Psycho Therapy 
Valentine's Day Is a Reminder 
that Relationships can be Tough 
By Mary Higgins Senior Staff Writer 
"Not A Licensed Therapist" 

Happy Valentine's Day, UCSD. 
The rain is coming down in buckets, 
so it's perfect weather to stay inside 
by the tire, drink good champagne 
and tell that special someone .. . that 
it's his tum to clean the bathroom. 

All right, so some of us will be 
spending Valentine's Day 1998 with 
our roommates inslead of wilh loved 
ones. So what? Does that me(ln we 
can't ce lebralc lhe sprit of love, 
knowing thaI sooner or later, our 
days of singlehood will be a Ihing of 
Ihe past? 

No way! I think wc should all be 
traipsi ng over to Hallmark and 
spending large sums of money on 
pink teddy bears, stale candy and 
silly cards. It's Valentine's Day, and 
that means you're supposed to cling 
to hopes of finding a significant 
other in lime to make dinner reserva-
tions at a nice restaurant. 

In honor of lhe occasion, I intend 
10 devole thi s entire column to 
February the 141h. 

"Write about how Valentine's 
Day sucks," a friend of mine told 
me. 

"Write about what to do when 
your girlfriend dumps you for anoth-
er guy and then asks you if she can 
use your dinner reservations at the 
Marine Room." another friend said. 

By this random sampling of stu -
dents, [' m beginning to get the pic-
tu re: people hate Valentine's Day. 

I guess I can understand that. It 's 

Guardian 
Valentine 

~$~.12 
V afenline Yersonafs 
in Ii;e g uardian 
Of/ice, ups/airs, 
0luden/ C en/er 

Deadline, Feb. 9 
3pm 

01' J,flolli/bollr/r'ee 
Va lel1//n(! '../ er:rono Is 
a/ /h. 

Guardian 
Love Cart 

TODAY, 11-1pm 
in the Price Center 

Plaza 

--

sort of like prom night back in high 
school when you made a big deal 
about gelling the right dale, renting a 
big limo and praying that your 
braces did n't glare too much in the 
photos. Prom was the most stressful 
social event of the whole year; il was 
like a compelition to see who was 
having the best time. 

During the slow songs - I was 
usually with "Just-A-Friend" - my 
eyes would wander across the dance 
fl oor 10 The Couple. Remember 
them? Unlike me and my date, their 
eyes were glued to each other as if 
they were lost somewhere in the 
Land of Perfect Love. 

Come 10 think of it, they pretty 
much always looked like that: in 
Soc ial Sludies, at lunehiime, in the 
backseat of hi s... jusl kidding. 
Honestly, if The Couple ever broke 
up, the entire high school would 
probably shut down for a day or two. 

I've spent my life living in envy 
of The Couple, particularly on 
Valentine's Day. What would it be 
like to have Mr. Dreamy pick me up 
at six and wh isk me away for Ihe 
Night of My Dreams? First we'd 
Walch the sunsel fro m the cliffs, and 
then we'd drive down the coast for a 
candlelight dinner by the sea. 

Of course, even if we wound up 
at Taco Be.II , he'd still be staring at 
me with adoring eyes. People would 
walk by us and whisper, "Look, it 's 
them! It 's The Couple!" 

Makes you sick, doesn't it ? 
Thi s year, you might find your-

se lf choking back jea lousy as your 
best fri end waltzes off to shop at 
Victoria's Secret. This year, you 
might wind up exiled to the living 
room couch because your roommate 
miraculously gO! .a date al the las t 
minute. If you want 10 waste a per-
fectly good Salurday night at home, 
fee ling sorry for yourself, Ihen go 
ahead. 

But as you pop a tape into the 
VCR and dig into a two-pound bag 
of Cheetos, remember this: the only 
thing tougher than watching other 
people have a relationship is having 
one of your own. 

Singlehood may be gelling you 
down, but that 's just because you 
can' t remember how traumatic your 
last relationship was. Remember 
how you saved up enough money for 
a hot ai r balloon ride and your date 
told you mid-fli ght that he wanted to 
see other people? 

Even stable relati onships arc 
sometimes pai nful. Like when 
you're watching "Baywatch" and 
your boyfri end launches into an 
"Ode to Pamela Anderson Lee's 
Breasts." Or when you suggest the 
name of a restaurant and your girl-
fri end says, "Oh no, we cou ld never 
go there. r used to go there with 
Jean-Philippe," before bursting into 
tears. 

See VALENTINE, Page 11 

AUTO 
SERVICE 

ervice Guaranteed 
u·s MOST POPULAR 

SERVICE CENTERS 

Honesty is Our # 1 Priority 
Complete auto repair, all makes and modefs 

European • Japanese • Domestic 
Approved/eased vehicle service. ASf cerriliedlor: 
• ENGINE REPAIR AND PERFO RMA N CE DIAGN OSIS 
• AUTO TR AN SMISSION/TRANSAXLE 
• M A NUAL TRA NSMISSION / CLUTCH 
• SUSPENSION AND STEERING 
• COMPLETE B RAKE JOBS 
• ELECTRICAL/ELECTRONIC SYSTEMS 
• H EAT ING AND A IR CONDITIONING 
• COMPLETE MAINTENANCE AND SCHEDULED SERVICES 

& mor.e. Call lor an appointment/ 
- - - - - - -, CastrolMatarOil Mention this ad a nd receive a 

35-PT. COMPLETE I "Im=:,7I' 
TRAVEL & SAFETY I 
INSPECTION $6~ v=! __ .J=R!~ 

FREE 
TOWING 

Call for detail. 

J 5 minutes from UC5DI Toke La Jolla Village east, it !vrns into Miramar! 

7998 MIRAMAR ROAD, SUITE B 
888-5-FIX CAR/566-7552 

fox: 566-7553 • OPfN T DAYS A WfEK • fvIon ·Sot. 8:00 '6:30, Sun. 9·6 

Monday, February 9, 1998 

SOAPBOX: 
Valentine's Day full 
of possibilities 
Continued from page 9 
it. Most of these people are cur-
rentl y not involved with anyone, 
but even people in relati onships 
didn ' t like the idea. 

It seems that for some people 
(whether they have a significant 
other or not), Valentine's Day con-
jures up many memories often long 
since forgollen. Sometimes these 
memories are pain ful images of 
past loves or missing aspects of 
their lives . They see it as just 
another reminder of what they 
don't have. I have to say I under-
stand , but I don't agree. 

FACE: 
Teaching helps him 
relate to clients 
Continued from page 9 
Has there been someone who 
has Inspired you or helped you 
out along the way? 

"Nobody I knew personally, 
bUI Robert F. Kennedy is my 
hero. Robert Kennedy and Bob 
Dylan. I don' t think that Bob 
Dylan would have ever encour-
aged me to go 10 law school, but 
Robert F. Kennedy was somebody 
who did go to law schoo l and 
became Attorney Genera l of the 
Uniled Slates and somebody who 
I greatl y admire. 

" I think it was largely the fact 
that r felt so strongly about him 
;ind aboul his fee lings or cumpas-
sion to hum ani ty, conce rn for 

For others, though, it's simpler 
still. Regardless of relationships 
gone awry, some people are quire 
simply jealous of the happiness 
that others have. It could be a feel-
ing of inadequacy or egotism, but 
in both cases. the idea Ihat they are 
unable to find love while everyone 
else can drives them crazy and 
leads them to call an otherwise 
positive holiday an inane experi-
ence. 

I think tliey' re slUpid. I'll tell 
you Why. 

My name is Nick and I know a 
girl. I know the way her hair curl s 
over her ear. I know the way her 
eyes sparkle when he looks up. 1 
know the way she glows when she 
walks in and the way her perfu me 
smells when she's clo e. I know 

humanilY, and dedication to the 
poor. that really caused me to want 
to go to law schoo l. And probably 
al so my father and grandfather, 
who had very progressi ve polilical 
leanings. who also had a strong 
sense of justice, and a concern for 
Ihe poor." 
What Is something about your-
self that people would be sur· 
prlsed to know? 

"Usually people are fairly sur-
prised to lind out Ihat r am blind. 
The blindness came on when r was 
about 14 years old, and you know 
how socially uncomfort able it is to 
be a teenager anyway. Be!:ause of 
that, r had a great deal of shame 
and embarrassment about being 
blind , especially right after I lost 
the eyes ight and had the surgeri es 
that were unsuccessful. 

"I found that people were 
uncomfortable by some of the 

The UCSD Guardian 

the way her face li ghts up a room 
when she smiles, and I know the 
way she's in my mind. Call me a 
hopeless romantic, but this might 
give you some indication what a 
day like Valentine's can mean to a 
person like me. 

You see, Valentine's Day makes 
me think of all the possibilities Ihat 
are out there for me. I'm not going 
to wallow in what I don' l have, or 
what I haven' t done. The day is not 
just about the gi fts, cards, the choco-
late-covered cherries or even the 
heart-covered boxers. It" thaI those 
things represent s melhing bigger. 
It 's about the possibility of finding 
something special in your life, tak-
ing a chance or faci ng Ihe risk. 

Everyone Ihat knows me is 
reading thi s and saying to them-

manneri sms that I staned exhibit -
ing, the fact Ihat I couldn ' t see 
anYlhing straight ahead for exam-
ple. So, I immediale ly started 
adopling some lechniques in order 
to make people more comfortable 
and make myself more sociall y 
acceptable. 

''The general assumplion peo-
ple have is that unless they see 
something that's terribly obvious, 
they assume that you have all the 
allributes that they ex pect the 
human being - being ahle to see, 
being able 10 hear, being able to 
speak, being able to do all these 
things. and that you're functioning 
line. Because of that , people arc 
often Li mes very laken aback by 
the blindness, and arc very sur-
prised that I am blind." 
What advice would you give to 
students Interested in the field 
of law? 

selves, this boy needs 10 practice 
what he preaches. and I know. 
Believe me, one day I'll change. 

Until then, for everyone else, 
when the 14th of February rolls 
around every year from now on, if 
you have someone or not, remem-
ber to lake some lime out to do 
somelhing special. Paint a picture, 
write a book, sec the world or 
maybe just send a girl a rose for 
Valentine's Day. You' ll thank 
yourself one day, tru t me. 

I'm Nick. and [ know a girl. 
Nicholas Runco is obviously a 

bitter mall - despite all outward 
appearances, Ire gives new mean-
il/g to the term "angst-riddell." 
Wlrile he sils ill his roOlll, alolle, 
earing his Cheerios, you CUll reach 
him at nr@ucsd.edu. 

" I think that the most irnponant 
thing i . to remain focused on what 
it is that you want to do. 1 wanted 
to be a lawyer, and I became a 
lawyer. I wanted to pracliee crimi-
nal law, ;lI1d I'm practicing crimi-
nal law. I wanted to teach al the 
university level, and I'm teaching 
at the uni versity level. 

"Everything is possible, and all 
you have to do is stay focused on 
what it is Lh at you want - nobody 
should sell themselves short. 
Nobody should think that they' re 
not good enough, or they' re not 
slllart enough, or they can' t work 
hard enough. because it's all possi -
ble. You jusl have to be yoursel f, 
you have to know yourself, you 
have to know what your strengths 
are, you have to know what your 
weaknesses are, hu t whatever you 
want yo u can obtain . you just have 
to stay foc used." 

FEATURES II 

VALENTINE: 
Singles could be 
better off detached 
Continued from page 10 

Real relationships aren ' t only 
aboul soul-searching kisses and hav-
ing a date; lhey're also about frustra-
tion, insecurity and fear. 

Relationships are aboUI prelend-
ing you don 't «are that he's still best 
fri ends with his ex-girlfriend. 
Relationships mean being happy for 
'your boyfri end when he has dinner 
wilh the Rolling Stones and you stay 
home studying biochemistry. 

Above all else, re lationships arc 
aboul telling her you love her new 
haircut ahhough you're secretly 
thinking, "Huh'!" 

This isn' t to say that relationships 
aren't worth it - they just aren 't 
easy, even on Valentine's Day. 

It would be a lie to say that 
February Lhe 141h is a whole lot of 
fun when you're single. It's not. But 
staying home and sulking is just as 
lame as skipping the prom because 
the captain of the water polo team 
asked your best friend to go instead 
of you. 

Keep in olind that there's nothing 
wrong with catching a movie with 
your roommate or going out to din-
ner wilh your friends. And when you 
drive past Taco Bell and you see two 
people staring soulfully into each 
other's eyes, remember that they 
have prohlellls too. 

After 21 yelJrJ of being ~' ingle 0 11 
V-Oay. Mary Higgills has finally 
slIagged a date wilh Prince Mildly 
Illterestillg. Write to her alld lell her 
abolll your own romantic triumphs 
alld woes al mhiggins@ ucsd.edu or 
sro!, by the Guardian office. 

American Indian 
Cultural Celebration 

FEBRUARY 1011&12 
fea t ur in g: 
JEFFREY HENDERSON, M.D. 

R eg ents ' L ec tur er 
------ ----------------------------------

Dr. J eff Henderson , a Lak o t .. ioux, ac qu i r ed both h is 
b ac he lo r 's ( 1985) :J nd hi s med ica l (1 989 ) d eg r ees fr o m 
U CS D . D r. H endcr so n is a c l i ni ca l p h ys ic ia n at th c S io ux 

a n H os p it a l loc a t e d In o u th Da k o t a wh e r e hI! co mbin e 
traditi u na l In dian h e aling t ec hni q u es w it h W c s tcrn 
I11 Ccli c in c . Join us In we lco m i n g J e ff H e n ders o n ba c k t o 
c<l mpu ;It his pub l ic l e c t ur e o n We dn es d ay evenin g . 

,- --::-T-HE MEDIC INE WR'EEL: 
AN OLD PARADIGM FOR THE 

TWENTY~FIRST C~NTURY" 
W E DN ESDA Y, F E BRU ARY 1 1, 7 :00·9: OOP M 

P RI CE CE NTER THEAT R E 
R ec e,Hion Follo ws L ec tu re_ 

Th e Am eri ca n Indian C ultura l Cele bra ti o n will In c luJe film 
art wo rk,p a ne l di sc us io n s and lass pre cntR t io n s . Fo r ;l 
sc hedule, d e t a i led Informarion, or to et up an a ppolntmcnt 
with Dr. H enderson, c all (619) 534 - 1704 or c he c k Web Site: 
h t tp ://provos t.u csd _e du / wa rre n I h ea I th . h tm I 



12 CLASSIFIEDS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Gelling Inlo LI. School Ind Surviylng· The 
App/ocIIion PfOCftI. Feb, 11 . IIl118 3-4pm Price 
Center G.1Iery A. This WOIl<shop focuses on gening 
In II1CI lucceedilg In .... school. Sponsored by 
Siuden( Organizallons IIld LeldelShip OppoItunl118S. 
FOf mOte info Cltl534'()501. (215-9) 

FLY CHEAP!! 
* ROUND TRIP COURIER FARES~ 
ondon $285 llllico $150 Hong KOfI9 $389 
CHow $360 s~ $520 .... 011 $370 

AIR COURIER I NTERNAT IONAL 
1-800-298-1230 24 hr 

The Epi5copal SluOents Associalion meelS ayery 
Wednesday /rom 5:1JO.6:3O p.m. in 1I1e tntemational 
Studenl Centlf Conference Room fOf commun ion, 
Chlistian discussion, and lree dinner. Siudenls, 
lacully, and sla" welcome, C.II 534·6549 for 
Infonnalion. (219) 

Come visit US at our 'website: 
'INNJ. collegeworks. com 

PSYCH UNOERGRADS- RESEARCH OOESN'T 
EXCITE YOU? Ratherdeva/op counseUng SI"IIs and 
dirBC11y help your community? Gleal opoortuf1lty 10 

The UCSD Guardian 

CLASSIFIEDS 
The UCSD Guardian reseN es the right to classify, edit. delele offensive WOlds and 
phrases, andlor reluse any and alladvertlsemenls witheul prior nolillcallon, The Advertiser 
will nol hold the Guarriian liable lor any claims resuiling Irom Ihe publication 01 Ihe 
advertisemen!. The publlstler will also nol be held accounlable for any claim lrom an 
agreement made belween the advertiser and Ihe consumer. 
Copy should be reviewed by Ihe advertiser for errors. In order 10 be correeled in the nexl 
regular Issue. all errors musl be reported by lhe corresponding deadline. CCedii will only 
be given lor lhe Incorrecl portion of !he advertlsemen!. There are no refunds for cancellations. 
Pie . .... nd I II corre. pondence reg.rdlng CI • • • llled. to: 
UCSD Gu.rdlan. Attn : CI ••• IlIed., 11500 GUmiin Drive 103t ll, L. Jolla, CA 820113. 
Actu.1 focatlon : Student Center A , Room 217. 

ne/WorIr wilh wor1<lngprofesslonals, slreng/hen 5I<IHs 
10 cunulaJly competent Community Menta l Heahh 
Proglfll1l, 7().hl Sal. trainings al SAN YSIDRO 
MENTAL HEAL TH, /hen 150thl Illelnsllipscountry ' 
wide, caM Aiexa 101 lnI()fapp . • 28·5561 . (219·17) 

EMPLOYMENT 
Jewish American subjecls reimbursed for inlelView. 
" you are a UCSD sludenl, 21 ·25, call 552·8585 
x4185 fOf mora IOfOfmahon.(1I12-61.1 
Camp Wayne-(sistel hall of blother/sislel camp, 
Northeaslem PennsylVania, 612()'8118198). Have the 
mOlt memor_ .ummer of your 111., Directols 
needed fOf Drama, Campin~alur., Cheelleading 
and Gon. Counselor's for. Tennis, GoN, Gymnaslics, 
Taam spans, Low Ropes, Balik, Calligraphy, 

Sculplure, DrawlnO'Palnting. PhOtography, Celamics, 
Guher. SIII<·$cleenlng. Swimming (WSI Prefarred). 
Sailing, Walelsldlno. Dance, AIIrobics and Piano. 
Oihel slaff, Dr/wuNIdeo, Head Chef and Assislanl, 
Housekeeping, Nighl Walchpelsoo. On Campus 
Inlerviews February 17111. Call 1·8O()..279- 301 9 lor 
inlonnalion. (1115·2112) 

PART-TIME APPT. SEITER 

UP TO $15-$25 PER HOUR 
Salary/Comm/Bonus 

PT dily5leve5lFortunt 500 Securi ty Co. 
Miramar area 

Call 619/566-5700 
Tutors Needed, K·12, Val lous subjecls, PriOI 
experience he!plul, SI2· t5lhr. Call Bill (760) 931· 
5410 'The Buddy Syslem' (1120·2112) 

Volunteers are needed for a Research 
Drug Study. All testing and study 
medications are free of charge. 

EXCEPllONALSUMIIEROPPORTUNITY- Cemp 
Wayne, NE PA (3hISlNYC)-Sporls ollenled. 
Counselor/Specialists lor all Lanct'Walel Soons 1I1C1. 
TeMis, camping, CllfT1blllQlAopas, IAounlain Biking, 
Rockelry, Roller Hockay, SaihngIWaler Skiing, A & 

Qualified participants will be 
paid up to $240. 

Call 436-3988 Ask for Research 
Warren W. Pleskow, M.D. 

D IPLO MATE . AMERICAN BOARD OF ALL eRGy/ IMMUNOLOGY 

c • ., •• ,.' W'I'II 
CUrClI'M 
~~~8~ 

Saucy Salutations, All! 
This is your friend Pierre here, letting you all know that 
our poor Gretchen has come down with a cold and 
is currently being treated at UCSD's Health Center. 
Lucky for me, Club Med is right there to cure my pains, 
too (hunger pains, that is) ! With convenient weekday 

hours of 7:00 A M.-4:30 P.M. and fabulous Late Night Grill hours of 
7:00 p.M- 10:00 P.M e:very Monday through Thursday, Club Med is 
open any time my tummy goes a rumbl in'! My personal favorite has 
to be the made-to-order deli sandwiches, especially the Tub 0 ' Tuna 
with sprouts. With the daily sandwich special and bountiful everyday 
items, I could eat at the deli for a week without having the same 
sandwich twice! Another glorious choice is the salad bar. With dozens 
of fabulous fixings like garbanzo beans and beets, you can create 
the ultimate salad, Club Med has a great grill and a variety of rice pails 
w ith yummy meats and veggies, I always finish up with an apple, so 
I love Club Med's unbelievable selection of fresh fruit. 
And Club Med is so convenient to the School of 
Medicine, ERC nd Center Hal l! So, I'll plan on 
devouring some delectable dishes w ith you at 
Club Med soon ... 

Love, 
~imf 

Classified Line 
Ad Rates 

5tudlnll: $2 PII' 20 worda 
Faculty. 511ft: $3 per 20 worda 

AU oltlerl: S4 PII' 20 worda 
Advance paymenl Is required. 

Classified Display 
Ad Rates 

$9.00 per column Inch 
Deadlines: 

_ion Dol. PI_ y Ada Una Ada 
Mandly 
Thuradly 

Noon ,",ur.. 3 pm Thur .. 
Noon Mon. 3 pm Man. 

C, Olama, Radio, Video, Campus Iolel'l-" Wed .. 
AIlli 8, Please cal 1·888·737·9296 Of 516-883-
3067. Leave your name, phone numbel and maiing 
addr.ss. (1122-412) 

$l000's WEEKLY 
Sluff envelopes 31 home For $2.00 each 
plus bonuses. Worle Frr or prr. Make 

$.800+ weekly. guaranleed
' 
Free supplies. 

No experience necessary. For delails. 
send one siamp 10 N-J4. 12021 Wilshire 
Blvd .• Suite 552, Los Angeles. CA 90025 

Le Jolia Playhouse Is now hil lng box office sla" and 
bOx oHice superviscrs. FOf morelnf1lnnalion call 550· 
1010, (1126·2112) 
Promolions Booth Represantaliva. Requires lIavel 
IhrOU\1lOUI the San Oiego area. NighlsIWeekends. 
Flexible a"ilude, ability to wall< in valied condilions 
and a drug lest ale lequiled. Oulies Include: staHing 
new cal ~eaway diSplay booth al malls, home 
shows, and Othel evenls. plomoting a posrtlve image 
by being friendly to all show PlomotOfS, cuslOfners, 
and lhe public; keepilg booll1and display area neat 

Monday, February 9, 1998 

IlIIIImea; IIMIIngbelic_ .... nllfIIWIIinO 
general quedcna r~ fie ~, $71h1, 

wiIIIlhe_,~o/coimMuIon. I().25houlsl 
..... , mainly nu .... ·s..... K lnIereslld cal Pe ... II 
Tr_sf ANor1s Inc. II 1-1100·214-4303. (1126-21 
9) , 
Join our tearn· East 01 .... "" Austral Medil8fIIIlIan 
Cafe: CounlerlFood Producllon in an up·baal 
almosphere. CIoM 10 campus In carm.1 VIIIey. 
Mo/nir"o'UICI1 sNIts . ..... seCiD (619) 259-3278. We 
will worIt wlln your~. (1~2I9) 
Help Wanted: Pol lal Annex: Part· lime posilion 
available lor mornings. some afternoons. Pleasa can 
3!IO-1274 . .... ,01' tear." or JaM. (212·9) 

Health EducalOf Wanted. Duties include COOfdlnating 
cancer SCleening progtams, special projecls and 
healh events, II1CI dew/optng marf<el malerilis. 
Requ lramenls: sl rong communlcallon and 
organizalionaJ skill, basic COfl1lU\8r 5I<iIIs. ellprlrierlce 
In ouIreach coordinalion, end an inlerasl In public 
healhlmall<eting. 2O+IIr./Wk. $1 OIhr. -ConlraC1U81. 
Sand IIISume to Slavens Cancel canlel . Scr~s 
""'morial Hospbls, Ann: Educaiion Dept, 9888 
Genesee AYa., LeJoNa, CA92038 011 .. 10619-626· 
6793 Of a·mal 10 scrWscc.eteclric~i.com (215-21 
12) 
BABYSITIER: 5 yl. girt, 3 yr. boy. Prefer. lsi Aid+ 
CPR cert., ClI. dependable. enelgelie. claalive. 
playful; 755-4222. (219) 
GENERAL HOUSEKEEPING needed for seniors. 4 
hIS Sal. Of Sunday. Wa.1ng distance to UCSO. 558· 
1973 only Sal·Sun. (219· '2) 

RESTAURANT 

HOST/HOSHSS 
Part-time, Ivllt ime, lunch/dinner, 

experienced, responsible, 
w/strong communication sk ills 

for professional din ing 
atmosphere. 

Apply in person: 
Mon.-Fri., 2-5 rm, 

TUTTO MAR 
4365 Executive Dr., S.D, 

- -~ tutto· mare 
Student AdvllOt. · Kaplan, 4350 Exec Or (UTC 
Area) Is seeking IWO parl·lime (eves & weekend 
days) sel'liee oriented people. II you enjoy a lasl 
paced Iriendly enVilonment, you're encoulaged to 
apply. fax resume 10 619·457·n65 Of COfne in and 
complela an applicalion. (219·171 
Financial Services Finn Expanding! Call FlI1ance 
Assoclale at (61 9) 49 1·4211 to learn of company 

Monday, February 9, 1998 

orienhIIion. T .... Ied, commiuicn beoed. (2/t-17) 
CIIUIIE SlIP • LANIHOUR JOIIS. Exc.llnl 
earning & benefll poIenIiailn _sonD'ye.-t'ound 
poeIlonI. Wortd T ..... (HawaiI, A/uka, ..... Ico, 
CIlIlOeIn, alC.), Don' PlY 0I.CrIgII0UI 1QIIIICY .... , 
Asf< us hOw! 5 f 7·324-3094 Ext. C59761 (219-26) 

ROOMMATES 
Aoomrnalt Wanled: BeaUlwl IIO\IS8 In WeSl OBI 
Mar. own room, share beth. pooI+spa, yard. non-
smcidng, nope/so female only, preflf~ta studenl 
age 24·30, available March l si, $395tmo. + 114 

ut~~ies. 534-5246. (215·12) 
Single loom "' lownhouse. Shared bath. Walk ing 
dislance 10 UCSO/snullle, Female, N/S, $350.00 
mos + 1I41h utiilies. Available March I ·August 31 sI. 
Call Ang .. 455-0902. (215·17) 
ThIHI slores, lecOfd shops and pubs ale a slone's 
throwaway /rom Mission Hills ApI Roommale needed 
10 share 2BRll BA apl ASAP. SIX monlh lease req'd. 
Renl IS 53OO1mos + $150 deOOSl1 & 112 ulillilas. 
Hands down ben., location than Oon's in Sorrento 
Valleyl Blenl293.021 3 (215·9) . 
Room available in new house, 2 miles from campus. 
Washel/dryel. own garage. Non-smoker. $375 + 
ulililies. This place puiS B,ent's apt 10 shamel Bul 
\hen agall1, Brenl has no sname. Call Don at 6n· 
9031. (215·9) 
To Shalrr.la rge 2·bd, 1.5ball1 apl .. S3251mo + 112 uil/, 
balcony. laundry. sauna. non· smoking, no pets, (619) 
692'()543. (215·9) 
La Jolla fumisnad rooms for lenl, 01 fu mished loomS 
10 sIlarell1house. Privale enl rance. Wort""g sludenV 
plofessional. Non·smokel , no pels, ~te cooking, 
conSiderate, very clean, qUlel. low·key enwonment, 
walking dislance 10 baach. Near school. Ranging 
"Ofn $465·$500 induding utilil ies. Call 1-619·459· 
6322. (219·3112) 
Roommale!s) wanled for Nobel Court Apt Master 
bedroom andpllVale balh. $460/monthcall Wenrty at 
638·1590 ~'2936 (day). (219-19) 
We've got lhe washer/dryer, you bling Ihe lumilule. 
Own bdlmlball1fphone al La Jolla COlony. Female 
pleferred. S5201monlh, AYa iiable now. 622-0977. (21 
9) 

FOR RENT 
OWN YOUR OWN HOME, save renl $. Condos 
$100,000+, HOfnes $200,000+. Special savings 
UCSO stafllsluden!s . Ar ea expell, 20 vears 
experience. REIMAX COASTALJudllh Haddox. 274· 
4477. (1016·3112) 
Beaul"ul house In UC, 5 mll1. flom campus, 3 bed12 
ba, 2 car garage Pertecl fOf students. Call Nasrin. 
450·2 100x334. (212·9) 
1 loom avaIlable Spring Quaner. UnivelsllV City. 
Maslel bedloom, Privale bath. Beaulilul house, pool. 
spa. $300 +119 ullililes. Christine 643·9327. (219·26) 
FOR RENT. 3BRI2BA. Large Condo. 2 Blocks " Ofn 
UTC & Bus. $1,375. Call Susie 578·4257. (219·3/2) 
I ·BR In La Jolla $750 mo. Need 10 gel out of lea sa. 
Availabla ASAP. call 452·3620 lequesl '505. (219· 
17) 

FOR SALE 
SONY PLAYSTATION pe~e<:t condition plil'/slation, 
2 controllers. t memory card ' plus 8 games' 5225 
o.b.o. Call (6 t 9) 79H1601. (212·9) _ 

,"",COUSTIC GUITAR: Yamaha classical·nylon str ing 
'wilh case. Good condition SI00 ObO. Jim @ 552· 
8178. (215·9) 
Acula '94lnlegla LS led, 3·dool, AGlCIUlse, sunroof. 
2511 miles. Auto, spOiler. All maintenance by dealer. 
S 14.0001000. Gall (619) 535·1176. (215·9) 
Sel 01 go" clubS lor sale. including Big Bertha IIlanlum 
driver. $300 or basi olfel. ca~ 587·9686 851< lOf Scort. 
(219·17) 
HondaCivicDX 1989. 5-speed,2-dooI,silver, 140,000 
miles, GREAT CARl $3750, Blian 291 ·4724. (219· 
17) 

~ ANT E 0 
College students needed for 
market research studies. 
If qualified , get paid for 

. . \ your opinions. 
Call 299-1414, 
ask for Mark. 

TAyLOR RESEARC~ 
EGG DONORS NEEDEOf Have you ConSldeled 
helping an Inlart lle couple'S dleam come true7 1/ 
you'la 21 ·30 Vears and Willing 10 help, please call 
OPTIONS at (800) 886-9373. All laces needed. 
Compen.ation 53,500, (115·3112) 
Males and females paid $30.00 fOf ,nlel'llOw. II you 
ale of Japanese, ChlOese, 01 Korean descenl. call 
VA, 552·8585x2182. (1c;.:/5-:...:3I:..':.:2!...) ____ _ 
Heal1hy men and women fOf eyebllnk sludles 18· 
50, drug·lree . Monelary compensation. 
UCSOMC,HlllcreSI. Call Pallia at 543·2314. (212·3/9) 

EGG DONORS 
WANTED 

If you are a healthy female 
between the ages of 19 and 30 

and have health insurance . 
Compenutlon $3,500_ 

Call Mirna Navas at 

(310) 829-6782 
for more Info. 

Aquaflum TechniCian· MalntalOing resldentlall 
cOfnmelcoal aQualium systems. FleXible hOUrs. (619) 
970·1483 (212·26) 
MutIc Indullry Inlemll'll". Seel<tlgslreelmal1<etng 
lepS In San 01BgD Who loVe aRernetlVelrock music 
1 ().2O/vs/'M(, wor1<fl!/ directly w/lecordslores, Ideslyle 
$IOfa •• cofIelIes. artlsls. CaM 1·888·?33·2b87. (212· 
12). __ _ 

~~~~~~ 
~WOME.WHO~ 
'V" ARE PROUD ~ 
~ of their heritage, you ~ 
; may be eligible to be an ; 

~ egg donor if you are ~ 
~ 21-28 years, healthy, ~ 
~ responsible. ~ 
~ Call JeSSica, FFC ~ 

~ 619-581-1820 ~ 
~ GENEROUS ~ 
~ COMPENSATION ~ 
~ As;," donors n"d,d ~ 

~~~~~~ 
55 520 WART STUDY ss II you have /WO Of more 
wart's, we ale testing a painless topical anti-wart 
SOIullOll on UCSO's maincamp~s fOf hseffectiveness 
in wart removal. Please call 534·7907. (219·12) 

SERVICES 

T'~ YOUR DE~ N 
What do your numbers say a you? 

Extensive Numerology Profi le only $19. 
24 hr, I nfo: (6 19) 6 16-8683 

The UCSD Guardian 

PSYCHOTH!IIAPY. a.-. betIat ..... 10 CGpe 
willi lIIe· .......... IcIenIIIy .,.., a __ 
....... to~lCI1ieIrerMnI . ..,wilhmood 
dIf1lculin • • nxlaty. !denl.., II$UII, relalionShill 

~ • . Supportive, carinQ _oath. Clooe to 
campus. AlGJcadfeeslol'stucilniis. CIroI RIndoIpII. 
PhD. (PSYI5060) .1 .......... , (112O-3/:.l) 

SPEED·READING classes starlmg weekly. 
ProiesslOOal, patenled proglam·guaranteed. PrICed 
IOf college siudenis. Le Jolla 454-4384 ext. 223 Del 
Mal 481·3640. (212,12) 

Come visit us at our website: 
www.collegeworks. com 

CHEEPER PE6PERS! Eve exam and complale pair 
of glasses·only $99. 10 mlnules frOfn UCSD. Dr. 
Selby 0 .0. 578·6796. (1112·3112) 

d.pl \\ riling and graphics 
Affordable resumes & curriculum 
vitaes, 453-0694 before Spm, or 
e-mail dreadpiratelizzy@ msn.com 

CONTACTS·exam, fill ing, loIlow·up, one pail OW 
soil conlacts· only $89. Ask abOul our incledlble 

STUDY 
ABROAD 

Semeslerr Summer 
ond Yeor Progroms 

Spai. • Ecuador 
France e Mexico 
C05ta Rica • Chile 

~';I ' UI 'IfI(W ,;,. hit, 1/ .... ',l1li ..... ..- (om 

Study Japanese this Summer 
in Tokyo and Oregon! 

Study and live with students from Japan during the nine-
week 1998 WasedalOregon SumJ1ler Program (June 20-
Aug. 23) which offers intensive Japanese language 
classes (all leve ls) and course," in Economics, the 
Humanitie and C ulture & Society. Earn 14 semester 
credits (2 1 quarter). Wilderness Program included, Prior 
language tudy NOT required, Scholarships available! 

WasedalOregon Summer Program 
Oregon Pa rtnership for Jnt'l Education 

921 S.w. Morrison, Suite 420 
Portland, OR 97205 

info@opie.org I www.opie.org 
(800) 823-7938 

CLASSIFlEDS 13 

colored ianl o/fel. 01 Selby 0 .0 . 578~796. (1112·~ jldemirjtane ylhoo.com orS34-2!ll 0 .... meuage 
12) .::wIGary=!...O=.~(Z9-::.:...:1~2)~ ______ _ 
WE'RE LOOKING FOIl A FEW GOOO SPEAIl AI 
races needed. 000011 mUll be 20·38 y.a .. , 
Compensation $50 pel acceplabie donalion. CaM 
OPTIONS (BOO) 886·9373. (21206/. ) 
READY TO SPEAK SPANlSH7In$l.UloCALMECAC, 
GuanajUato. Mexico, Live willi family. 4 MeIIs: $785· 
flye cl ..... /day. M·F. loom/bo.rd. 
modem56equijote.uglo.mx (215-419) 
Privala TUIOf ayailable, grades 6· 1 O. Credenliaie<1. 
All sub jecis . Gu.ranlaed IOSUItS. . ·mail: 

PERSONALS 
COIn"" Fell, 12ft-The QUINlIn'. Valentine 
I_I Once again. our "V1len1kle Personals- are 
published FREEl Look IOf OUt "love Catt"'" al/he 
Price Cenler Monday (hope lOf no lain!) 10 lake YOUI 
valentines, 01' you can fill OUI a form lillie Guardian 
cHict , uPSI8~S , Sludenl Center above 1I1e GeneI. 1 
SIOfe by 3 pm lodayl (219) 

STUDY ASIA 
SYRACUSE 

ABROAD 
IN 

HONG KONG 
STUDY-TRAVEL IN CHINA 

BUSINESS & 
LIBERAL ARTS COURSES 

GENEROUS GRANTS & 
SCHOLARSHIPS 

STUDY 
IN ENGLISH 

INTERNSHIPS 

SYRACUSE UNIVERSITY 
119 Euclid Avenue 

Syracuse, NY 13244·4170 
1·800·235·3472 

suabroad@syr.edu 
http://5 u mweb.syr.ed u/d i pa 

Think These Pieces Can't Fit Together? 

For more Inforrrnrtion contact Score, 
a unit of the Wash'nlffon Post Co,; 

1-800-49-SCORE 
www.score.lfaplan.com 

"My three years at Score provided me with 
the perfect training ground for business 
school. I couldn 't have asked 
for a better opportunity, " 
Ben Besler, Harvard Business School '99 

Think again. 
Apply to Score. 
It's a perfect fd. 
Information Session: 

Tuesday, February 10, 1998 
at 5 PM, Price Center 

-, 



14 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian 

The Taming" of the Tigers 
TWO MORE: The Tritons upped their mark ~o 18-3 with a pair of victories 
By Jeff Bauett 
Sports Writer 

Thi s past weekend, history was 
made ... well , almost. With victories 
on both Friday and Saturday night, 
the UCSD 
women's basket-
ball team moved 
two steps closer 
toward setting its 
best record ever. 

Now at 18-3, 
the women would 
have to lose three 
of their remaining 
four games in order to fall shon of 
the 21 -6 mark set by last year's 
squad. 

Given their II-game winning 
streak, a collapse of such propor-
tions is unlikely, and the women's 
place in the record books should be 
secure. 

But with success comes the 
inescapable question: Is this year's 
women's basketball team the best 
that has ever donned the blue and 
gold? 

"Overall, yes," Head Coach 
Judy Malone said. "The shear 
depth and the number of people we 
have on the team that can play, and 
the number of people that con-
tribute every game [make this 
year's team the best ever)." 

Both games over the weekend 
were illustrative of the team's 
depth. 

In Friday's 82-46 win over UC 
Santa Cruz, all 15 members saw 
playing time. Saturday, 12 of the 
women ' logged double-digit min-
utes en roule 10 their 66-53 victory 
over Occidental College. 

Friday's contest against the 
Banana Slugs was the second meet-

ing between the two teams in 12 I 
day . The first contest between the 
teams was an easy Triton victory. 
Unfonunalely for Santa Cruz, not 
much had changed the second time 
around. 

UCSD put the game away early, 
shooting 47 percent from the floor 
while limiting Santa Cruz to only 
23 first-half poi nts. 

Kate Turnbull led the way, scor-
ing 8 of the team's first 14 points. 
By halftime, the margin was 
already 16 as UCSD led 39-23. 

Turnbull was also impressive in 
the opening minutes of the second 
half, scoring the Tritons' first 7 
points (4 in the key, 3 from the 
charity stripe). 

Marci Ernsberger, though, stole 
the show. In a span of 10 minutes, 
Ernsberger found time to score II 
points. trade elbows with at least 
two different Slugs and play an 
entire defensive sequence with one 
shoe on. The other was at the 
wrong end of the court. 

Team scoring honors went to 
Turnbull and Ernsberger, as each 
contributed 15 points. Krista 
Poehler led the Tritons with 8 
rebounds, including 7 on the defen-
sive end. 

The victory over UCSC was the 
Tritons' 17th of the year, and 

F ·R E E 
COPIES 

Presnlt tlUs coupon with your stud~nt 10 
and receive (I) Free Copy Card with 13 

copies for self-sene use. 

Offer valid for seIf_n~ copies, 8.5 x II 
20jI white 00nd. Explra Feburary 28, 1998. It'~ ~" 

Onec:oupoo persludent ple_. ~~ 

Costa Verde Shopping Center I UTC ~r-D· 01'1 ' '\ 2-' 1101 I~S 
8650 Genesee Ave., Ste 1200 (619) 457-9.500 San Diego, CA 92122 

pushed the treak to 10. Overall, 
the Tritons have outscored the slug-
gish NoCals by 80 points in their 
two meetings. 

Saturday, the Tritons headed to 
Los Angeles to face Occidental 
College. Forced to play away from 
the friendly confines of RlMAC 
Arena for the tirst lime this month, 
the Tritons responded with their 
18th victory of the year. 

Regardless of their distance 
from the hoop, the Tigers had trou-
ble shooting the ball. Occidental 
shot just 29 percent from the floor, 
aided considerably by their 5 for 24 
effon from behind the arc. The 
Tigers were also unable to execute 
from the free-throw line, hilling 
just 9 of 21 attempts. 

Despite the Tigers' miserable 
shooting, the Tritons were unable 
to pull away, and led just 28-26 at 
intermission. The second half was 
more to UCSD's liking, as the 
women eventually put Occidental 
away for a 13-point win. 

Turnbull led the team in both 
scoring and rebounding, with 12 
and 8, respectively. 

The Tritons' next game will be 
at RIMAC this Friday against 
Pomona-Pitzer. followed by the 
rubber match with the hated Pan-
thers at Chapman on Saturday. 

Want to see a bit of the World? 
Come Study Abroad With rESt 

REIGN: 
Tritons swamp two 
more bad teams 
Continued from page 16 
played thi s year," said center 
Tyler Field, who led the charge 
with a cool 20 points, 17 
rebounds and 6 ass ists. "We knew 
these games were pretty easy. We 
just had to go out and play them, 
get the wins. Next weekend and 
the weekend after Ihat we'll play 
some better teams." 

PART III: 
Jacob Gordon: the 
master of 2-Ball 
Continued from page 16 
he played three less minutes than 
Eddie. I'm sure he could have 
missed three shots in that time. 

In fact, it's a shame kids 
today will have any of the Lakers 
as role models. The quartet of 
Shaq, Nick Van "Wrecks-all," 
Eddie and Kobe took over half 
the West's shots and shot 40 per-
cent from the floor. I wonder 
who is to blame for the 21-point 
drubbing. 

The Lakers seem to epitomize 
spons today. Even when they play 
badly, they look oh-so-good 
doing it. The glamour of record 
deals and Hollywood pictures 
lured Shaq tQ L.A. I guess Orlan-
do wanted him (0 work on his free 
throws. 

In the NBA today, the inmates 
run the asy lum. Doug Collins was 
recently pushed out as Pistons 
coach by the former Jordan-to-be 
Grant Hill. Hill was just follow-
ing the lead of the high-ego play-
ers before him like Penny Hard-
away, who esconed Brian Hill out 

Monday, February 9, 1998 

The Tritons will have match-
ups ~ith The Master's College 
this Friday and a re-match with 
biller ' rival Christian Heritage, 
who already beat the Tritons at 
RIMAC earlier this year. 

Master's always fields a strong 
squad, bu't it was more highly-
touted last season when the Tri -
tons took care of the Mustangs, 
95-88 on the road. 

Hopefully the Tritons can keep 
their current four-game win 
streak and hopes of the playoffs 
alive with a win Friday night. 

of Orlando. 
No one in the NBA is respon-

sible anymore. Hardaway and 
Hill can't believe that it might 
possibly be their fault their teams 
are struggling. 

Of course, both those two 
made the All-Star game - Penny 
was voted to the team despite 
playing in all of 17 games this 
season. 

I think Allen Iverson spoke for 
GeneratioNEXfTl'I best when he 
elegantly stated, "I don't respect 
nobody." 

Hopefully, most school chil-
dren weren't listening (actually, I 
hear most of them are working on 
their game so they can jump righl 
from junior high into the league). 
We live in the age of the greedy 
alhlete. His motto? Dunk first; get 
paid millions later. 

Yet, I haven ' t heard that dunk-
ing wins championships or even 
that it makes you a better person. 
You can ask Shawn Kemp about 
that. 

It's still a shame the fans don't 
recognize all-around good play-
ers and instead focus only on the 
human-highlight films. 

Hey, where is Dominique any-
way? 

lie . : MAIL BOm ETC: 99¢ Color Copies 
For a limiled time, Mail Boxes 
Etc. is offering color copies at 
this low price. Just mention 

this ad to receive this 
special discount. 

(8 112 x tl only. Limil 10.) 
Now Available: PePh0G)! 

minutes minutes 
25 15 

Makin: Business Easier, Worldwide. 

• Binding • Word Processing 
& Laminating • Packaging Materials 

• Color Copies • Mail Receiving 
• Fax • Notary 
• UPS • FcdEx 

~~ 
7770 Regents Road # 113 

San Diego, CA 92122 
Ph: 453-7331 Fax : 453-7335 

Mon.-Fri. 8·7 Sal. 9-5 Sun . 11-5 
'"0\\ \1111<'111)1 \lIIlIDI< \ 

10' ( DIS(,Ol \T 

Eye Allergies? 

Study Abroad Interest Meeting 
Wednesday, Feb. 11th, 4-6 p.m. 

Scripps Clinic, Division of Opthamology is cOflducting a research study for 
itchy, watery eyes. Participants must be: 

• 18 years of age or older 
• Allergic to cats, weeds or grass 

International Center Participants need not be experiencing symptoms now. Qualified volunteers will be paid. 
IES Tilt' 111<"1,lult' 11)1 Iht' Intern,ltlon.!1 [due,ltlon of Studl'nt<, 

Call the Study Coordinator, at 619554-9604. 

............ _ ............... b_1I ~ SCRIPPS CUNIC 
fr ................. J_ .... .. C""",forSon D~goS,na 1914 

Monday, February 9, 1998 The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 15 

Sandra Lopez and sophomore Dara 
Burch. 

UCSD's game later that day 
against UC Santa Barbara was a 
closer match, but the Gauchos were 
able to hang on to a 3-goal lead in 
the fourth quarter for a 7-4 win .. 

Triton goalie Maryam Hadi-
ashar had a brilliant game in the 
cage with a slew of blocked shots, 
but UCSD was troubled on the 
offensive end, while it looked tired 
on its counter-attacks. 

Claire Scllneider I Guardian 
Fun: Sophomore Dara Burch pleads for a call from the refs as a UCLA defender throws up her hands, pretending she's innocent. 

"We are just not in good condi-
tioning shape compared to some of 
these other teams who have been 
conditioning for a while," Wallis 
said. 

Tritons Win Opener, Finish Eighth In the first quarter, the Gauchos jumped out to an early 2-0 lead. The Tritons were first able to get on 
the board when junior Kathryn 
Ozaki was mugged lrom 2-meters 
and Burch converted on the 4-
meter penalty shot that was award-
ed to UCSD. 

WET 'N WILD: UCSD won its opener against San Jose State, but found Division I & II waters rough 
By Jonah Nisenson 
Co-Associate Sports Editor 

Let EI Nino's fury dump all il 
wants; it can't stop women's water 
polo from doing its thing. While 
the majority of UCSD 
sports Ihis weekend were 
canceled due to incredible 
torrents of rain, the 
women's water polo team 
would not let the damp 
wealher hinder Ihe pro-
ceedings of the annual UC 
San Diego Women's Water 
Polo Invitational. 

The tournament got under way 
Friday and continued through Sun-
day. Among the 10 teams who par-
ticipated against the Tritons were 
San Jose Slate, Claremont-Mudd-
Scripps College, San Diego Slate, 
USC, UC Santa Barbara and pow-

erhouses UC Berkeley, Stanford, 
UCLA and UC Davis. 

In a sport which now allows 
Division I and II schools to award 
athletic scholarships where two 

years ago it was forbid-
den, the Division III 
UCSD women's water 
polo team is finding it 
more and more difficult to 
recruit promising young 
players. 

To his credit, though, 
Head Coach Denny Harp-
er has stared in the face of 

adversity with a look of persever-
ance and managed to bring an 
excellent young group of freshman 
to San Diego. 

In fact, of the eight freshman on 
the team, tive of them are members 
of the varsity squad. 

"The freshman have a lot of 
potential and are going to add a lot 
to our team," sophomore Megan 
Wallis said. "Overall, they are real-
ly team-oriented and are good play-
ers. Hilary [Smith], Nora [Salemi 
and Sandra [Lopez] are awesome." 

In the invitational's first game, 
UCSD went head-to-head with San 
Jose State. Early on, the youth of 
the Tritons sprang to life as Smith 
scored 6 goals to lead her team to 
an 8-6 victory in overtime. Junior 
Alice Huszez and Wallis each 
poured in a goal of their own in the 
winning effort. 

The victory put the Trilons in 
the winner's bracket for the rest of 
the tournament and allowed them 
to take eighth place overall. 

Saturday's luck wasn't as good. 
In an II a.m. game against UCLA, 

UCSD applied pressure defensive-
ly in the first quarter, but struggled 
offensively to get any kind of look 
at a good shot. 

The Bruins' bigger players were 
able to muscle their way inside at 
the crucial 2-meter position, get-
ting better shot opportu!'ities. 
UCLA sophomore Serela Mansur's 
5 goals were more than the Tritons 
could handle as they fell. 13-4. 

In a play similar to that of the 
1994 World Cup game featuring 
the U.S. vs. Columbia, (in which a 
Columbian defender scored a goal 
on his own team.) the Tritons 
picked up their first goal of the 
game when a Bruin player, in a 
pass back to her goalie after a steal, 
lobbed it over the goalie's head and 
into the goal. Smith added another 
goal for UCSD as did freshman 

UCSB extended its lead in the 
second quarter with two more goals 
while UCSD's Smith snuck anoth-
er one into the net for the Tritons. 
The two-far-one trades that marked 
the first- and second-quarter scor-
ing could not keep the Tritons in 
the game. In the second half, ,the 
Tritons kept pace with the Gau-
chos, but failed to close the gap. 

In Sunday'S games, UCSD fell 
in a morning matchup against 
SDSU, 1()"3, and in its afternoon 
game against USC, 5-2. 

Prior to the tournament, UCSD 
hosted Berkeley on Thursday night 
in a game that kicked off both of 
their seasons. Cal dominated the 
game with its speed and size advan-
tage, grabbing a 15-2 victory in 
front of a small crowd. 

~NO.--CDJ~E 

534-4450 
http://asucsd.ucsd.edu 

Today Feb. 9 RIMAe Arena 6:30pm 
Featuring Primus, Blink 182, Long Beach 

Dub All-Stars and Aquabats. 
Tickets on sale now! 

NEED A JOB? 
GON(;RA r ·O.LA rioNS Senior Class Gift Chairperson (Asst. III) Earn upto $1800 in 15 weeks. 
To the following organizations who placed 
in the first ever Winterfest canned food 
drive competition: 

1st Place: 
2nd Place: 

. 3rd Place: 

CORE 
Pi Kappa Alpha 
RISe 

Must be a current UCSD senior 
and be able to work within a budget. 

Applications are at 3rd Floor of Price Center 
DEADLINE TO APPLY 2112/98 

A.~. ELECTIONS 
File Today! ! ! 
App~ication on tpe third floor of Price Center 

.. •• ____ ... ..... _ .... . .. __ ........... ,. .. .,. • • • ~ • • a . . . . . ... . . . ... . . I • • '... .. .... • • & _ ., _ ......... . . .. ' ~ . "" " •• '. 

-

-



16 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian Monday, February 9, 1998 

- Pacers coach Larry Blld on center Rik 
SmrIs ' behi_k pass to Jayson 

_am, in yesterdlrt" N8A AJ.Star Game PRT----
Greed 
Basket 
Jacob Gordon 
The Holy Trilogy: 
Kobe vs. Jake 

Well , I have received many 
lellers regarding my most recent 
column and I would like to clar-
ify one thing: I have never 
denied that Kobe Bryant can 
dunk. KOBE CAN A...AT OUT 
DUNK, He is already close to 
being the greatest dunker in hi s-
tory, snatching the title away 
from I-wanna-be-like Mike, 

Still , many people out there 
are confused as to what dunking 
does for you, A dunk is a high-
percentage shot to be sure, but 
you don't get extra points for 
the windmill reverse, This isn't 
Olympic figure-skating. There 
are no judges at courtside, 

A dunk is just another two-
pointer when the game is done. 
A damn exciting two-pointer, 
but a two-pointer, nevertheless. 

So, despite some of the most 
amazing dunks in recent memo-
ry, the Laker-dominated West-
ern Conference squad was 
demolished by the Jordan-led 
East, 135- 114, in the NBA AII-
Star game yesterday. 

As I watched this thrashing, I 
could only think of one thing, 
HOLY MOTHER OF MOSES, 
CAN THAT KOBE KlD PLAY! 
For those that didn 't see the 
game, you missed oul on many 
a great play, 

Kobe shooting from the oul-
side. Kohe catching an alley-
oop from Kevin Garnell 3 feet 
behind his head and then nying 
a ex tra couple feet for Ih slam, 
Kobe faking the pass 10 Gary 
Payton and hooking it in 
Kareem-style, Kobe shooting 
from the outside again. Kobe 
dunking again, 

Yes, it sure was a show, but I 
think someone forgot to let the 
19-year-old know that hi s team-
mates were here to do some-
thing else besides give him Ihe 
ball (surprise, surprise) , 

Kobe Bryant is going to be a 
big star in this league, not so 
much because he has tool s, 
which he does, but as Isiah 
Thomas alluded to during the 
All-Star broadcast , Mr, Bryant 
is in touch with fans, 

Yesserie, Kobe is definitely 
in touch with fans. He knows 
what the young fans of today 
want... PROBABLY BECAUSE 
HE WENT TO HIGH SCHOOL 
WITH THEM! 

It's a shame that kids loday 
will grow up wanling to be 
Kobe Bryanl and I'll lell you 
why, KOBE IS GRLDY! He 
doesn' l pass, EVER, His line for 
the All-Star game went like Ihi s; 
7 of 16 shooting for 18 point 
and I assist. The only person 
who hot more was (surprise) 
Laker Eddie Jones who shot 7 of 
19, 

But let 's give Kobe his due, 
See PART III, Page 14 

RAINING: Like El Nino 

himself, the Tritons were 

pouring in buck~ts all 

weekend as they drenched 

Chapman University and 

thundered past hapless 

Pacific Christian College 

Stormin 
Ahea 

By KevIn Mclaughlin 
Co-Associate Sports Editor 

This weekend was a monster-truck 
rally for the men 's basketball team, You 
know thost.! late '70s Chevys, the ones 
stripped 10 the frame Ihat get hopeless-
ly run over time and agai n? Those 
wo uld be Chapman Uni versit y and 
Pac.: ili c.: Chri sti an Co llege thi s weekend. 
And UCSD played the role of Bigfool, 
slompi ng and c.: rushing a pair of help-
less foes, 

This was a way for the men to keep 
their engines warm. Big games loom 
ahead against The Master's College 
and Chrislian Heritage, but the Tritons 
made it clear they weren't forgelling 
about their overmatc.:hed opponents thi s 
weekend, 

Traveling to Orange to battle Chap-
man, the men dealt the Panlhers a 90-
63 defeat before returning home Satur-
day to dismiss Pacilic Chrislian, 110-

Total 
71 

110 

MEN'S BASKETBALL 

Claire Schneider/Guardian 
Well excuse me: Junior Tyler Garratt elbows his way to the hoop past a 
Pacific Christian defender. The Tritons reigned over the Royals , 110-79. 

79 at RIMAC Arena, 
~rav ing the ravages of slorm-

swept southern California, the men 
headed out Friday night to tame the 
Panthers, Ha vi ng beaten Chapman 
Ihree weeks previously in a 
102-67 squeaker, the men 
were in danger of overconli -
denc.:e , 

However, it was apparent 
thatlhe men c.:ould afford 10 be 
overc.:onfident , as the team 
stormed out to a 19-point lead 
at the half. 

The men's qui c.: k start 
could be allribuled to their shooting 
which remained stellar, as it has all sea-
son. 

Sophomore gunner Cole Miller 
jumped off the bench into the starting 
shooting guard slot and knocked down 
five three-pointers en route to 16 
points. 

Mike Wall led the team with 17 
points, one under hi s season average, 
while the men hit on 16 of 30 three-
point attempts, 

The squad spread the ball around 
well , as everyone got a c.:hance to play 
and the men c.:ommilted a minuscule 8 
turnovers on the ni ght. 

Though the Tritons easily spanked 
Chapman again , it 's not like the 9-10 
Panthers haven' l beaten a few teams. 

Pacilic Chrislian College, for instance, 
was soundly beaten by the Panthers 
earli er in the year. Poi nt Loma 
Nazarene College sc.:ored its only win 
of the season against PCe. 

Who the 4-25 Royals man-
aged victories against is any-
one's guess, but they weren' t 
about to pick up number li ve 
against the Tritons. 

UCSD absolutely owned 
the Royals throughout the 
game, The tinal spread of 31 
points is not indicat.ive of how 
the compleleness of the Tri -

tons' domination. 
UCSD outdid pec in every catego-

ry poss ible, with more rebounds, 
assists, bloc.:ks and steals than the hap-
less Royals. 

The only category the Royals led in 
was, surprisingly, three-point shooting, 
which they hit at a 44 percent clip. This 
was thanks to the heroics of guard Josh 
Whelihan, who hit nine Ihrees en route 
to an incredible 48 points. 

However, the other starting guard 
for PCC shot I for 19 on the night, so 
Whelihan had to do work for both of 
them. Since no one else on the team 
appeared c.:apable on the offensive end, 
his efforts were moot. 

"That was the worst team we've 
See REIGN, Page 14 

The Week Ahead.· •• 
Women'. Basketball 
UCSD will Look to make 
it i 2 in a row against 
Pomona-Pitzer this 
Friday night at RIMAC 
Arena at 5 p.m. 

Men'. Basketball 
The Tritons have a big 
game this Friday night 
against The Master's 
College at RIMAe 
Arena at 7 p.m. 

Baseball 
The Tritons will take the 
road this week as they 
traveL north to do battLe 
with Concordia and 
Chapman 

Softball 
This Friday at 4 p.m. on 
RiMAC's North FieLd 
the Tritons pLay their 
home-opener against 
RedLands 


