
Elsewhere 
u. Arizona Workers 
Sue Regents 
TUS 0 , ri z. - Five for-
mer Universi ty of Ari70n"1 

oil 'ge of Medi <.: ine employ-
ees ha e tiled suit against the 
Arizona Board of Regents, 
alleging they were fired 
because th 'y were unahle to 
return to work after heing 
exposed to formaldehyde. 
A<.:w rding to their allorney. 
Don Awerkamp, the employ-
ees are seeking an unspeci fied 
amoun t of compensatory 
damages for lost in<.:ome and 
emotional distress . Awerkamp 
said all five employees were 
fired three years after their 
initial exposure to the chemi -
<.:a l in a university laboratory 
where formaldehyde is used 
to preserve human cadavers . 
UA attorney Lynne Wood 
sa id the uni vers it y fired the 
empl oyees because they did 
not return to their jobs after 
being on long- term di sability 
in 'urance for three years. 
- The Arizona Daily Wildcat 

Group Supports 
Bilingual Education 
LOS ANGELES - The 
UCLA student organization 
Movimienfo ESflldiantil 
Chicana y Chicano de AZflan 
(MEChA) has coll e<.: ted over 
700 signatures from students 
who oppose Sili<.:On Valley 
software entrepreneur Ron 
Unz 's proposal to eliminate 
bilingual education, otherwise 
known as "English for the 
Children." A study by the 
Linguistic Minority Research 
Institute Educati onal Policy 
Center at UC Davis found 
that the number of school-
children in alifornia who do 
not speak · nglish is estimated 
to be 1.3 million, or a quarter 
of students enrolled in 
Cali forni a's puhlic schools. 

- The Daily Bruin 

Professor Smokes 
Hemp as Statement 
STATE COLLEGE, Penn . -
Pennsy lvania State Univers ity 
chem istry Professor Juli an 
Heicklen sat in a chair at 
Uni ve rs ity Gates and moked 
a marijuana joint last 
Thursday, arguing that he was 
standing up for hi s personal 
freedoms and informing Penn 
State students about the 
power of the government. 
"The rea l cause that I believe 
in is freedom ," Heicklen said . 
"People should be le ft alone 
to do what they want." 
According to uni versi ty 
police, Hei<.: klen was not 
arrested be<.:ause he was not 
smoki ng marijuana when the 
police arrived and they could 
not determine whether a 
crime was being committed . 

- The Dail Colleg ian 

Spoken ... 
"[ believe thaI we owe 
much of our suc 'ess in 
achieving diversity over 
the pa. I 30 years to our 
highl effe live affirma-
tive-action efforts. " 

- Richard Atkinson 
UC President 

Hyping EI Nino En Fuego It's Good! ~ San Diego media are having a Men S basketball The Guardian takes ~ field day lee 'Iling off the won its J J th . tmight a look at Super en 
weather phenomenon (4" th.e year garne last weekend Bowl .fi ver 1&1 

::::a Opinion, page 4 Sports, page 16 Features, page 9 l-

T H E U C 5 D 

UC SAN DIEGO TUESDAY, JANUARY 20, 1998 VOLUME 93, ISSUE 5 

Earth Ice Spoils Martian Meteorite 
SPACE: Scientists say 
material in rock has 
terrestrial origin 
By S. Javan Wygal 
Staff Writer 

Scientists have found that 
organic material - thought to 
prove the ex istence of previous life 
on Mars - is actually from Earth. 

Carbon inside the potato-sized 
meteorite comes from the Antarctic 
ice in whit:h it was found and not 
from Mars, sc ientists from UCSD's 

Scripps Institution of 
Oceanography and the Uni versi ty 
of Arizona, Tut:son, conduded in 
separate papers both published in 
the Jan. 16 issue of the journal 
Science. 

While the st:ienti sts from the 
two institutions used different 
methods to analyze the meteorite, 
named Allan Hi lis 8400 I 
(ALH8400 I), both groups found 
that it contained l:o ntaminated 
material acquired from the sur-
rounding it:e. 

The papers represent the li rst 

published resu lts of tests to be done 
si nce st:ientists from NASA's 
Johnson Space Center and the 
Stanford Uni versi ty reported the 
possible existent:e of bacterial fossi ls 
inside the meteorite in August 1996. 

"This is bad news with respect 
to those using these meteorites to 
assess whether there ever was or is 
life on Mars," said Jeff Bada, a pro-
fessor of marine chemi stry and 
head of the Scripps team. "It shows 
that the meteorites aren't goi ng to 
give us a dclinite answer." 

Bada's team ana lyzed amino 

Remembering the Dream 
.r~~~~~--------~--~~~ 

lisa Huff/ Guardian 
SluIrin.: Chancellor Robert Dynes gives a UCSD T-shirt to Robert Polanco, Jr. , during the annual 
Martin Luther King Parade Saturday in downtown San Diego. 

UC Regents Approve Budget Proposal 
FUNDS: Undergraduate 
fees will decrease 5 
percent for two years 
By Erika Snider 
Staff Writer 

• SAN FRANCISCO - The t:O t 
of an UC education wi ll be a little 
more affordab le for undergraduate 
student , thanks to the UC Board 
of Regents' Friday approval of the 

ollege Affordahility Act, former-
lyAB I31!! . 

tudent fees will be redu ed by 
5 percent, from the current 3,799 
to $3,609 beginning in Fall 1998. 
The act wi ll al so freeze graduate 

fees, lower fee for CSU students 
by 5 percent as well , and cut per-
unit t:os ts at community colleges 
from 13 to 12. 

Act:Ording to a statement by Lt. 
Gov. Gray Davis, thes . reductions 
arc the largest decreases ever in 
UC and CSU student fees. 

Davi worked with 
Assemblywoman Denise Moreno 
Ducheny, D- ational ity, to devel-
op the ollege Affordability Act. 

The regents also approved a 
400 int:rease in the nonre ident 

tu ition, from ,984 to 9,3 4. 
Howeve r, ~ome regents .voiced 
thei r concerns about the increase. 

Regent David Lee, an immi-

grant from Taiwan who had to fin -
ish hi s edu t:ation in Montana 
because he could not afford UC 
Berkeley 's nonresident tuiti on, 
said he objet:ted to the increa 'e. 

Lee said he believed the rate 
hike di st:riminated against foreign 
students who cannot obtain state 
residency as easi ly as Amerit:an 
students. 

Lee also said the increase may 
discourage foreign students from 
allending a U ~chool , a pro~pect he 
believes could harm.the U system. 

"UC is what it is today because 
it not only educates the ~ tate, but 
the nation and worldwide," Lee 

See MONEY, Page 3 

acids t:ontained wi thin a sample of 
the meteorite. while the University 
of Arizona team, led by professor 
Timothy Jull, a research geoscien-
tist, examined radiot:arbon activity 
in the bulk of the organic material 
in a sample from ALH84001 . 

Bada, an expert in the analysis 
of amino acids, and hi s team used 
high-performant:e liquid chro-
matography to analyze amino at:ids 
in the meteorite. Although they 
could not rule out the possibility 
that minute amounts of extra-ter-

See SPACE, Page 3 

Outreach 
Plan is 
Unveiled 
PLAN: UC wiJl spend 
$12 million on 
development programs 
By Erika Snider 
Staff Writer 

SAN FRANCISCO - Intending 
to attract more students from under-
represented racial minority groups to 
the University of California, UC 
President Richard Atkinson unvei led 
a plan on Thursday to improve the 
UC system's outreat:h services new 
recruitment programs and increased 
outreach funding. 

In July 1995, the UC Board of 
Regents eliminated the use of race, 
gender or ethnit:ity as fat:tors in 
UC admissions. 

" I be lieve that we owe mut:h of 
our success in achieving diversity 
over the past 30 years to our high-
ly effective affirmative-action 
efforts," Atkinson said in a state-
ment released Thursday. "Yet I 
also believe the university now has 
the opportunity to shape an 
approach to diversity that puts 
greater emphasis on individual 
promi se and potential , less on 
characteristics like one's gender or 
the t:olor of one's skin." 

Known as the Outreat:h At:tion 
Plan, Atkinson 's diver ily initia-
tive was presented to the regent 
along with its newly appointed 
head, fonner UC Santa Cruz chan-
cellor Karl Pi ster, a senior as 'oci-
ate to Atkinson. 

Pister will be responsi ble for 
overseei ng the coordination of ut-
reach at: tivities across the UC y '-
tem. Many of these a ·tivities will 
be centered around the ret:Ommen-
dations of the U Outreach Task 

See OUTREACH, Page 7 



2 NEWS 

UCSD Hosts Forum 
on Race Relations 
DISCUSSION: Christine lijima Hall talks about 
what it means to be interracial in America 
By Tabitha Granshaw 
Senior Staff Writer 

Chrislilll': liji llla Hal l. Ihe a,so-
ciale vice provo,1 for eX lended 
slUdies al Arizona Slate 

ni ven, ily, spoke Thursday al lhl.: 
Cros, Cuhura l Center lO a crowd 
of anoul 60 pl.:of1le. Her ict:lure 
was part o f a day of aCli vi lies 
entilled " Please Choose am:?" 

In her lec ture, lijima Hall 
addre".:d topics 
including interra-
cial l1Iarriage and 
whal il means to he 
an interracial indi -
vidual. 

She al~o dis-
cu~scd the defini -
l ion of interradal 
marriage in Ihe 

ahnormal and cou ld nOI repro-
duce," lijima Hall ,aid. 

It was not unlil Ihe supreme 
court dec ision of Loving v. 
Virginia in 1967 Ihal interracial 
marriage, were lega lized . 

lijima Hall also said lhat the 
0.1 . Simpson trial brought to Ihe 
forelronl ,ome people's att iludes 
ahout interracial relationships. 

" I do believe that some people 

nited Slales. 
" In Ihe nilcd 

Stat.:s il \ delincd 
as the union, Illar-
riage, whalever, of 
peopk o f IWO 
races ," I ij i rna Hall 
said. 

"There are 
some issues of 
hiding and fear 
and rejecting 
that come In if 

were say ing this is 
what happens if a 
white women gets 
with a black man," 
lijima Hall said. " I 
know thai Ihe con-
versation was 
going on thai this 
is something that 
wi II hap'pen, and 
she deserved it. " 

lijima Hall said 
Ihal in the Uni ted 
Slates, inlerrac ial 
marriages are often 
seen as un acccpl -
ahle. Couples who 
wanl 10 marry are 
somel i mes labeled 
as se lfish by those 
who oppose the 
union. 

lijima Hall 
lalked .. bout inler-
racial marriages 
over a hroad lime 
span in America. 

you don't 
acknowledge 
all the parts of 
you." 

- Christine IIJlma Hall She said many 
U .S. serv icemen 
married Japanese 

Associate vice provost 

l ijima Hall also 
discussed the facl 
that siandardized 
form s somet i mes 
force multiracia l wUllwn during 

Arizona State 
University / West 

World War II. 
However, al lirst il was illegal for 
soldiers 10 marry Japanese women. 

lijilila Hall ,aid a double stan-
dard ex isled for Japanese lind 
Germlill women after the war. In 
Wurld War II. America fought 
against bOlh Japan and Germany. 

" II wasn'l ilkgal to marry a 
German wOlllen : she was 
European, she was whil e," she 
said. "So Ihere had to he a ra~ist 
reason behind some o f Ihis." 

liji llla Hall abo ,aid further 
col11pli ~a tio n s arosc w hen ser-
vice men w ho had rnarried 
Japan',e women relurned 10 Ihe 

nil ed Slale, . Inlerracial mar-
riages were ilkgal in lIl any .S. 
stales after the war. 

According 10 l iji llia Hall 
inlerraci al peopk were lookcd 
down upon In Ihe 11)50s. 
SOllleone who wa~ half AfriGrn 
/\merkan and half while wa~ 
n: I"crred 10 as mulallo; lIlul alio 
mean, lIlule, lijinw Hall ,aid. 

" What Ihey were say ing lin 
the I I) 5 lls I was Ihal it was unnal -
ural I"or two races, and prinwril y 
in Ihme days hlad and while, 10 
mix, and Iherefore Ihe child Ihal 
was developed from thai was 

individuals 10 
choose one race over anolher. In 
the 1'I70s, when lijima Hall car-
ried out some or her rcsearch, 
there wasn' t an oplion of check-
ing more Ihan one box . 

" It was the mosl important 
Ihing Ihat I Ihink you get ques-
I ioned on on a regular hasis in 
your life and what I titled a chap-
ler; il was ca lled 'Please Choose 
One,'" lij ima Hall sa id. "So here 
you have an applicalion for a job 
or school and it says please 
choo,e one .. .. " 

liji ma Hall addressed the fact 
Ihal il is imporlant for individuals 
10 a\.:knowledge all parts of Iheir 
idcl1lilY· 

"One of Ihe thing~ we' re find-
ing out. .. Ihat peop le who under-
stand. not even accept , bUI 
acknowledge ai lihe parts 01" them, 
do llIuch neller," lij ima Hall said. 
"There arc some issues or hid ing 
and fear and rejecting Ihat coille in 
if" you don ' t acknowledge all Ihe 
parts or you." 

Other activities fealurcd al Ihe 
ross Cultural enter on 

Thursday included a studenl dia-
logue, a hrown bag luncheon and 
a " dating game." 

GUARDIAN II 
rife UCSD GU~'lfd,an IS PUOhSfleo MOndays end ThurSdays dunng the aefXlemk: 
, ear by and 101 the students of UCSD Reproduction of th is newliipaper In any 
form. 'l't'helh lr It, .".llOI or In p ft . WithOut pernllssion IS strIctly IHohlblted 
C 1 97 . all fights re.servell . The UCSD GUiJujl[Jnis nOI Ie ponsll)lc for the return 
of unSOhCIIC<l manuscnt>ts or Ort. l lle YlewS cxpr SSud herein do no t necessofl ly 
represent Ihu opinion!' of n IP UCSD Gut1rdlan. Ihe Universit y of Cali fornia or the 
ASSOc.lln tJ Sl utW,WL n 'e UCSD Guardmn IS lunde(J SOl ly by advert' Ing 
Ht.!.Jd5 are gOln~ 10 fall In the ne.d edition of the ElscwtlelCS. I Swear II R 0 

The UCSD Guardian Tuesday, January 20, 1998 

ETCETERA .. ··. 

BRIEFLY ••• 

UCSD Honors Four Teachers 
UCSD honored fo ur local teachers as High School 

Teachers of the year. The teachers were seleeted by for· 
mer students, all of whom are now enrolled at UCSD. 

Teachers cited for 1997 are Marilyn Baer of Mira 
Mesa High School , Brady Kelso of Scripps Ranch High 
School, Brett Weiss of University City High School and 
Steve Murray of Cerritos High School in Orange County. 

UCSD Chancellor Robert Dynes, Vice Chancellor 
Joseph Watson, Registrar Richard Backer and Muir 
College Provost Patrick Ledden each hosted a ceremo· 
ny to honor the four at their respective high schools. 

The Outstanding Teacher Recognition Program was 
initiated in Spring 1996 by the Office of Admissions and 
Outreach. Students who accept admission to UCSD are 
asked to nominate a teacher who had a strong, positive 
academic influence on their lives. 

In 1997, UCSD received more than 2,700 nomina-
tions for 2,500 teachers from around the world . Each 
teacher was given a certificate of recognition and a let· 
ter from Dynes. The teachers that received the most 
nominations were named Teachers of the Year. 

Leadership Workshop on 
Resolving Disputes Today 

A seminar entitled ' Alternative Dispute Resolution: 
Mediation vs . litigation" addressing resolving conflict 
without lit igation will be held today from 3 to 4:30 p.m. 
in Price Center Gallery A. 

The workshop, presented by Student Legal Services 
Director Tony Valladolid, a representative from the San 

Diego Med iation Center, provides student leaders with 
the techniques to resolve conflict and promotes resolu· 
tion without the expense of litigation. Students will 
explore topics such as negotiation, mediation and arbi· 
tration as they pertain to legal issues. 

The event is the second workshop of the UCSD 
Passport to Leadership Seminar Series and is spon· 
sored by the Student Organization and Leadership 
Opportunities office and Kapla n Educational 
Centers . 

Guitarists to Perform Thursday in 
the Mandeville Auditorium 

Guitarists Manuel Barreuco and Steve Morse will 
perform in concert on Thursday, Jan. 22, at 8 p.m. in 
the Mandeville Auditorium. 

Born in Santiago de Cuba, Barreuco began playing 
popular Latin American music at the age of eight. He 
performs songs ranging from the works of Bach and 
Mozart to the works of jazz greats Chick Corea and 
Keith Jarrett. 

Morse, a former member of the band Dixie Dregs, is 
the recipient of seven Grammy nominations. A virtuoso 
on both the electric and acoustic guitar, he is widely 
respected for his versatile style , broad musical back-
ground , and spectacular technique . 

Tickets are $16 fo r students , $18 for faculty, staff 
and senior citizens and $20 general admission. Tickets 
are available at the Price Center Box Office , weekdays 
from 10 a.m . to 5 p.m. 

GENEVIEVE COli , Features Edi tor 
JESSICA SCHEPPMANN, Assocla le FOatures EdI tor 

MEGAN KLEIN , OpInion Edll or 

DESIClNER: Kan F" eOman 

JESSYCA WALLACE, AssoclDte OpInion EdItor 
TRAVIS HILL, SporlS EdItor 

IONAH NISENSON , Co-ASSOCiate Sports EdllOr 
KEVIN McLAUGHUN, Co·Assoclate Sports Cdll or 

ILONA FASS, Co-HIatus Ed, tor 
SCOTT YAGER, Co-HlOtus EdItor 

CLAIRE SCHNEIDER, PIIOIO EdItor 
BRENDAN CAHILL, Graphics E:dllO< 

WALT DICKINSON, DesIgn E:dltor 
NICK RUNCO, Onlme E:dllor 

COMPUTER SUPPORT: Marcu. LobbIO 
ADVERTISING ASSISTANT: YveUe Alcala 
CIRCULATION ASSISTANTS: Philip Goldm,n, Se . n Gross, TOOd Houston. KeVin 
Katdn , Greg lillIe 
ADVERTISING REPRESENTATIVES: AndIe., Hong 

ANN BAREFIelD, BUSiness Manager 
BROCK HALTER, Adver tlsmg Manager 

MIKE MARTINEZ, Advertlsmg Ar t Dlfcctor 
10E PAN, Advertlsmg Design & Layout 

IOHN BARBER, Adver tISing Design & Loyoul 
CHERYL SASTO, AsslSl ont BuslflcsS M anager 

EDITORIAL ASSISTANT: En"" Snltler 
News/Features: 534.5226. General [ oltoM I: 534-6581 

Opinion/Sports: 534-6582. Hiatus: 534·6583 
Advert lsmg Office : 534·3466. Fa>: 534 7691 

e·marl · guardlan@ucsd edll 
TERRY LEW, Cdl lor m Cnlel 

IONAH FREEDMAN , Co Monl.l/llflg E:dl lor 
GRACE lANG, Co Manajjl fl/l EdItor 
TABITHA GRANSHAW, Copy Edllor 

JUUA KULlA·MADER. Co N .. s E:dltor 
RYAN OLSON, Co-News Cdllor 

LEENA SHANKAR. Associll te News EdItor 

SENIOR STAFf WRITERS: lindsay Hdms. Mary H!gglns, laura Knighten Sean 
Rtlhunl, ChriS Schreiber. Anna Valsrnan, Steve W,11$h. Esth r Youn 
STAFF WRITERS: RdChel Bdrg, K.)l d C~ulo~. P.lui Ood~W , Jd<.ob fdon. Sehra 
Han, K Ie Jun. Mallhew Kallnow 1\1 . L\Hooe M kay. Annam Manlhuam, AOfla 
McClain. Surd MOOSAVI. Jenny Nicholson. ElVin Pl fln&. Chnsttna Rhudy, Kavlt8 
Sadand, Sara nyder. Quyen Tu . S J':lVan Wygdl. va lei Ydng 
ILLUSTRATOR : Joe Ang/UIO 
PHOTOGRAPHERS: o.m. AIISS. Andrew Ch n. II 8 Huff. Monlkd Kob,le<:ka. 
DaVId lubiU. OJvtd Pill. ChnSlOpher Sylvester. KerlCl rd Walker, Allison Wilco l 

Guardian Onlme: http://www ucsd.edu/gu rOlan/ 
UCSD Guardian, 9500 Gilman Drive 0316, 

La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 
Aclual location: Second Root, UCSD Student Center Blnldlng 'A' . Rm, 217 

Tuesday, January 20, 19Y 

SPACE: 
Possibility remains 
of life on Mars 
Continued from page 1 
restrial amino ac ids were preserved 
in the meleorile, the bulk of the 
amino acids consisted of forms 
simi lar 10 that seen in Ihe i\.:e where 
Ihe meteorile was found . 

" Whm IVe found was Ihal, yes, 
Ihere arc amino acids in I he meteorite 
al very low leve ls, but Ihey are dear-
ly telTestrial and they look sim ilar 10 
amino acids we see in Ihe surround-
ing Antarctic ice," Bada said. "How 
they gOI Ihere is still an open issue." 

Ba la mai nlained that Ihe two 
sl udies show that " Ihere is no evi-
dence in our hands Ihat the mete-
orite conlains any compounds that 
we cou ld dclinitely trace to Mar ' , 
except maybe soml! tiny mysleri-
ous component that we don ' t 
understand at Ihi s point." 

Daniel Glavin, a Scripps gradu-
ate sludenl, Gene McDonald of the 
NASA Jet Propulsion Laboratory, 
and Luann Becker of the 
Universily of Hawaii co-authored 
the Scripps paper. 

Jull has heen studying 
ALH 8400 I for the past three years 

MONEY: 
Out-of-state tuition 
will increase $400 
Continued 'rom page 1 
said. 

The regents also discussed Gov. 
Pete Wi Ison 's 1998- 1999 UC bud-
get, which includes $22.5 million 
extra to t:Over I he 5 percent reduc-
lion in undergraduate fees. 

The state allocated $2 .2 billion 
to Ihe UC system ror 1997- 1998. 
Wil on has proposed raising that 
amount by $175 million, or 8 per-
cent , for 1998-99. The $22.5 mil -
lion needed to cover the reduclion 
in fees is included in thi s increase. 

The governor's budget also pro-
vides for the follow ing: 

• $ 14.6 l11illion 10 enro ll 2,000 
l110re sludenls. 

• $6 mi Ilion to bri ng more 
undergradual es into eng ineering 
and t:Ompul er science program s. 

The UCSD Guardian 

to gel more information aboul the priscd if scienli,ts gOI a dcli nile 
isolopic 'omposilion of Ihe early answer on Ihe question o f possihle 
Martian atmosphere. ancien l lif ' on Ma.., from Ihis or any 

Even bel"ore Ihe Johnson Space olher meleori le." 
Cenler and Stanford reJlO I1 was puh- '"Evcn if we ullimalely find Ihat 
lished , Jull discov- "What we found all Ihe organi c 
ered Ihal the car- malerial in Ihi s 
bonatt: materials of was that, yes, meleorite came 
the meleorite were there are amino from Earth, that 
far richer in cilrbon-
13 Ihan any I:arbon-
ales on Earth . 

acids in the 
meteorite at 

doesn' t rule (Jul Ihe 
possibility that lil"e 
may have evolved 
on Mars," Be\.: k Jull 's group in 

Arizona found Ihat 
the abundance of 
carbon-13 in 
ALH 8400 1 IS 
indeed an exact 
malch to the ca r-
bon- 13 in Earth's 
organic carbon. 
providing convinc-
ing evidence that 
the' organic carbon 
in the meteorile i 
"regular terrestrial 
organic material." 

very low levels, 
but they are 
.clearly 
terrestrial and 
they look similar 
to amino acids 
we see In the 
surrounding 
Antarctic Ice." 

said . .. /\ meteorile 
represents only a 
liny fragmenl of an 
entire planet." 

Bada sa id he 
believes thai scien-
li sts will have to 
wait until a Mars 
probe scheduled 
for 2005 return s to 
reso lve the ques-
tion of life on 
Mars. - Jeff Bada 

Professor of Marine Chemistry " In the mean-
time, we can Ihrow 
any kind of analy -
ses that we want to 

Christopher 
Courtney, Daniel 
Jeffrey and Warren 

Scripps Institution of 
Oceanography 

Beck - all of Ihe Universi ty of 
Arizona - co-authored the paper 
with Jull. 

Jull said that he "would be sur-

• $5 million ror the crealion or 
new studenl outreach and schoul -
improvement programs. 

• $5 mi Ilion to support academ-
ic programs and planning for UC 
Mer~ed . 

• $4 mill ion for instruclional 
technology. 

• $3.4 mi Ilion for Ihe expansion of 
existing universily outreach pro-
grams, as well as funding ror UCSD's 
International Thermonuclear 
Experimental Reactor project. 

• $3 milli on for the Induslry-
University Cooperative Research 
Program, which is intended to 
deve lop research partn crships 
between the UC campuses and pri -
vate industry. 

• $3 milli on for the Calirorni a 
Digi tal Lihrary, wh ich will provide 
Inlernel access to Ihe UC libraries . 

• $1 million 10 develop courses 
ror the Ca lifo rnia Virtual University, 
whi ch will allow students a\.:cess to 
online courses rrom approximately 

at these meteorites and we are nOI 
going to provide an answer one 
way or another about whether life 
ex isted on Mars," he said . 

200 Californi a universities. 
Larry Hershman, UC vice presi -

denl for budget. warned thai even 
wilh Ihe increase, Ihere arc slill 
3,200 unfunded students in Ihe UC 
syslem. 

A ftcr Regenl Sue Johnson said 
she was worried to see the student-
faculty rati o conlinue lO " erode" 
because of ove renro llment, 
Hershman said he wi II " try to t:On-
vey the same message" of \.:oncern 
when he l11eelS wilh the governor's 
dircctor 01" linance about the budget. 

Despite a $ 12 million cut to K-
12 leacher training programs, UC 
Presidenl Ri chard Alkinson vo iced 
hi s overall support for the gover-
nor's proposed budget. 

" With the funding levels pro-
posed in the Governor's Budget, 
the promise of an affordable, acces-
sible and high-quality education, 
which was made to past genera-
tions of Californians, is being kept 
and renewed," Atkinson said. 

NEWS WR,,.ERS "'IE,.'NO . ".A¥ .4, .",. 
'N "~E PAL" ,.'Al ~A~AN WF'~B . S'J4. ZZ6 

NEWS 3 

Now ENROLLING: SAN DIEGO'S #1 COURSE FOR THE 

Serving the UCSD pre-medical community since 1985 

* M.D,'s TRAINING M.D,'S-OF-THE-FUTURE * 
• INTENSIVE MCAT preparal ion & medical school applicalionl 

admissions assistance are aI/we do! 

• MCAT EXPERTS: an independent program taught by UCSD-trained 
academic M.D.'s, top M.D.-Ph.D. candidates, & Engl ish Department 
Ph.D. facully. 

• ORIGINATOR. not simulator. of intensive MCAT prep in San Diego. 

• 13 WEEKS ( 150+ hours) of detailed in-class inslruction & real MCAT 
lesting, problem solving, reading/writing workshops, review groups, 
med school application & admissions sirategies, & tUloring. 

• 2500 PAGES of original take-home review notes, reading & writing 
study guides, MeAT & admissions stralegy handouts, problem sets, & 
MCAT-quality timed practice exams. 

• REAL MCAT TESTING for in -class & lake-home practice. 
· 
• DIRECT CONTACT with young UCSD docs & mcd students. 

• TUTORING, pre-med library & !TIed school applical ion help included. 

REVELLE LEA D E R S HIP o p P 0 R TUN I I E S J 

to *"'I:'t1:nl~-:IJCIe"ars 
1. General Office/S~1 
2. Production AssisKJr1C,'lt-Arts Appl;~ .. avallabl. now Im. .. "~.'''. 
3'E~ 4. ~ Assislance-+iealth/Mectac:ine (Bilfingu /Soani)h Preferred) 
5. DesktOp PUbfishing 

Coli ••• A"""nI.fraflon Bu,lld,fllJ 

ANY aUESTl 



4 OPINIO The UCSD Guardian 

PINI 

Get ready for another 

torrent of television 

hype about that 

disastrous weather 

phenomenon, 

El Nino 

By Dan Streeter 
Contributing Opinion Writer 

If there is one thing you can 
always count on from the local 
news, it is hypc. 

This is understallliahle. Thcre is 
nOI alw;lYs much going on "" ou nd 
town and dramatic hyperboles 
boost ratings. This is understand-
ahle , hUI also extremely annoyi ng. 

Take EI Nino for example. The 
media ha~ becn Iceching thi s topic 
for months and it is gelllllg vcr 
dull . EI inn is a phra ~e that 
descrihes a seasonal. equatorial 
wca ther pallern that illflu ' nces 
weather all over the hell1 i,phclc. 
One of thc clrects of EI liio is thc 
chancc for more rain on the West 
Coast. 

Let mc rephrase that. For 
Southcrn 'ali fornians . EI ino 
means the possihility of ahnormal-
Iy wet wc.llher. That IS all. It is a 
weat her pallen!, not a war. It is 
about clouds. wind and prccipita-

tion. It is import ant and interesting, 
but if I wanted constant updates 
about the possibility of ex treme 
weather. I would watch The 
Wcather Channel. 

This is not a media event. 1 
dOIl't care about Storm Watch '98 
or the EI Nino Nighlmare. Unlil it 
bccollles necessary to kayak down 
La Jolla Village Drive. people 
should not be disturbed. 

Hypi ng the rain may qui te pos-
sibly b' the lowest form of media 
manipulalion imaginable. I think it 
1U11y be part of a twisted phone-
cornpany l:onspiracy to coerce my 
parents into c<l lIing me at cight in 
thc Illorning jllSt to check on the 
weathcr. 

I don 't havc any scriou~ issues 
with weather pattelns, EI 1110 IS 
just bccoming rcally trit e. One 
iWle is the narnc: EI ino - Ihe 
boy. That i~ really ~cary. 

From what I gather, th l: offend-
ing weather pallern was ~o named 

because its effects are first felt 
around Chri stmas. So the weather 
pattern has a vague association 
with the birth of Chri st. Even 
though I can respeci that Jcsu has 
his very own weather pallern, the 
name is sti II weak, considering 
the darnage people associ ale with 
it. 

Obviously, a change is in order. 
I vOle that a name change of EI 

ino to EI Diabl be instituted. 
People would have good ciluse to 
he wary - it could even give chil-
dren nightmares. 

The concept of u rain spawncd 
in the dept hs of hell would be filr 
more appealing 10 the media. as 
well as to the puhlic. We can Ihen 
someday tell our kid~ that we had 
inde'd seen the rilins of Hilde and 
lived to tell about it. We could even 
~e ll T-~hirt s . 

The other prohh.:rn a\\ociutcd 
with the EI iiio phenomena is the 
ahsu rdity of the reporting. To keep 

Ihe media momentum going on the 
dry days, the news constantly airs 
stories about rain safety. 

Rain safety? Is thi s the third 
grade? 

nle media acts as if it has never 
rained before. Obviously, people 
should avoid the roads on rainy 
days and be especially cautious if 
they drive. If you li ve on a hill and 
it seems like your house is going to 
slide down, leave. This is all com-
mon sense, and it should not be a 
daily part or th ' news. 

Enough kidding around for the 
moment. Everyonc is cheat~d when 
the rnedi<l sci Is out real news sto-
ries to saturate the publi . wi th vac-
uously banal publi c- interest stories. 
Of course that logic cou ld ki II this 
entire articlc, hut let's forget that 
for now. 

Media spectacles are all right 
for about a week, hut th ,II'S all. EI 

iiio is even wor~c because it isn't 
even a media event. JUSt a weather 

Tuesday, January 20, 1998 

pattern. 
It can be argued that reporting 

an event like EI Nino is important 
because dangerous weather can 
affect people in life-threatening 
ways. If that is the case, then why 
does the media insist on reponing 
EI Nino like it 's a movie preview? 

People losing Ihei I' homes or 
lives in lloods should not be bal-
looned into a media spectac le. If 
the threat exists, it should be 
reported in a serious, non-tabloid-
like manner. 

Thanks to the comic-book 
nature of much of the mcdia, when 
disaster docs strike, the only olles 
ahle to properly understand the sit -
uation are those directly affected. 
To everyone else, it wi II be just 
another episode on the ~itcom of 
the loca l news. 

The sight of weather peoplc 
braving the storm in their raincoats 
or stand ing in a foot of runoff 

See STORM, Page 6 

Tuesday, January 20, 1998 The UCSD Guardian OPI 10 5 

COMMENTARY: The tele i ion and other "e ential" technological vacuums are slowly eliminating man 's need 
for human contact leaving us in a world in which we are controlled by the machines that entertain us 

TELEVISION Is CONSUMING THE HUMAN SOUL 
By Clinton Rockwell 
Contributing Opinion Writer 

Today, I Illust take issue wi th 
the llickering light th ut is the tele-
visiol1. 

The tcievision has lhe over-
whelming (;apaci ty to du ll our 
minds, creating a comfortab le haze 
of thought. It s viewers li re 
comatose, transfi xed a ' their eyes 
embrace the flickering sedul:ti on of 
the box before them. 

This is a dark picture or the tele-
vision, but we must recognize that 
the whirling pictures of the hox 
have control over our thoughts, 
hopes, dreams and even our value 
structure when wc allow the light 
and it s Illessage to penetrate our 
consciousness. 

Why do we let it control us? 
Why give in to its seduction'! We 
give in because the television 
seems so passive and non-threaten-
ing, but it is we who are passive 
before it. 

The television is mysterious, the 
people behind its pictures are cal-
culating. When we allow the pic-
tures of the television in, we also 
unknowingly allow ideas. con-
cepts, values and information that 
industry and enterprise wish us to 
see to infect our Illinds. We are that 
much easier to control , that much 
easier to program. 

How hard is it to control and 
manipulate a public that al ready 
shares beliefs, va lues and ideals? 

In watching telev ision, we 

hecomc easi ly programmable, and, 
thcrefore easier 10 control. It is the 
problem of the simll/acra. or the 
spectacle. The Silllll/(I(,rllm i an 
ohjcct that takes the place of a real 
objcl:t. The vi rtual thing is not only 
similar to the real thing , il is better. 

The telcvision replaces th.: real 
experience with the "bellcr," virtu-
al ex perience. 

For example. I could go OUt and 
talk 10 my wonderful array of 
friends here at UCSD, but I wou ld 
rather sit pass ively and absorb the 
ex perience through the television 
in the form of "Friends" or "Mad 
About You." These programs are 
aboul interpersonal relations 
bet ween fri ends, simi lar to the ones 
I would he having, but somehow 
their convcrsations and experiences 
are far more interesting than my 
own. 

I watch their experiences, for I 
do not need to make an effort to 
carry on my own conversation or 
go out of my way to find people 
with whom I might converse. Even 
if 1 were to make the effort, it 
would probably not be as interest-
ing as the interactions on "Friends" 
anyway, so what is the use? Here 
the spectacle is evident. 

The simulacrum is duly illus-
trated with the television, but the 
phenomenon has far broader and 
more dangerous implications than 
the television has exhibited. 

The television is the "gateway 
drug" that pulls the addicted view-

We are giving up that 
part of our soul that 
craves and yearns 
for Interpersonal 
contact. We choose 
efficiency over 
touch, anonymity 
over risk. We are 
virtually anonymous 
and therefore devoid 
of personal 
responsibility. 
er into the bowels of deteriorating, 
interpersonal contact, into depen-
dency upon technology for thought 
and direction , and perhaps the loss 
of the vibrant human soul altogeth-
er. 

If the human race embraces the 
si mulacrum, in preferring the fake 
over the real, then we are destined 
to change the essence of humanity. 

I am not saying t hat wi th 
humanity 's embrace of the simu-
lacrum comes an end to hi story and 
humanit y. I am simply sayi ng th m 
if we, as humans, choose the fake 
over the real , interpersonal rela-
tions and Ihe goodness that comes 
through interpersonal contact wi ll 
be compromised. 

As hUlllanily chooses e- mail , 
voice mai I, Internet dates and Web 
si tes over true one-on-one interper-
sonal. physical contact. pan of the 
human soul dies. Humans need 
other humans - not merely the 
digital consc iousness of other 
humans. but their physical beings, 
as well as their mental selves. 

We are giving up that part of our 
soul (for lack of a better term) Ihat 
craves and yearns for interpersonal 
conlact. We choose effi ciency over 
touch, anonymity over risk. We arc 
vil1ually anonymous and therefore 
devoid of personal responsibility. 

We like this because there is 
nothing at risk. The machine that is 
our tool for the virtual interaction 
between conscious entities can be 
turned off at any time - or so it 
would seem. 

We choose Illachines as our 
ambassadors to other people, they 
are our shields, our protectors. 1 am 
no better than you, nor the person 
standing next to you, in the digiti-
zation of humanity. 

I, like you, am a willing, but 
unwitting, member of the move-
ment. I am as much addicted to the 

television and computer as the nex t 
per~on. However. I see the conse-
quences and know the marketing 
devices used to perpetuate the pro-
gramming of advertisi ng used to 
recruit more members to the move-
ment. 

The ga teway drug to this dreary 
digitization prophecy is the televi-
sion, and it seems only filling to 
end with the beginning. 

I went to New York City and sat, 
to my own peril , on a subway train 
from Wall Street to the Upper West 
Side more specifically, 
Columbia University. On my trip. I 
read a se ries of advertisements for 
the ABC television network. 

They read as follows: "You can 
talk to your wife anytime" and 
"Why exercise" There is something 
good on." 

The point is that even the televi-
sion networks know that while one 
is watching television, the televi-
sion consumes the viewer. The 
experience on the screen is the 
experience of the viewer, and the 
scary part is that they can make you 
experience whatever they want. 

I know the cry of every televi -
sion-watching defender in the free 
world, "I can always change the 
channel." Such is true, but the only 
way you regain your own detenni-
nation for individual self-experi-
ence and revitalize the part of your 
soul lost to the si mulacrum i ' if you 
turn it off, rejecting the gateway 

See TELEVISION, Page 6 

Overseas AutD 800B·8 ,"or.mar Ad 15 

* overseas ~~j ~~I'fcs----1'! 
Automotive Repairs M I ram I r R • . 

Serving UCSD FOR 17 YEARS ••• 
••• Excellent references from satisfied customers! 

NISSAN • TOYOTA· ACURA • MAZOA • HYUNDAI • HONDA· MITSUBtSHt • tSUZu • DAlltATSU 

a seminar sponsored by Real Life Campus Ministry 
co-sponsored by ASUCSD r.. M~O-;-y:.;; U~P. ~ ra;;k; JOb -Special ISpecial Rog. m ~~~ 

Friday, January 23rd 
@ 7pm, Center Hall 

"W1zen the Doctor says CANCER" 
Dr. Bob Woodroof, distinguished professor of public relations at 

Pepperdine University, will be speaking on his current battle with 
cancer. His mother and sister were both diagnosed with cancer and, 
in April 1996, he was diagnosed with renal cell carcinoma. He has 
since undergone 2 surgeries, 3 rounds of immunotherapy, and 3 
rounds of radiation. He is currently undergoing chemotherapy at 

UCLA Medical Center and has spoken for the American Cancer Society. 
REFRESHMENTS PROVIDED! 

also ... SATURDAY, JANUARY 24th 
@ Canyon View Church of Christ 
(not affiliated with the San Diego Church of Christ) 

lO:30am CAN I STILL TRUST GOD? 
John W. Smith, top 20 Christian author of 

Huqs for the Hearl & My Mother 's Favorite Sonq. 

11:30am Serving those with Cancer 
and their Families 

Susan Giboney, teacher at Pepperdine, los! her husband to 2nd 
battle with cancer in December 1996. She offers unique and practical 

insights on the cancer battle. 
LUNCH PROVIDED! 

Call Church office @ 273-5140 for more information or directions 

lOur tune up includes a lot more R 555 I Front or rear. Brake job Ir 
th.n otl,ers. It includes; og. I 11. tns lall Iront pads or rear shoes _-I ,. NEW Spar1c plugs . 7. Check brakes 2. Drain old brake ftuid 

• 

2. Check Dlslributor poinrs 8. Check clutch I 13. Inspeel hydraulic system • I 
3. Check DiSlribulor 9. Check lights 4. Refill hydraulic ftuid : " • 

I condens~r to. Check uMercarriage 15. Bleed blake system ' I 4. Adjust timing for damage I 6. Adjust froot (it shoes) and rear shm 
5. Check and replenish t I. Check cooling system I ~Road test .J I all lIuid and oil levels .\ hOses - - - - - - - -L!~t=a~ _ .::=::. _.J FREE TOWING 

f3s.pointMajor SerVice with m,:: r=.~o::a; 
II E~P!.:!~~.d w •. 0., ~iM •• " •• ;'d..... ~. "M I ~ChOainl ge I I. New !p.I1I piIg> 12. Atju~ dwtna"9~ 2I.Lute lroot end . I 
I 2. N .... M I~er 1 J Aqvsl e'''''''eIOl 25.CrI.cldOllclos. nUl. & ~. I & 3. Ne. "" liI.r 14. MiU!! .. ·Io-/ue! "00 nlIt\Jro 26 Crlld iIlh's I 20 . t I I "CrI.~engont"" 15. Check sleen"9 27. Che<kund.fCa,..gtIOlda/Nge I -poln 5. Now 1ueIlih' . 16. Crloc. elutch 28. Check .. d rICh'rqe ban.,., I' - I Sa f e ty C h e c k I 
16. Cllt<k ~OI porlll 17. Adjust elutch 29 RUllne."..- I 7. Cllt<k dlllriblAOI eOMensOl 18 Check brakes 30. Cne<k 1 .. PIllS"" S· I 

a· eonv"tionl.st 19.A"",,..les 31.lub.dooIhngts II peCI8 I 19. VIII. adjUl_l I' .~ . ... " , ~. Aq,\I emergency bralt 32. Cheek a~ holder. 
10. Ne. "~I eOI''' 1',leI 21. Check & ,.p~nlln all ftu"" IeV~S 33. Check coolr<) sysllm & hoses I I 

I 1 ........... 1 22. CrlecI! ar.d "'ius! • ..,..ed bels 3-1. Cheek uh",llYS1.m I II. A~u'l timing 21 Clle<k e1eClrcli /uses 35. Road Itll • I U 
I Not.: Em. 'or '<ylinde" 8-cylinder, Ind p'-tlnum ptug.. .J .. 

~------------- $79* ~o:I:ClutchJ: mm rThnln; hit 1 I . Newp,e»u,eplale 4. New PIIoI :::::-1 1 Special 
2. New CIu1ch D'sk 5. Change I,ansmission oil L.:; 13. New Throwout bearing 6.Aoad test 1 - - - - -
Note: Hydr .... c po ... ItO not COYtred. Ho. ro,4WD. Fro'" We do extended warranty L:-_011... .J 

- - - - - - - - 15, 30, 45, 60, 75, & 90K sen/ice 
-Most cars. W"h thiS ad E,p"" 213197 
Br.nd new p.rt • . Ask 
.bout our apecl.ls on 
engtne • . All our work h.s 
• 2-ye.r or 20,OOG-mUe 
limited w.rr.nty. All price. 
Inc tude Plrt. Ind t.bor. 
8008-8 Miramar Road. ____ C_81_I_fo_'_8_"_8..&..1._I"_t_m_e_"_t _"_o_w_! --t 

695-1990 Rental car IVllllble. Monday-Friday, 7:30 Im-6 pm. Open Saturday 



6 OPINION The UCSD Guardian Tuesday, January 20, 1998 

STORM: 
Storm watch is pure 
media hype 

I vote that a name 
change of EI Nliio to 
EI Diablo be 
Instituted. People 
would have good 
cause to be wary -
It could even give 
children nightmares. 

less rea listic, which makes it less 
possible to understand disaster on a 
human level. 

II is important to understand EI 
Nino and to be careful when faced 
with the threat of heavy ra in . It is 
not necessary to turn a serie of 
'I.Orms into a media ,pectacie, or to 
hype it beyond its own meaning. EI 
Nino is not a joke. II is not even 
remotely amu,i ng. It is actua lly 
very boring. Thus, il should not be 

d •• M 4 iJQH#ii'il'4-
/t~~ Costa Verde Shopping Mall 

Continued from page 4 
would only be truly newswonhy if 
they managed to get electroc llted 
hy their microphones. 

When you couple Ihc,e hero i c~ 
with old footage of h()U~e~ bei ng 
homharded wi lh wave" EI ino 
lakes on the charac t eri ~ ti cs of a 
media construction. It ~ee ll1, larger 
than life, as If il will m:ver aClua lly 
affect a rea I pcrson. In 0 1 her word" 
no one lake, il ,eriously. 

The media b crealing unnece,-
,ary anx ielY aboul EI iiio, ull i-
mately producing nothing hUI cy ni-
cism. Thi, cy n ici~1l1 re, ult ~ in pop-

TELEVISION: 

ular disinterest about a potentially 
dangerou> topic. It is like playing 
"M MMBop" over and over unt il 
you want to sma(;k every short 
blond kid you ,e\.!. 

The more that people h\.!ar about 
EI ino, the Ie" interest they ~ how 
in it. If more piclUres of destruction 
arc , hown on televis ion, they seem 

y on television all the timc. 
II 's simple, pcople. The next 

time you see a weather person hav-
ing a conniption over EI ina. get a 
handgun and shoot your telev i, ion 
Elvis style. If it is good for the 
King, it is good for you. II may 
,eem extreme, but it will be beller 
in the end. Trust me. 

'rt!Jr--u (Acros from UTC) 
457-9500 

copies. color copies. binding. oversized • 
computer rentals. graphic design 

!"ipt'ing bt'e~k fevet' 
1 ~ . Technology now 

controls our thoughts 
Continued from page 5 
drug. 

The point Is that even 
the television 
networks know that 
while one is watching 
television, the 
television consumes 
the viewer. 

has replaced the ancient fires that 
once brought humanity together. 
The modem fl ame drives us apart, 
and, in the process, kills part of the 
human soul. 

Fami lies once gathered around 
the nre and viewed the flames 
swi rl. Thi s occurred long ago; 
however, the simulacra takes 
hold . Shall we be programmed 
today·! Probably, and by our own 
hand, we give away our freedom 
of thought. 

~ ~ J~il1 us at 
, \ the Itavel Fair (111 f1ampus in ~ 

To Iruly rec laim what we have 
10M in Ihe digilization of humanilY, 
we must honor the si mple - hold-
ing ,",creo the va lue of the immedi-
ate, the now. 

• the Prif!e Cel1ter at UCSD ~ 
FebrullJ 25, 11 ___ 1 

As American families gathcr 

around Ihe burning li ght of the lele-
vision and watch Ihe pi xe ls dance, 
we can dedm;e that the telcvision 

ATTENTIO N ALL OPINION WRITERS! 
, .. , .. , _ n_. II eI aulMll , .... \. ... .. 'III' 111(1'" _""no. c ......... , .lII .»Itt ... It ~ foOVt ...... n. .. I . , ,.. " ,. "rootl' 

I u./I. ""' ...... """I" .. _ 1. .. 1'_"' . ............. F'''' o,Of ''''JI(' .. r.~ t.; ooo, .ot\ ... ",, · _ .. tII 
.. ,-~ .. "'.,..,-. \' 

'0 YOU ARE CORDIALLY INVITED TO A SECOND orl ION WRITERS' MEETING. 0 
WHO. ANYONL INTLR[~ rED IN WRI riNG lOR CUARDtAN OPINION 

Wl lAf A IIRAIN.'> I"ORMtNG L~~tON TO AS~IGN ARTtClES FOR FEBRUARY AND MARCH 
WHERE: TI tl t: LL ANTI.Y DL HA l LD CUARDIAN II-ICL. ~ t:CON[) rlOOR. OLD STU[)I:NT CENTER 

W~I[N : WWN[S[)AY. JANUARY _I. AT :30 I~M . ~ 
I LA ANI) (,I<.t 1\ \1'1. I ~ WILL B[ '>lRVED I nr RLAII Y " Nil II Y(JUSRIN<. nil" IUIII<..' lLfI 

RS VP ro ML<'A lit( IL ~WCA liT r)J' I ·Gr.82I1U\n,llll~NC ONLY 11"\ II HAVtIlNYtlll t \TI,)N" 

_Travel J ou: C ... iI .. I"tral'''''' u.c.,ituI bc,-.. rt ~ ,I 
9500 Gilman Drive 
UCSD Price Center Ste_ 76 

__ LIIIoO~.oiIIIJO_llaCL.._~:'-' _ ~19) ~~-~630 

VVANT A VACATION? lNlNTER BREAK TOO SHaRI? 
TilE P RIC E C E N T B R GAM· B ROO I P R R 8 B N T 8 

! 

in 
association 

vvith 

AC 
UI 

z 

WINNERS RECEIVE CASH PRIZES and 
PRICE CENTER THEATRE MOVIE PASSES 

& 
An opportunity for qualified students 

to represent UCSD at the 
1 998 Cal State Fullerton 9-Ball Tournament! 

Call 534-5390 or inquire at the 
PC Gameroom front desk! 

WINTER QUARTER 
·98 EVENTS 

FRIDAY 
FEBRUARY 13th 

B-Ball Tournament 

• 
FRIDAY 

FEBRUARY 27th 
Doubles Tournament 

(B-Ball, 
• 

LADIES NIGHT 
TBA 

Tuesday, January 20, 199 

OUTREACH: 
Karl Pister will serve 
a coordinator 
Continued from page 1 
Force. This 32-melllber pane l. 
which con,isled of regent s. faculty, 
sta ll. >Iuden ts and olher stat t: lead-
ers. was creal.:d hy the rcgenls ··to 
he lp e,tahlish new paths III ensur-
ing educational opportunilY in 
Califurn ia and conlinued ilcces, to 
UC for qualified studenls." 

The tas k force sugge~ted in it s 
report thm the UC system needs to 
expand academit:-oulreach services 
to K-12 schools hy creating part-
nerships with the schools. 

The lask force also recolllmend-
ed that the UC expand research into 
di scovering the causes behind "dis-
parities in educational motivation 
and achievement , and how these 
disparities can be addressed. " 

Pister will have the task of rais-
i ng the funds needed to accomplish 
these goals. 

This job has been made easier 
by Atkinson 's commitment to add 
$2 million of university funds to 
outreach programs. This amount , 
along with the $5 million ear-
marked for outreach in Gov. Pete 
Wi Ison 's proposed 1998-1999 bud-
get, wi ll bring UC spending on oul -
reach and recruitment to $67 mil-
lion annually. 

Additionally, Atkinson said he 
hopes to secure federal funding and 
Proposition 91l funds for outreach 
services. Propos ition 98 is a state 
constilutional guarantee to provide 
the K-12 school system with an 
annual minimum level of funding. 

Atkinson also presented exam-
ples of newe r forms of outreach 
that have been put into place at UC 
schools. 

Atkinson di scussed a letter he 
sent in November to 13,000 stu-
dent s from lower-inco me and 
u nderreprese n ted backgrou nds, 
encouragi ng Ihem to apply to the 
UC system. Additionally, UCLA 
and UC Davis represcntati ves gave 
prescntations on their new ly dcvel-
oped outreach programs that are 
in tended to sustain diversi lY. 

Much like Atkinson 's iniliative, 
both UC LA and UC Davis's out-
reach plans inc luded partnerships 
hetween Iheir schools and the ele-
mentary and high schools near 
Ihem. Along with hi s presentation, 
UCLA Chancellor Albert Camesale 
issued a warning to the regents 
ahout their outreach plans. 

"There is no simple, quiek or 
cheap solution to the problem of 
educalional inequity in California 
schools," Carnesale sa id . .. ... We 
must make a considerable invest-
ment of human and material 
resources and pursue our outreach 
effort s aggressive ly and imagina-
tively." 

UC Davi s Chancellor Larry 
Vanderhoef ec hoed Carnesale 's 
sentiment. 

"'The challenge of educational 
equity is so immense - and so lu-
ti ons so crucial to the future of thi s 
state - that we can' t be into and 
out of thi s business of K- 12 out-
reach as the enthusiasm of chancel-
lors and regents and governor, and 
legislalors waxes and wanes," 
Vanderhoef said. "To even hope to 
apply more than a Band-Aid, to 
truly bring about systemic reform, 
we must make a sustained commit-
ment of our attenti on and 
resources. " 

The UCSD GU:lrdian EWS 7 

Brown Eyes to Blue, Green, Hazel 

F RE E* ~e;~R",,~e!!~'~"~'~M~!~~!S W) fresh Look Color Lenses. pi to 6.00. 
DAILY WEAR EXTENDED WEAR DISPOSABLE LENSES 

$89** $99** $129** 
COMPLETE 2 PAIRS B&L FW COMPLETE 

.. ALL .pedal. include Ion ... , exam, eyotar. kil and lollow up visil. A'ligmalic I.n ... high.r. 
Nal valid wilh any alher ofl.r. Off", upir •• 2/15/98. 

ROBERT HELLER, 0.0. • STEVEN TAYMAN, 0.0. 
COSTA VERDE CENTER FASHION VALLEY CENTER 

8650 GINESH AVI. Sri. 220 NEAl SAKS FIfTH AVINUI (619)452·7374 (619)295-0537 

st Chance 
to Prepare for the 
April CAT! 

Classes Begin 
Jan 27 Be Feb 7 

Call today to enroll in the #1 MeAT prep course. 

KAPLAN 
1-800-IAP-TEST 

www.kaplan.com 
.. 

. f! 

~ 



8 

Thursday, 
• Manuel Barrueco and Steve Morse- guitarists from different backgrounds 
who team to make everything from classical to rock music- will perform at 8 
p.m. in Mandeville Auditorium. 

Saturday, January 24 
• An},ni', K,th,k Dance of Indi/f- bringing to life a 4,Ooo-year-old classical 
Indian dance- will perform at 8 p.m. In Mandeville Auditorium. 

Ongoing 
• Vis Alchemical; New Directions In Contemporary Glass Sculpture will 
be on view Jan. to through March 21 in the University Art Gallery. The arhsts 
will lecture on their work at 6:00 p.m. Jan. lOin Mandeville Recitat Hall. A 
reception will for the artists wiliiollow from 7 to 9 p.m. in the gallery. 
• Artists, poets, writers of ' fiction"! The deadline for submissions to the War-
ren College Literary Arts Journal is February t 7. Call 534-3068 for details 
or drop by Warren Writing (UC 410). Sorry, Warren students only. 

• Women's Health Seminar- UCSO's Women's Health Pr~rams is pre-
senting a special seminar entitled 'Osteoporosis Update: 1998. The seminar 
will begin at 6 p.m. in the conference room 01 the Center lor Molecular Genet-
ics, UCSD School of Medicine which Will be preceded by refreshments at 
5:30p.m. 

Ongoing 
• Women: have you had an abnormal pap smear (cervical dysplasia) recently? 
Be a part of cutting edge UCSO research using nutrition and lilestyle to treat 
this condition. Call the CAPRE coordinator for more info at 822- t 127. 
• Individual Fitness Assessment- al RIMAC every Mon & Wed, noon-l pm 
and 5-8pm. No appOintment needed-walk in to the Wellness Room, 2nd floor. 
A FREE student service provided by Student Health Advocatesl Call 534-
2419 for more Info! 
• Free Archery!! Come join the UCSO ArcheryTeam- we provide Instruction 
every Sat. from 11 am to 1 pm. behind Thorton Hospital. No experience or 
equipment necessary. For more info e-mail archery@ucsd.edu 
• Get certified! CP8 & First Aid training at Student Health by Red Cross 
Instructors. $10 each class + $10 for reference book- or all 3 for 525! Sign up 
at SHS Health Ed 2nd Ftoor! 
• Get Published! Health Beal ls a Student publication focusing in health is-
sues. Articles now being accepted- contact by email: avaisman @ucsd.edu 
• Free Nutrition Coun .. llng @ Student HeaHh. Includes computerized as-
sessment! By appointment only! Call 534-8089. 
• Student Health Advocates provide Peer Education Programs on Nutrition, 
HIV, F~ness. Stress & other topics at your res hall or student org meetings! 
Call 534-2419 for more info on these free programs!! 
• F,.. anonymous HIV testing at Student Health- walk in to sign up at the 
Heahh Annex, first floor. Questions? Call 534-3874. 
• Student Health is here for you! We're a full service ctinic open to All reg-
istered students. You don't need health insurance to use our services! Ap-
pointments for physician visits and specialty clinics -call 534-8089. Walk in to 
Urgent Care weekdays 8am -4:30pm (Wed 9-4 :3Opm). 
• Emergency Contraception, annual exams, STD tests, pregnancy tests, 
birth control prescriptions, & health education - all at Women's Clinic, Student 
HeaHh. Call 534-8089 for appt. Completely Confidential-always! 
• Don't go in the ocean!!! At least. not until you've had your Hepatitis A 
shots! If you surf or swim in the ocean, consider immunizations to protect 
your health. Two shots- 6 months apart- $50 each. Walk in to Student HeaHh 
M-F 8-1 tam;Wed 9-11am. 
o Free Cholesterol testing at Student Health! Sign up at the first floor bulletin 
board for your appointment. 
• low Cost Phlnnacy- Over the counter items (cold medicines, antacids, 

The UCSD Guardian 

I 
contact lens products, etc.) 
Wed 9am-4:30pm. 
• Campus Black Forum; Campus Black Forum is an informal gathering where 
we invite open discussion and exchange Ideas, gripes, accomplishments, 
questions and concerns on any topic relevant to the lives and experiences of 
p'30ple of African Descent. It is a place for us to connect with other students, 
staff and faculty at UCSD in a casual, supportive, community atmosphere. 
Led by Linda Young 534-3987, and Michelle Boutte' Burke, 534-5905. Call for 
Information. FridlYs, 4;15-6 p.m., Cross Cultural Center, 510 UCntr. (Near 
Office of Grad. Studies and Visual Art Buildings) 
• Alcohol & Substance Abuse Support Group: If you ask yourself if you 
have a problem, or if you know you do, learn ways to get back in control of 
your life. Fridays, 2;00 to 4;00 p.m., Half Dome Lounge, Muir College. led 
by Dan Munoz, 534-025t, and Tana Paget, 534-t725. 

• Phi Alpha Delta Pre-law Co-ed Fraternity hosts a Round Table Pizza 
Night. Come meet other Pre-Law students at 7 pm. 

Thursday, January 22 
• First meehng ever for the Hellenic-American Students' Organization at 
UCSD. If you're Greek (not as in fraternity) or non-Greek come and chat with 
other Greeklings. learn something new about Greek culture. The meeing is 
at 7 p.m. at the Price Center Gallery B. 
• Nikkel Student Un ion (NSU) Sushilest: NO HARD RICE! Better than last 
quarter with fresh flce. International Center all day. 

Friday, January 23 
• Chinese New Year Celebration, all are welcome! @ Price Center Cove 
Room 5-11 p.m. Food, performances. maybe a movie. Dinner=$6, event is 
free. 

Ongoing 
• Lesbian Gay BisexualTransgendered Association meets every Monday 
@7pm in the Graduate Student Association (next to A.S. lecture Notes). Or, 
stop by and say hi when our office door is open (above Soft Reserves) . Come 
out and meet great people! All are welcome! 
• Phi Alpha Delta Pre-Law Co-ed Fraternity meets to hear speakers from 
the legal profession, socialize, facilitate legal Internships as well as the law 
School application process. Call Alison at 457 -2365. 
• AASU general body meetings @ Cross Cuttural Center every Monday @ 
6p.m. For more information stop by AASU office (behind Pulse @ Price Cen-
ter) 

• Converts to Islam will talk about their experiences with the Nation of Islam. 
They will also discuss the history of the nation and its differences with Islam. 
Price Center Davis/Riverside Room at 7p.m. 

Thuraday, January 22 
• Campus Crusade For Christ PRIMETlME! Hear a guest speaker on what 
God has to say about relationships and bring yours to the next level. It's at 
8:30 pm Solis. 

Friday, January 23 
• Shabbat Services and Free Dinner In International Center at 6pm. Ortho-
dox, Conservative. Relorm Style services available. All are welcome! Spon-
sored by UJS. -

Ongoing 
• The Muslim Student Association holds Friday prayers every week in Cam-
pus Gallery A in the Price Center from 1-2 p.m. Everyone is welcome. For 
more info, conlact Ahmad @ 538-1392. 
• InterVarsity Christian Fellowship- Come develop your realationship With 
God at our weekly meetings on Thursdays. Revelle and Muir meet at GH 

Tuesday, January 20, 1998 

• On Camera Practice Interviewing For Employment. Get immediate, pro-
fessional feedback from your video taped interview. 1 a.m. at Career Services. 
• Alternative Dispute Resolution; Mediation vs. litigation. This workshop 
provides Student Leaders the Techniques to resolve conflict and promotes 
resolution with the expense of litigation. PC Gallery A from 3-4:30p.m .. For 
more info call 534-050 1. 
• "Careers for the 21st Century: What they don't teach you in College" with 
Aurora Zepeda, VP for Homes for the Homeless and the Institute for Children 
and Poverty in NY. Chancellors Complex, 11 t A at 7p.m. 

Wednesday, January 21 
• Law School: Preparation & Application. Come and learn all you need to 
know about applying to law School. At Career Services at 2:30. 
• Interested in working overseas? Come to an International Careers panel 
at 6pm in Ihe International Center. All are welcome. 

Thu rsday, January 22 
• 7th Annual Multicultural Job Fair Hundreds of jobs offered to all majors. 
Come and meet a diverse group of employers on Library Walk. If it rains we'll 
be in the Price Center Ballroom. 10:30 a.m.-2 p.m. 

Ongoing 
• Graduate Women in Science, Math, Engineering, SOM and SIO; led by 
Reina Juarez, 534-3875. Thursdays, 1:00 to 3:00p.m., HSS 2101. Call Reina 
for a pre-group appointment. 
• What's Love Got To Do With It? This coed discussion/support group for 
both graduate and undergraduates students, focuses on issues related to 
beginning and maintaining romantic relationships. Led by linda Young. Meets 
Mondays, 4:00 to 5:30p.m., 1003 Galbraith Hall. Starts January 12, t998. Stu-
dents should call linda, 534-3987, for information and to sign up for the group. 
o Asian-American Community Forum; This informal drop-in group is designed 
to address the concerns of Asian/Pacific Islander students at UCSD in a sup-
portive and problem-solving atmosphere. Issues such as career and academic 
success,lamily pressures. cultural identity. and relationships are possible top-
ics. Feel free to bring your lunch! led by Jeanne Manese, 534-3035, John Wu . 
534-1579. Meets Fridays, 12:00 to 1:30p.m., Cross Cultural Center, 510 UC 
(near Office of Grad. Studies and Vis. Arts Bldg.) 
• Latino/Chicano Support Group: Family, parents, economics, friends, rela-
tionships, culture - all the above are themes that are explored toward the goal 
of graduation from UCSD. Wednesdays , 2:30 10 4:30p.m., Half Dome lounge, 
Muir College. led by Reina Juarez, 534-3875 and Dan Munoz. 534-025 t. 

Thursday, January 22 
• The Center for the Study of Race and Ethnicity and The Ethnic SlIldies De-
eartment present Jessica Hagedon, UC Regent's Lecturer, Author of 
'Oogeater." in the Cross Cultural Center at 12 p.m. 

Events & Recreation 
y, ry 

• Men's basketball vs. Christian Heritage, RIMAC at 7p.m. 
Saturday, January 24 

• Whale WatChing , 11;30am-1 ;30 p,m. Sponsored by UCSD International 
ClUb. Sign up now at the International Center 1550 or call 457-2184. Everyone 
welcome, only StO/person. 
• The Birch Aquarium at Scripps Institution of Oceanography invites pre-
school aged children to learn about whales during a special class from 9:30 
a.m. -11 a.m. Fee for this activity is $13. Advanced registration is required. For 
more information, please call 534-7336. 

TXT.eek oif' Tanuar'I\' 20 to 23 ( :"II'1U{llI- .';IIUIIII' _'IOII .' "}(IlIld b.-;I/ tb.- (,'u::_rdil111 (}Jfic~ (lIp.'tni~-.< ill StunclIt 
YY f J 1 • .1' ( Cllt,.,. A; mntl con,- tJ31 (I) by 3 pm 1111 tb.- lIltl1-snay p,-zm- to t/Je,r 1'1111 nntc_ 

As the world leader in 110 connectivity 
and network product development, we are 

defining the bleeding edge in evolving technologies 
- Fibre Channel • Rre WIre. MultiChannel RAID -

making it possible to move data at light speed. 

If break-neck is just your speed, 
make the move to Adaptec, 

Stop by the job placement office for details 
or submit your resume to: 

Adaptec, Inc., 691 South Milpitas Blvd., 
Milpitas, CA 95035. FAX: (408) 262-2533. 

WIN AN ADAPTEC 2940 
ULTRA WIDE SCSI HOST ADAPTER 

Come to the Career Fair 
Thursday, January 22, 1998 

to find out how! 

Adaptec is an Equal Opportunity EmpkJyer 
who encourages and promotes 

diversity in the workplace. 

@adaptec 
We _ the IntDmNltlon thllt 

_ wour wortd~· 

• Discount Travel Packs 
• Travel Books, Maps 
• All your Eurail Supplies! 
• Locks, Cable Locks, 

Sleep Sh"~ Pack Towel, 
Teva Sport Sandals 
Rain Gea,and 
an Ace_sorl .. , 

WI'" In PH Just up!he 
at,..t from Council Travel 

.t 1655 Gamel Ava 
483 ·1421 

OPEN 7 DAYS A WEEK 

Guard;an J 998 

VALtttTlttE 
'SSUE 

Thurs. feb. '2 

Tuesday, January 20, 1998 The UCSD Guardian FEATURES 9 

GUARDIAN FEATURES 
Story by 

Travis Hill, enior Staff Writer 
Graphic by 

Brendan Cahill 

The Super Bowl is here and it's time to lace up 
our partying shoes as ·San Diego prepares for a 

raucous week of pregame festivities 
n the immortal words of ESPN 's Dan 
Patrick: " You can' t stop it. you can only 
hope to conl ain it. " Supcr Bow l XXX II is 
ofric ially in SoD. For a guy like me, who 
knows almost every worthl ess Super Bowl 
stat ever recorded, and even for the lesser 
fans who don't understand why there are so 
many damn i nnings in a rootball game, 

evcryone is feeling the effects of thi ~ mass ive 
event - it' s Super Bowl mani a, and we need to 
take advanlage of it. 

Hc ll , channel four on your lelevision dia l has 
devoted 24-hour coverage to the even'ts happen-
ing in and around the c ity - that i~ a pretty 

impre~sive tcs tament to how big th is thing really 
is. 

The scary thing is , the garne itself is just a 
~idc~how_ It 's amazing but truc_ Granted , Ihe 
Green Bay Packers , the Denver Broncos and all 
or their fan~ wi ll arguc with me on that point , but 
honeslly, the game i Ju~t an excuse for milli ons 
around the country to party. And the host city is 
party-ce ntral , which i~ why people who hate foot-
ball can Mill have a greal lime during thl ~ Super 

Week. 
_____ ).......... Thi~ Super Bowl thing b ~o big, it 

creates a kind of weird, unexplainable frenzy. 
Every hOlel in town is booked full. People are 
wi lIing 10 pay homeowners thousands of dollars 
to stay in their house over the weekend, just to be 
here. 

Tickets for the game are so ld OUl, but they arc 
being scalped at unfathomable rates . Now is Ihe 
time when some wacky Bronco fan will se ll his 
kidney because he wants to be in Jack Murphy 
Stadium for the big game (Screw you. Qualcomm 
- the Murph wi II never die). 

The bars wi ll be goi ng off all week , and as the 
game gets doser, things wi ll get crazier_ 

A little personal side n te: How crappy is it 
f r me that all these bars will be raging all week , 
and I can ' t go because I'm Ihree freaking weeks 
away from being 21 '! Only I would be so lucky_ 
So close, yet a far away. 

Anyhuw, ~o w hat i~ going on around town you 
ask '! It has been a long, hard three-day weekend 
of study ing for me, but I'll try my best to inform 

-:you . 
Fir~1 and foremoM b the FL Experience . 

This i~ a huge event down by Ih ' stadiu m, com-
plete with concerts, ~hoppi ng , over 60 interactive 

See GAME, Page 11 



10 FEAT RES 

Arena 
Which team do you want 
to win the Super Bowl? 
Interviews by Kacie Jung 
Photography by Andrew Chen 

" I want the Broncos 
because Green Bay pissed 
me off when they beat the 
4gers." 

Keith 'etangco 
Marshall Sophomore 

"The Denver Broncos, 
because John Elway's the 
sentimental favorite and I 
want him to get one Super 
Bowl. I like the Broncos 
since my Bears suck, and 
the Broncos are the under-
dogs ." 

Derek Stainer 
Muir Junior 

"Neither, because I don ' t 
like either on~ of them. I'm 
a Cowboy fan and I' m not 
watching the Super Bowl 
this year." 

Stephanie Serrano 
Revelle Freshman 

"The Green Bay 
Packers, because it 's my 
little brother 's favorite 
team." 

Kelly Demro 
Marshall Sophomore 

" Denver, just because 
the Packers beat the 4gers, 
and I like the 4gers." 

Erik Brandtman 
Roosevelt Freshman 

The UCSD Guardian Tue~day, January 20, 1998 

Psycho Therapy 
How am I Supposed to Compete 
With Ms. January 1998? 
By Mary Higgins Senior Staff Writer 
"Not A Licensed Therapist" 

When fin al exams ended las t 
quarter, my friends - many of 
them seniors - vanished from 
Sa n Di ego, leav ing onl y their 
chea t sheets and #2 penci ls 
behind. They trave led, skied and 
partied their way in to the New 
Year, enjoyi ng the last three-week 
winter break they will have until 
they qualify for Medicare. 

As for me, r spent my entire 
winter holiday loungi ng around 
the house in my pajamas. Too lazy 
to call my friends, I devoted the 
whole break to reading trashy 
romance novels. You know the 
type - usually a Fabio-like char-
acter is half-naked and posi ng on 
the front cover with some woman 
swooning and falling out of her 
dress. 

Forget WUlh erillg Heighls . A 
trashy romance novel is the kind 
of book that you can borrow from 
a friend and read only the dog-
eared pages, a.k.a. "the good 
parts." 

A passage from this genre of 
literature wi ll typica ll y go some-
thing like thi s: 

"As Roarke pre sed hi s manly 
li ps against hers, Joanne felt the 
world spinning out of control. She 
gasped in pleasure at hi s viri lity, 
and as he slow ly began to devour 
her wi th insat iable hunge r, she 
thought she mi ght faint. He 
caught her 10 him and she went 
weak into hi s muscular arms." 

Never mind abo ut the plot; 
you' re supposed to skip thill part. 

I cruised through a IOtal of 
about 500 pages of thi s stuff and I 
came to an important rea li zati on 
- trashy romance novels bea r 
ahso lutely no rese mblance to rea l 
life. This is probably shocking to 
you. 

Th~se smut fes ts fall under a 
ca tegory I call " fantasy entertain-
ment." The rea lm includes - but 
is not lim ited 10 - soap operas, 
fa shi on or porn magazines. and 

"As Roarke pressed 
his manly lips 
against hers, Joanne 
felt the world spin-
ning out of control. 
She gasped In plea-
sure at his virility, 
and as he slowly 
began to devour her 
with his Insatiable 
passionate hunger; 
she thought she 
would faint. He 
caught her to him 
and she went weak 
In his muscular 
arms." 

action film s. 
Many people claim that the 

escapism we get from these ideal-
isti c images is harm less, fantasy 
entertainment. However, it is also 
these same images that are subject 
to crit ic ism from just about every 
direction. For example, conserva-
ti ve critics allack R-rated movies 
and the like for eating away at the 
moral fahr il: of soc iety, while 
mental-health activi sts assert th at 
fas hion magaz ines instill low self-
images in young females. 

While I have yet to be offered 
definiti ve proof as to whether or 
not repeated exposure to Cindy 
Crawford causes bulimic tenden-
cies, I cannot deny that fan tasy 
media has a powerfu l influence on 
many of us. 

Latel y, I've wo ndered if per-
haps read ing novels such as Bold 
& Brealhless Nights or watching 
the "SPOf{S IIllIsTraled Swimsuit 
Video" raise~ our expec tations of 
uu rselves and of others just a tad 
too hi gh. 

Bow do they impact yo~ life? 

Common sense may tell us that 
six-hour long sex marathons and 
fat -free thighs don ' t normall y 
occur in nat ure, but does that SlOp 
us from fee ling fru strated and dis-
appoin ted by reality? 

As for the action flicks , I' ve 
seen so many of them that I was 
convinced I could karate chop any 
thug who got in my way. 
However, the firsltime r ever saw 
someone trespassing on my prop-
erty, I hid in my hallway and 
ca ll ed 91/ . That's me, Mary "Bad 
Ass" Higgins. 

Here is an interesting story for 
you. Last month, I dragged my 
aunt and uncle along with me to 
see "Scream 2." Midway through 
the movie my uncle turns to me, 
looking bewi ldered. 

"Where are all the ugly peo-
ple?" he asked. 

The man has got a point. 
Once in a while, it's ni ce to 

escape into a world where every-
one is beautiful , the men are sen-
sitive and the women never have 

headache~. 
Yet, as I continue to peruse the 

wor ld of fantasy entertainment , I 
realize why I hate "Beverl y Hills, 
902 10." These people just Jon ' t 
have normal problems. For exam -
ple, how many of yo ur fe llow 
UCS D students arc 
ga mbling/drug/sex addicts whu 
run nightclubs by night while 
writing Pulitze r Prize-w inning 
stori es for the co llege newspaper 
during the clay? Ot her than mc, I 
mean. 

For once it would be nice if 
Donna, Bra nd on and Ke ll y wou lll 
j ust Ilunk their classes, dute some-
one who isn' t a mu lti -billionaire 
European mode l, or even just get 
a zit. Then maybe the rest of us 
cou ld relate. 

Let 's vote on it - why don't 
y'a ll write in and tcllme what you 
think? Do you spend all your time 

See MARY, Page 11 

How do they address your questions of ... 
faith, love, chararcter, friendship, sorrow? 

. 

Join" Real Life" 
Campus Ministry 

ach Wednesday for an open 
dis ussion of the REAL LIFE ISSUES 

in the movies we watch today. 

COME Be JOIN US ... WEDNESDAYS @ 7PM 
PRICE CENTER, GALLERY B 

Watch the Guardian's Weekly Calendar for 
locations & movies to be discussed* 
sponsored by Real Life Campus Ministry. 

KNOW CBRIST. TO MAKE CHRIST KNOWN. 

Tuesday, January 20, 1998 

The 
Editor's 
Soapbox 
Ilona Fass 
Co-Hiatus Editor 
An Uncommon 
Sense of Decency 

We arc li ving in an age in which 
a bubbly personalit y. a good ,et of 
teeth and a hody li ke ei ther Adonis 
or Madonna - depending on the 
ge nder one decides to be - arc the 
pre-requisi tes to being a good per-
son. Gum! arc the days when a 
strong charac t L~ r was nurtured and 
developed. Lost are the va lues, 
morals and ethi cs that character-
ized past decades. 

True, we have broken rrom the 
righI-wing noti ons that condemned 
women to a pri son suffused with 
the stench of mushroom 
cassero les; a prison in which the 
fe male inlllates were shack led to 
the CUlling board, obsessed hy the 
ever-elu sive perfect chocolate chip 
cookie : straining to remove eac h 
and every oil tmcil l lump. 

Howe ver, thi s ilge or liberati on 
does not hilve to he Ihe gateway 
toward se lfi sh indiv iduality and 
pretentious rhetoric. What can I 
ha ve, do, hecome and accumulate'! 
Give me thi s and give me that - I 
WA T IT ALL! ow! 

But what are we ru nning 
toward? Our arms arc Ilailing and 
our hea rts ri sc up in our mouths 
until we choke with fru stration in 
search of elusive happ iness. 

We arc living in an age in which 
bigger is beller; muffins arc the 
size of bowli ng balls and an entire 
cow on a plate is cal led dinner. 

Are we all one pancake short of 
a stack or is th is the rubric hy 
which we measure our successful 
ventures'! 

The.! English, for example, 
admire Sherl ock Holmes. Now thi s 
is an in tellige nt man who ho ld ~ hi~ 
passions in che.!ck: Holmes is the 
epitome of stoicism and class. The 
magn ifying glass anll cncyciopellia 
arc hi s onl y weapons against injw,-
ti ce. 

Wc. on the other hanll , have 
WOJ11e.!n who run around in their 
underwear wi th stars tapell to their 
heads (Wonderwol11 an), ancl car-
lOon charac tcrs mad\.: to look like 
Rodent s (Mighty Mous..:) . He-
Man , Mr. T and The Incredible 
Hulk ar~ the icons of our YO llthful 
fantasies. 

Cont..:mporary yo uth are faring 
no beller, as the onl y hope in sight 
is big, purple and goes by the name 
of Barney. Big purple Barneys line 
the horiwns of the future. 

We are li ving in a world in 
which soh stories about complete 
strangers clog up the ears of soc i-
ety whi le we ignore.! the si mple acts 
of humanity that we can perform 
on a dai ly h .. ~ i s. Issues ~ u c h a~ 
who Clinton did or did not bang 
qualify as front -page material. I 
rcmclllher when " .1 ." JUM meant 
juice. 

COll1plil1lent ~ arc good . Liking 
the color of ~()me()n .:\ drt:ss is 
good; appreciating the way a lock 
of hair ralb aC flJ~S the chcck i ~ 
nice - hut ~earchlllg lor ~ol1leone 
to admire, to , tri vc to cmu late.!, is a 
luxury that should not he forgo llen. 
Decency ,ti ll qualifie~ as a valu-
able comm dity. 

GAME: 
Go Chargers! 
Oh, Just Kidding 
Continued frOlR page 9 
footba ll ga mes, all sort s of trad-
ing cards and autograph sessions 
with so me of the IFL's biggest 
stars: Marcus Allen. Mike 
Alstoll , Jerome Bettis , Drew 
Bledsoe , Payton and An.: hi e 
Manning, Kordell Stewart and 
Derri ck Thomas. 

Thc expe rience.! also i'cat ures 
g reattun e~, with concerts by Big 
Bad Voodoo Daddy, Buck-O-
Ni ne. Alana Davis and Si ·tcr 
Hazel. Basically, this place i~ 
going uff. It is pri cey, though , 
wi th ti cke t prices starting at $ 14 
(except for the tough guys on the 
Sport' staff, who get in free , j ust 
for bei ng pimps). Evidently, it's 
worth it, however, becau se I .. st 
weekend, I he ex peri ence allract-
ed 65 ,000 visi tors. 

The Gaslamp area of down-
tow n wi ll also be going off, fea -
turing all sorts of exc iting 
events, wi th great bar~ for morn 
and lIad, magicians, jugglers and 
animal ex hibits ror the whining 
kids. There will be free conccm 
und probably famuus peop le tu 
meet. 

Fur UCSD students, the game 
is real ly hilling home because 
the heav il y favored Green Bay 
Packers are practi cing on our 
amazing track-and-fi eld faci li -
ties . 

They are stay ing at the 
Sheraton Torrey Pines hotel j ust 
down the ruad. The Broncos wi ll 
be in La Jul ia, as John Elway 
and company wi ll ca ll the Hya ll 
home for the nexi week. 

At press time, the geniuses at 
the NFL front offi ces won't let 
us in to the Packers ' practi ces. 
We' ll get in there , though, you 
just wa tch. If I have to turn into 
Coach Bond, scale somc walls, 
snipe so me evi l guards and take 
pictures with the mini -(alllera 
we ri gged into my "g l a~ses , " I' ll 
get the slO ry - that 's right, wt: 
here at the Cuardian will ri sk 
our li vc~ just 'iO you ca n see 
what 's going on. 

I gu e~s now wo uld he.! the 
time to kt you know that the 
Super Bowl is no t just ror ha v-
ing a great tillie. There arc pit -
fal ls in th is event , and it 's not all 
drinking and free ~cx . You have 

MARY: 
Profi t found in 
exploiting "smut" 
Continued frOlR page 10 
trying 10 measure up to impossi -
bly hi gh standards set by media 
images? Or would you ralher he 
watching a movie like "Clerk s" 
in which the main characters are 
whir.y pathetic and rea li stic'! 

Pl ea~e let me know, because 
it affec ts my career choice -
~o llled ay, I hope lU be a trashy 
romance novelist. 

ou ld there be an ea~ier job? 
I'll stea I ~omeone else's book 
and change all the namc~ from 
"Svcn arid Tess" to "Rodrigo 
and Alexandria." 0 one wi II 
ever notice. I won ' t even bother 
to change the title . 

The last tillle I wa~ ul the 
bookMore, I saw three hooh that 
were titled, Tire Warrior 's 
Womllll, Tire Native s Bride and 
Tir Savage s Lady. 

The UCSD Guardian 

got to be carefu l of the lunatic 
fans that will be fl yi ng into town 
by the thousands. ThaI 's ri ght , 
/'m talki ng about the 

heese heads from Wi sco nsin 
and the B ronco hackers from 
Colorado. 

Do not be surp ri sed if a very 
pale, chubhy per~on with a hloc k 
of cheese on hi s head and an 
annoying at:ce nt asks yo u where 
the beach i~ . Thi~ is a Packer 
fan . They arc not vc.:ry smart , but 
they an: a harmless breed, who 
love their Packers and IOI'e their 
t: heese. Don't get angry at them 
for being lIimwitted - they 
have probably Ill:vcr lert 

Wi~consin before. kt alone seen 
a body of water larger than a 
hathtuh. 

Also, be wary of the pe.!opk 
running around wi th their chcsts 
painted orange and hlue. and a 
ten-ga llon hat on their big ole' 
head - this is a Bro nco fan , 
a.k.a. a redneck. These peopl' 
are quite frienlll y, but also over-
hearing to the point of wan ting 
to boot them in thei r orange-
and- blue wig . 

Finall y, my la~t 
uhs.:rva t ion/n:collll11endation of 
thi , mayhem: the Super Bowl 
party. SO lli e peop le wi II bL: in 
sports hal'S for the ga me, but th at 
just i ~n ' t as fun as a good old-
fashi oned barbecue. cum plete 
wi th chips, diPS , kegs and ti ght -
ly clothed maidens. 

Don't forget that these parties 
arc also a grea t way to make 
money because of the time-hon-
ored classic - thc Super Bow l 
"pool. " ThL: re are many ways to 
run the pool, and the technica li -
li es of the way it 's run don' t 
mailer. 

The most important thing is 
to have a pool, so some lucky 
sap who has never watcht:d a 
down or football in hi s/her Ii fe 
ca n win $ 100 (I could have 
bashed chicks right here, but I' m 
feeli ng nice - consider your-
selves lucky ). 

So that's my take on the 
Super Bow l. It is a beautiful 
til1le or year, and I get choked up 
thinking abo ut it. So, all you 
apatheti c UCSD toolbags, now 

i~ your time to get out - take 
advantagc of thl., Super Bowl 
mania. 

By the way. I' ll take the 
Bronco~ in a wild, 28-27 up,et 
- go AFCI 

o incidencc? I think not. 
On Ihe olher hand , if I get 

strongly voi ccd re~ ponse~ by e-
mai l thi s week, I wi ll work hard 
to ensure that my novels can he 
appreciated hy normal people 
li ke yuurse lves. 

Maybe I'll make Illy heroi ne 
a co ll ege drop-out wi th a $6,000 
credi t ca rd debt. Mayhe there 
won' t even be a hero, just some 
random guy she has sex wi th 
(there ha\ to be ,ex, or else it 
wou ldn ' t be a trashy romanct: 
novel, wou ld it?). 

Who knows, maybe r II even 
throw in a few ugly peop le. 

Man' lI iggins is 1101 II 
licellsed p.I,)'C/r olirera(Jisl, bill 
.w/lleday she's goillX 10 make a 
lIIil/ioll dol/ars seiling novels 
Ihal are (/el'lIid II! lilly ill leI/eel. 
1'''1'11 YOII will £II/ he sorry j'O II 
1I.led 10 laugh at /rer ill (' ltemltlh. 
Wrile IIJ Mary al 
IlIhiggin~ Ci!l ul: d.cdu or drop Oil 
by lire uardian, Oil lire secolld 
/loor of lire Old SlIu/elll Cell ler. 

FEATURES II 

Do you feel that being able to communicate 
interculturaJly can help you in the future? 

Join Eleanor Roosevelt College in the 

InTeRcuLTURaL 
CommunIcaTIon 

WORkshop 
Mondays from 4:30·6:30 pm 

Pepper Canyon Lodge starting February 2 
All UCSD Students are welcome 
For more infonnation and/or to register 

($5 registration fee) , please contact: 
Eleanor Roosevelt College Dean's Office at 534-2237 

Registration Deadline: Friday, January 23 .. , 
But don't procrtUtinate - SPACES ARE LIMITED! 

WE'll GM YOU 10 WEEKS. 
Ten weeks may not seem like much time 10 prove you 're capa:H of being 

a leader But" you're tough. sman and determined, ten wee ·s d"C a lor of 
hard V'KJrk could make you an OffIcer of Mannes. And O:{"e' Ca~dldilles 
School (OCS) is where you'll get the chance to prove you've gOi .. , ",,:1 ta es 
/0 lead a life full 0 exCllemen , full of challenge, full of honor 4n., =':: (an sa) 
rhey've gor whalll !a~es ro be d leader. we'll gIve you ten \', fe,s ;; O'ove It 

Marines 
no. r... no. p",.J. Do ,1faOUNO. 

MA R tNI llllt( tit 

Stop by the USMC display table at the 
Multicultural Job Fair, 

January 22nd on Library Walk, 
or call Lt. O'Rourke at (619)294-2174. 



12 CLASSIFIEDS 

EVE N T S 
MUl TlCUl TURAl JOB FAIR. Thurs. , 1/22, 
1 0:3O-2pm on the library Watk (it rain , P. Ctr. 
Ballrm) Hundreds of jobs for UCSD students 
of All MAJORS. Tune up that resumel More 
info: www-csc.ucsd.edu (1/15-20) 
Chicanollatinos for Creative Medicine ~ealth 
Professions Program Seminar In -EconOmics 
of Health Care: Wed. 1/21 Irom 5-7pm @ 
Sanla Cruz/San Francisco Rm. in Price Center. 
Seminar will be CCM general body meeting 
for the week. (1120) 
Plan On Going To GRAD SCHOOL? Want to 
make a difference? Concerned about equity in 
education? Aware of multicultural Issues? 
Want to make a difference in the lives of 
youth? Want to be a bridge between parents 
and schools? Interested in psychological 
issues? If you answered YES to ANY of these 
questions, you roeed to attend the information 
meeting regard ing th e SDSU School 
Psychology Program on Wednesday, January 
28, 1998, UCSDCareerServicesMultipurpose 
Room, Noon-2:00 pm. 
SchpsychOmail.sdsu.edu (1 /20-26) 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Are you driving up to the San Jose area within 
the next few weeks? t will pay you if you deliver 
my computer monitor. Call to make 
arrangements. Mark0558-6387. (1/15-29) 

1:1 §we: I =t.,:m 
* ROUND TRIP COURIER FARESit 
ondon 5285 .... leo $150 Hong Kong $389 
Chll1II $J6O Sydney $520 lIIIngkoic $370 

.. 40-800 0 OFF ALL FARES. 
AtR COU RI ER INTERNATtONAL 

1-800-298-1230 24 hr 

MULTICULTURAL JOB FAIR. Thurs., 1/22, 
10:3O-2pm on the library Walk (n rain , P. Ctr. 
Ballrm) Hundreds of jobs fa, UCSD students 
of ALL MAJORS. Tune up that ,esumel More 
info: www-csc.ucsd.edu (1 /15-20) 
The Episcopal Students Association meets 
every Wednesday f,om 5:00-6:30 p.m. in the 
International ~tudent Center Conference 
Room for communion, Christian dicussion, 
and Iree dinner. Students, faculty, and stall 
welcome. Call 534-6549 lor inlormat ion. (1 / 
20) 

I :e1~1~1.1'1&11:18 
WANTED: lEANOR RO EVEl 
COllEGE RESIDENT ADVISORS FOR 
1998-99! See Career Services lor relerral, 
Job. 913524. Applications due Monday, 2/21 
98 by 4:30 p.m. (1/5-29) 

The UCSD Guardian 

CLASSIFIEDS 
The UCSD Guardian reserves the right to classify, edll, delete offensive words and 
phrases. andlor rei use any and all advertisemenls wilhoul prior nolil/callon. The Advert iser 
will nol hold the Guardian liable lor any claims resuiling Irom Ihe publica"on 01 the 
advertisement. The publisher will also nol be held accountable lor any claim from an 
agreement made between the advertiser and Ihe consumer 
Copy should be reviewed by Ihe advertiser lor errors. In order to be corrected iO tna next 
regular issue. all errors musl be reponed by the corresponding deadline. Credit will only 
be given lor the Incorrect port/on ollhe advertisemenl Thele are no relunds 10' cancellallons. 
Please send all correspondence regarding Classifieds 10: 
UCSD Guardian, Attn : Clauifled., 9500 Gilman Drive .0316, La Jolla, CA 92093. 
Actual location: Student Center A. Aoom 217_ 

GET A JOHI 

Thurs, Jan. 22 

10:30-2pm • Library Walk 
If raia, Prite Ctr. Ballroom. 

:'. More laro: www-eK.uad.edu ? 

Hundreds of 

All majors welcome! 

Klasslc Kids Child Care Centers are hiring 
staH lor part time morning and afternoon hours. 
$6.25 per hour. Experience working wllh 
children ages 5-12 required. Call Pam at 460-
3750. (1/12-20.L 
Jewish American subjects reimbursed for 
interview. If you are a UCSD student, 21-25. 
call 552-8585 x4185 lor more information.(l1 
12-6/4) 
Harmonium Inc. is hiring Recreation Leaders 
lor an outdoor playground program. Monday-
Friday part time afternoon hours. $7.00 per 
hour. Must have 1 year experience working 
with children ages 5-12. Call Rubyanne al 
566-5740. (1112-1120) 
INTERN- I Love A Clean San Diego, a non-
profi t, environmenlal agency, seeks intern to 
assist with programs & annual events. 
Requirements: computer experience, publIC 
speaking skills, available 4 hours/wk and 
interest in environment andlor teaching. Must 
bese~-staner. Fax resume t0467-1314, Attn: 
Stephanie Straub. Position is unpaid. (1/1 2-1/ 
22) 
MULTICULTURAL JOB FAIR. Thurs. , 1122, 
10:30-2pm on the library Walk (il rain, P. Ctr. 
Ballrm) Hundreds of jobs lor UCSD students 
of ALL MAJORS. Tune up that resume! More 
inlo: www-csc.ucsd.edu (1115-20) 
Need interns to answer phoneS/ollice work at 
Film Feslival Office. 10-15 hrslwk. $7Ihr. Call 
Carol (619)457-2200 ext14. (1/15-1126) 
PIT Babysitter wanted lor 5 year old boy must 
be flexible and easygoing. Experience .. 
references. Scripps Ranch Village Area 271-
?646. (1 /15-26) 
CoHee Cart Operator- Torrey Pines Golf 
Course -Part Time Mornings- Experience 
prelerred- Doug 760-753-1577. (1/1 5-22) 
Camp Wayne-(sisler half 01 brother/sister 

Classified Line 
Ad Rates 

Students: 52 per 20 words 
Faculty & Staff: S3 per 20 words 

All others: $4 per 20 words 
Advance payment Is required 

Classified Display 
Ad Rates 

$9,00 per column Inch 
Deadlines: 

Public Ilion 0." Dlsp/ay Ads Line Ads 
Monday 
Thursday 

Noon Thurs. 3 pilI Thurs. 
Noon Mon. 3 pm Mon. 

camp, Northeastern Pennsylvania, 6/20-8118/ 
98). Have the most memorable summer of 
your life I Directors needed lor Drama, 
CampIOg/Nature, Cheer leading and Golf. 
Counselors lor: Tennis, Golf, Gymnastics, 
Team Sports, Low Ropes, Batik, Calligraphy, 
Sculpture, Drawing/Painting, Photography, 
Ceramics, Guitar, Silk-Screening, Swimming 
(WSI Preferred), Sailing, Waterskiing, Dance, 
Aerobics and Piano. Other staf1: DriverNideo, 
Head Chef and Assistant, Housekeeping, Night 
Watchperson . On Campus Interviews 
February 17th. Call 1-800-279-3019 for 
inlormation. (1115-2112) 

, Up 10 
- Local company expanding 
• Ideal for college studenls 
• Part-time, flexible hours 
- Scholarships & Internsh ips possible 
· ALL MAJORS I 

Pan-time secretaryllegal assistant needed. 
Will train. $6-7Ihou, to start. Flexible hours. 
For additional inlormation call 685-5156. (11 
20-29) 
Childcare needed for 3 I. monlh old in South 

Tue day, January 20, 1998 

Mission Hills, Tuesday & Thursday 8:30-5. 
. Looking for callng , respcnslble iOdivldual; 
. prefer Infant care classes or experience and 1 

year commitment. Need own transportation. 
Referrals required. Start ASAP. 293-3337. (1 / 
20-22) 
Employment: Rent Free:-Wanted female 
student. To live in- act as au-pair -
housekeeper- teenage daughter- stipend-
professional home Del Mar-Call4SS-9942.( 11 
20-26) _ 
I need help!!! Personal Assistant for busy 
advertising executive. Four hours a day or 
three full days a week. You will: Call clients. 
set appointments, run errands , leed my 
cockatoos. drop off my media kits. You'll work 
out 01 my condo next to campus. I'm never 
home. You'll have your own ollice, phone line 
and keys to the pool. 458-5905. (1 /20-22) 
PROGRAMMER - -andB'USINESS 
INTERNSHIPS AVAILABLE Help us prOduce 
Cool, leading-edge software . Software 
company is looking for interns lor C++ based 
Windows programming and business 
development. Students interested in working 
With our team, send us a resume via lax (619-
483-2586) or e-mail (jobs@neocor.com). or 
visit our website at http://www.neocor.coml 
interns (1/20-29) 

I jl'I'JI'JI tJ 1!lllt 
La Jolla furnished rooms for rent, or furnished 
rooms to share in house. Privale entrance, 
working student/professional. Non-smoker, no 
pets. lite cooking, considerate, responsibte, 
very clean, quiel,low key environment, walking 
distance to beach, near school. Ranging from 
$485.00-$600.00 including utilities. Call I-
619-459-6322. (11/17-1129) 
MISSION BEACH/PACIFIC BEACH : 
Graduate student looking for nice bedroom for 
rent. February 1-August 31 . Non-smoker. Call: 
(617) 469-0193. (1112-215) 
Roommate wanted. Pines of La Jolla, UTC 
area. $450.00 plus phone. Quiet nls. Call 
Kevin at 622-0463. (1120-26) 
Female only. $260/month $25O/deposit. Near 
Vons and bus stop. On Regents. Washerl 
dryer, garage, pool/jacuzzi. great deal. 
Available now. 457-8308. (1/20-22) 
Wanted: Female roommate in 2 bed/2 bath 
apartment with 2 women. Close to campus, 
bus line; washer/dryer. $235Imonth. 623-3262. 
(1 /20-26) 

FOR RENT 
OWNYOUR OWNHOME,save rent $. Condos 
$100,000+, Homes $200,000+. Special 
savings UCSD stall/students. Area expert, 20 
years experience. REIMAX COASTAL Judith 
Haddox . 274-4477. (1 0/6-3/12) 

_. -- -. -- -- -- .-

. 

j a rt 19 - 2/t ,r-reg-. prIce--W.-E prtce-"'!"'" 
3.5"x5" 19¢ 15¢ 
4"x6" 23¢ 19¢ 

110 or 135mm color negatives only_ No APS or Black & White please_ 
Offer not valid with any other discount 

www-bookstore.ucsd_edu 

Tuesday, January 20, 1998 

LA JOLLA FURNISHED ROOM in townhouse 
near UCSD and bus, utilities, laundry. kitchen, 
garage, male graduate or post-doc. $500. 
450-6935. (1/15-20) 
Single bedroom in townhouse near UCSDI 
bus. WID, pool. Preferlemale, NSiND. $400 .. 
1/3 utilities. Available 211. 450-0975. (1112-1 1 
29) 
FOR RENT-3 BRl2BA Large Condo. 2 btocks 
UTC and bus. $1 ,375 mo. Call Susie al (6t9) 
578-4257. (1112-22) 
Room for Rent, La Jalla/Mt. Sale. One Bdrm., 
Shr. Bath, gr!. view. 3OO/mo + 1/3 util. Avail 21 
I Billie 459-7709. (1 /20-29) 

FOR SALE 
New Playstation games still in wrapper. Final 
Fantasy VIII , Bushido Blade. Crash Bandicoot 
2, Gaiden Nugget. NHL Powerplay '98, Road 
Rash, Doom. From $15-30. James 558-3100 
pager 760-866-5784. La Jolla (1 /15-20) 
Mac Performa 550. 250mb harddrive , 36mb 
ram, CD-rom. Software 7.5 with 11 inch color 
monitor. $700 negotiable. 552-0242. (1/15-
22) 
MCAT Study Materials . Complete 1996 
Princeton Review, including study guides and 
8 full length practice exams. $200. 579-2858. 
(1/15-20) 
Twa full-size couch/sleepers. Good Condlti'; 
$60 each. Brand new HP 17BII FIOancial MBA 
calculator$80. ($160 In Bookstore) (6 t9) 622-
9151 . (1!20i2) _____ _ 
WETSUIT 4SALE Only worn 3 monlhsl Men's 

WANTED: ELEANOR ROOSEVELT 
COLLEGE REStDENT ADVISORS FOR 
1998-991 See Career Services for referral, 
Job. 913524. App lications due Monday, 2121 
98 by 4:30 p.m. (1/5-29) 

~~~~~~ 
~ WOMEN WHO ~ 
"V'" ARE PROUD ~ 
~ 01 thei r heri tage, you ~ 
: may be eligible to be an ; 

~ egg donor if you are ~ 
~ 21-28 years, healthy, ~ 
~ respon sib le. ~ 
~ Ca(J Jessica, FFC ~ 

~ 619-581-1820 ~ 
~ GENEROUS ~ 
~ COMPENSATION ~ 
~ Asian donors mJBdBd ~ 

~~~~~~ 
FEMALE HAIR MODELS (40) Ie males 
especially (ASIANS) needed for JanuaryLong 
Beach Hair-show! No experience necessary. 
Earn up to$900 a day. Calt (24-hours) 1-800-

The UCSD Guardian 

959-9301. (1/120-1129) 
MISSION BEACHIPACIFIC BEACH: 
Graduate student looking lor nice bedroom lor 
rent. February 1-August31. Non-smoker. Call: 
(617) 469-0193. (1/ t2-1120) 
EGG DONORS NEEDED I Have you 
considered helping an inlertile couple's dream 
come true? If you're 21-30 years and will ing 10 
help, please calt OPTIONS at (800) 886-9373. 
All races needed. Compensation $3,500. (1/ 
5-3/12) 
Males and lemales paid $30.00 lor interview_ 
If you are 01 Japanese, Chinese, or Korean 
descent, call VA, 552-8585 x2182. (1/5-3112) 
Babysi tter needed. ExperiencelExcelient 
relerences requested. Ability to intarract very 
well with children. Non-smoker, woman 
preferred. Calt 259-6907. (1/20) 

SERVICES 
PSYCHOTHERAPY. Become better able to 
cope With lile's stresses. Identify and overcome 
obstacles to academic achievement. Help With 
mood diHiculties, anxiety, identity issues, 
relationship problems. Supportive, caring 
approach. Close to campus. Reduced fees lor 
students. Carol Randolph, PhD. (PSY15060) 

~ 9-699-84~_ (1/20-3130) 
PSYCHOTHERAPY/COUNSELING ata very 
low fee by experienced, licensed prolesslonal. 
Almost all issues including relationships, 
career, Isolation, sexuality, stress. substance 
use and abuse, anxiety , identity , etc. 
Participants will be asked to provide 

anonymous data for book therapis t is 
researching. Must be college age. $15-$20 
per hour. Call1o~ details. Bill Martin, MFCC 
(MFC 33939), Del Mar. (619) 755-2407. (liS-
20) 
CHEEPER PEEPERSI Eye exam and 
complete pair 01 glasses-only $99. 10minutes 
from UCSD. Dr. Selby 0 .0 _ 57H796. (1/12-

3/ 1 2~) __________________ ___ 

CONTACTS-Exam, titling, fotlow-up, one pair 
OW soft contacts- only SS9. Ask about our 
incredible colOfed lens oHer. Dr Selby 0 .0 . 
578-6796. (1/12-3/12) 
Psychotherapy: Individual and couptes 
therapy, in a supporlive and caring 
environmenl, to help you deal with Personal, 
Family & School Pressures , Relationship 

.. ___ r.::~.I" 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

CLASSIFIEDS 13 

Issues, Depression, loss, Anxiety, Pregnancy, 
SeH Esteem, Motivation, Career Issues, etc. 
laurie Kolt , Ph .D., Psychologist 
(Lic'PSY8556), La Jolla 456-2005. (1120) 

LOST & FOUND 
Did you pick up a TI -85 calculator on 
Wednesday, Dec. 3 from the Physics tCL 
lab? If you have any clue to its whereabouts, 
please call Megan at 638-1776. (1115-29) 

PERSONALS 
Hey, all you pariahs blocking the Iront door to 
the Belly Up: if you and your spewing Martboros 
will just step back three paces, I can get to my 
next beer. (1120) 

med/tall. Gul '97. Orig. $300. 2big 4 me. Selt .-____________________________ .. 
lor $125. 454-8393 John.:. (1120-22) _ 
For Sale: Two tickets to see Oasis in concert. 
January 281h in Los Angeles. Good seats, 
great pric!:: Call Nicole at 488-9322. (1120-26) 

~ ANT E 0 on~!,alu[ales ~ Cia Glass gn1//aies II·MAIL BOXES ..-rc:-Making Business Easier. Worldwide. • Binding • Word Proces i ng 
EGG DONORS 

WANTED 
It you are a healthy female 

between the ages ot 19 and 30 
and have health insurance. 
Compensation $3,500. 

Call Mirna Navas at 

(310) 829-6782 
for more into. 

Courtney Bedilion 
Cathy Chien 
Crystina Coats 
Robyn Eisenman 
Diana Fakhrai 
Brenda Foster 
Rebecca Hamburg 
Tal Korn 

PreseJJ.ts 

Michelle Leffler 
Lisa Meek 
Ali Nellos 
NatashaOng 
Misha Ramadev 
Michelle Reingold 
Kate Rubins 
Danidle Saad 

Special Copy Savings 
Save money on every copy 

you make with MBE's 
Pre-Paid Copy Card, Be 
sure to ask for yours the 

next time you vi it. 

& Laminating • Packaging Materials 
• Color Copies • Mail Receiving 
• Fax 
• UPS 

• NOlary 
• FedEx 

7770 Regents Road. #11 3 
San Diego, CA 92 122 

Ph. 453-733 1 Fax. 453-7335 
Mon. -Fri. 8-7 Sat. 9-5 Sun. 11 -5 
~1I0\l \Oll( "11 111 \ 1111111/( \ 

IW ;" IHS('()l \ r 

---C AUTO rl SERVICE 
Guaranteed 

CSD"S MOST POPUlAR 
SERVICE CENTERS 

European • Japanese • Domestic 
Approved leased vehicle service. A5f certified for: 

• ENGINE REPAIR AND PERFORMANCE DIAGNOSIS 
• AUTO TRANSMISSION/TRANSAXLE 

a liJIJ.tetl llulJer oIlJscoutetl tlclets lor de • MANUAL TRANSMISSION/CLUTCH 

Z!JO SrperlJo,,/ Srper JIHIJ. 
, de Sa1l JJiego Sports l.mJJa. 

FriIlar, JUIaI'J a 1!J98 
starriJJ./I 

Ll Cool J, Total, ])rr Hi/I, Ru ])}[C 
I.C i JoJo, X-Top aJ1ilJore 

for OJJ/J IlJJO ~cJ (nplulr IZJ.JO DclrilJt JIlduges) 
Sorry -.1I1l,fM}e to TGJ Jtlioa 0IJr, Z}JU IJ' SOLO 0IJJct, Prk:l Cuter, li IIoor 

Call534-0496forinfo ~rban Ce!'ltewme"ary Mu s ic GreftP 

• SUSPENSION AND STEERING 
• COMPLETE BRAKE JOBS 
• ELECTRICAL/ELECTRONIC SYSTEMS 
• HEATING AND AIR CONDITIONING 
• COMPLETE MAINTENANCE AND SCHEDULED SERVICES 

& more. Call lor an. appointment' 
- - - - -, CastIG/MotorOil Mention this ad and receive a 

3S-PT_ COMPLETE I 
TRAVEL lit SAFETY 
INSPECTION I 

~!!~111 
, 5 minutes from UCSDI 

Take La Jolla Village 8OS/, 
it lurns into Miramor! 

7998 MIRAMAR ROAD, SUITE B 
888-S-FIX CAR/S88-7SS2 

Fox: 566-7553 • OPEN 7 DAYS A MIK • Mon. -Sat. 8:00 -6:30, Sun. 9·6 



'" 

r 

Tuesday, January 20. 1998 The UCSD Guardian 

UCSD Gets Revenge 
EXECUTION: The Tritons used their precis ion attack and their 
'spurtability' to destroy Chapman, 90-49, attoning for an early-season loss 
By Jeff Bassett 
Staff Writer 

Spurtability: the term, w ined 
hy co ll ege basketball guru Bill 
Raftery. refers to a team 's ab il ity 
to run away wi th a game, 
to go un su convi ncing a 
ru n that it (k wrJnines the 
game. regard less of the 
amount of time left on the 
clock. Somc teams have 
silurtahility, other tcams 
don ' t. 

The Ri ck Pitino- Ied 
Kentucky Wildca ts had 
spurtahility - ju~t ask LS . Tw() 
years ago , the Wildcats closed out 
a game in Baton Rouge, La . with a 
33-0 run. pro mpting speculati on 
that the game mi ght have passed 
now-retired L5 coac h Dale 
Brown hy. 

Thc four-tim e Super Bowl 
doormat Bu llalo Bills had spurta-
bi lity, at l ea~ t again~t ot her AFC 
teams - a~ k Houston. Despite 
leadi ng hy over 30 points at the 
half in the 1992 div isional play-
olTs, the Oilcrs watched the Bills 
light up the ~coreboan.l and found 
themselves on the wrong side of 
the bi ggest comeback in NFL 
playo ff history. 

And yes, the UCSD women 's 
basketball team has spurtabilit y. 
Ask Chapman Uni versity. Leading 
just 32-n at the half. the Tritons 
went on a 23-6 run , leaving the 
Panthers shellshocked as the 

women cruised to a 90-49 win. 
The Tritons outscored Chapman 
5!! -2 1 after the halftime fe ·tivities 
and convert ed on 67 percent of 
th ei r attempt from the 11001'. 

Making the run even 
more impressive was the 
quality of the opponent. 
UCSD has been putting 
up some impress ive num-
hers, i.e. 5 1- and 68-poi nt 
wins s in ~e the winter 
break, hut these wins 
werc against suh-.500 
tea ms. 

Chapman, however, went into 
Saturday's game wit h a strong 12-
4 record and is considered by most 
to he UCS D's bigges t rival. 
Furtherlllore , th e Panthers had 
already defeated the Tritons, post -
ing a 62-59 victo ry on Dec. 30. 
The difl'c rencc hetween a three-
point loss and a 41 -point wi n? It 
had to be the spun. 

" La~ t time out Chapman 
played one of thei r best games, 
and played with a lot of emotion," 
Coach Judy Malone said . "We 
rca Ily didn ' t play that well. 
Tonight, Chapman looked tircd at 
the end of the first hair .. At half-
time, I reminded the team wlwt we 
wanted to do with ea~h of their 
pl ayers. and the team came out 
and executed." 

Thc spurt was initially generat-
ed by senior guard Amy Franzen. 
After making a short baseline 

jumper, Franlen cleanly stripped 
the Panther poi nt and wcnt the 

ther way for th e uncontested 
layu p. 

Summer Bcgley continued the 
run , hitting both a layup and a 
midrange jumper. 

Aftcr Janessa Bayda's long 
two-pointer, Kate Turnbull 
grabbed one of her 6 olTensive 
rebounds and converted on the 
put-back. 

Kri sta Poehler's jumper CO Ill -
pleted the spurt, and the wo men 
led 53-34 four minutes illlo the 
second hal f. 

Any thoughts t he stunned 
Punthers might have had of a 
comeback were put to res t by 
guards Amy McClure and Tristen 
Teasdale. McClure contributed II 
of her team hi gh 15 poi nts in the 
sccond half, buryi ng all Ihree of 
her alt empts from behind the arc . 
Teasdale pitched in 8 points. 6 as a 
result of two shots from down-
town. 

While each member of the 
team played well individuall y, it 
was a total team effort whi~h was 
responsible for the spurt. 

The UCSD viclOry was its 
sixth in a row, and eighth in its last 
nine games. The Ii fth victory of 
the current winning streak came • 
Thursday night at Christian 
Heritage. Turnbu ll 's 13 points and 
10 rebounds led the wny 10 II 70-
42 thumping. 

SPLIT: 
Tritons bounce back 
from a heartbreaker 
Continued from page 16 
Tritons wou ld see a lead evaporate 
before them as thc Leopards 
refu sed to fold . 

Lienert was given a red card, 
which cost La Vefl1c a point. only 
insp iri ng them more. With the 
Tritons leading 10-8, McFarl:lIld 
again altcmpted to sell Ie hi s team 
wi lh a timeout. 

The break had no effect on thc 
Leopard~ as they continued to 
appl y pressure and scured seven 
un answered points 10 knot the 
match at two games each. 

" It 's a really perplex ing thing as 
a coach, when you have that 
momcntulll and Ihen lose it ," 
McFarland said , "and everything 
you try to get it hack doesn't work ." 

The Ii fth game I)roved fatal for 
the Tritol'\;; as they got themselves 
in a hole earl y on. With rally scor-

POUNDING: 
UCSD decIawed the 
pitiful Panthers 
Continued from page 16 
rebounding. Meanwhile. he leads 
the team in charges taken and 
stea ls. 

Starters Wall and Tyler Garratt 
continue to play well. Adam Libby 
rounds out a solid starting five with 
exce ll ent point guard pl;IY. Friday 
nigh t he had 15 points on 6 for 7 
shooting and 7 assists. 

"The exciting part of what 's 
happening right now is that we're 

SPORTS 15 

ing in place, the Tritons could not 
mount a comeback. La Verne 
would ruin the UCSD home opener 
by capturing the match, 15-7. 

The Tri tons were out-blocked 
22-11 and despite doub le-fig ure 
kill s for Yarris, Woods and Mount , 
they were unable to produce a con-
sislcnt offense. 

On Saturday, UCSD hit the road 
to face Division \I opponent CSU 
San Bern ardino and came away 
with a crud al road victory, its first 
in over a year. 

Junior Jody Cook-Fisher 
returned to thc starting lincup and 
provided a much needed pick-up 
from the outside hitler posi tion. 
Led hy Woods' 19 kills, the Tritons 
revitalized their ofknsive attack 
and found an even pacc for the con-
tinuation of their marathon. 

HWe 're sti ll trying to li nd a team 
chemistry and a tl!a m identiI Y." 
McFarland said . "We need to start 
building on our success. gain some 
con lidcn~e an I continue to gct bet-
ter." 

not playing our best yet," Wall said. 
"We have some tough opponents 
coming up, hut I think we ean play 
a lot beller. That's what is best feu 
us, to peak towards playo lls. Last 
year we peaked ahout fo ur gailles 
ea rly, hu t thi s year wc 're on a good 
pace." 

Hopefull y the team can main-
tain that pace against Christian 
Heritage, a team that presents a 
scrious hurdle to the Tritons' run of 
victories. Well-skilled and we ll -
seasoned. the veteran Eagles are a 
strong team that beat the playoff-
hopeful Tritons late last season in 
RJ MAe. 

l'l:~V PAID ADVERTISEMENT BY ASUCSD ~~\\O~ PROPAGANDA 

Filing Begins February 2nd 
Elected positions include: 

President 
Vice President Internal 
Vice President External 
Vice President Finance 

Commissioner of Academic Affairs 
Commissioner of Programming 

Commissioner of Student Advocacy 
Comm issioner of Communications 

Commissioner of Student Services 
Senators (15 ) one from e a ch class from 

each college 
Pick up an application from the 

third floor Price Center 

REVELLE 

H 0 U RJ STUDY LOUNGE ~~,-._ COMING SOON! 

the camplete saurce If III campus events 



The SO Guardian Tuesday, January 20, 1998 

Bob Menko. on ChflS CoIhnswol th RTS 
Fishing 
Report 
Kevin Mclaughlin 
All The Sports 
That's Fit To Print 

I get asked all the time, 
Kevin, my man, why the 
Fishing Report? What 's the 
meaning in the name for your 
lillie column'! What 's up with 
fishing? 

Well, I respond, fi shing is 
like poetry in motion, poetry is 
like the writing that I do, and I 
write about sports and fishing is 
a sport of sorts and so it's all 
connected like a nice, lillie, tan-
gled ball of yarn. Simple. 

Actually, no one asks me, 
and probably no one wonders, 
let alone cares. But that mailers 
not, for I'm the one with the 
pulpit to preach from . 

So, I'm silling around trying 
to dream up a title for my lillie 
column that I occasionally get 
motivated or assigned to write. 
Fishing Report seemed cool at 
the time. It's kind of like I'm 
trying to represent the non-typi -
cal sports, the individual sports, 
all the stuff that doesn ' t make 
the paper. 

I've been going to UCSD 
sporting events for years, and 
it 's obvious that most of you 
aren't interested in big, fun , rau-
cous team events. Even the fact 
that our teams most always win 
doesn 't malter. I've seen bigger 
lines for ski lifts than most of 
the crowds at our home games. 

I've heard so much about the 
Super Bowl the past few weeks 
that I am beyond the saturation 
point. The Niners aren't in it, so 
I don't give a damn who wins it. 

So, I'm thinking, what else 
to write'! What other sports are 
the kids of La Jollaland into'! 
Big team sports may not be 
everyone's bag, but I'd say we 
have a healthy and trim student 
body on the whole here. People 
are still active, and a lot of them 
arc doing some kind of athletics. 

For instance, in my house, 
we playa lot of drinking games. 
Though they don ' t bum many 
calories, they sure make the 
hours fly by. We also play darts, 
lots of darts - great for hand-
eye coordination. We would 
playa lot of pool or pingpong; 
all we 're missing is the table. 

Video games aren't really 
sports, but we play those a fair 
amount too, until the tendonitis 
in my hand started to flare up. 
For cardiova cular work, occa-
' ionally I walk · the dog. It's 
great being an athlete, honestly. 

So that's an example of what 
your fri endly fi shing report is 
about. No big-time sports, just 
the real day-to-day evt!nts. 
Fishing and ~kiing and, well, I'll 
come up with something else 
when I do it. Stay tuned for the 
Guardia,,' t!x treme sports 
bonanla, whi h is on th way as 

~oon a the cloud break so we 
can go hangliding. 

Weekend A Mixed Bag For UCSD 
ONE UP, ONE DOWN: The Tritons suffered through a 
heartbreaking loss in their home opener on Friday, losing to 
rival La Verne in five games, but rebounded with a big road 
win over Division II CSU San Bernardino on Saturday 

By Steve Walsh 
Senior Staff Writer 

The vo lleyball season can be compared to a runner 
who is allempting a marathon. While it is nice to get off 
to a good start , it 's not criti ca l for a successful comple-
tion of the race. The UCSD men's volleyball team 
worked its way through the early mile with a slight 
stumble, but with a long way to go, the Tritons are still 
capable of surging to the front. 

After an impre sive showi ng at the UC Santa 
Barbara Invitational, UCSD welcomed the University 
of La Verne to RIMAC on Friday for the Tritons ' home 
opener. The Division III Leopards are UCSD's main 
hurdle on the way to representing the West in the 
National Championships. This made the Tritons ' five-

game loss even more heartbreaking. 
From the opening rallies of the 

match, UCSD looked like the domi-
nant learn and appeared capable of 
making quick work of the Leopards. 
UCSD was led by seniors Jon Yarri s, 
Ryan Woods, Kurt Seckington and 
Guy Mount. La Verne countered with 
a big blocking frontline that would 
plague UCSD the entire night. 

Throughout the first game, the two teams exchanged 
points, with a handful of Triton errors allowing the 
Leopards to stay close. With the score knolled at 8-8, 
freshman outside hiller Ben Veron came up with two 
blocks for points that put UCSD in the driver's seat. 

However, the Leopards continued to claw back, led 
by their own freshman outside hitler, Alix Lienert. 
Lienert would prove to be a thorn in the Tritons' side all 
night as he fini shed the match with a team-high 15 kills 
and 10 blocks. With their freshman leading the way, the 
Leopards grabbed a 13- 12 lead and forced McFarland 
to call a timeout. 

Coming out of the break, the Tritons regained their 
early form, and with Seckington serving, they scored 
three unanswered points to capture the game. 

As they had in the first game though, UCSD hit a 
slump and La Verne began to crawl back into the match. 
Another timeout allowed McFarland to calm his troops 
and steal back the momentum. The Tritons played well 
for the rest of the game as they allowed the Leopards to 
get no closer. The Tritons took a seemi ngly insur-
mountable lead, two games to none. 

In gallic three nothing seemed to go right for the 
Tritons. as the La Verne block answered nearly every 
UCSD offensive attack. For the game, the Tritons 
would rack up more errors than ki lis and suffered a 15-
6 loss. 

Claire Schneider/Guardian 
Brtnglng thunder: As if he had the hammer of Thor, senior Jon Yarris elevates to 
bring down a huge spike in Friday's painful loss against the University of La Verne . 

Despite the loss, UCSD still appeared to have the 
match in hand as Seckington opened the fourth game 
with six straight service points. Again, though, the 

See SPLIT, Page 15 

Tritons' Winning Streak Hits 11 
ONLY 35?: Led again by Tyler Field, UCSD continued its winning ways against an overmatched 
squad from Chapman University, turning out a 102-67 drubbing in front of the RIMAC faithful 
By Kevin McLauehlln 
Co-Associate Sports Editor 

You could tell this one wasn't going to be 
pretty from the moment you walked into the 
gym. Undersized, outmanned and with all the 
confidence a 6-7 record can give you, 
the Panthers of Chapman University 
were in hot water against the resident 
Tritons. When you come into RIMAC 
Arena these days. you beller have your 
ballin ' shoes laced up tight. 

The Tritons dealt another drubbing 
Friday night , their II th victory in a 
row, to the tune of a 102-67 walkover. 
What is that you say, only as-point 
'pread'? Truly, to anyone of the 500 or 0 fans 
there. it eemed like a bigger margin than that. 
Playing a superior brand of basketball , the 
Triton tamed the typically challenging Panther 

in every facet of the game. 
Good shooting has been a hallmark of the 

men's recent run of wins, and Friday night only 
served to continue that trend. 

The Tritons shot 58 percent on the night, a 
statistic that hould by itself guarantee 
victory. The squad shot the ball well , 
but with discretion. 

The team still has the green light 
behind the three-point stripe, but has 
brought its typical number of threes per 
game down from 50 or so early in the 
season to a more sane number like O. 
It appears that the deep ball is no longer 
the fir t, second and third option. 

Of cour e, having Tyler Field around in the 
po t to pass to give the team more options. 
Field again led the team in coring and rebound-
ing, as he has in virtually every game ince join-

ing the team, with 22 point and 15 boards. 
Field also notched 4 block against the 

diminutive Panthers, the highest number by a 
Triton in years. Field led the team in minutes 
with 29, as a number of bench players got a 
chance to contribute to the blowoUl. 

"Obviously it 's nice having Tyler," econd-
leading scorer Mike Wall said. "With him in 
there, everyone feels more comfortable. We can 
play our natural positions now." 

However. in spite of Field 's night in, night 
out heroics, the Tritons have had a lot of con-
tributor in their streak of success. Each night, 
someone else show ' hi offen ive game or 
makes important tops on defen e. 

Forward Mark Sebek has gotten more 
aggressive on the offen ive end, pinpointing his 
three-point 'hooting in addition to hi s 'olid 

See POUNDINC?, Page 15 


