
Elsewhere 
BYU OffIcer Shot 
twice In Chest 
PROVO, Utah - Brigham 
Young University police offi -
cer Dave Adams was shot 
twice after answering an 
armed robbery call on May 
20. Adams responded to a 
request from the Provo police 
for help in two bank heists 
within six minutes of each 
other. The suspect opened 
fire on Adams as the offi cer 
exited out of hi s car. Adams 
was treated for gunshot 
wounds to his chest and glass 
fragments that entered hi s 
eye. According to a witness, 
two police offi cers on bikes 
arri ved on the scene within 
20 seconds of the shooting. 

- The Daily Universe 

Honor Society's 
Status Questioned 
GAINESVILLE, Fla. - Uni-
versity of Florida Pres ident 
John Lombardi recently 
received two letters call ing 
for a massive decrease in the 
power of the Florida Blue 
Key's (FB K), Florida 's oldest 
leadership honorary organi za-
tion. Law Professor Joe Little 
sent a letter to Lombardi 
all eging that FBK has too 
much control in student gov-
ern ment affairs. Li ttl e called 
for an independent faculty 
committee to monitor the 
group. In his letter, FBK 
alumnus Dan Lobeck, 1976-
77 UF student body president , 
advocated for the removal of 
the current FBK leadership. 
The group came under fire in 
April when it, and student 
body president John McGov-
er:n , were ordered to pay 
$250,000 to former student 
politician Charlie Grapski. 
FB K and McGovern were 
found liable in civil court for 
falsely portraying Grapski as 
a child molester in the 1995 
electi ons. 

- The Independent Florida 
Alligator 

OU Phone Fraud 
Case Resolved 
ATHENS, Ohio - 0 ' Ble-
ness Memorial Hospital 
administrators and Ohio Uni -
vers ity police offi cers will 
not press criminal charges 
against 30 students who 
charged more than $30,000 
doll ars in long-distance 
phone call s to the ho pital. 
The students used a code to 
access the hospital's phone 
system without being 
charged. Hospital administra-
tors noti ced in January that 
the phone charges from Sep-
tember 1997 to January 1998 
were unusuall y high. Instead 
of fac ing criminal charges, 
the students must sign an 
admi s. ion of their phone use, 
pay restitution to the hospital 
and agree to be law-abid ing 
citizens for six months. 

- The Post 

Spoken ... 
"I'm sorry. I regret it. I 
wouldn 't do if again. " 

- Robert Dyn .. 
Chancellor 

see story. above 

Marijuana Mania Freedom On Track 
A look at the world of marijuana 
from the drug s medicinal uses to 
the government crackdown. 

The debate on 
Gingrich s right to 
speak at UCSD. 

Three Triton 
tracksters named 
All-Americans. 

Features, page 9 Opinion, page 4 Sports, page 20 

, H E u 

UC SAN DIEGO TUESDAY, MAY 26, 1998 

ALL-CAMPUS COMMENCEMENT 

lisa Huff/ Guardian 
M .. tlng: Members of the UCSD community gathered to see Chancellor Dynes on 
Friday as he answered questions regarding Commencement Speaker Newt Gingrich . 

DiversityDilemma 
Chancellor Robert Dynes addresses protesters f or the first time 
By Vincent Gragnanl 
Staff Writer 

In response to the reaction against the 
choice of Speaker of the House Newt Gin-
grich as the 1998 all -campus commencement 
speaker, Chancellor Robert Dynes spoke with 
a group of protesters last week at the Cross 
Cultural Center. 

The talk with Dynes marked the culmina-
tion of a two-day, on-campus protest entitled 
"Expose and Oppose." The demonstration 
addressed Propositions 226 and 227 and the 
effects of Proposition 209. In addition. stu -
dent s demanded that Chance llor Robert 
Dynes "di sinvite" Gingri ch as thi s year's 
commencement speaker. 

Rooseve lt sophomore Annette Greene, a 
member of the African American Student 
Union (AAS U) and Di versity in Action, wel-
comed the crowd Thursday afternoon at Price 
Center. 

Greene discussed the Di versity Commis-

sion report , issued by a committee of students, 
faculty and staff in February. Greene said she 
was angered that Dynes has been unable to 
find money to implement the report 's recom-
mendations, yet he was able to find money for 
the campuswide commencement. 

UCSD senior and Movimiento Estudiantil 
Chicano de Aztlan (MEChA) core member 
Mike Rodriguez said Proposition 227 has it s 
roots in the United States' acquisition of Mex-
ican land 150 years ago. 

''The United States and Mexico signed a 
treaty say ing that Mexicans would be able to 
read, write and speak their language," he said. 

According to Rodriguez, the passage of 
Proposition 227 would send a message to 
immigrant children that Spanish is an inferior 
language to English. 

In hi s speech, literature Professor Jorge 
Mari sca l warned that corporate and po litica l 
interests are influencing the university. 

See PROTEST, Page 2 

c 5 D 

VOLUME 94, I: 

Lecture Held 
On Status of 
Gay Culture 
DISCOURSE: Hewlett 
Div.ersity Fund ponsors 
speech by Daniel Harris 
By Aileen Delacruz 
Staff Writer 

Following the close of Gay Awareness 
Week, essayist and author Daniel Harris pre-
sented arguments from his controversial book, 
The Rise alld Fall of Gay Culture, before a 
gathering of students and faculty in the Price 
Center Theater l a~t Wednesday. 

According to Thurgood Marshall Dean 
Rafae l Hernandez, the aim of the lecture, spon-
sored by the Hewlett Diversity and Unity Pro-
ject Fund, was to "stimulate heated debate on 
the issue of [gay) assimilation, both inside and 
outside the gay community." 

Hernandez said that Harri s was chosen to 
speak because he offered a "different perspec-
tive" concerning gay issues. 

"At the very moment when many observers 
ma intain that gay culture has reached it most 
mature and self-aware form, Daniel Harri s 
claims that gay culture is actually on the verge 
of extinction," Hernandez said. 

Citing "aestheticism," the pursuit of the 
beautiful , as the central element defining gay 
culture, Harris equated the diminution of gay 
culture to the waning of "aestheticism." 

According to Harri s, "aestheticism was a 
way of achieving an alternative form of artistic 
respectability in a society which has denied us 
out moral respectability." Harri s described 
"conspicuous di splays of tastefulness" by gay 
men as a kind of civil di sobedience, reiterating 
hi s belief that "aestheticism is in fact a concrete 
political response to oppression." 

While Harris bemoaned what he said was 
the fading of the gay sensibility, he al so credit -
ed gay consumerism for the prog re s made 
toward equal rights. 

"We achieved economic vi ability yea rs 
before we achieved political viability - one 
did not simply proceed the other, it made the 

See CULTURE, Page 3 

Panelists Discuss Guatemalan Human Rights Violations 
EVENT: Wife of victim 
speaks of her husband, 
CIA involvement in war 
By KI-Mln Sung 
Staff Writer 

A number of analy 'ts and wit-
nes cs spoke about human ri ghts 
violations in Guatemala during a 
sess ion on " Human Rights in 
Guatamala: The U.S. R~le" at the 
.. .S.-Latin Ameri can Relations: 
Prospect and Pos ibilities ' confer-
ence last weekend at the Institute of 
the Americas Complex. 

Harvard Law School graduate 
Jennifer Harbury married Efrain 
Bamaca Velasquez in the fall of 
199 1 in Texas after years of inter-
action with Latin America organi-
zations. 

The following March, 
Velasquez disappeared during guer-
ri lIa battle. 

According to Harbury, the 
Guatemalan government released 
information stating that Velasquez 
had shot himself in the mouth. It is 
common for individuals .to take 
uch actions, according to Harbury, 

because the atrocities known to 

await those captured ali ve by the 
military far outweigh the fear of 
death . 

"Although thi s case is very bru-
tal and very horrifying in many 
ways, it is only one out of 200,000 
ca 'es," Harbury said. " It 's not 
shocking in Guatemala. It's only 
typical." 

Harbury said that as information 
began to trickle from the bulwark 
of government secrecy, she learned 
more about her husband 's death. As 
a handful of wilnessc who escaped 
the torture of the military came for-
ward, the information Harbury had 

initially received became distorted. 
According to witness testimony, 
her husband had not died on March 
12, as he was seen being tortured 
by the mi litary months after hi s 
alleged death. 

Harbury 's persistence and fur-
ther inquiries ultimately uncovered 
a series of United States Central 
Inte lligence Agency cover-ups. 
According to Harbury, one of the 
men who had tortu red Velasquez 
wa a U.S.-paid CIA informer, 
Colonel Julio Roberto Alpirez. 

"Yes we lthe U.S. government] 
See PANEL, Page 7 



t •• 

2 NEWS 

PRO I EST: 
Dynes explains 
choice of speaker 
ContInued frOIR .... 1 
Mariscal said that the administra-
tion "sold the campus to the high-
est bidder." 

"This campus belongs as 
much to us as to the corporations 
buying it up," he said. 

"One hundred years from now, 
rUC Regent) Ward Connerly will 
be remembered as one of the 
greatest villains against civil 
rights," Mariscal added. 

Following the rally, Student 
Affirmative Action Commillee 
Chair Kalhia Romo, who is also a 
member of Diversity in Action, 
led demonstrators to the chancel-
lor's complex to voice their con-
cerns. Dynes was not present 
because of a family emergency. 

Protesters banged on the doors 
and walls of Dynes' office, break-
ing two windows. UCSD police 
were present and mentioned the 

suggested holding a meeting on 
either Tuesday or Wednesday of 
this week. 

Dynes arrived at 2 p.m. to 
speak to the protesters. The 
demonstrators first demanded 
that Dynes set a later time to dis-
cuss the issue with a larger group 
of people. 

"My understanding was that 
you requested to have a meeting 
as soon as possible ," Dynes 
replied. 

The chancellor then sent three 
of the demonstrators into his 
office to make an appointment 
with his secretary. They agreed to 
meet with Dynes on Thursday 
afternoon at I :30 p.m. in the Price 
Center Theater. 

Dynes said that members of 
the UCSD community expressed 
an interest in having a renowned 
speaker at the all-campus com-
mencement. 

"The students and faculty 
were in favor of an all-campus 
commencement if the speaker 
was of national prominence," he 

possibility of pros-
ecuting whoever 
broke the win-

"My view I. 
that this 

said. "A week 
later, I got a call 
from the office of 

dows. 
"If we could 

identify who did it, 
and if the universi-
ty wanted to prose-
cute, we could do 
that," UCSD 
Police Sergeant 
Tom Morris said. 
"[The police) are 
going to make an 
effort to fi nd out 

campu ..... to 
act a. a forum 
for wide group 
of point. of 
view. It Is not 
a difference of 
opinion but a 
breadth of 

the regents saying 
that Gingrich had 
asked if we were 
interested in hav-
ing him speak. 

"I got the call 
on a Friday and 
they requested an 
answer by Mon-
day," he added. 

Dynes also said 
that he contacted 
the vice chancel-who's 

ble." 
responsi- opinion." 

- Robert Dynes lors and as many 
Chancellor as two dozen fac-Protesters 

brought papier-
mach!! dolls representing the 
declining number of underrepre-
sented students at UCSD. The 
three dolls represented the 31 
Native Americans, 61 African 
Americans and 300 Latinos who 
will be members of the incoming 
freshman class. 

Before moving to form a sit-in 
on the lawn outside the adminis-
trator's complex, protesters left 
the dolls hanging on a tree just 
outside Dynes' office. 

At 4 p.m., Dynes was sched-
uled to meet with demonstrators 
at the Cross Cultural Center. In 
place of Dynes, two administra-
tors were sent to speak to the 
crowd. 

Demonstrators resumed their 
protest in front of the chancellor's 
office at 9 a.m. on Friday morn-
ing. At noon, Dynes said that he 
would meet with the concerned 
faculty, staff and students at 2 
p.m. 

The demonstrators immediate-
ly sent Dynes a letter claiming 
that "a two-hour advance notice is 
insufficient time" to hold a meet-
ing. To accommodate the people 
concerned about the issue, they 

ulty members, pri-
marily from the social scicnces, 
arts and humanities departments, 
when making his decision. 

He said he received an over-
whelmingly positi ve reaction 
from the faculty and staff mem-
bers he spoke with. 

Dynes, however, also said he 
regrets that he did not consu It stu-
dents. 

' 'I'm sorry. ) regret it. I would-
n't do it again ," he said. 

Defending his decision to 
invite Gingrich, Dynes said that 
he believed that a variety of opin-
ions should be welcome on the 
UCSD campus. 

"My view is that this campus 
has to act as a forum for wide 
group of points of view," Dynes 
said. " It is not a difference of 
opinion but a breadth of opinion." 

Cecilia Ubilla, an Office of 
Academic Support and Instruc-
tional Services (O .A.S.I .S.) 
senior learning skills counselor, 
told Dynes to uninvite Gingrich 
as a gesture against racism. 

"I think you have a great deal 
of power," Ubilla said. ")1' you 
take a daring stand, you'd have 

See PROTES', Page 3 

GUARDIAN ~ III 
1IIe UCSD GIIIIfI1I"" Is pUbliShed Mondays and Thursdays durlne the academic 
"'. by and lor the students of UCSO. Reproduction of Ihls n ..... paper In an~ 
form. whether In whole or In part, without permission Is slrlctly prohibited. 
01998. all nih" reser""", rl>e UCSD G_diMls nol responsible for lhe rei urn 
01 unsollcned manuscripts or art . The views eJCl)fessed herein do not neceSSarily 
represent the opinions of 1IIe UCSD GIIIIfI1I.,. the UnM!rslly of California or the 
"socl8led Students. 1IIe UCSD Gu/IfrJI., Is funded solely by _rtlslne. 
Go 10 hll":115_17. UC:"'. ef1u/~wc//cIf./"'lo see lhe GullrdiMllIke on Arizona 

The Uc'SD Guardian 

ETCETERA.· .. 

1 LOVE. ~ou 
WIT~ AI.LM':1 

I4E.ARI. 

BRIEFLY ••• 

UCSD to Host Theater Event 
The Department of Theatre and Dance will host the 

10th annual International Brecht Society Symposium. 
The event will be the largest celebration of the 100th 
birthday of Bertolt Brecht, who is widely regarded as 
one of the most influential German playwrights and 
directors of the 20th century. 

On Thursday, Robert Brustein, founder of the Yale 
Repertory Theater and artistic director of the American 
Repertory Theater in Cambridge, Mass., will deliver the 
opening Ileynote address at 5 p.m. in the Price Center 
Ballroom. 

• Happy Birthday, Brecht" - a production of excerpts 
of Brecht's poems, plays, letters and songs performed 
by actors and singers from UC Davis - will run from 
Thursday to Sunday at the Mandell Weiss Forum Studio. 
All performances are at 8 p.m. and tickets are $5 for 
students and $10 for general admission. Friday's per· 
formance is sold out. 

Running from Thursday through Sunday, the sympo-
sium will feature lectures, performances and film 
screenings. All panels and lectures are free and open to 
the public. For a complete listing of panels and presen-
ters, e-mail OJ. Hopkins at the Theatre department at 
dhopkins@popmail.ucsd.edu. 

u.s. Official to Discu .. BIlingual 
Education and Proposition 227 

Delia Pompa, director of the U.S. Department of 
Education Office of Bilingual and Minority Language 
Affairs, will present a talk on English-only initiatives and 

bilingual education at noon on Wednesday at the Centro 
Cultural in Balboa Park. 

The talk was arranged by the Clinton Administration 
and is sponsored by the UC linguistic Minority 
Research Institute and the Center for Research in Edu-
cation Equity, Assessment and Teaching Excellence 
(C.R.E .A.T.E.). 

For more information, call 534·1680. 

Deadline Extended for Education 
Abroad Program to Au.tralla . 

The deadline for participating in the UC Education 
Abroad Program (EAP) to Australia has been extended. 

Students participating in the program will be paired 
with foreign faculty and participate in the faculty mem-
ber's research. Activities may include work in avant-
garde laboratory facilities, field research or involvement 
in the final stages of reporting and publishing research 
findings . 

The program provides hands-on learning, academic 
guidance and professional mentorship. It is intended to 
enable students to be successful competitors in the 
increasingly international marketplace. 

EAP has been sending UC students to study in Aus-
tralia since 1981 and has academic exchange agree-
ments with 11 Australian universities. 

For more information, contact the Programs Abroad 
office at the International Center at 534·1123 or via e-
mail at abroad@ucsd.edu. 

GENEVIEVE cox. Features Edllor 
JESSICA SCHEPPMANN, Assoclale Fealures Edllor 

MEGAN KLEIN. Opinion Edilor 
_n: Karl Friedman. Daniel Muhlz 
COMPUTIR .-RT: Marcus lObllla 

JESSYCA WAUACE. Assoclale Opinion Edilor 
TRAVIS HtLL, Sporls Edllor 

JONAH NIS£NlGN, Co-Assoclale Sports Edllor 
KEVIN MclAUGHLIN, Co-Associ ale Sports Edllor 

ILONA FAIl, Co-HlaluS Edllor 
SCOTT YAGER, Co-HllJ/uS Editor 

CLAIRE SCHNEIDER, Photo Edllor 
BRENDAN CAHIlL, GrBphlcs Edllar 

WALT DICKINSON, Design Edllor 
NICK ItUNCO, Online Edilor 

ADVEIITlSlNG .... ITANT: Melody Gonzales 
CIIICUl.ATlOII ..... TANT.: Philip Goldman. Greg lillie . linne-Marie Ross. Eric 
Wood 

ANN BAREFIELD, Business Manager 
BROCK HALTER, AMrtlsl1lf MIJfI8Iler 

MtKE MAltTlNEZ, AMrllslng Arl Director 
JOE PAN, Adverllsl", Design & Layout 

JOHN BARBER, AMrllsl", Design & Layout 
Y\/ETTE ALCALA, AsslstlJflt Business MIIflBfer 

TERItY LEW, Edllor In Chief 
JONAH FREEDMAN. Co-MlJflllllllIf Edilor 

GRACE J .... Co-MllfllJlllIf Edilor 
TAamIA QRANSHAW. Cot:/)' Edllor 

MAlIC COMIR. Assoclete Cot:/)' Edilor 
JULIA K~, Co-NfIws Edllor 

1t'YIUI OUON, Co-News Edilor 

IDITOIIIAL AIIIITAIITI: Christina Sc:hrenk. Erika Snider 
News/ Features: 534-5226, General Editorial : 534-6581 

Opinion/Sports: 5346582, Hiatus: 534-6583 
AOvertlsirc Offtce : 534-3466, Fa~ : 534-7691 

e-mail : guarClianOucsd,eOU 

LIDIA lMANKAIt, Assocl.le N_s Edllor 

_ .... WIIITIIII: BIll Glanzmann. MiW ~ HiClllns. Jenny Nicholson Sean 
Rahim!. Anna IIaIsman. S_ W81S/1 
.,.... w.TIJII: Jeffrey 1IarI<er. Rachel Bare. Kers Carlos. Paul Oodae. Jacob 
Goroon. Vlncenl OtlCl'anl. IlaCIe June. Mill""" Kall.-skl. ~nnam Manthlram. 
Eran Maor. John Maynard. Elvin Plrlnc. Kavfts Sadans. Eve Senutv. Saul Sheo. 
dan. Sa<a Snyder. Quyen Tu. S . J .. an Wyaal. Violel vane 

~ ~':.tu. Andrew Chen. Usa Huff. MonIlia Kobyteclla, David 
~. J_ MuIdoon-Gomez. CMSlOIJheI SyMsler. K_a _ . Allison Wlltoa 

Guardian Online: http://_.ucsd.eOU/lluardian/ 
UCSD Guardian, 9500 Gilman Drive 0316, 

La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 
Acluollocll""', Second Floor. UCSO Student cenler Bull<lrnll ·A' . Rm. 217 

Tuesday, May 26, 1998 
t ' t 

PROTEST: 
Dynes to speak 
agajn on Thursday 
Continued from page 2 
hundreds behind you and UCSD 
would go down in history as saying 
no to raci sm." 

Ubilla later asked Dynes if Gin-
grich is aware of the response to hi s 
invitation to speak. 

In reply, Dynes sa id th at 
although he has not spoken to Gin-
grich, he would be "surprised" if 
Gingrich did not know about the 
reaction. 

Protesters warned Dynes that 
some people will make the com-
mencement unpleasant by protest-
ing Gingrich's presence. 

") hope that's not the case," 
Dynes said. "( hope they wi 11 treat 
him with the same respect as the 
President last year." 

Warren College Writing Pro-
gram senior learning skills coun-
selor Robert McDonell has been on 

CULTURE: 
Harris' commentary 
draws criticism 
Continued from page 1 
other possible," Harris said. 

Harris said that by disregarding 
the tenets of aestheticism and 
falling victim to corporate market-
ing strategies, gay men have failed 
to mai ntain their status as a sepa-
rate, salient political entity. 

According to Harris. mass cul-
ture 's "purification," or desexual-
ization, of distinctly gay com-
modities. including "diva worship, 

strike outside the administrator's 
complex for several weeks to 
protest Dynes ' invitation of Gin-
grich . 

According to McDonell , 
Dynes' invitation is a business deal 
to make UCSD look impressive. 

"You 're not a CEO; you're a 
chancellor, and I suggest you act 
like one." McDonell said. 

Revelle sophomore Jennifer 
Quinonez-Skinner tearfully said 
she was discouraged by Dynes' 
invitation. 

"I'm on academic probation; I 
cut class because I'm standing up 
for my people," Quinonez-Skinner 
said. "I'm not going to study in the 
library and hope to be a doctor or 
lawyer because it's nOl going to 
change the bigger power structure. 

"I'm pouring out my heart to 
you, but I'm insulted and hurt that 
you ' re not addressing my feel -
ings," she continued. 

Warren senior Rochelle Lakey. 
an AASU member, asked that Gin-
grich be uninvited. 

men 's underwear, pornography 
and AIDS kitsch," se rved to incor-
porate explicitly gay phenomena 
into mass culture, resulting in gay 
men losing their visibility as a 
subculture, or "ethnicity" as he 
labeled it. 

Many students said they inter-
preted the word "gay" within the _ 
context of the lecture's title, "The 
Rise and Fall of Gay Culture," as 
the blanket synonym for queer, 
expecting a broad discourse inclu-
sive of gays, lesbians. bi sexuals 
and transgendered individuals. 

Other students, including Muir 
senior Katrin Kl ei m, denounced 

BElOW R ~AIL 
1111 t 14 ! jeans. 

The UC.Sp Guardian 

"As a computer-science major, I 
busted my tail for five years," 
Lakey said. ") want La Jolin to rec-
ognize me as a graduate of this 
community. As soon as Newt Gin-
grich opens his mouth , I will leave. 
Doesn't it bother you that I won 't 
be at my own gmduation? Newt 
Gingrich is someone who feels that 
I don't exist." 

Dynes said he understood the 
concerns of the demonstrators, and 
he would be meeting with them on 
Thursday. 

Romo said there shou Id be stu-
dent referendum to vote on the all -
campus commencement. 

In response, Dynes said, "I'm 
thinking about it." 

As Dynes left to allend a 3 
o'clock meeting, a demonstrator 
said, "You just insulted our entire 
student population, especially peo-
ple of color." 

"Watch your back," another 
protester added. 

Senior Staff Writer Grace lang 
contribwed 10 this article. 

Harris for excluding women or 
people of color from what she 
labeled hi s largely e~oteric discus-
sion of gay culture. "as if nobody 
contri buted to gay culture except 
for upper-middle class white men." 

Several incensed students called 
for a more balanced forum which 
would give voice to both sides of the 
topic. 

Marshall junior Jih -Fei Chang 
said that "bringing on such a reac-
tionary speaker without inviting an 
opponent to that position was anti-
theti cal to the purpose of the 
forum : to promote a thorough 
understanding of the issue." 

FIND 
Roommates 

Tickets 

Cars 

Bikes 

Deals 

Rentals 

Stereos 

Surfboards 

sportswear and accessories for Girls AMD Guys 
4 DAYS ONLY! May 2a-May 31 

Auto Repair 

Sales 

From 105, 

ThuIS £ Fri 11-1, Sat £ Sun 10-6 

l 
8Z4-Z999·" 

..... ".r.b •••. c ... 
.nt on M" ...... Blvd 7 end tum left onto Comer 01 Top Gun .nd 

Jobs 

Computers 

and morebl 
lite ...... 
upstairs In the 
~tudent Center 

~the 
General Store. 

81% 

NEWS .3 

surfboards, bodyboards 
wetsuits, swimsuits 

clothing, skateboards 
snorkle gear, and more 

of citation revenues collected from faculty, staff, students, and visitors to UCSD 
are spent to support alternatives to the single occupant vehicle-(619) 534-RIDE 

J UCSD J parking.ucsd.t!du 
UNIVERSITY OF C~UFORNI~ SAN DIEGO TRANSPORTATION & PARKING SERVICES 

NOW ENROLLING: SAN DIEGO'S #1 COURSE FOR THE 

Serving the UCSD Rre·medical community since 1985 

* M.D.'s TRAINING M.D.'s-OF-THE-FUTURE * 
• INTENSIVE MeAT preparation & medi cal school application/ 

admissions assistance arc all we do-lI'e're /lot like lire otlrer guys! 
• MeAT EXPERTS: an independent program taught by UCSD-trained 

academic M.D.'s, top M.D.-Ph.D. candidates. & English Departmenl 
Ph.D. faculty. 

• ORIGINATOR of intensive MCAT I rep in San Diego 13 years ago! 
• 9 WEEKS (150+ hours) of detailed in-class i n s trli~ti on & real Me AT 

testing. problem solvi ng, reading/writing workshop;. review groups, 
med sehoul applica tion & admissions strategic, . & tutoring. 

• 2500 PAGES of ori gi nal take-home review note, . reading & writing 
, tudyguides, Me AT & admissions strategy hand ut . problem sets. & 
MeAT-quality timed practice exams. 

• REAL MCAT TESTING for in-class & lake-home practice. 
• DIRECT CONTACT with young UCSD docs & mcd students. 
• TUTORING, prc-med library & med choo l application help/ree! 

- -
• ON CAMPUS at the UCSD School of 
• 5250 LESS thJn other courses. 



4 OPINION The UCSD Guardian Tuesday, May 26, 1998 

PINION 
GUARDIAN READERS' FORUM 

AND 
Brendan Cahill/Guardian 

Gingrich's invitation to speak at this year's 
commencement is not, as Chancellor Dynes claims, 

about free speech - but merely an opportunity for the 
Speaker to promote his own agenda 

By Susan Davis and Dan Schiller 
Chancellor Dynes has linked his invitation to 

Rep. Newt Gingrich to speak at thi s year 's UCSD 
commencement to the issue of free speech, assening 
that the fairness and principles of open discussion 
arc at stake. Gingrich's appearance, goes t he argu-
ment, wi ll demonstrate that UCSD re mains "open to 
the expression of all points of view." We dispute thi s 
supposed linkage, and as communication scholars, 
we would like to speak to the free speech issues that 
it raises. 

Gingrich is one of the most vis ible and audible 
people ill American political life. He enjoys routine 
access to commercia l print and broadcast news 
media, as well as to C-SPA '. He meets with editors 
and summons journalists to m:ws conferences 0 11 a 
regular basis. Indeed, as we understand it , he himself 
demanded this forum at UCSD. 

Thus, the issue raised by the commenccment is 
not about making available a venue ror expression of 
dissident ur cunt roversia l views. Si nce Gingrich has 
no lack of outlet s for his thoug hts. the true question 
is: Why docs he wish to speak at CSO - and why 
now,! 

There arc several reasons. First , this is clearly a 
showcase for Gingrich 's presidential ambitions - in 
order to gain parity with Bill Clinton, Gingri ch needs 
to look "presidentia l. " Granting him this opportunity 
has nothing to do with open discussion and free 
speech, and nothing to do with " fairness" in any ordi-
nary sense. At best , "fairness" here may be a matter 
of placating powerful cC;lI1servative interest groups. 

More imponantly, the Gingrich address is an 
attempt to turn the ineffectual Clinton "Dialogue on 
Race" on its head, in order to position Gingrich as a 
torchbearer for the GOP's national anti-affirmative 
action program. This campaign is abou t continuing to 
slash away at social programs and federal supports 
for racial and gender equity - but it is also about 
mobili zing divisive attitudes as part of presidential 

and congressional politics. 
In the context of this campaign's effects in Cali-

fomia, Gingrich's commencement speech is a victo-
ry speech. It is an aggressive political tactic, aimed at 
celebrating policies that arc crippling affordable pub-
lic education, equal access and, for these reasons, 
also freedom of inquiry at the University of Califor-
nia. It offers encouragement to other such effort s 
around the country; for example, Governor George 
Pataki 's erforts to demoli h open admissions at the 
City University of New York . 

To justify this by reference to Gingrich's alleged 
concern for research is disingenuous at best, and at 
worst an evasion of the current crisis at UCSD. 

Gingrich himself has shown utter contempt for 
free and critical inquiry as, for example, in his cen -
sorship of public hi storical scholarship at the Smith-
sonian, 'hi s attacks on the National Endowment for 
the Arts and in hi s support for the repeal of the Fai r-
ness Doctrine in broadcasting. 

His sense of the va lues that should animate co ll ege 
instruction is directly evident in his usc of hi s office 
to promote a video course, "Renewing American Civ-
ilization," designed to recruit support for the goals of 
his party 's "Contract with America" program. 

We think it is time for a serious and criti cal public 
discussion of the connections between the rapid rise 
of tuition, th e assault on affirmative action and the 
vision of education pushed by Gingrich. We wonder 
where in the increasingly elite and corporately guid-
ed universi ty there is room for working and poor peo-
ple, for research and teaching that are not directed 
toward pri vate profit-making? 

Rather than giving Gingrich's campaign media 
exposure under the guise of "the airing of controver-
sy," UCSD could do something much more construc-
tive by initiating a wide-ranging and open di scuss ion 
of these issues. 

Tire autlrors ure pro/en·or.1" o/CommllnicationJ at 
UCSD. 

THE DEBATE GOES ON 
UCSD should view Gingrich's presence at the commencement as an honor and a rare 

opportunity to experience,jirst-hand, a different point of view 
By Wayne Llu and Brian Mullen 

We from the College Republi -
cans realize that many of UCSD's 
students and professors detest the 
fact that the Speaker of the Huuse 
will he delivering the comillence-
ment address . Gingrich -hater~ have 
called him "racist" and. in the illus-
trious words of the guy camped 
out~i(k the administration building, 
"the closes t thing we ha e to a fa s-
ci~t. " 

We find it interesting that ewt 
Gingridl and other conservati ves arc 
called fascist and racist becau~e thcy 
do not have similar vil!ws as liberals 
do about issues ~uch as affinnat ive 
action. Where is the acceptance of 
the other points of view'! 

Since day one of freshman year, 
we have heard that democracy 
functions be!>t when a diver~c set of 
viewpoints can be expressed. In 
laM year's address, President Clin-
ton , a liberal Democrat , spoke 

ahout di versity to the graduating 
student body. 

We respected Clinton 's pres-
ence, knew he would increase the 
recognition of UCSD on a national 
level, and sat in si lence while he 
r,lelivered his speech. None or the 
members or thc Co llege Repub li-
cans agreed with him, but we never 
disrespected him by causing trouble 
or lambasting him in the Guardial/. 

Keep in mi nd that , according to 
th.: C(ln~lItutiun, the Speaker of the 
House is third in line for the presi-
dency. The Speakership is the third 
-Illost powerful position in the coun-
try. UCSD should be honored to 
receive such a prominent political 
figure, just a year after the president 
visited. For good reason, UCSD's 
student body and facult y should be 
ecstatic that top lawmakers consid-
er this institution wonhy enough to 
travel across the country for and 
speak to the graduating seniors. 

We must also address the issue 
that the students never voted for 
Gingrich as cOlllmencement speak-
er. This is true. However, we do not 
recall casting a ballot for Clinton. 
Protesters argue that a vote was not 
in order because he represen tedt he 
viewpoin ts urmost of U SD 's stu -
dent body. Our convicti on IS that 
thi s is not necessarily true. 

We arc sure that Gingrich 's 
views arc not shared by SD's 
militant left-wing activists and by 
most of the professors hcre, but we 
cannot say that the majori ty of the 
student body actually cares about 
politics one way or another. This is 
apparent when one counts the num-
ber of people belongi ng to political 
organizations on campus - the 
number docs not eve n approach a 
majority of the student body. 

Nevenheless, even if Gingrich 
has different points of view about 
diversity, UCSD has taught its Mu-

dents to be open -minded and 
respect alternative points of view. 
Indeed, we must also consider the 
possibility that Gingrich will not 
mention the subject of diversity at 
all and instead concentrate on the 
deve lopment of sc ience and tech-
nology. Even you ardent Gingrich-
haters may leam and agree with 
some of hi s remarks . 

Still, to ca ll Gingrich an extrem-
ist docs him a great injustice. He is 
much more moderate than many 
believe him to he . The speaker is an 
animal enthm,iast, and h.: open ly 
advocates animal rights. In addi -
tion, Gingrich cannot he labe led 
unti-gay. Even thuught he does not 
approve of hi s lesbian si~ t er ' s 
lifestyle, he never stopped lovi ng 
her. Clearly. Gingrich is not riding 
on the extreme right wing on the 
politic:11 spectrum. 

We at the College RepUbli cans 
urge those of you who disdain the 

Speaker of the House to keep an 
open mind about the commence-
ment address. To be cenain . we 
conservatives have dealt with left-
wing viewpoints from professors 
and protesters throughout our 
tenure here at UCSD. We have sat 
in the classroom while professors 
ha ve used thei r courses to advance 
their own political ideology and 
agenda, while making a mockery of 
conservative values (i .e., those of 
the professors in the political sci -
ence, communicati on, hi story, third 
world studies, literature, D.O.C. 
depanments, e tc.) 

If we can tolerate these alterna-
tive points of view every day lor 
four years, we hope that all of you 
who disagree with Gingrich can 
return the favor and help make the 
graduation ceremony an enjoyable 
experience for everyone. 

TIre autlrors are lIIelllbers 0/ tire 
College Republicans. 

Tuesday, May 26, 1998 The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

COMMENTARY: Although conservatives have made the term "liberal" a derogatory one, it is really they who should be 
ashamed of their own laber, Conservatives are responsible for some for the most irrational, short-sighted policies today-

CONSERVATIVES CREATE MORE PROBLEMS THAN SOLUTIONS 
By Simone Santini 
Contributing Opinion Writer 

Once again, I saw a debate in 
which a conservative accu 'ed his 
opponent of being " liberal ," shout-
ing the word as if it were an insult. I 
have to credit the conservatives with 
having hammered thi s in enough to 
make it work - in the last few 
years. for some reason. people have 
become defensive when anybody 
labels them as liberals. 

Conservatives have succeeded 
in transforming the expression "lib-
eral" into an insult. Well. let me set 
the record straight. I am a liberal , 
and not only am 1 proud of it, 1 
think that "conservative" should be 
considered a four-Ieller word 
(a lthough, for lexical correctness, 
not literally so). 

1 will skip the obvious historical 
reasons - progressive people were 
in favor of universal suffrage, the 
Civil Right s Bill, desegregation 
and the minimum wage . Conserva-
tives were against all these things. 
If they had always had their way, 
women would not have the right to 
vote, "Negro" people wou ld still be 
required to s it at the back of the bus 
and drink from separate drinking 
fountains, and 10-year-o ld kids 
would work for $2 per hour. I fail 
to see how this goes to their merit. 

Conservatives managed to cre-
ate the closest approximation of a 
Soviet regime thi s country ever saw 
(in the form of McCarthy's Com -
mittee for Anti-American Acti vi -
ties). They managed to elect 
Richard Nixon (McCarthy 'S closest 
collaborator) to the White House-
the same Nixon whu used illegal, 
undercover operations to spy and 
demolish inconvenient opponents 
with well-orchestrated scandals. 

Conservatives excel in thi s 
practice and still , even after Water-
gate, a sizable fraction of the Amer-
ican public believes in them . On 
the ot her hand, they made a hero 
ou t of Ronald Reagan, who sold 
weapons to enemies of the United 
States and used the money to 
tinance terrorism. Quite astonish-
ing, if you come to think of it. 

Conservati ves propose laugh-
able economic theori es that might 
have worked in rural Massachu-
setts 200 years ago, but are certain-
ly not adequate for one of the most 
complex societies on the planet. 
Unfortunately, they tried to imple-
ment these theories 'in the Reagan 
years, and we are still paying the 
socia l consequences of that experi-
ment. 

Ruthless eco nomic doctrines 
and the axiom that the govemment 
should butt out of corporate busi-
nesses led to millions of people 
working for the minimum wage 
with no benefits, and to IS percent 
of the people in the west living 
below the poverty level. 

In no other civilized country is 
life so uncertain. In no other indus-
trialized country can a family be 
financially wiped out by a major 
illness. I admire (and pity at the 
same time) the people who are 
strong (or foolish?) enough to start 
a family in this situation we call 
American. We owe all this to con-
servative doctrines. 

Conservat i ves have a very 
skewed sense of morality, which 
they derive from the Bihle. For 
some reason , it is immoral to show 
a naked breast, but it is fine to have 
hOllleless children (as long as we 
get lax cuts for the wealthy). It is 
imllloral to say the "P ' word on 

MOTOROLA 
BRAVO PLUS 

MOTOROlA 
BRAVOR.}( M01OAOLA EXPRESSXTRA 1 ()..message memory • Alarm 

16-message memory • Time st¥np • Time: & date stamp · 5 muslCI!I! alert $3499 2O.fT1<SS09< ""'fT1OIY • ""'" & wtt sttrTlp • 7 mUSical alertS -ARm $5~ 
All pnces ICC tude actlvaUOO, i month,' trn: SG1Ikc; two years ftee vooce mall, unhmlted paging, and 

Southern California, Phoenix and Las VClJas cOYCfage. Some restrictIOnS apply 
ACTIVATE YOUR PRE-OWNED PAGER $389 Oncyow .n"r"'PI<pI>d two yo.. $699 Includes 2 months·s<MCe. twoy.", ' fret: 'YOICt: mati m ,," actNauon tru ...oct: matI and tru actrvatlOO 

2 YEARS FREE VOtCEMAIL ON ANY ACTIVATION ! 
PAGE Jt:EE 

5591-8 Claircmont Mesa Blvd. (In Madison Square Shopping Center) 619/268-9898 
..... ondal thru Frida, 10 00 am to 6 00 pm· SlIUfday 11 00 amla l 00 pm· Visa M.Utr(,rd "'mtllc.n Exortu Ot~(o ... er 

New customers only MUst oreu:n, ad 01"") DUllt: bltl/98 

I··UCSO 
It....J. -"--tl LL !.littaa. 10 r 

w : mm a: , .. I ~ 
* 

.. 

• ~ It---NOb.t • CI a: 

OPEN 7 DAYS • ALL SOFT CLOTH WASH 
SHELL GASOLINE & DIESEL AT COMPETITIVE PRICES 

---------~------------~ 
FullServlce $1:99 I 

(05\ ~~~Ie 1~~]2r J _~'" l 
I V E RD Not valid With any other on r. S~v£ I 
I C \{ W\<,t t EKpires 6115198 $5.01 \ 

~----------------- ______ I 

Conservatives 
champion "family 
values" but, at the 
same time, promote 
an economic and 
value system that 
force parents to 
work 12-hours-a-day 
without vacations 
and to be constantly 
under stress -
making It Impossible 
to have a family life 
of any reasonable 
quality. 
TV, but it is fine to have under-
funded schools in the inner cities. 

Their sense of morality, unfortu-
nately, tell s them nothing about 
.:ontempt for violence. I think Jack 
Nicholson once sa id "In this coun-
try, if you kiss a hreast, the film is 
rated X, if you lop it off, it is rated 
R." It seems that if- instead of a 
breast, you chop off a head. the 
tilm might make it to PG- D. 

The rei igious views of most 
conservatives arc fundamentalist. 

Although I am an agnostic, I used 
to go to church when I was young, 
and the basketball court of the 
priest was my favorite hangout. 
Nothing could be farther from the 
intolerant . fanatic morality 
preachcd hy conservativcs than the 
education to human understanding 
and compass ion I received in those 
afternoons. The Catholic Church 
has always condemned homosexu-
ality, but I am pretty sure that, had 
I dared to say that homosexuals 
will go to hell, the good priest 
would have beaten me silly 
(metaphorically. of course). 

1 can't see any of these compas-
' ionate, moral views in the intoler-
ant, conservative religious doc-
trines . While adherence to the 
Christian theologiL:al system is ulti -
mately a mailer of personal choice. 
the endorsement of fundamentalist 
moral views by a large fract ion of 
the population is a serious soc ial 
problem. 

Conservatives champion "('ami-
Iy values" but , at the same time, 
promote an economic and value 
system that force parent s to work 
12-hours-a-day without vacations 
and to he constantly under stress, 
- making it impossible to have a 
family lifc of any reasonable quali-
ty. If the parents want to send their 
children to college, the workload 
and the strl!ss arc even greater. I 
can't think of anything that con-
tributes more to the breakdown of 
the American family and suciety. 

Conservatives promote an edu-
cational sys tem whose purpose 
seems to be 10 throw the weaker 
and more troubled kids out of 
sc hools - precisely the students 
who would need the guidance 
schuol provides. This is a perfect 

system to manufacture criminals 
and to widen the gap between the 
"haves" and the "have-nots" in the 
future generations. This is a recipe 
for social disaster. 

Conservatives seem very both-
ered by any form of puhlic spend-
ing that goes toward supporting the 
scores of unfortunates that arc the 
inevitable result of their policies. 
At the same time, they weiL:ome 
any increase in military spending. 
A lot or this money goes into devel-
oping "intelligent" weapons that -
by admission of the military them-
selves - proved not much beller 
than cheaper traditional weapons. 
All that money was wasted. 

In the present post-Cold War sit-
uation, it is also hard to visualize 
any tactical or strategic need for 
such high-tech weapons. Consider-
ing that Congress adamantly refus-
es to place U.S. troops under U.N. 
command for peacekeeping opera-
tions, I can only suppose that all the 
new weapons will be used in case 
Canada attacks. Watch out, Canadi-

I 
ans, we are ready! 

In short, I can't remember a sin-
gle instance in which conservatives 
took on a relevant issue, analyzed it 
systematically and proposed and 
endorsed rational solutions, debat-
ing in public their short-term and 
long-term impacts. They seem to 
lack any fonn of vision, and any 
capacity to consider the impact of 
their doctrine on a complex society. 

On the other hand, they are very 
good at exploiting ociety's fears 
and anger to gather votes. 1 guess I 
l;ould tell this to conservatives 
whcn they call me "liberal," trying 
to make me feel guilty about it. 
Instcad, I will just sit baL:k and 
'mile wickedly at them. 

LSAT Perfection 
Robin Singh, the creator and author of the TestMasters LSAT Course, has 
achieved more perfect scores on the LSA T than anyone else in history. 

Robin Singh's Complete LSAT Score Record 

Date Score % Date Score 0/0 
Rank Rank 

February 1997 180 99 June 1994 178 99 
December 1996 180 99 February 1994 173 99 
October 1996 179 99 December 1993 177 99 
June 1996 174 99 December 1992 180 99 
December 1995 180 99 October 1992 176 99 
September 1995 180 99 June J 992 177 99 
June 1995 173 99 February 1992 178 99 
February 1995 178 99 December 1991 173 99 
October 1994 180 99 December 1988 48 99 
'The tabte above is. comptete record or Robin', ..."... on a<tual !.SAT adminllll1lllOllJ. All orlheoe admUliolrationo were ocored on the 
turTenl LSAT ocale orJ 20 to 180, With the exoeptJon or the December 1988 !.SAT, which wu .. ored on the old LSAT ... Ie or 101048. 

Since 1991 thousands QfTestMasters students have increased their LSAT scores 
by applying the powerful methods and techniques that Robin has developed. 

TestMasters 
1-800-696-5728 



6 OPINION The UCSD Guardian Tuesday, May 26, 1998 

'CHOOSING' TO DENY ONE'S SEXUALITY IS UNHEALTHY 
Editor: 

This leiter is a response to Dana 
Zurek's letter in opposition to the' 
proposed LGBT Resource Center 
("Homosexuality is a 'Lifestyle 
Choice,'" May 21, Guardian). I am 
a transgendered person and a mem-
ber of the Chancellor'S Advisory 
Commillee on Lesbian, Gay, 
Bisexual and Transgender Issues 
(CACLGBTI), whose function is to 
draft a proposal for the Center. 

Zurek states that it is always 
possible to alter one's lifestyle, no 
matter how "difficult the alter-
ation" would be. I agree. However, 
where Zurek u es the word "homo-
sexual" to refer to someone who 
"lives a homosexual lifestyle," I use 
the word "LGBT' to refer to a per-
son for whom not living in sUl:h a 
way as to honor the true self would 
be extremely "difficult ," whether or 
not they are actually living an 
LGBT "lifestyle." 

My disagreement with Zurek 
centers around the question of 
whether LGBT people ought to be 
able to create a center which facili -
tates an LGST lifestyle. 

I would like readers to consider 

what kind of "difficulty" is 
involved in choosing to deny one-
se lf a path which makes one's iden-
tity unidentifiable to oneself. Since 
I doubt Zurek has any idea what it 
is like to live with gender dyspho-
ria, let me illustrate with my own 
story. 

Gender dysphoria is a feeling of 
extreme cognitive di ssonance 
involving one 's societall y assigned 
gender role. I myse lf was expected 
to be a woman. So profound was 
my disturbance around my gender 
in my teenage years that I was told 
I was schizophrenic. Suicidal on a 
daily basis, I nevertheless had with-
in me the will to survive. For the 
fir t decade of my adult life, there-
fore, I took "functioning" as my 
main mission. I had learned the 
hard way that I had to present some 
coherent, gendered persona to the 
world in order to escape commit-
ment. 

Just over a year ago, I had by all 
external standards be\:ome a com-
plete success. People told me that I 
was a very attractive woman . I was 
engaged to be married to a medical 
student who is also a wonderful, 

Letters t~g Editor 
The Guardian welcomes letters from 
its readers. All letters must be no 
longer than three pages, typed, dou· 
ble-spaced and signed. Letters must 
also contain a phone number. We 
reserve the right to edit for length 
and clarity. Letters may be dropped 
off at the Guardian office on the 
second floor of the Old Student Cen· 
ter. Send all letters to : 

The Guardian 
Opinion Editor 

9500 Gilman Dr. 0316 
La Jolla, CA 92093·0316 

Fax: (619) 534·7691 
e-mail: guardian@ucsd.edu 

gentle man. I was enro ll ed in a 
Ph.D. program in philosophy, a dis-
cipline I love. However, inside, I 
still felt broken, completely lading 
a personal identity. I tried to allevi -

ate the dishonesty I felt about 
"being a fraud" by telling those I 
was close to that I "didn't have a 
conscience." I didn' t know how 
else to express it. 

When I came out as transgen-
dered butch (ask me more), it was 
like being struck by lightning. For 
the first time, I feel normal and 
whole. I have a se lf. What 's more, I 
no longer expend vast amounts of 
energy perpetuating a lie just for 
the sake of making others comfort-
able. 

So, do I have a choice about my 
lifestyle'! Yes. r am choosing to live 
my life as genuinely as I can. Do I 
need help? Yes. As a member of a 
tiny and invisible minority, I need 
the social and cultural affinnation 
that othcr people get merely by talk-
ing to classmates, reading main-
stream magazines and watching 
television. I need to bond with those 
who can understand me and I need 
to read books so that 1 can reflect on 
the meaning of my life. Just like 
you, l need to see myse lf renected in 
other people just to tay sane. 

I hope I've convinced you that, 
contrary to what Zurek says, one's 

9 out of 10 Kaplan 
students get into one 

of their top-choice 
law schools~ 

Competition for law school is tough and your LSAT score can make all 
the difference. That's why you need to take Kaplan. For 60 years, 

we've helped more students get into law school than all other test prep 
companies combined. That's why we're the #1 choice for LSAT prep. 

ClaSS starts 
June 6, ,I' 

cal' to £nro · 
KAPLAN' 

1-800-KAP-TEST 
www.kaplan.com 

'U'''T .. . ,.... ... ~" .. t.wliclhocll ~MDM CeIMDf 
tt ... ""'...,O""""~ .. 

To study anywhere in the U.S., call us or visit our web site. 

LGST status is a bit more central to 
one's being - and one 's well being 
- than a pass ion for "Star Trek." 

Eric Peterson 

Personal PreJudice. 
De.troy Opportunity 
Editor: 

I would like to take this oppor-
tunity to respond to Dana Zurek 's 
arguments against having an LGBT 
Resource Center ("Homosexuality 
is a 'Lifestyle Choice,'" May 21, 
Guardian). Dana has three main 
oppositions to the Resource Center, 
and I'd like to address each one. 

First, Dana claims that "the pro-
posed center is not necessary 
because homosexuality is a 
choice." This is under debate by 
both homosexuals and heterosexu-
al s alike, but what I say is support -
ed in a large part by the homosexu-
al community. Dana goes on to 
state that it is always possible to 
alter one's lifes tyle. This latter 
statement is absolutely true - one 
can always alter one's lifestyle. 
However, I would like to differenti-
ate between homosexuality and a 
homosexual lifestyle. 

Having instincts and drives is 
not a choice, it's part of being 
human. Acting on these instincts is 
a choice. I cannot choose whether 
to be hungry, but I can choose to 
eat. I can't choose to be sexually 
attracted to someone, but I can 
choose to have sex with them. Does 
Dana claim Ihat his or her aUrac-
tion 10 the opposi te sex is a choice? 
Hardly. Being gay is not a choice. 
Why would someone choose a life 
of pain and rejection by sociely '! 
Why are hOJ11osex ual teenagers 
three times more likely to commit 
suicide than their heterosexual 
counterparts? . 

Gay men and women can 
choose to ignore their instincts and 
live their lives forcing themselves 
to think of themselves as "straight ," 
but at great cost to their own psy-
chological health and self-esteem. 
This is precisely why we need a 
resource center. Gay and straight 
people alike need to recognize that 
heterosexuality is not the only valid 
and healthy sexual orientation. 

Dana's second point is that stu-
dents should not have to pay for 
this center because having a center 
is against his or her personal and 
religious views. Having a Women's 
Center is against many religious 
and cultural beliefs that women 
should be subservient and personal 
beliefs that say women should be 
home, barefoot and pregnant. On 
that point, many cultures and reli -
gion also reject outside cultures, 
especially ones that do not follow 
their own personal belief system. 

However, we as a university, are 
dedicated to diversity and multicul -
turalism, not ethnocentrism and 
sexual chauvinism. As students of a 
university, we should not let our 
own personal prejudices destroy 
thi s ~etting of diversity. Thus, the 
fact that Dana has a religious and 
personal beli ef to reject homo 'exu-
ality is not valid . 

Dana's third opposition points 
out that the fact that other UC cam-
puses have a LGBT Resource Center 
is nOI a valid argument for having 
one. I completely agree thattmdit ion 
is not inherently right, but at the 
same time, we cann t bury our heads 
in the sand and ignore the progn:~s 
of ~ocic t y j U~1 bccau~e it docs not 
foll ow our traditional va lue~. 

Andrew Moran 

Tuesday, May 26, 1998 The UCSD Guardian NEWS 7 

the prisoners out of the aircraft ." PANEL: Former 
military officer 
recounts abuses 

them, a fair torrent of classified doc-
uments which will help historians 
and academics understand what has 
been a dark and relatively un-illumi-
nated chapter in American policy." 

According to Doyle, Bishop 
Juan Gerardi Conedera, who was 
recently assassi nated, released a 
report of statistics and oral testi-
monies of the effects of military 
oppression in Guatemala. The orga-
nization REMI gathered the infor-
mation from throughoul the COUIl-

DELTA G come Irs 
Continued from pale 1 
were continually walking in and 
out [of Guatemala)." Harbury said . 
"Alpirez got $44,000 the same 
month he was seen bending over 
the torture table. 

"Now the CIA says that wasn ' t 
for torturing [Velasquez), that was 
really just for something else - it 
was severance pay, I think - and 
my answer to that is, 'Tell it to the 
jury when we' re in court in Was h-
ington, '" Harbury added. 

In March 1996, Harbury Iiled 
suit in the U.S. Distri ct Court in 
Washington alleging that the CIA 
deliberately deceived her about her 
husband 's whereabouts. 

Tim Weiner, a national security 
correspondent for the New York 
Times who was also a panelist at 
the conference, said that in 1995, 
he helped Harbury recover infor-
mation from the government about 
her husband 's disappearance. 

Weiner said Harbury 's quest has 
innuenced Ihe future of human 
rights, and has revealed the degree 
to wh ich governments cooperate 
with oppressors worldwide. 

Weiner also said that State 
Department official Richard Nuc-
cio helped Harbury by publicly 
revealing top secret informati on 
regarding CIA operations. 

"People understand that now in a 
way that they could not before, 
before Jennifer began her hunger 
strikes and before Rick Nuccio 
decided to speak up," Weiner sa id. 
"As a consequence of this embar-
rassment, they actua lly let loose, for 

As a consequence of Harbury 's 
story, Weiner said the CIA severed 
ties with 100 f orei!,'Tl agents around 
the world, more than half of whom 
were In Latin 
America. These 
ac tions were based 
on the premi se that 
the violence and 
corru pt ion 0 f these 
informers far out-
weighed the benefit 
the information 
supplied. 

Currentl y, inde-
pendent organiza-
tions have bee n 
co ll aborating 10 
gather information 
about the violations 
of human rights in 
Guatemala. 

Paneli st Kate 

"Now the CIA 
says that 
wasn't for 
torturing 
[Velasquez], 
that was really 
Just for 
something else 
-It was 
severance pay, I 
think - and my 
answer to that 
Is, 'Ten It to the 
Jury when we're 

try. Doyle quoted 
interviews from the 
report, including 
one of a fonner mi 1-
itary officer who 
had participated in 
human rights abus-
es. 

"They took the 
lillie boy away 
from her and all of 
them raped her in a 
huge gang rape," 
Doyle read. " Later, 
I told them to kill 
the woman before 
killing her son so 
that she wouldn ' t 
feel so bad about 
the death o f her Doyle, direc tor of 

the Guatemalan 
Doc um c nt a ti o n 
Projec t of the 
National Security 
Archi ves, helped 
Harbury by work-

son." 
In court In Doy le also said 
Washington.'" that even in li ght of 

_ Jennifer Harbury Herardi 's assassina-
Human Rights Activist ti on, people will 

continue 10 investi-
ing toward the declassifi cation of 
government documents and obtain-
ing the ones relevant to her case. 
Her efforts in acquiring such infor-
mation have shed light on what 
might have happened to Velasquez. 

"One technique used to remove 
insurgents .. . was to throw Ihem out 
of aircraft over the ocean," Doyle 
said. "The pilots were instructed to' 
ny 30 minutes off the coast of 
Guatemala and push the bodies and 

gate human rights abuses. 
"In Guatemala, of course, 

inquiries like thi s carry a price -
and in fact , I think the assassination 
of Bishop Gerardi, who was one of 
the people who oversaw the protec-
tion of this remarkable project, was 
one of the prices Guatemalans 
paid," said Doyle. 

"But this exhumation process 
lof uppressed information) con-
venes nevenheless," Do Ie added. 

Overseas Auto aooss Mi ....... Rd. 15 
* 

I 12 .. 1_, 
Q fi'tIII 

Mlllon., Rd. 

SERVING yeSO FOR 17 YEARS ••• 
................. t ... Exc"""t "f"",clI$ f""" sstlsfled custDmlf'S! 

I Minor Tune Up Brake Job Special ISpecial Reg. SlO I OUf tune up Includes II lot more I Front or resr. Brske Job Includes: 
then others. n includes: 11. Install flOllt pads or rear shoes _I 

I t. NEW Sparl< plugs 7. Check brakes I 2. Drain old brake fluid • 
I 

2. Check Dislributor poinls 8. Check clutch 13. lnspecl hylllaulic syslem I 
3. Check DiSlributor 9. Check lights I 4. Relill hydlaulic lIuid : ' , • 

I 
condensor to. Check undelcalriage 15. Bleed brake syslem • I 

4. AdjuSlliming for damage I 6. Adjust Ilonl (if shoes) and lear shoes 
5 Check and lepleniSh 11 Check COOling syslem I 17. Road lest .J 

Tina 

(our~ney 
Amy Ma~u~"hW'.~ h 

5 X 7 • $21 permo. 
5 X 8 • $23 permo. 

With student 1.0. No security deposit. 
No admin. fee . Upstairs units . Other sizes 
available. Outdoor car storage available. 

Sexually Transmissible 'nfel'liollS. 
HIV UI/plal/lled preglla l/cy. You ('(I1I' l el'e ll 

begill 10 imoginl' IIOW l ife would be wilh allY of Ihem. 
. D OII ' I la ke Ihal chal/ce . Prel '!'111 il [1'0 11/ happenillg 10 YO /I . 

It' s VOl!/' lire YOII/' resoonsibility 2417 

can changa I . alllluid and Oil levels & hoses ... - -;: • ;::lJ'iiiiil! L:;A!:t::a:! _ .!=::. _.J FR '1 ..... U . raS:poiiit-M'8,jor seniice ~f'= . .;.:',: .. ; 
I Special Oil I 
lEx". for fIWllnjected c.rs. Our m.jor .ervlce/nclud .. : Rev. 5150 I Change I t.NewS91~!liJ9s 12. Aqu~dweII.fl9Ie 24.1ubel,onUnd I 
I 2. Ntw AI file< 11 Aqu~ ta/1)U1tlor 2S.Clleck for Ioost nuts & bolls I & 3. Nt. 01 hie, 14. Aqu1Iar~.,.fueI'.I"rrutur. 26.Cnock ilglls I 20 po".nt I 
I !.CIlange engm 011 IS. Check stee"ng 27. Check uMerca.nage lor daINgrt I . 5 Ntw luel hi" Ii. Clleck cJutch 28. Cllecklll<l,ocharoebatt.~~_ I Safety Check I 

6. CIleek tlSlnblrlor poonls 17. All"" ch.1ch 29. RoIalllfOI l' _ I 
1 7. Chockdlsl11bo1OlConderlSOl 18.Clleckbtms 30. ChecklKlp'elSUle I Spec·.al I 

8. Com!lreslIOIIlesl 19.Ad!III btakes 31. Lube door hrnges I 
1 9. 'hive ""us""''' ~ ....... , ~. All'" emergency trake 32. Chock II hoIdert 10. Ntw valve CO¥er gasket 21. Cheek & replen<sh II Hu~ leYeis 33. Check cooing system' hoses I I 
I I"'" _ I 22. Clleck and • exposed beb ~. Check unaust system I II . Adiusl hmrng 23. Clleck eloctrcalluset 35. Road I'~ 1 I U 
1 Hole; Ext" lor 6-cyllndel, Ikyltnder, encll*1lnum plUgII. .J ... 
... _------------ $79* r:------~r:-----CompleteClutch Job " • I Timing Belt I,. New pressure plale 4. New Pilot Bea~.. Special 

2. New Clutch Disk 5. Change transmossoon oW I ~ 13. New Throwout bealing 6.Road lest - - - - -
""'.;..,..._ .... ""'<-. .... ""4WD.'""" .J We do extended warranty 

L: ..... drtftutra. Lra nnu t 
- - - - - - - - 15, 30, 45, \IV, 75, & ,7Vn sent ce 

;;;t;,~;;.;·t:;~d . Expires 6®'8+~ 6 10% OFF LABOR 
engine •. An our work hll UeSD st dents* * :!iC~::~~~CM tor u! ~ Mu~ KJ Inctude pIrII Ind llbor, 
8008.3 Miramar Road. ____ C=.8=1;.:..1 .:.:fo:.:.r..;;;a~n..;;a~~I;,;,;n;,;,;tme--::-n-:-t:-n_o_w_I--. 

695~ 1 990 .. ~"i~~i.5PnL , ' 

• 

any~qu8stions7 
Rcdccm Ihl> COOporl al yoor neXi appo.nlmcnt rOI OIIC of IM« lIem" 

• Fn:c Prtgnancy Tesling Coun""IIn& 
, 2 Dozen F ... Coodoms • 2 Monlh, FICtl Binh Conlrol 

• 10% 01T IIIV & STile lina 
Euh.de Pte-nll.l.nd "bonK". SenoICfl 

Off(:1 ,ood for new I»ltenl\ ooly Ellplm 6130/98 



8 CALENDAR The UCSD Guardian 
Tuesday, May 26, 1998 

tHE WEEKL~ CALEnDAr 
Academic Services 

Ongoing 
• Is the Subj9CI A edl11 making you crazy? Well do some· 
thing about it. The OASIS Writing Pr09rlmoffers work-
shops that will prepare you for the Subject A exam. Visn us 
on the third floor of Center Hall or call 534-7707 for more 
information. 
• Remember when school used to be fun? Well ~ can be 
again. The OASIS Writing Progrlm oHers one-to-one 
writing conferences for UCSD undergraduates. Daily hours 
of operation are Monday through Friday from 9:00 am to 
4:00pm on the third floor of Center Hall. Call 534-7707 to 
schedule an appointment. 
• Does school get in the way of your social hfe? Well it 
shouldn't . The OASIS Writing Program offers weekly 
workshops to enhance your time management and study 
skills. Visit us on the third floor of Center Hall or call 534-
7707 for more information. 
• The OASIS llnguage Program is now scheduling ap· 
pointments for Spring quarter weeks 2- I O. Monday-Friday 
from 9am-4pm. There are services in Spanish, French. ESL. 
as well as content and compos~ion sessions for a wide 
range of courses. Workshops and individual conferences 
are available. appointments are necessary. 534-1477 or 
534-7707. Located in Cenler Hall. 3rd floor. 
• OASfS Writing Progrlm Study Strategies Work.hop: 
Week 5 "How to Read Effectively". Week 6 "Note Taking". 
Week 7 "How to S1udy for Exams". Week 8 "Motivation". 
Week 9 "Breaking Studying mythS". Every Tuesday from 
6-Bpm at OASIS. 3rd floor Center Hall. 

Health & Fitness 
Ongoing 

• Individual Fi1ne .. A ..... ment· at RIMAC every Mon 
& Wed. 5-8pm. No appointment needed- walk in to the 
Wellness Room. 2nd floor. A FREE student service pro· 
vided by Student Health Advocatesl Call 534-2419 for more 
info! 
• HEADACHESI1! Who needs 'em? Visit the Headache 
Clinic at Student Health and get helpl No charge to regis-
tered students. Call 534-8089 for your appointment. 
• Student Heafth is here for VOUI We're a full service clinic 
open to ALL registered students. Vou don't need heahh 
insurance to use our servicesl Appointments for physician 
visits and specialty clinics· call 534-8089. Walk in to Ur· 
gent Care weekdays Bam-4:30pm. (Wed. 9-4:3Opm) 
• Emergency Contraception, annual exams, STD tests. 
pregnancy tests. birth control prescriplions, & health edu· 
cation - atl at Women's Ctinic. Student Health. Call 534-
0089 lor appl. Completety contklenllal - alwayst 
• F,.. Chole.'erof Tilling at Student Health - sign up at 
the first f'?Or bulletin board for your appointment. 
• Don't Go In lhe Oceln! At leasl nol until you've had your 
HepatitiS A shotsl If you surf or swim in the ocean. con-
sider immunizations 10 protect your health. Two shots· 6 
months apart· $50 each. Walk in to Student Health M-F 8-
II am; Wed. 9-11am. 
• GET PUBLISHED! Health Beat is a student publication 
focusing on health issues. New staff for 98-99 year are 
being recruited! Articles now being accepted - call Anna at 
534-1824. 
• Student Health Advocate provide Peer Education Pro-
grim. on Nutrition. HIV, Fitness, Stress & other topics - at 
your res hall or student org meetings! Call 534-2419 for 
info on these FREE programsl 
• Low Co.t Pharmacy· Over-the-counter ~ems (cold medi· 
cines, antacids, bandaids, vitamins. skin care products. 
sunscreen. contraceptive products, contaCllens products, 
etc.) all at discount pricesl Located in the first floor of Stu-
dent Health. Open M-F Bern-4:30pm. Wed. 9am-4:JOpm. 
• Attention all Southeasl Asian Women 18+: Get a free 
bone acan, calcium .upllement., and information to-
day! Check to see how strong your bones are and find out 
your risk for osteoporosis. For Info call UCSD Osteoporo-
sis Program (6f9) 657-6672 

Clubs & Meetings 
Tuesday, Mey 26 

• Int'! Clli> is having Tapl. Night (Authentic Spanish cui· 
sine prepared by highly acclaimed chefsl) Location: Inr 
Center Dining Room. 6:30pm. 

Thursday, Mey 28 
• Nlkkllt Student Union General meeting. TIme for EIec· 
tion.! Come W YOU're Interested in running in NSU next 
year. San Francisco! Santa Cruz conference rooms in Price 
Center. 8:30pm. 

. Monday, June 1 
• Reven Students: Become a One-on One volunteer to in· 
coming freshmen. Mentor and help new Revelle students 
make their transition into UCSD much easier. Mandatory 
Informalional meeling al Revelle Conference Rm. C. 4 pm. 
For more info call 534-1580. 

Ongoing 
'L •• blln, Gay, BII •• UII, Trlnlgender Alloelltlon 
meets every Monday at 7pm in the Graduate Associalion 
(next to A.S. Leclure Notes). Or stop by and say hi when 
our office door is open (above Soft Reserves). Come out 
and meet great peoplel ALL are welcomel • 
• AASU(Alrican American Student Union) general body 
meetings every Monday at Cross Cultural Center 6-Bpm. 
Everyone is welcomell For more infor stop by AASU office 
behind Pulse in Price Cenler or call 534-2499 
'l.IIbIan and BI ... ual Women'. Group. Come share 
and explore women orienled Issues In a safe and support-
ive _"onmentl We meet every Tuesday from 7-8:3Opm 
It 1118 Womens Cerner, Building 407. Sponsored by Psych 
and Counseling ServIces. For mole Info cal 534-3755. 

knowiegable person. Muhammed Nasser. Last thirty min-
utes are left for questions and discussion. Everybody IS 
welcome . Sponsored by Muslim Student Association at 
UCSD. 

Photo by Oave Lubitz 

• Checkmlll Chell Club meetings at Pepper Canyon 
Lodge every Wednesday from 5:30-7:00pm and Saturday 
from 3-5pm. Come play. All skill levels invited. The only 
thing you need to bring is yourselfl 
• Undergraduate GIY .nd BI •• llu.t Men'. Support 
Group meets every Wednesday 7-8 :30pm in the 
Internatiopnal Center Conference Room. M informal drop-
in. safe and supportive peer environment where guys can 
ask questions and discuss issues. Sponsored by Psycho-
logical and Counseling Services 534-3755 
• lAG meets every Monday. Topics. speakers. discussions 
on current international events! issues. Free refreshments 
served starting at 7:30pm in PC lodge in ERC. 
• Ever wondered what it was like to work with the U.N. to 
help solve international problems? If so. join the Model 
Union Club here on campusl Meetings are Wednesdays 
at 7pm in Price Center Gallery A. For more info, call Der-
rick at 638-7767 or Chaya at 638-1735. 

Religious Services 
Ongoing 

• Cltholic M .... A shorter. more reflective celebration than 
on Sunday. At University Lutheran Church (9595 La Jolla 
Shores Dr.- across from Revelle Campus). Tuesdays at 
5pm 
• Clndlellght MIII_ A reflective and medilative Catholic 
celebration at midweek. AI University Lutheran Church 
(9595 La Jolla Shores Dr.· across from Revefle Campus). 
Wednesdays at 9:30pm , 
• Clthollc M .... A shorter, more reflective oalebration than 
on Sunday. AI University Lutheran Church (9595 La Jolla 
Shores Dr.- across from Revelle Campus). Thursdays at 
5pm. 
• Thursday Student Dln .. r_ Join the Cathofic Student 
Community's weekly gathering at Spm . Good food. good 
company, lively conversation. Only $2. At University 
Lutheran Church (9595 La Jolla Shores Dr.- across from 
Revelle Campus). 
• Catholic M .... Join us for a lively and faith· filled cel-
ebration of word and Eucharist Sundays at 8:15am; 5pm; 
7pm; 9pm. (May 24 and June 7 have special times and 
sites.) At University Lutheran Church (95?5 La Jolla Shores 
Dr.- across from Reve"e Campus) . 

Services & Workshops 
Tuesday, ~ay 26 

• "Financial Consu~ations ." Complementary haff·hour in-
dividual consultations wnh reps from MLL Investors. Call 
to register for a IIIne slot. Consultations will be at the 
Women's Center. from noon-2pm. 

Frldey, May 29-Seturday, May 30 
• Volunteer. needed lor UCSD calll* support group_ 
UCSO's Thrivef'l Network, a community-based non·prof~ 
organlztltion serving cancer patients and their famiNes, win 
conduct a two-Clay trtlining seminar for interesled volun-
teers on Fridey. May 29 from 5:30-8:30pm. and Saturday. 
May 30 from 9am 10 3pm at the Thriver's Network office. 
t 28 Montecito WlY. San Diego. The training is free and 
jncIucIes dinner on Friday and breakfast and lunch on Sat· 
urday. For more Info, directions, and to enroll call Amy 
PicUII al 29H394_ 

Ongoing 
• A.Jan.AIMrtcIn ~ Forum: This inlormatdrop-
in group Is designed to ICIdresa the concerns of AllilnlPa· 

• Qur'1II1c IMI •• Ivery. Wednesday 7:3O-8:3Opm .It cific Islander student. It UCSO in • supportive end prob-
Cro .. Cuflurll Center. Our Ink: chapters are read end ill- \em.soMng atmosphere fuues such u career end lea· 
lerpreted in English. The milling is led by I vlry ~\ fll!llly p;.. ..... , cufturBl Identity, and re· 

'o' '. '. '. • , . .. j\oIItbII ~:F'MI"..10 bI1ng.yw~ 

Led by Jeanne Manese, 534-3035, John Wu. 534-1579. 
Meets Fridays. 12:00 to 1:JOp.m., Cross Cultural Center. 
510 UC (near Office of Grad. Siudies and Vis . Arts Btdg.) 

• Lltlno/Chlclno Support 
Group: Family. parents, econom-
ics. friends. relationships. culture· 
all the above are themes that are 
explored toward the goal of gradu-
ation from UCSD. Wednesdays. 
2:30 to 4:30p .m .. Half Dome 
Lounge. Muir College . Led by 
Reina Juarez. 534-3875 and Dan 
Munoz. 534-0251. 
• Campul BlICk Forum: Campus 
Black Forum is an Informal gath-
ering where we Invite open diSCUS· 
sion and exchange ideas. gripes. 
accomplishments . questions and 
concerns on any topic relevant 10 
Ihe lives and experiences of 
people of African Descent. It is a 
place for us to connect with other 
students . stalf and facuity at 
UCSD in a casual . supportive, 
community atmosphere. Led by 
Linda Voung 534-3987 . and 
Michelle Boutte' Burke, 534-4905. 
Call for information. Fridays. 4:15-
6 p.m_. Cross Cultural Center. 510 
UCntr. (Near Office of Grad. Stud· 
les and Visual Art Buildings) 
• Alcohol & Substance Abuse 
Support Group: If you ask your· 
self if you have a problem. or If you 
know you do. learn ways to get 
back in control of your life. Fri· 
days, 2:00 to 4:00 p.m .. Half 
Dome Lounge, Muir College. Led 
by Dan Munoz, 534-0251. and 
Tana Paget. 534-1725. 
• Elting AWlreness Workshop: 
ThiS four week session workshop 
for women will provide a safe and 
accepting atmosphere for member 
to begin to explore their relation-
ship with food, develop healthier 
attitudes and feelings towards 
food. and weight. Topics will in-

clude body image. self-esteem. nutrition. anger. assertion. 
perfectionism and coping with stress. Led by Elling Dis· 
orders P_ Counselors. Sponsored by Psychological and 
Counseling Services. Starts Friday. April 10th. 11 :30am. 
1003 Galbraith Hatl. Call Beverly McCreary 534-3585. or 
Barbara Vivino 534-0589. to sign up. 
• Parenting Support Group: Being a parent and a stu-
dent at UCSD is as challenging as life can be! This group 
will offer a forum for parents to get togelher. share and 
learn from each other as we navigate together the delight-
ful and yet not so placid waters of parenthood. 12-I pm, 
Wednesdays at the Women's Center. Led by Reina Juarez. 
534-3875. Sponsored by Psychological and Counseling 
Services. 
• Having roommate problems? Need to break your lease 
early? Is your landlord not making the necessary repairs? 
Haven't got your security deposit back? Come to the Land-
fordfTenanl Workshop on Thursdays from 2-3pm. Call 
Student Legal Services at 534-4374 for more information. 
• Clreer Advl.lng for Undergradulllind Graduall Stu-
dent.: Let expert career advisors at the Career Services 
Center (CSC) help you identify career opponun~ies that 
match your goals. interests and skills. Get your resume 
critiqued. explore potential careers. learn how to network 
and obtain valuable career information. Drop in advising: 
Monday-Friday I :3O-4pm. Morning appts. available. Call 
534-3750. For more career information. check out CSC's 
website at hltp:/Iwww-csc.ucsd .edu 
• Job • Inllrnlhip Li.tings .t CSC: Register at the Ca-
reer Services Center (CSC) to access thousands of on-
campus and ofl-campus job listings on-line. Apply ea~y for 
internships, summer research programs. co-ops and sum-
mer campS. Company information including videos, annual 
reports, products brochures and newsleners are available 
on the 2nd floor. Cell 534-3750_ For more information. check 
out CSC's website at hnp:/Iwww-csc.ucsd.edu 
• Join lhe JOB SEARCH CLUB .t C_r Slrvlc ••. Pick 
up an application today to join the Career Services Center's 
Job Search Club, an intense 3 week (eight 3 hour ses-
sions) workshop for job hunters. Improve job search skills, 
conduci employer research and make contacts. Only open 
to graduating seniors. alumni. and grad students seeking 
full·time career employment. HURRV space is limited. Ap-
plication deadline is June 17. 534-3750. 
• Internel C.r1I8r Connection for Grid Students: Learn 
how to access jobs and career information on the Inlernet 
during a special workjshop on Wednesday, June 3 9 am-
1 0:30am at the Career Services Center. HURRV space is 
limited. Stgn up deadline Is June 2. 534-3750 

Lecture 
Tuesdey, May 26-June 20 

• "Eight on the Edge: NIIw An:hltlCtura in the Wllr', 
an exhibition which explores the cuttK1Q edge architecture 
being buift in the western U.S. will be on view in the Uni· 
versity An Gallery at UCSD. For more info. call 534-0.19. 

Tuesday, May 26 
• "Women In Chicano Movement: Con_.allon with 
Chic In. Brown Beret._" Panelists Dionne Espinoza, • 
Gloria Arelanes. and Geneva Fernandez. 4-6 pm. at the 
Cross Cultural Center. 

Wednesday, May 27 
• Whal I. a doula . __ 7 Linda Levy, MSN. Women's & 
Children'S Healthcare; JennWer Light. CD; VlCkey Powell . 
cocrdinator, UCSD Women's Health Seminar to give a lec-
ture. Located at the Women's Center. Noon-1pm 
• Fredric R. Jameson, The Literature Program. Duke Uni-
verSity. and Visiting Professor. Department of Literature 
UCSD. "The Brick Ind the Balloon: Cultur. Ind Land 
Speculation." 4pm at the Cross Cultural Center. 

Thursday, May 28 
• The Center for the Study of Race and Ethnicity and The 
Ethnic Studies Department sponsor "African·American 
Women In the Strugg;e for Civil Rights" . Lecture by 
Belinda Robnett , Sociology Department, UC Davis. 12pm 
at the Cross Cultural Center. 
• " Gq and Rho Proleins Regulate Hypertrophic, 
Cytolkeletal and Apoplic Reapens .. " will be presented 
by Dr. Heller Brown. professor in the Departmenl of Phar-
macology. UCSD School of Medicine. 4:30 pm In the Garren 
Auditorium . Basic Science Building. on the UCSD School 
of Medicine campus. 
• " Ibsen, Bergman, and Nora." Elizabeth Bennett, La Jolla 
Playhouse and Professor Ann-Charlotte Harvey to give a 
talk about "Nora".lngmar Bergman's adaptation of "A Doll's 
House". Those who attend will receive 2 for 1 tickets for 
"Nora" (May 19-June 21,) Lecture in La Jolla Playhou~e 
Offices . 6-7pm. 

Events & Recreation 
Wednesday, May 27 

• Muir TV's 2nd Annual Live Gleib Show. Hosted by Ben 
Gleiberman 9:30pm. live from the Muir quad. Featuring spe-
C1alguest Dustin Diamond "Screech" from "Saved by the Bell". 
Come be on TV or watch in on all-campus Channel 19. 

Friday, May 29 
• SANG AM Annual End of the Vear Banquet. Starts at 
7pm. ends at 1 am. For information on ticket plices and 
locallon. contact Payal Nangia 638- I 727 or Jiger Patel 453-
5112. 
• AASU Annual Semi-Formll at Ocean View Lounge. $7 
in advance $10 at the door. 8pm-1am. For more info stop 
by AASU oHice or call 534-2499 or Lamar 558-7955. 
• Come to International House to buy tickets for the SImi-
Formal Dinner/Oance Cruise. Salsa. samba. groove . 

hip~hop. euro, Latin music! Celebrat "A Farewell Cruise" 
Come to Pepper Canyon 222 558-8130. 

Saturday, May 30 
• AASU invites you to the annual 3 on 3 Baskelball Tour· 
nlment at Rimae Arena. $15/team or $5/person. Prizes 
will be awarded. For more info call 534-2499. 11 am-4pm. 
• Lao Student Organization is proud to present its first an-
nual Llotian Culture night! 6-8pm in the Price Center 
Cover. Cultural Dances. music. food. entertainment. Free 
admission! 
• Home Aquarium Cia .. Offered by Birch Aquarium al 
Scripps. 9am-t1 :30pm. Fee for the class is $25 per per-
son (ages 10 and up). Advance registration is required. 
For more info call 534-7336. 

Sunday, May 31 
• Come see the Sin Diego Padres in action and experi-
ence one of America's favorites pasttimes. Game time is 
1 :05 pm with tailgate party before. Come join us. Buy tix at 
Int'! Center ISSO Office. $11 includes admiSSion and tail-
gate party. 

Ongoing 
• San Diego Film F •• llvll· Mandeville Auditorium. 8pm. 
Films change. call 534-4090 for more info. 
• Want to get a heads tart on the weekend? Get in on the 
excitement at the Biliroom Dlnee Club'. Fun Slnion.1 
Every Friday from 3-5pm. al Rimae Activity Room '2. It's 
free· no partner or experience required! 
• Free Sunset Ind Afternoon Tours of UCSD Offered 
thl, Summer. Mini·van tours are available the first and 
third $undays of each month_ Walking tours are offered on 
alternate Sundays and start at 2pm. The Wednesday sun-
set walking tours begin at 6pm and will be offered July 1 
through August 26. All tours leave from the Gitman Infor-
mation Pavillion. Wheelchair accessibility is available on 
request. Special group tours may be requested. The tours 
include viewing some of the works in the Stuart Collection 
of outdoor sculpture. They do not include building interi-
ors. Reservations are necessaru, call 534-4414. 
• Tlckell on II. for AASU Annuli Seml-fonnal at Ocean 
View Lounge. $7 in advance or $10 at the door. For more 
into stop by AASU Office . call 534-2499. or call Lamar at 
558-7955_ 
• Come to llnguage table. to learn Japanese, Chinese, 
Spanish. French. German. Italian. At I-House. 558-8130. 

CALENDAR SUBMISSIONS 
DUE PRIOR THURSDAY, 3 

PM. If you would like to submit 
a photo or illustratation to be 

used on the CALENDAR 
PAGE, bring it to the Guardian 
office upstairs in the Student 
Center or send to mail code 
0316. REMEMBER: ONE 

MORE TO GOI 

Tuesday, May 26, 1998 The UCSD Guardian FEATURES 9 

.. 

" , \ I .. , , 
-r; ./"' 

-J • ~~ ... ~ 
" '" c:: 1 J ~ I Il 1 I 

•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

As the. use of marijuana increases, the controversy over its legalization 
continues to rage as one of the most contested contemporary issues 

he legalization of illicit drugs has become a 
hotly debated topic in modem day American cu lture. In 
tenns of both Ii vcs and economic cost, the war on drugs 
has become one of the most expensive battles that the 

U.S_ government has ever fought. 
According to Steven B_ Duke and Albert C. Gross. authors of 

America :r Longest War, thc expense to taxpayers is extremely sig-
nilicanl. 

"We are losing perhaps $100 billion per year more in drug-
related cri me, med ical costs and lost productiv ity. The total annu-
al cost of the 'drug problem' in dollars, therefore, may be as much 
as $200 billion, more than the enti re annual deficit only a few 
years ago. Fifty billion dollars in annual expenditures to cu rb our 
national consumption of illegal dn.l gs is a reasonable -estimate," 
Duke and Cross wrote. 

Judge R. Torrulla, Chief Judge in the First Circuit Court of 
Appeals points out in his arti<.:le "The So Called 
War on Drugs," thaf over 10,000 lives are lost in 
combating drugs each year. Billions of doll ars 
have been spent trying to regulate the trade and 
the efforts have been largely ineffective. 

Marijuana is the higgesl eash crop in the Unil· 
ed Slates, and every year drug dealers cam over 
$100 billion by selling their product in the United 
States. Studies show that over 65 million Americans 
have tried marijuana, and that numher continues to 
grow as the drug remains popu lar. 

According to Duke and Gross, in order to even make 
a dent in trafficking, agents would have to be able 10 stop 
75 percent of the illegal drugs coming into this country. 
Since agents can barely track 25 percent of illegal drugs, the 
authors believe that, even if agents were able to increase their 
efforts, it would only serve to increase the price of drugs and 
possibly increase the number of drug·related 
cri mes that occur every year_ 

The opposing views on 
marijuana legalization have 
been covered extensively in 
news articles, on television, on the 
Jnternet, in magazine publications and in 
schools. While some argue that the government has a 
responsibility to protect us from ourselves, others believe humans 
are intelligent enough to regulate our own bodies. 

Dr_ Lynn Zimmer and Dr_ John P_ Morgan, authors of Mari· 
juana Myths, Marijuana Facts, are ardent proponents of the 
cause to legalize marijuana. Arguing their case, they cite 
numerous examples, siudies and experts to demystify mar· 
ijuana and its effects_ 
The ChemIstry of C ..... 

Marijuana is taken from the plant cannabis, a 
genus of plants in the hemp family. A group of 
chemicals found in cannabis and in no other plant are 
called "cannabinoids." One of the sixty-one cannabinoids that 
appears in the marijuana plant is believed to be a major mood-
altering substance_ It is called delta-9 tetrahydrocannabinol, or 
THC_ 

Most marijuana contains the flowering tops and some of the 
leaves of the plant. The most toxic effects of mc are produced 
by the female plant. Marijuana sold in the United States is usual-
ly two to five percent THC. However, hashish, a more toxic prod-
uct of the plant, can contain as much as 10 to 15 percent, accord-
ing to Erich Goode, author of Between Politics and Reason: The 
Drug Legalization Debate. 

The bud of the marijuana plant is the pan that is generally 
smoked, either through rolled cigarettes, pipes or waler pipes, 
called bongs_ Many people argue that wiler pipes filter out the 
impurities in marijuana smoke; however, this is largely untrue_ 
The same chemical mutagens that exist in tobacco smoke also 
exist in marijuana smoke; however, the patterns of pot U~ and 

See ..... AIIA, Page 10 

By Jessica Scheppmann, Associate Features Editor 

= 



10 FEATURES 

MARIJUANA: 
Hemp used for 
fabric, medicine 
ContInued from ..... , 
cigareue smokers are different. Stud-
ies done on cancer patients show that 
an insignificant percentage of lung 
cancer patients smoked marijuana 
only once during their life. 
History of Hemp 

gan, the commercial value of 
cannabis fiber has been largely 
destroyed by synthetic fibers, such 
as nylon, that can be manufactured 
more cheaply and yield higher qual-
ity malerials. 
Opponents of legalization 

Opponents of legalizalion typi-
cally focus on three general argu-
ments. The first is that marijuana is 
dangerous to the user. 

The opposition typi cally cites 
numerous undocumented and unre-

The UCSD Guardian 

report. "However, the question 
remains open as to whether this 
impairment is due to a residue of 
drug in the brain, a withdrawal effect 
from the drug or a frank neurotoxic 
effect of the drug. Only by further 
study of Ihese issues can it be judged 
whelher neuropsychological impair-
ment associated with marijuana use 
should be considered a public health 
problem." 

Even experts agree thaI a re-eval-
uation of marijuana's effects will Marijuana has been around for 

thousands of years as both a fiber for 
fabric and as a drug utilized for med-
icinal use. Ancient doctors used it to 
ease the pain of childbirth for 
women. Its use as a recreational 
drug, however, was not discovered 
by a significant number of Ameri -
cans until around 1915, when Cali-
fornia enacted the first laws prohibit-
ing it. 

George Washington and Thomas Jefferson grew 
hemp on their plantations. Contrary to the 
suggestion of some proponents of legalization, 
there is no evidence that Washington or Jefferson 
ever smoked marijuana, or knew others who did so. 

The history books say that both 
George Washington and Thomas 
Jefferson grew hemp on their planta-
tions . Contrary to the suggestion of 
some proponents of marijuana legal-
ization, there is no evidence that 
Washington or Jefferson ever 
smoked marijuana or even knew that 
others had done so. 

Hemp was planted in Jamestown, 
Va., in 1611 by order of the Ki ng. In 
1630, most of the clothing wom by 
the American colonists contained 
hemp fiber. By 1850 it was the third-
largest American crop, exceeded 
only by cotton and tobacco. 

According to Zimmer and Mor-

peat able experiments, in which the 
hazy results of a study show that 
marijuana use has a negative effect 
on the user 's capacities. 

The true effects of marijuana 
have not been thoroughly tested. 
According to a study conducted by 
researchers from Harvard University 
and published in the JOllrfUlL of the 
American Medical Association, the 
use of marijuana can have a negative 
impact on the cognitive facilities of 
its users, especially for heavy users. 

"Heavy marijuana use is associ-
ated with residual neuropsychologi- ' 
cal effects even after a day of super-
vised abstinence from the drug," the 
researchers concluded in their 

.CSE 20: June 29-July 3 

.CSE 190: June 29-Sept 4 

.ECON 2A: Aug 3-Sept 4 
COURSE MOVED: 

only be effective if the effects of Ihe 
drug are thoroughly researched and 
documented. Government regula-
tors , however, have strengthened 
restrictions on those proposing to 
study the drug, making access diffi-
cult and hampering the potential 
studies that might be done. 

The second argument against the 
legalization of marijuana is that 
THC can be obtained in the fonn of 
a pi II marketed under the name 
Marinol, and thus, legalization for 
medicinal purposes is unnecessary. 
The pill , however, is expensive for 
patients, and the effects take much 
longer to manifest themselves. For 
those trying to com hat nausea, this 

FIN 
Roommates 

TIckets 
Can 
Bibs 
Deals 

Rentals 
Stereos . 

H 176 Moved from Second Session 
to First Session: June 29-Sept 4 

Surfboards 
Auto Repair 

Salrs 
Jobs 

Computen ENROLL USING TeSS or WebReg 
For more information on Summer Session courses, 

please call (619) 534-4364 or visit our web site: 
http://orpheus. ucsd .edu/summer 

SUMMER SESSION IS OPEN TO THE PUBLIC 

IndmoreiD 
'rile ...... 

the General Store 

seems to be an ineffective treatment. 
The third main argument adopts a 

moral perspective. For many, legal -
ization of an illicit drug sends the 
message to young people lhat the 
government is condoning its usage. 
People fear that legalizing, or 
decriminalizing the use of marijua-
na, sends the wrong message to 
impressionable young children. 

Zimmer and Morgan argue that 
the redirection of funds currently 
used to incarcerate one in 40 males 
between the ages of 14 and 36 for 
drug possession, could be used to 
educate, rather Ihan persecute, the 
general population. 
Marijuana and the Gateway 
Theory 

Opponents of legalization argue 
that even if the use of marijuana isn't 
dangerous, it leads people into a 
devianl lifestyle in which harder 
drugs are utilized more often. 

According to Zimmer and Mor-
gan, this theory is invalid, because, 
by the same token, tobacco and alco-
hol could be seen as gateway drugs 
to marijuana use. 

"Marijuana users are also more 
likely than nonusers to have had pre-
vious experience with legal drugs, 
such as alcohol , tobacco and caf-
feine," Zimmer and Morgan wrote. 
"Alcohol, tobacco and caffeine do 
not cause people to use marijuana. 
Marijuana does not cause people to 
use heroin , LSD or cocaine." 

Additionally, studies show that 
See MARIJUANA, Page 11 

Tuesday, May 26, 1998 

•••••••••••••• 

Marijuana 
Arrests in 
the United 
State. 

"Pass. 
• 
• 
• 
• 

1174 445,600 • 
1"" 416.i® • 
117. 441,100 • 
'In 457~~ . 86% 
117. 445,800 86% 
'171 S91.eoo 87" 
1180 401,982 84% 
, .. 40.0,329 .8616 
1182 452,244 85% 
stU 403.4 4, L3% 
1884 415,831 82% 
, ... 451.13a 81t6 
II •• 361,779 82% ,..., 87S.1§ 83" 
llaa 391,612 83% 
, ... 398,917 79% 
1110 327,860 80% 

'"' -
283.700 79% 

1112 340,890 79% 
'"3 380,399 82% 1114 481,098 84% 
" .. 588,963 86% 

Source: Uniform Crime Reports. 197()' 
1995 (Federal Bureau of Investigation). 

Walt Dlcklnsonl Guardian 

•••••••••••••• 

Last Call for 
Summer 

l.OftdOft 
A.nst;~w:; 

Rio 
Hawvaii 
Caft.~uft 

Baftg"o" Sydftey 

$549 $614 $599 $729 

1.299 405 60S $849 
<~ (;(~h. (7r_( .. clv\(.e. FARES ARE ROUND TRIP, 00 NOT INCLUDE Tms, 

w;(<< ,.eo, I.e. RESTRICTIONS APPlY. SUIIJECT TO CHANGE 
Travel 

9500 Gilman Dr. 
UCSD Price Center, Ste. 76 
La Jolla (619) 452-0630 

STUDENTS ••• 

Political Science 1 04A 
The Supreme Court and the Constitution 
Monday: 4:40-7:20, Solis 107 
Section 10: 324577 
Instructor: Martin Shapiro 

" Political Science1 07 A 
Gay and Lesbian PoliI:Ica 
Wednesday: 5:45-8 :35, Center 119 
Section 10: 326429 
Instructor: Joe Rollins 

* Political Science142-1 
National and International Security 
Monday: 3 :35-6:25, Center 119 
Section 10: 325722 
Instructor: Randy Willoughby 

We Ship Your Stuff Home! 

. . 

Is this tied well enough? Shut up, Dad! Duh! 

Cram For Finals, then ProPack Your stuH! 
• TI,ese cour'Ges howe be"n ;Hided sonce th" published schrdutc 
of elilsses i1nd i1rc i1v;"tilbtr for t·rcg For mar" ,nformatlon, 
contact mqurscnbuw"brr ucsd rdu 

~£ OtJ' ~~~+\ PAOPACK 
~tI" Moving Systems 

4125 Sorrento Valley Blvd., Ste . A 
CALL 450-4440 

or toll free 100-711-5144 

Tuesday, May 26, 1998 

MARIJUANA: 
Drug does not 
encourage violence 
Continued from ..... 10 
young people who use marijuana 
and then branch out into more illicit 
drug use, are intluenced by other 
contributing factors . According to 
Morgan and Zimmer, however, only 
14 percent of marijuana users have 
ever tried cocaine, and even of those 
who have tried, very few become 
habitual users. 
Effects of Marijuana Use 

Although the effects of marijuana 
vary widely from user to user, the 
general reaction is an overall feeling 
of lethargy and calamity. Contrary to 
popular belief, smoking cannabis 
does not increase aggression in users 
but, rather, decreases it. 

Media propaganda produced dur-
ing the earlier half of the century 
reported that users of marijuana 
were reduced to maniacal frenzies in 
which murder and mayhem were the 
resulting effect. 

"This baseless knowledge has 
been thoroughly repudiated si nce the 
1960s by virtually everyone with 
any knowledge of the drug," Duke 
and Gross wrote. "No one now 
claims that marijuana leads to vio-
lence." 

According to Zimmer and Mor-
gan, studies about the cognitive 
effects of marijuana on the brain 
show that occasional and even heavy 
use of marijuana over time has a 
marginal effect on the brain. 

"Twenty-li ve years of rcsearch 
already provides convincing evi-
dence that marijuana 's pharmaco-
logical action does not cause an 
amotivational syndrome." 

The UCSD Guardian FEATURES II 

Typically. users of marijuana 'The system doesn't work, or mated to have used the drug during penpective is crucial in order to 
who demonstrate negative effects works extremely badly, and desper- 1991 , and 10 million of those used it improve the situation. 
can attribute those problems to pre- ately needs fixing. We are told that in the previous year. "Over the past half-dozen years, 
viously existing psychological con- 'everyone knows' that arresting According to Duke and Gross, illicit drugs on the street have been 
ditions, according to Zimmer and addicts is 'a failure.' Tens of billions more people use marijuana than all getting purer, more potent, more 
Morgan. of dollars of law enforcement money other illicit drugs combined. abundant and cheaper. Something's 
Medicinal use of Marijuana are being expended on criminalizing Students have said that it is easi- not working .. .. Drug overdoses are 

In November 1996, voters in Cal- and imprisoning hundreds of thou- er to get a hold of marijuana then it increasing, new admissions to drug 
ifornia and Arizona elected to legal- sands of drug violators - perpetra- is to obtain alcohol. This could be programs are increasing and seizures 
ize marijuana smoking for medicinal tors of a crime whose only victim is tied to the fact that legalization of illegal drug shipments are increas-
purposes and to avoid prosecuting themselves. allows for greater controls to be ing. 
doctors who elected to prescribe this 'Three prison cells out of every placed over manufacturing and sell- "As law enforcement steps up 
"illicit drug." I 0 in America are now reserved for ing of substances such as alcohol. the pressure, the problem seems to 

Although THC is available in grow apace. Perhaps we need a 
concentrated pill form, this synthetic Although the effects of marijuana vary widely from fresh look at the problem, a new 
form is not as effective as the so lution." 

user to user, the general reaction is an overall smoked version and often produces Duke and Gross suggest a shift in 
more of the unwanted side effects. feeling of lethargy and calam ity. Contrary to the money spent on prosecution of 

According to former cancer popular belief, smoking cannabis does not increase marijuana offenses to restructuring 
patient, Richard Brookhiser, mari- the economy, to take away the feel-
juana's medicinal benefits need to be aggression in users but, rather, decreases it. ings of hopelessness among youths 
respected by lawmakers. in the lower classes. This would 

"Cancer patients are not the only the user, the addict, the drug seller. Among college freshmen, support reduce the number of people who 
sick people who get relief from As we saw in 1970, there were for marijuana legali;::.tion doubled turn to drugs as an alternative 
smoking pot," says Brookhiser. 200,000 prisoners nationwide; in from 1990 to 1995, from 17 to 34 lifestyle ' and increase the numbers 
"Marijuana has reportedly restored 1995, that figure surpassed a million percent, according to Zimmer and who are educated about responsible 
the appetite of AIDS patients, arrest- for the first time in the history of the Morgan. drug use. 
ed the deterioration of the eyes of United States. In the earlier year, the Despite increasingly stronger Proponents of legalization also 
glaucoma sufferers and relieved the first-time drug violator could look penalties, drug usage in the United suggest increasing education funds 
symptoms of chronic migraines, forward to probation; today, increas- States is growing. The United States in order to demystify marijuana and 
epilepsy and multiple sclerosis." ingly, it is imprisonment." has higher percentages of users than possibly reduce drug abuse. 

Law makers would have to The National Institute on Drug other countries that approach drug "In an important sense, marijua-
reclassify marijuana as a schedule n Abu e estimated in 1991 after its control from a different, more educa- na use is already a 'normal' pan of 
drug, to allow physicians to pre- National Household survey thai tion-geared standpoint. the culture," Zimmer and Morgan 
scribe it under the same strict condi- nearly 68 million Americans over Steps fur legalization wrote . "What makes marijuana 
tions that apply to amphetamine, the age of 12 have used marijuana. According to Duke and Gross, deviant is its continued criminaliza-
morphine and cocaine. About 20 million Americans are esti- reformation of the laws and a fresh tion." 
Current drug •••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• ~ ••••••••••••••••• 
policy problems 

According to 
Duke and Gross, the 
problems with the 
currenl drug pol icies 
are so significant 
that the system is 
almost beyond 
repair. 

Very Few Marijuana 
Users Become Regular 
Users of Cocaine 

Source: Marijuana MythS, Marijuana Fac!s. Dr. Lynn Zimmer and Dr, JOhn p, Morgan 

21 baYe tried COCIII ... 
12 ... ve aNd OOCIII .. 12 or ........ _ 

.... ve .......................... .. 

1."...., ................ weiiIfIor-1 
Walt Dickinson/ Guardian 

UCSD Theatre and Dance . .. A step ahead! 

'Ju' 11ctm' It" at tie rno JOOJlel' 1fi1i 

Ie 
UlISt bact from Europe) 

aDd tie Belizean Hip Hop of 

The WoOODwel1as 
lZnOOn-l:OOpm 

FrJday, Kay Z9, 1998 
PrIce Cow Plaza. 

C.I 534-0411 for Info SOLO 



12 The UCSD Guardian Tuesday, May 26, 1998 

Take home 30 years of rock'n'roll history 
when you show us the AT&T Calling Card 
number on your campus 10. 

The Rolling Stone Covers Tour features 

hundreds of covers spanning three 

decades of popular culture and social 

comment. And admission is free, so 

don't miss it 

www.nt.comkofteae 
look for "R.oIine Stone: The Complete Co.oers 
1967-1997' published by HatTy N. Abrams, May 1998. 

Cortoin __ ... s.ap by" _Ior-.-_ ond -. 0 "" "''''T 
., 'J 

I , ,. " , I , I , , • , ., . 

Show up with an AT&T Calling Card 
number on your campus 10, and we'll 
give you free stuff: a collectible 

Rolling Stone Covers booklet, an AT&T 
Worldnet CD ROM, and more, Don't 

have the AT&T Callin, Card feature on 
your 1m Visit your Card OffIce, 

Get free stuff at the Rollin. Stone Covers Tour. Stop by 
and show us the AT&T Callin. Card number on your 10. 

It's all within your reach .• ~ 
.. , 

•. ' .' . ' .' I ' •• I' • ' ... ' , ' . ' .••....• , '. ' . ' ••.. . • .•. •. ' . ' •• . ' •• I· . · ....•. I •..... , • . • , 

, 

The UCSD Guardian 
, . , , . -FEATIJRES 13 

Tuesday, May 26, 1998 

The Editor's Soapbox 
Road Trip: Don't Miss Out On The 
Ultimate College Experience 

... 

GUARANTEED + BONUSES 
... FLEXIBLE HOURS 

By Jonah Freedman, Co-Managing Editor ... FEW BLOCKS FROM CAMPUS 
... PART-TIME HOURS/FULL TIME PAY 

Three weeks of school to go 
before another glonous summer. 
Without a doubt, it has been a long, 
rocky road for all of us this year. EI 
Nino almost washed us off the fa ce 
of the seaboard , and only now is it 
finally starting to get warm outside. 
I'm kind of upset that both the P.B. 
Bloc k Party and the Sun God Festi -
val we re not I DO-percent suriny, 
shirt-and-shorts-weather days, hut 
that belongs in another co lumn. 

Today, in what will be my last 
personal address to UCSD in the 
pages of Ihis publi cation, I wi ll dis-
cuss something thai is ncar and dear 
to us all. It 's a way to keep us go ing 
through the monotony of the school 
year and a way 10 mai ntai n some 
semhlam:e of sanity. It 's a rite of 
passage and a coming of age, if you 
will. That age-old college classic ... 

ROAD TRIP ! 
The best way to see plaL:es away 

from not-so-sunny La Jolia and the 
best way to spend time with good 
fri ends (for long periods of time in 
a cramped automobile) is to pick 
up and go on a moment 's noti ce. 
Yep. The road trip. 

I was originally going to write 
my soapbox on graduation and the 
fUlUre and how scared I am to go 
blindly into thc real world, but 
God, that's so depress ing. I 
changed my mind becau se I 

The best way to 
properly road-trip, 
colleg.style, Is to 
plan minimally In 
order to be as 
spontaneous as 
possible. That's 
what three of my 
Guardian colleagues 
and I did this past 
Friday. 
returned to San Diego Satu rday 
after what will most li kely be my 
last road Irip as a UCSD student , 
and I wanted to ~hare some experi -
ences and tips with all potential 
road-Irippers. 

Part of my inspi ralion to go may 
have been because I saw "Fear and 
LOMhing in Las Vegas" th is past 
weekend. But don' t worry; Ihat's 
not quile the road trip I had in mind 
(but another damn fi ne flick fro m 
Tcrry Gilliam, believe you me). 

The best way to properl y road-
tri p, college-sly Ie, is to plan min i-
mally in order to be as spontaneous 
as possible. That's what three or 
my Guardian colleagues and r did 
thi s past Friday. Commenting on 
how fun it would be to see our Los 

Angeles Dodgers play hefore the 
year was up, the suggestion was to 
see a game in L. A" since Ihc 
Dodgers won't he at Ihe Q until 
July. Friday sounded like a good 
day. But , alas, the boys in hlue 
were going to be in Phoeni x, bat-
tli ng the meek Arizona Diamond-
backs. How unfortunate! 

"Bul why not goT' I asked my 
associates. 

"Yes, why not'!" they retorted. 
And so the plan was horn . Brav ing 
350 miles of sleam y desert , Ihe four 
of us headed east to the Grand 
Canyon State for a 7:05 p.m. 
engagement at Bank One Balipark. 
The five- hour drive was we ll worl h 
it - espec ially considering that I 
wasn' l drivi ng. 

First off, Ihe Dodgers whipped 
the D-Bac ks, 5-0. But the real high-
light of that evening (at that point) 
was the stadium. The hest part 
about road trips is to seek out eKpe-
riences such as these. There is no 
substitute to seeing places you only 
hear about or see on TV. The poinl 
is yes, there reall y is a swimming 
pool in right field . 

There arc three great things to 
do on road trips: see other schools, 
venture to places you've onl y heard 
about and experience the grea t Oll t-
doors - and do it all without your 

See SOAPBOX, Page 14 

... CA.SUAL WORKING ATMOSTPHERE 

, Ho uercili., 01 c1j.~i"~ 
• Reduce \o~i., 
• Reduce cell,lae 
• Red.cc iac.e, 
• rir .. Iud \j~Uen 
• 1101 0 lempro,Qry 

woler lOll meUocl 

$IO.94Ihr,· Job #914·155 
Full time during the summer thru'6199 

(17-19 hrs week from Sept-June) 
Strong HTML, Macintosh, UNIX required . Applicant should be 

fun, conscientious, professional, re ponsible, team player, hard-working, 
competent , organized, creati ve. 

To apply - first read the posted job description. Then call Meredylh 
534-4644 or submil resume with cover letter, describing why you 
would be the perfect person for the position , to UCSD Bookstore , 
MailCode 0008 o r drop off on third 11 00 r of Boo kstore. 

Muir College Television Presents Ca" •• ,IIt W,r ..... rclI'. 
~g'JievuY8~ 

\,,'1 TH 5E~~ G LE 1 8EFMAf\j 
Second Annuall 

Live from the Muir Quad 
Wednesday, May 27th 

Starts Promptly at 9:30pm 
Come be on TV! 

Guest Star: 
DUSTIN DIAMOND 
(Screech from "Saved by the Beln) 
& Ador /Comeclian 
BOB. GOLUB (nGoodfellasn) 
Also 'Mlurll,: 
Thl titaniC Mini-Movi. 

Sponsor.d by: MCC, M.lr Its Llf., Co ••• t.r Co •• ell, 
Pro,ra. aoard, •• Ir Col e,. C •• t.r 

As ThE WEAT~ER WARMS ANd you hEAd TO TliE 
SANdy ShORE TO "STudy," you'll fiNd diAT 
SNACkROpolis is TliE plACE TO fill up! AfTER A 
dAY AT fflE bEAC~ visiTiNG T~E SANd CRAbs, 
PiERRE ANd I WERE fAMishEd, ANd VoilA! 

SNAckoopolis WAS T~ERE, RiGltT NEXT TO ThE WATER! I dEVOUREd 
A hUGE TUNA SAlAd SANdwich ON W~EAT bREAd with lETTUCE 
ANd tOMATOES ANd A piECE of dElicious CARROT CAkE whilE 
PiERRE SCARfEd AN ENTiRE MushROOM ANd ONiON 
bURGER ANd A sidE of ONiON RiNGS! I'VE NEVER 
~Ad SUC~ A TASTY MEAL, ANd PiERRE WAS RUbbiNG 
liis TUMMy with SATisfACTiON All TliE WAy ltoME! 
WE OVERhEARd A GROUP of StUdENTS EXclAiMiNG 
AboUT T~E fis~ ANd c~ips plAnER ANd ThE QUESAdillAs! So 
dON'T lET ThE NAME fool you, SNACkRopolis is MORE ThAN 
JUST SNACks! You'll fiNd GREAT ltoT MEAls iNcludiNG dEESE 

ENC~ilAdAS ANd lASAGNA, ANd A MYRiAd of GRillEd foods, 
ddi.-stylE SANdwic~ES, fRESlt bAkEd dESSERTS, bEVERAGES, ANd 
EVEN A fAbulous bREAkfAST MENU! SNACkRopoLis ACCEpTS MEAL 
PIAN DollARS, TRitON PLus ACCOUNT, ANd CASh, so TRy 
SNACkRopoiis TodAY fOR A MAGNifiCENT MEAL ANd AN iNCREdiblE 
ViEW! LOYE, 

~r:etchen 

SNACKROPOLIS 



14 FEA11JRES 

Arena 
Do you think marijuana 
should be legalized? 
Interviews and Photography by 
Lisa Huff 

"I don't think anything 
should be legalized that 
could damage someone's 
health. Something foreign 
to someone's body is 
basically dangerous. If it's 
not natural - meaning if 
humans weren't born with 
a joint in their hands, then 
they shouldn't take it. 

Arbl Terpanchlan 
Revelle junior 

"Marijuana scares me." 

Joe Glynn 
Warren Junior 

"Yes, since alcohol is legal, 
and it's not something that 
is particularly marginalized 
in this country. If alcohol is 
going to remain legal, then I 
think law makers need to 
look at the distinction 
between smoking marijuana 
and drinking alcohol." 

Andrea Stolowltz 
Graduate Student 

"Of course. I think it's sort 
of like Prohibition that 
never worked. It 's exactly 
the same situation, I 
think. " 

Jame. Bonwev 
Graduate Student 

"Yes. J think it has a lot of 
positive properties, not 
o~ly for medical benefits, 
but for paper products, 
building materials, clothing 
materials and petroleum. If 
it were legalized, it would 
aJleviate a lot of the 
burdens we are causing on 
the earth." 

Nicole C .... """ 
Warren Senior 

The UCSD Guardian 

SOAPBOX: 
Road trips are the 
greatest things ever 
CoIItInIIed frOlll ..... 13 
parents. 

Primarily, what I like be t is vis-
iting communities around other col-
leges. Comparing student culture is 
always a great way to go. Friday, 
we spent the night in Tempe, home 
to Arizona State University. 

If you ' re depressed with the 
lack of social life at UCSD, or the 
lack of a college community in the 
immediate area, don't go to Tempe. 
A booming student population 
wanders the streets in throngs, 
sometimes until 3 in the morning. 
Now, I know what you're thinking 
- "Docs he really think we 'd be 
beller off at ASU?" 

Not my poi nt. Truc, we may get 
a higher-grade edu<.:ation here, but 
traveling and finding a college 
town will instantly put you in tou<.: h 
with thousands of people your own 
age, from different parts of the 
country, who are all the same as 
you - even in Tempe. 

PSYCHO: 
Living alone a 
special adventure 
ContInued from ..... 15 
live with the silence. The nearest 
human body is always a phone call 
away when I need comforting. 
That's the kind of stuff you have to 
deal with when you live alone. 

I' ve lived on my own for a year 
now. [ know it 's an adventure that 
docsn' t appeal to everyone, but 

Traveling with friends is fun, 
and it's even more fun when you 
<.:an hare experiences with others 
like you. It 's also fun to see the 
dynamics of other schools. As evi-
dent at ASU, those dynamics appar-
ently include much more drinking 
and a lot more football than here. It 
always depresses me when I see a 
70,OOO-seat stadium on the campus 
of a school that I didn't attend. 

During my four years at UCSD, 
I've visited many random schools 
while road tripping. Everyone has 
seen a majority of the UCs. Berke-
ley and UCLA are crowded, Davis 
is isolated, Santa Cruz is way up in 
the trees, etc. If you can, however, 
I highly recommend traveling far-
ther, in order to examine the work-
i ngs of other campuses. 

Secondl y, if there's some place 
you really want to experience, by 
all means, do it. There's always 
Vegas, baby! A fun -filled stay in 
Vegas highlighted by expensive 
casinos, inexpensive motels, giant 
buffets, over- the-hi ll singers in 
concert and overpriced strip joints 
can be an enjoyable time for all. 
However, if you don't want to 

I've loved every minute of it. It 's 
made me a stronger, more se I f-
reliant person. I'm more wi lling 
to place myself in foreign si tua-
tions , or in troduce myse lf to 
strangers. 

A year ago, I never would have 
dreamed of vacationing out in the 
middle of the desert with nothing to 
do. Next time, I might even leave 
the books and the entertainment 
center at home. 

You don ' t need to sever all ties 
from humanity in order LO become 

Tuesday, May 26, 1998 

. include some of those particulars, I 
understand. 

If the great outdoor are more 
your style, there are plenty of 
places in the southwestern United 
States that are worth the trip. Defi-
nitely camp out in a many places 
as possible. Check out Zion 
National Park or Bryce Canyon 
National Park in southern Utah 
(seven to eight hours away, and just 
two hours from Vegas) or Joshua 
Tree National Park in Imperi al 
County (roughly three hours). Big 
Sur- where the cliffs meet the sea 
south of Monterey - is worth the 
Icngthy drive if you're up to it. 

Road trips can be the best part 
of your co llege experience and you 
haven't lived until you've tried it. 
Take my advice - put down that 
bOlllc, get ou t of the computer lab, 
whatever. Just climb in a car with a 
bunch of friends whose odor you 
won't mind in a small car for sev-
eral hours and hit the road. You'll 
be glad you did. 

Jonah is cLlrrently planning a 
road trip 10 Polynesia. If YOLI \Yalll 
10 go, and are willing to drive, e-
mail him at jfreedman@ucsd.edu. 

more independent. I f you fi nd 
yourself in one of those brainless 
"so-what 's-your-major" conversa-
tions, consider unplugging from 
society for awhile. If you take the 
time, you might learn a lot about 
the most interesting and fascinating 
person in the world - yourself. 

Mary Higgins is not responsible 
for anyone who chucks his/her life 
to become a nomad in Siberia. For 
more in/ormation on scrub-brush, 
e-mail rnhiggins@sdccI7.lIcsd. edu 
or drop by the Guardian office. 

Thurgood Marshall College 

Attention TMC Students, 
Staff & Faculty: 

meet the final candidate for TMC 
Assistant Dean of Student Affairs. 

Open interview on: 

Wednesday 
May 27th, I :30 · ·2:30 

in the Provost's Conferen.ce 
Room of TMC 

Administration Building 

Feel free to ask what: 
you want of this 
final applicant. 

No phone calls please 

Tuesday, May 26, 1998 The UCSD Guardian FEATURES 15 

Psycho Therapy International Studies Abroad· (800) 580-8826 
A Lonely Yet Liberating Solitude 
Brings About Self-Analysis 
By Mary HIggins Senior Staff Writer 

Your favorite psychotherapist 
(me, not Dr. Ruth) spent Memorial 
Day weekend in the barren desert 
of Borrego Springs, Calif. - a 
charming town that boasts one 
liquor store, one pizza place and 
not much else. Luckily, [ managed 
to make reservations at a sleepy 
motel with a wonderful, ice-cold 
pool, a soda machine and (gasp!) 
cable TV. I moved right in, hooked 
myself up to my Heineken IV-drip 
and lay comatose by the pool for 
t wo-and-a-hal r days. 

To many, this might not seem 
like a luxury vacation. True, there 
wasn' t much of a night life, but if 
you' re feeling particularly anti so-
cial, and you have an affinity for 
scrub brush, I recommend you get 
yourself out to Borrego Springs, 
population 18, All r needed was 
one change of clothing, a swimsuit 
and a toothbrush. 

I said that was aliI needed. But, 
what r really brought with me was 
three days' worth of groceries, a 
rice cooker, pajamas, slippers, 50 
pounds of books and magazines, a 
case of Hcineken and a blender rQr 
the margarit3s. 

I was even on my way out of thc 
door with my VCR, the power 
cords dangling behind me, when I 
was promptly hassled by GlIardian 
editor Terry Lew. 

"Mary, I think you rorgot the 
kitchen si nk," he commented. 

"Oh, I think they have si nks in 
Borrego Springs:' I replied, rolling 
my eyes. "Duh, Terry." 

To me, the '90s 
have been 
earmarked by a glut 
of cell phones and 
talk shows. It's like 
people Just can't 
shut the hell up. I 
have visions of -
tourist. meditating 
In Tibet when 
suddenly a loud 
beeping noise 
shatters the cool, 
mountain air. 
"Oh, that's my 
pager," someone 
says. "Where's the 
nearest pay 
phone?" 
dusty scrub brush. Here on our left, 
we have a bunch of dusty rocks." 

I know I'm not a very normal 
perSlln - even by UCSD standards 
- hut my favorite part of vacation 
is gelling away from people. There 
is something so beautiful abou t 
solitude; it 's very liberating - and 
a lillie lonely, even. 

In my opinion, loneliness is not 
a bad thing. In this society, I think 
we're overly dependent on constant 
human contact. When Friday ni ght 
rolls around, most people go into a 
deep depression unless they imme-
diately surround themselves with 
hundreds of smoking, drinking, 
chaltering bodies. 

People ha ve lost the abili ty to 
isolate themselves for long periods 
of time without gelling bored. Once 
in a while, I think we all need to 
take off for the beach alone, wi th 
only our thoughts to entertain us. 

To me, the '90s have been ear-
marked by a glut of cell phones and 
talk shows. It 's like people just 
can' t shut the hell up . I have 
visions of tourists meditating in 
Tibet when suddenly a loud beep-
ing noise shatters the cool, moun-
tai n air. 

"Oh, that's my pager," someone 
says. "Where's the nearest pay 
phone?" 

People seem afraid to be alone 
with themselves. With no distract -
ing, idle challer, we are forced to 
think, possibly leading us down a 
scary road of self-analysis. 

I should know. Since August, 
I'vc been living roommate-free in a 
one-bedroom Clairemol1t apart -
mcnt. For all of you who are cur-
rently in a state of roommate ruin, 
I'll bCI you're thinking, "I wi~h [ 
li ved alone. J could let the di ·hes 
pile up for wecks, and no one 
would care! Nobody would ever 
borrow my shampoo, clothe:. or 
money without asking again!" 

At least, that's what I thought 
when I got my own plu<.:e . My 
friends, on the other hand, told me 
I would gel lonely. My parents 
worried thatI'd be more vulnemble 
to the dangerous elements of sod-
ety. 

Spain 
Ecuador 

France 
Mexico 

Chile 
Costa Rica 

http://www.studlesabroad.com 

Thursday, May 2'8 
from 5:00 to 6:30 PM 
PRICE CENTER COVE 
(across from Wok's Up Restaurant) 

History Faculty, St~, and GrOOdate 
Students will be available to an,sYkr 
your questions about the program and 
further study in history. 

Whether you dress up or down, 
refreshments will be serveill 

Ironically, I forgot a toothbrush. 
My "Hotel California" weekend 

was truly heaven for me. No vaca-
tion packages, no tours, no obliga-
tory "Kodak moments." Don 't get 
me wrong, there is a time and place 
for chaotic holiday "go-see-do-
ism," but for me that time is not in 
the middle of midterms, and the 
place sure isn 't Borrego Springs. 

Don't get me wrong, I don ' t 
think that clubbing and partying is 
a bad idea. It just seems that some-
times people aren't all that interest-
ed in where they are or even whom 
they are with. Sometimes I think 
people are merely satisfying a des-
perate need to lit in. There's noth-
ing lonelier than filling in. 

It turns out that all of us were 
correct. In my year of self-imposed 
exile, I did enjoy all the liberties of 
li ving alone, which included lelling 
my dirty laundry overnow out or 
my doset into the living room. My 
parents' fears were not totally 
unfounded, either, and every day I 
pray that my neighbor's meth lab 
won't blow up while I'm asleep in 
bed. Sometimes, it docs get a lillie 
lonely. 

~ you at the Cov~ on Thursday! 
If they had a tour through the 

desert, the guide's monologue 
would go something like this: "I'd 
like to draw your allention to the 

I kept the television on for the 
first two months, until I learned to 

See PSYCHO, Page 14 

r-----------
so .~~' 

, . I 
Eye Allergies? I 

Scripps Clinic i conducti ng a research study for people 
with itchy, watery eyes. Participants rnusl be: 

• 18-65 years of age 
• Allergic (0 cats , weeds or gra. s 

Participants need not be experiencing symptoms now and 
should not be taking any anti -allergy medications. Qualified 
participants will be paid. 

Call the tudy Coordinator at (619) 554-9604 

I 

: Cal>lJCCin~ 
I 
I 

with this coupon. Expires 6/8/98. 

PRICE CENTER FOOD COURT L .~ ._ - - - - ~ - - - -

, 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

-I 



." 

16 CLASSIFIEDS 

EVE N T S 
International & UCSD Students, English language 
Programll I·House Seml·Formal BoaVDancei 
Dinner Cruise, 'A Farewell Cruise' Fri, May 29th, 
Call 558·8130, (5121·28) 
Sangam Annual End o. the year Banquel Friday, 
May 29, staning at 7pm, For Into on llcket prices 
and lOcaIion, contact Paya/ Nangia 638· t727 or 
Jlgar Patel 453·51 t 2, (5126), 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
R.I,. up to 5500 or mOrl In one week. 
Fundraislng opponunllies available, No linancial 
obligation, Great .or dubs, organizations, and 
motivated students, For more intormation calt 
(888) 51·A·PLUS ext , 51. (2112·614) 
'Proposition 227 Forum,' May 27th, t 998 7pm (I 
Cross Cuhural Cenler, Come listen to speakers, 
meel newpeople, eat dinner and educate yourseH 
on the Issues surrounding Prop 227, Sponsored 
by ASUCSD External. For more into calt 534-
0474, (5121 -26) 

I iii 1I£C!1 : I =ti1 :at 
*ROUND TRIP COURIER FARES. 
ondon $285 Mexico $t 50 Hong Kong $389 
Chi ... $360 SydNy $520 Benpol< $370 

.. 40-80% OFF ALL FARES-
A IR COUR IER I NTERNATIONAL 

1-800-298-1230 24 hr 

The Episcopal Students Assodation meets every 
Wednesdaylrom 5:00-6:30 p,m, in the International 
S1udent Center Conterence Room tor communion, 
Christian discussion, and 'r88 dinner, Students, 
taculty, and staff welcome, Call 534-6549 tor 
Information, (5126) 
New Puc. Coopa Rec:ru~.r on C.mpual Meet 
Suan Hanson at the Information SeSSions: May 13 
and 27, June 10 and 24, All Sessions trom 
3:3Opm-4 :3Opm in the Conference Room at the 
International Center, (619) 822-2216 .or more 
into. (5126) 

Sweet tooth caNing? Get your See's candy at 
Marshall Dean'S Ottlce, Help out the TMC 
Scholarship Fund. (5126-6/4) 

The UCSD Guardian 

CLASSIFIEDS 
The UCSD GU8rdian reserves the right to classity, edit, delete offensive words and 
phrases, andlorrefuse any and all advertisements without prior notification , The Advert iser 
will not hold the Guardian liable tor any claims resulting 'rom the publication ot the 
advertisement. The publisher will also not be held accountable tor any claim trom an 
agreement made between the advertiser and the consumer, 
Copy should be reviewed by the advertiser 'or errors, In order to be corrected in the next 
regular issue, all errors must be reponed by the corresponding deadline, Credit will only 
be given torthe Incorrect portion ot the advertisement. There are no re'unds 'or cancellations, 
Pt •••••• nel a" corre.ponClence regarding CI •• slfied, to: 
UCSD Gu. rdl.n, Attn: Ct ... llleda, 9500 Gilman Drive ' 0316, la Jolla, CA 92093, 
Actu. t location: Stud. nt C.nter A, Room 217. 

EMPLOYMENT 
$1500 weekly potential mailing our ci rculars, No 
Experience Required, Free Inlormation packel 
Call 410-783-8279, (2126·6/4) 

-
-ec 
U 

FEMALE HAIR MODELS. Shampoo company 
needs (40) temale models monlhly (especially 
AsJans) tor their upcoming Apr~ & May hair showsl 
No experience necessaryl All ages & heights ok! 
For more intormatlon & other modeling 
opponunities call (anytime) 1-(800)·959-9301 , (4/ 
20-6/4) 

Clerical Assistant needed ASAP, PfT 15+ hrs, FI 
T, 20+ hrs, Must work over summer too, Call 456· 
0009, (4130-6/1) 
EASY WORK IN YOUR SPARE TIMEt Mailing 
envelopes tor out company, You caneam $1 ,000's 
weekly! Just send a seff'addressed, stamped 
envelope tor intormation 10: Work at Home, 8070 
la Jolla Shores Drive, Suite '242, la Jolla , CA. 
92037 (5111·6/1) 
MUSIKER TOURS AND SUMMER DISCOVERY 
SUMMER OPPORTUNITIES, Counselors needed 
tor our student travel programs andlor our pre-
college enrichment programs, AppUcants must be 
21 years old by June 20, 1998, We need: mature, 
hardworking, energellc Individuals who can 
dedicate 4-7 weekS this summer working with 
teenagers, To receive an application orto lind out 
more intormation, Call (B88)8SUMMER or E-mail 
ien@summerlun com (SI t t.~ __ _ 
On Campus)ob opponunity this Summer! Teach 
swim lessons to all ageslabilhies, You must be a 
hard wor!(er, be currently cenitied in CPR, First 
Aid , and WSI or have equivalent hours teaching, 
$&/hr, Call 534-5246 it interested. (5114 -26) 
Sports Promoters, men and women, many 
positions available PfT toll .ree 1 (800)249-9058 
lIashpromoOhotmail.com (_51_14_·2_6-,-) __ _ 

PIT JOBS & 
SUMMER JOBS! 

3 PfT Job openings" 7 -- JObs, 
S10 _10 IIot1, paid training. & flex. houn. 

Jobs lilled on 0 lirst come, ftrII MMId bosls, 
Call 619·587·2829 

The Herb Shop at UTC is seeking FT and PT 
employees, Herbal experience helptul, will train , 
Above average eamings Friendly environment. 

Classified Line 
Ad Rates 

Students: 52 p. r 20 worda 
Facully & St. ff: S3 per 20 worda 

All o\hera: 54 per 20 worda 
Advance payment Is required, 

Classified Display 
Ad Rates 

$9.00 per column inch 
Deadlines: 

Publl,"1ion Olt, Display Ada Une Ads 
Monday 
Thursday 

Noon Thurs, 3 pm Thurl , 
Noon Mon. 3 pm Mon. 

Opponunitles tor both personal & protessional 
growth, (888)648·9928, (5It4·26) 
HELP WANTED -Certnied Finandal Planner seeks 
part-time inlern; lIex hours, Call Michael @ 558-
7000 x326, (5It4·26) 

INTERVIEWERS $7/11R 
Join the inte resting wond of marketing 

research , conductin g telephone 
surveys and opinion poUs. 

WE TRAil 110 SALES 
25 wpm TYPING (we t • • t) 

PM shifts - 7 days a week - FT or PT 
Apply ,n ~ Mon Tue Wed 

person 9am·4pm Eiil D !II 
ElF • • ~-~~li!I!~!!ii!i!ii!i!~I!i-~ 
DIRECTIONS IN RESEARCH' 

8593 Aero Drive 
Bus 125 slo shere 116 slo s near/} 

Soltware developer-outsta nding long le rm 
opportunity with growing protitable San Diego 
medical imaging company , Respond to 
mreicher@worldnet.an,net (5/14-6/1) 
SUMMER PAINTING POSITIONS, UCSD 
Housing Maintenance is hiring student painters 
'or Ihe summer to assist with prep" painting and 
drywall repairs , Begin 6/t5l98, Mon-Fri" 7:30am· 
4:00pm, S6,87Ihour, Pick up application trom 
laurie at 310 UCtr, (5/ t4-28) 
Wanted· Pan-time babysiHer'or toddler and Inlant , 
Approximately 20-25 hours per week, Childcare 
experience required, Call Janeen at (619) 792-
8838, (51t 8·26) 
lOVE Al TERNATIVEJROCKlEl ECTRONIC 
MUSIC? Earn $$$ promoting bands when they 

Job "paning 
$:nioI" MaI"Mting CI~I"k. 
Univ~l'sity C~n-t~l'S Mal'M-ting O~pal'-tm.~nt STORAGE USA 

$8.7 5 p e r hour 
15 - 19 hours p e r week beginning 8131/98 t h rough 6 /99 

Job de.crlptlon: Coordinator of the Price C enter Theatre Film s, Sull's E ye 
and Espresso Rom a performa nces. Duties inc lude order ing and purchasing 
f ilm s. booking performers, coord inating the production a nd distribut ion of 
publicity and event staH coverage. Coordinates College Bowl c ompetition in 
W inter Quarter, M aintains rela tions with RA 's and Student Activ ity 
Coordinators of each College, 
Qua lific ation.: Prior on-campus event coordination experience 
required. Ability to fo llow through, meet dead lines a nd coordinate 3 
s tudent s taff. Knowledge o ' desk10p publishing and word processing 
programs such as Quark, Adobe Illustrator, Photoshop, M icrosoft W ord 
and Excel. 
To Apply: Send a cover letter a n d resume to: University Centers 
M arketing Dept., A ttn: M arketing Coordinator, Mail code 0 076. Or drop 
off at Room 2 .323 on the 2nd level in the Price Cen ter, 

STUDENT SPECIAL 
Need Space? We 're the Place! 

ACCESS DAILY 6 AM TO 10 PM 

• 

3 Rairs of color 
DISPOSABLES * 

Free color variety packs for light 
or dark eyes when you buy 12 
pairs of FreshLookl'l clear 
d isposabes . (6-mo. supply) 

Exam, follow-up, solutions, $149 
6 rna, of FreshLooks® Clear, 
3-pair Rainbow variety pack . Atler Mfrs $40 rebale 

DAILY WEAR EXTENDED WEAR 

$89** $99** 
COMPLETE 2 PAIRS B&L FW 

•• All .pecial. includo lemo., exam, .yeearo ~'I and fallow up v,,,1 
A.ligmol,c lem", high.r. Nol val,d w,lh any ath.r oll.r 

aile .. expire 8/31/98 

Roam HlLLI. , 0 [), - StEVEN TAYMAN, 0 ,0 , 

COSTA V ERDE CENTER 
8650 GENESEE AVE, STE_ 220 (619)452-7374 

FASHION VA LLEY CENTER 
NEAl SAKS fifTH AYENUE (619)295·0537 

M,F 10·7 - SAT 10·6 - I' Y ONIyl SUN, 11 -6 

Tuesday, May 26, 1998 

have a tour date in your area, No experience 
necessary! Calt 3t0l551·1451. (5121·6/4) 
Sti)1 10000ing tor that perlect outside job in the 
beautifut Sierras? Jameson Ranch Camp seeks 
counselors who can be positive rote models and 
teaCh programs like waterl ront, horses, theater, 
cralts" Etc, At private, selt sufficient children's 
camp. Rm, Bd, Plus $22oo/Summer, Calt 800-
696-9062 tor application , Email 
theJamesons It Jamesonranchcamp,com orvisit us 
al www.jamesonranchcamp.com (5I2t -28) 

Fineen 
Seconds. 

That's all il takes to change your 
life forever, Make a simple phone call 
10 learn more about a tremendous 
ground-floor business opportunity, 

With Excel Communications, 
you have the opportunity to earn 
immediate cash and long term , 
residual income. It's a simple pian 
that lets you earn money by gathering 
long distance cus torners and 
recruiting others to do the same, 

We offer customers great long 
distance services with competitive 
rales and tremendous discounts, We 
offer you a percentage of their 
monthly long distance bi lls. 

To learn more about becoming 
an Independent Representative with 
Excel Communications, call today, 

1-541-385-1938 
(Automated Information line) 

' .. D . ..... D ... ,. . . ....... " a Tlv . 
_ ........ _·G 
-~. -- ~ ~-~--,. ..... CO ..... UNIC.TI O ... . 

Customer Servlce/Ollice Support , Provide 
customer service & clerical suppon tor our Sears 
Homelile office support area, and we will arrange 
a great career tor you wltlexiblehours, competitive 
salary and benetits, Apply in person Sears 
Homeli'e LaJoita Vi.age Square625-9140, Come 
check out career side 01 Sears Homellte. EOEI 
AA, (512 1·26) 
BABYSITIER part-time tor 1017 year olds, Must 
enioy childrenlbe active, Needed Friday nights. 
S7lhour. Own transportation, 481·5391. (5/21 -61 
1) 
BabySiner wanted lor occasional childcare tor 3 & 
5 year oIds, Must have car. Call 793·03531 leave 
message, (.:.5I,::c2.c.l -=c26:.:.) _____ -,-__ 
Someone to help produce and create training and 
mar1<eting videos tor a national speaker and trainer. 
Please call Ellalne aI547-3480, (5I2t·~ 
Writer to assist a national speaker and trainer 10 
write operating and training manuals, Also helping 
with Ihe production ot training videos, Please call 
Ellaine at 547-3 480 (5121-26) __ _ 

Yoh Scientific needs: 
- Chemisls 

- Biochemists 
-Microbiologists 

-Mo)ccu lar Biologists 
- Rcscarch A ssociates 

- LabTcc hnicians/A ssi stanl s 
- Chcmical Engi ncers 
Fax (6 19)622-9048 

P hone (6 19)622-9005 

LM~!'l 
TEACHERS- PRESCHOOL Summer/Fall FT/PT 
& Substitute posHions availabte on campus t 2 
ECE "nits req'd Send resume to: ICNS 0018· 
UCSD la Jotta, CA 92093·0018. (5121 -26) 
Help me and I will help you, Active couple seeking 
long-term live In help, Includes helping with kids 
and lighl housekeeping, Twoblockstrom campus, 
Inetudes room and board and pay, Call Gee Gee 
at 452-8053 (512 t -6/1) 

learn Bartending 

619-296-0600 
TECHNICAL SUPPORT:- Math, science, or 
computer majors-Busy Encinijas company needs 
enthusiastic person with excellent communication 
skills , anention to detail, and extensive Windowsl 
DOS experience, Help sening up custom sohware, 
answering questions, and solving sonware 
problems, t 5-25 HOURSIWEEKS@ 59,5G'HOUA. 
CAll l-BQO-776-6651 , (5I2t ·28) 
Assistant 800t<keeper wanted in a busy office, 
Knowledge 01 Excel and Qulckbooks preterred, 
Fax resume to Melissa 0 459-1 t 27 (5121 ·6/4) 

www. 4CRS.com 
Win a free computer 

Free service to 
CoUege students 

A rapidly growing TranstatlonlPubhshlng company 
is ing tor a ful/-tlm. creative indlvlduat WIth 
strong computer and organizatIOnal sk,lI s 101 
De ktop Publ ishing and Otllce Management. 
Please call us at 563-8060 or e-mail youl resume 

• to e~oymentOsputnikts ,com (5126,614) 

Tuesday, May 26, 1998 

Summer Work. Inside Sales, Pan·time hours, 
Protessional fun environment. NO NIGHTS, NO 
WEEKENDS, $8,57Ihr, 450-0850, (5126·6/4) 
Gymnastic teache~s needed tor mobile program, 
Children ages 2-12, Interested, call (6 t 9)5 16-
9994, Energy and dependability a muSI. Aexible 
hours, (5126) 

www.4CRS.com 
Get a job 
Free service to 

CoUege students 
18·22 Hrl Average, Incoming sales calls only. 
Other openings No exp, required Interview Tues 
5126 3pm 2515 Camino del Rio South # 120 San 
Diego, CA. 92108, (619)295-5752, (5126-6/4) 
Assist retired college protessor to organize new 
office and help in preparation 01 manuscript. (51 
26) 
Bookkeeping assistance wanted to pay bills, track 
finances , record entries; mUSl be 'amiliar with 
Quicken, (5126) 

EMPLOYMENT 

Research 
Secretary 
GENSET, a ra p idly growin g 
i n ter n a t io n a l g e no mics 
c ompa n y w ith offices in L a 
J oll a, seeks outs t an d i n g 
R esearch Secretary to assist 
senior R& D management. 
Three years exp erience in 
m e d ical researc h or biotech 
preferred . M us t have 
excellent organization , 
com mu nica t ion and 
ad m inistrative skills, 
Flexible, abi li ty to work in a 
fast-paced environment. 
A ssociates Degree or better 
required. 

Please mail resumes 
with cover leiter to: 

HR Dept, 
GENSET 

8 7 5 P r o s pect St . #206 
La Jolla , CA 92037 or 
Fax to (619)551 -3001_ 

NO PHONE CALLS PLEASE , 

Student to help retired Protessor to move books 
and research 10 new ottice, (5126) 
Garden Help, Summer, Pan-time, S8,001hr. 1 or2 
days a week, leave name and telephone #, 645· 
8682, (5126·6/1) 
Restaurant La Jolla Shores, PT/FT cashier, counler 
help, no experience necessary, we train , start now 
or atter linals , leave message,Kevin 273·8623. (5/ 
26-6/4) 
Structural/Mechanical Engineer senior needed to 
redesign a spring mechanism on blueprint to be 
used in making a mold, Must have knowledge ot 
spring mechanics, Wage is negotiable, Call scon 
428·7876 or e·mail sccheng@sprynet.com (5126) 
Secretary/Receptionist. PT/FT. Exciting art 
company, Seeks hard worker, positive attitude, 
computer literate, Type 45+wpm, $8+/hr. Call 
Alan at (619) 558·6615 .134, (5126·6/4) 

ROOMMATES 
Beautitul Mira Mesa Apt.. seeking triendly coot 
roommate , 10 min, .rom UCSD, Near lots ot 
restaurants + stores, Available ASAP or slaning 6/ 
1/98. $404,50 tor own room , lily @ 578·7032, (4/ 
13·5128) 
Roommate needed tor 3 bedroom, 1,5 balhcondo 
near UTC. S4201mo, + tl3 utilities, JI.vaiiable stan 
611. Includes pool, park, Please call Shawna at 
452-2236, (5/4·28) 
Female roommate needed lor 4 bedroom UTC 
townhome, Own room, share bath, wid, pool , 
$295 + 1/4 utilities, Call 455·6246, (5114-28) 
Femate roommate tor 3 bedroom Clairmont Mesa 
apartment. S260/month + tl3 utilities, Available 
June, Kerry at 505·4672, (5118·26) 
Female roommalewanted, 1 slngleroomavaiiaOle 
mld·June thru Sept. t Sin UTC 10wnhouse, $4001 
month + 1/4 utilIties, IndUdespoot. parkIng, washer 
& dryer, Close to bus, grocery, elc, Call 453·8513 
(5It8·28) 
la JolialUTC area room lor rant lirst summer 
session, S360/month + t /4 utilities, Near bus and 
Vons, Call Brent 558-5980, (5126) 
Roommate wanted to share 3 Bedroom! t .5 8ath 
townhome with two other lemales, Female 
preterred, male okay, Must be responSIble and a 
non-smoker, 5 minutes trom campus, $4501 
month,tl3 U1RltiBS Call 638·8151 tor more Inlo 
and ask tor Katy/Felicla, (5126,28) 
Female wanted, Rent OWN room 53101month. 
Garage , washerldryer, pool. Deposit plus 1/4 
utihties, Available 6/15. 622-0998, (5126-28) 
Room tor Rent. Months 01 June, July, August 
Large master bedroom with tun bath in Mira Mesa, 
Call Nicole 638-78:.;37..:. . .!.:(5I26:=..:-fJ..:.4,-) ___ _ 
Single room available tor summer. Master 
bedroom, tumished. Near UTC. S375/month + II 
4 ~ilities, Ca! Bomie 638- t879, Femalepreterred 
(5I26-fJt) 
Two Rooma, UTC , Clean, cO,ol , comp~t~r 

engineering Jr, shares, Parklike, large patio, pool. 
Males only, Call Brad (6t9) 638-0331. (5126-6/4) 
Summer roommate, Huge condo own room + 1/2 
utilities, Washer/dryer included, 6It5-8/31 at la 
Regencia, Call Sean (619) 487-4740, $535,00 (51 
26·28) 
Female roommate wanted·available tor Summer, 
Near campus, NS, S3501month + 114 utilities, Call 
Sheri 455·0902, (5126) 

FOR RENT 
Ocean Front Complex, 2 bedroom 2,5 bath condo, 
cathedral ceilings, sky tights, pools, tennis, quiet. 
availabte Sept. -June, Solana BeaCh, S13OO· 
$ 1400lmonth, 481 -2205 (5111-6/4) 

------

Huge Masterbedroom available June I , Genesee 
Highlands, $410 per monlh + 1/3 ulilities, own 
bathroom lisa 457-7986, (Si t 4·26) 
4 bedroom hOuse in Del Mar, Walk to beach! 
village, t 58 7th St. 53000,00 monthlyear lease, 
(619) 509·1471. (5/14-26) 
Two rooms availabte 9/1 in Mira Mesa Town 
House5263,501mo, Near stores, community pool , 
15 min trom UC~D Megan 547-9093, (5114·28) 
Room available, Walk to UCSD. Bus stop nearby, 
Pool/jacuzzi, 3 bed , $383,331month + 1/3 utilities, 
Available 7/1 lor summer andlor year. Kyndra 
450-9818, (5/ t 8·26) 
Beautilul 3 br.l t ,5 bath condo near UTC, Partially 
tumished, Close to shopping , UCSD, Available 
late June, $1350. Call Nasrin at (619)450-3690 
ext, 334 , (5118·26) 
For Rent Creme Putt 5 Bedroom House in 
University City, Needs Responsible Occupanls, 
Available June 15, (619) 578·4257, (5I2 t -6/4) 
FOR RENT· Playmor 3 Bedroom! 1.5 bath 
Townhouse. New Carpet, large patio, Comer 
location, Easy access to UCSD. Quiet. Available 
July 1, 578·4257, (5121-6/4) 
FOR RENT- One, Two, or Three Bedroom 
Townhomes, NearUCSDiUTC/Bus, Clean large 
Rooms, Available Summer or Fall, (619) 578· 
4257, (5121-6/4) 
looking lor 1 or2 apartmentmates tor a tumished, 
t bedroom in a 2 bedroom!2 balh apartment. Near 
UCSD/Bus Stop/shopping centers, June t 6· 
September, $29012 people or $560/1 person, 
OrtenaiSheenlng @ 452-7225/677-0224 , (5121· 
614) 
Single room In a condo tor renl in Summer, Five 
minutes to UCSD, Clean , quiel and triendly 
roommales, S3751mo, Call (619) 638·1923, (5121-
6/4) 
MlF tor t room In UTC area T ownhome, $3331mo, 
+ tl3 utililies, Available 6/15 to 9/1, Call Rich @ 
558· t 969. (512 t -26) 
Summer room tor rent in Clairemont townhome, 
Pay June , July, August and 1/2 September. 53001 
mo + t /4 utilities, Friendly, non-smOking, no pets, 
Jen 558- t979, (5I2t-28) 
FOR RENT: Mission Beach, taking applications 
fO/ 9 month school year (98·99), Ocean tront walk, 
2 br, 2ba" furnished, no pets, responsib le stUdents, 
no parties, 488·1395, (51::.2=-.6,.:·6/'-.4.:..) _:-:-:-:-_ 
Female wanted. Rent OWN room S31O/month. 
Garage, washer/dryer, pool. Deposit plus 1/4 
uli1ities. Available 6/15, 622·0998, (5126·28) 
Single room, private bath. $3851month + 1/3 
uli1itles, Female, Walk 10 UCSD and shopp,ng, 
Available 6/t 5 tor summer andlor year, Call 638-
Ot43, (5126·28) 
Big room lor rent! Summer only! 1 br.ll ba , 2 
minutes from UCSD, pooVpark, storage $4501 
month, Cail Vanessa 657-9227, (5126,614) 
Female needed to share room in 4 bedroom! 2 
bath house in Universily city, $2581rnon lh + 1/6 
utilities, Available 6/t3, Calilili at 622·96t7, (51 
26-28) 
la Jolla $495-$600, Fumished bedrooms with 
phone ine, cable/pvt , ent. , kit. prevs,. ufilities 
included. Nosmoking or pels, (619) 459-6322, (51 
26·6/4) 
Summer Rental. Huge condo at La Regencia, 
Washer/dryerlnduded,6/15·flI31, Sean487·4740, 
$1065,00 (5126_,2...:8) __ _ 
2 bedroom apanment tor renl summer only, $5751 
month, 5200,00 retundable deposit , Telephone' 
538·4648, (5126) 
La Jolla tumished masler bedroom In 2 bedroom! 
2 balhroom apanmenl available tor summer only, 
$525, Call Trenor 678·0553, (5126-6/4) 

FOR SALE 
Surlboard, 6' Fineline, Good condition wlwax and 
leaSh, $110 o,b.o. Manhew 296-8683, (5118-28) 
For Sale: T'Z' , 20 3/4 x 2 314, Surlboard shaper 
Carl Hayward, Ideal tor beginnerslinlermediate, 6 
monlhs old, Excellent cond,tion. Boughllor $385, 
seil tor $245, Call Ben (619) 587-9147 pr call Ra) 
(6 19)587-9 194, (5It8-26j _____ _ 
Sailboat: Aleutka 25 Heavy wealher offshore 

The UCSD G uardian 

pocket cruiser, Stove, lots 01 storage, sleeps 2, 
Cheap liveaboard rent. $1600 OBO. 453-1955, 
(512 1·614) 
Surlboards: T4"X18x2 318 Blue Hawa. pintail gun 
$ t 20, 6'1O'XI8.5"x2,5" G&S squashtail single tin 
S80, 5'6"x 22"x3"lish 560, All good condition, 453· 
1955, (5121 ·28) 
For sale, BedlS150, desk/S50, desk chair/S25, 
couch with lold oul bed/$200, Dark wood 
entertainmenl easelS tOO, Call 535-0355, (5126-61 
4) ____ _ 
Cheap 'umiture, good conditIon. Bed with Irame 
550, TV stand StO, 3'xl 5" Fridge $45, O,B 0 
Musl gol 622·0998, (5126-28) 
Contemporary tutorVcouch- deep black - tor sale, 
Was $450 - now $150/ O,B,O, Call at 652-5143, 
(5126·2..,;8..:..) __ _ 
For Sale: 1989 Plymoulh Colt -2 door, halchback, 
83K mileage, sitver, recent tune· up, runs great. 
$1 ,000, Call 450-9002, (5126·6/1) 
93 Honda 80cc scooter lor sale, low miles Minor 
engine problem but in greal condition $600 0 ,8,0 , 
Call 824·0570, (5126·28) 

~ ANT E D 
WE'RE lOOKING FOR A FEW GOOD SPERM. 
All races needed, Donors must be 20·38 years, 
Compensation 550 per acceptable donation, Call 
OPTIONS (800) 886·9373, (212·6/4) 

~~~~~~ 
~WOMENWHO ~ 
~ ARE PROUD ~ 
~ of t heir heri tage, you ~ 
; may be eligible to be an ; 

~ egg donor if you are ~ 
~ 21-28 years , healthy, ~ 
~ responsible , ~ 
~ Call Stephanie , FFC ~ 
~ 61 9·581·1820 ~ 
~ GENEROUS ~ 
~ COMPENSATION ~ 
~ Asian donors n"d, d ~ 

~~~~~~ 
Jewish American subjects reimbursed tor interview, 
It you are a UCSD sludent, 21·25, call 552-8585 
x4 185 tor more inlormation,(1112,6I4) 

EGG DONORS 
WANTED 

If you are a healthy female 
between the ages of 19 and 30 

and have health insurance. 

Compe_nsallon $3,500_ 
Call Mirna Navas at 

(310) 829-6782 
for more info , 

EGG DONORS NEEDED I Have you considered 
helping an infertile couple's dream come lrue? II 
you're 21 ·30 years and willing to help, please call 
OPTIONS at (800) 886·9373, All races needed, 
Compenallion 53,500. (3I30-fJ4) 
Jewish American subjects reimbursed tor Interview, 
It you are a UCSD student, 21 -25, call 552-8585 
x4185 lor more inlormation, (3I30~/4_) __ _ 
Males and temales paid $30,00 lor interview, It 

you are ot Japanese, Korean, or Chinese descent 
call VA, 552-8585 x2t82, (3130-6/4) 
Cheeper Peepers! Eye exam and complele pair o. 
glasses- only 499, 10 minutes trom UCSD. Dr. 
Selby O,D, 578-6796. (5118-6/4) 
CONTACTS· Exam, FIning, Follow-Up, One pair 
DW solt contacts· only 589, Ask about our 
Incredible colored lens oHar, Dr. Selby 0 " 578-
6796, (5I t8·6I4) 
EXTRA MONEYIII SKIN BtOPSY lor Cystic 
Fibrosis StUdy, Wanted: Normal male volunteers 
to donale 4 skin plugs (back/shoulder) 575,00 
compensation, StUdy site: UCSD Medical Center 
(H,lIcrest) , Call 543·6935 or e-
mail:hbyun@ucsd edu 575 lor your skinl (5126) 

SERVICES 
Pauport photo., 55.95, Color le.er Cople., 
69 cents Caple., B&W, 3.5 cents, Cal Copy, 
452·9949 (wilD), (412·6/4) 
Typing Service, 10 pages 525, t 5 pagesS30, Pick 
ups M,W,F;Wililype in youroHicel Leave message 

~10·581 ·9061 , (4/16-6/_4,-) ____ _ 
Cheeper Peepers! Eye exam and completepairot 
glasses only 599, Ten minutes tram UCSD, Dr. 
Selby O,D, 578·6796, (5111·6/4) 
CONTACTS· Exam, mting, tollow-up, one pair 
DW So1tcontacts - onty S89, Ask about our 
Incredible colored lens oller, Dr, Selby 0 ,0, 578-
6796, (Si t 1·6/4) 

Psychotherapy: Individual and couples Iherapy, 
in a supportive and caring environment, to help 
you deal with Personal, Family & School Pressures, 
Relationship Issues, Depression, loss, Anxiety, 
Pregnancy, Selt Esteem, Motivation, Career 
Issuas, etc, laurie Kolt , Ph, D., PsyChologist 
(lic#PSY8556), la Jolla 456·2005, (5126) 

LOST & FOUND 
lost: Silver men's ring wlblack engraving, lost on 
514 near lib'ary Walk! Cenler Hall, Reward 
ollerred, Please call 558·2393, (517·6/4) 
Found: Set ot 3X5 index cards tound in BE231 C 
(Warren leclure Hall 2207) on April 30th, Come to 
E8UI, Room 4109 to pick up, (511 t·6/4) 
lost: a small silver & gold walch (Guess brand) , 
I'm desperate!! Have you seen it? Call Jessica 
534·5226, (5/14·6/4) 

CLASSIFIEDS 17 

PERSONALS 
'Just Run 10 the Arms 01 the One !hat loves You.' 
(5126) 
The unthinkable happened the other day, Two 
groups ot protesters were at the Chancello(s 
complex; there was an awkward liheen minutes 
betore theyatt realized they were actually protesting 
each other, (5126) 
Excuse me , President Suhano, but I believe I 
ordered tries with Ihls mllal. (5126) 
Amelle Simpson Is dragged out ot her car, which 
she crashed into the side 01 a house, flunks the 
drunk test, and pleads innocent In court , She 
bener lind the real drunk or drunks, Suggestion 
trom dad: try the goll course, (5126) 

/ Serving UCSD For 7 Over 3D Yesrs 
-CAMERAS 

-LENSES 

-BINOCULARS 

-DARKROOM 
SUPPLIES 

All II Discount priess! ' 
UCSD P. D. W IICCS tsd! I 

459·7355 
7720 Fay Ave, La Jolla CA 
www.bobdaviscamera.com 

~~;UJ/1E PAClGtQ~ 
~\' $24 25 

- One page resume professiona lly typeset_ 
(Regularly 534 95) 

- Resume on disk for updating, 
2S Print.ed resumes on your choice of fine quality resume paper 
with 2S ma tching envelopes. 

Offer t:xpir es May 31, 1998. 

Coste Verde Shopping Center I UTC 
8650 Genesee I\ve" Ste. 200 

San Diegu, 1\ 92122 
(619) 457-9500 

~SPEC'ALS! 
Mira Mesa 

SELF-STORAGE 
7044 Randers Drive 

t/ NEW, CLEAN, SECURE t/ HILTON QUALITY AT MOTEL 8lM PRICES 
t/ ALL GROUND FLOOR UNITS t/ NO SECURITY DEPOSIT or ADMIN_ FEES 

t/ ONLY $10 REFUNDABLE DEPOSIT REQUIRED 
't/ CALL FOR GUARANTEED RESERYATION WITH CREDIT CARD 
t/ U·HAUL TRUCKS AVAILABLE 

3,d MONTH FREE 
5x5's a 5xl0's 

o 

453-0511 .. 



18 SPORTS 

It's amazihg what earnings of S100k can do for you. 
Just ask the top sales people of the Inside sales 
team at Mastering ComPuters. a rapidly growing 
leader in IT training. 

Mr:roMtt 
.... 1M. 

Join UI in Phoenix, Arizona 
........ .--1IMIIha 

Eaming potential up to S 1 oak 
• a-...E....a-

• ... Lull QUIllIn 
$9.62 per hOur base pay. plus the 
opportunity 10 earn weekly bonuses 

Eamlng potential up 10 $40k * part·lime also available * 

No weekend or evening hours, so you'll have time to enjoy your earnings. 
Please send a resume to: Materin& Computers, '201 East Mountain VIew 
RNd, Sliel Recruiting Depertmenl, 
SUIte 200, SconIdIIe, Al I52SI. fa: 
(602) 657-4010. EmlU, Eden_tlulns@ 
M8IlcringCompulerLcom. 
see us 3t: www.masteringcomputers.com 
on the Web. EOE 

This is the opportunity of a life time to travel 
and make money. Qualify as a Daewoo' Campus 
Advisor and get a lBEE. trip· to Korea. Then 
you'll be at the center of a unique marketing 
program that will launch Daewoo into the U.S 
market during 1998.** 

From the moment you arrive in Seoul, Korea 
this summer your days will be crammed full of 
exciting, new experiences. You1l see Daewoo prod-
ucts, visit Daewoo production facilities and enjoy 
Koreln culture, The "Discover Doewoo" program 
is an experience you'll never forget 

The UCSD ·Guardian 

NATIONALS: 
Four Tritons named 
AlI-Americans 
Continued from ..... 20 
Tim Prudence ran the 4oo-meter 
intermediate hurdles in a time of 
54.23, good enough to earn him 
14th in the preliminary round , but 
not good enough for him to make it 
to Saturday's final s. 

Senior runner Courtney Gray 
led the women's team with a strong 
showing. She ran a personal best in 
the 8oo-meter preliminaries with a 
time of 2: 15.06 and ran the finals in 
an impressive time of 2: 16.09, 
placing her fourth overall in the 
event and giving the Tritons their 
fourth and final All -American per-
formance over the three-day meet. 

Then when you return to 

"Courtney was simply outstand-
ing," Van Arsdale said. "She ran 
tremendously in both the prelimi-
nary and final round ." 

In other women 's events, fresh -
man Nicole Rodriguez ran the 400-
meter intermediate hurdles in her 
second-bes t time of the year, 
I :03.64, and ju t barely missed 
qualifyi ng for final s by .17 of a sec-
ond , fini shing 10th in the field . 

"It was my best race of the sea-
son, competitively and condition-
wise," Rodriguez said. ' 'The caliber 
of the competition was amazing. It 
was a good experience for me. 
Hopefully next year I will take the 
feeling of disappointment about not 
reaching the finals this year and 
tum out a better performance." 

In the final event, sophomore 
Lilian Liu was unable to overcome 

collegtl as a Daewoo Campus 
Advisor,*** you'll have the oppor-
tunity to earn money and purchase 
a new Daewoo car at a substantial discount. 

Help build a new car company by helping us 
market Daewoo cars during your spare time. 

• Compk/e,(daU. wUl IJe prooid.od.t. /a /er chrt •. 
... RuJ4!' o(thu p~mm may vary to comply luilh oonou, &taU! ITRula/l()/1& 

. . .. S,,~t to elig,billty and quaU(UXllionA 

Tuesday, May 26, 1998 

a fault in her first jump and fini shed 
20th in the triple jump with a mark 
on 0.61 meters. 

. "Lilian just came off a severely 
sprained ankle," Van Arsdale said. 
"But we both felt that she had done 
the best she could." 

Van Arsdale was proud of all the 
athletes Ihat competed thi s weekend. 

"We had six athletes competing 
in eight events and we came away 
with four All-American perfor-
mances," Van Arsdale said. ' 'To say 
that we competed wonderfully 
would be a great understatement." 

This year's Triton track and 
field team finished on a high note 
with strong performances all 
around. With so many on the team 
coming back next year, it seems 
likely that the team will only 
improve next season. 

You are cordially 
. invited to place 
an advertijemenl in 

the 

graduation 
-.!Jddue 

0/ 
GUARDIAN 

~hurjda'l' June 4 
AD DEADLINE: 
Mon. June 1 

CALL 
(619)534-3466 

TODAY 
TO RESERVE YOUR 

AD SPACEI 
'Applies to new placements only 

Tuesday; Mily 26, 1998 TIle UCSD Guardian 

Two Leaders Say Goodbye to Men's Soccer 
FAREWELL: Next year the UCSD men's soccer squad is expecting big things, but the Tritons will have to accomplish their goals 
without two of their emotional leaders - Andy Ewald and Diego Castenada - as they will be graduating and moving on 
By Travis Hili 
Sports Editor 

The world has patiently waited, 
and now it's here. The World Cup is 
upon us, and with it an explosion of 
hysteria . The opening 
match is only 15 short 
days away. An internation-
al soccer f renz y is rapidly 
approaching, focusing the 
sporting world on its most 
popular sport. 

As soccer continues to 
gain popularity in the U.S. , 
the spectacle of the World 
Cup will open even more new fans' 
eyes to the sport. In fact , this sum-
mer's events in France will most 
likely result in a new crop of play-
ers taking the pitch. 

team. 
Castenada was a fantastic mid-

fielder from Davis; in fact, he 
played for the same high school 
side as John Brandon, the outstand-

ing Triton defender/mid-
fielder. Castenada was 
faced with a difficult deci -
sion upon his entry into 
UCSD: could he be an 
effective student-athlete'/ 
As everyone here knows, 
the strain of attempting to 
get into medical school 
requires all of one's focus. 

Castenada, while good enough to 
make the team, decided to focus on 
greatness in the classroom. 

As he entered his fi fth year at 
UCSD, though, the curiosity of 
seeing what he could do on the 
field was too much. 

"I had to see if I could make it," 
Castenada said. "And fortunately, 
[Armstrong] put me on the team." 

~ 
--

I 

For many at UCSD, an intro-
duction is not necessary. Most Tri-
tons are already familiar with the 
school's most popular and success-
ful sport . Those familiar with the 
men's soccer squad in particular 
have wide eyes for the summer, but 
for next year's prospects as well. 

But these fans will be saddened 
by the news that two of the team 's 
better players - Diego Castenada 
and Andy Ewald - will be gradu-
ating. 

Castenada was a role player on 
the team, who unfortunately didn 't 
get as many minutes as he should 
have. Nevertheless, his impact was 
felt on and off the field. 

courtesy of UCSD Athletic Department 
Andy: Mr. Ewald was an outstanding four-year 
player for the Triton~. 

Courtesy of UCSD Athletic Department 
Diego: Mr. Castenada was a great player who 
unfortunately played one season for the Tritor\s. 

"Diego was a great guy to have 
on the team," Assistant Coach Ted 
Przybylek said. "He had a great 
altitude. He kept everyone loose off 
the field. We needed his maturity." 

experience as a Triton soccer play-
er is something he will not forget. 

tremendous skill." 
In addition to his ability: Ewald 

was also a very smart player. He 
knew the game extremely well. 

this season and played especially 
well in UCSD's first-round playoff 
loss to Claremont College. 

Head Coach Derek Armstrong 
has put together a group of talent-
ed, but young, players. The experi-
enced leadership of Ewald, a four-
year Triton, and the maturity of 
Castenada were very important in 
the development of Armstrong's 

Castenada graduated last quar-
ter, and plans to spend the next year 
working at UCSD's medical 
school. He then hopes to pursue his 
original goal of being a doctor. His 

Ewald is a player who will not 
soon be forgotten . The 
defender/midfielder from Oak Park 
High in Agoura was known for hi s 
array of skills - especially hi s 
booming shots on goal. 

If it hadn't been for his lack of 
speed, Ewald could have been a 
dominanl player. As it was, Ewald 
was always a great contributor. He 
look a redshirt freshman year, then 
played for the nexllhrec. He played 
in all but two of UCSD's matches 

Ewald does have one more year 
of eligibility, but he will be in 
Spain studying during the soccer 
season next year. So, unfortunately, 
he has played his last match as a 
Triton. "He had a shotgun of a leg," 

Prlybylek said. "He also had great 
touch on the ball as well. He had 

"We're really going 10 miss him 
next year," przybylek said. 

11/'11/.1 Ii,h I III " III. '" {II il/. {/'"'' /(/1. " "fI./. III, 
o •• : , '.. • •••• y gy p yy 
Student Organizations are encouraged to advertise in this by filling out the 
form located outside the A.S. Secretary's office on the 3rd floor of the Price 
Center or e-mail us (subject: Synergy): asucsd@ucsd.edu. Submissions are 
due each Wednesday at noon for the next Monday's issue. 

URBAN CONTEMPORARY 
MUSIC SERIES 
"JUS' KICKIN' IT" THIS FRIDAY, MAY 29TH L.....-..---1. 
1 2 Noon in the Price Center plaza ... Join us for the TGIO 
Nooner featuring J u r ass i c 5 & the Belizean Hip Hop 
of the WoodDwellas! 

Greek Step Show 
featuring seven fraternities and Hot Link 

sales by AASU. 1 2-1 :30pm [SAAC in da house] 

VOLUNTEER CONNECTION 
Volunteer tutor needed to assist a Greek/Romanian female 
with English conversation in the UTC area. Knowledge of a 
2nd language is not required and there is no minimum time 
commitment. Please contact Adriana @ 619.622.0902 if 
interested. 
A friendly senior citizen with disabilities would like some 
light homemaking and grocery shoppin assistance. She 
lives near Genesee & Governor. Would prefer someone to 
come once 
a week, late afternoon (except Thurs.). If interested 
please call Carol Rosbith @ 619.453.6102 

534-4450 
http://asucsd.ucsd.edu 

POSITIONS AVAILABLE: 
. 

mmln 
Assistant Programmer S 
Assistant Festivals Coordinator S 
Events/Promotion Coordinator 
Graphics Designer 
Posting Director 
Publicity Coordinator 
Anybody interested in Programming 

Application due before 4 pm on Wed. 5/27 S=Stipends 

PReSidentiaL 
Executive Advocates 
Executive . Public Relations Coordinator 

Application due before 4 pm on Fri. 5/29 
iNteRnAL 
Rep to Career Services Renovation Project 

Application due end of 70th week 
FinANce 
Anybody willing to work!!! 

Go to the 3rd floor of the Price Center to apply 

-

-.... 

-

• 



.... 

20 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian Tuesday, May 26, 1998 

., .... " .. 
..,. ...... ..., 
_ ..... .. 

0,.lI,l Dey tIIrit6 
.,.. ".,..", ."... 
.. fIIa,"''''''' 

.... .."..., .. ""'1 
... , ... ...., .... , ... " 
.",,-.'. PORT~ 

Still A 
Cynic 
Sean Rahlml 
World Cup Fever: 
Only 15 More Days 

Can you feel it? 
Another May winds down, 

fading fast and furious in San 
Diego to make room for June 
and her days of sun and fun. In 
these parts, most folks are busy 
taking care of those dreaded 
finals preparations. They' re 
squabbling over who gets the 
master bedroom in the new 
apartment. They argue about 
which cheating method to use 
on Ihat damned O-chem fi nal. 
Some have to part wi th 27 more 
do llars for a cap and gown 
they' ll have to return before 
Dad takes a family picture. 

Can you see it ? 
Take a closer look and you' ll 

fi nd something else. Among the 
Garcias, Thompsons, Nguyens 
and even Rahimis, a strange and 
wonderful consc iousness begins 
to grow. It 's a pass ion that 
comes out of its lair but once 
every four years. It 's an emotion 
that rises to unparalleled 
heights. You can paint your face 
in different colors or just scream 
at the top of your lungs among 
fri ends. Go ahead, leave your 
worries behind. Take a trip to a 
place where comrades and ene-
mies alike cheer for one team. 

Can you find it? 
In San Diego, Manchester, 

Johannesburg, Trenchtown and 
Paris millions of people are get-
ting ready. They aren' t prepar-
ing for finals. They're not plan-
ning for graduation. What 
they're waiting for is bigger. 
With every day that goes on, the 
anticipation of the event grows 
to a fever pitch. It 's just a game 
to some, but for many of us out 
there, it's much more. Priorities 
get switched around. Pride and 
patrioti sm overtake modesty 
and logic. Loyalty and alle-
giance dash ahead of rationality 
and sensibilit y. It 's tough to 
describe and harder to put into 
words. Like a parasite consum-
ing its host, the golden fever 
spreads around the globe. 

Can you hear it? 
Thirty-two countries from 

around the world will carry the 
hopes and dreams of their coun-
trymen to Pari s to compete in 
the World Cup in 15 days. Some 
will be favorites, and others will 
be long shots. Will it be Brazil 
or Italy? Can England or Spain 
break the spell ? What about the 
United States or Germany? At 
thi s moment in time, each and 
every one of these countrie has 
a shot to raise the go lden boot in 
a blaze of glory. Each and every 
team believes it will conquer its 
foes - claiming the greatest 
prize in sports. They embark on 
a mission in the name of their 
brothers and si ters. To be the 
be t in the world . 

Can you feel it now? 

Jim Leytand 

Six Tritons represented UCSD last weekend at the National Finals 
By Saul Sheridan 
Staff Writer 

Th is was it. For those UCSD 
athletes who worked so hard to 
make it this far, thi s was when they 
put it all on the line, when they left 
everyth ing on the fie ld. It was put 
up or shut up time, time to give 11 0 
percent. 

Whatever cl iche you wish to 
apply, there was no mistaking that 
thi s was the day that many on the 
Triton track and fi eld team had 
worked for all season long. This 
was the NCAA Division m Track 
and Field National Championships. 

UCS D sent six athletes to 
National Championships at 
Macalester College in St. Paul , 
Minn. These six athletes represent-
ed the school against the very best 
competition in Division Ill . One 
might expect the Triton athletes to 
buckle under the pressure and suc-
cumb to the high level of competi -
tion. Whoever be lieves that does 
not know the character of these six 
Tritons. 

Everyone on the team took his 
or her game to the next level, and 
when it was all over, the men's 
team fini shed 13th overall and the 
women fini shed 48th overall in a 
fi eld of I 10 teams. 

The men's team was led by an 
outstanding performance from 
junior Matt Seefeld. Seefeld came 
through in clutch time with a per-

COU~TNEY_G~AY > 8JQ METE~S > 4TH 

sonal best in the hammer throw, 
fini shing with a mark of 54.54 
meters, placing him third overall in 
the event and earning him AIl -
American honors. He then went on 
to gain another All-American acco-
lade with a personal best in the shot 
put with a di stance of 16.51 meters, 
earning him fifth in the fi eld of 17. 

"This season has been the best 
season I could imagine - there is 

not a better way to end the season 
than with two All -American perfor-
mances," Seefeld said . "Once I got 
over the mental aspect of the meet 
and approached thi s meet like 
every other, it took the pressure 
off." 

Senior pole vaulter Dave Spec-
lor also gave an impressive perfor-
mance. On the Iinal day of compe-
tition, Spector vaulted to a personal 

best of 16'02.75", earning him a 
bronze medal and giving the Tri -
tons their third All-American per-
formance of the weekend. 

"The conditions were perfect 
for us thi s week," Spector said. 
''The weather was really good, and 
the track was in good shape. I was 
really happy with my perfor-
mance." 

See NATIONALS, page 18 

Two Top Tritons Earn All-Region Honors 
RECOGNITION: Mason and HilJ receive awards ; Interim Coach Dan O'Brien named Head .coach 
By Kevin Mclaughlin 
Co-Associate Sports Editor 

A pair of San Diego locals have 
brought accolades to the UCSD 
baseball team. Senior short stop 
Mark Ma on and sopho-
more third baseman Ryan 
Hill were recently named 
to the NCAA All -Region 
Baseball Team. 

Mason, who attended 
Rancho Bernardo High 
School, was named to the 
All -Region First Team. 
Mason racked up some 
impressive numbers thi s year while 
fielding a difficult position - he 
had a .435 balling average, which i 
the third-best single-sea on aver-
age in Triton hi story. 

His season total of 64 RBIs is 
second all-time at UCSD and was 

third in the region this season. 
Additionally, Mason showed some 
over-the-fence power wi th 13 
homers on the year and an .8 19 
slugging percentage. He may pos-

sibly be selected in the 
upcoming Major League 
Ba eball draft in June. 

Hill , from San Dieguito 
High School in Encinitas, 
was named to the AII -
Region Second Team for 
the second straight season. 

He hit .445 to lead 
UCSD on the year, total-

ing the second-best single-season 
average in school hi storY. 

Hill's 69 hits also rank second 
all-time at UCSD, and hi s 16 dou-
bles place him third in the record 
books. He also stole 10 bases this 
year. Hill 's career baiting average 

through two seasons is .4 15. 
The Tritons' hitting improved 

greatl y this season, breaking fi ve 
school offensive records en route to 
a 20- 18 record . 

Among the all -time marks 
established in 1998 were highs in 
team balling average (.343), runs 
per game (8 .84) and hits per game 
(12.0). The Tritons rallied fro m 
many late- inning defi cit thi s sea-
son with 'ome dramatic clutch hit-
ting and scored in double fi gures on 
many occasions. 

Crucial to the surge in UCSD's 
hitting wa hitting instructor and 
interim Head Coach Dan O' Brien. 
O' Brien was recently named the 
permanent head coach, becoming 
just the fifth head coach in the pro-
gram 's 26 years. 

O' Brien graduated from UCSD 

in 1995 and captained the 1994 
team that fini shed third in the 
NCAA Division TIl College World 
Series with a sparkl ing record of 
3-8. O' Brien played at third base 

in 1993, when he led the team in 
home runs, and switched to first 
base the next year. 

Fo llowing brief stints as an 
assistant coach at UCSD and as an 
assi tant general manager and play-
er/coach for the minor league 
Greenville (Mi ss.) Bluesmen, 
0 ' Brien returned to UCSD as an 
assistant in 1997. 

After the resignation of Head 
Coach Robert Fletcher, O' Brien 
a sumed interim duties for the 
1998 campaign. 

Hopefully the Tritons will be 
able to continue their hot hilling 
next season. 


