
Elsewhere 
Cash.er Accused of 
Stealing $63,000 
SAN DIEGO - Vanessa 
Cass, a 2 1-year-old cashier for 
the Associated Students of San 
Diego State University, plead 
innocent to a grand-theft 
charge during her arraignment 
last Thursday, despite the fact 
that she has confessed twice to 
the police. Cass, who is not a 
·tuden t, allegedly stole more 
than $63,000 from the 
cashier 's officer in 10 separate 
incidents over a five-mon th 
period. Police were alerted to 
the thefts on Feb. 14, when 
Cass reported to police that a 
cashbag containing about 
$24,000 she had left in the 
office had disappeared. A 
review of the ofli ce surveil -
lance video did not reveal 
any th ing suspic ious. 

- The Daily A Zl ee 

Activists Protest 
Animal Research 
B RKELEY - More than 
100 animal-rights activists 
gathered at UC Berkeley on 
Thursday to protest the cam-
pus ' usc of animals in experi-
ments and to show their sup-
port for Mike Kennedy. 
Kennedy has been hangi ng 
from the Campanille in a 
sling for three days to 
protest. Organized by [n 
Defense of Animals and in 
conj unction wi th World 
Week for An imals in 
Laboratories , the rally 
focused on the need to temli-
nate neurobiologica l animal 
research and to prevent the 
cons truct ion of a proposed 
$15 million neuroscience 
center on campus. 

- The Daily ClIl!{omial/ 

Art Kept Out of 
Auburn Exhibition. 
AUBURN, Ala. - A piece 
of art prepared by Auburn 
University senior Jenny Root 
wa ' deemed by fac ulty mem-
bers to be unsuitable to be 
displayed in a student art 
show. The piece, entitled 
"MotherfFather," is a large , 
two-part sculptu re that fea-
tures a "mother" element, a 
female torso wi th a white-
colored substance pumped 
through vinyl tubing in each 
piece of the sculpture, and a 
"father" clement , which has 
Iluid pumped int o a latex 
male genital area and out 
through a penis- like 
appendage. Root was given 
the option of di splaying her 
piece in a room in a building 
that is primarily visi ted by art 
students. However, Root said 
she is removing the sculpture 
as a protest against what she 
said is censorship. 

- The Plainsman 

Spoken ... 
"I'm considered one of 
the luckiest survivors 
of the world. I can still 
remember what my 
family looked like; 
most can't. " 

-DmdF .... ' 
Holocaust survivor 

see story. right 

Division II or Bust Mr. Diallo Winning ~ 
Editor explains why the faculty Features profiles Triton baseball is ~ 
have an obligation to vote in favor the departing A.s. on the hunt for a Z 
of moving from Divis'ion III to II. president. postseason berth. ... 

Opinio!', page 4 Features, page 9 Sports, page 2. 

, H E U C 5 D 

UC SAN D.IEGO MONDAY, APRIL 27, 1998 VOLUME 94, . 

Faculty To Vote on Division 'II 
SPORTS: Academic Chancellor Robert Dynes, who will Division II has been discussed of student affairs, said that moving 
Senate will decide fate 
of athletics on Tuesday 

then make the linal decision. since 1991 , when the to Division II would result in 
If Dynes approves the c.: hange, it Interco lleg iate and Recreational greater student involvcment and 

school spirit. [n addi tion, if UC D 
moves to Division II , it can CO Il1-
pete with sc.:hools equal in sile and 
~ tatll s. 

wi ll take UCSD two years to c.:oll1- Athletics Advisory ommittee 
plete the move to Division II. (lRAA ) !irst recommended the 

By Ryan Olson 
Co-News Editor 

When considering the malter, shift. · arly crforts were stym ied by 

The Academic Senate 's 
the assembly has a c.:o n~iderah l e the recession of the early 1990s that 
number of options. The assembly severely impacted the university 'S "I think that it is quite clear why 

we should move to Division 1(" 
Watson said. "The studelu s' refer-
endum vote ahout a year ago was 
clearly a strong mandate for us to 
move forward. We initiated the 
process at that time." 

may endorse the move, reject it or resolln;cs. Representati ve Assembly willllleet 
tomorrow to consider C D's pos-
sible move from AA Division 
III athletic.:s Lo Division [I. 

take no action at all . [n addition, Last spring, thc di scuss ion of 
regard less of the vote, one third of the move gained momentum when 
the representatives may a~k for a 87 percent of voting students 

Based on the outcome of 
Tuesday's meeting, the senate will 
make recommendati on to 

mail ballot vote hy the 1,400 voic.:ed their move to Division II, 
tenure-track fac.:ulty at SO. without athletic scholarships. 

CSD's pos~ible move to Joseph Watson, vice chancellor See VOTE, Page 3 

Playin' in the Park 

Event: Saturday marked the 28th anniversary of Barrio Logan's Chicano Park. The 
event featured bands, food stands, classic car competitions, and plenty of fun for the 
kids . 

Holocaust Survivor Delivers Talk 
LIFE: David Faber, who 
survived eight concentration 
camps, spoke on Thursday 
By Quyen Tu 
Staff Writer 

Holocaust survIvor David Faber shared 
memories of his horrific experiences during 
World War)[ in Nazi concentration camps with 
approximately 250 UCSD students and c9m-
munity members last Thursday night as a part 
of Holocaust Remembrance Week. 

The Polish-born survivor of eight concentra-
tion camps was very frank aboul his exlreme 
good fortune. 

"I'm a Holocaust survivor," Faber said. "I' m 
considered one of the luckiest survivors of the 
world. I can still remember what my family 
looked [ike; most can't." 

When the war broke out in 1939, Faber -
then 13 years old - was li vi ng with hi s family 
in the German-dominated city of Katowice. 

"At school , I was always beaten up by the 
other kids for being a Jew," Faber said_ "I never 
had any happiness as a child , except when I was 
with my family. 

"We knew Ihat trouble was coming," he 
continued. "Our neighbors, who were once 
upon a lime our fr-i ends, were shooting at us." 

Faber told Ihe audience how he and his fam-
ily tried to escape the Nazis. He said he espe-
cially remembered Ihe difficulties his family 
encounlered Irying 10 find shelter in the cilies 
Ihey ned to . 

"We had no money," he said. "Whetfier 
before or after Ihe war, with no money, you 
can't get anYlhing." 

According to Faber, money wasn' l Iheir 
See FABER, Page 7 

Peeping Tom 
Found in 
Locker Room 
PRIVACY: Man with video 
camera seen in Canyon view 
women 's locker room 
By Leena Shankar 
Associate News Editor 

A man was seen with a video c.:amera in the 
women's locker room of the Canyonview Pool 
complex last Monday. He was hiding in one of 
the stall s until he was spotted, when he escaped 
via the emergency exi t in the back of the room. 

Wendy Walters, a part-time lecturer of liter-
ature, was present during the incident and 
expressed di sgust wi th the fact that a man had 
been able 10 enter the locker room with a video 
camera. 

"There was a guy in the middle stall , hiding 
and watching women change with a video cam-
era," Walters said. "A peeper is one thing, but a 
peeper with a video camera is even worse. I just 
hope [ don't see myself on the [ntemet some-
day." 

The woman who spotted the man was able 
to give a full description to the UCSD police 
who are trying to find the suspecl. 

"We are trying to identify the offender ... 
this is a misdemeanor under the penal code," 
said Detective Sergeanl Bob Jones. 

"II 's pretty outrageous ... the locker room is 
as private an area as there can be," he added. 

According to Jones, this is not Ihe first lime 
that a man has been spotted in a women 's lock-
er room. 

"Nine years ago, we arrested someone for 
this and he went 10 jail," Jones said. "Two years 
ago, there was a hole in the cei ling where some-
one may have placed a camera." 

Walters said that a man was seen in the 
women's locker room even as recently as lasl 
month. 

''The woman who found the man [with a 
video camera) was suspicious because it just 
happened in the very recent past," Walters said. 

Moreover, Walters said she was outraged, 
not only because tile incident occurred, but 

See INCIDENT, Pace 3 



2 NEWS 

Lung Recipients 
Bike to San Diego 
HEAUH: Two men who received transplants at the 
UCSD Medical Center rode from Santa Barbara 
By Ryan Olson 
Co-News Editor 

was blessed with thai and I felt a 
passion to express my great gift 
and go out and promote organ 
donation and go out and promote 
CF awareness." 

, I I I I , I 

The UCSD Guardian 

LOVE, 
WHA1:f-
~OUR-DE.AL" 

ETCETERA ... 

tT ""A~ BE A PAS~tONA1&.J 
Of-STRl./aiVE 1a.~~IP, 

BVi AT l.£AST ITS 
~A~SIONA~. 

I Tol.O ~IM"l ~OOG"I 
IT WAS 8c.AIJTIFVL. RlQ. 
A M~oJ -m cQ.,=" QuT 1: 
DIQ/J', \t::.oJ()..l He'D BE: 
5uc.~ ~ Blr; BAa:!. 

Monday, April 27, 1998 

IT'S A PR€1t':1 EQUAl. 
~lA1'~IP, EXCtPr 
M OJ (;,1 /2LF QIEoJQ WOIoI'T 
A \..\,D.IJ 'l\4 E uSE O~ 

"THE \l.X)QQS "PoW~~ 
s-rRv66LE." 

j 

Two men who both received 
double-lung transplants at UCSD 
completed a 275-mile bike jour-
ney from Santa Barbara to the 
UCSD Medical Center in 
Hilkrest on Friday to celehrate 
National Organ and Tissue Donor 
Awareness Week. 

Blaauboer came to San Diego 
from New York 10 receive med-
ical trealment , and Cordova 
came from Albuquerque. Both 
men were dying from end·<tage 
lunch disease caused by cystic 

ST~LE 
WE.'Q.E. 6E.TIlol(, ON(ACtl 

O"ffiER'S ~Es" TOO 
MuC.~. "1 T\-II.,)\:: WfoJ£ED 

~::~~;;:;~;;;;~~ ~L.L ~'jF~tENOS SAY r ~ 
SHOIJl.D lEAVE Htt.l ~ a> 
HE'~ MEAtJ, A.toJ61iM, AND , Mark Blaauhoer, 31, and 

Philip Cordova. 
33. were greeted 
by 10lene KrieH. 
the surgeon who 
performed hoth of 
their transplants , 
and Rudolph 
Morgan, executive 
director of the 
Organ and Tissue 
Acquisilion Center 
(OTAC) of 
Southern 
California. Other 
transplant. recipi -
ents and those still 
on the waiting list 
for a transplant 
were on hand to 

fibrosis. They 
eventually had to 
be placed on con-
tinuous supp le-
mental oxygen 24-
hours per day. 

!;P&.ID MO~ ",.,£ 
. T06Ell1E.A.. 

C.SUSIVE. "1. IJE..E.O TO 68" ~ 
SeNE. r.)(u) ~"'>JOS. i 

"It was a lot of 
fun. We could 
do more, too. 
n was Just 
kind of a test 
run for us." 

Bl aauhorr and 
Cordova met in 
San Diego while 
waiting for their 
transplants . They 
shared a keen 
interest in sports 
and made plans for 
activi ti es they 
would do when 
they received their 
new lungs. 

- Mark Blaauboer Cordova 
received a double-
lung transplant on 
April 18. 1996. 

meet them. Lung transplant recipient 
Blaauboer and 

Cordova averaged 
about 60 miles a day to reach the 
hospital by Friday evening. 

"1\ was a lot of run," 
Blaauboer said. " We could do 
more, too. It was just kind of a 
tesl run for us. We're going to 
push a lillie harder Ihis fall ." 

Bolh Blaauboer and Cordova 
have cystic fibrosis, a genetic 
disease charaelerized by chron-
ic lung infec tions thai progres-
sively destroy the lungs . 
According to Cordova, a dou-
bl e-lung transplanl s were nec-
essary because of Ihe poss ibili -
Iy of any remaining lung li ssue 
reinfecting new ly transp lanted 
lungs. 

Cordova said thai he hopes 
Iheir efforts dnlw allention Iu 
organ donation and cystic fihro-
SIS. 

"Having cystic fibrosis, I grew 
up wilh thi s all my life and when 
my lungs started 10 fail me, I gOI 
a transplant," Cordova said. " I 

Errata: 

Blaauhocr received hi s transplant 
on July 27, 1996. 

The trip from Santa Barbara 
was the lirst " Bilateral Bike for 
Breath Tour." Cordova and 
Blaauhocr have plans to undergo 
ot her hiking tours, including an 
excursion from San Francisco to 
San Diego this fall. Next year, 
they plan to bike from 
Washington to San Diego. 

Blaauboer and Cordova 
received lungs recovered by 
OTAC which works with 32 hos-
pitals in San Diego and Imperial 
counlies to provide organs 10 the 
nearly 800 patients in the San 
Diego region currently waiti ng 
for tr;lIlsplanls. 

BOlh Cordova and Blaaubocr 
plan to return to Iheir homes after 
they arc fully discharged from 
UCSD later Ihis year, but 
Cordova said that he will still 
return to San Diego for his check-
ups every six months. 

• Two dates were listed incorrectly in the Thursday, April 23 
Cl/lIrdillll . Hands on San Diego will takc place n Saturday, May 
2, and the Madness concert is tomorrow night in the RIMAe 
Arena. Also in thai issue. the title of Holocaust survival David 
Faller 's book was listed incorrectly. The correct lill e is Because of 
ROlllek. Finally. the fact Ihat Staff Writer Ya-L ei Yang contributed 
to an article in the same issue, "Campus Celebrates Earth Day," 
was accidentally omitted. The GI/ardiall regrets the errors. 

GUARDIAN ~III 
The UCSD Guar!H8r1 Is pUblished Mondays ond ThursdayS during the academic 
.,ear by and fOf the students ot UCSO. Repf()(hx:tlon of th is newspaper In any 
form, whether In whOle or In part, wilhout permission is strictly prohibited. 
C 1998. aU lights resell'eo . The UCSD Guardian Is nol responsible lor l he re\Urn 
of unsoliCited manuscripts or 9ft . The views e.pressed herein do not necessarily 
represent the opinions 0' The UCSD Guardian. the Unfvers.ty of California or the 
'-Ssoclaled Students. rhe UCSD Guardian IS fVnded solely by od';erllslnK. 
AleI'l , &fert. A.S. members. flip immediately to page 9 to see your faithful leader. 

BRIEFLY ••. 

l. pQoJ'\ ~II'I\::' IT S 
OBSESSIVE it> ~EEP 
WO.JOE2.lrJG WHI,j, 
WH'l, t.cJH'1, WI-l'1, wl-l':l, 

W~'1 1..t.l1-4'1, t.UH~,WH'1 ~E. OOE!>"''''' (Aq, "1E. 

UCSD to Host Outreach Fair 
A UCSD Community Outreach Information Fair will be 

held May 9 in the Educational Cultural Complex at 4343 
Ocean View Blvd. in San Diego. 

Participants will learn about UCSD admissions, busi-
ness contracting, educational and employment oppor-
tunities, volunteering and various university events and 
resources. There will be information booths, displays 
and workshops staffed by UCSD representatives. There 
will also be refreshments , music and door prizes. 

Events are scheduled from noon to 3 p.m. The event 
is free and open to the public. For more information, call 
534-3694. 

UCSD Day-Care Center Ha. 
Openings for 2- to 3-Vea...olds 

The UCSD Early Childhood Education Center current· 
Iy has several openings for 2· to 3-year-old children. 
There is normally an 8- to 12-month·wait for this age 
group, 

The Early Childhood Education Center provides child 
care for the children of faculty, staff and students. The 
center is open from 7:30 a.m, to 5 p.m. An after-hours 
program closes at 6 p.m. 

Monthly tuition rates vary, depending on the age 
groups of the children: infants, $600; toddlers , $570; 
and preschoolers, $530. 

The center provides breakfast, lunch and an after· 
noon snack every day. Parents must provide their own 
diapers and diapering accessories. 

For more information, call 534-2768. 

UCSD Professor Elected to 
Society of American Historians 

Ramon Gutierrez, associate chancellor and a pro· 
fessor of history and ethnic studies, has been elected 
a member of the Society of American Historians. 

Gutierrez has also been elected to three-year terms 
on the executive committees of both the American 
Studies Association and the Organization of American 
Historians. -

The Society of American Historians is a national 
honor society that encourages literary distinction in the 
writing of history and biography. 

Gutierrez holds the chancellor's associates chair in 
ethnic studies and is director of the Center for the Study 
of Race and Ethnicity. 

Career Services Center to Hold 
Networking Week May 11-15 

The Career Services Center will conduct a 
"Networking with the Pros Week" May 11-15 from 4:30 
p.m. to 6:30 p.m. in the Career Service Center . 

Each day will be focused on specific industries: 
Monday, arts and communication; Tuesday, business; 
Wednesday, human services; Thursday, technology and 
physical sciences; and Friday, life sciences and health . 

Students are encouraged to sign up early for the 
event at the Career Service Center. Space is limited to 
100 people per day on a first-<:ome, first-served basis. 
Students may sign up for more than one day. 

GENEVtEVE cox, Features Editor 
JESSICA SCHEPPMANN. Associate Features Editor 

MEGAN KLEtN, Opinion Editor 

lubltz. Jaime Muldoon-Gomez, ChriStopher Svf\'esler. Kendra Walker. Allison WilCox 
DU~: Karl Friedman 

JESSYCA WALLACE, Associate Opinion Editor 
TltAvtS HIll, Sports Editor 

JONAH NtSENSON, Co·Associate Sports Edrtor 
KEVIN MclAUGHLIN, Co-Associate Sports Editor 

ILONA FASS, Co·Hiatus Editor 
scon YAGEIt, CO-Hiatus Editor 

CLAtRE SCHNEIDER, Photo Editor 
BRENDAN CAHIU. Graphics Edrtor 
WALT DlCKtNSON, Design Editor 

NICK ItUNCO, Online Editor 

COMPUTER IUI'PORT: Marcus lOI>OI. 
ADYERnIlM AlSlSTA"': Yvetle Alcala, Melody GoNale. 
CIRCUUmOfl AlIISTA"'I: Nic~ Allpour, Jutlus Chol. ""Itlp GOldman. Nick 
Julius, Greg little. Eric Wood 

ANN BAREFIELD, BUSiness Manager 
BROCK HALTER, AdVertiSing Manager 

MtKE MARTINEZ, AdVlJrtising Art Director 
JOE PAN, Advertising Design & Layout 

JOHN 1IARBEIt. Advertising Design & Layout 
YVETT£ ALCALA, Assistant Business Manager 

TERItY LEW, Editor In Chief 
JONAH FRIEDMAN. Co-MlJI1ag.ng Editor 

GItACE JANG. Co·Managing Edi tor 
TaafTMA GItANSHAW. Copy Editor 

MAlIC COMP, Assocl3le Copy Editor 
AIUA K~, Co·News Editor 

It.N OUON. Co-News Editor 

EDITOWIAI. AIIII'MTI: Christina Schrenli. Erika Snider 
News/Features: 534-5226. General Editorial : 534-6581 

OPinion/Sparts: 534-6582, Hiatus: 534·6583 
AClverlising Offlce: 534-3466, Fax: 534-7691 

e-mail : guardian@lucsd.edu 

":'~ •. '." . ..... ~i-.I~~.w.,.. •••...... 

RIIIOIt '''''WItmI!III: a,II Glarllmann. llrxlsay Harris. Mary H't!I!lns. Jenny 
Nlcf1Oison, sean Rahim!, ChriS SChreiber. Anna IIaIsman. Stelle WalSh. ESttler 
\bon 
IT""" WIIITIIII: Jelf BasSetl, K",,, Corlos . Paul Dodge. Jacob Gordon. Vlncenl 
Graenanl, Sef". Han. Kacle Jung. Matll_ KalinowSki. Aimee Mackay, Annam 
"'ant hiram. Adria McClain. Sora Moosavi. Elvin Plnng. Christina Rhudy. KlIYIta 
5acIana, [YO senuty, Sara SnyOer, Quyen Tu, S. J3>lan W)1jal, Ya·lel Yang 
1U.UStIUITOII: Joe AnClufo 

• 4I'IIft1 • ,.., OImIIAdss. Andrew Chen • .usa HuI~ Mor/""~ . .DMI 

Guardllm Online: http://www.ucsd.edu;guardian/ 
UCSO Guarell .. , 9500 Gilman Drive 0316, 

La Jolla, CA 9209~316 
Actuol toeMtOn: Secc>nd.flaor. ucso Stuclent eerner ~ '~., Rm. 21T 

L 

~ 

Monday, April 27, 1998 

INCIDENT: 
Police to prosecute 
offender, if found 
Continued from page 1 
over Ihe fact that the incident was 
nOl made public knowledge. 

·'What I want to know is why is 
there not a sign up in Ihe locker 
room 10 warn us to look out?" she 
said. " It made me sick, so I pUI up 
three signs of my own." 

On Friday, when asked ahoul 
the absence of a sign in thc lockcr 
room, Jones said thai the police had 
not been aware of Ihal fat: t. 

"The police deparlment position 
is that a better-informed population 
is a hetter-prolected popu lation ... 1 
was jusl informcd about this an 
hour ago," Jones said. 

Chuck Gormley, dircclor of Ihe 
ret:realion deparlmcnt , said thai 
though Ihis is nol a rccurring prob-
lem here al UCSD, Ihe dcpartment 
is taking Ihc incident seriously. 

"Wc arc going to review every-
thing in place and we' re going 10 
sec what we can do ... thi s is not a 

VOTE: Some 
faculty strongly 
oppose move 
Continued from page 1 

. Earlier this monlh thc Senate 
Council - consisting of the senate 
chair. vice chair and the senate 
commillee chai rs - unanimously 
approved IRAAC's recommenda-
tion to move to Division (( with the 
slipulations that no athleti c scholar-
ships be offered anJ thai no gener-
al funds Ile used 10 support 
Di vision II athletics. 

The council made its recom-
mendal ion ai"ler rcc.:iving repo rts 
from ulher senate commillees, 
which look widcly varying stances 
on the issue. 

The IO-membcr COlllmillee on 
Admissions held a lengthy discussion 
on the issue at ils April 7 meeting and 
was cvenly splil ;l~ 10 whelher to 
approve Ihe proposed move. 

chronic prohlem ... we should Iry to 
prevent it , hUI it 's not unique to 
Canyon view. " he said. 

With regard 10 Ihe issue of a 
informalional sign bcing posted in 
the women 's locker room, Gormley 
said that he was willing to pUI one 
up. 

" If it 's appropriatc, according to 
the police, wc will certainly PUI 
[signs I up," he sa id. "There was a 
sign up. hut we look it down 
because it didn ' t havc all the infor-
mation on it. " 

Nancy Wahlig. director of the 
Student Safcly Awarencss 
Program, said the un i versi ly 
encourages siudents 10 corne for-
ward with any incidents where Ihey 
feel unsafe. 

" Sometimcs, situalions like Ihis 
happen and here at UCSD it's taken 
serious ly," Wahlig sa id. 

She also had advice to give for 
women who usc public loc ker 
rooms. 

"Seeing if there are feet in thc 
stalls is good prevcntion, as is 
opening the stall doors if "ou are 
by yourself and feeling uncomfort-

The Commillee on Educational 
Policy strongly urged that any plan 
to move to Division II not adverse-
ly affect existing programs for 
preparatory athletics. 

The Committee on Planning and 
Budget recommended Ihe move to 
Division II without scholarships. 
The commi ttee also staled in its 
rcport thai it felt students did not 
make an educated decision on the 
issue and recommended a re-vole 
after Ihey have been properl y 
informed on Ihe matter. 

The Committee on 
Undergraduate Scholarships and 
Honors asked Ihat the se nate defer 
considerat ion of the proposal until 
il receives a more balanced presen-
tati on of issues. The comlllittec 
also noted that thc money Ihal 
would be spenl on Di vision II alh-
lelics could be better spent on 
scholarships for low-income stu-
denlS. 

Funding appears to be a key 

The UCSD Guardian 

able." she said. 
" I would also love to have a 

woman yell 'Therc's a man in thi s 
locker room ' and draw allcntion to 
him and Ihen report it ... run out. 
usc your voice, use your wit, tell 
someone," she added. 

Wahlig, who is also a licensed 
clinica l social worker, said that shc 
wants sludenl s to kn ow Ihat 
Student Safety Awareness 
Program 's service~ arc available to 
help sludents. 

" If someone is upset hy thi s, 
make an appointment to come and 
tal k to mc," she said. 

Wahlig, Gormley and Ihe UCSD 
police met on Friday aftcrnoon to 
discuss Ihe incident and addi liona l 
prevention measures thai they 
could lake, in 'Iuding Ihe posting of 
signs. 

Gormlcy said that he fee ls that 
recreation facilities on campus arc 
safe for all. male and female. 

" I believc thai we do have sa fe 
sports facilities ... we arc taking 
Ihis seriously and we wi ll change 
things if there arc things to 
change," he said. 

issue in the debatc of Division II 
athlelics. Watson said thai UCSD 
currently spends about $500,000 
on ils ath letics program, although 
several sources said Ihe number is 
clo er 10 Iwice Ihat. A Iypical 
Division II program costs aboul 
$2.3 million, while a typica l 
Division III program costs about 
$1.9 million. 

The ques lion of where Ihe 
money is going to come from is 
also a point of contention. Walson 
said that intercollcgiale athletics 
would he funded from rcgistralion 
or olher slUdenl fees, operaling. 
income, donal ions, fundraising and 
"cxpendilure redUl':lions" 10 bring 
expenses in line with revenues. 

Crit ics of the funding scheme 
claim thai students in the future may 
face higher fecs to make the expand-
ed athlelics program competitive. 

The senate cOlllmittee. werc uni -
versally againsl using general funds 
to pay for intercollegiate athletics. 

r---------=---- , 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

I 
I 
I • 

00 
: SI~(jL 
: cal>lJCCini 
I with this coupon. Expires 5111/98 . 
I ESppeS.o ROnla 
L PRICE CENTER FOOD COURT 
---------

__ .J 

NEWS 3 

International Studies Abroad t (800) 580-8826 
Spain 

Ecuador 
France 

Mexico 

o\c.com 
~~''Q 
~'8 
.~ 

Chile 
Costa Rica 

http://www.studlesabroad.com 

.~. " cl) 
E:? , 
w 

3,050 
UCSD Rideshare Program members reduced costs, st ress, and air pollution this 
year; and got free occasional parking and emergency rides home-(6 l9)534-RIDE. 

,J UCSD J parking.lIcsd.edu 
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA SAN OtEGO TRANSPORTATION & PARKING SERVICES 

Serving the UCSD pre-medical community since 1985 

* M.D.'s TRAINING M.D.'S-OF-THE-FuTURE * 
• .INTENSIVE MeAT preparation & medical ,ehool applical ion/ 

admissions assistance are all we d lI"e 'r e 110' like 'lte aliter g"ys! 

• MCAT EXPERTS: an independenl program taught by UCSD-Irained 
acadcmic M.D.'s. tOP M.D.-Ph.D. candidalcs. & English Dcpartmcnl 
Ph.D. facu hy. 

• ORIGINATOR of intensive MCAT prep in San Diego 13 year~ ago! 
• 9 WEEKS (150+ hours) of delailed in -clas~ in,truction & real MCAT 

Icsling. problem ,olving, reading/writing workshop~. revicw groups. 
med school applicat ion & admissions stratcg i e~ . & tutoring. 

• 2500 PAGES of originultake-home rcview nOles. reading & writing 
slUdyguidcs, MCA T & admissions stratcgy handouts. problem set~. & 
MCAT-quality timcd practice exams. 

• REAL MCAT TESTING for in-cia,s & take-homc praclice. 

• DIRECT CONTACT with young UCSD docs & med students. 
• TUTORIN(; , prc-med library & med schoo l applicatIon help free! 
• ON CAMPUS at the UCSD Schoo l or MCldicine 

• 5250 LESS than other courses. 



4 OPINION The UCSD Guardian Monday, April 27, 1998 

PINI 

The Fight for Division II 
Although the students overwhelmingly supp'ort advancing UCSO's athletic teams to NCAA Division II, 

the ultimate power to decide .Iies in the administrative hands of Chancellor Robert Dynes 
By Jessyca Wallace 
Associate Opinion Editor 

Tomorrow, the Academil: Senate's Represen-
tative Assembly will convene to innuence 
whether UCSD advances to NCAA Division II . 

Optimally, a motion to move to Division II 
would be called and passed as is. The possibility 
exists, though, to amend the motion before it is 
voted upon. 

In a worst-case scenario. an assembly member 
would amend the motion to advance to Division 
II so that it could only pass after another' student 
vote on the issue. This speaks clearly of the fac-
ulty 's lack of confidence in the students. The stu-
dents have already voted. 

In the Spring of 1997, 87 percent of the stu-
dents who voted in the Associated Students (A.S .) 
elections were in favor of moving to Divi sion II . 
To ask for a re-vote insinuates the faculty beli eves 
the students are uneducated voters - hardly a 
position they are qualified 10 take, considering the 
prominent hi story of uneducated vOling in the 
Academic Senale. 

As fri ghlening as a re-vote mi ght hc -
hecause of th dislru~1 and the one-year delay il 
would cause in elTecting the mon: - the one p()~­

~i hle turn for Di vi,ion II in till: Representative 
Assemhly. which has Ihe m(l~ t disturhing (lUI -
l'ome. is II mail hallot. If one-th ird of the Repre-
sentative A~semhly (during the meeting) or any 
25 facult y memhers (aft er the meeti'!g) chooses 
to motion fm a mail hall ;1 t, hi story di ctalcs we 
can ki ss an Acad 'mil' . enatc\ recommendalion 
to advanl.e to Division II goouhye. 

A shining exampk of what ha ppens when the 
Academic Senate ca ll ~ tor a mail hallot is what 
happeneu to the proposcu harlcl School. The 
edul:ated members of the Representative Assem-
hly. alter liMening to hours of dchate and much 
dehbcration, voted in favor of the fonnation of a 
charier school. A mail-ballot was called, howe v-

er, and the motion failed because the overwhelm-
ing majority of the Academic Senate docs not 
partici paLe in the Representative Assembly and 
they were unaware of much of the pertinent infor-
mation regarding the issue. Insterd of a charter 
school, we now have the Center for Research in 
Education Equity, Assess ment and Teaching 
Excellence (C.R.E.A.T.E.). 

Some memhers of the Academic Senate are 
known to be against the move to Division U -
primarily Lhe provosts of the tive colleges. It is 
not surprising that the college provosts are 
opposed to an issue that would unify the five co l-
leges of this university, considering thaLLhe unifi-
cation could lead to a symbolic decrease in the 
potency of their positions. 

The other opposition ari ses ou t of concerns 
regarding money. scholarships and admissions 
standards. Some members of tbe faculty do not 
support the move to Divi sion II because they are 
concerned that spec ial weight will be applied in 
the admissions process to sLudents who have par-
li cipated hea vily and successfully in athletics, 
possihly alluwing the admission of students who 
arc not academica lly qualili ed to he here. Some 
ale concerneu that ~ch()lar~hip~ wi ll he gran led to 
sllldent s to (mend th i~ unr ver~ ll y as we ll as 
exhihiting concern that money may I)' redirected 
from other uses in order 10 pay for the mo ve. Vice 
Chancellor of Student Alfairs Jose ph Watson has 
alreauy addressed th e~e three i s~ues and indicated 
that they are not eventua lilies of the unive r~ it y 
advam:ing to Division II. 

Another major argument opposing faculty sup-
port is thai ~tudents arc unaware of how much 
money it will cost to move to Division II. It cur-
rently costs the uni versity approximately $1 mil-
li on per car to support us at Division III. The 
average Di vi~ion III school - consi~ting of 
approximately 2,500 ~tudents - ~pends approxi -
mately 2 million. CSD i~ already underbudget-

cd. To bring us up to average within Division III 
would cost close to another $1 million . The aver-
age Division II school spends $2.4 million annu-

. ally. So, if UCSD athletics were adequaLely fund-
ed to begin wiLh, Lhe move would only cost 
approximately $400,000 - a small price to pay 
for all the benetiLs this university will receive. If 
the move to Division II fails Lo occur, students at 
UCSD will still push for an increase in athletic 
funding. 

Now that the major arguments of the faculty 
have been obliterated, it is time to take note of 
why the advance to Division 1I is even a faculty 
issue. It has been demonstrated that this move wi II 
not directly affecL the faculty. This is a student 
issue, discussed and debated by the A.S. council, 
which passed a re olution to advance. Does the 
Acauemic Senate feel it is its duty to consider 
everything the A.S. council di scusses'! Do they 
want to offer an opinion about how much student 
money should be allocated LO alternative media'! 

Regardless of what the Academic Senate docs 
decide. the chancellor has the sole di scretionary 
power to advance our university to Division 11. 
Chancellor Robert Dynes said at the A.S. council 
meeting on Apri I 15 that he was in favor of the ITl Qvc. 

Regrcllahl y, Dynes has historiCiilly not fol -
lowed th rough with h i~ personal inclinations 
where the interests of the slUuents arc concerned. 
While being interviewed for the position of chan-
cellor, he clai med he would a l way~ be a voice for 
th ' stuuents, listen to students and act, whenever 
possible. in Ihe hest interest of the slUdents. Dur-
ing hi s first year in office, he seemed to care ahout 
the students - he was even seen on Library Walk 
handing out cookies and meeLing students. 

When it comes right down to it , though, it 
appear that Dynes is still greatly innuenced by the 
faculty. A glaring example of Dynes' change in 
attitude regarding student input is the atrocity that 

See RNATE, Page 5 

• I 

Monday, April 27, 1998 

SENATE: 
Di vision II move 
IS necessary 
Continued from ... e 4 
may be our 1998 All-Campus Com-
mencement. Dynes failed to consult 
a single student before accepting 
Newt Gingrich's offer to speak here 
- a man who is not likely to he 
well-reeeived by this year's graduat-
ing class. 

This failure to communicate with 
students follows the lack of support 
of students exhibited by the chance l-
lor rcgarding the fomlation of an 
All-Campus Commencement cere-
mony. The A.S. council passed n 
resolution in favor of such a cere-
mony as a recommendation to the 
chancellor. Instead of supporting the 
students imm.ediately, he maneu-
vered to form a committee to deter-
mine if there should be such a com-
mencement. We hope that fonning a 
committee is not the route the chan-
cellor will take when faced with the 
decision to move to Division U. 

Dynes <llso failed students in the 
establishment of C.R.E.A.T.E. Stu-
dents were in favor of fonning a 
charter school , but because the 
uninformed Academic Senate 
failed the motion, he developed a 
committee to act as an umbrella 
organization for K-12 outreach and 
to establish the feasibility of a char-
ter school. Again, forming a com-
mittee regarding Division II is not 
an action the students will be happy 
to see taken. 

Simply PUt, if Chancellor Dynes 
expects student su pport for his pet 
projects - the 5K run and Home-
coming - he has to support the stu-
dents in our wishes. Support at this 
university is not unidirectional - we 
will not stand behind a chancellor 
who docs not stand behind us. 

The bottom line is this: Support-
ing UCSD athletes by promoting 
school spirit and moving to NCAA 
Division II will benefit the students 
of thi s university. 

We arc the largest uni versity. by 
far, parlicip<lling in Di vision III 
athleti cs . Many students at this 
school don 'l go to games because 
we have never even heard of the 
teams we play against. We even 
have di fflculty tilling our schedules 
with anything but religious schools 
- with whkh we have lillie in 
(;omlTIon - because none of the 
other schools want LO play against 
us . If we establish rivalries and 
play against bigger schools - like 
other UCs and some CSU schools 
- it is likely students will have a 
greater interest in attending games, 
thereby increasing school spirit. 

The effect this move wi II have 
on the athlelic learns at this school is 
profound_ We will altract coaches of 
higher caliber and be invited to par-
ticipate in conference play-orrs. We 
have nothing to losc and everything 
to gain by moving to Divi sion II. 

In the event that the Academic 
Senate votcs on the issue, and in the 
event that they vote "no," it i.s impor-
tant for Dynes to understand that the 
students want this. The vice chancel-
lor and assistant vice chancellor of 
student affai rs support this move. It is 
an official recommendation of tbe 
Intercollegiate and Recreational Ath-
leLics Advisory Committee anJ the 
Quality of Life Survey. UCSD must 
move to Division D. 

In the words of former A.S. 
President Sou ley Diallo: 'The stu-
dents have spoken on this issue. 
Shared government does not allow 
for a faculty override. This is a stu-
dent issue, the faculty has no busi-
ness even taking il up." 

I ~ •• ~ I , I 

The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

COMMENTARY: Statistics, such as those generated by Qualcomm, disprove the popular notion 
that computer engineers with UCSD diplomas easily obtain jobs immediately upon graduation 

TECHNICAL JOB MARKET IS A NIGHTMARE 
By Jeffrey M. Barker 
Contributing Opinion Writer 

Even wi th a degree from one of 
the Lop-ranked sc hools in the 
country and an industry screaming 
ahout labor shortage, the future 
doesn' t look too bright for UCSD 
computer science and engineeri ng 
students. 

Despite the rigorous recruit-
ment efforts of high-tech compa-
nies (i.e .. Qualcomm's help-want-
ed adverti sements on San Diego 
ci ty buses), there is no labor short-
age. TIlere is seemingly an over-
abundance of labor, allowing com-
panies to provide jobs to the low-
est hidder. Programmers are 
becoming the next generation of 
sweatshop workers, no more pres-
tigious than children making 
clothing for 20 to 30 cents an hour. 

Programming and engineering 
positions are going to foreign 
nationals who are willing to work 
for lower pay. Those American 
college students fortunate enough 
to get jobs are taking them from 

under-tenured. middle-aged pro-
grammers who require higher pay 
nnd more henetits. 

"The pressure to hirc tons of 
people is intense," according to 
Qualcolllm 's Weh site . 

If such a shortage of labor 
exists, why is Quulcomm so picky 
in hiring only 4.5 percent of its 
programming joh applicants (SOil 
Diego Union-Tribune, March 7, 
1998)'! This minuscu le rate is half 
thaI of Lhe industry standard. 

And how are employers able to 
scour the globe in search of chenp-
er labor'! The Son Diego Union -
Tribune quoted Dan Sullivan. head 
of human resources for Qual -
comm, as saying that more than 
half of the 1,000 engineers the San 
Diego-based company hired last 
year were foreign nationals. Only 
174 of those were from college 
campuses and 65 percent of that 
number were, again, foreign 
nationals. 

At UCSD, enrollment for com-
puter science majors has increased 

92 percent in the last live years. So 
where exactly is the shortage'! 

Bard-Alan Finlan graduated 
from UCSD in 1992 with a com-
put er engi neering degree. Hi s 
story di scredits Lhe myth that there 
is a hoomingjob market with posi-
tions waiting to be filled hy gradu-
ating computer science students. 
Having sent out 150 resumes, 
attended a handful of job fairs and 
courted Qualcomm unsuccessfully 
four times. Finlan 's degree from 
UCSD has n't done him much 
good. 

One is forced to wonder how 
much weight a degree from UCSD 
carries. 

"On average, we hire between 
10 and 15 UCSD students per 
year," said a representative from 
Qualcomm's human resources 
depart ment. 

In the past three years, the 
company has hired approximately 
40 UCSD students. Roughly half 
of them filled programming posi-
ti ons. The remaining half are in 

technical and electrical-engineer-
ing jobs. 

Larger companies who receive 
more resumes use programs that 
automatically kick out resumes 
sent hy e-mail without human eyes 
ever having seeing them. Other e-
mail transmissions that don 'LwlI-
tain current software "buzz" 
words, and perhaps other criteria, 
are intercepted nnd sent to the 
"recycle bin." 

Though these companies arc in 
high demand by applicants, any 
chance of these higb-tech hiring 
procedures coming across as fair 
or leg itimately competitive is 
gamhled away when it is seen that 
the competition is coming from 
"guest workers." Firms sponsor 
foreigners on work visas, allowing 
them to come into the country for 
a few years. 

II seems that being brought to 
America is enough of a reward for 
these "guest workers" that they are 
willing to work for less pay. Jobs 

See QUALeOMM, Page 6 

Learn how to 
Conquer the 
Personal Statement 
from an Expert ••. 

Former Assistant Dean of Admissions, 
U.C. San Diego School of Medicine 
Maria Lofftus, J.D. 
Kaplan Director of Student Services, 
and Admissions Consultant 

UCSD 
Saturday, May 2 

Garren Auditorium 
10am 

Call 1-800-KAP-TEST to reserve a seat, 
free software included! . 

1-8DD-IAP-TEST 
www.kaplan.com 

lI( ~ Sr) 
~ 
~y. 
IlIIII UIiCIAlII. 

AMSA 
American Medical Student Aaaocletlon 

·MeAT Is 8 registered trademark 01 the Association 01 American MedIal! CoIegn. 



6 OPINION 

Sunshine Store • Spring Sale 

FILM SPECIAL 

april 27 • may 2 
$1 off any color print roll submitted for processing 

No ooupon necessary! • No B&W or slide film please 
www-Itookstore.ucsd.ecIu 

UCSD Bookstore & 

The UCSD Guardian 

Community College 
Term 1998 

Birch Aquarium at Scripps Bookshop 
April 27-May 2 " ~ 

--.~ 

MMM 
MMM 

200k off absolutely everything at the 
Birch Aquarium Bookshop. And 200/0 off all general & technical books, 
gifts, clothing, school, art, office supplies + add'i 20% off already 
marked-down merchandise at the UCSD Bookstore. 

<www-book.tore.uc.d.edu> 
Bestsellers, magazines, textbooks 
medical book •• In.trument., computer 
• electronic departments are excluded. 
May not be used In conjunction 
with any other offer or dl.count. 

UCSD Bookstore • 534-READ 
Located In the Price Center 

Mon-':rl 8am-6pm • Sat 10am-5pm 
Free Parking on Saturday 

Birch Aquarium at Scripps Book.hop 
2300 Expedition Way • La Jolla 

5~~~~ • 9:.~.a!'1.-5~m .. 

Monday, April 27, 1998 

QUALCOMM: 
Companies have an 
unfair hiring process 
Continued from page 5 
are being taken by foreign nation-
als - not in the name of di versity 
in the workplacc, nor because they 
are more qualificd. The rcason is 
the almighty doll 'lr. 

What 's worse is that industry 
giant like Mic roso ft . Imel and 
Qualcomm arc pushing hill s 
through both houses of govern-
ment , calling for looser regulations 
on thc number of foreign workers 
they arc allowed to employ. 

Next year. perhaps none of 
those 1,000 pcoplc hired will be 
fro m anywhere ncar North Ameri-
ca. Computer science graduates 
wi th Universi ty of Californi a 
diplomas may end up pimping 
themselves to high-tech firms, 
pleading for jobs and working for 
far less money than they are wolth. 

Finlan finally found a position 
as a technician. He makes half the 
salary of a programmer; half of 
what a man of hi s knowledge and 
ex perience deserves. 

Many qualified Americans 
require more money and more ben-
efit s than a recent. si ngle graduate 
with little or no job experience. 
Older and more experienced pro-
grammers demand - and deserve 
- larger sa laries due to their 
tenure and knowledge. Also, hav-
ing a fam il y bri ngs ahout the need 
for medical benefits, savings plans, 
child care - things that may not 
apply to thc young graduate. 

And though they may not apply 
to thc young graduate, the compa-
nies think long and hard about 
these perks of the workplace. 

Even for the lucky ones who 
find posi ti ons. wi ll satisfacti on 
come in knowing that there was a 
morc qualified individual - but 
that the lower cost 10 the company 
was the determining factor in the 
dec ision to hire? 

A Qualcomm billboard urgcs 
freeway drivers not only to huy 
Ameri can. but to huy San Diegan. 
Qualcoml1l shou Id be urgcd to do 
the same. 

Hi gh-tech companies that 
muster enough cffort to gel their 
operating systems onto 90 percent 
of Ameri ca's computers and boast 
enough local pride to "donate" 
money, havi ng their name scraw led 
across local stadi ums and schools, 
shou ld direct some of that effort 
and pride towards their hiring pro-
cedurcs. 

Jobs are being stolen from qual-
iii ed, enthusiastic individuals in 
the name of saving a huck. Gradu-
ales from UCSD, one of the top-
rated schools in thc nation. should 
not have to go farther than the 
booming, high-lech mecca lhat is 
their own backyard to secure a 
future . 

·f· , 

Monday. Apri I 27, 1998 

FABER: 
Survivor immigrated 
to the United States 
Continued from page 1 
onl y problem. Everywh rc the 
fami ly went . they were surrounded 
by an ti-Seillit ic Pole,. An:ording to 
Faher, thc Catho li c Pole, ron-
tributed to the a7 i ex terminalion 
by identifying all of Ihe Jews in 
their neighhorhoo Is. 

"Hitler knew that Ithe Nal.i ' l 
wouldn' t have oppos ition hut hclp 
[in their exterm inati on!." he said. 

" II was easy fo r the Na7is In kill 
lthe Jews]." Faber added. 

An audience memher a, ked 
Faher what kind I' restitut ion 
Germany owed the survivors of the 
Holocaust and Faber replied. "the 
Nazis owe sOl1lcthing that money 
can 't pay." 

Faher said he believes that the 
Holocaust was caused in part by 
the fact Ihat an entire generation 
was brainwashed to hate Jews early 
in life. 

"The problem was and still i, 
that there is too much hate in the 
world." Fahcr said . He ci ted the 
recent confli cts in Bosnia and the 
on-going strife in Ireland 10 drive 
home hi s point. "These people 
were brainwashcd with hate against 
each other. 

"Hate destroys our world," he 
said . 

Faher also explained why he 
deli vers speeches ahout hi , experi -
em:e in fro nt o f un iversi ties. 
schools, chu rches and otha organi -
zati ons. 

"I pour my heart out \() i Ill plorc 
peoplc to he to lerant." he said. "I 
heg you. l1lake thi s a heller world. 
Don' t let other people hra i nwash 
you l" 

He also said that Naf. is ha ve an 
increasingly large presencc in mod-
ern Gerl1lany. 

"I only see one thing - the 
1l7is are getting mofC powerful in 

Germany," Faher said. "It 's getting 
very bad." 

Aft er heing liherated from 
l3 ergcn-Be lsen in 1945. Faber 
immigrated to England and then to 
the nited late,. He said that he 
tried to put his cxp('riences hehind 
him and contin uc wi th his life. 

nflJr\u natcly. he said. th at 
attempt was shattered when he was 
contac ted hy the Ge rl1lan Consulate 
to be a witness fo r hi s decea,ed 
hrothcr, Romck. The leller he 
recei vcd brought hack all hi s mem-

The UCSD Guardian 

different times now." Rat said . 
"E ery time he speaks. he seems to 
emanate a stronger au ra of determi-
natioll ahout him. 

" It 's amating how he can speak 
ahou t hi , ex periellces repcatedly," 
Ral. add 'd. 

Elher said that all hough it is dif-
fi,u ll for him 10 speak ahout his 
expcri'm:es. he fcc ls it i ~ ncre,-
sary. 

" It 's a rromi sc that I made to 
my fanr ily." he sa id . "Some p.:oplc 
can't do it. It\ hard . hut I do it." 

Brenda Andrews, ass istance res-
ident dean of Revelle Co ll ege. said 

ori es. That was 
when his story sur-
faced. Faher's 
ent ire story is pre-
served in hi s hook 
.entitled Becallse of 
ROlllek. 

J u d i t h 
Rubenstein , the 
owner of indepen-
dent Granite Hills 
Press. said she was 
deeply struck hy 
Faher's story. 

"I pour my heart 
out to Implore 
people be . 
tolerant. I beg 
you, make this a 
better world. 
Don't let other 
people 
brainwash you!" 

that Faher's 
speech was a key 
part of Ho l ()ca u~t 
R e me lllhran ce 
Week. 

"The goal was 
to came up with 
different media to 
leach people about 
the Holocallst. " 
Andrews said . 
"We showed 
"Schindler's List" 
followed hy a di s-

- DaYld Faber 
" I was so over-

whelmed with hi s 
Holocaust survivor cusslon on 

hook that I offered to help him puh-
lish hi s book," she said. 

According to Ruhenstein , many 
of Faher's experiences made him 
di fferent fro lll the other Holocaust 
su rvIvo rs. 

"Whal's unique about Dav id is 
hi s ext raordinary experiencc," 
Ruhenstei n sa id. "He has been 
th rough eight concentration camps 
and has personally witnessed the 
death of every member of his fa m-
ily. They were all shot or tortu red 
to death outside of the concentfa -
tion camp 

Hillel Raz. a Warren freshman 
who attended Thu rsday 's presenta-
tion. ,a id he thought Faher wa~ a 
very inspirat ional speakcr. 

'T ve seen him speak ahout four 

Monday night. and 
then last ni ght wc had a slide pre-
sentati on of the concentration 
camps ... 

According to Andrews. raher's 
lecture was the perfec t way to wrar 
up thc weck's events. 

"Ha ving David Faher speak was 
a great encapsul ati on of the week's 
events." she said. " It 's amal. ing 
how dear hi s story b to him. I 
think thaI because the severily of 
the survivors' ex periences, it was 
hranded in their memori es ." 

raher endl!d hy renc!; ting on 
how lucky he was to survive the 
war. 

"Every few minule~ someone 
W<l~ dying Iduring thl! Ho locall~tl. " 
h.: sa id. "I don't know how J sur-
vil'ed." 

NEWS 7 

·ucso 
l a J 0 I t a V i I I a Q e 10 r . 

,.; ! DIm a: ~ * .. l! =: 0: ~ .. 
" 

ijr-----.. Nobel oS a: 
'" 

OPEN 7 DAYS • ALL SOFT CLOTH WASH 
SHELL GASOLINE & DIESEL AT COMPETITIVE PRICES 

! .-~~~~i&~~--i--;9 -1 
I (OSrA & Turtle Wax Sealer 5: "" .. " I 
I cV~ RwD<;E NOI val id with any Olher oHer. S~'I£ I 
I \1, -\ II Expires MayI3. t 998. $5.01i I 

~----------------- ______ I 

London .................. $689 Rome ...... .. .... ........ _$906 
Paris ..... .. ..... .. .. .. .. .. $782 Madrid ..... ............. $882 
Frankfurt.. .... ...... ... $862 Athens .................. $993 

FilM~ f(<!f1\ san Ole., 3Il<I do AOl,nc'ulle I,,, . '''ch "'"' an "1f4 t40 $SO. 

STA TRAVEL_ .. 
T~EWORLD'S 
lARGEST STUDENT 

SlJblfct til "'_. """. rts1rlcuons 'ppIy CST .10 11 ~60·tiO 

(800) 777 -0112 
TRAVEL ORGANIlJ.TION. 

Sill 
STA TRAVEL 
We· ....... tIIere. 

BOOK YOUR TICKET ONLINE AT: 
WWW.STA-TRAVEL.COM 

LSAT Perfection 
PC or Mac sLalions wi lh In lernel Acc~s (Regutarly S 12/hr) 

Loaded wiLh a varielY or sorrware inclUding Qu,rkXprc s. Page laker, 
I'hoLoshop. lIluslrnlor. Free Hand. PowcrPoi nl . MS Word. and much morc 

8IW u/ser 600dpi Oil/Pili @ 49( ell< " 
C%r I..lIJU 300dpi Oil/pur @ $2 .-19 tlld, 

o rrer expi res May t5. 1998. Li mil one coupon pcr per,oll please. 

Costa Verde Shopping Cen ter I UTe 
8650 Genesee Ave., Sic #200 

San Diego, CA 92 122 
OPE'\ 2-1 IIO! i{S (619) 457-9500 

CAPTURE ~ IMAGE:t'l1k 
FlI1URE ... p~ y~ 

Some peopII ... coplen 1l1li1. 
mlChlllll. WI see culllngllfgt 1m. 

re,ruduttiotl tet:hnotagy!hll c:ompil1le1 
_lid till -r. rety upon. AIId, carr 

1m .. c .. lie WIrY goad tar ,... 1uIurt. 
",.. .. -*ring I IUCCtlllut 
_In .... pie ... jaln Ullor: 

On-Campus 
Interviews 

Monday, May 11 th 
To receive additional 

informalion and sign up 
for an inlervlew, visll 

WWW-Csc.ucsd.edu 
or slop by your career 

cenler If you do nol 
have Inlernet access. 
Deadline 10 sign up Is 
May 6th at midnight. 

• SlDo. •• 11n wh., ....... aNl..,., c._IlIA. 
n you are unable to attend. please mart or I ax your restI11e wit11 
salary tMslOlY 10: AstIO/Canon • Ann: Pro. Stalli1g UCSO 5/11 
• 110 W. waillil St. • Gardena. CA 902~ "11: 111-715-
7155 • "III ........ III,.... ........ ... 
................ CIII .. ,. ...... 111-1174125 . 
We Irt., EIJI3I Opporlrrily ErnpIoytr llloud It the ~ In 
our WQI\oPICe and torrrnillld to .ltug-he wM: llWironmerl 

Robin Singh, the creator and author of the TestMasters LSAT Course, has 
achieved more perfect scores on the LSAT than anyone else in hi story. 

Robin Singh ' s Comp1ete LSAT Score Record 

Date Score % Date Score % 
Rank Rank 

February 1997 180 99 June 1994 178 99 
December I 996 180 99 February 1994 173 99 
October 1996 179 99 December 1993 177 99 
Junc 1996 174 99 December 1992 180 99 
December 1995 180 99 October J 992 176 99 
September 1995 180 99 June 1992 177 99 
June 1995 173 99 February 1992 178 99 
February J 995 178 99 December I 99 I 173 99 
October 1994 180 99 December J 988 48 99 
-TIle table loove is 8 complete record of Robin ', acores on actual LSAT adrninistrattons. All of thae adrnilllstrilliOiIl wac ICOI"Cd on the 
currenl LSAT .... 1. of 120 to 180. wirh rho exceptoon of rho Decet!tber 1988 LSAT. which woo ocored on rho old LSAT "",I. of 1 0 10 411. 

Since 1991 thousands of TestMasters students have increased their LSAT scores 
by applying the powerful methods and techniques that Robin has developed. 



8 CALENDAR The UCSD Guardian Monday, April 27, 1998 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------~ 

~.ra 8' .A.r~sr 
Tuesday, April 28 

• The Ian Diego Film F"llval Will be presenting "Sin Qu_r" at 8pm In 
Mandeville AudltOlium COSI IS $4 for students, $6 general admiSSion For moo 
InfOl cal 534-8497 or vlsilihe webSite at hnp lIueo ucsd edu 

Sunday, May 3 

• lAG meets every Monday TOPICS, speakers, diSCUSSIOns on cu~ 
rent Inlernahonal events/Issues Free refreshments served sta rting 
at 7 30pm In PC lodge In ERC. 
• Ever wondered what It was like to work With the U N 10 help solve 
InternatIOnal problems? If so, join the Model Union Club here 
on campus I Meetings are Wednesdays al 7pm In Pllce Center Gal-. 
!ery A FOI more Info. call DerrICk at 638-7767 or Chaya at 638 
t735 • JazZJ1llues pianist Marcus Roberts puis his own spin on that "full range of AmellCa' 

when he performs ""aual Uncoln Cenl .... EvolutiDn 01 Bluell Swing" 
al8pmrn MandeVllieAudrtorlum Trckets are $16 general admission, $14 for lac- ~~.lLgic> ... sr S~r­
ufty/stan/semOls and $12 for sludents Tickets available at UCSD Box Ol,ce 534- -v-i c:~sr 
8497, or calf UCSD UmversllY Events Oftlce at 534·4090 for more Inlo Tuesday, April 28 

Monday, April 27- Saturday, May 16 • Talze PraJer: The CatholiC Commumty at UCSD welcomes 
• Vletn_e.e Cultural Concert VSA needs your help'" LOIS of poople needed people ot all faoths to thiS qUiet evemng of prayer by cand'~lIght 
10 dance, act. etc Please contact Minh at manguyen@ucsdedu for moll rnfo 9pm In the chapel at lhe UniverSity Lutheran Chu!:h 
.Ac:.ad~~ic: S~r-v-ic:~sr Monday, May 4th 

Ongoing 
• Is the Subj€Ct A exam making you crazy? \\Ilil do somelhlng aboullt. The OA· 
SIS Writing PlOgramoffers workshops that 1>111 prepare you for the Sublect A 
exam ViSit us on the thlld floor of Center Hall or catl 534-7707 for more InfOlmahon 

• The CalhoflC Coonmunrty at UCSD IS having an evening of 
guided medilation and relaxation wilh .i.ter EiI •• n 
Sullivan, 7 30-9pm rn the CatholiC Lounge at the University 
Lutheran Church (corner of North Torrey Pines and La Jolla Shcres 
Dllvel 

• Remember when school used to be lun? W!lI lt can be again The OASIS Writ· 
Ing Program oHers one-Io-one wilting conferences tor UCSD undergraduates S~r--v-.ic:~sr &-
Dally hours 01 operation are MOnday through Friday !rom 9 00 am to 4 OOpm on Ihe ~c>r .lcsrh c> ..... ~ 
thHd floor of Center Hall Call 5347707 10 schedule an apPOIntment ...-

Monday, May 4 
• Does school get In lhe way of your SClClBllrfe? I'.IlIf It shouldn'l The OASIS Writ- " . " 
Ing Progr_ oHers weekly workshops to enhance your lime management and • Reading and Understanding Bluep"nt., For those In 
study skills Visll us on the Ihlld floo< of Center Hall 01 caIlS34-7707 lor more Infor- charge 01 home or workpace renovations and sludents Interested 
matlon ' In architecture Workshop Will be held at noon al the v.tJmen's Cen-

ter and Pnrna Goldberg 01 Facll,ues DeSign and Consuucuon WIll 
• The OASIS Language Progr_ IS now schedutlng app~ntnnents lor Sprrng head the diSCUSSion 
quarter weeks 2-10, Monday-Fllday from 9am-4pm There are services In Spanish, 
French, ESL, as well as content and composilion sesSions for a Wide range 01 Ongo,ng 
courses Workshops and IndiVidual conlelences are available appointments ale • What'. Love Gol To Do With It? ThiS coed dlscusslon/sup-
necessary 534-1477 or 534-7707 Located In Center Hall, 3rd floor port group 101 both graduate and undergraduate students, focuses 
• OASIS Writln, Program Study Strategle. Work.llop: Week 5 -How to on Issues related to beglnnrng and ma.ntalnlng romanliC relatlon-
Read EHectlvely', Week 6 -Note Taking ', Week 7 -How to Study for Exams-, l'.Ilek ships Led by linda Young Meets Mondays, 4.00 t0530p m , 1003 
8 "Mollvallon-, Week 9 "Breaking Studyrng myths- Every Tuesday troon 6-8pm at Galbraith Hall Sta rts March 30. 1998 Sludenis should call Linda, 
OASfS, 3rd lloor Centel Hall. 534-3987, fOl lnformatlon and to sign up fOl the group 

• Berea_ent GIOup- This glOup IS deSigned for studenlS who 
." ~.a.l ~h &- ~i~.ra ~srsr have experienced the death 01 someone slgmhcant Led by John 

Ongoing Wu Meets F"days, 2-3Q.4pm, althe Revelle Pmost's BUlld,ng, John 
• lacllvldual Fltnt .. A ..... m ... t- at RIMAC every Man & Wed, 5-8pm No Wu's offICe 
apPOlnlnnenl needed· walk In to Ihe I'.Illiness Room, 2nd floor. A FREE sludent • A.ian.American CommunlIJ FOMII: ThiS Informaf drop-In 
serv ICe prOVIded by Student Health Advocales

' 
Call 534-24 t9 for more Infor group IS deSigned to address the concerns of Aslan/Paclfrc Isfander 

• HEADACHES"I Who needs 'em? Vlsil the Headache Clinic at Student Health students al UCSD In a supportive and problem-solving atmosphere 
and gel helpl No charge to reglslered sludents Call 534-8089 for your appornt- Issues such as career and academIC success. lamlly pressures, 
menl culluralldentrty, and relahonshlPs are pOSSible tOPICS Feel !ree to 
• Siudent Health IS here tOl your We·re a lull service climc open to ALL regiS-
tered students You don't need health Insurance to use our servICes I ApPOintments 
tor phYSICian VISitS and specialty clinICS - call 534-8089 Wllk In to Urgent Care 
weekdays Bam-4·30pm. (Wed 9-4 3Opm) 
• Emer,enc,Contracepllon, annuaf exams, STD lests, pregnancy tests, birth 
con trof prescliptlOns, & health education· alf at Women's Chmc, Student Health 
Calt 534-8089 for appt Completely conhdentlaf - alwaysr 
• FREE amonymous HIV '"ting at Siudent Healthl Walk In to sign up at the 
Health Annex IIIsl floor Ouestroos? Call a health educator al534-3874 

brrng your lunch! Led by Jeanne Manese, 534-3035, John 'MJ, 534-
1579 Meets Flldays, 12·00 to 1.3Op m., Cross Cultural Center, 510 
UC (near ONlce of Grad. Stud'es and 'vis. Arts Bldg) 
• LatlnO/Chlcano Support Group: Famlfy, parents, econom-
ICS, fllends, relatronshlps, cutture -all Ihe above are themes that 
are explOied toward the goal of graduation from UCSD Wednes-
days, 2:30 10 4:30p.m, Hall Dome Lounge, MUll College Led by 
Reina Juarez, 534-3875 and Dan Munoz. 534-025 t. 
• CMIjIU' Btack Forum: Campus Black Forum IS an Informal 
gathellng where we Invite open d,scuss,oo and eXChange Ideas, 

• Get certified! CPR and Fllst A,d training courses throughout Spring Ouarter at gllpes, accomphshments, questions and concems on any top'C 
Student Health by Red Cross Instructors Each course IS $10 101 the class .$ to for relevanl to the hves and experiences 01 peopfe of Afllcan Descenl 
reference bOOk or pay $25 for both courses and book' Sign up at SHS Health Ed It IS a place lor us 10 connect I>1th other studenls stal and taculty at 
2nd Floor ' UCSD In a casual, supponrve, community atmosphere. Led by linda 
• Fre. Chol"t.101 Te.tlng dt Student Health - sign up al lhe hrst lloor bulle lin Young 534-3987, and Michelle Boutte' Burke, 534-4905 Call for In-
boa,d tOI your apPolnlment lormallon Frida, .. 4:15-6 p,m., Cross Cultural Cenler, 5 to UCnu. 
• Don't Go In the Oceanl At least not until you've had your Hepatilis A shots! If (Near OffICe of Grad Stud ies and Visual Art BUlldlngSI 
you surf or swrm In Ihe ocean, conSider Immunllahons to potect your health Two • Alcohot I Sub.tance Abu.e Sytlpolt Group If you ask 
shOts 6 months apart -550 each Walk rn to Siudent rtealth M·F 8-11 am. W!d 9- yoursefl If you have a problem. 01 II you know you do, fearn ways to 
Ilam get back In control of your Ille FridaJ', 2:00 10 4:00 p_m , Half 
• GET PUBLISHED! Health Beat IS a student publication fOCUSing on health IS. DOOle Lounge. Mu,r College Led by Dan Munoz, 534-025 t. and 
sues New staH for 98-99 year are beIng recrulted

' 
Articles now being accepted Tana Paget. 534-1725 _ 

call Anna at 534-1824 • M.n'. GlOup: ThiS group tor upper diVISIOn and graduale stu-
• Student Health Advocate prOVide Peer Educalion Program. on NUtritIOn, denl men WIll diSCUSS Interpersonal relationship Challenges rnclud-
HIV. Fitness. Stress & other tOpICS· at your res hall or student OIg meetlngsl Cafl 109 malntalnrng Independence In cklse relat IOnships WIth women 
534-24 t 9 tor Into on these FREE programsl ang61 control, and gUilt Sponsored by Psycholocral & Counseling 

Services Led by Byron Bloemer, 5345981 , and Ron Lane. 534· 
• LDw Cosl Pha""acJ- Over·the -counler lIems (cold mediCines, anlaclds 0250 Meet Thur sdays, t-2 30pm t003 Ga bralth Hafl Call Byon 
banda Ids, Vitamins, skin care products, sunscreen. contraceptive products, con- or Ron to sIQn up , 
tact lens products. etc) all al discount pllcesl Localed In the Illst 1100< 01 Studenl , 
Health Open M-F Barn-4 3Opm, Wed 9am·43Opm • !allng Awareness Workshop: ThiS four week session wOlk-

shop for women 1>111 prOVIde a sale and accepllng atmosphere for 
• Altentlon all Southeast ASian ~men 18 f Get a free bone scan, calc fum member to begin to expklre thell relahonshlp With food, develop 
'upllemenls, and Information lodayl Check to see how strong your bones heatth,er attitudes and fe. eflngs towards food, and wetght TopICS a~e and find OUI your risk lor osteoporosIs. For Info caH UCSD OsteoporosIs Pro· Will Include body Image self-esteem, nutlillon, anger. assertIOn. 
gam (619) 57-6672 perlectlonlsm and coping w,th slress Led by Eating Di.orders 
c:: .I ... .b sr &c ~ e e ~ i.ra g sr Peer Coun.etors SponsOIed by Psychological and Counseling 

Wednesday April 29 Services Starts Fllday, Aplil tOth, tl3Oam, tOO3 Galbraith Hall 
" Calf Beverfy McCreary 534-358S, or Barbara ~vlna 534-0589. to 

• Pre·Vel Club Meeting Will be held at 7pm al the Santa Barbara/LA IOOITIln sign up 
the Pllce Center Speaker Dr D,ane Shelton. a UCSD lab researcher For more Info E II B .... I d R I I h' Th f 
call Kathleen 638·1746 • a ng, ow, mage an e a' on. IP.: IS group IS or 

Ongoing women whO habitually diet, binge, and purge The focus w II be on exploring the underlying ISSueS rela ted 10 their relatlonsh,p With tood 
TopICS Wlllinciude developing coping skills to manage stress, bUild-
Ing sell-esteem, Increasing awareness and expression of teel-

anger management and special tOP'CS 4-S·30pm, \\Ildnesdays al the I'.bmen's 
Center Led by Michelle Boutte Burke and Ehzabeth WJlker Call MIChelle 534-
5905 10 sign up Sponsored by Psycholog,cal and Counsehng Sel\llces . 
• PaNfIl Support Groytl: Being a parent and a student at UCSD IS as chal-
lenging as life can be' ThiS group Will oHer a forum fOi parents to get together, 
share and learn from each other as we naVIgate logelher Ihe dellghlful and yet 
nOI so placid walersof parenthood 12-lpm, Wednesdays allhe Women's Cen-
ler. Led by Reina Juarez 534-3875 Sponsored by Psychological and Counsel-
Ing Services 
• HaVing roommate problems? Need 10 break your lease early? Is your landlord 
not making the necessary repalls? Havenl gol your securlly deposil back? Coone 
10 the LandlordiTenlnl Work.hop on Thursdays from 2-3pm Call Siudent 
Legal Services al 534-4374 lOr more Informalton 
• Career Advl.lng lor Undergraduale and Graduale Student.: Let 
expert career advlsOis allhe Ca reer Services Center (CSC) help you Identify 
career opporlunilies Ihal match your goals, Interesls and skills Gel your re-
sume cllllqUed , explOie pOlentlal careers, learn how to network and oblaln valu-
able career Informahon. Drop In advlsrng Monday-Fllday t 30·4pm. Momlng 
appts avallab,e Call 534-3750 For more career rnformahon, check out CSC's 
\',ebslte at http/twww-csc ucsd edu 
• "ob • Intem.hip U.ling. at CSC: Reglsler al the Career Services Cen-
tcr (CSC) to access lhousands ot on-campus and ol-campus lob hstlngs on-
line Appty early for rntemshlps. summer research programs, co-ops and st.m-
mer camps Company Informallon Including VIdeos. annual reports, products 
brochures and newsletters are available on the 2nd lloor Call 534-3750. For 
more rnfOimallon , check out CSCs webslle al hllpllwww-csc ucsd edu 

L~c:~ ... r~ 
Monday, Aprit 27.June 20 

• "Eighl on the Edge: New Architecture in Ihe We.t". an exhlbilion 
which explores Ihe cumng edge archltec lure berng bUilt In Ihe western US. Will 
be on view In Ihe Unrverslly An Gallery al UCSD The eight archltecls wlillec-
tUfe on thell work at 6pm In Mandevl le Audltollum. A recepllon Will tallow form 
730-9pm In Ihe gatlery For more rnfo call 534·0419 

Monday, April 27 
• SANDIMC .peak.,· Ida Aharo", from the Israeli Consola te speaks about 
the 50 years of fllendshlp between the United States and Israel. At Price Center 
Gaflery B from 6:30-7 30 pm. 
• "The Statu. 0' Women in Contemporary Mexico", lecture by Re-
gents' Lec turers Patrlsla C. Gonzales, distinguished pumahst and author whose 
syndicated column, -Latino Spectrum' (written w,th Roberto Rodriguez) IS pub-
lished In 40 newspapers nationWide. 3:30pm at the \\bmen 's Center 

Tuesday, Aprif 28 
• "Women's Letal Ae.oun:e.: What JOu .hould know about Fam· 
ilJ Law· lecture wlfl be given by Julia Garwood, a famlfy law speCialiS t. With 
the Women's Legal Center of San Diego. Held at the \\bmen's center al noon 

Wednesday, April 29 
• -"oumall,," from I RlCl-lllOwn Perspective", Part II. Publ iC lec-
ture by Regents' Lecturers Patrlsla C. Gonzales and Roberto Rodrrguez, dis IIn-
gUlshed lournallsts and authors whose syndicated column, 'Latlno Spectrum ', 
IS published In 40 newspapers natklnwide. 4pm at the C~ss Cufiural Center, 
adrnrsslon IS free. 

Thursday, April 30 
• Lecturer Michelle Habell-Pallan, Postdoctoral Fellow, literature Dept. of UCSD 
presents ·'SoJ Punk.,a J Que': Nation, Gende~ Ind the Politic. of 
Popular Music". Sponsored by the Center for the Study of Race and Ethnrclty 
and the Ethnrc Studies Dept 12pm at the Coss Cultural Center 

Sunday, May 3 
• The Birch Aquallum al ScliPPS Inslltute of Oceanography IS sponsollng a 
publiC lecture, "Kelf FON.t. In Motion: The SINggl. for Survival In 
a 1'IIrbuient EnvllOnm.nt" , given by Sc IiPPS graduate student, Michael 
Graham 2·3pm at 2300 Expedition Way In La Jolla The lecture IS Included with 
aquarium admiSSion, adulls are $7.50 and youths are $4. 
.E:Tr~.ra~sr c$c- ~~c:r~­

.a~i~.ra 
Monday, April 27 

• Mens Gold vs San Diego Golf Academy at Torrey Pines Golf Course at 1 pm 
• Men'. Tennl. VI. Pt, Loml Nazarene at MUll Tennrs Courts at 2pm 
• Party on. Party sllong, Party all night long wuh the UCSD Ballroom Dance 
Club. Cha Cha, Salsa, Hustle and morel Free lessonsl Free admission I 7 pm In 
Pllce Center BalfrOOO1 

Tuesday, Aprif 28 
• Professor Bennetla Jules-Rosette of the Soc~ogywlII be holding a book sign-
Ing tor her new book, Black Pari.: The African Wrilers' Land.cape at 
Groundworks Bookstore. All are welcome. 4·53Opm 
• Su.hile.1 and Karaoke Nighl cosponsored by Nikkei Studenl Union 
and Internal,onal Club Tons ollood and mUSIC. All you can eal and dona trans 
appreclaled 6-8pm In the International Center 

Wednesday, April 29 
• Softball vs, Concordia University (OHI al Tilton Field at 5pm 

Friday, May 1. 
• La.1 day 10 .ign up Sign up lor the tliP to the Museum of Tolerance 
,n your College Deans oNlce loday Cost S5.00 (Incfudes roundtrip transporta-
lion and admiSSion) The IliP IS on May 17. 19981rom 9am-7:30pm "Hope lives 
on when people remember ' -Simon Wlesenthal 

• Le.blan, Gay, BI.elual, "an.gender AI.oclation meets every Mon-
day al 7pm In the Graduate Assoclahon (next to A S Lecture Notes) Or stop by 
and say hi when our office door IS open (above Solt Resell/es) Come out and meet 
great people l ALL are welcome

' 

• AASU {African American Studenl Unlonl general body meetings every 
Monday al Cross Cultural Center 6-8pm Everyone IS welcome " For more 
Infor stop by AASU office behind Pufse In PrICe Center or call 534· 
2499 

Ings understanding the body and 
how It lunctlons. 
and ex-

• Revelle Seniors! Take a break from those mld-quartcr bfues at Moo.e 

6 McGillicuddJ's Dllectlons available at College Center. 21 and over. so bllng your IDs 8pm lA C, \,r . Sangam's Annual Boat Dance: Rock the Boal '98 from 9pm-2am. Setting Salf from San Diego Harbor 
" ,ckets available at • Lesbian and BI.elual Women's GlOup Coone share ~ 

and explore wOlnen Oriented ISSueS In a safe and sup- j 
portlve environment I We meet every Tuesday from 7 - r A, 
8 30pmat the I'.bmens Center. Burldl'19 4()7. Span- \ t IV 
sored by Psych and Counseling Se rvices For ; ~ 'ilJ} 
more Info cafl534·3755 J. , 
• Qur'lnlc .tudles every Wednesday 730· 
8 30pm at Cross Cultural Center Our'anlc chap-
ters are read and Interpreled In English The 
meeting IS led by a very knowlegable person, 
Muhammed Nasser Last thil lY mlnUles are lelt 
lor questions and diSCUSSion Everybody IS 
welcorne SponsOied by Mushm Student 
Associatron at UCSD 
• Ch.ckmate Che .. Club 
meetings at Pepper Canyon 
Lodge every Salurday from 3-
5pm Come play All skllt lev Is 
InVlled The only th,ng you need 
to bllng IS yoursell l 
• Undergrlduat. Ga, and 
BlsexuII "en'. Support 
GlOup meets every WedneSday 
7 830pm In the tnterna tlopnaf 
Center Conlerence Roann. An Inlormal 
drop·,n safe and suppo~lve peel enVlronmenl 
where guys can ask questIOns oct diSCUSS ISSueS Spon-
sor d by PsychologICal and Counsel'ng S€!VlCes 534-3755 

\ J 
piOllng lamlly dynam-

ICS Sponsored by Beverly McCreary 534-
3585 and Barbara VI\II 534 5989 Caf/ Beverfy 01 
Barbara to sign up lor the group Meets 900am 
Wednesdays 1003 Gafbrallh Ha I 
• G.ttln' It/A .. ertlvene .. "alnlng: An 8-
week WOI shop selles Will hefp u gel what you 
wanl oul 01 relationships (Irrend, roannmate , roman 
IIC, etc) Assertiveness training, SOCial slqlls, suess, 

Tlcketmaster Box 01-
f,ce 
• Women'. Waler 
Polo VI. Sun.et San 

DI.go Seniors al 
Canyoovlew Pool at 6pm 

Saturday, May 2 
• Softball v •• Cilipman (OHl al 

Tmon Flefd at 12pm C 
• Kappa Alpha Thela's 4th Annuat ""F"'t-..... ...,.""-fyL--

"Kal. with lall", Come watch mne of UCSDs 
fratermtles bailie It out ,n our softball toumament MUSIC, tood, 

and fun 10 the sun 24 30pm at the MUll Fields 
Saturday, May2-Sunday, May 3 

• Ba.eball- UCSD nilon Cla .. le at Tilton Baseball Flet~ all day 
Monday, May 4 

• "Heaven and Earth" movre screening Dllector Oill/er Stones frfm based 
on the aUlob'ography of Le Ly Hayshp, 'When Heaven and Eanh Changed 
Places' Presenled al the Cross Cultural Center al 630pm FOIlnfo call 534-
9689 

Ongoing 
• SIn Diego Film Fe.tival Mandevlfle Aud,tollum, 8pm. Fltms change call 
534-4090 tor more Into. 
• Want to get a headstart on the weckena? Get In on the excltemenl at Ihe 
lall_ Dine. Club's Fun Se .. lon.' Every Friday from 35pm In Ihe 
NOith Balcony of t Main Gym Its free no partner or expellence requlled

' ca~endar sub~~ss~~ns are due by 3p~~ on thursday at the 
guard~an ~ff~ce. upsta~rs ~n the o~d student cent ~ ~a~~ 
codle 0316. ~he week~y ca~_ndar ~s a~~ays ~ook~ng of for ~~~us rat ~~_ an~ photographs from the ucsd po~u~at~on~. ~~ke n~ck·s h ~ Br'n~g y~ur.s to the ~uard~an off~ce. ~~ you ~ant ~o • 

.- - I 

Monday, April 27, 1998 The UCSD Guardian FEATURES 9 
• 

Kendra Walker IGuardran 

Striving for Excellence 
Outgoin.9 A.S. PredWent Souley Diallo Didclldded UCSD, Politicd and Hid Perdonal Future 

On Wednesday, after a year of con-
troversy and accompli shment, Souley 
Diallo will leave his offit:e for the last 
time, and UCSD will be in the hands 
of a new president. 

Before making room for new 
hlood, however, the Guardian takes a 
closer look at Ihe <:urrent AS. presi-
dent and his at:complishments thi s past 
year. 

A poli ti ca l st: ient:e major set 10 
graduate in June, Diallo has always 
been interested in public servil.:e and 
getting involved in politics, 

''I'll prohahly always be involved, 
if not on the community level then 
with intemational issues and foreign 
policy," Diallo said. 

Apart from bei ng AS. president, 
Diallo is also a member of the Sigma 
Phi Epsilon fratemilY and is involved 
in IFCfPanhelienic. Previously, he was 
a Muir senator and involved wi th the 
College Democrats, 

Next year, Diallo wi ll he attending 
law school. Allhough he has only 
heard from USD, one of the eight 
schools he applied to . Diallo said he 
hopes to attend CLA. 

Diallo hopes to wurk for a firnl 
dealing with litigation or public liabil-
ity after he passes the Bar exam. He 
ha~ the long-term goal of opening his 
own firm . 

Looking "ack , Diallo is- the first 10 
admil that his presidency has been 'a 
year lillcd wi th obstacles_ It is, how-
ever, the conquering of the, e obsta-
cles Ihat have brought about, as he 
put s it , "fundamental changes" to 

UCSD. 
Ele<:ted under the "Revolution" 

slale, Di allo has led an AS, Coun<:il 
with the goal of tackling issues and 
maki ng changes. 

"We weren't afraid to go against 
Ihe slatus quo if we felt thai it was in 
the hesl interest of the students," Dial-
10 said of his administrati on. 

Diallo said he was often I.:a lled 
upon to make tough del.:isions based 
on I.:ompeting interests. 

"You often deal wi th issues that 
people are personally invested in, 
either financially or emotionally," 
Diallo said, "When you have to take a 
stanl.:e on an issue, ~ometimes thai can 
get very heated:' 

Discu ·sions often tumed emotion-
al, and Diallo was often personally 
attacked for hi s decisions, DiaJlo 
accepted Ihis as part of his job as A.S 
president. 

"That's politil.:s," he said, "You're 
goi ng to have to ro ll with the punch-
es." 

When asked how he wou ld like to 
see CSD change in the fu ture, Diallo 
answered that he would like to see 
pride and student involvement 
in rease and apathy decrease_ 

Diallo feels that UCSD is fou nded 
on a dynamic academic environment 
and that the social env ironmcnl could 
ea.~i ly be improved, This, he says, 
could happen through improved 
chool unity and student conne<: tions 

to the campus. 
"The college sy 'tem docs a really 

good job of reaching out to fir~t-year 

students," Diallo said. "Once students 
move out or their dorms, after their 
freshman ancl sophomore years, the 
coll cge system tends to sti fle campus 
unilY. It 's a detrimenr to transrer stu-
dents and lIpper-di vision ·tudents who 
move off campus and really lose that 
connection 10 their college," 

Diall helped the A,S, take over 
college programming, an accomplish-
ment he feels will continue to improve 
events at UCSD. 

UCSD will also bencfit from Divi-
sion (I athletics. L>i allo said, predi ~ting 
improved st:hool pride and socia l 
atmosphere, He intends to speak to the 
Academic Senalc-in favor of Division 
(I sports, pushing 10 make the change 
possible_ 

Diallo went into thc presidency 
with a long list of ideas 10 try and 

, prohlcms to fi x. He expressed the wish 
that he had more time to complete 
somc of his projct:ts, 

Diallo hoped 10 pursue the lack of 
housing on campus, and that he 
wished the AS, had dealt with the 
parking i sue more aggressively. He 
still sees a problem with ·the admis-
sions process without ilflirmative 
action, 

Diallo also talked about Ihe future 
of ~ I a tes on campus, 

'This was an interesting elcl.:tion in 
that we had one slate dominale except 
for the presiden,>" Joe Leventhal , who 
reall y ran what I thought an amazing 
l.:amp;lign on campus," Diallo said, 
"I'm not a fonunc teller and I don't sec 
slates dying, but I do think there will-

be more independent l.:ampaigns." 
Diallo had advice for Leventhal, 

hi s successor, 
"I think the biggesl thing is to try to 

articulate your vision early and to set 
your goals carly and to altal.:k those 
goals aggressively," he said, 

"I think it 's important that he 
starts off, because he has a somewhat 
divided council , by unifying the 
council among his goa ls,-' Diallo 
added, " It 's Ihe job of the president 
to sct the agenda for the year, moti -
vate people, listen to people and get 
hold or the division." 

Diallo helieves the Asso<:iated Stu-
dents is moving to the nex t level of 
student governmenl by becoming 
involved on all levels of campus. By 
ro<:using largely on the internal poli-
tics of UCSD, Diallo and the rest of 
the council have made many <:hanges 
Ihat atrecl UCSD students_ 

In the beginning of the year, Diallo 
was criticizcd for focusing too much 
on intemal problems of UCSD. Diallo 
said, however. that he fccls he made, 
and continued to make, decisions 
based on what students wanted and 
needed, 

Diallo also commented on Ihe 
quality of n:prC1>entution of sludenls 
hy the A.S . 

"It 's always dillicuh for 20 to 30 
indi vidu als to represent 14,000 to 
15,000 students," hc said. "I think the 
dynamic exchange of ideas in AS, and 
the conniuing personalities come up 
somewhere in lhe middle_ We do rep-

See SOULlY, Page 13 

Story by Marc Comer, Senior Staff Writel~ 



10 FEATURES The UCSD Guardian Monday, April 27, 1998 
• 

Psycho Therapy J 
Love: It's About a Lot More Than Looks Or How Mary 
Stopped Worrying and Learned to Listen to Her Mother 

1.....-___ --' By Mary HIggins Senior Staff Writer 
Your mother always told you 

that true beauty comes from within. 
When she wasn' t li stening, your 

older brother turncd to you and 
whispered, "That's what mothers 
tell their ugly children just to make 
them fee l beller." 

At first you told him to shut up. 
Then you started to th ink that 
mayhe he was right - maybe you 
were ugly. 

You pi ' tured yourse lf liv ing 
out the rest of your grade sc.: hool 
ycars, fri endl ess and huddled 
alone in the corner of the cafeteri a 
whil e people threw pudding at 
you and ca lled you "Dog Face:" 
Then you ran to your mom in tears 
and deillanded that she huy you 
Guess jeans and a Gap sh irt so 
you could li t in . 

Your mom handed you 60 
bu c.: ks and wo ndered how her lit. 
ti c pcp talk had back fired so 
badly. 

I envy those peoplcjn the world 
who c.:ou Idn ' t c.:a re less ahout how 
they look. How cOlll fort ing it is to 
think that th ey do n't care ahout 
their appearanc.:e. Well , now that 
I' ve discussed the three nomads liv-
ing in Siberia, let's get bac.: k 10 the 
rea l world . 

While some of us arc pleased 
with the way we 've turned out -

or ti lled out as the case may be - I 
can safely say that most people 
spend a good deal of time worrying 
about or altering their appearance. 

Even the slender people. Even 
t he tall people. Even the girl silting 
next to you with the perfect com-
plexion and long, fla xen hair ... . 
OK, well maybe nO! her. 

Think about what you hate most 
about your body right now. I'll bet 
you can trace it back to the first 
time someone made a thoughtless 
C0/11ment about the way you 
looked. It might even have been a 
comment about the way that some-
one else looked ("Wow, look at 
Sa lly's big fat bUll !") and that criti -
cal image has been with you ever 
si ncc. 

As children, we still had hopes 
that we might grow three or four 
inches and not be the shortest per-
son in the fifth grade. Alas, now 
that 1110st of us have passed puber-' 
ty, we rea li ze that thi s is as good as 
it get s. There is no hope of ever 
outgrowing that awful "awkward" 
stage. 

This is it baby, that's all there is. 
ake on the make-up , lift a few 

weights and fuss with your hair for 
hours if you like. It doesn't get 
much hetter, and when old age sets 
in, it sure as hell is going to look a 

lot worse. 
While we're at it, let 's admit 

that we 're obsessed with our looks 
for purely Darwinian reasons -
we want to lind and auract a mate 
(or maybe two or three, depending 
on your species). 

How many times has your mom 
reassured you that the man or 
woman of your (jreams is going to 
see past all the superficial bullshit 
and love you for who you really 
are? Nevertheless, at hem we're 
still staring in the mirror, horrified 
by a monster blemish and thinking, 
"Now I'll never get a date to the 
prom!" 

Hopefully most of us have 
matured beyond our "cutest guy or 
girl in homeroom" crushes and are 
taking interest in other appealing 
qualities such as intelligence, sin-
cerity and the oh-so-popular "sense 
of humor." Face it, though, when 
was the last time you had this con-
versation: 

You: "Gee, Billy, what are you 
staring at?" 

Billy: "Wow, that girl who 
wa lked by had a really nice person-
ality !" 

Is it fa ir? Not at all. 
Are men and women being shal-

low when they admire someone's 
looks'! Not at all. 

GET AN EDGE. 
GMAT- LSAT'GRE u.u 

c.n 
... 
DaIs 

~TIffi PRINCETON REVIEW 

Rtntals 
Sterees 

Surfboards 
AuloRepair 

Salfl 
Jobs 

Compu.ers 

and more in 
De ......... 
C ............ 

We're upstairs in 

Receive $50 Off 619-558-0500 the Student Center, above 
the General Store. With This Ad 1-800-2-REVIEW 

REGISTERED UNDERGRADS 
"COVER YOUR BOD" WITH 

SICKNESS AND 

Appearance is obviously the 
tirst thing you notice about a per-
son. An example: when the cute 
guys in the suite across the hall vis-
ited your donn freshman year, I'll 
bet you fi ve bucks they didn 't all 
immediately tlock to the ugly 
rDqlTlmate. 

Sorry mom, but unless you are 
one of the aforementioned Siheri an 
nomads, looks are important. 

But, looks aren 't everything. 
I believe most people know that , 

even your mean older brother. 
If you feel like you aren' t sue-

ceeding at love because of your 
"tragic flaw" (i .e. flat chest, 
re.ceding hairline, etc.) then th ink 
again. 

I would say that onl y fi ve per-
cent of people are honestl y "eye-
catching." The rest of us have to 
work a little harder to gel some 
attention. We have to maneuve r 
our way into relationships with 
charm, finesse and a little 
patience. 

So what if your boyfriend 
ogled your hot roommate the first 
time you met him'! In the end, 
you 're the one he wants to be with , 
right? 

An alluring appearance may be 
an advantage in life, but the real 
winners in the Dating Game arc the 

ones who stick around long enough 
to enjoy the other stull. 

Moreover, even though you 
might not be drop-dead gorgeous, it 
docs n' t necessari I y mean that 
you' re unappealing. In fact, we 
tend to be hyper-critical of appear-
ance the first time we meet people, 
but become accepting and even 
appreciati ve over time. 

When you get to know people 
and learn to love them - you don' t 
merely "get over" those quirky fea-
tures you prev iously di sparaged. 
The po inty ears, the toothpick 
arms, the pro fusion of ill -placed 
freckles are the very features that 
become an essential pan of the per-
son you care about. 

So in the end your mom was 
mostly right - don ' t worry so 
much about how you look. A truly 
worthy person will corne to love 
you even if your face turns blue and 
your hair falls out. In my opini on, 
ugly people arc jusr the people you 
haven' t gotten to know better .. . 
anJ you c.:an tell your brother I said 
so. 

Mary Higgins i .~ a very wise 
persoll because she has learned //I 
listen 10 her lIIo/her. III 21 years, 
Mary's m OIl/ has never been wrong. 
Please send e-mail fo 
mhiggins@sdl:c I7.ul:sd.edu. 

Science Studies Colloquium presents: 

Univers#p /lndustry Relations: 
Prospects and Problems 

featuring 

A l'ubtic }lorum 
Robert Conn ·DeanofEngineering 

Russell Doolittle ·ProfessorofMoleclilarBiology 
Paul Saltman -Professor of Biology 

Moderator- Professor Gerald Doppelt -Philosophy 

Aprlt27 
Solis Hall Room 107 • 4·6 pm 

f or more info call 534-0491 

Eye Allergies? 
•••••••••• .~ .. ~. 

ACCIDENT 
INSURANCE 

Scripps Clin ic, Di vi ion of Opthamology is conducting a research study for 
itchy, watery eyes. Participant mu ·t be: 

STUDENT PREMIUM $160.00 
Information and applications are available 01 

Student Health Service. 0039 • 534·2123 

• 18 years of age or older 
• Allergic to cats, weeds or gras 

Parti cipants need not be experiencing symptoms now. 
Qualified volunteers will be paid. 

Call the Study Coordinator, at 619554-9604. 

~ SCRIPPS CLINIC 
('or"'l/ lor Stili /h "RO SIIIC", /9::1 

Monday, April 27, 1998 The UCSD Guardian 

;~ Revel I e S un>d:/ry.· -S tor e 
~"" _ I , •• f..... ." ..... ;.',' , .. ' ' 

Join us on 
WQdhQsd~lI 

April ~9 
fronl 11:00 am-3:00 pm 
and help us celebrate 
the GI'~h<I rQ-Op~hihg 
of the newly remodeled 
r(UEl.l..E: SUhDf1'1 

STOrE:_ 
A Ribbon cutting 

ceremony will take place 
at 11:00 at the store. 
We have added a lot of 

new products to the store, 
including Hot Dogs, 

Nachos, Fountain Drinks, 
Fruit Smoothies 

and Hot Pretzels. 
We also put in a copy 
nlachine for your 

. 

convenience. 
Du ri ng Ou r Open House, 
we'll be sampling all sorts 
of products and y~u c~n 
enter your. name 'In our 
raffle to WIll .. ,,~'Ui\b'~ pril~S h ke. 

• A MOUNTAIN BIKE 
• PADRES TICKETS 
• TEE SHIRTS and 
.. FREE FILM 

PROCESSING 

Take advantage of these special offers 
good from (ffi[p)cftlO ~=01Jtl~U[] ~ 

Pepsi I Diet Pepsi 
Mountain Dew 

Case of 24 

Hot· Pretzels 

Fruit Smoothie 
16-oz. 

Jumbo Hot Dog 

Reese's Candy 
Bars 

Otis Spunkmeyer 
Cookies 

I D II 
2 Hot Dogs' N h M de I ac os and a 

e ,urn Fountain Drink 

II 



12 FEATURES 

Arena 
What issues would you 
like to see A.S. address? 
Interviews by Marc Comer 
Photography by Lisa Huff 

"I'd like to see them 
address tuiti on and 
hopefully stop the regent~ 
from ra ising it in the next 
few years, becau~e 1 heard 
they were going to ." 

") want them to extend the 
MOU, the Memorandum of 
Understanding for the co-
ops, so that it will last for 10 
years as opposed. to live. We 
don ' t know if we're going to 
be allowed to be here. They 
want to put McDonald's and 
Taco Bell in our place." 

Clara Hennen 
Muir Junior 

'This whole affinnative-
action debate has been kind 
of played out, but I'd like to 
see what kind of 
justification/reparation for 
the numbers that are lacking 
now of underrepresented 
students. I'd like to see AS. 
bring this up in discussion as 
a priority." 

Peter Perera 
Marshall Junior 

Hilary M. Rogers 
Marshall Junior 

"The two-week sprinp 
vacation. J saw that on the 
ballot somewhere." 

Manlcet Verano 
Warren Junior 

"Probably parking. That s 
probably the biggest thing. 
More events maybe. ( 
think they should push the 
sports to Division 11." 

Vem Meum 
Warren Sophomore 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, April 27, 1998 

The Editor's Soapbox 
The Trials of Travis: Editor Recalls the 
Challenging Moments of Owning a Dog 
By Leena Shankar, Associate News Editor 

Though I have been enjoy ing 
my life h.:re at U SD. I c()n~ t antl y 
Iccl lik.: sOlllething i~ Ill i'~ing . Yes, 
I mbs Ill y family, Ill y frie nds. Illy 
Lakers, hut it's mor.: than th at. The 
hole in my h~an rea ll y WITlC, from 
Illis.,ing my ruppy dog, Trnvb. a 
hcautllul. chuhh) golJcn n:ln.:\er 
He i., Illy hah} I ral'ocd hllll from 
tht: ti lll.:)!e \\;l, U IV.llm Illtle fur 
hall III th.: Au!!u\t hdorc Ill) Junior 
Yl'ar In high .,~ ho()1. 

I had glm" n up with the lOll' oj 
a hi)' lah "!I X that my pare nt , 
udoptL:d ewn hdorc I wa, hurn , r II 
ncver lorgel the tragic hilt ,ummer 
day whl.!n I wa., I I and ho.: drew 1m 
last hreath in the hackyard wi th my 
fam il y , urroundi ng him. 

Trav l, camc live yea r, la tcr, 
born on the , ame day that our li rst 
dog had died. My pa rent ., \ urpri,ed 
lIle with their rUfc ha,e of a puppy. 
They had ju, t ricked me up from a 
birthday party and ,aid that they 
needed to , tor at th.: mall to pick 
up ",omcthing for the house." My 
dad was even making cracks, ask-
ing my mom if the it em "camc 
assembled." 

Lillie did I know that they had 
hought the adorable puppy in the pet 
shop window. I couldn't believe il. 

I was thrilled to have my own dog 
to raise and love, hut I cuuld have 
never imagined the responsibilit ies 
that come with a dog. It W;L~ so cute to 
play wi th hi m, carry hi m around, 
watch him take puppy nap, and intro-
duce him to all my fricnds, but there 
wsre a lot or rough 'times as well. 
There were more than just the jncon-

I think anyone who 
has owned a pet, 
even fish, has a 
million stories to 
tell. Despite all the 
scares, having a dog 
has been a most 
rewarding 
experience for me, 
hard work but 
definitely worth it. 
\'l'I1I<.!I1l''::' of hou\.:hr.:akll1g or deal-
ing wi th a cry ing puppy allnighl. 

For "1~ta n~c, whcn he was sti II a 
mere young'un at the age of six 
month" he wa, :l lIaded by a hig 
akita whik out on u wa lk with my 
hro ther. Tht: ,Ikit a W,I', not on a 

lea~h dc~pite laws mandating that 
dog, he kept on Icash.::s. 

When Travis came hack home, 
hc was covered with the akita 's sa li -
va, hut had onl y a few lillie scratch-
es on hi, neck where the bigger 
dog', teeth had broken hi s skin . I 
washeJ him 01'1' and called the vet , 
and he actually ~eemed OK. The vet 
recommended that 1 take Travis to 
the local dog p~ycho l ogist for trau-
ma trea tment , but nothing in terms 
of medical treatment. 

My bro ther, on the other hand , 
needed stitches on hi s palm and 
bears that mark to thi s day. 

Everything went back to normal , 
until two days later when Travis ' 
neck started to swe ll up and he 

became listkss. Frightened, I called 
the pet emergency numOcr (kind of 
like the 91 I for ret owners) ; they 
told mc to bring him in ri ght away. 

I panickcd hccause it wa~ rast 
midnight , my parents wen.' out and 
I didn't have my drivers l i cen~c yel. 
So, I ca lled one of my d(lse 
I fl cnd.,. the only per,on who I 
km.: \\ \\lluld he up at that time on a 
\chool ni ghl. Shl.: Il\ed half an hour 
awa} and h} the lime ,h.: ru,hcd 
OH'r, In} palents had returncd. 

W ' all w.:nt to the ,mililal ei ller-
gcncy room anJ It , eem, th ,1l 
Travi\ had an ahscess due to th.: 
hite, Oil his ne.: k, He didn 't die, hut 
I l> urt: Jid get a scare that ni ghl. 

The emergency room visits did-
n' t ';\OP there. A few months later, 
we had t visit the vet occause my 
puppy had stuck his nose in the 
bushes and he en stung hy a hee. 
Hi s face swellcd up to lwi <.:e its nor-
mal size and he looked prelly mis-
erable for a few days. 

J u~ t a year ago, when I calile 
home for wi nter break, I found that 
my dug had been chewing on a 
lethal ch lorine tablet that the not -so-
smart poo lman had len Iloating in 
our pool. The vet told me to feed 
Travis hydrogen peroxide to induce 
vomi ting. I never did get him to 
throw up, but hc seemed to like the 
hydrogen perox ide for some reason. 

Two summers ago, my hrother 
and I found a gross, gray, squishy, 
marble-sized ball on my dog's hack. 
When we pulled it off, we aw that it 
had Icgs. Turns out it was a tick 

See SOAPBOX, Page 13 

Grah hrain. 
SLaL.e well. 

Free Sample8 
Viait tl.e N~afe Imotl. eominj 

to eampua April 30 

Monday, April 27, 1998 The UCSD Guardian 

Part Two 0/ Three: COI1Cernd oller Car Maintainence 
Safety and All That Jazz 

By Kacle Jung 
Guardian Reporter 

III a three·part serie.\' cOllcern · 
illg car lIIailltenance alld what /() 
do in cast! oj emerRellcies. o/lr 
reporTer disc/lsses voriolls steps 
dril'er.I' call /like to lIIaillwill their 
Cflr.l· alit! ('Imlre Their OWII sqfety, 

UCSD Police Oflicer Lamine 
Secka allendcd CSO in the past 
and is a formerCSO. He has worked 
wi th the San Diego Poli cc Depart-
ment and has heen with the UCSD 
Police for the last year and a half. 
He rccent ly shared his unique per-
specti ve and insight to driving safe-
ty and what to do in emergencies. 
Accidents 

Major on-campus accidents arc 
documented hy the UCSD police. 
Non-injury colli sions . arc also 
recorded at the part ies' request. 
However. s ~ch is not the case for 
off-campus acc idents. Because San 
Diego proper is so large, city 
police oflicers wi II onl y take 
report s for a~cidents t hat do 
involve injuries , 

If you arc invol vee! in an acci-
dent, you must exchange relevant 
information with the other driver: 
names. licenses, telephone num-
bers. insurance compani es and wit · 
nesses. Record the cars i nvo l ved, 
the location and the time and date 
of the acc ident. If the po li ~e are 
taking a report, lind out thc case 
number hecause yo ur insurance 
company will ask for it. Fi nally, 
never leave the scene of an accident 
if you have not given the required 

informati on - this is a misde-
meanor under Cali fornia law th at 
could result in a fine or even jail. 
Breakdowns 

If your car hreaks down on cam-
pus, there arc a few things you can 
do to reduce your chances of per-
sonal injury. Stay with your car 
unless you are ca lling for help . If 
possible, have a pad of raper and a 
pen in your car at all times to leave 
a note i I' you must leave the car to 
ca ll for help. Ofliccrs wi ll order 
ahandoned cars, especially those 
hlocking traffic, towed away. 

When (;a lling for help, he sur.: 
you can descrihe you r car to the 
di spatcher. Know ing till: li cense 
plate numher. co lor, make. model 
and year of the car will help tow 
trucks ident i fy your car, and there 
wi II he no cause for confusion. 

Also, if on campus, ca ll the 
CSO police at 534-HELP instead 

of a towing company because an 
offi cer wi ll respond immediately to 
you r lo<.:at i on. 

'The UCSD PD has a contract 
wi th a loca l towing company, and 

this company is guaranteed to 
come in under 20 minutes." Secka 
said. 'T his i a benefit occause you 
won't have to wai t for hours with a 
differ.:nt tow tl1.lck company." 

I I' your car happens to hrcak 
down off camrus. there arc guide-
lines you should follow to ensure the 
~al\: ty of yourself and others. Drive 
safely to the right should.:r and cOllle 
to a complete stop as filr off the road 
as possihle. If you cannot li x the 
problem yourself'. stay with your car 
and wait for :l passing CHI' or Free-
way Service Patrol offi cer to assi t 
you. Raisi ng the hood will help draw 
attention to your car. 

If you are safely off the right 
side of the road, you can leave your 
ca r and wa lk to the nearest emer-
gency (;a ll box . However, because 
of the high vo lume of ca lls during 
rush hours, it may take a while for 
someone to answer the phone. 

Do not try and (;hange a tire 
while exposed to traffic. Instead, 
ca ll for help. If you arc stuck on the 
left shou lder of the road , stay in 
your <.:ar and wait for assistance. 
Never attempt to cross the freeway. 

If you are 110t on a freeway 
when your car hreaks down, try to 
stop in a well -lit arc;! so that you 
wi ll he vis ihle to passing cars. This 
wi ll also make you less vulnerable 
to an attack. 

"Use (;o mmon sense hefore 
leaving your car," sa id Secka. 
"Only assess and li x your car whcn 
you feel it 's safe and you fee l CO ITI -
fortahle." 

SOAPBOX: 
Biology major has 
many stories to tell 
Continued from pac_ 12 
engorged with Travis' blood. All 
the wildlife in my neighborhood 
means that ticks arc a continual 
summer prohlem. othing is more 
Jisgusting than having to pick 
wriggling, h~ngry tich off my 
dog. but it 's part of the re~pons ihi l ­
it y of owning a pel. 

I think anyone who h;!s owned 
a pet , even li sh , has a million sto-
ries to tell. Despite all the scares. 
having a dog has heen a most 
rcwarding .: x pericn~c for me -
hard work, hut delinitely worth il. 
When I'm here at UCSD, I Illi ss 
the comfort and warmth that my 
dog hrings to my life. I (;Quid 
never imagine li fe wi thout a dog 
again after college. 

Though I think all dogs arc 
adorable. I love having a hig dog 
hecause I can romp in the grass 
with him and not he arraid of 
squishing or hurting him. 

Just in case you happen to he 
wondering , herc arc some other 
things that I wanted to wr~te ahout 

SOULEY: 
Plans to sleep more 
in comjng weks 
Continued from pac_ • 
resent a Im~ority. We try to listen to 
what the averagc student at UCSD 
rcally wants." 

Diallo is hoping to accomplish 
a few things as hi s prcsidency 
comes to a clo 'e. For the next six 

FEATURES 13 

but dccided not to: 
I all ended an all -girl s, 

Catholic school for junior hi gh 
and high school - a school com-
plete with uniforms, nuns and 
mass services once a month. I 
have lots of interesting stories to 
tell about tho e six years of Illy 
life, six yea rs that I actually 
enjoyed for the most part . 

Last summer, my ramily in a 
moment or craziness decided to 
drive from Thousand O,lks (my 
hometuwn) to Boston in four 
days. There is so much to sec in 
this heautiful country of ours that 
it 's a pity everyone flies places 
rather than driving. 

And finally, I had thought 
ahou t writing a ~uapbox on how I, 
just yo ur average garden-varicty 
hiology major, hecame interested 
in journali sm. There really is 
nothing in the world like being a 
journalist; you always ' hear the 
storics first , get to talk to interes t-
ing and important people, and do 
things that you would never oth-
erwise do. If any of you out there 
want to add some exci tement and 
fun to your li fe, be a reporter -
just give the news section a call at 
534-5226 or drop hy. 

weeks , Diallo will be silling on a 
couple of ~ommillees and prepar-
ing for commencement. 

"I'll oc focusi ng a lillie more on 
academics," Diallo said. "You miss 
a lot of class as A.S. president, hav-
ing to go to meetings. I'm planning 
on gell i ng a lillie more sleep." 

Diallo said he would be sati s-
lied if UCSD remembered him as 
someone who just tri ed [() make the 
campus a better place. 

UCSD's Career Services Center and the 
UCSD Alumni Association present: An organization of Eleanor Roosevelt College at UCSD 

MON. , MAY 11 
ARTS b 

COMMUNICATION 
4 :30PM '6:3 0PM AT CSC 

Gallery Director 
Advertising Copywriter 

Media Sales Representative 
Commercial Artist 

Television Broadcaster 

THURS ., MAY 14 
T ECHNOLOGY [) 

PHYSICAL SCIENCES 
4 .30 PM ·6 30PM AT CSC 

Environmental Scientist 
Actuary 

Technical Writer 
Research Engineer 
Systems Engineer 
Software Engineer 
Systems Analyst 

Secondary School Teacher 
Patent Attorney 

Forensic Scientist 
Development Engineer 
Applicattons Engineer 

Manufacturmg!Production Engineer 
Webmaster 

TUES., MAY 12 
BUSINESS 

4 :3 0PM'6:30PM AT CSC 
Accountant 

Specialist 
.JInl"'m~m~'nt Consultant 

Market Research Analyst 
Product Manager 
Retail Manager 

Securities Broker 
Organizational Development Specialist 

FRI ., MAY 15 
LIFE S CIENCES 

b H EALTH 

Prrv·.~jci.~n Assistant 
Practitioner 

Health Services Manager 
Pharmaceutical Sales Rep. 

Physician 
PharmaCist 
Veterinarian 

Productjon Scientist 

WED ., MAY 13 
HUMAN SERVICES b 

SOCIAL SCIENCES 
4 :3 0PM ' 6 :3 0PM AT CSC 

Lawyer 
Public Health Educator 

Mental Health CounselorlTherapist 
Tra ining and Development Specialist 

Foreign Services Officer 
Policy Analyst 

Elementary Teacher 
Secondary Teacher 

Student Affairs Specialist 
Human Resources Representative 

Urban Planner 
Special/Federal Agent 

Social Worker 
Clinical Psychologist 

Corporate Fitness Instructor 

comj6ion, 
SEARCH 

CLUB 
• 3-w .. 11 womhop(eight 3·hr. 
sessions) lor job hunters who 
want to improve lob search 
strategies and skills, conduct 
employer research and ~ke 
contacts in their tields of mterest 

JURE 22, 24, 26, 29 
JUlY 1, 6,8,10 
9 AM·1211O~ 

open to graduating se~lOrs . , 
graduale studel1lS or alUI11l1l seekinO 
lull.tlme emplOYmellt Sign up It the 

Careef SlifYlc;e1 Ct.nler . .... 

A Distinguished Speakers Series Presentation: 

_D.~gital Futures vs. Jechnorealism 7 
Visions of the 

New Millennium 
Particularly since the development of the World· Wide 
Web, the Internet has had a profound effect throughout 
the world. The Internet pays little attention to International 
borders and has made It poulble for people to 
communicate and share Information much more freely 
than ever before. The rapid growth of the Internet and 
the power that It offers have-In conjunction with the 
rapid approach of the year 2000-led many futurists to 
advance mlllenial visions of the Internet as a revolutionary 
technology that will sweep away nation-states, 
governments, and other outdated vestiges of the older 
order. It I. Important, however, to look critically at such 
visions and get II sense of the boundary between reality 
and hype. 

Our speaker will discuss this topic and welcomes your 
Insights. 

Eric Roberts 
The Charles Simony; Professor for Innovation in Teaching 

Monday, April 27, 1998 
8:00 p.m. - 9:15 p.m. 

Eleano, Roosevelt College 
PEPPER CANYON LODGE 

Food & Refreshments will be served beginning at 7:30 p.m. 

This .v.nt sponsor.d by the IGCC & PISA. 
For further d.t.lIs, pl .... contact M.x Soto at the ERC 

Offlc. of R.sld.nc. LIf., 534-2261. 



Monday. April 27. 199M TheUCSDG~u=a' r~d~ia=n __________________________________________________ 14 

GO SEE YOUR HYUNDAI DEALER TODAY. 
This is the 1998 Tiburon FX. Sport-tuned suspension . Ti nted windows . Halogen headl amps. AM/FM stereo. And a standard 
warranty 1 ackage that ro ks the indust ry. Get into the ar Road & Trark says. " .. .fears no winding mountain road ... .. 
And for a limited time receive $ 1,250 cash ba k. U e the cash for somerhing fun . Or, finally payoff that book 
you 've had since freshman Eng lish. Get to your Hyundai dealer today. And see why Driving is Believing. 

DRIVING IS BELIEVING 

1-800-826-CARS 

HYUNDAI TIBURON FX 

www.hyundaIUSA.com 

Monday, April 27, 1998 

DRUGS: 
3-on-3 is definitely 
not for me 
Continued from page 20 
what I'll do is pass it to you. Then 
you dribb le it some more and s<.:o re. 
To keep them off balance. 1 should 
score sometimes, too. 

"Good plan. Go Team Drugs!" 
Fourteen seconds into our first 

game. we were down 1-0. 
Now should be the part when I 

tell you th at the ship su nk and we 
got destroyed by everyone. But that 
wasn't the case. The soccer gods 
dedded that we had to ge t some 
hope before we bit that iceberg. 

We got a quick goal and then 
went up, 3- 1. But they started chip-
ping away at us. 

Soon, it was tied. Then they 
went up by I. Then they went up by 
2. Then the stupid ship linall y sunk. 
We never led again. We lost, M-S. I 
let a ball ac tually go under my cleat 
as I tried to trap it and gave them a 
goal. Let the su<.:ki ng begin. 

[n game two. we were still 
thinking positively. [I' we got a cou-
ple of breaks. we cou ld win. At that 
point, [ could have sworn [ heard 
wicked laughing in the di stance, 
but [ ignored it. I shouldn' t have. 

We got beat, 10-2. It was 
vi<.: ious. It was at this point that the 
under- II teams started to heckle us. 

Then we had a few hours to kill 
before our nex t fiasl:o. We knew we 
weren' t going to the playoffs at this 
point. so we decided to rea lly live 
up to our name .. . '<.:ause it was Sat-
urday, we didn ' t have no joh and 
we didn't have spit to dol (U SA 
ve rsion, so rry). 

Then in our newer, happier 
state, we decided to cat - at C:l rl 'S 
Jr. Now we were sufficiently rat 
and slow, and It was ga me time. 

We IUl:ked ou t and played a 
team Ihat was worse than us. We 
were lired up. Then they ki cked 
orf, and put a move on one or us 
that would have normally heen eas-
ily defended against. [n these cir-
CU lllstan<.:es , however, my dear 
friend got turned around and actu-
ally fell over. I broke into hysterit;s 
at that point . and they scored the 
t1rst goa l. 

Not only did we suck, hut we 
just gOI no love. We musl have had 
th ree ba ll s go olT the post. Never-
Iheless, we had to have some mea-
SUfi! of hope before we were 
crushed. We wt the lead to I goa l. 
then one of us hit a shot, only to 
have a guy slide 10 block it (ille-
gal), then on the rehound, he swat-
ted away Ihe shot with his hand. He 
came up clutching hi ~ hand in pain, 
and the referee ca lmly gave the 
other team a goal kick. Huh? 

Don' t ask me: all I know is that 
the laughi ng rrom above was get-
ling louder. 

After losing that game. ou r final 
embarrassment 1::Il11e. The team we 
were supposed to play next had 
deMroyed everyone in ollr bra<.:ket 
and then asked us if we wanted to 
just forfeit our late gaml.! wi th 
them. We all knew what the re~lIlt 
would he, so why bo'ther'! Exactl y. 

So the 0-3 Team Drugs. not 
wanting to ri ~k something even 
worse happening (rain was threa t-
ening, and there was a beller lhan 
average possibility that one of us 
wou ld be hit hy a ~tray lightning 
bolt), decided to call it a day. 

As we wa lked off into the sun-
set, we were sore, bloody and heat -
en. but we kept ou r heads high, tak -
ing so la<.:e in the fact Ihat we gOl 
ugly-ass free T- h lrt~ . And i~ n ' t that 
rea ll y what it ':, 011 about'! 

The UCS D Guardian SPORTS 15 

3 Qai rs of color 
DISPOSABLES * 

Free cotor variety packs lor tight 
or dark eyes when you buy t 2 
pairs 01 FreshLook' c tear 
disposabes (6-mo suppty) 

Exam, follow-up, solutions, $14 9 
6 mo. of FreshLooks® Clear, 
3-pair Rainbow variety pack. Aller Mfrs $40 rebals 

IIJ~' I "lin !~, ;11 EXTENDED WEAR 
$89** $99** 

COMPLETE 2 PAIRsB&L FW 
•• ALL speCials include lenses , exom, eyecare ~II and follow up Visit 

A'iogmalic lense, h'gh.r Nal yaltd w,lh any alher all.r 
Oilers e.pire 5/t5/98 

Roml HILLEl . 0 .0 • SlEVEN TATMAN, 0 .0 . 

I COSTA VERDE CENTER 
8650 GENESEE AVE. 51! . 220 (619)452-7374 

FASHION V ALLEY CENTER 
NEAl 5AKS ftFTH AVENUE (619)295-0537 

M·F to ·7 · SAl to·6 · tf y ONlY' SUN. 't ·6 

rnational 
Now ln the UCSD Prlce Center 

(neht to ~spresso Rom£]) 
, 

From Over 14 countries, including: 
Magazines 
and newspapers 
from all over 
the world. 

France 
Germany 

Italy 
England 

Japan 

Our most popular newspapers/magazines: 
EI Pais - AI Ahram - Assahi -

Carriere Della Sera - Jerusalem Po~t -
The Times - Int'I. Herald Tribune -
Le Monde - The Daily Telegraph -

Die Woche - Deer Spiegel -
Paris Match - Halla - Hello - World Soccer 

plus many more,,, 

, Israel 
& more ... 

WE AlSO CARRY U.S. PAPERSI 
StlV In touch with home. 

Order vour hlme tlwn SundlV 
PIPer lor next wlelland. 

Clll [619J 558-4520 

OPEN Mon. -Fri., 1:45am -5:30pm 



I . _ ~ . 

16 CLASSIFIEDS The UCSD Guardian Monday, April 27. 1998 

EVE N T S 
Sangam'S Annual Boat Dance: Rock the 
Boat '96. Friday, May 1st, 9pm-2am Irom 
San Diego Harbor. Tickets available Irom 
Tickelmaster (Box Office) starting April 
13. Can Payal al638-1727 lor more inlo, 
orcheckourwebsite: www-acs.ucsd.edul 
- sangam (4/20-30) 

CLASSIFIEDS 
Classified Line 

Ad Rates 
Student.: $2 per 20 word. 

Faculty. Slaff: sa per 20 word. 

Work ouldoors with children. West Los 
Argeles Day Camp . Counselors & 
instructors : swimming, arts , 
horsebackriding & sports. 310-399-2267. 
(4/13-5n)'-______ _ 

All oth .... : 54 per 20 word. 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 

The UCSD Guardian reserves the roghl to classify, edit, delele oHenslve words and 
phrases. and/orrefuse any and all advertisemenls withaul prior notification. The Advertiser 
will nol hold Ihe Guardlsn liable for any claims resulling from the publication of the 
advertisement. The publisher will also not be held accountable for any claim Irom an 
agreement made belween Ihe advertiser and the consumer. 

Advance paymenl is required. 

Classified Display 
Ad Rates 

www.4CRS.com 
Win a free computer 

Free service to 
CoUege students 

l:t IiW~: Pt·,:at 
* ROUND TRIP COURIER FARES. 
ondon $285 Mexico $150 Hong Kong $389 

Copy ~hould be reviewed by the advertiser lor errors . In order to be corrected In Ihe nexl 
regular issue, all errors musl be reported by Ihe corresponding deadline. Cledil will only 
be given for the Incorreclportion of Ihe advertisement There are no refunds for cancellations. 
Pl ...... nd all corr •• ponanc. r.gardlng CI ••• lfled. to: 

$9.00 per column inch 
Deadlines: 

Publlcallon Oa~ ~,play Ad. line Ad, 
Monday Noon Thurs. 3 pm Thurs. 

XCLNT XTRA $ Modeling opportunities, 
up to $1000, For women, experience not 
required . Photolcontact inlo to 7770 
Regents Rd., # 113-2115092122. (411 6-
27) 

Chi .. $360 S '$520 Bangkok $370 
, . 

UCSD Guardian, Attn: Cla •• lfled., 11500 Gilman Drive '031S, La Jolla , CA 92093. 
Actual 10caUon: Stuant C.nt.r A, Room 217. Thursday Noon Mon. 3 pm Mon. 

AIR COURI ER: NTERNATIONA L 
1-800-298-1230 24 hr 

Raise up to $500 or more In one week. 
Fundraising opportunities available. No 
financial obligation. Great for clubs, 
organizations, and motivated students. 
For more information call (888) 51 -A-
PLUS ext. 51 . (2112-6/4) 
San Diego's oldest Gay and Lesbian 
newspaper is, available on campus. Find 
it at Thurgood Marshall college Admin. 
B . each Thurs. (4/20-30) 
New Peace Corpi Recruiter on 
CampuII Meet Suan Hanson at theae 
Information Sessions: April 29, May 13 
and 27. June 10 and 24. All Sessions 

Irom 3:3Opm·4:30pm in the Conference 
Room al Ihe International Center. 
(619)822-2216 for more info. (4127)_ 
The Episcopal Student Association meets 
every Wednesday from 5:00-6:30pm in 
the international Student Center 
Conference Room lor commun ion, 
Christian discussion, and free dinner. 
,StUdents, facuHy, andslaffwelcome. Call 
534-6549 lor information. (4/27) 
Get your See's Candy at Ihe Thurgood 
Marshall College Dean's Office for $1 .00 
and help support the TMC Scholarship 
Fund. (4/27) 
The UCSD Early Childhood Education 

Do you suffer from 

ALLERGIES? 
Volunteers are needed for a two-week Research Drug 

Study, All testing and study medications are 

FREE 
Qualified participants will be paid up to 

$125 
for participation_ 

Call ·1-888-Study-88 (1-888-788-3988) 
Warren W. Pleskow, M.D. 

AllERGY AND AS THMA TR(ATMENT ANO RE SEAR CH ASSOC IATE S 

AUTO 
SERVICE 

eryiee Guaranteed 
--.... ·5 MOST POPULAR 
SERVICE CENTERS 

Honesty is Our # I Priority 
Complete auto repair, all makes and modefs 

European • Japanese • Domestic 
Approvftl IftI •• d vehicle ,er";ce. ASE certiRftI for: 
• ENGINE REPAIR AND PERFORMANCE DIAGNOSIS 
• AUTO TRANSMISSION/TRANSAXLE 
• MANUAL TRANSMISSION/CLUTCH 
• . S.U~PENSION AND STEERtNG 
• COMPLETE BRAKE JOBS 
• ELECTRICAL/ELECTRONIC SYSTEMS 
• HEATING AND AIR CONDITIONING 
• COMPLETE MAINTENANCE AND SCHEDULED SERVIC ES 
& more. Call lor an appointment' 
- - - - - - -, c..tffl/MotorOil Mention this ad and receive a 

35-PT_ COMPLETE I 
TRAVEL & SAFETY 
I"SPECTION FREE I 
$65.00 value! ~ I 
-----_._ ..... 

\ 

FREE 
TOWING 

Call far delad. 

J 5 minute, from UCSOI Toke La Jolla Vi llage easl, it turns into Miramar! 

711. MIRAMAI RIAB, SUITE I 
888-S-FIX CAR/S88-7SS2 

fax: 566-7553 • OfIfN T DAYS A WIfK • Mon. -Sat. 8:00 -6:30, Sun. 9-6 

Center provides child care for UCSD's 
laculty, staff and students. We have 
several openings for 2 to 3 year old 
children (toddlers) . There is usually an 8-
12 month wailing period. but right now 
there is NO WAIT TO ENROLL 
CHILDREN in this age group! Hours: 
7:30 amto 5pm, plus After Hours Program 
'til 6 pm. Tuition rates vary_ If you are 
interested please call 534-2768. (4/27-
30) 

EMPLOYMENT 
www.4CRS.com 
Get a job 
Free service to 

College students 
$1500 weekly potential mailing our 
circulars. No Experience Required. Free 
Information packet. Call 410-783-8279. 

(2126-6/4)~ ____________ _ 
FUN SUMMER JOBS Gain valuable 
ex peri once working with children 
outdoors. We are looking for caring 
Summer Day Camp staff whose 
lummer home is in the San Fernando 
or Conelo Valley, Ventura, Camarillo, 
Malibu or Simi Valley. General 
Counselors & Specialists: swimming, 

horses, boating, tishing , ropes course, 
music, and more. Summer salaries range 
$2,100-$3,200+. Call 818-865-6263 or 
email CampJobs@ aol com. (4/2-5121) 

Yoh Scientific needs: 
·Chemists 

·Biochemists 
·M icrobiologists 

·Molecular Biologists 
·Research A ssoc iates 

·LahTcchniciansl A ss istants 
·Chemical Engineers 
Fax (619)622-9048 

Phone (619)622-9005 

lI1!b 
MEN-AGES 18-24 for nude modeling and 
acting. Call Phil, (619)584-2243 lor 
interview. (..::4/.::.2-..:3.::.0)'--_____ _ 
CRUISE SHIP & LAND-TOUR JOBS -
Excellent benelits. World Travel. Ask us 
how! (517) 324-3090 ext. C59762 (4/6· 
30) 
AIRLINE EMPLOYMENT· Entry level! 
skilled. Ground craw, reservatlonlsts, 
ticket agentl , flight attendants. 
Excellent travel benefits. Ask .us how! 
(5'2) 336-0971 ext. L59761 (4/13-51142 
GREAT SUMMER OPPORTUNITYI 

summer break fever 
. • ....... :r • . 

~. - ' . - .. 

Party Hard~ Trarel Safe . 

FARES AilE ROUND TRIP, DO NOT INClUDE fAXlS RESTRI(TiONS APPlY. 

, _Travel _ 
au.: C ... d .. law __ ".1 ~.f"'l I:u ...... 

9500 Gilman Drive 
UCSD Price Center Ste_ 76 
La Jolla 

(619) 452-0630 

learn Bartending 

619-296-0600 
Hey Golfers! Need a summer job? We 
need golfers to staff our Golf Gifts Sales 
Cart at UTC. Outside. Sunshine. Close 
shilts available May 1. 1 Oam-3pm & 3pm-
9pm. $6/hrto start. Call Terry at 760-740-
0697. (4116-27) 
FEMALE HAIR MODELS. Shampoo 
company needs (40) female models 
monthly (especially Asians) lor their 
upcoming April & May hair shows! No 
experience necessary! All ages & heights 
ok! For more inlormatioo & other modeling 
opportunities call (anytime) 1-(800)-959-
9301. (4/20-614) 

INTERVIEWERS $7/11R 
Join the interesting world of nwketlng 

rHearch, conducting telephone 
surveys and opinion polls . 

WE TRAIII 110 SALES 
25 wpm TYPING (_ tHt) 

PM shifts. 7 days a week. FT or PT 

DIP 
Apply In ~ Mon rue Wed 

person 9Jffl Jpm 

DIRECTIONS IN RESEARCH' 
8593 Aero Drive 

Assistant for Ohio State 's 
alum organization . 
T a k e-c h a r ge a bility and 
r eco rdk eeping skill s a plus. 
Resume an d reference s 
required. Flexible hours. Pay 
negotiable. 619-5 73 -1565 

INTERNATIONAL EMPLOYMENT -
Teach basic conversational English in 
Southeast Asia. Excellent earnings + 
benefits potential. Ask us how! (517) 
32~3122 ext. J59762. (4/~~~ 
$1000's WEEKLY! Stuff envelopes at 
home lor $2.00 each plus bonuses. Work 
FIT or PIT . Make $800+ weekly , 
guaranteed! Free supplies. No experience 
necessary. For details, send one stamp 
to N-34, 12021 Wilshire Blvd., Suile 552, 
Los Angeles, Ca. 90025. (4/20 -30) 
San Diego Bait Barges need full or part 
time workers for day and night shilts. Call 
(619) 223-5384 for an application. (4/23-
5118) 

... UNIVERSITYOrCALIFORNIA 
U RIVERSIDE LEARN JAPANESE IN JAPAN! 

Enroll in a concentrated beginning or intermediate study program at 
OCR's sister university, Fukuyama University, located. near Hiroshima. 
Participants in this course learn to speak, read and write Japanese ilnd 
will stay with Japanese families to gain greater understanding of the 
culture as welJ as the language. 

School Dales: June 29-July 24, 1998 
Orientation Meeting: June 4, 1998, 7-9 pm 
Cost: $2,500 (includes tuition, meals, 
accommodations, insurance and some local 
h'ansportati on) 
A $500 deposit is due by May 13, 1998, with 
the balance due on May 29_ 

"I feel like ) really experien...-ed the Japanese way of lire! " 
") enjoyed the cultural and social education, 
the people, the beauty, the shopping - everything!" 
- ptJrticiplmts in 1997 progr_rn 

UCR EXTENSION 
"."" ~~ ""'*",......" ---. ..... ,., ~G""" 

Monday. April 27. 1998 

IAMUON UNCII CAMP 
$88ks mature students to work as 
COUNSELORS at our rustic , self 

sufficient children's camp. We need 
positive role models who have at 

least one teachable skill , i. e. 
houeback riding , lifeguards, 

mountain bikers, archery, drama, 
etc . RM, BD, laundry, plus salary. 

Call 1-800-696-9062 for 
information and lication . 

Need extra money? Use your SAS 
programming skills to assist a doctoral 
student. Call Mary at (619)272-4575 or 
OellefieldO aoLcom( 4/27) 

hlrln~ RA's and TA's for their 

Program. Pick up an application 

at Student Center Bulldln~ B 

before Moy 1st. 

Laboratory Experience- PTIFT Clean 
room/Lab microcleaner. Some physical 
work. Evenings and weekends. Flexible 
schedule. Starting pay $7 per hour. Call 
Brian at (619)589-2912 (4 /27-5n) 
No Joke! Earn 2-5k/mo. starting this month 
from home. Must be teachable. No selling. 
Call lor inlo. (800)320·9895 ext. 6982 (41 
27-5/14) 
SUMMER INTERNSHIPS - EARN 
53,000-$6,000 & GAIN VALUABLE 
BUSINESS EXPERIENCE selling yellow 
page advertising in your University's 
Telephone Directory this SUMMER. 
Excellent advertising lsaleslP .R. 
RESUME BOOSTER . Call College 
directory Publishing Inc. at (800)466-2221 
x230 or x 288. Visist our web site at http: 
4122/98www.campusdirectory.com for 
inlo and to submit an application for 
immediate review! (4/27-5/' L _ 
Club Med & Cruise ships now hiring. Free 
details (800)435-4247 (4/27) 

ROOMMATES 
I don't have much. Asof May, I won't have 
a roommate. Mission Hills, 2brl1 ba, $3001 
mo. Animallvegelable/mineral OK. No 
fungi. Peter 293-0213 (4/6-30) 
Beaumul Mira Mesa Apt., seeking lriendly 
cool roommate, tOmin. from UCSD. Near 
lots of restaurants + stores. Available 
ASAP or starting 611 /98. $404.50 lor own 
room. Lily @ 578-703~. (4/13-5/28 ) 
Roommate needed for the Summer, 10 
min away from ca mpus. Room 
overlooking pooUspa . $270month. Cali 
566-5620. (4123-30) 
Roommate(s) wanted for 3 bedroom UTC 
townhome.$400plus 1/3 utilities or $600, 
1/2 utilities. Non-smoking. No pets. 
Kathryn, 619-587-8595. (4/23-511~) __ 
Roommate wanted to share large 3 
bedroom condo in UTC, 2 miles from 

UCSD. Pets okay. 53201mo. Available 
nowl 587-2553 (4127 ) 

FOR RENT 
For rent : UTCILa Jolla Colony 
town homes: 3-bedroom, 2.5 bath, 51600; 
4-bedroom, 2-bath. $1850. July 1. 
Washer/dryer/refrigerator. Near Von s, 
UTC, Costa Verde. 454-6462. (3130-41 
~) 
SEEKING AN APARTMENT: Law student 
seeking a furnished apartment to sublet 
for the summer. Will be in town al the end 
01 May through Mid-August. Prelerbeach 
area, safe, qUiet , non-smoking 
environment with parking. Please leave a 
message a1685-31 16 (4/20-30) 
Lrg Master Bedroom lor Summer rent 
$430/mo + 1/5 util avail. now ·9f l . Rhonda 
455-6623. (4/23-27) 
UTCILa Jolla Colony Towhome : 3· 
bedroom, 2.5 bath, $1525, available late 
June. WasherlDryer/Refrigerator. Near 
Vons, Costa Verde, UTC. 454-6462 (41 
27-5/21) 
La Jolla Colony Condo, privale bedlbath. 
5395- Near UCSD. Ron 457-5806 (4/27· 
30) 
Room available in La Jolla Condo for 
First Summer School Session. 5 min. 
from UCSD. Brent 558-5980 or Sarah 
Q42-1840. (4c.::/2c...7-.c:..5/c...l'C!..) __ _ 

FOR SALE 
Specialized Red M2 Metal Matrix Pro 

Roa~Frame 54cm with KinesisAluminum 
Fork. New· never assembled. $500 OBO. 
Jeremy 558-7878. (4/23-517) 
FURNITURE! COUCH $50, 2 pillows,. 
unfolds into a bed; NIGHTSTANDS (2) 
$25 each, brass pulls; STUDF.NT'SOESK 
520. Call (619)646-8352 (4/27) 
SURFBOARDS 6'5" perfect condition, 2 
months old, super lun. $225 obo. 6'3" 
last, good condition. $150 obo. John! 
Narayan 457-5106 (4/27-30) 

VV ANT E 0 
WE'RE LOOKING FOR A FEW GOOD 
SPERM. All races needed, Donors must 
be 20-38 years . Compensation $50 per 
acceptable donation. Call OPTIONS (800) 
886-9373.1.212-614) __ ---
Jewish American subjecls reimbursed 
tor interview. If you are a UCSD studenl, 
21-25, cail 552-8585 x4185 for more 

in form~i~' ( ;.:.1 /-,,12::..·.:.c6/..c.4L) _____ __ 
EGG DONORS NEEDED! Have you 
considered helping an infertile couple's 
dream come true? If you're 21-30 years 
and willing to help, please call OPTIONS 

MOTOROlA 
BRAVOPLlJS 
1 6-~ memory - Timestamp $3499 

The UCSD Guardian 

at (800) 886-9373. All races needed. 
Compensation $3,500. (3130-614) 

EGG DONORS 
WANTED 

If you are a healthy female 
between the ages of 19 and 30 

and have health Insurance. 
Com ..... utIon $3,500. 

Call Mirna Navas at 

(310) 829-8782 
for more info . 

Jewish American subiects reimbursed 
lor inlerview. If you are a UCSD studenl, 
21-25. call 552·8585 x4 185 for more 
information. (3130-6/4) 
Males and females pa id $30.00 for 
interview. If you are of Japanese, Korean, 
or Chinese descent call VA, 552-8585 
x2182. (3/30-614) __ 
Assist disabled man. Must drive, some 
cooking ,veg. possible live in. 4-5 hrs a 
day . Male, $650 +Room. Rud 456-6317. 
(4/23-27) 
Be a volunteer camp counselor at a one 
week camp lor kids with cancer. Have 
lun. Make a difference. (626) 450-0320. 
(4/23-5n) 

~~~~~~ 
~ WOMEN WHO ~ 
~ AREPRoUD ~ 
~ of thei ; heritage, you ~ 
; may be eligible to be an ; 

~ egg donor if you are ~ 
~ 21 -28 years , healthy; ~ 
~ responsible . ~ 
~ Call Stephanie , FFC ~ 
~ 619-581-1820 ~ 
~ GENEROUS ~ 

~ COMPENSATION ~ 
~ Asian dDnDrs needed ~ 

~~~~~~ 
EXTRA MONEY!!! SKIN BIOPSY lor 
Cystic Fibrosis Study. Wanted: Normal 
male volunteers to donate 4 skin plugs 
(back/shoulder) $75.00 compensation. 
Study site: UCSD Medical Center 
(Hillcrest). Call 543-6935 or email : 
hbyun @ucsd.edu. $75 lor your skinl (41 
27) 

All pnces Inc lude actlvatloo. 2 monlhS' free seMce; twO )'tars free VOICe mall, unlirMed paging, and 
Southern California, Phoenix and Lots VtglS co~age. Some lestrictions apply 

ACTlVAn: YOUR PRE'()WNED PAGER $389 Oncye" "'f1IlTI< p'~d, _ye.. $699 IncUcl<, 2months· S<M<c. _ye .. • frn: VOter: mall !rid fru tx:tNaoon rtcc \/OtCf: ffIIJI l m ffa ~lIttOO 
2 YEARS FREE VOICE MAil ON ANY ACTIVATION! 
.PA GE Jt#'E 
5~97-B Cllnmont Mew Blvd. (In Madison Square Shopping Center) 61 91i68-9898 

• MO.,:j" ttl"\.! fll c a l ~ O"~ 'I"P" I.:) ~ .. ,J c",· Sott.Jf :l'V l ' • .1 an'~ • p"" V,St· MUTe·Card . ,A ITtC'I: . r E,..,cu - OI '~~/e ' . 
"' ( IN ': 1011' :)",,('$ ,1"1 ( M ",~, J:: rnel'lt . o Oft,,, O:I')II't: 'Y lllQE! 

CLASSIFIEDS 17 

SERVICES want to improve your French? French tutoring and translation. CaM 619-794-
7851 . (4/16-517) 

Speedy Rese<lrch 
Aeporto: .. per pep. 0"'10,000 topic. ____ -.lei. lOt 

Plychotherlpy: Indlvldullandc:ouplet 
therapy, In a Iupportive and caring 
environment, to help you deal with 
Peraonal, FamUy .. SchoOl Preeau .... 
Relationship Issues, Depression, Loss, 
Anxiety, Pregnancy, Self Esteem, 
Motivation. Career Issues, etc. Laurie KoIt, 
Ph.D., Psychologist (LiclPSY8556), La 
Jolla 456-2005. (4127) 

_n:h .... _onl~1 
(11IIi-lh U ! .llywl ~ wJ Blvi.1 2nd 1I1)!1f', MM 2'1" 

Ul\ AI1l!ck:., _ CA ~.12M 11''''(1' MI Ifl .Fcu;~';~~dt S:= 111I m .,,1' m. 
VOoIIICI_E, 

C,II'1IdJ I I ·100-356-91\11 

Pallport photos, $5.95. C%r La..,. 
CopiH, 69 cents. CopiH, B&W, 3.5 
cents. Cal Copy, 452-9949 (wIlD). (4/2- PERSONALS 
614) 

To the chromosone-damaged whose 
personal statement 00 a bad career is to 
go to the workplace and take out a 
supervisor, random innocents, and then 
themselves (in that order): Start with 
yoursel'. (4127) 

Typing Service. 10 pages $25. 15 pages 
$30. Pick ups M,W,F; Will type in your 
olfice! Leave message at 3tO·581·9061 . 

Dear God: Why do you hang around with 
Reggie White so much, personally guiding 
his every inside rush? Can't.you just give 
him a new brain and then move 00 to 
someone really needy? (4/27) 
Here's what you do if you're a ~5 ~year old 
single woman with a part time job and a 
deep nurturing instinct: get a cat.(4/27) 
(411~6,-/4.!.) __ ______ _ 
April in Paris! Traveling to France or just 

Deadline extended to Friday, May 8th 
Aw_d.: Up to .2,000 

• Chancellor', R .... rch Scbola"hlD will give con sideration to 
proposals regardless of area of study. 

• Dayld Jay Gambee Memorial R .. earch ScholarshlD will give 
preference to those proposals which involve the student as an 
active citizen In university governance, the local community, or 
national and international affairs. Also receiving preference are 
projects which lead to a heightened awareness of the relationship 
between the environment and society. Service in the community 
through volunteer activities or participation in programs related to 
the Institute on Global Conflict and Cooperation are encouraged. 

• hvld Marc Belkin Memorial Research Scholarship will give 
preference to those proposals designed to pursue special studies 
and projects in the general areas of environmental and ecological 
issues. 

• Dori, A. Howell foundation Research Scholarship will give 
consideration to proposals designed to improve the physical, 
mental , spiritual and behavioral health . and/ or well·being of 
women. Proposals may encompass all areas related to women 's 
health including biologic, medical. cultural, economic, behavioral , 
psycho-social, or cross-cultural influences. The Howell Foundation 
for Research in Women 's Health is a not·for·profit spin-off of 
Soroptimist International of La Jo lla. 

• Silicon Graphlcs/Cray Research Scholarship will give 
consideration to proposals regardless of area of study. Recipients 
must be U.S. citizens . 

Pick u, an application fr_ tIIa UCID Icllolar ... l, Offlca, lulldlll, 
201, University Calltar or pltona (11.)SI4oUI3 for Jllfor.atlon. 

1~~~hJ !t~~~~~ 
BUY a SE~. ! RADE -

~n~ 0' 0 I 
HIGH QJimVI AGE & 

HIP NEWER STILES 
J~ ~nglasses, silver 

jewelry, blow up 
furniture ... 

6903 La Jolla Blvd 
(at Nautilus) 

551-7057 
open 7 days 

$10 PER HOUR 
GUARANTEED + BONUSES 

... FLEXIBLE HOURS 

... FEW BLOCKS FROM CAMPUS 

... PART-TIME HOURS/FULL TIME PAY 

... CASUAL WORKING ATMOSTPHERE 



18 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian Monday, April 27, 1998 

Tritons' Playoff Dreams Dashed By Davis 
BROKEN: UCSD, an established water polo powerhouse, saw its string of 13 consecutive appearances in the Collegiate National 
Tournament Championships snapped in a brawl against its rivals from UC Davis, 2-1, in the Western Qualification Tournament 
By Jonah Nisenson 
Co·Associate Sports Editor 

Life sucks. 
This was the overwhelming ~en ­

timent of thc dejcctcd and demoral -
ized UCSD women 's 
water polo team, stem-
ming from its failure to 
qualify for the Collegiate 
National Championship 
Tournament for the first 
time in 13 years. 

The Tritons ' ~treak was 
ended last weekend at the 
1998 Women's Water Polo 
Western Rcgionals held at Stan ford 
Universi ty. 

UCSD, a fi vc- time national 
champion, lost to Davis in a game 
that, if low scoring, cou ld only he 
ca lled a thriller. Ironica lly, it was a 
nati ve San Diegan of thc Aggies 
who put the stake th rough the Tri-
tons' heart . 

more Alice Comfort scored a goal 
to tie the game in thc third quartcr. 
UCSD's lone goa l came from 
freshman Sandra Lopez just 1:47 
into the game. 

The top seven teams in 
Western Regionals 
advanced to the Collegiate 
National Championship 
Tournament. 

A win over Davis 
would have pilled UCSD 
in the seven th-place game 
against UC Santa Barbara 
and in a position to wnti n-

ue its streak. 
The loss to Davis, however, put 

UCSD out of contention for a 14th 
strai ght hid to the Nationa ltourna-
mcnt. 

. II was late in the fourth quarter 
when senior Jamic Koell scored thc 
winning goal, pushing UC Davis to 
a 2-1 victory. 

Teams from the West Reg ion, 
the strongest in the nation, that will 
be goi ng to Nationals on May 8- 10 
include UCLA, Stanford, UC 
Berkeley, University of Hawaii, 
San Diego State and USc. 

There, they will join two teams 
from th\! Midwest Region and three 
tcams from the East Region. 

Monika Kobytecka/Guardian 
Pr ..... r.: Sophomore Dara Burch shields herself from two charging defenders - but UCSD couldn't 
shield itself from its rivals this year as the Tritons missed the postseason for the first time in 13 years . 

Led hy sophomore Sercla Junior Alicc Huszcz and fr~h- strong with a 7-6 win over the Uni-
With thc game knoll cd at I - I in 

thc fourth quarter, Koell put somc 
mustard on a shot with 1:21 
remaining in the match to sink the 
Tritons ' hopes of a return to 

On Friday, in their first game of 
the tournament , the Tritons faced 
No. I-ranked UCLA. The Bruins' 
talented group handled UCSD in 
convin~ing fashion wilh a 13-2 vic-
torv. 

Mansur, who tallied 4 goals on the man Hilary Smi lh accounted for versity of Washington to send the 
day, the Bruins huilt a 6-0 lead by the Tritons' 2 goa ls on the day, both Tritons 10 the ninth-place game 
halftime and put it on ~rui se control coming in the third period. Goalie against the University of the Pacif-
from there. UCLA proved why it Maryam Hadiashar had 2 saves in I~ . 

Nationals. ' 
remains the Iwo-time defending the game. As of press time however, the 
National Champion and is making On Saturday, after UCSD's loss results of this match were still not 

That camc after Davis sooho- a run at a·third . to Davis , the Tritons came hack in. 

Overseas Auto BOO88 Mi,ama, Rd. 15 

* I 1%""1'" Q ji1IIII 
Ml rlmlr Rd . 

SERVING UCSD FOR 17 YEARS ••• 
1 .... II .. II .... II .. II .. ~d 

- •.. bcll/ent "f,,,ncBS from satisf;1I/ custom,rs! 

I Minor Tune Up SpeCial _. 
lour tune up includes a lot more 

I than others. n Includes: Reg. 555 II. Install fronl pads or rear shoes 1111 I. NEW Sparlt plugs 7. Check brakes I 2. Drain old brake lIuid 
I 2, Ched( Distributor points 8. Ched( clutch I 13.lnspec, hydiaulic syslem • I 3. Ched( Distributor 9. Check lights 4. Refill hydraulic lIuid : • , , 
I condeosOf to. Check undercarnage I 15. Bleed blake syslem • I 4. Adiust timing fOf damage 6. Adjust Irontlif shoes) and leal shoes 
I 5. Check and ,eplenish 11 . Check cooling syslem I 17. Road test .J alliloid and oillevets & hoses ... - - - - - - - -
L!A==a:! _ .!=:. _..J FREE TOWING n - - :-- - -.- - - -=- - with major repairs · 10-mi, r.dius 35-polnt Major Service ~ - - - , :E~P,!f~~~~led ca, •. Ou, malo, .. ,vice Includ •• : Reg, 5150 I ~ChOil I 

I. New sparl.pIugs 12 . .lqlU\dWoUangie 24. Lubtlrorund I ange I 
I 2 New.lf I... 11.1qu~ "~"10< 2S.Check lor 100$0 nut. & boll. I & 3. Ne. oj liler 14 .lqus",~ .. tuel 'al~ ,,;,1\Jr, 26. Check 11JIl1. I . 
I 4.ChangeenQll1toil IS Ch,ekltte""9 27. Checkurdetcarnagelordamag. I 20·polnt I 5. New tuell~e' 16. ChecII clutch 28. Check and ,echarge b.n.~ [' _ ~ 1 6 . Chec~lfslr/)llfort>O<il 17 . .lquMclulch 29. RoIiI.lr." ,_ II Safety Check I 7. CheckrMtlbutor'OIIdensor 18.Checkbr.ku JO. Checktrtl1<essu,e S· I 1 8. ~SSf(J1te~ 19.AiltUStbr.~.. 31 . llbecl>or IW19'" I pecla I 9. v.~. aqustmenl . ...... 1 20 AIfIuIt -9"ncv brake 32. Check alll\QIders I 

10. New .. ~e ""' .. g'lIke! 21. Check & ,.pIon"" 01l1.l<I leYoI. 33. Check cooing ·YSI.m & hoses I Ii ilJl I ,.-_ I 22. Check and adju~ !J!lOIe<f bel. 34. Check "'.u.t sY'lem I ",.' I1 . A~uSI umrng 21 Check.led,caltuses 35. RGiOI'" e 
1 Nol.: ElI1r. 10< kyllnder, "cylinder, .nd pIotlnum plup. ..J U-

~------------­r:------~r:-----CompleteClutch Job " Timing Belt 11. New pressure plate 4. New Pilol Bea,ing IS· I 
2. Ne'l Clutch D,sk 5. Change Iransmission oil I'" pecla $79* 13. New Th,owout bearing 6.Aoad tesl 1 ... - - - - -

I.;NaI.: Hydroutlc perl .... not , ... rod. HoI'", two.,,,,,,, W'e do. extended warranty --...... ..J 
- - - - - - - - 15, 30, 45, 60, 75, & 90K service 

·Mo.t cera. WIth this ad . Expi,e. 5/11198. 
Brend new pam. A.k 
about our epeel.,. on 
.... Ir". • . All our work h •• 
I 2·yeer or 20,OOO-m'Ie 
limited w.rr.nty. All pric •• 
Inc'ude p.rt •• nd t.bor. 

10% OFf LABOR 
for UeSD stU~!!~~I: 

8008-8 Miramar Road. _ ......... _---.:..C8;;;,;1:,:..1 ..:.:fo:.:.r..:8:.:.:n;,...:8::.!p:J:po:..::.:..:.ln.:.:.tm:.:.:.::e.:.:;nt:..:n~o:.:w:.:.:l~ 
Rental car available. 

Monday-Friday, 7:30 am-6 pm. 
Open Saturday 695-1990 

~ lJ/tfI/tfliJ tirPRE.f.fftB 
C." •••• ' W.rll Curell." 

~~~8n1Wer 
Merry Munching UCSD! 

Dining Express is fantabulous! What other 
restaurant comes right to you? That's right, Dining 
Express makes stops all over campus to bring 
you piping hot breakfasts and lunches, made-
to-order sandwiches and burgers, salads, 

snacks, and beverages! Pierre tells me he loves the daily 
specials, especially the barbeque chicken w ith potatoes au 
gratin, steamed broccoli and a fresh-baked biscuit! I go to 
Dining Express for the campus-famous breakfast burritos , 
made with scrambled eggs, refried beans, tons 0 ' cheddar 
cheese, salsa, and ham, bacon, or sausage! My other favorite 
is the Gardenburger@with lettuce, tomatoes, and 
cheese with a side of onion rings! And Dining 
Express is always loaped with quick bites, for 
those of you running late to class or work, like 
jello, prewrapped sandwiches, cobb salads, muffins, bagels, 
scones, chips, cottage cheese, sourdough breakfast 
sandwiches, and bunches more! With stops all over campus 
and the fabulously friendly staff, you can't miss 

.. _---. 

with Dining Express! 

Love, 
g ,t:etclzen 

, I 
• r • ~ ~ ,.. . , I 

, I 
. , I 

........ - - .. - - - .. -... - - - - .... - - - ... 

Monday, April 27, 1998 The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 19 

Going To Virginia 
RESERVATIONS: UCSD ensured itself a berth in the NCAA 
Division III Championships with a win over Pomona-Pitzer 
By Sean Rahlml 
Senior Staff Writer 

At first glance, Kirsten Olsen seems like 
a typical freshman at UCSD. She takes 
requi red classes, eats at the Price Center and 
writes every eheck to the UC 
Regents just like eve ry other stu-
dent. 

When you take inlo a~count her 
ab ilities as a tennis player, howev-
er, not many freshman can match 
her accomplish ments in 1998. 

The Torrey Pines High alumna 
has exce lled as UCSD's No. I sin-
gles player and has helped the Tri-
tons qualify for Nationals. 

"There was a lillie pressure on me carly 
on, but it wasn't bad," Olsen said. "I felt 
confident every time out on the court . It 's a 
lillie hard because you have road games, and 
it takes up a lot of your time, but I wouldn'l 
gi ve up tennis." 

Olsen and company solidified a spot in 
the upcomi ng NCAA Division III National 
Championships in Virginia las\ week with a 
victory over Pomona-Pitzer before falling to 
Claremont Saturday afternoon. 

Olsen, of course, led the way in the si n-
gles competition by defeating both of her 
opponents and maintaining her perfect sin-
gles record against Division III opponents 
thi s seas~>o. 

Olsen wi ll most likely be seeded No. I 
when Head Coach Liz LaPlante's squad 
leaves for Virginia thi s Sund ay. 

"Kirsten could do real well in the indi-
vidual portion of the Championships," 
LaPlante said, "Coming in as a freshman no 
one kncw ahout her, but she has beaten 
every Di vision III opponent and she's play-

ing great." 
In the Pomona match, UCSD trailed 2-1 

after the doubles portion and needed to grab 
four of six si ngles matches to garner a win. 
LaPlante's squad did more than that, win-

ning five - led by Olsen and 
Maria Nguyen. 

Nguyen, playing at the No. 2 
singles slot and teaming up with 
Olsen at No. I doubles, has also 
been play ing well. Her individual 
overall record of 13-4 with one loss 
to a Division III opponent is even 
beller than Olsen's 11 -6 mark . 

UCSD trave led 10 Claremont 
Saturday hoping for another victory. 

Claremont, however, was not a gracious 
host and it grabbed two of three doubles 
contests and prevailed in four of the six sin-
gles matches. 

Jennifer Drimmer and Kelli Tsai came 
back from a 7-4 defici t to grab a 9-8 victory 
at the No. 3 slot, but the No. I and No. 2 Tri -
ton tandems did not fare as well - losing 8-
5 and 8-6 respecti vely. 

Olsen and Nguyen conlinued their hot 
streak in singles with convincing wins, but 
Claremo nt nOlched victories at the No. 3 
through No.6 singles slots. 

"We didn 'l play poorly," LaPlante said. 
"The Pomona match was the real important 
one for us. If we hadn ' t won that one, we 
might not be goi ng to Nationals. Only 14 
teams get to the postseason. We ' re not go ing 
to be one of the four seeded teams, but hope-
fully we' ll get a good draw." 

The Tritons travel to Point Loma 
Nazarene College tomorrow for one linal 
tune-up before Nationals. 

(/ /hlld tliil CII/lt'III"1I1 tit llit' iI\ \tlt Itllt't/ \/Ild"111\ 

Tritons Get Taught 
LEARNING EXPERIENCE: UCSD faced off against 
Division J rival USD and found itself ovennatched in a loss 
By Bill Bureer 
Staff Writer 

UCSD Head Coach Brian Turner knew 
that his team was going to have a hard time 
against the Universi ty of San Diego. Aftcr 
all, it is a fully-funded Division I 
sport s program and UCSD, well, is 
not. 

Unfortunately, thi s turned out to 
be quite an understatement as the 
Tritons failed to capture a set 
agai nst the Toreros' dominant 
squad Tuesday. 

The Tritons have had trouble 
wi nning the doubles point all sea-
son long. 

Thus, it was not a surprise when UCSD 
lost Ihe doubles point on Tuesday. Most dis-
appointing was the fac t that none of the sets 
were close and that the Tri tons really failed 
to battle. 

At No. I doubles, Steve Shabel and Emi l 
Mihet found themselves overmatched for 
the first time si nce the match against UC 
Santa Cruz. 

Shahel and Mihet werc sc rambling 
th roughout to find a rhythm and get back 
into the match, but it never happened. Their 
1-8 loss was the duo' s worst defeat of the 
season. 

The tandem of Ken Li u and Dan 
Albrecht played the most competiti ve dou-
hies set of the day, hut eventuall y fell at No. 
2 doubles, 4-8. 

Mike Rosell and Anthony Melicharek 
played at No. 3 doubles but were also 
defeated by a score of 3-8. 

Si ngles was easi ly the highlight of the 
match. 

Despite the fact that the Tritons were 

unable to win any singles matches, many of 
-the matchups were hard-fought ballies and 
quite competiti ve. 

Shabel fought throughout hi s malch but 
was unable to come out on top. He 10 t a 

heartbreaking fi rst set at No. I sin-
gles in a tie-break, 6-7, and fe ll in 
the second set, 4-6. 

Mihet also put up a good fight at 
No. 2 singles but eventually lost, 3-
6,5-7. ' 

No. 3 si ngles was not as com-
petitive, as Ken Liu had a difficult 
time the entire match before even-
tually losing, 2-6, 0-6. . 

Melieharek, playing at No. 4 singles, 
played solidly but simply didn't have 
enough in the end as he suffered a; 5-7, 3-6 
loss. 

Rosell also continued hi s solid play of 
late but came up just shon at No. 5 singles, 
3-6, 6-7. Albrecht had a difficult time at No. 
6 si ngles and fcll quickly to his opponent, 1-
6,2-6. 

"[t's hard to beat a full scholarship team 
in, San Diego," Head Coach Brian Turner 
said . ·'Actually, it has never happened." , 

This loss drops the Tritons' record to 6-8 
on the season. 

UCSD's final match of the year before 
the Regional Tournament is today against 
the cross- town ri val Crusaders of Point 
Loma Nazarene College. 

The match wi ll be hcld at UCSD's North 
Cou rts at 2 p.m. today and is the Tritons' 
lirst hOlTle match in over a monlh. 

This will hopefully give the Tritons some 
much needed momentum heading inln 
Regionals and a rematch with the tough 
squad from UC Santa Cruz. 

A.S. Authori zed Propaganda is produced each Monday by the Associated Students, UCSD. Student Organizations 
are encouraged to advertise in th is by filling out the form located outside the A.S. Secretary's office on th~ 3rd floor 01 
the Price Center or e-mail us (subject: Synergy): asucsd@ucsd.edu. Submissions are due each Wednesday at noon 
for the next Monda 's issue. 

534-4450 
btt :lIasucsd.ucsd.edu 

Showtime at the Stage· Urban Style 
Enter to be part of this talent show which will 
combine the hip-hop, R&B, soul, jazz, and com-
edy talent of the UCSD community. First Prize is 
$300, and the runner up gets $100. Entry 
forms are available at SOLO, EDNA, TMC Dean's 
officer and the Cross Cultural Center and are due 
by April 28th. Call .534-0496 for info. 

Ballroom Dance 
April 27th 7 - 1 OPM TONIGHT!" 
Don't miss out on a night of hot and steamy 
nightclub dances! Come join the fun in the Price 
Center Ballroom B. Its free and no experience is 
needed. Bring a partner if you want, but if you 
can't we will hook you up. Call 824-0637 for info. 

Hands On San Diego '98 
Join your fellow UCSD Students in volunteering 
for a one day community service project. On 
Saturday May 2nd, from 8:30am-3:00pm. If in-
terested please call Valerie at 534- 1414 

All Ages @ the Stage 
Saturday May 2nd 8pm 

INCH 
FURIDUSIV 

THE99s 

Saturday May 9th 9pm 

The Young 
Dubliners 
Serahtonic 

-



20 SPORTS 

Mit' or., dec",. ,. do 
• booIr, "" ..."", 
,., tile "". - The 

..... w.r. &.o.docI ... 
1ow..1.~ 

The 
Coach 
Travis Hili 
News Hash: Coach 
Can't Play Soccer 

I am the most worthless man 
on the planet. I am filthy. I am 
ahsolutely disgusting. And you 
know what else? I am also one 
of the wor~ soccer players to 
have ever graced the fi eld . 

I know I am famou s for my 
ability to mope it up, but arter 
thi s weekend 's 3-on-3 soccer 
tournament at Miramar College, 
I truly believe that I am the epit-
ome of sucking. 

I mean, you know you have 
problems when the kids in the 

nder- II age bral:ket arc whis-
pering that they hope they gel 10 
play against "Ihal fat guy." 

- Jim Fregosl 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, April 27, 1998 

Lei me fill . everyone in on 
how thi s whole di saster hap-
pened. There is an big 3-on-3 
SOl:l:er tournament down here, 
and it is nalionally sponsored, 
meaning thai there arc regional 
and national brackels. This is a 

se riou~ endeavor, with paid ref-
erees, lined 30-by -40- yard 
fi elds and 4-hy-8-fool goa ls. 
Not something to take lightl y. 

Dave Lubitz/ Guardian 
Contact: Junior second baseman Kennith Fluharty looks to slap another hit - the Tritons will need all of them for their playoff run. 

So a shorter friend or mine. 
who shall remain nameless due 
10 legal w ncerns (He is a dark-
haired hippie- freak who used 10 
work at the Grove ... ), and his 
IwO stoner friends from Slate 
decided 10 ca ll me to play wi lh 
Ihelll in thi s thing. ME'! 

Apparently they saw the 
Coal:h playing in Intramurals 
and remembered me. Bul Ihe 
problem was that there must 
have been someone else who 
was good out there and was fat , 
slow and halding (Thanks, 1-12) 
and they got us mixed up. 

Anyway, we decided that 
we'd give this thing a shot. 

Unfortunately, my team-
mates and I must have heen in 
an altered state of mind when 
this decision was made. 

Hence our team name -
Drugs. That's it. We were Team 
Drugs and we sure played like 
we were' believers in our name. 

We had four games on Satur-
day. None of us drank the night 
before, and again, we still 
thought we were decent players, 
so we figured we had a chance. 

Then we got there. 
The field was a madhouse, 

full of soccer fanatics . Teams 
had jerseys, private cheering 
sections and had actually prac-
ticed together. Hell, there were a 
ton of people who came from 
L.A. \lnd further because this 
was so important to them. 

Then there was Team Drugs. 
We had to steal tape from the 
damn tournament trainer's table · 
to put on our Chuck E. Cheese 
prize-winning shin guards. We 
kind of stretched before the 
game. We kind of talked about 
strategy: 

"You go up the field, and 
See DRUGS, Page 15 

Tritons Mulch the Oaks of Menlo 
TAKE TWO: UCSD traveled north for its annual battles with hapless Menlo College and rebounded 
from a tough Wedne.day loss to La Verne, easily taking both game in a football fashion, 14-7 and 10-0 
By John Maynard 
Staff Writer 

Atherton, alifornia may he 500 
miles from La 10lla, hUI 
for the Trilons, it's like a 
home away from home. 

While UCSD has had 
its trouhles on the road 
this season, thi s week-
end 's trip seemed routine: 
the Tritons ' play was as if 
they were at home -
complete domination. 

In thei r two-game series against 
Menlo ollege, the Tritons embar-
rassed the lowly Oaks twice, 14-7 
and 10-0. 

In Saturday 'S game, UCSD 
came out big in the lOp of the first, 
scori ng 3 times. 

However, Menlo didn ' t fold 
immediately as the Oaks recipro-
cated with 3 runs of their own. 

But despite Triton starter 10hn 
Gherini 's slow start, the left-hander 
regrouped in the bottom of the sec-
ond and shut out the Oaks through 
the next six innings. 

While the Oaks were shooting 
blanks at the plate, the Tritons had 
some wood of their own. 

UCSD brought in a pair of runs 
in the third and doubled that total 

with 4 more runs in the top of Ihe 
fourth inning. 

After another run in the lirth , 
the Tritons were t:ornfOrl -
ahly ahead, 10-3, and 
cruis ing into the lOp of the 
seventh. 

Showcasing hi s heavy 
bat Saturday was first 
haseman Eric Pangelinan, 
whose 2 hilS brought in 
three Tritons. 

In the seventh , the Tri-
Ion hats stayed strong, as the boys 
hrought two more men across the 
plate, lengthening their lead to 12-
3. Facing Gherini 's arm, the Oaks 
were limp and were unable to 
score. 

Although Gherini ran out of 
steam in the bottom of the eighth, 
and Menlo was able to score four 
limes, it was too little too late as the 
Tritons closed out the game with a 
solid 14-7 win. 

But the weekend was far from 
over for UCSD. 

While some of the Tritons had a 
tong night in their home away from 
home, the Northern California 
nightlife was not enough to prevent 
UCSD from keeping its momentum 
going strong on the field Sunday 

The Week Ahead ••• 
Golf Men's Tennis 
Today at J p.m., the Today at the North 
Tritons will play the San Courts at 2 p.m. the 
Diego Golf Academy at Tritons will take on 
the beautiful Torrey cross-town rivaL Point 
Pines Golf C~~ Loma Nazarene 

morning. 
Apparently, a 14-7 viclory was 

nOI good enough for thi s motivated 
hunch . The Tri tons decided 10 
oUldo themselves wi lh an even 
mon: impressive 10-0 shutout vic-
tory. 

Making hi s first start in over a 
month due to a broken wrist, Theo 
Rohins pitched in seasoned form. 
The right-hander had an outstand-
ing day, go ing for five-and-a-third 
innings and scattering only 6 harm-
less hits. 

Of course, pitching behind a 7-
run lead after two innings certainly 
helped out the Triton starler. 

Getting it done at the plate were 
third baseman Ryan Hill - who 
had 3 hilS and an RBI on Sunday-
and short ' top Mark Mason, who 
aided Robins ' win with 3 RBis on 3 
hits. 

These performances were not 
surpri sing as Hill and Mason also 
had sensational days at the plate on 
Saturday in combining for 4 RBIs 
on 7 hits. 

Arter their 6-run second inning, 
the Tritons continued to chip away 
at the Oaks' morale, scoring a run 
in both the third and fourth innings 
to lengthen their lead to 9 runs. 

Softball 
This Saturday, the 
Tritons will battle 
Chapman at noon in 
their final home contest 
of the reguLar se.lJ.fQn 

From that point , there was noth-
.ing left for the Oaks to do as the 
Trito!1 bullpen took over. 

Pitchers Yeshayah Goldfarb, 
Michael Bedar and Eddie Ishak 
each burned hapless the Oak hit-
ters, preserving the shutout victory 
for Rohins. 

UCSD scored once more in the 
top of the ninth to round out the 
victory at 10-0. With this latesl 
win, Head Coach Dan O' Brien's 
squad rolls to three games over 
.500 for the season at 17-14. 

However, thi s record is a poor 
representation of UCSO's play of 
late. In their past 12 garnes, the 
men are on fire with 10 wins and 
only two losses. In Ihis streak, the 
Tritons arc 7-1 at home. 

This news i promising. as Ihe 
Tritons have a huge upcoming 
weekend at home when they will 
host the annual UC San Diego Tri-
ton Classic - a Division III tour-
nament including participating 
teams from Chapman, La Verne 
and Menlo. 

The Tritons have their chance to 
keep rolling as they are scheduled 
to play only four more games, the 
last four games until the postseason 
rolls around. 

Women's Tennis 
Tomorrow at 2 p.m., the 
Tritons travel across 
town to Point Lorna for 
a hoLy war with the 
Crusaders . ' " 1\ 


