
• nem Cancels 
Appearance at UCD 
DAVIS - Renowned femi-
nist Gloria Steinem canceled 
her scheduled appearance last 
Thursday at UC Davis with 
little notice and no official 
reason. According to 
Recreation Hall Facilities 
Manager Jim Rodems, over 
400 people had purchased 
tickets for her lecture as or 
last Tuesday night , with up to 
600 an ticipated to attend the 
event. The Sacramento Bee 
informed ASU 0 Student 
Forums, which planned the 
event , that the cancellation 
was due to the ract that 
Steinem was having a root 
canal. Student Forum ' 
Director of Promoti ons 
Bryan Slater said the A. 
will prohably lose money 
hecause of the cam;ell ati on. 

- The Calij{Jrnia AElElie 

Affirmative-Action 
Proposition Put Off 
BERKELEY- tudents for 
Ed ucational Opportunity. a 
student group, has announced 
that it wi ll not place its initia-
tive to reinstate affirmati ve 
action on the Novemher 1l)l)H 
general-electIon hallot 
hccause 11 cannot collect 
cnough signature~ in tll11e. 
The stateWIde organi/ation, 
which wa~ started by a group 
of Boalt Hall law students, 
would have needed to collect 
680.000 ),ignatures hy April 
17 to put the Equal 
Opportunity Initi ative on the 
ballot. The group sa id It wi ll 
instead work to put the initia-
tive on the June 2000 ballot 
because its members have 
co llected only 200,000 signa-
tures so far. 

- The Daily Califomiall 

Stanford Ponders 
Policy Change 
PALO ALTO, Ca li f. - The 
Stanford Law School may 
have to change its long-
standing po licy against 
all owing the military to 
recruit its students. The poli -
cy was origina ll y enac ted 
hecause school admi ni stra-
tors feared that the Armed 
Forces' "don' t ask, don ' t tell " 
stance on gay and lesb ian 
personnel is in violati on of 

tanford's nondiscriminati on 
policy. However, a de ision 
will soon have to be made 
because recent legislation 
places student -linancial aid at 
risk if the school docs not 
accommodate the mil i tary. 
The military has not recruited 
at the law school in recent 
years, but it expressed an 
interest last rail in interview-
ing students ror its Judge 
Advocate General 's corps. 

- The Slanford Daily 

pokn • 
"I'm very excited 
[when] looking 
forward to the next 
year; and I think we 
will be able to get a lot 
accomplished. " 

- Joe L .. enth8I 
A.S. President-elect 

, H 

UC SAN DIEGO 

E 

Winners? 
Guardian editors 
evaluate the recent 
A.S. elections. 

Opinion, page 4 

Masters 
Golf prepares for 
nationals with two 
recent victories_ 

Sports, page 20 

~ ('I 
'-' 

.... 

'" ;.. 
.c 

~ 
« ;,... 
>,"0 
.... C 
.- "" 

VOLUM E 94 ~VlVl ~ c ,A MONDAY, APRIL 13, 1998 

L-IOE KNOWS 

'STUDENTS FIRST!' ALSO 
EMERG ES VICTORIOUS As 
IT CAPTURES 1 5 OUT OF' 
23 COUNCIL POSITIO NS , 
INCLUDING 7 OUT OF THE 
9 EXECUTIVE OFFICES. 
By Erika Snider 
Staff Writer 

Although independent pre~identjall:andjdate 10e Leventhal 
handily beat Te~h Kh ullar of the "Millennium" slate and ArlO 
Mansury of Jhe "Stud ' nt s First!" slate, Leventhal wi ll lead a 
council dominated by members of "Students First!" 

c .... r-
::J~o 

Usa Huff/ Guardl8n 
Win: Newly elected A.S. President Joe Leventhal celebrates his win with 
Marshall Junior Mike Georgino and Revelle Junior Gwendolyn Shores. . 

Leventhal captured an overwhelming vil:tory. receiving 47.9 
percent of the 2.8 9 votes for president. "Students First!" l:an-
didates took 15 of the 22 remaining offices. 

Because Leventhal 's victory marked the first time in recent 
hi story that an independent presidential candidate has won, all 
sides involved offered differing reactions to the result s. 

"My goal was to work with a diverse group of people, so I 
wou ld have been very happy to work with a very even-split 
A.S. council , with half positions from 'Students First! ' and half 
from ' Mi lI ennium, '" Pres ident-e lcct Leventhal said. "But 
regardless of the out(;0 l11e, (' III very excited Iwhen Jlook i ng for-
ward to the next yea r, and I think we will be able to get a lot 
accomplished. " 

"Students First!" pres idential l:andidate Ar/.o Mansury, who 
received 30 percent of the vote, shared Leventhal \ positi ve 
sentiment about the electi ons. 

''I'm obviously very thrilled with the results that 'Students 
First!' did wi n a lot of position~. I honestly can never say I' ve been 
more happy," Mansury said. "Anyone who was close to me during 
the election knows that one of my main goals during the elections 
was to save Ithe external affairs office! hecau e, obviously, I'm 
v.P. extemal now, so, I have a vested interest in making sure that 
position carries on certain positions and certain goals. 

Usa Huff/Guardian 
SWeep: (from left) Kasey Crawford, Michael Ling, Jennifer Lee and 
Clifford Lee rejoice as they learn .. Students First! " won most positions. 

Vice Pres ident External-elect Kirk Matsuzaki echoed 
Mansury 's hope about the office. 

See ELECTIONS, Page 7 

UCSD and SDSU Students Attacked, Robbed at Cliffs 
CRIME: Five men tole 
a watch, wallet and 
jacket from the students 
By Leena Shankar 
Associate News Editor 

A UCSD student and his friend 
rrom San Diego State University 
were a\laeked on the gra y knoll . 
betler known as "the cliff ," around 
10:30 p.m. on April 5. Five men 
punched and kicked them before 
'making off witli a watch, wallet and 
jacket. 

UCSD Police Detective Nate 
Floyd said that the victims were 
able to give on ly a sketchy descrip-
tion of their attackers. 

"They weren ' t able to give a 
great description, but they did sec 
that they were five Hispanic males 
in their 20s," Floyd said. 

Floyd said the attack eemed 
unwarranted. 

"According to the victims, they 
were just looking at the scenery ... 
their allackers were not pro-
voked." 

No weapon were used and the 

·two students did not seck medical 
allention . 

Despite the. lack of a concrete 
description, Floyd said the police 
department will launch a thorough 
investigation in hopes of finding 
the suspects. 

"Based on what we have, we 
don 't have much to go on but we 
will pursue the case vigorously," 
Floyd said. -. 

Floyd also added that the 
names of the victim will not be 
released for reason of safety and 
confidentiality during the investi -

gation. 
Though thi s a\lack took place 

at the cliffs, whi h arc part of the 
U SO campus, Floyd said he docs 
not feel the area i necessaril y 
dangerous. 

"The grassy knoll is not partic-
ularly unsafe ... it is a fairly quiet 
area which hasn ' t been a trouble 
pot in the past," Floyd said. 

Floyd asked anyone with 
information about the allack to 
please contact him at the UCSD 

. Police Department at (619) 534-
4359. 



2 NEWS 

Diversity Group 
Evaluates UCSD 
CONSIDER: The Chancellor's Commission on 
Diversity released its recommendations last week. 
By Ryan Olson 
Co-News Editor 

The Chancellor 's Commission 
on Diversity released its report to 
the public last week, addressing . 
several areas in which the universi -
ty can improve in the fields of out -
reach and recruitment . retention 
and campus climate, and adminis-
tration. 

In order to promote campus 

grams such as the Cross Cullural 
Center and the Women's Center, 
and the creation of a Center for 
Lesbian. Gay, Bisexual and 
Transgender Issues. 

The committee's report also 
calls for the full implementation of 
the Cross Cullural Center's draft 
two-to-five-year action plan. 

Sham said that promoting diver-
sity was an important element in 

outreach. 
" All sc hool-

chi ldren in 

diversity. the com-
mission recom-
mended in(;reasing 
funding to the 
Offi(;e of Academi(; 
Support and 
In s tru diona l 
Servi ces 
(O.A.S.1.S.) and the 
creation of a Ccnter 
for Lesbian, Gay, 
Bisexual and 
Transgender Issues. 

" Diversity is the 
goal that all seg-
ments of the popu-
lalion should have 
the opportunity to 
come to the univer-
sity," Commission 
Chair Lu Sham 

"Diversity Is the 
goal that all 
segments of the 
population 
should have the 
opportunity to 
come to the 

Ca li fornia shou ld 
feel that they have 
a chance to come 
to the Universi ty 
of California ." 
Sham said. "They 
should have a 
chance to strive for 
it and that is very 
important." 

In the field of 
student outreach. 
the commission 
recommendcd that 
administrators per-
form a systcmatic 
review of existing 

program~ and 
increase financial 
aid to make thc 

said. "From the university." 
uni versi ty's point _ Lu Sham 
of view, the bigger campus Diversity Commission Chair more 
the pool of appli- allractive to mem-
cants, the l'lCtter lhe quality of lhe bers of underrepresented ra(;ial -
universi ty will bcL:Ume." 

The commission reported that 
the ca mpus needs to promote 
efforts to in(;rease diversi ty at 
UCSD. 

"Our rccommendalion~ focus 
on policies to promote heller coor-
dination and more erticient imple-
mentation of ex isting resources, 
augmentation and ex tension of cur-
rently su(;cessful effort s. and iden-
tification of new initialives needed 
to Ikerpl us wmpc titi ve with (;0 111 -
parahle institutions," the (;onlmit -
h:e stated in its report. 

The commillee addressed many 
different groups, including under-
represented ra(;ia l minoritie~, peo-
pIc with disabilitics and lesbian, 
gay. bisexual and transgcnder peo-
ple at the student . faculty and stall 
levels. 

The commission recommended 
systematic reviews of all existing 
outreach and retention programs. 

The w mll1illee praised the per-
fonnan(;c of O.A .S.LS.. thc 
Women's enter and the Cross 
Cultural Center in promoting diver-
sityat CSD. 

However. the committee also 
recommended increasing penna-
nent funding levels for O.A .S.LS ., 
addi tional support for existing pro-

minority groups. 
Other outreach recommend;! -

tions indude in(;reased funding to 
the early academic outreach pro-
gram and enhanced l inks to K - 12 
Sd1001s. 

The (;Ommis~ion ca lled for the 
di sso lution of the Chan(;e ll or 's 
Affirmative Action Advisory 
Commillee, to he replaced by a 
chief di versity offi cer and a 
Council ror Equal Opportunity and 
Diversi ty to admini ster the cam-

pu~' divcrsity effort s, 
The (;hicf diversity offi(;cr 

would be responsi hle for the 
administration of resources in 
diversity arcas. The diversity coun-
cil , which would be composed of 
students, staff and facult y, would 
channel input from the campus 
community to administrators. 

The 19-mcmber Chan(;c llor's 
Affirmative Action Adv isory 
Commillee, compri~ed of students, 
staff and faculty. wa~ formed last 
year by Chancellur Robert Dynes 
to develop n:colillnendations on 

CSD policies regarding allinna-
tive action and diversi ty. 

A copy of the Chan(;e llor 's 
ommiss ion on Diversi ty's repon 

is located on th e Internet at 
1IIIp:l/OIplre" .\·.II('.I'lI. edllidi ve r.\· i I)'. 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, April 13, 1998 

ETCETERA~ .. 
I.. \F£ '''' J.(~~,-

,.,...---.... 

BRIEFLY ••• 

'The Full Monty' Airs Tonight 
The International Affairs Group will host a screen· 

ing of "The Full Monty" today at 7:45 p.m. in the 
Pepper Canyon Lodge at Roosevelt College. There will 
be refreshments served. starting at 7:30 p.m. 

"The Full Monty" is a British comedy about a group 
of unemployed steelworkers who become inspired at 
a Chippendale night club and decide to create a show 
of their own . The movie will be introduced by Pepper 
Canyon Assistant Resident Dean Craig Stevenson 
who is British. 

The event is sponsored by the Associated 
Students and several other campus groups. For more 
information, call 534-2261. 

New Campus Phone Number 
Established for Emergencies 

A new toll·free phone number (888-308-UCSD) has 
recently been established to provide information on 
the status of UCSD following a major emergency or 
campus closure. 

The number is maintained by a telecommunication-
services company located out of state to ensure its 
availability following an earthquake or other major dis-
aster. During an emergency, callers will hear recorded 
information regarding closure status, as well as any 
special instructions to faculty, staff and students. 

For more information , call 534-1064. 

ASIO to Host Final Internship 
Information Night Tuesday 

The A.S. Internship Office will offer its last infor-
mation session for the year on Tues ., April 14 at 6 

p.m. in Price Center Gallery B. 
All students interested in an internship in San 

Diego this summer should attend the meeting. 

Join Team UCSD for WalkAmerica 
To Benefit March of Dimes 

Members of the UCSD community can show their 
support for the March of Dimes by participating in the 
annual WalkAmerica on the morning of April 25 . 

The March of Dimes will celebrate its 60th anniver-
sary this year. Throughout its long history, the organi-
zation has fought against polio , to prevent birth 
defects and to provide adequate prenatal and neona-
tal care for infants, 

Students. faculty and staff can join WalkAmerica by 
contacting Noelle Bahnmiller at the UCSD Bookstore 
Customer Service Desk. 

Lecture to Be Held On Art 
Exhibitions In Mid-19th Century 

History Associate Professor Rachel Klein will pre-
sent a lecture entitled ' Taste and Distinction: 
Sentimental Constructions of Art and Artists in Mid-
Nineteenth Century America " April 22 at 3:30 p.m. in 
HSS Conference Room 4025. 

Klein will explore the growing popularity of art exhi· 
bitions in mid· 19th century United States through an 
analysis of art and artists as they were depicted in 
women 's literature . 

The lecture is sponsored by the Department of 
History Faculty Research Seminar Series . For more 
information. call 534·1997 . 

GiJiillilAN II GENEVIEVE COX. Features Editor JESStCA SCHEPPMANN. ASSOCiate Features Editor MEGAN KLEIN . Opinion Editor LuIJiU. Jaune MulOOooQ)me7, ChriSlopller S)1veSter, Kendr. Wa'ker. AlliSon Wi'COA DESIGNER; Karl Friedman COMPUTER SUPPORT ; Marcus Lobbla ADVERTISING ASSISTANT: Yvetle Alcala. MelodY Gonzales 
The UCSD GU(HdJRIl IS published Mondays and Ttluls(tays during the academic 
yem by and 'or the Slud 'nls 0' UCSD. ReproducllOn 0' th is newspaper In any 
torm, whether In whole or In part. WIthout permission is striclly prOhibited. 
C 1998. ail rights reserved TIle UCSO GUOIllian Is not respon Ible 'or the return 
01 unsoliCited manuSCripts or art The VI ws expressed nereln dO not necessarily 
r ore cnt the opmlons of Tile UCSD Guardian. the University of California or the 
Associated StUdents. TIle UCSD GU{)I'dU)n Is fuMed so,ely by _enlslng. 

Ju~t wanted to remind you - news Is in no way connected to the opmlon section. 

JESSYCA WALLACE. Assocrare Opinion Edlror 
TRAvtS HIU, Sports Ediror 

JONAH NISENSON, Co-Associate Sports Editor 
KEVIN McLAUGHUN, Co-Associate Sports Editor 

ILONA FASS, Co-Hiatus Editor 
scon YAGER, CO-Hiatus Editor 

CLAtRE SCHNEIDER, Photo Editor 
BRENDAN CAHtU, Graphics Edrtor 

WALT DtCKtNSON, Design Editor 
NICK RUNCO, Online Editor 

CIRCULATION ASSISTANTS: Nick Allpour. Julius Choi . Phil ip Go'dman. NICI< 
JuliUS. Greg lillie. [lie Wood 

ANN BAREFIELD, Business Manager 
BROCK HALTER, Adltertisrng Manager 

MIKE MARTINEZ, Advert,sing Art Director 
JOE PAN, Advertising Des,gn & Layout 

JOHN BARBER, Advertising Design & Layout 
YVETTE ALCALA. Assistant Busrness Manager 

News/ Features: 534-5226. General Edltoriot: 534-6581 
EDITORIAL ASSISTANTS: Chllst lna sehrenk. [lIk3 Sn,d r Opinion/Sports: 534-6582. Hiatus: 534-6583 
st:NIOR STaff WRlTt:RS: Bill Glanllnann. L,nosay H{)I'~" Mary H'gglns. Jemy Ad~r~sine Office : 534.3466. Fax: 534.7691 
="son. Sean Rool"". CIYls seIYellJer. Anna Va.sman. Steve Wafsh. Esther e .rnatl : euardlan(Wucsd.edu 
IT"" WIIITIIII: Jeff B sell. Kata CarlOS, Pau' Do<IIle . Jac:oo Gorocn. Vincent Guardran Online: http://www.ucsd .edu / guardlan/ 
Gr"llnanl. Sehra Han. Koc,e Jung. Matlhew Kalinowski. A,mee Mackay Annam UCSD G dl 9500 Gil Dr! 03 8 

TERRY LEW. Editor In Cllle' 
JONAH FREEDMAN, Co-Managing Edrtor 

GRACE lANG, Co-Man/Jiing Editor 
TABITHA UANSHAW. Copy Editor 

MAliC COM~l-,~SSoclate Copy Edrtor 
JULIA KULlA_DrR. Co-N_s Editor 

.. -.:.:.; ... ; •. f/i.rt!M.~3IIJ::JIfR .• 
Manthlram. AIIrla McCIa.n. Sara Moosavi. EMn Plring. Christina Rhudy: Kavlt9 uar an, man ve 1, 

_ Sadan~. S.r8 .Snyder. Quyen Tu , S. Jav~ WWI. Y ... ~el Yan~ . • . • • • . •• .La JoU CA 92093-0318 ','t. l .~f ... =- .JoeMi1I1fq ..... ~ .l .. • to ...... ) ,ti/·, ......... . ·f f ... ~ . t - ... - ,. " .. . " 
'" TI • , ~IIt.: DrrI>a, ~ !fi~ WJW Ao1 . C • ,t.'.,; 

Monday, April 13, 1998 

Lights 
Sirens 

Lights & Sirens is a selection of 
entries compiled from the log book 
of the UCSD Police Department. 

Sunday, April 5 
4:35 p.m.: A student reported 
the burglary of a gray '86 
Nissan pickup truck at lot 502 
between April 4 at 11:30 p.m. 
and Apri l 5 at 2 p.m. Loss: $35. 
Monday, April 6 
7:46 a.m.: Students reported 
robbery and assault at the cliffs 
on April 5 at 10:30 p.m. 
8 :15 a.m.: A staff member 
reported the vandalism of an 
electric cart at the Pepper 
Canyon Apartments between 
April 5 at 11:30 p.m. and April 6 
at 7 a.m . Loss : $100. 
10:00 p.m.: An officer filed a 
report concerned the confisca-
tion of a counterfeit drivers ' 
license from a student . 
10:36 p.m.: A student report-
ed the vandal ism of a black 
Honda Civic in lot 356 between 
11 a.m. and 6 :30 p.m . 
Damage: $1.5 0. 
Tuesday, April 7 
11:01 a.m.: The driver of a 
maroon '96 Yamaha motorcycle 
lost control and crashed on Villa 
La Jolla Drive next to the 
Veterans Administration hospital. 
Treated at scene by paramedics. 
Sought private treatment. 
11:07 a.m.: An 18-year-old male 
student was not wearing a hel-
met and suffered a head injury 
after fall ing wh ile skateboarding 
in lot 206. Refused treatment. 
11:21 p.m.: Officers detained a 
32-year-old male non-affiliate at 
the intersection of La Jo lla 
Shores Drive and La Jolla Farms 
Road for being a danger to him-

self and others. Transported to 
County Mental Health. 
Wednesday, April 8 
11:12 a.m.: A staff member 
reported the vandalism of copy 
machines at Geisel Library 
Copier Services between April 7 
at 3 p.m . and April 8 at 10 a.m. 
Loss: $646.50. 
3 :27 p.m.: A student reported 
the theft of art works from the 
Crafts Center between April 1 at 
12 p.m. and April 2 at 11:30 
a.m . Loss: $765. 
3 :33 p.m.: A faculty member 
reported the theft of a briefcase 
from the third floor of Urey Hall 
between 9 :30 a.m. and 1:30 
p.m . Loss : $200. 
4:46 p.m.: A student reported 
the burglary of a red '93 Honda 
Civic at lot 502 between April 7 
at 5 p.m . and April 8 at 3:30 
a.m . Loss: $100. 
Thursday. April 9 
1:24 a.m.: Officers ordered a 
54-year-Old male non-affiliate off 
campus for seven days after he 
was found going through trash 
at the Price Center. 
2:41 a.m.: Officers impounded 
a blue '77 Chevy Nova from 
9232 Regents Road because it 
had been abandoned. Stored at 
Star Towing. 
3:01 p.m.: An unknown vehicle 
struck a green '94 Acura Integra 
in lot 356 on April 8 between 10 
a.m . and 6 p.m . 
6:37 p.m.: A red '98 Nissan 
Sentra struck a bicyclist on Vo igt 
Drive at the Warren shuttle stop. 
The bicyclist was not wearing a 
helmet and suffered lacerations 
to the knees and legs. 
Transported to Thornton 
Hospital by paramedics. 

The U SD Guardian 

Friday, April 10 
12:30 p.m.: A staff member 
reported t he theft of a blue Trek 
mountain bicycle from inside 
Pacific Hall on Apr il 9 between 2 
p.m. and 6 p.m . Loss: $300. 
Saturday. April 11 
1 :26 a.m. : Officers detained a 
19-year-old male student at 
Galathea Hall for being drunk in 
public. Transported to De tax. 
10:00 a.m.: A student reported 
the burglary of a blue '88 Acura 
Legend at lot 406 between April 
10 at 6:30 p.m. and April 11 at 
8:30 a.m. Loss: $555. 
2:51 p.m.: Officers and para-
medics responded to a 25-year-
old female non-affiliate suffering 
from shortness of breath due to 
asthma at the Spanos Athletic 
Facility. Treated at scene. 
4:12 p.m.: A student reported 
the burglary of a maroon '90 
Honda Accord at lot 406 
between April 10 at 4 :30 p.m. 
and April 11 at 4 p.m. Loss: 
$830. 
9:30 p.m.: Officers towed a blue 
'72 Chevy Camara from lot 103 
because its driver had a sus-
pended license. Stored at Star 
Towing. 
Sunday, April 12 
12:01 a.m.: Officers arrested 
a 19-year-old male student at 
the intersection of La Jolla 
Shores Drive and La Jolla 
Farms Road for being a minor 
in possession of alcohol. pos-
session of counter feit identifi-
cation and possession of less 
than one ounce of marijuana . 
Cited and released. 

- Compiled by Terry Lew 
Senior Staff Writer 

RSO Bill Huff Passes Away at Age 49 
MEMORY: Huff worked 
while undergoing 
chemotherapy. 
By VIncent Gragnani 
Staff Writer 

Re~idenlia l Security Officer Bi II 
Huff passed away last Saturday at 
the age of 49 aftcr a long bailie 
wi th cancer. 

Calling Hu ff " 3 very personable 
and caring individual," Muir 
Assistan t Resi dent Dean Sean 
Hawes said that he has heard other 
RSOs speak very high ly of him. 

According to UCSD Police 
Sergeant David Rose, HulT came to 
UCSD in August 199 1. He was first 
assigned to the La Jolla del Sol 
apartments before moving to the 
main UCSD ca mpus. Huff previ-
ously worked at Un ited States 
International University as a ~ecu­
rity offi cer. He 31s'0 fought in 

Vietnam with the nited States Air 
For(;e. 

HulT underwent surgery for his 
can(;er late in 1996 and recovered 
and went hack to work in earl y 
1997 . He worked part time while 
undergoing (; hcrnotherapy treat-
ments, and went on a fu ll-time dis-
abi lity leave in February. 

RSO Team Leader Rick 
Marcks ~aid Huff was a man with 
tremendous stamina, working 
almost to the poi nt where he could 
not wa lk . 

" He went on leave because he 
was put on a medication that pro-
hihitcd him from driving," Marcks 
said. " He would have worked until 
the day he died if he could have. He 
wanted to be wi th people as much 
as possible." 

Marcks addcd that Huff was 
quiet and soft-spoken, and that hc 
gOl along very we ll wi th student s. 
As a security officer, HtltTwm, ami-

$10 PER HOUR 
GUARANTEED + BONUSES 
~ FLEXIBLE HOURS 
~ FEW BLOCKS FROM CAMPUS 

ab le ralhcr than aggressive. 
" He was the type of person 

whom you wanted to talk to when 
you saw him," Marcks sa id. 

Marcks said that Hurl' had two 
main interests: reading and ani -
mals. 

" He was intelligent, well read 
and very fond or animals, especial -
ly dogs." Marcks said. 

Huff adopted a dog that he 
found while working at La Jolla del 
Sol. 

"He saved thc dog's life." Rose 
said. " Without Bill. the dog would 
have cnded up dead." 

One of Huff's friends recently 
found the dog a new home. 

Because of his love for anil11ab, 
HuIT\ friend~ asked that contr ihu-
tions be sent to the HUlllane 
Society in lieu of nowcrs. 

Huff 's friends wi ll he gathcring 
for a memorial service in Balboa 
Park this Thursday. 

~ PART-TIME HOURS/FULL TIME PAY 
~ CASUAL WORKING ATMOSTPHERE 

Reduce loxi •• 
• Redu <e cell.lile 

Reduce inc~e , 
Firm and li~~len 
HoI a lem pro,Qry 
wal.,r 1011 mcUod 

U(SD ARlA 
TRIM&IAN 

3251 Holida! (0,,1 
OC'OIl "0,.. f lo,ao 
'S5·0909 

NEWS 3 

PT. to/lU 
TAW 4 LESS 

3185 Midway 0,;,. 
b.h,nd ral~.el 
224.97Z7 

9,491 
of UCSD's 10,580 campus parking spaces fill during peak hOUr>. Empty spots. 
mostly in the north lots, are served by our free parking shutll es-(619) 534-RIDE. 

J UCSD J parking.ucsd.edu 
UNIVERSITY OF CAUFORNIA SAN 01£00 TAANSPORTATION & PARKING SERVICES 

Serving the UCSD pre-medical community since 1985 

* M.D. 's TRAfNING M.D. 's-OF-THE-FuTURE * 
• INTENSIVE MCAT preparation & medical school application/ 

admissions assistance are all we d lIe 're /l 0 ' like rhe o rh er lIrrrs' 
• MCAT EXPERTS: an independent program taught hy UCSD-trained 

academic M.D.'s, top M.D.-Ph.D. ca ndidates. & Engli;,h Department 
Ph.D. faculty. 

• ORIGINATOR of intensive MCAT prcp in San Dicgo 13 years ago! 
• 9 WEEKS (150+ hours) of detailed in-class in;,truction & real MeAT 

testing, prohlem solving, reading/writing workshop" re\'i cw groups. 
mcd school app lic,llion & admissions stratcgics. & tutoring. 

• 2500 PAGES of original take-home review note,. reading & wri ting 
slUdyguidcs. MC' A T & ndmissions strategy handouts. problem sc t ~ . & 
MCAT-quality timed practice exams. 

• REAL MeAT TESTING for in-class & takc-home practice. 
• DIRECT CONTACT with young UCSD docs & med students. 

~ EiCJ 



4 OPINIO 

lsn' 
alway 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, April 13, 1998 

PINION 

The obvious slate impact, the election of grossly unqualified candidates and other 
general flaws inherent in the A.S. elections process leave a few Guardian editors 

sorely disappointed with the outcome of last week's elections. 

Megan Klein 
Opinion Editor 

T The recent eledions have proven that students cannot respon-sibly elect their own student leaders. The st udents showed great inwn-
sistency while voti ng. They elected ahnost 
the entire "Students First!" slate, which was 
adamantly uppllsl.!d to the sludent ",;tivity -
fcc increase but extremely SUpflortive uf the 
Academic Succcss Program (A .S.P.) refer-
endum. Students, however, went on to pass 
the fee increase and defeal the A.S.P. refer-
enduJll. 

This is not entire ly the students' fault . 
The voting system is se lf-destructive - it 
does not educate voters we ll enough so 
that they can make responsible decisions . 
Gelling accurate information on candi -
dates is difficult compared to a state or 
national election. There arc no hi ghl y te le-
vised polit ical d\.!bat\.!s or cndles~ , in -dept h 
magazine and newspaper reports at 
UCSD. 

The only information the voters at UCSO 
receive, bes ides th e GI/lirdiall I.!ndorse-
mel1l s. is an AS SO sample ballot li lled 
with photographs and short , Ilashy state-
ment s. 

This is L:olllpletcly inadequate. Not onl y 
are the piclurcs irn:lcvant , hut the ~tat cment s 
are merely factory-line phrases produced hy 
each slate - cmpty pmllliscs anu catch ~Io­
gans that arc only created to appeal 10 the 
uneducated vota. 

These sample ballots turn what should be 
a f;lir and uemo(;ratic process into a junior-
high popularity wntes\. In~tead of giving 
voters the cold, hard facts ahout the candi -
dates, these pamphkts spoon-feed students 
with delectable morsels of political tluff, 
thereby forcing students to vote wi th their 
stomachs, not their minds. 

This year, the Guardilill endorscment 
process was the only edu(;ated, responsible 
analysis of A.S. candidates on campus. We 
thoroughly interviewed every executive 
candidate and had loud, angry dehates over 
the pros and cons of each. We looked past 
the paper-thin promises of the sample bal-
lots and actually met these people, who 
appear so confident in their photographs. 

While I wou ld love to just tell people 10 
read the Guardilill endorsements and to 
vote accordingly, it can ' t be done that way. 
We all have mind . and we need to use 
them. In an ideal situation, everyone voting 
would have the opportunity to talk and lis-

See .... C1JON8. Page 5 

Terry Lew 
Editor-in-Chief 

A s a reasonahly veteran A.S. watcher, having seen counci ls rise and ra il over the last four years. i think I can safely say 
that we've reached a new low in college 
po litics. 

The granu experiment that began two 
years ago with Coleen Sabatini and her 17-
member "Students First !" slate has proven 
itself an unqualified failure. In an ideal 
world, a number of like-minded candidates 
with si milar goals wou ld come together 
and form a slate to campaign as a group. If 
ele(;ted, their common purpose would keep 
them together in their tight to improve 
U SD for its current and future students. 

Sad ly, that utopian vision has not 
hecomc 1I reality. Slates today are [ittle 

Joe Anglulo/ GuardIan 

more than groups of total strangers 
brought together by a dynamic leader for 
their similar po lit ica l beliefs or affi li ations. 

While slates had hecn around prior to 
the 1996 elections, they were primarily 
sma ll groups of friends that had little 
impact on the overall elections process. 
Slates tirst burst onto the UCSD politi cal 
scene whcn Jen Nicoll 's "Uniting New 
Ideas Through Experience"' (U.N.I.T.E.) 
faced off against Sabatini 's "Students 
First! " 

"Students First!" swept easily into 
office that year, selling the stage for the 
ugly slate politics that were to rollow. The 
next year, Alex Tom attcmpted to carryon 
the "Students Firsl!" name against the 
Greek·dominated "Revolution" slate. 

While "Revolution" candidates 
promised to improve students' lives. their 
"Students First !" counLerparts devoted 
themselves almost exclusively to system-
wide concerns . "Revolution" adopted an 

S" "LAlli, Page 6 

Jessyca Wallace 
Associate Opinion Editor 

D espitc the good fortune of the narrowly-passed activity -fcc increase and the necessary elec-tion of Joe Leventhal as pres ident , 
the immediate future of the A.S. council 
seems hleak. 

An independent president running a 
council chock-fu ll or "Students First! " 
mcmbers - many of whom are inexperi -
enced and opposed to the fee increase -
forebodes a chaotic and dysfunctional coun-
cil from day one. Leventhal will no doubt 
encounter heavy opposition when trying to 
pass his executive budget - the fee increase 
passed and "Students First !" was against il. 

Two possib le futures loom heavily ovcr 
the third 11001' of the Price Center. One is an 
ineffective council due to gridlock between 
Leventhal and "Student s First!" on many 
issues as well as the general inexperience of 
the newl y elec tcd council. The second pos-
sibility is an almost nonexistent counci l. 
hecause as these swdent s reali ze how 
unqualified and in-over-their-heads they ilre, 
they will resign, causing entire offi ces to be 
unproducti ve. 

I hold nothing against the memher~ of 
"Student s First! " as a group of student s or as 
a slate; however, there ure specific mem-
bers-e lect of the counci I whom I Susflect 
will cause problems in the council 's ability 
to function effectively. James Navarro and 
Karen Juan have no business in the positions 
to which they have been elected. This is not 
about persollal judgmcnt, but about experi -
ence. 

James Navarro, Student Advocate 
The student advocate must be eloquent, 

experienced and knowledgeable. James 
Navarro is none of these things. It is impor-
tant that students know Navarro was told in 
advance, by previously interviewed candi-
dates, that he wou ld be asked to identify 
three UC regents in his Guardiall interview. 
Navarro came in with them written on a 
piece of paper, which he sti ll needed to ref-
erence in order to answer the question. 

To demonstrate his ineptitude and the 
tear in his moral fabric : When questioned as 
10 why he had these regents written down, 
Navarro replied, " It was just off the top of 
my head, I just had 10 write it down, 'CUl I 
felt like you h;lve to know some UC regents. 
and you know." 

Navarro's experience - whal lillie he 
has had time to accrue in hi ~ two years here 

~ QUAU", Page 5 

Monday, April \3, 1998 

'MINORITY' QUESTIONS 
, ~~ "fr"" 

Letters t~g Editor 
The Guardian welcomes letters (rom 
its readers . All letters must be no 
longer than three pages, typed, dou-
ble-spaced and signed. Letters must 
also contain a phone number. We 
reserve the right to edit for length 
and clarity. Letters may be dropped 
off at the Guardian office on the 
second floor of the Old Student 
Center. 

Editor: 
[ am writing in regards to the furor 

that has come up recently concerning 
the changes in the proportions of 
minorities in the UC system. I h3ve 
some questions here that I challenge 
.my reader of this leiter to answer. For 
the sake of simplicity, I am not con-
sidering the socioeconomic back-
grounds of anyone in this leiter. 

First question: Who is the majori-
ty? I have heard all about the minori -
ties on these campuses: American 
Indian, Latino, Pacilic Isl ander, vari-
ous Asi'lIl groups, African~ , Eskimo, 
Middle Eastcm and various othcrs. 
Despite all this, I have never learned 
which ethnicity is the majority. Th.: 
majority Illust ex ist, sincl! there are 
minorities. Who is it'! 

Iy try to increase the presence of 
minorities, we arc at the same time 
actively tryi ng to decrease the pres-
ence of the majority. I grant that 
malice is certainly not a motive in 
thi s. but this remains a form of 
racism nevertheless . Why is it right 
to aid the minorities at the expense 
of the majority'! 

Third question: Granted that this 
decline in minorities who have been 
accepted to the UC's is due to SP-I, 
SP-2 and Prop. 209, is it right to cir-
cumvent thesc laws'! Everywhere I 
hear of groups, counci ls and tasks 
forces working with the goal to 
increase the percentages of racial 
minorities in the UC system. Why, I 
even saw tlyers advertising such a 
group posted around campus! If it is 
now illegal to give minorities pref-
erence directly, is it legal to give 
them preference indirectly? 

Fourth question: Is it a realistic 
and worthwhile goal to have the 
racial makeup of every UC univer-
sity he an exact replica of main-
stream society? Elementary statis-
tics dictate that, even in an idealsil -
uation , there wou ld be some year-
to-year variance. 

Furthermore, what would thi s 
goal ac(;omplish? Nothing would 
change except that some people 
would have been gi ven top priority 
bccause of their skin color and 
some other pcople hOllom priority 
fo r the same reason. 

The UCSD Guardian 

QUALIFIED: 
Slate support does 
not denote ability 
Continued from PllCe 4 
- is irrelevant to his position on 
the council. He has done human 
resource work for both a temp 
agency and a Catholic church at a 
naval prison. He helped organize 
high school w nrerences and was a 
securi ty co-chair and publicity 
outreach oflicer. 

Furthermore, Navarro believes 
the "Students First!n slate institut-
ed the S-percent fee rollback 
which is coming up next year and 
that he could increase the rollback 
to 10 percent or even more. 

ELECTIONS: 
Reform needed in 
selection process 
Continued from PllCe 4 
ten to each candidate the way we 
get to do. 

To beller understand each can-
didate, we 'hould hold multiple 
publi c forums in which each A.S. 
candidate is interviewed for 10 
minutes by an unbiased panel. 
Then on ly those who allend one 
of the forums wou ld cast their 
votes. This would ensure that all 
voters were making informcd 
dec isions. ye t would not take 
away the ri ght to vote from any-
oll e. 

If w mcone decided ~/he did n't 

Navarro was not familiar with the 
ballot measure to increase the 
activity fee . 

"C.R.E.A.T.E .. .. would have 
been facilitated through a' model 
school, but unfortunately it was 
rejected two years ago. Hopefully 
we can start a program or some-
thing for C.R.E.A.T.E. I believe it 
would be the same as the charter 
school; it is the charter Sd1001. It 
would help out for outreach 
because it reached out through 
ou treach." 

Clearly this candidate is com-
pletely uneducated and extraordi-
narily inexperienced. I believe 
James Navarro should step down 
before his inexperience be,;omes a 
l1at tire for the A.S. council. 

care enough, s/he wouldn't be 
forced to vote. Those who al\end 
the forums would have real facts 
with which to make a decision 
about each candidate. 

While there are definite prob-
lems with the elections process, 
the voters themselves also need to 
makc more of an effort. Un less 
you are satislied wi th the fake 
statements of the sample ballot, 
go out and demand to be' 
i n formed . 

If you walll to talk to a candi -
date, walk up to any diligently 
campaigning student and ask Ihat 
person what they an: running for. 
Then judge for yourself by what 
s/he has 10 say. 

[I' y\Ju ' re illlcn:sted in a panic-
ular candidat e. come to the 

OPINION 5 

Karen Juan, 
Comm/sslone, of Programming 

Karen Juan has no music-
industry experience. We can only 
believe she was elected hecausc of 
her slate. Zach Beebee, one of her 
opponents, is overwhelrningly 
qualified, hOlh through his experi -
ence in the A.S. programming 
oflice and in tbe music indu try. 

When dealing with the music 
industry - one comprised of 
notoriously difficult people -
experience is the primary require-
ment. Caring about campus issues, 
like admissions statistics, is a dis-
tant second. Out of respect for the 
students who mistakenly elected 
her, she should resign and allow 
the e)(perienced to take office. 

Guardian and ask if you can listen 
to the interview. We record every 
single interview, and if you need 
that to inform yourself, I will per-
sonally find the spot on the tape 
that you arc looking for. 

However, if you would rather 
vote to give A.S. an addi ti onal 
$200,000 a year based on the lim-
ited information in the sample 
ballots, go right ahead. I can ' t 
stop you. After all , thi s is a 
democracy. 

It is imporlallt III /lotI! Ihal 
,hl!.l'I! Opill ioll .l· arl! lIot I/rOSI! of ,he 
Guardian III' Ihe Guardian editori-
al board. bw of MI!~all Kleill . 
Terry U ll' lind } I!,\'sy('(/ Wall//{'I!-
,hrel! {lNlple wllo ,1'(// ill 0 11 every 
illle n 'i(' II ' Ihe GUilrdian I'lI/uIUCI -
ed. 

. .~ -;:!:t.v.'l"--_~~ .. , Second qu.:stion: Why i~ it right 
to discri minate against th i~ majori-
ty in the UC system" C0ll11110n 
scn~e di ctales lhal , whcn wc act ivc-

Ult imate ly, in the long run, wi ll 
th i~ goal of matching ethnic repre-
sentat ions rea lly make a di ITerence 
that is Illore than skin deep'! I look 
forward to any responses to these 
questions. Thank you. 

. >~' ."!f"" Qj~~~:;t~~ 
. . .,. t, n "!.ton We may be opInionated, but dammlt, we re right . . ' .. < ~ ?, .. ~:~~~~J. 

Dana Zurek 

Overseas Auto B008B M".mar Rd. 15 

* 
·f 12",1_1 
o ...... 

Miramar RL 

SERVING UCSO FOR 17 YEARS ••• 
• ................. 1 •... Excellent refersnces from satisfied customers! 

I Minor Tune Up Brake Job Special ISpecial Rig. S80 
lOur tune up includes a lot more R ISS I Front or rear. Brake job includes: 

than others, It includes; .g. 11. tnslali lront pads or rear shoes _I 11. NEW Spar!( plugs 7. Check brakes 2. Drain old brake fluid 
I 2. CIIeck DislribUlor poin!s 8. Check clutCl1 13. Inspfl(t hydlaulic syslem • I 3. Check DistnbUlor 9. Check tights 4. ReMI hydlaulic Ilu id ~ ., , 

condenser to. Check undercarriage I 15. Bleed blake syslem • I I 4. Adjus! timing lor damage 6. Adjust fronl (if Shoes) and real shoes 
I 5. Check and reptenish 11. Check cooll1g system I ~Road Ie 51 .J alilluid and oiltevets & hoses - - - - - - - -L!A=I=a~ _.!=:._.J FREE TOWING 
f3s.polnt-Major SerVice Ii m.:; r=s~o::.; 
I Special ~ Oil I I Extra for futllln/ftCttld cars. Our major service Includes: Reg. 5150 I Change 

I. New spa'" plulj$ 12 . .\qulldwtlI angle 24.Lube honl end I I 
I 2. New At I~., 13. Aqun talburela 2S.Check lor loose nuts & bolts I & 3. New"" Mer 14. .\quII a.;O'IueI 10110 Il'Uture 26. Check 19/11$ I 20 . t I 
14.Ch,nge engm oi 15 Check 11"""9 27. Checkundercarnage lor damage I -pO In 5. Newluelf,le, 16. Checkclulch 28. CMcl andlechaJge batt.ry ~_ I S f t Ch k I 
I 6. Check dilillOOIor po.", 17 . .\qUII clul<h 29 RM. ",.. I' _ I a eye c 7. ChecIc dislnbiJlOr ""","n.or 18.Chect "'at. IJl. Clltcl l •• press",. S· I 8.~essfOl'll.~ 19AdfusI"'ake$ 31. l ul>e door hlfl9O$ II pecle I I 9. V""e .djusimeN ~ ..... 1 ~ . .\qusl e",,'!I!"'Y In'" 32 Check aU hoide~ 

10. New .. ~e <OI'el gasket 21. Chid! & leplenish aU ft uid levell 33 Check <ooI~g IVllem & hOses LUI8J' I I 1- _ I 22. Chect and adiUSI exposed bel. 34 Check erhaust .ystem I ' : 11 . Adjust timing 23. Chid! .Ioctrcal lusel 35. Road ttsl 
1 Noto: Em. fOf &-Cylinder, &-cyflnder, Ind plltlnum plugo. .J 

~-------------~o:I:C'"iutchJ: 1mII rTTmTn; ... R 1 I . Newpressurepl31e 4 . NewPilot~ I Special 
2. New Clutch Disk 5. Change transmission oft 1.:; $79* 13. New Throwout bearing 6.Road test 1 - - - - -
Nolo: Hy_lcpott ... not,_ .... fof4WO. FIOfII W'e do extended warranty 1--...... .J 

... - - - - - - - - 15, 30, 45, 60, 75, & 90K service 
... oat eIIr • • With Ih i. ad. Explr .. 4127/98. 

Brand new parts. A.k 
about our .peciat. on 
engine • . All our work haa 
a 2-year or 20,OOO-mile 
timited warranty. All prien 
include parts and labor. 

1 0% OFF LABOR 
tor UeSD stU~'r!'~I: 

8008-8 Miramar Road. ____ C_B_II_'_o_r_B_"_B....L..L_o_I"_t_m_e_"_t_"_O_w_l-t 
Rental car avaIlable. 

Monday-Friday, 7:30 am-6 pm. 
Op .... S.turd.y 695~1990 

I,· .......... ~ ", 

JUST II liME FOR IPRIII! 

S) i --
-

I 
40% to 90% 

off original retail prices 

NINE DAYS ONLY! 
Saturday, April II· Sunday, April 19 

II :00 a.m. to 7:00 p.m. 
•••••••••••••••••••••••••• 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
•••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

931 Garnet Ave .• Pacific Beach 
Across the street from Bank of America. Sim and -- IIIIJ "'Y. 

483·5150 
All sales final, no refunds or exchanges. MasterCard, VISA, AMEX, Discover, cash and personal checks accepted, 

UCSD GU"'ROI~N 

TAKE All EXTRA 
10"0.H 

::SPlilT meNh.nd.s. 
wIth this coupon. Not valid with any other offen. One per penon. 

19, 1998. The Show, 911 Garnet Ave. 481-5150. 



6 OPINION The UCSD Guardian 

3 Rairs of color 
DISPOSABLES 

Free color variety packs for light 
or dark eyes when you buy 12 
pairs of FreshLookilO clear 
disposa bes. (6-mo. supply) 

Exam, follow-up, solutions, $14 9 
6 mo. of FreshLooks® Clear, 
3-pair Rainbow variety pack. All., Mlr • . $40 rebale 

DAILY WEAR EXTENDED WEAR 

$89** $99** 
COMPLETE 2 PAIRS B&L FW 

.. Att .peciol. Includ.l.n •••• exam. eyecore kit and lollow up VIIlt 
A.t igmofic len,e. h,gh.r Nol yclod with any other olfer. 

011 ... upi,. ~ IJO/98 

Roam HEW • • 0 .0 . • SlEVEN TAYMAN . 0 O. 

COSTA VERDE CENTER 
8650 GENESEE AVE. Sf!. 220 (619,452-7374 

FASHION V ALLEY CENTER 
NEAl Sus FIfTH AVENUE (619)295-0537 

M f 10·7 • SAT. 10·6 • I' y O"IYI SUN. 11 ·6 

In a recent national survey of med school students; 

78% of Kaplan 
MeAT students 
got into their 
first-choice 
med school. 

Translation ... nearly six times more Kaplan MCAT students got into their first-choice 
med school than did their classmates who took HyperleamingfThe Princeton Review 

With results like this, it's no wonder Kaplan's the #1 choice for MCAT prep. 
Get started today. Call now! , 

KAPLAN 
1-800-KAP-TEST 

www.kaplan.com 

'\ . 1 r ~ ~ 

~(t)' I . ... . 
.. ':'1'11·':1"" 
• • 
- .. 
. .. 
" - .. 

, 10 
. " I • •. , .. 

, 'MeAT Is a registered trademark of the AsSOCiation of American Medical Colleges. 
tl998 survey of medical students by Bruskln-GoIdring Research. For more details of the findings, see our website 8t www.kaplan.comlmcat. 

There is no second opinion. 

Monday, April 13, 1998 

SLATES: 
Good intentions 
sometimes backfire 
Continued from page 4 
ostrich mentality, but "SlUdent~ 
First t" was so concern ed with the 
hig picture that it s cand idates 
seemed to forget that their lirst 
n:sponsibi lity was back home -
and students called them on it by 
handing "Revolution" candidate~ a 
tidy victory. 

Once elec ted, those candidates 
were not content to rest on thei r 
laurels. They made a number or 
mistakes while in office, some or 
them more glaring than others, but 
they lea rned and vowed never to 
repeat them. 

For the most part , the IWO slates 
fie lded decent candidates this year. 
Most were relatively educated, rea-
sonably well -spoken indi vid uals 
wi th at least a modicum of experi-
ence - people who seemed to rea l-
ly beli eve their part y lines. Wh ile 
the Guardian generall y gave the 
nod to "M illennium" candidates for 
their greater experience, we are 
confident thai most of the newly 
elected ofli cers will do a thorough-
ly adequa te job. 

However, thi s year 's ciections 
ha ve revea led one of the slate sys-
tem's greatest Ilaws: whil e they 
bring name recognition to other-
wise-qualified candidates who 
might ge t lost in their opponents' 
marketing blitz, candidates can be 
swept into office on their slate 's 
name alone . 

Unlike past years, in which the 
slates simply stayed out of races for 
which they had no qualified candi-
dates, ArlO Mansury and "Students 
First t" (which simply refuses to 
die) seem to have ti elded obvious-
ly unqualified people just for the 
sake of havi ng someone on the bal-
lot. 

The two most glaring examples 
are Karen Juan, who ran for com-
missioner o f programming with 
zero experience in the music indu~ ­
try, and James Navarro, the com-
missioner of student advocacy who 
thought his slate - not Lt. Gov. 
Gray Davis and Assemblywoman 
Deni se Moreno Ducheny, D-
National City - was somehow 
responsible for next year's 5-per-
cent fee rollback. 

Such ignorance does not bode 
well for the person who will soon 
be overseeing the largest part of the 
A.S. Council's near-million-dollar 
budget, nor the person whose job it 
will be to defend students caught in 
UCSD's tangled disciplinary web. 

A strange development, howev-
er, was the emergence of mystery 
independent calldidate Joe 
Leventhal. Leventhal brought a 
wealth of experience to the race, 
unlike 1997 wild card Amir Raza, 
and he captured an overwhelming 
vic tory with nearly as many votes 
as his two opponents comhined . 

While "S tudents First!" will 
dom!lIate the council , Leventhal 
wi il hopefully free the group from 
the vicious infighting and back-
stabbing that has plagued it in 
recent years. Slates can be remark-
ably cohes ive during the campaign 
period, but they inevitably dissolve 
into factions and deadlock the 
counci l once the bright orange 
shirt come off and the newly-
clected exe utives , commis~ ion e rs 
and sen:llor get down to the bu~i ­
ness of govcrning. Leventhal will 
have hi s work cut out for him, hut 
I'm conlidenl that he can get the 
job done. 

Wc' ll be watching, 

Montla}, April 13, 199M SO Guardian 

ELECTIONS: 1998·99 A.S. Election Results 
$6.50 Acti vity Fee 
Also Passes Muster 
Continued from page 1 

"I' m happy," Mats u7aki said. 
"The only reason that I ran i~ 
beeau e I wanted the ex ternal 
ol'fice to stay wi th the same peop le. 
and w~ got it. so I' m very happy." 

Matsuzakl said he hopes thaI he 
wi II he ahle to ~ontlnuc the work he 
did this year in Ihe external ornee. 

'Tm very happy we' ll still he in 
UCSA and USSA," Matsuzaki 
added. "I'm glad we ' ll he ahle to 
reach oul more to the community and 
make sure the students know what 
we ' rc doing in the external office ." 

Some candidates expressed 
mixed feelings regarding the out-
come of the elections. 
"Millennium" presidential aspirant 
Tesh Khullar, who earned 22 per-
cenl or the vote, said he was not 
pleased with the election results. 

"Obviously, [' m disappointed 
wi th the election result s," Khullar 
said . •. ) just wish more people on 
my slate could have won. I thought 
they were the most experienced 
people running for the offi ces." 

Vice Presidenl Finance-elect Pat 
Ru said he also had mixed feeli ngs 
about the e lecti ons. 

H[ had hoped that the voter 
turnout would have heen greater, to 
maybe 25 percent so AS.P. Ithe 
Al:ademic Success Program I would 
have had a chance, but I think in 
general · the elect ions results were 
wonderful , for me at least," Ru said. 

Voters also approved Fee 
Referendu III Numher I, better 
known as the campus activity-fee 
increase. The measure, which 5 I per-
cent of the 2,684 voters approved, 
raises the mandatory fee I'rom the 
cUlTent $13.50 to $20 per quarter. 

Referendum author Tony Fiori , 
the current vice president finance, 
sa id he was extremely pleased with 
the increase's passage. 

"This fee is a necess it y. It had to 
pass," Fiori said . "The ASUCSD is 
in mUch better shape now with this 
extra $6.50. I'ln glad the students 
realize thi s is a necessity." 

Leventhal said he shared Fiori 's 
enthusiasm for the increase. 

"I'm ecstatic about the passage 
of the acti vity fcc ," Leventhal said. 
H[ fee l that was ,limost more impor-
tant than whether I myself won or 

See ELECTIONS, Page 8 Source: ASUCSD 

Joe Leventhal 
Tesh Khullar 
Arzo Mansury 

Denise La Coursiere 
Michelle Mag&long 

Adds $6.50 to the 

1384 47.9% 
0637 22.0% 
0868 30.0% 

1089 38.5% 
174161.S% 

current $13.50 A.S . V •• 1374 51.0'11 
1310 49,OCJr activity fee, which No 

pays for student 
organization funding, on-
campus concerts and 

A $1 lock-in fee to 
I support the nascent 
, Academic Success ' 
Program (A,S.P.), 
which would establish 
book-lending, exam 
archiving and peer-
assistance programs, 

Yes 1852 69.2~ 
No* 0825 30.8" 

'The passage of A.S.P. was contingent on 25% of the student body voting: 
as onty 22.3% of the student body voted on the issue, It did not pass. 

Brendan Cahill/Guardian 

r----------- , 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I' 
I 
I 

I 
I 

: a f 
:il> MiClIa 
I with thi s coupon. Expires 4/27/98, 
I 
I Esppe •• a Raina 

PRICE CENTER FOOD COURT L _ ....... _ . ~"""~'.i'I!I!i!~"..r.II:tI"II":II' :~< .... _n __ 
I 
I 

..11 

EWS 7 



8 NEWS The UCSD Guardian 

RCOLOR. t 5 I eprln a Sunshine Store 

• ce sm are coming to 
DC San Diego 

April 18th a 17th 
No Limit! 
glossy or 

matte 
finish 

Events • II".a .. ys on tb.-Warren Hall REGULAR 35MM COLOR NEGATIVES ONLY. NO BLACK & 
WHITE. PANORAMIC 

OR SLIDES. REPRINT • Free a irl ine ticket raffle • Meet Matt Fry of Half Baked ORDERS TAKE 3-5 
DAYS FOR 

PROCESSING courtesy Of Price line.com • On-cam pus talent search A ril 13 • 18 

www.burlvbeEl r.com 

4"x6" 
19~e~:~:' 

23¢ 

Class Sf ar,s 
April1.8! 

The law profession 
is hot again ••• 

Not since the high-rolling days of the late 1980's have New York's corporate law 
firm s wooed the top law students 
so assiduously. The economy is 
surg in g, lawyers are doin g ve ry 
nicely, th ank you. 

oom times just keep getting B better for the law. business. 'We're having another great . , 
. 1997 for mergers and acqUlsl-year In ., . 

tions, real e state, tax, htlgat~O? , 
product liability, you name It, exults 
Robert Sheehan, executive partner 
at Skadden, Arps, Meagher & F1om. 

_ The Wall Street Journal, 
July 1, 1997 

- The New York Times, 
August 14, 1997 

s o many fi rms are .. lalem that co ~ecrultrng has become mpetJ~lOn recently 
for top law sChoOldownrrght brutal 
well-regard d . gradUates and 

e mId-level a . 
· .. many of th I SSOClates 
have about e aWyers recruited 

seven offi 
ers On the table 

- The WaShington p, 
March 27, 1997 ost, 

And Kaplan, the world leader in test prep, 
can help you succeed. 

1-800-KAP·TEST 
www.kaplan.com 

' LSAT II 0 regiIIer..t _ 0'" "'the Low School Admlliion Council. 

Monday, Apri I 13, 1998 

'ELECTION • • 
A.S.P. fails to garner 
enough votes to pass 
Continued from page 7 
not because that 's something Ihe 
A.S. council and the Associated 

Student~ ahsolutely needed." 
Ru sai d he wa supportive, hut 

sti II somewhat concerned with the 
nc(;e~s i t y of the rec in(; rease. 

" We' re definit ely going 10 
appn:ciate thc extra mo ney thal ' lI 
he avai lab le to work with," Ru 
said. ' 'l' m no t opposed 10 the idea ; 
1'111 opposed to the amounl. I think 
$6.50 is a hig jump. It obviously 

he lp~ mc a lot in my ofli <.:c where I 
can bc more llex i hie." 

The A.S. elec tions also saw the 
clefeat or Ihe second fec refcren-
dum , which would have pro vided 
financial support for the A(;aderni l: 
SUl:(';css Program through a manda-
lory $ 1 student fec. Th.: referen-
dum a<.: lua ll y passed hy a 69.2 per-
cent margin. hut il ultimately failed 
heCll use less than 25 perl:ent of Ihe 
studcnt hod y voted on the issue. 

Man~ury, who suppurted the ini-
tiative, said shc had mixed feelings 
r.:garding the .S.P. votc. 

"A.S .P. did pass hy 69 pen.:e nt , 
and lhat's a largc pcrccntage of Slll -
dents that sa id they did wan t this 
program," Mansury said . 

" I ' m very disappoinled wi th 
some current council members or 
whoe ver the people were that wCre 
clapping when the elections man-
age r read that we didn 't get the pcr-
centage out," Mansury added. "For 
me, that 's an issue Ihat you' re dap-
ping for the low vOler turnout , and 
I -Ion' t think any A.S. member or 
any student shou Id clap for a low 
voter turnout. " 

Fi ori , whu oppo~ed the n.:rcrell -
dU Ill , said th.: he hoped the ll1easurc'~ 
dcfe:lI will cnw urage ASP. hacker, 
to ~cek other ave nues or funding. 

" 1' 111 actually happy with that. I 
rell all along. and I' ve cxprcs,cd 
Ihl s all along, that I thought A.S.P. 
was unal:countahl e," Fiori said . " It 
had no business plan , and I' ve not 
supported il at all. 

" [ do implore them I A.S.P.I to 
w ille 10 the A.S. nexi year, and a, k 
the A.S .. wilh thi s increase in Ihe 

I calllpu~ acti vitylfce to help , uppOi1 
them in some or those at.:tivitics 
lx.:c;luse I do believe thosc activi t ie~ 
arc very im pOil an t: ' Fiori added. 

Reve lle College Council elec-
tion rcs ults were not released un ti I 
Friday heeause Revelle Electi ons 
Manage r Er ic Lai told A.S. 
Executive Secretary Anna Ma~on 
that hc suspected ca mpaign viola-
tions had occurred. La i told Mason 
he needed to wit hhold the re~ ults 
until the issue was resolved . 

") had been alerted to two cam-
paig n violation s regarding our 
by laws. I investigated it and in 
order to maintain the integri ty of 
Revelle COllege and 10 get down to 
thc truth, ) had to wi thhold th e 
resu lt s .. . the results of the board or 
inquiry mig ht have impacted Ihe 
ekction results," Lai said. 

"However, upon receipt of Ihe 
resulls, the need for withholding the 
results was 01001. So, I told Anna 
Mason to make them public and 
there we are, end of story," he added. 

Lai said the suspected violation 
in vo lved a ca ndidate ostensibl y 
using l:ampus suppl ies to he lp pub-
licize hi s campaign. 

The A.S. e leclions also pro-
duccd victories for a number of 
senatorial candid ates across the 
campu s, 

Co-NelliS Editor Julia Klllla-
Mader cO/ltributed to til;.\' article. 

Monday, April 13 , 1998 The UCSD Guardian FEATURES 9 

Dave Lubitz/ GuardIan 
Working f or a living: Located at the corner of La Jolla Village Dri ve and Villa La Jolla Drive , Rock Bottom currently employs a number of UCSD students. 

ottoms· 1 • 
The /lew addition to La JoLLa J nightlife ,(jiveJ UCSD JtuJentJ a place to congregate 

t's Frid ay night il nd youjuSl got paid . Well , the Gllardia/l 
has round the perrect place to spend your hard -earned 
nickeb and dimes - and it's only a hop, skip and jump 
away rrom ca mpus. 

Rock Bottom Restaurant and Brewery enjoyed its 
grand opening on Mon .. April 6, and il has been well 

worth the wai t. With pool tahles in the back, a full bar and a menu 
worth sa livating over, thi s re~t aura nt is the answer to all your Fri -
day and Sallirday ni ght woe~. 

With such an eclectic and varied menu or over 40 dirrerent 
items - ranging rrom Mr~. Chow's sizzling shrimp sa lad ($9.95) 
to smoked-salmon li~h and chi p~ ($8 .95) - Rock Bottom ~erves 
something fo r everyone, even if you're jusl dropping in for a late-
night llppetizer or dc,sc rt. 

Rock BOllom ,ecs to it that all of it s employees hll ve ~ampled 
everything on the menu . ~o if you arc wondering what to order, 
just as k. Mos t of the e, tahlishment ', empl oyees arc UCS D stu -
dents who arc rn orc than happy to gui de you through your din -
ing 'xperience, and with a veri tahle cornucopia of dishes to 
choose fro m, yo u might find your,elf needing the rriendly a,sis-
tance. 

The Asiago cheese dip ($6.95), a Rock Buttom specialty, i~ il 
tantalii'ing hlend of creamy A ~iago cheese, scallions, sun-dri ed 
tornaloe, and rnu~hrooms . It is served piping hot and bubbling 
accompanying beer br 'ad, de li ciou~ l y loaded with scall ions. Be 
carerul not LO fill up on the dip. as there arc m:lI1 y delicious entrees 
to indulge in. 

Ir you' re looking ror something on the li ghter side, anyone of 
Roc!.. Bottom 's six sa lads will more than surfi(;e. The Tuscan 
smoked chicken sa lad ( 8.95 ) is a specialty of the house and com-
bines see mingly mismatchcd ingredients to create a wonderrul ba l-
un(;c or llavor. 

Fi lled with carrots. sweet red peppers, sun-dri ed tomatoes, 
gri lled chicken hreast and lOpped with a tangy balsamic vinai-
grelle, th is salad . unds good enough. Add to it wa lnuts, green 

See BREWERY, Page 11 

" 

0_ Lubltzl Guardian 
IIoIIIetown t.".n: Bartenders serve drinks in the bar a reas, wh ich include huge silos for brewing and pool 
tables for patrons' delight. Beer samplers are available to t~~t the s election . 

Guardwn Rel?0rter 
• •• • , ..... . . " ~1', ... ~~ 'lit,., • ..,..' •.••.• •• ,. 
"''' ... " , . '" ,~ • ,. ,. . ," • ,. t f .. t'l •• ~ •• , '\ ' . I • t? ,.. t. • I • , ... 



10 CALENDAR Monday, April 13, 1998 

Saturday, Aprit18 
Ile lileaflen Petronio Company is hailed as one of IIle most 

.M ,.lo"''''' companies of its generation. Formed in 
leads his company 01 e'9ht dancers 

ground breakIng wortcs that hall€ been 
d- inllem.atlOflalltY for thelf Invention and lorce Pnce is 

S16 for students. Sl8 for senior crtizens. and S20 generat ad-
mISSion. They 'Mil be pertonnrng at Mandeville Audltonum at 
8'OOpm 

Sunday, April 19 

• Lesbian and Bisexual Wom!In's Group. Come share and explore 
women onented ISSues In a safe and supportJVe envlfooment! We meet 
every Tuesday trom 7·8·:Klpm at the Womens Center, Building 407, Spon· 
sored by Psych and Counseling ServICes. For more into call 534-3755. 
, Our'anic studies every Wednesday 7:JO.8:3Opm.t Cross Cultural Cen· 
ter. Our'anlc chapters are read and Interpreted In EnglIsh The meetIng is 
ted by a very knowlegable person, Muhammed Nasser. Last thirty min· 
utes are left for questions and dISCUSSlon. Everybody IS welcome Spon· 
sored by Muslim Student AssOClalion at UCSD. 

Ing up- but were afraid to askl There will be a FUN and SAFE torum lor genrng your Queslloos 
answered - and finding out what others wonder too. 6· 7:30pm, Cross Cu~urat Center. Led by 
RelationshIp Peer Counselors. Sponsored by PsychologICal and Counseling ServICes. 

Ongoing 
• What's Love Got To Do W,th II? This coed ascusslon/support group for both graduate and 
undergraduate students, locuses on ISSUes retated to beginning and maintaIning romantic-re-
lallooshlps. Led by Linda Young Meets Mondays, 4:00 to 5:30p.m, 1003 Galbraith Hatl. Starts 
March 30, t 998, Students should calt Lmda, 534·3987. tor Informallon and to sIgn up tor the 
group. 

Iy 
• Klrtik Seshadri played hIS tliSt major Sitar reCital atille age 
ot SIX and was Immediately rec09",zed as a child prodigy by 
crlllCS and promlrlent mUSICians In India. A lormal dISCiple 01 
Pandlt RaVl Shankar hIs training was steeped in the distInctIve 
and pure styles 01 the Senla and Dhrupad tradltlOl1 and he IS 
conSIdered one of the finest representatIVes 01 Ind,an ClaSSIcal 
rT1IJSIC today. 512 for students, $14 tor Senior C,llzens, and SI6 
generat admISSion, The pertormance 'Mil be at Mandeville Audl· 

• Checkmat Chess Club meetings at Pepper Canyon Lodge every Sat· 
urday from 3·5pm. Come play All sluilleveis InVited The onty thing you 

• Bereavement Groul>' ThIS group IS deSIgned for students who have expenenced the death ' a l e n a 
of someone slgnllrcant. Led by John Wu Meets Fndays, 2:3O·4pm, at the Revelle Provost's , 

tonum mic r\lice 

need 10 r Ie ork , ps 

Monday, April 13 
• Credit and Debt Repair Workshop, 4:3O-600pm, Pnce Center Gallery 
B. DlSCUSSlOO 'Mil center on Malntarnrng a Good Credit HIStory, Good Credit 
PractICes, Credit RepaH, Debt Consolidation and Bankruptcy. Call Stu' 
dent Legal ServICes at 534-4374 lor more Inlormalion Wadnesday, Aprit15 Tuesdsay, April 14 

• Academic Internship Program Information Day. Find Oul 

BUltd,ng, John Wu's oilice. 
• Astan-American Community Forum: ThiS Inlormal drop'ln group IS deSigned to address 
the concems at ASlaniPacdlc Islander students at UCSD In a supportrve and problem-solving 
atmosphere. Issues such as career and acadelTllc success, family pressures, cultural identity, 
and relallonshlps are poSSIble tOPICS. Feel free to bong your lunch! Led by Jeanne Manese, 
534·3035, John Wu, 534-1579 Meets Fndays, 12:00 to 1:3Op m. , Cross Cultural Center, 510 
UC (near Office 01 Grad Studies and Vis. Arts Bldg.) 
, latino/Chicano SUPPOr1 Group: Family, parents, ecooomcs, Inends, relationships, culture -
all the above are themes that are explored toward the goal of graduation from UCSD. Wednes-

days, 2,30 to 4·3Op.m., Hall Dome Lounge, Muir Coitege. Led by Reina Juarez, 534-3875 and 

Inc. 

went 

more about academc internshIps trom 10am·3prn on the LIbrary • Job Talks & Teaching for Ph.D.'s: Leam how to prepare and delIVer 
Walk. lob talks In aU dISCIplInes. Get suggestions lor securing teaching POSI' 

tlonS. Gain InsIghts from UCSD Prolessor Barbara Sawrey. DeSIgned es· 
Dan Munoz 534·02~ 1. b k t b 
• Campus Black Forum: Campus Black Forum IS an Inlormal gathenng where we InVIte open an ru y 

Ongoing peclally lor graduate students. 2:3().4·OOpm at Career Services Center. 
• Is the Sublect A exam making you crazy? Well do something 534.3750 

discuSSlon and exchange Ideas, gnpes, accomphshments, questions and concerns on any 
tOlllc relevant to the lIVes and expenences 01 people of Alncan Descent. il lS a place for us to 

about It. The OASIS WriUng Programofle rs wOrXshops that will • "He SaldlShe Said": What do guys and girts really Ihlnk? Are there 
prepare you lor the Subject A exam. Visit us on the third floor of 'male only' and 'temale only" characteostics, beliels, vatues? J.4:3Opm., 
Center Hall or call 534-7707 for more inlormat,on: Cross Cultural Center. Led by Relatiooshlp Peer Counsetors. Sponsored 
• Remember when school used to be lun? Weil l! can be agaIn. by PsychologIcal and Counseting Services. 

;:~~~::~h ~~~e~:~~~~t~~~; ~g-~~~~a~~ ~~;h~II'~ ~o~;~~aJ~~~~~~:93r~~n!~,m • d·Apri I of 
The OASIS Writing Program oHers one·to-one wntlng confer- • "Relltionlhip Decisions: How and When to Mike Them": Stanley 
ences for UCSD undergraduates. Daly hours ot operation are Terman, promnant psychiatrist, will gille a wOrXshop on improving per-
Monday through Fnday from 9.00 am to 4.00pm on the thlfd sonairefationships. ForaH stucients grad, orundergrad, 5-7pmalWomen's 
floor of Center Hall. CaN 534·7707 to schedule an aPJlQntment. Center. ' 

information. Fridayl, 4:15-6 p,m., Cross Cultural Center, 510 UCntr. (Near Office of Grad. 
Studies and Visual Art BuildIngs) 
• Atcohol • Substance Abuse Support Group: If you ask yourself ~ you have a problem, or 
n you know you do, leam ways to get back in control of your life. Friellys, 2:00 to 4:00 p,m., 
Half Dome Lounge, Muir College. Led by Dan Munoz, 534'()251 , and Tana Paget. 534-1725, 
• Men's Group: This group for upper division and graduate stucient men will discuss interper· 

that 

sonat relationship challenges including maintaining independence in dose relationships wilh year wh'lch 
women. anger control, and (1Jm Sponsored by Psycholocial & Counsefing Services. Led by , 

• Does school get in the way of your social life? Well it Wednesday, April 15 
shouldn't. The 0.11 Wrf1Ing Program oWers weekly 
worl\shops to enhance your trma management and • Want to be I Physician Alallllnt? 
study skitls, Visit us 00 the thIrd floor of Center HaN or Learn about PA schoof preparation, ad-
call 534-7707 for more ,"Iormation. missions, curriculum and clinical train-

Byron Bloemer, 534-598 I, and Ron Lane, 534·0250. Meet Thursdays, I ·2:3Opm; 1003 Galbraith 
HaP. Can Byron or Ron to S'9n up. 

• The OASIS I _____ is ing. Meet certified PA practitioners, PA 
-..-.- " ..... ~.. schoot program directors and two 

• EatIng A_ WOIbIIop: This four week session wor1lshop for women will provide a 
sale and accepting atmosphere for member to begin to explore their relationlShip with lood, 
devefop healthier aHnudes and feelings towards food, and weight. Topics wHI include body 

ima~, self'esteem, rutrition, anger, assertion, perteclionism and coping with stress. Led by 
Elting DIsordeII PIer CaunllIOfl. Sponsored by Psychological and Counseting Services. 
Starts Friday, April101h, t1 :3Oam, 1003 Galbraith Hal. Can Beverty McCreary 534-3585, or 
Barbara Vivino 534·0589, to sign up. 

is just as 
now scheduling appointments for A' UCSD I . h ~~~~~. cvi~n.1 :;.:; well 
courses. Worlshops and indi· , TJnu 
VIdual conferences are avarl· r~~~~~~;;~[~~I ••••• ~~~~~--l 

• EatIng, Body Image and Rtlltionlhips: Ths group is for women who habitually aet, binge, 
and purge. The fOQJS win be 00 exploring IIle underlying issues related to lIleir relationship with 
food. Topics wil include developing coping skills to manage stress, buiding seW-esteem, in· 
creasing awareness and expressioo 01 leetings, understanding the body and how it functions, 
and exploring tamity dynamics. Sponsored by Beverly McCreary 534-3585 and Barbara Vivino 
534·5989, can Beverly or Barbara to sign ~ for the group. Meets 9:00am Wednesdays, 1003 
Gatbraith Hall. 

because 
abfe, appoinImenlS are neces· 
sary. 534· 1477 or 534-7707. 
Located in Center Hall, 3rd 
flootfealth & 

Fitness 

Ongoing 
·lndlvfdual FhnHI AI_ 
IIIInt-at RIMAC every Mon & 

• Having roommate problems? Need to break your lease early? Is your landiord not making IIle 
necessary repairs? Haven't got your security deposit back? Come to IIle lJndlonllTenant 

all of its 
WOIlIshop on Thursdays from 2-3pm. call Student Legal Services at 5344374 lor more inlor· .... I 
mabon. eillp oyees 
• Cilltl Advfalng for Uncfefgraduate and Gladuate Students: Let expert career advisors 
at the Career Services Center (CSC) help you identify career opportunities that match your 

Wed, 5-Bpm.Noappointment !~~~~~;~~!~;jliiiiiiiiiii needed· watk In 10 the Wellness Room, 2nd lloor. A FREE student service pro· 
vlded by Student Health Ad· 
vocatesl Call 534·2419 lor 

goals, interests and skills. Get your resume critiqued, explore potential careers, learn how to 
networX and obtain valuable career informalioo, Drop in advisin9: Monday-Friday I :3O·4pm. 
Moming appts. available. Call 534·3750. For more career informallon, check out CSC's webs~e 
at hnp:l/www-csc.ucsd.edu 
• Job. Internship UsUngs It CSC: Register at the Career Services Center (CSC) to access 
thousands of oo-campus and off-campus job listings on·line. Apply eany for internships, sum-
mer research programs, co-ops and summer camps. Company inlormatlon induding videos, 
annual reports, produC1S brochures and newsletters are available on the 2nd lloor. Call 534-

were 

literally 
more ,"fol 
• HEADACHESI!! Who needs 
'em? VISit the Heldlche 
Cllntc at Student Health and 
get help! No charge to reQls-
tered students. Call 534·8089 
lor your appointment. 
• Student Heatth IS here tor 
YOU! We're a full service ClInIC 
open to ALL registered stu-
dents. You don't need health 
insurance to use our services! 
ApPOintments tor physician 
VISits and specoalty dlnics· call 
534-8089. Wa lk in to Urgent 
Care weekdays 8am·4:3Opm. 
(Wed, 9-4:3Opm) 
• EMERGENCY CONTRA-
CEPTION, annual exams, 
SlD tests , pregnancy tests, 
birth control prescnptlOns, & 
health educa tIon - all at 
Women 's ClinIC, Student 

Hea~h . Call 534·8089 lor appt. 
Completely confldenllal - aI· 
waysl 
• FREE ancnymous HtV test· 
Ing at Student Healtht Walk In .... __ _ 
to Slgn up at the Heallh Annex, 
Ilist lloor. Questions? Call a health educator at 534-3874 
, Get cer1lfled! CPR and Fllst Aid training courses throughout 
Spnng Quaner at Student Health by Red Cross Instructors. Each 
course IS S I 0 tor the class +$ t 0 lor reference book -or pay $25 
lor beth courses and boof<r S'9" up at SHS Health Ed 2nd Floorl 
, Free Chotesterol Testing at Student Health· sIgn up at the 
Ilist lloor bulletrn board lor your appOO1tment. 
• DON'T GO IN THE OCEAN!!! At least not untlt you've had 
your HepatItIs A shots! II yoo surl or SWIm In the ocean, consrder 
ImmuniZallons to protect your health. Two shOiS -6 months apart 
- $50 each Walk In to Student Health M·F 8· I I am, Wed. 9· 
11am 
• GET PUBLISHEDt Health Beat IS a student publication fOQJs-
Ing on health ISSues. New staff lor 98·99 year are being I8ClUltedl 
An lCles now being accepted· call ANna at 534·1824. 
• Stucient Health AcNccate prcvide Pter Education Programs 
on Nutllllon, HIV, Fitness, Stress & otller topiCS' at your res hall 
or student org meetlngsl Call 534·24 19 for Info on these FREE 
programsl 
, LOW COST PHARMACY· Over·the-counter rtems (cold me~­
CInes, antaCIds, bandards, VItamIns, skIn Cire products, sun-
screen, contraceptive produclr, contact lens products, etc.) all 

~~~~ L~~;oont Health. 

Ongoing 
• LtIIIiIn, City,BiII.tIII, Trlnsgencler AlIOCiItion meets Pfo/-
ery Monday at 7pm In IIle Graduate Assoaabon (next to A,S. 
Lecture Notes). Or stop by and say hi when our om door is 
open (above Soft Reserves), Come out and meet great peopIei 
AlL ara weIcooIe! 

AASU ~AfIIcIn AIIIIIbn S1udInt Union) general body meet-
MondIy at CI05S ClAlIJrat Center6-8pm. Everyone is 
For more InIIir stop by AASU offIee beIWId Pulse in W caN 5:14- ~99 k 

3750. For more Information, check 1!.~t httpJIwww-csc.ucsd.edu 
card-carrying 

Thursday, April 16 
• "Molecular Motors and Intracellular Transport: Frorn Basic Science to Cellular M4IIIi- . I 
cine", Presented by Lawrence Goldsteing, Ph.D. at 4:30p.m, In Garren Auditorium, Basic tiOI11mUMlsts. 
ence Buildmg, on the UCSD Schoot of Medicine campus. The lecture is part of the 1997-98 
Faculty Distinguish~ LeC1ure series sponsor~d by the UCSD School 01 Medicine Dean's Of-
lice. A reception WIll IoIlow For more Inlo call Galt Gipson at 534·t503. 
• "Theology, Ecotogy, and Feminism: tn Conjunction Ortn Conflict?" SIster Joan chiHNevertheless, 
a member of the BenediC1lne SIsters of Ene, Pennsylvania will present the premise that what 
people do or lailto do about Ecology depends on what they think about themselves and their 
relationships to things around them, 8pm at Peterson Hall. Room 108. 

Friday, April 17 their 
• Are you interested in environmentat issues? Marl< your calendar for an Intormal discus· 
sion WIth Calilomia Assemblyman Howard Wayne. Chall of the Envllonmental, Sately and 
TOXIC Matenals Committee, 1-1'3Opm at Pacllic Hall 4501 A free light lunch 'Mil be proVIde!\. d' tl 
so please RSVP to Gail McNabb at 534·2263 to reserve your spot. pre IC ons 

Monday, April 20 
• "Female Masculinity" presented by Judith Halberstan 01 the L,terature Department. La· 
cated at the Cross Cultural Center at4pm. Sponsored by Soence StudIes and Women's Cen· about the 
ter, Events & R creation 

• " Parents 
and 
Baby sl tters 
Network Get 
Together." A 
chance lor parents to meet volunteer student Friday, April 17 

future of 

are 

babysltters and lind out about other resources. UCSD Women's Center 4· • Women's Wlter Polo VS. Loyola Marymount at Canyonvle Pool at6pm. 6pm. 
• Programming Around MulU-Cullurat Themes: Poce Center Gallery Saturday, April 18 

remarkable, 
A, presented by Pablo Mendoza, ERC sludentActMtres Coordinator Spon. • Seahorses and Other Sea Babies speCIal program Indudlng a lecture, slide presentahon, 
sored by Student Organizations & Leadership Opponunitles (SOLO). 3· and tour 01 the nursery laCllitles. Get a beh,nd·the·scenes look at the seahorse propagatlOfl 
4pm. For mere mfocall 534·0501. faCility and the nursery where other manne anrmals are raised 9.3O·1t:3Oam at the Bllch 
• Genin' ltIAllertlveness Training: An 8.week wortcshop senes WIll help Aquanum at Scnpps Institution of Oceanography, $t 5 adults, $9 children (ages 10-13), Ad-
you get what you want oul of reiatlOl1shlps (tnend, roommate, romantIC, vanced reseNatlOn are requlled. 534·7336 
etc,) AssertIVeness training, SOCial skl!s, stress, anger manageroont and 'BasebaU VS. Chapman at Tnton Baseball F,el at lpm 
speClat tOPICS 4·5·3Opm, Women s Center, Led by Michele Boutte Burl\e Sunday, Aprilt9 
and Elizabeth Walker. Calt Michelle 534-5905 to sign up Sponsored by • Women 's Wlter Polo vs. Sunset San Diego Juniors at Canyon~ew Pool at5pm. 
Psychologlcat and Counseflrlg Services Monday, April 20 
, Parent Support Group: Being a parent and a student at UCSD IS as 
challel1\l ng as life can bel This group will offer a forum for parenls to get • BaItblU VS, Southern CII. College at Tnton Baseball Freid atJpm. 
together, share and leam 110m each other as we navrgate together the Monelly, April 2(). Thursday, April 24 
deligMul and yet nOi so ptaCid waters 01 parenthood, 12-Ipm, Women's • SOLO YIIIIIIor Fair: Showcase of vendors seiling both manufactured and handcrafted rtems. 
Center. Led by Reina Juarez, 534·3875. Sponsored by Psychological and library Walk from 9am-Spm. 
Counseling Services, Tuesday, Aprit21 
, WhIt 00 You Want?: Love . . Sex .. . Carilg ... Money . . Loof<s ,. • Deadline to SIgn up lor the AlI-Carnpul VotleybtU Tournament. SI!1l up in Cotlege Dean's 

Fnendshrp . . Discover whars mportantto you '" relatronshlp5 - you Office rn co-ed teams (3 roorV3 women). Entry fee IS S2Iperson. Enjoy a fun·ljled day of lood, 
maybe surprised! t2-t :30pm. Women's Cenfer Led by Relationship Peer musIC, and fun 00 MLir F,eld 
Counselors. Sponsored by Psychologicat and Counsefing SeNtces. Ongoing 

..... , ..... -0.-0 .... ~ .~' ~!~ K Plan • San Diego Film FntiYII- MlndI¥Ite Audltonum, Bpm Films change. call 534-4090 lor more 
• _ ............... : .. , ... ..,.,... ..... ' ..... IVUIV~: your strategy fifo 
and get your questions answered. TopICS 'Mil Include the apphcabon . 
bmeine, paper Ind COOlpUter appilClloons, choosing schools and reler- • wa,nt to get a headstart on the. weekend? Get Inon IIle eXCItement at the lllilroom D~ 
ence litters. 2:,at Career Se Center. 5:M-4939. Club I Fun SIIIIonII Every Fn Imm 3-Spm. In the North Balcooy of the Malll Gym. It s 
• ~ ": Ewrythrng er wanpknOw1' 1100k'1 he · T rtn8rOl eXT 

at least 

for 

a 

of 

Monday, April 13, 1998 

BREWERY: 
Catch of the day is a 
gamble worth taking 
ContlnufHI from ..... 9 
apples and gorgonwla cheese and 
you have a sa lad that any picky 
eater wi II love. 

The brown ,li e chi cken 
($ 12.5U) i a safe bet if you are 
not looking for so mething too 
adventurous. The chicken breast 
is tender and juicy and topped 
with a wonderfully rich. hrown 
ale sauce loaded with sauteed shi-
itake mushrooms. 

The UCSD Guardian FEATURES II 

If you can spa re a few dollars 
more, try the tenderloin with 
roasted gar li c ( 17 .95). This 
smoked rilet of heef is deliciously 
tender and cooked to perfection. 
The garl ic adds a wonderful , aro-
matic fla vor that lingers aft er each 
succulent bite. If that isn' t enough, 
it is topped with ,I rich and creamy 
Jack Daniels gorgonzola crea m 
sauce. 

Dave Lubitz/ Guardian 
Exp.rts at work: Although Rock Bottom 's expertise lies in its specia lty home-brewed ales, the diverse and creative menu reflects 
carefully chosen dishes that complement the comfortable atmosphere. 

If you like fish, take a chance 
and try the catch of the day. You 
may be lucky enough to be served 
the gri lied mahi mahi ($ 14.95) 
stuffed with a basi l and crab mix-
ture. The Inahi mahi is delicious 
and flaky ; the crab stuffing is out-
standing. 

The chef used for the mahi mahi 
stuffing the crab mixture from 
another item on the menu, the 
Golden Gate crab melt ($8.95). 
This snow crab - blended with 
chet:se, onions and spices - is an 
interesting and delectable combina-
tion with the mahi mahi . 

All entrees are served with a 
choice of cheddar mas hed potatoes, 
french fries or rice a long with the 

vegetable of the day, The mashed 
potatoes are especia lly tasty. Each 
entree is attra l.: ti vely presented 
alongside a I.:o lorful mix of fresh 
vegetables. 

The I.:avatappi Jack with porto-
bello mushrooms ($ 10.50), another 
Rock Bottom specialty, carries a 
rich Ilavor. Cavatappi is a 
corkscrew-shaped pasta tossed 
with meaty portobellos, green 
onions and pine nuts. 

Served with a slice of Rock Bot-
tom's double-cheese garlic bread 
and topped with a pungenl Jack 
Daniels gorgonzola sauce similar 
to the sam.:e that tops the tender-
loin, the cavatapp i is not a dish for 
the squeamish or dieting diner. For 
I ht: lover of !.:ream sauces, however, 
it is a dream come true. 

While it may be dirficult, try to 

1/ yorr dOll'r kllow ask. 
Whell YOII do, ask someolle wlro kllows . P/alllled Parelll/lOod. 

They IrC/I 'C allfhe allswers, hecau,~e rhey Ril'e fire res/so 
Prepare yourself PmfeN YO llr.l'clf 

1( .\' 1'011/' re'polisihi/jl y 241Z 

sa ve room for dessert. The I.: hoco-
late raspberry cake ($3.95) is a 
chow late brownie in a raspberry 
puree and topped with vanilla ice 
cream. Delicious and not too rich to 
limit diners 10 only a few bites. it 
will disappear quickly. 

This delectable concoction is 
surpassed though. by the deep-
dish apple pie ($4.25), which is 
indisputably out standing . This 
sour-c ream apple pi c with a 
crumb topping, act.:Ompanied by 
ci nnamon ice cream is a winner. A 
word of caution : If ordered, Ihi s 
dessert will rind its way into your 
stomach regardless of how fu II 
you Ihink you are. 

To a~l.:Ompa ny its excellent 
food, ROl.:k Bottom offers a range 
of it s own unique beers. One 
might be im:lined to order ~~e beer 

sampler ($4.50), which offers 4-
ounce tumblers of Rock Bottom's 
five beers brewed right on the 
premises. 

Don' t mi ss the Long Board 
Brown, a chestnut brown ale 
boasting a Tootsie Roll -like 'fla -
vor. Or try the Rag Top Red, a 
ruby-red beer with a toasted-
almond flavor. Also of note is the 
Black Seal Stout, a full -bodied, 
ebony beer, remini scent of dark 
choco late. 

If you are interested in leaming 
how the restaurant 's beer is 
brewed, Rock Bottom offers a tour 
of the brewery. Happy hour is 
Monday through Thursday from 4-
6 p.m, and again from I O~p,m . to 
midnight. Happy houf 6ccr prices 
are $2.25 per,..pirtfand $8 ,50 for a 
pitcher. ' 

~ 

Rock Bottom orfers a mix or 
eXl.:e llent food , relaxed atmosphere, 
good beer and friendly service. 
With hours from 4 p.m. to I a.m. 
Monday through Thursday, 4 p.m. 
10 2 a.m. Friday and Saturday and 
closing at midnight on Sunday~, 
Rock Bottom is a festive alterna-
tive to UCSD's much-frequented 
T.G.! . Friday's. Rock Bottom will 
begin serving lunch as of April 20, 

The menu is a bil pricey, but il is 
worth ii, as Ihe portiunS'are large 
enough for leftovers at lunch the 
next day. ... 

Rock Bottom is located at 8980 
Villa La Jolla. The kitchen stops 
serving the main menu two hours 
before closing, eXl.:ept for pizza, 
which is served until one hour 
before closing. Call 450-9277 ror 
more infonnation, 

Geetings and Salutations! 
How much do you love Sierra Summit 
Restaurant? Pierre and I love it a Gozonga 
Cinnamon Roll worth, and that's a lot! The last 
time Pierre and I ate lunch at Sierra Summit 
Restaurant, Pierre decided to scarf a huge freshly 

transmissable 
carved ham sandwich on focaccia bread from Cut Above. 
Man, that sandw ich was overflowing with juicy ham, lettuce, 
tomatoes, sprouts, and chedd.ar and Swiss cheese! Ooh-La-
La! It looked so good I snuck a bite while Pierre was eyeing 
the sushi platter at the next table. 

in ections. 
RcdCCllIlhl) cuupon al your next appoJlllnlcnt for one or lhe~ ilcm~: 

• ~rec Pregnancy Te,"ng & (oll,,<,Cllng 
• 2 DOlcn forCe Condoms • 2 Months Free 8inh oolrol 

• to'N off HtV& STI le"'"g 
E,,( ludr, Pre nl lli and Abor1lOft Sf",ll~~ 

Offer , 000 (Of new pal l(nl ~ onl~ bplrt\ 6/.VJ/98 

I indulged my fancy in the roasted garlic chicken 
pizza, a huge Death-by-Chocolate brownie, and 
a black cherry slushy. The pizza was made especially 
for me so it was fresh and steaming, Yummy-Rool 
Need I even mention the brownie? It was so big and rich, 
moist and chocolately, and melt-in-your-mouthity that it was 
a milk commercial waiting to happen! If all these scrumptious 
tasties sound good, you'll love the other great foods offered 
at Sierra Summit Restaurant like made-to-order stirfry, Lean 
Cuisine entrees, pastas with a variety of sauces, assorted ice 

muffins, bagels, cakes, cookies, churros, 
doughnuts, tossed salads, sushi, and much 

Love, 
~retchen 



12 FEAnJRES 

Arena 
How do you feel about 
Newt Gingrich's visit? 
Interviews by Peggy Lee 
Photography by Usa Huff 

"There's going to be a lot 
more political activity only 
because so many people 
don'llike him," 

Amy Weinstein 
Roosevelt Sophomore 

"I think it \ cool but [ 
don't hclic\t: in what he ha~ 
to say, J don't lik.e hi" polit-
ical belief.,. He 's a lillie too 
right-winged. " 

Brett Lurix 
~~~~~~~~~--::R;;eveffe Sophomore 

"It's nice because we get 
national recognition, But I 
know Clinton was only 
here 10 propagate Proposi-
ti n 209, so I wonder what 
poli tical agenda Gingri h 
has for being here, " 

Helena Tang 
Revelle Senior 

"I don't think he's a good 
represcntati ve of th is 
school becau:c we ' re an 
institu tion that's supposed 
to promote student welfare 
and I don I thi nk he does 
any of that in any of hi s 
policies." 

Parul Desai 
Marshall Junior 

"I don 't particularly like 
him or his policies, person-
ally, But it's great if we can 
establiSH th is campus as a 
place where nalionalleaders 
come to speak. whether we 
like them or nol. I would 
have fell more comfortable 
with somebody who wa a 
great intellectual leader." 

KatjIIU .......... r. 

The UCSO Guardian Monday, April 13, 1998 

The Editor's Soapbox 
Kids, Leave Yourselves Open To The 
Infinite Possibilities Available To You 
By Walt Dickinson Design Editor 

Wait, yeah ... hold on and shut 
up for a second, I want to talk to the 
kids for a moment. That's ri ght, 
you first-year freshman ou t there, 
li sten up. 

Thi s week's lesson is specifical-
ly geared toward those among us 
who will shortly b..: wrapping up 
their first year at UCSD. 

Here it is in a nutshell : Don 't get 
100 allachcd to UCSD. You've taken 
quite a few dasses by thi s point and, 
hopefu lly, you have got some idea 
as to where you are hcaded, but 
don't limit yourse lf unles~ you are 
truly t.:Onfident aboul your direction. 

I ~ny thi~ bccau~e, bcfore you 
know it, you could be enlcring your 
,cn ior yea r Jnd Ii nd your~c I I' e~~cn­
tiallv dis~Jti,lIcd With Ihe option, 
l 'eS)) proVide, 

I'd Ii)..\: to Ihm).. tll<ll 11I~ ,((Ir) 
lan be applied 10 a Wide Vdfllt} 01 
CJ'e" hut II I, realh " 'lllr\ lor 

pe~lpk "ho nl,\)- ha vc m,llIe a 1111,· 
td~C In ch, ,mi nI:! [(,I,[) 

0\\, 1"111 nllt gOll1g to get into 
why I decid..:d to COlli": to Southcln 
Caillornia for higher cuucallon. I 
Wi ll lell you: il wa,n'l for Sail 
Diego 's ou t~tanding hiotechnology 
program or the wide variety of 
excellcnl Mexican cUI~ i nc. 

The fal.:t is that UCSD probabl y 
wasn 't the brightest idea for me 
and , oni,;e l lina lly accept cd thai I'd 

DRU HILL 

I wasn't happy, the 
cia .... I was taking 
weren't reflective of 
either my skills nor 
my Interests - and 
my grades suffered 
as a result. 
already bit off more of San Di ego 
Ihan I w uld chew. 

When J lirst arrived, my heart 
was set on comp ulcr ~c i ..:nce . So 
while working Illy way over ;\ 
mounlain of Relelblnduced gen -
eral educati on requircments, I 

pu~hed my prov.:rhl,\1 no,>e to the 
CSE grind,tone. 

A, lime l~orC on I began to 
ad,nm"k'd!!l' the obvIOUS fact th;t! 
(Olllpliter ,cien,'e llao .. n't taking IIlC 
Ilhe re I Ilantcd tll gll Hllwe\,cl, I 
Ulth"t want III gile up on Ihe major 
and ,1l.)..n(1l'.kdge the lact Ihatl had 
w,I'>ted m~ lillie .Indth,il I d ,t;!ltcd 
\ornclhtng I L1iLlII't wam Il) Illmh. 

V-dlllltll Ill) ,ewllll yeal I 11.\' 
, till pluwing llirough CSE. I wasn't 
h.lpPY, the clu.,se~ I wa. ta~1Il1.! 
weren'l rcllectilt: of cith'l my 
,krlb nor Illy iJ1l..:rc\t, - anLl my 
grades ,ulfcred as a result. 

It wa, clear by the end of my 
sewnd year thal w ille kinLl of dras-
lie change was in order. I thought 

about my options. J could drop out 
of UCSO and do almost anything 
else - work , travel, transfcr to 
other colleges. 

I could stay and changc my 
major, qui t my job or spend every 
waking minute of my co llegc expe-
rience forcing C++ intu my brain. 

In thc cnd I guess I decided to 
stay for thrc..: reasons. [ love my 
job, [ love San Diego and I've 
invc,teLl too much of myself in 
UCSD to just give up on It. 

SO that 's what I wantth..: kid, 10 
understand, U SD is a fabulous 
placc. Jt has got its problems, ju~t 
li ke anywher..:, but on the whoic it 
i, a great place in which 10 lealn. 

Uut It I,n ' t for evcryone. 
o ilthis IS only your third quar-

Icr hel": , and II )OU an: not happy 
,IIlLl YOIl can't lind Ihe kind t.1 

tlllllg~ you would love to learn In 
t h..: L'C~[) cdtaillg, lea\l.!. 

Don ' t squandel your va luable' 
"-"mlllg ) car, here. FinLl ;1 piau: 
II> Ill'rl' ) ()U can learn abnul II hat 
you lole ami L1on'tl 'clllkc YI)U arc 
ka'lng lIeso h..:hinLl. 

Anyw,\) )"iLl~. that b whal I 
\\ anlcd 10 ,hare with )'ou. It i\ too 
late for me to escape, I'm too 
attacheLl now. J ustthink about your 
opliolls. You ca n L10 anything, you 
can go anYWhere, be anyonc. It' s 
chcesy bUI it 's true. 

FIND 
Roommates 

Tickets 

Cars 

Bikes 

Deals 

tenls 

Rentals 

Stereos 

Surlboards 

Auto Repair 

Sale 

Jobs 

Rooms 

Typing 

Babysitters 

omputers 
UNCLE SAM, DESTINY'S CHILD & MYA ·SAN DIEGO'S P'l..AC£ FOR ENT'fItrNNIlfENr 

__ .~,.".,c.om 

San Diego Sports Arena 
~~~ 
__ '.1 •• ID ... u, 

DALnGMI, .... -wa 
.," "''IIlII1II1I _ftD 
_' .... I. _ 

Tickets available at the Arena Box Office 
and all Ticketmaster locations. 

San Diego Sports Arena Info, (619) 224-4176 
www.sandiegoarena.com 

Tutors 

and more in 
The G/Ulrdion 

Cllissineds. 
Wbatdo 

JO" need? 

n.. ........ 
upstairs In the 
Student Center 

aboYe the 
General Store. 

~~~ .... !dII ..... f" ~~~C~~'!!!~l. p'rqftt~sf(Jr ,.. .• . 
.. .. .. ,. .. .. .. .... ' ... " •••• ,. . f . t .... fl. ~ _, .. ~ ................ "'._ ..... ~ ..... "/, .. "- ~ A ..... "'! ""A.A;" ! ~ ........ -!' ~ " •• ~ .. ";-." ••• : .. ,:.,,~ .. : ~'.~";"' ~". :- :. ,. .......... ~- .. : .. ; ... / .... ~ . .. : .. : ...... : .• :.:.' ..... : •• :.: ... . 

Monday, Apri I 13, 1998 Thc UCSD Guardian 

Psycho Therapy 
How does one remain 
irrepressibly young-at-heart? 
By Mary Higgins Senior Staff Writer 

Two dOl.en sirange-iooki ng men 
anLl women invaLlcLlthc Pricl: Ccn-
tcr during the lunch hour tenth 
week or last CJuarter. 

"Looks like the pr..:-mcds have 
escaped from thl! library again ," I 
thought to myself a~ I mum;hed on 
my Tia Molly burrito. 

pon closer examination, I real -
ized thesc pcculiar visitOl'~ were 
wearing jumpsuit~ and giant grecn 
masks shapcd li ke Easter Island 
heads. Some 01' them swatt..:d eaeh 
other with long, Styrofoam "noo-
dl es" as they Ilm:adt:d Ihrough thc 
crowds. 

reatures I'rom outer spacc? 
Disgruntled cu lt mcmbers'! 

For several Illinut e~, they con-
glomc ral ed in rront of thc book-
sto rc and I waited eagerly ror tbe 
mother ship tll arrive . Then they 
disappeareLl up the ~tair~ <l nLl I 
was len in a statl! 01' wonder and 
awe. 

I may never know Ihe truth 
behin d thi ~ incident (a lthough a 
friend or mine theorileLl that the 
visit or, might have bcen from a 
biza rre and distant planet ca lled 
the Vi~ual Arts Departlllcnt ). I' ve 
been searching for a d..:cper mean-
ing. Who were th..:y'! Why were 
Ihey here'! The on ly conclusion 
I' ve drawn is Ihi ~: if coo l stuff 

lik~ thi s happcncd on a regu lar 
bas i~ , I'd prohahly COIll": to cam-
pus lIlore I han o n~e c very III her 
week. 

I n fact, I highly r~colllmelld tliat 
studen" ~tart ~holl'ing up to that 
class in CO~I Ullle, 1' 111 willing to het 
nOlle 01 u, would fall a~lecp in lec-
IlIr~ if there wa\ a gia llt chicken 
taking Ilo t e~ two rows down. If any 
of you try thi s, please hav..: your 
photo taken with yo ur professor 
and senti a I.:o py 10 me at Ihl! 
Guardial/. 

It would be even funni er If ;1 
profcssor wer..: to lecture in co~­
tume. TIMt would be ~o awesome. 

Prok~sor~ ~ou ld even "thelllc-
dress" II) (;oincidc wi lh the!r lec-
ture. For examp le, anthI0f!t;logy 

Personally, I'm 
feeling as if the 
University of 
California Is sucking 
the lifeblood right 
out of me this 
quarter. 

prolc~~or~ could dre~~ up a, can-
dcrthals. 

SOlllething silly might bc the 
hrl!a th of fres h air Ihat SO 
neeLls. Personally, I' m feeling a~ if 
the University of Ca lifornia i~ 

~ ucking Ihe lilchl ood ri ghl out of 
Ill": thi~ qual1er. I can almost sec 
President Atkinson now with an IV 
drip and several units of Ill y ery-
IhrOl:ytes pumping into his capi llar-

i ~s. 
For examplc, laSI wcek I bou ght 

fiw lex t books, thre..: read..:rs and 
two sets or pra~1 i(;e exams. By Ill y 
count , that 's ahout S,OOO pages. I 
have every intenti on of finishing all 
that reading, Urnm .... ri ght. 

Somconc told Ille oncc that if 
you glanced at every painting in the 
Louvre for only a second , it would 
take several years to sec thc entire 
museum . I kind of feel that way 
about my books ; I'm like a tourist 
who only wants to SlOp long 
enough III dll!ck out Ihc "Mona 

Li~a," 
I look at Ihe pile of work Ihat 
neeLl~ to be donc and ~utlLlenly I 
have 111Is irrcpressihle need for 
everyone els..: 10 be just as mis..:r-
able as I am, 

My fri ends gO I me out of my 
apartllll!nt 1;lst week and dragged 
me downt own to a dan (;e cluh . 

"Wh y arc all thesc people out 
drinking on a wee knight '!" I grum-
bled. "Don ' t they have to go to 
work'!" 

I think 1' 111 just gc tting old. 
Ouri ng spring break, I "relaxed" 
by attending a Hi ggi n ~ ' famil y 
reullion. This yea r was th..: fir" 
time I w,lsn ' l onc of thc youngest 

people there. Sympathetically, 
watched my juv..: nile cousins get 
harassed by the elder~ with CO I11 -
mcnts likc, "Gosh Georgie, that 
baby fat i ~ just melting ri gh t 
away." 

I was introduccd to my younger 
Cousin Ahby who is now Ihrec 
inches taller than I. 

"Wow, you' vc rea ll y grm n up," 
I exclai mcd, wi thout thin)..in g. 
"La,t I i me I saw you, you wcrc ju~t 
a lillk babyl" 

My 11101T1 gave me a funny look , 
At L1il1 ner, another cou~in wa~ 

bei ng mer~i less ly teas..:d about her 
many talloo,. 

Leaping to her defense, I piped 
up, " I got a tatt oo when I wa, 
young'" 

My mom ncarly choked on a 
bread roll. 

"Mary, that wa, harLlly a y.:ar 
ago!" she rcminded Ille, much to 
Ill y cmharrass lll .: nl. 

Since Ihen, I'vc noticed lII y~elr 
sayi ng a 101 of things like, "when I 
was a kid," and "when you get to 
he my age" - you'd Ihink I was in 
my 90s anLlnot Illy 20s. 

The tinal straw wa~ when I wa, 
driving south on Interstatc Sand 
was cutoff' by a hunch or guys in a 
red pick-uJltruck . 

"Oamn kids I" I ye ll ed , belore 
clapping my hand over Ill y mouth 
in horror. It wa, as ir I'll ~udde l1l y 
been posse,scd by til ;l t ohnoxiou" 
lady IWXI door who co mplaln~ 
when I re v my <:ar enginc in the L1ri -
veway. 

I hope to exorci~e the demon 
soon becau,e I can'l takc l11uch 
morc or this. I actually gOI into a 
conversa ti on recentl y ahOUI th ~ 
price or loi Ict paper. 

Anyway, I have to go now, This 
arthriti ~ is killing me. 

Mill:\, Ifi~~ills will spend fl!l' 
1'1'.1'1 of IIII' qllarter in a cOll va ll':\'-
Cl'lit home where she (,llll clIlI/plaili 
aboul hllw her falllily II l'ver cOllies 
10 \'i.l'il. Please send her a pllir of 
kllilliliM Ileedle.l' alld a /lib/! of Bell-
Gay. 

LIKE A GOOD NEIGHBOR, 
STATE FARM IS THERE 

Looking for more 
than a "summer job?" 
The State Farm Insurance Companies of the Greater Cal iforn ia Region have 
openings for paid summer internships, offering hands-on business experience 
in our Regional Office in Bakersfield and in various field locations. 

Please visit Career Services for recruiting dates and additional information, 
or mail/fax your resume to: 

STATE FARM INSURANCE 
900 Old River Road, Bakersfield, CA 93311 

Phone: (805)663-2617 Fax: (805)663-2609 
, Send to ATTN: Nita Brazzell 

su ." ' AIM 

A 
I HSOU.AH <&, .... 

FEATURES 13 

surfboards, bodyboards 
wetsuits, swimsuits 

clothing, sk teboards 
snorkle get!! d more 

DO WHAI II lAKES 
Start by Attending 
Lewis Associates' 

~rce Seminar 

Tuesday, April 21 s t, 7 PM 
Liebow Auditorium 

2Hd Floor Bilsic 5cimm BuildiHg 
UHillmily of Cilli/o m ill , 51111 Diego 

Refreshme nts Provided 

1'0 BECOME A DE.I'ISI', PHYSICIA., 
PHYSICIA. ASSISI'A.I', 

OR WE'rERI.ARIA. 

Lewis Associates is a preprofessional health advising enterprise 
dedicated to the successFul placement of stl,ldents by Dr, Cynth ia Lewis. 

Cosponsored by _diU,,_ 
Information available by phone 619·497·2500 or by e·mail cllewis@ct5.com 

~,-' 'I-=I-C AUTO FV aa... • SERVICE 
Q"~ lIty & Service Guaranteed 

- .S MOST POPULAR 
OIlE :l~~:VICE CENTERS 
Honesty is Our # J Priority 
Complete auto repair, all makes and modefs 

European • Japanese • Domestic 
Approved leased vehicle service. A5E certified for: 
• ENGINE REPAt R AND PERFORMANCE D IAGNOSIS 
• A UTO TRANSMISSION /TRANSAXLE 
• M ANUAL TRAN SMISSION/CLUTCH 
• SUSPENSIO N AND STEERI NG 
• COMPLETE B RAKE JOBS 
• El ECTRICAL/ ELECTR'ONtC SYSTEMS 
• H EATING AN D A IR C ONDtTION ING 
• COMPLETE M AtNTENANCE A N D SCHEDULED SERVICES 

& more. Call 'or an appointmentl 

-------, Mention th is ad and receive a 
3S-PT_ COMPLETE I 
TRAVEL & SAFETY 
INSPECTION FREE I 
_______ :.1 

ell"'" Motor Oil 

FREE 
TOWING 

Call for d<:'lal" 

r 5 minute' from UCSDI Take La Jolla Village eo,', il tum, inlo Miramarl 

7118 MIRAMAR ROAD, SUITE B 
888-S-FIX CAR/SBS-7SS2 
FOJI.: 566-7553. • OI'fN., DAYS A WDJ( • Mon,·Sat. 8:00 ·6:30, Sun. 9·6 

- ~ ~ (./ U ( S () 
_ 11f"\( f( I (1/1 '(1/1' 



14 SPORTS 

Logicon has Q Blockbuster idea! 

ENGINEERING • MATH • COMPUTER SCIENCE 
Make the most of your education, imagination and abilities by joining the 
Logicon team. We bring innovative Ideas to the forefront, in a small team 
environment where your opinions will be heard and appreciated. 

Logicon, a subsidiary of Northrop Grumman Corporation, provides advanced 
technology systems to support national security, civil and industrial needs. 
As a leader in tomorrow's technologies, we can offer you a huge spectrum 
of projects and locations. 

Sign up at the career Placement Office today, for a session that will be music 
to your ears! 

If you can't meet with us on campus, please send your resume to: Logicon, 
Inc., Professional Staffing, Dept. UCSD,222 W. 6th St., San Pedro, CA 90731. 

Visit us at: www.logicon.com 

LOGICON 
A SiJbsidiaryof NoIthrop Grummln 

Equal Opportunity Empl~r MlFION. U.S. Gtizenship required. 

UCSD Class Rinas 
Take advantage of the opportunity to personally meet with 
a manufacturer's representative on the days shown below. 
You can check-out UCSD class rings and discuss a style 
that suits you the best. If you meet with a rep and purchase 
a ring during Grad Week's Price Point Sate you'll be able 
10 save up to S 120.00. 
ArtCarved Rings Price Point Sale 

April 13-17 • IOam·3pm 

More Opportunities to Meet 
with an 

ArtCarved Representative 
May 5-7· June 10-14 

lOam-3pm 

Di >Ioma Fl'amin o 
The UCSD Bookstore has a huge assonment of cool covers, 

plaques and framing options for your diploma. And WE 
MAKE IT EASY by framing 
the diptoma and ending it to 
you in the mail ! Our vendor, 

Preservations, will wood 
mount & permanently 
taminate your di ploma 

for just $64.07. Price 
includes tax and shipping too for 

8.5"xll" . Diploma covers only SI1.50 each (+t3X). 
POl'tl'aits 

Avoid the rush in June. Gel your porlrairs raken during 
Grad Week. Make it official by giving your friends and 
family a UCSD ponraittaken in your cap & gown by 
California Candids-our profe sional photographers. They' ll 
be set-up on the econd floor of the UCSD Bookstore on: 

pril13 & 17· 12:30pm-4pm 
June 10, II, 12 ' 12:30-4pm & June 13 · IOam-2pm 

-There's no 
obligation to buy, 

no silt i ng fee is 
required and 

the cap & gown 
will be provided. 

Cel'(,J1lony F('('!'i 
The University's Undergraduat 
Ceremony fee is S7.34 which is paid 
at the time you rent your cap &: gown. 

The UCSD Guardian Mond ay, April 13, 199 

Tritons Lose A Squeaker 
JUST SHORT: Cardiac kids finally drop a close one, falling 6-5 to Redlands 
By John Maynard 
Staff Writer 

For the past two wceb, the Tri-
t o n~ hit ve heen on it ro ll. If they 
were down laIc in the game, they'd 
lind a.way to bri ng enough 
men acro~, the plate. I r 
Ihei r orpon en t ~' pitching 
lagged, the Tn to n ~ would 
make them pay. 

nfortunate ly, on 
Thursday the Triton, hi t a 
blimp in the road. 

Arter three wins in a 
row, including a formida-
ble 16- 1 smashing of Clare mont 
College, th ings ~ I owed down for 
the Tritons Thursday, as they Id l to 
the Uni versi ty of Redlands, 6-5. 

"It was a rea ll y tough l o~s for 
us," lirst baseman Eric Pangelinan 
said. "Being a Di vi~ i on 1/1 game, it 
was an important victory." 

What Pange linan was refe rring 
10 were the Tritons' pl ayoff hopes. 
Though not <.:ompl ete ly out of 
reach, Thursuay's loss made Illak-
i ng the postseason an even tougher 
lask. 

Making the playo ffs is sort of 
. arbitrary. Ra ther than hei ng solely 

based on wins and los,e, . the tealm. 
arc pided. Thi s i, good for UCSD, 
as its overa ll record i, n' t perh:c t at 
10- 14. 

PlayolT hopes res ide in how the 
Tritons faired aga inst Division III 
teams. 

"Although we 're really going to 
have to win the rest of our games to 

a celebratory week 

make the playoffs. we do have an 
edge over a lew tea ms," Pange/ inan 
said. "Cal Lu i~ probahly the top 
tca m. hu t we do have an edge over 
Redla nds and Concordia. Si nce 

we' re even with Chapman, 
our nex t game aga i n ~t 
them i~ even more impor-
tant ." 

Despi te Thursday's 
clm,e 6-5 lo ~~, the TritOn> 
stil l carry an edge over 
Redlands, as they smoth-
ered the Bulldogs 26-9 in 
their last Illeeting. 

Ge ll ing back 10 Thursday's loss: 
the Tri tons fought to the fini sh, a. 
they al ways do; however thi , time, 
luck was not on the i r side. 

UCSD got olT to a tough , ta rt as 
Triton , ta rt er Michael Bedar strug-
gled at the mound . Th rough hi s 
th ird of an inni ng, Bedar had diffi · 
cult ies throwi ng it over the plate, 
giving up 4 wa lk s. 

Fortu nately, this only led to 2 
Bulldog ru ns, tiS Bedar's repl ace-
ment, Eddie Ishak, carne in and 
forced a double play to end the 
tnni ng. 

The Tritons kept the game with-
in I run in the boltolll of the li rs t as 
Mark Mason's , ncrili ce Ily to left 
fie ld s<.:ored Pangelinan. Mason 
currentl y leads the Tritons wi th 46 
RBIs. 

The Triton defense kept the 
Bulldogs fro m reading ho me 
through the next two innings . Ishak 
marked his 39 th UK" of the season 

in the sewnd inning, . trr ki ng ou t 
the Bulldog 's leadolf hi ll er. 

In the meantime, the Tri tons 
<.:augh t up to the l3 u l l dog~ in the 
hollom of the thi rd. Pangeli nan's 
chopper to s<.:co nd scored leftlield-
er George Escanuelas, who tri ph.:d. 

Unfortunate ly, beforc the Tri-
ton~ cou ld score again , the Bull -
dogs found thei r way home three 
more tim~s, taking a 5-2 lead int o 
thl! b Oil om of the ~ i xth inn ing. 

J n the bollom of the sixth, the 
Tritons showed some offensive life, 
as they scored twice. Second base-
man Kenny Fl uhart y and des ignat-
ed hiller Tony Lin ea<.:h had RBls. 

The Bulldogs ~cDred again in 
the top of thl! eighth, stretching 
the i r lead to 2 runs, 6-4. 

Judgi ng by thc way the Tritons 
have performed in thl! stretch, a 
comeback was not an unreasonable 
hope. 

However, it was not 10 be. 
Though the Tri tons managed to get 
to within I run on a Jess Warri ng-
ton s i nglc , UCSD 's comehack fe ll 

~ horl. 
"It was a goou back-and-forth 

game," Pange linan said. 'The game 
could have gone ei ther way, but 
unfortunately, it just didn ' t happen 
fo r us." 

UCS D has a busy sched ule th is 
week , includi ng a few make-up 
games. On Saturday, the Tritons 
will try to get the inside edge on 
Chapman , hosting the Panthers at I 
p.m. 

Win a UCSD Class Rin ! 
During Grad Week the UCSD Bookstore 

is raming off these very cool prizes - GOOD LUCK ! 

Enter to Win 
Apri I I J • Monday 

Just For You 
An Imported Italian Diploma Frame 

Embossed with the University Seal· $124,95 Value 
April 14· Tuesday 

.pon.ored by the 
UCSD Bookstore 

• April 131 Monday 
20% off gifts and clothing 

• April 14ITuesday 
20% off resume & career books 

• April 15 1 Wedne day 
20% off all l'Chool, office & art supplies 

• April t 61 Thur day 
20% off Cro 5 Pens with free engraving 

while you wait! • 10am- pm 

• April 17 1 Friday 
20% oil emblemalics: glassware, diploma 
frames, SD logo items, clocks, license 
plate frames. key chains. & lots more 

Cap & Gown Rental with Ceremony Fee· 527.00 Value 

April 15 · Wednesday 
UCSD Alumni License Plate Frame· $34.50 Value 

April 16 • Thursday 
CROSS Chrome PenlPencii Set 

with UC Seal & Engraving· $48.00 Value 
April 17 • Friday 

A UCSD 10K Class Ring 
Ladies $380.00 Value or Man's $420.00 Value 

Commencement Announcements 
Commencement announcements are available NOW. 

Option 1: 

Option 2: 

Personalized announcements pri nted wi th your 
name, major and degree: S42 .95/25 ' 58.6015. 
To order Optio,n 1 & 2 call: 800.433.0296 
Trad itlonat announcements are 
ava; tab te at the Bookstore too: 
S 1.25 each' 59.95110. 
Name cards: 52 t .951 O. 

Meet with the Manufacturer's Representative 
Aprit t3 & t4 ' tOam-4pm 
ApntlS· tOam-6pm 

Thank You & Note Cards 
Recognize those who helped you achi eve your goal and 
express your gratitude with cia s and tyle: S11.95125. 

Bachelor cap and gown will be available at the UCSD 
Bookstore June Ithru June 14. Rental fee are 19.66 
(include tax and a tassel that you keep). Extra tassles are 
avai lable for 4.00 plu tax. 

Monday. April 13, 1998 

SOFTBALL: 
Tritons fini h 
tournament 2-3 
Continued from page 20 

Jacobs stopped the blceding, but 
without any run support , the game 
was already over. The 7-0 dcfeat 
dropped the Tritons to 1-2 for the 
tournament. 

When it f<lin , it pours, and the 
weather didn ' t get any better for 
UCSD in the next contes!. In a per-
forrnan<.:e identical to that of the 
last game, the Divi sion I University 
of San Diego heat up on the Tri-
tons, 8-0. 

Allison Jacohs continued to 
strugg le, giving up 14 hit s and 8 
runs in just s ix innings. The offense 

GOLFERS: 
Team getting into 
postseason swing 
Continued from page 20 

Greg Johnson found some trou-
ble before he even teed off. In hi s 
zeal to perfec t hi s pUlling stroke the 
night before, John son forgo t to 
bring his pUller along and was 

fo r~cd to usc an old , used·up pro 
shop loaner named "the Z~bra put-
ter." A rea l pUller would have t;Os t 
some money and he ing a UCSD 
student , Johnson has signed hi s life 
savings away to the Regents. 

Triton Head Coach Mike 
Wydra , though, carne 10 the rescue 
and provided Johnson with a puller 
similar to his own at the third hole , 
helping Johnson shoot a 73 -
good for fourth ·best on the day. 

Kevin Pietri earned a chan<.:(! to 
play on Thursday after silling out 
the Antcater Tournament and made 
the most of it - shooting a 70 -
good for Medalist honors. 

"Everyone was a lillie down 
after the Irvine Tourney. but we 

al so struggled, again managing 
only 4 hits and no runs. As Friday 
cnded, UCSD st i II had not sco red a 
11tn a ll day and had dropped to 1-] 
overa ll. 

" l lOld the girl s 10 take the night 
off 10 think about what they 'were 
pl aying for and think about what 
ea<.: h and everyone of them could 
do to make t hcmselves beller: ' 
Head Coach Palli Gerckens said . "1 
wanted them to be stronger and 
ready to play." 

The pcp talk seemed 10 work as 
the team came out Saturday with a 
fresh outlook and an improved will 
to win. 

In the fifth-place gamc. UCSD 
rehoundeu and won, 5- 1, over the 
same CSUDH squad that had beat 
it on Thursday. 

know we have to start shooting 
we ll in order to do well at Nation· 
als," Pietri said . 

Captain Greg Uhcruaga shook 
off a recent slump with a 7 1. Darin 
Sullivan 's 72 was a shot beller than 
Jeremy Byrd's strong 73 and Jamcs 
Donahoe lini shed with a 78. 

" Rcdlands shot a rea l good 
round . hut we still beat 'em like a 
tOIll -to m drum ," Wydra ~a id . 
"I Johnson I told me the Zebra wa~ 
linc, but it looked more suited fllr 
mashi ng potatoes. So I got him a 
puller that was almost identical to 
his own. But o f course, he blames 
me for not shooting lower." 

Friday gave UCSD a chance to 
hos t Claremont-Mudd-S<.:ripps 
(CMS ) and hated rival Point Loma 
Nazarene College at Torrey Pines 
Golf Course, just a pedal away 
from North Parking . Playing on a 
much tougher course than Red-
lands, the Tritons were not able to 
break 300, but thei r IOta I score of 
304 was 5 shots better than the Cru-
saders and 27 strokes better than 
CMS. 

Ryrd shot another solid 73 on 

The UCSD Guardian 

The wi n captured lifth place 
overa ll for the Tritons and ended 
the weekend on a high nOle. 

"We really needed th;ll win." 
Gcrckens sa id. "It rea ll y hroug ht us 
back toge ther as a team. We <.:ou ld 
have very casi Iy given lip aft er 
bei ng men.:y-ruled by Dominguez 
Hill s be fo re. but we persevered." 

The win and the game carne ju ~ t 
in time as the remaining thi rd-place 
and first-place games of the Power-
bar Classic were rained OUI. 

UCS D rai sed its record to 17- 12 
and remains in a good posi tion for 
the postseason . Thl! Tritons' nex t 
game is against rival USD, who just 
hamrm:red UCSD in th e C lassic. 

Hope fully, the Tritons can keep 
- thei r intensity and ave nge the loss 

wi th a pair 01 wins. 

thc tough South course to earn 
Medali st honors. His day didn ' t 
~ t a rt we ll , as he ho ked his lirst 
shot olT the tee. After almost taking 
out his ankle with the 160-yard tee 
shot , he regrouped and shot one of 
hi s best rounds of the year. 

Uheruaga carne in sc(;ond for 
the second straight day wi th a 76, 
foll uwed by Pietri (77 ). Sull ivan 
(78) anu Donahoe (79 ). 

''Th i ~ tL!arn has lots of depth and 
we get a long real well ," Uhcruaga 
~a id . "1 th ink we need to play some 
!l INe tourn ament s ou tsi de our 
sc il l!uuIc in order to reall y get used 
to car h other:' 

With the lationals and perenni -
al wi nner Methodi st College just a 
month away, UCSD is focused on 
repeating it s IlJ93 title run . 

"We know Methodist is going to 
shoot 295s every day, so we have to 
step it up," Pietri said. "We can' t 
follow up rounds of 73 and 72 with 
7lJs and ROs. We' ve always had 
great team <.:hemistry since I' ve 
been here, anu we need to go out 
and shoot as a team if we' re going 
to have a shot." 

SPORTS 15 

• ~m ~~ooi~r is,JuL-.,m 
COSTA 8505 Costa Verde Blvd. • 587·4844 

X~~~I ~ 
_"AI'f'~ 

UCSD 
L. Jott_ Iv i tt ••• ID r . 

"Ii W III ;; a: ! • ~ .. Jl 
* 

.. 
.. ~ It--- Nob.t .. 

'" 
a: 

OPEN 7 OAYS • ALL SOFT CLOTH WASH 
SHELL GASOLINE & DIESEL AT COMPETITIVE PRICES 

! ©ii\~rvi&~OO $1:99 
I COSTA & Turtle Wax Sealer J _Reg sll 
I VERDE Not valid with any other oller. SA'IE I 
I C \ ' W-\SI I Expires May 13. 1998. $5.01 \ 

~------------------ _____ I 

'1 Tour OperBtoril 
for 18·35yr okM 

You are invited 
Be a UCLA Bruin this summer! 

UCLA Summer Sessions offers: 
-------o Easy registration. No need to send any records or transcripts. 

Just complete a one-page form. 
o More than 500 cot.irses~rncl~dl·:--n-g.....,l~o-w-~r divislon:---

upper division and graduate level study. 
o Three convenien-t 6-~eek sessions and speciafS- and- lo-week 

sessions, designed to give .you plenty of time for vacation fun 
before or after your summer classes. 

o Smaller class sizes. 
o Classes that are n~t canceled because of low enrollment. 
o Full laboratory courses in PhysiCs, BIology and Chemistry. 
o Compressed study time. Complete 4 or 8 quarter units 

in just six weeks. 
o On-campus parking, housing andrhe use of aJI campus 

recreation facilities. 
o Language intensive allowing completion of a full year's 

tudy in one se sion. 
Registration fee (covers all three sessions): $260. 
Course fee: $95 per unit for mo t courses. orne are higher. 

For more information: 
Web Site: www.summer.ucla.edu 
E-mail: summer@ucla,edu 
Fax: (310) 794-8r60 
Phone: (3£0) 794-8333 
UCLA Summer Sessions 
Monday- Friday, 9 am- 5 pm 
1147 Murphy Hall 

Session A: June 29- August 7 
Session B: July 2O- August 28 
Session : August lO- September 18 

UCLA 
S-U M MER S E S S ION S 



16 CLASSIFlEDS The UCSD Guardian 

EVE N T S 
Save San Diego's Rural Lands & WildMfe ... 
and win a Free Lunchllnquire at Food Co-op. 
Phone 615-4411 . (4/13) 
Evolution or not? Decide for yoursen. Hear Dr. 
Behe speak Thursday, Apri l 16. 7pm. 
Mandeville. Tickets at Price Center. (4113·16) 

CLASSIFIEDS 
ANNOUNCEMENTS 

Ral .. up to S500 or more In one WMk. 
Fundralslng opportunit ies available . No 
financial obligation. Great for clubs . 
organizations, and motivated students. For 
more information call (888) 51·A·PLUS ext. 
51 . (2112·6/4) 

The UCSD Guardian reserves the right to classify . edit. delete offensive words and 
phrases. and/or refuse any and all advertisements without prior notification. The Advertiser 
will not hold the Guardian liable for any claims resulting Irom the publica lion of the 
advertisement. The publisher will also not be held accountable for any claim from an 
agreement made between the advertiser and the consumer. 
Copy should be reviewed by the advertiser for errors. In order 10 be correcled in Ihe next 
regular issue. all errors must be reported by the corresponding deadline. Credit will only 
be given for Ihe Inco rreci portion ollhe advertisement. There are no retunds lor cancellations. 
Pt ...... nd .11 corr •• pondenc. regarding CI ... llledl to: 

SUltalnability Sympollum Attend a 
Sustalnabitity Symposium on Strawbale 
Construction . Solar COOking, Organic 
Gardening, Apri1251h from 8AM to 7PM. $10 
Students. Proceeds help Habitat for Humanity 
build.str.wbale house. CaH Skip, (619) 565-
2603 fO( information. (4/2· 16) 

UCSD Guardian, AHn: Ct .. alfleda, 11500 Gilman DrIve '03111, La Joll •. CA 92093. 
Actu.' tocatton: Student Centar A, Room 217. 

PROGRAMMING AROUND MULTI 
CULTURAl THEMES: April 15th. J.4pm, Price 
CIr. Gatlery A. Learn how 10 respect other 
cultures while educating the general student 
body through programming. Presented by 
Pabto Mendoza, ERC Student Activities 
Coordinalor, Sponsored by Studenl 
Organizations & Leadership Opporlunities 
(SOLO). For mO(e info call 534-05Ot . (4/9·13) 

l:i I§:.~: I =t., an 
* ROUND TRIP COURIER FARESi' 
ondon $285 .... Ico $150 Hong Kong $389 
China $360 Sydney $520 Bangkok $370 

AIR COURtER INTERNATIONAL 
1-800-298-1230 24 hr 

WITNESSES: Anyone who saw the pedestr ian 
HIT AND RUN on Tues. April 7 at 3:30 p.m. at 
Voigt and Gilman please CALL UCSD POLICE. 
(419·13) 
The Episcopal Student Association meelS every 
Wednesday trom 5:00·6 :30pm. In Ihe 
International Student Center Conference Room 
for communion, Christian discussion, and free 
dinner. Sludents. faculty. and stall welcome. 
Call 534·6549 for i nf~~ation . (4/13) 
Get your See's Candy atthe Thurgood Marshall 
College Dean's Office for $1.00 and help 
support the TMC Scholarship Fund. (4/13) 

EMPLOYMENT 
Off·Campus Delivery Driver. Must havo own 
vehicle and proof of car insurance. MUSI be 
available tor 3·4 hours on Monday and 5·6 
hours on Thursday. Familiarity With San Diogo 
helpful but nOI required. Please call Ann al 
619·534·6845 or stop by Ihe Guardlan 's office 
localed In Room 217. Student Cenler above 
Soft Reserves. (4/13·20) 
INTERNATIONAL EMPLOYMENT· Teach 

basic conversaoonal English in Southeasl Asia. 
Excettent earnings + banef~s potential. Ask us 
howl (517) 324-3122 ext J59761. (3130-4116) 

www.4CRS.com 
Win a free computer 

Free service to 
College students 

EASTERN EUROPE EMPLOYMENT· Teach 
basic .conversational English in Prague, 
Budapesl & Krakow. Competilive wages + 
banefits. Ask us how! (5 17) 336·0626 ext. 
K59761. (3/30·4/16) 
CAMP WAYNE· Northeast Pennsylvania (61 
20·8/18198). Directors lor Drama. Camping! 
Nature , Goll. Counselors for: TenniS. 
Gymnastics, Sculpture, Guitar, Silkscreen, 
Jewelry. Batik, Calligraphy. Waterski. Sailing. 
Ropes, Basketball, Softball . Sell· Defense, 
Aerobics, Videographer, Group Leader. II you 
love children and have a skill to offer call 1·800· 
27g·3019. On Campus interviews, Apri l t61h al 
Career Services Irom 10-4pm. (3130·4/16) 

www.4CRS.com 
Get a job 
Free service to 

CoUege students 

Relire before you gradualel Learn aboul the 
company thaI best· seiling authors. doctors, 
and alhletes lOin. Call 1011 tree: 1·888·303· 
1449. (3/30-4116) 
$ t 500 weekly potential mailing our cuculars. 
No Experience AOQUIred. Free InlormallOn 
packer. Call 41 ~ 783·B279. (2/26·6/4) 
Fun Summer employmenl working on water. 
Office Personnel. Dock Attendants. Youlh 
Camp CounselOrs. Call for more Informal IOn. 

San Diego Vnitarmn VI@) Stud.,.t, ill vile YOII ... 

UCSD 
Unita(ian Universali s t 

FellOWShip 
NEXT MEETING; 
Tuesday, April 14, 1998, 7-8:30 p.m. 
UC Student Ctr, I st FIr North Conf Rm 
(across from Soft Reserves, next to ATMs) 

ilAffirming the inherent worth and digl/ity of all people" 
e-mail .. uuucampus@aol. cnm Phone: 298-9978 

Eye Allergies? 

Scripps Clinic, Divis ion of Opthamology i s conducting a research 
itchy, watery eyes. Participants must be: 

• 18 years of age or older 
• Alle rgic to cats: weed or gras 

Participant need not be experiencing symptoms now. 
Qualified volunteers will be paid. 

Mission Bay Sportcenter 488·1 004. (412· 16) 
FUN SUMMER JOBS Gain valuable 
experience working with children outdoors. 
We are looking for caring Summer Day Camp 
staff whose summer home is in the San 
Fernando or Conejo VllllY, Ventura, 
Clmarilto, Malibu or Simi Vatley. General 
Counselors & Specialists: swimming. horses, 
boating , fishing, ropes course, music, and more. 
SUII)mer salaries range $2,100-$3,200+. Call 
818·865-6263 or email CampJobsOaol.com. 
(412·5121) 

learn Bartending 

619-296-0600 
Need extra money? Excellent pay for medical 
studenls or residents to write board·style 
medical reView Quesltons. Send resume 10 
canulla@home.com Fax (602) 667·6035. (4/ 
2·16) 
MEN·AGES 18·24 for nude modeling and 
acting. Call Phil. (619)584·2243 lor inlerview. 
(412·30) 
Pasadena area Summer Day Camp hUing 
energehc and responsible people lor counselor 
posilions . Looking lor group counse lors, 
lifeguards and wranglers. Spend your summer 
outside making new fnends . Call TOM 
SAWYER CAMP (626) 794·1156. (4/6·23) 
CRUISE SHIP & LAND· TOUR JOBS· Excellent 
benefits. World Travel. Ask us how' (517) 324· 
3090 exl C59762 (416·30) 
WANTED; INTERNATIONAL HOUSE 
RESIDENT ADVISORS, NEWSLETIER AND 
SPECIAL PROGRAMS INTERNS FOR 1998· 
991 Applications available. ERG ReSidence 
Ll le OHice. Deadline 4/24198. (419·13) 
Aide wan led by Disabled ProfeSSional Woman. 
MoniWedlFn. 6:00· Noon: Sun: 7:00·3:00 Own 
Car. SB.50Ihr. Contact Pat 298· 1745. (4/9·20) 

KApPA KApPA 
GAMMA 

SPRING 1998 
NEW MEMBERS 

Melissa Banks Gaililagu irre 

Lacey Calac L ana Kreidic 
A ndi Calderon hannon Lee 
Dena Cassel 

Shannon Eng 
Erin Garubba 

hni Horii 

Devi N avamani 

Chri. tin a Shev l in 

Alana Shigcoka 

Congratulations! 

FIND 
Roomtuatts 

Tickets 

Can 

Bikes 

Deals 

tudy for 
Rentals 

Stereos 

Surfboards 
Auto Repair 

Sales 

Jobs 
Computen 

and more in 
TIle ..... Call the Study Coordinator, at 619554-9604. 
upstairs In the 
~ SCRIPPS CLINIC ~tudent Center, 

above the 
C"""'g for Suo Orl![I,o SI/I<'I! /9! 4 General Store, 

..... 101" 
................ 

Classified Line 
Ad Rates 

Students: $2 per 20 words 
Faculty' SlIff: $3 per 20 words 

All others : $4 per 20 words 
Advance payment is required. 

Classified Display 
Ad Rates 

$9.00 per column inch 
Deadlines:' 

Publication Dot, Display AdlUne Ad~ 
Mo~y 
Thur.dlly 

Noon Thurs. 3 pm Thurs. 
Noon Mon. 3 pm Mon. 

NEED A JOB? 
HIRING TODAY! 

CoIIIorNa Co Ilol1 Pif jOb openiI9. We 
oIIIr "'Ihr 10 ... pciId InIInIng, CIIId 

lIexIbIe hI! . lobi are tied on 0 IftII COllIe, 
firsl serwcl ~ 

Call 619·587·2829 
SALES DEMONSTRATOR High energy 
demonstrators , PIT, needed for all· natural 
health food company, $1 01hr. 760·752·7478. 
(4/9, 13) 
Immediate opening· administrative assistant 
lor non·profit organization. Needed during 
school year and summers. Sophomore/ JUnior 
studerlt with ability to commit for two years 
preferred. $6.00 per hour to start. 15·25 hours 
per week. For information, contact Debra at 
455·6364. (419-13L 

IITERVIEWERS $7INR 
Join the interesting world of marketing 

research, conducting telephone 
surveys and opinion polis. 

WE TRAIN NO SALES 
25 wpm TYPtNG (we test) 

PM shifts ' 7 days a week· FT or PT 
Apply rn ~ Mon . rue . Wed , 

person 9am ·4pm 

Bookkeeper and Personal ASSistant wanled 
tor Spring and lulHlme summer position al La 
Jolla Shores home Call Megan at 459·8446. 
14113· t 6) 
AIRLINE EMPLOYMENT· Enlry leveVskllied. 
Ground crew. reservabonlsls. ticket agents . 
fllghl attendants. Excellenl travel benefits . Ask 
us howl (517)336·0971 ext.L59761 (4/13·5114) 
Club Med & Cruise ships now hillng. Free 
details 800·435·4247 (4113) 

JAMESON RANCH CAMP 
seeks mature stud enls to work as 
COUNSELORS 0 1 our rusti c , se lf 

sufficienl children's camp . W e need 
posi tive ro le models w ho have at 

least one leachable skill , i .e . 
horseback r id ing , li feguards, 

mountain b ikers, archery, drama, 
etc . RM, BD, laundry, plus salary. 

C all 1-800-696-9062 for 
information and application. 

Ca mp Counselors : Youth exper. & refs. 
Horsebackride / waterfront 1 swim / rcx:kclimb. 
SF East Bay. 51 0-283·3795I Roughit@aol.com 
(4113) 
GREAT SUMMER OPPORTUNITY! Work 
outdoors With children. West Los Angeles Day 

Monday, April 13, 1998 

Camp. Counselors & inslructors: swimming , 
arts, horstbackriding & sports. 310-399·2267 . 
(4/1 3·517) 
Home Office Assislant. $7Ihr. 5·10hr.wk. Flex 
time, Mac oriented. Basic Accounling. Fax or 
mait resume 456·3969. Nathan@ inetworld.net 
(4113) 
Posting flyers on campuses. $1 Olhr. Minimum 
20 hrs.lwk. 1·800·696·5728 (~ 
SkiiSnowboard loodays nextwinter- FREEii 
Ski Bummin' in the Rockiel- the definilive 
guide for lhe aspiring skibum. profiling 20 ski 
towns. 800·454·0488 ($11 .5O+s&h)www.Ski· 
bummin.com (411 3· 16) 
Help needed in writing chapter summaries and 
a paper from BUSiness and Economic texts. 
Call Ellaine at 547·3480 (411 3· 16) 
Administrative Person Needed: computerinput, 
Windows 95, light office dulies. 20 hrs. a week 
$10Ihr. Call Ellaine at 547·3480 (4113· t6) 
Enlry level position for Graphic Art istl 
Webdesignerwith HTMLand Java experience. 
Fax resume to (619) 571 ·5404 attention Grace. 
(4113·16) 
EASY WORK IN YOUR SPARE TIMEI Maiting 
envelopes for our company. You can earn 
$1 .000's weekly! Just send a self·addressed, 
stamped envelope fO( information to: Work at 
Home, 8070 La Jolla Shores Drive, Su~e .242. 
La Jolla, CA 92037. (4113·23) 

Yoh Scientific needs: 
·Chemists 

• Biochemists 
·Microbiologist s 

·Mole(;ular Bio log i sts 
·Research A ssociates 

·LabTe(;hnic ians/Ass istants 
· C hemi(;a l Engineers 
Fax (619)622-9048 

Phone (619)622-9005 

L1i1!'l 
Print advertising sales support . $6·12 per hour . 
FleXible hours will fit your schedule. Duties 
include: gathering leads , cold calling Clients, 
setting appointments, and dropping off media 
material to local businesses. 6 t 9·458·5905. 
(4113.lO) 

ROOMMATES 
Single room available 4120·8/31 in 3br condo 
close 10 campus . $360/month + ullillies . 
Amenities includo sWimming pool. washer & 
dryer. dishwasher. patio. cable TV. and cable 
modem. Call Jason at 642·6978 (home) or 
546·6334 (work) (4/6· 13) 
Room available·3bd.lownhouse. Near school! 
buses. Washer/dryer. dishwasher. pooVspa. 
garage. NSiND. $400 mo. + t/3 utliltles 450· 
0975 (4/6"3) 
I don'l have mUCh. As of May. I won'l have a 
roommate. MiSSion Hills. 2brl1 ba. $300/mo. 
Animal/vegetable/minerai OK. No fungI. Peler 
293·02t3 (416·30) 
Female Roommate Wanted . 2 bedroom! I 
bath House in Ocean Beach. $4001 month plus 
112 ulilities. Available 511. Call Tracy 523· 
1819. (419·20) 
Room available for lemale in 2br12ba apartment 
In Del mar. 2 blocks from beach. Available July 
1. $500/mo. + 112 utili ties. 794·6224 (4113..:,!6) 
Roommale wanted to share large 3 bedroom 
condo in UTC, 2 mi les from UCSD. Pels okay. 
$320/mo. Ava ilable~wl 587·2553 (4113) 
Beautiful Mira Mesa Apt. , seeking friendly cool 
roommale. 10 min. from UCSD. Near lots of 
restaurants + slores. Available ASAP or starting 
6/1/98. $404.50 for own room. Lily @ 578· 
7032. (4/ t 3·5128 ) 

FOR RENT 
For rent: UTC/La Jolla Colony townhomes: 3· 
bedroom, 2.5 bath, $1600; 4·bedroom, 2·bath, 
$1850. July 1. Washer/dryer/refrigerator. Near 
Vons. UTC, Costa Verde. 454·6462. (3/30·4/ 
~ 

Occupational or Physical Therapy-
Your Career Choice 

Information Reception in San Diego! 
Saturday, April1Bth, 5:45 PM - 6:45 PM 

The University of St. Augustine for Health Sciences is hosting 
an Information Reception on April 18th, jn San Diego . Join us 
to learn more about our first professional Master of Occupational 
and Physical Therapy degree programs . All interested parties 
are welcome to attend. 

RSVP with Linda Carlucci at 1-800-241-1027! 
Reception Site: Radisson Hotel San Diego 

1433 Camino del Rio South' San Diego, California • (619) 260·0111 
UNIVERSITY OF ST. AUGUSTINE 

~ 0 q H I 1\ l T H ... "- 1ft", ( f ... 

The Unlverslfy IS located on Florida 's nonheasf coasl and 
the intracoastal walerway in hislonc SI. Augustine, Florida. 

WEB SITE: ",ww,usa.ed" E-MAIL: ill/o@usa.edll 

Monday, April 13, 1998 

1 room available now, 1800 sq. foot Mira Mesa 
home. Share utililies, kitchen, laundry, near 
bus. $350 Jeanie 695·3158 (4/6·13) 
Large master bedroom & bath w/ private 
ba lcony. $480/month .. 1/3 utilities to share 
condo w/2 girls. Available for 1 or 2 persons 
from 4120198·9120/98. Call 622·9690 (4/6·1 6) 

FOR SALE 
MAC Performa 6200cD Power PC. 14" color 
monitor, 12RAM . 1.2 GBHD. system 7.5.1. 
modem. mouse. keyboard. S1000/obo. Call 

55 1.B79~ (3 /30.4113) ___ _ 
Moving sale now. Refrigerator9 drawer dresser 
with mirror, tables. chesl of drawers, furniture . 
and other misc . Call Jeanie (619) 695·3158 (41 
6·13) 
Mattress, single, 1 112 years Old. excellent 
condition; bought lor $120. now only $80. Call 
Maggie @ 677·0340 (4/6·13) 
Playslation Games! Wild Arms (new) $30. 
Playstation Underground 2 and 3, SQuaresolt 
Collector's Video $5 each. Edward 484·6559 
(4113) 
Palntball passes for OUldoor all day lield! 
Includes lull day use of playing field. baslcgun, 
goggles. and face mask! Normally $25 per 
ticket, now only $3 per ticket! (Sold only in sets 
often. only 2 sels available) Call 587·1344. (4/ 

t3· ' ~ 

~ ANT E D 
EGG DONORS 

WANTED 
If you are a healthy female 

between the ages of 19 and 30 
and have health insurance, 
Compensation $3,500. 

Call Mirna Navas at 

(310) 829-6782 
for more info . 

Professional couple with secondary ovarian 
failure seeks woman to help Ihem have a child 
through surrogacy. $20,000. 800·450·5343. 
(2112·4/20) 
WE 'RE LOOKING FOR A FEW GOOD 
SPERM. All races needed, Donors must be 
20-38 years. Compensalion $50per acceptable 
donalion. Cal!,9PTIONS (800) ~86·9373. (212·614 ) 

All races needed. CompenSilion $3,500. (3/ 
30-6/4) 
Jewish American subjecls re imbursed for 
interv iew. If you are a UCSD studenl, 21·25, 
call 552·8585 x4185 for more information. (3/ 
30·6/4) 
Males and females paid $30.00 lor interview. If 
you are of Japanese, Korean. or Chinese 
descent call VA, 552·8585 x2182 . (3130·614) 
Egg donors Immediate need of tall blonde blue 
intelligent healthy 18·30yrs. pays $2500. 
Couples waiting, don't delay (760) 480·9952 
(4/6·16) 
Surrogale moms. immediale need of tall blonde 
blue heallhy intelligent mothers 21·36 yrs. pays 
$IB.OOO. Call for info (760) 480~952 (4/6·t6) 

SERVICES 
Passport photos, $5 .95. Color Laser Copies , 
69 cents. Copies, B&W, 3.Scents. Cal Copy, 
452-9949 (wilD). (4~.6/4 ) 
PSYCHOTHERAPY: Individual and couples 
therapy, ina SUpportlVe and callng envllonmenl, 
to help you deal wilh Personal. Family & School 
Pressures. Relalionshlp Issues. DepreSSion . 
Loss. Anxiety. Pregnancy, Sell Esteem . 
Mollvabon. Career Issues. etc. LaUrie Kolt. 
Ph.D .. Psychologist (Lic.# PSY8556). La Jolla 
456·2005 (4113) 

AITN: GRAD STUDENTS 

JOB TALKS & 
TEACHING 
for PH.D.s 

Tuesday, April J 4 
2:30 pm at 

Career Services 
l earn how 10 prepore and deliver 
Job Tolks in 011 disciplines. Gel 
suggestions for securing teoching 
positions. Goin insights from UCSD 
Prot. Borba ro Sowrey. 

Early Arrjyal i. Advl.ed 
CAREER SERVICES CENTER 
5543750 

The UCSD Guardian 

Wallt to be a 
PHYSICIAN ASST. 

or DOCTOR? 
Att.nd th ••• Info .... ion.: 

PIlYSICIA N ASSISTANT: 
Study and Practice 

WED., 4/ 15. 2:30pm at esc 
Meel PA practitioners,. students 

and PA school program directors 

MEJ)fCAL SCIIOOL: 
Whol Appllconts lor '99 Should Know 

Thurs .. 4/ 16. 2:15pm at esc 
Plan your stra tegy now and get 

your quesllons answered 

CAREER SERVICES CENTER 
5544'3' 

LOST & FOUND 
To the person or persons thai removed the 
beaded items from the "Faces and SpilUS" 
show at the Grove Gallery or anyone wilh 
knowledge of the whereabouts of Ihese ilems, 
please call the Grove Gallery at 534·2021 . (4/ 
9·13) 
Men's YellowlBlack Northface Gortex iacket 
lost 4/9 around 1 :30pm. Reward will be given. 

lI~und please call Tony at 534·4374. (4113) 

PERSONALS 
I won $2 in lasl week's Lono because the line 
was too long~ 3) 
Taborgy. Happy Belated Birthdayl Hope it was 
·jiggy"! (4113) 
PresidentClinlon 10candidale Issa: Who asked 
you. bi lCh? (4113) 
~ ~ ~~~ ~ George Michaelis back in lhe recording studio. 
~ WOMEN WHO ~ Report. : $6 per pege. He's working on a cover ollhe Eric Carmen 
......" "V' over7o'0:!t~~~~!~Sa~~1s:~!sOn~:lt.ri.lsfor ballad "All By Myself," (4/13) 
~ ~ (I~.a(l UIIII)' WHUd !ll n l 2nd 111111(, RI\·, 21)4) ~ ARE PROUD ~ L"' A"F'k,. (, A·'''~' To the poor soul that pulled Ihe °Angel of 
"V' -...." IImm. M\~l.FCu~ ~~~mR:~e;~~h~~~JI~~' IliI MI ' '' " III Mercy" hoax: please return my ca ll i Dr. 

of their heritage , you Call lod~~~~O:t56.9001 Kevorkian. (41!2L 
; may be eligible to be an ; _--------------------, 

~ egg donor if you are ~ ~ t;;)lYI fll1A ""f)t;;lMl/il . Jt. {Jk flflt;;l f)tnI~ nrJmf}t;;lt;;lfil ~ ~ 21 · 28 years , healthy, ~ • ~~(jf}& @,~r~ Q ' 
~ res ponsibl e. ~ BUY • S E ~. 0 '0 ~ R A D E ~ Call Stephanie , FFC ~ !M,..nnrfiM ~ 619-581·1820 ~ HIGH Ql1'AtirfVI AGE & 
~ GENEROUS ~ HIP NEWER STILES 

~ COMPENSATION ~ J~ ~ Asian donors needed ~ ~nglasses, silver 
~ ~ ~~~ ~ jewelry, blow up 
JeWish Amencan subjecls reimbursed for 
interview. II you are a UCSD sludent, 21·25, 
call 552·8585 x4185 for more inlormal ion.(11 
12·614) 
EGG DONORS NEEDED! Have you 
conSidered helping an Infertile couple's dream 
come true? "you're 21·30 years and will ing to 
help. please call OPTIONS at (800) 886·9373. 

furniture ... 
6903 La Jolla Blvd 

(at Nautilus) 
551-7057 

open 7 days 

CLASSIFIEDS 17 

*M MERGENCY AL EDUCATORS EMT (EfneI1ency Medicalli nician) Class starts AIlIft~. Classes 
held Mon and Wed evenings Wid 5 Saturdays in Ke~ Mesa are a. 

Completion ~e June 20 . Class prepares students for National 
Certificat ion as EMT. Great for pre-med , PA, health SCience InIiOfs. 

Class , bOOks and National E)(am for less than $500! 
For regis tra tion Info, call (619) 596-2189. Program accredi ted by 

San Diego County Health Department , EMS Division . 
Registrat ion deadline April 13, Call Today! 

~ ././ssa 'J'Jr//. .n ·o ur/ 
~ e/yn s.-::: eW;// 

-. . (;~ 
C o / ' r./7 r / < -'o a./7 . 

/57', r b 'a 7a r.ra J' 
_7[~/e'y S'\?e..rch 

YX e5/on c')/ou 9'.hj, ..1' . 
'r r n Z V afl./7er 

1:0% ;-g~ Jj 0 OFF~ 
COMPUTER RENTALS 

PC or Mac stalions with tnlemet Access (Regularl y S t 2Ihr). 
Laad~d with a variety of software including QuarkXpress, PagcMaker. 

Photoshop, Illustrator, FreeHand, PowerPoint. MS Word, and much more ... 
8IW Lmer 600dpi Ourpur @ 4 9(. each 

Color Lmel' 300dpi OUlpur @ 52.49 eircir 
Offer expires May 15. 1998. Limit one coupon per person please. 

MOTOROlA 
BRAVOPUJS 

16·messog. memotY . rll'l< SII!rl'P 

Costu Verde Shopping Center / UTe 
8650 Genesee Ave., Ste 1/200 

San Diego, CA 92122 

(619) 457-9500 

MOTOROlA 
BRAVOR.)( 

I ~·mesS-'Se' mE:rTlOfY • Alarm 
• r,~ & dale stamp • ~ musICal alert 

MOTOROlA 
EXPRESSXTRA 

20·mfisage me:mory • ftrne & date 
stamp · 7 muSical alertS · ~n 

$5~ 
All pnces "1Clude aCtivation, 2 months' tree service; IWO years free VOIce mall. unhmted paging, and 

Southern California, Phoenix and las Veg.s co~ag • . Some 'es~lct'onsapply 
ACTlVAlE YOUR PRE~WNED PAGER 

$389 On< ·; .. r . ,n,m<",,,,,,,,d tw°Y'" $699 Inciud<' 2monlh •. S<MC • • twoy .... fret VOKt rT\c1Il4Od tru: KtNI1Uon tree: \I()IC~ ffIaIl m fru ~twatlO'l 
2 YEARS FREE VOICE MAIL ON ANY ACTIVATION! 
~AGE ~E 

5597·B Ciairemont Mesa Blvd. (In Madison Square Shopping Center) 619~68·9898 
"" ,orja, fl'\,u f"o. ( 11' (·0 om IQ 0. 'V"I"I S.t.,lfjar' 11 J'~ "mt::l4 .... )~", ..... ,U Mn'~'C.r::2 """f:fI~ lr herless D'i-~Je! 

Ntw :\JS'~F"'I(f' :1/11 f "' .... ' j::'eil'" 1'1 OfJen elltplre 4127'" 

PROFESIONAL 

• • •• .... .lftdilal division of THE PRINCETON REVIEW 
MeAT 
PREP COURSE 

Planning your fall schedule but don't see what you want? UCSD 
Summer Session will be offering over 200 courses in two five-week 
sessions: June 29-July 31 and August 3-Sept_ 4. To receive the Sum-
mer Session Catalog, mail tbis coupon to tbe address below. Name __________________________________________________ _ 

Address---------------------------------------------
CitY-_________________ State ___ Zip ______________ _ 

Mail to: University of California, San Diego 
Summer Session Dept. 0179 
9500 Gilman Dr., La Jolla Ca 92093-0179 

OPEN TO THE 
PUBU[ 

B,.owse the Summe,. Session catalog on the World Wide Web Site: 
http://o,.pheusoucsdedulsummer 

University of California, San Diego 

~ (ourse content: 
• 155 IIolI's oyer 9 weeks a Up to 16 F.llHgtll PnKtke MCAT lI_s 

• Computer diagnostic score reports a 4,000 pogesw of review materiol and proctke possoges 

• 10 professioHly (rltlqnd and s<Ored essays a Fuilluilion: $995 
a Avergoe doss size of 20 shltlft,s (maximum 24) a C.y"'" ••• , optiOlls: your (haite 

of 11 ...... , ItssiOll. · choose which one 
fits your schedule! 

CALL 619.558-0500 OR 800.MD-BOUND 
10 enroll or 10 gel more informotion about our ~rofessional MeAT Preparation c.se, 
our exdusiv8 Verbal Acdera.or Program, our Apri MeAT Courw discounl5, 0'" 
'I' US '01 Filii Salisfadion Guorant ... 

rIt,IIOIT COMIff, Mosr'""lISm Mar MfNUROI ANYWHERE 



18 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian Monday, April 13, 1998 

Rain Muddies Triton Track 
CANCELLATION: On a eemingly sunny Saturday afternoon, UCSD was on its way to 
another successful meet until EI Nino reared its ugly head, raining out some later events 
By Saul Sheridan 
Staff Writer 

It 's li ke having a thousand knives 
when all you need is a fork . 

It 's also like bei ng promised a Sleak. 
di nner all day long, only 10 find 
Ihal in Ihe end il was switched 
with a tofu pally. 

Isn' t it ironi\: .. . don ' t ya 
th ink ') 

Afler preparing all week in 
the beautiful, sunny Southern 
California weal her, the UCSD 
Irack and field learn again found 
ilself having 10 brave the ele-
ments thi s weekend as it hosted its Iinal 
meet of the season at the Spanos track 
facility. 

Some of the best competitors from as 
close as UC Irvine and as far away as 
England came to compete in what they 
thought would be beauliful San Diego 
wealher. 

The Tritons, though, were nOI about to 
leI a lillie rain (or a lot of rain, for Ihat 
mailer) stop them from giving their best. 
As a result, the UCSD Invitational turned 
out to be a grcat day for track and tield 
fans. 

The day had a promising start ; no rain , 
not even a large cloud-cover, jusl a lillie 
wind. The early conditions made for 
some exciting races for the Triton run-
ners. 

In the men's I DO-meter open, Andrew 
Gonzalez and teammate Juan Magdaroag 
gave everyone an enthralling race as they 
fini shed first and second respectively. 
They competed in a tough heat thaI con-
sisted of runners from UCI, the U.S . 

CiO 

LIBRARIAN 

INTERFACE DEStGNER 

PRES ERVATIONIST 

WEB MASTER ... 

RENOWNED 
FACULTY 

ENGAGED 
IN THE WORLD 

LEADING-EDGE 
RESEARCH 

MULTIDISCIPLINARY 
LEARNING 

Marillc Corp~ and Ihe British alillnal 
team. 

Magdaroag then wen t looking for 
more medals as he went on to compete 
,md win his heal in Ihe 200-meler open 

race. 

Perhaps the best performance 
of the day by the Triton runners 

wa~ given by senior Mall Amero. 
Amero, in the last home meel of 
hi s co ll eg iate C,lreer, wenl oul 
with a bang as he won hi s he;lI in 
the MOO-meter invi tati onal wi th 
the best overa ll lime of the meel 
in Ihe evenl nI 1:53 .44. 

Another impressive performance on 
the day was given by fre~hman Lisa 
Klinger. Klinger fini shed fourth out of II 
runners in the 5,OOO-meler invitational 
with a time of 19:0ti .25, almost 52 sec-
onds beller than her previous personal 
hesl. 

The early conditions also led to some 
tine performances by Triton li eld athletes. 
Junior th rower Mall Seefeld sel a person-
al hest in the men's hammer throw invi ta-
tional heat with a mark of 171 ' 6", placing 
him Ihird in the heat. 

Then the rains came. 
After a morning of no inlerrtlptions, a 

heavy blank.et of rain sent the spectalors 
running for shelter and the athletes for 
Iheir sweat pants and windbreakers. The 
rain and mud affected all Ihe late after-
noon events, as the track became weI and 
muddy. 

"I was about 10 start my run for Ihe 
javelin," junior thrower Chris Swartz sa id, 
"whcn the rain just all of a sudden camc 
down in huckcts; the run way hecame 

The 

Infonnation 

Age 

Is Here. 

Lead It. 

School of Infonnation 

niver icy of Michigan 

www.si .umich.edu/ leadit/ 

734.763.2285 

~Iick and slippery." 
Despi te the rain, ma ny fine races were 

still run. Among those who lurned in a 
good outing was junior Danielle cheibli , 
who set a personal besl in the 4DO-mcter 

hurd le~ wi lh a time of I:OK .12. 
"1 was gell ing set in Illy blocks when 

Ihe rain started coming down," Scheibli 
,;aid. "Fortunatcly I was able to get my 
race in b..:lore it got too wet." 

Another ~Irong performance, despite 
the poor conditions, was given by learn 
co-captai n David Spector. Spector, w m-
peting in the pole vault, won his event in 
convincing fashio n wi lh a mark of 15'9", 
9 inches beller than the next closest com-
petitor. Spector received an automatic bid 
to Nationals. 

However, MOlher Nalure had Ihe last 
laugh. As the rain became too heavy and 
conditions became unsafe for competing, 
Ihe later events wae canceled for the 
safety of the athletes. 

Next week, the TritontealTl will travel 
to Claremont College to compete in the 
Pomona-Pitzer Invi lational in, hopefull y, 
beller wellther condi tions. 

The NCAA Division III National 
Championshi p meet on May 21-23 in SI. 
Paul , MinnesOla is rapidly approaching 
Head Coach Ted Van Arsdale and hi s Tri -
ton tracksters. 

"Everyone is looking forward 10 Ihe 
Pomona meet," Scheibli said. "They have 
a really good track over there, and hope-
fully the sun will be out for us." 

If Ihings go as expected, it won 'I be 
like rain on your wedding day, and UCSD 
will be able to send an even stronger con-
lingent 10 the land of 10.000 lakes. 

Monika Kobyleckal Guardian 
High Flyln': Looking like an eagle, Anne Moore 
takes flight in the long jump in Saturday'S meet. 

JOB OPPORT'UHIT'I£S IN 
VIRT'UAl R£AlITIY 
(the jobs are real!) 

Full -time su mmer, part-time academ ic year positions are available 
involving the development of sophi sti cated laser 3D microscopy 
systems for observing and contro lling the dynamics and functi on of 
li vi ng ce ll s, applied in particular to neurosc ience. Emphasis wi ll be 
on the application of virtual reality techniques to the on-line contro l 
and understanding of the measurements. Successful applicants will 
have the opportunity to work in an exci ting environment wi th a small 
team of extremely talented individuals, known as the Senses Bureau. 
Our lab includes state-of-the-art laser microscopy sys tems and 
computer graphics hardware and software, including 3-D stereoscopic 
visuali zati on and Silicon Graphics workstations. Members work 
c losely with Ph .D. sc ienti sts in app lyi ng real -time co mputer 
graphics technology to clltting edge neurosc ience and optics research . 

Pay is I 0.78/hl'. Positions are open to students who wi ll be at UCS D 
for at ka~t thn:e more years, and ,. ho arc xceplionally intelligent 
creati c, and hard working . Idcal appl icants wi II possess strong ski li s 
anel intere~t in software engineeri ng. vi~u a li zU(ion, and a ompelling 
intcrest in ~cicl1ce (parti cularl y bi logy and chemi stry) . We will 
provide training for the right p 'oplc. 

F r more informati n aboullh ' project~ , the Senses Bureau, and the 
app lication pro ess. please vis it our web site at: 

''http://www-wilson.ucsd .edu/sense bureau!" 
P si tions are available t begin immediately r thi s ummel'. 

Applications should be received by April 17. 
( nrcer ervicc~ enter. JOP - job # 9 14 125-0) 

Monday, April 13, 1998 The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 19 

Controversy Clouds City Championships 
OTAY, NOT OKAY: The weekend was a mixed bag for the crew legions, with the varsity men's eight finishing a debatable second 

By Kevin McLauehlin 
Co-Associate Sports Editor 

There was bound to be a bit of a 
letdown. 

Last weekend 's Crew Classic, 
held on UCSD's home 
waters, was the biggest 
shindig of the season in 
the world of crew. Not 
necessarily the most 
important race, but proba-
bly the biggest distraction. 
So anything that followed 
was bound to pale by com-
parison. 

What followed was the San 
Diego City Championships, held 
Saturday on Otay Lake for city-
wide bragging rights between San 
Diego's three major colleges : 
UCSD, USD and SDSU. For both 
the men and women it was more 
than a leldown - it bordered on 
ugly. 

Otay Lake is not the usual venue 
for this event, as all three schools 
normally compete on the waters of 
Mission Bay. Few Triton rowers, 
most importantly the coxswains, 
had never competed at Otay Lake, a 
U.S. National Team training si te. 

Rowers must go all out but pace 
themselves as well. It is important 
to have landmarks and a familiarity 
with the course for the coxswain to 
properly direct the crew. 

For Head Coach Jack Vallerga's 
women's squad, the whole event 
was a logistical nightmare, marred 
by problems delivering boats and 

getting in sufficient time practic-
ing. 

'They were pretty raunchy con-
ditions," Vallerga said, noting a 
steady headwind and difficulty 

with officiating. "Both our 
varsity and our novices 
were under some strain. 
Our coxswains were at a 
distinct disadvantage. 

"A couple of boats did 
very well," Vallerga 
added. ' 'I'm very pleased 
with how the novice A and 
B boats did." 

The two novice boats finished 
second and third to USD's novice 
eight. 

For the more established boats, 
however, it was a weekend of run-
ner-up finishes . 

The women 's varsi ty eight 
knew it was facing one of the top 
six non-PACIO West-Coast boats. 
As expected, the ladies linished 
second, performing very well 
despite a recent shufTIe in the line-
up. 

For the lightweight eight, com-
rng off a disappointing perfor-
mance in the final s at the Classic, it 
was a weekend to forget. 

The lightweight women, a boat 
fill ed mainly with sophomores, 
matched up we ll wilh USD. 
Though expected to compete with 
the Toreros, they instead were beat-
en by about four boal Ienglhs. 

The women raced no four-seat 
boats, and eventually dropped the 

1/ I)I/lli 1/,1, I 11t\, III, III (1/ III, II"'" I,ll, ,i \lilll, 111\ 

AI A race needs two 
things, a starting 
line and a finish 
line, and they failed 
to provide either." 

- Paul Dodg. 
Varsity Rower 

overall team standing to SDSU by 
tV/O points, 30 to 28. 

For the men, the controversy 
surrounding this weekend's main 
race, the varsity eight, continues to 
swirl. 

"Basically, the race had terrible 
officiating," rower Paul Dodge 
said. "A race needs two things, a 
starting line and a fini sh line, and 
they fail ed to provide either. It real-
ly doesn' t make sense 10 me." 

The boats began unevenly, with 
USD about six seats ahead. This 
would be no problem if the linish 
was also staggered, but it wasn 't. 
Hence the controversy. 

]t is difficult to get boats lined 
up accurately for a start . [I' a team 
feels the start was 100 uneven, it 
can protesl by refusi ng to row and 
the race wi II be restarted . 

Perhaps feeling overconfident 
following a marvelous showing in 
the Classic where Ihe men beat 
USD by 15 seconds, the Triton 
rowers went ahead anyway. 

UCSD was able 10 close near 
the end, when a USD boatsman 
'\:aughl a crab," or had a bad 

stroke, which threw off team 
rhythm and slowed the boat. How-
ever, according to ofticials, the 
Toreros won the straight-line finish 
by two-tenths of a second over a 
bitter buneh of Tritons, who lost 
their second photo-finish in as 
many weekends. 

"[ have a videotape that clearly 
shows that on the correct finish line 
we fini shed ahead," frustrated 
Men's Head Coach Mike Filippone 
said. "At the race time we had no 
ability to overturn the incorrect call 
that was made. I knew a mistake 
was made at the race course; I just 
couldn 't prove it. 

''This is the result of an offi ciat -
ing mistake," Filippone continued. 
"If you award a city championship 
10 the wrong team ... truly. it 's dis-
graceful. It 's nOI a huge race. It 's an 
important race be.cause it 's our 
backyard . USD had a great race, 
I'm not going 10 take that away 
from them. I But] they have shirts, 
[which Ihe loser lraditionally gives 
to the winner in crew] and they 
have trophies. I lonlyl have " 
video." 

The siluali on was rather 
reversed for the varsity four-man 
race. The Tritons were following 
USD in second when Ihe Torero 
rowers stopped, thinking they had 
reached the fini sh line. This was 
not the case, and the Tritons sped 
past to win the unofficial race. 

The junior varsity fours per-
formed excellently, with the B boat 

edging out the A boat, both of 
which beat State. 

The novice eight won as well, 
beating USD for the first time this 
year. 

"They 're definitely improving 
as the season progresses," fourth -
year varsity rower Sam Nicols said. 

Despite the strong performances 
of UCSD's other boats, it is the 
eight-seat varsity race that is most 
important, for it is the only cup for 
the men in the contest. The fastest 
boat - always the varsity eight -
represents the team, which makes 
this protested loss harf! to bear for 
the men. 

"It was disappointing that it 
wasn 't dear either way," Nicols 
said. ''This weekend was a wake-up 
call for us. We went in thinking we 
were just going to blow them away. 
I Slill definitely think that we 're 
faster Ihan they are." 

Now it 's on to the California 
State Championships in Sacramen-
to for both the men and women . 
Here. the men will have a chllOce 
for a little revenge. Everyone in 
Califomia will be there, including 
Ihe hig boys from Cal and Slanford, 
as well as rival USD. They will 
race the same course as the all-
important Pacific Coast Rowing 
Chaillpionships, which are held the 
third weekend in May. 

"It 's a really class regatta," Val-
lerga said of the California State 
Championships. "It's a race we get 
psyched for." 

534-4450 
:lIasucsd.ucsd.edu 

ELECTIONS 
RESULTS!! 

A.S. Authorized Propaganda is produced each Monday by the Associated Students. UCSO. Student Organlzahons are encouraged 
10 advertise in this by tilling out the form k>cated outside the A.S. Secretary's OtllC8 on the 3rd lloor of the Price Centor or a-mall us 
(subject: Synergy): Bsucsd@ucsd.edu. SubmISSions are due each Wednesday at noon tor the ns)Ct Monday'S I$SUO. 

Re,6e,Kdh. &. 
Se,roJ·J.Oh; V 

April 17 
Friday 7pm 
RIMAC Arena 

FREE! 
Cam.arly! 

Ad.lui. il nit IUll'lntled. 

• .• . ~." ...... ~. 4 .... ~ • .,. ......... , .".· ....... 4' .................. • ........ r .. • , ... " • ., ..... ..... _ ... #IfI'_ •••• ",._ 

THANK YOU TO EVERYONE WHO VOTED 
CONGRATULATIONS TO 1998-1999 A.S. COUNCIL: 

PRESIDENT - Joe Leventhal 
V.P. INTERNAL - Kim McKoon 
V.P. EXTERNAL - Kirk Matsuzaki 
V.P. FtNANCE - Pat Ru 
COMMISSIONER, ACADEMtC AFFAtRS • Oliver Butterick 
COMMISSIONER, COMMUNtCATIONS - Jaime Sarachit 
COMMISSIONER, PROGRAMMtNG - Karen Juan 
COMMISSIONER, SERVICES & ENTERPRtSES - Michelle Magalong 
COMMISSIONER, STUDENT ADVOCACY - James L. Navarro 

A.S. SENATE POSITIONS 
REVELLE COLLEGE 
SENIOR SENATOR - Leila Niazi 
JUNIOR SENATOR - Casey R. Luskin 
SOPHOMORE SENATOR - Doc Khaleghi 
MUIR COLLEGE 
JUNIOR SENATOR - Jennifer Lee 
SOPHOMORE SENATOR - Josh Caplan 
THURGOOD M~RSHALL COLLEGE 
SENIOR SENATOR - Terrence Patterson 
JUNIOR SENATOR - Erin M. Lee 

WARREN COLLEGE 
SENIOR SENATOR - Michael Ling 
JUNIOR SENATOR - Tad Takara 
SOPHOMORE SENATOR - Patty Yun 
ELEANOR ROOSEVELT COLLEGE 
SENIOR SENATOR - Jeff Nessia 
JUNIOR SENATOR - Clifford Lee 
SOPHOMORE SENATOR - Kasey Crawford 

SOPHOMORE SENATOR - Maricela Marroquin 
VOLUNTEER CONNECTION 

Upcoming Volunteer Opportunities: 
UCSD Volynteer Connection: 534-1414 
La. Madre.' Parent Spring Carnival 
Sunday, May 3, 10:00 am - 1 :00 pm 
RBCommunity Park. 10-12 volunteers 
needed, Free lunch and gift, -. 
Hllnd. on Ssn Diego 
Saturday, May 2, 8:30 am - 3:00 pm 

SENIOR GtFT COMMmEE 
Interested in helping with the Senior Gift? 
Be part 01 the gift committee. Call Sun at 
822-2540 

EARTH DAY '98 
Thursday, April 16, 10:00 am · 4:00 pm 
Library Walk and Price Center 
For more info e·mail: envmmntOucsd.edu 

-

..... 

-

--



20 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian Monday, April 13, 1998 

•• 1', ..... ..." 
., ...... ,.. .. 
-'11 .... .-.. -
.., .... ..... 

......, ....... '-II; If' • 
....... ,.,..",." ..... ,''''',. __ ... 

The Magic Is Back 
In the Murph 

Uh-oh, it 's mag ic! 
No, th is lead is not leading 

us into a "Cars Revisited" col-
umn . Although personall y, I 
th ink one is long overdue ... 

What's magic you ask? Well 
di .c iplcs, the magic is bac k in 
the Murph . That's rig ht , the 
Padres arc playing exci ting 
ba~eba ll again. 

I remember when I wa~ a 
freshman and the Padres were 
sllrprising ever on by winning 
on a consistent ba~i~ . No one 
rea ll y gave them much of a shot, 
but the Pad~ kept winning, and 
we kept goi ng to games. 

I can' t remernher how many 
times we wenl to the Murph (let 
the Quai<.:ollllll ban l:Ontinue. a~ 
doe~ my ~im ilar ban of "Ti tan-
ic") and barbecued in the park-
ing lot a~ we had ollr own 
pregame. We all wore baggy 
clothes and mull i-pocketed 
jackets so we could sl1l.:ak in 

re rre~hment~ and continue 
"prcgaming" inside. 

The usua l progression wou ld 
be a pa inful firs t few innings as 
the opponent wou ld build a 
lead. But we kept the fai th , and 
in every game the Padres would 
stage an improbable comeback 
leaving everyone in the stadium 
breathless. On a great many 
occas ions, a game-winning 
horner would land in our sacred 
home away fro m home, the 
right fi eld bleachers. 

Arter screaming ourse lves 
hoarse in jubilation, we would 
stagger bac k to the car. Then we 
would hurry home to catch the 
Sport sCenter highlights and , 
every now and then, see a 
micro-second of what we swore 
was us, jumping around like the 
drunken maniacs we were. 

Those were happy days ,but 
frankl y, las t year sucked. 

After th is weekend 's event s, 
though, I beli eve the Padres 
might have the magic back. 

Thi s year holds a different 
fortune for Bruce Bochy's boys; 
ask anyone who attended the 
Padres-Diamondbacks game on 
Friday night. 

For the majority of the game, 
the Pads couldn ' t overcome the 
D' Back lead. Then, in the but-
torn of the ninth , with the bases 
loaded and two outs, Steve Fin-
ley came to plate and launched 
a game-winning grand slam 
over the palm trees. 

That was just the latest in a 
rapidly growing number of late-
inning Friar comebacks. Ask 
the Cincinnati Reds, who 
watched a 5-run ninth inning 
lead evaporate at the hands of 
Cammy, Tony, and Vaughnie. 

The Padres of '98 are believ-
ers, and it looks like happy days 
are here again. See you in the 
parking lot. 

- Vln Scully 

DelD 
Power Bar 
CLASSIC 
The Triton1 pLayed hOdt 

to the annuaL 
tournament, finl~jhin.q 

f~fth an~iddt the rain 
By Jake Gordon 
Staff Writer 

If there was one common theme for thi ~ past 
weekend II was: "When it rain~. it pours." 

Trying to guc~~ what the weather would 
bring in Ihe next 10 minute~ 
wa~ about a). easy a\ picking 
the right 10110 nUnlbcr~ for the 
$YO million jackpot. Storlm 
a l way~ ~ecl1led on the hori/on 
and when it did rain. it 
RAI ED; With huge droplets 
wming down in viciou\ down-
POlil s. 

In the~e tough conditions, 

Id 
SOFTBALL 

the CSD Power Bar C la~~ic wa\ held. Eight 
so lthall teams competed In two dl Isions wi th 
hall playing at RIMAC Field and the other half 
playing at the niver~lty of San Diego. Disap-
pointingly. U SD 's play at the Classic was any-
thing but classic. The tea m had a weekend that 
mi rrored the weather: sunny at both ends, but 
ra iny in the midd le. 

The Tritor:l s won thei r li rst game against the 
Uni versity of Redlands, I 1-2, but then proceed-
ed to lose and lose big. SU Domingue/. Hills 
beat UCSD, 10-2, on Thursday and the losses 
continued in Friday's douhle-dip with a 7-0 
drubbing at the hands of Cal Baptist, fo llowed 
by an 8-0 defeat to cross-town ri va l Uni versit y 
of an Diego. 

Dave Lubitz/ Guardian 
looking It In: Freshman right fie lder Jaime Howell hauls in a base hit. Although hits were 
rare for the Tritons during last weekend's action , the women still managed to fin ish fifth. 

Again, "When it rains, it pours." 

Redlands countered wi th 2 HillS in the second, 
but that was all it got. 

On the opposite mound, the normally domi -
nant UCSD pitching had trouble. Alli son Jacobs 
had a terrible outing, allowing 7 runs over three 
innings and Erin Flanigan eventually relieved 
Jacobs in the fourth. After this rough 10-2 loss, 
things should have improved fo r the Tritons, but 
they didn ' t. 

On Saturday, however, UCS D played quite 
well in a 5-1 win over CSU DH and fin ished the 
tournament 2-3. good enough for fift h place 
overa ll. 

Pitcher Erin Flani gan shut down the Bull-
dogs as UCSD ratt led off 10 unanswered runs, 
highlighted by a 6-run sixth . Many Tritons con-
tributed to the mercy-ruling. Left fi elder Kelsey 
Bennett went 2 for 3 with 2 runs balled in and 2 
runs scored. Shortstop Erin Bridges and second 
baseman Alejand ra Sotelo both had 3 hit s and an 
RBI. This offensive ex plosion would not be 
indicative of good th ings to w me, however. 

Aga inst Dominguez Hill s, the Tritons strug-
gled against the usual ly weak Toro pi tchi ng. 

lfthe UCS D offense was strugg ling before, it 
soon became non-existent. On Friday, Cal Bap-
ti st pi tching shut the Tritons down, allowi ng 
onl y 4 hits and no runs over seven innings. The 
UCS D pitchers aga in had trouble as Flanigan 
gave up 6 earned runs and was relieved by 
Jacobs in the li fth . 

Against Redlands, UCSD got out to an early 
lead as right fielder Michelle Wilson si ngled in 
center fielder Cy nt hia Sam in the first inn ing. 

CSD had just 6 hits over six inn ings and 
scored only 2 runs. See SOFTBALL, Page 15 

Triton Golfers Gang Up On The Bulldogs 
TOM-TOM: UCSD beat Redlands like a drum, 
then beat CMS and Point Lorna at Torrey Pines 
By Sean Rahlml 
Senior Staff Writer 

They say nothing cures the 
blues like a good old-fashioned 
spanking. 

All that is necessary to relieve 
the pain of a di sappointing perfor-
mance in sports is to come right 
back and defeat the next opponent 
by the largest margin possible -
like the Chicago Bulls beating up 

the Clippers after a loss to Seattle 
or the Yankees crushing the Twins 
after a loss to the Orioles. 

Mayhc, it 's like the UCSD golf 
team notching two wins on Thurs-
day and Friday, a week after a di s-
appointing performant:e at the UC 
Irvine Invitational. 

So maybe the analogy docsn't 
fit , but you gel my drift. 

Last Thursday, the Tritons went 

The Week Ahead ••• 
Baseball 
This Tuesday, the men 
wiLL host Biola 
University at 3 p.m. at 
TriJon Baseball Field in 
preparation for playoffs 

Men'. Volleyball 
The final match of the 
year for the lads will be 
played this Tuesday at 7 
p.m. at San Diego State 
University 

to Redlands for a dual match with 
the Bulldogs at Redlands Country 
Club - one of the fellas' favorite 
courses. In 1997, the Tritons shot a 
course-record 285 to win. 

A year later, Red lands figured to 
have a good shot at a win - shoot-
ing a season-best 297. The Tritons, 
however, missed tying their own 
record by just a stroke, crushing the 
Bulldogs by scoring an impressive 
286, II strokes beller than the 
hosts. 

See GOLFERS, Page 15 

Softball 
This Wednesday at 
USD's Alcala Park the 
Tritons will look to 
defeat the Toreros once 
again . 

On .... Unb ... 
at Redlands, April 7 
It Name 
1 KevIn Pletri 
2 Gre& Uberuaaa 
3 Datin Sullivan 
4 Jeremy Byrd 
4 Gre, Johnson 
6 Jam .. Donahoe 
It Team 
1 UCSO 
2 Aeclanda 

Women's 'ennis 

total 
70 
71 
72 
73 
73 
18 

This Wednesday at 2:30 
p.m. the women will 
battle Redlands at the 
Northvcew Tennis 

. Courts . 


