
I •• 

Elsewhere 
CookIes Recalled 
After Student II ...... 
PALO ALTO, Calif. - Stan-
ford University graduate stu-
dent Raphael Thomadsen, 
who is allergic to eggs, bought 
a package of Grandma's 
Homestyle Fudge Chocolate 
Chip Big Cookies out of a 
campus vending machine and 
began eating Lhem after read-
ing the ingredient list and not 
finding eggs anywhere. 
Thomadsen became ill after 
eating just a few bites and 
called the phone number on 
the back of the package to 
complain. He was told that 
Frito-Lay would investigate 
the matter and send him 
coupons for free cookies. 
However, a couple of days 
later, a company representa-
tive called him back to tell 
him that there would be a 
recall of 1.5 million packages 
of cookies because the labels 
on the bags didn't list eggs 
among the ingredienLs. 
Thomadsen said the represen-
tative told him Frito-Lay was 
originally considering two 
recipes for the cookies, and 
the that ingredients listed on 
the package ~ere for the 
recipe that was not used. 

- Th e Stanford Daily 

Sexuality Study 
Stirs Controversy 
FOREST GROVE, Ore. -
Pac ific University Nancy 
Breaux , assistant professor of 
media arts, and Sarah 
Philips, ass istant professor of 
'ociology, have received a 
lot of media allention since 
they were awarded a $5,000 
grant from the Oregon Coun-
cil for the Humanities to 
study sadomasochism. The 
pair were awarded the grant 
to produce a series of papers, 
a book and a documentary on 
the subject. Breaux said she 
believes the attention is due 
to the fact that the Oregon 
Council for the Humanities 
receives the bulk of its funds 
from the National Endow-
ment for the Humanities. 

- The Pacific Index 

Harvard's Yield for 
New Admits Soars 
CAMBRIDGE, Mass. -
More prospective students 
elected to attend Harvard 
University this year than at 
any point in the past 25 years. 
According to Christine Kel-
ley, assistant to the director of 
admissions, 79.3 percent of 
students admitted will attend 
the university, as opposed to 
76.3 percent last year. MarJyn 
McGrath Lewis, director of 
admissions, said that the 
record-high number means 
that no more Lhan a handful 
of students will be admitted 
from the waiting list. 

- - The Harvard Crimson 

Spoken ... 
"From just the 
attendance indication, 
everyone was really 
enjoying themseLves. " 

- Steve Roberts 
A.S. Festivals Coordinator 

see story, right 

Homeward Bound 
Writers debate which is best - the 
convenience of on-campus living or 
the freedom of living farther away. 

Freedom 
Excerpts from 
AngeLa Davis' 
keynote address. 

• I , 

Birdies 
Golf takes 5th 
place at nationaLs 
in balmy Georgia. 

~ 
~ 
• , 
( 

Opinion, page 4 Features, 'page 9 Sports, page 20 

, H E u 

UC SAN DIEGO MONDAY, MAY 18, 1998 

BLACK WOMEN WRITERS 

David lubitz/ Guardian 
Revolutionary: Angela Davis, who delivered the keynote address for an African 
American women writers ' conference last weekend, was once wanted by the FBI. 

Wri ing 'Herstory' 
Sherley Anne Williams honored/or her 1986.novel 

By Grace Jang 
Senior Staff Writer 

In what one observer called a "triumphant 
return" to UCSD, Angela Davis delivered on 
Friday the keynote speech initiating the 
"Black Women Writers and the 'High Art ' of 
Afro-American Letters" conference. 

The three-day conference, held this past 
weekend, attracLed artists, activists, writers, 
professors, parents and students in celebration 
of the contributions black women have made 
to American literature, history and culture 
over the past 30 years. 

"Angela Davis coming here is sort of a tri -
umphant return afLer her graduate career here 
as well," said Jonathan Holloway, assistant 
professor of ethnic studie . "A black women 
writer's conference here at UCSD is ironic, 
given the nature of race politics in the UC sys-
tem in general and UCSD in particular. 

'" think it 's a biUersweet irony in the sense 

of what is so positive politically about this 
kind of conference." he added. "It sort of flies 
in the face of how barren this campus is when 
it comes to African Americans specifically, 
and also African-American studies in gener-
al." 

The conference also marked the 12th 
anniversary of the publication of Dessa Rose, 
a critically acclaimed novel by Sherley Anne 
Williams, a professor of literature at UCSD. 

"When I first came to UCSD and was 
teaching Dessa Rose, many of my students 
were reading the novel for the first time," said 
Ann duCille, a professor of literature and 
coordinator of the conference. "It occurred to 
me that we often don ' t know the giants who 
walk among us." 

In recognition of Williams' prominence in 
the literary world, San Diego Mayor Susan 
Golding officially proclaimed May 15, 1998, 

See WRITING, Page 3 

c 5 D 

Leventhal 
Vetoes A.S.P. 
Funding 
DECISION: A.S. president 
also ,revokes increase in UCSA 
per-student allocation 
By Erika Snider 
Staff Writer 

. A.S. President Joe Leventhal dealt the nedg-
ling Academic Success Program (A.S.P.) a set-
back on Friday, choosing to overturn the full 
council's vote to fund the organization. 

Leventhal also vetoed the council's vote to 
increase funding to the Uni versity of alifomia 
Student Association (UCSA) by 25 cents per 
student, per quarter. This hike, which would 
have brought the quarterly fee up to $1.75 per 
student , would have sent $3,675 more to the 
organization. 

UCSA repre ents student interests be/ore 
the state government and the UC Board of 
Regents. 

Last Wednesday, while discussing Leven-
thal's proposed 1998-1999 budget, the council 
agreed to fund A.S.P. with 13 votes in favor, 6 
against and 2 abstentions. The council passed 
this motion after it agreed to draw up a charter 
that would detail the relationship between the 
A.S. and A.S .P. and describe the responsibili-
ties of both parties. 

. The organization's backers planned to start a 
book lending, peer mentorship, tutoring and 
exam-archive programs. They were also unsuc-
cessful in their bid to secure a mandatory $1 per 
student per quarter fee to support their pro-
grams in the last A.S. elections. 

According to Leventhal, he vetoed the plan 
to fund A.S.P. because he felt the council did 
not research the organization thoroughly 
enough before choosing to fund it. 

''The council rushed to judgment in approving 
almost $13,000 when iL had no idea of the finan-
cial implications to the A.S.," Leventhal said. 

Leventhal also said that he did not think that 
using the revenue earned by the A.S. services, 
such as Soft Reserves, Lecture Notes and the 
Grove Cafe, to fund the new programs was prop-

See COUNCIL, Page 8 

Sun God Organizers Hail Annual Festival As a Success 
EVENT: Students 
enjoy obstacle courses 
at evening concert 
By Quyen Tu 
Staff Writer 

Continuing a tradition that start-
ed 15 years ago, the UCSD com-
munity came together last Friday to 
celebrate the Sun God. 

Those who were responsible for 
planning the day's festivities said 
they were glad that the Sun God 
Festival came and went with no 
major problems. 

"The Sun God Festival went 
really well from [the committee's] 
perspective," said Stephen Roberts, 
the 1998 ASUCSD festivals coordi-
nator. "From just the attendance 
indication, everyone was really 
enjoying themselves." 

" .. ve not seen the official 
reports yet, but I estimate the atten-
dance figures to be around 9,000 
people throughout the day," 
Roberts added. 

Zach Beebee, the daytime event 
coordinator, also said he thought 
the festival went well . According to 
Beebee, the student turnout was 

better than he expected. 
"The be t idea of the year was 

to retain the rides in the daytime 
events and have them during the 
evening concert," Beebee said. 
"This helped to retain the students 
who weren't too interested in the 
music. They could play while the 
music was going on." 

Roberts also commented upon 
- alcohol use at the festival . 

"In all of our a~~ertising, we 
always encourage people to be 
responsible," Roberts said. "For 
those people who weren't out-
landishly drunk, they probably 

enjoyed the evening more. 
"They aren't spending Saturday 

in detox," he added. 
This year only six people were 

detained for being drunk in public. 
They were all transported to the 
downtown detoxification center. 
Another five people were cited and 
released for being minors in pos-
session of alcohol. 

For the past five months, the 
Sun God committee planned both 
the daytime and nighttime enter-
tainment for the festival. 

During the daytimo, Chere were a 
, See FUTlVAL, Page 8 



2 NEWS 

Regents Discuss 
Admission Criteria 
PUN: Board debates proposal to admit top 4 
percent of seniors from each Californja hjgh school 
By Ryan Olson 
Co-News Editor 

LOS ANGELES - The UC 
Board of Regents discussed last 
Thursday a new admissions pro-
posal that would admit the top 4 
percent of graduating seniors of 
each California public high 
school. 

Tentatively dubbed the " UC 
M eri t Scholars" program, the pro-
posal would pro-
vide access to 
3,500 to 3,600 
additional students 
per year. 

UC Riverside 
Professor Keith 
Widaman, chair of 
the UC Board on 
Admissions and 

Widaman said B.O.A.R.S. is 
also considering changing some 
of the eX lsltng admissions 
requirements, including reducing 
or eliminating the use of addition-
al points for honors or advanced-
placement courses. 

Widaman comment ed that 
the majority of the 3,500 to 
3,600 students that would be eli -
gib le under the program would 

come from large 
urban sc hools and 
small rural 
schools across the 
state. 

Relations with 
S c hool s 
(B.O.A.R.S.), pre-
sented the proposal 
to the regents at 
their monthly 
meeting. 

"This sends 
outa me ... ge 
to lots of 
schools that 

UC President 
Richard Atkinson 
said the proposal 
would encourage 
sc hools to 
improve their "a-
r' course offer-
ings. 

"This sends 
out a message to 
lots of schools 
that there's oppOP 

Widaman said 
the proposal repre-
sents " the most 
radical and funda-
mental change in 
the Master Plan ... 
in more than 30 
years." 

The California 
Master Plan for 
Higher Education 

there's 
opportunity 
here. H'. not 
easy to be In 
the top 4 
percent of 
your class." 

!Unity here," 
Atkin son said. 
" It 's not easy to 
be in the top 4 
percent of your 
class." 

Several 
regents, including 
Ward Connerly, 
voiced concerns - Richard Atkinson 

calls for the University of Calif or-
nia to admit the top 12.5 percent 
of all graduates from the state's 
publie high schools. 

Current admissions criteria 
require students to achieve a 3.3 
GPA in 15 "a-I" classes. Students 
with GPAs between 2.82 and 3.29 
can still qualify for admission 
with above-average Scholastic 
Assessment Test (S.A.T.) or 
American College Test (A.C.T.) 
scores. 

Under the new proposa l, the 
top 4 percent of graduating high 
school seniors from each high 
school would qualify for univer-
sity admission - provided that 
they completed II of the 15 "a-
r ' courses by the end of thei r 
junior year. 

Students admitted under the 
plan would have to complete all 
15 "a-f' courses and take the 
S.A.T. or A .C.T. before graduat-
ing from high school. 

Although the tes t scores 
would not be considered in 
determining their eligibi Iity sta-
tus, the scores might affect 
which campus that the students 
would auend. 

UC President about automatical-
ly admitting students from every 
high school. 

" I think you've got to give us 
more reassurance that quality is 
not going to be affected," Conner-
Iy told Widaman. 

Other regent s expressed 
fears that the new proposa l 
would not encourage high 
schools to increase the quality 
of their programs, or that par-
ents would move thei r children 
to schools that are less demand-
ing so they would be in the top 
4 percent. 

Widaman said that simulations 
show the new criteria would 
slightly increase the eligibility 
rates of African-American, Hi s-
panic amI Native-American stu-
dents from II percent of the over-
all UC eligibility pool to 12 per-
cent. 

The proposal has been sent 
to high school principals and 
di stri ct superintendents for 
review and commen ts. It is also 
being re v iewed by ca mpus 
groups . 

Widaman said the proposal 
could be voted on by the regents 
as early as July. 

III 
Tile UCSD GUMcfian Is pUOIiShea MOndays and Thu,sdays aurinl the ac_mle 
year by and lor the students 01 UCSD. Repmductlon 01 this n""Spaper In any 
lo,m. whether In whOle or In part. withOut pe,mlssion Is strictly prOhlbltea. 
C 1998, all nlhts reserlled. The UCSD Guardl""ls not resoonslble lor the retu'n 
0' unSOlicited manuscripts or art. The views •• pressed hefeln do not necessarily 
represent the opinions 01 The UCSO GUMcfillt>, the University 01 California or the 

• I' , 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, May 18, 1998 

ETCETERA.· .. 

TE L.L /11\& ASTOR'::'. 
AkBAQ.. 

Ot-lU: OPoIJ ATtME., 
1+-\E.Re. W~ lWo 

LI m..t. !=AT 6U !::K 

AIJO 1\{~':1 BOT!' l.Oo~EO 
ApJOTAt.~E.O ANO ACTtO 
€'iA(TI..~ U~ €AtH ~t, 

BRIEFLY ••• 

Birch to Offer Recreational Events 
An evening study cruise on the waters of San Diego 

Bay is being offered by the Birch·Aquarium at Scripps on 
Thurs., May 21 from 5:30 p.m. to 9 :30 p.m. The min~ 
oceanographic cruise, aboard a specially equipped 
research vessel , features opportunities to gather data, 
collect marine samples and tearn about the scientific 
discoveries made aboard. The fee for the cruise is $25, 
and advance reservations are required. For more infor-
mation, call 534·7336. 

Two Promising UCSD Scientists 
Named Sloan Fellows 

Two young scientists - Patricia Jennings, assistant 
professor of chemistry and biochemistry and Ykiko 
Goda, assistant professor of biology - have been 
selected as this year's Alfred P. Sloan Fellows. 

Each year, the Sloan Foundation awards 100 fel-
lowships to young scholars who show · outstanding 
research promise " in physics, chemistry, mathemat-
ics, neuroscience, economics or computer science. 
The award includes a two-year, unrestricted, 
$35,000 grant that can be used to support 
research. 

Jennings is researching the protein-folding problem 
which is akin in difficulty to solving a three-dimensional 
jigsaw puzzle that is bouncing around on a series of 
vibrating Slinkies. Working out the folding pattern would 
be the first major step toward the rational design of 
antibodies, enzymes and other chemicals that might 
help scientists cure diseases. 

Goda is conducting research on synapses, where 
information is passed from one neuron to another. She 
is working to understand the specific activities within 
brain cells that regulate the efficiency of this trans-
synaptic activity. 

Many winners of the Sloan award have gone on to 
greater research honors during their careers ; the list 
includes 21 Nobel Laureates. 

U.S.-latin American Relations To . 
Be Discussed At Conference 

ucsO's Center for Iberian and Latin American StUd-
ies (CILAS) will sponsor a conference on U .S.·Latin 
American relations at the Institute of the Americas Com-
plex May 22 and 23. 

The event will feature some of the world 's top 
experts on U.S. policy toward Cuba, human rights in 
Guatemala, free trade in the Americas and the U.S. 
· War on Drugs, " including Jorge Castaneda, a well-
known critic and authority on U.S.·Latin American 
relations; Richard Feinberg, a former high-ranking 
official with the Clinton Administration; and Lars 
Schoultz, a leading expert on inter·American rela· 
tions . 

The conference, which is free and open to the pub-
lic, will begin with a panel discussion on new approach· 
es to the study of U.S.-Latin American relations. Later, 
there will be a reception and book signing by panel par-
tiCipants. 

For more information, call 534-6050. 

GENEVIEVE cox. Features Editor 
JESSICA SCHEPPMANN. Associate Features Editor 

MEGAN KLEIN, Opinion Editor 

OUHlflER: Kari Friedman. Daniel Muniz 
COM"'TER 1UI'I'0RT: M ... cus Lobbla 
AOVlRTlIINQ ASIIITANT : Meloay Gonzales 

JESSYCA WALlACE, Associate Opinion Editor 
TRAVIS HILL, Sports Editor 

JONAH NISENSON, Co-Associate Sports Editor 
KEVIN McLAUGHLIN. Co-Associate Sports Editor 

ILONA FASS, Co-Hlarus Editor 
SCOTT YAGER, Co-/'fiatus Editor 

CLAIRE SCHNEIDER, Photo Editor 
BRENDAN CAHILL, Graphics Editor 

CIRCULATION ASSISTANTI: Philip Goldman, Greg Little , Anne-Marie Ross, Erie 
Wood 

ANN BAREFIELD, BUSiness Manager 
BROCK HALTER, Advertising Manager 

MIKE MARnNEZ, AdvertiSing Art Director 
JOE PAN, Advertising Design & Layout 

JOHN BARBER, Advertising Design & Layout 
YVETTE ALCALA, Asslslant Business Manager 

WALT DICKINSON, Design Editor 
NICK RUNCO, Online Ed/ lor Associated Students. The UCSD Gu.,dllIII Is Iun<Ie<I solely by """",tlslng. News/Features: 534-5226. General EdltOflal : S34-6581 WelCOme to the Angeta Davls/ I.ssyea Wallace .00tlon 01 the Guar!1lan. 

mrrOltIAl ASSISTANTS: CMltlna Schrenk. Erika Snider Opinion/Sports: 5346582. Hiatus: 534-6583 
TORY LEW, Edilor In Chief _1_ WWlTERI: 11>11 Glanzmann. M.y Hlalns. len,,! NiChOlson. Sean AdIIe ltisi~ Office: 534-3466. Fax: 534-7691 

JONAH FItEEDMAN. Co-Managing Editor RaNmI, Anna Valsman. 5t""" Walsh e-mail: ,uardian(i)ucsd.edu 
GRACE JANG. Co-Managlnt Editor .... ~: Jell,ey Barile,. Rachel 0"1. Kara Car1os. Poul Dod8e. lacob . 
TUITMA GMNSHAW, Copy Editor GorClon, Vincent G<lII"ani, K8C1e Juna. MMthe" Kal inowski. Annam Manthlram. Guardian Online: http://_.ucsd.edu/iuardian/ 

MARC COMO Assoclale Copy Emlor Er." Meo,. Sara MoosllYi. Elvin Plrt<e. KIIYiIa Sadana, Eve Senuty, Saul Sheri· UCSD Guardian, 9500 Gilman Drive 0316, 
JUlIA KULLA.ADD. Co-N_s Editor ~~ Q~u. s. Javan WYCai. Ya-lel Y..... La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 

,. ~ ouopt, C~$ i.dilor ~~~ Chen. UH Hun, t.tonII<a~, DeYid 
'.' 0' ·.·.·.·.·.·.·.·~MJIlffJClA'~ltHrINt ... · ..... ·.· ... ·.·.·.'l¥iAl,.,.. ___ . _ , "l'st'!l>ller ~~tr ~,Wi''''''' V ~ 'Mie •• oLo.......;"" ... t:,;;uol:;....::.Ioc;.:;.t,;;;;IOf"t;-,: ... Second.;.::.;....::-.FIoor= .... UC;;,;S:,;;O .. s .. tuden ...... t_c_en_te_' Bu_lkII_"' ....... ·" _·. R_m_._ll_7---.. 

- ~ . .-.. ------- - -

• 1 

Monday, May 18, 1998 

Lights 
Sirens 

Lights & Sirens is a selection of 
entries compiled from the log book 
of the UCSD Police Department. 

Tuesday, May 12 
6:49 p.m.: A student reported the 
theft of a wallet from the Geisel 
Library. Loss: $60. 
Wednesday, May 13 
9:11 a.m.: An officer reported a ver-
bal confrontat ion at Center Hall. 
7:00 p.m.: San Diego Sheriff'S 
deputies recovered a stolen license 
plate. Stored in evidence locker at 
SDSO Encinitas substation. Suspect 
in custody. Owner not yet notified. 
8:55 p.m.: Officers detained a 17-
year-old female non-affiliate for 
petty theft at the Geisel Lib rary. 
Released at the police station. 
Thursday, May 14 
1:02 p.m. : A staff member reported 
the theft of a wallet from the Muir 
Biology Building. Loss: $184. 
6:15 p.m.: A student reported the 
violation of a temporary restraining 
order at Galbraith Hall. 
8:00 p.m.: A student reported the 
theft of a license plate from lot 355. 
8:43 p,m,: A student reported the 
burglary of a '91 Dodge Stealth. 
Loss: $2,500. 
8:49 p,m.: A student reported the 
theft of cash and credit cards from 
the Geisel Library. Unknown loss. 
Friday, May 15 

WRITING: 
Mayor awards UCSD 
writer with own day 
Continued from page 1 
to be " Sherl ey Anne William s 
Day." 

·'Dr. Willi ams is one of our pre-
mier black women novelists of our 
age," said Patricia Liggins Hill, 
edi tor of Call Gild Response 
Anthology. " UCSD is very fortu-
nate to have her." 

Williams had eq ually kind 
words for her co lleagues. 

"I can' t say enough abou t Ann 
duCille bein g able to organ ize 
something like this - to get so 
many different people on campus 
involved in the effort to talk about 
the work of black women writers," 
Williams said . " ) think it's a 
tremendous thing for the campus 
and for the department. I'm very 
pleased to be si lting here with, on 
the one hand, Sand ra Jackson-
Opoku , who is here with her first 
novel I The River Where Blood is 
Born], and with the anthologist 
Patricia Liggins Hi ll." 

2:51 a.m .: Officers detained a 19-
year·o ld male student for being 
drunk in public at the Sun God . 
Transported to Detox. 
2:00 p.m.: A student suffered from 
a shoulder injury after falling on the 
lawn by the Sun God . Transported 
to Thornton Hospital by paramedics. 
2:07 p,m.: Officers arrested a 59-
year-old staff member for the illegal 
use of a handicapped placard. Cited 
and released. . 
3:05 p.m.: Officers arrested a 2()' 
year-old female non-affiliate for being 
a minor in possession of alcohol at 
the walkway between the Marshall P 
and Q buildings. Cited and released. 
3:35 p.m.: Officers arrested a 2()' 
year·old female for being a minor in 
posseSSion of alcohol in lot 310 . 
Cited and released. 
4:20 p.m.: Officers arrested a 19-
year·old for being a minor in pos-
session of alcohol at the Marsha ll 
Apartments. Cited and released. 
5:10 p.m.: Officers detained an 18-
year·old male student for being 
drunk in public in lot 310. Trans· 
ported to Detox. 
6:57 p.m.: Officers arrested a 19-
year-old male non·affiliate for being 
a minor in posseSSion of alcohol. 
Cited and released. 
7:10 p_m.: An officer filed a report 
concerning the confiscation of drug 
paraphernalia at the south side of 

Wi lliams first wrote Oessa Rose 
in Ihe form of a short story, "M edi-
tations on History," which she said 
was insp ired by Davi s' landmark 
1971 essay, " Reneclions on the 
Black Woman 's Role in the COI11 -
muni ty of Slaves." 

Accordi ng to duCi ile, Davis' 
essay served "as a darion call bid -
ding artists and intelleclUals alike 
to produce an alternative history 
and art that cri tically examined the 
roles that black women have 
played in shaping American culture 
and society .. · 

Davis spoke of Ihe intersecti on 
of race and gender in her keynote 
address, as well as the societal 
denomination of black women as 
wei fare queens, the miSlreatment 
of pri ·oners and the link bctween 
the rcpcal of affirmative action and 
thc changing nature of the prison 
sys telll . 

" In Ihis post-affi rmative action 
era .. . it is incumbent upon us to 
find ways of disrupting the trajec-
tories along which black men and 
women are being drivcn - lhat is, 
instead of leading Ihem toward col-
leges and universi ti es, and turn ing 

UCSD 

The UCSD Guardian 

Marshall Apartments. 
8:21 p.m.: Officers arrested a 2()' 
year-otd male non·affi liate for being 
a minor in possess ion of alcohol 
and providing false identification. 
Cited and released. 
9:16 p.m.: Officers detained a 21· 
year-old male student for being drunk 
in public near the Marshall Provost's 
Office. Transported to Detox. 
9:39 p.m.: Officers detained a 19-
year-o ld male non-affiliate for being 
drunk in public on the west side of 
RIMAC. Transported to Detox. 
10:15 p_m.: Officers detained a 19-
year-old female student for being 
drunk in public near lot 351. Trans· 
ported to Detox. 
10:55 p.m.: Officers detained a 19· 
year-old male student for being 
drunk in public in the RIMAC lobby. 
Transported to Detox. 
Saturday, May 16 
1:05 p_m.: A student reported the 
theft of a backpack from Round 
Table Pizza. Loss: $212. 
Sunday, May 17 
4:32 a.m,: Officers arrested a 43-
year-old male non-affiliate for the pos-
session of a controlled substance 
and on a misdemeanor warrant for 
making terrorist threats. Transported 
to County Jail. Bail set at $30,000. 

- Compiled by Leena Shankar 
Associate News Editor 

them into the primary, raw material 
for the prison induSlrial complex," 
Davis said. 

After her address, Davis com-
mented on Ihe low number of 
minority studenl s at UCSD. 

" What worrics mc is thal the 
nUlllocrs of studcnts uf co lur un 
lhi s campus are dwindling 10 per-
haps Ihe point to where Ihey were 
when I was a student here, which 
led us to take orne steps 10 guaran-
tee the admi ssion of siudents of 
w lor," Davis said. "This is a crisis . 
These are difficult times .. . I have 
heard that Ihe San Diego campus 
has the [lowest] numbers of [stu-
dents of culorl , so ii's an indication 
of lhe work we have to do." 

One student, who declined to 
give her name, approached Davis 
after the spccl:h and wepl as Davis 
hugged her. 

" It was like being embraced by 
faith," the student said. ··By faith , 
by hope lof! the possibi l ity of 
change in the futu re, the possibility 
of growlh, the possibility of chang-
ing rea lity." 

For excerp ts from Davis ' 
address, please tum 10 page 9. 

FI 
Planning your fall schedule but don't see what you want? UCSD 
Summer Session will be offering over 200 courses in two five-week 
sessions: June 29-July 31 and August 3-Sept. 4. To receive tbe Sum-
mer Session Catalog, mail tbis coupon to tbe address below, 
Name ________________________________________________ _ 

Address---------------------------------------------
City. State Zip, _______ _ 
Mail to: University of California, San Diego 
Summer Session Dept. 0179 
9500 Gilman Dr. , La Jolla Ca 92093-0179 

OPEN TO THE 
PUBLIC 

Browse tire Summer Session ('(Ita/og on tire World Wide Web Site: 
htlp:!!orpheu:f,uc!id.edulsummer 

University of California, San Diego 
. , , , , 

, ..... .. ., .. " ..... ,., .. ~ ... .. !" .... ...... ... <t •• • ., •••• •• ~ . 

NEWS 3 

International Studies Abroad.(8OO) 580-8826 
Spain 

Ecuador 
France 

Mexico 
Chile 

Costa Rica 
http://www.studlesabroad.com 

6:00 A.M. 
starts free breakfasts, give-aways, and the celebration ofUCSD's panicipation 
in San Diego's Bike ro Work Day in LOI 510 on May 21st - (6 19) 534-RIDE. 

,,J UCSD J (Jarking. ucsd.edu 
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA SAN DIEGO TRANSPORTATION & PARKING SERVICES 

Serving the UCSD pre-medical community since 1985 

* M.D.'sTRAINING M.D. 's-OF-THE-FuTURE * 
• INTENSIVE MCAT preparation & medical school appticalionl 

admiss ions assistance are all we d we're Mo/like l/ie other gllYs.' 

• MeAT EXPERTS: an indepcndenl program taught by UCSD-Irai ncd 
ucadcmic M.D.'s, top M.D.-Ph.D. candidates. & English Depanment 
Ph.D. facully. 

• ORIGINATOR of intensive MCAT prep in San Diego t :\ years ago! 
• 9 WEEKS (150+ hours) of detailed in-class instnlcllon & reat M AT 

testing, problem solving, reading/writ ing workshup>, review gruups, 
mcd seh 01 applicalion & admissions >tratcgics, & tutoring. 

• 2500 PAGES of ori ginaltuke-homc review no tc~. rcading & writing 
~tudyguidc s, MCAT & admi ss ion mmegy handouts. problem selS, & 
MCA T-qualily timcd practicc c~ams. 

• REAl. MCAT TESTING for in-class & lake-hornc practice. 
• DIRECT CONTACT wllh young CSD docs & rned studcnts . 
• TUTORING, pre-mcd library & mcd school appticmion help/ree! 
• ON CAMPUS al lhe UCSD School of Mcd· 
• $250 L ESS Ihan other cuur,es. 



4 OPINION The UCSD Guardian Monday, May 18, 1998 

PINION 
From close proximity to classes to being able to stumble safely home after a hard night of 
studying, the perks of living on campus can be summed up in one word - convenience! 

By Tommy Vu 
Staff Writer 

As the summer quick ly approaches, one 
question that creams through every retum-
ing student 's mind is: "Where the hell am I 
going to live next year?!" Upper apartments 
or lowers? All -campus housing at Warren or 
not? And perhaps the most important ques-
tion - to stay on campus or move off alto-
gether? 

Being a freshman at Marshall , I'm guar-
anteed housing for two years - which left 
me, a couple of months ago, wi th the choice 
of staying on campus or moving out into La 
Joll a somewhere. I gladly dec ided to stay on 
campus at the Marshall apartmen ts, other-
wise known as the uppers. 

After the two years arc over, however, I, 
like all other students here at UCSD, will be 
kicked off campus, something that is not fa ir. 

"What?! " some of you must be thinking. 
"Why would you want to stay at thi s hell -
hole? Stupid freshman." Wai t - let me 
defend myse lf before you condemn me 
fo r being a lowly first-year student. 

There are many good reasons to 

stay on-campus, the most prominent being 
convenience. Like many students who allend 
school at UCSD, I'm from out of town -
way out of town. Sacramento, to be precise. 
Since I li ve so far away, it means at least a 
IO-hour drive if I want to bring a car down. 
Worse yet, even if I was willing to dri ve, I 
don't own a car. Since I and many other stu-
dents do not have cars at school, li ving on 
ca l,npus provides the simplest solution for 
gelling to class. 

Some might argue that I could always 
bike or ro llerblade to my classes. Fair 
enough, but li ke most other students (at least 
the normal ones), the convenicnce of li vi ng 
on campus lets me more easil y practi ce the 
last of the Seven Deadl y Sins: sloth. 

Everything is very conveniently located 
near my apartment for nex t year. Solis, Peter-
son, Sequoyah, the Cogniti ve Science Build-
ing, the Social Science Building and the 
International Relations/Pacific Studies com-
plex arc a few footsteps away. There is a 

wmputer lab in the Economics 
building fo r us non-computer 
owners. There are tennis courts 

at North Parking and the Thurgood Marshall 
Admi nistration Complex when I' m bored . 

RIM AC is part icu larly close for me when 
I finally drag my ass ofT the couch and away 
from the NHL playoffs. There's the cui de 
sac near the uppers, perfect for a game of 
ro ller hockey with my neighbors, and Mar-
shall Field to toss the Fri sbee around. For 
evcrything else, I can take the great shullic 
system that always comes on time - to the 
minute, if your watch is six minutes latc. And 
best yet : the food . 

place next door if I'm too lazy to cook any-
th ing. Expect a few knocks on your door, 
Chri stine, Emi ly and Pegah. Convenience at 
my doorstep! 

Wa it ! I' m not saying the food on campus 
is great - good God, no! Sure, Oceanview 
Terrace isn't T.G.!. Friday 's, but hey, it is 
onl y a few hundred feet from my fron t door 
- and knowing me and my roommates, 
we ' re not going to be cooking every night 
next year. There's no way I'm eating frozen 
dinners evcry single ni ght until someone 
decides to cook. Living on campus provides 
food on the spot. 

Perhaps the most important and positive 
aspect about li ving on campus is the very few 
"external" worries you have to deal with. 
God knows, we all have enough to dea l with 
just going to th is university. If you li ve on 
campus, you have no reason to worry ahout 
the old fo lks upstairs complaining about the 
loud and vulgar musi c we all blast, Internet 
service is free and you don' t have to deal 
with the water or the electricity hill . 

Perhaps the greatest of all the worries not 
to wo rry about (if that made any sense at all ) 
is that you don' t have to worry about driving 
back 10 your apartment drunk. Hey, all your 
buddies (and therefore part ies) are near you. 
Bonus convenience! 

If I don ' t feci like eating over-cooked ri ce 
or undercooked burgers at OVT, I have the 
option of cook ing something in my apart-
ment. Of course, there's always the gi rls' 

Take the fo llowing scenario, for example, 
an idea my current roommate came up with 
when I a ked him where I could go with thi s 
article. 

After gell ing drun k off two large bottles 
See HERE, Page 6 

Living off campus provides fun aplenty 
and an active, healthy social life free of 
pesky security guards in yellow jackets 

By Dan Streeter 
Staff Writer 

There comes a time in the life of 
every UCSD student when he or she 
must make that all-im portant decision. 
At ·ome point, we all must dec ide 
whether 10 continue living in the sad 
fantasy world that is UCSD housing, or 
to grow-the- hell -up and get a place off 
campus. If you have not fi gured it out 
yet, I am a proponent of living outside 
of the fri endly confi nes of UCSD. 

I understand that liv ing in the dorms 
and pretending that you were a cast 
member on 'T he Real World" had its 
moments, but greener p.lstu res await 
you. I also know the li berat ing thrill of 
movi ng into a campus apartment, but 
they arc all beige or some derivative of 
beige, like gray or sort of white - fo r a 
reason, if you know what I mean. 

The whole premise of on-campus 
housing shou ld make it pretty clear why 
it is so much better to move away from 
the rolling hill s and hrown canyons of 
UCSD. Campus housing is not designed 
to be social or fun -inducing. The myriad 
doorways, corn ' rs and walk ways of 
basica lly all campus housing arc meant 
to keep thi ngs separate, quiet, easy to 
patrol and easy to cont rol. 

Have you ever tried gelling 20 peo-
ple into your apart ment or ~uite? Did it 
last long·' I douht it. ampus security 
docs a great job, which i~ to bad if you 
want to have an actu al part y. UCS D res-
idents arc under the watchful eye of 
RAs, SOs, RSO~ and, last hut not 
least, the CPD. You nam ' an acronym, 
and it 's all over you when you want to 
make some noise with your fri ends any 
time after 10. 0 offense to campus 
security, but thi s was not in the campus-
life brochure. 

So, basicall y, the social benefi ts of 
li vi ng around a bu nch of co llege kids arc 
terminall y sti ned by the pain fully effec-
tive campus securit y system. 

The ot her se lling point fo r on-cam-
pus living is the so-called conveni ence. 
I don ' t know about you, but now that I 
li ve off campus, I still wa lk 10 to 15 
mi les to and from class every day (This 
estimate is hased on my tendency to 
exaggerate and wh ine and not necessar-
i Iy related to any actual facts) . II doesn' t 
mailer whether you start from the shut-
tle stop or yo ur front door, there is noth-
ing convenient about a campus the size 
of a sma ll country. 

Okay, so let's get down to it. Why is 
it rea lly so much beuer outside of the 
vacuous socia l vacuum of on-campus 
living? (In case you didn' t notice, that 
was a vacuous vacuu m. That's twice the 
vacuum for your readi ng pleasure. 
Thank me later.) 

The things that stand out immediately 
arc the tw basic social lubricants at 
UCSD, namely alcohol and pornography. 
I know what you arc sayi ng. You' re say-
ing, "Dan, I have lots of alcohol and porno 
ri ght here in my apartment and/or donn. 
You must he out of your gourd to think 
that my life could he any more complete." 

Well , ca lm down and [' II explain it to 
you. li s not the quantit y of thc~e things 
that makes off-ca mpus housing beller, 
it's the quality. You sec, [ can wa lk 
around my apartment complex with a 
true-to-li fe beer hOll le in my hand. 

ure, it's not legal, hut what's gonnn 
happen'! Are the complex-cops going to 
chase me down? I think not. ven if they 
do, these guys can ' t make more than six or 

~even bu 'ks an hour, I think I can per-
'uade them to sec things my way without 

See THERE, Page 6 

.. , 

Monday, May I , 1998 The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

COMMENTARY: By deciding to fund an unproven student organization and by voting to increase funding to another 
organization known to mismanage its money, this year 's council is perhaps not acting in the best interest of tre students 

A.S. COUNCIL MAKING RASH AND ILLOGICAL DECISIONS 
By Jessyca Wallace 
Associate Opinion Editor 

A new Assoc iated St udent s 
(A. S.) Council has taken offi ce and 
noti ceably, although not necessari -
ly positi ve ly, taken charge. Last 
Wednesday's council meeting, 
which incidentall y lasted until aft er 
midnight, was dedicated to approv-
ing A.S. President Joe Leventhal 's 
executive budget. 

Before I proceed wi th my less-
than-fri endly appraisa l of what 
occurred at the meeti ng, though. I 

\~ould like - in a moment of sati s-
faction - to acknow ledge those 
memher · of the council whom I 
fce l are doing their johs well . 

Joe Leventhal, president , has 
been working harder for Ihe stu -
dent s and fo r the counci l than any 
president I've encountered in my 
rour years here. 

In order to create an equitahlc 
and fisca lly respon,ih lc budget , 
Leventhal held unprecedented open 
forums to discuss with studen ts and 
fac ulty where they thought A . . 
monies should be directed. Also. he 
thoroughl y researched all of his 
budget dec isions and assembled a 
l iS-page packet of facts and infor-
mation to support those decisions. 

Leventhal has demonstrated that 
he wi ll yield on issues for which he 
fee ls he may not hold the majority 
opinion on, and he has also shown 
hi , confidence in hi s reasoning 
processes by vetoi ng hoth the Aca-
demic Success Program (A.S.P. ) 
and an increase in Universi ty of 

California Student Assoc iation 
(UCSA) fund ing. 

Kim McKoon, vice president 
internal , is doing a phen menul job 
of nrnning smooth meetings. He 
shows the abi lit y to take charge and 
maintai n a fair speaker's li st, and 
has created signs to let speakers 
know how much time they have 
remaining. He handles questi ons 
fro m counci l memhers effective ly 
and demonstrates a thorough 
unders tanding of parl ia mentary 
procedure - th ' protoco l hy which 
the meetings arc ru n. 

Oli ver Bullerick, commissioner 
of academic affairs, is showing ini-
tiative in motioning to provide char-
ters for all AS. services in order to 
create a smoother, more ctfective 
relationship hetween them. 

While I like hi s zeal. I am con-
cerned that he feels it his duty to 
introduce these mailers whi le the 
council i~ in ession - this type of 
issu..: should he dealt with in Intem,ll 
Commilll:c meet i ng' and/or Senate 
meetings - and that he might mis-
unde rstand the relat ionshi p betwecn 
som' services and the A.S. 

Jaso n Elli s, int erim Warren 
freshman senator, is 10 he com-
menued for recogni£i ng why and 
how he was elected to the council ; 
he registered a complai nt du ring 
Wednesday's meeting that he was 
given inadcquate time to make a 
decision on A.S.P. Ellis said that he 
was unable to consult hi s con-
stit uency, hi s co llege councilor to 
p rfonn any research of his own. 

If the A.S. desires, 
as the student body 
wishes it would, to 
be fiscally 
responsible, it 
absolutely cannot 
give additional 
money to an 
organization that 
will mismanage it. 
This is Illogical and 
counter-productive. 

Now to return to your regularly 
sc heduled criti cism of the A .. 
Counci l. I thi nk it is safe to say that 
most of the student body would 
like to see thi s year 's A.S. Council. 
above all else, be lisca ll y responsi-
ble wilh student money. Last year's 
council did it , and [ am confiden t 
that the same can happen this year 
- although Wednesday night 's 

mceti ng has put a dent in that con-
fidence. 

Fiscal responsihility comes 
fro m careful delibe ration and 
research on the part of al! counci l 
mcmhers regardi ng all isslles that 
appear on their agenda. It also 
comes from being well -informed 
and voting as such. As of Wednes-
day. I don't sec council members 
bei ng we" - in fo rm ~d or voting 
accord ingly. 

The nascent cademic Su..:cess 
Prog ram (A.S.P.) crossed the 
proverhia ltable of the AS. ouneil 
last Wed nesday and hrought a 
~ torl1l of debate with it. 

ouncil rather di sappointi ngly 
voted the A.S. P. become an A.S. 
service, joining the ranks of the Vol-
unteer Connecti on. Assoc iated Stu -
u..:nts Internship Offi ce (A.S. 1.0.) 
and Unde rgraduate Scholastic 
(U.S.) Grants. It W,L~ presented as a 
$12,950 amendmcnt to the cxecu-
tive hudgel - pending approval of 
a charter agreement hetwcel\ the 
A.S. and A.S. P. - with the funding 
to come fru m the A.S. Soft 
Reserves Income account. 

The servi ces provided by A.S.P. 
- a sma ll -scale book-lendi ng pro-
gram. peer mentorship, tutori ng 
and exam archi ves - while noble 
in intent, wi ll not serve the entire 
student body adequately enough to 
justify such a huge A.S. cxpendi -
turc. Thi s is cspe.:iall y true consid-
eri ng that many of these services 
already ex ist at the college level 
and through the Office of Academ-

ic Support and Instructional Ser-
vices (O.A.S.I. S.). 

The A.S. Counci l funded this 
program without a solid charter 
proposal; the group 's proposal did 
not indicate adequate research or a 
clear plan. Thi s organization has no 
established trac k record at UCSD, 
and is being funded at a greater 
level than all three other A.S. ser-
vices combined; se rvices Ihat ha ve 
existed since 1979 and 191)6, 
respect i ve I y. 

By funding A S.P. at thi s level, 
A.S. Council has said that it 
be lieves thi s unproven service is 
single-handedl y more than Ih ree 
times as important than all th ree of 
those services together. There has 
ohviously been some miscommuni-
cation 10 the council regarding the 
estahli shment and function of A .. 
services. 

Beyond my funding concerns of 
A.S.P. lies an even greater fear -
that this counci l, as a body, will not 
he capab le of making educated 
decisions ahout anYlh ing. When ;tn 
item - be it an agenda item or an 
amend ment to an item or whatever 
- w mes up in council caucus, it 
gets one-half hour of time to be 
debated by the council. Frequently, 
motions are made to ex tend time 
because one-half hour is insuffi -
cient to make an informed vote on 
an issue. 

I found it disturbing that, not 
onl y did council members motion 
to end debate before the half-hour 

See JUDGEMENT, Page 7 

FREE PRE-MED SEMINAR 
thing You Always YV!lnted To. Know About 
~n .. rY·ng Into And Survlvlng Medlcal School 

But Were Afraid To Listen To" 
Featuring Guest Speaker 

Louise Howard 
UCLA School of Medicine 

Admissions Committee Member 
Program Director 

Student Academic Support Program 

Wednesday, May 20th, 1998 at 6:00 pm 'in Garren Auditorium 
sponsored by 

..., ... _.-_ .... _ L __ ._._~ n ....... _...-.. 
I !J'1-I«1::r~ -#"I:~~-::I" -""'~ 

M"edical division of THE PRINCETON REVIEVV 



6 OPINION 

(fNitht Owls 
Do you bave a aerlGus problem getting to sleep at 

night IIIId waldng up In the momlng? 

Wish you could start your day earlier? 

SynChrony Applied Health Sciences and UCSD are 
recruiting people 18-39 years old for 

paid participation in a non-drug IIgbt treatment 
researcb study. 

If interested. please call 452-7881 

Ju t do it ... for people who don't want to. 

Guardian Classifieds, Student Center, upstairs 

,Job Opcznins 
S¢n.io1" Ma1"Mi;inS Cl~l."k 

UnivC:l"'sity Cc:ntc:l"'S M2.l"'kc:tin~ Dc:p2.l"'tmc:nt 
$8 .75 per hour 

15 - 19 hours per week beginning 8/31/98 through 6/99 
Job description: Coordinator of Ihe Price Center Theatre Films. Buil's Eye 
and Espresso Roma performances. Duties include ordering and purchasing 
films, booking performers, coordinating the production and distribution of 
publicity and evont staff coverage. Coordinates College Bowl competition in 
Winter Quarter. Maintains relations with RA's and Student Activity 
Coordinators of each College. 
Queliflcatlon.: Prior on·campus event coordination experience 
required. Ability to follow through. meet deadlines and coordinate 3 
student staff. Knowledge of desktop publishing and word processing 
programs such as Quark. Adobe Illustrator, Photos hop, Microsoft Word 
and E)(cel. 
To Apply: Send a cover leiter and resume to: University Centers 
Marketing Dept. , Attn: Marketing Coordinator, Mail code 0076. Or drop 
off at Room 2.323 on the 2nd level In the Price Center. 

The UCSD Guardian 

HERE: 
Nothing rivals the 
convemence 
COlttln ..... frOlll ..... 4 
of wine cooler, I stumble out of 
one of the apa rtments in building 
K and wander onto the Marshall 
Field. I make my way back ont o 
the sidewalk, steppin g on the 
slugs that seem to infest the area, 
and go to the cuI de sac, where 
I' m conveniently shielded from 
the eyes of the CSOs. After trip-
ping over numerous trash cans 
there, I fina lly reach my apart-
ment in building M. There, my 
roommates drag my wasted body 
over the balcony and into the safe-
t y of our apartment. 

THERE: 
When you long for 
a social life 
Continued from page 4 
so mm;h as a tug on my linances. 

Hell. with the money I get from 
this article 1 plan to pick up a 
twelver of whatever is on sale with 
the Ralphs Club, have a pri vate 
part y hy the pool and use the 
change to make sure the security 
guys look the other way. 

Now for thc pornography issue. I 
am aware that you can keep any 
number of magazines and fli cks in 
your on·campus dwelling. That is 
not the issue. What I'm talking about 
is adu lt entertainmenl routed piping 
hot and fresh into your own home. 

Off campus you can get the best 
in ad ult entertainment via your 
local cable provider. That 's right, 

Thurgood Marshall College 

See, no need to worry about dri -
ving while you're seeing triple. No 
need to worry about shooting down 
Genesee Avenue at 150 miles per 
hour in your friend's car without 
his or her knowledge. And best of 
all. no need to worry about the cops 
knocking on your door for hitting a 
priest, rabbi and a minister on your 
way home. The only person of that 
sort you would have to worry about 
is RSO Big Dave, but your roomies 
can always toss your body into the 
bath tub. 

Why anyonc would want to live 
off campus, I don ' t know. Conve-
nience is the key word here. For 
people without a car, like myself, 
staying on campus is particularly 
convenient. 

A food source is always nearby 

I'm talking about Spice and Play-
boy. No more frustrating experi-
ences with HB O and USA for the 
off-campus dwellers. Have you 
ever tri ed gelling any qua lity sta-
tions hooked up on campus'! 
Impossible. Not a chance. Don' t 
was te your time. 

Lastly, commuters are spared 
fro m the disheartening fate that 
eventually befall s all on-campus 
res idcnts - seeing the same damn 
people everyday, everywhere. You 
know what I mean. You sec them in 
classes, in dining halls and where 
you li ve, too. 

11'5 cool to be fa miliar with peo-
ple, but eeing people over and 
over wears down their attractive-
ne s. It's common knowledge, the 
more you see someone, the less 
good they look. The magic dies and 
the truth comes ou t. II 's why mar-
ri ages die and it 's why UCSD stu-

Monday, May 18, 1998 

(unless you're living out in the 
bOOnies at ERC) so you don't have 
to cook everyday. If you're not in 
the mood for under-cooked or 
over-cooked food (it's never in the 
middle), there's always the kitchen 
for you to play chef in. 

There aren' t water bill s and 
electricity bills to pay. Sure, I admit 
that it might be cheaper to rent an 
apartment off campus, but with that 
extra price you pay, you get the 
convenience of not having to wake 
up earl y to drive or bike to class . 

It may be that I haven' t seen the 
true horrors of living on-campus 
for two years yet. Maybe, maybe 
not. But I'll tell you one thing, I'd 
rather have Big Dave knocking on 
the door than a police offi cer any 
day. 

de nts constantly complain about 
the lack of good-looki ng people on 
campus. 

If you live off campus, this allri -
ti on of beauty is lessened consider-
ab ly. Every day is new and all the 
faces appear a bi t more fresh and 
inv it ing . Sure, they still won' t talk 
to yuu or smile at you. but at least 
there is :1 smaller chance that you 
will sec them again. 

1 think that the issue should be 
pretty clear by now. A magical 
world exists JUSt beyond your dry-
wa ll and ci nder-block prison. A 
world where you can walk around 
with li4uor, dabble in the world of 
adult entertainment , have more 
than 10 people in a room without a 
visit from a guy in a ye llow jacket 
and where people look cuter even if 
they really aren't. This is the world 
of off-campus living . It 's my 
world. Make it your world, too. 

La Jolla based Software Development company 

Attention TMe Students, 
Staff & Faculty: 

meet the candidates for THe 
Assistant Dean of Student Affairs. 
Open interview on these dates Itimes: 

Monday May 18th, I 1:00 • Noon 

Wednesday May 20th, 1:30 - 2:30 

Friday May 22nd, 1:30 • 2:30 

Wednesday May 27th, 1:30 - 2:30 

in the Provost's Conference Room of 

TMC Admi~istration Building 
Feel free to ask what 

you want of each 
applicant:. 

No phone calls lease 

is l<?Oking for college grads that are imerested in 

computer programming as a career. We are hiring 

motivated, se lf-starters to work on our 

ophisticated logistics management systems. 

We will be at the UCSD Career Center on: 
MAY 19,1998 from 8am to 4pm 

If you are interested in our 

opportunities, take your resume to 

the Career Center A AP so that we can 

sch ed ule a t ime to meet with you. We will 

be ho ring a gene ral informatio n session from 

2:30 to 4:00p.m. for anyone interested . Our 

website is www.wpds.com and you are en uraged 

to 1 ok II up be~ re May 19th. 

• La J !l a, A 930 7 

Mondlly, May 18, 1998 

JUDGMENT: 
Council members 
seem to be lacking 
ContInued frOlll ..... 15 
was over, but that the motion 
passed 13-6 (with two abstentions). 
The council is uneducated on 
A.S.P. and they apparently do not 
want to be educated, either. They 
do not want to spend to student 
money wisely. 

I am also curious as to why 
there were no suggestions of alter-
natives to funding A.S.P. fully 
made in the meeting. Why didn ' t 
anyone think to help A.S.P. estab-
lish a track record at UCSD by 
funding only some of the smaller 
serv ices and not the book-lending 
program for a while? At least then 
we could be sure that A.S.P. wasn ' t 
a political agenda, but actually a 
service for the students. 

Many council members made a 
serious judgment error in passing 
A.S.P. Council members voting on 
issues involving so much money 
without thinking extraordinarily 
carefully about the consequences 
'or thoroughly consulting con-
stituencies cannot be tolerated by 
the students, especially because the 
A.S. has historically lost significant 
amounts of money on services that 
are not well -planned prior to coun-
cil approval. 

Assorted Vinyl , an A.S.-run 
music store that once occupied the 
space where On the Juice is in the 
Price Center, cost the A.S. and the 
students apprqximately $60,000 
when it went belly-up. Also, Stu-
dent Cable Works (SCW) - the 
umbrella organization for KSDT 
and Student-Run Tclev ision 

(SRTV) - had initial plans of 
being largely self-sufficient even-
tually but is currently unsure of 
whether that day will ever come. 

Fortunately, Leventhal recog-
nized the council's flagrant mistakes 
in accepting A.S.P' as a service and 
vetoed the action. [t wi II take a 'lJ3 
vote of the council to override the 
veto thi s Wednesday evening, and I 
sincerely hope the senators and 

. commissioners will have reconsid-
ered their actions, done some 
research and wi II not override this 
veto in an uneducated fashion. 

UCSA is an organization that 
functions similarly to the A.S., but 
on a systemwide level. Much of the 
work it does revolves around lobby-
ing UC Regents and state legislators 
on students behalf in order to effect 
changes like the upcoming 5 percent 
fee rollback. Currently, our A.S. 
budget includes a $1 .50 per student 
contribution to help fund UCSA. 

At Wednesday's council meeting, 
a proposal to increase the contribu-
tion to $1.75 per student was put 
forth . This amendment is question-
able, considering the need for A.S. to 
be fiseally responsible and the rea-
sons cited by UCSA for the necessi-
ty of an increased contribution. 

UCSA claims a need for more 
money for operating expenses and 
that, due to changes in the cost of 
living, it needs to give raises to its 
staff members. It is asking the indi-
vidual schools to give more - ask-
ing the students to give more. The 
reason UCSA is unable to manipu-
late it 's budget to support these 
raises is that it has made a practice 
of deficit spending - indicating 
serious fiscal irresponsibility. 

If the A.S. desires, as the student 
body wishes it would, to be fiscally 

The UCSD Guardian 

responsible, it absolutely .cannot 
give additional money to an organi-
zation that will mi smanage it. This 
is illogical and counter-productive. 

While it could be construed as 
respectable that many council 
member feel the money will be 
going to a worthy cause and that it 
is our responsibilit~ to pick up the 
slack for other universiti es in the 
system whose contributions are 
considerably lower, I know the bulk 
of the student body would rather 
see the A.S. Council thinking it's 
their heads rather than it's hearts. 

It simply amazes me that the 
council had the foresight to approve 
an open roll-call vote - one which 
extends voting time until Friday at 4 
p.m - in order to allow for a more 
rea oned decision and for counci l 
members to consulltheir constituen-
cies - yet lacked the ability to vote 
the funding increase down. Again, 
Leventhal saw the error of the coun-
cil's ways and vetoed thi s second, 
egregious action. 

Since the moment I heard the 
results of this year's A.S. election , 
I have publicly and vehemently 
expressed my disappointment in 
those results. People have consis-
tently doubted my seemingly rash 
and equally harsh judgment, but 
nonetheless, I believe the council is 
already demonstrating the potential 
level of its incompetence. 

The students of this university 
need to hold these elected officials 
accountable for their actions. I 
encourage every student who cares 
about how the A.S. spends their 
money 10 attend Wednesday 's 
counci l meeting and let the council 
know that it cannot spend your 
money without first thinking care-
fully about it. 

Overseas Auto IlOO88 !Airamar Rd. 1" 
* Z 1Z .... _ 1 

c> iftIII 
Mirlmlr Rd . 

SERVING UCSO FOR 17 YEARS ••• 
................ t • ... £Xe,",,,t "f"",cllS from lltisf/," eustDmllS! 

I Minor Tune Up Brake Job Special ISpecial Reg. sao 
lOur tune up include. a lot more I Front or rear. Brake job ,"C;fUalrllJ: 

than others. nlncludes: I Il.lnstalilrontpadsOIrearshoes _I 11. NEW Spark plugs 7. Check brakes 2. Drain old biake nuid 
I 2. Check Distributor points B. Check C'"I-:It 13. Inspect hydraulic system • I 3. Check Distributor 9. Check 1i.;I~S I 4. Refill hydraulic Huid ~ • • • 

condensor 10. Check undercarriage 15. BI~ed biake syslem • I I 4. Adiust timing 101 damage I 6. AdJustlront I'f ShoeS) and rear shoes 
I 5. Checi< and replenish 11 . Check cooling system I 11. Road tesl .J all fluid and oil levels & hoses ... - - - - - - - -L!~t=a~ _ ..:!;'=::. _.J FREE TOWING 
r:ts.point-Major SerVice Ii": r=.~o;::.; 
I Special ~ Oil I 
I Ewe for fue/ln/ecttld car • . Our major service Include.: Reg.ll50 I Change 1. New spall< pkl!j$ 12. ~~ _ angle 24. Wlt I!onI eod I I 
I 2. New AI' filer 13. A<!u~ cartJu'eI<J 25.Clteck I« Ioos. nuts & bolts I & 3. New oi hi" It "4u~ ,,-to-luel ral~ 1IixIur. 26. Check light. I 20 pO," nt I 
I I.Chongo "gon' col 15< CIIeck """"9 27. Check undeltamage for damage I . S. Newluel kler 16. Clleckckltcll 2S. Checkan<l ,echatgebane'Y ('~ I Safety Check I 
16. Clleck ~'nbulOI ponl. 17. A~u"ciJlch 29. R.-at. """ - I 7. Clleck tislibutot conden"" IS.Check bral<el 30. Check tore pressure I Spec lOa I I 

8. CO'I'I""'lOIIle~ 19.AdjusI blake. 31 . L!.tIe door honges 19. V.~. i!dtustmenl l"""''''' 20. "4ull..,..,gency brake 32. Check aH hoIdt~ I 
10. New val" COY" gasktl 21. CIIeck I,eplen~h all ftu~ .. ell 33. Check coolin9 .ystem I hoses I llaJe . I 

I I""" _ I 22. CIIeck and adjust expos«! bell 301. Check " ..... "I'/.Iem I ' • 
" . Adjust ~mtng 23. CIIeck elidrc.tJ ""e. 35. ROO<! ,a. LJ 

1 Not.: Ell1r. lor kytln_, kytln.r, .... pr.Ilnum plup. .J 
~-------------~o:I:C"'iutchJ: mm rTimTn; Be it 1 t. New pressure plate 4. New Pllot ::;-' I Special 

2. New Clutch D,sk 5. Change transml$StOr! 0.1 ~ 13. New Throwout bearing S.Road test 1 - - - - -
_ : HydrOIIItc..- ... "'" c_ .... "" .wo.,..... We do extended warranty 

L.:-_ntro. .J 
- - - - - - - - 15, 30, 45, 60, 75, & 90K service 

$79* 

;;; ;:;;I;I:;t Expires 6~/1Ige . ~ 10% Off LABO~ 
engl"". All our work ha. CSD t d nts* * 
• :i-yeIIr or 2O,OQO.mlle for U sue Itmlted warranty. All prien 
Include parta and tabor. " - cu...,t ttucIanC 10 
8008"8 Miramar Road. ___ ......;:.c.:;;.al;.:.l..:.;fo;:.;r...;a;;.;.n.;...a;;;;.t;.J;:.;o~l.;.;.nt;.;.me..;..n_t_n_o_w_I-tI 

695-1990 Rental car avanable. Monday-Friday. 7:30 am-6 pm. Open Saturday 

OPIN'ION' 7 

Irs amazing what earnings of $100k can do for you. 
Just ask the top sales people of the Inside sales 
team at Mastering Computers, a rapidly growing 
leader In IT training. 

Join us in Phoenix, Arizona 
...................... 

Earning potential up to $1 OOk 
• AKwM IDAIIwi 

......... QNIIften 
$9.62 per hOur base pay, plus lhe 
opportunity to earn weekly bonuses 

Earning potential up to $40k * parr·time also available • 

No weekend or evening hours, so you'll have time to enjoy your earnings. 
Please send a resume to: Mnterin& Computers. 9201 &II MouIUIn VIew 
Road, SIIa IlecnIIIInI DepII1menl, 
SUIIe 200, SeoaIdIIc, AI. 85251. rex: 
(602) 657-4010. &MIl: EcIen_1IgIns@ 
MnteringCompulen.com. 
see us at: www.masteringcomputefS.com 
on the Web. 

Bike 
To 

Work 
Day 

Free Food! 
Free Raffle! 

UCSD Prizes Include: 

EOE 

Totes Bags e T-Shirts 
Gift Certificates • & more I 

Regional and Statewide 
Prizes include: 

Commuter Bikes, 
Cycling Gear & Apparel 

Sponsored by 
UCSD Rideshare Operations 

534-RIOE 
and RideLink, in celebration of 



, . 
I l 'I J' I I • 

. , " , . , 

8 NEWS The UCSD Guardian Monday, May 18, 1998 

priority. COUNCIL: 
Alex Tom criticizes 
Leventhal's veto 
ContIIIued froIn ..... 1 

"He talks about [council] mem-
bers' special interests, but the only 
special interests are student inter-
ests," Tom said. "It is very unpro-
fessional for an AS. president who 
has not had much A.S. council 
experience to say that this is not 
student interest." 

ton Taxi and the marketing pro-
gram, but no one took a voiee for 
Itheml. AS.P. has the weight of 
the students' voices." 

Sever41 council members, how-
ever, backed Leventhal's veto. 
Many also expressed their support 
for the program's goals but ques-
tioned the quality of its business 
plans. 

FESTIVAL: . 
"The bands were chosen 

About 90 groups set . through the student commillee," 
Up daytime booths Roberts said. "We tried to choose 

the type of artists that would best 

er because the annual fluctuation of 
these funds would not provide a sta-
ble income for the organization. 
Currently, these monies are used to 
pay the stipends of directors of A.S.-
sponsored services as well as fund 
the new marketing department and 
AS. travel and leadership activities. 

''The funding source is inappro-
priate because it is out of the 
income accounts," Leventhal said. 

The veto has been met with 
criticism from both A.S.P. sup-
porters and AS. Council mem-
bers. Roosevelt senior Alex Tom, 
an A.S.P. member, condemned the 
reasoning behind Leventhal's 
veto. 

'" think Joe had displayed 
unprofessionalism," Tom said. 
"Some of the arguments used to 
veto A.S.P. are the same arguments 
that can be used against some of 
[Leventhal's] programs." 

Tom also criticized Leventhal 's 
belief that the council members 
voted to fund AS.P. out of self-
interest. 

Muir Junior Senator Jennifer 
Lee also expressed coneern over 
Leventhal's veto. Although she 
agreed that he had good rea..~ons 
for vetoing A.S.P., she also agreed 
with Tom that many of Leventhal's 
arguments could be used against 
his own programs - such as the 
Triton Taxi program, which will 
give students free rides home from 
parties, or the new A.S. marketing 
department , which will help publi-
cize A .. S. programs and events. 
The counci I approved funding 
both of these programs during last 
week's budget deliberations. 

"What about his taxi program'!" 
Lee asked "That's not rea lly 
planned out, but it 's a good pro-
gram. Or his new marketing 
department? It 's a good idea, and I 
support it, but that program needs 
to be developed. 

"The students are the ones who 
wanled it, and it gets to me," Lee 
added. ''There was support for Tri-

'" voted no," Revelle Junior 
Senator Casey Luskin said, "but 
when' voted no, it was not a vote 
against A.S.P. I support A.S.P. and 
its programs. 

"It 's irresponsible to give 
$12,000 to an organization that 
docsn't exist. I don't see the need to 
rush money through," Luskin 
added. 

Warren Freshman Senator 
Jason Ellis echoed Luskin's con-
cerns. He said that although there 
is council and student support for 
A.S.P., the organization's backers 
need to plan more before asking 
for fund s again. 

"A.S.P. is, in general , a good 
idea, and no · one is cri ticizing a 
good idea, but we can't base how 
we implement the program on stu-
dent opinions," Ellis said. "The 
issue is not whether we have it, but 
how we will make it work." 

Continued ".. pq. 1 
variety of games, food and informa-
tion booths staffed by approximate-
ly 90 different sludent organizations. 

"Sun God is the best opportuni -
ty for student organizations to 
make some money and also gain 
visibility," Beebee said. 

Besides the booths and carni-
val-like games on the lawn by the 
Sun God scu lpture, there were 
other forms of entertainment for 
students 10 enjoy. 

"The roaming magician, the 
caricature and the henna talloo 
artists were really popular with the 
students," Beebee said. 

Only one injury was reported 
throughoulthe entire day of festiv-
ities. A stadent injured her shoul-
der on the lawn area by the Sun 
God and was transported to Thorn-
ton Hospital for treatment. 

The Roots, d.fRost and Social 
Distortion provided the music for 
Ihe evening at the RIMAC Field. 
When the commillee made its 
band seleclions, Roberts said the 
students ' preference was a main 

3 Rai rs of color 
DISPOSABLES . * 

Free color variety packs for tighl 
or dark eyes when you buy 12 
pairs of FreshLook'" clear 
disposabes . (6-mo. supply) 

Exam, fellow-up, solutions, $14 9 
6 mo. of FreshLooks® Clear, . 
3-pair Rainbow variety pack. After Mfrs. $40 rebate 

DAILY WEAR EXTENDED WEAR 

$89** $99** 
COMPLETE 2PAIRSB&L FW 

.. All .peciol. includ.l.n ••• , .xam • • yecor. kif and follow up vi.it. 
A.tigmatic I.n ••• higher. Not valid with any oth.r off.r. 

Off." expire 8/3 1/98. 

ROBERT HILLIl, 0 .0 . ' STEVEN TATMAN, 0 .0 . 

COSTA VERDE CENTER 
8650 GENESEE AVE. STE. 220 (619)452-7374 

FASHION VALLEY CENTER 
NEAR SAKS FIfTH AVENUE (619)295-0537 

M·f to·7 ' SAT . 10·6 ' I" oN"1 SUN. 11 ·6 

Traditional UCSD 
~ Graduation 

---ouncements 
AT THE UCSD BOOKSTORE • 2ND FLOOR • ELECTRONICS COUNTER 

534.8530 • WWW-BOOKSTORE.UCSD.EDU 

represent the campus population." 
However, Rosalina So, a Mar-

shall sophomore said she had 
never heard of any of the sched-
uled bands. 

"I've heard rumors about the 
bands who were going tb be play-
ing, but none of them are here," 
she said. "I don' t" even know these 
bands [that are scheduled to play], 
but they' re OK." 

According to Beebee, since the 
Sun God Festival has become an 
eSlablished tradition al UCSD, it 
allows the commillee to try out 
new ideas. 

''The nice thing about Sun God 
is that we know people are going 
10 come so we are free to Iry and 
experiment with lillie touches to 
make it better every year," Beebee 
said. "For example, the glow-stick 
was something that was carried 
over from last year and the spot 
lights made it seem more like a 
real evenl. 

"It 's all of the lillie things that 
adds to the atmosphere of the fes-
tival," he added. 

.. 

GoldenT,.. 
o 110b Statiea.liIlt'i-St. uermain's 

-Cal u". IrsPilltril' RaIp~'$ 
.. I.e •• Pa,adile's 

, La Jolla . W • ... 's.SaWar 
• hokllar • Wra c..,·SteIta lela 

fOlurI 0 Com ~ Car Wash 
o La Salsa' Rubio 's 0 Taco Sell 
o Java Hom' News Ele.' Beans • 

O Miramar • Subway' Roberto 's 
La Jolla Shores 
• Jeft's Burgers • Neighbor Saver 
o North Shore (afe ... 
• Pan ini (affe 'iitJJI7 

Downtown La Jolla 
o Amy 's (afe 0 La Jolla Brewing (0 
o HoUl! of Natural foodsoLJ Public Libmy 
• Baltimore Bagel' Bmini's ~ 
o Pannikin o 7· II(La Jolla Blvd.) e 
Pacific Beach 
o Susumen,,'s'Starbuck! 0 Ambience Caf, 
• Zanzibar' Caf! Crema • 7-11 

~ 0 Quick (orner 0 Soup Exchange 
~ 0 Dragon House 

Mission Beach -. 
• Million B!ach Tan .. 
o Million Beach uundry 
• l1 ission Coff" House 

UptownMillcrest 
.-The Livi ng ~oom 0 Pam Tim! (afe 

•

• Lalo's ete. 0 The Study 
~~ • Esprwo Roma' Euphoria Caf! 

• uno H,d Cenm 0 Quel fromag! 
• Downtown UCSO BookllO r! 

North County 
• Pizza Port 0 Belly Up • Jock's 
• flower Hill BookSlOr! 

(Del liar) ~ 
• DelMar Highlands '4iiI 

Town Center 

Monday, May 18, 1998 The UCSD Guardian 

Advocate: The celebrity Angela Davis gained as a radical has enabled her to be an effective spokesperson for women and people of color . 

TALKING ABOUT A 

Angela Davis, 
renowned for her 
radicalism during 
the )60s and ) 70s, 
returned to UCSD, 
her alma mater, 
Friday to discuss the 
role of black women 
in A merican culture 
and literature, the 
significance of oral 
history and the 
'criminalization ' of 
those punished by the 
prison system . 

When she first tra versed tlte UCSD campus ill 
the 1960s, Angela Davis was studying 10 earn her 
master!; degree in philosophy under the guid-
ance of Herbert Marr:use. Hailed as a revoll/-
tiolWry, Davis left her IlWrk on her alma motet: 
Indeed. as part of a studem-faculty movement 
that pren'ured the administration to create Emil-
iallo Zapata College (now known as Thurgood 
Marshall College), a college originally planned 

Afro-American Letters . .. The following are high-
lights from her speech: 

For me and others of my generation, it does-
n't seem that long ago that Toni Cade Bambara 
published her ground-breaking anthology The 
Black Woman . During that time, it was quite 
common for us to talk about black women in the 
singular, "the black woman." And she was in 
fact, all too often assumed to be a singular phe-

nomenon - not, of course, by to serve the needs of ethnic 
minorities, Davis has long 
since been at tlte forefront in 
advocating for race- and gen-
der-collsciousness. 

In 1994, Davis was 
removed from her teaching 
position at UCLA for her 1V0rk 
of behalf of the Sole(lad Broth-
ers, a group of black prison 
inllWtes, and for her member-
ship in the communist party. In 
the 1970s, Davis was listed as 
olle of the FBI's most wanted, 
following a shootout in the 
Marin County courthol/se. 

"Those of us who 
work In the 
Insular context of 
higher education 
need to prod 
ourselves to use 
knowledge we are 
supposed to be 
generating with 
transformatlve 

Bambara, whose anthology 
and whose fiction invited, and 
continues to invite us, to imag-
ine such wonderfully heteroge-
neous individuals and commu-
nities and theoretical approach-
es. 

I'd also like to thank the 
organizers of the conference 
for building into Ihis gathering 
of space for work on curricu-
lum development, for honoring 
the connections belween our 
locations within the academy 
and our communities outside 

Only after a prolonged prison ways. " 
ten» alld a lengthy legal battle 
1V0uld she be acquitted of a/l charges. 

Ronald Reagan. as the tllen governor of Cal· 
ifornia, vowed that she would never teach in the 
UC system again. Reagan s promises IlOMith -
standing, Davis currently holds a teaching posi· 
tion in the history of consciousness program at 
UC Santa Cn/(,. 

She has published several books: Women, 
Race and Class, Womell, C!4lture and Politics, all 
autobiography and all essay, "Race and Crimi-
naliwtion: Black Americans and tire Punishmellt 
Industry . .. 

The prolific author alld radical activist revi.f-
ited UCSD on Friday 10 deliver a keYllote 
address. initiating the three-day conferellce, 
"Black WOlllen Writers and tlte 'High Art' of 

of academia . 
At a time when black 

women have been demonized by campaigns 1.0 
repeal welfare and at a time when black women 
are the fastest growing in prison population in the 
country and when, in fact, black communities in 
general are under siege by an expanding punish-
ment industry that.has Ihe potential to devour an 
entire generation. Those of us who work in the 
often insular context of higher education need to 
prod ourselves continually to use the knowledge 
we are supposed to be generating here with pro-
ductive and transformalive ways. And, of course, 
in the post-affirnlative action era within the UC 
system, we've seen the horrendou numbers wilh 
re pectto the students of color who will Ix: enter-
ing the UC system in the fall . It is incumbent 

-- See DAVIS, Page 12 

FEATURES 9 

Dave Lubiu/Guafllian 

--TRANSCRIPTION BY GRACE JANG, SENIOR STAFF WRITER--



10 CALENDAR 

• One page resume professionally typesel. 
(Regularly $34 95) 

• Resume on disk for ul,dating, 
• 25 Prinled resumes on your choke of fine quality resume paper 

with 25 malching envelopes. 
on't r Expir.) May _II , 1998. 

! II I '\ _' Jill 11 I, ..... 

oste Verde Shopping Center I UTC 
XMO Gene cc Ave .. SIC. 200 

San Diego. CA 92 122 
(619) 457-9500 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, May 18, 1998 

~~~~!t~~~~~ 
BUY • S E ~M:~ R AD E HIGHQuf~~i& 

. HIP NEWER STYLES J~ ~nglasses, silver 
jewelry, blow up 

furniture ... 
6903la Jolla Blvd (at Nautilus) 

551-7057 
open 7 days 

Monday, May 18, 1998 The UCSD Guardian FEATURES II 

The Editor's Soapbox 
Food for Thought: What Maniacal 
Potential Lies in our Water Supply? 

STORAGE USA 
STUDENT SPECIAL 

Need Space? We're the Place! 
By Jessyea Wallace, Associate Opinion Editor ACCESS DAtlY 6 AM TO 10 PM 

• The other day, I ventured down 
to the Sunshine Store at the Price 
Center in search of something to 
cat that didn ' t come from any of the 
tired fast-food joints in the build-
ing. To my dieter's happiness, I 
found plenty of low-caloric-yet 
somewhat-appetizing food to tide 
me over until I could eat the 
scrumptious dinner awaiting me at 
my favorite restaurant in La Jolla 
that evening. 

After selecting my solid aft er-
noon sustenance, I went foraging 
for liquid. Have you ever noticed 
that sometimes, when there are just 
too many appetizing choices, you 
pick the simplest item avai lable in 
order to avoid havi ng to make a 
decision at all? This happened to 
me at the Sunshine Store - so I 
opted to drink water. 

I was rather pleasantly surprised 
to lind a few different kinds of bot-
tled water to. drink - the usual 
Arrowhead and Palomar Mountain, 
und an entici ng little bottle with a 
bright , friendly lubel reading "Water 
Joe." It caught my eye for many rea-
sons - including that fact that I talk 
to at least four Joes on a regular 
basis - but the label, in particular, 
allracted me. It was pretty und blue, 
wrillen in a nice, heavy font, and 
"Water Joe" consumed the label in a 
non-offensi ve sort or way. 

Music 

I am In awe that 
someone not only 
conceived of 
marketing 
caffelnated water, 
but has actually 
done It. 11Ie Idea of 
caffelnatlng 
beverage. Is hardly 
a new one. Doing 
this to water does, 
however, strike me 
as strange. I think of 
water as a pure, 
healthy, cleansing 
beverage - one in 
which I find solace, 
particularly when I'm 
consuming massive 
quantities of It to 
prevent a hangover 
the next morning. 

I picked up a bailie, intending to 
sec just what kind of water "Water 
Joe" is, when I noticed something 
less than attractive scrawled across 

18 May Mon. 8:00 pm Indian Music 
the door Mandeville Auditorium. $5/$3 at 

Per onnance 

that pretty, little label. It read, "Car-
feine-enhanced" across the top and 
continued to define itself as, 
"Water Joe is the first natural 
spring water with the caffeine kick 
of one cup of Joe." 

. As I try not to consume any 

. more caffeine than is in my daily 
Biggie Diet Coke from Wendy 's, I 
put the bottle back and grabbed the 
Arrowhead. [ wus, however, struck 
by the novelty of the bottle - and 
the idea.l am still rather in awe that 
someone not only conce ived of 
marketing caffeinated water. but 
has actually done it. 

The idea of caffeinating and de-
carfeinating beverages is hardly a 
new one. Doing this to water does, 
however, strike me as strange. I 
don' t know about you, hut I typi -
ca lly think of water as a pure, 
healthy, clean' ing beverage - one 
in which I lind solace, parti cu lady 
when I'm interested in conslIlll ing 
massive quantiti es of it to prevent a 
hangover the nex t morning. 

Caffeine docs not leave me with 
a pure, clean fee ling inside. I don 't 
like my heart racing and that creepy, 
ji ttery sensati on that hefall s me 
when I ingest 100 much caffeine, 
especially on an empty stomach. 

Asi de from the conceptual 
dichotomy of purity [ find in car-

See SOAPBOX, Page 18 

Music 

Last Call for 
Summer 

l.~ .. d~ .. $549 
AI"ster~a.n $61.4 

T'~"~~ $599 
Ri~ $729 

. Hawaii $299 
Ca ... ;u,. $405 

Ba •• g"~,, $605 
Sydney $849 

(J......" (\(1..,.,. (,~"AI AJ",(.,. FARES ARE RO UND TRIP, 00 NOT INUUD[ lAm, 
W'\(C, fcopl<.. RE STRICTIONS ",PPlr, SU8,J[ (J TO (HAN(j[ 

Travel 

9500 Gilman Dr. 
UCSD Price Center, Ste. 76 
La Jolla (619) 452-0630 

calendar of Events 1998 

31 May Sun. 8:00 pm Violin and Viola 
Student Recital Mandeville B21 0 

Phow ~~~ ________ ~ ________________________ __ 
20 May Wed. 12 :00 Noon "Washing Machine" 1-7 June M-Sun . 12 Noon-S pm "Open Wide Shut" 

Mandeville Annex Gallery Visual Arts Facility Peifonnance Space 
Music 
20 May Wed. 8:00 pm Gospel Choir 
Mandeville Auditorium. $5/$3 at the door . 
Literature 
21 May Thurs . 2 :00 pm 
Literature 3115 
Pe onnance 
2 1 May Thurs. 8:00 pm 
Mandeville 219 
Per onnance 
18 -22 May M·F 10 am-5 pm 
UCSD Campus 
Pe onnance 
18-22 May M· F 10 am-5 pm 
UCSD Campus 
Music 

Prose and Poetry Reading 

'l\fterimages" 

"Pennies" 

"Chimes" 

22 May Fri. 8:00 pm Jazz Improvi ation 
Mandeville Auditorium. $5/$3 at the door 
Studio __ 
25-29 May M·F 12 Noon-5 pm " wap Me t" 
Mandeville Am,ex Gallery 
Music 
30 May at. 7:00 pm 
Mandeville 132 

Und · rgraduat Performer 
Forum 

Mllsic 
3 June Wed . 8:00 pm Jazz Concert 
Mandeville Auditorium. $5/$3 at the door 
Mllsic 
4 Jun T hurs. :00 pm Singers oncert 
Mandeville 132. $5/$3 at the door 
Film/Video 
5 June Fri. 6:30 pm-12 Mid . "Open Wide Shut" 
Mandeville 132 
Music 

---

5 June Fri. 8:00 pm Wind Ensemble 
Mandeville Auditorium. $5/$3 at the door 
Music 
6 June at. 4:00 pm 
Mandeville 8210 
Music 
7 June un. 
Mandeville 8210 
Music 

4:00 pm 

----

7 Jun un . 8:00 pm 
Mandeville 132. $5/$3 at the door 
ComJ!..utiIMior the Arts 

-13 June M-F 12 Noon-5 pm 
Visual Arts Facility 306 

Voice Recital 

Piano Recital 

---------- ----

hamber Music Re ital 

"Tradici6n Vieja- ultura 
Moderna" 



12 FEATURES 

DAVIS: 
Revolutionary once 
wanted by FBI 
CoIttl ••• d from PllCe • 
upon us to find ways of disrupting 
the trajectories along which black 
men and women are being driven ; 
instead of leading them toward col-
leges and universities, [ they] are 
turning them into the primary raw 
material for the prison industrial 
complex. Five times as many black 
men in California are in prison as in 
four-year colleges and uni versities. 
So, I want to thank you, Ann duCille, 
for helping us to do this. 

I have to admit that I felt some-
what intimidated by being charged 
to open a conference entitled, "B lack 
Women Writers and the 'High Art ' 
of Afro-American Letters." But of 
course, when I looked at the pro-
gram, even though my own life and 
work over the last three decades 
have been very much informed by 
many of the texts you ' re coming 
together this weekend to honor and 
to cri tically examine, I felt some-
what inadequate. I wonder whether 
there isn't someone beller equipped 
than myself to get this conferen e 

under way; someone much more 
studied in the field of African Amer-
ican literature; someone more in 
tune with the nuances that character-
ize the work of so many black 
women writers. 

But anyway, having said that, I 
would like to point out again that lhis 
conference was conceived two years 
ago, in 1996, which was the 100h 
anniver ary of the publication of 
De.l'sa Rn.I'e. I would also like to pay 
lribute to Sherley Anne Williams. I 
don 't know whether Sherley Anne 
Williams knows that the setting of 
her novel, Marengo County, Alaba-
ma, outside of Linden. is the place 
where my father was born. That is 
where I spent many of my childhood 
summers. It was there, where, as I 
ran through my uncle's COLI on fields, 
I used to try to imagine what slavery 
was like. My grandmother spent 
practically all of her life on that land. 
just outside of Mentone, Ala. Work-
ing the land with technology that 
wasn't very different from that used 
from slavery - hoes, pitchforks and 
plows hitched to mules and sacks for 
picked cotton - as a child , I 
remember looking into my grand-
mother's eyes, trying to catch 
glimpses of the past through her. I 

The UCSD Guardian 

Min refusing to 
...... k about ."very, 
my .... ndmother 
robbed me of the 
ability to Imagine 
my own past and 
my.elf In relation to 
that past." 
can remember very distinctly won-
dering whether slaves looked like 
her, whether they talked like her, 
whether they walked like her. And 
when I would ask her whether her 
mother had ever talked to her about 
slavery, she would always shoo me 
away, saying that "We needed to for-
get about those slavery times." 

And so, after a while, I stopped 
asking her. Whatever story she 
might have ofTered me, if, indeed, 
her mother. who was a slave, had 
orfered any to her, it was obvious 
that, as far as my grandmother was 
concerned, the oral tradition, that 
"high an," about which Sherley 
William writes, was not strong 
enough to ho ld the~e stories. Perhaps 
the more m.:curatc way of putting it 
was that the oral tradition was too 

SPECIALS! 
Mira Mesa 

SELF STORAGE 
7044 Flanders Drive 

tI NEW, C~N, SECURE ~ HILTON QUALITY AT MOTEL 61M PRICES 
~ ALL GROUND FLOOR UNITS ~ NO SECURITY DEPOSIT or ADMIN. FEES 

• ~ ONLY $10 REFUNDABLE DEPOSIT REQUIRED 
~ CALL FOR GUARANTEED RUERYATION WITH CREDIT CARD 
~ U-HAUL TRUCKS AVAILABLE 

3,d MONTH FREE 
5x5's a 5xl0's 

ffB453-0511 
~ 

c " 

o 

U 
4 
.. 

MIRA 
MESA 

E 
• u 

r----------- , 
I 
I 
I: 
1 
1 
I 
1 
I 
1 

00 
S~4LL 

o 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

with this coupon. Expires 6/1/98_ 

lisppe •• o ROnla 
PRICE CENTER FOOD COURT L ________ _ 

__ .J 

powerful and that the traumas of 
those historical memories, if 
revived, just might turn into traumas 
of the present. But in refusing to 
speak about slavery, my grandmoth-
er robbed me of the ability 10 imag-
ine my own past , and to imagine 
myself in relation to that past. 

Therefore, I was ill-equipped to 
challenge the representations of 
slavery that were presented to me in 
my elementary school textbooks. 
Ann duCilie writes about the same 
images of singi ng and dancing and 
joyful slaves. Of course not to say 
that slave women and men were not 
without joy or did not si ng and 
dance. As a matter of fact, that . 
si nging and dancing, no doubt pro-
duced pleasure and as it sometimes 
al 0 generated resistance. 

Of course, the point of the text-
book images is that black people 
bemoaned the end of slavery, 
because they wi II have to try and 
find a job, they will have to seek 
work and they will have to take care 
of themselves - that's what the cap-
tions alleged. 

So, 30 years ago, I wrote the arti -
cle to which Sherley Anile William~ 
refers in the preface 10 {)essa Rose. 
It was the first time that I was able to 

Monday, May 18, 1998 

seriously think about the impact of 
patriarchal ideology on the way slav-
ery figured into the black popular 
imagination. At that time, of course, 
it seemed urgent to rethink our his-
torical past because of the way rep-
resentations of that history were 
deployed in academic studies, in 
policy pronouocements and also in 
the social movements that promised 
us black liberation. Talented and elo-
quent and. indeed, brilliant black 
women were told that they needed to 
stand behind their men, or the men, 
in order to reverse what was consid-
ered to be a deleterious tradition in 
black communities of assertive and 
powerful black women. The black 
woman slave (and again, she was 
singular) often was represented as 
collaborating with the white slave-
master toward the goal of crushing 
black men's masculinity. Of course, 
those during that era communicate 
with those of today who prefer patri-
archal, historical memories to the 
hi storical memories of slavery, argu-
ing that Africa can, of course, not be 
a hi . tori ca lly complex continent 
itself. but rather, a romantic, mono-
lithic version of Africa, whose only 
inhabitants were kings and their sub-

See DAVIS, Page 13 

NEUROCRINE BIOSCIENCES, INC., a leading biopharmaceutical 
company in La Jolla, seeks the follOWing: 

"li ,\ t ,\\ E R L'J n R N" (P,l i d 1 
I ,'I 1! j I '" 1) ill I, I 

Work rull time in our Medicinal Chemistry, Molecular 
Neurobiology, Immunology, Neuroscience, or Pre-Clinical labora-
tories and obtain valuable laboratory experience while making a 
contribution to our resea rch efforts. 

PARr-TIME lAB ASSISTANTS 
)".11 11l1I1)" 

Our Medicinal Chemistry and High Throughput Screening labs are 
adding year-round part-time Lab Assistants. 
Please fax, e-mail, or mail your resume or a letter to us stating your 
name, address, phone, university, major, year in school and posi-
tion or interest to: NEUROCRtNE BIOSCIENCES, INC., Attn: HR, 
3050 Science Park Road, San Diego, CA 92 121; fax: (619) 658-
7602; e-mail: hr@neurocrine.com. EOE. 

Visit our website: 
www.neurocrine.com 

THE SANKOFA BIRD PROJECT & 
THE AFRICAN AMERICAN MUSEUM OF FINE ARTS 

Join Us as We Present ... On ·. Mission! 
I 

and the ~4IdJu..eJQ ~~ 1""'"1'» 2:30pm & 5:30pm 
FabulouS Sunday, May 24, 1998 

a\ \\')e The African American Museum of Fine Arts IJUKE JOINT CAFE I is partial!y lunded by the San Oiego Community Foundation (anonymous 
327 Fourth Avenue donor). City of San Diego Commission of 

in the Gaslamp District Arts & C.ullure, County of San Diego 
Full Appetizer Menu Available Community Enhancem~nt Progra~ , .and 
.. the Community Service ASSOCiation. 

TIckets Avatlable: Speciallhanks to the San Diego Support 
;;;:;;u;r, __ (619)220-TIXS Center Lyceum Theater and Christ United 

y, F h C ' ! Presbyterian Church. SANICOFA VI. t4...J 
our IS onnechon 619)263-8899 61iJJ fc4 R ... has been partially lunded by 

National City Hardware 619) 477-1204 the Calilornia Council for the Humanities. 
Juke Joint Cafe www.jukejointcafe.com State Arm of the NEH and by the generosity 

TIc"' .. S20 In Idvlnce/$2S It \he door 01 presenters and supporters. 
... -Itl' 1 1 AAMFAISAP(f) t 91,)8]·Qnh 'I (619196901)94 

I ' i t 

Monday, May 18, 1998 

DAVIS: 
Professor, activist 
urges for change 
ContInued from PllCe 12 
servient queens (I wonder where all 
the subjects went). So this Africa 
was the preferable origin for those 
who desired the patriarchal historical 
memories. 

And then, of course, black 
women writers like Alice Walker 
would be accused of panicipating in 
this conspiracy against black mas-
culinity. r was reminded of this after 
having seen a recent fi 1m on the 
Black. Panther party in which Elaine 
Brown, who was, of course, one or 
the leaders of the Black Panther 
party, i portrayed as a counter-intel-
ligence agent, who lures Huey New-
ton into the world of drugs, and thus 
helped the FBI and the CIA to 
destroy the organization. Then. of 
course, there's Anita Hill, who cap-
tured the suppon of reminists of all 
ethnicities, but who was viewed as a 
traitor in some black communities. 
And I evoke in this context also the 
Million Man March, which, inciden-
t.ally. has done little to change the 
trends lhatlead such enormous num-
bers of black men into the prison 
system. This march constructed in a 
popularly acceptable way the salva-
tion of black communities as again , 
in the first place, the salvation of 
black men. 

The point I'm making is that 
black women writers have trans-
formed the way we imagine slavery, 
and in contesting the monolithic 
depiction of hlack women as traitors 
to black liberation because they 
sometimes also insisted on contest-
ing black patriarchy. They have 
helped us to develop a strong 
counter-discourse. which is as neces-
sary today as it was in the 'SO's when 
black feminist consciousness began 
to nourish. 

I have chosen to speak at length 

The UCSD Guardian 

Oave LubiU/ Guardlan 
Davis: "We need to change the world. We have no alternative." 
of the project of reimagining slavery, 
because I think that the historical 
silem.:e about slavery, that was rup-
tured by the appearance of work 
like Dessa Rose and Beloved, is 
structurally similar to the prevai ling 
silence about the expanding prison 
system. And there was a time when 
we possessed no language with 
which to talk and think critically 
about slavery and fiction and schol-
arly studies and popular discourse. 
so it seems to me that we are experi-
encing a similar crisis with respcctto 
the place of prisons in our historical 
memory and in our temporary social 
experience. The failure to develop a 
critical di scourse on the part prisons 
have played in structuring black 
com munities, specifically in deter-

mining who has access to voting 
. rights, social services, jobs, health-
care, etc. This failure to develop a 
critical di scourse has, in pan , helped 
10 facilitate the current prison crisis. 
Of the almost two million people 
who are presently in prisons and 
jails, over half of them arc black. 
Approximately two-thirds, about 70 
percent, of the imprisoned popula-
tion consists of people of color. And 
as I said earlier, black women con-
stitute the fastest growing segment 
of the prison population. Currently, 
there are twice as many women in 
prison in the state of California as 
there were in the entire country in 
federal and state prisons in 1970. 

When we consider the extent to 
See DAVIS, Page 15 

IASiO (Ij II IDlY IlUNllI [ THOMPSON 
.lllSllnlS,.. •• 0 fllMS/lAlA NAIlSi ,.,.1. ... I" IlNlCIII DR T8IIII llAI AID LOAII1NS II LAS VEGAS' 

. .UUDl un aBLAH = _0 __ fIllS -:lW WIG _ CASSAVlHl SlIPIIN 11TH 
=-= _ IlD'S !m\!l ~.: 100 DAYllS. AUX COlllkli~ flIRY GilLIAM ==-':1 ~JI!J!S!llll!Sl " M. 

_.fHr-~thing.com 

III tHEATIIES MAY 22 •• 

• I 

FEATIJRES 13 

May 27 
The Pimp S~mphonY 
wm~f~~RY ollOJnd la~le ~iZ2a • f~f • !1111 

(orne ~t great foo~ specials! 

~C)1{I~ @ f.C.Theatre 
... 11 SPRING a~rR\ ~9a 

.1 "1l1li 

\1.1\ [I) I, \ H \ nil-. \ I [, [ I \ 
-Anne ~Uaud,.Jeanne Moreau, Samuel Goldwyn-

When a secret government agency re-programs a crimina}, 
she is released to the outside world as their agent. As her 
missions become more demanding, she is torn between her 
alliance to the Agency and her desire to lead a normullile. 

\1.1\ 2 [ C;O()J) \\ ILL III \ ['J \(, 

-Robin Willjams, Matt Damon, Minnie Driver-
Will Hunting is a troubled prodigy who can't live up to his 
potential. Robin Williams stars as a therapist who tries to 
help the young geniu live up to his potentiul without 
alienating him, ACADE..,Y AWARD WINNER 6 
GOLDEN GLOR'; WINNER REST SCREENPLAU 

'1.1\ :!h ()\I. H U\ O\FH '1111 III ".()I) .. \1· .. 1 
-Jack Ni cholson, Chri t.opher Uoyd-

Jack Nicholson has him ell committed to a mental ho pita!. 
Hc then attempts to wake up tJle other patients to the ract 
that the di£rercnce between sani.ty and insanity is just 
society's attempt to tifle individuulism. Co-sponsored by 
CADRE. 

\1.1\ 1B \ ... (,(l()1l \ ... II (,1· I'" 
.I3RA£E\OlRSEl.P ~ MEUIIN J k N'd I H I H ' '.. - ac t 10 son, e en unt, 

~. . .: i" Greg Kinnear -
An o£fbeat comedy which 
centers around the unlikely 
bond which rorm between 3 

) New Yorkers who don't appear 
to have a chance at real 
happin' . Although it is 
apartment proximity whi h 
initially brings these characters 
together, their fates become 
intertwined due to a dog 
named 'krdcll. 

Wi • ., ., ! "C!dftI, ".,.1'4. 'er laC After 6 1M Adl'ftlt 
I Fer Group IMOIIts and SpedaI PaciI&M: C11822·2068/53U022 I 

rw_ ....... Is_ .... ... 
..... , ....... s .. ... 

------- .... ...... -
www.theuruver itycentcrs. ucsd. edu 



14 FBATIJRES 

Arena 
How do you feel about 
the Black Panthers? 
Interviews and Photography by 
Clair. Schneider 

"A lot of films want to 
exploit the violent nature 
of the movement. 
Whenever you see Huey 
Newton, you had to see 
him holding up this spear. 
They don ' t really talk 
about trying to politically 
empower the people at 
large." 

Albert Ne.1 
Warren Senior 

"I feel the media portrayal of 
the Black Panther movement 
is inaccurate; they had a 
more grass roots cause than 
a nationalistic cause. They 
were trying to rebuild and 
improved their communities. 
The media took that and ran 
with it because of certain 
incidents. " 

Angela Boyce 
UCSD alumna 

"I think part of the Black 
Panther cause was 
violence, but people 
focused on this entirely 
instead of on their cause, 
which was rights for the 
black community, They did 
not get the respect that 
Martin Luther King and 
his movement got." 

John Alden 
Muir Sophomore 

"[The] motivations behind 
the movement are good, but 
somewhere along th~ line 
some ideals got distorted, 
Today, it depends on what 
section of the Black Panther ' 
movement you are talking 
about. Some actuaJl y do help 
out, while some are too 
militant" 

Miguel Rulz 
Marshall Senior 

watched out for people so 
they wouldn't get beat up by 
cops, I think more people 
should stand behind cops 
with shotguns, That's what 
they used to do, More people 
should look out for each 
other because I know cops 
do a lot of wrong things." 

, 

Tom C.rol .. 
Muir Freshman 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, May 18, 1998 

Psycho, Therapy 
Building Fences: Avoiding the 
Chance of Being Hurt 
By Mary HIggins Senior Staff Writer 

When people speak of "mend-
i ng broken fences," they are usual-
ly referring to reconciliation and 
forgiveness , . 

In my mind, fences are barriers 
that protect me from the rest of the 
cruel world. 

Driving down the pothole-rut-
ted streets of Clairemont, I notice 
the abundance of chain-link fences 
neatly bracketing off every yard. I 
wonder what purpose these si lver 
eyesores serve'? To keep pets and 
children in'! Maybe. Surely the 
hip-high barriers don't keep any-
body out. 

1 think perhaps these fences are 
merely signs of ownership, a line 
that separates one plot of land 
from another. This is my side of 
the fence, with my dog and my 
lawnmower and my corrugated-
aluminum tool shed. 

These barriers lull us into a 
false sense of security. The 20th-
century attitude of protectionism 
carries over into our personal rela-
tionships as well. Metaphorically 
speaking , emotional fences serve 
the dual purpose of reinforcing 
one's own sense of self and simul-
taneously preventing others from 
intruding. 

Have you ever had the "naked 
dream"? No, not the type with Mel 

fiND 

I think pe ..... p. 
these fence. are 
merely sign. of 
ownership, a line 
that ..... rate. one 
plot of land from 
another. These 
barriers lull us Into 
a false sense of 
security. The 20th 
century attHude of 
protectionism 
carries over Into our 
personal 
relationship. as 
well. 
Gibson and a bowl of whipped 
cream . I' m talking about the 
dream where you're walking down 
the street and everyone is laughing 
and pointing at you. Then you look 
down and realize that you don ' t 
have any pants on. I hate that 
dream . 

Ithink everyone knows that the 
naked dream stems from insecuri-
ty and a definite need for privacy. 

That means building fences. 

The everyday structure of our lives 
depends on the fences we build, 
move or destroy. Taking risks 
means removing our protecti ve 
fences, like taking the first step 
and asking someone oul on a date. 
Or being the first person to say, " I 
love you ." There's always a 
chance of getting hurt. 

Personally, r'd rather stay hap-
pily behind my fence, tending to 
my own garden and pretending 
like I couldn't care less about my 
nex t-door neighbors. 

Sometimes I'd rather just be 
left alone. 

When I was 10, my parents 
bought me an expensive racing 
bike. I rode it to school one day 
and parked it in the bike racks 
along with the dirt bikes and 
"beaters." By lunchtime there was 
a crowd of boys around it, includ-
ing the two boys in the fifth grade 
who scared me the most - the 
meanest one and the cutest one. 

"Whose is it?" the mean one 
asked. 

I said nothing, squirming 
uncomfortably in the corner. 

" It 's Mary's!" the cutest boy 
said. "r saw her riding it!" 

"It's your bike?" the mean one 
asked me in disbelief. 

See PSYCHO, page 15 

-P~wnalged 
Gra'duation 

Roommates Visit your nearby Cost co Wholc::sale loca tion to order your Cakes 
. Tickets 

Cars 

Bikes 

Deals 

Rentals 

Stereos 

Surfboards 

Auto Repair 

Sales 

Jobs 

Computers 

aDd ....... 
........ ~IA 
upstairs In the 
~tudent Center 

above the 
General Store. 

personalized gradu:ltiun cake. Chocolate: or vanilla 1/2 
sheet cakes are $12.99 and carrot is $ 15.99. Available in 
your school colors . (48 servings per 1/2 sheet. cake) 

! ( ) I 1 r, 11 r, 1 H 1 11 ,II : ,', r . [ / I ( I ( : liT II I f J I f' J f ' I 11 ~ /; \ I I n \J C-;:1 I I 
1·800· 774·2678 

May Film Special 
;~ 

L,;;;. .... ." Receive a coupon for a 
free 5x7 color enlargement 
with every develop and print 
order. 

5x7 enlargement from 
35mm «(-41 Process)_9nly. 

Monday, May 18, 1998 

PSYCHO: 
Personal walls both 
protect and hurt us 
Continued from page 14 

I nodded and flushed a bright 
red. That jerk (may he now be 
cur ed with a thankless job and a 
beer gut) busted up laughing, as if 
that was the funniest thing he'd 
ever heard. 

I walked to school after that, 
and my bike stayed in the garage. I 
avoided extra attention at any cost. 
Also, I learned how to li e. Later 
that year someone asked me what I 
did after school for fun . 

"I'm learning how to waterski," 
I said. 

Yeah, right. Like 1 was going 10 
tell him about my knitting lessons. 

These days, my se lr-defen sc 
mechanisms have become a little 
more subtle. I' m not afraid of get-
ting laughed at anymore, but I usc 
my fence-building skill s in other 
ways. For example, my friend 
ca lls up and we start to chat. Pret-
ty soon I suggest we have lunch . 

"Well , I'm so busy this week," 
she says, flippantly. "Totally 
booked, you know') I might be 
able 10 squeeze you in Thur~day." 

You are cordiaEE,! 
inviled 10 pEace 

an adverlijement in 
Ihe 

(jraJuafion 
3JJue 

of 
GUARDIAN 

~hurjda'J' June 4 

CALL 
(619)534-3486 

T<»DAY 
TO RESERVE YOUR 

AD SPACEI 
• Applies to new plocements only 

The UCSD Guardian 

I suddenly become very brisk, ing, "Whew, I wormed my way out 
businesslike. "Well now that I of another boring lunch with 
think about ii, I'm pretty busy Mary!" 
myself. I have so much going on I was born under the astrologi-
right now. Maybe after the quarter cal sign of Cancer the Crab (a 
is over.,," deadly disease and a venereal par-

Up goes the fence. asi te, how's that for a bad omen?), 
A more effective way of deal- and I can't think of an animal 

ing with my friend ' busy schedule which more accurately describes 
would be to say: "Oh, that 's too me. When I'm feeling threatened I 
bad. Let me know if you get some snap my claw menacing ly, but 
free lime," mostly what I want is to scullie 

Instead, what pops out of my under a rock where it 's safe. 
mouth is something along the lines I wish I could be brave enough 
of, "Well , 1 didn ' t want to hang out to let down my guard . Sometimcs 
with you anyway, nyah nyah I'd really like to tell people that I'm 
nyah!" angry at them, or that my feclings 

It's still the same old grade- have been hun. Even in showing 
school syndrome, except that the ' anger I have that uncomfortable, 
fear of being singled out has ' vulnerable feeling that I've been 
changed into the fear of being left cornered. Trusting the people 1 care 
out. about not to step on me is the hard-

I want to feel special. I want to est thing I do every day. 
hear, "Mary, I'll make time for And so I - like the rest of the 
you." citi zens in ClJiremont. - stand 

Unfortunately, I'm not the cen- behind my little fe nce and wave at 
ter of the universe. Understanding the neighbors from time to time. 
thi s is what makes m.: an adult and Mary Higgins is currenlly kllil -
not a fifth grader. It doesn ' t make ling all a/ghlill . If ),011 II'W11III join 
me fee l any damn bctter, though. her secrel knillillg club, e' lIw il 

In rea lit y I know that when mhiggins @sdcc I7.ucsd.cdu. Bill if 
friends flake on mc it's bc~au sc YOII dOli '( send her allY e-II/ail she 
they're simply busy people. But in won 'I care. III /OCI, dOIl '1 evell 
my mind, I \:an picture them think- bOlhe!: NyC/h IlYlih Ilyoh. 

DAVIS: 
Academia should 
serve community 
Continued from page 13 
which the category "underclass" is 
so cavalierly deployed in scholarly 
discourse and popular discourse-
and of course, it is deployed as a 
barely coated reference to force 
people of color when we consider 
the attendant culture of poverty the-
sis, then we might recognize that 
black women, particularly black 
women on welfare or who have just 
been kicked off of welfare, have 
been constructed ideologically as 
the procreators of poverty, as the 
procreators of drug-users, as the 
procreators of criminality. 

So, I'd like to devote the last 
section of my remarks to two 
points. No. I: I want to talk about 
the pOSSibility of drawing apart the 
work of black women writers who 
help us to \:reatc a cri tical discourse 
on slavery, a drawing upon their 
work a cont.emporary project or 
creating • new language with 
which to build opposition to the 
prison industrial complex. No. 2: 
I'd like lO talk about the role of 
black women writers have 'played 

FEATURES 15 

in the elTon lO developing positive 
discourse with respect to welfare 
mothers. And in this context I want 
to speak very briefly about an 
alliance we've established in the 
Bay Area, a project that's brought 
together black women writers and 
black women on welfare. Of 
course, the political background 
against which I'd like to think 
about this issue is the horrendous 
crisis here in the state of California, 
particularly in higher education 
and the assaull on bilingual educa-
tion. I'm sorry, I cannot get started 
on that, because I know I will not 
respect the time [allolled for my 
speech) . 

Aside from the literature pro-
duced by prisoners and former 
prisoners themselves, the discourse 
of imprisonment is very much 
defined by and contained within 
the fields of criminology and 
penology. Given the vast numbers 
of black people who have gone 
through the prison system, we 
ought to find it astoni hing that 
popular evocations of imprison-
ment are so rare. And when they do 
occur, they are so abstract and so 
imbued with stereotypical notions 
uf criminology. In both popular 

See DAVIS, Page 18 

Linguistics LANGUAGE Program 

• Earn up to 15 units in 6 weeks 
• Satisfy your language requirement 

• Have a FUN and 
PRODUCTIVE summer! 

M MER 
1 9 9 6 

Ling/French 5A 
Ling/French 58 , 
Ling/French 5C 

Ling/German5A 
Ling/German58 
LingiGerman5C 

Ling/Spanish 5A 
Ling/Spanish 58 

(equiv. to 1 A/1 AX): 
(equiv. to 18/1 BX): 
(equiv. to 1 C/1 CX): 

(equiv. to 1 A/1 AX): 
(equiv. to 18/1 8X): 
(equiv. to 1 C/1 CX): 

(equiv. to 1 A/1 AX): 
(equiv. to 18/1 8X): 

Ling/Spanish 5C (equiv. to 1 C/1 CX): 

Ling/Spanish 58 (equiv. to 18/1 8X) : 
Ling/Spanish 5C (equiv. to 1 C/1 CX) : 
ling/Spanish 5D (equiv. to 1/1 DX) : 

For info or placement call (619 )534-3604 

June 29-July 10 
July 13-July 24 
July 27-Aug. 7 

June 29-July 10 
July 13-July 24 
July 27-Aug. 7 

June 29-July 10 
July 13-July 24 
July 27-Aug. 7 

June 29-July 10 
July 13-July 24 
July ?7-Aug. 7 

For registration call (619 )534-4364 



16 CLASSIFIEDS 

EVE N T S 
"The Rise and Fall 

of Gay Culture" 
author Daniel Harris 

appearing Wed. 5/20 at 
UCSD Price Ctr. Theatre 

hors d'oeuvres, book signing, 
presentation and Q&A 

5:00 PM • FREE 
presented by Thurgood Marshall College 

Hewle" Diversily and Unity Proiect 534·4390 

UCSD TMC Diversity and Unity Project 
presents "The Rise and Fall of Gay Culture' 
by author Daniel Harris. Wed May 20 @ 
5pm in PC Theatre. Ali are welcome 10 
attend. Hors d' oeuvres and bookslgning. 
Presentation @ 6pm followed by 0 & A. 
FREE!! FFI 534-4390. (4/30-5116) 

-..II 

I iii1-Y-.:I : I ~.~ :JII 
* ROUND TRIP COURIER FARES~ 
ondon $285 Mexico $ t 50 Hong Kon, $389 
ChlM 5360 Sydney $520 Bangkok 370 
~t'B:t'a'liiil'!!!I~'hll~ 
AIR COURiER I NTE RNATfO NAL 

1-800-298-1230 24 hr 

KEGS $75.00 
BEST PRICE IN TOWN 

Raise up to ssao or more In one week. 
Fundraising opportunities available. No 
financial obligation. Great for clubs , 
organizations, and motivated students. For 
more information call (688) 51 -A-PLUS ext. 

~2112-6/_4) __ 
Drive Your "Dream Vehicle" With No 
Payment Over $100 Per Month. New Lease 
Mernative HasA 95% Credit Approval Rate. 
Call1 -886-517-AUTO. (5/14-21) 
The Episcopal Students Association meets 
every Wednesday from 5:00-6:30 p.m. in 
rhe fnlernational Student Center Conference 
Room for communion, Christian discussion, 
and free dinner. Students, faculty, and staff 
welcome. Call 534-6549 for information. (51 
16) 

The UCSD Guardian 

CLASSIFIEDS 
The UCSD Guard'an reserves the right to classi fy, edit. delete offensive words and 
phrases. andlorretuse any and all advert,sements without prior noti f,calion. The Advertiser 
will not hold the Guardian liable lor any claims resultIng from Ihe publication of the 
advertisemenl The publisher will also not be held accounlable lor any claim from an 
agreemont made between Ihe advertiser and Ihe consumer. 
Copy should be reviewed by the advertIser lor errors In order to be corrected in the nexl 
regular Issue. all errors must be reported by the corresponding deadline. Credit will only 
be gIven for Ihe incorrect portion of the advertisemenl. There ale no lefunds forcancellalions. 
Ptease send all corre.pondence regard ing Classlfieds to: 
UCSD Guardian, Attn: Classified., 9500 Gilman Drive .0316, La Jolla, CA 92093. 
Actual location: Student Center A, Room 217. 

EMPLOYMENT 
www.4CRS. com 

Win a free computer 
Free service to 

College students 
lICSD Ilookstor. 
WEBMASTERNEEDEDASA~ 

Siudeill PUSIIIOIl. $10 ~4/I1r. 17- 19 lor, per 
week. Summer-fuIlI IIllC. Joh ~914- 155 
Stroflg HTMI., Mac ll1I llIl1. U IX rcquorcd . 
Appltt:<.I1lI shou ld be fUll , t:(nl 'i,Ul'II I1()U~ , 
rrurc~M(jllal. rc ~pon'lhlL" . Icalll pl.lyrr. h ~If(I · 
working. compclCrll . urgallll.l!d Uc.al l \C. 
Cull : Mcrcdylh 5.q ·4644. 

learn Bartending 
BCI'tencli.a Academy 

Mcie ~tine ~~ for pcrt-line worl 
Short (1U'1t1, job plaumatl allistllKt 

619-296-0600 
$1500 weekly potential mailing our circulars. 
No Experience Required. Free Information 
packet. Call 410-783-8279. (2126-6/4) 
FUN SUMMER JOBS Ga in valuable 
experience working with children outdoors. 
We are looking for caring Summer Day 
Camp staff whose summer home is in the 
San Fernando or Conejo Valley, Ventura, 
Camarillo, Matibu or Simi Valley. General 
Counselols & S"oclal ists: swimming, 
horses, boating, fishing, ropes course, 
music, and more. Summer salaries range 
52,100-$3,200+. Call816-865-62630remail 
CampJobs@aol.com. (4/2-5/21) 
FEMALE HAtR MODELS. Shampoo 
company needs (40) female models monthly 
(especially Asians) for their upcomIng April 
& May hairshows! No experience necessary! 

All ages & heights ok! For more inlormatlon 
& other modeling opportunotles call (anytime) 
1-(800)-959-9301. (4/20-6/4) 

Yoh Scientific needs : 
' Chemlsts 

· Biochem ists 
· Microhiologists 

' Molecular Biologists 
'Rcscan;h Associates 

' LahTcchn iciansl Assistants 
• hemical nginccrs 
Fax (619)622-90411 

Phone (6 19)622-9005 

lIi1!IJc 
www.4R .com 
Get a job 
Free service to 

College students 

SUMMER INTERNSHIPS - EARN $3,000-
$6.000 & GAIN VALUABLE BUSINESS 
EXPERIENCE sell ing yel low page 
advertising in your University's Telephone 
Directory this SUMMER . Excellent 
advertls ing/sa les/P. R. RESUME 
BOOSTER . Cal l College directo ry 
Publishing Inc. at (800)466-2221 )(230 or x 
288. Vis it our web site at 
www.campusdirectory.com for info and to 
submil an application for immediate review! 
(4/27-5118) 
Bookkeeper and Personal Assistant wanted 
for Spring and full-time summer position at 
La Jolla Shores home. Call Megan at 459-
6446. (4/30-5118) 
Clericat Assistant needed ASAP. PIT. 15+ 

The TestMasters LSAT Course includes: 
• 80 hours of live, In-class Instruction 
• Instructors who have all scored in the 99111 

percentile on the actual LS~ T 
• Student helpllne open 25 hours each week 
• Licensed use of all real LSAT questions 
• Four full-length proctored diagnostic tests 

Competitive cost - $950 

Classified Line 
Ad Rates 

Students: S2 per 20 words 
Faculty & Staff: S3 per 20 words 

All others: $4 per 20 words 
Advance payment is required. 

Classified Display 
Ad Rates 

$9.00 per cofumn inch 
Deadfines: 
Pub~C.' l o~ Oil' Display Ads Line Ad. 
Monday Noon Thurs. 3 pm Thurs. 
Thursday Noon Mon. 3 pm Mon. 

hrs, FIT. 20+ hrs. Must work over summer 
too. Call 456·0009. ( 4/30~ _ 

INTERVIEWERS $7/11R 
Join the interestong world of marketing 

research, conducting telephone 
surveys and opinion polls. 

WE TRAIN NO SALES 
25 wpm TYPING (we test) 

PM shifts · 7 days a week · FT or PT 
Apply In .. Mon. rue. Wed. 

person 9am·4pm ;-,:!ig 
~';:!T~'O::N:::S=f==N==R~E:::S:::E==A==R==C!EH5.·~ 

8593 Aero Drive 
Bus 125 510 5 here, 116510 5 nearby 

PIT lOBS & 
SUMMER JOBS! 

3 PfT Job openings & 1 summer Jobs. 
SID to start, paid tr01nlng, & flex. hours. 

Jobs filled on 0 lirst come, first served bosls. 
Call 619·587·2829 

PIT employment + possible FIT. Pay by the 
hour. Very flexible hours. Answering phone, 
calling on clients , minor computer work. 
Very casual office. 619-450-6862. Kevin 
Antill (805 and~a Jolla Village Dr.) (5n-18) 
Babysitter needed for 5 yr old boy and baby 
girl. PTIFT, flexible & friendly. Experience 
and references~eeded . 271-7646. (5n -18) 
EASY WORK IN YOUR SPARE TIME! 
Mailing envelopes for out company. You 
can earn $1 ,000's weekly! Just send a sell-
addressed, stamped envelope for 
information to: Work at Home, 8070 La Jolla 
Shores Drive, Suite #242, La Jolla, CA. 
92037 (5/1 H/ l ) ___ ._ 
Volunteer Peer Counselors Wanted : 
Psychological & Counseling Services is 
looking for peer counselors for the Alcohol & 
Substance Abuse Program, the Eating 
Concerns Program, Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, 
TransgenderProgram and Ihe Relationships 
Program forthe academic year, 1998/1999. 
Appl ications availableall003 Galbraith Hall. 
Deadline May 20th , 1998. (5/11-18) 
Trim & Tan seeking FIPT employment. 

Monday , May 18, 1998 

Weekend and weel<day shifts available. Call 
455-0909. (5/11-21) 

Bartending or 
Casino Dealing 

Make great moncy! Low tuition . fob Lealls. 
Academy or [nI'l Bartending & 

Casino Dealing (PTIIT) 
Call 619·560·MIXX(6499) 

MUSIKER TOURS AND SUMMER 
DISCOVERY SUMMER OPPORTUNITIES. 
Counselors needed for our student travel 
programs and/or our pre-college enrichment 
programs. Applicants must be 2t years old 
by June 20, 1998. We need: mature, 
hardworking, energetic individuals who can 
dedicate 4-7 weeks this summer working 
with teena gers. To receive an application or 
to lind out more information: Cali 
(888}6SU MMER or E-maIl 
ien@summerfun com (5111 -6/4) 

SUMMI. 'OBS 
Easy, Fun, 
& Lots of Money. 

619.456.8 J S4 
Entry-level position with growiny mortgage 
company. No experience necessary. Phone 
and people skills a must. FUll-time, salary 
plus commission including full benefit s, 
medical, dental, vision , 401 K. Perfect for 
graduating senior. Contact James Will iams 
at (619)597 -99500r fax resu me to (619)597-
996!.:, (5/11 -21) 

On Campus job opportunity this Summer! 
Teach swim lessons to all ages/abilities. 
You must be a hard worker, be currently 
certified in CPR, First Aid. and WSI or have 
equivalent hours teaching. $6/hr. Call 534-

~46 il interes~d . (5/14-26_) __ _ _ 
Sports Promoters, men and women, many 
positions available PIT toll free 1 (800)249-

. t' E I for jUlt S13/unit It",1 ~I\dt'''' 
Large selet\1Dn of ~. , .. 

. s • humanltles, 

PfOgrams of the Sin Diego 
Community CoUege District 

Englilh • math ' sJoence 
A" !"olt 

t t A' ";"Il labs open Self-paced (orn,14 (I I I. iI ' ~ _ _ 

Selsionl StAlt June S, June 15. July 13 

MOTOROlA 
BRAVOR.)( 

16''''''509' n1<motY • "'I!mI 
MOTOROlA 

BRAVOPl.US 
16·""" .' memo<y • TIme amp • Timr: & dote sump • 5 rTlJSIC:41alf:rt 

Afl PIl<:es Include ac~vaUO'\ 2 months' 11' •• seT'llce; I'M) yeatS tree VOICe INII. uniofTllted tla31OS. end 
Southern California, Phtxnlx and Lu Vesas coverage. Some ,,,lflCtlons apply 

ACTIVATE YOUR PRE~D PAGER $389 ClM1''' m<pepood ""'1''' $699 '" ooo.. grnooths SCMCt, 1WO~ .. • ftct \OCt rMII m f\"te: tM!ll1Cf\ fro \0(( mad Md I'r«:r: trvallCtl 
2 YEARS FREE VOICE MAfL ON ANY ACTIVATIONI 
PAGE .Jt#'.E 

SS97-! (linmont /oWSlII¥d. (In Midl50n $quirc Shopping (cnttr) 619!i68-9898 
• M:.no 1 t~\I F"Ot, 10oo . m 10 6 00 pm - Sttlolfd'f 11 00 ~ 0 . 00 OI'TI • VI" MfstcrC.rd AmerlC." [q)IUS ' o.Ko"el 

Nt ..... c ... ,tomt rs only Musl p,cscrtld Offer' nplfc 611 01 

Monday, May 18, 1998 

9058 flashpromo@hotmail.com (5114-26) 
The Herb Shop It UTe is seeking FT and 
PT employees. Herbal experience helpful, 
will train. Above average earnings. Friendly 
environment. Opportunities for both personal 
& professional growth. (888}648-9928. (51 
14-26) 
HELP WANTED -Certified Financial Planner 
seeks part-time intern; flex hours. Call 
Michael @ 556-7000 x326. (5/14-26) 
Software developer-outstanding long term 
opportunity with growing profitable San 
Diego medical imaging company. Respond 
to mreicher@worldnet.aH.net (5/14-6/1) 
Asian Model Search. Females for calendar 
+ magazine production earn exira income, 
no exp OK. Call now 619-688-8470. (5/14-
21) 
SUMMER PAINTING POSfTIONS. UCSD 
Housing Maintenance is hiring student 
painters forthe summer to assist with prep., 
painting and drywall repairs. Begin 6115/98. 
Mon-Fri ., 7:30am-4:00pm. $6.87Ihour. Pick 
up application from Laurie at 310 UCtr. (51 
14-26) 
Wanted- Part-time babysitter for toddler and 
infant. Approximately 20-25 hours per week. 
Childcare experience required. Call Janeen 
at (619) 792-8838. (5/18-26) 
Restaurant- Part Time Coffee Cart/Cafe 
attendant needed, excellent environment-
good tips. Near UCSD- Call (760) 634-
2370. (5/16-21) 
$50-$200 an hour. Female models wanted. 
No nudity requ ired. All body types welcome. 
Leave message (619) 624-6784 or (760) 
944-3635 (5118) 

ROOMMATES 
Beautiful Mira Mesa Apt., seeking friendly 
cool roommate, 10 min. from UCSD. Near 
lots of restaurants + stores. Available ASAP 
or starting 6/1196. $404.50 for own room. 
Lify @ 578·7032. (4/13-5128) 
Roommate(s} wanted for 3 bedroom UTC 
town home. $400 plus 1/3 utilities or $600, 11 
2 utilities. Non-smoking. No pets. Kathryn , 
619-587-6595. (4/23-5/18) 
Roommate needed for 3 bedroom, 1.5 bath 
condo near UTC. $420/mo. + 1/3 utilities. 
Available start 6/1. Includes pool , park. 
Please call Shawna at 452-2236. (514-28) 
Rooms for rent in a beautiful 3 bdrm condo 
in Del Mar area. Own room , 2 car garage, wI 
d, pool, spa. and tennis. $400 + 1/3 utilities. 
Female non-smoker please. Ask for Celeste . 
794-1679. (W-1 8) 
Looking for apartmentmate for summer and 
next school year, own room in Point Lama, 
near beach. $325/month. Available end 
June. N/S. 222-0853 (5/11 -21) 
Female roommate wanted in 3 bedroom 
townhouse. Non-smoking. $384/month + 11 
3 utilities. Ava ilable June 22. Call Tamar 
450-98 t 8 (5/11-14) 

-------

Summer Roommate Wanted: Male, Share 
spacious master bedroom. Full bath, own 
closet. Quarter mile from campus. $2901 
month . Call Dave 625-8469. (5/14-18 ) 
Female roommate wanted-avai lable for 
Summer. Near campus. NS. $350/month + 
1/4 utilities. Call Sheri 455-0902. (5/14 -21) 
Roommate Wanted . Availa ble : 1 bedroom 
in a beautiful La Jolla condo. $375 plus 1/3 
utilities. Garage. pool. spa, tennis. Located 
3 minutes from UCSD, near UTC. Must like 
dogs. Available August 1st. Call Melissa 

Serving UCSO For 
Over 30 Years 

-CAMERAS 

-LENSES 

-BINOCULARS 

-DARKROOM 
SUPPLIES 

All @ Discount prices! 
UCSD P.O. 'S accepted! 

459·7355 
7720 Fay Ave, La Jolla CA 
www.bobdaviscamera.com 

622-1232. (5I14-26) 
Female roommate needed for 4 bedroom 
UTC town home. Own room, share bath, wI 
d, pool. $295 + 1/4 utililies. Cal l 455-6246. 
(5/14 -28) 
Female roommate for 3 bedroom Clairmont 
Mesa apartmenl. $260/month + 1/3 utilities. 
Available June. Kerry at 505-4672 
Male seeking roommate to share apartment 
near campus. $258 a month plus 1/2utilities. 
Call Todd 638-t434. (5118) 
Two roommates wanted, preferablyfemale , 
non-smoking, for spacious UTC town home 
from mid-June through early September. 5 
minutes from UCSD. $338-$4251month + 11 
4 utilities. Call Ka ren 642-0934 by May 25th . 
(5/18) _______ _ 
Female roommate wanted. 1 single room 
available mid-June thru Sept. 15 in UTC 
townhouse. $400/month + 1/4 utilities. 
tncludes pool, parking, washer & dryer. 
Ctose to bus, grocery, etc. Call 453-8513 (51 
18-28) 
Roommate wanted to share 4 bedroom 
near UTC for the summer. Single bed and 
bath available. Call Cristine 567-6810. (51 
16-21) 
Large, newly painted 4 bedroom house in 
University City. Seeking roommates and 3 
individual rooms are available. $350-$4501 
month . Rent includes gardener, cable TV , 
and utilities. Price is negotiable. Call Arnel 
638-9891 . (5/16-21) 

FOR RENT 
UTClla Jolla Colony Towhome: 3-bedroom, 
2.5 bath, $1525, available late June. Washerl 
DryerlRefrigerator. NearVons, Costa Verde, 
UTC. 454-6462 (4/27-5/21) 
FOR RENT- Town homes all sizes plus large 
5 bedroom homes. Reserve now for summer 
or fall. First come first served. 578-4257. (51 
4-18) 
La Jolla Furnished room in Townhouse 
near UCSD + bus, utilities, laundry, kitchen. 
Prefer male Graduate or Post-doc. $500; 
450-6935. (5_n _-l -".6) _____ _ 
Ocean Front Complex, 2 bedroom 2.5 bath 
condo, cathedral ceilings, skylights, pools, 
tenn is , quiet, available Sept.-June, Solana 
Beach, $1300-$1400/month. 481-2205 (51 
11-6/4) 
Huge Master bedroom available June 1, 
Genesee Highlands, $410 per month + 1/3 
ulilities. own bathroom Lisa 457-7986. (51 

14~ __ _ 
4 bedroom house in Del Mar. Walk to beachl 
village. 158 7th St. $3000.00 month/year 
lease. (619) 509-1471 . (5/14-26) 
Two rooms available 911 in Mira Mesa Town 
House $263.50/mo. Near stores, community 
pool, 15 min from UCSD Megan 547-9093. 
(5/14-28) ______________ __ 
For rent: UTCILa Jolla Mesa Estate 3-
bedroom, 1 1/2 bath condo $1250/month. 
Refrigerator, washer, dryer. End unit, quiet, 
near UCSD, available July t. Call Collect 
(626)286-5832. (5/14-18) 
Room available. Walk to UCSD. Bus stop 
nearby. Pool/jacuzzi , 3 bed. $383.33/month 
+ 1/3 utilities. Available 7/1 for summer andl 
o~e~. Kyndra 450-9816. (5/ 1~26) 
SUMMER SUBLEASE. 1 rooml $380 per 
month. Female non-smoker. 5 minutes to 
UCSDI pool/laundry. Call 452-4313 (5/18-
21) 
Beautiful 3 br./t .5 bath condo near UTC. 

sung/asses 
by BAUSCH & LOMB 

The UCSD Guardian 

Part ially furn ished. Close to shopping , 
UCSD. Ava ilable late June. $1350. Call 
Nasrin at (619}450-3690 ext 334. (5118-26) 
Room for rent in a two bedroom condo near 
Vons! Costa Verdel UTCI bus lines. $3751 
month + 1/2 util ity. June 15-Sepl. 15. 587-
7964. (5/18-21) 
ROOMIBOARD: La Jolla. Kitchen , laundry 
privileges, pool, breakfasVdinner included. 
$550 Carolyn. 534-1794 (work)1 551-9338 
(home). (5/18L ______ _ 
Room available for summer andlor next 
year in 3 bedroom lownhouse. $380/month 
+ 1/3 utilit ies. 5 minutes from UCSD. Call 
678-8621 . (5I~ 
For rent, large 3 bedroom, 2.5 bath condo. 
Pool , tennis, garage, laundry. Available now. 
Deposit negotiable. Bike to school. $1 ,400. 
(619) 755-0986. (5/18) 
FOR RENT- One or two bedroom 
townhouses. Large rooms, close to UCSDI 

. UTC/ Bus. Clean. July lstorBl4. 578-4257. 
(5/18-21) 

FOR SALE 
Bar size POOL TABLE wlaccessories, rack! 
3 sticks/balls. Excellent condition wlo 
scratches or dents. $650 Modern @ 597-
0943. (5n-21) 
1986 BMW 325i Excellent condition. Low 
miles. Sunroof. AMIFM Cassette. 5 spd. 2 
door. Pewter gray. $5000 obo. 619-625-
9267. (5/14-2 1) 
Used set golf clubs w/2 drivers; 1 titan ium; 
1 big bertha $250 or o.b.o. Call Scott 587-
9686. (5/14-21) 
Surfboard, 6' finel ine. Good condition wI 
wax and leash. $1 10 o.b.o. Matthew 296-
8683. (5118-28) 
FOR SALE: 1989 Red Chevy Cavalier. 
Automatic. Excellent condition. $4,000 
negotiable . Please call Sasha (619) 463-
6395. (5/16-21) 
For Sale : 7'2', 20 3/4 x 2 314 . Surfboard 
shaper Carl Hayward. Ideal for beginners! 
intermediate. 6 months old. Excellent 
condition. Bought for $385, sell for $265. 
Call Ben (619) 587-9147 orcallRaj (619)587-
9194. (5116-26) 
93 Acurallntegra Rs for sale. 76K miles, 
must sell. $9,200 o.b.o. Call 306·6000. tf no 
answer, please leave message. (5/18-21) 

VV ANT E D 
EGG DONORS 

WANTED 
If you are a healthy female 

between the ages of 19 and 30 
and have health insurance . 
Compensation $3,500. 

Call Mirna Navas at 

(310) 829-6782 
for more info. 

WE 'RE LOOKING FOR A FEW GOOD 
SPERM. All races needed, Donors must be 
20-38 years. Compensation $50 per 
acceptable donation. Call OPTIONS (800) 
866-9373. (212-6/4) 
Jewish American subjects reimbursed for 
interview. If you area UCSD student, 21 -25, 

call 552-8585 x4185 for more information.( 11 
12-6/4c..} -,.-_______ _ 
EGG DONORS NEEDEDI Have you 
considered helping an infertile couple's 
dream come true? II you're 21-30 years and 
willing to help, please call OPTIONS at 
(800) 886-9373. All races needed. 
Compensation $3,500. (3/30-6/4) 
Jewish American subjects reimbursed for 
interview. If you are a UCSD student, 21-25, 
cali 552-8585 x4185 for more information. 
(3130-6/4) 
Males and females paid $30.00 for interview. 
II you are of Japanese, Korean, or Chinese 
descent call VA, 552-8585)(2182. (3130·614) 
UCSD ALLERGY STUDY: Subjects with 
current alle rgy symptoms to inha led 
allergens (dusl, grass, animals) needed as 
blood donors. Will be reimbursed $35.00 for 
blood donation. Contact 534-2374. (5n-18) 
Asian Model Search. Females for calendar 
+ magazine production eam extra income, 
no exp OK. Call 619-686-8470. (5114-21) 
EXTRA MONEY!!! SKIN BIOPSY for Cystic 
Fibrosis Study. Wanted: Normal male 
volunteers to donate 4 skin plugs (back! 
shoulder) $75.00 compensation. Study site: 
UCSD Medical Center (Hillcrest) . Call 543-
6935 or e-mail:hbyun@ucsd.edu. $75 for 
your skin! (5/1 8) 
Cheeper Peepers! Eye exam and complete 
pair of glasses- only 499. 10 minutes from 
UCSD. Dr. Selby 0 .0.578-6796. (5/18-614) 
CONTACTS- Exam, Fitting, FOllOW-Up, One 
pair OW soft conlacts- only $69. Ask about 
our incredible colored lens offer. Dr. Selby 
0 .. 578-6796. (5/18-6/4) __ __ 

~~~~~~ 
~WOMENWHO ~ 
~ AREPROUD ~ 
~ of their heritage, you ~ 
; may be eligible 10 be an ; 
~ egg donor if you are ~ 
~ 21 -28 years, healthy, ~ 
~ responsible . ~ 
~ Call Stephanie, FFC ~ 
~ 619·581-1820 ~ 
~ GENEROUS ~ 

~ COMPENSATION ~ 
~ Asian donors needed ~ 

~~~~~~ 
SERVICES 

Passport photos, $5.95. Cofor Llser 
Copies, 69 cents. Copies, B& W, 3_5 cents. 
Cal Copy, 452-9949 (wilD). (4/2-6/4) 
Typing Service. 10 pages $25. 15 pages 
$30. Pick ups M,W ,F; Will type in your office! 
Leave message at 310-581-906 t . (4/16-61 
4) 
A.D.D is caused by a biochemical 
predisposition and is associated with 
depression, anxiety, PMS, poor school 
performance. work dissatisfaction and not 
working up to full potential. For a free 
screening by an MD (G-44320) call the 
Attention Deficit DisorderClinic at (619}465-

CLASSIAEDS 17 

6622 (514-21) 
Cheeper Peepers! Eye exam and complete 
pair of glasses only $99. Ten minutes from 
UCSD. Dr. Selby 0 .0. 578-6796. (5/"-614) 
CONTACTS- Exam, fitting, follow-up, one 
pair OW Softcontacts -only $89. Ask about 
our incredibte colored lens offer. Dr. Selby 
0 .0 . 578-6796. (5111-614) 

LOST & FOUND 
Lost: Sitver men's ring wlbtack engraving. 
Lost on 514 near Library Walk! Center Hall. 
Reward offerred. Please call 558-2393. (51 
7-6/4) 
Found: Set of 3XS index cards found in 
BE231C (Warren Lecture Hall 2207) on 
April 30th. Come to EBUI, Room 4109 to 
pick up. (5/11 -614) 
Lost: a small silver & gold watch (Guess 
brand). I'm desperate I! Have you seen It? 
Call Jessica 534-5226. (5114-6/4) 

PERSONALS 
"The Rise and Fall 

of Gay Culture" 
aulhor Daniel Harris 

appearing Wed. 5/20 at 
UCSD Price Clr. Theatre I 

hors d'oeuvres, book signing, 
presentation and Q&A 

5:00 PM • FREE 
presented by Thurgood Marshall College 

Hewlett Diversity and Unity Project 534-4390 

I'M LOOKING FOR 
the driver of a gold sedan 
(woman wilh brown,lblonde 
hai r, early 20's, wearing a 

tank lOp and jeans) 
Was shopping atCiolhestime 

La jona Village Center 
aroord 1 :00 on Monday, 5/4 

Please ca ll 5.1. at 
760-433-4727 

CRAtG "THE JUDGE" GRIFFITH! Have a 
Happy 19th Birthday! Don't forget your 
birthday promise to me! - Diva M.(5/18} 
Where can I get me one of them rope belts? 
Max Baer, "Jeth ro" from the old Beverly 
Hillbillies TV show, wants to open a Hillbillies 
casino and theme park in Reno. (5118) 
The long awaited Rat Pack Reunion can now 
take place. Farewell, 01' Blue Eyes. (5118) 
The plot of "The Horse Whisperer" involves 
50-year old Robert Redford and his romance 
with a thirty -year old. Irs a Science Fiction 
flick. P5-8ob, at your age, the hair shouldn't 
be the same color as Ally Mc Beal's. (5118) 

CONTACTS AND 
f\ttt SUNGLASSES 

* 
·with mail-in rebate and va lid UCSD 10 

e Exam & fitting 
- (4) 6-packs B&L Disposables 
e Free pair of B&L sunglasses ($69 value) 

GORDON G. WONG1 0.0. 
LA JOLLA EYE 8l LASER SURGERY MEDICAL CENTER 
Downtown La Jolla, I block south of Hard Rock Cafe 
7825 Fay Ave, Suite 140, La-Jolla 459.6200 

\ I ... C I ,t ... I, I r I I C I I t I I. I I I \ I I' I I'" "I 'I I I. I If. , I I \ I, I \ 1 I " '\ I " I 1 ~ 11' 1 I 1 ' I I , 



18 FEATIJRES 
l • l ' I • 

SOAPBOX: 
Tainting water 
livens up society 
Continued from page 11 
feinated-water, it sounds suspi -
ciously like fluoride in the water 
supply, Granted, I am aware that 
thi is something that you purchase, 
not 'omething that is pi ped into 
your home, but stlll - it makes 
you think that if somebody thought 
to put caffeine into water, what else 
are people thi nking about puuing 
into water'! And, how many of 
them are devising ways 10 get stu ff 
into the general water supply, not 
just consumerist bouled water'! 

Imagine if you will , the govern-
ment - or some other omnipotent 
organization , like Microsoft -
dec ided to begin tainting the water 
supply, We would no doubt devel-
op into a fairly monotonous society 
of people, at least those who drink 
water from the tap. Thi s could be 
interesting. Think of all things with 
which wc could do the tainting ... 
Prouc 

While an obvious choice, talked 
about frequently among people who 
want to take over the world, imagine 
the consequences of a Prozac-taint-

ed water supply. No one would be 
depressed anymore. People every-
where would Ix: pleasant, happy and 
under control. Crime rates would 
undoubtedly drop. The world might 
just be a better - although a more 
boring - place. 
Phe,..Fen 

Here is a drug that we could 
pi pe into the water upply that 
would feed into American society's 
unb rid led des ire to be anorex ically 
skinny. Just think, we could eat 
whatever we want , never exercise 
fo r any reason other than plea ure, 
and never even have to count 
another caloric or fat gram as long 
as we li ve. Woo hoo' 
Vlagra 

The potcntial penefi t for mar-
ri ed couples from this drug fil -
tered inconspi cuously th rough our 
water supply is immense, and boy 
would there be some happy 
women out there. Nonetheless, I 
think this plan should stay on the 
drawing board - there <Ire an 
awful lot of men out there who 
have difficulty controlling thcm-
selves as it is, and adding bonus 
erections to the equation could 
create a mass ive influx of rapi sts 
in prisons everywhere. 
Orthocyclen (better known as 

Thi i the opportunity of a life time to travel 
and make money. Qualify as a Daewoo Campus 
Advisor and get a FREE trip· to Korea. Then 
you' 11 be at the center of a unique marketing 
program that will launch Daewoo into the U.S 

. market during 1998.** 
From the moment you arrive in Seoul, Korea 

this summer your day will be cramm d full of 
exciting, new experience . You'll see Daewoo prod-
ucts, visit Daewoo production faciliti es and enjoy 
Korean culture. The "Discover Daewoo" program 
i an experience you'll never forget. 

The U,CSP Ouardi,an 

the PIli) 
While birth control might not be 

an issue for everyone out there, it 
still could be a good idea. We are 
definitely in need of some popula-
ti on cont ro l around here and it 
would cut down on the number of 
abortions. It might have somc inter-
esting effects on men, though. 
Clarltln 

Here is a drug that would be a 
bit more innocuou if cverybody 
were ex posed to il. For those of you 
who do n't know, it is a powerful 
ant ihi staminc wi th a few side 

effect~, like drowsincss, that typi-
ca lly accompany antihistami ne. 
Everyonc's <l lI c rg i e~ would be 
cured and it would save many of u, 
a fortune. I suppose it could dam-
age of the fiscal security of Kim· 
berl y-Clark (the company that 
makes Kleenex), though. 
Accutane (acne medicine) 

Back to that whole American 
obsess ion with looking good ... we 
could cure half of all teen angst 
inside of a week. No one would be 
so unfortunatc as 10 have horrible 
acne scarring that they 'll have to 
walk around with for the rest of 
their life. Women could stop filling 
up bathrooms with pimple creams 
and blemish concealcrs. 

Then when you return to 

DAVIS: 
Punished should 
not be criminalized 
Continued from ...ce 15 
and scholarly discourse, punish-
ment in so close ly articul ated with 
crime, when we rarely evoke the 
category "pun ishment" outside of 
the "crime and punishment" link-
age - that anyone who is pun-
ished is eternally criminalized. and 
those communities cxperienci ng 
surplus punishment also experi-
ence surplus criminalization. 

The historica l silence around 
slavery has been accompanied by 
an even more resounding si lence 
around imprisonment. In the post-
slavery SOllth , the convict lease 
system, which largely targeted 
black people, replaced the antebel-
IUIll pcnal system, in which mostly 
white peoplc were held, because 
black people were punished in the 
domestic realm on the plantation 
by the sla velllaster. TIley weren' t 
subject to the forms of public cap-
ture. but in the aftermath of slav-
ery, black men and women who 
commilled petty offenses, stealing 
chickcns, for example, could be 
held for many years at work and 

college as a Daewoo Campus ~ .... 
Advisor,*** you'll have the oppor- 1'0 ,,~ 
tunity to earn money and purchase 
a new Daewoo car at a substantial discount. 

Help build a new car company by helping us 
market Daewoo car during your pare time. 

• Comp/(!h! dl,;lml" lA'," IX' pI'fMwllY.( at (J lo/('r dale. 
•• /lU/f' of lh' pf'(tfpYIm may 110(1'" to mit/pi, U'I'" l~mOlUl tll(.(f' f't*RI,[alWfI<l 
••• Sub,}'C1 (0 ri'R,bt/,,,, {md (/Imbjil'OluYJ .... 

Monday, May 18, 1998 

could be forced to work under con-
ditions that frequently were much 
worse than slavery. 

. [ refer to the convict lease sys-
tem because it is the historical 
prcccdent for the present-day cor-
poratization and privatization of 
the punishment industry. More-
over, the system arose as a kind of 
concretization of the Thineenth 
Amendment, wh ile they forbade 
slave ry in general, explicitl y 
rescrved the possibility of slavery 
and involuntary servitude for the 
penal system. 

I think it 's important these days 
thm we gcnerate hope for each 
other. Hope is a word that i not 
often pronounced these days. This 
world seems to be so devoid of 
hope, and therefore r want to end a 
note of hope, the hope that has 
been preserved for us, for us to act 
upon, the hope that has been pre-
served for us in the imagination of 
those writers, poets, singers, ora· 
tors and, as a matter of fact, in the 
imagination of filmmakers and 
painters and acti vists and organiz-
ers. We need to change the world. 
We have no other alternative today, 
and let us figure out how we' re 
going to do it. Thank you very . 
much. 

Central Campus 
AP&M • Bursar's Office 

Canyon Vista • (enter Hall 
Club Med • Geisel library 

General Store • Grove (affe 
HSS lecture Halls 

Marshall Dean's Office 
Med School library 

M.O.M. • Pepper (anyon Apt! . 
Peterson Hall • Porter's Pub 
Price (enter • Rathskeller 

Registrar's Office 
Revelle Sundry Store 

Solis Hall • TiogalTenaya Halls 
Warren lecture Halls 

York Hall • Undergrad library 
University Bookstore 

USE Credit Union 

Outer Campus 
RIMA( • UNEX 

SuperComputer Center 
Institute of the Americas 
Gilman Drive Info Booth 

Torrey Pines (enter 
North T.P. Info Booth 

SIO library • Snackropolis, SID 
Niremberg Hall, SIO 
Thorton Hospital , ER 

Early Childhood Education (ntr. 

GUARDIAN 

) J I ) i i, I • \ 

Monday,'May 18, 1998 

FIFTH: 
Six shots separated 
second and fifth 
ContIIIued frOlll ..... 20 
Sullivan (315). 

The Monarchs boasted the top 
three individual performers. 
Methodist's Chad Collins won the 
individual title with a 5-under-par 
283 - tying the Division m record 
set by Jon Lindquist of Gustavus 
Adolphus in 1992. Collins led the 
way with his tremendous effort, 
followed by teammate Brell Car-
man (284). Fellow Monarch and 
last year's champion Brion 
McLaughlin took third with a 3-
under 285. 

Wydra's squad began the tour-
ney shooting even with the mighty 
Monarchs. Both squads started the 
week with scores of 295 - good 
enough for second place behind 
Ollerbein. 

On Tuesday, Methodist took a 
lead that it would not relinquish , 
but the onrushing quartet of UCSD, 
Ollerbein, Greensboro and 
Alleghany still had hope. 

The Tritons followed up their 
295 with a 30 I, falling 9 strokes 
behind their heated rivals. 

They say in golf that Saturday is 
moving day - referring to the typ-

ical third day of tournaments. It is 
usually on the third day of compe-
tition that the contenders make a 
run in hopes of pUlling distance 
between themselves and the nearest 
competitor before the final day. 
This way, they can cruise to victory 
and dodge the immense pressure of 
carrying a tight lead into the final 
round. 

II 's safe to say that on Thursday, 
the third day at Nationals, the Mon-
archs packcd their bags and left the 
rest of the 21-team field choking in 
a trail of dust. Their 277, II-under 
par effort created an enormous gap 
bet ween the leaders and ... every-
body else. 

Methodist started the day 3 · 

(11)'//'/ ",;., l/ile III, 1/1 ,'II/" iI'\t" 1<111,1 "/1,1, III' 

I "I " 
The UCSD Guardian 

strokes ahead of the nearest foe, 
Ollerbein, but fini shed the day 21 
strokes ahead. Friday turned out to 
be just another day in the week as 
the rest of the squads jockeyed for 
second-place bragging rights . 

Uberuaga and Byrd will be 
missed in 1999. Their leadership 
and willingness to help youngsters 
like Donahoe and Sullivan went a 
long way in contributing to the 
team's success. 

Another year has passed and 
Methodist still remains perched at 
the top. No one knows how long it 
will stay there, but one thing's for 
sure - every time the Monarchs 
tum around, Mike Wydra's bunch 
will be gunning for 'em. 

will be held on 

t· • ~ ... r 
, I I " I I 

SPORTS 19 

surfboards, bodyboards 
wetsuits, swimsuits 

clothing, skateboards 
snorkle gear, and more 

Sunda~JuneI4, 1998 
in the University Price Center Ballroom 

at 1:30 p.m. 

Ph.D., M.F.A., and 
Masters degrees conferred 

Reception at the 
Ulliversity Price Cmter Plaza 

Students who will have completed all requirements by 
Friday, June 5 and are eligible to participate should 
contact OGSR at x43436. Contact the bookstore for 
cap and gown rentals at x47323 or x44568. 

A.S. Authorized Propaganda is produced each Monday by the Associated Students, UCSD. S!udent Organizations 534-4450 
are encouraged to advertise in this by filling out the lorm located outside th~ A:S. Secretary's office on the 3rd Iloor 01 
the Price Center or e-mail us (subject: Synergy): asucsd@ucsd.edu . SubmiSSions are due each Wednesday at noon http://asucsd.ucsd.edu 
~f~o~rt~h~e~n~e~~~M~ognd~a~YQ's~I~·s~su~e~.~================~====================lT==================~~~~~~==~======= 

Volunteer Connection Student Governr,!' -
Helping Hands: is looking for volunteers to provide moving 
ser-vices for persons with AIDS/HIV, Volunteers are re-
quested to participate at least once a month on a Saturd~y, 
usually from 9am to 12noon. Helping Hands would also like 
to welcome those who wish to help out for just a day. If you 
or your organization are interested, please drop b~ the Vol-
unteer Connection (2nd floor of Price Center) to Sign up. 
Questions? Call Vincent at 291-1496 

Lecture Notes 
Note-Taker position open at Lecture Notes ($8.17/hr) . Applica-
tions are being accepted until Thursday, May 21, 4:00 PM at the 
Lecture Notes office in the Student Center. 

San DIDO Int'l Film Festival 
May 21 In Case I Never See You Again (MexiCO) 8pm 

May 26 Gypsy lore (Hugary) 8pm 
May 26 Derengo (Hungary) 9:30pm 

June 2 Doing Time for Patsy Cline (Australia) 8pm 

All films Shown at Mandeville Auditorium 
Tickets $4 students $6 genereal at the UCSD 80x Office 

Are you interested in being part of student government here 
at UCSD? A.S. Council positions open: 

Financial Controller 
Assistant Programmer 

Assistant Student Advocate 
Student Advocate Issues Coord, 

Office positions open: 
Internal Staff: Academic Affairs: 
Student Org Coord. Issue Coordinator 
Rep to UCPG Researcher: Student Voice 
Course Materials Rep. Research: Academic Senate 
PR Coordinator Coordinator: Committee & Projects 
Career Services Renov~tion Rep. 

External Staff: 
COD 
NAD 
SAD 
LAD 

Finance 
Development Director 
Financial Special Projects Director 

These are just a few. If you're interested, come to the third 
floor of the Price Center to the ASUCSD offices and apply. 
For more information, e-mail asucsd@ucsd,edu or 
call 534-4450, 

.. 

-

-. 

-



20 SPORTS The UCSD GUllrdian Monday. May 18. 1998 

. ...,..,. ... ", 
,...., .... . 

'rta ..... ", • 
.. ' ........... .,1tIt 

The Soul 
Pole 
Saul Sheridan 
The Dodgers Made 
a Huge Mistake 

Since Friday morning, when 
I first heard about the trade, I 
have been hoping that I will 
suddenly wake up and it will all 
have been a dream - really, 
really bad dream. I hope that 
Mike Piazza is still where he 
belongs, anchoring the Los 
Angeles Dodgers, launching 
home runs onto the 405 freeway, 
and providing Dodger fans with 
a sense of excitement every time 
he steps up to the plate. 

But no, Piazza is gone. 
Piazza is not the greatest 

defensive catcher of all time, but 
he is probably the greatest 
offensive catcher of all time. 
The new-look Dodgers traded 
Piazza away for a defensive 
player, two profess ional cry -
babies and a 39-year-old bench 
warmer. 

Granted, Charles Johnson is 
an awesome catcher, maybe the 
best defensive catcher in base-
ball , but that is not enough when 
you give up a franchise player 
who is a perennial all-star and 
one of the most recognizable 
faces in sports IOday. 

What I want to know is why. 
What is it that we gained when 
we sent Piazza to Florida? 

Offense could not have been 
the motive; Piazza and Todd 
Zeile's combined offensive out-
put is more potent than the com-
bined effort of Gary Sheffield 
and Bobby Bonilla. 

Attitude was not the motive, 
either. Bonilla is one of the most 
notorious cry-babies in baseball, 
and Sheffield admits to purpose-
ly slacking off in the fi eld wh i (' 
he was on the Brewer~ h f ' 
he wanted to be traded. 

Money could not have been 
the problem; the Dodgers have a 
larger payroll now than before 
the trade. 

Piazza was a Dodger for only 
five-and-a-half seasons. In that 
time, he set Dodger records in 
career batting average. slugging 
percentage and set single-sea-
son records in those categories 
as well as in home runs. And he 
was on ly going to get beller. 

Piazza was a professional. 
He was working hard to become 
a beller defensive player. He 
was a fan favorite. While he was 
taking criticism for not leading 
his team to the postseason, he 
was the only Dodger who con-
sistently put up big numbers in 
the final months of the season, 
keeping his team in contention 
while the rest of the team 
seemed to disappear. 

Now he is gone. on his way 
to join the Yankees, the Orioles 
or the Brave . When Piazza 
wins the World Series with 
whatever team he ends up with. 
only then will we know his 
importance to the Dodgers. 

- Dave Parke, 

Fifth is Peachy in Georgia 
NATIONALS: UCSD 
shoots tourney-best 293 
on Friday but Methodist 
rolls to another title 
By Sean Rahim! 
Senior Staff Writer 

It 's really just a formality. The 
Methodist golf leam gets on the 
plane, shows up at the NCAA Divi-
sion III National Championships 
and leaves with the trophy. 
Methodist knows it , every other 
team knows it, even Buddy from 
"Charles in Charge" is clued in to 
what 's going on. 

For 1999, the NCAA should just 
send the trophy to the Monarchs in 
advance. Don' t even invite them to 
the tournament ; let somebody else 
get a crack at ii. 

Capping another predictable 
tourney, the Methodist Monarchs 
captured their fifth straight NCAA 
Division III Championship last Fri-
day at the Oleander course at Jeky II 
Island Golf Course in Jekyll Island, 
Ga. The newly crowned, five-time 
defending champions have won 
eight of the last nine - UCSD 
grabbed the title at Torrey Pines 
Golf Course in 1993. 

The 72-hole event was over the 
day Methodist arrived in town. Its 
collective score of 1,143 
- 9 shots under par -
shattered the prev ious 
Division III mark et by 
Cal State Stanislaus. 
Back in 1980, Stanis-
laus grabbed the title 
with a four-day total of 
1,156 (plus 4). 

Ollerbein College of 
Ohio secured second place with 
1,179, followed by Allegheny Col-
lege of Pennsylvania (1 , 182), 
Greensboro College of North Car-

Claire Schneider/Guardian 
Pressure-Cooker: In the muggy Georgia weather, seniors Jeremy Byrd (standing) and 
Greg Uberuaga played better than their pained expressions belied . 
olina (1,183) and 
UCSD (1,185). 

The Tritons shot their best team 
score of the tourney on Friday. The 
293 helped them to finish fifth 
overall on the final day of competi-

tion. 
Sophomore James Donahoe led 

the pack for Head Coach Mike 
Wydra - finishing with an individ-
ual total of lover par, 289. Senior 
and captain Greg Uberuaga, who 

led the tournament after his first-
round 68, finished tied for 16th 
place with a plus-7 295. Greg John-
son tied for 25th at 297, followed 
by Jeremy Byrd (311) and Darin 

See FIFTH, Page 19 

UCSD Tennis Loses Two To~Flite Seniors 
FAREWELL: Tritons say goodbye to standout 
seniors Emil Mihet and Anthony Melicharek 

By Bill Burger 
Staff Writer 

In a week thaI saw one of the 
biggest trades in sports 
history, we are reminded 
of whal is good about col-
lege ath letics. The 
almighty dollar, the dri-
ving force behind profes-
sional sports, takes a back 
seat in the college r:mks to 
camaraderie, teamwork 
and the love of the game. 

Unfortunately, like all good 
things, the days of participating in 
college athletics must come to an 
end. 

The1'ritons' season-ending loss 
to UC Santa Cruz marked the final 
match that Emil Mihet and Antho-
ny Melicharek would ever play for 
UCSD. Each will be difficult, if not 
impossible, to replace. 

Mihet joined the Tritons ' lineup 
four years ago during Brian Turn-
er's first year as head coach. 

Mihet's influence was immediately 
felt in singles, as he started his 
freshman season at No. 5 singles. 

His doubles play was 
another story. 

"He was probably the 
worst doubles player I 
have ever ·seen," Turner 
said about Mihet's playas 
a freshman . 

Four years makes quite 
a difference. Mihet, who 
maintained his strong play 

at No. 2 singles this year for the 
Tritons, has matured into a force in 
doubles; He and partner Steve Sha-
bel are currently representing the 
Western Region on the campu of 
Williams College (Mass.). 

Next year, Mihet will continue 
to allend UCSD and serve a an 
assistant to Turner. 

Anthony Melicharek began his 
UCSD career three years ago as a 
transfer student. His talent was 
obvious immediately as he used his 

Monika Kobylecka/Guardian 
Volley: Senior Emil Mihet returns a forehand. Mihet was UCSO's 
No.2 singles player and also on the No.1 doubles team. 
height to produce a serve that most 
opponents found close to impossi-
ble to return. In spite of his talent, 
the biggest mark that Melicharek 
leaves on the Triton team is his 
relentless effort. 

"He always gave 100 percent," 
Turner said. "I can't remember a 
time that he wasn't pushing himself 
to the limit." 

Melicharek was one of the Tri -
tons' most consistent players in 
both doubles and singles through-
out the eason, and he always 
maintained a level head through 
good times and bad. 

Melicharek's plans for next year 
are undecided, but for now he is 
planning to join the Air Force and 
work on a law degree. • I 


