
Elsewhere 
Radcliffe Debate. 
Role Change 
CAMBRIDGE, Mass. -
Harvard University is consid-
ering changing the amhigu-
ous role of Radcliffe College 
after nine months of secret 
negotiations. Sources close to 
the discussions said that 
Radcliffe may soon relinquish 
its 119-year-old ro le as an 
undergraduate co llege for 
women and instead focus on 
research effort s. Certain 
undergraduate organi zati ons , 
such as the Radcliffe Union 
of Students. may be in limho 
as a result of the changes. 
Today, the onl y afii li ati on 
that many st udents have with 
Radcliffe is that graduating 
seniors may have Radcliffe's 
seal placed on their diplomas. 

- The Harvard Crimsol1 

Law School Ousts 
Professor 
WASHINGTON - The 
George Washington 
University Law School 
recently choose not to renew 
Professor Elizabeth 
Gehman 's three-year teach-
ing contract after she used 
another professor 's exam as 
her own. In 1995, Professor 
Joshua Schwartz gave 
Geltman hi s old exams and 
other materi als to use as 
lihrary resources and teach-
ing aids for a property- law 
class. Geltman used a sl ight-
Iy modified version of 
Schwartz 's final exam as her 
own . Gehman told the 
school's faculty that her deci-
sion to use the exam was the 
mistake of a "young, over-
worked first -time teacher." 
Several students have alleged 
that Gehman was a victim of 
sexual di scrimination. 

- The Hatchet 

illinois Will Not 
Change Mascot 
CHAMPAIGN, III . - The 
University of Illinois Board 
of Trustees does not plan to 
change the Chief lIIiniwek 
mascot, despite protests from 
students and alumni . The 
hoard voted in 1990 to keep 
the symhol as the uni versity'S 
mascot. According to hoard 
member William Engelbrect , 
the board may reconsider the 
mailer if there is new ev i-
dence for eliminating the 
symbol. However, Paula 
Ostrovsky, a memher of 
Alumni Against Racist 
Mascots, said that anti ~Chi ef 
organizations have provided 
enough information on puhl ic 
sentiment. She added that her 
organization presented a let-
ter to the hoard with the sig-
natures of the 943 students, 
staff and alumni asking for 
the mascot to be removed. 

- The nail.\' lIIi"i 

Spoken ••• · 
.. We're not prepared to 
wait five years for the 
charter school to start 
kicking students into 
UCSD." 

- Jorl. Macal 
Associate professor of literature 

Blind Am ion 
Third Eye Blind prepare to set 
UCSD on fire this Friday night at 
afree TG at the RIMAC Arena. -

Hiatus" page 8 

Evolution? 
. Writers argue that 
Darwin s theory is 
not based in fact. 

Opinion, page 4 

Goal 
Women:\, waler polo 
continued its heaied 
rivalry with SDSU. 

Sports, page 2( 

, H E u c 5 

UC AN DIEGO THUR DAY, APRIL 16, 1998 

Dave Lubitz/ Guardian 
Diversity: Randy Edmonds, of the Indian Human Resource Center, decries the lack of 
Native Americans at UCSD. Chancellor Robert Dynes stands at right in the background. 

Dynes Listens to. Protesters 
Over 70 people gather at the Chancellor's Complex 

By Ryan Olson 
Co·News Editor 

A crowd of UCSO students, staff and fac-
ult y members, as well as several community 
members gathered outside the administration 
complex on Tuesday morning to protest the 
drop in the number of students admilled from 
underrepresented racial minority groups to 
UCSO. 

Chancellor Rohert Dynes and several vice 
chancellors attended the demonstration. 

Joseph Watson, vice chance llor of student 
affairs, released CSO's admissions stati sti cs 
last month. The number of African Americans 
offered admission dropped 45.6 percent , the 
number of Mexican Ameri cans offered admis-
sion dropped 40 percent and the number of 
Nalive American ' offered admission dropped 
37 percent. 

"It 's depressing walking around thi ~ cam-
pus and ' not see ing anyone thai looks like 
me," said Marshall senior Terry Colin , a 
member of Ihe Afri can American Studenl 

nion (AAS ): "The word on the street is 
that the UC system is not a very good place 
for minoril y sLUdent s." 

Sys temwide, admission of African 

Americans dropped 17.6 percent , admission 
of Mex ican Americans decl ined 4.7 percent. 
admission of Latinos decntased 12.9 percent 
and admission of Native Ameri cans fe ll 5.4 
pen.:enl. 

A number of speakers at Tuesday's protest 
said that the universit y has the responsibility 
to serve all of Ihe citi zens of Californi a. 

"The University of California is a puhlic 
school," Colin said . "It has a responsibility 10 
educate the puhlic. The puhlic is the state of 
Californi a. The numhers don ' t li e - 40 per-
cenl of the state of California are African 
American and Lalino." 

Speakers at the rall y urged Dynes to 
adopt hi s commi ss ion of diversi ty'S recent ly 
released report which urges Dynes to 
increase funding in several di sc iplines and 
ca ll s for the estah li shmenl of a chief diversi -
ty officer and a ouncil for Equa l 
Opportunily. 

'" want stress Ihe importance of follow-
ing thi s di ver~i ty commission and make sure 
thai these promises hei ng thrown at us arc 
kept up and make sure that we put pressure 
on the administration and make sure that 

See PROTEST, Page 7 

VOLUME 94, ISSUE 6 

Koala TV 
Illegally Airs 
Pornography 
MEDIA: Student Cable Works 
rescinded Koala TV's 
broadcasting rights last week ' 
By Jenny Nicholson 
Senior Staff Writer 

The members of Koala TV, one of UCSO's 
student-run lelevis ion shows. have learned the 
hard way Ihal ther' are limils to what can he 
shown nn lelevi sion , and that thc. Fi rst 
Amcndlm:nt is nOI all -indusive. 

Lasl Tuesday at 10 p.m., Koa la TV aired 
a copyri ghted pornographic program which 
it s members had not received penni sion to 
air. The program ran for approximate ly one 
hour. 

While the program was running, Koala TV 
memoers allegedly used obscenc language to 
refer 10 the woman . 

Several Warren TV members viewed thc 
show and reported the incident to Student 
Cahle Works (SCW), the organi zation that reg-
ulales student-run television on campus. 

On Wednesday, SCW rescinded Koala TVs 
broadcasting rights as a result of Tuesday 's 
incident. 

Koala TV President Chris Lighthody olTi -
cially withdrew the show's memhership as a 
student organization this Monday. 

"We met with [Koala TV] and explained 
thai the incident was totally inappropriate," 
Student Organizations and Leadership Office 
(S.O.L.O.) Med ia Advisor Randy Woodaro 
saio . "There were no charges against the show's 
memoers . 

"They elecled to di sband based on the inci -
dent ," he added. 

Koala TV has bden a registered student 
organi zati on at UCSO since 1996. On the reg-
istralion form, its members li sted the purpose 
of thei r program as "to make the animals 
laugh." 

Tuesday ni ght 's program was dee med 
inappropriate because it violated copyright 
laws and featured excess ive nudity, as well as 
ex plicit , obscene language. Admini strators 
sa id their main concern , however, is dealing 

See KOALA, page 7 

D.isabled Students Have Tro~ble Finding Parking Spots 
CARS: People without 
disabilities often park in 
blue, reserved area 
By Quyen Tu 
Staff Writer 

For those who drive to school 
and for tho 'c living on campus with 
a car, the headaches encountered 
when trying to find a parking spot 
during "peak" time of the day are 
all too familiar. 

Yet few are aware that people 

wi th disahilities also face common 
parking di lemmas and that the~c 
problems are sOllleti Illes com -
pounded hy 0 1 her st ud ent ~' 
actions. 

There are only a handful of 
blue spaces reserved for di sahled 
people in any given parking lot on 
campus. To park in one of these 
spaces legally, one must have a 
current California tat,e-issued 
placard. 

However, people without such 
permission often park in the spots 

reserved for people wi lh disabili -
ties. 

According to Roberta Gimblell, 
director of the flice for Students 
wi th Oi~ab iliti es (OSO), people 
who park in the blue spaces seldom 
rea lile how they arc creating prob-
lems for others. 

"People thin~ _ that since they 
will only be Iparked] there for a 
few minutes, it' s no problem." 
Gimblett said. "But when everyone 
uses the same excuses, there is a 
problem." 

She 'aid the other temptation is 
for dri vers to park in the cross-
hatches between two blue spaces. 

"The reason that the cross-
h\l tch is there is 10 allow for the 

vehide~ to lower and rai se 
wheelchairs ," Gimblell said . 
"When a car is parked in the 
cross-hatch. it is impossible for 
the car next to it to load a whee l-
chair." 

According to Gregory Snee, 
director of transponalion and park-

See PARKING, Page 3 



2 NEWS 

All Around Campus 
Today 
Price Center FiLm Series: "Half-Baked" 
Relax wi th thi s hilarious li lm. whil:h will he shown al 7 p.m. and 
10 p.m. in the Price enter Theater. Admi " ion is $2 for eal:h 
showing. For more infomlation. cnll !l22-206X. 

Music: New Music Forum 
Lislen LO picces by UCSD grnduate-studelll composer:. al 8 p.m. 
in the Mandeville en ter Recilal Hall. For mure information. call 
534-4830. 

Tomorrow 
Music: Third Eye BLind 

ee pop music sensalion Third Eye Blind perform at the RIMAC 
Arena al 7 p.m. Serahtonil: and Rehekah wi ll open the show. This 
concert is free 10 students. 

Sports: Womens Water Polo . . 
Cheer the Tritons as they face Loyola al 6 p.m. 10 the Canyonvlew 
Pool. For more information. call 534-4211. 

CWD Film Series: "Whos Afraid of a Little 
Yellow School Bus?" 
This film will he shown al 7 p.m. in S01fs 107. Admission is free . 
For mure information. ca ll 534-4!l73. 

Music: Honors RecitaL 
Undergraduate studenl Tim Bmdley wi ll present a vari ed prugram 
fcllluring the French horn al !! p.m. in the Mandeville Cenler 
Rel>ital H all. For more infonnalior.. l:all 534-4830. 

Saturday 
Sports: Baseball 
Supporl Ihe Tritons as they face ofT aga inst Chapman at I p.m. in 
the Trilon Sradiu n . For information. ca ll 534-42 11 . 

Dance: Stephen Petronjo Company 
This dllllCC troupe will J!)Crform"~ot Garden" at 8 p.m . in the 
Mandeville Auditorium . The company is hailed as one of the most 
innovative and lalented companies of its generation. Petronio 
leads his eight dancers through richly textured. ground-hreaking 
works that arc internationally acclaimed. Admission for students 
is $ 16. For informalion, call 534-4090. 

Music: Violin Recital 
Music graduate studen t David Rhyther plays contemporary violin 
music at 8 p.m. in the Mandeville Center Recital Hall. Admission 
for studenl s is $3 . For more information . call 534 -4830. 

Sunday 
Dance/Party: Best Buddies Spring Fling 
All arc invited 10 thi s dance for developmentally disabled young 
adults and their college huddies at 5 p.m. in Price Center 
Ballroom A. For informal ion. ca ll 534- 141 4. 

Music: Classical/ndia Music 
1\ di~ciplc of Ravi Shankar. Karlik Schadri is considered one of 
the finest performers of Indian classical music today. Enjoy his 
silar music. which will he accolllpanied hy I\rup hatterjecon on 
Ihc tahla . Admission for ~Iud ·nts is $ 12. For informati on, ca ll 
534-4090. 

Roma Nights Music Series: Christiane Lucas 
Relax before heginning another week wilh Ihe music of Chri~ ti ane 
Lucas at Espre~so ROl1la al X p.m. For information. ca ll 822-206X. 

n.e UCSD Pep. Band wIIllOjoum to the fIIIr campus of 
UC Davia this weekend for Picnic DIIY. 

Have • safe el&ht-hour drive. 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, April 16, 1998 

ETCETERA .. ··. 
L'~ ,~ ®'~ct'8' HE~~ G~t~~6 
THE MANY MOODS OF 80B DOLE' 

BRIEFLY ••• 

Muir To Host Symposium 
Biological researchers, urban-planning experts, 

members of the media, epdangered-species officials, 
environmental-health advocates and others will be on 
hand at Muir College 's "Environmental Visions for San 
Diego County: A Celebration of John Muir College " on 
April 24. 

One of the topics that will be addressed is the 
Multiple Species Conservation Program, a compre· 
hensive program that targets 172,000 acres of land 
for conservation within a 90().square-mile area in 
southwest San Diego County. 

The symposium is being held to mark the 30th 
anniversary of the founding of Muir College. College 
namesake John Muir was an early advocate of envi· 
ronmental preservation and one of the founders of the 
American conservation movement. 

The symposium, which begins with a continental 
breakfast at 8:30 a.m. in the Price Center Ballroom, is 
free and open to the public. For more information. call 
Nancy Hatch at 534·3589 or go to http://www· 
muir30.ucsd.edu. 

Distinguished Latino Journalists 
To Visit Campus Next Week 

Distinguished Latino journalists Patrisia Gonzales 
and Roberto Rodriguez, the authors of the syndicated 
column "Latino Spectrum," will present a two-part 
public lecture on "Journalism for a Red-Brown 
Perspective" on April 22 and April 29 at 4 p.m. at the 
Cross Cultural Center. 

Gonzales, the first Latina syndicated columnist in 
the country, was recently a Freedom Forum 
Professional·in·Residence 111 the Department of 

Communication and Journalism at the University of 
New Mexico. She has worked as a reporter for The 
Philadelphia Inquirer, The Tucson Citizen, and The 
Corpus Christi Caller. Gonzales will give a presentation 
on "Environmentalism in Mexico " at 3:30 p.m. on April 
27 in the Women 's Center, located in the University 
Center. 

Rodriguez has written extensively on issues of 
higher education, demographic change and police 
brutality. From 1987-1994. he was a regular con-
tributing columnist for La Opinion, the nation 's 
largest Spanish·language paper. Since 1990, 
Rodriguez has been a senior writer with Black Issues 
in Higher Education. 

Students Choose 1998-99 A.S. 
Council Senators Last Week 

Due to space constraints, the Guardian was unable 
to announce the senators elected in last week 's elec-
tions. The senators are: 

Revelle College: Leila Niazi, senior senator; Casey 
Luskin. junior senator; Doc Khaleghi, sophomore sen-
ator. 

Muir College: Jennifer Lee, junior senator; Josh 
Caplan, sophomore senator. 

Marshall College: Terrence Patterson, senior sena-
tor; Erin Ming Lee, junior senator; Maricela 
Marroquin, sophomore senator. 

Warren College: Michael Ling, senior senator; Tad 
Takara, junior senator; Patty Yun, sophomore senator. 

Roosevelt College: Jeff Nessia, senior senator; 
Clifford Lee, junior senator; Kasey Crawford , sopho-
more senator. 

GENEVIEVE COX . Features Editor LuIJ,l1. Jaime MuidOOf>Gomel. cnnstop! r SYlVester, KenOrn Wal"er. ""Ison WilCOx II JESSICA SCHEPPMANN, ASSOCiate Features Editor ~:~~:~ ~~~::~~~o~a,cus Lobbla MEGAN KLEIN. Opmion Editor ADVERTISING ASSISTANT : Melody Gonzales JESSYCA WALLACE. ASSOCiate Opmion Editor CIRCULATION A5SISTANTS: Nick Allpour. Juhus cnol. Philip GOIOman. N'Ck TRAVIS HIU. Sports Editor Julius. Greg Uttle. [ric Wood JONAH NISENSON, Co-ASSOCiate Sports Editor ANN BAREFIELD, Busmess Manager 
me VCSD Guard"''' IS pUbh h.ld MonOays anO lhurSdavs dunng the academoc KEVIN M~~:HF~S~~~_~~~~~t~:'f;:ts fdrtor BROCK HALTER, Advertising Manager 
"ear .... and 101 II .. stucients 01 UCSO. ReprodUCl<on 01 thiS newspaper In any MtKE MARTINEZ, AdvertIsing Art DireCior iorm.v~he\hcr ,n "hole 01 in port. w,lhout Deloo,S Ion Is slnclly prohibited. SCOTT YAGER, Co-Hiatus fdltor JOE PAN, AdvertIsing Design & Layout 
C 1998. all" hIS r.sCf\/Cd TllfJ VCSD GuardIan IS not rr,ponsiOI lor the return CLAIRE SCHNEIDER. Photo Editor JOHN BARBER, Advertising DeSIgn & Layout 
01 unsohcll d moou cnDts or art. t he views expressed herein do not neees ."Iy BRENOAN CAHIU. GraphiCS Edllor YVETTE ALCALA, Assls lanl Business Manager 
repr-esent 11 op"'Ions 01 rhe VCSD GUilf'Mn, the unIVersity Of Call1orni. or lhe WALT DICKINSON, Design EdItor 
ASsocloted Students . Tile UCSD GlIa/dldn is IUnded solely by advertising. NICK RUNCO, Online fdllOr News/ Features : 534.5226. General Editorial: 534-6581 
YOu know 11 WOUld be nice W olher PCOIJIe could wrlle lhe ioke somebme - N.R. & w.O. IDlTOIIIAI. ASSISTANTS: Cnnst,na Sehrenk, Erika SnlOer Opinion/Sports: 534-6582. Hiatus : 534-6583 

TERRY LEW. fdltor In Chief IINIOIIITAFF WlllftRS: BIll Gian<moon.Undsay Harns. Mary HI@g.ns. Jenny Advertlstng Office: 534-3466. Fax: 534.7691 
JONAH FREEDMAN. Co-Managlllg Editor Nrcnol on, Sean Rahim!. COrlS Sehreiller. Anna Yaisman. Steve walSh. Esther e.mall: guar(l.an@UCs<J.cdu 

GRACE JANG . Co·Managlllg fdltor ~ WRITERS: Jell Bassell , Kara Canos, Paw DoOee. Jacotl GOfoon. Vincent Guardian Online: http://WWW.ucsd.edu/guard.an/ 
TABITHA GRANSHAW. Copy EdItor Gr-nanl. Sehr. Han. K8Cle Juna. M81I'- KalinowskI. Alme. Mackay. Annam UCSD Guardian 9500 Gilman DrI". 0316 

.. aRC C ....... ~, Assoclltte CO"" Editor _.... ,,, , 

...........n '" Manthlram, Adria McClain, Sara MOOsavi. EMn Pr~nc. Christina Rhudy. lIavita 
JUUA KUUA-MAD£JII , Co-News EdItor Sadan •• S8fa Sn,def. Quyen Tu. S. JIIY." \N)tIai . Y&-Lel Yane La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 

RYAN OLSON. Co-News Edi(or IUUITMTOII: Joe A"IIlulO ActIJaI fOCa.oon: Second Root. UCSD St.-nt Center Bu,..",. ·A·. Rm. 217 ~~~~~~uaftA~~SHA~. ~NKAR~.~,~A~S~.S~OC~/It;t;e~~:ew;s~Em~t;o~r~~~~~;~;;~;I~~~'~;:Mk~"~~;M;'S~.;AI;O;~;;CNm ... ~L~;a~~;;f.~Mo;;~;.~~;;;eeAka;· lor~d~. ~~~~~~~~ .. ~~~~~ .. ~~~~~~~~0 

Thursday, April 16, 1998 The UCSD Guardian 

San Diego Leaders to Offer 
Recommendations at Summit 
DISCUSSION: Jacobs 
and Feinberg participate 
in leadership council 
By Ryan Olson 
Co-News Editor 

Two San Diego leaders arc part 
or a leadership counci l Ihal will 
present ils recommendati ons for 
the promotion of econom i l.: 
progress and democracy in Ihe 
Weslern Hemisphere at the second 
Summit of Ihe Americas this week-
end in Sanliago, Chi le. 

Irwin Jacobs. chairman and 
CEO or Qualcomm. Incorporated 
and Richard Feinberg. dean or the 
Graduale School of Internal ional 
'Relati ons and Pacific SlUdies 
( IRlPS), served as members of the 
Leadership Coum:il for Inter-
American Summitry that devel -
oped recommendations for Ihe 

. upcom ing summit. 
BOlh Feinberg and Jacobs pre-

sented the council's policy report , 
Fmm Talk til Actioll: Ho w SlIflllllit,\· 
Call Help Forge a Western 
Hemisphere COll/munity til 
Prosperous Democracies, al a 
reception Monday evening at 
Quakomm headquarters. 

" If war is 100 important to leave 
. to generals, surely U.S.-Latin 

American relarions are too impor-
tant to leave 10 diplomals and 
bureaucrats," Feinberg sai d. 
"That 's why we formed the 
Leadership Council for Inter-
American SUlllmilry," 

T~e counci l asked the delegates 

PARKING: 
Fines are relatively 
lax on campus 
Continued from page 1 
ing services. on ly 22 1 of UCSD's 
13,625 parking spaces are reserved 
for people wi th disahili t ies. 

" Th\:se parking spaces arc locat-
ed in convenient and accessible 
locati ons within the parking lots," 
Snee said. 

The line ror parking in a desig-
nated handicapped-on ly Sp.ICC on 
campus is $280. wilh no chanl.:e for 
appeal. 

Compared to Ihe rest or n 
Diego COllnly. thi s is a re lative ly 
lenient line - 01'1' ""npus violalors 

PROTEST: 
Dynes urges greater 
dialogue on issues 
Continued from page 1 
they follow through wi lh thc~e 
Ihings." sai d Kathia Romo, chair 
of the Studenl Affirmalive Aclion 
Commillee. 

Jorge Mariscal, an a~sociale 
professor of litera lure, sa id Ihat 

CSD canno l wail for long-Icnn 
outreach initiatives Ihal arc current-
lyon Ihe lahlc to lake effect. 

" We're not prepared to wait 20 
year~ for th' rdon" of Ihe K- 12 
~y'tem ." Mariscal said . " We ' re not 

of Ihe summil to tack le "seven 
cri ti cal challenges." The delegates 
analyzed issues such as the shal-
lowness of democralic institutions 
and the weaknesses of <:i vi I soci-
ety. 

Organizalion of American States. 
said thill Lalin America's l ime as a 
pOlent free has I.:ome. 

" It 's Irue thai we weren' l a [Jri -
orily, hut we are hecoming one." 
Orfila said. 

The council's reporl ca lls for Ihe 
creal ion of an Inler-Ameril.:un 
Financial Council to avoid fUlure 

The wun<: il said th at summits 
can make a difference in the li ves 
of Ihe people in the Ameril.:as. It 

financial crises, the 
formation of an 
independenl com-
mission 10 fight 
wrrup tion and the 
organizalion of 
hiannual summits. 

"I feel very 
fortunate to 
have been able 
to partiCipate on 
this leadership 
council. It's 
certainly not the 
kind of thing 
that I do 
normally." 

added that sum-
mits cannot solve 
all of the prohlems 
- existing agen-
cies should slil l he 
involved in some 
issues. 

The report also 
addressed the 
problems of fail -
ing schools. envi -
ronmental degra-
dation and low 
savings rates. 

The report' also 
I.::rlls for earli er 
completion of 
negolialions for a 
Free Trade Area of 
Ihe Americas . The 
first Summil of the 
Americas. held in 
1994 in Miami, set 
a target date of 
2005. 

- Irwin Jacoba 
Founder and CEO 

Qualcomm, Inc . 

Feinberg gave 
considerable credit 
to Jacobs for his 
ideas about eco-

Institute of the Americas 
President Paul Boeker praised the 
council 's recommendation that 
only democratic nations join the 
trade alliance. 

" It is democracy Ihal produces 
more open processes and increas-
ing accountabiliry, and that has 
reduced crony capitalism and cor-
ruption in Latin America. to the 
henefit of the Latin-American peo-
pic and the people Ihat do business 
Ihere." Boeker said. 

Ambassador Alejandro Orilla, 
former secretary genera l of Ihe 

nomic reforms , to create equ al 
opportunity for entrepreneurial lal-
cnt. 

Jacobs said that serving on Ihe 
counci l was a unique experience. 

"1 feel very fonunate to have 
heen able to particip.ate on thi s 
leadership council ." Jawbs said. 
"It·s certainly not the kind of Ihing 
that I do normally." • 

Feinberg is scheduled to give 
his analysis of the summit at a spe-
cial dinner in Washington. D.C.. 
hosted by the Institute on Glohal 
Conflict and Cooreration. -

are charged $340. spaces. 
Although the fees do not "One new sirategy we are try-

increase for repeat olle nders, five ing in areas where wc have identi -
unpaid l:ilations will result in Ihe fied abuse of Ihese Ihandicapped-
dri ver's ve hii.:le "When a car Is onlyl spacl!s is to 
heing towed away. place ex tm sig-

Out of 30, 131 parked In the nage indicali ng 
tickets issued, cross-hatch, It Is the ex tent of Ihe 
countywide in fine for ill ega l 
March. 428 were Impossible for parking." Snee 
for cars parked the car next to It said. " We hope 
il legally in handi - to load a thallhi s wi ll serve 
cap p e d - 0 n I y as an additional 
spaces. wheelchair." i n fo I' mat i o n a I 

Due to a slaff - Roberta Glmblett deterrent th at will 
shortage in the Director. OSD help us provide 
p<lrking office, di sahled parking 
Snl!e sa id alternal ive methods arc for those whu have legitimale and 
used to discourage people from lega l need for acce~s 10 th ese 
parking In handicapped -only spaces ." 

prepared 10 wai l fi ve year~ for Ihe 
charter sc hool to start kicking slu -
dellls into UCSD." 

Randy Edmonds , a representa-
li ve from the Indian Human 
Resource C.:ntcr, decril!d the small 
numher of alive Americans al 
UCSD and urged Dynes to take 
aClion. 

"There is an old Ind ian sayi ng 
that mi ght apply," Edmond~ said. 
"Whi le Ihe chance llor Illay he full 
of Ihunder and lighlning, there is 
lillie rain . lillie suhslance." 

Edm()nd~ ilbo [Jointed ou l Ihat 
no alive Am.:ncam ~crved on Ihe 
diversity commbsion. 

Dyne~ addre~:.ed the audience 

ancr all o f Ihe ~chcdu l ed spcakl:r~ 
had spoken. He agreed wi th the 
crowd. ~aying th ai he was " Icrri-
hly frustrated hy the numher~ as 
we ll. '· 

Dyne~ said that he had hroken 
the di versily commission's report 
inlo ~ections and had sent it orf to 
the appr priate vice <: hance llors. 
He encou raged the crowd to con-
tinue to parlicipate in discu~~ion on 
oU lreach. 

"Please engage in the t:On ~lrll\: ­
li ve debale Ihat has 10 go on so 
thai \Ve can make thi s <:al11pus 
accessible 10 every young per~o n 
in thl! ~Iate of aliforni 'I." Dyne, 
~aid . 

NEWS 3 

International Studies Abroad.CSOO) 580-8826 
Spain 

Ecuador 
France 

Mexico 
Chile 

Costa Rica 
http://www-studlesabroad.com 

1,541 
parking spaces at the UCSD Medical Center, Hillcrest were made safer through 
seismic upgradcs, lighting. elevator work. and redesigned access-(619) 543-6524. 

. -. 

J UCSD J parking.ucsd.edu 
UNIVERSITY OF CAUFORNIA SAN O1£GO TRANSPORTAnON & PARKING SERVICES 

Now ENROLLING: SAN DIEGO'S #1 COURSE FOR THE 

Serving the UCSD pre-medical community since 1985 

* M.D.'S TRAINING M.D.'S-OF-THE-FUTURE * 
• INTENSIVE MeAT preparalion & medical chool applicalion/ 

admissions 3!>sislance arc all we dO- II 'e're lIo/like tire o/irer guysl 
• MeAT EXPERTS: an independent program laugh I hy UCSD-trained 

academic M.D.'s. top M.D.-Ph.D. candidates. & English Department 
Ph.D. facuhy. 

• QRIGINATOR of inlcn,ivc M AT prep in San D,cgo 13 ycar, ago' 
• 9 WEEKS (150+ hours) of' delailcd in-clas, IIl>lrUclion & rcal MeAT 

tcsling. prohlcm ,olving. reading/writing worbhop' , revicw group,. 
med school application & admissions strategic,. & tutonng. 

• 25110 PAGES of original take-homc review nole,. reading & wri ling 
,tudyguidcs. MCAT & admissions , Imlegy handout>. problem sc lS. & 
MCAT-qu,~liIY limed praclice exams. 

• REA L MCAT TESIING for in-class & wkc-hollle praclice. 
• DIRECT CONTACT with you ng UCSD docs & med siudents. 
• TUTORING, pre-med lihrary & mcd school application help/ree! 

"""-,,,...n.I;!.!..L."""" al Ihe UCSD chool of MC:l.licjne. 
• $250 LESS Ihan ulher courses. 

~ EiCJ 



4 OPINION 

EDITORIALS 
Editorial Board 

'.r" Le., Editor In Chief 
JCMIIIII Fr-"-. Co·Managing Editor 

fir .. J .... Co·Managing Editor M.,. Klein. Opinion Editor 
J ... yca W .. I_. Associate Opinion Editor 

Julie Kull ........ r. Co-News Editor 

The UCSO GuardIan IS published twICe II wee~ at the I.Ifirtets.ty of Ca.ljomla. Sat! Otego Cort\ents 
01998 \I,ews eAlJ(essecl herein regresent the m3jOfity vole 01 the eOrlon81 ooara , ana are not 

necessarily those of the UC Board 01 Reeenl&. the ASUCSO. nor t~ entire GlJWO'IM s(aff 

Student Safety is a 
Concern at 'The Cliffs' 

How many students can resist Ihe allure of "the 
cliffs." Ihe grassy area just west of the univers ity in 
Ihe exclusive La Jolla Farms development? 

Not many. we're willing 10 bet - and therein lies 
the problem. While lechnically a pari of the universi -
ty, the cliffs arc rarely - if ever - patrolled by 
UCSO's security forces. This needs to change. espe-
cially in light of the recent alll.lck on two students . 

The incident is proof Ihat nowhere is truly safe. 
Students should be careful when going to the cliffs, 
walking across campus in the wee hours of the night 
or heading out to the Gliderport - a relatively safe 
place by day, bul a ralher sinisler one by night. 

Granled. Ihe students' attackers escaped with only 
a watch, wallet and jacket. The cliffs are no hotbed of 
crime, and fear is no reason to give up some of the 
best sunsets in Ihe western hemisphere. 

Students need to take responsibility for their own 
safety, but the task is not solely theirs. The UCSO 
police should send an officer out the cliffs at least 
once per shift. just to walk through and keep an eye 
or two on the place. If nothing else, a CSO biking 
through the park every couple of hours would do 
wonders for students' peace of mind. 

The cost of such patrols would be minimal , and 
the potential benefits priceless. 

Seventeen Magazine 
Recognition Quite Baffling 

For th ose of you who haven't already heard, 
Seventeen magazine ran a several -page feature on 
"good-looking" UCSO male athletes thi s month, 
focusing on members of the soccer, waterpolo, swim-
ming and surfing teams. 

How strange Ihat Seventeen magazine would 
notice UCSO male athktcs, much less run a feature 
on them. In the issuc 's wake, we are lefl wondering 
whatever drew Seventeen's altention . Considaing 
that U SO doesn' t gel enough altention from rags 
su h as US. Neil'S lIlId World Repo,-, for the quality 
of ils academic programs, why would Sl'I'l'lIIeell 
catch on to us? 

UCSO 's athletic tcams - while kickin g ass in 
Oivision III - are hardl y nationally renowned. 
Again, why would Sevellleell catch on to us? 

The answer~ to these questions aren't rca ll y 
important What astounds us is that US. Ne ws and its 
high-powered ilk are all but ignoring Ihe crown jewel 
of the U system, while a magazine aimed HI 14- t~ 
IS-year-old girls is fawning over us. 

Hopefully the next lime a magazine wants 10 run 
a special section abolll UCSO, it'll be for ollr acade-
mics rather than our abdominal s. 

Props and Flops 
k~ Only 20 pen:enl of Ihe ~1U(.knt hOlly IUrncd lout 10 Vol~ in la,1 w.:d ' ~ .S. eleclions. "):r Whomever said il firsl w uldn ' l lIa .: hccn I1Ime 

V ri ghl - SD is a\\ur.:dly apalh':lic. 

ongralL"alion~ and an emphatic Ihumhs up ~-" 
10 Ihe San Diego Padre, for Iheir phenomena l A ( , 
12-3 ~IJrt 10 lead th.: ational Leagu.: We,tan )~ r, ~ 
I ivi,ioll. Keep up the hard work. P,ld,! -...:~ 

'. I 

Ok:,),. Sa il Diego. do we reall y need more 
hot.: I,"! Mayhe the c.: lty can c.:nme up with ~om'­
tiling more u,e lull or an Diq;an, to , pcnd their 

on, rather than increa,ing the numher of 
,.,.,.Jlb .. .. " ' · · .... , , 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday. April 16. 1998 

PINI N 

CELLS Too COMPLEX To BE 
ExPLAINED By EVOLUTION 

COMMENTARY: From enzymes to glycolysis, the function of the human cell is 
so detailed that it seems impossible it could have fonned by mutations and chance 
By Casey Luskin. Kirk Jensen 
and Mike Kostura 
Contributing Opinion Writers 

Charles Darwin. in The Origills of 
Species, said. "If it could b.: demon· 
strated thai any cOlil pleX organ cx isted 
which wu ld not pos,i hl y have been 
forilled by numeruu,. succc,sivc \ Ii ghl 
l11 odifil:a ti on" my theory wou ld 
ah,olulely hrcak down'-· 

The phra~.: ··I11I.:1lig.:nt design·· 1);1' 
become laboo in modem biology. Whik 
a growing nUl11her of ,cienti sts ar.: 
beCliming convinced that celb conlain 
ev idence that li\"e as we know it is a 
"design.'· lIIany proponcnts of Darwin \ 
theory of evolulion ha ve Iheir cyes shul 
to any alternative explanati ons. 

An analy,is o\" the cell cha llenges th~ 
evolutionary paradignl '~ "r.I~t " o\" 
descent by Illoditication ~lIld reveals 
unmistakahle evidem:e of intelligenl 
design . Beginning hiology studenls, 
upon first glam:c of thc ce ll. arc struc.:k 
by its utter complex it y. 

For instance, glyc.:o lysis, the funda-
mental metabolic palhway of life, 
requires 10 separate enzymes to per-
rorm the c.:e ll's mo,t basic funclion -
rucl producti on. ellular runction, 
such a~ g l )'l:()ly~is b.:g the questi on. 
"How did it all arise '!" 

Our intuilion lIlay respond to u~, ·· It 
was d'slgnl!d," but w.: arc told other· 
wise. We an: told tint Ihe edl is the prod-
lll:l o\" evolulion: a blind, unplanned, pur-
posdes, proc.:e,s in volving mUlation and 
natural selection, by which ~pe~ ie, 
change over time. We pmpose that the 
purposeful arrangcmcnt of clo!>ely inter-
ac.:ting parts within the cell, which 
together carry oul d"tinct function ,. 
could 1101 have arisen by any OIher 

proc.:e~ than intelligent dc,ign. 
During the mid- 19th century. when 

Dalwinian evolution was lirsl gaining 
• • U .",. 1 ~~~e 

Darwin himself said 
that If any biological 
feature "which could 
not possibly have been 
formed by numerous, 
successive slight 
modifications" was 
discovered, his theory 
of evolution would 
"break down." It Is our 
sincere hope that the 
scientific community 
will recognize the 
existence of such 
features and not close 
Its eyes to the 
possibility of design. 

~omething 'I) elemental that It could 
spontan \!ously oo/e itself into ex is-
tence OUI or ,Ollie chcmical hrolh. The 
underlying mechanisms r '~ponsible 
ror bodily func.:tions ~uch as vbion and 
hlood dOlling remained yet unknown. 

How\!ver, i.1l tbe la~ SQ years, ~in-
.j eltt ' ., 11~ rt. . 

hoxes" of cell biology, revealing a 
compicx world of interac.:ting molecu-
lar machines. Biologically speaking, 
these "mi cro-mac.:hines" arc far morc 
comp lex than yo ur daddy's '66 

Mu~tang - they are enzymes. 
Science has discovered that 

process.:s lik.: Vis ion and g l yco l y~is 
each requi re a myri ad of cnzyme inter-

ac tion~. H en.:·~ the catch: anyone of 
the~e pam. or cnl:ymcs. i~ es~enti a ll y 
usclcs, by ihelf and only has function-
al val ue when all other pa rl~ are pre-
sent. f'or whal good is a bicycle chain 
without a hicyclc'! 

Furtlf:rmore, Ihe absence of any 
one intermediate enzyme renders the 
pathway functionless. JUSI Ihe same. a 
c.:o mplete hi cycle wilhout a chain may 
be pedalcd and pedaled, but it will 
never go anywhere . An unthinking 
machine, like a c.:e II , may pedal and 
pedal without ever realizing that il has 
no chain ; energy is ex pended . hut 
there is no functional result 

Thus, an incomplele pathway not 
only deprives an orga ni sm of the 
advantagcous function, but also wastes 
cc llular energy. According lo Darwin's 
id.:as. ~uch an organism would be nat-
urally selccted OUI because it is unlit. 

Proponents of evolulion say the 
process is not goal -directed. Yet , ;11 the 
molecular level , new funclions n.quire 
an evolutionary jump. Such a jump 
requires the production of many new 
part s, all of which mu,t he pre:-.cnt at Ihe 
same time for the new function to occur. 

Again , a simple real life examplc is 
glyc.:olysb, in which a single malrunc-
tioning enlYllle re~ults in a fi>on or dia-
hetes. In Ihe ahsenee of medicine. such a 
fault would he quickly !>elected out due 
to natural seleclion. As previously dis-

cus~ed , a c.:ell gain~ no advantage in ran-
(joIply producing even nine of the 10 
• See DARWIN, Page 5 

Thursday, April 16, 1998 The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

STUDENT REAsON"ING IN RECENT ELECTIONS QUESTIONED 
Editor: 

The results or the ASUCSD 
elections have. unfortunately. 
proven the ignorance of the UCSD 
student body - and. given this 
ignorance, Ihe fact that slates such 
as "Studenls First!" and 
"Millennium" are detrimental to 
the efficienc.:y of the A.S. govern-
ment at UCSD. 

By voting blindly for all mem-
bers of a slate, rather than by virtue 
of the abilily. knowledge or vision 
of each particular candidate, thou-
sands or UCSD students have 
proven themselves lo be both naive 
and i gnoran\. 

The naivete lies in the fact that 
these voters trusted that all candi-
dates on their " fa vorite" slate were 
qualified and. knowledgeable 
enough to keep the promises out-
lined in the plalform of that slate. 
This is clearly not the case, howev-
er, as the winners in both the pro-
gramming and student advocacy 
are so extremely unqualitied for the 
positions they will be enlering Ihat 
the goals and promises of the slate 
- as far as these oflices are con-
cerned - are bound to be c.:onfused 

DARWIN: 
Cells were designed, 
not mutations 
Continued from page 4 
gly~olylic enzymcs in hopes that 
future cel ls wi II blindly ligun: out 
Iheir "purpose" and evolve Ihe last 
one. Without direclion or a goal. 

. these c.:e lls wouldn't tigure oul the 
remaining steps to glycolysis! 

We arc told t hatthc new molcc.:u-
lar steps mysteriously "stand forth," 
"emerge," or just "appear·· - with-
out any serious .:florts to layout 
plausible, testahle scenarios by 
whidl the stcp-by-step evolution of 
molcc.:ular mechanisms may be seen. 
This step·by-step evolution is highly 
improhable, most likely impossihle. 

So how docs a pathway arise'! 
Two ~hoices arc left. The first is 
that all necessary pa l1s of a function 
appeared simu ltaneously Ih rough a 
miraculous and highly improbahle 
mutation creating many new 
cnzymcs. The second choice is Ihat 
the function was crcatcd instanta-
neoll sly by intclligent de~ign . 

Thc glory or IMlUral selecti on is 
gradual step-by-stcp evolution. Now 
that we underSland the complexi ty of 
hioc.:hcl11blry, it is dear Ihat the,c 
sm:1l1 sleps must he va~1 jUlllps. The 
hri dging of tho~e jumps arc not 
~xp l ained hy gradual evolulion. We 
U\M:rt that intelligent t!e\ign i, the 

he~t pos~i ble ex planation. 
Darwin hims.: 1t ~aid Ihat if any 

biological featur~ " \1 hich could not 
po~sibly ha ve been forlll.:d by 
numcrous, successive sligh t modifi-
cations'· was discovered, hi~ th~ory 
of evolution would "hreak down ." It 
is our ~in~er' hope that the "ientili c.: 
comillunil y will rccognil:c the exis-
tcnce or ,uch feature~ and not cio!'e 
its eye~ to the possihilifY of design. 

Darwin 's theory of evolution ha, 
kd scicn ~e down u path of material-
iMn, a phi lowphy that ~ccks a natu-
rali,tic explanation for every phe-
nOl11enon. Intelligent design dashes 
with maleriali sm_ But cnn material -

i~m ~urvive lIndcr 20th -c.:entury bio-
c herni~ al knowledge'! Will we di s-
cart! evidence that poinh to intelli -
gent design in order to pre,erve our 

materiali~m '! Science has come to a 
crossroads. Let us hope it now 
chooses the rig,ht path. 

and unfulfilled in the coming year. 
The ignorance of the UCSD stu· 

dent body has been demonstrated 
by the inability of this population 
to use independent thought when 
voting, and therefore voting against 
their own best interests. One would 
assume that educated and indepen· 
dently thinking college students 
would be able to distinguish candi-
dates from their slates, to search ror 
and support experience and ability. 

However, instead, UCSD voters 
didn't take the live minutes neces-
sary to uncover the obvious Ilaws 
some candidates had - such as 
ignorance as to what the office they 
were running for docs (yes. we are 
serious), and rather voted solely by 
slate association. We can only won-
der on what basis one's ravorite 
slate was chosen'! Friends, brighter 
T-shirts, or glossier Ilyers perhaps'? 

Due to the fact that the UCSD 
student body is inc.:apable of mak-
ing intelligenl decisions based 
upon independent thought, slates 
are clearly a disservice to our 
school. This year's el(lction clearly 
shows that slates will endorse total-
ly unqualified people (and run 

, \ .~ ~ ~ 'f 'r f, " 

Letters t~~ Editor 
The Guardian welcomes letters from 
its readers. All letters must be no 
longer than three pages, typed, dou· 
ble-spaced and signed. Letters must 
also contain a phone number. We 
reserve the right to edil for length 
and clarity. Letters may be dropped 
off at the Guardian office on the 
second floor of the Old Student 
Center. Send all letters to : 

The Guardian 
Opinion Editor 

9500 Gilman Dr. 0316 
La Jol/a. CA 92093·0316 

Fax: (619) 534· 7691 
e-mail: guardian@ucsd.edu 

them against undoubtedly better 
candidatcs) in major posi tions just 
for the sake of having all offices 
represented on that slate. 

If. in fact , slates had the inter-

ests of "Students First," they 
would , at the very least, not pro-
vide the opportunity for a totally 
unqualified and inexperienced per-
son to hoth poorly represent the 
interests of. and inelliciently spend 
the money or, UCSD students. 

Although both educating UCSD 
or eliminating slates seem a little 
far-fetched right now, one (tempo-
rary) solution does still exist. If the 
candidates who won only by virtue 
of the slate they were running on. 
speci \"ically in the offices or 
Programming and Student 
Advocacy. truly have the interests 
or "Students First." Ihey will step 
down and allow the more qual i lied 
candidate to effectively run that 
office. 

This will allow for a more effi-
cient and producti ve student gov-
ernment. and provide an opportuni-
ty for these people to learn about 
the position they would otherwise 
be blindly thrown into. 

If not, next year UCSD students 
can expect sub-standard festivals 
and concerts from the 
Programming Office and sub-stan-
dard student services from the 

Office of Student Advocacy. But 
before you complain, remember, 
you voted for it. 

Kathy Lee, 
AS. Commissioner of 

Programming 
Steve Roberts, 

A.S. F(' .~li\lals Coordinutor 

Give Newly Elected 
Leaders a Chance 
Editor: 

I am writing regarding the 
recent GtIGrdiall coverage of the 
Associated Studenls elections. 
First, I would like to thank the 
Guardia/1 for their confidence in 
my upcoming administration as 
A.S. president. I am fortunate to 
have the support of Guardian 
reporters who have extensive 
knowledge and experienc.:e with the 
Associated Students Council. 

In addition, I agree with the 
views or the opinion articles which 
pointed to some major Ilaws in the 
election bylaws of the Associated 
Students. A large reason I believe I 
was able to be victorious in the 

See LETTERS, Pag: .. ~ 

In a recent national survey of med school students; 

78% of Kaplan 
MeAT' students 
got into their 
first-choice 
med school. 

Translation ... nearly six times more ·Kaplan MeAT students got into their first-choice 
med school than Gid their classmates who took HyperlearningfThe Princeton ReView 

With results like this, it's no wonder Kaplan's the #1 choice for MeAT prep. 
Get started today. Call now! 

KAPLAN 
1-800-KAP-TEST 

www.kaplan.com 
"MeAT is a registered trademark of the Association of American Medicat Colleges. 

t1998 survey of medical students by Bruskln·Gotdring Research. For more details of the fil'Klings. see our website at www.kepten.comlmCllt. 

There is no second opinion. 



6 OPINION 

LEIIERS: 
Election process 
needs changing 
Continued from pace 5 
recent election was because of my 
campaign theme. "Joe Knows" 
allowed people to associate an 
elected position with a person, 
something that has not been seen in 
the last few years. 

I hope that the Guardian and the 
entire student body remember these 
concerns when I attempt to enact 
needed changes to the A.S . 
Constitution and election bylaws. 

However, I was quite disap-
pointed in lhe views expres 'ed 
towards two specific members of 
the newly elected A.S. Council. 
Without a doubt, James Navarro 
and Karen Juan earned their posi -
tions as student advocate and com-
missioner of programming, respec-
tively. Both individuals put forth 
the same effort campaigning for the 
"Students First!" slate. Except for a 
few exceptions, myself included, 
all candidates for A.S. Council 
positions were campaigning for 
slates, not for themselves. 

Now that we have seen who will 
be a part of the 1998-9\1 A.S. 
Council, I believe it is most impor-
tant what people are willing to 
learn, not what people already 
know. Using myself as an example, 
I have never been A.S. president at 
UCSD. However, I have no doubt 
in my abilities to do an excellent 
job. 

It is also important to point out 
that I believe James Navarro and 
Karen Juan will also do an excel-
lent job in their new positions. 
Although lacking some of the 
experience that their opponents 
had, these people may be able to 
bring things to their offices that the 
others were not able to. Let's not 
count them out before they even 
have the opportunity to prove 
themselves. 

James Navarro and Karen Juan 
have my complete and total sup-
port. spe;lking as the A.S. presi-
dent -clect , until they give me a rea-
son to believe otherwise. Since 
they have not yet been given a 
chance, I believe it _ is unfair to 
judge them. 

Thank you again to the 
Guardian and the students of 
UCSD who took the time to vote. I 
look forward to a productive ,md 
positive year. 

Joe Leventhal, 
A.S. President-elect 

Artlcl.s Unfair and 
Unprof .... onal 
Editor: 

I am responding to the 
"Ignorance Isn ' t Always Bliss" 
opinion anicle in the Mon ., April 
13, I \198 Guardian. Never in my 
years at UCSD have I encountered 
such an uneducllted, unprofessional 
piece of literature. 

The Guardian claims that cer-
tain members of "Students First!" 
lack experience. What does the 

The UCSD Guardian 

Guardian know about experience? 
They endorsed Dave Freeman for 
VP external, a man who has no 
external experi ence whatsoever. He 
never allended an external meeting 
or helped with an external event. 
Yet. the Guardian endorsed him 
and nowhere in the endorsement 
was there any mention of experi -
ence. 

Fu 11 hermore , Terry Lew men-
lions that "Leventhal brought a 
wealth of experience to the race ." I 
beg to differ. Not to disrespect Joe, 
but I feel it is necessary to bring 
certain issues to the students' allen-
tion since the Guardian hasn ' t. 

First , students shou ld know 
that their newly elected president 
has no A.S. experience. He 's-
never held a position on A.S. 
Council! J don't wish to insinuate 
that A.S. Council is the only valid 
type of experience. I believe in 
drawing upon alternative sources; 
however, the position of president 
demands A,S . Council experience. 
Presidency requires hands-on 
knowledge of A.S. Council. 
Second, Joe doesn ' t know system-
wide issues because he has no 
systemwide experience. So .if 
Terry and Jessyca Wallat:e ar~ so 
t:uncerned with experience, how 
can they explain endorsing Dave 
Freeman and Joe Leventhal? 

I have several concerns when it 
comes to Jessyca's artie/e. Jessyca 
personally allacks two members of 
the "Students First I " slate. I respect 
criticism when it is done in a pro-
fessional manner. But not only did 

CRUSH THE LSAT 
WITH 

TESTMASTERS 
The TestMasters LSAT Course Includes: 
• 80 hours of live, In-class Instruction 
• Instructors who have all scored In the 99111 

percentile on the actual LSAT 
• Student helpUne open 25 hours each week 
• Licensed use of all real LSAT questions 
• Four full-length proctored diagnostic tests 

Competitive cost - $950 

Jessyca's article lack professional-
ism, it was downright tasteless. 
Second, Jessyca ridicules James 
Navarro for bringing and referenc-
ing notes during the course of the 
interview. Last time I checked. 
there's nothing wrong with prepar-
ing for an interview. On the con-
trary, he should be commended for 
being well prepared. 

Third, both Jessyca and Terry 
allack James for referring to the 5-
percent fee ro llback. "Students 
First!" does not claim 10 have sin-
gle-handedly secured the 5-percent 
fee rollback. However, members of 
the slate, as pari of a system-wide 
effon, were instrumental in lobby-
ing and securing the rollback. Both 
the "Millennium" slate and Joe had 
the decency to admit that they did 
not work on the five percenl fee 
rollback issue. The only slate or 
candidate that could point to sub-
stantive work they did on the five 
percent tee rollback is "Students 
First l " 

The Guardian credits Joe with 
possessing alternative types of 
experience, yet they chose to di -
credit the alternati ve experience 
thaI Karen Juan and James bring 
with them. I admire that the 
Gllardian chose to look beyond 
A.S. experience. I only ask that 
they show some consistency in 
their evaluation of individuals. 
Karen and James possess qualities 
that will definitely benefit A.S. 
Counci l and their offices. In addi-
tion, their knowledge of issues such 
as the recent admissions statistics 

Thursday, April 16, 1998 

demonstrates their ability to create 
a lArger vision for council. 

Karen's knowledge of how Ihis 
year's admissions stalisties nega-
tively affect the climate of this 
campus is of utmost importance 10 
her position as commissioner of 
programming. Providing a more 
diverse ·array of programming will 
serve to address the current hosti Ie 
campus climate that was reponed 
by many students in the recent 
Quality of Life survey. I believe 
Ihal this ability to move beyond 
limited houndaries is a refreshing 
l:hange to the current attitude on 
council. 

As VP external, I can vouch that 
thi s year 's council is not condudve 
to team work. Most council mem-
bers show no interest in issues ou t-
side of their office. Next year 's 
A.S. Counci l will benefit greatly 
from the teamwork philosophy that 
Karen and James embody. My sug-
gestion to Jessyca and Terry is to 
screen their opinions for contradic-
tory points. And watch out for 
those tears in moral fabric . Dejil vu . 
Wasn't it this time last year that the 
Guardian endorsed Souley Diallo 
for A.S. president? Then they spent 
the subsequent year complaining 
about the bad job he was doing. 
"Students First!" was elected by 
sludents to do a job, and no one 
will be stepping down. "Studenls 
First l " will never die so long as stu-
dents need a strong voice to repre-
sent them! 

Arzo Mansury 
A.S. Vice President External 

"QUALITY THAI WITH A CLASSY SElTtNG" 
. n,C' Unbrunl1 &"l'r 

fill APPROVED (tlI Unknown Eater 
"THAI SELECTIONS ARE EXCELLENT... 

t h a i 

HOT BAS tL IS SUPERB" 

"THAI CURRY DISHES ARE GOOD AND SO 
ARE THE SPICY RICE AND NOODLES " 

• Til,. 51111 Vir1(tI U,.itm-T" lmll,. 

Lunch Special Dinner Entrees $595 starr at $ 6 95 
• we specialize in catering • 

open daily for lunch and dinner (sunday, dinner only) 
7734-c girard avenue · downtown lajolla • 456-0466 

---------------~ c 
FULL COLOR COPlfS 

Bnrw':llhas (oupon to thl! IClnl(o's hsted bf(ow nd fKeivf 
69( rull Coklr (OP1es. 

kinko·s® 
8849 Villa La Jolla Dr., La Jolla, CA (619) 457·3775 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

Thursday, April 16, 1\I\lH . 

A.S. MEETING NOTES 
Old Business 
./ Allocation of $344 from Student Organization Conference Travel 

Unallocated to Students Creating a Multi·Cultural Society for a field trip to 
the Museum of Tolerance in Los Angeles , May 3, 1998. Motion passed. 

./ Allocation of $40 ,000 from A.S. Events and Festivals : Sun God line 
item to Sun God Festival. Motion passed. 

./ Allocation of $200 from Femin ine Leaders in Outreach for La Raza 
(F.L.O.R.) for Sun God Festival Food Booth. Motion passed. 

New Business 
./ Allocat ion of $800 from General Unallocated to A.S. Admini stration for 

purchase of OmniLock security lock for new A.S. computer room. 
Referred to finance committee. 

./ Allocation of $1,601 from Student Organ ization Conference Travel 
Unallocated to Students Creating a Mult icultural Society. Referred to 
finance committee. 

./ Allocation of $2,003 fro m Media Unallocated to Val Fronteriza for 
spring quarter publications. Referred to finance committee. 

./ Allocation of $460 from Media Unallocated to Satiric on for 12·page 
publication . Referred to finance committee. 

DO WHAI II lAKES 

• '1 . 

Start by Attending 
Lewis Associates' 

Free Seminar 

Tuesday, April 21st, 7PM 
Liebow Auditorium 

2nd Floor Basic Sdtnm Building 
Univmity of California. San Di(go 

Refreshments Provided 

'10 BECOME A DEM'IIS'I, PHYSICIAM, 
PHYSICIAM ASSIS'IAM'I, 

OR WE'IERIMARIAN 

Lewis Associates is a preprofessional health advising enterprise 
dedicated to the success ful pl acement of students by Dr. Cynthia Lewis. 

Cosponsored by .:mn-
tnformation avaltable by phone 619·497-2500 or by c·ma ll cJlewls@cts.com 

THE ARMY CAN HELP YOU 
GET A $40,000 EDGE 

ON COLLEGE. 
'11, , Ar my can h Ip you get an edge on life and eam up to 

$40,000 for college through the Monlgom ry Gll3ill plus the 
Alll1Y Co llege Fund. 

Here's how it works. 
Enli st for fou r years. You 
then contribute $100 a 
month for the first year 
from your S 11.100 fi rst 
year salary. TIle Army 
then contributes the 
remainder. E nlist for 
three years and you earn 
$33,000 or enlist for two 
years and earn $26,500. 

Army opportunities 
get better every day. If you qualify, you could train in one of over 
200 challenging and rewarding high-tech skills in fields like 
avionics and electronics, satellites and microwave communica-
tions, computer and radar operations- just to name a few. 

It makes sense to earn while you learn. For more information 
about getting money for college, call your Army Recruiter today. 

1-800-USA-ARMY 

ARMY. BE ALL YOU CAN BE: 
www.goarmy.com 

The UCSD Guardian 

KOALA: 
Copyright penalty 
could be severe 
Continued from page 1 
wi th the possiblc rc pc rc u " i on~ of 
the copyrighl violal ion - a w ry 
seri ous, potl.! ntiall y ex pensive 
cr imc. 

"If they had aired an ex plicit 
tape withuut violating a copy-
righl . things might he dillcrc:nt ," 
S lud ~ nt Acti vities and 
Governlll eni (S.A.G.) Direc tor 
Ly nne Peterson said . "Although, 
of course, the outcomc mi ghl hI.' 
the sa lllc." 

The video\ distr ibutor, have 
eve ry ri ght to fil e a lawsuit 
against the memhers of Koala 
TV. 

''Th~ re is rea lly only on.;: side to 
the story," Lighthody said. 

Peterson said thai if the organi-
zati on docs fil e a lawsuit , the con-
sequences could potentially affect 

every student at UCSD. Koala TV 
has been a reg i s l e r~d student 
organi/,ation since I yl 6. Thus. the 
actions of Koal~ TV 's Illemhers 

NEWS 7 

graduating. 
"They were going to di sband at 

the end of the yea r anyway,"' 
Woodard said. "Unfortunalely, 

are ult imately Ihe 
res ponsihilili l!s of 
Ihe Associated 
StLluenl s. 

Thc costs of a 
l:opyr ig ht -v iola-
tion 1 ;I\I ~ uit would 
quick ly -over-
whelm the fund s 
or Koala TV 's 
prin ci pal llIem-
hers, so Ihe A.S . 
would he ullimHl ~­
I liable for thc 

"Th.y were 
going to disband 
at the end of the 

these circum-
stances 
ended 
curly." 

have 
things 

Regardless of 
thi s ,how 's 
removal from the 
air, Lighthody 
insists that Koala 
TV is not totally 
tkfeatl.!d and that 
it mi ght say 
good-hyc on a 
puhli c-al:cess sta-

damages. 
"The A. 

year anyway. 
Unfortunately, 
these 
circumstances 
have ended 
things ~arly." 

- Randy Woodard 
S.D.L.D. Advisor tion . 

would ha ve to pocket the charges." 
Petcrson said . '"Thi s is a very seri -
ous mailer. " 

'Tht:n: is a 
possibility that IVC will he filming 
a season-finale episode and airing 
it on Southwestern Cab le." 
Lightbody said. Ku;tia TV 's broadcast life is 

not heing cut extremely short , as 
this was to be the show's last sea-

Koala TV is indepcndcnt of the 
Koala, one of UCSD's alternative-

son because all of its members arc media publicalions. 

. C~I~~ra~ .~~~~ P9Y every day by recycli~9 the vCJordian when you are finished. 
,., . ~ ...... ,. • 1, .. ,1.1 a •••••.•• .•••• ~. 1 ... ~ ........ ~; ....... ii 4 •• , ••• t,. ••••••• • •••• • 



This Week 

'Second Hand Dance ' 
comes to UCSD 

,,,..11 
Films 
The following movies open 
in theaters tomorrow. 
• Homegrown, starri ng 

John Lithgow and Jamie 
Lee Curtis. 

• NI~atch, starring 
Ewan McGregor and Josh 
Brolin. 

• The Object of My 
Affection, starring 
Jennifer Aniston and Paul 
Rudd. 

• Suicide 10 .... , starring 
Christopher Walken and 
Denis Leary. 

Albums 
The following albums will 
be released next Tuesday. 
• Bon Yoy". will release 

Bon Voyage. 
• Evan a J.,on will 

release We've Never 
Heard of You Either. 

• ca.. Huff.r will release 
Just Beautiful Music. 

• Master' will release I 
Got The Hook Up. 

• Mya will release Mya. 
• Jimmy ' .. e and . 

Robert 'Iant will 
release Walking Into 
Clarksdale. 

• Public E_my will 
release He Got Game. 

• Red Aunts will release 
Ghetto Blaster. 

• Soulfly will release 
Soulfly. 

Concerts 
• Tickets are on sale now 

for The Untouchable. 
with Clyde'. Ride, who • 
will perform at the Belly 
Up Tavern on April 24. 
Call 220-TIXS for 
information. 

• Tickets are on sale now 
for Culture Clash, who 
will perform at 4th & B 
on May 1. Call 220-TIXS 
for information. 

UCSD Guardian Arts" Entertainment April 16, 1998 

Third Eye Blind ride the wave 
of success to headline a TG at 

RIMAe tomorrow night . 

onsidering that throughout the '90s, a band has 
had to be more than just a catc hy pop-group to be 
successful, it 's surprisingly refreshing that Third 
Eye Blind (3EB) have made such a name for 
themselves. 

The San Francisco quartet's self-titled debut is cer-
tified platinum, and their two hit singles, "Semi-
Charmed Life" and "How's it Going to Be," are enor-
mous radio staples - the kinds that sti ck in your head 
and carry you through the day. 

Tomorrow night at 7 p.m., 3EB bring their catchy 
hooks to UCSD, headlining a free TG at RIMAC Arena 
with opening acts Serahtonic and Rebekah. 

Third Eye Blind's meteoric rise to success is phenom-
enal. Although they have been together for four years, 
they didn't begin to draw attention until "Semi-Charmed 
Life" - a song about sex and drugs - hit the airwaves, 
quickly followed by an intriguing video on MTV set in 
the band's Golden-Gate hometown. The cut spent 10 
weeks at the No. I slot on Billboard's modern-rock chart. 

"This is the first time a song about sex and speed is 
a hit," lead singer Stephan Jenkins told USA Today last 
October. "I was quite sure people would be offended." 

Third Eye Blind (Elektra) - recorded in a ware-
house in San Francisco's Chinatown - did every-
thing but offend people. The successful 14-track col-
lection gained the band widespread attention, critical 
acclaim and opening gigs for bands such as James, 
The Rolling Stones and U2. 
In fact , 3EB got a big break 
in San Diego last May 
when they were sched-
uled to open for James 
at 'Canes in Mission 

See BLIND, Page 10 

Thursday, April 16. 1998 The UCSD Guardian 

M 0 v I E R E v I E 

courtesy of Warner Bros./Murray Close 
Heavenly Love: Nicolas Cage and Meg Ryan star as Seth and Dr. Maggie Rice in "City of Angels," 
Warner Bros .' romantic drama. 

The Angels are Among Us 
Meg Ryan and Nicolas Cage star in ICity of Angels ) 

City of Angels 
*** Starring: Nicolas Cage, Meg Ryan. Den· 
nis Franz. Andre Braugher. Calm Feore. 
Robin Bartlett and Joanna Merlin. 

By Scott Yager 
Co-Hiatus Editor 

The balan<.:c between heaven 
and ean h comes to li fe in Regency 

~nt erpri ses ' new film "City of 
Angels," starring Meg Ryan and 
Nicolas Cage. 

"City of Angels" portrays 
angels as mys teri ous figure s 
dressed in black that roam the 
Ea rth , li stening to people 's 
thoughts, ce lebrating their li ves 
and deaths and comfort ing those in 
need. However. they arc not human 
- they have no sense of fee ling 
and they cannot be seen hy 
humans. 

Cage stars as Seth . :1 reslless 
ange l on duty in Los Angeles who 
em;ou nlers Dr. Magg ie Rice 
(Ryan), a strong-wi lied hearl su r-
geon. Maggie's sense of cont rol is 

sh'lken when she loses as man dur-
ing surgery for no apparenl reason. 
Seth, who is Ihcre for the dy ing 
man, is drawn to her and wants to 
ease her p:tin. 

Seth fall s in love with Maggie 
and longs to cx pcricncc the sensory 
world. Despite the ri sks. Seth lakes 
the unu~ ual step of making himself 
visihle 10 Maggie, who i~ intrigucd 
by his 'Iir of mystery. 
" As thei r passion increases, Mag-
gi.: beg ins to ques ti on the pragm<ll-
ic aspects of her relationship with a 
man who challenges hcr belid"s 
about Ihe place of fai lh in her life. 
Seth he<.:omes increas ingly fruSlrat-
ed wilh bei ng partially human and 
wants to share Maggie's life so 
hadly thai he considers the uhimatc 
sacrillee - falling from hcaven to 
hecomc a human being - giving 
up immonality for the harsh reality 
of life. 

"City of Angels" presents an 
interesting image of thc presem;e of 
ce lestial heings on earth and exam-
ines thc question ' of who has con-

lro l in Ihe uni ve rse. The screenplay, 
hy Dana Slevens. is bascd on Wim 
Wcnders' highly acclai med 19S7 
German film , "Wings of Des ire." 
The imagery of hundreds of black-
clad fi gurcs walching over the city. 
atop high perches and standing al 
the sides of unknowing ci ti zcns is 
powerful and strange ly comfo"ing. 

Cagc is convin..:ing as Seth. por-
lrayi ng him as hOl h stoic and tm-
tured . He adcqualely captu res the 
awk wardness and wo ndermcnt 
Scth feels when he makes himself 
visible to Maggie and must ex peri-
ence Ihe human world in <I com-
pletcly different way than he is 
accustomed 10 . 

Ryan delivers a good perfor-
mance as Maggie, but il seems as 
though she has been Iypecasl as a 
romance-drama IIxlUre. She plays 
Maggie wel l, however, showing 
her as pragmatic one moment and 
vulnerable the next. as she is torn 
hetween common sense and an 
indescri hahle passion for a Illysteri -

See ANGELS, Page 10 

Pl. LOMA 
TAN' lESS 3185 Midwoy Dfi,. 

&.~i"d lARGIi 
22'.9121 

HIATUS 9 

Th~r~ is som~ qu~stion 
as to wh~r~ pizza was inv~nt~d. 

Th~r~ is no qu~stion 
as to wh~r~ it was r~inv~nt~d. 

La lolla Villaqf Squarf 
3363 Nobfl Drivf at 1-S 

(619) 457-4ZZZ 

imV7.8/98 oml'-In or Tab-Out 

10% Off 

CONGRATULATIONS 
To Tri-Delta's 

Newest Members! 
"Outstanding n7usician. " 

- Rov; Shankar 
All yso n Scot t 
Sa ra Baxt er 

Meli ssa Aguirre 
Kare n Oberman 

Iren e Chen 
Na ta li e Andrad e 
Amber Boe rman 

Jaime Bardo 
Juli et Wa lk er 

Anneliese Bloss 
Jul ia Carter 

Joann e Pavao 

. =11 .4 • !."&fi I ~~: '. 
The Spot 

FEATURiNG TABLA PLAYER, ARUP CHATTERJEE 
Kortik Seshordri ployed his first mojor Sitor recital at the oge of six 
ond was immediote~ recognized 05 0 child prodigy by critics ond 
prominont musicions in Indio. A formal disciple of Pondit Rovi 

Shankar his troining wos steeped in the distinctive and pure styles of 
the Senio ond Dhrupod tradition and he is considered one of the finest 

representatives of Indion (Iossicol music todoy. 
April 19 • Sunday • Ipm • Mandeville Auditorium 

6.A. $16 flClllylS1lff. StCit_ $14 • St. $12 
UCSD 80. Office: 619·534·6467 
visit our weblite 0 lHIO.ucld.edu 



IO HIATUS The UCSD Guardian 

(a 4-course Fondue restaurant) 

IIdip it, dunk it, ... DUE IT/" 
LA JOLLA'S NEWEST LITTLE SWEET SPOT 

II tltreeJ cooke{} in tl L I 'L. b I .. brotb N. e neall,,,!! vegeta I£, 
FEATURING 

Cheese Appetizers: cheddar, Swiss & 
variations (prepared tableside) 

House or Caesar Salads 
MAIN ENTREE 
~ nder Filet Mignon, Marinated Teriyaki 

irloin, Boneless Skinless Chicken Breast, 
Succulent Shrimp, Salmon, Stuffed 
Mushroom Caps and assorted Fre h 
Vegetables 

Heav nly Chocolate Fondue 
De ert: Milk or W hite Chocolate 

~-----------------------

664~PI'A B . 1 ¥'6n"*~ uy , 
get 1 FREE 

entree 
with this coupon, 

I coupon per table. 

UColne in/or SOlnething Oli) thatd SOfnethin.'lNew/" 
1 295 PROSPECT STREET • SUITE 201 • DOWNTOWN LA JOLLA (619)551 -4509 

Thursday, Apri l 16, 1998 

BLIND: 
TG features Third 
Eye Blind 
Continued from page 8 
Beach . When lames had to cancel , 
3EB found themselves headlining 
their ow'n show. 

" How', it Going to Be," 3EB's 
most recent si ngle. is currently 
ranked o. 20 on Bill/mard's mod-
em-rock chart. A touching hallad , it 
deals with the pain of a hn:ak-up. 
Other song' from Third Eye Blilld 
add ress other heavy subject mat -
ters, such a, "Motorcycle Dri ve-
by," " Burning Man" and .. ar-
co lepsy." Similarl y, "Jumper" i~ a 
swan song to ,I boy considering sui -
cide. 

Third Eye Blind 's recent wave 
of success is nothing to grieve over, 
however. The foursome found it se ll' 
making a guest-appearam:e on 
MTV's mos t recent incarnation of 
"Road Rules ," assigning the 
show 's cast of six the task of pro-
ducing a PSA video to the sound-
track of "Jumper." 

The band is also adding a remix 
of "Graduate" to the soundtrack of 
th e upcoming lilm "Can' t Hardl y 
Wait ," which opens on June 12 
and stars 1cnnifer Love Hewitt , 
Jenna Elfman and Ethan Embry. 
Third Eye Blind wi ll be in selw 
company among acts that indude 
Busta Rhym es, Smash Mouth , 
Run DMC and Missy "Misde-
mea nor" Elliott. 

With thi s impressive reSUllle, 
3EB reign as one of the most suc-
cessful pop bands on the charts. 

"I don 't really like the term 
'pop, '" 1cnkins told Details in Sep-
tember. " It gets interprt:ted as di s-
Illissable." 

Pop or not, it would be diflil.:ult 
to dismiss Third Eye Blind . 

ANGELS: 
Heaven and earth 
meet in new film 
Continued from page 9 
ous stranger. 

Denn is Franz ("NYPD Blue") 
oilers co mic relief as Na thaniel 
Messinger, a patient of Maggie 's 
who knows Seth's secret. Franz's 
comical cha racter I ightens the 
mood of wha t could otherwise he a 
solemn ·fi lm. 

The storyline is somewhat pre-
dictable, whil.:h detracts from the 
overa ll strength of the film . 
Though Cage and Ryan ex hihit 
great chemistry, a few more well-
concealed plot twists wou ld have 
made "City of Angels" more grip-
ping. The twists at the end of th e 
film , while moving, really come as 
no surprise. 

"City of Ange ls" is playing in 
thealers throughout San Diego. 

hPPLY To BE 

THE NEXT 

EDITOR OF HIATUS 

534.6583 

IT COULD BE You 

lllUrsday, April 16. 1998 The UCSD Guardian HIATUS II 

u ( S D EVE M T S 
Ededic Entertainment at Mandevile Auditorium 

tudent di counts make it easy to take advantage of music performances this spring quarter 
By Ilona Fass 
Co-Hiatus Editor 

It 's 7 p.m. nn Saturdll) . You' re 
tired of l'rat parties and stupid 
movies . You want to do something 
fun , exciting and ... dillerenl. You 
don't wa nt tll do TJ - hl',t timc 
you got food poisoning from the 
taw that looked finc and ta,t ed het-
ter. 

Well. you don' t have to look too 
far, cross any borders or wind up in 
a hospital to have fun . All you have 
to do i~ show up at the same plal.:l: 
you do all week - ca mpus. 

UCSD University Events brings 
ex traordinary and most important-
ly, unique shows from all over the 
world . This quarter nffers every-
thing from modern dance and jal.l. 
to dassi l.: al Ind ian mu sic and Bali -
nese dance. 

T he following i, a list of 
upcoming perforniances and their 
descriptions in the hopes that you' ll 
find something morc interesting 
than the usual din ncr-and-a-movie 
prescription for the Sa turday·night 
blahs. 
Stephen Petronio ' Co. 
Modern Dance of New York 

The Stephen Petronio Company 
is one or the most innovative and 
ta lented compani es of its genera-
tion. Critics across the United 
States and Canada , Europe and 
South America have acclaimed 
Petronio 's ril:hly textured, ground-

hreaking work~ for their invention 
and force. Petronio ha ' remained 
Ii xed on the deve lopment of a strik-
ingl y uniqul: language, a phy~ical 
,ty le that resonat es the cultural 
ll1oll1ent in which il is created . 

The Stephen Petronio oll1pany 
wa, fllLlnlil!d in 1984. Since then , it 
hu, heen uwankd gran ts from the 
lational Endowment for the Arts 

and the lew York State Counci l on 
the Arts . 

Sill., April 18 aI 8 1!.111 aI Mall -
deville AlldiroriLlIll. Gl'lleral adlllis-
.I'ion $20 . .1'/11(/1'111.1' $ I 6. 
Kartik Seshadri, Classical 
Indian Sitar Music 

Hai led as one of t h' fi nest rep-
resentatives of Indian classica l 
music toda y, Kartik Seshadri 
played hi s first. major si tar recital at 
the age of 6 and was immediately 
recognized as a child prodigy by 
critics and other prominent musi-
cians in India. 

"When he played thi s Ruga, the 
audience was almost on the verge 
of tearful acknowledgment of Kar-
tik 's ge nius," the Deccan Chmllicie 
reported. 

Sitar master Ravi Shankar says 
"the system ' or Indian classil.:ul 
music known as Raga Sallgeel can 
be traced hack nearly 2,000 years 
to its origin in the Vedic hymns of 
Hindu temples . Unlike Western 
classical music, as much as 90 per-
cent of Indian music may be impro-

Eye Allergies? 
••••• ••••• .~ .. ~. 

Courtesy of Ihe University Events Office/Thomas Hoebbel 
Out There: The unusual Second Hand Dance ensemb:e performs a comical routine using their ' 
bodies, outrageous costumes and an odd assortment of props . 
vised, depending on the arti stic which all Raga.\' arc based. The Gamelan Sekar Jaya! 
faci lity and creative imagInation uf suhtle difference in the order of BaHnesa Music and Dance 
the performer. notes. an omission of a dissonant 

"Our musica l tradition is an oral note, an emphasis on a particular 
one taught directly to the student note and the usc of microtones and 
hy hi s guru rather than hy lhe sys- other effecls, all di st inguish one 
tem of wri tten not ation used in the raga from the other." 

"Ravishment . not instru(;t ion, 
is the point of lh is cross-cultural 
fu sion of classical Soulh Indian 
dan(;e and Balinese gamelan 
music and dance," said Steven 

wesl ," Shankar says. S,III., April 19 ()f 8 11.//1. at Mall - Winn of lhe Sail rrallcisco Citron· 
"The very heart of Indian music deville Audiwrium. General ud",i.\·- icie. 

is the Raga, the melodic form upon simI $16, .l'fIlilell1s $ 12. See EVENTS, Page 13 

GAOUNDBREAKING DANCE 
FROM NEW YORK! 

tephen Petronio Co . 
Scripps Clinic, Division of Opthamology is conducting a research study for 
itchy, watery eyes. Participants must be: World Premiere Tour of 

• 18 years of age or older 
• Allergic to cats, weeds or grass 

Participants need not be experiencing symptoms now. 
Qualified volunteers will be paid. 

Call the Study Coordinator, at 619 554-9604. 

~ SCRIPPS CLINIC 
CO/'/IIg /O/' SUII OleRO Sinc" 19!-I 

Are you ready to take 
your graduate school 
admissions tests? 

Qrili:: The Princeton 
Review offers you: 

• Great Instructors 

• Small Classes 

• Pcrsonal Attention 

• Free Extra Hclp 

• All T ,j"c I nstfllctjon 
(no tapcs Of vidcos) 

GET AN EDGE. 

,~ 
619-558-0500 

1-800-2-REVIEW 
Course Starts 

LSAT - APRIL 25th 
GRE - APRn. 26th 
GMAT - MAY 2nd 

NOTG~D~N 
\ 

AprillB 
Saturday • 8pm 
UCSD Mandeville Aud. 
G.A. $20 • Sr.Cit. $18 
Students $16 
UCSD Sox Office 
(619)534-6467 
visit our website @ ueo.ucsd.edu 

TIOClii¥ ~v.I.57E'~ 
1tOI,Ij)OHS'''''oII'' I ILOC ... IU1fflll: ""USI<: 

WMClttttOuM. I lowtlt l , .... nOftts 
«01.1.1011 "" ttlllnt·lIJ.1 ~"_0II_11OfII .... ____ _ 



' ,. 

12 HIATUS 

'It'dil'al 'II> & \'rtt'rinar~ Programs 
Hope Medical Institute (HM I) is currently accepting appl ications for 
September/October 1998 semesters from committed tudents. If you are: 
• College graduale with pre-med background 
• CoIle~e graduale without pre·mt'd background 
• 2.year college graduate with c'lncentration in science courses 
• High school graduate who wants to become a M.D. or D.V.M. 

The next semester starts Septemher/October 1998 at various affiliated 
institutions in Europe. Courses are conducted in the English language. 
The institu tions and programs arc well recognized by the World Health 
Organization and American Medical and VClerinary Exam Boards. 

HMI will help committed siudents in securing needed fi nancing for their 
higher education. Due to very limiled time and avai labi lity of space, appl y 
immediately if you think you have what it takes to be a good physician or 
veterinarian. Call for further in formation at: 

HOPE MEDICAL I NSTITUTE 
753 Thimble Shoals Blvd., Bldg. 2B, Newport News, VA 23606·3575 

PHONE: (757) 873-3333 FAX: (757) 873-6661 

The UCS D Guardi an Thursday, April 16, 1998 

VI E E K l y ( l E .M o R 

San Diego PrelRiere! Courtesy of Fat Wreck Chords/Brian Archer Nameless?: No Use For A Name will headline a show at SOMA Saturday night, with openers Strung 
Out, Pivit, Dogwood and Gim p. The s how begins at 7:30 p.m. 

Kini & Adams 
Consld."'ed '0 be one of 'he TnOS' ITnporlc"n' 

AFrlcon FllTns of 'he decode, -Klnl & AdoTns " ls 
'he s'ory of '_0 Friends .,.,ho 'ry '0 'urn ,heir 

lives around by repairing on olel, ..,reelced cor.. 

IImIl FIllIsMIiIIHl • 1111 
DlIICIM~ 

IftuD .... 

April 21 
-...., .. ,. 
UCSI ...... nIIl. 
............ 

....... 54 • U. $I • UCSD .. Office [111]534-1417 
wiIIt_ ............... ... 

Ma~.~~~~"'~~~~ 

!~6ay 
Dar Williams and Ron 
Sexsmlth will perform at 
the Belly Up Tavern at 8 
p.m. Call 481·8140 for 
more information . 

Adrian Lagg and Gregory 
Page will perform at Java 
Joe's at 8 :30 p.m. Call 
523·0356 for more 
information. 

Steve Lucky and The 
Rhumba Bums will perform 
at Buffalo Joe's at 9 p.m. 
Call 236-1616 for more 
information . 

Tomorrow 
Apri/17 
Lucy's Fur Coat will 
perform at Schooners at 8 
p.m. Call 973-9269 for · 
more information. 

The 0' Jays and Surrender 
will perform at 4th & B at 8 
p.m. Call 231·4343 for 
more information. 

King Diamond will perfor"m 
at 'Canes at 8 p.m. Call 

}q}. 

488-1780 for more 
informat ion. 

Sahrday 
April 18 
The Skeleton .. , Buckfast 
Superbee, Outside Inn 
and Tom, Dick and Harry 
will perform at Brick By 
Brick at 8 p.m. Call 275· 
5483 for more information . 

The Buddy Blue Show, 
Randy Rich • The 
Poorboys and Russell 
Scott. His Redhots 
perform at the Casbah at 
8:30 p.m. Call 232-4355 
for more information . 

Lisa Sanders and 
Bugguts will perform at 
Java Joe 's at 9 p.m. Call 
523-0356 for more 
information. 

No U .. For A Name, 
Strung Out, Dogwood, 
Plvit and Glmp will 
perform at SOMA at 7:30 
p.m. Call 239-S0MA for 
more information. 

Morcheeba will perform at 
'Canes at 8 p.m. Call 488-
1780 for more information. 

muIRJS1C? 

Think These Pieces Can't Fit Together? 

ration for 
prepa_.a SchOO'S TopClr-. u, Wor\( Me.nln atlon In £duc 
~~r-~ 

For more /nlomurt/on contsct Score, 
• Im/t qf tile W_hIfIIton Post Co.: 

1-80049-SCORt 

"My three years at Score provided me with 
the perfect training ground for business 
school. I couldn't have asked 
for a better opportunity. .. 
Ben Bes/ey, Harvard Business School '99 

Think again. 
Apply to Score. 

. It's a perfect fit. 
Information Session: Tuesday, April 21 , Univers ity Center 

Room lilA, 5-7 PM 
Resume Drop Deadline: Wednesday, April 22 

UCSD Career Center 
On-Campus Interviews: Monday and Tuesday, May 4- 5 

UCSD Career Center 
L ____ ~~~~~--------------------~"~"~W.=·SC==M~.=.:~~::.n~.~com~~~::;;~;;;;::~::::::::~~~~~~;;~~~:J 

• .. • .. .. • .. .. 1 f , j 

Bonnie Raitt and Keb 'Mo 
will perform at the Copley 
Symphony Hal l at 8 p.m. 
Call 220-TIXS for more 
information. 

Cindy Lee Berryhill and 
The Garage Orchestra will 
perform at Java Joe 's at 9 
p.m. Call 523-0356 for 
more information. 

Stevie Salas and 
Colorcocle, Uquld Groove 
and Soli will perform at the 
Belly Up Tavern at 9 :15 
p.m. Call 481·8140 for 
more information. 

Blood on the Dance 
Floor, The Woggles, The 
Loons, Overdrive and 
Mach 5 will perform at the 
Casbah at 8:30 p.m. Call 
232-4355 for more 
information. 

~ay 
Mephiskapheles, G-Spot, 
Skanic, The Upbeat, East 
76 and Mayhem will 
perform at the Showcase 
Theatre at 7:30 p.m. Call 
683-9397 for more 
information. 

Flautaal 
rio Leo's 

$1 OFF MY 
COMBOI 

Rns 

$15 OFF 
SHOESI 

Utban Athl.t. 

Thursday. April 16. 1998 

l 

GangStarr 
Moment of Truth 

Vl' .... _ ... 

-

**** 

B 

To most it seemed th at 
GangStarr were gone forever. 
While DJ Premier has been husy . 
the last few years producing hit 
tra,ks for many rap artists SUdl as 
Jay-Z, Nas and the late Notorious 
B.I.G., the rapping half of one of 
hip-hop' s longes t-standing duos. 
GURU, was busy concoc ting his 
JaWllawz::. with a variety of musi · 
cians. 

GangSlarr have been estab-
lished for a long time, and their 
Ii ft h album. MOllle1l1 of Tmlil , is a 
testament to that longevi ty. For the 
most part, the duo maintains Ihe 

EVENTS: 
Musical trash and 
other bizarre props 
Continued from page 11 

Gamelan Sckar Jaya is a 35-
memher enscmhle of Ameri can 
musidans and dancers dedicated to 
the study and performance of Bal i-
nese music and dance. This orches· 
tra of bronze metallophones. tuned 
gongs, drums and nutes performs 
the intril:alely-patterned, interlock· 
ing music for which Bal i is well 
kno wn. 

Working without nmation, the 
musicians learn the ind iv idual lay-
ers of melody, a complex contigu-
ration directl y from Balinese musi· 
cians. The music is then rehearsed 
to a goal of the highest level of 
rhythmic prec ision and ensemble 
unity. It is also closely synchro-

---., 
HAIR I r-----I DESIGN l 

7DAVS 

UTe 
ACloss flom Mann Theaters 455-0420 

Del Mal Highlands 792 .. 131 
Clalremont Towne Square 274-2600 

Mill ion Valley Centel 293-3355 
Horton Plaza 239-2363 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I Parkway Plaza 440-4488 I MUSI present coupon. .. 
.. ---------

The UCSD Guardian 

u M R E V· I E VI 
stro ng, funky repeated hooks and Hi ghlight s indude guest 
complex wordplay that have made appearances by Inspel:tah Deck 
GangSlarr a fundamental element and Scarface. The tracks "You 
in the East-Coast school of rap . Know My Steez" and ·'Work." 

GU RU remains stree t con- which are classics that demonstrate 
sdous. backed by a polit ica l agen· complete control over the formal. 
da and a comm itmt! nt to "set are also included. A hrief R&B 
crooked rap straight." Ever ve rsa- excursion with K-Ci and JoJo is a 
til e. he hounces easi ly th rough a miswkc. 
variety of top ics, including fashion. GungStarr are nut hreaking any 
love and the fact that in hi s eyes he new ground in the di verse rap 
is the hest rapper on Earth . MOlll elll world of 199M. but are rather re-
of Trulh is li ll ed with the strength treading old territory. Huwever, if 
and braggadocio that is at the heart • you ' rc looking for a solid new 
of rap . album rooted in the fundamentals 

A good song mi xed by Premier of rap, th is alhum is well worth a 
is like a jewel. However, jewels look. 
also have value because they are - Kevin Mclaughlin 
rare, which is one of the shortcol11-
ings of this album. While most of 
the heats are solid, Premier occa-
sionall y lapses into monotonous 
beats that may be too simple to 
kecp the ave rage listener tuned in . 
Make no mistake, this album reeks 
of New York. The heats are sparse 
hut funky, and the raps are very 
menta I, often te ll i ng stories, with 
innova ti ve rhyme that deserve your 
attent ion. 

ni zed with danl:e forms of equal 
lkpth and sophi sticat ion. 

Sar., Apr;! 25 at <'I p.lII. III 
Mwull'v ;III' illllliw/';IIIII . Gel/ I'm! 
atill/;ss;oll $16 , .l'IIlllelll.\· $12. 
Marcus Roberts/Jazz, Blues 
& Swing 

Bl ind si nce the age of 5, 
Robert s' first experi ence with 
musil: was in the local church 
where hi s mother was a gospel 
singer. At the age of 12 he hegan 
formal training and continued until 
he was 19. In 19M2 he won the 
young arti st's competition at the 
National Assoc iation of Jazz Edu-
cators annual convention, where he 
was introduced to Ellis and Wynton 
Marsalis. 

"Since I started playing the 
piano," Roherts said . '" have loved 
playing the blues. For me, it 's as 
essel1lialto my artisti c ex istence as 
air or water." 

_RIIIN~S_ 
Excellent 
Good 
Fair 
Weak 
Poor 

***** 
**** 
*** 
**. 
.. 

SIII/ .. May J III 8 fUll. al Mm /-
dev;1I1' A,u!iwr; /II II. Gel/ l'l'lll adlll;.\' -
s;on $16, .I' I/I(!I'I/ /.I $ 12. 
Second Hand 
Dance/Comedic Modern 
Dance and Acrobatics 

Thi s modl.! l'n danl:e creates ncw 
work thro ugh a series of improv i-
sa t iona l games based on the 
awareness of anu trust in each 
other's abilit ies . Danccrs use their 
hodies and an odd assortment of 
costumes and props including cut· 
ting hoards. popcorn poppers, 
fl ashlight s, Velcro hats and veg-
etables . 

Dumpsters, thri ft shops and 
garage sales became sources of 
in spirat ion for new dancl.!s and 
reinforce the company's strong. 
belief in recycling. 

f"r; .. May 8 al 8 p.lII. III Mal/ -
deville AII";III /, ;//III . GellC' ral adlll;.\' -
s;on $20, .I' llI dC'l/f.\· $16 

occupational or Physical Therapy-
Your Career Choice 

Information Reception in San Diego! 
Saturday, April 18th, 5:45 PM ~ 6:45.PM . 

The Univers ity of St. Augustine for Health SCiences IS hosting 
an Information Reception on April 18th, in San Diego . J oin us 
to learn more about our first professional Mas te r of Occupationa l 
and Physical Therapy degree programs. All interes ted pa rties 
a re welcome to attend. 

RSVP with Linda Carlucci at 1-800-241-1027! ' 
Reception Site: Radisson Hotel San Diego 

1433 Camino del Rio South • San Diego, Californ ia· (619) 260·0111 
UNIVERSITY OF ST. AUGUSTINE 

fOR Hf/\lfH \CIINCl~ 

The University is located on Florida's northeast coast and 
the intracoastal waterway in historic St. Augustine, Florida. 

WEB SITE: www.usa.edu E·MAIL: illjo@usa.edu 

HIATUS 13 

............... -

A small group of vKationen bu ve inclement 

wHther to stay at the newty renovated 8&:8, 

MonkiWell Manor. Trapped.on a remote esli:te 

with a hom icidal maniac, the gue5U must play 

cal.and·mouse with the murderer in their midst. 

mll"s"", III 
IIIIbI Christie 
..c .... 
l ••• B.rn 
....... 
leu'IGrIIII_ActIn 

.. ... , 
•• I11III. WIlli F .. ... 

l1li22-II1II21 
.B __ ... 

sl •••••• ts'III ... 54 ..... 
.. 1IcDII C1153U5l4 

UTIFUL SMILES MADE HERE 

• White Fillings, Porcelain Crowns & 
Veneers, Bonding 

• Teeth Whitening, Safe & Effective 
• Straighten Teeth with Clear 

BraceslRetalners 
• Oral Surgery, Root Canal Therapy, 

Periodontal Care 
• 24 Hour Emergency Care 
• Complimentary Cosmetic Video 

Imaging 
• OenIallmplants to Replace: Missing 

Teeth, Loose Fitting Partials and 
Dentures (FDA Approved) 

• Ask US about No Drills & No Needles!! 

f':i<.rlllIiii. -I 00 7~~~51~~~~:: 
--.. ------------. COMPLIMENTARY CO'smetic &: 

Orthodon· valuation: 
$125 value 

--- ______ 1 

Universily- or 6an 
• Experienced Faculty 
• Lecture Courses 
• In-Class Prac~ice Exams 
• You Score in Top 25% or 

Take Next Course Free 

Tes t Preparation Courses 
Serra lIal1 3 16, Alcal a Park , 

A 



14 HIATUS 

1 ~ ~~Ja 
> Nobel 

Tes ISO VIPs ASAP 
For us, it's personal. 

You: 

Us: 

A real "morning person" 
You want a part·time commitment with full·time respect 
Are energetic, creative and love to learn 
A little bit compulsive (ok, a lot compulsive!) 

A fast·paced, high energy environment 
Real team players, all wtth the same high standards 
Great pay! Starting at $101hour. Lots of training 
40% discount on our neat stuff 

If you fit this profile, we could hal/8 8 match for you on our 
Y"".WlspWy JHm! 

No experience necessary· only lots of energy, a great attitude and an 
eye for detail and design . Three momings a week, you'll be in earty 
and out by noon; work in a fast-paced , energetic environment with 
other team players. We attract only the best people and offer them 
exceptional training, great pay (starting at $10/hour!), and a 40% 
discount. . 

Now hiring for our new San Diego location 
(across from Fashion Valley) 

Please fax or mall your resume to: 
Recruitment Manager, 

2000 Valwood Pkwy., Dallas, TX 75234, 
Fax: (800) 443-1264. 

www.containerstore.com 

.,;t:X+f.,;t6i i;tYlit.,:·. 
The Container Store promotes a smoke·free. drug·free environment. EOE. 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, April 16, 1998 

M o V· E R E -V E tV 

Courtesy of Gramercy Pictures 
Back In Town: Edward Burns and Lauren Holly s tar as Charlie and Claudia in "No Looking Back," 
wh ich B'Jrns also wrote and directed . 

Don't Give it Another Look 
'No Looking Back ) is a disappointment 

No Looking Back 
** Slarrrng: Edward Burn s. Lauren Holly. 
Jon Bon JOVI. Connie Brit ton. Blythe 
Danner and NICk Sandow. 

By Scott Yager 
CO·Hiatus Editor 

Writ.:r/direc tor/actnr Edward 
Burn, examincs Ihe importancc of 
choo, ing the right path in li fe in 
Gramcrcy Pit:tur.:,· "No Looking 
Back." nfnrtunat cly, thc film , 
which , ta" Laurcn Holl y. Edward 
Burn\ and Jon Bon Jovi.· , ul fc" 
from poorly de VI! loped character, 
and a IIIl:andcring ,tory lim:. 

Thc plot ccnta, around Claudia 
(Holly). a 28·yea r-old wailr.:,s who 
has been slUck in hcr slllall hOll1c-
town h.:r enlirc lili: . H.:r Iili.: i, 
comfortahle hut unexciting - , hc 
wait , tables at th .: local di ncr and 
h.:r rclation, hip wi th her liv.:-in 
hoyfri cnd Mic hae l (Bon Jovi) ha, 
hecnmc rou li ne . Tit \.: Iwo an: 
engaged, although not ofilcia ll y. 

Claudia\ li k i~ ~ ha".: n up a hit 
whcn her old hoy fr i<: nd Charl it: 
(Burn,) (; OJne~ hack into he r life. 

harli e is a dri ft er. tlt t: one who 
managed to c\t:;lpe ill \t:arch of a 
more cxt:i till g li k . Though Claudia 
i, up,el \I itll harl ie lor dcs.: rt ing 

hcr y.:ar~ ago, hi s reapp.:aram;c 
makcs her qucstion th.: choices shc 
has maue in h.:r life and , ultima!\!-
Iy, ,h.: IIlU,t lIlak.: a choice hctwc.:n 
pas,ion and stahility. 

Burns i, on.: of a growing num-
he r of "hyph'::Jlat.:s" in Holl ywood 
- indi viduab who ar.: rcsponsihlc 
for mor.: than one aspect of a tilm 
projec t. Oth.:r notahk hyphenates 
induu.: Woody AII .:n, K.:vin Smith 
and recent Academy Awa rd-win-
n.:r\ Malt Dalllon anu B.:n Arn.:ck. 
Burns has wrill .:n, direc ted and 
, tarr.:u in each 01 hi, three films, all 
of whi ch captur.: thc fc<!l ing of the 

~ma ll · (()wn working cia" . 
Burn, wa, catapulted intn star-

dOIll in 1<)95 wi th his fir, t film . 
"The Brothe r, McMullcn." It pr.:-
l11iacd al the SUlldalll;': Film F.:s ti -
val and r.:ceiwd th.: Grand Jury 
pri/ ': . BlIIn s followed up wi th 
"S he" Till: Onc:' a ro mantic CO Ill -
.:uy that he , Iarr.:d in along,iue 
'al1l.:ron Dial and knnikr Ani,-

ton. 
In .. 0 Look ing Back," Burn, 

dnes a fine joh of pr.:sc nting th.: 
, mall -lOwn worki ng-cia" .:nviron-
ment - the tonc\ are co ld and 
gray . .:veryhody drive, (J lu ca" and 
the main M)Cla l lil e of the town 
revolve, around ge tt ing logethcr at 

th.: lucal bar, knocking back a few 
bcers and gossiping abou t cveryone 
else in the town . 

The charactcrs in "No Looking 
Back" suffcr frolll chronic underde· 
v.:lopmcnt . part icularly th.: two 
main unes. Though Burns. Holly 
and Bon J ovi deli ve l' dcc.:nt pcrfor-
l11anc.:s. Ihe Ilatness and shallow· 
ncss of thcir charact.:r, do not allow 
Iheir talents to totally shine th rough. 

An all cl11pt is made at the end of 
the rilmto spice up Ihe character, a 
hit , hut hy that point th.:re is v.:ry 
little 10 make the audiencc fe.:1 for 
allY o f thcm. 

Th.: ' Iory linc also contrihutes to 
th.: film 's ovcrall lal.:k of effect. 
The cvenh ar.: prcdi l.: tahlc. y.:t it 
takl:s awhile for the lilm to g.:t 
from point to point. Bu rns th row, 
in a surpri,e twi,t at th.: .: nd 01 the 
fi lm, hUI it i, nol enough to I.:cap· 
tllf': the audi.:nce's inlere,\. 

Overa ll , lans of Burns' earll.:r 
works Will h.: disappo int .:d. The 
t.:n\ lon and n.: i:ttion, hips hetwcen 
characters that powered hi s pr.:v i-

() u ~ fi I illS arc nowher.: to h.: found 
in "No Looking Bat:k," and th.: 
, till y i, not , trung enough 10 I.:arry 
lht: load. 

.. 0 Looking Bac k" ' is pl ay ing 
in Ih.::t ta, th roughout San Diq!O. 

Call your mom. Tell everyone 
you're calling your girL 

1-800-COLLECT ® 
I, .1. t . 

• • 
• ;4 ,,t 

• •• , , .. .", 
, " 

~ t' •• tIl '.,; . , "; . , 

• • , I 

, . , 'I 1 • t t • , I t I I ,-

Thursday, April 16, 1998 The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 15 

UCSD Sports Clubs 
PLAYOFF PREVIEW 

UCSD's club sport teams are making an 
impressive showing this season and with the 
monlh of April coming 10 a close, many find 
themselves on the road to the playoffs. 

The Equestrian team is sending three rid-
ers to New Hope Farms, N.J. on May I to 
compete in the National Competition. 
Anneliese Kannow, Jennifer Wilson and 
Laura Barraclough will be going to Nationals 
for the lirst time aboard Continental Airlines 
,which sponsors the .team and is supplying 
tickets 10 New York free of charge. 

The Men's Lacrosse team beat San Diego 
State University last weekend to qualify for 
the Final Four Regionals on April 24-26 at 
University of Ihe Pacific in Stockton. The top 
qualifying teams at UOP will advance to the 
NIRSA Nationals on May 1-3 at UC Santa 
Barbara. 

The Cycling team, currently ranking NO.5 
overall, travels to Stanford on April 24 in 
hopes of strengthening its ranking. Should it 
finish in the lOp 12, and the team is planning 
on it , it will qualify for the Con fercncc 
Championships hosted hy SDSU. May 2-l 
The top six tcams from SDSU fl y to 
Grcenvillc, S.C. to compete in the National 
Championships among 160 other schuols. 
Plans are already heing made for the May 16-
17 trip to Gr.:cnville. 

The Women's Lacrosse leam, t:Urrently 
tied for Ihird plal.:c, is off to the National Try-
outs today. Should it succeed in winning two 
playoff gam.:s. it will advance to thc Final 
Four tournament hostcd hy ours truly, UCSD 
(See story at ri ght ). 

The Rugby team is toughcning up for thc 
slart of the semili nals this weekend as it faces 
OCl.:idcntal College herc at I p.m. The South-
ern California champion travds to Alhany, 
N. Y. on May I for the National Champi-
onships. 

The Men~s Ultimate squad, currenlly 
ranked No.5 in the nation, hosts thc South-
west College Sectionals at RIMAC Field on 
April 18. The top two fini shcrs advance to 
regionals hostcd by UC Santa Barbara on 
May 9- 10. 

The Women's Itimate squad just logged 
a first· plal.:e fini sh at the Soulhwest Collegc 
Seclionals last weekend . It travels 10 UC 
Santa Cruz on May 9-10 for the Rcgionals 
wherc it will w mpcte against the top 12 teams 
in the Westcrn United States and Canada. 
Nationals will b.: hcld in Minncsota. 

- Charles levinson 

.. -------

WOMEN'S 
LACROSSE 

WARNING: Stick wielders across the 
nation bcware, the UCSD women's lacrosse 
team seems to have hit its stride. 

Team captain Marissa Bell noti .:cd thatthc 
team rca lly seemed to ge l after the Western 
States Toumament in Stanford a couple of 
weeks ago. Bell had lofty praise for hcr team-
mates after that weekcnd. 

''Thi s weekend the UCSD athlete ' bccame 
lacrosse play.:rs," she said. "The t.:am came 
logethl!r and stepped it up in an unprecedenl -
ed manner." 

UCSD proved that it could back its words 
as it took to the road on Saturday and came 
away with a 7-3 victory at Cal Poly San Luis 
Ohispo. 

In yes terday 'S ac tion, UCSD stopped 
Whittier Co llege, 14-9. 

The wi ns have put the ladi es in primc posi -
tion to land a spot in the Final Four Cham pi-

onship~, May 2-3 herc in La Jolla. 
Come out and s.:.: the lady sti t:k-wielders 

this Saturday as they face oil against perenni-
al power Claremont College. The game will 
take place at I p.m. at Pryatel Field. 

- Vlnod Thomas 

WEEKEND AHEAD 
SATURDAY, APRIL 18 

WOMEN'S LACROSSE: VS. Claremont, 
Pryatel Fie ld. 1 p.m. 

RUGBY: VS. Occidental , Warren West 
Field 

--

. -~ ­
ff -~ -

- ~ -- \~q, • ! tor\ ~p~diien '1;'~i ! 
: 45:J-7168 A rrench Oourmetlne. ramily Restaurant : 
._----------------------------

E" 
Three rolled flour IWIilllu, one stuffed w;tl, 
beef, one cIJiiJrn, .rulllM _ese, covered Iv;tIJ 
Lettucc to,,"'tlI,8'""I' ... , sour crell,", atilt 

serHII .,jlh 11M,., a"d rice 
Lundt $595 Dinner $695 

V.llcllAukh M<m .-~ri 11,1!II - , I' !II , 
If"u~AA S· 1l1l1l1cr .3 .,.m -<.1 • • Dinner m ... 'nu M.'ne .. 1 JII d.l~ \ ,11 & '\tll1 

Serving t! ... v""'r 1~r:: Coupan (!ClOd up IU 4 ,,"}d< '" I""" ,,"h ,II" ... 1 
;t1fNW E,I'''C> 4 27/9H 

Del Mar 3510 Valley C ~ n[er Dr . 350-1468 

-----------~-----------------. 

u c 5 D G I A N 
r.----------------------------. 

DOWMTOWM LA JOLLA 
at 1005 Prospect 

459-0800 • fax orders 459-0847 

~----------------------------. 

x~1IJe.~ ~ • 0U-~ 1:) r--e.a~ 
•••••••••• 

$1.00 OFF 
ANY 

COMBO 
KILLER SHRIMP BURRROS. That'!; ri~ht ... 

any combination! AWESOME FISH TACOS. 
LA JOLLA 

VILLAGE SQUARE 
Novel Drive off Highway 5 

270·FIN5 

f.',.., .. ~ 
~ Offer tJ.ptrl:!!t eMII&. "alid at U Jolta 

~ FINS ant,- Not .... 1-:1 forOrte Item ComtJo. 

~~ II n". ;'po. good for up to 2~ 
lI.iiiiiililiiii"iii"iii"·j"·."·iii"·iii"iii" iiiiiiliiiiiiiiiiiiiiilliiiiiiiiiiiliii.iiiiI' • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • 
--------.-------------------~ : ANY 
:$ SHOE 
: PURCHASE 
- Nol valid with any other discount or promotion. Exp. 4/25198. U~I3A'" 

"Best Running/Walking Store in Town" 
_ Re ... alssance Towne Centre 
_ 8915 Towne Centre .Dr. (Off La Jolla Village Dr.) 450·3662 .1IiLIH 
- NIKE • ASICS • BROOKS • NEW BAlANCE . · and much more 

.~---------------------------r----------------------------, 

HAPPY HOURS: It-8PM 
~VIH DAYS A WHK Vl Off APPETlZER1 & 

$lOO Off .All pnus 
860 Garnet Avenue. Pacific Beach. 

Tel : 2pb.grill 

<ml sO% 
Off ONE 
ENTRHIF 
DINING 
ALONE 

---{( V.d ,d 'hru Apri l ' 9S )}-- --
Buy anyone entree c. you'll get the 
second of equal or lesser value for 
free, or receive 50% off anyone 

entree, with this coupon. 

----------------------------~ 
-----------------------------. 
- UNITED STUDIOS OF SILF DEFENSE-
-II AMERICA'S SElf DEfENSE LEADER" ~Elf CONFIDENCE ' FOCUS • m~J8JUTY ' FITNESS ' ESTEEM _ 

K 
A" 
R I 
A 
T F "-
E U 

KICKBOXING 

ENROLLM T 
INCLUDII UNifORM a 

ILACK ilL' MANUAL 
e.p" •• 6/30/ 98 

619-550-0607 

-

-

-

-

-

-

-
.-

-

-

-
University city, 3202 Governor Dr. Suite 106 • (In the Marketplace near Henry's)_ 

-----------------------------



I 

16 CLASSIAEDS The UCSD Guardian 

EVE N T S 
Evolution or not? Decide for yourself. 
HearDr. Behe speak Thursday, April 
16. 7pm. Mandeville. Tickets at Price 
Center. 4/13-16) 

CLASSIFIEDS 
VENDOR VAIR: April 20-24, 9-5pm, 
Library Walk. Manufactured & 
handcrafted items. Sponsored by 
Student Organizations & Leadership 

The UCSD G ... ,dian reseIVes Ihe righl 10 classify. edit. delele oHensive words and 
phrases. and/or refuse any and all adv.nisemenll without prior notification. The Advertiser 
will not hotel the Guatdian liable for any claims r.suning Irom Ihe publica lion 01 the 
adllenisemen!. The publisher will also nol be held accountable for any claim from an 
agraement made between the aelYenisar and the consumer. 

ortunities (~OLOU4/16-20) 
Chance or Design? Make your own 
decision about evolution. Dr. Behe 
will speak April 16 Mandeville 7pm. 
Tickets .. Price Center. (4/16) 

Copy should be reviewed by the advaniser for errors. In order to be corrected in Ihe next 
ragular Issue. all errors musl be reponed by Ihe corresponding deadline. Credil will only 
be given for the Incorrect portion of the advertisement There are no relunds for cance llations. 
Pl .... sand .11 correapondence regarding CI •• alfleda to: 
UCSD Gu.rdl.n, AHn: CI ... lflecla, 8500 Gllm.n Drive '031S, L. Jolla, CA 1120113. 
ActuallllCatlon: Student C.nter A, Room 217. 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Rlise up to $500 or more in one 
week, Fundraising opportunities 
available: No financial obligation. 
Great for clubs, organizations, and 
motivated students . For more 
information call (888) 51 -A-PLUS ext. 
51. (2112-614) 

mIt • 
<.,'\\InCellor'S 

.. R c.nallenge ,~ U~ 
,"'1: Ilii 1-] Ii [1:1 

~"Q eo.p.tidoII 
UhtltlrgflldUllltI stud.n\S 

Deadline: Entries IllUSt be 
IUlllllltted b, Friday, Ma,15 

Winner to be notified by Fri. June 5 
Design is limited to front of a standard 

t-shi rt (1997 sample available). 
Color content unlimited. Entry must 

include hard copy and disk. 
COpy on shirt should Include: 
• "1998 Chancellor's Challenge" 
• 5K Run/Walk for Scholars 
• Date Oct. 23 (optional) 

Winner to be setected by comminee of staff 
and students. Winner also receives free 

entry into race, tunch with Chanceltor Robert 
Dynes and olher prizes. 

For detail. 01 entry form call 534-4211 
A. roI'. become property 01 UrWefStIY of Caktofntll . 

San IMgo 8nd ~ M UNd 11'\ COO,..'oCf1Ofl ...... tI Mtooettll'ng 
and Pfomot.ng It~ even! 

Sustlinability Symposium Attend 
a Sustainability Symposium on 
Strawbale Construction, Solar 
Cooking, Organic Gardening, April 
25th from8AM to 7PM. $1 0 Students. 
Proceeds help Habitat for Humanity 

build a strawbale house. Call Skip, 
(619) 565-2603 lor information. (4/2-16) 

l:i 1£C!iJ: I =t":m 
,.. ROUND TRIP COURIER FARES" 
ondon $285 .... Ico $150 Hong Kong $389 
China $360 Sydney $520 Bangkok $370 
"40.800 0 OFF ALL FARES" 
AIR COURIER INTERNATIONAL 

1-800-298-1230 24 hr 

Congratulations to CHRISTINA 
TSANG, 2nd yr. student at Roosevelt. 
On Sat. 4/11 she was crowned 1 st 
Princess and Most Photogenic at the 
Ms. Chula Vista Pageant. Congrats! 
(4/16) . 

EMPLOYMENT 
Off-Campus Delivery Driver. Must 
have own vehicle and proof of car 
insurance. Must be available for 3-4 
hours on Monday and 5-6 hours on 
Thursday. Familiarity with San Diego 
helplul but not required. Please call 
Ann at 619-534-6845 or stop by the 
Guardian's office located in Room 
217, Student Center above Soft 
Reserves. (4/13-20) 

NEED A JOB? 
HIRING TODAY! 

ColIIomia Co ... , PfJjob openings. We 
aIIar ~ 10 IlOl\ paItI.-ng. and 

ftexlble hr1. )obi are IIIId 01\ 0 IiJ1l come, 
first set*basIL 

Call 619·587·2829 
INTERNATIONAL EMPlOYMENT-
Teach basic conversational English 
in Southeast Asia. Excellent earnings 

is NOW hiring staff for the 
1998-99 academic'year: 

-RESIDENT ADVISOR POSITIONS 
.NEWSLETTER INTERN 

-SPECIAL PROGRAMS INTERN 
Applications available from ERe Residence Life Office. 

Due 4/24/98. Ca ll 534-2261 for more info. (Students who are 
studyi ng abroad nex t year ca n apply now for 1999-2000) 

~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ 

Lew II Stwuish - Enjoy exotic cultures - Halre fUll 
All at the same tim!'!! 

Spanish language programs in Spain, Costa Rica, Mexico, 
Argentina, P eru, Ecuador, Venezuela, Guatemala, 

Puerto Rico, and more, .. 
y A((ordable y For all ages, all Spanish 'Ievels 

.. Internship & Volunteer oplions 
Johns H opkins M dical tudyoffers cholarships to he 
applied LOwards pant h Language program in lhe channing 
lown o( Antigua In JU3Lcmala. 
• lillie effon requ ired (TOm I hc participants 
• Scholarsh ip pays (or majorily o( J week program! 

+ benefits potential. Ask us howl 
(517) 324-3122 ext. J59761 . (3/30-4/16) 
EASTERN EUROPE 
EMPlOYMENT- . Teach basic 
conversational English in Prague, 
Budapest & Krakow. Competitive 
wages + benefits. Ask us how! (517) 
336-0626 ext. K59761 . (3/30-4/16) 

"'OFFICE HELP" 
NEEDED 

Full-t. ar Rca1- time, 

NOeiperf" 
nec •• CIIY. FIcdble 

hours, We me located 

in Sorrento Valley, 
close to campus, 

can Chris at 625-8200 
or fax 452-4242 

American flortst Association 
10671 Roselle St., Suite 11100 

.... San Diego, 92121 ....It 

CAMP WAYNE.- Northeast 
Penn sylvania (6 /2 0-8/ 18/98) . 
Directors for Drama, Campingl 
Nature, Golf. Counselors for: Tennis, 
Gymnastics, Sculpture, Guitar, 
Silkscreen , Jewelry , Bat ik, 
Calligraphy, Waterski , Sailing, 
Ropes, Basketball , Softball , Self-
Defense, Aerobics, Videographer, 
Group Leader. If you love children 
and have a skill to offer call 1-800-
279-3019. On Campus interviews, 
April 16th at Career Services from 
10-4em. (3/30-4/16) 
Retire before you graduate! Learn 
about the company that best-selling 
authors, doctors, and athletes join. 
Call toll free:01-888-303-1449. (3/30-
4/16) 
$1500 weekly potent ia l mail ing our 
circulars. No Experience Required. 
Free Information packet. Call 410-
783·8279. (2/26-6/4) 
Fun Summer employment working 

London ........ .. .. ...... $689 
. Paris ....... , .. .. , ...... .. ,$782 

Frankfurt.. , .. ,., .. , ... ,$862 

Classified Line 
Ad Rates 

Students: 52 par 20 worda 
Faculty ., Staff: $3 par 20 word. 

.1 others: S4 par 20 word. 
Advance paymenl is required. 

Classified Display 
Ad Rates 

59.00 per column inch 
Deadline.: 

PubllCltiort Oil. DI •• y Ada Une Ads 
Monday 
Thuraday 

Noon Thurs. 3 pm Thufl. 
Noon Mon. 3 pm Mon. 

on water. Office Personnel, Dock 
Attendants, Youth Camp Counselors. 
Call for more information. Mission 
Ba Sportcenter 488-1004. (4/2-16) 

www.4CRS.com 
Get a job 
Free service to 

College students 

FUN SUMMER JOBS Gain valuable 
experience working with children 
outdoors. We are looking for caring 
Summer Day Camp staff whose 
summer home is in the San 
Fernando or Conejo Valley, 
Ventura, Camarillo, Malibu or Simi 
Valley . General Counselors & 
Specialists: swimming, horses, 
boating, fishing, ropes course, music, 
and more. Summer salaries range 
$2,100-$3,200+. Call 818-865-6263 
or email CampJobs@aol.com. (4/2-
5/21) 
Need extra money? Excellent pay for 
medical students or residents to write 
board-style medical review 
questions . Send resum e to 
canulla @home.com Fax (602) 667-
6035. (4/2-16_) ___ _ 
MEN-AGES 18-24 for nude modeling 
and acting. Call Phil, (619)584-2243 
for interview. (4/2-30) ___ _ 

www.4CRS.com 
Win a free computer 

Free service to 
College students 

Pasadena area Summer Day Camp 
hiring energetic and responsible 
people lor counselor positions. 
Looking for group counse lors, 
lifeguards and wranglers. Spend your 
summer outside making new friends. 
Call TOM SAWYER CAMP (626) 
794- 11 56. (4/6-23) 
CRUISE SHIP & lAND-TOUR JOBS 
- Excellent benefits. World Travel. 
Ask us how! (517) 324-3090 ext. 

Rome .. ................ ... $906 
Madrid .................. $882 
Athens ........ , ......... $993 

For dcwils: Jancl htlnkn al Johns Hopkins Univ. 
-r, I: 410-95 5-0053, -m,tll : jshimko@jhsph.cdu. ,»s ~ '- San ~ arItI do 1\01 inc:_ 'il whoch rUllS.., y."o seo. 
To 'Ign up (or languagc programs, conlacl AmcriSpan. 

~ ~ ~ ~ ~ 

stAtum .. . 
IIIE WORLD'S 
LAIIGDT STUDENT 

Subject II> cI\IntO . ..... rtstri<bOns alJt)l), CSl 'IOI 7560.60 

(800) 777-0112 ST/j 
STA nrAVEL 
We'.- ...... tIIera. 

K YOUR TICKET ONLINE AT: 
WWW.STA·TRAV£I.COM 
. , .. ' . 
, , ~ .. ,. , ., 

Thursday, April 16, 1998 

C59762 (4/6-30) 
Ai'de wanted by Disabled 
Professional Woman. MorvWedlFri: 
6:00- Noon; Sun: 7:00-3:00 Own Car. 
$8.SO/hr. Contact Pat 298-1745. (4/ 
9-20) 
Bookkeeper and Personal Assistant 
wanted for Spring and full-time 
summer position at La Jolla Shores 
home. Call Megan at 459-8446. (41 
13-16) 

JAMISON IANCH CAMP 
seeks malure students to work os 
COUNSELORS at our rustic, self 

sufficient children's camp. We need 
positive role models who have at 

leasl one leochable skill, i .e. 
horseback riding, lifeguards, 

mountain bikers, archery, drama, 
elc. RM, BD, laundry, plus salary. 

Call 1-800-696-9062 for 
information and application. 

AIRLINE EMPLOYMENT· Entry 
level/skilled . Ground crew , 
reservationists, ticket agents, flight 
attendants. Excellent travel benefits. 
Ask us how! (517) 336-0971 ext. 
L597.!l1 (4/13-5/14) __ 
GREAT SUMMER OPPORTUNITY! 
Work outdoors with children. West 
Los Angeles Day Camp. Counselors 
& instructors : swimming, arts , 
horsebackriding & sports. 310-399-
2267. Wi 3-5/7) 
SkilSnowboard 100 days next 
winter- FREE!! Ski Bummin' in the 
Rockies- the definitive guide forthe 
aspiring skibum, prof il ing 20 ski 
towns. 800-454-0488 ($11 .50 + s&h) 
www.ski-bummin.com (4/13-~ 

Job Interview Suit 
UCSD Guardian 

Display Classifieds 

Help needed in writing chapter 
summaries and a paper from 
Business and Economic texts. Call 
Ellaine a~ 5-:7·3480 (4/13·16) 
Administrative Person Needed : 
computer input, Windows 95, light 
office duties, 20 hrs. a week $10/hr. 
Call Ellaine at 547-3480 (4/13-16) 
Entry level position for Graphic ArtisV 
Webdesigner with HTML and Java 
experience. Fax resume to (619) 571 -
5404 attenti~n Grace. (4/13-! 6) 

INTERVIEWERS $7/HR 
Join the intllresting world of marketing 

research, conducting telephone 
surveys and opinion polls. 

WE TRAIN NO SALES . 
25 wpm TYPING (wa test) 

PM shilts 0 7 days a week· FT or PT 
Apply In ~ Man Tue Wed 

person 9am 4pm DIP !II 
DIRECTIONS IN RESEARCH' 

8593 Aero Drive 

EASY WORK IN YOUR SPARE 
TIME! Mailing envelopes for our 
company. You can earn- $1 ,ooO's 
weekly! Just send a self·addressed, 
stamped envelope for information to: 
Work at Home, 8070 La Jolla Shores 
Drive, Suite 11242, La Jolla, CA 92037. 
(4/13-23) 
Print advertising sales support. $6-

Thursday, April 16, 1998 

12 per hour. Flexible hours will fit 
your schedule . Duties include: 
gathering leads, cold calling clients, 
setting appointments, and dropping 
off media material to local businesses. 
619-458-5905. 4/13-2,2) __ _ 

Yoh Scientific needs: 
·Chemists 

·Biochemists 
·Microhiologists 

·Molecular Biologists 
·Rescarch Associates 

·Lah Tcchnicians/ Assistants 
·Chcmical E;ngineers 
Fax (619)622-9048 

Phone (619)622-9005 

lI~!~l 
XCLNT XTRA $ Modeling 
opportunities, up to $1000, For 
women, experience not required . 
Photo/contact info to 7770 Regents 
Rd., #113-211 SO 92122. (4/16-27) 
Seeking interns considering a career 
in financial services. Potential life + 
securities licensing. Please contact 
Katherine Wood at 546-7400 x 230. 
(4/16-23) 

Learn Bartending 

619-196-0600 
SAlES_ Outside representatives for 
promotional ad agency. Flexible. 
Commission + bonus. Will train (619) 
297-3424. (4/16) 
Posting flyers on campuses. $10/hr. 
Minimum 20 tirsJwk. 1-800-696-5728 
(4/16) 
Camp Counselors: Youth exper. & 
refs. Horsebackride / waterfront / 
swim / rockclimb. SF East Bay. 510· 
?83-3795 / Roughit @ ao~com ~/16) 
Hey Golfers! Need a summer job? 
We need golfers to staff our Golf 
Gifts Sales Cart at UTC. Outside. 
Sunshine. Close shifts available May 
1. 10am-3pm & 3prn-9pm. $61hr to 
start. Call Terry at 760-740·0697. (4/ 
16-27) 

1 col. X 1" $9 
$18 
$27 
$36 
$45 

ROOMMATES 
I don't have much. As of May, I won't 

have a roommate. Mission Hills, 2br/ 
1 ba, $300/mo. Animal/vegetable/ 
mineral OK. No fungi. Peter 293-
0213 (4/6-30) 
Female Roommate Wanted . 2 
bedroom! 1 bath House in Ocean 
Beach. $400/ month plus 1/2 utilities. 
Available 5/1. Call Tracy 523-1819. 
(4/9-20) 
Room available for female in 2br/2ba 
apartment in Del mar. 2 blocks from 
beach. Available July 1. $500/mo. + 
1/2 utilities. 794-6224 (4/13-!§)_ 
Beautiful Mira Mesa Apt. , seeking 
friendly cool roommate, 10 min. from 
UCSD. Near lots of restaurants + 
stores. Available ASAP or starting 6/ 
1/98. $404.50 for own room. Lily @ 
578-7032. (4/1_3-_5/_28-,-) __ _ 

FOR RENT 
For rent: UTCILa Jolla Colony 
townhomes: 3-bedroom, 2.5 bath, 
$1600; 4-bedroom, 2-bath, $1850. 
July 1. Washer/dryer/refrigerator. 
Near Vons, UTC, Costa Verde. 454-
6462. (3/30-4/30) 
Large master bedroom & bath w/ 
private balcony. $480/month + 1/3 
utilities to share condo w/ 2 girls. 
Available for 1 or 2 persons from 4/ 
20/98-9/20198. Call 622-9690 (4/6-
16) 

Nd tjrnt hs/XL-apt? 2-BR, 
28a, AC, Indry, Xlnt Io<:.? 

Nd hlp w/abbrev? 
GUARDIAN CI.sslfied 

Displ.y Ads 

OWN YOUR OWN HOME, save rent 
$. Condos $100,000+, Homes 
$200,000+. Special savings UCSD 
staff/students. Area expert, 20 years 
experience. REIMAX COASTAL 
Judith Haddox. 274-4477. (4/16) 

FOR SALE 
Pain tball passes for outdoor all day 
field! Includes fu ll day use of playing 
field , basic gun, goggles, and face 
mask! Normally $25 per ticket, now 
only $3 per ticket! (Sold only in sets 
of ten, only 2 sets available) Call 587 -
1344. (4/13-16) 

Let go of ctutter' ... pawn It off 
on somebody else I 

GUARDIAN CI.sslfied 
Displ.y Ads 

. 

DON'T BE A JACKASS! Roll your 
pack! Rollerbags are backpacks that 
can be rolled on the ground to alleviate 
stress on your body. Made of durable 
mater ial with roomy pockets, 
including one for water bottle. $49.95 . 
www.rollerbags.comorcaIl619·453-
1026. (4/16-20) 

WAN TED 
Professional couple with secondary 
ovarian fa ilure seeks woman to help 
them h~v~achild th tQj,Jgh surrogacy_ 
$20,000. 800-450-5343. (2112-4/20) 

The UCSD Guardian 

WE'RE LOOKING FOR A FEW 
GOOD SPERM. All races needed, 
Donors must be 20-38 years . 
Compensation $50 per acceptable 
donation. Call OPTIONS (800) 886-
9373. (2/2-6/4) 

EGG DONORS 
WANTED 

If you are a healthy female 
between the ages of 19 and 30 

and have health insurance. 
Compensation $3,500. 

Call Mirna Navas at 
(310) 829-6782 

for more info. 

Jewish American subjects 
reimbursed lor interview. If you are a 
UCSD student. 21-25, call 552-8585 
x4185 for more information.(1 /12-6/4) 

6935 or email: hbyun@ucsd.edu. $75 
for our skin! {4/16-..::2-"'0)'--__ _ 
PREGNANT? COULD ADOPTION 
BE YOUR LOVING CHOICE? Help 
a childless, loving family to grow! 
Blessed with education, health, 
careers, Christian faith, and a secure, 
spacious home in south Orange 
County, thiscoupledreams of sharing 
their lives with children. They have 
an approved home study with a 
licensed adoption agency. Call 

1@00)7~-4623 . (4/16) 

SERVICES 
Passport photos, $5.95. Color 
Llser Copies, 69 cents. Copies. 
B&W, 3.5 cents. Cal Copy, 452-
9949 (w/l D . 4/2-6/4 

EGG DONORS NEEDED! Have you 
considered helping an infertile 
couple's dream come true? If you're 
21-30 yearsand willing to help, please • -
call OPTIONS at (800) 886-9373. All Typing Service. 10 pages $25. 15 
races needed. Compensltion pages $30. Pick ups M,W,F; Will 
$3,5.!IO.J.3130-614) type in your office! Leave message 
Jewish American subjects at 310-581-9061 . (4/16-614) , 
reimbursed for interview. If you are a April in Paris! Traveling to France or 
UCSD student, 21-25, call 552-8585 
~ 185 for more information. (3/30-6/~ 
Males and females paid $30.00 for 
interview. If you are of Japanese, 
Korean, or Chinese descent call VA, 
552-~85 x2182. @/32=6/4) 
Egg donors immediate need of tall 
blonde blue intelligent healthy 18-30 
yrs. pays $2500. Couples waiting, 
don't delay (760) 480-99§2 (4/~ 16) 
Surrogate moms, immediate need of 
tall blonde blue healthy intelligent 
mothers 21-36 yrs. pays $18,000. 
Call for info (760) 480-995~ (4/6-16) 

~~~~~~ 
~WOMENWHO~ 
~ ARE PROUD ~ 
~ of their heri tage , you ~ 
; may be eligible to be an ; 

~ egg donor if you are ~ 
~ 21-28 years, healthy, ~ 
~ responsible . ~ 
~ Call Stephanie , FFC ~ 

~ 619-581-1820 ~ 
~ GENEROUS ~ . 
~ COMPENSATION ~ 
~ Asian donors needed ~ 

~~~~~~ 
EXTRA MONEY!!! SKIN BIOPSY for 
Cystic Fibrosis Study. Wanted : 
normal male volunteers to donate 4 
skin plugs (back/shoulder) $75.00 
Compensation. Study Site: UCSD 
Medical Center (Hillcrest) . Call 543-

just want improve your French? 
French tutoring and translation. Call 
619-794-7851 . (4/16:..-3.:.,:0:.L-__ _ 
Earn $25 cash! Mexican-American 
women ages 18-40 needed to answer 
questionaires (research) . One 
meeting only. Call 619-623-2777 Ext. 
411 . (4/16) 

$10 PER HOUR 
GUARANTEED + BONUSES 
~ FLEXIBLE HOURS 
~ FEW BLOCKS FROM CAMPUS 

CLASSIFIEDS 17 

Do you really dIg weed,? 
Find someone who needs. 
GUARDIAN CI.ssIfI ... 

Dlspl.y Ad. 

PERSONALS 
"Lost in Space' would have been 
watchable if it had been a two part 
'Friends" where Joey dreams he's in 
"Lost in S ace: 4/16 
Matt LeBlanc dressed in leather and 
an aluminum fetish mask? Danger 
Will Robinson, indeed. (4/16) 
"Oops-let me go back and correct 
that" Dept: I just used Turbo Tax 
software to do my taxes. There is a 
section where the program actually 
warns you that "illegal bribes and 
kickbacks" can't be claimed as 
deductions. (4/16) 
A naked man ran onto Coors Field 
the other night during a Rockies-
Reds game. Said he wanted 
someone to "share his life with," and 
he thought that would be a good way 
to attract women. Ladies, the line 
forms on the right. (4/16) 
This new 'fV show "Push," which 
filmed some episodes here on 
campus, only lacks one thing: any 
connection whatsoever to real life 
human beings. (4/16) 

surfboards, bodyboards 
wetsuits, swimsuits 

clothing, skateboards 
snorkle gear, and more 

~ PART-TIME HOURS/FULL TIME PAY 
~ CASUAL WORKING ATMOSTPHERE 



.. 

, 

. , 

18 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian 

Another Comeback Win 
RALLY: Tritons come back in the bottom of the ninth inning to win, 5-4 
By John Maynard 
Staff Writer 

"Baseball is a war.": Words 
Straighl from Trilon Head Coach 
Dan 0' Brien. Larely, 0' Brien's 
crew has neen winning a 
101 of them. 

In their last si~ games, 
the Tritons have neen vic-
torious five times, outscor-
ing their opponents, 62-31. 

After its loss . against 
Redlands, UCSD came 
back big Monday, emhar-
rassing Occidental. 15-3 . 

On Tuesday. the men contin-
ued to dominate as they beat 
NAIA powerhouse Biola Univer-
sity, 5-4. Despite giving up a 
game·tying home run in the lap of 
the ninth, the Tritons re-grouped 
and came up with the game-win-
ner in the hollom of the ninth. 

"Baseball is a war," O'Brien 
said . "But we don ' t see th~ whole 
war. We see the bailie. We concen-
trale on winning each inning." 

The Tritons epilOmized what 
O'Brien has been talking about all 
season in Tuesday's win. They 
exhibited great character as they 
focused on each inning as opposed 
to the whole game en roule to their 
I-run victory. 

When Mike Bedar gave up the 
game·tying dinger on the Iirst 
pitch of the ninth inning, many 
teams would have buckled, but the 
Tritons hung in there. 

As Bedar tired, nght 
fielder/pitcher Eric 
Schramm came in and 
picked up where Bedar 
left ofr. 
. "Bedar pitched rea ll y 

well today. He was just 
worn out by the ninth," 
0 ' Brien said . "But 
that's what I've been 

talking about all year. I f someone 
is having a hard time, there is 
always somebody else to pick 
things up. Today it was Schramm. 
He and the rest of Ihe guys really 
came through big." 

Biola got off to an ea rly lead on 
Triton starter John Willis, as it 
scored a run in the top of Ihe lirst. 

The Tritons answered in the 
bOllom of the second as designat-
ed hiller Steve Pelletier doubled in 
~h()rtstop Mark Mason. 

The Eagles took the lead back 
in the third by scoring a run. They 
further lengthened their lead in the 
fourth , garnering another run. 

Despite the 3-1 deficit, howev-
er, the Tritons focused' on the bat-

lie and brought in a run of their 
own in the hOllam of the fourth . 

While the Triton. kept the 
Eagles from scoring in the top of 
the fifth , the Eag les couldn ' t 
return the favor - Mason didn't 
let them. The Triton shorts top 
stepped up and launched hi s 11th 
horner of the season, lying up the 
game al 3-3. 

Luter, in the hottom of the sev-
enth , the Tritons took thl.! lead on 
Ryan Hill 's double , driving in left 
lielder George Escanuelas. 

While Biola wa. able to tie 
things up, the Triton offense 
remained daunlless in their ninth 
inning at bal. 

Escanuelas batt led bac~ from 
deep in the count and walked. Eric 
Pangelinan slipped a si ngle hy 
Biola 's second baseman, and 
Escanuelas charged all the way to 
third. Hill followed Pangelinan, 
ripping a shot off the Biola pitch-

ocr for the game-winner. 
Though the Tritons won thi s 

war, they still aren't away from 
the baulefield. The Tritons ( 12-
14) will continue their week-long 
home stand today they face Divi-
sion III leader Cal Luther~n at 3 
p.m. On Saturday, the Tritons will 
take on Chapman at I p.m. 

~ ME. \JP..':thTh;' Ad! 
$5 OFF 
Haircuts 

Ind. 5hmnpoo, conditioner. cut & blowdry 
R"~ . $ZZ.$Z7 

Hours 
M,m. Fri. & at. 

9am·6pm; 
Tues. Wed. & Thu"rs. 

9am·8pm; 
Retail only: 

un. It ·; 

For appointment call 

457-3334 
8843 Villa La Jolla Drive • La Jolla Village Center 

Near \VhoJ., Food< & Sm··On 

STATE: 
The Tritons got 
splashed at home 
Continued from ..... 20 
on." 

The Tritons ' demise came in the 
third quarter when SDSU scored 7 
goals. UCSD's 2 goals in the third 
came off of a 4-meter penally shot 
from junior Alice Hu zcz, and a 
left-wing shot scored by Burch. 

In the fourth , UCSD scored 
three times, including a 4-llle ter 
penalty shot by Burch, her second 
goal of the game. It was, however, 
a case of too lillie to late as SDSU 

SENIORS: 
Tritons earned 
Division I respect 
Continued from pac. 20 
across town to San Diego State. 
With a large Triton cheering squad 
in tow, UCSD looked 10 close out 
the year on a high note. 

Showing the grit and determina-
tion thai has been characteristil: of 
the team, the Tritons matched the 
Aztecs point-for-point early on. 
Again facing a serious height dis-
advantage, the UCSD middle 
blockers still managed to play one 
of their best matches of the season 

3 Rairs of color 
DISPOSABLES 

Free color variety packs fo r light 
or dark eyes when you buy 12 
pairs of FreshLook clear 
disposabes (6·mo supply) 

Exam, follow-up, solutions, $14 9 
6 mo. of FreshLooks® Clear, 
3-pair Rainbow variety pack. Alter Mfrs $40 .ebate 

DAILY WEAR EXTENDED WEAR I $89** I $99** 
COMPLETE 2 PAIRS B&L FW 

.. Att 'po"ol. 'nclude lon.os . o.om •• yocare k'i and foliow up Vi,,1 
A'I'gmahc Ion ... h,gher ! 'al,d w,th any other oller 

011." •• por. 4/30/98 

ROBERT Hmn. 0 D ' STEVEN TAYMAN, 0 D 

COSTA VERDE CENTER 
8650 GENESE! AVE, STE. 220 (619,452-7374 

F AsmON V ALLEY CENTER 
Nm SAKS FIfTH AVENUE (619,295-0537 

M f 10'7 ' SAT 10 6 ' !,. " ,I SUN 11 ·6 

Thursday, April 16, 1998 

kept pace with two goals of ils own. 
Despi te the loss, Harper had posi-
tive things to say of his team. 

' ''1 was pleased with the 4-meter 
penally shooti ng by I Burch 1 and 
fHuszczl ," Harper said. "We are 
really happy 10 have Dara back 
from injury, and Alice brings the 
heat. On occasion it is like a How-
itzer without a sight, hut I've gO! 
confidence in her. She blew it by 
State's goalie today." 

In its last game, UCSD took ilto 
the Banan'l Slugs of UC Sama Cruz 
to the tunc of 17-6. 

UCSD continues its homestand 
this Friday al 6 p. m. when it hosts 
Loyola Marymount Universi ty. 

as they kept the SDSU defense on 
its heels using the quick sets of 
Kurt Seckington. 

Jeffcoat continued his outstand-
ing playas he led the Triton allack. 
Yarris, Woods, Mount and Dawbcr 
closed out their careers at UCSD 
by taking a game from the hated 
Aztecs to the joy of the Triton faith-
ful. While it was not enough 10 
knock off State, the Tritons can 
hold their heads high knowing they 
did a tine job representing the 
UCSD vOlleyball tradition . 

In a season with many bumps 
and bruises, the Tritons have been 
given their due respect from their 
Division I opponenls. 

_I Tour QperatOfil 
!of 18·35y, oI~ 

2forl 
entrees 

p.s. Bar & Grill 
10% OFF 
United School of 

SsHDefense 

·2'orl 
APPETIZERS 

Thursday, April 16. 1998 THe UCSD Guardian SPORTS 19 

UCSD Toys With -Redlands in Easy Victory 
BIG BROTHER: The Tntons played host to the Bulldogs yesterday and, despite a slow start, coasted to their ninth win thiueason 
By Sean Rahlml 
Senior Staff Writer 

Rememher back when you had 
to play your lillie brother in a game 
of horse on the garage hoop" 

He wasn' t a~ good as you were, 
so you tri ed to he nice and not pull 
out the left -handed , behind-the-
hack hook shot. It wou ld be just too 
cruel. 

Instead, YOll su nk to his 
level and started shooting 
short jump shots, layurs 
and maybe hoisting up a 
half-court prayer. 

But eventually, you 
would get tired of your 
good-hearted pity, and you 
would start to destroy him. 
Even though it didn ' t look prelly, 
and your brothcr never left the 
collrt happy, you could never allow 
a defeat at t he hands of your pu ny 
lillie brother. 

So, when the Bulldogs of the 
University of Redlands came call-
ing Wednespay afternoon, the Tri-
ton women's tennis team did its 
best imitation of t~e big brother -
succumbing to the vis,itors' poor 
play early 0,.. before gelling tired of 
the shenani~ans an<\taking ~are of 
business for its [limh win of the 
season. 

UCSD notched two of three 
doubles malches to start a"nd then 
grabbed all six Si ngles matches for 
the 8- 1 victory. . 

The less- talc'nted Redlands 
squad got a psychological hoost 

when the No. I UCSD duo of 
Maria Nguyen and Kirsten Olsen 
let an earl y 3-0 lead slip in douhles 
action. 

The Bulldogs' No. I tandem of 
Lit. Gorey and Erika Svedeman 
staged an impressive comeback to 
go ahead 4-3 and eventually 
graobed the point with a 8-4 pro-set 

ly,8-6. 

victory. 
The Tritons' No. 2 and 

3 teams, however, sto d 
their ground in securi ng a 
2-1 lead going into the sin-
gles portion of Ihe day. In 
the No. 2 slot, Becky 
Jones and Robyn Kon-
drack defeated Lindsey 
Josselyn and Marci Ever-

"This win will be a great ,conli-
dence boost for them," Triton Head 
Coach Liz LaPlante said. "They got 
their lirst serves in and fini shed olT 
thei r volleys. The other team didn ' t 
give away the points; our players 
earned them." 

knnifcr Drimmer - fully 
healed after a month on the side-
lines with an ankle injury - . 
teamed up with Kelli Tsai at the 
No. 3 slot (0 handily defell.t the 
Redlands duo, 8- 1. 

"I wasn't tentative and [the 
ankle) didn ' t give me any prob-
lems," Drimmer said. " It 's hard to 
sit for a long time, espe.cia llY when 
you've been playi ng 'Ior awhile. It 
feels good to be back. We really 
need cd Ihis win tooay for our con-

~O%' ;~~ Jj '() OFF ~ 
COMPUTER RENTALS 

PC or Mac slalions wilh In Ierne! Access (Regularly $12/hr). 
Loaded wilh a variely of software including QuarkXprcss. PageMaker. 

PhOloshop. (lIuslrall)(. FreeHand. PowerPoinl . MS Word, and much more ... 
8/W ulser 600dpi Output @ 49r ellch 

Color uiser JOOdpi Output @ $2.49 ell ch 
Offer expires May 15, 1998. Limil one coupon per person please. 

Costa Verde Shopping Center / UTe 
11650 Genesee Ave. , Sle 11200 

San Diego, CA 92122 

(619) 457-9500 

apr ce . sm are coming to 
ue San Diago 

April 18th & 17th 
EVents • Glvea .. ,. on the Warren BaD 

• Free airline ticket raffle • Meet Matt Fry of Half Baked 
cDurtesy of Priceline.com • On-campus talent search 

Watch us on 

WCTV-20 
Mon 11.1111 & 7 9 pm Wf'rI 9am 12pm. Thurs 8 11pl11 

www.burlybear.com 

Monlka Kobyte<:ka/Guard;an 
Partners In Crime: Becky Jones (right) and Robyn Kondrack celebrate during yesterday'S win. The 
No.2 doubles team for Head Coach Liz LaPlante 's squad has been playing solid tennis all season. 
Jidence. Arter Saturday's poor per-
formance, we needed 10 get [thlsl 
win." 

Saturday's match against rival 
Pomona-Pitzer was extremely (rus-
lrating for the Tritons. It was sus-
pended midway due 10 rain . 

Before the rains drenched the 
courts, however, Pomona-Pitzer 
was able to snatch two 'of the three 
doubles matches from the Slunned 
Tritons. 

dug itself inlo a considerable hole, 
;IS it will have to grab four of the 
six singles contests in order to' win 
the mat~h . 

The task shouldn't be too dim -
cult, however, since the Tritons 
won tive of six singles matches the 
last time these IWO schools got 
together. 

Region. 
"The Pomona match shouldn' l 

be a problem fr;r us," Dhmmer 
said. "Claremont is the match Ihat 
we're looking ahead lto] ." 

Currently, UCSD ranks t~ird in 
the West Region behind Trinity 
(Texas) and Claremont. . 

The two squads will finish their 
cOlll est next Tuesday. UCSD has 

The Tritons have their eyes set 
on bigger goals, as the postseason 
is rapidly approaching. LaPlanle's 
troops are after the two teams 'seed-
cd ahead of them in the West 

With a win against Claremont, 
UCSD courd vault into t he se~ond 
seed ing, even though it wi II most 
likely not be ranked in the NCAA 
Division III Championships start-
ing May S. ' 

I 
I 

DELIVERY a CARRYon! 
Serving ... Paciflc Beach/Mission Beach 

1550 Garnet Ave. 
272-1100 ~. We'll be delivering to UCSD soon! 

h iiiiViiiSARY-
PEGIAL! 

: TWO 14" LARGE I S 00 
: 3.topping PIZZAS 
I 

Umlted delivery area. Coupon required . Additional tOPPIn&S $1.25 each . V.lld only at partlCtpatln,locauons. 
Customer pays all applicable sale. tax. E'pires ~/ 26198 . 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I I I ~--------------------------------~ . .... • 11' •• J .......... J • • •• 

--

-

-

-



20 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian 

'" ."" ...... to ".. 
WnI".. I»au .. 

• , ,..., 0ItIy .,..., to 
tile ,.."". .." , ... 't 

.,.., '0 "... ""." 
- Dluy Dean 

Greed 
Basket 

Jacob Gordon 
I Am The Greatest 
Man In The World 

Let's sec ... Here I am aga in , 
on the column side of thing!> . I 
think I' m finall y over my Kohe 
Bryant-envy complex . Yet, the 
fundamental problem has yet to 
be addressed. I am greedy. And 
iI's a sickness. 

It stems from my TV and 
reading hahits - all sport s. In 
the ~pO rl S world today, you 
never see highlights of the hard 
workers who do their joh day in 
and day out. No, you see the 16-
year-o ld with the fl ashy, slam-
ham-thank-you-ma ' am jam. 

Not often do you sec a great 
bone-crushing pick or the pitch-
er covering tirst on a squeeze 
bunt. 

I always want the hall. I want 
to score every touchdown. I 
want be up at the plate with the 
bases loaded and the game on 
the line. Trouble is, I DID corne 
up to hat . with the bases loaded 
and the game on the line and I 
choked. Why? I got too greedy. 

Let me set the scene; in 1M 
softball , my fat , drunken friends 
(most notably, the stinky Coacli) 
and I somehow got stuck in the 
AAA (the best) league. With no 
hope to win, we took the tield 
and we somehow kept stride 
with some frat team until the 
late innings. 

We loaded the bases in the 
top of the last inning in a tied 
ballgame. I was up next and I 
strided.to the plate. r finally got 
my chance at glory. We needed 
runs and I was the person to 
knock 'em in. 

"Wait on your pitch, Greed-
Basket!" my teammates ye lled. 
His tirst deli very was way short , 
2 feet in front of the plate. That 
wasn' t my pitch. 

The next two also weren' t -
how could I hit a home run 
when I didn ' t get a pitch ncar 
the plate? 

I had the pitcher right where 
1 wanted him. The pitcher 
released, short once aga in. 

In my trigger happy state, I 
couldn 't help myself. I took two 
steps up and reached for it. The 
ball nicked my bat and ro lled 
harmless ly foul. 

Now I was ready for my 
walk . After all he'd already 
pitched four straight ba lls. The 
pitcher wound up and let loose a 
perfect pitch. Thi s WAS my 
pitch. I had it in my sights. Wait , 
I'm a little too far forward. On 
Ill)' hecl~ , I swung ... and missed. 
Strike three. 

No highli ghts of me on 
Sportscentcr, nothing. I went for 
it all and missed. But if you 
don't go for it all sometimes, 
you' ll never wi n the jackpot. 
Hell , who am I to learn from my 
mi takes? Greed is thy name 
and glory IS thy quest. 
ONWARD! 

UCSD headed into yesterday's game looking for another 
victory, but the result against SDSU only contributed to the 

(~ROSS-TOWN RIVALRY 
By Jonah Nisenson 
Co-Associate Sports Editor 

Cries of "Shamu" rang from the boisterous crowd 
as the game commem:ed. Could it he true? Had the 
whale rea lly been stolcn fro m Sea World and bl()Ught 

fans be so cruel? 

to Canyonview Pool? 0 , it couldn' t 
be. It wou ld be vi rtuall y impossihle 
to transport suc h a large mammal. 

While the crowd, which 
appeared to be fresh otT the Round-
table tap, continued its jeering, it 
became apparent that "Shamu" was 
a reference to one of San Diego 
State Uni versity'S players. It was 
horrible and tasteless. How cou ld 

The remarks were harsh; however, these randy 
fans had noti ced a key factor to the game. No. 4-
ranked SDSU had an unquestionahle size advantage 
that would playa huge part in the game. Not that the 
No. 9-ranked UCS D women's water polo team didn ' t 
hold its own in an 11 -6 loss yesterday afternoon, hut 
the size difference made for a factor the Tritons just 
couldn ' t overcome. 

Despite UCS D's stellar defense in the tirst half, led 
by junior stalwart Jenny Irwin, its speed was over-
come by SDSU's girth in the third quarter. In the peri -
od, a 7-2 point difference spelled the Tritons' doom 
after being down only 2- 1 at the half. 

"The third quarter killed us," said sophomore Dara 
Burch, who had 2 goals on the day. "We were hang-
ing strong in the tirst half, hut we had way too many 
turnovers in the third quarter and too many ejections." 

SDSU jumped out to an early 2-0 lead in the lirst 
quarter with UCSD hanging strong. Defensive ly, the 
Tritons' swarthy, drop-back defense had the Aztecs 
bewildered, hut UCSD couldn ' t buy a goal of its own. 

"Jenny Irwin played one oJ the best defensive 
games I have seen since Shawna [Caballero 's 1 fresh-
man season when she played with Judy SWJil , who is 
now a captain of the national team," Head Coach 
Denny Harper said . "If I gave out game balls, Jenny 
would detinitely get one." 

In the second period, UCSD scrapped back with a 
six-on-fi ve goa l scored hy freshman Sandra Lopez, 
but failed to convert on other occasions. 

Dave Lubitz / Guardian 
Not this TI .... : UCSD goalie Maryam Hadiashar blocks a SDSU shot attempt with an 
outstretched arm during the first half of the Tritons' 11-6 loss at Canyonview Pool. 

" It was 2-1 at halftime and I was thrilled with the 
defense," Harper said "I was not thrilled with the 
offense. It was rea l clear that State was beatable today, 
and we needed to step up more than we did. We had 
three great opportunities that we could not convert 

See STATE, Page 18 

Tritons Keep Heads Held High in Finale -
CLOSED: Despite being slighted out of a playoff 
berth, UCSD finished up strong at San Diego State 
By Steve Walsh 
Senior Staff Writer 

To get a true understanding of 
the character of the 1998 U SO 
men's vo lleyball team, it is neces-
sary to look past the 
squad's record and exam-
ine the intensity and com-
p titi veness that it hrought 
to the court each mat 'h. 

Forced to playa sched-
ule that is loaded with the 
top Divi 'ion I teams in the 
nation, wins were few and 
far between, but th is team 
is about much more than wins and 
losses. This can be seen by looking 
at the Tritons' la t three matches of 
the cason against Divi ion I pow-

erhouses USC, Long Beach State 
and cross-town ri val San Diego 
State. 

After learning that it would be 
denied an invitation to the Divi ion 

III National Champi -
onships in favo r of La 
Verne, despi te hei ng the 
NO. 4-ranked team in the 
nation and having handily 
beaten the Leopards in 
straight sets in it s own 
gy m the week hefore, 
UCSD opened the doors 
of RIMAC to host its final 

two home games. 
The Trojan of USC were the 

first to come to La Jolla, looking to 
avenge an upset victory by the Tri -

tons last year. Despite giving up a 
serious height advantage, UCSD 
was not about to back clown from 
it s scholarly opponents. 

sing a combination of scram-
bling defense and creative offense 
allacks, the Tritons managed to stay 
close to the Trojans th roughout the 
early portions of the match, but 
US proved to be too powerful and 
knocked off CS D in three games. 

The nex t night , Long Beach 
State came to RIMAC with similar 
thoughts of revenge. Having fallen 
victim to upset-minded UCSD last 
year, the No. 14-ranked 4gers 
looked to send a message to UCSD. 

This was Senior Night for 
UCSD and the graduates were not 
about to go. out without a fight. In 
their final match in front of the Tri-
ton faithful , hillers Jon Yarris and 

Ryan Woods and middle blockers 
Guy Mount and Alan Dawber were 
looking to go out with a bang. 

Things did not go well for 
UCSD in the tirst two games, as 
CSULB took full advantage of its 
6-foot- IO All -Ameri can middle 
hlocker Gaby Amar. 

The senio r class, however, 
would not go out without the last 
word . Woods, Yarri s and Mount 
each took their turns peppering the 
4ger deren e with kills. 

Despite the stellar play of the 
seniors and the continued improve-
ment of junior middle blocker 
Devon Jeffcoat, the Triton rally was 
not enough and CSULB escaped 
unscathed. 

On Tuesday night , UCSD 
closed out its season by heading 

See SINIOIIS, Page 18 


