
Elsewhere 
Ill"""""", 
SUeped In Cut., 
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Calif. -
San Luis Obispo law enforce-
ment officials may have recov-
ered the missing bodies of 
Cuesta College student 
Aundria Crawford and ear 
Poly San Luis Obispo student 
Rachel Newhouse. A convict-
ed rapist is in custody as a 
possible suspect. The suspect's 
neighbor said that investigators 
have recovered the women's 
bodies, although the police 
have denied that allegation. 
111e suspect, Rex Allen Krebs, 
is a 33-year-old white male 
whom the police consider a 
"serious offender." His previ-
ous convictions include assault 
to commit rape, sodomy and 
oral copulation, rape by force 
and/or fear and sodomy with a 
person under 14 years old with 
or without force. 

- Mustang Daily 

....... Maaterato 
wrestle In JelI4 
NEW HAVEN, Conn. - Yale 
University Pierson House 
Master Harvey Goldblatt will 
partake in a Jell-a -wrestling 
contest against Jonathan 
Edwards House Master Gary 
Haller. Students initially chal-
lenged Yale College Dean 
Richard Brodhead to the 
wrestling match against 
Goldblatt, but Brodhead 
replied that he must work up 
to that level of exhibition and 
could never be Goldblatt's 
equal. This being Haller 's first 
Jell-O match, residents who 
have either wrestled previous-
ly or who have gained exper-
tise by "watching an insane 
amount of professional 
wrestling" are preparing him 
for the contest. The wrestling 
ring is made of wood, mat-
tresses and plastic sheets. 
Yellow Jell-O is used because 
it is usually easier to clean up. 

- Yale Daily News 
~ 

Yanderblit MIlk .. 
............ OI'J 
NASHVILLE, Tenn. -
Vanderbilt University is plan-
ning to make service-learning 
a requirement for its students. 
The program will be broken 
down into three components: 
acadeJOics, service and reflec-
tion. Students first learn sub-
ject matter and then apply 
theories learned in the class-
room through personal and 
interactive experiences out-
side the classroom. Reflection 
is accomplished through jour-
nals or papers. The program 
also provides faculty mem-
bers as mentors for student 
participants. 

- Vanderbilt Hustler 

Spoken ... 
"As election committee 
chair and as A.S, 
elections manager, I 
have to follow the 
bylaws and I followed 
the bylaws. " 

- o.ve Fttzprakl 
Elections Manager 
See story at right 

Internet: www.ucsd.edul guardian 
E-mail: guardi~csd.edu 

Indian Dancer Trolley Trials 
Computer science and traditional The San Diego Trolley will 
Indian dancing go hand in hand be stopping at UCSD in 
for UCSD student Lahoni Patnaik 2010, the question is: where? 

F •• tur •• , page 9 Opinion, page 4 

T H E U C 

UC SAN DIEGO MONDAY, APRIL 26, 1999 

ARMENIAN GENOCIDE 

Usa HutflGUMdIan 
v--= Students and community members (from-left to right) Eric Mlrzalan, Hera Hur, 
Martita Meiers: Melissa Arzuman and Nancy Meguerditchian gather for a candlelight vigil 
remembering the 84th anniversary of the Armenian Genocide. 

Students Honor Genocide Victims 
MEMORY: Armenian Student 
Association organizes a ceremony 
to remember victims of genocide 
ByW8 KIm 
Staff Writer .. 

Somber music filled the Price Center Cove 
Thursday night IS students and their friends and 
family members gathered for an evening of 
remembrance with the help of the Armenian 
Student Association (ASA), which organized a 
commemoration to honor those killed in the 
Armenian Genocide. 

In 1915, the Turkish govemment killed near-
ly 1.5 million Annenians by forcing them to 
march from their homeland as part of a mass 
depQrtation. 

"I think it's imponant for us to hold this event 
because we all have to realize that people need to 
learn about the genocide and acknowledge and 
accept it," former ASA President Sarine 
Kupelian said. 

Eksapet Agopian, a survivor of the genocide, 
shared her memories of the experience. As she 
spoke, she began to cry and was unable to con-
tinue her talk, which was finished by current 
ASA President Eric Mirzaian. 

"I was stripped of everything ... my father 
died, my mother died, with tears in her eyes, with 
tears in her eyes," Agopian said. 

Agopian also said that she recalls memories 
of suffering the long walk, during which her fam-
ily and friends were beaten, raped and starved to 
death. 

Dr. James Ajemian spoke of his mother's 
experiences during the Armenian Genocide. She 
is 95 years old today. 

"Because that trauma is with her, it affected 
her children and grandchildren. We have to live 
with this on our shoulders," Ajemian said. 

The Turkish government continues to deny 
any wrongdoing and has not made amends with 
Armenia. 

"The ghosts of yesterday 's pasts continue to 
See ARMENIAN, Page 3 

Surf and Turf ~ 
The nation ~ best track and a 
field athletes met sea-side Z 
this weekend at UCSD 0 

Sports, page 16 ::IE 

5 D 

VOLUME 97, ISSUE 9 

A.S. Judicial 
Board Hears 
Appeal 
HEARING: Candidate Justin 
Boggs said Elections 
Committee has no jurisdiction 
By VIncent Gragnanl ' 
Senior Staff Writer 

The A.S. Judicial Board met last 
Thursday night after members of the 
Students First! slate sought to reverse a 
ruling made three weeks ago by the A.S. 
elections committee that disqualified 
Revelle senior senate candidate Justin 
Boggs. The Judicial Board is expected to 
release its decision. this week. 

Boggs was disqualified after 
Roo evelt sophomores Brian Wikner -
a Guardian employee - Brad Root and 
Shaheen Haji filed a complaint with the 
A.S. elections committee stating that 
Boggs had harassed Haji . 

The complaint claimed t.hat as Haji 
boarded ·the Argo Hall elevator on the 
afternoon of March 31, Boggs told her 
that the SRTV show she hosts -
"ReaIPolitiks" - was being canceled 
and that she better "watch out." The 
complaint also state4 that on the previous 
evening, Boggs and other Studenls First! 
members came to Wikner and Root 's 
Argo Hall suite asking them to take down 
a "Don't Vote" sign that they had posted 
in Iheir room. 

Boggs' appeal states, among other 
things, that the elections committee did 
not have the jurisdiction to deal with a 
case of harassment. 

A.S. Vice President Finance Pat Ru 
and Commissioner of Student Advocacy 
James Navarro represented Boggs. 
Election Manager Dave Fitzgerald 
defended the election committee's deci-
sion. 

Although Navarro tried to close the 
hearing to the public, the judicial board 
ruled that it could remain open. 

Ru began the hearing by reading a 
See APPEAL, Page 2 

Law Professor Speaks on Creationism I 
TALK: Campus Crusade 
for Christ and ICF 
sp<?nsored lecture 
By Abby Holcomb 
Staff Writer 

Phillip Johnson, a criminal law 
professor at UC Berkeley's Boalt 
Law School and author of Darwin 
on Trial, visited UCSD on 
Thursday to lecture on the evolu-
tion and creation debate. The event 
was sponsored by Campus Crusade 

for Christ and Intervarsity Christian 
Fellowship. 

"My effon is not 10 persuade 
. you," Johnson said as he began his 

talk. "My goal is .to establish [the] 
legitimacy of debate, not to win it." 

Johnson said he believes in some 
son of creation, or "intelligent 
design," as opposed to completely 
natural selection, and that many ~i ­
entific claims on the matter of natur-
al selection lack supponing evidence. 

Citing a 1994 Gallup poll , 
Johnson said that over 40 percent 

of the public agrees .that God creat-
ed man. Another 40 percent believe 
that God created man by a process 
of evolution . 

Those respondents who hold the 
position of exclusively natural evolu-
tion only make up 10 percent of the 
population. As a result, Johnson said 
that 90 percent of the population holds 
views different from what is being 
taught to children in public schools. 

To illustrate the possibility of 
intelligent design in the formation 
of mankind, Johnson used the 

example of a computer. He pointed 
out that what makes a computer a 
computer is the information in the 
design, not the chemicals that go 
into making it. He said he believes 
the same is true for humans. 

After Johnson spoke, he took 
questions from the audience, which 
was composed of students, faculty 
and community members. Some 
audience members said they were not 
satisfied with Johnson's philosophi-
cal slandpoint and several made chal-
lenge to both sides of the debate. 



2 NEWS 

APPEAL: Four 
committee members 
voted to disqualify 
ContInued from ..... 1 
statement written by Boggs, in 
which the . disqualified candidate 
stated that he believed he was 
wrongly excluded from the elec-
tions because the case was based 
on hearsay, the accused action did 
not violate any concrete election 
rules and did not damage the 
accuser. 

Fitzgerald said. 
Ru and Navarro called two wit-

nesses to testify : Vice President 
Internal Kim McKoon and . 
Roosevelt Junior Senator Clifford 
Lee. Both McKoon and Lee are 
members of the elections commit-
tee. Fitzgerald said that McKoon 
and Lee voted against the disquali-
fication of Boggs. 

In his testimony, McKoon said 
that the only information he and 
other members of the elections 
committee received regarding 
harassment was what was included 

Navarro also said 
that the election 
committee is not 
prepared to deal 
with issues of 
harassment. 

in the student con-
"When you're a - duct code. 
candidate In an Ru asked 

"If such a harass-
ment had taken 
place, the police 
should have been 
called," Navarro 
said. " It should not 
have gone through 
the elections com-
mittee because thi s 
deals with a serious 

A.S. election, 
you're under 
the rules and 
regulations of 
the elections' 
bylaws, plain 
and simple." 

McKoon where he 
thoughl cases of 
harassment should 
be heard. 

" I don't know," 
McKoon responded. 
"Police, RAs, real 
legal services, attor-
neys - I don't 
know." 

McKoon also 
_ Dave fitzgerald responded to a ques-

A.S. Elections Manager tion posed by 
Fitzgerald, stating issue: harassment. " 

In his opening statement, 
Fitzgerald said that four members 
of the elections committee voted to 
disqualify Boggs from the election, 
two voted against di squalifying 
Boggs and none abstained. 
Fitzgerald said that committee 
members voted to disqualify Boggs 
because by harassing a student he 
violated the student conduct code. 
Elections bylaws state that candi-
dates must abide by all campus 
rules. 

"When you're a candidate in an 
A.S. election, you're under the 
rules and regulations of th! elec-
tions' bylaws, plain and simple," 

his belief that the student conduct 
code is a part of the campus' school 
policies. 

Lee said that he did not believe 
that the elections committee was an 
approprijlte forum to hear a case of 
harassment and that such cases 
should be brought to the college 
judicial boards. 

Lee also said that whether 
"campus policies" included the stu-
dent conduct code was vague to 
him. 

Fitzgerald said he did not call 
any witnesses because the fonnat 
of the hearing was unclear to him. 

See APPEAL, Page 3 

GUARDIAN 
WALT DICKINSON 

Editor in Chief 
JUUA KULLA-MAD£R • MEGAN SMITH 

Managing Editors 
TABITHA GRANSHAW • LAURA KNIGHTEN 

Copy Editors 
LEENA SHANKAR. ERIKA SNIDER 

News Editors 
JESSICA SCHEPI'MANN 

Features Editor 
MARC COMER 
Opinion Editor 

WARD HAN 
Associate Opinion Editor 

JAKE GORDON. JOHN MAYNARD 
Sports Editors 
TRAVIS HIU 

Associate Sports Editor 

UNDSAY SWORSKI 
Hiatus Editor 

DAVID LEE 
Associate Hiatus Editor 

USA HUFF 
Photo Editor 
JUUUS.CHOI 

Associate Photo Editor 
JOHN BARBER 

Graphics Editor 
NICK RUNCO 
Design Editor 

BRIAN W1KNER 
Web Editor 

EDITORIAL ASSISTANTS Jesse Fisher. Vincent Gragnani. Nllou Mostofl. Scott Shibata 
S_ STAFF WMTERS 

John Barber. Jeff Barker, Bill Burger, Genevieve Co., Theodore Ookko. Vincent Gracnani. Mary 
Higgins. laura Knighten, Oave Lubitz. Annam Manthiram. Nllou Mostat •. Jenny Nicholson. 

Simone Santini . Mar'k Smith. Tommy Vu, Scott Yager 
STAFF WRITERS 

Jema Barclay. Sh8fYlOO Castle. Brent [)on. Beflrand Fan, Karl Friedman, Brooke Garrettson. 
)em,fer Grady. Jeremy Gray. Sola Kim. ~ Myrick. Christine Pangan. Jacob SchecI1ter. EYO Senuly 

IUUSTRATORS 
Mike Belle. Kristine Chang. Austin HSla. AJice Un. Joe Pan. Josephine Roberts. Nicholas Runco 

DESIGNERS Karen Tran. Thomas weng 
COPY READERS Alison Norris. Kev.n Byrne 

WEB DESIGNERS Sam Payne-Tingleff. Mark Stickel 
COMPUT£R SUPPORT David Glicksman 

MIKE' MARTINEZ 
Advertising Art Director 

ANN BAREFIELD 
Business Manager 

YVETIE ALCALA 

BROCK HALTER 
Advertising Manager 

Assistant Business Manager 
ADVERTISING ASSISTANT Melody Gonzales 

CIRCULATION ASSISTANTS 
Jason Allen, Phillip Goldman. Jake IndlCh, Jacob Meyberg. Brady Phelps. Nate Smith 

ADVERTISING DESIGN. LAYOUT John Barber, Casey BUltenhuys. ~atle !teenan. Sky Frostenson 

The UCSD GuarOlan IS published Mondays and Thursdays dunng the academiC year by and for 
the students of UCSD. Reproduction of thiS newspaper In any form. whether 10 whole or In 
part. Without permission IS Strictly p(ohlblted. C 1999. all rights reserved. The UCSD Guard,an 
IS not responSible for the return of unsoliCited manuscripts or art. The ViewS expressed herein 
dO not necessarily represent the opinions of The UCSD Guardian. the Unrversity of Cahfornia or 
the ASSOCiated Students. The UCSD Guardian Is funded solely by advertiSing. 
We 10Ye you Annl You say 'Jump! ' We say 'hoW hCh?' $2.800 and hOlding. 

News/Features: 534·5226. General Editorial: 534-6581 
Opinion/Sports: 534·6582. Hiatus: 534·6583 
AdvertiSing Office : 534-3466. Fax: 534·7691 

e-mail : guarcJian@Ucsd.edu 
Guardian Online: hrrp://www.ucsd.edu/guardian/ 

UCSO Guardian, 9500 Gilman Drive 0316, 
La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 

Actualloca!1on: Second Roor. UCSO Student Center Building ·A· . Rm. 217 

The UCSD Guardian Monday. April 26, 1999 

ETCETERA ••• 
OfafearHeR BY JOHN BaRBeR 

BRIEFLY ••• 

Price Center Celebrates Anniversary 
This Wednesday from noon to 3 p.m. the 

University Centers will sponsor a party in celebration 
of the Price Center's 10th anniversary. 

Live swing music will be played by Big Time 
Operator, and the first 1,000 people to attend will 
receive free birthday cake and punch. Anniversary 
mugs, balloons and other party favors will be distrib-
uted. 

During Ihe party there will be a raffle featuring 
prizes ranging from a free round-trip ticket to Europe 
on Virgin Atlantic Airways, a Raleigh C-30 bicycle, a 
karaoke pizza party at RounO Table Pizza to movie 
passes for the Price Center Theater. 

For more information, call 534-EDNA. 

Professor to Address History of 
U.S. Political Participation 

Mi~hael Schudson, professor of communication 
and sociology, will lecture on the practices and ideals 
of citizen involvement in politics from colonial times 
to the present. The lecture will be held Wednesday at 
4 p.m. in Hojel Hall in the Institute of the Americas 
Complex. 

The free . lecture, titled "The Social 
Transformation of American Citizenship," is the first 
in a series of Faculty Research Lectures sponsored by 
the San Diego Division of the Academic Senate. 

Schudson. who recently published a book titled 
The Good Citizen: A History of American Civic Life, 
is also the author of The Power of News, Watergate in 
American Memory: How We Remember. Forget and 
Reconstrtlct the Past and Rethinking Popular 
Culture. 

Schudson is co-director of the UCSD Civic 
Collaborative, a new endeavor launched by the uni-
versity to facilitate dialogue between the San Diego 
community and UCSD faculty through community-

ERRATA .... 

oriented research and teaching. 
Schudson has been a professor at UCSD since 

1980. 

UCSD Hosts Sixth Annual . 
National Diversity Confer.1ice 

The sixth annual Leadership Alliance national 
conference, Student Empowennent Strategies for the 

. 21 st Century, will be held April 28 through May I at 
the Doubletree Hotel in Mission Valley. 

The conference will address cross-cultural values, 
multiracial and racial identities and intercultural 
communication. UCSD will serve as official host for 
the conference. 

More than 500 college and high school students 
- along with teachers, advisors and administrators 
from all 50 states - will attend the conference. The 
conference is the only one in the United States on 
diversity and race relations that includes a consor-
tium of K-12. higher education, business, industry 
and government. 

This year's keynote speakers include Maria Root, 
'a clinical psychologist from Seattle, Wash. who is a 
leading authority on the development and social 
issues raised by the "biracial baby boom," UCSD 
Chancellor Robert Dynes, who will speak on 
"Charting a Course for Diversity" and Evelyn Hu-
DeHart, chair of the Department of Ethnic Studies at 
the University of Colorado at Boulder, who will 
speak on "Redefining America: The Politics of 
Multiculturalism." 

The Leadership Alliance is a non-profit. multicul-
tural organization founded in 1993 by San Diego 
educators and business and community leaders to 
address elementary and higher education issues relat-
ed to race, gender, ethnicity and diversity. 

For more information, call 420-0971 . 

• In the April 19 photo titled "Take Back the Night," the Guardian incorrectly stated that this year's 
rally was first such rally at UCSD. A 'Take Back the Night" rally took place at UCSD in 1992. The 
Guardian regrets the error. 
• In the sports story "For a 'Soul Cause' ," (April 22) the Guardian neglecte<! to credit the article. The 
story was by John Maynard, Sports Editor. The Guardian regrets the ~rtor. 

Monday. April 26, 1999 

ARMENIAN: 
Schools offered 
money by Turkey 
Continued from ..... 1 
haunt Armenians and concerned 
citizens worldwide," Mirzaian 
said. 

"To deny the Armenian 
Genocide is like telling a Jew 
that the Holocaust never 
occurred, insisting to a Japanese 
American that the concentration 
camps of World War II were real -
ly luxury hotels lor) arguing 10 
an African American [that) slav-
ery was an institution that blacks 
wanted, needed and loved," he 
added. 

Last year, the Turkish govern-
ment offered UC Berkeley millions 
of dollars to establish a Turkish 
studies program and build a 
Turkish archive. Their historical 

APPEAL: 
Decision expected 
early this week 
ContInued from ..... 2 
He said that had he kno~n the for-

. mat, he might have brought the 
other four elections committee 
members who voted for Boggs' 
disqualification to testify. 

Ru said in his closing argument 
that an actual case of harassment 
had never been proven. 

"If it was proven that Justin 
actually harassed the accuser, it 
would be a different story," Ru 
said. 

Ru also said that because 
Wikner, Root and Haji did not take 

archives, however, do not have any 
records of the genocide. Turkey 
also offered UCLA $250,000 to 
implement a Turkish studies pro-
gram. 

Both UC Berkeley and UCLA 
rejected the offers, but Princeton 
University, Portland State 
Universi ty and Georgetown 
University have all establi shed 
such programs and archives. 

Mirzaian said that as a result of 
the establishment of these pro-
grams, inFormation on the 
Armenian Genocide will become 
more skewed. 

"It will become more and more 
difficult to di stinguish between 
truth and disinformation, and mud-
dle out fiction from fact," Mirzaian 
said. 

Other ASA members said that 
this issue evokes unpleasant emo-
tions from them. 

"My most strongest feeling is 

their complaint to the college judi-
cial board, their intentions might 
have been to "make [Boggs') life 
hell and see what happens." 

In his closing arguments, 
Fitzgerald said he felt that after 
three hours of discussion, the elec-
tions commitlee disqualified Boggs 
because he violated the elections 
Qylaws. 

"What happened was wrong and 
we felt we had to do something 
about it," Fitzgerald said. 

"As election commitlee chair 
and as A.S. elections manager, I 
have to follow the bylaws and I fol-
lowed the bylaws," Fitzgerald 
added. 

Fitzgerald also said that the A.S. 
elections bylaws are clear in their 

The UCSD Guardian 

anger. It's not sadness anymore 
because it was such a long time 
ago. It's mostly anger." David 
Zohrabian said. "It's almost like 
an open wound and it hasn't 
healed until Turkey recognizes 
it." 

Mirzaian also said that he hopes 
people of the world will not forget 
what happened to the Armenian 

'people in 191 5. 
"Armenians and people of good 

conscience will not allow the 
world to erase the atrocities com-
mitted under the Young Turk 
Government. They will not tolerate 
any more lies, will not fear 
Turkey's intimidating tactics .. . I 
speak as one student of Armenian 
descent, but I carry with me the 
memory of 1.5 million Armenian 
martyrs, the memory of 1.5 million 
innocent lives lost this century 
because of genocide," Mirzaian 
said. 

references to candidate conduct. 
"Whal it says in here is 'campus 

policies' and I think it's pretty evi-
dent that campus policies includes 
the student conduct code," 
Fitzgerald said. "We all knew what 
we were talking about. It 's pretty 
clear in here what an intimidating 
environment is and what fighting 
words are." 

A.S. Chief Justice Tyler Bamett, 
who presided over the matter, 
adjourned the hearing and board 
members began deliberations. 
Barnett said that the decision 
should be released either late 
Tuesday or early Wednesday, and 
Ihat the decision will be posted on 
the office window of A.S. 
Executive Secretary Anna Mason. 

NEWS 3 

------------------------1 
MOTOROlA MOroROI.A 
ADVISOR ULTRA EXPRESS ~mJ~~~~~CXfl~ 16·nleSS&gC rrM!fTO')' . Alotm 
(~~~ '~~~!,?!b% . ro"'" & do", stamp · 5 musiCal <!len 

MOTOROlA 
EXPRESSXTRA 

$ag'39 $4499 
2O·messoge merTlOl'f • TIme & do .. 

stamp · 7 musICal alerts · ABm $5299 
All prices include acnvauon; 2 months' tree seMce; two )'tars free voice mall. unlliTliled paging; and 

Southern California, Phoenix and LAs Ves_s coverage. Some Ie5UlClions apply 
AC11VATE YOUR PRE-OWNED PAGER 
~~. ai~ime prepald. two)'tin $ 6 99,..,ludts 2 months' _ceo two~ ... 
tree \/OIee mali and tru activation fr •• """. maol .rod fr .. acUy"""" 

YEARS FREE VOICE MAIL ON ANY ACTIVATION! GIFT 
PAGE ... ~ CERTIFICATES ~ r .. ..::, AVAILABLE 

5597,B Ctaftmont Mesa Blvd. (In Madison Square Shopping Center) 619/268·9898 
• MOndty lhru fm::NY 10 GO am to b 00 pm - s.tl.U'day 11 00 am 10 4 00 pm· VIst • M.sttrC.td _ 

AmcnClnb;PI'n s· DIscover· N(w customtn onty Musl prr:stnt ad OltelS rxPlft 5 / )198 

------------------------

Cheap tickets. Great advice. Nice people. 

Discover Australia 
MILLENIUM PACKAGES: 

Sydney 2000 Olympics, 16 day tour, 
FLY FREE-$2545. pIp. See the 
rainforest & the Great Barrier Reef, 
LAX to Sydney on Air New Zealand, 
rate based on double occupancy. 
1999 dates also available: 
05/14, 06/ 04,06/25,07/02,07/16 
07/23, 07/30,08/13,09/10 

In-hou .. Au .. le Specialist 
Tour, bus , ho'stel & airpass options . 
Contiki Diving Adventure Packages or 
Skiing in New Zealand ... call and ask for 
Claire, our Australian SpeCialist. 

SAMPLE FARES FROM 
LOS ANGELES: 
• Auckland $719 
• Sydney $798 
• Melbourne $859 
• Cairns $931 
• Perth $1266 

CIEE: Council on ~ 
InwrnationaJ 
Eduulional Exchange: 

UCSD Price Center 
email: CouncllLaJoIlaOclee.org 

(619) 452-0630 

Service provided by: LOWEST PRICE 
GUARANTEED!** 

PACIFICCBELL 
Wireless 

NOKIA 
CO\;I'o"ECTII>G P EOI'Lc 

5190 

NOKIA 
Cl.lr\'''ECTIr;G 1'1. 0l'LL 

6190 
Price 

Instant Rebate 
2-YrCredit 

CompCity Rebate 

$299 
-100 
-50 
-49 
$99 

® AfOTOROLA 
G520 

Price $149 
Instant Rebate -100 

2-Yr Credit -50 
CompCity Rebate -49 

FREE + $50 BACK 

,----------

: Free Car Adapter 
I ~ W/Any Activation ~(omp(lt~ ___ ~"Plr~5I~ 

I Free Leather Case 
I (~ W/Any Activltion ~ OmPLI[Y Offer expl, .. 5110199 
I Free Vibrating Battery ~r 
I Color Face Plate or Vibra 
I Clip or Lighted Antenna ! c~pCity w/Any Nokll Actlvltlon 
L _____ ~~~·~~ 

Pure Digital PCS' Q"' __ 
• WHEN ACTIVATED ON DIGITAL 800 OR HIGHER PLAN. WITH A 2 YR CONTRACT, \ ,,~ 

AND MAINTAIN SERVICE FOR A MINIMUM OF e MONTHS. MENTION THIS AD TO ~ 
RECEIVE SPECIAL PRICES . •• COMPCITY WILL BEAT ANY ADVERTISED PRICE. OHer expires 5/ 10/99 

6755 Mira Mesa Blvd 
Ste 114 
(Located 2 Miles East of B05) 

~ [ompCity (619) 622-1900 La~~VI"" Mffa Mesa Blvd Localod In PIIII Sorrtnlo 



4 OPINION The UCSD Guardian Monday. April 26, 1999 

INION 

r 

'e' ~ ... '7 : ) . ) Y ' ," ,. ' ,.. ;.- "." 

r~e' : .:'"" /,.: ! j ~ .'. ~ ~ { .' . v / ~ U'" . . , , ! "t / j ,$ ; > : . V .. , 
A centrally located trolley station will benefit students 
by alleviating transportation and parking problems 

Experts have already decided that a central trolley 
station will not benefit the entire UCSD campus 

By Ward Han 
Associate Opinion Editor 

A a campu notorious for bad parking 
and bad public transportation, the prospe(.t 
of a trolley coming to UCSD sounds 
promising. The location of the La Jolla sta-
tion is crucial to how much of an impact the 
station will have On the parking and public 
tran portation problem, 

One option is to place the station on the 
west side of campus, by Gilman, which is 
much clo er to the bulk of undergraduate 
activitics. Chancellor Robert Dyne and the 
admini stration have consistently resisted 
this location. The other alternative i to 
place the stati on on the ea tern side of 
Interstate 5, by Thornton Medical Center. 
UCSD tudents would benefit much more 
from the west side location. 

The trolley could alleviate the parking 
problems plaguing UCSD right now. With 
4,416 student parking spots open for 18.000 
students on the main campus, only those 
who arrive an hour early or tho e who are 
very lucky can find a spo~ from 10 a.m. to 3 
p.m. 

As a result, motorists often are forced to 
park at a "B" or "A" pots to attend a lecture 
or test on time. only to find a ticket on their 
wind hield when they return to the car. In 
fac t, according to a survey conducted by the 
UCSD Transportation and Parking Services, 
Revelle, Warren. Muir and Roosevelt parking 
lots have no paces available from 10:30 
a,m. to around 3 p.m. That is not news to any-
one who has tried to park at these parki ng lots. 

Park and Ride, which is parking at the 
trolley stop and riding the trolley to a de ti -
nation, can solve thi s problem easi ly, The 
tro lley parking lots wi ll expand the available 
parklllg at UCSD. tudents already take 
advantage of Park and Ride to go to Tijuana 
all the time; they can do the ame to get to 

campus. 
Students will more likely use the Park-

and-Ride system if the trolley came to the 
main campus in tead of the east campus. 
UCSD senior Hamed Aryafar drives to 
chool everyday and paid clo e to $400 for 

hi s parking permit. He finds campus parking 
a nightmare and would love to have the trol-
ley come to campus. 

However, Aryafar said that he would 
probably not Park and Ride if the clo est 
place the trolley would drop him off is by 
the Medical Center. This is not entirely sur-
prising considering that there are always 
spaces available at East parking, North park-
ing and Medical Center parking lots accord-
ing to the urvey. 

Face it , people just do not want to walk 
all the way across the freeway to the main 
campus. For example, it takes about 40 min-
utes to walk from Thornton Hospital to 
Center Hall. A huttle bus is available, but 
there is also a considerable waiting ·time for 
shutlle buse , and a person who finds a full 
shull Ie has to wait for the next one. In addi-
tion, a person may even need to transfer 
shullie hu es from Thornton Hospital to get 
to thei r class. 

For those students without a car, a trolley 
stop in the middle of the campus is extremely 
beneficial. The existing public transportation 
service in La Jolla is not efficient. The be t 
bus lines have a bus come by every 30 min-
utes. LeSs. popular buses come every hour. 

Students who cannot afford to live in La 
Joll a are even worse off. Taking the bus from 
places such as downtown San Diego or 
Mi ssion Valley takes more than an hour, The 
trolley will help this problem, regardless of 
where the final stop is, ea t or west of the 
highway. The enti re problem will not be 
so lved because some tudents still need to 

See TROLLEY, Page 6 

By Jeffrey M. Barker 
Senior Staff Writer 

San Diego Trolley's branching out to 
UCSD is sure to allay ome of the woes of 
kyrocketing gasoline prices and lack of 

parking space . The rail system will also con-
nect the university - from its elite La Jolla 
address - to the rest of the city whose name 
it bears and will unleash campus-locked stu-
dents onto all the communities of San Diego. 

The benefits of a UCSD-San Diego 
Trolley relation hip are not being argued. 
What is being bickered about is whether the 
station linking our campus to San Diego 

s~ould go here or there - a few hundred 
yards to the left, or maybe a tad to the east. 
Like a fickle mother rearranging the living 
room furniture while the rest of the family 
lifts, sets down and lifts again, members of the 
UCSD community are pointing their fingers. 
to where they think a trolley station should go. 

Advocates for a central campus trolley 
station argue t~at a mass transit hub should 
be located at the center of activity for those 
whom it ervices. While this is true, these 
nameless people, 11\ ho would construct a 
trolley station in th e noontime shadow of 
Geisel Library, hav{' yet to figure out where 
the center of campus is. 

The UCSD campus is 1,200 acres large, 
split very nearly in half by Interstate 5. 

The Metropolitan Trar1sit Development 
Board (MTDB) is currently weighing the 
pluses and minuses of three possible 
option . 

One option is to build the station ju t east 
of 1-5, near Thornton Ho pital. Another is to 
have one west of 1-5, along Gilman Drive 
ncar Villa La Jolla Drive. The third option is 
to con truct both stations. one of them is 
anywhere ncar Geisel Library or the Price 
Center. 

MTDB, a IS -member board largely 

made up of county supervi ors (elected offi-
cials), ultimately decide where the trolley 
will pull into UCSD. 

Planners at MTDB realize that the trolley 
will not pick up and drop off students tomor-
row. The year 2010 is an early estimate. 
When advocates speak for a trolley station 
at the current center of campus, they do so 
without thinking. After opening their 
mouths, they may realize that the UCSD 
campus will look very different in 10 years. 

In a Leuer to the Editor of The San Diego 
Union-Tribune, James Langley, vice chan-
cellor of external relations at UCSD, writes 
that academic, housing and administrative 
buildings will be built east of 1-5 in the next 
15 years to accommodate an increase of stu-
dents to approximately 26,000. 

These buildings will join an already-in-
the-works scientific research park and an 
expansion of Thornton Ho pital. The Preuss 
School will also call east campus home. 

In 20 I 0, when the trolley finally tote 
students to class and faculty to work, a sta-
tion located alongside 1-5 will look more 
like central campu . 

"Faculty to work" is also a.key part of the 
planning. in determining potential rider hip, 
MTDB did not take into account only stu-
dents. Thornton Hospital and the upcoming 
research park will bring a lot of business to 
the trolley. A trolley station near Geisel 
Library, a opposed to one further east, 
would, for the most part, only benefit stu-
dents. 

In fact, most students would not even use 
the mass transit system. City busses current-
ly drop students off - for free - as close to 
class as Centep Hall 's front doorstep. 
However, more studenls choose to park in 
east parking and shuule to cia s rather than 
ride the bus, 

See LOCA~, Page 6 

Monday, April 26, 1999 The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

MERGING BUREAUCRACY WILL SAVE Us MONEY 
Editor: 

This is in response to the Nilou 
MostofilMarc Comer article 
("United or Divided?" April 22). 

I agree with the article about how 
wasteful it is to have five separate 
bureaucracies at our school. The 
majority of students at UCSD receive 
financial aid in some form, and we 
all have budgets and expenses to · 
walch. But the administration refuses 
to see this matter as a priority issue. 

We can save tens of thousands of 
dollars each year if we were to 
merge the bureaucracies together -
for instance, have two or three 
schools eliminate their services and 
staff, and choose to ~velop one 
office per each department. Schools 
would still keep their trademark 
names, student and academic pro-
grams, but all financial and univer-
sity issues would be dealt with at 
one central office or location. 

The need for so much support 
and administration staff from each 
college would not be necessary, 
and the red tape would be cut in 

.... 
An adventure in cards and gifts 

STUDENT 
DISCOUNT 

15% 
OFF 

ANY PURCHASEwlUC8D" 
mo Regents Road '114 

in the Vons Center (6-19) 450-0709 

find it 
set' it 

GU,\ROIIIN ClIISSIFIE.DS 
JUST FILL OUT 1\ FORM UPSTI\IRS 

IN THE. STUDENT CENTER 

Plan a caree4fA 
in California 
State Parks! 
Join a team of dedicaled professionals, 
helping protect Califomia's natural , 
cultural, and historic resources. 

Stllte Park Cadet 
(Ranger or Lifeguard): Staning Salary 
S2,326-S2.759/mo. 

Ace: You must be at least 18 years of 
age or older, 

Coadad: No felony convictions. 

EdudloB: Completion of two years 
or 60 units from a state 
accredited college or 
university. 

P\lyslul: Various physical requirements 
apply. Call for information , 

Flaal Flllnl Date: May 21 , 1999 

For more informltlon Cln 
(916) 654-0734, 

8 AM to 5 PM. or visit our website: 
hnp:/lwww.CIi-perks.ca.gov. 

We are an Equal Opportunily Employer 
Women and minorities are 

encouraged to apply. 

half, or thirds, depending on the 
number of colleges participating. 
Students would have access to 
more money for activities and liv-
ing upgrades, as each college 
would have one large budget rather 
than many smaller ones. 

We would also be able to meet 
more people and make more 
friends. as any student could . 
choose to live at any of the other 
college housing, or option out and 
live at specific "college only" units. 

It's a win-win situation. We 
would still maintain our identities 
as Muirons or Warrenite. It's just 
the bureaucratic system that would 
change. The time for change is now. 

Vincent Vasquez 
Executive Director 

Students for Lower Fees 

HMOs Jeopardlz. 
Health car. Quality 
Editor: 

Ask Patricia Wempren of La 

Lette,. t~g Editor 
The Guardian welcomes letters from 
its readers. All letters must be no 
~o",er than three pages, typed, dou· 
ble-spaced and signed. Letters must 
also contain a phone number. We 
reserve the right to edit for length 
and clarity. Letters may be dropped 
off at the Guardian office on the 
second floor of the Old Student 
Center. Send all letters to: 

The UCSD Guardian 
Opinion Editor 

9500 Gilman Dr. 0316 
La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 

Fax: (619) 534-7691 
e-mail: guardian@ucsd.edu 

Mesa why you should care about 
HMO liability. She should know. 
Her father, Honora Wempren, died 

after life-saving heart surgery was 
delayed by his HMO. 
Unfortunately, Wempren does not 
have the right to sue the HMO. 

Due to an obscure federal law 
called the Employee Retirement 
Income Security Act (ERISA), a 
person with health coverage 
through a private employer does 
not have the right to sue thei r HMO 
for wrongfully denying medical 
treatment. This means that the 
majority of Californians with 
health insurance are in the arne sit-
uation as Patricia Wempren ... pow- . 
erless. 

This fact is not lost on HMOs. A 
secret Aetna }IMO training video 
features a lawyer advising HMOs 
to deny quality health care for 
patients that do not have the right 
to sue. The current law clearly 
jeopardizes quality of care for the 
sake of HMO profits. 

California Senate Bill 21 (SB 
21), introduced by State Senator 
Liz Figueroa, would give people 
like Patricia Wempren a crucial 

remedy. Dubbed the Right-To-Sue-
Your-HMO Law, this legislation 
would allow all patients the right to 
sue their HMO for quality-of-care 
violations. 

State Scnator Dede Alpert, rep-
resenting San Diego's coastal com-
munities, is key in an upcoming 
vote on SB 21 in the Senate 
Appropriations Committee. She 
has not yet established a clear posi-
tion in favor of the bill. 

If you support the rights of San 
Diego consumers to hold HMOs 
accountable, then I strongly urge 
you to call Senator Alpert and 
voice your vote. Her district office 
number is (6 19) 645-3090. 

Call her now to let her know 
that you are counting on her to 
vote yes on SB 21 . Let her know 
that Honora Wempren 's death 
was unnecessary, preventable and 
an outrage ' that you will not 
ignore. 

Susan Mannon 
San Diego County 

Field Organizer 

28, 1. """ 
-3PM in the tllilzil 
NG MUSIC BY: 

BIG "TIME OPERATOR 
& Dancers from the UCSD BALLROOM DANCE TEAM 

FREE CAKE. PUNCH • 
MUGS • and MORE I 

sponsorec:l by 

ENTER THE RAFFlE AND WIN: 
• ROUND TRIP TICKET TO EUROPE 

ON VIRGIN AIRLINES 
Cou~ •• y _ Council Tr.vc' 

• A RALEIGH C-30 BIKE FROM THE 
UCSD BIKE SHOP 

• MOVIE PASSES 
• KARAOKE PIZZA PARTY 

@ ROUND TABLE PIZZA 
& MORE fit 



6 OPINlON 

International Stud ies Abroad 

~c 
Cl 

,'" 

. e\C, · com 
~ ., 

~ 
Spain 

France 
Argentina 

Chile 
Costa Rica 

Austral ia 
New Zealand 

..:: ~~ " www . • tvdic.oDroad . com o E Q) . . , "" . :~ '.' q 
Travel & Make $$$ 

Teach Engl!sh Abroad!!! 
ESL International offers an intensive TESL (Teaching 
English as a Second Language) Certificate program: 1 
mo. FT. 3 mo. PT. or via correspondence. Our graduates 
are working in North America and around the world! 
Free job placement assistance is available 
to program graduates who have 
completed a degree. 

Call Toll Free: 
1·888·872·1236 for info. 

The UCSD Guardian 

TROLLEY: 
Technical problems 
can be dealt with 
Continued from ,..e 4 
transfer bu es to take the trolley. It 
i not fair to make those students 
who already take more than an hour 
to get into La 10lla to take an extra 
40 minutes walking to their classes. 

The administration has pointed 
out that a trolley line in the middle 
of campus may disrupt equipment 

LOCATION: 
Students prefer cars 
to trolleys and buses 
Continued from page 4 

The number 34 bus, whose 
route twists through re idential 
areas in the immcdiate vicini ty of 
campu , drops off dozens of stu· 
dent at peak class times. The 41 
and 30. whose routes originate near 
Mis ion Valley and Mira Me a. 
drop off only two or three tudents 
at the same times. 

")' m not rea lly into mass trans· 
portation." said Cassandra Donovan, 
a Revelle junior who lives in Pacific 
Beach. She aid she's tried the trol· 

in some labs by causing vibrations. 
The San Diego Union Tribune 
("Trolley Station Site Stir 
Dispute/UCSD Resists One in 
Center of Campus," Apri l I, 1999) 
reported that these vibrations can 
be ufficiently muffled to prevent 
any disruption. 

The final location of the trolley 
stop will not be 'announced until 
late May. Until then, the 
Metropolitan Transit Development 
Board (MTDB) will hold more 
meetings to di scuss thi s issue. 

ley but prefers her own automobile. 
Another student who li ves in 

Hillcrest, a popular San Diego 
neighborhood for students. said the 
tro lley would not make much sense 
for her. 

Advocates of this "central cam· 
pus" trolley station forget that the 
dollar is the most important deci· 
sion maker. The potential ridership 
(a.k.a. potenti al revenue) would 
logically be based grea tly on pro· 
fe sors and researchers. ho pital 
outpatients and UCSD staff, rather 
Ihan on students who prefer their 
cars or who can take t he bus to 
Center Hall for free. 

What is more inane .is for the e 
prospective trolley riders (who 

u .. _ .. _, .. ___ £ ___ 
I !!flt=,·,t=a'·""'IJ 

Medical division of THE PRINCETON REVIEW 

friend, and 
. 

receive 
$500fn 

Monday, April 26, 1999 

Dennis Wahl from MTDB said that 
Dynes and other universi ty offi-
cials' opinions will be heavi ly 
weighed in their decision making, 
and they want the stop to be on the 
east side of the campus. While San 
Diego State will have their under-
ground rail station stop in the mid-
dle of it campus, UCSD probably 
will not. Public transportation will 
improve here at UCSD. but stu-
dent will not benefit from it. 

Selld commems and Leiters to 
the Editor 10 guardian@ucsd.edu 

want to reach the Price Center 30 
seconds sooner) to ask MTDB, 
who will foot the entire bill for 
construction of the rai I Ii ne, to 
spend a few more million dollars 
for 'that 3D-second convenience. 

The entiJe rail line up to UCSD 
is planned along the east side of I· 
5. To cross over the freeway would 
require a c;ostly bridge or sub-free-
way tunnel, said Dennis Wahl , 
MTDB project manager. 

Perhaps these elf-proclaimed 
campus planners who see no fur· 
ther into the future than the next 
five minutes should leave these 
decisions to the experts. 

Send comments alld Leiters 10 
the Editor to guardian @ucsd.cdu 

TRAVELER'S DEPOT 
• Discount Travel Packs 
• Travel Books, Maps 
• All your Eurall Supplies! 
• Locks, Cable Locks, 

Sleep Sheet, Pack Towel 
Tava Sport Sandals 
Rain Gear and 
all Accessories 

We're in PB just up the 
street from Council Travel 

at 1655 Gamet 
• 483·1421 

OPEN 7 DAYS A WEEK 
tH 1 Dam-6pm, Sat 1 

UCSD GUARDIAN 
MONDAYS Be 
THURSDAYS 

MAKE YOUR 
PARENTS 
S50,000 
HAPPIER. 

The Army now 
offers up to 
$50,000 for college 
for qualifying appli-
cants with the 
Montgomery G.1. 
Bill plus the Army 
College Fund. 

To find out more, 
ca ll your local 
recru iter at: 

La Jolla 
619,488,2781 

ARMY. 
81 ALL lOU CAM 81. 

www.goarmy.c0..!.l . 
' .' j •• • • 

Monday. Apri l 26. 1999 The UCSD Guardian 

Are you ready for fun and exciting career opportunities? 
Then come see what Nokia is all about! 

April 29th, 1999 
12:00 Noon - 3:00pm 

U(SD Library Walk 
Win a free NOKIA Phonelf-! Eat Free Food! Play fun-filled games! 

(Food will be served from 12:00·1:30 p.m.) 

Representatives from NOKIA will be available to discuss 
career opportunities. Bring your resume. 

"'See ottical rules for phone raffle. 

Experience The Fun Of Technology! 

NOKIA 
CONNECTING PEOPLE 

(0 NOKIA and NOKIA Connecting ~Ie are req~teted 
trademarks of NOKIA Corporation. 

Sponsored by NSBE 

7 



fiNE ARTS 
April 1 t-IIIy 2t 

• 4:ll p.m. Visual AI1s Facilily PI!IfomwIce Space . .... ~ SerItI: Spring I • . ConIeft'!lOIIlY 
rim m poets 01 naml am itemalirlal aa:lain wi! read !rom their worn. 

ACADEMIC SERVICES 
Ongoing 

• SIllily AbrOId illWlOOOIII The Propns Abroad atEe oilers 0f'90i19 a<Msing lor s1udenIs 
ilIemted il itemational oppor1Iriies. VU our office lIld bary il tie lrterNlirlal Cert. Of r:al53+ 
1123. 
• PropIIIar l1li SIudy 01 ReIiIiaI UIIIIIrgnduIIe o.,.lrIIInIIIon: The P10pn lor !he ~ 
01 Religion wi hoIl ~ alice hoIn lor prospediYt sIOOns who willi ~ IeIm mort aIW lie re-
ed( mised ~ rnajlr. rWlIe rnajot' WId rNloI.- illle 'SI1IIy r:A AeIgIJn'. 
51141 by I'ft9lIII1 0IIice. ~ 500. ~ 9 l.m.lIld IWIII'f w.ttesdIy til qunr II yow 
1XIIMI1ience. FOI mort no cal tie SIuctt 01 ReIigion's 0IIice II 534-l1849 01 Yiltlle .... II hlp'R 
OfIhUs·ucsd.er»IIisDy/reigb1.ttn. 

HEALTH & fiTNESS 
1'IIurIdIy,,, 21 

• t£Al.TIf'ROFESSIONS CAREER FAiRI Coma tall to tIIII1 proIeaianIls lIld IeIm rnonI aIW Ihe 
meclcal car ... I'll hI'/8 represerUMs Irorn pIrfsIcin .~. dInIiIIs, emergency merbI 
tedls. and nu:h more. BlIroom A. S:3O-8p.m. 

0nt0inI 
• STUDEHr I£ALTlt is her. tOf YOUt We're a lui serW:e en: l1l*I 10 AI.I. regisIerId sIudenIs. 'Iou 
IDI' need heaI1 iIsIrn:e to use 011 servic8s! AppomIr1Is lor phyIiciIn visIIs lIld!!*iIIY r:ti:s. 
cal 534-8089. Wal-il ~ urgent CMe weeIuIIys kIH~ (Wed 9-4~). 
• ......... iIIo SIuiaM avaiIIIIItlrorn SIuderC HllllAOIocIIII. t..IlIlOIl yow SIlIIII heaI1. 
STD's, birtlcorWI, lIld geneoaI hull. Wale il session II 5111in HeIII1 on Fridlys ll lla.m. -Ofea! 

B22-1345Iori'lrtlDal~. 
• e,.,..., CaoncIptioft. amualeans. STO tesls.prepqll11s. bitlanot~ l 
hellII erilcallln · al II Women's Ctic, 51 .... Heallh. Cal S34-8089Ior~. ~ CCIIIftrIIII. 
lIoI - liwaysl 
'AIIfIorIymouI HVlllling al SIuder!I~IIh! \\ll1e" to siIJ1,.., alille HealhAMex. Iisllklor. $10 
charge ilc*Jdes pre- and pos!-r:oooseIilg. OuesIions? Cal a heaIh erilcaior al 534-2419. 
• Need CONDOMS???? Gel 'Ir!l dleip aille StudenI Heal! PIwmacy. 
• CIIoIIItIflll Tilt. al StOOeni Healh · si!11 ~ al tie IisII\:lor buletil board lor your IjlPOimlerC.A 

seI~est thai lakes on~ a lew rmLles 01 your tinel sstee. 
• FREE Nutrtioft CounHting al 51tJ1ent ~Ih! YOO' ~ ildudes a COfTIIIIIerized. peISOI1Ii 
assessment. Make your appoillmenliOOay1 CaR 53H089. 
• SludIn1 HIIIIII is here lor YOUI We're a I~ servi:e cilI; open 10 All registered students. You IDI' 
need hea iI!I ilsImce 10 use our serv.cesl Appoil1menIs lor physician viUs and specialy ci1i:s -cal 
534.al89. Wa' iI ~ Urgent Care weekdays eam-4::J)pm. (Wed. 9-4:3Opm) 
.1ndI¥iduII r •• AII .. _ -al RIMAC evety Man l Wed, 5-8pm. Wa. illolhe Wetless Room. 
2rd Ibof. A FREE SIUdenI servi:e pro'liled by SIIIIent ~1I1 AdYocales! Cal S34·2419lor more i1Io! 
• Ooft, Go In liII Ocunl ~ leaS! not ttli yrYoIve had your Hepatitis A shelIsl U you SUft or swin illle 
ocean. lXlOSilerimulizations to proter:tyour heaJll. Two srots· Smonthsopart -$60 each. Walk iI 10 
StOOeni Heall1M-F 8-11 am; Wed. 9-11iWTl. 
• HEAIlACHESIlI Who needs 'em? Visilthe HudIcIIt Clinic al SluderI ~Ih and gel ~! No 
dlarge 10 registered sluden~. Cal S34.all9 tor your apponment. 
• Student Heall1 AIMlcale plO'lide ,.. Educalioft PIopnI on Nutrtion. HIV. Fhss. Stress & 
oller topics-at your res hal or student org meetirgs! Cal 534·241 9 lor iltooo Ihese FREE prt)!JaII1S! 
• Low Coil PIIwmIcy- Over·the<Wlter iems (cokIlMdi:iles. arUcids. bandalls. Yitarnils. ski! 
care products. sooscreen. oontraceplNe products. contact Ierls products. etc.) al al <iscoool pri;e~ 
localed illhe liS!iklor 01 Student Healh. Open M-F Barrr4::J)pm. Wed 9arrr4 :~. • 
, CPR and Frst AId CIuHI al Siudert Health! Classes held al Studenl HeaIIh - lilJ!111 by Ameri:an 
Red Cross-certlied nslruclOlS. Take CormlIIlity CPR. Slardard First Aid (will Reference EIooIc) -allor 
$25.00! S9114l soon -classes I. ,.., ~Iy! Come to 2nd 1m 01 Student Haalh Center. or e'i1'ai 
PiJiIoOucsd.e<IJ 10 sq, up. 
• Gel PubIIshldl ~Ith Beal is a studert publicatilo locusi1g on health issues. ' you have talent iI 
wrtilg, ~ desql, or layout. WE NEED YOU! E-mai Ihe editor al heaItilealOucsd.eW 
• A-C-fI-E Is a ioo' IetterWOfd! Cure hi StuderI Healh. Cal S34.al89 and make an appoi1tnerI aille 
Dermantl 

CLUBS & MEETINGS 
TuetdIy, April 27 

• UTS EIec:tIOllS. The lJnOl 01 Jewish Sludents needs you 10 ~ secure ILltle~. Come vote 
or roo lor a posmn aIS.OOpm n!he CCC.1rl0:822-1047. 

WIdneIdIy, April 21 
• PRE-MEDICAl ASSOCIATION OF STUDENTS FOR SERVICE! (P.A.S.s.) Gene!all!cxt1 Meeti1g 
Come and be act;;e n YOlO' conmJliy. 7-8pm. CSOOJI. 

Th .. ldIy, April 21 
• Oa~s Scieroce li:tioo Dilner YII be allndia Tai. on Clainlonl Mesa. Meet ilthe Darbtar <JIb 
(room 212. old SIOOent Center) aI6:45pm. FOf rides an1 a brie! meeti1g. 1rI0: 58&9452. 

Saturdoy. 1IIy 1 
' Dartslar's weektt~ meeti'gYli be at the NOIfl ConI. RoOfn ilille Oil SIOOent Cenle<. lprn-1? 
We'l have tons ~ games & tons ofl1l1l r.Io: 586-9452. . 

0ftg0Ing 
• Cide K MeetiIg 7 p.m. al Galery A illle Price Center MI'f Monday. Come I you want to ~ aLI 
your cormUliy. Contad JuIe lor more i1o. al 919-2745. 
' l.oo/(i1g lor ilelectual stmJlallln? Discuss and debate hoIlC4lics such as ru:lear proIiIe<alion. cb1-
i1g, !he enviOImint. and the ethical use 01 science and lectnoIo!w will SIudIM ,....... USA! 
Come eYelY oller Wmesday startiYJ 4114 ~irs iI Oil 51111er1 CinttI Roan 12 al S p.m. AI ileas 
arewetomel 
'1nI11'f1l1lty ChrII1iIn F~ Come dev~ you r~ MIl God lIld meet cool people, 
No experience necessary. Thllsdays at 7:ll p.m. AevelelMuir at HSS 2250. MaIlhaVNarrenlEAC at 
Sols t04. 
• UCSO·. 8ahom 0 __ Club hoIls FREE Friday Fill Sessions evety FrIIay lrom 2-4 p.rn. ilihe 
North Balcooj oIlheMail Gym. Come LEARN and PRACTICE dances it: HusIIe. Ola-Cha. Swilg, 
Tango. Wall ard more' Also keep II'f I!ft 1M lor !he cI.il·s ~nerty FREE darces. 

LECTURE 
Wemtsday.Apri 28 
• Hear Don Kuti:k. Dept. 01 Mfhrr.\lob1I. Stoc*hoin 1kWersity. Sweden speak on 1he PIeasIIe ~ 
PtosIMln: GerderNIOItl Anmg Bralian T ransgendered ProstiIAes .• 12:t59111. Cross QiII1I Center. 
• 'Myf!s 01 Moden't( Pidc leclure by Fredric JamtIOIl. Cross CuIurII Center. 4:Jlp.m. 

The UCSD (i uard ian 

RELIGIOUS SERVICES 
FridIy, "II 

• HaIV9II CIIiIiI1 F~ milts w.y Frilly rijllil 7:3). ThiI week WI are mIIti1g at lie 
Price Ceft. em. Hope 10 1M you .... 1 

0IIgairIt 
• line ........ willi .... II1II WO w.y Frilly '*Iilg II S p.rn.. 'rbIJ d1oi:e 013 ShIbbat 
seMces: Reform. ConseMM. or 0!Il0d0x. Cal 534-2521 tOr mIIIIl*IItnIIIon. . 
• UtMnIy lIIIIIrII CIMRII iwiIrII you ~ our WIIIrII ~..w:. on SII1dIy II 10:15 a.m. 
and tree ~ lIP and bIJIe sIuIt, -V Wed. II S p.m. N LJ JoIII ShorIs DI'. (jill cit 

~)4SJ.(&t. 

SERVICES (, WORKSHOPS 
...." ... 
'~DldllraIllllWlg"r9tIllcillllMII"r9t-'AiIIII&oIlIOIUIIripIlor"lIld 
....... SIaIonIInJm noon-l:l)pm lIld 4::IHIpm. 

....... .. fI 
• ~ InrIiiUI ConIIManI. Thn .. III .... arUIiarIIlrorn It-2pm II lie 
'NooMl'. Cen1II. 
• GrIdIIII ..... II a..IIry IIIIIIIIDcMI*y. PnI rIIarIIIan 01 PfII*IIirI\, eppbIIln 
pnlCISS. mort. 2'.ll pm .. c... SIMr:II CtnIIr. CeI SJ4.375O. 

........ 
• ~~"""'IorI1OlPil"'dIIIbIIIIlnI_oI"'lIdnIkJgieI. 
12 noon-lpmll .. en..<:utIInI cair. WIll ScXII Hllllol CADRE. 
• 011IIII ScIIaaI: ............ _ ........ to ..... ~ C8f88fSlMr:ll 
CtnIIr. GIl 534-3750. 

T1IInIIIr. .. 21 
• C-fIIId 011lII0I1111101· .. tiAJry. arm ..... r9ts InlIIIIJOIIIIiIIII CIIIIId by lie 
lew. FIOm «pm II" Wanw!', Cen1II. 
...... __ ........ WarIrL Wllli1d1 ~ CEOol .. USE ()d 
lklioft. Hosted by UCSO SUIIrt,.... II tie c... SIMr:II cn.r. ~ C1153+3750. 

$IhMJ,..,l 
• ~c.w CcNIIIrwe. ~flIIPOIU!iIylor'*"*lIld ...... lDlor:uIlI1C1-
_ issues ~ 101irr1-4!Jm1l Cen1II Hal. 1ft lOt. FOIitJ C11534-37500f-'1ICId." 
cscIparen1s3.tmt 

ApriI2WO 
• SciItICIlnlllallclllnllrvillr ..... MI~ 8If1IIDyen rxrW:1i1g iteMlwllor _ pGIi-
lions (alIt Car .. SeMces Center. 2rd Iblr). Tmes lIld dales vary. Open ~ Irin InI pUll 

SUIInts~by.hlle 1999. FOIiIfIlIoVeISWlditJ!J)~WWWG:.IICId.~ 
CaI534-44n 

TlwougIIIIIy2I 
• On-Carl'4Jl& irleMews .t lie Car .. Services Cert • . HIIOedI 01 major ~ wi conduct 
i1IeMews lor car .. posIions. TIllIS WId dates vary. AI iterYiIws hekt 11 iIe c...r s.-
Centel. 2rd 1IDor. To 1M w1Ich iIfIlIoVeIS are sc:IlIQAed WId ~ S91 ,..,. go ~ ... «.IICId." 
cso"JSIor1C3m.l'in. Don' rriss si!11,.., deadIiles. Open ~ serm WId ~te studerU pUtilg 
by Jooe 1999.534-4472. 

• VlIl IhI UCSO c.w s.mc. Ceatar orb at www-csc.ucsd.erlJloli1dout IIlOIl ~. IrIem­
ships. pi schooIlrlo. career opIbIs lIld many other vaWbIe resouIC8S. 
• NEED A JOB? Acce$s Ihoolands 01 P,I isIi1gs polled on Ile C8f88f SHes en .. , hOIne 
page al _.lICId.edU. Soorner jails. part.Jine ~. car .. poriions WId iternships. FOI 
more illonnatg, on paid~. ~ il to see 00' ntemshipAlMsor Monday IIrotqI ~riIIy I 
p.m. -4 pm. 2rd 1m. 534-4472. 
• App/yIftg to I'nIfIuIonIt Of GnduIII School? Fm aLI what you neer:\10 know IIbcM .-:a. 
lion proc«lns.lests. INnr:laI aid, WId Ie1tefs 01 reference al Ihe Career SetvIces Certer's Piales-
sional am Frmte S<:hooI 0pp0/U1Ities otIte. IncMiIII acMsi1g Is avaiJal:je by appoimwIt. 
Please visI us Monday fvou!1l Fridly 8 a.m. 10 4:3) p.m. or cal 534-4939. 
• MIld HItp EJIIIDrint ear. 0ptiDM or P1InIint en. Golla? Drop il to see • career arM-
$Of Moodily flIouoI1 Frilly 1:3IH p.m. at lie C8f88f SetvIces Center. 1Iorni1g appoitner1ts are 
also MiIbIe. Be sure ~ pidt,.., 0\1 Spmg Calenrlar 01 E'lilts from 0\1 hont desk 01 visI us rile 

al~.534-3750. 
• Do you '** KoIloI Of ~ atluse is tiredtt 01 i1dredIy Illec:ti'lgJOllIle? AIcaIIoII 
w..a ..... ,. c-.IcIn. Psyoj1oIogicaI & CotllIeII1g SeMr:es. Emtf 1619) 534-598t. 
CornIertilllrienrly. lree. 
• HnIng praIIIerM will your IInIIonI Of IOCIINIIIII? Wart ~ 1m aLI willi you can lID ~ resot.e 
~r siuallln? Come to tie LMmO'T8IWIt CInC. SporlSOIed by Student Legal SeMr:es. FOf more 
nlo cal 534-4374. 

OngoIng IIondIys 
• Grill Group. 1 :~~.m .• 242558. FOf studentsllllo haYe eJq)lrienced .. deIII 0I1iOO1e0111 
sq,iUlt. t.termers 1m ~ while II10Yilg "roIJ!11 bereavement. led by Narcy WaNig. 534-
5793. Cal Narcy 10 sq, 141. 
• long DiIIIIIcILM. 3:»5 p.m .• Women's Studies ConIerence Roan. Mur CoIegt. HSS2025. 
AI::hieYilg acadImic IUCmI is dilbllllIIfMI!#1.1U leis even more chaIInQIrG when IIyi1g ~ bUIll 
and maillaill kMl ~ wi1IIl pamer Of 5poUII1IIlo Ms lII..yil1'il N provides • 
IonJn lor men lIld women to discuss .., IlqJI!ieras lIld cqJi1g strategies. led by 1liiy Wolke. 
534-5905. Cal MIllY lor moll itJnnIIiJn or to ~ 1le!JOl4). 

OngoIng T...,. 
' .... II1II W-llallllld. C1IIIhrI: 9:» 11:00 I.m. T1is!JOl4) *' men lIld women IIIlo 
have experienced r:hHlOOd lIld a!IDIescerf sexual abuse lie opportIriy to oIiIIi1 JI4IPOII !rom 
otIets IIIlo '-hid sImIiIr .-.:es. ~ iICIII*' cqJi1g mec:Iw1iIms WId _ WId to 11-
pm .. tINIII _ ~. t.termers .. have lie thence ~ MIll*' mil lor dIIfI1g 
will ,.... ernm. IIId i'ICIIISe .., (1hIctf 1ontIIIIbte) 1IIiIence. The ~ 
pnMde IllI11Wi1mW11 w1Ich IikJws lor eJploration 01 lIlY Iar:1ors wIIidl mey '-
madesMi1g~mortrlliculA~""""""'1III .... iIIdIr 
II ....... led by Mirian ~ S34-0255 WId IIa!y WoiIIe. 534-5905. 
Cal Mirtern 01 MillY 10 ~tIe!JOl4). 
• EIpIartIg Yow en. I'ItII T1nt;IA CutUIf LIllI: 4:00 10 5:Jlp1ll. 
The IoIown;I Jopi:s wi be discussed: How lID Ilirpe aLI wIIidl major/ 
carllll is ri!IIIlOI me? How lID "'I cuIuIaI vHIes ilfklence"'l car .. 
choice? How lID I aJPI wW1 "'I perertsllllo disapproYe 01 "'I 

ma~/careel(:hoCe? led byCllil1ie FIDlaga. 534-5989. Cal 
Christie lor bcation IIId to sq, 141 lor lie IJOUP. 

OngoiIgWldl.-llyl 
~SuppaIIIhlp.2:3IH:30p.m. HaI 
Dome l.o\nJI. 1M CoIege. Fanily. pnU. ~ 

ncmcs.IriendI.~.cuMWldIfCldem. 
its -II llllel1emes lie elil*Jot 1:JIInI .. gDII 
01 pIuIIIO/llrorn UCSO.led by Rei1I Junz. 

WEEK Of APRIL 26 TO MAY 2 

Monday, April 26, 1999 

THE 
WEEKLY 

C,6\LENDAR 

Monday, April 26, 1999 The UCSD Guardian FEATURES 9 

(~ll \I([)I \"" I-I. \llIIZI.\ 
A c 

Laboni Patnaik 
- Junior, Warren College 
Major: Computer Science and Engineering 
Minar: Communications 
Age: 20 

aboni Pat-
naik 's life is 
comprised of 
two worlds 
that seldom 
overlap: com-
puter science 

and classical Indian dancing. This 
past Friday night, a few hundred 
UCSD students and other specta-
tors were treated to "An Evening 
of Odissi Classical Dance from 
Eastern India." at Mandeville 
auditorium. Laboni and her two 
younger sisters Shibani and Shali-
ni , both students a\ La Costa 
Canyon High School. were fea-
tured. The dancing. perfonned to 
live music played by visiting Indi-
an musicians, was deliciously 
beautiful. The Patnaik sisters and 
the guests perfonned both abstract 
dances and "expression" (story-
telling) dances. impressing the 
audience with their grace and art . 

You would thin.k that someone 

would have to do nothing else but 
dance and train to get this good. 
Far be it from the Palnaik sisters, 
however. to stop there; they are 
also high-achieving students. 
Shibani will be a freshman at 
Stanford next year. and Laboni is 
a Computer Science and Engi-
neering major at Warren College 
here at UCSD. She inanaged to 
find time to talk to the Guardian 
last Monday; 
You ............ you .er. 
....., rfCId? How did you 
,et Into It? 

When I was a lillie girl I want-
ed to dance. I was one of those lit-
tle kids that if you turned the 
music on, I'd just start dancing_ I 
loved it If I ever saw someone 
else dancing, I would be so infat-
uated with it 
How ... you .xpoMd to 
tIuIt ....... cIat.1CIII 
d..-" 

There's a lot of tours that take 

place, with musicians and dancers 
from India, and my parents are 
really interested. They would take 
me to those and [ would just love 
it So my mom [said), 'This girl 
has to learn dancing!" 

I learned from a woman who 
lives in Del Mar. With these 
things, the younger you start, the 
tl8sier it is. 

My sisters also wanted to learn 
it, so my parents were willing to 
accommodate us with whatever 
we needed. My parents have done 
so much. 

Dancing involved my parents 
driving us to L.A. every weekend, 
sending us to India, making sure 
we were comfortable there ... My 
parents have given us a tremen-
dous amount of support. I would 
say that we' re this serious about it 
and this dedicated to it because of 
my parents. Most little kids want 
to go outside and play instead of 
practicing at some point in their 

E 

Story by Hannah Griffith 
GUARDIAN REPORTER 

life. My mom gave us so much 
time and allention, she got us 
through all the rocky times_ Now 
we've seen the fruit of it. 
In wUt c.p8CItJ do you .... 
Jour ........... 
prot ••• Iondy? 

We perfonn a lot for multicul-
tural events; we were part of The 
Nations of San Diego for four 
years in a row, that's an interna-
tional dance festi val that takes 
place at the Lyceum Theatre in 
Horton Plaza. we do many things 
like that where we represent India. 
We' ve done lecture demonstra-
tions at uni versities: here at 
UCSD, for some of the dance 
classes, San Diego Stale, San 
Marcos Slate [and 10 public 
venues for) an educational pur-
pose. In September we danced 
with Madonna for the MTV 
Music Awards, to her song "Shan-
til Ashtangi." 
C .. you tel, .. I little 

Courtesy of Labanl Patnalk 

lII0I'1 IIbout that? 
Madonna's yoga teacher saw 

us dancing up at Venice Beach ... 
they sent us the tape [of the song), 
and said, "We want you to chore-
ograph this_" 

It's a Hindu prayer. We needed 
to know the meaning to choreo-
graph it, so we wrole it down and 
my grandparents (and other) peo-
ple who are more familiar with 
Sanskrit than my sisters and [ 
looked at it . 

We get asked a 10l. "What's 
Madonna like?" She's actually a 
really, really nice person. We've 
kept in touch with her; we' re 
expecling her for dinner on Fri -
day. She has a very sharp mind. 
she picks things up so fast. And 
when I say she picks things up, I 
mean, this was Indian dancing, 
and she already kind of knew the 
steps from a video we'd sent her. 
She's very sharp, she's very cre-
ative, she's very down to earth 
and she's very appreciative . 
AI ....... v .. ,...., 
....... cIat.tcli d...:e 
, ...... to .... otIIer'P 

Yes, they were all derived from 
a book called the Natya Shastra, 
which is kind of known as the 
dance bible. Il has the basics of 
Indian classical dancing from 
thousands of years ago_ Every-
thing. starting from stage selling, 
lighting. different hand gestures 
- we do a lot of different hand 
gestures, and they all mean differ-
ent things. So that [book) provid-
ed the basis for Indian classical 
dancing, and from there they split 
regionally. We're from east Indi a. 
and wha! we do - Odissi - is 
particular only to the state of Oris-
sa. 
Do ......... ce. pllY the 
...... rol.? I. dInce I 
c •• ebnltlon ., 1OIIMtth1.." 
... xpr ..... ., pr.,"'" 

It's a spiritual expression. It 's a 
way to express yourself. You can 
tell a story, you can just dance to 
music that doesn 't mean anything, 
but overall it's a very spiritual 
thing. It's very fonnal. 
WhIt ....,...,. I. It written 
In? 

D •• alllC III ........... The three talented Patnaik sisters pose In traditional costumes_ Laboni is on the right 

Sanskrit. No one really speaks 
Sanskrit these days. At home we 
speak Oria. My grandparents stud-

See DANCE, Page 11 

o N A I R 
..... '" t ••• , t ., 



10 FEA1URES The UCSD Guardian Monday. April 26, 1999 

PSYCHO THERAPY 
Growing up is getting more and more difficult (and deadly) 

MARY HIGGINS 
Senior Staff Writer 

I rented 'The Breakfast Club" 
la t week for old times' sake. Since 
then I've been thinking about that 
1980s Brat Pack tribute to troubled 
youth and realizing what a great 
movie it is - much more than ju t a 
teeny-bopper "screw you" to the 
high chool principal. The movie 
goc beyond the rebellious antics of 
Judd Nelson and his cohorts; it 's a 
depiction of the complex social rela-
tionships between teenagers, their 
literal "pack mentality" and the deep 
chasms of social boundaries. 

A profound film but a little melo-
dramatic, I thought to myself as the 
end credits rolled. Yes, there were 
cliques at my northern California 
high school and we struggled to live 
up to (or live down) the various 
stereotypes - the jocks, the cheer-
leaders, the stoners, the nerds - but 
it seems to me that we all got along. 
Watching ''The Breakfast Club" a a 
22-year-old, I couldn 't recollect the 
type of pres ure to conform that sent 
Molly Ringwald 's character into 
tears, much less the desperation that 
drove Anthony Michael Hall 's char-
acter to attempt suicide. I just could-

n' t remember things being that bad 
- the movie made high school seem 
like a life-or-death experience. 

That was my altitude until last 
Tue day when two Colorado 
teenagers opened lire on thei r high 
school peers, killing dozens of stu-
dents and a teacher. The two stu-
dents then tumed their own guns on 
themselves and ended it. I watched 
the whole ordeal unfold on my TV; 
I couldn ' t tear myself away. 

Horrified, I kept waiting for the 
resolution ... for the relief of knowing 
that the murderous rampage had 
topped. It seemed like a terrifying 

movie more along the lines of "Car-
rie" than ' 'The Breakfast Club": two 
unpopular kids taking the ultimate 
revenge. I cried for the victims left 
bleeding on the ground; for that poor, 
injured kid who heaved himself up 
and over a second floor window sill 
into the arms of the S.W.A.T. tearn 
below; for the boy who searched the 
hysterical crowd, trying to find the 
girl he'd laken to prom. 

When the siege finally ended 
and the citizens of. Littleton, Col-
orado were left to mourn their 
dead, the rest of the country won-
dered what had gone wrong. The 
two culprits were mere .children, far 
too young to be endi ng their own 
lives and willfully destroying the 
li ves of people they hardly knew. 

Most on-lookers - including 
myself - assumed this appalling 
act could only be committed by 
someone with no conscience, no 
soul. The two young men were a lit-

A yacht for · the 
price of a dinghy. 

Now you can get it all without paying for it 
all. Because the PowerBook® G3 is more 

tie strange, some said, obses ed 
with death. They had a penchant for 
black clothes and trench coats. The 
were just bad kids ... bad seeds. 

Then the story of their alien-
ation began to unfold. Apparently 
they resented being mistreated at 
the hands of their peers, particu lar-
ly the school athletes. Other stu-
dents agreed, saying that 
Columbine High School had a rigid 
social structure separating out the 
"jocks" from the "geeks." 

I wondered about the assailants, 
wondering if they 'd always been 
"bad" or if they 'd been pushed that 
way. Was there a time in the second 
grade when they 'd tried to "fit in" 
and had been ousted from the 
"cool" lunch table? I asked myself, 
"What kind of a place is Littleton; 
Colorado? Why are those kids so 
mean to each other?" 

For some reason) thought about 
''The Breakfast Club" - still sit-
ting in my VCR and accumulating 
monstrous overdue fees - and it 
dawned on me what filmmakers 
and authors and psychologists have 
been reminding us of for years: 
High school is hell. It doesn' t mat-
ter where you are. Being a teenager 
- facing the abuse that life dishes 
out, yet not being completely 
equipped to deal with it - is 
almost too much for even the most 
stable young people to handle. 

The more I think about it, the 
more I remember that high school 
wasn't just about passing notes in 
math clas and finding a date for 

affordable than ever (see below). Awesome 
Pentium-crushing power." Massive 14.1 screen. 
Endless adaptability. All of which can help you 
work faster and more efficiently. Leaving you 
more time to stop and smell the ocean breeze. 

Come in and test the waters. 

$1,799 
Power Book G3 233MHz 

14.1" TFf (Active Matrix) Screen (4Mb Video RAM), 
32Mb RAM, 2Gb Hard Drive, 20X CD-ROM, 

56K Modem, lOBase-T Ethernet 

Authorized 
Vatue Added Reseller 

UCSD Bookstore 
Computer Center 

(619) 534-4291 

prom. It wasn't just about being 
"cool" by wearing the right clothes 
or having the most popular friends. 

High school was abOut finding 
acceptance and feeling needed. It 
was about developing identity and 
self-worth. 1t was about forging 
ahead blindly in that confusing 
limbo between childhood and adult-
hood. Anyone who thinks that 
responsibi lity isn't staggering is just 
kidding themselves. They've forgot-
ten what it was like to watch their 
chi ldhood friends drift away from 
them. They've forgotten the anxiety 
of being the only person in the group 
whose never had a date. They've for-
gotten what it was like to take the 
long way to class for fear of being 
beaten up. Maybe they don't seem 
like big problems now, but once they 
seemed like everything. 

Now that we' ve escaped from 
the daunting halls of high school, 
we've moved on to "bigger prob-
lems" like gelling a job and paying 
for rent. We look back at our high 
school days with a sense of long-
ing, falsely remembering those 
four years as a period of blissful 
ignorance and youth. When 
teenagers today suffer through the 
same problems we did, we tell 
them, "When you get older, you'll 
realize this was no big deaL" That 
doesn't do them much good now. 

How is it that we've forgotten our 
painful past and that we continue to 
trivialize the problems of teenagers 
today? How CQuid we produce a 
society In which children feel 

unwanted and unloved? When did 
we stop caring about people because 
they aren't "like us"? These are the 
questions that keep me up at night. 
The frightening part is that this 
heartless disease, a lack of basic 
humanitarian compassion, lingers on 
after high school, manifesting itself 
in the way we treat each other. The 
problem is bigger than one bizarre 
incident in Littleton, Colorado. 

The , damage is done at 
Columbine High School. Lives 
have been wrecked, indelible scars 
have been left behind. All that's left 
now for the survivors are memo-
rie ; all that's left for the rest of us 
is the knowledge that when one 
town suffers, we all suffer. When 
those two miserable youths set out 
to punish their classmates, no one 
escaped. Sometimes people say 
that UCSD is a cold and unfeeling 
place. Nobody expects us all to be 
the best of friends, that's no more 
possible now than it was in high 
school. I don't like every single 
person I meet, nor do I expect 
everyone to like me, but we should 
all share the common understand-
ing that everyone is important. 

I keep thinking back to that TV 
broadcast of Colorado in the midst 
of chaos when a reporter asked one 
girl, "Have you found all of your 
friends yet?" The girl looked into the 
camera and sai~, '" don ' t care if the 
people in there are my friends or not , 
I just want them to get out alive." 

So much wisdom from someone 
so young. 

Russia into China. 

Monday, April 26, 1999 

DANCE: 
Colonial rule almost 
destroyed the dance 
ContInued frOlll ..... 
ied Sanskrit in school; as a dancer 
I'm fami liar with Sanskrit because 
a lot of our dances are in Sanskrit, 
and in order to dance something, 
you need to know what it means. 
WINd do Jou ....... , "The 
.-.c.. •• In SMsIcrIt"? 

You' re expressing movements 
that go with words in Sanskrit, an 
you want to know what it means. 
WINd I. tINt role of reilClon 
In Jour Ilf ...... In danclnC 

I practice Hinduism, My family 
is a fairly orthodox Hindu family. In 
Indian classical dance - and I' rn 
speaking for all of them - it 's very 
spiritual. It's totally directed toward 
certain philosophies. Odissi was 
originally a temple dance, performed 
only within temple walls. It wasn't a 
performing art like it is today. 

It actually became extinct for a 
while, especia lly when the British 
ruled over India. For a few hundred 
years it practically di sappeared. 
The way it was revived was that the 
arne things that you saw my sisters 

and I dance on stage, you' ll ee 
carved on the temple walls. I mean, 
you can go and see them in stone. I 
visi t them every time' go to India. 
It 's so amazing, they' re like 3,000 
years old. So one of the leading 
guru of Odissi dance - he's real-
ly old now - actually went and sat 
there and revived it. That 's why it 
is what it is today. 

It's still the one that you see the 
least, out of the seven [classical 
dances]. There's another dance 

CIIIIII 

called Bharat Natya. a south Indian 
style, that you see all the time. In 
California there are so many teach-
ers and there are so many perfor-
mances that you read about and hear 
about. Odissi is something that's still 
really new, even to other Indians. 
Would SOIHbodJ ~ • 
....... ,..,a dMce ..... 
GelI ............. 
dlffer.--? 

Yeah, a major difference. First 
of all, the costumes are completely 
different. The music is different , 
the instruments that accompany it 
is are completely different, and the 
dance itself is different. 

Odissi is very sensuous, very 
erotic in a lot of senses. It 's very 
fluid, and everything is round and 
curved. Sharat Natya is more 
dynamic, more straight, it's more ... ' 
don 't want to say it's not as graceful, 
because that 's kind of a biased com-
ment. But I studied it for 10 years, 
from when I was three to when I was 
13, so I know a lot about it. All seven 
are comph,:tely different. 
Ar. there aotnetIm .. 
Improvl .... perfoI'InMc •• ? 

Very rarely; it's usually choreo-
graphed. 
How much? Down to the I •• t 
,Htur ...... tum of the 
...... ? 

Oh yeah, very technically .. . 
There are three of us dancing 
together, so for u it's even harder. 
We can' t get away with doing any-
thing differellt, because even if the 
audience doesn ' t notice il, our 
teacher does, and he hates thaI. 
How ... did It take Jou to 
I ..... tINt .xpr .... v. cIence? 

For the original ver ion, about 
three or four weeks. 

We're Open 24 Hours! 

~ 
Costa Verde Shopping Center • 8650 Genesee Ave., Sle. 200 

457-9500 

* * * 3¢ ' SELF SERVE COPIES * * * 
Expires May 10. 1999 

The UCSD Guardian 

R .......... how often? 
We learned that dance in India, 

so when we' re in India we dance 
eight · or nine hours a day, every 
day. Maybe two or. three [hours] 
would be dedicated to learning a 
new dance. We also do special 
exercises. They 're kind of like aer-
obics. They' re really hard. They' re 
lO develop your stamina and to 
exercise each part of your body 
separately. 
Ar. tlNtJ releted to J .... ? 

They' re similar lo yoga, but yoga 
is a very calm thing. This i a lot of 
jumping around, and it takes a lot of 
stamina: There's one where we jump 
up in the ai r and you have to make 
sure your heel touch up here [indi-
cates rear end]. You have to do 200 
of lhose. If you do these exercises, 
you' ll be able to run a mile in like six 
minute . They're really, really hard, 
bUlthey keep you in shape. 
Do Jou do theM .xercl ... 
.very dey, .ven whll. Jou'r. 
In ac:hooI? 

Every day. For me it's a lillie 
hard becau e I don' l live at home 
anymore, so my main practice is on 
weekends, when I go home. But 
I'm supposed to be doing it every 
day. It ' just one of those things. 
I'm a computer science major, and 
I work, and I do other things, and 
it's ju t been really hard. My sisters 
do it every day. When I was in high 
school and I wou ld practice every 
day, , would do all the exercise, 
then all the steps, then practice 
three or four dances, and the whole 
process would take from two and a 
half to three hours. 
After coil.,., do Jou p .... on 
puraul •• cer .... In 
c:otnpUt.r science or dance? 

FEATURES I I 

Usa Huff/ Guardian 
Student and Dancer: Laboni Patnaik takes a break at the Grove. 

Well, lhat 's somelhing that I 
think about all the time. Ilhink that 
after college, I wi ll gel a job with 
something that has to do with.com-
puters, just because that's what I 
study in school, but danc;ng's 
always goi ng to be the other 50 
percent. I' m trying to see if I can 
integrate the two, but I haven' t 

come up with any ideas yet. 
Dancing is more than a hobby to 

me. I'll never give it up for a career. 
I will always be a dancer, no matter 
what. 

For those interested in South 
Asian culture, the Sangam Cultural 
Show will be held Sat. May 8 at 6 p.lII. 
in Mandeville Auditorium. It is free. 

Learn the 
Application 
Process A to Z. 

Former Assistant Dean of Admissions, 
U.C. San Diego School of Medicine 
Marla Lofftus, J.D. 
Kaplan Director of Academic Services, 
and Admissions Consultant 

~UCSD ~edneSday, April 28th 
- Center Hall 105 -

6:00pm 

Call 1-800-KAP-TEST to reserve a seatl 

UCSD 
Health 

Professions 
Program 

·MCAT •• 

www.kaplan.com 



12 CLASSIFIEDS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
l::i!§jt~: I =t.,:m 
* ROUND TRIP COURIER FARES. 
London $349 Sing $300 Hong Kong $389 
ChInI $360 Sydney $580 lI8ngIIok $370 

p,.IR COURIER. I NTERNATIONAL 
. 1.800-298-1230 24 hr 

THIS WEEK ... 
at the CAREER 

SERVICES CENTER 
GRADUATE STUDY. CHEMISTRY 

& BIOCHEM 
TUIS., April 27, 2:30pm 

• • • • • • • • • • • • DEIIAl. SCHOOl.: WHAT 
APPlICAITS FOR 2000 

ADIISSIOI lEED TO IIIOW 
Wed., April 28, 2:30pm 

• • • • • • • • • • • • 
STRATEGIES FOR SUCCESS • 

THE BUSINESS WOII.D 
Thurs., April 29, 2:30pm 

EUROPE $239 O/w ANYTIME IN 1999. 
Hawaii $119. CariblMexico $189 rlt Discount 
Fares Worldwide. 888·AIRHITCH. 
www.airhitch.org (taxes additional) (415-613) 
The Episcopal Students Association meets 
every Wednesday from 5:()()'6:30 p.m. in 
the International Student Center Conference 
Room for communion. Christian dicussion, 
and free dinner. Students. faculty, and staff 

The UCSD Guardian 

CLASSIFIEDS 
The UCSD Guardian reserves the right to classify. edit. delete oHenslve words and 
phrases. andlor reluse any and all advertisements without prior notification. The Advertiser 
will not hold the Guardian liable for any claims resulting from the publication of the 
advertisement. The publisher will also not be held accountable for any claim from an 
agreement made between the advertiser and the consumer. 
Copy should be reviewed by the advertiser for errors. In order to be corrected In the next 
regular issue. all errors must be reported by the corresponding deadline. Credit will only 
be given for the incorrect portion of the advertisement. There are no refunds for cancellations. 
Pte_ Mnd .It corre.pondence r.gardlng Ct ••• lfted. 10: 
UCSD Guardllln, Attn: CI ... lfted., 8500 Gilman 'DrI.,. 1031 S, L. Joll., CA 820113. 
Aclu.tloc.tlon: Studant C.ntar A, Room 217. 

welcome. Call 534-6549 for infoonation. (4126) 

I '( I) I .: 
Multicultunl FraternIty 

Leadership • Academics 
Brotherhood • Multi·culturat Unity 

Looking for Founding Fathers 
£mil: GnmI Ai fpaIan otdNI.carn 

C1112Ii7·1730 

EVE N T S 
Leadership Seminar: T.lm BuildIng 
presented on 4127/99 from 3-4:30 p.m. in 
Price Center Gallery B. What does ~ take to 
develop a strong functioning "team"? This 
session will allow you to experience "team 
work" through a variety of structured 
experiences and discussion. This is not a 
lecture ... come ready for actionl Sponsored 
by SOLO. For more info call 534.()5()1. (41 
22·26) 
Leadership Seminar: Public SpHking • 

YH You Cenl presented on 4/28199 I rom 
3·5p.m. in the Price Center Gallery B. 
Whether it's two. twenty, or two hundred 
people.... you CAN learn how to 
communicate clearly, comfortably, and 
powerfully as a student leader! Overcome 
one of the greatest fears we have and leam 
how you can become an effective speaker! 
Sponsored by SOL6. For more info call 
534.()5()1 . (4122·26) 

EMPLOYMENT 
MALE. FEMALE MODELS. Our models 
have worked for Esquire Magazine, 
Skechers, Levi·s. Estee Lauder. Coca Cola. 
Most ages OK! Beginner's OK! Great pay! 
Call· Otto 1(800)959-9301. (218·5127) 
SaleslMarketing Internships·Earn 3·6 K 
Working on your Campus Telephone 
Directory Excellent AdvertisingiSaleslPR 
experience. Call COLLEGE DIRECTORY 
PUBLISHING: 1·800-46&-2221 ext 233. 
www.campusdirectory.com (211&-4126) 

Classified Line 
Ad Rates 

Stuclenta: $3 per 20 word. 
Faculty' Staff: $4 per 20 word. 

AM olhere: S5 per 20 word. 
Advance payment I. required. 

Classified Display 
Ad Rates 

59.00 per column Inch 
DeadUnes: 

_Ion DIIe DIa!UY Ada Una Ada 
Mond8y Noon Thura. 3 pm Thura. 
Thlnday Noon lion. 3 pm lion. 

FUN SUMMER JOBS. Gain valuable 
experience working with children outdoors. 
We are looking for caring . Summer Day 
Clmp staff whose summer homa is in or 
naarthe SIn Fernando or Coneto Vllleys, 
MalIbu. or SImi Villay. General Counselors 
& SpeCialists. Salaries range $2,100-
13,200+. Call 818·865·6263 or go to 
www.workatcamp.com (411·5120) 
CltalinI (Sllncl Summer Employment. 
Make money and meet new people working 
in Avalon, Catalina Island for the summer. 
We have positions available for friendly, 
outgoing. retail selespersons. Housing 
available. Send resume or application 
request to Bay Company P.O. Box 1025, 
Avalon, CA. 90704. Or fax application 
request to (310) 510-2357. (411·29) 
COME TO MAlNEI Cemp T ... to a boy's 
camp on Long Lake, Naples, Milne hiring 
staff. Don't miss this opportunity to work at 
one of the top camps in the country. June 
22·August 22. Transportation provided! 
Positions in Newspaper, Pioneering. 

Monday, April 26, 1999 

Basketball, Baseball . Soccer, Tennis, 
Swimming. Salling, Ceramics . 
Wookdworklng. Archery. Riflery. Radio. 
Video. Canoeing, Secretary, Cooks. CIII 
MIke Sherbun atIlOC).250-8252. (4/5-29) 

learn Bartending 

W. Pay Youl29 people needed to lose up 
to 30 Ibs. in 30 days. Doctor recommended. 
Call (619) 272·4985. (4/5-516) 
$1500 weekly potential mailing our circulars. 
No Experience Required. Free information 
packet. Gall 202-452·5940. (415-613) 
Movl. ushe .... lnackbar· Pacific's Town 
Square 14 in the Clairemont Town Square. 
Free movies. flexible hours, must be 
motivated, have reliabletransportation. Exlnt 
Advancement opps. Apply in person on 
SAT. at noon or MON. at6:00p.m. (4112·26) 
SUMMER PAINTING POSITlONS. UCSD 
Housing Maintenance is hiring student 
painters for the summer to assist with prep., 

¥ painting and drywall repairs. Begin 6114199. 
Man·Fri. 7:3Dam-4:00pm S6.87/hour. Pick 
up application from Cyndl at 9224A Regents 
Road. (4/15-29) 

911lfts.com 
SOFTWARE ENGINEER 
Fast growing e·commerce firm seeks FT 
programmers. Compensation Includes 
stocks options and compet~ive salary. 

UTIFUL SMILES MADE HERE Perl (CGI Scripts). ClC++, HTML. Java Unix & RDBMS experience (Oracle, Sal) 

$55* 

liQJ-.etlc tmd Orthodontic 
.U.' •• _ Video Imaging 

Pa 
0_ 

SSport Color Copies_ 
I 3( 8 1'! xll Photos 65 -I white $695 2 ~_ I paper pictures'" 8 112 X 11 I 
I All offer6 expire 5/3/99 -

Attention Instructors: "We Do Course Packets" -
- La Jolla Village Square· 8657 La Jolla Village Dr. 1152-99119-I _______________________ J 

Vibrant, affluent couple seeks fantastic egg donor possessing 
the following attributes: 5'5" or taller with Blond/Light Brown 

Hair and Blue, Green Or Light Hazel Eyes. $6000.00 will 
compensate this pedal person for her time. 

Please call CREATIVE CONCEPTIONS, INC. at 
1-888-411-EGGS 

(Be sure to mention the ad you are calling about.) 

...... 11: cclnc.,.tOaol.com 

Fax r~sum~ to 111-291-1112 or e·mail 
clllng0911gfftuom. No calls. 

MECHANICAL DESIGN ENGINEER 
REMEC,lnc. is a high teeh microelectronics 
company dedicated to teamwork and total 
customer setisfaction. REMEC is cumantly 
seeking a qualified individual who will be 
responsible for all mechanical design 
aspects of RF microwave hybrid electronic 
component and subsystems packaging 
including: tharmal and structural analysis, 
design development and prototyping, 
designltesting of manufacturing support 
fixtures. metal fab support. hardware 
integration and P,l'oduction support. Requires 
BSME degree or equivalent. entry level 
acceptable. Bac~ground in electronic 
packaging preferred. Candidate selected 
will be subject to a govemment security 
Investigation and must meet eligibilty 
requirements for access to classified 
information . To subm~ resume. fax to (61 9) 
569·7111 . email careersOremee.com or 
mail it to Attn : JD/SDG. REMEC 9404 
Chesapeake Dr., SO, CA 92123. EOElAA. 
(4115·26) 
Web DHlgner./ Progrlmmtrll Online 
MIrk ...... PT, FT and intemshipsavailable. 
Fax (61 g) 839·3652 or e·mail 
jobsOipstrategy.com (4119-29) 

-------------------------------------

·69¢ 
FULL-COLOR COPIES 

Rec:eM 8-112' ,11' full- " !elf·,..... copie$ on 24-lb. wtIitt bond for j_st 691 each. No lim~ . Resizlnl cost, tlllra. 
Offer is li .. ~ed 10 one coupon per customer. Customer must relinquish coupon II Ii .. of putt • . Coupon mIY not 
be reprodoced aod Is not ... 1eI with ollie< coupons. offers 01 discounts. Offer valid II ti ... of puttill. 0IIfy .nd mIY 
not be discounted "cred~ed to past" future parch"s. PnxIllCls .nd seMces .", by leCltion. CooojIOII void wIIert 
prohibited" restrtcted by law. No cash .alue. 01999 Ki .... ·s. Inc. Kin""', .ocI KI .... ·s Expms 'I9unotf .. proprio 
etary mms of Kinko's Ventures, Inc. and are used by permission. All riallls merwd. Kill""', requires written ponnis' 
sion from the cOIIjI111II holder in order to reproduce cowilirted ".rtl. 

451-3715 
8849 VILLA LA JOLLA DR. 

kinkcn 
AAeS30 

Express Yourself 
24 HOURS /1 DAYS A WEEK I Expires 5/31/99 I 

Monday, April 26, 1999 

Occasional chlldcare. Weekends and 
evenings for 4 and 6 year oIds. Gar and 
experience nece&IIry. Gall 793-03531 leave 
message. (4119-26) 
MIIII $3-5,000.00 or morel month while 
you go to school. Explosive Internet 
business. Unlimited potential. Call (BOO)570-
3231 ext. 5580. (4119-29) 
Responsible and loving nanny needIId in 
Del Mar. Must have experience with infants 
and young children. Provide references and 
own a car. Long-lenn commitment preferred. 
3().4() hrslweek. GaN 755-3024. (4/19-29) 
After·School Child Care: Two UCSD 
Professors seek after·school child care for 
thatr 11·year·old son in La Jolla. Monday 
through Friday (or portions thereof). 3:30-
5:30p.m. $7thr. car required. Available 
immediately, please caU Mark or Karen at 
534·5462 or 459-4470. (4122·29) 

Yoh Scientific needs: 
oChemists 

oBiochemists 
oMicrobiologists 

oMolecular Biologists 
oResearch Associates 

oLabTechniciansl Assistants 
oChemical Engineers 
Fax (619)622-9048 

Phone (619)622-9005 

~!'l 
Energetic and responsible individual needed 
to supervise three boys. ages 10/13114. 
during June and August. You must have 
valid drivers license. Experience with 
childcare is not mandatory; however. you 
MUST be Intelligent. caring and absolutely 
committed to providing a supervised. safel 
fun environment for my three children in our 
Carmel Valley home. Hours are 8·6. Monday 
through Friday. Salary is$SOIday. To apply. 
send written resume to Celia Schleyhahn. 
P.O. Box 200476. Austin . TX 78720. You 
must include two character references from 
a former employerAeacherlschool coach or 
other professional person who knows you 
well. Also include why you want the job and 
how you will t to work. (4122·5110) 
$2.000 monthly. Make spare· time cash 
weekly! Assemble products or mail letters. 
Hundreds of home·based opportunities 
available right now! No experience 
necessary. Information? Rush 53 cash and 
a SASE to: Work At Home P.O. Box948511 
La Jolla, CA. 92037. (4/26·29) 
Mother's Helper needed in Del Mar. MWF 9-
5:30. July & August (Position also available 
for fall & school year) must have car. non· 
smoking and be fun & energetiC for 3 school 
age children. (Ages 5.8, &9). Call (619)792· 
5192. (4/26) 
PHOTO ADMIN. ASST. 20 Hours a week 
(FleXible). Darkroom experience a plUS: 
computer skills, good organization & admin. 
skills. Will leam how to matt & frame. 
(619)792·8219. (4/26) 
Angstrom Pharmaceuticals. a leader in the 
development of non-toxic anti·cancerdrugs. 
is seeking a part·time laboratory assistant. 
Students majoring in biology or biochemistry 
are encouraged to apply. Duties will include 
buffer preparation. cell culture. glassware 
waShing, and retrieval of references from 
the UCSD Library. This position could evolve 
to include additional responsibilities. 15·20 
hours per week. flexible. $8 per hour. Please 
fax or mail resume to: Dr. Andrew Mazar. 
Angstrom Pharmaceuticals. 11585 Sorrento 
Valley Road .105. San Diego. CA. 92121 ; 
fax no. (619)350·1761 . No phone calls 
please. (4/26) 
Visual Basic Programmer. Professtpnal 
experience preferred. Full·time. available 
immediately. SQL7.0 experience helpful. 
Fax resume to 619·259·7645, e· 
mail:snrzteehOadnc.com (4/26) 
Male Models. Average build. Open minded. 
Good pay. pleasant working environment. 
For more information call : COASTAL 
PAODUCTIOf04S (619)368·6884. (4126·51 
20) 
Take full advantage of your ethernet or 
intemet capabilities by getting paid per hour 
to be online. It is completely free. and there 
are no obligalions. To sign up or get more 
info go to: http://www.alladvantage.com/ 
go.asp?refid=BAE200. (4126·516) 
Optometric assistant· part time. bright. 
enthusiastic person for new office in UTC 
location. Wililrain. 447·8494 or 792·2879. 
(4126·516) ________ _ 

ROOMMATES 
Female roommate wanted. Room avail (61 
1) in 3bd. condo. $420 + 113 utH~les. Close 
to UCSD. UTC. Call Andrea or Unda 546-
8866. (4119-29) 
Need Short term lease? Female UTCMaster 
Bedroom wlBath. $510 single/S292 double. 
Available May 1 (619) 535-8226. (4/22·26) 
Summer Rental UTC. Female Nonsmoker. 
Share master bedroom. Available Mid June 
$292 (619) 535-8226. (4122·26) 
Female non-smoker. Mira Mese (15 minutes 
from Campus). Upstairs Un~ . One bedroom 
attached bathroom. Nice complex. Includes 
pool and jacuzzi. $5OO/month and $300 
deposit. Available July 1. Call Jeneti 619· 
453·3898. (4122·26) 
Female roommate wanted for large house. 
Share bathroom, own room. Close to schoot 
S3651mo. 546-1488, Pets OK. Available 
now. (4/2&-29) 

FOR RENT 
PRE-RENT your housing for summer orfall 
of 99. Near UCSDIUTC area. We have 2-3· 
4 or 5 bedroom houses or condos. For 
information call 619-578-4257. (3129·4/29) 
3 bdr/2.5 bathroom townhouse (available 71 
1). Washerldryer in un~ . Wnhinl mile of 
UCSDIUTC. Pool/jacuzzi. 2 car garage. 
(619)638·7318. (4/26) 
1 BR furnished·8686 ·C· Via Mallorca. 
Includes linens. kitchen supplies. sofa bed. 
new TVNCR. Pool . spa. gym. Available 
now $1350. Marietta 459-6944.. (4126·5127) 
Female roommate wanted. Own room + 
bathroom, wid. gated community. close to 
UCSD, $4901mo + 1/2 utilities. Avail. May 1. 
For info. 452·6689. (4126) 

FOR SALE 
HOME AUDIO SPEAKERS. 36 in .• never 
been used. Built·in amplifier. $150/pair. 
OBO. Bo. 45?·2512. (4/19·29) 
1987 Nissan Sentra. 5 spd. 2 doors. White. 
Runs great. 51000. Call Jen. 509·7921. (41 
22·26) 
PC for sale. 486DX. Windows3.1. stillworks. 
Great for word processing. Lots of programs. 
$125. (wi monitor. mouse. keyboard). 546· 
1488. (4/26·29) 

The UCSD Guardian 

'90 Toyota Gamry. 4 drs, wMe,l00.000ml.. 
goodIciean cond~ion . Pwr window/lock. at 
c. lO-disc cd. radio & tape. Call 920-4069. 
(4126·516) 

~ ANT E D 
Caucasian Research subjects reimbursed 
for interview. If you are a UCSD student. 21 · 
25. call 552·8585 x4185 for more 
Information. (1/1 1·613) 
Volunteers paid $30.00 for interview. If you 
are entirely of Japanese or Korean descent, 
age 21·25, call 552·8585 x 2182. (117·613) 
Jewish Research subjects reimbursed for 
interview . If you are a UCSD student. 21·25. 
call 552·8585 x4185 for more information. 
(1/11·613) 

EGG DONORS NEEDED! 
Desperately wanted by infertile. hopeful 
parents. All races needed. Aces 21·30. 

Compensation $4.000. Please call 
OPTIONS National Fertility 

Relistry (800)886.9373. 

WE'RE LOOKING FOR A 
FEW GOOD SPERM! Sperm 
donors needed. Aces 20·39.AlI races. 

$50 per acceptable donation. Call 
OPTIONS Nationat Fertility 

Relistry (800)886.9373. 

Give the miracle 01 life· Becoming an egg 
donor. Females between 21 & 31 . call (619) 
673·0885 . (Compensation for time . 
inconvenience) (2116·6/3) 
Become an Egg Donor. Help make a 
couple's dream come true. Surrogate 
Parenting Services .. (800)373·9525. (3111 · 
6/1) 

, 

contact us al: 534·7907(4/8·29) 

EGG DONORS 
-wlKE A DifFEREnCE" 
In couples lives that are longing to 

haw a family. They need your special 
HELP. 

If you .,. hulthy .nd between 
11-30 yr. old. 

Compen.rion Is heartily given for 
your time and effort-$3000 pfu. 

SJ50 for tr.veI •• pense • . 
Please call 

CJIEAlDIE OOIoorTDL 100. 
1-888-'1n-£888 

\ 111111 celli f qq..., t .. Ol CGITI 
l t) ",Ie CI('III,,( Cl neq)! un nt'l 

WANTED: 3 BEDROOM APARTMENT. 
CONDO, OR TOWNHOUSE TO RENT OR 
lEASE IN SEPTEMBER FOR THE 1999-
2000 SCHOOL YEAR. Preferably something 
In UCSDIUTC area and near bus lines. Call 
Melody or Liana at 455-7827. (4/8·613) 
Participants wanted for applied psychology 
experiments. Eam $30 for participating as 
an experimental observer for two hours. 
Experiments involve viewing information on 
computer displays and making perceptual 
decisions aboul what you saw. Contact 
Heather at (619) 535·1661 for details. (41 
22·26) 
The Laboralory for Research on the 
Neuroscience of Autism of Children's 
Hospital Research Center is recruiting 
heahhy adult male volunteers lor our studies. 
PartiCipants will be paid $10.00 per hour. 
For details. please contact Greg Allen at 
551·7927 x235. (4122·513) 
PREGNANT? Have you considered private 
adoption? Call (800)676·3163 for free 
informati9n orvisit our website: Adoption By 
Choice.com. (4126·5120) 

ASIAN EGG DONOA NEEDED: 0 blood Italian tutor needed. Must be fluent and able 
type. Taiwanese. Korean, or Japanese 
preferred. Financially rewarding. Call Tara 
(619)449·9497. (3129·4129) 
Summer Sublet. condo. house. or apt. . 2 or 
3 bedroom . UTC or La Jolla area. 
responsible. professional. (760) 353·8861 . 
(4/1·28) 
DO YOU EXPERIENCE AN ASSOCIATION 
BETWEEN NUMBERS, LEnERS. AND 
COLORS? You might have synesthesia! 
The Brain & Perception lab of Prof. 
Ramachandran is seeking individuals who 
experience color synesthesia. If so. please 

to conjugale verbs. $10·12/per hour. 
(619)518·8867. (4/26) 
Computer Game Study: $5 for 15 minutes of 
your time. Healthy right·handed males. ages 
18·50. with no drug or psychiatric history 
needed. Study investigates differences in 
perception and informalion processing. 
UCSDMC, Hillcrest. Call 543·2314. (4126) 

SERVICES 
NEED A TUTOR? SUCCESS Tutoring 
Services. Hundreds of tutors available for 

CLASSIFIEoS 13 

all subjects. reasonable rates (619) 51-
TUTOR (619)518·8867 http://welcome.to/ 
tutor (318-4126) 
Passport Photos. $6.95. Color Copies. 75t, 
with 10. CAL COPY (619) 452·9949. La 
Jolla Village Square. (next to Tower 
Records). (4/19-613) 

PERSONAL INJURY? Let experienced 
attorneys and UCSD alumni recover big 
money for you. Contact Brett Peterson at 
232·1826 or Bauhaus83@Yahoo.com (41 
26.513) 
Horseback Riding & Horsecare lessons only 
$10lhr. Partial lease available with Arabian . 
mare. Experienced rider. Page Debbie at 
(619)624·6876. (4126) 

LOST & FOUND 
Missing: Compaq 1235 laptop computer 
from Black HalV Warren Apartments on 
Sunday. March 7th. Reward for its retum or 
informalion leading to its return. Ca1l455· 
7827 or e-mail : Stars91913@aol.com (41 
12·613) 

PERSONALS 
Finally-being around Sir Charles Barfly Is 
starting to have a positive affect on Scottie 
Pippen. (4126) 
To that new sports columnist for the 
Guardian: consider the L.A. pro sports scene 
covered. my friend. Can't wait to see 
something about UCSD. (4126) 
Casey: what is an oompa loompa? (4/26) 
Special for you Rhinoplasty experts ... all you 
can horn for $19.99 Mon April 31 st.. and May 
32nd. and June 31st.@ the shed. (4126) 

Robert A. Rees D.D.S. Cosmetic and Family Dentistry 
Soft and Gentle Dentistry • "We cater to the timid " 
All phases of Treatment Available: Cleanings/Exams, Non-Mercury Fillings, Crowns, 
Root Canals, Extractions, and Cosmetic Dentistry. We provide bleaching, too! 
Student Djscounts Available. Insurance js ACFepted . 

Call Us for an Appointment Today! 
7761 Herschel Ave. in Dowritown La Jolla 

(619) ,.5,.-6181 Mon-Thurs 7am-2pm 
Check us out at: www.RobertReesDDS.com 

COSiAVERDE 
CENTER 

8650 GENESEE AVE. ST!, 220 

F ASmON VALLEY 
CENTER 

NEAR Sus FIFTH AVENUE 
(619)452-7374 (619)295-0537 

10 Blue, Green, Hazel 

OLORED 
CONTACTS 

FreshLook Colors with purchase of 2 boxes 
of clear FreshLook disposables. 

t'pA Y ACUVUE' 
~~j#bJU g:::':g=:NSES 

EXTENDED WEAR DISPOSABLE LENSES 

100 PAIRS PLUS EXAM 
~229~:MPLETE .COMPLETE· 2 PAIRS B&L FW "ALL specials include lenses, exam:eyecare kil and l"jlow up vl~1. Astigmalic lenses high.r Nol valid with any alher oHer. OHe" eXf!ire 6/30/99 

---------------- ----------------

• 



. 1 / 

14 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian 

surfboards, bodyboards 
wetsuits, swimsuits 

clothing, skateboards 
snorkel gear, and more 

WATER POLO: 
Nationals may still 
be on the horizon 
Continued from ..... 18 
ed in a 4-2 Gaucho wi n. 

EATING DISORDER 

'The score was tied unlil the 
second half, when UCSB gai ned a 
one-point lead and scored again in 
the last quarter to put the contest 
out of reach. The Tri tons played 
excellent defense backed by 
goalie Maryam Hadiashar, who 
was beaten only four times by the 
UCS B attack. Offe nsive ly, th e 
Tri tons scored 2 goals in the fi rst 
half but were shutout in the sec-
ond. Day Treatment Program 

This unique, comprehensive program 
offers a multidisciplinary team 

that include a psychologist, physician, 
p ychiatri t, dietician. activity therapist, 

movement and art therapist, marriage 
and family therapist, certified fi tness 

trainer and a yoga specialist. 

We are able to accomodate treatment to 
suit your school needs. 

For information, enroll ment and seminar schedule, 
contact Program Founder Dr. Divya Kakaiya 

fe(lfl~ 4510 Executive Drive, # 102 Ijf) S," D;ogo, CA 92121 l_ ~ 619.622-0221 
,Z in healthywithin .com 

"We are at their level or better," 
ophomore Hill ary Smith said 

about UCSB. "We should've won. 
Our team played reall y" well . we 
just couldn' t put a few away when 
we needed to. It wa just how the 
card fe ll." 

The afternoon game against 
LMU provided the first and onl y 
taste of victory for the Tritons thi s 
weekend. The Lions put up a fi ght, 
but were not strong enough as the 
Tritons led by I goal at the half. 
After the break, the Tritons contin~ 
ued to out-muscle the Lions, scor-
ing 4 goals in the third quarter as 
they went on to win 10-6. 

~ THE SUN GOD ISSUE. 

Freshman Kudritzki led the 
Tri tons offensively, putting away 4 
goals. Smith had 2 goals, and Erin 
Welsh, Hemmerly, Wallis and Dara 
Burch brought in I goal apiece. 

Hadiashar was the star in goal 
again wilh 8 saves. 

"Since this was the third time 
playi ng [LMUl - and before we 
played them at our worst level -m MAY 13TH IN THE GUARDIAN. 

• 

The .Berkeley- Review Provides: 
10 Weeks or Review And Testing or 
Important MeAT 
100 Hours or Scheduled Lecture Topics 
In The Class VV1U .~~~~-ri'--'tt-~-rl1 

Exceptional Instructors For Each or 
The Six Topic Areas or The M CAT~..-MN 
Excellent Rev.iew Materials That You 
Get To Keep And Take IIV1U1~vl'-W~~'-1+-rl41 
Application Assistance~ Interview 
Workshops, And Mock Interviewsy{<-rl>--tf'-tt....,. 

1-800-622-882, 
www.berkeley-review.com 

Monday, April 26, 1999 

Julius ChOi/Guardian 
Stuffed: Triton keeper Maryam Hadiashar blocks an LMU attack 
Or) Sunday. Hadiashar stopped 8 shots as UCSD won 10-6. 
we wanted to make them suffer this 
time and let them know we were 
the better team," Hadiashar said. 

That they did, but it wasn' t 
enough to take the Tritons to the 
semifin als. They didn 't advance to 
Sunday's game. 

The Tritons' pitfall thi s week-
end seemed to be offense, which 
wa especially lacking during six-
on-fi ve plays, in which the girls 
had trouble converting. 

Head Coach Denny Harper said 
that despite wi nning only one 
game, the closeness of the scores 
and the ci rcumstances under which 
the Tritons lost proved the team 
was doing great things. 

"The team has improved so 
much in every aspect of the game, 
except shooting the ball," Harper 
said. 

Although the Tritons did not 
automatically make it to nationals 
due to this weekend's results, not 
all hope is lost. The team still has a 
chance to advance to nationals in 

an at-large berth position. Fourteen 
teams automatically quali fy for the 
16-team tournament, leaving two 
wild cards undetermined. 
Considering how the Tritons have 
beaten or taken many top-ranked 
teams into overtime this season, 
Harper says he sti II believes that 
UCSD has a chance at making it to 
the final championships. 

"It would be a great experience 
for the leam, considering thal we 
are a very young team," Harper 
aid. "The girls are very excited at 

the p~ospect of going, and we' re all 
very optimistic." 

An invite to nationals would 
also make a great way for UCSD's 
two seniors, Katherine Osaki and 
Jenny Irwin, to finish their UCSD 
polo careers. 

"Our team had a great season, 
we really improved," Kudritzki 
said. "Our team is really balanced, 
we don ' t have to re ly on one person 
to carry the game. In the end, thi s 
makes us the stronger team." 

Car Accident? 
Need Relief? 

Free Report uncovers information that the 
insurance company hopes you don 't discover. 

Call (800) 838-6319 
24 hour recordeomessage to order your 

FREE REPORT 

. For now. 1"11 snorkel 1200 miles of coral ,..of. Hike. Tasmanian trail. Or. maybo .. II han, 
in a Melbourne pub with some cruisy Aussies. Then lla.in, I could balloon over the Red 
Centre. Austr,lia Is the land of tho f,..e: freo to do wilatever I choose. Au .. i. Escape 

Packa&es includin& air. coach pan and extras start as low as $999: 
As for Europe. maybe .. II mellow some day. 

CALL (619) 270-1750 or www.statravel.com 

ST/j 
STA TRAVEL 
MOVI_naa. 

Monday, April 26, 1999 The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 15 

Slater Surfs 4th Annual UCSD Sundt Open TRACK: James Nielsen wins 
the 5000-meter PROS: Six-time champ loses in corporate semis, Hobgood takes the men's and Beck wins the women's 

By John Mayurd 
Sports Editor 

Traditionally, the surf for the 
annual UCSD Sundt Memorial 
Open at Black's Beach has always 
made headlines. It 's usually in the 
head-high range - and is often 
even bigger - but the size of the 
surf was not the top story during 
this year 's fourth annual contest. 
It 's the clout of the competition 
that makes the big story this year. 

On Sunday, Black's Beach was 
buzzing with rumors that 6-time 
World Champion Kelly Sl a t~r 
would make an appearance for the 
morning's heats in the corporate 
division of the contest. The champ 
did not disappoint. Despite the 
meager surf - at best it lapped pn 
the shore at waist-high - Slater 
impressed both spectators and 
competitors with his strong back-
side attack and long floaters. 

He did not win, however. 

school and junior high. 
Freshman Holly Beck made the 

biggest impression of any surfer 
from UCSD. The Palos Verdes 
native made the best of the incon-
sistent surf by being patient and 
won the women's competition. 

"I pretty much got the sets," 
Beck said. "1 was sitting outside 
and waiting for the good lefts." 

Beck's perseverance paid off in 
the end, and the judges rewarded 
her for catching the bigger waves 
of her heats. 

Ryan Eckhoff was the other 
notable s urfer from UCSD. 
Placing fourth in the longboard 
di vision, Eckhoff was the only 
men's surfer . from UCSD to 
advance through a heat. UCSD's 
short boarders all fell victim to the 
pro surfers in the first round 
Saturday morning heats. 

ContInUed from paC. 18 
said. "Having the audience and 
your teammates cheer you on is a 
big help." 

Also havi ng a big day on 
Sunday was Meghan Scott. SCOIl 
turned in a personal best in the 
5000-meters with a time of 
18:33.54, placing Scott 16th in a 
deep field. She was the top fi nisher 
among Di vis ion II and m runners. 
Scott 's time is seventh best in 
Triton history. 

In the men's 3000-meter 
steeplechase, the Tri tons got a big 
showing from David Dunbar, Steve 
Martin' and Josh Levin-Soler. 
Dunbar tumed in the best" Tri ton 
performance with a 14-place fi ni sh 
in the fi eld of 28. Martin and 
Levin-Soler fini shed 15th and 21 st, 
respecti vely. 

Another big performance over 
the weekend was the record-setting 
run of the men's 4x I OQ-meter relay 
team. The foursome of Eric 
Cheung, Andrew Gonzalez, Rodger 
O' Keefe and David Newquist put 
together an incredible race lhat 
resulted in the new school record 
time of 42.32. 

Slater, paired with Dan Dowden as 
part of the Surf/Skate/Snow TY 
(STY) corporate team, lost in the 
semi-finals to runners-up Rick 
Irons and Marty Thomas, who 
rode for Surfer Magazine. The 
STY combo of Rob Machado and 
Blair Krugger took top honors in 
the corporate bracket. 

The pro surfers that UCSD had 
to contend .with were among the 
world 's best, im;luding Dean 
Rendazzo, Benji Weatherly and 
eventual winner Damien Hobgood. 
Seventeen-year-old Mike Todd 
held his own against this elite con-
tingent, finishing in second place. 
High school senior and prospective 
UCSD freshman Nick Kovack fin- . 
ished in fifth place overall. 

Usa Huff/ Guardian 
OUtsIde: UCSD freshman Holly Beck considers her game plan. 

"We were really proud of our 
performance," Newquist said. "I 
think we showed a lot of schools 
that UCSD can really compete with 
the other schools." Despite its large crowd draw, 

the corporate division was only a 
fraction of the contest. There were 
six other divisions in this year's 
open, including open men's, 
women's, seniors,longboard, high 

Pat Mulhern took top honors in 
the senior division, and Ian 
Rotgans took first place in the high 
school division. 

Despite the prestige of winning 
al Black's and the custom Rusty 

surfboard given to the event 's win-
ner, the "real winners" of thi s 
year 's annual Sundt Memori al 
Open were the San Diego County 
anti-drug organizations. In the 
past, the contest has raised 
$20,000 annually for local founda-
tions. 

Beck recognized the spirit of 
the contes.t as well. 

"It was really fun and I got to 
surf against some good competi-
tors," Beck said. "The weather 
was nice and the people were cool. 
The only thing that could have 
been better was the surf." 

The Triton track and field team 
will look for a continued success 
when it travels up to Irvine this 
Saturday to compete in the Steve 
Scott Invitational. 

THINKING OF MOVING 
OFF-CAMPUS? 

Here's a break for your parents-a chance for 
them to write off sQme of your college tuition! 

How, you ask? 
HAVE MOM & DAD BUY A 
rONDO OR TOWNHOUSE! 

You can: • Rent the extra rooms to your friends ... 
• Use the rent money to pay for the mortgage ... 
• You live in the condo for FREE, and ... 

TOBIN 
One of UCSD's finest is also a 

Realtor@! 

• ... your paren.ts can write off the interest on the mortgage! 

DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY PAYING RENT! 
Here's a way to pay for housing that is also an investment! Call Tobin today at 

COLDweLL 
DhN~CR "J 

ASSOCIATES 
REALTY 

9988 Hilbert Street. Ste 100, San Diego, CA 92131 
Each oftlce Is Independently owned and operated 

(619)637·0609 (voice mail) 
(619)621·5279 (office) 
e-mail:Finestrealtor@hotmail.com 

Learn traffic safety techniques to 
Combat Road Rage 

A seminar with 
Dr. Arnold Neremberg 

April 30th, 9-10 a.m. • Price Center, Gallery A 
Sponsor: UCSD Rideshare Operations· (619) 534-RIDE 

"Cool Operator" Program Coordinated by California Institute of Traffic Safety· 
San Diego State University • Funded by California Office for Traffic Safety 

r-----~FREETOWING I Minor Tune Up', • ____ ::n:=""'" ·lCHn1. r8dI ... 
Special Brake Job ~. 

lour tuM up Include • • lot /lIOI1I Reg. 555 Special Reg. $80 , 
I filii" other., " Inclu": I I. NEW Spar!< plugs 7. CtledI brakes III Front or resr. Brake Job Includes: 12. Check Distribulor poinls 8. Check clulch I I . Inslal lronl pads or rear shoes _I 

3. Check Dis~ibutor 9. CIledc lighls III 2. Drain old brake lluid I condensor 10. Check undercarriage I 3. Inspecl hydraulic syslem • 1 
4. AdjuSl liming for damage ' III 4. RefiM hydraulic nuid _ • , 

15. Check and replenish 11 . Check cooling system I 5. Bleed brHe syslem • • 'I 
aU fluid and oil levels & hoses III 6. ~I from (if shoes) and rear shoes 

H· Adjust dwell angle 12. Road test • 7. Road.,Ies .. IIllllIllllIlr" --------_...... -35-polnl Major Service 
I Special 1 EM'" for fwllnJ«ted c.ra. Our nMjor .MVIc. Includn: Reg. S150 I I 

1. New..,." piugI 12. Aqusldwelangle 2HIbe I",. end . V 0"1 
I 2. NewAl-liIIer 13..ldjusl cartlurelor 25.ChockIorIooseNAs &boIIs 1 I 1 3. Newoilihr I4.Adjuslai~ .. lueIraliorrixlure 26. Clleckllglls ............. Change 
1 4.Change engrne oi 15. Chock ~eeM9 27. CIIeck undercarnage lor damage 1 r_ 1 5. Newluell~er 16. Chockcluleh 28. Check and recharge baneryl'_ & 
16. ClleckdrstrbtJlorporttS 17. ,\dfu~cluleh 29. R<Mieiros l' _ 7. Clleckdrstooutorccndensor 18.Checkbrakes 3O. ClleckIW,,,,essure 1 20 po."nt 1 8. ~essron lesl 19.AdjusI brakes 31. Urbe door hrnges • 1 9. VaiYeIdiU_ ~"""1 2O.Adjuslemerger<ybrake 32..Clleck."hoIde~ 1 Safety Check 1 

10. New va~, eM< gask~ 21 . CIIeck & replenish at llui! Ieve~ 33. Check e~ sy~.m & hoses 
1 1 ...... _ 1 22.CIIeck.r<f"",lexpr>SOdbeis :M . Checkexhau~sysl'm I' Spec."al I II . Adjusl bming 23. CIIeck .iedr<alluStS 35. Road I.~ 

~'.: Eml for kyllndlr, kylindlr, end pIIIlnum pfug.. ..J ~ 
cO:I:ClutchJ: 1!mIii;,~; BeH 8;e;al ',.' 1,. New pressure plale 4. New Pilol ~ ________ _ 
2. New Clutch Oisk . 5. Change transmission oil Extended Warranty 13. New Throwout beanng 6.Aoad lest I 
L:=~":,;':'-"'noICO¥_. NoI for 4WO. FronI .J15, 30, 45, 60, 75, & 90K service 
--------"Most cars. Wllh Ihls ad. Expires 5/10/99. O"rllas AutD 8008·BMII.rm: Rd 15 

BIMId new ~rtl. A, k Ib:>ut our lpeclell on Inglne. . * 
All our work hal I 2,,.lr or 2O,OOO-mIt. limited wlrrlnty. ....-If! 
An prien Include ~rtl and labor. & ! 1J.iiP" , overseas ~ i :0. MI :lMlr RL 
Automotive Repair > 8008-8 Miramar Road. 
••••• 1 695·1990 Exe"',,' m.nc" "'. "tid", CD.",. C.II 

.,. 

( 



16 SPORTS 

.1Iy ........... 
1fIey..., ...... 

_.r-__ .... ,...., .... ...,.. 

'- -1.1._ 
Former Kansas City Chiefs 

linebacker, on his 
12 knee openttlons 

The West Coast's best 
battled head-tCThead 
during the CaljNev Track 
and Field Championships 
at UCSD this weekend 

By Saul Sheridan 
Senior Staff Writer 

As far as meets go, there are few 
in the state that bring together more 
of the top collegiate athletes than 
the California-Nevada Track 
and Field Championships. 
Ath letes from all across 
the Silver and 
Golden States circle 
thi date on their 
calendar as one of 
the big ones. Every year 
the meet highlights some of 
the best competitors from Division 
I, II , and III schools like UCLA, 
Stanford, UC Irvine and UCSD. 
This year UCSD had the privilege 
of hosting the two-day event this 
weekend at RIMAC Field. The 
Tritons proved this weekend that 
size doesn't matter. 

The best example of this truth 
was unquestionably James 
Nielsen's first place run in the 
finals of the men's 5000-meter 

race. Despite having to compete 
again t runners from UCLA, Cal 
and UC Irvi ne, Nielsen blew away 
all the competi tion on hi s way to 
first with an impressive time of 

14:39.28, earning him an 
automatic invitaticln to 
nationals. 

" It was a lot of 
fun to get so fired up 
in such a big meet," 
Nielsen Slid. "I had 

to fight off a couple of 
divi sion I guys along the 

way. It's kinda nice to get out 
there and beat some of those 
scholarship athletes." 

Nielsen was not the only Triton 
to have a big race this weekend. 
Junior Jessica Shugart set a new 
school record in the women's 
400-meter dash with a time of 
57.73. With that time she became 
an automatic qualifier for nation-
als. 

Also qualifying for nationals 

Softball Falls to USD 
MISSING: The Tritons suffer a lapse in offense 
By Kevin Byrne 
Staff Writer 

The members of UCSD's soft-
ball team took to the field with 
revenge in their eyes last Thursday 
against cross-town rival 
University of San Diego. 
They were looking to 
avenge their two 
early season losses to 
the Toreros when the 
Tritons fell 2-4 and 1-4 
at home during the Feb. 23 
double-header. 

The Tritons were fired up for 
their recent double-header, and 
aimed to finally beat the Toreros, a 
team that has overmatched the 
Tritons all season long. The chal-
lenge would only be for pride as 
the Tritons came into the game 
knowing that the playoffs were out 
of the picture. 

However, the Toreros - who 
have played an astonishing 57 
games this season in compari on to 
the Tritons ' 33 appearances -
overmatched UCSD again in both 
games. USO dominated twice in a 
row 1-7 and 1-9. 

In the first inning of game one, 
the Toreros scored 2 runs, which 

would eventually be enough 
against a stale Triton offense that 
managed only 6 hits during the 
entire game. 

UCSO's Michelle Wilson was 
batted in by Samantha Hayes 

to score the Tritons' lone 
run . Christina Searing 
and Kristina Anderson 
had 2 hits apiece, but 
were stranded on base. 

• Freshman pitcher Leea 
Harlan had 6 strikeouts in six 

innings of work as the Tritons 
dropped the first of two games 1-7. 

The second game wasn't kind to 
the Tritons, either. Head coach Patti 
Gerckens' squad managed to keep 
the game close until the fifth 
inning, when the Toreros pulled 

. away for good. USO belted 3 
triples on its way to driving in 6 
fifth -inning runs, glvmg the 
Toreros a 9- 1 edge. 

USO's Jade Quentin was 
responsible for most of the damage 
in both of the games; the Chula 
Vista native went 6 for 7 - good 
enough for 5 RBIs. 

The Tritons next face the 
Uni ver ity of La Verne this 
Wednesday in Los Angele . 

The UCSD Guardian 

was sophomore Nicole Rodriguez. 
Rod~guez ran a personal best in 
the 400-meter hurdles during 
Saturday 's preliminaries with a 
time of 62.79. Rodriguez then went 
on to fini sh sixth in the finals 
where she was the only non-divi-
sion I competitor. 

Also during Saturday'S prelimi-
naries, James Freeman ran a 
school-record time in the 110-
meter hurdles with a time of 14.50, 
earning Freeman a spot in Sunday's 
fina ls against school s like Cal, 
Stanford and Fresno State. 
Freeman fi nished eIghth overall 
with a time of 15.2 1. 

Not to be overlooked was the 
performance of Matt Seefeld, 
whose preliminary hammer throw 
mark of IS5 '00" was a personal 
record by about four feet. 

"It was great to go out there in 
front of the home audience and 
have such a big meet," Nielsen 

See TRACK, Page 15 

Monday, April 26, 1999 

Estella Villacorta/Guardian 
F..t: UCSD senior Rory Clarke makes the turn in the 800- meftlr 
run on .Saturday. The meet showcased the West's top runners. 

Hope Floats for UCSD Polo 
QUAURERS: Despite going 1-2 this weekend, the Tritons may still advance 
By Sarah Holine 
Staff Writer 

After giving 100 percent, the 
UCSD women's water polo team 
fell short in this weekend's final 
battle to secure a spot in the 
USA Collegiate 
Nationals to be 
hosted by UC 
Davis, May 7-
9. Although not 
guaranteed a spot, the 
Tritons can still earn an at-
large birth to next month 's cham-
pionships. 

Starting Friday and lasting 
through Sunday, UCSO hosted the 
Women 's Water Polo 1999 
Western Regional Qualification 
Tournament, in which eight teams 

from southern California fought 
for four spots at nationals. When 
the smoke cleared, only USC, 
UCLA, San Diego State 
University (SDSU) and Long 

Beach State University 
(LBSU) were left stand-

The Tritons 
faced a tough 
string of games 

and played some excellent 
polo, but luck was not on 

their side. As a result of last-
minute goals, UCSD fell to both 
LBSU and UC Santa Barbara 
(UCSB) by two points each, 6-S 
and 2-4. The team rallied on 
Saturday afternoon, however, 
beating Loyola Marymount 

University' (LMU) 10.6 to finish 
its weekend off at 1-2 . . 

On Friday, the Tritons were 
well-prepared for the 4gers, but 
got off to a bad start when LBSU 
scored twice in the first two min-
utes. The game proved to be very 
intense and the Tritons desperate-
ly tried to catch up, but eventually 
lost 6-S. 

Junior Megan Wallis scored 2 
goals against the 4gers, while 
Jenny Irwin, Emma Kudritzki and 
Courtney Hemmerly each scored 
I goal. 

On Saturday morning, the 
Tritons went up against UCSB 
and again played solid defense, 
but an ailing Triton offense result-

See WAft. POLO, Page 14 

, 


