
Elsewhere 
Former Professor 
Alle.e. Racism 
PALO ALlD - Fornler 
Stanford Law School profes-
sor Linda Mabry lold the 
Stanford Daily on Thursday 
that "the law schexII's rocially 
hostile environment" was one 
of the key fal.:tors leading to 
her resignalion in Dcl.:ember. 
Mahry. who is Afrit:an-
Ameril.:an. is one of a group of 
professors who det:ided 10 lile 
wmplaints with the Labor 
Department wnl.:erning the 
university 'S tenure pral.:til.:es. 
She said that in her six years 
at Stanford, the university did 
not make an effort to rel.:ruit 
and retain minOrity fat:ully. 
Law School Dcan Paul Brest 
has organized meetings 10 be 
held in wming weeks with the 
Fal.:ully Appointments 
Cornmillee and the Student 
Liaisons Comrnillee to dist:uss 
the diversity issues that 
Mabry's case has raised. 

- The Stanford Daily 

Yale Receive. 
More Money, Art 
NEW HAVEN. Conn.-
Philanthropist Paul Mellon -
who graduated from Yale 
University in 1929 -
bequeathed to Yale the largest 
single donation in its history, 
induding more than $90 mil-
lion in t:a~h'donations and 
130 works of art to Yale's 
two galleries. Mellon died on 
Feh. I at the age of 91. Over 
the t:ourse of his life. he had 
finandally supported the uni-
versity in many ways. includ-
ing funding constrUI.:l\on and 
endowing deanships. Mellon 
also donated $75 million 10 
the National Art Gallery, as 
well as more than 100 piet:es 
of art that including paintings 
by Vinl.:ent van Gogh. Claude 
Monet and Winslow Homer. 

- Yale Daily News 

Students Rally 
~Inst Proposal 
HANOVER. N.H. - As 
many as 800 Dartmouth 
College students a~sembled on 
the lawn of the Psi Upsilon 
fraternity house on Saturday to 
rally in support of the I.:ontinu-
ing existence of single-sex fra-
ternities and sororities at the 
college. Many of the crowd 
members wore Greek leiters 
and green ribbons in support 
for the current system, and 15 
students said they were angry 
about the Board of Trustees 
proposal to end single-sex 
Greek organizations at the 
school. Many of the students 
who spoke at the rally said 
they were angered because if 
the proposal passes, they said 
they will have their right to 
choose what organizations 
they belong to taken away. 

- The Dartmollth 

SpOken ... 
"/ sincerely hope that 
... my tax dollars aren't 
spent for those 
purposes. " 

- Mill. MIler 
SAGE./UAW Spokesperson 

See story II rwn 
Internet: _.UCId.edul,uMflIIlfl 

E-mail: fUMflIIItIOucst1.fKIu 

Crossing Cultures Knockout Smart Start 
Japanese student compares American 
cuLture. with Japanese history, pop culture, 
tradition and atmosphere 

The impeachment bout 
is .finally over, but it:va 
split decision 

Women :\ . . w~fthall starts 
its season (~ff with tH'O 
fantastic willS 

Features, page 7 Opinion, page 4 Sports, page 16 

, H E u 

UC SAN DIEGO TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 1999 

PERB APPEAL RESULTS 

UCI 

lisa Huff/ Guardian 
Protest: Many UCSD teaching assistants 
participated in December's strike. 

Appeal 
Denied 

The Public Employment 
Relations Board refuses 

to allow a Court of 
Appeals review of their 

December decision 

By Vincent Graenanl 
Senior Staff Writer 

The California Puhlic Employment 
Relations Board (PERB) unanimously 
denied a rcqucst last week for a Court 
of Appeals review of a PERB dccision 
made la~t Det:emhcr thaI staled lhat 
teat:hing assistants al UCLA arc eligi-
ble for wllet:tive hargalning. 

University of California Prcsident 
Richard Atkinson said he requesled a 
I.:ourl review of the Del.:cmber PERB 
decision because il wntlicted with a 
1992 Berkcley case in which the Court 
of Appeals rulcd that TAs were nol cli -
gible for collective bargaining. 

The PERB decision cannOl be 
reviewed by the Courl of Appeals 
unless PERB approves the review. 

Mike Miller, a spokesperson for the 
Student Assol.:iation of Graduate 
Employees/United Auto Workers 
(SAGE/UAW) at UCLA, said he 
believes the universilY has no furthcr 
Icgal avenues to pursue. 

He added lhal if TAs choose 10 be 
representcd hy the UAW in lhc upcom-
ing UCLA eh.:ction - which PERB has 
scheduled in order to allow the TAs to 
del.:ide whether they Wilnt to be repre-
sented by a union - the university will 
fal.:e violating the law if they do not ret: -
ognize them. 

"They I.:ould refuse to bargain, 
which would be breaking the law," 
Miller said. "That would be an illegal 
option. I sint:erely hope that ". my tax 
dollars aren't spent for those purpos-
es." 

Brad Hayward, a spokesperson for 
the University of California, said that 
university ad .... inistrators are still 
deciding what to do about the PERB 
decision. 

"We just learned of the decision yes-
terday," Hayward said on Friday. "We 
will be reviewing it. We believe there 
are some options still for obtaining a 
judicial review. We will be reviewing 

• those options." 
Hayward added that he did not 

See DECISION, Page 2 

c 5 D 

VOLUME 96, ISSUE 13 

Research Park 
May Be Built on 
UCSD Campus 
INDUSTRY: Plans for 500,000-
square-foot project are still preliminary 
By Jeffrey M. Barker 
Senior Staff Writer 

UCSD may soon be homc to a scientific research 
park aimed at high-technology firms . Businesses 
thaI would take n:sidence in lhe park would main-
lain a university-industry relationship. 

Preliminary plans are being outlined for a 
500.000-squan:-foot developmenl on 30 acrc~ on 
the cas I end of campus, between Regents Road and 
Mesa housing, south of Voigt Drive. 

Nancy Kossan, direl.:tor of UCSD's n:al eslate 
development , said thaI the plans arc in a early stage. 

This would be the first plan 10 allract induslrial. 
scientific and technological firms lO UCSD. Kossan 
said lhat UCSD would retain ownership of the land 
and would require businesses to sign onto long-term 
ground lease agreements, whil.:h would allow the 
businesses to lease the spat:e over a numher of years. 

Kossan said that the st:ientific park on t:ampus 
would be a "training ground" for UCSD's students. 

A primary goal of such a park, Kossan said, "is to 
allral.:tl.:ompanies with whom we have or will devel-
op research partnerships." 

Biotechnology, research and phannal.:eutil.:al com-
panies are among the types of businesses UCSD would 
look to lease the land to, Kossan said. 

Available land on UCSD's campus could benefit 
companies looking for a San Diego home or local 
companies looking to expand. Also, Kossan said 
that I.:ompanies connected to the university would 
have the upper hand when recruiting and hiring. 

Stanford University is home to one of the world's 
largest research parks. Relationships between Stanford 
and the companies in its park include joint research 
projects, seminars and workshops, student internships 
and graduate ret:ruitmenl. 

Architecture linns and a civil engineering firm 
are working on the proposal. However, it is 100 early 
to know how mut:h the park will cost or when con-
struction will begin. 

DisCussion of Excess Privileges Held 
TALK: Peggy McIntosh 
came to speak as part of 
the three-day conference 
By Jennifer Grady 
Staff Writer 

The privileges associated with 
race, gender and sexuality in the 
United States were discussed by 
Peggy McIntosh" the associate 
director of the Wellesley College 
Center for Research on Women, at 
a lecture that was pan of a three-
day conference titled "Membership 
Has its Privileges." 

McInlosh published Wlrite 
PrivileRe and Male Privilege: A 

Personal Account of Coming to See 
Correspondences Tlrrough Work in 
Women :f SlIIdies in 1998. She also 
published the same analysis in its 
shorter form, "White Privilege: 
Unpacking the Invisihle Knapsack" 
in 1989. • 

McIntosh's speet:h was about 
how unearned, invisible privilege 
systems impact our lives. She said 
the speech was based on her own 
experiences working with col-
leagues at Wellesley College. 

In particular, McIntosh said the 
discrepancy was brought to her 
altenlion when she served on a cur-
riculum commiuee for Wellesley 
students. Mcintosh said that she 

and other female members of lhe 
commillee wanted to add new writ-
ings by women to the reading list, 
yet were told by the male members 
of the group that the reading list 
"was already full." 

Mdntosh said that, as a Ifsult of 
this incident, she realized that there 
was a parallel between what she 
sees as the excess privileges of 
males and those of whites. 

"I know these men Ion the com-
miuee] didn't earn every slot in the 
curriculum, yet they took them all," 
she said. "It was the same with 
whites - not every one of them 
earned their privileges, yet they 
took them all ." 

Mcintosh said that she began to 
relate this experience to her own 
life. She said that before this event 
she did nol realize that Afrit:an-
American women felt thaI while 
women were oppressive to work 
with. Mdntosh said that, as a white 
person, she was kept oblivious of 
this nature in order to preserve the 
advantages of being white . 

"In order to preserve a democra-
cy, unearned privileges are kept as 
a taboo," she said. 

After realizing her own involve-
ment in this "oblivion," Mdntosh 
said she looked for examples of dif-
ferences between herself and women 

See LECTURE, Page 3 



2 NEWS 

DECISION: 
UCLA elections to 
be held in March 
ContInued from ...,. 1 
know when Ihe universily would 
decide 011 a wurse of aclion. 

"We uon 'l have a firm lime-
line." Hayward said. "We will 

menlOring relalionship between 
graduale sludents and professors. 

'The university has opposed col-
lective bargaining for teaching assis-
lanls hccause we believe that educa-
tion is at the hcan of the relationship 
betwccn faculty members and grad: 
uate student~," Atkinson stated. "We 
have also insisted that the mentoring 
relationship between a faculty mem-

review a~ quickly a~ 
we can. We wanl 10 
proieci Ihc inlegrily 
of Ihe educalional 
prm;es, ..• 

"Certainly, 
there I. no 

ber and his or her 
graduate student 
should take prece-
dence." fundamental 

difference In 
the role. TA. 
play at UCLA 
and Berkeley. 

Alliyeh also 
said that collective 
hargaining would 
interfere with the 
ed ucati ona l 
proces,. 

Vice Chancellor 
for Re,ean:h and 
Dean of Grauuale 
SlUuie, Richard 
Alliyeh ~,ud Ihal he 
wa, nol aware of 
Ih~ PERB uemilln 
whcn he 'opoke II ilh 
Ihe Gllardioll on 
SalUrday. He ,aid 

- Rlc:hard Attlyeh 
'The uni ver~i­

Iy i, opposed to 
co lleclive bar-Vice Chancellor for 

Research and Dean of gaining hecause 
Graduate Studies Ihere is a funda-

Ihal if 'ouch a d..:c"ion had heen 
made. hc did nOI undcr,land why 
hecause PERB 's Decemher ruling 
conflic,,:d wilh a IlJY2 Cour! of 
AplJCals ruling. 

" If it i, Iruc. il i~ hard 10 under-
'land. gi vcn Ihal we havc a Court 
of Appeal ruling Ihal TA, al 
Bcrkeley arc nOI employec, under 
Ilh..: Higher Educallon Employer-
Employee Relalions ACII." Alliyeh 
said. ··Cert'lInly. there i, no funda-
menial dilTerl'nce III thc rok~ TA, 
play al UCLA and Bcrkeley . 

.. or is Ihere any dilTercnce in 
Ihc rolc TAs played six or ,even 
ycar, ago from whal Ihey do 
now." he added. "Such a dec.:i,ion. 
if indeed il has heen madc. 
relkclS a poor underslanding hy 
PERB and Ihe UAW of Ihe way 
universi lies funcllon.' · 

In a \c\ler releaseu lasl week 10 
Ihc unlvcrsily communily, 
Alkln,on ,talcd Ihal Ihc univcr~ily 
oppm.c, TA union, hccau,..: m llec.: -
live hargall1ing Infringe, upon Ihc 

menial prlncipic invo"ed." 
Alli ych said . "II b impos~ ible 10 
scparatc Ihe educationa l and thc 
cmploymcnt aspect, of TAships, 
and il would nol serve well Ihe 
cducation of our ~Iudenl s to have 
cuuc.:a lional mailers suhject to col-
icctl ve hargaining." 

Miller said thai collective bar-
gaining would nOI harm th..: educa-
lional process. 

''f've heen a TA for four years." 
Miller ,aid. " I can honeslly say, 
ha,ed on Illy personal experience. 
Ihal colleclive bargaining will in no 
way interfere with or even infringe 
upon thc academic process." 

Miller added Ihal he believes 
thaI at other universi ties where TA 
unions havc heen rel.:ognized. no 
harm has heen done on thc educa-
lional process. 

PERB has sch..:duled the elec-
lion for UCLA TAs \0 be held 
March 9 Ihrough II . Miller said 
Ihat Ihe hallols will he counled on 
March 22. 

GUARDIAN 
WALT DICKINSON 

I:cillnr ill Chid 
JULIA KULLA-MADER" MEGAN SMITH 

,llwl t.Ulin'lI:'ul/or.\ 
TABITHA GRAN SHAW " LAURA KNIGHTEN 

( )IIY /o.·eli/rm 
LEENA SHANKAR" ERIKA SNIDER 

" ,,"', /o.·di/or> 
JESSICA SCHEPPMANN 

feu/ures Editor 
MARC COMER 
Opmu)t1 h't/i/ur 

JAKE GORDON. JOHN MAYNARD 
Sports 1~'clll()n 

NICK RUNCO 
1)~.H!lI1/~·tlitor 

TRAVIS HILL 
.. bseKlute .,'ports Hl/ilur 

LINDSAY SWORSKI 
Ilia/us r,di/or 

DAVID LEE 
tlssrxia/e Ilia/us Edi/or 

DAVE LUBITZ 
I'h% Edi/or 
USA HUFF 

Alsocia/e Pho/u t:di/or 
JOHN BARBER 

Gmphies /o.·rI,/or 

SENIOR STAFF WRITERS 
John Barber, Jelf Barker, Gene\l leve Co • . TheOdOre DokkO.\lncent Gfagnanl. Mary Hlftglns. Laura 

KrllghtCfl.Oave l UOIIZ. AntlJm Manthlram. Jennv NiCholson , Mark Smith. Scott Yager 
STAFF WRITERS 

Bill Burger Stlannon Cast le. I:;)rent 0011. Bertrand Fan Karl Fuedman. Brooke Garrettson. 
Jennifer Grady. Nllau MoStoh. Ctlflstlne Pangall . Jacob Schechter. (ve Senuty 

IUUSTRATORS 
Mike Behe , KnSllne Chang . AlAsl ln HSla. Ahce Lin. Joe Pan, Josephine Roberts . NIcholas Runco 

DESIGNERS Chfl s Moran, Karen Tran , Thomas Weng 
COPY READERS Alison Noms. KeVin Byrne 

WI.MASTER Snan Wlkner 
COMPUTER SUPPORT DaVid Ghcksman 

MIKE MARTINEZ 
.. \dl'erll,\illq ,\r/ J)/fl!clur 

ANN BAREFIELD 
/lusmess MUl1a.qer 

BROCK HALTER 
.~dver/isiny Manager 

YVETTE ALCALA 
:1,"J'.'ihm/ IJu.'iines" Munu.qer 

ADVERTISING ASSISTANT MelOdy Gonzales 
CIRCULATION ASSISTANTS 

Jason Aller\. Phillip GOIOmon. Etllan levy. Jacob Meyberg. Brady Phelps. Nate Smith 
ADVERTISING DESIGN" LAYOUT John Balber. Casey 8ullenhu),s. Joe Pan 

The UCSO GuarC1". } IS publiShed Mondays and TllurSddYS duftl'lt the academiC ~ar by and for 
the students o f UCSQ, ReorOductlOfl of thiS newspaper In any form. whether In whole or In 
part. 'WIthout pernllSSlon IS stnctly prOhibited, C 1999. all nghts reserved. The UCSD GuarduJn 
IS not respot'l sible for the return of unsoliCited manuscnDts o r art . The vtews expressed herein 
do not necessDflly rePfesent the OPlntons of The UCSD GuardIan. the University of Cah'ornta or 
the ASSOClilted Students. The UCSD GU8rC1IB11 IS funded SOlely by advertiSing. 
,\(J(Jrtoonal _aurn' 10 ~ ' get rt on: call Ad Man Brod< Hafter at 18001 GET ITON 

News/ Features: 5345226. General F.dltorlal: 5346581 
OpInion/ Sports: 534~582. H,atus : 534-6583 
AdvertlSlnll Oll,ce ' 5343466. Fax: 534·7691 

e-maIl : guardl8n@ucsd.edu 
GuardIan Online . hrrp:// www.ucsd edu/ guardlan/ 

UCSD Gt.ardlan, 9500 Gilman Drive 0316, 
La Jolla, CA 9209~316 

Actual locatIon : SeCOnd Floor. UCSD Student Center BUIlding ·A·. Rm . 217 

The UCSD Guardian Tuesday, February 16, 1999 

LIFE IN HELL 

BRIEFLY ••• 

Nobel Laureates Coming to UCSD 
Seamus Heaney, the recipient of the 1995 Nobel 

Prize for Literature, will visit UCSD on Monday, Feb. 22 
to give a presentation. He will read selections from his 
work, including poems from his new book, Opened 
Grounds: Selected Poems 1966 - 1996. 

Heaney's appearance will be a part of the 1999 
Nobel Laureate Series through February and March. In 
addition to Heaney, Walter Kohn, the 1998 Nobel 
Laureate In Chemistry, will be speaking at Robinson 
Auditorium on March 4 at 4 p.m. Harry Markowitz, the 
1990 Nobel Laureate in Economics, will also speak in 
the future. 

Heaney 's lecture will begin at 6 p.m.' at 
Mandeville Auditorium. Tickets are free to UCSD 
students with a maximum of 2 per student, $5 for 
UCSD faculty and staff, and $10 general admis-
sion. 

AMES Professor Wins 
Presidential Early Career Award 

Dr. Miroslav Krstic, an associate professor of 
Applied Mechanics and Engineering Science in the 
Jacobs School of Engineering, received the 
Presidential Early Career Award for Scientists and 
Engineers during a ceremony at the White House on 
Feb. 10. 

Krstic is the first engineer in the field of control 
systems to receive the Presidential Award. Krstic pre-
viously won the Office of Naval Research Young 
Investigator Award, which provided him with three-year 
funding amounting to $350,000 . 

The Presidential Award will provide two additional 
years of funding for a total of a five-year, $550,000 
grant. Krstic will use these funds to study control of 
combustion instabilities and unmanned underwater 
vehicles. 

The White House selected recipients for the 
Presidential Award from winners of other national 
awards such as the Office of Naval Research's Young 
Investigator Award, the National Science Foundation 
C.A.R.E.E.R. Award and other equivalent awards from 
NASA, the Department of Energy and other key gov-
ernment agencies. 

. Addendum 
2/11/" 

Sociology Professor Win. 
Several Awards for Book 

Steven Epstein, an associate professor of sociolo-
gy, has received three awards for his book, Impure 
Science: AIDS, Activism, and the Politics of 
Knowledge. 

Most recently. Epstein received the Society for 
Social Studies of Science Rachel Carson Prize. 
Other awards include the Amerir.l'n Sociological 
Associations' Robert K. Merton Award for the best 
book on science, knowledge and technology, and 
the Society for the Study of Social Problems ' C. 
Wright Mills Award for best book on social issues. 

In addition to these prizes, the work on which 
Impure Science · is based won the American 
Sociological Associations' award for best dissertation 
of the year. 

In the book, Epstein discusses how non-scientists 
- for example, AIDS activists - revolutionized the 
way drugs were developed, regulated and tested, and 
how their actions set the stage for new challenges to 
scientific authority. 

Epstein is currently working on a new book exam-
ining recent federal policy changes requiring medical 
researchers to include greater numbers of women and 
racial and ethnic minorities in government-funded clin-
ical trials. His study will be the first in-depth invest~ 
gat ion of a significant change in the organization of 
medical research that directly affects everyday clinical 
practices. 

Lecture on Abnormal Breathing 
to Ie Given by Meel Professor 

Jack L. Clausen, who is a professor of medicine, 
will be giving a free lecture on "Abnormal Breathing 
During Sleep and Benefit of Treatment" on 
Wet1nesday, Feb. 17. The lecture is part of the Sam 
and Rose Stein Institute for Research on Aging Public 
Lecture Series. The lecture will take place at Garren 
Auditorium in the Basic Science Building at 6 p.m. For 
more information call 534-6299. 

To order The Guide to Getting It On, call (800) 310-PLAY or write to: The Goofy Foot Press, P.O. Box 69365, 
West Hollywood, CA, 90069-0365. The cost of the book is $19.95. 

Tuesday, February 16, 1999 The UCSD Guardian NEWS 3 

-lraffle School To Go 
ON THE INTERNET 

J 
SIRENS LIGHTS 

Lights & Sirens is a selection of 
entries compiled from the log book 
of the UCSD Police Department. 

saturday, Feb. 6 
1:44 p.m.: Officers arrested a 

l&year-old male non-affiliate in Lot 
101 for providing false information 
to a peace officer, delaying a peace 
officer and resisting arrest. 
Released to parents. 

10:09 p.m. : Officers arrested an 
18-year-old male student at 
Marshall P Building for being a 
minor in possession of alcohol. 
Cited and released. 

11:27 p.m. : Officers filed a 
report concerning the confiscation 
of a beer keg from E Building in 
Matthews Apartments. 

SundIy, Feb. 7 
11:27 a.m.: A student reported 

burglary at Atlantis Hall. Loss: $131. 
MondIy, Feb. 8 
4:58 p.m.: Units and the San 

Diego Fire Department responded 
to a 20-year-old male student com-
plaining of shortness of breath at 
RIMAC. Transported to Thornton 
Hospital by paramedics. 

6:23 p.m.: Units and the San 
Diego Fire Department responded 
to a 20-year-old female student 
complaining of shortness of breath 
at Goldberg Hall. Transported to 

~CTURE: 
McIntosh said . 
racism not limited 

compiled 46 examples from her own 
lile, demonstrating tbe contrasting 
the differences between African-
American women and herself. 

In her article, "White Privilege: 
Unpacking the Invisible 
Knapsack." Mcintosh stated that 
she must constantly remind herself 
that the color of her skin affords her 
very real privileges. 

"For me white privilege has 
turned out to be an elusive and fugi -
tive subjcct. The pressure to avoid it 
is great, for in fal:ing it I must give 
up the myth of meritoc.:rac.:y," 
Mcintosh stated. ':If these things are 
true, this is not suc.:h a free country; 
one's life is not what one makes it; 
many doors open for cenain people 
through no virtues of their own." 

....... 1 ••••••••••• .$281 
t..dIIL •••••••••••• .$371 

All flies .. rouncHrIp. .. __ ...... - .... 
CST 11017IlI04I0 

270-1750 
4471 .............. " 

ITA 
STA 1JfAVEL 
.... ---
. " 

WWW.c.:,Lltt,lVel COIll 

Scripps Memorial Hospital. 
8:39 p.m. : A student reported 

the theft of a wallet from RIMAC 
men's locker room. Loss: $75. 

,II8IdQ,Feb •• 
8:55 a.m.: Officers filed a 

report concern ina a staff member 
receiving annoying phone calls at 
the Bookstore. 

10:31 a.m.: Officers filed a 
report concerning· a staff member 
receiving annoyi~ phone calls at 
the second floor of Price Center. 

12:20 p.m.: A student reported 
the theft of a Walkman from the 
Middle East Building. Loss: $130. 

5:36 p.m.: A graduate student 
reported tI\e theft of his wallet from 
the RIMAC men's locker room. 
Loss: $5. 

7:36 p.m.: A student reported 
the theft of a wallet from the RIMAC 
men's locker room. Loss: $90. 

10:38 p.m.: Units and para-
medics responded to a 41-year-old 
male non-affiliate complaining of 
chest pains. Transported to Scripps 
Memorial Hospital by paramedics. 

VWednetda~ Feb. 10 
1:29 p.m.: A student reported 

the theft of a purse from Peterson 
Hall. Loss: $30. 

2:00 p.m.: A faculty member 
reported the theft of a wallet from 

Mcintosh gave an example of 
how people tend to generalize cer-
tain ethnic groups' hehaviors by 
attributing them to race. 

·'If. when I am in a meeting, I 
am quieter than an African-
American woman, I am considered 
se lf-controlled," she said. 
·'However. if I am louder than an 
Asian-American woman, I am con-
sidered to be taking i'nitiative." 

Mcintosh also said that many 
causes of excess privilege stem 
from roots other than just being 
hom male or white. She presented 
examples of benelits that hetero-
sexuals. right-handed individuals. 
Christians and members of a cer-
tain c:lass receive. 

Mcintosh said that people need 
to understand that rac.:isrr. is not 
limited to individual actions. 

"In my class and place. I did not 
see myself as a racist because I was 
taught to recognize racism only in 
individual acts of meanness by 
members of my group, never in 

RIMAC men's locker room. Loss: 
$165. 

2:20 p.m.: Officers recovered the 
stolen wallet from Peterson Hall. 
Found by a staff member in Lot 207. 

7:30 p.m.: A student reported 
the theft of clothing from Marshall J 
Building laundry room. Loss: $90. 

Thunday, Feb. U 
10:30 a.m.: A graduate student 

reported the theft of a sign from the 
third floor of Urey Hall. Loss: $15. 

10:50 a.m.: A staff member 
reported the theft of a laptop com-
puter from Center for Magnetic 
Recording Research . Loss: 
$1,000 . . 

12:50 p.m.: A staff member 
reported the theft of morphine from 
Perlman Pharmacy. Loss: $31. 

3:26 p.m.: An officer filed a 
report concerning malicious mis-
chief at the Old Student Center. 

FrtdIIy, Feb. 12 
9:55 a.m.: Officers arrested as 

45-year-old male non·affiliate at 
Torrey Pines Glider Port for an out-
standing misdemeanor warrant for 
possession of marijuana, living in a 
vehicle and failure to appear in 
court. Total bail: $5,000. Cited and 
released. 

- Compiled by Leana Shankar. 
News Editor 

invisible systems conferring 
unsought racial dominance on my 
group from birth." 

Cross-Cultural Center Director 
Edwina Welch said that shc was 
pleased to have Mcintosh speak as 
a part of the c.:onference. 

"It·s a real treat for us to have her 
here and to come and talk about these 
issues," said Edwina Welch, the 
director of the Cross-Cultural Cenler. 
"We were very exc.:ilcd to have such a 
diverse group at the conference, and 
it is very good for the campus to pro-
vide an interal.:tive lorum. We hope to 
encourage an unprecedented dia-
logue on this issue. 

Thc conference was co-spon-
sored by a numher of campus 
departments, staff assoc.:iations, 
UCSD colleges and the Associated 
Students Council. 

Mcintosh has taught at the 
Brearly School, Harvard 
University. Trinity College, the 
University of Denver and the 
University of Durham, England. 

COSTA VERDE 
CENTER 

8650 GENESEE AVE. Su. 220 
(619)452·7374 

F ASmON VALLEY 
CENTER 

NEAl Sm FIFTH AVENUE (619)295-0537 

Brown Eyes to Blue, Green, Hazel 
P.I. 
COLORED 
CONTACTS 
FreshLook Colors with p'urchase 
of 2 boxes of clear FreShLook 

DAILY WEAR EXTENDED WEAR DISPOSABLE LENSES 

$89** $99** $129** 
COMPLETE 2 PAIRS B&L FW- COMPLETE 

"All special. Inciud.lense., exam, .yeca," k'l and follow up vi.ii . A.tigmalic I.n .... hIgher. 
Not valid wi'" any oilier oller 0IIe" '''1'''' 3/31/99. 

1 
I 



4 OPINIO The UCSD Guardian Tuesday, February 16, 1999 

PINION 

In their efforts to oust the president with the 
impeachment trial, Republicans have wasted the 
nation Js precious time, money and patience. 
This horrid abuse of power is thankfully over. 
By Jak~ Indlch 
Contributing Opinion Writer 

The Republican Party 's unrelenting cam-
paign to bring down President Clinton has 
finally come to an end. The extreme partisan 
allemptto undo two national elections came 
to an anticlimactic end Friday afternoon as 
the Senate acquilled the president on hoth 
articles of impeachmenl. 

Though seeing their poll numhers falling 
fast er than Bob Dole could say "Viagra," 
and C1inton\ popularity ratings skyrocket-
ing 10 an unprecedenled 70 pen.:ent, 
Republican, continued their fight to con-
demn the presldenl. Now. the right wing's 
allempl to depmc the pre,ident is finall y 
ovcr. 

!.il-.c a dog \~ilh a radioactivc bone. they 
Ju,t coult!n 't glve.it up unlil II huried them. 
Congre" has becn , ub,umed inlo the tra,h 
01 mo(krn Jerr) Spnnger Amenca. The 
GOP ha, turned impeachmenl Into a per-
ver,e game show: Tic up the w untry, mocl-. 
the Con,tllution and wa, te months of the 
"orld'; timc and energy. Now, years after 
Ken Starr\ inve'lIgalion. we have come to 
the co nclw,lOn we had 10 hegi n with : 
Pre,ident Chnton ', perjury remains 
unproven and 1m "ohstruction of juslice" 
acw,atioll wa, a , hamcful ahuse 01 thc 
statute. 

So. why did we need to spend millions of 

the taxpayer's dollars and months of 
Congress's time, which could have other-
wise been spent on solving real issues? 

Bible-thumping extremists who have 
stolen the GOP from the mainstream have 
overrun the party that once represented 
responsible government and free market 
economics. These Clinton haters have been 
hent on running the president out of onice 
and have done everything in their power to 
do so since day one . But what the 
Repuhlican majority (in both Houses of 
Congress) has done is now !lying in the 
race of not only their constituents' wishes, 
hut also any semblance of good. common 
sensc. 

Throughout the last few years, Clinton 
has suffered from a new and frightening 
apparition in America 's political landscape: 
Pri vate hate groups, lundet! hy millions 
from right-wing individuals or foundations, 
ma,querading as think tanks or magul.ines. 
From championing a woman 's right to 
choose and promoting gays in the military to 
the "ppointment of unprecedented numhas 
or wOl11en and minorities to top positions, 
Clinton was targeted from the beginning of 
his presidency hy these groups. 

Spending millions to dig up dirt on 
Clinton. these forces managed to appoint 
one of their own, Starr, to replace the fim See"" Page 5 

While many believe that the impeachment trial 
was a waste of time, the precedence set will last 
for generations to come. In the end, American's 
should be thanlifuI for justice. 
By Tommy Vu 
Sentor Staff Writer 

As Feb. 12, 1999 came to an end, it 
marked the dosing of a year-long scandal 
that infest~d tbe dining rooms of American 
rami lies all over the country. With the 
acquillal of President Wi lIiam Jefferson 
Clinton of both articles of impeachment, 
another chapter in U.S. history comes to a 
long-sought-after conclusion. 

Many Americans have always viewed 
the political scandal, though 3t times it 
seems more like a soap opera, as a 
Republican scam - even, in the words of 
Hillary Clinton, "a conspiracy" against the 
president. With the acquittal of Clinton from 
both charges of obstruction of justice and 
perjury before a grand jury by the Senate, 
many see the whole impeachment trial as a 
waste of time and tax payers' money, as it 
achieved nothing. 

True, in the immediate future - from 
now until the end of Clinton's term -there 
will be an ineffectual impact on American 
society: A censure of the president would 
mean lillie and achieve even less. It would, 
however, provide Democrats with a shield, 
showing the American people when elec-
tions come around that their not-guilty votes 
did not mean that they didn't find Clinton's 
actions reprehensible. 

Looking beyond the immediate future 
and into the distant future, say the next pres-
idency and beyond, it is obvious that the 
impeachment trial will have large repercus-
sions. How can something like an impeach-
ment trial of the president of the United 
States, something that has taken place only 
oncc before, not be important? 

It was vcry important that this trial was 
carried out to the end. It established unwrit-
ten laws and precedence for the impeach-
ment of future presidents and holders of 
high office. 

Despite the decision, the most important 
issuc is the legacy left behind for future 
presidents; the precedence estahlished for 
fUlUre generations. Similar to Supreme 
Court rulings, sometimes the decision is not 
as important as the precedence left behind. 

Take for example the case of P1cssy vs. 
Ferguson, in which a hlack passengcr was 
prohibited from entering a train box car 
reserved only for whitcs. Though the 
Supreme Court at that time ruled in favor of 
the train company, the more important 
aspect was the cffect left behind for 60 
years: the estahlishment of the "separate but 
equal" doctrine. 

Obp:lors say, meckingly, thai the only 

prccedence established by the impeachment 
trial is the fact that lying about sex is a high 
crime. However, I argue that this trial was 
about more than sex. As Tom Brokaw elo-
quently stated, it is "not about sex anymore 
- it is about the Constitution and the rule of 
law." It became more than sex when Clinton 
slapped the faces of all Americans with his 
lies. 

One of the precedents established is what 
crimcs would be considered a high crime 
and misdemeanor. Because "high crimes 
and misdemeanors" is left ambiguous in the 
Constitution, the trial has hclped clarify 
what is considered to be an impeachable 
offense, even if the offense is lying about 
adultery. 

Furthermore, the structure of the trial 
itself, how the trial was set, is hugely impor-
tant. Future Congresses will look at this as a 
basis for impeachment, as this Congress 
based its structure on the trial of Andrew 
Johnson. 

I mentioned earlier the establishment of 
unwritten laws into America's political sys-
tem. Obviously, the trial will have an impact 
on how future presidents will act. Though 
Clinton's actions have in no way degraded 
the office of the presidency, as many people 
believe, any person assuming the offiee will 
undoubtedly tread lightly. This trial, and the 
crimes on which it was based, will serve as 
a warning to the next president, and perhaps 
to any holder of high office. "Don't lie, even 
if the crime is not worth the penalty." 

The playmg field for the next presiden-
tial election has undoubtedly been changed. 
The year-long scandal is a political mine-
field, and will continue 10 be, as the next 
elections come around. 

Obviously, Republican moderates like 
George W. Bush and John McCain will not 
touch the subject, as both need centrist votes 
to win the election. AI Gore won't mention 
anything negative about his former boss. 

It is hard to say exactly how the election 
will be affected by this scandal because 
polls show that although 70 percent of the 
public consider Clinton to he immoral, 70 
percent do not want him removed from 
office. But be reassured, any presidential 
hopeful will watch his or her words careful-
ly. 

Beyond effects in the executivc ollice, 
and pe~aps more prominent. arc the possi-
ble changes in thc next Congress. Keep in 
mind, Clinton was not the only one on trial 
during the past five weeks. The entire 
Contress, Mel die SallIe ........... WII 

See. mi •• LIt PaCe 5 

Tuesday. Fehruary 16. 11)1)9 

WASTE: 
History will recall 
GOP for its antics 
COIItInued "... ..... 4 
special prosecutor. who wasn't a 
true "Believ.:r." In league with 
Paula Jones' lawyer~ and hacked 
hy astounding Court decisions, 
they spun a weh so dense that sup-
posedly no one (;(Juld have avoid-
ed il. But avoid it Clinton did. 

They h,ld to return 10 criminal-
i/.ing private and (;(Jnscnsual sex, a 
chilling precedent. The private 
extremists were aided and abetted 
by a Rcpublican Party that has 
become so right wing that it is syn-
onymous with thc likes of Jerry 
Falwell, abortion clinic bombings 
and fringe militia groups. This 
extremism touted by the 
Republican Party is at odds with 
American society. After spending 
thc last year forcing this absurd 
impeachment down the public's 

PRECEDENT: 
Nation will lick its 
wounds and move on 
ContInued "... ..... 4 
also on trial, 'under the scrutiny of 
the American people. 

As mcntioned before. the 
majority of the American people 
did not want Clinton impeached or 
removed from office. As a result 
ofClinlOn's impeachment. the fate 
of Republicans in the House hangs 
on the American people's ability 
to forgive and forget. If the time 
comes around and Amcricans have 
not forgiven th..: RepUblicans for 

throat , the Repuhlican Party may 
have lost the Congress for the next 
10 years and any chance of win-
ning hack the White House in the 
20()() election. 

The continued drumheat of 
irre~ponslhlc right-wing dema-
gogues ~uch a~ Rush Limbaugh, 
Trent LOll and even San Diego's 
own Congressman Brian Bilhray 
have created a fringe cultur.: of 
pathological Clinton hatcrs who 
despise Clinton with an almost 
orgasmic intensity. 

What should be noted is the 
moderate element within the 
Republican Pariy that is. doing the 
"right thing" by trying to bring the 
party back into the mainstream. 
This could be surely noted in the 
five moderate Republican 
Senators who courageously 
bucked the party line and voted 
for Clinton's acquittal. Not only 
did they a scnd a strong message 
to the right-wing element holding 
their party hostage, but they 

not listening to America 's will , 
Democrats will take over the floor 
or the House and. God forbid, 
Richard Gephardt will become 
Speaker of the House - again 
making a change in the political 
landscape as a direct result of the 
trial. 

Moderate Republican senators, 
however. may have it better than 
their colleagues in the House, as 
many voted to acquit President 
Clinton. though the vote was down 
party lines. It seems that 
RepUblicans will lose the majority 
in the House while retaimng the 
majority votc in . the Senate, 
though hy a slimmer count. per-

ETHN 123 
Asian-American Politics 
Prof. Leland Saito 
T .. Th 3:55-5: 15 
HSS 11 28A. Section 10# 355784 
ETHN 151 
Ethnic Politics in America 

-Prof. Joao Costa Vargas 
MWF 1 2: 20-1 : 1 0 
U413 Rm. 2. Section 10# 355785 
OHN 189 

The UCSD Guan.han 

proved that de~pite the president\ 
actions hcing low and tawdry, 
they do not ri~e 10 the level of 
impeachahle act~ - plain and 
~imple . 

Now it i, ovcr and tho:: 
Repuhlicans have lo~t . lo~t , losl. 
No more will the puhlic have to 
suffer through hour, or Geraloo 
Rivera 's sad attempt as a political 
commentator. No more will vulu-
ahle ink space in ~uch great giants 
of journalism as the Ullioll-
Tribulle be wasted on this useless, 
sensational story. 

The GOP has dragged the 
nation through cnough dirt. 
embarrassed our country and our 
president in the eyes of the world, 
cheapcned and degraded the 
solemn undertaking or impeach-
mcnt and trashed the principle of 
Grand Jury secrecy on which our 
legal system is based. 

Years from now, history will 
h:gitimately chastise President 
Clinton for his marital infidelity 

haps eight scats. 
Although these predictions of 

the political future may be proven 
false, it is hard to deny that the trial 
of Clinton ha~ had profound effects 
and servcs a purpose. Already, 
there arc calls 10 reform the inde-
pendent council laws. Clarifying a 
sometimcs ambiguous 
Constitution and selling prece-
dence is perhaps even more impor-
tantthan the result of the trial. 

From the day that the Monica 
Lewinsky story hroke to the day of 
the acquillal of the president, the 
American people witnessed a 
clash of times: a past based on 
records 130 years old versus an 

Special Topic. in Ethnic Studies: Politic. of 
DlVenity Race, Conflict and Coalition. 
Prof. Paule Cruz Takash 
W 9:05-11 :55 
SSB 1 03. Section 10# 340116 

and point out how an hone,t Illan 
can get scar.:d and oh~cure hi s 
acts. Instead of taking the moral 
high ground of telling the world it 

i~ none of .our damn business he 
panicked (as would anyone) and 
gott",lOght hy his enemies. Y.:t the 
ironic thing is that thiS whole 
episode or our hi story will he 
rememheret! more for the 
Repuhlican 's soap-opera ant ics 
rather than addressing the issue 
with the deccncy and gravity it 
deserved. 

Once again, the six-ye;tr-Iong 
defccation upon the presidency by 
the GOP shows that the 
Republicans arc still out of step 
with American values, and that 
their policies are dead wrong for 
our country. Out of common sense 
and doing what is constitutional 
for this country, the Senate did the 
right thing by acquitting the presi-
dent. It is over. It is done. 

Send comments and Letters tu 
tile Editor to guardian@ucsd.edu 

imperfcct present ; a baby-boomer 
White House versus a relatively 
younger Senate that grew up with 
the polilics of the Reagan adminis-
tration. 

Despite the panisan bickering 
and the profound effects left 
behind, the American people have 
and will stand above it all and heal 
the nation's wounds. As with the 
Jackson trial. the Iran-Contra 
affair, .the removal of Bob 
Packwood from Congress and the 
Clarence Thomas fiasco, America 
will weather the passing of this lat-
est storm ,lIld rebui Id. 

Send ('omments a1ld Letters to 
'he Editor to guardian@ucsd.edu 

01'1 10 :'i 

NAZIS: 
Think before you 
make comments 
Continued from ... ,. 6 
seriously douht that it!cnll f) I ng 
with commercial produch will help 
you in life. 

Lct\ try an expenment. The 
next time you have a joh Interview 
and the employer ask, you 10 tall-. 
ahout yourse lf, reply: "Well. I \~~ar 
Nike shoes. Dockers pants and 
Anchor Blue shins. I dri ve a 
Toyota with Pirelli tire, . I always 
buy Chevron with Techron. and I 
wouldn 't be caught deat! in a Ford. 
I knew that VHS was going to beat 
out Beta-Max way before anybody 
else caught on. I drink Starbucks 
coffee in the morning, but after I go 
jogging in ")y Adidas running suit I 
drink Sprite becausc I'm not con-
cerned with image." 

Make sure the door ooesn' t hit 
you on your way oul. 

I beg ,III of you, the next tillle 
someone tells you that they own a 
different type of computer than 
you, drink a different brand of soft 
drink, listen to a different kind of 
music or anything at all diffcrent , 
think for a moment heforc you 
make somc derogatory commenl. 
Ask yourself if there is really any 
rcason to judge them on such a 
superficial suhjecl. Trust me. it will 
be good for you. 

'Cause the next person who 
rolls their eyes when I tcll them I 
own a Mac is gonna catch the toe of 
my Vans square in the scat of their 
pants, regardless of what hrand 
they're wearing. 

Senti comments lind Letter.\ to 
,lie Editor to guardian@ucsd.edu 



6 OPINION 

Colleae Niaht 
Wed. 9fJm - cl66e 
1 IIBII1I8 

H.ated Outdoor Patio 
Great food 

The UCSD Guardian Tuesday, February 16, 1999 

COMPUTER'NAZIS MUST DIE 

£1' &blzvpJI/l'/I/C [)Lo;c(JI/I~.' ... ~- 13HENT DON Is it really that important to other people? Is there some kind of computer Zodiac that determines your life based on what kind of computer you own'? "Dell: You are 
forthright and honclot in technical 
mailers, but feel uncomfortable 
discussing personal issues. You are 
a very 'hands-on' kind of person 

there a lot of Mac users who 
endorse their choice so vehemently 
it seems like they are gelling a 
commission (We don't actually get 
a commission, do we'! Don't tell 
me I could have been making 
money all this time.) 

I blame this brand-name big-
otry on our commercial-dominat-

Happy Hour 3-6 M·Sat REAL BEER 
TwL-o---'ph--:ot--:o I~e-qu-;-ired--r-----' Drink 

Like 11l0~t writers, I lind wm-
pulers to be indispensahle. I've 
heard many unwnvincing argu-
ments, generally from older 
writers, I!xtolling the virtues of 
typl!writers and even (shudder) 
pen and paper. 

-OPINION-
COLUMN 

ed society. I'm sure several 
large advertising agencies 
spent millions of dollars devel-
oping top-secret subli'minal 
promotional techniques 7536 Fay Ave. 456·BREW 

,1erO"" from VONS 

Neither of thesl! alternatives 
perform ~pcll check~ or' play 
audio CDs while I'm writing, so I 
don't use them. Instead, I write on 
my Macintosh. 

and prefer to upgrade your own 
computer rather than pay someone 
else to do so. Apple: You arc a 
freaky beatnik artil>l. You drink 
exotic coffee and look down your 
nose at other people." 

designed to drive computer 
customers into an irrational frenzy 
whenever they're confronted with 
a competitor 's producl. 

( Come See The BIG KA 

A lot of you Will read that and 
groan, "Oh great, he's a Mac per-

~on." Some of you may think. 
"Right on, Mac~ rule'" 

Shame on you. All of you! What 
is that suppo~ed to mean anyway, 
"Mac person"'} Is that some sort of 
ethnicity, or something'! 

------ - -------'-".:.=""'------:..... I have incurred countless 
harhs and wndescensions mercJy 
hy mentioning Illy computer plat-
form or choice. At the very least I 
get a contemptuous look or some 
derisive comml!nl. What could 
possihly justiry such caustic 
responses to such an innocuou~ 
statement? 

Or is it hased on your operating 
~ystem'! Docs somebody actually 
print up daily horoscopes for them" 
"Linux: The Penguin is at aphelion 
today. bringing your chi into focus. 
Love is in the air this morning from 
the most unlikely of sources: a 
Unix user! Macintosh: Your lucky 
numbers are 1984 and 2000. Be 
sure to save often: Word is in the 
mood to crash tonight." 

This isn't a new phenomenon, 
of course; during the Crusades, 
consumers of ChrislIanityTM trav-
eled hundreds of miles to try and 
wipe out the competing Islaml'M 
product line. In retrospect this was 
a bad business move; all of their 
dead customers translated to lost 
revenue. If the Roman Catholic 
Churchli had been smart they 
would have just merged with the 
MuslimsOl, and pooled their cus-
tomer hases. Of course, if that had 
happened we'd probably be watch-
ing coverage of the Islamic-
Catholic Corporation (NYSE trad-
ing symbol "ICC") anti-trust trial 
right about now. 

February 18. 7:00pm 
Price Center Ballroom A 

I can't speak ror everyhody, hut 
the computer hrand that I usc has 
ahsolutely no he(lring on my per-
sonality, my ahilitic~ or my lire III 
general. 

People who react violently upon 
learning of my computer prefer-
ence confound me. Who cares if I 
choose a different product than you 
do? Are you so insccure about your 
own decision that you have to belit-
tle others' choices? Don't get mc 
wrong. it 's not just PC owners; 

But I digress. I'd hate to think 
that the most important thing ahout 
you is the products you buy, and I 

See NAZIS, Page 5 

prinltllg Jaux pas no. 212- a 341 page docllmetlt on joni mitchell tn.lhe middle oj wn,*. 

Want to Run For Office? 
ASUCSD Student Government positions open: 
President 

Vice President Internal 
Vice President External 

Vice President Finance 
Commissioner of Student Advocacy 
Commissioner of Communications 
Commissioner of Programming 
Commissioner of Academic Affairs 
Commissioner of Student Services and Enterprises 
College Senators: 

Sophomore, Junior and Senior of each College 

Packets available on 3rd Floor of Price Center, 
A. S. Secretary's office and all Dean's Offices 

nLING DEADLINE: March 8, 
4:00 p.m. in AS Secretary's office 

Associated Students DC San Diego for more information call 534-4451 or e-mail asucsd@Ucsd.edu 

, 

Tuesday, February 16, 1999 

I magine this: You have spent what seems like ages in the • same position in the tiny cubi-cle of an airplane seal. You are tired of looking out the win-
dow only to see mile after 

mile of clouds and you are tired of lis-
tening to your neighbor babble on 
about nothing. After a long tlight, 
you're dying to get out at1d step on 
solid ground. 

When 'you do get off the plane, you 
find yourself in a totally alien envi-
ronment. The people seem different 
- they act and dress differently. To 
top it off, even thtair smells different 
The last thing you need right now is 
culture shock. 

Students coming from ' foreign 
countries often go through this initial 
experience when they arrive in the 
United States. Coming from Japan is 
no exception. 

Like other international students, 
my friends and , have noticed some 
subtle differences between Japanese 
and American culture, and are sur-
prised by the facl thaI many Ameri-
cans still have misconceptions about 
Japan in this day and age. 

'" was surprised when people 
would ask me if people still dress like 
samurais in Japan," said Keisuke Tsu-
jihara, a Boston College junior. "Il 
kind of made me wonder how people 
perceive Japan and Japanese culture." 

Japanese students said they 
have an opportunity to gain a 
greater appreciation for their 
own culture while studying abroad. 

'" never thought I'd miss Japan 
until after I'd been away from it," said 
Kyoko Honda, a junior at Brandeis 
University. '" guess Japanese culture 
was a bigger part of me than I'd 
thought, even after all those years at 
an international school. Now [my 
Japanese heritage] is something I'm 
reall y proud of. I think people 
should learn IIlOIe about 
their own culture." 
See CUUUB, Page 9 

The UCSD Guardian 

(~Il \/<1); \~ It \llll\.L.\ 
FEATURES 7 

According to one writer, 
Japanese students who 

come to study in 
A merica experience a 
significant awakening 



8 CALENDAR 

'8 p.m. 
student, plays poeees by Chaya CzemoWIn, Nalllan Phdhps, 
Brahms and Bach. $51$3. 

Wednndly, FebIuIry 17 
'8 p.m. Mandeville Reeltal Hall. FIuII RlCiIII: Manon Garver, M.A. 
studenl, pertorms "Ouoq" by Robert Enckson, '\enus Noodles' by John 
FonV1lle, 'Susan's Echo' by Stockhausen, 'Thinking, Speaking' by 
Manhew ShlomOWltz, and 'PleCe In Two Parts' by Stelan \\\lIpe With 
John Hams, piano. $51$3. 

Sundly, febnIIwy 21 
, 7 p.m. Mandeville ReCItal Hall. UndlrgredUlle PtrlonnIf1 Forum: 
UCSD undergraduale musIc majors pertorm an eclectiC program. 
FREE. 

ACADEMIC SERVICES 
Ongoing 

o WhIIt will you be in the yw 20007 The Prograrns Abroad Offiee 
oHers ongoing adviSIng lor students Interested In studying abroad. 
Come visit our o"iee In the International Cenler or caU 534·1123 10 
make an appointment. 

HEALTH & FITNESS 
WednIIdIy, ftbnIIIy 17 

o 12:15-1:15p.m. Women's Cenler. Tern DoWIe, head personal lrlllller 
al Rimae WIll laalltate "How to Lo. IhotI EItn HoIidIy Pounds: 
Tilling tht Wlighl 011 HeIIIIIIuIy," 

Ongoing 
olndlvidull FlNu ~ at RIMAe every Men & Wed, 5-
Bpm. WallIn 10 the Wellness Room, 2nd floor. AFREE student seMCe 
provided by Student Heatth Advocates! Call 534·2419 lor more infol 
o HEADACllESI!! Who needs 'em? VIsIt the HIIdIcht CUrie at Stu-
dent Health and get helpl No charge to regIStered students. Cal 534-
8089 lor)'OUr appointment. 
o SIudInI ...... 1S here lor YOUI We're a full servICe dllllC open to 
AlL registered students. Yoo don't need health InSUrance to use oor 
selVlC8Sl Appoontments lor physician viSIts and specialty dnes • call 
534-8089. Wafk in to Urgent Care wee«days Bam-4:3Opm. (Wed. 9- , 
4:30pm) 
o en.r,ency ConIIKtpIion lI1Iluai exams, STD tests, pregnancy 
tests. bir1h controf pr~, & health education • al It Wlmen's 
CilllC, S1udent Health. Catl 534-«>89 lor appt. CompIeIIIy conIidIIt-
till-always! 
o ~ IIV IeIIing at Student HeaJlh! Walk 111 to sign up at 
the HeIIIh Annex, first floor. S 1 0 charge lIlCIudes pre- and post. COlI!-
saling. Questions? Call a heaJlh educator at 534-2419. 
• F!w ChoIIIIIroI Telling al Student HeaJ1h • SIgn up It the first 
floor buletin board lor yoor appointment. 
o Dan 1 Go in tilt OcNn!At least not unt~ you've had yourHepaIJ1isA 
shoIsl K )'OU surt or SWIm In the ocean, COIISIder mmunaations to 
protect)'OUr heatth. Two shots· 6 months apart · $60 each. I't8Ik in to 
Student Heattl\ IU 8·11 am: Wed. 9·11am. 
o Student Health Advocate provide Pwr EducIIIiorI PnlgrImIon Nu· 
tnbon, HIV, Fitness, Stress & other lopes· at yoor res hall or studenl 
org meellllgSl Call 534-2419 lor 1010 on these FREE programsl 
• Low ColI PhIrmIcy· Over·the-counter items (cold medicines, ant· 
aCIds, bandalds, VitaminS, skin care products, sunscreen, contracep· 
tlve products, contact lens products, etc.) all at dIscouIIt pnces! lo· 
cated In the first tloo, 01 Student Health. Open M·F Bam-4:3Opm, 1'tI<l. 
9am-4:3Opm 
• CPR and Firs/Aid C ...... at Studenl Heattl\l Classes held at Stu· 
dent HeaHh · Iaught by Amencan Red Cross-certllied Instructors. Take 
Commuruty CPR. Siandard Firsl Aid (With Relerence Book) . all lor 
S25 OO! Sign up soon . classes 1111 up QUICkly! Come to 2nd Hoor 01 
Student Health Center, or e·mall pgniloOucsd.edu 10 SIgn up. 
• FREE Nutrition CounNiing at Siudeni Healthl Make yoor appotnt· 
ment todayl Call 534-8089. 
• Need CONDOMS???? Get 'em cheap at the Student Heatth Phar· 
macy. 
, Get PubIiaIIId! Health Beat IS a student pubflcallon 100000ng on heatth 
Issues. AddrtlOnal slaft are being f8CfUlted. Articles now being accepted 
• e·mall the editor al healthbeatOucsd.edu 
• A·C-N-E is a lour leiter word! Cure It al Studenl Health. Call 534· 
8089 and make an appolntmenl ai lhe Derm CIIOICI 

CLUBS & MEETINGS 
Thursdly, FelllUll'( 18 

• 6:45 p.m. DarXslar Office, room 21 2, Old Studenl Center. D •• IIr's 
Science Fiction Dinner Will be al Thlago, Carmel Mountain .. Meet lor 
meebng and ndes Inlo' 586·9452 

Saturday, February 20 
, 1 p.m.·?? Old Siudeni Center Conlerence Rooms 1,2, & 3. DIrks .. 
Gaming IIttIing: We'll have Ions 01 games and tons 01 lunl Inlo: 586· 
9452. 

Ongoing 
• Are you loo~ng lor some lun servICe, lellowshlp, and leadership? 
Then eirelt K Internationaf IS lor you! Take a break Irom sludles to 
make a difference '" a person's IIle. JOin us on Mondays al 7 p.m. In 
Berl<eley Room 01 Pnce Center. See you therel 
, The LetbiIn Gay Bi ... uaI TIIfII9IIIder AaaoeiIIion (LGBTA) 
meels every Monday at 7 p.m. 10 the Graduate Student AssoaahOn 
(next 10 A.S. Lecture Notes). Or, stop by and say hi when our ollce IS 
open (above SoH Reserves). Meelgreat people! ALL are welcome. 
, Come lOin the funl Every Tuesday lrom 6:30-9:00 p,m., TIIIlnIIme-
tiorlll Club meets al the IntemallQlllI Center. Everyone IS welcome, 
both Intemabonal and UCSD students. Meet new people, have fun, 
and leam aboul different cultures. • 
, Are you a lesbian or bisexual woman and don't know what 10 do? 
Slop by the Women's feIbi8n Ind bi ... UIII DiICIIIIioIVSupport 
Group every Wednesday at 6 p.m.·7:30 p m. In Ihe \\bmen's Cenler 
library. Call 534·3755 (Psych SeMces) lor more Inlo. 
• Amne.ty Inltmltional meets Wednesdays al 6:30 p,m. at the 
Women's Cenler. JOIn us In delendlng human nghts. 
, UCSD AtriII Robotics I..." meets every other Wednesday. Please 
check hnp:J/stuorg lX:sd.edul-robotlCS lor meeting bmes and locabons 
• Friends of SelVice Worle •• , a labor-onented community seMee 
orgaOlzallon, /Tleets In The EucalyplUS Lounge upstairs Irom the Food 
Co·Op al the Siudeni Center on Thursdays at 7 p.m. 
, InteIVallily Christiln Fellowship. Come meel cool people and 
devel0~ YOU relatIonShip With God No expenence necessary Every 
Thursday al 730 p.m. Revelle/MUir WLH 2005. MarshalllWweni 
Roosevf 119. 
• AmnII') International worl<s to protect hlXllan nghtsl MeetIngs /Nary 
Wednesday. 630p m. @ the Women s Center. JOin us. 534·5379 
'Interested in triathlon? Come lOIn Ihe UCSD Tnathlon Team. For 
more Inlormallon conlact Adlar Su 619·452·9406 or ema il 
Inalhlon@ucsdedu 
, JOin Student Pugwllh USA! Would yoo like to debate the elhies 01 
lechnology, cloning, the enVIronment, nudear proilieration and much 
more? ALL opillions are welcomel Meellngs are In the Old Studleot 
Cenler, SCC 12 (upstairs), check out our weJ(t http:// 
laes5 utsd edul-j01glbSonipugwash lor more Inlol 

w ee 

The UCSD Guardian 

gry? Save endangered speaes? Come to ~rg 
at 5:30p.m, 111 the old Student Cente~ 203- upstairs ~orn SOft IReseMS. 
• TIbIt TtnnilCIub 0 UCSD, Wednesdays 7·llp.m. RlMACAc1Mty 
Room 1. Free pfay every 1'tI<l. nl9ht. 
'Am GrId IftIIIInaI have been changed to Thurs. OSp.m. in CCC. 
Apphcabons due 111 Mecha oIK:e by the end 01 1st Mek 10 Febl " the 
app. IS nolln or you do not par\Japate, you may nol walel 
• UndIIgrId Glyt9laeXUIIIlln's GnJup meets Thursdays at 6·7 
p.m. at the Old Studenl Ctr. Sooth Conference Roorn B. For more 11110 
call 534·3755. 
• MIlling of PiIr Review ro.InwIIIrI, Tuesdays, 12-1:00 on the 
SIO campus. See oor webpage lor Inlo, shu11fe sdledufes. Come hone 
your speaking skills, Increase yoor confidence In a supportive audio 
ence 01 students and stal. 'We're here 10ryoo!' Cai EIaII1e, 558-0122 
IOf more 1010. 

RELIGIOUS SERVICES 
WIdnIIdIy, FtbnIrt 17 

, 12:00 Noon. PC BaJ~oom B. AlII WecInIedIr: Come cefebraleAsh 
Wednesday wi the CathoflC, Lutheran, and Methodist Communities. 
Ongoing 
o fnIanMI DiIcUIIionI on principlll 01 tht II1II'11 FIlII, Free re-
freshments. Every Thursday 7:30p.m. 8799 Gifman Dr. tC Oust 01 
campus) For more into: 558-8220 or bahaiOUC5d.e«*J 
• SIIIIIMI ..... II1II dInnIr are free lor students every ... al 
Sp.m. Cal 822·1047 lor Iocabons. SponsorId by HIeI and wo. 
SERVICES & WORKSHOPS 

WecInIedIr, FtbnIrt 17 
02:30 p.m. Career 5eMces CanIe( 1.1,,11 .. _ Room, "--y 
c... a Tnining: Hear a panel of~ pMrmICists Indphar· 
macy schoof educators discuss CIIIIIf pe1IIIlnd opporIIriies. nt 
the professionaf training process. 534-49311. 
• 4:l¥)-5:30 p.m. Price Certer, GaleryA.1IIdIcII8cIIooIAdniIIionI. 
Lum abO\A the proHe ot today's mediclllIudenII from Dr. Robel! 
Resnif(, Associate Dean of Admissions, UCSD School of Medicine. 
find oot how to make yourseft a oornpeIitive apptic:aIt Ind gel Slatted 
on your future todayl 
• 4:00-6:00 p.m. Women's Center. "legIf IIIgIIIi 1or ...... 1nd 

~ o..-tfc PIrInn," An 0\'Irview of. iauIs fhal 
ile-long partners lace V$, mamed OOII'IIIrpatIs. Topics inWII: indi-
cating·par1ner'for ·spouse·. pamnipagr-a, ...... ptmna, 
adoption, co-parenling, and nameIdocIInenI revisions. FdIated lit 
Maerrilnne Dean. For more into cal 534-4374. 

'I1IIndIr. F-..y II 
• 4:QO.5:30 p.m. Price Certer~rside Room. FREE KIpIIn 
VIrbtI WINbIIop, Learn ehcfive strategies to get the scores )'OU 
want on the MeAT, GAE, OAT and other health-slandanized tests. 
Come prepared to solve sampfe problems Ind watch your scores rise!. 

FridIr, F-..y I. 
• 9 a.m. Career SeIVlC8S Center, 'Online Career lJb. How 10 Seal! 
PraIIIeionIIIIIII GreduIII ScIIaot 1M! on ... 1MamIt: Learn how 
to use Web Sites and seartfl engH18S 10 find mtormaIion abO\A gradu-
ate programs, finanaalaid, and fellowships, and general advice IIIotA 
applyll19 to professional 01 graduate schoof. Sign up in advance. Lim· 
ded space. 534-4939. 
• 12:00-4:00 p.m. Pnce Cente1 GaleryA. .. on FInI, I worllshop 
01 the AAASRP Focused Research Group on Popular Music, WIll ex· 
amine Alncan and African diaspora mUSlcaf lorms, styfes, and genres 
in socill hlstoncaJ, and pofiIicaf oontel1. There are three viSIting scIlof. 
ars presenbng, as well as m~ Dominic Kanza. 

Ongoing 
o h's HIlt! Pidl up yoor copy of the career Services Centers Winter 
Calendar today and start pu\1Ing yoo fOb seartfl 01 graduate schoof 
plans in high geaI1 Don't mISS a great tineup of events including ca· 
reer Expforatlon Panels, On·Campus Interviews, Job Fairs, Protes· 
slOllll & Gra<1llte School Info sessions and more! 534·3750. 
• JOBSI JOBS! JOBSI· 24fT at www-csc.ucsd.edU:Aocessthousands 
01 lob liSlings on the Career SeMCeS Centers homepage (www· 
csc.ucsd.edu) at any\Jme on any lnIemet-(()M8c\ed oomputerl S91 
up today lor On-Campus InteMews or apply lor worll·study JObs, lull· 
bme or part·tlme lobs, internships, career positions, and co-ops. FOf 
more Inlormabon call 534·4472. 
• Inlemted in GredUliIt or Profestional School? VldeclS, cata· 
logs, and directories on vanous programs are ava~abIe al the Career 
ServICes Center. Pick up inlormabon sheets on prepanng lor admlS' 
SlOns lests, applying lor Iellowships, obtaliling relerence letters and 
Writing personal statements. For more inlo, check out www· 
csc.ucsd.edu or caJI534-4939. 
• C..., Advising tor Undergrldullt II1II GtIdUIIIt StudInIs Lei 
expert career advisors at the Career Services Center help yoo idenbfy 
career opportunlbes that malch yoor goals, interests and sk~ls . Get 
your resume cnbqued, expfore potential careers, leam how to networl< 
and obtain valuable career InlormatlOll. Drop-ins: M·F 1:30-4prn. 
Morning appts. available. Call 534·3750, For more inlo, www· 

Ongoing TIIuI8dIp 
• 12:JO.2 p.m. 242 Sociaf Sciences 1UkIng. St • ...- ... 
pOIt ~: In a safe environment this group wit IoofIIi how .. 
sexual assaUt (rape and altempl rape) contiooes to aIecI day-tlHlly 
iVlllg, Led by Nancy~, 534-5793, Ind IIevtIti ~ 534· 
358S. Cal Nancy 0I11evt1ti for Pf'iIOUP fIJPOinIment. 
• 2:30-4 p.m. 242 Sociaf Sciences Bldg. Adult CIiIdrwI of AIcoIIoI-
ica AdWIIICId TIInpr ~: This is 11hInII¥ group torlludenls 
who tIM gown up in a _with afoohoIlIIuIe and ... 10 worft 
Ihrou;. perSONI issues. Prior individuIf 1!'!'IP.'f 01 f1eIItII'I is 
reoommended. Led by Emitt 1ttGraIh. Gal ~ =1 tor a pit-
group appoiI'IUnenI before corning 10 the group, 
• w.&IIIm~: 12:45 to 2:15 p.m. oM you IMlhIppy will yow 
IICCOIIIpIishments? oIlo you long tor tilt VIidIIion and IIIIIOIIJWII 01 
others? oM)'OU!1IIbIe 10 arliaNte yow..,.. and neecilllAIm 10 
generate n maiIQin a more stable and hIrmonious _ at .... 
esteem in)WI daItt ill. This M-1IIiIIk worbhop ilCUtIII_ hofnt. 
worft and lots of pIldice. Led by Equiffa Wle, ~, Ind Itiie 
Gofden, 534-3456. Calf Equiffa 01 Nidcie to join fie group. 
o .... II1II .... 1IoIIIIId. CIIIdNn: 1:00 to 2:30p.m. Women', 
Studies Confertnce Room, 2025 HSS. This group ... """ and 
women whohMexperiencedcllifctlOOdlndadolelclntBUllf ... 
the opporUi1y 10 obIIIn suppoII from otI*I who tIM hid IinifIr 
experiences, to acquife coping mecnnma Ind ..... and 10 IIPIOrt 
fie bIuma (ft! usefU). Members wit tIM ... chInce 10 qft 
IOaII for deafing with inlense emotions Ind me-Iheir (1IIIWf tor· 
nIIdIbfe) resilience. TIll groupI provide III erwirorvnInIllhich .. 
for eJq)forltion of lactors IIhIch 1lIIY tIM medllIIkiIg hIIp malt 
ditIicUI. Led by :,r." foIupovici, 5J.4.C2551nd MIry Viti\ki, 534-
5905. A,..,..,.. ................... group 1IIdIr ........ 
TinII...., cMngt._ .... ell 

Ongoing FridIp 
• I()' I 1:30 A,M, ConIpuIIhe EllIng ..... ~: led by Reina 
Juarez, 534-3875, Ind Mary \tille, 534-S905. Gal MIry 01 AeIna 10 
sign up Ind to obtain the location. 
• 12·1 :30 p.m. 242 Sociaf Science 1IIifdinV. WhIr, ~ Gal To Do 
WIllI II? Am I gelling too invofved 100 qIiddy? Wtrt is • 10 hard to 
InxSI himnler? kit I r8peating the same desIrucIive palltms7 Do IIPJ 
of these questions soood lamia!? n.e Ind many oilier IOjIics are 
mscussed in this coed group for IIIIdlInd 1IIderpII. led by li1dI 
Yoong,534-3987, Fndays 12·1 ::10 p.m. Students IhOIAd calli1dI to 
sign up. 
03-4:30 p.m. Elling,1Iodr fmIgI, II1II R,lllio .. "''' This groupI 
IS lor women who habitualy dill, binge, and ptMgI, n. focu5wi1 be 
on exploring the IIlderfying issues (sett esteem, el.lI) AIIaIed 10 tIIir 
reIabonsIip with lood. led by IIevtIti ~ 534-3585, Ind MIry 
WoiIke, 534·5905. CaB Bev 01 Mary to sign up for the group and 10 
obIaI1 the location. 
o 12·1:30 p.m. Cross CUVIf Centet AeANlcln c-iIr fo. 
RIll: This infonnaf drop-in group is desipd 10 addrea the concerns 
of AsiarVPadfic Islander sIudents It UC'SO III SI4IPOIM and pr0b-
lem soMng atrno6phere. Issues such as career Ind acadernIc sue· 
tell, tIINy preaures, cuIturIf idenIity and rtIaIionIhI!1In poIIib1e 
lopics. Feel lree 10 bring your Iooch! Led by .Jeanne Manne, 534-
3035, and John Wu, 534-1579, 
• 2-4p,m. Half Dome Loooge, Muir College. AIcoIIoIIIIII SuIIItInce 
...... Support~: "yoo ever tIM eve! laked yoursef, '1lo I 
tIM I problem with .. .. .. . 7', then perhIps roo are ready to explore 
the response. Led by Dan Munoz, 534-0251 and Mary WJi\ke, 534-
5905, Ind Jelly Phelps. 822·2614. 
04:30-6 p.m. Cross eu.utaJ Center, 510 lJnN8f1Ity Center. CImpua 
8tICfI FoIUm: Campus Black Forum is an inlormal, SI4IPOIM gall-
enng (students, stal and lacuIty) where we inV1te open discussion and 
exchange ideas, queSllOnS, and concerns on any topic relevant to the 
lives and expenences of people of African descent. Led by Linda Young, 
534·3987. Fndays 4:3O-6p.m. Cal linda lor II1formation. 

LECTURES 
Wednteday, ~ 17 

• 12:JO.2:00 p.m. MedII CenterlCornmlllicafion Bdg. Herbert I. SchiIer 
Room 201. "WhaItvw HIppIned 10 Sell RIIiIIa? TIll CIIInaina 
of Politics 01 TMam II1II DMtopmanIIn IndII (1114-1.,": 
Presented by Paula Chakravartty, Dept. 01 Mass Communication, lklj. 
versrty 01 WlSCOrlsin-MadlSon. 

TIuedIy, ~ II . 
• Noon. Cross Cuhural Centet "TMiIIon ScripII and 1IICiII1nIIr· 
enct: TIll Conoaivt IntIuInc:e 01 LocII NIwI." Presented by 
Franklin Giliam, Dept. 01 Poilicaf ScIence, UCLA ~ by Cen· 
ler lor the Study of Aace and Ethnicity Ind The EIhrIic Studies Depart· 
ment. . 

Monday, FtbnIrt 22 
csc.ucsd.edu. 

"'-'- ............ ' 12:QO.I :30 p.m, Media CenterlCorrunoolcation Bldg. Hertbert SchiIer 
-.,.... ... --'. Room 201 . "fnItmItphIiI. dngutIIion: mediIIoII, digftlldI-

, 3:JO.5 p.m. 242 SOCIal Science BYikfIng. lJndergniduIIa Growth IIn'nInIIm and tilt .... " Presented by Korima Patafis, visi1ilp 
~: This coed therapy group IS designed lor students who want to lectureer, Dept. of MeGaiCommulllClbons, Goldsmiths CoIege, lklj. 
leam to develop more intimate refabonshipS of aM types. The goals are vefSCy of London. 
10 help students grow 111 unlderstanding themselves and their Interae· EVE NTS & REC RE ATION 
tlons with others. Previous individual therapy is recommended belore '" I 
JOining the Growth Group. Led by John ~, 534-1579 and Jet Nafin, TUIIdIy, FtbnIrt I. 
534·1725, Call John or Jet to sign up lor the group. 

"'-'- -....-0- • 3:00-4:00 p.m. Price Center Gallery B."""'" StINnr. GIfI. 
-.,.... ... ~_. dIr II1II LeedInIIip Wurbhop. To be preiented by the Ybnen's 

• 12·1 p.m. Women's Center, 412 Umversrty Center. "-lIng _ Center SIafI. Stlonsored by Student OrvaI1zations & leadership Op-
porI~, This group WIll oIer a forum lor parents 10 get together, por1\Ilities. FOImore intonnation calf ~I. 
share and leam lrom each other as we navigate together the defIghltuf WIdneedIy, FtbnIrt 17 
and yet not so pfaad waters of parenthood. Led by Reina Juarez, 
534·3675, and Jeny Phelps, 822·2614. ca. Reina or Jeny 1001nfor. • 5:QO.7:oop.m, PriceCenlerTheat8l.lAIdII1Iips.n.: Do,and 
mallon and to SIgn up lor lIle group. Don'ti 01 CIIIting yow ~ ScIIaot pIIIOIIIIlIIIInIIIIlAn 
• 2:JO.4:3O p.m. HaK Dome Loonge, MuIr College. 1AIInoIC,*- OYeMIW 01 the entire admissions process inciJding wflat yoo shoUd 
SupporI Group, Family, parents, economics, lriends, refatlonships, be doing when. Sponsored by SOlO. For malt into cal5J.4.0501 . 
cutture and acadenlles - aH theses themes are explore toward the • 5:JO.7:oo p.m, Pnce Center Cove. AItInIIon TIIIIIIIr 8tudanII: 
goal 01 graduabon Irom UCSD, Led by Reina Juarez, 534·3675, and You arelnvtltd Io .. AU CImpuI TrIIIIIIr SocIII. RSVPs required 
Dan Munoz, 534-0251 . Call lor more II1l0rmalion. by 12 Noon 2117/99. CaN 534·3492. Food provided FREE! 
• 3.JO.5:30 p.m. Women's Center, 412 Unlversrty Center. GreduIII • 7:30 p.m SofIS Hall 107. ConNIIM lor WbrId DImocrIcy (CWO) 
Women'. Group: A year·long therapy group. Typal1hernes (gener· PIIMftII "Slnlggll1or '-; InIIiIIIIIII .............. " From 
ated by the members) Include aeaden1lclprtof8SSlOO8f identity. deal· the openlllg shot of Arabs Ind Jews jOgging together, tIllS film oIers. 
Ing with multlple roles, mainlilllllng romanbc refabonshlps, and proV1d· very dIIIerent parspactJVe on the IsraelolPlIeItinian conII!ct. 
Ing care lor sell. Led by EqlJlla Luke, 5~48 and Chnsbe Fukunaga, _, '""'-_ I. 
534·5989. Meets Wednesdays 3,JO.5:3Op.m. Call Equfa or Chnsbe • '-, '--r 
IOf a pre-group appOintment • lOa.m.·2 p.m. OptometJy Dept Pano (located behind SUlenlHeIIth). 
, 4·5 p.m. Thurgood Marshall COllege Dean's Conlerence Room. Free ...... 01 tilt compIMIh of DonnI KImt of ,... Vorl! 
SI .... II-vernent ~: A SIX S8SS1on, personakzed workshop (DtCNY) fIIIion .... l1111 ......... FREE gllrllWaySl FOI more 
IIlat Will leach you specifIC sk~ls to cope With stress, Including refax. 11110 cal 534-2602. 
aliontrallllllg, bmemanagement, andasser1lvenesssfalfs. LedbyJeny • 5·QO.7,00 p.m Pnce CenterTheaItr. "A IIuIicII Journay: AllIcIn 
Phelps, 822·2614. Call Jeny lor IOlormahon or to sl9" up, IIIdAfriclnDillporl .... FonnIIn~I'tnpIctht", 
• 4:30-6 p.m, 242 Social Sciences Building. Gr ........... II1II alecture-concertbyfllema6onaly1Cdalmed_lIIIIc:ornposer 
W-'. Group: ThIS group IS lor graduate students who are IIlIer· Dornnc Kwa Free to UCSO camjIUS Ind general public. TIll .... 
ested 10 eXpfonngr

e 
ipS, are~1S Sf)OnIOI8d by the AIncan IIId Afncan.Amencan SUIts ReIIIIdt personal concems. ( group t lime IS . PIOfId Ind the Department of EIhrIic 9udIes. 

o e 16-23 

Tuesday, February 16, 1999 

the army's developed a new 
kind of bomb 

it doesn't physically effect 
buildings at all 

but it destroys them 
emotionally 

some buildings hit by the new 
bomb no longer lift our spirits 

others no longer oppress 
our souls 

most buildings aren't 
effected at all 

john barber, 1999 

Tuesday, February 16, 1999 The UCSD Guardian FEATURES ') 

PSYCHO THERAPY 
Psychotherapist Mary debates the value o.f self-censorship 

MARY HIGGINS 
Senior Stall Writer 

A disgruntled reader ("D.R.") 
compounded these feelings or guilt 
last week when she wrote Ihat I'd 
finally mastered the skill of "Ialk-
ing out of one's ass" and thai my 
recent column was simply a "play 
or'! stereotypes, some lame repeti-
tion of the same old slupid things." 

I'll admit that my immediale 
reaction was to feel indignant 
because D.R. had misunderstood 
the intent of my column - to poke 
fun at Valentine's Day and stereo· 
typical gender roles. II would be 

tasteless jokes about homosexuali-
ty. I've been lislening to Stern a lot 
lately as I drive to work; I alter-
nately loathe and admire the man, I 
think it lakes a 101 of guts to air his 
opinion 10 millions of people, This 
guy wakes up every morning 
knowing Ihat a 101 of his listeners 
not only hate what he says, they 
hate him personally, This self-
imposed social leprosy can't be 
easy to live with, 

On the other hand, I intensely 
dislike Stern for all of the obvious 

Stern isn't making some sorl of :t 
political statement, then what good 
purpose is he serving? 

Then I look at what I do 60 per-
cent of the time in my column -
satirize the stereotypical gender 
differences between males and 
females - and I wonder if I'm 
only a half-step away from Stern. 
(OK. more than a half step since he 
has a lot more money than I do and 
I have beller hair). 

II has occurred to me that I per-
haps perpetuate the same stereo-

oppressive countries are censored 
by their governments and live in 
fear of political retribution. I, on 
the other hand, praclice self-cen-
sorship with the fear of social ret -
ribution. 

From a politically correct notion 
of equality between men and 
women, I can see how what I wrote 
last week in the COs/IIoG,wrdillll 
issue could be considered ignorant. 
Even though my comments ahout 
gender roles were meant in jest, to 
some people the column was still 
hannful. 

I spent the firsl four hours of my 
Presidents' Day weekend taking 
the California Basic Educational 
Skills Test (CBEST). For those of 
you unfamiliar wilh any exam 
other than the formidable MeAT, 
the CBEST is what you take to get 
your teaching credential. 

I bring this up because I was 
given an essay question asking 
me 10 write about the censorship 
of high school newspapers, (This 
was a relief - I'd worried they 
would ask me something like, 
"Name three 15th century explor-
ers and discu~s Iheir contribu-
tions 10 European land wars.") 
Luckily, I'm a writer so free 
speech is a subjeci I think about 
often. 

In my opinion, however, the efforts to sanitize our 
media are equally harmful and unrealistic, The 
Sterns of the world may disgust us, but a lot of 

people really buy into his bullshit, Stern did not 
invent homophobia '" he is Simply a distasteful 
reminder that prejudice is alive and well in our 

SOCiety, 

In my opinion, however. the 
efforts to sanitize our media arc 
equally harmful and unrealistic. 
The Sterns of the world may dis-
gust us, but a lot of people really 
buy into his bullshit. Stern did not 
invent homophobia .. , he is simply 
a distasteful reminder that preju-
dice is alive and well in our soci· 
ety. 

Disgruntled Reader wrote that 
my column was "off the wall" and 
"totally far-fetched" but I disagree. 
What I wrote did play on stereo-
types that all women are "WeSI 
Side Story"-Ioving freaks and that 
all men think Jennifer Love 
HewiU's breasts are worthy of 
comment. I agree that these stereo-
types - although they provide an 
inlinite source of humor for people 
like myself - would bC bcner left 
hchind as we move on to the next 
millennium. 

My on-going interest in free 
speech was renewed a few weeks 
ago afler discussing journalistic 
oppression with a visiting lecturer 
from Malaysia, The fact that jour-
nalisls in many countries live with 
Ihe constant threal of politically 
motivated violence both appalls 
and shames me. After all. I'm a 
writer for the Gllardian; I have 
freedom to write about anything I 
choose and the dosestthing to vio-
lence thai ever threatens me is hos-
tile e-mail from angry readers. 
Sometimes I feel self-conscious 
thatI'm not doing something more 
intellectual with all of this free-
dom. 

easy to shrug my shoulders and tell 
myself, "Well, forget about the Dis-
gruntled Reader! That's just one 
person." 

But it doesn ' t work that way. 
First. I really care about what peo· 
pie think. particularly someone 
like D.R, who takes the time 10 
write to me. Second, I'm constant-
ly concerned about my role and 
responsibilities as a writer. I start-
ed to think I should stop trying to 
entertain UCSD and concentrate 
on using my First Amendment 
right for something more produc-
tive. 

Whenever contemplate 
responsible journalism, I think of 
Howard Stern whose radio talk 
show is often a forum devoted to 

Turning Intelll,_nee Into Information. 
Before CIllO) •• revolutionized hospital Clinical Information systems in 1985, 
patient dela management could be an agonizingly slow process, Today,our 
technolotlY eliminates cumbersome paper files. helping hospitals updele records 
in seconds. Headquartered in the La Joffa (UTCI area, our team of software 
and hardware engineers. researchers. and manufacturing specialists are 
using the most advanced microprocessor technology to develop the systems 
that set the pace in the industry. If you'd like to contribute to technology 
that helps save fives. get your resume to CfiniComp. Fast. 
We're seeking Individuats with a goal of a Bachelor's degree In a technical area 
and knowIed&e of any of the following: UNtX. Windows NT, Object-oriented de· 
sign. C/CH, Java, GUI" 

On c.n.pua Interviews: 
F.......,17,1199 

c.t8ct,.... c..... c..- or ....... ,..,,... .... faat for 
....................... 

Also see us on campus at the: 
Decaf ~ Job Fair 

• .. 2,1_ 
We offer excetlent sataries IIId benefits. Send your resume to: CIIIIICeIIIII. ..... , 

AttII: IIMICID, ......... CeItIre ............. CA tu21. 
Fax: (6191 546-1386. E.-mait: jobeOcIinicomp.com 

www.c:IIIioonIp ( CllnlComp, Inti.) EOE 

reasons, He is arrogant, shallow 
and insulting, I listen to this guy 
nippantly make jokes about "fags" 
and it sickens me. I try to reassure 
myself that he can't possibly be 
that prejudiced; perhaps by 
dwelling on these stereotypes and 
inflaming his listeners. he is trying 
to make a point about our narrow-
minded society. I try to listen for a 
deeper meaning ... but sometimes I 
don't think there is one. Like my 
Disgruntled Reader, I am pro-
foundly disappointed. 

Perhaps he is just a "shock-
jock" after all, abusing his First 
Amendment right to free speech 
JUSt to gain allention and wealth. 
His show seems to be strong evi-
dence for censorship ... after all. if 

types that I'm aUempiing to sati-
rize, Knowledge that my words 
may be taken the wrong way is the 
number one reason why I never 
write about anything I consider 
"sensitive." For example, I spend 
a lot of time analyzing relation-
ships between men and women but 
I never approach the topic of 
homosexuality. I also never write 
about racism. People might incor-
rectly assume from this omission 
that I don't care - or that I am 
unaware of - these issues. In 
reality, I'm JUSt petrilied of writ-
ing something that will get me into 
trouble. 

In a way, I have a lot in com-
mon with my fellow journalists 
around the wcrld, Journalists in 

However. I'm dubious that this 
can be accomplished simply by 
pretending these stereotypes don't 
exist. 

Send e' /Ilail 10 
mhiggins@ucsd.edu. To who/llever 
pili thaI Valentine's Day personal 
for me in Thursday's paper .. . Iltat 
lVas rea/J)' SlVeet and ),011 lIIade Illy 
day. Thanks, 

Study Japanese this Summer in Tokyo! 
Study and live at Waseda University during the 
eight-week 1999 WasedalOregon Summer Japanese 
Program (June 21-August 13) which offers immersion 
courses in Japanese language (4 levels) and workshops 
in Japanese Business Communication and Japanese 
Multimedia. Earn 18 quarter/12 semester credits in 
Japanese language equivalent to one year! 
Prior language study NOT required. 

Scholarships available! 

WasedalOregon Summer Japanese Program 
Oregon Partnership for Int'l Education 

921 SW Monison Street, Suite 548 
Portland, OR 97205 

info@opie,org (800) 823-7938 
www.opie.org 

• what bandl 'tI.o,., ".. IofJilay? shotdd II be l!' weelllons' make your voice beard. write Guardian Opinion 



10 FEATURES 

CULTURE: 
Language c.ontains 
more mean I ng 
Continued from page 9 

;\llellllin!! ,c hoo l ~ wher..: 
I..:arll ln!! abou l ull il! rent cultur..:,> 
I, pan 01 Ihe <.:urn<.:ulu lll can ea,c 
(he cullur..: ,hod. thaI lIlan) Inla -
IWIIl )n.iI ,IUU':IIl, ..:\pcnen<.:c . 
a1t1H1U!!h lila) hl' 

' Imple Ihmg In '>0 many word ., I" 
Japane.,e culture i, found.:d on 

a \'ery long Iradilion. There I, a 
11J '>lOry hehlnd every aspecI of the 
culture Ihal IS engraved In each 
action and .:ach word . 

Ta ~JJ1 g .1 \,1, 11 to downtown 
'I(lkyo I .. li ke going through an 
o.:\ l1JhIlIOn of Japanese culture in a 
llIu,>e UJJ1 . Dcsplle the rich tradi , 
lIona l cultun.: that lapan has to 

olTer. it has heen 
11111 the h (lllle'>l<': ~ ­
ne~, alto!!e lher. 

"When I liN 
<': <l IIlC here. cul -
ture ,h oc ~ W'b 
Ihe la'> l thillg on 
III) Illlnd ," " lid 
Shil10 MlnclIlura. 

Many older 
Japanese citi-
zens are begin-
ning to wonder 
whether tradl-

" lid that this cui -
lure is diTllini ~ h ­
ing as a result of 
the ri,ing popular 
culture. Th.: 
younger genera-
tion has heen crit -
i<.: il.ed for "Iorget-
ting" their culture 
and abandoning it 
for oiher forms of 
pop culture, par· 
ticularly that of 
Americans. 

a Juni or at 
Wheaton Colkge 
111 Ma"adlu'>etts. 
"I wa, more wor-
ri ed about 
whether I'd do 
we ll in , d lOOI or 
\\hether I'd g;lIn 
th at . Fre,hlllan 
15.' But it turned 
out th .:.: olher way 
.II'OU nd and I wa, 

for 
almo,( a 1lI0nth !" 

O m: of the 
lI1o, t common 
dl f l ere n ce, 
he twee n Japan 
and A Illcnca I hal 
llIy,e ll and 1lI .ln) 
othcr Japanc,e 
.. (udenl'> nlll lCC I'> 
Ihal mCrl can, 
'>ce lll til he JIlor.:.: 
c Ollll ortah l .:.: 

ex pr..:,~i ng (heir 
Opll1l0n, out loud 
lhan the Japane".: 
do. In AJIll'nCan 

tional Japanese 
culture will even 
exist Into the 
next millennium. 
That might be 
being a little 
harsh on the 
younger 
generation; 
despite the 
seemingly 
nonsensical 
social 
phenomenon 
that the 
kogyarus evoke, 
they are at least 
contributing 
something. 

Elder Japan· 
ese fear that their 
culture i~ not 
hei ng passed on 
to the younger 
g..:nerat ion. 

In particular, 
many people point 
to the generation 
of hi gh s<.: hool 
teenage girls (col-
lec ti vd y referred 
10 a, "kog}aru") 
a, an example of 

ho\~ Ihe )ounger 
generall on dIll'" 
not <':. lI e .thout 
Japane .. e <.: ullur.:.: 
\Yllh their 1.lke 
1.ln, and hle.ldlcd 
h.llr. I h..:~ dl <.: t.IlC 
mu <.:h of \\ hat I' 

' OC IC(). 1\lI..:re C\prc,slng (mc,cil 
I, <.:on"dcI":u a pmll l\'e Irall . tht: 
ac t 01 suppre'l\ lng on.:.: ', Cnl\)(J(ln , 
and thoughl '> may ,ce Jll odd and 
evcn pa~'I\e to an ex tent. Seen 
from a Japanc,.: p..: rspecli \'e . th l' 
'>t.!':': llllng "pa" I\'ll y" i, just a, 
powerful a Illeans of ex pn:ssing 
one,e l r. and In some way, Il I, 
c\'en mOl'':': mea ningful. then 
c\pr,:,:,>s lng Il verha ll ) . 

For cxampk. I noticed that the 
cx pre"ion "lime )OU" i, nOI 
u,ed a, onen in Japan as it i, In 
JIlany Wo.: .. tcrn countri es. A ~ a 
re'> uli . il ha , more mcanlng when 
it is ac tually spoken. 

Di ITercnces het wccn t hl: 
Japanr:,e and Engli .. h languag.: , 
ar.,o make COll1lllunicat ion more 
diflk ult . Japanese students I have 
ta lked to olten have trouhle 
adJ ustlllg to th .:.: fas..:t that ~()Ille ­
thlll g th at take, one word to 
ex pl ai n in Japanese may need to 
he cx plained with a ~e rie s of 
word, in Engli sh. 

" I kept finding myself holding 
hack to say something in Japan· 
e,e, then I had to rClTlind Illy, elf I 
wa,n 't in Japan anymore." said 
MilUkl Takaha, hi . a , ophomore 
at Occ idental College. ' 'The lan-
guage part wa~ the hardest part of 
It all be<.:au~e I had to explain a 

"In" and \I h .t( I'> 
nOI /I "oll1elhlng 111( ' 01/ \l c' lI \~Jlh 
thcm. II I, pn:tly much guarantccu 
long-t.:.:rm ,u.:ce,\. SOmetl nle, thl'> 
I11can, 'Weanng loos.:.: . hagg) weI.., 
which IIK)k more like It:g warmer, 
Ihan anYl hlng .:.:I~e In Ihe l11iddle 01 
, uml11t:r. 

Many older Japanese citi/en, 
are heg inning to wonder whether 
tradilJOnal Japane~e culture Will 
eve n e:>' l, t Into the next millenni · 
UI11 . That might he heing a little 
luw,h on the younger generation; 
de,pile the seemingl y non,ensical 
, ocial phenolTlenon that the kog-
yarw. evoke. they arc at least con-
trihutmg something to lapane!>e 
pop culture, and their power to 
,way a large group of people i~ 
rr: markahle. 

Japanese wlture and Ameri -
can culture arc different in many 
ways. Thc fact that these differ-
ences ex ist should not keep stu-
dents from learning about other 
cultures. Instead. ,tudents should 
rcalile thaI thest.! dilTerenl:es 
makr: ,tudying in a dilTerent 
w untry sp.:.:cial and unique. 

"It just takes a lot of gt!lting 
u,ed to." said Teruya Karasawn, a 
third·yenr student at McGill Uni-
versity. "But after that , it 's like 
you have a whole new world open 
to you ." 

It's seventh week folks. 
Do you know when your 

finals are? 

The UCSD Guardian 

'.' '\")' i \" . ~ . . . . ~. 
-.. "',' ;,' ' .. ~,' '. ~~; 
,"K' ~~ ...... \) 
. \ , )VN ,",' . 

• ~ . i ~ . • 
. !l;<'< .. ' :" . . 
'\ ... • .... j ~ • f" " 
\iii,!"'!"') . ~, ·ft . \: ,~ \ ~, 
,'!'> . ' ,' . ,." '--4, • ~. (., ,t..h •. ' 
" ,.' ........., 711 i ~ ~~ . [' .~ ,. ~ .. '"./,;' 

.. i· 
/ ;\' . 

LINDA C. BLACK 
'/hhltlle Media Senlices 

The sun is Illoving from Aquarius 
into Pisces this week; it will he there 
by Fnday. A lot of this week is about 
that Aquarius-Pisces combination, 
,ince the moon is also in Aquarius 
on Monday. then on Tuesday and 
Wednesday it's in Pisces. Aquarius is 
the ~<.: icnti,l. of wurse, and Pisces is 
the ~ign of the believer. Pisces has 
the vision, and Aquarius linds the 
fU <.:b to support the theory. 

It is like Aquarius is the analyti · 
<.:al left hrain, while Pis<.:cs is the 
Intuiti ve right hrain. and we need 
both ~idcs to function, e,pecially if 
we'r.:.: going to fun<.:tion creativ.:.: ly. 
Tho.: lir,t part of th i., week ,>hould 
he very good for that. 

On Thursday and Friday, th .:.: 
moon I'> in A~i es a~ · the , un tran'lh 
IIl Ill Pi ,ce\. Thi .. <.:O Jl1h ine, Pi,cean 
1;lIth Wllh Anan HJca li, m, and 
L'llu ld In ,plre many of u, to try 
thlllg' \\C 1It:\\: r beforc darcd , O\CI 
Ihc \\ e.:.: ~e ntl , th t: IlHlon\ I rail'>! I 
through , tc;ld} '1:llJru, ca ll1l' u, 
tlll\\ n. hUI Vcnu .. . lo r Imc. I .. gO ll1g 
Illto AII C, on ~unda) Ihal ought ttl 
, pa r~ Ihlll!!' Up .1 Illl k 

PISCES 
1-,'/' I e) ,\ /{/I't/J.lO 

Your ' 1111 1.: C.III 1110 \ C II Hllin 
I.lln .. . 011 ~l onday. u,e It \\ helc It ' II 
do thc 11m'> I !!ooJ Don't get dJllty 
Oil Tuc,day alld W.:.:dnel-oday Acel-

G R A B6l 
GUARDIAN 
CenttalCamDus 

Arlit • . Bursar's. 
CaRJIII r... • unter Hall 
Club tted • &eiseI Ubrary 

General Stere • Gro" Cafft 
HSS I.ectm ..,Is 

Marshall Dean's OffICt 
"ed School Library 

M.O.M. • Pepper Canyon Apts. 
Peterson Hall • Porter's Pub 
Price Center • Rathskeller 

Registrar's Office 
Revelle Sundry Store 

Solis Hall • Tioga/Tenaya Halls 
Warren Lecture Halls 

York Hall· Undergrad Library 
University Bookstore 

USE Credit Union 

Outer Campus 
IIMAC • UNEX 

SuperComputer Center 
Institute of the Americas 
Gilman Drive Info Booth 

Torrey Pines Center 
North T.P. Info Booth 

SIO Library • Snackropolis, SIO 
Nirelllberg Hall, SIO 
Thorton Hospital, El 

Early Childhood Education Cntr. 

IUARDIII 

Tuesday, Fehruary 16, 1999 

HOROSCOPES 
dents could oceur if you're not pay-
ing attention. On Thursday and Fri-
day, you feel like you' re made out 
of money. Since the sun 's coming 
into Pis<.:cs just then. you ' ll proba-
hly want to buy girts for everyone 
you know. What a wonderful idea 
for thi~ weekend - a celehration 
of the sun 's transit into your sign 
with all of your friends and family 
in attendance! The moon will be in 
Taurus then, and one thing that 
symholizes for you is brotherly 
love. 

ARIES 
March 27 - April 19 

Team work is required on Mon-
day, but it 's also quite easy. Things 
could be taken out of your hands 
and finished before you even have 
a chance to give the orders. Tues-
day and Wednesday are intensely 
inspirational. Follow that little 
voice in the ba<.:k of your mind, 
especially if what it 's saying 
sounds like fun. On Thursday and 
Friday, the 1II00n will he in your 
sign . So i, Jupller. for luck, and 
Saturn . for di~c ipline . U~e hoth . 
Saturday and Sunday. the moon is 
going th rough Tauru, to teach you 
10 , pend money wl,e ly. Pa) atten-
lion 

TAURUS 
. 1/11'1/ .l{) - .\/(/)' .!() 

Your a\,>lgnment 1m Monday I" 
III 1.1) Im\ and lake not.:.: ,> . A per,oll 
\\ho thln~ .. he or ,he kno\\, e\ \: ly-
Ih lng \\ ,I nl '> to (cll you \~ h .ll to dll. 
.lIId ) Ilu' d hc ,\ /,)(11 tll ,Irguc, C'P-': 
( Iall} right no\\ :-01c \.! t \\ Ith In \.! llll\ 
on ruc,d,l) .Intl Wcdnl'\da} to 
, hall' Itk'I'> anti '>upport . Th~ h..:at " 
turned up on ThuI,ua) anti Fnday. 
hUI nOI 10 WOIT) . Your team \:onle\ 
to th~ rescuc. Sa( urda) .Iw' got 

some setbacks, but Sunday should 
be absolutely marvelous, especially 
for a get-together with friends . 

GEMINI 
May 2 J -.111 ne 21 

You could cinch a deal Monday 
that would open up all kinds of new 
horizons for you. Looks like the 
sky 's the limit, and maybe not even 
that. Inspiration strikes again on 
Tuesday and Wednesday. There arc 
problems coming up, but that 's 
fine. That just means you arc grow-
ing. Organize your team on Thurs-
day and Friday. You don't get extra 
points for doing everything by 
yourself. Ponder a serious decision 
over the weekend. This is not 
something you want to rush into. 

CANCER 
.lillie 22 -.l1I~Y 22 

Monday is about money, spccili· 
cally money you can get from other 
people. This could he loans or 
grants, or even some son or in~ur­
ance plan, hut it looks like an appli-
calion is required. Your luck's good 
Tllc .. day and Wednesday, although a 
change ma) he necl!~sa ry to get what 
you want. Trust one who lo\c, you. 
-rile the lin~ Thur~day and Friday. to 
Jlnpre<,s an aUlhonty ligure. You llIay 
hc ti red h) the w.:.:..:h.: nd. ,0 plan 
'>Ilnll.: thlng rdaxlIlg 'Wllh Incnd, 

LEO 
.l1/~J' J j - AI/g. JJ 

You lila) leel ~lI1d III lJrcd ,\1on , 
d.l). Your he, t pl.1I1 of al: lJon 1\ to 
handth.:.: a\\lgnm.:.:nt mcr III "lllle-
hotl) el-..:.:. You ,hou ld have a part , 
ncr \\110\ ahk to do tim nexI pan 
hcller than ) OU could an)\vay. Be 
walcllll1g for good ha rgai n, on 

See HOROSCOPES, Page 11 

GIVE US TIME 
TO REPAY 

YOUR LOAN. 

After just three years in the Army, your college loans 
could be a thing of the past. 

Under the Army's Loan Repayment program, each year 
you serve on active duty reduces your indebtedness by 
one-third or $1,500, whichever amount is greater, up to a 
$65,000 limit. 
. This offer applies to Perkins Loans, Stafford Loans and 

certain other federally insured loans which are not in 
default. 

And this is just the first of many benefits the Army will 
give you. Get the whole story from your Army Recruiter. 

619·488·1781 
ARMY. II ALL YOU CAN .I:~ 

www.goarmy.com 

Tuesday, Fehruary 16, 1999 

HOROSCOPES: 
Continued froIII ..... 10 
Tuesday and Wednesday. and also 
good investment tips. You ' re liable 
to lind a doozy. A foreigner hrings 
you luck on Thursday and Friday. 
and maybe a couple of surprises. 
Review options carefully Saturday, 
so by Sunday you know which 
choice is the wise one. 

VIRGO 
Aug. 23 - :'iept. 22 

You Illay fccl that it's almost 
more work that you can handle on 
Monday. Gct I'cedhack from the 
people you ' rc trying to serve. so you 
can put the right habits into placc. 
The right partner to ~hare your Inau 
,hould hcwme ohvious hy Tue,day 
or Wednesday. Be willing to hand 
over part of your burden. Your ener-
gy i, high on Thur~day and Friday, 
hut tension, are plentiful. too. Relax 
to avoid a headache. Plan to travel 
over the weekend. The change of 
scene will do wonders. 

LIBRA 
Sept . 23 - Oct. 22 

The intensity or a con versation 
you have with a loved one on Mon-
day may startle you . II' you want 
tillS person to li ghten up. jUM make 
the cOlllmllment. Who knows? It 
w uld ma~e your Iile ea .. icr. Launch 
CI'..:a ti ve projects Tuesday and 
W.:dnesday, es p.:.:ciall y the ones 
\Y llh lots of work involved. Let 
your partner tak~ the lead on Thur,-
day and Frida). in eve rything 
cxccpt '>pendlng llIoney. Save that 
lor the weekend . and you ket.!p hold 
o! the che<.: khook. 

SCORPIO 
Oct. 23 - Nov. 21 

Looks like you 'd rather stay 
home on Monday than do just about 
anything else. and if you can man-
age to pull that off, you definitely 
should. Love is the dominant theme 
Tuesday and Wednesday, and you' ll 
be working like a mule on Thursday 
or Friday. Join your favorite partner 
over the weekend for a game you 
have played for years. A hit of com-
petition will do you both good. 

SAGITTARIUS 
NOI'. 22 - lJec . 21 

What you ' re learning Monday 
could propel you into all sorts of 
new adventure, and you ' re deli -
nitely III the mood to study. That" 
perfect. Soak II up. Hang around 
the house Tuesday and Wcdne~day 
(0 get an on a good conversation 
ahout love. Thursday and Friday, 
you Imght declare yourself in a 
manner so bold you ~urprisc even 
yourself, but it will really feel good 
and do wonders for your self-confi-
dence. This weekend will be good 
for tackling a tough <.:horc. 

CAPRICORN 
Dec. 22 -.lall. 19 

On Monday, your problem is not 
acquiring the money but, more like-
ly. knowing what to do with it -
how to spend it wisely or where to 
in ve,t it. Practice new skills .Tues· 
day and Wednesday, and you'll 
<':o ll1e cI()~e to mastering them. 
Breakdowns at hOl1le on Thursday 
and I'nday lead to new ,olution'> for 
old prohlcrm •. Re .. ervc the weekend 
lor <.: udd ling a, much a, pO'> ~ lhle . 

The UCSD Guardian 

AQUARIUS 
.lall. 20 - reb. 18 

Monday, the new moon is in 
your sign, and that give you awe· 
some powers. Focus those not 
inwardly, but on helping others. 
Someone you know well could use 
your counseling now, so look 
around. Put your money where 
your mouth is Tuesday and 
Wednesday hy investing in a eause 
you know will work. Cut through 
the fluff on Thursday and Friday to 
get to the real facts you need. Have 
friends over to your house this 
weekend instead of traveling far. 

BIRTHDAYS 
Feb. 75 - Feb. 21 

Feh. 15: You're incredihly power· 
ful thi~ year. Be careful. You may not 
know your own strenb'lh. Feb. 16: 
Focus on 1l1aking money this year, 
hut don 't take too big of a risk. You 
don't want to lose more than you 
gain. Feh. 17: Money is the topic of 
this year. You' II gather up lots of it, so 
make sure you save it wisely, provid-
ing for your future. Feh. 18: You' II 
need to leam about money this year. 
Whether you have too much or not 
enough depends on how you manage 
it . Feb. 19: This year the focus is on 
money and education. You'll learn 
more about money this year, or use 
the money you have to finance col· 
lege. Feb. 20: If the job you're hold-
ing is a horden, this is a good year to 
change. If you like it, maybe you'lI 
just take on more responsibility. Feh. 
21 : Looks like you make money ca,-
ily this year, but you'll also have a 
tendency to go through it quickly. 
Your a~signment is to lcam to he 
thriliy, even when you 've got a lot. 

MAJORS, MINORS, AND 
INTERESTED STUDENTS 

FEATURES II 

Starting February 15 
Me Donald's in 
CostaVerde Center 
will be open later! 
Sun thru Thurs. ~Il am 
Fri. & Sot. til 2 am! 

I FREE SUPERSIZING after 12:30 a.m. I 
4260 Nobel near Genesee 

.-----------------------

I 
I 
I 
I 
I ADVISOR f.C1'OROI.A MOroROLA 
• N<ws&_",~& stocl<s ' lIJRA EXPRESS EXPRESSX'TRA 
.. 29·mes~ mtl"l"lOfY • AIsm • TiIT'le 1~ manory • A&arm 

& dot< st4mQ • 0 musaJ .1tS . T""" & dol< 5IImp • 5 "'-"ICOi aIcJt 2O-mes509<' mtmoty • Time & dot. I (AJp/1a'1umtric P"9"'S _1aOif:) sIamp • 7 rru5IC.I.ItS·..."." 
I $3!f9 $4499 $5~ 
I AI prices ,nclra actM!Iion; • ___ .. ...a; \WO years htt 'o'OoCe ma,l, unllrnt(d pe9ms. and I SouIIwn ~ "-*.., L.s 'Ie9II COVIfI9C. Some res~1CIJOnS apply. 
I 3 ACnWO'E YOUR PRE-owNED PAGER 
I • 69 Oncyu'~Pf!I)aId'IWII'IUII 1 S699n:lud<st_' SCMCC' __ '1 1iII .~ __ ftw IOC( mao! MId tee actJYation . he YClCclNIi..-d he 0C1MI00n 
I 2 YEARS FREE VOICE MAIL ON ANY ACTIVATION! GIFT I 
I PAGE Jt#.E ~~: 
I 5597 •• CIIImnont Mal ~. (In MIdIson SquIre ShoppIng Ccnwr) 6191!168-9898 I 
I MondIy trwu FIldey 1000 1m 10 6 00 pm . Stturdty 11 00 1m to . 00 pm • VIW • ~Icr(.,d • 
I Amt'lIc.n hpt'~ss· [)1SCQYtf · New custon'\trs only MuS! pfescnl ad Olters expire 'V9l /Q8 I 
------------------------

< «, ~ ¥' ... 

""t:":' '~" ."".'i "~ 
r' , ' ~)Ij" l 

.;It.... ". 

INTRODUCINC NEW FACULTY 
History majors, minors, at~d interested students are 
enco":raged to come t~ otl,r qttarterly informational 

me~tmg abo":t the undergraduate program in history. 
ThIS event wfll feattt1'e four professors Jvho have joined 
the history department in the last two years. Come hear 
Marta .Hanson (Chinese History), Becky Nicolaides 
(US Hmory), Naomi Oreskes (History of Science), and 
Stephanie Smallwood (US History) talk about themselves 
and their work. 

Schedule some tIme 
wIth U8 tills Sprlngl 

Faculty and staff will discuss requirements, advising, 
and the honors program, and will be available to answer 
your questions. So drop in any time between 4:30 and 
6:00 ~n Wednesday, 17 February and bring your 
questIons and suggestions for improving the program! 
Refreshments will be served. 
SAN FRANCISCO / SANTA CRUZ ROOM 

TOWN MEETING 

THOE 10 Theatre and Film. 
Afternoons at the movies! Why do some of us love the 
movies and stay away from the theatre? What is the place of 
drama in our lives? 
Mondays 2:()()..6:OOPM, Price Center Theatre. 
No Prerequisites. 

THOE 123 Mary Poppins Meets Blade Runner. 
There's never a dull moment in this exciting class as you 
explore scenic design (art direction) of significantly visual 
films through the decades. Taught by Ron Ranson, designer 
and independent video producer. 
Check out the high CAPE rating! 
Tuesdays 8:()C)..3:5OPM, SoIls 104. 
Prerequisite: Upper Division Standing. 

You can actl This series of classes is designed for 
students who always wanted to expwre the challenging, 
creative, and rewarding art of acting but never had the 
opportunity for formal training. 

THAC 1 Introduction to Acting. 
Jump in and get your feet wet! Through a variety of exer-
cises and improvisations, we will explore the imagination 
as the actor's primary resource and break down the barriers 
that inhibit creativity, See schedule for days, times, 
.-Nt IocatIoM (lot. of choIcnl). 
No PrwequieItH. 



12 CLASSIFIEDS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
I :l1ii .. e:J: I :(.,:at 
* ROUND TRIP COURIER FARESil 
London $349 Sing $300 Hong KOII9 $389 
Chine $360 Sydney $580 8Mlgkok $370 

>t40-80% OFF ALL FARES-
AIR COURI ER INTI·. RN ATIONAL 

1-800-298-1230 24 hr 

Our CD's 
make music 
for the soul. 
Covenant DiscipleShip groups 

Oricnl2llon Wednesday Feb, 17 
6 00-7.00pm Pnre Cenler 
O,ll' i.v Rl l'erside RCXJm 

Open to QII)I SlUdert' 
seeking spiritual fulfillment 

duringunt 

Sponsored by Weslq Foundation 
lnlled MelhodlSl Campus Mlnl. lry 

Reservations RnJuiml 
OffICe of Rdigll)u., AlTa Irs 534·2521 
ReI' G:IfY AnderMJn 5}l-69'i I 
gll anderSon@ursti.cdu 

Jewish Research subjects 
reimbursed for interview. If you are a 

The UCSD Guardian 

CLASSIFIEDS 
The UCSD GuardIan reserves Ihe "ghl to claSSIfy, edit, delete oHenslve words and 
phrases, andlor refuse any andall adven,sements without prior nollfication. The Adveniser 
will nol hold Ihe Guardian Iiabte lor any claims resulting from the publication of the 
advenisemen1. The publisher will also not be held accountable for any claim trom an 
agreemenl made between the advenlser and Ihe consumer. 
Copy should be reviewed by the advenlser lor errors. In order to be corrected In Ihe next 
regular issue, all errors must be reported by the corresponding deadline. Credit will only 
be given for the Incorrect portion ollhe advenisemen1. There are no refunds for cancellations. 
Pt ...... nd Itt cor ... pondenc. reglrdlng CI .. ,IIIed, to: 
UCSD GUlrdlln, At1n : CII .. IlIed., 11500 GU .... n Drlv. 10311, LI JOUI, CA 1120113. 
Actu .. locltlon: Sludent C.nt.r A, Room 217. 

UCSD student, 21-25, call 552-8585 
x4185 for more information. (1/25-21 
25) _______ _ 

POETs/WRITERS! ARTISTS 
Warren College Literary-Arts Journal 
CALL FOR SUBMISSIONS 

POETRY" PROSE: One copy with 
name, address, phone: 3 copies 
wlo name, address, ph. 
ART: Can be any medium, should 
include camera-ready representation 
as necessary (sculpture , etc.) 

WARRIN COLLI'I WRITING PROGRAM, UC 41 
WARREN STUDENTS ONLY 

NO LIMIT ON: Of SU~MISSIONS ' 
fOR INfO CAll 53 -1 306 B 

DEADLINE EXTENDED TO MAR 1 

Caucasian Research subjects 
reimbursed for interview. If you are a 
UCSD student, 21-25, call 552-8585 
x4185 for more information. (1/25-21 
?.51 ________ _ 

DrinkBeer Cheap, Eat Food Cheap, 
Get Books Cheap. Win Free Laptop 
www.thestarvlngstudenlcom(218-
16L ____ _ 
The Episcopal Students Association 
meets every Wednesday from 5:00-
6:30 p.m. in the International Student 
Center Conference Room for 
communion, Christian dicussion, and 
free dinner. Students, faculty, and 
staff welcome. Call 534-6549 for 
information. (2116) 
Leam Spanish in COSTA RICA! Don't 
take another class, take an 
adventure! Slide Show and 
information seminar 2117. ~39-4509. 
(2116)~ ____ _ 

EVE N T S 
Leadership seminar: Personal 
Statementa for Gr8duate School 
presented on 2117199 from 5-7 p.m. 
in the Price Center Theater, A 
comprehensive look at the "Do's' 
and "Don'ts' of crafting your Graduate 
School personal statement. An 
overview of the entire admissions 
process including what you should 
be doing when. Sponsored by SOLO. 
For more info call 534-0501 . (2111-

Classified Line 
Ad Rates 

Sludenll: 53 per 20 word, 
Faculty. SI8ft: S4 per 20 word, 

All 01lMrl: S5 per 20 word, 
Advance payment Is required. 

Classified Display 
Ad Rates 

S9.()() per column Inch 
Deadlines: 

_Ion DII. DiIpIIy Ada UnI Ada 
Noon Thurt. 3 pm Thurt. 
Noon Mon. 3 pm Mon. 

16), ___ _ 
Leadership seminar: Gender and 
LeadershIp Workshop to be 
presented on 2116199 from 3-4 p.m. 
in the Price Center Gallery B, 
Presented by the Women's Center 
Staff at UCSD. Sponsored by Student 
Organizations and Leadership 
Opportunities. For more 1nfo call 534-
0501. (2111-16) 

EMPLOYMENT 
learn Bartending 

Camp Wayne for Girls-sister ha" of 
brother/sister private camp in 
Northeastem Pennsylvania (3 hrs 
from liew York City) 6122-8/20199, If 
you love children and want a caring, 
fun environment we are looking to 
hire staff for: Tennis, Golf, 
GymnastiCS, Swimming (W.S.1. 
preferred) , Sailing, Waterskiing, 

• ~pt·ing bt'e~k fe'~et' ~~ . • • ~~~ + 
Party Hard,' Travel Safe I D ... c~~~~p l,vK(.ls. Gr('d.l d.dViv(., Niv(. p(.opl(., ~ PARIS spECIAL: 

$519dbl 
lir from LAX includes 5 nts basic 
hotel continental breakfast 

856 Grand Ave. Pacific Beach 
490-6222 

THINKING OF MOVING 
OFF-CAMPUS? 

Here's a break for your parents- a chance for 
them to write off some of your college tuition! 

How, you ask? 

HAVE MOM & DAD BUY A 
CONDO OR TOWNHOUSE! 

You can: • Rent the extra rooms to your friends ... 
• Use the rent money to pay for the mortgage .. . 
• You live in the condo for FREE, and ... 

SAN FELIPE 4 days $129. 
qU8d includes transportation 
HONOLULU 4nts $429. 
quad share from LAX 

LONDON: 
$497 
air from LAX includes 5 nts hotel, 
multi-share continental breakfast 
'or11(' reslncllons apply. SubJect to avadJblhly. 

Taxos not Includod 

-; CIEE: Council on International Educational Exchange ~ 
9500 Gilman Drive 
UCSD Price Center Ste. 76 
La Jolla (619) 452-0630 

- .. 

TOBIN 
One of UCSD's finest is also a 

Realtor®! 

• . .. your parents can write off the interest on the mortgage! 

DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY PAYING RENT! 
H ere's a way to pay for housing that is also an investment! Call Tobin today at 

COLDWCU,. 
B4H~eR l] ASSOCIATES REALTY 

Tuesday, February 16, 1999 

Piano, Basketball, Softball , 
Volleyball, Soccer, Self-Defense, 
Low Ropes, Drama Director, Drawing 
and Painting, Ceramics, 
Photography, Jewelry, Linoleum 
Cuts, Batik, Calligraphy, Sculpture, 
Guitar, Silk-Screening, Cheerteading, 
Aerobics, Video, Group Leaders, 
Drivers, Housekeeping, Night 
Watch person , Kitchen/Salad. On 
Campus Interviews February 22nd. 
Call 1-800-279-3019 or e-mail : 
campwaynegOaol.com (1/14-2116) 
'1500 weekly potential mailing our 
circulars. No Experience Required. 
Free information packet. Call 
(202)452-5940. (1/19-3129) 
Work Abroad! Student work 
opportunities around the world. Earn 
money while you travel 
internationally. Call1-888-Council & 
ask for Maria. (211-318) 

Yoh Scientific needs: 
-Chemists 

-Biochemists 
-Microbiologists 

-Molecular Biologists 
-Research Associates 

·LabTechniciansi Assistants 
-Chemical Engineers 
Fax (619)622·9048 

Phone (619)622·9005 

~!b 
EXCEPTIONAL SUMMER 
OPPOATUNITY-Camp Wayne,NE 
PA. Counselor Specialists for all 
Land/Water Sports . Outdoor 
Adventure; Mtn Biking, Rocketry, A 
& C, Drama, Radio, Video. Campus 
interviews Thurs., April 15th. Call 1-
888-549-2963 or e-mail 
waynebo sOaol.com. (211-314) 
'1 IlOO's WEEKL VII Stuff envelopes 
at home for $2.00 each plus bonuses. 
Work FfTor PfT. Make $800+ weekly, 
guaranteed! Free supplies . No 
experience necessary. For details, 
send one stamp to: N-34 12021 
Wilshire Blvd. Suite 552, Los Angeles, 
C~ 90025 (2/8-16) 
MALE & FEMALE MODELS. Our 
models have worked for Esquire 
Magazine, Skechers, Levi's, Estee 
Lauder, Coca Cola. Most ages OK! 
Beginner's OK! Great pay! Call- Otto 
1 (800)959-9301 . (218-5127) 
The Guardian Opinion section is 
looking for an Associate Editor. If 
interested, drop off your resume at 
the Guardian office, 2nd floor of the 
Student Center, or call Marc at 534-
~582. (2111-16) 
University Reader Company is 
looking for sales representatives to 
deliver course readers on campus 
for the first two weeks of the spring 
quarter. Punctual, responsible, and 
hard-working mandatory. Eam $300-
$700. Send Resume. FAX: (619)457-

9988 Hilben Street, Sle 100, San Diego, CA 92131 
Each office is independently owned and operated 

(619)637·0609 (voice mail) 
(619)621-5279 (office) 
e-mail:Finestrealtorfjhotmail.com Costll Verde Shopping Center. 8650 Genesee Ave., Ste. 200 

(619) 457·9500 

Tuesday, February 16, 1999 

0141 , E-mail: bhamadehOaol.com. 
Call 619-540-8789 for information. 
(2116-18) 
MARKETING ASSISTANT 
WANTED: 20-40 hours per week. 
Implementing/tracking direct market 
ad campaigns. Managelbuild upon 
existing database. No telemarketing. 
Excellent verbaVwritten skills a must. 
Salary D.O.E., position available 
NOW. Fax resume to (619) 272-8999 
or Email tokeckOtri-star.org.TRI-
STAR Telecommunications. (2116) 
Childcare (in-home), Carmel Valley/ 
Del Mar area, two children ages 9 & 
11 . Afternoons/early evenings 
beginning at 2:30pm, Mon-Fri. 
Approximately 25 hourslweek. Must 
have car and valid driver's license. 
S6-8Ihour. Call 543-5232. 
HELP WANTED. Earn Extra cash!!! 
Make your own hours!! Responsible 
students to market/manage Citibank 
promotions on campus. Free 
giveaways! Eam $400+/week. Call 
Tawannaat 1-800-950-8472 ext. 114. 
(2116) 
FREE RADIO + $12501 Fundraiser 
open to student groups and 
organizations. Earn $3-5 per VisaJ 
Me app. We supply all materials at 
no cost. Call for info or visit our 
website. Qualified callers receive a 
FREE Baby Boom Box. 1-800-932-
0528x65www.ocmconcepts.com(21 
16) 
SalesiMarketing Internships-Eam 3-
6 K Working on your Campus 
Telephone Directory Excellent 
Advertising/Sales/PR experience. 
Call COLLEGE DIRECTORY 
PUBLISHING: 1-800-466-2221 ext 
233. www.campvsdirectory.com (21 
16-4126) 
Restaurant: HostessIHost. Part-Time 
weekends. $6 to S81hr. plus tips. Will 
also train for food service. Apply 
9:00a.m. t02:00p.m. Monday-Friday. 
The Eggery, Etc. 4130 Mission Blvd. 
Pacific Beach. See Phil. (619)274-
3122. (2116-22) 
Paid Marketing Intern Position 
Available for motivated students well 
connected in the campus community . 
10-20 hrs,lwk. Bonuses available. 
call Chris at the Princeton Review: 
619/558-0500. (2116-25) 

ROOMMATES 
Female nonsmoker to share 4 
bedroom townhouse in UTC. Own 
room. $320 + 1/4 utilities. Available 
311. 558-9269. (2111-25) 
Female Roommate for spacious 
clean 2 bdl1 bath apartment in P.B. 
Muter Bedroom $480 ($400 deposit) 

Loan Consultant 

Call ASAP. (619) 270-3904. Leave 
messe . (2111-18) 
Female Preferred to share 3 bedroom 
2 bathroom apartment in Solana 
Beach. $420 month 1/3 utilities. 
Available 2128. 481-2874. (2116-25) 

FOR RENT 
Own room. NearClairemont Square. 
House. Yard/patio. Washer/Dryer. 
Pets OK. $310 + deposit. 272-7761 . 
Avail. 311. (2111-18) 
Room for rent in UTC Renaissance 
area. Studying abroad- need to 
sublet, very nice place w/ tons of 
extras- cable modem, gara.ge, & 
more. With 3 other people. $475 mo. 
+ utils. Call Nico @ 587-9253. (2116-

~ 
Room for rent in UTC, close to schooV 
bus. Your own room for $350 + 1/3 

util~ . Call Alen 453-7944. (2/16-1~ 
Large Linda Vista home w. ocean/ 
bay view! $350, plus utilities. Cable, 
phone, washer/dryer. 984-7475/274-
4617. (2116-25) 
Large house on Diamond Street in 
Pacific Beach. $450, plus utilities, 
includes Cable, phone, washer/dryer. 
984-74751274-4617. (2116-25) 

FOR SALE 
Mac laptop, desktol', CD-Rom, 
computer speakers, and 2 Hewlett 
Packard printers for sale. Must sell!! 
For more info call Adolfo ASAP at 
421 -1373 from 6-10 p.m. (2/4-22) 
Canon Innova laptop. 360CD with 3~ 
mb RAM, Pentium Processor. 
Includes 28.8 modem. Windows 98, 
Plus! 98, 1997 Microsoft Office Suite. 
$800 or best offer. Contact Marc 
587-8875. (211-22) 
Hitachi Laptop: PII266, 64ram, 13' 
active matrix, 24x ethemet, 2much 
2lust, never used, retail $2,500., 
asking $2,200 oeo, Clay 452-3791 . 
(2116) 
Dell P133, 2.OGB HD, 84m ram, 17' 
monitor, modem CD, graphics accel, 
ethernet, Awe32sound, ACS 
speakers w/ subwoofer, under 
warranty, S550 obo call Nico 0 587-
9253. (2116) 

VV ANT E 0 
Caucasian Research subjects 
reimbursed for interview, If you are a 
UCSD student, 21-25, call 552-8585 
x4185 for more information. (1111-6/. 

The UCSD Guardian 

8585 x 2182, (~n-613) 

Asian 
Egg Donor 
Neededl 

Loving infertile couple is hoping 
to find a kind woman to help us 
have a baby. We're hoping 
to find someone intelligent with a 
Chinese, Japanese, or Korean 
background. Artistic and athletic 
talent appreciated. 
(800) 886-9373 ext 7225 

fOP!!ONl 
Compensation $6.500 

plus expenses 
Thank you for your consideration 

EGG DONORS 
-NK€ A DlfFEAmCr' 
in couples hves lhal are longIng to 

haw a ialnly, They need your special 
HELP. 

II you I,.. hellthy Ind betwHn 
111-30 yra old. 

Compenlltlon Is heartily given for 
your time and effort- $3000 ptu. 

$150 for t,..,.t •• pen .... 
Please call 

CREJITI'E COII:EPTIII, me. 
1-888 ... 11-£888 

, 1 I II I [ 11 /l,(l[ , 
•• ' t 'I, I '11.\( I '.' II , I 

Jewish Research subjects 
reimbursed for interview. If you are a 
UCSD student, 21-25, call 552-8585 
x4185 for more information. (1/11-61 
3) 
EGG DONOR to help private 
professional couple become parents. 
Confidential and legal. Under 30, 
intelligent, healthy, under 5'6', 
physically active, Caucasian . 
Interests in reading, music, dance, or 
psychology. Fair compensation. 
Successful pregnancy/ previous eg9 
donation a plus. Call (619) 793-4499, 
(2111-16) 
Give the miracle of life- Becoming an 
egg dorior. Females between 21 & 
31, call (619) 673-0885. 
(Compensation for time, 
inconvenience) (2116-6/3) 
UCSD students who want to 
experience life abroad. Many 
scholarship available . Visit the 
Programs Abroad Office for more 
information (534-1123) (2116) 

SERVICES 

(1/14-212~ __ _ 

PERSONAL INIURY 
FORMER LA & SO 

DEPUTY DISTRICT ATIORNEY 

JOHN l. PHIWPS 

• Auto 
Accidents 

e Dog Bite 
• Head 
Injuries 

[ Free Consultation l ~o RecoverylNo Fee J 
619.794.1700 
1125 Camino Del MIIr, Ste. 0, 

Del MIIr 

LOST & FOUND 
LOST: Gold Bracelet. In Rimac 
Racquet Sports Area- week of Jan. 
21 . Greek design. Please call 552-
0609. (2/8-25) 
FOUND: Gold Bracelet. In Rimac 
parking lot in December. Yin Yang 
design. Call to Claim: 552-0609. (21 

8-~ __ _ 
FOUND: Retainer. In women's 

Combine travel and study 

Open Enro!lment 

Earn university credlt 

CLASSIFIEDS 13 

restroom on Revelle campus. Call 
534-3311 to claim. (2116-25l 

PERSONALS 
Hey Jim, what time do you want to go 
tothe RIMAC AII-Nighterforthe Sony 
Playstation game toumament? How 
about 2:45a.m2j2l16) 
Hey Cutie-Voice, I know it's late but 
I mean it when I say that I would not 
have wanted to spend my first 
Valentine's with anyone but you! 
Love, your Love. (2116) 
Heather P,(ittenger)- what did you 
have to do to get that parking space? 
(2116) 
Jerry Falwell (got a lot of spare time, 
Jerry?) has outed "Tinky Winky" the 
Teletubbie. What gave it away, his 
appearance at the Golden Globes 
with Nathan Lane? (2116) 
Ann, it helps if you walk with your 
eyes open and epecially helps when 
you are awake!!(2116) 
Linda Tripp says she did Monica a 
' favor" by secretly taping their 
conversations about our disgraced 
President and inviting a lifetime of 
unwanted intrusion from the press, 
Thanks. (2116) 

University of California 
Berkeley Summer Sessions 

• F i nancial aid is avei labla INTERNATIONAL PROGRAMS 1999 

Guanajuato, Mczim·jlU1c 21-July 16 
SponiIh .... &. Latin ruInft 
Barb.doI, West Indica 
july S-August 3 
Caribbean educltion. cull""', oruI politicl 
FIorax:c, ltalyejuly 5-August 7 

South Mrit .. Palilira 
amu. -july 5-August 4 
am- biliary IIId c:uInft 
Madrid, Spain-june 26-july 30 
IIpoaiIb c:uInft IIId ctrihatiaa 
The Necberland&lBelgium 
jlU1e 2S to july 23 
DIa:h oad FlomiJb ~ ort, IIId 11_ 
"Havana, Qbaejune 14-july 9 

3) Horseback riding lessons for 

Cdom~ ""'-, oad politb 
Paris. Fnm:eejuly S-August 11 
Fnuh ...... &.c:uInft 
Londan,EogIandejuly 2-july 30 
A<Iq oad Laadaa tbeatR Volunteers paid $30.00 for interview. students/staff. $10thr. Westem or 

If you are entirely of Japanese or English. Imperial Beach area. Show 
Korean descent, age21-25, call 552- horses, no nags! Call (619)523-()474. 'Limited to U.C. Berkdcy otudmt. only 

------------------------------------~ 
I ASTHMA? : 

tfSHORT OF BREATH tfWHEEZE vtOUGH lICHEST TIGHT I 
.. RESEARCH VOLUNTEERS NEEDED IMMEDIATELY" : 

Compensation Available Upon Completion of Study I 
Call Today - $1,500.00 

ACTNOW 
• Test Experimental Drugs Not Available to the General Public 
• Age 18-40 Female: 18-50 Male 
• Do you use ONLY Bronchodilators like Ventolin®, Alupent®, Proventil®? 

S Imp.e screening • SIGN UP for Next Weekly Seminar! 
• Telephone AssessmenLs for information and eligibility requirements 
• Educational Small Group Seminars Conducled by UCSD PhysicYdns (md"',dual Appoml mcnts Avao lable also) 

Tests/OffIce Visits 
• Breathing Assessments Resul1s Available - FREE 
• Diagnostics Tests· Laboralory Test Results - FREE 

4330 La Jolla Village Dr. • M.D. Physical/Medical History/Asthma Assessment - FREE 
Suite 130 

San Diego, CA 92122 
619-969-3521 

University of California H ow long? 
• Approximately 2 years/Once every 3 months 

7b lind out how much home you can afford, give me a call. M eellcatlon 
San Diego 

UCSD Clinical Trials Center - La 10lla 
9500 Gilman Drive 

W.shlnllOn M ...... I 
............. ---~- ...... --............ ----........ --_ ......... _-_._ ... _ ... __ 11:-... 
__ . PA . __ W ___ ·IJcavr. .... ___ ... · IO. Nf. 1Ir 

• Study Medication provided at no charge 

A Ir . 1-aa8-UCSD-AIR 
I . Retlalberdle Easy NM!e! • (\ -888-827-3247) SeleCl OpIion'I 
1 ______ ------------------------------

La 101la, CA 92093 



, r 

14 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian 

Bruised by Bruins 
PAINFUL: UCSD suffered a three-game beating by UCLA on Saturday 
By Bill Burger end the Bruins, behind the hitting 
Senior Staff Writer and serving of Ed Ratledge, came 

Looking on the bright side. the {lut on top, 15-9. Ratledge totaled 
Tritons will not playa hetter team 20 kills for the match and also tal-
than they did last Saturday night lied an amazing 6 service aces 
when they took on the to lead the Bruins past the 
defending National struggling Tritons. 
C ham p ion ' The Tritons' 
UCLA Bruins . • "VOLLEYBALLI strong perfor-
On the not so mance in the 
hright side. UCSD was first two games led 
unahle to come away with a many to think that they 
vil:lOry, losing 13-15, 9-15. 4-15 . might be able 10 pull off a win in 
With the loss, the Tritons record game three. However, instead of 
fell to 2-9 overall and 0-9 in the taking a step forward, the Tritons 
Mountain Pacific Sports took a couple of steps back as 
Federation. they were suddenly unable to put 

Game one was a real battle and a ball away and equally unable to 
the Tritons managed to hang dose tame the potent Bruin attack. The 
throughout the game. Playing well game was never close and the 
on defense, UCSD was able to Bruins went on to the easy 15-4 
bring it down to the wire but the victory. 
Tritons eventually fell. 13- 15. The The Tritons were only able to 
Tritons were able to contain the muster II kills but committed 10 
Bruins' big hitters, holding them hitting errors while UCLA was on 
to a .265 hitting percentage while tire. tallying 15 kills and only 
hitting .229 themselves . recording one hitting error in the 

In the second game. the Tritons game. The game three victory 
were again ahle to hang close to gave the Bruins the match three 
the National Champions. The games to none. 
game was a dog light hut in the The Tritons were led by senior 

UClA 
UCSD 

1 2 
15 15 
13 9 

D. Jeffcoat: :11 kills 

3 
15 
4 

K. Seckington: 42 assists 

Devon Jeffcoat on, offense, who 
continued 10 be UCSD's most 
efficient and reliable attacker. 
Jeffcoat recorded II kills and only 
one hitting error and was one of 
only three Tritons not to record a 
service error. Sophomore Zack 
Hite led the team in kills with 16 
and also recorded 6 digs and I 

8843 V,11a La Jolla Dm'C! • La Jolla V,U'lI,C!" Ce"Il'T 
Near Who/., Foods & Sal,.{ftl 

block. Senior setter Kurt 
Seckington totaled 42 assists, I 
ki II, I block and I service ace 
while Ben Vernon chipped in with 
6 kills and a team high of 3 ser-
vice aces. 

The Tritons were plagued by 
their old nemesis. the service 
error, in the match against UCLA. 
In recent matches the Tritons 
have not suffered from service 
problems that were so prevalent 
during the early part of the sea-
son. On Saturday, however. this 
problem resurfaced and the 
Tritons totaled 19 errors. Coach 
Jon Stevenson has preached 
repeatedly throughout the year 
about the necessity of serving 
well against such high-level com-
petition, and in recent matches 
against Princeton University and 
BYU the Tritons seemed to have 
solved the problem. But they 
were unable to keep up that trend 
on Saturday. 

On Tuesday, the Tritons will 
"take the 8 to State" and take on 
the San Diego State Aztecs for 
their lirst away match in over two 
weeks. After that, the Tritons 
return home to take on Cal Baptist 
University in their first of four 
consecutive matches against 
Division III opponents. The next 
live matches are a pivotal stretch 
for the Tritons in their quest for a 
birth in the Division III champi-
onship tournament at the end of 
the year. 

The Jake 's On Yau 

TRACK: 
Tri-meet is blissful 
for Tritons 
ContIIIIIed ".. ..... 11 

. and then followed up with a first-
place victory in the 110 high hur-
dles with a school record-breaking 
time of 14.7 seconds. Also con-
tributing to the balanced attack of 
the Tritons was Ryan Friegang. 
who placed second behind 
Freeman in the 110 hurdles with a 
time of 15.72 seconds and also tied 
a personal record in the high jump 
with a. mark of 6'4". 

The women's running and 
throwing were equally successful. 
Sophomore and returning AII-
American Nicole Rodriguez won 
the 400-meter hurdles in convinc-
ing fashion with a time of 1:05.41. 
Not far behind her was freshman 
Cindy Dostalek. who came fourth 
overall with a time of I : 10.93. 

The women's pole vaulting was 
led by the strong performal\ce of 
Rachel Campbell. who brought her 
team some crucial points with her 
victory with a school record tying 
mark of 9'6". 

"We expect that Rachel will 

Tuesday. February 16. 1999 

break that record every week." 
Kamopp said. 

Also contributing in a major 
way to the Triton cause was 
Karissa Ortega. Ortega gave her 
team two first-place finishes on the 
day. one a 5'4" performance in the 
high' jump and the other a 
33'11.25" mark in the triple jump. 
Not to be forgotten was the two-
victory performance turned in by 
Christy Norton, who won the 
women's discus with a throw of 
139'S" and also handily won the 
women's hammer t~row with a 
mark of 14/'3". 

The Tritons won due to their 
balanced and efficient attack of 
running, throwing and jumping. 
Karnopp was pleased with the 
efforts of everyone on both the 
men's and women's teams. 

"We believed going into this 
meet that we had the strongest men 
and women's teams we've ever 
had." Kamopp said. "Claremont-
Mudd-Scripps is a team we hadn't 
beaten in a long time. It was a grat-
ifying victory for everyone." 

Next week the Tritons travel to 
Bakersfield to begin conference 
play against Cal State Bakersfield 
and Cal Poly-Pomona. 

sports writers needed. 
if' you like the stuff, 
write about it. we're 
not asking. 
telling. 

we're 
534-6582 

\ I I I I, I 

()XF()I~I) 
Lift with British 
stuclenll in the 

center of Oxford 
as an Associate Student 
ef an Oxford college at 

an affordable price. 
$8,2SO a semester. 

Tuition. Housing. 
Meals indudcd. 

ASSOCIATED STUDENTS OF UCSD Sa ... laID opdoa 
for two extraordinar, avants: 

WINTERfEST '99 and MAYA ANG~lOU 
OdoniStudy 

AbIOld Propammc 
33-35 Gcorse Sam 

Oxford OXI2AY England 
Telephone and Facsimile: 
011 44 1865 798738 

E·IIIIiI: 
oap@osap,dcmon.Q),uk 

Tuesday. February 16. 1999 The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 15 

Arena Invite Woes 
TOUGH: The Tritons manage one win out of four games 
By John ~ The Tritons went ahead midway into the 
Sports Editor first quarter. but the Hoosiers were quick to 

If there is any consolation tor the women's get on the board in retaliation. The Hoosiers 
water polo team after the annual UC San seored a pair of goals against a slumbering 
Diego Arena Invitational, it is that this week- Triton defense in the second quaner to take 
end was a learning experience. the lead, but UCSD found its way 

The Arena Invitational, held i back into the hunt after junior Dara 
Feb. 12 through Feb. 14, Burch's two-meter 
brought together II of penalty shol. From there 
the country's best the Tritons never looked 
women's water polo squads for a back, and won their first gallle of 
three-day tournamenl. Making the season. 5-3. 
appearance~ were perennial powerhouses Riding on momentum from the Indiana 
USC, Stanford and Cal. game, the Tritons were confident going into 

Stuck right in the middle or it all was the Saturday night's matchup against Long 
UCSD water polo team. Coming otT the Beach State, which was also coming off of 
tough trip to Hawaii, where the Tritons the morning with its 8-6 win over UC Santa 
dropped two games to the Rainhows, 17-6 Barbara. The Tritons kept things close 
and 14-4, Head Coach Denny Harper's throughout every quarter, but in the end. 
squad was tired up to get back on top. Long Beach prevailed by three points, 8-5. 
Though the Tritons seemed well prepared. UCSD looked to salvage a .500 tourna-
they were simply not slrong enough for this ment record wilh its Sunday morning match 
last weekend's tournament. and they fin- against UCSB. However, the Gauchos were 
ished the Invitational with one win and !lying high after their Saturday night 9-1 
three losses. shellacking of Indiana and were too hot for 

The Tritons came out strong against the UCSD. 
Bruins on Friday for their first match 01 the Things started off well for the Tritons. as 
Invite, but UCLA constantly stayed a few they got oil' to an early 1-0 lead, but the 
steps ahead of the Tritons and went on to Gauchos came back in the second quaner 
win, 12-7. The Tritons could match only with a game-tying goal. and never looked 
two of UCLA's lour lirst-quaner points. The back . The Tritons could not answer UCSB's 
Bruins went on to extend their lead in the three third-quarter points and lost their final 
second quarter with three unanswered game of the Invitational, 5-2. 
goals. . Though the Tritons did not earn any tro-

Salurday was a new d"y. and it came phies. they did gain some valuable knowl-
with a new look for the Tritons. Coming olT edge. They learned that if they arc going to 
their loss to UCLA. the Tritons were ready compete with the top squads in the nation, 
to prove their resilience against Indiana. such as Arena Invitational champion USC 
Harper's squad left Friday's loss behind and runner up Cal, they arc going to have to 
them and showed the Hoosiers its capabili- improve on the basics: passing. drawing 
ty to bounce back. louis and making the transitions. 

__ IICIII ,.,1 

overseas 
Automotive Repa; 
••••• d 
Oil & $1595, Minor 
Safety • Tune-Up 

r-----~FREETOWI. I Mino~ Tune Up 't • ____ =n: ....... , ... ,... 
I Special Brake Job ~. :::,:: I;fr:.:/Of mtn ..... III Special ........ t 
I,. NEW 8pIrtt plugs 7. 0IeI;Ic brIIuII • Front or ,..r. Stake Job Inc/udN: 12. Check DiIIJtluIor poi1IS 8. Chec:k '**" • ,. InIIII fIonI PIdI or ... 1ItoeI 1111 3. Chec:k IliIddlr 9. Chec:k ~ 2. DIIin Old brllce til 
1 •. ;!:iIII ~.= \I1derQ1TiIge .!: ::a,:..:rem . : . I 
'15. Check IIId replanilh 11. Chec:k cooling ayIIem • 5. Bleed brIIIe sysl8m • • • 

.. tillIId oiIlMII & holes 6. "*" front (W shoeslllld r. shoes I 
ti· Ad/UII dMlllIIgIa 12. RoIcItlll • 7. I .,"IIIIRr- _-'~""'I ---------,.., 3~nt Major Service 
I Special 

1£ari"""'~_0Ur"""-*-~: ..... 11 .. L I 1._...,.pIIgI 12...,...... 24.LaIlOlllIOd V 011 12.N .. ·.. Il..,. CIIIItnIar 25,QlICllfar .... 'baII I I ", .. 111.. 14...,. .... __ 2I.CItD.. --Change 
14.0wIgt.1II 15.0lICII..... 27.CItD-...tordorNge I - I 5.NIOIfuII.. IlOllCllcUcll 2I.CltDIOdNClwVtbllllry,_ & 
I lOllCll ....... paotfI 17 . ..,.", 21."*'_'_ 7.CflIClIMIIaIarClllllnr IlCflICl,... 3D.CltDfIt...... I ~olnt I l~" I .... ,... 31.Ladaorllilgos -v,.. 
I ~o~=': :==::.-.. ::==-...... ,~ I Safety Check I 
1;,":;: .. -= :===-- ::=:-...... I Special I 
L ........... ....,.....·...,....,·.................. • • ~------~---~---I eompeteClutch Job • Timing Belt Special • • , ..... ..-...... 4 ..... PtfaI..... ________ _ :: =~ bMmD ::.=:..,. ...... 011 Extended Warran& I_~,.._"._ ..... --- 15 30 45 60 75 & 90 L:-= _______ ...I ' , , " IImel 
....... WltllIIiII ad. &..,w. 311111 .. 
........ ,...,AIII .............. ........ 
--........ ..,.. ............. --., 

iiierieas ~ · ." .... .. l1li1.l1li--- 8008-8 MI ...... r Road. 
••• Md ' 695·1990 

Feeling the Row 
GROOVIN': Saturday'S win marked the Tritons' 10th in a row 
By John M.ynard 
Sports Editor 

In case anyone is counting, it's 10. After 
manhandling Chapman University by 19 
points in Saturday night's victory, the 
women's basketball team has extend-

than relying on the outside shot, the Tritons 
opted for Neal's skill and height inside. 
Neal scored 12 points on the night including 
a buzzer-beater at the half. She also brought 
down 6 boards. 

The combined efforts of Teasdale. 
ed its winning streak to 10 games. Turnbull, Neal and junior Marci 

Losing is a sensation Ernsberger, who spent 
that Hc;,d Coach Judy '.'''BASKETBALLI the majority of the 
Malone s squad has not ' mght on the floor ~ac-
I'elt since Jan. 7, when UCSD rilking her body for loose 
slipped up to Southem Cal Collegl!, halls. made for a 38-24 halftime lead. 
53-64. Since then, it has been all smile, for After the break, the Tritons came out 
the Tritons, whose game have been victori- where they had left ofr. Senior Amy 
ous by an average of over 20 points. McClure, who linished the night wilh 7 

Saturday mght was no different. It was point~ , drained a three-pointer in the opcn-
all fun and gaml!s, and the Tritons crui,ed ing moments of the half. 
by the Chapman Panthers, 70-51 . Turnbull and sophomore forward Ashley 

Senior point guard Tristen Teasdale got Kokjohn kept crashing the boards through-
the hall rolling early for the Tritons. In her out the second half. Kokjohn was strong in 
tirst 12 minutes on the noor, Teasdale the key all night, and kissed in 10 points and 
racked up 10 points including a pair of grabbed 5 rebounds. 
three-pointers. The senior finished the night In fact, the whole Triton squad was dom-
with a team-best 15 points. inant down low. The Tritons out-rebounued 

Junior forward Kate Turnbull also had the Panthers 51-38. 
her biggest game this month. Turnbull wcnt 
huge for the Tritons and was all over the 
court all mght. 

"Kate is always hustling and making 
things happen," Teasdale said. "She has 
good court vision. Not a lot of posts have 
her kind of viSion." 

Turnbull's hard work and keen aware-
ness led to II poi nts and II rebounds, 
recording Ihe game's only double-double. 
Seven of Turnbull 's II point~ came from the 
line, where she sunk an outstanding 7 of 8 
allempts. 

Sophomore Kim Neal was a big asset 
down low for the Tritons, and Malone's 
squad used her pr~sence generously. Rather 

"Our posts were gelling their jobs done 
I Saturday I." Teasdale said. "We've 
improved on recognizing our ability from 
the outside. Wc know that we can either 
shoot the three or work tht! ball inside." 

With a strong outside presence as well as 
their authority down low. the Tritons art! 
right where they nced to be for this week. 
the final week of the regular season. 

During thi s week , the Tritons will play 
three games. including their last two home 
game~ this Friday and Saturday night at 7 
p.m. in RIMAe Arena against Master 's 
College and Christian Heritage, respective-
ly. A win in each of these games will most-
ly likely set the Tritons playoff bound. 

Get ready to spend the night ••• 

* * ~II Nig 
.at RIMAe 

Frlelay, F.llruary 26 
IIp •• 7a. 

. 

• 
~. ' g, •.... 

• up in ... for Ihese ·AI ..... 1aIrnamenIs at the Prill .... 
tram n.lpm an Wensday& FriIay, Felt. 17 & 19\" 

II1II ruesdar & TIusIIay, fill, 23 & 25: \ ~ 
Bask ..... FrtI Tllrow aH Shootout 

Rac........, 5qIas~ Walybal 
Volt,... 

.... '99 Play Statfol ' __ t 
LooIc lor tIr. All Niglrt at RlMAC fobl. 

"" ....... CIIIIstI, ............. ...., HWm, 
..... IIs ........... ..... 

u. ............ .,., CIJrIstIIe "1IypIIIfst.1IIInI, 
................. " ............. - ...... 1IIfIts· 

h' ............ .ac .. .. 
,.. ......... 6:Jt. .... .w..n 

OPBITO UCSI sn.rs __ IrS FIB II 
.... " uaD IICIU1IOI & ASUCSD 

.. 



16 SPORTS 

"Now ,_ tile 
"..,jIOIIIttHwo 

pound fItIOt in 
tile wotfd, · 

Oscar De La HO)"J 
011 IllS mOSI recent 

weB .... l'ltt"""'l'!ghl hili:' 

The UCSD Guardian Tuesday, February 16, 1999 

PORTS 
Wi 

la m SEASONED START 
John Maynard 

Boxing Before 
V-Day 

The gU) In ch,lrge 01 selling 
up Ihe Iiglll on Salurday nlghl 
w;t" a Inggll1' gCnllI\, He ga\c.! 
men all acro~~ Ihe (;OUnlry Ihcll' 

la~ 1 cham:.: In he "men" on Ihe 
CIC 01 Ihe wOlllcn's c4ulla lenl 
10 Ihc Supcr Bowl: Valenllnc', 
Oa) , 

On Salurda) nlghl, anyonc 
lIal~lIlg h) Ihe SpOrl\ CII), Cal'.: 
In La jolla. or lor Ihal mallcr. 
,lfl ) pial'e \\'lIh hea and a TV, 
cmilu ~mcll a \\\C.II ). musl) 
'lCI1!. hCller i..l1lmn as l es l n~­
Icrone AII.:r ,III. II lias Ilghl 
I1lgh!. 'IIlU Ih .: WB \Icllcr-
\Ielghl IlIlc had III he s.:II lcu. 

\Llnhl1e~s \Ia~ Il1lhc 'IIr 
II \1 a\ OIlC glorious figh!. 

Oscal Dc La Ho) a anu I ~c 
Quan"l \I enl IO"-IO-Ioe lor I:! 
glorlolls roumh and Ih" Sp(lll~ 
CII) Clle II as glOri OUS I) 
hu/ ling Ihrough I he hou l'\ 
enurel). ;\0 man In Ihere \\a\ 

Ihln~lng ahou l l'howlalc. rose-
hud, or jcwelr). or how he wa, 
gOing to hale 10 su i fer Ihrough 
11\(l IHlur'-plus 01 Ke l' lIl 
Cmll1n In "Messagc In a 
BOIlIc" Ihe l1e\1 day. He was 
Ihll1kll1g ahoul hox lng and heer 
and how lomorrow Ihere' d he 
none of II . 

Sports Ci lY was so inundalcd 
wll h heer demands Ihal il 
sIYllched 11110 pany mode. Our 
waller slllned serving beer aftcr 
beer in giant red plasllc cups. 
Tables wou ld go order 11'.'0 
pllchers al a time. and before 
Ihosc pltchcrs ca me. another 
round would be ordered. 

Relenlless drinking mani -
fesled InlO the loudest crowd 
I' ve eva been in at a bar. Beller 
than any bar light or weI T-shirt 
contes l were Ihe titillating 
rounds between Oc La Hoya 
and Quarh:y. Guys who'd never 
met each other were high- li vi ng 
one another as if their cheering 
maue a dilTcrence . 

On Saturday night , I didn ' t 
have a problem with thi s. BUI it 
lurns ou!. I do. 

We were all going nuts while 
Oe La Hoya I.:o rnered Quaney 
and beat him sense less In the 
12th round. We were unfaLed by 
Ihc low hlow\. the Vase line and 
Ihc ga,he\ 10 the eyes. ACluall y. 
we Ihought II was kmd of 1.:001. 
bCl:au~e Ihcse guys wcrc su p-
po,ed In figh t. They wcrc sup-
posed 10 malill eac h olhcr 
hCl.:ausc we paid for il and 
dcmanded 10 bc entcrt ai ned hy 
it. 

That '~ my main problem 
wllh the whole thmg: That we 'd 
collcctively put out million~ of 
dollars to sec two guys bcat the 
crap out of eal.:h other on a 
Saturday night. I mean we 
could easily ~ee it on the streets 
for frce! Boy arc we a stupid 
people. 

Triton ,')'qjthallers, loaded with a plethora of returning players, opened their 
'99 campaign in midseasonform this weekend with two wins 

By Jake Gordon 
Spans Editor 

Experience i ~ everything in uth-
1c1lC~ . In many competition~, crafly 
old veterans frequentl y beat 
younger and morc-athletil.: foes 
bel.:ause Ihe ve terans know the 
tm:k~ of Ihe trade. 

In pro ~port s. there arc many 
c\ umples. All the quarterhacks in the 
Pro Bowl werc \lver 35 years old and 
the Houston Rockets arc Ihe leam 10 
heal, dc,pilc being Icd by the ancient 
trIO of Barkley .. Olajuwon and 
PIPIXn. A leam full of cxpericnl.:c 
know, whal it has to do 10 win and 

u~uall) ,uccced~. Thc CSO soflhall 
It.:am holXs thatlhe trend wi ll contin-
uc. 

Hcad Coach Palli Gcrckcns' 
,quad rClurm, wllh almo~1 all of till: 
I qYH team thaI plugged Ihrough an 
I H- 17 ca ll1p:llgn. Now one year 
older and wl,cr. Ihe 1999 team looks 
10 rC lllcdy pa,1 ml.:Ons l ~ l enc ie~ and 
domillale Di vision Iff soflball. 

The Trnon, opened their ,cason 
on Friday wi th a doubleheader 
aga ll,.,t the ni ver~ il y of Rcdland, 
and IhlllgS weill j u,t as the Tri tons 
had hoped. UCS O dominated Ihc 
Bulldog, in both gamc ', 7-1 and 6-
1 , Ianing thc year with a 2-0 rCl.:ord. 

Expenenl.:e played a hig factor in 
Ihc wi ns, but unfonunately, the one 
missing member of last year's leam 
IS pilcher Erin Flanigan. the number 
one staner for the Tritons in 1998. In 
the lirst game against the University 
of Redlands, someone with very lit-
tle experience would be on the 
mound: freshman Leea Harlan. 

In her first outing as a Triton, 
Harlan played like a seasoned vet-
eran and never gave the Bulldogs a 
chance. She allowed no walks and 
scallered three hits. while striking 
out four bailers in the complete-

......... , 

JuhuS Chol/ Guardwn 
You',. Out: A Triton infielder makes sure a Redlands runner doesn 't make it to second base safely. 

game victory. 
Harlan was not done, however. 

On offense, she wllied two 
hits including an RBI dou-
ble. It was a Ii rst gamc 
to remember. jeanine 
Cordero and Christina 
Seuring each hit a pair 
of doubles for UCSD to 
solidify the offense. 

The second game was closer 
than the first, but just barely. 
Veteran returning pitcher Allison 
Jacohs guve up only six hits in the 
contest. while Scaring came 

through with a two-run double -
her third double of the day- off 

the hapless Redlands pitching. 
Scaring 's fourth inning 
drive extended UCSO's 

lead to 6-2 and busted 
the game wide open. 

Jacobs never looked 
back as UCSO prevailed 

easily. 
Star shortstop Erin Bridges 

went two for three with one run 
balled in whi Ie left fielder Kelsey 
Bennet! also recorded a double. 

With a 2-0 record, UCSO was 

scheduled to play Occidental 
College on Saturday, but the matl.:h 
was postponed because Occidental 
was unable to produce enough play-
ers to lield a team. According to 
Gerckens, UCSO will try to 
reschedule the match on a later date. 

II 's a good sign for the Tritons 
that teams are already ducking 
them. UCSD will try to double its 
record in its next match, a double-
header against Southern California 
College on Feb. 19. Hopefully the 
Tritons' experience will keep car-
rying them on to victory. 

Weekend Tri·Meet is Terrific 
SOLID: Both men's and women's squad breeze past eMS and Pt. Lorna 
By Saul Sheridan 
Sentor Staff Writer 

This wcekend the UC San 
Diego track and lield leam traveled 
to POint Loma Nazarene College to 
hcgin its sC:lson of interCOllegiate 
play. As the exdtcment of a three-
day Valentine weekend might have 
distracted a lesse r squad. the 
Tri tons kept thei r minds focused on 
the task at hand and easily disman-
tled Point Loma College and 
Cla rcmont -Mudd-Scripps (CMS) 
in the tri -meet competition. 

The Tritons got consistent play 
from everyone on the team. Most 
notuble was the dominant perfor-
mance turned in by both the men 's 
and women's throwing team, 
which swept through every throw-
ing event en route to a first -place 
finish. Leading the way for the 
Tritons was senior Matt Seefeld, an 

All-American for the Tritons last 
year, who linished the day with a 
lirst-plal:e performance in the ham-
mer throw with a lOSS of 170' 1". 
Seefeld was also victorious in the 
shol put with a winning mark of 
49'7". 

An example of the complete 
dominance displayed by the Tritons 
I:an be seen in the men's javelin 
competition, as live of the top six 
performances on the day were 
turned in by Tritons. Contributing 
to the victory was senior Chris 
Swam., who threw a season best 
153 '9" in the javelin, good enough 
for fourth overall. 

"Everything seemed to be run-
ning on all cylinders," Swartz said. 
"Everyone seemed to . be at their 
best." 

Also enjoying a good day with 
the javelin was freshman Matt 

Meskimen. Meskimen threw an 
amazing 159" to take first overall 
on the day. 

"Meskimen had a really great 
day for a freshman," Assistant 
Coach Roger Karnopp said. 

The throwing team was not the 
only team to have a good day. The 
Tritons also dominated in most run-
ning events. In the I SOD-meter 
race, sophomore Jalies Nielsen 
and senior Rory Clarke led a one-
two punch to victory as they 
recorded times of 4:01.27 and 
4:09.70, respectively. 

"James had a really good time, 
especially for this early in the sea-
son," Kamopp said. 

One of the top performances of 
the day was by Jim Freeman. 
Freeman placed second overall in 
the javelin with a throw of 157'3", 

See lIIACK, page 14 

Hits allowed by 
freshman· Leea Hartan 
In UCSD softbaWs 
opening ,am. 


