
Elsewhere 
u. ArIzona 
Accepted KlII.r 
TUCSON, Ariz. -
University of Arizona aUor-
ney Michael Proctor said 
Dylan Klebold - one of the 
"Trenchcoat Mafia" mem-
bers who killed 12 class-
mates and a teacher last 
Tuesday at a Littleton, Colo. 
high school before apparent-
ly killing himself - was 
accepted into the University 
of Arizona. Proctor would 
not say whether Klebold 
planned on accepting the 
offer and attending UA. The 
New York TImes reported 
Monday that Klebold was 
also planning to live in a UA 
residence hall. The newspa-
per stated that Klebold 's 
mother sent a deposit check 
to the university 's Residence 
Life department prior to the 
incident. 

- AriZOl/a Daily Wildcat 

Stanford Work.r 
R.u .... Syring •• 
STANFORD - Stanford 
University ofti~ial have con-
firmed that a worker drawing 
blood for Stanford research 
studies has been reusing dis-
posable needles on the 
patients, thereby threatening 
the safety of the patients and 
the integrity of the research 
done by Stanford. Every per-
son who has had blood 
drawn by this particular 
worker has been asked to 
undergo tests for hepatitis 
and HIV. Investigators said 
that the technician' also mis-
labeled at least one sample 
from a patient who had blood 
drawn. Scientist from other 
universitie have noted that 
Stanford's research as a 
whole may be tarnished by 
this incident. 

- The Stall/ord Daily 

Chancellor to Ask 
for Tuition lnae_ 
FAYETTEVILLE, Ark.-
University of Arkansas 
Chancellor John A. White 
said because of a lack of 
monetary support be plans to 
ask the university 's board of 
trustees this summer to 
increase tuition as much as 
$10 per semester credit hour. 
The university will receive 
$92.7 million from the state 
next year, a 5.54 percent 
increase. However, White 
said this is not enough fund-
ing in comparison to other 
.state universities if UA wants 
to be competitive with them 
for recruiting faculty. He 
said the majority of the fee 
increase revenue would fund 
faculty salaries. 

- Arkansas Traveler 

Spoken ••• 
"/ think the election 
results were tainted. The 
results are reflective of 
negative publicity by the 
opposition and the 
Guardian. " 

- Justin 80fp 
Rewlle student 

See story at right 

Internet: _ .ucsd.fKIu/,ullff1ian 
E-mail: 1U~.edu ' 

Fevers and Illusions Futility Excellence ~ ca Dance group Momix mesmerized audiences NATO must do more to Rugby wins second en 
at Mandeville Theatre last Sunday night stop Milosevic s tyranny consecutive National a:: 

=» through creative lighting and dazzling effects and help Yugoslavians Championship :z: Hiatus, page 13 Opinion, page 4 Sports, page 24 .... 

I H E U C 

UC SAN DIEGO THURSDAY, APRIL 29, 1999 

HAPPY PRICE DAY! 

_ Julius Choi/Guardian 
Jump, Jive .... WIlli: Members of the UCSD Ballroom Dance Team swing to the music of 
the band "Big Time Operator" in celebration of the Price Center's tenth anniversary. 

~ignage Project Initiated 
CONCRETE: Administrators begin 
long-tenn project to make campus 
navigation easier for newcomers 
By Marc Comer 
Senior Staff Writer 

Severaltexturized, concrete slabs were plant-
ed at the entrances of campus by the Office of 
Facilities Design and Construction and the 
Campus Planning Office last month, initiating 
phase one of a new UCSD signage project. 

The four-phase project, which began early in 
1996, will set up over 250 signs at the UCSD and 
Scripps Institution of Oceanography (SIO) cam-
pu es and cost an estimated $1,179,000. 

"It will benefit whoever is a newcomer to the 
campus, whether it's a student or a visitor," said 
Boone Hellmann, assistant vice chancellor of 

facilities design and construction. "Once you've 
been here and get to know the place, of course, 
you won't need the signage." 

Officials project that phase one of the project, 
which is designed to direct vehicular traffic, will 
be completed by the end of summer. Signs like 
the one at the main entrance to campus on 
Gilman Drive are awaiting large, directional pan-
els and campus maps to complete them. Also 
included in the first phase will be neighborhood 
markers, perimeter signs and small vehicular 
signs telling drivers where they are in relation to 
other areas and buildings on campus. 

" It will benefit equally the campus communi-
ty and the outside community," said John Desch,. 
assistant director of physical planning. 

Desch said that the second phase of the pro-
ject was designed with the pedestrian in mind. It 

See DlRECnON, Page 3 

5 D 

VOLUME 97,ISSUE 10 

Judicial Board 
Grants Boggs' 
Appeal 
HEARING: A.S. elections 
committee release result of 
Revelle senior senate election 
By Vincent Gragnanl 
Senior Staff Writer 

The A.S. Judicial Board relea ed a deci -
sion yesterday reversing the A.S. elec tions 
committee's April 6 ruling to disqualify 
Revelle senior senate candidate Justin 
Boggs for allegedly harassing a student. 

The A.S . Council al 0 relea ed the out-
come of BoggS: race; Troy Pulas defeated 
Bogg by 14 votes. 

Earlier this month , Roo evell 
Sophomore Brian Wikner - a Guardiall 
employee - Brad Root and Shaheen Haji 
filed a complaint with the A.S . elections 
committee stating that Boggs had harassed 
Haji. 

The complaint stated that as Haji board-
ed the Argo Hall elevator on the afternoon of 
March 31, Bogg told her that the SRTV 
show that he hosts - "ReaIPolitiks" -
was being canceled and that she better 
"watch out." 

The complaint al 0 stated that on the pre-
viou evening, Boggs and other Students 
First! members came to Wikner and Root's 
Argo Hall suite asking them to take down a 
"Don ' t Vote" sign that they had posted in 
their room. 

The A.S. elections committee decided 
that Boggs broke the A.S . election bylaws 
which state that candidates may not violate 
"campus policies" without the consent of 
the elections manager. The committee stated 
that the term "campus policies" incorporat-
ed the Student Conduct Code which pro-
hibits harassment and fighting words. 

The judicial board's decision, authored 
by Judicial Board Chair Tyler Barnett, stat-
ed that the A.S. elections committee shou ld 
not have been the forum to decide a case of 
harassment. 

''The A.S . Judicial Board finds that the 
A.S. elections committee did not have juris-
diction over hearing a claim and deciding 
punishment because two individuals got into 

See COUNCIL, Page 3 

UCSD Professor Speaks on Ethnicity and Citizenship 
TALK: Gutierrez discusses 
his new book on the 
debate over immigration 

BJUIy~ 
Staff Writer 

David Gutierrez, UCSD history 
professor and author of Walls and 
Mirrors, lectured on the topics of 
immigration, ethnicity and citizen-
ship at the. Cross Cultural Center oh 

Tuesday. Gutierrez spoke about his American citizenship. States from other countries. He said 
research and potential material for "The seeds of oppositional con- that it represented fundamental 
his next book in the lecture, "Ethnic ciousness in politics go way American thinking on race issues. 
Minorities and the Nation: The before the '60s," Gutierrez said. ''The establi hment of the natur-
Debate Over Citizenship in Recent He al 0 said that immigration alorigin system draws on an amal -
History." policies beginning in the 1920s gamation of theories of race from 

Gutierrez said that his research erved as a foundation for debate Darwin onwards," Gutierrez said. 
provides evidence of political over ethnicity and citizenship. He In the po t-World War 1 immi-
action and awareness before the referred to the 1920 quota system gration debate, Gutierrez said that 
19605. He said the debate over con- with which the United States limit- American felt it was their duty to 
trolling immigration prov9ked new ed the number of people it would protect the cultural political integri -
thought and ideologies: regarding , allo'" lo. immigr'ate into 'he Uuited . . " . See.l..lC'lllM, Page 10 



2 NEWS 

. 

UCSD EVENTS 
Thursday, April 29 
Food 

There will be a Thai Food Sale at II a.m. on Library Walk. 

Film: 'Saving Private Ryan' 
Price Center Movie Series presents thi s World War II drama at 7 p.m. 

if) Price Center Theater. Gcneral admission $2; members, $1. For infor-
mation ca ll 534-3362. 

Frida 
Comedy Act 

Enjoy Comedian Carrot Top live at 7 p.m. in RIMAC Arena. Revellc 
Collcgc's Emerging Leaders Program will ponsor the carnival "Seven" at 
8 p.m. For information call 534-5259. 

Films 
"Crisis In Kosova" wi ll be shown at noon in the Price Center Theater. 

For information call 226-3288. 

Saturday, May 1 
Sports 

Softball : UCSD wi ll play Ca l Lutheran at noon on the Triton Softball 
Field. Repeats at 2 p.m. For information call 534-4211. 

Women's Water Polo: Sunset San Diego, 5 p.m. , Volleyball Courts, 
Canyon view Pool & Racquetball Facility. For information call 534-42 11. 

Music 
Enjoy "An Evening of North Indian Classical Music" at 8 p.m. in 

Mandeville Auditorium with Sitarist Kartik Seshadri accompanied by 
gucst arti st Arup Chatterjee on tabla. General admission is $8 and $" for 
tudcnts, faculty, staff and senior ci ti zens. For information call 534-3229. 

2 
Luau 

Hawaii Club will hold its th Annual Luau at 5:30 p.m. in Ballrooms 
A & B, Price Center. For information call 452-2998. 

GUARDIAN 
WALT DICKINSON 

Editor in Chief 
JUUA KUllA-MADER. MEGAN SMITH 

Managing Editors 
TABITHA GRANSHAW • LAURA KNIGHTEN 

Copy Editors 
LEENA SHANKAR. ERIKA SNIDER 

News Editors 
JESSICA SCHEPPMANN 

Featares Editor 
MARC COMER 
Opinion Editor 

WARD HAN 
Associate Opinion Editor 

JAKE GORDON & JOHN MAYNARD 
Sports Editors 
TRAVISHIU 

Associate Sports t:ditor 

UNDSAY SWORSKI 
Hiatus Editor 

DAVID lEE 
Associate Hiatus Editor 

USA HUFF 
Photo Editor 
JUUUS CHOI 

Associate Photo Editor 
JOHN BARBER 

Graphics Editor 
NICK RUNCO 
Design Editor 

BRIAN WIKNER 
Web Editor 

EDITORIAL ASSISTANTS Jesse Fishe', Vincent Gragnani. Nltou Mostofi. Scott Shibata 
SENIOR STAFF WRITERS 

John Barber, Jeff Barker. Bill Burger, Genevteve Cox. Theoc:k>re Ookko. Vincent Glagnarll, Mary 
Higgins. laura Knlgt'lten. Dave lubltz. Annam Manthlram. Nliou Mastaf. , Jenny NICholson, 

Simone Santini . Marl< Smith. Tommy VU. Scott Yager 
STAFF WRITtRS 

Jema Barclay. SharvlOO Castle. Brent Don. Bertrand Fan, Kari Fnedman. Brooke Garrettson. 
jennifer Grady. Jeremy Gray. 50la Km. Andy MyrICk. ChnsttOe Pangan. Jacob Schechter. Eve Senuty 

ILUlSTRATORS 
Mike Belle. Knstll'le Chang. Austin HSla. Alice lin. Joe Pan. Josephine Roberts. Nicholas Runco 

DESIGNERS Karen Tran. ThOmas weng 
COPY READERS Alison Noms. Kevin Byrne 

WEB DESIGNERS Sam Payne-Tlngleff. Mark Stickel 
CDMP\IT£R SUPPORT Oav,d Ghcl<sman 

ANN BAREAELD 
Business Manager 

MIKE MARTINEZ BROCK HALTER 
Advertising Art Director Advertising Manager 

YVETTE ALCALA 
Assistant Business Manager 

ADV£RT1SING A$SISTANT Melody Gonzales 
CIRCULATION ASSISTANTS 

Jason Allen. Pfl,lhp Goldman. Jake Ind,Ch. Jacob Meyberg. 8Iady Phelps. Nate SrMh 
ADVERTISING OlStON a LAYOUT John Barber, Casey 9ultenhuys. Katie Keenan. Sky Frostenson 

The UCSD Guardian 's pubhshed Moodays and ThurSdays durong the academic year by and tor 
the students of ueso. Reproduction of thiS newspaper in ony form. whether In whole or In 
part. Without permisstOn 1$ Strictly prOhibited. 01999. all fights reserved . The UCSD Guardian 
IS not responSible for the return of unsollClte<:S manuscripts or art. The '1tewS expressed herein 
do not necessalily represent the oPtntons of The UCSD Guardlarl. the University of California or 
the Assoc,ated Students. The UCSD GU8rdian I. funded solely by edYeruslng. 
CorcratulatlOf1 to our new editors ,n ernefl We '" follow you anywt1ete. Marc and Jullal 

News/Features: 534-5226. General Editorial: 534-6581 
Opinion/Sports: 534-6582. Hiatus: 53-«;583 
Advertising Office : 534-3466. Fax: 534-7691 

e-ma,l: guardianfNcsd.eClu 
Guardian Online: hrtp://WWW.ucsa.eClu/,uarcJilKl/ 

UCSD Guardian, 9500 Gilman Drive 0318, 
La Jolla, CA 92093-0318 

-'<:tual location: Second Floor. UCSO Student Center Building "A" . Rm. 217 

The UCSD Guardian Thu~y,April29, 1999 

ETCETERA ••• 
OfafeaTHeR BY JOHN BaRBeR 

BRIEFLY ••• 

Hands on San Diego to Take Place 
A.S. Volunteer Connection will host the eighth 

annual Hands on San Diego this Saturday. The event 
will begin in the Price Center with a keynote address 
by John Hartley, a regional Peace Corps director. 
Students will volunteer throughout the day at various 
project sites in San Diego. 

The day focuses on providing the UCSD communi-
ty with an opportunity to impact the San Diego area by 
volunteering with the many social service agencies in 
San Diego county. Students, staff and faculty partici-
pants will target key issues such as at-risk youth, the 
environment, the homeless, women's shelters and 
graffiti clean-up. 

Upon completion of the projects, volunteers and 
the agencies that hosted the projects will return to 
UCSD to end the day with a barbecue. 

For more information, call 534-1414. 

Positions Available In A.S. 
Programming Office 

Applications are now available for assistant pro-
grammers and festivals coordinator for the A.S. 
Programming Office . 

The assistant programmers will help plan all of the 
A.S.-sponsored events for the 1999-2000 year, includ-
ing lG.'s, RIMAC concerts, nooners, comedy shows, 
lectures and other events. 

The festivals coordinator will be responsible for the 
creation and production of all entertainment for the 

thr~e annual festivals - Fallfest. Winterfest and the 
Sun God Festival. 

There are openings available for two assistant pro-
grammers and one festivals coordinator. Applications 
are available on the third floor of the Price Center out-
side of A.S. Executive Secretary Anna Mason's office. 
The deadline for submission of applications is Friday, 
April 30 at 3:30 p.m. For more information, call 534-
5259. 

ERRATA ••• 

Team UCSD to Race for uteracy 
Members of the UCSD community will participate 

in this year's Union-Tribune Dr. Seuss Race for 
Literacy. The 8K race will be held this Sunday at 7 :15 
a.m. in Balboa Park along the 163 freeway, which will 
be closed to the public. 

The race will benefit the San Diego Council for 
Literacy, a non-profit organization dedicated to 
increasing literacy awareness. For more information 
about Team UCSO, call 534-6310. 

For more information about the race, visit 
http://www.ut-drseussBk.comj. 

Career Services to Hold 
Parent/Student Conference 

The Career Services Center will hold its first-ever 
parent and student career conference this Saturday 
from 10:30 a.m. to 4 p.m. in Center Hall, Room 
101. 

Registration fees, which include lunch, are $25 for 
parents and $15 for students. Parking is free . 

The agenda will include career development tips, a 
career services center open house, a student/parent 
panel discussion titled "If I Knew Then What I Know 
Now" and programs and services for parents and stu-
dents. 

For more information, call 534-3750 or go to 
http://www-csc.ucsd.edu/csc/parents3.htm. 

GW Professor to Speak at Muir 
Professor John O'Emilio from George Washington 

University will speak on ·Putting Gay into History: The 
Life of Bayard Rustin" on Thursday afternoon at 4 p.m. 
in the Galbraith Conference Room 4025 of the 
Humanities and Social Sciences Building. 

For more information, call 534-1996. 

• In the caption for the photo titled " Paying Tribute (April 22)," the Guardian incorrectly identified 
the student Windy Davis. The Guardian regrets the error. 
• In the news article "Students Honor Genocide Victims (April 26)," the Guardian misquoted 
Armenian Student Association Presi~nt Eric Mirzaian. In his final quote he referred to the memory of 
15 million lives lost due to genocide throughout the 20th Century. The Guardian regrets the error. 

• 

Thu~day,April29, 1999 

COUNCIL: 
Candidate said he will ask 
for a special election 
ContInued frOlll paC. 1 
an argument." the decision stated. 
' 'The appeal is therefore granted." 

The di ssenting OpinIOn, 
authored by judicial board mem-
bers Kristofor Erickson and 
Rebecca Hamburg, argued that the 
elections bylaws specifically statc 
thaI candidales follow all campus 
policies and that "all campus poli-
cies" includes the Student Code of 
Conduct. 

The dissenting opinion also stat-
ed that the judicial board hearing 
should have been postponed 
beCause there was a bias to the 
case. It stated that because 
Elections Manager Dave Fitzgerald 
did not know that he would be 
defending the elections committee, 
he was not aware that he could call 
witnesses ~t the hearing. 

''The elections committee's rep-
resentative did not know that he 
would be representing the commit-
tee," the opinion Slated. "Hence, 
there was a lopsided representation 
of the witness's. The.A.S. Judiciary 

DIRECTION: 
Parking lot signs will be 
replaced in fourth phase 
ContInued frOlll ..... 1 
will employ pinwheel-style signs 
pointing in the direction of major 
buildings and areas on campus. 
Many of these signs will also have 
a detailed map showing walke~ 
where they are in a specific area of 
campus. 

"Ideally, it would be nice if we 
could get the second phase funded 
by next year." Desch said. The 
third phase of the project will 
place seven large campus entrance 
signifiers at UCSD and two at 
S10. 

"Phase three will provide a new 
entrance monuments at all of our 
campus entrances," Desch said. 

Unlike the fi~t three phases, 
which will be funded by campus-
wide funds, the founh phase is to 
be funded by Parking and Plant 
Services. It will replace 100 of the 

Serving UCSD For 
Over 30 Years 

• CAMERAS 
·LENSES 

• CAMCORDERS 
• BINOCULARS 
• DARKROOM 

SUPPUES 
All · O/~CO/Jllt prlces l 

UCSO PO 'f' dcce ted r 

459·7355 
7720 Fay Ave, La Jolla CA 
WNW. bobdaviscamera.com 

Counci l should have taken the ini-
tiative to insure that equal repre-
sentation existed." 

A .S. Elections Manager David 
Fitzgerald said that while he had no 
choice but to abide by the decision 
of the judicial board, he feels that 
his role in the hearing should have 
been made clear to him prior to the 
meeting. 

"As far as I was concerned I 
thoughl I was a witne s and not a 
defendant," Fitzgerald said. " Had I 
known 1 would have called up four 
of the people Ihat voted for 
[Boggs ' ] disqualification. They 
were kind of upset that they could-
n' t share their opinion. They had a 
lot to say about it too." 

Fitzgerald said he thought the 
board's decision would "definitely" 
have been different if he had 
brought witnesses to suppon the 
elections commillee's decision. 

"I think the result would have 
been differcnt," Fitzgerald said. " I 
think they just heard one side of the 
story. As elections manager, I am 
neutral. I didn't vote one way or 
another [in the elections commit-
tee] ." 

Boggs said he was pleased with 
the board's decision. 

parking lot signs at an estimated 
cost of S321, 000. 

"Parking has already started to 
make changes to their signs, tem-
porarily," Hellmann said. ''They're 
not the final sign, but they ' re 
already implementing the graphic 
style of the [future) signs." 

After interviewing several 
firms, administrato~ chose Wieber 
Nelson Design, ' an environmental 
graphics company that has 
designed everal campus signs pre-
viously, to oversee the design of the 
campus signage_ 

"The whole idea of the con-
crete was we wanted the color 
and the texture to sort of blend 
into the environment so Ihat it 
didn't strike or standout too 
prominently," Desch said. "The 
hope is that the concrete will be 
kind of subdued. When you see 
the panels, those will be a lot 
more visible." 

Hellmann added that the univer-
sity also did not want signs plas-
tered all over campus. 

newsdeskOucsd.edu 

30% 
Teeth Whitening 

10% Off 
General Dentistry 
& Orthodontic 
Services 
(with mention of this ad) 

The UCSD Guardian 

"I'm happy that there's justice 
for something I didn't do," Bogg 
said. ''The truth finally comes OUI." 

Boggs also said that he will ask 
for a special election based on the 
fact that the Guardian published 
the results of the election commit-
tee's decision while elections were 
taking place. 

" I think the election results were 
tainted," Boggs said. "The results 
are renectivc of negative publicity 
by the opposition and the 
Gllardian. The reason why I say 
' the opposition ' is because the 
opposition was passing out the 
Guardiun in order to pUI a negativc 
image out of me." 

Pulas said he was pleased to 
finally learn the results of the elec-
tion. 

'Tm very happy becau e now I 
know what I have to do and what I 
have to look forward to," Pulas 
said. 

Pulas also said he did not want a 
special election held that could 
possibly reverse the election for the 
Revelle senior senator. 

" I see where Justin is coming 
from but I don't think it would be 
fair to prolong the process any 
longer," Pulas said. 

Nick Runco/Guardian 
.......: Nine such signs will 
point drivers to their destination. 

"We don't want to impair the 
visual aesthetics of the area." 
Hellmann said. "You want to give 
the information, but you don't want 
to have a bunch of stuff Slicking up 
all over the place." 

NEWS 3 

_ CIT! CIT! TIl 

Irafflc School To Go-
ON THE INTERNET 

~~ --

International Studies Abroad ~~~W:.l 
Spain 

France 
Argentina 

Chile 
Costa Rica 

Australia 
New Zealand 

o 
E 

www . s tud ic s aD r oa d . com 

~ THE SUN GOD ISSUE. llt1J MAY 13TH IN THE GUARDIAN. 

Is 
Violence 
related to 
Alcohol 

'I 

http:// orph.us.uu4 .• 4u/ ... ,/.h .. ,t 
http:// If.ntt.uu4 .• 4u 

• 

ABoUT DR. GEORGE ••• 
Dr. Georgaldls 11M been 

...me .. UCSD community for 
__ 17 ,..,.. He Is I gnICIu8ee 
of the r-.d Tufta UnIwreIIy 
School of DInIIatry In Bolton, 
IIA end." dImoIlIlUl1M ... 
he lilt" tcnhnl of ........ 
tIct.IOIogy'" __ In 
dInIIIIry. 

1IOII1mportMIIy, Dr. George 
...... every ..... pMIQ!!IIJr-
........... II on InchIduII, 
..... .....-..-. ... To 
reduce IftxJety _ hive 

Orthodontics • Oral Surgery 
TMJ Dysfunction 

General & Cosmetic Dentistry 

................... In .. 

........................ 

....................... 

• for ......... CIOIIIIDrt. 

SIn IJIgD CcuIty DInIII SodIIIy 

C G DDS Callfora 
• EORGAKLIS • • • FREE consultation 

WaIIdfta ·cIhIIIIift4.'frOnI=40 552.1 23 



4 OPINION 

EDITORIALS 
Editorial Board 

w.H Dlcill-. Editor in Chief 
.IIIIIIi Kull ...... , Managing Editor 

IIIeC8R ........ Managing Editor 
Ihrc C-, Opinion Editor 
........... News Editor 

uure ............ Copy Editor 

The UCSD GuMdlltf IS oubhshed twICe a week • the UnNefsrty of C.hfornIB. San OteeD. Contents 
01999. VIeWS ea:pressed here.., represent the mlJOnty YOte of the edrtonal co.-d, and ate not 

necessanly those of the UC Board of Reeents. the ASUCSD. nor the entire Guard',n staff. 

University Must Examine 
and Adjust Its Priorities 

UCSD administrators announced their plans 
Monday to build a new hotel and conference center 
on univer ity-owned lands at the outhwest comer of 
North Torrey Pine and Salk Institute Roads. The 
proposed tructures are the revival of a Ritz Carlton 
project that was crapped 13 years ago due to eco-
nomic concerns. 

Such a structure wi II certainly benefit the univer-
sity as a whole by attracting conferences and gener-
ating revenue. However, this proposal raises serious 
questions about the position of students in the uni -
versity's priorities. Why is UCSD planing the devel-
opment of a posh hotel while students are still being 
crammed three or four at time into living spaces 
intended for two, and no definitive solution to the 
housing shortage is in sight? 

That the hotel and conference center would boost 
the prominence and revenue of the university is not . 
in question. However, with a finite amount of money 
with which to work, is a hotel really the best choice 
and best use of these extra funds? 

Uni versity official say that the new hotel and con-
ference center wi II provide more jobs for UCSD stu-
dents. We certainly hope so! As students who are 
being pushed further and further off campus, we will 
need the extra money for spending more in high gas 
and rent prices. 

It is natural that a committee composed exclu-
sively of administration and faculty members, such 
as the one who made this decision, would endorse 
the hotel as the project most beneficial to UCSD. 
However, we must ask where the voices of students 
are in these decisions. Student' needs and stu-
dents' voices are a vital component to any universi-
ty, or at least should be, and therefore should be 
considered and included in deci ions affecting the 
university. 

In this decision and its exclusion of students, 
UCSD has again proved that its priority is research 
not teaching. If the university is to continue to attract 
new students it will need to examine and adjust its 
priorities accordingly. 

Props and Flops 
With true school spirit, two Yale University 

House Masters have decided to partake in a Jell- -:i1 
O-wrestling contest. The GlIardian thinks this . 
type of behavior is very appropriate for a we ll - . 
rounded university and would enjoy seeing two of ' 
our own officials go a few rounds in the ring. 
Lytle vs. Bond? Oh yeah! 

The GlIardian loathes viruses named 
Chemobyl that plague and reek havoc on com-
puters. The vi rus was sct to devour computers 
everywhere this past Monday. Condolences to 
the computer~ who were killed. May they rest in 
peace. 

Prop~ to studcnts who allendcd the rally hon- -:j 
oring tho~e killcd in the Armcnian Genocidc . 
The 1.5 million victims of this horrilic event will 
never be forgolten . 

Congra tulations to Holly Beck, an ERC 
freshman who was featured in a Unioll-Tribulle 
column on Tuesday. Beck, who is Bone of the 
most complete surfers to arise from the women's 
rank in many years," was recognized for her 

• • :'cOfllWtitivc; ~e.sirv \0. Qc.tp~ ~s.t.:' . • • • . ••• 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, April 29, 1999 

PINION 

Austin Hsla/ Guardlan 

NATO ATTACKS IN THE WRONG 
WAY, AT THE WRONG TIME 

COMMENTARY: 
NATO bombings have 
not curbed Milosevic's 
tyrannical government 

the democracy for which they were 
fighting. But there was no help from 
the West. A fraction of money that is 
now being spent on bombs would have 
made a substantial differenee toward 
the pro-democracy movement. 

By Ivana Mlkl~ It is not easy to remove a dictator 
Contributing Opinion Writer from power. A tyrant such as 

On April 22, commenting on the Milosevic controls everything: 80,000 
Littleton school shootings, President well-paid policemen, corrupt courts 
Clinton said, "We must do more to and the state media. 
reach out to our children and teach All government institutions are run 
them to express their anger and to by his Mafiilo'which has a strong finan-
resolve their connicts with words, not cial interest in keeping the control of 
weapons." The majority of the country in Milosevic's hands. 

While he was saying that, bombs Their accounts abroad are filled with 
were falling on my country for the Serbian people .e money they robbed from Serbian peo-
30th straight day. Clinton's adminis- against Mllosevlc, pie through monstrous inflation, sale 
tration somehow concluded that this of state-owned companies, freezing of 
connict can be resolved by destroying Including myself and citizens' accounts in Yugoslav banks 
the infrastructure and industry o~ my best friend. We and black market deals. Those who did 
Yugoslavia, while killing civilians ·and demonstrated .... Inst not obey lost their jobs: judges, jour-
releasing tons of toxic substances from ..... nalists and, more recently, university 
blown-up chemical factories into him first In March of professors. 
rivers and into the air. Of course, if one 1991, then again In [n such circumstances, election 
country bombed another into the Stone fraud is easily organized. For example, 
Age it would degrade its army, but is 1992, large student according to official election results, 
that an excuse for destroying the lives demonstrations lasted Albanians in Kosovo have consistent-
of millions of people? Iy voted above 90 percent for 

The U.S. media paint a very simpli- for weeks. During the Milosevic and hi s party with the 
lied and misleading picture of the situ- demonstrations In the turnout being around the same, 90 per-
ation in Yugoslavia for the purpose of winter of 1996-1997, cenl. [n reality, Ibanians have openly 
building public support for NATO's boycolled Serbian elections since 
action . I hope that by hearing how the hundreds of thousands Milosevic came into power. In the last 
tory looks from my perspective you f I hed I election, everal major opposition par-

will beller understand this terrible 0 peop e marc n ties declared the boycolI, but no one in 
tragedy. most Serbian cltle. for the West seemed to care. 

I was born in Bclgrade and li ved three months. Much worse than Milosevic's han-
there until 1994, when I came to the dling of intemal mailers was the key. 
United tates ror graduatc studies. My against him first in March or 1991, role he played in starting wars in 
parcnts, siMer, nephew and many other then again in 1992, large student Croatia, Bosnia and now Kosovo. The 
friends and relatives sti ll live in demon~trations lasted for weeks. Serbian people have suffered tremen-
Belgrade. My best friend is now serv- During the demonstrations in the win- dously under his rule. And now, they 
ing his mandatory year of military ser- ter of 1996-1997, hundreds of thou- are the ones receiving the punishment 
vice, silting in a bunker somewhere in sands of people marched in most from NATO for Milosevic's crimes. 
central Serbia hoping that ATO does Serbian citie for three months. There were about 2,000 people, 
not have the area on its Ii t of targets. Milosevic sent tanks against the including Serbian policemen, killed in 

The majority of Serbian people are demonstrators and his police beat the Kosovo from the beginning of the con-
against Milosevic, including myself people without mercy. Demonstrator flict until the bombing started. The 

• 'aM \11)" rx!sf fr1eh1l : W/:"cremohStfale<r - carried Ameiican- nags·as·sYinbOrs -0T" - - - - - - - - - -See-tllAMDY; Page-9 - -

Thursday, April 29, 1999 The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

AMERICANS OBSESSED WITH HASTE NOT TASTE 
COMMENTARY: 
In the U.S., food has 
little social, nutritional 
or culinary value 
By Simone Santini 
Senior Staff Writer 

Here I am, si tting at a table in 
the Price Center, staring at my 
melancholic sandwich , looking 
around at people taring at more or 
less equally melancholic food . One 
cannot help but think that there 
must be more to life than ingurgi-
tating this barely edible stuff for the 
sole purpose of dragging our feet 
until dinner in order to mierowave 
some equally barely edible stuff. 

Alas, the prospects are not 
good. We have triumphantly 
entered the age of junk food, and 
we are not going to emerge from it 
soon. The quality that our culture 
values most in a food is to be fast to 
prepare, fast to consume, fast to 
forget. 

What troubles me in this sce-
nario is not so much the degrada-

. tion of the culinary aspect of the 
meal-event as much as the almost 
complete annihilation of its social 
and cultural aspects. In practically 
all cultures, eating has a ritualized 
aspect that tends to reinforce the 
identity of the group gathered 
around the meal. Be it a family, a 
group of friends or an institutional-
ized group, the act of sharing food 
is never limited to the purely bio-
logical fact that the body needs 
supply. It is a reaffirmation of a 
collective identity while at the 

same time, a confirmation of one's 
role in the group. 

The fast food (in the general 
en e of poor qllality, quickly pre-

pared food, not restricted to the 
restaurant) is at one time the epito-
me and the legitimization of the 
disappearing of the convivial 
aspect of eating. 

For an authoritative confirma-
tion of this, just tum on the televi-
sion and look at a food ad. (I found 
out a long time ago that advertising 
executives are the really acute 
observers of our age: They look at 
society as it is, without allempting 
any moral judgment, while intellec-
tuals, for instance, have often their 
sight obfuscated by comparing 
society with their concept of what a 
society should be. [ humbly include 
myself amongst the misguided.) 

The typical ad shows a mother 
(or, in a polilically correct way, a 
father) who is too busy to prepare a 
good meal the way grandma used to 
. Fortunately, the newest product 
allows her to prepare in just a few 
minutes a meal that looks just like 
granny's. Final shot of the family 
takes place around the tabIe,joking-
Iy fighting for the last piece of food. 

Few things could be more astute 
in these times of few ethical cer-
tainties than an ad like this. What is 
accomplished here is the reconcili-
ation of the traditional family val-
ues to which many people aspire -
with the contemporary imperative 
to work long hours and in general 
subordinate all aspects of our life to 
our job. In a single swoosh, the two 
realities are made to coexist. 

It Is not a 
coincidence that 
fast food was 
Invented and 
continues to have 
Its greatest succ_ 
In America, a 
country In which 
social 
Interconnections are 
spa .... , than In any 
other country. 

The secret, we are told, is to 
avoid those menial tasks (like 
preparing dinner) that make a fam-
ily life so time consuming. The 
idea that the process of preparing 
dinner can be as important for fam-
ily life as the dinner per se is com-
pletely alien to this view. This is in 
synchrony with a more general atti-
tude of the American society that 
sees reward in the final achieve-
ment, rather ·than in the process 
leading to the achievement. 

2. Click on service request and fet us know what you want: 
• Ask us a question 
• Request a technician to come to ~ou and diagnose 

the problem. 

3. It's that easy'. Sin& IV offers ali~ on-site service 
at the same price as carry-in, It's ever been easier. 
Take the hassle out of getting Y0l.lr corpputer serviced 
and try Campus Computer Consyita 16. 

619.227.4428 

This is also con i tent with our 
essentially visual altitude towards 
these rewards. The emblem of this 
is the family united around the table 
to enjoy an arguably Oavorless meal 
that , however, looks like the meals 
grandma used to make (at lea t in 
the commercial). In other words, if 
the po session of a true family life 
is impossible, we will be content 
with the pantomime of a family life. 

This, in a sense, completes and 
cements a cycle. We began by stand-
ing in front of the television looking 
at a virtual reality whose only exis-
tence was a series of staged shadows 
on a screen. Then reality started to 
be mixed with the imaginary, 
through "real life" programs and 
supposedly realistic talk shows. 
Finally, our life becomes a show of 
itself, in which elements that are 
incompatible with our demanding 
civilization are simulated. Like 
granny's dinner, for example. 

The poor quality of the food we 
eat (at the Price Center and else-
where), therefore, is but a conse-
quence of the degradation of the 
communal convention of eating 
together, and its replacement by the 
commercial pantomime. 

It is not a coincidence that fast 
food was invented and continues to 
have its greatest success in America, 
a country in which social intercon-
nections are sparser than in any other 
country. The ritual of the consump-
tion of a meal must adapt to this rel-
ative isolation of the individual. Fast 
food is the lonely meal par excel-
lence. In fast food restaurants or in 
food courts, the ambiance and the 

type of service is not conducive to 
conviviality, and at home, the name 
"TV dinner" betrays the level of 
social interaction that the con 'umer 
of the food are expected to have. 

At the same time, the poor qual-
ity of the food is consistent with one 
of the basic tenets of industrializa-
tion, which state that quantity must 
take precedence over quality - the 
production process must be scientif-
ically and thoroughly controlled to 
guarantee the uniformity and non-
individuality of the final product. 

Two cars manufactured in the 
arne year must be (ideally) indis-

tinguishable, and the same ideal is 
replicated in the produce section of 
every supermarket, in which rows 
of apples, all equally big and shiny, 
and all equally flavorless, invite the 
con umer to share the simulated 
opulence of industrial production. 

Rows of indistinguishable prod-
ucts, in clearly distinguishable 
boxes, reinforce the illusion of 
choice, in reality incompatible with 
modem production criteria. -

Again, the appearance of opu-
lence takes the precedence over the 
intrinsic quality of the food . This is 
hardly surprising in a culture where 
an 18-year-old adult is not allow to 
appreciate a glass of Chianti, while 
a S-year-old child is happily lead to 
a fast food feast of hormone-filled 
meats and potatoes fried in oils of 
dubious origin. In the same way 
that we appreciate the rapidity with 
which a gas hose fills the car, we 
fill ourselves with junk food . 

Send comments and Letters to 
the Editor to guardian@ucsd.edu 



6 OPINION The UCSD Guardian Thu~ay, April 29, 1999 

surfboards, bodyboards 
wetsuits, swimsuits 

clothing, skateboards 
snorkel gear, and more 

CRIMINALS KILL, NOT GUNS 
Scblzophl'f!llic Discourse 

Sorry kids, thi s one's not going 
to be funny. 

not the tools used to commit them; 
the cause of crime is criminals. 

If Eric Harris and Dylan 
Klebold had been denied the 
firearms and the explosive devices 
they used to ki II 13 people at 
Columbine high school, that would 
have prevented their shooting ram-
page. But if the two boys were still 

just make them worse? I personally 
feel that music and other forms of 
recreation that deal with the feel-
ings of rage and frustrl\tion that 
kids in school sometimes feel is a 
much healthier way of trying LO 
manage these emotions than simply 
trying to bottle them up and ignore 
them. How is denying kids access In the wake of the Columbine 

high school shooting, there has 
been a lot of discussion regard-
ing what should be done to pre-
vent further tragedies of this 
kind. Many of the old debates 
have been rekindled, among 
them gun control and various top-
ics dealing with censorship. 

-OPINION-
COLUMN 

to this material going to accom-
plish anything other than fur-
ther alienating them? Trying to 
prohibit music and other venues 
that offer stress relief will leave 

TWICE NIGHTLY 
4pm-6pm & lOpm-12midnight 

$225 Pints 
Discounted Appetizers 

Seven Days a Week 
live Jazz and Blues 

Thursdays 8:00pm 
Saturdays 9:00pm 

Catch Major league Baseball on 11 Screens 
Skyy Vodka Night Mondays 5 to 7 pm 

l:~~"iil 
l ' J"---.~ . ' HRI \\ ' \ H\ " ... --- -
--------" 

ROCK·I-lOTTOM 

Life's Better at The Bottom 
8980 Villa La Jolla Drive 

LA JOLLA (6191450-9211 

If the two suspects had been 
unable to get the guns they used so 
easily, would they have gone 
through with their plan? If instruc-
tions for making bombs and explo-
sive devices weren ' t so readily 
available in print and on the 
Internet, would they still have been 
able to construct the 30-some-odd 
devices the)' planted around the 
school? Are the explicit video 
games and music the two boys 
seemed to have favored somehow 
responsible for their actions? 

All of these issues focus on pre-
vent ing such incidents by denyi ng 
acces to certain things. Advocates 
of gun control want to keep guns 
out of the hands of young people, 
and advocates of cen orshi p want 
to keep them from obtaining infor-
mation on how to construct devices 
that can be used to kill or mai m. 
The reasoning is, if you can keep 
the tools out of the hands of poten-
tial criminals, you can prevent 
cnme. 

These measure may have limit-
ed success in preventing crime, but 
they most likely will not be fool-
proof becau e they address the 
symptoms rather than the cause of 
the problem. The cau e of crime i 

COSTA VERDE 
CENTER 

8650 GINESEI AVI. ST!. 220 

determined to kill their school-
mates, would that have prevented 
them from resorting to other meth-
ods? Would they still have lashed 
out using more readily available 
weapons like knives and poison in 
an effort to commit murder? Would 
they still have taken their own 
lives? 

The underlying problem is that 
some American high school stu-
dents (a very small number, to be 
sure) feel compelled to commit 
such atrocities. If there were no stu-
dents who fe lt some irrational need 
to kill themselves and their fe llow 
schoolmates, there would be no 
more school shootings, regardless 
of the avai labi li ty of weapons. The 
ult imate solution is not just to with-
hold the means to commit violence, 
but rather to prevent the mentality 
that leads to violence. 
Unfortunately, th is is perhaps an 
even more difficult task than sim-
ply denying criminals access to 
weapons. 

Some people have noted the two 
suspects preoccupation with certain 
violent video games and types of 
music, ~nd have propo cd censor-
ship of the e materials as a means 
of combating violence. Is forcing . 
teenagers to live in an intellectual 
vacuum goi ng to help matters or 

F ASmON VALLEY 
CENTER 

NIAI SAKS f iFTH AVINUI 
(619)452·7374 (619)295·0537 

fa Blue, Green, Hazel 

OLORED 
CONTACTS 

FreshLook colors with purchase of 2 boxes 
of clear FreshLook disposables. 

EXTENDED WEAR DISPOSABLE LENSES 

100 PAIRS PLUS EXAM 2 PAIRS B&L FW COMPLETE $229~:MP~ETE .. All .pecial. include len ••• , exam, ey.care kit and fallow up vi~t A.tigmatic len.e. higher. Not valid with any ather aIf.r. Olle .. expire 6/30/99. 

teenagers with no outlet, and 
will probably lead to more acts of 
violence. 

Teenagers deserve the right to 
be able to deal openly with the 
pressures and anger that they expe-
rience. Our nation 's schools are not 
greatly concerned with guiding the 
social development of their stu-
dents; they believe that their only 
role is to provide instruction in aca-
demics. Our schools are designed ' 
to train good employees for our 
work force, not good citizens for 
ollr society. As a result, teenagers' 
social development is often guided 
by the environment created by their 
peers, and many end up feeling 
alienated and maligned. A very 
small percentage try to deal with 
their frustration by resorting to vio-
lent acts. 

Since high school is the ti me 
when we learn many of the social 
ski lls we will use later in life, why 
doe n't our school system take a 
more acti ve part in helping it stu-
dents deve lop? Why don' t our 
chools emphasize working togeth-

er as a society, and provide instruc-
tion and counseling for those who 
don ' t seem to feel comfortable or 
accepted? Is it any wonder that an 
institution that l eliv~s its students' 
social development to chance pro-

See CRlMINALI, Page 9 

one who 
is paid. 

call nick, 
534·6581 

London ........... .$548 
Pari5 .............. $692 
Franldurt •••••••• $715 
Anlst.nlam ••••• $660 
M .................. .$759 
AII_ .... ~trlp. T .. not_. 

Same restr1ct1anl apply. CST 11017~ 

270-1750 
4475 ............... ' 

SAN DIDIO 

ST/j 
STA TRAVEL M'VI-. ...... 

www.statravel.com 

Thursday, April 29. 1999 The UCSD Guardian OPINION 7 

ABORTION HAs MANY SIDES ,----------------------, : ~ Editor: 
The April 19 feature story, .. A 

Nation Torn Apart ," by Jesyka 
Ashlar and Jessica Scheppmann, 
nicely catalogued a number of the 
highl ights of the abort ion issue. I 
wish, however, that it could have 
avoided the customary method of 
characterization by dichotomy. 
While the standoff between pro-
choice femi nists and pro-life re li-
gious people certainly does account 
fo r much of the "debate," there are 
far more than just these two eth ical 
start ing points. 

The problem wi th dichotomies 
is two-fold. Not only do they run 
the risk of concealing actual over-
lap between sets of ideas, but they 
also tend to create antagonism at 
times when establishing or affi rm-
ing a common ground would be 
much more producti ve. 

The article cited some interest-
ing statistics. For instance, about 
60 percent of Americans believe 
that abortion is murder and/or 
morally wrong. About 75 percent 
believe that decisions concerning 
abort ion should be made by each 
woman for herself. This means that 
at least 35 percent (which is almost 
half of those defined here as pro-
choice) hold both views - pro-
choice even though they consider 
that choice "murder." Clearly peo-
ple's moral and political sensiti vi-
ties are complex. 

Letters t~g Editor 
The Guardian welcomes letters (rom 
Its readers. All letters must be no 
longer than three pages. typed, dou-
ble-spaced and signed. Letters must 
also contain a phone number. We 
reserve the right to edit for length 
and clarity. Letters may be dropped 
off at the Guardian office on the 
second floor of the Old Student 
Center. Send all letters to: 

The UCSD Guardian 
Opinion Editor 

9500 Gilman Dr. 0316 
La Jol/a, CA 92093-0316 

Fax: (619) 534-7691 
e-mail: guardian@ucsd.edu 

Fa lse dichotomies are intellec-
tuall y poisonous and soc ially 
destructi ve, yet we subject our-
selves to them incessantly. A few 
years ago, I was one of the several 
thousand individuals who assem-
bled outside the Headwaters Grove 
of redwoods in Humboldt County 
to try to avert the imminent loss of 
that unique part of our natural her-
itage. We were called "environ-
mentalists." I understand the anxi-
ety that lhis word inspires in com-

munities that make a livelihood by 
harvesting lumber. But most of us 
were also the types who con istent-
ly vote in favor of (maybe even 
work hard for) social agendas such 
as livable minimum wages, afford-
ab le housi ng, sustainable re ource 
usc, job retraini ng and progressive 
taxation. I was greatly disappointed 
that in the evening news we were 
portrayed as one of two fac tion in 
a (spurious) jobs-versus-environ-
ment contest. 

As a medical student , I look for-
ward to when I wi ll have patients 
of my own to take care of. Some of 
them wi ll be pregnant women, and 
of those, some wi ll be trying to 
resolve a terri ble dilemma. Few 
people ever achieve mora l equa-
nimity even after a long, full life, 
and I wi ll be no exception. Yet the 
day is near when I will have the 
humbling responsibility of advisi ng 
individual women about abortion, 
regardless of my moral confidence 
level. (Depending upon my spe-
cialty I may even need to decide 
whether to perfo rm abort ions 
myself, or whether to assist a dying 
patient who wishes to end his or 
her suffering.) 

Will one be able to predict my 
words and actions just by knowing 
how religious and/or how feminist 
I am? I doubt it. 

Andre Gerard 
Second-year Medical Student 

I HOME OF THE ORIGINAL CHICAGO STYU DEEP DISH STUffED PlZZA-IN-THE..,.N 
I .... 

CORNER OF REGENTS RD. 
& LA JOLLA VILLAGE DR. , 

----------------

UP all n -
(studying!) 

10 A re We~ 
(working!) M ~ OPEN 24 HOURS 

Costa Verde Shopping Center • 8650 Genesee Ave., Stc. 200 
457-9500 

15% OFF ALL FULL S ERVE ITEMS W/ni THIS AD 

DeWitt Higgs Lecture 
featuring Professor Allen Buchanan 

"Genes and Justice" 
Thursday, May 6, 1999 
Price Center Ballroom 

free and open to the public 

7:00 p.m. Lecture 
7:45 p.m. Panel Discussion 

·Gerald Doppelt (Motkralor) 
Professor of Philosophy, UCSD 
Director, Graduate Program in Science Studies 
·Gordon Gill, M.D. 
UCSD School of Medicine 
·Peter Irons 
Professor of Political Science, UCSD 
·Stevcn Smith 
Dean, California Western School of Law 

8: 15 p.m. Questions 
8:45 

Allen Buchanan, Ph.D. 
Professor of Philosophy 

University of Arizona 
Dr. Buchanan's lecture will concern the ethical and 
legal issues raised by the growing prospects of genetic 
intervention. Buchanan is a member of the advisory 
council of the human genome institute and a former 
member of several presidential and national 
committees in bioethics. For more infonnation 
regarding Buchanan's publications and professional 
activities see the website listed below. 

For Information, call (619) 534-1704 
Website: 

. http://provost.ucsd.edu/warren 

Sponsored by tbe UCSD Graduate Program In Science Studies * Law and Society Program * Healtb Care-Social Issues Program 
Earl Warren College * California Western Scbool of Law 



U8AOPINION 

O'ON'T WORRY, IT'S OUT OF YOUR CONTROL 

My si ter is running all over the 
house looking for her lint remover. 
Up until this moment, I was only 
vaguely aware of the exi tence of 
lint remover' , and I never would 
have guessed that anyone I knew, 
let alone a blood relation, owned 
one. Doesn't the tiny bit of lint on 
my ister's sweatshirt fall into the 
realm of things she really can ' t 
control and therefore shouldn ' t 
worry about'? 

Not that I'm one to talk. Last 
Wednesday morning I started cry-
ing because I couldn' t lind my 
watch and due to the franti c search 
for it , I arrived 45 minutes late to 
chemistry (darn ... ). This break-
down was the culmination of a 
long string of stressful situation 
- thi s quarter has not been kind 

to me. (I found the watch, by the 
way.) 

No, thi s is not a cry for help. I 
do have a point here. Two friends, 
trying out their amateur psycho-
analysis skills, informed me that 
my stress, and the ensuing melt-
downs, i caused by my repeated 
allempt to control things that are 
inherently beyond my control. I 
was tempted to inforn1 them that 
their respective areas of special-
ty (music anci biology) hardly 
qualify them to coun el me, but I 
now realize that they were right. 

Too often we allow ourselves to 
be overcome with anxiety over our 
li ve. We worry about what the 
future hold for us, and about what 
we should do now to shape that 
future. To some extent, thi s is 
healthy. We can ' t passively watch 
our li ves fall apart around us. But 
when concern about the choices 
we make turns into the need to 
control everything, we run ' into 
trouble. 

It's impossible to control 
everything. In particular, we can't 
control other people. Most 'of our 
lives are built around personal 
relationships. At best, we can only 
control one-half of a given rela-
tionship - the half that we put 
into it. The rest is left to others, 
and as much as we may hate it, we 

me to dump my scumbag lover, and 
Nietzsche wants me to attempt 
something great and daring. 
Neither mentions the fact that my 
life is not entirely in my hands. 

Like it or not, outside influ-
enCes playa major role in shaping 
who we are and how our lives 
progress. While I may have the 

-OPINION-
GOLUMN 

power to make myself study 
for chemistry, I can't control 
the curve. I can love someone, 
but he doesn ' t have to return 
that love. I can write 600 

can ' t control how other people 
feel or act. 

Problems spring up whcn we try 
to control the whole relationship. 
Thi is true whether you' re talking 
about roommates, bosses or 
boyfriends. We have to accept that 
other people have a role in shaping 
our lives. 

It seems that everything I read 
lately is telling me to take life into 
my own hands. Cosmo is yelling at 

words of opinion every two 
weeks, but I'm not the one who 
decides to put it in the paper. I 
choose to drive to schpol everyday, 
but I can' t control the price of gas. 
Out ide factors, big and small, far 
and near, make all kinds of contri-
butions to our lives. 

Accepting that we are not 
always in control is a big step for 
some people, myself included. We 
want to feel like we are in control , 
so we start worrying about every-

thing. Am 1 going to get into med-
ical school? Am 1 going to be sin-
gle forever? Do 1 have any idea 
what this professor is talking 
about? 

What do we get from worrying? 
Can we change anything by worry-
ing? Can we add anything to our . 
life by worrying? That's a big, fat 
NO, folks. It's a futile, stressful 
exercise. 

Granted, we need to do our part 
to contribute to our future by work-
ing hard and making educated deci-
sions .• Beyond that, however, we 
have to accept that our lives are 
shaped by people and circum-
stances beyond our control and 
maybe even beyond our compre-
hension. After we realize this, life 
gets simpler. Take the pressure off 
and see what happens. It may not 
get any easier, but it's a lot less 
stressful. Even when you can't find 
the lint remover. 

Send comments and Letters to 
ti,e Editor to guardian@ucsd.edu 

Canyon Vista • Cente 
Club Med • Geisel library 

General Store • Grove Caffe 
HSS lecture Halls 

Marshall Dean's Office 
Med School library 

M.O.M. • Pepper Canyon Apts. 
Peterson Hall • Porter's Pub 
Price Center • Rathskeller 

Registrar's Office 
Revelle Sundry Store 

Solis Hall • Tioga/Tenaya Halls 
Warren lecture Halls 

York Hall • Undergrad library 
University Bookstore 

USE Credit Union 

G 
Outer Campus 

~I"AC • UNEX 
SuperComputer Center 

Institute of the Americas 
Gilman Drive Info Booth 

Torrey Pines Center 
North T.P. Info Booth 

SIO library • Snackropolis, SIO 
Niremberg Hall, SIO 
Thorton Hospital. ER 

Early Childhood Education Cntr. 

,,,llwrsday, April 29. I~ 

TRAGEDY: 
Hypocrisy is present 
in NATO statements 
COIItInued ........... 4 
numbers have increased with the 
NATO bombings. So far, some 
3,000 civilians have been killed, 
and the numbers of 18-year-old-
Yugoslav-army conscripts ki lied 
have not yet been tallied. 

The level of hypocrisy present in 
the statements by NATO politicians 
is sickening. While the United Slates 
supports Turkey, its NATO ally, in 
exterminating Kurds (some 35,000 
of them killed), U.S. officials pas-
sionately state that they cannot 
watch the atrocities happening in 
Kosovo and do nothing. An article I 
recently read compared these state-
ments to a guy pouring gasoline on a 
burning house with people inside 

CRIMINALS: 
Social taboos forbid 
displays of anger 
ContInued froIn ..... 8 
duces some people with dangerous-
ly anti-social tendencies? 

There has been a national 
uproar asking why the suspects' 
families, friends and community 
didn't notice that anything was 
wrong or do something to prevent 
this tragedy. But at the same time, 
pur society condemns any display 
of anger, and this social taboo com-
pels many kids to keep their 
demons to themselves rather than 
allowing them to try and find con-
structive ways of managing their 

who yells: "I didn't have anything 
else but gasoline and I couldn't just 
stand here and do nothing!" 

I do not agree with NATO 
politicians who say that there was 
nothing else they could have done. 
They could have offered something 
more acceptable than the 
Rambouillet document, which 
gives Albanians independence in 
three years and calls for occupation 
of the whole country by NATO 
troops. They could have offered a 
few incentives, which would have 
cost much less than bombs. 

And as for the threats, bombing 
is the one action that Milosevic docs 
not fear. Maybe freezing his person-
al accounts, villas and foreign 
yachts would have been more effec-
tive. He does not care about the 
deaths of his civilians and soldiers. 
He docs not care about the destruc-
tion of the industry, which he docs 

anger. 
There aren't many acceptable 

means of expressing anger in our 
society; people who do admit to 
feeling angry are often perceived 
as being somehow unbalanced. I 
think that we need to encourage 
teenagers to discuss their prob-
lems more openly rather than try-
ing to suppress them, to under-
stand that feeling angry is accept-
able but this anger must be 
expressed in a morally acceptable 
way. 

Legislation for gun control 
designed to keep firearms out of 
the hands ofteenagers is an impor-
tant first step to combat school 
violence, but it won't be sufficient 
in and of itself. J think it's impor-

THIS IS 
My. 

FATHER 
llEWlDl\INmD SlmS 01999 0 BPM 
SIIIIII/N&: JAJIfS WN, JOHN CI/W/(, 

AlAN fIIIINN, AND srEl'lWllIU 
A lonely Americon teocher finds a diary kept by his 
bedridden mother ond journeys to Irelond to locote 
his long lost father, in this tender-hearted love story. 

.... u~ •• 
May ~ • Wed. • 8pm • uCla Iande~l~ Auditorium 

EATING DISORDER 
Day Treatment Program 

This unique, comprehensive program 
offers a multidisciplinary team 

that includes a psychologist, physician, 
psychiatrist, dietician , activity therapist, 

movement and art therapist, marriage 
and family therapist, certified fitness 

trainer and a yoga speciali l. 

We are able to accomodate treatment to 
!luit your school needs. 

For information, enrollment and seminar schedule, 
contact Program Founder Dr. Divya Kakaiya 

falt~ 45 10 Executi ve Dri ve, # I 02 

~J San Diego, CA 92121 619.622-0221 it. in healthywithin.com 

The OC8lHloardian 

not know how to manage anyway. 
On the contrary, NATO bomb-

ings are helping him stay in power 
because much of the anger and dis-
content people have had in the past 
has now grown stronger and turned 
against NATO. Bombs have 
silenced the opposition. What can 
they say now: "Thank you NATO 
for teaching us a lesson?" 

The state of war declared in the 
country has made it very easy for 
Milosevic to close the few indepen-
dent media operations that existed. 
A well-known independentjoumal-
ist was killed two weeks ago in 
front of his apartment in Belgrade: 
Before the bombings started, that 
would have triggered a huge 
protest. Now, others who think like 
him are afraid and disappointed 
and wi II not speak out. 

Send comments and Letters to 
the Editor to guardian@ucsd.edu 

tant to establish programs to help 
kids try and cope with their prob-
lems, to help them fit in to society 
while working through the anger 
th~t often comes from the pres-
sures of high school and adoles-
cence. 

A policy of censorship will 
actually be detrimental to this goal 
because it denies teenager a valu-
able source of anger management. 
The goal hould not be to prevent 
teenagers who want to commit acts 
of violence in their schools from 
going through with their plans, but 
rather create an environment that 
does not breed this kind of rage and 
desire for revenge. 

Send comments and Letters to 
tire Editor to guardian@ucsd.edu 

OPINIONY 9 

Apply npw!!! 
. .~ 

The Berkeley- Review Provides: 
10 Weeks or Review And Testing or 
Important MeAT .Concepts14'-ry • .f--, 

i!l100 Hours Of Scheduled Lecture Topics 
~ In The Classroom+1+/_,f-+-++tt-+-

300 Hours or Office Hours To Supplement 
The Lecture 

Exceptional Instructors For Each or 
The Six Topic Areas or The MCAT~ 
Excellent Review Materials That You 
Get To Keep And Take 

1-800-622-8821 
www.berkeley-review.com 



I I 'O ~WS rw.i h'~'In_.aYa l I QrfT I ne uUiU uarcllan 

PICK UP/DROP OFF AN APPLICATION A 
Student Information (EDNA) @ the Price Center 
Student Center Services @ the Student Center 
UCAB Office @ the Price Center, Room 2.325 

REMEMBER, ALL CURRENT TENANTS MUST RE-APPLV 

n -'m m - THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF MEDICAL MINORITY EDUCATORS. INC .. WILL BE HOLDING ITS WESTERN &a I I C REG ION SPRING CONFERENCE AND RECRUITMENT FAIR AT THE UCSD SCHOOL OF MEDICINE CAMPUS. 
, THIS YEAR 'S CONFERENCE (TITLED "EDUCATION. TECHNOLOGY AND HUMANISM: RITES OF PASSAGE FOR 

THE NEW MILLENIUM") IS AN IN NOVATIVE APPROACH TO GROOMING STUDENTS FOR CAREERS IN MEDICINE (ALLOPATHIC AND OSTEOPATHIC). 
DENTISTRY. VETERINARY MEDIC IN E. OPTOMETRY. PHARMACY. PODIATRY. CHIROPRACTIC AND ALLIED HEALTH CAREERS (PHYSICAL THERAPY 
AND PHYSICIAN ASSISTANT). 

THE HEALTH PROFESSIONS REC RUITMENT CONFERENCE IS AN "INTERACTIVE" EDUCATIONAL EXERCISE OPEN TO HIGH SCHOOL AND 
UNDERGR AD UATE STUDENTS. AS WELL AS PARENTS WHO ARE INTERESTED IN LEARNING ABOUT THE "RITES OF PASSAGE" FOR BECOMING 
COMPETITIVE APPLICANTS TO COLLEGE AND HEALTH PROFESSION SCHOOLS. THE HIGH SCHOOL COMPONENT OF THE CONFE.RENCE WILL 
BE HELD IN LlEBOW AUDITOR IU M. AND THE UNDERGRADUATE COMPONENT WILL TAKE PLACE IN GARREN AUDITORIUM. 

IF YOU ARE INTERESTED IN ATTENDI NG. CALL THE HCOP /STUDENT OUTREACH OFFICE AT (619) 534-4171 OR PRE-REGISTER AT THE 
HCOP / STUDENT OUTREACH OFFICE. IN THE DATE BLDG .. ROOM 107_ WE ASK THAT YOU ~E_GISTE" BV MAY 5, 1999_ 

Education, Technology, and Humanism: 
Rites of Passage for the New Millennium 

A FREE HEALTH PROFESSIONS SCHOOL RECRUITMENT FAIR 
SPONSORED BY 

THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF MEDICAL MINORITY EDUCATORS, WESTERN REGION 
HOSTED BY THE UCSD SCHOOL OF MEDICINE Be THE STUDENT NATIONAL MEDICAL ASSOCIATION (SNMA) 

8:00AM 
9:00AM 

9:15AM 

9 :30AM 

9 :45AM 

10:45AM 

12:00 PM 

1 :00 PM 

1 :45 PM 

3:15 PM 

4 :00 PM 

4:15 PM 

4:30 PM 

Saturday, May 8, 1999 
UCSD SCHOOL OF MEDICINE, BASIC SCIENCE BLDG., GARREN AUDITORIUM, RM . 1105 

Registration & Continental Breakfast (Lobby. Basic Science Building) 
Introduction 
Robert Resnik , M.D. , Associate Dean, AdmiSsions, UCSD School of Medicine 
Welcome on Behalf of the UCSD School of Medicine Administration 
John Alksne , M.D. , Vice Chancellor, Health Sciences & Dean, UCSO School of Medicine 
Introduction & Message from the Director of WR NAMME 
Prescilla Bradshaw, D.M.D. , Director, Student Recruitment and Development, UC San Francisco 
School of Dentistry 
Keynote address: Health Professions Student Panel 
Moderator: Gail Currie , Ph.D. (Cand.), UC Davis School of Medicine 
RITES OF PASSAGE I: Learning & Life Skills for Academic Success 
Negotiating Standardized Tests, Study/Time Management Strategies & Interview Skills 
Louise Howard, B.A. , Learning Skills Specialist, UCLA School of Medicine 
Beverly Guidry, Ed.D. (Cand .), Dean of Student Affairs, Western University of Health Sciences 
Lunch with NAMME Health Professions Representatives and Students 
Provided by UCSD-BOM/HCOP Student Outreach Services 
RITES OF PASSAGE II: The Future is Now 
Virtual Reality Medicine and Technological Advances in Computerized Medicine 
Helene Hoffman, Ph .D., Assistant Dean, Office of Learning Resources 

Health Professions & College Admission Recruitment Fair 
(Lobby, Basic Science Building, 1 st Floor) 
RITES OF PASSAGE III: Case-Based Learning/Simulated Patient Exercise 
An Interactive Experience for Aspiring Health Professions Students 
Financing your Health Professions Education 
Maria Hernandez, Health Professions Regional Academic Representative, American Express 

The Final Word 
Charles Alexander, Ph.D. , Assistant Dean, Student Academic Affairs, UCSF School of Dentistry 

Raffle (Gift for Mother) and Collect Evaluations 

LECTURE: 
Current and earlier issues 
discussed by Gutierrez 
ContInued froIII PIIP 1 
ty of the nation. He said the pas-
sage of immigration laws marked a 
growing awareness about the glob-
al restructuring of the post-war 
economy. 

''There was great potential to 
change the demographic structure 
of the United States," he said. 

Relating current issues of immi-
gration to those of the early 20th-
century, Gutierrez aid many cur-
rent ideologies coincide and over-
lap with those from the early 
1900s. 

"Current rhetoric hear close 
echoes of politicians," Gutierrez 
said. "All prominent actors draw 
from a deep well of thought. 
Immigrants are felt to become 
American through a process of 
assimilation to American life." 

Gutierrez said grassroots orga-
nizations from the late 1920s to the 
present playa crucial role in oppos-
ing prejudiced immigration laws. · 

"Grassroots organizations pro-
vide the backbone of opposition 
and along with their liberal allies 
they appeal to a growing cos-
mopolitan awareness about basic 
human rights," Gutierrez said. 

Gutierrez said one organization, 
The American Citizens for the 
Protection of the Foreign Born 
(ACPFB ), began in 1933 in 
response to deportation campaigns. 

"The ACPFB focused their 
attention on the contributions of 
immigrants to society," he said. 
''They went even beyond this and 
stressed the critical point that the 
foreign born and lheir children are 
already part of American society. 
They believed it impossible to 
attack the foreign born without 
attacking American society." 

Gutierrez said the goals of the 
ACPFB were to end discrimination 
and the deportation drives, while 
slrengthening the Bill of RighlS. 

"The larger, more significant 
goal was to transfonn the percep-
tion of citizenship in the U.S.," 
Gutierrez said. ''The ACPFB began 
to develop a cri tique of nationaliza-
tion that transformed the nature of 
society in the U.S. Citizenship was 
no longer equated with ethniciIY." 

GUAIIdlAN 
CaJl 

534-3466 
for info and to 

RE ERVE PACE 
• • • It • It • It •• It It It •• It It " It • •• • 

Thursday, April 29, 1999 The UCSD Guardian NEWS II 

Thousands Protest Against Mumia's Possible Execution 
cASE: Abu-Jamal was 
convicted in 1982 for the 
murder of police officer 
Danny Faulkner 
By Rob Kuznia 
Minnesota Daily (U. Minnesota) 

PHILADELPHIA - When a 
police officer stopped Michelle 
Gross for luming onto a one-way 
off Lyndale Avenue in 1995, she 
said she was wearing a "Free 
Mumia" T-shirt. 

"He aw the shirl and went 
berserk," Gross said. "He called me 
a cop-killer lover, handcuffed me, 
took me to the station and paraded 
me around for everyone there to 
see. It was bizarre." 

Three and a half years later, her 
passion for the movement to over-
turn the conviction of Mumia Abu-
Jamal - and his subsequent death 
sentence - has not gone away. 

So Gross, who said she still har-
bors dislrust for the police, coordi-
nated a bus trip to {>hiladelphia to 
bring representation from the 
Minneapolis chapter of Refuse and 
Resi t to the Millions for Mumia 
March. 

On Saturday afternoon, 45 peo-
ple from Minneapolis - including 
18 Uni versity of Minnesota stu-
dents - were scattered throughout 
the crowd of about 10,000 in Ihe 
march through downtown 
Philadelphia. Because police 
refused to conduct an official 
count, the number is only an esti-
mate, according to the Associated 

Press. 
The crowd gathered in honor of 

Mumia Abu-Jamal's birthday and 
to ~issuade Pennsylvania's gover-
nor, Thomas Ridge, from signing a 
death warrant authorizing the exe-
cution. 

Mumia Abu-Jamal was convict-
ed in 1982 for the murder of a 
police officer named Danny 
Faulkner. The incident occurred 
while Abu-Jamal intervened in a 
struggle between Faulkner and 
Abu-Jamal 's brother. 

Supporters of Abu-Jamal decry 
numerous aspects of the case, 
including both the reputalion of the 
Philadelphia Police Department 
and the specifics of the case itself. 

The Philadelphia Police 
Department is the only major city 
police organization to be investi-
gated by the U.S. Department of 
Justice: Since the ongoing investi-
gation began, at least 137 prisoners 
have been released because Ihey 
were wrongly prosecuted, accord-
ing to a resource book on Abu-
Jamal's case. 

Supporters of Abu-Jamal also 
allege that police officers bribed 
witnesses, wi thheld evidence and 
lied in court to prosecute him. 

"One of the most astounding 
facts about the case is how testi-
monies which would benefit 
Mumia were silenced," said Matt 
Tyler, a senior attending Central 
High School. 

Among other examples, Tyler 
cited a police officer who said Abu-
Jamal confessed to killing Faulkner 

NGELS OF THE DUMPS 
_1I-la7- IUCOINWUEJlIJSII S8T11US-7P1 
A semi-surreal, often magical 
treatise on dlsplocttd people In 
Mocedonlo~ post-Communist era, 
this film Is reminiscent of the sweet, 
tragic/comic clowns of Felllni_ 

Going to SchoOl with 
Dad on My Back 
.. -I. -.......aRJSII s.mus -1:15PM 

The story of a boy whose widowed father spins 0 
spoon to see which of his two children will go to school 
- a deeply personal, beautifully evocative portrait of 
rurollife and the arbitrariness of fote_ 

lay 4 • ~esday • uao Mlleville Auditorium 

HILLCREST EXCLUSIVE ENGAGEMENT 
........ I.IINI. STAR1S FRIDAY, APRIL 30 

\,"\..\.'V'-" •• ,.,,"'. I"." ••• "" .. 

"One of the most 
astounding fact. 
about the case I. 
how testlmonle. 
which would benefit 
Mumla were 
silenced." 

- Matt Tyle, 
Abu-Jamat supporter 

In the emergency room. But in 
police records, Gary Wakshul, 
another officer who was wilh Abu-
Jamal in Ihe emergency room, 
wrote "I he Negro male made no 
statement" in his report. During the 
trial, the judge said Wakshul could 
not be called to the stand, because ' 
he was on vacation. Wakshul, how-
ever, was al home. 

The case was also complicated 
by Abu-Jamal's affi liation wi th the 
Black Panthers si nce age 15 and his 
widely broadcasted criticism of 
the Philadelphia Police Department 
as a radio journalist. 

At the march this weekend, sup-
porters came from a myriad of fac -
tions. Anarchists wearing black 
masks and waving black flags led 
the procession, followed by four 
miles of protesters, among them 
groups like the Black Panthers, the 
Trans-gender Association and veg-
ans. 

Picket signs, buttons, pamphlets 
and T-shirts espoused countless 
anti-establishment messages like 
"No Support to Capitalism's Racist 

Anli-Worker .PDlice," or, just sim-
ply, "No!" 

Media vans, police cars and 
curious onlookers surrounded the 
march, whi Ie media helicopters 
hovered above. 

Several high-profile speaker 
riled the crowd, including Elmer 
"Geronimo" Prall, a fonner mem-
ber of the Black Panthers who was 
recently released from prison after 
erving 27 years for a crime he said 

he didn ' t commit. 
Zach de la Rocha from Rage 

Again t the Machine also spoke, 
later donating $80,000 to the cause. 

"We gotta talk about pickin' up 
a gun, because that 's a tool ," said a 
leader from the Black Liberation 
Army to the crowd. "You young 
people, deal with people that you 
trust and you know. And lell no one 
else what you ' re gonna do and 
when you're gonna do it." 

Eric Larson, an individually 
designed interdepartmental major 
at the university, was pleased with 
the rally. 

''The way people behaved here 
was more demonstrative of how 
they felt than other demonstrations 
I've been to," he said. 

But Thomas Ienus from SI. Paul 
Technical College said he thought 
there were too many speaker . In 
addition, he said the inflammatory 
rhetoric hampered the cause. 

"The subject mailer [of the 
speeches) was too militaristic," he 
said. 

The Minneapolis bus seemed 
like a microcosm of the event in 

Philadelphia because of the wide 
range of political beliefs the riders 
pos essed, said a participant from 
Duluth known only as Glo. 

"Everyone seemed very politi -
cally involved," she aid. 

Three of the riders are involved 
with the Highway 55 protest; oth-
ers were in volved with issues 
involving globali zation, animal 
right and the war in Ko ovo. 

GID, who considers herself a 
communist, is an affiliate of a 
Duluth animal rights group named 
"Animal Liberation." 

Duluth resident Giavanni Conti , 
a Bolshevik, said he was di ap-
poinled by Ihe lack of action taken 
at the march. 

"I'm not going to say that I'm 
opposed to burning cities down ," 
he said. "And if the governor signs 
Mumia's death warrant, I'm going 
on a hunger strike." 

Peter Schmitz, a 43-year-old 
counselor at the Seward 
Community Support Program for 
disabled persons, said the demon-
stration would have a biggcr 
impact if peop!e would have 
embarked upon civil di sobedi -
ence. 

''The Civil Rights laws didn ' t 
happen in the 1960s because nice 
politicians were elected," he said. 

However, Schmitz had mixed 
feelings about participating in ille-
gal activi ty. 

"Yes, I would li ke to, for the 
impact," he said. "But no, I can 't, 
because I have to be al work on 
Monday." 

Kaplan students 
get .into Law School. 

Case Closed. 
9 out of 10 Kaplan LSAT students go 
to one of their top 3 school choices. 

- 1997 Bruskln-Goldring Research Study of students at the top 25 law schools. 

Call today to enroll! 

KAPLAN 
1-800-KAP-TEST 

www.kaplan.com 

.. 

.!!! 

~ 
en 
.. 



12 NEWS The UCSD 6lr.Ir 

Reservists Face Fear of War 
MILITARY: Clinton 
approved the activation of 
33,000 reservist for the 
situation in Kosovo 
By Larry Satterfield 
The California JlUie IV. Californi&Davis) 

DAVIS, Calif. Davi s, 
California i approximately 6,300 
miles from Kosovo. For reservists 
servi ng in all four branche of the 
military who attend UC Davis, the 
connict is real and the possibility 
of goi ng to war looms over them. 

In fac t, with President Bill 
Clinton approving the activation of 
33,000 reservists for the Ko ·ovo 
connict, within weeks many UCD 
reservists could be of nying into 
unknown territory to aid ATO in 
its efforts to quell the tyranny and 
ethnic cleansing inflicted at the 
hands of the President of 
Yugo lavia Siobodan Milosovic. 

The fir t to be called upon wi ll 
be those in the Air Force, in support 
of the 'i ncreasing air operations 
occurring in Ko ovo. The Army 
National Guard and Reserves will 
also see activations, as the Army 
begins their own intensive air cam-
paign with newly arri ved Apache 
helicopters. 

As the connict lengthens and 
the possibility of a ground war 
grows larger, more reservi ts are 
likely to be activated. 

"The president fully recogni zes 
thi di rupts life," said White 
House press secretary Joe Lockhart 
in USA Today. "But this is what 
reservi ts train for. This is what 
their mi sion is. From time to time, 

they are called." 
Amongst those on pins and nee-

dles right now are UCD Marine 
reservi sts who dri II at the San 
Bruno infantry uni t. Though no 
official word has been given, these 
Marines have been told to be ready. 

The situation has been a huge 
wake-up call to all reservists. After 
goi ng to boot camp and receiving 
other trai ning, reservists readjust to 
"normal" life; they go to school, 
li ve like anyone else and then are 
reminded for two to three days a 
month of their military commit-
ment when they drill wi th their 
units. 

ow, as they continue to go to 
school or work, and only bei ng a 
phone call away from Kosovo, they 
must remind themselves of why 
they enlisted. 

Omar Pena, a grunt at the San 
Bruno unit , is not only preparing 
for hi next midterm, but also for a 
possible acti vation. 

"You take bei ng a reservist for 
granted, sometimes and being a 
Marine for granted," Pena aid. "At 
times like this you start thinking 
about what your job [is] really 
about. Bei ng a grunt. you start 
thinking, 'My job is to take people 
out , and the guy whom I am going 
to face has the same job that I 
have.' 

"You get a little scared," he con-
tinued. "Not about what you have 
to do or your job; just about dying 
basically. I'm not cared to go, but 
scared of what could happen when 
I'm there." 

Fellow marine Daniel Ju has 
been training with Pen'a. He feel s 

that the thought of bei ng thrown 
into a ho tile envi ronment was at 
first jolting. 

"It 's a little bit eye opening," Ju 
said. "To come to terms with the 
possibility that I might die, it 's 
tough. But I don' t have a choice in 
the matter. My attitude is just do 
the best I can." 

The last time a situation escalat-
ed to this magnitude wa during 
Operation De ert ShieldlDesert 
Storm in 1990-9 1, when U.S. 
forces were mobilized to rebel the 
invading Iraqi forces from Kuwait. 

According to UCD Veterans' 
Affairs coordi nator Phil Knox, 
close to 50 students registered with 
the office were called up for duty in 
the Persian Gulf. Many reservists 
have u ed up thei r VA benefits and 
are not registered with the office, 
so the total number ca lled up for 
Desert Storm was concei vably 
higher. 

While Milosovic has not 
claimed that thi s confli ct will 
evolve into "the mother of all bat-
tles," an all-out war could be dras-
tically more bloody than Desert 
Storm for NATO and the United 
State , 

Many claim that Iraq was the 
ideal place to fight a war, with va t 
expanses of desert leaving the -
enemy visible and vulnerable. In 
Kosovo, with mountainous terrain 
complemented by urban settings, 
the enemy definitely maintains a 
clear advantage. 

The San Bruno infantry unit has 
been preparing for a war fought 
between buildings and rubble 
through Military Operations in 

Urban Terrain training. 
During their March drill , the 

San Bruno Marines participated in 
the Marine Corps Warfi ghting 
Laboratory Urban Warrior 

A~vanced Warfighting Experiment 
at Ford Ord, conducted with Royal 
Marines from England and the 4th 
Light armored Reconnai s ance 
Battalion from Camp Pendleton. 

The Royal Marines, who have 
had countless clashes with the Irish 
Republican Army, were blunt about 
the prospects of urban warfare. No 
matter how much bombing occurs, 
a platoon scouring a village or 
town must contend not only with 
snipers and booby traps, but also 
civilian and sy mpathizers, making 
the casualty ratio high for NATO 
forces. 

"We' re going to have to fight a 
war in their backyard, where they 
know how to fight, in a city where 
you take fire from anywhere, from 
whatever house," Pena said. "It 's 
very man-intensive and the ratio is 
not very good for the force going 
in, so that's scary. That 's what 
scares me the mo t, to be honest. 

"The civilian element makes 
your job that much more difficult, 
because you don ' t know who 
you're shooting at," Pena contin-
ued. "It gives the other guy that 
much more of an. advantage, 
because he doesn't care, obviously 
the Serbians don't care. They ' ll just 
as soon kill a civilian as a soldier. 
Basically we' re playing by the 
rules and the other guys aren't." 

With war 6,000 miles away, 
reservists are alone in having to come 
to terms with the real ities of war. 

Thursday, April 29, 1999 

"A lot of people still don't know 
the situation," Pena said. "I don 't 
think a lot of people understand the 
severity and what a ground war 
would entail. If it does c me to it , I 
think the American public will be 
very surprised. Some of my friend 
don't realize what ' going on and 
they joke about it, but they don 't 
understand. For them it 's not a real-
ity ; for us it is." 

With reservi st from Travis Air 
Force base almost ensured to go to 
the Balkan states, the Kosovo con-
mct draws closer to home. 
Reservists are trained for this type 
of situation, and soon the war 
games may be over; they could be 
face-to-face with the Serbians 
before final s. Yet even with the fear 
of death growing, with each day the 
conflict lingers. The reservist 
stand by their principles of joining 
the military and they know their 
roles as reservi sts is a vital one. 

"I believe in the future and my 
future here," Pena aid. "To have 
the liberties and rights that we 
enjoy as citizens here, someone has 
to pay a price for it, and I just like 
to know that I did my part for it. 
That's what I tell people. 

"But when you find yourself in 
a situation where you might go to 
war, or you might have to be in 
harm 's way, you don 't think about 
America or red, white and blue," he 
continued. "Personally, I think 
about my brother Marines. I'm sure 
they would do whatever it took to 
help me out [and] gel me out of 
harm 's way, and I would do the 
same for them - that's just the tra-
dition of the Marine Corps." 

Tbe illusions of Momix and 
Shawn s 'Tbe Feuer~' two very 

different yet high impact shows 

T he internationally celebrated group Momix mesmer-ized the audience of UCSD's Mandeville auditorium last Sunday night wi th its ubl ime mix of dance and illusion. With the aide of excellent lighting design, the ingenious use of props and a spirit of creative fun. 
the five athletic dancers made the audience afraid to blink for fear of 
missi ng a single image of the urreal world they created. 

Momix' work creates illusions in the audience's minds. In 
"Orbit," the solo dancer kept a large, glow-in-the-dark hoop spi nning 
hula- tyle on her body and hands the entire time. However. the low 
light and the amazing way she moved her body while spinning skill -
fully gave the illusion that he was dancing freely - within the con-
fines of a glowi ng hoop - rather than controlling it herself. 

In "Skiva," two dancers strapped securely into downhill skis 
played with the audience's perspective. In one breathtaking moment, 
they leaned forward until the skis came up and they balanced on the 
curved tip before falling to their hand . They then stayed there, hor-
izontal to the floor with the skis in a vert ical "V" behind them, so that 
it seemed as if the audience was seeing two sk ier from above. They 
also leaned, keeping the skis flat on the tage, to angle les than 45 
degrees. 

"Underwater Study #5" used with thi s same idea but for a differ-
ent sport: A solo dancer stood in a spotlight stage center, wellring 
goggles and an old-fashioned swim suit. His feet were wide apart , 
but he somehow slid them together without lifting them at all. Keep-
ing in sync to the driving beat of the music and without leaving the 
pool of light, he performed rhythmic movements, then pantomimed 
diving into a pool and swimming. He did more of the amazing slide 
movements rapidly, while also moving his arms, so that it was like 
seeing a breaststroker from below. 

"Medusa," a play on the French word for "jellyfish," mMuse, 
started with a dancer running around a well-lit tage. Only her feel 

were visible under a cone of white fabric draped from a pole that 
she held over her head. However, when the lighting dropped 

See MOVEMENT, Page 17 

By Hsnnah Griffith) Staff Writer . 



12 NEWS The UCSD 

Reservists Face Fear of War 
MILITARY: Clinton 
approved the activation of 
33,000 reservists for the 
situation in Kosovo 
By Larry Satterfield 
The California Aggie (U. California-Davis) 

DAVI S. Ca lif. Davis. 
Califomia is approx imately 6,300 
miles from Kosovo. For reservists 
erving in all four branches of the 

military who attend UC Davis, the 
conflici is real and Ihe possibility 
of going to war looms over them. 

In facl, with Presidenl Bill 
Clinton approv ing the activation of 
33,000 reservi I for the Kosovo 
conflict, within weeks many UCD 
re ervi t cou ld be of fl ying into 
unknown territory to aid ATO in 
ils efforts to quell the tyranny and 
ethnic cleansing infl icted al the 
hand of the President of 
Yugoslavia Siobodan Milosovic. 

The fir t to be called upon will 
be those in the Ai r Force, in support 
of the 'increasing air operalions 
occurring in Ko 01'0. The Army 
Nalional Guard and Reserves will 
also see acti vation , as the Army 
begins their own intensive air cam-
paign with newly arri ved Apache 
helicopters. 

As the contlict lengthens and 
the possibility of a ground war 
grow larger, more reservists are 
likely to be acti vated. 

"The president fully recognize 
thi s di srupts life," said White 
House press secretary Joe Lockhart 
in USA Today. "But thi s is what 
reservists train for. This is what 
their mission is. From time to time. 

Ihey are ca lled." 
Amongsl those on pins and nee-

dles right now are UCD Marine 
reservi sts who dri II at the San 
Bruno infa ntry unit. Though no 
offi cial word has been given, these 
Marines have been told to be ready. 

The siluation has been a huge 
wake-up call to all reservi t . After 
goi ng to boot camp and receiving 
other training, reservists readjust to 
"normal" life; they go to school, 
li ve like anyone el e and then are 
reminded for two to Ihree days a 
month of their military commit-
menl when they drill with their 
units. 

ow, a they continue to go to 
school or work, and only being a 
phone call away from Kosovo, they 
mUSI remind themselves of why 
they enlisted. 

Omar Pena, a grunt at the San 
Bruno unit , is not only preparing 
fo r hi s next midterm, but also for a 
possible acti vation. 

"You take being a reservist for 
granted, sometime and being a 
Marine for granted," Pena aid. "At 
times like this you start Ihinking 
about what your job [is] really 
about. Being a grunt. you start 
thinking. 'My job is to take people 
oul , and the guy w.hom I am going 
to face has the same job that I 
have. ' 

"You get a little scared," he con-
tinued. "Not about what you have 
to do or your job; just about dying 
basically. I'm not scared to go, but 
scared of what could happen when 
I'm there." 

Fellow marine Daniel Ju has 
been training with Pen-a. He feels 

Ihat the thought of being thrown 
into a hoslile environment was al 
first jo lting. 

" /t 's a little bit eye opening," Ju 
said. ' 'To come to terms with the 
possibility that I might die. it 's 
tough. Butl don' t have a choice in 
the mailer. My allitude is just do 
the best I can." 

The last time a situalion escalat-
ed to this magnitude was during 
Operation Desert Shield/De ert 
Storm in 1990-91 , when U.S. 
forces were mobilized to rebel the 
invading Iraqi forces from Kuwait. 

According to UCD Veterans' 
Affairs coordinator Phil Knox, 
close to 50 tudents registered with 
Ihe offi ce were called up for duty in 
Ihe Persian Gulr. Many reservi ts 
have used up their VA benefit s and 
are not regislered with the office, 
so the total number called up for 
Desert Storm was concei vably 
higher. 

While Milosovi c ha not 
claimed that thi s contlict will 
evolve into "the mother of all bat-
tles," an all-out war could be dras-
ti cally more bloody than Desert 
Storm for NATO and the United 
Slates, 

Many claim that Iraq was the 
ideal place to fight a war, with vast 
expanses of desert leaving the 
enemy visible and vulnerable. In 
Kosovo, with mountainous terrai n 
complemented by urban settings, 
the enemy defi nitely maintains a 
clear advantage. 

The San Bruno infantry unit has 
been preparing for a war fought 
between buildings and rubble 
through Military Operations in 

Urban Terrain training. 
During their March drill , the 

San Bruno Marines participated in 
the Marine Corps Warfighting 
Laboratory Urban Warrior 
Aqvanced Warfighting Experiment 
at Ford Ord, conducted with Royal 
Marines from England and the 4th 
Light armored Reconnai s ance 
Battalion from Camp Pendleton. 

The Royal Marines, who have 
had countless clashe with the Iri sh 
Republican Army, were blunt about 
the prospects of urban warfare. No 
mailer how much bombing occurs, 
a platoon scouring a village or 
town must contend not only with 
snipers and booby trap, but also 
civili ans and sympathizers, making 
the casualty ratio high for ATO 
forces. 

"We' re going to have to fight a 
war in their backyard, where they 
know how to fight , in a city where 
you take fire from anywhere, from 
whatever house," Pena said . "It 's 
very man-intensive and the ratio is 
not very good for the force going 
in , so that 's scary. That's what 
scares me the most, to be honest. 

"The civilian element makes 
your job that much more difficult, 
because you don ' t know who 
you ' re shooting at ," Pena contin-
ued. " It gives the other guy that 
much more of an. advantage, 
because he doesn t care, obviously 
the Serbians don 't care. They ' ll just 
as soon kill a civilian as a soldier. 
Basically we' re playing by the 
rules and the other guys aren ' t." 

With war 6,000 miles away, 
reservists are alone in having to corne 
to terms with the realities of war. 

Thursday, April 29, 1999 

"A lot of people still don ' t know 
the situation ," Pena said. "I don't 
think a lot of people understand the 
severity and what a ground war 
would entail. If it does c me to it , I 
think the American public will be 
very surpri ed. Some of my friends 
don' t realize what's going on and 
they joke about it , but they don 't 
understand. For them it ' not a real-
ity; for us it is." 

With re ervi ts from Travis Air 
Force base almost ensured to go to 
the Balkan states, the Kosovo con-
mct draws closer to home. 
Reservists are trained for thi s type 
of situation, and soon the war 
games may be over; they could be 
face- to-face with the Serbians 
before finals. Yet even with the fear 
of death growing, with each day the 
conflict lingers. The reservists 
stand by their principle of joining 
the military and they know their 
roles as reservists is a vital one. 

"I believe in the future and my 
future here," Pena said. ''To have 
the liberties and rights that we 
enjoy as citizens here, someone has 
to pay a price for it, and I ju t like 
to know that I did my part for it. 
That 's what I tell people. 

"But when you find yourself in 
a situation where you might go to 
war, or you might have to be in 
harm's way, you don ' t think about 
America or red, white and blue," he 
continued. "Personally, I think 
about my brother Marine . I'm ure 
they would do whatever it took to 
help me out [and) get me out of 
harm's way, and I would dQ the 
same for them -that's just the tra-
dition of the Marine Corps." 

The illusions of Momix and 
Shawn:S- (The Feuer~' two very 

different yet high impact shows 

T he intemationally celebrated group Momi x mesmer-ized the audience of UCSD's Mandeville audilorium last Sunday night with its sublime mi x of dance and illusion. With the aide of excellent light ing design, the ingenious use of props and a pirit of creative fun. 
the fi ve athletic dancers made the audience afraid to bl ink for fear of 
missing a single image of the surrea l world they created . 

Momi x' work creates illusions in the audience's minds. In 
"Orbit ," the 010 dancer kept a large, glow-in-the-dark hoop spinning 
hula-style on her body and hands the entire time. However, the low 
lighl and the amazing way she moved her body while spinning skill -
fully gave the illusion that she was dancing freely - within the con-
fines of a glowing hoop - rather than controlling it herself. 

In "Skiva," two dancers strapped securely into downhill skis 
played with the audience's perspecti ve. In one breathtaking moment, 
they leaned forward until the skis came up and they balanced on the 
curved tips before falling to their hands. They then stayed there, hor-
izontalto the floor with the skis in a vertical "V" behind them, so that 
it seemed as if the audience was seeing two skier from above. They 
also leaned, keeping the skis flat on the tage, to angles les than 45 
degrees. 

"Underwater Study #5" used with this same idea but for a differ-
ent sport: A solo dancer stood in a spotlight stage center, wellring 
goggles and an old-fashioned swim suit. Hi s feet were wide apart , 
but he somehow slid them together without lifting them at all. Keep-
ing in sync to the driving beat of the music and without leaving the 
pool of light, he performed rhythmic movements, then pantomimed 
diving into a pool and swimming. He did more of the amazing slide 
movements rapidly, while also moving his arms, so that it was like 
seeing a breaststroker from below. 

"Medusa," a play on the French word for "jellyfish," medllse, 
started with a dancer running around a well-lit tage. Only her feet 

were visible under a cone of white fabric draped from a pole that 
she held over her head. However, when the lighting dropped 

See MOVEMENT, Page 17 

By Hannah Griffith) Staff Writer 



14 HIATUS The UCSD Guarpian Thursday, April 29, 1999, 

MYSTERY AND MAYHEM BEYOND THE MOVIES 
13usman)s Honeymoon)) a detective mystery) is the Lamb )s Players Theatre alternative to the big screen 

By Marc Comer 
Senior Staff Writer 

If you ' re going to see one movie 
this spring, ee "Star Wars." If 
you' re going to see two movies, see 
"Austin Power : The Spy Who 
Shagged Me," But, if you enjoy 
going to the theater and watching 
more than a flat screen and flat 
characters. "Busman 's Honey-
moon" is the play that will keep you 
enticed. 

Written by Dorothy Sayers and 
Muriel St. Clare Byrne, "Busman's 
Honeymoon" i a fa cinating mys-
tery involving Sayers' famous 
detecti ve character Lord Peter 
Wimsey. Lord Peter, who appeared 
in Sayers' fir t novel Whose Body in 
1923 and went on to be the hero in 
many of her future works, was 
brought to the stage after Byrne had 
convinced Sayers to collaborate on 
a Lord Peter play. 

Though first performed in Lon-
don in December of 1936, "Bus-
man 's Honeymoon" continues to be 
performed by renowned playhou -
es. Lamb Player's Theatre in Coro-
nado is currently presenting the 
play in its unique form. The story 
begins as the wealthy Lord Peter 
and middle-class Lady Harriet 
Wimsey begin their honeymoon. 
After only one night of honey-
mooning. the two find themselves 
confronting a confounding murder. 

David Cochran Heath, a mem-
ber of the Lamb's Players Theatre 
tafr, plays the clever Lord Peter 

Wimsey. Heath. who look and 

sounds like the late Phil . Hartman 
and continues to be the Lamb's 
Players' leading man, addresses the 
part of Lord Peter with his u ual 
tyle. Although the great charm 

exuded from Heath is 0 natural it i 
diflicult to tell if he's really acting, 
there is nothing terribly new or 
exciting employed in the role by 
Heath. 

The leading lady in the play, 
Cynthia Gerber, who is also on staff 
at Lamb's Players, plays the newly 
wedded mystery writer, Lady Harri-

- et Wimsey, who is thought to be 
Sayers in disguise. Gerber 's perfor-
mance i less than stellar and is 
hardly noticed in the play. This 
does, however, give the other actors 
more room to shine. 

And Nick Cordi leone, Mary 
Miller and Doren Elias do just that. 
Cordi leone performs superbly, 
playing Frank Crutchley, the gar-
dener and handyman at the Wim-
sey's honeymoon home. His part is 
crucial to the play 's balance, and 
Cordi leone does it on one foot. 

Miller successfully takes on the 
role of Miss Twitterton, the daugh-
ter of the deceased, who is foolish-
ly in love with Crutchley. Her role 
is secondary, but her acting in "Bus-
man's Honeymoon" is first rate. 

Elia , who takes his minor part 
to a new level, plays the pan of 
Bunter the butler. It is his strict 
demeanor and antics that give 
"Busman's Honeymoon" its much-
needed fl ai r. 

One might say that the support-

escapes from 
Russia ilto China. 

ing cast in "Busman's Honeymoon" 
is the play's only suppon. 

The set makes up for the play's 
lack of lead acting. Designed by 1. 
Michael Desper as his MFA thesis 
project, the stage is enthralling and 
should no doubt earn him a degree. 
Desper, who is a third-year gradu-
ate tudent at SDSU, captures the 
audience with his extremely 
dynamic set. The set even allows 
for an action sequence toward the 
end of the play. 

All in all the play is very decent; 
not Lamb's Players' best. but very 
good nonetheless. 

The theater itself, with its Euro-
pean-style seating, is very cozy, as 
far as playhouses are concerned. 
Every audience member is close to 
the actors, with no seat more than 
seven rows from the stage. 

If you' re looking for something 
a bit more lively and far more 
engaging than your typical theater 
experience, go see "Busman's Hon-
eymoon" at Lamb's Players Theatre 
in Coronado. You won' t even have 
to wait in line for a ticket. 

"Busman's Honeymoon" runs 
through May 23. Tickets range from 
$16to $34 and are available by call-
ing the Lamb's Players Theatre Box 
Office at (619) 437-0600. Dis-
counts are available for students, 
seniors, active duty military and 
groups of 15 or more. For more 
information call the box office or 
visit http://www.lambspla),ers.org. 
Lamb' Players Theatre is located at 
1142 Orange Ave. in Coronado. 

COurtesy of Nate Peirson 
Ac:tInCI: Davip Cochran Heath plays Lord Peter Whimsey in the 
Lamb's Players Theatre's new production of "Busman's 
Honeymoon." The production will be running through May 23, 

mock Jewi!Jh Wedding 
:oo? & part'! 
o a 

OnSalu~, 
ma'J IJI 

al8:30pm 
:iwo ,jtuJenlj /rom YCS2> and S2>SU 
wilt come logether in mock matriTrWn';l 

After t~ break the g~ ... 
oflve Y!ezmer mUjic ~ ::DJ & ::Dancing 

Wedding Cat; 
P'rue conlribute $5 lowanh lhe WedJifUj planrwrJ JUlul 

J:ocation: :ike. teauli/ut 

Sociatfiatt of ':Alerelk .Jjraet S'JtUUJO<Jue 

...... D •• OO 
U C S 0 

6660 Cow/ej mounlain Blvd 

The Wedding and Party are Hillel of San Diego's 
Final Area-Wide Event of 1998-99 
Info : (619) 534 -2521 or hlllelOucsd .edu 

"il.VllJU Q2::>U ;loT The ucSD Guardian 
GlJ AIH j:>1 

HIATUS 15 

CONTEMPORARY OPERA WITH EXPLETIVES 
Anthony Davis) opera, 'Tania)) tells the story of a modern and sensational American scandal 
By Jessica Scheppmann 
Senior Staff Writer 

Traditional operas are not 
expected to be expletive-filled sto-
ries about contemporary issues. We 
expect Italian divas dressed in old-
world garb singing about lost love , 
not modem day women grap-
pling with issues of identity 
and lost innocence. Yet 
Anthony 

MAKE YOUR 
PARENTS 
$50,000 
HAPPIER. 

The Army now 
offers up to 
$50,000 for college 
for qualifying appli-
cants with the 
Montgomery G.1. 
Bill plus the Army 
College Fund. 

To find out more, 
call your local 
recruiter at: 

La Jolla 
619-488,2781 

ARM~ 
I. ALL lOll CAN IL 

www.goarmy.com 

Davis, a professor of music at 
UCSD and the author of "Tania," 
seems to have taken a gracefully 
aging an and seamle Iy integrated 
it with modern-day issues and 

interests. 
Friday's performance of 

''Tania,'' Davis' modem opera on 
the kidnapping of Patty Hearst was 
a brilliant example of his complex 
musical taste and talent. Although 
the performance was a demonstra-
tion of the musical score of this 
particular opera instead of a full -
dress performance, the example of 
the jazz-influenced opera coupled 
with the beautj(ul voices of a mul-

titude of singer ' wa an eye-open-
ing experience for the opera 
novice. 

For those unfamiliar with Lhe 
kidnapping of Patricia Hearst, 
some background could be helpful. 
In 1974, the real life 19-year-old 
Patricia Hearst, heir to the Hearst 
fortune, was kidnapped by the 
Symbionese Liberation Army. She 
was held for 20 months, and 
claimed that she was brainwashed, 
which led her to aid her captors in a 
bank robbery. She was rehabilitat-

ed for two years, married one of the 
guards charged with preventing her 
from escaping and can currently be 
seen acting in five of John Water 
films . 

"Tania," starred Cynthia Aaron-
son-Davis as Pattyrrania. Aaron-
son-Davis, who is also the wife of 
Anthony Davis, is an experienced 
and accompli shed opera singer 
who ha performed with the New 
York City Opera, and is also a crit-
ically acclaimed interpreter of con-
temporary music. 

The opera also featured the 
voice of Avery Brooks, who also 
plays Captain Sisko on "Deep 
Space Nine." His deep tenor voice 
was beautiful and oothing when 
coupled with the rest of the perfor-
mance. Brooks, who also per-
formed the role of Malcolm X in 

Davis' 1997 opera X: 

The Life and Times of Malcolm X, 
is also a tenured professor of the-
ater at the Mason Gross School of 
the Arts. Additionally, he has 
taught at Oberlin college and 
received honorary doctorates from 
three other colleges. 

UCSD professor Carol Planta-
mura, who is head of the vocal 
department, performed the part of 
Patti's friend . She i author of the 
The Opera Lover 's Guide to 
Europe, and has been involved in 
opera performances for over 30 
years. Her performance was ener-
getic and exciting, and her familiar-
ity with a variety of opera genres 
was communicated in perfor-
mance. 

Rand Steiger, conductor for thi s 
performance, is also a professor in 
the music department at UCSD. 
Hi s compositions have been per-
formed around the world. and he 
has served on a number of interna-
tional exchanges with musicians 
from other countries. 

The hour and 45 minute perfor-
mance wa an excellent example of 
Davis' work. His long and distin-
guished career as a jazz pianist and 
composer had an obvious influence 
on the orchestra's musical score. 
The story 's modem theme coupled 
with the jazz influence made the 
performance more accessible, 
while at the same time preserving 
the classic beauty of the opera. 

Davis is the author of a number 
of works, including three other 
operas and a number of classical , 
award-winning works. 

The Associated Students Programming Office proudly presents 

hereandnow 
a 

The 'hupe that brings 
the Asian-American 
experience into 
perspective. 

The Show: is a series of 
vignettes incorporating 
improvisation, music, 
comedy, and dance. All 
of the material is original 
- conceived, written, 
directed, and performed 
by Asian American 
artists in the company. 

Theatre group 

May 3rd • Monday • 7pm 
Price Center Ballroom • Free 

READUCSDMon.Th SUN GOD ISSUE 
THURS. MAY 13TH 

'10U'VE GOT LESS THpiN 36 HOURS 
You probably think you have to have worked here for years Lo be an editor. 

You probably think that despite your overwhelming interest in UCSD news, events, art and sports there's no way you 'd get the job. 
You probably think you haven't got a prayer of being elected. 

'1 0 U ' REP ROB A Bl'1 ~J RON G • 
We're looking for hard-working students who care about campus issues to fill our shoes next year. If you've got the time, the drive , and the willingness to work with our group, 

, .............. " •• b!irH,?,,!r.~~~":,t; ~~~ ~ p<!"e[!~tt.eno. ~l!r .o!f!c~~ .b$!tor~ ? p:m. ~his. ~ri.diJY illJC! £IP'ply (or Pt'l~ p( Qur mCJIlYJ~djtor posjtjonl). . . .. _... . . 



16 HIA11JS TIle UC;:SI).Guardian nlbunda)l..April,29". ,1999 

JACKIE CHAN DOES A DOUBLE TAKE 
'Twin Dragons' satisfies fans of Hong Kong cinema, but it lacks the usual Jackie Chan punch 

By Mike Last 
Staff Writer 

In "Twin Dragons," martial arts 
expert Jackie Chan breaks new 
ground by playing not just one char-
acter, but two, doubling as a pair of 
twin brothers fighting a crime lord in 
Hong Kong. Separated at birth, iden-
tical twins John Ma and Boomer 
meet years later to find that Ma, who 
was raised by the twins' birth par-
ents, is a famous piani t and conduc-
tor, whereas Boomer is a two-bit 
thug with a talent for martial arts. 

The film continues with a series 
of mistaken identity gags as the 
brothers find themselves living 
each other's li ves. The action gets 
rolling when Ma is forced to dri ve 
a get-away car that Boomer was 
slated to dri ve, while Boomer is left 
to conduct a symphony in his 
brother's absence. Neither is suited 
for the tasks he finds himself fac-
ing, but both cope nonetheless. 

After the dilemma is resolved, 
Ma finds an excuse to accompany 
Boomer as he faces a gang in order 
to save Ma 's friend . This scene 
makes for an entertaining climax in 
a car test-site, but al 0 earns a low 
score on the plausibility meter, 
even for a Jackie Chan fli ck. 

Though corny and predictable, 
the movie certainly has its 
moments. At least the dubbing 
sticks in mind - though with less 
regard to the dialogue and more 
with regard to the music. Many 
scenes featuring Chan playing the 
piano just feel wrong ... hi s finger-
ing rarely ha anything to do with 
the sounds produced. More-
over, this film was made on a lower 
budget than is typical for Hong 
Kong- made movies. Both Chan 
characters appeari ng on screen at 
once, for example, inev itably 

Dou .... Trou .... : Jackie Chan and Maggie Cheung star in Dimension Film's 'Twin Dragons '. 
means that one of the faces is 
blurred somewhere around the 
nose. These faults , however, seem 
to add more than they detract from 
the movie. 

In addi tion, in "Twin Dragon " 
Chan spends more time showing 
olT his comedic presence than is 
usual for his American releases; 
Chan the comedian seems to carry 
the film perhaps not as well as 
Chan the acrobat. At times, the two 
are integrated. such as when one 

twin experiences the motions of the 
other, whether it be a wandering 
piano-playing hand or a body-
wrenching boat chase. It is in these 
scenes that Chan's natural grace 
and range of movement are used to 
comedic affect. 

Fans of Hong Kong cinema are 
sure to appreciate this film . Except 
for the two lead actresses (Nini Li 
Chi and Maggie Cheung, also of 
"Police Story" fame), all of the 
adu lt characters (including extras) 

are members of the Director's 
Guild of Hong Kong, which makes 
sense being that "Twin Dragons" 
was created to raise money for the 
organization's new office space. 

Observant moviegoers will also 
notice faces such as John Woo 
("Hard Boiled," "Broken Arrow" 
and "Face-Off') and Tsui Hark 
("Double Team," "Swordsman 
Series" and the upcoming Jet Li 
vehicle "Black Mask") in bit parts. 
And for those who have seen every 

Courtesy of Dimension Alms 

martial arts nick known to man, 
each action sequence has a differ-
ent choreographer. 

Overall, this movie is not one of 
Chan's best, but entertaining 
nonetheless - skip it if you don' t 
like Chan. None of the fight scenes 
or stunts are particularly notable, 
although the off-combat moments 
are certainly more memorable than 
normal. Bottom line: This movie is 
better than average for Chan, but 
still just a Jackie Chan flick. 

MOVEMENT: 
Dance adds power to 
political statement 
COIItInued frOM paC- 13 
and she opened the umbrella-like 
contraption underneath the sheet of 
cloth, she became a jellyfish float -
ing and undulating in an underwa-
ter world. 

The audience hardly ever saw 
the dancer, except for the few times 
her face peeked out. Once the stage 
was darkened except for a red spot-
light on the immobile jellyfish form, 
and the outline of her body was 
momentarily visible in the red glow 
inside. Bells were heard at the end 
of the dance, and the dancer held an 
umbrella upside-down near her 
ankles and swayed back and forth . 
The swathes of cloth macle her and 
the prop into one entity, and one 
final image was produced: a tOiling 
bell. The dance was not about the 
way a human body can move, but 
rather about how a human can, with 
a fairly simple prop, create the illu-
sion of something else. 

In the final piece of the perfor-
mance, the audience didn ' t see any 
dancers at all - only their shad-
ows. The curtai n opened not on the 
stage but on a white screen. 
Dancers' bodies were projected 
onto it in varying sizes. At one point 
the si lhouettes of two people about 
normal ize were seen sitting cross-
legged. Large fuzzy upside-down 
"V"s appeared above them. As they 
came into focu ', the audience ~aw 
that they were giant leg. The legs 
"kicked" the sitter off the screen, 
then spun around as they magically 
shrank to become the size of the 

previous images. They walked to 
meet each other at the center of the 
screen, but instead of interacting 
with each other as two real dancers 
would do, they melted into each 
other and became one figure made 
of four legs and nothing else. 

This piece, titled "e. c." for 
"extra-celestial man," is the oldest 
in the show. It has been a crowd-
pleaser ever since it was created in 
1982 (when the movie "E.T." was 
very popular). It plays with the odd 
i mages various body parts can pro-
duce, eventually creating a little fig-
ure that talks about trying out the 
gravity on earth, then floats upward 
and, at one point, presents a little 
sign that says "I love (heart) 
UCSD." Though shadow plays may 
be the norm in South Asia, here in 
the United States it is quite some-
thing else to see a theater-full of 
adults transfixed by shadow tricks. 

Momix is in high demand. The 
company has performed in numer-
ous countries in Europe and South 
America. as well as Mexico, Cana-
da, Japan. Taiwan, Singapore and 
Au:;tralia. In addition to the five 
full -time Momix dancers that per-
formed at UCSD. there are six part-
timers who perform when the com-
pany is douhle booked. This is not 
an infrcquent occurrence; the other 
Momix oontingent is currently on 
tour in Italy. 

For some reason Momix is more 
popular in Europe. espec ially Italy, 
than here. In addition to li ve per-
formance, they have made five 
television features that have been 
broadca t to 55 other countries, 
including the former USSR and 
China. Though the Mandeville 
audience c.:Iapped and cheered for a 

'The Fever' 
succ .... edln 
making a high 
Impact on the 
audl.nce •••• It wa. a 
profoundly 
disturbing piece that 
more peopl. should 
_, or at I.ast 
reacl. 
good five minutes - with two 
standing ovations - that enthusi-
asm is merely standard . Brian 
Simerson, a Momix dancer since 
1994, recounts, "Once in Italy we 
had to do 27 curtain calls." 

"I' ve done c.:Iassical and modem 
dance. Momix is more like a 
Broadway show," Simer on adds. 
"I don 't think we've ever done a 
show where people don' t walk out 
without a mile on their face." 

On a completely different note, 
this weekend was, unfortunately, the 
closing performance of ''The Fever" 
at the Fritz Theater. Far from caus· 
ing its audience to leave smiling and 
dreaming, thi s show forced its spec-
tators to face hard questions about 

the modem world. As a monologue 
focusing on our society's selfish 
apathy in the face of the gross 
inequities of resource distribution in 
the world, this play was intended to 
make its audience uncomfortable. 
The words of the lone speaker. 
played by Brian Bevell , were com-
plimented by the action of three 
dancers, who moved around the 
stage both in pedestrian movement 
and "dancing" movement, occasion-
ally interacting with Bevell. 

Carol Abney 's choreography 
went well with the text. At times 
the movement illu trate certai n 
moments, such as when the dancers 
(Abney, Colleen Phillips and Shan-
non Snyder) seemed to become 
some of the people Bevell discuss-
es. At other times the movement 
was more ab tract, with the dancers 
following the tone of the text rather 
than the exact words. Some who 
saw the show complained that it 
was too much to iake in. However, 
the movement added another 
dimension, and forced audience 
members to pay more attention, 
which was appropriate given the 
weighty nature of the text. 

The protagonist told of hi dis-
covery of Marxi t thought and his 
effort to reconcile it with his inabil-
ity to give up hi s own comfortable 
lifestyle. He agonized and attempt-
ed to rationalize it in a multitude of 
ways. ''There' a rea on J have 
money: I worked for it. I'm entitled 
to have ni ce things," he said. One 
did nOl need the added hint of the 
three dancers turning their backs to 
hear the hollowness of his words. 
Shortly thereafter, he admitted the 
fa llacy of thi s tatement. Talking 
about the chambermaid that 

cleaned his hotel room, he said, 
"She worked, she pUlS in long 
hours ... Why do 1 make so much 
and they so little?" Most spectators 
likely cou ld not escape identifying 
with these uncomfortable issues. 

Finally the man came to realize 
that his life "is an example of some-
one who's gotten away with some-
thing," the same way a child gets 
away with eating more than his or 
her share of cake. He could not 
escape the conclusion, vile to him, 
that ''The life I lead is irredeemably 
corrupt." Nonetheles , he could not 
bring himself to fo llow the impulse 
he had to spontaneously give all his 
money to a beggar in the foreign 
country in which he wa traveling, 
or to really change his selfish capi -
talistic ways. The way he spoke, 
spectators were forced to take a 
hard look at their own li ves. 

Many people may remember 
Wallace Shawn, who wrote "The 
Fever" in 1991 , a Vi zzi ni ("the 
Sici lian") from ''The Princess 
Bride," or as a co-author of "My 
Dinner wi th . Andre." ''The Fevcr" 
succeeded in' making a high impact 
on the audience. It gave a mental 
slap in the face to remind viewers 
of the world ' breathtaking unfair-
ness, and that while they go on wi th 
their happy lillie lives, vinually 
nothing is being done to remedy 
this grave ituation. II was a pro-
foundly disturbing piece that more 
people should see, or at least read. 

Next at the Fritz: "On the Map 
II: Writers from America's Fi nest 
City." "The Zhabotinsky Reac-
tions" by Judith Montague open 
May 6, and "Strangc Bedfellows" 
by Tim We t opens May 13. For 
information call 233-7505. 

(J)avi~s Summer 
~ Ueff) ll'fNTS OffICE: PRfffNTS 
Legendary Modern Dance from N.V. 

I 
1liiy • ltIIillllwItIt EIIIid IIIIIItIeI • 1. • 7PM 

The story of a shy 19 yeor old living with his 
unemployed brother, sister-in-law, and infont 
nephew in Turin, who spends 0 holiday with his long-
lost unc/e_ 

The tragic tale of a poor but gifted boy in Naples 
whose neighborhood Is rife with violence ond killings. 
The boy Is befriended by 0 young priest whose interest 
In 'he young boy is 0 bit more than Innocent. 

a,rH 29 • Dursi, • uCla Malivil~ Aldiiri. 

KATE WINSLETu 
"BEAUTIFUU" "SUMPfUOUS!" 

...... ,...,1IIIOIlI _o".w.._mD ... 
"STUNNING!" __ crc-~ 

"GORGEOUS!" "LUSCIOUS!" 
...... ~UII __ mD .u. ......... IIII8I'IImIIJWIEJ 

"SULTRY!" "TERRIFIC!" 
........... 1UIMr 

_ ..... PWII 

"TRIUMPHANT!" 
........... 1IWIlU 

"EXOTIC!" 
....... mlllW1UIITIMD 

Li in 
I)ance 
('MllanY 

May 7 . Friday . <1:15-20 
&pm . ucm Mandeville Auditorium 

Traditional I-Iawaiian Dance 

HALAu HULA KA No 'EAU 

May 5 . ~turday . ~12-15 
&pm . ucro 'Price Center 'Ballroom 

Visit our website @ hffp://ueo.ucsd.ecJu 
UCSD Box Office <619>S34-TIXS 

PMIlENTEDBV 

UCSD UNIVERSITV EVENTS OFFICE 

~~~~ 
~"'A""OCIl"I[It..u..c 
.... 1IIlIIOUM ' 'owtll I CAl, IIOftU 

-.-.=:-n:.' .:!!!!.~~ 



18 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian Thursday, April 29, 1999 

• Courtesy of Outback Adventures 
Wild Blu. Yonder: A. UCSD student enjoys the warm San Diego weather during an exciting sea kayaking adventure courtesy of UCSD's Outback Adventures Center. 

6 0 IN' 0 U T Bp\ C K Hidden deep on campus, UCSD's Outback Adventures Center is an amazing resource for those yearning for cheap outdoor adventure 
By John Maynard 
Sports Editor 

Tucked away under a canopy of 
eucalyptus trees stands UCS D's 
best-kept secret. It is sandwiched in 
between the Visual Arts building 
and Roosevelt College ' "Camp 
Snoopy." 

If you have no clue what exists 
in this neck of the woods, you are 
in good company. After all , only a 
few people have heard of it, and 
even fewer students have used it's 
services. Yet it is an amazing place 
that cannot be ignored any longer. 

It is the UCSD Outback 
Adventures Center, and it is 
UCSD's best-kept secret according 
to interim program director Brian 
Grube. Considering the endless 
amount of opportunities the 
Outback Center has to offer, Grube 
is right -.:.. it is definitely the best 
and most under-used resource on 
campus for students and faculty 

alike. 
UCSD Outback Adventures was 

first conceptualized 15 years ago 
by current UCSD Recreation 
Director Chuck Gormley. The pro.-
gram 's initial vision was to estab-
lish an outlet that would allow 
UCSD faculty, staff and students to 
enjoy the outdoors. Fifteen years 
later, that same motto exists . 

"We are here to provide stu-
dents, faculty and staff with a real-
ly good wilderness outlet," Grube 
said, "to see places in California 
they norr.nally wouldn ' t be able to 
see with guides and gear that they 
can afford." 

And if anyone knows how to 
provide fun and challenging adven-
tures it is Grube, who has been with 
the program for seven months. 
Grube, who has been living in San 
Diego only as long as he has been 
working at UCSD Outback, is orig-
inally from Wisconsin, where his 

~-~~------
: ... ilr,. ..... .." 
, ..... _------
, a.#: _____ _ 
, -..,,,., *,. •• iIIII1 
, '0 10 __ ".,0 
: ",..,,,..,,,., GIaB *,..""", .,_ 
, ... ",,,,,,,.,,,,,,,. a"."",., "'_ ,,_ 

I 
~r~r~in.!.d~s :~i~, 

expertise lies in kayak adventures. 
In the midwest, Grube ran a wilder-
ness program for five years that 
pecialized in sea kayaking adven-

tures. He said that the Wisconsi n-
based adventure program ran expe-
ditions that lasted anywhere from 
one day to an enduring 56 days. 

"On some of the longer expedi-
tions, we would hike, canoe and 
climb for 670 miles, starting in 
Northern Saskatchewan and ending 
in the Hudson Bay," Grube said. 

Though Grube does not foresee 
any two-month long excursions in 
the future of UCSD Outback, he 
said he would like to see the pro-
gram expand and go international. 

"I'm excited about taking 
Outback Adventures into its next 
phase," he said. "I would like us to 
do longer guide training and start-
ing international programs like run-
ning kayaking trips in New 
Zealand and trekking in Nepal." 

But before you start renewing 
your passport and getting your visas 
approved, you may want to see 
what UCSD Outback has to offer 
right now. Though half of spring 
quarter's programs are fi lied, Grube 
said there are many day hikes and 
weekend trips still available. 

One such trip is UCSD 
Outback 's annual "Cedar Creek 
Falls and Julian Apple Pie" outing, 

Not So ,. Off: 
The Outback 
Adventures 
Center is located 
between the 
Visual Arts 
Building and the 
International 
Center. Camping 
gear is available 
for rent and trips 
leave daily. 

on May 8. On this East County 
exploration, Grube says partici-
pants should expect a great day of 
hiking foHowed by an opportunity 
to gorge yourself silly on Julian 's 
famous apple pies. 

Prefer something a liUIe more rig-
orous? Try the May 14 to 15 Mount 
San Jacinto trip - which is not for 
the faint of heart. ,J'his two-day 

Se~ 0U1'I~ Page 19 

TH E .TM ANNUAL 

GREAT HAWAIIAN SHiRr 
SWAPMEm 

Drop off your old Hawaiian 5hirt I;>y arry FINS Mexican Eatery 
Friday thru Sunday, MAY 7, 8 " 9 and 5Wap it for a 
FREE combination meal. Recycle ana make Don Ho proud! 

~ ...... 0 LA JOLLA VR.LAGE 5QUARE I"ACIFIC &EACH 
_ ~ ~ttJ!p--!.. ~ ~~::hw'Y5 G_~~~t5t. 

::w-~~~-=---~~ 1UIl1.: r,.... .. Nl;ldIO"......,.,.IIPfII'9WII. LW ..... 
a ~ :,::':~=::.-:..~:.:=.::.;... 

Quality You Can Taste 

With In-N-OufAnd 
The Sigma Chi Fraternity At 

P.C. Library Walk On May 14 th 
_Nl plJJCMdl goJct tbe.San OlIgo CoIIIIon.b .. HaInIIIM IIId CIiIIIrn ..... NIIwoItI. • 

Thursday, April 29, 1999 

OUTBACK: 
Getting out has 
never been so easy 
ContInued frOlll ..... 18 
excursion takes students up and 
down the 11 ,000 foot peak in one 
try - a 12-hour round trip. 

If this does not sound refresh-
ing enough, however, the La Jolla 
Shores sunset kayak may fill your 
niche. This breath-taking and 
relaxing paddle is on May 16. 

Aside from running a pletho-
ra of invigorating outings, 
UCSD Outback Adventures also 
run the Outback Climbing cen-
ter - another one of UCSD's 
hidden gems. Situated in the 
Canyon View recreation center, 
the Outback Climbing center 
offers classes and open rock-
climbing to all students. 

If you're interesting in join-
ing the Outback for an adven-
ture, or if you're into creating 
your own adventure - the cen-
ter rents out equipment as well 
- give them a call at 534-0684. 

Programs range from day 
hikes in the desert to week-long 
adventures in the Sierras - all 
are priced for students' budgets. 

A11ENIDI!! 
ALL EDITOR 

CAD 
ARE DUE IN 

"WALT'S 
BOX" 

BY FRIDAY, 
APRIL 30TH 

COACH: 
Big fat guys wins 
money on sports 
ContInued .......... 22 
I had three drinks lined up in 
front of me and Stacey came 
back and started talking trash, 
saying that my associates and I 
couldn't drink. Of course we had 
to prove her wrong. And of 
course, only one of us broke even 
that night. But that wasn't the 
point. The point was that I had 
used my winnings from the Padre 
game I bet on to pay for my craps 
that night. So essentially, I got a 
free night of debauchery! 

The rest of the story is more 
of the same, spending hours in 
the Book, belling and drinking. 
But as proof of my belling 
prowess I offer you this: After 
the Ii!st parlay was in, I was up 
about $30, which il huge money 
in my little world. 

And so the credits ran on my 
sportsNegas weekend. Oh yeah, 
the girls actually ended up win-
ning the whole damn soccer 
tournament. Sadly, my associate 
and I never even made it to one 
game. Vegas, baby, Vegas. 

The UCSD Guardian 

RUBGY: 
Two-Peat Champs 
for UCSD 
ContInued froIII ..... 24 

It scored another try to make it 
12-6. Just before halftime, it got 
another and all of the sudden 
UCSD was down 15-6. Then, early 
in the second half, Chico State got 
a penalty and upped its lead to 18-
6. Now things were looking bleak: 

The defense came through for 
UCSD, pushing Chico back. UCSD 
saw its chance to strike. Led by cap-
tain Brian Kennedy, UCSD sprang 
to life. Anthony "Pretty Tony" 
Amerio, Sevak "Yeti" Hayrapetian 
and Kevin "Destroyer" Bell began 
to execute Takeuchi's offense to 
perfection. Chico began to stagger 
under their pressure. Hugh 'Huge' 
Gill proved to be just that for 
UCSD, scoring a try at the 10-

• minute mark that cut Chico's lead to 
18-11 . It was the turning point. 

''They were on their heels," 
Courtney 'Bird Boy' Geigle said. 
"We knew that if we didn ' t run 
out of time, we 'd have a good 
shot at winning." 

UCSD kept pounding. Chico 
State was wilting, but it had grea~ 

heart and its defense kepi fighting 
off UCSD's attacks. However, it 
just could not stand up to the intense 
pre sure and in the 37th minute, Gill 
came up big again, scoring a try. 
Wilga added the conversion and the 
game was tied at 18. 

UCSD's pressure paid off again 
on the ensuing kick-off. The 
UCSD squad was awarded another 
penalty, and Wilga came through 
in the clutch, booting it through 
and giving UCSD a 21-18 lead. 

However, Chico State was not 
done. It forced UCSD into two 
penalties, giving them two tries to 
tie the match. But the kicker missed 
both tries to tie the game and UCSD 
stonned the field in triumph. 

It was another amazing run for 
UCSD. It outscored it opponents 
80-24 in three matches. Bell was 
named Most Valuable Forward 
for the tournament and Geigle 
garnered Most Valuable Back 
honors. Wilga ended up leading 
all scorers with 25 points. 

UCSD definitely played the 
game the way it should be played: 
It dominated the entire nation. 
UCSD has proven that it IS 
Division /I 's mo t impressive 
team. The only thing left to do is 
to do it again. 

SPORTS 19 

POLO: 
Tritons get berth in 
Nationals 
ContInued from PllCe 24 
best and [we're) anxious to get in 
there and win." 

The UCSD women's water polo 
team i no stranger to this tourna-
ment. Overall , the Tritons have fi ve 
national titles, which is two more 
than any other team. 

"This is really coming full circle 
for me, since we pl ayed in 
Nationals at Davis my freshman 
year," Irwin, one of two seniors on 
the team, said. "We're all excited to 
play in it this year." 

The Tritons have a really good 
opportunity at going far in this tour-
nament, and are excited at the chance 
to crush the many teams that they 
played during the season. Looking 
back, the Tritons took No. 6 San 
Diego State, No. 7 UC Davis, No. 9 
San Jose State and No. 10 UMass 
into overtime during the season. 

"This is our final chance to kick 
butt and really play well," Kathryn 
Ozaki, the other senior on the team, 
said. "There is no pressure, and 
we' re just glad we get the chance to 
go." 

u. ._ .. _, .. _-_.£_ .. 
/ 

I !J 11"' ·,lIa'·""'Ii 
Medical division of THE PRINCETON REVIEW 

. ................ ....... . . . ............ ............... _-_ .. ---_ ... .. 



20 CLASSIFIEDS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
I =- !§.-~: I §l.~ :JII 
*ROUND TRIP COURIER FARES~ 
London $349 Sing $300 Hong Kong $389 
China $360 Sydney $580 Bangkok $370 
~1'B:I'n'lilil'!!ll'!il!-'D 
AIR COURI ER INTERNATIONAL 

1-800-298-1230 24 hr 

I '<I> L 
Multicullural Fraternity 

Leadership • Academics 
Brotherhood • Multi-cultural Unity 

Looking for Founding Fathers 
emai: Garma Phi EptiIon Ohomalcan 

cal2B7-1730 

EUROPE $239 OIW ANYTIME IN 
1999. Hawaii $119, CariblMexico 
$189 rlt Discount Fares Worldwide. 
888-AIRHITCH. www.airhitch.org 
(taxes additional) (4/5-6/3) 
Spend a Semester in Europe! 
UCSO's Education Abroad Program 
in the Netherlands has no language 
prerequisite. Costs are comparable 
to what you'd pay here. Deadline: 
May 7th. Contact the Programs 
Abroad Office for more information. 
(534-1123) . (4/29-5/6) 
Study in Brazil, Chile or Costa 
Rica! Semester or full year 
programs available. 2 years of 
university-level Spanish required. 
Earn UC credit! Financial Aid and 
scholarships available. Deadline: 
May 7th. Visit the UCSD Programs 
Abroad Office for more information. 
(534-1123) . (4/29-5/6) 
Parlez vous English? You can study 
abroad! UCSD offers academic 
programs in Australia and New 

. Zealand. Eam UC credit. Financial 
aid applies. Don 't miss out on this 
opportunity. Deadline: May 7th. Visit 
the Programs Abroad Office. (534-
1123). (4/29-5/6) 
Study in Italy! UCSD otters 
semester programs in business, 
economics , and international 
studies at Bocconi University in 
Milan. l ' year of university-level 
Italian required. Deadline: May 7th. 
Contactthe Programs Abroad Office 
for more information. (534-1123). 
(4/29-5/6) 
Discoverwhatlife south of the border 
is really like! Study in Mexico through 
UCSD's Education Abroad 
Program. Language Prerequisites 
vary. Programs available for 
students with 0 to 2 years of Spanish. 

.. .. . .. .. .. .. .. .. - ... -

.............................. 

The UCSO Guardian 

CLASSIFIEDS 
The UCSD Guardian reserves the right to classify. edit. delete oflensive words and 
phrases, and/or refuse any and all advertisements without prior nolilication. The Advertiser 
will not hold the Guardian liable lor any claims resulting from the publication of the 
advertisement. The publisher will also not be held accountable lor any claim from an 
agreement made between the advertiser and the consumer. 
Copy should be reviewed by the advertiser for errors. In order to be corrected in the next 
regular Issue. all errors must be reported by the correspunding deadline. Credit will .only 
be given for the incorrect portion of the advertisement. There are no refunds for cancellations. 
PIe .. a Mnd all corr .. ponclenc. regarding Cla .. lfleda to: 
UCSD Guardian, AHn: CI ... lfleda, 8500 Gllmen Driv. 10316, La Jolla, CA 820113. 
Actullliocatlon: Student C.nter A, Room 217. 

Deadline: May 7th. Contact the 
Programs Abroad Office for more 
information. (534-1123). (4/29-5/6) 
Habla Espanol? Study in Spain! 
UCSD offers a semester program in 
Cordoba that gives you UC credit 
for second year Spanish. 1 year of 
university-level Spanish is requited 
to apply. Deadline: May 7th. Contact 
the Programs Abroad Office formo!e 
information. (534-1123). (4/29-5/6) 
Study in Africal Deadline for 
UCSD's Education Abroad Program 
in South Africa is May 7th. Visit the 
Programs Abroad Office for more 
information. (534-1123). (4129-5/6) 
All Guardian Editor Applications 
are due in Walt's box by tomorrow, 
April 30th. (4/29) 
Advertisers : Be a part of the 
Guardian's biggest issue of the 
spring! The Sun God Issue 
highlights all the facts about the 
1999 Sun God Festival. Plus--get 
a break on 1/4-page or larger ads! 
Call 534-3466. Deadline to reserve 
is Monday, May 10th at 2p.m.!(41 
29-5/10) 

EMPLOYMENT 
learn Bartending 

FUN SUMMER JOBS. Gain 
valuable experience working with 
children outdoors. We are looking 
for caring Summer Day Camp staff 
whose summer home is in or near. 
the San Fernando or Conejo 
Valleys, Malibu, or Simi Valley. 
General Counselors & Specialists. 
Salaries range 52, 100-$3,200+. Call 
818-865-6263 or go to 

www.workatcamp.com (4/1-5/20) 
Catalina Island Summer 
Employment_ Make money and 
meet new people working in Avalon, 
Catalina Island for the summer. We 
have poSitions available for friendly, 
outgoing, retail salespersons. 
Housing available. Send resume or 
application requestto Bay Company 
P.O. Box 1025, Avalon, CA. 90704. 
Or fax application request to (310) 
510-2357. (4/1-29) 

911 gflts.com 
SOFTWARE ENGINEER 
Fast growing e-commerce firm seeks FT 
programmers. Compensation includes 
stocks oplions and competitive salary. 
Perl (CGI Scripts), C/C .. , HTML, Java 
Unix & RDBMS experience (Oracle, SOL) 
Fax resume to 619-298-9812 or e-mail 
clltlg0911gllll_com. No calls. 

COME TO MAINE! Camp Takajoa 
boy's camp on Long Lake, Naples, 
Maine hiring staff. Don't miss this 
opportunity to work at one of the top 
camps in the country. June 22-
August22. Transportation provided! 
Positions in Newspaper, Pioneering, 
Basketball, Baseball , Soccer, 
Tennis , Swimming, Sailing, 
Ceramics, Wookdworking, Archery, 
Riflery, Radio, Video, Canoeing, 
Secretary, Cooks . Call Mike 
Sherbun at 800-250-8252. (4/5-29) 
We Pay You! 29 people needed to 
lose up to 30 Ibs. in 30 days. Doctor 
recommended. Call (619) 272-4985. 
(4/5-5/6) 
$1500 weekly potential mailing our 
circulars. No Experience Required. 
Free information packet. Call 202-
452-5940. (4/5-6/3) 
SUMMER PAINTING POSITIONS. 

Classified Line 
Ad Rates 

Students: $3 per 20 word. 
F~ulty • Staff: 54 per 20 wofda 

AU othera: S5 per 20 word. 
Advance payment is required. 

Classified Display 
Ad Rates 

$9.00 per column Inch 
Deadline.: 

Publicltlon Dil. DiIIUY Ada Une Ada 
Noon Thur.. 3 pm Thura. 
Noon Mon. 3 pm Mon. 

Thursday, April 29, 1999 

why you want the job and how you 
will t to work. (4122-5110 
$2,000 monthly. Make spare-time 
cash weeklyl Assemble products or 
mail letters. Hundreds of home-
based opportunities available right 
now! No experience necessary. 
Information? Rush $3 cash and a 
SASE to: Work At Home P.O. Box 
948511 La Jolla, CA. 92037. (4/26-
29) 
Male Models, Average build. Open 
minded. Good pay, pleasant working 
environment. For more information 

UCSD Housing Maintenance is call : COASTAL PRODUCTIONS 
hiring student painters for the (619)368-6884. (4/26-5120) 
summer to assist with prep., painting 

Take full advantage of your ethemet and drywall repairs. Begin 6/14/99. 
Mon-Fri , 7:30am-4:00pm $6.871 or intemet capabilities by getting 
hour. Pick up application from Cyndi paid per hour to be online. It is 
at 9224A Regents Road. (4/15-29) completely free, and there are no 

obligations. To sign up or get more 
Web Designe'" Programmers! info go to : http :// 
Online Marketers_ PT, FT and www.alla d van tag e . com I 
intemshipsavailable.Fax(619)839- go.asp?refid=BAE200. (4126-516) 
3652 or e-mail jobs@ipstrategy.com 

Optometric asslstant- part time, (4/19-29) 
bright, enthusiastic person for new 

Make $3-5,000_00 or more a . office in UTC location. Will train. 
month while you go to school. 447-8494 or 792-2879. (4/26-516) 
Explosive Internet business. 

Small Restaurant, near UCSD, La Unlimited potential. Call (800)570-
Jolla Shores, very flexible hours, P/ 3231 ext. 5580. (4119-29) 
T cashier, counterhelp $5.75-$6.501 

Responsible and loving nanny hr. We train, leave message. Kevin 
needed in Del Mar. Must have 273-8623. (4129-516) 
experience with infants and young 

Come Grow With Usl Chico's, children. Provide references and 
women's casual clothing group, is own a car. Long-term commitment 
looking for wnthusiastic and preferred. 30-40 hrslweek. Call 755-
motivated people to join our retail 3024. (4119-.29) 
family. Full benefits with full-time 

After-School Child Care: Two UCSD and excellent bonus compensation 
Professors seek after-school child for all. Sales experience preferred. 
care for their 11-year-old son in La Will train 619-792-70800r619-638-
Jolla. Monday through Friday (or 0138. (4/29) 
portions thereof), 3:30-5:30p.m. $71 =-:...::.::.:...L::.::.::L _____ _ 

Temporary delivery'drivers wanted hr. car required . Available 
immediately, please call Mark or Mother's Day Weekend (May 7-9) 
Karen at 534-5462 or 459-4470. (4/ for busy UTC-area florist. Must have 

own vehicle. Call Sandra 622-9999. 22-29) 
Energetic and responsible individual 
needed to supervise three boys, 
ages 10/13/14, during June and 
August. You must have valid drivers 
license. Experience with childcare 
is not mandatory; however, you 
MUST be intelligent, caring and 
absolutely committed to providing a 
supervised, safe/fun environment 
for my three children in our Carmel 
Valley home. Hours are 8-6, Monday 
through Friday. Salary is $60/day. 
To apply, send written resume to 
CeliaSchleyhahn, P.O. Box200476, 
Austin, TX 78720. You must include 
two character references from a 
former employer/teacher{school 
coach or other professional person 
who knows you well. Also include 

(4129-5/3) 
PIT sales clerks. wanted for busy 
UTC-area florist. Friendly, 
responsible individuals. Flexible 
hours. Must be available nights and 
weekends. Sandta 622-9999. (4/ 
29-5/3) 
Web Designers: Interested in 
forming a team of 3 or 4 wlknowledge 
of technology, but layout creativity 
more important: 
Aneuman@ix.netcom.com Fax 
456-0683 Attn: Alan. (4129-5110) 
FIT Summer. Work in La Jolla office. 
Must know Excel and Quicken. M.H. 
Services, Inc. 619.456.24271 fax 
619.456.9452. (4129-5117) 
Environmental internships: Get 

"Specilli Couple" 
Neelis Egg D01101~ 

Vibrant, affluent couple seeks fantastic egg donor possessing 
the following attributes: 5'5" or taller with Blond/Light Brown 

Hair and Blue, Green or Light Hazel Eyes. $6000.00 will 
compensate this special person for her time. 

Please call' CREATIVE CONCEPTIONS, INC. at 
1-888-411-EGGS 

(Be sure to mention the ad you are Clllllng about_) 

Thursday, April 29, 1999 

crediUexperlencel Positions in 
research, marketing, consulting, 
education. Green Restaurant 
Assoc. 619-233-GOOD. We can 
change our world! (4129-5110) 

The UCSD Guardian 

FOR RENT (1/11-613) 
Give the miracle of life- Becoming 

PRE·RENT your housing for an egg donor. Females between 21 
summer or fall of 99. Near UCSD/ & 31, call (619) 673-0885. 
UTC area. We have 2-3-4 or 5 (Compensation for time , 
bedroom houses or condos. For inconvenience) (2116-6/3) 
information call 619-578-4257. (3/ 
29-4129) EGG DONORS NEEDED! 

Desper.ltely wanted by infertile. hopeful 
parents.AII races needed. Ages 21-30. 

Compensation $4,000. Please call 
OPTIONS National Fertility 

Relistry (800)886-9373. 

Become an Egg Donor. Help make 

requiring one visit including 
questionnaire and blood draw. Call 
to see if you qualify for free blood 
test. UCSD 534-2815. (4129-6/3) 
WANTED : 3 BEDROOM 
APARTMENT, CONDO, OR 
TOWNHOUSE TO RENT OR 
LEASE IN SEPTEMBER FOR THE 
1999-2000 SCHOOL YEAR . 
Preferably something in UCSD/UTC 
area. Call 455-7827. (4/29-6/3) 

SERVICES 

CLASSIFIEDS 2! 

(4129-5110) 
Herpes and Cold Sores: Emotional 
support and accurate medical 
information. Call San Diego City 
HELPO at (619)491-1194 for 
recorded info. (4/29) 

LOST & FOUND 
La .... Tag Staff_ UL TRAZONE the 
Ultimate Laser Adventure, San 
Diego's premier laser tag 
entertainment venue, is hiring 
outgoing and energetic full-time and 
part-time staff for regular and 
summer-only positions. Apply in 
person at ULTRAZONE Tuesday, 
May 4th or Tuesday, May 11, 4pm-
7pm. Glasshouse Square Shopping 
Center, 3146 Sports Arena 
Boulevard., #21 (one block east of 
SD Sports Arena). (4/29) 

1 BR furnished-8686 "CO Via 
Mallorca. Includes linens, kitchen 
supplies, sofa bed, new TVNCR. 
Pool , spa, gym. Available now 
$1350. Marietta 459-6944. (4/26-51 
27) 

FOR SALE 
a couple 's dream come true . r - - - - :~ - - - - ~ .. 
Surrogate Parenting Services. 1 
(800)373-9525. (3/11-6/1) I 

Missing: Compaq 1235 laptop 
computer from Black HalV Warren 
Apartments on Sunday, March 7th. 
Reward for its return or information 
leading to its return. Call 455-7827 
or e-mail: Stars91913@aol.com (41 
12-6/3) 

Restaurant: Hostess/Host. Part-
Time weekends. $6-$8/hr. plus tips. 
Will also train for food service. Apply 
9a.m. t02p.m. Monday-Friday, The 
Eggery, Etc. 4130 Mission Blvd. 
Pacific Beach. See Phil (619)274-
3122. (4/29-5/10) 

ROOMMATES 
Female roommate wanted. Room 
avail (6/1) in 3bd. condo. $420 + 1/. 
3 utilities. Close to UCSD, UTC. 
Call Andrea or Linda 546~8866 . (41 
19-29) 
Sublease Wanted. Male law student 
preparing for Cal-Bar seeking 
sublease for June and July. Call 
Melinda at 450-3301 with 
information. (4/29) 
Female roommate wanted for large 
house. Share bathroom, own room. 
Close to school. $365/mo. 546-
1488, Pets OK. Available"now. (4/ 
26-29) 
Need 2 roommates to share house 
with grads. 2 rooms available. $285 
/$265 + deposit. 4.65 miles from 
school. Call for details. Todd 622-
96n. (4129-5/6) 
Room available. Large Master 
bedroom, 5 minutes from UCSD, 
UTC. Fully fumished, own covered 
parking. WasherlDryer, pool & more. 
Need to rent out ASAP! 340-3264 

r. 4129-513) 
Seeking clean, friendly female, 
21+yrs. preferred. Share master in 
3 bed. 2.5bath condo starting July 
1. 1yr. lease, $325/mo. Biking 
distance to UCSD, 2 car garage, 
pool,jacuzzi, tennis court. Call Krista 
625-0546 or 642-6909. (4129-5/6) 

HOME AUDIO SPEAKERS, 36 in., 
never been used. Built-in amplifier. 
$150/pair. OBO. Bo. 452-2512. (41 
19-29) 
PC for sale. 486DX, Windows 3.1, 
still works . Great for word 
processing. Lots of programs. $125. 
(w/ monitor, mouse, keyboard). 546-
1488. (4/26-29) 
'90 Toyota Camry, 4 drs, white, 
100,000 mi., good/clean condition. 
Pwr windowllock, alc, 10-disc cd, 
radio & tape. Call 920-4069. (4/26-
5/6) 
Dresser, Pine, 5 drawers, as new, 
wlmirror $175. Call Tiffany 824-
9276. (4/29-5/3) . 

VV ANT E D 
EGG DONORS 

-wlKE A DIffEREIlCE" 
in couples lives that are longing to 

haw a family. They need your special 
HELP. 

" you ... '-'thy .nd "--n 
l~yrsold. 

Co",!*,UIion Is '-rilly gillen for 
your time and effort-$3000 ptua 

$150 lot ... veI •• pen_. 
Please call 

CRERTIIIE ClllCEPTICll.R 
1-888-1111-£888 

f [11111 l (II, lqq .... AOL ( 111 
.. ! t) ill l r! t! .f C l Ill! plilill III , 

Caucasian Research subjects 
reimbursed for interview. If you are 
a UCSD student, 21-26, call 552-
8585 x4185 for more information. 
(1/11-6/3) 
Volunteers paid $30.00 for interview. 
If you are entirely of Japanese or 
Korean descent, age 21-26, call 
552-8585 x 2182. (1n-6/3) 
Jewish Research subjects 
reimbursed for interview. If you are 
a UCSD student, 2'1-26, call 552-
8585 x4185 for more information. 

~;L~ 
Mexico City 
Lima 
Hon.Ko,.. 
Sydney 
Auckland 

$211 
$280 
$450 
$781 
$701 

London 
Par.s 
Madrid 
Rome 
At_. 

$478 
$448 
$548 
$864 
$777 

RestrictKlns apply. Subtect to availab,lity. Some fares 
may reqUIre student/teacher status. 
~~~~--------___________ 'tt 

CIEE: Council on Inlernalional Educallonlll Exchange 

UCSD Price Center (811) 452-083_0 __ 
..... c--..... ........ 

ASIAN EGG DONOR NEEDED: 0 
blood type. Taiwanese, Korean, or 
Japanese preferred. Financially 
rewarding. Call Tara (619)449-9497. 
(3/29-4/29) 

WE'RE LOOKING FOR A 
FEW GOOD SPERM! Sperm 
donors needed. Ages 20-3B.AII races. 

$SO per acceptable donation. Call 
OPTIONS National Fertility 

Registry (800)886-937l. 

Summer Sublet, condo, house, or 
apt., 2 or 3 bedroom, UTC or La 
Jolla area, responsible, 
professional, (760) 353-8861 . (4/1-
28) 
DO YOU EXPERIENCE AN 
ASSOCIATION BETWEEN 
NUMBERS, LETTERS, AND 
COLORS? You might have 
synesthesia! The Brain & Perception 
lab of Prof. Ramachandran is 
seekingindividuals who experience 
color synesthesia. If so, please 
contact us at: 534-7907(4/8-29) 
The Laboratory for Research on the 
Neuroscience of Autism of 
Children's Hospital Research 
Center is recruiting healthy adult 
male volunteers for our studies. 
PartiCipants will be paid $10.00 per 
hour. For details, please contact 
Greg Allen at 551-7927 x235. (4/ 
22-5/3) 
PREGNANT? Have you considered 
private adoption? Call (800)676-
3163 for free information or visit our 
website: Adoption By Choice.com. 
(4126-5120) 
Heavy Menstrual Periods? More 
than 7 days? You may have a 
treatable bleeding disorder. We are 
conducting a research study 

1 
1 
1 
1 
I 
1 
1 
I 

MI AR 
HAND 

CARWASH 
5716 Miramar Rd. 

1 (Behind Unocal 76 Station) 
1455· 1 1 20 • M-S'" 81m-5pm, Sun. eam-4pm 

:$lOFF~~Sh 
I Extra charge for 
I oversized vehicles. I 

-----------~ 
Passport Photos, $6.95. Color 
Copies, 75¢, with ID. CAL COPY 
(619) 452-9949. La Jolla Village 
Square. (next to Tower Records) . 
(4/19-6/3) 

PERSONALS 
Advertisers : Be a part of the 
Guardian's biggest issue of the 
spring! The Sun God Issue 
highlights all the facts about the 
1999 Sun God Festival. Plus-get a 
break on 114-page or larger adsl 
Call 534-3466. Deadline to reserve 
is Monday, May 10th at 2p.m.! (41 
29-5/10) 
Chris H.(ightower) You know I want 
you; Ijustdon'tshowit. Too bad you 
have a girlfriend, anctyou play poker 
like a girl. (4/29) 
Happy Birthday tomorrow to 
Guardian Managing Editor Julia 
Kulla-Mader! (4/29) 
You wanna go to Carrot Top 
tomorrow night? Neitherdo I. (4/29) 

PERSONAL INJURY? Let That exemplary father Woody Allen 
experienced attorneys and UCSD and wife now have a baby. Soon 
alumni recover big money for you. Yi-remember that a heart wants 
Contact Brett Peterson at 232-1826 what it wants. (4/29) 
or Bauhaus83@Yahoo.com (4/26, 
513) 
www.TutorNation.com Free online 
tutor,trainer, instructor referral 
service in academic, foreign 
langauges, musical instruments, 
computing, sports. Free registration. 

Congrats to AS on landing Carrot 
Top for a revamped all-campus 
commencement. (4/29) 
Confused man claims UFO's 
planted orange trees in his backyard. 
(4129) 

(ure spring fever 
with a (old shower 
Splash inlo the Fastest, wildest rapids of 

I the yeor on the Kern. Through May 15, 
you ond a boatload of friends can 
escope for a day of rafting for jusl $300 
weekdays, or $400 weekends (that's for 
each boatload of up 10 six people). Call 
1 -800-323-4234 and ask for the 
Boatload deal and Wfap up the term with 
a caol head. 



22 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian Thursday, April 29, 1999 

Tritons End Year With Another Hn~M'ft'I~-:. COACH: Las Vegas: it's not 
just slot machines 
ContInued frOlll ...... 24 

ROUGH: UCSD ended its season of near-misses by losing to Point Lorna Nazerene College 4-3 
By Bill Burger 
Senior Staff Writer 

When the UCSD men 's tennis 
team members look back on this 
eason, they probably wi ll wish 

they were playing horseshoes. At 
least that way they would have 
been given credit for being close 
so many times. In four matches 
this year the Tritons have been 
wi thin one game of victory . and 
many other times they were well 
wi thin striking distance. The last 
match of the year against Point 
Lorna Nazarene Uni versity was no 
exception. Despite dominating at a 
few positions, the Tritons once 
again came up just short in the 
end, fa lling to the Crusader, 4-3 . 

In doubles, UCSD had prob-
lems and it lost the crucial doubles 
point. At No. I doubles, Steve 
Shabel and Mike Rosell played 
well but unfortunately were up 
agai nst some sti ff competition. 

Their opponents had won the Ojai 
Tournament the prior week. 
Shabel and Rosett hung close but 
eventually fell to the Ojai 
champions, 8-5. 

At No. 2 doubles, 
Ari Frankel and 
Graeme Bouchey 
were very inconsis-
tent and could not put 
together a streak of games. 

"They played very erratically," 
Head Coach Eric Steidlmayer 
said. "They would play well for a 
game but then give a few away, 
and you can't win like that at this 
level." 

At No. 3 doubles, Vincent 
Darmohusado and Ping Yeh 
played tough against a good team 
and eventually pulled out the pros-
et in a tie-breaker. Unfortunately, 
the win by Yeh and Darmohusado 
was moot because UCSD lost the 
doubles point due to the other two 

losses. 
At No. I si ngles, Steve Shabel 

won with almo t no resistance, as 
his opponent was nursing 

an injury. Shabel oblit-
erated his lame 
opponent in a 6-0, 
6-0 victory. At No. 
2 singles, Mike 

Rosett took on Nathan 
Bell from Point Lorna. 

Rosell played poorly in the first 
set and lost that set, 2-6. In the sec-
ond set, neither player was playing 
up to their ability. At 5-5, Bell 

' broke Rosett 's serve and then 
served out the set for a 6-2, 7-5 
victory. 

At No. 3 singles, Ping Yeh 
played smart and tough to take his 
match in three sets, 6-1, 2-6, 6-3. 

"Ping played a pretty good 
player," Steidlmayer said. "[Yeh] 
played well up at Ojai and I think 
that that carried over to this 

A UNIV E RSAL STUDI OS CO"PANV .. IIIIII~.CIIIII 

PRESENT A 
SPECIAL ADVANCE SCREENING 

FREE POSTERS, SOUNDTRACKS & PRIZES 

Wednesday May 5 
7:00 PM 

Price Center Theater 

_ Pick Up FREE Passes at the _~ Price Center Box Office starting 
.,,- May 4 @ noon 

Presented By 
University Events Office 

www.PrevlewThe8ter.com 
'::-: ..... - •• :: .. .... . :: .... ...... . _.::-!.~ ..... .. '!~" .. " ... ..... : !. ..... ~-<o . .... :!. ~ ........ :!~ .~ ............... ,: ...... ~ ........ ": ... -. ~ 

match." 
No. 4 si ngles was hard on 

UCS D and Bouchey. Bouchey 
played poorly and could not find 
any kind of rhythm as he was 
defeated, 0-6, 0-6. 

No. 5 and No. 6 Vincent 
Darmohusado and Ari Frankel 
both also lost in close matches and 
when everything was added up, 
UCSD had lost another heart-
breaking 4-3 match. With this loss, 
the tennis team ends its season 
without an invitation to nationals. 
The team looks forward to quali-
fying for the playoffs next year, 
despite losing five seniors. 

"All our seniors gave us a great 
effort this year:' Steidl mayer said. 
"Ping and Steve were winning a 
lot for us at the end of the year. 
They will all be hard to replace but 
we have good recruits coming in 
and I am looking forward to 
improving next season." 

and I were big winners at the Book. 
By the way, all that playoff hockey 
ended by about IO-ish, then we were 
ready for the rest of Night #2 (I say 
Night #2 because time has no mean-
ing in Vegas. There are no clocks or 
windows anywhere, I didn't see the 
sun for about 90 percent of the time 
I was there). To celebrate, we spent 
our winnings on only the best: a $7 
bottle of the bubbly. 

Night #2 was mostly a blur, but I 
remember a lot of $1 craps, and a 
waitress named Stacey. At this point 
some of my friends had convinced 
my associate and I that their casino, 
which was 20 minutes off the strip, 
was the only place to be. It was a 
great idea, seeing as Stacey was the 
greatest waitress in Vegas history 
and I remember the sun coming up 
before I stopped playing craps. 
Anyway, Stacey was bringing us 
drinks at a record pace. At one point 

See COACH, Page 19 

~ .,."" " , ~ r::::." .. ~ 1)00 ~'1"~ ... --" . " 'J . - , .. ", ; . ." ., Sk ... ~1 I'll ,0 to Ek"'O'~ 
t/...t ~lS.0t'J .. , 

W/...t" 1'"", SlX;" 
For now, I'll snorkel 1200 miles of coral reef. Hike a Tasmania'n trail. 
Or, maybe I'll hang in a Melbourne pub with some cruisy Aussies. 

Then again, I could balloon over the Red Centre. Australia is the land 
of the free; free to do whatever I choose. Aussie Escape Packages 

in~luding air, coach pass and extras start as low as $995 *. 

SUN GOD ISSUE 
THURS. MAY 13TH 

Univer~ity- of c£>an Die8Q 
• Experienced Faculty 
• Lecture Courses 
• In-Class Practice Exams 
• Free Refresher Course 

up to One Year 
Test Preparation Courses 
Serra Hall 316, Alcala Park 
San Diego, CA 
92110 

Thursday, April 29, 1999 The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 23 

Menlo Gets Blasted 
WOW: UCSD outscores Menlo College 45-14 in three games 
By BrIM Welles 
Staff Writer 

There is only one thing we can figure out 
about the UCSD baseball team. The Tritons 
either lose by only one run or they win by an 
awful lot. The team reinforced this theo-
ry in its last three games versus 
Menlo College. 

The team will take its potent 
offense and penchant for nail-
biters into the Triton Classic here 
in La Jolla this w·eekend. 

In the first game of a doubleheader 
last Saturday in Atherton. John Gherini was 
once again on the losing end in a 4-3 loss, despite 
another outstanding pitching effort . In the second 
game, however, the Tritons more than compen-
sated for the 'tough loss in game one with a 25-8 
slaughter over Menlo. 

In the nightcap, UCSD jumped all over 
Oak starter Ulises Gutierrez and a host of 
Menlo pitchers to the tune of 25 runs on 30 
hits. Waymon Howze and Ryan Hill com-
bined for II hits and 10 RBI's as the Tritons 
broke the game wide open with a 13-run sixth 
inning. UCSD's John Beaven played the first 
five innings for the win. 

The next day at Menlo, UCSD pounced 
the Oaks once again 17-2 to improve their 
record to 18- 15. 

"I think we were pressing in the first game 
with John Gherini 's situation," Head Coach 
Dan O' Brien said. "But we just came out 
swinging and went after them a little more in 
the second game." 

After scoring 4 runs total in game one at 
Menlo. it was time for the Tritons to come out 
and show up with the kind of offensive 
prowess they've been demonstrating all sea-
son. Cruising 11 -1 heading into the top of the 
sixth. UCSD had their biggest inning of the 
year. The Tritons began the inning with Chad 
Addison who would have had a third trip to 
the plate if Brian Terrell hadn't pinch hit for 
him. UCSD sent 18 men to the plate and hung 
a whopping " 13" in the run column before 
they were done destroying the ERA of Oak 
pitcher lP. Albert. UCSD hit the reliever up 
for 8 runs in only a third of an inning. Before 

Albert 's pitiful performance, Jaime Alarcon 
went three and two-thirds and allowed 9 runs 
on 10 hits. Howze had the biggest game in the 
Triton massacre with a 5 for 7 performance, 
with 5 runs scored and 6 RBI's. In addition to 

UCSD's terrific hilling, Menlo College 
upped the final score along the way 

by committing an amazi ng 7 
errors. 

On Sunday. the Tritons woke 
up and decided to cat the same 

batch of Wheaties or whatever gave 
their hitting extra zip the day before. 

The result wasn't as catastrophic for Menlo 
but it was still bad - a 17-2 whipping by 
UCSD. The Tritons started the game out with 
another four-run inning to open things up 
when Kennith FluhaJ1y led off with a triple 
and Hill singled him home. Two batters later, 
Addison singled Hill home. then Reichline 
walked, Eric Schramm doubled two runs 
home and UCSD led 4-0. The Tritons com-
plemented great hitting with fine pitching by 
Eddie Ishak who went five innings and gave 
up only one run. Four more UCSD pitchers 
finished up the job and gave up only I run a~ 
each pitched for as many innings. 

Next up for UCSO is the annual Triton 
Classic. Game one will be against the infamous 
Menlo College arid the team is confident that 
Lhey c;an beaL them after last weekend 's whip-
pings. Then the Tritons get Cal Lutheran in the 
second game on Saturday who they've had 
some close one-run battles with this year -
most notably, the game in which UCSD was 
no-hit in a 1-0 loss at the hands of the 
Kingsmen. The third game on Sunday will be 
against Chapman who has beaten UCSD 3-2 
twice Lhis season. The Tritons will surely be 
out to seek revenge in these games. The winner 
of game three will move on to the champi-
onship game. 

"It's a fun weekend at our own ballpark 
and with a tournament at our own field ." 
O' Brien said. "But at the same time, we ' re 
going to play to win. We have some solid 
seniors on the team, and hopefully they can 
all help us out and at the same time finish up 
their careers on a high note." 

UCSD Makes Big Waves 
CREW-SING: Tritons beat Division I opponents at Miller Cup 
8y Jake Gordon back to win, an amazing feat ' in such an 
Sports Editor exhausting sport as crew. 

In all athletic endeavors, the best you can It 's a good thing UCSD won the Varsi ty 
hope for is to continually get better. As the old Eight final, because they had beL their day on 
cliche goes: "practice makes perfect." The it. The Tritons actually qualified in the Varsi ty 
UCSD women's crew team has been ' Four, but the races were only 30 minutes 
working hard all year. As Division apart so they opted to withdraw in 
III athletes, UCSD's row- order to better their 
ers are not very big, but chances in the Eight. This 
they make up for it in skill, is harder to do than it 
technique and a whole lot of deter- sounds because UCSD was a 
mination. Last Saturday, UCSD strong favorite in the Four. 
battled with the best of Division I in "It 's hard when you can almost feelLhe 
the Miller Cup and they came out victorious. medal around your neck and you give that up 

The meet was held in at Marina Del Rey for the rest the team" Vallerga said. "If we had-
and the Varsity Eight was the focus for the n' t won, it might have been a bad decision." 
team. In their first heaL. the team was paired Another team that made waves in Marina 
up with San Diego State, the cross-town Del Rey was the Lightweight Four, comprised 
Division I powerhouse. The Tritons were of girls 130 pounds or below. The strong tide 
down half a boat length in the middle of the and harsh winds were no easier for these 
race, but battled back to win by a slim 15 feet , smaller 'girls, but they improved the most at 
less than one quarter of the boat. In the final , the Miller. Last month in the City 
UCSD again found themselves in a war with Championships, the Lightweight Four fin-
SDSU. The team fought against the tide and ished a distant third to SDSU and University 
the wind bravely but still found themselves of San Diego. In a more recent meet, the team 
back by a three quarters of a boat length with beat USD, but SDSU did not participate. Now 
only 900 meters to go in the 2000 meter race. at the Miller, it was again an all-San Diego 

"I didn't think we could close that big of a final. Drastically improving, UCSD finished a 
gap" Vallerga said. "but the girls kept charg- close second Lo USD. The Lightweight Four 
ing and charging. Sometimes you use lots of established themselves as a contender. 
energy catching up and you can't hold on." Next up for women's crew is the West 

Not this time. The Tritons edged the Coast Championships in late May. Currently, 
AZLecs by only 3/10ths of a second to take the Tritons are ranked 4th in Division HI 

1\\( \llIll""l,,QllI 

Tritons Sweep Fielel at Collegale Golf Classic 
Trivia question for the day: If you put approximately 90 ~niversity types (from San Diego State, Univ. of 

San Diego and UCSD) on an ancient golf course in the middle of the city on a sunny Fndayafternoon ... 
, what do you get? A head start on a "Let's Play Hookey" Convention! Well. .. ~aybe . . 

But on this particular Friday what you got was a rather large broomstlck ... wlth a deCidedly 
delicious shade of blue-and-gold to it. The event was the very first Domino's Collegiate 
Golf Classic (between the three high-profile universities in town). The format was simple. 
Four-man scramble teams representing every walk of university tife (undergrads, grads, al-
ums, faculty, staff, and friends of the u). . 

The results were surprisingly one-sided with UCSD hackers completely sweeping all·comers off the 
venerable Balboa Municipat Golf links. Toumament champions Isaac Veninbergs, Leigh Hsu, Blake Albong, 
and Dave Moore threw a nasty 63 at the field and even though many challenged for the top spot...none 
were good enough. Three other UCSD squads carded 65s and another came in at 66 to give the Tritons a 
Hhru,5 finish. 

All of this gave San Diego State and USD teams a chance to wonder whether UCSD had a golf major 
mixed in with all of that math and science stuff. After all the good·natured kidding had subSided ... an 
endless stnng of toumament prizes were handed out to participants ... and everyo.ne wal.ked away ~th 
smile s on their faces. Particularty, the mighty Triton squads who mixed plenty of smirk In With their smiles. 
Yes, a satisfying day it was at old Balboa. 

Boo.er I s Dirty Thirly(llllramural Softball Rallkillgs, 3" Week) 
Team 
MEN'S AM 
1 Siphulus (3·0) 
2 Knights (2-0) 
3 DSP (2-0) 
4 Longhorns (1·0) 
5 Coffee Ground Emesis (2-1) 
MEN'SAA 
1 Pigbodies (3-0) 
2 Fat Stix (3·0) 
3 Chico's Ball Bonds (2-0) 
4 Eat's Hit & Slide II (t-O) 
5 Free Radicals (2·1) 
MEN'S A 
1 Boot 'n Sandbag (3,0) 
2 Vulvaicious (3-0) 
3 Dial 911 (2-0) 
.. Inaccessible Cardinals (3,0) 
5 Odins04is (2,0) 
coeDM 
1 Hooters (3-0) 
2 Infamous Big Pimpln' (2-0) 
3 Clip My Longhorns (2-0) 
.. Old Farts (1·1 ) 
5 Donks (1-1) 
CoeD A 
1 Tidal Waves (3-0) 
2 Storm Troopers (3-0) 
3 Hot Summer Nights (2-0) 
.. The Rock (3-0) 
5 Uncorrelated Errors (3·0) 
WOMEN'SAA 
, Monchichis (3-0) 
2 Cowlicks (1-1) 
:J Socca Girls (1-1) 
4 Complication (0-1) 
5 Work It, Girls (0-2) 

Comment 

Blasted Rockies 22-1, will be tough to beat 
Hard to see them winning it all 
Waiting In the wings if anyone stumbles 
Looking for competitlon ... maybe this Thu. 
Getting II dulle, klnda, sorta. 

'aM\t:IQ111 
Busted three more touchdowns In 21-13 romp 
Know how to play the game .. . surviving each week 
Solid club but league competition is suspect 
Got on the board with a W, but still not there yel 
Tougher team than we thought, could make a mark 

Still on top, but not for long 
Gutted ouf a tough one last week 13·11, may not hold up 
TIme to step it up against No. 1 this Sunday at noon 
This group is flying high on Mondays, ready to move up 
Steady vets still putting it together 

Making strong first impressions 
Talking way too much trash for this time of year 
Behind-the-scenes freaks about ready to come out 
Making a brief stop in these ratings ... see ya' next year 
Win a game ... get ranked ... get smacked in next one 

No Tsunami just yet, but plenty of punch 
Another big win, keeps this club on track for success 
No stopping this freight train without dynamite 
Tee it up with Biohazards for league champ. On Mon . 
Been in these parts before ... but couldn't hold up 

Eked out 11,te-eighter over 'licks 
Played ·chi,chis" as tough as you can play 'em 
No gauge on this team yet...but could be a sleeper 
Need a game in the worst way 
Losing interest, so soon? 

8 th Annual SunGod Sports Festival 
Saturday, May 15th 

Here it comesl 
Are you ready? Is anyone really ready? 
If you haven't been working out and training for this one, you'd better get started. Although, it might be 

too late. It takes a serious athlete to put up a top performance under the toughest of circumstances. The 
Sungod will test UCSD's best. 

This event is more like the Ironman. Not just because you will be frying in the San Diego sun playing 
your favorite sports all day. No, no, the real challenge is just surviving. No doubt many of you will be 
spending most of Friday night giving yourself a chemical lobotomy before passing out somewhere. 

Pulling it together for a Saturday moming assignment in the low post or left wing or goalie box has 
brought many to their knees over the pest 7 years. There has even been an award for the first brave warrior 
who fertitizes the ivy next to the basketball courts first. 

The '99 Sungod will once again be anchored by the outdoor 5-on-5 basketball tournament which 
features hoops lowered enough that even UCSD's most glOund bound bailers can feel like Daryl Dawkins 
performing another Chocolate Thunder Jam. There will be men's open and intermediate as well as women's 
divisions so everyone can find a place to play. The Slam Dunk contest sponsored by PUMA will showcase 
the most creative dunkers on campus with the winner taking home a new pair of shoes. 

. A new offering this year, Coed Tube,Polo, helps round out the biggest ~ lineup of events ever for this 8 year old celebration of fun , sun and sports. It won't take tong to know that Tube-Polo is on board. You can't miss the screaming and yelling echoing around the Natatorium. In the Reo Gym, Coed Roor Hockey participents will no doubt be debeting the future of the NHL now that the Great One has hung 'em up. 7-on,7 Soccer wi" once again be staged out on Muir Field and feature the small field, high scoring format that makes everyone a threat from almost anywhere on the field. All of the sports will feature poot ptay followed by a single elimination 
tournament. That guarantees everyone 2 or 3 games minimum and a chanca to play 6 or 7 games if you 
keep winning. Don't worry , after staggering in from Friday night, there will be plenty of action for everyone. 
There will be music, giveaways, prizes and refreshments for players and fans alike. And, the price tag is 
only $30 per team. 

Sign,ups begin on Tuesday at the tM office on the 4~ floor of RIMAC. Plenty of teams were turned away 
last year and no doubt plenty more wilt be left on the outside again this year. To make sure you aren't one 
of those, get in early and get signed up. If you need more info, stop by or give us a call at 534,3716 .• Oh, 
and start getting ready now. Don't underestimate that Saturday moming feeting. You don't want to take 
home the Miracle Grow award. first place in spectacular fashion . It was , t~e •. be~i,~ .I~aci~~ Lutheran, Willamette and UC 

'· thirdrace in a -mw -the Tritons ·had battled· ~YJs. ' ., -". - L,. •• ' . -••••• ' • .• ' . -. ' • • _______ '. ' • .• '. '. '..,; .• '..,;';,,;'. '..,; . ..,; •• ';,,;';,,;'..,;·..,;'. '. '. ·. ·. 'G. ;'. Pt,;c.. ·.· ·.by.~.'.·.Ba.' .rt.. •. , ... 



. \ 
24 SPORTS 

The 
Coach 
Travis Hili 

"To.'" 
"""_ ...... ,. 
...,.,.. .. 
,.",..,...." .... 

..... ..",.,. ... yow....., 
---... ,... .. 

- GuardliffJ sports 

, 

The UCSD Guardian Thu~y,April29, 1999 

OUBLE OUBLE 
Fear and Loathing 
With a Drunken Gut 

Brace yourse lves loyal 

The UCSD men's rugby team won its second consecutive National 
Championship, defeating Chico State 21-18 in the fmal m~tch 

Coach-ite. the gut has ju t 
returned from the greatest place 
ever: Vegas, baby. Vegas! 

It seerned like an innocent 
enough proposition. A group of 
graduates from UCSD's illustri -
ous women 's soccer program 
were going to play in a high-
profile club soccer tournament. 
My friend and I were invited to 
come watch. Hey, we figured, 
we were just helping out some 
good friends. 

Three days, two nights on 
the floor and hundred of drinks 
and dollars later, the gut is still 
spinning. 

My trip to Vegas more 
re embled a movie than reality. 
It wasn' t a mafia as Casino, but 
let 's just say we knew some peo-
ple in Vegas. Let 's just say that 
we were exempt from all line 
and cover charges in one of the 
strip' hottest clubs. Then we 
were led to the y.1.P. section (oh 
yeah. not that I want (0 name 
drop, but Andre Agassi was in 
the same section), wit h naked 
strippers dancing everywhere 
and drinks flowing like the $300 
champagne bottles they were 
spi lled from were worth $3. It 's 
all true man, I'm not kidding. 

Ok, so the gi rls had soccer to 
play during the day on Saturday, 
but we were not planning on 
attending: We had big plans, baby. 

We got to the Race & Sports 
Book at around noon, and pro-
ceeded to find an entirely new 
way to enjoy sports. Picture 
this: 15-20 enormous screens, 
each with their own game from 
around the country. In between 
the screens on this humongous 
wall is lists of odd on every 
imaginable game and horse race 
of the day. Oh yeah, there is also 
a scantily-clad waitress who is 
con tantly bringi ng you free 
drinks. Why? 

Because we found out how to 
bet. See, in Vegas, if you are bet-
ting at a blackjack table, the wai t-
ress wi ll serve you free drinks 
there. But as most of us starving 
students know, we last about 11 -
14 minutes on a table, which 
mean about one and a half 
drinks. Which basically mean 
that your liver is laughing at you 
as it easily processes everything. 

However, if you put $5 on a 
baseball game, you can sit there 
and watch for 3 and a half hour 
and get 7-10 dri nks. Now your 
li ver is crouching behind your 
kidneys, praying to God that 
you wi ll stop punishing it. 

MUltiply that theory by play-
off NHL hockey games and 
you've got one drunk-ass 
Coach! 

Needless to say, my associate 
See COACH, Page 22 

" ... " ' 

By Travis Hili 
Associate Sports Editor 

Tritons, meet your newe t 
dynasty: the UCS D rugby team. 

Excuse me, that's the two-time 
at ional Champion UCSD rugby 

team to you. 
When Chico State missed a last-

ditch effort to tie the National 
Championship game last weekend 
in Ci nci nnati, UCSD earned its sec-
ond consecutive USA Rugby 
Division II Collegiate National 
Championship banner. 

UCSD won in a thriller, 21- 18, 
capping off a spectacular weekend 
and completing its dream season. It 
was a season that started rather 
slowly for UCSD, as things did not 
click early. However, UCSD 

. regrouped in the final month of the 
sea on and began to play dominant 
rugby again. It regained the nation's 
No. I ranking and took off for 
Cincinnati feeling confident. 

UCSD was ready to defend its 
title · as the eight -team National 
Championship tournament began. 
They entered the event as the 
Southern California RFU (Rugby 
Football Union) Co-Champion and 
the No. I ranked team in the nation. 
They proved why they were the 
nation 's best in their first two 
matches, crushing the South 

RFU champion Auburn, 39-3, and 
Northeast RFU champion, Colby 
College (Minn.), 20-3. 

The victories earned UCSD a 
place in the National Championship. 
The final pitted No. I in the nation 
aga inst No. 2. It was a battle of two 
squads that employed a wide-open 
style. Both teams came onto the 
field and furiously tried to gain the 
advantage. Andy 'Worm ' Wilga 
converted an early penalty kick and 
UCSD' took a 3-0 lead. That began a 
see-saw of points where Chico State 
scored a try to make it 7-6. Then 
Wilga got another penalty and 
UCSD closed the gap to 7-6. Then 
Chico State took over. 

See RUGBY, Page 19 

Tritons Get At-Large Berth In Nationals 
BIG SPLASH: UCSD will be one of 15 teams competing for the National Championship in Davis 
By Sarah Hollne 
Staff Writer 

Break out the champagne. They 
made it, but they ' re not just happy 
to be included. They want to kick 
some ass. The UCSD women's 
water polo team is going for it all at 
the 1999 Women 's Collegiate I 
Water Polo National 
Championships. Despite the low 
placing in last weekend's tourna-
ment, the women's water polo team 
received an at-large berth into the 
tournament this week. The Tritons 
will travel to UC Davis May 7 
through May 9 to compete against 
15 of the be t teams in the nation. 

The top five seeds at the tourna-
ment are USC, Stanford, Cal, 
UCLA and Hawaii . UCSD is seed-
ed 12th, but the Tritons are primed 
for an upset. 

To get anywhere at Nationals, 
the Tritons must get past University 
of, Hawaii. , UCSD played Jhe 

Rainbows at the start of the season 
in Honolulu and lost to them twice. 
The Tritons want payback. 

Head Coach Denny Harper is 
confident that UCSD can dominate 
this time around against the 
Rainbows. 

"We have improved so much 
more than they have," Harper said. 
'"The gap between the two of us has 
really closed." 

Jenny Irwin and Sandra Lopez 
will be back in action. They missed 
the first games against Hawaii 
because of time contlicts they had 
with the swim team. They will be 
much-needed additions to the 
Tritons, with Irwin guarding hole 
set and Lopez adding depth to an 
already strong team. 

"We have a really good chance 
of upsetting some teams at this 
tournament," junior Megan Wallis 
said. "We're all ready to play our 

See POLO, Page 19 
, Usa Huffl GwrrIMI 

w.t.r: Senior Jenny' lewln .wUI be gunning for tlalWliii ' Itt'Nationals', 


