
Elsewhere 
Students Abuse 
System For a.neflt 
GAINESVILLE, Fla. - A a 
result of a four-month audit , 
several student employees 
who work in the University 
of Florida Student Traffic 
Court 's payment and appeals 
system have been accused of 
using the system to benefit 
themselves and their friends. 
The report stated that the 
court was deficient in its 
supervision of the student . 
employees, and that these stu-
dents showed a "complete 
disrespect for the process" 
because they accessed their 
own ticket records. Some stu-
dent employees also were 
ticketed more alier being 
hired. University Dean of 
Students Julia Sina said she 
and other UF officials would 
meet with the students on 
April 13 to discuss the report. 
-Independent Florida Alligator 

Students Stonn 
Dean's OffIce 
NEW YORK, N.Y. - A 
group of New York 
University students stormed 
the office of NYU law school 
Dean John Sexton on Monday 
to protest what the students 
say is the poor ethnic repre-
sentation of tenured and 
tenure-track faculty positions 
in the School of Law. 
Protesters said the rally, 
which was organized b} the 
Coalition for Legal Recruiting 
(CoLR), was intended to 
highlight their assertion that 
NYU Law School's clinical 
law program ha no Asian 
American or Hispanic faculty. 
However, Sexton disagreed 
with their allegation and said 
he would like to have a town 
hall meeting with CoLR next 
week to cliscuss its concerns. 

- Washingtoll Square News 

Former Student .s 
Captured Soldier 
COLLEGE STATION, Texas 
- A former Texas A&M stu-
dent is one of the three 
American soldiers captured 
last Wednesday near the 
Yugoslavia-Macedonia border. 
He now is being held by 
Serbian forces. U.S. Army 
Spec. Steven Gonzales, who 
was a mechanical engineering 
major, attended A&M in 1995-
96 on an academic scholar-
ship. A spokesperson with the 
criminal justice department 
said that Gonzales planned to 
come back to A&M after serv-
ing his two-year re-enlistment. 

- The Battalioll 

Spoken ••• 
HI think cornering 
someone in an elevator 
and threatening to 
remove their 1V show is 
definitely harassment. " 

- Shaheen ~I 
Roosevelt Sophomore 

See story at right 

Internet: www.ucsd.edu/guardisn 
E-mail: guardis~sd.edu 

Get Into 'The Matrix' On Credit Spike! ~ 
Keanu Reeves and Laurence Fishburne star Students often faLL into Triton men s volleyball a en in the cyberpunk sci-fi action blockbuster, credit card debt due to Lost.a tough game to D:: 
which dominated the box office last weekend misleading ads USC last Tuesday, 3-/ ;::) 

Hiatus, page 10 Opinion, page 4 Sports, page 20 :z: 
.... 

, H E U C 5 D 

UC SAN DIEGO THURSDAY, APRIL 8,1999 VOLUME 97, ISSUE 4 

MAKING IT COUNT 

Lisa Huff/Guardian 
Poll: Roosevelt sophomore Greg Sato (right) and Roosevelt sophomore Zachary Scott choose next year's A.S. Council members. 

Students First! Candidate Disqualified 
ElEC1IONS: Revelle senior senate candidate Justin Boggs allegedly 
harassed an SRTV "RealPolitiks" host in an Argo Hall elevator last week 
By Vincent Gragnanl 
Senior Staff Writer 

Although it has not yet been confirmed by the 
A.S. Elections Committee, Revelle Senior 
Senate Candidate Justin Boggs confirmed that he 
has been disqualified from the A.S. elections by 
the A.S. Elections Committee yesterday evening. 
A.S. Vice President Finance Pat Ru, who is the 
Students First! presidential candidate, said that 
Students First! is appealing the decision. 

The A.S. Elections .Committee held a hearing 
Tuesday night regarding a complaint filed by 
Roosevelt Sophomores Brian Wikner, who is an 
employee of the Guardian, Brad Root and 
Shaheen Haji . Wikner is an employee of The 
Guardian. 

On the evening of March 30, Boggs and two 
other Students First! candidates came into Root 
and Wikner's suite and asked them to remove a 
sign in their window stating "Don' t Vote." Ru 
later apologized in a letter to Root and Wikner 
for the "obnoxious behavior" of his slate mem-
bers. 

The complaint stated that on the afternoon of 

March 31, Boggs told Haji as she boarded the 
Argo Hall elevator that her SRTV show, 
"ReaIPolitiks" was being canceled. Haji said that 
Boggs finished the conversation saying, "You 
better watch out." 

Boggs declined to comment on his disqualifi-
cation from the election. 

"It has not been released yet publicly," Boggs 
said. "It has been released to me privately." 

Wikner, who also could not comment on the 
committee's decision, said that although the 
complaint named four Students First! members, 
it was mainly targeted at Boggs. 

"We put 'removal from the ballot ' in our com-
plaint," Wikner said. "That was principally tar-
geted at Justin because he was the one who made 
the threat." 

Root said while he al 0 could not comment on 
the results of the hearing, he, Wikner and Haji 
filed the complaint because they felt that Boggs 
harassed Haji. 

" It totally is harassment ," Root said. 
"Threatening to take away something very 

See HIAIIING, Page 3 

Lecturer 
Spoke About 
Irish Unrest 
POUTICS: British Consulate 
representative Mackay discussed 
Ireland's past and current state 
By RaJlnder Sekhon 
Guardian Reporter 

Angus Mackay, a representative from the 
British Consulate in Los Angeles, spoke 
Monday evening at the meeting of the 
International Affairs Group. A group of 20 
to 30 people allended to listen to Mackay 's 
lecture on the political crisis in Northern 
Ireland. 

Mackay began his lecture with a back-
ground of Ireland to show how history has 
affected the current situation in that region. 

This visit was Mackay 's third to UCSD 
this year. Mackay graduated from 
Cambridge University with honors and 
came to the United Stales in 1973. 

See LECtURE, Page 9 



2 NEWS 

UCSD EVENTS 
Thursda 
Food: Free Rice Krispy Treat Giveaway 

Staff will be giving away free samples of rice krispy treats and students 
can enter a drawing for a sports utility vehicle giveaway at 9 lI.m. on 
Library Walk. For more information. call 534-0501. 

Films: Righteous Babes and Brimful of Asia . 
Pratibha Parmar, a British- Indian film maker, will show her movies at 

4 p.m. in the Vi sual Arts Performance Space at the University Center. For 
more information, ca ll 534,46 18. 

Price Center Movie Series: Prince of Egypt 
Watch this animated movie at 7 p.m. and 10 p.m. in Price Center 

Theater. Admission for students i $2. For more information. call 534-
3362. 

Theater: The Interview 
This play, a moving and humorous study of a mind undersiege. will b41 

shown at 8 p.m. in-Mandell Weiss Forum. The show repeats on April 9 and 
10 at 8 p.m. and April II at 7 p.m. Admission for students at $6. For more 
information, ca ll 534-4574. • 

Musical: The Mystery of Edwin Drood 
Enjoy this play ba ed on a Charles Dickens novel at 8 p.m. in 

Mandeville Auditorium. The show continues through April 10 at 3 p.m. 
and 8 p.m. The Muir College version, presented in a hilariously broad the-
atrical style, wi ll let the audience in determining the end of the play about 
the disappearance of a wealthy, popular young man. Admission for stu-
dents is $6. For more information, call 534-3587. 

Sunday 
Music: Glen Whitehead Trumpet Recital 

DMA student Glen Whitehead plays a mixed program of improvisa-
tions and notated works at 8 p.m. in the Mandeville Center Recital Hall 
Mandeville Center. Admission for students is $3. For more information, 
call 534-3229. 

Roma Nights: Tritones . 
Enjoy this vocal music group at 8 p.m. in Espresso Roma. For more 

information, call 503-0863. 

GUAilDIAN 
WALT DICKINSON 

Editor in Chief 
JUUA KULLA-MADER .. MEGAN SMITH 

Managing Editors 
TABITHA GRANSHAW .. LAURA KNIGHTEN 

Copy Editors 
LEENA SHANKAR .. ERIKA SNIDER 

News Editors 
JESSICA SCHEPPMANN 

Features Editor 
MARC COMER 
Opinion Editor 

JAKE GORDON .. JOtfN MAYNARD 
Sports Editors 

TRAVIS HILL 
Associate Sports Editor 

UNDSAY SWOASIII 
Hiatus Editor 

DAVID l££ 
Associate Hiatus Editor 

DAYEWIITZ 
Phota Editor 
USA HUFF 

Associate Photo Editor 
JOtfN BARBER 

Graphics Editor 
NICK RUNCO 
Design Editor 

IRIAN WIllNER 
Web Editor 

EDITORIAl. ASSISTANTS Jesse Fi5hef. Ward Han. Noloo Mostafl. Scott Shibata 
S£N_ STAff' WMTDIS 

John Salller. Jeff Barker. SIll Surger. Genevoeve Co'. Theodo<e Ookko. Vincent Gragnani. Mary 
Higgins, laura Knighten. Dave LubUz. Annam Manth4ram. Nlklu MoSlafi. Jenny ~son. 

Simone SantIni. Mark Smith. Tommy VU. Scott Yager 
STAff' WRITElIS 

Jenna Barclay. Shaman Castle. Srent Don. Bertrand Fan. llari Friedman. Srooke Garrettson. 
Jenniler Grady. Jeremy Gray. Sula Kom. """" Mynck. Chnstine Pangan. Jacob Schechter. Eve Senuty 

ILWSTRATORS 
Mike Belle. Kristine Chang. Austin Hsla. Alice Un. Joe Pan. Joseptllne Roberts, Nicholas Runco 

DESIGNERS Karen Tran. Thomas Weng 
COPY READERS Alison NorriS, Kevin Syrne 

WEB DESIGNERS Sam payne-tonglell. Mark StIckel 
COMrIITER SUPI'OIIf DaVId Glicksman 

MIKE MARTINEZ 
Advertising Art Director 

ANN BARmELD 
Business Manager 

BROCK HALTER 
Adul!Ttising Manager 

YVETTE ALCALA 
Atsistanl Business Manager 

ADY£RTlSlNG ASSISTANT Melody Gonzales 
CIRCUlATION ASIISTAIIT$ 

Jason Allen. Phillip Goldman. Ethan ll!'J)'. Jacob Meyberg. Srady Phelps. Na'e SmIth 
ADVERTISING DESIGN. LAYOUT John Sarber. Ca.ey SUI,enhoy •• Joe Pan 

The UCSD Guard/an IS published Mondays and Thursdays durong the academiC year by and lor 
the students of UCSO. Reproduction of thiS newspaper in MY form. whether in whole or In 
part . WIthout permISSIon Is stroclly prohibited. C 1999. all roghts reserved. The UCSD GUBrdian 
1$ not responSible for the return of unsolICited mWluscnpts or art. The ViewS expressed herein 
do not necessarily rePfesent the op,mons of The UCSO GuardIan, the UniverSity of Cahfomia or 
the AsSOCIated Students. The UCSD GUBrd/an IS lunded solely by advertISIng. 
You can take our Guardians. but you'" never take our freedom! F R E E 0 0 M I 

News/Features: 534·5226. General Editorial: 534-6581 
Opinion/Sports: 534-6582. Hiatus: 534-6583 
Advertising Olfoce: 534-3466. Fax: 534-7691 

e-maIl : guardlanfNcsd.edu 
Guard/an Online: hltp:// www.ucsd.edu/guardian/ 

UCSD Guardian, 9500 Gilman Drive 0316, 
La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 

Actual location: Second Aoor, UCSD Student Center Building 'A' . Rm. 217 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, April 8, 1999 

ETCETERA ••• 
OF a FearHeR BY JOHN BaRBeR 

BRIEFLY ••• 

Marshall College to Hold Celebration 
All are invited to join Thurgood Marshall College 

and the ASUCSD at the free street fair to be held at 
Marshall College campus from 11 a.m. to 5 p.m. on 
Saturday, April 10. The cultural celebration will show-
case musical and dance performances from around 
the world and feature ethnic foods and craft artisans, 
an art gallery, a poetry venue, llama rides, Games of 
the World and a children's area with arts and crafts. 

Parking is free. For more information, call 534-
4390. 

UCSD ProfeSlOt' Wins EIII. 
Medal of Honor 

Classics and Theater Professor Marianne 
McDonald will be awarded the 1999 Ellis Medal of 
Honor at an award ceremony on May 8 in the Great 
Hall on Ellis Island in the New York Harbor. 

Fellow reCipients of the Ellis Medal of Honor 
include Hillary Clinton, Senator John Glenn, Toys R Us 
CEO Robert Nakasone, Wayne Newton, MGM GraM 
President Alejandro Yemenidjian and Chief Justice of 
the Supreme Court William Rehnquist. These candi-
dates were chosen by the National Ethnic Coalition of 
Organizations (NECO). 

McDonald's ethnic background is Irish, with some 
Scottish, Welsh, English and Cherokee. The focus of 
her work is Irish and Greek literature, and she is a 
member of the Royal Irish Academy. 

The award was established in 1986 by NECO to 
pay tribute to outstanding members of the ancestry 
groups that comprise America 's unique culture moSu 
ic. To date, 1,000 ethnic American citizens and native 
Americans have received the medals. 

She is the founder of a project to computerize 

ADDENDUM ••• 

Greek and Irish literature McDonald has also authored 
many books including Euripides In Cinema: The Heart 
Made Visible and Sing Sorrow: Ancient Classics in 
Modem Opera. She has received an honorary doctor-
ate of letters from the American College of Greece, 
the Archeological Association of Athens, the University 
of Athens, University of Thessaloniki and the 
University of Dublin. 

McDonald has also established the McDonald 
Center at Scripps Memorial Hospital in La Jolla, which 
is a center for the treatment of drug and alcohol abuse. 
She has also established the chair for Japanese 
Studies at UCSD and is the International President for 
Women's Intemational Center in San Diego. 

Odl ... 'emple Dance of India to 
be Performed On AprIl 1. 

The Odissi Temple Dance of India featuring the 
Patnaik sisters of San Diego will be performed at 8 
p.m. on April 16 in Mandeville Auditorium. Indian 
dancer Aruna Mohany will accompany the Patnaik sis-
ters in performing the Odissi dance as will Indian 
musicians. 

The three sisters Laboni, 20, Shibani, 17, and 
Shalini, 16, have performed for Ravi . Shankar and 
George Harrison and have received several awards. 
They also danced in Odissi style as Madonna sang 
Shanti/ Ashangi to open the 1998 MTV Awards 
Ceremony. Laboni is a jU(lior at UCSD. The sisters 
have been training in classical Indian dance since they 
were five. 

Tickets are $15 for general admission, $12 for fac-
ulty, staff and senior citizens, and $10 for students. 
For more information, call 534-8497. 

• In two editorials ("A.S . Council Demonstrates Concern for Student Needs," March 4 and " Triton 
Athletics Thrive, Await Move to Division II," March II ) the Guardian wrote that A .S. Council "creat-
ed" Triton Tide. In fact, Triton Tide was originally the UCSD Spirit Club, an official student organiza-
tion started last year by four students. Near the end of fall quarter, Rob Gordon was appointed A .S. 
director of ath letic relations and became the UCSD Spirit Club's leader. The organization was then 
renamed Triton Tide. 

Thur day, April 8, 1999 

HEARING: Ru 
said he will appeal the 
decision to remove Boggs 
Continued from PII'- 1 
important to u if we didn't do 
something for them is haras ment 
.in my book." 

Ru ·said that he will appeal Ihe 
decision because the definition of 
harassment from the UC Student 
Conduct Code was not properly 
applied by the committee. 

"Because the trial was based on 
'he said. she said' and the charge 
was harassment, the elections com-
mittee must abide by the detinition 
stated in the UC Code of Conduct 
and that definition is very strin-
gent." Ru said. "However. we 
believe Ihe elections committee did 
not fully follow the strict guide-
lines. Thus we are asking the A.S. 
Judicial Board for a second opinion. 

" [The UC Code of Conduct] 
defines harassment to be a verbal or 
physical threat to one's welfare," Ru 
continued. "However, the issue at 
hand did not deal with any verbal or 
physical threats to anyone's wel-
fare." 

Root said that the definition of 
harassment goes beyond physical 
harm. 

"I don' l think it has to have to 
do with physical harm," Root said. 

"Had they had the 
student conduct 
cod. and had they 
followed It, this 
wouldn't be an 
luue. How can they 
make a decision If 
they didn't haYelt In 
front of them?" 

- Pat Ru 
A.S. President Candidate 

"Threatening to u e their power to 
cancel a show is harassmenl." 

Ru added that the c.:ommittee 
members did refer to the conduct 
code during the hearing. 

"The elections commiuee didn't 
follow the Student Conduct Code," 
Ru said. "They didn't even have a 
copy of il. Had they had the student 
conduct code and had they followed 
it, this wouldn ' t be an issue. How 
can they make a decision if they 
didn ' t have it in front of them?" 

Ru also said that the committee 
should prove that ' something 
specifica lly harmful was said 
before charging a student with 
harassmenl. 

"The ruling was based on the 
fact that regardless of what was 
said, the student, [Haji]. felt 
uncomfortable with the conducl." 

The UCSD Guardian 

Haji aid that their complaint 
establishes a pattern of Student 
Firsl ! members approaching them 
and that the incident on the after-
noon of the 31 st was a clear c~se of 
harassmenl. 

"I thi'nk cornering someone in 
an elevator and Ihreatening to 
remove their TV show is definitely 
hara sment," Haji aid. "The 
words, 'You better watch out,' also 
strike me as haras menl. 

Haji said that although she 
could not comment on t.he commit-
tee's decision, . he said that the 
hearing itself went well. 

"We told them what happened . 
to me, they had a chance to defend 
them 'elves and then it was up to 
the committee," Haji said. 

Haji also said that she hopes the 
hearing will have a lasting impact 
on the elections process. 

" Whether we win or lose is not 
the poinl ," Haj i said. "The fact that 
it went that far is a les on because I 
think it will discourage any other 
candidate from acting this way in 
the future." 

Haji said that during the hear-
ing, Boggs denied that he ever told 
Haji to " watch OUI." 
, " After he rea li zed he over-
stepped his bounds, he tried to 
backtrack and say he didn' t say it," 
Haji said. " He did say it and he 
knows that as well as I do." 

EWS 3 

,-:affiC S~hOOI To ~~~ 
ON THE INTERNET 

72% 
of UCSD students 
are NOT high risk * 

drinkers 
. s or lIIore drinks lor lIIen, 4 or lIIore 

.inks lor WOlllen, in one sitting 
1998 Core Survey UCSD 

http:// orph.UI . uGS~ . '~u/utp/ ch .. ,. 
http://IVI"tl . uCl~ . '~u 

.. sucsa ELEC .... II .. MS 
YOUR VOICE IS INIPORTANT 

I.Jast Chance to Vote ... Don't Miss Out! 
10:00 am - 4:00pm 

Price Center Library Walk Revelle Plaza 
AP&M Walkway Peterson Hall 

Center Hall Library Walk 
School of Medicine @ Club Med 

* Present Your Ballot Stub at any Price Center Restaurant 
and receive a FREE Smal~ Fountain Drink Aasodated StudtDtJ UC SID Diego 



4 OPINION 

ENDORSEMENTS 
Due to an Ntfonal ~ror. tMM ~rs ~e omlffed mwn MondIlj 'S ISSue. 

Editorial Board 
w.n DIck .... , Editor in Chief 

1liiie KIll ........ , Managing Editor 
.............. Managing Editor 
__ c:-. Opinion Editor 
a.- ........ , News Editor 
............ News Editor 

, ........ 11 ...... Copy Editor 
...,. ........ Copy Editor 

".... ........ A.S. Beat Reporter 
The UCSD Gulldl'" t5 published twICe a week " the UnNerSlty of Calrforntl. San o.eco. COntents 
01999. VIeWS elpressed heretn represent the m.,nty vote of the edltonal boiWd. iWld are not 

necessanly those of the UC Board of Recems. the ASUCSD. nor the enure Gudl'" staff. 

Commissioner Student Advocacy 
jOELAKE 

The office of the student advocate serves as a lifesaver for 
students who find themselves in trouble over alcohol viola-
tions, academic dishonesty or computing policies. As such, it 
is vital that the student head of this office be an experienced 
and thoughtful leader that will work diligently to protect the 
rights of students. 

Both candidates for the office of commissioner of student 
advocacy are very qualified for the position. Rosaline Chan 
of Students First! i.s well researched in the duties of the stu-
dent advocate and university disciplinary procedures. Chan 
says her top goals would be bringing the office's services to 
more students, making better use of the advocates ' downtime 
and increasing knowledge about university sexual harass-
ment policy. Chan also advocates advertising her office 
through previously unused resources, such resident advisors 
and shuttle stops. 

Both Chan and Joe Lake said that student advocates 
should address both Resident Security Officer (RSO) proce-
dures and punishments for alcohol violations. Though Chan 
has previous AS. Council experience, is very knowledgeable 
about UCSD and has been employed in a law oftice, she has 
never worked within the Office of the Student Advocate. As 
such, the Guardian believes that independent candidate Lake 
is the 'more qualified person for the position. 

Lake has a year of experience in the oftice of student advo-
cacy. which gives him the edge over Chan. His top three pri-
orities would be the presentation of "Know Your Rights" sem-
inars at each of the five colleges. increasing awareness of the 
office of the student advocate through the A.S. marketing 
department and correcting potential violations of students 
under current parking procedures. Lake says he would dis-
tribUle a students-rights handbook at freshman orientation and 
organize a retreat for student advocates at the beginning of the 
year so that they are not entirely "Ieaming on the job." He also 
advocates bringing expUlsion hearings before student judicial 
boards. so studenls themselves are part of the procedure. 

Lake has strong ideas on how to increase student awareness, 
knowledge of the oftice's inner-workings and a year of practi-
cal experience that will help him to immediately get down to 
the business of protccting students' rights. The Guardiall 
endorses Joe Lake for AS. commissioner of student advocacy. 

Commissioner Programming 
SCOIT MANTELL 

With the realization by AS. Council members that UCSD 
stu~ents value quality over quantity, campus programming 
has improved dramatically over the past few years. These 
improvements peaked this year with a number of successful 
events, including the Winterfest and Sugar Ray concerts, a 
RIMAC all-nighter and a lecture by Maya Angelou. To con-
tinue thi s positive trend and meet the needs of UCSD's 
expanding student body. it is imperative the position of A.S. 
commissioner of programming is fulfilled by an experienced, 
hard-working individual, who is committed to bringing 
diverse, quality programming to UCSD. 

Students First! candidate Scott Mantell is an excellent 
choice for the commissioner of programming position. 
Mantell, who worked this year as the A.S. assistant program-
mer and sat on the A.S. festivals committee, has extensive 
experience in both A.S. Council and programming. 

The Guardian endorses Mantell' emphasis on continuing 
great "events," not necessarily concerts, at UCSD. With an 
increasingly diverse student body, UCSD needs a variety of 
programming that hath entertains and involves all segments of 
the student body. For this reason, large, frcc concerts, which 
Mantell promises to organize quarterly, are just as important as 
lectures and athletic tournaments. Mantell 's intention and 
experience of working with other campus groups - such as 
the Cross-Cultural Center and the Women's Center- will cer-
tainly help him to produce di verse entertainment for students. 

The Guardian supports Mantell 's suggestion of bringing 
more paid shows to RIMAe. Students this year have proven 
that they are willing to pay a small amount for quality pro-
grammi ng. Doing this would increase UCSD visibi lity in 
Southern California, as well as help bring more "big-name" 
bands, singers and other acts to UCSD. 

Scott Mantell has already begun laying the groundwork for 
next year's A.S. Council-sponsored programs. He has the expe-
rience and the ideas to serve UCSD well. The Guardian endors-
es Scott Mantell for the A.S. commissioner of programming. 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, April 8, 1999 

PINION 

Austin Hsla/ Guamian 

CREDIT CARDS DISILLUSION 
STUDENTS, CREATE DEBT 

COMMENTARY: 
Easy access to credit 
cards causes frightening 
debts among students 
By Jennifer DeButts 
Contributing Opinion Writer 

April brings two assurances: Rain 
and taxes. While there ~till isn't much 
we can do about the weather, paying 
taxes has never been easier. The IRS 
now accepts most major credit cards. 
Unfortunately, this newest develop-
ment reveals a frightening trend 
toward increasingly great.er depen-
dence on what we call "plastic." Ours 
is truly · the "Charge It" generation. 
Despite the fact that the average stu-
dent debt is almost $19,000, seven out 
of 10 college students willingly take 
on the risk of more debt by using cred-
it cards. 

Television is awash with credit 
card advertisements. First there was 
the silver credit card. Then came the 
gold, platinum and titanium cards. 
"What's next?" one of my friends 
recently lamented. "Sign up for tlie 
all new plutonium Mastercard!" 
Indeed, there has been a recent prolif-
eration of credit cards, each promis-
ing higher limits and greater thrills. 
Not only can we buy the modest 
entertainment system, but now even a 
trip to Thailand to go bird watching is 
within our reach. The ads have gone 
from merely unrealistic to downright 
ludicrous. 

Credit card marketing is even ubiq-
uitous here at UCSD. On any given 
day there is at least one stand in the 
Price Center or on Library Walk pro-
moting free T-shirt , key chains and 
balloons to anyone brave enough to 
sign hi s or her name on the dotted line. 
Fluorescent posters tempt us and 
glossy application" somehow find 
their way into shopping bags at the 
bookstore. Like Visa, these advertise-

The Immedlat. 
consequenc •• of d.bt 
Includ. hl .... r drop-
out rat •• a •• tudent. 
are forced to quit 
school and take on a 
full-tIme job to meet 
the monthly balanc •• 
Other students must 
move back In with 
their family. Debt I. 
also anoelated with 
harmful psychological 
effect •• 
ments are everywhere we want to be. 
Nationwide, credit-card companies 
were responsible for 3.2 billion card 
solicitations in 1998. 

Why would companies target col-
lege students, a seeming liability? 
The answer, in part, is because busi-
ness surveys indicate that young peo-
ple are loyal to their first credit card, 
and they are a receptive market. 
However, students should be wary 
before falling prey to clever market-
ing. The Chicago Tribune recently 
reported that while a student loan of 
$20,000 is usually paid back in less 

than 10 years, a $2,500 credit card 
debt could take up to three times as 
l,Dng to repay using the standard 18 
percent interest rate, if the student 
only pays the minimum payment. 

The fundamental problem with 
credit cards for college students is 
that it gives students who have a poor 
understanding of personal finances 
the illusion that they can spend 
beyond their means. Charles Ingalls' 
famous pioneer virtue, "cash on the 
barrel," has been replaced with a sys-
tem whereby companies trick our 
youthful naivete into believing that 
we can buy now and afford to pay 
later. 

That is not to say. that most students 
are financially irresponsible. Quite the 
contrary. But for the 150,000 people 
under age 25 expected to declare per-
sonal bankruptcy this year, a false 
impression about credit cards is often a 
start down the dangerous road to insur-
mountable debt. According to Harvard 
law professor Elizabeth Warren in a 
recent USA Today article, 'That means 
for 150,000 young people, their first 
significant financial event as an adu'lt 
will be t~ declare themselves a fail-
ure." 

The immediate consequences of 
debt include higher drop-out rates as 
students are forced to quit school and 
take on a full-time job to meet the 
monthly balance. Other students must 
move back in with their family. Debt is 
also associated with harmful psycho-
logical effects. A 1996 survey at the 
University of Minnesota found that 
two-thirds of students who said they 
were taking medication for depression 
had more than $1,000 in credit card 
debt. 

Moreover, student debt default is a 
great burden on society. Almost one 
in three bankruptcies are due to over-
spending, which leads to higher inter-
est rates for all con umers. A 

See CIIIDIT, Page 8 

Thu~y, April8, 1999 The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

Kosovo STRAINS U·.S. MILITARY CAPABILITIES 
Editor: 

With regard to Theodore 
Dokko's article on the Kosovo con-
flict ("U.S. Unwisely Meddles with 
Conflict in the Balkans." April I ), 
there are several questions that have 
not been answered. ATO forces , 
using American military equipment 
and manpower, are aHacking 
Yugoslavia due to the "numerous 
atrocities" committed by the Serbs. 
We were told by the Clinton admin-
istration that we are bombing this 
sovereign country to end those 
atrocities. We have seen, however, 
that our bombing has actually 
increased their occurrence by 
orders of magnitude, while neigh-
boring countries have consequently 
become flooded with refugees. 

We were also told that the bomb-
ing would be directed only at 
Serbian military targets. Hospitals 
and kindergartens have been 
destroyed by our forces and energy 
has been cut oft· so that millions are 
freezing in the cold weather there, 
not to mention those killed by our 
bombs. Even Hitler, the last to bomb 
the Yugoslav city of Belgrade, 
stopped his oombing after two days 
to allow for the burial of the dead. 

If the killing of 20,000 
Kosovars is warrant for an unceas-
ing altack by U.S . forces, then why 
did President Clinton do nothing 
about the I million murdered in 
Sudan, despite strong encourage-
ment for action by his cabinel'! 

Certain members of Congress 
and the Senate who, in years past, 
protested against the Vietnam war, 
have fought against the arming of 

freedom fighters in Afghanistan 
and Nicaragua as well as the mod-
ernization of our military force 
wi th equipment such as the B- 1 and 
B-2 bombers, are now the ones 
wanting to arm the questionably 
intended Kosovo Liberation Army. 

It is most amazing to watch the 
supposedly anti-war Congress 
members such as John Conyers and 
Maxine Waters and Senators such 
as our own Dianne Feinstein and 
Barbara Boxer thirsting for Serb 
blood. having pushed for the use of 
our military to do it. They expect 
this to be done using equipment that 
they had worked in previous years 
to prevent the existence of, even 
though virtually none of them have 
military experience to speak from. 

For example, many programs to 
replace aging military aircraft with 
newer. safer and more reliable ones, 
such as theA-12 and P-5, were suc-
cessfully killed in late-term develop-
ment by those representatives. Other 
programs such as the B-1 and B-2 
came belated, diminished and crip-
pled as a result of those representa-
tives' efforts to terminate them. 

Our soldier~, fighting in an ille· 
gitimate war with orders from pre-
vious anti-war activists, must trust 
their lives to the aging and outdat-
ed ReaganlBush-era equipment 
they still have and an unempathetic 
and unqualified leadership that sits 
comfortably at home. With so 
much of our leadership detached 
from our nation's defense, the secu-
rity of our home comes more into 
question with every passing day. 

If anyone in the Clinton adminis-

TWICE NIGHTLY 
4pm-6pm & lOpm-12mldnight 

$225 Pints 
DIscounted Appetizers 
S~n Days a Week 
Live Jazz and Blues 

Thursdays 8:00pm 
Saturdays 9:00pm ~ 

Order a FIRE CHIEF ALE 
thr.ouQh April 11th and support 

the UCSD Bum Center 

-== 

Life's Better at The Bottom 
8980 Villa La Jolla Drive 

LA JOlLA [619J450-92TI 

Letters t~g Editor 
The Guardian welcomes letters from 
its readers. All letters must be no 
longer than three pages, typed, dou-
ble-spaced ~nd signed. Letters must 
also contain a phone number. We 
reserve the right to edit for length 
and clarity. Letters may be dropped 
off at the Guardian office on the 
second floor of the Student Center. 
Send all letters to: 

The UCSD Guardian 
Opinion Editor 

9500 Gilman Dr. 0316 
La )oila, CA 92093-0316 

Fax: (619) 534·7691 
e-mail: guardian@ucsd.edu 

tration had experience in our armed 
forces, they would know that waging 
war only creates humanitarian crises 
and worsens pre-existing ones. They 
should not be making enemie for 
the United States by randomly 
bombing small nations and making 
us look stupid to the world. 

Alan Jacobsen 
San Diego, CA 

A.S.P. Hold. Untold 
Student Advantag •• 
Editor: 

This is a response to Joe 
Leventhal's leiter urging students 

to vote NO on the Academic 
Success Program (A.S.P.) referen-
dum ("Admi nistrators Absolved of 
Exploi tation." March 29) and the 
Gllardian's non-e ndorsement of 
A.S .P. ("Referendum," Apri l 5). 

To preface, we feel it is quite 
ironic that Leventhal promotes 
himself to be a neutral A.S. presi-
dent when, in his leiter, he unilater-
ally advocates against A.S.P. As a 
president , we feel he needs to 
maintain his election promises of 
neutrality. As for the Guardiall , we 
are seriously disappointed that we 
were not given the opportunity to 
be interviewed, as with the other 
candidates. Thus, we feel the 
Guardian was biased since both 
sides were not fairly represented. 

In his letter, Leventhal misrep-
resented some important points. 
After speaking to former A.S. offi-
cers ana administrators about the 
constitution, we verified that the 
purpose uf the constitutional lock-
in fee is to fund student organiza-
tions from the activity fee with A.S. 
Council and administration over-
sight. Contrary to his leiter, this 
oversight will only allow A.S. 
Council to use the funds for A.S.P., 
not any othC1' organization. 
Additionally, Leventhal fail s to 
mention that in the past year and a 
half we have been in constant 
working relations with O.AS.I.S., 
Student Financial Services and the 
Student Center. In terms of stu-
dents, we have worked with vari -
ous student organizations, the A.S. 
Council and the University Center 
Advisory Board (UCAB). 

Lastly, we are offended at the 
narrow definition Leventhal has of 
student "activit ies" as being solely 
non-academic . The purpose or 
A.S.P. is to give student s the 
agency and empowerment or 
proactively creating academic pro-
grams that can transcend and also 
help the social life at UCSD. By 
being student run and initiated, 
A.S.P. can provide unique pro-
grams with a student perspecti ve. 
along with others at UCSD, to help 
students academically succeed. 
Also, A.S.P. programs are open to 
all students at UCSD. If you have 
any questions or concerns, please 
feel free to e-mail us at 
asp@ucsd.edu. Thank you. 

Academic Success Program 
Principal Members 

Chris Murphy 
Irene Tabilin 
Alex T. Tom 

Jenee Darden 
Michelle Castellanos 

UCAB Encourag •• 
Student Approval 
Editor: 

On behalf of the University 
Centers Advisory Board, we would 
like to clarify some of the points 
that were made by the Guardian 
Editorial Board in its review of the 
proposed fee referendum in 
Monday's edition of the Guardian 
(April 5). While we respect the 
Guardian's right to disagree, we 
feel that you may not have fully 

See LETTERS, Page 7 

Spend less on the 
cost of one-uprnanship. 

Attention all you competition-obsessed Type 
A personalities: PowerBook® G3s are now 

priced to fly (see below). Whichever 
configuration you choose (233,266 or 300 

MHz), you'll enjoy staggering improvements 
in your work efficiency. So you can outperfonn 
your friends, relatives and colleagues. While 
thoroughly delighting in their collective envy. 

$1,799 
PowerBook G3 233MHz 

14.1" TFf (Active Matrix) Screen (4Mb Video RAM), 
32Mb RAM, 2Gb Hard Drive, 20X CD-ROM, 

56K Modem, 10Base-T Ethernet 

Authorized 
Vatue Added Resetler 

UCSD Bookstore 
Computer Center 

(619) 534-4291 
., 1999 Applt Compu,er. hI( . All 'i.~h'5 mlrtlf"d. Applt. Ihr Applt' I~ tllld P",,",Sook nrr ~I ttml '",drJnarks of Awl,. Coml",'rr. '"(. 



6 OPINION The UCSD Guardian 
Thursday, April 8, 1999 

JEANS PREVENT RAPE POLICY LOOKS GOOD 

~_ /.ill/(,\lblc(' . --•. '-. j . GATIIY -I. RAZIL 
Depending on the statisti~s one refers to, 

which can range from probable to somewhat 
unbelievahle. anywhere from five to 25 per-
cent of all women will ex perience some 

wriggle out of their jeans. Therefore, if it's 
that hard for the women to peel thei r own 
pants, then it must be just ahout impossible 
for a rapist to do so. Thus, any encounter 
that takes place between a man and a 
woman wearing jeans must be fully con-
sensual. Using thi line of reasoning, the 
judges overturned 'the case's rape convic-
tion hecause the victim in question had 
been weari ng jeans at the ti me of the 

It;:~ . Stup 71)"I! - BERTRAND AN 
The Universi ty of Cali fomi a is once again 

considering changi ng its admissions policies, 
and there is one part icular policy that has not 
been given due in terest or support : No, it's 

students who are not in relationships. 
Whether or not these studies consisted of a 
double-blind experiment involving three 
people with little or no corre lation to reality 
is a different story altogether. 

I think we would see a signi ficant increase 
in motivation across campus. Classes. study 
sessions, discussions and labs would all be in 
perfec t attendance. Students would have a 
reason to get up for an 8 a.m. lecture. Think 

of the effect it would form of sexual 
as ault during thcir 
lifetimes. Chan(;cs -OPINION-

attack . 
Perhaps, like me, 

you assumed that the 
judges had temporar-
i Iy gone out of their 

not the 4 percent plan, 
which would admit 
the top 4 percent of 
Californ ia seniors 
into the UC system, 
but the 3 percent plan. 

-OPINION-
COLUMN 

have on high school 
seniors visiting. A 
senior might be con-
sidering going to a are someone you know has been or 

will be sexually 
COLUMN 

harassed, groped or even raped. 
This is a frighteni ng thought. the sort of 

information that makes me want to grab my 
little sister, hide in our housc and avoid all 
contact with males forever. It ·s hard enough 
to meet guys nowadays - it's cven worse 
when you have to. judge whether he's gen-
ui nely nice or merely covering up his psy-
chot ic tendencies. 

But wait , hold everything! There is new 
hope on the horizon for all of the women 
who fear for their physical safety. 0 longer 
will we have to avoid walking by ourselves 
at night or attend se lf-defense cl asses to 
ward off wou ld-be attackers. Throwaway 
that pepper spray, forget about calling the 
CSOs and fee l free to wander alone through 
the dimly- lit parking lots at 3 a.m. from this 
dayon. 

Why the newfound carefree attitude? All 
of this is due to the ru ling of an appeals 
court in Italy. which determined that it is 
absolu te ly impossible fo r a woman to be 
raped if she is weari ng jeans. That's right , 
ladies. According to the Cou rt of 
Cassiaton 's ru ling thi past February, you 
are positively rape proof as long as you 
make sure to don a pair of denims. 

The appeals courl came to this jaw-
dropping conclusion because. a(;l;ordi ng to 
t!Jem , womcn find " terribly difficult to 

minds. This sort of 
reasoning could only be regarded as a sort 
of cosmic burp among their other reason-
able decisions, rig lit? Wrong - the Court 
of Cassiaton also overtu rned a sexual 
harassment suit a couple years ago because 
they decided that the woman should have 
been pleased by the "attention" she had 
been receiving. They alst> excused the 
man 's more abu'Si~e behavior by explai ning 
that his ego was hu rt by her reje(, tion. He 
was practicall y forced into treating her 
had ly. So let's review what the court has 
to ld us: if women wear jeans, they' ll be safe 
from any attacks from the, ahem. admiring 
men they've rejected. Beaut iful theory, isn't 
it'! 

It 's rather disheartening to know that 
even in' th is day and age, women are still 
blamed for any attack they experience. You 
shouldn 't have worn that ski rt , you should-
n' t have Ili rted with that one guy, you 
shouldn't have bru ised hi pride .... Many 
sti II lind it di fficult to get past the idea that 
sexual assaults are somehow prompted by 
the women themselves. 

Until the world at large realizes that the 
blame rests on disturbed attackers and not 
the victims, I guess all women should just 
start wearing jeans. 

Send comments and Lellers to the Editor 
{() guardian @ucsd.edu 

"1 learned that c~~;e 
. not easy, but 1 
IS " possible. 

When San jay Garla left college, he doubted whether his classroom 
lessons related to the real world. But joining AmeriCorps helped him make 

The 3 percent plan, developed after much 
careful thought, count Ie surveys and hours 
of debate, guarantees that the top 3 percent 
of the most att ractive students from each 
high school admission to the Uni versity of 
Cali fomi a (with no di crimination against 
race). The intent of th is plan is to create a 
better learning environment as well as a 
higher quality of education. 

Some opponents to this plan claim that 
there are already enough attractive people in 
the UC system. But common sense tells us 
there are never enough altracti ve people in 
any environment , from school to the work-
place. When was the last time you heard 
someone say, 'There just aren't enough unat-
tracti ve people in my classes. I hope the next 
freshman class is full of unattractive people." 

Others claim that we will be accepting 
less-quali fied, attracti ve people over unat-
tracti ve people. This is actually quite true. 
However, confront an average student with 
two photographs and say, "This person 
scored 1000 on the SAT, has a 3.4 GPA and 
is in the top I percent of altractive people at 
thei r high school. On the other hand, this 
person scored a 1600 SAT score, has a 4.5 
GPA and is in the top 84 percent of attractive 
people at their high schooL" Which do you 
think the student is going to choose"? The 
choice is easy. 

The idea that accepting larger numbers of 
attractive people would be detrimental to the 
quality of education is unfounded. In fact, 
studies have shown that students in relation-
shi ps are more likely to score higher than 

the connection he had been lacking. By the end of the year, he had launched a public 
education drive to help community residents get the health care they needed. 

"AmeriCorps challenged me and helped me grow," Sanjay says. "After that 
year, I returned to school with new skills and a better sense of direction. " 

Apply NOW for positions starting this summer. 
See us at the Spring Job Fair, April 15th, 10:30am - 2:30pm 
on the Library Walk. 

Interested? Contact Monica Guge l, your AmeriCorps Representative 
at 619/524-1280 or mgugel@cns.gov. 

mer. orps: re you up 0 e c a enge. 

THE SUN GOD ISSUE. MAY 13TH IN THE GUARDIAN. 

comparable school on 
the East Coast, but a mere tour around the 
campus would instantly change hi s or her 

. mind. And the fomlally di sengaged high 
school students wi ll now have a very good 
reason to strive for a UC school: The unal-
tered-since-the-dawn-of-time stri ve for the 
opposite sex. 

The biggest opposit ion for this comes 
from unattractive people, who claim that thi 
policy discriminates against unattracti ve peo-
ple. But doesn' t everything discriminate 
against unattractive people? In general, does-
n' t life itself discriminate against unattractive 
people? What they need to see is that we' re 
preparing them for the future, a reality where 
life isn't fair. If you've been beaten to a 
bloody pulp by the ugly stick, you've just got 
to learn to deal with it. Don't ask us to reverse 
quotas toward unattracti ve people. The last 
thing a college needs is more unattractive 
people. Unless you've developed a cure for 
cancer or can instigate world peace (in which 
case by all means put that on your college 
admissions), you probably don' t have a 
chance in hell against your really attracti ve 
counterpart . The most common response by 
unattracti ve students to this is, "Screw the 
really attracti ve counterpart!" 

Don't just sit back and let the University 
of California choose people solely based on 
their academic achievement and special tal-
ents. Write a letter to your local congressman 
and demand that we don't just want smart 
people, we want good-looking smart people. 

Send COlllmelllS and Lellers to the Editor 
to guardian@ucsd.edu 

design by hand? oh, yeah, right. 
if you knovv Quark XPress, we'll pay. 
Guardian Design - 534-6581 

,'. 

Thursday. AprilS, 1999 

LEIIERS: 
Expansion benefits 
students and centers 

There is a definite plan for what 
will be included within the expan-
sion. These spaces include: a 24-
hour . tudy lounge wi th computer 
access; additional meeting rooms for 
tudent organizations; additional 

of'lice space for st udent organiza-
tions; a hlack box theater that will be 
student run and operated; additional 
food service seating at both centers; 
and the expansion of the Co-ops 
including Groundworks Books. 

These spaces, shown on a fact 
sheet available through the 
University Centers, have been pre-
sented to many student groups and 
organizations, including the 
Guardian. University Centers 
Advisory Board members have vis-
ited many student organizations in 
an attempt to educate voters on what 
they would be voting for or against. 

Although the board cannot hire 
a project architect until after the fee 
is passed, campus architects have 
been consulted about the project. 
The board fe lt that it would be an 
inappropriate expenditure of stu-
dent monies to pay thousands of 
dollars for concept sketches and/or 
schematic de ign that might never 
be used. 

We would ask that you do not 
get caught up on what the expan-
sion will look like but rather focus 
on the facilities that we know for 
sure wi ll be in it. If the referendum 
is approved, we will invi te all inter-
ested parties to give input into the 
archi tcctura l design process . . 

Regarding the fcc im:rease of $25 
per quarter, and when the increase 
wi ll cease to be co llected, the answer 
is that this increa~e wi II continue lor 
27 years, at which point the debt ser-
vice will be paid oil on the new 
expansion. The decision, post-debt 
service. to continue collection of this 
Ice wi II he reviewed hy students; 
however, the fee will most likely 
continue to be collected to fund 
needed renovation, maintenance, 
operational costs and, most impor-
tantly, to address inflation costs. 

In Monday's review of the refer-
endum the Guardian Editorial Staff 
lauded the foresight of the 
University Centers Advisor Board 
in our work toward this fee increase. 
We would ask that in the light of the 
clarifications we have presented 
here that you show some foresight 
of your own and vote 'yes' on the 
referendum so that we can begin 
building for. the future of UCSD. 

Cheryl Kilcbeski 
UCAB Representative 

Brian Cross 
UCAB Chair 

CalPIRG Protests at 
Arco Were Justified 
Editor: 

Edward Ell iot's pompous, angry 
letter regarding CalPlRG's gas sta-
tion protest is as misguided as he 
thinks CalPlRG is ("CaIPIRG Eflort . 
at Protest Wastes Ti me." March II ). 

Firstly, why he writes to the 
Guardian editor over his CalPIRG 
membership I have no idea. 

Secondly, Elli ot states that 
Areo's drilling of Alaska's North 
Slope inflicts "as little harm to the 
environment as it reasonably can," 
but he chooses to support this con-
tentious, subjective statement wi th 
the simple fact that his dad once 

See urnu, Page 8 

The UCSD Guardian 

CmwrAVERDE 
Coom · 

OPINION 1 

F ASIDON VALLEY 
CENTER 

8650 GENESU AVE. Su. 220 NEAl SAU fiFTH AVENUE 
(619,452·7374 (619,295·0537 

UISI'OSAHL[ CONTACT L[NS(S 

100 PAIRS PLus EXAM $229 ~:MPLETE 

to Blue, Green, Hazel 

OLORED 
CONTACTS 

FreshLook Colors with purchase of 2 boxes 
of dear FreshLook disposables. 

EXTENDED WEAR DISPOSABLE LENSES 

$99** $129** 
2 PAIRS B&L FW COMPLETE 
.. Attlpecial, includ. len,es, exam, eyecare kit and follow up vi,it . 

A, tigmatic len,., higher. Not valid with any ather aIIer. 
Ofle" expire 6/30/99. 

u .. _~_/~ ___ ,,_ .. 
I !J ",_, ·,_a, ."",~ 

Medical division of THE PRINCETON REVIEW 

nroll before 
April 15th, 
and receive 



8 OPINION 

LEnERS: 
Oil companies 
mislead consumers 
Continued from ..... 7 
worked for that company I 

He suggests that it's perfectly 
acceptable for oil drilling to tar-
nish the once pri stine area, but this 
attitude simply isn't good enough. 
Companies with powerful market-
ing departments are well versed in 
giving totally one-sided points of 
view. If a company really wants to 
nai l its environmental impact it 
(;Quid, by digging into its profit s, 
but that's where most appear to 
draw the line. 

So, what can we do to lessen 
oui' insatiable appetite for oi l'! 
Elliot apparently chooses to lash 
out at CalPIRG, accusing it of 
double standards. But is he aware 
of CalPIRG's Green UCSD focus 
group that, along with the wider 
Green UCSD movement and the 
Environmental Coalition student 
group, has an on-going campaign 
that addresses environmentally 
related issues as varied as the pos-
sibility of switching the campus to 
renewahle energy, the support of 
UCSD's annual Bike to Work 
week and the promotion of 
UCSO's Reduce, Reuse, Recycle 
program'! Has he recently stopped 
by the campus Rideshare oftice to 
find out about the carpool, van 
pool , bus sticker, pedal cluh, 
coaster and shuttle services'! 

Does he know of the A.S. 's 
executive committee on parking, 
charged by A.S. President Joe 
Leventhal with addressing the 
parking crunch that is caused by 
too many sole-occupant vehicles 

being driven to campus during 
term time? Every one of these has 
a bearing on oil usage. 

In today's society it 's virtually 
impossible for any of us to avoid 
everyday use of oil in one form or 
another, but we can reduce our 
individual needs by getting out of 
cars whenever it is practical and by 
being conscious against excessive 
electricity demands. And we can 
encourage others to do the same. 
We don't have to revert to the stone 
age, hut we should each question 
our hahits. Is Elliot doing all that he 
can in this respect, is he encourag-
ing his roommates and friends to do 
likewise'! If so, then great. If not , 
then it is his letter that smacks of 
"hypocritical shortsightedncss." 

Andrew Goodwillie 
Scripps Institution or 

Oceanography 

Shapiro Lawsuit I. 
Far from Hasty 
Editor: 

You should just check your 
facts aga in with Nick Aguilar for 
your story on the free speech law-
suit ("Lawsuit Pending," March 
29). Aguilar is full of bologna 
when he described the Shapiro 
kid 's lawsuit as being "hasty." He 
said that the university had only 
three days to respond to the suit. 

This IS utter nonsense. 
Assuming that the lawsuit was 
brought in federal court, under 
Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 
12(a), unless a specific statute 
states otherwise, a defendant in a 
lawsuit has at least 20 days to 
respond to a complaint after being 
served a summons. It is also false 

The UCSD Guardian 

for him to claim that the universi-
ty would usually have 30-60 days 
to respond to a complaint. At the 
plaintiff's option, a plaintiff can 
ask the defendant to waive the 
requirement of service of process. 
If the defendant does waive ser-
vice of process, he has 60 days to 
respond to the complaint (Federal 
Rule of Civil Procedure 4(d». 

However, the plaintiff has no 
obligation to allow the defendant 
to waive service of process. The 
plaintiff can serve a summons and 
the university must respond within 
20 days. Even if the lawsuit was 
filed in state court, I would think it 
impossible that the university 
would be required to respond 
within three business days. 

The university undoubtedly 
had more than three days to 
respond to the lawsuit. This fact is 
obviously wrong. I think Nick 
Aguilar is just blowing smoke to 
make the lawsuit look litigious 
and to discredit Shapiro. 

Nate Pietila 
Law student 

University or Virginia 

AmerIcan Int ..... 
at Risk In Ko_yo 
Editor; 

President Bill Clinton has 
authorized the U.S. military to 
engage in air strikes against a 
country with which we are not at 
war, to end a centuries-old ethnic 
connict that does not threaten the 
United States, in a part of Europe 
in which we have no national self-
interest. Why'? Why are American 
soldiers being sent off to die in this 
Balkan wasteland? 

While you may join the idle 
rich after graduation, it's nice 

to get a taste of it now. 

" 

Bill Clinton has answered: "It's 
a moral imperative." The presi-
dent's "moral imperative" is moti-
vated entirely by the desire to sac-
rifice American soldiers as global 
policemen. The essence of his pol-
icy is, "We have a duty to prevent 
any more atrocities from occurring 
precisely because we don't have a 
national interest in Kosovo." 

Yet, a foreign policy that aban-
dons our self-interest is doomed to 
fail and can ooly result in tlagedy. 
Already one U.S. plane has gone 
down and despite hundreds of sor-
ties by U.S. and British fighters, 
Siobodan Milosevic has increased 
his assaults on ethnic Albanians. 
Milosevic knows he has nothing to 
fear from us. When our legitimate 
interests have been at stake, such as 
with Iraq and Osama bin Laden, 
America has demonstrated that it is 
only a paper tiger. Given America's 
past failures to defend its interests 
and the inherent sacrifices of the 
current action, the bombing of 
Serbia is doomed to fail. 

What is the solution? We must 
reject the sacrifice of American 
lives and declare that the United 
States exists for its own sake. We 
must return to the idea that our mil-
itary exists to protect America -
not Kosovar autonomy, oppressed 
Albanians, Kurdish rebels, or 
starving Somalians. We must 
immediately withdraw from this 
contlict, announce that our military 
will be used when only U.S. inter-
ests are at risk and uphold this pol-
icy consistently. This is the only 
way to regain our credibility, pro-
tect America and prevent such 
deadly mistakes in the future. 

Don Tbom ... n 
Boston College Law School 

Thursday, April 8, 1999 

CREDIT: 
Debt may preclude 
future purchases 
ca.tlR.ed,.... ..... 4 
September 1998 study by the U.S. 
Public Interest Research Group 
(U.S. PlRG) concluded that by 
offering credit aggressively to col-
lege students who cannot afford to 
payoff their debts until they join 
the work force, our society runs 
the risk of saddling people early in 
life with debt that will later pre-
clude more important uses of cred-
it such as the purchase of a home 
or car. 

In light of the tremendous 
harms of credit cards, there are 
things thal can be done to promote 
financial responsibility. USA Today 
recently reported that 166 colleges 
prohibit credit card marketers from 
setting up tables on campus, up 
from only 45 colleges in 1994. 
UCSD would be wise to follow 
Northwestern, Notre Dame and all 
the Ivy League schools in banning 
credit card marketers. 

Another approach is to provide 
financial seminars to incoming . 
freshman. This could be easily 
incorporated into freshman orienta-
tion programs. On a national level, 
the U.S. Senate is now considering 
a bankruptcy reform bill that would 
tighten the restrictions on credit 
cards and force greater truth in 
advertising. Proposals such as 
these are a step in the right direc-
tion to showing students that there 
are somethings money can't buy 
and for everything else, there is 
responsibility. 

Send comments and Leiters 10 
the Editor to guardian@ucsd.edu 

Save time and money-· 
buy your books at www.v.sitybooks.com 
• Save up to 40% 

on new textbooks. 
• Comprehensive list 

of your professors' 
required books. 

• No more waiting in line. 
• Easy. secure. encrypted 

transactions. 
• 3O-day returns. 

Money-back guarantee. 

GJ Vani~books.com U YOUR COU£9E BOOKSTORE 
.. . .... ... .... .. .. ........ .. ... .. ... .. ............ . .. ... .. 

Thursday, AprilS, 1999 

LECTURE: ' 
Mackay said the issue is 
about national identity 
ContIn.ed frOM ..... 1 

He said he has made several 
visits to Ireland and ha extensi ve 
knowledge of the events of the 
peace process between the Irish 
Republic, Britain and political 
parties in Northern Ireland. 

Among the points Mackay dis-
cussed was the Good Friday 
Agreement signed one year ago by 
Northern Ireland, the Republic of 
Ireland and Britain, after 30 years 
of connict between Catholics and 
Protestants. Mackay said that the 
principle of the agreement was that 
there would be no change of status 
of the people living in Northern 
Ireland without their consent. 

The agreement also calls for 
both sides to surrender their 
weapons within two years of the 
agreement date. Mackay aid the 
decommissioning of illegal 
weapons, or destruction of the 
weapons, becomes an is ue of 
confidence and trust in abiding to 
the agreement since terrorist 
groups still have their weapons. 

Mackay said he believes the 
decommissioning of weapons is 
necessary for the peace process in 
northern Ireland. 

"The hope is to make some 
compromise which will allow 
them to get rid of some weapons, 
which will allow the executive 
board to form ," he said. 

Mackay said the Irish Republic 
Army (IRA), is against the 
decommissioning of weapons. 

In Northern Ireland , the 

M1b8 IRA probably 
did st.rt a lot of 
the violence 
In"lall, but I think 
from then on, " 
kind of doesn't 
matter who started 
It from the 
standpoint that 
violence Is violence 
and people are 
getting killed." 

- Heather Vickery 
UCSD senior 

minority are the Roman 
C holics, while in the Jrish 
Republic, the minority are the 
Protestants. Mackay refers to 
thi s present situation as a double 
minority, and calls it a fragile 
si tuation. As a result, Mackay 
sa id that both the Protestants and 
the Roman Catholics feel that 
thei r national identities are at 
ri sk . 

Mackay said that the connict 
does not solely pertain to the reli-
gious differences between 
Protestants and Roman Catholics 
of Ireland, but it rather has to do 
with the national identity of the 
people of both sides. 

"Religious issues are at the 
margins (of the connict)," he said. 
"The fundamental, underlying 
issue is an issue of identity, sover-
eignty, who are we, which country 
do we belong to, what is our her-
itage, what is our identity? If 
somebody puts your sense of 

rm;lllilM 
London $37.8 Madrid $389 
Paris $420 Milan $428 

$489 Rome $428 
$488 Athens $718 

Amsterdam $388 Istanbul • $848 
Must purchase by Apr. 13 for travel thru Apr. 30. 

Maximum stay 30 days. Fares from SAN and/or lAX 

.... ---------------------------'--.... ~ CIEE: Coondl on International Educational Exchange 
~~:~~~~.or. (819) 452-0830 

An impressive, street-smart film 
about a Ndemobbed- soldier who 
becomes a 1I0nlliand hit-man In 
post-Soviet St. Petersburll- a city 
startlnll to loolc /lice urban America. 

THE SHOE 
UIVIIIaUY .,. 

tnIIItaa amrus. tl5P11 
A comedy set In the Cold War era 
about the attempts of securltf, 
police to find the Nsp-les N who Ie t 
their footprints In the sand an a 
beach In the Soviet Union. 

The UCSD Guardian 

identity at risk, that becomes the 
issue," Mackay said. 

Anthony King, the coordinator 
of this event, said that Mackay 
was an informative and excellent 
speaker. 

"I thought he was great," he 
said. "I think he explains things 
in a way that really makes it 
very under tandable for people 
who don ' t understand the con-
nict. " 

Heather Vickery, a UCSD 
senior, attended Mackay's discus-
sion of the peace process 10 
Northern Ireland. After traveling 
to Northern Ireland and obtaining 
a first -hand experience of the situ-
ation there, Vickery said she was 
intere ted in coming to the meet-
ing to hear what Mackay had to 
say about the connic!. 

She said that most people in 
Ireland do not want the violence 
and they are not divided on the 
issue as the U.S. media have pre-
sented. 

Vickery said she felt, however, 
that Mackay was too quick to hold 
only the IRA responsible for the 
terror and violence in Northern 
Ireland, and that he should 
acknowledge that there are also 
other splinter groups on both sides 
who arc at fault . • 

"The IRA probably did start a 
lot of the violence initially but J 
think from then on, it kind of 
doesn't matter who started it from 
the standpoint that violence is vio-
lence and people are geuing 
ki lied," she said. 

However, Mackay said he feels 
optimistic about the possibility of 
peace being reached in Northern 
Ireland within the next 50 years. 

NEWS 9 

CSU Union May Strike 
FACULTY: California State University faculty can 
protest Chancellor's imposition of working conditions 
By MeUssa Evans 
The Daily Aztec (San Diego State U.J 

The union that represents facul -
ty in the California State University 
sy tem ha authorized a range of 
job actions - up to and including a 
strike - at the sy tern 's 22 cam-
puses. 

The vote gives each CSU cllm-
pus permission to prote t CSU 
Chancellor Charles B. Reed' uni-
lateral imposition of working con-
ditions on March 17. California 
Faculty Association members had 
voted down a more favorable con-
tract in late February. 

Job action could include any-
thing from a formal strike to aski ng 
faculty to only perform their duties 
"to the letter" of what is required. 

Many of the possibilities could 
affect students - including with-
holding grades, not accepting 
"crashers" and enforcing class pre-
requisites. 

Rolf Schulze, president of San 
Diego State University 'S CFA 
chapter, has said a form of job 
action will defi nitely take place at 
SDSU. 

CFA authorized the strike on 
March 28, but because tudents 
were on Spring Brea~ last week, 
any job action taken by CFA will be 
felt thi s week. 

The strike vote was the first in 
the ystem 's history. At issue for 
the past 13 months has been pay 
and how it should be awarded. La t 
year, an independent organization 
found CSU faculty make about II 
percent les money than their col-
leagues at similar institutions. As a 
result, the faculty union asked the 
CSU for at lea t a 6 percent 
"across-the-board" rai se, in whi ch 
all faculty would see a boost in the 
base salary. But, under the tentative 
agreemen t that was rejected In 
February, CSU negotiators wanted 
to give faculty a 3 percent across-
the-board raise. Another 2 percent 
would go toward "merit pay." 
which faculty wou ld have to earn 
through research, teaching and 
community service. 

Under the union's old contract. 
only 20 percent, in tead of 40 per-
cent, of pay increases went toward 
merit pay. The union wanted to see 
each faculty member's base salary 
increase before merit pay was even 
con. idered. 

Under the working conditions 
imposed by Reed, faculty would get 
only a 2.5 percent across-the-board 
raise, with another 1.5 percent going 
toward merit pay. They would also 
lose many other benetits included in 
the tentati ve agreement. 

SIeaItns Guardians is.a bad Idea. We have photos/! 

Kaplan students 
get into Law School. 

Case Closed. 
9 out of 10 Kaplan LSAT students go 
to one of their top 3 school choices. 

- 1997 Bruskin-Goldrlng Research Study of students at the top 25 law schools .. 

Call today to enroll! 

KAPLAN .. .!II ~ 
.. 

1-800-IAP-TEST 
www.kaplan.com 



Improvising Across Borders: An Interdisciplinary 
Symposium on ImprOVised Music 
By Mike' Turner 
Guardian Reporter 

Improvised music has at:quired a reputation 
as a stri ctly jazz phenomenon. Far from existing 
in the mainstream, improvised musit: (a term 
that has an abstrat:t connotation) is regarded by 
the average listener as highly spedalized and 
dilTiwlt to relate to. The UCS D Musit: Depart -
ment hopes to dispel pret:onceived notions 
about improvisation with its three-day series 
"Improvising Across Borders" on Apri I 9-11 . 

The sy mposium will feature a keynote 
address by Pauline Oliveros, 27 papers and two 
panel discussions, all of which will take 1>lace in 
the two basement rooms of Mandeville, B202 
and B21O, free of charge. St:holars and musi-
cians from diverse backgrounds and practices 
will di scuss the wide range of techniques, styles 
and politics surrounding thel broad practice 
known as improvised music. There will also be 
two evening cont:erts at the Sprut:e Street Forum 
wi th the music of Eddie Prevost, LaDonna 
Smith, J.D. Parran, Douglas Ewart and Susan 
Allen on Friday and the musit: of Pauline Oliv-
eros on Saturday. 

A major theme of the sy mposium is the level 
of diversity that ex ists under the broad category 
of improvised music. Topi t:s ranging from the 
ohvious jazz improvisation to improvi sation on 
a Baroque theme to totally-free improvisation 
will he discussed by members of the UCS D fat:-
lIlty and other art and music st:ho lars to express 
the variety of genres that exist as impromptu 
form of express ion. 

Whet her he or she is aware of it or not, every 
musit: li stener is at least loosely familiar with 
improvised expression in music. Improvised 
music can be broken down into three categories: 
ornament ation , solo and free. 

The first two categories are staples of rock 
music and may not be recognized as improvisa-
tional bet:ause of their context. Ornamentation 
consists of small embellishments on the estab-
lished musical ideas within a piece. This form of 

improvisation is present in a great deal of main-
stream music and adds spontaneity to what 
would otherwise be repetitive and monotonous. 
Solo is a form of improvisation which is not 
unfamiliar to the average li stener but is, aga in, 
introduced within the context of a particular 
style, most often rock or jazz. 

Finally, free improvisation is the most total 
form of improvisation in 'which the musician (or 
musicians) literally' compose and perform 
simultaneously. Free improvisation, often called 
"Free Jazz" though not always di stinctly recog-
ni zable as jazz, is fascinating for its novelty and 
that it will never be reproduced as it was origi -
nally created. This live aspect makes improvisa-
tion an ullerly unique experience for the li stener 
each time. 

Free improvisation is especially awe inspir-
ing when utilized by a group. In thi s selling a 
complicated system of reaction and collabora-
tion must occur in real time. This demands a 
trained ear and a high level of concentration 
from the musicians. Local ' jazz piano player 
Oli ver Brown said improvised music is "the 
most mentally taxing" but is therefore "the 
greatest form of music ever" in its uniqueness. 
According to Brown, the members of a gl')up 
playing improvised jazz or any improvised 
music requires "a communication that is deeper 
than words." The performance that evo l ve~ is a 
pure experience which has its own identity and 
will never ex ist again once completed. 

With a large range of genres and sty les from 
varying" time periods, the "Improvisi ng Across 
Borders" sy mposium will entertain and intrigue 
musicians, appreciators of music and even the 
merely curious. The subject of improvisation , a 
seemingly abstract example of artistic expres-
sion, will not only prove familiar from within 
the world of music, but will also reveal a uni -
versally transmittable type of experience in 
which listener and musician alike enjoy a 
moment of pure unpredictability. 

For further information see the web page at 
h lip :lllIlan I 04nfs. ucsd.edu/- mdessen/csep/csep 
symposium.htm/ or contact Dana Reason at 
638-9688, drea,wn@ucsd.edLl. For information 
on the evening concerts call 295-0301. 

ThursdllY, April 8, 1999 The UCSD Guardian HIATUS II 

NEVER TOO LATE FOR A REVOLUTION 
Diane Lane discovers Sex', drugs, and rock 'n' roll at a lakeside Jewish retreat in 11 Walk on the Moon ' 
By Chris Dunning 
Staff Writer 

In the long line of romantic 
pseudo-comedies there is now a 
new member: "A Walk on the 
Moon." This movie, based on a 
family 's summer retreat in New 
York, attempts to explore several 
themes, but ends up biting off more 
than it could chew. 

The main theme in the film is 
the sexual rebirth of a 30-year-old 
mother, Pearl (Diane Lane), who 
has been married since the age of 
17 to a TV repair man, Marty (Liev 
Schreiber). Pearl is frustrated with 
her life and feels "trapped" with 
two kids and no freedom. 
Inevitably, an outlet for her frustra-
tions presents itself very early on in 
the film. 

The film begins with the entire 
family making their annual sum-
mer journey from New York to a 
lakeside Jewish retreat in the 
Catskills. The road trip is portrayed 
as comical and got a few laughs 
from the audience. But this intro-
duction set a false tone for the rest 
of the film; one would expect the 
rest of the movie to be a light-
hearted comedy about a summer by 
the lake with the 'kids. The real 
product is much different. 

Marty spends only weekends at 
the summer retreat because he 
works, so Pearl is left to her own 
devices for most of the summer. 

She makes the acquaintance of the 
"blouse man" (Viggo Mortensen), 
one of the vendors who frequent 
the community to sell their wares. 
A love story rapidly ensues, with 
their tirst sexual encounter occur-
ring during the famous moon-land-
ing broadcast (hence the name of 
the tilm). 

The "blouse man," Walker, 
opens up Pearl's eyes to a new 
world of sexual liberation, drugs 
and rock 'n' roll. Pearl becomes 
entranced with the hippie way of 
life and starts spending more and 
more time with Walker. The 
inevitable consequence is a family 
shakeup, which' is shown to be 
much less traumatizing than com-
mon sense would lead one to 
believe. The entire family absorbs 
and deals with Pearl's infidelity in 
less than a week, just in time to 
make a happy ending. 

An element in thi s film that is 
presented exceptionally well is 
the simultaneous sexual experi -
mentation of both mother, Pearl , 
and daughter, Allison (Anna 
Paquin). Allison is 14 and experi-
menting with boys, specifically 
her first boyfriend Ross. II is 
interesting to see the juxtaposition 
of these two women in revolution, 
so similar in action yet complete-
ly different in their situation. 
Pearl and Allison bond because of 
their experiences, tinally finding 

Do You Want to Be a Teacher? 
SCHOLARSHIP FOR BILINGUAL GRADUATES 
• Any Major • 3.2 GPA • Must Pass MSAT 

Must speak, read, write, translate Spanish I English 
SDSU Tuition Paid • A Paid Full-lime Elementary 

Teaching Position, $30,0001 yr. • 2 yrs.lnnovative Training 
Program • BCLAD California Teaching Credential 

SAN DIEGO STATE UNIVERSITY 
http://coe-sdsu,edu/focus 
Mary Seppi • Policy Studies Dept 
594-5863 • e-mail: mseppi@mail.sdsu,edu 

TH[ D~[AMlIf[ Of ANGn~ 
FUIICE '1. • FIIIICIIIIMla.ma· .. 

Wrongheaded love 
affairs and closs 
struggle are woven 
into this story of two 
young, scrappy, down 
and out French 
women, adrift In /Ife, 
who form a bond of 
enormous delicacy 
which is threatened by 
their own sexual 
desperation. 

something in common with each 
other. 

The acting in this film is good. 
Paquin and Lane perform very well 
and it is obvious that Schreiber is 
improving as an actor. Mortensen 
added his own style which is good, 

but rather monotone. Although thi s 
is not the caliber of tilm that would 
earn anybody an Oscar nomination, 
the actors did well with what they 
were given. 

Ultimately, thi s film explored 
more than it could handle. If just a 

TH E "TN ANNUAL 

Alice lin/GuardIan 
few of the thematic offshoots had 
been pared and the film 's focus had 
been narrowed, it would have been 
much better. It was still interesting 
in its own right and if not worth 
seeing in the theaters, it is certainly 
good enough to rent. 

~I 

HAWAIIAN SHiRr 
SWAPMEm 

Drop off your old Hawalia 5hirt 
Friday thru Sunday and 5Wap it for a 
FREE coml7ination meal. Recycle and make Don Ho proudl 

: _i ......... .... 
I "". .. :. ______ _ 
I a 11#,,' ______ _ 
I _~ IIiII *,."." IIIIIn 
I 10 zO ,..1IsriI0 
I III..,~ IIiII films *,."." "'" II' : .. ,."",." ............. , ",-=----

I . . i 
. ~~r~"!..da~s:~i~, _ ~ 1 J.u~ l ~July ____ e~ie~ _ ~oi~d:..J 

THURSDAY'S COUPONS: CALL 534-34671 



12 HIATUS The UCSD Guardian Thursday, April 8, 1999 

EXPERIENCE THE MATRIX' FOR YOURSELF 
Special effects and innovative characters create the perfect chemistry for Warner Bros. ' new scifi blockbuster 
By Michael Last 
Staff Writer 

A massive ad campaign featuring 
cool-looking special etl"ects, shots of 
Keanu Reeves goi ng "Whoa" and a 
tag line which reads "Nobody can 
tell you what the matrix is, you need 
to experience it for yourself' would 
seem to be the elements of a cool-
looking (but horribly bad,) action 
flick. From the commercials it seems 
worth seeing for those into the genre. 
but not deservi ng of grossing around 
$25 million in it opening weekend. 

Perhaps the biggest surprise in 
"The Matrix" is that it actually i 
deservi ng of such an opening 
weekend. The majority of the fancy 
special effects are sh wn in the 
trailers and commercials, leaving 
plenty of time to work on a story. 
The special effects are integrated 
into the plot ; one rarely gets the 
feeling that these effects are just 
there for the sake of having a fancy 
d.igital show. 

The movie stars Reeves as a 
hacker largcly dissatislied with his 
life. eo (Reeves) gets an opportuni-
ty to hi: introduced to the legendary 
hacker Morpheus (Lawrence Fi~h­
bume) by a beautiful hacker named 
Trinity (Carrie-Anne Moss). Trinity 
lures Neo to the meeting by promis-
ing information on an elusive idea 
that has been on the edge of Nco's 
mind for some time ca lled the 
Matrix. It is at this meeting that Fish-
burne delivers the movie's tag line, 
and he introduces Neo to a new way 
of looking at the world, which form 

the foundation for the movie's plot. 
The supporting cast contains a 

number of good actors, such as 
Hugo Weaving of"Pricilla, Queen of 
the Desert': fame. The casting seems 
to embody a recent truth - Reeves 
works really well when he has a 
good supporting cast. 

New lilming techniques were 
used in an allemptto match the level 
of cont rol of what the audience typi-
cally sees in animati(,:m. Still cameras 
would be ai med along the intended 
path of action, each one responsible 
for exactly one shot. These shots 
would then be scanned into a com-
puter, and in-between shots would 
be rendered. This gave effective 
frame-rates of up to 12,000 frames-
per-second, which could then be run 
by the audience at a vary ing speed. 
Moreover. several still cameras set 
to capture the same' image from dif-
ferent' locations allowed some shots 
to be rendered in 3-D, allowing 
some neal camera tricks. 

Wo Ping agreed to choreograph 
the action sequences on the condi-
t ion that the actors spend four 
months studying Kung Fu. The 
actors' efforts are visible a the fight 
scenes far surpa s the typical Person 
A hits Person B. Person B hits Per-
son A formula many action Ilicks 
currently lise. Typical of the Super 
Martial-Artist genre, stunts uch as 
impossible leaps or flying through 
the air were accomplished by usage 
of wires, which effectively tumed 
the actors into live puppets. 

Executive Producer Barry 
Osborne described the difference 
between this and most American 
fight choreography in a recent 
press release. 

"Most American stunt work 
uses rams or pneumatics to project 
a person through the air at a certain 
speed," Osborne stated. "With wire 
stunt work, the stunts are far more 
controlled and very styli zed ." 

Other than new visual effects, 
the most promising aspect of "The 
Matrix" is that it continues a recent 
tradition of looking to Hong Kong 
action films as models for how to 
make entertai ning movies. Ameri-
can acti on direction has lagged 
behind Hong Kong's for some 
time, though there is a recent trend 
toward pairing Hong Kong direc-
tors and American Films to gain 
from the former 's experti se. In this 
case, the movie's creators, the 
Wachowski brothers, recruited 
director Yuen Wo Ping. 

Overall , "The Matrix" is a good 
movie with excellent special effects 
and action sequences. If you are not 
one for adion, you probably won 't 
like this movie. though you might 
still enjoy it if you see it with friends 
who do. If you are one that enjoys 
action Ilicks or special effects, then 
this is detinitely a movie to see. 
However, one has to wonder why 
they released it this year, when in a 
non-Star Wars year it could have 
won the Academy Award lor best 
Visual EITects. 

Enthusiasts may visit the web site 
at http://www.whalislhemalrix.coml. 

Courtesy of Warner Bros./Jasln Boland 
DodCInc Bullets: Keanu Reeves stars in "The Matrix." The movie 
defines a new cutting edge for rnodern sci-fijaction films . 

W EST COA ST PREMIERE 

VIEW 
Sornet;irnes 

the har"'de s t 

thing to ::3ell 

if; yo u PGelf. 

BY MICHEL VINAVER 

Cla~~ic.al Indian Dance 

Odissi Temple 
Dance of India 

April t6 . Friday . <ttO-tS 
8pm • UCSD Mandeville Audilorium 

Contemporary Dance from NY 

MOMIX 
April 25 . ~unday . <tt5-20 

8pm • UCSD Mandeville Auditorium 

Legendary Modern Dance from NY 

--.~Q_. 
~. _.c=~ 
C::Q"'IPc:a ... ~ 

May 7 . Friday· «tt5-20 
8pm • UCSD Mandeville Aud ilorium 

Traditional I-lawaiian Dance 

HALAUHuLA 
KA NO 'EAU ~.;1r 

May t5 ' ~turday , «tt2-tS 
8pm • UCSD Price Center Ballroom 

Visit our website @hffp://ueo.ucsd.edu 
UCSD Box Office (619)534-TIXS 

PAE8ENTED BY 
UCSD UNIVEIISITY EVENTS OFFICE 

---- . - -

~~~ 
........... " .oc.MIItI.-...c 
.......... ' fCMWIt IUl ..-a 
.u. .. , ''' ..... 'MI 

............. ...---

Thursday, April 8, 1999 

A TESTAMENT TO TALENT 
Papa Wemlxls Molokai sh~ his 'legendary' lXJice 
By ca.,ton P.,... 
Guardian Reporter 

With a voice that Peter Gabriel 
described as "legendary," the 
Democratic Republic of Congo's 
Papa Wemba communicates both 
his deep respect for tradition as 
well his lust for modernity in a 
musical synthesis that is as inclu-
sive as it is festive. His newest 
album, Molokai, a reworking of old 
hits and new material lor the Real 
World label. captures the diversity 
of Wemba's musical character. 

Earning his fame in the early 
' 70s during President Mobuto's 
hegimonic campaign for an indigt;-
nous "authenticity," Wemba 
remains in his prime to this day, 
playing what the western music 
industry mislabeled as soukous. 

The music of the former Bel-
gium Congo lacks any self-
imposed classi'fication , and is 
known as "miziki na biso" (or "our 
music") to the people, hecause it 
refers to maintaining autonomy 
from the West. Soukous was a par-
ticular dance style of the late '60s. 
and currently is a term lor a sOCCer 
maneuver, not the catch-all term 
that record executives imposed. J 

"What we play is not soukous," 
Wemba commented at a WOMAD 
press conference. "That 's just one 
of the dance styles. There are very 
many others, and they change 
every six months." 

Though he claims that his music 
is "basically dance music," the 
opening track on Mololwi, "Excuse 
Me," is a deeply emotional a capel-
la tune. A problem for many with 
World Music is thaI the language 
barrier hinders the listener in their 
atlempt to appreciate the full 
esthetic of a liong. However, 
Wemba's voice is so strong that, 
though one cannot understand his 
words, one can feel it. The inllu-
ence of his mother, who worted as 
a professional mourner, a 
pleureuse, is rich within the wealth 
of sorrow in Wemba's voice. It is 

not that his si nging is melodramat-
ic. rather that it is truthful in its 
sound, 

Molokai, promoted as a "live 
studio" album, a. seemingly oxi-
moronic claim, benefits in that the 
cleanliness of a studio recording 
tempers the buoyancy of a sponta-
neous live performance. Recorded 
and mixed in only four days, the 
time it takes most projects just to 
record the drum tracks for two 
songs, John Leckie's production is 
sparse, abandoning drastic effects 
for articulate applications of EQ 
and reverb. For all this, the purity 
of Wemba's voice blends perfectly 
with the instrumentation, especial-
ly the warmth and expression of 
the congas and drum set on 
"Image." 

"If The Children Cry" is the 
most accessible track on the 
album; however, that is not to say 
that it is the weakest or least 
"African." The soothing female 
backing vocals repeating the 
refrain, "if the children cry" in 
English, allows the western ear to 
anchor itself as Wemba weaves 
arollnd them with tremendous 
anguish in hi ~ voca ls. Again, 
though one docs not know the lit-
eral meaning in the lyrics, one 
understands the emotional content 
- a remarkable feat that sets 
Wemba apart from other interna-
tional singers, as well as a plethora 
of western vocalists. The supple 
groove set up by bassist Gay 
Nsangue and drummer Valery 
Lobe showcases their caliber as 
musicians. Though Nsangue's and 
Lobe's mastery and fury e"plodes 
on tracks such as "Sa kana" and 
"M'Fono Yami," they know when 
not to play, and they let "If The 
Children Cry" grieve without clut-
tering the emotional landscape. ' 

The before-me'ltioned "M'Fono 
Yarni" is the best track, a remake 
mastery that enthralls the listener 
with its sheer joy. The call and 
response between Wemba and his 

The UCSD Guardian 

female background si ngers is pre-
cise and fun - one can hear them 
smiling. The electric guitar work of 
Patric Marie-Magdelaine is excep-
tional; not only do his solos soar, 
but the slight distortion in his tone 
speaks perfectly to the Cameroon-
ian and Congolese rhythmic hybrid 
propelled mercilessly by the four-
on-the-floor kick drum. Nsangue's 
bass solo is a reflection in artistry, a 
lesson worth learning by Dream 
Theatre wannabes who believe it is 
the number of notes one can play 
and not how they are played that 
makes a good solo. Again, Lobe's 
groove-to-die-for is peppered with 
blistering percussion by Moussa 
Sissokho that shows off how tight 
the band is. 

The only song that weakens the 
album is the ballad "Awe Y'okei" 
with its piano and vocal duet that 
seem out of place among the other 
10 tracks. However, in context of 
Wemba's hi story, and the place this 
album has within his entire cata-
logue, "Awe Y'okei" connects his 
early inlluences to hi s present 
work. The album title, M%kai, is a 
reference to an evangelistic film 
Wemba saw as a child, in which a 
missionary heals the lepers of the 
Island of Molokai. This album, as a 
collection of reworked -hits and new 
material , is the summation of the 
healing through music accom-
plished throughout Wemba's life. ' 
Though not rhythm and blues in 
any way, the mixing of "Awe 
Y'okei" hints at Wemba's '60s era 
fascination with that style. And it 
also pays homage to Otis Redding 
who first gave him the inspiration 
to be a professional musician. 

"When I listened really careful-
ly I fel~ close to that rhythm:' 
Wemba said at the WOMAD press 
conference. " I said to myself, 
there's a bit of me in [rhythm and 
blues)." . 

When the ri se of New Wave 
heralded the celebration of World 
Music, the fashion associated with 
Wemba and his peers became a 
cult of style consc iousness 
referred to as Ie sape. Comparable 
to the fierceness of competition 
between members as the '60s mod 
scene in England, sapeurs fixated 
religiously in winning their bailie 
of flamboyance. As the elected 
sovereign of the sapeurs, Wemba 
became fascinated with Japanese 
designers who were creating mod-
ernized versions of traditional 
Congo styles, and hi s clothes 
establi shed an esthetic that has 
oftcn overshadowed the music. 
However, to Wemba, it was never 
the fa shion, per se, that was 
important, but rather onc's general 
presentation . 

" I love to dress up, but I'm not a 
slave to Ie sape ... when I say 'well-

.. coifed, well-shaven, we ll-per-
fumed ' I'm simply encouraging 
youngsters to be clean and neat," 
We mba said at the WOMAD press 
conference. "When one is nicely 
tumed-out , one is well received 
everywhere ... 

Molokai proves without a doubt 
that Wemba deserves his interna-
tional success not only in amassing 
some of his previous hits, but also 
in showcasing his talent and its 
roots. Though not a true "greatest 
hits" record, it provides a well-
grou"ded starting place for the 
curious from which they can dis-
cover what makes Wemba a star. 
Easily one of the best stars Real 
World provides an international 
home for, Wemba's music warrants 
the widest audience possible for its 
grace alone. Wemba is a man with 
style to spare. 

HIATUS 13 

STUDENT TRAVEL 
This ain't your parents' 

270-1750 

., travel agency. 
With our staff of experienced travelers, a 
global network of offices, great prices, ticket 
flexibility and a ton of travel services, we 
know firsthand what it takes to put together 
a mind-blowing trip ... 

... just remember to thank mom 
for packing your suitcase. 

.. 75 ...... ~ 

..... F 

ST/j 
STA TRAVEL 

SAIl Dl£1IO CST ,,017560·60 WE'VE BEEN 1HEIIE. 

www.statravel.com 

TENTION: 
Revelle Seniors!! 
Application Deadline for 

Student Commencement 
Speaker 

AP~IL 12TH, 
4:30 PM 

in Revelle Dean's Office 
More info: mgo@ucsd.edu 

The George Washington University's Graduate 
School of Education and Human 

Development cordially invites you to join us 
for an evening open house hosted by the 
Department of Counseling/ Human and 

Organizational Studies. 
Come hear about Masters and Doctoral 
opportunities at our renowned campus 

located in the heart of our nation's capital. 
When: April 15th & 16th 
Hours: 5:00 - 7:00 p.m. 

Location: Clarion Hotel Bay View 
660 K Street, Room 2105 

San Diego, California 

The George Washington University is an Equal Opportunity/ 
Affirmative Action Institution ' 



14 H1ATIJS • The UCSD Guardian Thursday. April 8. 1999 

'ALICE LOST WONDERLAND' 
The Eveoke Dance Theatre depicts painfUl and playful truths of womanhood through interpretive dance 
By UndHy Sworskl 
Hiatus Editor 

Eveoke Dance Theatre spins 
magic with interpretive dance. The 
theater 's continual goal to place 
painful trulhs hefore the public's 
consciousness has once again been 
realized with its laleSI produclion, 
"Alice Losl Wonderland." Though 
meaningful, thi s visual slory on the 
plight of womanhood doesn'l lack 
humor, beauty or joy. In faci the 
experience is as enjoyable as il is 
educational. The unique theater at 
SI. Cecilia's Playhouse is a perfect 
selling for this fairy tale of youth 
which runs through Apri I 18. 

Before the show has even 
begun, Toe Fairies with twisted 
metal wings stretch and play in 
slow motion on the dimly lit stage. 
The Silver Squid (a.k.a. the White 
Rabbit) dances around the arriving 
audience in the lobby, looking 
deeply into their eyes. The surreal 
mood is set and the spell is begun, 
even before the performance has. 
The program packet, handed out 

he fore the show, includes an Alice 
Dictionary that explains the sym-
bolism of each character in the 
physically interpreled plol. Each 
dancer is basically a part of Ihe 
psyche of lice who represenls 
every person. 

larllng wit h infancy, Alice 
grows Ihrough chaotic worlds of 
bouncing motherly breasts. lam-
pon letherha ll and blow jobs. 
Female childhood, adolescence 
and adulthood are addressed with 
blatant honesty and brilliant chore-
ography. Everyone can relate to the 
issues that Eveoke skillfully pre-
sents - from sexuality to shop-
ping. Numerous climaxes of 
intense expression keep the perfor-
mance energy high, though this 
does take a lillie dramatic tension 
out of the ending. In all, each scene 
is complete in lyrical dance form 
and plot propulsion. "Alice Lost 
Wonderland" brings interpretive 
dance both to its height and down 
to earth. 

Eveoke Dance Theatre has been 

University of Califor.nia 

SPEND 1000 IN 

South airica 
AT THE UNIV ERSiTY OF NATAL IN 
PIETERMARITlBURG AND THE 
UNIVERSITY Of (APE TOWN 

EAP offers a full-year program starting in Winter 2000 with 
courses in a wide range of fields, including: 
• African Studies :;~~~rf~~~ 
• Anthropology ...; 
• Architecture 
• Biological Sciences 
• Engineering 
• Environmental/Ecological Studies 
• History 
• Multi-Cultural Studies 
• Political Science 
• Religious Studies 
• Sociology 
• Urban Planning/Studies 

Earn UC Credit 

lntorrnation Seui2!1; 
Tues, April 13 @ 4 pm 

Intemational Center library 

UC Financial Aid 
Applies 

Scholarships 
Available 

EAP APPLICATION DEADLINE: 
MAY 7, 1999 

Take a step in a 
new direction ... 

NEWZEALAND 
Sponsored by the UC Education Abroad Program 
Choose from locations at: 

• Christchurch 
• Dunedin 
• Auckland 
• Palmerston North 
• Wellington 

Earn UC Credit 
$600 automatic 
scholarships! 
and many more ... 

INFORMATION 
SESSION: 

THURS, APRIL 8 
@2:30pm 

International Center 
Conference Room 

operating in San Diego since Octo-
ber 1994 in a small studio in down-
town 's industrial area. Using mini-
mal resources and artistic ingenu-
ity, Eveoke produced 12 original 
performances that earned them the 
press and communilY support to 
open their present 
Eveoke Studio Theatre 
in MayoI' 1997. They 
have used every pro-
duction as a means to 
reveal the experiences 
others in order to create empa-
thy within the human community 
and expose the destructive social 
pallerns which hinder women's 
freedom. In addition to their pro-
ductions, the Eveoke Education 
Program follows these high pur-
suits by teaching dance to the 
youth of San Diego. 

Basically. socially active the-
ater can be a lot of fun . "Alice Lost 
Wonderland" satisfies for both 
enlightenment and entertainmenl. 
Eveoke Dance Theatre realizes 
how similar these two words are. 

Education Abroad Program 

Do You Get Along 
Well With 
Kangaroos 
. & Koalas? 

Consider a year down under 
with the 

UC Education Abroad Program 
in Australia for 2000! 

Scholarships 
Available! 
Earn UC 

'" Credit 

511dll in l@Jl~ ~ IS 
@J1MHE~~C@J 

UC EAP Programs in Brazil, Chile, 
Costa Rica, Mexico 

• Earn UC Credit 
• All UC Financial Aid applies 
• Additional Automatic Scholarships 
• Semester and Year Options 

OAP Programs in MOlt Latin American Countries I 
• Earn UC Credit 
• Financial Aid applies 
• Summer, Quarter, Semester and Year Options 
• Deadlines vary 

For more information call 534-1123, or abrOIIdOucad.edu UCSD Programs Abroad OffIce 
Visit our Web Site: htlpllorpheus.ucsd.edulicenterl 

• Discount Travel Packs 
• Travel Books, Maps 
• All your Eur.1I Supplies I 
• Locks, Cable Locks, 

Sleep Sheet, Pack Towel 
Teva Sport Sandals 
Rain Gear and 
all Accessories 

We're in PB just up the 
street trom Council Travel 

at t655 Garnet 
483-1421 

OPEN 7 DAYS A WEEK 
M·F 10am-6pm, Sal 

UCSD GUARDIAN 
MONDAYS a 
THURSDAYS 

IS 
YOUR 

FUTURE 
WORTH 

150,0001 
WE 

THIMKSO. 
The Army now 

offers college scholar-
. ships wO,rth up to 

$50,000 for qualifying 
applicants through 
the Montgomery GI 
Bill and the Army 
College Fund. 

It's worth a ca II to 
find out more. Call 
your local recruiter at: 

La Jolla 
619-488-2781 

All« 
• ALL 1011 CAN II. 

www.goarmy.com 

~ ~__ __ _. . __ . __ ~ -0_-. 

r 

Thursday, April 8, 1999 

IlAIbum 

Hom 
Follow the Leader 

---
-**** 

Kom's use of the seven-string 
guitar, which originally garnered 
atteniion for the band over five 
years ago, continues on Follow tlte 
Leader. However, the band takes il 
several steps further, using various 
unconventional and perverse meth-
ods to take the guitar to uncharted 
territories on almost every song. 

The band also proceeds to breed 
metal with hip-hop, producing such 
tracks as "AII in the Family." 

Lyrically, Leader explores much 
of the deep-seated personal trau-
mas which the band's previous 
efforts have explored, whi Ie effec-
tively channeling its young fans' 
angst, as on "Children of the Kom" 
(which features rapper lee Cube.) 
Even Cheech Marin lends his 
.vocals on "Earrache my Eye." 

One of the last few truly inven-
tive "rock" bands left, nu-metal 's 
"Leader" ushers the genre into the 
new millennium with an impres-
sively heavy, satisfying album. 

- Matthew Kalinowski 

The Roots 
Things Fall Apart 

ileA_ 

-*** 
One of the most highly antici-

pated hip-hop albums of the year 
has dropped from hip-hop's mOSI 
prolific live en emble. The multi-
talented Roots have returned yet 
again with anolher quality product, 
Things Fall Apart. Yet, despite the 
tille, this album proves that the 
only thing falling apart is the com-
petition. 

The fir t single "Adrenaline" 
gets fans hyped with the bouncy, 
pounding piano melody. and the 
second single "You got Me" 
smooths 'e rn out with a marina-
lion-vibe, love jam. The cameos 
are few but precious and include 
Erykah Badu and Mos Def. The 
17 -track album nearly captures 
the energy and charisma that The 
Roots bring to their live perfor-
mances. Things Fall Apart is a 
definite grower and shaker and is 
sure to require heavy rolation in 
every sound system for a long 
time . 

- J Farrand 

The UCSD Guardian 

w •• 

Union 13 
Why Are We Destroying Ourselves? 

....... -

-**** 
Why Are We Destroying Our-

selves, Union 13's follow up to 
1997's EaST Los Presents, is a col-
lection of firey urban anthems. 
Sometimes furious, mostly intro-
spective, always passionate, Unions' 
16 tracks renect the happenings, 
struggles and lessons learned from 
growing up in East Los Angeles. 

The lyrics, in both English and 
Espanol , question everything in 
Union 13 's world. Rather than mere-
ly being angry for anger's sake, 
Union 13, unlike many other hard-
core bands, uses the anger it pro-
vokes to bring out the music's mes-
sage. "No Time For Learning" sets 
the tone for the entire album with its 
observation that most people will 
work for their enlire lives just to sur-
vive. 

Union takes all of the drive, ener-
gy and fury of three-chord hardcore 
punk and infuses it with a message 
of learning and living lhat could only 
come from experience. 

- Nick Silva 

ut 
A Place in the Sun 

IICA_ 

-*** 
Aside from being home to sub-

urb , Republicans and lots of kids 
looking for their angst, Orange 
County is an astounding hotbed of 
musicaltalenl. For whatever reason, 
OC kids just gOlla play. As Orange 
County locals, Lit are no exceplion 
to this rule. 

At first listen, Lit 's combination 
of fuzzy power chords, and calchy 
melodies is reminiscent of early Nir-
vana. But, in comparison to Lit , Kurt 
couldn't sing all that well and Nir-
vana allracted too many pissed-otT 
suburban pre-teens. 

While Lit 's second release, A 
Place in the Sun, sounds like some-
thing out of the grunge era, it ri ses 
above the angst and self-hatred to 
finish where grunge left otT. A Place 
in the Sun moves freely between 
punk, pop and alternarock. Imagine 
old Stone Temple Pilots mixed wilh 
new Unwrillen Law and beaten with 
a Bush stick. "Happy" even includes 
a hom section, giving the band an 
early 1970s rock and roll feel, rather 

HIATUS 15 

than the typical Orange County 
ska/punk cliche. 

A Place in The Sun deals with a 
variety of issues. For example, 
"Down" explores the special rela-
tionship between a man and his car 
(bolh singer A. Jay Popoff, and his 
brother, guitarist Jeremy Popoff, 
own restored vi ntage Cadi llacs), 
while "Zip-Lock" deals with lost 
love and regrets. 

Lit 's introspective lyrics are con-
stantly offset by their collecti ve 
sense of humor. On the track, "My 
Own Worst Enemy," a song about 
drunken regrets, A. Jay Popoff sings 
"Please tell me why my car is in the 
front yard/and I' m sleeping with my 
clothes onJbecause I came in through 
the window/and you ' re gone." 

Lit doesn' t exactly lit the Orange 
County suburban Republican kid 
mold, and, despite the musical simi-
larities, they ' re not quite the next 
Nirvana, eilher. One thing is for sure, 
though, they can make a damn fine 
CD. 

- Nick Silva 

record 
RATINGS 

Excellent 
Good 
Fair 
Weak 
Poor 

***** 
**** 
*** 

** 
* 



." 

16 CLASSIFIEDS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
I;J _ •• !:J: I ~.~ ~II 
* ROUND TRIP COURIER FARESi' 
London $349 Sing $300 Hong Kong $389 
China $360 Sydney $580 Bangkok $370 
~[I~:I'~'l~I'!!!I~'!ili~ 
AIR COURIER I NT ERNATIONAL 

1-800-298-1230 24 hr 

The UCSD Guardian 

CLASSIFIEDS 
The UCSD Guardian reserves Ihe righl to classify. edit. delete offensive words and 
phrases. and70r refuse any and all advertisements without prior notification. The Advertiser 
will not hold the Guardian liable for any claims resulting from the publication of the 
advertisement. The publisher will also not be held accountable for any claim from an 
agreement made between the advertiser and the consumer. 
Copy should be reviewed by the advertiser for errors. In order to be corrected in the next 
regular issue. all errors must be reported by the corresponding deadline. Credit will only 
be given lor the incorrect portion of the advertisement. There are no refunds lor cancellations. 
Pl •••• s.nd .11 correspondence r.gardlng Cla •• llied. to: 
UCSD Gu.rdlan, AHn: Cla •• llled., 9500 Gilman Drlv. '0316, L. Jolla, CA 92093. 
Actualloc.Uon: Student C.nt.r A, Room 217. 

Classified Line 
Ad Rates 

Studenta: $3 per 20 word, 
F.culty & Sllff: $4 per 20 word, 

AM other.: S5 per 20 word. 
Advance payment Is required. 

Classified Display 
Ad Rates 

$9.00 per column inch 
Deadline.: 

Publlution Oil. DillUy Alii Una Ad. 
Mo~y 
Thursdlty 

Noon Thur.. 3 pm Thur •. 
Noon Mon. 3 pm lion. 

(4/8-12) .3-4 p.m . in the Price Center Gallery EXCEPTIONAL SUMMER 

Pledge and didn't like it? Start your 
own Fraternity! Zeta Beta Tau is 
looking for men to start a new 
Chapter. If you are interested' in 
academic success and an 
opportunity to make friends in a non· 

~Iedging brotherhood , e-mail : 
zbt@zbtnational.org or call Mike 
Simon at (317)334-1898. (4/1-8) 
EUROPE $239 OIW ANYTIME IN 
1999. Hawaii $119, CariblMexico 
$189 rlt Discount Fares Worldwide. 
888-AIRHITCH . www.airhitch .org 
(taxes additional) (4/5-6/3) 
$$ for Study Abroad!! Scholarships 
for students departing Summer or 
Fall 1999. Deadline: Friday, April 16. 
Call 534-1123 for more information. 

Serving-Up 

Learn Italian this Summer in 
Perugia, Italy! Earn up to 14 UC 
units. No prior Italian needed. June 
30-August 14. Application deadline: 
April 15. Visit the Programs Abroad 
Office or call 534-1123 for 
information. (4/8-12) 

EVE N T S 

Furniture, clothes, bikes, 
books, kitchen items, etc. 

Sat. April 10 
8am ·4pm 
At the University 
Lutheran 

........... 453-1l1t 

Leadership Seminar: 4 Steps to 
Welln ... presented on 4/14/99 from 

BARGAINS 
in Today'. Guardian! 

. Classical Eye Council Travel 
FREE Color Contacts .. p.7 Amsterdam $388 ........... p.9 
Miramar Car Wash Fins 
$1 OFF ...................... p. 17 Free meal trade .............. p.ll 
Trim & Tan Theatre Dept. 
30 Tan days $29.99 ... p.17 "The Interview" .............. p.12 
Rock Bottom Copy Club 
$2.25 pints ................ p.5 3¢ copies ...................... p.16 
Spirits of St. Germain Council Travel 
$4.99 &-packs ........... p.6 Rome $428 ............. p.9 

"SPecial COltple" 
Needs Egg DOll011 

Vibrant, affluent couple seeks fantastic egg donor possessing 
the follOWing attributes: 5'5" or taller with Blond/Light Brown 

Hair and Blue, Green or Light Hazel Eyes. $6000.00 will 
compensate this special person for her time. 

Please call CREATIVE CONCEPTIONS, INC. at 
1-888-411-EGGS 

(Be sure to mention the ad you are calling about.) 

web pag': cre.flv,cOfIC.ptlon.1tff ,.",.11: ccinc .. sflaol.com 

B. Presented by the head personal 
trainer at RIMAC . Concepts of 
nutrition, flexibility, cardiovascular 
fitness, and strength training will be 
discussed. Sponsored by SOLO. For 
more info call 534-0501 . (4/8-12) 
Study abroad information session 
for Australia and New Zealand, 
Thursday, April 8, 2:30 p.m . 
International Center Conference 
Room. For more info call 534·1123. 
(4/8) 
Habla Espanol? Latin America Study 
Information Session, Thursday, April 
15, 2:30 p.m. International Center 
Conference Room. Call Programs 
Abroad Office. 534-1123. (4/8-15) 
Study Abroad in South Africa!! 
Programs Abroad Information 
Session, Thursday, April 13, 4:00 
p.m.lntemational Center Library . Call 
534-1123 for more information. (4/8-
12) 
The public is invited to join Thurgood 
Marshall College and the ASSOCiated 
Students at a FREE STREET FAIR 
to be held on Marshall campus from 
11 am-5pm this Saturday, April 1 oth. 
This cultural celebration will 
showcase music and dance from 
around the world, ethnic food, arts 
and crafts , and games for the 
children. Parking is free. For 
information call (619)534-4390. (41 
8) 

EMPLOYMENT 
MALE • FEMALE MODELS. Our 
models have worked for Esquire 
Magazine, Skechers, Levi's, Estee 
Lauder, Coca Cola. Most ages OK! 
Beginner's OK! Great pay! Call- Otto 
1 (800)959-9301 . (218-5/27) 
SaleslMarketinglntemships-Earn 3-
6 K Working on your Campus 
Telephone Directory Excellent 
Advertising/SaleslPR experience. 
Call COLLEGE DIRECTORY 
PUBLISHING: 1·800-466-2221 ext 

OPPORTUNITY- Camp Wayne, NE 
PA. Counselor Specialists for all 
LandlWater Sports . Outdoor 
Adventure; Mtn Biking, Rocketry, 
A&C, Drama, Radio, Video. Campus 
interviews Thurs., April 15th. Call 1-
888-549·2963 or e-mail 
wayneboys 0 aoLcom (3129-4/8) 

~ 

~fJ.: 
911glfts.com 

SOFTWARE ENGINEER 
Fast ~ e-oommerce finn seeks FT 
programme!S. Compensation includes 
stocks options and oompetiti\<e aaIIry. 
Pert (CGI Saipls), CIC++, tm.L, Java 
l.Qx & ROBMS experience (Oracle, SCl) 
Fax r6sum6 b 611-211M182 or e-mai 
c:hIng@811giftLcom. No caIa. 

learn Bartending 

Pasadena area Summer Day Camp 
now hiring energetic and responsible 
people for counselor positions. 
Looking for group counselors, 
lifeguards and wranglers. Spend your 
summer outside making new friends. 
Call TOM SAWYER CAMP 
(626)794-1156 . (3/29-4/15) 
Counselors wanted for the world-
renowned SUMMER DISCOVERY, 
pre-college program .. Spend the 
summer working with teenagers at 
one of our exciting residential 
campus programs (UCLA, UC San 
Diego, U of Michigan, Georgetown, 
U of Vermont). Must be at least 21 by 
June 20th and have a valid driver's 
license. Info at 888-878-6637, 
staffOsummerfun .com or 
www.summerfun.com (3/29-4/8) 
NEED Mother's Helper. 3:0013:30-
7:00 p.m. in Rancho Santa Fe in 

233. www.campusdirectory.com (21 return for apartment, pay, and use of 
16.4/26) pool, tennis court- need minimum 1 

CIIIIII 
We're Open 24 Hours! 

Costa Verde Shopping Center • 8650 Genesee Ave., Sle. 200 
457-9500 

* * * 3 ¢ SELF SERVE COPIES * * * 
Expires Apnl IS, 1999 

Thursday, April 8, 1999 

year commlttment. A great job for 
the right person. Phone 619-756-
1608. (3/29-4/8) 
Earn $6,000-$9,000/yr. extra! Local 
area counselors needed. Enjoy 
cross-cultural experiences? Support 
families and international nannies in 
your area. Contact Kristen (888)222-
2966. (3129-4/8) . 
FUN SUMMER JOBS. Gain valuable 
experience working with children 
outdoors. We are looking for caring 
Summer Day Camp staff whose 
summer home is in or near the San 
Fernando or Conejo Valleys, 
Malibu, or Simi Valley. General 
Counselors & Specialists. Salaries 
range $2,100-$3,200+. Call 818-865e 
6263 or go to www.workatcamp.com 
(4/1-5/20) 
CAMP WAYNE- sisterhaif of brotherl 
sister camp- Northeast Pennsylvania 
' (6120-8118199). We're back! We have 
recruited great staff from San Diego 
and. want you to have the most 
memorable summer of your life. 
Directors for Fine Arts, Gol!, Naturel 
Camping. Counselors to live in cabins 
and teach at specialty areas. I! you 
love children and have a specialty to 
offer call 1-800-279-3019 or e-mail 
campwaynegOaol.com On Campus 
Interviews A rll15th. (4/1-8) 
Catalina Isiand Summer 
Employment. Make money and 
meet new people working in Avalon , 
Catalina Island for the summer. We 
have positions available for friendly, 
outgoing , retail salespersons . 
Housing available. Send resume or 
application request to Bay Company 
P.O. Box 1025, Avalon, CA. 90704. 
Or fax application request to (310) 
510-2357. (4/1-29) 
Data Entry I Customer Service. P.T. 
Poss. F.T. Hrs. Flexible wI school 
schedule. Entry level. Fax resume 
(619) 561-1866. (4/1-12) 
Being Fit Fitness Centers is hiring 
salesltrainers and experienced 
aerobic instlfull or part time. Call 
483-9294. (4/5-19) 
CPR Instructors needed to teach on 
campus classes for Recreation. You 
mus be currently certified by the 
American 'Red Cross as a 
Community First Aid and Safety 
Instructor. Pay is $8Ihour. Call 534-
5246 for information. (4/5-12) 
Are you LIGHT headed or of 
SOUND mind? Special event techs 
needed to work campus events with 
University Centers Tech Crew. No 
experience necessary, resume 
preferred . Must be registered 
student, have valid CDL, ability to lift 
75 Ibs., work odd hours and long 
shifts. nights and weekends. Starting 
$8Ihr. Apply 0 EDNA in Price Center 
by April 30. (4/5-22) 
COME TO MAINEI Camp Tanjo a 
boy's camp on Long Lake, Naples, 
Maine hiring staff. Don't miss this 
opportunity to work at one of the top 
camps in the country. June 22-
August 22. Transportation provided! 
POSitions in Pioneering, Basketball, 
Baseball , Soccer, Tennis , 
Swimming, Sailing, CeramiCS, 
Wookdworking, Archery , Riflery , 
Radio, Video, Canoeing, Secretary, 
Cooks. Call Mike Sherbun at aOo-

Thursday, April 8, 1999 

250-8252_ (415-29) 
Web developer wanted for Intemet 
consulting company. Fax (619) 839-
3652 or e-mail dave 0 ipstrategy.com 
(415-15) 
We Pay Youl 29 people needed to 
lose up to 30 Ibs. in 30 days. Doctor 
recommended. Call (619) 272-4985. 
.(4/5-19) 
Fraternltle., Sororltle., Large 
Groups. Earn $1,000-$2,000 for 
easy 3 hour CIS Fundraiser. For 
more info call Jodi Grant 800-567-
6247. (4/5-8) 
Campus Manager Position 
Available. CIS has Immediate 
opening for a campus manager at 
UCSD. Work on campus. Learn 
valuable management, marketing, 
& communication skills . Flexible 
hours. $15.00+ per hour. Pay varies. 
For more information call Jodi Grant 
800-567-6247. (4/5-8) 
$1500 weekly potential mailing our 
circulars. No Experience Required. 
Free information packet. Call 202-
452-5940. (4/5-6/3) 
Seeking a college recruit to support 
the chief Financial Officer and 
Accounting Department of a growing 
real estate development firm . 
Candidate will assist with financial 
analysis , projecting cash flows , 
proformas, budgets, managing 
property taxes, compiling information 
for loan requests, filing and other 
special projects as assigned . 
Proficiency with PC applications 
including Word & Excel. Excellent 
benefits. salary 26K-30K. Please fax 

yo~r resume to: (619) 455-7723. (41 
8-12) 
Douglas Ranch in Carmel Valley is 
hiring Summer Camp Counselors. 
We are looking for General 
Counselors, riders, swimmers, tennis 
players and more! Come meet us at 
the JOB FAIR on THURSDAY APRIL 
15 or www.douglascamp.com (4/8-
15) 
Wanted : International House 
Resident AdVisors, Communication 
and Special Programs Interns for 
1999-2000! Applications available, 
ERC Residence Life Office. Deadline 
4/23/99. (4/8-12) 

ROOMMATES 
Female roommate wanted for 
summer. Apt. near UTC. Pools, spas, 
gym. Own room wI walk-in closet. 
Near bus. (619)554-1203 
abseaton Opacbell.net (3/29-4/8) 
Room for rent in 2 bedroom, 2 bath 
apartment located in downtown La 
Jolla. 2 blocks from beach and 15 
minutes from UCSD. Rent is $400 + 
112 utilities. Available now. Call Scon 
at 456-8678. (4/5-8) 
Female wanted= own room $360 + 
1/4 utilities in UTC area condo. Pool, 
garage, WID . Available 5/2. Anita 
587-7980. (4/5-12) 
Female roommate wanted to share 
room. Near bus; close to UCSD; 
$333.75/month. Call ASAP. 457-
2178 or 638-9648. (4/5-8) 
Upstairs loft, $380 or downstairs 
bdrm $465. Share bath. Washerl 
Dryer, frplc, blcny, gated comm., 
pooVhot tUb. Near UCSD & UTC 
mall. Non-smoking female student 

preferred. Avail. now. 455-9729 or 
404-0765. (4/5-8) 
Female Roommate wanted ASAP. 
To share 2-storycondo (UTC). $4371 
mol$250 deposit. Own room. Call 
619-6&7-9227 or Jung at 619-452-
3938. (4/8-15) 
Sublease wanted. Male law student 
preparing for Cal-Bar seeking 
sublease for June and July. Call 
Melinda at 450-3301 with 
information. (4/8) 

FOR RENT 
PRE-RENT your summer or fall of 
99 OFF CAMPUS HOUSING. We 
have 2-3-4 or 5 bedroom houses or 
condos. Near UTC/UCSD. For 
information call 619-578-4257. (3/ 
29-(129) 
3 Bedroom Townhouse near LJ 
Village Square, 2-Car garage, pooV 
spa, washerldryer. Available Mid-
June or September. $l600/mo. Call 
Nina 792-6453. (4/5-12) 
UTClLa Jolla Colony townhome: 3 
bedroom, 2.5-bath $1675; 4-
bedroom, 2-bath $2150 avallable late 
June. New carpet, paint, refrigeratorl 
washer/dryer. Near UTC, Costa 
Verde. 454-6462. (4/1-12) 

The UCSD Guardian 

x4185 for more Information. (1/11-61 
3) 
Give the miracle of life- Becoming an 
egg donor. Females between 21 & 
31 , call (619) 673-0885 . 
(Compensation for time, 
inconvenience) (2116-613) 
Become an Egg Donor. Help make a 
couple's dream come true. Surrogate 
Parenting Services. (800)373-9525. 
(3111-6/1 ) 

EGG DONORS NEEDEDI 
Despet'lltely wanted by infertile. hopeful 
parents. All races needed. Ales 21-30. 

Compensation 54,000. Please call 
OPTIONS Nadonal fertility 

Reptry (100)186-'373. 

EGG DONORS 
.,.. A DIffEAEIlCE" 
In couples lives that are longing to 

have a family. They Mad your special 
HELP. 

" you ara healthy and IMtwMn 
1 tI-3O yra old. 

Compenlltlon is heartily given for 
your time and effort-$3000 plu. 

'150 for Irllve1e".,..,_. 
Please call 

CR£RT1IIE COIlCEPTDL me. 
1-888-'111-£888 

f !ll,lli CCIIle[ ~ r-, AOL '- \ In 
... ' IJ..., It' (fl.l!I\,!. (UIlll (Ill n rH I 

WE'RE LOOKING FOR A 
FEW GOOD SPERMI Sperm 
donors needed. Ales 20-39.AlI races. 

$50 per acceptable donation. Call 
OPTIONS Nadonal fertility 

ReBistry (100)886-'373. 

inhaled allergens (dust, grass, 
animals) needed as blood donors. 
Will be reimbursed $35 for blood 
donation. Contact 534-2374. (4/8-
19) 
DO YOU HAVE SYNESTHESIA? 
The Brain and Perception Lab of 
Prof. Ramachandran Is seeking 
individuals who experience color 
synthesia. I! so, please contact us 
immediately at The Brain and 
Perception Lab: 534·7907. (4/8,22) 

SERVICES 

MI AR 
HAND 

CARWASH 
5716 Mlnt .... r Rd. 

I (Behind Unocal 76 Station) 
1455· 1120'11-581. "m-$pm, Sun. 8am-4pm 

~lOF~~, 
----------_ .. 

NEED A TUTOR? SUCCESS 
Tutoring Services. Hundreds ollutors 
available for all subjects, reasonable 
rates (619) 51-TUTOR (619)518-

CLASSIFIEDS 17 

LOST & FOUND 
Missing: Compaq 1235 laptop 
computer from Black HalV Warren 
Apartments on Sunday, March 7th. 
Reward for its return or Information 
leading to Its return. Call 455-7827 
or e-mail: Stars919130aol.com (31 
8-(/8) 

PERSONALS 
CLAUSTROPHOBIAcan be helped, 
free treatment as part of a clinical 
study- no drugs. For information call 
(619) 457·3900. (4/8-19) 
Heather P. (ittenger) ·We'll have the 
HawaIIan with a garden burger patty 
on wheat, no onions or mayo. Oh, 
and could we get the fries BEFORE 
we're finished eating. Nice shorts. (; 
(4/8) 
We know who was dumping the 
Guardians from campus racks this 
week. Turn yourselves in and the 
sentence will be more lenient. (4/8) 
Guardian eds and writers-Here's 
the steps to writing a commentary or 
OplEd piece: 1) Gather ALLthe facts 
and ' data; 2) Formulate a point of 
view fairly based on these facts and 
data; 3) Write . (4/8) 
A very Happy B to our own Co-Copy 
Ed "Tabby· Granshaw, Sat. April 
10th. Walt, give her the day off. (4/8) 

Furnished, 2BR lBA condo near 
UCSD, UTC available June 15, 
$1250/mo. Call Greg 642-7504 or 
Lisa 800-262-8714 ext. 4569. (4/8-
12) ASIAN EGG DONOR NEEDED: 0 8867 http://welcome.toltutor (3/8-4/ During a chemical safety lecture, 

someone got hurt. Aman in a chicken 
costume told me that my vote would 
change something. And the guy 
down the hall has some 
emphatuation with stealing road 
signs. Now, alii have to look for is the 
fourth , fifth, siX1h, and seventh signs. 
(4/8) 

FOR SALE blood type. Taiwanese, Korean, or =.26:.t) _________ _ 
Brand name computers with monitors 
from $299.00. Compaq, 19M, NEC. 
Intemet world PCS. 619-690-2168. 
www.tijuanapc.com. (3111-4/8) 
Macintosh LC II with new Color 
Stylewriter, new 28.8 K modem, new 

. ethemet card, etc. $300 obo. Call 
Tier 0 453-7004. (4/8-12 
Moving- need fast sell! Couch with 2 
recliners & Lazy Boy recliner chair,S 
years old. $565/Best for both. (4/8-
15) 

~ ANT E D 
Caucasian Research subjects 
reimbursed for interview. I! you are a 
UCSD student, 21-25, call 552-8585 
x4185 for more information. (1/11-61 
3) 
Volunteers paid $30.00 for Interview. 
If you are entirely of Japanese or 
Korean descent, age 21 -25, call 552-
8585 x 2182. (117-6/3) 
Jewish Research subjects 
reimbursed for interview. I! you are a 
UCSD student, 21-25, call 552-8585 

Japanese preferred. Financially 
rewarding. Call Tara (619)449-9497. 
(3129-4/29) 
Summer Sublet, condo, house, or 
apt. , 2 or 3 bedroom, UTC or La Jolla 
area, responsible, professional. 
(760) 353-8861 . (4/1-28) 
Egg Donors needed . Healthy , 
intelligent, attractive, responsible 
women (ages 18-30 yrs) to assist 
childless couples . Compensation· 
$3,000. Call 800-711-2442. (4/1-12) 
GERMAN native speakers paid $10 
for 30 min. reaction time experiment. 
Please contact Vikki at 534-8816 
(vbouckOpsy.ucsd.edu) for details. 
(4/5-22) 
WANTED : 3 BEDROOM 
APARTMENT, CONDO , OR 
TOWNHOUSE TO RENT OR 
LEASE IN,SEPTEMBER FOR THE 
1999-2000 SCHOOL YEAR . 
Preferably something in UCSDIUTC 
area and near bus lines. Call Melody 
or Liana at 455-7827. (4/1-6/3) 
UCSD ALLERGY STUDY: Subjects 
with current allergy symptoms to 

Travel & Make $$$ 
Teach English Abroad!!! 

ESL International offers an intensive TESL (Teaching 
English as a Second Language) Certificate program: 1 
mo. FT. 3 mo. PT, or via correspondence. Our graduates 
are working in North America an~ around the world! 
Free job placement assistance is available 
to program graduates who have 
completed a degree. 

Call Toll Free: 
1-888-872·1236 for info. 

ESL International· VOlll' Ttcket to Tf~ilchtng EngltsitAbroad
' 

7825 FaV Avenlle. Ste. 200 . La Jolla . CA 9203 ~ 

Japanese Lessons: Native speaker 
can help you with grammar, reading, 
writing, conversation, homework and 
exam preparation. Call Mayumi (619) 
460-9355. (4/8) 

>y.""~~~iif'_~~~~/,,\U~9 ~!'!:..?lF:;'J.~~!.'~~, 
:. SPRI N·G JOB FAI R ~ 
., Our big~~t job fair of the year! Get your resumes ready! { 

!II Opportunlttes for undergrads and grad students in all majors. ~ 
; Summer jobs, internships. career positions, part·time jobs. F 
~ For a list of participating employers: ~ 

~ www-csc.ucsd.edu/csc/sjf.htm ?~ Thursday, April .15 ~\ 
'~. 1 0:30am-2:30pm i~ 
~ Library Walk '~ 

G , 

~ (PC Ballroom & Rec Gym if it rains) ~ 
.. -1 JOB FAIR TUNE-UP [ 
;j Don't know how to prepare for the Spring lob Fair on April 151 F 
.,= Feel overwhelmed at job fairs? ~~ ~ Is your resume non-existent or does it need an overhaul? ~. ~ Sounds like your job fair ski lls need a tune·up! ., 
A. Come to this workshop to get great tips on how to make 

the most of your time at the Fair! :.\ ~ -I 2J! Bring your resume for a critique by an advisor. ~ 
~ ~ ~ AHend either session at the Career Services Center I 
~ Mon. April 12, 11 :30-1 pm ~ 

~ Tues. April 13, 11 :30-1 pm ~ 
~ UCSD CANflN 51.Vlets CINTI. 534·3750 : 
'l, -II' ~f~ ~!-t ~,'f'i ' ... " ,","~;~ • ~!-,J,,,~ "''-it,: 

- . ~- - ~ --- --------



18 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian Thursday, April 8, 1999 

u 
On April 3, there was only one playoff spot 

remaining in men's lacrosse Division I South. 
Whittier College, University of Arizona and 
UCLA had all claimed their rightful places in 

. the postseason and only one more team would 
have the chance to compete. It all came down 
to one last game in Tempe, Ariz.: UCSD vs. 
Arizona State University (ASU) - the winner 
would take the playoff benh. 

The game didn't fail to live up to the hype. 
In an epic battle, UCSD scored in sudden death 
overtime to squeak out a 16-15 win, clinching 
the fina) playoff spot for La Jolla's own. 

The intensity was palpable as the competi-
tors took the field for the match. 80th teams 
slarted out sluggishly, battling for possession 
in the midfield. The Sun Devils seemed to 
control the tempo, but UCSD scored first on a 
shot by Evan Oldford. UCSD goalie Sam 
Almquist obviously had his game face on -
he had 6 saves in the first quarter, keepll\g the 

I~O lead intact. 
In the second quarter, all those offemive 

turnovers began to catch up to UCSD and 
ASU scored a flurry of 4 goals. UCSD found 
the net only once in the quarter and a point-
blank save by ASU goalie Joiul Haselrot pre-
served a .~2 halftime lead for the Sun Devils. 

The second half was a complete turnaround 
from the first. A game defined by its defensive 
struggles suddenly became a scoring fest. Only 
6 goals were scored by ~h teams combined in 
the first half, but in the second half, UCSD 
alone scored 13 goals. 

The teams continued to trade goals for the 
entire half. Big scores by Ben Bristow and 
Demetrius Chapin-Rieozo helped stop ASU 
runs and kept the gam~ within reach. Witb just 
under 4 minutes to go in the game. Frank 
Lemes scored 10 bring UCSD within only one 
goal of a tied game at 12-13. Unfortunately, 
ASU would not be denied. The Sun Devils 
answered right back. and then seemingly put 
the game away with an extra-man goa\. 

A timeout was called with just under 2 
minutes remaining in the game and UCSD was 
down 15-12. Still. no one on the UCSD side-
line believed that victory would evade the 
team. The squad was about to pull off an awe-
inspiring comeback. With the season at stake, 
UCSD took .its chances with a pressure 
defense, which eventually paid off. 

Coming oul of the timeout, ASU won the 
face-off. Defensernan Michael Cummings. 
however. forced the turnover and dished the 
ball to a streaking ternes. who cut the score to 

I 
, I 

I 
I I 

15-13. ASU won possession again, but the 
pressure fo~ another turnover and Oldford 
made the Sun Devils pay - he scored ' with 
just 43 seconds left. 

ASU was still up 15-14, however, and all 
the Sun Devils had to do was waste the clock 
- but the team failed. The great pressure 
defense from UCSD once again canle up big. 
Cummings &pin forced the turnover and fired 
it to Lemes. but the fast-break was thwarted by 
an amazing play by ASU goalie Haselrot. Just 
when it seemed that UCSD's playoff hopes 
~ dasbed. Oldford dove from bebind the 
cage, putting home the tying goal with just 3 
seconds remaining. It was a bean-stopping 
play, but there was no time for celebralion. 
Sudden deadt overtime still had to be played. 
and the goalies for both sides wouldn't let the 
game and without a battle. 

In overtime, Jujra Westra won the face-off 
and UCSD had the first chance to ice the vic-
tory. After 2 shots went wide, Hasclrot turned 
the break for ASU. Now it was Almquist's 
tum to shine - he denied the Sun Devils the 
fast break and the victory. Oldford ttied to add 
to his heroics with a game-winning goal, but 

, Hasclrot made a great save. UCSD retrieved 
the ball and set up the offense. This time, the 
team would not be denied. After 2 shots and a 
mad scramble for the ball, Westra set off a 
wild celebration by finding the back of the 
net. UCSD had stunned the Sun Devils in 
overtime and on their home turf, and the team 
is now looking forward to the playoffs. 

For the game, Oldford tallied 6 goals and 3 
assists while Lemes scored 4. Westra's game-
winning goal was his third to go along with I 
assist. Def~semen Cummings, Rotter and 
Mello all gave great efforts. as did goalie 
Almquist. 

UCSD's playoff premiere will be against 
No. I ranked Whittier College next week in 
tho first round of the playoffs. 

- Jake Gordon 

When the score is 26-0 in UCSD's favor, 
it seems thai Triton players and fans should-
n't have much to complain about. But as the 
defending national champion, the UCSD 
men's rugby team didn't always play its best 
against Pepperdine University last S-",rday. 
The game was the last regular season match 
of the year, and a chance to prepare for next 
Saturday's Southern California RFU 
Division U playoffs. That game will · be 
against a tough Westmont leam. aod the 
UCSD ruggers did their best to work out aU 
of their last-minute kinks agailllt 
Pepperdinc. 

Five minutes into the match. f1yhalf Andy 
"Worm" Wilsa scored on a quick tap penalty. 
Scrumhalf Giac Consiglieri added the conver-
sion to give UCSD an early lead that it never 
relinquished. With Pepperdine thoroughly 
demoralized, UCSD controlled possession for 
much of the first half, yet had little to show for 
it on the scoreboard. Finally, winger Ward 
Wilsley freed himself from the pack and fired 
a pass to flanker Shaun Cho. Cho then dished 
off to Brian Kennedy, who scampered in for 
the try. The conversion gave UCSD a I ~point 
lead at halftime. 

In the second half, UCSD continued to 
control possession but still had trouble fin-
ishing its drives with scores. At the 15 
minute mark, lock Anthony "Pretty Tony" 
Amerio crashed his way through 
Pepperdine's defense in an attempt at a 19-0 
UCSD lead. 

Unable to score the conversion, UCSD put 
the nail in the cotTm at··the 30 minute mark 
when flanker Adam Huffman stole a 
Pepperdine pass and breezed in for the try. 
The conversion ended the scoring at 26-0, but 
the dominat!on was much greater than that. 
Many on the UCSD sideline said they felt that 
the score should have been higher. including 
Head Coach Shammas Brown. 

'" think we were a little rusty coming off 
our break. and that was the main reason for 
not finishing most of our attacks with scores," 
Brown said. "We'll go to work this week in 
training to prepare us for playoffs next 
week." 

If they gel a win over Westmont this week-
end, UCSD will face the winner of Claremont 
vs. UNLV in the RFU Championship game. 
The winner of that match will then go on to 
Nationals in New York where UCSD will be 
able to defend its National title. 

- Jake Gardon 

VOLLEY: 
usc loss still helps 
TritOns playoff plans 
Continued from ..... 20 
followed by a kill by Hite put the 
Tritons back in the match, but that 
was as clo e as UCSD came to 
winning. USC then scored 6 points 
consecutively, finishing the Tritons . 
off by a score of 15-7. 

Both teams hit well in the third 
game. The Tritons had 19 ki lis and 
tallied only 2 hilling errors, while 
the Trojans totaled 31 kills and 7 
hilling errors. 

From UCSD's point of view, 
however, game four was very 
ugly. A combination of poor hit -
ting and bad defense allowed the 
Trojans to dominate play from 
beginning to end. Before the audi -
ence even blinked, the game was 
over and USC had shut the Tritons 
out 15-0. 

UCSD hit poor.ly in the fourth 
game, totaling 10 kills and 8 hilling 
errors. The biggest problem, how-
ever, was that UCSD allowed the 
Trojans to have their way on 
offense. USC totaled 18 kills and 
only I hilling error, accompanied 
by an astounding .850 hilling per-
centage. 

"We didn't fold in the fourth 
game, we just didn 't do the lillie 
things that you need to do," Hite 
said. "Our passing was off and we 
didn't put up much of a block, and 
it is hard when you don't do those 
little things." 

In the last match, the Tritons 
were led on offense by Devon 
Jeffcoat, who had 14 kills and only 
4 hilling errors. Seller Kurt 
Seckington chipped in with 5 kills, 
o hiuing error and 50 assists. 

Despite spolly play at times, the 
Tritons said that they improved 
their chances of being chosen for 
the NCAA tournament with this 
strong showing against the No. 10 
team in the nation. 

The Tritons get a week to 
recover from the loss before they 
host San Diego State University at 
RJMAC Arena next Tuesday: On 
the following Saturday, the 
Tritons will finish the regular sea-
son against powerhouse Long 
Beach State University. If the 
Tritons can somehow pull of vic-
tories in one of these two games, 
their playoff hopes should be real-
ized. 

GIVE US TIME TO REPAY 
YOUR LOAN. 

After just three years in the 
Army, your college loans could 
be a thing of the past. 

Under the Army's Loan 
Repayment program, each year 
you serve on active duty 
reduces your indebtedness by 
one-third or $1,500, whichever 
amount is greater, up to a 
$65,000 limit. 

This offer applies to Perkins Loans, Stafford Loans and 
certain other federally insured loans which are not in 
default. 

And this is just the first of many benefits the Army will 
give you. Get the whole story from your Army Recruiter. 

619·488·1781 
ARMY. II ALL YOU CAN IE.® 

www.goarmy.com 

Thursday, April 8, 1999 The UCSD Guardian 

Julius Chol/Guardian 
Hustle: Triton second baseman Kenny Auharty dives into home in UCSO's 11-8 victory over La Verne. 

Speech by Coach Yields Win 
YELL: Head Coach O'Brien inspires his team to a come-from-behind victory 
By BrIan Welles 
Staff Writer 

One cou ld highlight several 
major victories over the course of 
the great swinging pendulum that 
has been the Tritons' baseball sea-
son. Often UCSD seemed like it 
was on the verge of gelling the ball 
rolling and going on a significant 
winning streak. In yesterday's 
come-from-behind 11-8 victory 
over the University of La Verne 
Leopards. the Tritons took a sizable 

leap toward establishing them-
selves as a winner. 

Trailing 8-3 going into the bot-
tom of the fourth, Dan O'Brien 
huddled his players together in 
front of the Triton dugout to give 
his ballclub a piece of his mind in 
emphatic fashion . His act was per-
haps motivated by the fact that 
dusk was quickly apP!oaching on 
UCSD's playoff hopes.lf the team 
couldn't pull out this game, it 
chances of a playoff spot were 

slim. This was not just another 
spiel by the head coach to pump hi s 
team up after gelling roughed up 
for two more runs in the top of the 
fourth, but rather a general's order 
to his troops to simply fight. 

"That was the most important 
part of the ball game," O'Brie I . 
said. "We talked about just balliing. 
Tum off the scoreboard. Forget the 
scoreboard. Just go out and battle." 

The response was almost imme-
diate. Eric Schramm, who has been 

truggling at the plate this season, 
stepped up and belted a pitch over 
the left center field wall. 

"We were a different team after 
Schramm hit that homerun," 
O'Brien said. 

From then on, the Tritons ham-
mered away at Leopard pitching. 
Jess Warrington followed the solo 
shot with a double and Mall 
Merrifield eventually singled him 
home to make the score 8-5 at the 
end of fourth . In the fifth , 
back-to-back doubles by 
Chad Addison and Eric 
Thorpe boosted the 
score 8-6. La Verne 
starter Mall Johnson 
was pulled and replaced 
by Kyle Spielbuehler. 

UCSD spared no hesi tation in 
shellacking the reliever by scoring 
five more runs - four coming in 
the bOllom of the eighth. After nar-
rowing the Leopard deficit to one 
run with the score 8-7, the Tritons 
tied the game and took the lead 
after Ryan Hill reached on an error, 
Addison singled to center, and big 
first baseman Thorpe pounded a 
double to drive them both home. 
Thorpe, who was 3 fOl 5 with 4 
RBIs commented on his at-bat after 
the game. 

"'I could tell [John on] was get-
ting tired and I knew he was proba-
bly going to leave something up," 
Thorpe said. "'So I was just waiting 
for something high and he gave it 

SPORTS 19 

to me." 
The Tritons went on to score 

two more runs in that inning after 
Rampi Gulati came in to pinch-run 
for Thorpe and designated hitter 
Steve Pelletier singled him homc. 
Schramm put some icing on his 
afternoon heroics with an infield 
single - thereby complet ing the 
UCSD digestion of another La 
Verne pitcher as Spielbuehler was 
yanked from the game. 

The next victim was 
Ryan Christoph who gave 

up an RBI si ngle to 
Warrington later in the 
inning, and after the 
fat lady had sung at thc 

end of nine, the Tritons 
had succeeded in changi ng 

O' Brien's Braveheart-like message 
to his club - instead of "turning 
off' the scoreboard, the Tritons had 
lit it up for II runs and 16 hilS. 

Brian Hinson entered the con-
test in the top of the eighth and 
hurled two near-perfect innings 
with 2 strikeouts to give UCSD its 
second win in a row and himself a 
2-0 record. 

Overall , the Tritons had a big 
collective effort offensively with 
Merrifield, Addison, Thorpe and 
Schramm getting four hits apiece. 
The Tritons will now hit the road 
for three games over the next five 
days. The team will begin its trip 
tomorrow at Point Lorna against 
the Crusaders at3 p.m. 

Tritons Can Find No Rebirth in Phoenix W TENNIS: 11-0 record spoiled 
on Arizona road trip 
ContInued from paC. 20 
match I've ever seen her play," 
laPlante said. "She was down 6-2 
in the first set tiebreak and still 
won. It was a great win for her and 
the team." 

TOUGH: Arizona can't help struggling UCSD, who falls to both Trinity (TX) and Gustavus Adolphus (MN) 
By John Maynard 
Sports Editor 

When it rains, it pours, and the 
Tritons have been feeling the brunt 
of the storm lately. 

The UCSD men's tennis team 
has had a tough time surviving the 
storms throughout the past month, 
suffering losses in six of its last 
seven matches. Most recently, 
Head Coach Eric Steidlmayer's 
boys lost consecutive matches to 
Gustavus Adolphus College and 
Trinity University, both of which 
were played on the road in 
Arizona. These two losses drop 
the Tritons' record to 3-11 for the 
season. 

During Spring Break, UCSD 
lost three matches, including a cru-
cial match with Pomona College. 

Steidlmayer said the Pomona 
loss eliminated postseason hopes, 
but that the squad had put spring 
break disappointments aside, and 
hoped that the Arizona trip would 

jumpstart the remaining month of 
the season. 

The Tritons knew that this par-
ticular trip would be a challenge, 
however' - both Trinity and 
Gustavus are ranked in the top ten 
nationally. But UCSD was 
nonetheless hopeful - the 
team has several talent-
ed players that 
have proved their 
ability to play at 
the Trinity and 
Gustavus level. 

The results did not pan 
out as the Tritons wished, however, 
and rather than returning to San 
Diego with a pair of satisfying wins, . 
the Tritons came horne with two 
losses. 

The Tritons faced Gustavus 
College in the tirst of two matches 
in the Grand Canyon State. The 
April 3 matchup was played 
almost exactly one year after the 
two schools' previous matchup. 

EATING DISORDER 
Day Treatment Program 

This unique, comprehensive program 
offers a multidisciplinary team 

that includes a psychologist. physician, 
psychiatrist. dietician , activity therapist, 

movement and art therapist, marriage 
and family therapist, certified fitness 

trainer and a yoga specialist. 

We are able to accomodate treatment to 
suit your school needs. 

For information, enrollment and seminar schedule, 
contact Program Founder Dr. Divya Kakaiya 

~.a/I~ 4510 Executive Drive, #102 
~ San Diego, CA 92121 ~Jd ~:';~~:=?:21 

Gustavos took the win in that 
match, and thus this year's ,"atch 
carried even more clout for the 
Tritons. But it wasn ' t to be, and 
Gustavos took the match, 2-5. 

No.2 and NO.3 singles players 
Mike Rosell and Ping Yeh were 

the only team members to 
record individual wins for 

UCSD. Yeh won in 
three sets, 6-3, 3·6, 6-
I. It also took Rosell 

three sets to take care of 
his opponent, 3-6,7-6,6-3. 
Rosell's day did not end 

there, however - he teamed up 
with No. I singles player Steve 
Shabel in the No. I doubles slot and 
recorded the team's only doubles 

. win of the match. The duo downed 
Gustavus' Dussault and Mall 
Lundmark, 9-8. Shabel 's doubles 
win was also an avenge for his ear-
lier singles loss to Lundmark. 
Although Lundmark beat Shabel in 
straight sets 4·6, 3-6, it was only 

G o 

the founh singles match the senior 
has lost all season. 

Steidl mayer's team picked up 
the pieces on Sunday to make a 
run at Trinity University. The 
Tritons played Trinity last year, as 
well, and lost, 1-6. Unfortunately, 

UC~D fell short in this year's duel 
as well , dropping all but two sin· 
gles matches and losing the dou-
bles point for a tinal tally of 2-5. 
The Shabel-Rosell duo continued 
its strong playas the pair went on 
to beat its Trinity counterparts, 9-
8. Shabel also won his singles 
match 6-4, 6-3 . The other UCSD 
singles match win came from No. 
6 Brian Crain. Crain won in three 
sets, 6-4, 4-6, 7-5. 

" It was pretty disappointing to 
I.ose, but when your guys played 
well, you c::n' t complain," 
Steidl mayer said. 

Next up for the Tritons is the 
Ojai Tournament scheduled for the 
weekend of April 23-25. 

R D I 

Gunther was involved in a 
marathon match similar to Ngyen 's 
and her own match against Trinity. 
She survived the ordeal 4-6, 6-2, 6-4. 

Becky Jones had a chance to 
give th\! Tritons the win but could 
quite get the victory, losi ng 6-2, 7-
5. Head Coach laPlante had noth-
ing but praise for Jones who battled 
back from 5-2 to knot the second 
set at 5-5. Some lucky net court 
points gave the match and the vic-
tory to Gustavus. 

Despite the 0-2 road trip, the 
resi liency of LaPlante's squad h~s 
to be appreciated. The Tritons play 
Pomona-Pitzer here at UCSD on 
Friday at 3 p.m. With a win, the 
team will solidify its position as a 
team bound for Nationals. 

A N 
TH~GBffONDB~OND 
IN SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA 

Challenging Environment 
Exciting R&D Projects 

You could be a GORDIAN Engineer! 
Talmud comput" and ekmica[ tngin«rS should p14n now to get 

aC'INilinua with GORDlAN during our visit to your campus. 
Apri/19, 1999, Priu c",ur (Sp",-7p111) 

So,. &trHrw/1M A"pia R_ 

Cbttlt /IS II1II toJ4y /It: www.gordian.com 
1"t:mstN? E-ttWI /IS ruN: rcauit@sordian.com 

GORDIAN II 
----20361 Irvint Avenut • Santa Ana Htights , CA 92707 

.. 

-



20 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian Thursday, April 8, 1999 

"Mffe.In y_ wute 
". IIIM:ut ". A. •• 
,.,...,.",." 

~~iliIJ..;,..~ - seen on banners flying In 
the Old Student Center PORTS 

Reality 
Check 
Bill Burger 
Padre Fans, It's 
the Dodgers Now 

OK Padres fans, it is time to 
stand up and be noticed. Last 
year this ci ty was awash with 
Padre fever for over a month as 
the Padres marched to a berth in 
the World Series. I had to quiet-
ly watch the games, wishing 
that my Dodgers were more 
competitive, while the Padres 
repeatedly punked Los Angeles 
throughout the year. 
. I made my grief well known 
to many of you. In turn, quite a 
few people had a great deal of 
fun at my expense by poking 
fun at the Dodgers' ineptness. 
Even though many people ques-
tioned Padres fans' true baseball 
knowledge, you didn ' t hear any 
of that talk from me. 

Well now it i~ my turn to 
revel! The Dodgers are making 
a beeline to the World Series 
and the Padres are nothing but a 
bunch of bottom dwellers in the 

ational League West. ow I 
don't hate the Padres (all my 
ba eball hatred is focused at the 
San Francisco Giants), so I also 
fee l the pain of San Diego's fall 
from dominance. The loss of 
Kevi n Brown, Greg Vaughn , 
Steve Finley and Ken Caminiti 
(sorry ladies) wi ll certainly hurt 
the Padres' chances of winning 
immediately. But they st ill have 
a good up-and-coming team. 

With the exception of 
Vaughn , all the lost players 
were replaced with rising stars 
(Ryan Clement on the mound, 
George Arias at third and Ruben 
Ri vera in centerfield), so I don' t 
want to see Padres fans go soft-
ly into the night. Don 't prove 
those critics right who said that 
last year 's San Diego uproar 
was nothing more than a band-
wagon effect. 1 didn ' t ca ll out 
your true intentions last year, so 
don ' t make me sorry this year. 

That said, while you Padres 
fans are suffering through a 
painful - but hopefully brief 
- rebuilding process, 1 will be 
having a great time watching 
the Dodgers crui se to a National 
League West crown and to a 
World Series Championship. 
Despite those of you who con-
tinue to talk up the Giants and 
Rockies, the regu lar season 
should be nothing more than an 
extended set of exhibition 
games for the Dodgers. Nobody 
in the west will be ab le to keep 
up with them. 

They say that sports are 
unpred ictable, and that is why 
games are played. One thing 
that is certain is that the 
Dodgers are good and the 
Padres are not. But don ' t whim-
per or pout or become apathetic, 
the Padres will be good agai n 
soon enough. You just have to 
live through the growing pains 
like Dodgers fans did last year. 

Stau~in=---' _ 
Alive 

1-2 on their last 
road trip) UCSDJs 
excellent play in a four game loss to 
usc keeps the 
Triton Js playoff 
hopes intact. 

Usa Huff/ Guardian 
Eat This': Senior James Miyamota smacks a kill over a hapless 
USC blocker. UCSO's Strong showing helped their playoff hopes. 

• IEIIDNillJ APRIL 6 VS. USC ' • 
1 2 3 .. 

we 1861815 
uc ... ",.., 10 15 7 0 

Kurt 5ec1d'."'1: 51d#1" 0 IiIttItW emJtS. !I() ...,,,. 
Devon Jeffcoat: 14 kills, only 4 hitting errors 

By Bill Burger 
Senior Staff Writer 

The volleyball season is coming 
to the end and with every match the 
playoff selections are becoming 
clearer. After a northern California 
road trip April 2-4 that resulted in a 
win against Division III rival UC 
Santa Cruz but losses to Division I 
powers Stanford University and 
University of the Pacific (UOP), 
the Tritons were on shaky ground. 

The match in Palo Alto yielded 
a disappointing 7-15, 3- 15, 5-15 
loss. While the match against UOP 
was closer, the Tritons sti II fell in 
three games, 12- 15, 7-15, 9- 15. 

The Tritons' 15-6, 15- 12, 15-2 
victory against the Slugs was defi-
nitely crucial, but they needed a 
strong showing against the 
University of Southern California 
(USC) on Tuesday to help solidify 
a bid to the tournament. The pres-
ence of two members of the tourna-
ment 's selection board in the stands 
made the match against the Trojans 
even more crucial to the . Tritons' 
future. 

In the match, the Tritons pro-
duced Ilashes of bri lIiance, but also 
of inconsistency. In the end, the 
team fell to the Trojans in four 
games, 10-15, 15-6,7- 15, 0-15, but 
showed that it was capable of com-
peting at the highest level of com-
petition. Suffice to say, the scouts 
were impressed. 

Game one got off to a rocky 
start, as the Trojan setter Donald 
Suxho served back-to-back aces. 
He followed that up with another 
big serve for a point to put USC up 
3-0. The Tritons refused to retreat 
without a battle, however, and 
fought back to tie the score at eight 
on a big kill by outside hitter Ben 
Vernon. 

Unfortunately for the Tritons, 

another big ace by Suxho put the 
Trojans up for good - USC went 
on to put the Tritons away IS- lOin 
the first game. The determining 
factor in the first game lay in the 
two teams' hitting; the Tritons had 
14 kills and II hitting errors, while 
the Trojans had 18 kills and only 5 
hitting errors. 

Down one game to none, UCSD 
had its back against the wall and 
had to respond with a win of its 
own. On its own home Ooor and 
with the playoffs at stake, the team 
banded together and made game 
two against USC the best game the 
Tritons have played all year. The 
score was 3-2 when the Tritons tal-
lied 9 straight points to essentially 
put the Trojans out of the game for 
good. The rally included back-to-
back service aces for o'!wcomer 
Donald Chen and a big kill by out-
side hitter Zack Hite that fini shed 
the scoring run . 

"I think the big difference in 
that game is we didn ' t slart off 
down ," said Hite of his team's per-
formance in game two. "We gOl 
started early and then the momen-
tum just kept us going." 

The Trojans put up only a nom-
inal fight for the rest of the game as 
the Tritons cruised to a 15-6 victo-
ry to even the match at one game. 
The UCSD offense was sizzling in 
the second game, compiling 15 
kills and only 3 hitting errors, while 
the Trojans fell off their game one 
pace, totaling 17 kills and II hit-
ti ng errors . 

Game three looked as though it 
was going to be a fight to the tinish 
- both teams were playing well 
and putting the ball away. The 
score was tied at 4 before the 
Trojans went on a 3-point ·run. A 
block by Vernon and Bill Sinclair 

See VOIJ.2Y, Page 18 

Arizona Not as Hospitable as Expected 
WEATHER: Rain and wind hurt Tritons in tough losses to Trinity (TX) and Gustavus Adolphus (MN) 
By Jake Gordon 
Sports Editor 

On a road trip to Arizona, it 
would ligure that the days would 
be filled with hot and sunny weath-
er in the desert . Yet last weekend, 
the UCSD women's tennis team 
found out thal sometimes the desert 
can be a very cold place. The 
Tritons traveled to Glendale, Ariz. 
on the same weekend lhat saw 
snow tlurries in Scottsdale. Safe to 
say, the weather was not conducive 
to good tennis. To top it off, UCSD 
had to play two tough teams from 
Trinity University (Texas) and 
Gustavus Aldolphus (Minn.). The 
weather and the competition 

proved too much for the Tritons 
and they dropped both matches 8- I 
and 5-4, respectively. Undefeated 
this season al 11-0, UCSD was dis-
appointed but not surprised 
hy the result . 

.. \ wa~ only disap-
pointed that ·we 
couldn ' t win a 
doubles match this 
weekend," Head Coach 
Liz LaPlante said. "Doubles 
has been killing us." 

Their lack of good doubles play 
certainly killed them this weekend. 
In collegiate tennis competition, 
the prosets of doubles come first 
and UCSD has almost always start-

ed si ngles behind. The game 
against Trinity was no different. 
The Tritons dropped all three 
matches by the scores of 8-4, 8-6 

and 9-7. UCSD was leading 
in all three, but let 

down and lost. The 
ironic thi rig is 
that UCSD is as 
good at singles as 

it is bad at doubles. The 
team has been coming back 

in matches all year and blowing 
opponents away. Against Trinity, 
only No. 3 Lyndsay Tadlock won, 
but No. 5 Rachel Gunthar had a 
very long three set match, which 
she lo~t 2-6, 7-5, 6-3. It was 

Gunthar's first singles loss of the 
season. 

The loss to a very tough Trinity 
squad was perhaps expected, but 
the Tritons hoped to rebound 
against another tough squad in 
Gustavus Adolphus, which finished 
third in the nation last year. They 
came up just short. 

After being blown away in dou-
bles 8-3, 8-1, 8-1 , UCSD did what 
it does best: come from behind. No. 
I Kirsten Olsen won easily 6-4, 6-

1, while Maria Nguyen prevailed in 
a three set battle 7-6,2-6, 6-4. 

"Maria's match against 
Gustavus was probably the best 

See W ....... , Page 19 


