
Elsewhere 
Profs Develop 
VI .... ~ISpra' 
LEXINGTON, Ky. - Two 
University of Kentucky pro-
fessors, Lewis Dillert and 
Anwar Hussain. have devel-
oped a fa~ter-acting version of 
Viagra by making the com-
pound soluble and administer-
ing it as a na~al spray. Dillert 
said lhat a common complaint 
of Viagra users is that it takes 
a long time to begin working. 
Dillert said a nasally adminis-
tered Viagra would lake 10 to 
15 minutes to hegin working, 
wherea~ the pill can take up 
to one hour. Dillert said they 
are looking for a sponsor to 
fund their future work or huy 
their information. 

- Kefllllcky Kernel 

Students Can 
VoIunt .. r For Mlle. 
BOSTON, Mass. - United 
Airlines, through a program 
called College Plus 
VolunteerMiles, is offering 
students the chance 10 earn 
frequent flyer miles in 
exchange for volunteer 
hours. Students can earn 
5,000 frequent-flyer miles hy 
volunteering for fifty hours 
at one of six organizations, 
including Hahitat for 
Humanity, Special Olympics 
and the Make-A-Wish 
Foundation. Beu Schers of 
Heller Travel in Boston said 
thal passengers must fly 
40,000 to 60,000 miles in . 
order 10 earn a free ticket. 

- The Daily Free Press 

Report FInds Tenn. 
ScIIooIs Mediocre 
CHATfANOOGA, Tenn. -
A draft report from a gover-
nor-appointed panel stated 
that Tennessee's public col-
leges and universities are 
underfunded, poorly orga-
nized and of mediocre quali-
ly compared to public 
schools in other states. In 
order to combat this adverse 
situation, the report states 
that Tennessee should try to 
increase the number of schol-
arships. raise the pay of 
selected faculty and add 30 
new Chairman of Excellence 
posts to auract nationally 
known faculty. Officials at 
the University of Tennessee 
at Challanooga (UTC) said 
that the schools are not 
mediocre because UTC has 
found ways to achieve excel-
lence despite limited funds . 

- The University Echo 

Save Dave! 
Mens' B-hall Friday at 
7 p.m. in RIMAe Arena 

Da,12 

Spoken ••• 
"The goals and 
principals that Dr. 
King expressed are 
goals we should all 
support and sustain. " 

- JoMpII WMaon 
VIce Chancellor. 

Academic Affairs 
See story at right 

Internet: _.ucsd.edu/,uIll'dIBII 
E-mllil: /lU1II'di~.edu 

Room and Board Dismembered Thre •••• ! ~ 
Hostels provide an inexpensive Even though the Padres Three-pointers are a big ~ 
alternative to hotels, and are abundant disbanded, San Diegans part of the game for both en 
throughout the United States and Canada should keep the faith men:s and women:5 hfx)ps 1&1 ::::» Features, page 7 Opinion, page 4 Sports, page 16 ~ 

, 

UCSAN DIEGO 

H E U C 5 

TUESDAY, JANUARY 19, 1999 

LET FREEDOM RING ... 

fJucaff onJ!f f(inri pIe i nsfTlWtCi.(ln 
awiening the child to CUllttiOI vnkt .. WJt/in 

he~ing a~u5t norma,~ ~ rile ~nvironrnerr" 
r \ ' f){ 'v 

• \J,k.. fl I [/' 

D 

VOLUME 96, ISSUE 5 

Jill Donofrio/ Guardian Pr.., ... : Warren college students join with peers from other colleges to walk in the parade commemorating Martin Luther King Jr. 
Day. This is the tenth year that UCSD has participated in the march and the first year that UCSD has had a float. 

UCSD Marches in Memory of Martin Luther King Jr. 
PARADE: Students, staff, and 
faculty participated in the 
commemoration of the civil 
rights leader and activist 
By VIncent Oracnanl 
Senior Staff Writer 

Students representing all live colleges and 
various student organizations participated on 
Saturday in San Diego 's 19th Annual Martin 
Luther King Jr. parade on Saturday. Marking 
the tenth year of its participation. UCSD's 
lheme for the parade was "Freedom Through 
Education." 

Vice Chancellor of Student Affairs Joseph 
Watson participated in the parade, along with 
other administrators. Watson said that he 
allended the event because he fell that King's 
message of justice and equality is still impor-

tant in our society loday. 
"The goals and principals that Dr. King 

expressed arc goals we should all support and 
sustain," Watson said. 

Watson added that UCSO's participalion in 
the evenlS said a lot about UCSD's commit-
ment 10 improving socielY. 

"" is not on ly an abSlraCI principal. bUI a 
rel1ection of UCSD's commitment and interest 
in heing part of socielY and improving sOl:iely 
to be sure everyone has equal opportunily." 
Watson said. 

Newly appointed Assislant Vice 
Chancellor of Siudent Educational 
Advancement Loren Thompson walked with 
Watson in the parade. Thompson said he 
admired King's ideals and Ihal he believes 
King made important conlribulions to our 
so!-=iety. 

"Martin Luther King is a symbol of equal-

ity and the fact that we have 10 work 10 assure 
qualilY of access in the world," Thompson 
said. "He is as important in Ihe history of Ihis 
country as Thomas Jefferson." 

Albert Lee. the coordinalor of studenl 
al:livities at Marshall College, worked with 
cullural organizations at each of the five col-
leges to build the UCSD 110at. Lee said that it 
was important for UCSD to participate in the 
p,uade. 

"".'s the responsibility of the university In 
do outreach in the community," Lee said. "" 's 
a great way to remember the greatness of 
Martin Luther King." 

Lee, who has allended the parade for sev-
eral years both as a studenl and as a sludenl 
aClivilies coordinator, said Ihal the parlicipa-
tion from UCSD Increases eal:h year. 

"This is the first year we actually had a 
See KING, Page 3 

Leventhal and Ru Propose New A.S. Council Constitution, Bylaws 
POUCY: If passed, plan will change entire structure of A.S. Council as well as students' voting rights 
By Vincent Oracnenl 
Senior Staff Writer 

A.S. President Joe Leventhal 
and Vice President Finance Pat Ru 
unveiled a new A.S. Constilution 
and Bylaws before the A.S. Council 
last Wednesday night .. 

1be new constitution and bylaws 
divide what is now known as the 
Associated Students Council into a 
legislative branch. consisting of 30 
senators. and an executive branch. 
consisting of four executives and 15 

\:abinet members. Council meetings 
would essentially become senate 
meetings where only senators could 
vote. Under the new constitution 
and bylaws. exe\:utives and cabinet 
members would run the day-to-day 
activities of A.S. Council and also 
serve as ex-officio, non-voting 
members of the senate. 

Leventhal said that the change is 
necessary because under the cur-
rent constitution and bylaws, lhere 
is no Clear division between the 

branches of government. 
"Under the way we \:urrently 

operate, we' re a hybrid organiza-
tion," Leventhal said. "It is impor-
tant to dearly delineate the two 
branches." 

The 15-member cabinet would 
replace the c.urrent commissioners. 
who are elected by the students, as 
well as current appointed positions. 
Under the new bylaws. all cabinet 
members would be appoinled by the 
president and approved by the senate. 

Each cabinet member would 
serve within the office of one of the 
executives. 

Under the old system, individuals 
were elected to offices, even though 
many belonged lo slates. The new 
bylaws state that the four executives 
must be elecled as a single licket. 

Leventhal, who was elected to 
office as an independenl. says he 
supports the proposed system 
because it prevents gridlock wilhin 

See A. •• , Page 3 



2 NEWS 

Uver Cancer Takes 
Ufe of 'Flower Lady' 
OBITUARY: Crafts Center Director Carlson calls 
Aurora Evora a 'campus icon' who will be missed 

Aurora Evora, UCSD's "Flower 
Lady," died last Wedne~day after a 
hout with li ver cancer. Evora was 
well -known throughout the campus 
as the woman who sold flowers 

tion . 
"She always liked to Ix: known 

as the flower lady," Carlson said. 
Assistant Director of Student 

Activities and Government Randy 
from her can out-
side of the Main 
Gym for the last 16 
years. 

Some or her 
campus clients 
included The Grove 
Caffe and the UCSD 
Craft , Center. 

"She would 
constantly 
have food and 
barbecues, and 
she would 
celebrate 

Woodard also said 
that Evora had a 
unique role on cam-
pus and was well-
liked. 

"She's going to 
be missed," he said. 
"She was a good 
friend ." 

Crafts Center 
Director Ron 
Carl son said that 
Evora was liked by 
many 'people on 
campus. 

"She was a cam-
pus icon," Carlson 
,aid. "She was here 
so long and meant 
so much to so many 
people." 

students' 
birthdays. She 
was such a 
dell~. She 
always liked to 
be known a. 
the flower 
lady." 

Woodard al so 
said that Evora 's 
importance to the 
campus community 
helped to keep her 
on the campus for 
so many years. As a 
result of campus 
effort s to have 
Evora move her 
cart off-campus, 
the A.S . Council 
signed a contract 
with her in 1984 to 

Carlson also said 
that Evora would 

- Ron Cartson 
Crafts Center Oirector 

often give flowers to students free 
of charge. 

"She would constantly have 
food and harbecues, and she would 
celebrate students ' birthdays," 
Carlson said. "She was such a 
delight. ·· 

Carlson also said that Evora 
favored the nickname given to her 
hy lhe general campus popula-

make her business an A.S . enter-
prise. This position enabled Evora 
to remain on campus and sell 
flowers to many people and orga-
nizations. 

"She was as much an institution 
as she was anything." he said. 

A memorial service was held on 
Monday. Jan. 19 at EI Camino 
Memorial Park. 

Aurora, tba"k YOII for the flowers, the Old Student 
Cellter wo,,'t be tbe same withollt you. 

C() IIc/O/(! IlU!S call h(! sellt to ./ClI l ie f;I 'o ra. at 8080 KeilOl 'a. 
A I 'elll/ C.', Sa il f)ie,~(), CaW, 92126. 

GUARDIAN 
WALT DICKINSON 

E,Mor In Chiel 
JUUA KULLA·MADER • MEGAN SMITH 

MUlwgmg F.·chlors 
TABITHA GRANSHAW • LAURA KNIGHTEN 

Copy f;ditor., 
LEENA SHANKAR. ERIKA SNIDER 

NftU's Edi tors 
JESSICA SCHEPPMANN 

f 'euture., Editor 
MARC COMER 
Opinion Ed,tor 
JEFF BARKER 

,I.ls<X.·iute OpllllOn E,hlor 
JAKE GORDON. JOHN MAYNARD 

S,rorts F.·,hI"rs 

TRAVIS HILL 
A<socwte _\i JOrts Editor 

LINDSAY SWORSKI 
IllUtus t'ditor 

DAVID LEE 
A<sociate Hiatus Editor 

DAVE LUBITZ 
Ph oto Editor 
USA HUFF 

AtfOciute Photo /:;ditor 
JOHN BARBER 

Graphics Edllor 
NICK RUNCO 
(ks~ql1 Editor 

SENIOR STAFF WRITERS 
John Barber, Genevlt!ve CO'll Vincent Gragnanl. Mary HI('.g.lOs. Laura KllIghten. 

Dave lubltz. Annam MAnthlram. Jenny NIChOlson Mark Sflllth. Scott Yager 
STAFF WRITERS 

BIU Burger. Kar. Fuedm8n, Nllou Mostoft , Christine Pangan. jacob Schechter, Eve Senuty 
ILLUSTRATORS 

MIke Behe. Knstlne Chang, AUStin HSla. Alice Lin . Josephine Rober ts. Nicholas Runco 
DESIGNEAS ChriS Moran. Karen Tran, Thomas 'Neng 

WE.MASTER Brian Wlkner 
COMPUTER SUPPORT DaVid Glicksman 

MIKE MARTINEZ 
Adver tlsln.'1 Art Direc/or 

ANN BAREFIELD 
IJu.l ine.,s Munuyer 

YVETTE ALCALA 
/Jusiness MunU.C/l'r 

BROCK HALTER 
Advertising Manuger 

ADVERTISING ASSIITANT Melody Gonzales 
CIRCUUnOll ASSIITA11T5 

Navld Ahpour. Jason Allen . Phillip Goldman, Ethan levy. Molly MichaeliS. Jacob Meyberg 
ADVERTISINO DlSION • LAYOUT John Barber Karl FrIedman. Casey Bunenhu),s 

The UCSD Guard/an IS PUbhshetJ Mondavs and Thursdays dunng the academic vear by and for 
the students of UCSD. ReprOducuon of thIS newspaper In any form. whether In whOle Ilf In 
part, Without pernuSSlon IS stflCtly ptohlblted. 0 1999. all nghts reserved. The UCSD GuardIan 
IS not responSible for the return of unSOlicited manuscripts or aH . The ViewS ellptessed herein 
00 not necessari ly represent the opInions of The UCSD Guard/an. the UniverSity of CahfomlB or 
the ASSOCiated Students. The UCSD GuardlBtllS fUnded solety by advertiSing. 
Guarcllan News: All Vince. all the time' 

News/Features: 534 5226. General Ed,tonal: 534·6581 
Opinion/Sports: 534 658 2, H,atus: 534-6583 
AdvertiSing Office: 534-3466. Fa.: 534·1691 

email: guard,an@ucscJ.edu 
GuardIan Online hllp.l/www.ucscJ.edulguardlan/ 

UCSD Guardian, 9500 Gilman Drive 0316, 
La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 

"'ctual location: Second Floor. UCSO Student Center Bu,ldlng ...... Rm 217 

The UCSD Guardian Tuesday, January 19, 1999 

LIFE IN HELL 

BRIEFLY ••• 

Multicultural Job Fair to Be Held 
UCSO's Career Services Center, the Cross Cultural 

Center, the Student Affirmative Action Committee, the 
National Society of Black Engineers and the Society of 
Hispanic Engineers are sponsoring the eighth annual 
Multicultural Job Fair to be held on the Library Walk 
from 10:30 a.m. to 2:30 p.m on Thursday, Jan. 21. 

The fair will feature more than 80 employers who 
are looking for students to fill career poSitions and 
internships. The event is open to UCSO students of all 
majors . 

Students are invited to attend the Multicultural Job 
Fair Tune-Up Workshop to get tips on how to make the 
most of the job fair. The workshop will be held in the 
Career Services Center's Multipurpose Room todayl 
Tuesday, Jan. 19 from 11:30 a.m. to 1:30 p.m. 
Interested students should bring their resumes for a 
critique by an advisor. 

For more information on the Multicultural Job Fair or the 
workshop, go to http://Wwwcsc.ucsd.edu/csc/rrr:jf.htm 
or call 534-3750. . 

Student La .. 1 Aid Workshop to 
Be Held In Women's Center 

Student Legal Services and The Women's Center 
will be sponsoring a workshop on common legal prob-
lems today, Jan. 19 from 4 p.m. to 6 p.m. Tony 
Valladolid from Student Legal Services will give a brief 
overview of the legal field. as well as offer advice on 
Small Claims Court. filing court documents, dealing 
with collection agencies and setting up simple con-
tracts like lease agreements and wills. The seminar 
will be held in The Women 's Center at 407 University 
Center. For more information, call Student Legal 
Services at 5344374. 

Lecture on Leukemia Treatment 
to Be Held .... aIIay 

On Wednesday. Jan. 20, Thomas Kipps, a professor 
with UCSO's School of Medicine, will give a lecture on 
the subject "Gene Transplant for Leukemia Remission" 
on Wednesday, Jan. 20. He will discuss new advances 
that have been discovered for the treatment of 

leukemia, The lecture is a part of the Sam and Rose 
Stein Institute for Research on Aging Public Lecture 
Series, and will be held in Liebow Auditorium in the Basic 
Science Building at 6 p.m. The event is free and open to 
the public. For more information, call 534-6299. 

UCSD Police .,.,..tment Will 
Offer Bicycle Safety Tralnl.., 

The UCSD Police Department will be offering a 
bicycle safety training course on Wednesday, Jan. 27 
and Wednesday, April 7. The course will cover such 
topics as basic bicycle maintenance, bicycle safety 
eqUipment, defensive riding, accident prevention, 
rules of the road and riding on various terrain. 

In order to enroll in the course. students must 
know how to ride a bicycle, be in good physical condi· 
tion, have a bicycle in good working condition, com-
plete a liability waiver and wear an approved bicycle 
helmet during the riding portionS of the class. 

The fee for the course is $20 and only 20 partici· 
pants will be allowed in the class. The class will be 
held at the UCSD police Department's training facUity 
at University Center 500 from 8 a.m. to 12 p.m. 

For more information, call Greg Runge at 822· 
0245 or Sergeant Jeff Hutchison at 534-4358. 

c ... Services Center WlI Host 
Workshops This Week 

The Career Services Center will be hosting several 
-Identify Your Career In .. . " workshops this week. 
These workshops will help participants learn facts 
about specific occupations, assess their values and 
skills to determine what jobs with which they are com-
patible. 

The upcoming workshops will be held on the fo~ 
lowing topiCS: Life Sciences and Health on 
Wednesday, Jan. 20 from 2:30 to 4 p.m.; Human 
Services on Tuesday, Jan. 26 from 2:30 to 4 p.m.; 
and Arts and Communication on Wednesday, Jan. 27 
from 11:30 a.m. to 1 p.m. All workshops will be held 
in the career Services Center. For more information, 
call 534-3750 or go to http:/ ~sc.ucsd.edu. 

Tuesday, January 19, 1999 

KING: Gutierrez 
says she and others 
bring their children 
C .... u .............. 1 
n6at," Lee said. "'UCSD's panici-
pation I is getting beller and better 
every year." 

Lee credited administrators 
such as Chancellor Robert Dynes 
and Watson. as well a.~ many stu-
dent groups, for funding UCSD's 
panicipation in the event. 

A.S. President Joe Leventhal said 
that the Associated Students Council 
helped finance the event because it is 
imponant for the A.S. Council to be 
involved in community events. 

"I\'s imponant that we recog-
nize events that occur within the 
community," Leventhal said. "The 
Manin Luther King parade has 
meaning within the community. 
and it's imponant that the student 
body becomes involved in that." 

A.5.: Leventhal 
says council needs 
checks and balances 
coc .... ' ............... 1 
the A.S. Council. 

"I don't know if I would stand 
behind it hcfore being on A.S. 
[Council]." Leventhal said. "Bill 
being on A.S. [Council] as an inde-
pendent. I know that it 's really dif-
licult to pursue an agenda as an 
independent. " 

Leventhal also said that in the 
ruture. the senate candidates ' slates 
would not appear with their names 
on the ballot. 

Ru said that while the idea of 
electing the four executives on a 
single ticket does not sound good 
on paper. it will en!IUre that busi-
ness runs smoothly in A.S. Council 

"I disagree in theory because it 
limits individual rights. but in prac-
tical terms it's a reality," Ru said. 
"We know how council runs." 

Roosevelt Sophomore Senator 
Kumiko Hidaka said that she is 
opposed to the single-ticket idea 
because some slates may run 
unqualified students just to lill a 
cenain position. 

"With the lOur executives elected 
on a single ticket, it will increase the 
chances of having someone incom-
petent or not suited for the job elect-
ed into office," Hidaka said. 

UCSD GUARDIAN 
MONDAYS a 
THURSDAYS 

Revelle College Assistant Dean 
of Students Liora Kian Gutierrez 
said that UCSD's support of the 
parade is especially imponant 
becauliC UCSD is sometimes seen 
as an elitist institution. 

"This is great ror UCSD because 
we're saying to the community that 
we suppon each other and accept 
each other." Gutierrez said. 

Gutierrez said that she has been 
coming to the parade longer than 
she can remember. and that many 
stan members, including herself, 
bring their children to march in the 
parade with them. 

Marshall Sophomore Jocelyn 
Liwanag, who is the secretary for 
Marshall's Affirmative Action 
Retention Committee, said that the 
parade was truly a multi-cultural 
event. 

'" felt there were no color barri -
ers at all," Liwanag said. "1\ was 
just a tribute to a great man." 

Liwanag credited the UCSD 

Vice President External Kirk 
Matsuzaki agreed with Hidaka and 
added that executives with opposing 
ideologies could still work together. 

"As long as people are willing 
to complOmise, it will run smooth-
ly no matter what," Matsuzaki said. 

The proposed constitution also 
expands the Senate from 20 mem-
bers to 30 members. In addition to 
the four senators rrom each college, 
the proposed constitution adds live 
senators to represent students cam-
pus wide and live senators to repre-
sent student organizations. 

Muir Junior Senator Jennifer 
Lee said that live senators cannot 
adequately lobby for the 272 stu-
dent organizations on campus. Lee 
said ~tudent organizations with 
higher membership levels would 
have an unfair advantage and have 
more representation on A.S. 
Council than smaller student orga-
nizations. 

'The student organizations with 
higher membership would domi-
nate the elections," Lee said. 
·'T.fJeir interests would lie within 
their own student organization." 

Lee said that she suggested to 
the A.S. Council that they instead 
create positions to represent specif-
ic groups, such as transrer students 
or commuter students. 

Leventhal said that while some 
may rear members of larger student 
organizations will have an advan-

The UCSD Guardian 

pep hand with hringing ~pirit and 
energy to the crowds. 

''The pep bano' lotally made the 
l1oat," Liwanag said. "They got the 
crowd so hyped up. They lived up 
to that name, pep band, because 
they brought so much spirit to the 
parade." 

Muir junior Katie Lane. who 
marched in the pardde with other 
Muir students. said she left the 
event inspired. 

''The energy that you lind in 
something like this is very unique," 
Lane said. "To take some of that 
home ... makes me feel more opti-
mistic about Manin Luther King's 
dream being realized." 

Lane also said that UCSD must 
continue to panicipate in events 
like the King parade in order to 
remain a diverse institution. 

"If UCSD wants to have allY 
claims on diversity, it has to keep 
panicipating in events like this." 
Lane said. 

tage in obtaining the oflices of stu-
dent organization senator, he 
believes that because the ~enators 
are ultimately elected by the stu-
dent population, they will serve a 
broader base or students. 

"The dynamics of these posi-
tions are going to be much more 
unique than people expect them to 
be." Leventhal said. ' 'The senators 
will be representing student organi-
zations in a broad sense." 

The proposed bylaws retain the 
current commillee system. In addi-
tion to the current commillees of 
internal, finance and the Student 
Organization Funding Allocation 
Board (SOFAB), the new bylaws 
also set up an external affairs \:om-
millee to oversee the actions of the 
eltternal affairs office. 

Matsuzaki said that the pro-
posed commillee is unnecessary. 

'The establishment of an exter-
nal affairs committee is just creating 
more bureaucracy," Matsuzaki said. 

Leventhal said there needs to be 
a system of checks and balances on 
all oflices of the government. 

"Basically you have a student 
government and there needs to be 
ehecks and baiances," Leventhal said. 
"If there's going to be an extemal 
branch or the council, there needs to 
be a check on that. They should have 
no problem having a commillee to 
review what they are working on and 

See A.S., Page 6 

NEWS 3 

~ ~ -. 
raffle School 1ft) Go 

ON THE INTERNET 
TRY US OUT FOR FREE! 

h ttp :// www.trafficschoo/togo .com 

pa/nl... .'mpl. fun .nytlme .nywhe,. 
C Iw( I<. u" (Jut Oil/lilt' Of phone 8 88 ·FIX- TIC KET 

c6cb ~ OPEN l" HOURS 
Costa V.eM Shopping C .... ter. 8650 Genese. Ave .. '200. La Jolla/UTe. 457-9500 

1400 Camino de to Reina • Mission VdAttf • 297-S900 

Start off the New Year with a brighter smile that everyone 
will notice. For a limited time only, Dr. Lee will proviJe 

Opalescence® 
Tooth 

Whitening 
System 

for only $99 (a $300 .value). 
Call today, you'll be glad you did. 

Linda K. Lee, D.D.S., M.S. 
"At the heart of my dental practice is SenSltll'lt)· and Imllj(lna tiOn . 

Done m th is way, , am able to deb!!ht the patient, 
maximl~e oral health alon!! with IOwl helilth , as !.I'ell 

as crClite ne\~ smiles, new confidence and petu:e of mmd. " 

On campus of Scripps Memorial Hospital 
(619)453 .. 3888 

9850 Genesee Avenue, Suite 200, Lt Joll~ 

Brown Eyes to Blue, Green, Hazel 

FREE PAIR COLORED CONTACTS FreshLook Colors w~urchase of 2 boxes of dear Fresh disposables. 
DAILY WEAR EXTENDED WEAR DISPOSABLE LENSES 

$89** $99** $129** 
COMPLETE 2 PAIRS B&L FW COMPLETE 

"All 'P.cial. includ. I.n .... exam, .yeea" kil and follow up vi.i .. A.tigmatic I.n ... higher. 
No! valid wilh any other oller. 011." •• pir. 3/31/99. 

-------

ROBERT HELLER, 0.0 .• STEVEN TAYMAN, 0.0 . • JOHN (ASTIELLO, 0.0. 
COSTA VERDE CENTER I FASHION VALLEY CENTER 

8650 GINU!! AVI. SII. 220 I NIAI Sus FIfTH AVINUI (619)452-7374 I (619)295·0537 



4 OPINION The UCSD Guardian 

PINION 

Although the Padres seem to 
have disbanded in the off-

season, leaving San Diegans 
with two horrible professional 

sports teams and a multi-
million dollar stadium in the 

works, there may still be a 
future jar the' Friars 

ByTmII Hili 
Senior Staff ~er 

What the dilly yo (for all of you 
crackers out there who aren't down, 
this means, what's the problem)'! 

I am sensing a sinking feeling in 
the San Diego area as of late. There 
seems to be a growing number of 
San Diegans who are less-than-
enamored with their local spons 
teams, the Chargers and the Padres. 
Basically. they are really pissed off. 

Oh, w~it. Before I get going on 
this spons tirade, I was reminded 
that I am not writing to my usual 
throng of sports-nut meatheads. Let 
me explain a few things, then the 

le~son will begin. Now 1ake notes 
all you O-chemcrs ... 

First, the Chargers play football 
(they u~e the brown, oblong ball). 

Second, the Padre~ play base-
ball (they use the little, white ball). 

Good job, morons, now we're 

ready. 
The Chargers are a terrible 

team. They have a promising quar-
terback in Ryan Leaf, but he's very 
raw, had a horrific season and hid a 
worse time with the press than he 
did opposing defenses. It is very 
obvious as to why the locals would 
be upset with a squad like this. 
They're pathetic, and the future is 
not .that bright. 

The Padres, on the other hand, 
had the best season in franchise 
history, and made the World Series. 
San Diego loved its Padres and for 
awhile in late September and early 
October, this town ate, slept and 
breathed Padre baseball. The team 
was so popular, in fact, that San 
Diegans voted overwhelmingly in 
favor of a proposed new downtown, 
baseball-only stadium. 

So why the recent fuss '! The rea-
son people are upset is not because 

Tuesday, January 19, 1999 

of anythina the Padres have done 
on the field. It is whit has been 
happening otT it that has many fum-
ing. Kevin Brown, Ken Caminiti, 
Steve Finley and Joey Hamilton, all 
extremely imponant cogs in the 
Friar machine last summer, are no 
longer Padres. 

This kind of thing hurts die-hard 
fans and casual ones alike. It is 
hard to explain the exarl emotions, 
but to simplify it, the people of San 
Diego feel like the ride is over. 

The Padres were so good last 
year and it was such a magical ride 
that, understandably, no one wants 
it to end. But after these otT-season 
losses, it feels like the ride has 
come to an abrupt halt. I mean, 
what good is a new stadium if the 
team that plays in that stadium is so 
bad that it is no fun to go', Why 
were there all of those 'billboards 

See~Page5 

Tuesday, January 19, 19119 The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

GENERALIZATIONS PADRES: Owners committed 
to winning in 1999 

over $100 million). Also, the gen-
eral manager of the Padres. Kevin 
Towers, is an astute baseball man 
who always has his eyes on the 
prize. Editor: 

I am truly appalled at the gen-
eralizations made about those of 
us in the Greek system as stated in 
"Rush Weak" (Guarr/ian. Jan. II. 
1999). 

I hardly think that all of us 
joined because we wanted to all 
be exactly like each other or 
because we can't leave behind 
the throes of high school. My 
joining a sorority had nothing to 
do with any of these things. nor 
was it because I wanted to -fur-
ther my social life. Yes. now per-
haps I know more people, but I 
do not depend on the Greeks for 
my fun. 

I am greatly involved on this 
campus outside the Greek sys-
tem, and I know many others who 
are also involved in other such 
endeavors. I happen to be a resi-
dent advisor at Warren college. 
and I know plenty of other 
Greeks who are not only RAs but 
who sit on A.S., student councils, 
college councils, etc. Being 
Greek is just another aspect of 
my life; it is not all encompassing 
as the author makes it appear to 
be. 

I hardly have ever telt that I 
have had to conform in anyway 
whatsoever. Our chapter prides 
itself on being diverse. and it is 

Letters ~ Editor 
The Guardian welcomes letters 
from its readers. All letters must be 
no Iofliler than three PIfle5. typed. 
double-spaced and si6ted. Letters 
must IIIso contain a phone number. 
We reserve tile riI/It to edit for 
IefWth and clarity. Letters may be 
dropped off at the Guardian office 
on the second floor of the Old 
Student Center. Send all letters to: 

The UCSD Gunan 
Opinion Editor 

9500 Gilman Dr. 0316 
La Jolla. CA 92093-0316 

Fax: (619) 534-7691 
e-mail: guanJianllucsd.edu 

that diversity that allows each of 
us to remain unique willie una ned 
because of our ideals. 

I also feel that it is wrong to 
say that all of us in the .Greek 
system only associate with other 
Greeks. Many of my best friends 
happen to be non-Greeks, and I 
truly cherish their friendships. 
While it may seem that friend-
ships in the fraternities are 

forced and fake, I can only say 
that obviously you are not going 
to be best friends with everyone. 
However. some of my very best 
friends have come as a result of 
being a part of my chapter. My 
little sis is one of my very best 
friends. and while yes, we did 
meet because of the Greek sys-
tem, our friendship hardly 
depends upon it. 

I think that it is time that peo-
ple stopped making such pathetic 
generalizations about those of us 
in the Greek system because we 
are not all alike, and don't base 
your judgment on a few individu-
als who hang out in Price Center 
every day. 

Swphaaie Miller 
Della Della Delta Sorority 

OUt on alJmb, the 
..... Truth Is Told 
Editor: 

The story ("Rush Weak," 
Guardian, Jan. II. 1999) by 
Jeremy Gray about frats and 
sororities was great! I can't agree 
more. It is about time someone 
went out on a limb and told the 
truth about the Greek system. 
Cool anicle, Jeremy. How about 

. an encore'! 
Anthony Flores 

Co""."'''''''''' 4 
saying how great it would be to 
have a new ballpark, if the team is 
not going to be that great'! A ball-
park is only as good as the team 
that plays there. 

The Padres are not a World 
Series-caliber club anymore, and 
that is why people all over arc com-
paring them to the dumpy 
Chargers. 

Here's a good analogy (or as 
good a one as my one-track mind 
can come up with): You go to all 
sorts of trouble to get your giri-
friend a new dress, but while you're 
gone, she's doing nothing but sit-
ting on the couch, watching "Sally" 
and eating everything from pickles 
to meat loaf. So when you get 
home to a put the dress on her, she 
looks like some son of crazed bam-
yard animal. Hey, it was the best I 
could do. 

Personally. I believe that the 
Padres owners. John Moores and 
Larry Lucchino, truly want their 
team to succeed. They proved that 
last year when they went out and 
traded for Brown, a very high-
priced pitcher (those who know 
baseball know that I just made the 
understatement of the year -
Brown just signed as a free agent 
with the Los Angeles Dodgers for 

So kids, here are the hard facts. 
like 'em or nol. Don't be fooled by 
the misconception that just because 
the stadium measure passed. 
money trees sprouted in center 
field at Jack Murphy Stadium 
(that's right, no stupid Qualcomm 
here). Eventually, they will make 
some more cash. but not until the 
revenues from the stadium actually 
kick in. 

So. the Padres are not going to 
be as good as they were last season 
in '99. But, they are preparing for 
the future. The plan in the Padre 
front otlice right now is to have a 
young, powerful team ready when 
the stadium opens in a couple 
years. 

So while I understand the con-
cerns, don't get too down on the 
Padres, there is a plan in the works. 
When you cut through all the PR 

. and the bureaucratic mumbo-
jumbo. the team is still committed 
to winning, and that\ the most 
important thing. 

The Chargers meanwhile. well , 
at least they. .. well, no the 
Chargers suck now and will suck 
for a long time so just appreciate 
the Padres. 

Send comments. 
Letters 10 the 
guardian@ucsd.edu 

beer alld 
Editor til 

THINKING OF MOVING 
OFF·CAMPUS? 

Here's a break for your parents-a chance for 
them to write off some of your college tuition! 

How, YOUR? 
HAVE MOM & DAD BUY A 
CONDO OR TOWNHOUSE! 

You can: • Rent the extra rooms to your friends .. . 

TOBIN 
One of UCSD's 
finest is also a 

,,~altor! 
• Use the rent money to pay for the mortgage .. . 
• You live in the condo for FREE, and ... 
• .. . your parents can write off the interest on the mortgage! 

DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY PAYING RENT! 
Here's a way to pay for housing that is also an investment! Call Tobin today at 

ASSOCIATES 
REALTY 

_~"""""oe. ,."OIeto.CAI2111 
hClf' __ .~ __ ""~ 

(619)637-0609 (voice mail) . 
(619)621-5279 (office) 
e-mail:FIMStreahortlhotmail.com 

DOMINO'S' 
DELIVERS' 

SIO£08DW 
8UfMI.OW ..... 
Net • IpIcy or ... 
DouIIII a.., ..... 
ar.dsdcIcs IfIIOIhnd 
wfcIMM 
..... WId 
{wIbIch or 1aI.!.-...., 
1WIlJ ..... '" 
(wi Frwl)fppit SIuct) 
Cellae or DIec CGW 
12-0&. CIIII, 60hck 
or2 .... boaII 

3211 HolidayCt. CALL 4S2-UCSD 
...... Plus (452-1273) 

AUiiiift ~ Hours: Sun.-Thun. II am-I am. Fri .• Sat II am·2 am 

r-----~rDr'ETOWING I Minor Tune Up I, • ':..~~ _ :":Np8i,.. 10·mI . • 8<lI ... 
I Special Brake Job ~. 0111 fIlM up Includes slot - Reg. 155 Special Rtg. sao ' 
I then athe". n Includes: I 1. NEW Spark plugs 7. Check brakes Front or rNr_ Brake lob Includes: 12. Check Oistrbdor poinls 8. Check clUlch 1'. Instal ~ont pads or rear shoes _I 3. Check Oistrllutor 9. Check lighCs 2. Drain old brake fluid 
I conden5O': '10. Check undercarriage I 3. Inspect hydraulic system - I 4. A*.&t timng for damage 4. Aefi! hydraulic flUId ~ •• 
15. Check and replenish 11. Check cooItng system I 5. Bleed brake system .' I 

.1 fluid and oil levels & hoses 6. Adjusl front (n shoes) and rear shoes I! AdjuII dwelt angle 12. Road 1851 ~Aoad test ~ 
r~~~~t-MaJorservlce tiM. -"~ .. 
IEdnI frN filet In~ CIn. Our mejor sWYfc.lnclud .. : Reg. $1 SO I I 

I. NewlfllJl<plrgI 12. ~US1dwet1.. 24.1.lbelronter<l V 0". I 2. New Allillf 11 Adtust c.Wetor . 25 Oteck lo!loo" tIllS , 100 I I I 
I !=:;"oi :::==rll"rrn1Ur. ~: Cttec=ek=.."agolordamage I .... Change I 5. Newflrolfihr t6.CltedlcIAcIt 28. Ctteck baII.ry,,_ & 
I 6.CItedI ...... pom 17.AdjuslcIAcIt 29. RoIII.,nes~ ...... I . 7. 0IICIr ...... condonsor 18.CItedI"'''' ~. ClIoc:lcI .. _e 20 point I 

I. CaIr!nIIion 1111 19.A<\U11 "'... It . Libe door Iwtgn • 18,*" ...... ·-, 2O.o\quI!-voncv"'. l2.ClIoc:lc"_ I Safety Check I 10. New......... 21 .CItedII ....... IUI_ 33.CltlcllcoolntJljSltml_ I -~ 22. Cltedlhf ..... ...-odbols 34.ClIoc:lc.xltlustljSltm I Special I 11. ~ ImiIg 23. CltedlIllctralIuMs 35. Rood IHI 1-: __ : 1Idra1or~.~._.-u-........ ~ ~ 
I c;:':Ci"utchJ: 'lmIITii.i;g BeH 5;ecial .. ' t.New.,.....,... ". NewPitol~ ________ _ 

2. New CUd! Dille 5. CIw1ge ,.........", oil Extended warran~ I s. New '""- bNring 8.Roed ,eM I . 
L::::--=:''':::::::::'.J 15, 30,45, 60, 75, & 90 service 
'IIoet c.a.. WIlli "" •• d . Expl, .. 2/2/99 . IIIIIId _ ...... AlIt 1IIouI_ ...... on ........ 
AII_..tI .... a.,.., or 2O,OOO-nIIe IInIIIId "fTIIIIy. 

averieas ~ · " ..... ,,-AIto.tlve Repair 8008-8 Miramar Road. 
, •••• , 695-1990 

'_II __ ~~~~~~~ 



6 NEWS The UCSD Guardian 

LIGHTS 
j . 

SIRENS 
Lights & Slfens is a selectIOn of 
entries compiled from the log book 
of the UCSO Po/ice Department. 

Sunday, Jan. 10 
5:48 p.m.: A non-affiliate 
reported the theft of a green 
'93 Jeep Cherokee from Lot 
604 . Loss: $10.000. 
Monday, Jan. 11 
12:30 a.m.: Officers arrested a 
19·year-old male student for 
being drunk in public at the 
Oceanview Footbridge. 
Transported to County Jail after 
being rejected from Oetox. 
9:50 a.m.: Officers arrested a 
34-year-old male staff member 
at Oceanview Terrace for an 
outstanding misdemeanor war-
rant for battery, sexual battery, 
and threatening phone calls. No 
bail. Transported to County Jail. 
3:00 p.m.: An officer filed a 
report coricerning annoying 
notes left on a vehicle in Lot 
207. 
5:07 p.m.: A 19-year-old male 
student suffered arm and leg 
abrasions after falling off a 

bike. Refused treatment. 
Tuesday, Jan. 12 
3:07 p.m.: An officer filed a 
report concerning annoying 
phone calls to the School of 
Medicine Dean's Office. 
3:50 p.m.: A student reported 
the theft of a wallet from the 
Price Center food court. Loss: 
$50. 
3:56 p.m.: A student reported 
the theft of money from the 
Biomedical Library. Loss: $52. 
6:45 p.m.: A student reported 
the theft of blue '91 Dodge 
Spirit from Lot 602. Loss: 
$2.000. 
9:00 p.m.: A non·affiliate 
reported the theft of a wallet 
from the RIMAC locker room . 
Loss: $63. 
9:35 p.m.: A student reported 
the theft of a wallet from the 
RIMAC locker room. Loss: $120. 
9:52 p.m.: An officer filed a 
report concerning an explosive 
device found at the Muir Quad. 
10:07 p.m.: A student reported 
the burglary of a red '95 Nissan 
truck in Lot 307. Loss: $115. 

FOODMAKER, INC. 

WE KNOW 
JACK. 

11:00 p.m.: Officers detained a 
18-year-old female student for 
making suicide threats at 
Warren Apartments. 
Transported to County Mental 
Heatth by an officer. 
Wednesday, Jan. 13 
9:00 a.m.: An 18-year-old female 
student suffered facial injuries 
after walking into a glass door at 
the Dance Studio. Transported to 
Thornton by officer. 
2:00 p.m.: Units and the San 
Diego Fire Department respond-
ed to a 20-year-Old female com-
plaining of stomach pains at 
York Hall. Transported to 
Student Health by officer. 
Thursday, Jan. 14 
6:34 a.m.: Officers arrested a 
34-year-old male non·affiliate 
for i"egal lodging in a canyon 
east of 1·5. Cited and released. 
8:15 p.m.: A staff member 
reported the theft of a vacuum 
cleaner from the Campus 
Services Complex. Loss: $150. 

- Compiled by Leena Shankar, 
News Editor 

And as the head of our company, he 
knows how to attract some of the most 
dynamic individuals who are interested in 
helping us grow. 

A.S.: Plan needs 
approval from 
council and students 
ContInued fro. .... a 
whal tocy support. TIleY shouldn't 
have free reign." 

Ru said that his finance office 
currently serves as a supervisor of 
the external office. He said that 
while there should be continued 
oversight of the office, a commit-
tee may intcrfere with the events 
allcnded and put on by the exter-
nal oflicc on short notice. 

" I think the commiltee will 
bog down external's ability to do 
things quickly," Ru said. 

Leventhal and Ru presented the 
council with a timeline that out-
lines the steps needed to adopt the 
new A.S. Council Constitution. In 
order to adopt the constitutIOn, 
three-fourths of the members of 
the A .S. Council must approve of 
it, as well as three-fifths of the col-
lege councils. Signatures must 
also he collected from 15 percent 
of the undergraduate student body. 

According to the timeline, thc 
new constitution should be adopt-
ed by the end of winter quarter. 

Leventhal said that he is opti-

You may already know we make great burgers at our JACK IN THE BOX restaurants, but we also make great careers 
whether you work in one of our restaurants or our corporate headquarters in San Diego. Due to extensive growth 
throughout the West, Foodmaker, owner and franchiser of JACK IN THE BOX restaurants, has 
current career opportunities within all levels of our organization corporate wide and within our restaurants. Our team 
members are down-to-earth individuals who get the job done and don't forget to have fun along the way. 

• Corporate Positions 
• Restaurant Managen 
• Assistant Restaurant Manag .... 
• Shift Leaden 
• Crew Memben 

We 're seeking customer service oriented individuals with strong leadership and communication skills. 
We value honesty, Integrity, equality and diversity. We offer highly competitive salaries for all lev-
els of employment as well as bonus plan. benefits package and 401 (k) for qualifying positions. 

Please send your resume to : Foodmaker, Inc., Human Resources Department, 
Job Code: UCSD, 9330 Balboa Avenue, San Diego, CA 92123- 1516, or you 
may email yourresumetoresumes@foodmaker .com. Foodmaker is an Equal 
Opportunity Employer . Visit us on the webb at www/jackinthebox.com and at 
http://jackinthebox.newjobs.com . 

Tucsday, January 19, 1999 

mistic about passing the new con-
stitution. 

"It really needs to be passed," 
Leventhal said. "There arc so 
many flaws in our current struc-
ture. So many of the problems of 
the council revolve around thc 
structure of it." 

Lee said she warned A.S. 
Council members to take their 
time and realile the seriousness 
of the issue. 

"I think the senators definitely 
need to take a close look at this and 
not rush it," Lee said. "111' this pa,s-
esl, it 's going to be a completely 
different A.S. II could he success-
ful, but it could definitely fail too." 

Matsuzaki said that hc object-
ed to the constitution and bylaws 
bccause he Wal> not given the 
opportunity to offer his own input 
into their formation. 

Marshall Freshman Senator 
Jeffrey Dodge said that he would 
rather revise the current constitu-
tion than start from scratch with a 
new one. 

"Illon't see the actual logistics 
of the constitution as a problem. 
But comparing what we have now 
with what we are proposing, I 
favor what we have now with 
revisions," he said. 

G R A BE) 
GUAR IAN 

•• Central Campus 
AP&" • Bunar's Office 

Canyon Vista • Center Hall 
Club "ed • Geisel Library 

General Store • Grove Caffe 
HSS Lecture Halls 

"arshall Dean's Office 
Hed School Library 

".0.". • Pepper Canyon Apts. 
Peterson Hall • Porter's Pub 
Price Center • Rathskeller 

Registrar's Office 
Revelle Sundry Store 

Solis Hall • Tioca/Tmya Halls 
Warren Lecture Halls 

York Hall • Undergrad Library 
University Bookstore 

USE Crtdit Union 

G 
Outer Campus 

RIMAe • UNEX 
SuperComputer Center 

Institute of the Americas 
Gilman Drive Info Booth 

Torrey Pines Center 
North T.P. Info Booth 

SlO Library • Snackropolis, SIO 
Niremberc Hall, SIO 
Thorton Hospital, n 

Early Childhood EdlUtion Cntr. 

Tuesday, January 19. 1999 The UCSD Guardian f-EATURES 7 

(~ll;\1Z1)1.\N 1~1_\I'lIRL>~ 

.......... Alison Butterworth, right, and Jonathon Kendall from Great Britain relax in the 
common room at the Grand Pacific Hostel in Downtown San Diego. 

Hostels provide students and 
others with inexpensive) yet 
fun ways to travel in the 
U. S. or around the world 

News Il.ash kids. No on.: is having the "Gn:at American Allventure" on an organil..:d retreat to Canl:un where the main allrat:tion is a foam party. For those looking for a real character-building experience and an 
opportunity to meet people from all over, hostels have a 
great deal to offer. 

Hostelling isn 't like staying in a hotd It 's si milar In 
the dilTerent:e hetween a garden hurger and a hamburger: 
II 's true that some people enjoy the veggie route heller. 
but if you go in expecting a douhle bacon chee.~e hurger. 
you ' re going to he disappointed. 

"Hostelling olTers a unique exp.:rient:e especially for 
student travcler~," said Janit:e Yocki, a IiJUrth year Roo-
sevelt studen!. who has visited h()~te l~ in hoth Europe and 
the United States. " Hostels arc like t:oll1mu nitie~ within 
themselve~ where people of diver~e origin, l:an intt:rat:l. " 
Host ... In. Pros .nd Cons 

Many people arc aware that ho~telling is a gent:rally 
inexpensive and ~alc route wht:n traveling Europe. Many 
people, however, arc not aware of the options they have 
in the United States and C,mada. 

Hostels U.S.A., hy Evan Halper and Paul Karr, Mates 
thm hostelling is like staying at a friend's house: It \ 
relaxed ,md cheap, but there arc trade-offs. 

"The environment is very open and informal ," Yocki 
said. 

The manager of San Diego's Point Lorna Hostel, Ali-
son Smith, said that hostelling is something that every-
one should try at least ont:e. 

"I personally think that everyone should give it a try, " 
Smith saill. "I espet:ially recolllmend ho,teltraveling for 
single women, bccau~e it is such a safe wav to travel. It \ 
much beller then staying in an isolated hoiel room." 

Many people who stay in hostels report that it i~ a 
great opportunity to meet people from all over the world. 
The Ho.\·lellil/g /Ilte/'llalilll/at O.fficial Guide. which i~ 
printed in ~everal languages, including Engli~h . Japan-
ese, French, Spanish and German. relkcts the diver~t: 
origins of the people u,ing it. Students staying in hostd~ 
will often meet people from other countries and develop 
friendship~ that continue bt:yond the duration of tht:ir 
stay. Because of thi~ , Smith said hostel traveling is an 
invaluable way for Mudent~ to expand their horiLOns. 

"One of the be~t thing~ that can happen is network. 
ing," Smith said. 
How To Host.1 

Before traveling, it is a good idea to map out where 
you ' ll be staying. According to Halper and Karr, it is a 
really good idea to make reservations. Onen the hostels 

wor~ on a first-come, first -serve basis, and have between 
50 to 100 beds (though some have more or less then that) 

See HOSTELS, Page 11 

STOR·t S·t JESS ICp, SCHEPPMp,Ntt FEpJURES EDITOR I PHOTOS S't JULIUS CHOI 

, . , . >; 



8 CALENDAR 

........ y,JIIHJII'f20 
• 8 pm. Mandeville Center Raccal Hal. Flult Rocllll : l ISa Cela. IJMA sIudenI, piays 
~ by Marl< Osborn, Ame la8'!fge. Jo, Yuasa. and Gerald Brophy S:.'$3 

Friday. JInuMy 22 
• 8 p.m MandeYIIe Center Recital Hal Violin Rocbl: Vlllrllst Janos Negyesy piays DedIcaIKltls 
/0 .Ii. worI<s lor solo ooIIn SBIS6 

s.wtdI" JMlIJrf 13 
• 8 P m MandeYIIe Aud.om.m L»y CIi CIIiMIt DInct Co. lily Cai's inno'IaClVt wort< IS a ri:h ~ 01 
anaenc CI10nese tecInques and modem dance lorms AIinoSSlOll. general, S18, Iact.tyIstaIIsenocn. S15; 
studenls SI3 For informa/oo cal 53H09O 
• 8 p.m. Encicson Hall. GIIduaIa Student Conclll: Corf!x>setMolinist Elit Uman and ciannellSl Arrhony BUll 
c*er an evenng of reeerw works and ".,rO'/lsallOlls Free 

Sundl" JMlIJrf 14 
'8 P m. MandeYIIe Cenler RocCaI Hali VOCII Rocilll : Bantone Orren lanabe Sfl9S operallc and ~ary I!lISIC 
plus IradiIional lJeder. S~$3 
Monday. Jaooaty 25 
• 8 P m. MandeYIIe Reeial Hal .... 1IuIic FOIUIIL Graooaee ~IOO studelts preserl thef works. Free 

TUIIdI~ J-r 2f 
• 6 P m. EricIcson Hall GufIIr AIciIII: Australian guIarist GeoIery Ibm plays nuic rllWca. ZirMIemwI, F~, 
EcIIhd, c.1er, Brophy. Kats-chemin, Mart:8lfino IIId Oench. Free. 
• 8 p.m IIIndMe RecUI Hal. FMt AIciIII: EizJIJeIh McNlII. DMA studenl. 
presenIs works for soil "e and rnanoIIY'S ~III for IUe IIId 
aJII11IMr. M3 
...... i'.."... 

0nfD/II9 
........ you be in tile ,., 
_1 The f'n9arns Abroad (). 
fa oilers ongoing adYISong lor 
studenls "'lISted 11 studying 
abnJId. CaM ~ 011 cfi:e 11 
lhe ~I Center or call 
534·1123 to make an IIJPOf\t· 
..... 

~ ... 
fltIN" 

Ongoing 
'IndividuII Fitne .. ~. al RIMAC eV9f)I lion & Wed. 5-11pm 
Walk 1110 lhe WeItoess Room. 2nd ffoor A FREE studerw seMCe provded by Student Health 
Advocales! Cal 534·2419 lor more no' 

The UCSD Guardian 

'HEADACHESfI! Who needs 'em? VISIt the Htedlcho Clinic at Sluder! Heath and gel he\1! No chaIge 10 ,~ered studelts. Cal 5301·8089 foI '(011 
apporlImenl 
, SIIIdent HeIIIII ~ here lor YOUI We're a ItA seM:e cine open to All regostered studenlS. You don' need healh IlSOOInce 10 use 011 serw:eslApportrnem to 
p/ly5lCoan VISits and specoafty climcs • caU 534·8089 Walk In 10 Urgerw Care weekdays 8am-4 3Opm. (Wed. 9·4·3Opm.) 
'EIMf9IIICY ConIrICI9Iion. annual exams. STO lests, pregnancy lests. birth control pre5CfllllOllS, & heath educallOO' al al VQnen's CInc. Student HeaItI1 Calf 
534-8089 lor aw Co .. 1y confidential - always' 
• Annony_ HIV \Hting at Sludenl Heahh! Wa~ rn 10 sign I.\l al lhe HeakhArrne,. 1. 51 ffoor. SI Ocl1arge rncIudes pre· and post. COII1se1rng. Questions? Call health 
edOOllor al534·2419 
• FfIt ChoItsltroI Testing al Student Heahh . sign I.\l allhe "rsl floor bulletrn bOard lor yrlll aworntmenl 
• Don 't Go in tile Oc.III! ~ ~ast oot uilli you ve had 'fOOl Hepal~1S A sOOts!" you surl or swrm In lhe ocean. oonsrder irmU1IzatlOOS 10 protect 'fOOl heath. Two shots · 
6 months apart · $60 each Walk In 10 Siudent Heahh M·F 8·tl am, Woo 9· IIam 
• Sludeni Heath Advocale provrde PH< EduWion Programs on NUlrjlOll. HIV. F4ness. Slress & other IqlOCS' al 'fOOl res hal or student org meetings' Cal 534-24t 9 lor 
Info on lhese FREE programs' 
• l ow Cost Phannacy· Over·lhe-counler lIems lco«j medlCtnes. arwacrds. bandards. "amms, skJn care products. sooscreen. contraceptive prorUts. Mad lens prodocts. 
elc) an al d,scount pnces' localoo ,n lhe I.st lloor 01 Siuderw Heath Open M·F 8am-4 3Opm.. Wed. 9am" 3Opm. 
• CPR Ind Firat Aid Classes al Siuderw Heahh' Classes held al Sludent Heath ·Iaught by Ameoo1n Roo Cross-certfred InstnJ:kl(S Take Cormurcy CPR. Standard Fist 
AJCj Iwlh Relerence Book) . ali lor S25 1J01 Srgn LIl soon· classes fil LIl q..ckly' Come 10 2nd lloor of Sludent Heath Centet or e·mail P!J1IoOucsd eOJ 10 srgn 141 
• FREE Nulrition Counseling al Siudeni Heahh' Make your appointment loday' Can 534-8089 
• Neild CONDOMS???? Gel em Cheap allhe Siudent Heahh Pharmacy 
• Get Published! Heahh Bealrs a studenl publicaillo focus'ng on hea~h ,ssues Addrtllnal siaff are being recruMed Artc~s are now being acceploo . e-mai lhe ed.or al 
healhbealOucsd OOU 
• A·C·f+E ~ a lour lener word' Cure rt at Siudent Heahh Call 534-8089 aoo make an appolOlmenl allhe Derm Cliroc' 

eW.ruwJ~. 
Wlllntldly, JIIIIJrf 20 

• PIinIbIII! H youve never done n before now s lhe lime 10 Iry n OUI Salurday January 30th ~ lhe F.~ Outdoor Palntbal Outrng lor The Flying HIIfiItI. UCSD's ParrCbal CkAl 
Sign LIl by loday Woonesday January 20th Theres a ma"mum 0150 peopla ema.· RyrngHem~hllwebtvnel or call MarklBen 793·6918 

Thurs4IY, Jllllllry 21 
• 7 P m Pree Cenler Cove C.IPIRG's Gentrell"ltI.st .... ting Come "00 01.1 how you can make a difference and he\> save the enwonmenl 

Ofl9Oing 
, Ale you IookJng lor some lun servrce, lellows/'4l. and leadersh!l? Then Circle K IrrIImItionII ~ lor you! Take a break trom studies 10 maIIe a dlerence 11 a 
person S ~e Join us on MoncJays al 7 p m III Berl<eley Room ~ Pnce Center. See you lhere! 
• Come tornlhe lunl Every Tuesday Irom 6 :JO.9 00 P m The Internalronal Club meets al the Intematronal Center Everyone ~ wetcorne, bOlt! intema· 
lronal and UCSD students Meet new people. have 11.111. and team ~ drler8fl1 cullles. 
• UCSO AIriII Robotic, "l1li meels eV9f)l other Wednesday. Please check httpJlsluorg.ucsd.edt>'-robOIcs lor meetrng lmes ard IocahorlS. 
• Friend, 01 Strvict WOfkera. a iabor-or'entoo convnunny seM:e organlzalion. meets in The Eucalyptus lounge upstarrs lrom lhe Food Co-Op 
at the Sluderw Center on Thursdays al 7 p m 
'Inltrvlflly Christiln F.IIowshIp. Come meel roof people and develop you relations/'4l WIth God No e>penence necessary Every ThInday 
al7 30 p m RevellelMuil WlH 2005 MarshalVWarrefllRoosevel Clr 119 

IMwf 
WedllHdly. JMlIJrf 20 

• 4 30 P m. 3155lneralure BUlklrng "Birth 01111 Empn: War, DomnIicfty Ind EIIIy Alnlriclll CinIma." A pIiJic lectlle by Nrry Kaplan. 
De~ 01 English. Mt Holyoke CoIege Prolessor Kaplan is al lhe lorefront of Amelcan iterary and CIAIuraf stides SponsoIed by the 
Department oIl.eralure 

TlNlIIMy, JIIIIIII'f 21 
• Noon Cross CtAlIai Cerwer The Center lor tile Sludy 01 Race and ElhnPy and Tile EllVlc Studies Depanment present Roger Sa~. 
Dept 01 ArthropoIOgy. Queens CoIege. Cily Urwer~y 01 New YDrt ' The Fulult 01 U. All: Roc:t IIId ............... PoIItIca iii .... YOIIi City" ...... -.-

H,.".. ......... 
TUIIdI, • .--, " 

' 113Oa m.·1 p.m Calee< Serw:es Center. toUrpurpose Room Jolt Flir T...tJp: Don' krowhowtoprepere loqobflir slals needlt_LIl. 
~Iend Ihrs WOfI<SI1op to gIIlrps on how to make the most 01 'fOOl lillie al UCSO's IU~I Job Fair 11121) 534·3750. 
• 1·2 30 p.m. 242 SocIal SCIences Bldg .... '. GIauII. ThIS grtlI4Ilor LIlI* dMsron IIId grDIIIt stIIIIrI men WIt drsarss iIterpIraonII reIIIron· 
s/'4l chlllllgas iIcUIong -.ng RIependence rn close raIII~ WIllI - .1I\9If cortoIlIId IJII. Also. friencIIhp WIth..,., "*1 r4 
relat"""""wlflor.eIwflbe topes l ed by Ron lane. 534-0250. andJllNaln534·1725 TUIIdIys I ·~ 3Op.m Cal Ron or Jllto." 141 
, 1·3().3 p.m. Cner s.rv-c-. Stall MIImg Room . ...... 111 "'--Y IctIoaI? MIlt Dr. RobtrI9urdIey rI tho lJIwMty allIIryMI, . 
School 01 "'*-Y- Group CIiIM&oon. 534 .. 939 
• 2 JO.4 p.lII. c..r s.rv- CIrHr.1UiIUPoM Room . .......... c-tllrfIILDIlII ........ Don' _liIpnI~OIItwyou 
can 1M 'flU I'll D. in .1IOIIIIIIinI_ in .. rrrMraIty 1IIting. ..... UCSD 1'11.0" ........... _ ............ (IIII'ItII ..... 
Irmsfor .... fIIb 534-3750 

Tuesday. January 19. 1999 

TundI",--, " 
• 5 3(). 7 30 P m Price Center Cove All CIm!M T,.,.,., SodII RSVP's,.ed by Noon 1119199 Cal 534~ 

FOOD JI!O"ded. Freel 
F,*"".--,22 

• 9p m.·la m POO Stage The lesbian Gay 8rseJuaI Transgerdel AsaociIIIiln IlCBTA) inYites you to 011 Hon-
Selill DIncI. Free dnrssron. kee relresMats, al ages weIccme! Hope to see you IheIe! 534-GAYS lor more 

info. 
~..,.,n 

'10.45-1 30 p.m. Want to gil spIIIhed WIIbybig 1JIY ..... 1Comtjorl tho InIImIIIonII Clultas we 
head 01.1 on 011 anooaf .... 1IIIChi1g ~. I'0Il ny IJIId1Ise '(OII1icIrIIs for onty SI3 at lhe 

IrUmIhonaI CRill front desk. 

TuesdaY. January 19. 1999 

MARY HIGGINS 
Senior Sta.fl Writer 

Spiderman, Wonderwoman, 
Power Rangers, Xena - aside from 
their wa,ky fashion sense. what do 
all these people have in ,ommon? 

They are superheros, of ,ourse. 
"Super" as in "not real." Fi,tion. 
You have to open up a ,omic book 
or rent a movie when you want to 
see superheros in action. Real-life 
heroes are harder to find. 

In my senior seminar last Thurs-
day, we talked about Martin Luther 
King Jr., and the class lamented the 
fact that there are no heroes any-
more. 'No one stands for anything 
these days,' seemed to be the popu-
lar sentiment. 

As usual, I had to disagree. 
" fhe assistant basketball coach 

is sleeping in a tent on top of 
R1MAC!" I piped up. 

The class stared back at me, 
blankly, with the exception of 
Guardian Sports Editor Jake Gor-
don who suddenly showed signs of 
life. 

"He's staying up there until 
2,100 people show up to a game!" 

OK, so maybe it's not exactly 
like rescuing babies from a burning 

The UCSD Guardian FEATURES 9 

PSYCHO THERAPY 
Modern-day superheros do eXist, if we just look around 
building, but Coach Dave Dillon's 
self-sacrificing efforts are exactly 
what UCSD needs! We're talking 
about a school at which the most 
daring thing people do all day is 
walk when the shuttle breaks down. 
Dave's protest is much-needed CPR 
for our asphyxiated school spirit. 

Frankly, I was surprised there 
wasn't more of a reaction . The rest 
of the class continued on with a 
discussion about how communica-
tions majors are vastly superior to 
everyone else. I, on the other hand. 
kept thinking about Dave huddled 

are being distributed in class. The 
publicity seemed to be working .. . 
everyone I saw on campus Friday 
was planning on going to the game. 
I wuld hardly wail to catch a 
glimpse or this real-life Superman! 

I was not disappointed; he made 
an appearance at Saturday night 's 
mat,h-up against the Panthers. The 
crowd chanted his name, "Dave! 
Dave! Dave!" and I craned my ned 
to get a peek at the coad who 
vowed to indclinilcly ~a'rilice slccp-
ing comfort for the sake of his team. 

."Which one is he'!" I asked the 

little uncomfortable with the 
announcers' frequent allusions to 
the "Save Dave" campaign. He jusl 
kepI watching the game. 

Following his lead, I luned back 
into the massacre and wilnessed our 
Triton men demolish the Panthers by 
an approximalely 50-point lead. 

And thaI was Ihe whole point, of 
, ourse. This is nOI a man who is 
after publi,ily, llhoughllo myself. 
This is a man who jusl wanls peo-
ple to show up 10 Ihe games. 

I guess sometimes you feel so 
slrongly about somelhing that you 

And then I saw The Great Dave. I guess I expected 
him to be wearing a gold cape and a blue body 

suit with a big "D" painted across his chest. To my 
surprise, he was dressed like an ordinary guy. 

up in some pathetic little sleeping 
bag - bravely fighting off the 
hypothermia - and I was so damn 
proud to be a Trilon I 

That is nOl something I say very 
often. 

A week ago I had never even 
heard of the guy ... at the basketball 
games I'm usually not thinking too 
much about who is coaching our 
formidable team. 

Arter last week, however, Dillon 
is a man known for one of the most 
memorable protests this school has 
ever witnessed. "Save Dave" signs 
are plastered all over campus. Flyers 

guy ne)lt to me, above the uproar. 
"Which one is Dave'!" 

"He's the one silting on the end of 
the bench," my friend said, pointing. 

And then I saw The Great Dave. 
I guess I expected him 10 be wear-
ing a gold cape and a blue bodysuit 
with a big "D" painted across his 
chest. To my surprise he was 
dressed like an ordinary guy, his 
eyes focused on his players as if 
hundreds of fans weren't enthusias-
tically screaming his name. He did-
n't look tike a guy who had cap-
tured the allention of at least four 
TV networks. In fael, he looked a 

want to climb the nearesl hill and 
yell from the top of it. Or some-
times you just pitch a tent on the 
roof of the gym and wait patiently 
for someone 10 nolice. 

Despite a solid lurnout, Satur-
day 's attendance did not reach 2,100 
and Dave is still up there on the roof 
every night. Yet if he were 10 come 
back down today. his fight would 
not have been in vain. Certainly he 
has drawn attention to our incredible 
basketball team and has succeeded 
in his elTOrls to recruit new fans. 

Maybe in the future UCSD stu-
dents won't ask each OIher, 'So 

what are you doing this weekend'!' 
Inslead, maybe Ihey ' li ask each 
olher, "So whal are you doing afler 
Ihe game?" 

BUI even if you ' re not a baskel-
ball fan - and nOlhing ~hort of a 
dealh Ihreat could bring you Oul 10 
walch our guys kick some seriou~ 
lail - Ihere is a grealer lesson we 
can take away from Ihis. Dave has 
shown UCSD what iI 'S like 10 siano 
up for somelhing you believe in. 
Hi s lighl is aboul ordinary people 
making heroic efforts 10 a"ol11-
plish impossible goals. The Greal 
Dave is jusl an average guy waldl-
ing Ihe game. I've heard he doesn' l 
even wear a cape. 

Before I sign off for this week, I 
wanted to share with you my mem-
ory of another person who really 
worked hard to make UCSD a spe-
cial place. This column is dedicated 
10 Aurora Evora (a.k.a. "The 
Flower Lady") who sold !lowers 
every day in front of the Old Gym 
unlil she succumbed to cancer last 
week. A couple years ago former 
News Edilor Ivan Delventhal wrOle 
an article aboul Evora's small busi -
ness being edged oul of graduation 
ceremonies. After I van wrole thaI 
article, I noticed Ihal The Flower 
Lady always kept recent editions of 
the Guardian at her !lower sland. I 
did not know her well , bUI I do 
know the Flower Lady's long asso-
ciation with our ~hool broughl joy 
to many People's lives. 

Some people really make a dif-
ference. We should all be like that. 

~ .......... I.-..... - ... ~ .... .. 
l1li7 "1'.~Yt~::I" -, III '!:/ 

Medical division of THE PRINCETON REVIEW 
IT'S NOT TOO LATE!!! 

Let Their Loss Be Your Gain 
'I(ypa *twnM7g 

,.,.,., ..... ., ... .......,..,uvmw 
I<IP-t OnYrurOlm 

WhItis JIU IIlIII ~tolllOlt""30 ~'IIcnt III II'IIR 
.nIlId ci pICIiIz MCATs thm17MCAT. ? Be One of Over 250 ~ 
Of .... hownmy_ 4AAMCTali 4AM«:T .. Hyperlearning Students ... idMIbI fii..IqIh 

.,..1211101t pbSnm: ? .., Or Compete Against Them 
DoJOlpomellUdm 
wiIh.~R!ci Ya t-b ? 
AlLIhIIr ..... ., 

.,-------.... 
DoJOU-uIDI No .. ,"- (619) 558·0500 '~\ WIeo tidIIi' ? Ibr.,_ta. I 1·800 MD BOUND I (1IItm-. ... 102.5 ~uW~UI office 631D11 ? " WIDID.revfew.com , IR)? (pbCllaJq,) 

-- ~ 
.... _-----



10 FEATUR ES 

ARENA 
Do you believe in astrology 
or read horoscopes? 
Interviews and 
Photography by Estella Villacorta 

--------------,--------

"Tm not a full believer in 
astrology and my 
horoscope. But it 's 
entertaining and it gives 
good insight to certain 
aspects of my life.;' 

Lyndsey Black 
Muir Sophomore 

"Astrology is not reliable 
all the time. It 's one of 
those things you can 
manipulate to fit what YOll 
want. But I still read my 
horoscopes religiously. I 
can' t help it." 

Alicia Schwartz 

"I believe in astrology to 
some extent. There is a 
scientific basis, but a lot of 
it is chance." 

Tony Gutierrez 
Muir Sophomore 

" I don' t believe in 
astrology but I read my 
horoscope for laughs ." 

Kerry Hagan 
Graduate Student 

") believe in astrology, but 
I d(m't really read my 
horoscopes because it 's 
tailored so broadly that 
anybody can apply it to 
themself." 

Ruben Torr •• 

The UCSD Guardian Tuesday, January 19, 1999 

CROSSWORD By Ed Volle 

-
1 SQuod's de lense 4 _, 

8 r redeflck Loewe mUSical, • _ Your Wagon-
13 Doctrines 
1!) Bossy bellow 
20 MUSical medley 
21 Impentnent galer 
22 Nallon 0' Roma 
23 Pollttcal 'avors 
27 Brainstorms 
28 John Smt th . perhaps 
29 Soup dispensers 
30 "RUb OUI 
31 Verdt opera 
33 • Tradlilonal knowledge 
34 Land mass: abbf 
37 Farm layer 
38 Making a Chancy purChase 
42 Taoeslt y In "HaUllet ' 
43 Yot 
44 Kidney enzyme 
45 Eared seal 
48 In front 
51 Gets by ""th less 
53 L,ke Chee,1OS 
54 ' WMtng for lefty' dramat,sl 
55 Sri Lanka language 
56 Support one S 'amity .. 
60 Mom·' pop store grp 
63 MOdel Macpherson 
64 AirlIne 10 Jerusalem 
65 HumdInger 

Want to 
shiif'e a 

story 
with the 
world? 

66 Females 
67 Soak fl., 
69 Amateur broadcasters 
73 Roman t)'foot and others 
74 t=hnch 
75 _ btanche (uncondHlonal authOrity, 
76 lassos 
79 EntIcements 
80 Word used to deSCribe Snow White 
82 _ we all? 
83 Campus org. 
84 Lacked 
85 EnJOY the lap at luxury 
0 1 GoU score 
94 lemon or orange ending 
95 French Clly near Le Havre 
96 Plants of the arum family) 
97 Spout nonsense 
98 Put back In the granary 
101 Hunter of the stars 
102 Walks wornedly 
103 WaSle 
L08 John and Maureen 
lOU loom bar 
110 BrUins 0' call. sports 
11 ~ Enjoyable 
112 Innate ablltty 
113 Chestnut·and-wtllte horses 
114 PreservIfl& Substance 
115 51111 

-
1 like a I'ttle devil 

2 lII ... bo. 
3 Chosen one? 
4 A_ondLowe 
5 End 0I ..-r? 
6 111.-..1 
7 Roctl 01 ·GhoSIbuSlefS· 
8 p,opetItnC a ,oh 
9 One 01 \he Ihfee Gfaces 
10 F,_ ,slands II _ poe 
12 Gfoup 01 tlvee 
13 7-tme U.S. terns chanlptOrl 
14 LaM '" o!hers 
15 Pronunciation sktps 
16 Pronunciation skips 
17 Yucatan uncle 
18 _ Ote&o 
24 Jay IoIlowe, 
25 SP'fl led INgor 
26 Indlatl garb 
31 Conltnental prefl" 
32 Meg or I,ene 
33 Invented facts 
35 510pp"" ~edge 
36 Jay. the coolie 
38 T.ke a""" 
39 L_ 01 !he moon 
40 ·Catch 22- star 
41 Outer banana 
42 Cae." d·_. Idaho 
45 Temperale 
46 Gen. _ G. Wheele, 
4 7 l lstlnC (0 one stde 
48 Ms. Rocers 51. Johns 
49 _ up (anclYl 
50 F,acloonal endon& 
51 TWinned crystal 
52 Love on the LOire 
54 Shar,' and Epps 
55 Neutral Shade 
57 Volent ... shape 
58 • Mfar", Vtee· co-star 
59 Pohuc31 coahbons 
60 Beach 
6 1 ll!h, and Lance 
62 Plus feature 
66 Gel !he ball ,ofUnc 
68 FOfmer Btll'sh PM 
69 MIniature 
70 Sundial three 
71 Can. proYlllCe 
72 Gell,,,, !he lOP "ade 
73 Half . golf course 
16 Refrain syllables 
77 Saharan 
18 • _ of Fortune-
79 Bless,nc 
80 Saudi leader 
81 Fusses 
83 Mofe Inclined 
84 Grossly WlCked 
86 Most slippery 
87 Festive occaSion 
88 German chemtCal cartel, I.G. _ 
89 Allemple,s 
90 Ungulate 's foot 
91 Coocl"ale 
92 line of IfIQUlfy 
93 Acl otl_ 
97 UnCOOked 
99 Tours 10 be 
100 Hand's bfeadth 
101 Greek peak 
102 H.S. Junior's exam 
103 Fofdaway bed 
104 Golch.' 
105 Tha,'s netC/1bO, 
106 ElecltOOtCS co. 
107 Co,ne, pipe 

~~~OrinkREAL BEER 
7536 Fay Ave. 456·BREW 

,1(10" II r, 11 1 VONS 

TID 

Tuesday, January 19. 1999 

HOSTELS: 
An inexpensive way 
to see the country 
CD II Hid".. ..... 7 
that do fill up during peak seasons. 
If you plan on staying in a hostel 
during spring break or the summer, 
it is best to make a reservation. All 
that is needed is a credit card num-
ber to keep a bed reserved. . 

Hostels otien have specific rule~ 
and guidelines that they follow to 
keep their rates low. These rules 
may include rcqllesting that travel-
ers perform some sort of small 
chore so management docsn 't have 
to pay people to dean up the hostel. 

Rates Iluctuate between $11 and 
$18 a night. Because they sleep so 
many people to a room (usually 
between six and 12 travelers). there 
are usually enfon:ed lighls out, or 
quiet hours. Hostels provide bunk 
beds that indude a mattress. but it's 
wise to bring your own sheets 
unless you want 10 horrow or rent 
from the front desk. 

Many hostels don ' t allow trolvel-
ers to Imng sleeping bags for tear Ihat 
they will have bugs or other nasty 
things in them. brought in from Ihe 
great outdoors. It is mostly just cau-
tionary health saandanJs to proIC\.:t 
others from less hygienic Irolvelers. 

Guide books recommend bring-
ing a nashlight so thai if you do 
have to get up in the middle of the 
night. you can do so without wak-
ing up everyone in your room.-
There is not wake up call, so if you 
have to stick to a schedule. it 's best 
to bring an alarm dock . And 
although the bathrooms are kept 
prelly dean. ii 's a good idea 10 

bring flip flops for the showers to 
avoid gelling any type of athlete's 
foot or other fungus. 

The most basic rule you as a trav-
eler can follow to keep your stay as 
enjoyable as possible, is to leave the 
place a lillie cleaner then when you 
fOund it. This includes your hunk, 
tbe (.;ommon area. the bathroom and. 

mo~t importantly. the kitchen. . 
"Never, ever leave a sink full of 

dirty pols and pans behind," stated 
Halper and Karr. 'That's bad form." 

Some hostels also enforce a 
lockoul during the day to save 
money on hired help, and 10 force 
Iravelers 10 interact· with the 
locales. To prevent people from 
laking up residence in the hostel , 
some may enforce a maximum 
time limit that you can stay that can 
range from Ihree days to IwO 
weeks. 
...... ~ 

There are two main umbrella 
groups that many of the hostels 
belong to in the United Stales. The 
first is Ihe Hosteling International-
American Youth Hostels (HJ-AYH) 
which tend to re"eive the best rat-
ings overall from Iravelers. Mem-
berships arc $25. 

The second is Rucksackers 
North America (RNA), which has 
morc' relaxed siandards then HI-
AYH. Aside from Hostels U.S.A. 
and the guides put out by Hoslelling 
Inlernational, books on hostelling 
can be oblained from bookstores or 
from AAA. Additionally. informa-
lion can he found on the web at 
IIIIp:llwww.hiayh.o·rg/ and, for 
Canada. at ""IJ:llwlVlV.llOsteling-
illtl.m/. For those seeking out inde-
pendenl hostels, it is wisest 10 look 
for infnnnation that is not pul out by 

Volunteers 1 2 yrs. and older are needed for a 
Research Drug Study. 

All testing and study medications will be 
provided at no charge. 

Compensation will be provided for 
quali~ed participants. 

Toll Free 1 ~888·Study·88 Ask for Research 
w.".. W ......... , M.D. 

DIPLOMATE , AMERICAN BOARD OF INIERNAl MEDICINE 

4330 La Jolla Village Dr. 
Suite 130 

Loan Consultant 
&n Diego. CA 92122 
619-969-3521 

7b find out how much home you can alford, give me a call. 

................... 

The UCSD Guardian 

Juhus Cllo< / Guardlan 
.... WIllI • VIew: Romario Haythem from Sudan looks out over 
the ocean at the Banana Bungalo Hostel in Pacific Beach. 

FEATURES II 

JuhuS ChOt / Guard,an 
G'.,: Kim long from Austral ia 
cutting an orange in OB. 

Juhus COOI/Guard,an 
s.t: Ocean Beach International Hostel stores and rents out surf boards for patrons. The hostel is a 
block away from the beach . 

What MeAT course 
did people who 
got· into medical 

school taket? 
All Others 

..... ..,790/0 
Call today to enroll! 

1·800·KAp·TEST 
www.kaplan.com 



12 CLASSIFlEDS The UCSD Guardian 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
FLY CHEAP!! 
* ROUND TRIP COURIER FARES" 
London $349 SIng $300 Hong Kong $389 
China $360 Sydney $580 lIIngIiak $370 

CLASSIFIEDS 
Classified Line 

Ad Rates 
........ : 13 ..... 2OworcII 

Fecully • iliff. ... ..... 20 worcII 
AlothIn: ....... 20 worcII 

AIR COURIER INTERNATIONAL 
1-800-298-1230 24 hr 

ATTN GRAD STUDENTS 

The UCSD Guardian rnelY" the right 10 classify. edil. deIet, oftenslve words and 
phrases. and/or re'use any and a. advertlsemenls without prior noIIficalion. The Advertiser 
will nol hold the Guardian liable 'or any claims redlng 'rom Ihe pubIicIIlion 0' the 
advertisement. The publisher will also not be held accountable 'or any ctalm 'rom an 
agreemenl made b~n the advertiser and the consumer. 

Advance PlY"*'1 is ,.quIred. 

Classified Display 
Ad Rates 

Copy should be r8lliewed by the advertiser for errors. In order 10 be corrected in Ihe nexl 
regular Issue. all errors muSI be reported by lhe corresponding deadline. Credll wNI only 
be given 'or lhe incorrect portion of the adve~nt. Ther. are no refunds for cancellations. 
PIe_ NncI II' co".epondence regenIfng CI_"*,- 10: 

$1.00 per column Inch 
DIIIdIInM: 

__ .....,MI LInt .. 
......, .... lIIIn. 3,.lIIIn. UCSD Gu8fdlan. Attn: C ..... fled •• IlOO Gilman Drive 103'" La Jolla, CA 12013. 

Actual location: Studenl Center A. Room 217. 'fIIIn*r ......... 3,. ..... 

Don't miss this panel 
discussion on how you can 

use your Ph.D. in a 
nontraditional career in the 

university setting. Meet UCSD 
Ph.D.s who will share insights 

from their experience and 
provide suggestions for 

finding a job. 
Career Sennces Center 
www esc ucsd edu 534-3750 

PARTY IN BAJA! Rosarito 
Beachfront 1-7 bedroom homes. 
Surf. sun. sand. swim- singles. 
couples. groups $29-$3951night. 
011-52·615-50174. (1/11-21) 
Start your own fraternity! Zeta Beta 
Tau is looking for men to start a 
new chapter. If you are interested 
in academic success. a chance to 

network and an opportunity to make 
friends in a non-pledging 
brotherhood. e-mail: 
zbtOzbtnational.org or call Mike 
Simon at (317)334-1898. (1/14-28) 

JOB FAIR 
TUNE-UP 

Don't know how to prepare for 
the Multicultural Job Fair (1121)? 

Get great tips on how to 
make the most of your time 

at the job fair: 
Tues., Jan. 19, 11:30·1 
Career Servlces Center 
www esc ucsd edu 534 3750 

Thurgood Marshall Dean's office is 
selling See's candy for $1 . Come 
see our new t-shirt deSigns! 

The 
£pi,scopaL Students' 

Assocmtwn 
invites you to nourish your soul, 

mind, and body. Take a break from 
your hectic schedule for a time of '# 
peace. renewal , and refreshment 
among friends. Please join us for: 

'Lnfof'maL commu.nwn sef'vice, 
Thou.qht f uL Chf'i,stmn cii,scu.sswn, 
Fn~e cii,nnef' - pi,zza. & othef' 90ocii.es 

Students, Faculty, & Staff Welcome 
Every Wednesday evening 

5 :00 p.m. to 6:30 p.m. 
International Student 

Center 

Do you feel that being able to communicate 
interculturally can help you in the future? 

.loin Eleanor Roosevelt College in the 

InTfRcuL TURaL 
COmmUnICaTIOn 

WoRkshop 
Mondays from 4:30 • 6:30 pm 

Pepper Canyon Lodge starting February 1 
All UCSD Students are welcome 
for more inlomation aocl/or to register 

($S regilltntion fee), plelse conblct: 
E1eaaor Rooenelt College Dean's omu at 534-2237 

Registration Deadline: Friday, January 12". 
But don't procrMHrrate - SPACES ARE LIMITED! 

Kimberlee x45988. (1119-3111) 

T h u r g () () d M ,II', h ,Ii I 
C()lIq~l' 

Schol ;lSt"ship Fund 
D. ,\!. (),' " 1 I : I ; Ij 

SWEATSHIRTS 
TEE'S & SEE'S 

FnltemHJe.. SororItJe.. Club., 
Student Groapa. Eam $1.000-
$2.000 this semester with the easy 
CIS three hour fundraising event. 
No sales required. Fundraiaing 
dates are filling quickly. so call 
today! Contact Dan Wolman at CIS 
(800)922-5579. (1/19-214) 
The Episcopal Students 
Association meets every 
Wednesday from 5:00-6:30 p.m. in 

th~ Intemational Student Center 
Conference Room for communion. 
Christian dicussion. and free dinner. 
Students. faculty. and staff 
welcome. Call 534-6549 for 
information. i!/~_ _ _ 

EVE N T S 

MunJ-Culturai Penon. presented 
by Edwina Welch. Director of the 
Cross Cultural Center. To be 
presented on Jan. 19, 1999 from 3-
4:30p.m. in the Price Center Gallery 
B. Sponsored by Student 
Organizations & Leadership 
Opportunities. For more info call 
534-0501. (1/14-19) 

EMPLOYMENT 
learn Bartending 

Looking for experienced. high-
energy babysitter for two year old 
in Del Mar. Car owner preferred. 
Need 15 hrslWeek and pays $6-81 
hr. Call Kelly 619-350-0829. (1111-
28) 
Camp Wayne for Girls-sister half of 
brother/sister private camp in 

Leadership Seminar: You ... the Northeastern Pennsylvania (3 hrs 

Brain, Clnslilus 
Iglril18111d 
111111 11111'1 

A Meeting of Minds at the Center for 
Brain & Cognition (UCSO) 
Jil",., 22121 1:",. -I:.,. 

11111 ....... 2 tlr. z E7,fI'" , ..... _ ...... , 
SPllfrl,. Incllllll: 
Dr. Francis Crick (Inaugural Lecture) 
Dr. Antonio Darnasio 
Dr. Patricia Church land 
Dr. Tim Pons 
& Others 

Organized by: 
Dr. V.S. Ramachandran 

Carri8 Armel. MA carmelOpsy.ucsd.edu 

Tuesday. January 19. 199:J 

from New York City) 6122-8120199. 
If you love children and want a 
caring, fun environment we are 
looking to hire staH for: Tennis. 
Golf, Gymnastics, Swimming 
(W.S.1. preferred), Sailing. 
Waterskiing, Plano, Basketball, 
SoftbaH. Volleyball. Soccer. Self-
Defense. Low Ropes. Drama 
Director. Drawing and Painting. 
Ceramics. Photography. Jewelry. 
Linoleum Cuts. BatIk. Calligraphy. 
Sculpture. Guitar. Silk-Screening. 
Cheerleading. Aerobica. Video. 
Group Leaders. Drivers. 
Housekeeping. Night 
Watchperson. Kitchen/Salad. On 
Campus Interviews February 22nd. 
Call 1-800-279-3019 or e-mail: 
campwaynegOaol.com (1114-21 
16) 

Sales Rep wanted for wetsuits. 
surfboards. scuba . 25% 
commission of gross sales. No 
investment. only your time. Ethan 
222-4290. (1/19-25) _ 
FREE RADIO + $12501 Fundraiser 
open to student groups and 
organizations. Eam $3-5 per Visa! 
MC app. We supply all materials at 
no cost. Call for info or visit our 
website. Qualified callers receive a 
FREE Baby Boom Box. 1-800-932-
0528 x65 www.ocmconcepts.com 
(1/1_9,-) ___ _ 
University Centers Marketing 
Department has several 
immediate openings from entry 
level to senior staff positions. 
Interested?? Go online to 
www.theuniversilycenters.ucsd.edu 
Click on "employment" for more 
information and an application. Or 
stop by the EDNA booth in the 
Price Center Plaza to apply. Apply 
today I . (~1.:..;/1:..=9.!...) ______ _ 
Restaurant: Hostess/Host. Part-
Time weekends. $6 to $8Ihr. plus 
tips. Will also train for food service. 
Apply 9:00a.m. to 2:00p.m. 
Monday-Friday. The Eggery. Etc. 
4130 Mission Blvd. Pacific Beach. 
SeePhiJ. (619)274-3122. (1119-281 
Summer Camp Coun.elor. 
Wanted. Camp La Jolla. The 
Nation's .1 Fitness and Weight 
Loes Camp needs FUN, Reaident 
Camp CounaeIonI. Room, Board, 
and Pay. Look for us at the Job Fair 
or email us at 
www.campljOaol.com Fax 
(619)435-8188 Phone (619)436-
7992. (1119-21) 
Nanny Wanted: Child care for 
fourteen month old baby in my 
Carmel Valley home beginning 
early to mid-February. Part-time. 
Tuesday and Thuraday 8 a.m. to 1 
p.m. Non-smoking. English-
speaking, light housekeeping and 
references required. Please call 
__ 5209. (1/19-21) 
Help Wanted- Chlldcare/ light 

:ruesday. January 19. 1999 

cIe8ning M-F 1-4p.m. Experiencedl l..:( 1~/1:.:::.9-..::.28=t.) ______ _ 
energetic person to care for 7 month 
twins. Solana Beach $7/hr. FOR RENT 
(619)794-6912. (1119) Share large master bedroom wi 
PART-TIME FREEDOM: You bath. Walking distance to school. 
determine your own hours. your Near buses. shopping. $320 + 113 
own pace and your own utilities. Villa La Jolla apartments. 
compensation. Great way to work ~k for Marc 587-8875. (1/11-214) 
around your current schedule. earn Studio apartment. located at Villa 
extra money and try new financial La JollalVia Mallorca. available for 
services career. For more February 1st move in. must qualify. 
information. cal Jacyln (619)479- Call 452-78n immediatel . (1/19) 
5861. (1119-21) _ Room available in 5 bedroom 
Part-Time childcare wanted. Will house. Del Mar. Hot tub. Washerl 
pay hourly rate or exchenge for Dryer. Nice house near beach. 
room and board. Call Edor Rhonda $.45OJmOntt,. 509-7973. (1119-1125) 
at (619)481-3727: (1/19-28) Female needed to rent room in PB. 
PIT Customer Service Near Beachlflexible rent. Call at 
Representative. 25-30 flexible 581-6087. (1/19-21) 
hours/wk. Entry-level. no 
experience . required. Some 
Saturdays. $7Ihr. Contact Phillip at 
(619)576-7444. (1/19-21) 
S1500weeIdy potential mailing our 
circulars. No Experience Req~red. 
Free information packet: Call 
(202)452-5940. (1119-3129) • 

Yoh Scientiftc needs: 
-ChemisL~ 

oBiochemists 
oMicrobiologists 

oMolecular Biologists 
oResearch Associates 

oLabTec:hniciansi Assistants 
-Chemical Engineers 
Fax (619)6ll-9048 

Phone (619)6ll-9005 

LlM!b 
PIT SALES CLERK wanted for a 
friendly, faat-pace UTC area florist. 
Must be available some weekends. 
Call Sandra 622-9999. (1119-21)_ 
Job. on Campu.1 The Price 
Center & Student Center have 
immediate job openings with 
flexible hours. That's right! Moming. 
aftemoon. evening & graveyard 
shifts. Even weekends. Check out 
all the jobs and apply on line at 
www ........ IItyC* ... ·ad_ 
under "Employment_" Or apply at 
EDNA in the Price Center or Student 

FOR SALE 
START THE NEW QUARTER 
WITH A COMPUTERIPRINTERI 
Macintosh Powefbook 520e laptop 
$800. Macintosh IIsi wi external 
CD-ROM. speake .... and modem 
forintemetconnection-$600. Many 
programs installed in both 
computers including: Word Perfect. 
PowerPoint, PrinlShopOeluxe. and 
more. Hewlett Packard 560c color 
printer $200. Hewlett Packard 
Deskwriterprinter$150. CaJIAdoIfo 
6-10 p.m. at 421-1373. (1/19-28) 
Canon Innova laptop. 360CD with 
32 mb RAM. 133 MHz. Includes 
28.8 modem. Windows 98. Plus! 
98. 1997 Microsoft Office Suite. 
$1000 or best offer. Contact Marc 
587-8875. (1111-28) 
1989 Accura Integra ACiSTEREO. 
xlnt condition. All maintenance 
records on file. 2-door hatchback. 
$4.500 (negotiable) 
baheerO qualcomm.com 651-
2504. (1/14-19) 
BRAND NEW. Unused 3' COM 
Ethernet Car (RJ-4S) $550bo. 
SEGA GENESIS: Good condition. 
two controllers. 8 games. $55 obo. 
Buy both for $80. 257-5502 pgr. (11 
19-21) 

VV ANT E 0 
Center Services. (1/19-211) Research subjects reimbursed for 

interview. If you are a UCSD 

The UCSD Guardian 

(dust. grass. animals) needed as 
blood donors. Will be reimbursed 
$35.00 forblood donation. Contact 
534-2374. 117-19) 

Asian 
Egg Donor 
Neededl 

Loving infertile couple is hoping 
to find a kind woman to help us 
have a baby. We're hoping 
to find someone intelligent with a 
Chinese. Japanese. or Korean 
background. Artistic and athletic 
talent appreciated. 
(800) 886-9373 ext 7225 

farnw 
Compensation $6,500 

plus expenses 
Thonk you for your consideration 

EGG DONORS 
.,.. A DIf'f'EREDC£" 
In coupIH 1lve11N1 are longing 10 
'- • fWIy. They need your speciIII 

HelP. 
If you _ healthy end beIwwn 

,-.30 yra old. 
Compe .. _1Ion is heartily given tor 
your lime end elforl-$3000 plul 

1110 tor".".. .......... 
Plea .. cal 

CIIEIIIK CIIIICEPTIIL R. 
J-III-IIlK_ 

Healthy volunteers ages 25 to 50 
years old are needed for a study 
exarning the effect of sound on the 
eyebllnk reflex allhe UCSD Medical 
Center in Hillcrest. No medications. 
Intact hearing required. Free shuttle 
transportation is available. Earn up 
to $50.00. Call 543-2494 for 
information. (1/14-218) 
SMOKERS- 18-30 years old who 
have tried to quit smoking 
unsuccessfully. We would like to 
hear from you and ask you about 
what you have done to break the 
habit. Call the law firm of Dougherty 
& Hildre at (619)232-1931 . (1/19) 

SERVICES 
ROOMMATES 

sludent, 21-25. call 552-8585 x4185 Horseback riding lessons for 
Roommate to share 2 BDR 2 BA for more information. (1/11-613) students/staff. $10Ihr. Westem or 
luxurious condo in UTC. Indoor WI 
D. Secure underground parking. 
$4751mo. 112 utilities. Call Jim. 546-
8128. (1/11-21) 
Hilcrest $45OImo. share 2 bdr/1 
bath apartment. yard. garage. 
female preferred. 1 block south of 
University Ave. Close to all. 
Available ASAP (619)294-8828. (11 
14-21) 
Pacific Beach. Female to share 3 
bedroom condo. own bethroom. 
parking. $43OImonth. 1/3 utilities 
$400 deposit. No pets. 581-9237. 

An adventure in cards and gifts 

" " ., 
-!I): 

15%OFF 
S1UDENTDISCOlflI' 
MtlPURQlA8Ew,.....,. 

roo Regents Roed .114 
in the Vona c.... (619) 450-0709 

Volunteers paid $30.QO for 
interview. If you are entirely of 
Japanese or Korean descent. age 
21-25. call 552-8585 x 2182. (117-

English. Imperial Beach area. Show 
horses. no nags! Call (619)523-
0474. (1114-25) 

613) Having problems with Prudential 
UCSD ALLERGY STUDY: paying your medical bills? We'd 
Subjects with current allergy like to help. Please e-mail us at 
symptoms to inhaled allergens !'ruProbsOaol.com. (1/19-28) 

• ~Pt .ng bt ~ '-tk fe'~ e~ 
. ~. z 

'arb Hard: -Ttarel Safe 
C~wp lir,Kc.ls. Gf"ttc1l c1dVir,c.. Nir,c. pc.oplc.. 

Alllnclusiv~s: ~ 
MAZATLAN for a,1ow al 

$399. quad 
CAN~9~~U"'dIOW al SAN FEUPE: 4 day, In 
CARNIVAL CRUISE Cabana8 bchfrnt ... $129. quad 

4 day. $231. DBL HONOLULU; 4nt8. for a8 
,. '0ed 5 loIN a8 $429. quad LIm", pace 

50mf I!Slroct'ons apply. Subl0ct 10 Av •• I.b.loly 
Ttlxes not Induded 

~~~--------------,.... ClEE: COIIDdI 011 Int_danal Edu~.tlon" EKbange 
9500 Gilman Drive 
UCSD Price Center Ste. 76 
La Jolla ' (619) 452,0630 

- .. 

. . 

PERSONAL INlIY 
FORMER LA & SO 

DEPUTY DISTRICT ATTORNEY 

JOHN L PHllUPS 

• Auto 
Accidents 

• Dog Bite 
• Head 
Injuries 

[ - Free Consultation l No Recovery!No Fee 
619.794.17'0 
1125 Camino Del Mar, Ste. 0, 

DelMar 

PERSONALS 
Dearest Eric (Chueng-Chueng) 
Hehe . .. what else can I say? I love 
youl5201 Aishiteruyo! Your Babe. 
Emily. (1/19) 
Aurora (the Roman goddess of 
dawn) ... your friendship and 
personality provided a smile to all 
who were priviliged to know you. 
Your flowers now brighten up a far 
better place. We will miss you. 
Farewell from all of us at the 
Guardian. (1/19) 
Programming note: Today's soap 
operas will be pre-empted by a 
soap opera. (1/19) _ 

CLASSIFIEDS 13 

Well. we don't see anything on the 
list of in-house birthdays. so ... oh 
wait. there is one item here. Here's 
today's HB from the G to the hardest 
working man in advertising. B. 
Haller. PS-Brock. it works beller 
ilthe potato goes in the front. (1/19) 
The Guardian Valentine I •• ue I. 
coming up aoonl Thur •• , Feb. 
11. Look for the special Valentine 

rsonals and more! (1119) _ 

surfboards, bodyboards 
wetsuits, swimsuits 

clothing, skateboards 
snorkle gear, and more 

The UCSD Career Services Center presents the 8th Annual 

MULTICULTURAL 

Co-sponsored by: 
c-ClllrllCIIIIr • Career positions & internships 
...... II .. 

.... • Open to all students and 
......,......... .. Id' II 
, ' . lin majors inC u mg a 
....!......,,, underrepresented groups 
... 1I", •• n . 

• Bring your resumes! 
NEED HELP 

PREPARING FOR 
THE JOB FAIR? 

Attend one of the two 
Job Fair Tune-Up 

workshops: 
Fri., Jan. 15, 11 :30-1 

or Tues., Jan. 19, 11 :30-1 
at the Career Services 

Center 
Bring your resume lor a 

critique! 
Get tips on hoW to make the 
most of your time at the Fall1 

Dun., Jan. 21 
10:3Oam • 2:30pm 
on Library Walk 

(If rainy, PC Ballroom) 
See partiCIpant list at: www-csc.ucsd.edulcsclmCjf.htm 

u( ;.,u CH""f SrfVICP<; C"f'lcf • J J.\ F~()' \\\·/w c<;c lIc<;(j edu 

-

-



1 

.1 

14 SPORTS 

M. B-BALL: 
Tritons stomp on 
Hope International 
ContInued frOlll ..... 1. 

"I've heen hegging Coach 
[Lanlhierl all season 10 leI me 
shool from Ihe oUlside because I 
know I can." Russ said. ··Finally. 
Ihe malchup was righl where I 
wuld lake il'lO Ihe lOp of Ihe key 
and fire away." 

Overall. Russ' numbers for Ihe 
game were amazing. induding 17 

po,"L~ on perfecl 7-7 shooting and 12 
rehounds ill only 16 minutes on the 
110or. With hench support like that 
the starters can resl a little easier. 

Forward Sam Higgins was Ihe 
high scorer for UCSD. with 19 
points and 5 rehounds. Triton pen-
elrating point guard Tyler Garratt 
added 13 points, and was a perfect 
4-4 from the free Ihrow line. 

The Triton 's unsellishness with 
Ihe ball is anolher reason why 
UCSD has been so effeclive Ihis 
season. Reserve poinl guard Nick 
Chrisliansen led Ihe learn with 5 
as~ i s ls , while five olher Trilons had 
4 assists apiece. 

Overall . UCSD shol 49 percent 
from Ihl! floor and 41 percenl from 
beyond the Ihree-poinl line. The 
Triton defense slifled Hope into 
shooting only 40 percenl from Ihe 
Iloor and a horrid 1-12 heyond Ihe 
Ihree-poinl stripe. 

Unfortunall!ly for aSSIStant coach 
Dave Dillon. the crowd of 1,135 

The UCSD Guardian 

Usa Huff/Guardian 
Iu...,.w: Center Ahmad Russ lays in two of his 17 points. Russ 
also led the team in rebounds with 12 and hit two three·pointers. 
fans at Saturday's game was not Night is a hattie between all live 
enough to break the single game wlleges 10 gel Ihe mosl sludents to 
RIMAC attendance mark 01'2.124. attend. This looks to be the best 

Next up for UCSD is a malch chance yet to "Save Dave," so 
against UC Santa Cruz Ihis Friday come OUI and show your support of 
at 7 p.m. on UCSD Spirit Night. Triton basketball, your college and 
Always a exdling affair. Spirit help Dave finally get off the roof' 

w. B-BALL: 
Three-pointers help 
UCSD's game 

~ •• d"",,,,,18 
sophomore also showed her 
strength inside, as she brought 
down 6 rebounds - one shy of 
center Ashley Kokjohn's team-
best of? 

Ernsberger said that it is this 
kind of elTort off the bench that is 
really starting to shape the 
Tritons' play. 

"People are coming in and doing 
their job," Ernsberger said. 'They 
are playing solid defense and 
they're no( afraid to shoolthe ball." 

Because the bench has been so 
strong, it has taken some pressure 
otlthe Tritons' starters. 

"The starters can relax, know-
ing that they can depend on the 
bench to step it up if they are hav-
ing a bad day," Ernsberger said. 

Though none of the starters 
had a poor outing against the 
Tigers, Teasdale, a starting guard, 
said that having the bench play 
more has been beneficial to the 
team. 

"Just confidence-wise, those 
games when everyone plays are 
good for the team," Teasdale said. 
"They 're also a lot more fun to 
watch." 

In the Tritons' Thursday night 
cross-town matchup against Point 
Lorna Nazarene University, 
Teasdale spent some time on the 

Tuesday, January 19, 1999 

bench watching her fellow play-
ers put UCSD over the top. 
Though the Tritons' got off to a 
slow start, they stepped it up. Off 
the bench, sophomore center Kim 
"Shaquille" Neal put on a great 
show. Neal was 4-8 from the floor 
and made a couple of crucial 
game-sealing free throws in the 
final minutes of the second half. 

Once again, the Tritons were 
forced to go to the outside. which 
paid otT. UCSD shOl a respectable 
5-16 from outside the three. 
Making the three successfully has 
added a new dynamic to the team. 

"Shooting threes gives us 
more options," Ernsberger said. 
"We can go to the three if we need 
to, but it also allows us to work 
the ball inside and down low." 

The Tritons' next chance to 
improve on their already strong 
outside shot comes this weekend, 
as they travel to the Bay Area for 
a trio of games: Mills College on 
Friday night. UC Santa Cruz on 
Saturday and Division UI new-
comer C';U Hayward on Monday. 

EERING· MECHANICAL ENGINEERI G· BUSINESS ANALYSI 

When something is too extr_ for words, It\ to the Nth d .... And that's the 
lev.! of technology fOU'lI experience ot Roytheon. 
Raytheon hOI formed a new technological superpower-Raytheon Systems 
Company, composed of four major technological giants: Raytheon Electronic 
Systems, Raytheon E-Systems, Raytheon TI Systems and Hughes Aircraft. 
The _ Raytheon Systems Company is driving technology to the limit. And we're 
looking for engineers who want to push the envelope. Break new ground. 
Make their mark. 
At Raytheon, ~·lItak. technology-and your career-to the highest pOllible 
Iev.!. You'll Ian it to the Nth. 
We .~ve a lot to t.e~ you about the new Raytheon Systems Company and the 
excitIng opportunities we have available. Plan on visiting our booth at fOUr 
college career fair. If you are unable to aHend the fair then check out __ w.beite at 
www.rayjobs.com and please send rour resume to: Raytheon Resume Processing 
Center, P.O. Box 660246, MS-201, Dallas, TX 75266. 

Tuesday, January 19, 1999 The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 15 

More Trophies Please 
IN THE HUNT: UCSD is hoping for a 2nd straight Sears Cup . 
By John MIl,... 
Sports Editor 

To win a back-to-back Division III Sears 
Directors' Cup is an unprecedented feal. But 
the Tritons are known for traveling into 
uneharted waters. 

This past fall, UCSD's women's soccer 
team broke virgin ground on its quest for the 
first-ever Division III four-peal. Though the 
women came up short. their efforts added 
points to this year's Sears Cup race, adding 
to the pos.~ibility thai UCSD may take the 
coveted title for a consecutive year. 

If the Tritons hope to take home the crys-
tal in June, they have their work cut out for 
them. As of Dec. 22, UCSD finds itself back 
in ninth place in the overall standings. 
Compiled from team finishes in men's and 
women's cross country. men's and women's 
soccer, women's volleyball, field hockey, 
football and men's water polo, UCSD's 120 
points falls 90 points shy of this year's 
Division III leaders, College of New Jerscy 
and Williams (Mass.), who top the charts 
with 210 points. 

Helping UCSD reach top honors last 
year were, among others. the women's soc-
cer and volleyball squads. whose National 
Championships each tallied 100 points. 
Though titles were not won this year, 
women's soccer brought in 20 points, and 
women's volleyball earned tlO points with 
it's second-place national finish. 

The men's water polo team. which had it 
strongest season in recent years. finished 
third in the nation behind Division I USC 
and Stanford. delivering a healthy contribu-

John Barber/Guardian 

tion as the top team in Division III to 
UCSD's Sears Cup tOlal . 

Men's cross country also added 10 points 
to the pot with its 21 st place finish. 

Though we find ourselves hehind eight 
other 5(;hools, there is no reason to panic. 
The men's basketball team is oil to its best 
season ever, and the women are as solid is 
ever, not to mention our swimming and div-
ing teams. Plus, a plethora of other squads 
such as baseball and softball will be opening 
their seasons in the next few weeks all 
promising a tight race to the finish. 

TEACH IN CALIFORNIA! 

Project 
. Pipeline 

Teacher Credentialing Program 
CALIFORNIA 

Education, Mathematics, Science. Liberal Arts, 
Social Science, and English Majors .... 

YOU are invited to learn how to 
Earn Tour Teaching 
Credentialtbrough 
a Paid Internship * 

*Full time, two-year teaching position with full pay and benefits 

'niurs.clay, January 11' 
S p.m. to 6:30 p.m. 

UCSD Price Center, 2nd floor 
Santa BarbaraILos Angeles Room 

Visit our website: www.projectpipeline.org 

.~ 

Hawaii Sinks UCSD 
LEI'ED: Rainbows defeat Tritons twice on trip to the Islands 
By Bin aure" 
Senior Staff Writer 

A week in Hawaii in the middle of 
January might seem like a dream come true 
to most students. but the UCSD men's vol-
leyball team found their trip to the island~ 
last week to he more of a nightmare. 

The Tritons left for Hawaii last Tuesday 
for a pair of matches against the UniversilY 
of Hawaii, the No. 3 team in Division 
I volleyhall. Despite a valiant 
efforl. the Tritons 
dropped hoth matches 
10 Ihe Rainhow~. 

The TrilOns, coming off a 
crushing defeal 10 Pepperdine 
University on Jan. 9, were dbviously sluggish 
and possibly still a lillie jet-lagged in their 
first malch against the Rainhows on 
Wednesday. UCSD put up a Oa:ent fight, but 
they were never really in the match as they 
eventually fell, tI-15. 4-15. 8-15. 

"We hil poorly and didn't dig anything in 
thai firsl match," said first-year Triton coach 
Jon Stevenson. "Devon Jeffcoat was the 
only guy that was effective oflensively." 

Middle hlocker Jeffcoat was an excep-
tional force in the first match, tallying tI kills 
and 3 hlocks against a lough Rainbow 
defense that included All-American middle 
blocker Andre Breuer. 

The Triton's serving, however, was up 
and down in the first match. Senior seller 
Kurt Seckington made 4 service aces and 
sophomore outside hiller Zack Hite added 
three more aces, hut 16 Triton service errors 
killed any chance of an upset. 

In the sccond match the Tritons had 
many reasons to be optimistic . They had 
played the Rainbows closely in the firsl 
match, and now they had a beller idea as to 

what style they played. Moreover, Breuer, 
the Rainbows slar middle blocker, was oul 
with an ankle sprain he suflered in the third 
game of Ihe first match. All signs pointed 10 
a Trilon upset, but that idea was quickly pUI 
to bed as the Rainhows came OUI smoking in 
the first game and shu I the Tritons (lut , 15·0. 

The match could only get better for the 
Tritons. and Ihey began to loosen up and 
. play their game. The fact that UCSD 

could play with the Rainbows wa~ 
evident in the second game. 
which was tied 6-6 for 13 
consecutive sideouls hcfore 

Ihe Tritons eventually fell, 7- 15. 
In the third game, the Trilons put up 

their best effort yet against Hawaii. and 
managed 10 score 10 points before falling, 
10-15. Once again UCSD's serving let them 
down, as it totaled 22 service errors againsl 
only 4 service aces. 

Coach Jon Stevenson said Ihat UCSD 
made obvious improvement from the firsl 
match, but the team's serving is still poor. 

"You can take it one way or the olher." 
Stevenson said about his team 's serving 
problems. "We served poorly. which is obvi-
ously not what we wanl. But we slill played 
with them. which says if we wrrect our ser-
vice errors we mighl be able 10 win ." 

Seckington once again had a solid game, 
collecting 3 kills and 311 assists, while Hite 
and senior middle blocker Bill Sinclair 
totaled 10 kills apiece. Freshman outside 
hillers Jordan Hove and Scot Hastings also 
helped out with a combined 12 kills. 

Being classitied in the Mountain Pacific 
Sports Federation pits UCSD against many 
of Ihe top Division] programs in Ihe coun-
try. The Tritons take on the powerful 
University of Southern California :Trojans. 

CONSIDERING 
LAW SCHOOL? 

please Join Us At 
A Reception 

Tuesclay, 
January 26 
2:30 • 6:30p. 
San Franclsco/ 

Santa Cruz Roo. 
Price Center 

Hosted by Former UCSD 
Students Who Teach At 
Or Attend San Diego's 

Thomas Jefferson 
School Of law 

Refreshments Will 
Be Served 

-

" 

-



-, 

16 SPORTS 

"F. "."",. dun't aHwttI_. MI.t 
"".". - '- It»iIIt to ,., "."",. •• 

- D .... Royll 
Ie _as roomall Coach 

Thc UCSD Guardian Tuesday, January 19. 1999 

PORTS 
Wild 
Claim 

Since adding a good outside game to their big 
"."SASKETBALLI inside presence, UCSD has become tough to beat 

John Maynard 
Snowboarding: A 
Big Fashion Show 

My li.:l.: i, ion 11m weekend 10 
, nowt)()ard ralh~r Ihan , 1., w."n·1 
,thoUI ' poning. It wa~ ahoul fa ~h ­
Illn - a faci Ihal dl\gu' I' Ill~ . 

Snllwhoan.ling ha, hc~ n 
loonlln!! o\(!r Ill) head lor qUile 
,om~ lime. and II h;1\ alway, 
ClIm~ dOlI n III an " , Ul! 01 cool-
ne .... . Aller all , ~nowhoardlng 
i,n'l rea lly ahoul half-cah, and 
5-Hh. II '" ahoul ' I) 1.:. MO'1 
, nowhoarder, cJn 'l do hall -cah" 
McT\1 "" or mel hod air,. hUI 
Ihe) can 1001. hl.e Ih~) can. In 
Ihe ,ame way Ihat , uding ha, 
el'oh cd more ml Cl a , Ialemenl of 
la, hlon and IdenlilY Ihan aClual 
r roll e,., . .,0 h;l\ \nowhoardmg. 

From II , very hl!g lnning, 
\nowhoarding ha .. carned a vl! ry 
Jame, Dean-e,que qualilY of 
cool. The I.ilb loved il. Ihe rar-
enl , loalhed it. Inilially. mo,1 
.,k I re,o r! , rci'u,cd 10 all oll> 
, nowhoarder, on Iheir , Iopc". 

Filleen year, lal er, , now-
hoard parI., arc now the Icllmg 
tall: 01 a rc,orl', cooln..:,.,. Today 

I h~ "'U~ "n 'l I a lica l Icel. hUI 
hOlI huge Ihe hll' ale. 

Whal'" lunn) 10 llIe Ihough. 
1\ h(111 r":\OI I., Iry 10 k..:e p ~ now­
hoard.;r, I n nne area 01 I hl! 
1ll0Unl aln . Re\orl , like Snow 
Sumlllil hal e dedi cal ed an 
enlire " de ot Ihe mounlam 10 
,noli hoarder,. Ironically. Ihe,e 
rehe lll llll\. , uprO'>ed i nd ivldual-
1\1, !lock Ihere like il' , Ihe he,1 
Ihmg \ince peroxide and MTV 

\!edle" 10 '''Yo and ,hallle-
lui In ,a} . I wa, one of Ilm,e 
pcopl.: . Midway Ih rough Illy 
, nowhoarding rremiere, afler I 
lIa,> con lidenl enough 10 .,Inng 
logelher a ,ene, of hee l and loe-
edged lurn.,. I I'l!nlured my way 
mer 10 Ihe pa rI. . 

I exrl!cled 10 he dallied hy 
lilll "dc, and JIl(h. hUI only \a ll' 
,I hunch 01 rea ll ) coo l-looking 
reor!.: la ll on Ihclr face,. I \;111> 
girl, II IIh ncat hUII l! rll ) har-
re lic, In Ihelr red-, In:akl!d , hon 
h:llr and hah) -hlue ,>nowhoard, 
Ir) Ing In "hu" hl g air," only 10 
come ur , hon - way \horl. I 
, aw g uy~ in khaki cargo ~ now ­
nOJ rd panh doing much wor,e 
IhJn an, 01 Ihe g irl ~. Bul. I give 
Ihem credll - Ihl!Y lookl!d good 
dOing II. Wa) good. 

Pcrh ,'r ~ Ihe mo" lelling ~ Idc 
01 my day camc al lunch. when 
an MTV rl! rrc,enlali vc 
arrroached me wilh a fl Yl! r 
cncouragll1g me 10 audlli on for 
Say Whal '! - MTV'~ fanla~ti c 
karaoke ~ how. She enthusiallli-
cally IO ld me Ihal IJH Degrees 
and Sugar Ray were going 10 he 
Ihere. How did she know Ihey 
were my favorile~ !'/ I gue~~ ,he 
~aw my panls. my shaved head, 
my long ,Ieeved T-shirt , and 
Imilledialely a~~umed I wa~ 
cool. Little did ~he know I was a 
two-planker in disgui~e . 

m a 

lisa Huff/ Guardian 
In Your Eye: UCSD reserve Danyiel Wortham drains an inside jumper over helpless Colorado 
College defenders. UCSD won 76-54 as Wortham added 10 points in only 11 minutes on the floor. 

By John Maynard 
Sports Editor 

Whal wa~ once a strategic change 
has now become rouline for thl! UCSD 
wOlllen 's basketbailleam. 

Early in the season, one of Ihe 
Trilons ' main offensive lactics was to 
work Ihe hall inside. Soon opponenls 
caughl on 10 UCSD's success in the 
hole and began 10 dose il off. This 
siralegy forced Ihe Tritons 10 kl!erlhe 
ball on the peri meier and 10 le~t Iheir 
luck shooling from the oUlside. 
Fortunately, their outside shols have 
heen dropping in, and now the TrilOns 
have incorporated the outside shot into 
Iheir offensive game structure. 

Such shooling was Ihe case in 
reeeni malches against Colorado 
College and Poinl Loma Nalarene 
University. On Saturday night againsl 
Colorado College, the Tritons sank a 
remarkable 41 J1Crcent of their three-
point attempts on Iheir way to beating 
the Tigers by a score of 76-45, improv-
ing Iheir record to 10-5 on Ihe season. 
Two days earlier, Ihe TrilOns also 
emrloyed Iheir oUlside shooling 10 
beal thl! Point Loma Crusaders, 66-57. 

Against Colorado College, Ihe 
TrilOns won by a considerable margin. 
Yel junior forward Marci Ernsberger 
believes that their sixth win in seven 
games "was closer Ihan the score say,." 

Senior point guard Trislen Teasdale 
was partly responsihle for the lealll'" 
success from the outside. Teasdale 
went 2-4 from Ihe three-point line and 
led UCSD wilh 8 points atlhe half. 

Torping Teasdale's performance 
from the oUlside however, was sopho-
more guard Koko Nishi, who came otT 
the hench early inlo the second half 
and drained back-Io-back Ilm':e-poinl 
shots. 

"Koko's two Ihree's lired everyone 
liP," Ernsherger said. 

Yel , coming on slrong offlhe bench 
is nOI an uncommon rhenomenon in 
Trilon hoops. Sophomore cenler 
Danyiel Worlham added 10 Nishi '~ 
dazzling array of three-poinlers. 

In only II minutes of playing time, 
Won ham made 5-6 shots, good for a 
team second-best 10 points. The 

See W. HALL, Page 14 

I No Hope for Hope as UCSD Wins 
DRUBBING: Tritons beat up Hope International 101-64, raising UCSD's record to an amazing 16-2 
By Jake Gordon 
Sports Editor 

Thcrc 's an old saying in baskcl-
ball : Ihree points is beller than IWO. 

Using the good old three-poinl 
~hot. Ihe UCSO men's baskelball 
team has fashioned one of the beSI 
~easons ever. If Ihere 's one thing 
the Tritons do best, it 's shoot from 
the outside. Oubbed the "Bomb 
Squad" by the Trilon faithful , 
UCSD prides itself on making 
three-poinlers. If Ihe Tritons can 

hold their opponenlS to a poor 
shooling performance with 
Iheir slrong defense, Ihe 
result is always a 
victory, cour-
lesy of a multi-
lude of three-
point bombs. 

UCSD has used this strategy to 
its advantage all season. Last 
Salurday night. the Tritons brought 
their high-powered offense back to 
RIMAC Arena for a match against 

Hope International UniversilY. The 
large crowd that ilHended was 

not disappointed, as Head 
Coach Greg 

Lanthier's squad 
rolled over Hope 
in a 101-64 win 

thai raised UCSO's record 
to 16-2 on the season. 

In the Triton's big victory, the 
man of the match was senior 
Ahmad Russ, who is in his first 
season for the Tritons. His size and 

strength ofT the bench have been a 
big factor in UCSD's success. 

Despite his good inside game 
however, Russ must have been jeal-
ous of all the three-point specialists 
on the team. On two different occa-
sions, the 6'5", 27S-pound center 
electrified the huge crowd by step-
ping outside the an: and burying the 
trey himself, then hustling hack on 
defense with three fingers pressed 
against his cheek. 

See II. -.eALL, Page 14 


