
Elsewhere 
Police Arrest 
Costume thief 
TUCSON, Ariz.-
University of Arizona police 
arrested UA student Brian 
Dermody last Thursday on 
suspicion of theft and bur-
glary after linding stolen "Le 
Mi serables" and "Rent" cos-
tumes inside his aRartment. 
He was booked on tWO counts 
of third-degree burglary and 
two counts of felony theft. 
Officers arrestcd the studcnt 
after gClling a tip from an 
employee who reportcdly 
overhearing DcnTIody make 
statements about taking the 
items. University of Arizona 
Police Commander Brian 
eastone said officer ' found 

the 30 cuslOm-made "Les 
Miserables" costumes - val-
ued at $1,000 to $1,500 cach 
- that were stolen from UA's 
Ccntennial Hall. 

- Arizol/II Daily Wildell! 

Regents Vote in 
Favor of Increase 
TUCSON, Ariz. - University 
of Montana and Montana 

tatc University, Bozeman 
students will pay extra tuition 
in the nex t year so smaller 
colleges in the state won 't 
have to pay as much. Thc 
Board of Regents voted in 
favor of differentiatcd tuition, 
which will raise tuition at UM 
and MSU-Bozeman in order 
to freeze tuition costs at 
Montana 's two-year and tech-
nical w lleges. The increase 
will cost each student at UM 
and MSU an ex tra $7.06 in 
the year 2000 and $ 13.96 in 
200 I. Regent Ed Jasi m said 
he hoped that differentiated 
tuiti on will bring enrollment 
at Montana's two-year 
schools back up to perCelll -
agcs comparable with the rest 
of the nation. 

- MOl/tana Kaimin 

Coach and Former 
Players Settle 

YRACUSE, N.Y. - On 
Thursday evening, Syracuse 
University and head tennis 
coach Jessie Dwire sell led a 
$762 million sex ual harass-
ment lawsuit out of court 
with two former tennis play-
ers. U and Dwire sell led 
with seni or bacia 
Kornechuk, 1998 graduate 
Kirsten Ericson and their par-
ents, who filed the suit last 
spring. The two former play-
ers alleged in the suit that 
Dwire harassed them verbal-
ly and physically, gave them 
unwanted massages, threat-
ened their scholarships and 
playing time. 

- Daily Orange 

Spoken ••• 
"/t caused a lot of 
people to ask me why 
/ made the sign. 
Now it has a separate 
purpose with respect to 
free-speech rights. " 

- Ryan Benjamin Shapiro 
Warren Freshman 
See story at right 

Internet: www.ucsd.edu/guardian 
E·mail : guardian@ucsd.edu 

Of a Feather Top Four? Teamwork 
A new cartoon for the spring 
quarter by graphic artist John 
Barber debuts this issue 

Will admitting the top 4 
percent of students from each 
high school improve the UC? 

Men take third, womenfourtl! 
at the Division III Swimming 
and Diving Nationals 

UC SAN DIEGO 

News, page 2 Opinion, page 4 

, H E u c 

MONDAY, MARCH 29'1 1999 

STUDENT SUES UCSD 

Punished [or placing a sign in lJis door room 
window. a UCSD student takes his case to the ACW 

By Vincent Gragnani 
Senior Staff Writer 

The Ameri can Civil Liberties Union 
(ACL ) tiled a lawsuit in federal court on 
March II aga inst CSD for reprimanding 
Warren freshman Ryan Benjamin Shapif(l 
for refusing to remove a 'ign contain ing the 
word "fu ck" from the wi ndow of his Warren 
college residence hall. 

Shapiro aid that hi s sign, which stated, 
"Fuck etanyah u and Pinochet," rcfers to 
Israe li Prime Mini ster Benjamin etanyahu 
and former Chikan dictator Augusto 
Pinochet. Shapiro said that after reading an 
article about etanyahu ' in volvement 
with biological weapons, he wanted to 
equate Netanyahu with Pincchet, who is 
on trial for a possible extradition 10 
Spain to be tried for war crimes. 

Shapiro said he posted the sign on 
Nov. 17 of last year. He said that his 
resident advisor asked him to take the 
sign down because the language of 
the sign violated the university'S 
posting policy. 

Shapiro sa id that when he 
refu sed to take it down, the 
Warren college resident dean's 
ofli ce ordered Shapiro to per-
form three hours of community 
service. Shapiro sa id he 
appealed the decision and 
then turned to the ACLU 
after losing that appea l. 
Shapi ro has nOt done the 
community service. 

In a tatement issued on 
March II , the ACLU stat-
ed they believe that 
UCSD's po licies violate 

See ACLU, Page 3 

Sports, page 24 

D 

VOLUME 97, ISS UE I 

UCLA TAs Vote 
in Favor of 
Representation 
CHOICE: PERB has scheduled 
TA elections at seven other UC 
campu e , including UCSD 
By Vincent Gragnanl 
Senior Staff Writer 

In the first election in which teaching 
assistants decided on union representati on, 
TAs at CLA voted earlier this month to be 
representcd by the tudent Association of 
Graduatc Employees/United Auto Workers 
( .A.G.E./UAW) in collecti ve bargaining 
deci sions with the uni versit y. 

'T hesc results are great' This elect ion is 
the cu lmination of our members' enormous 
efforts and dedication, the legis laturc's sup-
port and lega l victories regarding our collec-
ti ve bargaining ri ghts," said UCLA 
S.A.G . .IUAW spokesper on Conni e 
Razza. 

In a statement released last Monday. UC 
President Richard Atkinson stated that the 
universi ty will respect the outcome of the 
election - which was organized by the 
California Public Employment Relati ons 
Board (PERB) - and collec ti ve ly barga in 
with the CLA TAs. 

PERB also recently scheduled TA elec-
tions at seven other UC campu es, including 
UC San Diego, which wi ll have elec tions 
May 19 and 20. Atkinson said that if stu-
dent& choose to be represented by a union in 
upcoming electi ons, the uni versity wi ll 
negoti ate with the unions. 

Atkinson said in his statement that while 
the uni versity will collecti vely bargain wit h 
TAs over "terms and condit ion of employ-
ment ," the uni versity will continue to make 
decisions about matters of academic judg-
ment - such as the content and conditions 
of student education, which tudents arc 
most appropriate to hold academic intern-
ships and how the courses to which they arc 
assigned are to be organized, taught and 
graded. 

Brad Hayward, a spokes per 'on for UC 
See PERB, Page 10 

Regents Vote to Approve Four Percent Plan 
DECISION: 3,600 more 
student will be eligible 
for the UC system 
By Erika Snider 
News Editor 

The top 4 percent of students 
who have fu lfi lied UC require-
ments from all California high 
schools will be eligible to allend 
the University of California as a 
result of a new policy adopted by 
the UC Board of Regents on 

Friday, March 19. 
The Board of Regents' 

Committee on Educational Policy 
recommended the 4 percent plan on 
Thur day, March 18. The board 
approved the new policy, which 
states that all students who arc in 
the tOP 4 percent of their high 
school classes and have fulfill ed 
the UC requirement · will be admit-
ted to the University of alifornia. 

By granting eligibility to the top 
4 percent of each high chool class, 
3,600 additional students will be 

able to allend the Uni versity of 
Californi a. These new students 
increase the percentage of high 
school graduates eli gible for the 
UC ystem from 11 .1 percent to the 
12.5 percent that is required by the 
state Master Plan for Higher 
Education. 

"This ncw approach to eligibili-
ty represents a historic change in 
California higher education admis-
sions," UC Pre. ident Ri chard 
Atkinson said. "Under thi plan, the 
Univer ity of California is endi ng 

a clear message - especia lly to 
young people frojTI rural and inner-
city schools who may have consid-
ered the UC beyond their grasp -
that we will recognize and reward 
academically accompli shed stu -
dents from every public hi gh 
chool in Californi a." 

After a year of analysis and con-
sidering method for the uni versi ty 
to increase the number of U -eligi -
ble tudents, UC faculty developed 
the new criteria. The new p licy 

See PROPOSAL, Page 10 

\ 



2 NEWS 

UCS.D Releases 
Admissions Data 
NUMBERS: UCSD had 
the second highest 
number of applications 
By Marjorie Mo~temayor 
Scaff Wricer 

UC D accepted an increased 
number of Mexican American and 
Latino students and fewer African 
American, Native American and 
Filipino students for the fall class 
of 1999. 

In addi tion. the entering class is 
the most academica lly prepared 
group of students ever. The class 
has a mean high school GPA of 
4.05 and an average cf)mposi te 
S.A.T. score of 1.303 points. 

"We arc delighted by the high 
academic ca liber of our admitted 
' tudents. and we will make every 
effort to persuade them to accept 
our oITer." said lose ph Watson. the 
UCSD vice chancellor for student 
alTair,. 

Watson said that while he is 
pleased with the academic quali -
ty of the incoming class. he is 
disappoi nted that there was not a 
uniform increa e in the number 
of students from underrepresent-
ed racia l minorit y groups ad mit -
ted. 

" We also are glad that thi 
year's admi tted students include 
record numbers of Mexican 
American and Latino students." 
Watson said. " But we are deeply 
disappointed that the higher num-
bers of applications from African 
American and ative American 
students did nOI resulc in higher 
numbers of admissions in those 
underrepresented groups." 

UCSD admitted 12,828 students 
for the fall quarter from a pool of 
32,464 applicants. This was the 
highest number of applicants 
UCSD has ever had and the second 
highest number in the UC ystem 
this year. 

There was an overall increase in 
the number of Mex ican American, 
Lati no, African Ameri can and 
Native American students who 
applied to UCSD. 

"This uni versity i determined 
to increase racia l and ethnic diver-
si ty of it student population, and 
we will intensify our effort to 
achieve Ihat goal," Watson aid. 

UCSD had 2.5 13 Mexican 
American prospective students 
apply for admission this year, in 
comparison to 2.098 la t year. Of 
tho 'e who applied, 820 students 
were admitted - an increase of 19 
percent. 

There was a 29.7 percent 
increase in the number of Latino 
applicants; in 1998 there were 733 
applicants. this year there were 951 
applicants. A total of 289 Latino 
students were granted admission, 
an increase of 2 percent over last 
year. 

There was a 12.8 percent 
increase in the number of African-
American applicants; in 1998 there 
were 809 applicants, this year there 
were 909 applicants. UCSD admit-
ted 172 African American students, 
a decrease of 15 percent from last 
year. 

UCSD had 191 Native 
American student s apply for 
admission Ihis year, in comparison 
to 179 applicants in 1998. Of those 

See EUGIBLE, Page 3 

GUARDIAN 
WALT DICKINSDN 

Editor in Chief 
JULIA KULLA·MADER • MEGAN SMITH 

Munaging Editors 
TABITHA GRANSHAW • LAURA KNIGHTEN 

Copy l:.(Jitors 
LEENA SHANKAR. ERIKA SNIDER 

News E'dilors 
JESSICA SCHEPPMANN 

Features Editor 
MARC COMER 
Opinion Editor 

JAKE GORDON. JOHN MAYNARD 
Sports Editors 
TRAVIS HILL 

Associate Sports Editor 

LINDSAY SWDRSKI 
Hiatus Editor 

DAVID LEE 
Associate Hiatus Editor 

DAVE LUBITZ 
Photo Editor 

LISA HUFF 
ilssociate Photo Editor 

JOHN BARBER 
Graphics Editor 

NICK RUNCO 
Design Editor 

BRIAN WIKNER 
Web Editor 

EDITORIAL ASSISTANTS Jesse Fisher. WarCl Han. Nllou Mostafl . Scott Shibata 
SENIOR STAFF WAITERS 

John Barber. Jeff Barker. Bill Burger. Genevieve COx. Theodore Ookko. Vincent Gragnanl . Mary 
Higgins. laura Kmghten. Dave Lubitz. Annam Manthuam. Nllou Mostafi. Jenny Nlch<>'son. 

Simone Santtnl. Mark Smith. Tommy ~. Scott Yager 
STAFF WAITEAS 

Jenna BarClay. Shannon Castle. Brent Don. Bertrand Fan. Kan Fnedmao. Brooke Garrettson. 
jennifer Grady. Jeremy Gray. Sula Kim. An(jy Mynck. ChnSline P'angan. Jacob Schechter. Eve Senuty 

ILWSTAATOAS 
Mike Belle. Kristine Chang. Austtn HSla. Alice Lin. Joe Pan. Josephine Roberts, Nicholas Runco 

DESIGNERS Karen Tran. Thomas Weng 
copy READERS Alison NOHiS. Kevin Byrne 

WEB DESIGNERS Sam Payne-Tlnglefr. Mark StiCkel 
COMPUTER SUPPORT DaVid GliCksman 

MIKE MARTINEZ 
Aduertising Art Director 

ANN BAREFIELD 
/Jusiness Manayer 

BRDCK HALTER 
Advertising Manager 

YVETTE ALCALA 
Assistant Business Manug~r 

ADVEIIT1SINO ASSISTANT Me:Ody Goozales 
CIACULATION ASSISTANTS 

Jason Allen. Phillip Goloman. Ethan Levy, Jacob Meyt)erg. Brady Phelps. Nate Smith 
ADVERTISING DESIGN. LAYOUT John Barber. Casey 8U1tenhuys. Joe Pan 

The UCSD GuardIan IS published Mondays and Thursdays dunng the academic year by and for 
the stUdents of UCSD. ReproductIOn Qf thiS newspaper In any form. whether In whOle or in 
part . Without permISSion IS striCtly prOhibited. C 1999. all fights reserved. The UCSD Gvardlan 
IS not responSible for the return of unsoHCtted manuscflpts or 3ft. The ViewS expressed herein 
do not necessarily represent the opinions of The UCSD Guara,an. the UnlvtHSity of CalifornIa or 
the ASSOCiated Students. The UCSD GuardIan IS funded solely by advertiSing. 
We're looking forward to seeing all yOU A.S. caochdates tor the nellt few nights. - GuardIan Ed Board 

News/Features: 534·5226. Generat Editorial: 534-6581 
Opinion/Sports: 534-6582. Hiatus: 534-6583 
Adve,tlslng Office : 534·3466. Fax: 534·7691 

... mall: guaralonfrucsa.eclu 
Guara,an Online: hIlP:// www.ucsa.eclu/guardIOO/ 

UCSD Guardian, 9500 Gilman Drive 0316, 
La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 

ACtual location. Second FI()()(. UCSD Student Center BUilding ·A·. Rm . 217 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, March 29, 1999 

ETCETERA ••• 
OCa Feather 

THe PROCesses Of MOTHeR. NaTURe 
QRe COMft.!x, WJD OlrrlaJLT TO UNO!R8TmJO_ 

BRIEFLY ••• 

Professor Named to Commission 
Steven Erie, an associate professor of political sci· 

ence, has been named to the governor's recently 
established Commission on Building for the 21st 
Century. The commission is charged with developing a 
comprehensive building plan that will assure the 
state's infrastructure needs are met in the new mil· 
lennium. 

Erie is an authority on Southern California infra-
structure, trade and regional development. His cur· 
rent research addresses the demographic, trade 
and infrastructure linkages between Southern 
California, Mexico and the Pacific Rim. He is also 
involved in Southern California public policy debates 
on minority empowerment, governance and public 
finance. 

Gov. Gray Davis ' executive order states that the 
commission's task is to "identify existing critical infra-
structure needs, and develop a comprehensive long· 
term capital investment plan for financing public build-
ing needs, including responsible finanCial approaches 
and efficiency improvements.' The commission is to 
make an initial report and recommendations to the 
governor by May 1, 1999 and a final report by Dec. 1, 
2000. 

The Commission on Building for the 21st Century 
is c<xhaired by Lt. Gov. Cruz Bustamente and Maria 
Contreras·Sweet, secretary of the Business, 
Transportation and Housing Agency. UC President 
Richard Atkinson is also a member of the commis· 
sion. 

A.S. Committee Sponsors Talk 
On Sexual Perspective. 

The A.S. Executive Committee on Women 's 
Issues will sponsor a discussion titled "Let's Talk 
About Sex: Exploring Sexual Perspectives Within 
Cultures,' on Wednesday, March 31 from 12 p.m. to 
1 p.m. at the Cross Cultural Center. The views and 
ideas of sex in different cultures and the different 
experiences of sex within cultures will be discussed. 
For more information, call 534·4451 or e·mail 
nhogan@ucsd.edu. 

Muir Musical En ..... b .. to 
Perform Dickens Work 

The Mystery of Edwin Drood - a novel written by 
Charles Dickens but left incomplete when he died -
will be presented in a musical performance by the 
Muir College Musical Ensemble on Friday, April 9 at 8 
p.m. and Saturday, April 10 at 3 p.m. and 8 p.m. All 
performances will be held in the Mandeville 
Auditorium. 

The musical received five Tonys and nine Drama 
Desk awards when it was presented on Broadway. The 
musical ensemble's version will involve the audience 
in helping to determine the ending to the play, which 
is about the disappearance of a wealthy, popular 
young man. 

The Muir MUSical Ensemble is the only com· 
pletely student·produced musical theater event on 
the UCSD campus. This year's production is direct· 
ed by seniors Jocelyn Alexander and Chida 
Chaemchang and includes a production team of 20 
students . 

Tickets are $6 for students, $7 for staff and 
seniors, and $8 for the public. For more information, 
call 534-3587. 

Lecture on Medical Ethics to be 
Held on Thursday, AprIl 8 

Lawrence Schneiderman will present a lecture on 
"Research in Medical Ethics: Asking Timely and 
Timeless Questions ' on Thursday, April '8 at 4:30 
p.m. in Garren Auditorium in the Basic Science 
Building of the School of Medicine. Schneiderman is 
a professor in the Department of Family and 
Preventive Medicine and Department of Medicine at 
UCSD. 

This lecture is part of the 1998·1999 FC\Culty 
Distingui~hed Lecture series sponsored by the UCSD 
School of Medicine and is free and open to the pub-
lic. A reception will follow. For more information, call 
534·1503. 

Alzheimer'. Center Le .... In 
Memory Impairment Study 

The UCSD Alzheimer's Disease Cooperative Study 
Center is launching a $22 million research study to 
determine whether medical intervention in individuals 

. with mild cognitive impairment (MCI) can help delay 
the onset of Alzheimer's disease. Mild cognitive 
impairment is characterized by memory difficulties. 
Individuals with MCI appear to be at increased risk to 
develop Alzheimer's disease. 

Research subjects should generally function nor· 
mally, but with memory problems becoming increas· 
ingly obvious. This research project will recruit approx· 
imately 720 men and women from the ages of 55 to 
90. 

The study will evaluate the usefulness of an inves· 
tigational agent approved by the FDA for another use 
as well as Vitamin E in the treatment of memory loss. 
The Memory Impairment Study will involve 60 to 80 
sites across the United States and Canada. 

Monday, March 29, 1999 

ACLU: Attorneys 
stated that policies 
vague and subjective 
ContInued from ..... 1 
First Amendment free-speech protec-
tions because the policies are vague 
and subjective. The ACLU also stat-
ed that the policies give university 
administrators the unbridled ability 
to suppress political viewpoints or 
word choices they do not like. 

UCSD's Direclor of Student 
Policy and Judicial Affairs Nick 
Aguilar said that UCSD's policies 
do not violate a student " right to 
free speech. 

"UCSD has had a long history 
of promoting free expression." 
Aguilar said. "The nature of the 
university is such that it encourages 
inquiry and the bringing up of new 
ideas. We walk a fine line in mak-
ing sure the campus environment is 
not hostile and intimidating." 

The UCSD Student Conduct 
Code prohibits the use of " fighting 
words" and defines t~em as " per-
sona ll y abusive epi thets which. 
when directly addressed to any 
ordinary person are ... inherently 
likely to provoke a violent reaction 
whether or not they actually do so." 

Aguilar said that his office is 
current ly checking to make sure 
that the university acted in an 
appropriate manner. 

" We are in the process of look-
ing into the particulars to ensure 
that campus procedures were 
appropriately applied," Aguilar 

ELIGIBLE: 
Admit Day will take 
place on April 10 
ContInued,.... ..... 1 
who applied, 56 students were 
accepted - a decrea e of 15 per-
cent from last year. 

The number of Filipino appli-
cants increased this year by 15.2 
percent; in 1998 there were 1,260 
applicants, and this year there were 
1,451 applicants. UCSD admitted 
440 Filipino students, a drop of 6.8 
percent. 

In 1998. UCSD had 7,658 Asian 
American applicants. This year, 
9,286 Asian Americans applied to 
UCSD - a 21.3 percent increase. 
This year UCSD accepted 4,149 of 
the applicants. an increase of 5.6 

.. -An adventure in cards and gifts 

STUDENT~ 

"UCSD .... hada 
long history of 
promotlq fr_ 
expr .... on. The 
nature of the 
university Is such 
that" encourage. 
Inquiry and the 
brI .... n. up of new 
I ...... Wewalka 
fine line In making 
sure the campus 
environment Is not 
ho.tlle and 
Intimidating. " 

- Nick Aguilar 
UCSD Director of Student Policy 

and Judicial Affairs 
said. " 11' they weren ' t, we are com-
mitted to ensure t~at no student is 
subjected to consequences that 
aren't just, including Mr. Shapiro." 

Aguilar also said that the litiga-
tion was "hasty." He said that t~e 
universi ty was only given three 
business days to respond to the 
ACLU's complaint when usually 
they would have been given 10 to 
30 days to respond. 

Shapiro said that the ACLU 
attorneys sent letters to Warren 
Collcge Provost David l ordan and 
UCSD Chancellor Robert Dynes. 
Shapiro said that while the attor-
neys may have only given tbe uni -

percent. 
UCSD received 9,910 applica-

tions from Caucasian students last 
year. This year, UCSD received 
13,069 applications, an increase of 
3 1.9 percent. UCSD accepted 
5.116 Caucasian students this year. 
an increase of 6.8 percent. 

The remaining students fall 
under the category of 
Other/Undeclared. The number of 
applicants in this category 
decreased by 25 percent from 
5,444 in 1998 to 4,084 in 1999. 
The number of students accepted 
was 1,786. a decrease of 31.4 per-
cent. 

This year's applicants from the 
San Diego area were subject to a 
new UCSD admissions' policy. 
Under the policy, admission is 
granted to UC-eligible seniors 

The UCSD Guardian 

versity three or four days to 
re pond, he had previously notified 
the universi ty by sending a letter to 
the Warren College Resident Dean 
Claire Palmer in November and 
one to lordan in January. 

"They had plenty of advance 
notice and plenty of opportunity to 
do the right thing," Shapiro said. 
"We gave them more than the dead-
line would allow." 

Shapiro said he used the word to 
attract people's attention and to 
give him the opportunity to explain 
his views. Shapiro added that the 
sign has done more than serve its 
original purpose. 

"It caused a lot of people to ask 
me why I made the sign," Shapiro 
said. "Now it has a sepafate purpose 
with respect to free-speech rights." 

Shapi ro said that he took the 
sign down in late January after his 
parents asked him to do so. He aid 
that while his parents disagreed 
with the content of the sign, they 
have supported him in his fight for 
free speech. 

Shapiro said that his attomey-s 
and the university 's attomeys are 
scheduled to meet sometime next 
month. 

Aguilar said that UCSD's attor-
neys are negotiating and trying to 
avoid the cost of litigation. He 
declined to comment on the 
ACLU's involvement in tHe case. 

"The facl is lhat they are now 
involved in it and that the uni ver ' i-
ly's attorneys are negotiating with 
Mr. Shapiro's attorneys to try and 
resolve the matter." Aguilar said. 

from San Diego and Imperia l 
counties who place in the top 4 
percent of their graduating class. 
Ninety of the 12,828 freshmen 
admitted were selected due to this 
policy. 

In order to !;ncourage students 
to attend UCSD. the administration 
has organized several outreach 
efforts. These efforts include visits 
to high schools, home visits, tele-
phone calls from admission coun-
selors and UCSD students and 
ovemight visits to the campus by 
students. 

[n addition, UCSD will hold its 
annual Admit Day on April 10. 
Prospective students and their farn-
ilies will be greeted by faculty, 
admission and outreach staff and 
representatives from the five col-
leges. 

COSTA VERDE 
CENTER 

NEWS 3 

457-3334 
8843 Villa La Jolla 

La Jolla 
SavonlWho/. Fooa MIrt. 

FAsmON VALLEY 
CENTER 

8650 GENESEE AVE. Su. 220 NEAl SAKS FIFTH AVENUE 

UISI'O SI\IH[ CONT ... ( r l[NHS 

(619)452-7374 (619)295·0537 
Brown Eyes to Blue, Green, Hazel 

OLORED 
CONTACTS 

FreshLook Colors wilh purchase of 2 boxes 
of clear FreshLook disposables. 

EXTENDED WEAR DISPOSABLE LENSES 

$99** $129** 
100 PAIRS PLUS EXAM 2 PAIRS B&L FW COMPLETE $229~:MPLETE .. Alt 'Pe<ial. include Itn.e., exam, eyecare kil and fallow up vi.il. A.tigmalic len.e. higher. Nol vatid with any other aHer. OHe" expire 6/30/99. 



4 OPINION The UCSD Guardian Monday. March 29. 1999 

PINION 

• F o u 

The 4 percent plan is a field-
leveling proposition that will aid 
students from disadvantaged 
schools and promote geographical 
diversity among the UC system 
By Kirsten Yergensen 
Contributing Opinion Writer 

As a result of generations of white privi lege and racial discrimination, admis-
sion into colleges and uni versi ties operates on an uneven and biased field . Those 
who have been denied equal opportunities find it nearly impossible to jump back 
into the ranks with the privi leged others. For many under-pri vi leged students 
whose high schools lack educational tools such as computer labs, test preparation 
courses and Advanced Placement (AP) and honors classes. which help students to 
forge ahead, auending the Uni versity of California is merely an unauainable 
dream reached only by the lucky few. Even succeeding in the face of adversity 
and the lack of opportunity by being the best of the best in one's high school is 
not enough. 

For years, students and administrators have heard about the struggle to level 
this uneven playing field . A new proposal on the UC Regents ' table may partial-
ly achieve this goal by allowing the university to judge students on their own 
turf, among their own peers and in their own environment. The new admission 
policy would not rate students against measures that were never made available 
to them, but instead would grant admission to the University of California to the 
top 4 percent of California graduating high school students. To qualify for this 
eligibility standard, students must still meet the UC requirements of a 3.3 GPA 
and minimum standardized test scores that are used to rate all applicants. The 4 
percent plan will not necessarily make students eligible for their campus of 
choice. but it will make the dream of attending the University of California a 
rl!ality. 

UCSD recently implemented its own form of the 4 percent plan, which takes 
effect with students entering in fall of 1999. This plan admits UC eligible students 
from high schools in San Diego and Imperial counties who graduate in the top 4 
percent of their classes. The plan assures that top students from each local high 
school will be admitted to UCSD without regard to whether their high school has 
an extensive set of honors and AP courses and regardless of whether or not stu-
dents can afford to pay for commercial test-preparation courses. The plan also will 
motivate students in each high school to strive to be in the lOp 4 percent of thei r 
dass and therefore become UC eligible. 

Thl! UC Rl!gents will be expanding these benefits to all of California with the 
implementation of the new plan. If approved, the plan would take effect sys-
temwide in the fall of 20() I. 

One of the principal benefits of the 4 percent plan i that it takes away the 
emphasis on AP and honors courses for students who do not have access to them. 
Without this plan. UC applicants are gauged across the board as equals with all 
other high school 'eniors, regardless of the particular opportunities available in 
each high school. The 4 percent plan will in tead judge students among their peers 
and will evaluate them in light of what they have done with their available 
resources. 

Another benetit of this plan is lhat it willtransforrn the unallainable dream of 
See BETTER, Page 7 

E T T 

Fairness and the long-term effects 
of the 4 percent plan must be 
questioned since all California high 
schools do not prepare their 
students equally 
By Tommy Vu 
Senior Staff Writer 

In 1978, the U.S. Supreme Court in the case of Regents of the Uni versity of 
California vs. Bakke gave affirmative action in the University of California system 
its final face, allowing special consideration for minorities, barring quotas. Only 
recently, in 1997, did the majority of Californians, understanding that affirmative 
action did not have a place and was no longer needed in institutions of higher edu-
cation, vote for Proposition 209, which ended the Supreme Court's hold over the 
UC system. 

However, only three months into his first term as governor of California, Gray 
Davis has already stirred up controversy, proposing a new admission plan for the 
University of Califomia system. This plan, whi~h is merely more liberal maneu-
vering to get around Proposition 209 and to instill yet another stunting form of 
affirmative action onto the UC system, automatically makes the top 4 percent of 
graduating seniors in all California high schools efigible for admission into the UC 
system. The reason opponents of the plan consider it to be a bad one is the same 
reason many Californians consider affirmative action in the UC system to be a bad 
decision: Davis' plan would allow unqualified students, even more than under the 
previous affirmative action program, to enter the UC system. 

At first, the proposal would seem to achieve little. The top 4 percent of students 
are usually accepted into the UC system anyway, with or without this proposal. 
However, when examining this plan more closely, one is merely looking at affir-
mative action through a different colored glass. One should look more closely at 
how the proposal is Slated. According to Davis' proposal, the top 4 percent of grad-
uating seniors from each high school are automatically made eligible, not the top 4 
percent of all seniors from the entire state as is now the case. What's the difference, 
you ask"! How would this be considered another version of affirmative action? 

The answer is simple: The supporters of Davis' plan mistakenly assume that the 
top 4 percent of all graduating seniors are equal and, regardless of preparation, 
have the same academic potential. This idea, in reality and not in the make-believe 
world of liberals, is simply not the case. 

High schools vary drastically in terms of quality of teaching, and graduating 
seniors vary drastically in terms of the extent and the quality of their education. To 
put it plainly, Davis' proposal would allow the most unqualified student into the 
UC system, as long as he or she is in the top 4 percent of hi s or her high school, 
while another student, though more qualified, does nol stand in the top percentage 
and does not get admiued. 

Take this possible scenario as an example of what may occur if Davis' propos-
al goes through. Student A graduates from his high school with a 3.67 OPA and 
stands in the top 4 percent of his high school class. Being in the top 4 percent of 
his class, he is automatically made eligible to enter the UC system. Next there is 
Student B, who graduates from her respective high school with a 3.84 GPA but 
does not stand in the top 4 percent. Rather, she falls in the top 6 percent of her high 
school class because her school is so much more competitive than Student A's 

See--.,Page8 

Monday. March 29. 1999 The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

ADMINISTRATORS ABSOLVED OF EXPLOITATION 
Editor 

Brook Garreuson ("Paying for 
Our Future," March 8) is right to 
question a proposed fee hike with-
out anything more concrete than 
the good intentions of UCAB and 
the UCSD administration to pro-
vide more adequate common areas 
for students and student organiza-
tions. 

More importantly, perhaps, than 
Garrellson 's embarrassment over 
minor rcpair needs at RIMAC, 
however, is the notion that UC 
administrators, in like fashion to 
many Southern California legisla-
tors, have a history of failing to 
plan adequately for the future that . 
they procure, and that they expect 
students to pay for their mistakes. 

The school has seen major (and 
costly) expansions in the last 10 
years, as evidenced by the constant 
hum of construction machinery and 
the acne-like. way that corporate 
architecture sprouts up around 
campus. Some students expressed 
open frustration over UCSD's 
wealthy exterior with the rise in 
tuilion in the early ' 90s. 
Admini stration responses were 
consistent : We planned these addi-
tions long ago, and we can' t turn 
back now. The strategy is very 
clever: It seems to absolve the cur-
rent administration of responsibili-
ty for the unwelcome burdens foist-
ed upon us by past administrations. 
yet it allows them to use the same 
irresponsible strategy in planniJlg 
for the future. 

To be more specitic. my student 
fees (undergraduate, full-time, resi-

dent) at UCSD were $538 per quar-
ter in 1990. It was the vision of the 
Wilson administration to reverse 
the traditional concept of low-cost 
public education for Californians 
by returning a larger portion of the 
cost to students. His dual role as 
governor and head regent gave him 
unusual power over the UC system 
and allowed his more market-ori-
ented (than morall y oriented) 
approach to education to side-step 
questions of contlict of interest. In 
the early 19905 he was able to 
affect much of the ri se in fees, 
which rest currently at $134 1.50. 
Once the fees stabilized for a cou-
ple of years, Wilson boasted that he 
had protected UC interests from 
blood-thirsty legislator . The gov-
ernor was then in a position to 
argue that, by increasing measures 
like grant allocations, he was 
ensuring affordable education for 
the poor. 

This was really just a sleight of 
hand -reorienting the state's ability 
to constrict education funding and 
freeing it from hard-won tradition-
al commitments to the poor and to 
racially under-represented 
Californians. Wilson 's record on 
racial justice was less than stellar. 
and it takes no great leap of the 
intellect to picture the long-term 
effects of his fi scal strategy for the 
UC system, especially in view of 
his abolition of affirmative action. 
A quick glance of the parking lots 
suftices to demonstrate the increas-
ing proportion of fiscally privi-
leged students. 

The regents' enthusiasm for 

Letters t~g EdHor 
The Guardian welcomes letters from 
its readers. All letters must be no 
longer than three pages. typed. dou-
ble-spaced and signed. Letters must 
also contain a phone number. We 
reserve the right to edit for length 
and clarity. Letters may be dropped 
off at the Guardian office on the 
second floor of the Old Student 
Center. Send all letters to: 

The UCSD Guardian 
Opinion Editor 

9500 Gilman Dr. 0316 
La Jol/a. CA 92093-0316 

Fax: (619) 534·7691 
e-mail: guardian@ucsd.edu 

increased corporate involvement in 
higher education is not only a man-
ifest auempt to reorient educational 
priorities along the ostensibly more 
"objective" logic of the market-
place (translation : classist and 
racist). but to absolve itself of its 
rightful commitment to social and 
educational responsibility. 

University administrations can 
happily ex ploit the ambiguities 
between their protected status as 
educators and their responsiveness 
to market demands. Leaving the 

. TA unionization issue aside, we 
need only look at the administra-
tion's numerous auempts to close 
the CM Cafe and its means of gain-

ing increased control over student-
run Co-ops to discover its consis-
tent commitment to corporate inter-
ests over student interests. Does 
anyone remember when the Pub 
was prohibited from selling alco-
hol? It was around the time that the 
Price Center was built, and UCSD 
apparently had only one liquor 
license to dispense. It seems the 
admi ni tration simply revoked the 
Pub's permit , bartering it to woo a 
low-quality pizza joint into its new 
corporate utopia. When GarreUson 
suggests that corporations fund a 
Price Center expansion, he fail s to 
address the implicit contlict of 
intere ts, and its unsavory history 
at UCSD. 

Wilson is now long gone, and, 
like past UC administrations, he' ll 
be absolved of any accountability 
when people look around and ask 
how things got so messed up. Both 
Garrellson and Brian Cross seem to 
miss this larger and more potent 
dynamic. 

Mark Osborn 

Uberal Arts C __ 
Are No Piece of Cake 
Editor: 

This leuer is in response to the 
opinion column "Science Finals are 
Hell" by Shannon Castle in the 
Thursday, March II Guardian. I 
found Castle's article extremely 
one-sided and uninformed as to the 
true nature of liberal arts majors. I 
agree that science and engineering 
curriculums are time consuming 
and often times difficult to under-

stand, but liberal arts such as histo-
ry and anthropology take the same, 
if not more, time with extensive 
papers and reading. 

I am an archaeology major 
myself, and I know from experi-
ence that our papers and exams are 
simply not memorization of books 
and fac ts that are spi t out on the 
paper like science exams. They 
involve in-depth thinking and 
analysis on the topics presented, 
and the bits of evidence must be 
tied into a larger thesis or idea that 
is formulated by the student. 
Oftenti mes we are actually thinking 
up our own hypotheses and sup-
porting them through hours of hard 
and extensive re earch in the 
library. Unlike science majors who 
simply read the materi al, grasp the 
ideas (if possible) and only remem-
ber them for lhe exams, liberal arts 
majors are constantly connecti ng 
ideas and evidence together, a 
process that does require "deci-
phering the material" and not si m-
ply restating facts from a textbook. 

Now r am not saying that sci-
ence majors aren 't intelligent or 
don' t work hard. My own brother 
just graduated with an engineering 
degree, and I saw how hard he 
worked and the countless hours he 
spent reading, researching and 
memori zing facts . I just feel that 
this contlict between the science 
and liberal arts majors is an unjust 
one and that in the future, Castle 
should stick to subjects that she 
knows a bit more about. One can-
not judge true liberal arts classes by 

See LEnERS, Page 9 

1999 Room Selection 
is Almost Herel 

LIVE ON CAMPUS AND ENJOY 
A COMPLETE COLLEGE EXPERIENCEI 
• Good Times, Great Friends 
• Close to Classes 
• Potential for Better Grades 
• Opportunities for Leadership 
• Recreation Facilities Nearby 
• Safe and Secure Environment 
• Variety of Dining Options 
• Live-in Staff 
• Consistent Costs 
• On-Call Maintenance Professionals 
• Furnished Apartments and Residence Halls 

Room Selection Applications Due ....................... Friday, April 2 
Room Selection Day .......................................... Tuesday, April 13 
For more information, call or visit your Residentia1 Life Office 

- Revelle College 534-3025 -Thurgood Marshall College 534-4340 - Eleanor Roosevelt College 534-2261 
-.John Muir College 534-4200 -Earl Warren College 534-4581 



6 The UCSD Guardian Monday. March 29.1999 

I_SHesa ELECTIONS 

YOUR VOICE IS IMPORTANT 
Elections are April 5, 6, 7, and 8 
" 10:00 am • 4:00pm DAILY 

S 
Price Center Library Walk Center Hall Librar Walk 
AP&M Walkway Peterson Hall Revelle laza 

School of Medicine @ Club Med 
EXTRA POLLINIi LOCATION 

SID @ Snack Bar (April 7 only) 
, .ITENDTHE PRESIDENTIAl DEBATE' 

MONDAY. APRil 5th 11:30pm -1pm 
l In Ihe PRICE CENTER PlAZA , 

* Present Your Ballot Stub at any Price Center Restaurant 
and receive a FREE Small Fountain Drink 

Monday. March 29. '1999 

BEilER: 
Plan will motivate 
students to succeed 
ContInued from PllCe 4 
attending the University of 
California into a possible reality. 
wnsequently encouraging students 
to reach higher and do better in 
Sl: hoo I. 

While the plan does not aim to 
alter the ethnic composition of the 
UC system, changes will come in 
the form of geographic distribution. 
As such changes are aimed at 
encouraging students from rural 
and inner-city high schools to 
apply. they will therefore increase 
geographic diversity among stu-
dents. The plan will open doors for 
students who would otherwise 
never have much of a link to the 
UC system. 

The plan. adopted by UCSD for 
the fall of 1999. admitted 90 new 
students who would not, under pre-
vious admission standards, have 
been admitted. While percentages 
of Mexican Americans and Latinos 
rose, there was a decrease in 
African American and Native 
American admits by IS percent. 
These changes are merely the ini-
tial result of the 4 percent plan. 
Only through long-term observa-
tions will the UC system be able to 
assess changing numbers in geo-
graphic and ethnic origin as an 
effect of the new plan. 

A.S. President Joe Leventhal 
said that the short-term effects of 
the plan will not bring changes in 
the ethnic composition of thc UC 
campuses, but if implemented. the 
proposed 4 percent plan will ensue 
a "changing of Ihe attitudes of stu-
dent · who will realize thatlthe UC 
systemJ could be a possibility." 
Leventhal continued to say that as 
younger students begin to see their 
older peers attai n UC · tatu~ . they 
will begin to alter their own hehav-
iors to reach that same goa l. 
Therefore, long-term effects of 
such a plan may include an 
increase in the percentages of eth-
nil: groups in the University of 
California. as some minority 
groups experience upward mobili-
ty in the UC system when under-
privileged youths become motivat-
ed and encouraged. 

While the plan would make 
some 3,600 additional students eli-
gible for the UC system. UCSD 

Paris .............. $692 
Frankfurt •••••••• $715 
Amst.rdam ••••• $660 
Madrld •••••••••••• .$759 

A" _ lin! roon(Hnp. Tox not 1nc1udoG. 
Some ",str1ctlons applY. CS111017_ 

270-1750 
4475 ................... ' 

SAIl DIDIO 

Ii~j 
STA TRAVEL 

wrw:~-. 

oi(vww.statravel.com 

One ...... or concern 
with the 4 percent 
plan and other 
related pia .. to 
level the academic 
playing field Is that 
merit will be 
comproml .... In 
favor of diversity. 
With the 4 percent 
plan, this Is not the 
case. The plan 
clearly .. Iects the 
best of the best 
from all areas In 
Callfomla. The .. are 
students who have 
surpa.sed the 
achievements of 
most of their peen 
and have succeeded 
In their own 
environment. 

Chancellor of Admissions Rkh 
Backer assures that the 4 percent 
plan "will not displal:e anyone. 
because the University of 
California is in a growth mode," 
and there are plans to accommodate 
increasing numbers of students. 
Backer continued to say that the 
goal of the plan is to "provide 
aCl:ess to the UC system to students 
from high schools with Icsser 
opportunities." The primary effect 
of the plan will be to increase geo-
graphic diversity at all the UC cam-
puses. 

Onc major I:onl:ern with the 4 
percent plan and other related 
plans to Icvclthe academic playing 
field is that merit will be compro-
mised in favor of diversity. With 
the 4 percent plan. this is not the 
case. The plan clearly selects the 
best of the bcst from all areas in 
California. These are students who 
have surpassed the achievements 
of most of their peers and have 
succeeded in their own environ-
ment. It will admit students who 
have taken the toughest courses 
their school offers and have 
worked hard to meet the UC 
requirements. The plan will value 

The UCSD Guardian 

the weight of a single day's testing 
as much as the four years worth of 
hard work that it takes to be the 
best among one's peers. 

Although the plan would 
admit many students who did not 
have the opportunity to take AP 
and honors courses. these classes 
should not lose their significance. 
These classes will still be benefi-
cial and worth tackling to stu-
dents who have the opportunity to 
take them. Not on ly will these 
classes help students to be admit-
ted to their campus of choice 
{such classes will be used as a cri-
terion when a higher standard of 
admission is needed for more 
competitive universities}. they 
will also satisfy many general 
education requirements at most 
colleges. Therefore, AP and hon-
ors courses will continue to help 
students get ahead. but the lack of 
opportunity to take such courses 
will not penalize other capable 
students. 

California Gov. Gray Davis said 
the 4 percent plan would "empow-
er each student to do their best" by 
encouraging students to excel at the 
high school they attend. This effect 
of the plan is one of its main selling 
points. It is a solution that reaches 
down into the depths of the schools 
to motivate students. 

Another criticism of the plan 
questions whether or not these stu-
dents will be able to compete at the 
UC level if they have not been pre-
pared through routes such as AP 
and honors classes. According to 
Davis, "Bottom line is ... if you ' ve 
got the guts. the heart. the will, the 
determination to be in the top 4 per-
cent, you're going to be a very 
good student at the University of 
California." 

This idea is what it all comes 
down to. Students who will be 
admitted through thc 4 percent plan 
are the best of the best. These are 
students who have overcome the 
challcnges with which they have 
bcen presented and have succeeded 
academically, regardless or any dis-
advantage or ·ctback. The 4 per-
cent plan judges students on what 
they have done with the tools they 
have been givcn. No other admis-
sion standard to date could as ade-
quately assess students while 
upholding merit and incorporating 
circumstanl:e. 

Send commelllS and Leiter.! to 
tire Editor to guardian@ucsd.edu 

OPINION 7 

Do You Want to Be a Teacher? 
SCHOLARSHIP FOR BILINGUAL GRADUATES 
• Any Major • 3.2 GPA • Must Pass MSAT 

Must speak, read, write, translate Spanish I English 
SDSU Tuition Paid • A Paid Full-lime Elementary 

Teaching Position, $30,000/ yr. • 2 yrs.lnnovative Training 
Program • BCLAD California Teaching Credential 

SAN DIEGO STATE UNIVERSITY 
http://coe.sdsu.edutrocus 
Mary Seppi • Policy Studies Dept. 
594-5863 • e-mail: mseppi@mail.sdsu.edu 

------------------------

MOTOROLA 
EXPRESSxmA 

2Q.mmoge memory • Time & dot. 
stMlP. 7 musical oI<rts·..am 

$5~ 

To Buy Your Spring Books 
For Less And Sell Your 
Winter Books For More 

Store Hours 
First Week: M-F 9am -3pm 
Regular: M-F 100m -3pm 

Location 
1st Floor of Urey Hall 

For More Info 
Call 534-2502 

Bargain Books Store 
Why are these 
guys laughing? You'll see 

All Color Print Rolls 
Double Prints ~:.6. ___ ==--
3"x5" prints 2.99 ea. 
4"x6" prints 3.99 ea. 

All exposure .. No limit. 
No slides, BIW, or 

Adv.need Photo .,...m 



8 OPINION 

Car 
ACf;idellft 
Free Report uncovers 
information that the 
insurance company hopes 
you don't discover. 

Call (800) 838-6319 
24-hour recorded message to 

order your FREE REPORT 

, I) I I " 1 \ I I~ \ I I 'I \ \ I I I I I ,', I I I I 
\ld,,, ' / ~ • .... . /1" '>/ ,' I I ti l l 

{~-; 70 years of expe'rience educating 
./ practice-ready graduates 

• Full and Part-time J.D. Programs 
• Extensive Clinical and Internship Opponunilies 
• J.D. Certificate Program: Governmental Affairs 

Application recommended by May 15 
June LSAT results considered 

For info rmation and application materials, write, call or e-mail: 
Admissions OfTice • UOP-McGeorge School of Law 
3200 Fifth Avenue · Sacramento. California 95817 

(916) 739-7105 • e-mail: admissionsmcgeorge@Uop.edu 
website: www.mcgeorge.edu 

The UCSD Guardian 

WORSE: 
Plan will admit 
unqualified students 
ContInued ,..... ..... 4 
school. Becau e Student B is not in 
the top 4 percent of her graduating 
class. Student A is chosen over 
Studl:nt B. though B is much more 
qualified and deserves to be in the 
UC system. 

To put it simply. what this exam-
ple shows is an unfair acceptance 
system that bases its decision on 
high school rank alone. And we all 
know that grades and rank are far 
from the entire story. This 4 percent 
bracket creates an unfair situation 
in which unqualified students are 
reserved spots while more qualified 
students are left out in the cold. 

The result is that the University 
of California system would not be 
choosing from the best crop of stu -
dents and would have to take in 
students that are not ready for the 
intense pressures and demands of 
its un iversities. These students, 
not ready for the UC system, 
would drop out or transfer to 
another system. all the while tak-
ing up a spot where another stu-
dent, say Student B. would have 
accomplished more. 

Interestingly enough, UC San 
Diego already has something simi-
lar to Davis ' plan incorporated into 
its admissions process, though to a 
lesser degree. Similar to the gover-
nor's plan, UCSD automatically 
admits the top 4 percent of graduat-
ing seniors into the university. The 
main difference, however, is thaI 
these seniors are tapped from high 
schools in only the San Diego and 
Imperial counties. This admissions 

DEADLINE 
fPlt of CalIfornia 

in W •• hing(on, D.C.--_~, __ ~ 
NDWror the 
~<--.--.-..,w..III!Ir.C Program. 

FALL DEADLINE is 
THlIR§DAt; MAY '31 

To put It simply, 
what this .xam .... 
show. Is an unfair 
acceptance .,st .... 
that __ Ita 

decision on hi'" 
school rank alone. 
And w. all know that 
.........ndrank •• 
,.. from the entIr. 
story. 
process may be more realistic and 
preferable than Davis' proposal, 
being lhat displacement of other 
eligible students is kept to a mini-
mum. According to a recent UCSD 
newsleller, from the 12,828 stu-
dents admilled for the 1999 fall 
quarter, 90 regional _ tudents were 
admilled through UCSD's pro-
gram. This system may be pre-
ferred over the newly proposed 
plan because each UC campus 
knows its own needs best. 

Obviously, Davis' proposal, 
whether it passes or not, will have 
little effect on current UC students. 
But those younger siblings who 
aspire to allend a UC Berkeley, a 
UC San Diego, or (God forbid) a 
UC Merced, will definitely be 
impacted by the decision of the UC 

. Regents. 
The UC Regents' acceptance of 

Davis' proposal might be harder to 
achieve than the governor WOUld. 
like to admit. The plan will 
undoubtedly hit an impasse with 
the Republican minority in the 
Legislature a,..d in the Republican-
dominated State Supreme Court. 

In an interview, California 

Monday. March 29. 1999 

Assemblymember and Vice-
Chairman of Higher Education 
Committee Steve Baldwin 
expressed his opposition to the 
governor's 4-percent proposal. 
Baldwin. who represents the 77th 
District that includes San Diego, La 
Mesa, El Cajon and Chula Vista. 
says that this issue is split down 
party lines. However, not only is 
the Legislature split on this issue, 
the University of California 
Regents are also divided. meaning 
that passing this proposal through 
the regents will be difficult. 

Baldwin further explained the 
reasons for his opposition, saying 
that the 4 percent plan is "not II-
good incentive for high schools" to 
better themselves in terms of the 
type of classes offered and the 
quality of teachers and teaching 
materials. The 4 percent plan fail s 
to address the deeper issue: The 
problem with the lack of high-
achieving students entering 
Califomia's colleges and universi-
ties does not start and cannot be 
solved at the high school level. 

As Senator Deborah Ortiz of 
Sacramento said, "The four percent 
program is not by any ~eans the -
final solution. As a state, we necd 
to find ways that will provide 
everyone with skilled teachers ... 
current text books and college 
counseling." 

The problems do not start at the 
high school level. Any change must 
be implemented right at the begin-
ning of a child's educational career, 
at the grade school level. Proposals 
like the governor's 4 percent plan 
or the more controversial SCA 2, 
Senator Teresa Hughes constitu-
tional amendment requiring the 

See WORSE, Page 9 

If you are interested in spending a quarter interning 
and taking classes in Washington, be sure to stop 

by the Academic 'lnternship Program office 
(Literature Building, Second Floor, Room 3255) 

for application information. l~~il8 • 10 at ~anDeVille (~19) 534-4559 
Or call or stop by the 

Political Science Department, Mary Quisenberry 
.(534-2705, mquisenb@weber.ucsd.edu) 

to find out more about this exciting opportunity. 

SIIIWS: Rli 8 .. tGtll (TIIIK., m., sat. at 8 I>M) 
$lUlal watlDee (Sit. R. tG at lFM) 

TiCKets ~n Sine at u(s[ ~~x OFFice an~ ~.O.~. 
SfB • $8 NIft-UftIaIeS 

Monday, March 29, 1999 

LEIIERS: 
GEs misrepresent 
Ii beral arts classes 
ContInued from ..... I 
just being in a measly lower divi-
sion, general education course such 
as Humanities. Once she experi -
ences (if ever) serious uppl:r divi -
sion, liberal arts courses then she 
will realize the timc commitment 
and effort that goes into these sub-
jects. 

StUdying for final s most defi-
nitely does not mean going back 
over your notes once or twice. It 
means hours of studying and 
rereading the topics discussed 
throughout the quarter. It also 
means time-consuming. take-
home finals. which are often 10- 12 
page papers that requi re additional 
research and don 't even compare 
to the horribly simple and straight 
forward papers assigned in such 
GE courses as HumanIties and 
MMW. 

Also. [ feel the test format for 

WORSE: 
4 percent plan merely 
looks at class ranking 
ContInued from ...... 
University of California to admit 6 
percent rather than Davis' 4 per-
cent. would not help this si tuation. 
They may even harm California 
students, schools and universities. 

For all the controversy sur-
rounding affirmative action, the 
intentions behind the Supreme 
Court's decision in 1978 were pos-

liberal arts classes is in some 
respects more difficult than for 
science classes, though Castle dis-
agrees. Science exams are straight 
forward and black and white. You 
either know the answer or you 
don'!. and if you actually stayed 
on top of things during the quarter. 
you wouldn't have to stress too 
much for final s. For liberal arts. 
Castle may think that you can 
scribble down a bunch of bull and 
get a good grade, but hey. if for 
some miraculous reason it is 
working for Castle, more power to 
her! 

In actuality. there are speci fi c 
points that the graders are looking 
for, and even though you do have 
the freedom to develop your argu-
ment (or in Castle's case, "lill in 
the blank spaces") if those points of 
evidence are not touched upon you 
will be graded down. Often it isn ' t 
even clear what those specific 
points are or what your TA is going 
to be looking for. I have been grad-
ed down for not saying the right 
thing in the right way (or at least 

itive. It was an attempt to help 
diversify a student body and to 
bring in different cultures. But thaI 
was 20 years ago. Such special 
considerations are no longer need-
ed and are even harmful to those 
they are designed to help. Gov. 
Davis' proposal has no good inten-
tions behind it. however, it is sim-
ply a bad idea. Where Justice 
Powell 's and Justice Blackmun's 
version of affirmati ve action COn-
sidered race and cthnici ty, the 4 
percent plan merely looks at class 
ranking to determine its automatic 

The UCSD Guardian 

the "right way" to my TA). 
So basically I am saying, finals 

in general are hell. every si ngle 
one of them. And as long as final s 
are around peop le will be stress-
ing and cramming for them, 
whether science or liberal arts. 
Liberal arts classes are just as 
time consuming, and we study 
just as hard. I think journalists 
should be well informed about 
thei r subject mailer before they 
try and show their "opinion" and 
argument. and I'm sorry Castle, 
but lower division Humanities 
courses do not ever constitute a 
basis for an opinion on all liberal 
arts classes. 

Please, next time try to present a 
more well Ilalanced argument that 
draws proper and correct evidence 
on the subject you are discussing. 
Oh yeah I forgot , science majors 
don ' t know how to construct a 
proper and educated argument. 
Castle, please keep this in mind the 
next time you "try to sound vague-
ly intelligen .. " 

Catherine Painter 

admissions. It would create an 
unfair situation in which unquali-
fied students would be allowed to 
enter the UC system while more 
qualified students are forced to sit 
out. merely because they are not in 
the required percentile . 

Thank you to Assemblymem-
bers Steve Baldwin and Jim 
Cunneen and Senator Orti z for 
their time and consideration. 
Special thanks to Donna Chau for 
her guidance. 

Send comments and Leiters to 
the Editor to guardian@ucsd.edu 

1663 
*Raund trip flight. 
* :lO-ea a.y .... ralln •• 

UNLIMIT.a tlr.v.1 p •••• 
* ~.rry x'lne •• nd t:r.nafar. 
* All tlrevel a __ wh.n 

T_rct; ' 
Eurotnee peeeee availeble eeparatley from ~;;;J".!o-I. 

,worldtravellinl<s. 
.... Ina tlhe n.tlwork. 

*V.lld In 4. CIt:I •• 

$ 
$ 
$ 
$ 
$ 
$ 
$ 

Deadline: Monday, April 5, 1999 
Awards: Up to $2,000 
Available scholarships are: 
Chancellor's Research Scholarship will give consideration to proposals regardless of 
area of study. 

David lay Gambee Memorial Research Scholarship will give preference to those 
porposals which involve the student as an active citizen in university governance, the local 
community, or national and international affairs. Also receiving preference are projects which lead 
to a heightened awareness of the relationship between the environment and society. Service in the 
commuinty through volunteer activities or participation in programs related to the Institute on 
Global ConOict and Cooptlration are encouraged. 

David Marc Belkin Memorial Research Scholarship will give preference to those 
proposals designed to pursue specific studies and projects in the general areas of environmental 
and ecological issues. 

DoriS A. Howell Foundation Research Scholarship will give consideration to 
proposals designed to improve the physical, mental, spiritual and behavioral health and/or well 
being of women. Proposals may encompass all areas related to women's health including biologic, 
medical, cultural, economic, behavioral, psycho-social, or cross-cultural influences. The Howell 
Foundation for research in Women's Health is a not· for-profit spin-off on Soroptimlst International 
of La Jolli. 
Silicon GraphicslCray Research Scholanhip will give consideration to proposals 
regardllll8 of area of study. Recipients must be U.S. citizens. 
PIck up ID IpplicllleD from the UOlO Schollrship OfIIce, Bulldill8 201, Univenlly Cenler, 
'or IDDI'I iDlDnaiIioD. call the Scbolanhlp 0fIIce It (119)534-3113. 

OPINION 9 

What's the best way to get career information? Networlcing. What's 
the most effective way to get a iob? Networking. 

Networking is all about connecting with people who can give you 
iob search advice, valuable career information and much more. 

Remember, it's not iust WHAT you know, but also WHO you know 
that will help you during your iob search. 

Networlcing wiIIt the Pros WeeIc gives you the chance 10 meet 
professionals who are working in specific occupdfions in your fieIcJ of 

interest. Each day will feature 15 professionals in five fields. 
Programs, occupations represented, and dates are as follows: 

• • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • 
Go to the Career Services Center to sign up. Only 

150 spaces available each day. Hurry, sign up 
earlyl first come, first se~ed. 

Open 10 UCSO students and alumni who are registered at the Career Services Center. 

Museum Curator 
Film/TV Producer 
Production Technician 
Events Planner 
Non-Fiction Writer 
Editor/Publisher 
Architect 

Accountant 
Advertising Account Executive 
Bonk Officer . 
Purchasing Agent 
Marketing Representative 
Financial Analyst 
Human Resources KeclreSjl!l1rolhve 

Public Representative 
Gallery Director 
Advertising Copywriter 
Script Editor 
Commercial Artist 
TV Broadcaster/Reporter 

International Trade Specialist 
Management Consultant 
Market Research Analyst 
Product Manager 
Hotel Manager 
Securities Broker 

~t ... m"",tnl"V Teacher Foreign Services 
Secondary Teacher Policy Analysf 
Student Affairs Specialist Urban Planner 
Human Resources Representative Special/Federal Agent 
Public Health Educator Social Worker 
Lawyer Clinical Psychologist 
Mental Heallh Counselor/Therapist Events Planner 
Training and Specialist 

Actuary 
Technical Writer 
Research Engineer 
Systems Engineer 
Software . 

Biological Researcher 
Environmental Specialist 
Nutritionist 
Physical Therapist 
Dentist 
Optometrist 
Biology Professor 
Physician Assistant 

Multimedia 
Patent Attorney 
Forensic Scientist 
Development Engineer 
Applications Engineer 
Manufacturing/Production Engineer 
Web Masler 

Nurse Practitioner 
Health Services Manager 
Pharmaceutical Sales Representative 
Physician (M.D. or D.O., 
Pharmacist 
Veterinarian 
Production Scientist 

CENTER 
Networlcing with the Pros is _ 

brought to you by the ~ 
UCSD Career Services Center and __ 

the UCSD Alumni Association. IIIlIIl 
UCSD CAREER SERVICES CENTER 

534 -3750 • WWW-CS C.U( SD.EDU 



10 NEWS 

PERB: 57 
percent of TAs voted 
in UCLA elections 
Continued from ...,. 1 
office of the president, said that 
the univcrsi ty will draw a line 
between cmployment issues and 
mailers of academic judgment. 

"Many decisions that allect the 
experience of TAs are educational 
decisions," Hayward said. "We 
intend 10 continue to make these 
decisions about mailers of acade-
mic judgment even if we arc 
involved in collective bargaining." 

UCSD Labor Relations 
Director Michael Melman said 
that the line between employment 

issue~- and mailers of academic 
judgment may be crossed during 
collective bargaining. 

'·[think the uni vcrsity belicves 
that there is a clear line," Melman 
said. ·The rea lity is Ihat as we 
impart, there is a likclihood that 
the union would try to blur that 
distinction.'· 

Molly Rhodcs, a reprcsentative 
of the ASEIUAW. said that there is 
a legal di tinction between 

employment issues and mailers of 
academic judgment. 

"They are separated under the 
law," Rhodes said. 'The law is 
very clear that academic issues are 
in the purview of the university." 

At UCLA, of the 1,721 eligible 
voter, 718 chose to be represent-
ed by the S.A.G.E.IUAW and 269 
voted for no representation. 

Rhodes said that the Los 
Angeles elections, in which about 
57 percent of eligible voters 
voted, represented a clear victory 
for S.A.G.E.IUAW. 

.. , Union eleclions] generally 
range from 30 10 60 percenl ," 
Rhodes said. ·'For L.A. in particu-
lar, a good point of comparison is 
their GSA [Graduate Student 
Association] elections, which all 
graduate students are eligible to 
vote in . Those received 5 to 10 
percentturnoul. So in comparison, 
it's a strong mandate." 

Rhodes added that she expects 
TAs at UCSD to vote heavily in 
favor of being repre ented by the 
AS EIU AW. 

Melman aid that at UCSD, 
PERB officials will begin posting 
information on May 7 about the 

The UCSD Guardian 

elections. He said that elections 
will be held in two separate 
places: TAs who work in depart-
ments located east of Library 
Walk will vote in Price Center 
Gallery Band TAs who work in 
departments located west of 
Library Walk will vote in the 
Recreation Gym conference room 
on the Muir campus. 

Melman said that the ballots 
will contain two lines, offering 
TAs a choice between representa-
tion by the ASElUAW or no repre-
sentation. 

Melman said that the ballots 
will be counted on June 16 at I 
p.m. in San Francisco and that thc 
results should be released by 2 
p.m. or 3 p.m. that day. 

He also said that a simple 
majority is needed to win the elec-
tions. If TAs choose to be repre-
sented by the union, Melman said 
PERB has 30 days to certify the 
outcome after which the union can 
submit its demands. If students 
choose no representation, Melman 
said the system will continue as it 
has in the past, and the UAW 
could petition another election 
one year later. 

PROPOSAL: 
New policy will be 
implemented in 200 1 
ContInued from ..... 1 
will allow the UC system to meet 
its obligation to enroll from the top 
12.5 percent of high school stu-
dents. 

Data from the UC Office of the 
President (UCOP) demonstrate that 
the additional students have similar 
academic backgrounds to other 
UC-eligible students. The mean 
GPA of the newly eligible students 
iA the lOp 4 percent is 3.91, com-
pared to 3.56 for UC eligible stu-
dents not in the top 4 percent. The 
mean S.A.T. [ score for the students 
in the lOp 4 percent is 1025, com-
pared to 11 30 for eligible students 
not in the top 4 percent. 

U .• _ .. _1 .. ___ ,, __ 
I !! fI'" ·1"tIl·,III,!:/ 

Medical division of THE PRINCETON REVIEW 

nroll before 
April 15tb, 
and receive 

newsdeslc@ucsdedu 

Monday, March 29, 1999 

Although the additional stu-
dents will be eligible (or the UC 
system, they are not guaranteed 
admission to the campus of their 
choice. 

In addition to this decision, the 
board took several additional 
actions during its March meeting. It 
approved another admission eligi-
bility change by including a visual 
and performing arts course among 
the 15 year-long high school cours-
es students must take to become 
eligible for the UC system. 

The committee also sent back a 
proposal to change the amount of 
extra credit given for honors cours-
es to the faculty for further rcview. 

The new 4 percent policy will 
be phased in over a period of sevcr-
al years. In 2001. eligibility will be 
granted to the top 4 percent of stu-
dents at each high school. 

GRAPHIC, , 
DESIGNER 
NEEDED 
FOR THE 
GUARDIAN 
BUSINESS 
OFFICE 
If you know you way 
around the desktop with 

Pagemaker 
or 

Quark Xpress 
then we could use you to 
design display ads and lay 
out ad sections for the 
twice a week campus 
newspaper. 
Experience with Freehand 
or (especially) Photoshop 
also very desirable. If 
interested check out the 
Career Services Center 
job listing for ad graphic 
designer or call Mike at 
the Guardian, 534-0468 
for more details. A great 
chance to learn design 
and advertisng from 
masters. 

Monday, March 29, 1999 

MARY HIGGINS 
Senior Staff Writer 

had this fantasy that my last 
Spring Break before I graduated 
from UCSD would be a week to 
remember. I dreamed of heading to 
Mexico with only a swimsuit and a 
bottle of sun block or going to the 
mountains and meeting some mus·-
cle-bound ski-instructor named 
Sven. 

Then - in the middle of tinals 
week - I was struck by a sudden 
avalanche of inspiration. I know 
what I'll do! I' ll go back home to 
San Jose and spend an entire week 
hanging out in the dentist 's office! 
Yeah, baby!!! 

OK, I apologize for that child-
ish outburst of sarcasm. In reality, 
I had a lousy week. What staned 
out as a routine dental exam last 
Tuesday - a mere pit-stop in an 
otherwise promising vacation -
snow-balled into a nightmarish 
hell that left me in extreme dis-
comfort. 

To put it simply, I had all four of 
my wisdom teeth removed. To any-
one who has ever told me that this 
is not a painful experience I just 
want to say, "You are a big, fat 

The UCSD Guardian 

PSYC.HO THERAPY 
Spending Spring Break at the 01 J dentists office 
liar!!!!" 

The surgery itself was kind of 
fun, considering that enough drugs 
were pumped into me to success-
fully sedate a small rhinoceros. 
However, once the high wore off 
and the nausea started to kick in, [ 
quickly learned that recovering 
from oral surgery would be a big-
ger pain in the ass (or more accu-
rately, a pain in the jaw) than I was 
led to believe. 

For example, the doctor 
promised I'd be eating solid foods 

exclaimed, ·'My God, your face is a 
perfect square!" 

It would have been a lot ca ier 
10 deal with this setback if my 
entire family hadn ' t gathered dur-
ing the weekend for my grand-
mother's birthday. A typical t;on-
versation wenl like this: 
Rude F_11y Member: 

(Stuffing food into mouth .) 
Mary, try somc of this big, thick, 
juicy stcak. 
-,: 

(Gauze shoved into mouth.) 

prescription painki lIers ("Look, 
mom, [ can stick thi s fork right in 
my chcek and it docsn't even 
hurt !"). 

In a heavi ly drugged slate, my 
train of thought ran along the lines 
of my imminent graduation. (Only 
elevcn weeks to go.) Where will I 
go when I graduate? Will I get a 
job? Can I afford health insurance, 
in the unlikely event that I ever 
visit the dentist again? 

And thcn there were more com-
plex questions. What have I 

I usually ponder the heavy, Meaning-oj-Life type 
issues and this is particularly true when Pm 

under the influence oj prescription painkillers 
(((Look, mom, I can stick this Jork right in my 

cheek and it doesn't even hurt.!',), 
again within a couple days, but I 
am currently entering Day Four 
and this morning I woke up to a 
delightful breakfast of Jell-O. 
Sorry, Mr. Cosby, but I'm gelling a 
lillie tired of that jiggly, wiggly, 
slurpy stuff. 

To add insult to injury, when I 
got home from the torture chamber 
(think Steve Martin in "Little Shop 
of Horrors") I took one glance in 
the mirror and discovered I looked 
like a freakish Jay Leno clone. My 
t;hin had t;ompletely vanished. My 
mom, the Queen of Tact, 

Mrrph, grbbllskk thwakks .... 
Rude F_IIJ MllIIber: 

Oh. I guess it's hard to chew 
with all that gauze crammed in 
your mouth. Here, have some more 
Jell-a. Did you know you look just 
like Newt Gingrich? 

Consequently, I spent many 
hours sulking in my room anri had 
a lot time to think, which is usual-
ly fairly dangerous and not at all 
productive. I usuaHy ponder the 
heavy, Meaning-or-Life type 
issues and this is particularly true 
when I'm under the intluence of 

learned during my live years at 
UCSD? Has this experience been 
meaningful to me? Am I a wiser 
person? A stronger person? A bet-
ter person? 

On a whim, I dug up myoid, 
freshman-year diary. It was, to say 
the least, fascinating. For one thing, 
I don't remember being so miser-
able ("June 6, 1995: I am counting 
the days unti I I get the hell out of 
here! I'm sick of the crappy cafete-
ria!"). It occurred to me that I look 
back on those awkward days of 
suite mate bickering and homesick-

FEATURES II 

ness with a great deal of amuse-
ment , but I've forgollen how 
painful Ihose experiences really 
were ill the time. . 

In some ways, it 's healthy Ihal I 
don ' t dwell on thc '"dark days'· of 
my early UCSD years when I was 
struggling to find myself. 

On the other hand, it 's a shame 
that all those experiences have 
been whittled down to a few funny 
anecdotes, devoid of meaning. 
People tend to do this as they get 
older - trivialize the pain they've 
gone through instead of acknowl-
edging it as the force that has 
shaped them into the people 
they 've become. 

This is why "adults" are so gen-
erally useless when it comes to 
offering consolation - it seems 
whenever you get dumped by the 
love of your life they tend to offer 
up that oh-so-helpful little gem: 
"Eventually you'll look back on all 
of this and laugh." 

This might be true, but it 's not 
very good advice for someone 
who is struggling with the "herc 
and now" and thc situation is 
about as funny as ... well... as get-
ting all four of your wisdom teeth 
yanked out of your head during 
Spring Break. 

As I approach graduation I real-
ize that I will inevitably enter that 
world of Useless Adults. I have 
friends at UCSD who are freshmen 
and sophomores ... next year one of 
them might call me up with woeful 

See PSYCHO, Page 15 



12 WEEKLY CALENDAR 

LECTURES 
Thursday, April 1 

0 5:30 p.m. Social Science Building 
Room 107. Archaeology Field School 
Orientation. Thomas Levy, UCSD De-
partment of Anthropology. For informa-
tion call 534-4145. 

Friday, April 2 
· 2:30 p.m. Wanen Lecture Hall Room 
2111 . Department of Bioengineering 

The 

and Institute of Biomedical Engineer-
ing. Yoram Rudy, Case Western Reserve 
University, "Cardiac Excitation and 
Arrhythmias: Insight from Theoretical 
Studies." For information call 534-5250. 
RELIGIOUS SERVICES 

Ongoing 
o University Lutheran Church invites 
you to our weekly worship service on 
Sunday at 10: 15 a.m. and free student 
supper and bible study every Wed. at 6 
p.m. 9595 La Jolla Shores Dr. Gust off 
campus) 453-0561 . 

SERVICES 
& WORKSHOPS 

Ongoing 
• Do you think alcohol or substance 
abuse is directly or indirectly affecting 

'your life? Alcohol & Substance Abuse 
Peer Counselors . Psychological & 
Counseling Services. Emily (619) 534-
5981 . Confidential , friendly, free. 

Ongoing Mondays 
o Grief Group, 1 :30-3p.m., 242SSB. For 
students who have experienced the 
death of someone significant. Members 
find support while moving through be-
reavement. Led by Nancy Wahlig, 534-
5793. Call Nancy to sign up. 
o Long Distance Love, 3:30-5 p.m., 
Women 's Studies Conference Room, 
Muir College, HSS2025. Achieving aca-
demic success is difficult enough, but life 
is even more challenging when trying to 
build and maintain a love relationship 
with a partner or spouse who lives far 
away! This group provides a forum for 
men and women to discuss their experi-
ences and coping strategies. Led by 
Mary Woitke , 534-5905, Starts April 5th. 
o Undergraduate Growth Group, 3:30-
5 p.m. 242 SSB. This coed therapy group 
is designed for students who want to 
learn to develop more Intimate relation-
ships of all types. The goals are to help 
students grow in understanding them-
selves and their interactions with others. 
Previous individual therapy is recom-
mended befole joining the Growth 
Group. Led by John Wu, 534-1579 and 
Jeff Nalin, 534-1725. Call John or Jeff to 
sign up for the group. Starts April 5th. 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, March 29, 1999 

Ongoing Wednesdays 
o Graduate Women 's Group, 3:30-5:30 
p.m. Women's Center, 412 University 
Center.A year-long therapy group. Typical 
themes (generated by the members) in-
clude academic/prfofessional identity, 
dealing with multiple roles, maintaining ro-
'mantic relationships, and providing care 
for self. Led by Equila Luke, 534-0248 and 
Christie Fukunaga , 534-5989. Meets 
Wednesdays 3:30-5:30p.m. Call Equila or 
Christie for a pre-group appointment. 

o Stress Management Skills, 4-5 p.m. 
Thurgood Marshall College Dean's Con-
ference Room. A six session , personal-
ized workshop that will teach you spe-
cific skills to cope with stress, including 
relaxation training, time management, and 

assertiveness skills. Led by Jerry Phelps, 
822-2614. Call Jerry for information or to 
sign up, 
o Graduate Men's and Women's Group, 
4:30-6 p.m. 242 SSB, This group is for 
graduate students who are interested in 
exploring relationships, academic/profes-
sional issues and personal concerns. (A 
second group at a different time is also 
forming. Call 534-3755 for information.) 
Led by Miriam losupovici, 534-0255 and 
Rob Mashman , 534-0252. Call Rob or 
Miriam for a pre-group appointment be-
fore coming to the group. 

Ongoing Thursdays 
o What's Love Got To Do With It? 4:30-
5:30 p.m. 3248 Literature Building. Am I 
getting too involved too quickly? Why is it 
so hard to trust him/her? Am I repeating 
the same destructive patterns? Do any of 
these questions sou[1d familiar? These 
and many other topics are discussed in 
this coed group for grads and undergrads. 
Led by Linda Young, 534-3987. Fridays 
12-1 :30 p.m. Students should call Linda 
before coming to the group. 

Ongoing Fridays 
o What's L~ve Got To Do With It? 12:00-
1 :30 p.m., SSB. Am I getting too involved 
too quickly? Why is it so hard to trust him/ 
her? Am I repeating the same destruc-
tive patterns? Do any of these questions 
sound familiar? These and many other 
topics are discussed in this coed group 
for grads and undergrads. Led by Linda 
Young, 534-3987. Fridays 12-1 :30 p.m. 
Students should call Linda before coming 
to the group. 
o Asia-American Community Forum, 
12-1 :30 p .m. Cross Cultural Center, 
510UCtr. This informal drop-in group is 
designed to address the concerns of 
Asian/Pacific Islander students at UCSD 
in a supportive and problem solving at-
mosphere. Issues such as career and aca-
demic success, family pressures, cultural 
identity and relationships are possible top· 
ics. Feel free to bring your lunchl Led 
byChristie Fukunaga, 534-5989, and John 
WU, 534-1579. 

DON'T FOROET: SUBMIT (OR 
. RE-SUBMIT) YOUR CALENDAR 

SUBMISSIONS FOR SPRING OUARTER! 
o Alcohol and Substance Abuse Sup-
port Group, 2-4p.m. Half Dome Lounge, 
Muir College. If you ever have ever asked 
yourself, "Do I have a problem with . .. .. 
.. T', then perhaps you are ready to ex-
plore the response. Led by Dan Munoz, 
534-0251 and Mary Woitke, 534-5905 , 
and Jerry Phelps, 822-2614. 
o Campus Black Forum, 4:30-6 p.m. 
Cross Cultural Center, 510 University Cen-
ter. Campus Black Forum is an informal 
and supportive gathering where we invite 

open discussion . and 
exchange ideas, 
questions, and con-
cerns on any topic rel-
evant to the lives and 
experiences of 
people of African de-
scent. It is a place to 
connect with other 
students (grad and 
undergrad), staff and 
faculty. Led by Linda 
Young, 534-3987. 

EVENTS 
& RECREATION 

Tuesday, March 30 
o Mandeville Auditorium. San Diego Inter-
national Film Festival 1999. "Divine" 
(Mexico) at 7 p.m. and "In the Winter Dark" 
(Australia) at 9 p.m. Students $4, General 
Admission $6. For time and info: 534-0497 
and http ://ueo .ucsd .edu/ueo/ 
1999callforentries.html 

Saturday, April 3 
• 9 :30-11 :30 p .m. Birch Aquarium at 
Scripps Institute of Oceanography. Grun-
ion Run. A lecture, film, and late-night 
adventure to observe elusive grunion 
spawning on the beaches of La Jolla 
Shores. $9 adults, $5 children ages 7-13. 
Advance registration required, call 534-
7336. 

Thursday, April 1 
o "Enemy of the State" showing at the 
Price Center Theater, 7 & 10 pm. For info 
call 822-2068. 

Ongoing 
• Want to laugh your butt off? Come see 
"When the Script Hits the Fan." Improv, 
live every other Wednesday at WNH? 
Coffee next to Plaza Cafe. Call Mike at 
297-8324 for detailz. 
• The BIG SHOW. Sundays at 10 p.m. Ch. 
18 SRTV Right after the X-Files. 

The Guardian welcomes photo and illustrations 
that we can feature on the Weekly Calendar . 
page. Today's illustration is by Jonathan Wolf. 
Submissions must be in the Guardian office 
(upstairs in the Student Center, mail code 0316) 
by 3 pm on Thursday for consideration. 

Week of March 29-April 4 

Monday, March 29, 1999 The UCSD Guardian 

SUPERCROSSWORD By C.L. Flowers 

Acrosa 28 Virginia rails 
1 Sturdy cup 29 French tower 
4 Cooks 31 Miss Marple or Nero Wolfe, 
9 Computer acronym 
14 Dull finish 

e.g. 
33 Speakers platforms 

19 Function 36 Robert Deniro movie 
20 Russian money 42 "A Few Good Men" director 
21 Long, narrow crest 43 Candidate Landon 
22 Single 46 Twosome 
23 Gloria Swanson movie 47 Strokes strings 
26 Norwegian inlet 49 Act subdivision 
27 British Peers 50 Turn-of-century journalist 

Jacob 
52 Okinawa capital 
55 Fiqdlesticks! 
57 Lincoln and Fortas 
58 Simple craft 
59 Fabian movie 
64 The Ffench 
65 Writer Chekov 
67 Singer Easton 
68 Actress Wright 
70 Crude boors 
72 African dry gullies 

.'it.'f1 crr),I,'11 'OId .lV/llliolls 011 P(/g~ 15 

74 Incense spice 
77 Author of "Little Women" 
80 Got up for 
83 Cartoonist 's assistant 
84 Gun it in neutral 
86 Barbra Streisand movie 
89 Peak in Sicily 
90 Alternatives to lagers 
92 Hurler Hershiser 
93 Tight closure 
94 Cheer 
95 Cosecants ' reciprocals 
97 Required 
101 Rim of a cup 
103 In favor of 
104 Dispensed liquids 
106 Jack Nicholson movie 
110 Music systems 
112 More hackneyed 
113 Pays a visit to dreamland 
117 Dark red birthstone 
119 Pause mark 
121 Flood protection 
122 Privileged few 
124 Hope-Crosby movie 
128 Harplike instruments 
129 Thematic musical piece 
130 TV claSSiC, "_ Sanctum " 
.131 Little nipper 
132 Card-game displays 
133 Spirited mount 
134 Actress Patricia and others 
135 US Open golf champion of 

1994 

Down 
1 Ponders 
2 Customary 
3 Art school 
4 Peaked, as a flood 
5 Simple dwelling 
6 Recedes 
7 Deluges 
'8 Premier pointillist 
9 Kin of a flambeau 
10 Fourth of CCXVI 
11 Letters on vitamins 
12 Fairy-tale monster 
13 Battlefields doc 
14 Deadens 
15 Huston of ·Prizzi's Honor" 
16 James Taylor movie 
17 Part of Canada's Y.T. 
18 Leno 's Hall 
24 Urban renewal target 

FEATURES 13 

25 Dens 
30 On behalf of 
32 Do ghost work 
34 End of auction? 
35 Buddhist shrine 
37 Actress Taylor 
38 Frock 
40 Ark 
41 Young salmon 
43 Orderly arrangement 
44 Tropical vine 
45 Ginger Rogers movie 
48 Flat fish 
51 Lunch-counter perch 
53 Say what? 
54 Afresh 
56 That girl 's 
60 Sweetie 
61 Provide with property 
62 Elevate 
63 Abominable snowman 
66 Night: pref . 
69 More rational 
71 London district 
73 Stitches 
75 Male voice 
76 Muse of poetry 
78 Sea swallow 
79 Winter wool 
81 Driving area 
82 In-person exams 
84 Abrasive tools 
85 "Middlemarch" author 
87 Standing ready 
88 Inventor Howe 
91 Like some blades 
96 Lady with vision 
98 N, E, W, or S 
99 Kicked out 
100 Artoo of · Star Wars " 
102 or Hercules 
105 Put on 
107 Surrounds 
108 Weasel 's kin 
109 Profound 
111 Feudal lord's peons 
114 Call to mind 
115 Jeopardy 
116 Burpee order 
118 Track tipster 
120· Kareniana" 
122 Shade tree 
123 Caustic solution 
125 Birthday number 
126 Payable on demand 
127 Solidify 

hee hee. 

GUARDiAN 



14 FEATURES The UCSD Guardian 

HOROSCOPES 

LINDA C. BLACK 
Tribune Media Seroices 

Last week was th~ las~ week the 
sun was in Pisces. It went into 
Aries over the weekend. and thi s 
also marked the spri ng equinox , 
and the beginning of the astrologi-
cal new year. So this week is about 
completi on and making reso lu-
tions. 

Monday is good for tinishing up 
paperwork, with the moon in 
Aquarius. Tuesday and Wednesday 
are good for mystical adventures 
and leaps of faith. with the sun and 
moon both in Pisces. On Thursday, 
Mercury goes retrograde into 
Pisces, and that signals complica-
tions. 

Don't take yourself too seriously 
because to do so is a waste of ener-
gy, and besides. everything will 
tum out fine. Be ides, Venus goes 
into Taurus on Thursday, bringing 
stabil ity as well as love to just about 
everybody. The moon's in Taurus 
over the weekend, steadying the 
sun 's transit into Aries. and helping 
us all look before we leap into our 

next life adventure. ARIES 
March 21 - April 19 

An old problem practically 
solves itself on Monday, but on 
Tuesday and Wednesday new wor-
ries could develop. Just take 
responsibi lity for what happened 
long ago, for a breakthrough instead 
of a break down. Thursday and Fri-
day, you ' re feeling much stronger, 
but don't be impetuous. Count up 
your money over the weekend and 
you'll lind you have just enough. 

TAURUS 
April 20 - May 20 

Initial frustration fades on Mon-
day, as friends·come to your rescue. 
Tuesday and Wednesday, you ' ll 
make you goals by working with a 
sen itive team, and Thursday you'll 
notice yourself gelling luckier in' 
just about everyt~ing . You' re under 
pressure Friday, but can give sup-
port to another. Offer your shoulder 
to cry on over the weekend. 

GEMINI 
May 21 -June 21 

Do the homework Monday. 
There may be a pop quiz either that 
day or Tuesday. By Wednesday, 
you'll know whether you passed or 
not. and by Thursday you should be 
able to relax. You might not, how-

ever, due to si lly worries you've 
adopted. Either fix what's broken 
or forget it . but worrying is not 
going to help. Friends bring you 
luck on Friday, and over the week-
end you may discover that you 
have a secret admirer. 

CANCER 
June 22 -Ju~y 22 

An unusual development could 
increase your savings on Monday, 
and travel by water looks excellent 
Tuesday and Wednesday. Thursday 
is an excellent day to renew old 
friendship, and Friday looks good 
for a career advance. Friends tum 
into lovers and vice versa, over the 
weekend. 

LEO 
Ju~y 23 - AUg. 22 

Confer with you partner before 
spending money on Monday, and 
follow you intuition in financial 
matters Tuesday and Wednesday. 
Signing up for school could be 
expensive Thursday and Friday, but 
worth it to advance in you career. 
Consider all you options over the 
weekend so you'll be ready to 
make your move next Monday. 

VIRGO 
AUg. 23 - Sept. 22 

Scripps Clinic Del Mar needs volunteers for a research 
study to see if a new investigational drug can aid weight 
loss. Participants must: 

.:. Be 20-30% above "ideal" weight 
(30-50 lbs. for men; 25-40 lbs. for women) 

.:. Not have taken prescription weight loss drugs 
or anti -depressants in last 60 days 

.:. Comfortable with self-injection 

Consult an expert to solve lech-
nical problems on Monday, and 
heed you partner's advice on Tues-
day and Wednesday. You' re lucky 
with other people's money on 
Thursday and Friday. Don't let 
work interfere with travel over the 
weekend. 

LIBRA 
Sept. 23 - Oct. 22 

Love leads to more work on 
Monday, which could keep you 
busy through Tuesday and 
Wednesday. Allow yourself to be 
persuaded on Thursday and Friday, 
by a person you trust, and this 
weekend should be fabulous for 
shopping. 

SCORPIO 
Oct. 23 - Nov. 21 

Take it easy Monday. You have 
lots to think about. Let a little 
chi ld lead you on Tuesday and 
Wednesday, and get back to work 
on Thursday and Friday. Follow 
you partner's lead over the week-
end. 

SAGITTARIUS 
Nov. 22 - Dec. 21 

Monday is good for having 
neighbors over. Make lots of time 
to listen on Tuesday and Wednes-

Monday, March 29, 1999 

day. Looks like family members 
are trying to tell you something. 
Change habits for the beller on 
Thursday and Friday, and ellie 
down to work over the weekend. 

CAPRICORN 
Dec. 22 -Jan. 19 

Don't risk you money on a 
crazy scheme on Monday. Discov-
er something wonderful nearby on 
Tuesday or Wednesday, and find a 
real treasure at home on Thursday 
or Friday. Love blossoms over the 
weekend. 

AQUARIUS jan. 20 - Feb. 18 

Decipher the riddle on Monday, 
and collect your prize on Tuesday 
or Wednesday. Neighbors provide 
abundance on Thursday and Friday, 
but it's family members who give 
you what you really need over the 
weekend. 

PISCES 
Feb. 19 - March 20 

Careful consideration of the sit-
uation on Monday will help you 
make a wise move on Tuesday or 
Wednesday. Money is coming in on 
Thursday and Friday. Use some of 
it to help bring in more work as 
well. Meet with friends and lovers 

Save $3 
and see your 

ultimate 
fantasy. 

Don't miss the 1999 San Diego International 

Participants may have high blood pressure, elevated 
cholesterol or other health problems, if under control. 
Study medication and procedures will be provided at no 
charge. Qualified participants will be paid. 

at the San Diego Convention Center, March 31 - April 4. 

Call (619) 794-1248 for more information, 

~' __ i 1 SCRIPPS CLINIC 
0..,. 320 Phy.Ic' .... C4rl",jor s.... DkI"Slnu 1924. 

r ___________ COUPON _____________ , 
\he prtce 01.",. odIAt _ to \he 1999 Son I 
IMgo InIOmoIionoI Auto ~ with this <"'40' -
.... -,....,. "...1 . ....., - .",. Son DIego I 
UnIon·_ ~ Doy. I 
"Not ~ for cath; unnot be IIMd wfth.-ry other ohr 

=,~::,~=~":'.on~c~".~-: I 
~~~ ~ ~~t!!t.u, Must pment It'd I 

IANDllGO ...... EI-' -'-' -' Official Show Sponsor I ;.;no'=, 1lnion·~bun(.: L _________________________ ~ 

Want to save money? Order your books online, and cheat the UC Regents, 

Monday, March 29, 1999 

PSYCHO: 
Romanticized past 
not a true reflection 
ContInued tro. ..... 11 
tales of sleeping through midterms 
or catching their girlfriend screw-
ing around with their roommate. 

I hope 1 can still sympathize and 
that the words, "Someday you ' ll 
look back on this ... " never cross my 
lips. 

This might be my last chance 
to really reflect upon my college 
experience in a significant way. 
That's why this quarter's "Psy-
cho Therapy" is dedicated to all' 
the undergraduates out there who 
still have the long haul in front of 
you . 

There's going to be a lot of 
Meaning-of-Life type stuff and 
even (gasp) excerpts from the very 
private diary of Mary Higgins. 
(Right now. all my ex-roommates 
are gelling a little nervous). I want 
to share with you guys the 
moments of my UCSD experience 
that 1 consider meaningful and 
many that I consider humiliating 
("The dummy just reached down 
and yanked my socks, pulling my 
feet right out from under me .. . I 

A. I approach 
graduation that I 
will Inevitably enter 
that world of 
U .. I ... Adults. I 
hav. frI.nd. at 
UCSD who ar. 
fr .... m.n and 
sophomor ••••• n.xt 
y.ar on. of th.m 
might call m. up 
wltb wo.ful tal •• of 
.I ..... ng through 
midterm. or 
catching th.lr 
glrlfrl.nd acr.wlng 
around with th.lr 
roommat •• 
fell on my ass in front of every-
one''') 

To the Class of 1999 - those 
who will be graduating with me in 
June - I hope you take a minute or 
two with me during the next eleven 
weeks to remember both the good 
times and the bad (with or without 

The UCSD Guardian 

the aid of Vicodin). 
It's important to look back on 

those times now with honesty as 
well as with a sense of humor. 
Laughing at ourselves is one thing, 
but I just don' t want to look back 
and ask. "What was the point of all 
that?" 

This weeks Psycho Therapy col-
umn has been brought to you by the 
Lelter,v R aruJ W. and by the Sally 
Jessie Raphael show aruJ a 1IIuLtitude 
of soap operas, which is basically 
what Mary did this Spring Break. If 
you want 10 get in lOuch with our 
therapist. or ask her to address any 
of your questions please E-mail her 
at mhiggins@ucsd.edu or drop off 
),our leiters at the Guardian office in 
the Sit/dent Center on the Second 
floor. 

Gain experience with the oldest Human Relations 
organization in the U.S. 

San Diego Internships are available for Political Science, 
Communications, Journalism, International Relations and 

Web Page Management majors. 
, 

Some positions are paid a stipend, some are for credit. 
We're the Amercan Jewish Committee and we seek to build bridges 

with ethnic and religious organizations locally and around the 
world. Help us to promote democratic values and pluralism as the 

best defense against bigotry of all forms. 
For more information, call 619-546-8m or visit our 

National Web Page:www.ajc.org 
Email us at sandiego@ajc.org 

..IIIIII~ 
"-

Unde~grads majoring in the 
iolo ical Sciences? 

a Job? 
e street 
r Lab 

Assistants! Check out our web site to view current 
openings and visit our HR office to apply today! 

www.salk.ado 
The Salk Inllitute 

1 001 0 N. To rrey Pi nes Road, La Jolla, CA 92037 
Fax 550-9960 

We participate In WorkStudyl 
MJEOE 

The Features Section loolnng/or. ~ wt'IIrID tIJ 'JlIIl#!IfJr. 
Experience isn't necessary, hoWever tin,.",., determlnat1on, and 

reliability are. If you !all,w,to Ibis category, please call: 

Features at 534-5226. 

FEATURES 15 

Get your 
resumes 

ready nowl 
Don't wait until 

it's too latel 

Spring Job Fair 
Thurs., April 15 
10:3~r,n-2:30"r,n 

Library Walk 
(PC Ballroom & Rec Gym If It rains) 

Summer 
jobs, part-time jobs. career 
positions and intemships. 

Opportunities for all majors! 
Participating employers: 

www-csc.ucsd.edu/cscJsjf.htm 

Job Fair Tune-Up Workshops 
Need help preparing for the fair? Attend this workshop 

for great tips on how to make the most of your time at the fair! 
Bring your resur,ne for a critique. 

Mon., A"ril12, 11:30ar,n-lpm 
Tues., A"ril13, 11:30ar,n-lpm 

Career Services Center Multipurpose Room 
••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

Professional Partnership 
Program 

Visit us today to find out how you 
can get Involved with the 

following associations this quarter: 
Organization Development Network 

S.D. WriterslEditors Guild 
Society of Human Resource 

Management 
San Diego's Teacher Association 
American Planning Association 

American PhYSical Therapy Association 
International Association for Financial 

Planning 

Get involved 
with 

profesSional 
aSSOCiations! 

Sign up to 
attend off-campus 
meetings of these 

associations I 
Limited space. 

••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

Seniors & 
Grad Students 

graduating 
by June '99: 

Job Search Club 

This Club's 
For You ... 

June 21, 23, 25, 28, 30 
and July 2, 7, 9 

9am-12noon 
Pick up an application and get complete 
details at the Career Services Center. 

APPLY NOWI LIMITED SPACE, 

••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

On-Campus Interviews 
A"rIl19-May 28 

To sign up and for complete details, go to: 
www-csc.ucsd.edulcscljstoncam.htm 

All interviews held at the Career Services Center, 2nd Floor. 
For seniors & grad students graduating by June '99. 

Science & Biotech 
Interview Week 

A"riI26-30 

Sales & Marketing 
Interview Week 

May 10-14 

••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

Meet the CEO 
Seminars 

Hosted by UCSD 
Student Affairs 

Thurs., April 15 - Dev Purkayastha, 
Cosmederm Technologies 

Learn how these 
successful 

business leaders 
made it to the top! 

Thurs., April 29 - Linda Baughman, USE Credit Union 
Thurs., May 6 - John Hawkins, Cloud 9 Shuttle 
Thurs., May 20 - Chris Haudenschild, CliniComp International 

All held at 2:30pm at the Career Services Center 

••••••••••••••••••••• •••••••••••• 

For a complete list of the Career Services Center's 
programs and services, get a copy 

of our Spring Calendar, available at our front desk. 

Open Monday-Friday 8am-4:30pm 
www-csc.ucsd.edu 534-3750 



16 

' .. 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, March 29, 1999 

While you may join the idle rich 
after graduation, it's nice 
to get a taste of it now. 

Save time and money -
buy your books at www.varsitybooks.com 

~ Save up to 40% 
on new textbooks. 

• Comprehensive list 
of your professors' 

r~quired bocks. 

• No more waiting in line. 
• Easy, secure, encrypted 

transactions. 
• 30-day retu rns. . 

Money-back guarantee. 

varsitybooks.com 
YOUR ONLINE COLLEGE BOOKSTORE 

Monday, March 29, 1999 

SWIM: 
Men finish 3rd, 
women 4th 
ContInued tro. .... _ 24 
spons. This stranglehold on the 
No. I spot has always been a men-
tal block for the Tritons going into 
Nationals. who have routinely tin-
ished second. 

"It 's always been in the back of 
our minds to beat· [Kenyon'!." 
Irwin said. "It 's just they 're such a 
strong team and they expect them-
selves to win every year." . 

The Kenyon swimmers proved 
their domination once again. but 
they couldn 't keep the Tritons off 
the podiums altogether. UCSD's 
men 's squad produ<o:ed 14 swim-
mers for this year's nationals. and 
II of them made it to their respec-
ti ve main event s. Senior Mall 
Latronica placed in four events, 
and senior Greg KnOll and junior 
Mall Payne made the finals in three 
events. 

Latronicli grabbed the Tritons' 
only second-place finish at 
Nationals. Latronica's time of 
I :50.52 in the 200-yard buttertly 
narrowly missed first place. The 

"I bell.v. this w .. 
the bealteam 
performance w.'v. 
had In the four 
y •• rsl'v. bean 
her ••... We didn't 
place.s hi ..... 
u .... 1 but It didn't 
really matter to us 
because w. swam 
so w.II." 

- Uncia Monroe 

"Over.ll, w. w.re 
r •• 11y happy with 
our perform.nce. 
Conference was 
deflnH.1y the 
hlghlliM of the 
y •• r." 

- Jenny Irwin 
first-place time of I :50.46 was 
turned in by Misericordia 's Eric 
Sweeney. Latronica took fourth in 
lhe IOO-yard buttertly, and swam 

The UCSD Guardian 

in both the 200-yard medley and 
freestyle relays, where the Tritons 
fini shed in seventh and eighth 
places, respectively. 

Among the UCSD wimmers, 
Payne had the most lucrative out-
ing. Payne brought home two indi-
vidual third place titles in two 
breaststroke events, the 100- and 
200-yard events. Payne's time of 
55.8 in the IOO-yard breast was less 
than a second slower than the lirst-
place time. 

Both the men's and women's 
teams were satisfied with their 
accomplishments. 

"I believe this was the best team 
performance we've had in the four 
years I've been here," Triton swim-
mer Linda Monroe said. "We did-
n't place as high as usual but it did-
n't really mailer to us because we 
swam so well ." 

In hort . UCSD peaked at just 
the right time to swim its best pos-
sible meet. 

"Coming in fourth was perhaps 
a lillie disappointing," Irwin said. 
"But we swam faster than las t year. 
Overall , we were really happy with 
our performance. Conference was 
defi nitely the highlight of the 
year." 

Congratulations to th'" UCSD sUrf team. 
The team took 3rd place in the State on Saturday at · 

Churches. Weisel, Sander -- we all know you are 
saving up for Nationals. Yampers and Annie, well done. 

Willis- did you eat my cookies? Karma baby. 

SPORTS 17 

MATHEMATICAL ECONOMICS 
LIKE ECONOMICS, LIKE MATH? 

Join students at UCSB, UCB, and UCSC for 
Economics 113: Introduction to Mathematical 
Economics, a distance learning course 
originating from UCSD, Spring Quarter 1999. 
Televised lectures and discussion sections. 

MWF 10:10-11:00; Wed. March 31 to Fri. June 4-
Office hours: 11:05-11:30 

* Go to hltp :/Iweber.ucsd .edu/Oepts/Econ/ClasseS/113 
or call 534 ' 3385 for more information 

.IYIM. 
IIRICa • 1. • NISIIIENILISII SUITITUS • 7PM 
The story of a bizarre religiOUS 
cammunity, preSided over by an 
elderly priest and his prophetess 
wife" who are anticipating the end 
of tne world. 

IN THE WINTER DARK 
USTIIUI· 1. • EN&USH LA)J6UA&E • tl5PM 

This psychological thriller fallows 
the lives of four charocters wha ore 
haunted by their own demans os 
well as thaI of an unseen predator 
attaclcing livestoclc in a remole ond 
chilly valley in Australia. 

Sf""" BClD FDR 17 YEARS! Service provided by: 

overseas 
Automotive Repair 
••••• d 
Oil C & $1595, Minor 
Safety C • Tune-Up 

r - - - - - 'l1lil1lil1li11 I Minor Tune Up ... _ 
Special -

lOur tune up includes _ lot more Reg. 555 

I thIIn oth.,., It Includes: 1. NEW Spri plugs 7. Check brakes 12. Chock Di*ibu1or poinl' 8 Check clulch 1 Instan ~onl pads ar rear shotS _I 3 Check Dinibulor 9 Check lighls 2 Drarn old brake flurd 
I condensor 10. Check undercarrrage I 3 Inspeci hydraulic syslem • I 4 Adju811imWlg for damage III 4 Relrll hydrauirc flurd , • , 
15 Check and n;>ienrsh 11 Check coolrng syslem I 5 Blud brakO$YRlem • • • 1IIIIuid and orll •• els & hose. III 6 Adlusllronllrl shoesl and r.ar shoes I 
~. Adjusl dwelillngi. 12 Road lesl • 7 Ro.adiile~sl"'lIIII .. r 
---------"-1 -3S-polnt Major Service r;i:£u I Special ~ __ _ 

IExtn fo,,.,., Injeclfil ce,.. Ou, me/or •• rv'c.,nclude.: Reg. S150 I ~-- I 
I Ntwl9.t~ 12 A ... ~dwtl.nglt 2. LuO.~onllnd V 0·1 

12 Now A, iii. 13 Adtu~ ",bIr'ler ~Cill<ilerloos'nuI. &boll. I I I 3 Ntw04I.. 14 A .... II'·I..tutl,arrom"",,, 26 ChecHgirl. . ~ Change 
14Ch.ng""gmeor/ 15 Ch.cI~",ng 27 ChICkunderc"".gelerd.m.ge I r_ I 5 Ntwlutll~. 16 Ch,cldutdr 21 Ch.ckandrtdl_geb.n.yr'_ & 
I ' CiII<i~lerpoclll 17 A~u~dutdr 29 ROIIIU"'Sr'_ . 7 Chtddislrrbu1ercondtnscr IIChecklr.l" 30 Ch,eI 'n "' .. "" I 20 point I I C ... ",.~I.~ 19 A ... alr.klS 31 Lubtdocrhnge. • 19 Vti .. .qu~nrtnll'_J 20 Adtu~'m .. gencylrllr. 12 Checklllholrl.. I Safety Check I 

10 New vtiv""" g.II,1 21 Clroci & ropitnrsh.n llurd 1 ... 1, 33 Ch.ck cooirng .y~'m & ho,lS 
I r_ .... """'" 22 Check,"d·diu~''l'o .. db'''. 34 Ch.ctlxh.u~.,~.m I Spec.·al I II A~Sllrm",g 23 ChICk "'c •• 1i Ius.. 35 Ro.d IISI f'.: Extra .... kylinde,. "cylinder, and plotlnum pluge. ~ g 
cO:I:ClutchJ: 1m!ITi;.i;; BeH 5;edal ., .. 11 New pressure plate 4 New Pilot ~ ________ _ 
2. New Clulch Drsk . 5 Chlnge "anomrosion orl Extended Warranty 13 New Throwoul bearrng 6 Road leo' 1 

L:==-porI1 ... ""'C'"'_.Not Ior4WD. F'OnlW"".J1 15, 30, 45, 60, 75, & 90K service 
--------'Moet c ..... Wilh Ihis ad . exprres 4112/99 . 

Brand new peril . .uk Ibout our .peelal. on engine • . 
All our worlc h ... 2-yeer or 2O,OOO-mile tlmhed warranty. 

'Overseas ~ .'. . ........ 
Automotive Repair ' 8008-8 Miramar Road. 
••• +. 1 695-1990 

~~,.,.,...".. .. ,.".,.".,.. c.J1", -ilimaml 

PACIFICCSELL STUDENT SPECIAL! 
Wireless 

NOKIA 
ClX'IiH.TII'-G PUlI'LE 

5190 
Price 

Instant Rebate 
2-Yr Credit 

CompCity Rebate 
FREE + $31 BACK 

NOKIA 

6190 
$299 
-100 

-50 
-80 
$69 

® MOTOROLA 
G520 

Price $149 
Instant Rebate -1 00 

2-Yr Credit -50 
CompCity Rebate ·80 

FREE + $81 BACK 

,----------

I Free Car Adapter 
I 
I ~ w/Arry Acdv8lion LC~pClt~ ___ o~ Ellpl,=-~ 
I 
I Free Leather Case 
I 
I C~C't w/Any Actlv.tlon ompLity 011 ... E.pI ... 4I3OIH t------------
I Free Vibrating 
I Battery or Clip 
I C~ wlAny Noklo Acllv.llon ~omp ~Y ___ ~~.~.~ 

WHEN ACllVATED ON DIGITAL 100 011 HIGHER PLAN. WITH A 2 VR CONTRACT, 
ANa MAINTAIN SERVICE FOfI A MINIMUM OF. MOHTliS. MENTION ntiS AD TO 

Oftw E. ... 4I3OIH 

6755 Mira M.sa Blvd .A ...... r"""I A _ ™ 
5t.114 C~ - -C :;;' .. 1[, 
(Located 2 Mlle. East of 805) 0 mp It Y 
(619) 622-1900 ..;;;;.:;;LoJollo=..:;;V·~ 



SPORTS 18 The UCSD Guardian 

UCSD Tallies Six Wins 
BREAKERS: The women 's softball team spent its Spring Break in New 
Jersey, and returned to San Diego with a whopping 6 wins under its belt 
By Travis Hili 
Associate Sports Editor 

Cynthi a Sam also had an RBI, 
which was more than enough for 
Harlan. 

The Tritons then traveled 10 
Kean for a pre-tournament scuf-

tle. The Tritons proved to 
be rude guests again, 

sweeping a double-
Annual Montclair ".ALL I header from the 
S t at elK e a n Cougars, 9-0 and 9-5. 

Talk aboul having a good 
Spring Break: The UCSD soft -
ball squad had a greal time as il 
traveled 10 New Jersey 
and fi ni shed a strong 
third in the 5th 

Uni versi ty Softba lJ 
Classic . ~n total , the 
Tritons rang up 6 Spring 
Break victories. 

Head Coach Palli Gerckins 
and her troops opened their stay 
in lhe Garden State with a bailie 
agai nst William Paterson 
Universi ty. It was the home open-
er for the Pioneers and the Tritons 
ruined it for lhem, winning 3-0. 
The Tritons were led by freshman 
sensalion Leea Harlan, who threw 
a dominant one-hiller. All she 
needed was an RBI-single from 
shortstop Erin Bridges in the first. 

In the first match. 
Harlan turned in another 

masterpiece, shulling down 
the Cougar allack. She allowed 
only five hilS and was never really 
in trouble. Outfielder Michelle 
Wilson led the offense for the 
Tritons with a 2-run single in the 
fourth. . 

In lhe second game. Bridges 
drove in 3 runs with a single. a 
triple and a home run. Game two 
was a slug fest. bUl the Tritons 
banged out 14 hits and outlasted 
the Cougars. 

The Tritons entered the tourna-

ment riding high. However, they 
split their games on the opening 
day. They rallied on the second 
day of the event. opening with a 5-
4 victory over Bridgewater State 
of Massachusells. It was Harlan 
leading the way again in this 
game, as she tossed a complete 
game. Kristina Anderson came 
through for the Tritons when she 
broke a 2-2 deadlock in the fourth 
with a 2-run single. 

In their second game, the 
Tritons dispatched Cortland State 
(N. Y.), 4-1. Allison Jacobs went 
the distance for Gerckins, allow-
ing seven hits. Anderson was at it 
again in this game, slugging a 2-
run double to lead UCSD's 
offense. 

The Tritons were 3-1 for the 
tourney, but Montclair Slate and 
William Palerson wen I 4-0 for the 
two-day event. Montclair State 
won the title by virtue of allowing 
the least runs. 

112 & Monifah 
Spring Jam '99 is the hottest 
concert you don't want to miss! 
R&B Dance Artists, 112 & Monifah 
will be performing live at Spotlight 
29 Casino on April 2nd at 8pm. 
$50 VIP tickE!ts will get you on the 
dance floor in front of the stage. 
$40 Gold tickets are on the first tier. 
You must be 21 years old to attend 
this concert. For more information, 
call 800.841.6666. 

[,lIlpld1 r 1ill'JI • ' ~II.'h. LII'!'lt,r. 1,11111 
,0. '. " _I ul I. ,,1 t 2' ... t .'11" lin 

pm 

LifeJ a gamhle, .ve malce it fun. 

TRACK: 
Tritons fall into 
school record books 
ContInued "0lIl ,..e 24 
to finish second in the open 100-
meter hurdles with a time of 16.72 
seconds, the eighth-best time in the 
school record books. 

Sophomore Nicole Rodriguez 
also etched her name into UCSD 
history. Her time of I :04.02 in the 
400-meter hurdles was good 
enough for fourth in her invitation-
al'heat and was also the fourth-best 
time in school history. 

Perhaps the best perfonnance of 
the entire meet was the combined 
effort of Erin Selim, Ulrike 
Katerkamp, Arnie Wu and Maggie 
Dwire, who teamed together to 
make a new school record time of 
9:32.4 in the women's 4x800-
meter relay. 

"That was an amazing perfor-
mance," Van Arsdale said. 'That 
was the first time we' ve run them 
together." 

In the throwing events, Mall 
Seefeld qualified provisionally for 
nationals in the discus with a throw 
of 48.20 meters. 

DCSD's Own 

in concert at 

Monday, March 29, 1999 

"Mall is as promising as ever," 
throwing c6ach Jason Twedt said. 
"He is really focused this year and 
has been really working hard." 

Also enjoying a good day for 
the throwing team was senior Chris 
Swartz, who threw a personal best 
in the hammer throw with 133 '4", 
good enough for fourth overall and 
eighth best in school history. 
Teammate Dan Paredes' throw of 
161'9" in the javelin earned him 
eighth in the invitational heat and 
was the ninth best mark in school 
history. 

On the women's side, Christi 
Norton qualified for nationals with 
her impressive throw in the discus 
of 139'4", while her throw of 
145' 10" in the hammer throw 
ranked second all-time at UCSD. 
Summers qualified for junior 
nationals in the hammer with a 
throw of 140'8". 

"In a few years Tina will be a 
national-caliber athlete," Twedt 
said. "In tenns of the season, I'd 
say that everyone is farther ahead 
then they thought they would be at 
this point." 

The Tritons will next travel up 
to Riverside to compete in the 
UCR Invitational. 

The Stage at The Pob 
UCSD Camp"s at the Stmlent Center, E"wlyptus Grove tane 

Come join our favorite professor in an evening of: 
Medical, Biological and Political Humor 
f eaturing songs from this si,lger-songwriter 's new CD, 

"Hallelujah! Evolution!" 
and _~ome other surprises ( 

Tuesday, March 30, 1999 
7:00-10:00pm 
Reception at 7:00pm, show starts at 8:00pm 
All Ages Welcome 
Fo,' IIIo" e info"IIIation , "all PSB R .. ·., .. ls al 
(61'.1)25'.1- i784 or.,n lh~ w~h at httl .. lIwww. I.. I.r~. · or.I" .• ·om 
Venue iuro"IIIation: Call tl ... tll"~nl Crnlt' r ((, 1'.1)534-8'.12'.1 

$ 
$ 
$ 
$ 
$ 
$ 
$ 
$ 

Deadline: Friday, April 2nd 
Awards: Up to $2,000 
Unrestricted honorcuy scholarships are awarded on 
the basis of merit, academic excellence, and potential. 
Restricted honorary scholarships are awarded on the 
basis of merit, academic excellence, potential, and 
additional criteria such as financial need, leadership 
and community activities, geographic area, or study in 
a particular major. 
Applications (one application for all scholarships) are available in 
Student Financial Services (Building 201, University Center) between 
9:00 a.m. and 4:00 p.m. Monday through Friday. If you have any 
questions about scholarships, please contactlhe Scholarship Office 
at (619)534-3263. 

Monday, March 29, 1999 The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 19 

Tritons Piece Together a Much Needed Sweep 
PICK-ME-UP: After four straight losses, UCSD ended its Spring Break with a crucial 15-10, 15-10, 16-14 win over La Verne 
By Bill Burger 
Senior Staff Writer 

Things were not lOOking good 
for the men's vo lley ball team 
heading into Saturday night 's 
matchup wi th arch-rival La 
Verne University. Spring 
Break had not 
heen treating the 
Tri tons well . 

The team 
started the week otT with a 
hard-foughl four-game loss 
to the Stanford Cardinal on 
Tuesday and then continued on 
Friday with a three-game loss to 
the UC Irvi ne Anteaters. The 
Tritons were riding a four-match 
losing slreak heading into the 
biggest match of the year. 

The University of La Verne 
Leopards. who had defeated the 
Tritons in straight games earlier in 
the year, headed into RIMAC 
Aren-d on Saturday feeling unbeat-
able and left two hours laler with 
their collecti ve tai l between their 
legs as UCSD turned the tables on 
the Leopards by beating them in 
straight games, 15-10. 15- 10, 16-
14. 

In the tirsl game UCS D started 
out slowly and found themselves 
down 0-4. From there. the Trilons 
look complete control of the game. 
siding out well and playing enough 
defense 10 win the key points. The 
Leopards put together a late run. 
hut it wasn't nearly enough as the -
Tritons went on lO defeat La Verne. 
15- 10. 

Both teams hit well in the game. 
La Verne had 2 1 kills and only 7 
hitting errors, but UCSD was even 
more efficient offensively. The 
Tritons tallied 24 kills and commit-

ted only 5 hilling errors. 
"We were able to get a 

lot more going 
offensi vely than 
when we played 
them the first 

time," senior seller Kurt 
Seckington said. "Everybody 

wa . swinging well and lhat makes 
my job easy." 

The score in game two was the 
same, but the play was very differ-
enl. Both teams stifTened up their 
defense and didn 't allow the easy 
kills that were prevalent in game 
one. Like in the first game. the 
Tritons established a lead midway 
through it but were unable to put 
the Leopards away. In the end, the 
Triton defense was 100 lough and 
the offense was able to put just 
enough points away to come out 
with a 15- 10 viclory. 

In game three, the Tritons 
quickly built a 10-5 lead and the 
crowd could smell the sweep. 
However La Verne was not ready to 
give up quite yet. The Leopards ran 
off nine of the next 10 points to 
lake a 14- 11 lead. Things were 
looking had for the Tritons and 
they hegan to look worse as 
Seckington went crashing into the 
first row of scats chasing an arrant 
dig. Seckington was visibly shaken 
but fought on. Knowing thai losing 

STUDIES 

this game could kill hi s leam's 
momentum, Head Coach Jon 
Stevenson took two iime-outs late 
in the game. From there. the 
Tritons regained their composure 
and fought back to 14- 14 before 
winning the next two points and the 
game, 16-14, The win gave the 
Tritons a three games to zero victo-
ry. 

The Tritons were led offensive-
ly by newcomer Donald Chen. 
Chen, who just became eligible to 
play la ·t week, lallied 23 kills and 
only 5 errors. He also chipped in 
with 3 service aces. 

With this victory the Tritons 
Tegained a grip on the w~stern' bid 
into the Division III postseason. 

"This was a huge win but it is 
still a crapshoot," Seckington said. 
''They beat us earlier in the year so 
they still have an argument for 
being selected." 

The Tritons, who 'were ranked 
fifth in Division III going into the 
match will likely surpass the 

. Leopards, who were ranked third, 
in the next poll. 

Next up for UCSD is a three-
match road trip to Northern 
Ca liforni a where Stevenson 's 
squad wi ll take on UC anta Cruz, 
Stanford and lhe Uni versity of the 
Pacific. The match against the UC 
Santa Cruz Banana Slugs is a must 
win , and a win against either the 
Stanford Cardi nal or the 
University of the Pacific could 
help solidify the Tri tons' postsea-
son hopes. 

Lisa Huff/Guardjan 
Kill: Kaeo Griffin smacks one over a UOP block. Griffin and the 
Tritons will face UOP for a rematch this Friday. 

and Economic History 
of the Southwest I 

AND SMELL THE ASHTRAY! 
Remember the good 01' days? Burning eyes, stinky hair and clothes, feeling 
just kinda lousy? Being exposed to enough second-hand smoke to kill you? 
Death from tobacco smoke should not be a condition of employment. # 3401-09 ETHN130 MWF 2:30-3:20 

Center 212 

Sign up through Ethnic Studies 130 for either 
Ethnic Studies or History (HIUS 158) credit! 
This course examines the history of the Spanish and 

Mexican borderlands (Northern Mexico and what became 
the U.S. Southwest) from roughly 1400 to the end of the 
U.S. Mexican War in 1848, focusing specifically on the 

area's social, cultural, and political development. 

_ Many places are ignoring the smoke-free law - a latmr law deSigned to 
protect you and the other 850,000 bar and restaurant workers in California. 
So, sit back and watch the law go up in smoke ... Dr loin Ih8 San 011'0 Chapter 
of BREATH - because even one bar or restaurant out of compliance threatens our 
safe workplace laws. 

Call BREATH today for a free information packet on 
how you can make sure your workplace stays smoke-free! 

6111892-_8 WWW.lxPDSllobacCD.orglllreath 
D's YOUR law. Keep it working! 

RAlH· TIll CalIftmI8 s..b-F ..... Prog,.. 
llIIoool ____ "'-__ .. _,. __ ... oI'.-,.".. ____ _ 

-'--"_~oI_-'T_~_ 



20 CLASSIFlEDS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
I iii ~.-!3: I ~.~ ::J.t 
*ROUND TRIP COURIER FARESi' 
London $349 Sing $300 Hong Kong $389 
China $360 Sydney $580 Bqkok $370 
~['B:I'iJ:!I'l~I'n!ll~'!ili~ 
AIR COURIER INTERNATIONAL 

1-800-298-1230 24 hr 

GET IN ON THE JOKEI The 
Guardian's annual APRIL FOOL'S 
ISSUE is Thursday, April 1 sl! Ad 
deadline is Monday, Mar. 29, 2 pml 
(3/4-3129) 
TRIP FOR FREE! Visit g04.less.com 
and see how you can travel free. 
Mind·blowing savings of up to 70% 
on vacations, too. wwW.g04less.coml 
student (3/29·4/5) 

EVE N T S 
WIN $25,00- Essay Contest. http:// 
www.essaycontest.net 1-877· 
JWESSAY deadline: April 15. (3/8-4/ 

~. 
Camping Trip, Agua Caliente Co. 
Park, two hours east of S.D. Weekend 
of May 7th & 8th. Hiking, Potluck, 
Vegging out. Co·sponsored by the 
LGBTA & The Umbrella Group. Info: 
pharris@ucsd.edu or 277-8262. All 
welcome. (3129) 

EMPLOYMENT 
learn Bartending 

$1500 weekly potential mailing our 
circulars. No Experience Required. 
Free information packet. Call 
(202)452-5940. (1/19·3/29) 
MALE & FEMALE MODELS. Our 
models have worked for Esquire 
Magazine, Skechers, Levi's. Estee 
Lauder. Coca Cola. Most ages OK! 
Beginner's OK! Great pay! Call- Otto 
1 (800)959·9301 . (218·5/27) 
Sales/Marketing Internships-Earn 3· 
6 K Working on your Campus 
Telephone Directory Excellent 
Advertising/Sales/PR experience. 
Call COLLEGE DIRECTORY 
PUBLISHING: 1-800·466-2221 ext 

GIVE US TIME 
TO REPAY 

lOUR LOAN. 
After just three years in 

the Army, your college 
loan could be a thing of 
the past. 

Under the Army's Loan 
Repayment program, each 
year you serve on active 
duty reduces your indebt-
edness by one-third or 
$1,500, whichever amount 
is greater, up to a $65,000 
limit. 

This offer applies to 
Perkins Loans, Stafford 
Loans and certain other 
federally insured loans 
which are not in default 

And thi is just the 
first of many benefits the 
Army will give you. Get 
the whole story from 
your Army Recruiter. 

61'·488·1781 

ARMY. 
BI ALL lOU CAM BI: 

www.goarmy.com 

The UCSD Guardian 

CLASSIFIEDS 
The UCSD Guardian reserves the right to classily, edit, delete offensive words and 
phrases, and/or rei use any and all advertisements without prior notilication. The Advertiser 
will not hold the Guardian liable IOf any claims resulting Irom the publication 01 the 
advertisement. The publisher will also not be held accountable lor any claim Irom an 
agreement made between the advertiser and the consumer. 
Copy should be reviewed by the advertiser lor errors. In order to be corrected In the next 
regular Issue. all errors must be reported by the corresponding deadline. Credit wilt only 
be given lor the incorrect portion 01 the advertisement. There are no relunds lor cancellations. 
Pl ...... nd all correlpondenc. ragardlng CI .. lllled, 10: 
UCSD Guardian, Attn: Cla .. lfledl, 11500 Gilman Drlv. 10316, La Jolla, CA 1120113. 
Aclu.llocallon: Sludenl Cenler A, Room 217. 

233. www.campusdirectory.com (21 
16-4/26) 

JAI'ISC.N RANCH CAMP 
seeks COUNSELORS who are 

positive role models and teach 
programs like WATERfRONT, 

HORSES, MY. BIKES, THEATER, 
CRAFTS, ROCK CUMBING, etc . 

Room and board plus 
$2300/summer. 

Call 1·100-696·'062 for 
application . 

_.jamesonranchcamp.cam 

SUMMER MANAGEMENT 
POSITIONS now hiring high-
achieving students for a managerial 
position, which through training, 
support, effort & integrity results in 
personal & professional growth. Avg. 
earnings $9,200. 
www.varsitystudent.com. 1-888-295· 
9675. (2/25-3129) 
INTERNET COMPANY EXPANDING 
Z57.com has openings in all 
departments. Pleasevisitourwebsite 
for information and to apply . 
www.Z57.com. 619·491 ·2974. (3/4-
4/5) 
Strengthen your resume and still have 
fun . Bright, outgoing, ambitious. 
Millennium night club promotions 
dept. Fax 760-436-9188. (3129) 

Get Outta Town. 
Way Out! 

Jobs in Asia. College Grads. 
All Majors . No Experience 

eces aly. Native English 
Speakers. Spend a Year 

Abroad Teaching English. 
Save $800/mo. after 

expenses! 
Call! 559-221-7103 

Original dance, jazz, acid jazz, funk 
and r+b bands wanted for new upscale 
night club. Fax at 760-436-9188. (31 
29) 
Upscale night club seeks bright, 
personable, ambitious applicants for 
waitress positions. Fax at 760-436-
9188. (3129) 
Acoustic, solo , and jazz artists 
wanted. Fax at 760-436-9188, orsend 
package to PO Box 12630 S.D., CA. 
92112. (3129) 
SIX4 Studios, a full-service production 
house, is looking for talented team 
members for projects including 
computer game development, 
animation , video & multimedia 
production. For more info, call 619· 
299-6464 or visit our web site at 
www.six4.com. (3/4-29) 
Part time garden help needed. $8.00/ 

MONDAY-FRIDAY 9:00am-5:30pm 
WEDNESDAYS I 0:00am-5:30pm 

INTHE UCSD PRICE CENTER (619)452-0630 
C (J lJ ri c I I I A ,J 0 I I II ,n' I I If. r) R ( I 

Classified Line 
Ad Rates 

Students: $3 per 20 wordl 
Faculty & Staff: 54 per 20 WOrdl 

All othera: S5 per 20 WOrdl 
Advance payment is required 

Classified Display 
Ad Rates 

$9.00 per column Inch 
Deadlines: 

Puillicltion DII. OIapily Acla LillI Adl 
lIondIy 
ThurHay 

Noon Thurs. 3 pm ThIn. 
Noon Mon. 3 pm lion. 

hour, 1 day/week. Leave name and 
telephone It at 687-1908. (318-4/1) 

GENSEl, a rapidly growing 
international genomics company with 
corporate, research and 
manufacturing sites in La Jolla, has 
an immediate opening for a R_dI 
Secretary. 
Responsibilities include typing 
scientific papers, preparing graphs 
and charts for scientific presentations. 
maintaining central research files, 
distributing interoffice mail , arranging 
domestic and international travel . 
receiving oU1side visitors and acting 
as liasion between lab and corporate 
personnel. 
Excellent clerical skills and one ta 
two years won< experience in a biotech 
environment preferred. Must be highly 
organized, motivated and detail 
oriented. Must possess excellent 
written and oral communication skills 
and knowledge of MS Word and 
Internet. 
PIe_ mall __ with _ tetter to: 

HR Dept., GENSEl, 
875 Prospect St. '206, 

La Jon. CA 92037. 
Fu to 819-551-3001 or 
...... 1 to h,.,enIlY.com. 

NO PHONE CALLS PLEASE. 

COPY CLUB in La Jolla seeks friendly 
professional, smiling copy consultants 
for sales/production in busy 24 hour 
copy cenler. FIT and PIT days and 
eves. shifts available. Call 457-9500 
or apply in person at Costa Verde 
Shopping Center. Great work 
environment, flexible hours, growth 
potential. $6.50lhr. + benefits for FIT. 
(3/4·29) 
If you know HTML, Perl, CGI , etc. 
(good but no expert) and need a part-
time job, work your own hours from 
your own computer. Many ongoing 
projects . (619) 270-5781. Email: 
contact@bizarena.com (3129) 
EXCEPTIONAL SUMMER 
OPPORTUNITY- Camp Wayne, NE 
PA. Counselor Specialists for all landi 

Monday, March 29, 1999 

Water Sports. Outdoor Adventure; 
Mtn Biking, Rocketry, MC, Drama, 
Radio, Video. Campus interview~ 
Thurs., April 15th. Call 1-888-549-
2963 or e-mail wayneboys@aol.com 
(3/29-4/8) 
Pasadena area Summer Day Camp 
now hiring energetic and responsible 
people for counselor positions. 
Looking for group counselors , 
lifeguards and wranglers. Spend your 
summer outside making new friends. 
Call TOM SAWYER CAMP (626)794-
1156. (3/29-4/15) 
MONEY AVAILABLE. OK, so you 
have to worldorit ... $7-$10perhour 
for clerical work. Accuracy and 
attention to detail essential. Within 
walking distance of UCSD campus. 
Informal and mutually respectful 
environment. Very flexible hours. Call 
457-5757. (3129) 

Yoh Scientific needs: ' 
-Chemists 

-Biochemists 
·Microbiologists 

-Molecular Biologists 
-Research Associates 

·Lab Technicians! Assistants 
-Chemical Engineers 
Fax (619)622-9048 

Phone (619)622-9005 

lIM!bc 
Wanted: International House 
Resident Advisors, Communication 
and Special Programs Intems for 
1999-2ooo! Applications available, 
ERC Residence Life Office. Deadline 
4/23199. (3129-4/1) 
Counselors wanted for the world-
renowned SUMMER DISCOVERY, 
pre-college program. Spend the 
summer working with teenagers at 
one of our exciting residential campus 
programs (UCLA, UC San Diego, U 
of Michigan, Georgetown, U of 
Vermont). Must be at least 21 by 
June 20th and have a valid driver'S 
license . Info at 888-878-6637, 
statt@summerfun .com or 
www.summertun.com (3129-4/8) 
Clerical: Duties include answering 
phones, fil ing, and computer work. 
Start $7/hr. Bilingual in English/ 
Spanish preferred, not necessary. 
Call Jorge,SAAD: 452-11 05. (3129-4/ 
5) -
Camp Counselors: Youth exper. & 
refs. Horseback ride / watertront / 
swim / rock climb. SF East Bay. 925-
283-3795 / jobs@roughingit.com (31 

V 1 & TEACH ENGLISH IN ~ 
~JAPAN!j 
~ AEON, One of the largest English conversation schools in Japan, ~ is recruiting enthusiastic individuals on an ongoing basis to teach ~ 

English in one of our 250 branch schools, located throughout 
~ Japan. BAIBS degree required. These pOSitions are salaried and ( 

offer benefits and housing assistance. For consideration please 
~ send resume and one page essay stating why you want to ( 
~ - live and work in Japan: 
~ AEON Corporallon 
~ 9301 Wilshire Blvd. 1202 

Beverly Hills, CA 90210 
L 

www.aeonet.com 
aeonla@aeonet.com 
Fax: 310-550-1463 

~ 

Robert A. Rees D.D.S. Cosmetic and Family Dentistry 
Soft and Gentle Dentistry • "We cater to the timidn 
All phases Of. Treatment Avai lable : Cleanings/Exams, Non-Mercury Fillings, Crowns, 
Root Canals, Extractions, and Cosmetic Dentistry. We provide bleaching, too! 
Student Discounts Available. Insurance is Accepted. 

Call Us for an Appointment Today! 
7761 Herschel Ave. In Downtown La Jolla 

(619) "5"-6181 Mon-Thurs 7am-2pm 
Check us out at: www.RobertReesDDS.com 

Monday, March 29, 1999 

29) 
Free CD Holders, T·Shirts, Pre· Paid 
Phone Cards. Earn $1000 part-time 
on campus. Students or Student 
Organizations. Call for info. 1·888-
358-9099. (3/29) 
FREE RADIO + $12501 Fundraiser 
open to student groups and 
organizations. Earn $3-5 per Visa! 
MC app. We supply all materials at no 
cost. Call for info or visit our website. 
Qualified callers receive a FREE Baby 
Boom Box. 1-800-932-0528 x65 
~o~oncepts .c_o~ (3/29) _ 
HELP WANTED. Earn Extra cash!!! 
Make your own hours!! Responsible 
students to market/manage Citibank 
promotions on campus . Free 
giveaways! Earn $4oo+/week. Call 
Rose at...1-800-950-8472 (3/29) 
NEED Mother's Helper. 3:00/3:30-
7:00 p.m. in Rancho Santa Fe in 
return for apartmenl, pay, and use of 
pool , tennis court· need minimum 1 
year committment. A great job for the 
right person. Phone 619-756-1608. 
(3/29-4/!!L _ _ 
Responsible person to drive 12 year 
old girl to school in mornings by 7:30. 
La Jolla Colony to Clairemont. $6 per 
day. (619) 587-8765. (3/2~) 
The Guardian needs a Graphic 
DeSignertodesignadsl Experience 
with Pagemaker or Quark Xpress 
required; experience with illustration 
software, scanner and Photoshop 
highly preferred. Layout or paste-up 
experience helpful. Must be able to 
work in an intensive production 
environment with deadlines. To apply 
call Mike Martinez at 534-0468 or 
stop by the Guardian offices, located 
Student Center A, room 217. (3/29-4/ 
_1) _ _ _ 
Earn $6,OOO-$9,OOO/yr. extra! Local 
area counselors needed. Enjoy cross-
cultural experiences? Support 
families and International nannies in 
your area. Contact Kristen (888)222-
2966. (3129-4/8) 

ROOMMATES 
Share large master bedroom with 
attached bathroom in Villa La Jolla 
Apartments for $320 plus one·third 
utili ties. Poo l/spa/weight room. 
Apartment is very nice and always 
clean. Located behind Ralph's near 
shopping and buses . Walking 
distance to school. Available now. 
Call Marc at 587-8875. (318-4/01) 
Female roommate wanted for 
summer. Apt. near UTC. Pools, spas, 
gym. Own room w/ walk-in closet. 

You can work 
downtown or 

across the 

E 
o 
o 

-II) 

o 
> 
o 
c: 

werld 
Wherever you wont your cot-
lege degree to toke you. first 
let It lake you to Japan. 
The world 's largest English-
Immersion language school 
Is looking lor committed 
Instructors (we haIn you) to 
live and work (we'. aslill 
you) in cities across Japan. 
Send a resume and a letter 
describing your Interest in this 
exciting apportunlty. Don· t 
worry about the language 
barrier. we don·t expect you 
to speak Japanese, we only 
expect you t~ommunicate 
enlhusiasm and supportive 
commitmentl Apply now for 
a Foil departure. EOE. 

Interact Novo Groupl 
Job Code UCSD 
601 California St,eel. Suote 702 
San Francisco. CA Q41 ~ 
FAX (415) 788-3726 
Phone. (415) 788-3717 
E·maiI numbeflOnOYO-st.com 

Near bus. (619)544-1203 
abseaton@pacbell.net (3129-4/8) 

FOR RENT 
PRE-RENT your summer or fall of 99 
OFF CAMPUS HOUSING. We have 
2·3·4 or 5 bedroom houses or condos. 
NearUTC/UCSD. For information call 
619-578-4257. (3/29-4/29) 
Room now available. 10 minutes from 
UC1iD. Only $310/mo. or $425 for 
huge master/bath + 1/3 utilities. 
(Female only) call Shirin/Jenna 492-
9668 or 910-1448. (3/29) 

FOR SALE 
Brand name computers with monitors 
from $299.00. Compaq, IBM, NEC. 
Internet world PCS. 619-690·2168. 
www.tijuanapc.com. (3/11·4/8) 
Futon, Black, metal frame with tan 
coverforcushion. Excellent condition 
with extra thick cushion . Best offer 
619-350-0724. (3/29) __ _ 

~ ANT E D 
EGG DONORS NEEDED! 

Desperately wanted by infertile, hopelul 
parents. All races needed. Ages 21·30. 

Compensation $".000. Please call 
OPTIONS National Fertility 

Registry (800)886-9373. 

"Make a Difference" 
In couples lives that 

are longing to have a 
famil y. 

They need your 
special HELP 

If you are healthy and 
between 19-30 yrs old 

Compensation is 
heartily given for 

your time and effort 
3000.00 plus $150.00 
for travel expen es. 
Please call CREATIVE · 
CONCEPTIONS, INC. 

1-888-411-EGGS 
e·mall: cCinceggsaaol.com 

lVeb page 
creatlveconceptlon.nef 

Caucasian Research subjects 
reimbursed for interview. If you are a 
UCSD student, 21·25, call 552-8585 
x4185 for more information. (1/11-6/ 

The UCSD Guardian 

3) 
Volunteers paid $30.00 for interview. 
If you are entirely of Japanese or 
Korean descent, age 21·25, call 552· 
8585 x 2182. (1/7-6:c../3:.L) __ 

WE'RE LOOKING FOR A 
FEW GOOD SPERM! Sperm 
donors needed. Ages 20·39.AII races. 

$50 per acceptable donation. Call 
OPTIONS National Fertility 

Registry (800)886-9373. 

Jewish Research subjects 
reimbursed for interview. If you are a 
UCSD student, 21-25, call 552·8585 
x4185 for more information. (1 /11-6/ 
3_) ____ _ 
Give the miracle of life- Becoming an 
egg donor. Females between 21 & 
31 , call (6 19) 673-0885 . 
(Compensation for time , 
inconvenience) (21~6·6/3) __ 
Become an Egg Donor. Help make a 
couple's dream come true. Surrogate 
Parenting Services. (800)373-9525. 
(3/11-6/1) 
ASIAN EGG DONOR NEEDED: 0 
blood type. Taiwanese, Korean, or 
Japanese preferred. Financially 
rewarding. Call Tara (619)449-9497. 
(3/29-4/29) 

SERVICES 

$24.95 color ink (iI/ct. all 3 colors) 
All makes and models. 

888· 792·0345 
,M-, 9to 6, 

NEED A TUTOR? SUCCESS 
TutOring Services. Hundreds of tutors 
available for all subjects, reasonable 
rates (619) 51 ·TUTOR (619)518· 
8867 http://welcome.toltutor (3/8·4/ 
26) 
PSYCHOTHERAPY: Individual and 
couples therapy, in a supportive and 
caring environment, to help you deal 
with personal, family and school 
pressures, relationship Issues, 
depression, loss, anxiety, pregnancy, 
self'esteem, motivation , career 
issues, etc . Laurie Kolt, Ph.D., 
Psychologist (Lic#PSY8556), La Jolla 
456-2005. (3129) 
COUNSELING- ·supportive". 

come on UCSD, just try it. 
we double-dog dare you. 

buy and sell used textbooks; 
post classified ads .. .for FREE! 

www.booktrade.org. 
students selling to students. 

students saving money. simple. 

"lSpecial COllple" 
Nee{/s Egg DOIIOI~ 

Vibrant, affluent couple seeks fantastic egg donor posses ing 
the following attributes: 5'5" or taller with Blood/Light Brown 

Hair and Blue, Green or Light Hazel Eyes. $6000.00 will 
compensate this special person for her time. 

Please call CREATIVE CONCEPTIONS, INC. at 
1-888-411-EGGS 

(Be au .. to mention the ad you are calling about.) 

Individual sessions, Energy Mediine, 
Women & Mixed Groups March 14 
and 17. Affordable, sliding scale. 
Joanne 483-7623. (3/29) 

Speedy Research 
Reports: $6.00 per page. 

Over 50,000 topics & clippings. 
Materials for research 
assistance use only l 

6546 Hollywood Bl vd . 
2nd floor, RM 209 

Los Angeles, CA 90028 
Hours: Mon-Fri. 10'30 n.m.-6 p.lll. 

S,uurdays II n. lll .-4 p.m. 
Custom Research Available 

VisaiMC/AmerEx 
Call ttlday! 1-lIII0-356-9001 

PERSONAL INJURY? Let 
experienced attorneys and UCSD 
alumni recover big money for you. 
Contact Brett Peterson at 232-1826 
or Bauhaus83@Yahoo.com (3/29) 
Typing Service. Proficient in Word 
Processing. WordPerfect 6.1, MS 
Word, Excel and Power Point. 277-
0303. (3/29-4/5)_ 
BE HERE NOW . .. Practice the Art 
of English Conversation and 
Friendship. I tutor International 
Citizens. $10.00 hourly. ~rs. Pardy, 
558-4107. (3/29 

CLASSIFIEDS 21 

LOST & FOUND 
Missi ng : Compaq 1235 laptop 
computer from Black HalV Warren 
Apartments on Sunday, March 7th. 
Reward for its return or information 
leading to its return. Call 455-7827 or 
e-mail: Stars91913@aol.com (3/8·4/ 
8) 
Found (3/9/99): Wrislwatch, between 
Bonner Hall and the Grove. To claim, 
please send description to 
kurt@ucsd.edu (3/29-4/1) 

PERSONALS 
GET IN ON THE JOKEI The 
Guardian's annual APRIL FOOL'S 
ISSUE is Thursday, April 1st! Ad 
deadline is Monday, Mar. 29, 2 pm! 
(3/4·3129) 
Congratulations to Monica Lewinsky, 
who just bagged an American Film 
Institute Lifetime AchievementAward! 
(3/29) 
San Francisco mayor Willie Brown 
wants to equip licensed beggars with 
machines that would allow them to 
take credit card donations. Meet me 
at the tub and save me a Kool -Aid 
shooter. (3/29) 

UTIFUL SMILES MADE HERE 

• White Fillings, Porcelain Crowns & 
Veneers, Bonding 

$55* 

• Teeth Whitening in Just One Visit 
• Straighten Teeth with Clear 

Braces/Retainers 
• Oral Surgery, Root Canal Therapy, 

Periodontal Care 
• 24 Hour Emergency Care 
• Digital X-Rays - 90% less radiation! 
• Ask us about No Drills & No Needles! 

Cosmetic and Orthodontic 
Using Video Imaging 

1 0 0 7 Most Insurance - Plans Accepted 
-----------• 

• 
• 
• 

Catholic Community at UCSD 

Holy Week Schedule 
April! 

Holy Thursday 
Mas of the Lord's upper 

8:30pm 
University Lutheran 

Church 

A ril2 
Good Friday Service 
The Lord's Passion 

5:30pm 
Price Center Theatre . 

A ril3 
Holy Saturday 

Easter Vigil 
9:00pm 

Price enter Ballroom 

A ril4 
Easter Sunday 

lO:OOam 
Price Center Ballroom 



SPORTS 22 The UCSD Guardian Monday, March 29, 1999 

Tritons Continue to Roll in Full Swing 
FEELlN' IT: After two recent strong tournament finishes, the Tritons kept it in stride as they won the Cal Lutheran Invitational 
By John Maynard 
Sports Editor 

Among Division III schools, 
UCSD is ranked as the No. 2 team 
nationally. The Tritons have also 
been slotted as the o. 12 

lied on day two of the Aldila 
Collegiate Classic held on March 8 
and 9 in Santee, to finish a 
respectable 13th place out of 20 
teams. Wydra aid that the Tritons 

finished ahead of seven full -
team in Division II play. scholarship universities. 
JI' there \ as any doubt After a week off for 
that the Tritons .Ift" GO L ~ I finals, . the. Triton.s were 
deserved such recog- . back III full swmg on 
niti on, all questions 
were answered last 
Monday at the Cal lutheran 
Invitational. 

Recently. the Tritons have been 
playing solid golf. Backed by Head 
Coach Mike Wydra, UCSD's golf 
team turned in a strong second-
place linish in the 59th Annual 
Southem Califomia Intercollegiate 
Championships, held on March 5 
and 6. From there. the Tritons ral-

Monday, and, riding their 
recent wave of solid play in 

the past two tournaments, the 
Tritons were on fire. The Tritons 
brought home first-place honors in 
the IO-team field, as they edged by 
Pt. Loma Nazarene in the day's sec-
ond set of rounds, with a combined 
score of 601. Pt . Loma tumed in a 
610. 

Wydra said PI. Loma has often 
been on UCSD's list of victims, 

"Ev.ryon.'s coming 
tog.ther and 
playing w.II .... The 
stats are tlght.nlng 
up, the ch.mlstry Is 
good. We'll be a 
pr.tty good force." 

- Mike Wydra 
Head Coach 

and has grown tired of il. PI. Lorna 
has recently added some ,new fire 
to the squad by offering scholar-
ships for golf. This, however, was 
not enough to overtake the Tritons 
last Monday. 

Despite its tirst round lead, Pt. 
Loma could not hold on in the 
afternoon. and the Tritons stepped 

up. 
PI. Loma was confident it would 

win after the moming round .as it 
owned a two-stroke lead over the 
second·place Tritons. But Wydra 
said Pt. Loma may have counted its 
eggs too soon. 

"You can' t talk about anything 
until it's all done," Wydra said. 

The winds picked up for the 
second rounds and the course 
became less forgiving. The Tritons 
made their adjustments better than 
PI. Loma did, and turned in lower 
scores, as they secured the win. 
UCSD brought in a combined 304, 
while Pt. Loma could only muster 
315. 

This latest win not only. solidi-
fies a top one or two national 
ranking in Division III, it also 
secures a spot in the Nationals 

• Plan IN_wI cash for used textbooks-
finals week & first week of every quarter 

• More CHEAP Used books IN_wI 
• The BIGGEST selection of UCSD 

textbooks anywhere in the world INDWI 
• 

EASIEST & fastest refunds & exchanges 
in the world INowl 

ucsd bookstore 
~ www-bookstore.ucsd.edu 

NCAA Finals tomorrow night. The GUIUdian eporta gays may not pK!tlC8(li,.n'~.lM. 
sixteen ... or the great eight, but we got UCONN and DUKE right. and 

held in Williams, Massachusetts 
on May 17 through May 20. And 
while the Tritons have their sights 
set on the final tournament of the 
season, they are primarily focused 
on their four remaining regular-
season matches: a head-to-head 
duel with PI. Loma (April 7), the 
Pomona Pitzer Invitational (April 
12), a Claremont College match 
(April 14) and a match against the 
University of Redlands (April 
22). 

The Tritons feel they can win 
each of these four matches. Plus, 
they are already confident ihey will 
be strong at Nationals. 

"Everyone's coming together 
and playing well," Wydra said. 
''The stats are tightening up, the 
chemistry is good. We'll be a pret-
ty good force." 

Canyon Vista • Center Hall 
Club Hed • Geisel library 

General Store • Grove Caffe 
HSS lecture Halls 

Harshall Dean's Office 
Hed School library 

M.O.H. • Pepper Canyon Apts. 
Peterson Hall • Porter's Pub 
Price Center • Rathskeller 

Registrar's Office 
Revelle Sundry Store 

Solis Hall • Tioca/Tenaya Halls 
Warren lecture Halls 

York Hall • Undergrad library 
University Bookstore 

USE Credit Union 

G 
Outer Campus 

~I"AC • UNEX 
SuperComputer Center 

Institute of the Americas 
Gilman Drive Info Booth 

Torrey Pines Center 
North T.P. Info Booth 

SIO library • Snackropolis, SIO 
Niremberc Hall, SID 
Thorton Hospital, ER 

Early Childhood Education (ntr. 

Monday, March 29, 1999 The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 23 

Hell Week Turns Out to be Not So Bad. After ' All 
RESFRESHMENT: After a week of gruelling practices, the Tritons ended their break with two impressive wins 
By John Maynard its lead to 5-3 by halftime. 
Sports Editor However. LMU's Lucy Windes 

The women 's watcr polo team's took control in the opening 
Hel" Week. also known as Spring moments of the third quarter and 
Break\. paid off with two needed scored three unanswered goals, to 
victories. improving the Tritons' give the Lions a 6·5 lead. The 
record to 7-10 on the sea- Tritons and the Lions traded 
son. goals for the remainder of 

As a culrni- the third period. 
nation of their I WOAfEN'S."WOLO I However, a goal 
·'break." the by LMU 's Cara 
Tritons traveled to Schindler in the fourth 
Redlands last Saturday to quarter gave LMU a 9-7 lead 
take on Loyola Marymount with just over three minutes to 
University (LMU ) and the play. 
University of Redlands. These The Tritons did not give up. and 
were two games the Tritons wanted freshman Emma Kudrit zki 's 
to win, and coming off recent wins buzzer-beating goal sent the game 
to University of the Pacific (UOP) into overtime. In overtime, the 
and Bucknell University (PA). as Tritons scored 3 unanswered goals 
well as a nail-bi ting double-over- to secure the win . 
time loss to No. 7-ranked Courtney Hemmerly and 
University of Massachusells, Head Kudritzki. who each scored 3 

. Coach Denny Harper 's squad was goals. were the top scorers for 
more than cbnlident they could do UCSD. Keeper Marayam 
it. Hadiashar had 9 saves in the cage. 

"We wanted to go into Tired ye t enthused from the 
I Saturday) and come back 2-0," morning's LMU wi·n. the Tritons 
junior Dara Burch said. came out strong in their second 

On Saturday, the Tritons met up game on Saturday. and went on to 
with LMU for the first of two beat Redlands in another close one, 
games. The opening minute. of the 7-6. 

Usa Huff/Guardian 
FlcNlter: UCSD freshman Erin Welsh swims for a loose ball against UMASS. The Tritons narrowly lost 
that came, but made up for it with two wins on Saturday. Welsh scored 2 goals on Sat. against LMU. 

first period indicated that UCSD got it going early in the 
Saturday's games would be battles. first quarter against Redlands as 
It took some last-second heroics junior Megan Wallis scored a pair 
and one ovenime period, but the of goals in the tirst minute and a 
Tritons prevailed over thc Lions. half of the game to give the 
12-9. Tritons a 2-0 lead. The Tritons 

UCSD held on to a 3·2 lead continued to score in the second 
after the first quarter. and extended and third quarters, and held a 6-3 

lead going into the last moments 
of the final period. Midway into 
the fourth quarter. just as the 
Tritons were growing comfortable 
with their 3-goal lead . the 
Bulldogs scored 3 unanswered 
goals. to tie the game with 2:28 to 
play. But Kudritzki, who came 

through with a crucial overtime-
sending goal against LMU, had 
another shining moment of hero-
ism and scored the game-winning 
'goal with I :36 remaining. 

Saturday's pair of wins marked 
the third and fourth victories for the 
Tritons in the past couple of weeks. 

Right before finals week, the 
Trilons beat Bucknell on March 10 
and UOP on March 13 . Between 
that pair of games, the Tritons fell 
to UMASS in double-overtime, 4-
5. Hemmerly, Wallis, Burch and 
Joanna Chung each scored goals 
for UCSD. 

THINKING OF MOVING 
OFF-CAMPUS? 

Here's a break for your parents-a chance for 
them to write off some of your college tuition! 

How, you ask? 
HAVE MOM & DAD BUY A 
CONDO OR TOWNHOUSE! 

You can: • Rent the extra rooms to your friends ... 
• Use the rent money to pay for the mortgage ... 
• You live in the condo for FREE, and .. . 

TOBIN 
One of UCSD's 
finest is also a 

Realtor®! 

• ... your parents can write off the interest on the mortgage! 

DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY PAYING RENT! 
Here's a way to pay for housing that is also an investment! Call Tobin today at 

r·"·Mi)-rtASSOCIATES If' .•• REALTY (619)637-0609 (voice mail) (619)621·5279 (office) 
e-mail:Finestrealtor@hotmail.com 9988 Hilbert Street. Ste 100. San Diego. CA 92131 

Each oflice Is independently owned and operated 

* * * * * * * * * 

TAX RELIEF SALE 
* * * * * * * * * ( 

COPIES 
(8112" x 11" Self Serv., BlICk & White Copi •• on 201 bond) 

Expire. April 15,1999 

Costa Verde Shopping Center 
8650 Genesee Ave., Ste. #200 

(619) 457-9500 

UNDERGRADUATE STUDY ABROAD 
---+---

GREAT BRITAIN 
. AUSTRALIA 

IRELAND 
NEW ZEALAND 

---+---
ARGENTINA 

CHILE 
COSTA RICA 

FaU, Spring or Full Year. Scholarships Available . 
Study Abroad Information Session: 
Representative: Carolyn Watson 

Wed. March 31 3:00 pm 
Date: International Center Conference Rm 

Location: Thurs. April 1 11:00 am - 2:00 pm 
Information Table in Price Center 

For funher information comact the Institute (or Study Abroad. Butler Univenity, 
4600 SUlIKt Avenue, Indianapolis, IN 46208, Tel: 8OO{858·0229 Fax: 317/940·9701 

INSTITUTE FOR STUDY ABROAD 
BUTLER UNIVERSITY 

~ The joke's on you. 
~ later this week. 



24 SPORTS 

·",.._to 
• ""* In ".. 

rNd, taIre If, • 
- Yogi Berra 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, March 29, 1999 

PORTS 
Both the men's and women's swimming and diving 
teams swam their best meets at the NCAA Division III 

Championships, taking 3rd and 4th, respectively 
By John Maynard 
Sports Editor 

Last year at the NCAA Division 
III s~imming and diving champi-
nships the men's and women's 

squads finished an impressive 
second and third place, 
re pectively. This year, 
the Tritons swam 
even ' better. 
Unfortunately , 
so did everybody else. 
Though not placing as high 
as it did last year, UCSD had one of 
it be t team meets in recent histo-
ry. The' men 's team brought home 
the bronze, while the women fin-
ished in fourth place at Nationals. 

During the weekend preceding 
final exams, the top members of the 
women's swimming and diving 
team traveled to Oxford. Ohio for 
the NCAA Division III Women's 
Championships. They returned 
home to San Diego adorned with 
medals. 

The women chalked up a 
grand total of 348.0 points, 
edged out of third place by 

o Williams College (Mass) by a 
mere 7.5 points. Perennial 

.1\ powers Kenyon College (/ Is (Ohio) and Denison 
Uni ve rsity (Ohio); ~ grabbed !'irst and ;::> U second place. res pectiv e ly . . ~ Kenyon blew ~ away the field 

c:- ~ with 664.5 
'-"'" points, while Denison 

tallied 503.0 pOints. 
Among the UCSD contingency, 

junior Amanda Gurnee received the 
most accolades. Gurnee made the 
finals in seven events over the 

three-day championships: the 
200-yard freestyle relay, 

50-yard free, the 400- and 
2oo-yard med-
ley relay. 200-
yard free, 100-

yard free and the 400-
yard free relay. Gurnee's top 

finish came in the 4oo-yard 
freestyle relay where the junior, 
along with her teammates Sarah 
Brainard, Sharon Smith and Jenny 
Irwin, turned in a time of 3:30.43 
- good enough for third place. 

Individually. Gurnee racked up 
a pair of seventh-place finishes in 
the 100- and 2oo-yard freestyle, as 
well as an eighth-place finish in the 
50-yard free. 

Senior Kel.ly Byrne was also 
extremely busy in her last meet as a 
Triton. Byrne made it to the finals 
in three events and broke school 
records in all three. Her best came 
in the 2oo-yard individual medley, 
where she took home second-place 
overall with a time of 2:08.11. The 
senior also placed fifth in the 400-
yard individual medley and eighth 
in the 200-yard breaststroke. 

Brainard, a rre 'hman on the 
UCSD squad, was an integral 
member to four of the Tritons' relay 
teams. She helped bring home third 
place in the 400-yard freestyle 
relay, fourth place in the 2oo-yard 

Several Tritons Qualify for Nationals 
SUPER BREAK: UCSD track qualified a plethora of athletes at the annual UCSD Spring Break Open 
By Saul Sheridan 
Senior Staff Writer 

For most student · at UCS D, 
pring Break is a time to start tak-

ing it \:asy. All that hard work you 
put in during the wi nter has paid off 
-'it's now time to shift down from 
overdri ve into crui se contro l. Hard 
work is a thing of the past and 
spring quarter is merely time to get 
a head start on your summer tan . 

However, for those on the 
UCS D track and field squad. noth-
ing could be further from the truth. 
Spring Break is the time to test 
your elf to see how far you have 
come, and to see how far you have 
to go. Spring quarter is the last 
chancc for the Tritons to attain the 
goals they set out at the beginning 
of the season. 

Last weekend at the C an 

Diego Spring Break Open, the 
Tritons had the opportunity to 
show otT their skills and abilities 
in a meet that was focused more 
on indi vidual performance than on 
the team total. The Tritons tOok 
advantage of the opportunity as 
they shined against some of 
the be t competition in the 
country. 

"Everyone did 
really well ," fresh-
man Tina Summers 
said. "There was some 
really tough competition 
and I think it raised everyone's per-
formance level." 

The men 's di stance team 
enjoyed outstanding performances 
from several of its runners. In the 
men's 3.000-meter steeplechase. 
junior Jo 'h Levin-Soler placed fifth 

in the invitational heat with a per-
sonal best time of 9:38.47. 
Finishing not far behind him were 
freshmen David Dunhar and 
Stephen Martin, who each recorded 
personal best times of 9:56.34 and 
9:58.48, respectively. 

In the men's 10,000-
meter invitational, junior 
Nathan Garcia enjoyed 

his best performance 
of the season with a 
second-place finish in 

the event with a personal 
best time of 31 :55.42, barely 

edging out teammate Steve 
Varnell , who finished on Garcia's 
heels with a time of 31 :55.45. 
Coming in fifth for the Tritons was 
fre hman Franzwa Achie, who 
came in with a personal best 
32:29.54. 

On the women 's side, junior 
Jessica Shugart led the way with 
her first-place performance in the 
women's 100-meter invitational 
with a time of 12.70 seconds. good 
enough for .seventh all-time in 
UCSD history. 

"We move [Shugart] around to 
hone her skills and she always 
finds a way to succeed," Head 
Coach Ted Van Arsdale said. "She's 
one of those athletes that are suc-
cessful because she's determined to 
be successful. She is a true com-
petitor." 

Also having a big day for the 
Tritons was sophomore Cindy 
Dostalek, who finished second in 
the open 400-meter hurdles with a 
time of I :07.49, seventh-best time 
in UCSD history. She then went on 

See ntACK, page 18 

freestyle relay, tifth place in the 
400-yard medley relay and sixth 
place in the 200-yard medley relay. 

Junior Rebecca Arnold swam 
the second leg of the 200- and 400-
yard medley relay. Yet Nationals 
did not end there for her. Arnold 
also swam solidly in the 100- and 
2oo-yard breast, where she finished 
in fifth and seventh, respectively. 

Joining Arnold in the loo-yard 
breaststroke were Lindsey Meeke 
and Sandra Lopez. Meeke finished 
less than a second behind Arnold, 
good for sixth place. Lopez. who 
was just over three-tenths of a sec-
ond slower than Meeke. took sev-
enth place. Lopez also finished in 
firth place in the 2oo-yard breast-
stroke with a time of 2:21 .11 . 

The women's squad clearly set a 
standard for the UCSD men 's 
swimming and diving squad to fol-
low a week later at its NCAA 
Division III Swimming and Diving 
Championships. The men were 
more than up to the challenge. The 
Tritons finished third overall , 
bringing in a combined 289 points. 

Just as Kenyon and Denison tin-
ished first and second in the 
women's competition. they packed 
a one-two punch once again in 
men 's play. Kenyon scored 670 
points and Denison tallied 382.5 
points. The win for Kenyon marked 
its 20th consecutive NCAA 
Division III championship - the 
longest streak of national champi-
onships in the history of NCAA 

See SWIM, page 17 


