
Elsewhere 
1prI ...... 1p ...... 
................ 
WASHINGTON, D.C. - In a 
4O-minute lecture, talk show 
host JelT)' Springer spoke to 
students at George Washington 
University last Thursday about 
the media, the Clinton 
impeachment trial and the 
right to privacy. Springer criti-
cized the media, saying that 
journalists are invading peo-
ple 's privacy. The talk show 
host also discussed how the 
impeachment of President 
Clinton is eroding the right to 
privacy, because he said that 
Kenneth Starr went too far in 
looking into the president's 
affairs. Springer also mocked 
his own show several times, 
saying "I've got the stupidest 
show on television, but you 
can'. be smart all the time. It 's 
an hour escape from what ails 
us." 

- The Hatchet 

Ary .. M .. 1on Will 
Not UselmIC. 
NEW HAVEN, Conn. - The 
Aryan Nation will no longer 
use the "Old Books" image 
that adorns the opening page 
of Yale University 's website. 
After a student told the univer-
sity 's webmaster team in 
December that the Aryan 
Nation's online "Literature 
Archives" contained a copy of 
the image, the university 
informed the Aryan webmaster 
that the use of the image vio-
lated copyright laws. Yale and 
the Aryan Nation agreed to 
remove the image from its 
website. The Aryan Nalion 
was allegedly using the "Old 
Books" image to sell copies of 
the book 'The Hitler We 
Loved and Why." 

- Yale Daily Nl'lVx 

Mor.Women ..... 
....... .,."... 
MADISON, Wis. - The U.S. 
Department of Education 
recently released a report stat-
ing that the number of women 
seeking advanced degrees has 
grown in recent years, while 
the number of men seeking the 
same has decreased. The report 
stated that although there are 
more college-age men than 
women in the United States, 
8.4 million women enrolled in 
college in 1996, compared to 
only 6.7 million men. The 
department's report also states 
that by 2007, there will be an 
even larger gap, with a project-
ed 9.2 million women enrolled 
in college compared to only 
6.9 million enrolled men. 

- Bodgu Herald 

Save Davel 
Mens' B-ball Friday at 
7 p.m, in RIMAe Arena 

Day 14 

Spoken ••• 
"In the six years of 
designing, ITER is a 
technical success. " 

-CMIIII .... 
u.s. ITER Home Team Leader 

See story at rICht 

Internet: www.ucMl.edu/lUnlan 
E-mIII: ,..,~.edu 

The Madness of War Union Fr •• Stuff 
Acclaimed director Terrence Malick crafts a 
gritty yet emotional tale (~f war in the heart of 
nature during the battle of Guadalcanal 

Clinton turns the 
spotlight to the nation 's 
success, not his failures 

Spirit Night promises 
good basketball and lots 
of other great goodies 

Hiatus, page 9 Opinion, page 4 Sports, page 16 

T H E u c 5 D 

UC SAN DIEGO THURSDAY, JANUARY 21 , 1999 

CAPTURING THE MOMENT 

Dave Lubltz/ Guardian 
PIIeto Expo: A reception was held Tuesday for "The Californios," a photographic 
exhibit of a people in rural Baja. The work is by Extension professor Leland Foerster. 

UCSD's Participation in 
Fusion Project Cut Short 
RESEARCH: U,S, House of Representatives Subcommittee pul1ed 
plug on International Thennonuclear Experimental Reactor plans 
By ErIc ar.ce 
Senior Staff ~ter 

The United States has pulled the plug on 
involvement in an international research pro-
ject for fusion power: 

For the last six years, 1992-1998, scientists 
from the United States, the European Union 
(EU), the Russian Federation and Japan have 
been working together at centers on the UCSD 
main campus and on Torrey Pines Road, as 
well as in Garching, Germany and Naka, 
Japan, in the design phase of the experimental 
fusion reactor ITER, the International 
Thermonuclear Experimental Reactor. 

ITER began as an attempt to create a fusion 
reactor that would take the next step in making 
fusion-generated electrical plants a viable 
power source. The plan was divided into three 
phases: the design phase (currently being com-
pleted), the I.:onstruction phase and the testing 
phase. The project relies on each member coun-
try's panicular expertise to complete ITER. 

U.S. rI'ER Home Team Leader Charles 
Baker said that ITER, theoretically, would be 
incomparably the greatest step in fusion power 
- the power thai the sun and stars generate. 

The U.S. House of Representatives 
Appropriation Subcommittee of Energy and 
Water said that the subcommittee has fulfilled 
its responsibility to the prosram by funding the 
design phase of ITER. So, in the 1999 fiscal 
budget the subcommittee did not allot ITER 
the funds it requesced for the United Stales to 

participate in the conslruction phase of the 
reaclor, which is expecled 10 take around ten 
years to complete. 

Ed Krenik, legislative director for 
Representative Rodney Frelinghuyesen of 
New Jersey who is a subcommillee member, 
said that Congress was hesitant to fund a pro-
ject that has no clear plan for construction. 

''The Department of Energy [who advocal-
ed for ITER at the subcommillee hearings] 
was weak on explaining the extenl or the 
future of ITER," Krenik said. "Japan's govern-
ment stated that it would not build major pro-
jects for the next three years. Europe waS 
unsure. The commillee did not feel contident 
with providing $50 million for a project that 
may never get around to being built." 

Baker said he agreed that ITER members 
did not know where the reactor would eventu-
ally be built because of political and economic 
issues in both the Russian Federation and 
Japan. However, he said the driving force of his 
commitment to the program revolves around 
the design phase's technological achievement. 

"In the six years of designing, ITER is a 
technical success," Baker said. 

Baker said that the project was a major 
accomplishment because it proved that inter-
national collaboration can be completed across 
political and economic boundaries. 

The project will continue for the EU, the 
Russian Federation and Japan it centers in 

See 1CtENCE, Page 3 

VOLUME 96, ISSUE 6 

Budget Proposal 
Reduces UC's 
Requested Funds 
MONEY: New governor Gray 
Davis announced his new proposal 
that contains both good, bad news 
By Wendy Mock 
Staff Writer 

Gov. Gray Davis' inilial I 99!)-20()() ~tat e bud-
get proposal conlains bOlh good and bad n \!w~ 
for the University of California. The budget pro-
vides for a new higher education compact , hUI 
;tlso reduces requested funding. 

The "compact" outlined is a multi year agree-
ment , providing the University of California with 
funding stability in exchange for the Uni versity 
of California's promise to he accountable for II~ 
spending. The details of this compact have yet to 
be specified. The budget proposal also fund~ a 3 
percent enrollment growth, new initiati ves for 
professional development in the public schools 
and keeps syslemwide resident sludent fees level. 

Under the governor's proposal , the amount of 
money requested by and subsequently allocated to 
the University of California would be reduced hy 
$50 million. The University of California request-
ed additional funds this year to cover cost increas-
es for current programs, salary increases and other 
core needs. In addition to nOI allocating the 
requested $50 million, Davis' hudget also discon-
tinues more than $70 million in one time funding 
provided in 1998-99 for deferred maintenance, 
instructional technology, equipment and libr.lrie~. 

UC Vice President for Budget Larry Hershman 
said that the full amount requested is needed to 
support the expected 3 percent in enrollment 
growth, keep sludent fees level and fund growth in 
the university 's basic program needs. 

Under the governor 's budget proposal, 
mandatory systemwide studenl fees for 
California residents are expected to remain the 
same. As a result, 1999-2000 would mark the 
tifth consecutive year in which fees have not 
been raised. However, the budget calls for a 10-
percent increase in non-state resident tuition. 

Included in the budget proposal is a $2.5 mil-
lion initiative for the University California, (;om-
ing in the form of support for alcohol and sub-
stance abuse research. 

An additional $13 million initiative has been 
proposed to help improve public schools, focus-
ing on the development of programs designed to 
train public schoolteachers. One such program is 
a IS-month course for prospective teachers, lead-
ing to a teaching credential and master 's degree 
from the University of California. 

Richard Atkinson, UC President, said that this 
money would enable public universities to 
ensure the success of California's future. 

''The governor's education initiatives provide 
[the University of California] and CSU with the 
opportunity to [be] collaborative on an issue of 
critical importance to the state's future," 
Atkinson said. 

A portion of the $2.57 billion budget for the 
University of California will be added to the $9.9 
million granted in 1998 for the development of 

See BUDGET, Page 3 



2 NEWS 

UCSD EVENTS 
Thursday 
Price Center Movie Series: Modulations 

This siunning collage of visuals. inlervi~ws and live performanl:e 
cxplore~ Ihe energy and innovations of ravc l:ulture. This movie will be 
, howing al 7 p.m. and 10 p.m. in the Price Center Theater. Admission for 
Sludcnh is $2. 

Friday 
Sports: Men's Basketball 

The Trilons will play UC Santa Cruz al 7 p.m. in the RIMAC Arena. 
Admission for students is free . For more information. call 534-4211 . 

Music: Violin Recital 
Violinist Janos Ncgyesy will perform works on the solo violin at 8 p.m. 

in Ihc Mandeville Ccnler Recital Hall. Admission is $6 for students. For 
more informalion, call 534-3229. 

Dance: LGBTA Non-Sexist Dance 
This danl:c, featuring a safe, supponive environment for students of all 

sexual orienlalions. will start al 9 p.m. al Ihe Pub Stage. For more infor-
malion. l:all 534-4297. 

Saturday 
Dance: Lily Cai Chinese Dance Co 

Lily Cai 's work. a ril:h synthesis of andenl Chinese tel:hmques and mod-
em danl:c forms. will he performed al H p.m. in the Mandeville Auditorium. 
Admission for sludents is $13. For more information. l:all 534-401JO. 

Music: UCSD Graduate Student Concert 
Composcr/violinist Erik Ullman and darinetist Anthony Burr will pre-

senl an evening of recenl works and improvisations at H p.m. in 
Mandeville Cenler's Erickson Hall. For more information. call 534-3229. 

Sunday 
Music: Vocal Recital 

Baritone Orren Tanabe will sing operaiic and wntemporary music and 
tradilional Lieder al H p.m. in Mandeville Center's Rel:ital Hall . 
Admission for sludents IS $3 . For more information. call 534-3229. 

Roma Nights: Greensboro Lane 
WalCh Ihis relaxing musical pcrformanl:e at 8 p.m. in Espresso Roma. 

For informal ion. call H22-206M. 

WALT DICKINSON 
f: dilor in Chief 

JUUA KULLA·MADER • MEGAN SMITH 
MUllu,qin.q f:dilo" 

TABITHA GRANSHAW • LAURA KNIGHTEN 
U)1'g f d,l(lrs 

LEENA SHANKAR. ERIKA SNIDER 
Nf!!/I$ Eel, .. or .... 

JESSICA SCHEPPMANN 
f "u/ures Ed,lor 
MARC COMER 
Opinion /-;d,lor 
JEff BARKER 
A.~",o"le Opmioll Ed'IUr 

JAKE GORDON. JOHN MAYNARD 
SpurlS Edilors 

TRAVIS HIU 
AS."Kiul. Sporls Edilor 

LINDSAY IWDRIKI 
Hiulus Edilor 

DAVID LEE 
t\ssIKiule Hiulus Editor 

DAVE LUBITZ 
Photo Edilor 

USA HUFF 
Associu/e Photo Edi tor 

JOHN BARBER 
Grul,hics f; dilor 

NICK RUNCO 
/)esign ";dilor 

SENIOR STAff ~S 
John Sarber. Genevieve COlt. Vincent Gragnant . Mary Higgins. Laura Kneghlen. 

Dave Lubitz. Aonam Manthlfam. Jennv NlChCHson. Mark Smith. ScOll Y,lger 
STAff WIIITtAS 

alu Burger, Kan Friedman. Nilou Moslo'" Ctlrlst lf'le Pangan. JacOb Schechler. Eve $enuty 
IUUSTRATOAS 

Mike Bellc . Krlsttne Chang. AUStin HSla. Alice l in. Josephine Rober ts . Nicholas Runco 
DESIGNERS Chns Moran. Karen T,an, Thomas Weng 

WE.MASTIR BU(1n W,kner 
COMPUTER SUPPORT DaVId Glicksman 

MIKE MARTINEZ 
t1dl 'erIL'In.Q Ilrl three/or 

ANN BARmELD 
/lUSI I1C!')S Munu.qer 

YVETTE ALCALA 

BROCK HALTER 
Ad, 'erlisi>W Mtlmr.qer 

A').'I/') (Ull t lJu.smes.~ Mtlnuf/CT 
ADVERTISING ASSISTANT MelO<ly Gonzales 

CIACULAnON ASSISTANTS 
Jason Allen . PhiUlP Goldman. Ethan levy. Jacob Meyberg. Brady Phelps . Nate Smith 

ADVER"SINQ DlSIGli a LAYOUT John Barbe,. Ca,sey BUItenhu),s 
rhB UCSD Guard/an IS publiShed Mondays and Thursdays dUring the academIC year by and for 
the students of UCSO. Reproduction 01 thiS newspaper In any form. whe ther In whOle or In 
part. WithOut permiSSion IS strictly prohibited. C 1999. all rights reser\led. The UCSD Guardlatl 
IS not responSible for the return of unsohclled manuscrtpts or art . The ViewS expressed herein 
do not necessartty rePfesent the opInions of The UCSD Guardian. the University of California or 
the ASSOCIated Students. rhe UCSD Gllard/an IS funded solely by advertiSing. 
The best thmgs In life are free but vou can leave them to the birds and the bees. I want money' 

News/Features: 5345226. Gene,al Ed,torlal: 5346581 
Op.r.lon/Sports: 534·6582. Hiatus: 534 6583 
Advertising O'lice: 534 3466. Fax: 534·7691 

e·mall: guard.an@ucsd.edu 
Guardwn Onhne: hrrp://www.uCSd.edu/guardlan/ 

UCSD Guardian, 9500 GIlman Drive 0316, 
La Jolla. CA 92093-0316 

Actual location: Second FiOOf. UCSD Student Center BUilding ·A·. Rm 217 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday. January 21. 1999 

LIFE IN HELL 

• 

BRIEFLY ••• 

Faculty Members Receive Awards , , I 
Four UCSD faculty members will be cited for excel-

lence in their fields on Feb. 16, during a meeting 'of 
the Chancellor's Associates in the Faculty Club. 

The honorees are Literature Professor Fanny Howe 
for" Excellence in Arts," History Professor Ping Chang 
Hu for "Excellence in Teaching: Biology Professor 
Nicholas Spitzer for "Outstanding Community Service" 
and Anesthesiology and Pharmacology Professor Tony 
Yaksh for "Excellence in Research." 

In Spring 1998, Howe was invited to read from her 
works at the Library of Congress, one of the highest 
honors accorded to an American poet. The University 
of California Press will inaugurate its poetry series by 
publishing her Selected Poems this year. 

Hu was recognized for establishing UCSD's instruc-
tional programs in both classical and modern Chinese 
that have been the essential foundation of undergrad-
uate and graduate study in a variety of departments. 

Biology Department Chair William McGinnis said 
that Spitzer provided the leadership to make the K-12 
Outreach Task Force a success. Spitzer is also chair 
of Community Outreach. 

Anesthesiology Department Chair John Drummond 
said that Yaksh is one of the pioneers of and continu-
ing leaders in pain research and the understanding of 
the spinal reflex pathways. 

UCSD Will Ho.t Lecture on 
Alternative Medicine 

Alternative medicine has received increased public 
attention in the last couple years - so much so that 
certain HMOs considered offering benefits for those 
seeking alternative medical treatment. 

On Jan. 28, the UCSD School of Medicine is host-
ing a free public seminar, • Alternative Therapies in 
Medicine," from 4 p.m. to 6 p.m. in the Garren 
Auditorium on the School of Medicine Campus. 

Alvan Feinstein will be a guest speaker at the event 
and new research conducted at UCSD will also be pre-
sented. Feinstein teaches at the Yale University 
School of Medicine and will present his talk titled, 
"Alternative Medicines: Evaluating its Ratipnales and 
Accomplishments .• 

For more information or to reserve a seat. call 534-
6223. 

UCSD Receive. RMOI'd Number 
of Applications for Fall 'II 

UCSD posted a recorded 37,452 undergraduate 
applications for the fall 1999 quarter. A total of 
32,233 freshman applicants and 5,219 transfer appli-
cants applied for admission. The number of applicants 
is up 13.5 percent from 1998's record count. 

Moreover, the academic quality of this year's appli-
cants has also risen. The average grade point average 
of applicants is 3.72 - up from 3.70 in 199&- and 
the average SAT score has riseri five points to 1209. 

The percentage of applications from men and 
women remained the same, with women comprising 
55 percent of the applicant pool and men consisting 
of 45 percent of the applicant pool. 

Applications from African American studtfttS 
increased by 91 to 899, a rise of 11.2 percent. 1M 
number of Mexican American applicants increased br 
382 to 2,480, a rise of 18.2 percent. The number ~ 
Native American applicants increased by 11 to 190, a 
rise of 6.1 percent. The number of Latino applicants 
increased by 212 to 946, a rise of 28.8 percent. The 
number of Asian American applicants Increased by 
1,567 to 9,225, a rise of 20.4 percent. The amount of 
Caucasian applicants Increased by 3,075 to 12,985, a 
rise of 31 percent. The number of students who did not 
indicate a racial/ethnic background dropped 25 per· 
cent from 1998, from 5,444 to 4,068. 

Thunday. January 21. 1999 

BUDGET: 
Some money will 
fund UC Merced 
Co ... LB ......... ' 
University of California Merced. 

Despite the S50 million reduc-
tion in requested funds. the pm-
posed 1999-2000 budgel allocates 
S46 million more to UC than what 

wa.~ allocated under the 19IJK-99 
budget - a 1.8 percent increase. 

However. even with the 
im:rease in funding. the University 
of California administrators say the 
hudget may not be sullic.:ient to 
wver the l:ost of increased cnroll-
mc:nt and program expansions. 

SCIENCE: 
Other countries will 
proceed with work 
CHlI tB ......... ' 
Garl:hing. Germany and Naka, 
Japan. 

TI1ese centers will integr.lte the 
research provided by the U.S. l:en-
ter into the program. The design 
phase, however, has been extended 
three years. Krenik said that the 
extension was innuential in the 
subcommittee's refusal to fund 
U.S. involvement in ITER. 

Baker said that after the design 
is L'Ompleted. he and other U.S. sci-
entists hope to rejoin the program. 

If built. ITER would be the 
largest tokamak fusion reactor in 
the world. 

The tokamak reactor design is 
the I1lOlil commonly found fusion 
reactor design since its invention in 
Soviet Russia during the mid-I960s. 

Using Princeton University's 
Thermonuclear fusion Test 
Reactor (TFTR) technology. ITER 
plans to advance TFfR's 10 
megawatt output to 1500 
mc:gawatts. the energy pTodul:ed by 
a typical power plant. 

At least two tokamak designs 
are in the United States - one at 
San Diego's General Atomics and 
one at MIT. 

However, Krenik said that ether 
institutions are designing less 
expensive and less bulky fusion 
reactors. sUl:h as Princeton 
University's current spherical 
design, rather than the classic 
doughnut-shaped design. 

"We are strengthening programs 

UCSD GUARDIAN 
MONDAYSa 
THURSDAYS 

''The SSO million reduction from 
the Regents' workload bucJcet and 
lhe 10SIi of one-time funding for 
core needs would hun the universi-
Iy a great deal," Hershman said. 

Brad Hayward, the senior public 
information representative for the 
University of California Oflil:e. 
~id that there is still a lot of work 
10 be oone hefore a final budget is 
approved. 

"We believe in the goverrHlr '~ 
commitment to the education in 
California." Hayward said. "We 
knuw that il is carlyon in Ihe 
process and that there are on-going 
negotiations. There will be changes 
10 the budget proposal as the state 
gcts a better understandi ng of the 

domestil:ally," Krenik said. "We 
are looking tor alternatives to the 
lokamak design [of which ITER is 
a model). And we are still main-
taining our support for a strong 
fusion program." 

Baker said the tokamak is not a 
solution to every fusion problem. 
but it has heen the most sUl:l:essful. 

"The alternative designs should 
be investigated because of how 
expensive and large the lokamak 
design is." Baker said. "But noth-
ing l:omes close to the success of 
the tokamak. Nothing at this time is 
liS close to generating enough 
power for a plant as tokamak 
designs, such as ITER. Many of us 
in San Diego and internationally 
are frustrated that Washington 
[D.C.) does not recognize the 
power and international collabora-
tion. They see cost instead." 

Fusion power is a possible alter-
native to fossil fuels. A book put 
out by J.P. Holdren and R.K. 
Pal:hauri titled Ene'1(Y, An Agenda 
IIf ScienC'e It}r Envimnment and 
Dt:velopment illto the 21st Century. 
states that i I' the population increas-
es at its present rate, there will be a 
world population of 10 billion con-
suming 3 kilowatts of power per 
person each year. By 2010. the 
world population will demand 
more energy than fossil fuels and 
other energy resources can supply. 

According to the Dep.artment of 
Energy, fusion power is an environ-
mentally safe alternative to fission. 
infamous for radioactive danger. 
and fossil fuels. 

In addition, the resources for 
fusion are nearly infinite bel:luse 
this form of energy uses two differ-

The UCSD Guardian 

fiscal situation." 
"We will work with the gover-

nor Itl see if wc can real:h an agree-
ment on a more satisfal:tory fund-
ing level in the wntcxt of a new 
l:ompact:' Hershman added. 

Funding for the UniversilY of 
California ha.~ steadily gune up 
over recenl years. In 199H-99 Ihere 
was an uvcrall 15 percenl inl:rease 
in funding from I 997-9!l. 

This year 's hudgcl proposal i~ 
shaped in the conlexi of slower 
ewnomic growth in California 
and projeclions of a $1 !lillion 
stale budget detkit under l:urrcnl 
slale spending policies. A final 
11J91J-2()(X) hudgct is expel:ted by 
July I. 

ent hydrogen isotopes: deuterium, 
which is found in fresh and ~ea 
water. and tritium. which dO<!s nol 
ocl.:ur naturally but can be madc 
within the fusion system by Ihe 
commonly found elemenl lithium. 

Plasma. sometimes l:alled Ihc 
founh state of mailer. is an ionized 
or charged gas. In a fusion real:lor. 
plasma is held in a ring analogous 
to neon in a tube. The plasma is 
contained by superconducling 
magnets and heatcd to over 
100,000,000 degrees Celsius. the 
temper.tture required to fuse deu-
terium and tritium. 

Neutrons cross the magnetic 
barrier and carry SO percent of the 
fusion energy to a specially 
designed wall inside the reactor 
l:alled a blankel, where the heat is 
transferred to electrical genera-
tors. The remaining 20 percent of 
fusion energy is released in helium 
ions, which are contained 'in the 
magnetic field and in turn heat the 
plasma. 

I Baker said the ITER group 
hopes to achieve this model called 
buming plasma. which heats itself. 
Previous experiments have only 
been able to sustain a fusion reac-
tion for a one or two seconds. 

Baker said that if the project is 
successful. one gallon of sea water 
could have the same energy poten-
tial as 300 gallons of gasoline. 

The ITER I.:enter in San Diego. 
located on Torrey Pines. rel:eived 
S12.1 million to wrap up its activi-
ties and close the l:enter. 
International and U.S. sdentists 
have been moving out sinl:e 
November and the l:enter will be 
left vacant at the end of February. 

NEWS 3 

TID 

856 Grand Ave. Pacific Beach 
490-6222 

70~ 
did NOT use 

•• marijuana 
last ye~r 

--~ _._------------- ----- - ---

Brown Eyes 10 Blue, Green, Hazel 

F R E'E PAIR COLORED CONTACTS FmhLook Colors with purchase of 2 boxes of clear FnishLook disposables. 
DAILY WEAR EXTENDED WEAR DISPOSABLE LENSES 

$89** $99** $129** 
COMPLETE 2 PAIRS B&L FW COMPLETE 

"All 'P.Clol. Inelud. I.n .... exom . • y.,or. k' l and follow up VI" I A.llgmo", I.n ••• higher 
Nol volid wilh ony olh.r oll.r all." . Xpll. 3/31/99 

ROBERT HELLER, 0.0 .• STEVEN TAYMAN, 0.0 .• JOHN CASTlElLO, 0.0. 
CO~A VERDE CENTER FASHION V ALLEY CENTER 

8650 GENESEE AVE. Su. 220 NEAl SAU FIFTH AVENUE (619'452-7374 (619,295-0537 



4 OPINION 

EDITORIALS 
Editorial Board 

WIIIt DIcId •••• , Editor in Chief 
.................. Managing Editor 

.............. Managing Editor 
M.c C-, ODinion Editor 
~ ....... , News Editor 
~,. ........... , CODY Editor 

Tfle UCSD CtUiffC1l8n IS puOIIShed twICe II week III tile UnMl(Slty 01 California. San OIeIO Contents 
01999 VIeWS e.l.Ofessed nere.,.. represent the ma,onty vote of the edltooll boWd, and are not 

neceSS1Wl1y those 01 the UC Board of Recents. the ASUCSD, nor the entl,. GuardIan siall 

2,100 Students Needed to 
Change UCSD's Reputation 

Few events have the power to mobilize a commu-
nity. This Friday, we Tritons will be given the chance 
to mobilize and begin the long climb out of our apa-
thetic hole. 

In the last year, the majority of UeSD students, 
faculty and staff sat passively as Newt Gingrich was 
chosen as commencement speaker, our teaching 
assistants went on strike and the Academic Senate 
finally approved the Charter School. 

Through our amazing lack of interest in just about 
everything, we've helped reinforce UCSD's reputa-
tion as one of the most apathetic universities in the 
University of California system. 

However, many UeSD community members 
attribute UeSD's growing reputation for academic 
excellence to our campus' remarkable lack of dislmc-
tions. There are few, if any, loud pep rallies or protests. 
In fact , we rarely participate in any organized activities. 

Let us not forget that America's "elite" universities 
were not founded in apathy. Great universities are 
characterized not only by academic greatness, but 
also by tremendously active and loyal students, fac-
ulty and staff. Harvard and Yale, for all their academ-
ic stufrines~, have one of the most passionate rivalries 
in college athletics . 

Up until now, UeSD community members have 
been content to let our university's reputation - and 
in a sense our own reputations - rest on our acade-
mic prowess alone. The time for change is now, or 
rather, Friday. 

UCSD assistant men 's basketball coach Dave Di lion 
has been camping out on the roof of RIMAC Arena for 
the last 14 days. Dillon says he will contInue sleeping 
out in the cold until UeSD sports fans break RIMAC 
Arena's basketball attendance record. His goal is to 
have more than 2, I 00 people in the stands. 

The current record was set on RIMAC Arena's 
opening night, and topping it seems like an impossi-
ble feat. After all. the average attendance at RIMAC 
Arena averages out to about 600 people. 

But, before we brush off Dillon 's plight, let us 
remember that this man is giving us a chance to 
become a great university, a university characterized 
by both academic excellence and school spirit. 

Dillon would not be sleeping on the roof of our 
multi-million dollar arena if he did not think that 
there was some smidgen of hope that UCSD students, 
faculty and staff will pull through for him. 

For one night we can toss our books aside and do 
the one thing that seems to be no trouble for college 
students. faculty and staff around the country - get-
ting to the game. 

The 16-2 Tritons, who are NCAA Championship 
contenders, will play against the UC Santa Cruz 
Banana Slugs in their last regular-season home game 
this Friday at 7 p.m. in RIMAe Arena. 

Let us make Friday's game forever known as the 
day when UCSD started to creep out of its apathetic 
shell and become the elite university we all know it 
can be. We owe it to Dave Dillon, to our university 
and ultimately. to ourselves. 

Props and Flops 

~ Flops to the Asian gang members who, according to police reports. allegedly deprived our beloved Coach of his only form of irans-portation. his 1998 Honda Civic. This vile act 
will not go unpunished. Your karmameter now 
reads negat i ve. 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, January 21, 1999 

PINION,· 

<:) ) 

CLINTON SHEDS IMPEACHMENT 
SHACKLES, LEAVES LEGACY 

COMMENTARY: 
The president shows 
Americans he is still 
working, diverts attention 

imporlantthan any of their yestcrday~ . 
He assured every American that he is 
doing their work and therefore should 
not be removed from the office. 

With the rancorous debate and end-
less squabbling going on in 

By Theodore Dokko Washington, the president played the 
Staff Writer role of the reconciler. From the very 

Tuesday, Jan . 19 was the greatest outset he went out of his way to ask for 
day for President Bill Clinton's cooperation from RepUblicans and the 
impeachment defense. In the morning newly ele~ted Housc Speaker, Dennis 
hours, the president's very able and Hastert. Throughout the speech he 
highly respected lawyer, Charles C. urged bipartisan support on many 
Ruff, delivered opening statements in issues on which Republicans and 
defense of the president. In the Republicans, for the Democrats could tind common ground. 
evening, the president delivered his most .,.rt, could not The president did voice opinions that 
sixth State of the Union address, con- Republicans starkly oppose, ' yet he 
lidently playing the role of the non- do much on Tu ..... y portrayed himself as the non-aggressor 
aggressor while standing before an nlaht but be in this aggressive world of politics. 
aggressive Capitol Hill. The president reported to the nation 

In the hallowed well of the U.S. courteous and that the "state of our union is strong," 
Senate, Ruff called the Republican respectful whll. citing new jobs that had been created. 
House Managers' case against the rising wages, low inflation. smaller 
president a "witch's brew" of vague watching Pr ..... ent welfare rolls and a balanced budget. 
and constitutionally defective allega- Houdini once .... n He went on to discuss his proposals for 
tions, and he accused the managers of .scape the sIuIcId.. 1999, all of which had been previous-
"prosecutorial fudge-making." Ruff Iy tested in polls. The president talked 
said that the Paula Jones sexual harass- that h ...... placed about the need to save Social Security 
ment case was little more than an upon hI ..... lf. and Medicare by using the benefits of 
attempt to pry into the president's pri- the recently acquired federal surplus. 
vate life. He rebutted the allegations of methodical presentation, Ruff emo- During his 77-minute speech. the pres-
perjury and obstruction of justice. Ruff tionally recalled how his father had ident talked about education reform. 
pointed out instances in which the been part of the Normandy invasion. school ehoice and maintenaIX:e, health 
prosecutors' case did not square with "He fought as all those did for our care. campaign finance reform and a 
the facts. country and our Constitution," Ruff host of other popular proposals. 

The White House legal counsel said. "And as long as each of us - Interestingly, much of what the 
continued by questioning the constitu- manager. president's counsel, senator president talked about is not novel. FQr 
tionality of the second presidential - does his or her constitutional duty, instance, the idea of allowing taxpayers 
impeachment in U.S. history by telling those who fought for their country will to invest their retirements with their 
the chamber that "impeachment is not be proud." own payroll taxes is an idea that former 
a remedy for private. wrongs; it's a There were disagreements over the Speaker Newt Gingrich had been talk-
method of removing someone whose effectiveness of the presentation. ing about since 1994. In another 
continued presence in ol1icc would Though. as convincing or unconvinc- instance, the idea of ending social pro-
cause grave danger to the nation." ing as Ruff's defense of the president motion in public scbools was one of 

In his closing remarks, Ruff was, Clinton served his own defense Governor Gray Davis's campaign 
referred to House Judiciary Chairman admirably. While delivering his State issues. The president did not give 
Henry J. Hyde's comments about our of the Union address - even in the specifics about his' ideas. as is done in 
national history and those who hravely midst of his impeachment trial - the a typical State of the Union address, 
fought to protect democracy. president showed the American people yet he was able to acoomplish his goal 
Dep~rting.. ~·mm _a. .rather . .dry -ilI\4l.lhaL their .1OmOOOW1i ·ace.GUCIa-IIl8re-.-. ,·.·.See A-'.~i· 

Thursday, January 21. 1999 The UCSD Guardian 

SURVIVAL OF THE FrrrEST 
.\lluclrucb 71)(~JI' I' 

my whims above the needs of a 
gopher. I guess people are just self-
ish like that. Since neither the 
gophers nor I will surrender. the 
debate is settled like any dispute 
between animals: someone tries to 
kill someone else. It's simple 
Darwinian dogma: Survival of the 
Fittest. I'm bigger than the 
gophers. so I win. 

My animal-rights acllvlst 
friends argue that we have to pro-
tect the poor. defenseless animals. 

if! Did the omnipotent "Nature" 
screw up somewhere'! 

Basically. the animal-rights 
activists kill their causc with their 
own arguments. Animals are no less 
deserving of respect than humans. 
In fact. humans are animals. We're 
all an'orded the same opportunities. 
so whichever species l.'Omes out on 
top has done so in total fairness. 

That said. I'll apply this phi los-
ophy to my gopher situation. The 
gophers have had ample opportuni-

I have a gopher problem. I can't 
walk across my lawn without twist-
ing my ankle in a hole. My dog 
spends most of her time crouched 
down, waiting for the next furball 
to pop its head up. Last week she 
caught one and left it maimed and 
bleeding on the doormat. I'm 
getting a little fed up. 

This is the point where r.-.oSl 
people resort to calling the exter-
minator, buying SOIRe chemical 
"gopher bombs" or, like my dad. 
braking out the pellet gun for some 
firing practice. Die. gophers. die! 

-OPlNION-
COLUMN 

ty to sct up houses, cummuni-
ties and work on exterminating 
the troublesome humans. To 
date, they've made lillie 
progress. Humans, on the other 
hand, have pretty much domi-

Such a scenario makes the ani-
mal-rights and nature activists run 
into all the lecture halls screaming 
about injustice: "Save the gophers! 
Prescrve their natural habitat!" 

After all. the gophers don't 
know that they are making my lawn 
miscrable. They are genetically 
programmed to tunnel through any 
din that they find. God made them 
that way. They should not be pun-
ished with death for following their 
instincts. right'! 

This depends on the answer to 
one crucial question: Whose needs 
are more imponant - mine. or the . 
gophers"! The gophers. of course. 
place their needs above mine. I, on 
the other hand. tend to place even 

ADDRESS: 
Republicans call for 
specific answers 
Cawu ............... . 
of showing Americans that he is 
working for them. 

Republicans. for the most part. 
could not do much on Tuesday night 
but be couneous and respectful 
while watching President Houdini 
once again escape the shackles thai 
he had placed upon himself. Some 
boycotted the speech and others 
woodered. "Has he no shameT 

Delivering the Republican 
response. Representatives Jennifer 
Dunn and Steve Largent reinforced 
the GOP's standard mantra of cut-

SerV/fIg UCSD For 
Over 3D Years 

-CAMERAS 
-LENSES 

-CAMCORDERS 
-BINOCULARS 
-DARKROOM 

SUPPUES 
All " Discount prices' 

UCSD P D '5 accl' tcd" 

459·7355 
7720 Fay Ave. La Jolla CA 
www.bobdaviscamera.com 

However. many of these same pe0-
ple believe that man is descended 
from apes. If this is true, it pu~ 
mankind on the same playing field 
with the rest of the animals. II' they 
can light for territory, why can't 
we'! If they can hunt other species. 
why can't we'! Why, when other 
animals kill each other. is it 
"Nature." but if I kill a gopher. is it 
murder'! Sounds like a double stan-
dard to me. 

Some people also become vege-
tarius for the sake of ' animals. 
They decorate their cars in bumper 
stickers: "Meat is Murder." 
Apparently. the OIhcr lUlimals can 
eat each other as often as they 
want, but humans aren't allowed to. 
But wait! If we're not supposed to 
eat meat. why are we able to digest 

ting taxes, reforming the IRS, 
reducing government and saving 
Social Security. 

Dunn and Largent could do lillie 
except call upon the president to 
give them specilk proposals for 
such ventures as saving Social 
Security. Dunn and Largent said 
that restori ng the nation's shattered 
conlidence in its lawmakers is what 
Republicans feel this new session 
of Congress needs to accomplish. 

In her closing remarks. Dunn 
said. "as one citizen to another, in 
spite of all the troubling things you 
hear about our nation's capital, I 
believe that good ideas can take root 
here. good things can grow here and 
good things can blossom here." 

Representative Largent later 

nated every comer of the world. I 
think we've earned the right to boss 
around the rest of the animal king-
dom, especially the animals that 
tear up my landscaping. 

You can call me cruel. heartless 
or abusive for my decision to take 
up anns against the rodents in my 
front yard. You can even call the 
authorities. who, interestingly 
enough. won't care. But I will hold 
fast to my position. If these gophers 
are really as smart ancJ as spedal as 
the activists make them out to be, 
then they are not just following nat-
ural instinct. They are trying ' to 
make me mad, and if they think 
that I won't stand up for my rights, 
then they're dead wrong. 

Sl!nd cOIwnl!nlS and U;lIer.r to 
Ihl! Edilllr III guardian@ucsd.edu 

added. "So let there be peace on 
Earth. and let it begin with me. Let 

_ it hegin with Republicans and 
Democrats and blacks and whites, 
moms and especially dads. Let 
there be peace on Earth and let it 
begin with all of us who comprise 
one nation, under God." 

While disagreements between 
political parties sti II reared their 
heads - Democrats standing and 
applauding Clinton's every word 
with Republicans remaining scated, 
stone-like - the shared attitude in 
our nation's capitol looks to he one 
of truce. Clinton's obvious goal, 
evinced in his address. is to wash 
away scandal by leaving a lega(y. 

Send ClJlllmenl.v allli Lelfers 10 
IiiI' Edilllr III guardian(glucsd.edu 

ASUCSD PRESENTS 
Wessac;e .... Waya 

, &. F~ ~.S. m.m.Q. 
I#'tUl-~" tD M«f" . f:D bt,pmutirJ,f:D Iur Ii Iur '!'fU'Ul.UDI',WMf"l 
JANUARY 27, WEDNESDAY, 11 AM - 2PM, L·~qARY WALK 

Fl .... : ·'A.w .... Wake 
an 4"'~lcan QIlJI .... " 

w.tcl!. t/u,fi'-~ t/u,'Pf'UIUI.U'f M«f" A"1,uu, 
FEBRUARY 2, TUESDAY, 7 8c ~M, PRICE CENT!R THEATER, $2 

Co-SIIOHSOItED WITH 

lPee ... ~y ~eaDlnc; 
flYn 1'1U' lWIulli.,ruJ,M'f" A~r PHtry. 10 Fr"" M'f"tidtlr to ~tMf! 

FEBRUARY 3, WEDNESDAY, 9PM, REVELLE COFFEE SHOP IW"' """ ... <71 
Co-SPON-':D WITH MVELLE ~I"DENCE LIn: o.l'lCE 

4n EveninG WI ..... 
l Walta 4nc;eae .. 

Jt..,,;Jt""1 flCib.f1M7 MJ,tMt.Mt Iw '+ 
FEBRUARY 4, THURSDAY, 7:30PM, RtMAC ARENA. SOLD OUT! 

~..:!!E... ~ F'OR IN .. OItMATION CALL 818-534-S2!58 

PT. LOMA Iii lfSS 1 MlcIwoy D,I •• . .., IAl6fl 2 9121 

OPINION 5 

~j ~:::::.~ .. !&!: ;: ",. ...... ~~. es:.:::::.:.:.:..... ......... . '! -.;:; .... &.1 , --.......... 
....... i 

............ ~"." ; 
.............................. . 

............................. 



6 

, , 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday. January 21. 1999 

You're approaching graduation and on the hunt for concrete information about potential employers. In that 
search, you'II encounter mountains of information. Daunting amounts-from critical to trivial-that must 
be considered. 
Enter Arthur Andersen. ' We thinJ< you'II find our no-holds-barred, straight-answer approach a refreshing 
change, whether you're interested in Business Consulting, Assurance and Business Advisory Services, Global 
Corporate Finance, or Tax and Business Adyisory Services. 
You're in search of the truth. Arthur Andersen is where you'll find it. 

ARTHUR 
ANDERSEN 
Helping In Ways You Never Imagined. 

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 1ST 
6:00 - 8 :00pm 

BUSINESS CONSULnNG 
INTERN INFORMAnON SESSION 

CAREER CENTER 
MULTI · PURPOS E ROOM 

Please submit resume and BACKGROU ND IN FORMATION SHEET to the Career Center no later than January 31st. 

C 1999 Arthur Andersen. All rights reserved. Equal OpportunityEmployer. 

he musical art of improvisation "is a 
performant:c situation where your lis-
tening i~ linked to the audience's listen-
ing." said composer/violinist Erik 
Ulman."What we want to do is engage 
the audienl.:C ... in one of the most pure 
and direct forms of music-making ." 

This enthusiasm for trying to con-
nect with the audiem:e. along with a very informal altitude. 
is what Ulman and Australian-hom darinetist/composer 
Anthony Burr are hringing to their improvisation com:ert 
this Saturday at I! p.m. in the Mandeville Rel:ital Hall. 
Sint:e sharing music between performer and listener in an 
informal selting is the main idea behind this concert. 
admission is free and all are wckome. 

One t:an hardly imagine a more informal pn,sentation 
than what these two graduate students are planning. They 
are looking at their performance as less of a concert and 
more as a chance to share some music with a group of 
friends. which for them is anyone and everyone who comes 
to hear them, whether they are colleagues or strangers. 
None of the three pieces to he performed has a title and all 
will be played with the audience 's experience in mind . 
This sense of experience is something that Ulman and Burr 
hoth emphasize and is often lal:king in composed and 
improvised music alike. 

This event is so informal. in fact. that only one of the 
piet:es is actually going to be played indoors. After hearing 
the first improvisation. which is a mixture of electronic 
tape and real-time manipulation of compact discs and other 
electronic media. the audience will follow Ulman and Burr 
downstairs into one of the many twisting hallways of the 
Mandeville Center. The second and third pieces. both 
instrumental, are going to be played in an outdoor space in 
order to exploit the excellent resonance of the concrete 
structure. These natural reverb effects will serve to ampli-
fy and enrich the individual nuances of the bass darinet 
and the violin. The outdoor setting is intended to help the • 
audience forget that they are at a concert and "just concen-
trate on enjoying the music." 

See IMPIIOV, Page 11 

•• 
Erik Ulman and Anthony Burr share their 
talent and love 0.( music with UCSD 

Story by Bill Steinberg) 
Staff Writer 

• 

John B8Iber/Guwdlan 

.-



8 HIATUS The UCSD Guardian 

Exotic & 'Brilliantly Theatrical Dance 

L,I~ Cal 
Chinese Dance Co. 

January 23 . ~aturday 
c5pm . Mandeville Auditorium 
~tudent~ 'tl3 . Faculty(~taff(~r. ~15 . GA. ~I& 

The, 'Robat & ~onia l-4amburga Family 
Endowment Chamba Mu!:ic ~ie,!: 

Emerson 
String Quartet. 

January 2q . Friday 
c5pm . Mandeville Auditorium 
~tudent~ 'tIOadv. or ~5door . G.A. t22 

World Music from Quebec 

LA BOlTlr1E 
SOURIANTE 
February 20 . ~aturday 

c5pm . Price Center 'Ballroom 
~tudent~ 'tl2 . Faculty(~taff(~r. ~15 . GA. tl7 

Traditional African Music 

Atrica1'l 
Treubadours 

February 26 . Friday 
c5pm . Mandeville Auditorium 
~tudent~ 'tl2 . Faculty(~taff(~r. tl5 . GA. ~17 

The, I-4de,n Edi!:on Lecture, ~rie,!; pre,!:en~ 
Author of "The, Engli!;h }\\icoael 

Ondaatje 
March 17 . Wednesday 
7pm . Price Cntr. 'Ballroom.' Free. 

Ne,w Film!: from Around the, World 

$Ilrt Bi¢gC§> -frtt'l 
film r.~·gtiYal (99 

All films Son Diego premieres! Over 18 feature films 
plus a night of animation & a night of short subject films. 

February thru June 
~erie~ Pa~~e~: GA. 't65 . S;tudent~ <t35 

UCID lex Office (819J534-TIXS 
VIllI .. , ....... @ _:II .... IIC ....... . 
PIIESINTED ev UCSD UNIVEIISITY EVENTS OFFICE 

~""0CK8UI".-...c 
""""'HQuM: ' 'OM!. , CAl. "OM. 

.. ' ..... , ... 

NOTES FROM THE 
UNDERGROUND 
--Starring' Bare Jr. 
By Nick Sliva 
Staff Writer 

So, to make a short story long, one after· 
noon I was in my editor's oflice begging for 
a CD to review. He grew tired of my whin· 
ing and threw an album called BO/l·Tay my 
way by a lillie Tennessee band called Bare 
Jr. At the tim!! I had no idea that it was the 
album Lhat would forever change the way I 
looked at new music. 

I am not sure whether it's a result or reac· 
tion to today's horribly stagnant musical envi· 
ronment that makes me, for the most pan, 
indifferent Lo every band. In fact , I've become 
desensitized to, apathetic toward and 
absolutely unmoved by nearly every band 
whose CD I am asked to review, whose single 
I hear on the radio, or whose video I see on 
MTV - with the exception of those bands 
that are disgustingly bad, and the rare gem 
that is so good that it comes along and 
absolutely robs me of my faculties. 

Maybe it is just as well that absolutely no 
one knows what I'm talking about when I 
mention the band Bare Jr. in conversation. 
OriginaliLy is pretty much looked down on by 
the large music promoters around today. In 
fact, I am thoroughly convinced that when 
truly original bands do make it in one of Lhese 
venues, it's no more than just a grand mistake 
or a sick joke. 

Bare Jr. was formed by Bobby Bare Jr., the 
son of country·westem musician Bobby Bare. 
Hailing from Nashville. Tennessee, Bobby 
Bare Jr. was nominated along with his dad for 
a Grammy Award in 1974 at Lh~ age of seven. 
only to be beaten out by the Pointer Sisters. 

Aside from Bobby Bare Jr.'s lifelong 
exposure to music, and his early brush with 
fame, there. is nothing terribly glamorous or 
extraordinary about Bare Jr.'s early days. 
The band began its collective life together in 
much the same way ' nearly all other- bands 
do - us a group of friends selling out to 
conquer the world with music. 

The idea was originally conceived by 
bassist Dean Tomasek and drummer Keith 
Brogdon in 1996. Both Tomasek and Brog· 

Thursday. January 21.1999 

don were in a band for which Bobby Bare Jr. 
did stage work. Michael "Grimey" Grimes 
was, at one time, Bobby Bare Jr.'s room· 
mate, and now plays guitar on· stage in his 
pajamas. The band's repertoire was provid-
ed by Bobby Bare Jr .. who had wrillen innu· 
merable songs about the bad luck, had rela· 
tionships and bad times he'd seen in his days 
of playing bad music with bad bands in bad 
venues for bad people. 

The lineup was filled out when, after one 
of the band's first gigs, Tracy Hackney. who 
had worked in a bike shop with Bobby Bare 
Jr., followed the fledgling musical group 
and told Bobby Bare Jr. how the new band 
made him want to turn back to his guitar. 
Bobby Bare Jr. suggested instead that Hack· 
ney play the dulcimer at the band's next 
practice. If nothing else. Bare Jr.'s contribu· 
tion to the music world will be proof that it 
is possible to run a dulcimer through a dis· 
tortion pedal. In fact, a good 50 percent of 
what sounds like a guitar solo is actually 
Hackney on dulcimer. 

Prior to its lirst full·length album. Boo· 
Tal', the band recorded a 15·song live EP, 
which was only available in and · around 
Nashville and at Bare Jr. shows, and is now 
no longer in print. 

Bare Jr.'s sound, itself, is uniquely 
Nashville. Bare Jr. is so country·western 
that their liner notes reek of livestock. With 
a dulcimer in the lineup. and influences 
ranging from Korn to country to 1960s gut· 
ter punk bands, Bare Jr.'s sound isn't any· 
thing that really lits into one particular 
genre. It most closely resembles something 
along the lines of Tom Petty's Heartbreakers 
brutally beaten down with a fat country· 
western stick and hung from the punk rock 
tree to be picked aL by the alterna·rock vul· 
tures. 

Beyond the music, the band's most strik. 
ing feature is Bobby Bare Jr.'s lyrics. The 
lyrics are direct and honest, not to mention 
dripping with sarcasm. It's almost as if 
Bobby has had his tongue surgically 
allached Lo the interior of his cheek. Behind 
the sarcastic facade, however, the lyrics of 
the band examine the complexity of human 
emotion. While the lyrics are, for the most 
pan, focused on Bobby Bare Jr.'s failed rela· 
tionships or bad luck in love, they also deal 
with subject matter spanning from teenage 
suicide to elderly neglect. 

Since the release of Buo·Tay. Bare Jr. 
have been touring around the East and 
Southeast regions of the United States. 
While Bare Jr. isn't known for its wide 1'01· 
lowing, Boo·ray has been received well by 
critics, and the album's first single, "You 
Blew Me orr' was released in select area.~ on 
Jan. 8. The band also garnered a spot in the 
background of new movie release "Varsity 
Blues," though they did not have a spot on 
the soundtrack. 

With Boo·ray causing reviewers every· 
where to sigh in relief, Bare Jr. have found 
themselves perched on the verge of breaking 
into mainstream success. 

Thursday, January 21, 1999 The UCSD Guardian HIATUS 9 

• Courtesy of Mene Wallace/ 20th Century Fox 
Keele (left to right) Ben Chaplin. John Cusack and Jim Caviezel play Bell, Gaff and 
Witt of Charlie company who are sent to destroy a well·guarded enemy bunker. 

THE THIN RED LINE 
Ten-ence Malick delivers an unforgettable epiC about 
the horrors committed on the island of Guadalcanal 
By Dave Yen 
Staff Writer 

War is a terrible thing. It is a civilization 's 
last reson to establish peace when all that 
exists is madness. Yet, war itself is madness. 
How do you fight insanity with insanity'! Ter· 
rence Malick explores this and many other 
themes in 'The Thin Red Line." an excellent, 
thought-provoking film about an army 
squadron's attempts to secure a Japanese 
stronghold during World War II. 

From its crisp. suspense· tiled battle scenes 
to its reflective. almost surreal ponrolyal of 
brave, yet vulnerable !iOldiers. ''The Thin Red 
Line" delivers an epic of immense proponion. 
a film that transcends the genre of typical war 
movies and does something few movies do 
nowadays: It allows the audience to form its 
own conclusions. 

The tilm is boosted by a stellar cast of vet· 
eran actors as well as talented newcomers. 
Sean Penn heads the list as a skeptical 
sergeant who linds no sense in panicipating in 
war. He is the stabilizing force, the lone voice 
of reason in an otherwise disrupting group, 

Nick Nolte is a handful as the army gener-
al who views war in terms of costs and bene· 
lits. Thinking in terms of his own promising 
future. Nolte's character harbors little thought 
about sending courageous men to their deaths. 

As a' counter·balance, Elias Koteas plays a 
lawyer-turned squad captain who is burdened 
by his tremendous responsibilities and by the 
dilemma of whether a single man should be a 
sacrifice for a single advantage. 

Woody Harrelson. George Clooney. John 
Cusack and John Trolvolta also appear in 
ridiculously small roles designed to pitch the 
movie's viability. 

gOllen factor. War not only tears at the fabric 
of humanity, but also at the environment. the 
wildlife and preservation. all Qf which are 
completely and tOLally undeserving of being 
trapped in man's bailie to inflict death and 
destruction. 

"The Thin Red Line" is a captivating film 
because it is char.u:ter driven with sensational 
imagery. The soldiers are human. They make 
mistakes and misinterpret orders. They coop· 
crate to achieve a goal and attain a sense of 
security each of them lost a long time ago. 

In addition, the photography is incredihle. 
Imagine never·ending green fields, blowing in 
the wind, tempting man to explore nature's 
wonders and serenity. Yet advancement is 
fraught with peril. for while the future appears 
calm and peaceful, danger lurks around each 
hush. Somewhere out there is an enemy just 
as scared as you, but also just as willing to end 
your life as you are to end his. 

This film is not the only. one 10 tackle the 
horrors of World War II. Steven Spielberg'S 
"Saving Private Ryan," released in July. oflers 
a more gruesome and Commercialized view of 
the institution of war itself. 

"Ryan" is a good bet to capture numerous 
Oscars come March, thanks to movie·god 
Tom Hanks and a stroAg box office. but 'The 
Thin Red Line" is a superior lilm on many 
fronts. It is more insightful because it oIlers 
reasons for why war is devastating. 

In "Saving Private Ryan," the message is 
that war is .bad, and the evidence for this sup· 
position is illustrated by the brutal manner in 
which soldiers are killed. Spielberg is out to 
shock the world, by presenting a no· holds· 
barred look at the realities of war. 

•••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

LA JOlLA VILLAGE 5QUARE 
NoI>eI Dr"", a~ H'9hw"Y 5 

270-FINS 

fW:IFIC &EACH 
Gamet I\ve. & Lamon~ 5t 

274-FINS 

-

-

-• 
• 
• 
• 

-• 
• 
• 

-

-

-

-

-

-99¢ Fish Taco 

~----------------------------, ~ : 
ente.tto.tn.ment : 

*~e l 
"The Only Constant ;s Change" ________ .... ., 

BUY ·SELL -TRADE 
CD·S·LP·S·CASSETTES 

VIDEOS-CD ROM-VINTAGE STEREO 
6130 f I Cl)"" Blvd· S.UI DIego CA 921 15 

(619) 287·9500 
Fax: (619) 287-9583 

Email: EntX@aol.com 

----------------------------~ :1 011 ANY: 
: /0 .SHOE: 
: PURCHASE: 
: Not valid with any other discount or promolion. Exp. 2121/99 . U~I3A~ : 

• I 
• I • Renaissance Towne Centre I 
• 8915 Towne Centre Dr. (Off La Jolla Village Dr.) 450·3662 ATliLETf I 
• NIKE • UICS • BROOKS • NEW BALANCE • and much more: 

._---------------------------r-----------------------------
PERSONALS in the Guardian are FREE! 

How do you toke advantage? Fill out your Personal (20 words or less, pl-:clSe) ~n~ turn 
it into the Guardian office, in the Student Center above the Grove. We Will put It In the 
next available issue! (Mon. issue Deadline: Thurs. 3pm; Thurs. Deadline: Mon. 3 pm. 

--------

• 

Still, despite the all·star ensemble. the 
breakthrough performance of the lilm is given 
by newcomer Jim Caviezel, who shines as 
Witt, the idealistic soldier thlough whose eyes 
the lilm is seen. 

Malick not only captures this realism, but 
he examines it through the eyes of war's par· 
ticipants. His characters change throughout 
the lilm through their own self·exploration. 
Spielberg's characters change due to the 
course of events. Plus, Malick is subtle 
while Spielberg is showy. There is a differ· 
ence. 

------------------~_:_~_, Would you like to 
surfboards, bodyboards 

Witt is able to survive not just due to 
experience, but because he sees war from 
many different perspectives. There is the 
enemy, whose fear fuels the vengeance of an 
aggressor. There is the average solider, 
whose fear lies in the anticipation of death 
and the uncenainly of what his actions truly 
accomplish. Finally. there is nature. the for-

"The Thin Red Line" is one of the bc~t 
films of the year. It is a movie that will leave 
you in deep thought long after the credits are 
over. It is a movie that is willing to sacrilice 
commercial acclaim (and Oscars) to remain 
true to its subject. 

wetsuits, swimsuits 
clothing, skateboards 

snorkle gear, and more 

advertise in our 

'HURSDAY 
COUPONS? 

Call The 

Guardian at 

534-3467 
TODAY! 



10 HIATUS The UCSD Guardian Thursday, January 21, 1999 

ETHNIC EXPRESSIONS OF CULTURE AND MOVEMENT 
The Sixth Annual Nations of San Diego International Dance Festival is now at the Lyceum Theatre 
By Melody Gonzales 
Guardian Reporter 

San Di.:go i~ known to he a 
divcrsc arca. and thc dances of San 
Diego are :L, diverse as its peoplc. 
Th.: Sixlh Annual Nations of San 
Di.:go IllIemalional Dam:e Fc~tival 
;11 Ihe Lyceum Theatre highlight, 
~e~cral dance groups repn:~enting 
many diffcrenl culture,. 

The collahorativc project of the 
San Diego Area Dance Alliance and 
San Di.:go Repertory Theatr.: i, 
dc,igned to rais.: an awarenes~ and 
apprecialion ahout the dam:e com-
munlly and the cu ltuml dlv..:r,ily in 
the San Diego r..:gion. 

The tail!nl and love of Ihe cu hur-
al art f(>rIm arc ,har.::d wilh San 
Diego auuicm:.::s in Ihc elght-pcrli)r-
mance produclion. The 1.::'II~al fea-
tures a cast of 23 group~. wilh .::ach 
pcrfilrlllanCe pre,enling sewn differ-
cnl col1lpanie., ,() Ihal nOlwo ,hows 
an: Ihe sam.:. Each nighl will fi:ature 
greal perfonller, and any evening 
wilh one of Ihe following group, is 
highly recommended: 
Llam Halrney Irish DIIIICe 
Company 

Watch oUI Riveruaf1(;e. tim 
evolving young group i~ nut to kick 
bUil' The bi-coaslal company with 
residences in Boston and Ihe Acade-
my of Perfonning Ans in San Diego 
is choreographed by Liam Hamey 
and Kevin Pallerson. Hamey is a 
tWO-lime winner of the World 
Championship Irish Step Dancers. 
lonner star of Riverdance. and can 
be seen in a Folger's Coffee com-

mercial which he also choreo-
graphed. Hamey and Pallerson, 
owner and instructor at the Academy 
of Perfonnirig Ans combined their 

lalent~ with this group, which was 
fe;ltured in perfonllances at the Ford 
Amphitheater, Ihe Shrine Auditori-
um and the Rcdlands Bowl. 

11Ie drama and style 
of Jazz danoe I. 
Intertwined with 
traditional Irish st., 
dancing to create an 
exciting and The drama and style of JUII 

dance is inlenwined wilh Iraditional entertaining blend 
Iri,h SICp dancing to create an excit-
IIlg and enlcltaining blend of con-
temporary Irish dancing. The 
group 's production is well ,taged. 
with smooth transilion, hetween Ihe 
<Ii fferent section, of the piece. The 
acapc lla hard ,hoc dance seclion i, 
IIlcredlhly impressive, a, Ihe enlire 
en,emhle Cnlcrs the ,Iage in prcci,e 
lonnalions keeping Iheir lim:, and 
,(mnds tighl as their legs and fi:et fly 
heneath Ihe dancers ' coni rolled 
upright bodies. 
reye Sa 1IIIounne ~ 
Drum ... o.nce CompMy 

JUSI watching this group leaves 
you out of breath. Teye Sa 
Thiosanne (Know Your Culture) is a 
percussion/dance company that 
knows its culture well. Staning its 
performance with a call and 
response Iype of song on~stagc. th.:: 
high energy group makes its 
enlrance wilh driving beats and rich 
music. The perfomnance originates 
from the music, dance and tnKiition 
of Ihe ancient empire of Mali and 
Wesl Afrka. The audience is taken 
on an African's journey of pain, joy 
and celebmtion Ihrough song and 
dancc. The IO-pcrson ensemble 

of contemporary 
Irish dancing. 
shlf'ts roles, and I!very member i~ 
both a dancer. singer and pcrcus,ion-
i~1 al some point. Hips Ihrusl fa,I , 
rihs shift. arms fly and fel!l move 
~wift ly and ~killfully. The entire 
~Iagc i, a collage of action and 
movem.:nl ; lhere is always some-
thing going on wilhin I!ach pcr-
former. A sense of camaraderie is 
kit helwccn the members of the 
group throughout the performance. 
crealing a warm almosphcre. One 
can't help hut he drawn inlo the rich 
music which leaves you clapping 
and dancing in your seal. 
PASACAT Philippine 
Performlnc Arts eo.np..y 

Accompanied hy a 12-piecc 
band, the Philippine-American 
SocielY and Cultural Ans Troupe 
(PASACAT) shares ils many cultur-
al dances. Among PASACAT's 
accomplishments are the special 
performances in Los Angeles lor 
lonner Philippine President Field 
Ramos and the 199!l Super Bowl 
pre-game show at Qualcomm Sta-
dium. 

i •• , .... 

Highlights of the groups' pre-
sentation are dances requiring an 
extreme amount of skill, focus and 
practice. Lit candles or glasses of 

• water are halanced on the females' 
heads and in each hand. Of course 
there is also the fun dance in which 
dancers slep, skip and turn inside 
IWO bamboo poles, which arc con-
stantly being lifted and doscd. A 
single slip could result in gelling 
their ankles hil wilh Ihe poles. 
B.tIet Foldorico F1Ht. de 
Colons .. SDSU -

Dances from the coastal region 
of Sinaloa arc performed hy the 
jubilanl and energetic dancers of 
San Diego State University. The 
full skins, hright colors and "gri-
lOS" (shouts) combine with grace-
ful dancing which Ihe dancers pre-
sent with enthusiasm. The shakes, 
shimmies and tlinatious allitudes 
make the group fun to watch. Clap 
along 'to the high-spirited music of 
Sinaloa Costa in this Ballet Folk-
lorico. 

Expcricnce the ethnic dances 
from India, Columbia, Sinaloa, 
Mexico, Spain. Cuha. Ireland. the 
Philippine blands. Iran, Africa and 
more. At the Sixth Annual Nations 
of San Diego Dance Festival you 
can sample the many flavors of San 
Diego's diversity through this 
incredible expression of cullure 
through dance. Ticket prices range 
from $14 to $19 and can be pur-
chased at the San Diego Reperto-
ry's hox otlice or by calling 544-
1000. 

I • .., II 
• I 

Thursday, January 21, 1999 The UCSD Guardian 

IlAIbumReview •• 

,_Foot ..... 
Insider 

----
-
**** 

The widespread view places 
punk rock bands in one of two cat-
egories: wholly loud, offensive and ~ 
obnoxious. or wholly upbeat. 
peppy and equally obnoxious. F(Jr 
whatever reason. there docs not 
seem to be any room for deviation 
between these two cxtreme~ in 
mainstream music cirdes. 

Maybe it's a good thing Ihat 
most people are so sadly unedu-
cated regarding punk subculture, 
even after its mainstream 
exploitation. Punk prohably 
couldn't handle another rush of 
14-year-old girls that accompa-
nied Ihe last widespread show of 
interest in the genre. Also, if 
everybody k!,cw what was going 
on, punk would not be a "subcul-
ture" anymore. 

Worse than anything else, 
though, a sudden mainstream inter-
est in punk-rock enlightenment 
would deny bands like Ten Foot 
Pole the opportunity to thumb their 
collective noses at the stereotypcs 

by actually recording something 
wonhwhile. 

Ten Foot Pole's fourth album, 
Insidu, is 12 tracks of infectious 
punk which are more than enough 
to silence any naysayer. While 
Insider is chock-full of hyperac-
tive punk rock energy, it remain~ 
melodic and musical - more so, 
in fact. than any of the band 's pre-
vious three albums. lis aggression 
is offset by sickeningly mellow 
harmonics. and infectious guitar 
interludes. 

While Insider is surprisingly 
more musical than its predeces-
sors, it is lyrically more hone~L It 
explores life's harsh consequences 
(,'The Getaway"), tells the story of 
a young man coping with his girl-
friend\ compulsive "CUlling" dis-
order ("Late at Night"), and exam-
ines the importance of living for 
today ("I Won't Complain 
Today"). 

- Nick Sliva 

KhIC I.A-V. 
I Rock IIC"_ 
-

** 
King B.A.Y.. a local aRisl, hOI, 

graced the rap community with his 
first etlan. I Rock. This "alhum." 
and the lemn is used loosely because 
it only has three tracks, is a motley 
compilation of super-commercial 
songs beginning with the ego-trip-
pin' title track "I Rock." The beats 
arc catchy and the lirst two trolch 

Study Abroadl 
Think About Itf 

EAP APplication 
Deadline§ 

aredanceable, but in the third he 
fumbles with She smanny love-jam 
''Together in my Dreams:' a pale 
imitation of LL's "I Need Love." 

King B.A.V.'s sound is late 
'!lOs, early '1JOs at hest, with club 
beats, melodic hooks and lillie or 
no lyrical content. His over-enun-
ciated rhyming style is akin to a 
prepped-out Vanilla Icc and dis-
plays a poor grasp of delivery, 
cadcnc.e and verbal agility. The 
first two tracks are dub material 
but, in rap's ever-growing trend of 
verhal acrobats and lyrical arson-
ists, King B.A.V. must retrain in 
order to compete. 

Excellent 
Good 
Fair 
Weak 
Poor 

- J Farrand 

***** 
**** 
*** 
** 
* 

If you are 
interested in 

reviewing albums, 
call Hiatus at 

534-6583 

China, Hong Kong, Singapore. Taiwan. Vietnam 
Deadline: Jan .. ry i!i!, 1999 

Barbados. Canada. Denmark, Egypt, France, 
Germany, Ghana, Hungary, India. IndoneSia, 

Israel, Italy, Korea. Mexico. Netherlands, 
Russia. Sweden. Spain, Thailand, Turkey 

De .... lne: ..... 1IIII'g i!9, 1999 

Australia, Brazil, Chile, Costa Rica, Hong Kong, 
Italy, Mexico. New Zealand, South Africa 

Deadline: May 7, 1999 

For more Information can 534-11 i!3 
or abroadOucsd.edu 

WD PI ....... Abroad lIfIIce on UbnIry Walk 
Visit our web Site: http//orpheus.ucsd.edu/lcenter/pao 

IMPROV: 
Musicians perform 
for enjoyment 
ContInued frOM ..... 7 

The second and third impro-
visations are not the kinu of 
barely organized chaos that 
comes to mind when some peo-
ple think of instrumental impro-
visation. Rather than totally free 
improvisation. where there arc 
"infinile possibililies in all 
directions," Burr ~ays his and 
Ulman 's style is more con-
slrained, exploring within a few 
musical parameters . Thei r 
cmphasis is on small changes 
and finding and moving away 
from temporary meeting points 
within long, drone-like ~ounds. 

Because they are restricting 
Ihemselves within fairly tight lim-

it~ instead of simply running 
amok, Burr and Ulman must listen 
to each other much more carefully 
during their perfonnances in order 
to he successful. In exploring 
small changes in different tones, 
beat pallems and so on within a 
longer pallem, their style is one of 
very careful listening and small 
nuances. A style hke this is also 
much more easily perceived by 
the audience, who is lish:ning to a 
delicate and interactive conver~a­
tion in (almost) pure sound. 

The second piece is per-
formed by Burr and Ulman 
alone. The Ihird, while in the 
same slyle, features several 
other performers, including: 
Michacf Ressen (trombone), 
Dana Reason (efcctric organ), 
Elisa Siavet (oboe) and percu~ ­
sionisl David Shively on Ihe 

HIA11JS II 

musical saw. Such an interac-
tion between instruments rang-
ing from the traditional to the 
strange - the odd sound of thc 
musical saw is strangely like an 
obscenely flexible human voice 
- is sure to produce enjoyable 
results for those who come and 
listen with an open mind. 

/I is exactly for the enjoy-
ment of thcmsel ves and their 
listeners that Ulman and Burr 
are giving this performance. 
They are not meeting any cur-
ricular requirements Ihrough 
Ihis concert, and since admis-
sion is free to all, they are not 
Irying 10 make money from it. It 
is hard to imagine a hell er 
motive for a performance Ihan 
making music for ils own ~ake 
and sharing il with whoever 
wants to experience it. 

"You can come up wilh vol-
umes and volume~ of words trying 
to explain it, hut what il all come, 
down to is: we like long sounds 
and really lislening to each other 
- Ihe satisfaction from playing a~ 
long and as hard as endurance 
allows," Ulman said. 

"Yeah," Burr agrees wilh hi~ 
partner. "You can spend all day 
making up intellectual -sounding 
horseshit." Burr said. grinning. 
in his Brisbane accent. "Bul 
that 's all there is to il." 

Burr's cOlllment induces a 
hursl of laughter, bUI it make~ a 
slrong point: this curly-haired 
composer from East Coullly 
(Escondido) and the wide-grinned 
clarinetist with longish hair from 
the "bal:k streets" of northern 
Australia love what they're doing 
and want to share it with everyone 
Ihey can. It 's as simple as thaI. 



12 CLASSIFIEDS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
FLY CHEAP!! 
* ROUND TRIP COURIER FARES" 
London $349 Sing $300 Hong Kong $389 
China $360 Sydney $580 lI8ngIIok $370 
"40.800/0 OFF ALL FARES-
AIR CO UKI EK INTI!KNATIONAL 

1.800·298·1230 24 hr 

PARTY IN BAJA! Rosarito 
Beachfront 1-7 bedroom homes. 
Surf, sun , sand, swim- singles, 
couples, groups $29-$395/nighl. 
011-52-615-5017~.j l /11-21 ) 

Thurgood Marshall 
College 

Scholarship Fund 
0," .111', 0 f r, (" \ J·I 4 190 

SWEATSHIRTS 
TEE'S & SEE'S 

Start your own fraternity! Zeta Beta 
Tau is looking for men to start a new 
chapter. If you are interested in 
academic success, a chance to 
network and an opportunity to make 
Iriends in a non-pledging 
brotherhood . e-mail : 
zbt@zbtnational.org or call Mike 

Si'!l~n atJ317)334-1898. (1/1.i·28) 
Thurgood Marshall Dean's office is 
selling See's candy for $1 . Come 
see our new t-shirt designs! 
Kimberlee ~5.288. (1 /19-3il!.) 
Fraternities, Sororities, Clubs, 
Student Groups. Earn $1 ,000-
$2,000 this semester with the easy 
CIS three hour fundraising event. 
No sales required. Fundraising dates 
are filling quickly, so call today! 
Contact Dan Wolman at CIS 
(800)922-5579. (1/19-2/4) 

The UCSD Guardian 

CLASSIFIEDS· 
The UCSD Guardian reserves the right to classily. edit. delete offensive words and 
phrases. and/or refuse any and all advertisements w"hout prlornotilicalion. The Advertiser 
will not hold the Guard,an liable lor any claims resunlng Irom the pubhcatlon 01 the 
advertisement . The publisher will also not be held accountable lor any claim from an 
agreement made between the advertoser and the consumftr. 
Copy should be reviewed by the advertiser lor errors. In order to be corrected in the next 
regular Issue. all errors must be reported by the corresponding deadline. CredIt will only 
be given forthe incorrect portion of the advertisement There are no refundS for cancellations. 
P ....... nd all correapondenca reverdlnll Cla .. lfleda to: 
UCSD Guardian, Alln: Cla .. lflada. t500 Gilman Drive 1031 •• La Jolla, CA 12013. 
Actual location: Sludant Canter A, Room 217. 

Correction (ad from Tues. 1/19!) 
The Thomas Jefferson School of 
Law is hosting a Reception, 
Tuesday, January 26, 2:30-6:30 
pm in the Price Center, . San 
Francisco/Santa Cruz Room. To 
RSVP or for info, contact Linda 
Peasley at 297-9700, Ixl1473, or 
lindap@tsjl.edu. (1/2...!:2~ 

EMPLOYMENT 
learn Bartending 

Looking for experienced, high-
energy babysitter for two year old in 
Del Mar. Car owner preferred. Need 
15 hrs/week and pays $6-8/hr. Call 
Kelly 619-~0-0829. ~/11-28) 
Camp Wayne for Girls-sister half of 
brother/sister private camp in 
Northeastern Pennsylvania (3 hrs 
from New York City) 6/22-8/20/99. 

If you love children and want a caring, 
fun environment we are looking to 
hire staff for : Tennis, Golf, 
Gymnastics, Swimming (W.S.1. 
preferred) , Sailing, Waterskiing , 
Piano, Basketball , Softball , 
Volleyball , Soccer, Self-Defense, 
Low Ropes , Drama Director, 
Drawing and Painting, Ceramics, 

Classified Line 
Ad Rates 

Student.: $:I per 20 WOIde 
Feculty. St.rt: $4 per 20 WOIde 

.1 oilier.: IS per 20 WOIde 
Advance paymenl is required. 

Classified Display 
Ad Rates 

$9.00 per column Inch 
DNdIInn: 

-.. .. DIll DiIpIIy .. Una Ada 

Photography, Jewelry, Linoleum 
Cuts, Batik, Calligraphy, Sculpture, 
Guitar, Silk·Screening, Cheerleading, 
Aerobics, Video, Group Leaders, 
Drivers, Housekeeping, Night 
Watchperson, Kitchen/Salad . On 
Campus Interviews February 22nd. 
Call 1-800·279·3019 or e·mail: 

ca~p'l!~ynegOaol.c!>m (1/14~J~ 
Sales Rep wanted for wetsuils, 
surfboards, scuba. 25% commission 
of gross sales. No investment, only 
your time. Ethan 222-4290. (1/19-
25) 
Restaurant: Hostess/Host. Part· Time 
weekends. $6 to SS/hr. plus tips. Will 
also train for food service. Apply 
9:00a.m. to 2:00p.m. Monday-Friday. 
The Eggery, Etc. 4130 Mission Blvd. 
Pacific Beach. See Phil. (619)274-
3122 .. :JY19-28) 
Summer Camp Coun.elors 
Wanted. Camp La Jolla. The 
Nation's'l Fitness and Weight Loss 
Camp needs FUN, Resident Camp 
Counselors. Room, Board, and Pay. 
Look for us at the Job Fair or email us 

Thursday. January 21. 1999 

at www.campljOaol.com Fax 
(619)435·8188 Phone (619)435· 
7992. (1119·21) 
Nanny Wanted: Child care for 
fourteen month old baby in my 
Carmel VaHey home beginning early 
to mid-February. Part-time, Tuesday 
and Thursday 8 a.m. to 1 p.m. Non· 
smoking, English-speaking, light 
housekeeping and references 
required. Please call 688-5209. (1/ 
19-21 

STUDENT ASST. III 
- $9.55/HR-

• MUIT BE AVAILABLE TO WORK 
MON. THROUGH F'RI. 

• EARLY MORNINGS (6'1 OAM DR 
7'IIAM) 

• UCSD MEDICAL CENTU 
IHILLCREST) 

• A.SIIT WrTH CLINICAL TRIALS. 
-EXPIRIENCE REQUIRED IN 
BLOOD WITHOltAWL, ECGS, 
VITAL SIGNS ON HUMAN 
SUB.lECTS, COMPUTER SKILLS 

Call 822-1300 
UelD Students Dnl, 

PART-TIME FREEDOM: You 
determine your own hours, yourown 
pace and your own compensation. 
Great way to work around your 
current schedule, earn extra money 
and try new financial seNiees career. 
For more information, cal Jacyln 
(619)479·5861 .. JY1J~ 
Part· Time childcare wanted. Will pay 
hourly rate or exchange for room 
and board. Call Ed or Rhonda at 

SYDNEY $808 ~\~1\1~ SPRInG ~R~Qk/ 
AUCKLAND $754 /! CANCUN 7 NTS. 
TKT BY 31 JAN ALL..fNCLUSlVE $549 QUAD 
IN-HOUSE 
AUSSIE SPECIAusn SAN EEUPE 4 DAYS 
CONTIKI TOURS- 8CH CABANAS $129 QUAD 
GREAT BARRIER REEF DIVE- HONOLULU 4 DAYS 
3 DAYS FROM $279 ~25 ~Ott DAYS $464 
SYDNEY SCENE 3NTS $169 ..... ...-.... 

"'''' ___ , __ E-. "- 81HSH830 
UCSD Price Center 

9500 Gilm,Hl Drive Lil Jolla 

\><. 

Costa V~de Shopping CmteI' a 8650 Genesee Ave., ~. 200 
(619) 457-9500 
.~~--~-.-,-. -. -. -. -. -, -, -. -,,-,~,~--------------~~. ~. ~_,~,~.,~.~.~. _~ .. ~ .• ~. ~~~.t 

Thursday. January 21, 1999 

(619)481·3727. (1/19-28) 

PIT Customer ·Service 
Representative. 25-30 flexible hours! 
wk. Entry·level, no experience 
required. Some Saturdays. $7/hr. 
Contact Phillip at (619)576-7444. 

(1/~·21) ___ . _. __ _ 
$1500 weekly potential mailing our 
circulars. No Experience Required. 
Free information packet . Call 

(2021452~5940 . (1/19-3129) _ 
PIT SALES CLERK wanted for a 
friendly, fast·pace UTC area florist. 
Must be available some weekends. 
Call Sa.!'dra 622-9999. 1/19-21) .. 
Jobl on CampuII The Price Center 
& Student Center have immediate 
job openings with flexible hours. 
That's right! Morning, afternoon, 
evening & graveyard shifts. Even 
weekends. Check out all the jobs 

The UCSD Guardian 

Ave. Close to all. Available ASAP BRAND NEW. Unused 3 COM 
(619)294-8828. (1/14.21) Ethernet Card (RJ.45) $550bo. 
Pacific Beach. Female to share 3 SEGA GENESIS: Good condition, 

two controllers, 8 games. $55 obo. bedroom condo. own bathroom, 
parking. $430/month. 1/3 utilities 
S400 deposit. No pets. 581·9237. 
(1/19-28) 

FOR RENT 
Share large master bedroom w/ bath. 
Walking distance to school. Near 
buses, shopping. $320+ 1/3 utilities. 
Villa La Jolla apartments. Ask lor 
Marc 587·8875. (!!11·2141 _ 

Nd t/rnt hs/XL-Ipt? 2-BR, 
2Ba, AC, Indry, Xlnt Ioc.? 

Nd hlp w/"'ev? 

GUARDIAN C"""" 
........ yA ... 

Room available in 5 bedroom house. 
Del Mar. Hottub. Washer/Dryer. Nice 
house near beach. $4501month. 509-
7973. (1119-1/25) 
Female needed to rent room in PB. 
Near Beachlflexible rent. Call at 581-
6087. (1I~-21 
Room for rent. $437 in 2 bdr/l bath 
apartment in University City. Garage, 
near bus. Call Malavi 657·9227. (1/ 
~ 
FOR SALE 

Buy both lor $80. 257-5502 pgr. (1/ 
19-21) 
Women's ski jacket! Brand new 
condition! Dark aqua with shiny aqua 
panels. Size Medium (Kinda small). 
$40. Please call Kim 638-8135 (pm). 
{!!21 

VV ANT E D 
Research subjects reimbursed lor 
interview. If you are a UCSD student, 
21-25, call 552·8585 x4185 lor more 
information. (1/11-6/,:..:31...) __ 
Volunteers paid $30.00 for interview. 
If you are entirely of Japanese or 
Korean descent, age21-25, call 552-
85852. 2182. (117-613) 

I I 
Make a (j)Werence 

Help a couple 
create a fa.ily 
of their dreams. 
If you are 19-30 

and even apply on line at STARTTHENEWOUARTERWITH 
www_theunIver8Ityceucad.edu A COMPUTER/PRINTER! 

years old and 
would love to 

help, 
Please call: 

under "Employment". Or apply at 
EDNA in the Price Center or Student 
Center Services. (1{19-2/1) 
ADMINISTRA nVE ASSISTANT for 
research and evaluation company. 
Field researchers are in need of 
direction and organization from 
someone in our office Mon-Fri 8-12. 
Strong skills needed in Microsoft 
Office. telephone. organization. seH 
motivation and solution oriented. 
Send resume to HCA, Attention: 
Lydia, 731 S. Hwy 101, Suite 11, 
Solana Beach, CA. 92075 or Fax 
35O·8916.1!/2_1-_25..L.) __ 
Part·time telemarketer needed. 
Flexible hours! Weekly pay! Call 
(619) 350-0632. (1121) 

ROOMMATES 
Roommate to share 2 BDR 2 BA 
luxurious condo in UTC. Indoor W/ 
D. Secure underground parking. 
$4751mo. 1/2 utilities. Call Jim. 546-
!128. (1/11.2_11 _______ ._ 
Hillcrest$4S01mo, share2bdr/l bath 
apartment. yard, garage •. female 
prelerred. l ' block south of University 

• DIIcounI~ PecIra 
• rm.I Books, Mepa 
• All your E ... II 8upplIMI 
• Loeb, cable I.oc:b, 

Sleep Sheet, PIck Towel 
TevI Sport II .... 
fbllnGMr.ncI 
.. AcceaorIM 

Wt'rlln P8 juIt up III 
IlrlllIIOm Counc:II1iMI 

111655 GIrnII 
483-1421 

OPEN 7 DlYl A WEEK 
M-F 

Macintosh Powerbook 520c laptop 
$800. Macintosh IIsi w/ external 
CD-ROM, speakers, and modem for 
internet connection- $600. Many 
programs installed in both computers 
including: Word Perfect, PowerPoint, 
Print Shop Deluxe, and more. 
Hewlett Packard 560c color printer 
$200. Hewlett Packard Deskwriter 
printer $150. Call Adolfo 6-10 p.m. 

~t 421·1373. (1/1~~ 
Canon Innova laptop. 360CD with 
32 mb RAM. 133 MHz. Includes 
28.8 modem. Windows 98, Plus! 98, 
1997 Microsoft Offic8 Suite. $1000 
or best offer. Contact Mart: 587-
8875. (1/11·28) 
1989 Accura IntegraACISTEREO, xlnt 
condition, All maintenance records on 
file . 2-door hatchback, $4,500 
(negotiable). baheerOqualcomm.com 
or 651·2504. (1114-19) 

Creati~e Conceplion, il1c 
1·888-4II·EGGS 

There wille 
,.ptlsatiH for YOl, 

1 __ effort. 
$3000 + $ 1 SO for travel 

CClncEggs@AOL.lom 
www.CreativeConceplion.ne1 

Healthy volunteers ages 25 to 50 
years old are needed for a study 
examing the effect of sound on the 
eyeblink reflex at the UCSD Medical 
Center in Hillcrest. No medications. 
Intact hearing required. Free shuttle 
transportation is available. Eam up 
to $50 .00. Call 543-2494 for 

infor~!.tion~ 114-gt8) 

SYRACUSE 
STUDY ABROAD 

Zimbabwe • England • Ita'y 
Hong Kong • Spain • France 
- Wide-ranging courses 
- Internships & service-learning 
- Business programs in 3 countries 
- Organized study-travel 
- Grants, scholarships, 'oans 
- Placement in foreign universities 

Syr.c.st tJ.lnnlty 119 hdl. An •• t Syr.c.st, NY UZ44 
800-Zl5·1t7Z s •• lIr ••• "syr.t •• IIttp://s •• wtb.syr.td,Ldlp .. 

Asian 
Egg Donor 
Ntfededl 

Loving infertile couple is hoping 
to find a kind woman to help us 
have a baby. We're hoping 
to find someone intelligent with a 
Chinese, Japanese, or Korean 
background. Artistic and athletic 
talent appreciated. 
(800) 88"6-9373 ext 7225 

fOl'DONl 
Compensation $6,500 

plus expenses 
Thank you for your consideration 

SERVICES 

PERSONAL INJURY 
FORMER LA & SO 

DEPUTY DISTRKT ATTORNEY 

JOHN L. PHlWPS 

-Auto 
Accidents 

• Dog Bite 
I Head 
Injuries 

I Free Consultation l ~O ~cpvery"i0 Fee J 
619.794.1700 
1125 Camino Del Mar, Ste. 0, 

DelMar 

Horseback riding lessons for 
students/staff. $10/hr. Western or 
English. Imperial Beach area. Show 

CLASSIFIEDS I J 

horses, no nags! Call (619)523-
0474. (1/14-25)_ 
Having problems with Prudential 
paying your medical bills? We'd like 
to help. Please e-mail us at 
PruProbs@aol.com. (1/19-28) 

PERSONALS 
CORRECTION 

in last Tuesday's ad for 
Tbomaa Jefferson School of Law, 
we inadvertently listed the wrong 

phone extension to contact. 
The correct contact is 

Ms. Linda Peasley at 297-9700 
ex. 1473, or lindap@tjsl.edu. 

Reception Tuesday. Jan. 26 
2 30 G 30pll1 In the PrIce Center. 
S"n Fr,lIlcl~cU S,lnt" Cruz Room 

Gee Joe, thanks for the offer to toss 
out the first pitch on Opening Day. 
Unfortunately, we've already booked 
Ally McBeal. How about a weeknight 
when Tampa Bay gets in? (1/21) 
I hear they might demote Pluto from 
the list of major planets because it's 
just a big ice ball. You can't cut 'em 
loose once you've already let 'em in 
the big dance! Why don't we drop 
instead the unsavory sounding 
Uranus? (1{g1 
The State of the Union address 
covered a lot of ground. I hope Gore 
was taking good notes. (1/21) 
COMING SOON to this location: 
The Guardian Valentine Issue, 
Thursday Fe~1th! (1/21-2/8) 

Volunt~;:~~~hn~:S~d;' F RE E 
All testing and study 

medications are 
Qualified participants will be paid up to 

$500 
for participation 

Call 1-888-Study-88 Ask for Research 
w.,..... W. Plelkow, M.D. 

DIPlOMATE, AMERiCAN BoARD Of AUERGY /IMMUNOlOGY 

UTIFUL SMILES MADE HERE 

$55::: 
Cosmetic lind Orthodontic 
Using Video Imllging 

-------------Exam, Cleaning, & 
~ X-Rays 

I 
I 
I 
I 

I 
I -
I 

I 

I 
I 

\ 



14 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian Thursday, January 21, 1999 

Bay Area' is Bliss 
SPLASH: UCSD beats UCSC and SFSU up north tritontalk 
By Sarah Holine imum of 17 ~wimmers to nationals, 
Staff Writer and it looks like that number will 

Hard work and no play paid olT not be a challenge this year. 
for Ihe UCSD swi mming and div- Mark Latronica also was a 
ing squad Juring ils Irip north lasl NCAA'S' qualifier in the 100 back-
weekend. In IWO easy stroke, with a time of 52:93. 
Illeel,. Ihe Triton, crushed "Most guys are look-
UC Sanla CI1.II. ing to qualify at 
and San ISWIMMING •••• conference," 
Franci,w State. Latronica said. 
AJditionally. In Ih~ 400 Against San FranciM;o, 
individual llleJh:y, Triton Ihe Tritons lOok lirst place in 
,wiml1ler Kelly Byrne swam away every event. It was a greal overall 
with the leam's lirsl nalional quali - performance, and the final Sl:Orc 
fying time this year. for the UCSD women was III to 

"Overall , Ithe teaml exceeded 76, while the men registered a 116 
my expectations," Head Coach to 73 win. 
Scott McGihon said. ''They were "After hell week, we practiced 
able to get up and swim no mailer on a lot of speed work," Latronica 
what the cin.: umstances were." said. "I think that reflected a lot on 

UCSD swam righl by Ihe Slugs, our performance. As a whole, the 
with the women taking first place team stepped up our performance." 
in all bUI two events, and the men The UCSD divers also did 
laking firsl in all but four. Byrne, 
alkr swimming Ihe 400 individual 
medley in an incredihk time of 
4:]3:76, is on her way to nationals. 

Following close behind her 
were four other Tritons, 'all of 
whom swam NCAA 'B ' qualifying 
times: Amanda Gurnee in the 200 
freestyle, Rebecca Arnold in the 
100 breaststroke, Linda Monroe in 
the 100 bn:aststroke and 400 indi-
vidual medley and Sarah Brainard 
in the 100 butterfly. 

The Tritons have can qualify for 
nationals throughoul the Pacilic 
Coast Swim Conference 
Championship, and say they arc 

. hopefulthat the past weekend was 
only the beginning of many quali-
fying times. 

"We should have no problem 
qualifying a full team this year," 
senior swimmer Jenny Irwin said. 

The UCSD team can take a max-

exceptionally well in their meet 
against Santa Cruz. Men's and 
women's diving won both the I-
meter and the 3-meter board com-
petitions. In the 3-meter competi-
tion, Mall MacDonald qualilied for 
nationals. Heather Willey and 
Melissa Azeredo also both quali-
lied on the I-meter board. 

Both the men's and women's 
teams are preparing for this week-
end's Division ill Challenge. If their 
recent victories are any indication, 
the Tritons will cootinue to dominate. 

The competition will begin with 
an unsl.:ored section; allowing four 
swimmers from each team to com-
pete. Events begin at 6 p.m .• 1'01-
lowed by a scored section, in 
which only one swimmer from 
eal.:h team is allowed to compete. 

Sport: Basketball 
Podon: Center 
Col .... : Thurgood 
Marshall 
Y.ar: Senior 
Major: Political Science 
WIuIt· ..... best ....... 1Ibout 
this ...... so ,.,., 

The best thing is delinitdy 
Ihat we're wining. We have a 
chance to go to the NCAA 
Tournament. That's something 
we didn't have last season. 

You •• In JOIIF fInt , .. 011 
.... t-. WII, ...... 't JOU 
.v . ....,.....,.? 

When I carne to UCSD, I 
retired from baskethall. I sat 
around here for three years and I 
started to miss it after awhile. I 
missed practice, I missed play-
ing, I missed the fans. Well, I still 
miss'the fans. 

You ..... two tIIr •• p ...... 
Intlle,... ....... ...... 
lat ........ l. WIll, .... ·t 
'OU Moot tbr... .. . 
often? 

I have always been a good 
shooter, hut I'm also a prelly 
good rehounder. Sornehody's got 
to take care of the dirty work 
underneath. 

Our team has plenty of three-
point shooters, anyway. They 
don't need my additional - but 
considerable three-point 
shooting ability. 

You ........ 17 points .... 
12 ..... ~ 11 _ .. lItH 
............... Dldw .... 
JourbHt? 

That was the best I've played 
at UCSD. It was a really good 
performance because I don't 
think people knew I could actual-
ly play. People would say, 'Aww 
he got four or live hoards and 
that's all he could do.' 

WIuIt do JOU tIIInk .-.out 
tile RU .. BUDDY ... cIIIb? 

The fan club is great. Those 
are my guys. They always said if 
I ever played on the team, they 
would corne out to every game 
and support me. They said they 
were going to have a fan club,'but 
I didn't believe them. But they've 
been there every home game, 
gelling worse and worse every 
time. I think it's a dimension this 
school has been missing in ath-
letics. 

How do ,OU tIIInk tills ... 
... wIII...., 

I think we have the ability and 
the talent to win the national 
championship, but first we have 
to get to the NCAA Tournament. 
Ooce we get there. who knows 
what can happen, 

n.t ......... ~ 
... 'tlt? 

No, you can quote me on that. 
Hell yeah, we're going to win it 
all. And that's the holtom line. 

Courtesy of UCSD Athletics 

Ar. UCID ,... ...... to 
"10. Doe" tills ,....., -' 
SpIrIt NICM? 

I really hope so. Actually, I 
really think we arc. I've noticed 
that people really do know about 
it. [We'vel got to get the people 
OUt there - 2,100 people l'or a 
team that's 16-2'! That's not too 
much to a~k. 

...... tile wont ...... 

............ TrItDII ... 

.... ? 
Prohably dealing with Ken 

Grosse when he puts how many 
turnovers you had up on the 
board, Yep, the worst thing about 
being a Triton athlete is definite-
ly putting up with Ken Grosse's 
jokes. 

- Inteniew br .... e Qordon 
"I hope to estahlish some season-

al bests and some more NCAA stan-
dards at this meet." McGihon said. . ~----------------------------------____________ -J 

~ .. 

" 

here 
Technical Full-Time and Internship Interviews on Feb. 18 & 19 
Registered students may submit resumes to the Career Services Center until January 31. 
To register, check out the Career Services Center website at www-csc.ucsd.edu/csc/beta.htm. 
Take a look at www.microsoft.com/college/jobs.htm for all job descriptions, position locations, 
qualifications to interview, interviewing tips and much more. 

Thursday. January 21, 1999 

1'be UCSD NPY 
'- came out on 
.top in aD intellle 
_w billie wi&b 
CalTecb lut 
Sllurday. recordin,a 
",32-27win. . 

Five millUlel into 
the pme. CalToch 
lOOk a 7.() lead ewer 
UCSD. UCSO's poor 
IICIdiRs IIId def_ 
Ied CamIch to • 14-3 
load. The UCSO team. 
IbM scorod • try, IIId 
DImm '"Wolfman" Garb 
added · . coawnion to cut 
earrech's lead to 14-10. 

"80000" Duenas contributed to the 
team's cotnebacIt oIfon with • brilliant 
riPt side usaull of the Carfoch defease. 
Counuey Geigle closed oul the auac:k with 
the ensuing try - giving UCSO • 15-14 
edge. 

PeDalties piqued UCSD in the begin-
Iling of the nexl half, resulting in 
CalTech's reclaiming of the lead, 17·IS, 
Geigle then scored his second try of the 
day when he became free up the right side. 
Penaltica, along with more deficient tack· 
ling, once l8ain cost UCSO the lead. 
CalTccb sCoRd • penalty kick and wn· 
vertcd • try off UCSD mishaps. 

Later. Garb added. conversion and the 
ICOI'eboanI was tied, 27-27, LOck forward 
"PreIIy Thny" Amerio shot across the aoel 
line for tho pme-winning try, giving 
UCSO a 32-27 advantage with just under 
ten minUICI remaining in the pme, The 

SPIRIT: Raffle adds 
just another reason to 
come to Spirit Night 
c.tIlt •• d .......... 11 
program. 

Much of UCSD and its surrounding com-
munities have caught Dillon-fever. Members 
of the women's basketball team have support-
ed his eff'orts with mounds of baked goods; 
the athletic departmc:nt has posted tlyers 
encouraging the student hody and faculty to 
"Save Dave"; and the media have run profiles 
and television broadcasts ~ighlighting 
Dillon's cause, Furthermore, even corporate 
America has caughl on. UCSD athletic spon-
sors - US Airways, Islands and Doubletree 
Hotel Del Mar - will all kick in goodies if 
the current attendance record of 2,125 is bro~ 
ken. 

Lakin said that the "Save Dave" campaign 
has hrought more allention to this year's 

VOLLEYBALL: 
Tritons hang with Trojans 
but lose in four games 
ContIna.d"... ..... 11 

In spite of the tough loss. Head Coach Jon 
Stevenson said he was pleased with the 
team's perl'ormaoce, 

"I am real happy with our play ih general." 
Slevenson said. "Winning a game in the 
Mount Pacific [Sports Federation I is a big 
hurdle 10 get over." 

It is possible that Stevenson, a first-year 
coach at UCSD and a former player t'or UC 
Santa Barhara as well as the Professional 
Beach Volleyball Tour, doesn't know just how 
big an accomplishmenl his team achieved on 
Tuesday night. 

The 199K-9' men's volleyball learn 
already has the same numbrr of game wins in 
the Mount Pacific Federation that last year's 
team earned for the enlire season. If this 

The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 15 

I 
I 

, , 

I I I "" 
.. i :. I ... 
~; " ., 

I, I .' I • ~ I ! ,I I , 

lJCSI)ctot-.. ....., dawId any Jut 
effiIrtI by CImc:b, JiviDI it the win. 

"AJdIouab we did DOt play ClXlremely 
well todey. it ... FocI enouah to beat • 
pretty JOOd CaITech fbam," Head Coach 

nm O'Hara aaid foUowing the 
pme. 

The victory OYer Carfech 
was.1eapc pme, which 
Jives the team the assur-

ance that it was per· 
fonnin, as • defend-
ing championship 
lamlbould. 

However, 
according 10 
Coach Troy 
Meyer said. the 

team stiD has much 
to wort 10 do in order to regain the form 
that it cIitplayed aI the end of last season. 

- ..... w.... 

...-" .... '11 
JI&&L ,. 

UCSO's ski and snowboard team looks 
to lake ~ many other Southern California 
schools this weekend on June Mountain, 

.. 
Ranked second in the NSSA Collegiate 

division, the UCSD surf team is in con· 
tenIion to lake this year's crown, Both 
meo'.1IId women', individual titles are at 
stake. The team will feel aI home aI Ihis 
woekeod', contest down on La Jolla 
Shores. 

Spirit Night. 
"Having tbe mc:n's basketball coach un the 

roof is an added bonus." Lakin said. 
As if the live college competition and 

"Save Dave" weren't enough, the folks at the 
athletic deparftnent have upped the ante with 
a little nlme they'd like t() call tbe "Studeni 
Arpreciation Raffle." The nlme is tentative-
IY'licheduled to boast over 15 prizes, includ-
ing a Raleigh Mountain Bike, a custom 
Daewoo skateboard, a plethora of on-campus 
and Triton Plus account gift certilicates, 
movie tickets, restaurant gift certilicates, 
Power Bar bags and the list goes on and on. 

And if the college competition. the "Save 
Dave" campaign and "Student Appreciation 
Rame" aren't enough, there are still the ath-
letic department's promotional events at half-
time, where lucky fans can win anything from 
a BJ's pizza. roundtrip airfare on US Airways, 
and even la fully equipped 191)9 Da.:w()() 
Leganza sedan. 

Oh yeah, there 's also a basket hall game 

progress continues, great things can he 
expected of the Tritons this season. 

In spite of their growing success, the 
Tritons are hungry for more. Although their 
victory in game one of the match against 
the Trojans was rewarding, the Tritons arc 
still holding out for Mount Pacilic vic\O- . 
nes. 

"We made dumh mistakes in the later 
games," Hite said. "If we play the way we 
should, we definitely can and should beat a 
team like Ihis." 

After an exhausting stretch of four tough 
road matches in 10 days, UCSD linally has its 
home opener this Saturday against Cal State 
Nor,hridge. Because the Tritons have hcen 
playing in hostile territory throughout the 
season. returning home should give them ia 
much needed lift. Although Cal State 
Northridge is ranked in the top 20 nationally, 
the Tritons have an opportunity to win if they 
can put up an elTort like they did in game one 
against the Trojans, 

lit \llIlllIll.!tllli ~.,. 
.~ 

Greg Lanthier's HOOPS ROUNDUP 
Who needs the NBA? II's been 'kinda refreshing not having those whining millionaires on TV. Atthls 

point, who caresl!! The good news IS that the focus thiS season has been on college hoops. And, NCAA 
action has not disappointed! There have been plenty of great games featuring the top squads from around 
the country. 

But, HEY! II you want to see some great basketball you don't have to any lurther than the RIMAC Arena 
where your 16-2 Tritons have put together one of the best seasons in UCSD Basketball history! II you want 
to play some great hoops, UCSD has the answer for that too . tntramural Basketball. It's easy to see that 
this campus is nuts about basketball. Oh, and one last note before you check the rankings for your team, 
would you come out to the game tomorrow nigh!!?! I guarantee you'll have a good time and if you come out 
and bring a couple of friends we might be able to get Dave off the roof ........ . . 
Ranlcltnmlrlcord (I. of Jan, 20) Comment 
1Ien"AAA 
I Hand of God 2-() 
2 Prime r1m8 Players 1·0 
3 DSP H) 
4 Sweaty Ball Sacks I'() 
5 Reservoir Dogs 0-1 
lien', AA 
t MaWmen 2'() 
2 Nears Mom .1-0 
3 Ken's Team 1-0 
4 Terrorists 1-0 
5 Zarrow's Nightmares I'() 
Men', A 
I Who's Your Daddy 2·0 
2 JOe 1·0 
3 Little Btt of Infamy 1·0 
4 CT Squad 2-0 
5 Ihfamous No-Can 2·0 
Men'. SolO Ind Under 
I Voftron 2-0 
2 Striders 2-0 
3 Big Richards 1·0 
4 Merton Hank's Neck 
5 Corned Beef & Rice ()'2 
Coed 
I Sonies 2-0 
2 Worthless 1-0 
3 N.W.O. 1·0 
4 Clippers ()'I 
5 At-YAWe're Old! W_', 
I SOCCA Girls 2-0 
2 Geria1rics I-I 
3 Tulips 2-0 
4 Teletubbies I· t 
5 Blue Footed Goobers ()'I 

Defending champs lost their hear! and soul 
Dickie V would love these guys ~ 
Big showdown WI1h PTP Feb 10 
Should blow through an easy league 
Early setback wWI just lire 'em up, look out! laiIw~1 
Making all \he deliveries so tar 
She would be proud of these mislrts 
'Gona respect an 83-39 opener (nice name ... ) 
ThrOWIng in bombs trom everywhere 
Keeping Dave warm and sweaty al night 

'Gunna win a burich only giving up 35 a game 
BUIlding on last year's successes 
Check 'em out while you can - will slumble soon 
Held a team to 13 points in a 40 minule game, y,kesl 
No chemiStry, no shooters, no 0, no lI)anks ...... 
Does everyone fit under the tape? ~e' lI see 
Wi. meet. I on Sunday at 6pm 
You know whatlhey say about guys thin brag .. .. 
Another featured malchup on Sunday aga,nsl • 3 
Try a new recipe 

Just kilWng everyone on SUI.Jay at 3pm • 
Don't sell yourselves short 
Won't make it through \he season Without a loss 
MII/ht beat their NBA namesakes 
Yes you are - Should have Iosl your opener I 

Trust me, this WIll chanye 
ShouId.see them on top in the en(j 
Blooming al the right time 
How do you dribble wHhoutfingers? 
Their name is solid, their play ?717? 

ALL-CAMPUS ftNNIS DOUIUS CHAMPIONSHIPS 
I"'\" Sat.-Sull. January 30-3/, /999 (9anr-3pm), North CalliI'll.\' 

t~ Te""is Courts 
~ Entry FH: One CIn New Tennl. Ball, (Penn or Witson) 

Dlvllion.: Mani. Doubte., Womenls Double., Mixed Doubles 
Award.: Dlvllion Chlmpions 
Format: Double-Participation 

All cIoublea team. will be gUlranteed two consecutive ... etches on Saturday (Jan. 30). 
Qualifiers will advance to the champion·ship rounds on Sunday morning. Length of each match is 
appro •. one hour (10-game Pro-Sets) 

More Info and Toumament Sign-ups are currently be held at the Intramural Sports Front Desk al 
RIMAC (4th Floor) between 10am-5pm, Mon·Fri. 

;oumaments sign-ups conctude Friday, Jan 29 at 2pm. 
Teams that sign-up may call 534-3716 between 3-5pm on Fri. Jan 29 to confirm that actual start 

time for their first match. 

TUM SPORTS AVALANCHI SIT TO SLIDI 
UCSO Intramural Sports is currenlly completing arrange· 

ments for an exciting new addition to its Winter Quarter Spe· 
cial Events Schedule with its new Team Sports Avalanche 
Competition, set for Saturday, February 20, 1999. 

The Team Sports Avalanche Competition has been de· 
signed to test UCSD 1M Sports participants In a spectrum of 
regularly programmed team sports activities. The unique tw,st 
of this competition, however, will lie in the event's duration. 
The competition will begin and end on the same day and Will 
encompass seven different team sports activities. 

Aside from the day·long competitive events, UCSD Intra· 
mural Sports will also host competitors at lunch and barbecue 
dinner activities. At the end of the day commemorative T· 
Shirts for all team members will be provided in addition 10 the 
awarding of excallent prizes lor the top finishing teams. 

The competitive format will be sequence\l in three differ· 
ent phases to include: 

1) MornIng Prelim Competition In Buketball, Volleyball, and Softball (9am-12noon) 
2) Afternoon Qualification Competition In Soccer, .nnertube Wllerpolo Ind Roor Hockey 
3) Champlonlhlp Round Ga_ In Rag Footbalt (.pprox, 430-S3Opm) 

Teem Size limn is 10 players per team with the expectation that all team members would contribute 
SIgnificant playing time in aft competnive events ( a maximum of seven d,fferent contests). 

Specific event scheduling, rules, information, and team sign· up forms are currently available at the 
Intramural Fron. Desk at RIMAC (4" Aoor) between the hours of 10am·5pm, Monday-thru·Friday. Don'l 
delay in organizing your squad, the competnion will be open to only the lirst 8 teams to submit entries. 

GraphiCS by John Barller 



16 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian Thursday, January 21, 1999 
....... 
,..o-a... 
..... .", ..... 

,.. . ." .. 
• IIAC"'- .. 
Af*y., 7"... 
" .... full, I 
",..... 

- SpOrts GuyS PORTS 
The 
Coach 
Travis Hill 
Gut-Man Comes to 
Dave's Rescue 

Last nigh!. a blinding light 
split the San Diego ~ky - it wa~ 
a shiny impression of, yes, a 
keg! II was the Coal:h signal! 
That wuld only mean one thing: 
the Cuardiall SPOriS ~el:tion had 
an emergenl:Y that only a super-
hero like the gut could handle! 

As I trudged into the oflil:t! 
(the onl:c- trusty Coal:h-Illobilc 
wa\ looted hy an unidcntilied. 
hut soon 10 be killed. an:h-
enemy). they informed Ille oj 
their dilemma. 

Appurently. there i~ a hrave 
man who ha~ exi lcd hilmclf 10 
the roof of RIMAC An:na. 
Il1lmediutely I said . "Damn l 
He \ got no rcfrigeralOr or tele-
viS ion . How i\ this poor M1UI 
~ur\lvrng'! I've got to do sOl11e-
thing . Anythingl But whar!" 

They also IOld me thalit was 
raining and Icss thun 40 degrees 
out then.:. 

"But how's he supposcd to 
Waldl 'SpOriSCenh!r' and cat 
Hot Pocke\:.T' I asked them. 
"Don' t you sec') He MUST he 
resl:ucd." 

"Of wurse you idiot: ' they 
said III un"on . "Why do you 
think we l:alh::d you'! Only 'a !,.'U t 
oj yo ur mythil: propOrlions 
l:ould possibly have t\1c where-
wit hal to save Dave:' 

Then they !Old me thai th.: 
on ly way to rl.SWC this Dillon 
character was for UCSD to 
break the mcn's busketball 
allcndanl:e rel:ord ut RIMAe. 
Quil:kly, I recalled the number 
to beat : 2. 125. There is not a 
Single hit of Triton SPOriS infor-
mation that can gct around my 
rotund IUmmy, 

I rel:alled the schedule of our 
incredibly SUl:l:cssful Triton hoop 
stars, and rculized that Spirit 
Night is this Friday at 7 p.m. 

Wow. I though!. That is a 
very tall order. Thc pcople at 
UCSD arc quite famous for 
knowing a lot of O-Chem, but 
arc equally as famous for being 
the last sou Is on thc damn plan-
et who don ' t know who Mkhael 
Jordan is, let alone that UCSD 
has an athletic program, 

So how do I reach these peo-
ple '! How do I somehow l:om-
munil:ate to a group of students 
who do nothing but study'! Who 
the hell do these people think 
they are? 

I schemed that I would go to 
the library and make a big 
scene, maybe run through the 
study areas with nothing on but 
a tlyer for the game, But Ihen I 
couldn't find the library because 
I never study. Oh well, on 10 
Plan B. 

So I wrote a tremendously 
funny column l:haslising every-
one and telling them 10 go to the 
game. And who knows, il just 
might work ... 

By John Maynard 
Sports Editor 

If you've passed by the various 
residential halls this past week, yuu 
might huve nOlked something dif-
feren!. Lining otherwise hlank win-
dows and harren posts were yards 
of hlue and gold saran wrap. mi Ics 
of streamers and gallons of pain!. 

So why all this 111I.:SS'1 It 's all 
heen donI.! in preparilli on for 
tomorrow 's Spirit Night. In ~a,e 
you 'vc never been to the annual 
extravaganza. Spiril Night i, an 
evening where all live l:olleges l:un 
w me together for a fri.:ndly (and 
sOI11.:times not- 'o-friendly) night 
of wmpetition, with Ihe main 
events taking place during Ihe 
Illen ', basketball game, 

"Spirit Night is thc biggest 
event Muir's Residenlial Counl:il 
will put on this quarter," Muir 
Re,idential Life Advisor Amy 
Lakin said, "Everybody\ eXl:ited 
ahuut it. We 've been gelling 
posters up. putting saran wrap all 
over the windows and have heen 
pUlling up balloons all throughout 
Muir all week long:' 

M ui r College has reasons 10 he 
exdled. It has taken home the per-
(l.:tual Spirit Nighl Trophy for the 
past three years. 

Though Muir College has won 
by wnsiderable margins in past 

·years. Lakin said that she's nol 
making any predil:tions for this 
year 's outl:ome. 

"We'd like to keep the tradition 
going, bUI it 's going to be a light 
this year," Lakin said. "People arc 
going 10 be out to get us this year," 

Lakin also said thai the Muir 
Residential Life Council has been 
pUlling on events in the Muir Quad 
all week long, in order to strike up 
interest in this year's Spirit Night. 

Spirit Nights have always come 
with high stakes. Eal:h year's win-
ner gelS 10 hold bragging righls over 
Ihe other four colleges for an enlire 
year as the greatest l:ollege on l:am-
pus, Though pas I years have heen 
important, this year's Spirit Nighl is 
monumental. hel:ausc Ihis year, 
some guy's house is on the line. 

This "soml.! guy" is Assislant 
Men 's Basketball Coach Dav.: 
Dillon. who has vowed 10 live in if 
'leOl atop RIMAC Ar.:na unlil the 
allendanc.: rel:ord is broken. Di lion 
has gi'ven up his comfy hell and 
coLY home as a sacrilil:c 10 both 
the men 's haskethall teillTI and 
UCSD athlelics alike . Dillon 
says he wants not only more sup-
port for the men's haskelhall 
leam, whidl is off to its hest slart 
in school history, but also 
to raise awareness of 
UCSD's slrong alhlcti~ 
See SPIRIT, Page 15 

IGHT 
Come to RIMAe at 7 p.m. on 
Friday to {(Save Dave," support 
your college, see a great Triton 
basketball game and try to win 
loads and loads of free stuff 

Tritons take TrOjans to Four 
ALMOST: UCSD takes first game but eventually falls to No. 11 USC 
By Bill Burg.r 
Senior Staff Writer 

For those of you who complain 
. about UCSD playing a Division IJI 
schedule. feel free to check out 
Saturday night's men's volleyball 
game. After taking on No. 5 
Pepperdine University in their 
Mountain Pacific Sports 
Federation opener, the Tritons trav-
eled 10 Hawaii to take on the 
nation's No.3 team, the University 
of Hawaii Rainbows. As if that 
wasn't enough, the Tritons then 
went to Los Angeles last Tuesday 
to challenge the University of. 
Southern California Trojans, who 
are ranked II th in the nation. 

In . their best performance to 

date, Ihe Tritons took Ihe first game 
against the heavily favored Trojans 
before falling in the next four, 11-
15. 15-6, 15-1, 15-9, 

In the first' game, the Tritons 
came out firing on all cylinders. 
Leaving the serving woes of the 
Hawaii malches behind them, the 
Tritons were able to dominate play 
from beginning to end, showing 
that they are a competitive member 
of the Mountain Pacific Sports 
Federation. The 15-11 score does 
not demonstrate how high the 
Tritons' level of play really was. 

The Trojans, however, were 
able to recover quickly, turning up 
their level of play in the next two 
games and taking the Tritons out, 

15-6 a'nd 15-1. The Trojans were 
helped by UCSD's serving errors 
in games two and three. 

uln the tirst game we came out 
and played the way that we should 
be playing," starter Zack Hite said. 
''Then we started hilling serves out 
in the next two games and we lost 
because of it." 

In the fourth game, the Tritons 
were able to partially correct their 
errors and put up a strong defense. 
Unfortunately, the Trojans were 
too resilient, and UCSD eventually 
fell, 15-9. 

The loss brings UCSD's record 
to 1-4 with an 0-4 record in their 
division. 

See VOLLIY8ALI., page 15 

... ' .......... 
UClDwUCIC 

...... : Friday, 7 p.m. 

.......: RIMAC Arena 
Coet: Students, Freel 
WIIr: 
1.) The Tritons are 16-2 
2.) It's Spirit Night 
3.) It's college hoops 
4.) Free stuff to. win 
5.) You can ·Save Dave" 
6.) Yo' momma said to go 
7.) We'll be there 
8.) Chicks will ~ig you 
9.) Dudes will like you 
10.) It's UCSD, what the 
hell else do you have to do? 


