
Elsewhere 
Professor Throws 
Students • CUrve 
NEW YORK, N.Y. -
Columbia University 
Assistant Professor James 
Leighton has experimentally. 
removed curved grading for 
his organic chemistry class. 
He said he hopes the new 
curveless grading method will 
allow students to focus on 
only their own grades. 
Though they have not had 
their first midterm. students 

. said that they are elljoyin~ the 
new sysle'm hecause It fosters 
cooperation rather than com-
petition. Some sludents also 
said they are concerned that 
this new approach will only 
work if the tests are represen-
tative of the material present-
ed in dass. Leighton said he 
wants to keep all students 
aiming for high grades in 
their own nght. 
- Coillmbia Daily Spectator 

UCLA Students 
Targeted By Scam 
LOS ANGELES - Recently 
UCLA students were were 
subjects of a scam by an 
advertising agency offering 
deals for services at the C-
Zors salon. For $30. students 
could huy a coupon entitling 
them to a hair cut, pedicure. 
manicure and hand massage. 
However, when students 
called the salon to make an 
appointment. they were told 
that the coupon was a fraud 
resulting from an unautho-
rized deal between the salon 
and an advertising agency. 
Bahram Talai. owner of the 
salon, said that coupons pur-
chased before Jan. 15 will be 
honored by the salon despite 
the fact that it will be losing 
money. 

- The Daily Bruin 

PItt. Police OffIcer 
U.s In Report 
PITTSBURGH. Pa. - A 
Pittsburgh police officer con-
fiscated a Pitt News 
reponer's notes and then 
allegedly lied to his sergeant 
by stating that he had flushed 
them down the toilet. Officer 
Brian Kopp was one of tive 
Pittsburgh police officers to 
respond to a repon that a 
strange man was lingering in 
the seventh-floor men's room 
of a building after it closed. 
Kopp tore the paper from the 
writer's notebook because he 
said it contained "personal 
information" about the sus-
pect. Pittsburgh police are 
currently investigating the 
matter. 

- The Pitt News 

Spoken ••• 
.. UCSD ;s the greatest 
school ever because the · 
beers keep coming and 
coming and coming. 
They have the most 
beer of any college I've 
ever been to." 

Internet: _ . ucscJ.edu/,UllllfJlan 
E-mail: 1U~.fIdu 

What's Your Sign? Force Fed Stripes ~ 
To help students prepare for the Americans need a Men's volleybaLL takes 0 
week ahead. Guardian Features heaping spoonful of the Princeton Tigers in Z 
debuts our new horoscopes political discourse five games 0 

Feature., page 9 Opinion, page 4 Sports, page 20 :E 
, H E U C 5 D 

UC SAN DIEGO MONDAY, FEBRUARY I, 1999 VOLUME 96, ISSUE 9 

WINTERFEST 1999 

LIsa Huff/ Guardian 
Crowds: Students and the public enjoy the music of World Tribe, Digital Underground and Violent Femmes at RIMAe Arena . 

Winteriest ~ucceeds With Beer, Bands, Prizes 
FESTI~AL: RIMAC Arena was filled to capacity with 4.,700 people attending the concert on Saturday 
By KJ.Mln Su", 
Senior Staff Writer 

RIMAC Arena was fi lied to 
capacity with 4,700 people last 
Saturday for the second annual 
Winterfest Attendees partook in 
raffles, a free beer garden spon-
sored by Rock BOllom. and music 
from World Tribe, Digital 
Underground and Violent 
Femmes. 

Tickets available to the public 
sold out. 

A.S . Festivals Coordinator 
Zach Beebee said he attributes the 

overwhelming turnout this year to 
the popularity of the bands. 

"I think it's only because of 
the bands," Beebee said. "We 
were able to get bigger bands and 
bigger bands get a bigger draw so 
more people come." . 

Beebee added that the broad 
range of musical interests repre-
sented at Winterfest also con-
tributed to the large turnout. 

"There's a mix of interest here 
and we don't want to create a sit-
uation where it 's all geared 
toward one group of musical 

interests, so this way it balances 
out," Becbee said. "I think that the 
groups are so broad - like the 
Humpty Dance song - everyone 
knows it and everyone likes it so 
ii's a good situation." 

Members of Digital 
Underground said they were 
excited to be at UCSD as well. 

"w~ give as much l<1Ve as we 
get and they [UCSD] gave a lot," 
said Shock G of Digital 
Underground, who is better 
known as Humpty Hump. "We're 
not just automatically juiced all 

the time." 
Shock G also said he respected 

the tribute to the deceased rapper 
Tupac Shakur that a student 
brought to the concert. At the 
beginning of the performance, a 
student threw a rolled up poster of 
Shakur onto the stage. which the 
members of the band displayed 
throughout the show. 

"They were good with the 
Tupac tribute too," Shock G said. 
"We just do the songs that we 
recorded with Tupac and show a 

See CONCERT, Page 3 

A.S. Council Rejects Proposed Constitution 
CONTROVERSY: Council 
members debated the issue for 
hours on Wednesday before voting 
By Vincent a,. .... 1 
Senior Staff ~ter 

After hours of debate last Wednesday night, 
the A.S. Council failed 10 approve a new consti-
tution. A three·quarters vote was necessary for 
ratification and with 13 members supporting it, 
nine opposing and two abstaining, the constitu-
tion was rejected. 

A.S. President Joe Leventhal said at the 
meeting that although he could not withdraw a 
piece of legislation brought to the floor of the 

A.S. Council. he was "symbolically" withdraw-
ing the constitution and instead hoping to bring 
it to students to ratify later this year. 

"My plans frum here are to start and put this 
on the ballot." Leventhal said. "The debate can 
happen in a public forum. I truly stand behind 
this constitution and I truly think it 's the best 
thing for the student body." 

Leventhal said he will be calling together a 
select group of council members to discuss the 
current and proposed constitutions. Leventhal 
also said he will present a new constitution to the 
council during sixth week and ask the council 
for a two-thirds vote to put the constitution on 
the ballot. In order for the constitution to go into 
effect. two-thirds of the vOling student popula-

tion must approve it. 
Leventhal added that if the council does not 

vote to put the constitution 011 thc ballot, he 
plans to collect signatures from students to add 
the constitution to the ballot. 

Before official debate began, members of 
various student organizations at the mecting 
addressed the council either in support of or 
opposition 10 the proposcd constitution. 

The debate then went around the room with 
each member having an opponunity 10 olTcr 
opinions on the proposed constitution . 
Afterward. amendments were considered by 
counci I members. 

The original proposed constitution would 
See COUNCIL, Page 7 



2 NEWS 

Former Priest Spoke 
On Religion, Society 
LECTURE: Carroll discussed Christian symbols at 
Auschwitz and their meaning for the new millenium 
By Christine Pangsn 
Staff Writer 

In a Burke Lecture last 
Thursday titled "The Cross at 
Auschwitz: A Christian 
Reflection." James Carroll. a for-
mer Catholic priest of the Paulist 
Order. shed light on Christian atti-
tudes regarding the ongoing dis-
pute over the presence of crosses at 
Auschwitz Concentration Camp. 

Carroll said that for Catholics. 
the martyrdom of Maksymilian 
Kolbe and Edith Stein at Auschwitz 
motivated the erection of the cross. 
as a symbol of "prayer and penance 
to atone for the deaths of others." 

Carroll said that many Jewish 
protesters. however. objected to the 
four-meter-high cross as a 
Christianization of Auschwitz. 

Carroll said the cross lirst 
emerged as a violent symbol: it was 
used on shields during the 
Crusades. 

Burke Lecture Board Member 
Tom Curtin said Carroll shared 
unique perspectives. 

"I was not aware of [the per-
spective that1 the cross can evoke 
such negative feelings." Curtin 
said. "I appreciate his awareness of 
the cross and the rethinking of it. It 
is of interest that it is this cross at 
Auschwitz that has brought this 
[discussion 1 bu~bling forth ." 

Carroll, who left the priesthood 
and became a novelist, said that 
historically. the cross became a 
symbol of conquest because it has 
been used against other religions 
like a sword. 

"Biblical and historical tension 

has led to violence within Israel 
and the Church .. . but dispropor-
tionately Christian violence," 
Carroll said. 

Sister Caroline Bachmann said 
she found Carroll's lecture interest-
ing. 

"I heard some things I hadn't 
thought of before," Bachmann said. 
"1 had not realized its importance 
before. hut as a result of hearing 
this background I will be more alert 
to ongoing discussions." 

Elizaheth "Unni" 
Malancharuvil, student minister at 
UCSO's Catholic Community, said 
Carroll is "brilliant." 

"He had a really good viewpoint 
that incorporated the message of all 
religions being valid, a message for 
the new millennium of openness 
and tolerance for all religions ... 
that the cross is just our sign," 
Malancharuvil said. 

Carroll said that the dawning of 
the new millennium is a time of 
repentance and moral reckoning. 

"The cross cannot be seen as a 
sign of love when it is still a sign of 
conquest," Carroll said. 

The Burke Lectureship on 
Religion and Society sponsors a 
permanent series of lectures by the-
ologians. philosophers and other 
scholars. An endowed lectureship 
in honor of Father Eugene M. 
Burke. the lectures focus on analyt-
ical and philosophical explorations 
of the functions and responsibilities 
of religion in society. 

Past Burke lecturers include 
author Elie Weisel, Richard Louv 
and Cardinal Joseph Bernardin. 

WALT DICKINSON 
Edi/or III Cillef 

JUUA KULLA·MADER • MEGAN SMITH 
Managmg ,,'t/'/Or> 

TABtTHA GRANSHAW • LAURA KNIGHTEN 
O'"g Ed,/ors 

LEENA SHANKAR. ERIKA SNIDER 
News Edilo,~ 

JESSICA SCHEPPMANN 
Features e'ditor 
MARC COMER 
U"inion t'e/,/or 
JEff BARKER 

A.,mcw/" O"il1ioll Edi/or 
JAKE GORDON. JOHN MAYNARD 

Sports Edi/ors 

TRAVISHIU 
A.tWJcia/e Spor/s Edi/or 

LINDSAY SWORSKI 
/fialus Edi/or 

DAVID LEE 
Ilssucw/e Ilia/us Ee/i/or 

DAVE LUBITZ 
Photo Edi/or 
USA HUff 

A,socia/I! Ph% Edi/or 
JOHN BARBER 

Graphics Edl/or 
NICK RUNCO 
Design Edi/or 

SENIOII STAFF WRITlEIIS 
John Barber. Genev.eve COlt. Vincent Gragnarll , Mary HlgglflS . laura Krughten. 

Oave LublU. Annam Manthlram, Jenny NIChOlson. Mark Smith. Scott Yager 
STaFF WIIITIlIS 

Bill Burger. Karl Frtedman. Jenmfer Grady. Nllou Mostal •. Chrlsllne P"",an. Jacob Schechter. Eve 
Senuty 

ILWITlIATOIIS 
Mike Belte. KristIne Chang. Austin HSla. Alice lin, JosePhIne RObefts. Nlchotas Runco 

OIIIONDS ChriS Moran. Karen Tran. Thomes Weng 
COPY RIADIRI Alison Noms. Kevin Byrne 

WUMAlTlR Brian Wlkner 
COMPI/'IIII ..--r DlIY1d Glicksman 

ANN BAREFIELD 
Business Manager 

MIKE MARTINEZ BROCK HAlTER 
Adver/ising Ar/ Direc/or Advertising Manager 

YVETT£ ALCALA 
Assis/an/ Business Manager 

AOVIIITI_ AlllSTlUIT Metody Gonz .... s 
_ AIIIITIIIITI 

Joson Allen. Ph,'lIp Gotdman. Ethan levy. JacoI> Meyl)etl. Brody Phelps. Nate Sm,'" 
ADVDITISIIIO _ • LAYOUT John llafbef. Casey BUII .... uys 

The UCSD Guara"ln 's oubllshed Mondays and Thursdll\'s dull", tho oc-.n .. 1'1"' by and to< 
the students of UCSO. ReprOductIon of thiS newspaper tf'I any form •. Whether fn who~ or en 
oart. Without perm,SSf()r1 IS stnetty Pfohtbrted. C 1999 . .. I reMs reserved, The UCSO Gu.wdr..., 
IS not responSIble tor the return of unsohclted manuSCripts Of art. The YtewS exprelsed heretn 
do not neeessallly re",esent the "",mons of rhe UCSD GuBfO'MI. tho Un"",rSlIy of Cal"""'" or 
the Assoc,ated Students The UCSD GuIMOiMl 's funded IOIeIy tJy _rtll". 
Mad props to a Gusrdl,n statter who was inVIted! back to Humpty Hump's hotet room. 

News/ Features: 534·5226. General Editorial: 534-6581 
Opinion/ Sports : 534-6582. Hl8tul: 534-6583 
AdvertlS,ng Office' 534-3466. Fa.: 534·7691 

. ·mail: lluardian4Pucsd.fK1u 
Guard,an Online: hlfp:/lwww.ucsd.edu/lluardlan/ 

UCSD Guard'an, 9500 Gilman DrIve 0318, 
La Jolla, CA 92013-0318 

Actual location: Second Floor. ucso Student Center Bu"d~ 'A' . Rm. 217 

The UCSO Guardian MoRday, February I, 1999 

LIFE IN HELL 

BRIEFLY ••• 

UCSD Establishes Tissue Bank 
As part of a national effort to speed progress in 

the scientific understanding and treatment of neuro-
Ivgical damage from AIDS, UCSD researchers - in 
collaboration with scientists at University of Southern 
California and UCLA - are establishing the California 
Neuro-AIDS Tissue Network (CNT~), a tissue bank of 
brain and other neurologicai tissue from AIDS patients 
taken after death. 

Patients in advanced stages of the disease who 
participate will undergo neurological and neuropsy· 
chological testing and asses~ment every six months 
and will be asked to consent to an autopsy. 

Igor Brant, professor of psychiatry with the UCSD 
School of Medicine and CNTN director, said that he 
hopes this research will help answer questions 
regarding whether the virus is different in the central 
nervous system than in other tissues, if the brain pro-
vides a sanctuary for HIV, and what the best approach· 
es to protect the brain from damage are. 

CNTN - which was made possible through a five-
year, $5 million grant from the National Institute of 
Mental Health - is the first effort to link important 
clinical information with ti!:sue samples for research. 
The bank is based at UCSD Medical Center, Hillcrest. 

WrIt., IDirector to Speak lit 
UCSD on T .... ', Feb. 2 

Writer/director Joan Micklin'Silver wilr be giving a 
free public lecWre titled "My Life in Aim" on Tuesday, 
Feb. 2 in Price Center Ballroom at 7 p.m. 

Silver has directed the films "Hester Street, 
CroS$~ Delancey," "Big Girl's Don't Cry" and "Head 
Over Heels.· She has directed the plays • A ... My Name 
is Alice," "Album" and "M~ I'm Doing It Yt\'ong." In 
addition, Silver directed the National Public Radio 
series "Great Jewish Stories from Eastem Europe and 
Beyond.' For more information, call 822.0510. 

Errata 
&,B," 

PIli AI ..... Delta HostIng 
California Westem Law ' .... 1 

Phi Alpha Delta, a co-ed pre-law fraternity, is host· 
ing a panel composed of the directore of UCSD's 
Career Services and UCSD alumni who are now at 
California Western Law School. All students are invito 
ed to attend this session which will be held on 
Tuesday, Feb. 2 at 7 p.m. in Center Hall 216. 

For more information, call 578-8533. 

Teach for America Deadline 
APProaching 

The Teach for America program is looking for appli-
cants. The two-year Americorps program places recent 
outstanding recent college graduates into teaching 
positions in the most under·resourced rural and pub-
lic schools in America. 

• The goal of the program is to ensure equal educa-
tion for all children as well as to help participants 
develop leadership skills. Applications are available . 
at the Volunteer Connection Office, which is located 
on the second floor of the Price Center. For more 
inform"tion, call the Volunteer Connection at 534· 
1414. 

Mandeville Annex Gallery will be featuring' Joehn, ~ 
an art exhibit showcasing the art, designs and illus-
trations of GU8ldian Graphics Editor John Barber and 
former Guardian Advertising Designer Joe Pan, from 
Feb. 1 to Feb. 5. The gallery will be open from 12 p.m. 
to 5 p.m. each day. There will be a closing reception 
on Thursday, Feb. 4 at 7:30 p.m. For morB Informa-
tion, call 534-7035. 

In the story title-j "Spirit Night '99 Brings UCSO Out to Cheer Tritons," Revelle College students were not 
given due credit for making tridents with yellow paper slugs impaled on them. 

The GU8Idi., recrets the error. 

"II", 
In the story titled ·Notes for the Underground: Stam", the Electric Skychurch,· the ~ (rIIPh1c 
~ In alternative bind. 

The Guardl., regrets the error. 

Monday, Pebnwy I, 1999 

CONCERT: 
Canned food was 
donated to shelter 
c ......... ,.,..,... 1 
little recognition lor the fact that he 
staned out 111 Digital 
[Underground)." 

Mystic, the newest member of 
Digital Underground. said that she 
was excited to be at UCSD and to 
see the Violent Femmes. 

"I'm excited about the Violent 
Femmes because I've been listen-
ing to them ever since junior high," 
Mystic said. 

Money B of Digital 
Underground also said that he 
enjoyed performing at UCSD. 

"The show was dope - I loved 
'it," Money B said. "UCSD is the 
greatest school ever because the 
beers keep coming and coming 
and coming. They have the most 
beer of any college I've ever been 
to." 

UCSO students who were 21 
and over were given free beer at the 
beer garden provided by Rock 
Bottom. Although students appre-
ciated the free beer, some said they 
were unhappy with the restraints 
placed on having alcohol on cam-
pus. 

"It's made the experience more 
enjoyable but I think there's too 
much high-tech security going on 
here with too many ID checks and 
too many lines," Muir student Mike 
Mahn said. "But it's definitely a 
cool idea having free beer here at 

the event though and I'm totally 
stoked 011 it." 

Marshall student Sarah Curry 
said that the two-drink limit 
enforced at the beer garden was 
restrictive. 

". think two is a little conserva-
tive," Curry said. "Especially if 
you're 21, there should be a bit 
more freedom. If you want to drink 
more you should - at a regular 
concert you wouldn't have these 
regulations." 

Despite these complaints, many 
students said that they enjoyed the 
show and the bands that performed. 

"I liked the Violent Femmes and 
Digital Underground was really 
good too," Revelle student Shawna 
Oliva said. 

Revelle student Julia Horn said 
that she could not deny the nostal-
gIa the mu~ic of Dig'tal 
Underground and Violent Femmes 
brought back. 

"It was like a rehash of sixth 
through eighth grade just all o .. er 
again with Digital Underground, 
and Violent Femmes was early high 
school too," Hom said. 

Student Ryan Haley said that 
there was a difference in the 
response from the crowd to these 
two different bands. 

"Everybody was just standing 
there for Violent Femmes but 
everyone was dancing during 
Digital Underground," Haley said. 
"You gotta get the dance music 
whether they're happening or 
not." 

In addition to the music and fes-

THINKING OF MOVING 
OFF·CAMPUS? 

Here's a break for your parents-a chance for 
them to write off some of your college tuition! 

How, you_l 

The UCSD Guardian 

tivities. Winterfest also contributed 
10 a charitable cause - canned 
food donations for St. Vincent de 
Paul Homeless Shelter's services. 
Each of the 4,700 attendees con-
tributed at least one canned food 
item. 

Students received one raffle 
ticket for each canned food item 
that they brought. These tickets 
made students eligible to win 
prizes such as ceniticates for In 
'N' Out Burger, the Bookstore, 
passes to the San Diego Zoo, 
passes to Sea World, and a trip for 
two to San Felipe for spring 
break. 

''The reason why we do rame 
prizes for Winterfest is that it 
encourages people to bring more 
cans," Beebee said. "Charity was 
our main purpose. It's amazing 
how many cans of food we have out 
ihere." 

Beebee and his staff are current-
ly working on coordinating their 
next project, the Sun God Festival. 

"We've got a good group of 
people working on the committee 
and I'm excited to start working on 
Sun God," Beebee said. 

Beebee said the commiltee is 
currently considering expanding 
the Sun God Festival due to its suc-
cess. One suggestion is having two 
stages with six bands instead of one 
stage with three bands. 

"It's at the point where there's 
such a good tradition for Sun God," 
Beebee said. "I think you nred to 
keep trying to better the event every 
year." 

NEWS 3 

Of~ 
ID 

856 Grand Ave, Pacific Beach 
490-6222 

.* AmerICa Reads 
HAVE MOM & DAD BUY A 
CONDO OR TOWNHOUSE! 

You can: • Rent the extra rooms to your friends ... 
• Use the rent money to pay for the mortgage ... 

TOBIN 
One of UCSD's 
fiMSt is also a 

Realtor®! 

CHALLENGE 
AttC11tiol1 

'vVork-study 
students: 

• You live in the condo for FREE, and ... 
• ... your parents can write off the interest on the mortgage! 

DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY PAYING RENT! 
Here's a way to pay for housi~g that is also an investment! Call Tobin today at 

COLDWeLl. 
DA.Nt\eR U 

ASSOCIA"fES 
REALTY 

9988 Hiller! Street, Ste 100, San DIego. CA 92131 
ElICh oIIlce is independenIIy owned end operated 

(619)637-0609 (voice mail) 
(619)621-5279 (office) 
e·mail:Finestrealtor@hotmail.com 

ImllllE, UN"'QBADS 
n(OVER YOUR BOD" WITH 

SICKIIISS AIID 
ACCIDEIIT 

IIISUUIICI 

'"'OLLI"' IIOW , Information and applications are available at 
Student Health Service • 0039 • 534-2123 

(",t 1"li\.l !11111111l' '.1,('111 hl'~()l1d C()urse 
1\ \.jllill 1'11\'111, ill ,I l() l l l'. l' t lLl l IlLlttl'rs! 

rEP 132 - America Reads. 
2 unit upper division class with a focus on 
teaching young children (grades K -3) to 

become readers and writers. Receive 
training and work in small groups or 

one-on-one with children who need some 
extra reading support. 

Please come to the Teacher Education 
Program, (TEP, ERe 51 7 A) office to 

fill out a placement sheet. 

FFI call 534-1685 
or email choltzman@ucsd.edu 

Teach a young child to read. 



4 OPINION 

A stable history, poor 
education, shallow 

media and a desire to 
live trouble-free lives are 
to blame for the narrow 

spectrnm of American 
mainstream polities 

The UCSD Guardian Monday. FebruMy 1.1999 

PINION 

By Simone Santini 
Staff Writer 

A few days ago, a friend of mine was telling me some 
of his observations resulting from a number of trips to 
Europe, and one of them seemed quite interesting to both 
of us. He noticed how Europeans seem a lot more passion-
ate than Americans about politics. In Europe, it is almost 
impossible for two people to talk for more than half an 
hour without ending up in a political debate. The only top-
ics more popular than politics seem to be soccer and sex. 
At the same time, it looks like the spectrum of mainstream 
politics and public opinioo in Europe is much wi~er than 
in America. 

I agreed with him wholeheartedly, and I noticed that my 
impressions, when I moved to the United States, were 
almost exactly the mirror image of his own. We noted with 
surprise the fact that in the United States, where, aU things 
considered, freedom of expression is well protected. the 
mainstream political opinions could be so homogeneous 
and undifferentiated and that people could be so indiffer-
ent to politics. 

My friend was adamant: Our society is intentionally 
keeping us so busy in the vain pursuit of a career that all 
other aspects of our life (including being informed on and 
discussing political matters) are relegated to a scrap of our 
time. 

We talked about it for a while, then our conversation 
drifted away, as good conversations are supposed to do. 
That night, however, going home (I ride the bus: It gives 
me a lot of time to think), I considered the observation 
again, and I looked for possible reasons of this state of 
affair. The following, for what it is worth, is the result of 
my bus ride. 

I can think of a number of historical reasons to justify 
this kind of attitude. The Unites States. with the noticeable 
excepcion of the Civil War, has been in relative stability 

since its foundation. This country was also founded on 
principles emphasizing the division between public and 
private; the government is not to interfere with the private 
lives of its citizens. Americans are. much more than 
Europeans. diffident of their own government. This lack of 
faith may have induced a generalized disaffection toward 
politics, and an underestimation of its actual relevance in 
the social and economic life .. 

Education can be held partly accountable for the scarce 
political curiosity of Americans. There is an unfortunate 
trend, reinforced in the past two decades. to replace edu-
cation with job training. Our universities are churning out 
graduates that know everything about the latest computer 
technology, but are unable to articulate a discourse on the 
possible social and political impact of the very same tech-
nology. 

Grade school is even worse than that. When I was in 
high school, I had teachers from all parts of the political 
spectrum. My philosophy professor was a hard-core con- ' 
servative and a great admirer of Ronald Reagan and 
Margaret Thatcher. My Latin and literature professor. on 
the other hand, was ajust as hard-core follower of Marxist-
Leninist theories. They were both very brilliant people of 
great culture, and it was a pleasure to hear them debate the 
current political events. 

I don't think that the education system in most states 
would allow such a thing to hap"n. Alas. we can't educate 
children to open an intelligent political debate without 
exposing them to ideas to which we might disprove. The 
legitimate desire to live (comfortable and t~ lives 
can very easily lead to acquiescence and uniformity. A cer-
tain fraction of disturbing ideas is a healthy component in 
any pluralistic society. 

Similar fears led to the almost complete "tabloidiza-
lion" of the media. Many people take all their information 

See POUIICS, Pace 5 

Monday. February I. 1999 

POLITICS: 
For a better view, 
take a look overseas 
c. II .~"""""4 
from television. and. as 1lIOII of us 
know. television is incredibly shal-
low. The reasons are the usual: pe0-
ple just want ehlap entertainment 
and morbid crime stories (for some 
reason. which I would rather not 
investigate. the two things are con-
nected). Network executives will 
go out of their way to offer audi-
ences what they want in the name 
of the holy Nielsen rating. Durilll 
one particular week, the top-selling 
news lIIIIazines offercd Slories on 
disciplining children. on a woman 
who received a kidney from a 
member of her church. a repon on 
a teen tried for the murder of a 
friend's mother and other similar 
gems. Serious politics: nil. 

Some newspapers are better 
than this. However, most are not. 
Driven by concentration in the 
hands of anonymous conglomer-
ates, which take decisions based 
purely on market sha"re, newspa-
pers and tabloids are rapidly con-
verging. There are exceptions. but 
preciously few. 

Many people may have heard 
that all this doesn't really mailer. 
because the Internet will provide a 
new-and-improved forum for all 
forms of political debate, on which 
all kinds of information will be 
freely exchanged. This belief is 
unfortunately an aspect of the long-
standing na'ivet~ and total faith in 
the all-encompassing power 01 
technology. which has come to Ix 
seen as the ultimate solution to all 
human problems. This mood is dif-
fused in the West, but especially in 
the United States. A possible expla-
nation for this idea is that comput-
ers are'one of the moll socially rel-
evant technologies, and the United 
States is prominent in computer 
technology. The explanation could 
also rest in the Haws in the educa-
tional 'sysaem that I have already 
mentioned. 

In moll cases, the Internet is just 
as shallow and uninformative as 
newspapers. The main advantage to 
the Internet is the easy access to the 
foreign press. I wonder. however, 
how many people will decide to 
take a look at EI Pafs. u MoNk or 
the Frankfurt~r AlIg~nUJin~ just to 
have a broader view on the great 
political themes of this age. The 
Internet may provide useful tools, 
but is certainly not a solution. 

After the great political seasons 
of the '60s and the '70s. political 
discourse has fallen out of grace. 
The political commitment during 
those decades may now be associ· 
ated with cerJain less desirable 
characteristics. However, refusing 
to take one without the other would 
be an extreme case of throwing out 
the baby with the bath water. . 

Political discourse is important 
in an open and democratic society. 
The Romans. (who knew some-
thing about populous control and 
manipulation) used the expression 
"panem et circenses." Literally: 
bread and amusements. The wis-
dom behind this dictum was that as 
long as you keep people well fed 
and entertained. they are very 
unlikely to question what you are 
doing behind the scenes. We should 
be careful: maybe there is a reason 
why they are feeding us junk food 
and exalt us 10 much with sports. 

Send COIffIMttII flIIII utm'S to 
the Editor to panlian.ucsd.edu 

The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

NOTHING NEW. IN NEWS NE'IWORKS 

ilScblzvfJbnmlc DlslWurse O BRENT -ON grandmother into slavery to get out of jwy duty: Would people be more likely to participlle in jury dUly if they wuId wllCh the proceedings from the comfort of their own 
homes. reclining on the couch with 
a cupboIrd of snacks for those mid-
trial attacks of the munchies? As 
interactive television continues to 

hasn't even happened yet. Granted, 
my desktop calendar isn't the most 
accurate timepiece in the world, as I 
often neglect to advance the date 
and then skip ahead to read future 
strips, but I' m pretty sure its margin 
of error is less than a week. 

The millennium story has 
received so much attention that 

the Apocalypse, basically. 

When I was a young lad, my 
Jll()(her would reprimaad me for 
watching cartoons and sitcoms 
instead of the news. Now that I've 
started watching news programs 
on a regular basis. I'm not sure 
why she was so keen on them in 
the first place. 

evolve. the 
tedious 
process of 
deliberation 
cOuld even-
tually be 

-OPINION-
GOLUMN 

journalists 
have even 

If I were the Year 2000, I would 
sue the major news networks for 
libel and defamation of character. 
I'd also sue the Year 2001 to obtain 
the legal rights to be the first year of 
the new millennium - not because 
I think there's any good argument 
why the millennium should start in 
2000 C.E., but because that's just 
the way I am. Greedy. 

While these stories hog the 
limelight, international news con-
tinues to receive only minimal 
coverage. I think we've been 
bombing some country because it 
was doing stuff we didn't want it 
to do, or something. I'm not really 
sure. For all I know, CNN might 
have been replaying footage from 
its immensely popular "Gulf War" 
mini-series aired a few years ago. 
I never did see the last installment 
of that. I think I still have my 
Norman Schwarzkopf and Colin 
Powell action figures . 

News propMIS have become 
bOOlII; the networks cover the same 
aaonWlllly vape and uninforma-
tive 5Iories over and over Apin. 
Before the advenl of 24-hour news 
networks, news programs actually 
tried to cover a variety of stories. 
But television journalism's new 
motto is: "If a story is worth cover-
ing, it's worth covering 24f1." 

Of course. some of the blame 
must be attributed to American 
audiences, who are easily amused 
by certain stories. Trials, for 
instance, always get high ratings. 
This doesn't make sense because 
most Americans would sell their 

rcduced to simply clicking the 
"Guiky" or "Not Guihy" buttons on 
your remote. Just make sure your 
stupid kid doesn't grab the clicker 
and try to channel surf when it 
comes time to reach a verdict. 

Once upon a time, O. 1. Simpson 
was the only trial in town - now 
there's impeachment. I can't even 
tell the difference between CNN 
and C-SPAN anymore - both 
show Congress 24 hours a day. 

Another dead horse the media 
have been beating lately is the dawn 
of the new millennium, which, 
according to my Far Side calendar, 

come up 
with a lame 
lit tie 
acronym for 

it: Y2K. Are we really so lazy that 
we can't just say "the year 2000"? 
Quite frankly. I'm insulted that 
journalists think a hip buzzword is 
all that's needed to attract my atten-
tion. Well ... to tell the truth ... I'm 
just biller that they stole the title I 
wanted for the Yiddish 2 Korean 
dictionary I'm working on. 

If you believe the media, the 
year 2000 will be marked by a host 
of catastrophes - planes will fall 
from the sky. streetlights will mali-
ciously lure motorists into busy 
intersections and VCRs will fail to 
record preprogrammed shows -

Sorry Mom, but I'm going 
back to cartoons. At least ''The 
Simpsons" isn't all reruns. 

Send comments and Letters to 
the Editor to guardian@ucsd.edu 

Our door is open. 

Come see· the completely 
reinvented Power Macintosh G3. 

It>wer MacinI¢J GJ Apple Silldlo Displm' 
j(X)JUIz, 35OMJ1z, 4fXJMJ1z 
Academic "Price SlmTlng at 11,5(}3 Academic Prlcell,OJJ 

t7· (16 0 Viewable) Diamond/101/ CRT 
ACMe",le Price 1<169 

11" (I91lJ IIlell 'able) mlli/rrill crr,.. 
Aalf/emle Price $1.;()9 

Apple Technology Update 
RSVP bye-mail to: 

macrsvp@bookstore.ucsd.edu 

----
WHAT: Apple Technology Update 
DATE: 1\Jesday, February 2, 1999 
TIME: 1:30pm. 2:30pm: Power Macintosh G3 Minitower, FireWire iMac 

2:4Spm4:3Opm: Mac OS X Server, AppleShare IP 6.1, MIij 2.1 
WHERE: UMmity of Californli, San Diego; The Price Center, Gallery B 

See one today at the 
UCSD Bookstore 
Computer Center 

www-bookstore.ucsd.edu 
619-534-4291 

• AUIIuilt'd Ib.iler 
·for _ wilh '99 OJ models only. 0 1999 .... ppIe Computer. Inc . .... 11 rilhls rnen-ed . .... ppIe. the .... pple logo and Po .... Moclntosh. ,Mac. F,reWire. and 

.... ppleSIuore..., relillered tnodemarks of .... pple Computer. Inc, 



6 OPINION The UCSD Guardian Monday, February I, 1999 

Focus ON THE RIGHTS OF THE 'MOVEMENT' 
Editor: 

On Thursday, Jan. 28. you post-
ed a leHer by Debbie Chon, who 
reflected negatively on the UCSD 
DJ Club event. ··Movemenl." 

Chon charges that the event 
was. in actuality, a rave, put on 
with student money. and that non-
UCSO students were invited to 
take part in the rave by "taking var-
ious kinds of drugs like ecstasy, 
marijuana and weed, JUSt to name a 
few." 

"Movement" provided positive 
benefits for I) The UCSD OJ 
Vinyphiles Club. 2) The UCSD stu-
dents and 3) the San Diego com-
munity. "Movement" gave the 
UCSD OJ Club {j. chance 10 -OJ 
alongside some of the greatest OJs 
from all over the world. It also gave 
them a chance to be exposed to a 
large portion of the raver commu-
nity and gain a name for them-
selves so that some can hopefully 
have a chance to OJ at professional 
gigs in the future. 

"Movement" also gave UCSO 
students a chance to take a study 
break and enjoy a free event where 
they could dance. listen to music. 
socialite, and have a good time. 
"Movement" also gifted the San 
Diego community with a peaceful. 
positive event that brought people 
together to celebrate music and to 
have fun . 

Chon argues that money was 
taken right out of students' pockets 
to pay for the event. The 35-plus 
OJ's who played at "Movement" 
(most who charge a hefty sum for a 
set) all played for free. and certain 
campus organiz.ations merely fund-
ed the event to pay for a portion of 
the sound. security, and advertising 
fees . Everything was paid for 
straight out of the promoters' own 
pockets and from the money gained 
from the past smaller OJ Club 
events. 

Still. you may say, why was 
there no entrance fee to pay for the 
event'! Well. what would the UCSD 
students benefit from by having an 
entrance fee? If there was an 
ent rance fee, I guarantee you even 
fewer UCSD students would have 
shown up. 

And speaking of such, if the 
majority of people at the event 
weren't from UCSD, is the OJ Club 

really to blame? After all. there 
were bright. colorful posters all 
over campus advertising 
"Movement" to the students. DJ 
Club members passed out flyers all 
over campus. The event was also 
advertised on the Price Center mar-
quis and there was an article adver-
tising the event in the Guardian as 
well. 

You shouldn't be accusing non-
students for showing up but blam-
ing other students for not showing 
up to support a student-organized 
free campus evenl. So 
"Movement" drew a lot of off-cam-
pus supporl. If it hadn't, maybe 10 
people would've shown up. 

r disagree with Chon's opinion 
of "Movement" as a "drug party". 
Many people are quick to blow 
whistles whenever they hear the 
word "rave" used to describe a 
musical evenl. Drug use was not 
endorsed by any of the promoters 
and organizers of "Movement." 
nor were drugs being passed OUt 
like free condoms at a frat party. 
Being a musical event that drew 
over 4.000 people, of course there 
was going to be some drug use. 
However. I'm sure some will be 
quick to argue with me and state 
that everyone is sober at the Sun 
God Festival (another student 
event funded by the same campus 
organizations that funded 
"Movement"). 

Finally, Debbie says that "when 
word gets out that there was a rave 
on our campus, then we will get 
looked down upon ... ... I disagree. 
This event was organized with the 
prospects of bringing people 
together, not splitting them apart. 
The event was organized by stu-
dents and invited anyone and 
everyone, prejudicing against no 
one. 

The entire night 4,000 people 
got along, had fun and not one aet 
of violence broke oul. If word did 
leak out that drug use did occur at 
this event (not like it doesn't 
already occur in the dorms every 
week), most people would just 
shrug and say, "Well, those were 
probably the people who don't go 
to this campus," and they would 
be right. Instead of focusing on 
everything wrong with the event, 
this campus could gain more from 

Letters t~~ Editor 
The Guardian welcomes letters from 
its readers. All letters must be no 
longer than three pages. typed. dou-
ble-spaced and signed. Letters must 
also contain a phone number. We 

relieve what aggression they may 
feel by using their imagination, 
usually with the help of a few 
friends around a table. I would 
appreciate jt if Mr. Fan would 
refrain from making patently 
untrue generalizations based on his 
experience with a small number of 
individuals. 

Dan Lacey 

Animal RI..- Not . 
Unked to Darwinism 

reserve the right to edit for length Editor: 
and clarity. Letters may be dropped I eat red meal. I wear leather 
off at the Guardian office on the shoes. I even wear fu ". well I 
second floor of the Q/q,.,stlldent _ " , . . 
Center. Send al{lette;s to: wouldn t go that far. Despite thiS 

TheUCSD Guardian insidious behavior. I understand the 
Opinion Editor point that animal rights activists are 

9500 Gilman Dr. 0316 trying to make. Shannon Castle 
La )olla. CA 92093-0316 clearly does not, nor even attempls, 

Fax: {619} 534-7691 like so many others. to use her con-
e-maIl: guardlanfiPucsd.edu voluted conceplions of evolution to 

support her own silly stance 
focusing on what was righl. More ("Survival of the Fittest." 
students should follow the exam- Guardian. Jan. 21. 1999). 
pie set by "Movement" and orga-
nize campus events for fellow stu-
dents. 

True, we homo sapiens are a 
successful species. We could try 
and justify our marauding ram-

I invite Chon and all the other pages against those pesky. bucked-
skeptics -and critics to open their toothed varmints we call gophers 
minds and come to the ncxt OJ by citing the often misused term 
Club event where you can cut 
loose, dance. enjoy music, meet 
some new people and have a good 
time. It·s healthy. 

"survi val of the fittest." Then 
again. couldn't we also apply the 
same son of ethically devoid logic 
to explain why it's permissible to 

Brian Hibbert wipe out a small village in the 
"dj Ladykilla" Congo in order to make way for a 

Generalization M .... 
About Role PIa, .. 

cow pasture? Or to thoughtlessly 
strangle a few dozen dolphins to 
satisfy the mouth-watering craving 
for tuna on rye? 

Editor: The animals' rights activists' 
I don't have much of an opin- agenda is not hinged on evolution 

ion on most of what Bertrand Fan 'or Darwinism. as Miss Castle 
wrote in his article "Laser Tag, 
Full of Freaks" (Guardian, Jan. 
28. 1999). I have never played 
lase. tag and don't plan to anytime 
soon. I take offense, though, at his 
statement that "Role players are 
people so completely insecure 
about their own life that they pur-
chase a membership to Ultrazone, 
which allows them to take out 
their rear-world aggressions on 
new players." 

While undoubtedly there are 
'some people of the above descrip-
tion who are role players, by far the 
majority of role players prefer to 

falsely reports. It rests on the belief 
that we, as intelligent human 
beings. should make every possi-
ble effort to avoid the wasteful and 
unnecessary death of other animal 
lives. 

Jason S. Kim 

U.S.-Chlu R.latlons 
Artlcl. Applauded 
Editor: 

I have just read an insightful 
anicle written by Brook Garrettson 
("U.S. Over-Favors China," 
Guardian. Dec. 3, 1998) regarding 

Brown Eyes to Blue, Green, Hazel 

F R E E PAIR COLORED CONTACTS Freshlook Colors with urchase of 2 boxes of clear F"sh~ disposables. 
DAILY WEAR EXTENDED WEAR DISPOSABLE LENSES 

$89** $99** $129** 
COMPLETE 2 PAIRS B&L FW COMPLETE 

.. Attlfleeial. include I.n •••. uam. tyeeare kit and follow up vi.it. A.tigmatic lense. hig/ler. 
Not valid with any other offer. Oller ... pire J/J 1/99. 

ROBERT HElLER, 0.0 .• STEVEN TAYMAN; 0.0 .• JOHN CASTIELLO, 0.0. 
COSTA VERDE CENTER FASHION VALLEY CENTER 

8650 GENmE AVE. Su. 220 (619,452-7374 NEAl SAKS Ftmt AVENUE (619'295-0537 

the trading policies of this country 
with China. 1 then introduced this 
same anicJe to my colleagues at 
work. resulting in a most spirited 
discussion. 

I applaud the ,ability of this 
young man to facilitate the inter-
course of ideas and beliefs. 1 com-
mend you for publishing works of 
this caliber and I look forward to 
more anicles penned by Brook in 
future issues. 

David, J.l>oRlietto 
Investigative OftIcer 

California Department of 
, .~.... .. 

C,orreclUans 

Mleconduct Will Be 
Clinton'. Lepe, 
Editor: 

Legacy? What Possible legacy 
does Clinton have to leave? 
Perhaps Mr. OoHo ("Clinton 
Sheds Impeachment Shackles, 
Leaves Legacy," Gllardian, Jan. 
21. 1999) ""as [referring] to 
Clinton's revolutionary strides in 
health care reform. Or maybe he's 
referring to the president's bril-
liant foreign policy - such as 
bombing pharmaceutical firms in 
Afghanistan and firing upon resi-
dential areas in Iraq. The fact of 
the matter is that Presi.dent 
Clinton is the least consequential 
president since Coolidge. And if 
you want to talk legacies, felo-
nious conduct in the White House 
will be Clinton·s. 

Fletcher Pickett 

COv .... of Project 
~theBest 
EdItor: 

I want to compliment Eric 
Brace on his anicle on' the 
International Thermonuclear 
Experimental Reactor (ITER) pro-
ject in the Jan. 21 issue of the 
Guardian ("UCSO's Participation 
in Fusion Project Cut Shan"). This 
is a complex topic and he covered 
it well in t.he anicle. I have dealt 
with the national media many time~ 
regarding ITER and Brace's cover-
age was among the best. 

Charles C. Baker 
ITER U.s, Home Tam 

Leader 
Adjunct Professor, AMES 

UCSD GUARDIAN 
·,.,ONDAYS II 
THURSDAt; 

••••••• I •• • •••• •• •••••• • 

Monday, February I, 1999 

COUNCIL: Ru 
and Leventhal made 
some amendments 

ment to the constitution which 
would still add 10 new senators but 
hreak them down in the following 
manner: one transfer student sena-

The UCSD Guardian 

"M, ..... from ...... 
.. to ••• put tid. on 
.... ballot. The 

tor, one commuler senator, one on- ....... 
COpt'"110' ......... 1 campus resident senator and seven 8 alii ......... 
have required that the pmident and senators from $luclenl organiza- III • IIIIIIIc fonHn. I 
vice presidents run together IS pan tions. The SCIIIIors weuld be cho- ......... III ~_'.i ' 
of a single ticket. sen from Greek. re~ ... i.~···""" - ......... 

Due to the fact that many cou~ .• " .FF.fe!l!l~r· se"rvice, cultural this conatItutIon ..... 
. cil me!Jlb;ca. .k;.~~ . Uverit!ial and political student organizalions. I truly tllllIk M'. the . 
amended the COflSlllullon to stnke Ru's amendment passed. 
that clause and instead allow exec- McKoon also offered an ..... till., for the 
ulives to run independently of each amendment. The proposed consti- student body." 
other. tution had called for the appoint- _ Joe uventlull 

Another aspc<;t of the proposed ment of 15 directors by one of the 
constitulion that raised controversy vice presidents in consultation A.S. President 

was the addition of five senators 10 with the president. The directors tion should be set up," Leventhal 
, ..... ... _ . ... ,. represent students 4181Rf1US~idc. and would ~ke the place of current said. "I think that specifics such as 

-'tIeIIIt'8rI .. · , . ,~ ~, 1;gmp1lssloners. linam:es and elections should have 
organizations. Vice President McK;X;ri 'satatliarlfr~·""'''''·.u,n ••• -Qj'.JI)IJa~,:: '.', ... ' ,,_. 
Internal Kim McKoon and other consultatIOn" were ambiguous and Ru said that because' of the 
members .of the A.S . Council that having the president involved .importance of the lee, he believes it 
opposed thiS plan. in the appointment of directors cre- should be in the constitution, which 

McKoon said that ' the studenr -ared more of a "bureaucraiic' is less likely to change than the 
organization senators would mess." bylaws. 
encourage block voting and heavily McKoon's amendment,to strike Revelle Junior Senator Casey 
favor larger student organizations, the words "in consultation with the Lushn said he voted for the 
which have up to 750 members. president" and allow the vice-pres- amended constitution because he 

Leventhal had previously said idents to make appointments them- thought the proposed form of gov-
Ihac the addition of these senators selves with senate approval. ernment would improve the way 
would add a new dynamic to Ihe passed. the A.S. Council functions, espe-
A.S. Council. McKoon also said that he dally with the addition of more 

Commissioner of Academic objected to the omission of a con- checks and balances. 
Affairs Doc Khaleghi said thai stitulional lock-in fee in lhe consti- "I supported the constitution 
allhough he was at first unsure tution. because I think it's very good for 
about adding senators to represenl A constitutional lock-in fee A.S .... Luskin said. ''The checks 
student organizations. he had lhor- allows siudent organizations to and balances system goes right 
oughly investigated the issue and place a referendum on the ballot to along with the fair and democratic 
feels that although the outcome is raise sludent fees so that the por- government that we want to have." 
unprediClable, the A.S. Council tion raised could go directly to the Luskin said that he agreed with 
will probably end up represenling a organizalion every quaner. Leventhal's and Ru's amendments. 
much larger con$liluency with the Leventhal said that lhe constitu- "Personally. I wasn't ready to 
new senators. tional lock-in fee belongs in the suppon it lhe way it was [original-

Vice President Finance Pat Ru, bylaws instead of the constitution. Iy presented]," Luskin said. "The 
who co-authored the constitution "We [McKoon and 11 differ in two changes that I wanted tu see 
with Leventhal. offered an amend- philosophy as to how the constitu- made were made. As far as I was 

NEWS 7 

concerned, I wa~ happy with felt very rushed . That 's not fair III 
eve".t~ elM .ia, lllc con~titu- council memhers as well a~ 
tion." . mysetr.' 

Muir Junior Senator Jennifer Leventhal said that he believe~ 
Lee said she opposed the constitu- scare tactiCi 11 •• Met1'~y those 
lion because she thou..., ••• "~posing the constitution 
~Wft rosl'leil. . Wednesday night to encourage 

"The whole ordeal with the con- council members to vote against 
stitution made a bold statement: the proposed constitutIOn. 
The constitution is not ready to he "The people who didn't support 
rushed and passed," Lee said. "We it used scare tactics to convince 
need a constitutional convention others in council not to support it," 
with everybody included." Leventhal said. "The discussion on 

Leventhal said that a constitu- Wednesday night centered around 
tional convention that included whether or not the process was 
everyone would be impractical. being rushed. 

"Looking at the fiasco that hap- "I b:.:!ieve each member came 
pened Wednesday night ... I can't into the meeting with suflkiellt 
imagine what would happen of we information to take a stand on the 
started from scratch." Leventhal issue" he added. 

.' s~!d ; :'.lf you involve too many peo- Leventhal said that since the 
pie and start' fruITi' s:cl".ireff; ''Yt1tr:ne '' ~-·WD.JM-1iL P'~.~ . 
not going to get anywhere." the A.S. Council three weeks ago." 

_ McKoon said_ that . a constitu- council mambers have had ample 
tionlll convention similar to the one time to review the constitution. 
that the United States used could "It's ridiculous to think that 
help to work out errors in the cur- members of council do not have the 
rent and proposed constitutions. ability to discuss and analyze Ithe . 

"If we are going to have a new constitution] in three weeks." 
constitution, let's have a constitu- Leventhal said. "Ideally they could 
tional convention," McKoon said. have months and months and 
"I think we can rewrite it." months but we don't have that lux-

Lee said she did not feel com- ury. 
fortable passing the constitution. "Maybe I am asking them to put 

"Some things are wrong with in a Iiule more time than they nor-
it," Lee said. "It is not a perfect mally do for A.S., but I don'tthink 
constitution. If you pass something it is unrealistic," he added. 
you are not 100 pereent sure of. Leventhal added that he began 
you are passing an iffy constitu- analyzing the constitution two 
tion." years ago when he worked as an 

McKoon said that he telt the assistant for former A.S. President 
process of passing the constitution Coleen Sabatini. 
was nished. "This constitution has been 

"I felt that for something as big over a two-year process," 
as a whole new constitution, we Leventhal said. "It·s not as if it 's 
should not be pressed for time in something that just popped out of 
passing it," McKoon later said. "I the blue." 

Work to Increas·e 
Academic Achievement 

Earn $500 Per Quarter 
Tutoring K-6th Grade students .for 

two 3 hour shifts per week. 
Receive training from 

professional educators. 
Utilize curriculum databases 

and software programs aligned 
with state and local teaching curricula. 

Flexible 'Hoursl Contact Courtnay 
Slabaugh (cslabaugiucsd.edu) at 

the Teacher EducationProgram (TEP) 

Ink smudge ,on page 



X CALENDAR 

FINE ARTS 
• ioehn. an + deSIQll + illustratIOn featurll'og the work of Joe Pan 
and John Barber. February 1·5 n the MIndevIIIe Anl'lll Gallery. 
t2·5p.m. Artists' ReceptIOn February 4, Thursday, 7:30p.m 

ACADE~CSERV1CES 
Ongoing 

• Where will you be in the yur 20001 The Programs Abroad 
Olilce offers ongoing adviSing for students Inleresled In studying 
abload. Come VISit our offICe In the InlernatlOnal Center or call 
534· 1 123 to make an appo,nlment. 

HEALTH & FITNESS 
Ongoing 

• Individual Fitness Assessment- at RIMAC every Mon & Wed, 
5·8pm Walk In to the Wellness Room. 2nd foor A FREE student 
servrce provided by Student Heanh Advocatesl Call 534-2419 for 
more Infol 
• HEADACHES!!! Who needs 'ern? ViSit the Headache Clinic at 
Student Heanh and get helpl No charge to registered students 
Call 534·8089 lor your apPOintment 
• Sludent Health IS here for YOUI We're a full servICe clinIC open 
to All registered students You don't need heahh Insurance to 
use our servlCesl Apporntmenls for phYSICian VISitS and specially 
clinICS - call 534-8089. Walk 10 10 Urgem Care weekdays 8am· 
4 30pm (Wed 9-4'3Opm) 

• Concerned about the ENlrtROINMIENT 
hungry? Save endangered I 
Mondays al 5:30p.m. 10 the old 
from Sell Reserves 
• TIbIe Tennil Club 0 UCSD. 

Thc UCSD Guardian Monday, February I, 1999 

up wifllIIllcohoIic puIIn hu IIecIId their ..,. MI. TopICS 10 
be CCMIIIId incIudI ~ c¥IIIfticI nI .... heIIII¥ reIIIian-
IhipI nll1IinIcy .... ...-..n. nllIcohoIiIm. lId~~ Emily 
Mc:GraIh andAlcaholIllCl SIaIIncI "'" CounMIora ..... Emily 
II 534-5981 lor inIormIIian 11110 • up. 

OngoIng .. lllln .... 
'12·1 p.m. Women'. CenIer, 412 ~ CenIer.1'IIInIIng 
IIupporI 0.0. This PIP wi 0lil1 IonJn lor pnrU 10 get 
1OgIIheI, share Ind 111m lrom IIICh allier as we naviglle IogeIher 
!he deI~uI and I'll not so placid WII8II 01 jJII8nthood. led by 
Aetna JUirez, 534-3875, and./erly Phelps, 822·2614. Cd Reina 
or Jelry lor informalion and 10 sigI up 101 !he group. 

·2: 3().4 :3Op.m . Ha"DomeLounge,MulrCollege.~ 
Support Group. Falmly, parents, economics, lriend&,teIaIJonIltps, 
cuftule and academics - an lheaallhemes lIe explore loward 
the goal of gradUlllOll lrom UCSO. Led by Reina Juarez, 534-
3875. and Dan Munoz, 534-0251. Call for tnOIe lI'IformatlOll. 
• 3:3().5:3O p.m. Women's Cente<, 412 Universily Center. Gr-.. 
... W_'I Group: A yeal'tong It18fapy group. Typcallhemes 
(gene<ated by the membels) IIldude academ1Clptl0l8SSlOl1811den· 
tily, dealing WIth mURIpie roles, mantallllnll'omanllc relallOllslllps, 
and plO\IldIng care for self. led by Equila luke, 534-0248 and 
Chrostoe Fukunaga, 534·5989. Meets Wednesdays 3:3().5:3Op.m. 
Call Equlla or Cl\nstie lor a pre-group appootment. 
• 4·5 p.m. Thurgood Marshal College Dean's Confelence Room. 
Stress Management Skils: A six session, personalized WOIkshop 

that will teach you &peelIic IkiIII to cope WIth 
stIess, including teIuIIlon t .. ,Ii'ne maro-

S V J b. 8£ A A'~~. pnenl. and .SI8IMneas::.t.: by Jeny ;~~~~~~~~~~ ____ ~~_~_~D~H~N~~~~~~~ __ ~_~~822~4CdJenyIor~orto 
• • up. 

• 4:30-6 p.m. 242 Sociat Sclencel Building. 
Graduate Men'11nd Women .. Group: ThiI qroup 
Is lor grIduIIIltudlnll who lit inIInIIIId II ex· 

pIorIIg~~II' 
_lIICIpersonaJ cancema. (A IICOI1dgroup .. 

• Emergency ConlrlCeplion. annual exams, A all 0 A AL F AI l E. STO tests,preglancytests, blnhcontrolprescnp- ,.,,, ,. 
tlO/'oS, & health educallon • all at Women's ClinIC, 
Student Health. Call 534·8089 for appl. Com-
pletely confidential - alwaysl 
• Annonymoul HtV lilting at Siudent Health! 
Wall< In to srgn up at the Health Annex, first lloor. 
$10 charge IOcludes pre- and post· counselll'og. 
OuestlO/'os? Call a heaHh educator at 534·24 19. 
• FIN ChoIntIrol Tilling at Student Health • 
slQll up at the Iwst floor bulletn board for your 
appoontmenl. 
• Don' Go lII .. o-t AI least not IMlIj you've 
had your Hepat.is A shoIs! 1I you sun or SWlfTl in 
the ocean, consider mmunrzatlOlls to prOCec1 
your hBlRh. Two shots • 6 months apart • $60 
each. Walt in to Studenl HeaRh M·F 8·11 am; 
Wed. 9-t1am. 
• Student Health Advocate prO\lide "'" EcIu-
calion .....- on Nutrition, HIV, Fnness, 
Stress & other topiCs, at your res hall or sludent 
org meetings! Call 534-2419 for info on these 
FREE programs! 
• LIM Coat PIwmIcy. Over-lhe-counte< rtems 
(cold medicines. antactds, blndalds, Yllamll'os, 
skin care products, sunscreen, contraceptIVe 
products, contact lens Products. sic.) aN at dIS' 
count pncesllocated n the lirst lloor of Student 
Health. Open M·F 8am·~:3Opm , Wed. 9am· 
4'3Opm 
• CPR Ind Firat Aid c-.. at Studenl Healthl 
Classes held at Student Health ·Iaught by Amen· 
can Red Cross-certlfoed Instructors. Take Com· 
mul'olty CPR, Standard Fllst Aid (With Relerence 
Book) • all for 525.001 Srgn up soon • classes fill 
up qUlcklyl Come to 2nd foor of Student Hea~h 
Center, or e·mall pgrrllo@ucsd.edu 10 srgn up. 
• FREE Nutrition CClUnMling at Student Health

' Make your appo,nlment today! Call 534·8089. 
• Need CONDOMS???? Get 'em cheap at the 
Student Hea~h Pharmacy. 
• Get Publilhed! Health Beat IS a student pub-
IlCatlOIllocusrng on heatth ISSueS. AddrtlOl18l staff 
are being recruited. AnlCles now being accepted 
· e-mail the editor at heahhbeat@ucsd.edu 
• A-C-N-E IS a four lener wordl Cure rt at Stu· 
dent Hea.h. CaK 534·8089 and make an appoont· 
ment at the Derm ChnlCl 

CLUBS & MEETINGS ~ 
Monday, February ht 

• Make a dlfferencel Come to Communhy Out· 
relfh Ellort (CORE) meeting 10nlght at 6:30 In 
Ihe Pepper Canyon lodge. Meel people. have 
fun, discover ways to get Involved In 

Tuesday, February 
• Come learn where your parking feel 
millee for parking and Transportation I 
of the 'Master Plan" lor parking and I 
Student Cenler N Conf. Room. 

Wednesday, 
• UCSD Scuba Club meeling. 
room learn about upcoming 
buddies All dIVers or potential 

Thursday, 

MO_At: "It WtklJ fief 6, 
WiJf .' wr ll f.,."". bttw"J,. 
.. Y"'. ~. "",,".F .. ,," j,.dlv;~ ... 1 jlAJt ~ tIIIr .,,,,IJ 
tift fi~f rill" ;ftlt,.~"tJ 
t. • ,f.; 14 ..,; tit. "',,"c" 
t-. ,1.,," 

• dllllrenllinI iI aIIoforming. Cal 534-3755 lor 
iIIoImIIian.) Led by MIriIm IoIIIpoItici. 5344255 
Ind RaIl MIIMwI. 53442S2. Cal RaIl Of IotiiIm 
1or.IJI8'9OUP~bllcnOlllllilgIo" 
gIOup. 

~,.....,. 
• 12:3().2 p.m. 242 SociII sa.-~. SeuI A-* ~ GIIIIIp: In .... _ 

~ Ilia gIUIIII wi look .. how .. .... 
__ (filii and ""-fIIII) canlinulllo II· 
~~q~~~~ 
NlncVI1I....., ~ ......... 
• 2:30-4 p.m. 242 Soc:iII sa.-:1.i 
CIIIIftII " AIcaIIIIIce ....... a..,: ThiI iI • ..., ~ lor IIudInII 
'-'*'uplll.,..,.IIIcofIaI ..... 1IICI 
.... 10 .. tnu;I IJIIIOIIII"'" Prior IncI-
viMII ..... orfaup'*IPYiI--*I. 
lid ." Emir McGniI1. Cal EmIr. 534-S8Il1or 
• ~ appaiIMIenI belen comiIg 10 .. faup. 

Ongaint FridIp 
'1()'11:30 A.M. ~ !IIIInI ~ 
Or...,: led ." ReIna Jua/ez, 534-»75, .nd 
Mary WoiIke, $34-5905. Cal Mary or AlinlIo 
• up I11C1IO obIaiIlhelocalion. 
'12·1:30 p.m. 242 Social Science 1IIriIding. 
Wllll'1'loft Got To Do WIllI 11 Am I gIIIing 
too Involved 100 quW(l WIly iI • 10 I1Ird to 
IIUSI hiImIr? Am I rIpIIIIllIg the _ cIesIruc· 
live pl\llms7 00 ~ny 0I1he1e queIIions IOUnd 
IIIIIIIiIr? These and many OCher IOpicI are dis· 
cussed in Ihis coed group lor gr.ds and 
U/IdeItIIIdS. Led by l.iIda YOIrIg. 534-.7. Fro-
dayI f2·1:3O p.m. Students IhouId caIIl.iIda 10 
• up. 
0/ 3-4:30 p.m. Eat~, IIody Image, and AIIa1Jon. 
ships: This groups IS lor _ who hlbilually 
die!. bilge, and purge. The locus wi be on ex· 
pIotilg iie ~ _ ('" eItIem, etal) 
relaled 10 .. ~ willi food. led by 
IIMItt Mc:CI8ary, 534-3585. and Maty WoiIke, 

534-~. can 8ev or MaIy to 191 up lor the 
group and to obtain the location. 
• 12·1 :30 p.m. Cross CuIunIl CenI8f. Asia·Amari-
can Community Forum: This inlonnal drop-1I'o 

to address the concern. 01 AslaniPaahc Is· 
II a suppoI1welllCl problem soIYng at· 

career and acadeIfIic 1UCC8SS. farmty 
and relatlOllShiplll8 poadlIe topics. 

led by Jeanne MIMM, 534-3035, 

Muw College. Alcohol and Sub-
"you ever hive ever lilted your. 
.. ..... 7", then !*flaps you are 

Dan Munoz, 534-0251 and 
822-2614. 

UrriverIiIy CtnIIr. e-
n iI .. 1nIor!M. auppor. 

where we irMIe open 
IIICIcctnClllllonany 
oIpaopItIoIAIncan 

Fridayl4:~.m. 

Monday, February I, 1999 The UCSD Guardian FEATURES 9 

Julius Choi/Guardian 
....... Muir junior Emily Loos shows off her tongue piercing. These usually heal very quickly. are easily hidden and leave no scarring when removed . 

don't try this at !wme 

Body piercing is an art fonn older than many modem day religions. In the past four years there has been a resurgence in the number of people obJaining pierces, talloos, scarification. mendhi henna talloos and other body modifica· 
tions. Much of this trend can be attributed to increased 
exposure to piercing by mainstream rock stars and the 
fashion industry, and increased exposure of subculture ten-
dencies by mainstream culture. 

This resurgence' is creating a new socialization of body 
piercing. 

Gahdi, owner of Mastodon in Pacific Beach, says that 
to call body piercing trendy is cliche. 

"It's now mainstay in westem sociely," Gahdi said. "I 
don't think people get their hair cut, colored, or their 
breasts done because it's trendy. It's now a common occur-
rence." 

There are different opinions about piercing, however. 
Richard Brockway, a 141100 anist at The Talloo Gallery, 
says that society doesn't regard bolIy modification as an 
acceptable mean of self expression, and therefore there is 
a subculture of people who subscribe to it. 

"We don't like anyone taking too close a look," Breck-
See PBCmt, Page 10 

Usa Huff/Guardian 
.... eIry: Organic materials for assorted jewelry can 
include porcupine quills and fossilized mammoth tusks. 

Story by Jessica Scheppmann, Features Editor 



Julius Cool/ Guardian 
C .... Up: Tongue piercings can be dangerous to dental work 
so after the initial pierce, use a shorter bar to prevent damage . 

PIERCED: 
Naval piercings are 
most common 

have originated in Egypt, and 
were reserved for members of the 
priesthood and the royal line. 
Currently, naval piercings are one 
of the most common body pierc-
ings. though nipple piercings are 
growing in popUlarity. 
-,...... .......... 

CoIItIftued froIII ..... t 
way said. "Leave us alone, let us 
do our thing. Even though we are 
law abiding citizens. I like the 
lifestyle. We take care of our own. 
We're just like regular people." 
........... ced 

There are many reasons 
besides aesthetics that people get 
piercings. Sander Thomas. author 
of Body Piercing: Reclamation, 
Enhancement, and Self-Expres-
sion. writes that body piercing is 
very healing. 

In 19!!5, Piercing Fans Inter-
national Quarterly (PFIQ) con-
ducted a survey of its readers to 
get a feel for the type of people 
obtaining piercings. According to 
the statistics the magazine gath-
ered. IB percent of the people 
pierced had attended college. 24 
percent had college degrees and 
33 percent of those people had 
gone on to postgraduate study. 

"Body piercing is a healthy 
activity," states Thomas. "It is an 
act of defiance. of self expression. 
It has helped many people recov-
er from sexual abuse by reclaim-
ing their bodies through piercing. 
It is a means of elevating one's 
sexual stimulation. It is the act of 
adorning and beautifying the 
body. which heightens one's self 
image. Unfortunately. body pierc-
ing is viewed by many as a self-
destructive activity." 

The results also showed that 
93 percent of the respondents 
were Caucasian. The magazine 
concluded that many of its sub-
scribers were members of the 
'white middle class: who suppos-
edly were the people stigmatizing 
piercings. 

In the past 14 years. body 
modification has grown substan-
tially into mainstream culture. 
and now everyone from high 
chool students. 10 experimental 

college students. \0 older people 
looking to add a little excitement 
to their lives arc obtaining pierc-
ings. 
History 

Hislorically, piercings have 
been done for reasons including 
religion. ritual. sexual pleasure, 
rite of passage and social mark-
ing. 

In Roman cultures. nipple 
piercings were used as a mark of 
bravery and also had a functional 
purpose for attaching cloaks. 
They were seen as a sign of alle-
giance by Caesar's Pretorian 
Guard. and were either heavy 
pieces of metal armor or tough-
ened leather. 

The Karma Sutra refers to a 
genital piercing called the 
apadravya. A book titled Eye of 
the Needle states that other geni-
tal piercings originated in Bor-
neo, and are associated with the 
Dyak tribe. 

Piercings have also been used 
as status indicators and as protec-
lion. The Carara Indians of South 
America use lower lip piercings 
to indicate that they are in the 
prime of their life. Similar pierc-
ings are performed in Africa. 
where women stretch their lips to 
huge sizes. This custom has been 
associated with practices used to 
discourage slave trading. 

Naval piercings are said to 

Some women have obtained 
nipple piercings after undergoing 
mastectomies as a way to increase 
sensation in the breast after such a 
Iraumatil: surgery. Piercings 
acquired in this manner can also 
encourage emotional healing. 

Piercings as a rite of passage 
or a mark of membership are also 
common. Often people will get 
them to mark a specific event, 
such as graduation. overcoming 
an illness or 'getting out of an abu-
sive relationship. These piercings 
are a way for people to mark 
themselves and reclaim identity 
and ownership. Groups of people 
will sometimes get matching 
adornments as a testimonial to 
their faith and commitment to 
each other. 

Body piercing is also seen as a 
way of enhancing one's physical 
appearance. enhancing individu-
ality and rebelling against main-
stream standards. 
Body .... cInC ....... w*' 

First time piercees should 
know that not all jewelry is appro-
priate. An information brochure 
put out by Association of Profes-
sional Piercers (APP) states that 
new body piercings are very sen-
sitive to the materials placed in 
them. Therefore, jewelry made of 
silver. copper, brass or plastics 
should never be used in fresh 
piercings. APP recommends 
using I !!-karat gold. certified sur-
gical steel. niobium or titanium 
jewelry that has been autoclaved. 

The size of the jewelry is also 
important to the body's healing 
process. A two-gauge stud is very 
thick. while a 20-gauge stud is 

See PIIIICID, Page 12 

1 
5 
9 
15 
19 
20 
22 2a 
26 
27 
28 
29 
31 
32 
34 
36 
38 
44 
45 
46 
47 
48 
51 
52 
53 
54 
56 

' 60 
61 
63 
64 
65 
66 
67 
69 
70 
71 
72 
73 
74 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, February I, 1999 

CROSSWORD By Bill Swain 

Tarwy 
Scruff 
1997 2GCame winner Denny 
Manchurian border river 
WlIShirwton bills 
Greek philosopher, Zeno ot 
Luzon Island battle site 
1960 Etta J_ hit 
Arabian lUltanllie 
H. H\CheS' airline 

~ 
Rock female 
Grade-8 western 
Garwster', eun 
Le&aI code ot the Franks 
191'5 Fr-*le VIlli hit 
Routine <My 
ThIrOiIarty contract 
Persia, today 
Made useless 
~SCh. See-ya. 
_I<hawam 
Add up 
"The Asphalt Juncte" star Sterllrw 
1962 Ouprees hit 
Actor Oavis 
Burns with IIIIht 
Millennia 
Opposite 01 masc. 
eupbrims 
Bridge positions 
Make ~ustments 
SuperfiCially nuent 
Grand _ OIllY 
Training rooms 
Watered silk 
Rock 
1969 Stevie Wonder hit 

78 USed a strainer 
79 Ancient reaton In Alii Minor 
80 Ship's POSt tor securirw ropes 
81 ~sMlrown wood 
83 tIeIIeY InCI Wynn 
84 River ot BrIIlSl'l Columbia 
86 Persiln talry 
87 Method at votlrw 
90 1995 Paula AbdUl hit 95 Lenin's first _ 
97 "St. Trek" mr .. 
98 ~sers ot "The NImi_ of Pluto-
99 German .tIcIe 
100 Ajlpetlzer 
103 Drematlst Ibsen 
107 Uncooked 
108 1.88, bfIeIIy 
110 1959 Tommy Edw.ds hit 
113 Continuously 
114 f'eqjstent her_ 
115 Beech or bIrcII 
116~1dcI 
117 SI10p 
118 Wllitirw to blli 
119 Droops 
120 Play lead 

DOMe 
1 Small drum 
2 Reprdless 
3 Estimate a MW ICe 
4 Halt ally? 
5 Roman llespot 
6 Actor 8a1dw1n 
7 Mexican coin 
8 Accept humiliation 
9 Cacers' ore. 
10 Justice Warren 
11 Gudrun's victim 
12 Makes up around 

13 Martin of "MisSIOn: Impossible" 
14 Actress Geariia 
15 Commotion 
16 1974 Bobby Vinton hit 
17 ObIMous 
18 Restored 
24 PIItrOka' p--,:r 
25 Portal 
30 Kidman IrId Bobeck 
33 CBS toao 
35 Satellite ot mars 
37 Ice 
39 GMt a ClnCIHMtr 
40 WIII-honed skill 

:~ =letters 
43 Tall tale 
47 erIC about 
48 WrIter Asch 
49 WIth no _at 
50 1968~hlt 
52 Law court openirw word: var. 
53 RiurlltiVe use of a word 
55 Opposite of: pret. 
56 CO Clock Mltlrw 
57 Glum drop? 
58 Reticulllied 
59 Encloses snUJIY 
61 Female vlrnPlre 
62 African lox 
66 lcelancllc currency unit 
67 qUIt in Paris 
68 N.l. w. or S 
69 Phone co. 
71 Prescription option 
72 c-. 
73 Helicopter Inwntor 
75 Wlliered (a lawn) 
76 Eve's son 
77 SpenjSl'l painter 
78 Pasolini movie 
81 llniv. traiMeS 
82 . MIIChiewua 'airy 
84 ~ a """"1Iiure 85 P ... I .. 
86 PI\ar8Oh', tomb 
87 Cuts In hilt 
88 PI_ IboIa Capote 
90 Minimum at ten Jews tor worship 
91 Of I people: pret. 
92 TotIIIy CIIIIlvIte<I 
93 "-lIn GiM IIIIfIinsuII 
94 AIIomey 
96 I.AItln AmericIn dInce 
101 SneIky iI1f? 
102 Power current: Ibbr. 
104 A!ICirw ora. 
105 "Pertornwa" director Nicola 
106 French IIIInds 
109 lInI<I 
111 ~'. vessel 112 DereI< InCI JICkSon 

COMPLIMENTARY PASSES 
I \ ( :' "i \ I I 't I I \:\ \ \ \ I I : I \" ! \ I I \ I '" I " \:! \!, ! , ' 

WHEN AND WHERE. 
February 4 

AMC LaJoIla 12 

WHAT. 
Cardmembers gel bm 
comptimenta/y passes to 
a preview screening of 
Universal Pictures' new film 
Blast From The Past to 'be 
released February 12th. 

HOW. 
Just bring your American 

E~ Card and your 
student 10 to the location 
lilted below to pick up your 
paaaes. 

SPECIAL OFFER 
JUST FOR APPLVING. 

Receive 2 complimentary 
paaaes when you ~ for 
THE American Expresa 
Credit Card for Students 
(stop by the location lilted 
below). 

MORE TO COME" 
Blast From The Pat is one 
in • aeries of three major 
motion piclureIlO be pre-
viewed on your campus this 
v-r, compIimenla of 
AmerIcan Exprese. 

PICK UP YOUR TICKETI HIRE. 

. University Bookstore 
The Price Center 

~1-4 

-------~- -
... " t 

-

Monday, February I, 1999 

LINDA C. BLACK 
Tribu1le Media Seroices 

The sun is in Aquarius, the sign 
of scientific inquiry. all this week. 
Aquarius is the Inventor. as well as 
the most thorough scholar in the 
zodiac. Aquarians love doing the 
homework. With Neptune, Mer-
cury and Uranus all in Aquarius 
this week too, some of that passion 
could rub off on the rest of us. 
Speaking of passion. Venus. for 
love, is in Pisces right now. and 
Jupiter is there, too. Both are sup-
posed to brinl lood luck. and in 
combination they milht also spark 
a few mincles. So although there's 
a lot of rationalization going on, the 
emotions may triumph anyway. 
Saturn in Aries continues to teach 
us to manage our impulses and 
Mars in Scorpio helps us become 
strategists. Pluto in Sagittarius con-
tinues to reveal secrets. whether we 
want to hear them or not. The truth 
will get out. and it's up to us to 
make sure we learn from it. That 
should be easy on Monday, a~ the 
moon's transit through Leo brings a 
playful quality to the proceedings. 
On Tuesday and Wednesday. the 
moon in Virgo helps us strive for 

The UCSD Guardian FEATURES II 

HOROSCOPES ' 
perfection and virtue. From thurs-
day into Saturday, the moon in 
Libra calms the warring factions 
and helps them reach a compro-
mise. If that's what you want, bet-
ter hurry, because by Sunday the 
moon will be in Scorpio. Decisions 
made then will be harder to change 
later. 

ARIES 
March 21 - April 19 

If you have the urge to be 
impetuous Monday, curb it. Your 
lesson to be learned right now has 
more to do with structure. disci-
pline and t>bedience. Make sure 
everything is spit and polish on 
Tuesday and Wednesday. There 
will be' an inspection. you can bet 
on that. Thursday and Friday. nego-
tiations are underway to settle an 
old argument. Stand uP. for what's 
most impon&nt. but let the rest 80. 
By the weekend. you should be 
about ready to settle into a routine. 
Start new. healthier habits then. 
too. They'll stick. 

TAURUS 
April 20 - May 20 

An initial resistance should fade 
as the week continues. so don't 
take no for an answer Monday, 
especially if it's the first answer 
you get. There's still a lot of con-
troversy going on, but you should 
be able to find a way through it. 
Somebody you love, or a small 
child. possibly the same person. 
will lead you. This could be a per-
son who acts like a small child 
from time to time, especially in pri-
vate, in your presence. That's one 
of the things that's so endearing 

about thi s relationship. Besides 
that, it looks like you ' re scheduled 
to get a lucky break later on. An 
older person. most likely someone 
you admire - although he or she is 
a lillie strange - could come 
through for you unexpectedly. B\? 
extra nice to a person like that. 

GEMINI 
May 21 -June 21 

You should be in a relatively 
scholarly frame of mind on Mon-
day. Odds are good that whatever 
you're thinking about doing is not 
going to be easy. but it is going to 
be possible. Tuesday and Wednes-
day are confusing sometimes, but 
certainly interesting. Pay a~tention 
to the details and stay well orga-
nized. and you' ll be able to 
accomplish quite a lot. Thursday 
and Friday are much better for 
romance than just about anything. 
Schedule your dates and meaning-
ful conversations for then . The 
weekend looks like it could be 
quite busy. If you're going to trav-
el, go Friday night, so you're back 
by Sunday. You'll be wise to stay 
put then. 

CANCER 
june 22 - july 22 

You're hilling a bit of a tailwind 
on Monday concerning your career. 
A dear friend could give you a push 
in the right direction. You'd never 
ask for it, of course, but you might 
as well accept it if it's there. Tues-
day and Wednesday are both excel-
lent for launching a study program. 
If the local school doesn't have 
what you want, design your own. 
Fix up your house on Thursday, so 

if company drops in Friday. it won't 
be a problem. Romance looks 
excellent from Saturday night 
through Sunday. An unusual but 
solid commitment i~ quite possible. 

LEO 
./I/~y 23 - AI/g . 22 

You ' re strong most of Monday. 
and that 's good, because you ' re 
facing some tough competition. 
Get your finances into order on 
Tuesday and Wednesday, so you'll 
know how much you can afford to 
spend by Thursday. Looks like 
there's something you could invest 
in that day or Friday that would 
improve your chances of success. 
You want to make sure you get the 
right one, however. This would he a 
great weekend for staying home 
and cleaning out the closets. You'll 
be in the mood to throw stuff out, 

_ and get new. 
VIRGO 

Aug. 23 - Sept. 22 
Yqur workload is intense Mon-

day. That's because somebody is 
pressuring you to get this job done. 
Tuesday and Wednesday, you'll be 
much stronger with the moon in 
your sign. You'll still have to crank 
to keep up with the workload, but it 
should be easier. The money does-
n't start coming in until around 
Thursday or Friday. By the week-
end, you should have enough to 
spend on a treat for yourself. Edu-
cational materials are your best 
investment. 

LIBRA 
Sept. 23 - Oct. 22 

There will be a lot of competi-
tion for your time Monday. How 

I,'t;pii/mnirtg 
Mu ttmsm if THE PRINCETON REV1EW 
, , 

about delegating some of your 
responsibilities? Tuesday and 
Wednesday the pressure is intense. 
Keep most of what you know to 
yourscif those days. Idle gossip 
could be damaging. Thursday and 
Friday. you ' re niuch stronger. and 
you' re in a beller position to nego-
tiate. You ' re more likely 10 get 
what you want those days. Satur-
day and Sunday are good for buy-
ing and selling, not necessarily in 
that order. 

SCORPIO 
Oct. 24 - Nov. 21 

Monday could be frustrating . It 
looks like just about everybody 
wants to tell you what to do. The 
odds of your success improve on 
Tuesday and Wednesday. More 
people will be willing to go along 
with your suggestions then. which 
also improves your attitude. Thurs-
day and Friday are rather frustrat-
ing days. People will be hard-

. pressed to make decisions. You 
may have to step in and do that for 
them. On Saturday and Sunday, 
you'll be feeling slightly better as 
the moon goes into your·sign. Slick 
close to home this weekend. 
though. Looks like you'll have a 
house full of company. 

SAGITTARIUS 
Nov. 22 - Dec. 21 

There could be a light difference 
of opinion Monday between two 
people you respect and admire. You 
get to be the referee and help them 
to a compromise. On Tuesday and 
Wednesday, it's the little details 
that will help you advance in your 

See ~,Page 13 

THE 
PRINCETON 
REVIEW 

The Princeton Review and SOLO are hosting a seminar 
on Graduate Admissions Test Strategies as part of the 
Passport To Leadership series" Come learn about the 
GRE, LSAT, MCAT, GMAT and OAT. 

Come and Learn More About the First Impor-
tant Step Toward Graduate-School Admission: 

STANDARDIZED TESTS 



I 
~ 
I 

12 FEATURES 

PIERCED: 
Skill of piercer 
linked to infection 
Continued from ..... 10 
very thin. Although it may sound 
less painful. a thin wire is not 
advisable for an .initial piercing 
because the body will not know 
whethcr to acccpt or rcject it. 
Strctching is also commonly donc 
by people who have becn pierced, 
but thi s sbould be done slowly to 
avoid a build-up of scar tissuc or 
potential damage to sensitivc body 
parts. 

Additionally. many people arc 
moving toward thc use of natural 
materials in picrcings that have 
already healed. Gahdi se lls an 
cxten ive selection of natural jew-
elry. including fossihled mammoth 
tusks. coconut wood and porcupinc 
quills that are used as adommcnts 
during ritual. 

The best advice is to consult a 
well-trained piercing professional 
to help you select the type of jewel-
ry that best fits your needs. 

The types of pierclllgs that can 
be obtamed are extensive. accord-
ing to the ski ll level of the piercer. 
People can choose to pierce every-
thing from their navel. nipple. 
tongue. nose. eyebrow. check. 
labret (chin). septum, frenulum and 
lip. 

An Earl is a piercing between 
the eyebrows. ahove the nose. A 
Madison is a surface piercing that 
is done between the collar bones. 
Surface piercings take between live 
to seven months to heal, but can be 
done virtually anywhere on the 
body that the piercer and piercee 
deem appropriate. 

There arc also a variely of 
places on the ear that can bc 
pierced, however cartilage pierc-
ings are a littlc more painful thcn 
other types of tlesh piercings. 

Some people opt to get the skin 
bctween their fingers pierced, 
which is called a web piercing. 
This piercing is the least common, 
and often the most painful. It also 
has the highest rate of infection 
due to it's placement on the hand. 
Many piercers will not do it on a 
walk-in basis. tlr without a consul-
tation. 

Genital piercings have also 
become more commonplace as a 
way to enhance sexual pleasure. 
Clitoral piercings. clitoral hood 
piercings. inner labia and outer 
labia piercings can be performed 
on women. 

Additionally. the head of the 
penis can be pierced, as can the sur-
face skin along the shaft or strate-
gic points along the scrotum. Men 
report that a Prince Albert, a pierc-
ing of the penis through the urethra 

. that exits at the back of the glans, 
underneath and to one side of the 
frenum. enhances sexual stimula-
tion for both partners. 
Myths ..... Truths Auoc:I.t ... 
with PI .. c .... 

Keith Alexander, a writer in the 
piercing community and authority 
on APP guidelines, states that there 
are some universal truths about 
piercing. 

Alexander states that the body 
pans thaI ultimately give you the 
most pleasure are tbe ones that ini-
tially hurt the most when pienced. 

Furthermore, nipple piercings 
do not prevent a mother from being 
able to breast feed. if they are done 
properly. 

The UCSD Guardian 

A well-placed nipple ring will 
not pierce any milk ducts and never 
picrces the aureolc. A well-placed 
nipple ring should be at the base of 
an erect nipple. APP guidelines 
statc that mothers should remove 
their jewelry before breast fceding. 
Naval rings are also compatible 
with pregnancy, though each per-
son should use her own discretion 
to prevent excessive stretching. 

If an infection does occur, 
removing the jewelry can be the 
worst possible action because the 
injury will close up around the 
infection. The jewelry allows easy 
access for cleaning. If the infection 
becomes truly problematic, go see 
a doctor to prevent major damage. 

In terms of genital piercings and 
intercourse, barrier protection can 
become problematic. Never double 
up condoms in an effort to "double 
tbe protection." Rubbing rubber 
against rubber will only cause more 

- friction and damage to the condom. 
It is wisest to discuss contraceptive 
options with a trained piercer and a 
doctor to ensure adequate protec-
tion. 
How to Pick • Plercer 

After deciding to get a body 
piercing, tbe decision on whom to 
go with makes a big difference in 
whether or not a piercing will be 
successful. A successful pierce is 
accepted by the body. is attractive, 
isn't excessively painful and does-
n't get infected. Part of this is the 
responsibility of the piercee, but is 
also linked to the ski II of the person 
performing the procedure. 

Because there are no legal regu-
lations regarding whom can 
become a piercer, clients must be 
wary. Individual instinct will play 
into a potential customers comfort 

You are cordially invited 
.... ..... ... .......... ...................................................................................................................... 

to become a lawyer. 
Join us at our School 01 Law Open House 

on Saturday, February 13, 10:00 a.l. 
If you've ever thought about being a lawyer, 

think about attending our. Open House. 

You'll meet our faculty, our staff and our 

students, participate in a mock class, and attend 

information sessions on admissions, financial aid, 

y .. 1'", '"/0''''''''''' student life and career services. 0/0'" "no 
Scbool 0/ LAw h,IJ"J We're now accepting applications for Fall 

1999, so call us for more information or for a reservation . As 

IICHAPMAN H~!y~~~IJr important as your choice of law schools is , this is one 
invitation you should defi· SlIIIllltr clasStS. LlrJrr o~/IOf1Imilits. 

888-242-1913 
nitely accept . lawadm@chapman . edu 

SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 1 J, 1999, 10:00 A.M. 
HARD HAT TOURS IECIN AT 9 : JO A.M. 

Please make rcserv~tlons for our o~n house by Thursdily, February t I. 
Hard hat tours arc first come, f,rst served, and have I m~ximum of 40 guests . 

Chapman University, 333 N. Classell Street, Orlnge, CA 92866 

CNpm.n 5<hooI 01 low .......... ....,. ,II for ,he bo, In Iny ..... a. ....... Uomnlty\ School 01 low" ~II. ~ 
by the Amnian", Anoeillion Amt1ian .... AtIOdItion, 'SO Welt North Strut, I~/IN~. '17·264·1140 

Monday, February I, 1999 

Usa Huff/ GUllldlan 
StretcIIIIIC: Gahdi, owner of Mastodon in Pacific Beach, shows 
his stretched earlobes and personalized jewelry. 
level. So if the piercer does not 
seem sober, clean or knowledge-
able, look for someone else. 

An article in Prime magazine 
also warns piercees to beware. 

"Make sure they take the appro-
priate precautions for hygiene. 
Piercing is minor surgery. Check 
that there is an autoclave to steril-
ize everything, and Ihey use new 
needles [and] wear rubber gloves," 
the article stated. 

Alexander states that there are a 

few questions one should ask of 
people performing piercings: ask 
how they learned to pience, where, 
how many piercings they have 
done and if they are a member of 
APP. Ask to see their autoclave and 
ultrasonic cleaner. Ask to see the 
most recent results of the auto-
claves "spore" test. Autoclaves 
should be tested at least once a 
monlh for efficiency, and most ster-
ilization monitoring services issue 

See Placmt, Page 13 

FEB 
~-5 
~999 

[ j~J(hn 1 _. 
-
-

Monday, February I. 1999 

PIERCED: 
Inaccurate piercings 
cause scar tissue 
C .... t .... "..,...u 
participatory certificates. Always 
check the dates of results. Don'l 
be itfraid to ask, because a true pro 
will be pleased to know that you 
are knowledgeable and curious. 

Be sure piencers have written 
instructions regarding aftercare, 
and check to see if they have any 
media references or customer rec-
ommendations to which you can 
refer. The length of time that a 
shop has been in existence is also 
indicative of its client satisfaction. 

In order to discern between 
safe and unsafe piercers, do a little 
bit of research before submitting 
to the pierce. Ask to see photos of 
previous work, check to make 
sure that all tools and implements 
arc aUloclavcd before use and ask 
about the training they re~eived 
prior to becoming pien:ers. 

Corey Lolley, a pien:er at Mas-
!adon in Pacific Beach, says that 
most reputable piencers apprentice 
before publicizing themselves as 
qualified artists. Trial and error as 
a method of learning the trade is 
not appropriale. 

Gahdi says it's important for 
poccntial piercees to use common 
sense when choosing an establish-
ment. 

"Just do your homework," 
Gahdi said. "It's a common sense 
thing." 

A competent piercer can walk 
clients Ihough their insecurities, 
exercises caution for people who 
seem extremely agitated, is edu-
cated about the piercing they are 

doing, and will educate 
clients about proper 
aftercare and mainte· 
nance. 

D .......... 
...... 

Any and all infonna-
tion that can be obtained 
by piercing profession-
als emphalically warns 
against any piercer who 
uses a gun. A brochure 
put out by Body Accents 
in Indiana states thal 
piercing guns are 
extremely traumalic on 
the body and inaccurate. 

Aside from this, guns 
are also impossible to 
sanitize. which is dan-
gerous because of the 
micro-spray of particles 
of tissue and body Iluid 
that. cannot be effectively cleaned. 
This spray allows pathogens and 
viruses'to be spread from person 
to person. 

Be sure that your piercer has 
been properly trained. A fresh nee-
dle should be used lor each pienc-
ing. Piencing needles punch out a 
plug of flesh, rather then rip a hole 
though it, like a gun. Although this 
sounds worse, in the hands of a 
professional, it is a cleaner and 
less painful method. A needle cou-
pled with a autoclaved clamp 
allows for proper placement of a 
pier;:ing. 

An inaccurately executed 
piercing can cause a build up of 
scar tissue, which will decrease 
rather then increase sensation on 
the tissue being pierced. 

"If you aet a cut, you can get 
an infection," Gahdi said. "Each 
piercing has its own risk. If you're 

The UCSD Guardian 

JOhn Barber/ Guardliln 
going to get a pierce. do it proper-
ly." 
...................... 

....... 
Currently there are very few 

federal or state regulations to 
which piencing shops are required 
to adhere. While a new law pro-
hibits piercings of minors without 
parental consent, this regulation 
hun't extended to an establish-
ment of minimum requirements 
for piercers. 

Despite the lack of established 
laws, most reputable shops adhere 
to a widely circulated list, titled, 
"A Pien:ce's Bill of Righls," that 
conlains basic requirements to 
which piencing establishments 
should adhere. Additionally, many 
individual professional piercers 
are members of the Association of 
Professional Piercers (APP), 

See ...c.D, Page 15 

HOROSCOPES: 
ContInued from ..... 13 
career, or anything else you're try-
ing to do brilliantly. Neatness 
counts, too. Team effort goes well 
on Thursday, and Friday's appro-
priate for scheduling a party. Your 
honey-do list takes precedence 
over the weekend. Try fixing a 
breakdown before it occurs, to real-
ly save money. 

CAPRICORN 
Dec. 22 -Jan. 19 

You should be watching your 
money Monday. It's a good bet 
somebody else is, too. Don't let 
somebody talk you out of it WIth-
out gClling the very best possihle 
deal. Tuesday and Wednesday are 
good travel days, especially for 
work-related reasons. Gentkne~s 
wins ovcr bravado on Thursday; 
on Friday, stash your 1110n.:y in a 
safe place. Vi si ting with friends is 
highly recommended for this 
weekend . 

AQUARIUS 
Jail . 20 - Feb. 18 

Confer with your partner Mon-
day about a purchasing decision 
you're contemplating. Tuesday and 
Wednesday are good shopping 
days. You'll be frugal and wise, and 
able to remember details well. 
Thursday and Friday, you'll be in 
the mood to play, so plan travel and 
interesting conversations then. Sat-
urday and Sunday, you could come 
into some opposilion. If you are 
just respectful to the older person 
who's trying to boss you around, 
everything will go just fine. 

PISCES 
Feb. 19 - March 20 

Your work may seem over-
whelming Monday, but don't 

FEATURES 13 

despair. Actually. you' re learning 
lots of important things that you' II 
be able to usc later. Tuesday and 
Wednesday will go best if you're 
working with a partner. Compli-
ment each other, if you can, 
instead of competing. Thursday 
and Friday are good for getting 
your money into order, and for 
going shopping. Do the former 
before you do the latter. Saturday 
and Sunday. looks like you're 
going to be up lor some travel. If 
you go out of town, try to get 
home before dinnertime, if at all 
possible. Looks like there will be 
some SOrl of complication or 
mechanical breakdown later on. 

BIRTHDAYS 
Feb. 7 - Feb. 7 

If You 're Having a Birthday 
This Week .. . Born Feb. I : Work 
with a panner and you ' ll get 1110n: 
money than you cver dreamt pos~i ­
ble. Alone, the opposite is true. 

Feb. 2: Money is your theme 
this year. lnvcst now. and your 
future will be secure. 

Feb. 3: You 'd rather be the idea 
person than the bead counter, but 
this year you need to learn to count 
beads,too. 

Feb. 4: Travel is important for 
you this year, as is higher educa-
tion. 

Feb. 5: You're sharp as a tack 
this year, but without love, you're 
nothing. Add it and win big. 

Feb. 6: Your assignment for this 
year is to push yourself outside of 
your comfort zone, to the success 
you've always known was possi-
ble. 

Feb. 7: Will it be power or 
money this year? You can have 
both, but only if you can do without 
them. 

FREE SNEAK PREVIEW 

liE 

.....3· .... • ..... • •• ...,. ......... 
.......... _ ........ ,.II1II • ...,.-

".1111.11., 111&21 ....... ..... 

The class fulfills many of the college.' 
requirement. and can be used toward a minor 

in Teacher Education. Plea.e come to the 
Tlacher Education Program (YEP, ERe 517 A) 

offic. and fill out a placement sheet. 
For more information, plea.e 

call 534·1685 or contact Caren Holtzman ~ 
choltlmanOuud •• du 

Give 0 youngster the extra push 
needed to get on the right track. 

Be a role model. 



t 
r' 

I 

12 FEATURES 

PIERCED: 
Skill of piercer 
linked to infection 
Continued from paCe 10 
very thin. Although it may sound 
less painful. a thin wire is not 
advisable for an .i nitial piercing 
hccause the body will not know 
whether to accept or reject it. 
Stretching is also commonly done 
by people who have been pierced, 
but this should be done slowly to 
avoid a build-up of scar ti ssue or 
potcntial damage to sensiti vc body 
parts. 

Additionally. many people are 
movi ng toward the use of natural 
materials in piercings that have 
already healed. Gahdi se lls an 
ex tensive selection of natural jew-
elry. including fossilized mammoth 
tusks. coconut wood and porcupine 
quills that arc used as adomments 
during ritual. 

The best advice is to consult a 
we ll-trained pien.:ing professional 
to help you select the type of jewel-
ry that best tits your needs. 

The types of piercings that can 
be obtained. are ex tensive. accord-
Ing to the ski ll level of the piercer. 
People can choose to pierce every-
thing from their navel. nipple. 
tongue. nose. eyebrow. cheek. 
labret (chin ). septum. frenulum and 
lip. 

An Earl is a pien:ing between 
the eyebrows. above the nose. A 
Madison is a surface piercing that 
is done between the collar bones. 
Surface piercings take between live 
to seven months to heal, but can be 
done virtually anywhere on the 
body that the piercer and piercee 
deem appropriate. 

There are also a variety 01 
places on the ear that can be 
pierced, however cartilage pierc-
ings are a little more painful then 
other types of nesh piercings. 

Some people opt to get the skin 
between their fingers pierced. 
which is called a web piercing. 
This piercing is the least common, 
and often the most pai nful . It also 
has the highest rate of infection 
due to it 's placement on the hand. 
Many piercers will not do it on a 
walk-in basis. t>r without a consul-
tation. 

Genital pierci ngs have also 
become more commonplace as a 
way to enhance sexual pleasure. 
Clitoral piercings. clitoral hood 
piercings. inner labia and outer 
labia piercings can be performed 
on women. 

Additionally. the head of the 
penis can be pierced. as can the sur-
face skin along the shaft or strate-
gic points along the scrotum. Men 
repon that a Prince Alben, a pierc-
ing of the penis through the urethra 
that exi ts at the back of the glans, 
underneath and to one side of the 
frenum. enhances sexual stimula-
tion for both panners. 
Myths ..... Truths Associated 
with Plerc"" 

Kei th Alexander, a writer in the 
piercing community and authority 
on APP guidelines. states that there 
are some uni versal truths about 
piercing. 

Alexander states that the body 
pans that ultimately give you the 
most pleasure are the ones that ini-
tially hun the most when pierced. 

Funhermore, nipple piercings 
do not prevent a mother from being 
able to breast feed. if they are done 
properly. 

The UCSD Guardian 

A well-placed nipple ring will 
not pierce any milk ducts and never 
pierces the aureole. A well-placed 
nipple ring should be at the base of 
an erect nipple. APP guidelines 
state that mothers should remove 
their jewelry before breast feeding. 
Naval rings are also compatible 
with pregnancy, though each per-
son should use her own discretion 
to prevent excessive stretching. 

If an infection does occur, 
removing the jewelry can be the 
worst possible action because the 
injury will close up around the 
infection. The jewelry allows easy 
access for cleaning. If the infection 
becomes truly problematic, go see 
a doctor to prevent major damage. 

In terms of genital piercings and 
intercourse, barrier protection can 
become problematic. Never double 
up condoms in an effon to "double 
the protection." Rubbing rubber 
against rubber will only cause more 
friction and damage to the condom. 
It is wisest to discuss contraceptive 
options with a trained piercer and a 
doctor to ensure adequate protec-
tion. 
How to Pick • Plercer 

After deciding to get a body 
piercing, the decision on whom to 
go with makes a big difference in 
whether or not a piercing will be 
successful. A successful pierce is 
accepted by the body, is attractive, 
isn ' t excessively painful and docs-
n' t get infected. Pan of this is the 
responsibility of the piercec, but is 
also linked to the skill of the person 
performing the procedure. 

Because there are no legal regu-
lations regarding whom can 
become a piercer, clients must be 
wary. Individual instinct will play 
into a potential customers comfon 

You are cordially invited 
.................................................................. .......................................................................... 

to become a lawyer. 
.................................................. .......................................................................................... 

Join us It our School of LII Open House 
on SlturdlY, Februlry 13, 10:00 8.m. 

Yow 71 '" ,''' fw 11m ho~t 
oj o .. ,.,no 

School of LAID ,""IJ"9 

If you've ever thought about being a lawyer, 

think about attending our. O~n House. 
You'll meet our faculty, our staff and our 

students, participate in a mock class, and attend 

information sessions on admiSSions, financial aid, 

student life and career services. 

We're now accepting applications for Fall 

1999, so call us for more information or for a reservation. As 

important as your choice of 

law schools is , this is one 

invitation you should defi· 

nitely accept. 

IICHAPMAN Ht1!Y~~~IJY 
SllldlltrclasstS.LAr~O~/lOrIlA"jtits. 

888-242-1913 
lawadm@chapman . rdu 

........................................................................................................................... ................. 

SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 1999, 10:00 A.M. 
HARD HAT TOURS BEGIN AT 9 : 30 A.M . 

Please makr rrsrrviltions for our oprn housr by Thur1diy, Frbruary tt . 
Hard hat tOUr1 orr (,m comr, ('r1t servrd, and have a max imum o( 40 guests. 

Chapman Untver1ity, 333 N. Classell Street, Onnge. CA 92866 

CNpm.n Scloool 01 uw .taduol<t may ... fO< ,he bot In Iny <I ... 0._ U ....... ,,y. School 01 low k """-1)< ~ 
by ,he Am<ricon la, A.lOClltIon Amorian lor A_ ... Ion. $50 ..... North s..... ............ ".IN 4QOl. 1.7.26 ... 140 

Monday, February I, 1999 

Usa Huff/Guardian 
ItretchlnC: Gahdi, owner of Mastodon in Pacific Beach, shows 
his stretched earlobes and personalized jewelry. 
level. So if the piercer does not 
seem sober, clean or knowledge-
able, look for someone else. 

An anicle in Prime magazine 
also warns piercees to beware. 

"Make sure they take the appro-
priate precautions for hygiene . 
Piercing is minor surgery. Check 
that there is an autoclave to steril-
ize everything, and they use new 
needles [and] wear rubber gloves," 
the anicJe stated. 

Alexander states that there are a 

few questions one should ask of 
people performing piercings: ask 
how they learned to pierce, where, 
how many piercings they have 
done and if they are a member of 
APP. Ask to see their autoclave and 
ultrasonic cleaner. Ask to see the 
most recent results of the auto-
claves "spore" tes\. Autoclaves 
should be tested at least once a 
month for efficiency, and most ster· 
ilization monitoring services issue 

See ....... Page 13 

FEB 
~-5 
~999 

[ jaJ(hn 1 

Monday, February I. 1999 

PIERCED: 
Inaccurate piercings 
cause scar tissue 
C ....... d .......... U 
participatory cenificates. Always 
check the dates of results. Don' t 
be afraid to ask, because a true pro 
will be pleased to know that you 
are knowledgeable and curious. 

Be sure piereers have written 
instructions regarding aftercare, 
and check to see if they have any 
media references or customer rec-
ommendations to which you can 
refer. The length of time that a 
shop has been in existence is also 
indicative of its client satisfaction. 

In order to discern between 
safe and unsafe piercers, do a little 
bit of research before submitting 
to the pierce. Ask to see photos of 
previous work. check to make 
sure that all tools and implements 
are autoclavl.:d before use and ask 
about the training they received 
prior to becoming piercers. 

Corey Lolley, a piercer at Mas-
tadon in Pacific Beach, says that 
most reputable pien:crs apprentice 
before publicizing themselves as 
qualified artists. Trial and enor as 
a method of learning the trade is 
not appropriate. 

Gahdi says it's important for 
poIcntiai picrcecs to use common 
sense when choosing an establish· 
ment. 

"Just do your homework," 
Gahdi said. "It's a common sense 
thing." 

A competent pien:cr can walk 
clients though their insecurities. 
exercises caution for people who 
seem extremely agitated. is edu-
cated about the piercing they are 

doing, and will educate 
clients about proper 
aftercare and mainte-
nance. 
D ......... 
...... 111 .. 

Any and all infonna-
tion that can be obtained 
by piercing profession-
als emphatically warns 
against any pien:cr who 
uses a gun. A brochure 
put out by Body Accents 
in Indiana states that 
piercing guns are 
extremely traumatic on 
the body and inaccurate. 

Aside from this, guns 
are also impossible to 
sanitize. which is dan-
gerous because of the 
micro-spray of panicles 
of tissue and body nuid 
that cannot be effectively cleaned. 
This spray allows pathogens and 
viruses·to be spread from person 
to person. 

Be !>ure that your piercer has 
been properly trained. A fresh nee-
dle should be used for each pierc-
ing. Piercing needles punch out a 
plug of nesh, rather then rip a hole 
though it, like a gun. Although this 
sounds worse, in the hands of a 
professional, it is a cleaner and 
less painful method. A needle cou-
pled with a autoclaved clamp 
allows for proper placement of a 
picr;;ing. 

An inaccurately executed 
piercing can cause a build up of 
scar tissue. which will decrease 
rather then increase sensation on 
the tissue being pierced. 

"If you let a cut, you can get 
an infection." Gahdi said. "Each 
piercing has its own risk. If you're 

The UCSD Guardian 

John Barber/ Guardian 
going to get a pierce. do it proper-
ly." 
PropoMd ......... 
.......... 

Currently there are very few 
federal or state regulations to 
which piercing shops are required 
to adhere. While a new law pro-
hibits piercings of minors without 
parental consent, this regulation 
hasn't extended to an eSlablish-
ment of minimum requirements 
for picrccrs. 

Despite the lack of established 
laws, mosl reputable shops adhere 
to a widely circulated list, titled, 
"A Pierccc's Bill of Rights," that 
contains basic requirements to 
which piercing establishments 
should adhere. Additionally. many 
individual professional piercers 
are members of the Association of 
Professional Piercers (APP), 

See ....:a. Page 15 

HOROSCOPES: 
ContInued from ..... 13 
career, or anything clse you' re try-
ing to do brilliantly. Neatness 
counts. too. Team effon goes well 
on Thursday, and Friday's appro-
priate for scheduling a pany. Your 
honey-do list takes precedence 
over the weekend. Try fixing a 
breakdown before it occurs, to real-
ly save money. 

CAPRICORN 
Dec. 22 -.Ian. 19 

You should be watching your 
money Monday. It's a good bet 
somebody else is, too. Don 't let 
somebody talk you out of it with -
out getting the very best possible 
deal. Tuesday and Wednesday are 
good travel days, espccially for 
work-related reasons. Gentlenc~s 
wins over bravado on Thursday; 
on Friday, stash your money in a 
safe place. Vi siting with friends IS 
highly recommended for thi !> 
weekend. 

AQUARIUS 
lall . 20 - Feb. 18 

Confer with your partner Mon-
day about a purchasing decision 
you're contemplating. Tuesday and 
Wednesday are good shopping 
days. You ' ll be frugal and wise, and 
able to remember details well. 
Thursday and Friday, you'll be in 
the mood to play, so plan travel and 
interesting conversations then. Sat-
urday and Sunday, you could come 
into some opposition. If you are 
just respectful to the older person 
who's trying to boss you around, 
everything will go just fine. 

PISCES 
Feb. 19 - March 20 

Your work may seem over-
whelming Monday, but don ' t 

FEATURES 13 

despair. Actually. you' re learning 
lots of importuntthings that you' lI 
be able to usc later. Tuesday and 
Wednesday will go best if you're 
working with a partner. Compli-
ment each other, if you can. 
instead of competing. Thursday 
and Friday are good for getting 
your money into order, and for 
going shopping. Do the former 
before you do the latter. Saturday 
and Sunday, looks like you're 
going to be up for some travel. If 
you go out of town. try to get 
home before dinnertime, if at all 
possible. Looks like there will be 
some sort of complication or 
mechanical breakdown later on . 

BIRTHDAYS 
Feb. I - Feh. 7 

If You' re Having a Binhday 
This Week ... Born Feb. I : Work 
wi th a panner and you' lI get more 
money than you ever dreamt POSSI -
ble. Alone, the opposite is trw.:. 

Feb. 2: Money is your theme 
this year. Invest now, and your 
future will be secure. 

Feb. 3: You'd rather be the idea 
person than the bead counter, but 
this year you need to learn to count 
beads,too. 

Feb. 4: Travel is imponant for 
you this year, as is higher educa-
tion. 

Feb. 5: You're sharp as a tack 
this year, but without love, you're 
nothing. Add it and win big. 

Feb. 6: Your assignment for this 
year is to push yourself outside of 
your comfort zone. to the success 
you've always known was possi-
ble. 

Feb. 7: Will it be power or 
money this year? You can have 
both, but only if you can do without 
them. 

FREE SNEAK PREVIEW 
I a I i-a • .. I Y • eJ • I .... 

m:".'/J;)J:tJ:I \1i.!4f£, r.(!J~;J£l 

III 

.... 3 • .... • .,. • _ ...... 1 .... ItarIUID 
......... _ ... _.,.,.. . ......, .. -

.... 111 • .., ... 5 • ..., .......... 

The clau fulfills many of the colleges' 
requirement. and can be used toward a minor 

in Teacher Education. Please come to the 
Teacher Education Program (YEP, ERe 517 A) 

office and fill out a placement sheet. 
For more information, plea.e 

call 534·1685 or contact Caren Holtzman 0 
choltlma nOuud .edu 



r 

14 FEATURES The UCSD Guardian 

• A unlgue iob you 
didn't even know 
)lOlL. . .• ~ . in. 

........ _ ...... -a._...... ...... ~ .. '.; .. 1" ~ . ' ~ • •• "" , ... ~ ... ! .. ,,; 
•• • ~ . ,. ' 

.' " . 

SCORE / Educational Centers 
give you the o'pportunity to 
contribute and learn in ways 

Join the 
SCORE! 
team 

you never knew existed. 
We're doubling in size 

every year, which means 
we can guarantee you 
entrepreneurial 

challenges. At 
SCORE/, you will lead, 

manage, and market a 
growing business, and get the 

deve'opm~nt opportunities 
you'll need to jump start your 
career. In as little as 2 to 3 
years, you will be leading teams 
of 5 to 10 people while managing 
the financial performance of a 
half-million dollar business. 
We're looking for people with 
entrepreneurial spirit, proven 
leadership ability, and great 
communication skills. 
Join our 'Team. Drop your 
resume by Thursday. 

At tnc (fossro.d, of 

education 
&iusiness 

, ..... ~ Ii' 

www.scoreiob •• com 

TUesday, February I, 1999 

VOLUNTEER 
OPPORTUNITIES 
Febrnary 1999 
c.npIIed .., JulIa 1CuIeoM .... 
s.nJor St." ~.,. 
feb. 5·7 and f~b. 19-21 

i.& also available. For more informa-
. tion. call June .BIackneII at S2S-

864S. 

....... ............ , ............. 11 ..... - .' . . 

Volunteers l¥'C ...... ~ e.... -Ioooer ... 
• camp counseloo and activity ,. ...... 
leaders at Camp Cuyamaca near Have a good time playing the 
Julian. For more- illfawlliOA, cUI sports you love. Volunteers are 

· ·8t •• y.lj6"Q* ........ j .. .. _ ..... , ... . ~ to coach nag fboIbaII aIId 
soccer'lr"lW·OeeeP ...... · .... . 
f~b. 6 ation Center. The Center is also 
"Lowe 0IIr a.co-" looking for volunteers to referee 

1be Torrey Pines State Reserve games and keep the score. For 
needs volunteers to help restore more information, call Eileen 
and protect the critical habitat of Lohner-Turk at S31-IS28. 
the Los Pc:nasquitos Marsh Natural ., 
Preserve and Lagoon. For more CeIIIrIII u...., 
information. call Pamela Higgins at Spend the day improving the 
7SS-2063. Central Library by reorganizing 

f~b. 13 
........ ,., FlIIIII •• .., 

Spend the day building a home 
for a low-income family in San 
Diego. No experience is needed. 
For more information. call Jessica 
at Volunteer Connection at S34-
1414. 

Ongoing Opportunili~s 
c.-.. ........... ,... 
- LIItw a- lilt 

Come beautify Fiesta Island and 
beaches from La Jolla to Ocean 
Beach on any weekday or week-
end. For more information, call 
Don Evans at 221-8917. 

8nItIII ..... o.t - _ ..... 
Make a difference with a paint-

brush. Help is needed to paint away 
graffiti around the city primarily on 
weekdays, although weekend work 

PIERCED: 
All reusable tools 
must be autoclaved 
ConIII ...... ".. ..... 11 
which self regulates and educates 
its members. Membership to a 
piercers organization does not 
automatically guarantee quality of 
work, but it is reassuring to note. 

Alexander states that APP hold 
10 minimum standards to ·which it 
expects all reputable piercers to 
adhere for the benefit of the indus-
try. 

Essentially. it requires that at no 
time will any piercer ever use a 
piercing gun, that all needles will 
be presterilized in an autoclave and 
only used once per customer and 

' then immediately diipOled of in a 
medical sharps container. 

Forceps should always be auto-
claved and all other reusable imple-
ments should be nonpourous and 
disinfected between each use. Usu-
ally, as many as po.uible of the sup-
plies are disposed of between each 
piercing. These supplies may 
include corks and rubber bands that 
should have also been autoc:laved 
and bagged before being used on a 
customer. Latcx gloves should lie 
used at all times after hands have 
been washed thorou,hly with 
antibiotic soap. 

All jewelry should be aterilizod 
and only appropriate metals sho\Ild 
be used for fresh piercinp. Addi-
tionally, APP strOII,ly IUUC'" 
strict conckIeI codea for piercera. 
First Aid and CPR counea arc 
advised. All health and safely stan-

book shelves and removing materi-
als. Volunteers are needed on 
weekdays or weekends. For more 
information, call Gary KJockenga 
at 236-5867. 

~II •••• ", ....... 
.. ,I .... 

Ashley Fall School, a brand new 
school located 10 minutes from 
UCSD, is looking for tutors to 
work with its reading program for 
first- and second-grade students. 
Tutors will receive training and be 
required to volunteer once a week. 
Help is needed in the mornings. For 
more information, call Helen at 
2S9-7812. 

If you would like to add a vol· 
unteer opportunity to this monthly 
listing, please e-mail Managing 
Editor Julia Kulla-Mader at 
guordian@ucsd.edu 

dards required by individual states 
should be follOwed. Misrepresenta· 
tion by a piercer of his or her abili· 
ties, qualifications or standards is 
strongly discouraged. 
~. 

Each piercing has its own 
requirements for care, depending 
on where it is located. However, 
there are a few universal truths. Be 
sure to obtain instructions from a 
professional piercer. The most 
common cause of infection is the 
spread of Berms by unclean hands. 
Never handle a fresh piercing 
unless you arc cleaning it. 

Inilially after a piercing. wear 
breathable Ii"" fitting cotton to 
prevent the piercing from catching 
oa anything. Stay out of large 
standing bodies of water. like lakes 
or the ocean, because of the exces-
sive amount of bacteria that might 
get into the wound. Sea salt baths 
are excellent to soothe the pierce 
and to clean it. Never substitute 
iodized table salt bcc:auIo it can be 
irritating. 

Solutions like hydroJen perox-
ide are unneceuuily atron, for 
most piercings. Usually antibacter-
ial soap is adequate to keep the 
wound clean and disinfected. 
~ver use creams over the pierc-
inp because they will prevent the 
wound from breathin, and cause 
pRJbIems for the wear. If a pierce 
hu been properly executed and no 
bacteria hu been introduced, 
creams should be unnec:aury. 

AI any sian of pus. nasty 1IIIC1ls. 
IIIIIICCaSaI'y redness. .welli.. or 
plin JO see • doc:tor to prevent fur-
ther ...... or 1nfec:tion. 

Tuesday, February I, 1999 

MARY HIGGINS 
Senior Staff Writer 

Welcome to the second edition 
of CosmoGuoniian, where you will 
... .... "absol~y' everything you 
have always wanted to know about 
"The Secret Lives of Men." 

That sounds nice. doesn't if! 
But who am I kidding? Men are 
such strange and complex crea-
tures, how on earth could anyone 
possibly know everything'! 

Moreover. if men really have 
deep. dark secrets they definitely 
aren't telling me about them! 

But I have a col\lmn to write, 
obviously, and therefore I will 
share with all of you my deepest 
suspicions about what really goes 
on inside their beady little brains. 
So here is "Mary's Best Guess 
About The Secret Lives of Men." 

~ation , I: Men get frustrat· 
ed when women "read too much into 
things." For example. let's say Bob 
tells his friend Kathy. "I can't hang 
out with you tonight because I'm 
going to a soccer game and then I'm 
getting beers with the guys." Kathy 
then spends the entire evening on the 
phone with six of her closest pals as 

The UCSD Guardian FEATURES 15 

PSYCHO THE'RAPY 
Part Two of Cosmo Guardian: The Secret Lives of Men 
they dissect every word in that sen- "too busy for a relationship" until he 
tence. "Maybe he doesn't want to go started dating a girl he'd fantasized 
out with me! Maybe he thinks I have about for months. "I'll make time 
a fat ass! Maybe he likci soccer for her," he said, admitting he'd 
players! Maybe this isa plot to make been skipping a lot of classes lII14' 
me jealous!" Women are compelled calling in sick for work. No matter 
to ~pend hours guessing how guys how preoccupied a guy is with other 
really feel. Men often wonder why &lUff, he will find room in his sched· 
women do this. The reason is this: ule for romance if he is truly in love. 
while guys often say exactly what Observation '3: Men worry 
they are thinking. they sometimes about how their bodies look just as 
try to worm their way out of difficult much as women do, but they deal 
situations by " inventinr·"~fJCcer· ' with' their insecurities better. A guy 
games." If men would just be honest might worry about his protruding rib 

Observation *4: Men are just as 
emotional as women. Just because 
men think "Beaches" is the dumbest 
movie ever made doesn't mean they 
haven't any feelings. In fact. I've 
seen my male friends get very emo-
tional. One guy started crying when 
the Niners got stomped during the 
playoffs. Another friend went into a 
deep depression when he found out 
Jennifer. Alliston hld..1I boyfriefrll~ 
Men may not get weepy-eyed over 
the same things that women do, but 
nevertheless the sentiment is there. In 

Men are just as emotional as women. just because 
men think "Beaches" is the dumbest movie ever 
·made doesn't mean they haven't any feelings. 

about their feelings more often (for 
example, "Gee Kathy, you're a nice 
girl but I find you completely unat-
tractive!"), women wouldn't feel the 
need to. analyze everything. Of 
course, women get angry with men 
for telling the truth, so I don't blame 
men for being cagey. This paradox 
underlies most problems between 
men and women. 

Observation 12: If a man is in 
love. he will skip the "soccer game." 
I've been closely observing my guy 
pals throughout their dating careers 
and I've noticed men are deathly 
afraid of losing their independence, 
until they meet the right person. One 
of my guy friends claimed he was 

cage or his beer gut. for example, but 
he won't let this stop him from hav-
ing a good time. This is the old 
"Tum the lights off!" argument, if 
you know what I mean. When two 
people really lind each other allrac-
tive - and they decide to ... um ... 
"discuss o-chem" - even a self-con-
scious man will shed his clothes as if 
they were on fire. whereas a woman 
will invent all sorts of reasons to 
keep hers on. This is because when 
women are naked they think: ·'Gosh. 
I hope ihis light isn't glaring off of 
my flabby thighs!" whereas men are 
thinking: "I can't believe my good 
luck! This is the first time I've dis· 
cussed o-chem in months!" 

fact, the only real difference between 
men ~ women is that women are 
moody once a month whereas men 
are moody all the time. That's just 
my personal opinion, of course. 

Observation 15: Even "sensi-
tive men" are capable of acting like 
total jerks, sometimes. For eum-
pIe, 'my friend "Joe" is the sweet-
est. most considerate guy in the 
world. But last year he suddenly 
found himself dating three girls at 
once and couldn't make a decision. 
For several weeks he juggled all 
three of them. each one believing 
she was "exclusive." Joe isn't nor-
mally a deceptive person, but he 
was so afraid of making a wrong 

_IJCIIJ ,.17 

overseas 

decision (and hurting the girls' 
feelings) that he pulled a classic 
piggy maneuver. In the end, all 
three girls broke things off with 
him and he learned the hard way 
not to be so greedy. Oink, oink! 

Observation #6: Men claim they 
like it when girls pursue them. This 
is a big lie. Guys only like aggres· 
sive wof!lSU( ~.ba~n to be in a 
bar and the woman resembles 
Gwynyth Paltrow. I do not have a 
single guy friend who likes it when a 
girl from his engineering class calls 
him at horne and asks him out. Usu· 
ally. guys feel more comfortable 
being the pursuer. especially if he 
knows in advance that the girl likes 
him. This allows men to feel they 
have a choice in the matter. If you 
want to get that man of your dreams, 
remember that a little friendly flirta· 
tion is productive, but a full ·scale 
"hunt" will send him running into 
the forest like a small. furry creature. 

So that 's it for my knowledge 
of men. If this column sounds unre· 
searched, it's because I was stone· 
walled by every guy I interviewed. 
For example, I asked three guys to 
reveal to me their most pressing 
emotional issue last week and the 
answers I got were: "I'm hungry," 
"I'm horny" and "I'm hungover." 

But never fear ... I've come up 
with a solution to the problem! 
Next week's "Psycho Therapy" 
will be co-authored by a real. live 
male, so stay tuned for Part Three 
of CosmoGuordian. 

BLACK & WHITE COPIES 
Automotive Repair 
••••• d 
Oil Change & $1595, Minor 

....... lIZ"ltt· ... __ ........................ " ...... IiIIlOlllr ... 
iIIIII .. _ .... ,.~c..... ............... II .... ",....c..,...., ......... 
.......................... tIIn ...... 0IIIr ..... II"'''"""""",,,,,, 
........ cMIIII .. ,.. ........................... ".,."IaIiII. c... ...... ~ 
iIMIIII ...... ." ............... II ... ~ 1illtll1ocItiII ..... 01"' ... · .. 1II: ....... 1IiIIII'1 
£..-lIIonIII .. ......, .... " .................... .",..... ........ __ ..... 
..... .... ,..... ....... CWiIM ..... iIt .......... ~ .... 

MeI21 

457-3775 
1141 VIlLA lA JOllA DR. 

klnlrl' 
Express Yourself 
24HORSllDAYSaWEEI I ~31311 .. 1 

Costa Verde Shopping Center. 8650 Genesee Ave., Ste. 200 
(619) 457-9500 

';f1{: 

_heCk~ • Tune-Up 

r-----~~D~rTOWING I Minor Tune Up', • ':.'!..-=-~ :n: ......... 1_._ 
Special . Brake Job ~. lOur,..,. ,./nclua. • lot men ..... III Special Reg. SIO • 

I tIIM"",.,., " lncIudn: I 1. NEW Sperle I*Jgs 7. CI1ed< bral<es III Front or rear. Srakejob Include.: 
12. CI1ed< DiIdIutor poinls 8. CI1ed< cIuIcI1 I I. Instal tront pads or rear shoes _. 3. CI1ed< ~or 9. CI1ed< ~s • III 2. Drlin old brake fluid 
I condanIor 10. CI1ed< IRIen:arriage I 3. Inspecl hydraulic system • • 4. Adjullliming for dnage II! 4. Refil hydraulic IIuid • • , 
15. CI1ed< IIld replenish I I. CI1ed< cooling system I 5. BIetH! brake s~Iem • • '. II fluid IIld oil levels & hoses II! 6. A~t tront (il shoesl and rear shoes 

~i:;Fnt-M~;;i.rVi~ Road,Ies.I .... r -
I Special 1 E.wh frN fuel InJected u,.. Our ""'/01' .ervIce Include.: Reg. $150 • • 

I.Newsplltli*IVS n~_angIo 24.L1be tront end V 0.". I 2.NewArtilor 11~ c.Weto< 25.OIect"or_nu1$&~. • lNeworllil1or 14. ~.*1ueI""_, 26.Checkf9111 JWn'IM Change 
•

4.CIIIII9t ... oi 15. 0ta1ltlnrl9 27.Check~ 1ordl<roge . - • 
5. NewIuelIil1or 16. CIItCk cW 2S. CIItCk and recIIIrgt boIIery 1'_ & 
1 8. 0ta~pons 17.~ckAch 29. RcIJI.Iries~_ 7. CIItCk~condtntor II.Checkbr..... J).OIecklreprts.ur. • 20 po."nt • 1. ~1OtI 19.Ac!u11br..... 31.Ubedoorlwlgts • 19. VM ........... __ J 20 ~"'*9f'ICYbr.e 32.Chtck .. IIoIcIe~ • Safety Check • 

10. New_cowt< gookot 21. ClltCklllplo" .. 11I11IuoI1Mts 33. Checkcoolong system & hoses 

I I~~' 22. Otaand .... apooedbtl. 34 CIItCk"',,u~.ys1tm • Spec".al 1 11 . A4ust IimIlg 21 0I0ct tIodraI '- 35. Road tell . t:-' _tar kyIIncIer,~, - plellnum plY... ..J g 
I 
cO:I:ClutchJ: nmr,.i;.~; B.it' 5;eclal ' ... 1. New pnosaurepl8le 4. N_ Pilot ~ ________ _ 
I~: =~rns:.'ring ! :=:ransmiseionoi'l Extended Warranty L=F='::'-:::~':' .J 15,30, 45, 60, 75, & 90K service 
"Moat cera. With .hi •• d. Elpir •• 21'5199. OYarsIaaAlltoaOOH MII.morRd' 15 IkMcI .- ,.na. Ask IbouI our 1jIICI8I. on etl9inn. * 
All our worIIltu I 2-yHr or 2O,OCJO.mlil Hmilld warrlnty. ..... 
All prIcet lncIudI ,.na end Ilbor. 11 ~I overseas ~ ~ .~ ., ....... 
Automotive Repair . 8008-8 Miramar Road. 
••• +. 1 695-1990 

EBII"., ,."".. frill .. tIIfI. c."".",. c.l1 



I 

16 CLASSIFIEDS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
FLY CHEAP!! 
* ROUND TRIP COURIER FARESi' 
LoncIDn $349 SIng $300 Hong Kong $389 
CNnII $360 Sydney $580 ....... $370 

AIR COURIER INTERNATIONAL 
1-800-298-1230 24 hr 

learn Bartending 

Thurgood Marshall Dean's office is 
selling See's candy for $1. Come 
see our new t-shirt designs I 
Kimberlee x45988. (1/19-3111) 
Jewish Research subjects 
reimbursed for interview. If you are 
a UCSD student, 21-25, call 552-
8585 x4185 for more information. 
(1/25-2/25) 
Caucasian Research subjects 
reimbursed for interview. If you are 
a UCSD student, 21-25, call 552-
8585 x4185 for more information. 
(1/25-2125) 
Fraternities, Sororities, Clubs, 
Student Groups. Earn $1 ,000· 
$2,000 this semester with the easy 
CIS three hour fundraising event. 
No sales required. Fundraising 
dates are filling quickly, so call 
today! Contact Dan Wolman at CIS 
(800)922-5579. (1/19-214) 

The UCSD Guardian 

CLASSIFIEDS 
The UCSD Guatdian r.serv.. the righl 10 classify. edil. deIet. oII.nsiY. words and 
phrases. andlorr.lu.e any and a. adYertisemenli wilhout prIornotificallon. ThtIAdv .... .., 
.oil nol hold lhe Guara;.n liable lor any claims resulting lrom file publication of lhe 
advertisement. The publisher wMI IIao nol be held accounIabIe for any claim from an 
agreement made betwHn the advertiser and the consumer. 
Copy should be rIYiewad by the advertl .. r lor ."or •. In order 10 be correcled ~ the next 
ragular issue, aN .rrors mual be reported by the corresponding deadline. Cradll wMI only 
be given lor IhI incorrect portion 01 the advertisement. Ther. ar. no refunds for cancallalion • . 
P .... MIld ell correaponcIenu repnIIng C ........ to: 
UCID OuenIIan, Attn: CIaaeIfIede, IlOO 01_ DrIve 10311. LIt ...... CiA t2OI3. 
Actue/ locetIon: Student een_ A, 1I0oIII 217. 

Career Exploration 
- Panels-
Environmental Careers I 

Graduate Study 
Tues., Feb. 2, 2:30pm 

Career SpeciaHies in Education 
Thurs., Feb. 4, 2:30pm 

Bafflllt'lli .11 'III' 
c.llee! Sell ILL', C"lIfu! 

ARE E R S E R,V 1 C ESC E N T E R 

Volunteer Opportunity! Student 
Safety Awareness Program is 
seeking volunteer Peer Educators 
for the 1999-2000 academic year. 
Peer Educators facilitate 
discussions on various topics 
including: sexual assault, dating, 
violence, communication and many 

more. Applications are ayailable in 
our office. Student Center Building 
B. Lower Level. Applications are 
due Friday, February 12,1999. Call 
for more information 534-5793. (1/ 
28-214) 

Th lit· good M .1 nil ,111 
Collt'gl' 

Scholarship Fund 
() t· .\ (I " 0 ttl (, ) III .) 'f U 

SWEATSHIRTS 
TEE'S & SEE'S 

The Episcopal Students 
Association meets every 
Wednesday from 5:00-6:30 p.m. in 
the International Student Center 
Conference Room for communion, 
Christian dicussion, and free dinner. 
Students, faculty, and staff 
welcome . Call 534-6549 for 
information. (211) 
Drink Beer Cheap, Eat Food Cheap. 
Get Books Cheap, Win Free Stuff 
www.TheStarvingStudent.com (211-
4) 

S?I~TodaY.G~"~~ EVE N T S Leadership Seminar: Gr.du.t. AdmIssion. T •• t Str.t.gl •• 
presented on 2/3199 from 5-7 p.m. 
in the Price Center Theater. Don't 
be intimidated by the standardized 
tests you're required to take to 
matriculate to graduate school. We 
will deconstruct the GRE, MeAT, 
LSAT, and GMAT by examining 
the structures and goals of the tests. 
We will provide specific strategies 
to help maximize your score. 
Sponsored by SOLO. For more 
info call 534-0501 . (1/28-211) 

Card Safari FREE Tix, "Mt. Rushmore" 
15% OFF W/ltudent ID ••••• p.16 eucso lox Of, 2/4 _ .... ,.13 
Kinko's Boston Market 
3e cople ••••••••••••••••••• ,.15 15% OFF w/ID ............... ,.3 

Overseas Auto La Jolla Brewing Co. 
15% Off labor ............. p.15 $1 Beers ........................ p.19 
FREE Tix, "Blast From the Past" Classical Eye 
w/AmEX em, Bookstor . .... p.l0 FREE color contacts ......... p.6 

Young Attitudes Copy Club 
$5 Off haIrcut ............ p.19 6ge color copies ............ p.15 

Classified Line. 
Ad Rates 

......... :13 .... ..... F..., ............ ..... 
AI ..... : ..... ..... 

Advance ~ .. rwquIred. 

Classified Display 
Ad Rates 

$1.00 per column Inch 
DeecIInM: 

_ _ IIIIpIIr AlII IJne AlII 

......, ..... 1I11III. " ... 1Iua. 
TIIIndIr .......... ' ... ..... 

Golden Key Nat'l Honor Society 
membership Deadline 2/10. 
Induction Ceremony 2/21. 
BallroomsA&B2p.m.Jr.&Sr.3.4 
g.p.a.+ b netroOucsd.edu (2/1) 

EMPLOYMENT 
Camp Wayne for Girls-sister half 
of brother/sister private camp in 
Northeastern Pennsylvania (3 hrs 
from New York City) 6/22-8/20/99. 
If you love children and want a 
caring, fun environment we are 
looking to hire staff for: Tennis, 
Golf, Gymnastics, Swimming 
(W.S. 1. preferred), Sailing, 
Waterskiing, Piano, Basketball, 
Softball, Volleyball, Soccer, Self-
Defense, Low Ropes, Drama 
Director, Drawing and Painting, 
Ceramics, Photography, Jewelry, 

Monday, February I, 1999 

........... ..,., .... 1' ....... 
under "EIIIpIoyment". Or app\y .t 
EDNA in the Price Center or Student 
Center Services. (1/19-2/1) 

Yah Scientific needs: 
-Chemists 

-Biochemists 
-Microbiologists 

-Molecular Biologists 
-Research Associates 

-LabTechniciansi Assistants 
-Chemical Engineers 
Fax (619)611-9048 

Phone (619)6U-9005 

&~ 
ASIAN 

ADVENTURE! 
Teach Conversational 

English in South Korea. 
Native English speakers. 

AlIl]lajors. 
No experience necessary. 

Placing People Worldwidi 
Call! 559-221-7103 

www.ln.taafari.com 

Linoleum Cuts, Batik, CaUigraphy, Spanish speakers!!! A rapidly 
Sculpture, Guitar, Silk-Screening, growing technical translation 
Cheerleading, Aerobics, Video,' company is looking for part time 
Group Leaders, Drivers, Spanish Editors/Proj8CtManagers 
Housekeeping, Night with a linguistics and/or a technical 
Watchperson, KitchenlSalad. On background. We offer flexible 
Campus Interviews February 22nd. hOijr8. Please call us at 61 9-56.~ 
Cali 1-800-279-3019 or e-mail: 8060 or e-mail your resume to 
campwaynegOaol.com (1/14-21 employment Osputnikts.com(1125-
16) ~2/-,4) _______ _ 

$1500 weekJy potential mailing our 
circulars. No experience Required. 
Free information packet. Call 
(202)452-5940. (1119-3129) 
Jobs on C.mpusl The Price Center 
& Student Center haye immediate 
job openings with flexible hours. 
That's right! Moming, aftemoon, 
eyening & graveyard shifts. Even 
weekends. Check out all the jobs 
and even apply on line at 

TUTORS WANTEDI High SAT 
scores? (95th %We or higher) 
Strong communication skills? 
Reliabl. transportation? c.n 
SCORE! Prep 0 (800)PREP-182 
(1125-2111 ) 
CRUISE SHIP EMPLOYMENT-
Workerseamupto$2,OOO+/month 
(wltips & benefits). World Travel! 
Land-Tour jobs up to $5,000-
$7,OOOIsummer. Ask us how! 517-
336-4235 Ext. C59763(1125-2/11) 

Gul' AM IROulcAsND :§2Jak:nune QjdafM THURS. FEB. 11 WRITE YOUR OWN FREE VALENTINE PERSONAL HERE, AND BRING 
IT TO OUR OFFICE, UPSTAIRS ABOVE THE STUDENT CENTER. 

OFFICE ASSISTANT WANTED. 
15-20 hourslwk. Microsoft office 
literate/ bookkeeping/ filing/ 
answering phones/ web page 
revision. $61 hr. to start. Shelter 
Island Real Estate Office (619) 222-
9463. (1128-211) WE'll PUBLISH IT FOR FREE! · LIMIT: 20 WORDS 
PT Online Marketing Intern & PT 
Graphic Design! Web Programmer 

An adventure in cards and gifts 

"". 

-!tJ: 
15% OFF 
S1UDENTDI8COlM' 
ANYPWlCHA8EwlUClDlD 

7770 Regents Road .114 
in the ¥one CenIIr (619) 450-0709 

L 

_ ...... ....,1 

Monday, February I, 1999 The UCSD Guardian 

wanted for Internet Company. month. Oneblod<frorn beach, bus 8585 x4185 for more information. 
Flexiblehcxn,CaI(619)839-3852: line. 456-2791. ,211-8) (1/11-613) 
(1/25-2/1) Roommat. needed to Ii" master -'--_:....;c! ______ _ 
"New y.., New Job". Ideal for bedroom in Renaissance. 2 Bdr tec", [lUr JOH~ 
students. Flex schedule $11.75 to 
start. Scholarships and internships 
poa8Ibie. Apply In EncInIIM, work 
In La Jolla (780)142-1223. (211) 
FREE RADIO + "2501 Fundraiser 
open to student groups and 
organizationa. Earn $3-5 per ViaaI 
MC app. We supply an materials at 
no cost. Call for info or visit our 
website. Qualified callers receive a 
FREE Baby Boom Box. 1-800-932-
0528 x65 www.ocmconcepta.com 
(211) 

Ipt. lUXUry furnished wneather 
sotas; entertainment center, and 
I.,ge screen tv. CompIex .comes 
with ~ pools & Jacuzzis, weight 
roomlfitness oenter, bbq, sauna, 
covered/gated parking. Kevin 658-
0903. (211) 

FOR RENT 
Share large master bedroom w/ 
bath. Walking distance to school. 
Near buses, shopping. $320 + 1/3 
utilities. Villa La Jolla apartments. 
Ask for Ma(C 587-8875. (1/11-218) 
To .ubIet furnished 1 bedroom in 
Cardiff. Washer/dryer, utilities 
included. Great looatlon & 
spectacular ocean view. April-Aug. 
$475. (760) 634-5457. (1128-2/8) 

FOR SALE 
Canon Innovalaptop. 360CD with 
32 mb RAM, Pentium Processor. 
Includes 28.8 modem. Windows 
98, Plus! 98, 1997 Microsoft Office 
Suite. $800 or best offer. Contact 
Marc 587-8875. (211-22) 

.,.. A DIFFEREnCE" 
In couples INn Ihat .. longing 10 
'-a famIIy.lNy need your tpeCIaI 

HELP. If...,_....., ............. 
IWO,nold. 

Compel ......... '-'lily gIwn lor 
your time and eIIort-taOOII pilla 

8110 far trweI.....-. 
....... caI 

CllElllMaNEP.ULR. 
Ha.IfIK_ 

Asian 
Ell Donor 
Neededl 

Loving infertile couple is hoping 
to find a kind woman to help us 
haye a baby. We're hoping 
to find someone intelligent with a 
Chinese. Japanese, or Korean 
background. Artistic and athletic 
talent appreciated. 
(800) 886-9373 ext 7225 

fOPlJONl 
Compensation $6,500 

plus expenses 
Thank you for your consideration 

1994 Honda Civic OX. Black, 2 Volunteers paid $30.00 for 
door, automatic, alc, amlfm w/ interview. If you are entirely of 

YOU CAN BE 

cassette, alarm, exhaust intake, 
clears comers, floor mats, lowered, 

AN 63K. Contact Cynthia 261-21161 

Japanese or Korean descent, age 
21-25, cali 552-8585 x 2182. (1n-
613) 

ENTREPRENEUR. We'lI show you 
how. Start part-time with Primerica 
Financial Services, a subsidiary of 
Citicorp, and build a new career in 
financial services. Instruction 
provided. For more information call 
Jac In (619) 479-5861 . (211-4) 
Work Abroad! Student work 
opportunities around the world. 
Earn money while you travel 
intemationaHy. Call1-8BB-Council 
& ask for Maria. (211-318) 
OFFICE AND SALES HELP 
NEEDED FULL-TIME OR PART-
TIME ; NEAR UCSD. NO 
EXPERIENCE NECESSARY. 61 9-
552-6680. FLOWER CENTER INC. 
(211-11) 
EXCEPTIONAL SUMMER 
o PPORTU N ITY-Camp 
Wayne,NE PA. Counselor 
Specialists for ail LandlWater 
Sports. Outdoor Adventure; MIn 
Biking, Rocketry, A & C, Drama, 
Radio, Video. Cempus intelView8 
Thurs., April 15th. Cell 1-888-549-
2963 or e-mail 
wayneboysOaol.com. (211-3/4) 
BABYSITTER NEEDED- 2 
Evenlngslwk & some Sat/Sun 
(apprax 10 hrs) for 1 child. Prefer 
Education or Early Childhood 
Development Student w/ outgoing 
personality. Call 248-m4. (211-4) 
HELP WANTED. Earn Extra cash III 
Make yourown hoursll Responsible 
students to market/manage 
Citibank promotions on campus. 
f'ree giveaways I Earn $4OO+/week. 
Can Tawanna at 1 ~950-8472 
ext. 114. (2/1) 

ROOMMATES 
Room aVlillble to Ihare in La Jolla 
houee. MIle, NS, 1/5 UIH, $3801 

587-0861 or cychinOucsd.edu. 
$7,3OOIB.0. (1128-218) 

~ ANT E D 
CaucaSian Research subjects 
reimbursed for interview. If you are 
a UCSD student, 21-25, call 552-

Jewish Research subjects 
reimbursed for interview. If you are 
a UCSD student, 21-25, cali 552-
8585 x4185 for more information. 
(1111-613) 
Healthy volunteers ages 25 to 50 

Bringing the Mind Home 
AN INTRODUCTION TO THE TEACHINGS & PRACTICES OF 
Th~ Tib~tan Book of Living and Dying 

BY SOGYAl RINPOCHE 

THIS COURSE is designed to help people develop and deepen their understanding. practice and experience of 
meditation and compassion. During this course, facilitated 
by students of Rigpa Fellowship, inspiring video segments 
of teachings given by SogyaI Rinpoche are interwoven 
with presentations, guided practice and discussion. 

Friday Feb. 5, 7 - 9pm 
Saturday & Sunday, Feb. 6 & 7, 9:30am - 5pm 

5313 Mission Cenler Road. Suite 100 (Just wesl of the 80S and north of 1-8) 
SUCCfSTfO DONATION ItS MATUliAlS C:fE : .10 

For infOONl1on Of 10 resister plNse all Rip s.ri D~: 61 9 • 6 4 5 .8 :z 9 4 

Study Japane.e thi. Summer in Tokyo! 
Study and live at Waseda University during the 
eight-week 1999 WasedaIOragon Summer Japanese 
Progran (June 21-August 13) which offers immersion 
courses in Japanese language (4 levels) and WOI1<shops 
in Japanese Business Communication and Japanese 
Multimedia. Earn 18 quarter/12 semester credits in 
Japanese language - equivalent to one year! 
Prior language study NOT required. 

Scholarships availablel 

WaaedaIOregon Summer Japaneee Prognm 
0r8g0n ParIner8hIp for Int'l Education 

921 SW Monteon Street, SuIte 548 
Portland, OR 97206 

i tfoOopie.org (800) 823-7938 
www.opie.arg 

- .. . -.. .... - .. .. .. . ~ .. ~ ... ... ~ ....... .. ... .. , ... . 

years old are needed for a study 
examing the effect of sound on the 
eyebIink reflex at the UCSD MedIcal 
Center in Hillcrest. No medications. 
Intact hearing required. Free shuttle 
transportation is available. Earn up 
to $50.00. Cail 543-2494 for 
Information. (1/14-2/8) 
Caffeine Eyeblink Study. $100 (2 
hrs screening plus 7 hour test day). 
Healthy MALES needed: 18-35, 
drug-free. UCSDMC, Hillcrest. Cali 
Tjetake or Pam, 543-3093. (211-4) 

SERVICES 
Horseback riding lessons for 
students/staff. $10Ihr. Western or 
English. Imperial Beach area. Show 
horses, no nagsl Call (619)523-
0474. (1/14-2125) 

PERSONAL INlIY 
FORMER LA & SO 

, DtPUTY DISTRICT ATIORNEY 

• Auto 
Accidents 

• Dog Bite 
• Head 
Injuries 

619.794.1700 
1125 Camino Del Mar, Ste. 0, 

Del Mar 

ENGUSHIESL TUTOR. American 
available for private or group 
English conversation classes. 
Fluent in Spanish. 667-3704. (211-
4) 

CLASSIFIEDS 17 

A.D.D. is caused by a biochemical 
predisposition and is associated 
with depression, anxiety, PMS, poor 
school performance, work 
dissatisfaction and not working up 
to full potential. For free screening 
by MD (G-44320) call Attention 
Deficit Disorder Clinic 619-485-
6622. (211-11) 
French, Dutch , and German 

• lessons from native speakers. First 
lesson free!! Prepare yourself for 
YOUR trip to Europe! Cali now! G: 
619·350-1785. (211) 

PERSONALS 
FUNNY VALENTINES are coming 
soon to this location. The Guardian 
Valentine Issue, Thursday Feb. 
11th! (1/21·218) 

Guardian artists in residence: John 
Barber and Joe Pan are showing 
their work at Mandeville annex 
gallery, Monday-Friday this week 
from 12·5 pm; Brock Halter has 
bound editions of his completed 
coloring books in the office. His 
rethinking of Huckleberry Hound is 
particularly innovative. (211) 

The "G" Happy Birthday to designer 
Karen Tran, Wed. Feb. 3. (2/1) 

Congratulations to Mark Smith on 
his $10,000 scholarship. Megan 
also found a quarter in the Guardian 
office. (211) 

Melody: please be more careful. 
Love, The Guardian. (2/1) 

MUIR 
SENIORS!!! 

Here's your chance to make a lasting 
impression on your fellow classmates. 

Be a GRADUATION 
Auditions will be held SPEAKER! 
Fri., February 5 from 2:00 - 4:00. I Call Jill In the Muir Dean's Office at 534-3587 for more infonnation or to sign up. 
• ~Pt ing bi'e '~k fe¥ei' 

• "'-" J 

Party Hard: -Ttarel Safe 
C~br,KC.lS. c;rc,<1l <1dVir,c. N' p til 

• lr,C. C.0r'lC.. 

AfAZATLAN 7 nts $399. 
quad IhIre from SAN 

.. CANCUN 7nts $549. 
quad share from SAN 
SAN FEUPE 4 days $129. 
qUId InclucIH tr.nlpot1lt\on 
HONOLULU 4ntl $429. 
quad IhIre from LAX 

PARIS SPECIAL: 
$499 dbl, Ilr fram LAX includes 5 
nil lillie hotel contlnentll brellds,t 
LONDON: 
$497, air from LAX Includel 5 ntl 
hotel, multi-shire contlnenttl 
bralldl,t 
Some restrocl,on' apply. S<rb,oCIIO av.,lab,I"y. 

ram nollnciuded 

~~~--------------~ ClEE: C .. DeIl on International Educational Exchan. 
9500 Gilman Drive 
UCSD Price Center Ste. 76 ( ) 

_ l~ Jolla _ . 619 452-0630 



18 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian Monday. February I. 1999 

Tritons Keep Trucking on the Road STRIPES: Good defense makes 
for a good win 

STEAMROWNCI: Opponents can't stop the offensive prowess of UCSO's starters and reserves CowU II ........ __ 20 
leader. He totaled 69 assists, I kill, 
II digs and 4 block assists and I 
service ace. However, his biggest 
contribution was possibly an 
intense presence on the court that 
got his teammates fired up and 
kept them focused. 

By John Maynard 
Sports Editor 

The juggernaut. better known 
as the women's basketball team, 
kept on trucking this past week-
end, winning its seventh 
game in a row. making it 
10 wins in its 

Judy Malone initiated a trap led by 
Teasdale and junior forward Marci 
Ernsberger that was so impenetra-
ble the Chapman point guard 
could not even get past half-court. 

"At one point we were 
trapping and Marci 

last II out- = , _ .A.KEf.ALLI 
pushed the ' 
point guard 
back all the ings. 

On Salurday night, 
the Tritons traveled 10 
Orange County 10 take on 
Division III rival Chapman. They 
handled the Panthers with case. 
winning 71-44. 

For their 14th win or the sea-
son, UCSD employed the same 
strategy it has been using of late: 
go to the three and then work the 
ball inside. The Tritons' plan was 
successful. as they went on to 
shoot beller than 41 percent from 
Ihe three-point line. UCSD's three 
seniors. Trislen Teasdale. Amy 
McClure. and Jenessa Bayda each 
sunk a pair of three-pointers, and 
Triton reserve Koko Nishi added 
an outside bucket of her own. 

UCSD's senior trio were also 
the top scorers. McClure was the 
high-scorer. bringing in 12 points, 
followed by Bayda and Teasdale. 
who had II and 10 points. respec-
tively. 

Though the final score showed 
the Tritons winning big - by 27 
pomts - McClure said that the 
beginning of Saturday night 's 
matchup was tight. 

"l! was a battle at the begin-
ning," McClure said. "Chapman 
had a couple of girls who were 
getting aJlthe rebounds." 

But this did not last long, and 
early into the first half the Tritons 
started coming together. 

"We started playing better," 
McClure said. "We hate Chapman. 
We played like a blue-blob 
machine. We looked like we were 
out for kill." 

Soon the Tritons were playing 
ferocious defense. Head Coach 

way from half-coun to 
her back comer," McClure 

said. "We were swarming her and 
she got a three-second violMion 
and we got the ball back." 

The Tritons' defensive intensi-
ty proved to be effective against 
the Panthers. Chapman folded 
under UCSD's "blue blob" and 
"swarming" defense, giving up the 
ball 24 times. Chapman especially 
succumbed to the pressures of the 
UCSD defense in the second half, 
when it shot only 27 percent from 
the floor. 

Accompanying the Tritons' 
strong style of defense was their 
offensive prowess. The Tritons 
shot over 44 percent from the floor 
in the first half, only to improve 
on that mark in the second half, 
where they drained more than 51 
percent of their attempts. 

Though the starters are making 
a majority of their shots, they are 
only partly responsible for these 
strong totals. Lately, UCSD's 
reserves have been adding more 
and more to the pot. 

McClure said that the success 
of the starters has gi ven the rookies 
more confidence to shot the ball. 

"No one's hesitating 10 shool," 
McClure said. 

McClure also said that the con-
fidence of the rookies and reserves 
has taken some pressure off the 
starters. 

"It 's good to have the rookies 
come in and beat [the opponents] 
up," McClure said. "The last cou-
ple of weeks have felt good. It's 
good to look up at the scoreboard 
and know that we have a big lead 

Start off the New Year with a brighter smile that everyone 
will notice. For a limited time only, Dr. Lee will provide 

Opalescence®, 
Tooth 

Whitening 
System 

foronly $99 (a $300 value). 
Call today, you'll be glad you did. 

Linda K. Lee, D.D.S., M.S. 
"At the heaT! of my demal practice IS sensltlt'lty and Imagination . 

Done In thIS way , I am able to delight the patlem , 
maximize oral health along with tOwl health, as well 

as create new smiles, new confu:lence and peace of mmd ... 

On campus of Scripps Memorial Hospital 
(619)453 .. 3888 

9 

and that the rookies can add to it." 
The last couple of weeks that 

M(;Clure is referring to were full 
of wins, most of them coming by 
20 or more points. McClure said 
that this changed the team, and 
that now she and her teammates 
are having fun playing. 

"At the beginning of the season 
there was a lot of pressure on the 
seniors and we were having close 
games," McClure said. "1 felt like 

GRAND OPENING 
San Paulo ......... $685 
Honolulu •••••••• ~ •• $288 
Tokyo ••••••••••••••• $562 

All fares are round-trip. 
TIJI not Included. Some _rtc:ttons opjIIy. 

CSTI1017~ 

270-1750 
4475 MIllion Blvd. Suite IF 

ST/j 
STA TRAVEL wrw ___ 

B()ot< 'rOt H TI{ ~ f!"" (j'j Il'd 

www.statravel.com 

it was my fault if we lost. Lately, 
with everyone stepping up, its 
taken the pressure off us and we're 
having fun out there." 

Good times will continue this 
weekend when the Tritons will 
face Christian Heritage on Friday 
night before returning home on 
Saturday night to face UC Santa 
Cruz at 7 p.m. in RIMAC Arena 
- their first home game in two 
weeks. 

Hite was a killing machine. He 
totaled 22 kills, the highest total 
for a Triton all season. The sopho-
more also had 13 digs, 6 block 
assists and 2 service aces. 

Despite all these accomplish-
ments, Stevenson was more 
impressed by Hite's passing. 

"Hite was really the key guy," 
Stevenson said. ".Whenever we 
needed a key pass he got the job 
done." 

When asked about 'his big 
match. Hite chose to focus more 
on his teams' accomplishments. 

"We know we played well 
enough to beat them and that is 
good," Hite said. "This was our 
best overall match of the year, but 
I still think we can play much bet-
ter." 

Hite also mentioned serving as 
a big part of the Triton'S victory. 
The Tritons only missed 7 serves 
the entire match, averaging just 
over I service error per game. This 
was a tremendous tum around 
from other matches in which the 
Tritons averaged up to 8 service 
errors per game. 

The win raised UCSD's record 
to 2-6. From here the Tritons con-
tinue their unbelievable schedule. 
On Tuesday at RIMAC Arena they 
take on Brigham Young 
University, the only remaining 
undefeated school in the Mountain 
Pacific Sports Federation, and 
Friday they battle UC Santa 
Barbara, the alma mater of coach 
Jon Stevenson. 

The Tritons need your support 
to continue their road to victory, so 
get out to RIMAC Arena on 
Tuesday, Feb. 2 at 7 p.m. to watch 
the Tritons take on the BYU 
Cougars. 

INSTEAD OF 
POURING RENT MONEY 

DOWN THE DRAIN, 
BUYTHE DRAIN. 

Loan Consultant 

''W'-~f'\' ,"., '" . . ,. ;11'~' 
~ .. ~ 

~ " 4330 La JolI~ Vil~e Dr. 
Suite 130 

San Diego, CA 92122 
619-969-3521 

1b lind out how much 'home gou can alford, give me a call. 

WashlnllOn Mutual 

Monday, February I, 1999 The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 19 

UCSD~s·~Momentum Slides a Bit RETIRE: What's next for 
Elway? More rings? 
ContInued from ..... 20 

FORK: The Tritons' juggernaut slowed down this week as they lost on the road to Christian Heritage 
ay-rnm. Hili 
Associate SPOrts Editor 

It happens. 
It happens to the best teams. It 

happened to the Lakers in the 
19805. It happen~d to !he Bulls in 
the 19905. And staying with the 
football theme of the weekend, it 
even happened to the Steelers of 
the 19705. What happened? On 
the road to record-breaking sea-
sons, each of these teams lost a lit-
tle along the way. 

Saturday night. while thou-
sands of Tritons were Humpty-
Humping tbe night away at 
Winterfest, the Triton men's bas-
ketball team was at Christian 
Heritage College for a battle with 
the hated Hawks. The Hawks are 
one of UCSD hoops' biggest 
rivals. As usual, the game was a 
war, but it happened to Head 
Coach Greg Lanthier's troops: 
they lost, 81-75. 

Waves of momentum only .. last 
for sO'long, and UCSD's ran out 
at Christian Heritage. After it's 
record-shattering performance 
during Spirit Night last weekend. 
UCSD was on a roll. Last 
Tuesday the Tritons opened a 
two-game road '!ip in Chapman. 
The Panthers played extremely 
tough, but could not break the 
Triton bubble. 

At the half. the game was tied 
at 40. but the Tritons were obvi-
ously the better squad. and it 
showed in the second half when 
thoy pulled away. The win 
sounded easy enough as 
UC5D won, 87-
77, but the victo-
ry was hard-
fought. 

By the time the Tritons 
were warming up on Christian 
Heritage's arena floor, the Spirit 
Night victory was a distant memo-
ry. Now that the Tritons had 
helped "Save Dave," they were 
concentrating on saving their post-
season berth. It was not quite 
obvioUi what, but something 
about this squad was ~miss. It 
showed as the Hawks controlled 
the game early on. 

"We came out too anxious, I 
think," senior center Ahmad Russ 
said. "We were playing as if we 
had notlJing to gain and every-
thing to lose." 

It took the Tritons a few min-
utes to get into the flow of the 
game. and when they did, they 
showed the Hawks that this would 
be no walk in the park. At the half, 
Christian Heritage was leading, 
40-33, but it was by no means a 
comfortable lead. 

The Tritons were beginning to 

..... 

Mon. Ifi. & Sat. I 9am . ... ; 
lues. WM. & Thun 

tam· ..... ; 
For appoinImeRf call llflil ~: lilt. ll · 5 

457-3334 
8843 Wla La Jolla D",," • ld Julia V,I/UI,'.!C C~nrt'" 

Neilr W/hok Foods & Sm'·On __ J 

Gu.ardian 7e!; 
'IQlenline Issue 
FREE YaIIntIne Personals • Ad DIG., .. 

7536 Fay Av~. 4,56-BREW 
, 

gain confidence and when they 
went into the locker room at the 
half. they knew that they could 

win the game. 
The break seemed to 

give UCSD even more 
confidence as it 
opened the sec-
ond half strong. 

However, while it was 
obvio~s that this game 

would be a close one. it was also 
obvious that the Tritons needed to 
shoot better if they were going to 
complete their comeback. 

But it was just not to be. UCSD 
never stopped biting at the 
Hawks' claws, but its poor shoot-
ing was the downfall in the end. 

"We were close." Russ said. 
"But we didn't make the plays 
down the stretch." 

IL wasn't for lack of effort, it 
was just that the shots were not 
falling. The "Bomb Squad" was 
misfiring. . 

Usually. Tritons like Joel 
Foote. Nick Maroutsos and Sam 
Higgins are extremely dangerous. 
Against the Hawks, however, 
Foote went 0-5 from the floor, 
including 0-3 from beyond the 
three-point line, Maroutsos was 1-
8 from behind the arc (all eight of 
his shots were three-point 
attempts), and Higgins went 2-7 

from the floor while going 0-3 
from three-point land. 

Mike Wall tried to pick up the 
. slack as he scored 27 poinls and 

pulled down 7 boards. Tyler 
Garratt and Adam Libby also had 
good nights, going for 17 and 14 
points, respectively. Russ con-
tributed 7 points and 9 boards, but 
the balanced Hawk attack proved 
to be too much. 

"We played hard enough to 
win," Russ said. "But we just did-
n't play well enough to do it." 

The loss was tough for 
Lanthier and his squad, but not 
altogether demoralizing. They 
know that they must win and win 
big to keep their playofT hopes 
alive. The Tritons have four games 
left. If they win all four, then they 
should have a spot in the playoffs. 
Even tl¥:n, the strange nature of 
Division Ill's selection committee 
guarantees only one thing: that 
nothing 1S guaranteed. If the 
Tritons go 3-1 down the stretch. 
they will be on the bubble for the 
postseason. 

So the mission is clear: UCSD 
has to keep winning. The Tritons 
are now 18-3, and winning hasn't 
been much of a problem thus far, 
so hopefully this Tuesday night at 
RIMAC at 7 p.m., UCSD will get 
back on track. 

and Elway's Broncos were an old 
and tired team. 

Enter Terrell Davis. 
All of a sudden the Broncos had 

the running attack to compliment 
Elway's rifle arm that they were 
always lacking in his early years. 

Thc Broncos became instant 
contenders again and last year in 
one of the best Superbowls ever, 
Elway proved that he was a winner 
for the ages. 

This year's game was more than 
just icing on the cake. Last year the 
Broncos relied on the inspired run-
ning of Davis to lead them to victo-
ry over the heavily favored Green 
Bay Packers and their elCplosive 
offense. This year was different. 
Davis again had a solid game, rush-
ing for over 100 yards, but yester-
day the Broncos primarily relied on 
Elway's ann to carry them to victo-
ry. His perfonnance should silence 
his critics and allow him to ride off 
into the sunset as one of the NFL's 
most prolific passers and intense 
personalities. 

So if we have seen the last of 
Elway, we will always remember 
him for his ability to find opponu-
nities in impossible situations. We 
will remember him for his golden 
arm and an aptness for scrambling 
that has never been seen before. 
But most of all we will remember 
him for his perseverance, for never 
giving up and eventually making it 
to the mountain top that seemed so 
unachievable for so long. 

• Is this the end? 

Take a Free Test· Drive 
and find outl 

Saturday, February 6th 
8:30am check-In 

UCSD - Center Hall 

Cell today to reserve your seatl 

I ... 1-1.1-II'·IEII www.kapl.n.c~ 
• 



20 SPORTS 

"To"'''' to 
."two,..,. 

".row" 
""".".~ .. 

John (tway 
on v.h81 It leels I!~e 
to win back 10 bOCk 

Super Bowls 

Reality 
Check 
Bill Burger 
Super Bore, 
But Elway is Good 

Anolher yea r. anolher lack-
lusler Super Bowl. After Ihe 
magic of la\l year', game. I wa~ 
aClUally ,larllng 10 he ileve Ihal 
Ihe Falcon, could ~eep 11m 
game do,e Inlo Ihe founh quar-
IeI': ala,. il wasn 'l meanl 10 he. 
Mml lan, wlil rel11l!mher Ihl' 
gallic for Ihe sloppy execullon 
hy Ihe Falcon\. hUI I Ilouid II~e 
10 u\e Ihl\ gamc a'> an opportu-
1111) 10 I()o~ h,I(~ on Ihe (arccr 
of John Elwa) . 

LCI\ face II . Elway was allc-
~ome yeslerday. All wee~ we 
he<lrd lalk ahoul how Ii Ihe 
Broncos were gOing 10 win Ihey 
were gOi ng 10 hale 10 nde on 
Ihe hack of Terrell DaVIS and II 
would he dangcrou.s for Elway 
10 Ir) and lake Ihl ' game inl<> his 
olv n hand .. . Well Ihey lVere 
ngh!. II wa\ tlangaou ... dangcr-
ou,> lor Ihe I-alcon,' dcren'>e . 

I'n fOUle 10 a 3-1-1l) healing 
\11 Ihe " DIrI ~ Birds:' Eilva)'" 
IInal ,IUII,IIl:\ )e'terda~ includ-
ed an Ili -29 P<l'>slng day. wllh 
13f> yanh. one pa"lng louch-
dOlvn. one running lOuchdoll n 
and one InlercepllOn Ihal 
hounced 01 f the hands 01 
~ ha nnon Sharpe. Basica ll y. il 
wa, what we have grown 10 
expeci from Elway on Sundays. 

For Ihe lasl 16 years he has 
da7l.led and amazed us. Hi s sla-
IIslics arc mind boggling. Along 
with Dan Marino. Elway basi-
cally owns every passing record 
of Ihe NFL. If you measured 
the length of Elway 's 10lal 
yards. it would stretch almost 
from San Diego 10 the Atlantic 
Ocean. He is the constructor of 
the most fourth quarter come-
backs in the hi story of the NFL, 
including "The Dri ve" in the 
1986 AFC Championship 
Game. when Elway drove the 
Bronco, 98 ya rds in Ihe final 
minutes of the game to eventu-
ally heal the Cleveland Browns. 
Hi, 148 regular sea 'on wins are 
also the most in the league's hi s-
lory. He has heen to Ii ve super 
bowls, won two of Ihem. and 
now own~ one Superbow l MVP 
trophy. So my question IS. whal 
ebe doc, he have to prove'} 

Nothing . Elway ~ hould 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, February I, 1999 

PORTS 
£1fter a famishing 1-6 start, the Tritons hunted 

and were satisfied with their win on Friday 
night against the Princeton Tigers 

. 

s 
Bill Burger 
Senior Staff Writer 

Things were nol looking good for Ihe Triton vo lley-
bailers. Up until Friday they had losl six ~t rai gfll conlc~" 
and Princelon, a final -four tealll last year, was in lown for a 
malch. 

Despile Ihe fact Ihat everYlhing secmed 10 he stacked 
against them, UCSD wenl Ollt on Friday and played liS be,1 . 
overall match of Ihe year, taking out Ihe Tiger~ in file 
intense games, IS- 12, II - IS, 9- IS, 15-5, IS-2. 

Game one slarted out ominollsly for Ihe Tritons. They 
dug themselves a huge hole and at times were down 1-9 and 
3-11. However, the Tritons then won 12 of the next 13 
points and took the game, IS-12: The serving of Bill 
Sinclair and Kaeo Griffin was key to the game one victory. 
Sinclair served the first 4 points of the rally and Griffin 
served the next four including an ace at 9-11 to get the 
Tritons back in the game. 

In game two, UCSD fell behind once again: it was 0-6 
before UCSD finally got its first point of the game. The 
Tritons fought back to tie the score at 10 before surrender-
ing five of the next 6 points, including baek-to-back aces 
by the Tigers' Jason Morrow to lose the game 11-15 

Game three was a completely different story. The score 
was 8-8 and no team had led by more than 2 points before 
the Tigers ran off 6 points in a row and eventually won the 
game 9-15. 

Game four was possibly the Tritons' best overall game of 
the year. They jumped all over Princeton and took a huge 9-
o lead because of great defensive play and strong serving by 
Zack Hite. The Tigers scrapped to get the score back to li-
S but then the Tritons ran out the game, in large part because 
of two blocks by Sinclair, one assisted by Hite and one 
assisted by senior setter Kurt Seckington . . 

With the match tied up at Iwo games apiece. the rules 
were changed to rally scoring, which means either team can. 
score regardless of who has the serve. 

The Tritons got out to an early 3-0 lead which was keyed 
by two kills by Hite. UCSD never looked back after that, 
keeping a modest lead and getting to match point at 14-9. 
The Tigers made it exciting, winning the next 3 points, bUI 
the Tritons were too tough and eventually won the game and 
the match. 

UCSD Head Coach Jon Stevenson said that he was not 
completely satisfied because the team had the fire power to 
take out Princeton with more dominance. 

"I was real happy to get a win off of a final-four team," 
Stevenson said. "However, this is a team that we should 
beat if we execute the way we can." 

When asked about a player-of-the-game aw.ard 
Stevenson wavered, citing seniors Devon Jeffcoat and 
Seckington and sophomore Hite, before deciding on Hite. 

retire. In the la~1 IWO yea r~ he 
ha\ elevaled him,elf 10 immor-
tal ~ tatu ~ . Hi ~ name I~ conMant-
Iy helllg PUI alongside 
Monllina\ as aile of Ihe be~1 
quarterbach of thi , generation. 
There is no reason Ihal Elway 

~ hou ldn 't "Be Like Mike." and 
go OU I on top. Eleven years ago, 
Elway was labeled as a loser. a 
great player that couldn 't seem 
10 wi n the big one. As the '90s 
began. it looked like Elway 's 
opportunity had passed. The 
mighty Buffalo Bills had a lock 
on the AFC's Superbowl bid 

See BTIRE, Page 19 

Usa Hulf/Guantan 
Att8cIc UCSD junior Kaeo Griffin smacks a kil~ over a Princeton block en route 
to the Tritons' win in five games. Griffin also served well for UCSD. 

Jeffcoat played like a machine, re~ess and highly 
efficient. He tallied 19 kills against only 4 errors and also 
chipped in with 7 digs. 

Seckington really showed what it was to be a senior 
See .'.a, Page 18 


