
AI .... Trek Hate Crimes 1brae to Go ~ Lights & Sirens page 3 
~ Letters to the Editor 

page 7 
Venture into a raw state with 
our student guide to cutting 
comers and enjoying nature 

Was the Shepard murder a 
wake-up call or is society too 
obsessed with the case? 

After five overtimes, women~' 
soccer team is the Western 
RegionaL Champion ~ Arena 

Feature., pag. 11 Opinion, page 4 Sports, page 24 page 16 

CIRCULATION 
11.000 

UC SAN DIEGO 

_"'{·J'{.~~L~"'~" 
The ate'. Choice 
He .... to Victory In 
Mexico PrI...., 

MEXICO CITY - Francisco 
Labastida Ochoa, the candidate 
favored by the establishment in 
Mexico's governing party, 
appeared to be heading toward a 
decisive victory Sunday evening 
in the first presidential primary 
ever held by the party. 

According to an independent 
exit poll and less formal sound-
ings by officials in Labastida's 
campaign, he was ahead of his 
closest rival, former Tabasco state 
Gov. Roberto Madrazo Pintado, 
by at least 10 percentage points. 

Whoever wins the primary 
See .-JlICO, Page 9 

In Silicon V .... " 
MIcroeoft Venlict ..... 

~ .... Amdety 
PALO ALTO, Calif. - In 

Silicon Valley, the nation's high-
technology capital, Judge 
Thomas Penfield Jackson's pow-
erful findings in the Microsoft 
antitrust case have been received 
with a sense of vindication but 
also ambivalence. 

In issuing his findings of fact 
on Friday evening, Jackson deliv-
ered two implicit yet unmistak-
able messages to the industry. 
Yes, he found, there is indeed a 
"Microsoft problem" in the com-
puter business, and the software 
monopolist's bullying tactics hurt 

See MICIIOSOFY, Page 9 

•• 'l •• :(C1:11~I~"'''~ 
....... ac..Force. 
Ev ....... ofUCLA 
AIImI ...... orne. 

LOS ANGELES, Calif. 
Occupants of UCLA's Murphy 
Hall were forced to evacuate the 
building when officers from the 
Los Angeles Police Department's 
bomb squad and university police 
division responded to a bomb 
threat last Thursday morning. 

The situation began when 
someone in the graduate admis-
sions office reported a suspicious 
package to Wliversity police at 
8:30 a.m. University police then 
notified the LAPD bomb squad. 

After arriving on scene at 10 
a.m., it took the bomb squad 

See"" Page 10 

Spoken ... 
"The changes are more 
explicitly going to protect 
rights and that's what we 
should be doing." 

-hi DuI'"'''''' MM. Muir relidlnl cIIIn 
_ story It rifIt 

, H E u c 5 D 

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1999 

A ..... _: Participants in yesterday's five kilometer run/walk wore signs to l?ignify friends 
or family members who had breast cancer and were successfully treated . 

San Diegans Race for Cure 
CHARITY: Proceeds from the run/walk will go to breast cancer research 
By LAUREN I. COARTNEY 
Staff Writer 

The Susan G. Komen 
Foundation held its fourth 
annual San Diego Race for the 
Cure on Sunday Nov. 7 in 
Balboa Park. . 

The 5 kilometer race benefit-
ing breast cancer tesearch and 
treatment began in 1983 as a 
local race in Dallas. It has 
grown to a nation wide event 
that annually draws an estimat-
ed 700,000 participants. 
Seventy-five percent of the 
money raised at the San Diego 
race will stay in San Diego. 

The Komen Foundation was 
founded in 1982 by Nancy 
Goodman Brinker, who lost her 

36-year-old sister to breast can-
cer. After being diagnosed with 
the disease herself two years 
later, Brinker decided to dedi-
cate her life to breast cancer 
research. 

Her vision spawned the 
Komen Foundation, whose 
mission is to eradicate breast 
cancer as a life-threatening dis-
ease through the advancement 
of research, education, screen-
ing and treatment. 

The Race for the Cure, which 
is the foundation's primary 
fund raising event, came to San 
Di~o in 1996. 

, This race really brings pe0-
ple together," stated Patty 
Years, president of the San 
Diego affiliate of the founda-

tion. "Survivors, victims, fami-
ly members and sponsors alike 
are all here to raise money to 
help with research, testing and 
awareness programs." 

An estimated 7,000 people 
ran the 1999 San Diego course, 
which looped around Balboa 
Drive, Quince Street and Upas 
Street, closing off much of the 
Balboa Park area from 7:30 a.m. 
until early afternoon. 

The women's 5 kilometer 
race was followed by a co-ed 
race/walk at 8:30 a.m. and a 
one-mile walk at 9 a.m. 

Most racers woke up early to 
participate in the event. 

HI got up at 6 a.m.," said 18-

SeellACE,Page 2 

VOLUME 98. 
ISSUE 12 

WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG 

Posting 
Policy 
Revised 
CHANGES: Decision 
was made in response to 
an ACLU lawsuit 

NADIA AZIZ 
Guardian Reporter 

UCSD administrators learned 
of changes to univerSity posting 
policies at a workshop Thursday. 
The policy changes are in 
response to a lawsuit filed last fall 
by the American Civil Liberties 
Union (ACLU). 

Nick Aguilar, director of stu-
dent policy and judicia l affairs, 
sa id that the ACLU's biggest 
problem with the old posting pol-
iey was that it restricted the con-
tent of student postings. 

The new policy, implemented in 
August, states that although cer-
tain speech may not be endorsed 
by the university, it will not be 
restricted either. Postings will now 
most often be regulated based on 
where they are posted, rather than 
by their content. 

Aguilar said that the new post-
ing policy changes students' post-
ing rights. 

"The revision is part of a set-
tlement agreement by a lawsuit 
from the ACLU filed by a student 
fall quarter of last year," Aguilar 
said. "One of the terms of the set-
tlemeht was to make specific revi-
sions to the posting policies and 
to make clear what students can 
and can' t post and where." 

The ACLU's lawsuit was filed 
on behalf of Warren sophomore 
R. Benjamin Shapiro after he was 
ordered by the Warren college 
dean's office to perform commu-
nity service hours for refusing to 
take down a sign in his window 
that reild "Fuck Netanyahu and 
Pinochel." 

The new policy primarily 
affects student residences. 

AgUilar said !hat there are 

See POStING, Page 10 

Perfect Pitch May Be More Common Than Thought 
RESEARCH: UCSD psychologist finds that rare musical talent is found in many speakers of Asian languages 
By SCOTT DOBROSKI 
Guardian Reporter 

A new study by UCSD psy-
chologist Diana Deutsch sug-
gests that perfect or absolute 
pitch, which is the ability to 
instantly name a musical note, 
may not be as rare an ability as 
previously thought. 

TIle study was presented at 
the annual meeting of the 
Acoustical Society of America in 
Columbus, Ohio last Tuesday. 

Deutsch, who specializes in 
musical perception, discovered 
that perfect pitch is common 

among native speakers of tonal 
languages such as Mandarin 
Chinese and Vietnamese. 
Deutsch's study tested seven 
Vietnamese and 15 Mandarin 
native speakers with liille or no 
musical training. In her experi-
ments, Deutsch found that the 
speakers displayed remarkably 
precise absolute pitch when 
asked to read lists of words in 
their native languages. 

"Our findings show that 
speakers of Mandarin and 
Vietnamese possess an extraordi-
narily predae form of absolute 
pitch, which is reflected in their 

enunciation of words," Deutsch 
stated. "Since all except one of 
the subjects in the study had 
received little or no musical 
training, we conclude that this 
ability resulted from their early 
acquisition of tone language, and 
that they had learned to associ-
ate pitches with meaningful 
words very early in life." 

It used to be thought that less 
than one in 10,000 people had 
perfect pitch. Relative pitch, the 
ability to name notes when they 
are played one after another in a 
sequence, is much more common 
than perfect pitch. 

Composer Wolfgang Amadeus 
Mozart, who had perfect pitch 
ability, was able to identify the 
note of any sound, including the 
tolling of a church bell or the strik-
ing of a clock or pocket watch. 

Deutsch's findings indicate 
that there is great potential in 
humans for the acquisition of 
perfect pitch, especic1lly consid-
ering that one-third of the 
world's population speaks in 
tonal languages. Deutsch's dis-
covery contrasts highly with pre-
vious studies that suggest there 

See PIfCII, Page 10 



2 NEWS 

RACE: Komen grants this year include the Senior Community Centers of 
San Diego, the African American 
Health Consortium and the 
UCSD Cancer Center. 

Many young people 
ran in the race 

"Last year's Komen grant of 
$25,000 funded an entire year of 

year-old Brianna Alvarez, who our deaf outreach program," 
ContInued from ..... 1 

ran with a group from Sadler said. 
Albertson's grocery stores. "But The UCSD Cancer Center is a 
this is a good cause, and I thought designated National Cancer 
it would be good to donate Institute. The center boasts multi-
money." disciplinary interaction and a total 

Even though it is rare for of 15 departments. These include • 
young women to be diagnosed basic, relational, clinical and 
with breast cancer, behavioral scien-
many of the racers tislS that comprise 
were young "We're here for fun, a community dedi-
women who had basically. We J·ust cated to (inding' 
not been directly cures for cancer. 
affected by the dis- donated money Sadler does 
ease. because it's a good extensive outreach 

"We're here for thing. Hopefully we'll using 20 to 40 
fun, basically," UCSD student vol-
said 21-year-old never know anyone unteers a quarter 
racer Carla De Los who has breast to inform minori-
Santos. "We just cancer." ties who might not 
donated money -Carll! De 1.01 Sent. otherwise have· 
because it's a good Race participant access to informa-' 
thing. Hopefully tion about cancer 
we' ll never know prevention and 
anyone who has breast cancer." treatment. Sadler and her volun-

Georgia Sadler, a researcher at teers go to Asian grocery stores, 
the UCSD Cancer Center and churches and other commonly 
board member of the San Diego overlooked places to teach people 
branch of the Komen Foundation, about treatment, pain manage-
said that it is never too early to ment and clinical trials. 
inform young women about the Sadler also said that because 
dangers of the disease. SO percent of all cancer is curable 

"The college years are a won- with early detection, women 
derful time to teach women about should start giving themselves 
breast cancer for several reasons," monthly self breast exams start-
she said. "Women are at a time in ing at the age of 20 and should · 
their lives when they are thinking receive yearly mammograms 
abou t themselves, they're not car- beginning at the age of 40. 
ing for children or elderly parents. Those who are interested in 
They're in great health and can volunteering can contact the 
start establishing healthy habits." Komen Foundation at 685-8787 

Local organizations receiving and Sadler at 534-7611. 

GUARDIAN 
MARC COMfIt. JllUA KUUA-MADIII 

Editors in Chief 
LUNA SHANKAR 
Managing Editor 
AUSON NORRIS 

Copy Editor 
VINCENT GRAGNANI 

News Editor 
JEFFREY M. BARKER 
Associate NIN.'s Editor 

BRENT DON 
Opinion Edttor 

WARD HAN 
Associate Opinion Editor 

Bill BURGER 
Sports Editor 

BRIAN WELLES 
. Associate Sports Editor 

JESSICA SCHEI'I'MANN 
Features Editor 
JUYIIA AllfLAR 

Associate Features Editor 
WALT DlCIUIIION 

Hiatus Editor 
DAVID LEE 

Associate lliatus Editcw 
- UlAHUFF 

Phalo Editor 
IICIlIIUIICO 

Graphics Editcw 
IWtUI TRAIl 
Design Editor 

IRIAN WIllNER 
Web Editor 

RECRUmiIINT ~NATOII __ Co, 
EDITOII\AI. AIIIITJUfT 

Jenn8 BMelly. Josh Crouse __ WMlIIIS 

Jeff Bar1<ef. Theodor. Doi<ko. Jeremy Gray. TO1m1\' \\J. 0... Yen 
ITIU'F WMTIIII 

Shannon Castle. Bertland Fan. Uly Korman. __ • Hannah Gnffilh. 
RObert ",non • .lennIf.r Kaplan. MallIY,ka ~. Aie~s [lenny. BetI1 Amese. Lann CoIr1r1Oy 

-
Brtan Moghadam. Jill Donofno. Oav;d Pill, Leo Der Ste~. Ene Lawrence. 

Leo Tverskay. Maule Leo",. Nrrr Biumsack. Kom MIllet 
ILWlTllATOIIS 

Knsune Chang. Am", Favld. Mlmo Hsueh. Moysha Muhamedi. Joseplltne Roberts. 
DES4QNIIIS 

NICOle Atyeshmemt. Marissa-Melnick. Julie Pacheco. Nldrew Quadn, ChanK' rran 
COI'Y_ 

Jennifer SPOSitO. Jeffrey White 
__ 

Sam Payne-T,,,,'eff. Marlo Shekel. Bradley Root 
COMPUTIII MWI'OIIT Andrew Chen". 

JOLENE AGUIW MIllE MAIInllllZ 
Business Manager Advertising Art Director 

. MATT ROBERTI 
Adwrtising Manager 

YVETTE ALCALA 
Assistant Business Manager 

_ AIIII1IUIT Joe""" Lee 
~ _TNIT Cn.un. v ....... . 

ADVIIITISING _ • LAYOUT SIoy F,.stenson. Kolle Keen ... easey BuitenllllyS 
CIIICUUITION _TANTS 

Jason Allen. Jacob Meyberc. Brody PhelPS. CIf .. EIIOrS""". 
Jon Samuels. Grec Ernmamuel. P"" Goldman 

Tile UCSO GuardIan ,s published -.days and Thursdays dunnc the er:aoemoc yelf by .., for 
the students of UCSO. R.productlOn of thIS new_, In If'1 lorm. whether '" __ 0< In 
part . WIthOut permIssIon " S"iClIy prohibited. 0 1999. III riC/l1s r.serVed. 1M UCSD GuM1iM1 
IS not responsible for the retum of unSOlicited manuscripts or .t. The YiewI exprelHd herein 
do not nee .... "1y repr.sent the """"onl of TIle UCSO ~. !lie UrlNe1s1ty of CIIIIomI. 01 
the Assoc,ated Students. TIre UCSO GuwrJ""'" IUnde<lIOIeIy by _tisinC· 
Stop read"" th,s T.sII. We call ~ .. In_ joke for • reOSOrl. 

News/Features: 534-5226. General Editorial: 534-0581 
• Oponlon/Sports: 534-0582. Hiatus: 534-0583 

AdvertISing Office: 534-3466, Fax: 534-7691 
e-maol: edll~$dfUard;lfI'1.or. 

Guard,an Onlone: hltp://_.uc~arrJian .OfI 
UCSD Guardian, 9500 Gilman Drtve 0318, 

La Jolla, CA 92093-0318 
ActuaIIOC8!IOII: Second Floor, ucso Student Center Building "A". Rm. 217 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, November 8, 1999 

ETCETERA •• ~ 
LIS 
!UN! 1 GOT 
AHO'1IIU- WtI1' 
CAO A"'-ICATlOfl! 
1IYr M.Ul"S .IX 
11115 WftJt! 

NIl! 1MUE 
COMPANIES AU 
JUST ~,"" 
11) HiLI tOLL'" 

S1'\lpf~T5 . 

liN! . . . WIIV 1ftIIu. 
II/1II111 t'l L If G£T'f'W' 
" PlI'fEUHT CAD 
", $II( MCWflIS III' 
TlN/$fEUI~ fit( 
ACCOIINT ~AlICtj? 

Adam Miller's STUDENT GHmO 
nAT'S MillY W~ 
el«J(E 1Jl, ~yl 
'ItlU N(Vn L \Sf~ 

TO MEt! 

f 
r 
~-.Uf""I",i 

(www.l-c·x.com) 
s: ~"1M1 
SHow ~I,"""LY 
so r'LL IE 
UAPV AlIt IT. 

~~/~~ 
BRIEFLY ••• 

LGBT Resource Office ·Opens 
UCSD·s lesbian, Gay Bisexual and Transgender 

(lGBT) Resource Office will open with a dedication cer-
emony today outside Building 201 in the University 
Center at 3 p.m. Chancellor Robert Dynes will speak 
at the ceremony. 

Other speakers at the event will include Pat Welsh, 
director of the LGBT Resource Center at UC Irvine; 
Harry Hirsch, chair of the political science department 
and the UCSD Steering Committee for the LGBT 
Resource Office; and Jim Ziegler, chair of the Board of 
Directors of the San Diego Lesbian and Gay Men's 
Community Center of San Diego. 

An lGBT poetry slam will follow the dedication cer· 
emony at 7 p.m. in Galleries A and B of the PrIce 
Center. 

For more information, go to http://orpheus· 
1.ucsd.edu/caclgbi/ or call Beverly McCreary at 822-
3493. . 

International Affairs Group to 
Host Pakistani Consul 

Tariq Azizuddin, consulate general of Pakistan: and 
Barbara Walter, research director for international 
security at the Institute on Global Conflict and 
Cooperation, will speak in the Pepper Canyon lodge· 
tonight at 6 p.m. 

The event, titled "Pakistan: A CIlange in 
leadership,' · will center on the coup that occurred in 
Pakistan four weeks ago. 

For more information, contact Nandini 
Harihareswara at 534-2261 or nandinifM:sd.edu. 

New EnYIror ......... IS,.... 
Major to be DIscu ..... 

Students interested in majoring in environmental 
systems should attend an informational meeting at 
Why Not Here? in Revelle Colle&e at 5 p.m. Tuesday. 

Advanced courses in the major will be offered for 
the first time during the 2()()()'()1 academic year. 
This year, students interested in enterina the pro-
gram may work towBrd the completion of the 
required core courses. 

The environmental systems major is desiCned to 
prepare students for a variety of environmental 
careers and entry into graduate proerams in the nat· 
ural sciences, social sciences, public policy, law and 
business. 

For more information, contact Michael Molitor at 
822·2126 or mmolltorOucsd.edu, or Caren 
Duncanson at 534-8157 or cduncansonllucsd.edu. 

The Career Services Center will hold several work· 
shops this week for students looking to identify their 
career paths. 

Today at 11:30 a.m., a career exploration panel 
will help students identify a career for themselves in 
life and health sciences. . 

At 2:30 p.m. today, a workshop will be held for stu-
dents interested in working with kids. 

Tomorrow at 11:30 a.m., a panel will discuss 
careers in human services. It will include information 
about specific occupations in education, law, human 
resources, mental health and social work. 

Wednesday at 2:30 p.m., a panel of faculty 
researchers and graduate students will discuss 
admission into graduate programs and employment 
options in the neurosciences. 

All panels will be held in the Career Services 
Center across from Student Health Services. 

For more information, go to http://www· 
csc.ucsd.edu or call 534-3750. 

PMItIons Av ........ Within the 
AssocI ..... Students Council 

The A.S. Council is currently accepting applications 
for two positions. 

A.S. Council is looking for a representative to the 
Chancellor's Council on Diversity. This position repre-
sents the A.S. Council and the student body to the 
Chancenor's Diversity Council. 

A.S. Council is also looking for an elections man-
ager to oversee and help operate next sprinc's A.S. 
elections. This is a paid position. 

Applications can be picked up in office of the A.S. 
executive secretary on the third floor of the PrIce 
Center and are due on Friday of eighth week. 

For more information, call Anna Mason at 534-
4451: 

..... ' .............. to DIscu. 

. ......... ..... 
Rita Hauser, president of the Hauser foundation 

end former representative to the U.N. Commission on 
Human RiChts will speak at the Faculty Club lit 8 a.m. 
on Wednesday. The topic of her speech is "Middle 
East: Is There Peace at last?" 

For more information, contact Anne Middleton at 
534-2777. 

M~nday. November 8, 1999 The UCSD Guardian 

. LIGHTS IRENS 
Lights & Sirens is a selection of 

entries compiled from the log book 
of the UCSD Police Department 

Sundlly, Oct. 31 
12:20 p.m.: A staff member 

reported the theft of a parking sign 
from lot 202. Loss: $50. 

12:28 p.m.: A student reported 
the theft of a blue Schwinn bicycle 
from Tenaya Hall. Loss: $500. 

Monday, Nov. 1 
5:38 •• m.: A 54-year~ld' female 

non-affiliate was ordered off cam-
pus for seven days for Illegal lodging 
at Center Hall. Later arrested and 
transported off campus for violating 
the order. 

2:02 p.m.: A staff member 
reported vandalism to a copy 
machine at Geisel library. Damage: 
$100. 

3:29 p.m.: Units and the San 
Diego Fire Department responded 
to a fire in a trash compactor at the 
Thornton Hospital loading dock. 
Unknown cause. 

7:25 p.m.: A student reported a 
burglary on Regents Road. Loss: 
$510. 

T....ay,Nov.2 
5:35 pm.: A student reported 

the theft of a blue Schwinn bicycle 
from the racks outside Geisel 
library. Loss: $ 750. 

9:54 p.m.: OffICers arrested a 
23-year~ld male non-affiliate at the 
Geisel Information Booth for delay· 
ing a peace officer. Cited and 
released. 

WednIIday, Nov. 3 
8:15 •• m.: A student reported 

the theft of a red mountain bike 
from the racks on the south side of 
Challenger Hall. Loss: $150. 

8:37 •• m.: A student reported 
the theft of laundry from the 
Marshall Apartments. Loss: $50. 

9:53 •. m.: Units and par~ 
medics responded to a 42·year~ld 
male non-affiliate having a seizure 
on the north side of AP&M. 
Transported to Scripps Memorial 
Hospita( by paramedics. 

1:10 p.m.: A student reported 
the theft of a red mountain bike 
from the racks on the north side of 
Galathea Hall. Loss: $300. 

8:33 p.m.: A student reported 
receiving annoying phone calls at 
Black Hall. 

Thunday, Nov. 4 
12:21 •. m.: OffICers arrested a 
23-year~ld male non-affiliate on 
Torrey Pines Scenic Drive at North 
Torrey Pines Road for driving under 
the influence of alcohol. Booked 
into Central Jail. 

5:25 p.rn.: Units and the San 
Diego Fire Department responded 
to a 3J.year~1d male student suf· 
fering from chest pains at the 
Pepper Canyon Apartments. 
Transported to Thornton by par~ 
medics. 

. FrIdar. Nov. 5 
11:35 •• m.: A staff member 

reported vandalism to a restroom at 
the Preuss School. Loss: $200. 

3:40 p.m.: Officers arrested a 
28-year~1d female non-affiliate for 
petty theft at Geisel library. Cited 
and released. 

4:08 p.m.: A student reported 
the theft of an ATM card from an 

unknown location. No loss. 
7:01 p.m.: A graduate student 

reported the loss of a wallet at 
Geisel Library. 

9:11 p.m.: A student reported 
the theft of a red '91 Chevrolet pick· 
up. Loss: $2,500. 

11:44 p.m.: OffICers detained an 
18-year~ld female non-affiliate and 
a 21-year,0Id female non-affiliate 
outside the Marshall 'C' building for 
being drunk in public. Transported 
to detox. 

Satunt.y, Nov. 8 
5:42 •. m.: Units and the San 

Diego Fire Department responded 
to a 19-year~ld male non-affiliate 
suffering from a knee injury at 
Tenaya Hall. Transported to Balboa 
Hospital by paramedics. 

11:24 •• m.: A student reported 
vandalism to a blue '87 Honda 
Accord. Loss: $350. 

11:52 •• m.: A student reported 
the theft of a black mountain bike 
from outside Beagle Hall. Loss: 
$250. 

5:48 p.m.: A student reported a 
burglary to a blue '94 Chevrolet 
Blazer in lot 506. Loss: $1,050. 

5:54 p.m.: A student reported . 
the theft of a cellular phone from 
Geisel library. Loss: $70. 

Sunda" Nov. 7 
1:10 .,m.: Officers arrested an 
18-year~1d male student in Warren 
college for possessing a false iden-
tification and for being a minor in 
possession of alcohol. Cited and 
released. 

Health Care-
Social 
Issues 

Ill\' 1,.11,,,\ ill~ \\ 1111(·1 l·Olll .... ( (111(·1 ill~"" 
111.1.' II(· .q,,:li(.d IlI\\.tld til\' 'I.-.t!tl7 

(·.111·-"'(1( i.t! I ........ tll·" Illill(ll: 

NEWS) 

.,. I (Shl008080·50 
J'( 1\ '(' 

""--

THE AUsslrs ARE COMING! 
NOV. 9th Prk:e Celder. HaI.roo. B 

WIN FREE TICKET to Au.tralla on Quantas 
AIM FREE t,. • ..., IIItd mise ca ... _top by the office MId sllfII up! 

SYDNEY or IIELIIOUIINE AlRPASS, min 2 
..1. coupons 

AUCKLAND .... ..... zone $310. 
AlLOWS FOR A FREE STOP IN 
AJI ... requires student/teacher 

st8iUs, subject to availability, 
restrictions apply! 

OZ EXERENCE, ftexible bus/ hostel 
pass for backpackers & adIIenturous 

tnl\lelers starting at .111. 
flo. as ... , c.InIa 

L...-.:.-_~ UCSD Price Center 
THE I1UDINT 1ItAVD.1XJIIIITI M, Tu, Th, F gam-5:30pm, W lOam-5:30pm 

858-452-0630 
www.councll1l3vel.eom • e-mall:Councillajolla.clee.or, 

Anthropology 2 - Human Origins 
Contemporary ISBues 22 - Human Sexuality 
Economics 138/B - Economics of Health 
Philosophy 147 - Philosophy of Biology 
Philosophy 151 - Philosophy of Neuroscience 
Psychology 1 - Psychology 
·Psychology 60 - Introduction to Statistics 

GET MORE INVOLVED ON 
CAMPUS AND BE A PART 

GREAT ORGANIZATION THAT 
DOES SOMETHING 

THIS 
OF A 
REALLY 

Psychology 181 - Drugs and Behavior . 
Sociology 40 - Sociology of Health Care Issues 
Sociology/C 136A - Sociology of Mental Illness: A Historic 
Approach 
SociologylB 120S - Homelessness in America 
SociologylB 143 - Suicide 
Science, Technology & Public Mfairs 181 • Elements of 
International Medicine . 
Urban Studies & Planning 143 - The U.S. Health Care System 

Are you interested in Public Health? Jennifer Nixt, 
Student Affairs Officer, UCLA School of Public Health, 
will provide general infonnation on Thursday, November 
11,2:15 - 3:00pm., Social Science Building, Room 102 . 

Refreshments will be served. 
For further information, call (858) 534·1704 or stop by the Literature 

Building, Room 3238. 
Web site: http://provost.ucsd.edulwarren 

APPLICATIONS CAN BE PICKED UP 
EDNA, THE STUDENT CENTER, AND 
PRICE CENTER 2.325. 

AT 
THE 

ALL 
IN 

APPLICATIONS MUST BE TURNED 
BY 4PM NOVEMBER 24, 1999 TO 

PRICE CENTER 2.325 

........ . . - _ .. ... - ..... . ................ -....... ... ................ . 



4 OPINION The UCSD Guardian 

~1.P 
j{aHhet( 

~kerarl 
U7~--1"8 

It has taken the shocking murder of Matthew Shepard to 
make America realize that hate crimes must be fought 
ByTOMW 
Senior Staff Writer 

t~at ~ would have preferred to see McKinney and 
hiS buddy Henderson sit on the electric chair for 
their horrific crimes, because trust me, I would. 

More than a year after Matthew Shepard's tragiC With any major court case, the precedent set for 
death, his family has finally found solace. On the future is sometimes more important than the 
Thursday, Nov. 4, the last of the two men responsible outcome of the case itself. This is one of those 
for the murder of Shepard, a gay college student at cases. 
the University of Wyoming, was sentenced to life in Although he was murdered in cold blood a year 
prison without possibility of parole. 1111.......... ago, Shepard's brutal death has left 
Just a day before, the 12 member jury a scar on America . Since his death, 
found Aaron McKinney guilty of ~ ro there have been calls all over the 
aggravated robbery, kidnapping and country for stronger hate-crime leg-
murder in the second degree. islation on both the state and feder-

For those who aren't familiar al levels. Perhaps the most well-
with this case, a little more than a known and strongly advocated of 
year ago, on Oct. 12, 1998, Shepard this legislation was the Kennedy 
was lured out of a bar to an empty GlJAROIAN OPINION Amendment, otherwise known as 
prairie by McKinney, a high school the Hate Crime Prevention Act 
dropout and drug dealer, and his (HCPA). Despite having President 
friend Russell Henderson. The two men lashed Clinton and several key members of Congress as its 
Shepard to a fence with chains and pistol-whipped proponents, the HCPA was not able to make it out 
the gay student to death, cracking his skull. of. committee, tho~gh a ~imilar type of legislation 

McKinney was recently found guilty, and will surface agam durmg the next session of 
Henderson pleaded guilty earlier this year. 

The purpose of writing this article is not to say See JUS1ICI, Page 5 

Monday, November 8, 1999 

Shepard has be'en unfairly 
martyred for political gain 
By DEVIN PHIWPS 
Contributing Opinion Writer 

The wholesome-looking Matthew Shepard, a 
University of Wyoming student, died on Oct. 12, 1998. 
After being lured out of a bar, he was kidnapped, beat-
en, tied to a fence post and left for dead. He never 
regained consciousness, and his death prompted a 
movement by the homosexual community to enlighten 
the country on hate crimes against gays. 

Although the terrible crime committed against 
Shepard deserves no excuse or leniency by the courts, 
the fact remains that more than a year after his murder, 
the American people are still obsessed with the story. 
The media has followed this case with the same veraci-
ty displayed in the 0.). Simpson trial or even the 
Monica Lewinsky scandal. 

The question is: Why? The only difference between 
the murder of Shepard and any of the countless mur-
ders that are committed every day is the fact that he was 
gay. Gay rights advocates believe that because he was 

gay and he was killed, this 
should somehow convince 

C 0 n Americans that hate crime legislation should be enacted in order to protect homosex-uals. I do not believe that any 
GlJARDIAN OPINION crime based upon hatred 

should be tolerated in the 
United States, but I also have a 

difficult time believing that any such laws or movements 
based upon emotion are well-conceived. An effort to com-
memorate or give special meaning to the deaths of those 
who were killed because they were different than the 
norm has a powerful emotional appeal, but the ultimate 
test of any murder case is whether justice is served. 

Shepard was a good person, loved by his family and 
admired by his peers. After having read several trib-
utes to him by those who knew him best. I do not ques-
tion that he had a wonderful life ahead of him and did 
not deserve to die. No p~rson deserves the fate he 
received . Yet, the homosexual community has blamed 
moral conservatives for creating a society that, in 
essence, bre(:cis people like those who killed Shepard. 

Opinions based upon one's skin color or sexual 
orientation are legal in this country; the founding 
fathers secured that right in the Bill of Rights. People 
are entitled to any view they choose to believe in. 

Acting on these beliefs to harm others is not 
legal, and Shepard's death has not changed that. If 
the trial of Shepard's murder proved a need for 
this country to adopt such anti-hate laws, the 
emphasis on his death would be warranted. 

However, the two men who murdered Shepard 
have been brought to justice and will spend the rest of 
their lives in prison without the help of any such special 
protections. 

Additionally, if Shepard were representative of a 
large number of murdered gays, then legislation might 
make sense. However, the FBI reports that in 1997, a 
year before Shepard was murdered, only three hate-
crime murders of homosexuals were reported in the 
United States. Even if this number doubled or tripled, 
the amount of gays murdered would be a drop in the 
bucket compared to the total number of Americans who 
are brutally killed each year. 

. The real reason for Shepard's martyrdom is so that 
hiS memory can be used as a political and cultural sym-
bol. The gay community has clenched its fists tightly 
around a victim that was so blameless and whose mur-
der was so violent that no one can possibly say that they 
are unjustified in their views. It is an effort to make 
straight Americans realize that homosexuality should 
not be feared and should not be hated. In essence, they 
want to change our morality. 

Shepard has become a martyr, whose death is a sym-
bol of what is wrong in American society. What this 
movement seeks is to further separate those who toler-
ate homosexuality and those who don't. Homosexuals 
are seen as innocent victims, heterosexuals are either the 
supporters of such victims or their ·enemies. A line is 
drawn in the sand, and if you choose not to stand with 
the gay movement, you are deemed a hateful and intol-
erant bigot. 

See MARTYR, Page 8 

Monday, November 8, 1999 The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

The Search For A Country With A Better Quality of Life 
COMMENTARY: The true measure of a nation lies not in it~ economy or military but in the freedoms it allows its citizen 
By SIMONE SANTINI 
StaffWmer 

Last quarter I wrote an article 
for the Gllardiarl complaining 
about the lack of a truly liberal can-
didate in the next presidential elec-
tions ("Liberal Disappearing Act," 
Feb. 8). As is often the case when I 
write a piece with a strong liberal 
bias (as I am wont to do), there was 
a flurry of letters to the editor 
objecting to the article. 

The quality of the letters in 
these cases vary a lot: They range 
from very well-argued essays 
(sometimes a lot better than the 
column that prompted them, 
much to my chagrin) to angry 
tirades that make me thank the 
editor for not disclosing the phone 
numbers of writers. 

For this particular article, one 
of the letters published asked me 
to name one, just one country bet-
ter than the United States if I 
could. I get this challenge rather 
often, usually from people who 
don't understand how ill-posed 
the question is. Better for whom? 
Better in what way? 

I decided to look around to see 
if there was any objective basis on 
which such an assessment could 

JUSTICE: 
Horrific crimes must 
prompt action 
COIIIII ...... freIII ..... 4 
Congress. 

Looking at the sudden spree of 
hate-crime legislation that has 
come up, it leaves us to wonder: 
Did Shepard die a martyr, and if 
so, is it a good thing that he is 
remembered in such a way? 
Furthermore, is this wave of 
awareness and concern merely a 
backlash, a sudden paranoia? 

To be blunt, Shepard's death 
proVided a long-needed shock to a 
system that has been resting on its 
ass for too long. Did Shepard die a 
martyr, slaughtered in a church 
while begging God for forgiveness 
(to compare him to martyred saint 
Thomas A'Beckett)? Unfortunately, 
yes. Only with his murder were 
our leaders in Washington, D.C. 
prompted to enact change -
change that is long overdue. 

We often find this to be the 
case with many issues, not only 
with hate crimes. Too often it 
takes a horrific tragedy to wake 
people up and force them to real-
ize that they're a step behind the 
times. It has taken several shoot-
ings in elementary schools to 
make politiCians realize that 
something needs to be done to 
help prevent kids having access 
to guns. It has taken a black man 
being dragged behind a truck for 
some to acknowledge that racism 
is still brutally alive in this day 
and age. 

Do we need to use these 
tragedies, such as the Columbine 
shooting or the Shepard murder, 
to come to terms with ourselves 
and finally act? Obviously, if this 
were a perfect world,_ we would 
not. But the sad fact is that we do 
not live in the brave new world 
that Miranda speaks of - far 
from it. No one should have to 
die for a point to be made, no one 
should be a martyr or a scapegoat 
for a cause but, as sad as it may 
seem, sometimes it is necessary. 

Another issue often raised 
when dealing with this type of 
reactionary legislation is whether 
it is a backlash, a sudden rush to 
judgment made out of fear and 
paranoia with little thought given 
to the long-term consequences. 
Well, I have a simple answer to 
that train of thought. When there 
are four attention-grabbing 

See JUS1Ia, Page 8 

be made, and I came across the 
United Nations' Human 
Development Index 
(lItlp:l/www.ll11dp.orglhdro/98.1lt Ill), 
an assessment of the "quality of 
life" of each nations, based on life 
expectancy, education, average 
income and a variety of other 
indices. According to this index, 
there are at least three countries 
with a quality of life better than 
the United States'. In order of 
rank, they were Norway, France 
and Canada. Iceland, Finland and 
the Netherlands rank more or less 
on par with the United States. 

The index is very reasonable, 
although at times a bit suspiciOUS. 
For example, it purports 99 percent 
literacy rate in the United States. 
But, this is a minor problem 
endemic to any schematic and per-
force an ostensibly quantitative 
classification. What I find truly fas-
cinating are the implications of the 
term" quality of life." 

There is a certain hubris in the 
presumption of measuring some-
thing as complex and ephemeral 
as the quality of one's life (not to 
mention the problematic philo-
sophical definition of the term). 
This, however, arpears consistent 
with centuries 0 analytical tradi-

tion, so, just for fun, let's try to find 
a definition of the term "quality of 
life" and a means of measuring it. 

The human development 
report of the United Nations uses 
the following definition: "Human 
development is a process of 
enlarging people's choices. 
Enlarging people's choices is 
achieved by expanding human 
capabilities and functions. At all 
levels of development the three 
essential capabilities for human 
development are for people to 
lead long and healthy lives, to be 
knowledgeable and to have 
access to the resources needed for 
a decent standard of living." 

I substantially agree with this 
definition, especially its statement 

that the quintessential mark of 
quality of life is the possibility of 
making choices, and that it has a 
broader meaning th(ln just eco-
nomic wealth. In this regard, a few 
observations should be made. 

Choices are determined by 
both explicit external influences 
and by more subtle cultural bias-
es. External influences that restrict 
one's ability to choose beyond the 
requirements of social harmony 
are an obstacle to a high quality of 
life. So, no country with a dictato-
rial regime can have a high quali-
ty of life, because the political 
structure of the government pre-
vents citizens from making choic-
es. In a capitalist society, in which 
financial means are an essential 
instrument of choice, a poor dis-
tribution of wealth is an equiva-
lent limitation. Although the 
political system allows one to 
choose, the economic system 
effectively denies that freedom. 

These two observations explain 
why all the countries with high 
scores on the U.N.'s list are well-
consolidated democracies, and 
why the first three countries have 
strong social states that guarantee 
reasonable distributions of wealth. 

But this is still not enough to 

guarantee choice and, consequent-
ly, i1 high quallt), of life. In order to 
be really free, the chOices one 
m<lkes must be informed ilnd 
responsible. Especially in a compli-
cated and interconnected society, 
an appreciation for the hidden con-
sequences of personal (lnd collec-
tive choices is <In important com-
ponent of responsible choices. This 
naturally POInts to the importance 
of a comprehensive education, 
which should not (as is too often 
the case these days) be confused 
with job training, but should aim 
at the cultural, social and human 
enlightenment of the students. 

All these considerations are rea-
sonable and are prime factors in 
determining the quality of life of a 
nation. There is, however, a final 
and more subtle phenomenon that 
should be considered. All these 
measurements make the implicit 
assumption that an individual's 
needs and aspirations exist inde-
pendently of the social context, 
and that a society will guarantee a 
high quality of life just by provid-
ing an environment in which these 
needs can be realized. 

This, however, is an oversimpli-

See QUALITY, Page 7 

PULLING AN ALL- NIGHTER? 

·1 lit 
OPEN SUNDAY through THURSDAY 



6 OPINION The UCSD Guardian 

Exams Fail To Prepare Students 
COMMENTARY: Tests do not gauge competency in the real world 
By KEVIN SEID 
StaffWflter 

By now, many of you have 
already suffered through your 
midterms. You are probably still 
recovering from the high stress 
and sleep deprivation you suf-
fered while studying. You most 
likely are still angry for having 
to spend endless hours reread-
ing and cramming all the mater-
ial from your textbooks and 
notes. 

In college, there is too much 
emphasis on midterms, finals 
and other such exams. Success 
or failure in a particular c1a~ 
mostly depends on exams 
because, in most classes, the 
final grade is based on just the 
midterms and finals. 

The problem with exams is 
that they lack practical merit -
they are an inaccurate measure-
ment of one's overall knowledge 
and talent. Exams do not reflect 
everyday real-life situations: 
They do not capture the knowl-
edge and skills that are needed 
in the real world. Consequently, 
students do not learn the skills 
that will be relevant after gradu-
ation. 

This is a shame. We should 
put more emphaSiS on alterna-
tives that embody the skills 
needed beyond the classroom. 
The Career Services Center 's 
semiannual survey of graduates 
reveals that many alumni are 
well-prepared in writing, critical 
thinking and analytical skills, 
but poorly trained in many spe-
ci fic, practical skills. 

First of all, exams are task-
specific. Students are asked to 
write down answers to specific 

questions on pieces of paper, a 
blue book or a Scantron. There 
are many other ways to efficient-
ly express your ability and 
knowledge. In the real world 
you might have to give an oral 
presentation in front of an audi-
ence. You probably will have to 
perform some motor skill or task 
related to your career. Even 
using a computer in the work-
place is different from using 
pens and pencils to complete an 
exam. 

Second, most exams expect 
students to memorize every sin-
gle fact and detail pertaining to 
the course's material. This is 
impractical because many stu-
dents will not have to rely on 
memorization once they enter the 
real world. Most likely, they will 
have access to sources and refer-
ences, such as books and co-
workers. In fact, the ability to uti-
lize these other sources and refer-
ences will be an essential part of 
UCSD students' future careers. 

The third problem with 
exams is that there is a signifi-

cant time constraint on test-tak-
ers. In common, work-related 
scenarios, the deadline to com-
plete a similar task will be much 
longer than what is allotted for 
the exam. Many students typi-
cally are forced to hand in an 
exam that they did not finish just 
because they ran out of time. If 
they were given a longer period 
to do the task, they probably 
would be able to do more effi-
cient work, which is what our 
college experience should be 
preparing us for. 

Finally, exams only measure a 
student's knowledge and skills at 
the time of the examination. They 
give students only one chance to 
demonstrate their knowledge of a 
subject. Students sometimes can-
not remember certain facts and 
concepts during an exam but sud-
denly remember them after the 
exam is over. Some cannot effec-
tively take an early 8 a.m. test 
when they are still groggy, but 
could ace it during the afternoon. 
Knowledge also continues to 
change and evolve after the exam; 
students learn from their mis-
takes, and thus their knowledge 
increases after successive 
attempts to perform a skill. 
Exams do not reflect this ongoing 
learning process. 

Take-home exams are better 
than normal tests at capturing 
real-life characteristics. Students 
have sufficient time to research 
and carefully think through their 
answers. More importantly, 
take-home exams encourage 
group work, allowing students 
to discuss possible answers with 
each other. Interactions with co-

See EXAMS, Page 8 

Monday, November 8, 1999 

One Day At A Time 
COMMENTARY: College can upset freshmen 
By DlVYA RUNCHAL repeating my personal mantra: 
Staff Writer Freshman year doesn't suck. 

It worked. Well, at least for a 
Since this is my first column I while. Then I ran into a doorway in 

would like to introduce myself to the middle of the night, tnpped on 
the readers. I am a freshman the lawn outside Warren Lecture 
attending Thurgood Marshall Hall only to have the sprinklers 
College, and I'm having a lot of rome on as I lay comatose and then 
trouble adjusting to my newfound broke my laptop by tripping on a 
independence and college life. wire, sending a few thousand dol-

Ever since my first day on cam- lars down the drain. So I decided I 
pus, I knew I was in trouble. It would try a different approach: I 
actually was 0 w 0 u I d 
my first G PINION- accept my 
night · on 0 fate. 
campus LUMN This, 
when I however, 
decided to was a hard 
be a bit risky, a bit bold. As other thing for me to do. I would have to 
students loitered around the Price ignore the two boys who said I was 
Center, I glided past them on my unattractive (except they didn't 
new rollerblades, which had been phrase it in such polite terms), 
a graduation gift. I realized as soon laugh at the fact that I ran into a 
as I hit the pavement (directly in doorway (even though my eye-
front of several cute undergradu- brow throbbed for a couple of 

I ates) that life here would be hard. days) and get over the fact that I 
Over the next few days, I cried didn't have any friends here. 

on the pay phones near my apart- But I did accept it. And a 
ment complex (Marshall doesn't remarkable thing happened: Life 
have enough room in the dorms started getting better. Sure, I still 
for all the tteshmen), where I was go home every weekend and 
surrounded by upperclassmen sometimes sit by myself for lunch, 
whose smiles almost extended to but people started to get friendlier, 
their ears as I wailed about the hor- and opportunities arose when I 
rors of eating by myself in the cafe- least expected them to. 
teria. It was almost as if they knew. So, I won't lie and say that col-
They recognized what it entails to lege sucks - although it did for a 
be a freshman: young, scared and while. Even now, as I write this in 
vulnerable. But they survived it, the computer lab (since my com-
while I have almost a year to go. puter's screen is shattered), I am 

Yet, as the weeks passed by and living proof that miracles do hap-
I continued to retreat to the refuge pen. My pessimistic attitude has 
of my friends and family in Los been replaced with a dose of opti-
Angeles on the weekends, I was mism ... a sense that even during 
confronted with the grim truth that the most difficult trials and tribula-
college would never get easier if I tions of college life, things get bet-
didn't change my pessimistic atti- ter. If only a little at a time. 
tude. Each morning I started by letters@lIcsdguardulII.org 

LEADERSHIP CONFERENCE 1999 
A series of workshops ranging from pre-professional to student 

leadership sessions led by prominent national and local speakers 

NOV. 20 8:00am - 4:00pm 
Registration information can be picked up at the Student Organizations 
and leadership Office (SOLO) - 3rd floor, Price Center or at your Dean's office. 

Prices: $10 early registration for UCSD students 
$15 date of the ' event for UCSD students 
Price includes all workshop and program materials. 
Continental breakfast included. 

Call Paula Shipper, SOLO AdVisor, for questions, 534-1585 

Monday, November 8, 1999 The VCSD Guardian OPINION 7 

Supreme Court Ca •• Threatens Students' Rights QUALITY: Societies must 
reevaluate principles 
ContI ....... from PllCe I 
fication . The social and cultural 
environment in which we are bam 
and raised is a determining factor 
in establishing what we need and 
want, and an individual's orienta-
tion is in large part the sum of 
influences of the different compo-
nents of his or her environment 

Lette,. tWe Editor 
The Guardian welcomes letters from 
its readers. All letters must be no 
longer than Ihree pages, typed, d0u-
ble-spaced and signed. Letters must 
also contain a phone number. We 
reserve lhe rlghl to adit for length and 
clarity. Letters may be dropped off at 
the Guardian offICe on the second 
floor of the Old Student Center. Send 
all letters to: 

The Guardian 
Opinion Editor 

9500 Gilman Dr. 0316 
La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 

Fax: (619) 534-7691 
e-mail: letters.ucsdguardian.org 

Editor: 
On Nov. 9, 1999, the U.S. 

Supreme Court will hear opening 
arguments in Southward v. Grebe, 
a case that will impact the founda-
tion on which our higher educa-
tion institutions are built - free 
speech, democracy and civic par-
ticipation. On college and univer-
sity campuses across the nation, 
students in the United States 
Student Association have been 
fighting to defend our right to free 
speech, waiting to hear if our 
rights will be I'eCOgIlized by the 
Supreme Court ana hoping that 
the rest of the country is listening. 

Since the civil rights and 
women's movements changed 
the demographic and academic 
landscape of public and private 
universities, students have 
learned in an environment that is 

diverse not only in race and gen-
der, but in 06exual orientations, 
economic backgrounds, religions 
and abilities. This diversity is 
reflected not only in our class-
rooms, but in the activities we 
participate in, organize and 
fund . During the month of 
November, student governments 
across the nation are organizing 
Free Speech Awareness Weeks to 
highlight the benefits of student 
fee funded groups and activities, 
and to expose what our campus-
es cO'Jld be like if the Supreme 
Court fails to uphold our rights. 

On the vast majority of cam-
puses, democratically erected stu-
dent governments coordinate the 
incredible diversity of student 
groups, resource centers, commu-
nity organizations and student 
support services that exist to meet 
the needs of a dynamic campus 
population. Often these activities 
are funded through a fee process 
in which every student con-
tributes to a larger pool of student 
activity fees that are distributed to 
organizations. 

This process is being chal-
lenged by a student named Scott 
Southworth. who argues that the 
University of WISCOnSin, Madison 
Board of Regents should not col-
lect and allocate mandatory stu-
dent fees to groups of a political or 
ideological nature. A well-funded 
campaign, spearheaded by con-
servative foundations to limit the 
free speech of groups that they 
disagree with, lies behind the 
seemingly harmless objection to 
funding student organizations. 

There are countless ways that 
our campuses and our communi-
ties benefit from free speech. 
Active student debate is the 
essence of a quality university. 
The core purpose of the First 
Amendment is to protect and 

....... _ _ ........ . -.... ... . ..... .. .. .. .. ................ ... 

nurture free expression. The First 
Amendment does not prohibit 
universities from creating a 
forum for student groups to 
engage in discussion and debate 
on any subject - particularly 
political or ideological issues -
so long as the university dCiOS not 
discriminate on the basis of 
viewpoint. Accepting South-
worth's view of the First 
Amendment would transform 
university campuses into sterile 
ivory towers, with student 
groups, newspapers, speakers, 
resource centers and student ser-
vices subject to strict censorship. 

While the First Amendment 
protects the minority from the 
oppression of the majority, dis-
senting students can express 
their views through the use of 
the same non-discriminate distri-
bution fees and act within the 
same public forum. Their silence 
is not enforced; on the cont~ry, 
the collection and non-discrimi-
nate distribution of student fees 
encourages greater speech and 
debate. 

Students who are not empowered 
to create change on our campuses, 
whether it is through a political 
campaign, creating a women's 
resource center or initiating a 
recycling program, will not 
actively engage civic participation 
after college. Contrary to the neg-
ative stereotypes associated with 
"Generation X," today's students 
organize to increase federal edu-
cation spending and to increase 
campus safety, we volunteer in 
low-income communities, we 
campaign against hate crimes and 
we challenge our universities to 
reflect the diversity of our society. 

This week, students will edu-
cate each other on how student 
fees have enabled our campus 
communities and our society to 
change for the better. While we 
celebrate the diversity of our 
campus organization and pro-
gram, we must remember victo-
ries we have won through the 
grassroots organizing student 
fees fund. 

This open forum for debate 
and discussion is now in the 
hands of the U.S. Supreme 
Court. Hopefully, the Justices 
will recognize just how impor-
tant student fees are to the devel-
opment of today's young people 
and to the overall health of our 
nation. 

- Kendra Fox-Davis 
President of United States 

Student Associatioll 

Campuses have historically 
been the battlegrounds on which 
social and political struggles have 
been waged. Concerns over 
access to education and the quali-
ty of education students receive 
have been the cornerstones of 
social justice movements for a 
myriad of reasons. The progress 
we have made in expanding 
access to education is as signifi-
cant a factor in equalizing oppor-
tunity in our country as the USSA is the IIDtioll'S oldest and 
inalienable rights outlined in our largest student organization and 
constitution. S"tudents who are not the recognized voice of students on 
exposed to a diversity of ideas are Capitol Hill, the White HouSf! alld 
less likely to gain a diversity of the Departmellt of Education. 
skills, less likely to learn how to USSA rtpresents mIllions of stu-
communicate effectively and less dents across the natioll, alld pro-
prepared to live, work and raise, motes education as a right, 1I0t a 
families in a global SOCiety. privilege. 

• Student Reaent Applications are 

This observation does not 
imply a total relativism, but 
instead the realization that for an 
individual to be capable of making 
a responsible choice, the unavoid-
able environmental biases should 
be the object of an open and public 
debate. Only in a society that con-
tinually re-examines and criticizes 
its most fundamental and cher-
ished principles can an individual 
responsibly take advantage of 
political and economic choices 
(which are still necessary condi-
tions for a high quality of life). 

Many of the countries at the top 
of the V.N.'s list traditionally have 
had a great respect for culture and 
a high level of public awareness of 
social issues. Today, under a tripar-
tite pressure from corporate 
America - a nation more interest-
ed in trained technicians than in 
aware and cultured individuals-
from the movement toward the 
disengagement of the govemment 
from public life, and from the frag-
mentation of our society into small 
islands of special interests, the cul-
tural premises that a high quality 
of life rest upon are in danger. 

Raising the level of public dis-
course on the foundations of soci-
ety and giving everybody the cul-
tural and economic means to be 
active participants in this social 
debate are the only means by 
which the United States can avoid 
falling further down the list. 

the ASIO office. 2nd Floor -'rice I 
Center, Room 2.307 , Phone: :;34-

4689 
ue FJiday, the 12th, by 5:00PM at 

tM Chancellor's Office. Questions, 
call 534-4451 

• Adopt-A-famUy for Thank! vlnel Pro-
vide a much needed Thanksgiving meal 
to a family in need during this holiday 

• Want to know the 'inside scoop ' of season. Stop by the Associated Students 
UCSD? Care to be a key decision maker? Volunteer Connection Office. 2nd Floor 
The Internal Office of ASUCSD invites any- Price Center or contact Debra Nakunz at 
one interested in contributing to decisions 534-1414 
made about campus life to become involved 
inone or more of over 20 campus-wide com- ~(fN'e,z,"I'J!fja,U@#;i4J 
mlttees. For detaIls, E-maIl the Internal Of- 'v 
fice at j20Iee@ucsd.edu or call 534.0473. • MP3,c Tour featuring Goo Goo Dolls 

with Specl .. Gu .. t Tonic Thursday, No-{lMijmmiiiWmf,lhiiD vember 18th 8:00PM RIMAC Student tick-
ets $18.50 at the UCSD Box Office in Price 

• FrH Winter Schedul .. handed out 
TODAY (Monday, the 8th) at 10:00AM on 

~Qy Walk. Compliments of the As-
Ued Students 

• Check out KSDT's BlKk Mondays at 
the Pub, Noon to 4:00 PM Food and Drink 
specials-Try the Lethal Compound, 
If you dare 

I INTERNSHIPS I 

Center FREE Daytime Festival1PM to 9PM 
RIMAC Field Sponsored by: AS, University 
Events OffICe, Bill Silva Presents 

{DM:ttnJl.'u,u@#;,,} 
• MTV CIImpua InY8Ilon featuring Cbrbe&e 
with .~ peat LIt Tueadlly, November 
23rd 8:00PM RIMAC Student tickets 
$20.00 at the UCSD Box Office in Price Cen-
ter FREE Daytime Festival Warren Field 
10:00AM to 4:00PM Sponsored by: AS, Un~ 
versity Events Office, GoldenVoice 

• Interested in internships? ASIO (As-
SOCiated Students Internship OffICe) has 
InternIIIlpa ..... ln 810, lklllnesa, Law 
and more' Chargers, Scripps and Birch 
Aquarium, Merrill Lynch and Qualcomm 
Stadium welcome students just like YOU. 
So don 't just sit there, get a Clue! Appli- ~'lIig, 1-"' "" W,"te, ''''em,h'., ... d,e ~p. ULilD I by Wi!dnesday, November 24th. Stop by :: 
'\..../ ~ .... 1It ...... 

~----------------------~====~ 



8 OPINION The UCSD Guardian 

Wednesday, November 10, 1999 
at 7:00 p.m. 

Pick up ,our free tickets at: 
the BOI Office in 

Mandeville Auditorium 
La Jolla, CA 92093 

the Price Center 
on luesda" November 9 

at 12:00 

Will your GRE score 
be high enough? 

" ... programs across the country ... have abandoned the Idea of bigger Is 
better and have settled on a different model of graduate education: 
Enroll fewer students, but give all of them full financial support. " 

-Chronicle of Higher Education, 2122199 

As many graduate schools accept fewer studQnts in order to 
offer more financial support, competition for spaces in the best 

programs is getting tougher. Enroll with Kaplan and ensure your spot 
with a higher GRE score. Call today to reserve your seat. 

1-800-KAP· TEST 
kaptest.com AOL keyword: kaplan 

Kaplan gets you in. 

J 
f 
J 
I 
11 

J 
I 
• 
• 

• 

JUSTICE: 
New laws vindicate 
the victims of crime 
c .......... ".. ..... 
school shootings in a year, I do 
not consider any legislative 
response rash and paranoid. 

People often speak of a silver 
lining in storm clouds. These leg-
islative responses are exactly that. 
They are the break in the dark, 
ominous clouds overhead. They 
are the sign of order forming 
amidst the chaos, they are the 

MARTYR: 
Current laws offer 
enough protection 
CoMInMed froM .... 4 
erant bigot. 

The gay movement has gained 
recognition in America as one of 
the most highly successful and 
important issues of the day. 
Before Shepard, it had made sig-
nificant progress, and although I 
disagree with the homosexual 
lifestyle, I respect the communi-
ty's efforts to fight for what its 
members believe. What I do not 
respect is turning Shepard into a 
symbol for their fight. 

The symbols used to represent 
Shepard simply serve to reinforce 
the stereotypes that have allegedly 
plagued the homosexual commu-
nity for years. If you look at the 
multitude of web sites dedicated 
to his memory, the images of him 
crouched gazing into the distance 
portray him as an innocent crea-
ture and only serve to rob him of 
any individuality. He is portrayed 
as a small, effeminate person who 
represents the discrimination 
against homosexuals - a pitiful 
symbol that deserves our sympa-
thy and makes us ask ourselves 
how anything so heinous could 
ever be done to such a child-like 
human being. 

The point of such imagery is to 
convince us that homosexuals 
deserve special rights, laws that 
protect them from a world that has 
wronged them so. According to 

EXAMS: 
The real world 
offers its own tests 
c.tInIIed froM .... 
workers and members of a team 
are common in many careers. 
Group work also improves com-
munication and social skills that 
are essential in everyday life. 

A better alternative to 
midterms and finals is academic 
internships, where students 
receive hands-on experience in 
applying theories covered in 
class. Many departments do offer 
opportunities to participate in 
independent research or reading 
(199 classes). Others enable stu-
dents to assist professors in their 
labs. The Academic Internship 
Program office offers numerous 
internships in a variety of areas. 

Career-related volunteer work 
and jobs also emulate realrlife sit-
uations. They give students expo-
sure to specific careers and allow 
them to gain hands-on experience 
learning and practicing all the 
tasks and skills needed for the 
job. 

Leadership is another essential 
. skill that, while valued by 

employers, cannot be tested in an 
exam environment. Many cam-
pus activities provide leadership 
opportunities: Intramural and 
collegiate !>jX)rts tearns; pre-pro-
fessional, social and cultural 
clubs; A.S. leadership and com-
mittee positions; and resident 
advisor and orientation leader 
positions are among some of the 
activities that improve leadership 
and communication skills. 

Monday, November 8,1999 

seed of hope that is born from the 
tragedy. 

Be it hate-crime laws or anti-
gun legislation, they provide the 
solace and retribution for those 
who have suffered. Though some 
laws are tragically late in coming. 
we need them nonetheless. We 
do not live in a perfect world 
where angels play music in the 
heavens. As James Madison 
wrote, "If men were angels, no 
government would be needed." 
Angels we are not. Sometimes it 
seems we are more like the 
demons themselves. 

IttterS@ucsdguardian.org 

the homosexual community, hate 
control should be our number one 
focus. But hatred of homosexuals 
or any other group does not give 
us cause to create special measures 
to inflict more punishment on 
those who commit crimes. If a per-
son commits a crime, he or she 
should be punished regardless of 
the ideological reasons behind the 
action. These laws would punish 
people not only for committing 
crimes, but also for being "bad" 
people. 

Such laws essentially take 
away our rights to believe what 
we choose, and that worries me. 
What discredits the proponents of 
such laws is the fact that they 
believe these laws are necessary 
due to the views of many 
Americans who believe that 
homosexuality is immoral. There 
is no way to right the wrong that 
occurred in Wyoming a year ago, 
but giving additional protl!!iion 
to people who are already pro-
tected by the law makes no sense. 

Shepard is being used as a 
pawn in the struggle for gay rights 
in America, nothing more. 
Marketing his memory for a fight 
that supposedly is in his honor 
only shows the lengths that advo-
cates of certain movements will go 
to in order to further their causes. 

The murder of Shepard was 
wrong, but the question we must 
ask is whether his Christ-like 
image lashed to a fence should 
radically alter the laws of 
American SOCiety. I, for one, think 
it should not. 

letter~"@l/csdgl/ardlall .org 

Many departments also offer 
195 courses - instructional assis-
tant opportunities. Undergraduat-
es have the opportunity to essen-
tially be a teaching assistant: They 
lead discussion sections, help pro-
fessors prepare course materials 
and grade papers and exams. This 
experience provides teaching 
experience in addition to improv-
ing communication and social 
skills. 

The Career Services Center 
strongly recommends that all stu-
dents gain career-related experi-
ence and learn practical skills 
beyond the classroom. 
Unfortunately, this is Ilot a 
mandatory requirementilt UCSD. 
A student can graduate just by 
going to class and taking exams, 
and then be considered "pre-
pared" for the real world. 

Knowledge and experience do 
not revolve around the classroom. 
The real world provides a rich 
environment affected by many 
different factors. Exams only 
force students to learn and prac-
tice skills that are worthless in 
everyday life. 

I! is a disservice to all students 
that exams and grades are given 
more importance than career-
related experience. Internships, 
jobs, student organizations and 
other activities providing experi-
ence should be required for grad-
uation. Employers and graduate 
schools should give experience 
more weight than grades and 
exams. Only then will all students 
be able to gain and improve the 
necessary knowledge and skills 
that are essential for life after 
graduation. 

·ltttrrS@uL"Sdguardia".org 

Monday, November 8, 1999 The UCSD Guardian NEWS 9 

u.s. State Department Envoys in 
Russia to Get Costly Y2K Leaves 

MEXICO: 
Presidential election 
will be held July 2 

known as the finger-tap. Despite 
the contention over the results, it 
was regarded across the poli tical 
spectrum as a histone ,ldvance 
toward democracy in 1exlco. 

MOSCOW - Although the 
State Department is planning to 
withdraw hundreds of govern-
ment employees and their fami-
lies from Russia and other for-
mer Soviet republics before Jan. 
1, experts at the American 
Embassy in Moscow have con-
cluded there is virtually no risk 
to diplomats from the yea r 2000 
computer problem. 

The evacuation of diplomats, 
other government employees 
and their families who wish to 
leave could cost millions of dol-
lars and reflects anxiety in 
Washington about the possible 
disruption of electricity, heat and 
other basic services in the former 
Soviet Union as a result of com-
puter failures. 

The United States maintains 
diplomatic posts in more than 
100 nations, but it plans to 
withdraw personnel over the 
Jan. 1 period from just four : 
Russia, Ukraine, Belams and 
Moldova. 

Diplomats in other nations 
like China either did not see a 
need to leave because of possible 
computer glitches or because 
they are already inured to hard-
ships like power failures, accord-

The evacuation of 
diplomats, other 
government ~mployees 
and their families who 
wish to leave could cost 
millions of dollars and 
reflects anxiety in 
Washington about the 
possible disruption of 
electricity, heat and other 
basic services in the 
former Soviet Union as a 
result of computer 
failures. 

ing to American officials. 
Certainly, Russia is likely to 

experience its share of disrup-
tions. An internal assessment by 
the American Embassy notes 
that computer failures may 
interfere with telephone service 
and produce electrical failures, 
which it says may last for a day 
or so in Moscow. 

But these are likely to be 
inconveniences, rather than real 
dangers for American govern-

Web Audio Network Plans 
New Delivery System 

RealNetworks Inc., the multi-
media Internet company, plans 
Monday to announce a new net-
work delivery service and a new 
version of its media player, called 
RealPlayer 7. 

The new service will include a 
daily program listing called Take 5, 
which will infonn Internet surfers 
about multimedia offerings 
around the Internet. It will also 
include a message service to alert 
users of the company's ReaJPlayer 
~ftware of late-breaking multime-
dia events during the day. 

Rob Glaser, founder and chief 
executive of RealNetworks, said 
the company had already distrib-
uted 85 million copies of its 
RealPlayer software for PCs, 
which is used for playing multi-
media programming transmitted 
over the Internet. 

RealNetworks executives said 
that besides the daily Take 5, the 
new network service would 
include a more comprehensive 
roundup of multimedia program-
ming on the web to be called the 

MICRoson: 
Decision is step 
toward intervention 
ContInued fronI .... 1 
consumers and undennine inno-
vation.,He also found that there is 
nothing special about the soft-
ware industry: For purposes of 
antitrust, he found, this high-tech 
world is not much different from 
any bricks-and-mortar business. 

So any satisfaction that the 
judge shares the prevailing 
Silicon Valley view of Microsoft is 
offset here by concern that his 
document is a step toward 
greater government intervention 
in the high-tech economy. 

The judge's sweeping castiga-
tion of Microsoft's business prac-
tices deals largely with how the 
company's restrictive contracts 
thwarted personal computer mak-
ers, Internet service providers and 
others from promoting, distribut-
ing or using the products of rivals. 

Real.com Guide, which would 
serve as a reference and search 
directory for lnternet audio and 
video programming. 

"We've integrated a network 
of services," Glaser said. 

The company will have more 
than 100 broadcast and Internet 
media partners for the service, he 
said, and the guide will list multi-
media programming from net-
works such as ABC, SBC, CBS, 
Fox and NBC, as well as Internet-
only media companies. 

The new RealNetworks ser-
vice is certain to 1ntensify the 
Seattle company's competition 
with Microsoft, which has recent-
ly begun to work more closely 
with the recording industry to 
attempt to set technical standards 
for managing digital rights. 
Microsoft has also cut deals with 
Creative Labs and Cirrus Logic to 
build support for its audio stan-
dard into portable music players. 

- John Markoff 
The New York Times 

But in his findings, Jackson 
made some fine-tuned judgments 
about the software business. 

He found that the computer 
operating system and Internet 
browsing software are separate 
products .. Microsoft, however, 
chose to fold its brOWSing soft-
ware into Windows - and in a 
separate but related case, a feder-
al appeals court said Microsoft 
was free to do that as long as it 
could make "any plausible 
claim" of business effidency or 
consumer benefit from doing so. 

Just what does and does not 
belong in a computer operating 
system can make for fascinating 
and impassioned debate among 
software programmers. But hav-
ing a federal court or the govern-
ment second guess such deci-
sions is something that makes 
many industry executives and 
experts leery, even those who are 
critical of Microsoft. 

- John Markoff with Steve 
Lohr 

The New York Times 

ment employees, the review 
suggests. Even if such disrup-
tions occur, the American 
Embassy here and the com-
pound where many diplomats 
live have their own backup gen-
erators, fuel, stores of food and 
water and Iridium telephones, 
which can be used to make calls 
through communications satel-
lites. 

After a slow start, the Russian 
government appears to be tak-
ing the problem seriously. 

American experts have said, 
for example, that the risk of the 
accidental launching of a nuclear 
missile will be virtually nil 
because of precautions both 
sides are taking. 

In deciding. nevertheless, to 
withdraw some diplomats from 
Russia, the State Department is 
erring on the side of caution. 
American officials said the 
embassy would stay open and 
would maintain a sufficient staff 
to deal with diplomatic issues, 
embassy security and the possi-
ble problems encountered by 
American citizens here. 

-Michael R. Gordon 
TIle New York Times 

ContInued from ..... 1 
race stands a strong chance to 
win the presidential election on 
July 2 because opposition voters 
are divided between two major 
parties, which have failed to form 
a coalition. 

Esteban Moctezuma Barragan, 
Labastida's campaign manager, 
hegan to claim victory soon after 

President Ernesto Zcdillo, 
who made the decision to aban-
don the old pr,lCtlce and allow 
Mexican voters to choose his 
party's candida te, held up two 
fingers after he cast hiS own bal-
lot Sunday morning. 

"This finger is a thing of the 
past," he said, wa ving the index 
finger he opted not to use to tap 
the presidential ca ndidate. (he polls closed _________ _ 

"0\'" V\'e 
have this one," 
Zedillo added, 
showing the 
indelible black 
ink on hi s 
thumb which 
showed that he 
had voted in 
the primary. 

at 6 p.m. 
Alejandro 
Valenzuela, a 
campaign 
spokesman, said 
that based on 
preliminary 
resu Its the elec-
tion seemed to 
be "a landslide." 

Esteban Moctezuma 
Barragan, Labastida's 
campaign manager, 
began to claim victory 
soon after the polls 
closed at 6 p.m. 

Officials in the campaign of 
Madrazo, who has long experi-
ence at fighting tenaciously when 
he is behind in a race, insisted 
that he had won and appeared to 
be laying the groundwork for a 
battle royal over the results of the 
election. 

The primary broke with seven 
decades of authoritarian tradition 
in which the incumbent president 
picked his successor in a ritual 

Labastida , 
57, served as President Zedillo's 
interior minister, the No.2 cabi-
net minister, and has had a 
steady 37-year career in govern-
ment posts. He promised gradual 
reforms to make the PRI less cor-
rupt and more democratic, and 
greater spending on social pro-
grams for the working class if he 
becomes president. 

- Julia Preston 
Tile New York Times 

South Revisits Racist Cases 
BIRMINGHAM, Ala. - A 

federal grand jury has been 
hearing evidence for more than a 
year in a 1963 racist bombing 
that killed four black girls in a 
downtown Binninghalll church. 

In Louisiana, the wife of one 
of the first black deputy sheriffs 
in a small parish met last month 
with a prosecutor who recently 
began re-examining the 1965 
killing of her husband in an 
ambush. 

And in Mississippi, a white 
man pleaded guilty this sum-
mer, and three others are to go 
on trial this week, in the 1970 
killing of a black sharecropper 
who was beaten and found dead 
in a rural river. 

Across the South, these and 
other unresolved, racially moti-
vated killings of blacks from the 
civil rights era are under new 
scrutiny. This fresh round of 
investigations into the long-ago 
killings, many of which had 
been ignored by authorities for 
years, was inspired by the well-
publicized conviction in 1994 of 
an aging white defendant in the 

1963 assassination of 
Mississippi civil rights leader 

Medgar Evers. 
For years, black community 

leaders and relatives of victims 

Blacks have steadily 
gained political power 
and have pushed for 
these cases to be heard 
before today's racially 
diverse juries. 
had complained about the lack 
of action in both the higher-pro-
file and the lesser-known of 
these cases. But recently their 
urgings have been taken more 
seriously, experts and historians 
say, because the South's politi-
cal, social and legal climate has 
changed significantly since the 
era of the killings. 

Blacks have steadily gained 
political power and have!uShed 
for these cases to be hear before 
today's racially diverse juries. At 
the same time, more witnesses, 

perhaps with less fear of retalia-
tion and with heavy consciences 
they want to unburden, are com-
ing forward . 

And a new breed of prosecu-
tors and investigators, feeling an 
urgency as many witnesses and 
defendants in the cases grow 
old, is realizing the important 
role that resolving these cases 
can play in the South's efforts to 
move beyond its past of racial 
hate and terrorism. 

"In the South, we now have a 
black constituency that has polit-
ical clout, and a white con-
stituency that is not against 
these hatemongers being 
brought to justice," said David 
Sansing, professor emeritus of 
history at the University of 
Mississippi . "And the black con-
stituency, emboldened by new-
found political power, is saying, 
'Justice delayed is justice denied, 
so let's quit denying this justice: 
Surprisingly, they are being met 
with sympathy from district 
attorneys." 

- Emily Yellin 
Tile New York Times 

Gore and Bradley Offer Differing 
Approaches on Health Care Policy 

WASHINGTON The 
debate over health policy now.. 
being waged in the Democratic 
presidential primary campaign 
is not simply about cost esti-
mates, political positioning and 
appeals to Democratic con-
stituencies. Health policy experts 
say Vice President AI Gore and 
former Sen. Bill Bradley have 
very different visions about how 
to deal with the nation's 44.3 mil-
lion uninsured. 

Both men, these experts say, 
were clearly affected by the fail-
ure of President Clinton's health 
care proposal in 1994. But they 
responded to that history in dif-
ferent ways. Bradley is propos-
ing a big program, without the 
government mandates and cost 
controls of the Clinton plan, and 
he is being accused of promising 
more than he can deliver. Gore 
chose to build incrementally on 

existing programs, and he is 
being accused of aiming too low. 

Bradley would create a vast 
new system of subsidies and tax 
credits that would, he says, cover 
all children and provide access to 
affordable coverage to all adults. 
It would allow anyone to buy 

• private insurance through the 
program that insures federal 
workers, the Federal Employees 
Health Benefits Program. And 
the people who depend on 
Medicaid, the 34-year-old pro-
gram for the poor, for their health 
insurance would be "main-
streamed" into this broader sys-
tem with federal subsidies. 

Gore's plan would try to 
guarantee access to health cov-
erage to all children by 2005 by 
expanding eligibility for the 
Children's Health Insurance 
Program, which was established 
two years ago for children in 

families not poor enough for 
Medicaid but not affluent 
enough to buy private insur-
ance. I! would also allow their 
uninsured parents to enroll in 
that program. 

And it would allow many 
uninsured Americans ages 55 to 
65 to buy into the Medicare pro-
gram, a proposal made previ-
ously by the Clinton administra-
tion . . 

Health policy experts are tak-
ing this debate seriously, recog-
nizing that the ideas thrashed 
out in the 1992 presidential cam-
paign framed the legislative 
struggle of the following two 
years. And many of them said 
they were thrilled to see the 
issue come back - and eager to 
see the Republicans follow suit. 

- Robin Toner 
Tire New York Times 



10 NEWS 

POSTING: 
New policy bans 
material on balconies 
Continued from ..... 1 
competing interests in student 
residences; the university wants 
to promote freedom of expres-
sion, but it also feels it should 
provide a nourishing, non-hos-
tile environment for students. 

Under the new policy, nothing 
can be posted on the exterior bal-
conies or railings of apartment 
room or residence halls. 
Anything posted inside a bed-
room or on an inside window that 
faces outside is acceptable regard-
less of content as long as it does 
not otherwise interfere with the 
operation of doors or windows, or 

PITCH: 
Some possess trait 
without using it 
Continued from paC. 1 
might be a genetic predisposi-
tion for po sessing perfect pitch. 

"For people with absolute 
pi tch, naming a note is as simple 
and immediate as naming an 
object's color," Deutsch stated. 
"For most people, absolute pitch 
has a lways seemed a mysterious 
and extraordinary gift that one 
is either born with or [that is] 
extremely difficult to acquire. 
Now we know that this isn't 
necessarily true." 

Music Professor Richard 
Moore said that absolute pitch is 
indeed innate in some people 
and ome who possess this trait 
never use it because it is not 
associa ted with musical ability. 
Moore sa id he is not surprised 
by Deutsch's findings. 

LIMITED 

endanger health or safety. 
In addition, postings in com-

mon living areas of suites and 
apartments must be removed if 
anyone living in the suite or 
apartment objects to it. 

Changes were also made to 
where and how non-commercial 
literature, such as flyers and 
posters from student organiza-
tions, can be posted. The new 
policy states that fliers must be 
approved by the manager of the 
area or facility used prior to 
posting. 

The new policy also states 
that "chalking" is not permitted 
anywhere on campus. 

Muir Resident Dean Pat 
Danylyshyn-Adams said she 
supports First Amendment 
rights but hopes students will 
exercise those rights Wisely. 

"Mandarin is a tonal lan-
guage, unlike English, and in 
this language the speakers 
change their tone and pitch 
inflections to change the mean-
ing of a word," Moore said . 
"Thus Mandarin speakers are 
precisely aware of pitch distinc-
tions. English 's equivalent is 
that we change the meaning of a 

"For people with 
absolute pitch, naming a 
note is as simple and 
immediate as naming an 
object's color." 

-DI_Deubch 
UCSD psychologist 

word by vowel frequencies, not 
tonal differences." 

Moore also said that possess-
ing perfect pitch can sometimes 
be a frustrating, negative quality 
for musicians. People with 
absolute pitch can be so precise 

SEATING-

ADVANCE 

RESERVATIONS 

The UCSD Guardian 

"I think anything that pro-
tects the rights of individuals is 
very important to uphold," 
Danylyshyn-Adams said. "My 
only concern has to do with the 
sensitivity of individuals in the 
community. While offensiveness 
is personal opinion, we still have 
community standards that I 
hope people will uphold." 

Danylyshyn-Adams also said 
that although the changes will 
guarantee more freedom for stu-
dents, she did not see any major 
problems in the past. 

"The changes are more explic-
itly going to protect rights and 
that's what we should be doing," 
Danylyshyn-Adams said . ") 
think people generally have had 
respect for each other and the 
community and that's why we 
haven't had major problems." 

with a note and its tone that they 
can interpret music " the wrong 
way" because the tone they are 
playing might not be in accor-
dance with the tone others are 
playing. Everyone else may then 
interpret a note differently 
because they do not possess per-
fect pitch. 

In previous research, Deutsch 
showed that most people are 
able to use some form of perfect 
pitch in perceiving music, even 
though they are unable to con-
SCiously categorize musical 
notes by name. 

Deutsch was the first 
researcher in the field to estab-
lish a direct correlation between 
music perception and the pro-
duction of speech and language. 
Deutsch previously identified 
other musical illusions and 
found that differences in how 
we perceive music can also dif-
fer depending on biological fac-
tors, such as whether someone is 
right or left-handed . 

BOMB: 
Scare turned out to 
be a false alarm 
ContIIIued from ..... 1 
about 20 minutes, using tradi-
tional methods, to determine the 
package was harmless. 

"It was just a letter or some 
sort of application to the campus 
that had a lot of writing on it," 
said Jim Joy, a detective with the 
bomb squad. "It wasn't made to 
look like a bomb, but because of 
the suspiciousness of the pack-
age, we had to come ou!." 

At the time of the event, 
Chancellor Albert Camesale said 
that the university was taking the 
situation seriously. 

"The odds are that this is noth-
ing, but you don't want to take 
chances with people's lives and 
safety," Carnesale said. "We're 
being conservative about things 
like this." 

The outer envelope that the 
package came in was thrown 
away several days ago, police said . 

Since that time, the package 
had been passed from desk to 
desk in the graduate admissions 
office until someone decided to 
call the bomb squad . 

The envelope was filled with 
letters about revolution and 
teaching practices, along with a 
cigarette, McKinney said. 

- Daily Bruill 

lew T ..... to R.v ..... 
LIIw a ..... .., Acce .. to 
Explicit Mat ...... 

BLACKSBURG, Va. - Six 
Virginia professors have request-
ed the revocation of a statute that 
prohibits state employees from 
accessing sexually explicit mater-
ial on the Intemet. 

The professors believe the law 

Monday, November 8,1999 

not only violates First 
Amendment rights but also 
severely hinders their ability to 
do research. 

U.S. District Judge Leonie 
Brinkema ruled the law unconsti-
tutional after it was challenged in 
February 1998. However, the 4th 
District Federal Court of Appeals 
overturned Brinkema's decision, 
the Associated Press stated. 

Meyers and o:le of the profes-
sors opposing the law said the pro-
fessors have joined forces with the 
American Civil Liberties Union 
and asked the appeals court to 
overturn its previous-ruling. 

The Associated Press said the 
law was intended to disallow 
state employees from wasting 
taxpayer money on inappropriate 
uses of the Internet. 

- Tile Collegiatr Timl's 

OnUne C .... Not •• Stir 
DeINd. N •• onwlde 

WACO, Texas - Controversy 
from professors around the coun-
try is heating up as students are 
embracing Versity.com, an online 
"knowledge center" that collects 
lecture notes from coUeges across 
the U.S. and publishes them on 
the internet. The site boasts top-
quality lecture notes for more than 
3,500 classes on 88 campuses. 

Although some universities 
have banned the sale of lecture 
notes, students continue to sell 
their materials for approximately 
$8 per lecture. 

The Harvard Crimsoll stated 
that although the lecture notes on 
the web site are free, professors 
from around the country are 
warning students that the notes 
may not prove helpful or even 
accurate. Many say students who 
go to every class and take their 
own notes will be more involved 
in their courses and are more 
likely to do better. 

- TIll' lAriat 

,,'inter (llJal'll'r 
COlIJ'se ()ITt'I'iIlIlS 

C 

Law & 
Society 

Anthropology/Geo 169· Law, Medicine & Culture OONeu' CollrJ(oO 
Communication/SF 139B· Law, Communication & Freedom of Expression 
DOC 2 • Justice (Marshall College students only) 
Linguistics Gen 105· Law and Language 

REQUIRED 

History US lSI • American Legal History since1865 
History US 169· American Legal & Constitutional History 
Political Science I04F· Seminar in Constitutional Law 

Political Science I04L· Positive Political Theory of Law 
SociologyB 120S • Homelessness in America 
SociologyB 142. Social Deviance 

SociologyC 159 • Crimes Without Victims 

Law and Society 101· Contemporary Legal Issues 
Founders: Law, Environment, and Human Development 
Instructor, Thomas Banon 
Mon .• Wed.·Fri. 10:10·11:00 a.m., Soli. 104 
Section 1t367978 
The live.part course will focus on the impact on law and society by each of the live 
UCSD college namesakes. The course will be structured as follows: 

Thurgood Marshall: Ide .. of Equality 
John Muir: Responsibility to the Environment 
Roger Revelle: Replstion of Technol"6}' 
Eleanor RooHvlelt: Human Ripts and Social r.e,;alation 
Earl Warren, F rami", a Modem Society 

For further information call (858) 534-1704, stop by the 
Literature Building, Room 3238, or check the web site: 

http://provost.ucsd.edulwarren 

Monday, November 8, 1999 The UCSD Guardian FEATURES II 

David Lee/ Guard/1JIl 
Abo .. : As winter's ice thaws, and blackened skies unfold a world of majestic 
lakes and lush vegetation opens up, as in this natural setting. 

Da\IId Lee/G-.tIan 
Above: Twenty-four hour summer days grace Alaska's glittering lakes with 
constant sunlight. This day captures Alaska's true beauty. 

Go to Where 
the Wild 

Things Are 
Alaska is as cold and aloof to its fellow 

states as its icy and rugged terrain 

It was a hazy weeknight at 2 a.m. and summer was only a few weeks away. I had hit that mid-college life-crisis pOint and caught the bug to get away - to escape. Surfing the post-midnight run of shows on the tube, I found my Mecca shining on the Travel. Channel : Alaska: .. A montage of aerial panoramas rangmg from Island·slzed glacler.s m 
the Beaufort Sea to the winding white currents of the Yukon River 

assaulted my senses with overwhelming vitality. The deep voice-over was by 
the guy from all those NFL highli~ht reels, and when ~e started the ,~ntroduc. 
tion with "Go. Go to where the Wild thmgs are. Expenence Alaska, the Jack 
London inside me was already looking up the closest REI. Surprisingly, I had 
no trouble finding people to go with me. College is often a hotbed of frustra-
tion and confusion, especially when graduation comes closer to reahty .. 

I made the drive from San Diego, Calif. to Fairbanks, Ala . accompanted by 
three friends in a 1996 Subaru sedan allowing about five weeks for the tnp: It 
takes a solid week to drive up there, plus another three to four days to enJoy 
the scenic sites. Either the drive to Alaska or from Alaska should be devoted to 
the leisurely pace. The reason 
should be pretty straightforward: 
You're basically touring the North-
ern Hemisphere on the way up. The 
cost is somewhat cheap if you' re 
willing to live on soup and peanut 
butter sandwiches. 

Alaska is its own 
country and many of its 
citizens refer to the rest 
of the nation as the 
"lower 48." The 
geography is as terse 
and rugged as its 
shotgun-toting 
inhabitants. 

The first thing to remember 
about Alaska, however, is that the 
whole "state" title that precedes it is 
a fa~ade . Alaska is its own country 
and many of its citizens refer to the 
rest of the nation as the "lower 48." 
The geography is as terse and 
rugged as its shotgun-toting inhabi-
tants. So unless you 're planning to 
devote the next year to discovering 
the whole Alaskan experience, it 
would be wiser to plan out a particular area of interest. The following is an out· 
line of the bare essentials you'll need to get to Alaska as well as the four baSIC 
geographical divisions of Alaska. Discussing all the stops m between would 
make this into a weekly column. Sasquatch Book's Nortllwest Budget T~avell'r 
(1998) by Nancy Leson, however, is a nice companion with cheap travel lips on 
the Northwest Coast with some "affordable adventure" offered as well. 

TIming Is Everything . 
Ever thought it would be brighter at midnight than at n~n? I was cata-

loging this future bar tale while fishing in a small lake near Falrb~nks . Alaska 
not only enjoys extreme temperatures, but ItS version of daylight savmgs 
throws ours out the window. Expect 24-hour daylight during the summer 
months. Alaskan winters do have 24-hour darkness, but that small phenome-
non called the Aurora Borealis keeps the nights interesting. 

The temperature is no small consideration either. The peak summ~r and 
winter months Uune, July and December, January) should be aVOIded If your 
body is used to temperate San Diego weather. . 

Mosquitoes are also a huge factor. Huge. These suckers can get to the size 
of grapes, and they travel in droves with a "seek and destroy" attitude. Any-
body who goes during the late spring to early summer months should expect 
to gain a deep and intense hatred for mosquitoes.. . 

With all this in mind, the best time to visit Alaska IS early sprmg. The mos-
quitoes still haven't realized winter is over and the temperature is the most 
comfortable. Whatever the season, rain is always a pOSSibility, so travelers 
should keep a parka or thick jacket handy. 
Avoid Migraines 

Just as important as food and shelter, your company will either make.or 
break your trip. Although the idea of bringing a stranger or a new aC9uam-
tance may have a romantic quality of its own, you really don't want to nsk the 
chance that he's a homicidal maniac. Remember "Something About Mary"? 
Don't be an urban legend. Don't pick up hitch-hikers. Also make sure the 
friends you are bringing aren't carrying so much emotional baggage that it'll 
flood the overall vibe. Courtesy can only last through a few states. 

Cotton Is Not the fabric of Our Lives 
The good old backpack is your best bet when traveling through Alaska's 

rugged terrain. But make sure it's sturdy enough to make It through gravel 

See ALASKA, Page 12 

Story b~ David Lee 
Senior Staff Writer 

... , • " " • , , , , , , • " , , , , " f , , , , , , , .. , .. , • , , f f , , ....... , ,,, " .. ,.... , 
, ; , • f f , • f ; t , . .. . ~ f ~ , , f, .. , , • , .. • f' .. , ... . ....... , .. t • " f , .. 



12 FEATIJRES 

ALASKA: 
Over the river and 
through woods 
Continued from ..... 11 
airstrips, and buying a water-
proof one will keep the stress 
hairs on your head. An internal 
frame will help in tight airplane 
compartments, particularly on 
any chartered flights. 

Mosquito repellent in Alaska is 
like holy water in a vampire circle 
- you' ll need it to survive. 
Depending on your blood type and 
other particulars, scientists tell us 
that, your use of StingEze (the local 
Alaskan cure) or Lanacane on mos-
quito bites will range from moder-
ate to heavy. In summer evenings 
on the tundra, you do not want to 
leave the house or tent without bug 
netting. 

The UCSD Guardian Monday. November 8. 1999 

ing" their horizons on the trip, one 
should be very wary of the Cana-
dian border. If you're not wearing 
Brady Bunch gear, chances are 
you'D be asked to pull over and 
have your car searched. Sniffing 
dogs and customs officers promiS-
ing leniency if you confess will 
orily bring a headache. So keep 
your habits stateside, or just find it 
across the border in Vancouver. It's 
called the "Amsterdam of North 
America" for a reason. 

Which Alaska Is Right for You ... 

During the summer, layering is 
the best option, starting with some 
light silk or polypropylene under-
wear. Wool sweaters are (lice on 
the chilly nights, when it rains. 
Sweatpants with elastic cuffs and 
knee-high rubber boots are' the 
common fashion in Native Ameri-
can villages. T-shirts and shorts 
will be crucial for those 9O-degree-
plus days in the interior of Alaska. 
Avoid wearing cotton in the 
wilderness, however. Swimsuits 
and water socks will be nice to 
have for lakes and public pools. 

0evkI Lee/~" 
Temperatures get so extreme in the summer months. ~ee-plus, that one can only hope for a 
repose on a lake. 

As said earlier, Alaska is a coun-
try of extremes with polar environ-
ments from one end of the state to 
the other. Alaska also shares a 
unique quality in that Alaskan 
natives have a different legal and 
historical relationship with the 
U.s. government than the natives 
of the lower 48. There is a strong 
native influence throughout most 
cities, but many villages are only 
accessible by plane or chartered 
bus. There is information below 
concerning touring arrangements 
for Native American villages. 
When speaking to an Alaskan 
native, one should be respectful of 
the. fact that he or she comes from 
a particular tribe. So, call them by 
their tribal affiliation, rather than 
the generic all~mpassing term, 
Native American. 

Winter is cold, very cold. Never 
ever wear down-filled material 
because if it gets wet, you'll freeze 
to death. Cotton has the same effect 
because of its lack of insulation. 

,With Arctic chills measuring 80 
degrees below zero, hypothermia 
becomes a very real possibility. 
Alaskan winters call for heavy 
artillery where clothing is con-
cerned. Gore-Tex and polypropy-
lene equipment come in handy. 
They' re built for insulating dry 
heat and keeping the wet chill out. 

If you have some extra money, this 
would be a very wise investment. 
Sunglasses or goggles are essential 
to avoid turning snow-blind. Don't 
stress too much, though. There are 
fully stocked shops at cheaper 
prices in all Alaskan cities and 
major towns. 
It's the Motion of the Ocean 

Your mode of transportation is 
not as important as you think it is. 
Airlines and cruises remove the 
"road" aspect from the trip, but 
Alaska has enough juice to fill your 
adventure cup. Concerning cars, 
big sport utilities do make the trip 
more comfortable, but gassing that 
beast could cost as much as $60 a 
tank in some Canadian areas. 

Dependability is the key issue 
when choosing a car. The roads are 
paved and construction zones all 
have safety trucks to guide drivers 
through the mess. So if it's a choice 
between a shaky truck or a 
dependable sedan, go for the car 
you feel most comfortable driving 
in the middle of nowhere with the 
closest gas station 40 miles away. 
Talk to your insurance company 
about your coverage throUgh 
Canada. 

Bacon Will Always Be Bacon 
Law-abiding citizens know 

that the law should always be 
kept in observance. Speeding is 
most delicious, however, on those 
empty stretches of void that con-

tinue into more nothingness. 
When you hit the Canadian side, 
the 40 to 6O-mile speed limits 
with one-lane highways seem like 
a slobbering invitation to break 
some Hmounty" authority. But 
catching American speeders is a 
pastime for the Royal Canadian 
Mounted Police. California plates 
are like double-stuffed jelly 
donuts to all highway patrolmen. 
If it's a choice between you and 
someone from Oregon, it's over. If 
the blue-ticket fairies do get ahold 
of you, don't stress. It can even be 
funny depending on the circum-
stances. I got a ticket in Tok, Ala. 
from Officer Weed. Irony is defi-
nitelya living force. 

For those plaMing on H expand-

On its most basic scale, Alaska 
can be divided into four parts -
the Southeast, Southwest, Interior 
and the Arctic. The Southeast is 
comprised primarily of hundreds 
of forested islands and glacier-
carved fjords. These islands create 
a barrier from the Pacific Ocean's 
turbid conditions and the result is 
safe waters from Puget Sound in 
Washington to the Gulf of Alaska. 

Because of its geography, most 
of the Southeast can only be 
accessed through plane or ship. 
Even the capital, Juneau, is inac-

See ALASKA, Page 19 

P------------------------
the student run, student initiated 
committee for community outreach 

Put your ideas into 

Third Grant Proposal workshop: 

N~veinber 9th 
5-6 pm Struknt LelUlership Chllmben 

make an 

ick up an application on the 3rd floor of Price 
Center, Associated Students V.P. of Finance 

Officc for a grant to fund your outreach ideas. 

For more information call 534-0475 

BE THE 
STUDENT RE6ENT! 

Applications are due Friday! 
Information Session, Thurs. Nov. 11th Noon 

Student Leadership Chambers 
3rd Floor PrIce Center 

The Student Regent •.. 

• 
• 
• 

Is a Full voting Regent 
Has all fees paid 
Receives parklng ••• FREE ••• 
at all UC campuses ••• 
all year 

Pick up an application TODAY at 
the following offices: 

Dean's, GSA, AS 

Brought to you by: 

Monday. November 8.1999 The UCSD Guardian FEATURES 13 
-

THE EDITOR'S SOAPBOX 
Pop Music of the Millenium Approaching Monotone 
but also in lost sleep and work. 
The experiences, however, were 
once in a lifetime. Even though I 
may have paid a hefty price, I do 
not regret it. Live music is always 
the most genuine and authentic 
way to experience music. 

Centuries ago, the only way to 
listen to music was live. Today we 
have these nifty little things called 

enough to admit they actually lis-
ten to that station), but 1 found that 
92.5 was more daring in its playlist 
selections. I heard a lot of current 
alternative music as well as 
favorites from the '80s. They didn't 
restrict themselves to the over-
played singles heard on other 
radio stations. I began to think of 
92.5 as the "new" 91X. 

be even more daring in selecting 
its play list. It needs to see the 
huge gap in San Diego radio. 

I commute a long distance to 
UCSD, and I now spend much of 
my time in the car pushing but-
tons, jumping from one station to 
the next, searching in vain for a 
good song. Very often, I pop in a 
tape or switch to AM. 

decides what song to overplay 
next. The cycle continues until, 
years from now, the ongs are 
bound together into one album 
similar to the compilations of '80s 
hits that we have today. Very rarely 
are we expected to actually appre-
ciate and admire the artists we lis-
ten to. We are simply spoon-fed 
the album singles. 

VINCENT GRAGNANI 
Senior Staff Writer 

"Hang the OJ, hang the DJ, 
hang the DJ, hang the DJ .... " 

These words to the Smiths' 
song "Panic" have echoed in my 
head often lately. Not because I 
am a violent person or a support-
er of capital punishment, but 
because I am fed up with the 
quality of music aired on radio 
stations today. Maybe I'm just 
picky, but I've found myself lis-
tening to the radio less and less. 
Does anyone out there agree? 

I spend much of my time in the car pushing buttons, jumping from 
one station to the next, searching in vain for a good song. Very 
often, I pop in a tape or switch to AM. 

While I hope that everyone 
who buys CDs takes the time to lis-
ten to the lesser-known tracks, it is 
sad to think that there are people 
so controlled by radio that they 
only listen to the singles over and 
over again before setting an album 
aside and forgetting about it. 

In my quest for good music 
and a good live show, I drove to 
Los Angeles twice last month. On 
two consecutive days, I made two 
separate trips to a tiny amrhithe-
ater to see one artist that really 
admire. Friends, family and fel-
low Guardian employees told me 1 
was crazy. 

I've been told that I am 
obsessed. I've been called a stalk-
er for going so far out of my way 
to see this artist. 1 just think I take 
some of my music very seriously. 

Also, I mustn't forget that one 
week prior to these L.A. shows, I 
went to a music festival in Indio,_ 
near Palm Springs. 

The cost lor these concerts was 
tremendous, not just in money, 

radios, which pump music into the 
airwaves. How convenient; all the 
music we want on several stations 
for true variety, right? Wrong. I 
can't find a lot of the music I enjoy 
on the radio at all. 

During the '80s (so I have been 
told), San Diego radio was at its · 
best. 91X was a true alternative 
station, playing artists such as the 
Smiths, Joy Division and 10,000 
Maniacs. Even these groups don't 
come dose to truly representing 
the rebelliousness of 91 X back in 
the day. Is anyone familiar with 
Bauhaus or Love and Rockets? 
Certainly not anyone raised on 
today's radio. Unfortunately, I 
was too young to be much of a 
music fan back in the '80s, and so 
most of this is hearsay. 

During my high school and 
early college years, I relied on 92.5, 
then known as 'The Rash," for my 
fix of alternative music. Yes, I still 
listened to 91X and other stations, 
including "Star 100.7" (it's amaz-
ing how few people are honest 

That ended a few years ago 
when 92.5 changed formats. A 
moment of silence was held at 
Street Scene the year the station 
was bought. An obituary-type 
piece ran in the San Diego Union-
Tribune lamenting the loss of the 
station. 

These days I find a huge gap in 
San Diego's radio scene. Nearly 
every station in the county is 
owned by a huge conglomerate. 
The so-called alternative stations 
are either out of business or too 
mainstream to be considered 
alternative. 

"Sets" 102.1 is the only local 
station I know of not bound to 
simply playing the album singles. 
And, its format of playing sets of 
songs from one artist encourages 
appreciation of an artist's work. 

I appreciate the fact that "Sets" 
102.1 offers listeners somewhat of 
an alternative to what I consider 
mainstream radio. Unfortunately, 
its selection of music does not 
always appeal to me. It needs to 

By constantly switching sta-
tions, I failed to realize the con-
stant repetition of songs on cer-
tain stations. It was not until we 
started listening to the radio more 
at The Guardian that I noticed that 
one station will playa song three 
times in a matter of hours. People 
in the office know (and are 
aMoyed by the fact) that I keep a 
tally in my head of how many 
times we have heard the same 
song. (For some reason, when we 
are working frantically and have 
missed our deadline by over an 
hour, people don't want to hear 
me talk about how many times 
we've heard the same song, 
which is why I'm writing this.) 

It boggles my mind that sta-
tions can play a song over and 
over and over again, hoping it 
will stick in the minds of listeners. 
The result is sickening. 

It seems that many people go 
about their business with the same 
tunes stuck in their head until they 
get sick of it, and a radio station 

I know I am not the only one 
annoyed by the fact that certain 
singles are extremely overplared. 
I know that many others fee the 
way I do about the state of San 
Diego radio. So why are we stuck 
with a bunch of stations all doing 
the same thing? Why has "mar-
ket-research," which so many sta-
tions rely upon heavily, failed to 
detect that there is a need for a 
true alternative station? 

As for me, I think it's time a 
take a real break from the radio. 
Even with my modest CO and tape 
collection, I'll still experience more 
musical variety than that which is 

. played on the radio. 
I will continue to trade tapes 

with friends and seek good music 
through word of mouth. And liv-
ing in a city with some of the best 
local artists, I can always broaden 
my horizons cheaply and in an 
old-fashioned way by going to 
local coffee houses or other music 
venues. Goodbye FM, I won't miss 
you. 

·'i' AT&T CERFNET INVITES YOU TO AnEND AN 
Broaden Your Horizons 

By Working with a Dynamic Research Group 
(And Bring Your Sense of Humorl) 

Part-time (15hrs./wk. minimum) academic year, full·tlme (40 hrs./wk.) summer pOSition 
is available providing clerical and administrative support for an interesting and fun 25-
person research group. Duties include maintaining group research paper files and 
reference database; arranging travel; filing; photocopying; answering phones; and running 
errands on and off campus. 
Pay is S8/hr. Position is open to a student who will be at UCSD for at least 1 more ~ar 
and who is bright. hard working, detail oriented, with strong analytic and problem-solving 
Skills, and a very dependable self-starter capable of working independently under general 
supervision, following through on tasks, and proofing own work. 
Preferred: Strong computer experience in Microsoft Office Suite and a demonstrated 
ability to learn various word processing, database, e·mail, and spreadsheet software. 
S.".",.: Growth potent'e' end FIe.fe De,., 
For ... plclll ................ - tile ............ Group"""': http://wW!H!I!!oruIc: 

(Career SerYices Center, JOP-iob 1101481047, Asst. III) 

Adop't-A-Family for 
lhanksgiving! __ __ 

"""'-" ...... iiIIl 
Provide a Much Needed Thanksgiving Meal to a Family 

in Need During this Holiday Season. 
.For More In~rmation, 

Stop By the Volunteer Connection. 
2nd Floor Price Center 

Or, Con ted Debra Na~unz at 534- 1414 

Sponsor ed by tht-~ A.S. Volunteer Connection 
Community need, Student action! 

AT OUR HEADQUARTERS IN THE 
SAN DIEGO TECH CENTER IN SORRENTO VALLEY 

AT&T i$ building an induatry leading, facilities based giobailP network. 
We are seeking enthu$ia$tic and technically competent self-$tarters with a H can 
do" and teamwork attitude. Help U$ build AT& T'$ next generation gigabit IP network 
and $tote of the art eontent di$tribution/web hO$ting data centen! As port of our 
team, you will have the opportunity to design, deploy, and operate a reliable 
network that touches over 100 eities worldwide. 
We haw num ..... s openings for Entry Level through Senior 
Management positions. 

Help u. on our way to become lite number one ISP Worldwide. 

SATURDAY, NOV. 13 
10ilm-3pm 

9805 Scranton Road 
San Diego, CA 92121 

Entry Level/Professional • Network Operation$ 
Job Openings in: • Provi$ioning/ln$tallation$ 

• Network Engineering & Architectur"e 
• Web HO$ting 
• Software Development 
• S)'$tems Admini$tration 

Plea .. email yourresumeandRSVPtojobfairecerf.net 
We look forward to seeing you therel 

For more information : www.cerf.net 



14 FEATURES The UCSD Guardian Monday, Novc;mber 8, 1999 

Cognitive Science Explores Different Intelligence Systems 
When dealing with the brain, one encounters a lattice work of disciplines deriving from the social and biological sciences 

ma or 
--_ .. _-.. Issues 

KEVIN SEID 
Contributing Features 

Writer 

world. 
The philosophy of the depart-

ment challenges students and its 
faculty to be knowledgeable in 
and sympathetic to a wide range 
of fields. This approach empha-
sizes three main areas of study: 
brain, behavior and computation. 

The study of the brain exam-
ines the neurological anatomy 
and processes underlying cogni-
tion ranging from the simple neu-
ron to higher-level brain systems. 

The study of behavior exllm-
ines cognitive phenomena such 
as attention, memory, emotion, 
development, language and rea-

of specialty that they are interest-
ed in. 

Undergraduates may elect to 
receive a Bachelor of Arts or a 
Bachelor of Science degree in 
cognitive science. The BS 
requires more rigorous lower-
division course work in math 
and three additional upper-divi-
sion electives. 

Students also have the option 
to receive a BS degree with an 
area of specialization. The areas 
of specialization provide guid-
ance in chOOSing electives as well 
as make specific interests and 
training more clear to graduate 

take lower-division math classes. 
Those aiming for a BA degree 
may take the Math lOABC series 
or the Math 20ABC series. Those 
wanting a BS degree must take 
four math classes: 20A, 20B, 20C 
or 21C and 20F. 

Three required, three-quarter, 
upper-division sequences form 
the core of the major. These core 
sequences reflect the depart-
ment's three-pronged approach 
to cognition. The 101 series relates 
to the behavior branch, the 107 
series to neurobiology and the 
108 series to the computation 
branch. 

from textbooks and readers. Stu-
dents taking classes relating to 
the computation branch com-
monly complain about spending 
too many hours working on com-
puter programming assignments 
in the lab. It's not uncommon to 
see fellow students sharing a 
pizza at 2 a.m. and pulling their 
hair out over a program that is 
due the follOWing morning. 

The field of cognitive science 
is the study of the mind, brain 
and intelligent behavior in 
humans, animals and machines. 
ThIs young field explores how 
intelligent systems such as 
brains and computers operate 
and behave. 

Cognitive science is an inter-
diciplinary study. It incorporates 
the most fundamental aspects of 
basic neuroscience to higher-
order interactions of humans, in 
real life and diverse situations. It 
relies on neurobiological data and 
computer simulation of cogni-
tion. 

"The philosophy of the department challenges students and its fac- . 
ulty to be knowledgeable in and sympathetic to a wide range of 
fields. The interdisciplinary program draws from neuroscience, psy-
chology, computer science, anthropology, linguistics, sociology and 
philosophy." 

A common complaint from 
majors is that the coursework is 
not well organized. There is a lot 
of overlap between cognitive sci-
ence classes, especially the core 
courses. Many feel that 107C 
essentially is a review of both 17 
and 107 A. The 101 series has 
similar problems where the 
same material seems to be revis-
ited again and again. The 108 
series is the only core sequence 
that has some structure. 

However, the task of integrat-
ing the disciplines of neuro-
science a~d computer science is 
accomplished efficiently. 

UCSD is one of the leading 
centers of cognitive science. The 
founding meeting of the Cogni-
tive Science Society was held here 
in 1979, making the field an inter-
nationally visible enterprise. An 
interdisciplinary program in cog-
nitive science was established 
and it brought together philoso-
phers, linguists, psyChologists, 
computer scientists, anthropolo-
gists, sociologists and neuroscien-
tists. The department was found-
ed in 1986, the first in the entire 

soning. This area uses experimen-
tal methods and results from the 
study of language, psychology 
and the sociocultural environ-
ment. 

The study of computation 
looks into the power and limits of 
representational formats. These 
formats include formal logic, arti-
ficial intelligence, neural network 
models, computer modeling and 
the studies of computational 
machines. 

The Major 
The flexibility of the degree 

allows students to individualize 
their degree and focus on an area 

Se rv i ng h e wor ld 
isn't ea sy. Bu t n ow 
the re's a place where 
the serve'rs get served. 
Vent, meet fr i ends, 
and find out wher e 
the action goes after 
hours. Gi v e us your 
wors cus orner story 
and you can v,'in prizes, 
too. I 's all good and 
i 's a Ii h e r e . Hey, 
wai er! Click on this-
www.flyinthesoup.c om. 

No purchase neceuary Ends 141h dooy of each monlh. MUll be 18 Of oIder.IO 
~t.r. To obtain. copy of the officl., rule., lend. se",addr.ssed stlmped 
envelope 10 FlylnTheSoup.com. Ann: Rule. , 737 N. Michogon Avo .. Su." eoo. 
ChIcago, IL 60611 (WA and VT 'H!den" mayor"" relum poo'agel. Void in FL 
and NY and whe,. proh,btled 

schools and employers. The fol-
lowing focus areas are offered: 
neuroscience, computation, 
human cognition and clinical 
aspects Of cognition. 

The major requires three 
lower-division cognitive courses. 
Cognitive Science 14 introduces 
students to the methods of 
designing and analyzing cogni-
tive science experiments and is a 
rigorous statistics course. CS 17 is 
an introductory course in neuro-
biology. CS 18 introduces the C 
programming language and its 
use in modeling cognitive phe-
nomena. 

Students are also required to 

MONDAYS. 
THURSDAYS 

EARN SI6,500 
FOR COLLEGE 

INJun 
I YEARS. 

Qualify for the Army's 
. 2~year enlistment option 
and you can earn up to 
$26,500 through the 
~y CoU~ Fund and 
Montgomery GI 8iU. Not 
bad fOr two years' work. 

Of coune two )ftrI is 
just enough time to ICC if 
~y life is right for you. 
It's also just enough time to 
make S~ you're mencally 
prepared for oou.. 10 by 
the time ~u get there 
you'D be a little wiler and a 
little richer. 

For specific information 
about the Army's 2~yar 
option, contact your local 
Army Recruiter or call 
1 ~800-USA~ARMY. 

(III) __ 1m 
ARMY 

• ALL lOU eM Ir 
_.prmy.com 

The BS degree requires six 
elective courses while the BA 
only requires three. Majors must 
choose electives from a list of 
approved upper-division courses 
in cognitive science, computer 
science, linguistics, philosophy 
and psychology. Half of the elec-
tives taken must be cognitive sci-
ence classes. 

Those aiming for a BS degree 
with an area of specialization 
must take 4 of the 6 electives from 
a list of classes approved for that 
area . 

Classes relating to the brain 
and behavior branches require a 
lot of reading and memorization 

Also, some majors planning to 
go straight to a specific job or 
career after graduation feel that 
the interdisciplinary study is not 
the best approach. Additionally, 
there are some that feel that the 
program may be too theoretical 
and research oriented. 

Most required courses are only 
offered once a year. The depart-
ment does strongly encourage 
majors to complete the lower-
division requirements in the first 
two years and then take core 
courses in junior year and finally 
finish electives in senior year. 

See MAJOR, Page 19 

~ 
.. 

s~ sas-
AI prica n:1udt K\lYaIion, t 1IIOIIIIw' he ..... !IM>)a15 11ft \/OOCe l11li1, ~~ PI9In9; and 

~ CIIromII, "'-* IIId La v.,.. -.,e. Some rmictoons apply. 
ACTlVATE YOUR PRE-OWNED MOER 
One.".aor1IT1t~, -yan S699tncUm• _ ........ , - __ I 
... \/OOCe l11li11 and helCllVllion -_. N11nd_1CMIICn 

YEARS FREE VOICE MAIL ON ANY ACTIVATIONI OfT • 

PAGE .Jt#E ~: 
5597-1 CIIINmont MlllIIwd. (In MIdIIon 5qI.w SIICIPPIn!J CIrMr) 61.......... • 

~~~':!,oo':t::::cr=~r~:: ·.:O~::~~t99 I 
------------------------

Are You Interested 
in a Career 

in Public Health? 
You are invited to an informative meeting with Jennifer Nixt. 

Student Affairs Officer, UCLA School of Public Health. 
Information will be provided about the admi •• ions process. 

graduate schoola' curriculum. and career opportunihes in the 
public health field. 

111111 ,,1.1\, \"\ "1111)('1 11 
". I.) -, ·Ilil f .11 \ 

"'I II..... II, I I !' I t 

Refre.hmenta WiD Be Served. Qu .. tion.? (868)634-1706 

Monday, November 8, 1999 The UCSD Guardian CALENDAR 15 

Week of November 8 • November 15, 1999 



16 FEATURES 

HOROSCOPES 

LINDA C. BLACK 
Tribune Media Services 

ARIES 
March 21 - April 19 

On Monday, figure out how to 
get what you need and keep 
what you have. Secrets are 
important, starting Tuesday. 
Don't reveal them on Wednesday, 
either. Work hard on Thursday 
and Friday so over the weekend 
you can party like an animal - a 
cuddly one. 

TAURUS 
April 20 - May 20 

Monday is a good day to form 
a partnership or to start a lawsuit. 
Tuesday and Wednesday are 
good for finding money. Travel 
on Thursday and Friday and visit 
a dear older person to repay a 
kindness over the weekend. 

GEMINI 
May 21 -June 21 

Venus goes into Libra on Mon-
day, improving your love life. 
Don't talk about it, though, espe-
cially on Tuesday and Wednesday. 
Consult a partner before spending 
on Thursday and Friday. Travel 
looks good over the weekend. 

CANCER 
jlllle 22 - july 22 

Monday's good for romance; 
make a commitment then. Don't 
gossip about it on Tuesday or 
Wednesday; you could stir up 
trouble. Discuss a partnership 
agreement further on Thursday 
and Friday so you can make a 
financial decision together over 
the weekend. 

LEO 
ju~y 23 - Aug. 22 

Take care of home and family 
on Monday. You get smarter on 
Tuesday, and you'll be lucky in 
love through Wednesday. Your 
workload increases on Thursday 
and continues through Saturday. 
You're not getting paid much, but 
finish the job anyway. Make com-
mitments on Sunday. 

VIRGO 
Aug. 23 - Sept. 22 

You' re a quick learner this 
week, especially on Monday. 
Study finances then. Make 
changes at home on Tuesday and 
Wednesday. If possible, schedule 
your romantic interlude for 
Thursday through Saturday and 
do your chores on Sunday. 

LIBRA 
Sept. 23 - Oct. 22 

Money is a concern on Mon-
day, but you get luckier then, too. 
By Tuesday, you may discover a 
secret that can help you advance. 
Keep it, especially on Wednesday 
and Thursday. Don't talk; listen 
instead. Fix things at home on Fri-
day and Saturday. Save Sunday 
for romance. 

See ~,Page 17 

Those other guys might have some of the right equipment, but at 
Copy Club, we have the latest hardware and software - and the 
know·how to use it. Take advantage of this great offer and give us 
a chance to show you the difference Copy Ctub can make with our 

brand 1ei arFREE COPIES 
SELF SERVE B/W 

ONCOP~ 

~ 
ODen 24 Hours • Costa Verde Center 

g650 Genessee Ave ., Suite 200, San Diego, CA 92122 
858-457-9500 

Nol valid wittt any olh.r (oupons or Oft8". bpiru lI/1s/" 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, November 8, 1999 

ARENA 
Did you vote on the Student 
Center expansion? 
Interviews by J •• yka Ashl_ 
Photography by Leo hankoy 

I didn't because 1 
didn't know about it 
and was too busy in 
my own life. 

John wang 
Marshall senior 

No, because by the 
time it's all done, I 
won't even be here, 
and supposedly it 
would just increase 
our tuition, and it 
wouldn't really help. 

Jennifer Fontaine 
Warren freshman 

No, I did not. I don't 
think I really knew 
anything about it. I 
didn't want to start 
voting on something 
I didn't know 
anything about. 

Mike Davl.AlIen 
Muir freshman 

No, because I knew 
nothing of it. 

Unda Asudoorl .. 
Warren senior 

No.1 wanted to, but I 
forgot when 1 got 
home. 

AhmedBalIony 
Revelle freshman 

What expansion? 

Jonathan Sexton 
Revel/e graduate student 

General Instrument's San Diego operation, Is the 
distinguished leader In secure video processing 
and communications, primarily for saieh, catiIe and 
broadcast media. We are a primary inIIentor of digital 
television - including the worId's fim aII-digIIaI high 
definition teIeYIsIon (HDTV) system. The IiICI1IIOIogy 
that evolved from our HDTV efforts went on to produce 
an MPEG-2 system used to daIMIr digital teIeYIsIon 
services to millions of subscribers around the world 
and promoted the evolution of General Instrument's 
conditional access and encryption security technology. 
Sound exciting? It is. 
But it's also challenging. 
With innovations 8IIOIving at an exponential 
pace,' GI leads the race to build solutions for this 
ever-changing marketplace. We need talented 
and motivated experts to provide Ideas that will 
go the distance. 

Are you ready to help change the world? 
Then we'd like to meet with you when we are on campus: 

INFORMAnoN SESSION . 
MonUy, Nov .... ber 15,1999, 5-7p.m. c.....,. Services Center, Multlpwpose Room. 

We win be dI8CUIIing the toIIowIng exciting career opportunities: 
• RF/ANALOG ENGINEERS • HARDWARE ENGINEERS 
• FIRMWARE ENGINEERS • SOFTWARE ENGINEERS 

The world II watchlng-lsn't it time you shcMed your stuff? 
General Instrument is • dynamic, luture-Iocuaed organization oftIring great company benetIta IncIudIna 3 -u 
vacation, • IItneaa center and much men. Our new CMIPU8 is COI1Y8nIentIy located In Somtnto Meaa. T'*"-'IId 
IndIvIduaII unable to meet wIIh UI on c:ampue may torward • reeume and COY8f letter to: o.n.r.IlnatruIMnI, 
E~ ReeourcM, MIG Sequence DrM, San DIego, CA 12121. EmaIl (A8CII .... only): .......... tII·com. 

GI Is an equal opportunity ernpIoyoar vWuIng dIYerIIty In the worIIpI8ce. 
Make '. date with destiny. 

gl.eom 
y I 10.. ' , , • I I I ,t ~ I !! I ' ,:' " I j I , I r' . 

,I 1'1 ') I 'I I l I "II 11' I " I 

Whll(' you'", th",,' n'(l"tf" WIth DIU io/) f ""/1,, f<" !>,wl()(lY .• n(/,pt t!>e' 10/" (()ml' to you 

e-Generallnstrumente 

Monday, November 8, J 999 The UCSD Guardian FEATURES 17 

Eggs Offer a Window Into the Yolk of the Human Psyche 
By BETH ARNESE 
Food Critic 

I've always believed that you can tell a 
lot about a person by what they order for 
breakfast. 

Last Saturday morning, I dined at the 
Broken Yolk Cafe on Garnett Avenue in 
Pacific Beach with about 13 other girls. As 
the weekend gOSSip flew across the table, 
some were so interested in the conversa-
tion that their eyes barely passed over the 
menu before deciding to order the stan-
dard two-egg breakfast. "Just Eggs" 
($3.95) is served with your choice of 
home fries, rice pilaf, frijoles or 
fresh fruit and your choice of 
biscuit, blueberry muffin, tor-
tillas or toast. 

Psychological analysis: 
These gOSSip queens obvi-
ously have more important 
concerns than what to order 
for breakfast. An order of "Just 
Eggs" indicates a healthy social life. 

Another type of breakfast-goer has dis-
regard for the menu for an entirely differ-
ent reason - he or she is on a diet. A par-
ticularly annoying order is one of poached 
eggs, fruit and toast without butter. I'm 
not even sure how much this would cost 
at the Broken Yolk, as it is not on the 
menu. While I have no qualms with eat-
ing this breakfast in the privacy of one's 
own home, this should never be ordered 
when dining out. 

Psychological analysis: A little uptight, 
but nevertheless very well meaning. 

My own prediction is that he or she will 
stop at In 'N Out on the way home, 
because his or her breakfast is obviously 
not satisfactory. is com-

pletely lost 

always craving something different). 
Psychological analysis: I try to be a 

perfectionist, but fail miserably. I will be 
a really annoying pregnant woman. 

Although I have never seen anyone 
order the "Broken Yolk Cafe Special (For 
the iron man or woman)" ($14.75), only the 

coolest person could ever order such a 
dish. It is "a dozen-egg omelet filled 

with mushrooms, onion, Ameri-
can cheese and smothered with 

our own chili and more 
cheese. On the other half of 
a IS-inch pizza pan is a 
generous pile of home-
fries and two of our bis-
cuits." If you can finish 
this by yourself within 
one hour, your name goes 
on the Hall of Fame 
Plaque, you get a free t-
shirt and you only have 

to pay $1 .98 for the entire 
omelettel 
Psychological interpreta-

tion: My soul mate. 
Without all the psycho-babble, I 

must mention my top recommendation 
for a Broken Yolk breakfast. The Califomia 
Breakfast Burrito ($5.95) is an amazing com-
bination of things that don't sound good 
together, but really are. Two eggs scrambled 
with bacon, cheddar cheese, home fries, 
beans, and avacado are wrapped in a huge 
tortilla. I love this burrito so much that I 
attemted to recreate it in my very own 
kitchen. While my version was not nearly as 
perfect, I succeeded in getting my sister 
hooked on the burrito. Now, the California 
Breakfast Burrito craze is sweeping the cam-
pus of UC Santa Cruz. When an imitation 
can cause such a stir, you know that the orig-
inal must be delicious. I am most intrigued by those who order 

eggs Benedict, bacon and sausage. Eggs 
Benedict ($6.95) is a dish for serious break-
fast lovers. At the Broken Yolk, Eggs Bene-
dict is described as "a base of English 
muffins, Canadian bacon, plus two eggs 
topped with a rich hollandaise sauce" and 
is served with home fries or fruit . 

Psychological interpretation: This per-
son is laid back and is not at all concerned 
with the gossip, despite the fact that she is 
the center of it. 

on me, I can't classify the type 
of person who will share. The interesting 
thing is that sharing is definitely a female-
only phenomenon. I do have to admit that 
the Rancher ($6.75), an omelette with 
bacon, home-fried potatoes, bell peppers, 
tomato, green onion and sour cream, is an 
appropriate meal to share. 

orders pancakes or waffles these days. I'm 
not sure how the pancakes or waffles are at 
the Broken Yolk, but they are reasonably 
priced at $3.05 (pancakes) and $4.15 (waf-
fle). 

Psychological interpretation: Obviously, 
these people have not read Dr. Atkin's Pra-
tein Diet or ThL Zone, which means they are 
definitely cool and have better things to do. 

Even my own personality is revealed by 
the fact that I take so much pride in making 
a great breakfast selection at any restau-
rant. Reading over every ingredient in 
every dish, I am a perfectionist when it 
comes to ordering. Usually, I end up order-
ing what I am craving (because I am 

Of course, a close second to the now-
famous California Breakfast Burrito is the 
champagne. At $3.00 a bottle, you can't beat 
such a bargain for a champagne breakfast. I 
usually opt for more traditional caffinated 
beverages, and reserve champagne for spe-
cial occasions like the PB Block Party. 

Even if you don' t agree with my very 
"professional" opinions about the psycho-
logical implications of breakfast, I think 
you will agree that the Broken Yolk is the 
perfect place at least to test my theories. 

Psychological interpretation: You are a 
girl. 

Because the point of splitting a break-
And what ever happened to the pan 
cake people? It seems like nobody ever 

HOROSCOPES: 
Take a peak into 
your future 

SCORPIO 
Oct. 24 - Nov. 21 

You are powerful, decisive and 
good-looking, especially on Mon-
day. On Tuesday and Wednesday, 
use worries about money as your 
motivation to make some. Keep a 
tight lid on secrets from Tuesday 
through Thursday. Master new 
skills on Friday and Saturday. 
Take care of family matters on 
Sunday. 

SAGITTARIUS 
Nov. 22 - Dec. 21 

Your hopes, dreams and fears 
are bigger than life on Monday. 
Relax. By Tuesday, you won't care 
as much. Keep your mouth shut on 
Wednesday. Gather info but don't 
blow whistles yet. Find ways to 
make money from Thursday thru 
Saturday. Study on Sunday. 

CAPRICORN 
Dec. 22 - jan. 19 

Try not to have too much fun 
on Monday. On Tuesday and 
Wednesday, a deadline looms. 
You're magnificent on Thursday 
and Friday. Your friends' will 
help you get a lot done on Sat-
urday, too. Do the bills on Sun-
day. 

AQUARIUS 
jan. 20 - Feb. 18 

If you're polite on Monday, 
you could win a prize at work. 
Celebrate your recent victory on 
Tuesday and Wednesday, but 
don't brag to avoid jealousies. 
Make something impossible hap-
pen from Thursday through Sat-
urday. Save decisions and com-
mitments for Sunday. 

PISCES 
Feb. 19 - March 20 

Learn how to make more 
money on Monday. Don't believe 
the gossip on Tuesday; check it 

out first. Watch for a way to 
advance in your career on 
Wednesday. Get together with 
friends to benefit the community 
from Thursday through Saturday. 
Think deep thoughts in a beauti-
ful place on Sunday. 

BIRTHDAYS 
Nov. 8 - Nov. 14 

If you're having a birthday 
this week ... 

Nov. 8: The power is yours this 
year. Use it wisely. 

Nov. 9: Increase your income 
through work and wise plan-
ning. 

Nov. 10: Wealth is your objec-
tive this year, and a surprise is in 
store. 

Nov. 11: Keep up with your 
studies this year. 

Nov . . 12: This year master 
new skills - and a few old ones, 
too. 

Nov. 13: Build a solid future on 
your past this year. 

Nov. 14: Home and family 
beckon this year. Provide well for 
them, and you'll reap rich 
rewards. 

., • III TlIIIII II CI_II? 
TII.I? TIl am 

lIT .... 
~1.111 

Do You Suffer from 
ALLERGIES/ASTHMA? 

VOLUNTEERS NEEDED 
'" Volunteers are needed for a Research Drug Study. 

.I All Study related testing and study medications will be 
provided at no charge. 

'" Qualified participants will be paid up to 
$150 for participation. 

Toll Free 1-888-Study-88 Ask for Research 

DIPLOMATE, AMERICAN BOARD OF ALLERGY/IMMUNOlOGY 

London ......... $396 

Pan. ............ $477 
N_ york ..... $290 -

Planning Trips 
for Generations 

X, Y, and Z. 

.................. ~ ...... ~ ...... ~ ................................... , ............................ .. ............•..... 
• • • • • • • • II ••• , •• t •• I • "" \ , , • \ I " I ....... " ••••• "., t 

'. ~ ~ ~ ... " • •••••••••••• , ••••• , •• , •• , ... " ....... 111 • t ., , .. ", ... . 



18 FEATURES The UCSD Guardian Monday, November R, 1999 

CROSSWORD By Bill Swain 
ACROSS 
1 Plerclng .... n 
I Coetzer of tennl. 
11 Joey of the twist 
14 Fast-food choice 
llRel_ 
16SIIp up 
17 Actor Sh.rIf 
18Comblne. 
19 Moral misdeed 
20Publlsh .galn 
22 Mor.ls 
24Splcy pie 
27 Anything; whatever 
281. down with 
29 Rattled 
31Str ........ fllm 
34 M.ln Street structure 
35 Ames ..... Koch 
38Wrlter Oz 
39 C.u .. anxiety 
40 Vivacity 
4188I .... vI. bar 
42 Potential oak 
43Upslopes 
44 Most unwell 
4688 unwell 
47 Spr .... like wildfire 
49 Devoid of com ...... on 
14 Formed whirlpool. 
16 Irish toast 
57 Gardener'. tool 
58 Observe 
61 Son of Judah 
62 Stretch of time 

63 Muscl. connection 
64Convent: ..... P 
61 TlIII. or Tonne 
66 Will'. cont ..... 
67Lat .... I...,t 

DOWN 
1 Violent outburst 
2 Actr ... M .... 
3 Oncemor. 
4 Beetsoupe 
5 Photo coIlec:tIoM 
6 Fr •• for-aIl 
7 ...... Ilttl. Iamb 
8 _ .... ltur 
9 Weekend cowboy 
10 ...... rI_ed 
l1F ..... on fI"'r. 
12 "Lov. Story" ..thor 

..... 
13 DadaIst Mu 
21 Em ....... 
23 Color property 
21 Fertility .,.... ••• 
26Roeestlcker 
30 AppendIC. 
31K1 ... ofmusll 
32 OstrIch Idn 
33 ... dly worth 

mentioning 
34~allquld 
38 Kick tile bucket 
37 Call for .... p 
39HI", card 
4OThou ....... of millions 

PORJ1IGN & DOIIIlSTIC 
. ' ...... 

AU. ASIAN Q111t:z.D 

1999 Trlbule MedIa SeMces, Inc. 
All rlghCs reserved. 

aUk ...... cooked for 
I~ 

43Dov. or Rudner 
45 FIonII loop 
48 Dllhl or Golonka 
47A1t. a sklrt' • .....-. 
48Ho1d In rev.e-. 
10 FMCY Cl'llYat 
11 Boredom 

128roup of tr ... 
Ulntu" 
II fulfills the 

r ...... r8lll8llta of 
B9BIast lett .. 
8ON .... bor of Mont. 

Please see page 19 for 
_word lOIutlons 

DODGB, "'J'IIOUIH, CH_",- VOUCSWAti." .. AUDI 
Ticket Erasers 
Online Traffic School 101 off Iny wvl .. or repair 

Do you own an ASIAN car? 
gef an extra 5% off Labor 

San Diego's ONLY Online Traffic School 

AnyUat is a free web service 
that lets you quickly create 
and customize Interactive 

Web Uata that allow you to 
collect and share information 
with your friends, tamily, and 

co-workers. 
Sign up today as an AnyUst 

Associate and you'll get .-1eI 
cash if you help us grow our 
member base. You can work 
from home and Nrn up to 

'10,000 by referring 0IherlI to 
the Mrvk:e. We'. even pay 

you for -. that they recruit. 
In no time you could be 

making money from hundreds 
01 AnyUst us«s1 

Check out the full details at: 
... .I01dIlI.c;gmIIg4n 

.t Self-Paced 
......... 111_ 

Student., Faculty & S,." not ve/,d In cOlt/unction wtfh .ny ollt., speCI.' Of dIscount 
Pl'nent this ad wrth current UCSO 10 h.m.lOns opply 
when the esf:ifMte IS wntten to recetw thea ~aI shufIM I.Mce aWl"" 1o c.".~ .t Try it for free 

OLD FASHION liD IITHICS, COMIION UNSII AND 'AlII PIlICIIS 
F"_~ OW_" Op_tHI . s.rw,. uon shfc. 1981 

1QI$ Master Mechanics I~;~~I J Anytime, Anywhere 
5820 al!JTOPORT Mall 450-9494 www.ticketerasers.com 

• 

• 
• 

but were afraid to ask! 
Presented by Alpha Epsilon Delta 
Tuesday, Nov. 9th, 7-9pm 

Steve Leduc 
the nation's leading MeAT expert and founder ofHyperleaming, will discuss: 

The Medical College Admissions Test: 
subjects covered, seoring, etc. 

Types of questions on put MCAT exams 
The Hyperleaming MCAT Preparation Coune 

""IjP;;'-':/Eai'77;"g 
Medical division if THE PRINCETON REVIEW 

For registration and location call: (858) 558-0500 

Monday, November 8, 1999 

MAJOR: 
Students learn complex 
blend of knowledge 

For many students, the pro-
gram IS a fascinating exploration 
of how the brain and mind work. 

fAculty 
Because the department is rel-

atively new, the IacuHy consists 
of professors from m.tny fields to 
compliment the multi-discipli· 
nary approach of the major. The 
department is currently so small 
that the student·to-faculty ratio is 
approximately 10:1. The faculty is 
usually very Opellto undergradu-
ates; it is quite easy for a student 
to get a hold of any faculty memo 
ber and talk to him or her. 

Former UCSD chancellor and 
current UC President Richard 
Atkinson was a prominent facul-
ty member in this department. 
His theories on hum.tn memory 
were very influential in shaping 
the field. 

Outstanding professors in the 
field of computer science include 
John Satali, who does research on 
the computer modeling of the evo-
lution of cognition. Thus, he teach· 
es classes on computer modeling 
and the computation of cognition. 
He has a reputation of providing 
excellent lecture notes on his web 
site and tends to go on humorous 
tangents during his lectures. 

Javier Movellan is known for 
his machine perception laboratory. 
His lab is exploring ways to make 
a computer understand and react 
to natural speech commands, 
facial expressions, gestures and 
body motions. The goal is to build 
computer interfaces that modify 
their responses in recognition to 
the emotional states of the user. 

Ed Hutchins and James Hollan 
co-teach classes that focus on cog· 
nitive behavior outside the labora· 
tory and in the real world. They 
have a relaxed lecture style and an 
excellent command of the material. 
They and David Kirsh head the 

ALASKA: 
Traveling to 
majestic country 
CoIdIII •• 1II ".. ..... 12 
cessible by automobile. There is a 
plethora of native art and culture 
on these islands. Totemic art can 
be seen everywhere from muse-
ums to K-Mart doors. The 
Ketchikan Totem Heritage Center 
carries poles up to 100 years old 
and offers various workshops on 
native Alaskan art. The Tlingit' 
Indians have inhabited this area 
for centuries and have the reputa-
tion of being descendants of the 
first wave of travelers who 
crossed the ice bridge from Asia 
into North America. 

Southwest Alaska is com-
prised of endless acres of tundra, 
active volcanoes, gigantic lakes 
and is home to the famous Kodi-
ak archipelago. This is definitely 
the place to see the "wild things," 
but unless you're Ranger Rick, 
gUided tours are the only option 
to explore the wilder side of the 
Southwest. But, even camping in 
any of the designated campsites 
will send a huge survival impulse 
up your spine. Most of the 
Southwest lacks trees, but the 
tundra is filled with miniature 
shrubbery and a chain of active 
volcanoes. This is also the ulti-
mate fantasy for all salmon fisher-
men. The king salmon population 
feeds most of the wildlife in the 
area and truly carry the weight of 
its majestic prefix. And the Kodi-
ak islands, aside from being home 
&0 the Kodiak bear, house a sanc· 
tuary of wildlife still untouched 
by civilization. This area IS also 
home to the Yup'ik Eskimo and 
Aleut people who settled there 
thousands of years ago. A kayak 

Distributed Cognition and Human 
Computer Interaction Laboratory. 
Their research explores the cogni-
tive interactions among people 
and technology. James Hollan is in 
the behavioral field, along with 
Marta Kutas. 

Marta Kutas is well known 
throughout the scientific commu· 
nity on her research on human 
cognition and neuropsychology. 

Jaime Pineda specializes in 
studies of the brain. An expert in 
neuroscience, he is known for 
being an enthusiastic and clear 
lecturer and is very friendly to 
undergraduates. Once a year, he 
teaches a fascinating upper divi-
sion class that looks at the effects 

Currently, the most fre-
quent job placements are 
in the computer industry 
in such areas as software 
design, human-computer 
interface deSign, artificial 
intelligence and Internet 
startups. 

of drugs on the brain and mind. 
He also heads the Cognitive Neu-
roscience Laboratory, studying 
the neural mechanisms that 
mediate behavior using human 
and monkey subjects. 

Jeff Elman developed the Elman 
net, a neural network design that 
has proven to be very influential in 
the study of cognition. 

Elazabeth Bates heads the 
Center for Research in Language 
(CRL). She is a leading figure in 
the study of linguistics and lan-
guage aquisition. 

The professors are excited about 
their research. Faculty members 
welcome and encourage students 
to do independent studies with 
them in their labs. The department 
does offer many research opportu-
nities to majolS. A number of stu-
dents do become involved in a one, 
two or three-quarter reading or 
research project under the guid-
ance of a faculty member. 

tour through the Aleutian islands 
offers a blend of Aleutian culture 
with the beauty of the scenery. 

The Interior of Alaska has 
been Athabascan Indian territory 
for ages, and the natives are more 
closely related to the Indians of 
interior Canada, rather than the 
coastal Eskimos. The Interior is 
home to the two most populated 
cities, Anchorage and Fairbanks. 
This is the most "urban" environ-
ment you'll encounter. They are 
definitely bar towns, and both 
carry a very hearty attitude. 

Interestingly, Alaska is also 
home to most of today's Amerl' 
can Hell's Angels, so don't go into 
a bar asking for a "fuzzy navel." 
The VFW bar across from 5th 
street in downtown Fairbanks 
fires up the juiciest and biggest 
steak I've ever tasted. For only 
$10, it's an experience all carni-
vores should have at least once. 
North of Anchorage lies the 
Denali National Park, where 
nomadic tribes once hunted 
according to the migration pat-
terns of their game. Today, Doyon 
Ltd., one of 13 native corpora-
tions of Alaska, houses the Kan-
tishna Roadhouse, an exclusive 
inn deep in the heart of the 
wilderness. Doyon Ltd. is also the 
largest private landowner, with 
over 12 million acres to its name. 

Additionally, the Arctic has a 
lot of ice, but you already kne~ 
that. The two most common rea-
sons for visiting Alaska are to 
experience the /luge glacial for-
mations and to tour the Eskimo 
cultures that inhabit the land. 

Everything Elle 
Economically, plan on spending 

at least S500 for gas, food, lodgings 
and souvenirs. I spent close to S800 
on my tnp, but of course, you 
could go for much less. My trip 

The UCSD Guardian 

POlt-Graduation 
As a result of this multidisci-

plinary approach, a wide range of 
career paths is available to cogni-
tive science graduates. 

The 1997 Career Services Cen-
ter survey of UCSD alumni 
shows that graduates with a cog-
nitive science degree fell into jobs 
In the computer industry, human 
resources and the research indus-
try, among other fields. 

Graduates are becoming more 
sought after as more employers 
become familiar with their 
knowledge and skills. 

Currently, the most frequent 
job placements are in the comput-
er industry in such areas as soft-
ware design, human-computer 
interface design, artificial intelli-
gence and Internet startups. 
Alternatively, there is a growing 
demand in neuroscience, biotech-
nology and pharmaceuticals. 

Michael Robertson was one of 
those cognitive science students 
who learned how to learn. After he 
graduated from UCSD in 1991 he 
made millions of dollars by starting 
a web site: MP3.com. Robertson 
worked as a programmer at the 
Supercomputer Center at UCSD 
before he set up his company. 

A large percentage of students 
do go on to graduate school. 
Those with the specialization in 
neuroscience are well prepared 
for medical school. Students can 
also go to graduate programs in 
neuroscience or computer science 
as well as cognitive science. 

But, perhaps the greatest asset 
that the cognitive science depart-
ment provides is that it teaches 
students how to learn. It teaches 
students how to gather, organize 
and assimilate any type of infor-
mation in the most effective and 
powerful way. 

The program's blend of the 
computation, behavior and bio-
logical basis of cognition enables 
students to have the capability of 
learning anything and everything 
for the rest of their lives. 

For more information, visit the 
cognitive science department's 
web site at http://hci.ucsd.edu/cogsci/ 

included one night of splurging at 
a Vancouver hotel, souvenirs and a 
few nice dinners. A credit card is 
one of those jewels that will really 
come in handy when you get the 
itch to do some shopping. 

The main difference between 
long road trips such as this, com-
pared to smaller local trips to 
places such as the desert, is the 
realization of spatial relativity. 
Everybody has his own reason for 
traveling, whether it springs from 
a purely whimsical nature or a 
deep-brooding problem. But once 
you realize it only took you a 
week to get to the "top of the 
world" (or at least a few hundred 
miles away from it), quite literal-
ly, your view of the world both 
expands and shrink-wraps at the 
same time. Like most enlighten-
ing experiences, participation is 
the only description. 

Here are a few organizations to 
help you on your way. The 
Alaskan Division of Tourism Visi-
tor Information offers a free tOO-
page vacation planner. Call (907) 
465-2010 for more information. 
The Alaskan Native Tourism 
Council offers free color brochures 
on Alaska's most popular cultural 
tours and events. Call (907) 274-
5400 for more information. 
Ci&22'_ 

FEATURES 19 

I"'--~'''''''' EXPLORE 

at the 
University of Delhi 

~4 Earn UC Credit 
;?4 Classes In English 

• ~4 Live In a land of rich historical, 
cultural, and geographic diversity 

;?4 Financial Aid and Scholarships 

UC Education Abroad Program 
presents opportunities to study In 

KOREA 
~ \~\ 

• Summer, Fall & Year 
Options 

• Automatic Scholarships 
$1000 Semester 
$1500 Year 

• Yonsei U, Ewha Women's 
U, or Korea U (gr8dull._) 
• Earn UC Credit 
• Courses in English and 

Korean 
• Most Fields of Study 

HANOI, 
VIETNAM 

Study Vietnamese 
Language & Society at 
Vietnam National 
University in HanoI 

Earn UC Credit 



20 CLASSIFIEDS 

The GUARDIAN 
CLASSIFIED 

DISPLAY 
ADVERTISING 

RATES 
Announce your events, 

advertise your business 

or send a Personal! 

SIZES: 
1 col. X 1" $9.00 
lx2 
lx3 
1x4 
lxS 

$18.00 
$27.00 
$38.00 
$45.00 

Come by the Guardian 
office In the Student 

Center A or call 
534-3466 for more Info. 

EVE N T S 
Bonjour! Get an Eiffel! Study Abroad 
in France! Come to the France EAPI 
OAP Information Session Tuesday, 
November 9. 2:30-4:00 p.m, 
Internat iona l Center Lounge. 
Questions? Call534-1123. A bientat! 
(11/8) 
Want to Study Abroad but don't 
think you have the cash? Come to 
the Programs Abroad Information 
Session on Financial Aldl 
Scholarship for Study Abroad 20001 
01 . Tuesday. Nov. 16, 2:30-4:oop.m, 
Internat iona l Center Lounge. 
Questions? Call534-1123. (11/8-111 
15) 
Study Abroad In Aslal Come to the 
Programs Abroad Information 
Session for Asia EAPIOAP (except 
Japan and Ch inese-speak ing 
countries). Wednesday. November 
10, 2:30-4:00 p.m, International 
Center Conference Room . 
Questions? Call 534-1123. (11/8) 
Old you miss the UC Education 

The UCSD Guardian 

CLASSIFIEDS 
The UCSD Guardian reserves the right to classify. edit. delete offensive words and 
phrases andlor refuse any and all advenlsemenls Without prior notification. The Advenlser 
will not 'hold the Guardian liable for any claims resulting from the publication of the 
advenlsemenl The publisher will also not be held accountable for any claim from an 
agreement made between the advenlser and the consumer 
Copy should be reviewed by the adveniser for errors. In order to be corrected In the next 
regular issue. all errors musl be reponed by the corresponding deadline. Credit will only 
be given for the incorrect ponion 01 the advenisemenl. There are no refunds for cancellations. 
Pfa_ Hnd all cor,,'pondence .-gardfnll CI .. ,lfled, to: 
UCSO Guardfan. Attn: ClaaaIfleda, tM500 Gilman Drive 10311, La Jolla, CA 12013. 
Actuallocetlon: Student Cell.., A, Room 217. 

Abroad Program (EAP) UKllreland 
Deadline? II you are still seriOUSly 
interested. amdhavea3.0GPA, viSit 
the Programs Abroad Office or call 
534-1123. (11/8) 
Preparing for Graduate and 
Professional School. November 9, 
12:00-1 :oop.m, Price Center Gallery 
B. Presentation on graduate and 
profeSSional education. How to 
prepare, how to apply and be 
successful in gaining admission. 
Sponsored by Student Organizations 
& Leadership Opportunities (SOLO). 
Call 534-0501 . (11/4-11/8) 

IT'S HAPPENING. 

Determining Aspects of Multi· 
Culturallsm In Yourself. November 
10. 12:00- 1:00 p.m, Price Center 
Gallery B. This interactive workshop 
will help you explore diversity within 
yourself and family. Sponsored by 
Student Organizations & Leadership 
Opportunities (SOLO). Questions? 
Call 534-0501 . (11/4-11/8) 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Earn $50- Graduate student seeks 
student wI learning disabilities to 

interview for his dissertation (90 
minutes, sorry, no ADD). (858)899-
8209 Adam. (10128-11/8) 

Adopt A 
Family for 

Thanksgiving! 

P'rovide a Much Needed 
Thanksgiving Meal to 

a Family in Need During 
this Holiday Season . 

For More Information, 
Stop Iy the Volun ..... 

Connection, 
2nd Floor Price Center, 

or Contact Debra 
Nakunz at 

534-1414 
Sponsored by the A.S. 
Volunteer Connection 
Community 1HHId, 

Student actionl 

Free CD of cool indie music when 
you register at mybytes.com, the 
ultimate website for your college 
needs. (10/18-11/11) 
Guardian Personalaare abaoIuteIy 
free this quarter. We are right above 
the General Store in the Student 
Center, so don't even try and say you 
don't know where the Guardian Office 

Classified Line 
Ad Rates 

S1udInts: S3 per 20 word, 
FKuIly • St8If: 54 per 20 word, 

All 0 .... : 15 per 20 word, 
Advance payment is required 

Classified Display 
Ad Rates 

1t_00 per column Inch 
DeIdIlnee: 

,_ _ DiIpIIy Ada lilli AdI 

Noon TIIurI. 3 pm TIvI. 
Noon ilion. 3 pm ilion. 

is. You get to drop it into a locked box 
for full confidentiality, so do it- you 
know you want to. (1014-1219) 

Ordinary looking sunglasses with 
unique feature: Built in, undetectable, 
"REAR VIEW MIRRORS"I View 
everything behind you without 
anyone knowing you can. Bicyclist, 
Beach Combers, Kool Dudes. send: 
15 bucks to: J.R.T. P.O. Box 1066 
Laurel, MD 20725. (9128-11/11) 

EMPLOYMENT 
Daytime Countemelp $6.50 plhr, 
9:30-5:00. If your achool schedule is 
MWF or T /Th this is the perfect job for 
you. Apply at FINS A MEXICAN 
EATERY. La Jolla Village Square. 
270-3467. (11/8-11/11) 
Math Tutor for 17ylomale. Algebra-
must complete by Jan. Interest in 
surfing helpful. (858)320-4585 
daytime. (858)454-6487. (11/8-11/ 
11 ) 
Live in/out Rancho Santa Fe, use of 
pool and tennis court, mother's 
helper. Assist in homework, cooking, 
driving, aftemoons, evening hours 

Monday, November 8,1999 

(flexible) , excellent pay. Call 
(858)756-1608. (11/8-11/11) 

YOUR DAD WANTS YOU TO 

GET A JOS. 

AVOID CHUMP J06S • worIc 
for a fun Internet start-upl 
Earn $S, great experience, 

and get free cool stuff. 

Admlnlstrltlve Asalmnt Wanted_ 
Internet financial software company. 
based in downtown La Jolla, seeks 
part-time administrative help. 
Requirements include knowledge of 
MicroSoft Office applications, general 
internet know·how, and the ability to 
organize and prioritize tasks in an 
unstructured, dynamic environment. 
Flexible hours starting at 10-15 hrs! 
wk. Please send your resume to Mark 
Fogel by fax at 729-6547 or email 
mark.fogeIOashleykumar.com (111 
8-11/11) 
TUTORS WANTED for SAT and 
Academics. Must have 700 on SAT 
Math OR Verbal . reliable 
transportation, positive and 
enthusiastic attitude. Pays $12-$221 
hour. Flexible scheduling . 
Upperclassmen and grads preferred. 
Call Score! Prep (858) 549-2154. 
(11/8) 
Part time dishwasher reagnt meaker 
for Biotech co. 20 hrlwk, 9.501hr. Fax 
Resume to Scott Yuen 858-455-
3962. (11/4-11/15) 
Babysitter. Professor's kids (8.11 . 

------------------------------------------------------------I 

! GuiilDIAN 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

FREE PERSONALS IN FALL QUARTERII 
WRITE YOUR OWN GUARDIAN PERSONAL HERE. THERE'S EVEN A SECOND FORM FOR A FRIEND! BRING IT TO OUR 

OFFICE, UPSTAIRS ABOVE THE STUDENT CENTER. WE'LL PUBLISH IT FOR FREE! LIMIT: 20 WORDS, PLEASE . 

1 ______ -----------------------------------------------______ _ 

Monday, November 8,1999 

and 14) need occasional evening 2 Rooms to Rent, 1 with private bath, 
sitter . Require own car and new home, overIooka U.T.C & La 
experience. Call Sue 481-0362. (111 Jolla, kltctten priveleges, laundry 
4-11111) priveleges. Price from $475 a month. 

EMPlOYMENT OPPORTUNITY 

• 

lOW 
. HIRIIG 

, ~ . DELIVERY 
• DRIVERS! 

Become a pdrt of the world s 
large~t ~ll"l dell"ery corn~any' 

Dell.., DrInn: 
• can earn $8.00-$15.00 an hour 
• Must be at least 18 years old 
• Valid driver's license: safe, 

insured vehicle: two years 
driving experience: and a good 
driving record 

APPLY TODAY! 
UCSD I La Jolla 

3211 Hollda, Ct. 
452-UCSD (452-8273) 

Need Holiday Helper for last 2 wks in 
December to help with childcare and 
house: 30-50 hours. Del Mar 858-
259-3271. (11/4-11/15) 
RED BULL. Are you athletic . 
beautiful, & love life? GR-8! Eam $1 0 
an hour being yourself. Call (619) 
227-6152. (11/1-11/8) 
Give life. Help infertile couple have 
child through maternal surrogacy. 
Any nationality acceptable. All 
expenses paid plus $25 .000 . 
(800)450-5343. (10/25-1219) 
$1500 weekly potential mailing our 
circulars. No Experience Required. 
Free information packet. Call (202) 
452-5940. (9/28-1219) 
FREE BABY BOOM BOX + EARN 
$12001 Fundraiserforstudent groups 
and organizations. Eam up to $4 per 
MasterCard app. Call for info or visit 
our website. Qualified callers receive 
aFREEBabyBoomBox.1-800-932-
0528 ext. 119 or ext. 125 
www.ocmconcepts.com(9128-11/15) 
RAISE $500-$1 .500 IN TWO 
WEEKS. Fundraising Opportunities 
Available. No Financial Obligation. 
Great for Clubs, organizations, and 
motivated students. For more 
information caH 1-800-475-8890 ext. 
31 (9128-11/15) 
Here we grow again! Copy Club In 
La Jolla seeks friendly profeSSional, 

Call 693-9073. (11/4-11/11) 

\ ), ," ~.J' (~t,.1 I;' l " ) ........... ., , 
1.'01 I ' ,) ;1 ~ '. II '-) I I I,' l) r. 

II '" I,H. ,~\ 

'GUARDlA'N CLA551FIED5 
FOR RENT 

www.Apartments4Students .com 
Complete UCSD apartment and 
housing guide. Apartment guide, 
Apartment locator, Roommate 
service, Temporary Housing and 
more. (11/4-1219) 

FOR SALE 

SELL IT. 

MACINTOSH Internal Zip Drive for 
G3 or G4. Never opened/original 
packaging. $90 or best offer. Call 
Nathan 452-7020. (10111-11/8) 

VV ANT E 0 
~ ••••• 
~ WOMEN • 
... IE All All8EUU • 
'V" DONATE EGGS! ~ If you are 21-30 • ~ years . healthy. bright. 
~ and responsible • 
... 1-800-131-8888 ~ 

~ All nillon.tliles needed ~ 
'V" GENEROUS 'V" 
~ COMPENSATION!. 

~.~ ... 
Eyebllnk Study_ $140_ Healthy 
males needed: 18-35, right·handed, 
drug·free, no psychiatric history. 
UCSDMC, Hillcrest. 543-2314. (111 
8) 
FREE BABY BOOM BOX + EARN 

smiling, Copy Consultants for sales! $12001 Fundraiserfor student groups 
production in busy 24 hour copy and organizations. Earn up to $4 per 
center. Full time and Part time for MasterCard app. Call for info or visit 
Day. Evenings, Graveyard shifts are our website. Oualifiedcallersreceive 

FREE Baby Boom Box 1-800-932-
0528 ext. 119 or ext . 125. 

The UCSD Guardian 

www.ocmconcepts.com (11/8) 

Pledg •• nd 
didn't Ilk. It? 

St.rt your own 
frat.rnltyl 

ZETA BETA TAU 
is looking for men to start a new 
Chapter. If you are interested in 
acacemic success and an 
opportunity to make friends in a 
non-pledging brotherhood, e-mail: 
..... ".tlon.I.O!'I or call Gil 
Hlcohen at 317-33 .. -1 •••. 

RAISE$500-$1500IN TWO WEEKS. 
Fundraising Opportunities Available. 
No Financial Obligation. Great for 
Clubs, organizations, and motivated 
students. For more information call 
1-800-475-8890 ext. 31 . (11/8) 
EGG DONORS NEEDEDI All races. 
Ages 21-30. Compensation $5000. 
OPTIONS National Fertility Registry 
(800) 886-9373 
www.lertilityoptions.com(9/28-1219) 
Are you aerobically fit? Do you like to 
walk fastlrun? Need volunteers ages 
18-30 and 60-75 for laboratory 
circadian rythms research study at 
UCSD. Volunteers receive fitness 
assessment and up to $800 upon 
completion. 858-622-5795. (9/28-11 / 
14) 
Caucasian American research 
subjects reimbursed for interview. If 
you are a UCSD student. 21-26. call 
552-8585 x4185 for more information. 
(10/4-1219) 
Volunteers paid $30 for interview. If 
you are of entirely Japanese or 
Korean descent, age 21-26, call 552-
8585 x 2182. (10/4-1219) 
Jewish American research subjects 
reimbursed for interview. If you are a 
UCSD student. 21-26, call 552-8585 
x4185 for more information. (10/4-
1219) 

Participants wanted for applied 
psychology emperiments. Eam $101 
hour for participating as an 
experimental observer for 1-3 hours. 
Experiments involve viewing 
information on computer displays and 
making responses using the 
keyboard and mouse. Contact Sylvia 

CLASSIFlEDS 21 

or Heather at (858) 535-1661 for 
details. (11/8-11) 

horne or at school. ALL SUBJECTS 
at ANY LEVEL, competitive pricing, 
discount packages available. 
(619)51-TUTOR or (619)518-8867, 
or online at http://welcome.toltutor 
(10/18-1219) 

SERVICES 
..... .:~~ 

a..orts: (£.00 pit' ,. 
Oww sG,ooO ;., - diPPints MaIIriaIs for r_ch IIIIiIIIne U!I onIYl 

6S46 HOUYWOOO 1lVD. 21D ROO" 1M. 2119 
lOS AIIGruS. CA 9002. 

...... ... · FtI. 100 ... · ... Sot •• II. · .. 
Cust. .~.~ .... rIla/MeI .... Ex 

c .. ~ 1-100-354-9001 

ldenlifyint Your ea ...... in Life 
Science./Health 

Mon. 11 /8. 11 :300m-l pm 
Working with Kids 

Mon. 11/8, 2:30pm 
Identifying Your ea,.., in 

Human Services 
Tues. 11 /9, 11 :3Oom-l pm 

Graduate 5tucfy in V"IIUGI Arts 
Tues. 11/9, lpm-Jpm. Mandeville 106 

MenIal Health 
GracI ........... m. 

Tues. 11/9. 2:30pm 
Graduate Study & ea ....... 

in NeurolCienc: .. 
Wed. 11/10. 2:30pm (panel) 
Intwnational Affairs: 

Graduate School Options 
thUll . 11/11 . 2:30pm 

'

EEl 
.' ,{. IVICES CENTEI 534·3150 

PSYCHOTHERAPY. Become beller 
able to cope with life's stresses. 
Identify and overcome obstacles to 
academic achievement. Help with 
depression. anxiety. relationship 
problems , fam ily pressures . 
Supportive, caring approach. Close 
to ~ampus . ~ed"ced fees for 
students. Carol Randolph. Ph.D. 
(PSY15060). 619-69t-8484. (11 /8-
01/31 ) 

IMRPOV TRAFFIC SCHOOL 
"The mosl fun you can ever 

have in Traffic School ." 
Classes weekly in La Jolla 

and San OIego. 
(SOO,775-LAFF 

Auto Collision, Other Injury? UCSD 
alumni attorney will represent you. 
No fee until we recover. Brett 
Peterson 232-1826 . 
Bauhaus83" yahoo.com (10/28-111 
15) 
SUCCESS Tutoring Services. 
hundreds of tutors come to you. at 

.... Iu •• a 
MANAGEMENT 

•• 08 ... 

PERSONALS 

P55T. •• 

GOT 50METHING TO 5AY TO rHAT 
5PECIAl 50MEONf? GUARDIAN 
PER50NAl5 ARE THE AN5WER 

GUARDIAN CtASSIFIEDS 
Guardian Personals are absolutely 
free this quarter. We may begin 
actually paying students in winter to 
place Personals, but there are sure 
to be delays in issuing funds and 
checks. It would be !'Iasier for us all if 
you placed them now! (10/4-1219) 
From the "Hey-at-Ieast-I 'm-not-a-
teenager-anymore" file: Matt Powell 
was born Nov. 7, 1979. Happy 
Birthday. punk kid! (11 /8-11 /11 ) 
NO JOKE PEOPLE: NEVER BEEN 
KISSED! Nice Christian young man 
(19 years old) seeks energetic. 
talkat ive . fun lov ing lady. 
Joe ucsd @yahoo.com (11/8) 
To my boo-boo. Happy Belated 9 
Month Anniversary! I've loved every 
second of it so far! Here's to many 
more! I love you! 8! 'Smiles" (11 /4-
1118) 
To my beloved Jamsle, we're 
throughl 'Slam!" There. that ought to 
teach G House! I'll bring the flower 
pot to the MCC meeting. Love you 
hun. but not in THAT way. hehehe. 
Thanks doll, -C. Ib (11 /4-11 /8) 
I love it. I love it. I love it. Thanks to all 
the cool cats (LD, CG, AC. CD. JW) 
in the Rec. Dept. I am on the road 
again. -simply amazed. (11/8) 
Ryan Leal's Charger contract is 
already on the auction site at 
ebay.com (11/8) 

WHO WANTS YOU? 
Morgan Staniey, Arthur 
Andersen, Price Waterhouse, 
Autoweb.com, Coca-Cola, 

Deloitte and Touche. These are just a few of the companies 
that have hired "graduates" of the Summer Management 
Program. NOW HIRING FUTURE BUSINESS LEADERS. 

1-800-295·9675 www.varsitystudent.com 
open. Great work environment. 
llaxible hours, growth potential:Hiring 
on spot. Apply in person. Copy Club, 
Costa V~Centre,I85OGeneaee 
Ave. 1200, San Diego, CA 92122. 
(10128-11/8) 

Robert A. Rees D.D.S. Cosmetic and Family Dentistry 
Soft and Gentle Dentistry • "We cater to the timid" 

ROOMMATES 
Short term rental fumished- large 
room in house, Solana Beach, 
separate entrance, near beach, non· 
smoker. Quite 858-792-n44. $475 
Perfect for Exchange Student. (1118) 

All phases of Treatment Available: Cleanings/Exams, Non-Mercury Fillings. Crowns, 
Root Canals, Extractions, and Cosmetic Dentistry. We provide bleaching, too! 
Student Discounts Available. Insurance is Accepted. 

7761 Herschel Ave. In Downtown La Jolla 
(858' "5"-6181 Mon-Thurs 7am-2pm 

Check us out at: www.RobertReesDDS.com 



'" 

22 SPORTS 

NFL: and their ~arterback (Brunell), when healt y, is one of the best. 
This is New Still, theh blew their only tough 
England's year 

game at ome. They may be a bit 
too overconfident come January. 

Continued from PllCe 24 
2. Miami Dolphins (12-4): 

Without a doubt, they are playing 
road games at all division foes, the best football in the league. evi-
they may end up a little short at denced by road wins against 
the end . Oakland, New England and 

5. Washington Redskins (9-7): Indianapolis. Can they keep it up? 
They've blown out opponents Only if Dan Marino is healthy. 
but they also haven' t f,layed any 3. Seattle Seahawks (10-6): 
half-decent team. It a ways gets They may be the hottest tea m 
me, though, when I see the right now as they are coming off 
league leader in rushing is a monster win at Green Bay, but 
"Davis" and rea lize Terrell is at the Seahawks have been shaky 
home playing a Sega game. all year. If wide-receiver Joey 

6 .. Tampa Bay Buccaneers (8-8): Galloway ends his hold-out, this 
They' ll sneak into the playoffs by team could be spectacular, or it 
virtue of the best defense in the could disrupt the chemistry. 
league. Theh might even win a 4. New England Patriots (11-5): . game if t ey carl shut the Drew Bledsoe is the most versa-
Cowboys down. They won't go to tile QB in the league and he's got 
the Super Bowl if they average a great target in Terry Glenn. 
less than 10 points a game. They've been winning close 

AFC 
games, but the important thing is 
that they win. If the defense keeps 

1. Jacksonville Jaguars (14-2): up its play, expect the Patriots to 
Their defense is tohs and their give Miami a run for their mone}. 
schedule is a joke. T ey have not 5. Tennessee Titans (11-5: 
one, but two solid running backs Their win against St. Louis pro-

SOCCER: Lutheran's Betsy Fisch made her shot, forcing Borst to make her 
Gutsy play helps shot. Borst came through on her side Tritons move on of the bargain, and Hetland did 
ContInued from PllCe 23 her part by saving the Agostino kick, leaving the two tearns tied at 
started off the extra festivities 3-3 after 5 penalty kicks. 
with a miss wide to the left, Then came the sudden-death 
while her Regal counterpart had penalty kick segment. 
her shot saved by Hetland. Taking matters into her own 

UCSD's Julia Cuder and hands, Triton goalkeeper 
Cindy Dostalek each were suc- Hetland took the shot herself, 
cessful on their kicks as were the knocking in the shot. 
R1als' Nadine Rajabi and Jessica Then Hetland turned around 
A ams. and saved opponent Holly 

With two kicks left, the two Martin's shot to seal the victory 
teams were tied at two. Hari6e and a chance for the champi-missed her attempt, and al onships. 

THINKING OF MOVING 
OFF~CAMPUS? 

Here's a break for your parents-a chance for 
them to write off some of your college tuition! 

How, you ask? 

The UCSD Guardian 

rulled them from mediocrity to 
uper Bowl contenders, but with 

RB Eddie George wearing down 
by the 4th quarter, they will 
struggle in the playoffs. 

6. Indianapolis Colts (10-6): 
Hmmm. I wonder who was the 
better pick: Peyton Manning or 
Ryan Leaf? Edgerrin James is a 
front-runner for rookie of the 
year and the Colts are a year 
away from the Super Bowl. 

The Playoffs 
In the NFC, look for the Bues 

to pull an upset over Dallas and 
the Lions to stifle Washington. 
Still, Green Bay and St. Louis are 
too good to beat. The Packers will 
win in a squeaker over the Rams 
with Favre throwin~a 1st-second 
TD. In the AFC, the ahawks and 
Patriots will win their wild-card 
games and the Pats will kll the 
biggest upset by aring 
Jacksonville and avenging last 
r:;u's loss. The Dolphins can out-

t Seattle, but I'm going out on a 
limb and picking New England to 
stun them in the title game. If this 
season tells you anything, it's that 
nothing is impossible. 

"It was getting really scary," 
Hetland said of the past two 
marathons. "We've been work-

~g hard all season. They have 
heart. We never gave up." 

The match was very similar 
to last year's first-round loss. 

" It was almost identical," 
Harispe said . "This tear we 
came out and got it bac togeth-
er. We picked up our heads. 

Earlier Saturda~ Puget Sound 
earned its trip to t e finals with a 
1"{) upset over UC Santa Cruz. 

UCSD now heads into NCAA 
quarterfinals this coming week-
end when it hosts Trinity 
College, day and time to be 
announced . 

HAVE MOM & DAD BUY A 
CONDO OR TOWNHOUSE! 

You can: • Rent the extra rooms to your friends ... 
• Use the rent money to pay for the mortgage .. . 

One of UCSD's 
finest is also a 

Realtor®! 
• You live in the condo for FREE, and . . . 
• ... your parents can write off the interest on the mortgage! 

DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY PAYING RENT! 
Here's a way to pay for housing that is also an investment! Call Tobin today at 

11l·}3i5i4i"~~~~i~ATES 
9968 Hilbert Sireet. Ste 100. San Diego, CA 92131 
Each office is independently owned and operated 

(619)637-0609 (yoice mail) 
(619)621-5279 (office) 
e-mail:Finestrealtor@ho·tmail.com 

AWARD WINNIN8 
PIZZA SINCE 1989 

II "I Clm hl1ll~I.,111 Cllllr 
115111_111I.151/23HIII 

-------------------------

*FREE ENTREE 
IrIq 1MI_1III11 ... ""'111 CIsII .... , ........ . 

Monday, November 8, 1999 

Lisa Huff/ Guardian 
Here It 00Mee: Ryan Dandy (2) makes an attempt on goal during 
Sunday's game against Long Beach State. 

POLO: 4 goals and accounted for 5 points. 
Playoffs looming for 
volleyball women 
Cowllt .... ".. .... 21 

After the game, Harper was 
&ustrated by his team's overall 
performance but was encouraged 
by the flashes of brilliance 
showed in the third quarter. 

"The six-on-fives are still a disas-
ter," Harper said of his team, which 
wl!!'t one-for-six in man-up advan-
tage situations. "We just aren't tak-
ing the appropriate shots." 

After tying the game in the 
third quarter, all fans in atten-
dance felt that the Tritons' new-
found momentum would carry 
them to victory. This turned out 
to be a fallacy; UCSD never 
scored again. The 49.ers put in 1 
six-on-five goal early in the peri-
od ahd then added another goal 
to make the score 10-8. 

The nail in the coffin came 
with 52 seconds left in the game 
when Long Beach State scored a 
two-point goal on a lob shot from 
10 meters out. 

On offense the Tritons were 
again led by Mecham, who scored 

The Tritons now have two 
weeks to prepare for the WWPA 
tournament that will be held in 
Claremont from Nov. 19-21. If they 
win there, they will participate in 
the National Championship Final 
Four, which will be hosted at 
Canyonview Pool Dec. 4-5. 

"I would be terrified to play us 
right now," Harper said. "I would 
be asking myself if this is going to 
be the day that UCSD puts it all 
together." 

• The Environmental Systems major is designed to prepare 
students for a variety of environmental careers and entry 

into many different types of graduate programs in, 
for example, the natural sciences, the social sciences, 

public policy, law, and business. 

• The major has a strong focus on the natural 
sciences yet proyides the breadth to cover 

the social and policy dimensions of the 
interdisciplinary environmental issues 
facing society at the dawn of the next 
century. 

• Advanced courses in the 
Environmental Systems major will be 
offered for the first time during the 
2000-200 1 academic year. 

• The major includes a required core 
of lower division courses, a three-
quarter "integrating sequence" of upper 
division courses, an "integrative 
project," and a "senior seminar." 

• Students enrolled in the major will pursue 
one of five advanced "tracks" : 

1.Ecology, Behavior, and Evolution 
2. Earth Sciences 
3.Environmental Policy 
4 .Environmental Chemistry 
5 .Environmental Engineering 
(to be offered at a future date) 

• This year students interested in enterin9 the program may 
work towards the completion of the reqUired "core" courses . 

fllflllrll* ilia II ..... If .1Ib'II1f"", ....... r 
nIIl. lat III e.II.= ..... III ....... . ,.. ... .... . IntereSted? DaIaiIs can be provicIecI by: 
AVAILABLE ONLY IN COSTA VERDE Exp. 

11/29/99 

Dr. MfehOel Molitor, Associate Director Coren DuncanlOn, Administrator 
Environmental Systems Program Environmental Systems Program 

822-2126 534-1157 
mmolitor@ucsd.edu _ _ cduncansonOuad.eclu 

Monday, November 8, 1999 The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 23 

Volleyball Wins, Ending Regular Season POLO: Tritons fall short 
against Long Beach 
ContI ....... from PllCe 24 

FINALE: Three seniors help volleyball to a victory over Chapman 
By IRIAN WELLES 
Associate Sports Editor 

They began strong, they fin-
ished strong and they only fal-
tered twice in between. . 

Such was the case at RIMAC 
last Wednesday. Nov. 3, as the 
UCSD Women s Volleyball team 
wrapped its year up by downing 
Chapman University 15-7, 15-8, 
15-8. 

The victory was the Tritons' 
25th of the season, and was also 
the conclusion of yet another 
dominant women's volleyball 
season for UCSD. The victory 
marks Head Coach Duncan 
McFarland's highest-winning 
percentage fcir a season- .925-
and the team leaves with an 
overall record of 25-2. 

Ending on such a high note 
was actually somewhat expected 
by McFarland. 

"It doesn't surprise me that 
we are where we are right now," 
McFarland said. "We had a great 
group of returning players from 
last year. We knew we would 
have a great group of freshmen 
also. I didn' t think that our 
record would be quite this 
good." 

In an emotionally charged 
match-up that marked the final 
regular-season games in the 
careers of seniors Jennifer 
McLain, Jamie Wood' and· 
Allison Bender, the Tritons took 
to the hardwood before a crowd 
of 225 fans. It was business as 
usual as Bender' and McClain 
combined for 27 kills, while 
Woods knocked down 6. 

In the match versus Chapman 
a few weeks ago, the Tritons pre-
vailed 15-4, 15-7, 15-13 at the 
opponent's gym in Orange, 
Calif., so UCSD was confident 
that it had the ability to domi-
nate. 

"There were no big surprises, 
we had played them earlier and 

SOCCER: 
Playoffs games 
prove to be classics 
CoMIIwed"" .... 24 
connected for the goal and the 
championship. 

"I was hoping. I really wanted 
to end the game," Harispe said. "I 
was praying for a cross. I wanted 
a chance. It was a great fake [by 
Cordova)." 

For much of the overtime ptri-
od, it looked as though the 
Loggers were hopping for a stale-
mate 

"They wanted to play to 
p,!nalty kicks," McManus said. 
'They had watched us yesterday 
and they knew how we kicked. 
They had been practicing them. 
You have to give them credit. 
They played to their game plan:" 

It was a very tired Triton team 
that left the field as champions. 

"Fatigue was definitefy a fac-
tor," Harispe said. "We had a 
hard time getting people in the 
box. It gets frustrating. You get 
frustrated with your body, with 
the comers. It came down to a lot 
of heart. I believe in the team. I 
just want to win." 

To get to Sunday's champi-
onship game and play in one of 
the of the most exciting games in 
UCSD history, the Tritons had to 
get by California Lutheran in 
another exciting contest. 

Heading into the game with 
Cal Lutheran, the Tritons had rea-
son to be confident. Dating back 
to 1989, UCSD had beaten the 

~ls in 13 of the last 14 games, 
including a 3-0 victory earlier this 
year. The Tritons had also 
downed Cal Lutheran five 
straight in the postseason. 

they had no playoff hopes," 
McFarland said. The Tritons 
were just hopinf) to finish strong 
for the season while allowing 
their seniors to have fun in their 
final regular-season matches. 

The Tritons came out with 
their minds more focused on the 
heightened sentiments of senior 
night and staying healthy for 
regionals, concentrating less on 
vanqUishing their 25th opponent 
of the year. 

Such an attitude did not 
deter the team's <!dense as 
Leslie Punelli contributed 15 
digs to the Triton cause while 
Mclain, who had the highest 
hitting percentage on the team, 

er level of competition of region-
als," Woods said. "We're looking 
to'go a long way this season." 

Whether or not the UCSD 
women's volleyball team is able 
to capture an astonishing eighth 
national title since its year of 
inception in 1976, McFarland has 
nothing but praise and pride for 
this year's departing group of 
seniors. 

McFarland has had the plea-
sure of coaching the three 
women for all four of their years 
as Tritons. Since taking over as 
head coach in 1996, McFarland's 
squad has won at least 23 games 
yearly, including a National 
Championship in 1997 when 

"The whole athletic program 
is pretty unreal and it's so sup-
portive of everyone,"McLain 
said. I was so excited about play-
ing here when I first came, and 
it's been a dream come true pret-
ty much." 

Woods was also a bigh-ener-
gy member of the team. She con-
tinually pushed her teammates 
in practice when she thought 
they were lagging. In addition to 
her winning attitude, she led by 
example, playing in more games 
this season than any other Triton. 

4ger Corey Dolley got inside posi-
tion at the two-meter slot and 
buried a shot into the back of the 
cage, giving Long Beach State an 
early 1-0 lead. 

Long Beach State scored two 
more times in the first period, 
including a six-on-five goal by 
4ger Chris Segesman with only 10 
seconds left. 

The second quarter began in 
much the same fashion as the first 
ended, with the 4gers scoring on a 
lob shot early in the period to 
stretch the Long Beach lead to 4-0. 

After a goal by Justin Wylie, 
the 4gers scored a two point goal 
to make it 6-1. 

"It doesn't surprise me that we are where we are right 
now. We had a great group of returning players from 
last years. We knew we would have a great group of 
freshman also. I didn't think that our record would be 
quite this good." 

Her role as a ~ack-row spe-
cialist earned her all-tournament 
team honors at the Puget Sound 
Invitational, an astounding 
achievement for a player in her 
position. 

"She had such an impact on 
our team by serving 8 or 9 points 
out of 15 in some games and 
managed to uplift the team when 
it was down," McFarland said. 

Woods always felt she got 
more from the team then she 
gave. 

"6-1 was just ridiculous," 
Harper said. "We got down quick 
and then we decided to play. It 
was hard to deal with." 

Senior Ross Mecham capped the 
first half scoring when he scored on 
a lob from across the cage with 2 
minutes to go in the half. 

also dug 15 balls. As a whole, 
the seniors wanted to bring 
their best game of the year to 
the court last Wednesday, and 
thus they were over-eager at 
times by trying to "be perfect 
and kill every ball possible," 
Mclain said . 

The team showed consisten-
cy all year, handling a tough 
schedule ' with solid team-ori-
ented play characterized by a 
23-game winning streak, and 
wins in tough situations. As ~ 
result, the Tritons will now look 
to regionals. It is uncertain 
whether or not the Tritons will 
host the regional playoffs at 
RIMAe, but despite the loca-
tion of the event, UCSD will be 
training hard. 

"We' re ready for a bigger 
challenge and to play at the high-

As expected, UCSD dominat-
ed the Regals, but it didn't show 
on paper. In the first half, the 
Tritons had two good opportuni-
ties at 40:45 arId 42:25 into the 
game, but could not connect on 
either. 

The second half was more of 
the same. If not for a great save by 
the Regals' goalkeeper Kim Nelli, 
the Tritons may have had an easy 
Victory. 

That was not to be the case as 
UCSD had its biggest scare of the 
year with little time left. 

Eighty-one minutes and 27 
seconds into the match, with less 
than 9 minutes to play, the ' 
Regals' Alix Recinski took a cor-
ner kick from Jennifer Agostino 
and knocked in the go-ahead 
goal, giving her team a 1-0 lead 
while putting the Tritons' backs 
against the wall. 

When they could have pan-
icked, when the pressure could 
have caved in on them, the gutsy 
Tritons held strong. 

Eighty-four minutes and 35 
seconds into the match, this level-
headed attitude paid off. 

The Tritons Laura Dooly 
accepted a cross-pass from Emma 
Borst and booted in the game-
tying kick, forcing the competi-
tion into overtime. 

With the winner of the game to 
play the next day, only two over-
times were to be played. As it 
turned out, they would not be 
enough. 

Neither team could connect in 
the additional 30 minutes of play 
and a shoot-out was in order. The 
penalty kick formlt called for a . 
best of five, with the Tritons kick-
ing first. 

The. Tritons' Lizzy Shilling 

See ~ Pille 22 

---D-.n McF8r18nc1 
Women 's Volleyball Head Coach 

UCSD went 27-5. Bender, 
Mclain and Woods all experi-
enced the ecstasy of winning the 
champioship and McFarland 
points to these three seniors as 
significant contributors to the 
program and the team's overall 
performance. 

"Jennifer was a great motiva-
tor and spiritual leader," 
McFarland said . "She was sup-
portive of the athletic program 
here and she made it fun for all 
the athletic teams and players. 
She was a good role-player on 
our team, and [she possessed) 
an energy and enthusiasm 
regardless of her role on the 
team." 

When asked about the job she 
does as an athletic booster, 
Mclain praised the sports pro-
grams at UCSD. 

• 

"The program and the con-
cept of the team being more 
important than any individual 
person has helped me to develop 
so much as a player and as a per-
son," Woods said. 

Despite the role that her 
cohorts played, fans, coaches 
and teammates will remember 
Bender as a talented, all-around 
player. 

Dominating the front and back 
rows, she was an ever-present 
force on defense. Blessed with 
strong hitting skills, she was able 
to spark the Triton offense with 
near-perfect serving and on many 
occasions smashed several aces in 
a row. She played with a constant 
smile, making fans scratch their 
heads when they'd see how com-
petitive she could be. 

"She's too nice to be that 
tough," McFarland said. "She's a 
tiger on the court," 

With the score standing at 6-2 
at half-time, the Tritons were 
down, but not out. 

Harper 's squad came out fur i-
ously in the third quarter, playing 
one of the finest periods of the sea-
son. Ryan Dandy launched a two-
point bullet that found the back of 
the net with 4:57 to go in t1 e period 
to pull the Tritons within two. 

After a 4ger goal, Mecham 
took over the game. Jason 
Boettner stole the ball and passed 
up to Mecham who scored on a 
breakaway to make the score 7-5. 
The 4gers then scored again, but 
'Mecham was up to the task, com-
ing back down the tank and bury-
ing a two-point goal to pull the 
Tritons within one. 

With 2.1 seconds to go in the 
quarter, the Tritons lobbed the ball 
to Mecham, who tipped it past the 
4ger goalkeeper to tie the game 
heading into the final period. 

See POLO, Page 22 

Solve Puzzles 
for a Living 

If you'd like to learn, use your programming skills to figure out more, 
then design & implement s61utions that will improve how we do business, 
come to our Information Session. Find out about Software Engineering 
opportunities in the Secondary Marketing IT Group at Countrywide. 

aal C.,.,'enlae. Ce.l., 
"'--"II1II- laa. . 

......... " ....... ., 11111 , B:_. 
r .... I drIIIb ·pravlded 

Coun~· 
HOME LOANS, INC. 

• www.countrywldecareers.com 
:== 0 1l1li ~ /IqItrtt:of. Inc. ~ MMca ..... ~ 01 CounIrywtde c..dIIlncMIrtee, Inc .. or ... UtoIcIaftea. 

... 



", 

24 NEWS The UCSD Guardian Monday, November 8, 1999 

......... _.., 
.... 11.-
..... 11 .... ' 
............ 

-PtlII -...n. North 
_"'/WI Soccer Uo¥lO 

commssJoner 'is 

The 
Swami 
Dave Yen 
Surprises leave 
experts guessing 

It's halfway through the last 
NFL season of the millennium 
and only one word can describe 
the events tha t have transpired 
thus fa r: unbelievable! Consider 
this: the Denver Broncos, two-
time defending Super Bowl 
champions, are sitting at 3-6, 
realistically out of the playoff 
picture. The three other confer-
ence championship teams Oets, 
Falcons, Vikings) have strug-
gled all year long. Only 
Minnesota has a legitimate shot 
to compete, and tha t's because it 
du mped all-pro quarterback 
Randa ll Cunningham. 

So who's on top? 
Not the 4gers. It used to be 

tha t fa ns could always count 
on San Francisco to be the 
thick of things come January. 
This yea r, wi th numerous 
injuries and a secondary that's 
practically invisible, the 4gers 
will be lucky to finish wi th an 
even record. 

Formerly known as the St. 
Louis La mbs, the Rams are on 
top this year, gell ing a tremen-
dous boost from arena football 
standout Kurt Warner and run-
ning back Marshall Fa ulk. In 
the American Football 
Conference (AFC), at least 10 
teams have a competitive shot 
at the playoffs, led by defensive 
giants Miami and Jacksonville. 
The NFL Superbowl race has-
n't been more wide-open in 
years, so experts beware. But 
everyone loves to make predic-
tions, so here's one take on the 
rest of the season. 

NFC 
1. St. Louis Rams (13-3): 

They are near the top of the 
league in both offense and 
defense, but they've also 
-played a cake schedule, and it 
doesn' t get much harder. 
Home-field advantage should 
be a breeze, but watcn out dur-
ing the playoffs if the Rams get 
drawn into a tight game. 
Experience is everything. 

2. Green Bay Packers (11-5): 
They've been up and down all 
year, demolishing the Chargers 
on the road, but then getting 
blown out by the Broncos and 
the Seahawks. Brett Favre may 
not be having a career year, but 
with Elway making commer-
cials, he's the one you want 
with the game on the line. . 

3. Dallas Cowboys (10-6): 
I'm going against the grain 
and picking the Cowboys to 
bounce back and edge out 
oveJ-ra ted Washington. 
They've beaten the Skins 
twice, and at least they can 
play a shred of defense. 
Stephen Davis may lead the 
league in rushing, but Emmitt 
Smith is more durable and 
gets the job done. 

4. Detroit Lions (10-6): 
Barry Sa nders must be kicking 
himself right now. The Lions 
have proven their season is no 
fluke with wins over Green 
Bay, Seattle and Minnesota . 
But with running back Ron 
Rivers out indefinitely and 

See ..... Paee 22 

A '~air of Games for the Ages 
PLAYOFFS: UCSD defeats Cal Lutheran and Puget Sound in dramatic fashion to advance 
By ROBERT FULTON 
Staff Writer 

It took two epic battles that combined for 
over four hours of play during the weekend 
for it to happen: but the UCSD women's soc-
cer team is the 1999 Western Regional cham-
pions. 

On Sunday, after 128 minutes of play, the 
Tritons downed Washington's University of 
Puget Sound (UPS) 1-0 in triple overtime to 
take the crown janine Harispe took a pass 
from Lauren Jacobs and booted in the goal to 
win the game. 

"Janine was playing the hardest out of 
everyone," UCSD Head Coach Brian 
McManus said. "Her getting the winning goal 
is tremendous. Her being a senior and a cap-
tain showed through." 

The only thing that can surpass the intensi-
ty of the championship game on Sunday was 
the semi-final match against California 
Lutheran on Saturday. The Tritons had to go 
to sudden death penalty kicks for the chance 
to play Sunday. 

But there will be more on the Saturday epic 
later 

For most of the championship game, the 
Tritons clearly dominated the .Loggers of 
UPS. In the first half, the Tritons had many 
shot opportunities and could have easily 
had a big lead at the break if they had just 
connected. 

The intensity that the Loggers had built by 
the end of the first half carried over and blos-
somed in the beginning of the second half. 

The Loggers came out in the second half 
strong and looked like a different team. If it 
hadn't been for a great save at 75:53 into the 
game by Triton goalkeeper Jennifer Hetland 
(Saturday's hero), UCSD may have had to 
pack its bags early. 

Luckily that would be the last serious 
threat by UPS as the Tritons regrouped and 
began to pummel Puget Sound's goalkeeper 
Karen Ecklebe with shots that courd not find 
the back on the net. After 90 minutes of regu-
lation, overtime was required. 

Usa Huff/Guard;811 
Leta P..tr: Triton players celebrate victory while Puget Sound player Maya Mendoza (15) 
looking on in disbelief. 

"If it was a boxing match, it would have 
been over by a TKO," McManus said, refer-
ring to his team's dominance without scoring. 
"I used only three bench players. When you 
have your players playing like that, you don' t 
change. They got the job done." 

The Tritons not only continued their domi-
nance of the match into overtime, they took it 
to the next level. 

A number of UCSD shots went all direc-
tions other than into the goal. A save at the 
103.22 mark by Ecklebe called for a second 
overtime period. 

The second overtime saw many unsuccess-
ful UCSD corner kicks. The Tritons and 
Loggers could not settle things in the second 
overtime, and thus a third was needed. 

The third extra period was like the rest of 
the game, with UCSD clearly the front runner. 
Then, after 128 minutes and 22 seconds of 
play, the Tritons finally connected. 

Erika Alfredson passed the ball to Jacobs. 
Jacobs, aided by a fake from Jessica 
Cordova, dished' the ball to Harispe who Usa Huff/GulJrdlan 

__ Ower: UCSO's Janlne Harispe (8) burIes a header In the third sudden death 
See IOCcmI, Page 23 overtime to send the TrItons to the NCAA Quarterfinals. 

Water Woes Continue for Triton Polo 
FRUSTRATION: Decision making was primary problem in Triton's loss to Long Beach State on Sunday 
By BILL BURGER 
Sports Editor 

For the UCSD Men's Water 
Polo team, the finish line is in 
sight. With only the Western 
Water Polo Association tourna-
ment and the National 
Championship Final Four 
remaining, the Tritons should be 
in high gear. Unfortunately, 
instead of racing toward the tape, 
the Tritons ~ to be sta~. 

After losing dose matches to 
Mount Pacific Sports Federation 
members Pepperdine and UC 
Santa Barbara, the Tritons were 
blown out at home last weekend 
against UCLA. 

This weekend, the Tritons 
righted the ship somewhat with a 
1>5 victory on the road against 
Claremont College. This means . 
they have four 10SIeS in their last 
five games with a tough 12-8 
defeat at the hands of Long Beach 

• •• • . I' • 

State on Sunday. 
On Saturday, however, the 

Tritons had little trouble with 
~~ntConege.Aft~ ~hing 
out to an early first-quarter lead, 
the Tritons didn't look back as they 
handed Claremont a 15-5 defeat. 

"The game went accordingly," 
Head Coach Denny Harper said. 
"We played well enough to show 
that they had no chance to beat us." 

Although the Tritons had no 
problems, Harper was not com-

pletely content with his team's 
performance, sighting lackadaisi-
cal play in the third quarter when 
the game was already in hand. 

Sunday's game was an entire-
ly different story, however. 

The game started with a series 
of defensive stops by both sides 
as Triton goalie Glenn Busch 
came up big early-on. The dead-
lock at zero was aaclced when 

See POLO, p. 23 


