
Elsewhere 
IIstInec ....... 
............. 
EVANSTON, III. - As a 
result of a Dec. 14 out-of-
coun settlement, 
Nonhwestern University 
sophomore Ryan Du Val will 
be allowed to keep his repli-
cation of Michelangelo's 
Sistine Chapel painting on 
the ceiling of his donn room. 
Du Val, who spent six days 
on his back during New 
Student Week last fall paint-
ing his ceiling to look like 
the famed anwork, filed a 
federal lawsuit against the 
university on Dec. II -
shonly after the university 
planned to paint over the 
ceiling. Du Val's attorney 
said that her client was pro-
tected under the Visual Ans 
Rights Act of 1990, which 
protects anists from those 
trying to destroy their work 
without written pennission. 

- The Daily Northwestern 

Uck of Heat 
Forces T...u OUt 

- COLUMBUS, Ohio -
Several Ohio State University 
students living in local off-
campus apanments spent last 
Tuesday night in a hotel after 
their aparunents had gone 
without heat since New Year's 
Eve. The tenants reponed 
temperatures in the 20s and 
30s in their apanments, and 
one student said that she 
found icicles hanging in her 
shower. The office manager 
for the Pella's maintenance 
office said that they expected 
to have the furnace fixed and 
have the students back in their 
apanments by Wednesday. 

- The La"tern 

AdIB.uI ... Slats 
Concern Dartmouth 
HANOVER, N.H. - Only 
three African-Americans were 
accepted into Danmouth 
College's early decision pro-
gram. Some administrators 
fear that this low number may 
be a result of a recent contro-
versy on the campus. 
Danmouth accepted about 38 
pereent of the projected 1,055 
members of its incoming class 
under its early decision pro-
gram. However, less than I 
percent of those students 
accepted were African-
Americans. Dean of 
Admissions Karl Furstenberg 
said that he is worried the 
national publicity surrounding 
a pany with a "ghello" theme 
may have impacted the early 
decision as well as regular 
decision admissions. 

- The Dartmouth 

Spok.n· ••• 
"You can imagine that 
taking a chisel and 
banging on the safe 
has got to make a lot 
of noise. If somebody 
heard anything, they 
should give us a call." 

- DouI O'Dell 
UCSO Police Officer 

See story at rICht 
1nbImIt: wWw.ucad.edu/.UMII .. 

E-InIiI: 1U~.tIdu 

Changing the Rul'es Friends? On Fir. ~ 
Graduate student Eric Peterson Writer questions the Men s b-ball triumphs a 
examines traditional gender roles by benefit ofjoining a over adversity to win Z 
subverting heterosexist boundaries fraternity or sorority the La lolla Classic 0 

Feature., page 9 Opinion, page 4 Sports, page 16 :E 
, H E U C 5 D 

UCSAN DIEGO MONDAY, JANUARY II, 1999 VOLUME 96, ISSUE 3 

DOWN IN 'THE CENTER Thieves Broke 
Into Safes 
During Break 
ROBBERY: UCSD police 
suspect that the same person or 
persons committed all four crimes 
By KI-Mln Sung 
Senior Staff Writer 

A series of fire-safe break-ins has the UCSD 
Police Depanment looking for leads to capture 
those responsible. This is the first time UCSD 
has experienced such a rash of attacks on cam-
pus safes. 

One of the four break-ins took place at Club 
Med in September, resulting in a loss of $3,000. 
Over winter break, thieves broke into fire safes 
at Soft Reserves and Revelle Bargain Books, 
taking $900 and $600 respectively. The Grove 
was also broken into; however, no money was 
taken due to the nature of the safe. 

Doug O' Dell , a UCSD police officer, said 
that all the thefts were committed by the same 
person or persons. 

"The method of attack is the same," he said. 
O' Dell said that the types of tools that were 

used to force entry into the building were the 
same. In all cases, the thieves attacked the door 
with a crow bar or something simi lar, or went 
through a window. Once inside, they used a 
chisel and possibly a sledgehammer to bang on 
the safe until they could pry it open. 

"If you look at the safe, you can imagine 
that taking a chisel and banging on the safe has 
got to make a lot of noise," O' Dell said. "If 
somebody heard anything, they should give us 
a call.. They may have heard the noise or they 
may have seen something and not realized what 
was going on," he added. 

Usa Hutt/Guardian 
IIeve: Students from UCSD and other schools partied to the beat of 25 OJs on 3 
stages at the Price Center during "Movement: Art of Electronic Music, • which was held 
on Sunday from 1 p.m. to 11 p.m. DJs traveled from all over the country to perform. 

The fire safes, which were successfully bro-
ken into, are different from other safes such as 
the one at the Grove. A fire safe is lined with 
concrete and less steel to protect its contents 
from fire. Safes used to store money and high-
ly priced valuables are more difficult to break 
into than fire safes because of the density of the 
metal and the complexity of the bolts. Each of 
the fire safes that was broken into had only two 
bolts to chisel away before it could be pried 

See CRIME, Page 3 

New Associate Vice Chancellor Appointed 
ADMINISTUnoN: 
George Peck Jr, will 
serve as new member of 
the development team 
By ,... MontemQor 

St.ff~r 
UCSD- welcomes a new face to 

its administration this year with the 
arrival of GeofJ' S. Peck Jr., the 
university's newly appoinlcd ass0-
ciate vice chancellor of develop-
ment. 

Peck, who staned working last 
week, was vice presidenl-of univer-
sity advancement at the University 
of Texas, San Antonio prior to com-
ing to UCSD. He also served as 
senior manager for the office of 
development at Arizona State 
University in Tempe, Arizona, vice 
presidenl of the Memorial Hospital 
Foundation in Houston, Texas, 
director of developmenl at Cullen 
Collese of Engineering at the 
Universily of Houston, and execu-
tive direclor of development at 

Pitzer College. 
Still settling into a corner office 

where the sunlight falls through 
large glass windows, Peck already 
has a busy schedule. 

Peck, who has had 30 years of 
experience in fund raising, said that 
achieving a coherent understanding 
of the purpose and needs of the uni-
versity is a crucial step toward 
implementins Slrategic actions to 
acquire resources. 

"You have to think in terms of 
programs and projects not just indi-

vidual gifta," Peck said. "We're 
looking at how does it all fit togeth-
er.n 

UCSD is a multi-faceted estab-
lishment comprised of separate 
entities, ranging from the Scripps 
Institute of Oceanography to the 
UCSD Medical Center, all of which 
have their own fund-raising opera-
tions staff. 

As senior administrator of the 
university's development team, 
Peck's responsibilities include 

See""', Page 2 



2 NEWS 

FUNDS: Peck 
has had over 30 
years of experience 
ContInued frOlll paCe 1 

will not only be advanced further, 
hut also make the university a 
strong competitor for more dol-
lars. 

"Fund raising is an opportunity 
to leverage dollars," Peck said. 
"There are numerous requirements 
and opportunities where private 
dollars need to be used and are on a 
great leverage for making people 
and programs here more competi-
tive for those dollars." 

aiding the fund-raising ,taffs and 
heading a central unit to coordi-
nate the needs of each group to fit 
the overall vision of the universi-
ty. 

Peck will also be involved in 
maintaining alumni support, hope- Langley said Peck will be an 
fully leading to new 
scholarships and fel -
lowships. 

Vice Chancellor 
for External 
Relations James M. 
Langley said he 
" eli eves that Peck's 
qualifications will 
enable UCSD to 
increase alumni sup-
port. 

"1 think IGeorgel 
will develop sys-
tems and approach-
es that will allow u, 
to broaden and 
slrengthen our base 
of alumni support," 
Langley said. 
"Graduales from 

"He ..... 
reputation for 
ralslngmone, 
the right w., 
which .nt.ll. 
the patient 
building of 
r.l.tlonshlps 
with pot.ntl.1 
donors •••• nd 
acting a •• 
conscl.ntlous 
st.w.rd of 
prlv.t. funds. " 

- Jim Langley 

asset in ensuring 
UCSD's . advance-
men!. 

"I think [George] 
can help this young 
university develop 
potential by build-
ing an ever-stronger 
base of private sup-
port," Langley said. 
" He has a reputation 
for rai si ng money 
the right way which 
entails the patient 
building of relation-
ships with potential 
donors ... and act-
ing as a conscien-
tious steward of pri -
vate funds." 

some of the earlier 
classes are now 
achieving Ihe means 

Vice Chancellor for 
Peck said that 

his previous experi-
ences will help him 
to accelerate the 

External Relations 

to make suhstantial contrihutions. 
It is incumhent on us to show them 
how their contributions can make a 
difference." 

Along with alumni , organi za-
tions outside the UCSD communi-
ty arc key to ensuring the universi-
ty's prosperity. Peck said he rec-
ogni zes the significance of private 
sectors as sources of linancial sup-
port and the inlluence such sup-
porters can have on elevating the 
rank of UCSD. By inlegraling pri -
va lc c:onlrihulions wi lh federal 
funding, Peck ~aid Ihe uni versity's 
\ talu~ in research and academics 

university into the 21st century as 
a leader in academics and 
research. 

"I've had opportunities to, num-
ber one, be familiar and understand 
the organization of the institution," 
Peck said. " In other words, what it 
takes for an institution to go from 
one level to another. And UCSD is 
certainly one organization that does 
move levels quickly. 

" And it does take a lot of 
resources to do that," Peck added. 
"But. it also takes an understanding 
and appreciation for what happens 
aaoss the institution." 

GUARDIAN 
WALT DICKINSON 

Ed,tor in Chief 
JULIA KULLA·MADER • MEGAN SMITH 

Munu.qmg ttlltors 
TABITHA GRANSHAW • LAURA KNIGHTEN 

Copy E,ittors 
LEENA SHANKAR. ERIKA SNIDER 

News Editor,f 
JESSICA SCHEPPMANN 

Feutures Editor 
MARC COMER 
Opinton f:dit~r 
JEFF BARKER 

Associute OpinlO/l Editor 
JAKE GORDON. JOHN MAYNARD 

Sports Editors 

TRAVIS HILL 
Associute Sports Editor 

LINDSAY SWORSKI 
liiutus Editor 

DAVID LEE 
Afsociute Hiutus Editor 

DAVE LUBITZ 
Photo Editor 
LISA HUFF 

Af.fOciate Photo Editor 
JOHN BARBER 

Graphics Editor 
NICK RUNCO 
IJeslgn tWtor 

SENIOR ITA" WMTEJIS 
John Barber. Genevteve COA. Vincent Gragnafll. Mary H.ggrns. laura KOIghten. 

Dave lubltz. Annam Manlhfram. Jen,..,.,. NtChO'son. Mark Smith. Scott '!'ager 
STAFf WRITERS 

Kart Fnedman. Nllou Mostok Chllstule Pangall . Jacob Schechter. Eve SenuI)' 
ILWSTRATOIIS 

MIke Belle. Krlstme Chang. Austin Hsla. Ahce LIn. Joe Pan, Josephme Roberts. NichOlas Runco 
DESIGNERS ChriS Moran. Karen Tran. Thomas Weng 

WE8MASTtR Snan Wlkner 
COMPUTER SUPltOltT DaVid Glicksman 

ANN BAREFIELD 
Busilless MUIlager 

BROCK HALTER 
Advl!Tlising Munt·ger 

MIKE MARTINEZ 
AdL'ertisin.Q Art Director 

YVETTE ALCALA 
Assistunt Business MUIloger 

JOE PAN 
A"uertism.q Design & Layout 

AOYERYlSING ASSISTANT Melody Gonzales 
CIRCULAnON ASSISTANTS 

Navld Allpour. Jason Allen. PhillIp Goldman. Ethan levy. Molly Michaelis, Jacob Meyberg 
ADVERTISING DESIGN a LAYOUT John Barber. Karl Friedman, Casey Bwtenhuys 

The UCSD Guardian IS published Mondays and Thursdays dUrIOg the academic year by and for 
the students of UCSD, Reproduction of tillS newspaper In any 'arm. whether In whole or In 
parl. Without permiSSion is strictly prohibited. C 1999. i'li fights reserved. The UCSO GuardIan 
IS not responSible for the return of unsoliCited manuscripts or art. The ViewS expreSSed herein 
do not necessarily represent the opintons of The UCSD Guardian, the Unwers/tv of Cafifornia or 
the ASSOCiated Students. The UCSD Guardian IS funded SOlely by advertiSing. 
Some of us here love fraternities, honest. We swellf'. We featly do. 

News/Features: 534·5226. General Editorial: 534-6581 
Oplnlon/Sparts: 534-6582. H,atus: 534-6583 
Advertising Office: 534-3466. Fax: 534·7691 

emaIl: guardlan@ucsd.edu 
GuardIan Onhne: htrp:llwww.ucsd.edulgu8rdlanl 

UCSD GuardIan, 9500 GIlman Drive 0311, 
La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 

Actual location: Second Floor. UCSO Student Center Building ·A·. Rm. 217 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, January II, 1999 

LIFE IN HELL 
A,"I.-'T1t~ 
L'f£.~ 
\-\E\,...L ~~ 

THE HOLLYWOOD CIRCLE OF LIFE 
, 

BRIEFLY ••• 

New Photography to Be Exhib'ited 
A photography exhibition titled "The Californios: 

Photographs of Oescendents from the Mission Era of 
Baja California " will be shown at Geisel Library from 
Jan. 11 through March 27. Photographer Leland 
Foerster will discuss his work in the Seuss Room of 
Geisel Library on Jan. 19 at 7 p.m. • 

Foerster has been traveling to Mexico since 1996 
to capture the spirit of the Californios - the resilient 
frontier culture living in the remote regions of Baja, 
California. This is the first complete exhibition of his 
work. 

The Californios trace their ancestry back to the sol-
diers and ranchers who lived in Baja California during 
the mission era in the early part of the 18th century. 
The Californio project includes about a dozen ranch 
families who live in the mountains around San Bo~a, 
Santa Gertrudis, Santa Marta, Guadalupe and San 
Javier. 

The exhibit will include 25 black-and-white pho-
tographs and accompanying text. It will focus on the 
themes of work, family, strength and a deeply rooted 
connection to the land. 

The exhibition is sponsored by UCSO's Mandeville 
Special Collections Library and UCSO Extension's 
Liberal Arts and International Programs. For more 
information, call 534-2533. 

Meeting to Be Held on ,.rldng 
And Transportation 1_ •• 

All students who are interested in the parking prob-
lems at UCSO are invited to attend a meeting held by 
the A.S. Executive Committee on Parking and 
Transportation Issues, on Tuesday, Jan. 12 in Student 
Center Room 2. 

The group of concerned students will work togeth-
er to learn, investigate, discuss and solve the parking 

problems at UCSO. For more information. e-mail 
cluskin@ucsd.edu 

Teach for Am.rlca Information 
NI .... to Be Held on Wedne .... , 

Teach for America will host an information night on 
Wednesday, Jan, 13 in the Price Center Cove at 7 p.m. 
Teach for America is the national corps of outstanding 
college graduates who commit two years to teach in 
America's most under·resourced urban and rural pub-
lic schools. 

Applications for the program are available at the 
Volunteer Connection, located on the second floor of 
Price Center. For more information, call 534-1414. 

Auditions Will Be Held on 
Tu ..... ' for C.ber.t 

Students are invited to an audition for a Caberet 
that will be going up ninth week on Tuesday, Jan, 12 
beginning at 7 p.m. The location of the auditions will 
be announced on the drama board at the drama 
department Students should sign up for specific time 
slots. The audition will consist of a five-minute read 
and scripts will be available, 

FIVe plays will be performed by the Cabaret 
"Bionic Farm" is the heroic tale of revolution in the 
age of bionic cows. 'Eulogy for. a Suburban Hero" is 
the abstract tale of a man, his wife, 2.2 kids and a 
dog. "The Front" is about three roommates who con-
spire to reform their sloppy fourth roommate. 'Gone" 
is the story of a slacker turned philosopher and how 
he lost man's real best friend. "Second Coming of 
Christ" is a story about Jesus living in the godless 
20th century, facing his greatest challenge ever - the 
mob. For more information, call 623-0525. 

Monday, January II, 1999 The UCSD Guardian 

LIGHTS IRENS 
Lights & Sirens is a selection of 
entries c"rnpiled from the log book 
of the Ut. ';D Police Department. 

s.turda" JM. 2 
9:41 •. m.: A student reported 
a burglary to Student Center 
Room 108,1. No loss. 
SUnUy, J.n. 3 
12:03 •. m.: Officers detained a 
36-year-old male non-affiliate at 
for being drunk in public. 
Transported to Detox, 
12:43 p.m.: A staff member 
reported burglary to Revelle 
Bargain Books. Loss: $625. 
3;37 p.m.: A student reported 
burglary to the Pepper Canyon 
Apartments . Loss: $764.80. 
U:39 p.m.: Officers detained 
one 19-year-old and two 18-
year-old male students for 
being drunk in public at the 
Muir College Quad, Transported 
to Detox. 
MCIIICbI" JM. 4 
9:45 •. m.: A staff member 
reported burglary to the 3rd 
floor of the Literature Building, 
Loss: $215,98. 
Tues"'" JM. 5 
10:37 •• m.: A staff member 
reported the theft of CDs from 
EBUl room 2507. Loss: 
$515. 
1:09 p.m.: Officers arrested a 

CRIME: Soft 
Reserves lost $900 
during winter break 

open. 
Although lire sares are used to 

protect documents and valuables, 
they are also sometimes used to 
store cash, since they are Ie~s 
expensive and serve as an active 
theft deterrent. 

Revelle Bargain Bookstore and 
Soft Reserves are not taking regres-
sive measures to compensate for 
losses. Jennirer Mancano, Sort 
Reserves manager, said the store 
may see a reduction in profit but 
that the theft will not affect the cost 
or materials sold to students. 

"We might have a slightly 
smaller profit in the end, but I don't 
think it's going to have a huge 
effect," Mancano said. 

riol1f/'towlotim/.j 
~-kll 1.998 

~~tllillte.j 
April Barivan 

Cat Spicer 
Joy SteeLe 

Elisa Wielel 

Axn 

19-year-old female student for 
misuse of a handicapped plac-
ard in Lot 104. Cited and 
released. 
12:43 p.m.: Officers arrested a 
22-year-old male non-affiliate 
for posseSSion of a firearm on 
university property. Firearm con-
fiscated. 
W ....... ',J .... I 
8:53 •• m.: A 41-year-old female 
staff member suffered a knee 
injury after failing on the walk-
way between the Faculty Club 
and Student Health Services. 
Transported to Thornton by 
paramedics. 
1:27 p.m.: A 22-year-old male 
student suffered a seizure at 
the Par Course. Transported to 
Thornton by paramedics. 
TIIursUy, J ... 7 
1:30 •• m.: A staff member 
reported vandalism to a window 
at Goldberg Hall. Unknown 
loss. 
FrIdIIy, Mn. 8 
1:05 •• m.: A student reported 
the theft of a laptop from the 
third floor of Discovery Hall. 
Loss: $1.500, 
1:15 p.m.: A student reported 
the theft of credit cards. Loss: 
$20. 
1:50 p.m.: An employee filed a 
report concerning a lost San 

Diego Probation Department 
badge. 
1:U p.m.: A student reported 
the burglary of a pink '86 
Suzcl(i Samurai in Lot 102. 
Loss: $150. 
4:08 p.m.: An officer filed a 
report concerning a possible 
theft at the General Store. 
5:03 p.m.: A student reported 
the theft of a white '91 Ford 
Escort from Lot 702. Loss: 
$2.500. 
10:30 p.m.: Units and the San 
Diego Fire Department respond-
ed to a 24-year-old student suf-
fering from fever and delusions. 
Transported to Thornton 6y 
paramedics. 
s.tan."JM.9 
U:18 p.m.: Officers arrested a 
20-year-old male non-affiliate at 
the Muir Quad for being a minor 
in posseSSion of alcohol. Cited 
and released. lund." J.n. 10 
2:03 •• m.: Units and the San 
Diego Fire Department respond-
ed to an 18-year-old female stu-
dent suffering from stomach 
pains at Blake Hall . 
Transported to Thornton by 
paramedics. 

- Compiled by ....... Shankar, 
,News Editor 

Courtesy of the UCSD Police Department 
D. -..: By the time thieves have pried open a safe using 
chisels and even a sledgehammer, the safe is beyond repair. 

Revelle Bargain Books will also Bargain Books is to be there for the 
keep running business as usual. students," said Betsy Dewitt, man-

"The purpose of Revelle See CRIME, Page 7 

NEWS 3 

~~'N"HOUR' 
Costa V.eM Shopping c.ntw • 1650 G8n_ Ave .• '200 • La Jolla/UTe. 457-9500 

1400 Comino eMla Reina • Mission v,*" • 2f7-S900 

Guardian '7c;;. 
Valentine ' 

Issue 
Fill out your free Valentine 
Peroonals in the Guardian Office. 
upstairs, Student Center Deadline, Feb. 8, 3 pm 

-

A REASON TO SMIL 
Start off the New Year with a brighter smile that everyone 
will notice, For a limited time only, Dr. Lee will provide 

Opalescence® 
Tooth 

Whitening 
System 

for only $99 (a $300 value). 
Call today, you'll be glad you did. 

Linda K. Lee, D.D.S., M.S. 
"At the heart of my dental practice IS senslUt'lty lind ImaR'nation . 

Done In this way , I am able to deLght the patient , 
maximize oral health along with total health, as tvell 

as create new smiles. new confu1.ence and peace of mind . " 

On campus of Scripps Memorial Hospital 
. (619)453 .. 3888 

9850 Genesee Avenue, Suite ZOO, La Jolla 



4 OPINION The UCSD Guardian 

PINION 
One recovering fraternity 

member states that the UCSD 
Greek life of fake friends, 

expensive sweatshirts and 
pretending to be 

philanthropic is a world 0.( 
conformity 

By Jeremy Gray 
Staff Writer 

Fraternities hate being called 
"frats" - it is considered disrespect-
ful. That being said, let me tell you 
why rushing frats is a big mistake. 

Rather than promoting lifelong 
friendships and skills that can be use-
ful in the real world, fraternities are 
an extension of high school for peo-
ple who can't move past gossiping, 
student government and conformity. 
At least, that was the case when I was 
10 one. 

Fraterniti'es work if you buy into 
the concept of "brotherhood," and I 
do mean buy into it. There are sever-
al pledge fees to pay (running up to 
about $2(0), and that's before you're 
even guaranteed a spot in the fraterni-
ty. Once you get in, the dues range 
from $140-$170 a quarter, depending 
on the particularities of each fraterni-
ty. Each pledge and active member is 
also expected to buy t-shirts made for 
Greek-related events at $8-$10 a pop. 
The puffy-lettered sweatshirts are 
even more, running $30-$40. But 
hey, paying through the nose is OK if 
it means having access to the myste-
rious concept of brotherhood, right'l 
Not exactly. 

There's a certain pride that goes 
with those letters, but it's not brother-
hood. I'm II()( going to say that you 

don't feel a small bond with your 
pledge brothers - after all, each of 
you suffered some form of initiation 
together. But that's as far as it goes. 
There is no mystical bond that makes 
everybody friends, even if the "secret 
ceremonies" try to inject a little tradi-
tion and meaning into an otherwise 
ridiculous concept. 

For some individuals, myself 
included, membership in the frater-
nity was symbolic of overcoming 
challenges in pledging and manag-
ing to get decent grades (and I will 
say, in defense of fraternity'S that 
they do make pledges go to manda-
tory study hours every week). But 
most of that private symbolism went 
right out the window when I stepped 
outside and realized I looked like 70 
other guys and automatically had the 
"duh" stigma that goes with being 
Greek at UCSD. 

Furthermore, rush is a mirage. If 
you wondered why every active 
member greeting you seemed like he 
knew your family, dentist and insur-
ance salesman, your suspicions have 
merit. For one or two weeks before-
hand, fraternity members actually 
train for rush week in high hopes that 
they will attract the most potential 
pledges. The strategy is simple: the 
larger your fraternity, the better it 
looks. Why would so many people 

join a bad fraternity? 
So in two weeks, every bro is 

taught how to be friendly with each 
other and how to deal with rushees. 
For example, you're taught to act like 
everything the rushee says is com-
pletely important and interesting -
even if they're spouting off the first 
thirty-two digits of Pi or the Latin 
subclassifications of plants. And if 
you aren't up to the task, you're sup-
posed to take him around to some 
other brothers and introduce him. 
Then, like a hotshot car salesman 
who doesn't have time to deal with a 
high school student on his lot, you 
excuse yourself and tell the rushee 
that he'll be taken care of. 

In the event that the rushee has 
specific questions about the fraterni-
ty, it is stressed that if you dori't know 
the exact answer, you pass him ofT to 
specialized brothers. One deals with 
finances, another with athletics, a 
third. with ac,ademics and statistics. 
Just as long as the rushee identifies 
with a small group of brothers, rush 
proceeds into the next step - the 
hoole 

Let's say that a rushee is an athlete 
and he really clicks with a couple of 
guys in the fraternity that just happen 
to be on the basketball team. It is then 
up to those guys to call him up the 

s.e-,Pace5 

Monday, January II, 1999 

Monday, January II, 1999 The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

DANCE OFFERS EXPERIENCES GREEK: Lettered sweatshirts, 
tools of conformity 
CGtItIIIMed ..... Ne 4 

interaction outside of the fraternity. 
Maybe the Greeks prefer each 
other's company (the fact that 
many Greeks live with other 
Greeks is an example), or mayhe 
there is such a commitment to the 
different events that it's really diffi -
cult to interact with non-Greeks. 
Whatever the reason, the social 
l:ommunity of the Greek system is 
quite limited to the Greek sy~tem. 
In fact , many fraternity events are 
open to the general public, but very 
few. if any, non-Greeks allcnd. The 
simple truth is when you put hun-
dreds of Greeks together in some 
puffy sweatshirts. it's quite intimi-
dating to anybody not familiar with 
the system. 

Editor: 
My advice for Jenna Barclay 

("Price of Academic Success is 
No Fun at All," GlIIJrrJian, Jan. 7, 
1999) and others who feel some-
thing is missing from their college 
experience, and for those who are 
not really into the Greek scene, or 
drinking scene, is to sign up for 
dance classes right on campus -
swing, ballroom, country western 
- whatever turns you on the 
most. 

Dance classes offer unlimited 
avenues for fun, meeting new 
friends, healthy outlet for stress 
and good exercise, possible 
romance and opens the door to 
more social experiences and 
fun. 

Perhaps that swing dance 
instructor will invite his students 
to meet at various clubs to prac-
tice throughout San Diego? 
Maybe that sweet girl you met in 
Ballroom dance class will invite 
you to another Ballroom dance 
someplace else" Maybe that guy 
you met two-stepping is looking 
for a partner to take advanced 
classes with" 

The possibilities are unlimit-
ed. Classes are offered through 
campus recreation. Give it a 
try! 

Sylvia ClIStelluzzo 

Letters t~ Editor 
The Guardian welcomes 'IItters 
from its readers. All letters must be 
no loreer than three PBtlfIs, typed, 
doubl.spaced and signed. Letters 
must also contain a phone number. 
We reserve the fiIht to edit for 
letWth and clarity. Letters may be 
dropped off at the Guardian office 
on the second floor of the Old 
Student Center. Send all letters to: 

The UCSD Guardian 
Opinion Editor 

9500 GHman Dr. 0316 
La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 

FIJI(: (619) 534-7691 
fHnail: flUMIIanIIucsd.edu 

stop WlllnIn& (let 
out,T_.~. 

Editor: 
In response to Jenna Barclay's 

article, "Price at' Academic 
Success is No Fun at All," 
(GlIIJrrJian, Jan. 7, 1999): 

It is important that UCSD's 
apathetic student population does 
not just whine about the state of 

------~-----------------I 

,.. pnees Include activatlOl\ , months· he IInIcc; two years flee lI04Ce mail. unlimited paging, and 
SoutIIan CIIItomN, PhoenIx IIId 1ft ~ c~. Some ftsUleoons apply 

• 
• 
• AC11VA~ YOUR PRE-OWNED MGER • 

• ....... ---Onc-'l'llr-.-:.iIII1.:.:..:..:mc..:.:~--=..:..d=-\Wo::.:..:..:yan-=-;, S6991oc1ud<s 1_' S<MC • • _'jUn'. 
he "(lICe metll and he 'actlVatlon fin """. "",I.rod fin 0(""""" 

YEARS FREE VOICE MAIL ON ANY ACTIVAnONI : 

PAGE]fIE • 
5597-1 CIIImnont McSIIIIvd. (In MIdIson $quire SIIoppins Center) 6191i68-9898 • 

Mor.dr( thru rI1:1.(1" ov ~:r~ ~~s~:t~:~~~~~:.O~I·l::~t~.~ ~f;:::1 ;:~:;~(~~~ ;~9"9(" ~1" heren · DIscover · I 
-------------------------

4330 La 10lla Village Dr. 
Suite 130 

San Diego, CA 92122 
Loan Consultant Give me a call. 619-969-3521 

the campus' social environment. I 
am sure that the master planners 
of UCSD had more than a few La 
Jolla residents to appease when 
they designed our sprawling cam-
pus. And I doubt that any ot' those 
residents mind that our campus is 
so quiet after 4:30. 

But although I would not argue 
with many of the authors points, I 
have also been witness to way too 
much whining rather than action. 
A lot of the events on campus are 
really well planned and would be 
even more fun if people actually 
got off their butts. I can't even 
count the number of times I have 
seen roommates, friends and 
neighbors sitting on their butts 
whining that there was nothing to 
do, while the blaring music of a 
dance or an event is heard in the 
background. 

If you would rather watch 
"Dawson's Creek" than go out 
and take advantage of this huge 
San Diego community, it is your 
own choice. La Jolla certainly 
does not cater to our social 
needs, but a lot of other commu-
nities do. And at the end of my 
five or six years here I will look 
back feeling as if I got to know a 
lot about San Diego and all it has 
to offer. 

Bethany Lockhart 

next day and invite him to some-
thing - anything. Hopefully, it 
will be something that relates to his 
interests. In this example, maybe 
they'd go to the park and play some 
ball and have a barbecue afterward. 
I got invited to go bodysurfing. 

At the next rush event, the 
rushee feels much closer to that 
small group than to anybody else 
there, so he begins to trust them. In 
fact, he also feels closer to the fra-
ternity than the other rushees who 
may not have gone out on the 
town. Suddenly the fraternity 
looks like Parliament's Mothership 
of social life and brotherhood. 
Now it may be that some guys do 
find their closest friends this way. 
However, at the same time, you 
can't help but feel that the way you 
earned those friendships was a lit-
tle shady. 

One of the main draws toward 
fraternities is the social life they 
present at a school severely lacking 
in social atmosphere. And fratemi-
ties deliver - even as a pledge you 
are introduced to hundreds of dif-
ferent people, almost all of them 
Greek. To encourage social ties, 
many of the fraternities make each 
pledge class serenade each sorority 
with a song-and-dance routine . 
Well, most of the sororities. Some 
fraternities don't go around to the 
sororities known for being a lillie 
less than, uh, reliable - but I 
digress. 

The problem with Grcek social 
life is it doesn 't allow for any real 

The Greek system is one based 
on conformity and image. As a 
test, look at a sorority girl's sweat-
shirt when it's wrapped around her 
waist. Ten bucks says it will be 
hanging so that the lellers are dis-
played from left to right. It's like 
they sat down one day and took 
notes on how to dress in the morn-
ing. Pledge brothers are encour-
aged to think of themselves not as 
individuals but as a single func-
tioning unit - a pledge class. It 's 
not to enhance brotherhood: it 's to 
make each member of a pledge 
class as close to a certain type of 
person as possible, so that they 
will resemble all the previous 
pledges. 

One ex-fraternity member of 
Phi Kappa Alpha studied in Spain 
for a year and didn ' t realize that 
fraternity life wasn' t for him until 
he returned. He promptly dropped 
out after being a member for live 
months. 

"When I got back I ~aw how 
See GREEK, Page 6 

What MeAT course 
did people who 

got into medical 
school take? 

All Others 

Call today to enroll! 

1-800-KAP-TEST 
www.kaplan.com 



6 OPINION The UCSO Guardian 

FactSet is the leading provider of online financial, market. and 
economic information. Our product is used by over 10,000 
investment professionals worldwide to research companies, 
industries, and economies. 

Information Session 
Wednesday, February 10, 1999 

The Price Center 
San Francisco Room 

7:00-9:00 

Interviews 
Thursday, February 11,1999 

Career Center 

ConSUltants - The ideal candidate is fascinated with 
computers and software and has an interest in learning about 
financial markets, Exceptional communication and 
interpersonal skills are also vital as consultants are in constant 
contact with clients worldwide. 

www.factset.com 

GREEK: 
Should be focused 
on improving self 
Co .............. ,.... 
everybody was still clinging to 
high school. We'd roam in packs, 
and I felt pressure to subvert my 
personality to whatever was 
acceptable to the group. It was like 
I had to be 'one of the guys,' but 
that meant suppressing any individ-
ual thought I might have," he said. 

As rile pride of the Greek sys-
tem, the philanthropies seem as if 
they are beneficial to the communi-
ty. However, it can be argued that 
their impact is limited. 

"Some of the philanthropies are 
very good, and others do very lit-
tle," said an active member of 
Sigma Phi Epsilon. "But it seems 
like the philanthropies aren't 
important to the Greek organiza-
tions themselves - it's all politics. 
They boost the image of the frater-
nity." 

One philanthropy was set up for 
Greeks to go to a conval~scent 
home in La Jolla and talk to senior 
citizens for a couple of hours. 
While the intentions were sweet, 
many of the participants only spoke 
to each patient for a matter of min-
utes - hardly a testament of sig-
nificance. Though, on paper it was 
listed as a successful philanthropy. 

In another example, Sigma Chi 
had an ingenious fund-raiser set up 
a couple years ago in which it sold 
the text books of other Greeks and 
donated some of the money to 
charity. But many fraternities 
refused to participate since it would 
benefit the image of Sigma Chi, not 
their own chapters. 

Monday, January II, 1999 

The business f~rnity Alpha 
Kappa Psi and the community ser-
vice fraternity Alpha Phi Omega 
are models of what a fraternity 
should be. They are co-cd and 
organized around a specific inter-
est, which attracts people who are 
serious about improving the orga-
nization and their personal lives. 

"Alpha Kappa Psi held work-
shops on improving different busi-
ness skills, such as writing 
resumes," explained Kate 
Twogood, a former member of 
Alpha Kappa Psi and current mem-
ber of Alpha Phi Omega. "Alpha 
Phi Omega does community ser-
vice because it's important for such 
a large. group of similar-minded 
students to get involved and help 
out. We have no voting policy, so 
anybody can participate. These fra-
ternities are a resource, and we are 
in them to prepare for the real 
world." 

Perhaps fraternities work at 
other universities where they have 
actual fraternity houses and the 
support of the campus. Maybe they 
just aren't for everybody. They cer-
tainly aren't for people who don't 
like gossiping, dressing alike and 
acting like every planned event is 
going to be bigger than Noah's 
Ark. 

At UCSD, fraternities are for 
insecure individuals who need to 
feel like they belong. However, 
there are better ways to belong than 
to pay for friends. Besides. if 
you're going to get involved in a 
social club, you may as well join 
one that will give you more than a 
special handshake and a couple of 
candle ceremonies. 

Send comments and Letters to 
tire Editor to guardian@ucsd.edu 

~ .. -..-- ~ ..... ..-.. 
I !T ~' 7 d • ., -, III I!:,/ 

Medical division of THE PRINCETON REVIEVI . 

!!!Due to Popular Demand, We've added MORE SECTIONSIII 

No more waiting 
lists or trying to 
bribe one of our 
employees to get in. 
But there is a catch: 
We only have a few 
spaces left! Once 
these seats are 
filled, our La Jolla 
MCAT course will not 
accept further 
enrollments. Don't 
get shut out of 
UCSD's most popular 
MCAT preparation 
program. Enroll 
today! ! ! 

In addition, movement into these new sections may free up spaces in sec-
tions that were previcusly full--Call today to check availability! 

------------ -.... 
,"A reflmda~le $145 deposit sa~", (619) 558-0500 or 1-800 MD BOUND 
I your seat In our course. Call to- J 

'~~y - before its too later __ .,' http://www.review.com 
.... - .-

---------

J 

Monday, January II, 1999 

CRIME: Police 
say fire safes are not 
f<?r theft protection 
c ............. ,..., 
ager of Revelle Bargain Books. 

Dewitt said that the books will 
not be priced differently because of 
the theft. 

"It's not a big money maker for 
us by 'any stretch of the imagination 
and we have policies that are very 
firmly in place about how our 
books are priced," she said. "I'm 
just going to have to eat [the loss.]" 

Three of these crimes occurred 
over winter break, when the popu-
lation density of the campus 
decreased significantly. 0' Dell 
said that this could contribute to the 
timing of the crimes. 

"People who commit crimes 
will commit those crimes in a man-
ner that they believe will be least 

Mit'. not ..... mone, ...... ,.. •• 
by .., .. tell of 
the ..... ...uon .1Id 
w ... w. poIIcI_ 
tIud •• v., flnnly 
....... IIbout IIow 
OIIrbooks .. 
priced. I'. J •• 
..... to ... V.to .. 
[the 1osL)" 

- Betsy DewItt 
Revelle Bargain Books Manager 

likely for them to get caught," 
O'Dell said. 

O'Dell also added that the 
crimes may have not been commit-
ted by a university affiliate or affil-
iates. 

"The disadvantages that we 

The UCSO Guardian 
I 

have is that we're right in the mid-
dle of a major metropolitan area," 
O'Dell said. "We gel not just our 
population, but the population sur-
rounding us that comes to campus 
to prey upon those people who go 
to school and work here." 

For future protection. the police 
department recommends thatlllores 
use safes specifically designed to 
prevent theft. keep safes out of 
public view, and avoid the storing 
of large amounts of cash over 
weekends and holidays. 

O'Oell said that despite 
UCSO's appearance as a crime-free 
campus, crime can happen to any-
one and anywhere. 

"We're fortunate that it does not 
happen very often here at UCSO," 
O'Dell said. "But you need to pro-
tect your property and you need to 
prolect yourself. You should be on 
your guard here, as much as you 
would be no mailer where you are." 

Cost of First Cia .. Stamp Will Increase 
MAIL: Postage will 
increase from 32 cents to 
33 cents today 
ByCWcm. 
The Post (Ohio U.) 

All those lucky peMies students 
have found heads up on the side-
walk now have a useful purpose. 

Slarting today, students can 
expect to pay an extra penny for a 
first class stamp. The price to send 
first class mail will increase from 
32 cents to 33 cents. 

The post office is selling f cent 
stamps to make up the difference in 
rates. The new 33 cent stamp went 

on sale Wednesday, said Marilyn 
Thorbahn, the spokesperson for the 
U.S. POSI Office in Columbus. 

H stamps have been available 
since November. These are stamps 
printed when the postal service 
decides it needs to increase rates 
but does not yet know what the 
new rate will cost. 

This is the first rate increase in 
the past four years when the price 
of a first class stamp increased 
from 29 cents to 32 cents. 

"The four years have been the 
longest time in history without an 
increase," Athens Postmaster. 
Calvin Culler said. 

While the price of the first 

Study Abroadl 
Think About It! 

ounce of a first class leiter is 
increasing one cent, the price of the 
second ounce is decreasing by a 
cent, Culler said. 

'The increase will allow the 
postal service to remain competi-
tive," he said. 

The postal service has many 
costs other than those for the deliv-
ery of mail, such as the upkeep of 
facilities, new vehicles and equip-
ment used for sorting mail. CUller 
said. 

Thorbahn said the post office is 
like any other business. 

"We have facilities to build," 
she said. "We do not have any tax 
subsidy whatsoever." 

The UC Education Abroad Program (EAP) and the UCSD 
Opportunities Abroad Program (OAP) offer mm. wmi. ~ and 

Internship opportunities In Africa, Asia, canada, Latin America, 
. OCeania, and Western Europe. SOme Application Deadlines are SOON! 

• Earn Academic Credit 
• Financial Aid Available 
• Many Scholarships 

~SlUDlES 
ES 106 

NEWS 7 

ETHNO-RACIAL TRANS.fQRMATION 
IN THE "UNITED STATES 

Prof. Paule Cruz-Takash 
T-TH 2:20-3:40pm WlH 2112 . Coun. Cod. 336369 

By the mid 1980s, many cities in the U.S. that once had had the majority 
"while" popUlations had become home Ie subsrantia1 "umbeo of non-European, 
non-English speaking immigrant peoples, creating in some cases, "majority-
minority" communities. In this course, we exo"line the growth of ethnic and 
racialized minority populations in the United Slates and the structural forces 
(ecDllomic restructuring, immigration, natural inrcreosel contributing to these 
~hjc changes. Emphasis is pktced on how ethnic and raciol relations 
are1,eing renegotiated socially and politically in the context of the changing 

..:- multiracial, multicultural communily. 

PERSONALS on the Guardian Classifieds Page 
are now FREE 

20 words or less. Fiff out a form in the Guardian office, upstairs in the Student 
Center. Through Winter Quarter! 

For more Information call 534-1123, or abroad.ucsd.edu 
IDa PI ...... Abroad DnIa! l1li UbnIry W •• 

_l1li WIll SIll: http//WOIIItIlUCSd.edU/data/CIIIIIIUS/studentS/lntlmatlDnal/IIItD.IItmI 
Stop by the Jostens Ring Table at the 

Vendor Fair and save! Jan. 11-15, Library Walk. 

$30 off 10k, $80 off 14k, $200 off 18k. 



8 CALENDAR The UCSD Guardian Monday, January II, 1999 

FINE MUS 
Thursday, January 14th 

• 8 p.m. Mandellilte Center Recital ...... ~ .... 
cIIII: V1IneIsa TornIinIon. DMA 1IUdent. perform. rKaIt 
works fOl solo percUllion. 15'$3. 

Monday, ... ,n ...... 

ACADEMIC 
VVednesda~January13th 

• 7 p.m. International Center Lounge. Want to travet to far 
oK places. experience different culture • • and earn UC credit 
IOf it? Find out how at the EAPIOAP general inform8tIon 
.... Ion. 

OngoIng 
• Wher. will you be In the y_ 2ooo? The Programs 
Abroad Office oilers ongoing advising IOf students Interested 
in studying abroad. Come visit our ollice in tha International 
Center or call 534-1123 to make an appointment. 

111 ::\1 T I l,:;'-I I·IT I:SS 
Tuesday, January 12th 

• t2-1 p.m. Gallery B. Price Center. Studanl.--.,".~,", 
caIe ... ~ultlng new membe<.1 This is a dynamic 
gram with hands·on clinical experience In heahh care 
health education lor students. Students must attend this 
session or ONE 01 the loll owing Orientation sessions at the 
Davis/Aiverside Room. Price Center: Jan. 13th 12-1 p.m .• 
Jan. 13th 5·6 p.m., or Jan. 14th 5-6 p.m. 

Ongoing 
• individual Flln ••• A ... llmenl· at RIMAC every Mon & 
Wed, 5-8pm. Walk in to the Well ness Room, 2nd lloor. A 
FREE studenl service provided by Student Health Advo· 
catesl Call 534·241 9 tor more inlol 
• HEADACHES III Who needs 'em? Vlsi! the Headache 
Clinic at Student Health and get helpl No charge to regis· 
tered students. Call 534·8089 lor your appointment. 
• Studenl Heehh IS here lor YOUI We're a lull service cliniC 
open to ALL registered students. You don't need health In· 
surance to use our servlceal Intments lor physlclan 
VISits and specialty ClinICS' 9. Walk in to Urgent 
Care weekdays Bam-4:30 9-4:3Opm) 
• Emergency Conlraceplion, nual exams, STD tests. 
pregnancy tests, birth control prescriptions. & health edu· 
cation· all at Women's CliniC. Student Health. Call 534-
8089 lor appt. Complet.ly confidential - alwaysl 
• Annonymou. HIV t •• tlng at Student Health ! Walk in to 
sign up at the Health Annex. ilrst 1I00r. $1 0 charge includes 
pre· and post·counseling. Ouestlons? Ca ll a health educa· 
tor at 534-2419. 
• Free Chole.terol T •• tlng at Student Health · sign up at 
the lirst lloor bulletin board IOf your appointment. 
• Don'1 Go in the Ocun! At least nOI until you've had your 
HepatHis A shOls! 11 you surt or sWim In Ihe ocean, consider 
immunizations 10 prolect your heahh. Two shots · 6 months 
apart · $60 each. Walk in to Student Health M·F 8- flam; 
Wed. 9- 11am. 
• Student Health Advocate provide Peer Education Pro-
gtIIIII. on Nutntion, HIV, Fitness, Stress & other topics· at 
your res hall or student Ofg meetingsl Call 534·2419 lor inlo 
on these FREE programsl 
• Low eo .. Pharmacy· Over·tha-counter items (cold medi· 
cines. antacids, bandaids. vitamins, skin care products, sun· 
screen, contraceptive products. contact lens products. etc.) 
all at discount prices! Located in the lirst lloor 01 Student 
Health. Open M·F Bam-4:3Opm. Wed. 9am-4:3Opm. 
• CPR and Flr.t Aid Cta .... at Student Healthl Classes 
held at Student Health · taught by Amencan Red Cross· 
certilied Instructors. Take Community CPR. Standard First 
Aid (wHh Relerence Book) • all lor $25.001 Sign up soon · 
classes lill up quickly! Come to 2nd floor 01 Student Health 
Center. or e·mail pgrillo@ucsd.edu to sign up. 
• FREE NutrItIon Counaallng at Student Heahhl Make your 

a~intment todayl Call 534-8089. 
• Need CONDOMS???? Get 'em 
Health Pharmacy. 
• Get PubIIahedl Health Beat is a 
cuslng on health issues. Additional 
Articles are now being accepted • e·mail the edhor at 
haalthbeat.ucsd.edu 
• A~ is a lour letter word! Cure ~ at Student Health. 
CIII 534-8089 and make an appointment at the Derm Clinic! 

HELP WANTED 

• 5:30 p.m. PrIce Center BertIIIey Room. TIle JoumIII.-
Club will hold ill tnt meeting of 1999. Everyone is wel-
come to attend. For more information .·mall : 
journeliam.ucad.edu or vi.h hnp:lI.dccI3.ucld.edui 
-rtolaon on the Internet. 
• 7 p.m. Student Center Am. 2. AuKIIIIed IItucIanta Ex· 
ecutIve c:on.n.. on PIrtdng end Tr8napoltlllon !a-
._. Come help us solve the parking problems on cam-
pus. Bring yoursetl. a frlend. lnd your thoughts on partUng! 
• 7 p.m. Prica Canter Gallery B. A/pIIe Phi Omega Co-Ed 
N8t1_1 Service Fretemlty Info Night. 

VVednesday, January 13th 

• 3155 Literature Building. 
"Looking Awry.t , ... : Roo .. veII. ~I. Montejo." a 
public lecture by Jose David Saldivar. Department 01 EthnIC 
Studies, UC Berkeley. ProlessOf Saldivar Is an internation· 
ally known specialist on American, Latino and Latin Ameri· 
can. an Caribbean literature and culture. Sponsored by the 
Department 01 Literature. 

SI :RVICI :S (0..: WORKSHOPS 
Monday, January 11th 

• 3 p.m. Career Services Center. C- OptIon. for Ply· 
chotogy Major.: Don't miss this Inlormative sessionl 534-
3750. 

Tuesday, January 12th 
• 11 a.m.' f p.m. Career Services Cantar Job interviewing: 
Are You Prepared: Whether you're applying lor a part·time 
or lull· time position. your job interview could make or break 
an employer's decision to hire you. Practice ans-'ng in· 
tervlew questions on video 10 improve your intetvlewing skills 
and build confidence. Sign up in advance. 534-3750. 
• 1-2:30 p.m. 242 Social Sciences Bldg. lien'. Group. This 
group lor upper division and graduate students wiN discuss 
interpersonal ralationship challenges Including maintaining 
independence In close relationships w~h women, anger 
control and guih. Also. friendship with other men and reIa· 
tionship with OIl8seH will be topics. Led by Ron Lane. 534-
0250. and Jell NaHn 534-1725. Tuesdays 1-2:30 p.m.Call 
Ron or Jell to sign up. 
• 2:30 p.m. Career Services Canter. interviewing for Pro-
fHaIoneI School AdmI .. Ion: II you're applying to health, 
mental health. education. business and other prolessional 
school programs, don't miss this sesslonl Learn what 
schools look for In applicants. what to expect lor the Inter· 
view and how to prepare. 534-4839. 
• 3-4: 1 Sp.m. Thurgood MarsilaN Admlnlltratton Buitding. 
....... BIuea: CognIIIw and ......,.. 1liiie to 
IIIIprow Your 1IaocI: A c:ognIUve/behavai 8 .. work· 
shop deIigned tIllIIICh IkIIIa to ~ mood. SpecifIc sIdIs 
taught include: increulng pleasant actIvItiea. rataxation. 
combeting negative ... ·talk, and IOCIII sIdIs. Led by Jerry 

~. 822-2614 .nd ChrIatie Fulwnaga. 534·5989. Tues-

SEEKING 
COMPUTER ASSISTANT 

PART TIME POSITION: (15 hrs/wk during the school year, -40 
hrs/wk during the summer) as a computer assistant for a dynamic 
research group. The pay rate is $15.OOIhr. 
YOUR END OF THE DEAL: Assist with computer support to 
members of the Wilson group, including installation, training and 
troubleshooting. You MUST be proficient with Macintosh and 
Windows as, and familiar with networking software and UNIX as. 
OUR END OF THE DEAL: We promise to provide you with an 
active, stimulating, friendly work environment. 

For more information, visit our website 
http://www-wllson.ucsd.edu 

(Career Services Job No. 916126) 

d1y13-4:1Sp.m. Cell Jerry 01 CllllllllIor IrIIDrmdon 0110 
"'" up. 
• 3:»5:00 p.m. 242 Soc:III ScIence BuIldIng. AM CIllo 
.... of AIocIIIoIIo8 EdIt' ... a ............ ThIa II 
• ~ educdonaI group lor ..... who ... 10 
upIcn how ~ up .. III eIcahoIIc IJIIIIn till aI· 
IIc:IId 1heIr aduII a-. Topica to be CCMIId InducIe ~ 
dynImIca and raIN. tIIIII1y I1IIIIIoIIlhipa and -..:y ..... 
aIIaIm. and aIcohoIIIm. l8d ~ EmIly McGIdI and A1co-
hol and SubICInce .... CounIeIorI. TuaIdIIya 3:3Hp.m. 
Cal Emily at 534-51181 lor Inbmallon 0110 Iign up. 

Wed"..." Jlinuery 13th 
• 12-1 p.m. Women'. Center. 407 UnlYeraI1y Center. 
...... Iupport aro.. Thia woup wII oller • torum 
lor perenlllO get together • ...,. and 111m from .ell other 
u we nevigllI togethIr the delightful and w-t not 10 pIIc:id 
wa ... 01 parenIhood. Led ~ Reina Juarez. 534-31175. H-'d 
WedrMisd.yaI2.,p.m.CIII Reina lor Informallon and to I9t 
up lor the group. 

l"glaouatft 01 all academic majors who com· 
mH years to teach in America's most under·resourced 
urban and rural public schools .. For more Inlo ca" 1-800-
832-1230 or visit www.teachloramerica.Ofg. Applications 
available at Volunteer Connection on the 2nd Floor 01 Price 
Center or call 534-1414. 1st application deadline Jan. 11th. 
2nd application deadtlne Feb. 22nd. 

Thursday, January 14th 
• 2:30-4 p.m. Career Services Center. kIIntIty Your C. 
r_ In Technology' Phy.1c8I &clencea: Need help 
choosing a career? Attend this workshop to get Into on spe-
cific occupations including: WebmaSler. software engi,-. 
technical writer. actuary. technical sales rep .• systems ana· 
Iyst and morel 534-3750. 
• ~ p.m. Price Cenler Gallery B. I "~II"oIp .......,: 
PNparIng for 0,..,... and Po 0""""'" 8cNoI. A .,."i· 
nar on graduate and professional education and how to poe-
pare. how to apply and how to be successlul in gaining ad-
mission. Sponsored by Student Organizations and Leader· 
ship OpportunHles. For more Info caP 534-0501 . 
• 3:30-4:45 p.m. 242 Social ScIences Bldg. Adul Chllchn 
01 AIcohoIIc:a Advanced nw.py Group: This is a therapy 
group lor students who have gown up In a lamlly with alco-
hol abuse and want to work through personal issues. Prior 
Individual therapy or group therapy is recommended. Led 
by Emily McGrath and Jeanne Manesa. Thursdays 3:30-
U5 p.m. Can Emily. 534-5981 for a fl'81II'oup appointment. 
• 4 p.m. Career ServIces Center. eer.r 0ptI0na tor LIt. 
MIIn Majoq: Don't miss this important presentation! 
534·3750. 

Friday, Januery 15th 
·1t :30a.m.·1 p.m.ear_ServlcelCenter. JobFalrr-
Up: Don't know how to prepare for job tan? Feel over· 
whelmed at job lairs? DoN yoIM' resume need an overhaul? 
Sounds like your job lair sIdIs need a tune-up. Anand this 
workshop to get tips on how to make the 111011 of your time 

II UC8O'1 MuIIcuIUII Jab FIi' (1121). 534-3750. 
• 12-1:30 p.m. en. CIAnI c..r. 510 UnI\IIrIIIy Cell-
.... AllIn ...... CD UIIIly ,.,..: ThIa InIonnII 

dnIp-InWOUPlldlllgnldto~"'_oIA*N 
PKIIc 11iIndar ......... UC80 In llUIIPOfIve andpnlb-
......1OMng~. 1_lUdIu_Ind_· 
dImk: _.1ImIIy ~ cuIturIIldantIty.1nd rill· 
tIonIIIIpI .. poaIIIIItapcs. Fill .. to IImg your lunchl 
MellI Flidlya 12-1:30 p.m. lAd by John ~. 534-1571 and 
CIIIIIIII FuIuIIgI. 534-5888. 
• 12-1:30 p.m. 242 SocIII ScIence BuildIng. ...... ~ 
Gal To Do ....... Do Iny 01 ... queItIona IOUnd IImI-
.,., Why II 110 hInI for me to get Into a rIIItIonIhIp? Am 
t getting too iIIvIIMd too quIcIdy? Why 18 M 10 hMllO truat 
hIm/har? Am I ~1Ing"''''' cIeIWc:tIv. patIamIln a 
reIIIIonIhIp agIIn? Tjeea and many other tapcs are ell-
cuaaed In .. coed group lor gqdI and~. Led 

~ UndI Young. 534·3887. Fridlyal2-1:30 p.m. StudantI 
IhouId cd UndI to Iign up. 
• 2-4p.m. Hal Dome Lounge. MI* College. AIooIIoI and 
8ubatancIe Abu. Support Group: If you _ have_ 
alked yourMIf. '00 I have a problem willi ....... T. \hen 
perhaps you .re ready to explore the respollle. l8d by 
Dan Munoz. 534-{l251 and Jerry PheIpe. 822·2814. Cell DIn 
or Jerry for Informallon. Meats Fridlya 2-4 p.m. 
• 4:30-6 p.m. Croaa Cultural Center. 510 Um.r.Ity Center. 
Cempua BlIck Fonn: C8qM BIIIck Forum II an Infor· 
mel gathering where we invite open dIIcuaaIon and 811-
change Ideas. QU8IIiona. and conc:ams on any topic ret-
evant to the lives Ind ~ 1et!C81 01 people 01 African de-
scent. It II • place lor us to connect with other atudents. 
(grad and undergred) 118ft and fecuIty at UCSD In a casual. 

. Led by Unda Young. 
lor Information. 

at www-csc.UCId.edu:Access 
thousands 01 job listings on the Career Services Center's 
ilomepIge (www-csc.UCId.edu) at Inytime on any Internet· 
connected computer1 Sign up today for On-Ca~s Inter· 
views or apply lor work·study jobs. luI-time Of part·time jobs. 
internships. career positions. and co-ops. FOI more infor· 
mation caN 534-4472. 
• Int..ated In GraduMI 01 ProIenIonII School? Vid· 
eos. catalogs. and directories on various programs are avaU· 
able at the Career Services Center. Pick up information 
sheets on preparing lor admissions tests. applying for fel· 

~. obtaining reference letters and writing personal 
statements. FOI more Info. chack out www-cac.UCId.edu 
Of cal 534-4939. 
·eer.rAd¥lalngtor ~end~1tu­
dante: Let expert career edviaors .t the ear- ServIcea 
CanIer help you identIIy '*-~ .... rneIch your 
goals, Int_ and aIcIIIs. Get your resume critiqued. ex· 
ptore potential carErS. leam how to net'MlIk and obtain 
valuable career Information. Drop-ins: M·F 1 :30-4pm. 
Morning appts. avallabte. Call 534-3750. For more inlo. 
www-cac.UCId.edu. 

EVENTS & RI :CREATION 
Sunday, Januery 17th 

'11 a.m.·1 p.m. (mural) 2'3:15 p.m. (video) 7 p.m. (recap-
tion)B1rchAquarIum .. ~.AnE ....... Wytand. 
Meet WyIInd. Internationally known marine lie Irtllt. ph0-
tographer. and writer. Kids can help bring 10 lie an 8)(24 
loot mural of a life-size baby gray whale and Its ocean 
friends. At 2 p.m. the artis1 wIIIlnlrOduce lila r.w video 101-
lowed by a questionl __ MSSIon. AI 1IgIII. Fnea with 
Iquarlum edmiIsIon. At 7p.m. enjoy !he artIIt'. llultrated 
presentallon of the WyIInd Ocean ChaIenge. his program 
lor c:hIIdrW1lO .... concern lor till marina environment 
through the arts. Enjoy hOta d;08VrIII ....... and a 
no-hoIt blr. Members free. gueI1I admItIed with ~ or 
paid admiIaton. RSVP for recaption to 534-5873. 

The Guardian welcomes photo and illustrations (when space allovvs) 
that we can feature on the Weekly Calendar page. Submissions must 
be in the Guardian office (upstairs in the Student Center, mail code 
0316) by 3 pm on Thursday for consideration. 

Undergrads majoring in the 
Bioi ' ical Sciences? 

a Job? 
street 

r Lab 
Assistants! Check out our web site to view current 
openings and visit our HR office to apply today! 

_.salk 
The 

10010 N. Torrey 

We nS"'11!1 

Monday, January II, 1999 The UCSD Guardian 

F ACE 

Eric Nathan Peterson 
Birthday: February 9, 1970 
Matta: ''There are no completely hard and fast rules. II 
Graduate Studi_ Program: Philosophy 

For some, traditional gender roles are too 
constricting. Eric Peterson subverts restrictive 

heterosexist expectations by challenging ideas 
regarding behavior and appearance. 

ric Peterson is 
a person 
whose ideals 
and lifestyle 
challenge het· 
eronormative 
gender roles. 

A fourth-year graduate student 
and vegan who rAs for Dimen· 
sions of Culture. Peterson moved 
to California in 1995 from Min· 
neapolis, MN. where slhe allend· 
ed the University of Millnesota. 
Interested in queer studies. lVith a 
cllltural studies approach. Peter· 
son began cross·dressing in 1996 
and outed hirself as a "transgell' 
der butch " ill 1997. Slhe recelltly 
decided to SlOp taking hormones 
that were creating a more "mas· 
culine appearance. 

"I am half Jewish, and I was 
not raised Jewish. This is what 
caused the rift in my family a 
while. I don't have any extended 
family because my mother mar· 
ried a non·Jew. , didn ' t want to 
have that much connection with 
that culture growing up. Not that I 
want to become Jewish in tenns 
of a religion, but I really want to 
get in contact with my roots. So 
right now I'm taking Hebrew on 
the side. I'd really like to learn a 
lot about Judaism and get a little 
bit more educated." 

Hobbl •• : "Off and on, 
weight lifting is a hobby. I've 
been interested in learning about 
electronics, circuits and stuff like 
that. On and off again, horseback 
riding." 

a....: "After' graduate, I 
would like to continue teaching 
because that is another way of 
making scholarship relevant to 
people. , would like to do 
research that actually relates 
philosophical issues to current, 

.• political, social movementS. 
"A huge goal of mine is trying 

to change people's ideas about 
gender. I'm really, really passio~. 
ate about that because I just feel 
so screwed over. I really want to 
be an activist. It's a really big part 
of my life. 

CIIIIIe: Lesbian. Gay, Bisexu-
al, Transgender Association 
(LGBTA) member, previous 
member of chancellor's advisory 
committee, LGBTA peer coun-
selor, affiliated with Transaction, 
a political group fighting for 
rights for transgender people. 

P.t .... v.: "Imperialism 
about your own sexual views -
where people will totally dismiss 

FEATIJRES 9 

other ideas. , really wish that peo· 
pIe would bow down to other 
gods, at least recognize that other 
people can reasonably disagree. 
Don' t demonize people that dis· 
agree with you." 
WIuIt .. ,our 1IwoIY ...... In 
_TA ...... ., 

'" am one of the organizers of 
the strike. I said I like activism. 
But to be honest with you, I, 
never in a million years, Ihoughtl 
was going to be a huge activist. 
Don' t get me wrong, it has its fun 
moments and I really enjoy the 
interaction with the people and 
Ihe bonding. Because whenever 
you go through a painful experi · 
ence it always brings you closer 
together. Actually, in and of itself, 
I really don 't like it or enjoy it. I 
initially got involved in the strike 
because I couldn ' t cross Ihe pick. 
et line. And I need to be in control 
of any situation I'm in. I can ' t be 
on the margins of anything. I need 
to be a leader, or I won 't be there 
at all. I need 10 be there in the 
center. or else' can ' t do it. I'm 
just a dominating type. Basically 
what happened is I gOI involved 
in the union marginally and that 
was really uncomfortable, so I 
needed to really get involved. So, 
I ended up as an organizer. I'm 
not a TA that will sit on the side· 
lines." 
How ......,.c.t I. tile elf· 
ference In tile w., peopI. 
..... celv. ,011 .a.1." 

"Very significant. One of the 
things that has been really inter· 
esting for me is how I've become 
way more pissed off about sexism 
ever since' transitioned. Before' 
I.ransitioned, most of my energy 
was going into keeping up the 
fa~ade. Sure I believed in femi· 
nism, but I wasn't really a femi-
nist. Once I came out, I became a 
(Hired·ass) 'hard-ass feminist. I 
realized what the whole gender 
system is about. It's constructing 
two genders and making men 
superior to women. That in itself 
is a disgusting thing - then the 
idea that you are just arbitrarily 
assigned to which one you should 
be, based on your body type. 

. Then actually gelling to experi-
ence life as a male. A lot of peo· 
pie don't know I'm female. 'just 
noticed that there's kind of like a 
club that you 're not a part of 
when you're a woman. I got treat-
ed a lot differently. I was kind of 
an attractive woman and' people 

See PIlIIISON, Page 11. 

STORY BY MARc GOMER, SENIOR STAFF WRITER 

.. 



10 FEATURES 

ARENA 
How do you feel about the 
outcome of the TA strike? 
Interviews and 
Photography by Kim Danle.s 

"The agreement was good 
because it saved finals but 
the situation still seems to 
be unresolved. The TAs do 
deserve to be recognized 
because they do more 
work." 

Colin GrIswold 
Marshall Sophmore 

"I will not be satisfied until 
long term results in favor 
of the TAs are produced 
for the students and 
university." 

Michelle Mag&long 
Marshall Junior 

"\ felt that it was handled 
in a very immature way. 1 
wrole a Pulitzer prize 
winning paper for a class 
and aliI got was a 'P'. 
The strike just caused too 
much stress for me. I felt 
like I was jumping through 
fire hoops and getting 
burned." 

'.'The public seems 'to be 
misinformed about the 
short-term outcome of the 
strike. I think it's a covert 
operation on the part of the 
UC Regents to play with 
the heads of the TAs." 

Heidi Saman 
Roosevelt Sophomore 

"I just hope that they 
resolve the issue so that 
we don't have to go 
through the same thing in 
a quarter or a year. I also 
think that the TAs do 
deserve to be recognized 
as a union." 

..... m8eck 
Roosevelt Senior 

The UCSD Guardian Monday. January II. 1999 

CROSSWORD By ~r Fontaine 

Acrou 
1 Aaccid 
5 Outfit 
10 Corday's victim 
15 Nora's pooch 
19 Gobi's continent 
20 Astrologer Sydney 
21 BlIlIplayer Jerry 
22 Glum drop? 
23 "79 _" (Robbins novel) 
25 "_ 451" (Bradbury 

novel) 
27 Glorifiers 
28 Disfigures 
30 Tasteful 
31 Nimble 
32 Director Forman 
33 "The Man" of baseball 
34 Eavesdrop 
37 Luxury car maker 
38 Tangible 
42 Nile dam 
43 Naughty • 
44 "60 _" (TV news show) 
46 Union letters in Mich. 
47 Lament loudly 
48 Sages 
49 Galena and cuprite 
50 End of cigar? 
51 Afore 
52 "3 _" (B.B. King song) 
56 Evaluator 
57 Unanticipating delays 
59 Goddess of peace 
60 Dissuades 
61 "Bad, Bad _ Brown " 
62 Police blotter entry 
63 Iron clothes? 
64 Yankee lefty Ford 
66 People with upturned 

noses? 

67 Quantity of medicine 
70 Despised 
71 "77 _" (,60s TV drama) 
73 Eisenhower 
74 Meal scraps 
75 Land of llamas 
76 _ back (relaxed) 
77 Jump 
78 Choice: abbr. 
79 "16 _" (hit by The 

Crests) 
82 Popeye's Olive 
83 Rhythmic throb 
84 Green beryls 
86 George Bernard and 

Robert 
88 Baby sitter 
89 Mimics 
90 Uses a stilletto 
91 Polynesian dance 
92 Band for identification 
95 Military dress hat 
96 Despot 
100 "21 _" (TV police 

drama) 
102 "101_" (Disney film) 
104 Yiddish writer Sholem _ 
105 Spooky 
106 _ John and Bernie Taupin 
107 Sicilian volcano 
108 Warren Beatty film 
109 Wets thoroughly 
110 Active pastime 
111 Clairvoyant 

Down 
1 Reindeer herdsman 
2 Munich's river 
3 Actress Sorvino 
4 Neighbor of Iran 
5 Keep under control 

IT·IIIt·~~~&, 

6 Coarse variety of corun-
dum 

7 Brown shades 
8 S. Amer. nation 
9 Blend beforehand 
10 Italian gangsters 
11 Second president 
12 Arena cheers 
13 Jordan's nickname 
14 Bridge supports 
15 Goddess of wisdom 
16 Appear 
17 Shadow 
18 Bohemian 
24 Quaking tree 
26 Lowest levels of high 

tide 
29 College grad, casually 
32 Field doc 
33 Fills completely 
34 Bodies of water 
35 Val d'_, France 
36 "_ 16" (Jerry Lee Lewis 

tune) 
37 Capital of Nigeria 
38 use a blender 
39 "_ 8" (Liz Taylor film) 
40 Some time after 
41 Pitchers 
43 Contrary 
45 Parts of speech 
48 The real_ 
50 Cyrus, the financier 
52 Equipped with paddles 
53 Metric weights 
54 Illegal contribution 
55 Minimum 
56 Swab twice 
58 French beasts 
60 Artoo Detoo, e.g. 
62 Invalidate 
63 Month in Paris? 
64 • _ Life Is It, Anyway?" 
65 Sheik's women 
66 Pariah 
71 Transmits 
72 Brakes 
75 Color ranges of artists 
77 Wildly foolish acts 
79 Fear and Cod 
80 Landed properties 
81 Bard of Avon: abbr. 
83 Ayer 
85 Nader and others 
87 Homes 
88 "Teenage _ Ninja Tur-

tles" 
90 Valentino role 
91 Wit 
92 Partly open 
93 Subterfuge 
94 C times XXIV 
95 Inoculators 
96 Palo _, CA 
97 Evaluate 
98 of Cleves 
99 Former Russian ruler 
101 Old-time motorcar 
103 High mountain 

All Campl!~ _ a...';'-.-
tournament"a1 c.apua"" s' :\., 

ClDa ~ ...... _ will .... ___ tID .. 

the MIND! '. wi e ", ...... 
• .t;gn up at your eoDeg-e deaD-. o~fteeI 

TOLJArl""",mLf J r 0..-. T f S. TimE S. ArJL' Ll)l A T I LII" ~ 

...... ............ zt.a J:ee_ ..... ,. ........ 
•• r. b • .......... a.. J:ee_ •.. _ .... I. 
.... .......... a.. J:ee_ ••• 11.1.-.-......... , 
........ ............. z-. ,..- •••• r • 

.---........ • ...... S .. _a. ,..- ....... 
___ 1iIIIIIIO 

. . . ~ ......... .. . . ............... ................ .......... , .. , .. .. . .. , ...... 

Monday. January II. 1999 The UCSD Guardian FEATURES II 

the style of your hair, the way you walk. your PEIERSON: 
'Passing' as a man isn't 
what slhe wants 

gestures and your clothing and stuff like that. 'i;iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiijiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiil 
I have been on hormones since the summer of II 

c •• ,. ., .... __ • 
would harass me. A lot. I really had to WoB 
hard to make up some kind of fllltade so that 
people wouldn't harass me. Whereas as a 
male, you walk around and people don't real-
ly pay attention to you. I get really pissed off 
aboutil. 

"Actually, I'm not tranlitioning any more. 
I'm gelling off hormones. I want my appear-
ance to be more ambiguous so that I can be 
seen as a female at least some of the time, pre-
cisely because I'm just so uncomfortable with 
the whole idea of becoming a man - even 
though I feel more comfortable literally (as a 
man). 
...... ,.. .................. , 

"Honestly, I can't give you a good answer 
to that because almost nobody doesn't ·know 
who I am. Almost nobody, that I actually deal 
with, doesn't know that I'm tran. I come out in 
academic conference all the time. Recently, an 
interesting thing happened. I was in a talk, and 
a comment I made was perceived as more 
nai've than it actually was, because she thought 
I was a stupid, straight, white male. And thai 
was really, really depressing, but also under-
standable. It shows that language is not always 
interpreted the same way.l1lere is always con-
text. I think that there is a way in which gen-
der structures classroom dynamics. I've real-
ized that women have to act like men in order 
to get the attention that men gel. There is a cul-
turally and even 'white' way of speaking and 
being to be taken seriously in academia. That 
is an upper-middle class, white male (way}, 
You have to adapt or you sink." 
__ .... ..., did,.. decide ..... 
,. ....... to ....... ....,..." 

"I started cross-dressing in 1996. By the 
end of the summerthat year, even without tak-
ing hormones, I was able to pass las a man] 80 
to 90 percent of the time. It's a lot to do with 

1997.1 have been tapering off now for sever-
al months. I wanted to try the hormones to see 
if that alleviated my gender dysphoria. I want-
ed to get cenain effects. I wanted a deeper 
voice and some masculization of the face. 
Now, I've decided to get off the hormones and 
see if I can't get somewhere in the middle. 
I've learned a little about gender in general, 
and my gender and who I am, which is iden-
tified as transgender butch. The difficulty for 
me is trading off between my own intemal 
comfon with my body and my feeling that I 
want to be visible as who I am, a butch, -
which is hard to do when everyone thinks 
you're a straight, white guy. That's why I keep 
changing around, playing with clothing. I've 
been trying to dress more like a lesbian since 
I 've been under hormones because I'm trYing 
really hard to get people to notice, and it does-
n't really work." 
................. to,..., 
........ ' 

"I've had no operation. My clitoris has 
grown, because of the hormones, to a couple 
of inches. I've never had plans for surgery, 
I've never been tempted by surgery." 
Do,. ..... .., ............... 
......... , 

"When I was 21, I had my tubes tied very 
deliberately, even though I knew that I might 
want to raise children. I wasn't quite aware of 
why I was doing that at the time, because .he 
idea of having children is not very consonaht 
with my own acceptance of myself ... I accept 
myself as male, so it doesn't really fit." 
WIIII1 ...... ..t dlfllclllt ...... 
......................... 

"The most difficult thing is having very 
few people relate to me as I understand 
myself. Therefore, (the most difficult thing is) 
feeling very lonely and misunderstood most 
of the time. I know transgender people will 
shoot me down for saying that. I don 't want to 

See NlmIION, Page 12 

The Last Ever Paper 
and Pencil GRE test is 
scheduled for April 10-

will you be prepared? 

Come take a FREE 
Practice GRE (right 

here on the UCSD 
campus) and find out!. 

Saturday, January 16th 
9 am-12:30 pl11 

Space is limited. so cal1 us toctayfoY' mOY'e details 
and to y-eserve your spot! 

THE 
PRINCETON 
REVIEW 

619-558-0500 
or 

1-S00-2-REVIEW ~ CALL-FOR-TIX .'8-Z20-TIXS 
--.C_ .... Tower Recordl • Robinlonl·May • Cal SIo"l • The Wh,rehoul' • Tu Muaica 

Ticketl , complet, info allo available at www.billlilvap .. l.ntl.com 
PRODUCED BV BILL SILVA PRESENTS 



12 FEATURES 

The Catholic Community at UCSD 
invites 

YOU 
to 

Thursday Night 
Dinner 

When: 6PM, every Thursday through exam week 

Where: the Catholi( Lounge, 
at 

University Lutheran Church 
(SW corner of La Jolla Shores Dr & N. Torrey Pines Rd) 

Cost: $2 for all-you-can-eat 
A greDt woy to meet new lois IIIId enjoy 

goodlootl- • 
Come, join us, lind hring II friend I 

is looking for 
General Office/Clerical 

INTERNSe 
CALL 53'-3535 

The UCSD Guardian 

PETERSON: 
Sexuality affects 
other's perceptions 
ContInued fro. .... 11 
make this seem like a tragic thing. 
It·s just. more or less. because 
we're such a minority. people 
aren't aware that we exist. And we 
actually live in much greater num-
bers than they think we do. So. 
people are constantly making false 
assumptions about me. no mailer 
what I look like. No mailer if! look 
more female or more male. it does-
n't mailer; people are always 
wrong about [who] I am. TIle two 
big gender structures so much of 
our thinking that I fall through the 
cracks. Either way. it's inappropri-
ate in a lot of ways." 
........... ~,..--
....., ...... ...... 
....., ..... " 

"You get insights into the work-
ings of gender that most people 
aren't privy to. Particularly because 
you don't take [genderJ as given. 
Like. I can be an excellent feminine 

_. woman. I know how to behave to 
get people to address me that way. 
And I know how to be a masculine 
guy. I've been treated as both. and 
other things. too. My partner is a 
female to male transsexual. and he 
comes out to society as a gay boy. 
There are clueless people that even 
think he's straight. He laughs. He 
gets the picture of what it is to be a 
guy. We have a kind of understand-
ing about gender that other people 
don·t." 
Who ................ 
Influence In Jour life? 

"My dad. He carefully and qui-
etly over the years pushed Zen 
Buddhism on me. It really. really 
~haped Ihe way I thought. 11\ 
amazing how much influcnt:e thai 
had on mc. And also my mol her. 
She rejected Judaism. To spile 
God. she decided not to helieve in 
God around the time of the Holo-
caust. My parents are older. my 
mother was born in '29 and my dad 
was born in '27. So my mom 
rememhers the Holocaust, whcn 
most or our family got destroyed. 
I Because of this,J I really, really 
helieve, in every part of my being, 
that the worst things possihle can 
happen. So I don 't have the kind of 
confidence that a lot of people 
around me have about how good 
things arc. Finally, there have heen 

a number of figures that have real-
ly helped me out. One at school is 
Judith Halberstam. Here is one per-
son who can identify with me and 
is an academic model for me. A 
few other intluences are people 
online. The way I connect with 
people like me is in online commu-
nities. because there are so few 
people like me ... That's literally 
how I socialize. It·s a huge thing 
for me." 
WINd w .. 1d JOtI ..... 
...... UCSD1 

"The reason I'm a union orga-
nizer goes to a deeper level. UCSD 
is a very top-down hierarchy. A few 
people at the top decide everything. 
TIleir reasons for deciding things 
may not retlect the interests of the 
people on the ground. So. I guess 
what I would change is that UCSD 
would be much more democratic. 
I'd like student government to have 
more power. I'd like students to be 
able to choose their own graduation 
speaker. I'd like statT people to be 
able to make decisions about their 
places. and have a lot more say in 
what's going on on campus. It 
would be great if the people on the 
ground could decide how the 
money is going to be spent and the 
structure of the university." 
WINd .... UCSD ....... ,..' 

"Part of what it [has] taugbt me 
is patience with imperfection. and 
that when you're dealing with an 
organization this big. change 
comes slowly. At the same time. it 
[has] taught me that things can be 
done to make this a cool place." 

Most v""""''''''' 
"My stubbornness in being hon-

est. My refusal to shut up. I'm a 
misfit, and I won't shut up about 
it." 
Who would Jou .11k. to hav. 
dinner with? 

" If you asked me 011 a different 
day I'd give you a different answer, 
but Harriet Tubman. At the 
moment, I need to have a lot of 
courage in my convictions. I find it 
hard to maintain courage. I think 
about the underground railroad and 
think ahout people risking their 
lives. To have that kind of strength 
and conviction to risk your ass -
that is something I could really 
benefit from." 
WIuIt Is someth .... Jour 
..-rents would be IUrprised 
to know IIbout Jou? 

"How sexually explorative I am. 
I wish more people could feel more 

Brown Eyes to Blue, Green, Hazel 

F R E E PAIR COLORED CONTACTS FreshLook Colors with urchase of 2 boxes of dear FreshL:J disposables. 
DAILY WEAR EXTENDED WEAR DISPOSABLE LENSES 

COMPLETE 2 PAIRS B&L FW COMPLETE 
"ALL .p.ciol. includ. I.n •••• exam, .y.cor. kit and follow up vi.it. A.ligmolic I.ns •• high.r. 

Not val id with any olher off.r. Off,,, expire 3/31/99. 

ROBERT HELLER, 0,0 .• STEVEN TAYMAN, 0.0 .• JOHN (ASTIELLO, 0.0. 
COSTA VERDE CENTm FASHION VALLEY CENTER 

8650 GIN!SU AvE. ST!. 220 NIAI SAKS FIFTif AVENUI (619)452-7374 (619)295-0537 

Monday, January II, 1999 

comfortable with their bodies. I'm 
not a free-love person. I realize 
how much responsibility goes 
along with sexual freedom. They 
probably don't know how many 
places I've gone both spiritually 
and sexually. I have a lot of inter-
esting experiences in many ditTer-
ent ways - religion. drugs, sex. 
They'd be surprised how experi-
enced I am." 

How do"""'''''''''' ........,,.... ..... ,.. 
................. 
-, 

"Needless to say. part of the way 
is how they treated me like a sexu-
al being. Obviously, there's a lot 
more permission in society to pur-
sue a woman sexually than a man. 
To me, that is a lot of what homo-
phobia is about. If there's a lot of 
homophobia around. then men can 
be fairly assured that they them-
selves will not be the object of sex-
ua� attention. At least. it's morally 
frowned upon. It's not acceptable. 
My sexuality isn't as foregrounded. 
Another thing is I'm perceived as 
more of a threat. a potential 
assailant. I know. statistically, my 
chances of being assaulted are 
much lower. There's definitely a 
higher ehance of getting into a fist 
fight." 
How do ....... 1'8IICt ..... 
,.. .. _ ,..'r. 
"-' ..... " 

"Some people are just blown 
away. They're just thrown for a few 
weeks. Some don't rcject me. but 
need some time to adjust. People 
who have known me for a long time 
have the most invested. Those peo-
ple seem to be the most disturbed. 
Strangers that I meet tend to be not 
as freaked. Some are, but some 
people are totally cool. I've met 
straight. white guys that arc like 
'Cool dude' and don ' t carc. The 
average person is kind of fascinat -
ed, but careful. They don't know 
what to make of it. or what to say or 
how to act." 

UCSD GUARDIAN 
MONDAYSa 
THURSDAYS 

Monday, January II. 1998 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
I iI~!J: I §!.! ~II 
"ROUND TRIP COURIER FARES" 
London $349 .... $300 Hong Kong $389 
CNM S380 Sydner 5580 IIMgIuIII $370 
ElI·I:!'.·JliI'!!II-!ili-a 
AIR COURIER INTERNATIONAL 

1-800-218-1230 24 hr 

Consulting & Finance 
Interview Week 

= * More than 600 interview 
slots! 

* Hurry! Sign up early! 
* View schedules & sign 

upal: 
www-csc.ucsd.edulcscflStoncam.htm 
* Don't miss resume 

submission deadlines! 
Career ServlI:es Center 
M F 8 .. ", -l JOpm 534 4472 

www esc ucsd edu 

AUDITIONS- The Student Safety 
Awareness Program is holding 
auditions for groups- to perform this 
year + next year to advocate rape 
awareness + prevention. Audition sign 
ups at Theatre Dept. Board; Sequoyah 
Hall, Rm. 245. For more info call 534-
5793. (117-11) 
The Episcopal Student Association 
meets every Wednesday from 5:00 
p.m. to 6:30 p.m. in the International 
Center Conference Room for 
communion, Christian discussion, and 
free dinner. Students, faculty, and staff 
welcome. (1/11) 
Study, work, or travel around the world! 
Have the adventure of a lifetime while 
working towards ),our degree. Come to 
the EAPIOAP general information 
session on Wednesday, January 13th 
at 7 p.m. in the Intemational Center 
Lounge:.!.! I~ ) 
PARTY IN BAJA! Rosarito Beachfr.ont 
1-7 bedroom homes. Surf, sun, sand, 
swim- Singles, couples, groups $29-
$3951night. 011·52-615-50174. (1/11-
~ 

Network. 
Network. 

Network. 
Getting involved with professional 

oroanilations is a great wwt to network 
and make contacts with profesSionals 

~Id of interest. Our new 
I PIItIInItt/J "..,.m 

will put you in touch with various 
oroanilations each quarter. 1101 UP 

EARLY to attend off-campus 
networlcino Mnts with these groups: 
......... ·1f1lClll .... 11/11) 

All ca.1f .. -.11/11) 
"'I", .. Ft.cIII PIIIIIIIIIVlI) 
.... P/IrIICII "-" ".11111) 

................... 
Pi I 11"11111/11) 

Career SerVlces Center 
www esc lJcsd cdlJ 5343750 

EVE N T S 
Leadership Seminar: p,..,.rlni for 
Gr8CI .... 1IId Prof ... 1one1 School. 
To be presented on 1114199 from 3-4 
p.m. in the Price Center Gallery B. A 
seminar on graduate and professional 
education and how to prepare, how to 
apply and how to be successful in 
gaining admission. Sponsored by 
Student Organizations & Leadership 
Opportunities. For more info call 534-
0501. (1/11·14) 

EMPLOYMENT 
FREE RADIO + '12501 FtnhIaer 
opertlollUdentgroupe& orgarizaIions, 
Eam$3-$5perVilalMCapp. WelUpply 
II mIteriaIIlt no cost. Cal for info or 
viIIt our webIIte, Qualified caJleri 

The UCSD Guardian 

CLASSIFIEDS 
The UCSD Guardian reserves Ihe right 10 classify. edit, delete offensive words and 
phrases. and/or refuse any and all advertisements without prior notification. The AdvertIser 
will nor hold the Guardian liable for any claims resulling Irom the publication of the 
advertisement. The publisher will also not be held accountable for any claim from an 
agreement made between Ihe advertiser and th.e consumer. 
Copy should be r8lliewed by th. advertis.r for errors. In order to be corrected In Ihe nexl 
regular issue, all errors must be reported by the corresponding deadline. Credll WIll only 
be given fortha Incorrecl portion of the advertisement. There are no refunds for cancellallons. 
P .... MtId all co_.,oncIence NgIIntlnll Cla •• lfled. to: 
UCSD OU8nl"n, Attn: C .... lfled •• 1500 Oilman Drive '0316. L. Jolla, CA 12013. 
Actual location: Student Center A. Room 217 . 

receive a FREE Baby Boom Box. 1-
800-932-0528 x 65. 
www.ocmconcepts.com (117-1/11) 

learn Bartending 

PIT SALES CLERK wanted for a 
friendly. fast-paced UTC area florist. 
Must be available some weekends. 
Call Sandra 622-9999.J..117-11) 
Do you correct your friends' grammar? 
The Guardian is looking for Copy 
Readers to assist with editing. For more 
information, call 534-6581 or stop by 
the Guardian office, upstairs in the 
Student Center. (117-14) 
Harmonium, Inc. is hiring Special 
Activity Leaders for after school 
programs located at schools within San 
Diego Unified School District. Minimum 
of one years experience conducting art 
and recreation activities for ages 5-12. 
Call Ginger at 566-5740. (1/11-14) 
Klassic Kids Childcare Centers are 
hiring part time Monday-Friday moming 
and aftemoon positions. 12 units in 
child education and experience working 
with children desired. Call Kelly at 271-
0622. (1/11-14) 
Part-time childcare needed MWF 3-
5:30 p.m. TuesfThurs. 4-8:30p.m. Must 
have reliable transportation , 
references, and speak English. Call 
Michelle at 279-7141 and leave 
message. (1/11) 
Part time Office assistant in Del Mar. 
Ughtpaper/phone work. $1 Olhrlbonus. 
Please be articulate. Flexible hours 
available. Contact Pete @ 619-755-
8890' ext. 123. (1/11-14) 
Helpers wanted to organize new office 
for retired college professor. Near 
campus. Flexible hours. $8Ihr. 558-
8846. (1/11) 
Babysitterwanted. C4rmet Valley family 
seeks a responsible babysitter for two 
young girfs. Some weekdays and 
Saturday nights. Carolann, 793-6812. 
(1111-14) 
Looking for experienced, high-energy 

babysitter for two year old in Del Mar. 
Car owner preferred. Need 15 hrs! 
week and pays $6-s/hr. Call Kelly 619-
350-0829. (.!!.! 1-28) 
BabYSitting for 4 year old. 6 hours! 
week. $7Ihr. Near UCSD. 755-2128. 
(1/11-14) 
Asst. Coach for Girts 10-12 wI Encinitas 
Volleyball ClUb. TuesfThurs. 4-6 p.m . 
$7.5OIhr. HS Varsity VB experience 
necessary. 760-944-1300. 7 a.m.-9p.m. 
(1/11-14) 
UnIversity Centers Marketing 
Department has several immediate 
openings from entry level to senior 
staff positions. Interested?? Go online 
to www.theuniversitycenters.ucsd.edu 
Click on "Employment" for more 
information and an application. Or stop 
by the EDNA booth in the Price Center 
to apply. Apply todayl (1/11) 

ROOMMATES 
Point Lorna. Female seeking non-
smoking female; Share 2 bedroom 
Townhouse. Fumished bedroom; Pool; 
Laundry; $380 per month. 224-9025. 
(117-11) 
Roommate to share 2' BDR 2 BA 
luxurious condo in UTC. Indoor WID. 
Secure underground parking. $4751mo. 
112 utilities. Call Jim. 546-8128. (1/11-
~ 
FOR RENT 

Share large master bedroom wI bath. 
Walking distance to school. Near buses, 
shopping. $320 + 1/3 utilities. Villa La 
Jolla apartments. Ask for Marc 587-
8875. (1/11-214) 

FOR SALE 
STARTTHENEWQUARTERWITHA 
COMPUTER/PRINTER I Macintosh 
Powerbook 520c laptop $800. 
Macintosh IIsi wI extemal CD·ROM, 
speakers, and modem for internet 
connection- $600. Many programs 
installed in both computers induding: 
Word Perfect, PowerPoint, Print Shop 
Deluxe, and more. Hewlett Packard .-
560c color printer $200. Hewlett 
Packard Deskwriter printer $150. Call 
Adolfo 6-10 p.m. at 421-1373. (1111-
14) 
Canon lmova laptop. 360CD with 32 
mb RAM, 133 MHz. Includes 28.8 

• ~Pt Ing bl' ~ ~-tk f~'~ ':H 
~ ... 

Party Hard: -Ttarel Safe 
C~wp lickJs. Grc,~l ~dvice.. Nice. Mle., 

All Inclusives: ~ 
MAZATLAN for I. low I. 

$399. qUid 
CANCUNfor I. low I. 

$549. qUid 
CARNIVAL CRUISE 

4 day. $231. OBL 
Limited Space 

SAN FEUPE: 4 dly.ln 
Cabanl. bchfrnt ... $129. qUid 
HONOLULU: 4nt •• for I. 

low I. $429. qUid 
Somo '"""ctioo. apply. SubJ"CI to ... ilobil~y. 

T .... noc Included 

~~~~-----------~ ClltE: C ... I ... Interutiaul Ed.atlDnal b .... 
9500 Gilman Drive 
UCSD Price Center Ste. 76 ( ) 

_ lil. Jolla _ . 619 452-0630 
... ... " ... , ...... " .... . 

Classified Line 
Ad Rates 

Studenta: 53 per 20 word, 
F.cutty "SlBff: 54 per 20 word, 

All other" ss per 20 word, 
Advance paymenl is required 

Classified Display 
Ad Rates 

59.00 per cotumn inch 
Deadlin •• : 

Pubkcation Oltl Oi_y Ad. Line Ad. 
Mondly 
Thuradly 

Noon Thur.. 3 pm ThUll. 
Noon Mon. 3 pm Mon. 

modem. Windows 98, Plus! 98, 1997 
Microsoft Office Suite. $1000 or best 
offer. Contact Marc 587-8875. (1/11-
28) 

VV ANT E 0 
Asian 

Egg Donor 
Neededl 

LOVing infertile couple is hoping 
to find a kind woman to help us 
have a baby. We're hoping 
to find someone intelligent with a 
Chinese, Japanese, or Korean 
background. Artistic and athletic 
talent appreciated. 
(800) 886-9373 ext 7225 

fOPl1ONS 
Compensation $6,500 

plus expenses 
Thank you (or your consideration 

Research subjects reimbursed for 
interview. If you are a UCSD student, 
21-25, call 552-8585 x4185 for more 
information. (1/11-613) 

CLASSIFIEDS 13 

Volunteers paid $30.00 for interview. If 
you are entirely of Japanese or Korean 
descent, age 21-25, call 552-8585 x 
2182. (117-6/3) 
UCSD ALLERGY STUDY: Subjects 
with current allergy symptoms to inhaled 
allergens (dust, grass, animals) needed 
as blood donors. Will be reimbursed 
$35.00 for blood donation. Contact 534-
237U117-19) 

PERSONALS 

A very big THANK YOU to everybody 
who attended the Ballroom Dance 
Team's Fundraiser Dance, ' It Don't 
Mean A Thing II It Ain't GotThat Swing"! 
We really appreciate your support. 
Keep on swingin'!!(1 /11) 
Joe Pan sighting: having a Camel on 
the Student Center deck. (1 /11 ) 
Robert DeNlro, he of the former 
integrity, will play Fearless Leader in 
the second full length feature starring 
cartoon villains Boris and Natasha. I 
can't wait to see him on those press 
junkets with Bullwinkle. (1 /11) 
Tom "Cuddles" Coughlin , coach of the 
JacksonvilleJaguars, fined two players 
for being late for a team meeting after . 
theircarflipped overon a rainy highway. 
They were lucky--<Jeath would have 
meant missing a game. (1/11) 

Colleae Niaht 
Wed. 9flm - cl66e 
t _BBR8 

• H •• ted Outdoor Patio 
• Gre.t Food 
• H.ppy Hour 3-6 M-Sat 

Two photo eq UI red 
7536 Fay Ave. 456·BREW 

,1(10,,, hom VONS 

Ibrthe UCDC 
.,..,..,,'999 
gg ad'Ina I. 

The deadline 
19991 • .... 13. 

If you are interested In spending a Quarter interning 
and taking classes in Washington, be sure to stop 

by the Academic Internship Program office 
(Literature Building, Second Floor, Room 3255) 

for application information. 

Or call or stop by the Political SCience Department, 
Mary Quisenberry (534-2705) to find out more 

about this exciting opportunity. 
. ........ . .. , . .. .. ..... ......... .. 



14 FEATURES The UCSD Guardian Monday, January II. 1999 

PSYCHO THERAPY 
Marriage) kids and dorkdom) all seem to go hand-in-hand 

MARY HIGGINS 
Senior Staff Writer 

1 baby-sat for a 3-year-old chi Id 
named Sally last week. 

"Let's play pretend," Sally said 
sweetly, a prelly smile on her 
cherubic face. "1 will be Princess 
Tiara and you can be Sam." 

"Great," 1 agreed, thinking how 
cute she was. "Who is Sam sup-
posed to be'!" 

"Sam is a dead dog," she 
replied. "Now lie down, Sam." 

Three-year-olds arc often 
ohsessed with the subject of death 
since it's a new concept for them 
and they dOIl't really understand 
what it means. I. on the other hand, 
was not comfortable assuming the 
identity of her deceased pet. 

"Wouldn't you rather play 
something else instead'!" I suggest-
ed, hopefull y. 

"You don't get to talk, Sam." 
I lay down on the ground and 

shut my eyes, as instructed. After a 
few moments, 1 opened my eyes 
and peeked. Sally was completely 
ignoring me, busy taking inventory 
of her Christmas toys. 

"Can we play something ebe 
now, Tiara'!" 

"Shhhh! No talking!" 
Have you ever tried arguing 

with a 3-year-old? Of course you 
haven ' t ... not if you boast an IQ 
higher than that of your average 
cantaloupe. The best thing you can 
do to keep a child that age satisfied 
is to act like the world's biggest 
pushover. One time Sally made me 
tiptoe around the house and whis-
per during the whole afternoon so 
we wouldn't "wake up" her dolls. 

If you think being a university 
student is a rough gig, try being a 
substitute parent for a day. You will 

I can hardly blame parents for 
their lack of will power. What 
would you do if you were in the 
middle of the supermarket, your 
child were screaming her head off 
and strangers were glaring like you 
were the most evil person on earth? 

You'd buy the damn toy, that's 
what. 

I think about stuff like this, now 
that a lot of my high school buddies 
are getting married. This summer 
(' II be a bridesmaid for the second 
time. (Note: If I wind up wearing 
anything that has sequins or bows, 

Believe it or not, your parents were 
"cool" at one point. 

Then you were born and they 
sold their motorcycles and bought a 
station wagon, It's like they joined 
a private club of crazy people who 
don't sleep, are extremely paranoid 
and often forget to perform basic 
functions like brushing their teeth. 

Once you join the Parent Club, 
you are a lifelong member. This 
means that once your children grow 
up, leave the house and become 
brain surgeons, you still must treat 
them like they're away at kinder-

Right now you live for trendy clothes and loud 
music. A decade/rom now) you could be driving 
carpools in your slippers and rocking out to the 

delightfUl sounds of '13arney and Friends. " 
go to great lengths just to entertain 
this mysterious little person, who 
has no illusions about who's boss. 
I'm convinced that any grown per-
son who can patiently play Barbies 
for hours on end deserves the 
Nobel Peace Prize. 

Parents are even bigger chumps 
than baby-sitters. Here is a typical 
conversation that parents have with 
their children in the store: "No Bri-
anna, I will not buy you one more 
Beanie Baby. Absolutely not. Please 
stop crying. All right, just one. OK, 
two. Now pick yourself up off the 
Iloor .. . you 're making a scene!" 

Connie, I will make you suffer). 
Let's face it. folks. Most of you 

are still living the happy, carefree dor-
mitory life. But mark my words, this 
will change drastically in the next 10 
years or so: Right now you live for 
trendy clothes and loud music. A 
decade from now, you could be dri-
ving carpools in your slippers and 
rocking out to the delightful sounds 
of "Barney and Friends." 

Have you ever wondered why 
men and women - otherwise very 
normal and fashionable people -
suddenly tum into complete dorks 
when they have children'! It 's true. 

garten for the day. 
For exart:lple, my mom is still a 

complete lunatic, and I'm 22-
years-old. She doesn't like me dri-
ving alone or when it's dark out. 
She doesn't like me driving -when 
there is too much traffic or if it's 
rainy or foggy. All in all, there is 
about a IS-minute window during 
the week in which my mother feels 
it's OK for me to drive. You think 
that's overprotective'! You should 
see my grandmother. If my mom 
drives the car six miles across 
town, grandma makes her call 
when she gets there. 

I keep telling myself I could 
never be that freakish. Unfortunate-
ly, scientific evidence has proven 
that the "cool" gene becomes irre-
versibly switched off once you have 
children_ As I spend more time baby-
sining, I realize that my own cool 
gene is already failing drastically. 

This became all too appare.nt 
when my six-year-old cousin got 
the Best of Disney CD for Christ-
mas and I exclaimed, "Ooohh, that 
album rocks!" 

My cousin gave me a sharp look 
and hovered over her gifts, as if she 
suspected I might just paw through 
her stuff and help myself. Smart girl. 

I'll probably be an elementary 
schoolteacher sometime after grad-
uation. Teaehers can get away with 
being dorky; it's practically a job 
requirement. I figure that becoming 
uncool is inevitable as you age, so 
why fight it? We may all even learn 
to love driving mini-vans. 

I will never, ever learn to like 
Barney, but I recently purchased 
the Curious George anthology. It 's 
one of the greatest collections of 
short fiction I've ever read. 

"Is this a gift for someone'!' the 
cashier at the bookstore asked. 

"Uh, yeah," I shrugged. "It's for 
my friend, Sam." 

Write to Psycho Therapy at 
mhiggins@ucsd.edu or drop letters 
off at the Guardian office on the sec-
ond floor of the Old Student Center. 
For extra fun, you can break ou/ 
your crayons and color in Mary's 
icon at the top of this page. 

'Pl~~ ~wt~ K.~, 
a:tio~ g.~ 

• Sign Up at your Dean's Office 
(or M.O.M.J 

• Meet at the Sun God at 8:30 a.m. 
for free transportatj.on 

• Free t-shirt for first 30 students 
who sign up at each college 

Sponsored by: 
Chancellor's Office, Vice-Chancellor for Student 

Affairs Office, Associated Students, 
Cross Cultural Center, and the 5 Colleges 

Martin Luther King Rededication Day 
10:00 a.m .. - 3:00 p.m. 
Sun God Lawn 
Presented by Muir Cultural Society 

'\ , ,I", I, , I" I' '" I ' 
"Eyes on the Prize" video PR_I_idll.u~ 
5:30p.m. 
Warren Student Activities Centc!t 
Presented by Warren College Dean's 

Iii I I I I I \ I I' I I I I \ \ I ~ 
"I Have A Dream" video presentation and discussion 
Noon - 1:00 p.m. 
Library Walk 
Presented by Thurgood Marshall College 
Affirmative Action Retention Committee 

"In Remembrance of Martin" video presentation 
6:00p.m. 
Revelle Plaza Cafe 
Presented by Revelle College Cultural Awareness .Network 

"The State of the Dream" roundtable discussion 
7:00 p.m. 
Cross Cultural Center 
Presented by Eleanor Roosevelt College Multicultural Student Network 

IS SPORTS The UCSD Guardian Monday, January II, 1999 

M. HOOPS: 
Tritons continue fairy-tale 
season with two wins 
c ........ ".. .... u 
told us that if our shooting wasn't working, 
our defense would win us games," Maroutsos 
said. "We knew all we had to do was make 
some shots and we'd come out on top." 

Because of their defense, the Tritons 
only trailed, 30-27, at halftime. and even 
though they shot a modest 39 percent in the 
second half. UCSD outscored SCC 40-23. 
Great teams find more than one way to win 
and against the Vanguards, UCSD did. 

On Friday, against a powerful 12-1 Biola 
team, it was a dilTerent story. The Tritons 
played like they have been playing all year. 
They bombed from the outside and played 

VOLLEYBALL: 
UCSD has a new coach 
and a I-I record 
c ......... ".. .... u 
Jan. 5. It was one heck of a debut. The Tritons 
thrashed Stevens, 15-1. 15-2, 15-1. The 
Tritons came out fired up, took control of the 
match and never let go. They drastically over-
I1IaIChed their New Jersey opponents and sent 
them back to the East Coast with the nasty 
taste of blowout in their mouths. 

Senior seller Kurt Seckington had a fan-
tastic opener, posting 31 assists and 3 ser-
vice aces. Zack Hite chipped in with 9 kills 
and 5 aces. Scot Hastings had a perfect 
match. He allempled 9 kills and was suc-
cessful every time. Devon Jelleoat had a 
solid match, recording 7 kills and 3 aces. 

It was a good win for the Tritons and it 
gave them some momentum for their con-
ference opener, a road match last Saturday 
night at the Pepperdine University Firestone 

tough defense. Against the Eagles, UCSD 
shot 49 percent from the three-point line. 
That is almost twice what they shot against 
SCC from the floor. Wall poured in 26, 
while senior guards Tyler Garratt and Adam 
Libby both scored in double figures with 5 
assists apiece. The Tritons led a close game 
all the way and advanced to the finals. 

Along with Foote, Wall and Gamll both 
claimed All-Tournament Honors while Wall 
picked up the Most Valuable Player Award. 

'This season is going as well as we could 
have expected." Lanthier said "When I look at 
our schedule, I don't think any five tearns in 
Division D could go 21-4 playing the games 
we have, but we're in a position to do just that" 

The Tritons will put their 15-2 record on 
the line next Saturday in RIMAC against 
Hope International University. Be there at 8 
p.m. to watch this team keep making history. 

Fieldhouse . Pepperdine sports one of the 
nation's top squads, and was ranked No. 4 in 
the country going into the game. It was safe 
to say that this match would be more than a 
healthy test for Stevenson and his troops. 

The Waves turned out to be as good as 
their billing, and considerably beller than 
the Stevens Institute of Technology as they 
swepllhe Tritons, 15-2, 15-4, 15-9. 

The Tritons came out nat and the Waves 
quickly pounced on the advantage. The 
Tritons didn't play well enough to win, but 
the game was a building block for future 
matches. 

Jeffcoat led the Tritons with 7 kills. Hite 
and Bill Sinclair each had 3 kills. Seckingtoli 
had 13 assists and 2 service aces. 

The loss evened UCSD's record at I-I 
on the season thus far. but now the Tritons 
are focused on their newest opponent: the 
University of Hawaii. Against all odds, the 
Tritons are expecting success, and hopeful-
ly they will come back to La Jolla with leis 
around their necks and a big win or two. 

-when students read 
The New York Times, they 

have in their hands the very same 
resource that informs dedsfons 

and actions of world leaders 
around the globe.· 

SPECIAL REDUCED RATES 
FOR UCSD FACUL TY & STUDENTS 
SAVE 80% OFF THE COVER PRICE 

CALL (800) 631·1222 

UCSD Adjusts Nicely 
BENDY: Tritons use flexibility to beat Claremont 83-72 
By John MIIynud pointer with under a minute left to go in the 
Sports Editor half, the Tritons kept the lead indefinitely. 

Perhaps the most telling side of a strong The Tritons opened up the first half strong. 
team is its ability to adjust. To be successful, tapered half toward the middle, and tben 
a team must be not only physically pliable, regained their fire for the linal minutes of the 
but more importantly, mentally Ilex- half. In the second half, they came out a~ 
ible. This year's women's basket- equally strong, but this time.tbey held 
ball squad embodies their fire for the remain-
both of these features. t ..... AikET.ALLI derofthe half. 

On Saturday against Senior guard Tristen 
Claremont College, the women Teasdale came alive in thc sec-
were doing all sons of mental gym- ond half, stunning the Athenas mid-
nastics. While most of their competition die with quick drives down the lane. 
this year has coveled the three, forcing tbe Teasdale finished with 13 points and junior 
Tritons to play it inside, the Athenas were forward Marci Ernsberger was unbeatable 
constantly leaving the outside open, forcing defensively in the second half, constantly 
UCSD to showcase its outside shot. forcing poor Claremonl passes. 

Fortunately, the Tritons' touch was on Ernsberger's defensive tenacity seemed to 
and backed by 9 three-pointers, UCSD rub ofT on the entire UCSD squad. Her tire 
rolled by Claremont 83-72, for its eighth inspired both sophomore centers Ashley 
win of the season. Kokjohn and Kim "Shaquillc" Neal to draw 

The Tritons opened up to a quick lead fouls and grolb boards away from thc Athenas 
againslthe smaller Claremont squad, but the side. The duo combined for 17 rebounds and 
Athenas picked up the tempo and snatched 20 points in Saturday'S effons. 
back the lead, going up 22-16 by the middle "We adjusted well both offensively and 
of the first half. defensively," Ernsberger said. "We were 

Trailing didn't worry the Tritons too 
much, as they methodically chipped away 
the disadvantage until sophomore forward 
Genevieve Ruvald's three-point bucket gave 
the Tritons the lead. 

The Athenas would not fold, however, 
and with five minutes left in the opening 
half, they regained the lead. UCSD Head 
Coach Judy Malone then subbed in senior 
guard Amy McClure, who came off the 
bench to put away.a game-tying three-point-
er - her 14th point of the half. 

From there, the lead switched hands two 
more times, but after a Jenessa Bayda three-

__ ". 11 YEARS! 

overseas 
Automotive Repair 
••• ++1 
Oil e & $1595, Minor 
Safety • Tune-Up 

more aggressive on defense and smarter qn 
offense. We shot a lot of three's because 
they were leaving them open." 

This win was very big for the Tritons. 
who were coming off a tough loss against 
Southern California College. 

"l..a.'it game was a battle that went back and 
forth and in the end [SCC] had more points," 
Teasdale said. "Every game's important." 

Fortunately, the Triton's ability 10 adjust 
paid ofT, giving them even morc reason to 
believe they can make it to the middle of 
March, when Ihe NCAA Championships 
arrive. 

r------~rDr'E TOW IN G 1 Minor Tune Up I, • r:'!.~ _ :n::,.".r. ·lO-m1. radlu. 
Special Brake Job ~. 

lOur tuM up Include., lot more Aeg.1S5 Special Reg. SIO ' 
I thin otherI_ It Include.: I 1. NEW Spa", plugs 7. Ched< brakes Front or rear. Brake Job Includes: 12. ChecK DIstrb!tot points 8. Chedc clutch 11. Insta. II ~ont pads 01 rear shoes _I 3. ChecK Distributor 9. Ched< lighls • 2. Dra,n old blake fluid 
1 condensor 10. Check t.r1dercarriage I 3. Inspecl hydraulic syslem • I 4. ~ lining for damage 4. RefiN hydraulic nuid ~ • • 
1 5. Chedc and replenish 11. Check cooling system 1 S. Bleed blake system .' I 

.1 fluid and oil levels & hoses 6. ~llront (if shoes) and rear shoes 

H· Adjust dwell angle 12. Road test • 7. Road.,lesijl ..... r..,._ ...... '-!!I,.. 
---------,...-. 35-polnt Major Service 

I Special ...... 1 Exfr8 for fwllnjecl«l can . . Our -/Or senne. Inc/ud .. : Reg. 1150 I V I 
I. Nowoporlipligi 12 . • doeII anglo 24 LlA>thonltnd 0.". 12. NowArIllor 11. CllWIIor 2S.OIecklorlooIenuiS&.... I I 

1 Now 001 filltr 14· .IiI~ .. lueIr..,_. 26. OIeckf91ls ~Change 14.OIange • 0II 15. 0Ieck""""'I 27. Chick undtrtaml9"!of darNge I 1 5. NowIUliflhr IlOleckcUcfl 28. Chockondrocl1arVeblllery~_ & 
I 6.OIeck~fIOI1I' 17 .• cUcfI 29. ~.IIJII II_ I I 7. 0Ieck~"'- 1 •. 0Ieck_ 30. 0Ieck1" pres.... 20-point 

t . CorI\lmIoOn IeII 19h1L«_ 31 . LIA>t door IWlges I I·· 'IIMI ......... '...-I 2O . • 1IIIIIgenty"'1ke 32 Clleckllholde" Safety Check I 10. Now _ ...... guI!et 21 . 0Ieck & ,..., II """ IMis 33. 0Ieck cociIIg syst.m & holes 1 -.... 22.OIeckonrl",apooedbob 34 OIeck_~system I Special I 11. ~ ImIIg 23. 0Ieck elldnclltu. 35. AoIrIltli 1-: ...... : EIInIlor~,...-, - pIMInum pIugI. .J ~ 
c=:ClulchJ: 'DI!!ITi;i;g BeR 5;edal .... 1 1. Newpreuureplate 4.New Pilot~ ____ . ____ _ 
2. New Clutch Disk 5. Change transmission oil Extended Warranty 13. New Throwout bear1ng a.Road Ial 1 
=::-..:-..... _Il0l ... 80.'_ .J15, 30, 45., 60, 75, & 90K service 1.:--------....,.. can. With thl •• d. Expire. 1/25/99. IhIruaI AutOeooe·BMIJ.marRd 15 

.,... _ .,.,... Alk IIIout _1peciIII on 1fI9I,.... * 
All our -" ..... 2.,..r or 2O,CJOO.mllt IImIlld wamlnty. 11 ~I averieis & .. ." ...... ~In Repair ~ 8008-8 Miramar Road. 
••••• 1 695·1990 

---

-



16 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian Monday, January II, 1999 

........... , .... 

.. ,.....,...,... 

...... -.,.. 

.. CNcfI ..... 

.. ,..,,.,., 

.......,---.. 
- 1)1>0 III 5po(tKfI- rei .. 

nr« 10 Tim Couch 
PORTS 

Kick the 
Bucket 

Jake Gordon 
Please UCSD, Help 
Save Dave! 

Without the BA, the prais-
es of college basketball have 
been flying fast and furious. Yet 
here at UCSD. some students 
seem to forget we even have a 
hasketball team. No one goes to 
gamcs hecause of excuses like 
midterms or lack of money or 
even that we have a bad team. 

Cry me a river, boys and girls. 
Non.: of thosc excuses count for 
squat anymore. II \ the beginning 
(If the quaner. games are fre.: to 
students and the men's ba~ketball 
lea rn is having one of the greatest 
,ca~ons in UCSD history. And 
now there's one more reason to 
get out to the games: a man \ 
livelihood i~ at stake. 

In an elTon to bring out more 
basketball fan, to RIMAC 
Arena, UCSD m.:n ·, ba~ketball 
assistant coach David Dillon has 
pitched a tent on the roof of 
RIMAC. He ha, vowed to live 
there until UCSD hreah the 
, ingle-game allendance record 
for haskethall. No kidding kids. 
thi, thing i~ for REAL. 

A noble caus,:: th .: "Save 
Dal'':'' campaign will lind that 
hreaking the record wi II he no 
easy feal. The biggest crowd 
ever to \ee a CSD ba,kctball 
game was over 2.100 people, 
and that wa, thn:e years ago on 
the opening night of the RIMAC 
facilit y. Only 625 people 
,howed up at Saturday [light's 
championship game of the La 
Jolla Cla,sic. 

"We have an exceptionally 
exciting team this year and I 
fhink it would be great if more 
student, could see it ," Dillon 
said. "So many people are miss-
ing out. The people that come to 
games have such a great time 
that I hope people who have 
never heen will get out here." 

Here at the GLlardian Sport> 
section. we have always tried to 
make , tudents get oIl their fat 
fannie, and into RIMAe's scats. 
Now Di lion has forsaken con-
ventional methods of publicity 
to make a bold statement and we 
applaud the hell out of him. 

Almost 19,000 students go to 
UCSD and only 625 come to 
games? That's just 3 percent of 
the school 's population. For the 
record to be broken, only II 
percent of the students here at 
UCSD have to attend. I'm 
embarrassed to be begging for 
only one-tenth of students to go, 
but Dave is sleeping out there in 
the cold, man . 

Go on over to RIMAC Arena 
after you're done washing down 
dinner with a couple of pints of 
the nectar of the Gods. It's col-
lege, remember? There is no 
e)(cuse and you'll be doing 
Dave a favor. The next home 
game for UCSD is Saturday, 
Jan. 16 at 8 p.m. See you 

By Jake Gordon 
Sports Editor 

Sometimes it seems as if no 
matter what happens, you're going 
to come out on top. When you're 
having a dream season, the 
wheels can come off the 
hus but some-
how, you ' re 
going to keep 
on rollin' . Such is 
life right now for the 
UCSD men's basketball team. 

The Tritons won the La Jolla 
Classic this weekend with a tough 
!! 1-76 victory over Biola University 
on Friday and then a comeback per-
formance against Southern 
California College, 67-53, on 
Saturday. These two games were 

Nf-------
" 

UCSD's toughest tests of the sea-
son thus far, and the victories upped 
its record to 15-2 on the season. 

Triton fans, this is a team of des-
tiny. Right now, seemingly nothing 

can stand in the way of Head 
Coach Greg Lanthier 's 

troops. 
The Tritons 

won this week-
end with hean 

and defense, despite injuries 
and poor shooting. Consider 

this: in last Thursday's pral.:tice, less 
than 24 hours before the Classic 
opener, senior si)(th man and three-
point specialist Nick Maroutsos 
sprained his ankle on the last drill of 
the day. Since Maroutsos was aver-
aging double-digit scoring off the 

The Tritons swept two 
tough games in Rimac 
Arena to capture the La 
Jolla Classic) continuing 
one of the greatest seasons 
in UCSD basketball 
history 

JuliuS Chol / Guardran 

MVP: Senior forward Mike 
Wall receives a pass against 
Biola in the La Jolla Classic. 
Wall scored 26 and was 
named MVP of the Classic. 

bench, his ahsence would be a big 
loss for UCSD. 

Lanthier was not fazed . He 
rearranged his rotation, and called 
on senior reserve forward Joel 
Foote, who had seen only limited 
action in the first half of the season. 
Foote responded to the call and 
made his coach look like a genius 
as he tired in 12 points against 
Biola and led all scorers against 
SCC with 16 points. All in all, he 
shot 7 of 12 from beyond the three-
point line in the tourney and was 
selected to the All-Tournament 
team. Not too shabby for a guy who 
was averaging 4 points a game. 

Reserve center Ahmad Russ 
also stepped up against the 
Vanguards. With a rowdy, sign-

waving group of supporters cheer-
ing him on, Russ scored 10 points, 
and pulled down 6 rebounds. It was 
a good thing that Foote and Russ 
stepped up when they did because 
the rest of the squad had a decided-
ly poor showing against SCc. 

Coached by former UCLA star 
Cameron Dollar, the Vanguards 
harassed the Tritons into an awful 
shooting performance. UCSD took 
38 shots in the first half and made 
only 9 of them, an abysmal 24 per-
cent from the floor. Star senior for-
ward Mike Wall, who routinely 
leads the Tritons in scoring, had 
exactly one point at halftime. It 
was not quite the stuff of destiny. 

"Coach [Lanthier] has always 
See M. HOOPS, Page 15 

Volleyball Splits to Open Season 
NEW LOOK: Tritons look to new head coach Jon Stephenson to lead them t~ Division III playoffs 
By Travil Hili 
Associate Sports Editor 

No one can say that the UCSD 
men's volleyball squad is ducking 
the competition. 

The Tritons are affiliated with 
Division III, but somehow, the con-
ference they play is in the 
Mountain Pacific Sports 
Federation. It is a strange grouping 
considering that nearly every other 
member of the MPSF is a Division 
I volleyball powerhouse. 

Consequently, instead of having an 
easy Division III schedule, these 
Tritons will receive visits from the 
likes of UCLA, USC, Pepperdine, 
Long Beach State and BYU. 

Last year, UCSD was ravaged 
by their Division I counterparts, 
going 4-20 on the season, including 
0-19 in the MPSF. Then to add 
insult to injury, the Tritons were 
slighted out of berth in the Division 
III postseason, despite being 

~nked No, 4 in the country. All 

told, it was a rather difficult season. 
But the 1999 version of the 

Tritons has a fresh new look and 
positive attitude. The most obvious 
change is the new head coach. 
Duncan McFarland, the head coach 
of the women's volleyball squad 
here at UCSD, used to be the man 
in command. He stepped down at 
the end of the last season, though, 
and UCSD hired Jon Stevenson to 
replace him. 

Stevenson comes higbly recom-

mended to the Tritons because of 
his involvement with beach volley-
ball and the Association of 
Volleyball Professionals (AVP). He 
has won numerous awards with the 
AVP as a player and coach, and is a 
member of the beach volleyball 
Hall of Fame. Basically, this guy is 
no slouch. 

Stevenson's squad opened the 
season at home against the Stevens 
Institute of Technology (NJ) on 

See YOLLIYULL, Pace 15 


