
Elsewhere 
Dean Resigned 
Over Pornography 
CAMBR[DGE, Mass. -
Harvard sources disclosed last 
Thursday that Harvard 
University Dean of the 
Divinity School Ronald F. 
Thiemann resigned last fall 
after thousands of porno-
graphic images were found on 
his university-owned comput-
er. Thiemann said publicly in 
the fall that he was leaving 
for personal and professional 
reasons. A bishop of the 
Evangelical Lutheran Church 
in America said he will be 
meeting with Thiemann, who 
is an ordained Lutheran min-
ister, to determine what action 
the church might take against 
him. 

- The Harvard Crimsol/ 

Students Prote.t 
Policy Repeal 
LOS ANGELES - As the UC 
Board of Regents held its 
monthly meeting in Covel 
Commons Thursday, a group 
of about 150 UCLA slUdenL~ 
marched through campus to 
Chancellor Albert Carnesdale's 
oflice in Murphy Hall. 
demanding that Carnesdale 
sign statements to help rein-
state affirmative action in the 
UC system. Students marched 
down Westwood Boulevard to 
Murphy Hall and occupied the 
hall wherc Camesdale 's office 
is located. They demanded to 
talk to Carnesdale about the 
lower number of underrepre-
sented minorities admiued to 
the university after the repeal 
of aflinnativc action in the UC 
system. Carnesdale met with 
the students but did not sign 
any of their statements. 

- The Daily Bmin 

ACW Rules 
Against EOG Grant 
SEATfLE, Ore. - The 
American Civil Liberties 
Union (ACLU) won its case 
against the state and 10 pri-
vate universities, with ajudge 
ruling that the state Equal 
Opportunity Grant (EOG) vio-
lates the separdtion of church 
and state, the Associated Press 
reported Tuesday, The EOG 
program gives juniors and 
seniors up to $2,500 to use at 
the college or university of 
their choice. The suit, brought 
about by Mary Gallwey, for-
mer Washington State 
University professor and 
ACLU board member, stated 
that the grant is unconstitu-
tional because public money 
used for private religious edu-
cation violates the separation 
of church and state found in 
both the slate and federal con-
stitutions. 

- The Falcon 

Spoken ••• 
"If students v~te for 
representation, we will 
begin to /Jargain. I 
personally hope it 
doesn'l come 10 that. " 

-RoWtDynee 
UCSD Chancellor 

See story at right 

Internet: www.ucsd.edul,uardian 
E·mail: ,u/Jrdis"'ucsa.edu 

Pacific Pathways Mystique National Magic 
A look at the Sikh religion, its 
history, its symbolism and its culture 
after 530 years (?f existence 

Our writer explains why 
feminism is still needed in 
today's society 

Coach "ydra 's golfers 
pulled out an incredible 
comeback at Nationals 

Features, page 9 Opinion, page 4 Sports, page 16 

, H E u c 5 D 

UC SAN DIEGO MONDAY, MAY 24,1999 VOLUME 97, ISSUE 17 

BICYCLE FOR SALE TAs Vote on 
Whether to 
Unionize 
ELECTION: Last week, 
PERB announced that TA at 
UC Berkeley approved union 
By Vincent Gragnani 
Senior Staff Writer 

One week after it was announced that 
TA at UC Berkeley voted to be repre-
sented by the Association of Graduate 
Student Employees/United Auto 
Workers (AGSEfUAW), TAs at UCSD 
voted to decide whether they wanted to 
be represented by the Association of 
Student Employees/U nited Auto 
Workers (ASElUAW). 

Usa Huff/Guaroian 
Pr ...... Ion: Rhys Danylyshyn performs some last minute repair work on his bicycle before 
putting it up for sale at Sunday's campus-wide yard sale in the Muir parking lot. 

Labor Relations Director Michael 
Melman said the results of last week's 
elections will be counted on June 16 at I 
p.m. and the results should be released 
later the same day. 

Molly Rhodes, a representative of the 
ASElUAW, said she predicts that the TAs 
voted in favor of ASFJUAW representa-
tion. 

Regents Meet at UCLA '" think turnout was good," Rhodes said. '" think a majority of people voted. 
We' re optimistic about the results of the 
election." BOARD: Budget and 

research among topics 
discussed Thursday 
By Vincent Or..,..nI 
Senior Steff ~er 

The UC Rec;ents met last 
Thursday to review issues 
including the governor's budget 
for next year, undergraduate 
research at the University of 
California and a measure that 
will allow UCSD to carry out 
plans to build two new parking 
structures. The regents meeting 
was interrupted by individuals 
protesting the repeal of affirma-
tive action in the UC system. 

Vice President of Budget 
Larry Hershman presented 

Governor Ora): Davis' budget 
proposals for the UC system in 
the [999-2000 fiscal year. 

Hershman called the propos-
a[ a "very good budget for. edu-
cation," and said that strong eco-
nomic growth in the state 
enabled Davis to put extra 
money toward the UC system. 

Using revised economic fig-
ures from May 1999, Davis 
allotted an additional $23 mil-
[ion in his proposal to reduce 
student fees by 5 percent for 
California resident undergradu-
ates. This will reduce total 
tuition for California resident 
undergraduates by 10 percent 
from the 1997-98 leve[s. 

The budget will also support 
a student enrollment increase of 

3.7 percent - or 5,500 students 
- and a $5.6 million increase in 
the amount spent on K-12 and 
teacher training initiatives. 

Regent Ward Connerly said 
that while he was pleased to see 
reductions in student fees, he 
feared that if the economy were 
to decline, fees would again 
have to be increased. 

Earlier in the meeting, the 
regents approved design propos-
als for two new parking struc-
tures at UCSD. Construction on 
the structures, one of which will 
be along Gi[man Drive and the 
other along North Torrey Pines 
Roa9, should begin this fall. 

UCSD Chancellor Robert 
Dynes said that the approval of 

See REGENTS, Page 3 

Rhodes added that because the 
ASElUAW is optimistic about the results 
of the election, it will be surveying TAs 
and electing a team of representatives 
before the end of tlie quarter so that it can 
begin collective bargaining soon after the 
results are announced. 

Rhodes also said that she and other 
union members have been talking to TAs 
to inform them of the benefits of union-
ization. 

Chancellor Robert Dynes said that 
while he opposes TA unionization, he 
will support the results of last week's 
elections. 

"If students vote for representat ion, 
we will begin to bargain," Dynes said. h[ 
personally hope it doesn't come to that." 

Dynes added that he and Vice 
See VOTE, Page 3 

Revelle Honors Outstanding Graduating Seniors 
FAREWELL: Students 
recognized for hard work 
and accomplishments 
By LeeM SMnkar 
News Editor 

Revelle college recognized 
academically outstanding gradu-
ating seniors at its [6th annual 
honors banquet last Friday 
evening. Top students of all class-
es as well as dozens of faculty 
and staff attended the banquet 

which was held at the Faeu[ty 
Club. 

Revelle Provost Thomas Bond 
said that this year's graduating 
seniors are very impressive. 

"It's another spectacular class, 
not just academically but co-curric-
u[arly as well," he said. 

Revelle college Dean Renee 
Barnell-Terry, who also attended 
the banquet, said she enjoys recog-
nizing the seniors through this 
event. 

"It's just always a great time of 

celebration recognIZIng the 
accomplishments of these excep-
tionally outstanding students," 
she said. '" always feel privileged 
to be a part of the honors ban-
quet." 

Three top seniors presented 
speeches and reflected on their time 
at UCSD. Mateen Akhtar, a top bio-
chemistry/ceil biology major 
attending UCSD School of 
Medicine this fall, gave advice to 
the first- , second- and third-year 
students. 

"College is a safe haven for us 
to test our developing ideas, 
explore and mature both intellec-
tually and personally," Akhtar 
said. "Don't be afraid to make 
mistakes. Just like we could not 
have [earned to walk without 
falling several times, making mis-
takes is an essential part of [earn-
ing." 

Akhtar also added that the audi-
ence members should remember 
how fortunate they are. 

See BANQUIT, Page 7 



2 NEWS 

UCSD Student 
Foundation Formed 
DONATION: Alum gave 
$100,000 to connect 
students to univer ity 
By Uly Korman 
Staff Writer 

UCSD rece ived a $ 100.000 
donation from UCSD alum Marc 
Brullen to es tabli sh a UCSD 
SlUdent Foundation. The purpose 
of this foundalion is to introduce 
slUdents to philanlhropic enterpri s-
e and the workings of educalional 
foundations. 

Brullen graduated from Muir 
College in 1979 and is currently a 
rea l estate managing partner with 
the Shidler Group. 

Brullen stated that donaling the 
money to establi sh the UCSD 

tud-ent Foundation was a means of 
"reaching out to aspiring studenls 
with business acumen and offering 
them a way to connect to the uni-
vcr ity." 

Student trustees wi II he respon-
sible for in vesting the seed money. 
raising additional funds to invest 
and distributing the income from 
investment earnings. Studenls will 
gain the opportunity to invest and 
earn income. Brullen said he hopes 
th is inw me can be used for student 
~cho l a rsh ips . Brullen will serve as 
a studenl foundation mentor and 
said he looks fo rward to being able 
"to interact wi th students: ' 

The idea for the CSD SlUdcn t 
Foundation was hrough t to 
Brullen's allen tion by Vice 
Chancellor fo r External Relations 
lim Langley. who said Ihal a ~imi -

lar program established at Georgia 
In ·titute of Technology wa benefi -
cial. Langley served as Georgia 
Tech's vice president for ex ternal 
affairs prior to coming to UCSD. 

Langley said that the donation 
will enable sLUdents to become 
more involved in the administra-
tion of a foundation. 

"The student foundation allows 
students the opportunity to bewme 
full y invol ved with the administra-
ti on of the university," Langley 
said . "They learn tirst hand what it 
takes to run a foundation, the 
importance of philanthropy to the 
uni versity and the realiti es of 
in vesting and fund-raising. They 
learn how to make things happen." 

Trustees se lected to serve on the 
student foundation will functi on 
under the authorit y of and meet 
onen with members of the UC San 
Diego Foundation. which was 
establ ished in 1972 to help UCSD 
obtain pri vate gifts thai support 
research. teaching and puhlic ser-
vice. and to help the uni versity 
manage the assets of those gifts. 

Applications to serve as sLUderu 
trus t ee~ arc being accepted through 
June 4. UCSD undergraduate or 
graduate students of any major and 
in good academic standing may 
apply. Applicants should have expe-
rience in and/or be moti vated to 
learn about philanthropy, fund rai. -
ing and investment management. 

''Trustees must be interested in 
the uni versity'S future and philan-
th ropic needs." the Foundation's 
Chic)' Financia l Officer Marl ene 

See TRUSTEES, Page 3 

WALT DICKINSON 
Editor in Chief 

JULIA KULLA·MADER II MEGAN SMITH 
Mallugin.q EditnrJ 

TABITHA GRANSHAW II LAURA KNIGHTEN 
Q;,py Editor.' 

LEENA SHANKAR & ERIKA SNIDER 
Neu's Editors 

JESSICA SCHEPP MANN 
Feutures Editor 
MARC COMER 
Opinion Editor 

WARD HAN 
Associate Opinion f:ditor 

JAKE GORDON & JOHN MAYNARD 
Sports Editor.< 
TRAVIS HILL 

Associute Sports Editor 

UNDSAY SWORSKI 
Ilialus Editor 

DAVID LEE 
'!ssociute Hiatus Editor 

USA HUFF 
Photo f;ditor 
JUUUS CHDI 

iIs.<nciate Photo Editor 
JOHN BARBER 

Graphics Editor 
NICK RUNCO 
IJesign /:"ditor 

BRIAN WIKNER 
~~eh Editor 

EDITORIAL ASSISTANTS Vincent Gragnanl . NIIOU Mostofi. Scott Sh,tnlta 
SENIOR STAFf' WRITERS 

John Barber. Jeff Barker. 8111 Burger. Theodore OokMo. Vincent GragnaOl. Mary Higgins. Laura 
tc.nlghten. Arvlam Manthlram. Nliou Mostofl. Jenny Nicholson. Simone Santini . Mark Smith. 

Tommy VU. Scott Yager _ 
STAFf' WRITERS 

.Jema Barclay. Shaman Castle. Brent Don. Bertrand Fan, Brooke Garrenson, Jennifer Grad)'. 
.Jeremy Gray. Sola Ktm. Ardy MyriCk. Chnstlne Pangan. JacOb Schprhter. Eve Senury 

IUUSTRATORS 
Mike Belle. Kristine Chang. Austin HSla. Alice Lin. Joe Pan. Josephine Roberts . Nicholas Runco 

DESIGNER Karen Tran 
COPY READER Alison Noms 

WEB DESIGNERS Sam Payne.Tlngleff. Mark Slickel 
COMPUTER SUPPORT DaVid Glicksman 

ANN BAREFIELD fiu.;int!'<s Mana,qer 
MIKE MARTINEZ 

IIdverlisin,q Art Director 
YVETTE ALCALA 

A<si,tunt fiusiness Manu.II'" 
ADVERTISING ASSISTANT Melody Gonzales 

CIRCUlAnl* ASSISTANTS 
Jason Allen. Phillip Gotdman. Jake Inchch. Jacob Meyberg. Brady Phelps . Nate Smith 

ADYERTISING DESIGN. LAYOUT John Barber. Casey Bwtenhuys. Katie t<eenan. Sky Frostenson 

The UCSD Guardl8f1 IS publtstled Mondays and Thursdays dunng the academiC year by and for 
the students Of UCSO. Reproduction of thiS newspaper In any form. whether In whole or In 
par t. WIthOut permission IS Strictly prohibited. C 1999. all nghts reserved . The UCSD Guardian 
IS not responSible for the return of unsolicited manuscripts or ar t . The ViewS e)lpressed herein 
do not necessanly represent the OOlnlons of The UCSD Guardian. the UniverSity of California or 
the ASSOCiated Students. The UCSD Guardian IS funded solely by advertiSing. 
rime to get In hoe fOf EpiSOde Two 

News/Features: 534·5226. General EditOrial : 534-6581 
OPInion/Sports: 534·6582. Hiatus: 534-6583 
Advertlsmg OffICe: 534-3466. Fa.: 534·7691 

e·mall : gUBrtJlanliPucsd eelu 
Guardian Online : hIlO://WWW.ucsd.ccJu/guardlan/ 

UCSD Guardian, 9500 Gilman Drive 0316, 
La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 

Actual location' Second Roor. UCSO Studenl Center BUilding ·A·. Rm . 217 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, May 24, 1999 

ETCETERA ••• 
BY JOHN BaRBeR 

BRIEFLY ••• 

Cornelius to Address Immigration 
Dr. Wayne Cornelius , director of the Center for 

Comparative Studies. will speak Monday at 8 p.m. 
on "Ambivalent Reception : Economics , Culture , 
Ethnicity, and the Politics of Immigration in the 
United States, " in the Pepper Canyon Lodge at 
Roosevelt College. 

This will be the last International Affairs Group 
meeting of the year. 

Cornelius is also past director of the Center for 
U.S.·Mexican studies, past director of the Latin 
American Studies Program and a professor in the 
political science department. 

For more information, e·mail aking@ucsd.edu. 

Harvard Professor to Address 
History of MId-East Politics 

Peter Machinist, the Hancock Chair of Hebrew and 
Other Oriental Languages at Harvard University, will 
give a speech titled, "Ancient History in Modern 
Middle Eastern Politics." The lecture will be held at 
Hojel Auditorium of the Institute of the Americas on 
Monday at 7 p.m. 

For more information, call 5344551. 

Cross Cultural Center 
Celebrates 4th Blrthelay 

The Cross Cultural Center will host programs 
throughout the week in celebration of the its fourth 
year on campus. 

The week will begin with an Asian Film Festival on 
Monday from noon to 10 p.m. On Tuesday, Paul 
Drake, acting director of C.R.E.A.T.E., will host a forum 
on outreach efforts titled "The UniverSity's Role in the 
Community.· On Thursday, there will be an All People's 
Celebration from 5 p.m. to 8 p.m. On Friday, the Cross 
Cultural Center and other groups will host a Family Day 
Barbecue from 11 a.m. to 2 p.m. 

All events are free. For more information, call 534· 
9689. . 

New Club to Discuss Issues of 
Evolution and Creation 

The Intelligent Design and Evolution Awareness 
club (I.D.E.A.) will meet this Tuesday from 4 p.m. to 6 
p.m. in the Student Leadership Chambers on the third 
floor of the Price Center. The club will meet again on 

June 1 from 4 p.m. to 6 p.m. in the Berkeley Room on 
the second floor of the Price Center. 

The club was formed in the wake of student desire 
to discuss creation and evolution issues after a lec-
ture last month by Philip Johnson, a Berkeley profes· 
sor who spoke on the problems of Darwinism. The 
club is committed to discuss these issues in a calm 
and friendly atmosphere where individuals can feel 
free to speak their personal views. 

For more information, EH'llail idea@ucsd.edu. 

Forum on NATO War In 
Yug,slavla to Be Held Thursday 

There will be an open forum on the NATO war in 
Yugoslavia on Thursday at 4 p.m. in HSS 2250. 

Speakers will make wesentations and accept 
questions from the audience. The list of speakers 
includes Adriana Bejko, Albanian-born director of 
International Student Services at Point Loma 
Nazarene University; Ellen Commlso, professor of 
political science and specialist in East European poli· 
tics; James Goldsborough, columnist from the San 
Diego Union Tribune; Milos Kokotovic, Yugoslav-born 
assistant professor of literature; and Timothy 
McDaniel, professor of sociology and specialist on 
Russian society. Communications Professor Susan 
Davis will act as moderator. 

Physics Profenors Receive 
Research Fellowships 

fwo physics professors have been recently 
announced as the winners of fellowships to pursue 
their research. 

Assistant Professor of PhYSics Dimitri Basov was 
recently awarded a grant by the National Science 
Foundation to research superconductivity in anisotrop-
ic intermetallic compounds. The grant is for $85,000 
per year for five years. 

The grant is part of the Faculty Early Career 
Development (C.A.R.E.E.R.) program which empha-
sizes the early development of academic careers ded-
icated to stimulating the discovery process. 

Associate Physics Professor Terence Hwa was 
named a Fellow of the John Simon Guggenheim 
Memorial Foundation. Hwa will receive $33,000 to 
study statistical mechanics of biopolymer association 
during the next year. 

Monday, May 24. 1999 

VOTE: 70 
percent of TAs at 
Berkeley voted 
ContInued from ..... 1 
Chancellor of Research Richard 
Attiyeh have been working to edu-
cate students on various issues. 

" ) hope they understand what 
they are voting for and against and 
how it will affect them." Dynes 
said. "Certainly we have been feed-
ing them different perspectives." . 

On May 13. the Public 
Employment Relations Board 
(PERB), announced that TAs at 

REGENTS: 
UCSD parking 
structures approved 
ContInued from PIIC. 1 
the structures was vital to the contin-
uing expansion of the campus, espe-
cially in light of Roosevelt College's 
move to North Campus. 

"That parking structure is 
absolutely necessary for us to bui Id 
Eleanor Roosevelt College." Dynes 
said. "All the regents understood 
that we can ' t go forward in (he con-
struction of the college without the 
parking structure." 

Later at the regents meeting. the 
Committee on Educational Policy, 
chaired by Connerly. was interrupt-
ed by students protesting the 1995 
repeal of affirmative action in the 
UC system, a decision known as 
SP- I and SP-2. 

As the committee meeting 
began, a group of students began 
chanting. "Repeal SP- I . repeal SP-
I ." They continued to chant as they 
filed out of the meeting hall. 

Another protester interrupted 
the regents later in the meeting. 

"Look at this room. it's all white 
people." 

As the protester left, he referred 
to Connerly and called him a " pup-

TRUSTEES: 
Students will learn 
rules of investing 
ContInued from PIIC. 2 
Shaver said. "When they can pro-
mote that, they can help other stu-
dents understand as well ." 

Shaver also said that the founda-

Parll •••••••••••••• $692 
Frankfllrt •••••••• $715 
Alasterdam ••••• $ ... 

M-.w~ ........... .$7. 
All ...... "",nd-11tp. Tax not--' 

IaIne __ OIJIIIY. CST 1100T8e041O 

270-1750 
4475 ................. ' 

UII DIDO 

ST/j 
STA TRAVEL 

WI'W~""" 
www.statravel.com 

Berkeley voted for union represen-
tation by a margin of 833 to 293. 
Over 70 percent of the campus' 
1,600 TAs voted. 

Ricardo Ochoa. president of 
AGSEIUAW. said he was pleased 
with the election results. 

" We were ecstatic," Ochoa said. 
"We' ve been fighting forthis for 16 
years. It was a huge margin of vic-
tory and it was a huge turnout." 

Ochoa said that the AGSElUAW 
held a meeting to clect a bargaining 
team the day results were 
announced. He added that the union 
in the process of surveying its 
members to determine what their 

pet ," 
Student Regent Max Espinoza 

said he supported the tudents' 
right to present issues of concern to 
the regents. 

"I delinitely think it's important 
for students to voice their con-
cerns." Espinoza said. "I ' m gener-
ally very supportive of students 
doing that in a nonviolent fashion." 

Espinoza added that whi le he 
agrees with some of the points 
brought up by the protesters, his 
responsibility is to work for the 
state as a regent. 

"It is a liitle awkward, being a 
student on the board of regents, to 
be on the other side of the table," 
Espinoza said. "1 happen to share 
many of the concerns the protesters 
share." 

The Committee on Educational 
Policy listened to a pre entation 
regarding undergraduate research 
at the University of California. 

A paoket handed out at the meet-
ing outlined the various research 
opportunities available at each of 
the undergraduate campuses. 

For example. the packet 
described the Undergraduate 
Research Apprentice Program at 
UC Berkeley, in which over 400 
undergraduates each year serve as 
apprentices to faculty on research 

tion will give students the opportu- . 
nity to learn the rules of investing. 

"Students 'should be interested 
in investing because they will 
invest money under the guidance of 
the Foundation and make alloca-

·tion decisions." Shaver added. 
Shaver also said that this experi -

ence will give students a chance to 
give back to the campus. 

The UCSD Guardian 

bargaining demands will include. 
Earlier this year, TAs at UCLA 

voted to be represented by the' 
Student Association of Graduate 
Employees/United Auto Workers 
(S .A .G.E.IUAW). 

Ochoa said he hopes that victo-
ries at UCLA and Berkeley will set 
a trend for elections at other UC 
campuses. 

"We really think thi s gives us a 
lot of momentum for other campus-
es." Ochoa said. "Academic 
Student Employees at UCLA spoke 
very strongly. We followed that up 
just as strongly. This is a statewide 
movement." 

projects in the humanities, social 
sciences, phy ical and biological 
sciences, as well as in the profes-
sional schools and coll~ge . 

At UCSD, the Fac(;lty Mentor 
Program enables students to con-
duct two quarters of original 
research under faculty supervision. 
The packet stated that 209 students 
participated in the program in the 
1997-98 academic year. 

UCSD i s also home to 
Eal1hKam, a NASA-funded Mission 
Control project that enables middle 
school students to see Earth from an 
astronaut's per ·pecti ve. EarthKam is . 
run by undergraduates with the lead-
ership of faculty advisors and engi-
neers at the Johnson Space Center 
and the Jet Propulsion Laboratory. 

Judith Smith, vice provost of 
undergraduate education at UCLA, 
addressed the regents on under-
graduate research at UCLA. Two of 
her students also spoke about the 
importance of one-on-one research 
with faculty members. 

Smith said that 3,500 students at 
UCLA engage in research each year 
in a variety of departments. She 
added that providing financial sup-
port for undergraduates should be a 
top priority since many students are 
unable to conduct research because 
they have to work. 

"This demonstrates an opportu-
nity to be really involved with the 
university during an academic 
career and to fccl a great tic back to 
the institution as an alumni ," 
Shaver said. 

Applications to become student 
trustees are available at the web site 
"ttp:llwwlV-e r.ljcst/.edllie r/jollnda-
lion/applicalioll.IiIIll. 

NEWS 3 

457-3334 
8843 Villa La Jolla 

La Jolla 
Nur S .. vonlWhol. Foods ",Iet. 

DEDICATION of 
1999 CLASS PLAQUE 

Thursday, May 2 7 
Noon-12:15 p.m. 

Library Walk/Price Center 
Everyone Welcome! 

Refreshments followed by Carillon Concert. 
'rll.1111 

UeSDIl. 
COSTA VERDE 

CENfER 
F ASllON VALLEY 

CENTER 
8650 GENESEE AVE. ST!. 220 NEAl Sm FtfTH AVENUE 
(619,452.7374 (619'295·0537 
Brown Eyes fa Blue, Green, Hazel 

OLORED 
CONTACTS 

FreshLook Colors with purchase of 2 boxes 
of dear FreshLook disposables. 

EXTENDED WEAR DISPOSABLE LENSES 

$99** $129** 
1 00 PAIRS PLUS EXAM 2 PAIRS B&L FW COMPLETE $229~:MPLETE .. Alt speciol. includ. I.n •••. exom: .yecore kil ond fo llow up vi.il. A.ligmotic I. nse. high.r. Nol volid will. any olh.r oR.r. OR." •• pir. 6/30/99. 



4 OPINION 

John Barber & Kristine Chang/Guardian 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, May 24. 1999 

··PINIO·N 
n the past 20 years the term "feminist" has become a heavy 
word, loaded with meaning. The stereotype of a man-hating, 
droopy breasted, slightly ignorant "femi-nazi" bra burner who 
does not shave her legs is associated with the label. 

Forgollen are the women who forged the pathways that we 
now follow. who were proud to speak out on relevant issues 
and who were as adept as any man LO debate Lhe topic of 

equality. 
Or are they? 
Drew Barrymore, a woman whom many admire for her individual-

ity, spirit and political opinions, claims to be an '.'equalist," rather than 
a feminist, because she likes men. A lot of women and men share this 
ideology or one similar to it. Too often, though, people automatically 
assume that self-proclaimed feminists hate men. 

Well. using this logic. I would be an equalist too. Feminism isn ' t 
ahoul a superiority complex: it is about equality. 

However. there are too many statistics, too many stories, too many 
siluations which demonstrate that it isn't time to abandon the fight that 
women began decades ago. If the situation had changed so drastically 
that women were no longer struggling for justice and equality (sup-
posedly for all), then the term "equalis\" might be acceptable. But the 
fact remains thai it is not. 

When I was younger, my mother asked me if I was a feminist. I told 
her Lhatl didn't know because I wasn' t exactly sure what a feminist wa ·. 

ow I have a beller idea. 
Despite stereotypical assumptions. feminists come from every race, 

sociocconomic background and even both genders. Some do "hate" 
men. bULthey have tbeir reasons. Feminists are not such unique crea-
lures that Lhey don ' t bave fathers, brotbers and male friends . Some are 
lesbians. some are bi-sexual and some are heterosexual. Some are 

transsexual. Some paint their nails, color their hair and even (God 
forbid!) wear bras and have. 

But some don ' t, and iL still doesn ' t mailer. It is not a 
woman or man's external appearance that demon-

trates their belief that men and women of every 
race, cla.ss and sexual orientation should be treated 
equally. 

The term "feminist" has also been associated with 
groups of elite, white women who have excluded or 

conveniently forgollen ~he efro" of their ister.l of 
color and of lower socioeconomic backgrounds. Recent 

efforts have tried 10 recognize and integrate the diver-
gent ballies of women who may only have their gender in 

common. An underlying thread of sisterhood isn't neces-
sarily the answer anymore. The answer is to recognize that 

women of color don ' t have to choose between the solidari-
ty they feel with women and the solidarity they feel with 

men. 
Ln the United States, gender is ingrained into our heads 

from the moment we are wrapped in a blue blanket and 
admired as handsome, or sheathed in a pink blanket while visi-

tors are cautioned, "Shhh, princess is sleeping." Other cultures 
also have similar ways of enforcing gender roles for children. 

From a personal standpoint, the term "feminist" was something I 
had to reconcile with my own internalized resistance to labels. But in 
taking up the term, I feel that I am taking a stand against the stereo-
types. At first, it wasn't a self-auributed label. It was just something 
that was thrown at me because I have strong opinions and am dedicat-
ed to the idea that I, personally, am just as good as, if oot beller thaa, 
most men at most things. . 

But as I explored the history of the women's movement and the di 
ferent aspects of it, I felt a certain pride in the fact that I am a woman 
and that I share a similar burden with over 50 percent of the popula-
tion. There is strength in numbers. 

I do have nurturing qualities, and sometimes I listen rather than talk, 
but for beueror worse I'm opinionated as hell. I'll never "settle down," 
but I may choose some day to get married. I'll never "act like a lady," 
or passively accept what is given to me, but I'd like to think that I still 
do have class. A!ld despite the fact thatI'll never go to school for it, I 
do have a certain charm. 

So why do I call myself a feminist? It's not just an issue of solidar-
ity. It's because there are too many reasons why I should be proud to 
work with other women and men in an effort to establish equality 
between the genders. 

First and foremost, I am a feminist because almost every woman I 
know has been sexually assaulted at leasl Ollce, usually by a friend or 
relalive. 

I am also a feminist ... 
Because in the 2oo-plus-year hi tory of the United States, we've 

nevcr had a female president, never elected a female vice president and 
only had two female Supreme Court justices. 

Because in 1999. ncaring the tum of the millennium, the number of 
women in political office is at an all-time high , but women still only 
hold nine percent of seats in the senate and 12.9 percent of the seats in 
the Hou~e . Women also hold only 27.6 percent of statewide elective 
executi ve offices across the country and 22.3 percent of offices in state 
Icgi latures. Despite these low percentages, the number of women 
serving in state legislatures has increased more than five-fold since 
1969. 

See FEMINISM, Page 6 

Monday, May 24. 1999 The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

NOMENClATURE NEEDS A NAME' NOT A NUMBER 

Like a lot of people. I was a lit-
tle bit confused when several 
strange stone monoliths staned 
cropping up all over campus about 
a month ago. 

Various experiments failed to 
reveal their purposes; they were too 
small to play racqu~tball on. they 
were too smooth to serve as climb-
ing walls and louching them failed to 
elevate me to a higher stage of evo-
lution a la "200 I : A Spac~ Odyssey." 

In time. of course, the .nystery 
of these ominous columns was 
resolved when people slarted stick-
ing signs on them. and we learned 
Ihat they are part of the school's 
SI.2 million signage program. 

Now when I'm driving through 
Warren, I know the exact instant 
when I cross into its territory. 

Now I'll never again forget that 
Fifth College is actually Eleanor 
Roosevelt College. 

Now I'll finally be able to refer 
to that one area of campus (you 
know. thaI one part - by that one 
building) as the Thealer District. 

How utterly useless. 
To think Ihat back in the day 

students actually complained when 
the university spent $1 million to 
construct the Library Walk. Hell, 
that thing is useful - I walk on it 
every day. 

ButI'm never going to use Ihese 
damn signs. 

Since the program is already 
well under way. and there's nothing 
we can do to stop it. now seems like 
a good time to point out how the 
money could have been better spent. 

We all know deep down inside, 
even if we don't want to admit iI, 
thai Ihe lack of parking on this 
campus will never be resolved, so 
there's not much point in spending 
the money on that. 

No. we need to set reasonable 
goals for ourselves. If we can't fix 
lhe parking siluation entirely, we 
might as welllix just one aspect of it. 

In particular, I'm thinking of the 
problem of the parking lots' names 
- or lack thereof. rather. 

Whose brilliant idea was it to 
give them all numbers? Nobody 
remembers those. Even the parking 
lots ·that have normal names are 
fairly useless. 

Saying "I' m parked in north 
parking," is kind of like saying 
"I'm parked in Los Angeles." 

In case you haven't nOliced, 
north parking covers enough area 
to justify instating it as a sixth col-
lege. Everyone is forced to come 
up with their own pet names for 
parking lots, none of which are 
even remotely simi lar to other peo-
ple 's nicknames. 

This is a major problem for any-
one who's ever tried to explain 
where their car is: 

"Where are you parked?" 

"502." 
"Which one is that?" 
"The canyon lot." 
"You mean the spaces on Ihe 

road alongside RIMAC?" 
"No, the lot in Warren." 
'The one by .mai I services?" 
"No, just off of Voigt drive -

you know." 
"Behind the apartments?" 
"No, no. by the Earl's Place cul-

de-sac." 
"Oh, I have no idea what you're 

talking about." 
I mean, come on, numbers 

aren't really that memorable. 
The only reason I can remember 

which lot is 502 is because it also 
happens to be the name of a 
Megadeth song. 

All of the lecture halls have 
calchy names like Center, Peterson, 
or H&SS, because if Ihey were 
named Lecture Hall I , Lecture Hall 
2 and ~o forth all of the freshmen 
wou ld have nervous breakdowns 
on Ihe firsl day of school trying 10 

figure oUl where their classes were. 
Why wasn ' l simi lar nomencla-

ture used for the parking lots? 
Since practically everything 

else on campus seems to be named 
after famous people, it only makes 
sense that we should have a Henry 
Ford Parking Lot, a Mario Andretti 
Parking Lot or the Director of 
Transponation and Parking 
Services Greg Snee Lot. 

So the next time the universily 
adminislrators have a million dollars 
lying around that they feel like wast-
ing, I recommend they do something 
useful with it and go around renam-
ing all the .parking lots. 

Then all of the visitors who 
were able to find their ways to the 
Medical Center thanks to the new 
spiffy monoliths will also be able to 
lind their ways back to their cars 
rather than wandering around for 
hours asking confused students 
where lot 751 is. 

Send comments and Letters to 
the Editor to guardian@ucsd.edu 

ow acceptinp, applicationsfor next year's commencement.,peaker. Cali Chanceli01- Robert Dynes at 534-3135. 

Robert A. Rees D.D.S. Cosmetic and Family Dentistry 
Soft and Gentle Dentistry • "We cater to the timid" 
All phases of Treatment Available: Cleanings/Exams. Non-Mercury Fillings. Crowns, 
Root Canals. Extractions. and Cosmetic Dentistry. We provide bleaching, too! 
Student Discounts Available. Insurance is Accepted. 

7761 Herschel Ave. In Downtown La Jolla 
C619) "5"-6181 Mon-Yhurs 7am-2pm 

Check us out at: www.RobertReesDDS.com 

r-----~FR£rTOWING I Minor Tune Up t, • ___ -:. ::n:"""'. 1-. ....... 
Special Brake Job ~. I Our tune up Incl'" , lot more Reg. III . Special ..... 110' I thIIn ottrer.. It Include.: I 
1. NEW Spark plugs 7. Check brakes ~ Front or rNr. Brake Job Include.: 12. Check Dis1rtlutor p,;nts 8. Check cMt:h ' I 1. ,,.11" ~ont pIdI or nllr shoes _I 3. Check DiIIrbutor 9. Check liglts ~ 2. Drain old brlic8 lkIid I ,1X1I'IIItentor 10. Check INldercarriage I 3. Inspect hyciaulit system • I 
Udjust lining for damage ~ 4. RefltI hydraulic tIuid ••• 

~. Check and replenish 11. Check cooling system I 5. Bteed brllce system • • • I t~ ~~f1uicI and oil levels & hoses ~ 6. Adjust ~ont (~ shoes) lind rear shoei : ..... stdweftangle 12. Road test ~ROIdijtesiilt ..... r-I g-=~t-MaJOrservlce 'G -
IE.". for ,.,.,·lnjet:ted c_ Ow",." NtYIce Inc'"..: Reg. .110 I I 

1. Now opMpkIgI 12. ~dIoIIIangie 24. Ubtfl •• Und V 011 12. NowArIitlr 11~ CIIIuIIcIr 25.Cllecikrloaeenoa'bdIs I I lNowaol"... 14. ~Iir-lcHuolr....... 2I.Clleci Ir1U --Change I4.CIIangt"""aoI I~ChIck......, 27.Clleciundeo:.,.krdlrNge I - I 5. Now I ... ,.. 11.Ched<_ 21. ClleciandrecNrvtblllery._ & 
I

lChlckdolrNlrpornll 17.~_ 2t.RatIII __ _ 
7. ChlckdillllM.bcondtnl« lLChIck_ 30. Cllecilit pmsurt I 10 point I l~1IIt 19",,*,,"" 31.UbtdoorNngn • 

I ~o~='=t ~:==~_ ~==~&... I Safety Check I 
111_~ ~==~bIb :. ~~sytIIm I Special I a..:-: _lar~.~,_.............. . ~ 
~------nmr,---~---I ~~~~C4h ~~~~~~!.I!!~ ~e:!.a!.. .:.: 
I ~: :: =aring ::~ __ ion 011 Extended Warranty . 
L==-=:'-:::::::'.J 15, 30, 45, 60, 75, & 90k service 
"Moat ca .... Wllh Ihit Id. e.pir •• 817199 . '--WllIOOH MirInw RoI. 
.. _ pelt .. AaIIIbouI our 11* .... on......... * 1. 

A 
MONDAYS Be 
THURSDAYS 

AI our worII h8s • 2-WNr or 2O,OCJO.mIIe Ilmlllcl wermIIy. ~ Dierieas ® · " ... ,:..' 2 SHOWINGS EACH NIGHT - 7&10 pm ONL Y $2 admission Aato_ive Repair . 8008-8 Miramar Road. 
, •••• 1 695·1990 . CONCESSIONS A ~AILABLE 1"0" mO"l' info 

cd I :l.) + E f):'\ , \ 



6 OPINION The UCSD Guardian 

FEMINISM: 
UTIFUL SMILES MADE HERE Obstacles still need 

to be overcome 

Because despite the fact that 
they are well over one percent of 
the world's population, women 
barely own one percent of the 
world 's property. 

,:Vtlsnrzebrc and Orthodontic 
Using Video Imaging 

2 -1 007 ~:::51:~~~:: 

Continued from page 4 
Because though we celebrated 

the year of the woman (1992) due 
to the number of women represen-
tatives in government, that was still 
only 10 percent. 

Because I hate the book Tire 
Rilles. 

Because I was one of the junior 
high girls who was "tracked" out of 
the advanced math program. 

Because it took the Japanese 
ministry of health six months to 
approve Viagra, but the petition for 
an updated version of the birth con-
trol pill , one that would not pro-
mote blood dots in the bodies of 
the women taking it , has been 
pending for over two decades. 

Because in the 30-year history 
of the Gllardian, there have only 
been two female Editors in Chief. 

Because. in China, stringent 
birth control regulations combined 
with cultural favoritism of male 
children result in families that abort 
or kill female babies. 

Because the financial and emo-
tional burden often rests entirely on 
women to support children, yet 
there arc those who would take 
away my choice of whether or not 
to have a baby. 

Because I have to carry pepper 
spray in order to feel safe walking 
to my car at night. 

$55* - - - - - - .- - - - - - - i Exam, Cleaning, & I 
Because in Kosovo women arc 

I raped by soldiers as a way of pun-
ishing men. 

Because, according to the 
Surgeon General , domestic vio-
lence is the leading ca\lse of injury 
to women between ages of 15 to 
24, more common than automobile 
accidents, muggings ... and cancer 
deaths combined. 2 Check-U X-Rays : Because all women and all men of color could not be naturalized as 

ci ti zens of the United States until 
1967. 

Lecture Meetings: 

Hours per Subject: 

Verbal and Writing: 
Physics: 

General Chemistry: 
Organic Chemistry: 

Biology: 

Practice Materials: 

Do Students Keep a Complete 
Set ofCoune Materials? 

Does the Course Use Audi~ 
or Video-taped Lectures in 

AnyWay? 

Number of Proctored Full-
Length Tests: 

Number of Additional Full-
Length Tests: 

Does Class Provide AAMC's 
Latest OfIIcial MCAT t 

Practice Test IV? 

Course Cost: 

41 

, 

22.5 Hours 
22.5 Hours 
20 Hours 
15 Hours 

22.5 Hours 

Because women in the United 
States sti II only earn 71 cents for 
each dollar men earn. 

Because every IS seconds a 
woman is battered in the United 
States by her husband, boyfriend or 
live-in panner. 

Because one-fifth to one-third 

Kaplan 
18 

9 Hours 
9 Hours 
9 Hours 
9 Hours 
9 Hours 

Equal to 30 MCATs. Equal to 17~CATs 

YES , NO 

NO YES 

5 5 
. 

11 2 

YES ? 

51,095 51,099 

~, '. ~''--'''-. ~I ~.~ •• .." ~~." -""'!:::I 
Jv.Iedical division of THE PRINCETON REVIE"" 

619.558.0500 www.review.com800.MD.BOUND 
. , 

Monday, May 24, 1999 

of all women are physically abused 
during their lifetime. 

Because of the eight percent of 
homicides that are committed by 
women, S I percent of those are in 
self-defense. 

Because I don't think you can 
base a person's academic or intel-
lectual capability based on their 
body's biological make-up - just 
ask Helen Keller or Stephen 
Hawking. 

Because there are groups like 
the Promise Keepers that associate 
men dominating the domestic 
sphere, socially and economically, 
with a return to morality. 

Because television and other 
media are filled with misogynistic 
images of women as passive sexual 
objects, sending women the mes-
sage that their wonh is based on 
their looks, skin quality and ability 
to keep their man interested by not 
appearing too interested them-
selves. 

There is a saying that goes, 
"Feminism is the radical notion that 
women are people." Perhaps it is an 
over-simplification of a long politi-
cal struggle, but in a way, it's true. 

You' re not a feminist because ... 7 
Send comments and Letters to 

the Editor to guardian@ucsd.edu 

. I .-
;J~_' __ 
-. -

, . 

GuardIan AdvertISing 534-3466 

INTRODUCING THI 
twO-YEAR ARMY 
COLLIGI FUND 

PWS PROGRAM. 
This program is a great way to 

earn money for college and have a 
guaranteed part-time job while 
you're in coUege. 

FtrSt, you serve just two years 
in the Active Army. You'D earn 
$26,500 to pay for conege, throueh 
the Montgomety G.I. BiD plus the 
Army College Fund, and learn a 
valuable skill 

Then, after your active service, 
you'D have a guaranteed part-time 
job waiting fur you in an Anny 
Resene or Army National Guard 
unit while attending college. This 
will require one weekend a IDOnth 
plus two weeks of traininJr, u-oy 
in the summer. You'D earn :\bout . 
$2,500 a year. ThIt'. pretty good 
for a pm-time job. 

AIao, now you can choo8e from 
an eJp8Ilded lilt of apecialties, 
including hi8h-tecb communica-
tions and mechanics, if you qua1if:y. 

This prorratU is not available in 
aD areas. So caD your local Army 
Recruiter to get aD the detaila. 

Pacific Beach 
619-488 .. 2781 

ARMY. 
II ALL lOU CAM 81: 

_.goarmy.com 

7 NEWS 

BANQUET: 
Three student 
speakers give advice 
ContInued frOlll ..... 1 

"Our higgest worries are 
upcoming final exams and finding 
a way to get tickets to 'The 
Phantom Menace.' whereas many 
people in the world arc hungry. 
being driven from their homes or ' 
bauling severe illness." Akhtar 
said. 

Another top graduate who 
spoke, Tracy Quan. majored in 
earth sciences from the chemistry 
and biochemistry department and 
will be continuing her studies in 
chemical oceanography at the 
Massachusetts Institute of 
Technology/Woods Hole pro-
gram. She also has a fellowship 
from the National Science 
Foundation. 

"Everyone who graduates is a 
success for having lasted four or 
more years at a tough college." 
Quan said. ·'Certainly. we arc all 
successes for getting into this place 
to begin with ." 

Quan also imparted advice to 
the students at the hanquet. 

"Set priorities." she said. "No one 
is a Superman. and l'our years is a 
long time to be studying constantly. 
Be proud of where you have been 
and where you're going and take the 
time to enjoy where you are." 

The third top graduate to speak 
was Erik Sudderth, an electrical 
engineering major who has 
played solo trumpet in the UCSD 
jazz ensemhle for four years. 
Pursuing a Ph .D. at 
Massachusetts Institute of 
Technology starting this fall, 

Sudderth said volunteering with 
elementary school students has 
heen one of his best experiences 
during his undergraduate years. 

"1 think tliat if every college 
student would give just a few 
hours of their time to help with 
these efforts, they could do an 
enormous amount of good and 
have a lot of fun in the process," 
he said. 

He also gave advice to students 
in his speech. 

"11' there's one universal truth 
ahout college. I think it's that 
there's never enough time to do 
everything that you want," 
Suddenh said. "Don ' t let studying 
get in the way of learning." 

In addition to the student 
speeches, Associate Vice-
Chancellor of Academic Affairs 
David Miller offered remarks to 
the crowd and recounted the his-
tory of UCSD and Revelle col-
lege. 

"For a brief period of time. they 
called rUCSDl UC La Jolla which 1 
kind of like," he said. 

He also said that it is difficult to 
measure success in a college educa-
tion. 

"Alumni feel that we need to 
enrich communication skills -
speaking and Writing," Miller said. 
"How do you measure success in 
general education'? It 's really diffi-
cult.'· 

Revelle seniors Penni Takade 
and Chelsie Byrnes were 
announced as the recipients of the 
Award l'or Excellence in 
Academics and Student 
Leadership. 

Faculty members who attended 
the event said that it was a pleasure 
for them to be ahle to recognize 

eultural !J)j~ rsity 
Thai 

Italian 
Korean 
German 
Chinese 
Mexican 
BraZilian 
Californian 

The UCSD Guardian 

students. 
"It's a wonderful way to recog-

nize the seniors and reward the 
hardworking students," Chemistry 
Professor Barbara Sawrey said. 
"The faculty feel its an honor to 
be here. These graduating seniors 
put the faculty to shame ... they 
juggle so much - research. 
TAing, high grades, volunteer 
work ." 

Biology Professor Paul Salt man 
said that he enjoys teaching stu-
dents. 

"The joy of teaching is the joy 
of seeing students become passion-
ate about what I'm passionate 
about," Salt man said. 

In addition to recognition for 
seniors, the first Chris Norris 
prize was awarded to the top ec-
ond-year humanities student in 
the fi ve-quarter sequence. 
Humanities professor John 
Marino introduced the new award 
which has been named in honor of 
humanities professor and discus-
sion leader Christine Norri s who 
passed away last fall. He 
announced Charae Marie Gibbs as 
the first winner. 

"I'm shocked and honored," 
Gibbs said about receiving the 
1Iward. "Humanities has delinitely 
been one of my more favorite c1ass-
cs . ~' 

Bond stated that the Revelle col-
lege curriculum places an intensive 
educational burden on students but 
that this liberal arts education will 
benefit the students. 

"Not easy - it is not intended 
to be - and you are to be compli-
mented for your successful effons 
to achieve these lofty goals," he 
stated in the program for the 
evening. 

Monday, May 24, 1999 

<Free coffee is just one of tlie many conveniences 
we pruvUie foryou at Copy cruo! 

NIHId A Z4 Hou, PIII~e 
Fo, You, Group Study? 

Our conference room also accommoaaus up to 10 peopfe, 
in a quiet professWna{ environment 

aesi(Jnetf to ret you wor~ 

I/Po" 
" 6. ., Conference Room ~wL Rentills (Regularly $15/hr.) 

Costa Verde ShoppinS Center' 8650 Genesee Ave., Ste. 200 
4:17-9:100 Off'er expires June 1 S, 1999 

rm(l~ 
New' York $329 Amsterdam $4 75 
Boston 
Chl~o 
London 
Paris 

$329 Costa Rica $458 
$329 Uma $260 
$398 T~o $439 
$448 Ban~ok $739 

Far" do not include tales lind are subtect to avalabillty. Fares 
ml'j require student or teacher elClbl tlty. Fare may be 8pplCable 
to IIlIon tf.veled. Please ask your agenL ........... ~_ 

UCSD Price Center 
9500 Gilman Drive (819) 452-0830 

.... : c:-I~cIM·orc La Jolla CA 92093-0076 

The Berkeley Review Providesj 
10 Weeks or Review And Testing or 
Important M CAT "'Ull\''''''~ ,-l-w-I''''-II--,~vN 

Exceptional Instructors For Each or 
The Six Topic Areas or The MCAT~.,J-..,N 
Excellent Review Materials That You 
Get To Keep And Take IlUIIII • ..J.-.,J. .... J.....JI....J--..L.I 

1 ~800·622·8827 
www.berkeley-review.com 



8 CALENDAR The UCSD Guardian Monday. May 24. 1999 

THE WEEKLY CALENDAR 
FINE ARTS 

Mond.y, M.y 2 .... Wedne.d.y, M.y 26 
• 4:30 p.m. Visual Arts Facil~y Performance Space. New 
WrMIng S.IM: Spring 11181. Contemporary writers and 
poets of national and international acclaim will read from their 
works. 

Mond.y, M.y 24 
• 8 p.m. Warren lecture Hall. Gr ...... Student Festlv8l: 
Three nights organized collectively by New Music Forum 

(compos~ion), Perfonners Forum (Performance) , and CSEP 
Forum (Critical Studies Experimental Practicas). 

Tue.d.y, M.y 25 
• 8 p.m. Erickson Hall. Gr8clullte Student FeMIvaI- l\INnII-
8th Century Music Conc:ert: Music 201 sutdents perfonn 
under the direction of Rand Steiger. $51$3. 

Wednesd.y, M.y 26 
• 8 p.m. Warren lecture Ha" , Studio A. ~ Student 
Festival- Music Tec:hnoIogy Concert: Miller Pucklllte and 
his students, along w~ music faculty, plug into new and sel-
dom heard compos~ions from the world of hkjl tech. $51$3. 

Frld.y, M.y 28-Stlturd.y, M.y 29 
• 8 p.m. Mandeville Aud~orium . " .... Worb SprIng o.nc. 
Concert," Presented by the UCSD Dept. of Theatre and 
Dance, a popular annual event showcaaing the talent of stu-
dent dancers and choreographers featurings nine works rang· 
ing from modem dance to ballet and hazz. $12 general ad-
mission, $10 UCSD faculty/Sldlseniors, $6 students. 

Sunchly, M.y 30 
• 8 p.m. Erickson Hall. Violin IIIId VIot8 Recbl: Students of 
Janos Nagyesy and Paivikki Nykter perfonn a mixed program. 
Free ' 

ACADEMIC SERVICES 
Ongoing 

• Study Abr08d In 1999nOOOIIi The Programs Abroad Of· 
fice offers ongoing advising for students interested in inter-
national opportun~ies . vlS~ our offica and library in the Inter-
national Center or call 534-1123. 
• Prognom for lhe Study of Religion UncIergrIcIuIa De-
gree Information: The Program for the study of Religion wilt 
hold open ollice hours for prospective students who wish to 
leam more about the recently revised interdisciplinary major, 
double major and minor requirements in the 'Study of Reli-
gion-. Stop by Program 0IIice, HSS 5045, ~ 9 a.m. 
and noon any Wednesday this quarter III your ~"'ICII. 
For more info call the Study of Religion's Office at 534-8849 
or visil the website at http://orpheus.ucsd.edulhistoryi 
religion.html. 

HEALTH & FITNESS 
Ongoing 

• STUDENT HEALTH is here for YOUI We're a full service 
clinic open to All registered students. You don~ need health 
Insurance 10 use our seNicasl Appointments for physician 

vis~s and specialty clinics- call 534-8089. Walk-in to Urgent 
Care weekdays 8am-4:3Opm (Wed 9-4:3Opm) . 
• Men·.1*IIh Info Seulonl available from Student Health 
Advocales. leam about your sexual health. STD's, birth con-
trol, and general health. Walk in session at Student Health on 
Fridays at 11a.m. - or call 822·1345 for individual appoint-
ments. 

• Emergency Contra-
(;.,,1100, annual ex-
ams, STD lests, preg-
nancy tests, birth con-
trol prescriptions, & 

hea~h education -

• Annonymoua 
le,lIng al Student 
Health! Walk in to sign 
up at lhe HeaMh An-
nex, first floor. $10 
charge includes pre-
and post- counseling . 
Questions? Call a 
health educator at 
534-2419. 

Nee d 
CONOOIIS?7?7 Get 
'ern cheap III the Stu-
dent He., PNumacy. 
• ChoIIItIroI ,... at Student Health - sign up at the first 
floor bulletin board for your appointment A seH-teat that takas 
only a few minoAes of your timet $5 fee . 
• FReE NuIrIIIon CounaIIIng at Student HMlthI Your lIP-
pointJl*'It includes a computerized, personal ..-,t. 
MIlke your appointment today! Call 534-8089. 
.1IudInI .... II here for YOUl We'r •• full MMca clinic 
open to All registered lIudent1. You don~ need hIIIIth in-
eurance to use our servicesl AppoIntments lor phyIIc:ian vil-
a and specialty ctnicI - cal 534-l1089. WIIk in to Urgent 
Care weekdays 1IIm-4:3Opm. (Wed. 9-4:3Opm) 
'1ndI¥IduaI Ftn.a A._.ment- at RIMAC every Man & 
Wed, 5-8pm. Wall in to the WaIness Room, 2nd floor. A FREE 
student service prOllided by Student Hea'lh Advocatesl CaN 
534-2419 lor more into! 
• Don'1 Go In the Ocean! At least not until you've had your 

Hepat~is A shotsl If you surf or swim on the ocean, consider 
immLWllzations to protect your heaMh. Two shots - 6 monthI 
apart - $60 eech. Walk on to Student Hea~h M-F 8-11 am; 

WEEK OF MAY 24 - MAY 31 
Wed. 9-11am. 
• HEADACttESIll Who rweds 'em? V._the ItMdIc:he'CIInIc 
at Student Health and get ~I No charge to registered stu-
dents. Call 534-8089 for your appointment. 
• Student Hea~h Advocate provide Pew I!duc:alion Pro-
grama on Nutrition, HIV, F~ness, Stress & other topics· III 
your res hall or student org meetingsl Call 534·2419 for info 
on these FREE programs! 
• Low Colt 1'IIMnIcy. Over·the-counter ~ems (cold medi-
cines, antacids, bandaids, vitamins, skin care products, sun-
screen, contraceptive products, contect lens products, etc.) 
all at discount pricesl located in the first floor of Student 
HealIh. Open M-F Bam-4:3Opm, Wad. 9am-4:3Opm. 
• CPA and first AId c-.. at Student Health! Classes held 
at Student HeaIIh - taught by Ameriican Red Cross-certified 
Instructors. Take Commun~y CPR, Standard FII'St Aid (with 
Reference Book) - all lor $25.001 Sign up soon - classes fiU 
up quicklyl Come 10 2nd ftoor of Student Health Canter. or e-
mail pgrilloOucsd.edu to sign up. 
• Get Publllhedl Health Beat is a student publication focus-
ing on health issues. If you have talent in writing, graphic 
design, or layout, WE NEED YOUI E-mail the ed~or at 
heallhbeatO ucsd.edu 
• A-c-N-E is a four Ie\ter word! Cure ~ at Student Health. Call 
534-8089 and make an appointment at the Derm Clinicl 
• SUMMER HI!ALTH - for ConIInutIng. UCSO StucIenIs. 
Theq II an __ 1M of $60 for each summer -00 to 
use Student I"-Ih. s-ion I: June 14- July 31 . Session II: 
August I-Sept. N . Save S30!! Pre-pay by 6111 and you pay 
only $90 for BOTH ..... Cal 534-3300 for more info! 

CLUBS & MEETINGS 
Ongoing 

• Circle K MMIIng 7 p.m. al Gallery A in the Price Center 
every Monday. Come H you want to help out your commLWl~. 
Contact Julie lor more info. al 919·2745. 
• looking for intellectual stimulation? Discuss and debate hot 
topics such as nuclear proliferation, cloning, the envirolvnent, 
and the aIhicaI use of ICience and technology with Student 
PugwaItI USAI Come every other Wednesday starting 4114 
upstairs in Old Student Center Room .2 at 6 p.m. An ideas 
are weIcomel 
.1nIIrYarIIty ~~. Come devetop you re-
lationship with God and meet cool people. No experience 

~. ThIndayI1l7:30 p.m. RIMIIeIMuir III HSS 2250. 
MershaWWarrerVEAC .. Solie 104. 
• UCSD'. 881:_ DInce Club hoIdI FREE Friday FLWl 
Sessions every Friday from 2-4 p.m. in the NoI1h 8eIcony of 
the Main Gym. Come LEARN and PRACTICE dances like: 
Hustle, Cha-cha, Swing, Tango, WIIItz and morel Also keep 
any eye out lor the cIIm's quarterly FREE dances. 
• Become a 01 __ VllluMMrI Come by the Dean's 
Office or College center for an appliclllion. Allen one manda-
tory meeting onTuea. May 181115:30 p.m. or ThIn .. June 3 
at 5:00 p.m. in the R ...... Conference Room C. 

LECIlJRE 
ThUl'stMy, "'y27 

• Theq wiI be an OPeN fORW on 1M HAlO _ in Yugo-
.Iavia at 4:00 p.m. in 
HSS225O. E'*YII"III ~ 
vlted. 

Frlthly, .y28 
• The W_n', Cenler 
will be hosting a round 
table discUIIIon on Immi-
gration and .. xuality. 
12:oo-1 :30p.m. at the 
Women'. Center. 
REUGIOUS SERVICES 

Ongoing 
• Haw a he -' with 
.... and UJO every Fri-
day --.ing 1118 p.m .. Your 
choice of 3 Shabbat _ -
vices: Reform. c-a-
1M. or OItIodox. Call 534-
2521 for more inbmIIion. 
• Unl".,,", L~n 
0Iun:II irwIIII you to ow 
WMIdy WO<Ihip I8IVice on 
Sunday 11110:15 a.m. and 
free student .upper and 
bible study every Wad . .. 

6 p.m. 9595 La JoUa Shom Dr. (just 011 campus) 453-0581. 

SERVICES & WORKSHOPS 
IIIondll" "-y 24 

• 4:30 p.m. Price Center Sen FranciIc:ot'Santa Cruz. Ftw 
Crd and DIIIt ...... Warahop. Topics include: Maln-
taining a good credit hiIIDry, credit repoIting agencieI, good 
cradIt practIceI, cradI ,.n, debt COI1IOIidIIIion, ~ 
avoiding fraud and .... 
• L_ DIcIItonI IV Making the ~ decisions lithe r91I 
times. Noon-l :30 p.m. and 4:30-6:00p.m. IIIIend either ses-
sion lithe Won.!'s Center. 

Wedne.d.y, May 25 
• Quality of Life .. WorII Eplore how you can ~ively ~ 
fIuence your life at work. From 0000-1 :00 p.m. III the Ytbmen', 
Center. 
• 5:30 p.m. Cross Cultural Center. Lawn How to Conquer 
the "---I ~ from an E.pan • . .Maria lofftus, 

J.D. Fonner AsaiItant Dean of Admissions, UCSD Sd100I of 
Medicine, Kaplan Admissions Consulant. 

Through "'y28 
• 0n-CampuI1nIarvIIwI .. 1M car.. ServIcII CtnIIIr. 
Hundreds of major employers wi conduct interviews for ca-
reer ponionli. Tmes and dates vary. All interviewl held III 
the Career Services Culter, 2nd floor. To 588 wIlich~­
ers ar~ scheduled and to sign up, go to www-cst.ucad.adW 
cscftS1oncam.~m. Don' miss sign..., deadlirwa. Open to 

seniorsand~uaI.studentl graduating by ,Iune 1819. 534-
4472. 

Ongoing 
• VIllI the UCSD car.. ServIcII CenIIr online at www-
csc.ucsd.edu to find out about jobs, internships, grad school 
info, career options and many other valuable resourt:8I. 
• NEED A JOB? Access thousands of job Iistflga polled on 
ihe Career Services Center's home page at www-
csc:.ucacI.edu. Summer jobs, part-time jobs, career poetions 
and internships. For more informlllion on paid intemIhipa, 
drop in to see our Internship Ad~isor Monday through Friday 
1 p.m.-4 p.m. 2nd floor. 534-4472. 
• Applying 10 ProfMllonal or Grlldulll School? Fond out 
what you need to know about application procedures, lests, 
financial aid, and letters of reference at the Career ServIcea 
Canter's Profesaional and Fraduale School 0pp0rtuniIiII 
0Iice. 1ndividuaI advising II available bylPjlOiilll, ... ""-
visiI III Monday throIql Friday 8 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. or cal 

534~9. 
....... HIIp ExplorIng c... 0ptI0nI or ........ C. 
_ G..-? Oiop in to see a __ adviIor Mondaylwillql 
Friday 1 :30-4 p.m. at the Career Services Canter. Morning 
appointments are also available. Be SIft to pick up our Spring 
Calendar of E vents from our front desk or vis. US online III 
_ ,ucad.edu.534-375O. 
• 00 roo think alcohol or substance abuse is diraclly or indi-
rectly allacting your life? Alcohol. SulllteMeAIMI .... 
eo-tor,. Psychological & COIM1HIing Services. Emily 
(619) 534-5981 . Confidential, friendly, free . 
• HavIng probleml with your landlord or ~?Want 
to find out what you can do to resolve your situaIion? Come 
to the landIordlTenant Clinic, ~ by Student LagaI 
Services. For more info can 534-4374. 

Ongoing Mondays 
• Grief Group, 1 :3O·3p.m., 242SSS. For IIIudera who have 
experienced the death of -19ific8nI ...... Ind 
auppoil yHe moving through ~. t..d by Nancy 
WahIIg, 534-5793. Call Nancy 10 sign ...,. 
• Long ,*,--lovI, 3:30-5 p.m., Women'a StudiII Con-
feranca Room, Muir College, HSS2025. Achieving academic 
IUCCeII is diIicuIt enough, but life II even mora cIIIIIenging 
when trying to build and maintain a love relationlhlp with a 
partner or i!pOUI8 who lives far awayl This group providel a 
forum for men and women to discuss their axperiences and 
coping strategies. lad by Mary ~e, 534-5905. Call Mary 
for more information or 10 join the group. 

OngOing Tuesdays 
..... and W-1oIoIestIcI .. ChIldren: 9:30-11 :00 a.m. 
Thi& group ohfa ..., and women who hIIw 'xperiInced 
chiIctIOOd and adoIaIcent .. XlIII IbuIe the opparMIty to 
obtIIn euppoII from 0Ihers who have had IimiIar experilncal. 
10 acquire caping iiiIChaniImI and 1IciIIs, and 10 upIoie the 
IraIInI (wIwI uufW). Members wi have the c:hanc:a to ac-
quire tooII for dialing with intenIe IIIIOIiana and m-
their (alntady fo{midIbIe) resilience. The groups provide an 
environment which allows for explOration of any factors which 
may have made HIking help more dificuM. A 1R1I'0IIP 
appoIntmInt willi the group ...... II requlrld. lad by 
Mirian 1oIupoYici, 534-02SS and MaIY WoiIke, 534-5905. can 
Miriam or MIary to join the group. 

Ongoing Wednesdays 
oUIInoICIIIc:8n SUpport Group. 2:30-4:30 p.m. Half Dome 
lOLWlQll, MuW College. Family, parents, economics, friends, 
reIIIIionIh/pa. cull ... and academics - aIIlhese themes are 
explore toward the goal of graduation from UCSO. lad by 
Reina Juarez, 534-3875, and Dan MlIlOZ, 534-0251 . CaN lor 
more infolmation. 
• GnduIII W-'. Group. 3:30-5:30 p.m. Woman's Can-
t.r, 412 UnivwaiIy Centw_ Thiella yiIII'-Iong therapy group . • 
Typical .... (generaild by the membera) incIude __ 

~1dIrdy. cllalingMtlmullipll raIIa, .... 
\lining IIIiiWiIIc , ....... andPfMling C8A1.". Lad 
by Ecpa LaM, 534-«/48 and CIviItie ~ 534-... 
Cal Equila or 0wiIIie for a .... ~ ......... MNnI. 
• GnduIII Men .. and W-'. Group. 4:30-6 p.m. 242 
sse. TIiI group II. graduale IIudem who are intlreillad 
in eiploring raIationIhIpI, acedemicJpiolilssional __ and 
pe!IOII8I _, including transforming fruatrIIion, fear. 
dfIIPpoin\IMnt and ~ to r8IIIianca, competlllCe and 
salilfaction. Groupe continue throIqlcM the acadImic yew' 
and MW m.nber. may join when openings occur, and 
accomodIIIiOI. can be made for academic requiramenta. (A 
.-Id QiIIUPI at a dihrent time 11Il10 foIming. Cal 534-
3755 for 1nformIlion.) Lid by Miriam 1oIupovici, 534-0255 
and Rob MaIhrnan, 534-0252. Call Rob or MirIam for a pre-
group IIIPIIfr*nInI before coming to the group. W there are 
enough IIuderCa intnIIld a MCOnd group wlllorm. 

Ongoing Thursdays 
• WhII'. L_ GoC 1b Do WIlli It? 4:30-5:30 p.m. 3248 Lt-

erlll ... BuildIng. Why 11110 hard for l1li10 get into a rela-
tionship? Am I getting too involved too quickly? Why is 110 
hard to truII him/har? MIl ~ the _ dIIIrucIive 
pall,,", in a reIaIIonIhip again? 00 any of tNae quNIiona 
sound familiar? n- and nwny other toplca are diIc:uaaed 
in this cold group for grade andlnlargradil. Lad by Lma 
YOWlg, 534-3987. Students should cal Lma befOle coming 
to the group. 

Ongoing Fridays 
• WhIt .. L_ Got 10 Do WIlli It? 12:00-1 :30 p.m., 3248 
Lllerlllui8 BuIldIng. MIl gelling too involved 100 quickly? 
Why 11110 held to truIII ~r1 MIl repeamg the_ 
deslructivI pMIf.",,? Do any of It-. queatlonllOLWld famil-
iaI? TheM and many other lopIcs are diIcuaMd in this coed 
group for grada and~. lad by Linda YOLWlO, 534-
3987. Fndays 12-1 :30 p.m. StudentlIhouId caN linda be-
fore coming 10 the group. 
• ~ C--*r FGrum.12-1 :3O p.m. Cross 
CuIuraI Center. 51OUCtr. Thie WormaI drop .... group II cII-
Iignad to addrMa the concema of AlianlPacific Islander stu-
dents at UCSO in a supportive and problem IOfving 1Imo-
aphere.llaueallUCh as _ and academic aucceu, family 
preIIUIiII, cull" .. idIordy and reIaIiorwhIpe .,. pouiJIe top-
ics. Feel flee 10 bring 'fOUl krochl Lad by Chrilltie F~unaga, 
534-598Q, and J\lhn Wu, 534-1579. 
• Alcohol and S·JbeIIncI Abwe SUpport GnIup.2-4p.m. 
HllfDorne Lounge. Muir College. If you _ hIIw _ asked 
wau-I, 'Do I hIIw a problem with ....... 1". then peiIIapa 
you .. iUdy to explore the response. t..d by Dan MLWlOZ, 
534.Q251 and Mary Wolke, 534-5905, and Jerry Phelps, 822-
2614. 
• c:..pua BIKII Forum, 4:30-6 p.m. Closs Culural Center, 
510 Univers~ Canter. Campus Black Forum is an informal 
and supportive gathering where we invite open discussion 
and exchange ideas, questions, and concems on any topic 
relevant to the lives and experiences of people of African 
de&cent. It is a place to connect with other sludents (grad 
and I.Wldergrad), sla' and 1acuIty. lad by Linda YOLWlO, 534-
3987. 

EVENTS & RECREATION 
MondIIy, .y 24 

• 8-10 p.m. PC BaIroom A. "The Grand Finale.' Come to 
the Iut BeIiOom Danca of the school year. Featuring 8 per-

~ IIIroI9W the ewning by the UCSD BaIroom 
Dance T .... inc:Iuding" \aIin and atandaId ~ rou-
1InII, Indy hap • .,..,~,American rhytIwn, and the 
Z-IIam'.hIp hop(che-ctII. SemI-formaI.1IegInners weIcoma, 
IeIIonI will be teus;.. M'. FREE and M', FUN, 10 be there .. 
.00.=-1 
• 7p.m. and 10 p.m. PCThealer. Prlcec.. Movie: "END-
belt\. • $2 admiuion. 

Tuesday, .y 25 
• 7 p.m. and 10 p.m. PC TMaler. PrIcI Cene.r Movie: "le-
thal Weapon 4"_ $2 admis8ion. 

Wednesday, May 26 
• 7:30 p.m. Solis 1 04. CWO praaerU .. lim: "HIrberI'I Hlp-
popoIamuI." The phiIoIophy. the teachingl, and the the 
timaI of HIlbert MarcIlle, the man, who-whIIe a proIMaor III 
UCSO in .. , .... inIpiI8d the IIudeI* Mel infwiIIed the 
iIiIIIItJIW_LfIREE! 

lJIcnday, .,.y 27 
· 'MI_. S " I ..... C8nIIIM I'IIndIrI Uhor of 
EnUIng 0.-. MI. FIndIIs wiI pr.enIlier rww book. "The 
Root of this longing: RecondIng a SpIrItual H~ and • 
femIniat ThIra\- from 3-Sp.m. at the Women', Center. 
• 7 p.m. and 10 p.m. PC TheIiler. PrIce c:..1IovIe: "f_ 
After." 

Ongoing 
• Want to laugh your lUI of? Come _ -wt...the ScrIpt 
HIla the F .. _" Improv, live every other W8dMIday at WNH? 
CoIIee nexllo PIaD CaM. Cal MiIca 111297-8324 for delliIz. 
• UCSD Balla, Club WiIIIdy .......... MondayIIII 7 p.m. 
Everyone welcome. PIeue e-mail bllhaiO ucad.adu or 558-
8220 lor location or more info. 
• KInoU NIghIa. Ev.y w.dnIIday II1roIqi May 1 11th. 7-9 
p.m. Thare wiI be prizas for the belt parfonnerI in varying 
CIIIIagoriII. n.r .. II ROInI Table Pizza In Price Center. 
For iMIIIIIn CIII22-208I. 
• UCID...., au. UnIIy GIItIIrIngII Every Thlnday at 
7:311 I'JII. ........ dIIcwIIan and IImIIbcM the teneII of 
.. ...,,.... E~weIcorne. F_ NfIWmIia. lo-

~: 17M Gilman Dr . • e; can 511-8220 or . -mail 
behaiOUCld.edu for more Info. 
• TIll IIG SHOW. SIIIdIyI at 10 p.m. Ch. 18 SRTV Righi 
."X-Alel. 
• TIII __ "'~c..-on"""MIIIionBay 
.. allevell of InaIrIdan In .... -IkIIng. WIMboIIrdIng. 
Nlng.1IIIIng. ~ and windNfiIg. c-.. begin May 

8.1819,IOCllllnowand'--OIIIofOll'~~1 
(81t) 488-103e. 
• TIll __ ... YIIIIII .... .,.". c.., lIa MI-.cI 
aquatic clay ~ for .. 8-17 ... oIIrallCtlvllM IUCfI • 
...... -IkIIng. WIIII.blllldlIlQ. 1IIIng. gy.Jdng, eurfIng, and 
wIndIurftng. The CMp II held an bINIhII MillIon Bay .. 
the world _ MIllIon Bay AquaIIc c.r.r. ,.... .... -
teen WIIIdy ....... ___ beginig June 7, 1819 and 
running IhIou\1I Sep\ImbeI3, I • . For a cIIIIIIIId bnIc:hIn 
or 10 rIIQIIIIer your eNd, .... cal: (8UII 538-2003. 

Monday. May 24. 1999 The UCSD Guardian FEATURES 9 

John Barber/ Guardian 

Ibis year marks the 530th anniversary of the Sikh religion, Currently Sikhs practice around 
the wo.rld, holding on to the traditions taught by the 1 ~ prophets to carry on their beliefs. 

I t is not uncommon for me 10 get a snide remark or a funny look as I stroll through the streets of San Diego, due to the fact that unlike most people. I wear a tuman upon 
my head and sport an untrimmed heard. 
To kids. I probably appear to be some 
kind of genie. and to the adults. a foreign 
Arab fellow or a terrorist of some sort. 

"So what's up with that ... uh ... thing 
on your head?" is the most common ques-
tion that the courageous people venture to 
ask. In a time when the most expected 
form of association for the Sikh commu-
nity deals with genie-like turbans. many 
finer points of the 500-ycar-old religion 
are lost. 

The BBC states that there are current-
ly 25 million practicing Sikhs in the 
world. Sikhs have spread out across the 
globe and numher roughly 450.000 in 
North America. mainly gravitating toward 
California and the East Coasl; but the 
story was not always as rosy. More that 
100 years ago. penniless Sikhs hegan 
arriving with East Asian laborers in Van-
couver and San Francisco. where they 
were mistaken as Hindus. and set to tasks 
of menial labor mostly in agriculture and 
factory work. Eventually. through years 
of hard work. c~ful savings and uncan-
ny business tactics. these "peasants" were 
soon buying the farms upon which they 
toiled and taking over the factories where 
they worked. By the 19505 a large per-
centage of all East Asian immigrants were 
Sikhs_ 
....., 

The Sikh religion was started in 1469 
by Guru Nanak' the first in a line of 10 
prophets. Observing the tangled theologi-
cal state of India. Guru Nanak set out to 

reform social ills by trumPeting Ihe equal-
ity of all people, regardless of color. 
creed. religion. caste or sex. These ideas 
quickly brought him throngs of followers 
who were looking to escape from a soci-
ety steeped in a convoluted casle system 
and suffering from degenerative tradilions 
such as sati. a practice where the wife 
bums herself on her husband's funeral 
pyre. Condemning empty rituals. Guru 
Nanak forbid idol worship and preached 
the concept of a single. all-powerful. lov-
ing God. At the same time. he extolled 
three major virtues: practicing the recita-

wan led the head of a Sikh. The massive 
crowds buzzed with confusion and disbe-
lief as a single bravc soul stepped for-
ward. Taking him into a nearby tent. Guru 
Gobind Singh reemerged wilh blood drip-
ping from his sword. The crowd was truly 
shocked. but the Guru would press the 
same question four more times. and each 
time one person would step forward . 

After a long absence. Guru Gobind 
Singh emerged with his five new disci-
ples. dressed in Oowing saffron robes. 
wilh turbans adorning their heads; their 
beings were absolutely vibrant. He 

10 prophets proclaimed the equality of 
men and women and empowered them 
as social and spiritual leaders, generals 

and freedom fighters. 
tion of God's name; sharing your earnings 
selOessly with the needy; and making a 
living though honest means. Guru Nanak. 
a revolutionary of his time, had set Ihe 
foundation for his nine successors. 

On April 13. 1699, the tenth and last 
prophet. Guru Gobind Singh took Ihe 
stage at Anandpur. a cilY in the region of 
Punjab in Northern India. During Ihis 
time Sihks struggled against the Mogul 
conquerors who were converting millions 
of people by the sword. Guru Gobind 
Singh_ whose father had been beheaded 
upon his refusal to convert to Islam. took 
up arms against the attacking Mogul 
armies. 

Sikhi believe that Guru Gobind Singh 
declared with a thundering voice that he 

declared that these were his "Five 
Beloveds" and he baptized each of them 
with amrit. or holy nectar. made of water 
with sugar. According to the legend. with 
an astonishing move of humility. the 
prophet himself asked to be baptized. 
With this. the brotherhood of the Khalsa. 
or those devoted to God. was created. 
.,...DII_ 

In order to abolish the system that rest-
ed on identifying a person's caste through 
their surname. Guru Gobind Singh 
renamed all Sikhs. He named Ihe males 
"Singh." literally meaning "lion" or 
"prince." and named the females "Kaur." 
meaning "lioness" or "princess." 

It was also decreed that the Sikhs 
should keep five articles of faith with 

Story by Saanand Singh, 

them at all times. These came to be infor-
mally known as the five Ks. as each of 
them begin with the leiter UK" in the Pun-
jabi language. They are; kesh. or unshorn 
hair. to represent the acceptance of God's 
creative beauty; kanga. a small comb to 
show the responsibility of stewardship; 
karha. a steel bracelet whose cyclical 
structure symbolizes the need to unify the 
body. mind and spirit; kacha. a long 
undergarment that embodies the require-
ment of physical activity. social service 
and sexual fidelity; and finally. the kirpan. 
a short dagger symbolizing the responsis 
bility of t.he Sikh to fight social injustice 
and to protect the weak and helpless. 

The baptized Sikhs were also required 
to recite five daily prayers. abstain from 
all intoxicants and adopt a vegetarian diet. 

With this, the stage had been set for an 
assembly of "saintssoldiers." a term for 
all members of the faith. to thrive in the 
coming years. 
Current PnIctIces 

Three centuries later the Sikh religion 
is still practiced around the world. Many 
Sikhs still partake of amrit. and keep fer-
vently to their religious beliefs. 

Amidst changing social times and 
pressure to conform, some have opted to 
waive the rigorous standards of the reli-
gion. but a sense of community remains 
steadfast. On all days of the week. though 
especially on Sunday. large numbers of 
Sikhs come to the temples (gurdwaras) 
not only for prayer and worship, but to 
lend a helping hand in preparing and serv-
ing a free community meal. called langar. 
Here. everyone sits together on the floor to 
accentuate the principals of equality and 
humility, to revel in the community spirit 

See PAnlWAY8, Page 14 

.-



10 FEATURES 

ARENA 
Word Association: 
Sun God, Star Wars, Sex? 
Interviews by Jesyka Ashlar 
Photography by Julius Choi 

"Party. Pretty good. It's all 
right. " 

Jay Patil 
Muir Senior 

"Festival. Movie. Toys." 

Molly Michaelis 
Revelle Freshman 

"Drunk. Popular. Yes 
please. (Austin Powers, 
you know?)" 

GaUna Wood 
Muir Freshman 

"Drunk. Drunk. Drunk." 

"Concert. Darth Vader. 
Controversial ." 

Tracy Schegg 
Muir Freshman 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, May 24, 1999 

CROSSWORD By Ed Volle 

(C) 1999 Tribune Madia Services, Inc. 
All rights reserved. AC_. 
1 Cause to appear smaller 
6 Long, feather scarves 
10 George Ehot novel. 4 _ Marner" 
15 Wicked 
19 Muslim porter 
20 Large rnustCal group: abbr. 
21 Banal 
22 Make over 
23 Of Sheep 
24 Honofulu's Island 
25 Wears 
26 Pesky Insect . 
27 Three sailors In a wOOden sooe 
31 GlaswegIan 
32 _ A.,y.Jaffa 
33 Type of maSOChism? 
34 Superlative suffiX 
37 Winter mo. 
40 Long commute location 
43 _ Perce 
45 Actress SWlt 
47 Shepard and Greenspan 
49 Ancient Iflsh king. Srlan _ 
51 Born In Bordeaux 
53 FOfmer POftiand Trailblazer 8111 
54 LOUise of -Gilligan 's Island 4 
55 Three folk singers 
58 Frozen eaves..aropper? 
60 MX dIVided by V 
61 Ave. crossers 

62 _ of Galilee 
63 AcCIdents 
65 Staunch 
67 Lubricated 
71 Three swordsmen 
77 FaShion 
78 End of a spon? 
79 Unmanly 
80 Old Engllshleller 

5123199 
TMSPuulesOaol.oom 

83 Put two and two together 
85 End of cigar? 
87 Czar's edtcts 
88 Three comics 
94 Allentloocellone sound 
95 Existing naturally 
96 'Telephone Line' grp. 
97 Continental currency 
98 Computer clicker 
99 Gullets 

, 101 Ike'S command 
103 Last movement of a sonata 
105 Classroom faVOrite 
106 Cover crop 
107 Tea" 
109 DIning area 
111 TObacco koln 
113 Three virtues 
121 Off-base G.\. 
123 Infamous Helms~ 
124 Drudgery 
125 Sarnos regoon. once 

126 Apple diSCOId 
127 Dropped the ball 
128 Window element 
129 Doctor. at Umes 
130 Turner and Danson 
131 Soothsayers 
132 Droops 
133 Ship and 

-
1 Ship wiIh • late«> SIll 
2 Undut .... 
3 Ulandan despot 
4 PuIS in order 
5 Swindles 
6 Idiot boo 
7 Spoken 
8 Sore 
9 RaoirOld switch 
10 Napoleon's final place of e.ile 
11 Modem Persia 
12 Bonet and Kudrow 
13 Lacking pitch 
14 Dismiss from Oxford 
15 Cogito _ ""'" 
16 Feuds 
17 Noi.".",r of Mont. 
18 Fate 
28 P~deity 
29 Kesey Of Follett 
30 W. Hemisphere protectlOfl syst. 
35 SIlO!> 
36 Sincer Tucker 
37 Mohammed's dauChter 
38 Brine out 
39 Send packinc 
41 Campus military "p. 
42 'The Threepenny Opera' drama~st 
44 Olympus honcho 
46 ' A NiChtmOle on _ Street' 
48 Me.ican snack 
50 Heep and others 
52 Slneer/p'"",st John 
55 LIvely 
56 Held the helm 
57 Comment to the audience 
59 Endure 
64 Power optoon 
66 African fly 
68 Orlnk like a cat 
69 Composer Salle 
70 From the beglmlnc, In music 
72 Change color .. aln 
73 Leger1dary kIng 
74 Make a Mistake 
75 BeIne: LaM 
76 Sonnet endinC 
80 G .... soff 

:~ ~=r!~r 
84 Broad valley 
86 Architect Sa.inen 
89 _t1hal 
90 videc>pme company 91 CiNes • _ name 
92 Statoonery buys 
93 SongIe lense. 
98 Tde creatIOns 
100 Domaon 
102 Spanish cheer 104 L __ _ 

108 Lakeside 
110 Lantern. 
112 Brook fish 
114 a-pictls 
115 Lulu 
116 U.S . ",,_r &<p. 
117 Belltone 
118 Recardone 
119 Weddonc-cake layer 
120 Toll tale 
121 Take steps 
122 Sadness 

-------~----- Set' CrclSS/lI(J,.t/ .m/uliulIS Ulf /X/Jll! /4 -------------

Monday, May 24, 1999 

MARY HIGGINS 
Senior Staff Writer 

I'm beginning to get a lillie 
excited. 

As [ was leaving my friend 's 
apartment last Friday I could smell 
it ... the pungent aroma of jasmine 
clinging to the night air. My mind 
Ii lied with recollections of the lazy 
summer afternoons of my child-
hood, when the only time I moved 
from the porch swing was to chase 
the ice cream truck down the street. 
[ hnike out in goosebumps and 
stood perfectly still , the keys to Illy 
car dangling from my hand. I 
sniffed some more - wondering if 
['d just been imagining things -
but sure enough the smell was there. 

The ja mine is blooming and 
that means one thing; the best three 
months of the year are al most here! 
Beller slather on that sunblock-
summer has been slow in coming. 
but it's on its way. 

It·s week nine. ladies and gentle-
men. Between now and finals we all 
have so much work to do that it 's a 
lillie frightening . Ffenzied students 
will rush in a single-minded bee-
line to and from the library: 60,000 
double-spaced pages of half-as!>Cd 
essays will be penned; and approxi-
mately 2,000 tons of coffee beans 
win IJe.groood and socFiliccd to the 
Almighty God of AII -Nighters. 
Belim: you can say. "Pas~ IllC thc 
No-Dozc" it will all be over. The 
whirling vortex of A.S. Lecture 
Notes and hluebooks will run out of 
steam and the dehris will drift slow-
ly to the ground. lillcring the noor 
of the deserted lecture halls. 

And then ... (i nsert the regal 
tune of Pomp and Circumstance 
here) the ebullient graduatcs will 
line up in their shining black robes 
and mortar boards (that 's the hig 
nat thing that goes on your head, 
Bryan) and wi th .their parents look-
ing on they will march down the 
aisle triumphantly. tearfully .... 

My God ... this year "they" is 
ME. I'm graduating. After five 
years, it 's tinally my tum. Woo-hoo! 
Woo-hoooo! Wooooo-hoooooo!!! I 

What's tbe big deal. you ask'! 
Well. if you'd been an undergradu, 
ate here for half a decade, you' d be 
e)(cited too. I've sat through the 
commencement ceremonies of 
those who have gone before hut this 
year the applavse will be for me! 
The endless metaphor-laden speech-
es about the "road not taken" will be 
in my honor! The deans "ill mis-
pronounce thousands and thousands 
of names of graduating seniors. and 
somewhere amongst the comm 
majors will be mine!!! Yippeeee! . 

There's only one thing that 
dampens my enthusiasm for June 
13 - [ don't e)(act ty have what you 
would call "plans" or "goals" or 
even a "job." 

As soon as [ graduate, Mom and 
Dad finally cut that financial 
umbilical cord and I'm not sure 
where that leaves me (at this rate 
it's likely to be under the !l05 over-
pass sharing a cardboard box with 
some guy named Dirk ). 

Yes, the more I think ahout life 

PSYCHO 
THERAPY 
You know 
you've been at 
UCSD too long 
when ... 
after gnidualion. the more I'm stan-
ing to teellike a lemming heading for 
the edge of La Jolla dilTs. By the way. 
if anyone knows of any job openings 
for an upbeat. minimally ncurotic, ex-
advice columnist, let me know. 

Well, future or no fUlure.1 know 
I'm ready to graduate. I've been at 
UCSD for five years now. which is 
nearly 25 percent of my entire life. 

I've seen just about everything 
there is to sec. I saw the fountain in 
(he Price Center turned into a tem-
porary bubble ha(h. [ was around 
when some good,humored engi -
neers constructed a giant. paper,air-
plane statue in the Warren m<lll . I 
saw a sophomore dress up like a 
chicken and run around campus all 
day (OK. so I didn't actually sec 
him. hut I was the one who paid the 
guy to do it in the tirst place). [ 
allended the hasketball game in 
which RIMAC was lilled nearly 10 
capacity in an effort to "Save Dave." 

I saw Guardiall and Koala 
staffers party together like a bunch 
of old drinking buddies. 

Yes. folks. I think I've see{l it all 
and I've decided it 's time 10 move 
on. I f there are any of you GU( there 
who arc still trying to decide 
between graduati ng or pursuing 
that third major. here 's a little list [ 
compiled last week that mighl help 
you in your decision. 

You k :1ClW you' ve becn at 
UCSD too long when .. .. 

(I) You ' ve sat in every scat in 
every lecture hall. 

(2) You ' ve eaten every item on 
every menu in every cafeteria. 

(3) Your department gets con-
fused hy your "seniority" and 
offers you tenure as well as your 
own parking spot in front of the 
Faculty Club. 

(4) You've been to Thornton 
Hospital (either for yourself or your 
roommates) after suffering injuries 
to every m~tior hody part ... they ' ll 
he naming the new wing after you. 

(5) You've tried almost every 
major offered. sOme of them more 
than once. 

(6) Academic Advising sends 
you <I leller taking you on' of Acad-
emic Prohation, because "What the 
hell , does it really mailer anymore?" 

(7) Th~ map they gave you at 
Freshman Orientation doesn ' t 
include "new" structures, such the 
Dance Building. the physics build-
ing and the Price Center. 

(8) You realize that if you'd fol -
lowed through with your plans to 
"do away with your freshman year 
roommate," you'd now be out on 
pamle. 

(9) Like some of the other noto-
rious freaky people on campus, 
you've earned yourself a nickname 
such as "Scary Old Person" or 
''That Chick Who Failed Chern 
6BL For The First Time When 
Michael Jackson was Still Cool." 

( 10) Forget about the Academic 
Advisors ... the Chancellor wants to 
sit you down and have a serious 
talk with you ahout your future. 

Well, that 's it for me this week. 
Nex( Monday i~ my tinal column 
- be ~ure to tunc in for my emo-
tional farewell. 

The UCSD Guardian 

• 

Dreams Really Can Come T f'~e! 
o 

... oh wouldn'l il be nice ... 10 hove 
fun in the sun ond solve ljour need for ~thiS summer? 

With I.SS. dreams can become Reality! 
Summer is our prime season and we've gol 

JOB OPPORTL NITIES GALORE 
for qualified candidates os Leasinq ConsulJanls for hiqh-end luxurlj 

aJXIrlment communities. 

No Experience Necessol'lj! 
Pari-time, Full-lime, Tem ra,. or Permanenl...Vou Decide! 

CALL TODAY to schedule on appointment with 
I .NJ\'OVATIVE STAFFING S.OLUTIO.VS 

Specializing in Properly Management Personnel 

(619) 535-9010 

I 
I 
I 
I 

~ _______ c~o~~a~ _________ ~ 

FEATURES II 

are cO/.dial4 invited 10 
place 

an aduerU"emenl in lhe 

CALL (619)534-3466 
TODAY TO RESERVE 

YOUR AD SPACE! 

SAn DIEGO srATE unIVERSItY 
College of Extended Studies 

~DDQ)~ ~# J 
C) ) ~ ~(O) t:;, V' 1!c1 
.=-~ . l!5 W ~ \J~~ 

JUDe 1-August 20~ 1999 ~®~~B 
• 3 maJor sessions - two 3-week and one-&-week session 
• Choose from hundreds of short Intensive courses from more 

than 56 departments /, ~ ,~ I 
~ • Uncrowded campus - no parkin eongestlon ' / "1I--~ 
1C . ~./.. ~ !£;;J 

.....Ister In person at the Col.,g, ofotE nded Studies or 
I -call 594·5704 for ,0ufFREE Summer Catalog. 

La Jolla (olony 
7770 Regents Rd. #113 

453-7331 

MAIL BOXES ETC: 

Clairemont Square 
4735 (Ioiremont Dr. 

490-1690 

(Iairemont Village 
3089 (Ioiremont Drive 

275-2380 



12 CLASSIFIEDS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
I =i -r&!1: Pt,':m 
*ROUND TRIP COURIER FARES. 
London $349 Sing $300 Hong Kong $389 
Chi". $360 Sydney $580 a.ngkoll $370 
"40·80% OFF ALL FARES-
AIR COURIER INTERNATIONAL 

1 ·800·298·1 230 24 hr 

EUROPE $239 OIW ANY11ME IN 1999. • 
Hawaii $119, CariblMexico $189 rlt 
Discount Fares Worldwide. 888-
AIRHITCH. www.airhitch.org (taxes 
additional) (4/5-613) 
Traveling? Take a DreamSack- 100% 
silk sleepsack. Lightweight and luxurious. 
Perfect for all adventures. 1-800-670-
7661. www.dreamsack.com (5117-613) 
Coming up fast: the end of Spring Quarter 
and time for the Guardian's Gradultion 
IlIue, Thursday June 3rdl Ad 
reservation deadline is the day after 
Memorial Day, Tuesday June 1 st, 2 pm! 
(5117-6/1) 
The Episcopal Students Association 
meets every Wednesday from 5:00-6:30 
p.m. in the Intemational Student Center 
Conference Room for communion , 
Christian dicussion, and free dinner. 
Students, faculty, and staff welcome. Call 
534-6549 for information. (5124) 

Learn Bartending 

$1500 weekly potential mailing our 
circulars. No Experience Required. Free 
information packet. Call 202-452-5940. 
(4/5-613) 
NOW HfRING Fortune 1000 Company. 
Advertising-Communication, Marketing, 
Business Majors. Resume Experience, 
Intern and Work Experience. 
Appointments 1-800-362-4224, Ext. 131 . 
(513-613 ) 

The UCSD Guardian 

CLASSIFIEDS 
The UCSD Guardian reserves the right to classify, edit, delete oHenslve words and 

jlhrases, andlor refuse any and all advertisements without prior notification. The Advertiser 
'tllil not hold the Guardian liable for any claims resulting Irom the publication of the 
advertisement. The publisher will also not be held accountable for any claim from an 
agreement made between the advertiser and the consumer. 
Copy should be reviewed by the advertiser lor errors. In order to be corrected in the next 
regular Issue, all errors must be reported by the corresponding deadline. Credit will only 
be given for the Incorrect portion of the advertisement. There are no refunds for cancellations. 
PIe_ .. nd ell corrw.ponclenca regarding Cla .. HIada to: 
iJCSD Guardl8n, Ann: Cla.a1flacla, 11500 Gilman Drlva 103111, La Jolla, CA 1120113. 
Actual location: Student Cantar A, Room 217. 

Chiidcare- responsible, caring person lor 
Saturday evenings in Del Mar home. $8-
$10perhour. Call (619) 481 -2386. (5110-
613) 

'ob Opportunitcs 
Galorc".as LUlin,. 
Conlult.nt for luxury Apt. 
Communities . Flex. 
Schedules ·FIT, PIT, Temp 
or Perm, No exp o nec . 

Call us today 
(619) 535·9010 

We Pay Youl 29 people needed to lose 
up to 30 Ibs. in 30 days. Doctor 
recommended. Call (619) 272-4985. (51 
10-613) 
Horton Grand Hotel : PIT Banquet 
Servers. Flexible schedule. Min: 2 yrs 
fine.dining experience. Fax resume 619-
239-3823. (5110-24) 
Need garden maintenance nowlsummer 
job for physically fit , dayslwages 
negotiable. Call 687-1908, leave name 
and tel. #. (5113-613) 
Private Gymnastics Club in Solana Beach 
seeks computer savvy and people lriendly 

receptioniSt. $8-$10 hrfy. 25 hrs per week. 
Call Darryl (619)481-4966 or (760)634-
1028. (5/13-613) 
Eam $50-$150 an hour. Photographer 
needs Female Models. No Nudity 
Required. Leave a message at: (760) 
634-5581. (5117-27) 

Yoh Scientific needs: 
·Chemists 

·Biochemists 
·Microbiologists 

oMolecular Biologists 
·Research Associates 

o LabTechn ic iansJ Assistants 
oChemical Engineers 
Fax (619)622·9048 

Phone (619)622·9005 

lM1!I! 
On campus jobl Teach swimming lessons 
for Campus Recreation. You must be 
currently certified in CPR, First Aid, and 
WSI or have equivalent teaching 
experience. Pay is $9/hour. Call 534-
5246 for more information. (5117-24) 
Career Opportunity. Systems Anafyst! 
$32K starting salary. Fast-growing, last-
paced, casual work setting. Qual~ications: 

STORAGE USA 
Must have BA with a minimum 3.5 g.p.a. 
with some work experience. Must be 
intelligent, motivaled and able to work 
well with others. Word, Excel, Access are 
required. Our office is located in Otay 
Mesa, a 30-minute commute from UCSD 
campus. Fax resume to (619)671 -9922. 
(5/17-6/3) 

STUDENT SPECIAL 
Need Space? We're the Place! 

ACCESS DAILY 6 AM TO 10 PM 

• 

Fine SEQUOIA High Sierra 
Fa4'R1.Oft at coo\7500 ' seeks 
'-' ... elors (20up) to 

TEACH: 
o Archery-Min. age 21 (1) 

(1 ) 

8038 Arjons Drive 
300 

8192 Miramar/Cabot 
(619)549-0500 

Cress-Cubl'll Clnter Prlsents 

meogn/ling Lenscrahers, UTC is looking for some great Part Time Salespeople to provide 
Legendary Customer Service. W~I train, 

Classified Line 
Ad Rates 

Stuclanll: S3 1* 20 WOrda 
Faculty. Staff: $41* 20 word. 

All others: $5 per 20 worda 
.Advance payment is required. 

Classified Display 
Ad Rates 

$9.00 per column Inch 
Deadl..,..: 

........... _ DIIpIar A.- UnI Ada 

great place to work. Pay $7-10 per hour. 
Call David, Hector or Amy at 619-622-
2170 or lax resume 622-21n. We are 
also hiring lor our opIicallab (win train) (51 
17-24) 
Summer childcare provided needed in 
my La Jolla home. Must love kids and be 
energetic. 9-12:30 M-F June through 
August. Must be able to drive. Can live-in 
or out. $5-$7lhr. 619-452-2023. (5120-
24) 
WANTED: Native French speaker as a 
nannyJbabysitter in Del Mar. Please call 
619-792-7360. (5120-613) 
We need a hot designer skilled in 
macromedia flash animation & audio 
integration. This projec1 will push your 
limits & the limits of flash. Please call 
Kevin aI231 -8756. (5120-24) 

APPOINTMENT SETTERS 

NO SELLING! 
ACT FAST - START NOW. 
GREAT OPPORTUNITY 

Perfect for 
college students! 

Hours: Sun-Thurs 5pm-9pm 
Some flexibility. 

Appointment setters for dinner 
parties, travel clubs, and resorts. 

Paid weekly, timely 
and honestly. 

No experience required, 
will train. 

Miramar area. call Rick 
(01 9) 578-7914 

RECREATION ASSISTANT. PT, 
dependable, outgOing, good cust. serv 
skills, MUST have own transp. (work sites 
vary), eve/wknds/holidys. 15-20 hrs/wk. 
Resume to Armed Services YMCA, 500 
W Broadway, San Diego, CA 921 01 ,232-
1133. (5120-27) _ _ ___ _ 
Taking applications lor part-time tanning 
salon operator and body wrap tech . 
Flexible schedule. 455-0909. (5120 -611) 
Copy Club has Full Time and Part Time 
positions open for friendly, professional 
copy consultants for days, evenings and 
graveyard shifts. Great work environment, 
flexible hours, employee discounts. We 
will train those willing to learn. We oller all 
benefits lor Full Time employees. Apply 
in person at the Coste Verde Mall- 8650 
Genesee Ave . • 200, across from UTC. 
Call 457-9500. (5120-24) 
Attorney Aide: Disabled femaleanomey 
needs part time assistance (one shift is 
Tuesday and Thursdays and anoIhershift 
is Monday, Wednesday and Fridays) to 
aid at desk. Hours are 8:15 a.m. to 7:00 
p.m. Duties include filing, occasional 

Monday, May 24, 1999 

bookkeeping, assistance at court, good 
grammar and punctuation skills, 
knowledge 01 MICrosoft Word, good 
handwriting and the ability to stand for 
long periods of time. Requires the ability 
to drive a van with automatic transmission. 
Please send resume to: Attomey Aide 
401 B. Street, Suite 1700, San Diego, 
CA. 92101. (5120-27) 
English Tutor to the 7th Grade!. $10 hr. 8 
hrs. per week Near UCSD and Bus. 453-
5596. (5124-27) 
People Penon. Up to $3K-$6K1mo. 
PubflC relations p8flIOf'I needed to help 
with S.D. expansion. Nutrition co. Positive 
attitude. (619) 296-9033 or (760) 743-
5753. (5124-27) 
Harmonium, Inc. is hiring Special Activity 
LeadefS and Site Directors for their 6to 6 
Extended School Day Programs. 
Monday-Friday morning and afternoon 
hours, $7.25-$10.50 per hour. Must have 
units in ~Iementary Education, Child 
Development, or Recreation and at least 
1 year experience in an after school 
program. Call Ginger at 566-5740. (5124-
613) 
Part-Time. $8Ihr. 5 hrlwk. Article retrieval 
for Biotech Company. Start Mid June. 
Contact Scan Yven. 619-455-3634. (51 
24-27) 
Klassic Kids Childcare Centers located in 
Mira Mesa are hiring part time Mon-Fri 
morning and afternoon positions. 12 units 
in Elementary Education, Child 
Development, or Recreation and 
experience working with children deaired. 
CaN Debbie at 695-8170. (512 .... 27) 
PT Online Marketing Intern wanted lor 
intemet company. Aexible hours. Fax 
(619) 839-3652 or email 
jobs@ipstrategy.com (5124-613) 
Environmental intemships: Get credit! 
experience! Positions in research, 
marketing, consulting, education. Green 
Restaurant Assoc. 619-233-GOOD. We 
can change our world! (5124-613) 

ROOMMATES 
Female roommate(s) wanted. Master 
bedroom in 2 bedroom apartment. Large 
enough for 2, Privale bath. Summer 
Lease. Call Erin. 678-0456. (513-613) . 
1/4 block from Scripps Oceanography + 
beach + bus line. Will share 2 bedroom 
fumished apt. with professional female or 
grad student. $365 per month. References 
required. Available June 15th. No 
smoking- no pets. 1 year lease minimum. 
Elizabeth 454-5558 or Alicia 459-0469. (5/17-27) ______ _ 
2 female roommates needed to share a 
masterbedroom. $25O/mo. (negotiable) 
Avail. from 6/15-August. Near UCSD/ 
UTC ~ea . Call 457-5505. (5/17-24) 
MlF roommate wanted for summer and 
school year. Own room. Apartment less 
than 5 min. from UCSD. $375/mo. 
Laundry, pool. Call Ryan 457-3017. (51 
~7-61:1 _ _______ _ 
2 ROOMMATES WANTED! (Male or 
female) needed to share Master bedroom 
in 3 bedroom condo. La Jolla/UTC area. 
Approximate rent- $300 a month each. 
Please call 587-8278. (5120-24) 
1/2 Roommates wanted for large master 
bedroom in brand new UTC apartment. 
$675 + 112 utilities. Call Michael. 558-
9142. (5120-24) 
HOUSEMATE WANTEDI ~nd-new 
townhouse 5501month + utilities. Washerl 
dryer. AlC, pool & recreation. 5 minutes 
to UCSD. (619) 623-0433. (5120-24) I 
Roommate needed for 3 bedroom house 
in Cardiff by the Sea. Spac:ioI3 ftIOI1IJ 'G 
ocean view, garage, washer~~c 1 
month. Call Mary 760-635-123815.124) 
Large room available sumrner'lIall '99. 5 
minutes from UCSD,UTC. Parking, pools, those wIIo halle 

'allrllneBIIII/alo,ue, 
communlcat/on 
anlllllllBlSlII 

, I' 
~ ~~~~~~ 

ALL PEopLE'S 
CELEbRATiON 

4th Annual All People's Recognition 
Ceremony and Birthdav Bash 
Thursdav, Mav 21, 5pm 
Cross-CuRural Calter 
RSVP: 619.534.9689' cccenter@ucsd.edu 

-

I (, e ,# DOl', FoiGO To KEEP ~ YOUR BOD COVERED WITH 
Itts-nttf." SUMMER SICKNESS 

& ACCIDENT INSUUNCE 
It's effective while traveling or staying 
home ••• protects contin!lity of coverage 

Students registered Spring 199 and students registered 
Summer '99 are eligible to purchase insurance 

SUMMEI PREMIUM $183.00 
ENROLLING NOW un'" Jul, '2'" 

Information and applications are available at 
Student Health Service • 0039 • 534·2123 

Monday. May 24, 1999 

spas, gym, salellite t.v. Quiet female 
preferred. Rent $475/mo. Call 340-3264 (pgr.) (5124-27) 
2 roommates to share conao. 1 mi. from 
UCSD. $35O/ea. own bath, pool, spa, 
tennis, garage. Call Tam 453-4634. (51 
24-27) 

• Roonvnate to share University City home. 
Near Vons, wid, garage, spacious yard. 
$400/mo. Call Tam 453-4634. (5/24) 
Roommate needed for summer. Single. 
5 min. from school. Nice area, nice place. 
Fumished $4151mo. Call Jason 453-1986. 
(5124-6/3) 
Room available: 1-2 clean , friendly 
female(s), share summer apt. 1 block 
from UCSD. Single $5121Double $300 + 
utils. 638-7931 . (5124) 
Summer sublet. Large master bdrmlbath. 
Pool, jacuzzi, lennis cts. Near UTClbus. 
Fumished/unfumished. Call457-8301 . (51 
24-611) . 
Beautiful rental close to UCSD. Two 
people to share master bedroomibath. 
Or one male to share room. Available 
asap. (619) 587-9070. (5124-27) _ 
NEAR UCSD. Clean, cool , computer 
engineering sr. shares. Park like, large 
patio, pool. Males only. $395. Call Brad 
(619) 638-0331 . (5124-613) 
Roommate(s) wanted to share 4 br home 
in UC. $45O/mo. 2 mi. from UCSD. Call 
678,8608 or<8l118il mfooteOucsd.edu (51 
24-27) 

FOR RENT 
1 BR fumished-8686 "C" Via Mallorca. 
Includes linens, kitchen supplies, sofa 
bed, new TVNCR. Pool, spa, gym. 
Available now $1350. Marietta 459-6944. 
(4/26-5/27) 
PRE·RENT your summer of fall of 99 
HOUSING. We have 2-3-4 or 5 bedroom 
houses or condos. Near UTC/uCSD. For 
appointment call 619-578-4257. (5/3-61 
3) 
Large 5 bedroom 2 bath house near La 
Jolia/UTC (fraa. Garage and fenced yard. 
Available Julyl or Sept. 1. $2600+. 
(619)578-4257. (513-613) 
Large fourbedroom'two bath Condo. Near 
La JolialUTC area. Large bedrooms. 
Available July 1 st or Sept. 1. $2200+ per 
month. (619)578-4257. (513-6/3) 
La Jotla Village Tennis. 2 maste~ltes 
wi balconies + denl3rd BR, 2.5 BA, dble 
gar. nr pool, spa, sauna, tennis $1800. 
(619) 450-1432. (5110-27) _ 
DON'T RENT- BUY THE CONDO! 
Cheaper than Rent! 20 year expert. REI 
MAX Coastal. Judith Haddox. (619) 274-
4477. Be a happy home owner. (5/17-61 
3) 
Fabulous ocean front white water views. 
North Pacific Beach. 2 br, 1 bath house. 
2 parking spaces. Clean. A bit old funky. 
No dishwasher. 3 person max. $1700 
mo. through Sept. $1300 mo. after. (619) 
272-6484. (5117-27) 
2 bedrooml1 .5 bathroom North 
Clairernont Apartment. Semi-furnished! 
balcony. Near bus . lines, shopping, 
beaches. $850. Andrew. 270-4765. 
Available 6115. (5117-613) 
La Jolla lumished large master bedroom 
with bath also fumished room and share 
bath. Non-smoker, utilities, cable, phone 
line, use 01 kitchen, parking included. 
Near UCSD and beach. $650 and $595. 
Private entrance. Available June 1 st and 
Mid-June or July 1st. Call (619) 459-
6322. (5117-24) 
Summer Sublet at Genesse Highlands 
from mid.JuM - mid-Sept. Female non· 
smokeF. own room, furnished. $3501mo. 
+ 113 utHities. (619) 638-0298. (5117-24) 
Summer sublet- spacious 2 bedl2 bath 
apartment in downtown SO (near 
Gaslamp). Available mid-June through 
Juty or August. Close to Ireeways (15 
minules to UCSD), buses, pool/spa, 
fitness center, tennis, underground 
parking. $975 month. Call 231-3476. (51 
24-613) 
------------ -Solana Beach Condo, ocean front 
complex. 2 Br., den, 2.5 Sa., light and 

airy, 2 pools, tennis courts. Mid-Sept. -
Mid June, SI600. Cindy (7t4) 680-3616, 
(714) 879-7200. (5I24~3) 

FOR SALE 
Moving Sale: Futon, desk, TV stand, 
dresser, lile cabinet, bike, vacuum, & 
more. Priced to sell. Call (619) 260-8013. 
(5/17 -::.;27,.!..) --::-::-::---,,....-::----:::-:-----:_ 
For Sale: 12" Crunch Pro Plus series 
woofers S300./pair. Targa-400 watt 
amplifier $50. Targa-200 watt amplifier 
$25. Excaliber- $25. Or $400 for all. 246-
0700. (5120-2:...:4!.-) _,--__ .....,-_ 
Couch lor sale- 6 piece sec1ional with 
fOld-away bed. Good condition- $50; 
dresser- $25. Call David 558-2171. (51 
24-27) 
Moving Sale: sofa wI love seat, dinner 
table, 2 desks, bunkbed frame, bookshelf-
Cheap and Great Condition! Call 558-
9352. (5/24-27) _ 
6 disc car cd changer $125. JBL 300 
watt amplifier $150. All oHers considered. 
Excellent quality. 458-0703. (5124) 

VV ANT E D 
EGG DONORS 

"'PlAKE A DIffER£llCE" 
in couples hves that are longing to 

have a family. They need your special 
HELP. 

" you Ira haaJIhy Ind batwean 
111-30 yra old. 

Compen .. tion is heartily given for 
your t.me and efforl-S3C:JO pIol 

$150 for Iraveraxpen_. 
Please call 

CIIlITIIIE an:EP1DL 11& 
1-888-'111-£889 

(' mail CClncEqq~ AOL corn 
web ~II(' Cf(,.1tl'-.ICCOnccptlOn nel 

Caucasian Research subjects reimbursed 
for interview. If you are a UCSD student, 
21 -26, call 552-8585 x4185 for more 
information. (1/11-613) 
Volunteers paid $30.00 for interview. II 
you are entirely of Japanese or Korean 
descent, age 21-26, call 552-8585 x 2182. (1f7-6EL ____ _ 

The UCSD Guardian 

Jewish Research subjects reimbursed 
for interview. If you are a UCSD student, 
21 -26, call 552-8585 x4185 lor more 
information. (1/11 -6/3) 

EGG DONORS NEEDED! 
Desperately wanted by infertile. hopeful 
parents. All races needed. Ages 21-30. 

Compensation $4.000. Please call 
OPTIONS National Fertility 

Relistry (800)886.9J 7l. 

Give the miracle of life- Becnming an egg 
donor. Females between 21 & 31 , call 
(619) 673-0885. (Compensation for time, 

inconvenien~12l16-6/3 ) 
Become an Egg Donor. Help make a 
couple's dream come true. Surrogate 
Parenting Services. (800)373-9525. (31 
11-611 ) 

----Heavy Menstrual Periods? More than 7 
days'? You may have a treatable bleeding 
disorder. We are conducting a research 
study requiring one visit including 
questionnaire and blood draw. Call to see 
if you qualify for free blood test. UCSD 

~-2815. (4/29-613) 

WE'RE LOOKING FOR A 
FEW GOOD SPERM! Sperm 
donors needed. Ages 20-3a.AII races. 

$50 per accepuble donation. Call 
OPTIONS National Fertility 

ReJistry (800)886-917l. 

Healthy men ages 25-50 years old are 
needed for noninvasive studies at the 
UCSD Medical Center in Hillcrest. Intact 
hearing requ ired . Free shuill e 
transportation is available. Earn up to 
$50. Call 543-2494 for information. (51 

~ 0-613 ) 
Roommate to share 3 bed/2ba In Mission 
Valley. Many immenities. $505/mo. + 1/3 
utilities. move in by 6/1199. Melissa 467-
0974. (5117-27) 
WANTED: 2 bedroom apartment, condo 
or townhouse to renViease starting in 
June, 1999. Preferably somewhere in the 
UCSDIUTC area. Call 458-9031 (5/20-61 
3) 

• 
Passport Color Copies: 

I 31l- 8 1fl xl1 Photos I : ... = $695~ictures 6se 8 tfl xll : 
I All offers expire 6/7/99 I 
I Attention Instructors: "We Do Course Packets" I 
: ~ ~II!.V~~ ~u~e~ ~52 ~J~la~i~g':'D.:. !t~~:.91)!t.?! 
------------------------

MOTOROlA 
EXPRESSXTRA 

iO-1'I1OS5O!!C mtmOIY • lime & date 
Slamp • 7 mu5lCai oIerts·i'«n 

$5~ 

illumination/Computer Game Study: $1 5 
for approx. 1 hr. of your time. Healthy 
right-handed MALES, ages 18-55, drug 
free, with no psychiatric history needed. 
Study investigates eyeblink response & 
percept ionl information processing. 
UCSDMC, Hillcrest. Call 543-2314. (51 
24-27) 
WE WANT ITI What: Your 3 bedroom 
apartment, condo, or townhouse to renl. 
When: this Sept. forthe 1999-2000 school 
year. Where: Preferably something in 
UCSD/UTC area. Why: We're hard 
working college kids needing a place to 
live. Call us ASAP at 455-7827. Thank 
You !(5/24-6/3) 

SERVICES 
Passport Photos, $6.95. Color Copies, 
75e, with 10. CAL COpy (619) 452-9949. 
La Jolla Village Square. (next to Tower 
Records). (4:..;./1~9-6.:.:.1:::.13 )~ ___ _ 
NEED A TUTOR? SUCCESS TutOring 
Services. Hundreds 01 tutors available 
for all subjects . Reasonable rates. 
(619)51 -TUTOR. (619) 5t8-8867. Http:// 
www.welcome.tollutor (513-613) 
Herpes and Cold Sores: Emotional 
support and accurate medical information. 
Call San Diego City HELP at (619) 491 -
1194 for recorded info. (5/24) 

LOST & FOUND 
Missing: Compaq 1235 laptop computer 
from Black Hall! Warren Apartments on 
Sunday, March 7th. Reward for its return 

CLASSIFIEDS 13 

or information leading to its return. Call 
455-7827 or e-mail : 
Stars91913@abl.com (4/12-6/3) 

PERSONALS 
Coming up fast: the end of Spring Quarter 
and time for the Guardian's Graduation 
Issue, Thursday June 3rdl Ad 
reservation deadline is the day after 
Memorial Day, Tuesday June 1 st, 2 pm! 
(5/17-6/1) 
Namita (OM) A chance meeting at a gym, 
I thought that there would always be a 
tomorrow to meet again. With an 
opportunity missed, and in an in slant of 
time the woman with amazingly beautifu l 
eyes and rare passion for life was gone. 
This is an unconventional message lor a 
second chance to begin again. Even a 
budhist believes in following his heart 
even for a one in a million chance. Nikki 
523-9673. (5120-24) 
Darwin's Waiting Room: The state of 
Tennessee has met populist demand and 
passed a law allowing residents to keep 
"roadkill' for their own consumption. 
Meaning, if Zeke flattens a badger in his 
Dodge Polara, he's perfecUyfreetoscoop 
it up arid serve it at home as vittles fer Ma 
and Pa. (5/24) 
Ricky Martin? When did this ex-member 
of Menudo become the next Elvis? (5124) 
The La Jotla Shores Association wants to 
start enforcing a ban on nudity at Black's. 
This robs me of one of my best lines: 
Hey-I'm naked. (5/24) 

5 X 6 • $23 per mo. 
5 X 7· $25 permo. 
5 X 8· $27 permo. 

With student 1. 0 . $5.00 Adm. lee 
Includes FREE lock. 
Lift to upstairs units 

Other sizes available 

EATING DISORDER 
Day Treatment Program 

This unique, comprehen sive program 
offers a multidisciplinary team 

that includes a psychologi st, physician, 
psychiatrist, dietician. activity therapi st, 

movement and arllherapist, marriage 
and family therapist, certified fitness 

trainer and a yoga specialist. 

We are able to accomodate treatment to 
suit your school needs. 

For information, enrollment and seminar schedule, 
contact Program Founder Dr. Divya Kakaiya 

'e.~ 4510 Executive Drive, #102 
~ San Diego, CA 92121 ~jjll ~~?~~~::?:21 

ACCENT c: o 
.. 
as 
t:: 
o 
a. 
CJ) 
c: . 
as 

UMMER JO 
CJ) 
..... 

c: 
:::J 
o 
(.) 
CJ) 
i:5 
..... 

c: 
Q) 
'0 
:::J 
..... 

en 

CAR RENTAL 
224-9924 

.... 

.-

Q) 
.£) 

.~ 
Q) 

COMPACTS a: 
Rent a nearly new car for HALF the price of 

a new one 

$10-$25 ~ hour GUARANTEED 
Minutes from UC5D 
Casual working atmosphere 

No dress code 
Flexible hours 

Positions available now or summer 
CALL AMY. 298-:3400 



14 FEATURES The UCSD Guardian 

SPECIALS!~ 
w;,h I n 

Mira Mesa 
SELF STORAGE LLC 

7044 Flanders Drive 
t/ CLEAN, SECURE, FRIENDLY STAFF 

t/ HILTONTM QUALITY AT MOTEL 8™ PRICES 
t/ ALL GROUND FLOOR UNITS 't/ NO SECURITY DEPOSIT or ADMIN. FEES 

t/ CALL FOR GUARANTEED RESERVATION WITH CREDIT CARD . 
t/ PLAN AHEADI RESERVE NOWI 

.. ; 

3,d MONTH FREE \ ~ MIRA ~ ,\ !~~~. BI~d . ~_,=",,"5_x_5_'S_&_5_x_l_0_'S __ "'I: ' ( ~~I 5*.. !! 
_ u ;~~~_~ 

-453:!l,11rE tl~ _ ... ,~~.:", I l 
-

"Fall" into a new school year 
with a class in theatre or dance! 

THGE 11 Good Fellas, WI8e Guys and Godfathers: 
~oIlywood and the Mob. With full screenings of landmark 
gangster films of the thirties through the more contemporary 
wiseguys featured in the films of Martin Scorcese and Francis Ford 
Coppola. The class will also feature dips of many more films of the 
genre intercut with documentary footage of the cops and robbers 
they memorialize. Mondays 2:()()-6:OOPM, Price Center 
Theatre. No Prerequisites. 

THGE 1 Introduction to Theatre 
A fast paced look at the art of theatre. What makes theatre exciting 
in strange performances from the Burning Man Festival to the 
La Jolla Playhouse to Broadway. 
Mon, Wed 2:30-3:20 Center 105 

You can act! This series of classes is designed for students 
who always wanted to explore the art of acting but never had the 
opportunity for formal training. 
THAC 1 Introduction to ActIng. Jump in and get your feet wet! 
Through a variety of exercises and improvisations, we will explore 
the imagination as the actor's primary resource and break down the 
barriers that inhibit creativity. See schedule for days, times, 
and locations (lots of choice.l). No Prerequisites. 

You can dance, too! The beginning level dance courses 
are designed to introduce you to the basic principles, concepts, and 
terminology in the areas of Balet (THDA 1), Modem (THDA 2), 
and Jazz (THDA 3). They are a great opportunity to increase your 
knowledge or passion for dance. In Fall 99, students will have the 
opportunity to enroll in Pre-Ballet (THDA 4). This course is 
designed for the novice and will focus on correct postural alignment 
and establish a basic foundation for understanding ballet. 
See schedule for days, times, end Iocations 
(lots of choices). No Prerequisites. 

THDA 16 Musical Theatre Dance B: 1~1960. SWlngI 
Get out your zoot suits and loafers and come learn the dances of the 
thirties and forties. Sign up for a class in swing dancing: learn East 
Coast, West Coast, Lindy, and Jitterbug. Dance Studio 3. 
357423 T, Th 5:46'-7:05PM. 
357424 M, W 6:~7:5OPM. 

PATHWAYS: 
Vibrant 'culture with 
food, music, dance 
Continued from ...... 
and to enjoy a hot meal. 

An important characteristic of 
the Sikh religion is its emphasis on 
equality. Historically, Sikhs have 
encountered persecution, discrimi-
nation and social injustice because 
of a lack of equal treatment. The 
Sikh ideology requires that one be 
devoted to upholding the highest 
standards of non-di scrimination. 
This mentality is particularly 
apparent when one examines the 
Sikhs' views on women and on' 
other religions. 

During the religion 's infancy, 
the 10 prophets proclaimed the 
equality of men and women and 
empowered them as social and 
'piritual leaders , generals and 
freedom fighters. Today some of 
the highest posts of the Sikh orga-
nizational structu re are held by 
women. 

The 10 prophets also urged all 
Sikhs to respect and honor the 
right of other people to choose 
their own religion . They even 
went so far as to advocate that 
people of other religions follow 
their own religion 's path more 
strictly. Today, the Sikh temples 
are place where people of all reli-
gions are invited to participate 
equally. II is nOI uncommon to sec 
a Hindu or a Muslim attending a 
Sikh service. 
Today 

Currently, Sikh people are 
active in a.1I walks of life, holding 
careers as doctors. lawyers. scien-
tists, engineers, community leaders 
and just about every other imagin-
able occupation. Many Sikhs have 
come to be particularly prominent 
in the transportation sector and cor-
ner-store enterprises, where they 
are often unflatteringly viewed. 

Monday, May 24, 1999 

But even still , few allow this di -
crimination to hamper them. 
Instead, they fight back with the 
principal of chardi-kala, or 
"unbounded optimism." 

Harpreet Singh Toor, a worker 
in the city controller 's office in 
New York, uses education to ' 
increase the awareness and under-
standing of Sikhs. 

"Sometimes, people don't know 
what I am," said Toor. "But that 's 
OK. I believe in educating them to 
learn." 

The Sikh people bring with 
them a vibrant culture, mixed with 
delicious food and a contagious 
and explosive style of music and 
dance k.own as bhangra. Explod-
ing into popularity recently, 
bhangra has brought into the lime-
light a new breed of DJs and dance 
floor frenzies, rocking the heads of 
people around the world. 

For many years, Sikhs have 
struggled to be successful and pro-
ductive members of society while 
maintaining their rich cultural tra-
ditions. Over the years, they havc 
been hampered by public discrimi-
nation and unnamed hardships, but 
it seems that things are linally 
looking up. Just a' few weeks ago, 
several United Stales governors, 
including Ihose from Ohio and 
Texas, named April 13 "The Day of 
Ihe Khalsa" in honor of the brolher-
hood of Khalsa. 
SOLUTIONS 

PACIFICIEIBELL® 
PRESENTS 

A SPECIAL ADVANCE SCREENING 

Wednesday May 26 
7:00 PM 

Price Center Theater 

Pick up FREE Passes at the 
Price Center Box Office starting 

Tuesday May 25 @ noon 
-~ UniversIty EYIIIlIS 0IIIce 

Monday, May 24, 1999 The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 15 

Volleyball Says Bye to Trio GOLF: Late-action magic 
garners second place 
Continued from pa~e 16 

straight National Championshi p 
last week. After all , it offer full 
scholarships to its players and is 
the only school in thc nation to 
offer a golf major. But it was not a 
given that the UCS D golf team 
would finish second, e pecially 
after its lack- luster opening pair of 

GOODBYE: Stevenson faces the task of replacing his three leaders 
By Bill Burger 
Senior Staff Writer 

When the UCSD men 's vol-
leyball team linished its tinal 
match against Long Beach State 
last April , three long and 
eventfu l careers came to a 
close. Seniors 
Kurt Seckington, I •• NIO 
Bill Sinclair and 
Devon Jeffcoat all graduate 
in June and will he missed by 
Coach Jon Stevenson 's team. 

Seckington was a four-year 
starter for the Tritons and was 
relied upon to set up the Triton 
olTense. Seckington led the Tritons 
in both assists and service al:es. 
Beyond the numbers. Seckington 
was the emotional leader of the 
Tritons while they were on thc 
court. It was very common to sec 
him calming down a teammate 
who wa~ obviously shaken up. 
diving for balls that were or. the 
verge of going into the stand~. or 
waving hi arms in the air to Mir 
up the crowd. Both his athletic tal -
ent and leadership wi II be greatly 

Bill Sinclair: 
A force in the 
middle, 
Sinclair 
paced the 
Tritons with 
84 blocks 
and 200 
kills . 

missed. 
Middle blockcr Bill Sinclair 

also began with the Tritons in 
1995 and immediately received a 
great deal of playing time. This 
year. Sinclair led the Tritons in 

both blocks and blocks per 
game. He also was 
second on the 
team in hilling 
percentag~ and third in 

kills and games played. Sinclair 
peaked late in the year and was 
probably UCSD's primary ofTen-
sive force by the end of the scason. 

Sinclair said his favorite vol-
leyball memories at UCSD were 
the big wins. 

"The weck we beat USC and 
Long Beach Statc [in 1996] would 
have t() he my favorite memory," 
Sinclair said of his team 's hack-to-
back upsets of Di vision I teams his 
sophomore year. "Both matches 
went to live games and we man-
aged to pu-!Ithcm out. Those wins 
secured us a spot in the Division 
III playo lTs that year." 

Jeffcoat. who also began play-
Devon 
Jeffcoat: 
As the 
Tritons most 
efficient 
hitter, 
Jeffcoat 
totalled 234 
kills and 78 
blocks. 

ing for the Tritons in 1995, was 
one of UCSD's main offensive 
threats and provided a quiet yet 
prominent force at middle blocker. 
Jeffcoat paced the Tritons in kill 
percentage, was second in kills 
and was also second in both total 
blocks and blocks per game on the 
team. When the Tritons were 
struggling early in the season, 
Jeffcoat was often the only reliable 
offensive weapon that the Tritons 
had to counter the bigger Division 
I allackers. Against Division III 
opponents, Jeffcoat was almost 
unstoppable and at times it was 
obvious from the stands that when 
a key kill was needed, the et was 
going to go to Jeffcoat. 

Stevenson now fal:es the 
unenviable task of replal:ing 
the~e three stars. The offense and 
defense that they provided was 
large. but the leadership and 
maturity that they showed was a 
guiding light ' for the tea m the 
entire year. Their presence will 
he missed and never l:ompletcly 
replaced. 

Kurt 
Secklngton: 
The Tritons ' 
emotional 
leader also 
led the team 
with 1063 
assists and 
26 service 
aces . 

Pel ric tied for 281h; Page tied for 
341h; and Cassarino lied for 42nd. 

In addition to their strong indi-
vidual performances, Wydra said 
that Petrie and Cassarino al 0 
received all -Amcri can scholar 
awards for their outstanding golf-
ing and GPAs. 

In a way, it was a given that 
Methodi t would win its sixth-

TRACK: 
Four Tritons named 
All-Americans 
Continued from _e 16 
the 400-meter hurdle . In the finals , 
she set a new personal record with 
a time of 62.44 'cconds, placing 
her mth overall and earni ng her 
All-American honors. 

"E veryone in the race had to 
work hard to get there. so you knew 
they were all goi ng to give it every-
thing thcy had," RodrigucL said. 
"Last year I made it all the way to 
finals and then failed to cam All-
American honors. This year I took 
that fee ling of not making it last 
year with me and made sure I did 
what it took." 

Seefeld's heave of 177' II " in 
the hammer throw was seventh all -
time at UCSD and placed him 
eighth overall in the final , good 
for All -American honors. Also 
l:Ompeting on the Tritons' behalf 
was freshman Steve Smith. Smi th 's 
first nati onal championship experi-

rounds. -
Wydra attests thi s late-action 

magic to the team's versatil ity. 
"We also get along very well 

and our team chemistry is very 
good," Wydra said. ''Thi s itthe best 
team I' ve ever had from the bottom 
to the top." 

ence was unkind to him as he ran a 
personal best time of I :51 .51 in the 
800-meters qualifiers - a time that 
would have earned first or second · 
had he been in another heat. But as 
luck would have it. hi s time was 
only good enougb for 'ixth in his 
own heat and he fail ed to reach the 
linals in that event. 

On thc same day, junior James 
Frecman, who owns the schoo l 
record in the 110 hi gh hurdles with 
a time of 14.50, ran a 15.09 in the 
qualifiers and failed to makc the 
finals. Also falling short of making 
it to finals was junior Chri sti 
Nonon, whose throw of 120' II " in 
the discus fell just II feet short of 
pUlling her in the final s. 

Sophomore Meghan SCOll' 
time of 10:34. 14 in the finals of the 
3,000-meters was 'one of her best of 
the year, but it was not enough to 
earn All-American honors. 

For his dedication and hard work 
throughout the year, Tri ton Head 
Coach Ted Van Arsdale wa~ ~e lected 
by his peers as the NCAA Division 
1II Women's Coach of the Year. 

Get a higher score. 
Then change the 

world. 
Setting your Sights high? Before making your mark, you'll 
need to ace your tests. No one can prepare you better 
than Kaplan. With 60 years of proven success getting 
students into the schools of their choice, we're the #1 
name in test prep. Classes are filling up fast, so call today. 

1-800-KAP-TEST 
www.kaplan.com 

WORLD LEADER IN TEST PREP 

• 

· . 

• 



16 SPORTS The UC D Guardian Monday, May 24, 1999 

.""". 110 tOlll1t« 

... ,to"..._, 
_,,,.. ,.0 foot. 
/MIl." 

- Nonn Van 810cktyn 
former Nfl qu.,terbKk PORTS 

Reality 
Check 
Bill Burger 
Let's Make a Deal: 
You play, then I pay 

Admittedly I had a hard time 
concentrati ng on sports last 
week. Whenever two cata-
clysmic events such as the open-
ing of "The Phantom Menace," 
and UCSD's annual Sun God 
Festival fa ll within a week of 
each other. it is hard to think of 
anyth ing el e. Combine that wi th 
midterms and papers and there 
was hardly any free time at all. 

However. right before goi ng 
to bed on Wednesday. I turned 
on the computer and read about 
the signing of Texas running 
back Ricky Williams with the 

ew Orleans Sai nts. 
Williams. who won the 

Heisman Trophy laM year for 
being the nation's top player. se t 
numerous NCAA career 
records. He was drafted fourth 
by the ai nt who gave up their 
entire draft to acquire the fi ghts 
to Williams. All Igns pointcd 
toward a mega-million dollar 
contract for Williams before he 
even set foot on the field . 

But instead of taking big _ 
money up front , Williams signed 
a contract loaded with incentives 
for exceptional play. The deal 
guarantees that Williams gets II 
million over eight years. but he 
cou ld earn up to an astounding 
68.4 million if he achieves 26 
incenti ves laid out in the con-
tract. What is more. like normal 
workers and unlike most NFL 
players. Williams does not have 
an escape clause in his contract. 
so he has to abide by what he 
briginally agreed to for the 
.longevity of the contract. 

You have all heard me moan 
about what is wrong wi th 
sports. Well this is an example 
of something right. Why should 
these 22 year olds be given gar-
gantuan sums of money before 
they even play an NFL play? 
Why should that money be 
guaranteed to them even if they 
never play one down? 

Every young star has confi -
dence in his abilities. If that 
confidence is strong enough this 
is the only Id nd of contract that 
makes sense. Making contracts 
performance based increases 
incentives to work and improve. 

It is doubtful that contracts 
such as these will ever become 
standard simply because of this 
reason: Agents hate this deal 
because it sets the bar of achieve-
ment too high and that directly 
effects their pocketbooks. 

Despite the uproar streaming 
from agents and other draftees 
about this deal , I commend 
Ricky Williams on his self-con-
fidence and his willingness to 
stand up and fight against some-
thing that is obviously detract-
ing from the purity and spirit of 
spons. 

ASS. 
MAGIC 
Finding themselves in eighth place after two 
rounds, the Tritons unleashed their power in the· 
Bay State and took econd at Nationals 
By John Maynard 
Sports Editor 

It was a lillie like Siegfried and 
Ro . But not nearly as cheesy. 

There were no white tigers. no 

Mati Cassarino. Ben Page and 
Kevin Petrie also held their own 
shooting 74, 74 and 79. respectively. 

"I knew that we'd break 300 .in 
one of our rou nds. but the condi-

pyrotechnics and dc!i nitcly tions were very diflicult,'· 
no tight pants and Wydra . aid . .. It 's a testa-
setjulOcd . hins. but the ment to the quality of 
UCSD golf team thei r play." 

• ...... 'JQOLF I played like the very ---- - - . Wydra also said 
best in Las Vegas enter- that coupled wi th the 
ta inment last Wednesday Tritons' qua lity of play, 
and Thur 'day in the !inal was the group's unsurpassed 
two rounds of the NCAA Division team support and sense of unity. 
III allonal Champion 'hip ' in Bad weather postponed Donahoe's 
Willi amstown. Mass. third-round play. and when he had 

Al'ter upening the tournament to linish it at 7:30 a.m. Thursday 
with a pair of average rounds on morning. Wydra said that the entire 
Monday and Tuesday. Head Coach team was up and waiting for him 
Mike Wydra 's Tritons knew they on the 18th green. 
had to come through big-time in "Everyone is closely-knit both 
Wednesday 's third-round if they athletically and personally," Wydra 
wantcd to have a shot for the ti lle. said . "There is great support , even 
They did . from the parents:' 

The team turned in a school- Wydra, who has coached live 
record score of 292 on Wednesday, second-place teams and one 
and jumped five spots in the stand- National Championship team, said 
ings. from eighth place to third that this year's team is the tightest 
place. Then on Thursday, the knit group he has ever worked with. 
Tritons leaped over Greensboro In all . the Tritons worked with 
College with a learn-total 310 to 
capture the second place trophy. 
Methodist College. the five-time 
defending NCAA Division III 
champion. captured its ninth title in 
10 years with a four-day total 1190 . 
27 strokes ahead of the Tritons. 

In Wednesday 's record-breaking 
third round. senior Greg Johnson led 
the charge with an even-par 71. 
Junior James Donahoe followed his 
second-team All-American team-
mate with a two-over par 73. and 

1.. ......... c..... 
2.UC ... Dl·to 
3. .......... CoD" 
4. WlKOMIn-Eltu C''''' 
... .,.,..", CeII_ 
•• • ",..y Unlr""'y 
7 ........ ...,.". 
•• OhIo ~y_ UnI" 

JUliUS Choll Guardian 
'.p It In: Sophomore Brian Revelli rolls in a putt The Tritons ' 
youth will make for another promising season next year. 

one another and effectively deci-
phered the green's contours by the 
tournament's later rounds. Their 
shon-game improvements proved 
to be the deciding factor between 
eighth place and second place. 

Johnson. was UCSD's top con-
tender and finished eighth overall. 
garnering second team all-
American honors. His four-round, 

Day 1. 
_2 

297 297 
31.2 303 
304 stU 
307 302 
299 309 
312 305 
309 293 
316 310 

20-0ver par total of 304, was 20 
strokes back of the tournament's 
winner. Chad Collins of Methodist. 

Donahoe's 22-over par 306 was 
good enough for a sixth place tie as 
well as third-team all-American 
honors. 

Petrie, Page and Cassarino all 
finished in the top 45 individually. 

See GOLF, Page 15 

1227 

1240 

Running for All-American Honors 
ON IT: A slew of Tritons faired well during last weekend's Div. III Nationals 
By Saul Sheridan 
Senior Staff Writer 

This meet was the meet that 
every member of the UC San 
Diego track and field team 
dreamed of competing in . This 
meet was why they practiced 
day in and day out since 
fall quarter. This was 
the pinnacle of all 
track and field com-
petition. This was 
the NCAA Division 
National Championships. 

The Tritons brought eight com-
petitors to this year's event held in 
Berea, Ohio. When it was all over, 
the Triton men finished in 25th 
place and the women placed 38th. 

Lincoln University was unstop-
pable and took home both the men's 
and women's championships. 

Among the great-eight who 
went to Ohio. the best performance 

was All -American James 
Nielsen's championship run 

5,OOO-meter. Nielsen's 
winning time of 
14:29.lll was the 
second fastest time 
in UCSD history. 

With that first-place run, 
Nielsen completed a spectac-

ular season that included an incred-
ible 5,OOO-meter title against a field 
of Division I competition at the 
California-Nevada Championships 
just one month earlier. 

For his accomplishments 
throughout the season, Nielsen was 
selected by the NCAA Division III 
coaches as the West Region Track 
Athlete of the Year. 

Nielsen was not the only Triton 
to bring home All-American hon-
ors. There were three others. 
Junior Jessica Shugart, Nicole 
Rodriguez and Matt Seefeld. 

Shugart finished seventh place 
in a furious, fast-paced final in the 
200-meters in which she clocked a 
time of 25.19 seconds. Shugart'S 
time in the finals was the third 
fastest time ever in UCSD hiSlory. 

Rodriguez ran a personal-best 
time of 62.58 to qualify for finals in 

See 1IIACK, Page 15 


