
Elsewhere 
'MIl'" Votes In 
'.¥Or of lnItIIdIve 
HANOVER, N.H. -
Dartmouth College's faculty 
voted unanimously on 
Thursday to suppon the con-
troversial social and residen-
tial life initiative by the col-
lege's Board of Trustees, 
which, if approved, would 
eliminate single-sex fraterni-
ties and sororities on the cam-
pus. The faculty members 
voted 82-0 to suppon a reso-
lution that stated the faculty 
suppons the live principles of 
the Trustees' proposal. In 
recent weeks, students at the 
college have held rallies 
against the proposal. 

- The Dartmouth 

E ...... ICr .... 
, ...... lit It.ford 
PALO ALTO, Calif. - About 
150 law students attended a 
meeting called by Law School 
Dean Paul Brest on 
Wednesday to discuss an 
anonymous, student-authored 
e-mail that attacked visiting 
African American Professor 
Kendall Thomas. 'The e-mail 
was sent to Thomas' constitu-
tional law students, and it 
questioned Thomas's legiti-
macy as a scholar, teacher and 
lawyer. In an e-mail sent to 
students on Wednesday mom-

- ing, Brest said that he con-
demns the attack but defended 
the author's First Amendment 
right to remain anonymous. 
Students have accused the 
author of violating university 
policy with regards to using 
student e-mail accounts. 

- The Stall/ord Daily 

Gllmbl .... Money 
.., ...... IcIIooIa 
IOWA CITY, Iowa - Iowa 
Governor Tom Vilsack -
announced on Wednesday that 
he wants to transfer $60 mil-
lion from the university's 
General Fund to the 
Infrastructure Fund for inter-
nal improvements at Iowa's 
three universities. The money 
for both funds comes from 
gambling revenue. While the 
university'S Board of Regents 
approved the measure during 
its meeting on Wednesday, 
many board members also 
said that the proposal would 
be hotly contested in the Iowa 
State Legislature. If approved, 
the measure will increase the 
funding for the three schools 
from $173.7 million to $236.3 
million. Under current law, 
gambling revenue is divided 
between the Infrastructure 
Fund and the General Fund, 
which pays for the universi-
ty's faculty salaries and other 
institutional expenses. 

- The Daily Iowa" 

Spoken ... 
"California s future 
economic vitality 
requires higher 
enrollments in our 
graduate programs_ " 

-C·"""KIIW 
uc PnMIst/Senior V.P., fademIc AIfsirs 

See*YII. 

Internet: _.UCSd.edu/~ 
E-mail: IUMr1IIIIIfIuctJd.tJdu 

The Best and Brightest Safaty?? Sluggers ~ 
ca Psychotherapist Mary Higgins announces Writers debate what the Womens water polo 

her second annual "Most Eligible future holds for the breezes by UCSC with Z 
0 BachelorlBachelorette" contest Social Security system a finaL score of 13-6 

Feature., page 9 Opinion, page 4 Sports, page 16 

, H E U 

UC SAN DIEGO MONDAY, FEBRUARY 22,1999 

Courtesy of UnNersity Communications 
.... ,ry: McElroy helped to increase UCSO's research 
budget and build up the humanities and social sciences. 

UCSD-'s Fourth 
Chancellor Passes Away 
~ Served as school's 
head from 1972-1980; died at 
age 82 at Scripps Memorial 

Senior Staff ~e, 
Former UCSD Chancellor William 

McElroy passed away last Wednesday at 
the age of 82. McElroy died of respiratory 
failure at Scripps Memorial Hospital in San 
Diego. 

McElroy served as chancellor at UCSD 
from 1972 to 1980. Prior to coming to 

community - has earned him a prominent 
and pennanent place in the university's his-
tory. 

"lowe him a special debt for his counsel, 
support and friendship during my tenure as 
chancellor," Atkinson added. 

Chancellor Roben Dynes said that 
McElroy's achievements were wide ranging. 

"Bill McElroy was a gifted man of 
extraordinary distinction," Dynes said. 
"His research led to new medical diagnos-
tics; he directed the nation's two most pres-
tigious scientific bodies; he led the fledg-
ling UCSD campus during a critical time of 

UCSD, McElroy served as 
president of the National 
Science Foundation. After 
leaving his post as chancel-
lor in 1980, McElroy 
remained at UCSD to write, 
research and teach biology. 

"Sill McElroy 
w ... _ed its growth, and was beloved as a caring, humane person. He leaves an enviable and 

well-deserved legacy." 
..... of 
en .... ..., 
distinction. " 

A press release distrib-
uted by the university stat-
ed that during McElroy's 
tenure as chancellor, the University of California 

President Richard Atkinson 
said last Wednesday that 
McElroy was a valuable 
friend and chancellor. 

UCSD research budget 
- Robert Dynea went from $40 million to 

Chancellor $120 million. It also stated 
that projects such as the Geisel Library, the 
Gildred Cancer Center and the Mandeville 
Auditorium were completed during these 
years. 

"Bill McElroy was a good friend, a bril-
liant scientist and a major reason for UC 
San Diego's evolution into the great uni-
versity it is today," Atkinson said. "His vig-
orous leadership during UC San Diego's 
formative yean - particularly his success 
in forging links between the campus and 

lmmo Scheffler, a UCSD biology profes-
sor who came to UCSD around the same 
time as McElroy, said that in addition to his 

See a.nuAIIY, Page 2 

C 5 D 

VOLUME 96, ISSUE ' IS 

UC Officials 
Discuss Growth 
in Enrollment 
INCREASE: 60,000 more students 
expected to come to UC by 20 I 0 
By KJ..Mln Sunc 
Senior Staff Writer 

To accommodate the increasing growth in stu-
dent enrollments, UC officials are considering a 
range of options for expanding student capacity at 
the University of California in the coming decade. 

The university estimates that its total general -
campus enrollment wi II grow 10 more than 210.000 
full -time students by 2010. This number - which is 
based on projections from the State Department of 
Finance - is more than 60,000 students above the 
present enrollment level. 

This amount of growth would exceed the univer-
sity's existing enrollment plans by more than 20.000 
students. 

Currently, there are 122,500 undergraduate stu-
dents and 26,000 graduate students in the University 
of California . 

University Office of the Prcsident (UCOP) 
Senior Public Information Representative Brad 
Hayward said the university is considering several 
options to address the enrollment demand. He also 
said that these plans will most likely meet the enroll-
ment needs. 

One option is to increase enrollment at off-cam-
pus locations through new outlets such as Education 
Abroad Programs and UC/DC. 

Hayward said the university will also conduct a 
study of the most effective ways of utilizing the sum-
mer term. However, he said that any changes in the 
summer term would require serious examination. 

'The university will also reevaluate assumptions 
underlying the campuses' Long Range Development 
Plans (LRDPs). Formed in the late I 980s, these phys-
ical planning statements contain campus enrollment 
limits that are related to the development of campus 
facilities and estimates of likely enrollment demand. 

Additionally, UCOP stated that effons will also 
be made by the UC system to encourage the enroll-
ment of more graduate students. Enrollments in UC 
graduate programs were lower in 1997-98 than they 
were in 1987-88, both in number and as a percent-
age of total enrollment. 

Over the last 30 years, graduate enrollment has 
increased 7 percent, while undergraduate enrollment 
has risen 100 percent. 

UC Provost and Senior Vice President of 
Academic Affairs C. Judson King said the 
University of California is planning to enroll at least 
7,800 additional graduate students by 2010. 

''The university remains committed 10 maintain-
ing access for all eligible undergraduates under the 
Master Plan for higher education, and growth in 
undergraduate enrollment remains an important part 
of our planning," King said. "At the same time, 
California's future economic vitality requires higher 
enrollments in our graduate programs." 

King also said that California's success in the 
global high-tech economy is tied to the innovations 
and a trained workforce that university research and 
a graduate education provide. 

UC President Richard Atkinson emphasized the See_-, Page 7 



2 NEWS 

OBITUARY: 
McElroy taught 
after stepping down 
ContInued frOlll .... e 1 
work in the science,. McElroy will 
also be n:membered a, a great chan-
cellor for expanding the nun-\Clcnce 
departments at UCSD. 

"He built up tht: humallltics and 
social sClenc:~ department ..... 
Scherncr said. "For eight years. hl! 
had a vay central and II1lluential 
role at UCSD.·· 

SchdTler said that after 
McElroy stepped down a~ chancel-
lor. he continucd 10 teach \:Iasscs of 
50 to 60 students in mannc bio-
chemistry. He said that as a biology 
prufessor in the 19XOs. McElroy 
was a quiet . olde! man who was 
"winding down." 

"At that time he had led a very 
substanti al career." Scheffler s:IId. 
"He had major impacts here arid it 
was certainly a successfu l period at 
UCSD." 

Schemer said that in the early 
·XOs. McElroy was awarded a large 
sum of money from a loca l group. 
which he donatcd to the univer,ity. 

"He donated the l1loney to an 
endowment in till: bIOlogy depart-
ment. which has paid for an annual 
McElroy lectureship." Scheffler 
said. ··It brings in fairly prolmnent 
people for an annual lecture that 
draws around 2oo peoplc." 

Scheffler added that McElroy 
wi ll always be remembered in the 
scientilic field for the work he did 
prior to coming to UCSD. 

"His fame and recognition is 
based on the work he did in the 
'50s and '60s," Scheffler said. " His 
discoveries in bioluminescence 
were very fundamental." 

The statement released by the 
university reported that McElroy's 
interest in luminescent bugs 
stemmed from his graduate school 

days. when lireflies attracted to the 
light of his cigar hit him in the face. 
This curiosity encouraged McElroy 
to pursue the study of biolumines-
cence and eventually make impor-
tant discoveries in the field. Along 
with his late wife biochemist 
Marlenc DeLuca. McElroy was thc 
lirst to Isolatc the Im:ll) en/ymc. 

At"inson said thJt McElroy's I 
achic\cmcnts h:ll c had lasting 
cffecls In the sClentilic lield. 

"Bi ll's II1tcllectual a(;hievements 
exemplify the creali ve lire that has 
made UC faculty renowned 
throughout the world," Atkinson 
said. '"Among his enduring legacies 
is the pioneering work he (;onduct-
cd on bioluminescence 40 years 
ago. which w ntinues to bear fruit in 
research performed today on 
A.I.D.S. and other disea~es. He was 
an ex traordinaril y gifted man who 
will be greatly missed." 

McElroy, a nati ve of Rogers, 
Texas. received a bachelor 's degree 
from Stanford University. a mas-
ter 's degree from Reed College in 
Oregon and a doctorate from 
Princeton Uni versity. All degrees 
were in biology and biochemistry. 

McElroy also served two years 
with the U.S. Omce of Scientific 
Research and Development before 
joining the faculty of Johns 
Hopkins Uni versi ty in 1946. After 
joi ning the uni versity, McElroy 
direcled the McCollum-Pratt 
Institute for 20 years and chaired 
the uni versity's biology depanment 
from 1956 until 1969, when 
President Nixon nominated him to 
head the National Science 
Foundation. 

McElroy is survived by his wife 
Olga Robles McElroy of San Diego 
alld his sister Lola Rector of Pismo 
Beach, Calif. McElroy is also sur-
vived by five children from his pre-
vious marriages to the deceased 
Marlene DeLu.ca and Nella Winch. 

G iJiilo IAN 
WALT DICKINSON 

Editor In Chief 
JULIA KULlA-MADER • MEl"" SMITH 

Mana.qing Editors 
TABITHA GRANSHAW • LAURA KNIGHTEN 

Copg Editors 
LEENA SHANKAR. ERIKA SNIDER 

News Editors 
JESSICA SCHEPPMANN features Editor 

MARC COMER 
Opmion Editor 

JAKE GORDON. JOHN MAYNARD 
Sports Edt/ors 

NICK RUNCO 
Desiqn /::d,lor 

TRAVIS HIU 
Associate Sports Editor 

LINDSAY SWORSKI 
Hiatus Editor 

DAVID LEE 
Associate Hialus Edilor 

DAvt LUBITZ 
Photo Editor 
LISA HUff 

Associale Pholo Editor 
JOHN BARBEll 

Graphics Editor 

EDITORIAL ASSlSTAfifTS Jesse Fisher. Scott Shibata 
SENIOR STAFF WlII1UIS 

John Barber. Jeff Barker. Bill Byrger. GeneV1eVe Cox. Theodore Dokko. Vincent Gragnafll, Mary 
HlgglflS. Laura Knighten. Oave Lublt.l , Anf\am Manthiram. Jenny NI~son , Ma'" Smith. Scon ¥ager 

STAFF WRITERS 
Shannon Castle. Brent Oon, BerHaM Fan, Karl Friedman, Brooke Garrettson. Jennifer Grady, 

Nllou Mosto'! , ChnstulE! Pangan. Jacob ScheChter, Eve Senuty 
IUUSTRATORS 

Mike Belle. Kristine Chang. AUSIin HSla. Allee Lin, Joe Pan. Josephine Roberts, Nicholas Runco 
DESIGNERS Karen Tran. Thomas weng 

COPY READERS Ah~on NOrriS. KeVin Byrne 
WEBMAsnR Bnan Wlkner 

COMPUTER SUPPORT DaVid Ghcksman 

MIKE MARTINEZ 
Adtertl3mq Art Dlreflor 

ANN BAREFIELD 
IJwmt!ss Manager 

BROCK HALTER 
'ldverllSlng Manager 

YYEnE ALCALA 
,l'iSl.\tUl1ttJusmess Munuqer 

ADVERTISING ASSISTANT Melody Gon,ales 
CIRCULATION ASSISTANTS 

Jason Allen . Phillip Goldman. Etnan Levy, Jc.r::Ob Meyherg. Brady Phelps. Nale Smith 
ADVERTISING DESIGN .. LAYOUT John Barber. Casey BUitenhuys. Joe Pao 

Trle UCSD Guardlall IS published Mondays and ThursOays dunng the academiC year by and lor 
the students of UCSO. Reproduction of thiS newspaper In i.tIly lorm. whether In whole or In 
pari . Without permiSSion IS strictly prOhibited. 0 1999. all rights reserved . The UCSD Guardian 
IS not responSible for the return of unsoliCited manuscnpts or art. The Views eltpressed herein 
do not nt!cessarlly represem the opinions 01 The UCSO Guardian, the University of California or 
the ASSOCiated Students, The UCSD GuardIan 1$ funded SOlely by advertiSing. 
Note to anyone In the Phoemk dfea ,I YOU"ve seen a floral caroet bag. please return it to Enka asao 

News/Features 5345226. General EdItorial: 534·6581 
OpInIon/SpoIlS. 5346582. HIatus: 534-6583 
Advc/tlslng OffICe: 5343466. Fa,' 534 7691 

emaIl: guardlan@ucsd.edu 
GuardIan Online hIlP://www.ucsd.edu/guardlan/ 

UCSD Guardian, 9&00 allman DrIve 0316, 
la Jolla, CA 92093-0316 

Actual locatIon' Second Floor. UCSO Student Center BUlld,"g "A,'. Rm . 217 

The UCSD Guardian Monday. February 22. 1999 

LIFE IN HELL 

BRIEFLY ••• 

Author Will Speak at Bookstore 
UCSD biology Professor Christopher Willis will par-

ticipate in a discussion session and read from his new 
book, "Children of Prometheus,· at the UCSD 
Bookstore on Feb. 24 from 4 p.m. to 5 p.m. 

In "Children of Prometheus: The Accelerating Pace 
of Human Evolution,· Willis describes his theory that 
the evolution of human beings is actually accelerating. 
To make this controversial case. he draws from differ-
ent aspects of life from around the world. 

In the Tibetan plateau, severe climate has promot-
ed rapid, short-term evolutionary change, Willis 
states. In Africa, humalH:aused ecological upheaval 
continues to spawn virulent strains of infections dis-
eases that affect the evolutionary course of their 
hosts. And, in the corridors of Whitehall, job stress is 
taking some British civil servants to an early death. In 
each of these cases, and in many others that Willis 
examines, he argues that human power over nature 
has done nothing to halt evolution's unrelenting 
march. 

Willis also confronts issues such as: Are we evolv· 
ing "into" something? If so, what will we be like a 
thousand years from now? 

For more information, call 534-7323. 

Psycholoal. to Be Honored 8y 
National Academy of Sciences 

Harold Pashler, a professor in the department of 
psychology, has been selected to receive the presti-
gious Troland Research Award from the National 
Academy of Sciences (NAS). The award will be pre-
sented April 26 during the academy's 136th annual 
meeting in Washington, D.C. 

Pashler is one of 17 recipients to be honored for 
major contributions to science. He will receive 

. $35,000 to support his research within the broad 
spectrum of experimental psychology. A major focus of 
his worll has been on the types of perceptual and cog-

Errata 
2/U/H 

nitive tasks that peol'le can and cannot perform at the 
same time. 

Pashler is a magna cum laude graduate of Brown 
University with a double major in logic and philosophy 
of science and psychology. He received his Ph.D. in 
psychology from the Universi!Y of Pennsylvania. 

Public Lecture on R...rcII .... 
Developlllent Fu .... to Be Held 

The immediate and long-term Mure of federal 
funding for research and development will be exam-
ined in a free public lecture sponsored by the San 
Diego Science and Technology Council (SDSTC) at 4 
p.m. on March 4 at the University of San Diego in the 
Manchester Conference Center. The SDSTC is a net-
work of San Diego's leading science and technology 
organizations convened by UCSD. 

The guest speaker will be Albert Teich. director of 
science and p'olicy programs for the American 
Association for the Advancement of Science (MAS). 
Widely known as an expert on science and policy 
issues, Teich will examine recent budget and political 
developments, including the Clinton Administration'S 
Information Technology Initiative for the 21st Century. 
and their potential impact on research and develop-
ment funding. 

Teich's talk is part of the 1999 Inquiry and 
Innovation Speaker Series sponsored by the SDSTC. 
SDSTC's miSSion is to enhance the San Diego 
region's visibility, innovation capability and global com-
petitiveness in science and technology. 

Teich has a bachelor's degree in physics and a 
Ph.D. in political science. both from Massachusetts 
Institute of Technology •• He is the official spokesman 
on science policy issues for MAS, the world's largest 
federation of scientifIC and engineering societies and 
the publisher of Science magazine. 

For more information. call 534-8400. 

In the article titled "Bare Stage and Thick Plot.· the graphic that accompanied the article was incorrectly 
attributed. The graphic was drawn by Josephine Roberts. The Guardl811 regrets the error. 

2/18/11 
In the article titled "UCSD Sweeps Conference Titles,· the &raPh1c that accompanied the article was Incor-

rectly attributed. The graphic was drawn by John 881ber. The Guardian regrets the error. 

Monday. February 22. 1999 

LIGHTS 
Lights & Sirens is a selection of 

entries compiled from the log book 
of the UCSD POlice Department. 

Sunday, Feb. 14 
1:13 p.m. : A non-affiliate report-

ed the theft of a wallet from the 
RIMAC men's locker room. Loss: 
$22. 

Monday, Feb. 15 
1:34 a.m.: A student reported 

the theft of a televiSion from Argo 
Hall. Loss: $175. 

9:26 p.m.: Two students reported 
the theft of wallets from the RIMAC 
men's locker room. Loss: $19. 

9:45 p.m.: A graduate student 
reported the theft of a wallet from 
the RIMAC men's locker room. 
Loss: $70. 
T....."Feb.18 

11:15 a.m.: A staff member 
reported the theft of audio-visual 
equipment from Media 
Communications Center room 221. 
Loss: $3,5Cf4. 

12:50 p.m.: A faculty member 
reported attempted burglary to a 
red '92 Honda Accord in Lot 207. 
Damage: $700. 

3:58 p.m. : Units and San Diego 
Fire Department responded to a 22-
year-old female student complaining 
of nausea. Transported to Scripps 
Memorial Hospital by paramedics. 

4:07 p.m: A student reported 

burglary at Tioga Hall. Loss: 
$4,000. 

7:19 p.m.: A student reported 
the theft of a wallet from Tioga Hall. 
Loss: $120. 

7:53 p.m.: A student reported 
the theft of a wallet from Tenaya 
Hall. Loss: $225. 
Wed....." Feb. 17 

8:52 a.m.: Officers detained a 
40-year-old male non-affiliate for 
being drunk in public at the 
Biomedical Library. Transported to 
Detox. 

10:50 a.m. : Officers stored a 
green '92 Chevy Camaro for having 
an expired registration for over six 
months. Stored at Star Towing. 

9:35 p.m.: A student reported 
the theft of a backpack from 
Canyonview Pool. Loss: $340. 
Thunder, Feb. 18 

2:36 a.m.: A student reported 
the theft of property from Pepper 
Canyon Apartments. Loss: $150. 
Property later recovered near Lot 
401. 

10:20 a.m. : A staff member 
reported the theft of wall posters 
from Basic Science Building room 
1046. Loss: $10. 

1:08 p.m.: A student reported 
• the theft of a backpack from the 
IR/PS Auditorium. Loss: $238. 

2:09 p.m.: An officer filed a 
report concerning a counterfeit bill 

The UCSD Guardian 

IRENS 
at Oceanview Terrace. 

2:41 p.m.: Officers arrested a 
23-year-old student at Geisel 
Library for petty theft. Cited and 
released. 

FrIUy, Feb. i. 
12:40 a.m. : Officers arrested a 

39-year-old female non-affiliate for 
illegal lodging at the Revelle 
Commuter Lounge. Ordered off 
campus for seven days and trans· 
ported to UTC by offICer. 

2:51 a.m.: OffICers detained an 
18-year-01d female student at Asia 
Hall for being drunk in public. 
Transported to Detox. 

6:08 p.m. : A student reported 
the theft of a wallet from Spanos 
Recreational Facility men 's locker 
room. Loss: $70. 
Sllturdly, Feb. 20 

1:53 a.m.: An officer filed a 
report concerning a 21·year·old 
male student who was transported 
to Thomton Hospital after being bat-
tered at an off-campus site. 

SUnday, Feb. 21 
2:27 a.m.: An employee filed a 

report concerning the confiscation 
of marijuana and paraphernalia 
from an 18-year-old student on the 
fifth floor of Tenaya Hall. 

- Compiled by leenI Shankar 
News Editor 

... ~ . ~ "~. ,v ,. ~- . ~~ ",r~ 
- . . {. .' 

r-----~FREETOWING IMino~Tune Up'l • ____ =: .......... - ........ 
I SpeCial Brake Job ~. Our tuM up Includft • lot t'IItW ..... III Special Reg. SIO I 
I fIIIIn ofhett. " Include.: I 1. NEW Spn 1*191 7 CheeI: brK" III Front or fN1. Srllt. Job Include.: 12. Chtd DiIriIut« pointl S. Cheel: dutch I 1 In"l l fronl padl., relt Iho.. IiII 3. Chtd DiItibutar 9. Cheel: \9111 III 2 Drain old brat. tluld 
I condInaor 10. Checl: under..... I 3 lnaptClh,.1UtlClyll.m • I 4 Adjulltiming 1« dim. III 4 Rtlill h,.IU'c lluld • • • 
15 Chtd IIId rtPenilh 11. Checl: coaIin9 ayI\etII • 5 8lttd britt lJII·m • • • I II IIuid IIId oiIle.... & "-s 6 AdjuIItonltd lIIotll and relt lIIotl 
~~~rn.-M~;;i.rVi:;Rotdl"1 -
I Special . I .... "" fuelltIIet*d CW& Our ",.". .moe /ncIuflN: ..... 1.10 I I 

t Nowopat,. 12 ......... ..,. 24l.......... V 011 12 NowAl" 13 A........ 25C11tctllrlootonuilUah I I ) New.1ft 14 ...... -io-Ml/ ...... IIIII. 26 ChocIi;III ..... C"'-nge 
14C ...... ..,..."" IS CIItct...... 27 ChocI_ctmIplGr...... I na I I Now""'. 16 ClltctcUdl It ChocI"'_gobltlory__ & 
I I CIItct_paIIII 17"",cUdI It AoIIIt ... ~_ I 7 CIItct__ IIClltctlntn 10 Clltcttn~ 20 point I 

• C...-_ ,,~..... Sf l ....... """, • I' - ........ ~_I 20 A ...... goncylr.. 32 Clltctll_. I Safety Check I 
10 Now_ ........ " 21 Clltct' ......... IIuIII ... 33 CIItct....,.,....'hoon 

I -- 22ChocI ..... ipCllldbtb 34C11tct_systom I Specla. I It • .-"""", 23 CIItct_.. 35 Aoedlftl 
~-~~:==~-~~-~ ___ J ___ • 
1 CompleteClutch Job . " . Timing Belt Special I • I Newpr_ • .,..t. . . Nowl'llolllMnng ________ _ 

2. Now Clulch 0.. . 5. Chlngo ~Inlmiaron oil 1 Extended Warran& 13 Now Thr_t "' .. rng 6 ROld Int . 
==-""," ... _NallottllD. __ 15, 3D, 45, 60, 75, & 90 .ervlce I...!.-________ .J 

l:II'Oat cere. Wilh thi. Id hpwol 3/81" a--.... I00I .. _ Rd 1. 
IrIrtd _,.,.. AlllIIIout our ..... on......... * 
AI our -' .... .,.., or 2O,ooo.tItIII1ImIIId --- '!!fII-Overieis ~ · ."....... 
AIII.IIIII D-Ir 8008-8 Miramar Road. 
, •• ;-r d 695·1990 

NEWS 3 

Me Donald's in 
Costa Verde Center 

is NOW 
OPEN LATER! 
Sun thru Thurs. til 1 am 
Fri. & Sat. til 2 am! 

I FREE SUPERSIZING after 12:30 a.m. I 
4260 Nobel near Genesee 

• qp~ Ing bt e ~k fe '~' et' 
• ...._. J 

Parb Hard~ -Ttarel Safe 
C~t.<1p br,K.c.ls. Grt.dl ddVir,c.. Nivc. Pc.oplc.. 

~ 
SAN FEUPE 4 days $129. 
qUldlnclucles transpoMtion 
HONOLULU 4nts $429. 
qUId .... from LAX 

PARIS SPECIAL: 
$519dbl 
lir from LAX Includes 5 nls basic 
hotel continental breekfasl 
LONDC1N: 
$497 
Ilr from LAX includes 5 nls hotel, 
multI-Shire conlinental brukfast 

. Some .estIlCIIOn! apply. Subjecllo avai l,bilily. Travel Ta,es nollnclU~ 
~ ClEE: CouncU on InterlUltlolUll Educational Exchange 

9500 Gilman Drive 
UCSD Price Center Ste. 76 
LaJo"a (619)452-0630 

..... .. 



4 OPINION The UCSD Guardian Monday, February 22, 1999 

PINION 

Although Clinton s proposal to save Social Security 
may not work legislators must work together to 
keep Social Security s head above water. 

By Theodore Dokko 
Senior Staff Writer 

The post-impeachment era of President 
Bill Clinton's second term has begun. With 
all involved parties severally damaged by 
the Senate trial , all find it in their be~t polit-
ical interest to find some common ground 
and ~o l ve some of the country 's problems. 
One 01 the looming issue~ that the 
Rep<lblican Congress and the president 
must deal with is what to do wi th Socia l 
St'curily. 

Social Securil y, quile si mply. is Ihe 
nal ion's reliremenl insurance syslem Ihal 
came into being during Ihe Greal 
DepreSSIOn. II Insures agai nst one certainty 
and 1\\0 potenlial catas trophe~ for Ihe 
American \\ ort..er. The certainly i ~ that even-
tually he or she will have to relire and will 
need . a sustenam:e-providing income. The 
potential catastrophes are: a worker dying 
during mid-career, leaving his or her depen-
denls wi thout income, or suffering from a 
di sabling injury thaI makes working impos-
~ ible. 

Social Security provides for Ihose in 
Ihese three predicaments by laxing Ihose 
who are working today and their employers. 
Currentl y, the employee is taxed 6.2 percent 
of h i~ or her income and the employer pays 
the malchi ng 6.2 percent. Thus the 10laltax 
rate on income earned is 12.4 percent. All of 
11m lax money then goe~ inlo the Social 
Secunl} Iru~t fund~ from which payments 
arc made. 

The prob lem thaI poli cy makers and 
polillCians have to dca l with is Ihal the 
baby boom ge neral ion. those born 
betwe(!11 Ihe years 1946 and 1964, will 
end up reti ring wilhin Ihe next 20 to 30 
yea rs. What is projected 10 occur in 25 
years I~ Ihal Ihere will only be two work-
ers supporting every retiree. This ralio is 
dwarfed by the 16: I rati o Ihat exisled 40 
years ago, when Social Security was first 

~ig ned inlo law by Presidenl Franklin D. 
Roosevelt. 

With ~o many relirees and so few work-
e r~, there will be more money laken out of 
the Irust fund than will be pUI in . A deficit is 
projected 10 occur in the year 2013. Simply 
put , there won'l be enough worker~ to ~up­
port all oflhe retirees. 

The presidenl laid oul his proposal lo 
,ave Sm:ial Security 10 hi s siX lh Slate of 
the Union address. Wuh Ihe nallon 's books 
balanced and hringlng In a \urplus, the 
president proposed earmarking 62 percent 
01 Ihe expected ~urpluses over the next 15 

years for the sped tic purpose of saving 
Social Security from its future predica-
ment. 

This 62 percent equates to $2.7 tri Ilion. 
The president \ plan would take a quarter of 
that $2.7 trillion and in ve~t that money in 
the stock market. This move would project a 
higher return as compared to the return of 
the lower-yielding Trea~ur} bonds where 
the money is invested today. Another II per-
eent of the projected surplus would be 
invested in personat Individual Retirement 
Account-style accounts, in which the feder-
al government would deposit an annual 
lump sum and limited malching sums for the 
next 15 years. 

With all the applause and numerous 
standing ovati ons President Clinton 
received during hi ~ State of the Union 
address, it would seem that the White 
House pian for shoring up Social Security 
was the eve r-fleeting miracle cure for 
which all involved were looking. 

Sadly, we the American people did not 
receive a genuine plan from the president to 
rescue Social Security from its future 
deticit. What we did receive was liule more 
than window dressing that does not "save" 
Social Security, but involves juggling num-
bers and double wunting. 

Comptroller General of the United States 
David Walker said that the president 'S 
"complex and confusing" plan does not alter 
the projected cash-flow imbalances in 
SOCial Security. Even the National 
Economic Director Gene Sperling, a close 
presidential advisor, conceded to congres-
sional staffers that the Clinton plan does not 
alter the 2013 deficit projection date. 
Though it understands the cash-flow prob-
lem, the White House does not have a plan 
to handle the shortfall. 

When questioned by the Senate Budget 
ComrniHee, Budget Director Jack Lew 
could not answer the Senators' questions as 
to how the administration wants to deal with 
the situation. This discussion is based on the 
hope that the economy will to conlinue 10 
prosper over the next 15 years and that the 
taxes earned by the federal government will 
continue to increase the surplus. 

The very real possibility of the economy 
hilling a snag and not being able to produce 
a surplus is ROI even considered. With his 
proposal. the president is burying his head in 
the sand, hoping thal the delicit won't ever 
occur. 

Seeing that the president does not hive 
See SWIM, Page S· 

ea 
Ir;;;;::;. ----II --~--- ---

Social Security is a sinking ship that can't be 
saved. Our governement should send us a life 
raft in theform of a tax break. 
By Jenne ....,. end Brook. o.rettson 
Staff Writers 

Poised on the threshold of graduation, 
the grandeur of life spreads out before you 
- wide open fields, rolling meadows, blue 
skies as far as the eye can see, a world of 
opportunity ... oh and don ' t forget that I~ng 
crowded hallway festooned with the won-
ders of holiday sales. The empty wallet of 
your starving student days awaits the 
unfolding of that luscious green stack- the 
solvency for American happiness. BUI, per-
haps, the most splendid of all America's 
privileges is that marvelous cushion placed 
beneath our elderly bums - Uncle Sam's 
assurance of a eomfortable "expiration" fol ~ 
lowing a life hard "spent" (no pun intended). 

Amerieans have been granted the inalien-
able right to squander their money away. Our 
country thrives on money. It is the root of our 
economy, the rool Of our culture, lhe life 
force of our government. It is lhe very exces-
si veness of our spending thaI breeds the 
income of our trusted leaders - a sum that 
comprises almost half of our typical earnings. 

In tum, however, our leaders are obligat-
ed to defend us, protect us and take care of 
us in time of need. 

It is this filial relationship between 
America's people and the government that has 
come to be taken for granted in recent years. 
The very complacency of Americans has Iess-

eoed their understanding of their country's 
processes. As a result, the gradual expansion 
of government control has gone overlooked. 
The case in poinl is Social Security. 

Over the past 60 years Americans have 
been assured a small fund for their retirement. 
In return, Americans are expected to pay a 
steady stre4m of taxes throughout their work-
ing years. The purpose of the fund is to pro-
vide the assurance that citizens will not suller 
in their retirement years. In theory, the fund is 
devoted solely to the people. In reality, this 
fund has been truly misused by the very con-
stituents who claim to take "good" care of us. 

As it is, the government takes 12.4 per-
cent oul of our paychecks 10 pay for Social 
Security (''Clinton's Social Securily Sham," 
The Wall Street Journal, Feb. I, 1999). It 
contributes this 12.4 percent into the "nest 
egg" retirement fund. In turn, this chunk of 
money is distributed back into the pockets 
of those folks sliding into their golden years. 

Presently, Social Security is the subject 
of heated debate in which our new, morally 
awakened president has laid out a very for-
malized sel of solutions. These solutions, 
however, provide little more than empty 
promises for our y88fS of ellpected leisure 
and renection. 

Currently, the fund ellhibilJ a llCady 
decrease in sIock of up to S20 billion per 

s.e-.p ... e 

Monday, February 22, 1999 

SWIM: 
Legislators fear 
taking responsibility 
CoIdIK .............. 4 
any real solution to the problem of 
Social Security Insolvency. a mem-
ber of Congress needs to propo~~ a 
no-nonsense progmm tha( will deal 
with future deficit. 

In all fairness, the damagcll 
RepUblicans. still licking th~1I 
wounds from the impeachment 
debacle. are not brave cnouglt to 
offer a proposal just yet. 

Social Security legl~lati lll1 IS a 
very touchy issue, one \\ Jlh very 
damaging political impilcallons. It 
is very hard to alienale \enior citi-
zens and organization~ 'ouch as the 
Association 01 American 
Retirement Per,un\ IAARP) and 
win re-elect IOn caJnp,ugns. A mem-
ber ot Congres~ OlU\ t put his or her 
own political a~pll alJons behind the 
good of thl' nallon and put forward 
a propo~a l that lakes a hlunt look at 
the issues. 

Hard del.is ions lie ahead for 
the legislator, and the people 
they rcpre\c nt It one were to 
look al th.: .:IlOll·C\ that are avail-
ab le. ,til thr.:e are, for good rea-
\on . \ery, vcry unpopUlar. To 
\oh.: the cash fl ow problem the 
gOll'rnmcnl ~an do three things 
- cut henctJl", (including raising 
the ehgihl hty age from 62 to 65), 
ra i,1! P,I\ roll taxes or take money 
out 01 tltc government 's general 
tunl!. 

The choice~ arc unpopular for 
good reason. Nobody want~ to be 
the person responsible for forcing 
elderly workers (many of whom 
rmd it harder and harder to get 

... ", •• the 
~ ...... Iedld 
notrecelv •• 
•• nul ...... from 
th .......... to 
r ..... IocI.1 
Securtty froIn Its 
tutu ... deficit. Whet 
w. did receive w_ 
little lII0I'. than 
window ........ 
tluddoesnot 
.... v ... 1ocIa1 
Securtty, but 
Involv .. J ..... I... . 
num ....... 1Id double 
countl .... 
around, let alone work) to wait 
three extra years to be eligible to 
receive their benefits. 

Some might say that working an 
extra three years is a palatable sac-
rifice. That might be so for execu-
tives anll olher white-collar 
employees. hut the AARP has 
argued that three additional years 
would be J very biller pill to swal-
low tor those senior ci tizens who 
must work more with their hands 
and h()die~. 

In addition, nobody wants to be 
t he member of Congress branded as 
the legistator who cuts the already 
low Social Security checks paid to 
the elderly. 

I f we as a country choose to 
leave benetits alone, keeping the 
retirement age at 62 and not alter-
ing the current level of benetits, we 

The UCSD Guardian 

end up hurting the working class 
and the general public as a whole. 
Everyone already complains about 
taxes taken from paychecks. Think 
of how much louder the complains 
would become if a larger percent-
age were taken. 

Taking money out of the gov-
ernment's general fund means that 
cuts for other government pro-
grams. The decision then becomes 
whieh programs to cut in order to 
prop up Social Security. Will there 
be cuts in welfare, financial aid to 
students, military spending or any 
other popular government pro-
gram? 

Decisions addressing the cash 
flow prob'lem, as politically 
painful' as they may be, must be 
made very soon. The longer we 
wait a~ a country to make the hard 
deeisions, the more difficult the 
decisions become. 

Members of both parties lind it 
impertinent to work together to 
come up with a solution for the dif-
ficult prohlems that this country 
will face. Each must be willing to 
share both the praise and the criti-
cism that comes with the territory 
of making such decisions. In a 
world where everyone has its eyes 
on the 2000 campaign, elected ofti -

cia l~ must be willing to accept 
more of the tatter. 

The politics of finger pointing 
and blame shifting must stop and 
real proposals that address the 
problems must be submitted . As 
Senate Majority Leader Trent Lott 
said, Republicans and Democrats 
must jump over the Social 
Security bridge inlo the 21 st cen-
tury. 

Send comments and Letters to 
the Editor to guan.lian@ucsd.edu 

OPINION 5 

~-----------------------

Hows I 
lion frr. & Sat. 

9am . 6jJm; 
lies. Wed & lhurl. 

9tm . 8pm; 
For appointment (al h .. Only: Soo 11·5 

457-3334 
8843 Win Lalo'ln Dm'C • Lalo'ln \ 'd'u,!!e Cenwr 

Near \'ilhok Food., & Sat -On 
--- -

Th. Jok.'. On You. 
April 1st in 

GiludlAl 

Want to'Run For Office? 
ASUCSD Student Government positions open: 
President 

Vice President Internal 
Vice President External 

Vice President Finance 
Commissioner of Student Advocacy 
Commissioner of Communications 
Commissioner of Programming 
Commissioner of Academic Affairs 

. 

Commissioner of Student Services and Enterprises 
College Senators: 

Sophomore, Junior and Senior of each College 

Packets available on 3rd noor of Price Center, 
A. S. Secretary's omce and all Dean's Offices 

~·StadI"8C"'_ 

nLlNG DEADLINE: March 8, 
4:00 p.m. in AS Secretary's office 
for more information call 534-4451 or e-mail asucsd@Ucsd.edu 



6 OPINION 

SINK: 
The leaky tank will 
eventually run dry 
ContInued from peCe 4 
year ("Social Security Socialism," 
The Wall Street jOllrnal, Jan. 26, 
11)1)9). As the number of retiring 
baby boomers balloons to 76 mil-
lion. and their family dependents 
multIply beyond projections, the 
Sodal Security fund will slowly 
drain itself dry. The fund is expect-
ed to bankrupt itself by 2032, says 
Harvard economics Professor 
Manin Feldstein (,'Clinton 's Sodal 
Security Sham," The Wall STreet 
j ournal, Feb. I , 1(99). The obvi -
ou~ ramifications for tillS bankrupt-
cy thereafter will be an increase in 
income taxes to bring the fund bm;k 
to life. 

It is natural to wonder how such 
modeM returns come from such 
high tax rat e~. It is highly likely that 
government actually uses thi~ 
money for other government 
expenses. Thi s dwindling fund 
alludes to a much more ominous 
account of government exorbitance. 

However. amidst this swelling 
quagmire of bureaucratic expendi -
ture, a ray of hope shines through. 
With taxes at an all -time high and 
interest payments on the national 
debttOlaling nearly one-third of the 
federal budget , thi~ ' three-pay-
check-per-taxpayer' economy has 
seemed to generate a small and 
unexpected surplus. 

Enter our hero, Mr. Clinton -
the one doing the job Americans 
have elected him to do. Forgetting 
about the need to payoff our multi-
trillion dollar national debt, he 

intends to use 62 percent of this ... 
well, "projected" federal budget 
surplus to save Social Security. 

By dumping more than one-half 
of thiS prospective surplus into 
Social Security, Clinton plans to 
offset the fund's increasing losses. 
What he fails to illuminate is the' 
exponential increase in entitle-
ments that are due to eligible bene-
factors over the years. As time goes 
on, and Americans' average age 
increases, people will naturally 
demand greater benefits and securi-
ties. The effect of this plan would 
resemble the act of pouring a little 
water into a very leaky tank. It is 
still going to run out eventually. 

These plans will do little more 
than postpone the date of bankrupt-
cy from 2032 to 2055. ("Clinton's 
Social Security Sham," The Wall 
Street journal. Feb. I , 1999). 
Moreover, they pass the responsi-
bility of making solutions over to 
future generations, who will end up 
paying greater income taxes to save 
the soon-to-be-emaciated remains 
of this program. 

In addition to this stratagem for 
Social Security, Clinton intends to 
create a government-operated 
investment and savings account for 
American citizens. The goal of this 
aCl:Ount is to augment and stabilize 
Social Security for America 's 
retirement, given that it is , of 
course, successful. 

The reliability of such a pro-
gram is dubious at best. Its very 
outcome depends on the stock mar-
ket, which is itself volatile and 
uncertain. If the instability of the 
stock market is disturbing now, 
imagine the disquietude America 
would feel under the tectonic shifts 

The UCSD Guardian 

PrIvate property Is 
the._tb ••• of 

~Ifr •• dam-
the .......... on which 
Amedcawa 
founded. BrItaIn .... 
........ the ...... way 
about the positive 
r ............ betw_ 
... ospe;lty .... 
... vate ownership, • 
relationship that we 
have recognized for 
centurt ... 

of Social Security being tossed 
about from one end of the financial 
terrain to the next. 

Government investment has 
already proven itself to be very 
inefficient. If an individual person-
ally invested 12.4 percent of his or 
her income into even a modest 
mutual fund, he or she would end 
up with a balance several times 
greater than the benefits received 
from Social Security. 

The private sector is, indeed, 
more effective in gaining returns to 
investment. Government bureau-
crats have the incentive to expand 
their power by enlarging their 
functions and staff. Private enter-
prises, on the other hand, remain 
lean and efficient to prevent high 
costs from eroding their competi-
tive edge. Moreover, the natural 
market forces that' govern the pri-
vate sector are not weighed down 
by bureaucratic bias or party inter-

What LSAT course 
did students at 
the top 25 law 
schools take? 

All Others 

.......... 75% 
. Call today to enroll! 

1 -8 0 0 -K A P -lE S , 
www.kaplan.com 

• 
.11 

~ 
:' 

ests to skew its outcomes on wel-
fare. 

All of this aside, if these govern-
ment agencies did succeed in high 
rates of return, these returns would 
only be consumed by the program's 
astronomical overhead costs. 

For Clinton to invest our futures 
and the future of our grandchildren 
into such myopic proposals is to 
undermine the very notion of this 
"security" that we expect in retire-
ment. 

In plainer terms, Clinton plans 
to create a whole new orifice for 
expenditure for the sake of bigger 
government, not for the sake of 
increased common prosperity. 

The idea of private investment 
puts Social Security on the right 
track. But with the government in 
control, these accounts would pro-
pel us down an almost socialist 
path. Government would inevitably 
gain significant ownership and 
influence in private sector organi-
zations. This control would negate 
the whole institution of free enter-
prise that has made America so 
great. 

The fact that the current 12.4 
percent tax on all incomes for 
Social Security is a figure that is 
twice what it was when the pro-
gram started smells of something 
fishy ("Clinton's Social Security 
Sham," The WaIL Street JourNJI, 
Feb. I, 1999). 

In the 1970s, Britain was in a 
state of socioeconomic rot when its 
government owned large ponions 
of the country's productive assets. 
An aggressive re-privatization of 
entire industries was driven 
through by the then Prime Minister 
Margaret Thatcher. Britain's cur-

Monday, February 22. 1999 

renlly favored economic climate is 
credited to her hard work. 

Private propeny is the buuress of 
personal freedom - the premise on 
which Arnerica was founded. Britain 
has learned the hard way about the 
positive relationship between pros-
perity and private ownership, a rela-
tionship that we have recognized for 
centuries. Let us not slide into same 
hole out of which Britain has just 
recently climbed. 

After 60 years of burdensome 
taxes, America's taxpayers deserve 
a relief. With the budget surplus, 
our government has the ability to 
provide us with this long-await.ed 
relief. However, instead of simpli-
fying its intentions and doing just 
that, our government plans to use 
the surplus on yet another onerous 
bureaucratic account wreaking of 
it's own parasitic tendencies. 

To be sure, our smug little pres-
ident shows little sign of repen-
tance, as we see him yet again 
groping around in illicit territories 
and exploiting the complacency of 
the public. 

If Clinton is as concerned about 
our financial futures as he claims to 
be, the best decision for him to 
make would be to cut our taxes and 
let us decide for ourselves what to 
do with the resulting increase in 
income. For our government to 
independently decide to set up a 
new agency and make our financial 
decisions for us is to deny us our 
right to choice as free Americans. 

And if we simply want to 
squander our money away on holi-
day sales, we have a right to do that 
too. 

Send comments and Leiters to 
the Editor to guardian@ucsd.edu 

Of~ 
ID 

856 Grand Ave. Pacific Beach 
490-6222 

Monday, February 22, 1999 

NUMBERS: 
UC Merced will 
play critical role 
c.tIIIued fro. ..... 1 
need for growth in graduate enroll-
ment to accommodate the growing 
technology indu~try. 

"California's succe~s as a te~h­
nologi(;al leader, a~ an innovator of 
new industri es, and a~ a major play-
er in the glohal economy requirc~ 
the wnstant creation and applica-
tion of new knowledge." Atkinson 
said. "Its economic future. there-
fore, is directly tied to the ideas and 
the highly educated workfurce gen-
erated by ul1lversity graduate edu-
cation and research pmgrams." 

Hayward said that because those 
students who receive a graduate 
education from the University of ' 
Califomia arc well-prepared for the 
job market, prospective students ' 
find the university more attractive. 

"UC's graduate programs rank 
among the best in the nation, and 
those who complete our graduate ~ 
grams do very well in tinding employ-
ment, so we believe the appeal will 
remain strong," Hayward said. 

Hayward also said that the 
ongoing ul1lontzation issues 
between graduate student teaching 
assistants and the university should 
not discourage students from 
applying to graduate programs. 

"We think it 's important for 
anyone looking at the issue to be 
aware that [the University of 
California 's] compensation for 
teaching assistants already is 
among the highest in the country," 
Hayward said. "We also provide 
partial fee remissions, health care 
coverage and both formal and 
informal grievance processes for 
tczhinll assi!Clants." 

The newest addition to the UC 
system, UC Mer(;ed, will also play 
a critical role in absorbing enroll-
ment growth, Hayward said. 

"Given the magnitude of the 
enrollment demand we are facing 
and the fact that the San Joaquin 
Valley is the only region of major 
population in the state without a 
UC campus, we believe that contin-
ued planning of UC Merced is very 
important," Hayward said. 

Hayward also said the universi-
ty will stay committed to the pre-
venting increases in student fees. 
With the growth of the student pop-
ulation base, Hayward said he 
expects that availability of finan-
cial aid for students will increase 
with the enrollment expansion. 

"We anticipate that financial 
resources will grow as our enroll-
ments grow," Hayward said. 

The UCSD Guardian NEWS 7 

COSTA VERDE 
CENTER 

FASHION VALLEY 
CENTER 

8650 GENESEE AVE. ST! . 220 (619)452·7374 NEAR SAKS FtFTH AVENUE (619)295-0537 

Brown Eyes fo Blue, Green, Hazel 

DAILY WEAR 

PAIR 
COLORED 
CONTACTS 
FreshLook Colors with IMchase 
of 2 boxes of clear FreshLook 

EXTENDED WEAR DISPOSABLE LENSES 

$89** $99** $129** 
COMPLETE 2 PAIRS B&L FW COMPLETE 

"Atl special. includ.lenlt., exam, eyecare kil and fallow up vi.i!. A.tigmatic l.nl4l. higher. 
Nat valid with any ather offer. Off." expire 3/31/99. 

--------------------------------- -----

Can you 

S~udy Abroad ... It's Within Your Reach! 
Studyinl abroad lives you a better understandi"l of the world, and is a sure way to build your resume 
for excellence. Osweao State has academic year, semester, summer and winter-session programs. 
• All prop-ams approved for SUNY credit 
• Quality PfOll'&lYls you can afford 
• Prosrams for every major 
• Student Teachinl opportunities 
• Internships 
• Larp selection of Enstish Lanluap Programs 

Ask for a scholanhip application 

OSWEGO 
STATE UNIVERSITY OF NEW YORK 

TOLL FREE 1-888-4-0SWEGO 
http://www.oewtgo,eduI-intled 

----. ---------------------~ 
Please send me information 
on the following program(s) 
~--------------------
Country: ________________________ ___ 
Semester: __________ _ 

Or check out our programs at 
http://www.oswego.edu/''''intled 
.,...,. ......... 10: 
0IIce oIln'.mello .. " EU:don: 102 RIch HIlI, o.w.go, NY 13121 
(315) "'1-2118 or cor-=t UI by E-rn.II: IntIeCIOOlwego.edu 
TOLL FREE 1-888-4-0SWEGO 

Please send my information to: 

Name: __________________________ ___ 

Address: ________________________ __ 

Telephone: ________ E-mail: _________ _ 

HomeCampus: ____________________ __ 

OSWEGO 
STATE UNIVERSITY OF NEW YOlK 



The UCSD Guardian Monday, February 22, I ~ 

PACIFICEIBELL. 

onday, February 22, 1999 The UCSD Guardian 

Huny, Hurry, Hurry! Once again, it's contest time here at the 
Guardian, and our Psychotherapist Mary is looking for the most eligible 
Bachelor and Bachelorette on campus, You could win lunch with our 

prestigious columnist at The Pub, 

MARY HIGGINS' 

• 'm going to be honest with you people - I was 
hard-pressed for a topic to write about this week. 

I The creative juices just weren ' t flowing, which usually means that I am either (a) temporarily angst-free and ha~e no need to vent or (b) emo-tionally exhausted because I'm harboring a deep, dark secret that I can share with no one for fear of ruining hundreds of people's lives. 
OK, I'll give you a hint; now I know how Linda 

"You Can Trust Me" Tripp fclt before she opened her 
big mouth and blabbed. I can't really say any tiling 
about what I know, but don 't worry ... it has nothing 
to do with those photos I secretly took of someone 
on Friday night around II p.m. How many of you 
are feeling nervous out there'! Right now each one 
of you is thinking, "Oh dang, what WAS I doing on 
Friday night'!" Of course your next thought is, 
"Wait a minute, I was studying o-chem in the 
library. She can't be talking about me!" 

You know what'! I'm just toying with you 
guys. There are no photos, of course, I'm only try-
ing to make a point- if you aren't feeling a little 
paranoid then you definitely aren't having enough 
fun . I know it 's eighth week, but you need to stop 
studying and relax a little, OK'! Be rebellious and 
get a tattoo or something. Run down the Library 
Walk naked. It's my belief that shame and degrada-
tion are completely underrated. 

OK, that's enough with the motivational speech-
es. The real reason [ blanked out this week is that I 
have a minor case of writer's block. We all kno~ 
what this means ... it's lime for a contest! Now, his-
torically my contests have met with very limited suc-
cess. For examplc, I received no entries at all for the 
"Dress Up Like A Chicken and Have Your Photo 
Taken With Your Professor" contest. Last fall's "Most 
Knowledgeable About UCSD" contest was only 
slightly less pathetic and gamered one entry. 

In fact, the only successful contest [' ve ever staged 
was last year's "Superlative Award," in which students 
were allowed to nominate anybody for anything (e.g. 
Most Long-Winded Professor, Roommate Most Likely 
To Be Severely Beaten). It would have been a difficult 
choice between all three candidates, !xIt two of the 
entries arrived after the deadline. Anyhow, Revelle stu-
dent Charles Ruggiero ended up winning "Most Eligi-
ble Bachelor," earning the respect of his friends and 
the adoration of single people everywhere. . 

Actually, I'm not sure about the respect pan, but I 
do know that Charles ' social life was never quite the 
same again. He cornered me after the column was 
printed, gave me a pained look and said, "Mary, people 
I don't even know are stopping me on the Library Walk 
and asking if I'm the Most Eligible Bachelor! It's very 
embarrassing!" 

You see'! It's so easy to become an overnight 
celebrity, This is why I'm thrilled to announce this 

quarter's contest- "Most Eligible BachelorlBache-
lorelle of the Year." My panel of judges ' 

and I arc looking for one man and one 
woman who stand out as being all-

around appealing people'. 
What does that mean'! 

That pan is up to you. 

Here is how to participate, If you know someone who is 
single and just dying for a lillie allention, send me your 
nomination via e-mail at mhiggins@ucsd.edu or drop it 
off at the Guardian oftice in the second floor of the Stu, 
dent Center Building B (above the General Store). 
Please write two or three paragraphs about why your 
friend should win the award. Be sure to also include 
your full name, phone number, year in school and the 
name of your college. If your friend is selected you 
will be contacted with further instructions. 

There is really only one rule - your friend must 
agree ahead of time to accept this award. Olherwise 
I' ll get sued when they open up the Guardian and 
see themselves plastered all over the inside. Other 
than that one lillie stipulation, anything goes! You 
can even nominate yourself. 

The winners will receive an all-expense paid 
lunch at The Pub (provided no one eats more lhan 
three dollars worth of food, because that 's how 
much I have in my bank account). In addition, they 
will also receive an unprecedented amount of teas-
ing and humiliation from .their friends after their 
photo and interview get published in the Guardian 
during tenth week. 

This contest is a legitimate allempl to recognize 
and reward two outstanding Tritons. It is a perfect 
opportunity to show a friend how much you admire 
him or her. Or if you choose to nOplinate yourself, it is 
also a perfect opportunity to announce to the world, 
"Hey, I'm single! Check me out!" 

It will be tasteful, I promise. 
Nominations are due by midnight on March I . 
By the way, I have extended the deadline for the 

"Chicken Costume" contest and the stakes have gone 
up. I will award a $15 gift certificate for Tower 
Records to the first person who sends me a photo of 
themselves dressed up like a chicken (or any other 
barnyard animal) while they are standing next to a pro-
fessor. The price goes up to $20 if the picture is laken 
in a lecture hall . 

I'll raise the price to $25 if you can provide doc-
umentation thal you sat through the entire lec-
ture fully costumed and took notes. (Pre-
ferred professors include chemistry 
whiz Dr. Gary Snyder, 
physicist/astronaut Dr. Sally Ride 
or Chancellor Dynes). If you 
have no camera, a Guardian 
photographer can be pro-
vided for you. E-mail me 
for detai Is. 

Mary Higgins is 
obviously /lor a real 
!,S ycilO r!re rap is r, 
bur her ne.rt book. 
"Shame 
Degradation: 
Ten Steps to A 
More !nrer-
esting You" 
will be 
available in 
bookstores 
rhis June. 

Nk:I1oIes Runco/ Guanll/JII 

FEATIJRES 9 



I 

10 CALENDAR The UCSD Guardian Monday, February 22. 1999 

3S¢ 
FINAL EDITION FOR FEBRUARY 22 TO MARCH 1, 1999 . 

\ 

FINE ARTS 
1IondIy. FtbruIry 22-1'..,. FtbruIry :Ie 

'1200-400 P m. VA Facilly GaIery. Wilt!: a show 01 lsi year MFA Sludlrts 
deas & m . CIosrlg receplOO wih Iood. 1iiniI. periormance. and mIIhtd 
pOOlo 1911 (Jl FrIlay. Fell 26116-8 ~ p.m AI ale weI:ome to aIIend. F," 

T.ay.F*'-Y23 
'8 p m Mandtvile Redal Hal ~ fIIclIII: IJmj 1leI1eI. lI1dtr. 
graduale Honors sludenl. presents new works lor 1nrrCleI;m ""xed cMnbtr 
ensembles S5I$3 

WednIadIy. f*'*Y 24 
, 8 p m Mandevie RedaI Hal CSEP Fotum: Expermental mu-
se and perlormances by graOOaIe s1uden1s Free 

Thuf1dly. ftbrvIIy 25 
, 8 P m MandeVIlle Ree!al Hal Perfotmlll Forum: Graduale 
perJormance sludents 11 'VanallOfls' 01 JoIJl Cage 

Slturday. FtIlruary 27 
' 6 P m locallOfl TBA. JIZZ FII'ICkIiIer: Poarnst AnIha1y DavIS. 
selecled as one Ii San OI!9()S 50 people 10 walch n 1999 per· 
lorms EIlnglon. Monl, Dav1S and oogml COO1pOSIIIOflS lor the 
benela Ii muSiC ~udents Omer champa!J1e & Wile rduded 
RSVP 10 >344830 

SundIj. ftbruMy 28 
• 8 p m Mandevile Ree.al Hal _ lluaic FOtum: Worics by 
UCSD graduale amoosdlOfl sludenls Free 

ACADEMIC SERVICES 
Ongoing 

'Where w~1 you be in lhe yw 2OOO? The Progooos Abroad ana oilers 
on9009 il<M!ng lor sludenls nleresled 11 SIudyr\g abroad Come vrsiI our 
oIIrce n Ihe ImemallOflal Cenler or call 534·112310 make an appootmenl 

HEALTH & FITNESS 
Monday. FebnJary 2Unday. February 24 
NallOflill Ealng DIsorders Awareness Week. 

TUIIdIy. FtbruIry 23 
• 4 00.5'00 p m Wr:rnen's Cenler HIIIIIIy CGoIringDlnlrnlnrllon preserjed 
by SIudent HeaIh Peer AdYocaIes. Cal 534-3585 or 554-0878 lor mort I'l1o 

WtdnIIdIy. FIIINIry 24 
• 3.30·4 30 pm Wr:rnen's Cenler. '&l1ng DIIordn: In 0\1' Own WonIa: 
Vdeo PresentallOfl Cal 534·3585 or 5s..08781or more nto 

Frielly. FtbruIry 24 
, 12N<xrI·1 ~ p.m Women's Cer!er. GUllI $peIIIIr on Elting DIIordn 
Cal 534·3585 or 554'()878lor more 1110 

Ongoing 
'Individual F~_~· aI RIMAC every Moo & Wed. 5·8pm. Wll 
n 10 the Wetless Room. 2nd Iklor A FREE Sluder! serw:e prOVIded by Sill' 
dent Heallll Art<ocaIeS! Cal 53W19 lor more nfo! 
, HEAOACtESIII Who needs 'em' I'ISlIIIe HIIdIcIIt ClinIc OIl Sludent HeaiItl 
and gel hell' No charge 10 reg&Slered sludenls. Cal 534·8089 lor yoor ilIIIJOIlI· 
men! 
, SIudIrrI HIIIItI ~ here lor yOU! We're a lui! servrce cIiIrc open 10 All.~· 
lered students You don'l need heaIh I1sur.n:e 10 use our serW:es' Aj¢nt. 
menlS lor physICIan ,isCs and specaIy cilles • cal 534-8089 Wall 1110 UrgenC 
Care wMdays s.n.4:~. (Wed. 9-4 ~I 
, EfMI9IIICY CorrIrItepIIon. amuaI exams. STDlesls. preg1If1C)' IeSIS. bor1h 
corrIroi prestf'!JIlOflS. & healh educalron · aI al Women'S Cline. StudenI Heafth. 
Cal 534·8089 lor appI ~ ccriidIntiII- atways! 
, Annony-. HIV lilting at Siudenl HeaIh! Walt n 10 SI!J1 up aile HeaiItl 
AmeX. lrIIlkxlr. $10 charge nWdes pre- ;m~. coooseIing. o_? 
Cal a healh e<kalor 011534-2419 
• F ... CIIoInIIIoI Tilling OIl Siudenl HeaJlh · SIgl up at the Irsl lloorbulelin 
board lor your apponlrnenl 
• Dan1 Go in lhe ac-I Alleasl ~ ...,u you va had your Hepalils A shoIsl " 
you suri or swrn n Iht ocean. consrdet lT1rT1IIlIlatms 10 protect 'fWI heIII1 
Two sIioIs . 6 moollis apart • S60 each. Walkf110 SIudent HeaIh IU 8·11 aIll, 
Wed 9·11am 
• Siuderll Heal! MIocaIe pn7IOe PIer EcIucI1ian ~ 00 t«ArRrl. 
HIV. F!ness. Stress & ofler lopes- aI yoor res hal or Sluder! 019 meetingsl Cal 
534·2419101 no on these FREE~! 
• low COlI PIII~· O'Ier·the-coooler rterns (cold medicines. antacids. 
bardards. YIIanWls. skrl care procU:ts. sunscreen. aJ1Iractp1Ne proctt!s. con· 
tacl len5 proOIds. elc ) all alliscoo1I pncesl Lor:a1ed " lit IrlllIoor 01 Siu· 
denl HeaIII Open M·F 8an>4~. Wed 9afn.4l1pm. 
, CPR nI FIrII Aid a.-alStudInI Healhl Classes IIekI aI S1udtnI HeaIII 
· taugn by American Red Cross~ InSiruclors Talre Cornrnriy CPR. 
Standard Frsl Ad (wit! Reference Book) • a! lor S25.00! Sr!J1 up soon · cIIsses 
"" up quekly' Come 10 2nd lloor 01 Siudeni Health Cenler. or . ·marl 
pgnIoOucsd edu to SI!J1 up 
, FREE NWilIon CounIIIIng at Sludenl HeaI1h! MaM your appodnenI to-
daY' Cal 534·8089 
' Need CONDOMS???? Gel em cheap al the Siudenl HeaIII P1lannacy 
, GIl NllilNdI HeaIh Beat s a 51udenl pOO1ocaIlOfl locusrrg 00 heaIIh s · 
sues MlrlooaI slal1 are berng recMed ArtICles now berlg accepted · e-maj 
!he edior at healhbealOucsd edu 
• A.c.tI-E ~ a 1011 ~ner word! Qn j aI Sludent Healh Ca" 534·8089 and 
make an awootrnenI alllle Denn Ch;r 

CLUBS & MEETINGS 
Mondry. F*"-Y 22 

' 7pm Sequc1fah 147 PI\i~DlbPlKlw presenlsSa'rdMosteshar ol 

Mosteshar Mackenzie. ;m 
r.lemallonal Space & Cool· 
munocallons law FIflfl He 
w. be speakllg on his ex· 
penences III CommuneR' 
lloos. Space. and Inleleclual 
Properly law 
WtdnMdIy. FtbruIry 24 
• 7~ P m 41h Fklor Ca1Ief. 
ante ROOflI. RIllAC 1nIIr-
tlledin._in ...... 
Ie.? Sports law. S!IotIs Ad-
ml1~trallOfl . Alhlele Trail ' 
ing. RecreallOfl. Inlem~ 
WOII<l1g WIll! professional 
leans Find OUI more aI 
IheSpo/ll ............. 
Club meeling. II'/or 534· 
8199 • 
• 7 '~ pm. Wamn ltclule 
Hall 2111 (note Iht room = CWO presenls ' (W1i .. CulwI. 
a dOC1.mefItary on lit Cilia 
peopIewhoseellKcullI'e. 
Irdlons. and wry 01 lilt 

lIIIUIened by 'modIrnIIy" SpDh'" EngIiIh sdIes ... Chtche 
IIaI1Inel (diICb'l. 

TIIundIJ. ,..., 25 
• 7 p.m. 0MIIMfsidI Room. 2nd IiJor PIi:e cn • . ,... 1»1IIIIin. 
Dr KaI1y KaIIiII i. rIIiII ~ and .. be spIIIIing IIIW her_. 
For mort Il1o C116:B-1746. 

SIIunIIr. ,..., %7 
'1 p.m .'? Ok!StudInI Center Ca1I8fRt Rooms 1.2.' 3. Dllll*GIm-
ing IIIIting: We'llIM IOns 01 gM1IS and Ions 01 fill! Wo: 5I6-9C52 

0nfinI 
• Are you Iookilg lor sane hf1 serva. ItbSIiJ.;m 1IadInhiJ? Then Cidt 

K InIImIIionII ~ lor youl Talle a break I~ ~udoes 10 make a diftrence in a 
person'S IrIe Jon us (f1 Morrdays at 7 p.m n BerI!eIey Room 01 PrQ CWIIer 
See you there' 
• TIlt LIIIIiIn GIr IIiItIUII T....,.... a-iIIIon (LGlTAI_ til· 
ery Mooday aI 7 p.m n the Graduale Siuderll AssoaaIIon (nell to A.S lecture 
Noles). Or. SI~ by and 5a/ hi when our lifce ~ open (above SolI Reserves) 
Meel great peqiIe! All. art weIcane 
• Do you have rutt. ruIy. ruIy bog balls (or 0'1*1' Can you _ peqiIe 
taugl (or_ to learn)? Then arne 10 lire ""'" CIIb • UCSO. Evety Tues· 
day at The Siage (behind lie NIl lrm16pm. II we get 1_. 
• Come jorIlII 1111' EYeIY Tuesday lrom 6:3).9:00 pm . 'IIII1nIIrNIiDMI 
CIIb meets • lit In1tmIIIionaI Center EYIfjOf'It is weIcane. ldI ..... 
IicnIInI UCSD SUIenIs . .... _ peqiIe.1iM hI1. and learn IIIW rile!· 
tnt cuIIns. 
• Are you a tesIlitrI or bisexual woman and cb11 
"""'" I11III10 00' Slop by lie __ '._ 
."'IIiIII1II'DiIcu •• I.rillolppollo.. 
tIIefy w~ aI 6 p .m. ·7'~ p.m. in the 
Women's Center llJIary. Cal5J4.375/i (Ps)di 
Servees) lor more inlo. 
,AmnIIly....., meets WecNsdays 
aI 6 ~ p.m. althe Women's Centel .bn us ~ 
defending hunan r91IS 
• UCSOMrillIlabalicl ..... meets Mtyolier 
Wednesday. Please check http:// 
Sloorg.ucsd.edui-1OO*s lor rneftIg lines and 
IocaIrons 
• FriIndI 01 s.mc. WOIIrn. a Iabor-orienled 
camU1Iy I8IYice organizIIIon. meets in The 
E.atypIus loII1ge upstairs 111m lie Food C0-
Op allIre Sludent CerHroo ThundIys. 7 pm. 
. ....., ar-. FtIIcMIhIp. Corne meet 
cool peqiIe and dMIlp you ~ wit! 
God. No experience -.y. Every Tliunday 
• 7 :~ pm. RMMU: WLH 2005 IIanIiaII ~.cr. 119. 
• AmnIIly ....... WIlI1iImpaectlllllBr 
rifiIs! MtetIlgs mty WIINsdIy. 6:~.m. 0 
lit Wornen's Center. Join us. 534-S31V. 
....... inlliil1llDll? Cornt join lie UCSD 
T""1on T_. For II1II IIIcrIna1Ion c:arUcI 
Mar Su. 619-452·9«)6 or tIIIIiItrWrlanOucsd .... 
'Join S1udInI,..... USA! Would you .. to dIbIIelle II1I:s 0I1ecII1of. 
OW. cIorriIg.1Ie 1IWi!nntnI. ru:IeIr pdIIrIb nllIIIdI men? All. Cfi!' 
1Of1S .. welcamel MtItings .. in III Ok!5aIdn CInIIr. sec 12 ("-,. 
check OIA 011 weIIsI. aI ttIIpJI iIcs5 .UCId.ec»'~ lor more 
nol 
• UCSO BIN, I» wtIIiIr rneeIingI. EwIyone is ..mn.. IbIdIyI • 
7.llp m. P1ea5e C315SU220 or"" IIn.UCId ... tor 1ocIIiDn. 
·c-.d"""~"Io~leedllehll9Y'lSM 
encBlgIfId sptCItS? Corne 10 ~ meeIingI. MondIys • S~m. illIt 
ob Student Center. 2O:J...,.1IIm SoII~. 
·T .... TIIIIIiICIiIII.I.CSO. Wdleldlys 7·11pm. AlMACAdMyRorlnI. 
F," play Mty Wed. f'I9iI. 
' .... GIIII ..... IM been a.lgIdlo 1M. O&p.m. iI CCC. AAIb 
IIOOS ella in IItCI1a oIb by the errd 01 lSi wteIi in Feb! "lie 1iIlP, is ~ ~ or 
you do ~~. you fIllY noI., 
'1JndIIvrId ~ lin'. a... _Tlusdays al6-7 p.m. allIe 
Ok! Student Ctr. SooII CcntnICI Rocm 8. For II1II inIo cal 534·3755 
,,,,,,01 PIIr IIMwT--. TUtIdIys. 12·1:OOonIhtSIOc.n-
pus See 011 WIIIpIgt lor inIo. sIUIIt SchGrIIs Qme hone )'011' speaking 
sI<jIs. ~)'OII' criIInce in. SIIJlPOfII<t aucItra 01 students and iIIl. 
'We're here tor your Cal an. SS8'()I22 lor more Il1o 

RELIGIOUS SERVICES 
Ontai't 

'1riIDmIII DIIMIiInI 011 ....... 01 ...... ·11 MIL Fill rIiIIn1In. john barber, 1999 

CALENDAR SUBMISSIONS MUST BE IN THE GUARDIAN OFFICE (UPSTAIRS IN THE 
STUDENT CENTER, MAIL CODE 0316) BY 3 PM ON THURSDAY. 

Monday. February 22. 1999 The UCSD Guardian 

HOROSCOPES 

LINDA C. BLACK 
Tribune Media Seroices 

ARIES 
March 21 - April 19 

You could start out Monday by 
sending notes to all the people who 
owe. you money. You might be sur-
prised to lind out how much you've 
loaned out that's never been repaid. 
You'll be searehing for the facts on 
Tuesday and Wednesday, and hilling 
lots of dead ends. DOn't believe 
what you hear until you've checked 
it out two or three times. Thursday, 
buy something nice for you home, 
and something you really like for 
dinner. Hold your temper Friday, or 
you'll say something you'll wish 
you hadn't. Your spirits and you 
luck should improve over the week-
end. The main thing you need to 
watch for then is your budget, espe-
cially on Sunday. 

TAURUS 
APril 20 - May 20 

You should start off Monday in a 
pretty good mood, strong, forceful, 
dynamic, able to make decisions 
quickly, able to leap over tall build-
ings with a single bound. Be careful 
about that, though, because as the 
day continues, your advantage 

weakens. Tuesday and Wednesday 
are hectic. There's nothing solid 
going on at all, so be careful where 
you step. Something that looks firm 
may give way beneath you. Thurs-
day and Friday. you'll learn new 
material quickly, so plan on study-
ing then. Saturday and Sunday will 
be great for entertaining family at 
home. 

GEMINI 
May 21 -June 21 

You're feeling self-expressive 
and enthusiastic Monday. You're 
being pushed, but that's OK. You 
feel like you're being pushed 10 get 
out there and do what you do best, 
and that's not a bad idea. Tuesday 
and Wednesday. you're feeling 
great, but the tide is not so much in 
your favor. Be confident, but don't 
get cocky .. If you're really smart. 
you'll also be cautious. Thursday 

. and Friday are best for increasing 
you income. You're bound to learn 
something interesting this week-
end. 

CANCER 
June 22 -Ju(y 22 

It' ll be relatively easy to settle old 
matters Monday, such as cleaning up 
paperwork or bureaucratic snafus -
the kind of stuff you've let pile up on 
the corners of you desk. Go ahead 
and dive into that first thing, because 
it'll go more easily than usual. Avoid 
headaches due to nervous tension on 
Tuesday and Wednesday by keeping 
your life simple. Save major moves 
or new projects for Thursday and 
Friday. You're luckiest then. Money 
that comes in over the weekend 
could go just as quickly unless 
you're careful to save some. 

LIBRA 
Sept. 23 - Oct. 22 

The move you had planned Mon-
day isn't going to get you where you 
want to go. because you're being 
blocked. If you're very cautious, you 
may find a way around a problem. 
Tuesday and Wednesday, your team 
comes to your rescue. Take the com-
mince's advice. On Thursday and 
Friday, you're under more pressure 
than you generally like to be, but if 
you do what you said. you'll be fine. 
Saturday and Sunday. the ball's in 
your court, and you're looking very 
good. You decide what game to play. 

LEO 
July 23 - Aug. 22 

There's certainly room for 
improvement Monday. and you may 
be just the person to point out where, 
when and Why. Speak up or some-
body ,,'OUld make a dreadful mistake. 
which could end up causing more 
work for you. Tuesday and Wednes-
day, there are lots of great ideas 
being tossed around, but not much 
common sense. You get to provide 
that. if you want to get involved. 
Thursday is a good day to play with 
your friends, but tJrere could be com-
plications Friday. Looks like social 
obligations "'QUid take up most of the 
weekend. Relax and an obnoxious 
person will be ea.~ier to tolerate. 

. VIRGO 
Aug. 23 - Sept. 22 

Monday could start out "kind of 
slow, with worries about money. but 
don't let that get you down. If you 
need money for something fun you 
have in mind, how about taking on a 
little more work? Tuesday and 
Wednesday, you're great with words. 

EXCLUSIVE TO UCSD JUNIORS AND SENIORS 
AT NO ADDITIONAL TUITION FEE 

UNDERGRADUATE CERnFICATE IN 

BUSINESS 

UCSD, in collaboration with local employers, has designed 
a unique program to help potential graduates enhance 

\ 
their opportunities for employment in the private sector. 

The program features 
• iI concentrated curriculum com-

prised of both UCSD under-
graduate and UCSD Extension 
courses, offering theoretir.a1 and 
practical study 

• visiting executives from local 
companies as advisors and 
speakers 

• specific training to strengthen 
leadership, financial decision 
making, marketing; and business 
communications skills 

• courses offered at no additional 
tuition fee to full-time juniors 
and seniors 

Call 534-3434 today to ,.enr. a detailed brochure or 
.. mall unexbulMluacl .... 

Wrile reports and argue tough cases 
then. Thursday and Friday. respect is 
demanded by a person who hasn't 
really earned it. Do your best to 
auemplto comply, just to keep from 
causing a ruckus. Saturday and Sun-
day are great for a party, but which 
one? Friends and loved ones are 
vying lOr your attention. 

SCORPIO 
Oct. 23 - Nov. 21 

You have awesome powers Mon-
day. but you need to do a little more 
planning. Get y~)Ur resources togeth-
er. Figure out where you're going to 
get the money and how you're going 
to pay it back. Tuesday and Wednes-
day are still about preparation. espe-
cially financial. Thursday, you luck 
is incredible. Make your move then. 
Friday is kind of on and off. Good 
deals will be mixed in with the mlten 
apples, so choose carefully. You'd be 
wise to melt in with the audience 
over the weekend, and let someone 
else be the big performer. 

SAGITTARIUS 
Nov. 22 - Dec. 21 

If you meet somebody Monday 
whom you find mildly irritating but 
rather auractive at the same time, 
relax. That's exactly as it should be. 
The two of you can learn a lot from 
each other. Thesday and Wednesday 
are good for asking questions and 
making changes. Thursday and Fri-
. day, take care of the money. Then you 
can romp, play and travel this week-
end, not necessarily in that order. 

'CAPRICORN 
Dec. 22 -Jan. 19 

Capricorns are among the most 
generous people in the world, and 
they wad harder than just about 

FEATURES II 

everyone. You should be proud to be 
a Capricorn, especially if you have to 
stop doing something you want to do 
and start doing something you have 
to do. That could happened Monday. 
Tuesday and Wednesday are pretty 
much grindstone from dawn until 
dusk, but on Thursday and Friday 
you ought to be able to work in a lit-
tle fun. Over the weekend, you could 
get a chance to make a really awe-
some deal. Go to where that's most 
likely to happen. 

AQUARIUS jan. 20 - Feb. 18 
There will be lots of new possibil-

ities popping up Monday - people 
with creative ideas that you could 
follow through on. people who'd like 
to get to know you beuer. One word 
of caution: Stay away from the some-
one who's alier your money. Tuesday 
and Wednesday should be lots of fun. 
You and your partner are sure to win 
the debate. Concentrate on your 
work Thursday and Friday, or there' ll 
be trouble. Partnership games should 
go well over the weekend. Looks like 
you're about evenly matched. 

PISCES 
Feb. 19 - March 20 

Take it easy Monday. There's no 
need to rush into anything, even 
though somebody might tell you 
otherwise. Changes are to be expect-
ed on Tuesday and Wednesday, but 
again, take care. Thursday looks like 
preuy clear sailing, but problems 
come ~ on Friday again. By then. 
you should be prelly wise. There's 
work to be done over the weekend, 
but it could be a relief. By then prob-
lems and their solutions should be 
pretty obvious. 

J 
I 



12 CLASSIFIEDS The UCSD Guardian 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
FLY CHEAP!! 

,.. ROUND TRIP COURIER FARES. 
London $349 Sing $300 Hong Kong 5389 
Chlll8 5360 Sydney 5580 88ngIcok $370 

CLASSIFIEDS 
"40·80% OFF ALL FARES· 
AI R COURI ER INTERNATIONAL 

1·800·298·1230 24 hr 

DAY BY THE SHORES, the UCSD 
Ballroom Dance Team's Competi\lOn, is 
coming soon. (Saturday,' March 6th.) 
Come watch couple .and collegiate 
competitions , from newcomers to 
advanced dancers. And of course you'll 
get to see UCSD's very own award 
winning competitive teams! Stay tuned 
for more info . . . (2/22) 
Jewish Research subjects reimbursed 
for interview. If you are a UCSD student, 
21 -25, call 552-8585 x4185 for more 
Information . (1/25·2125) 
Caucasian Research subjects 
reimbursed for Interview. If you are a 
UCSD student, 21-25, call 552-8585 
x4185 for more Informalion. (1/25-2125) 
BE FLEXIBLE Europe $448 rlt plus 
taxes. TRAVEL ANYTI ME IN 1999! 
HAWAII 119 o/w CHEAP FARES 
WORLDWIDEJlI CALL: 888-AIRHITCH. 
www.alrhltch .org (2122-3/1'2 
Interested In studying abroad for a 
quarter or year? Programs are available 
forall majors (biology, engineering, etc.). 
Earn UC credit to fulfill requirements. 
Scholarships and financial aid available. 
For more Information, vlsitthe Programs 
Abroad Off~e: 534-1123. (2122) 
Lesbian , Gay, BI. College students. 
Come to "Youth Speak to GLS EN" (Gay, 

The UCSD Guardian reserves Ihe rlghl 10 classify. edit. delete oNensive words and 
phrases. andior rei use any and all adVertisements wlthoul prIOr notificat!OO. The Advertiser 
will not hold the Guardian liable for any claims resulting from the publication of lhe 
adVerlisemenl. The publisher Will also not be held accountable tor any claim from an 
agreement made belween the adVertiser and the consumer. 
Copy should be reviewed by Ihe adveniser for errors. In order to be correcled in Ihe next 
regular Issue. ali errors must be reported by the corresponding deadline. Credit will .only 
be given tor the incorrect portion of the advertisement. There are no refunds for cancellatIOns. 
PIe_ .. nd all correapondence reganllnll Cla .. lfledl 10: 
UCSD GL\8rdlan, Attn: Cla .. lliedi. 11500 GllrMn Drive 103141, La Jolla, CA 1120e3. 
Actual location: Student Center A, Room 217. 

Lesbian, Straight EdUcation Network) 
forum on Tues., Feb. 23rd 7:00 p.m. 0 
S.D. High School, 1405 Park Blvd. Let 
your voices be heard. More info, 
pharris@ucsd.edu or 227-8262. (2122) 

POETS/ WRITERS; ARTISTS 
Warren College Literary-Arts Journal 
(ALL FOR SUBMISSIONS 

POETRY" PROSE: One copy with 
name. address , phone: 3 copies 
wl o name , address. ph . 
ART: Can be any medium. should 
Include camera-ready representation 
as necessary (sculpture , etc.) 

WARREN (OLUCOE WRITlNCO PROGRAM. U(.1 
WARREN STUDENTS ONLY 

NO LIMIT ON" OF SUBMISSIONS' 
FOR INFO (All5l4 lOb8 

DEADLINE EXTENDED TO MAn 1 

Congratulations to the UCSD Golden 
Key National Honor Society for an 
outstanding Induction ceremony. Way 
!9 g~ ! Your RD, Danna. (21.=2"",2) __ 
The Episcopal Students Association 
meets every Wednesday from 5:00-6:30 
p.m. in the Intemational Student Center 
Conference Room for communion, 
Christian dicussion, and free dinner. 
Students, facuny, and staff welcome. 
Call 534-6549 for information. (2122) 
SPRING BREAK Rosarito Beach 

Mexico, Festival Plaza, Rosarito Beach 
Hotel & more. From $67. 1-888-PICANTI 
www.picantetours .com (2122-3111) 
PARTY IN BAJA! Rosarito Beachfront 
1-7 bedroom homes. Surf, sun, sand, 
swim- singles. couples, groups $29-
$3951night. 011·52-615-50174 (2122-31 
4) 

EVE N T S 
Leadership Seminar: Prof .. slonal 
Etiquette for Students: presented on 

2124199~rom 3-4 p.m. in the Price Center 
Gallery B. As student leaders, asking for 
letters of recommendation, presenting 
invitations to potential speakers, and 
working with a variety of professionals is 
part of the job. How many students know 
how to handle this interaction with 
confidence and skill? This program will 
help all students to understand what IS 
expected. and appreciated by 
professionals. Sponsored by SOLO. For 
more info call5~-0501~ (2122) 

EMPLOYMENT 
$1500 wHkly potential mailing our 
circulars. No Experience Required. Free 
information packet. Call (202)452-5940. 
(1119-3129) 
Work Abroad! Student work opportunities 
around the world. Eam money while you 

~ ::S~:OfCAUFORNIA LEARN JAPANESE IN JAPAN! 
Enroll in a concentrated beginning or intermediate study program at 
UCR's sister university, Fukuyama University, located near Hiroshima. 
Participants in this course learn to speak, read and write Japanese and 
will stay with Japanese families to gain greater understanding of the 
culture as well as the language. . 

School Dates: June 28-July 23, 1999 
Orientation Meeting: April 8, 1999, 7-9 pm 
Cost: $2,600 (includes tuition, meals, 
accommodations, insurance and some local 
transportation) 
A $500 deposit is due by April 30, 1999, with 
the balance due on May 28. 

" Not only did I learn a very marketable skill-Japanese, but it was an 
unforgettable experience." 
" It was a unique experience that I will never forget." 
- participants in 1998 program 

1", , JI,,, I, I' " 
I d I 'IU'I, -" - I; I,>, ". 1 " UCR EXTENSION 
,," I I ",", I ~ Empft~ ",..,., /IfIMdet 0( CIIIIUIuIrt eclIaJdon for ~ 

THINKING OF MOVING 
OFF-CAMPUS? 

Here's a break for your parents-a chance for 
them to write off some of your college tuition! 

How, you ask? 

HAVE MOM & DAD BUY A 
CONDO OR TOWNHOUSE! 

You can: e Rent the extra rooms to your friends ... 
e Use the rent money to pay for the mortgage ... 
• You live in the condo for FREE, and ... 

TOBIN 
One of UCSD's finest ;s also a 

Realtor®! 

• .. . your parents can write off the interest on the mortgage! 

DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY PAYING RENT! 
Here's a way to pay for housing that is also an investment! Call Tobin today at 

Classified Line 
Ad Rates 

81udInII: 13 .. 20 __ 
FlCuIty • StIIIf: 14 .. 20 __ 

.10"": 16 .. 20 __ 
Advance payment Is required. 

Classified Display 
Ad Rates 

$9.00 per column Inch 
DNdIl"": 

_ .... DM DIIpIIy..A* LIne Ada 

II-. TlIurI. 3 pm TIIura. 
II-. Man. 3 pm IIan. 

travel intemationally. call1-888-Council 
& ask for Maria. (211-318) 

learn Bartending 

EXCEPTIONAL SUMMER 
OPPORTUNITY-CampWayne,NE PA. 
Counselor Specialists for all LandlWater 
Sports. Outdoor Adventure: Mtn Biking, 
Rocketry, A & C, Drama, Radio, Video. 
Campus interviews Thurs., April 15th. 
Call 1-888-549-2963 or e-mail 

wayneboys@a~l.com . (211,.:314) _ 
MALE • FEMALE MODELS. Our 
models have worked for Esquire 
Magazine, Skechers, Levi 's, Estee 
Lauder, Coca Cola. Most ages OK! 
Beginner's OK! Great pay! Call- Otto 
1 (800)959·9301 . (218-5/3.!) __ _ 
Childcare (in-home), Carmel ValleylOel 
Mar area, two children ages 9 & 11 . 
Aftemoonslearty evenings beginning at 
2:30pm, Mon-Fri. Approximately 25 
hourslweek. Must have car and valid 
driver's license. $6-8Ihour. Call 543-
5232. 
SaleslMarketing Intemships-Eam 3-6 K 
Working on your Campus T etephone 
Directory Excellent AdvertisinliSalesi 
PR experience. Call COLLEGE 
DIRECTORY PUBLISHING: 1-800-466-
2221 ext 233. www.campusdirectory.com 

(2116-41~) 

Monday. February 22. 1999 

Restaurant: HostesslHolt. Part· Time 
weekends. $8 to $MIr. plus tips. WiN 
aIsotnlil blood service. AppIy9:ooa.m. 
to 2:00p.m. Monday-Friday. The Eggery, 
Etc. 4130 MIssion Blvd. Pacific Beech. 
See Phil. (619)274-3122. (2116-22) 

GMAC$RFC 
Paid Marketing Intern Pos~ion Available 
for motivated students well connected in 
the campus community. 10-20 hrsJwk. 
Bonuses available. Call Chris at the 
Princeton Review: 619/558-OSOO. (2116-
25) 
PAID RESEARCH EXPERIENCE ($10 
per hour, eam up to $2(0). Students. 
gain valuable experience by assisting in 
a research project at area high schools. 
Participate as a survey proctor for hourty 

7536 Fay Ave. 456·BREW 
• ',,, 11 ',' 0 N :, 

(619)637-0609 (voice trYil) 
(619)621-5279 (office) 
e-nuil:Finestre.hol'flhotmilil.com 

" ;:":, ... 
coste YereX Shopping Center e 8650 Genesu Ave., Ste. 200 

(619) 457-9500 

Monday, February 22, 1999 

pay. Interact with high school students 
and instructOfl invoJved in a statewide 
survey program. No Long Term 
Commitment! Must have access to 
transportation or be avaHabie to carpool. 
Contact Cassandra or Brent 0 822-
2678. CALL NOWI STUDY BEGINS 
MARCH 1st. (2118-22) 
SALES- Earn fast cash by simply 
referring us callular phone customers. 
Contact Alan immediately. (619) 622-
1900. (2118-314) 
FUN SUMMER JOBS. Gain valuable 
experience working with children 
outdoors. We are looking for caring 
Summer DIY Camp staff whose 
summer home is in or near the San 
Fernando or Cone/O Valleys, Malibu, 
or Simi Valley. General Counselors & 
Specialists. Salaries range $2,100-
$3,200+. call 818-865-6263 or go to 
www.workatcamp.com(g/22·31..!!.L... 
EARN EXTRA CASH!!! MAKE YOUR 
OWN HOURS!!! RESPONSIBLE 
STUDENTS TO MARKET/MANAGE 
CITIBANK PROMOTIONS ON 
CAMPUS. FREE GIVEAWAYS! EARN 
S4OO+IWEEK. CALL TAWANNA AT 1-
800·950-8472 EXT. 114 (2122) 
,1ooo's WEEKLYII Stuff envelopes at 
home for $2.00 each plus bonuses. Work 
FIT or PIT. Make $800+ weekly, 
guaranteed! Free supplies. No 
experience necessary. For details, sand 
one stamp to: N·34 12021 W~shire Blvd. 
Suite 552, Los Angeles, CA. 90025 (21 
22-25) 
FREE RADIO + $12501 Fundraiseropen 
to student groups and organizations. 
Eam $3·5 per Visa/MC app. We supply 
all materials at no cost. Call for info or 
visit our website. Qualified callers receive 
a FREE Baby Boom Box. 1-8O().932· 
0528 x65 www.ocmconcepts.com (2/ 
22) 
EARN $200 OR MORE per week, part 
time, showing other students how they 
can BECOME MILLIONAIRES by the 
time they graduate. This is for real! CALL 
RON SHONK at 800-236-6045. (2122-31 
4) 
Tutor 12 year old, 15-20 hours/week, 
exchange for studio (kitchenibath) plus 
cash. Car required, La Jolla. 488·2662. 
(2122-25) ~ 
Free CD Holders, T-Shirts, Pre-Paid 
Phone Cards. Eam $1000 part·time on 
campus. Students or Student 
Organizations. Call for info. 1-888·358-
9099. (2122) _ _ __ _ 
Childcare, pert·time, in exchange for 
room and board. Flexible hours, non-
smokers only. Call Ed or Rhonda at 
(619)481·37'?!,. (2122-314) 

ROOMMATES 
Female nonsmoker to share 4 bedroo"l 
townhouse in UTC. Own room. $320 + 
1/4 utilities. Available 311 . 558-9269. (21 
11-25)_ . _____ _ 
Female Preferred to share 3 bedroom 2 

bathroom apat1ment in Solana Beach. 
S420 month 113 ... AvaUbIe 2128. 
481·2874. (2118-25) 
Female to share master bedroomlbath 
in La Jolla Colony. Pool/spa, dose to 
shopping center/ bus. $340, available 31 
27. 625-0255. (2118-3111) 
Rommate Wanted: Share large muter 
bedroom with 8II8Ched bathroom for 
$320 plus one·third utilities. Near 
shopping, WIlking <Istance to school. 
Ethemet comection. Call 587-8875. (21 
18·318) 

FOR RENT 
Large Linda Vista home w. ~y 
viewl $350, plus utilities. Cable, phone, 
washer/dryer. 984-74751274-4617. (21 
16-25) 
Large house on Diamond Street in Pacific 
Beach. $450, plus utilities, includes 
Cable, phone, washer/dryer. 984-74751 
274-4617. (2116-25) 
One master room for rent across from 
UTC. Can be rented as a single for $470 
or as a double for $325 per person. 
There is a large connecting bathroom! 
shower and 2 large closets. Very new 
and spacious. Available end of March. 
452-7879. (2122'31t) 
Studio (kitchenlbath) in exchange for 
tutoring 12 year old, 15-20 hoursJweek, 
plus cash. Car required. ea Jolla. 488-
2662. (2122-25) 
Apartment master bedroom: fits 1 or 2 
people, available Spring Break. Quiet, 
cIosa to UCSD, UTC. Rent negotiable 
depending on one or two people taking 
the room. Utilities cheap, water free. call 
Bill at 457-3850 or leave message. (21 
22-314) 

FOR SALE 
Mac laptop, desktop, CD-Rom, cornptAer 
speakers, and 2 Hewtett Packard printers 
for sale. Must 181111 For more info call 
Adolfo ASAP at 421·1373 from 6-1 0 
p.m . (214-~ 
Canon Innova laptop. 360CD with 32 
mb RAM, Pentium Processor. Includes 
28.8 modem. Windows 98, Plus! 98, 
1997 Microsoft Office Suite. $800 or 
best offer. Contact Marc 587-8875. (211-
22) 
1995 Honda Civic LX. 4 doors, auto 
trans. red. Aircond. newtires. 6OKmiles. 
Asking: $9995.00 Call 622·29n (day) 
or 459-7559 (avenin ). (2116,25) 
Breeding Pair of prehensile tail skinks 
with custom built 6'x2'x2' oak andsafety 
glass showcase. $400 o.b.o. Holly 275-
5334. (2/18-22) 
1993 Kawasaki ExSOO, Great Condition, 
Custom paint, hunter green, full fairing, 
12K miles, very nice. $2,000. Karan 
~2·8962. (2122·25) 
BMW '88 7351 Black with Grey interior, 

. excellent con<iIion, all power, great body, 
167,000 miles, Must sell. $8,000. Call 
267-9927. (2122) 

The UCSD Guardian 

For Sale, Queen size Bed, Good quality. 
Price: $70doIlars. Please call (619) 291-
6667 after 6 p.m. 01 (619) 822·1121 
between 9 a.m.·5 p.m. (2122) 

VV ANT E D 
Eel, DOfWfiS 

-.alE A DIFFEREnCE" 
In couples ilia thel are longing to 
'- • family. They need yoAJII spec:IaI 

HELP. 
II you _ hNItIIy anil t.tw.n 

1t-30 Y" old. 
CompeneaIIon Is heartily given for 

yoAJII time and eflort-$3000 plus 
1110 lor nv.Ie.~. 

Please caN 
CIIEIIIIE ccn:EPmI'I. m 

1-888.anKa 

Asian' 
Egg Do.,or 
Neededl 

Loving infertile couple is hoping 
to find a kind woman to help us 
have a baby. We're hoping 
to find ~ inteligent with a 
Chinese, Japanese, or Korean 
background. Artistic and athletic 
talent appreciated. 
(800) 886-9373 ext 7225 

tornow 
Compensation $6.500 

plus expe.nses 
Thank you (or your consideration 

Caucasian Research subjects reimbursed 
for interview. If you are a UCSD student, 
21-25, call 552-8585 x4185 for moce 
information. (1/11-6/3) 
Volunteers paid $30.00 for interview. If you 
are entirely of Japanese or Korean descenl, 
age21-25, call 552-8585 x 2182. (117-613) 
Jewish Research subjects reimbursed lor 
intervtew. If you ale a UCSD student, 21-
25, call 552-8585 x4185 for more 
information. (1/11-6/3) ___ _ 
Give the miracle of life- Becoming an egg 
donor. Females between 21 & 31 , call 
(619) 673-0885. (Compensation for time, 
inconvenience) (2116-613) 

SERVICES 
Horseback riding lessons for studentsl 
staff. $I01hr. Westem or English. Imperial 
Beach area. Show horses, no nags! Call 
(619)523-0474. (1/14-2125) 

GIVE US TIME 
TO REPAY 

lOURLOANa 
After just three years in 

the Army, your college, 
loan could be a thing of 
the past. ' 

Under the Army's Loan 
Rqayment pugram, each 
year you serve on active 
duty reduces your indebt-
edness by one-third or 
$1,500, whichever amount 
is greater, up to a $65,000 
limit. 

This offer applies to 
Perkins Loans, Stafford 
Loans and certain other 
federally insured loans 
which are not in default 

And this is just the 
first of many benefits the 
Army will give you. Get 
the whole story from 
your Army Recruiter . 

61'·481·1711 

AUK 
_ALL 1011 CAN 1£ 

www.goarmy.com 

PSYCHOTHERAPY: Individual and 
couples therapy, in a supportive and 
caring environment, to help you deal 
with Personal, Family & School 
Pressures, Relationship Issues, 
Depression, Loss, Anxiety, Pregnancy, 
Self-Esteem, Motivation, Career Issues, 
etc. Laurie KoIt, Ph.D., Psychologist 
(I..icIPSY8556), La Jolla 456·2005. (21 
22) 

PERSONAL INlIY 
FORMER LA & SO 

DEPUTY DISTRICT ATTORNEY 
'Auto 
. Accidents 
'Dog Bite 
• Head 
Injuries 

619.794.1700 
1125 Camino Del Mar, Stc. 0, 

DelMar 

LOST & FOUND 
LOST: Gold Bracelet. In Rimac Racquet 
Sports Area- week of Jan. 21 . Greek 
design. Please caU 552-0609, (218-25) 

CLASSIFJEDS 13 

FOUND: Gold Bracelet. In Rimac parking 
101 in December. Yin Yang design. Call to 
Claim: 552-0609. (218-25) 
FOUND: Retainer. In women's restroom 
onReveliecampus.Call534-3311 to claim. 
(2116-25) 

PERSONALS 
To Babak and Anne· truly the best 
coaches around. Thank you. We love 
you. Fa-BOOM! -The UCSD Ballroom 
Dance Team. (2118·22) __ _ 
Congratulations Charae Gibbs and 
Amanda Vagi of Delta Deha Delta-
Panhetlenic Bowling Cham~ns!1 (2122) 
McNally, I kick your ass at home in 
Madden '99, so I'll dominate you at the 
RIMAC All Ni2!lter. DHK. (2122) 
DH- A word of advice for the Madden '99 
tournament at RIMAC. PLEASE take 
that weak-ass reverse out of your 
pia book. (2122) 
Hey Dave, check it out: the dance team 
is performing at the RIMAC A11·Nighter 
at 2am! Now we don't have to sit through 
a ball game just to see them dance!(21 
22) 
The National Archives want Monica 
Lewinsky's famous dress with the 
Presidential stain. Maybe it can go next 
to similar entries from Thomas Jefferson 
and JFK. (2122) 

UTIFUL SMILES MADE HERE 

$55" 
HandIe<. 

$q .~ ~ . 
q .~~/~r. 

SWAKER (Scan, Weigh. Key) 
If you're fast on 10-key, we've got an 
opportunity for you! Responsibilities will 
include inputting bar code information 
along with loading and unloading 
packages. 

PACKAGE ,HANDURS 
IlOADrIS/UNlOADfIS) 
You'll start at S8.00-S8.50/hr. plus 
$1 .00/hr. for eligible tuition after 30 days. 
And you'll earn another $.50/hr. raise 
after 90 days. Shifts are available from 
early morning to late night, and you won't 
work weekends. 

Apply in person Mon.-Fri., 9am-3pm at: 

THAT'S 
lMOST 

TOO 
GOOD 

TO if 
PA.T-

TIME. 

RPS,lnc ... 
9999 Olson Drive, Suite 100 
San Diego, CA 92121 All FDX CO",pall, 

KOE / ...... 



14 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian Monday. February 22. 1999 

UCSD Can't Squeeze Past Panthers 
CLOSE CALL: The Tritons come close, but can't overcome a one-run deficit and lose, 3-2 

GRAND c.EMWG 
Sao 'lulo ••••••••• $685 
Honolulu ........... $288 
a..-.. ............. $371 

All fares are round-trip. Tex not __ . Some __ OIIIIIY. 
CSTI10175eO«> 

270-1750 
4475 Million Biwi. SUIte If 

ST/j 
STA TRAVEL 
... _--

Ii (J ()" \ () I H T I ( "f T, I)', II ',1 
www.statravel.com 

By BrIan Welles 
Staff Writer 

To say that wins and losses 
come in bunches is not a phrase that 
the UCSD baseball team is familiar 
with so far this season. 

The beautiful sunshine 

Pelletier. 
Saturday's starter for UCSD, 

John Gherini, was able to replicate 
Chapman's pitching effort by 
pitching out of jams - the 

Panthers had runners in scor-
ing position in each of 
the lirst three innings. 

The Panthers, how-".'I!~~[JI ever, were able to 
muster a three-run 

wilh a Triton victory. But 
such hopes did not transpire as 
UCSD continued to bounce back 
and forth between the win and loss 
column with a tough 3-2 defeat to 
Chapman University. 

The team 's record is an even 5-
5, and 2-1 in Division III play. The 
Chapman Panthers, entering the 
contest with a 5-0 record, managed 
to keep the Tritons scoreless unti I 
the bottom of the fourth when 
junior Ryan Hill scored from third 
on an RBI groundout by Steve 

inning in the sixth, 
which was all they needed 

for the win. 
UCSD trailed 3-2 going into the 

bollom of. the ninth. The Tritons 
thought they had built up enough 
momentum te pull oUt a win after 
Eric Thorpe pitched out of a tough 
situation with the bases loaded and 
no outs in the top of the inning. The 
Triton dugout howled with 
appraisal fo~ Thorpe's effort at 
bailing out the team after UCSD 
turned a 1-2-3 double-play (Thorpe 
to Jess Warrington to Eli Reichline) 

Julius Choi/ Guarc1/., 
DoIIIIIe: UCSD shortstop Matt Merrifeld forces out a Panther and 
throws to first for the double-play, as Kenny Auharty looks on. 

to end the top of the ninth. 
Thorpe continued to ignite his 

club witb a lead-off single to right 
in the bottom of the ninth. But the 
next three batters failed to produce 
anything, resulting in a 3-2 loss to 
the Panthers and a silent, deflated 
Triton dug0'f after the game. 

The difference in the game was 

an unearned run off a two-base 
error by UCSD. which made the 
divisionaJ loss even more crushing. 

"[It was a] well-played baseball 
game, [and a] good battle [in the 
final inning]," Head Coach Dan 
O'Brien said. "We made key mis-
takes. and they took advantage of 
our mistakes." 

Robert A. Rees D.D.S. Cosmetic and Family Dentistry 
Soft and Gentle Dentistry • "We cater to the timid" 
All phases of Treatment Available: Cleanings/Exams, Non-Mercury Fillings, Crowns, 
Root Canals, Extractions, and Cosmetic Dentistry. We provide bleaching, too! 
Student Discounts Available. Insurance is Accepted. 

Yo" wnt to..&ool 
to <itaiy Ei«triNI 
EnginHf';ng. 
Y_ .. ..., .... 
~fbU#lIn 
itrl4ginlltUm. ANI_',.., 
'-king fOt' E& liJu 
!JDIl willi 1M tm..iatl 

etHrIfM/~n« ansJ imAgi-
lUllion 10 ~ ptrrl 
tlf 1M 1Hg/I-...,l«ity 
wi,..,/u" ini),utry. 

~h,-~~~ 
nnaag~ 
and the technical drive to win!. 

In the Wireless Products Group at Watkins·Johnson . we do everything fast. Fait to market with superior wiretess 
infras tructure products. And fast integration of new talent into our organization. 

That 's where you come in! At W-J , we'lI put your expertise to work imlJlediately in a dynamic, exciting work 
environmenl. We 're looking for EEs with the vision and technical competence to help us continue providing 
product s that are redefining the wireless commu nications industry. 

E 
o 
u 
. 

tf you're looking for a place where you can make a REAL dilTerence-fast-then look no further than the Wiretesl 
Products Group at Watkins-Johnson . 

Wireless Communic:lltlons 
RF O .. lgn Engin .. rs 
BSEE. MSEE. or 
BS/MS Physics 

Project Engineers 
BSE~~. MSEE, 

BS/MS Physics 

ATE Softwa,. o.v.topment Engl.-s 
OSH:lBSCS 

Manufacturing Engl.-s 
OSEE 

RFIC Design Engl.-s 
BS/MSEE 

We will be interviewing on your Campus on March 1 81 2. 
Watkins·Johnson.3333 Hill view Ave .• Palo Alto, CA 94304·1223 . I- Fax: 650-8 13-2418. email: stafling@Wj.com. ~OE. I 

. 

I 
I 
I 'ALO ALTO THE WIIIIUU EDOI'" 

7761 Herschel Ave. In Downtown La jolla 
(619) "5"·6181 Mon-Thurs· 7am-2pm 

Check us· out at: www.RobertReesDDS.com 

.-------------:::ii-~-------------

BLACK & WHITE COPIES 

457-3f15 
8149 VILlA lA JOW DR. 

AACl2I 

kinko-s 
Express \burself 
24 Hoas, 1 DAYS A WED 1 __ JI3'1_1 
---~---------------------------------

Study Japanese this Summer in Tokyol 
Study and live at Waseda University during the 
eight-week 1999 WasectalOragon Summer Japanese 
Program (June 21-August 13) which offers immersion 
courses in Japanese language (4 levels) and workshops 
in Japanese Business Communication and Japanese 
Multimedia. Earn 18 quarter/12 semester credits in 
Japanese language - equivalent to one year! 
Prior language study NOT requirad. 

SchoIarahIpa avaiIabIel 

WaIedrIOregon &Imw....,.,... Program 
Oregon Pa1nerIhIp for Int'I EdtICllllon 

121 SW MarrIIon sn.t, ... 548 
PortIInd, OR 87205 

IntoeopIe.org ..." 823-7138 
www.apIe.CIrg 

Monday, February 22, 1999 The I,1CSD Guardian 

Tritons Split Final Two' Games 
IN THE AIR: With this weekend's split, UCSO's playoff hopes are yet to be decided 
By JolIn ...,...,.. the Tritons turned up their play, 
Sports Editor which led to a 32-21 halftime lead. 

The mark of a good team is its Junior Kate Turnbull, who has 
ability to bounce back from a loss been stepping up lately as one of 
and crush its next opponent as if the Tritons' dominant players. did 
that previous defeat never hap- not disappoint Triton fans in 
pened. the lirst half. nor in the 

Though the Tritons' second. Turnbull was 
II -game win-~! m a kin g 
ning streak ____ A.I( r_ALLI plays all 
was snapped over the 
by The Master's College court on both offense and 
last Friday night, Coach Judy defense. She was best all-
Malone's squad seemed unfazed around for UCSD on Saturday 
by the whole mailer on Saturday night. The junior brought down 10 
night, as it went on to embarrass rebounds, 9 points and a. pair of 
Christian Heritage College by 18 assists. Turnbull also had two 
points in its linal regular-season steals and one blocked shot. 
game, 65-47. Along side Turnbull was 

From the opening minutes of sophomore center' Kim 
the game, the Tritons were strong "Shaquille" Neal, who came off 
down low and a threat up top. the hench with thunder down low 
They were a team out to avenge against the Hawks. Neal recorded 
Friday's 63-74 Master's loss. and a team-best 15 points in just 13 
to prove to the Hawks that things minutes on the court. 
.were not going to he close like "Kim pulled through big-time 
they were in the teams ' last towards the end," Turnbull said. 
encounter. Last time, the Tritons ''I' m so happy that her hard work 
squeezed by Christian Heritage in at practice has paid 611." 
an overtime nail-biter. 72-64. The majority of Neal's playing 

After a few minutes of back time came in the opening moments 
and forth scoring in the lirst half, of the second half, when the 

.,... 32 

Tritons went on a series of scoring 
runs. UCSD opened the half with a 
6-0 run. Then Neal came in 011 the 
bench and was responsible for all 
of the points in the Tritons' next 
scoring run: an 8-0 pounding. 

The Tritons' chain of scoring 
runs allowed Malone to play with 
the UCSD lineup. Malone 

0_ Lubotz/ Guardian 
Looka.t: Junior forward Marci Ernsberger sets up outside and 
looks for an open Triton down low. 

switched things up and used most 
of her bench, which played as 
solid as the Triton starters. 
Sophomore Genevieve Ruvald 
and junior Marci Ernsberger were 
aggressive as always. This intimi-
dating duo ransacked the Hawks' 

allack and combined for 12 points, 
9 rebounds and 3 steals. 

Though Saturday night's win 
was stellar at the very least, Friday 
night's Master's loss could have 
nixed playoff hopes. Triton fans, 
keep your lingers crossed. 

SPORTS 15 

TRACK: 
Freshmen are key in 
Tri-meet win 
ContInued frOlll ..... 11 
the team's freshmen. Arguably, the 
best performance on the day was 
the effort turned in by Steve Smith. 
Smith showed a lot of drive and 
really got his teammates pumped 
up when he oven.:ame !wo oppo-
nents in the last hundred meters of 
the 400-ll1eter race, turning a fOllrth 
place linish into an inspiring sec-
ond place. His performance was 
good enough to earn him the title of 
Triton Male Athlete of the Week. 

Another strong freshmen perfor-
mance was given by Phong Long. 
Long made huge strides in his jump-
ing this week with a second place 
finish in the long jump with a mark 
of 22 feet, almost two feet beller 
than the previous week and an all-
time sixth in UCSD history. Long 
also made a significant contribution 
with a foot-and-a-half improvement 
in his triple jump, jumping a di~­
tance of 41 feel 3 inches, good 
enough for third overall. 

The women's learn also had 
significant play from its freshmen . 
Lynn Brinkman and Catherine 
Nolan led the way for the Triton 
throwers. Brinkman recorded a 
throw of 117-04 in the javelin, 
good enough for first overall, 
while Nolan threw 111 -04 to earn 
second place. 

"Our team has a lot of depth 
and a jot of new talent," Levin-
Soler said. "We know we can give 
someone a break one week and 
someone will fill their place so no 
one will burned out as the season 
goes on." 

Spend the night with us, at Recreationl 

.. 

• 

Friday, F.llruar, 26 11p •• 7 •• 
/' 

a.ls: DIalectic Soul, AllIed Sift, Da.n Y • . Dave, GrHnsboro' Lane, Physu~ Stagger 
Tonal.llls: Bask .... 3 ... -3, Fr .. Throw & Shootout; VoI.yllall; Wa.yIIaI~ Maclelen 199 Play Station 

Dt.dIg, food, priZIS, S_ wr.stling, ,elao wall _ .ore 
OPEN TO UCSD STUDENTS ONLY-AND IT'S FREE! II 

SPONSORED BY U(SD RECREATION & ASU(SD 



16 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian 

., ..... , .. 
~...,., 
_--., .. 

""",. ,.-
~,.,. ... 

- Gerald R FOfd 

Bill Burger 
A Yankee Doodle 
Dandy? 

CongralUlatlon, cw Yor!.. 
Yan!..cc,. How doc~ II feci to be 
th.: 1<}<}9 World Scrie, champi -
on, bdore ~pnng trainlllg ha, 
c\en hegun"!! 

hill' \\erc lunou, ahout the 
KClin Brow n contract earlia 
tIm w I Iller. hut the) rClllalilcd 
.,Ilent ahout the Clemcll\-
Y.IIl!..ee, debaclc. Where I, the 
backla~h for the deal that the 
Yankee, made e.ll'ller tllll. )ca(' 
For tho,c 01 yUU who nw"cd II . 
the Yankec, tradcd Da\ Id Well,. 
Gracille Lloyd and Homer Bu,h 
In exchange lor tWO-lillie 
defending Cy YOllng winner 
Ruger Clemcn,. 

I don't rcall) understand 
\\hat\ g<lIng un In,ldc of 
George Stelllbrcnncr ' , head . 
You Will the WOlld Sene,. you 
,ct the maJol /.:aguc record lor 
Will' III a ycar and ) et rClUmlng 
those pl!lycr, lor another run at 
the champlon,hlp I,n't enough. 

To me tIm ,oumh like a I.:a~c 
01 Stcillbrenncr\ ego gelling In 
the W3) . Hc doc,n·tjw.t want to 
\\111 . he wanl, 10 make II ,olhal 
Yankee gallic, are completel) 
unwalchahle 

David Wclb \\ll' Ihe hean and 
,oul 01 lil,t year 's team. HI! Wi\., 
the All-Star ~tarter lor the 
American League laM year and 
wen! undeleatl!d III the play.off s. 
What doc~ he get for a reward" -
a trade to a mediocre Blue Jay, 
team who ha, no chance to win. 

Thi, trade sy mboli ze, what 
i~ wrong wi th sports. When 
player, arc drafted it I, , up-
posed to mean that pl ayer will 
play fo r that team. Thb i, the 
way it wa, when sports were 
practica lly rcligion and baseball 
was America's paslime. 

Now, pl ayers care more 
about the name on the back of 
their jersey than the name on the 
fro nt . and owner, care more 
about thei r pocketbook, than 
their fans. I JUM hope that some-
time soon the players and own-
er, wi ll ,i t down and realize that 
there I, a correlation betwcen 
their greed and our dis intere~t. 

In~ t ead of buildlllg on It, ter-
nllc ,ea,on la,t year. baseball 
ha, spent the ent ire oil-season 
trylllg to dim llllsh it, on- lield 
achievements. 

So to the Yankee" I ,ay good 
luck . Steinbrenner. you have 
praclica lly guaranteed yourself 
another championshi p this year. 
but at what co,!" Clemens is a 
hell 01 a player. and your team I, 
bCller bccau,e you have hlln. 
but he careful : Penali l lllg pl ay-
ers li ke DaVid Wells becau,e 
they had a great season wi ll only 
make the players more apathet-
IC. If you arcn't carelul, there 
aren't going to be any fans left 
like me that care enough to 
write a column about it. 

Slug Smushers 
On Saturday, the women s water polo team unleashed a fUry of offensive 
power against UC Santa Cmz, winning 13-6 
By John Maynard 
Sports Editor 

A weird haze seemed to hang 
o\er the UCSD women's water 
polo team in the Feb. 12- 14 Arena 
Inv itational. The Tritons managed 
only one win in three games and 
were no doubt di,appointed. This 
weekend. however. had a di ffere nt 
,elling. The hale lifted, the sun 
shilled and the Tritons were in full 
hloom. 

Coming off a tough weekend 
where the Tritons fc ll to UCLA, 
UC Davis and UC Santa Barbara. 
coach Denny Harper's squad was 
fueled to redeem itself on Saturday 
against UC Santa Cruz. And it did. 

The Tntons played in seasoned 
fonn as they went on to win 13-6, 
Improvi ng their record to 2-6. Junior 
Dara Burch wa, UCSD's top ,corer 
~ il h 4 goals. fo llowed by senior 
Jenny IrwlIl. who scored 3 goals. 

Harper\ squad was quick to geJ 
by the Santa Cru7 goalie in the lirs! 
quarter. Burch and Irwin paired fo r 

.. 

:! goals apiece and the Slugs wcre Usa Huff/ Guardian 
unable to answer, giving UCSD a Shot: Nora Salem sets up to ta ke a shot against UCSC . Salem scored one goal as UCSD won, 13-6. 
4-0 advantage . quite successful. The Tri tons points to UCSD's quickness and abil- nament - teams from Stanfo rd. 

The Tritons went on lO add 3 scored 5 th ird-quarter goa ls, and ity to catch an opponent off guard. Berkeley and USC, among others. 
goab in the second quarter. while added another goa l in the fourth TIle Tritons will definitely need this The Tritons arc well -equipped to 
the strong UCS D defen,e, quarter. During thi s span, the type of offense this weekend as they handle such a task and hope to tum 
anchored by Tnton goalie Maryam UCSD defense had its succe,ses as travel up the coast for thc annual UC out beller results than in their last 
Hadi ashar, re linquished only well , giving up only 4 goa ls. Santa Barbara Invitational. tournament. From the looks of 
2 goals. Hadi ashar fin - Though the Tritons The invitational will most likely Saturday's game, it 's fair to say 
ished her day were undoubt- house the same caliber squads that that the sun will keep shining over 
with 6 saves. I WOMEN'si .... OLOI edly better than the Tritons faced at their own tour- San Diego. 

Do min a nt . .~. the Slugs, 
lirst-half play Burch said that 
allowed the Tritons to try out the team sti II has some sub-
new moves in the second half. sl.antial room for improvement 

"This game gave us a lot more - most notably on the fundamen -
conlidence," Burch said. "Against tals. 
Santa Cruz we were able to prac- "We played a lot beller, but we 
tice a lot of the things we've been still had a lot of turnovers," she 
working on." said. 

The practice Harper implement- Nonetheless, the Tritons made a 
ed in Saturday's game proved to be lot of counter-attack goals, which 

Track Continues Successes 
YOUTH: UCSD freshmen are a strong asset at Saturday's Tri-meet win 
By Saul Sheridan 
Senior Staff Writer 

It takes more than just one star 
athlete to make a winning tealli . It 
takes an enlire team, with everyone 
focused on a common goa l. 
Victory requires a team full 
of athletes, each willing to 
put personal glory 
as ide and assume a 
ro le lhat is most bene-
Ik ial to the group. 
champi onship team must 
pos,ess a certain character to 
overcome any obstacles that might 
get in the way. 

This week the Tritons were able 
to overcome a slow start . They dis-
played both poi se and a depth of 
character as they put away confer-
ence rivals Cal State Bakersfield 
and Cal Poly Pomona this weekend 
in Bakersfield . 

"Our team was fortun ate 
enough to get into situations where 
we were able to get first and second 
place fini shes," Head Coach Ted 
Van Arsdale said. " It was those 

events where we were able 
to get first, second and 

fourth -place points in 
one event that really 
helped our team in 
the long run." 

An example of the 
Triton one- two punch is 

the performance of sophomore 
Nicole Rodriguez and senior co-
captain Danielle Scheibli . The tan-
dem blew away the competition in 
the 400-meter hurdles with a first 
and second place finish, respective-
ly. Scheibli then went o~ to com-
pete in the IOO-meters, placing 
fourth in the competition and giv-
ing her team some much needed 

points. For her efforts she was hon-
ored with the Triton Female Athlete 
of the Week award. 

"Danielle really displays a lot of 
poise and maturity in competition," 
Van Arsdale said. "She is a leader 
on the team." 

The men's team also received 
impressive first and second place 
performances from senior Kevin 
Prindiville and junior Josh Levin-
Soler in the 5000-meter race. 
Prindiville led the way with a first-
place finish with a time of 15:37.5, 
while Levin-Soler came in on his 
heels with a time of 15:45.1. 

"It was a tough, physical race 
for us." Levin-Soler said. "I think 
we did really well to come out 
ahead like we did." 

The meet was also characterized 
by some excellent performances by 

See 1IIACK, page 15 


