
Elsewhere 
Chancellor Refu .. . 
to DropC ...... . 
BERKELEY - UC Berkeley 
Chancellor Robert Berdahl said 
on Thursday that he would not 
waive charges against protest-
ers who were arrested last 
week during a IO-hour demon-
stration to support the ethnic 
studies program. Of the 46 
demonstrators who were arrcst-
ed by police, five peoplc were 
taken to Bcrkcley City Jail for 
tre passing and disrupting busi-
ness. Berdahl said he would 
not drop the charges because 
he believes that the protesters 
made a choice to engage in 
civil disobedience and should 
understand the consequences. 
1l1e demonstrators were 
protesting against alleged cut-
backs in Berkeley 's ethnic 
studies program's funding. 
Berdahl said no such faculty 
cutbacks or budget reductions 
ever took place. 

- The Daily Californian 

Bask.tball Player 
Sentenced 
HARlFORD, Conn. -
University of Connecticut ba.,-
kctball playcr Khalid EI-Amin 
was sentenced last Thursday 
by a judge after pleading guilty 
to possessing less than four 
ounces of marijuana. Judge 
Raymond Nokko sentenced the 
college basketball star 10 six 
hours of community ervice 
and ordered him to address 
three inner-city Hartford mid-
dle schools about his arrest and 
how it affects his life. Under 
the terms of a conditional plea 
agreement, lhe court will dis-
miss the case in 30 days and 
erase the incident from his 
record, if EI-Amin complies. 

- The Daily Campus 

Student All •••• 
Racial Attack 
TUCSON. Ariz. - A 
Nigerian University of 
Arizona graduate student said 
on Wednesday that he will 
seek $1 million in damages 
for an alleged racially-moti-
vated incident that involved 
four university police offi-
cers. Nurdeen Lawai, an elec-
trical and computer engineer-
ing student, filed a complaint 
alleging he was treated .in "a 
physically rough manner" by 
the police officers. His claim 
states that the University of 
Arizona Police Deparlment 
officers wrongfully identified 
Lawai as a suspect in a cam-
pus robbery and detained him 
for more thaH two hours. He 
also alleges that one officer 
"used the full force of his 
body" to throw Lawai "face-
first" into a wall. 

- Arizona Daily Wildcat 

Spoken ... 
"Students are overwhelm-
ingly disappointed. To my 
surprise, peopLe want a 
commencement even if 

there :~ no speaker." 
- Joe Leventhlll 

A.S. President 
See story at right 

Internet: www.ucsd.edu/guardisn 
E·mail: guardian@ucsd.edu 

A Nation Divided United State 
The abortion debate is examined Does UCSD :s system (~f.five 
and broken down into meaningful individual colleges un!fy or 
terms for you to decide divide studellts? 

Features, page 9 Opinion, page 4 

T H E 

UC SAN DIEGO MONDAY, APRIL 19, 1999 

SAN DIEGO TROLLEY 

NextSto 
As the San Diego Trolley expands to our campus, 
UCSD debates the best location for the new station 
By Jeffrey M. Barker 
Senior Staff Writer 

The San Diego Trolley will make its way 
up to UCSD - exactly where on campus and 
how much it will cost the university will be 
discussed by the San Diego Metropolitan 
Transit Development Board next month. 

(MTDB) have heen working logether sirl"ce 
the mid-1980s 10 hring the lrolley 10 Ihe 
UCSD campus. However, the two organil.a-
tions have never seen eye-Io-eye as to where 
the lrolley stop should he located. MTDB will 
decide the station local ion al a meeling lenla-
tively scheduled for May 13. 

The University of California and the 
Metropolitan Transit Development Board 

The trolley will come 10 campus alongside 
Interstate 5. Whether it wi II arrive on the cast or 
west side of the freeway is yet 10 be decided. 
There are three options for where the Trolley 
stop will he located. A stalion easl of 1-5 would 
be ncar Thornton Hospital while a western sta-
tion wou ld he at Gilman Drive near Villa La 
Jolla Drive. A third option is for noth slalions 
to be construclcd. 

Advocales for a trolley slat ion ncar Ihe 
Price Center/Geisel Library area of cam-
pus said thai a more central location for 

See TROLlEY, Page :2 

Sun God Line-up Announced 
CONCERT: Cypress Hill, Reel Big 
Fish, Pimp Symphony will perform 
By Jennifer Oracly 
Staff Writer 

Following the Bailie of the Bands concen last 
Friday the lineup for the May 14 Sun God 
Festival was announced. Cypress Hill and Reel 
Big Fish have been conlirmed for the Sun God 
concen. The winner of the Bailie of the Bands, 
Pimp Symphony, will be the 'opening act. 

Pimp Symphony was chosen from among 17 
bands thatlried out. To be considered for the con-
test, each band must have included at least one 

member thai allends UCSD. The Sun God com-
millee listened to the demo tapes of each hand, 
Ihen selecled Ihe top live 10 compete in the Bailie 
of the Bands. 

"We have never had such a hig turnout," 
Aetna Wun, who works with A.S. Festivals 
Coordinator Zach Beehee, said. "We wanl 10 
make this a tradition in Ihe Price Cenler. So many 
bands applied for the competition, even people 
from the public wanled to play. We want to reach 
out to all the students." 

This year, a diverse collection of musical tal -
ent entered Ihe contest, nearly one from every 

See nSnVAL, Page 7 

Foundations ~ 
The men s vollevball team ~ finished its sea.~on Saturday, Z 
and looks to the future 0 

Sports, page 20 :IE 

5 D 

Students React 
to Canceled 
Grnduation 
COUNCIL: Leventhal proposes 
legislation for an A.S. spon ored 
all-campus commencement 
By Vincent Gragnani 
Senior Staff Wflter 

In n::~ponst: 10 Iht: cancellation of all · 
campus com l1lt:nt: t: I11 t: nt this yt:ar. disap-
poinlcd sludt: nts art: trying 10 hring tht: l:t:r-
emony hack to life . Chancd lor Rohat 
Dynes cant:elcd thi s year's all·campus wm-
l1lencement about two weeks ago due to dif-
ticullies in sewring a sf1<!aker. 

A.S. Presidenl Joe Leventhal inlroduced 
legislation to the A.S. Council lasl 
Wednesday that would provide an estimatt:d 
$17,500 for an A.S. Council sponsort:d al/ · 
campus l:Ol1ll11encement. 

In addition, Revelle st: ni or Mike 
Malliarys is circu lating f1<!titions for slu-
dents to sign dqmanding thallhe adminislra-
tion lind a speakcr for Ihis yt:ar's COI1l -
mencement. Malliarys also asked Ihe A.S. 
Coum:ilto pass a resolulion ~lating studenls' 
discontent over the cancellalion of Ihe all -
campus commencement. 

Levenlhal said that student reaction III 
Ihe cancellation of the all-campus Wlll -
l11encement has becn negalive. 

"Studenls arc overwhelmingly di sap-
pointed," Leventhal said. 'To my surprise. 
people want a commencement even if 
there's no speaker." 

Levenlhal said that hecause the adminis-
tration should not he expected to hold a 
commencement wilhout a speaker. he fav()r~ 
the option of an A.S.-sponsored ceremony. 

"Ilhink it's unn::a lislic to expeci Ihe uni-
versilY to g() ahead with an oflicial all ·cam-
pus COnl mt:ncemenl withoul a speaker: ' 
Leventhal said. "I don ' I think Ihal eliminates 
the possibilily of the sludents - Ihe A.S.-
pUlling on an informal commencement ." 

Leventhal said thai if his idea of an A.S.-
sponsored commencement hecomes a rea li -
ty, he wou ld like 10 see students, a facullY 
memher and possihly a parent speak at the 
commencement. 

Leventhal added that the A.S. Council 
can only put on an informal commencement 
if students arc willing to help. 

"The more I think about it the mon: I 
Ihink it is feasible," Leventhal said. "Our 
higgest problem would be whether or not 
there arc students wi lling to put il on." 

Malliarys, who plans 10 gal her dose to a 
thousand studenl signatures protesling the 
cancellation , said that while the A.S. 
Council plan for an all -campus commence-
ment is a good alternative, the administra-
tion should still be held responsible for not 
providing an official ceremony. 

"I like the idea because at least we would 
have one," Malliarys said. "But it doesn ' t 
make up for the fact lhat the administration 

See RESPONSE, Page 3 



2 NEWS 

TROLLEY: 
Some want station 
near Geisel Library 
Continued from .,.,. 1 
the trolley i, the most logical plan. 

'They hasica ll y feel that it 
makes more sense - that it seelm 
to he thl.! right th ing to do:' said 
Milt Phegley. a CSD cam pus 
communi ty planner. "Cmt. poten-
tial and rider.hip heneli t, arc con-
sidered above all." 

Dennis Wah l. project manager 
of the llI id-coast l ine of thl.! tro lley. 
"lid tl.!s ts conducted duri ng the 

1980~ shOlwd that the vihrations 
producl.!d hy a trolley traveling 
through the cen ter of campus 
would disturh research and !'ocil.!n-
tilic I.!qui pment. 

Wahl said that phy,ical condi-
tions and the uni versity admi nistra-
tion's long-ferm goa ls have ruled 
out a station in the current center of 

campu~ activi ty. He also ,aid 
MTDB has opted for the ea,ie r and 
less disrupt ive option. 

Wahl said the difference in cost 
between huilding tro lley stations on 
each si de of thl.! freeway is great: 
the plan I()r th..: project shows the 
tro lley on the east sid..: of 1-5 travel-
ing from Old Town Sun Diego to 
th..: La Jolla area. Crossing ov..:r to 
the west side of the freeway to 
accommodate a UCSD stati on 
would require a costly hridge or 
suh-frceway tunnel. 

Pheg ley sa id the proposed ..:ast 
ca ll1pu ~ site. n..:ar Thornton 
Hospital. would he dos..:r to the 
c..:nt..:r of CSD's growing campus 
in 20 I O. which is when thc La Jolla 
stop for the trolley would he com-
pleted. He said that hefore the first 
trolley 'l ips throu~h CSD. cast 
campus will hccoll)e IlOme In a 30-

acre scienti lic research park, the 
Preu s~ School and an expanded 
medical center. 

A lso, Phegley said that a two-
vehicular-lane hridge over 1-5 on cast 
campus is currently under develop-
ment. The cahle-stayed hridge, simi-
lar to hut much larger than the walk-
ing hridge over La l olla Scenic 
Dri ve. is funded hy federal research 
dollars awarded to UCSD's engi-
neering depanment. Phegley. aid the 
hridge. which is scheduled for COIll-
pletion in 2003. will make shuttle 
transponation from an east-or-I-5 
station to campus easy. 

Wahl said that though the 
niversi ty of Californ ia can help to 

lind funding not normally available 
for thi. type of project, the $200 
mi lli on to $300 million price tag on 
the tro lley expansion still makes 
the cost the most imponant consid-
eration in determining the station 
location. 

Phegley said UCSD is supponi ve 
of the eastern Mation because such a 
station lits into the uni versity's long-
range development plan and will 
potentially serve the campus well. 

"The university very much 
would like to see a tro lley station on 
campus." Pheg ley sa id, also noting 
that MTDB foots the hill for the rail 
line and makes the linal dec ision. 

Wahl said that choosing a sta-
tion location is also dependent 
upon potential ridership - how 
many people li ve and work within 
the area of the station site. He said 
MTDB proj ects that 10,000 to 
11.000 people will ride the trolley 
daily hetween the ruture Balboa 
Avenue station and UCSD. 

A puhlic meeting regarding the 
location of UCSD's trolley station 
will he held at 8:45 a.m .. May 6 at the 
San Diego MTDB downtown ollie 
1255 Imperia l Avenue. Suife 1000. 

GUARDIAN 
WALT DICKINSON 

f;,li/llr ill Olid 
JULIA KULLA-MADER. MEGAN SMITH 

Mllllllyi".q/:ili/llr.> 
TABITHA GRANSHAW • LAURA KNIGHTEN 

('i,py I':di/llr.> 
LEENA SHANKAR. ERIKA SNIDER 

Ni!u'S Haifars 
JESSICA SCHEPPMANN 

fi!tJ/ure.< "'·dilll( 
MARC COMER 
Opi"ir", f;di/II( 

WARD HAN 
tls.'i(}(';u/f! ()pinion Hcli/or 

JAKE GORDON. JOHN MAYNARO 
.'iN}rl ... hOC/i/ors 
TRAVIS HILL 

,LmK'iu/1! Spor/.> f;dilor 

LINDSAY SWORSKI 
Ifill /US t;di/or 

DAVID LEE 
Associu/e l fiu /us I:'di/llr 

USA HUFF 
Photo !:.·di/or 
JUUUS CHOI 

,LI.mciu/e Ph% /:'di/or 
JOHN BARBER 

Gruphic .• I':di/or 
NICK RUNCO 
Iksiy" t;di/or 

BRIAN WIKNER 
Web "-eli/or 

EOITORIAL ASSISTANTS Jesse Fisher. Vincent Gragnanl. Nllou Moscot! . Scott 5nlbata 
SEN 1011 STAfF WIllTERS 

JOhn Barber. Jeff Barker. BIU Burger. Gerle'Jleve eo • . TheOdOre Dokko. Vincent G,agnanl. Mary 
Higgins. Laura Knighten. Dave lubltz . AMaro Manthlram. Nlk>u Mostafl. Jenny NICholSon. 

Simone Santini. M ark Smith. Tommy Vu. ScOIt Yager 
STAfF WRrrERS _ 

JeMa Barclay. Shannon Castle. e,ent Don. 8eftrand Fan. Kan Fneornan. Brooke Garrettson. 
JeMlfer Grady. Jeremy Gray. Sula Kim. IVtOy MyrICk. Ctlnsttne Panpn. Jacob Schechter. Eve Senuty 

IUUSTAATOIIS 
Mike Behe. Krlstlfle CHang. AuslIn HSla. Ahce Lin. Joe Pan. Josephine Roberts. NICholas Runco 

DESIGNERS Karen Tran. Thomas weng 
COPY READERS Ahson Noms. Kev~ Byt'ne 

WEB DESIGNERS Sam Poyne·Tlngle/! . Mark StICkel 
COMPUTER SUPPORT DaVid Glicksman 

MtKE MARTINEZ 
"'tll 'ertisi".'1 :lrt IJirt!('/or 

ANN BARERELD 
/Ju.(illt!.u MUllcJ.qer 

YVETTE ALCALA 

BROCK HALTER 
Adl'l!r/iJillg MUlluger 

. bsi.'itu"l /Jusiness 1\ /WltJ,c/cr 
ADVERTISING ASSISTANT Melody Gonzales 

CIRCuunON ASSISTANTS 
Jason Allen . PhilliP Ciotdman. Jake IndlCh. Jacob MeyberC. Brady Phelps. Nate Smith 

ADVERTISING DESIGN. LAYOUT John Batber. Casey ButlenhU'(s. Katie Keenan. Sky F,ostenson 

The UCSD Guard/on IS publiShed Mondays and Thursdays durtng the academiC year by an<t for 
the students of UCSO Reproduction of thiS newspaper Ifl any fotnt whether In WhOle or In 
part . without permiSSion IS stncUy prohibited. C 1999. all fights reserved. The UCSO Guardian 
IS not responSible for the return of unsoliCited manuscflpts or art. The ViewS expresseCl herein 
flO not necessartly represent the opinions of The UCSD Guardian. tne university of California or 
the ASSOCiated SlUdents. The UCSD GU()Id/WI IS funded solel¥ by advertiSing. 

~Cant Tesh ThiS· would 50 have been a helluva K)t better So there (By popular OOIO.on .) 

News/ Fealures . 5345226. General Edltonal ' 534 ·6581 
Oplnion/ SPOrlS : 5346582. Hiatus: 5346583 
AdvertiSing Ollo<:e: 534 3466. Fa.: 5347691 

e mOil : guardlan@ucsd.edu 
Guard,an Online ' h/lp://www.uCSd.edu/ guard.an/ 

UCSD Guardian, 9500 Gilman DrIve 0316, 
La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 

Actual location: Second Floor. UCSO Sludenl Center BUlld,ng ''''. Rm . 217 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, April 19, 1999 

ETCETERA ••• 
OfafearHeR BY JOHN BaRBeR 

BRIEFLY ••• 

UCSD Hosts Symposium on Black West 
Herb Jeffries, the first and only black singing cow-

boy to ever appear on the silver screen during the hey-
day of the singing cowboy movies will take the stage 
once again, this time as keynote speaker of a sympo-
sium entitled "The Black West: Reinventing History, 
Reinterpreting Media." He will be giving a speech 
titled, "The Black Western, A Performers Perspective" 
this Thursday at 2 p.m. in Galleries A and B of the 
Price Center. 

The symposium, which will take place this 
Thursday and Friday, consists of four sessions entitled 
Black Settlements in California History, Media Images 
of the Black West, African and Diaspora Images and 
the Western and African-Americans and American 
Indians. 

Complementing the symposium will be the Black 
Western Film Festival. Films of the West featuring 
black cast members or an all black cast will be 
screened from 9:30 a.m. to 5 p.m. each day of the 
symposium in the Davis/Riverside Room of the Price 
Center. More than 20 films will be shown, including 
Jeffries ' "The Bronze Buckaroo: "Silverado" with 
Danny Glover, "Posse" with Mario Van Peebles, "Buck 
and the Preacher" with Sidney Poitier and Harry 
Belafonte and "Unforgiven" with Morgan Freeman. 

The symposium will also have a youth forum which 
will include 10 winners of an essay contest on the set-
tlement of the Black West and its media heroes. The 
essay contest winners will attend lectures on black 
history and the media, a screening of black westerns, 
an awards banquet and go on a tour of the UCSD cam-
pus. 

The symposium is sponsored by the African and 
African-American Studies Research Project (AAASRP) 
at UCSD. For more information, call 534-4790. 

Nobel Peace Prize Nominee 
Caldlcott to Speak at UCSD 

Nobel peace prize nominee Helen Caldicott will 
speak at UCSD this Wednesday. The free lecture, part 
of the Visions and Voices series, will be held in the 
Price Center Theater at 7 p.m. 

Caldicott, who is co-founder of Physicians for 
Social Responsibility and founder of Women's Action 
for Nuclear disarmament. is an author and lecturer 

ERRATA ••• 

who focuses on environmental and nuclear issues. 
Through her books and lectures, Caldicott wams peo-

ple that the degradation of the earth caused by uncon-
trolled consumerism is as damaging as nuclear war. 

For more information, call 822-0510. 

Cross Cultura. Center and Five 
CoIle.e. Offer Museum of 
Tolerance Trip 

The Cross Cultural Center and the five colleges 
are co-sponsoring a trip to the Museum of Tolerance 
in los Angeles on Sunday, April 25. Students can 
sign up at all the college deans' offices before 
Tuesday, April 20. 

The Museum of Tolerance is a high-tech, hands-on 
experiential museum that focuses on the dynamics of 
racism and prejudice in America and the history of the 
Holocaust. 

The cost is $5.50, which includes transportation 
and admission to the museum. A bus will depart from 
the Sun God statue at 8 a.m. and return at 6 p.m .. 

For more information about the Museum of 
Tolerance, go to http://www.wiesenthal.com/ motj. 

Career Service. Now AcceptI ... 
SlgtHlps for On-Campu. 
Interview. 

The Career Services Center is now accepting sign-
ups for orH:ampus interviews. 

Seniors or graduate students graduating by June 
1999 who are registered on-line with the Career 
Services Center are eligible to participate in the on-
campus interviews . 

The interviews, which take place between April 19 
and May 28, are conducted by employers who come 
to campus each quarter to interview candidates for 

ful~time career positions. While this is mainly an 
opportunity for technical students, jobs can also be 
found in sales, finance, biotechnology, consulting and 
other fields. 

To see which employers are scheduled and to sign 
up for interviews, go to www-csc.ucsd.edu/ csc/iston-
cam. hIm. 

• In the sports story ("Going Deep," April 15) the accompanying photograph was incorrectly credited. 
The photographer was Julius Choi. The Guardian regrets the error. 

Monday, April 19, 1999 The UCSD Guardian EWS 3 

TAKE BACK THE NIGHT 

Julius Chol/Guardian 
_ell: Participants of the first annual Take Back the Night rally walk past Peterson Hall, chanting by 
candlelight. They showed soUdarity in creating safe environment for women, especially during the night hours. 

457-3334 
RESPONSE: 
Malliarys gathers 
student signatures 
ContI ....... frOlll ..... 1 
didn ' t do it on their own. I think the 
administration really dropped the 
ball on this one." 

Leventhal said that while he 
respects students' rights to express 
their opinions. he is not sure that 
Malliarys' peti tion and resolution 
are appropriate. 

"Students have a right to feel 
that way," Leventhal said. " I ' m 
concerned that students might be 
signing a petition without hearing 
all (he details. It seems somewhat 
antagonistic. It sounds as if the uni-
versity didn 't try to get a speaker or 
a political speaker. That is not true." 

Malliarys sa id that he was 
angry last Monday after learning 
or the canccllation of the ali-cam-
pus commencement. He said that 
late that night he typed out a peti -
tion and decided to start gathering 
signat.ures to protest the cancella-
tion. 

Malliary said that all students 
deserve an all-campus commence-
ment. 

" It 's very unprofessional of the 

administration to do this in my Malliarys said that while he 
opinion," Malliarys said. "We've under tands the ract that there was 
worked very hard. It 's an honor that a rormal proces for selecting a 
should be given to the graduating peaker, he thinks that the uni versi-
seniors. " ty should not have given up the 

Malliarys said that although earch for a suitable speaker since 
most people were there are 0 many 
at lirst reluctant to MI don't care If possible choices . 
sign a petiti on, " I want ome-
most people sign it It's a UCSD body," Malliarys 
enthu ia sti cally professor. There said. " I don ' t care 
once they find out i f it 's a UCSD pro-
that this year 's cer- are a lot of well- fessor. There are a 
emony has been known people lot of well-known 
canceled. people and 

"They get very, and r.spectable respectable indi -
very angry and Individuals who viduals who are 
they all want to are capable of capable of being 
sign i I," Malliarys co mm enceme nt 
said. " People ask being speakers." 
for petitions to take commencement M alliarys said 
with them and he plans to deli ver 
have other people speak.rs." his signatures to 
sign." - Mike Malllarys either Dynes or 

Malliarys added Revelle senior Vi ce Chancellor of 
that compared to External Affairs 
the hundreds of students who have l ames Langley earl y thi week. 
igned his petition, only a rew have 

refused to sign it. 
" I' ve personally talked to about 

fi ve or six people that have dis-
agreed with my views," Malliarys 
said. " For the most part students 
have been for it." 

Leventhal 's leg islati on and 
Malliarys ' resolution wi ll both be 
debated in a joint internal and 
finance committee mecting thi s 
Wedne day afternoon and at the 
A.S. Counci l meeting Wcdnesday 
at 5 p.m . 

8843 Villa La Jolla 
La Jolla 

SavonlWhol. Foods MIrt. 

Event Marketing Manager 
Pro Performance Marke tin g is in search of an 
outgoing, enthusiastic, reliable, goal oriented . tudent 
marketing manager to promote a university sponsored 
program throughout the fall 1999 semester. 

Responsibilities include: 
• Event Coordination 

Staff Management & Moti vation 
• Operations Management 
• .Quality Control 

Program Benefit s include excellent pay, incenti ve 
program, all ex pe nse paid training confere nce in 
August and valuable expe rience gained in e vent 
marketin g . Freshmen, so pho mores, juniors and 
student organi zation leaders encouraged to apply. 

On campus interviews on 4/26 / 99. 

For more info call Kristin at 800-377- 1924, ext. 208. 

design! ... in a bigger space than this. 534-6581. ask for nick. 

TRAVELER'S DEPOT 
• Discount Travel Packs 
.Travel Books, Maps 
• All your Eurall Supplies I 
• Locks, Cable Locks, 

Sleep Sheet, Pack Towel 
Teva Sport sandals 
RBln Gear and 
all Accessories 

We're in PB just up the 
street from Council Travel 

at 1655 Gamet 
483·1421 

OPEN 7 DAYS A WEEK 
M·F l 

UCSD 

GUARDIAN 
MONDAYS Be 
THURSDAYS 

PICK UP/DROP OFF AN APPLICATION AT: 
Student Informatlon-(EDNA) @ the Price Center 
Student Center Services @ the Student Center 
UCAB Office @ the Price Center, Room 2.325 

REMEMBER . ALL CURRENTTENANTS MUST RE-APPLV 



4 OPINION The UCSD Guardian Monday; April 19. 1999 

OPINION 

DIVI 
The five-college system 
promotes disunity, dampens 
school spirit and creates an 
expensive bureaucracy 
By Nilou Mostofi and Marc Comer 
Senior Staff Writers 

Aftcr visiti ng UCLA or U Davis or Cal. return-
ing to the medicinal atmospherc or UCS D is 
extn:mely difficult . At ot her universities one feels a 
sense or unit y. a w llege lire that is lacking at our own 
University or Calil()rnia. It is common knowledge 
that some. ir not most. UCSD student~ leel a sense of 
emptiness hen:. A certai n something is missing when 
wc race down Library Walk to make it to our next 
dasses. Our ~pirit i~ somehow dampened. 

Most people believe that the lack of strong. tradi-
tional sports teams i~ the problem behind UCSD's 
disjointeune,s. Without a gathering force like flx)t -
ball games. studenh do not have a place where they 
can go to meet people and cheerc;ll:h othcron. Some 
students fcclthat the serious academic and competi-
tive fog engulling UCSD breeds disunity and 
unrriendliness. Still. others ~ee the brief and tn:m:h-
erous 4u;lrter system as the cause or inhospitable 
socialil.ing conditions. Howevcr. the real reason our 
campus is so diswnnected is preci sely because our 
campus is so disconnectcd. UCS D is not one com-
munity. hut a segmented campus consisting or li ve 
separate parts. Five college~ : no community. 

Wc do not fee l a sen,e or camaraderic because 
tbere is none. With the campus split up jnto li ve indi-
vidual microcosms. it's no wonder that people do not 
associate with each othcr. or course. with every 
rorm or separ:ltism. there is an ahundance of snob-
bery and notions of grandeur. Students brag that their 
co llcgc ofiers the best courses or has the fewest GEs. 
or that thl! ir college produces the best students. or 
that thei r college is. wel l. the best. It , hould not be a 
mailer or which collcge is beller than the other. but 
that all the studcnts. working together. create one 
excellcnt uni ver~i t y. Supporting a truc collcge 
atmosphere begins wi th ~upporti ng one another. 

At hletic and ret:reational events at UCSD 
dcvelop into divisi ve competition, instead of 
bonding moment~. thanks to the li ve-college sys-
tem. At Spirit Night. students rrom the live col-
leges haUled eac h other 10 wi n a meaningles~ title. 
Stude nt ~ rrom losi ng colleges resent the winning 
college. which i, u,ually Muir. 

Similarl y. at Ihc Unolympics. an athlctic- and 
, pirit-oriented competition between the live wllege,. 
Muir won thc "Gokkn Shoc" thi, year. Re vel le took 

h~t placc. Perhap' out of rc,,:ntmcnl or Muir ' ~ ath-
ktici"ll and higlHpiritcd ~tudent ,. coupled with 
Muir \ 'eeillingly lax GE~. 'Iudent~ rrom other ml-
kgc, ca ll luir ~tudcnt~ "Muiron,." U~ing thl' ,amc 
logic. Revellc ,tudent~ an;. a~~ocia t ed with the word 
"nerd," becau,e they tend to get last place at spirit 
ewnts. arc known to ~tudy more than students from 
other w lleges and mu~t compiete a large amount of 

GE~. This pilling or one collegc against another not 
only dilllini~hes" CSD" ~pirit and pride. hu t hin-
ders any feeling or comlllunity among ~tudent, . 

CSD simply has UX) many ~uhdivi~ions . From 
the begi nning or freshman year. students from the 
live wllege~ arc thrown together because of their 
own w i lege re4uirement courses with other stu-

See DIVIDED, Page 6 

Five individual colleges gives students the comfort and atmosphere of a 
small college with the resources and opportunities ofa large university 
By Kirsten Yergensen 
Staff Writer 

For many, thl! thought of attending a 
univers ity comprised of 15,000 students 
is absolutely intimidating. Yet for othl!rs. 
visions of li ving among the same 15.0()() 
people for four years is unbearably st;' 
ning. In an effort to cater to the needs of 
a dive r~e number of students, UCS D has 
developed a system that provides the 
excellent communal atmosphere of a 
small college. while dwelling within a 
hotbed of a large-scale research universi -
ty. 

UCS D's li ve-college system allows 
students to have choices concerning the 
ki nd of educat ion and atmosphere they 
desire. It ctTcctilLCly tits the needs of 
such a largc , tudent body by providing 
hoth ~ma ll - schoo l communiti es and 

large-~chool opportunit ies. In addition, 
UCSD', five-college ~ystem provides 
specific VISIOns ror student s and 
researchers to direct their elTOrls. 
Because of thi s systcm. more opportuni -
tics arc made avai lahle and .. w e goals 
are acwmphshed. 

From this combination of large- and 
small -schoo l advant ages emerges an 
array of choice~ for the UCSD student. 
Independent learners can be a part or the 
larger UCS D. wi th thei r college just 
being a check in a box on their tran-
~ai pt s. while those who thrive on per-
soml l attention can have lunch with tbeir 

provost once a month if they want. 
Students have the comfort of belonging 

to a small college with a speci lil: vision. 
but they arc a part of a larger university 
comll1unity that ranks among the top in (he 
world. The li ve-COllege system offers 
options that both small and large colleges 
do not. For this reason, attending UCSD 
entails n:ceiving the best of both worlds. 

The lirst benclit of the college system 
is the advantage of being oriented within a 
small collegc. Students reap the benefits 
of having their provost greet them when 
they move in. having the option of partic-
ipating in college politics and activities on 
a small scale and being able to know peo-
ple at the administrative level by their lirst 
name. 

The colleges form a uniform com-
monality among their constituents. For 
many who would otherwise not have 
anything in common. the colleges offer 
similar curri culum, housing arrange-
Inents and eating facilities. These fea-
tureS push students into forming relation-
ships with one another. 

Warren College Provost David Jordan 
says these w mmonalities help facilitate 
"an intellectual interchange with other 
students," which forms communities that 
are the basis for the college experience. 

At each college. students can ellist 
within the enclave of communities that 
arc commilted to particular visions. In 
choo~ing a college. students can pick a 

system of general education that best tits 
their needs. Thurgood Marshall Provqst 
Cecil Lytle said that the different general 
education requirements allow students to 
choose different ways in which to diver-
sify their tields of study and provide 
maximum opportunities to develop their 
own interests and abilities. 

But after all this, students will realize 
one of the reasons they ebose to attend 
UCSD. While these perks of the smail-col-
lege system can be helpful. to some tbey 
can also be limiting. Therefore. another 
benelit of UCSD's system is that students 
can operate on a more global, university 
scale if they so choose. Outside the five-
college system, the larger spectrum of 
UCSD offers clubs. sororities, fraternities, 
politics, intramural sports and facilities 
that incorporate all tive colleges. The sys-
tem is not segregated only into little clubs. 
rather, it offers options for students. 

This option of being involved on a 
larger scale is also facilitated hy the inte-
gration of all students in the same class-
es. While a few general education class-
es remain separated along the lines of 
college, all other classes include students 
from all five colleges. 

Altending UCSD also means being a 
part of a major research university, which 
entails more opportunities for students. as 
well as simply being a part, even if by 
association. of research that is changing 

See UNITED, Page 6 

Monday. April 19. 1999 The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

JORDAN LOSES SIGHT OF RESPONSIBILITIES 
Editor: 

In light of the signilicance of 
commencement to graduating 
eniors, perhaps ihe admilledly 

ambivalent David Jordan, provost 
of Warren College, made a terrihly 
unwise decision to accept an invita-
tion to take part in the commence-
ment speaker comminet!. 

He mentions fiscal responsibil-
ity and limited access as reasons 
for his ambivalence over, "big, 
fancy speakers" during com-
mencement ("All-Campus 
Graduation Canceled," April 12). 
Here's the nicest way I can put 
this: ·Perhaps he 's lost sight of 
who graduation ceremonies are 
there to service. I always thought 
they were for seniors and their 
families . It certainly does not 
exclude all students from hearing 
a big. fancy speaker. all they have 
to do is go to class for four years, 
work hard, satisfy ul)iversi ty 
requirements and earn -their 
degree. Then they too have earned 
the right to hear a big. fancy 
speaker. It may not be the one I 
would have heard. but they hear 

STUDENT 
DISCOUNT 
~W~ 
ANY PURCHASE w!UC8D ID 

7770 Regents Road #114 
in the Vons Center (619) 450,0709 

London .....••.... .$546 
Parls •.••••••••••.• $692 
Fra.ldurt ••••.... $715 
Amst.rdam ..... $660 
Madrld ••••.••••••. .$759 

All _ ore rouncI<TIt>. Tax not 1nducIIcI. 
some ",strictions oppIy. CST 1l017!54!O«l 

270-1750 
4475 .................. ' 

UN DlIIIO 

ST/j 
STA TRAVEL 
WE'VE .......... 

www.statravel.com 

from one nonetheless. 
As fi scal responsibility goes. 

certa:nly concur with the statement 
that speakers are expensive, hut 
where would Jordan have us spend 
the money '! I enjoy a good comedi-
an like anyone else. but I'm sure 
the recent visit of Carrot Top was 
not cheap, or maybe he should 
speak at graduation, he's clearly in 
our price range. 

Let me, a graduating senior, 
provide Jordan with a taste of real-
ity. So what if the commencement 
speaker commillee hinders the 
process of pUlling together the cer-
emony, or that it is difficult to act 
quickly. Un less the commillee 
caused irreparable damage to the 
process, which I certainly didn ' t 
hear in the article, perhaps it 's time 
he stopped shirking responsibility, 
accept the failure of the commillee 
and apologize to the graduating 
class of 1999 who wi II miss the 
opportunity to hear from a speaker 
at an all-campus event on the day 
of its graduation. 

Jordan is certainly not the sole 
reason for the commillee's failure. 

/ 

Letters t~g Editor 
The Guardian welcomes letters from 
its readers . All letters must be no 
longer than three pages, typed, dou-
ble-spaced and signed. Letters must 
also contain a phone number. We 
reserve the right to edit for length 
and clarity. Letters may be dropped 
off at the Guardian office on the 
second floor of the Old Student 
Center. Send all letters to: 

The UCSD Guardian 
Opinion Editor 

9500 Gilman Dr. 0316 
La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 

Fax: (619) 534·7691 
e·mail: guardian@ucsd.edu 

hut his seemingly not -well -
thought-out comments deserve 
more than the criticism I have room 
to write here. 

Barry Taylor 

Donors Should Know 
Where Money Goes 
Editor: 

Recently a group of well-inten-
tioned students organized a tahk 
on Lihrary Walk to help raise 
money for Kosovar refu gees. 
Throughout the selling of h;lgels. 
juice and like, the students who 
were fund-raising failed In mention 
who exactly would he receiving the 
money. 

When stating " Kosovo 
Refugees," many assume ethnic 
Alhanians and others forcihly dis-
placed. But . the majority of the 
money raised will not he going to 
the Kosovars - ethnic Alhanians. 
Instead, Serhs will also he receiv -
ing the funds . This is not to imply 
that there are no Serh victims. but 
misrepresenting the goal of the 
fund-rai sing effort is what is 
objectionable. The campus failed 
to realize that the money would be 
divided between Albanians and 
Serbians as well. 

Only when asked about the 
destination .01' the donations. a 

I\:w members of thi s group 
informed us that the money was 
not int ended for Kosovar 
refugees alone. Apparently. these 
e- mail s and signs composed by 
the group we re miskading 
hecause neither one mentioned 
sudl a distinction . As a means for 
awareness and prevention. it is 
imperative that student s. fawlt y 
and staff take responsihility to 
ensure the legitimacy of the relic!' 
organization and fair delivery of 
this aid to actual victims. 

The word "rcl'ugee" represents 
people taking sanctuary 

(refuge) in another land hecause 
they have been fon:ibly displaced 
(cleansed) out of their original 
home. And in this case it is clear 
that only the ethnic Alhanians 
have been tur.ned into refugees by 
the atrocities of the Serbs. 
Students who an: thinking abuut 
donating money have the right to 
clearly understand where their 
money is going and then decide 
for themselves. 

Selma MulH: 
Nazanin Wabid 

,.il 28!t 1,999 
2';3PM in -the tJ'iI~iI 

LIVE WING MUSIC BY: 
BIG TIME OPERATOR 

& Dancers from the UCSD BALLROOM DANCE TEAM 

FREE CAKE • PUNCH • 
MUGS • end MORE I 

eel_retlns 15 v ..... of S.rvlce 

ENTER THE RAFFLE AND WIN: 
• ROUND TRIP TICKET TO EUROPE 

ON VIRGIN AIRLINES 

• A RALEIGH C-30 BIKE FROM THE 
UCSD BIKE SHOP 

• MOVIE PASSES 
• KARAOKE PIZZA PARTY 

@ ROUND TABLE PIZZA 
& MORE III 



6 OPINIO 

DIVIDED: 
Having five colleges 
distances students 
Continued from ..... 4 
dents from the same college. Only 
when students reach upper di vision 
status do they have the opportunity 
to meet new people. At that point. 
however, it is already too late. Init ial 
bonds have already been made and 
friendships have already hcen built. 

"The colleges don't rea lly pro-
vide anything but GE programs. 
which all of the colleges can provide 
collecti vely. It would make more 
sense to just combine them into one 
and unify the uni versity more." ~aid 
Victoria Banlen, a Marshall junior. 

Our campus is so spread out as 
it is. and th is system only perpetu-
ates the problem by making it seem 
as if there are live different cam-
puses within a close vic inity. 

Being comprised of fi ve colleges, 
UCSD not only distances the student 
body, but it creates a costly bureau-
cratic network of crisscrossing wires 
that discourages even tbe most ambi-
tious students. Simple tasks, such as 
changing majors or addi ng a 199 
course. involve 18 phone calls, 27 
signatures and no less than three 
trips to the various. corresponding 
departments to complete. 

In addi tion, the cost of running a 
li ve-co llege system is exorbitant. 
Marshall College alone has its own 
provost. dean, assistant dean, resident 
dean, assistant resident de.tn. academ-
ic advisors, directors. receptionists. 
secretaries and other 'upporting staff. 
Multiply that by live. add the all-cam-
pus staff and you've got about twice 
as Illany administraters as needed. All 

of these divisions add up to a costly, 
convoluted bureaucrdcy. 

"While the college system has its 
benefi ts," said A.S. President Joe 
Leventhal, "I believe that our current 
structure should be modified to ave 
costs for students. Running five 
completely independent colleges 
proves to be extremely expensive, 
and it could save students money if 
some resources were consolidated." 

ow, UCS D is not planning an 
all-campus commencement for the 
graduating class of 1999, which will 
further isolate students from differ-
ent colleges. The excuse is that we 
could not attract anyone comparable 
enough to the past two year's speak-
ers. TIle ceremony was called off 
because we could not attract a big 
name. Who cares? The only people 
who wi II be punished for the admin-
istration's snobbery arc the students. 
The outcome of this decision will 
further separate the student body. 

"So what if we can' t get another 
Clinton or ewt," said graduating 
senior Gabriela Santis. "Anybody 
wi ll do if the purpose is to unite the 
graduating students in their cele-
bration. Students are completely 
disillusioned with the message the 
university is sending out." 

One solution to th~ problem of 
disunity would be to convert UCSD 
to a one-college university. We could 
lump all live colleges together into 
one campus where students· could 
bave a better chance of interacting 
with one anotber. Instead of being 
concemed witll co llege requirements 
or college activities. students could 
spend more time focusing on their 
ro le in the uni versity. 

Send ('(I /Ilment,\' and Leiters to 
'he Editor to guardian @ucsd.edu 

The OCSD Guardian 

UNITED: 
Small colleges give 
individual attention 
ContInued from ..... 4 
the face of the world. 

Some student say one of the 
perks of anending UCSD is that 
they have the option of being part 
of a smaller, 3,OOO-member insti -
tution. but wben they get tired of 
seeing the same faces over and 
over again, there are four more 
colleges full of new people. 

The primary benefits of 
belonging to a small college are in 
this membership of sorts to a sys-
tcm that has li ve sets of adminis-
tration whose goal it is to serve its 
students. For example, if an opin-
ion writer is to send out a few e-
mails one day, the next day shc 
could walk into her provost's 
orrice for an on-the-spot inter-
view, and then later that day she 
could receive a personal phone 
call from another college provost. 
The kind of per. onal anent ion that 
is made possible by UCSD's tive-
college system allows for a more 
effective system for students to 
shape and choose the path thei r 
education is to take in the future. 

While some may say that the 
college system makes students too 
segregated, the truth is that because 
of integrated classes, clubs, sports 
and activi ties, students will only be 
segregated if tbey never leave their 
donn rooms. Although. lirst- and 
second-year students tend to be 
somewhat segregated because of 
classes and living arrangements, in 
the later years, college lines tend to 
dissolve because the features that 

Kaplan students 
get into Law School. 

Case Closed. 
9 out of 10 Kaplan LSAT students go 
to one of their top 3 school choices. 

- 1997 Bruskin-Goldring Research Study of students at the top 25 law schools. 

Call today to enroll! 

KAPLAN 
1·800·KAp·TEST 

www.kaplan.com. 

11Ie kind of personal 
attention that Is 
made possible by 
UCSD's flve-college 
system allows for • 
more effective 
system for students 
to .... ,..nd 
choose the path 
their education Is to 
take In the future. 
physically separated students no 
longer apply. 

However, living in college 
enclaves during the first and 
sometimes second year of college 
is more helpful than inhibiting 
because it creates a more personal . 
community of people who all have 
something in eommon. It creates a 
less intimidating environment, yet 
still leaves students with the 
option of expanding their social 
activities to 12,000 other people if 
tbey so desi reo 

In looking at the big picture, it 
is obvious that the benefits of 
small-college opportunities great-
ly outweigh any separation anxi-

'ety one might have for living in a 
vicinity different than his or her 
c.tlculus group members. 
Regardless of how independent a 
learner one is, small-college com-
munities benefit the learning 
experience in several ways. First, 
allocating specific academic 
advising programs, deans and 
provosts for each college gives 
each student 's education a higher 
priority in a system of 3,000 stu-

Monday, April 19, 1999 

dents, rather than being a random 
file in a system of 15,000 students. 

Second, students have the 
choice of picking a general-educa-
tion trac.k that best fits their needs. 
Without the college system, 
Warren COUld. never have fewer 
writing requirements for people 
who would rather spend their time 
in a science course and Marshall 
eould never impose stricter 
requirements for those who . want 
to be multiculturally educated. As 
Provost Jordan says, the colleges 
allow students to be part of a "dis-
tinctive package that could not 
exist if there were not other 
options to choose from." 

The college system also allows 
for speci fic visions that ,!,ould 
never exist otherwise. Because the 
colleges have their own missions 
and distinctive theories of higher 
education, they are more able to 
facilitate change in particular 
directions according to their goals. 
We would not have such a inlluen-
tial and promising environmental 
studies major if it were not for the 
efforts of John Muir College, and 
without the goals and directives of 
Thurgood Marshall College, there 
would be no plan to develop the 
Preuss School - a model school 
that will reach down into the edu-
cation system to facilitate change. 

Just as Marshall Provost Lytle 
said, it is because of the missions 
of each college that change can be 
pursued in spec ific directions. 
These missions "provide vision-
ary instruments that look over the 
horizon" in leadership, research 
and edueation. 

Send comment.1 and Leiter.! to 
the Editor to guardian@ucsd.edu 

EATING DISORDER 
Day Treatment Program 

This unique, comprehensive program 
offers a multidi scipl inary tcam 

that includes a psychologi t, physician, 
psychi atri st, dietician. activity therapi t, 

movement and art therapist, marriage 
and family therapi t, certilied fitness 

trai ner and a yoga speciali st. 

We are able to accomodate treatment to 
suit your school needs. 

For information , enrollment and seminar schedule, 
contact Program Founder Dr: Divya Kakaiya 

~aII4f 4510 Executive Drive, #102 
~ S," D;ego, CA 92121 

~iil~ ~~1~;~::~?:21 

Verslty.com Inc. (www.versity.com) . is an Internet startup company 
offering free class lecture notes, local content, contests and other cool 
services to college students - all for free! Get excited - we're coming to 
your school this fall! 

We are hiring an entrepreneurial 
undergrad to manage our on-line 

notetaki ng service locally. 
If you're highly motivated, business-oriented, and want to get involved 
with something big, you'd be perfect for this opportunity! Compensation 
is excellent, please apply for details! Positions are filling up quickly, 
apply ·today! 

Email: jobs@versity.conl 
Fax: 734.483 .8460 
Phone: 734.483.1600 x888 

Monday, April 19, 1999 

FESTIVAL: 
Seventeen bands 
entered competition 
ContInued ........... 1 
genre. Wun said that thi s is the first 
year that a hip-hop group entered 
the competition, indicaling the 
diverse tastes of the UCSD student 
body. 

"In the past, students have com-
plained that only ska and punk 
groups were in the festival lineup," 
Wun said. "I think we have a more 
diverse selection of music this year, 
which should appeal to more stu-
dents." 

The Sun God committee judged 
the bands based on crowd response, 
the energy of the music and anistic 

ability. 
Pimp Symphony has been in 

existence for IWO years. The group 
has been playing in clubs through-
oul Southern California, including 
clubs in Pacific Beach, downtown 
San Diego. Palm Springs and 
Hollywood. Pimp Symphony have 
appeared at the Whisky-a-Go-Go, 
Canes and the Belly-Up Tavern in 
Solana Beach. Last year the 
ska/swing group opened for Buck-
O-Nine in the Price Center. 

The UCSD sludents who are 
members of the band are Revelle 
senior Alex Plishner, the drummer, 
and Marshall junior Mike Dechter, 
the bassist. The band also includes 
guitarist Billy Raphael, trombone 
player Eddie Kisfaludy, guitarist 
Josh Raphael and trombone player 

The UCSD Guardian 

"We have never had 
such. big turnout. 
We w.nt to m.ke 
this • tradition In 
the PrIce Center. So 
many bands .pplled 
for the competition, 
even people from 
the public w.nted to 
play." 

-Aetna Wun 
Member of A.S. Programming 

Office 

Art Hernandez. The band plays for 
the public approximately three 
times a month. 

Raphael. a 1996 UCSD gradu-
ate, was a part of the wntest clean-
up crew six years ago: it bas been a 
goa l of his to play and he victorious 
in the B:ltlle of the Bands ever 
since. 

The Sun God Festi va l wi ll 
begin on Thursday. May 13 with a 
li ve performance of Muir TV's 
"Thl.! Gkih Sbow" in Price Cl.!nter. 
The followi ng day thl.! Ii:sti vi ti l.!s 
will bl.!gi n at 10 a.lll . Booths. 
mflatahle ga mes and Sun God 
merchandi se will he set up 
throughout the campus. Daytime 
entertainment will include perfor-
mances by the UCSD chl.!er, dance 
and nag teams. The UCSD pcp 
band and hallroom dance team will 
also provide entertainment as will 
thl.! runner-up in the Balik of the 

NEWS 7 

Bands. F.O.N. 
Wun said that this Yl.!ar·s Sun 

God Festi val will he an improve-
ment com pared to last years' . 
There wi ll he more festival mer-
chandise - antenna balls. lanyard 
key chains. shot glasses and thrl.!c 
T-shin designs. all with the sci-Ii 
animated Sun God logo. New full -
color. glossy print programs will be 
distributed about th.: campus. am! 
will include maps and descriptions 
of the booths. along wi th informa-
tion ahout the bands. Wun said the 
Sun God committee was abk til 
expand the festi va l and the mCf-
chandise. along with a more profes-
sional program hecause of a larger 
hudget this year. 

The evening festivities will take 
place on RIMAC Fil.!ld. 

REGISTERED UNDERGRADS THINKING OF MOVING OFF·CAMPUS? 
"(OVER YOUR BOD" WITH 

SICKNESS AND 
ACCIDENT 

INSURANCE 

I .8 I 
ENIOLLING NOW 
Information and applications are available at 

Student Health Service • 0039 • 534·2123 

Thou shalt no 
longer covet. 

The PowerBook® G3 (that sleek, black object 
of your lust) is now more affordable than ever 

(see below). Which means you can stop 
dreaming of exponential improvements in your 

productivity. You can-stop dreaming of 
possessing all that Pentium-crushing power* 

(233,266 or 300MHz) and gorgeous 14.1" 
screen. Because you'll be holding the ultimate 

in your acquisitive little hands. 

$1,799 
PowerBook G3 233MHz 

14.1" TFf (Active Matrix) Screen (4Mb Video RAM), 
32Mb RAM, 2Gb Hard Drive, 20X CD-ROM, 

56K Modem, 10Base-T Ethernet 

Authorized 
Value Added R_ller 

UCSD Bookstore 
Computer·Center 

(619) 534-4291 

Here's a break for your parents-a chance for 
them to write off some of your college tuition! 

How, you ask? 

HAVE MOM & DAD BUY A 
TOBIN CONDO OR TOWNHOUSE! One of UCSo's 

finest is also a 
Realtor®! 

You can: • Rent the extra rooms to your friends .. . 
• Use the rent money to pay for the mortgage .. . 
• You live in the condo for FREE, and .. . 
• .. . your parent can write off the interest on the mortgage! 

DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY PAYING RENT! 
Here's a way to pay for housing that is also an investment! Call Tobin today at 

9988 Hilbert Street, Ste 100. San Diego. CA 92131 
Each oHice is independently owned and operaled 

(679)637-0609 (voice mail) 
(679)627-5279 (office) 
e-mail:Finestrealtor@hotmail.com 

Service provIded by: 
PACIFIC~::BELL 
Wireless 

LOWEST PRICE 
GUARANTEEDI" 

NOKIA 
('I ~' .'I l' 11;\( • I'UJI'IJ . 

.5190 

NOKIA 
( "1)"14 1, ,<, 1'1 111'11 

6190 
Price $299 

Instant Rebate -100 
2-Yr Credit -50 

CompCity Rebate ·49 

® M07OIIO&.A 
G520 

Price $149 
Inslant Rebate -100 

2-Yr Credil -50 
CompCily Rebate -49 

FREE + $50 BACK 

r----------
: Free Car Adapter 
I (~(. w/"'ny"'cll •• llon ~ om~t~ ___ ~ Expl~ 412-8189 
I I Free Leather Case 
I (~ w/"'ny"'cU •• llon ~ omp tty 0"0< Expl, •• 4118189 
I Free Vibrating Battery -;;r 
I Color Face Plate or Vibra 
II Clip or Lighted Antenna 

(~(. w/"'ny _ Acl1v8llon 
~omp ~Y ___ ~~xpl,"~~ 

PUn! Oil(iu.1 pcs· ~r;;;;;~ 
• WItIN ACTlVATID ON DIGITAL 100 011 HIGHER PlAN, WITH ", 2 YR CONTRACT, - { . ~<> 

AND MAINTAIN IIIMCE FOIl A __ CW'~. MENTION THIS",D 10 ·t,_ ....... ~;$"~ 
RECBVe INCIAL PRICES .•• COMPCITY WILL IlEAT ",NY ADVERTISED PRICE. Off.r.. Ir .. 41251!H1 - '" 

6755 Mire Mesa Blvd .A"" ,.., A _ ™ 
Ste 114 [r-I - .. ;'C--10w 
(LOQted 2 MIles Eeal of 805) 0 m Pit Y 
(619) 622-1900 ! ",if. _BIvd Located in ellgSqrrtnip 



1l ALENDAR The ucsb Guardian Monday, April 19, 1999 
APRIL 19 

1'EN- IIIJT! ~m \ I ~ ' ~m ! 
e;.U.ENDAR SIIBHISSIONS MIIS1' BE IN TOE GIJARDIAN OFFI(;E (THAT IS IJPS1'AIR.4i IN 1'OE STIJDENT CENTER AT HAIL (lHtE ZER(. TOREE 
ONE SIX, .'OR vetil NON-IIA(;KER.4i) NO UTER TOAN FIFTEEN HIJNDRED HOIJ"~ ON 1'OllRDAYI All I lUlliNG MYSELF CLEAR? APRIL 26 
Slit H ,'; SIB! A'I' .:ASE, 'rOEN. 

I~INI~ l'II'I'S 
T utldly, April 20 

' 8p m MandeYiIe Reefal Hal New lIulie: Fonrm:~efS nile UCSDgradualoroosrcprogram preserillerworlrs Free 
Fridly. April 23 

'8 P m MandeviIe AIJdoIorun Oporl: "T.nia" ~ by Idmi DaVIS'" IbeI10 by lAdlaei JoIvIlJOlousa. 6 an ~ra 
based on lhe kli\ajlpl1g 01 Pany Hearst FealuredvocallSls IlIiJdeAveryBrOOls. o,nhaAaronsorHlavrs, ~Larson, ~a 
caSioi et!1>CoIhers pirscharlileron:heSlra n an ustageriverSIOO d lhe ope1lI wt1IdI waspremoered"~ n 1992 and 
... be recorded at UCSO wmg Apri $IG'SB 

April 1H1oy26 
'411p m VtsuaIMsFaalyPer1ormar'CeSpace ....... ingSeriH:SfIring 19911 ConIerrclorarywnersandpoelsdnaliOOal 
aIIll1lemallJllal acclatn will read Irom !he. worI<s 

AC~AI)I~MIf~ SIUIVIf~ES 
-'y,Apnl2t 

' 311 P m, lnIemalonaiCeoierConierence Room l1IereSlednSllJ<tillgOOwnrnler" CorMIo"~AIIroodInlannation 
St .. iorIl .. Aul1l1ii1lftd .... Zealand. 

Ongoin9 
,Stlldy Abroad in 1991112OOO!!! The Programs Abroad OIIce oilers 0II!JlI1Q I<MsI1g lor sludeI1Is l'IIerested n .-,.1 
opponUJ1Cres VISII our oIIce ~Iilrary n!he ~lemaIIJllaICenler orcal534·n23 
, PI ..... , .. ,ht Study 01 Religion Undorplulll 0IgNt 1nIonMIion: The Pro!Jam lor !he study d AIIIr,;on wit hOIl open 
otIce hours lor prospecllVe stlllenls o/lo ",sh 10 leam more abcM fie 'ecerIIf revrsed rter1IIsqrINry map, cWlIe IIIIfOI anrI 
mI10I req .. ernenls n!he 'Siudy d ReIgIOO' Slop by PfO!13J11 Oke. HSS 5045. ~ 91.m. ~ nom., -.esdIy!hls 
quaner at YOO' convellle..,e For more nlo caU 1110 Siudy 01 Relogoon's OIIce al 534-8849 or visf !he web~e III'I1pJ/ 
orpheus UCS<1eci>1lostory/relogoon.I*nI 

HI~AL1'H "FITNESS 

IIEI .. IfJlOIJS 
SERVIf;ES 

Ongoing 
• HIVt • "" ... willi tiIII ... UJO every Fnday evermg at 6 
pm Your cI10Ce d 3 Shabbal servr:es Relorm. ConservaIM, or 
Orthodox CaI5J4.2521 lor more n1oonallOll 
, UrIiwnly LuIIwII CIIurdIlWtes you 10 cu weekly worsIl4l serw:e 
on SUIIdIy at 10 15110 andkee studerl supper ~bIlIe stW; evtry 
Wed. 116 p.m 9595 La JoIa SIlores Dr (just 011 C3If1MlS) 453-0561 

SERVICES & 
WORKSHOI'S 

Monday, April 11 
, 11 am · 1 p m Ca,eer Services Cenler. On·C._. Pracllet 
........ irlglor~. 'Mletleryoo',erllervie""9I01apa~· 
line ~OI a career posjlJll. jOUIjOb r'4erviewcooklmake 01 brNkan 

~'s decIs«ln 10 hie you See yoursel answemg lI1Ierview 
quesIIOn5 on vQeo. ~ yotJI deMry, fluikj confidence ~ 111m 
Iromohl<s .. fie group. $q114l" aMnce.lIIIiIed space. 530750 
• 2:ll p.m Career Serw:es CeRer. GrIdIr* SIudr irlAni I CaIIInI 
SIIIdiIa. F aculy and pluate sltdenIs wi diIcuss !1acliale s1IItt n 
fIese fields ~ how 10 prepn lor 1he appIi:aIion process FIIIImg 
ProIeuor P .... SrntI d PoI1lcaI Science and ProIessor GeoogI ~ 
d Etnc SlIdes. 53404939. 

FridIy, ,,23 
Ongoing '211p.m. CareerSerw:esCenler .................. ... 

, STUDENT I£Al.TH G hero lor YOU! We ro a lui SI!fVU me open 10 All registered sIIIIenIs. You rbI, need heaIIl1$UI3OCe 10 ...... SdIaaI. Winlio ~ a Master's ~ .. BusiIess 
10 use our Serw:es'AppofIImenIsIorJt1ysoanVlSIsandspeaalydi'lcs' calS34-D9 WaII·illoUrgenlCareweelrdtysftam. Amnilillra1ion? Tlmrbl, moss I1is ~ sessron! Leam aIio* 
4 ~ (Wed 9-4 ~) acIdemic preparaliln, m ellplrience, choosilg sdlOOIs ~ fie 
'lien'. HIIIIIInIoSluion. available lrom S1udenl HealhMiocales. LeamabcM your sexual heaII, STD's, bo1h oonIroI. and __ ion process Iorbusi'less sdloot. 53404939. 
general healh. Wa. n seSSIOO al SludenI Healh on Fndays al 11a.m . 01 cal 822·1345 lor RMilallIJIIOi*nenIs. ApriIlt-111y21 
• Enwgtncy~. amral exams. STD lesIS ,J'1!!Jl3I1CY lests. brtI oonIroI~, & hea118IlIcabOn • aI II • ~ 1oIIniIIn .... c.w SInicII c... HtnhdI 
Women's CIi1c. Sludenl Heath Cal 534-D9101 appI CGfIIIIIIIIIY cooIidIIIIIII - always' d map ~ wi corW:t i1Ierviews lor c.. podionl. TINS 
, ArInorI,....IIY 1eItirlg al 51udenl Healh' wa. n 10 S9' I4l al!he Heall Amer, Iisl lin 510 d1arge I'ICkIdes pre-~ and dIIes VIIY AI i1Ierviews held at !he Career SeNices CenIer, 2nd 
post. counselrlg. OoesllOllS' Cal. Ileall eWcaIor al534·2419 m. Tosee 1IhidI~ ... 5dledrAedandlol9' I4l.!Jllo-· 

cscucsd ~'*"- Don1 niss.l4l dudIi'IeI. ~ 
' Need CONOOIIS???? Get 'ern cheap at lie SIudenI HeaI1 Pharmacy 10 sen'lrund!JUoalestrdents ~byJ\.ne 1999 534-44n. 
, Frte CIIoItIIIroI TtIIirIg al SIudenI Heall · SI!1' 14l.' lie Irsllilor bUlBI" board lor your ~ A seI-1eS1Nt "es 0ntairI9 
tnt a lew lIWlUIesd your lme' S51ee 'VIIiI ... UCSOCllwSlnicelc:..ori'Ie"_-ac.deOl 
• FREE NutriIiorI CounMIiftg at SludenI He.It!' Your ~ 11CIudes. ~enzed. personal auessmenI .... your 10 Ii1d IlIA abOIA~,~, grad sdlooI i'IIo. career ~ions and 
appo"tmenllodaY' Cal 534-0089 rrwot oller valuable rt$OIICBS. • 
'Stoclerll HoeIIII Ghere lor YOU' Werea 1'* servr:e cttopen IOALLr~sIudenIS. Yourbl'needhelllllSUlWlelO 'IIEEDAJOI? .la:essl1OUsandsol~lisIlYJSpostedonIleCareer 
use our serw:es' Appo.lImenlS lor physoan VlSIS ~ speaaly cncs . cal534-D9 Wall" 10 Urgerl Cire weeIrdtys Ilarr. SerWes Cenler's ImIe page at WWW<IC.lICId.IdII. Sumner itS, 
4 ~ (Wed 9~ ~) par,.,me jobs, career podions Mod iUemsh\1S FOI more Wonnation 
'Individual n ..... AI_t· at RIMAe every Moo & Wed.~. wa.n 10 fie Wetless Room. 2nd1loor A FREE studenI onpacl~OOpnklseeour ~AIM!orIolondayIlooq1 
seMCe prowled by 51t.den1 Healt! Miocales! Cal 534·2419 lor more 1110' Fnday I p.m." p10 2nd Iklor. 534 .... 72 
,Con, Go inlhtOc_lAlIeaSioot lTII.you've hadyoorHepal'GAsh<IS'!you sOOorSWIIIl1f1eocean.lXlnsdenmuwtoons ,~to 1'nIIIIIioMI .. GnduIII SdIooI? FIld IlIA what yoo 
10 pr04ec1 your heath Two s/1o(s . 6 monlhs apa~ . SOO eadl wa. n 10 Studer! Heall Y·F 8·11 am: Wed. 9-11 am need 10 know aIio* IIJIlbIlOO procedures, leSls, iIlancaI aid. and 

' 51 ...... No........ ' ... _....... IetIers d reterence., fie ea- Servi:es CeRer's ProIessilnai and 
'HEADACHES!!! Who needs 'ern? VISII!he HoodIdIo Clinic: at t.denI HeaItl aIIl go! ' .... ! w_ .. 10 register ........... ~ Fraduale School OI\lOr1 .... ies OWice irIMlIal acMsIlg ls.vaiIIIlIe 
Cal 534-8089 lor your appol11men1 by appoI1Imer1I. Please visI us Monday Ihroo!1l FrdIy 81 m. to 43) 
' Student HealhAdYocaleprovde Poor Education ....... on NU1IiIon.HIV.FIne5s. Slress& oIhertopes·at jOUIreshalor p10 or cal 534~939 
studenl 019 meellYJS' Cal 534·2419 lor 1110 on lllese FAEE pnl!J3I1lS' 'I11III HIIp EIpIariogClrw (lpions .. PIIooirIt c.. GallI? 
• Low CoII~· Over~he-<OlJl'ler .ems (cokl merbles. anlacds, bMldaods. YiamIls. sIcrI care prorU:ts, SUIlSCIeen, Dropn 10 see a career advIsorMondayItrourj1 Frilay 1'31).4 pm II 
CXlJ1Iracejllrve proWas. con1aC1lens proOOcts. etc ) al at dlscOUlll prus' l.ocaIed n fie IislIIoor d SIudenI HeaIt. Open Y·F fie ea- Serw:es en. Moroog ~ are also 1V1iIaIJie. 
ftam.4 JC»m. Wed 9am4 3O!Jm • Besurelopl:l!l4lcuSpilgCalendardEvenlSlromourlronldesllor 
'CPR.nd fntAidCIaMI II SludenlHealh' Classeshellal StOOerlHealtl ·1aUIj1tbyAmerbn RedClOss<rioed~ ¥lSI us onIile 1I_.tICIdAdu. 534·3750 
Take CoomroIyCPR. S1andard FIst AJj (wrih Reltrence eoo.). allor 525 ()()I Sq\14l soon · classes lill4l q&ICkIy' Come 10 2nd 
Iklor 01 51uden1 Healh Cenler. or"""" P!JiIIoOucsd eOIlO S9' up 
, Got Published! Healh Beat IS a studenl poiJ4I:allOO Iocusrg on heaIh ISSUe5 "you have ,.,. 11 wrWIg. ~ desq\. or 
layout. WE NEED YOU' E·mal fie ediIor II healltlealtucsd eW 
• A-C-H-E IS. lour lener word' e .... , ., S/udenl He .. Cal534-8J89 aIIl maIs an ~ of fie Dorm CIne' 

C~I .. IJRS & HEE'I'INC,S 
TutIdoy, April 20 

' 511·7 P m irlemallOOal C8IlierConierence Room FuIIn"""'lAIdon ....... rs I4lIO you IodecdeabcM flellAure d 
!he JewISh Ctmnurltf II UCSD FIld OUI abOO Ieader~ opponOOlres n UJS Free Iood' 

--"April21 
• ).6 30 P m RNersKleiOavG Room n Pra Cer1er Firllncial ........ AuotiIIioo a-IIllodr ........ guest 
speaker Aoben Jacl<son 'Leam WI !he stock rnaReIs can do lor you and whal you can do as a stoabroIIer' AI maps 
welCome' Free paza' htlpJlsa:c13 ucsd edl>'-lmal 
' 611 pm SarI. Barbara Room 11 !he Poce Cenler ~ lor er.tiwtllldiciol a-ll1Iody ....... New 
2OOl' board merIlers wi be eleaed !.led sctlOOI app process'" be!lscussed Cane"" us 

Thulldly. Apri/22 
' 645 P m Danslar OIIlCe (Room 212 Old SIIIIenI CerIer) 1lIrUQr'. Scilnct fICtion DiMor wit be at Slrjed PIzZI. Carmel 
Mournal1 
• 7 P m RlVer~VIS Room n !he Pnce Cenler Cane Il" !he PrtdontII Socioly lor an IlIormaIIOO S8SSIJJI on ErQxilntI:s 
..,., Or AIen We, 

Fridly.Apnl23 
• 6-11 pm Oil Siudenl Cenler Classrooms 1, 2, &3 IlIrbW spocill AdvIOCed Ouogoon. , DrIgoM GIr!Iing FeItinI, 
Corne ear1y 10 creale a character The lestlV3l w~ lake place n !he 'LNrg Ct{ Ream 
Salurelay Apr j24 
• sa m ·1 I P m Old Sludenl Cenler Classrooms 1.2 & 3 DIrkU Special AdvIOCed DuIIgIoM I 0rIpI LMng CiIy GIr!Iing 
Fes1iv.!. Players d all abilrtles wetorne Corne ear~ 10 creale a character 4 game IOUI'ds Yoo rbI'l need 1O!1l1o aI!he rOUllds 
10 panqJale n!he lesllVal ~Io 586·9452 

Sunday. April 25 
• Ba m ~ m Oil SlIIIenI Cenler Classrooms 1.2 & 3 IlIrbW SpIciII AdwIIICId IlorogaIII Drogoa Liwirott CiIy GaaIg 
Fntiv.l. Players d aI ab4rIres wetorne Come ear1y 10 creale a character 3 game IOUI'ds You rbI'l need 1o!1l1o at fie IOUIIds 
10 partlCp3le n II1e lestlVal Wo 586·9452 

'Cirele K lIoI4ir19 7 P m at Galery A 11 lie Pra Center "'err MorxIIy Corne. you WanlIO ~ IlIA your alI1I1mIy Ccr1act 
Juie 101 more rio a1919·2745 
, Lool<l19 100IlIelectuai SlmulallOO? DISCUSS and debate h04 Iq)ICS sucn as nuclear prolilerallOO. cbw1g. fie 1!II'/fOMI8Ilt. and 
!he elhlCal use d SClBllCe and lecIr100gy WlIh Stlldent Pugwnh USA! Corne "'err rnr Wert>esday sta~ng 4114 I4lSfaIS 11 
Old Slt.denI Cenler Room 12 116 P m AI Ideas are wetome' 
, InlerYlni!y Chrislian Fellowship. Come develop yoo reiallOOshll wllh God and meeI cool people No elIlIfII!J1Ct necessary 
n,ursdays al7 30 p.m RevelelMu •• ' HSS 2250 MarshilWlanenlERC al Solis 104 
• UCSD'. Bal~oom Canee Club hokls FREE FndaV Fun SeSSIOOs ",ery fnday lrom 2~ p.m 11 !he NorIh Bai:ony d lie Man 
Gym Coole LEARN and PRACTICE dances lli<e Hu,'~ Cha·CIra. Swrg TatY,jO Wall and more' Also keep any eye IlIA lor !he 
flub S qua~erlt FREE elaoces 

J..1~C;'I'IJIII~ 
Wednesday, Apnl21 

• 7 p~ PC Thealer Yisionsand Voices. AcelebrallJll 01 Women LeClureSerres Presents 'OurNudear F""""wrIh Or Helen 
Cakiocon Free and open 10 !he pOOic 

Fnday. Apnl23 
' Noon Cross CuIUraI CenIer Whli did AL Gretn .... ,""' mode hin !If' religious?: RIciIrn, Black C ..... and BIIdr 
Consciousness in lhe laC. 20th C,,'ury. P,esenledby T,oa Rose. 0epI d A/ocana SIIIIies. New YorIr ~ Sponsored 
by lhe Cer1er lor !he 51udy 01 Race and EItIlCly ~ fie EItIlIc SlIDes Oepanmeni 

'Ooyou'" aIcdOor SItJstance aIluse isdiedti or ~ aIedng 
your I~e? Aleo.oIl Sub.tanCl Abun ~"' COlI.ltlon 
Psychologicll & Counseling ServICes Em,1y (619) 534·5981 
ConIidertill trwdy.1ree. ) 1 

00P'I1IondIyI 
'GrW GIaup, 1.l).~.m.. 242558 For SUlerIs o/lo have experienced 
fie deII1 01 someone 19*anI. MerrIlert 1m SIWlft while rncwi'l 
Itrourj1 bereavemenl. Led by Nancy WaI1Iig. 534-5793 Cal Marcy 10 
S9114l. 
'Long DiItMce loft, 3:l).5 p.m .. W\lmeJ1', Slides Conference 
tmn, 1M College. HSS2025. ~ iIC3demi: SIICC8SS is dIiaiI 
0Jl0U!11, but Ie ~ even more chalengi'lg when Iryilg 10 buill and 
maI1Iai'I a love reIirIionshilwifr a pamer or spouse.no lives lar awoy! 
This ~ proviIes I Iorurn lor men and women 10 dIScuss Ihei 

~ and capIlg strategies. Led by Mary WoiIke, 534·5905 
Cal Mary lor more iIIormoIlOO or 10 "., !he !JOI4l 

Ongoint Tundlyl 
'''_W-lIoIIItIdu CIIiI1hft: 9.l). 11:00 a m ThG!1014l 
_1TIII1~WOII1IIJ1011ohaveellp8l1tOCedctil1oodand~ 
sexual abuse fie ~UI1Iy 10 obIal1 sf4lPOl1lrom others who have 
!lad smilar eorpeneoces.1O ~e IXlP"9 mechal1lsms ~ skis, and 
10 explore fie lralml (when use!tI) Menters wi have !he chance 10 
acqurre IooIs lor dealing ."" Illense emo1IOOS and mease !herr (ai'eiCt1 lormdab1e) resEr1ce. The groups prOVKle an _ 
YII'dl alows lor elll*nlm d inJ IacIors YII'dl may have made seekrlg 
"'"" more dille ... A~ appoinInwnI ...... !POIIP,.... 
illIqIIiwd. LedbyMinan 1os\4lOVICI, 534-0255 and Mary Wo6e, 534· 
5905 Cal Miiam 01 Mary 10 ",,11e groIIJ 
• EQIIorirII YIIIII CIIw PIIh Througil A Cultwll ltftl: 4:00 10 

5~ m The Iotlwilg topes will be discussed. How do II1gure OUI 
YII'dl map/career ~ fY1IIlor me? How 00 my culural values i'IIkrerx:e 
my career chOIce? How 00 I oope wilh my pal1!l1ls who Iisapprove 01 
my maprtca,eer d1orce? Led by a1l1s1,. FukurIaga, 534·5989. Cal 
CIrrist1IIor Iocabon and 10. I4lIor tie goup 

Oroping -...,. 
~ SoopparI Graop. 2:l).411 P m. Hal Dome LOIr>gt, 
IoU College FanIIy,pard, economics, Inends, r~, MUle 
and academics - II fIese I1emes are explore loward lie pi d 
g1WaIiln hom UCSD Led by RI!I1I Juare.z. 534·3875. and Dan 
MtIloz, 534~251 Cal lor more iIIormatron 
'Gradullt w..r.n'. Group, 3 JO.511 pm Women's Cer1er, 412 
lkwerSly Center. This G a year.mg ~!JOI4l Typcallhemes 
(generlted by fie merIlers) IlCIude academICIprIoIBSSIONIIderdy, 
dealilg wilt> ..... 1JIe ,oIes, manaoog rarnam: relat~. and 
provdrng care lor set. Led by Equila LlAoe, 534'()248 and CIIlsbe 
FIAIur1aga..5:(4·59119 Cal Equila orOlls1eIor a prl!-!JOl4lappol1/menl 

'SIM .............. , 4-5 P1O. Tlu9lod Marshal College Dean's ConIerence Room A six session, personalized workshOp 
IIlaI will teach yoo speck skis to cope .... sm., ilcUi1g reiwtron ~amg, Ime 11lII1Ig1II11n. ~ asserwtneSS sills Led 
by Jerry Phe\1S, 822·26t4. Cal Jerry lor rrIorrNIion 0110 S9' I4l 
'GraduaIt .... '. 1Idw-t'. Group.4:ll-6 p.m 242 SS8 This!JOlCl" IorpDte studenls.no are i1Ierested n eJl)lomg 
'eialionshlls. ~ issues ~ personaIlXlIICIIIIS, ndudi1g wnIormI1g INlnlIon. lear, ~ and 
IorleWless 10 resierce, ~ and SIIi&Iaction Groo,IJI corU1ue ho1qIoIA fie acaderr«: year and new merrters may pn 
wilen openrgs 0(XlI, and accomo1IIIions I3J1 be mode lor acIdemic...-.s. (A secood!J01.llS aI. dilerllflllrn8 Is oI!o 
IormI1g Cal S34·3755 lor AormIIion ) Led by""" ~ 534.()255 ~ RoIlIlaRlan, S34.Q2S2. Cal Rob or Mr1am lor 
a pre"1OUP ~ beIore IXlIIIi1g 10 fIe!JOlCl I fIere are If1OU!I1I1Ud111ts i1IeresIed a secood!Joup wi 101m 

ClopiIg Tl11ndIp 
'W-E_~ 1·2:11pJll 242 SS8. Are you 1iNAlY .... your I<1IXU1DII .... _,._1s1 00 you Dlglorflevalidatronand 
awrovatd tiers? ""you 1NbIe to ...... your _ andn8ed5? L_ togenerJII and rW1Iai1 a mort stable and haJmorIoos 
sense 01 581_ n jOUI dIitt IitI! This worI1shop i1cUIes some ro-t~1oIs d prICIict. Led by Equil Lulie, 534-0248 
and Ndie GokIen, 534-3456. Cal E~ .. NicIIie 10 "" fIe!Joup. . 
' .... '.!Me GIll To Do _11 4:ll-511p.m. a Uerllure B1iIdi1g. VI11y Is Iso lWrdlorme toge! ma relalronship? NIl 
I geII1g 100 iNotfedlOo quDtv'l Why is Iso hard to trust hiII4III7 "'" I fIIlI*Ig fie same dIsN:tr;e patterns .. a retations/llJ 
... ? 00 inJ d _ quntionIlOIIId IamiII'I n.. and INI1Y oller topes are ciIcussed .. 1Iis ooed !JOI4l1or !JadI and 
UIldefl13ds Led by lI1da Your1g. 534·3987. SIudIrU Il101*l calLRII belen oonWIgto fIe!JOlCl 
' 7:3).9 p.m. Women'sCenler's lbary. TIll I Itk 'In ..... ·1 ~ClroIr!IIIIIIirIg. 

0Ifai1I friMp 
....... !Me GIll To Do •• ? 1W1:llpm ,aUerll1le B1iIdi1g. "'" I geIIi1glOolMllvedlOoquijdy? Wt'f Is I so 
hard 10 IMI hint1er'! NIl I fI1IlIIII1!I fie same dIIInIcIive patterns? Do "" d ... quesIionI SCU1d IniITr'1 n.. aIIlrrwot 
of1er topics III! diIaaIed illIis ooed!Joup 1or!Jldl and 1J11krpII. Led by LRII Vculg, 534·3987. FridTys 12·1:ll p.rn. 
SludeI1Is Il101*l callftIJ bIIcn IXlIIIi1g to fIe!JOlCl. 
• Allt-Mnil c-IIr FGr., 12·1:ll p.m. CIOI& CI*nI CarIIer, 51war. This i1IormII ~ is des9Ied 10 
lCbess fie cxrrams d AsIW'dc Isknder sIu1knIs .. UCSD ... ~ and proIlIIm soM1g . Issues such as 

~ andadlmc - .InIII,...,.. CllllnlIIIrIiIr • rTIIIianJIipIarepoullle topics. Feel"" 10 bri1g your U1CI1I 
Led by QwiIhe F ..... , 534·_, and JoII1 Wu, 534-1579. 
• AIcoIIaI .................. Glalp.2 ..... HTllDor11IlAluIIgo, IUCoIJge. I you _11M _lIi1edyoursell, 
'00 '.'11"_ .. 11 ...... . ?'."'pelhJplyou .. -ttlo ........ ledbyDMIUIoz. 534-0251 ~1Iary 
Waite, 534-5905, and Jelly PI$. 822·2&14. 
• CMpIJIkcl r-. 4::I)t pJll Cas CIAnI CenIer. 510 liMrIly CerUr. c..,.. Bkd1 FGI1In Is 111 i1IonNI and 

~ getIeri1g ""*' we iwII ~ rIIcu&Iion aIIll1l:l1ll1ge 1dIIs. ...... , and COI1CIII1I on "" IopIC ralevanllo fie 
MIs ~ upIriTIaI 01 peGI)Ie 01 AI1i:II11kart. • Is • pIJce 10 IXlI1I1Id ........ 1IUd1I1ts (gad and 1IIdIrgrId), ... and 
1IcuIy. Led by lftIJ ~ 534-3817. 

EVENTS. RECREATION 
....." .. 1~ .. 23 

• 9am.·5p.m.UraryWall ....... FaIrtCane dlldtlllAcu __ oI<MISOvendorsISponloredbySl ..... OrgIrilaIions 
,~~ (sa.o).Formore i'IIocal534.ai01. 

T...."April20 
• Last Illy 10 sirJI" ~ fIPII ...... PTi1IIII CI1Ib 0IIIiII" 'Mdy PaiaI ParI: (to be held on Apri mt). Sponsored by 
ASUCSO. E-rnoi. FIjOytelitrhllllw.l1ll .. CallIIIrtr .. ~18 5I*:e islmiled. 
• J.4 p.m. PC GIIery B. lIIder!IIil s.nr. ~ t... For IWn sIIIIInIs heacfng IlIA i'IIo lie m Ion:e. here is an 
opponlllly 10 goiI an q,! ThiI ~. two loki: 10 Uhss "_1f11*lYee IS wei as _ regII1i1g!he ~. 
AecIl1l case law and Ig1I1Cies .... provide __ wi be ciIcussed. SponIored by sa.o. F .. _ i1Io cal 534-OS01 
• 7 p;n.IlandevleAudlklriurn. San 0. ~Ftn FIIMI Halls: ............ (FwITII .. ..". (lIatf) . General 
I&' SludenIs 54. For i1IorrMIion cal5J4.0497 
• 7 ~ 10 p.m. Pri:e CenIer~ ........... IIMII', PIa <ArHr T'-. S2 per ptrWI. TalIS available at fie Pri:e 
<ArHr8ol ()tIce. 
• 9p.m IlandevleAudlklriurn. SanDilgo Ir1IernTIilnIIftn FIIIivaI HollIs: ..... ., FnIIf' (Norway). General $61 StudeI1Is 14. 
For iIIormalion cal 534-G497 
Wemesday, Apri 22frilay, Ap1123 
• 9 • .m.·5 p.m. Price C8I1Ief . .,..... 01 ... 1IITct ...... 1IITct ... fIII1I FITIInI. Fin! IestivII scrter1I1g 11 !he PC 
T_ ApII adS.11 p.m. Ho: ~'uc:sd._ .. ~790. 

"""".,nI21 
'7:ll pm. Solis 107. CWO Preslllls fie Itn: "AIaIIJr ........ This Itn is bIIed on fie story 01 Clarence FIch who died d 
AlOS .. 1990. TlIougIIound~, II.d04aped i1Ierviews. and IIdlivalioolage. we !elm abOIA et.ence's experience as 
an 18-year-dd ..... iI VIftlarn. Free. 
• 8-10 p.m, .. YII1IdJII SINJI Fair, Israel RI11ptr1dIru Cay CtIebrIIion. Food. aUe, nuic, IITmasl FrIIIl cal 678'()71X1 lor 
more iIIo. 

non.,.,,22 
• Ed 0.,. E_ .. UCSD l1IA. m : ~'UCId'" 
'81m. Worner'" en. TIIIT Yow DToIII1In To hIr 0.,. Starts .... br11IIdIst .. fie Worn.I', CIII1Ier. For studIII1I parents 
wifr school age cItierI. 0p0r1 house II Worner!'s CenIer, morniIg tour, aIIIrnoon worIIshops. RSVP to Women's CenIer at 822· 
147501 womenOucsd.ecl1 
'6:»8 pm. RMkCcnerlnce RoomSl C, lIMIte CoIege ........ OpII For.tarllTlill,GIy, .... 1III, T~ 
...... 6::JJ.8 pm AlIIMIIe ........... M ClIlIJOf'IiIy Ior",** IIUdInI !lClIMIIionI to meellIrIh coIIgI S1aII, 
shari COIQIIlS, IOice your opiIions, and men IUggIIIionIIor I!."ooiIg sludonIlitI! II IIMIIe , UCSO. P.~ 01 a series ~ 
FOIIInS lor .1111 SIU1Ier1t Jl(1IUTIions II RMIe. Ho: lIberiD'ucsd.ecl1 or fie AMIIe CoIega Dean's OIi:e. 
• 7 & lOp.m. PC n-.IbieNijls: "T1II11III111TdU.".AItniaion S2. Forillomalion plNsecal822·2068 
• 7.3l p.m. PC Batoom. IT link II 10 ......... 21 .. ~ Come ,.. Or. PhIip JoIT1Son, acdJined alllor d 
'OarwI1 on Trill' and UC BerUIey Law proIessor,,,, on fie ~ d DnhIrn. SjIonsortd by CarIIJus Crusade ~ JVCF. 

FridIy,,,23 
'7 p.m. Porler's Nl. c-Ilar eo.IJI EdIcIIIOI. FNUi1g:The UpbeII. F"", AgenI 5t , and The Camons. Free 
rattle' 57 51 ..... 59 pWIic. AI ages. Proc:eeds briI SurIridIr~. TrdreII .. UCSO 801 OIIiee. For mort Wo go 10 ~J 
1scb:10.ucsd.eduI-ibo1as or HIlI: dbroab.UCId ecl1 
, N5·9.11 p.m. ,,*,,-,'s CenIer. LGIT SIIIIIIIIl A pokIr SIIIIIbeI __ 1or LGBT IIUd1I1ts ~ 1riInds. Sponsored by Hilel 
aIIl Womer!'s en. iIIo' 822·1047 or nnIrkiI'UCId.ecl1 

......"AprilM 
' 911; m PC n-. 111 __ TrIoI LIIdTnIIIp eo.t..& ~Uhss by CaIiIornoa ~ Clrarlene 
Zeftel Free arhissIon. AegiIIrIIIon 1eq1ied.1rIo: ~'uc:sd.ecl1 
,FIyiIg ...... PTiIIIITI 0utiII ................ ~ by ASUCSO. Be sure 10 sirJll4l by Apri 20Ih E ..... i 
Flyll!lielishOWllllvJ1el 01 cal'" II 79J.4918. 

",,,25 
· 8a.m.-6pm.c-...... ., ......... oIT ....... LalAItJkI·OntjSS.SOperptrSOl1,ildudeslransporialion 
& mission. Spaces ft IiriIed 10 .14l" your Oean's alice todTy. 
, 11.301.m." p.m ..... 1IJrdI .. lilly. JoiI fie SIll DiIgo.tewitl1 Cormuiy iI .. 2M MrlllTlIIIrcI1 irI ....... 01 JtwiI~ 
UftIIy. AI fie lIInrI:t ~ XC. Cal5J4.2S21 Iar .... m. 
·8-9pm. EspressoRorNCaIe. II01I1I ...... ."...Sd1III(, ......... , si1gs~pIJyI~r. 

Ilr1tIir1I 
, War1I to IaI91 your ... oil? Come see "WIITI'" Scr1II'" ... ~: ~, ... Mry oller WeoiIeIday at WNH? Colee 
nex1 to PIm Cafe Callile at 297-8324 lor deIIIlz 
• UCSO ..... , a.b..., ....... 1Iondays al7 p.m. Everyone weIcornt. Please Hnai bahaih:sd,ecl1 or 558-8220 lor 
location or mort 1110. 
• KnoI1J IIIgI1IJ.Every Wemesdlyhouljlllay 19.1. J.9p.m. There wlbeprizslorfle best perIormersll'/aryngcal!!1lJ18S. 
They 1ft) at Room TaIM Pizza .. PIa CIII1Ier. Fer i1IorrnIIIOO cal 822·2068. 
• UCSO ..... ·i a.b Ur1IIy GIII1IriIgTI Every Th1ncIay" 711 p.m. i1IornaI dIsaIssion ~ Iiins abcM!he _s 01 fie Baha'I 
Fall. Everyone WItome. Free reIresIInds. Location· 8799 GtnII1 Or. It: cal55H220 oruM! baharOucsd edu lor more 
i'IIo 
• Tho BIG SHOW. Su1days at 10 p.m. Ch 10 SRTY RrjtoIIRer tie Hies. 

PHOTO BY PRIVATE CHRISTOPHER IIAWN!! 

Monday, April 19, 1999 

An evaluation of 
the history and 

issues 
surrounding the 

debate over a 
woman's right to 

choose 

STORY BY 
JESYKA AsHLAR. 

SPECIAL TO THE CUARDIAN 

& 
JESSICA SCHEPPMANN, 

FEATURES EDITOR 

The UCSD Guardian 

ew debates in the United States arc 
more explosive than thosc surrounding 
abortion. For many people, the political 
stance they take is based on their moral 
and religious beliefs regarding protec-
tion of an unborn life. Others hclieve 
that the right to choose is a fundamental 
part of this country's heritage and is 
crucial to women's rights and their ahil-

ity to achieve social equality. Often these opinions arc 
rooted in uncompromising political heliefs. 

The central debate focuses around separate, hut 
related, issues. On one hand, many argue t.hat life 
begins at conception, On the other hand, hecausc of Ihe 
burdens of reproduction, some argue that women's 
right to choose is crucial to the advanccment of women 
as equal. These two i~sues add up to the ideologies 
behind pro-life and pro-choice positions. 

A 1989 LO.f Allxeles 7illles national opinion poll 
reported that although 61 percent of Americans think 
abortion is morally wrong and 57 pcrcentthink it is mur-
der, 74 percent helieve that ','ahortion is a decision that 
has to be made hy every woman for herself," reflecting 
the ditliculty and contlicting emotional nature of the 
abortion dehate. This shows that many American's arc 
pro-choice, wit trout necessari ly sharing the view that 
you have to have an ahortion to believc in the funda-
mental right to determine your own reproductive path-
way. 

A NC'II ' York 7i1llC'.\,/CBS poll wim:iding with Ihl! 
25th anni vl!rsary of RoC' I: WadC', rl!portl!d that approx-
imately two-thirds of Aml!rican adults hclil!ve thai 
ahortion should he Il!gal in thl! lirst triml!ster. 
History 

Thl! kgality and morality of ahortion has hl!l!n 
dehated for hundrl!ds of Yl!ars. Early feminists, such as 
Elizahclh Cady Stanton, Su~an B. Anthony, and Dr. 
Alice Bunker Stockham were staum:hly pro-life, argu-
ing thai ahortion allowed for the exploitation of women 
and chi ldren. They felt Ihat ahortion primarily served 
the needs of the "predatory" nature of men . 

Stanton wrote, in July of I X69, "Guilty'! Yes, no 
matter what the motive, love of case, or a desire to save 
from suffering the unhorn innocent, Ihe woman is 
awfully guilty who wmmits the deed. It will hurden 
her consciem:e in life. it will hurden her soul in death; 
hut oh! thrice guilty is he who, for sellish gratitkation, 
heedless of her prayers, indifferent to her fate, drove 
her to the desperation which impels her crime." 

According to Ian Shapiro. editor of Abortioll: Till' 
SuprelllC' Court /)('ci ,\·ioll.\·, the issue over the legality of 
uhortions in the United Slates nccame controversial , 
not when the women's movement took a slance, hut 
when middk-dass singk and married white women 
hegan to seck out ahortions in order to alleviate thl! 
hurden of chi ld rearing in the middle of the ' 19th centu-
ry. Prcvi6usly, ahortions had primarily heen sought out 

See DEBATE, Page 10 

John Barber/ Guorduln 

FEAT RES l) 



10 FEATURES 

DEBATE: 
Legal abortions 
safer then childbirth 
Continued from .,.,. 9 
by poorer women of color. 

"Historicall y, its emergence seems 
linked to the ... threat to the existing 
social order that these developments 
i III P li e d ," 
Sh a pir o 
stated. 

Oth e r 
a rg um e nt s 
focused on 
the health of 
the mother 
because abortions 
put women in dan-

C ALI FORNIA 

STATE 

ger. Abortion had his-
torica lly heen a proce-
dure that led to infection, 
sterility or death. However, 
as noted in Justice Blackman 's 
Roe v. Wade opinion. by 1973. med-
ical ad vancements made it safer for a 
woman to have an abortion than to 
carry a fetus to term. 

Currently, the right to choose to 
have an ahortion is primarily consid-
ered a feminist issue. The National 
Organization for Women (NOW) has 
designated the preserva ti on of a 

woman 's right to choose as its top pri-
ority. Additionally, Planned Parent-
hood focuse s on the rights and the 
health of women and their reproduc-
tive capabilities. Often the first orga-
nization to come to mind for the pro-
choice movement it , "Believes in the 
fundamental right of each individual 
to manage his or her fertility." Its 
wish for "every child [to bel a loved 
and wanted child" is central to pro-
choice declarations. 

The fac\. that only 5.8 percent of 
Planned Parenthood's services are 
dedicated to abortion often comes as 

a surprise . The majority of its 
resources are dedicated to pro-

viding contraceptives, preg-
nancy tests, and prenatal 

care to women. 

DefInition 

The debate over 
sexual educa-
tion in schools 
serves as 
another facel 
of this heated 

argument. 

A National Abortion Federation 
(NAF) Fact Sheet defines abortion as 
"the expUlsion of a fetus before it is 
mature enough to li ve on its own," 
and adds that. " legal induced abortion 

WHEN·Do WOMEN HAVE 
ABO~TIONS? 

7-8 weeks 

21 or more 
weeks (1%) 16-20 

weeks 

13-IS 
weeks 

88% of abortions occur in the 
fi rst I 2 weeks of pregnancy. 

According to a New York Times/Cas 
poll coinciding with the 25th 
anniversary of Roe v. Wade, about 1/1 
of American adults believe that 
abortion should be legal in the first 
trimester of pregnancy. 

Wp.RREN COLLEGE COMMUTER EVENTS 
···SPRING Cp.LENOAR 1999··· 

4/2f) Breakfast at East Parking/Roma 7:30-10:30am 
4/28 BBQ for commuters, Library Walk 12:15-2pm 
5/2 Study Break! Coffee at Cafe Crema in PB noon-2pm 
SIll Movie in PC: "The Siege" + des 'ert 6-9pm RSVP!! 
5/20 Breakfast at Ea t Parking/Rom a 7:30-10:30am 
5/26 FREE BBQ for commuters, Library Walk 12:15-2pm 

EVE R 'n H I N GIS F R E E !! 
PlU,SE Cp. ll534-4700 FOR MORE INFORMJi.1I0N ••• 

The UCSD Guardian The Abortion Debate Examined 

is brought about deliberately by a 
medical procedure." 

In Planned Parenthood v. Casey, 
the Supreme Court defined viability 
as, "The time at which there is a real-
istic pos!>ibility of maintaining and 
nourishing a life out ide the womb." 

Planned Parenthood 's information 
states that a fetus is viable when it 
reaches an, "anatomical threshold." 
This means that when critical organs, 
such as the lungs and kidneys, can 
sustain independent life outside the 
uterus, then the fetus is considered 
viable. It is extremely unlikely that a 
fetus wi II be viable outside of the 
womb until at least 23 weeks of ges-
tation. There are those who consider 
this viability to be 
the line between 
a fetus and a life. 
Statistics on 
Occurrence 

Currently , 
according to the 

CALIFORNIA 
STATE 

NAF, 90 percent of 
women who obtain 
abortions do so in the 
first trimester (less 
than 13 weeks of preg-
nancy). Of these women, 
97 percent have no com-
plications, 2.5 percent have 
minor complications that can 
be handled in a doctor 's office, 
and less than .5 percent require some 
additional surgical procedure or hos-
pitalization. 

According to Planned Parenthood, 
9 percent of abortions are performed 
in the second trimester, (24 or fewer 
weeks of gestation), and only about 
100 are performed in the third 
trimester, or approximately .01 per-
cent of all abortions performed. These 
take place when the health of the 
mother is threatened, especially in the 
case of cancer, when treatment would 
not be able to tale place during the 
pregnancy. 

In terms of the abortion procedure, 
a significant factor that contributes to 
a safe abortion is how far along the 
pregnancy is. The farther into the 
pregnancy. the higher the risk , 
although current methods are rela-
tively safe. Other factors involve the 
skill of the physician, the kind of 
anesthesia used, the woman's health 
and the abortion method used. 
TheDelNde 

According to' Kristin Luker, the 
abortion debate can be broken down 
to "a debate about personhood." 

The abortion debate falls into two 
comers: pro-life and pro-choice. Pro-
life advocates believe that life begins 
at conception. From this premise, 
they argue that abortion is the murder 
of a human life and that to end the 
course of that life is immoral and 
wrong. Many times, this belief is tied 
to religious convictions. 

"It is doubtful whether statistics 
can establish a particular moral posi-
tion," said Frank Beck'with, a pro-life 
doctor, reinforcing the grounds that 
the pro-life argument is based in 

The turning point in this century 
over the legality of abortion came 

with the Supreme Court's 
landmark decision in 1973 with 

Roe v. Wade. 
moral beliefs rather than statistical 
facts. 

When the mother is a victim of 
incest or rape, or when the mother's 
life is in danger, pro-life opposition to 
a legal abortion is often religiously 
motivated. Because the center of the 
pro-life argument focuses on certain 

religious or spiritual premises, 
there are those who consider 
efforts to legislate on the basis of 
faith a violation of the separation of 
Church and state. However, there 
are those who pursue the argument 

based on biological reasons. 
"I can explain, in biologi-
cal terms, why life begins 

at conception," Allie 
LeBlanc, a pro-life 

Christian, said. 
"However, my 

pol i tic a I 
beliefs on this 
matter are also 

closely tied to 
my religious 

beliefs." 
Those focused on the question of 

when life begins from a pro-choice 
persptX:tive often consider fetal viabil-
ity to be the point at which the unborn 
takes precedence over the mother, 
except in certain extreme situations. 

Statistics vary on the actual num-
ber of women 's deaths related to 
abortion, legal or illegal. However, 
according to the NAF, only one in 
200,000 women die during legal 
abortions, and seven out of 200.000 
die during childbirth. The number of 
deaths from legal abortions now is 
only a small fraction of those that 
occurred from illegal abortions prior 
to 1973. These statistics coincide with 
Planned Parenthood statistics, which 
are gathered by an independent 
research institute, the Alan Guttmach-
er Institute. 

The Guttmacher Report, published 
last February, reports that approxi-
mately half of all abortions are per-
formed in the first eight weeks of 
pregnancy and almost nine out of 10 
abortions are done in the first 
trimester. 

Planned Parenthood's research on 
abortion shows that 70 percent of 
women who obtain an abortion failed 
to use contraceptives before their pro-
cedure, but only 6 percent continue to 
not use birth control afterward. This 
helps to motivate the organization's 
concentrated effort to educate women 
and men of all ages about contracep-
tion, sexual health and family plan-
ning. 

The decision to have a baby is dif-

lieu It, and the opinions of others are 
often hard to avoid. Kelly Oscar, a 
pro-choice woman who has chosen to 
have her baby, says that in many of 
her meetings with state health 
providers she tinds herself the recipi -
ent of graphic pro-life literature and is 
often lectured by state care providers. 

"I want them to keep their politics 
off of my body," Oscar said. "They 
don ' t even 
understand that 
the comments 
they make 
are political." 
TIle 
Centnli 
C .... 

The turning 
point in this cen-
tury over the legality 
of abortion came with the 
Supreme Court 's landmark deci-
sion in 1973 with Roe v. Wade. The 
findings of this case were three -o ld. 

"For the stage prior to approxi-
mately the end of the first trimester, 
the abortion decision and its effectua-
tion must be left to the medical judg-
ment of the pregnant woman's attend-
ing physician. 

"For the stage. subsequent to 
approximately the end of the !irst 
trimester, the State, in promoting its 
interest in the health of the mother. 
may, if it chooses, regulate the abor-
tion procedure in ways that are rea· 
sonably related to maternal health. I 

"For the stage subsequent to via-
bility, the State in promoting its 
interest in the potentiality of human 
life may, if it chooses, regulate, and 

------------------------

even proscribe, abortion except where 
it is necessary, in appropriate medical 
judgment, for the preservation of the 
health of the mother." 

Doe v. Boulton, a companion suit 
to Roe v. Wade, made it illegal to deny 
an abortion based on the decision of a 
hospital committee. More important-
ly, however, this case struck down 
legislative restrictions that had been 
placed on where a woman could have 
an abortion . This gave rise to the evo-
lution of the modem abortion clinic. 

Planned Parenthood v. Casey, was 
a crucial case to the Supreme Court in 
deciding whether or not Roe v. Wade 
was still a deciding factor. Casey 
established that the Roe holding 
should be upheld and reaffirmed, and 
that the state's interest in protecting 
an unborn life would be seen as ub-

pregnant woman. 

ordinate to a 
woman's con-
stitutionally 
protected 

right to an 
abortion . This 

decision allowed 
states to regulate 
or ban abortion 

after viability 
unless necessary 

to protect the life 
or health of the 

In the 1979 ColaUlti v. Franklin 
decision, the Supreme Court ruled 
that viability must be determined by 
"the judgment of the attending physi-
cian on the particular facts of the case 
before him." This denies any attempts 
to place a universal time line on abor-

tion eligibility. 
TIle CoM "-C-""'" 

Many recognize the use of the coat 
hanger as a symbol of the pro-choice 
movement, referencing a time when 
the illegality of abortions is said to 
have forced women to resort to coat 
hangers or "back street butchers" for 
dangerous or lethal abortions. Beck-
with quotes a 1960 American Journal 
of Health article showing that 84 to 
87 percent of illegal abortions in 1958 
"were performed by licensed physi -
cians in good 
standing." 

He also 
li s t s 
instances 
of contra-
dictory 
reporting of 
illegal abor-
tion deaths that 
reveal an under-report-
ing of them. These contradic-
tion undermine statistical attempts to 
accurately project the ramifications of 
undermining Roe v. Wade and a return 
to those conditions. 

It is difficult, however, to claim that 
prior to 1973. there were not consider-
ably more deaths and injury sustained 
by women from dangerous illegal 
abortions. or from attempting to 
induce a miscarriage. According to a 
NAF fact sheet, women undergoing 
illegal abortions often ended up in the 
emergency room with medical compli-
cations such as a perforated uterus. 
retained placenta, severe bleeding, cer-
vical wounds. rampant infection, 
shock and gangrene, sometimes result-

Car 
Accidellft 
Free Report uncovers 
information that the 
insurance company hopes 
you don't discover: 

Call (800) 838-6319 
24-hour recorded message to 

order your FREE REPORT 

Monday, April 19, 1999 

ing in permanent infertility or death. 
...... CIIMIoIIs 

Abortion affects each individual 
differently, which is reflected in the 
current political debate. Despite all of 
the controversy, Planned Parent-
hood's statistics show that 98 percent 
of women who have abortions 
express almost no regret. Obviously, 
factors contributing to this include 
personal religious beliefs and her 

decision making 
process. Statistics 

also show thut 
70 percent of 
relation s hip s 

end within one 
month of an abor-
tion. 

According to a 
Planned Parenthood 
fact sheet, more 
than 70 pereent of 

women who choose 
abortion plan to 

choose motherhood in the future. Also, 
women who have had one abortion ~ 
have higher self-esteem, greater fecl- ~ 
ings of worth and capability, and fewer ,g 
feelings of failure than women who ~ 
have not had an abortion or who have ~ 
had repeat ahortion . Thesc statistics f 
have little to do with the procedure, and G 
more to do with the woman's educa- 3 
tion, self-determination and choice. ..:: 
TIle FInIeh LIne :i1 

This article was created with an ~ 
honest attempt at unbiased presenta-
tion, but no focus on a heated debate 
can achieve that perfection. Please 
take this and any other source to cre-
ate your own position. 

::; 

~ 
~ ,. 
,. 

:n 
~ 
::l 

FEATURES II 

STATISTICS 
• Abortion was legalized in California 

in 1967 

• 49% of pregnancies among American 
women are unintended; liz of these 
are terminated by abortion 

·l ~ obtaining 
.alMaltiDns .... yo ...... than 25 

• 52% of all abortion facilities provide 
services only through the 12th week 
of pregnancy 

• 9 in t care..oudnely 
r.-..... I1I4Ian or prcMde Imltecl 

• Less than I % of all abortion patients 
experience a major complication, 
such as serious pelvic infection, 
hemorrhage requiring a blood 
transfusion or unintended major 
surgery 

• one patient dies In w.", 200,000 
..... abottIon. 

• The risk of death associated with 
childbirth is about 10 times as high 
as that associated with abortion 

Q~-------------------------------

UP all allM7 
(studying!) 

SOAr. 
(working!) 

!:lib ~ OPEN 24 HouRS 
Costa Verde Shopping Center • 8650 Genesee Ave., Ste. 200 

457-9500 
15% OFF All FUll5ERVE hEMS Wm{ THIS Ao 

Expires April lO, 1999 • Not valid whh any otMr couponJ or lpeC.alJ 



" 

12 FEATURES The UCSD Guardian Monday, April 19, 1999 

PSYCHO THERAPY 
A virginal preoccupation with sex plagues Mary as a freshman 

MARY HIGGINS 
Senior Staff Writer 

long, I hoped). I'd known him for 
several months ... long enough to 
know he was (how to put this deli-
cately'!) a big, bad wolf, vast ly 
experienced wi th nocturnal recre-
ation. I, bei ng pure and chaste, held 
him in the highest regard. 

We settled in for the night , on 
our re pective sides of the bed. 
Although he didn ' t immediate ly 
lunge at me, he wasn't the type of 
guy to pass up a night of meaning-
less passion (I thought hopefully). I 
had certai n ideas about how a frat 

feci the rise and fa ll of his chest as 
he breathed deeply. I whispered his 
name. 

Then 1 heard the low, throaty 
rumble of his snoring. 

I was not deterred ... Ii rst I 
nudged his shoulder, then I kicked 
his leg, but it was all for naught. 
Disappointed, 1 realized I was to 
leave the hotel room the next mom-
ing untouched. Dammit. 

So much for basking in the hap-
pily ever afterglow. Needless to 
say, this spawned all sorts of inse-

like so many others I fell into the 
'everything but ' category. Up until 
the Baja incident, my abstinence 
was purposeful. Being a hard-core 
romantic, I figured I'd wait until I 
got married. Or at least until I fell 
in love. Or at least until I found a 
somewhat attracti ve guy who did-
n't annoy me too much. 

All around me my virgin friends 
were dropping like fli es, or so it 
seemed. Despite my inaccurate 
impression that the entire living, 
breathing world was having sex, I 

experience with someone special. 
Having been raised on a strict diet 
ofTY and trashy romance novels, I 
had certain ideas about what sex 
should be: intimate, tender, memo-
rable. (Have you ever noticed that 
on TY they always call it "making 
love?" It's never. "Hey, what 's up? 
You wanna do itT') 

These romantic ideals were 
impossible to eradicate, no matter 
how hard I tried. Later that year a 
sy mpathetic (and admittedly 
horny) male friend actually offered 
to have mercy sex with me, but I 
declined. I waited. And waited. 

ote To Reader: I' m about to 
devote thi s entire column to forni -
cation. If you're easi ly offended or 
have heart problems, skip on over 
to the Sports section. 

Time: About three years ago. 
Place: Somewhere in Mexico. 
This is the story of the Little, 

Red Writing Ho (before she 
became the Psycho Therapist ). 
Once upon a time, 1 was shacked 
up in a Baja hotel room with a frat 
boy, a double bed and enough alco-
hol to stun a rhinoceros. There was 
only one minor inconvenience -
the presence of a third party - but 
he was unconscious in the next bed 
over and not likely to wake so long 
a the noise (ahem) was kept to a 
minimum. 

I was not deterred ... first I nudged his shoulder, 
then I kicked his leg, but it was all for naught. Dis-
appOinted, I realized I was to leave the hotel room 

the next morning untouched. Dammit. 

Let me get to the point ... even-
tually I had sex. This is embarrass-
ing to admit in the school paper not 
because it 's all that shocking but 
because (a) it feels like "kissing 
and telling" and (b) my parents 
sometimes read the Guardian and 
I'm sure this is information thl:y'd 
rather not know. 

Beer bottles littered the fl oor. I 
was the only female wi thin arm 's 
reach. Ah yes, it was the perfect 
setting to finally satisfy my curios-
ity about that oh-so-entici ng world 
of SEX. 

The lights went out and the 
aforementioned frat hoy and I hit 
the sack. fully clothed (hut not for 

boy should behave, so I fi gured I 
wouldn't have to beg too hard. 

everal minutes later, I still 
waited for him to make a move but 
nothing happened. Annoyed, I 
decided the gap between us was far 
too wide SQ I inched a little bit clos-
er. 

Still nothing. 
Maybe he was a gentleman after 

all. Well , I could fix that. [ inched 
even closer. Hint hint. 

Still nothing. 
The time for subtlety was over. 

[t was time to fling myself at him .... 
J inched closer, so close that [ could 

Darwinism: Fit to Survive in 1 
the 21st Century? 

Dr. Phillip Johnson, Professor of Law at 
UC Berkeley, speaks on: 

"The Evolution Controversies: The Players, 
The Issues, and What's Going to Happen Next." 

Thursday, April 22, 7:30-9:30pm 
Price Center Ballroom 

L-- ______________________________________ ~ 

, Sponsored by UCSD Intervarsi ty Chri tian FREE. Fellowship and Campus Crusade for Christ 

.A:'I& •• I&.~ : 
Revelle Seniors 

DEADLINE 
EXTENDED! 

If you still want 
to be student 

commenceDlent 
speaker ••• 

Applications and speeches DUE: 
MONDAY~ April 26~ 4:30pm 

@ Revelle Dean~s Office 
AUDITIONS: April 29~ 5-7pm 

questions: mgo@ucsd.edu 

curities. [f [ couldn 't even get a 
drunk , frat boy to take advantage of 
me, then what kind of gi rl was I? 
(Disc laimer: Before every fraterni-
ty writes in to chew me out, let me 
say since this incident I' ve learned 
the stereotype of fraternity mem-
bers being sexually promiscuous or 
ungentlemanly is totally untrue ... [ 
have lots of Greek friends who 
don' t get any.) 

Let's talk about my state of 
mind circa The Unsuccessfu l 
Seduction of Mr. Irritatingly Trust-
worthy. I was 19 and a virgin, 
though not completely innocent ... 

didn 't feel any pressure to join in. I 
waited patiently for Mr. Right. It 's 
funny how all my ideals sort of fell 
by the wayside when I got to col-
lege. J got tired of waiting. I was 
curious. I was eager. I was sur-
rounded by thousands of guys who 
had no moral values whatsoever. 
Things looked promising. 

Yet despite my frustration after 
the Baja debacle, I was relieved 
nothing had happened. For one 
thing, it would have been terribly 
embarrassing if the third party had 
just been pretending to sleep. Also, 
I realized I wanted to share my first 

So why am I writing this'? I fig-
ure my parents wi ll at least feel 
comfort that our "little talk" wasn' t 
for nothing. As for the kissing and 
telling, sex is an important and seri-
ous topic (even though I joke about 
it) and I think it 's worth a little 
press. 

In our culture, we are obsessive-
ly preoccupied with sex but we 
never really talk about it in a mean-
ingful way. We don' t really think 
about the importance of how we 
envision sex - an act that is so 

See PSYCHO, Page 14 

The Berkeley' ReHer Prorides: 
10 Weeks or Review And Testing Of 
Important MCAT "VII\.'~II'~""'-""·_"""-I~'''''''''''''''' 

Exceptional Instructors For Each or 
The Six Topic Areas Of The MCAT+# 
Excellent Review Materials That You 
Get To Keep And Take aavu'''t"/4"I'-11'-t,l'-t'MIt'-II 

1-800-622-8821 
www.berkeley-review.com 

Monday, AprilllJ, 1999" 

TRAVIS HILL 
::'~)()rts Edit01' _ 

Let me start thi s bad boy off 
wi th a little story : on my eighth 
birthday. I told my mom that I 
wanted to be eight years old ·forev-
er. She asked me why and I said 
that I never wanted to grow up. She 
later told me that it was at that 
moment that she figured out two 
things about me. The first was that 
I was wise beyond my years. The 
second was that I was also some-
how really immature for my age, 
which leads us to today. 

I am a big, fat senior and I still 
never want to grow up. 

Now hold on, Felicity, this is not 
going to be another sappy, "senior" 
soapbox , complete with whiny, 
sentimenta l musings and a conclu-
sion full of whimsical happiness 
about the past and a posi ti ve out-
look on the future (and that horrifi -
cally happy music that comes on at 
the end of every WB show and Jen-
nifer Love Hewi tt project). 

For those of you readers who 
know who I am, you know that will 
never happen. For Ihose of you who 
don't have enough guts to read the 
sports section. let me fill you in: I 
am the antithesis of the typical 
lJCSQ SWdent. 1 am not here ~o 
become some freakish lab-rat that 
never sees the light of day. I didn ' t 
come to San Diego to lock myself in 

IS 
YOUR 

FUTURE 
WORTH 

$50,OOO! 
WE 

THINK SO. 
The Army now 

offers college scholar-
. ships wo.rth up to 

$50,000 for qualifying 
applicants through 
the Montgomery GI 
Bill and the Army 
College Fund. 

It's worth a call to 
find out more. Call 
your local recruiter at: 

La Jolla 
619 .. 488 .. 2781 

ARMY. 
II ALL 1011 CAN II. 

www.goarmy.com 

The UC D Guardian FEATURES J3 

THE EDITOR'S SOAPBOX 
Reality bites: Eventually we all have to graduate even da Coach 
the dank ba<;ements of buildings that 
were designed to block out the sun. 

I am hcre to have four of the 
hest years of my life, which 
includes a lot of sports, alcohol and 
most importantly. fun . Fun has 
pretty much been my moti vation 
ever si nce I' ve been here. Most of 
the "smart" people here wou ld 
assail me for being a "stupid" 
Communication major, but I'm the 
one who's going to bars on Tues-
day nights and spending entire 
afternoons in the sun while they ' re 
fighting to find a good table at the 
library. 

Oh yeah, I'm also really good at 
digressing and tak ing a rea lly long 
time to make my point. but don 't 
worry, it's an interesting ride at the 
very least. 

So. Qack to the point of this lop 
that I call a soapbox: me being a 
senior. Being a senior is absolutely 
the greatest thing that can happen 
to a college kid . It basically 
includes all the fun stuff that you 
always want to do while you' re rot-
ting away in class, without the bor-
ing filler, like class! 

I am having such a great time 
this year. I'm not kidding kids, I am 
now a "good time" junkie. My 
entire ex istence consists of search-
ing for the next new adventure. I 
don 't care what it is, [' m ready. 
Bring me any dumb idea that 
sounds cool. and I'm there. It 's on. 
How serious am I about seeking 
out merrimenl"! I damn near went 
to TIjuana a few Wednesdays ago, a 
place I had sworn off after too 
many nights Qf vomiti n~ into buck-
ets and having to be told 15-20 
times which country I'm from to 
get across the border. 

I am here to have 
four of the best 
years of my life, 
which Includes a lot 
of sports, alcohol 
ancl most Important-

Iy~ fun ••• Most of 
the "smart" people 
here would anal I 
me for being a .. stu-
pid" Communication 
major, but I'm the 
one who's going to 
bars on Tu .... ay 
nights and apendlng 
entire afternoons In 
the sun while 
they're fighting to 
find a good table at 
the library. 

That's when I had a moment of 
. clarity. I rea li zed that class had 

truly taken a back seat to just about 
everything in my life. 

For those who know me, they 
know that that should not have 
some kind of monumentous deci-
sion. I have never gone to class. 
Honestly, I was never the most 
ardent of students. I was always 
ready to be fat and lazy instead of 
going to class. There have been 
times when I'm walking into the 
door of a 25-I*son ~Ias~ and just 
decided that I wanted to go to the 
Padre game instead, so I just turned 
around and left. 

But now, class has taken a back-
seat even hy my standards, which is 
scary because they are prctty damn 
low. 

But I can rationalize my apathy 
by fi guring that it 's all worth it 
because I'm out of here in about 
seven weeks. But here is where I 
have my big problem. Bei ng a 
senior would be the closest thing to 
heaven if it wasn' t for thc finality 
of it all. In seven weeks I have to 
become a "real" person. Everyone 
says that once I graduat~ that I have 
to grow up. 

Weill say that sucks! It 's taken 
me almost four years to perfect 
bei ng a college student and now 
that I have finally figured a way to 
truly put class on the back burner, I 
have to leave soon. What a rip-off! 

Basically what I'm saying is 
that [ don 't want to leave college, 
but I don 't want to have class 
either. 1 ju t want to be a senior for-
ever. 

I'm sure my view is different 
from a lot of other seniors. I know a 
lot of people who are ready to get 
the hell out of Dodge. In other 
words, the faster they can grab their 
diploma, the better. I don 't know, I 
just don 't get that. Why do you 
want to grow up? [ don't see the fun 
of dealing wi th the bills, bureaucra-
cy and boredom of the real world. 
Half of the people who are graduat-
ing are doomed to 40 years of cubi -
cle hell ! I don' t know, I guess I'm 
just kind of weird for wanting to 
stay in a world of parties, intramur-
al sports and the abi lity to take the 
afternoon off at any time. 

Of course, the response to my 
argument is simple reality: Coach! 
You fat sloth! It is impossible to be 

hcre forever. Bei ng a senior is not a 
profession! 

OK, I know that argument. 1 am 
not so jaded that 1 have not taken 
fac:s like that into account ([' m rcal 
close, though). Let mc say this: I 
would rather be a middle class 
journalist that can work from home 
and travel a lot than si t in a lah or a 
cubiclc for 40 hours a week. 

Now, however, [ have come to a 
new realization. I have figured out 
a kind of middle ground. I am 
going to ditch Plan A. which was to 
just fail all my classes this quarter 
and Slay for a couple more. My 
new plan is to allow myself to 
graduate, then find some fifth-year 
students to li ve with . As for money, 
I wi ll live off of the cash I get for 
graduation as long as I can, then I'll 
probably go the 'starving writer 
who is a little down on his luck but 
is strangely irresistible' route. 

That way, I can still live the stu-
dent life, with no class. Which is all 
[ want in the first place. Now if [ 
can just convince someone that that 
is a marketable skill , I will truly 
never grow up. (No, Peter Pan 
jokes are not funny here.) 
SOLUTIONS 

lOO 
Celebrate the centennial of 
Duke Ellington 
with the UCSD Bookstore 
and Delta Entertainment. 

THE SUN GOD ISSUE. MAY 13TH IN THE GUARDIAN. 

Bf AN IDITOl! (ALL 534-6581 
Applications are due 4/30/99 by nooo. 



14 FEATURES The UCSD Guardian 

COSTA VERDE 
CENTER 

8650 GENESlE AVE. Su. 220 

F ASmON VALLEY 
CFMER . 

NEAl Sus FIFTH AVENUE 
(619,452-7374 (619,295-0537 
Brown Eyes fo Blue, ·Green, Hazel 

OLORED 
CONTACTS 

FreshLook colors with purchase of 2 boxes 
of clear FreshLook disposables. 

EXTENDED WEAR DISPOSABLE LENSES 

$99** $129** 
100 PAIRS PLUS EXAM 2 PAIRS B&L FW COMPLETE $229~:MPLETE "All speciols include lenses, p orn, eye<ore kil ond follow up yisil. ASligmoHc lenses higher. Nol yolid with ony other oller. • aile .. expire 6/30/99. 

«I_ ~' ...... _ .... 
--.-....... -~ .. -.-.. I !TJ-IL'I ~C::l" -, " 11 '!:/ 

Medical division of THE PRINCETON REVIEW 
Presents a Free MeAT & Med School Admissions Seminar: 

Beating the MCAT and 
Getting Into Med School 

It's Time to Get Serious About MEDICAL SCHOOL' 

Apri120 
6pm 
at the 

UCSD 
Med 

School 

AMSA, 
Co-Sponsored by: 

Alpha .Epsiion Delta, UCSD Health Professions Program 

80().2.1~E\rl E\\' \"\\'\".rc,,ie\\'.conl 619.558.0500 

Monday, April 19, 1999 

PSYCHO: 
Sex isn't a life 
altering experience 
CoIItIII ..... fro. ..... 12 
profoundly wrapped up in emotion-
al, social and health issues that we 
can't even begin to understand the 
role it plays in our lives. 

Sometimes my friends who 
have chosen to abstain ask me what 
it was like. They ask me if I'm glad 
that I waited even though "all my 
friends were doing it." They want 
to know if I regret it. They want me 
to tell them if it was as great as I'd 
hoped it would be. 

I'm honest with my friends and 
I'll be honest now. I am glad I wait-
ed until I found someone special 
and I don 't regret it. It was great 
eventually, after I got over that 
awkward and frightening "I can' t 
believe I'm naked'" phase. 

But it did not change my life the 
way I was led to believe. Having 
sex didn ' t make me wiser or more 
mature, like some character out of 
"Bold and Breathless Nights." It 
didn't make me feel more loved nor 
did it inspire any profound revela-
tions. I was sti ll the same, clueless 
person ... no closer to solving any 
of life's great mysteries. After years 
and years of reading about sex -
and consequently assuming it was 
the end-all-be-all of experiences -
I was disappointed that my life had-
n't changed much. 

In retrospect, I realize that the 
experience did have an impact on 
me, but in small, subtle ways. Only 
in bits and pieces did I begin to sep-
arate out the experience from the 
hype of my cultural education. I 
used to feel sorry for myself 
because I hadn' t had sex. Now it 's 
not the vi rgins that I pity, but peo-
ple who feel the need to be validat-
ed by their sex ual acts. . 

A friend of mine and I once 
argued about the pros and cons of 
waiting until marriage to have sex. 
I agreed with her that sex could be 
more meaningful in the context of a 
stable, loving relationship. Yet 
when she told me that her virginity 
was the "most precious gift" she 
could give her husband, I looked 
back to my Baja fantasies and 
shook my head. Sometimes sex is 
just sex. I think love is the "most 
precious gi ft." 

I haven 't tigured out the "fai ry-
tale ending" just yet, but I'll keep 
you posted. 

If you 've got tire answers to 
life's great mysteries, then .Iubmit 
them via e-mail 10 
mhiggins@ucsd.edu. We promise 
n(.lt to print YOllr real name if YO II 
.. kiss and tell . .. 

Nobody bas 
turned man 

application to 
bea 

(C(OlF1{ 
~1E~ 

)'eti~ 
tbe pt)8, all 

Monday, April 19, 1999 

ARENA 
What is the greatest U.S. 
domestic problem today? 
Interviews by Jessica Scheppmann 
Photography by Julius Chol 

"Too many kids being born 
into too many households 
that can' t support them. 
Kids who are growing up 
criminals are the ones 
being born into poverty 
and don ' t have enough for 
their family, and are being 
introduced to a life of 
crime." 

John Kurdziel 
Revelle Sophomore 

"Drugs. When J was in 
high school they had all of 
these programs talking 
about how there are bigger 
numbers of kids using 
drugs. Perhaps it's the 
television or the media, but 
today 's youth are not being 
raised the way they were a 
long time ago." 

Azra Mullc 
Muir Junior 

"[ don' t know. [' rn 
learning about that stuff 
right now. I donlt know. I 
can't really say what [ 
think. is a problem." 

John Benson 
SDSU Junior 

"I think the stock market 
prices have gone too high. 
I think that the government 
should regulate how much 
the internet stock should 
go up." 

Dennis Huang 
Warren Freshman 

"I think that there are too 
many problems, so it's 
hard to focus on one of 
them." 

Stefani. Un 
Warren Sophomore 

The UCSD Guardian FEATURES 15 

CROSSWORD By Edgar Fontaine 

(C) 1999 Tribune Media SerYices, Inc. 
All righls reserved. 

.-
1 Pathogen 
5 Fairy tale 
10 Fairy-tale monsters 
15 Victory signs 
19 Jal _ 

~~ ~t:i~,e~~~e 
22 Gardner of mysteries 
23 Jefferson's manSion 
25 Throat prob. 
26 Hoarfrost 
27 Type of cat or goat 

~ ~i~:';, llra~ph Hearst manSion 
32 Orew's capital 

~ ~~~:~ ~~~~; 
39 Make sound 
40 Cuts corners 
44 Penods 
45 Former Seahawks QB 
47 Subway stations 
50 Ashean School painter John 
51 ATM maker 
52 Virgil'S hero 
54 Act tesly 
56 End or • post? 
57 Paintbrushes 
59 .. _ Framed Roger Rabbit?" 

61 Dwarflike creature 
~~ ~ A~~~~Y JT' 
64 Steps 
67 Number one 
69 Cast off 

4118199 
TMSPuulesOaot.com 

71 Cornelius Vanderbilt's mansion 
73 Holiday lead-Ins 
74 Papeete resident 
76 Spuds 
77 Exist 
78 Guadalajara gold 
19 Great Mosque city 
81 Susan of "L.A. Law" 
82 Danny DeVito movie, "Get _. 
85 S. Amer. nation 
86 Heretofore 
88 Trims, as meat 
91 Part or USNA 
92 Turkish official 
94 Senator Thurmond 
96 Be bold 
97 First-class 
98 Bed linen 
100 Computer connection 
102 Hockey venues 
104 One who carries on 
107 Cowboy, at times 
108 Presley's mansion 
111 Toy perSOll 
113 Journalist ely 

117 Actress Solvino 

i~~ rgr;~r~~~~~a~!~ 
122 Dismounted g: ~c:c:~~r 
125 Bogus 
126 Beatty and Rorem 
127 Pairs 
128 Removes a cover 
129 Word in comparisons 

-1 
2 
3 
4 
5 
6 
7 
8 
9 
10 
11 
12 
13 
14 
15 
16 
17 
18 
24 
29 
31 
33 
35 
36 
37 
38 
41 
42 
43 
46 
48 
49 

' 52 
53 
55 
58 
60 
64 
65 
66 
68 
69 
70 
71 
72 
75 
77 
80 
82 
83 
84 
87 
89 
90 
93 
95 
97 
99 
101 
103 
105 
106 
108 
109 
110 
112 
114 
115 
116 
119 
121 

vasco da ......, 
CarOlina coflege 
Pealed 
Cell diVisions 
Concentrates 
Sue _ Langdon 
George Vanderbilt's mansion 
-'Nhatever _ Wants -
SuffiCient 
Switch POSitionS 
Is on harmonious terms 
Part of RFO 
Revise . 
Poisoned state 

:~fC,~~~ lake 
Tickle Me_ 
Spotted 
Modern Persia 

?u~:rO~~e1J.GA 
J.K. Galbraith's field 
Charlie Brown's exclamation 
Bears ' lairS 
Killer whale 
William K. Vanderbilt 's mansion 
Washington's manSion 
Modern Zoroastrian 
J.C . and Sammy 
Indian potentate 
Heavy breather 
Animal tr811s 
OOE's opponent 
T rollower? 
Guitar adjuncts. briefly 
City near Stockton 
Mountain nymph 
Allotments 
Lodger · 
Gorged 
Aircraft: pre' . 
Hoty.watcr basins 
Cleveland Indians coach Toby 
Stadium level 
Used push-buttons 
London stage 
ExpreSSions of delight 
Used a sub's weapons 
Precipitousness 
Armored vehicle 
Actor Montsnd 

r:~r~t f~~~c~anslon 
Exxon competitor 
Cool dudes 

t~~~:l~~~~s to Bertin 
Agured out 
Non _ (in moderation): mus. 
Great Barrier _ 
Mariah of music 
' _ Gay' 
Fed 
AgItate 
Parched 
-_ of Faith" 
Jacob' s first wife 
Panelist Chase 
Idyllic garden 
- M iniver" 
100 yrs. 

,SAn DIEGO srATE· unIVERSITY 
College of Extended Studies 



16 CLASSIFJEDS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 

April 19 - May 28 
at the Career Services Center 
Science & Biotech Week: 

4/26-4130 
Sales & Marketing Week: 

5/10-5114 
SIGN UP EARLY AT 

www-csc.ucsd.edulcscflSloncam.htm 
Open to graduating seniors & 

graduate students graduating by 
June 1999. 

THIS WEEK .. , 
at the CAREER 

SERVICES CENTER 
GRADUATE may IN AREA 

& CULTURAL STUDIES 
Mon., April 19, 2:30pm 
• • • • • • • • • • • • 

MBA: PREPARINa FOR 
AND APPLYING TO 
BUSINESS SCHOOL 

Fri., April 23, 2:30pm 
c ~ 'I:: 'I ~E~.: ~~'\ : ' .• ~ 'I 
" , 

' , . .. ", .. ", 

r:i ..... ~ : I :!.~ :JII 
*ROUND TRIP COURIER FARES. 
London $349 Sing $300 Hong Kong $389 
Chin. $360 Sydney $580 Bangkok $370 
~['=:['~'l a iiI'!!!I ~,! il !~ 
AI R C OU RI ER I_~TERN ATI ONAL 

1-800-298-1230 24 hr 

EUROPE S239 O/W ANYTIME IN 
1999. Hawaii $119, Carib/Mexico $189 
r/t Discount Fares Worldwide. 888-
AIRHITCH. www.airhitch .org (t~xes 

The UCSD Guardian 

CLASSIFIEDS 
The UCSD Guardian reserves the right to classify. edit. delete offensive words and 
phrases. ancUor reluse any and all advertisements without prior notification. The Advertiser 
will not hold the Guardian liable for any cla ims resulting from the publication of the 
advertisement. The publisher will also not be held accountable for any claim from an 
agreement made between the advertiser and the consumer. 
Copy should be reviewed by the advertiser for errors. In order to be corrected in the next 
regular issue , all errors must be reported by the corresponding deadline. Credit will only 
be given for the Incorrect portion 01 the advertisement. There are no refunds for cancellations. 
Pl ...... nd .11 corr.lpondenc. reg.rdlng Cle .. llI.d. to: 
UCSD Guardi.n, Attn: CI ... lfledl, 9500 GUm.n Drlv. '0316, L. Jolle, CA 92093. 
Actu.1 loulton: Student C.nt.r A, Room 217. 

additionat) (4/5-6/3) 

Multicultural Fraternity 
Pillars: 

Leadership • Academics 
Brotherhood • Muhi-cuhural Unily 

Looking for Founding Fathers 
emai: GInwnI PhI EpeIon Ohomalcom 

eal2B?-1T.1l 

The Episcopal Students Association 
meets every Wednesday from 5:00-
6:30 p.m. in the International Student 
Center Conference Room for 
communion, Christian dicussion, and 
free dinner. Students, faculty , and staff 
welcome. Call 534-6549 for information. 
(4/19) 

EVE N T S 
Vendor Fair: 4119-4123199, 9-5pm, 
Library Walk. Come check out our 
showcase of over 50 vendors! Posters, 
shoes, clothing, CD's & much more! 
Sponsored by Student Organizations 
& Leadership Opportunities (SOLO). 
For more info call 534·0501 . (4/15-19) 
Study Abroad Information Session for 
Australia and New Zealand. 
Wednesday, April 21 . 3:30 p.m. 
Intemational Center Conference Room. 
Questions? Call 534-1123. (4/19) 
Leadership Seminar : Conftict 
Resolution on 4/19/99 from 3-4 p.m. in 
Price Center Gallery B. Ever get mad at 
your roommate? Ever have an 

argument with your boy/girlfriend that 
created tension in the relationship? 
Ever wonder how to approach that 
difficult committee member? In this 
insightful and interactive course, you'll 
learn through discussion and role play 
effective ways to deal with contlict. 
Sponsored by SOLO. For more info 
call 534-0501 . (4/19) 
Leadership Seminar: Employment Law 
presented on 4/20/99 from 3-4p.m. in 
the Price Center Gallery B. For future 
students heading out into the workforce 
here is an opportunity to gain an edge! 
This workshop is twofold: to address a 
future employee and what you should. 
consider before accepting your job offer, 
and issues regarding the workplace. 
Recent case law and agencies that 
provide services will be discussed. 
Sponsored by SOLO. For more info 
call 534-0501. (4/19) 

EMPLOYMENT 
learn Bartending 

MALE , FEMALE MODELS. Our 
models have worked for Esquire 
Magazine, Skechers: Levi's, Estee 
Lauder, Coca Cola. Most ages OK! 
Beginner's OK! Great pay! Call- Otto 

Three Summer Sessions: 
I .................... June I-July 9 
II .......... ' ........ June 21-July 30 
III ................ July I2-August 20 

tI' Over 1,200 day and evening courses 
tI' No formal admission to CSULB required 

tI' Earn units toward your degree 

Call: (800) 963-2250 ext. 60001 
for your free bulletin! 

What's Hot? 
http://www.uces.csulb.edu/summer 

email: summer@uces.csulb.edu 

;>; -:') University College & 
~~:.. Extenston servites 

California State University, Long Beach 

Classified Line 
Ad Rates 

Studenta: S3 per 20 wordl 
Flcul!y • Staff: 54 per 20 wOrdl 

AU Otherl: SS per 20 wordl 
Advance payment is required. 

Classified Display 
Ad Rates 

59.00 per column inch 
Deadlines: 

Publication Dllt OIapily Ad. Lint Ad. 
Monday Noon ThurI. 3 pm Thur • . 
Thursday Noon Mon. 3 pm lion. 

1 (800)959-9301. (2/8-5/27) 
Sales/Marketing Internships-Earn 3-6 
K Working on your Campus Telephone 
Directory Excellent Advertising/Sales! 
PR experience. Call COLLEGE 
DIRECTORY PUBLISHING: 1-800-
466-2221 ext 233 . 
www.campusdirectory.com(2116-4/26) 
FUN SUMMER JOBS. Gain valuable 
experience working with children 
outdoors. We are looking for caring 
Summer Day Camp staff whose 
summer home is in or near the San 
Fernando or Conejo Valleys, Malibu, 
or Simi Valley. General Counselors & 
Specialists. Salaries range $2,1OQ. 
$3,200+. Call 818-865-6263 or go to 
www.workatcam .com (4/1-5/20) 
Catalina Island Summer 
Employment. Make money and meet 
new people working in Avalon, Catalina 
Island for the summer. We have 
positions available for friendly, 
outgoing, retail salespersons. Housing 
available. Send resume or application 
request to Bay Company P.O. Box 
1025, Avalon , CA. 90704. Or fax 
application request to (310) 510-2357. 
(4/1-29) 

Yoh Scientific needs: 
oChemists 

oBiochemists 
oMicrobiologists 

-Molecular Biologists 
oResearch Associates 

oLabTechnicians/Assistants 
-Chemical Engineers 
Fax (6 19)622-9048 

Phone (619)622-9005 

iH1!Il 
Being Fit Fitness Centers is hiring sales! 
trainers and experienced aerobic insV 
full or part time. Call 483-9294. (4/5-

1~ __ _ 
Are you LIGHT headed or of SOUND 
mind? Special event techs needed to 
work campus events with University 
Centers Tech Crew. No experience 
necessary, resume preferred. Must be 
registered student, have valid COL, 
ability to lift 75Ibs., work odd hours and 
long shifts, nights and weekends. 
Starting $8/hr. Apply @ EDNA in Price 
Center by April 30. (4/5-22) 
COME TO MAINEI Camp Takajo a 
boy's camp on Long Lake, Naples, 
Maine hiring staff. Don't miss this 
opportunity to work at one of the top 
camps in the country. June 22-August 
22. Transportation provided! Positions 
in Newspaper, Pioneering, Basketball, 
Baseball, Soccer, Tennis, Swimming, 
Sailing, Ceramics, Wookdworking, 
Archery , Riflery, Radio, Video , 
Canoeing, Secretary, Cooks. Call Mike 
Sherbun at 8OQ.25Q-82S2. (4/5-29) 

Robert A. Rees D.D.S. Cosmetic and Family Dentistry 
Soft and Gentle Dentistry 0 "We cater to the timid" 
All phases of Treatment Available: Cleanings/Exams, Non-Mercury Fillings, Crowns, 
Root Canals, Extractions, and Cosmetic Dentistry. We provide bleaching. too! 
Student Discounts Available. Insurance is Ac~epted . 

Call Us for an Appointment Today! 
7761 Herschel Ave. In Downtown La Jolla 

(619) ,.5,.-6181 Mon-Thurs 7am.2pm 
Check us out at: www.RobertReesDDS.com 

Monday. April 19, 1999 

We Pay Youl29 people needed to lose 
up to 30 Ibs. in 30 days. Doctor 
recommended. Call (619) 272-4985. 
(4/5-19) 
$1500 weekly potential mailing our 
circulars. No Experience Required. 
Free information packet. Call 202-452-
5940. (4/5-613) 
Job Openings I The Price Center & 
Student Center have immediate job 
openings. 56-$8 per hour. Morning, 
aftemoon, & evening shifts. Check out 
all the jobs and apply on line at 
www.theunlvensltycenters.ucsd.edu. 
Under "Employment". Or apply at 
EDNA in the Student Center. (4/12-19) 
MANAGE A BUSINESS ON YOUR 
CAMPUS Verslty.com an Internet 
notetaking company is looking for an 
entrepreneurial undergrad to run our 
business on your campus. Manage 
students , make tons of money, 
excellent opportunity! Apply online at 
http://www.versity .com. E-mail : 
jobs@versity.com, or' call 734-483-
1600 x. 888. (4/12-22) 

NEED CASH? WE DELIVER! 

Shift Managers 
Customer Service Reps 

Delivery Drivers 
Drivers can earn up 
to $121hr. Must be 
18, with a valid 
driver's license, 
insured vehicle, 
good driving record. 

Movie ushers, snackbar- Pacific's 
Town Square 141n the Clairemont Town 
Square. Free movies, flexi,?,e hours, 
must be motivated, have reliable 
transportation. Exlnt Advancement 
opps. Apply in person on SAT. at noon 
or MON. at 6:00 .m. (4/12-26) 
PART-TIME GARDEN HELP. $8 
HOUR, lDAYAWEEK.LEAVENAMEI 
TEL # AT 687-1908. (4/12-22) 
SUMMER PAINTING POSITIONS. 
ucs6 Housing Maintenance is hiring 
student painters for the summer to 
assist with prep. , painting and drywall 
repairs . Begin 6/14/99. Mon-Fri , 
7:30am-4:00pm $6.87lhour. Pick up 
application from Cyndi at 9224A 
Regents Roa<!:...l4/! 5-29) _ _ 
TELEMARKETING Searching for $ 
Hungry individuals, who have the gift to 
GAB. My top TM's are making over 
$32.50lhr. Guaranteed $7lhr. Both AM 
& PM shifts available. Call today :;tart 
right away. Call 619-577-2100. (4/15-
19) 
MECHANICAL DESIGN ENGINEER 
REMEC, Inc. is a high tech 
microelectronics company dedicated 
to teamwork and total cllstomer 
satisfaction, REMEC is currently 
seeking a qualified individual who will 
be responsible for all mechanical design 
aspects of RF microwave hybrid 
electronic component and subsystems 
packaging including: thermal and 
structural analysis, de!;ign development 
and prototyping, ",esignltesting of 
manufacturing support fixtures, metal 
fab support, hardwar.e integration and 
production support. Requires BSME 
degree or equivalent, entry level 
acceptable. Background in electronic 
packaging preferred. Candidate 
selected will be subject to a government 
security investigation and must meet 
eligibilty requirements for access to 
classified information. To submit 
resume, fax to (619) 569-7111 , email 
careers 0 remec.com or mail it to Attn: 

Monday, April 19, 1999 

JD/SDG, REMEC 9404 Chesapeake 
Dr., SO, CA92123. EOElAA. (4/15-26) 
Web Designers/ Programmers/ 
Online Marketers. PT, FT and 
internships available. Fax (619) 839-
3652 or e-mail jobs@ipstrategy.com 
(4/19-29) ______ _ 
Occasional childcare. Weekends and 
evenings for 4 and 6 year olds. Car and 
experience necessary. Call 793-0353/ 
leave message. (4/19-26) 
Make 53-S,OOO.'~O or more a month 
while you go u school. Explosive 
Internet business. Ur rlimited potential. 
Call (800)570-3231 ext. 5580. (4/19-
29) 

~f;'-
911glftsocom 

SOFTWARE ENGINEER 
Fasl growing e·commerce firm seel<s FT 
programmers. Compensation includes 
stocks options and competitive salary. 
Perl (COl Saipts), ClCH, HU4L, Java 

I Unix & RDBMS experience (Orade, SOl) Fax resum6 to 619-298-9882 or e-mail 
chlllg@911glfls.com. No calls. 

SUMMER CAMP is looking for the 
best staff around! Positions include: 
General Counselors and Instructors 
for Basketball, Roller Hockey, Softball, 
Volleyball , Golf, Tennis, Gymnastics, 
Lifeguards, Swimming, Sailing, Tech. 
Theater, Ropes Course, Ceramics, 
Jewelry, Wood, Photo, Macintosh 
Computers and MORE! Competitive 
salary. Room , board, and travel 
allowance. Our 73rd summer as a co-
ed resident camp in the Catskill 
Mountains of New York State. Join a 
great team and make a real difference 
in the lives of children. For application 
and information, please contact: 
Chipinaw P.O. Box 770096 Coral 
Springs, FL. 33077. Or call 1-800-
Chipinaw (244-7462). (4/19-22) 
Responsible and loving nanny needed 
in Del Mar. Must have experience with 
infants and young children. Provide 
references and own a car. Long-term 
commitment preferred. 30-40 hrs/week. 
Call 755-3024. (4/19-22) 
Babysitter Wanted. Carmel Valley 
family seeks a responsible babysitter 
for two young girts. Some weekdays 
and weekends. Carolann, 793-6812. 
(4/19-22) 
Part-TIme Dell Calhler. 5 days a week, 
Monday thru Friday 11-2. La Jolla, 
Contact Mary 455-1512 before 11 or 
after 3pm. (4115-10) 

ROOMMATES 
Need 2 roommates to share house 
with grads. 4.65 miles from school. Call 
for details. $285 + $2.65 Todd 622-
967,7. (4/15-22) 
Female roommate wanted. Room avail 
(6/1) in 3bd. condo. $420 + 1/3 utilities. 
Close to UCSD, UTC. Call Andrea or 
Linda 546-8866. (4/19-29) 

FOR RENT 
PRE-RENT your housing for summer 
or fall of99. Near UCSDIUTC area. We 
have 2-3-4 or 5 bedroom houses or 

condos. For information call 619-578-
4257. (3/29-4/29) 
Pacific Beach. Female to share 3 
bedroom condo. Own bathroom, 
parking. $430/month, 1/3 utilities, $430 
de osit. No pets. 581-9237. (4/12-22) 

FOR SALE 
HOME AUDIO SPEAKERS, 36 in., 
never been used. Built-in amplifier. 
$150/pair. OBO. Bo. 452-2512. (4/19-
29) 

VV ANT E D 
. Caucasian Research subjects 
reimbursed for interview. If you are a 
UCSD student, 21-25, call 552-8585 
x41 85 for more information. (1/11-6/3) 

WE'RE LOOKING FOR A 
FEW GOOD SPERM! Sperm 
donors needed. Ages 20-39.AII races. 

$50 per acceptable donation. Call 
OPTIONS National Fertility 

Registry (800)886-9373. 

EGG DONORS 
-ptAKE A DIffEREnCE" 
in couples lives that are longing to 

have a family. They need your special 
HELP. 

II you ere he.lthy and between 
111 .. 30 yrs old. 

Compensation is heartily given lor 
your time and ellort- $3ooo plus 

$150 for travel .xpen .... 
Please call 

CREATDIE COIlCEPTloo. me. 
1-888-1411-E888 

(' Ill;lil CCln(EQgs AOL (om 
web site CrCJtlve-Conceptlon net 

Volunteers paid $30.00 for interview. If 
you are entirely of Japanese or Korean 
descent, age 21-25, call 552-8585 x 
2182. (117-6/3) 
Jewish Research subjects reimbursed 
for interview. If you are a UCSD student, 
21-25, call 552-8585 x4185 for more 
information. (1/11-6/3) 
Give the miracle of life- Becoming an 
egg donor. Females between 21 & 31 , 
call (619) 673-0885. (Compensation 
for time, inconvenience) (2116-6/3) 

EGG DONORS NEEDED! 
Desperately wanted by infertile. hopeful 
parents. All races needed. Ages 21-30. 

Compensation $4.000. Please call 
OPTIONS Natlonat Fertility 

Registry (800)886-9373. 

Become an Egg Donor. Help make a 
couple's dream come true. Surrogate 
Parenting Services. (800)373-9525. (3/ 
11-6/1) 
ASIAN EGG DONOR NEEDED: 0 
blood type. Taiwanese, Korean, or 
Japanese preferred . Financially 
rewarding. Call Tara (619)449-9497. 
(3/29-4/29) 
Summer Sublet, condo, house, or apt., 
2 or 3 bedroom, UTC or La Jolla area, 
responsible, professional. (760) 353-
8861. (4/1 -28) 
GERMAN native speakers paid $1 0 for 
30 min. reaction time experiment .• 
Please contact Vikki at 534-8816 
(vbouck@psy.ucsd.edu)fordetails. (4/ 
5-22) 

"Special Couple" 
Needs Egg DOllor 

Vibrant, affluent couple seeks fantastic egg donor posses ing 
the following attributes: 5'5" or taller with Blond/Light Brown 

Hair and Blue, Green or Light Hazel Eyes. $6000.00 will 
compensate this 'pecial person for her time. 

Please call CREATIVE CONCEPTIONS, INC. at 
1-888-411-EGGS 

(Be sure to mention the ad you are calling about.), 

"",II: cclnc......,.cMl 

The UCSD Guardian 

UCSD ALLERGY STUDY: Subjects 
with current allergy symptoms to inhaled 
allergens (dust, grass, animals) needed 
as blood donors. Will be reimbursed 
$35 for blood donation. Contact 534-
2374. (4/8-19) 
DO YOU EXPERIENCE AN 
ASSOCIATION BETWEEN 
NUMBERS, LETTERS , AND 
COLORS? You might have 
synesthesia! The Brain & Perception 
lab of Prof. Ramachandran is seeking 
individuals who experience color 
synesthesia. If so, please contact us 
at: 534-7~07(4~-29) 
WANTED : 3 BEDROOM 
APARTMENT, CONDO , OR 
TOWNHOUSE TO RENT OR LEASE 
IN SEPTEMBER FORTHE 1999-2000 
SCHOOL YEAR. Preferably something 
in UCSO/UTC area and near bus lines. 
Call Melody or Liana at455-7827. (4/8-
6/3) 

SERVICES 

$24.95 color illk (illc/. 0113 colors) 
AU makes alld models. 

888· 792·0345 
(M·F 9 to 6) 

MIMIMI. com 

NEED A TUTOR? SUCCESS Tutoring 
Services. Hundreds of tutors available 
for all subjects, reasonable rates (619) 
51-TUTOR (619)518-8867 http:// 
welcome.to/tutor (3/8-4/26) 
PERSONAL INJURY? Let 
experienced attorneys and UCSD 
alumni recover big money for you. 
Contact Brett Peterson at 232-1 826 or 
Bauhaus83@Yahoo.com (4/19) 
Passport Photos, $6.95. Color Copies, 
75e, with 10. CAL COPY (619) 452-

9949. La Jolla Village Square. (next to 
Tower.Becords). (4/19-6/3) 

Speedy Research 
Reports: 56.00 per paga. 

Over 50,000 topics & clippings. 
Materials for research 
8ssistance use onlyl 

6546 Hollywood Bl vd. 
2nd floor, RM 209 

Los Angelcs, CA 90028 
Hlllm; Mon·Fri . 10:303.01.·6 p.m. 

SalUrdays II a.rn.-4 p.m. 
Custom Research Available 

VisalMc/AmerEx 
CIII toda,! 1·800·356·9001 

LOST & FOUND 
Missing: Compaq 12351aptop computer 
from Black Hall/ Warren Apartments on 
Sunday, March 7th. Reward for its return 
or information leading to its retum. Call 
455-7827 or e-ma il: 
Stars91913@aol.com (4/12·6/3) 

CLASSIFrEDS 17 

PERSONALS 
CLAUSTROPHOBIA can be helped, 
free treatment as part of a clinical study-
no drugs. For information call (619) 
457-3900. (4/8-19) 
The Ocean Awareness Club apologizes 
for any promotions that were 
"distastefuL" We were not responsible 
for last week's dis usting fliers. (4/19) 
Excuse me Dennis, but I believe I 
ordered fries with this meal. (4/19) 
Darryl Strawberry temperature reading. 
Hot: beating cancer, almost in shape to 
return to Yanks; Not: hookers and blow 
rehab program, his 17-year major 
league career. (4/19) 
Pam Anderson and her breast implants 
have agreed on an amicable parting. 
The breasts have retained the services 
of the William Morris Talent Agency. 
(4/19) ____ _ 

C.heap tiL~et5 . ~reat adviLe. NiLe peop\e. 

Discover Australia 
MILLENNIUM PACKAGES: 

Sydney 2000 Olympics, 16 day tour, 
FL Y FREE- $2545. pip. See the 
rainforest & the great barrier reef, 
LAX to Sydney on Air New Zealand, 
rate based on double occupancy. 
1999 dates also available: 
05/14,06/04,06/25,07/02, 07/16, 
07/23,07/30,08/13,09/10 

In-hou.e Au .. le Specialist 
Tour, bus, hostel & airpass options. 
Contiki Diving Adventure Packages or 
Skiing in New-Zealand ... call and ask 
for Claire, our Australian Specialist 

SAMPLE FARES FROM 
-LOS ANGELES: 

.Auckland $788 

.Sydney $859 

.Melbourne $859 

.Calms $931 
• Perth $1381 

UCSD Price Center 
.m.lI: CouncIlLaJolI •• clee.or, 
(619) 452-0630 

i663 
"1~UlnCl trip flight. 

* :aD-ea a.y Eurallne. 

T_not 
Eurolines passes available separatley from~!!!:~:!1 

,worldtravellinl<s, UNLIMITED t:r.v.1 p •••• 
* Farry X·lng •• nd t:ranafer. 
1t All I:r.vel aa.a when 

u.lng t:he nat:wark. 
*V.lld In 48 Cit I •• 

FREE TEE WHITENING 
FDA Approved Whitening • Dentilt SUIPervlileci.":> 
limit 1 per household. Valid after completion of an exam, 
necessary Xrays, simple cleaning (in absence of periodintol disease) at regular lees. r _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ "'I 

Inll1l1ut,ed? You mLL. SAVE $350! I Problem Dentures or Missing Teeth? I 

I $300 OFF : 
Implant Procedure _ 
CALL NOW! 

New pollenlS onlv Exp 5/3199 -

-----------.1 GENERAL AND COSMETIC 
DENTISTRY & IMPLANTS 

OF LA JOLLA 
Serving San Diego over 15 years Member ADA, CDA, SDCDS 

Plea~ 'Call Today For Your FREE Consultation 

/'·546-0100 ~99 University Center Ln . Ste 190 
Across from the Hyatt Aventine 



18 SPORTS 

2 Wins, 2 Losses 
50/50: UCSD beats Colorado College, falls to CMC 
By Kevin Byrne 
Staff Writer 

The UCS D softball team has 
heen husy thi s past week playing 
two doubleheaders over the course 
of three days. 

Most recently. the Tritons 
were upset in both games 
of a doubleheader 

beller luck earlier in the 
week as they took both 
games in their doub leheader 
agai nst Colorado College, 5-2 and 
8-5. 

The first game of two agai nst 
Claremont College was a defensive 
duel as both learns only allowed 
three hits. The only run was scored 
by Claremont in the th ird inning. as 
two of the team's three hits came at 
an ideal time. UCSD's Leea Harlan 
was on the mound. and gave up 
on ly one run on three hits while 
pitching a complete game. Harlan 
managed to stri ke out four bailers 
in the game. 

Kristina Anderson. Michelle 
Wilson and Cynthia Sam each had 
one hit fo r the Tri tons, but no 
offense could be mustered to score 
any runs. 

The second game was also 
evenly matched. Harlan pi tched a 
complete game, going all seven 
innings and givi ng up one unearned 
run and scallel ing five hits. 

However. the Tritons could not 
get any offense going as the team 's 

five hits were few and far between. 
Wilson and Christina Scaring led 
the only offense that the Tri tons put 
forth . going 2 for 3 from the plate. 
Harlan was the on ly other team 
member to get a hit as the Tri tons 

were blanked 1-0. 
The Tri tons had pre-

viously improved their 
record to 20-9 after 
wi nni ng both games 
of a doubleheader 

agai nst Colorado 
College. 

Samantha Hayes pitched a 
beautiful game, giving up two runs 
(one unearned) and two hits. Hayes 
also struck out five batters in seven 
innings. Hayes was hard at work 
off the mound as well. She drove in 
Wil on for the fi rst run of the game 
in the second inning. 

The Triton bats were not done 
after Hayes second inning RBI , and 
two more runs were tacked on in 
the later innings. making the fi nal 
score 5-2. 

The second game of the double-
header went we ll for the Tritons, as 
All ison Jacobs struck out three bat-
ters and pitched a complete game 
for the win. The Tritons shot past 
Colorado College, 8-5. 

Harlan led the way wi th three 
RBis and also scored twice, going 2-
4 in the game. Searing also went 2-4. 
scoring once and getting an RBI. 

The Tritons arc current ly 
preparing to end regular season 
play and are gett ing geared up for 
the playoffs. 

The UCSD Guardian 

POLO: 
Strong defense 
fuel s latest win 
Continued from page 20 
inevitable that the Tritons wou ld 
increase their lead in the second 
hair. 

The Tri tons did increase their 
lead in the second ha lf, but 
defense was the real story. While 
the Tritons Inanaged to get one 
goal on the board in the th ird quar-
ter, it was thei r defense that rea lly 
took charge. 

"We played good defense," 
assistant coach Larry Sanders 
said . 

Maryam Hadiashar had anoth-
er "good" day in front of the cage 
for the Tritons, and racked up a 
number of saves. After two early 
fi rst quarter goals, Hadiashar was 
pract ically unbeatable. 

Walli s, Burch, Irwin, Smith 
and Erin Welsh also stepped 
things up defen~ i ve l y for the 
Tritons. The crew created a bunch 
of turnovers and kept the Lions 

VBALL: 
Tritons bid farewell 
to seniors 
Continued from page 20 
lost before they have started. 

"It 's difficult for sure to have a 
season like thi ," Stevenson said . 
"Sometimes you have to get grati -
fication out of di ffe rent goals" 

One goal of the Tritons surely 
aim fo r is to play their bcst and 
many of them have come close. 
Jeffcoat has had a great all -around 

fro m shooting often times, making 
Hadiashar's job a lot easier. 

While the Tritons had a com-
mendable game agai nst LMU, 
both Harpe r and Sanders said 
there is still some work to be 
done. 

"Our counter-allack has really 
improved. but we ' re still strug-
gling a bi t with the six on fives," 
Harper said. 

Sanders agreed. 
"We didn' t capitalize on a lot 

of man-up opportunities," Sanders 
said. "It was a little frustrating fo r 
us." 

Frustrations as ide, the Tritons 
have been on the path of improve-
ment all season long, and wi th 
practica lly all of its roster healthy 
and back in act ion on Saturday, 

Monday, April 19, 1999 

the team seems to be peaking just 
in time for the postseason. 

Held thi s Friday and Saturday 
at Canyon View pool. the Western 
Quali ficati on-Southern Section 
Tournament wi ll be the deciding 
factor between whether or not the 
Tritons will advance to the USA 
Collegiate Nationals held at UC 
Davis on May 7-9. 

The competition at the western 
qualifiers - UC Santa Barbara, 
UCLA, USC, San Diego State, 
Long Beach State and LMU -
will be nothing new for the 
Tritons. The Tritons have faced all 
of the e schools prev iously this 
season, and all the games have 
been close . Thi s time around 
pr<tmises to be no different - the 
games will be hard-rought. 

alEDOlffilill APRIL. 1 nH VS. LMU 
.1 
2 
o 

2 3 
1 0 
4 1 

of 
1 
2 

To'''' 4 
7 

Emma Kudritzkl: 3 lOals. ~. , 
H. Smith, J. Irwin, M. Wallis, D. Burch: 1 goal each 

stati stica l season while 
Seekington has been the glue for a 
squad that constantly needs to 
rebound fro m losses. Hite and 
transfer student Chen have had 
plenty of game experience that 
will surely help them next season. 
This season has laid the ground-
work for future successes · and 
Stevenson has big plans. 

"While the athletic department 
is Di vision Hi," he said, "the only 
way to be a [men's volleyball] 
head coach ill UCSD is to treat it 
like it 's Di vision I. [ can't give 

money and [ can't do some other 
things, but [ can train my players 
and try to outfit my players the 
way other elite programs do." 

So it seems that despite all the 
losses, UCSD really is better off by 
being in the MPSF and using the 
"anytime, anywhere" philosophy. 

"The best way to bui Id the pro-
gram up is with entirely Di vision I 
opponents," Stevenson said. "The 
biggest goa l thi s year was to 
steadily improve and I think our 
team did that. " 

Next year should be even beller. 

MAJORS, MINORS, AND 
INTER.ESTED STUDENTS 

SER'll'S UesD FOR 17 YEARS! 

overseas 
Automotive Repair 
••••• d Featuring 

THEHONORSPROCRAM 
History majors, minors, and irlterested students are 
C1Z cOflraged to come to an informati01lal meetirlg about the 
undergradll ate program in history featuring a panel 
disctmion with UCSD History Honors students. Panelists 
will talk abO/It their Honors Program experiences, and n)ill 
be available to anslJler YOllr questi01lS. In addition, Professor 
David Gutierrez will disctlss the Honors Seminar, and 
Professor David Lllft will talk about the nenl historiography 
seminar, ((History a11d Historia1lS," which will be offered 
next year. 
Faculty and staff will be available to answer YOl1r questions, 
so drop in to the Price Center, SMI Francisco/ Santa Crllz 
Room, any time between 4:30 and 6:00 alld bring YOllr 
questio1lS and sttggestiorH for improving the program! 
Refreshme1lts will be served. 

SEE YOU ON TUESDAY, 20 API\IL 1999! 

4:30-6:00pm . Price GCIlter • Sa1z Frallcisco/ Santa Gmz Room 
I I ~.. ' . '. ~ .:'ir ,'l \ if'l( •• ' 'r "" \ 

- w ... " 

TOWN MEETINC 

Oil Change ~ $1595 , Minor $29' 35-p~ . Majo.r $69 ' SEE Safety Checko•, - Tune-Up onl, _ Service Dn" ._ 
FMiiUMt.tJ.li·9.\iihi.§U'J.t.W"'''IUf·'Umili.r.WmJiiiMUWMiiMn'it4.\d1IF r-----
I Minor Tune UP ...... 1111111 Special -
lour tune ufJ includes /J tot more Reg. $55 

I thlln others. It includes: . 1. NEW Spark plugs 7. Check brakes 

FREE Im~or W ~ 1!.!UI 
------j ...... 12 Check oistribulor points 8 Check clulch I 1 In'lOlllronl pad, or rur sooes _I 3. Check Distributor 9 Check IlgIlls I( 2 Dram old brake flUid 

I condensor 10 Check undercamage I J Inspeci hydraulic ,yslem • I 4. Adlusl liming for damage I( 4 Refill hydraulic flUid • • , I 5 Check andreplenlsl> 11 Check cooling syslem I S' Bleed brake syslem • • • I 
all fluid and Otllevels & hoses I( 6 Adlu'llron1\lf ,hoes I andrurshoes 

r:.g:~ffit-M~j;;ie;vr~;t,·d,lelll'I ...... ~r -
I Special 
IExtr. for fue/lnjected cars. Our major service inctudes: Rig. $150 I I 

t N",sp .. k~ug, 12 A~USldwe"ngi. 14lub.~onl.nd V 0-1 
I 2 N.·. Ar Ijl.. 13 Adju.1 ",bIr.l.. 15 Check I .. loose nulS & bolt. I I I 3 N""HhOf 14 Adjuaar·lo-luelr".mlX'lt. 16 ChectiljllS """"-Change 
14Ch.ng .. ngll\' ~1 15 Ch.cksr."og 17 Check undercwn.ge I .. d.m.ge I r.-w I 5 New Iu~ I~er 16 ChICk ciJtdl 18 Check and rech .. g. ban .. , " _ & 
16 Ch.el: dlwlbutcr POInts 17 A~ust dutch 29 ROlate titS I' ""oed) 7 Ch.cl:distnbul .. conden... 18Checkbr.tes 30 Checklrepres",. I 20 po.-nt I 

8 Comp"esslOOlesl 19 Aqusltnbs 31 lubedocrhl1ges -19 VaI' .. djuSlm ... " ....... j 10 Adju".m"g,"qlr.k. 31 Check.llh'~... I Safety Check I 
10 New valve cover gasket 21 ChId: & replenISh all fluid levels 33 Check toohng syslem & hoses 

I ,..· .. · ... ""'1 11 Checkand.~u~"p"'dbtl!s 34 Ch.ct"h,uslSy.ltm I Spec-.al I II Adjusillming 23 Check elec •• ~ luses 35 Ro.d 1,,1 a.:.0te: Enra for 6-cylinder, s..cylinder. and platinum ptugs. ..J ~ 
~o:I:ClutchJ: 1ftmTi;.~; BeH 5;edal ..•• 11 New pressure plate 4 New PIIOI ~ ________ _ 

2. New Clu'ch Disk 5 Change Iranomisslon 011 Extended Warranty 13 New Throwoul beanng 6.Road lesl 1 
NoI.: Hydfoulic pons . re noI cOYtred. Not fo,'WO. FlO", WI1ee' 15 30 45 60 75 t "OK s . I drive . "ro. I , , , , , .(,( :I) ervlce ~-------- .. 'Most cafS. Wilh this ad . Expires 5/3/99 . OYlB.IS Auto 8008·8 MII.ma, Rd. 

Brand new part • . Ask aboul our specials on engines. * 
All our work ha. a 2-y.ar or 20,OOG-mlle limited warranty. 

'oiirriias ® · :. .':'." Automotive Repair ' 8008-8 Miramar Road. 
••••• '1 695-1 990 

Exet"',j,''''"",ell frDIII Slt/sfl. ellS'D""". C,II for '~n~=~~~ 

Monday, April 19, 1999 The UCSD Guardian 

Tritons Are. Chapped by Panthers 
ROUGH: UCSD falls to Chapman once again despite Gherini 's good outing 
By Brian Welles 
Staff Writer 

Rap art ist DMX has his version 
of "Hell is Hot" and after play ing 
Chapman Uni versi ty three time 
thi s season, the UCS D baseball 
team has its version of hell too -
scorching hot I 

And we don' t mean hot in the 
sense of hav ing put together a win-
ning streak over Chapman 
Uni versity from Orange County, 
but rather the unpleasant taste of 
hot, acrid "orange" juice in the 
form of a third defeat this season at 
the hands of UCSD's Di vision III 
Independent ri val. The weekend 's 
weather wasn' t the only indicator 
that it was hell outside. 

Chapman pulled another one 
out at Triton field in a 3-2 edging of 
UCSD in II innings on Saturday, 
handing the Tritons their fifth loss 
in six games. It is the 28-2 Panthers 
who have the juice now by beating 
UCSD, whose record now stands at 
15- 14. 

The Chapman loss marked 
UCSD's second defeat in as many 
days. On Friday, UCSD was also 
defeated by The Master's College, 
15-4. 

Triton pitcher John Gherini can 
be the first to allest to the trials 
and tribulations involving 
the UCSD Tritons in 
pitching duels this sea-
son. Gherini pitched a 
solid IO-plus innings, 
but opposing Chapman 
starter Jeff B litstein did 
too. Each pitcher also gave up 
only eight hits, but Blitstein gave 
up one less run, which was the dif-
ference in the ball game. 

After the Panthers got a run off 
Gherini in the first on Saturday, 
the Tritons came up in the bOllom 

GRETZKY: 
The unbelieveable 
Canadian kid 
ContInued from ..... 20 
Gretzky had 1,963 career assists. 
That's an unbelievable stat , but 
there is a feeling beneath it. Try 
and imagine how it feels to score a 
goal in the National Hockey 
League. . Imagine yourse lf a 
Canadian kid skating in front of 16 
thousand countrymen who love 

Are YOU 
interested in 
working for a 
college 
newspaper? 

Do you check the 
grammar in your friends ' 

essays? Become a 
Copy Reader for 

The UCSD Guardian. 
Stop by the Guardian office 
in the Old Student Center 
with a resume and fill out 
an application . 

GUARdiAN 

Lisa Huff/ Guardian 
Trottln': UCSO's Todd Sherwin beats Chapman 's catcher to the 
plate in the fifth inning for the Tritons ' first run of the game. 

of the fifth with a lead-off single 
by Jess Warrington. Todd Sherwin 
was hit by a pitch and then 

Warrington ad vanced to 
third on a fa iled pickoff 

allempl. Kenny 
Fluharty singled home 
both men and UCSD 
grabbed a 2- 1 lead. 

But in the top of the 
ninth, Chapman got to 

Gherini. Designated-hiller Pat 
Stevens led off the inning with a 
double to left center and from there 
the Panthers chalked up two walks, 
a bunt, and a sacrifice fly -out to 
center by second-baseman Mall 
Barcellona. which drove in the 

the sport you play so much they 
use it to get through life. You skate 
around and find yoursel f in front 
of the crease and next thing you 
know, you wrist a puck into a wide 
open net. A foghorn goes off and 
those sixteen thousand drunken 
Canadians roar and scream. A chill 
ri ses up your spine. your hands go 
up in the air and tea mates rush to 
hug you . Pointing at you from 
across the ice is Wayne Gretzky. 
He got you the goal. He worked 
the puck past the defense, he 

winner. 
Saturday'S game might remind 

you of Gherini 's showdown wi th 
Gregory Belson of Montclai r SI. 
(N.J.) on March 10 in which Gherini 
went all nine, gave up only a run, but 
lost the game 1-0. Similarly, Gherini 
came out on the short end back on 
April 10 against Cal Lutheran after 
going eight innings and giving up a 
run only to suffer the loss. Despite 
the unfortunate results of his outings, 
he is tops among UCSD starters with 
a 2.92 ERA. 

The Tritons will pick up the 
pieces from Saturday's game and 
travel to Claremont for a game on 
Tuesday. . 

found you from across the ice, and 
the puck came in soft and fl at, and 
all you did was put your stick on 
it. But it 's your goal. 

The happiness is everyone's -
the team's, the fan s watching, lis-
tening, reading about it in tomor-
row 's paper, but the happiness is 
yours most i ntensel y. It is your 
goal. It is your happiness. Gretzky 
gave it to yotl . He gave it out 
1,963 times. 

Ed note: We all like Wayne. 
He's tire Tony Hawk of Ice Hockey 

Eye Exam ~I~sses $2900 Reg. $44 
Contact lenses extra. 

Not valid with any other offer. 

7 . Daily Wear Contact 
Lenses 

SPORTS 19 

:Copies Passport Color Copies: 13(: 8 1/2 x 11 Photos 65 I I white $ 95 2 ~ I I paper 6 pictures .. 8 1(2 )( 11 I 
I All offers expire 5/ 3/ 99 I 
I Attention Instructors: "We Do Course Packets" I 
: :: ~II:'V~~ ~u.:::e..: ~52 ::J~la~i~g.:. D.:, !t~~:.9JJ!t~! 
International Studies Abroad· (800) 580-8826 

Spain 
France 
Argentina 

Chile 
Costa Rica 

Australia 
New Zealand 

http://www.studlesabrood.com 

Darwinism: Fit to Survive in 
the 21st Century? 

Dr. Phillip Johnson, Professor of Law at 
UC Berkeley, speaks on: 

"The Evolution Controversies: The Players, 
The Issues, and What's Going to Happen Next. " 

Thursday, April 22, 7:30-9:30pm 
Price Center Ballroom 

FREE'. Sponsored by UCSD Intervarsi ty Chri stian Fellowship and Campus Crusade for Christ 

Sk"'~, 1''' ,0 fo Ek .... Op~ 
fo ... f~ J..i.s~07· · · 

w~~ /',.".. Si.)(~. 
For now, I'll snorkel 1200 miles of coral reef. Hike a Tasmania'n trail. 
Or, maybe I'll hang in a Melbourne pub with some cruisy Aussies. 

Then again, I could balloon over the Red Centre. Australia is the land 
of the free; free to do whatever I choose. Aussie Escape Packages 

including air, coach pass and extras start as low as $995 *. 
Iv frw 

25% off 
ANY complete 
pair of glasses 

For example: CALVIN KLEIN #246 
Frame $179.00 
Plastic Lenses + $49.00 

= $228.00 
Discount - $57.00 

$171,00 

., 

.. 

,-



20 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian Monday, April 19, 1999 

..,..." 110. ...,.. ,. 
,....,,., ......... 

- Abe Lemmons 
Texas basketball coach. 

when asked if he JOgs PORTS 
Between 
the Pipes 
Jaime Leonard 
The Great One Is 
Definitely the Best 

Does 1,963 sOLl//{j right ? 
0, that must be tOial poi nts. 

No, 2,857 is his total poillfs. 
Oh my god. 
Wayne Gretzky was a sports 

god - he was simply "The 
Great One" . 

I've wrillen love lellers and 
college exam and statements of 
purpose. I've kept journal and 
wri llen plays and even some 
droopy poems and let people 
read them, all of them, without 
fear of consequence. Trying in 
one shot to write about Wayne 
Gretzky is the single most 
intimidating task UCSD ever 
afforded me. 

Early Sunday morning I 
woke up in my friend 's laundry 
pile. By the end of the day, the 
greatrst hockey career of all 
time was over. When asked 
why his goa l numbers began to 
fall off in the late 80s, Gretzky 
replied that he had learned it 
wasn't port manlike to contin-
ue scoring when his team was 
up by live or six goals. 

Some maintain that 
Gretzky 's numbers are inflated, 
that he played in an era of free-
whee ling hockey in which goals 
and assists came at a more fre-
netic pace. Well , this is true, but 
the whole reason the game 
changed was because Gretzky 
was playing il. Babe Ruth best-
ed the previous home run record 
by 37 blasts, and suddenly the 
home run became parl of base-
ball. Wayne Gretzky got on the 
ice and suddenly seven goals a 
game was no longer a problem. 

Others will tell you that 
Gretzky wasn't a hard nosed 
defenseman, and couldn ' t play 
on both ends of the icc. Allow 
me to retorl. Does it reall y mat-
ter how you play defense if the 
other team never has the puck? 

In the history of the HL, 
there have been only eight sea-
sons when a player other than 
Gretzky recorded more than 150 
points (players recieve points 
for both goals and assists). 
Gretzky went over 150 nine 
times. Oh yeah, Gretzky also 
went over 200 four different 
times 0 one else has ever had 
200 poi nts once. 

Chris Chelios, a defensemen 
who may be the best American-
born hockey player of all time: 
once thought he had Gretz 
sealed off for sure but the Great 
One si mply passed him the puck 
and then proceeded to take it 
away from him and score. 

Yet he was more than a 
scorer - Gretz was a giver. 
He has more assist than any 
one el e has total points. 
Gordie Howe, is second in the 

HL with 1,809 career points. 
When he retired yesterday, 

See 8MTZKY, Page 19 

8UILDING~~~FUTU E 
A long) hard season finally ends) but not without groundwork to build on 

By Jake Gordon 
Sports Editor 

One strategy used by collegiate 
athletic programs is the "anytime, 
anywhere" philosophy. When a 
smaller program is looki ng to gai n 
recognition and build a reputation, 
it asks to play bigger college pow-
erhouse programs "anytime and 
anywhere" they choose. Although 
the result is usually a big loss for 
the smaller schoo l. the exposure 
and the chance to play agai nst elite 
competition outweigh the blemish 
on their overall record. Eventually, 
the smaller chool may even wi n 
one or two of these seemingly 
unwinnablc contests. Enough of 
the e small succes es can lead to 
beller recruiting and larger alumni 
uppon. By slowly building the 

program up this way, the small 
school may eventually find itself a 
collegiate powerhouse. 

At UCSD, there is at least one 
team that seems to abide by this 
philosophy: the Triton rnen's vol-
leyball team. Never one to back 
down from a challenge, this intre-
pid Di vi ion III squadron is a mem-
ber of the Mountain Paci fic Sports 
Federation (MPSF), a collection bf 
the best Division I teams in the 
nation. Needless to say, its partici -
pation in the MPSF leads to many 
lopsided victories for its oppo-
nents. Yet every loss is seemingly 
good for the program because the 
players play the very best in col-
lege vo lleyball and gain exposure 
for UCSD. Still, don ' t try telling 
that to this year's vo lleyball play-
ers. 

In non-federation play, the 
Tritons have a healthy 4-1 record 
and handil y beat University of La 
Veme, their D-lII rival , near the 
end of the season. Still. the Tritons 
were somehow passed over in 
favor of the Leopards for the 
Division III In vitationa l 
Championships because La Verne 

Lisa Huff/Guardian 
Rec:o ... ltlon: Seniors on the UCSD men 's volleyball team are applauded by Triton fans in their last 
game ever in RIMAC Arena. The Tritons lost to NO.2-ranked Long Beach State in three games. 
had more wins in Division III . fairly typical of our season. They tallied eight kills. Middle blocker 

So with no postseason looming, were the second-best team in the Jeffcoat had 10 kills with an excel-
a long season came to a close nation so they were very strong." lent .500 hitting percentage. It was 
Saturday night in RIMAe Arena. It True enough, the match against also a show for next year's seniors 
was Senior Night and many hoped Long Beach State had the familiar as juniors Zack Hite and Donald 
to end the seniors out with theme: Play hard against a Chen combined for 20 kills. UCSD 
a victory. There are no Division I opponent and . played its game. The loss was sim-
easy matches lose. ply a result of the scheduling, not 
for UCSD how- U C S D any fault of the Tritons own. 
ever and the No. played well the With the loss to Long Beach, the 
2 ranked team in whole way, but Tritons ended the year with a 5-20 
the nation, Long Beach simply couldn't match record, finishing ()..19 in the MPSF. 
State, was in town. Long Beach's sheer athleti- It has been an arduous road for 
Thoroughly overmatched, the cism. Appropriately, the Tritons Stevenson who is in his first year as 
Tritons lost 15-7, 15-4, 15-5. were led by seniors Kurt head coach ofa programjn a unique 

"To orne degree, it was disap- Seckington, Bill Sinclair and situation. Coming in, it's hard to 
pointing ," Head Coach Jon Devon Jeffcoat. Setter Seckington prepare for all the games that seem 
Stevenson said. "Yet it was a match recording 43 assists while Sinclair See V.ALL, Page 18 

Tritons Take Down LMU Uons r;--y .. jjU';b~l1~l 
SECONDS: Four second quarter goals take UCSD over the top, 7-4 
By John Maynard 
Sports Editor 

If there 's one thing to be said 
about this year's women 's water 
polo team, it 's that the Tritons are 
not afrai d to make things 
interesting. Three of their 
last six games have 
been decided in 
overt ime, and 
one of them -
last Wednesday's battle 
with San Diego State -
tumed into a marathon of a match, 
lasting through four overtime peri-
ods. 

But on Saturday, the Tritons 
were not going to play that way. 
Head Coach Denny Harper' squad 
wanted to beat Loyola Marymount 
Uni versi ty with authority - a feat 
it was unable to accomplish in the 

team's last duel in which the 
Tritons needed an overtime period 
to beat the Lions. 

Fonunately everything clicked 
for UeSD on Saturday, and the 

Tritons took home a decisive 
7-4 win against a strong 

LMU squad, 
improving their 
record to 10-12 
on the season. 

Freshman Emma 
Kudritzki , who put three shots 

past the Lions' keeper, was the 
Tritons' leading goal scorer. Hilary 
Smith, Jenny Irwin, Megan Wallis 
and Dara Burch added one goal 
apiece to UeSD's total. 

Though the Tritons were not 
lacking in offense by the end of the 
game, Harper said it took a quarter 
for the Triton attack to get its offen-

sive juices nowing. 
"We got off to a sluggish start," 

Harper said, commenting on the 
Tritons' 0-2 fir t-quarter deficit , 
"but we rebounded and got it 
going." 

Despite giving up two early 
goals to No. 15 LMU, the Tritons 
bounced back in the second quarter 
and put 4 goals in the back of the 
cage. 

These goals, matched by only I 
goal from LMU, gave the Tritons a 
4-3 lead at the half. 

After a halftime show from two 
members of UCSD's men 's water 
polo team, who fired-up the rau-
cous Triton crowd with a stellar 
cheer and a tandem "nying squir-
rel" and "cannon baJl" act from the 
Canyon View high-dive, it was 

See POLO, Page 18 

~ --'-----... --- -'- .:;;; =- '-1 
_. 

~.-"- : 


