
Elsewhere 
On-campus Students 
Prone to Meningitis 
CAMBRIDGE, Mass. -
College studen ts livi ng on 
campus are three times more 
likely to develop hacterial 
I~lenin gi ti s than people their 
age who do not attend col-

. lege, a study in last 
Wed nesday's issue of the 
Journal of the American 
Medical Association concl ud-
ed. Although the researchers 
did not look into the causes 
of the higher risk, the stody 's 
principal in ves tigator, Dr. 
Lee Harri son. sa id causes 
may include crowded living 
quarters and possihl y smok-
ing and drinking. He added 
that symptoms include fever, 
chills, headache, rash. a stiff 
neck and a sense of con fu -
sion. Harri son said that while 
the virus is usually fatal 
without treatment, studellts 
can be vacci nated against the 
disease. 

- Harvard Crimson 

Dartmouth Housing 
Overcrowded 
HANOV ER. .H. - More 
than 125 students are current-
lyon the wait list for housing 
next fall term. but Director of 
Housing Services Lynn 
Rosenblum said she is "cau-
tiously optimisti c" that most 
students will get housing. Last 
year's incoming class had 
considerahl y more students 
than the Office of Res idential 
Life had planned for. result ing 
in the placement of some stu-
dents in lounges converted 
into rooms. This year's hous-
ing wait li st is smaller than in 
years past. Several years ago. 
the wai t list had 400 students. 

- The [)ar/lltOlI/h 

Universe's Age 
Narrowed By Team 
CAMBRIDGE, Mass . -
Earlier this week wi th the 
help of two Harvard 
researchers. members of the 
Hubble Space Telescope 
(HST) research team 
announced a new estimate 
for the uni verse's age . The 
team combined information 
from the telescope with mea-
surements of the uni verse's 
acceleration. The group esti -
mates the uni verse is 12 bil-
lion years old ; previous es ti -
mates placed the age of the 
uni verse somewhere between 
10 and 20 hi II ion years. The 
HST Key Project Team made 
independent measurements of 
the relative di stance of differ-
ent galaxies as well as the 
speed at which they are mov-
ing away from the Earth to 
arrive at the new estimate. 

- Harvard Crimson 

Spoken ... 
"In short it has made a 
bad situation infiniteLy 
worse .:. it has onLy 
assured U.S. hegemony 
over Europe, " 

-MIlo. Koicotoric 
Assistant Literature Professor 

See story at right 

Internet: www.ucsd.edulguardian 
E-mail : guardian@ucsd.edu 

Rashing Back Heated Debate Sports Clubs 
Flipping through 45 coLumns in two 
years, we revisit that special 
something about Mary 

New amendments may take 
away your right to set 

Check out the recap on 
, UCSD 's J 5 sensational club 
sports teams the American flag on fi re 

Features, page 11 Opinion, page 4 . Sports, page 20 

, H E u c 5 D 

UC AN DIEGO TUESDAY, JUNE I. 1999 VOLUME 97, ISSUE 19 

FLYING AWAY. UCSD Panel 
Condemns 
NATO War 
DISCUSSION: Students and 
faculty organized forum on 
bombings in Yugoslavia 
By Justine Sklar 
Staff Writer 

The NATO bombings of Yugoslavia 
must cease before peace will ever be 
att ai ned, according to many panelists at 
an open forum on U.S. involvement in 
the conflict. The discussion, organized 
by students and facult y. was held at Muir 
Colkge last Thursday. 

Panelists induded Yugllslav-horn 
assistant literature Professo r Milos 
Kok tovie. political science Professor 
Ellen Comisso, sociology Proks~o r 
Timothy McDanie l and Adriana Sejko. 
the Alhanian-horn director of 
International Student Services al Point 
Loma Nazarene Uni versit y. 

Each paneli st had 10 minute, 10 
express their views on U.S. invol vement 
in the war in Yugoslavia . 
Communications Professor Susan Davi~ 
moderated the discussion and solicited 
questions from the audience after the 
panelists had spoken. 

Kokotovic sa id he disagreed wi th 
ATO 's involvement in the Balkans. 

" In short it has made a bad si tuation 
infinitely worse ... it has onl y assured 
U.S. hegemony over Europe," he ,aid . 

Kokotovic said ATO's efforts are 
destabi lizing the region instead of stahi -
lizing it. He added that ATO's involve-
ment has done more harm than good and 
has proven disastrous. Kokotovic said 
the bombing has exposed Albanians to 
intense attacks and that there were many 
better alternati ves to air bombing. 

Lisa Huff/ Guardian 
-Tow._ ........ : Marshall seniors Amanda Waal and Andrea Sanchez (being lifted) perform 
in this year's New Works Spring Dance Concert, which is entirely choreographed by students. 

Comisso, who specializes in Eastern 
European politics and has wri tten a book 
on Yugos lavia, said she agreed wi th 
Kokotovic that NATO's bombing of 
Yugoslavia has been a mistake from the 
very beginning. 

See NATO, Page 9 

Building Erected at Warren to Test Earthquake Safety 
PROJECT: Structure 
within a structure will be 
destroyed in August 
By Justine Sklar 
Staff Writer 

A $1.5 million project to test a 
building 'S reaction to earthquakes 
is underway at the Charles Lee 
Powell Structural Research Lab at 
Warren College. 

The project is designed to study 
how well cast-in-place and precast 

buildings fare under earthquake 
pressures. 

The standard east-in-place 
method consists of pouring concrete 
into molds on the construction site. 
Problems wilh this method are that 
columns have to be a certain size, 
and om ate details have to be added 
after casting takes place. Mo t 
buildings today are constructed 
using the cast-in-place method. 

Precasting, which is normally 
used to fabricate exterior ornate 
facades, involve casting the picces 

of the structure ahead of time and be conducted at the Warren college 
then moving them to the construc- lab that will push and pull the struc-
tion site. Precasting is a building ture in order to ensure it meets 
construction method that is current- requirements for maximum earth-
ly not permitted in seismic areas quake safety. 
such as California. Sri Sritharan, ass istant project 

Randy Clark, project manager scientist at UCSD, said he is exci t-
of Clark Pacific - one of the com- ed about the project. 
panies involved in the project - "Not many people in the world 
said he hopes that testing this pre- get a chance to test something big 
cast building will demonslrate that like this," Sritharan said. "We are 
such structures can be as safe as fortunate to have this opportunity at 
cast-in-place structures. UCSD. It is exci ting to get involved 

A series of,earthquak.e drills will. •. • See TEST. Page 3 



2 EWS 

Committee to Investigate 
UC Labor Practices 
LABOR: Advisory group 
will review standards of 
the DC Code of Conduct 
By Jennifer Kaplan 
Guardian Reporter 

UC President Richard Atkin on 
has formed an advisory group of 
students, faculty and administrators 
last March to review labor stan-
dards and reline the content of the 
UC Code of Conduct for trademark 
licenses, which was wrillen last 
August. 

The group is chai red hy Vice 
Chance llor for Business and 
Admi ni stra ti ve Services !I t C 
Berkdey Horace Mil(:hell. 

The colllmillec wi ll also I:va lu-
ate proposals put fo rth h a coali -
lion of studl:nts and faculty, thl: 

niversit y Coa lition Again st 
Sweatshops. for amending the 
code. The advisory group will then 
make rccommcndations to the 
Office of the Presidenl. 

A.S . Commissioner of Student 
Advocacy Rosaline Chan sa id that 
another purpm,e o f the advisory 
group is to ensure that the 
Uni versity of California reports 
and discloses more information to 
sllIdenls concerning its policy. on 
trademark licensing. 

The current poli cy regarding 
labor standards for the prodlll:tion 
of i tems bearing the UC label was 
approved by the UC Regents in 
M arch of 1997. 

This Code of Conduct was then 
reformed in August of \ ':)':)8 , thus 
implementing the Univ('r,i ly of 

California 's current policy. 
According to Atkinson, the 

intent of the 1998 policy is to "set 
out workplace standards in areas 
including wages and benefits, 
working hours, overtime compen- . 
sation, child labor, forced labor, 
health and safety, nondiscrimina-
tion, freedom from harassment or 
abuse and freedom of association." 

Chan said an important aspect 
of the policy is that it deals with 
giving li v ing wages to workers 
who manufac ture UC-licensed 
apparel. 

She also sa id that th is issue had 
not previously been addressed in 
discuss ions of the manufacturing of 
items branded wi th the UC label. 

In addition, Chan said that the 
Code of onduct required that the 
Uni versity of Californi a re 'earch 
and deeply examine the manufac-
turing process and working condi-
tions of the companies who pro-
duce UC paraphernalia. 

Atkinson stated in a leiter last 
year that guidelines were estab-
lished to enforce and uphold the 
proposa ls in the new Code o f 
Conduct. 

His leller also stated that 
because the UC Code of Conduct is 
subject to amendment, changes 
may be made in the fUlllre in order 
to " rellec t any subsequently devel-
oped standards either by the uni-
vers ity or a national higher educa-
tion organization whose code the 
uni versity chooses to adopt." 

Chan said that students have 
hecome incrt!asin~ly active in lob-

See LABOR, Page 9 

GUAilDIAN 
WALT DICKINSON 

Edi/or in Chief 
JULIA KULLA·MADER '" MEGAN SMtTH 

MuntJging Edilors 
TABITHA GRANSHAW '" LAURA KNIGHTEN 

Copy Ed,lors 
LEENA SHANKAR'" ERIKA SNIDER LINDSAY SWORSKI 

/I'ell's 1::,IIlors Ilwlus Editor 
DAVID LEE JESSICA SCHEPPMANN 

Feu/ures c'difor A: socitJt. Hiutus Editor 
JESYKA ASHLAR 

1l\,\'Oullte Feu/ure., Edl/or 
MARC COMER 
Opmion Editur 

WARD HAN 
A".\{)("wte Opinion l:.'eIitor 

JAKE GORDON'" JOHN MAYNARD 
Sports Editors 
TRAVIS HILL 

IISJociute Sport' Editor 

LISA HUFF 
Photo Editor 
JULIUS CHOI 

A<.<ocitJte Pholo Editor 
JOHN BARBER 

G'ruphics Editor 
NtCK RUNCO 
Des!qn Editor 

BRIAN WIKNER 
. Web Editor • 

EDITORIAL ASSISTANTS Vincent Gragnant, Nllou MOSI0". Scott Shibata 
SENIOR STAFF WRITERS 

John Barber. Jeff Barker. Bttt Burger. Theodore Dokko. Vincent Gragnanl. Mary Higgins. laura 
Knighten. Annam Manthlfam, NtlOU Moste" . Jenny Nicholson. Simone SantinI. Mark Smith. 

Tommy Vu. Scott Yager 
STAFF WRITERS 

Jenna Barclay. Shannon Castle, Srem Don. Bertrand Fan. Brooke Garrenson. Jenmfer Grady. 
Jeremy Gray. Sula Kim. Andy Mynck. Chnstlne Pangan, Jacob Schechter. E\le Senut;y 

ILWSTRATORS 
Mike Belle. t<rl$une Chang. AUStin HSla. Alice Lin. Joe Pan. Josephine Robert" Nicholas Runco 

DESIGNER Karen fran 
COPY READER Alison NOHls 

WEB DESIGNERS Sam Payne-Tlngleff, Mark Stickel 
COMPUTER SUPPORT Oavld GliCksman 

ANN BAREFiElD 
BUSiness Muna.qer 

MIKE MARTINEZ 
Advertisin.q Art Director 

YVETTE ALCALA 
AlSlsttintlJusme.ss Manuger 

AOVERTISING ASSISTANT Melody Gon,ales 
CIRCULATION ASSISTANTS 

Jason Allen . Phillip Goldman. Jake Indlch. Jacob Meyberg, Brady Phelps. Nate Srmlh 
ADVERTISING DESIGN. LAYOUT John Barber. Casey BUilenhuys . Katie Keenan. Sky Frostenson 

The UCSD Guardtan IS published Mondays and Thursdays dUring the academiC year by and for 
the students of UCSD. Reproduction of thiS newspaper In any form. whether In whole or in 
part. Without permiSSion IS stnctly Pf'ohlblted. C 1999. au rights reserved. The UCSD Guardian 
IS lIot responSible for Ire return of unsohclted manuscflpts or art. The views eXPf'essed herein 
dO not necessanly represent the opin,ons of The UCSD GuardtOn. the Umverslty of Cahfoml8 or 
the ASSOCiated Students. The UCSD Gv8fd.an IS funded solely by advertISing. 
One dOwn. 59 to go. VG 

News/Features. 534-5226 , General Edltonal: 534-6581 
OPInion/Sports: 5346582. Hiatus: 534·6583 
Advertising Of lice: 534-3466, Fa. ' 5347691 

e-mall·guard.an@ucsd.edu 
Guard.an Online hrtP'//www.ucsa.edu/guaro'8n/ 

UCSD Guardian, 9500 Gilman Drive 0316, 
La Jolla, CA 9209~316 

Actual lOCO Ion: Second Floor. UCSD Student Cenler BUilding 'A', Rm. 217 

The lJCSD Guardian Tuesday, June I, 1999 

ETCETERA ••• 
OFaFearHeR BY JOHN BaRBeR 

BRIEFLY ••• 

Energy Secretary to Speak at IRIPS 
The university announced last Friday that U.S. 

Energy Secretary Bill Richardson will deliver the 1999 
commencement address for the Graduate School of 
International Relations and Pacific Studies (IR/PS) on 
June 12 at 1 p.m. in the IRI PS Robinson Building 
Plaza at UCSD. Richardson will also be honored with 
the IRI PS Medal of Recognition for distinguished pub-
lic service in international affairs. 

IRI PS Dean C. Peter Nicholson said Richardson 
was asked to deliver the address because of his 
extensive experience in international affairs. 

Since taking OVer at the Department of Energy 
(D.O. E.) in August of 1998, Richardson has taken ori 
a number of national and international issues, includ· 
ing instituting a reform of security programs through 
the D.O.E. , new counterintelligence measures at the 
national laboratories and the Signing of a series of 
nonproliferation treaties with Russia. Richardson also 
served as the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations 
and as a congressman in New Mexico 's 3rd 
Congressional District. 

Job S.arch Club Accepting 
Applications 

The Career Services Center is currently accepting 
applications from students wishing to join the job 
search club. The deadline for applying is June 10. 

The club is designed to teach students new job 
search techniques while establishing job contacts and 
improving job interviewing skills. The club will also 
teach students how to deal with various job search 
issues such as salary negotiation, multiple job offers 
and job search stress. 

The club is open to seniors or graduate students 
graduating this June who are seeking full·time career 
employment. To join, students must pick up an appli· 
cation at the Career Services Center, have their 
resume approved by a career advisor and meet with a 
Job Search Club co-faCilitator to discuss mutual expec-

ERRATA ••• 

tations of the program. 
The club will meet at the Career Services Center 

from 9 a.m. to 12 p.m. on June 21, 23, 25, 28, 30 
and July 2, 7, 9. The non-refundable , non-transferable 
fee to join the club is $10. 

For more information, call 534·3750. 

Department of Th.at.r and 
Danc. Pr.sents 'Fun house styl.' 

UCSD's Department of Theater and Dance will pre-
sent "fun house style, " a new play by Master of Fine 
Arts (MFA) playwriting candidate Julia Edwards. The 
play is directed by MFA directing candidate Jonathan 
Silverstein .and will open in the 409 Small Studio on 
Randall Lane on Wednesday, June 2 at 8 p.m .. 
Additional performances will be held Thursday, June 3 
through Saturday, June 5 at 8 p.m. with a matinee pre· 
sentation on June 5 at 2 p.m. 

Admission is free for all performances of "fun 
house style." Seating is limited and offered on a first 
come, first serve basis. For more information about 
the show or how to make reservations, call 822-3152. 

Grunion Run to Be H.ld 
Wedn ..... y Night 
. A late-night adventure to observe elusive grunion 

spawning on the beaches of La Jolla is being offered 
by the Birch Aquarium at Scripps Institution of 
Oceanography this Wednesday from 10:30 p.m. to 
12:30 a.m. 

A lecture and film on grunion and marine biolumi· 
nescence will precede the moonlight exploration of the 
beach. 

Fee for the grunion run is $9 for adults and $5 for 
children ages 7 through 13. This activity does not take 
place at the aquarium. Reservations and directions to 
the event location must be received in advance by call-
ing the aquarium. 

~or more information, call 534-7336. 

• In the news story (''Two UCSD Students Injured in Car A ccident," May 20) the Guardian incorrect-
ly described the injuries o f Lucio Vazquez. Lucio suffered massiv~ brain injuries and multiple sku ll 
fmctures and is still in criti ca l condition in a San Fmncisco-area hospital. Bethany Netro suffered a 
broken pelvis. The GLlordioll regrets the error. • 
• In the Briefl y column ("U SO Student Wins Scholarship," May 27) the Guardian incorrectly identi-
lied the reci pient of th > David A . Strauss Public Scholarship . Jennifer Lee, a M arshall j unior, is not the 
, .S. vice Pf~siden~ i'!t~~n al. The vl/ardioll ~egrets the error. 

Tuesday, June I , 1999 

LIGHTS 
Lights & Sirens is a selection of 

entries compiled from the log book 
of the UCSD POlice Department. 

Monday. May 24 
10:14 a.m.: A student reported 

the theft of a red B21 Specialized 
Rock Hopper sport mountain bike 
from the racks on the east side of 
Blake Hall. Recovered on Saturday, 
May 29 at the Cognitive Science 
Building. 

1:02 p.m,: Units and the San 
Diego Fire Department responded 
to a fire alarm at the Geisel Library. 
Caused by an unknown person acti-
vating a pull station. 

1:06 p.m.: Units and the San 
Diego Fire Department responded 
to a fire alarm at Center Hall. 
Caused by an unknown person actio 
vating a pull station. 

4:23 p.m.: A student reported 
the theft of a wallet from the Geisel 
Library. Loss: $10. 

Tuesday, May 25 
12:13 a.m.: A student reported 

a threatening phone call at 
Galathea Hall at 11:30 p.m. 

9:39 a.m.: A student reported 
the theft of a purse from the Price 
Center. Loss: $274.28. 

9:44 a.m.: A student reported 
the theft of a black B18 Huffy Hona 
Laya street bike from the south side 
of Douglas Hall. Loss: $50. 

11:25 a.m.: A student reported 
vandalism to a red '94 Geo Metro in 
Lot 208. Loss: $150. 

TEST: Structure 
will be complete by 
the ~nd of this week 
ContInued from 112'. 1 
in such large-scale testing and learn 
from the tests what such a structure 
can do. This will prove to engineers 
that it 's perfectly OK to use precast 
in seismic regions." 

The construction of the fi ve-
story prl;!cast tructure began over a 
week ago and Sri thU{an said it 
should be lini, hed hy the end of 
this week . He added that sl;!isrnic 
testing on the structure will begin 
in August. By the end of this year, 
the structure wi ll be tom down. and 
the resulls of the testing will he dis-
tributed nationally. 

Sritharan said that each of the 

SUIIER 
~ 
@ 'LI c:= S; C> 

WEBMASnR 
TECHNICAL ASST. 
HOUSE MANAGER 
GROUNDS KEEPER 

INFORMAnON SERVICES 
UGHTING 

end many more ~ 
lVallable Immcdlitclyl 

9:15 p.m.: A student reported 
the theft of a blue 10 speed moun-
tain bike from the north side of 
Warren Lecture Hall . Loss: $50. 

9:52 p.m.: A student reported 
the theft of a stereo and keys from 
Tenaya Hall. Loss: $250. 

Wednesday, May 26 
2:26 a.m.: Officers detained a 

male non-affiliate for being a danger 
to himself. Transported to County 
Mental Health. 

11:04 a.m.: A 19·year·old male 
student suffered arm lacerations 
after fall ing while rollerblading near_ 
Tenaya Hall. Transported to 
Thornton Hospital by Paramedics. 

1:28 p.m.: A 5().year-<>ld male 
staff member complained of back 
pain at the Birch Aquarium. 
Transported to Scripps Memorial 
Hospital by paramedics. 

Thursday. May 27 
12:37 a.m.: Officers detained a 

22-year-old male non-affiliate in Lot 
710 for being di i.mk in public. 
Transported to detox by an officer. 

11:05 a.m.: A non-affiliate 
reported the theft of tools from 
Earl 's Place. Loss: $100 

4:46 p.m.: Officers arrested a 
15·year·old male non-affiliate juve-
nile in Lot 356 for an outstanding 
misdemeanor warrant for failure to 
appear. Total bail; $238. 
Transported to juvenile hall by an 
officer. 

4:46 p.m.: A staff member 
reported an attempted burglary to a 

precast building 'S live levels will 
be huill using a dirferent precasting 
process. each o f which is being 
tested to see which works hcst eco-
nomically and structurally. ,.. 

Clark said that prohlems with 
precast structures lie in the connec-
ti ons hetween different precast 
pieces. He said that having a better 
understanding of the connections 
used will help companies such as 
hi s to build fu ture precast highris-
es. Clark and Sri thamn said they 
are confident that the tes ts will 
demonstrate the precast structure 's 
safety. 

Clark said that hecause Clark 
Pacific speciali zes in precast struc-
tures, many of which arc not 
allowed in California, it has donat-
ed its time and materials for what 
he and his associates feel will he a 

The UCSD Guardian 

gold '94 Saturn SLiI in Lot 356. No 
loss. Damage: $200. 

8:20 p.m.: A staff member 
reported the theft of a green and 
white '78 Harley Davidson FLH 
1340CC from Lot 108. Loss: 
$22,000. 

Friday, May 28 
11:33 a.m.: A staff member 

reported the theft of patio chairs 
from the Shiley Eye Center. Loss: 
$800. 

4:19 p.m.: A staff member 
reported the theft of experimental 
items from the Cognitive Science 
Building, Room 105. Loss: $75. 

Saturday, May 29 
5:18 a.m.: Officers detained a 

19·year-old male non-affiliate in 
Galathea first floor for being drunk 
in public. Transported to detox by 
an officer. 

5:10 p.m.: A 12-year-old male 
non-affiliate suffered a loss of con-
sciousness while playing soccer at 
Pryatel Reid. Transported to Scripps 
Memorial Hospital by paramedics. 

5:26 p.m.: A student reported 
the theft of a green '95 Ford Escort 
from Lot 305. Loss: $4,000. 

Sunday, May 30 
2:10 a.m.: Officers detained a 

43·year-old male non·affiliate at 
3233 La Jolla Villiage Drive for 
being drunk in public . . Transported 
to detox by an officer. 

- Compl .... by VIncent ...... 1, 
SenIor Sbff WrIter 

good investment. 
Clark said that the current work 

on precast buildings is opening 
doors for those in the field, himself 
incWded. 

The precast building project is a 
collaborative project between the 
uni versity and many industrial com-
panies. It is funded by the National 
Association of Summit Contrac tors, 
the Nati onal Science Foundation, 
the Precast Concrete Institute and 
the Prcca~t Concrete M anufacturers 
Association of California. 

Sri tharan said that thi s is the 
second structure huill to be 
destroyed on this site. In 1993 and 
1994 a masonry building's earth-
quake sa fety was tested. Thost 

' tests showed that masonry huild-
ings were safe enough for certain 
seismic areas. 

PRICE C:ENTER 

ALL mJ 24 HOURS 
Itfa ~lR~~O ROMA ~ in the Price Center 
beginning Sunday, 6/6 through ThursdaYI 6/10 

'FREE COOKIES' 
(12 mid - 6am) ""hlle supplle. I.st 

EUC~LVPTU~ 
'LO~G€ 

fre'\fE!~ 
<tfP- cO , {f? & USB.;WDTa rnicrawave....:a~~n 

.= ,")fit· ·, 
S PM - 11 p'%l~ 

DeQlllJDlna Monday, 617 through Thursday, 6110 



4 OPINION 

.. ..... ... ....... 

The UCSD Guardian Tuesday, June I, 1999 

PINION 

The Amerjcan nag and the jdeals j{ 
embodjes deserve to be protected by law 
By Tommy Vu 
Senior Staff Writer 

Over the last 223 years, the American nag has evolved into something 
more than a mere piece of multicolored cloth blowing in the wind. 

With its red white and blue the Ilag of the United States has corne to rep-
resent more than a visual emblem of the country. Our nag has become a 
sy mbol of democracy. pride and hope. not only for American citizens, but 
also for people in other nations. Its 50 stars and 13 stripes embody the hard-. 
fought hi story of the United States. its greatest accomplishments and dark-
es! deeds. In other w.ords, what the nag represents, what it sy mbolizes. is 
everyt hing we hold dear to our hearts. . 

Anything we deem important and necessary. Americans protect and 
guard. The Bill of Rights protects our hasic rights and freedoms and those 
possessions we val ue greater than life itself. Shou ldn ' t our Ilag, the symbo l 
of thi s nation ', hopes and ideab, its pa t and futu re, be held in the same high 
regard '! 

The idea of a law prohibiting the desecration of the .S. nag, and nag 
bu rn ing in particu lar. is not new. odlly. the is ue remains a controversial s 
does the basic argumel1l : Does prohibiting flag burning infringe on a per-
son\ freedom of speech'! Or is nag burning an insullto the country, a slap 
10 the faces of Americans whose loved ones laid down their li ves for thi s 
nation? 

Legislation banning Ilag burning is long overdue. In the last several months, 
amendments have been proposed to rectify the absence of such regulations. 

The legislation would require ratification by all state legislatures, after 
approval by Congress. Two of the three proposed amendments were written by 
Rep. Jo Ann Emerson (Missouri ) and Rep. Randy "Duke" Cunningham 
(California). The third proposed amendment was written by Sen. Orrin Hatch 
of Utah. the powerful chai'l'Crson of the Senate Judiciary Committee. The 
count ry's focus will most likely be on this third amendment option, Senate Joint 
Re,olution 14 (SJRI4), which has the most potential to pass. 

SJR 14 reads simply: ''The Congress shall have power to prohibit the 
physical desecration of the flag of tho United States." As elementary as the 
amendment seems. the language behind it is powerful. If passed by Congress 
and rati fi ed by all of the state legislatures, SJR 14 would beco me the 28th 
Amendment to the Constituti on. 

The possibility of SJR 14 pass ing. at least in the U.S. Senate, is fairl y 
high. Though written by Sen. Hatl:h - a Republican well-known for hi s 
hounding of Pre ident Clinton - 57 senators have endorsed this amendment 
as co-wri ters. With strong bipartisan support from Sen. Dianne Feinstein 
(Cali fo rn ia) and other Democ rats, as well as the full support of the Senate 
majority leadership, SJR 14 has great potenti al to pass. 

Beyond the hard facts, the renowned names in support of the bill and the 
plain numbers, lie the deep emotions and dividing l:ontroversy of the issue. 
The Ilag is more than a piece of cloth blowing in the breeze .. California 
Assemblyman Steve Baldwin helieves that the Ilag is a sytnbol of our nation . 

It is painful to watch an American l: itizen burn our flag on the news, step 
on our Ilag, or spit on our tlag - our symbol of democracy and freedom. I 
would understand if a citizen of another nation took to buming the U.S. flag, 
~ uch a~ Serhia. North Korea or Iraq. Seeing renegade terrorist groups like 
HCLbolah or Hamas doing the same would not bother me; We have no 
lovc for th e~e indi viduals and expect none in return. 

To ~ee my own neighbor defil e our nation hy committing such 
an act. and to wi tne~s the tolerance ' of it , makes me wonder: ' 
Have we forgollen idea ls , uch as national pride and patrio-
tism'! Perhaps these people should sit through another 

See PROTECnON, Page 7 

Newly proposed amendment would vjolate 
the freedom the Amerkan nag represents 
By Jemlfer Debutts 
Contributing Opinion Writer 

From the powerful image of the servicemen raising Old Glory over Iwo 
lima to young school children reciting the Pledge of Allegiance to Neil 
Armstrong planting the stars and stripes on the moon, few things embody the 
spirit of America bcller than the American flag. It brings thoughts of aged 
veterans and soldiers' widows weeping softly to the sound of "Taps" as a 
nag is slowly lowered to half-staff. 

In an effort to protect this great Americarr symbol, Congress is now con-
sidering passing an amendment to the Constitution that would prohibit the 
desecration of the Ilag. 

Burning the American flag is repugnant. It is elfish and disrespectful to 
those who gave their li ves to protect our rreedoms. However, it is wrong to 
think America can honor the memory of its lost servil:emen hy eroding the 
First Amendment . freedoms fo r which these martyrs fought. We can only 
protect the nag by protel:ting the rights and freedoms for which it stands. 

A rel:ently proposed amendment to tbe Constitution that reads "Congres, 
shall have tbe po r ro prohibit the physi al desecration of the nag of the 
United States" is l:reating a lot of commotion. The problem with this amend-
ment is that the wording is so ambiguous - it is completely impractical in leg-
is lati ve terms. 

For example, what exactly is desecration? "Webster's Dictionary" delines it 
as "diminishing from sacred to profane," but that could mean anything. 
Congress may ban nag burning, but under the proposed amendment it may 
expand this delinition to include tearing, soiling, spitting or even cursing at the 
flag. 

The exact defin ition of what constitutes a flag is also uncertain . We do 
not have an offi cial flag with an exact size, kind'of ink, dye or fabri l: . Is it 
anyth ing wi th stars and stripes? If it has 51 stars and 12 stripes, have you 
burned a flag? What if it 's slightly orange, white and blue? It might ~ 
become unconstitutional to burn a tablecloth that looks like a flag or , ! 
to tear up a photograph of a Ilag, thus destroying a symbol of a) 
svmbol. 
. Imagine poli l:e raiding neighborhood block parties on the ~ 

Fourth of July. Beller not put food on that flag plate. Don 't I 
even think or throwing out garbage in a Ilag bag - you j 
could go to the can . Don't blow your nose in a flag 
napkin .. . violating the Constitution is nothing to , 
sneeze al. If you drip your juicy Carl 's Jr. burger 
on a flag shirt , you may have committed dese- ~ 
cration too. Better get }id of your Tommy , , 
Hilliger dothes and your nag socks, espe-
cially if you have dirty feel. If the '\ \ . 
amendment is accepted as it currently ~ V 
stands, all of these transgressions., (; 
could be considered desecration. . 

Another practical problem ' 
See VIOUnON, Page 7 

Tuesday, June I, 1999 The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

FANS GUILTY OF HAVING GOOD~NATURED FUN 
Editor: 

This a response to Kevin Seid 's 
article "Obsessive Fans Fawn Over 
New 'Star Wars' Episode" (May 
20). 

Alas. true to the La ina spring. 
whidl ha~ undoubtcdly infuriated 
him, Seid has provided our sunny 
day with a gray. purfing, lillie 
storm cloud. Thanks. but no thanks. 
Seid. 

Reading Seid 's "Star Wars" 
l:ommentary, I began to regret more 
and more that I don 't regularly 
parade around in a Chewbacl:a cos-
tume or a Jedi robe. 

The nutcases on the Guardian j. 
cover page, beaming in their silly 
garb, struck me as far happier indi-
viduals than nonbelievers like 
Seid. 

I mean - hey. was Seid smiling 
as wide as that Leia wannabe when 
he wrote his seething article'! 
What's unfortunate is how gen-
uinely livid their off-beat fun 
makes him feel ... he does remem-
ber what it's like to have run, does-
n' t he? 

Think now. Perhaps it' only 
jealously that 's been nagging him 
.. . perhaps he's been hitting the 
books a bit too hard. 

Something has to explain the 
peculiar bitterness that has pro-
voked him into taking the joy of 
others as a personal insult. After 
16 years on the shelf, the "Star 
Wars" trilogy siill inspires me. It 
fills a giddy void in my' cynical 
head. 

The slick new "Epi sode I" 
poster on my wall reminds rne 

how it felt to be five years old -
the effel:t is almost powerful 
enough to get me into a goofy l:OS-
tume. 

Either way, kudos to those who 
haven' t lost their smiling place. 
Do us fans a favor, Seid, and let a 
lillie color into your passionless, 
grumpy world. 

Go buy a Fudgesicle or some-
thing. 

Think about all the mean 
things wrillen in your article and 
then ask: What has "Star Wars" 
ever done to me? Ask who really 
needs to lighten up: a man in a 
wookie suit, or a basher of harm-
less fun . Then, if he can stop 
being a stuffy grown-up long 
enough, he should go see "The 
Phantom Menace," and then 
maybe we' ll forgive him. 

Michael Locher 
Revelle Sophomore 

History of Conflict 
Needed for Debate 

Editor~ 
The analysis portion of the arti-

cle by Nilou Mostofi was well-
wrillen . ("Geographic Feud 
Unfolds," May 17). However, the 
tirst part of the article, which pro-
vided some historical and geo-
graphical background to the A'rab-
Israeli conflict and the current 
peace process, was full of inaccura-
cies, suggesting a lack of proper 
research .. 

This is unfortunate, as a clear 
understanding of the history of the 

5 X 6 • $.23 permo. 
5 X 7· $25 permo. 
5 X 8 • $27 permo. 

With student 1.0. $5.00 Adm. fee 
tncludes FREE lock. 
Lift to upstairs units 

Other sizes available 
9780 Candilla St. 

EATING DISORDER 
Day Treatment Program 

This unique, comprehensive program 
offers a multidisciplinary team 

that includes a psychologi t, physician, 
psychiatrist, dietician. activity therapist, 

movement and art therapist, marriage 
and family therapist, certified fitne s 

trainer and a yoga specialist. 

We are able to accomodate treatment to 
suit your school needs. 

For infqnnalion, enrollment and seminar schedule, 
contact Program Founder Dr. Divya Kakaiya 

fealtij 4510 Executive Drive, #102 
~ S.n D;ego, CA 921 21 

lJY1~ ~~I~;~i::.~?:21 

Letters t~g Editor 
The Guardian welcomes letters from 
its readers. All letters must be no 
longer than three pages. typed. dou· 
ble-spaced and signed. Letters must 
also contain a phone number. We 
reserve the right to edit for length 
and clarity. Letters may be dropped 
off at the Cluardian office on the 
second floor of the Old Student 
Center. Send all letters to: 

The UCSD Guardian 
Opinion Editor 

9500 Gilman Dr. 0316 
La Jolla. CA 92093-0316 

Fax: (619) 534-7691 
e-mail: guardian@ucsd.edu 

conflict is important for kno.wing 
what to make of present tensions. 

The following list discusses 
some of the questionable state-
ments in the article: 

While saying so adds a touch of 
romance to the issue, the Arab-
Israeli contlict has not "existed 
since time immortal," and it is 
incorrect to say that "Muslims and 
Jews have fought over this territory 
for centuries" as Mostofi does (the. 
comparison to the conflict in 
Yugoslavia was ironic as that con-
flict is also of modern origin). 

Tension between Arabs and 
Jews over control of Palestine 
began in the late 19th century and 

was the result of modern national-
ist movements on both the Arab 
and Jewi sh sides. 

T he primary movement s 
in vo lved were Zioni sm, whose 
goa l was to establi sh a Jewish 
state in Palestine, and Pan-
Arabi sm, which sought to create a 
in gle unified Arab stat e that 

would ha ve included Palestine 
within its borders. Naturally, the 
two movements were on a co lli -
sion course. 

Tbe Ottoman Empire had not 
"already established an extensive 
Arab nation in this area," as the 
article claims. The Ouoman 
Empire was ruled by Turks and had 
its capital in Istanbul. 

While they were Muslim, the 
Turks were not ethnically related to 
the Arabs and were not seen as 
such by the Arabs they ruled. This 
is evidenced by the fact that the 
main goal of Pan-Arabism was to 
rid the Arab lands of rule by 
Turkey, which was viewed as a for-

~ign power. 
The article me'l!ions British 

"treachery" to the Arabs because of 
an agreement made with them 
(details of which were not specified 
in the article) and the Balfour 
Declaration, which established 
British support for a Jewish 
"national home" in Palestine. 

The agreement in question, 
made between the British and the 
leaders of the Arab revolt against 
the Olloman Turks, called for the 
creation of an Arab state from for-
mer lands of the Olloman Empire 
but did not clearly speci fy that the 

Arabs would rel:ei ve control over 
Palestine. 

It is important to understand 
that the treachery that the Arab~ 
associate with the Balfour 
Declaration is the result of percep-
ti on. They thought that the 
promised Arab state would include 
all of Palestine, while the British 
did not, and thercfore saw nothi ng 
wrong in promising the Jews a state 
in the region. 

The Balfour Declaration's sup-
port for a Jewish state in Palestine 
was considered sufficiently legiti-
mate by the United Nations, which 
in 1947 voted to carve Palestine 
into two states, one Arab and the 
other Jewish. The Arabs rejected 
the idea of having any Jewish polit-
ical entity in Palestine and attacked 
the new state several hours after it 
declared its independence. 

The article does not correctly 
describe the situation relating to the 
occupied territories, the West Bank 
and the Gaza Strip. These were 
areas designated by the 1947 
United Nations vote as forming the 
core of an Arab state in Palestine. 

However, when Egypt and 
Jordan invaded the Jewish state in 
1948 in their effort to quash the 
new Jewish state, they chose to 
annex them to their territory, 
which was the main reason that 
the Palestinian Arabs failed to get 
any sort of state in 1948. In the 
1967 Six Day War, Israel occu-
pied these territories for strategic 
reasons, stating that it would 
return them as part of a permanent 

See LETTERS, Page 6 

What MeAT course 
did people who 
got into medical 

school taket? 

Call today to enroll! 

1·800·KAP·T~ST 
www.kaplan.com 

tl_.....-yol __ -by~-. 
For .-...,.... ..... oIl111.....-y. checI< ouIOur _II _ .UpIIn.c:orMncII. 

WORLD LEADER IN TEST PREP 
. .. 



60PI ION The UCSD Guardian . 

SAn DIEGO srATE unIVERSITY 
College of Extended Studies 

@wgpf.V\ 
-' ~@f::7 ~.~ 'h (r &i@, 

./line 1-AuglSt 28, 1a9a ~@ 
& 3 major sessions - two 3-week and one I-week session 
& Choose from hundreds o. sIIort ~plve cou..,. freti!-.... 

than 56 deparbnents ".J-'. ,I _~ \I?')!{> 
" & Uncrowded campus - no parklntf Ingestlon ../ -b.r-~ 

_.....,.:i _ -

_ . Register In person at the CoI~e.;8f..E .. nded Studla • 
'") I call 594-5704 for ,.r FREE SUllllller catalog. 

FDA Approv.d Whit.ning • D.nti.t SUjpervllleCl'::::> 
limit 1 per household, Valid after completion of an exam, 
necessary Xrays, simple cleaning (in absence of periodintal 

disease) at regular fees . r - - - - - - - - - - ~ 
You mLL SAVE $35O! I Problem Dentures or Missing Teeth? I 

I $300 OFF : 

La JQlla Colony 
7770 Regents Rd. #113 

'453-7331 

1'!!P.lant Procedure I (;ALL NOW! 
New patients only. Exp. 6/22/991-

-----------~ GENERAL AND CotiKETIC 
DENTISTRY & IMPLANTS 

OF LA JOLLA 
Serving San Diego over 15 years Member ADA, CDA, SDCDS 

Please Call Today for Your FREE Consultation 

546-0100 
8899 University Center Ln . Ste 190 

Across from the Hyatt Aventine 

MAIL BOXES ETC: 

Clairemont Square 
4735 Clairemont Dr. 

490-1690 

Clairemont Village 
3089 Clairemont Drive 

275-2380 

!S3°00FF!$2OOoFF-1 
: UPS/FedEx Shipping: Packing Service : 
I I I 
I With coupon only. Exp . 6/30/99 I With coupon only, Exp. 6/30/99 I __________________________________ J 

-

Tuesday, June I, 1999 

A GREAT I.D.EA. 
Sbadracb Theury 

The Intelligent Des ign and 
Evolution Awareness (I.D.E.A.) 
club wants to know where we all 
came from. But first, it wants to 
know where you' re coming from. 

The I.D.E.A. club was formed 
last month out of the wave of dis-
cussion that fo ll owed Phillip 
Johnson's talk on the creation ver-
sus evolution cont roversy. Though 
set up to educate others about 
intclligent design theories, which 
propose that there is evidence lhat 
an inte lli gent cntity created life, 
the club claims to offer a forum 
where all views on the subject can 
be discussed in a friendly, open 
environment. 

There's one catch: You have to 
admit who you are. Club founder 
Casey Luskin , a Revelle junior, 
explains that people must admit 
their assumptions and personal 
biases before any real discussion 
can take place. 

We all have biases and assump-
tions upon which we base our 
arguments. Especially with a topic 
such as the creation versus evolu-
tion debate, which is brightly col-
ored by the clash between the reli -
gious and the sc ientific, it is 
impossible to be objec ti ve. In this 
area, as well as others, we allow 
peers to view our positions more 
clearly when we. state them along 
with our biases . 

Admitting to the assumptions 
that lead us to our opinions also 
allows us to see ourselves more 
clearly. Luskin compare thi s sen-
sation to "coming out of a hang-
over." While thi s analogy can ' t be 
taken too far, it illustrates an impor-
tant point : Things become more 
clear. Realizing our biases allow 
us to sec fl aws in our thinking and 
to reeva luate our stance on an 
Issue. 

We all tend to argue some things 
only because they fit into our gen-
eral ideologies or ways of thinking. 
Not all of the things we argue 
would hold up under self-scrutiny, 
The problem is that while most 
people are willing to argue, very 
few are will ing to si t down and 
analY/.e why they believe what it is 
they arc arguing. 

LEnERS: 
West Bank was not 
given to Palestinians 
ContInued from pq. 5 
peul:c deal with the Arab and 
therefore did not annex these 
lands. 

Hcnl:e, the territory Israel occu-
pied during the Six Day War are 
not a part of Israel as Mostoli 
states. Mostoli also misrepresents 
the Oslo Peace Al:cord. The accord 
e~t ahl ished the principle of giving 
the West Bank and the Gaza Strip 
land to the Pale!>tinians in !>tages 
while worki ng out a permanent 
arrangement , bUl did not specify 
exact ly how much terri tory was to 
he handed over. 

Therefore, it i~ incorrect to 
~ t u t e that under its t erlll~, "the 

We~t Bank wu, allotted to the 
Pa lc,tinians." 

The UCSD Guardian: 

It is this fear of self-criticism 
that the I.D.E.A. club seeks to 
overcome. Its conslitution admits 
its biases - it wants to tell you 
about intelligent design, But really, 
lhese people just want to talk to 
you. It doesn' t really matter what 
stance individuals take on the sub-
ject, the important 'thing is that they 
are willing to explain it to everyone 
else. 

Notice that I did not wrile 
"argue aboul it with everyone 
else." The I.D.E.A. club doesn't 
want an argument - it wants a dis-
cussion. This is not a forum in 
which to condemn the opposite 
viewpoint , or to try to convert the 
world to your way of thinking. This 
is primarily a facilitation of the 
exchange of ideas about creation 
and evolution. On a university 
campu ,such di scussion can usual-
ly be [ound only in a biology lec-
lure or a religion class, wilh very 
few ather venues, t he I.D.E.A. 
club is breaking out of these con-
fines. 

Those concerned with other 
issues would be wise to follow suit. 
How often are we given the chance 
to calmly discuss race, religion or 
gender issues with people of differ-
ent viewpoints? Do we ever try to 
lalk about ihese things wi'thout 
insisting that we are right'! 

The truth is, we usually get so 
wrapped up in proving our own 

, points that we barely li sten to 
other points of view. Thi results 
in one thing: wasted words. If no 
one li stens to anyone else, if no 
one is open to different perspec-
tives, no progress can be made in 
any area. 

Opinions make us individuals. 
The I.D.E,A. club, however, has 
challenged us to look at why we 
hold our indi vidual opinions. 
What makes us vehementl y 
opposed to some things, or indif-
ferent toward others? Have we 
ever taken a look at the other sides 
of the issue? 

In daring UCSD to admit its 
assumptions and it s hiases, the 
I.D.EA club may scare a lot of 
people away. For those of you will-
ing to hones tly present your views, 
I have a d ub for you to l:hel:k ouI. 
Or you can start your own - you 
never .know what you could lind 
out about yourself. 

Send comlllelllS and Leiters to 
{he Ediror {o guardi an@ uc~d .edu 

Furtherm ore, in contrast to 
what the article states, most of the 
Gaza Strip has been placed under 
Palestinian l:ont ro l and it is pri -
marily in the West Bank that the 
two sides are at odds over the 
amount of territory to be handed 
back. 

In the age of sound bites and 
the information revolution, it is 
popular to comment on issues like 
the Arah-Israeli conflict without 
full y understanding its complex i-
ty. It is therefore very unfortunate 
that ihe background portion of 
Mosto!i 's article is riddled with 
inaccuracies and incomplete infor-
mation. 

By failing to verify the purport -
ed facb in the article, the 
Gllardiall ha!> done tho~e readers 
!>eeking tll gain a better under-
standi ng 01 the conllict a great dis-

~ervicc . 
Yonatan Gel blum 

Tuesday, June I, 1999 

PROTECTION: 
Flag burning is an 
insult.to veterans 
ContInued from ..... 4 
showing of "Mr. Smith Goes to 
Washington" or "Savi ng Pri vate 
Ryan" to get a sense of national 
pride. Perhaps they shou Id consider 
what it means to be a patriot 
~ n s t ead of insulting the nation and 
what we embody. 

Aside from the issue of patrio-
tism, there is still the matter of the 
insult behind the act of nag burning. 
This country has persevered through 
many wars - including World War 
I and II, the Vietnam War and the 
Persian Gulf War. Even today, 
Americans are ri sking their lives to 
bring peace to the . tumultuous 
Balkans. 

Buming the nag is a direct in!Allt 
to the veterans that fought for this 
country. It is a stinging slap in the 
face to those that had family mem-
bers serve in these wars. It is a direct 
affront to those serving in the 
Marines, the Army, the Navy and 
the Air Force, It is a slur aimed at 
the br.lve men and women ready to 
go to war and risk their lives for 
their nation. It is the ultimate out-
r.lge to those that died in these wars 
- the fathers, the brothers, sons and 

VIOLATION: 
Patriotism should 
not be imposed upon 
ContIIIued fronI ..... 4 
is cnforl:ement of the proposed legis-
lation. For every law there must be a 
penalty for those who break it. 
Polil:C resources required to enforl:e 
flag buming law.s would take away •. 
from mori! prevalent problems such I 
as school ·violence. Then there are 
the district attomey's ofli ces, already 
overloaded with cases, whil:h would 
have to dedde whether children can 
he tried as adul t desel:raters. 

Proponents of the !lag ulllen<!-
ment argue that the Supreme Court's 

1 9~9 rul ing on desecration suddenly 
overturned 200 years of !lag protec-
tion. They contend that the fate of 
Old Glory now hangs in the balanl:e. 
But the thre;u is not so widespread as 
they would have you believe. The 
Citizen's Flag Alliance web site bas 
recorded less than 75 incidents of 
!lag burning since March 1994. Our 
society wi II nOi grind to a halt with-
out !lag protel:tion. 

Supporters of the amendment 
also asse rt that a nag amendment 
will be a message to l:hildren. a 
statement of our resolve to protect 
a national symbol. Supporters hope 
that lhis will inspire patriotism. 
Realis tica lly, however. enacti ng 
legislation will not correct thi s 
moral delil: it. The apathy and di~re­
spel:t fo r our nation speaks of a 
greater problem: our fa ilure to 
teach children proper civic value~ . 
No law will instill pride in 
America; rather we must give chil-
dren a reason to respect the Ilag as 
intrinsically va luable. 

Sen. Bob Kerrey of Nebraska 
told the Senat e Judici ary 
Commiltee on April 28 this year, 
"Real patriotism cannot be coerced. 
It must be a voluntary, unselli sh, 
brave act to sacrilice for others." 

An often-cited poll shows that 83 
percent of the American people 
approve of the Ilag burning amend-
ment. Yet this number matter~ little 
as long as a minority of 17 percent 

d i sapprove~. The purpose of the Bill 
of Rights is to protect American~ 
from the ty ranny of the majority. 

the mothers, wives and daughters 
that gave their li ves to preserve a 
'nation and her ideals. Burning the 
flag debases everything American 
soldiers fought for, their hopes and 
dreams of a better nation. It is say-
ing that they died an empty death. 
This is simply not true. 

The truth is that it is ti me for 
some type of legislation to outlaw 
nag buming. The truth is lhat 6,825 
Marines died on Iwo Jima raising 
Ihe Ameril:an nag, as l:aptured in the 
immortal picture taken in 1945. As a 
symbol of this nation, our nag holds 
our va lues. our ideals, our dark 
memories of Japanese intemment 
camps and enslavement of Africans, 
and our hopes for a better future. 

"Our nag is something to be 
l:herished," Baldwin said. "Many 
men have died to preserve what we 
hold dear." 

We live in what sometimes 
seems like an apathetic nation . 
With our busy lives filled with con-
cerns such as tuition, credit card 
bills, stocks and Star Wars, it seems 
as if we' ve forgotten what patrio-
tism is, and what national pride 
means. Tolerating belittling acts 
like Ilag burning is in itself insult-
ing, both to the Ameril:an people 
and to the American dream. 

Send commenrs and LeflUS To 
{he EdiTOr TO guardian@ucsd.edu 

This 83 percent does not have the 
righ\ to tell the minority that flag 
buming is morally wrong. 

Flag burning does not hurt any-
one or violate anyone's individual 
rights. No one should impose an ide-
ology and punish those who disagree 
and offend that person's sensibilities. 

Rep. Gary Ackerman of New 
York said in his speech 10 Congress 
oll lbJnt; 28, 1995, "The Constitutio 
is supposed, to protect ·your right 
not your sensiti vities. Take away 
lhat right , and you are changing 
what the !lag symbolizes." 

Moreover, some people chal-
lenge the Supreme Court's inter-
pretalion of nag desecration as free 
speech , They assert that such acts 
have nothing to do wi th the First 
Amendment. But even the 
staunchest dvil libertarians cannot 
deny that seeing a !lag desecrated 
tugs at one's patriotic heartstrings, 
Our reaction is what matters: It 
illustrates the power of !lag dese-
cration as symbolic speech, The 
fundamental question is whether 
we should silence those with differ-
ent opinions, or, like Voltaire, dis-
agree with what they say, but still 
defend their right to say it. 

No mother has sent her son off to 
war to die for a piece of cloth. Tbe 
sacrilices that veterans have made 
have been for our way of life, one 
which includes the right of di sent. 
This count ry is unique because the 
minority, the unpopular, the dis-
senters and the downtrodden, all 
have a voice and are all allowed to 
be heard. The freedom of expres-
sion. even when it hurts, is the truest 
test of our patriotic dedication. 

We don't worship the Ilag. It is 
not a religious idol that can be per-
manently destroyed by an act of des-
ecration. It is an affront to our nation 
to say that our principles of freedom 
and democracy are so vulnerable as 
to be threatened by a mere !lag bum-
ing. You cannot deslroy our nag 

. unless you destroy the freedom it 
repre ·ents. As long as we continue to 
protect the Constitution, the "Star 
Spangled Banner" will continue to 
wave. () ' er the land of the free and 
lhe home of the brave. 

Send comments an(1 Leffers III 
(iIe Edi{or (f) guardian(gl ucsd.edu 

The UCSD Guardian OPINION 7 

ta SPECIALS! 
Mira Mesa 

SELF STORAGE LLC 
7044 Flanders Drive 
~ CLEAN, SECURE, FRIENDLY STAFF 
~ HILTONlII QUALITY AT MOTEL 8 111 PRICES 
~ ALL aROUND FLOOR UNITS ~ NO SECURITY DEPOIIT or ADMIN. FEES 

~ CALL FOR IUAUNTQD BUEBWION WITH CREDIT CARD 
~ PUN AHEADI RESERVE NOWI 

I,d MONTH FREE 
5xl'. a 5xl0'. 

"Fall" into a new school year 
with a class in theatre or dance! 

. THGE 11 Good Fellas, Wiae Guys Met Godfathers: 
• • .....tiAI1) .. ~.".~: With £ul( screenlngs of landmark 

gangster films of the thirties through the more contemporary 
wiseguys featured in the ' films of Martin Scorcese and Francis Ford 
Coppola. The class will also feature dips of mat:ly more films of the 
genre intercut with documentary footage of the cops and robbers 
they memorialize. Mondays 2:00-5:00PM, Price Center 
T1leatre. No Prerequisites. 

THOE 1 Introduction to Theatre 
A fast paced look at the art of theatre. What makes theatre exciting 
in strange perfonnances from the Burning Man Festival to the 
La Jolla Playhouse to Broadway. 
Mon, Wed 2:30-3:20 Center 105 

You can actl This series of classes is designed for students 
who always wanted to explore the art of acting but never had the 
opportunity for formal training. 
THAC 1 Introduction to ActIng. Jump in and get your feet wet! 
Through a variety of exercises aqd improvisations, we will explore 
the imagination as the actor's primar)' resource and break down the 
barriers that inhibit creativity. See schedule for days, times, 
and locations (Iota of cholcesl). No Prerequisites. 

You can dance, too! The beginning level dance courses 
are designed to introduce you to the basic principles, concepts, and 
terminology in the areas of Belet (THDA 1), Modem (THDA 2), 
and Jazz (THDA 3). They are a great opportunity to increase your 
knowledge or passion for dance. In Fall 99, students will have the 
opportunity to enroll in Pre-Ballet (THDA 4). This course is 
designed for the novice and will focus on correct postural alignment 
and establish a basic foundation for understanding ballet. 
See schedule for days, times, and locations 
(IotB of choices). No Prentqul ...... 

THDA 18 Musical Theatre Dance B: 1930-1980. Swlngl 
Get out YOI,If zoot suits and loafers and come learn the dances of the 
thirties and forties. Sign up for a class in swing dancing: learn East 

• Coast, West Coast, Lindy, and Jitterbug. Dance Studio 3. 
357423 T, Th 5:45-7:05PM. 
357424 M, W 8:30-7:5OPM. 



8 NEWS 
The UCSD Guardian Tu~sday, June I , 1999 

Cultural Center Celebrates Four Years of Diversity 
RECOGNTION: The Cross Cultural Center honored students, faculty and staff at last Thursday's All People's Recognition Ceremony 

By Uly Korman 
Staff Writer 

The Cross Cultural Center cele-
brated it fourth anni versary last 
week with the All People's 
Recognition Ceremony and other 
events. The Cro s Cultural Center 
opened In May 1995 and has 
expanded since then both in space 
and resources. 

As a safe, supporti ve environ-
ment , the center promotes cross-
cultural interaction and understand-
ing. 

Special event s spanned the 
entire week of May 24 through the 
28. Begi nning with the Asian Film 
Festi val on Monday, events fo r the 
week included an All People's 
Celebration and a Family Day 
Barbecue. 

The Cross Cultural Center 
newsletter stated that the All 
Peop le' s Celebration served to 

"recognize tho e who have 
advanced dialogue, communication 
and diversi ty." 

Roo evelt Senior Alex Tom said 
that another important part of the 
week was the All People's 
Celebration which honored people 
in the community for their work on 
diversi ty-related issues. 

"It 's an annual commemoration 
of not only the Cross Cultural 
Center building but also the recog-
nition of different people in the 
UCSD community who have been 
pushing for diversity and social 
justice," Tom said. "It 's a very 
good way of closing the year." 

Tom said that 80 to 90 people 
were nominated to be honored for 
thei r work on diversity, not just 
with respect to race, but also the 
intersectionality between race and 
other issues such as gender and 
sex ual orientation. 

Revelle Junior Jennifer 
Quinonez-Skinner, an intern at the 
Cross Cultural Center, said that she 
thought the highlight of the week 
was the Asian Film Festival. 

She said she felt it was impor-
tant for the Cross Cultural Center 
to have the film festival because it 
was something that would not nor-
mally be seen on campus. 

The Cross Cultural Center's 
newsletter highlighted the signifi-
cance of the Cross Cultural Center 
with a quote by Jon Salunga, a 
UCSD graduating senior who has 
interned at the Cross Cultural 
Center. 

"We exist in relation to one 
another in this space of shared dif-
ference and commonalities," 
Salunga stated. "In our efforts to 
build communities, we gather, on 
COMMON GROUND - to break 
barriers and challenge ideas, to 

affirm experiences, and empower 
ourselves. Our lives, together with 
the words and images we leave 
behind allow us to relate and 
remember." 

The newsletter also stated the 
purpose of a new fund, the Unity 
Fund which is to serve as a prima-
ry growth initiative for the Cross 
Cultural Center and to nurture 
greater collaboration among cam-
pus and community groups. 

The Unity Fund will be admin-
: , ow by the Cross Cultural 

<!nter and serve as a campuswide 
funding source. Groups, organiza-
tions and departments may use this 
fund for support. 

Quinonez-Skinner said that the 
Unity Fund will accept donations 
from faculty, staff and alumni to 
fund events and programming of 
the Cross Cultural Center and stu-
dent organization. 

U •• _--_1--___ ... _ .. 
I !J 1'161·,I6DI ., 1111,:/ 

Medical division of THE PRINCETON REVIEW 
619.558.0500 www.review.com800.MO.BOUND 

............ ~ .... " ........ ......... ....... .. . .. . ... .. " ... , .. " , 

Quinonez-Skinner also said that 
the Cross Cultural Center has 
changed a lot and gathered more 
recognition in the past four years. 

She said that the Cross Cultural 
Center Serves to connect students, 
the administration and the five col-
leges to each other. She also said 
that the center challenges the sepa-
ration that exists on campus and 
provides space for student organi-
zations to meet. 

Tom said that the Cross Cultural 
Center has come a long way in the 
four years of its existence. 

He said that when he first came 
to UCSD, there was a lot of divi-
sion and fragmentation among stu-
dent organizations. He said that the 
Cross Cultural Center has united 
many students and student organi-
zations and has provided them with 
a safe environment to discuss 
issues of diversity. 

you are cordiall" 
invited to place 

an adverli:5emeni in 
lhe 

r;raduati~~ 
y,jjue 

0/ 
GuiilDIAN 

~hurjda'l' June 3 
AD DEADLINE: 
TODAY,2pm! 

• Applies to new placements only 

.j 

Tuesday, June I, 1999 

NATO: Comisso 
expected war to be 
over before forum 
ContInued from ..... 1 

She said that Milosevic is not 
Lhe Balkan equivalent to Saddam 
Hussein. 

Comisso also expressed her dis-
appointment that the bombing is 
still taking place. She said that 
when the forum was originally 
scheduled, she thought the war 
would be over by then and the 
forum canceled. 

"Don't worry, by May 27 the 
war will be over," Commiso said 
she told her colleagues. 

Comisso also said that ATO 
picked the wrong tactics, that the 
war in Yugoslavia is not a "just 
war" and that there is not adequate 
justit'il:ation for bombing 
Yugoslavia. 

Comisso also talked about the 
long-standing history of govern-
mental problems in Kosovo and 
Serbia, arguing that while fighting 
has made thousands homeless, 
most people remained inside the 
embattled province. She also said 
bombing has triggered the expul-
sion of half of Kosovo's popula-
tion. 

Comisso questioned who will 
govern Kosovo once the war has 
ended , naming the Kosovo 
Liberation Army or an internation-

LABOR: Student 
petitions supported 
new code in 1998 
ContInued from ..... 2 
bying against sweatshops. She 
added that these effort s have been 
supported and publicized through 
student unions, petitions and even 
by an article in TIME magazine 
publicizing campus anti-sweatshop 
movements. 

For example, she said that in 
March of 1998, a petition was pro-. 

al organization as possibilities. 
Comisso also said she is confi -

dent that NATO has the power to 
cease bombing at any time, but 
added thaL if bombing stops it 
would be impossible to restart . 

Comisso added that she feels 
there are great economic conse-
quences as a result of Lhe NATO 
bombing, saying it has destroyed 
many lines of transportation to 
Austria, Romania, Yugoslavia and 
Macedonia. 

Comisso also said that the 
bombing has de~troyed the tourism 
industry of Croatia and Greece. 

In her speech, Bejko explained 
the nature of the long-standing hate 
between Serbs and Albanian and 
why these tens ions make many 
Albanians reluctant to even leave 
their homes. 

Bejko also said that she has 
li ved without water and does not 
wish that situation on anyone else. 

"If NATO bombs Belgrade, my 
heart breaks," Bejko said. 

Bej ko also referred to Dr. 
Martin Luther King Jr.' "I have a 
dream" speech. 

" I have a dream," Bejko said, 
"the Balkans will be civilized and 
peace will flourish ... We have had 
enough Holocaust and we don' t 
want another." 

Bejko responded to one audi-
ence member's concern over how 
to top the ethnic cleansing by 
responding that the solution lies in 

posed and signed by students 
throughout the UC campuses to 
support the policy that was 
approved the following August. 

Chan said that the petition was 
a big factor in informing UC stu-
dents and gathering their opinions 

w~ct to foreiin labor poli -
cies. 

Atkinson stated that the exami-
nation of international labor prac-
tices has been prevalent not only 
within the UC system, but 
throughout college campuses 
nation-wide. 

DESIGN NEXT YEAR 
JUST THINK AeOUT. IT 

534-6 

·London ••••••••••• .$546 
Parl ............... $692 
Franldurt •••••••• $715 
.. st.rdam ..... $680 
Mad ............... .$759 

AII_ ore "",n'Http. Tax not -. 
Some ... tnettons apply. CST UOl1eeo«l 

270-1750 
4475 ..................... ' 

.... DIUIO 

ST/j 
STA TRAVEL wrw_..-. 

www.statravel.com 

woe co,Jiafly invited 
to place 

an adve,·ti:JemenL in the 

graduation 
Y-jjue 

0/ 

GUAilDIAN 
:Jhurjda,;/ , 

June 3 
AD DEADLINE: 
TODAY, 2 pm 

CALL ('~3 ••• 
TORIS YOUR 

ADIPACEI 

The UCSD Guardian 

havi ng more tolerance for diversity. 
"By watching movements of a 

holocaust, we need to tight stereo-
ty~s and have tolerance for diller-
ent religions, differences in socio-
economic levels, different looking 
people," Bejko said . "We need to 
try to' be color blind rather then 
hate people who look different than 
us." 

Bejko said that many Albanians 
are being stripped of thei r identities 
as their license plates are being 
taken away and their documents 
destroyed. 

She also said pregnant mothers 
are being stabbed in their bellies 
and families are being thrown out 
of their homes, while those left 
behind are murdered. 

Bej ko added that she hopes for a 
future with no borders between 
Kosovo and Yugoslavia. 

McDaniel, an expert on Russian 
Society, discussed the war 's influ-
ence on Russian relations and said 
that there are significant disagree-
ments between NATO and Russia. 

"At the beginning of this war 
there was widespread view this 
would be a turning point in Russian 
American relations," McDaniel 
said. 

McDaniel added that there is an 
underlyi ng resentment to the west 
as Russia's power has been margin-
alized. He said that NATO's bomb-
ing was opposed in Russia and will 
thus alter political realities there. 

"There is a naLional movement 
to monitor the labor pra(;tices of 
multi -national corporations that 
ubcontract with domestic and for-

eign manufacturers," Atkinson stat-
ed. 

Atkinson added that the policy 
is destgnCl,l to [lllIintain "the uni ver-
sity 's social responsibility as an 
agent serving the public trust." 

SOLUTIONS 

.. _-

EWS 9 

,-----------------------1 
I 
I 
I 
I 

MOTOROlA M01OROLA MOTOROlA I 
II -"&~stocks ' lLTRAEXPRESS EXPRESSxmA I 29&~~~.kX.'"'" • Ti~~~=oIcrt 2O-rn<sSaS< memory . r ..... & dote I I (Aiphonomeiic p"s11l9 "",,1_> swnp • 7 musocol.icrts· ....." 
I $~ $4499 $5299 : 
I .... pllCtS ircludt actJVatlOO, t months· 1\'" scMcc; two ytarS free lIOOCe mall. llllimted paslns, and I I 5ouCha'n CiIIIonU, PhocnIlIlld LB YesIS CO'ICr • . Some rtsmctlons apply 
I ACTIVATE YOUR PRE-OWNED PAGER I 
I One yN' lIInltl"le prepaid. two 'lUIS $699ncludts II - ' _t. two \'< .... ·1 flee ~ce mall and flee activation ~ .. 1101(" mad II'd Ire. acllVOilOn 
I YEARS FREE VOICE MAtL ON ANY ACTtVATIONI GIFT I 
I ~ AGE "-E CERTIFKiIITES I I ~~ ~~ -~I 

5597-8 Ctalrtmont Mai Blvd. (In lMdIson Square Shopping C£nt£r) 619/268·9898 I 
I . Monday thfu rnd.~ 10,00 am t'o " ,00 pm . Saturday 11 00 1m to . -00 pm · Viw · MIstCfC.rd · 
I . American bprc" · DIKovcr · New customc n o nl y. Must prllent ad Otll lS up lr « 6 1 5 /9 9 I 
------------------------

What does your Resume 
say about YOU? 

We create Professional".. . t ' t . 
'lAS me lVe, 

Offer expires June IS, 1999 

A TTeNTION-ORABBINO ReSUMeS/ 
Designed to get you the job! ~/-: W~, 'SOH • 

,_4 ___ - .. • 

Resu_1I PII~kllgll 
(Jru:(wUs proftssimuJIy "Jigrrltf rrsullU o. tflS~ 

25 rr"mlS ant! 25 matcfrill(J tIf".{opts) 
Coata Verde SboppinS Center' 8650 Genesee Ave., St • . 200 

457-9500 

STORAGE USA 
STUDENT SPECIAL 

Need Space? We're the Place! 

Smart 
Women 
UCSD is famous for them. 

• 



10 CALENDAR The UCSD Guardian 

• 3p.m. I 
Conc.rt: Young 
Nee, featuring 
petition. $81$6. 
• 4 p.m Enckson Hall. 
Aleck Karis play an 
• 8 pm. MandeVille 
Concert: Ensembles under the direction of Jano 
Negyesy perform traditional literature. $5/$3. 

• Low Coat 1'tIIrmIC,-Over-the-counter items I , 
antaCids bandaids, Vitamins, skin care products, sunscreen, con-

ACADE ....... I ' contact lens products, etc.) all at discount •111'~~~~I~L In lirst floor of Student Health. Open M-F 8am-
. 9am-4 :30pm. 

FInt AId CII .... at Student Health! Classes'hetd 
Heatth - taught by American Red Cross-cerufled Instruc-

tors. Take Community CPR, Standard First Aid (with Reference Book) 
_ all for $25.oo! Sign up soon -ctasses lill up qurekly! Come to 2nd 
floor of Student Health Center, or e-mail pgrrlloOucsd.edu to sign 
up. -
• Get MlIIIIed1 Heahh Beat is a student publication tocuslng 
on health Issues. If you have talent In wrrting, graphic design, or 
layout. WE NEED YOU! E-mail the editor at heallhbeat@ucsd.edu 
• A.c.N-E IS a four letter word! Cure it at Student Health. Call 534-
8089 and make an appointment at the Derm CIinre! 
• SUIIIIIII HEALTH· .... ConlInutInI* UCID Student .. 
There is an access fee of $60 for each summer session to use Stu-
dent Health. Session t: June 14-July 31 . SeSSion II : August I-Sept. 
24 Save $30!! Pre-pay by 6/11 and you pay only $90 for BOTH 
sessions. Call 534-3300 for more Info! 

• Vlllt the UCID C_ Servlc .. Cent., 
online at W#W-csc ucsd.edu to find out about JObs, 
Inlernshlps, grad school Info, career options and 
many olher valuable resources. 
• NEED A JOI? Access thousands of lob IIShngs 
posted on the Career Services Center's home page 
al _w-c.c.uclCl ..... Summer JObs, part-time 

, career positions and Inlernshlps. For more In-
on paid Internships, drop In to see our 

I AdVisor Monday through Friday 1 p mA 
534-4472. 

to Prof.s.lon.1 or Gradu.t. 
out whal you need to know about 

't''''W'_V'''. " tests, financial aid , and let-
at Ihe Career ServIces Center's 

I and Fraduate School Opportunities 
IndiVidual adVISing IS available by appolnt-

Please VISit us Monday through Friday 8 a.m. 
pm. or call 534-4939. 

Help EKPlorI", C._ Optl_ or 
C.,.., GolIs? Drop In to see a ca-

adVISor Monday through Friday t :30-4 p m. at 
Career Services Center Morning apPointments 

are also available Be sure to pick up our Spring 
Calendar of Events Irom our front desk or Visit us 

at _w-clC.uc.d ..... 534-3750. 
think alcohol or substance abuse IS dl-

I I affecting your hfe? Alcohol & 
AlluM Peer c-Jora. Psycho-

logical & Counseling Services. Emily (619) 534-
5981. Conlldentlal, fnendly, free. 
• H.vl", PftIIII- with JOUI' t.ndIord or 
_.t., Want to find out what can do 10 
resolve your situahon? Come to the 
ant Clinic, Sponsored by Student Legal 
For more Info call 534-437 4. 

OngOing Mondays 
• GrIef .... , 1 :D-3p.m., 242SSB. For 
who have experienced the death of 
nificant. Members find support while rm."YlI_ 
bereavement. Led by Nancy Wahllg, 
Nancy to sign up. 

loIItI DlstMc. Lov., 3:30-5 p.m., Women's 
Conference Room, Muir College, HSS2025. 

I academic success is difficult enough, but 
more challen~ing when Irying 10 build 

a love relationship with a parlner or 
lives far away! This group prOVides a 

men and women to diSCUSS their experi-
ences and coping strategies. Led by Mary Woitke, 
534-5905. Call Mary for more informalion or to join 
the group. 

Ongomg Tuesdays 
• ..... and __ Molested .. ChIIdNn: 
9:30-11 :00 a.m. This group offers men and women 
who have experienced childhood and adolescent 
sexual abuse the opportun~y to obtain support from 
others who have had Similar expenences, to acquire 
coping mechanisms and Skills, and to explore the. 
trauma (when useful). Members Will have the chance 
10 acquire tools for dealing with Intense emohons 
and Increase their (already formidable) reSilience. 
The groups provide an environmenl which allows 
for explorahon of any factors which may have made 
seeking help more diffiCult. A ........ appoint. 
-' wlththe ...... _derla ........ Led 
by Mirian losupovici, 534-0255 and Mary Woitke, 
534-5905. Call Minam or Mary 10 JOIn the group. 

Ongomg Wednesdays 
·LltlnolChlc.no ~ Group. 2:30-4:30 
p.m. Hall Dome Lounge, MUll College. Family, par-
ents, economiCS, fnends, relahonshlps, culture and 

a.r ....... Ciil1.tdelllics - all these Ihemes are explore toward 
of graduatIOn from UCSD. Led by Reina Ei'Ei.lLlI.~C!= •• ~ez:!534-3875, and Dan Munoz, 534-0251 . Call 

• STUDENT HEALTH is here for YOUt We're a full 
service cliniC open to ALL registered students. You don' 
need heahh Insurance to use our services! Appointments 
for phYSICian VISitS and speCialty clinlcs- call 534-8089. 
Walk-In to Urgent Care weekdays 8am-4:30pm (Wed 9-
4.30pm) 
• Men'. H •• HII Info ... siona available from Stu-
dent Health Advocates. Learn about your sexual health, 
STD's, birth control, and generat health. Walk In session 
at Student Health on Frrdays at 11 a.m - or call 822-
1345 for ,ndiVidual appolnhments. 
• Emergenc, CorIt,.eptlon, annual exams, STD 
tests pregnancy tests, birth controt prescrrptlons, & 
health educauon -all at Women's CliniC, Student Heahh. 
Call 534-8089 for appt. CompIet." confldefttial -
always! 
• AnrIorIr-ua HIV t •• tl", at Student Healthl Walk 
In to Sign up at the Health Annex, lirst floor. $10 charge 
Includes pre- and post- counseling. Questions? Call a 
health educator at 534-2419. 
• Need CONOOYSnn Get 'em cheap at the Student 
Health Pharmacy 
• Cholesterol T .. ta at Student Health - sign up at 
the lirst floor bulieUn board for your apPOintment. A se"-
test that takes only a few minutes of your time! $5 fee. 
• FREE Nutrition C-Hlint at Student Health! 
Your appointment Includes a computerrzed, personat 
assessment. Make your apPOintment today! Call 534-
8089 
• Student Helllth IS here for YOU' We're a full ser-
vice cliniC open to ALL registered students. You don' 
need heahh Insurance to use our servlcesl Appointments 
for phYSICian VISitS and speCialty cliniCS - call 534-8089. 
Watk ,n to Urgent Care weekdays 8am-4·30pm. (Wed. 
9-4,30pm) 
• Individual Fitness " ... -m-at RIMAC ev-
ery Mon & Wed, 5-8pm. Walk In to the Wellness Room, 
2nd floor. A FREE studenl service prOVided by Student 
Health Advocates! Call 534-2419 for more Info! 
• Don't Go In the Oc.1IIII At least not unlll you've 
had your Hepautls A shots! If you surf or sWim In the 
ocean, conSider ImmUnlzauons to protect your health. 
Two shots - 6 months apart - $60 each Walk In to Stu-

Thursday, June 3 
6'45 pm Darkstar Offlce- Room 212, Old Student Center. Da~mi'" let.nc. FIction DInner will be at .the UTC food 

court. Meet at the off ice for rrdes and a brref meeting. Info: 586-
9452. 

Saturday, June 5 
• 1 pm -71 Old Student Center Classroom 1, 2, & 3. Dlrkstar 
aaMlnt·Me.tInt. We'll have tons of games & tons of fun!! Info: 
586-9452. . 

Ongoing 
• Circle K .... tlnt 7 p.m. at Gallery A In the Pllce Center every 
Monday. Come If you want to help out your community. Contact 
Julie for more Info. at 919-2745. 
• Looking for Intellectual stlmulauon? DISCUSS and debate hoi top-
ICS such as nuclear proliferation, cloning, the enVIronment. and the 
ethical use of sCience and technology With Student ....... '" 
USA! Corne every other Wednesday starting 4/14 upsta~s In Qld 
Student Center Room.2 at 6 p.m. All Ideas are welcome! 
• InternnitJ CI\rIItIIft FeIIowal\lp. Come develop you reta-
uonshlp With God and meet coot people. No experience necessary. 
Thursdays at 7:30 p.m. Revelle/Murr at HSS 2250. Marshalt,Warrenl 
ERG at Solis 104. 
• UCSD'I ...-- lIMe. c... holds FREE Friday Fun Ses-
SionS every Friday from 2-4 p.m. In the North Balcony of the Main 
Gym Come LEARN and PRACTICE dances like: Hustle, Cha-Cha, 
SWing, Tango, Wahz and more! Also keep any eye out for the club's 
quarte'ly FREE dances. 
• Become a 01 __ volunteer! Come by the Dean's Office 
or College center for an application Alten one mandatory meeting 
on Tues. May 18 at 5:30 p.m. or Thurs, June 3 at 5.00 p.m. In the 
Revelle Conference Room C. 

Ongoing 
• Hlft • "" !Mal with HIIIeIInd UJO 
every Friday evening at 6 p.m .. Your choree of 3 
Shabbat services. Reform, Conservative, or Or-
thodox Call 534-2521 for more informaUon. 
• UIIIverIitJ Lutheran Church Invites you to 
our weekly worship service on Sunday at 10.15 a.m. 
and free student supper and bible study every Wed. 
at 6 p.m. 9595 La Jolla Shores Dr. !tust off campus) 
453-0561 

r. Hot Dog HZ: H you've enjoyed th ~ e Calendars over 
past few ye r~ ... it'~ .b~~. a P~~ .. ~.~_I!' .. ~~i~_~ ~em. I'll miss you 

lor more Information. 
• GrHuat. __ .. Group, 3:30-5:30 p.m. 
Women's Center, 412 University Cenler. This IS a 
year-long therapy group. TYPlcallhemes (generated 
by the members) Include academlC/prfofesslonal 
Identity, dealing With mulhple roles, maintaining ro-
manlic relalionships, and prOViding care lor sell, Led 
by EqUila Luke, 534-0248 and Chnstle Fukunaga, 
534-5989. Call Equila or Chnstie for a pre-group ap-
pOintment. 
• Graduat ........ and W-rs Group, 4:30-
6 p.m. 242 SSB. This group IS for graduate students 
who are interesled In exploring relahonshlps, aca-
demic/professional issues and personal concerns, 
Including translorming frustration, fear, disaPPOint-
ment and loneliness to reSIlience, and 
satisfaction. Groups continue 
demic year and nPIAI mP'Tlhp,r< 
IngS occur, and acc:ornoda,titJI 
academic requirements. 
lerent time is also forming. 
mahon.) Led by Miriam IOSUPOVlCi, 534-0255 and 
Rob Mashman, 534-0252. Call Rob or Miriam for a 
pre-group appointment before corning to 
the group. II there ale enough studenls 
Interested a second group Will form. 

Tuesday, June I. 1999 

Ongomg Thursdays 
H' 4.30-5.30 p.m. 3248 

lor me to get InlO a 
qUickly? Why IS It 

the same destruc-
any of these ques-

lions sound familiar? These many other tOPICS are diS-
cussed In thiS coed group for grads and undergrads. Led by 
Linda Young, 534-3987 Students should call Linda before 
Coming to Ihe group 

OngOing Ffldays 
• WhIt .. Love Got To Do Wltll H' 12 00-1.30 p.m .. 3248 
Literature Building, Am I ge",ng too Involved too qUickly? 
Why is It so hard to trust hlnv'her? Am I repealing the same 
destructive patterns? Do any 01 these questIOns sound farml-
lar? These and many other tOPICS are discussed In thiS coed 
group lor grads and undergrads, Led by linda Young, 534-
3987. Fndays 12-1:30 p m. Students should call Linda be-
fore coming 10 the group. 
• AIi .... AlMrtc.n CommunIty Forum, 12-1.30 p.m, 
Cross Cultural Center, 510UCtr This Informal drop-In group 
IS deSigned to address the concerns of ASlan/Paclflc Islander 
students at UCSD In a supporllve and problem solving atmo-
sphere. Issues such as career and academiC success, lam-
Ily pressures, cultural Identity and relationships are pOSSible 
tOPICS, Feel free to brrng your lunch! Led by Chrrslle Fukunaga, 
534-5989, and John Wu, 534-1579. 
• Alcohol .nd ...... tanc. AlluM I..,ort Group, 2-
4p.m. Half Dome Lounge, MUir College. If you ever have 
ever asked yourself, 'Do I have a problem With ... .1', 
then perhaps you are ready to explore the response. Led by 
Dan Munoz, 534-0251 and Mary WOltke, 534-5905, and Jerry 
Phelps, 822-2614. 
• ~ lIack Forum, 4 '30-6 p.m. Cross Cultural Cen-
ter, 510 UniverSity Center. Campus Black Forum IS an Inlor-
mal and supporllve ~atherrng where we InVite open diSCUS-
sion and exchange Ideas, questions, and concerns on any 
topic relevant to the lives and experrences of people of Afri-
can descent. It IS a place to comect With other students 

, staff ",and.;::,:'=.:.c..::,-.=. ''''' 

• cwo presents the film: Sioux City. Born poor on an Indian 
reservation in Nebraska, adopted by a wealthy couple in Los 
Angeles, and endowed with the best educahon their adop-
tive parents can afford, a young boy searches for his ances-
tors. Solis 104 at 7:30p.m. 

• Friday, June 4 
• 7 p.m. Mandeville AUditorium, .... DIeto ~ 
FIIIII F .. tlvll: "TIll". for the TIp.. (SpalnlCatalunya) 
S6 Gen. Admission, $4 Students. 

Saturday, June 5 
• All levels of ....... lnatructlon beginning al the MI. 
lion .., AqutIc Center, on beautiful Mission Bay. Prices 
and times vary, so please give us a call for more Informahon 
and a brochure. (619) 488-1036. 

Monday, June 7 
• The UCSD Community Chorus will be performing a vanety 
of a-capella songs in honor of sprrng from noon-l p.m. at the 
Women's Center. 

OngOing 
• Want to laugh your butt off? Come see ....... tile leript 
lilts tile F ... " Improv, live every other Wednesday at WNH? 
Coffee next to Plaza Cafe. Call Mike at 297-8324 for detaitz. 
• UCID 1aIIa'l Ct. WHk" .... tInp. Mondays at 7 
p.m. Everyone welcome. Please e-mail bahaiOucsd.edu or 
558-8220 for location or more Info. 
• Karaok. NIghtI. Every Wednesday through May 19th. 
7-9 p.m. There Will be prizes for the best performers in vary-
Ing categorres. They are at Round Table Piua in Price Cen-
ter. For information call 822-2068. 
• UCID l1l\I'1 Ct. UnIty GlltlMrtnpl Every Thurs-
day at 7:30 p.m. Informal discussion and films about the te-
nets of the Baha'i Faith. Everyone welcome. Free refreshments. 
Location: 8799 Gilman Dr . • C; call 558-8220 or e-mail 

. bahaiOucsd.edu for more info. 
* TIle BIG 1ItOW. Sundays at 10 p.m. Ch. 18 SRTV Right 
aher the X-Files. 
* The IIIIion .., AquatIc Cent. on beautifut MIS-
sion Bay offers all levelS of instruction In water-Skiing, 
Wakeboardlng , surfing, sailing, kayaking, and Wlndsurfrng. 
Classes begin May 8, 1999, so call now and receive one of 
our colorful brochures! (619) 488-1036, 
• The Minion .. , Youth Weter Iporta Camp IS a 
fun filled aquatic day camp for ages 6-17 that offers activltes 
such as water-skiing, Wakeboarding, sailing, kayaking , surf-
ing, and windsurfing. The camp is held on beauhful MISSIon 
Bay at the world renown Mission Bay Aquatic Center. There 
are thirteen weekly summer sessions begrmng June r. 1999 
and ruming through September3, 1999. For a detailed 
brochure or to register your child, please call : (61S) 

, 

Tuesday, June I, 1999 

,_May -\1, .\~9 
The UCSD Guardian 

, . . d have the 
the other h~ , d 
average ~tabaga ~n 
a \ilde harder. . ' 

. To aU the' 
fe~sors who 
. for my remark~ 
p\ementary \ 
assignments 

_. ·' '''s ARY H'GG~" . M . S-"ta(( Writer 
_insanity 
foUow 

SenIor ':}) 
. ' about the 

The beauti~u\ lhl,ng. ht is that 
00<,", Fe~u"a\ at , ~,g . Sun 

yOU can get . ~p~ra~ed 

Attentio: :-To the guy in the steak delivery truck who pulled up next to me at a 
stoplight last week and called out, 
"Hey, will you buy some steaks from 
me if I wash your carT' 

I replied. "But I'm vegetarian," 
and sped away because I was 
embarrassed about the layer of grime 
on my Saturn, not because I found 
you unallractive, For the record, I'm 
nOI a vegetarian, and feel free to wash 
my car any time you wanl. 

used the threal of "exposure" to coerce 
my friends into doing me favors. I've 
even used my lofty Guardian status as 
a sneaky way to pick up on good-look-
ing guys. I also used it to meelthe guys 
on the Koala staff "" 

SpeakIng of our favorite marsupials, 
I must admit that my primary motiva-
tion in meeting them this year was to 
cover my ass - I lived in pelllCtual 
fear that I would wind up caricatured 
on the front page of their paper. Hence, 
I made it my mission this year to kiss 
the Koala :r collective ass, first by inter-
viewing them for my column and then 
by occasionally bribing them with beer, 

people were actually reading my Sluff, 
I siarted out Ihis column with the 

hope it would become a "Dear Abby" 
sort of deal. What happened was that 
no one ever wrote in to ask for advice 
(apparently everyone else at this 
school has their shit together), but 
some people did send me some very 
nice lellers telling me they liked it 
when I wrote about sex. 

After being the school's "Psycho" 
for Iwo years, I really feel a rapport 
with the student body_ I think this fact 
linally hit home a couple weeks ago 
when a very sweet classmate of mine 
told me she'd actually saved one of my 

Dearest readers: After writing 
somelhing like 50 columns as the resi-
dent Psycho Therapist. it's time for me 
to say goodbye. It is with great regret 
that I relinquish my reign as UCSD's 
Queen of Questionable Joumalism, 

It's been a wonderful two years - a 
hell of a lot more fun than writing news 
- and it 's safe to say that almost every-
thing exciting I've done was inspired 
solely by the thought, "If I stay home 
and sit on my ass all week. then I'll 
have nothing to write about on Friday 
night." My explorations at Black 's 
Beach and other traumatic experiences 
were all thanks to this column. 

It's time for me to say goodbye, It is with 
great regret that I relinquish my reign as 

UGSD's Queen of Questionable Journalism. 

In addition to prompting new 
adventures, my job as a Features 
writer often helped to shine a positive 
light on events in my life. For exam-
ple, when some guy got his ass kicked 
in front of my ghetto apartment and 
passed out on my patio last year, the 
firsl thought thai entered my mind 
was, "Well, at least I can devote 1,000 
words to how hot the tiremen were 
who came and hauled him away_" 

I never won any awards for this col-
umn, which is only fair; I've lacked 
journalistic integrilY at times_ I've lied_ 
I've taunted innocent engineers_ I've 

PS. 

Although my initial intentions were 
selfish. something strange happened this 
quarter .. , I started wandering down the 
hall to the Koaln office just to "hang 
out." I discovered that I liked this bizarre 
group of social deviates ". if you're 
going to hang out in the guuer, do il with 
people who have a sense of humor. 

Yes, I've met some interesting types 
in the last two years: gorgeous bache-
lors, guys in chicken costumes, Black's 
Beach freaks, angry comm majors and 
even Otis Day, the musician of "Ani-
mal House" fame ("Otis. my man!"), 

I think the most interesting people 
I've encountered. however, are the ones 
I never actually "met" - the ones who 
e-mailed lne, People sent me every-
thing from poetry to death threats, and 
time and time again it amazed me that 

columns that held special meaning for 
her and that she re-read it from time to 
time_ I took that compliment very per-
sonally - just as I took all my cri.ticism 
personally - because I put a lot of 
myself into my wriling. You guys out 
there - some of whom I will never 
even have the opportunity to meet -
matter to me in a big way. I'm so grate-
ful that I got to be a part of your life 
every Monday, I'm grateful you felt 
that I had something interesting to say 
(at least some of the time), 

This leads me to the "thank you" 
section of my swan song_ First off, if it 
hadn 't been for ex-editor in chief and 
very dose friend Terry Lew, I would 
never have joined the G stalf_ Instead, r 
would have been recruiled by the 

See PSYCHO, Page 13 

FEATURES I I 

After almost two 
years and 45 

columns (not to 
mention five years 

of solid education)) 
Mary is graduating. 

In the tradition of 
(Seinfeld)) 'Mad 

About You) and 
'Melrose Place)) we 
celebrate her final 

swan song with the 
laughs we all 

remember. 



• I 

12 FEATURES 

The BEST 
BEST OF: 
Remembering the 
naked people 
Continued frOlll ..... 11 
in a great mood. I arrived at Class 
only to realize that the test had 
been rescheduled for Wednesday 
- the previous Wednesday. 

J missed the dang test. 
Apparently, the professor 

announced the change about half a 
million times in lecture. The prob-
lem? I don 't go to lecture. 
May 28, 1998 

To me, the '90s have been ear-
marked by a glut of cell phones and 
talk shows. It 's like people just 
can ' t shut the hell up. I ha ve 
visions of tourists meditating in 
Tibet when suddenly a loud beep-
ing noise shallers the cool. moun-
tain air. "Oh, that's my pager," 
someone says. "Where 's the near-
est pay phone"" 
Jun. 1, 1998 

In retrospect, there are some 
people who deserve my grati tude. 
I'd really like to thank the naked 
people, the bio nerds and the 
hygienica lly cha llenged students 
who sit next to me in lecture every 
day. lfit weren ' t forthese people, I 
would have no one to write about. I 
also want to thank the chemistry 
delprtment, without whom I would 
have no angst. And most of all , 1 
want to thank my dear readers for 
taking the time to send me such 
nice fan mail. From now on, how-
ever, please, just send money. 

Sept......., 22, 1998 
My name is Mary and I'm what 

you would call a fifth-year "Super 
Senior." The reason why I've been 
at this school for so long is because 
I can't get enough of the food at 
Canyon Vista. Also, at the end of 
my junior year, 1 thought it would 
be fun to change my major from 
communications to biology. 

As a comm major, I could have 
graduated halfway through my 
freshman year. Instead 1 decided to 
"ex plore my options." Take it from 
me, exploring your options is total-
ly unnecessary and will get you 
nowhere in life. Three nervous 
breakdowns and a rehabilitation 
clinic later, I'm a communications 
major agai n. 
October 12, 1998 

Sven said nothing at first. He 
j ust gave me a once-over, his eyes 
narrowing as he glanced at my hair. 
Now I' m the first to admit that my 
Ilair isn't exactly an objet d'an (i t 
looks windblown, but on ly as 
though [' ve been standing in a tor-
nado). The look Sven gave me was 
downright rude. 

"You were struck by lightening, 
maybe?" he suggested, stroking hi s 
goatee. 

"No, my hair always looks like 
t.his," 1 told him. "I'm sorry." 

Sven 's gaze lingered for a 
moment and [ held my breath, hop-
ing he would find me worthy. 
Finally, he turned on his heel and 
led me to his station. 
October 19, 1998 

1 promise not to seek revenge on 

The UCSD Guardian 

the administration if they grant me 
a few simple demands: 

( I) To be reimbursed for the 
tank of gas I burned up as 1 
searched for a parking space that 
didn 't exist. 

(2) To be compensated for the 
half a grade 1 was docked when I 
failed to attend class and turn in my 
assignment. 

(3) Two or three multi -level 
parking structures to be erected on 
campus before I graduate. That's a 
fairly gcnerous time frame . 

[f all of the above requests are 
satistied, I'll shut my mouth about 
on-campus parking forever. If, 
however, the powers that be contin-
ue to heartless ly .ignore the stu-
dents ' parking needs, [ will con-
struct a giant tatue of the Black's 
Beach Naked Man in froot of the 
chancellor's complex. 

Don ' t think I won' t do it. [' m 
twisted like that. 
October 28, 19" 

Underneath our humor-filled 
banter, however, we were dealing 
with private pain in our personal 
lives. She felt up-rooted and tired 
of living out of her suitcase. [ was 
close to failing out of school. I 
learned there are two kinds of peo-
ple in the world: those who bail on 
you when the chips are down and 
those who stand by you when 
things get tough. Wilma and I saw 
each other at our worst and it 
brought out our best. 

When she left for Michigan two 
months ago, I thought I would miss 
her like crazy. Then I realized 1 talk 

on the 'Phone with her about three 
times a week, which is still more 
than J talk to mOst of my friends. 
When J got my $70 phone bill I 
hardly flinched. 

It was like buying $70 worth of 
laughter. 
Nov""'" 30, 1 ... 

Call me unusually attracted to 
the odd and perverse, but as the 
night went on I began to enjoy 
myself. The Koala staffers are an 
unusual bunch. For example, some 
of them believe that the life-sized 
cut-out of Fabio in their office 
window actually speaks to them. 
Also, they told me wild tales of 
being mobbed by female groupies 
in the supermarket. It wasn't clear 
to me how they believed thesc 
delusiOhal fantasies si nce they 
vehemently dcnied using hallu-
cinogenic drugs. 
Aprt119,1999 

This is the story of the Little, 
Red Writing Ho (before she became 
the Psycho Therapist). Oncc upon a 
time, [ shacked up in a Baja hotel 
room with a frat boy, a double bed 
and enough alcohol to stun a rhinoc-
eros. There was only one inconve-
nience - the presence of a third 
party - but he was unconscious in 
thc next bed over and not likely to 
wake so long as the noise (ahem) 
was kept to minimum. 

Beer bottles littered the 1100r. I 
was the only female within arm's 
reach. Ah yes, it was the perfect 
setting to tinally .satisfy my curios-
ity about that oh-so-enticing world 
of SEX. 

Tuesday, June I, 1999 

..,10,1999 
It was the night before the 

midterm, and I was frantically pho-
tocopying 90 pages out of Barber's 
reader when Bucket, Coach a(ld I 
decided to combine forces and 
study together. This is the Univer-
sal Law of Comm: 'Thou shah not 
study in advance ... thou shah run 
around the night before trying to 
mooch the reader off of your class-
mate, then study maniacally until 
you wind up face down in a puddle 
of drool." Some people make fun 
of comm for being an easy major 
and to this I counter, "You think it 's 
EASY cramming five weeks worth 
of reading into one night?" 
_24, 19ft 

Well, future or no future, I know 
I'm ready to graduate. I've been at 
UCSD for five years now, which is 
nearly 25 percent of my entirc life. 

I' ve seen just about everything 
there is to see. I saw the fountain in 
the Price Center turned into a tcm-
porary bubble bath. [ was around 
when some good-humored engi -
neers constructed a giant, papcr-
air-plane statuc in the Warren Mall. 
I saw a sophomore dress up like a 
chicken and run around campus all 
day (OK. so I didn' t actually scc 
him, but I was the one who paid the 
guy to do it in the first place). [ 
attended the basketball game in 
which RlMAC was filled nearly to 
capacity in an effort to "Save 
Dave." 

I saw Guardian and Koala 
staffers party together like a bunch 
of old drinking buddies. 

Tuesday, June I, 1999 The UCSD Guardian FEATURES [3 

PSYCHO: 
Monday column let 
her 'emote' 

LETTERS to the PSYCHO THERAPIST 
ContI .... frOIIIpaC. 11 
Koala, which means I'd probably be 
addicted to four different kinds of 
illegal substances by now. Special 
thanks to fonner Features editor Gen 
Cox and current Guardian Goddess 
Jessica Scheppmann for letting me 
do this in their wonderful section 
every week. lfit weren' t for Jessica's 
encouragement this year ("OK, write 
something funny this time, damn 
it!") and the kind letters hcr mom 
sent me, I don 't think I would have 
made it to the end. Thanks to all my 
friends who faithfully read my col-
umn and (a) let me know when it 
"didn't suck too bad" and (b) didn't 
get pissed whcn they found the 
details of their love lives splashed all 
over Monday 's edition. Last, but not 
least, thank you random reader for 
giving me a raison d'ctre (that's 
French for "a reason not to chuck it 
all and head oft· to Mexico"). 

Moll, • Nov 1918 
Dear Mary, 

Hey, here's a thought on your 
males are hippos article. 1 am a 
pretty nice guy, definitely not a pig 
or hippo or neanderthal, or what-
ever you want to call those type of 
guys. And all through college, my 
friends had this joke where they 
wondered if I really was a guy 
because I was so nice. 

So, J guess my point is that , in 
general, women assume most all 
men are pigs. TheY ' made fun of 
me for being sensitive. 

Another moral from that story 
- ahhough almost all of my close 
friends are female, basically none 
have ever wanted to date me. If 
there is one thing that college has 
taught me (there might be 2 things 
total), that is that, as shallow as 
guys are, girls are even shallower. 
Even the most prudish girl will sit 
and drool over an attractive guy, . 
even if he is a mean jerk. 

David Mitchell 

TU.,9F_19ft 
Dear Mary, 

You two have detinitely mas-
tered the skill of "talking out of 
one's ass." I've never before been 
compelled to comment on any 
anicle, no matter how wrong, stu-
pid, or offensive. But the "He 
Said" and "She Said" columns 
were so off the wall, so totally far-
fetched, [ felt it to be my responsi-

bility as one of the lucky readers to 
write in. 

As much as I enjoy reading 
about Hewitt and her boobs and 
Pamela and her boobs and Lopez 
and her big butt [ don ' t see why 
they have a place in the paper. Try 
something new, something more 
original, something halfway sin-
cere. 

Marina Cutsman 

Mon, 9 Feb 1999 
Dear Mary, 

[ read your article with a sad 
feeling. It is always unsettling 
when someone's irresponsible 
behavior ruins not only one's day, 
but the whole perception of things 
- as it seems to have happened in 
your case. [will allow myself to 
offcr a perspective from "the other 
end." 

"That 's my gripe about Black's 
Beach. It tends to attract not only 
the ' liberated' nudists, but also 
lonely, psychotic jerks who have 
mastered the an of intimidation. [ 
think these 'naked people' feel 
they need to make a point. Maybe 
they ' re proud of their body. 
Maybe all they want is a little 
attention. Or maybe they're just 
sick." 

I was not sure whether the 
"naked people" In the second 
paragraph referred to the psychot-
ic ~erks or to "liberated nudists" in 
general. Cenainly, in any large 

group of people there are people 
who exhibit strange behavior or 
are downright sick. 

Yet, the majority of nudists are 
not out there to make a point, nor 
are they proud of their bodies. It 's 
not even the case that they want 
attention - on the contrary, most 
nudists would prefer to be left 
alone to enjoy the sun and freedom 
from clothes. 

Best regards from the East 
Coast. 

Oleg Sokolsky, Ph.D. 
sokolsky@cccc.com 

Philadelphia, PA 

TU., 21 M.y 1999 
Dear Mary, 

[ hope that this message gets to 
you because I'm not sure if r have 
the right address or nol. Anyway, J 
just wanted to thank you for all the 
wonderful articles you have written 
while I have attended UCSD. 

I came hear in the Fall of '97 
as a transfer student, and for my 
first year I felt completely alone. 
[f I hadn't had your anicles to 
keep me laughing (and keep my 
looking busy as I sat alone in my 
classes), I probably would have 
never seen the human side to this 
big institution. 

Well , I'm a graduating senior 
now (finally!), and while I've 
made many new friends, I still 
enjoy sitting down and reading 
what you have to say for the week . 

[ appreciate the times that you've 
opened your hean to us and the 
times when you've made a com-
plete fool of yourself. You never 
had to explain (although some-
times you did), because I knew 
exactly where you were coming 
from. 

Anyway ... you will always be 
a part of my UCSD memory. Best 
of luck in the real world. 

Cindi Tarwinski 

Wed, 12 May 1999 
Hi Mary-

r just wanted to drop you a line 
and say how much I've enjoyed 
reading your articles this year. I'm 
a founh year as well & sometimes 
it helps me to realize that other 
people go through the same thing 
as I do & it makes me see that 
everything should not be so cen-
tered around the individual. [ look 
forward to reading the paper & you 
always provide a guarantee for a 
good laugh or thought...ii kind of 
gives me some son of stability 
(like coffee in the morning or get-
ting pizza every Friday night with 
my friends). It always happens. I 
can't believe how fast this year is 
going & that I'm gonna graduatc. 
I'm sure you feel the same. 

Take care & keep up the good 
writing 

From someone who enjoys 
reading them, 

Wendy Fast 

Well, I guess this is it. My time 
here is almost at an end. What am [ 
going to do witiJout my special space 
to "emote" evcry week? Maybe 
when Dear Abby finally retires I can 
take her job. Maybe a fabulously 
wealthy sirloin steak delivery guy 
will marry me and take me away to a 
tropical island. Who knows? The 
moral of this story, and the beauty of 
life, is that you never know where 
you're going to wind up (i.e. be nice 
to the person who asks you if you 
want to "super size those fries" 
because it could be me!) So long, 
UCSD. I wish you well. 

Much love, Wanna design ~ GuardiM1? Wait a sec, you can't, the year.is over.f(Next year though, yes?) 
Your Psycho Therapist 

APPLICATIONS FOR THE 
SAM AND ROSE 

STEIN INSTITUTE FOR 

RESEARCH ON AIINI 

199.2000 STUDENT 
INVESTIGATOR 
FELLOWSHIPS 

ARE NOW BEING 
ACCEPTED 

The program i designed to encourage students in pursuing research 

in age-related diseases while fostering mentor 

relationships with SIRA Affiliated UCSD faculty members. 

UCSD enrolled undergraduate & graduate students 
who are interested in laboratory fellowships focused 

on age related disease may pick up 

applications at The Stein Clinical Research Building, 

room 146, UCSD School of Medicine. All applications 

must be received by AUiust 1. 1999 (will be •• oiloble S/13I99) 

FOR MORE INFORMATION CALL 
5348299. 

Attention: STUDENTS! 

~J.rlf:J. SI~I .. I~ S'Il)Rl'f.l~ 
Store Your Stuff 
~.~ With Us! 

'SUMMER FOR $99* 
Let us MOVE YOU FREE 

and you can forget about school 
for the Summer! 

Close to Campus. 
Reserve your space NOW!!! 
P.S. It pays to talk about us. 
• some restrictions apply. cd for detAIls 

• 

5206 Eastgate Mall 

Call Now! (619}451-1047 



. \ 

14 FEATURES 

ARENA 
What are the best and worst 
things about UCSD? 
Interviews by Jesyka Ashlar 
Photography by Julius Choi 

The best thing is there' 
variety of people here. 
I think that it's a really 
competitive school and 
maybe that's not 
something that I'm really 
comfortable with. 

Pilar Agalisoll 
Revelle Freshman 

UCS D, enough said. 

Todd Lerose 
Warren Senior 

I like San Diego. The 
worst is having to walk so 
far. 

Bret Goldsmith 

The concerts have been 
pretty rockin', It 's good 
when it 's hot and the girls 
wear their bikinis to class. 
The worst thing is when 
the girl s run away when 
I'm trying to a k them fo r 
their phone number. 

It is broken down into 
small colleges. Y.ou get to 
know people better. As a 
freshman , it 's not as 
threatening. It 's a 
commuter school, so 
there 's no unity. It makes 
for no social life here, 
nothing goes on. 

Kate Kaplan 
Muir Freshman 

The UCSD Guardian Tuesday, June I, 1999 

CROSSWORD By Ed Volle 

-
1 Black shade 
4 Teeter-totter 
10 Venomous snake 
15 Shortened wd. 
19 Woodshed tool 
20 Resptratory ailment 
21 Sign of spring? 
22 Kicker Yepremlan 
23 DICapno mOVie, With -The-
26 Kimono sashes 
27 Shapeless form 
28 Kept back 
29 Perch 
30 Fingerboard (ldges 
31 Landing area 
33 -Kldnapped- author's Innlals 
34 Fedora feature 
35 Speaks too proudly 
36 Disney dwarf 
38 Inarticulate sounds 
40 -M eA- S·W clerk 
4 2 _ -de-France 
43 OpPOsIte of NNE 
46 Chandler mystery 
50 Learnll1g org, 
51 Acute Infectious disease 
53 Amazon estuary 
54 Stupefy with dflnk 
56 Co'oruSls' oeslre 
58 Va dIg? 

61 Russian Villas 

5130199 
TMSPuulesOaol.com 

116 Wage-slave' s refrain 
118 _ podnda 
119 Chinese Amencan secret society 
120 Zsa Zss Gabor mOVie, with eThe-
123 SandwICh cookIe 
124 Mature Insect 
125 TOiled 
126 Tack on 
127 Attention getter 
128 Plague (WIth) 
129 _ kick (football gamble) 
130 Yo! 

-
1 Ooor columns 
2 Glonfy 
3 Coo.r voice 
4 _ Luis Obispo. CA 
5 Old Testament bOOk: abbr. 
6 Knockout gas 
7 Winters of HOllywooct 
8 EQUidistant trom bow and stern 
9 Open hostilities 
10 Landed estate 
11 Omale wardrobe 
12 like noXIOUS air 
13 Top of the heap 
14 lovlte 
15 Spartan marketplace 
16 Easy marks 
17 Likety to crack 
18 Ant3rctJc body of water 
24 Laun dItto 
25 Sphere 
30 Spoken of previously 
32 Oawnan on • punt 
35 _ beans 
37 Tenor EnriCO 
39 Hidden obstacle 
41 Small amount 
43 Pioned 
44 Ostentatiousty 

:~ i~~~=o f~~rs 
48 Therapy 
49 Break out of one 's shell? 
52 'The Ipcress F,le' author DeIghton 
55 Mil, training course 
57 Bridge POSItionS 
59 GoSSip tidbit 
60 , london subways 
62 Moves to action 
63 Prescient woman 
66 Turkish monetary unit 
68 -_: or, Virtue Rewarded-

64 McGreeor of -Emma-
65 Tight closure 
67 Misbehave 
69 Gre~'s nller 
70 Hr, fracoon 
71 Matt Crowley play. WIth ' The' 
74 Misfortune 
75 Benefactor Vale 
77 Senator Thurmond 
78 Brief note 
79 Two SQUared 
80 Generator 
82 Oregon capital 
84 Release 
86 Actress Hedren 
88 Ar t school subi . 
90 Madonna's child 
91 Japanese drama 
93 Dave Foley's former troupe 
97 Draft k!tters 
98 Minevem 
99 Head bulge 
100 Stevedores' org. 
101 Earllke projection 
103 Writer Gordimer 
105 Bank security letters 
1.08 letter carrier: jJbbr. 
110 SWord stroke 
114 Dazes 
115 Bea Arthur sitcom 

71 Yokels 
72 Pitcher Ryan 
73 Charactertsttc of freeways 
76 Yokohama OK 
79 In place of 
81 Spout thoughts 
83 Half a cIolphln fIsh? 
85 Humdingers 
87 Infamous Amln 
89 Fund-raising event 
91 Unceasing 
92 Eloquent public speakers 
94 To the extent that 
95 Pamper 
96 Closet Ilems 
102 Lay eyes on 
104 Bar of metal 
106 Ninny 
107 frve score: abbr, 
109 -It Must Be Him- singer Carr 
111 MueZZin 'S God 
112 Playground ride 
113 Readily available 
115 Play charades 
117 Friendly or Couples 
120 FrictIOn reduction device 
121 Even prime number 
122 Dutch commune 

SL'L' cmss/mrd .milltivlIs VII {X/ML' 9 -------------

Exceptional Instructors For Eacb or 
Tbe Six Topic Areas or Tbe MCAT1"f'-ri'-i"I'-li'i 
Excellent Review Materials Tbat You 
Get To Keep And Take ". V "'''rl'-~,~1'-tI 

1-800-.622-8827 
www.berkeley·review.com 

Tuesday, June I, 1999 The UCS D Guardian 

HOROSCOPES 

LINDA C. BLACK 
Trihune Media Semices 

ARIES 
Marcb 27 - April 19 

Move quickly Monday and you 
may get to the prize before anyone 
catches you. Tuesday and Wednes-
day are good for husiness and prol~ 
it. Listen and learn on Thursday and 
Friday from your panner and your 
friends. Your luck in love improves 
on Saturday. Be generous until it 
hurts on Sunday. It ' ll do you good. 

TAURUS 
April 20 - May 20 

This week focus on Iinancial 
mailer. as if you didn 't do enough 
of that already. This time, instead 
of finding ways to save, you' ll be 
Iinding ways to make more money. 
On Monday, your best bet is 
through investments. Tuesday and 
Wednesday you'll find the best 
deals by looking in catalogs, espe-
cially for vendors who arc far 
away. From Thursday through Fri-
day, your best source of income 
involves a conversation with a per-
son in a position of authority. Over 

the weekend, you'll get the best 
support from your good friends . 

GEMINI 
May 21 -June 21 

The sun 's in your sign all week. 
giving you an advantage, and that's 
going to get even more obvious as 
the week progresses. On Monday, 
you're looking good, especially if 
you're working with a partner who 
has skills you lack. On Tuesday and 
Wednesday, do business that 
involves other people's money. On 
Thursday, wrap up chores early so 
you can travel. Thursday through 
Saturday keep up your appearence, 
especially on group outings. By Sun-
day you may be exhausted. It 's a 
great day I~ritual contemplation. 

CANCER 
J1Ine 22 -JIt~y 22 

Your mind is probably buzzing 
this week. You ' re most likely worry-
ing about work-related mailers on 
Monday. Just wait a while, and 
things will calm down there. Tues-
day and Wednesday, the fuss is about 
a partner, and changes you ' re doing 
together. Thursday and Friday would 
be good for going over your invest-
ments and insurance coverage. Sat-
urday and Sunday should be good 
for travel, and on Sunday, you 
should feel yourself geuing smarter. 

LEO 
Ju~y 23 - Aug . 22 

You're good with teams thi s 
week. Social activi ties should be 
taking up lots or your time, espe-
cially on Monday. You' ll have more 

THINKING OF MO 
OFF-CAMPUS? 

Here's a break for your parents-a chance for 
them to write off some of your college tuition! 

How, you asH 

invitations than you can possibly 
accept, so you may have to reject a 
few, but try not to reject the people 
who asked you . Tuesday and 
Wednesday are full on work days. 
Don' t plan anything else. Thursday 
and Friday, you may have 10 ask a 
partner to help. Over Ihe weekend. 
you' ll be gelling luckier in love. 
Sunday is a good day to buy gifts for 
other people. You know just what a 
loved one wanls. 

VIRGO 
Aug. 23 - Sept . 22 

You might tend to be nervous 
while Ihe sun is in Gemini , bUI Ihe 
upside is that il will make you mcn-
tally and physically quicker. That ' ll 
be nOliccable Monday. Slay away 
from stimulants. Tuesday and 
Wednesday, you' ll sell Ie down long 
enough to have some romancc in 
your life, we hope. Thursday and 
Friday, you' ll pick up speed agai n 
as your work load increases. Do the 
job perfeclly. Over the weekend, a 
panner can help you relax . 

LIBRA 
Sept. 23 - Oct. 22 

The sun 's in Gemini this week, 
which helps you travel and also 
learn advanced subjecls. On Tues-
day and Wednesday, it ' ll be easy to 
get flu stered. There's too much 
stimulation. On Thursday and Fri -
day, sell Ie down, hopefully in 
pleasant company. You ' ll be more 
decisive after Friday, when Mars 
goes direct in your sign. Venus 
goes into Leo on Saturday, with 
abundant friendship. Focus on 

TOBIN 

serving others on Sunday. 

SCORPIO 
Ocl. 23 - NOlJ . 27 

You can make and lose a lot of 
money, so take care. On Monday, it 
looks like a lot of it is changing 
hands. You ' ll have to be sharp 10 
wind up wi th a prolil. You ' ll learn 
through doing on Tuesday and 
Wednesday, and you'd be wise to 
pick an experienced tutor. Stick 
close to home on Thursday and Fri-
day. There's plenty to keep you busy 
there. Romance blossoms over the 
weekend, especially if you can find 
any privacy together. 

SAGITTARIUS 
OlJ. 22 - Dec. 21 

You ' ll encounter a challenge, 
especia lly on Monday, when a rag-
ing debate could prove quite enter-
ta ining. You're one of the main 
players, so stay alen. Count your 
money on Tuesday and Wednesday, 
and if you don ' t have enough, use 
old ski lls to gain more. From Thurs-
day through about Saturday, you' ll 
be gaining new skills. This weekend 
is great for entertai ning fascinaling 
foreigners al your house. 

CAPRICORN 
Dec. 22 - .Ian. 19 

You generally stay pretty busy, 
but during the sun 's transit of Gemi-
ni things can get downright hecl ic. 
On Monday, it looks like you're 
working to meet a deadline. On 
Tuesday and Wednesday, you've got 
a lillie more time to be creati ve, 
while the moon's in your sign. 

FEATURES 15 

Thursday, you'd better count the 
money, because you' re going to 
think of lots of ways to play with it 
Ihis weekend. If you notice you need 
more, Friday is a prelly good time to 
ask for a raisc. Saturday's not had 
eilher, but you ought to de vOle most 
of Sunday to personal mailer . 

AQUARIUS 
Jan . 20 - Feb. 18 

You do very well when the sun is 
in Gemini, as it is now, so this whole 
week should be spectacular for you. 
On Monday, your friends wi ll come 
up with some amazing new ideas. 
Tuesday and Wednesday are a lillie 
sl renuous, as you have 10 do what 
somebody else tells you 10 do. 
Thursday and Friday, jusl aboUl 
everything is in your favor. Wait to 
make your big decisions Ihen, and 
also 10 stan new projects. Over the 
weekend, conditions will be excel-
lent fo r buying gifts for loved ones. 

PISCES 
Feb. 19 - March 20 

You could be inspired to make 
changes at home, especially on 
Monday. That' ll really stir things 
up and make you impalient with 
the status quo. On Tuesday and 
Wednesday, your friends can give 
you several good ideas for how to 
make money. Keep your objecti ves 
in mind on Thursday and Friday, 
but try a different way of achieving 
them. Don' l get talked inlo some-
thing you disagree with over the 
weekend. Make your opi nions 
known, and you may find you ' re 
more persuasive than you thought. 

WHAT PHASE 
ARE YOU IN? 

HAVE MOM & DAD BUY A 
CONDO OR TOWNHOUSE! 

You can: • Rent the extra rooms to your friends ... 
• Use the rent money to pay for the mortgage .. . 
• You live in the condo for FREE, and . . . 

One of UCSD's 
finest ;s also a 

Realtor®! 

• ... your parents can write off the interest on the mortgage! 

The UCSD Bookstore's "$AVE-A-MILLION" campaign hopes 
to save students $1,000,000 on their textbooks during the 
1999-2000 academic year. Students themselves have an 
important role to play in helping students $AVE-A-MILLION. 

DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY PAYING RENT! 
Here's a way to pay for housing that is also an investment! Call Tobin today at 

9988 Hilbert Street. Ste 100. San Diego. CA 92131 
Each office is independently owned and operated 

(619)637-0609 (voice mail) 
(619)621-5279 (office) 
e-mail:Finestrealtor@hotmai •. com 

HELP WANTED 

Small omce In Del Mar seeks freshman/sophomore UCSD student to 
provide administrative support for foreign market Investor/university 
professor. Duties Include, but are not limited to, spreadsheet creation, 
data entry, data management, and gen~ral clerical support. 

Must be highly reliable and dependable, with strong computing 
experience In Microsoft om~e Suite, especially Excel 5.0. Attention to 
detail Is critical and essential to this position. Must be motivated, willing 
to work, and a self-starter. 

Summer Job with potential for work during academic year. 67% time or 
more starting after June 11. Pay Is Sa/hr. Must have own car. 

To apply, send resume with employment history and names/phone 
numbers of 3 references to: DN Lair, 465 Hidden Pines Ln, San Diego, CA 
92014, or fax to (619) 755- 3449. 

PHASE I: BUYBACK JUNE 7-12 
During Finals Week, the Bookstore will be offering more cash for 
more books then ever before. Our Phase I goal for 1999-2000 is 
to buy back 25% more books than in the past. We can't buy all 
your books, but you'll see better buyback prices for hundreds of 
titles - give it a try! 

The more books we can buy to re-sell in the Fall, the more money 
UCSD students will save on their textbook purchases, You save 
money twice: more money at buyback and more used books at 25% 
off the new price during Fall tenn. 

WATCH FOR THURSDAYS AD 
The Guardian will have a list of many of the books we will 
be paying full buyback prices for. The Bookstore receives 
additional book orders every day, and by Finals we'll be buying 
even more books than are listed in the ad. 

PHASES II and III 
So stay phased in . You'll hear about Phases II and III in the first 
issue of the Guardian in September. They'll be about saving 
students money on textbooks. 

$ave~A-Miliion 
UCSD Bookstore <www-bookstore.ucsd.edu> 



16 CLASSIFIEDS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
I ~ ~'.~: I ~.~ :J14 
*ROUND TRIP COURIER FARES. 
London $349 Sing $300 Hong Kong 5389 
China 5360 Sydney 5580 Bangkok $370 
~!'~:I'M'l~I'!!!ll'!il!~ 
AIR COURIER INTERNAT ID.NA L 

1-800-298-1230 24 hr 

EUROPE $239 aNY ANYTIME IN 
1999. Hawaii $119, Carib/Mexico 
$189 rlt Discount Fares Worldwide. 
888-AIRHITCH. www.airhitch.org 
(taxes additional) (4/5-6/3) 
Traveling? Take a DreamSack-
100% silk sleepsack. Lightweight and 
luxurious. Perlect for all adventures. 
1 - 800 - 670-7661 . 
www.dreamsack.com (5/17-6/3) 
The deadline to reserve ad space 
forthis Thursday's (6/3) Guardian 
Graduation Issue is TODAY, 2pm! 
(6/1) 
Top 3 Reasons to Study Abroad! 1) 
Earn full UC Credit- Fulfill major, 
minor, GE requirements . 2) Financial 
Aid & Scholarships Available. 3) 
Have the best year of your life!-
Travel to exotic destinations & meet 
excit ing people . Contact the 
Programs Abroad Office for more 
information. (534-1123) (5/27-6/3) 
Thinking about Studying Abroad? 
Plan ahead! D~9.lines for Japan, 
UK, and Ireland are in October/ 
November. Visit the Programs 
Abroad Office today for advising 
about credit, applications, financial 
aid & scholarships. (534-1123) (51 
27-6/3) ____________ _ 
The Episcopal Students Association 
meets every Wednesday from 5:00-
6:30p.m. in the International Student 
Center Conference Room for 
communion, Christian dicussion, and 
free dinner. Students, faculty, and 
staff welcome. Call 534-6549 for 

i nformatio~ (6/1) ___ _ 
FATHER'S DAYGIFTS .. . Buyyour 
dad a Marshall Sweatshirt ($25-$40) 
T-shirt (58-$10) or mug ($3), dads 
love 'em! TMC Dean's Office X45988. 
(6/!:?) 

EMPLOYMENT 
$1500 weekly potential mailing our 
circulars. No Experience Required. 
Free information packet. Call 202-
452-5940. (4/5-6/3) 

The UCSD Guardian 

CLASSIFIEDS 
The UCSD Guardian reserves the right to classlly, edit, delete oJfenslve words and 
phrases, andlor reluse any and all advertisements without prior notification. The Advertiser 
Will not hold the Guardian liable for any claims resulting Irom the publication of the 
advertisement. The publisher will also not be held accountable lor any claim from an 
agreement made belween the advertiser and the consumer. 
Copy should be reviewed by Ihe advertiser lor errors. In order 10 be corrected in the next 
regular Issue, all errors must be reported by Ihe corresponding deadline. Credit will only 
be given for the incorrect portion 01 the advertisement. There are no relunds lor cancellations. 
Please send all corr •• pondence regarding CI ... llleda to: 
UCSD Guardian, A"": ClaSllfleda, 9500 Gilman Drive .0316, La Jolla, CA 92093. 
Actual location: Student Cent~r A, Room 217. 

Learn Bartending 

NOW HIRING Fortune 1000 
Company. Advertising-
Communication , Marketing, 
Business Majors . Resume 
Experience , Intern and Work 
Experience. AppOintments 1-800-
362-4224, Ext. 131 . (5/3-6/3) 
Childcare- responSible , caring 
person for Saturday evenings in Del 
Mar home. $8-$10 per hour. Call 
(619) 481-2386. (5/10-6/3) 

.LP""~D Ifill EAST OF... An Austral Mtdiltmnun 
_ Cafe is seeking enlhusiastic persons 
10 jOin ourleam. Our food is fasl, fresh, ilnd 
flilvorful , We are in Carmel Vililey (nur 
campus) and have moming and evening part 
lime openings . Plme call 259·3278 

We Pay You! 29 people needed to 
lose up to 30 Ibs. in 30 days. Doctor 
recommended. Call (619) 272-4985. 
(5/10·6/3) 
Need garden maintenance now/ 
summer job for physically fit, days/ 
wages negotiable. Call 687-1908, 
leave name and tel. #. (5Q.3-6/3) 
Private Gymnastics Club in Solana 
Beach seeks computer sawy and 
people friendly receptionist. $8-$10 
hrlf"25 hrs per week. Call Darryl 
(619)481 -49660r(760)634-1 028. (5/ 
13·6/3) 

Career Opportunity . Systems 
Analyst! S32K starting salary. Fast-
growing, fast-paced, casual work 
setting. Qualifications: Must have BA 
with a minimum 3.5 g.p.a. with some 
work experience. Must be intelligent, 
motivated and able to work well with 
others. Word, Excel , Access are 
required. Our office is located in Otay 
Mesa, a 30-minute commute from 
UCSD campus. Fax resume to 
(619)671-9922. (5/17-6/3) 
WANTED: Native French speaker 
as a nannyltiabysitter in Del Mar. 
Please call 619-792-7360. (5/20-61 
3) 
Taking applications for part-time 
tanning salon operator and body 
wrap tech. Flexible schedule. 455-
0909. (5120-6/1) 
Attorney Aide: Disabled female 
attomey needs part time assistance 
(one shift is Tuesday and Thursdays 
and another shift is Monday , 
Wednesday and Fridays) to aid at 
desk. Hours are 8:15 a,m. to 7:00 
p.m. Duties include filing, occasional 
bookkeeping, assistance at court, 
good grammar and punctuation skills, 
knowledge of Microsoft Word, good 
handwriting and the ability to stand 
for long periods of time. Requires the 
ability to drive a van with automatic 
transmission. Please send resume 
to: Attorney Aide 401 B. Street, Suite 
1700, San Diego, CA. 92101 . (5/20-
613) 
Harmonium, Inc. is hiring Special 
Activity Leaders and Site Directors 
fortheir 6 to 6 Extended School Day 
Programs. Monday-Friday morning 
and afternoon hours. $7.25-$10.50 
per hour. Must have units in 

Classified Line 
Ad Rates 

Students: S3 per 20 word. 
Faculty. SlIIff: 54 per 20 word. 

All others: $5 per 20 word. 
Advance payment is required. 

Classified Display 
Ad Rates 

$9.00 per column inch 
Deadlines: 

Publlcltion Olt. Display Ad. Une Ad. 
Monday 
Thursday 

Noon Thurl. 3 pm Thur • . 
Noon Mon. 3 pm lion. 

APPOINTMENT SETTERS 

NO SELLING! 
ACT FAST - START NOW. 
GREAT OPPORTUNITY 

Perfect for 
college students! 

Hours: Sun-Thurs 5pm-9pm 
Some flexibility. 

Appoinlment setters for dinner 
parties, travel clubs, and resorts. 

Paid weekly, timely 
and honestly. 

No experience required, 
will train. 

Miramar area. call Rick 
(619) 578-7914 

Elementary Education , Child 
Development, or Recreation and at 
least 1 year experience in an after 
school program. Call Ginger at 566-
5740. (5/24-6/3) 
PT Onllne Marketing Intern wanted 
for internet company. Flexible hours. 
Fax (619) 839-3652 or email 
jobs@ ipstrateg ·.com (5/24-6/3) 
Environmental internships: Get 
credit/experience! Positions in 
research , marketing, consulting, 
education. Green RestaurantAssoc. 
619-233-GOOD. Wecan change our 
world! (5/~4-6/3) . 
TELEMARKETING Home Imp. Co. 
seeking personalitites who like to 
smile. Top phoners average over 
$18/hr. We offer a fun atmosphere 
wlpaid training. Guar.$7/hr. Both AM 
& PM shifts avail. Call 61 ~-577-21 00. 
(5/27-6/_1.,...) ______ _ 

Robert A. Rees D.D.S. Cosmetic and Family Dentistry 
Soft and Gentle Dentistry • "We cater to the timid" 
All phases of Treatmen t Available : Cleanings/Exams, Non-Mercury Fillings, Crowns, 
Root Canals, Extractions, and Cosmetic Dentistry. We provide bleaching, too! 
Student Discounts Available . Insurance is Accepted . 

Call Us for an Appointment Today! 

WEBMASTER • TECHNICAL ASST. 
HOUSE MANAGER • GROUNDS KEEPER 

INFORMATION SERVICES • LIGHTING 

7761 Herschel Ave. In Downtown La Jolla 
(619, "5"-6181 Mon-Thurs 7am-2pm 

Check us out at: www.RobertReesDDS.com 

Got ThO .. Exam Blu •• ? 
~ 

Hawaii: 
!kIIIy hclcaC .. 
Including Roundtrip air from 
Los Angeles, transfers, taxes 
and accommodations at the 
Maile Sky Court $39. 
l-day PacIcaC •• 

$558 

3-day Sailing on Carnival 's 
Holiday to En ....... 

$384 
4-day Sailing to 
En ........ elltellna 

$404 Fares are subject to availability and special 
seasons may apply. Fares do nol include 

taxes are based on double occupancy. For 
cruises, rates do not include port fees or 

optional Insurance. 

UM~~~~~ __________ ~ 
CIEE: CouncU on Internallonal Educational Exchange _ 

~:~~~~ ... (619) 452-0630 

Tuesday, June I, 1999 

SUIllIlH'I' ,lolls 

• Archery-Min. age 21 (1) 
• Asst. Archery & RiJIary (1) 
• Canoeing - PliMrier (1, 
• Sailin~ (1l' Sabol boatll 
• MtnlJllllng-Min. age 21 (1) 

~chool staff (2) 
NEED: Cemp progr.m 
or-Succe .. ful .. mp. expo 

Oates: June 1 i- f, 1aQ9 
www.montecltolequof&oom 
email :ponyms ~bigIOO,I. 

Small Restaurant , La Jolla Shores, 
cashiers, counter helpers, PIT 6-71 
hr. flexible hours, we train, start now 
or after finals . Leave message, 
KEVIN 273-8623. (5/27-6/3) 
Varsity Student Painters- Now hiring 
FIT Positions. 6-121hrcall (619) 374-
9821 (5/27-613) 
5 min from UCSD. Dr.'s Office, 3/4 
time (12-5:30) M-F. $8 per hr. start, 
will raise. Apptlreception/billing 
Assistant. Call 453-1145 Fax 453-
1796. (5127-613) 
Swim Instructor/Lifeguard at Golds 
Gym Scripps Ranch. Must have 
current certificates. $10-25/hour. 
Immediate openings. Please call 
Trina at 619-287-8971 . (5127-613) 
Personal trainers needed. Pay starts 
at $8 per hour. Please call Mike at 
619-678-8982. (6/1-3) 

Yoh Scientific needs: 
oChemists 

·Biochemists 
oMicrobiologists 

oMolecu lar Biologists 
·Research Associales 

oLabTechnicianslAssistants 
oChemica l Engineers 
Fax (619)622-9048 

Phone (619)622-9005 

21i1!Il 
Needed- Reliable Student-2 hours 2 
x's week @ $7.50 hour. For 6-12 
months . Weeding, watering , 
fertilizing garden. L.J. Shores area. 
Call 459-1122. (6/1-3) 
In search of worker to assist in "The 
Generalized Theory .. ." Ph. D. 
preferred. Unqualified labor nced not 
apply. Low pay, inconvenient hours, 
tedious labor. Contact 619-295-
0952. Mondays between 2:00 and 
2:15 .m. (6/1-3) 
Summer Intern for SaleslMarketing 
Assistant in Del Mar. $10/hr + 
Generous Bonus. Must b~ articulate 
and Professional. Call Pete @ 619-
755-8890 ext. 123. 6/1 -3) 
NEED EXTRA MONEY? 
Environmental Law Joumal seeks 
interesting lawlscience articles. Pays 
$50-$250. SASE 4885 Ronson Ct. 
Suite J San Diego, CA. 92111 . (6/1-
::.1.3 _____ _ 
Free apartment plus pay in Mancho 
Santa Fe, use of pool and tennis 
court in exchange for aflemopn help, 
driving for two children 3:30-7:30-
Computer Savvy. Call 619-756-1608. 
(6/1-3) 
PART TIME JOB AVAILABLE 
IMMEDIATELY FOR: Child Care in 
my home (3 children Ages 5, 7and9) 
Flexible hours- 25 plus per week. 
Starting at $9.00 per hour- Please 
Call Erin 756-7698. (611-3) 
Childeare- Seeking student to care 
for 2 year old, flexible hours, UTC 
address, references requested, great 
child (naturally). call Jackie/Tom @ 
457-4330. (611-3) 
People Person_ Up to $3K-$6K1mo. 
Public relations person needed to 
help with S.D. expansion. Nutrition 

Tuesday, June I, 1999 

co. Positive altitude. (619) 296-9033 
or (760) 743-5753. (5/24-6/3) 

ROOMMATES 
Female roommate(s) wanted. Master 
bedroom in 2 bedroom apartment. 
Large enough for 2, Private bath. 
Summer Lease. Call Erin. 678-0456. 
(5/3-6/3)_ 

-

MIF roommate wanted for summer 
and school year . Own room . 
Apartment less than 5 min. from 
UCSD. $375/mo. Laundry, pool. Call 
R an 457-30~(5/17-6/1) __ 
Roommate needed for summer. 
Single. 5 min. from school. Nice area, 
nice place. Furnished $415/mo. Call 
Jason 453-1986. (5/24-6/3) 
Summer sublet. Large master bdrm/ 
bath. Pool , jacuzzi, tennis cts . Near 
UTC/bus. Furn ished/unfurnished. 
Call 457-8301 . (5/24-6/1) 
NEAR UCSDIUTC. Male Roommate 
needed to share 3 bdrm/1.5bath with 
washer/dryer/patiolbalcony/pool and 
jacuzzi. Males only. $395. Call Cory 
or Brad (619) 638-0331 . (5/24-6/3) 
Roommate needed for 3 bedroom 
house in Cardiff by the Sea. Spacious 
room, ocean view, garage, washerl 
dryer. $500/month. Call Mary or 
Melissa 760-635~1238 . (5/27-6/~L 
Room for Rent in UTC for summer. 
10 minutes Irom school. $300/month 
+ 1/3 Utils. CALL ALEN 453-7944. 
(5/27-.§/3) 
2 Roommates wanted for Summer. 
CoodQJnlLa Jolla/UTC, $380~ $420 
or Best Offer. Call 622-1195. (5/27-
613) 
Summer Sublet near Ralph's. Large 
single room available mid-June to 
Sept. 1st, fully furn ished , beautiful 
townhome, 2 pools wlspa, parks 
nearby, laundry facil ities , backyard. 
MIF ok. Call Leslie (619)587-9070. 

(?127-6/~L 
Roommate needed for Summer (61 
11 /99-9/30/99) Own room, $3301 
month . Room & Apt. furnished . Free 
desk. Call J.T. at 541-2592. (5/27-61 
3) 
2 MIF roommates needed to share 
master bedroom for summer. Near 
UTC/ bus. $375/mo. WID, gym, pool , 
parking. Call Jonathan 625-0032. 
(6/1-3) 
Female roommate wanted for 
summer. Own room, near EAST 
Parking. Non-smoker, $400/mo. + 
util ities. Available mid July- 31 Aug. 
4~5-090~ (6/1) 
New roommate needed to share 
apartment in UTC area, near corner 
of Nobel and Genesee. Near bus, 
shopping, laundry. Room will be open 
middlellate June. $445/mo. Call 
Will iam at 457-3850. (6/1-3) 
Female non-smoker to share 3 br/ 
2ba/den condo near UTClbus. Clean. 
Own room . Laundry . Parking . 
Available September. 457-5835. (61 
1-3) 

FOR RENT 
PRE-RENT your summer of fall of 99 
HOUSING. We have 2-3-4 or 5 

bedroom houses or condos. Near 
UTC/UCSD. For appointment call 
619-578-4257. (5/3-6/3) 
Large 5 bedroom 2 bath'hou!la near 
La Jolla/UTC area. Garage and 
fenced yard , Available July1 or Sept. 
1. $2600+. (619)578-4257. (5/3-6/3) 
Large fourbedroomltwo bath Condo. 
Near La Jolla/UTC area. Large 
bedrooms. Available July 1 st or Sept. 
1. $220Q+ per month. (619)578-
4257. (5/3-6/3) 
DON'T RENT- BUY THE CONDO! 
Cheaper than Rent! 20 year expert. 
REIMAX Coastal. Judith Haddox. 
(619) 274-4477. Be a happy home 
owner. (5.;.:/1:..:..7...:-6::.;/3:1.) ___ _ 
Summer sublet- spacious 2 bedl2 
bath apartment in downtown SD 
(near Gaslamp), Available mid-June 
through July or August. Close to 
freeways (15 minutes to UCSD), 
buses, pool/spa, fitness center, 
tennis, underground parking. $975 
month, Call 231-3476. (5/24-6/3) 
Solana Beach Furnished Condo, 
ocean front complex. 2 Br. , den, 2.5 
Ba.: light and airy, 2 pools, tennis 
courts. Mid-Sept.-Mid June. $1600. 
Cindy (714) 680-3616, (714) 879-
7200. (5/24-6/3) 
Summer Room For Rent. 
Townhouse, UTC area, downstairs, 
private bathroom, patio, parkin,9, bus 
access. $500, available 6/14 until 81 
30. 450-0771 . (5/27-6/3), ___ _ 
Room available now through summer 
in University City house, leasing an 
option. $365/mo. + 1/5 ulils. 5 minutes 
to campus, 10tobeach, 15 anywhere 
else. Call Terry, 619-339-1798. (51 

27-6/~ 
La Jolla Furnished Rooms- share or 
single- share bath- non smoker-
utilities- cable- phone line- use of 
kitchen- near UCSD and beach-
private entrance- parking. From 
5600- $685. Call 619-459-6322. (51 
27-6/3) 
Condo for rent. 3 bed, 2.5 bath. Bike 
to UCSD. Pool , tennis, garage. 9555 
Easter Way. $1550. (619)755-0986. 
(6/1-3) 
Summer Sublet. 6121-8/15. House 
in Mira Mesa. 2 single rooms 
available. Females only. $315/mo. + 
utility. Tel # 54!t§943. (6/1-3) 
Newer East Del Mar. 2 bedroom + 
extra rm/2.5 bath. Furnished with all 
appliances including washer/dryer. 
2 car garage. Gated comm. wI pool 
& spa. Top schools-. Perfect for faculty 
or visiting prof. wI family. One year 
lease. $2350 obo_J 92-7604. l6/1-3) 
Fully furnished room available for 
$450/mo . (negotiable) during 
summer. Off Governor. Call 587-
1478. Available from mid June-
Se tember, (,6_1_1-_3,-) __ _ 
Condo For Rent. 3 bedrooms, 1.5 
bath, end unit. Nice & quiet. Close to 
UTC, school. $1250/mo. Please call 
collect: (626 286-5832. (6/1 -3) 
$900/mon . In Mira Mesa. 3 month 
summer lease, 2 bd, 2 bath , pool , 
spa, air condition, upstairs, newer 
appliances .. , call (619) '637-0609. 
(6/1-3 

The UCSD Guardian 

Moving Sale: Desk, Bookcases, 
dresser, 2 TV stands, mountain bike, 
vacuum, mirror & more. Excellent 
condition. Call (619) 260-8013. (51 
27-6/3) 
Queen bed for sale: New in 1996, 
good condition. Frame included. 
$100. 643-9305, ask for Peter. (6/1-
3) 

VV ANT E D 
Caucasian Research subjects 
reimbursed for interview. If you are a 
UCSD student, 21-26, call 552-8585 
x4185 for more information. (1/11-61 
3) __ 
Volunteers paid $30.00 for interview. 
If you are entirely of Japanese or 
Korean descent, age 21-26, call 552-
8585 x 2182. (1n-6/3) 
Jewish Research subjects 
reimbursed for interview. If you are a 
UCSD student, 21-26, call 552-8585 
x4185 for more information. (1111-61 
3) 
Give the miracle of life- Becoming an 
egg donor. Females between 21 & 
31 , call (619) 673-0885 . 
(Compensation for time , 
inconvenience) (2116-6/3_) __ __ 

WE'RE LOOKING FOR A 
FEW GOOD SPERM! Sperm 
donors needed. Ages 20·3a.AII roces. 

$50 per acceptable donation Call 
'OPTIONS Nationaf Fertility 

~egistry (800)886-9373. 

Become an Egg Donor. Help make a 
couple's dream come true. Surrogate 
Parenting Services. (800)373-9525. 
(3/1 1-6/1 ) 
Heavy Menstrual Periods? More than 
7 days? You may have a trea\able 
bleeding disorder. We are conducting 
a research study requiring one visit 
including questionnaire and blood 
draw. Call to see if you qualify for 
free blood test. UCSD 534-2815. (41 
29-6/3) 

EGG DONORS NEEDED! 
Desperately wanted by infertile. hopeful 
parents. All races needed. Ages 21·30. 

Compensation $4,000. Please call 
OPTIONS National Fertility 

Registry (800)886-9373. 

Healthy men ages 25-50 years old 
are needed for noninvasive.studies 
at the UCSD Medical Center in 
Hillcrest. Intact hearing required . 
Free shuttle transportation is 
available. Earn up to $50. Call 543-
2~4 for information. (5/10-6/3) 
WANTED: 2 bedroom apartment, 
condo or townhouse to renVlease 
starting in June, 1999. Preferably 
somewhere in the UCSD/UTC area. 
Call 458-9031 (5/20-6/3) 
WE WANTITl What: Your 3 bedroom 
apartment, condo, or townhouse to 
rent. When: this Sept. for the 1999-
2000 school year. Where: Preferably 
something in UCSD/U,TC area. Why: 

Casual working atmosphere 
No dress code 
Flexible hours 

Positions available now or summer 
CALL AMY. ~ 298-3400 

We're hard working college kids 
needing a place to live . Call us ASAP 
at 455-7827. Thank You!(5/24-6/3) 
Wanted: Two or Three bedroom 
houselTownhouse, furn ished, forthe 
year 9/1999 Through 8/2000 for 
family of four in UCSD area. Please 
call : 619-454'-2584 (Sam or Lillian) . 
(5/22-6/3) __ 

EGG DONORS 
"PlAKE A DIffEREnCE" 
in couples lives that are longing to 

have a !amlly. They need your special 
HELP. 

II you ar. healthy and betwesn 
111-30 yrs otd. 

Compen .. lion is heartily given for 
your time and effort-SJOOO plul 

$150 for travel •• pens.s. 
Please call 

CAEA11IIE COIICEPTUIL 11& 
1-888-1411-£888 

e rna" CClncEgg' - AOL com 
web sIte CrCall\('Conccpllon net 

EXTRA MONEY!!! SKIN BIOPSY 
for Cystic Fibrosis Study. Wanted: 
Normal male volunteers to donate 
four (4) skin plugs (back! shoulder) . 
$7

'
).00compensation. STUDY SITE: 

UCSD Medical Center (Hillcrest). 
CALL : 543-6935 or e-mail 
Ibouck@ucsd.edu $75 for your skin! 
(6/1) 
$$$ for your dreams! CSPP 
researcher seeks undergraduate 
students 18-25 forpersonality/dream 
content study. Contact Robert at 
(6 19)281 -0935 or 
QreamCSPP@~OL . Com (6/1) 

SERVICES 
Passport Photos, $6 .95 . Color 
Copies, 75e, with 10. CAL COpy 
(619) 452-9949. La Jolla Village 
Square. (next to Tower Records) . (4/ 
19-6/3) 

CLASSIFIEDS 17 

NEED A TUTOR? SUCCESS 
Tutoring Services. Hundreds of tutors 
available for ail subjects. Reasonable 
rates. (619)51-TUTOR. (619) 518-
8867. Http://www.welcome.toltutor 
(5/3-6/3) 
Herpes and Cold Sores: Emotional 
support and accurate medical 
information. Call San Diego City 
HELPO at (619)491 -1194 for 
recorded info. (6/1-3) 

LOST & FOUND 
Missing : Compaq 1235 laptop 
computer from Black Halll Warren 
Apartments on Sunday, March 7th. 
Reward for its return or information 
leading to its return. Call 455-7827 
or e-mail: Stars91913@aol.com (41 
12-6/3 

PERSONALS 
The deadline to reserve ad space 
for this Thursday'S (6/3) Guardian 
Graduation Issue is TODAY, 2pm! 
(6/1) 
We somewhat wistfully observe the 
fourth and final Guardian birthday of 
Ann Barefield (this past ,Sunday, 51 
30). Next year she will be missed for 
sure. Happy Birthday, Ann-Love, 
the Guardian staff. (6/1) 
The staff of the Koala will be hosting 
a seminar on advanced photographic 
techniques used in their publication, 
this Friday night at the AMIPM on 
Miramar Rd. Admission price: a 12-
ack of enerics. (6/1) 

'---

Anyone who spotted the ubiquitous 
Donald Trump during the Miss 
Universe telecast last week realizes 
that even money can't buy good 
h ai r. ~(6:....:./ 1 ,L) ---:---:---: 
Raychill B.(aker), Too bad you're 
going to Mexico- we could'a had a 
great summer together. Don't forget 
to eat. (6/11 

ACCENT 
VI 
-C 

~ 
o (,) 
C/) 

O . 
-C Q) 
'0 

CAR RENTAL 
224-9924 

~ Q) 
00 COMPACTS ~ 
Rent a nearly new car for HALF the price of 

a neW one 

Deadline Extended!! 
1.5. Lecture Notes is 

NOW HIRING NOTE TAKERS 
for Fall auarler 1999. 

lDDliCltiols IIlilable II Lecture Notes 

E 
$ 

.17 
Ask I sales associate tor an application tod.,! 

·1IIIHIIrIn .. 111ft tllllllIIt dIsJ .. ,..,. •••• MIler. 
PICI UP lPPuunONS AT THE 1.5. LECTURE NOTES OFFICE NEIT 

TO SOFT RESERVES IN THE STUDENT CENTER 

.. 



18 SPORTS 

ON 
COLLEGE LlFEI 

YOU COULD.START YOUR 
PAPER THE NIGHT BEFORE 
and.". get your full three hours of.Jeep. 

Idnko-s 
ExpreSS Yourself 

3¢ 

The UCSD Guardian 

Congratulations to the 
1999-2000 executive staff of 

The UCSD Guardian. 

Marc Comer 
Jull. Kull.Mad.r 

Editors in Chief 

Leena Shankar 
Managing Editor • 

Vlnc.nt Gr ..... nl 
News Editor 

ar.nt Don 
Opinion Editor 

ward Han 
Associate Opinion Editor 

J .... ca Scheppmann 
Features Editor 

WaH Dickinson 
Hiatus Editor 

D.vld Lee 
Associate Hiatus Editor 

Bill Burger 
Sports Editor 

John May .... d 
Associate. Sports Editor 

Brian We •••• 
Associate Sports Editor 

Alison Norrl. . 
Copy Editor 

Kar.n Tran 
Design Edfror 

Usa Huff 
Photo Editor 

Jullu. Chol 
Associate Photo Editor 

RECAP: 
Here's the lowdown 
on sports clubs 
Continued from ..... 20 
spans clubs program the women 
grew and improved all season. In 
total . the team won half of its 
games and looks to improve next 
year as its league grows as well. 

Il10. 
The team neared record size thi s 

year wi th 25 active members. Head 
Coach Pete Alsop helped the young 
team improve significantly by sea-
son's end, with the JV teams fini sh-
ing mid-fleet hy its last regalia. A 
PCC henh was missed by only 2 
points. 

The conditions were not the 
best, but the ski and snow board 
team faired well at its various com-
petitions this year. Spending 12 

• hours each weekend on the road 
from La Jolla to Mammoth and 
back is not ideal for most students, 
but for the members of the ski and 
snowboard team, the two-day 
excursions ere successful. Both 
men 's and women 's teams had 
strong individual finishers. Amy 
Sage t1nished t1rst in her league in 
the snowboard division. 

Ilf 
Under the astute leadership of 

Josh "Champ" Rhodes and Sander 
aW!nbcrg. D surf leam 

put together its strongest season in 
a l:Ouple of years. The team fin -
ished second in SSA Collegiate 
competition and was most recently 

Tuesday, June I, 1999 

featured in Transworld Surf. 
Freshman Holly Beck was the 

team's most decorated surfer and 
took the women's competition in 
stride. Beck also won the Sundt 
Memorial held at Black's Beach 
last April and is expected to finish 
strong at nationals later this month. 
Annie Tworoger surprised all as 
she won State, and Rhodes t1ni shed 
best for UCSD on the men's side. 

One of the most vocal and spir-
ited teams at UCSD, these 50-plus 
Air Squids harely missed a hid to 
nationals this yea r. At regionals, the 
men 's disc team captured third 
place, falling to No. I UC Santa 
Barbara. Nonetheless, the Air 
Squids fini shed ranked among the 
nation 's top 10 teams. 

I~ 
This year was paramount for the 

women's ultimate disc team, for it 
marked the lirst time the women 
ever advanced LO Nationals. A 
strong and organized crew, the 
women 's di sc team dominated all 
at the South Carolina tournament 
earlier this year. The team is cur-
rently ranked 6lh in the nation. 

Competing in the Western 
Conference of the National 
Collegiate Water Ski Association. 
UCSD fini shed as the top team 
from Southern California. 
Individually. Bret Fortenberry and 
Nikki .Kennedy were the team's top 
performers. The duo represented 
UCSD at All Stars in Harmony, 

.C. this year. The team ex pects to 
continue to be strong next year. 

BLACK & WHITE COPIES 457-3775 
"=~~~ .. -:.::':.".=:"=:'-=:'-:'='''..: ',' 8849 Villi II JUll i DR. 

Nick Runco 
Graphics Editor GuardIan Sports 

.. ,.cfrIta c.... ., ..... ,.. ................... c--.......... lit "" Lft 
c ............. "IIft .... .., .. .., ............. u.MllltI.... I 
............. fNIIIctI .. unk .. .,..,~ ....... C ....................... . 
tls..-tdMI " ...... ~ ..... 

VAliD AT IlIIIO'S limo lDCMIIl OIlY. 
Brian Wlkn.r 

Web Editor 
Congratulates ,11 of UCSD's Sports Oubs athletes 

, AACUI J ~ (.,..n II1MI : 1 ___________________________________ .1 for another IIMt year. 
24 "DURSl1 DAYS A WEEI • WWW.lIl11DS.COM.I-.Z-lI.lIIS 

........, .. ..mtft*Y ~ ....... 0 I", ...... s. ... .... .., ... ..... c.,. , ...... ,.....tt.....uf/flilil', v...m. Me. eM 
.,. .... .., .......... AI,.,...,.,...,illN" ........ itt .. "' ..... ...... ~....., ..... t. ..... .,~ .... 

Just one more , and then 
we'll see you in the fall UCSD! 

Co~AVERDE 
CENTER 

8650 GENESEE AVE. Sn. 220 

F ASIDON VALLEY 
CENTER 

NEAl SAKS FtFTlt AVENUE 
(619)452-7374 (619)295-0537 
Brown Eyes to Blue, Green, Hazel 

OLORED 
CONTACTS 

FreshLook Colors with purchase of 2 boxes 
of clear Freshlook disposables. 

EXTENDED WEAR DISPOSABLE LENSES 
UISI'nSAtHE CONTACT L[NSES 

100 PAIRS PLus EXAM 
$229~:MPLETE 2 PAIRS B&L FW COMPLETE "All speciot. include Ion .... IX.om. eyecore ~ i l ond follow up vi~l . A.tigmotic Ion ... hig/ler. Nol volid wilh ony other oller. o/Ii" expire 6/30/99. 

aJ'e co,.Jiaf4 invited 
10 place 

an adue,·ti,umuml in the 

graduation 
y.jjue 

0/ 

GuaRdiAN 
~hur3~, 

June 3 
AD DEADLINE: 
TODAY, 2 pm 

CAU (811)134-34'8 
TO RESERVE YOUR 

AD.PACEr 

Tuesday, June I, 1999 The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 19 

Three Leaders to Move On sonBALL: Seniors were 
instrumental 

a 7-6 win in the nighteapper and a 
two-game sweep in the double-
header after a narrow 1-0 victory 
in the first ga·me. A swarm of cel-
ebration followed at home plate 
in the game played at RIMAC 
field. 

GAME, SET, MATCH: A trio of seniors will graduate next week 
ContInued from PIIC. 20 
season finale of a doubleheader 
versus Cal Lutheran, an arch-rival 
of the women's softball team this 
season , Bennett completed her 
tenure in a Triton uniform with a 
game-winning sacrifice fly-ball 
to drive in junior Cynthia Sam for 

By Jake Gordon 
Sports Editor 

It's always the lillie things you 
miss. After graduation, UCSD's 
seniors will miss everything from 
their Tuesday night study 
groups at Cafe Roma to long 
drunken nights 
wandering around 
Price Center. 
Others will miss long prac-
tices, hard ground strokes and 
milli()ns of lhose lillie yellow 
balls. Three such seniors on thc 
UCSD women 's 'tennis team will 
mi ss all these things when they 
graduate this spring. 

In turn. they will be missed hy 
their team mates for providi ng 
strong leadership to a squad that 
made it all the way to the quar-
terlinals of the NCAA National 
Championships thi s season. 
Seniors Maria Nguyen , Jennifer 
Drimmer' and Stephanie Wnng 
can hold their heads high after a 
successful collegiate career. 

Nguyen is a three-year player 
who played o. 2 singles and o. 

Jan 
DrInuner: 
Drimmer. 
the Tritons ' 
co-captain 
and 
emotional 
leader. was 
also a force 
in doubles . 

I and 2 doubles for most of her 
career. She would routinely lose 
only one or two matches per year. 
Even so, she always put the team 
first and was a leader for the 
Tritons this year. She was also rec-

ognized for her eff'orts off the 
coun. Nguyen was 
awarded the 
Arthur Ashe 

SponsmanshiplLeadership 
Award l'or the West Region, an 
award given l'or outstanding con- . 
tribulions to her team, college and 
community. 

•. , guyenl doesn't look real 
intense or show much emotion on 
the court ," Head Coach Lit 
LaPlante said. "But the fact is, 
she's one of the most intense play-
ers I' ve ever coached. She's a great 
competitor, a leader of the team 
and well-liked Py everyhody." 

Another se ni or leader was 
Drinllner, a four-year Triton 
player who contributed mostly in 
doubles. Drimmer was one of the 
team's Co-captains. She 
improved every year she played 

Marla N,.., ... : 
Unstoppable 
in both 
singles and 
doubles play. 
She also 
recieved the 
Arthur Ashe 
Award for 
the West. 

and moved up inlo the lineup 
because of her success. 

"Her eontidenee in her tennis 
increased in the last couple years 
and it showed in her game," 
LaPlante said. "1\ was great to 
have her on the team." 

An example of dedication and 
hard work can be seen in 
Wong,lhe lhird senior on the team. 
Wong played all t'our years for lhe 
Tritons, but never broke into the 
top six, panly because of injuries. 

"You have to admire 
IWong!." LaPlante said . "She 
was always at practice givi ng 110 
percent and there supporting her 
teammates watchi ng matches for 
hours and hours." 

Wong is now off to medical 
school, a great example of a self-
less student-athlete ju,t trying to 
hclp the team. 

All three of these seniors 
helped the team in their own way. 

guyen, Drimmer and Wong wi ll 
all he mi ssed nex t year as 
LaPlante's squad tries to equal o~ 
surpass thi s eason's success. 

St.phanle 
Wong: 
Wong, a 
four-year 
player, will 
be missed 
for her 
dedication 
and hard 
work despite 
injuries . 

K .... y 
Bennett: 
The Tritons' 
emotional 
leader drove 
in the 
winning run 
in the 
Tritons ' final 
game versus 
Cal Lutheran. 

COLUMN: 
Compensation 
found for LA woes 
Continued from page 20 
gone wrong, we might want to 
consider some Zen Buddhist hea l-
ing of our basketball woes, which 
Jackson would surely provide. 
Nothing else seems to work . 

So instead of plopping onto 
the couch with a fat $3 steak 
from Ralph 's and an alcoholi c 
beverage in hand to watch the 
Lukers bat\ling Portland thi s 
weekend , my colleagues and I 
decided to venture to Rosarito 
Beach. To make a long story 
short. after a long day dealing 
wi th a dead car battery, we left 

IERVIII BClD FOR 17 

overseas 
Automotive Repair 
••••• d 
Oil & $11 95 , Minor 
Safety • Tune-Up 

The Tritons completed thei r 
1999 campaign with an outstand-
ing record of 23- 14 thanks to the 
Bennett and Snyder whose spirit-
ed play will be great ly missed at 
UCSD. 

Sar • . . 
Synder: 
As one of 
the Tritons ' 
most 
efficient 
hitters , this 
catcher 
was also 
key 
defensively. 

four hours later than planned. 
We were doomed the second 

we crossed the border, hut som\!-
how fou nd our way back onto the 
freeway in our 1983 Corolla after 
my friend made a left turn onlO a 
one-way street and into oncoming 
traffic. We were successful in get-
ting back onto the freeway, only 
we were heading back to San 
Diego instead of Mex ico. After 
wai ting in line for an hour and a 
half at border patrol inspections 
where my buddies purchased a 
blanket and a soccer jersey from 
the Mex ican vendors, we returned 
to our apartment, cracked open 
some brews and reviewed the 
events of the evening while 
falling to the ground in uncontrol-
lable laughter. 

THROUGH JUNE 6TH 
,. .... _- --ill'll ..... . 
IMinorTune Up ... ~ Special . _ 

THIS WEEK ONLY. Valid 5/31 thru 6/6/99 only 
AddrtlOnal toppV1gs $1 .SO eaCh. Double Cheese SI .SO. Deep D,sh 
$1 ol<1r •. No "mil. $7.99 ",illl"'um purchase requortd 10< _.ry. .113 U •• Your liitonP,lus Cud 

LA JOLLA/UCSD 
3211 Holiday Court 

4S2-827J 
Sun.-Thurs. II am-I am, Fri. & Sat. II am-2 am 

r--------.. -------~--------~ 1 I 1 I 
1 I 1 I 1 $699 1 10 WINGS for 1$1 99 I 
: I.TOPPlN~~A I $39 BE $1 : Freshly ~lced : 
1 TWO for $ I J." I S I breadstlela I 
1 _Itoppings SI .SO .... ObI Chees. I Hot & Spicy or 88Q I /wvshed with pile • spices $1.SO OHl> DIsh $1 el<1.. I Includes dlpplnr slluce 1 
1 La JeIII/UCSO 4n-uc:so La JoII/UCID 4U-UCSO I La .... l/UCSD 4U-UC:SD I 
+ T .. not inctudtd $7.99 min. I + To. not Inctutled. $7.119 mm. 1 + Tax not inctude<l $799 rrnn I purChase required lor cJeivery purchase required lor dl'lYe,y PUrcNse feQUUed tor delivery. I VIIod trom 513 t ·616199. L \/Wid hom 513 t -616199 .J Vatid I.om 5131·616199 ~-------- ------- --------~ $1.9' mi",mum purch ... requtred for del;v.ry . limited d.Uvery Ir .. 10 ,nsur. "" drivinG. Our drive" carry I.IS Ih,n S2000 

Good Luck Next Week with Finals! 
~ I • I • •• J Ii •• I • ,. •••• • • •• 

lour tun, up includes IJ lot more Reg. $55 
I than others. It includes: I. NEW Spark plugs 7. Check brakes 12• Check D~slr~bulor painls B. Check clUlch I. Inslall Irani pads 0< rear shoes __ 

3. Check Dlslnbulor 9. Check lighlS 2. Drain old brake fluid I I ~densor 10. Check undercarnage I 3 Inspecl hydrauhc syslem • I 
4 Adlusl IIrTUng lor damage ~ 4. Aehll hydraulIC Hum • • , 15 Check and replenish II. Check cooling syslem I 5. Bleed brake syslem • • • 

all fluid and olf levels & hoses ~ 6. Adjusl irani (II shoes) and rear shoes I 
for~t=~ _ ~.~d.!:l __ UAoadlesl _ 35.p~int Major Service "~"'·J":-".·U"" 
I SpeCial ~:!:!:_ I Em. for fuel/nl«t«l e., • . Our ,""jor .ervIc. inc/ud .. : Reg. $ISO 1....;__ I 

1. New spark piJgs 12. ~dwellangle 24. lube l.on1end V O· I 2. New AI IiIIe< 11 Aq"" cart>uretor 25.Checklor Ioost nulS & bolls I II I 3. New oil""'. 14. Adjust .. ~ .. lueI.1IOO ni11ure 26. Check IqIts u.....-.i.... Ch 
I 4.Cllange engo>e 011 15. Check SlfeMg 27. Checkund ..... riagelordarroge 1'- angel 5. New luelhler 16. Check clutch . 28. Check and recharge banert~_ & 
I 6. O1eck dislri><Mor poonts 17. Adjust clutch 29. RlUteulOS 11_ 7. O1eck dostrWor ~ 18 Check brakes 3? Check I •• "' .. SU.. I 1 0 . t I 

8 ~1OSt 19..\tlus1br.... 31.lubedoor hrlgel -poln 19. 'lalYead/lll1mlr1 __ t 2O.Adjustemergencyollrake 32. Checkalhotders I S f t Ch k I 
10 Newv","ClMlgasket 21 . Check & replenlSllal8uodleve~ 33.Checkcoolngsys1em &hoses a e y ec . 

111';.= ~=~=~belS ~=:"Wu~SYs1em I Special I f'.: Exira 10/ ky""-. kyltnder. - pIeIlnum pI~. ~ 
I cO:I:ClutchJ: m.m;.~~; Beh S;eda~ 1. New pressure plate 4. New Pilol ~ _______ !.. ~ 

2. New CIUlch OISk 5. Change Iransmission oil Ext d d W t 13. New ThrowoUl bearing 6.Road lesl 1 en e arran y 
L:-:~_""'<_. NoII"'4WD. F"" 15 30 45 60 75 & 90K . -::--:. ______ .J ' , , " service 
'Mo.t car •• W,lh Ihis ad . Expires 6114199. 
8r111d new pertl. Alk Ibout our lpeet.tl on enllinel. 
All our work ..... 2-ynr or 2O,OOO-mtle tlmlted w.rranty. 
AM prien tnclude parta and labor. 

overseas ® .... .", ..... 
Automotive Repair . 8008-8 Miramar Road. 
••••• 1 695-1990 

0 ....... Auto 800Hl M,ramar Rd. 1 S 

* 

&c.~"", ",.,... ".. aM. eM .. ". 

• 

• 



20 SPORTS 

"I ".". /11111_ Ty_ 
belon6. III • c._. He 
"... to be wltetetl 
l1li_ you _Id wlt« 
• lion « • t/pl. " 

- GeorCe Foreman 

The UCSD Guardian Tuesday, June I, 1999 

Gigante 
Hombre 
Brian Welles 

The End of the 
Gold Rush 

When the Los Angeles Lakers 
were eliminated from the play-
offs early last week, my visions 
of watching Shaq and Kohe and 
the newly aC4uired "stars" ~oar 
th rough the playoffs en route to 
their lir,t title in eight year, were 
dewnatcd. I figured Laker guld 
would carry me through the aca-
demically treacherou, final 
weeks of school as a ,ource of 
spirit and added , treng th from 
watching spon, . 

SECOND TO NONE 
I DcsooorrrnrnSPOllS I 
YEAR-IN-REVIEW 

The fact that my intramural 
softhall team " Ho Train" (I tlid 
nut make up the name !) made it 
to the finab In a double-elimi-
nation playoff tournament after 
10'111£ our liN playo ff game 
provided me with a "inning 
rush lo r the week. hut those sen-
timent , were partia lly neu tra l-
i/ etl when the Lakers were 
knucked out hy the San Antonio 
Spur, earl ) la, t \\, ee~ . 

Sittll1g at my huddy\ house 
in Los Angclc, watching game 
3, my die hara Laker friends and 
I complained ahoUl every facet 
of the Laker, ' game-plan and' 
lack of execution. By the fo urth 
quarter, I was ready to go home 
hecause the game (and the 
whole Laker season for that 
matter) remll1ded me of a 
Barnum & Bailey festival. 

Down 2-0 in the series at the 
tllne. I ligured if we won, there 
would be several more opportu-
nities to see the Lakers try to 
scratch and claw their way hack 
into the series. If they lost. I tlid 
not want to ex perience the pain 
- especially in a game where 
the team was dropping good 
passes when it got deep under-
neath the basket and was keep-
ing the score at a see-saw batt le 
with incessant turnovers. 

Indeed, the Lakers. who 
were supposed to be an unstop-
pahle basketball team this year, 
played like uncoordinated old 
men. And what 's worse, they 
could have outlasted the San 
Antonio Spurs had they reali zed 
that at least more than one of 
them ex isted on the court . 

There was no ball rotalion in 
the Laker offense - no team-
work of acknowledgment of the 
fact that it takes five working at 
the same time at the same inten-
sity level to win a champi-
onship. But wa ' Head Coach 
Kurt Rambis capable of noti c-
ing this? We don' t know for 
sure, but what we do know is 
that he was un successfu I in 
implementin g a consistent 
offense to combat the Spurs. He 
had no answer. hi players had 
no answer and I have no answer 
to ex plain why Jerry Buss does-
n' t want Phil Jackson to coach 
the Lakers. After all that has 

See COLUMN, Page 19 

From the 60 members of the ballroom dance team to the 16 members of the surf team, over 300 
tudent athletes combined to continue the juggernaut also known as the UCSD sports clubs this year 

By John Maynard 
Sports Editor 

A second-consecuti ve Division 
(( National Championshi p in 
rughy. an indi vidual state cham-
pionship in women 's surfing and 
a lir~t-e ver trip to nationals in 
ultimate disc - these are just a 
few of the accolades garnered by 
the UCS D sports cluh tea ms thi s 
year. 

Over 300 UCSD students 
compete on UCS D sports club 
teams each year. and this year the 
level of competition was kicked 
up a notch. All in all. it was one of 
the most successful sports cl ub 
seasons of all time. 

Here's the skinny: 

dirt and road seasons, the cycling 
tcam traveled all over the wes t, 
CUlling down its competitors 
along the way. Overall, the moun-
tain hike team linished fourth at 
regionals, while the road team 
fini shed off its SC<lson earlier thi 
May with a lifth-place regional 
linish. These strong regional li n-
ishes earned the team a coveted 
berth to nationals. 

Indi viduall y, Jenny Eyerman 
continued to dominate the 
women's circuit and captured first 
place in women's A cri terion and 
third in thc roatl race. On the 
mcn', "dc Mike rryhylski 
hrought in :' n impr.: !>~ive fourth 
place fi nish in the men's A race at 
regionals. 

~=~=I=,,=.==cE~1 ~I __ ~m~c~I __ ~ 
These swingers continued to 

jump, jive and fox-trot over their 
competition. In its relati vely short 
ex istence. the ballroom dance 
team has grown to 60 strong 
members. In the past two years, 
the squad of 60 has earned ~eriou s 
respect among its competitors. 
This year's highlights include a 
prestigious wi n at the University 
of evada. Las Vegas where the 
squad defeated a plethora of 
schools from all over the west 
coast. 

Relatively new to the sports 
club scene, the dance team 
proved itself as a viab le addition. 
Most recently. the women 
hrought home third-place honors 
at a nati onal competiti on in 
Miami. Fla. In addition to compe-
titions, the dance team was also 
the half-time entertai nment at a 
number of UCS D men 's and 
women's hasketha!l ga mes. and it 
also performed for other on and 
off-ca mpus event s th roughout 
~CUIG I San Diego county. 
L---~='----" I IIIISTIIU 

The 40-memher UCS D 
cycling team proved to be a ver-
satile group of men and women 
this past year. Competing in both 

Coach Sandra Pake led over 
30 members of the UCS D eques-
trian team this year. Primarily 

training at the stables in Rancho 
Santa Fe, three riders qualified 
for nationals in New York this 
year. Included in this trio was 
Anneliese Kannow, whose hard 
work in the Flat earned her not 
only a third-place fini sh. but entry 
fo r future international competi -
tions thi s summer. Teammate 
Cathryn Hager finished in sev-
enth place. 

It was a hot and cold season 
for thi s year's ice hockey team. 
The team ", early cold spells, in 
which it struggled offensively and 
languished defensively, were 
eradicated by the mid and late 

~easons as the crew made its way 
to the post-season for the first 
lime in several years to go head-
to-head with ri val powerhouses 
San Jose State, Cal State Long 
Beach and Cal Tech. 

As always. the men's lacrosse 
team was as powerful as ever this 
year. Led by team captain Frank 
Lemes. the lacrosse team got its 
feet wet in Di vision I play and 
proved it belonged there too by 
making it to the D-I post-season. 
The team's hi ghlight came in 
Arizona, where a late-game 
charge led the team from 3 goa ls 
down to an eventual overtime 
win. allowing the team to make 
the playoffs. A total of three 

Snyder and Bennett Will be Missed 
SENIORS: Softball team says goodbye to its fourth-year winning duo 
By Brian Welles wealth of memories to accompany 
Senior Staff Writer them in their post-undergraduate 

Going off into the real world years. Surely, they will party in the 
ai n' t that easy folks. Especially future . Surely, they wi ll drink 
when you are forced to depart from among close friends. But it will be 
the famili al environment of the hard to replicate the dimensionality 
UCSD women's softball team. and passion they shared with their 

The designated infield in fellow sisters on the fi eld in bring-
the holy southwest corner of ing in exci ting wins for the 
RIMAC field Triton softball 
holds many IBENIO"'.'-1",1 pr o g r a m . 
sweet memories Softball Head 
of victory and team bond-
ing for the women's softball 
team. 

As seniors Sarah Snyder and 
Kelsey Bennett are ushered off into 
the real world by this fine institu-
tion, they wi II have a bag of 
sparkling pearls in the form of a 

Coach Patti Gerckens 
agrees that they con-

tributed enormously lo the success 
of the team this season. 

Coach Gerckens could not be 
more more pleased with having had 
the 0ppurlunity to coach these two 
women ' for four years at UCSD. 

The presence of Snyder and 
Bennell collectively embodied a 
model of team leadership and ath-
leti cism which will turn heads 
toward that sacred corner of 
RIMAe field when softball fans 
recollect on watching them play 
with intensity and winning atti-
tudes. That field, which is empty 
now for the off-season, will forever 
retain the qualities of these two 
women inside the minds of next 
year's Triton squad who had the 
privilege of playing with Snyder 
and Bennett. 

One of the most prec ious 
moments marking these two Triton 
careers came relatively late in the 
recently completed season. In the 

See SOFTBALL, Page 19 

UCS D sti ck-wielders qualified 
for the All -S tar team: Evan 
Old ford, Demetrius hapi n-
Rienzo and Mike Cummings. 

Despite being a perenial 
power in West Coast women 's 
lacrosse, the UCSD crew had an 
off season this year. The women 
slate it a rebuilding year, as the 
majority of the team was young 
and new to UCSD. The team 
improved throughout the enti re 
season and, under a new head 
coach. expecls to return to the 
playoffs next year. 

The rugby team did not sur-
pri se a single fan this year as it 
met its own expectations with 
another National Championship 
this season. The two-t ime defend-
ing champions boasted a 10-0 
league record and outscored its 
opponents 292-93. Kevin 
"Destroyer"Beli was crowned the 
team's Most Valuable Forward, 
Courtney "BirdBoy" Geigle 
recieved most Valuable Back 
honors and Andy "Worm" Wilga 
was named the Man of the Match 
during the tinals. 

In its first year at the UCS D 
See RECAP, Page 18 

~ ~~ :-' 



20 SPORTS 

"ItflllnlllII"'.r)'-
beIottI. III • elite· He 
..... to be .".".,." 
"". you _Id .,."., 
• IIoIt III' • flier. • 

The UCSD Guardian Tuesday, June I, 1999 

Gigante 
Hombre SECOND TO NONE 
Brian Welles 
The End of the 
Gold Rush 

When the Los Angeles Lakers 
were eliminated from the play· 
offs early last week, my visions 
of watchi ng Shaq and Kobe and 
the newly acquired "stars" soar 
through the playoffs en route to 
their lir~t lille in eighl year~ were 
decimated. I ligured Laker gold 
would <.:arry me Ihrough Ihe aca-
demically Ireacherous linal 
weeks of s<.:hool as a source of 
spirit and added strength from 
wat<.:hi ng spons. 

The facI Ihal my imramural 
s ftball team "Ho Train" (I did 
nOI make up the name!) made it 
10 the Iinals 111 a dOllble-climi-
nation playoff tournamenl after 

IO~lI1g our lirsl playoff game 
provided me wi th a ",inning 
rush for the week, bUltho,c sen-
limems were partia lly neulral-
iled whcn Ihe Lakers were 
knocked out by the San Antonio 
Spurs carly lasl week. 

Sitting al my huddy's housc 
in Los Angeles walchi ng game 
3, my die harCJ Laker friends and 
I <.:omplained about every fa<.:el 
of the Lakers' game-plan and 
lack of execution. By the fourth 
quarter, I was ready to go home 
because the game (and the 
whole Laker season for that 
mailer) reminded me of a 
Barnum & Bailey feslival. 

Down 2-0 in Ihe series at Ihe 
time. I Iigured if we won, there 
would be several more opportu-
nilies to see the Lakers Iry to 
scrat<.:h and claw their way back 
into the se ries. If they lost, I did 

'not want to experience the pain 
- especially in a game where 
the team was droppi ng good 
passes when it got deep under-
neath the basket and was keep-
ing the score at a see-saw battle 
with incessant turnovers. 

Indeed, the Laker , who 
were supposed to be an unstop-
pable basketball team this year, 
played like un<.:oordinated old 
men. And what's worse, they 
could have outlasted the San 
Antonio Spurs had they realized 
that at least more than one of 
them existed on the <.:oun. 

There was no ball rotation in 
the Laker offense - no team-
work of a<.:knowledgment of the 
fact that it takes live working at 
the same time at the same inten-
sity level to win a champi -
onship. But was Head Coach 
Kurt Rambis capable of notic-
ing this? We don ' t know for 
sure, but what we do know is 
that he was unsuccessful in 
implementing a <.:onsistent 
offense to combat the Spurs. He 
had no answer, his players had 
no answer and I have no answer 
to ex plain why Jerry Bus ' does-
n't want Phil Jackson to <.:Oach 
the Lakers. After all that has 

See COLUMN, Page 19 

YEAR-IN-R.EVIEW 
From the 60 members of the ballroom dance team to the 16 members of the surf team, over 300 
student athletes combined to continue the juggernaut also known as the UCSD sports clubs this year 
By John Maynard dirt and road seasons. the cyc ling 
Sports Editor team traveled all over the west, 

A second-consecutive Division CUlling down its competitors 
II ational Championship in along the way. Overall , the moun-
rugby, an individual state cham- tain bike leam finished fourth at 
pionship in women's surfing and regionals, whi le Ihe road team 
a first-ever trip to nationals in .Iinished off ils season earlier this 
ultimate disc - these are just a May 'with a fifth-pla<.:e regional 
few of the accolades garnered by lin ish. These strqng regional fin-
the UCS D sports club teams thi s ishes earned the team a coveted 
year. berth to nationals. 

Over 300 UCS D students Individually, Jenny Eyerman 
compete on UCSD sports club continued to dominate the 
learns each year, and this year the women's <.: ircuit and captured first 
level of competition was kicked place in women's A criterion and 
up a notch. All in all, it was one of third in th t! ro~ld race. On Iht! 
the most successful sports club mcn" ,ide. Mike Prybylski 
seasons of all time. hrollght in .'n imprc ,ive fourth 

Here's the skinny: (llace linish in Ihe men's A ra<.:e at 
regionals. 

~~~==II=I=.=a~~1 ~I __ ~UI==f __ ~ 
These swingers continued to 

jump, jive and fox-trot over their 
competition. In its relatively short 
existence, the ballroom dance 
team has grown 10 60 strong 
members. In the past two years, 
the squad of 60 has earned serious 
respect among its competitors. 
This year's highlights include a 
prestigious wi n at the University 
of evada, Las Vegas where the 
squad defeated a plethora of 
schools from all over the west 
coast. 

Relatively new to the sports 
<.: Iub scene, the dance learn 
proved itself as a viable addition. 
Most recentl y, the women 
brought home third-pla<.:e honors 
at a national <.:o mpetition in 
Miami, Fla. In addi tion to <.:ompe-
titions, the dance team was also 
the half-time entertainment al a 
number of UCSD men 's and 
women's basketball games, and it 
also performed for other on and 
off-campus events Ihroughout 

. , Clalil I San Diego county. 
L-----=.:=_.--J , IIIIlIII 

The 40-member UCS D 
cyding team proved to be a ver-
satile group of men and women 
th is past year. Competing in both 

Coach Sandra Pake led over 
30 members of the UCS D eques-
trian team this year. Primarily 

training at the stables in Rancho 
Santa Fe, three riders qualified 
for nationals in New York Ihis 
year. Included in this trio was 
Anneliese Kannow, whose hard 
work in the Flat earned her not 
only a third-place fini sh. but entry 
for future international competi-
tions thi s summer. Teammate 
Cathryn Hager finished in sev-
enth place. 

It was a hot and wid season 
for this year's ice hockey team. 
The team's early cold spells, in 
whi<.:h it struggled offensively and 
languished defensively, were 
eradicated by the mid and late 
seasons as the crew made its way 
to the post-season for the first 
time in several years to go head-
to-head with rival powerhouses 
San Jose State, Cal State Long 
Beach and Cal Tech. 

As always, the men's lacrosse 
team was as powerful as ever this 
year. Led by team captain Frank 
Lemes. the lacrosse team got its 
fcet wet in Division I play and 
proved it belonged there too by 
making it to the D-I post-season. 
The team's highlight came in 
Arizona, where a late-game 
<.:harge led the team from 3 goals 
down to an eventual overtime 
wi n, allowing the team to make 
the playoffs. A total of three 

Snyder and Bennett Wtll be Missed 
SENIORS: Softball team says goodbye to its fourth-year winning duo 
By BrIan Welles 
Senior Staff Writer 

Going off into the real world 
ain ' t that easy folks. Especially 
when you are forced to depart from 
the familial environment of the 
UCSD women 's softball team. 

The designated infield in 
the holy southwest comer of 
RIMAC field 
holds many 
sweet memories 
of victory and team bond-
ing for the women 's softball 
team. 

As ~eniors Sarah Snyder and 
Kelsey Bennell are ushered off into 
the real world by this fine institu-
tion, they will have a bag of 
sparkling pearls in the form of a 

wealth of memories to u<.:company 
them in their post-undergraduate 
years. Surely, they will party in the 
future . Surely, they will drink 
among close friends. But it will be 

. hard to replicate the dimensionality 
and passion they shared with their 

fe llow sisters on the field in bring-
ing in exciting wins for the 

Triton softball 
program. 
Softball Head 

Coach Patti Gerckens 
agrees that they con-

tributed enormously to the success 
of the team this season. 

Coach Gerckens could not be 
more more pleased with having had 
the oppurtunity to coa<.:h these two 
women ' for , four years at UCSD. 

The presence of Snyder and 
Bennett collectively embodied a 
model of team leadership and ath-
leticism which will turn heads 
toward that sacred comer of 
RIMAe field when softball fans 
recollect on watching them play 
with intensity and winning alti-
tudes. That field, which is empty 
now for the off-season, will forever 
retain the qualities of these two 
women inside the minds of next 
year's Triton squad who had the 
privilege of playing with Snyder 
and Bennett. 

One of the most precious 
moment marking these two Triton 
careers came relatively late in the 
re<.:ently completed season. In the 

See IOf1IALL, Page 19 

UCSD sti ck-wielders qualified 
for the All-Star team: Evan 
Oldford, Demetrius Chapin-
Rienzo and Mike Cummings. 

Despite being a perenial 
power in West Coast women's 
lacrosse, the UCSD crew had an 
off season this year. The women 
slate it a rebuilding year, as the 
majority of the team was young 
and new to UCSD. The team 
improved throughout the entire 
season and, under a new head 
coa<.:h, expects to return to the 
playoffs next year. 

~I" 
The rugby tcam did nOI sur-

prise a single fan this year as it 
met its own expectations with 
another National Championship 
this season. The two-time defend-
ing champions boasted a 10-0 
league record and outscored its 
opponents 292-93. Kevin 
"Destroyer"Bell was crowned the 
team's Most Valuable Forward, 
Courtney "BirdBoy" Geigle 
recieved most Valuable Back 
honors and Andy "Worm" Wilga 
was named the Man of the Match 
during the finals . 

In its first year at the UCSD 
See RECAP, Page 18 


