
Elsewhere 
uc Davis Unveils 
New Logo 
DAVIS - UC Davis 
unveiled a new mascot 
Saturday ending years of con-
fusion as to whether the uni-
versity's official mascot is the 
Aggie or the Mustang. The 
new logo, which will make 
its debut this summer on 
UCD apparel, bumper stick-
ers, mugs and other products, 
features the original Mustang 
mascot as the visual depiction 
along with the nickname 
"Aggies." The athletics 
department will phase the 
new logo onto team uniforms 
in the next three years. 

- The California Aggie 

N.O. W. Cells for 
R .... Prosecution 
GAINSVILLE, Fla. -
Members of the University of 
Florida's National 
Organization for Women 
(N.O.W.) are protesting a 
decision by State Allorney 
Rod Smith to drop rape 
charges against member of 
the Delta Chi fraternity. 
University police said that a 
videotape of the Feb. 26 
party during which 27-year-
old-stripper Lisa Gier King 
said she was raped "clearly 
showed consensual sex." 
Campus N.O.W. members 
are demanding that a grand 
jury or the U.S. Justice 
Department investigate the 
case. 
- Independent Florida Alligator 

Reports Que.tlon 
Distance Education 
HOUSTON, Texas - Two 
recently released reports 
question the utility and acces-
sibility of college distance 
education programs. College 
distance education programs 
are courses that students can 
take via the Internet or at 
locations distant from the 
main campus. A report by the 
Institute for Higher Learning 
said the success of distance 
education programs does not 
often take into account the 
high dropout rates of students 
enrolled in the courses. 
Another report from the 
College Board stated that 
lower income minority fami-
lies often lack access to the 
technology needed to partici-
pate in the courses. Marshall 
SChOll, the associate director 
of distance education at the 
University of Houston said 
that he has not seen many 
students drop out of the pro-
gram at UH and that the uni-
versity is trying to ensure that 
the public has access to local 
computing sites. 

- The Daily Cougar 

Spoken ••• 
"I am so proud of all 
the people in ELP who 
busted their butts to 
make sure '7' was 
spectacu·lar. " 

- K,.. Abello 
ELP event co-<:hair 
See story at right 

Internet: _ .ucsd.eduj,uardian 
E-mail: ,usrdianOucsd.edu 

Violent Nature The One? 
In the wake of the Columbine High Psychotherapist Mary's hints 
School tragedy, our writers consider for knowing you've found 
the pros and cons of gun control your one and only love 

Opinion, page 4 Features, page 12 

T H E U c· 

UC SAN OtEGO MONDAY, MAY 3,1999 

VICES & VIRTUES 

Jill Donofrio/Guardian 
&r ....... of fir.: Jugglers entertained the crowd by performing with fire at Friday's 
carnival called ·7.· This carnival was organized by the Revelle Emerging Leaders Program. 

ELP Hosts All-Campus Carnival 
SEVEN: Revelle Emerging Leaders 
Program began planning for the 
$14,000 event five months ago 
By Leena Shankar 
News Editor 

The Revelle Emerging Leaders Program (ELP) 
hosted an all-campus carnival called "7" last 
Friday on RIMAC Field following a performance 
by comedian Carrot Top in RIMAe Arena. Over a 
thousand students partook in activities uch as a 
rock-wall climbing center, a casino, a bungee 
trampoline, a masseuse booth and a OJ dance. 

Carrot Top's performance was sponsored by 
the A.S. Council Programming office headed by 
Snehal Naik. 

"We wanted to bring Carrot Top and this was 
the only day he was available," Naik said. "So 
we decided to combine events." 

Revelle college Dean Renee Barnett-Terry, 
who is the primary advisor for ELP, said tltat A.S. 

Council support was instrumental to the success 
of "7." 

"We appreciate the financial support received 
from the Associated Students - both Snehal 
[Naik] in Programming and Genoa [Ferguson] in 
Finance," she said. "A.S. demonstrated their 
commitment to improving the quality of student 
programs and events for all students in collabo-
rating with the Emerging Leaders Program in 
making this event a UCSD community success." 

ELP members started planning the event in 
January and came up with the theme "7" based 
on the seven vices and seven virtues to tie togeth-
er the activi"ties. 

"The Warren mall lights fascinate me and 
everyone else thinks they are cool, too," said 
Mike McCormick, who chaired the logistics 
committee. "We have a bunch of booths with a 
common theme." 

Some examples of these booths include an 
inflated boxing ring for the vice of anger, a donut 

See ELP, Page 3 

Commencement To Be Reinstated 
A.S. President Joe Leventhal 

confirmed yesterday that 
Chancellor Robert Dynes has 
reinstated this year's all-carnpus 
commencement and that 
Qualcomm founder Irwin Jacobs, 
a former UCSD professor, will 
speak at the ceremony. 

Leventhal said that while 
logistics still need to be worked 

out, he believes that the cere-
mony will be held on RlMAC 
Field at 10 a.m. on Saturday, 
June 12. 

Leventhal said that the over-
whelming student support in 
favor of an all-campus com-
mencement prompted the chan-
cellor to continue the search for 
a commencement speaker. 

He added that after learning 
that Jacobs was interested in 
speaking, Dynes sent e-mails to 
members of the committee to 
select a speaker. Leventhal said 
that almost the entire committee 
was in favor of selecting Jacobs 
as a speaker. 

More information on the sub-
ject will follow on Thursday. 

Jersey Bound ~ 
As a rewardfor an awesome ~ 
14-2 season, women's tennis Z 
heads to the Garden State 0 

Sports, page 20 :IE 

5 D 

VOLUME 97,ISSUE II 

Schudson 
Speaks on 
Politics 
LECTURE: Professor's 
speech based on his recent 
book The Good Citizen 
By Jennifer Grady 
Staff Writer 

Michael Schudson, professor' of com-
munication and sociology, delivered a 
lecture Wednesday titled "The Social 
Transformation of American 
Citizenship." The lecture was one of the 
Faculty Research Lectures sponsored by 
the Academic Senate. 

Schudson, one of the nation 's top 
authorities on political communication 
and the culture of news media, ba cd his 
lecture on his recently published book 
The Good Citizen: A History of American 
Civic Life. 

Schudson gave his lecture as a recipi-
ent of the Faculty Research Award . 
Award recipients are nominated annually 
by fellow professors and faculty through 
letters of recommendation . Once these 
letters are received, a committee of the 
Academic Senate, chooses two winners, 
one from the sciences and one from the 
humanities. 

Schudson delivered his lecture to an 
auditorium of faculty, graduate students 
and members of the community. 

In Schudson's lecture, which covered 
300 years of American political history, 
he said that four different and connicting 
views of citizenship have emerged in our 
nation over time. 

"All four models of ci ti zenship sur-
vive today, and need to be recognized." 
Schudson said. "We need to draw on 
them and learn from them." 

Schudson began his lecture with an 
example of the typical election process in 
the late 18th and early 19th centuries. He 

. said that in colonial times, a white m Ie 
property owner would travel to the only 
polling place in the county, which was 
supervised by the sheriff. There, leading 
landowners of the community would cast 
their votes out loud. 

Schudson said that because a man 's 
vote became public knowledge, he did 
not have the liberty to vote based on his 
own opinion. He added that voters were 
not expected to evaluate public issues 
themselves; rather it was job of the 
politician. Schudson said that the begin-
ning of our nation's political system was 
drastically different than what it has 
become and that our system was not as 
democratic as it is today. 

Schudson said that the second chapter 
in American citizen involvement began 
with the emergence of the American 
political party. Election day was now the 
culmination of months of campaigning, 

See HISTORY, Page 9 



2 NEWS 

Women's Center 
Holds Title IX Talk 
DISCUSSION: Director of the Office of Sexual 
Harassment Prevention and Policy spoke on legislation 
By Kendra Welnlsch 
Guardian Reporter 

ate to their respective enrollments," 
within 5 percent. 

Title IX, the legislation that 
prohibits exual discrimination in 
any "education program or activi -
ty receiving Federal financial 
assistance," was the topic of dis-

Many schools with large athletic 
programs such as football and bas-
ketball have cut smaller men's sport 
teams including golf, tennis, soccer 
and wrestling to close the proportion 

cussion last 
Thursday at the 
Women 's Center. 
Lori Chamberlai n, 
the director of the 
Office of Sexual 
H arass m e nt 
Prevention and 
Policy, spoke about 
the history of the 
legislation and cur-

"Do we have 
something 
worse than 
the other 
campuses? 
No. Are we 
perfect? No." 

gap; Chamberlain 
said this is the case 
at Cali fornia State 
University 
Bakersfield (CSUB). 

Cha mb erl ai n 
added that members 
of the CSUB men's 
wre tling team wi ll 
go to court later thi s 
year to argue that 

rent issue sur- _ Lori Chamberlain the universi ty's 
rounding the 27- Director of the Office of decision to drop 
year-old ordinance. their sport from the Sexual Harassment C ham be r I a in roster infringes on 
said that the first Prevention and Policy their rights under 
Title IX case was tried in 1979 and Ti tle IX. Chamberlain aid that 
focu ed on the denial of a young 
woman to two medical schoo ls 
allegedly on the basis of her gen-
der. This year. she also said, the 
Supreme Court wi)1 hear a case 
regarding whether schools wi ll be 
liable for peer sexual hara sment as 
a violation of Title IX. 

Chamberlain said the statute's 
newest debate comes in response to 
the 1987 amendment that stipulates 
that the "intercollegiate level par-
ticipation opportunities for male 
and female students are provided in 
numbers substantially proportion-

after an initial cut in 1995 from 37 
to 27 players on the wrestling 
team, the school removed the team 
altogether because many adminis-
trators claim that they simply can-
not afford to add the women 's 
teams that would sati fy the sub-
stantial proportionality require-
ment. 

Chamberlain added that, 
according to an article in the 
Chronicle of Higher Education, 
activists, athletic directors, offi -
cials and pundits are split on the 

See EQUAUTY, Page 9 

GUARDIAN 
WALT DICKINSON 

Editor in Chief 
JUUA KULLA-MADER • MEGAN SMITH 

Managing Editors 
TABITHA GRANSHAW • LAURA KNIGHTEN 

Copy Editors 
LEENA SHANKAR. ERIKA SNIDER 

News Editors 
JESSICA SCHEPPMANN 

Features Editor 
MARC COMER 
Opinion Editor 

WARD HAN 
Associate Opinioll Editor 

JAKE GORDON. JOHN MAYNARD 
Sports Editors 
TRAVIS HILL 

Associate Sports Editor 

LINDSAY SWORSKI 
Hiatus Editor 

DAVID LEE 
Associate Hiatus Editor 

USA HUFF 
Photo Editor 
JUUUS CHOt 

Associate Photo Editor 
JOHN BARBER 

Graphics Editor 
NICK RUNCO 
lJ€sign Editor 

BRIAN WIKNER 
Web Editor 

EDITORIAL ASSISTANTS Jesse Fisher. VII"ICent Gragnanl, Nllou Mostofi. Scott Shibata 
SENIOR STAFF WRlltllS 

John Barber, Jeff Barker. Bill Burger, Genevieve Colt. Theodore Dokko. Vincent Gragnanl. Mary 
Higgins. laura KllIghten. Dave lubltz. Annam Manthlram. NtlOU Mostafi , Jenny NIcholson. 

Simone Sanllnl. Mark Smith. Tommy Vu. Scott Yager 
STAFF WRITERS 

Jema Barctay. Shannon Castle. Brent Don. Bertrand F...,. Kari Friedm...,. Brooke Garrenson. 
Jennifer Grady. Jeremy Gray. ~Ia Kiffi. Mdy Mynck. CIlnSlIr1e Pangan. Jacob Schechter. Eve SOnJty 

IUUSTRATORS 
Mike Belle. K(lstlne Chang. AUStin Hsia. Alice Lin. Joe Pan. JosephIne Roberts . Nicholas Runco 

DESIGNERS Karen Tran. Thomas weng 
COPY READERS Alison NOrriS. Kevin Byrne 

WEB DESIGNERS Sam Payne-TingJeff. Mark StICkel 
COMPUTER SUPPORT David Glicksman 

ANN BAREFIELD 
Business Manager 

MIKE MARTtNEZ BROCK HALTER 
Advertising Art Director Advertising Manager 

YVETTE ALCALA 
Assistant Business Manager 

ADVERTISING ASSISTANT Melody Gonzales 
CIRCULATION ASSISTANTS 

Jason Allen. Phllhp Goldman. Jake Inchch. JacOb Meyberg. Brady Phelps. Nate Smith 
ADVERTISING DESIGN. LAYOUT John Barber. Casey BUllenhUYI. Katl' Keenan. Sky Frostenson 

The UCSO Guardian IS published Moodays and ThurSdays during the academic year by and for 
the students of UCSD. ReproductlOfl of thiS newspaper In any form, whether in whole or in 
part. WIthout permlsslOl1 IS strICtly prohibited. C 1999. all roghts reselYed. The UCSO Guardian 
IS not responslbte for the return of unsolICIted manuscripts or art. The views expressed herein 
CIO not necessarily represent the oplmoos of The UCSD Guardran. the UnIVerSity pf California or 
the AsSOCiated Students. The UCSD GuardIan 15 funded solely by adVertiSing. 
You win thIS round Koala'. But CIOn't dnnl< yoursetves Silly too much next year. We'lI be bad<1 

News/Features: 534-5226. General Editorial: 534-6581 
Opinion/Sports: 534-5582. Hiatus: 534-6583 
Advertising Office : 534-3466. Fax: 534-7691 

e-mail: guardlant#ucsd. edu 
Guardian Online: http://www.ucsd.edu/ guardlan/ 

UCSD Guardian, 9500 Gilman Drive 0316, 
La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 

Actual location: Second Floor. UCSO Student Center Building ·A·. Rm . 217 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, May 3, 1999 

ETCE'TERA ••• 
OFaFearHeR BY JOHN BaRBeR 

BRIEFLV ••• . 
." I I 

., ) 

Mental Health Conference to be Held 
Manic depressive illness, Attention Deficit Disorder 

(ADD) and Alzheimer's disease are the three major 
topics to be explored at the second annual Inner and 
Outer Limits Conference: A Focus on Mental Health, 
which will be held from May 4 through 6. 

The conference is coordinated by UCSD's 
Community Advocates for Disability Rights and 
Education (CADRE) and is being held in conjunction 
with Mental Health Month. All events are free and 
open to the public. 

The conference will feature several speakers. On 
May 4 at 7 p.m., at the Institute of the Americas, local 
mystery writer Abigail Padgett will speak on 
"Understanding Bipolar Disorder." She speaks from 
personal experience as the parent of a son with manic 
depression. 

Kathleen Nadeau, a specialist in ADD, will deliver two 
lectures. She will speak on "Women and Attention DefICit 
Disorder" at noon on May 5 at the Women's Center and 
that evening on "Attention Deficit Disorder in the 
Workplace" at 7 p.m. in Robinson Auditorium at IRIPS. 

Neuroscientist Leon Thai, who is also the chair of 
UCSD's Department of Neurosciences and the direc-
tor of Alzheimer's Disease Cooperative Study Center, 
will speak on "Alzheimer's Disease: Biology and 
Treatment" on May 6 at 6:30 p.m. at the Institute of 
the Americas. 

The conference will also feature a Caregivers' 
Information Fair from 3:30 p.m. to 6:30 p.m. on May 
6 at the Institute of the Americas. Representatives 
from the Southern Caregiver Resource Center will pro-
vide information on legal issues, in-home care, place-
ment options, medications, case management and 
other issues. 

For more information call 534;4497. Persons with 
disabilities who require accommodation to access the 
programs may call 534-4382 for assistance. 

OffoCampus Housing Holds 
Workshops on Moving 

The Off-Campus Housing Department will hold 
workshops designed to help students planning to 
move off-{;ampus this month. Issues that will be cov-
ered include when to look for an apartment, how to 
find an apartment, negotiating tips, the legalities of 
renting and the most common problems in renting. 

All workshops are held from 6 p.m. to 7:30 p.m. 
The first workshop will be held on Wednesday, May 5 
at Pepper Canyon Lodge in Roosevelt college. On 
Wednesday, May 12, there will be a workshop at 
Oceanview Lounge in Marshall college. The workshop 
will also be held at Conference Room C at Revelle on 
Thursday, May 13. The fourth workshop will be held at 

the Warren Student Activities Center on Wednesday, 
May 19. The last workshop will be at Muir Half Dome 
Lounge from 5:30 p.m. to 7 p.m. on Wednesday, May 
26. For more information, call 534-3670 or e-mail off-
campushousing@ucsd.edu. 

Human Reproduction 
Re .. archers Receive NIH Grant 

UCSD School of Medicine researchers exploring 
the underlying mechanisms of human reproduction 
have been awarded a five-year, $5.3 million grant by 
the National Institutes of Health (NIH) to establish a 
Center for the Study of Reproductive Biology and 
Disease. Pamela Mellon, professor of reproductive 
medicine and neuroscience at the School of Medicine, 
and R. Jeffrey Chang, professor of reproductive medi-
cine, are c(Hjirectors of the program. 

Women's health concerns such as infertility, poly-
cystic ovary syndrome and problems related to 
menopause are among the areas of focus for the 
researchers. Studies range from the laboratory.tJased 
investigations of cellular and molecular biology to clin-
ical studies that translate basic research findings into 
improvements in patient care. 

The program is an expanded outgrowth of the 
Specialized Population Research Center, which has 
been based at UCSD for 20 years. The work of this 
center has yielded many important findings about the 
mechanisms of reproductive disorders and infertility 
and the development of new treatments . 

Reg.nt's Lecture on 'Electronic 
Education' to Be Held Monday 

Ralph Gomory, president of Alfred P. Sloan 
Foundation, will give a Regent 's Lecture on "Electronic 
Education" on Monday, May 3 at the Center Magnetic 
Recording Research. The lecture will begin at 4 p.m .. 
There will be refreshments served participants will 
have a chance to meet Gomory at 3:30 p.m. 

Gomory will discuss what the availability of higher 
education using the Internet will mean both for stu-
dents and for traditional providers of higher education. 
Gomory will also discuss what is known now about how 
well people learn by these new methods and the extent 
to which this new approach makes economic sense. . 

Gomory received his Ph.D. in mathematics from 
Princeton University in 1954. He was a Higgins Lecturer 
and assistant professor at Princeton from 1957 to 
1958 and joined the Research DiviSion of IBM in 1959. 
He was director of research at IBM and retired from IBM 
as senior vice president for science and technology to 
become president of the Sloan Foundation. 

Monday. May 3,1999 

Lights & Sirens is a selection of 
entries compiled from the log book 
of the UCSD Police Department. 

SunUy, AprIl 25 
7:00 p.m.: Student reported the 

theft of a television 'and video 
games from Frankfurter Hall 
between 2 a.m. and 7 p.m. Loss: 
$190. 

11:27 p.m.: Arrest of an lS-year-
old student at Argo Hall for posses-
sion of stolen property. Transported 
to Central Jail. 

Monay, AprIl 26 
9:30 a.m.: A 2~year-old female 

student lost consciousness at the 
Munch Box after taking prescription 
medication. Transported to Student 
Health by an officer. 

Tuetday,Aprl127 
8:22 a.m.: A staff member 

reported the theft of parking meters 
from Lot 402 between 8 a.m. on 
April 23 and 7:30 a.m. on April 26. 
Loss: $900. 

10:23 a.m.: A staff member 
reported a burglary on the 3rd floor 
of Center Hall between 5 p.m. on 
April 22 and 4:45 p.m. on April 26. 
Loss: $1,700. 

10:53 Lm_: A staff member 
reported the theft of a cellular 
phone from the Price Center food 

ELP: Carnival 
based on the seven 
vices and virtues 
ContIIl •• d ........... 1 
eating contest for the vice of glut-
tony, and a fake wedding booth for 
the vice of lust. 

"I think the best part of the car-
nival was the diversity of aurac-
tions we had," said Revelle fresh-
man Megan Moran, who chaired 
the production of "7" along with 
freshman Kyle Abello. "There was 
something for everyone." 

Students who attended "7" said 
that they enjoyed the event. 

"I'd have to say that it's one of the 
best events since three or four years 
ago," sophomore Victoria Bender 
said. '1t's bigger and everything is 
very inventive with the theme." 

Abello said that the event was a 
success because of the ELP group 
made up of approximately 40 stu-
dents. 

STUDENT 
DISCOUNT 

_11115% 
OFF 

ANYPURCHA8Ew/ucBDID 
mo Regents Road 11114 

in the 'Ions c.mer (619) 450-0709 

A 
MONDAYS & 
THURSDAYS 

t, . 

court between 10:30 a.m. and 
10:35 a.m. Loss: $250. 

WedMlday, AprIl 28 
12:22 a.m.: Detained a 4S-year-

old male non-affiliate at Muir 
Apartments for being a danger to 
himself. Transported to CMH by offi-
cer and issued an order to remain 
off campus for seven days. 

Thursday, AprIl 29 
12:54 Lm.: Detained a 24-year-

old male student and a 24-year-old 
male student at Pepper Canyon for 
being drunk in public. Transported to 
Detox. 

12:54 a.m.: Paramedics 
responded to a l~ar-old male 
student suffering from alcohol po~ 
soning at Pepper Canyon. Refused 
treatment. 

3:49 a.m.: Arrest of a 65-year-
old male non-affiliate at Gilman 
Drive and Myers Drive for parole vio-
lation. Transported to Central Jail. 

10:51 a.m.: Units and para-
medics responded to a 65-year-old 
female non-affiliate in shock from 
eye medication at the Shiley Eye 
Center. Transported to Thornton by 
paramedics. 

12:13 p.m.: A 2~year-old male 
non-affiliate suffered a broken wrist 
and complained of head pain after 

" I am so proud of all the people 
in ELP who busted their butts to 
make sure '7' was spectacular." 
Abello said. "ELP is built on good 
peoplc and that makes all the dif-
ference in the world." 

Janet Lim, Revelle student 
activities coordinator, said that this 
year's group worked well together 
in pUlling together the event. 

"There were very few glitches 
because this group worked really, 
really well together," Lim said. 
"Everything ran smoothly because 
it was well organized." 

AnjaJi Agrawal, chair of the pro-
gramming committee for ''1,'' said 
that she enjoyed the group effort 
that culminated in the carnival. 

"It took the help of everyone, 
really a group effort," she said. 
"You walk around campus and see 
a red shirt and you know that per-
son is part of ELP." 

Revelle Assistant Dean Liora 
Kian Gutierrez said that outside 
support was essential to pulling off 

The UCSD Guardian 

IRENS 
falling at a construction site at the 
Campus Services Complex. 
Transported to Scripps Memorial 
Hospital by paramedics. 

Friday, AprIl 30 
11:27 a.m.: Units and paramedics 

responded to a 37-year-old male noll-
affiliate having a heart attack at 
Student Health. Transported to 
Thornton Hospital by paramedics. 

3:15 p.m.: A student reported 
the theft of a gray Eddy Merckx 
EXB18 bike from the Mesa apart-
ments between 3:09 p.m. and 3:10 
p.m. Loss $3,500. 

Saturday, May 1 
3:30 p_m_: Eddy Merckx EXB18 

bike recovered on Miramar Street. 
Arrest of a 14-year-old male nOll-
affiliate at the same location for 
possession of stolen property. 
Released to parent. 

5:31 p.m.: A staff member 
reported the theft of a white electric 
cart from Lot 112 between 1 p.m. 
and 4 p.m. Loss: $900. 

8:37 p_m.: Units responded to a 
26-year-old male nOll-affiliate who 
dislocated his shoulder at Pepper 
Canyon 210. Transported to 
Thornton by paramedics. 
- Compiled by Vincent GragnaftI, 

SenIor Staff WrIter 

the carnival. 
"Every year, the ELPers from the 

years before support [the event]," 
she said. "It is built up every year as 
an all campus effort, not just 
Revelle. It's so gratifying to see how 
successful ELP can be with the sup-
port of the entire A.S. Council and 
all the other colleges as welL" 

ELP worked wit a budget of 
$14,000 raised from A.S. council, 
all the college councils and other 
sources. 

"It is through this type of part-
nering and collaboration of col-
leges and A.S. that we can make 
significant contributions to the 
social climate on this campus," 
Barnett-Terry said. 

This is the fifth-annual ELP 
event and the six th year of ELP's 
existence. The program was started 
by Barnell-Terry in order to devel-
op leadership skills in first and sec-
ond-year students. The program 
culminates each year in a free event 
for the entire campus. 

NEWS 3 

PARIS $448 ~ustax 
• ....... billed on twin - pint starti'll at $30 
• Allport ....... - city __ $14 
• .... a ... _ -half day $26 

$37 
$49 
$40 
$79 
$158 

• PARIS VISI1t . 2 consecutille days 
• CIIIIM the SeIne . 4nour cruise 
• car ......... based on 3 cia\! rrin. p/day 

.~~youItI'" 

EUROPE ON SALE 
Other Sample Far •• : 
LONDON $398 
ATHENS $835 
AMSTERDAM $548 
~ to .. aIaIIIIty, 1CIm8"" may ....... 
ltudBnt/youth/ .......... 

Travel 
CIEE: CoundJ on ~"I"_~ 
Intrrnational 
EdutadonalExchangr 
UCSD Price Center 
email: Counc:IILaJoliaOclee.or, 
(819) 452-0630 

SUN GOD ISSUE 
THURS. MAY 13TH 

457-3334 
8843 Villa La Jolla 

La Jolla 
$wonlWho/e Fooda Mkt. 

PICK UP, DROP OFF AN APPLICATION A:. 

I . If 

Student Information (EDNA) @ the Price Center 
Student Center Services @ the Student Center 
UCAB Office @ the Price Center, Room 2.325 

REMEMBER. ALL CURRENT TENANTS MUST RE - APPLY 

! .~ ! It., .:!;, ~ I , ' . ~. .! . I' I • ~ ! I : 



4 OPINION 

Media sensationalism and 
everyday violence foster 
American gun culture 
By Simone Santini 
Senior Staff Writer 

The recent tragedy in Littleton, Colo. has opened the 
proverbial can of worms on many maladies of American 
society. This would be a good time to explore in-depth 
some issues that our society will have to face, sooner or 
later. We know, however, that this is impossible. As often is 
the case, even this tory will fade very fast from media 
prominence and from our collective consciou ness, eager 
as we are to move at a faster and faster pace, and to prove 
ourselves (with an -imaginary self-innicted pat on the 
shoulder) that we are, indeed, living in rapidly changing 
time . 

Since we know that oblivion will fall soon, let us make 
what we can of the little time allotted and try to learn some 
lessons from the events. The main issue is: How could 
something like this happen? How could two teenagers 
assemble a small arsenal and tum it against their classmates 
and their teachers? Unti l we find the answers to these ques-
tions, every silly proposal to increase security and trans-
form schools into prisons will have no sizable conse-
quence. 

In the pa t week or so, more or less everybody and 
everything has been blamed - from the violent media, to 
the lack of gun control, to the caste system in American 
high schools, to the· scarce involvement of parents. All of 
these reasons, and many more, are at fault . The first lesson 
we should learn from the events in Littleton is that the 
causes of human behavior are always complex and dictat-
ed by a tangled web of circumstance. Every simplification 
is illusory. Every cause is inextricably connected with 
every other, and if taken by itself would lead to no serious 
consequence. But when mixed with other causes and stim-
uli , these factors can form an explosive compound. 

With thi in mind, we can start an undeniably superficial 
analy is of the influences that led to this and other similar 
episodes. As many people have pointed out, in America, 
the great facility with which it is possible to put one's hand 
on a gun or on explosives certainly played a role in what 
happened. But. as much as 1 would like to ee strict gun-
regulation laws, there is evidently more at play. The 
American gun culture played, in this case, an arguably larg-
er role. The ease of gun accessibility is at one time the 
cause and the consequence of an archaic cultural stance 
that see guns as an essential element for the assessment of 
one's freedom. 

American's appreciation for guns is part of an outdated 
See CULTURE, Page 5 

t.'" t, • 
.. ...... . 

The UCSD Guardian Monday. May 3, 1999 

~PINION 

Analyzing the cause of tragedies 
will break the pattern shootings 

By Theodore Dokko 
Senior Staff Writer 

Last week, America saw a very sad phenomenon 
rehashed. Littleton, Colo. can be added to the list of now 
infamous cities in which students have gone on deadly 
shooting rampages at their schools. 

We as a country witnessed on live television two high 
school students, Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold, take four 
guns and several bombs to Columbine High School and 
prowl their campus, intending to kill all 2,000 students and 
destroy the whole campus. In the end, the two students 
tragically killed 15 of their fellow classmates and injured 
another 25 . 

Eyewitness accounts reveal that the two young men 
specifically targeted minorities, athletes and Christians. 
CNN reported one especially gripping account of how one 
gunman asked a fellow student if she believed in God. 
Knowing how serious the gunman was, and at the same 
time knowing the safe answer, she calmly replied, "There 
is a God and you need to follow along God's path." The 
gunman shot her in the head. 

This story is not an uncommon testament of the bravery 
and courage that many of the students displayed. Some 
used their bodies a hields to protect their fellow students 
from the spray of bullets, while others stayed behind to 
open doors, allowing more people to reach safety. 
. As a re ult of the deadly camage that occurred in 
Colorado, a national debate has begun. How could two 
bright, young men such as Harris and Klebold get the idea 
to go on a shooting rampage, and who do we blame for such 
a national tragedy? Should we let the citizens of this coun-

See ANALY .. S, Page 6 

Stiffening hand gun laws will 
-perpetuate gun violence and 

endanger many Americans 
By Brooke Garrettson 
Staff Writer 

The recent shooting at Columbine High School in 
Littleton, Colo. has put the gun control debate back on the 
front burner. 

However, while gun control might appear to be the most 
obvious solution, it may actually cost lives. When gun-con-
trol laws are pas ed, only law-abiding citizens, not would-
be criminals, follow them. That means people who disarm 
according to the law become easier targets of robbery, rape 
or murder than they were before. 

Hardly mentioned in the massive news coverage of the 
past year's school-related shootings is how these rampages 
ended - two were stopped by a non-criminal citizen dis-
playing a gun. 
. In the October 1997 shooting spree at a high school in 
Pearl, Miss. that left two students dead, an assistant princi-
pal retrieved a gun from his car and physically immobilized 
the shooter while waiting for the police ("How to Stop 
Mass Public Shootings," LA. Times, May 25, 1998). 

Horrific events like the Columbine High shooting 
receive massive news coverage, as they should. However, 
the 2.5 million times each year that people use guns defen-
sively - including cases in which public shootings are 
stopped before they happen - are ignored. Dramatic sto-
ries of mothers using guns to prevent their children from 
being kidnapped by carjackers seldom even make the local 
news. Low-income Americans using low-cost "Saturday 
Night Specials" that lire now illegal to produce deserve 
much thanks ("How to Stop Mas.> Public Shootings," LA. 
1imes, May 25, 1998). 

It is comforting to know that those who legally carry 
guns appear to be very responsible and can be trusted with 
their privilege. In fact, out of 440,000 concealed handgun 
permits issued in Florida from 1987 to 1997, only 84 were 
revoked for felonies involving firearms, and FBI data on 
accidental deaths and suicides indicate that thcre were no 
increases ("How to Stop Mass Public Shootings," LA 
TImes, May 25, 1998). 

Criminals will still use firearms, even as tougher gun 
laws are passed. Firearms are illegal in Washington, DC, 
but that didn 't stop a man from walking into the capital 
building and taking the lives of two officers. With over 
20,000 gun-control laws already on the books, even Senate 
democratic leader Tom Daschle does not feel that more 
such laws will have any positive effect on crime levels any-
where in the United States (http://www.foxnews.com). 

See FlReAIIMS, Page 6 

Monday, May 3, 1999 

CULTURE: 
Violent films, games 
not only to blame 
ContInued froM PIIC- 4 
culture that we have inherited from 
revolutionary times and which, 
counterproductive as it is in this 
complex and interconnected soci-
ety, is firmly planted in America's 
social consciousness - reinforced 
by the popular culture of violent 
films and action games. 

As in many entangled social sit-
uations, casual relations are not 
clear. Whether violent films and 
games cause the culture of violence 
in young generations. or whether 
appreciation for violent shows is 
but a symptom of a dormant culture 
of violence is hard to say. Gun cul-
ture predates cinema and televi-
sion. so it is a tenable position to 
see in violent films a product of a 
pre-existing culture, as well as an 
element in a mutually reinforcing, 
upwardly spiraling dichotomy. 

This should not sound as an 
ego te absolvo for the media, but I 
believe that the maximum damage 
of the current media to the social 
structure must be viewed in the 
slightly different effect of blurring 

London ••••••••••• .$548 
Parls •••••••••••••• $692 
Frankfurt ........ $715 
Amst.nlam •••.• $660 
Madrld •••••••••••• .$7S9 

AII_ Of 0 ~p. Till< not_. 
IIome owstrtctions aPPlY. CST 110171lII0<<I 

270-1750 
4475 .... ~ ... F 

UN DlEIIO 

ST/j 
STA TRAVEL 
WE'W 8&N1HIIIE. 

www.statravel.com 

fiction with reality. This aspect of 
the media bu iness has gained par-
ticular prominence since the 
advent of the so-called "infotain-
ment," the edgy and superficial 
approach to information pioneered 
by news magazines a la 
"Dateline" and "20120." With a 
sad irony, the coverage of the 
Littleton shooting is a perfect 
example of the kind of pseudo-
journalistic pose that may have 
contributed to its happening. 
Whoever has seen the scenes of 
the students running from the 
school. or of the student dangling 
out of a window and rescued by 
the SWAT team, cannot help but 
having a eerie feeling of deja vu. 

And the feeling is real enough. 
Just go to the nearest Blockbuster 
and rent the latest Hollywood 
action nick - you will see the 
same scenes. We are not in the 
presence of film imitating reality (I 
cannot bring myself to call action 
movies "art," not even for the sake 
of a witty rebuttal); we are in the 
presence of reality redefining itself 
based on the fantasy perception. 

In order to gain headlines and 
prime time, an event has to be as 
close as possible to the imitation of 
reality that we see in the theaters. 

The UCSD Guardian 

11Ie dally carnage In 
the Inner-clty 
schools h_ 
produced many 
more victims than 
the Uttleton 
shooting, but It does 
not belong In the 
television unlv ..... 
becau .. It lacks 
credible fantasy 
referent. 
Kids running for their life, a frantic 
call to 911, a missile hitting a target 
in Kosovo - these images do not 
have any journalistic value, but 
invoke the necessary visual impact. 
Our senses, dulled by year of 
action, demand nothing less. The 
daily carnage in the inner-city 
schools has produced many more 
victims than the Littletpn shooting, 
but it does not belong in the televi-
sion universe because it lacks cred-
ible fantasy referent. Television 
announces the single dramatic 
event and not the problems that 
drag from year to year. 

Finally, the same culture of 
self-reliance and social isolation 
that generated the gun culture and 
the same cult of the lone hero that 
made America so receptive to vio-
lence in movies, is also responsi-
ble for the fractured social context 
in schools, which may be the 
direct cause of the massacre in 
Littleton. 

".ne merciless division of our 
socIety into "winner" and "losers" 
(and it is worth noting that in no 
other language does the term 
"loser" have a derogatory meaning) 
is generalized, but its consequences 
are particularly evident in schools. 
This is true in part because kids are 
much less restrained by social con-
ventions than adults, thus making 
the social fracture more brutally 
evident. Teenagers are much more 
sensitive than adults to social inte-
gration and acceptance, so this bru-
tal fracture has more immediate 
and dramatic consequences. 

A minor role can also be played 
by the perceived incoherence 
between the official and actual real-
ity. In the official reality, perfor-
mance in chool is the only thing 
that matters, and mastery of, say, 
math, is the best passport for a life 
of success. Being di fferent and 

OPINION 5 

original is the greatest virtue. The 
reality, as seen through the eyes of 
a teenager, is quite different, of 
course. Athletic performance, good 
cars, good clothes and the confor-
mity to the standard teenager 
model of behavior is what brings 
success among one's peers. The 
opinion of the school, of one's par-
ents or one's counselor is not an 
opinion to be trusted because it is 
very far from the reality in which 
one lives . . 

If thi (or part of this) is true, 
then the problem opened by the 
shootings in Colorado are a lot 
deeper and more serious than 
superficial commentators have 
admitted. Stupidly repressive mea-
sures, like school uniforms or 
prayers (or the crazy idea of the 
Fresno city council to cancel Rock 
concerts), will only sweep the 
problem under the rug until it will 
resurface in a different (and possi-
bly even more violent) form . These 
measures hould be rejected. We 
should not try to oversimplify com-
plex problems, but we should take 
them seriously for what they are. 
The shots in Littleton are the noise 
of our society falling apart. 

Send comments and Letters to 
the editor to guardian@ucsd.edu 

u. 1_~_/~ ___ .6_" 
I !f 11-' ·,_a'·""'IJ 

Medical division of THE PRINCETON REVIEW 



6 OPINION 

ANALYSIS: 
Keep guns from kids, 
crooks and crazies 
Cont""," from ..... 4 
try exercise th~ir Constitutionally 
guaranteed right to bear arms? If 
all NRA members want is the right 
to hunt and to bear arms, then they 
should stop campaigning for the 
sale of semi-automatic weapon 
and armor-piercing bullets. 

Instead, America should do all 
that is possible to keep firearms 
away from criminals, children and 
psychotics. The students used two 
sawed-off shotguns, a 9-mm semi-
automatic carbine and a TEC-DC 
9 semi-automatic handgun, all of 
which were probably selected due 
to their ability to fire a large num-
ber of rounds at very close range. 
Sawed-off shotguns and semi-
automatic handguns are not 
known for accuracy, and are thus 
most often associated with gang 
violence. However, these guns 
still playa role in school shootings 
similar to the ones we have wit-
nessed too often in this country. 

The call for stricter gun control 
measures coming from high places 
are not a panacea to problems that 

we as a nation are facing. Yes, the 
controls will make it harder for the 
criminal clements of society to 
attain firearms, but it still won't be 
impossible for them to do so. 

CNN reported Republican 
Presidential Candidate Patrick J. 
Buchanan as stating, "Those bru-
tal and nihilistic killers in 
Colorado violated 19 federal and 
state gun and explosive laws; To 
suggest that the passage of a 20th 
or 21 st or 22nd might have pre-
vented this atrocity is delusional 
and demagogic." 

Even Senate Minority Leader 
Thomas Daschle, a Democratic 
ally of the president, told the 
nation, "We have got a lot of gun 
laws on the books right now, in 
each of the states and nationally. I 
am not sure that gun legislation is 
what we need." 

Unfortunately, despite the 
laws, Harris and Klebold were 
still able to obtain weapons. 

Others are calling for a study 
of the society that r;auses troubled 
behavior in youths such as Harris 
and Klebold. 

CNN reported that Republican 
Presidential candidate Elizabeth 
Dole said, "While we can never 
have censorship, corporate 

The UCSD Guardian 

America in Hollywood, televi -
sion, the makers of video games, 
have a responsibility to remember 
the community and to think about 
the message they put out." 

Conservatives, looking at the 
same issue, do not see government 
regulation as the solution to the 
sorry situation the country is fac-
ing. Instead, they are urging care-
ful scrutiny of the popular culture 
that may cause so many students 
to go on such murderous ram-
pages. In addition, they ask that 
the problems be addressed from 
within the families. 

It seems that we must take a 
moderate position on the proposals 
offered by our elected officials to be 
able to envision a healthier society 
in the United SlateS. New gun con-
trollaws and stricter enforcement of 
the laws that we already have will 
make it harder for criminals to com-
mit their crimes. At the same time, 
we should search for what causes 
young people to murder so many of 
their peers. In doing so, we will be 
able to explain the deadly urges that 
too many students have had in the 
recent past and arrest any further 
urges before it is too lale. 

Send comments and Leiters to 
tire editor to guardian@ucsd.edu 

FIREARMS: 
Laws will tie the 
hands of good guys 
ContInued ".. ..... 4 

Ironically, anti-gun 'measures 
have put the price of firearms out of 
the reach of more lower-income 
Americans who are most likely to 
need protection. Gun-conlrol laws 
risk creating more situations in 
which the good guys cannot defend 
themselves the majority of the time 
when there are no police around. 

During'the Rodney King riots in 
Los Angeles, for example, those 
who had guns to guard their stores 
and homes tended to keep their 
possessions and those who didn't 
had items stolen and their buildings 
burned ("Guns, Crime and 
Freedom," Wayne LaPierre, 1996). 
An aerial view of Los Angeles in 
the riot aftermath clearly showed 
which buildings had armed citizens 
protecting them and which didn't. 

Other countries have followed 
a different solution. Twenty or so _ 
years ago in Israel, there were 
many instances of terrorists pulling 
out machine guns and firing away 
at civilians in public. However, 
with expanded concealed-handgun 

UCSD Bookstore & Birch Aquarium at Scripps Bookshop 

~AV 3,·"$,-

20% off absolutely everything 
at the Birch Aquarium Bookshopo And 200/0 off all general, technical, 
scientific books, gifts, clothing, school/artlonice supplies PLUS 
take an additional 200/0 discount on already marked-down merchandise 
at the UCSD Bookstoreo 
Book discount applies to 2000 and 8000 series: bestsellers, 
magazines, textbooks, medical books & instruments, computer 
& electronic departments are excluded. May not be used in 
conjunction with any other offer or discount. 

UCSD Bookstore 0 534-READ 
Mon-Fri 8am-6pm 0 Sat 10am-5pm 

<www-bookstore.ucsd.edu> 

Birch Aquarium at Scripps Bookshop 
534-8753 0 Mon-Sat 9:30am-5pm 

Monday. May 3, 1999 

use by Israeli citizens, terrorists 
soon found ordinary people pulling 
pistols on them. Suffice to say, ter-
rorists in Israel no longer engage in 
such public shootings ("How to 
Stop Mass Public Shootings," LA. 
TImes, May 25, 1998). 

But those cooped up' in crowded 
urban/suburban environments are 
in more need of blowing off some 
steam than those who can do as 
they please in the rural countryside. 

Firearms ownership, safety 
training and care can be an effec-
tive -way to teach youngsters real 
responsibi lity. 

By enacting a rigid restrictive 
gun law, the net effect will be that 
morallyand/or culturally infected 
schizophrenics will find bigger and 
better ways to culminate their pas-
sion for death. Worse, we are 
pUlling the control of people's 
behavior out of their own hands. 

Remember that many of the 
deaths were not from the illegally 
possessed guns used in Lillieton 
but were caused by pipe bombs that 
can be made with normal house-
hold items. 

Even if we were able to rid the 
world of all the things that could 
remotely be used as a weapon, 

See FUIeAIIIIS, Page 8 

TOlurt 0 
o Rubio's 0 Tuo 
o Jm HODIf 0 NrwlEle. 0 Buns e 
O Miramar o Subway 0 Robrrto 's 

La Jolla Shores 
o Jrll's Burem 0 Nri,hbor Smr 
o North Shore (afr ... 
o Panini (allr 'iitJj7 

Downtown La Jolla 
o Amy's (afr 0 La Jolla Brrwinl (0 
o Hom of Nalunl Foods 0 LJ Public 
o Baltimore Balrlo Bmini's • 
o Panni.kino 7-II(La Jolla Blyd.) 

Pacific Beach 
o ltI!tament!'so StarIMKks 0 WietIct (air 
o bnzibarouHlttlla 07-11 

• 

o Quick Comer 0 s., fda., 
, -Dn,..Housr 

Mission Beach • 
o "ission leach Tan 
o "iuion leach l1undry 
o "inion (oflu H~Ule 

Uptown/Hillcrest 
o TIlt Li,ial loom 0 Puta Ti. uft 

o 1110'S rtc. 0 TIM Stl4y 
o hprmo Roma 0 Euphoria (air 
o um "rd (mtn 0 Qurl 
o Downtown UCSD Bookllorr 

North County 
o Pim Port - Irlly Up 0 Jock's 
o Flown Hill Bookstorr 

(Drillar) G 
o Drl"ar Highlands 

Town (rntrr 

Monday, May 3, 1999 The UCSD Guardian OPINION 7 

REALISTIC STOP Is EAST International Stud ies Abroad DiiAiij ...... lillliAiiIi6iI ... 
Editor: 

In response to the April 26 
pro/con ("A Track for the Future") 
on the trolley expansion to UCSD: 

The "East of 1-5" campus stop is 
far more realistic than a "central 
campus" stop. While 2010 is the 
proposed start date, construction of 
a campus 'spur' would add months 
to the start date and cause inconve-
nience for all riders. Central campus 
is always changing. When I started 
at UCSD, the center of campus was 
the Old Student Center. The only 
UCSD things east of 1-5 were Mesa 
Housing, a baseball field and a dri-
ving range. Eleven years down the 
road, 1-5 will be central campus. 

And realistically, the state, 
county and university officials 
guiding this expansion will never 
have student convenience as a pri-
ority. Hope for more shuttles, but 
have an extra pair of hiking boots 
in the closet just in case. 

Peter Mayer 
Warren College Graduate '89 

Students Deserve a 
Rew_d and Answers 
Editor: 

Regarding the all-campus grad-
uation cancellation, we 'think the 

Lette,. t~g Editor 
The Guardian welcomes letters from 
its readers. All letters must be no 
longer than threll pages, typed, dou-
ble-spaced.and signed. Letters must 
also contain a phone number. We 
reserve the right to edit for length 
and clarity. Letters may be dropped 
off at the Guardian office on the 
second floor of the Old Student 
Center. Send all letters to: 

The UCSD Guardian 
Opinion Editor 

9500 Gilman Dr. 0316 
La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 

Fax: (619) 534·7691 
e-mail: guardian@ucsd.edu 

students deserve answers to a few 
questions and a response to a state-
ment ("Wanted: One Graduation 
Speaker, Anyone Will Do," April 
15). 

First, these questions must be 
answered: 

Where is the money that would 
have been spent on a speaker and 
the event itself going? Does part of 

our tuition go toward graduation? 
If so, shouldn ' t we get that money 
back or at least have the school 
fund some other event for the grad-
uates? What about the students 
who bought airline tickets months 
ago to fly in relatives so they could 
allend both the all-campus and 
individual college commence-
ments? Shouldn't they be compen-
sated for the expense? 

It seems to us that the recent 
cancellation pretty much sums up 
the attitude the administration has 
toward the students. As a reward 
for five years (on average) of hard 
work, we as students are welcomed 
by a feeble attempt to procure a 
speaker. If all else fails, the admin-
istration could have at least hired a 
UCSD professor to speak, and at 
Ihe very least planned some other 
event (at their expense) for the 
graduates to celebrate their 
achievement. The next time the 
administration wants to know why 
the students don't have any spirit or 
don't seem to care about UCSD, 
perhaps they should look to them-
selves for the answer. 

Christian Howard 
Martin Quinn 

Michael Marshall 
Dave Clark 
Jose Otero 

Spain 
France 
Argentina 

Chile 
Costa Rica 

Australia 
New Zealand 

www.slvdiesabroad .com 

~ .. 
~o 

o 
.'? 
" 

--:.: 
o 
E 
Q) 

.e\c.com 

EATING DISORDER 
Day Treatment Program 

This unique, comprehensive program 
offers a multidi ciplinary team 

that includes a psychologist, physician, 
psychiatrist, dietician , activity therapist, 

movement and art therapi st, marriage 
and family therapi st, certified fitness 

trainer and a yoga specialist. 

We are able to accomodate treatment to 
suit your school needs. 

For infonnation, enrollment and seminar schedule, 
contact Program Founder Dr. Divya Kakaiya 

fe~ 4510 Executive Drive, #102 i-kj S .. Diogo, CA 92121 
~1~ ~;':';~:::?:21 

The All-Campus Commencement is back on. See the story, page 1. 
Tell us what you think. 
......... 0pIaI-

DeWitt Higgs L'ecture 
featuring Professor Allen Buchanan 

"Genes and Justice" 
Thursday, May 6, 1999 
Price Center Ballroom 

free and open to the public 

7 :00 p.m. Lecture 
7:45 p.m. Panel Discussion 

·Gerald Doppelt (Moderator) 
Professor of Philosophy, UCSD 
Director, Graduate Program in Science Studies 
·GordOD GIll, M.D. 
UCSD School of Medicine 
·Peter Irons 
Professor of Political Science, UCSD 
·SteveD Smith 
Dean, California Western School of Law 

8: 15 p.m. Questions 
8:45 tionlRefreshments 

Allen Buchanan, Ph.D. 
Professor of Philosophy 
Univenity of Arizona 

Dr. Buchanan's lecture wiU concern the ethical and 
legal issues raised by the growing prospects of genetic 
intervention. Buchanan is a member of the advisory 
council of the human genome institute and a fonner 
member of several presidential and national 
committees in bioethics. For more information 
regarding Buchanan's publications and professional 
activities see the website listed below. 

For Information, call (619) 534-1704 
Website: 

http://provostoucsdoedu/l\'arren 

Sponsored by tbe UCSD Graduate Program in Science Studies * Law and Society Program * Health Care-Social Issues Program 
Earl Warren College * California Western Scbool of Law 



8 OPINION The UCSD Guardian 

COSTA VERDE 
Coom 

F !SIDON VALLEY 
Cool:R 

Nw SAKS FIfTH AVENUE 
(619)452-7374 (619)295-0537 8650 GENESEE AVE, SR, 220 

Brown Eyes fa Blue, Green, Hazel 

UISI'OSAHLE CONTACT lENSES 

1 00 PAIRS PLus EXAM 
~229~:MPLETE 

OLORED 
CONTACTS 

Freshlook Colors with purchase ·of 2 boxes 
of clear Freshlook disposables. 

EXTENDED WEAR DISPOSABLE LENSES 

2 PAIRS B&L FW COMPLETE 
"Atl 'Pecial. include Ion .... exam. eyecart kil and follow up vi.il. 

A.ligmalic Ion ... higher. Nol valid with any ather 011". 
OIlers .xpire 6/30/99. 

n -'m m- THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF MEDICAL MINO"ITY EDUCATO"S. INC .• WILL BE HOLDING ITS WESTERN .. I I I: REGION SPRING CONFERENCE AND RECRUITMENT FAIR AT THE UCSD SCHOOL OF MEDICINE CAMPUS. 
, THIS YEAR·S CONFERENCE (TITLED ··EDUCATION . TECHNOLOGY AND HUMANISM: RITES OF PASSAGE FOR 

THE NEW MILLENIUM ··) IS AN INNOVATIVE APPROACH TO GROOMING STUDENTS FOR CAREERS IN MEDICINE (ALLOl>ATHIC AND OSTEOPATHIC). 
DENTISTRY, VETERINARY MEDICINE. OPTOMETRY. PHARMACY. PODIATRY. CHIROPRACTIC AND ALLIED HEALTH CAREERS (PHYSICAL THERAPY 
":ND PHYSICIAN A SSISTANT) . 

THE HEALTH PROFESSIONS RECRUITMENT CONFERENCE IS AN ··INTERACTIVE·· EDUCATIONAL EXERCISE OPEN TO HIGH SCHOOL AND 
UNDERGR'AOUATE STUDENTS. AS WELL AS PARENTS WHO ARE INTERESTED IN LEARNING ABOUT THE "RITES OF PASSAGE" FOR BECOMING 
COMPETITIViE APPLICANTS TO COLLEGE AND HEALTH PROFESSION SCHOOLS. THE HIGH SCHOOL COMPONENT OF THE CONFERENCE WILL 
BE HELD IN EBOW AUDITORIUM . AND THE UNDERGRADUATE COMPONENT WILL TAKE PLACE IN GARREN AUDITORIUM. 

IF YOU AR INTERESTED IN ATTENDING. CALL THE HCOP ISTUDENT OUTREACH OFFICE AT (619) 534-4171 OR PRE-REGiSTER AT THE 
HCOP 1ST DENT OUTREACH OFFICE, IN THE DATE BLDG .• ROOM 107. WE .... K THAT YOU ",I:«IIGISTD IIY MAY S. , .. , 

Education. Technology. and Humanism: 
Rites of Passage for the New Millennium 

A FREE HEALTH PROFESSIONS SCHOOL RECRUiTMENT FAIR 
SPONSORED BY 

THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF MEDICAL MINORITY EDUCATORS, WESTERN REGION 
HOSTED BY THE UCSD SCHOOL OF MEDtCINE Be THE STUDENT NATIONAL MEDICAL ASSOCIATION (SNMA) 

Saturday. May 8. 1999 
UCSD SCHOOL OF MEDICINE, BAStC SCIENCE BLDG. , GARREN AUDITORIUM , RM. 1105 

8:00 AM Registration & Continental Breakfast (Lobby. Basic Science Building) 
9:00 AM Introduction 

Robert Resnik, M.D., Associate Dean, Admissions, UCSD School of Medicine 
9: 15 AM Welcome on Behalf of the UCSD School of Medicine Administration 

John Alksne, M.D., Vice Chancellor, Health Sciences & Dean, UCSO School of Medicine 
9:30 AM Introduction & Message from the Director of WR NAMME 

Prescilla Bradshaw, D.M.D. , Director, Student Recruitment and Development, UC San Francisco 
School of Dentistry . 

9:45AM · Keynote address: HealthProfessions Student Panel 
Moderator: Gail Currie, Ph.D. [Cand.), UC Davis School of Medicine 

10:45 AM RITES OF PASSAGE I: Learning & Life Skills for Academic Success 
Negotiating Standardized Tests, Study/Time Management Strategies & Interview Skills 
Louise Howard, B.A., Learning Skills Specialist. UCLA School of Medicine 
Beverly Guidry, Ed.D. [Cand.), Dean of Student Affairs, Western University of Health Sciences 

12:00 PM Lunch with NAMME Health Professions Repre_ntatives and Students 
Provided by UCSD-SOM/HCOP Student Outreach Services 

1 :00 PM RITES OF PASSAGE II: The Future is Now 
Virtual Reality Medicine and Technological Advances in Computerized Medicine 
Helene Hoffman, Ph.D., Assistant Dean, Office of Learning Resources 

1 :45 PM Health Professions & COllege Admission Recruitment Fair 
[Lobby, Basic Science Building, 1 st Floor) 

3: 15 PM RITES OF PASSAGE III: Ca..aaaed Learning/Simulated Patient Exercise 
An Interactive Experience for Aspiring Health Professions Students 

4:00 PM Financing your Health Professions Education 
Maria Hemandez, Health Professions Regional Academic Representative, American Express 

4: 15 PM The Final Word 
Charles Alexander, Ph.D., Assistant Dean, Student Academic Affairs, UCSF School of Dentistry 

4:30 PM Raffle (Gift for Mother) and Collect Evaluation. 

... 

Monday. May 3.1999 

FIREARMS: 
Carrying hand-guns 
deters criminals 
CoiiUiH.d ........... 
someone could still get angry at 
someone else, walk to a tree, break 
off a limb and club them to death. 
The problem we have is the crimi-
nals, not the tools they use to kill . 
Turning our schools into prisons 
will not help. 

It is clear that we need to rein-
state self-government through a 
moral education by helping stu-
dents develop as citizens and as 
whole people according to Judeo-
Christian principles. 

The solution offered . by 
President Clinton is punishment for 
parents whose children commit 
crimes with firearms. But by his 
executive order in December, 
parental limiting of "exploration" 
of, say, violent or cultic material, as 
well as a good spanking. punishes 
what could have averted these 
tragedies through the possible 
removal of children from the home. 

Gun ownership is not the cause 
of crimes that we have seen in 
Colorado and Jonesboro, Ark. In 
the· 19 years that states have been 
passing right-to-carry gun laws. the 
number of multiple-victim public 
shootings in those 31 states 
dropped by 84 percent. death from 
such shootings plummeted by 90 
percent, injuries by 82 percent 
(study by the University of 
Chicago School of Law. "More 
Guns. Less Crime," Prof. John 
Lou, 1998). 

The possibility of a law-abiding 
citizen carrying a concealed hand-
gun is apparently enough to con-
vince many would-be killen that 
they will not be successful. Perbaps 
the thought of a hot lead slug rip-
ping through their bodily organs 
makes them think about changing 
careers. 

Another criticism of private gun 
ownership is the incidence of acci-
dental shootings. The facts are that 
no more than 4 percent of gun-
related deaths at homes are caused 
by family-owned guns. The 
remaining 96 percent come from 
guns bought by criminals. 
Unfortunately, much of the public 
policy debate is driven by lopsided 
coverage of gun use (study by the 
University of Chicago School of 
Law, "More Guns. Less Crime," 
Prof. John Lou. 1998). 

While America may indeed be 
obsessed with guns, public misim-. 
press ions have real costs for peo-
ple's safety. Many myths needless-
ly frighten people and prevent them 
from defending themselves most 
effectively. I hope that everyone 
will take that extra, sometimes 
painful step and look at what is 
wrong with our culture ... not at 
what is wrong with our guns. 

Send conunents and utters to 
the editor to guardian@ucsd.edu 

J ., 

Monday. May 3. 1999 

HISTORY: 
Talk was sponsored 
by Academic Senate 
ContInued frOIII ..... 1 
rallies and effort by rival parties to 
ensure that their candidates would 
win. 

Schudson said that thi was the 
beginning of si ngle-ticket voting. 
With this system, voters did not 
need to be lilerate; rather, they im-
ply needed to identify the booth of 
their own party. 

Schud on added that there was 
still no secret ballot at this time. He 
said that becau e of the excitement 
of politics. the decades of the 18605 
through the 18805 witnessed the 
highest voter turnout in American 
history, nearly 70 percent. 

Schud on said that the role of 
the American citizcn in politics sig-
nificantly changed during the 
"Transformation Era," which he 
calls the third chapter in American 
ci tize'h politics. During this time, 
the ideal of the informed citizen 
emerged. The Australian Ballot, 
still in use today, was introduced in 

EQUALITY: 
UCSD has no Title 
IX cases pending 
ContInued from ..... 2 
subject: Some see the elimination 
of smaller men ' teams as unfair to 
both men and women because men 
are si mply more interested in 
sports Ihan women; on the other 
hand, others say that the athlelic 
program directors ineptly manage 
funds. 

the late 19th century. This secret 
ballot, which featured the name of 
all candidates from all parties. was 
distributed and printed by the tate. 
By 1892,30 states had adopted this 
process. 

Schudson said that this new sys-
tem hifted the gravity of elections 
to the voter himself who now 
regarded voting as a civic obliga-
tion and right. He said that voters 
were now allowed to choose 
among alternatives, which became 
a more cognitive - and less fun -
process. Schudson said that as a 
result, political participation 
declined; by 1920, there was less 
than a 50 percent voter turnout. 

Schudson said that the fourth 
chapter in American Civic History 
is the 'Era of the 'Rights 
Conscious' Citizen," which is 
defined by the emphasis on power 
and civil rights. 

"During this time, a new model 
for political action emerged - the 
courthouse," Schudson said. "Civil 
rights spilled over from one 
domain to another, including the 
right of women, the poor and 
minority groups. This was an 

Chamberlain said that Title IX 
states that alternative measures can 
be taken to display a university 's 
interest in gender athletic equity 
without strictly adhering to the pro-
portionality clause. The first such 
measure is to demonstrate an ongo-
ing history of progressive athletic 
opportunities that is responsive to 
the interests of the previously 
underrepresented sex. The school 
can also confirm that the abilities 
and interests of the underrepresent-
ed sex enrolled at the university are 

The UCSD Guardian 

unsung legislative revolution." 
Schudson said that until the 

19305, the courts were not on the 
map of citizenship. The Supreme 
Court case of U.S. vs. Caroline 
Products gave minoritie access to 
the democratic process through 
recognition by the Supreme Court. 

Schud 01] said that the idea of 
Civil Rights is a new one - it has 
existed si nce the 19305, and not 
since the founding of this country. 
On Iy during the last 35 years has 
this nation taken the concept of 
Civi l Rights seriously. 

"The Civil Rights movement of 
the 1960s has sprung 'dusty' rights 
- from documents to life," 
Schud on said. 'This is an era of 
rights and rights' con ciousness." 

Schud on concluded his lecture 
by say ing that much of the 
American political y tern is con-
fined to the third 'chapter' of the 
informed ci ti zen. 

"The democracy of the 18th 
century emerges in the school, 
sorority, PTA and chool counci l 
presidents," Schudson said. "These 
positions are filled by well-known 
ci tizens." 

being accommodated fully and 
efficaciously. 

Chamberlain said UCS D is 
largely free of athletic inequity 
problems because of our division-
al standing and that the discus-
sion was merely "an overview of 
the statute." She said that our 
campus does not currently have 
any Title IX-related ca e pend-
ing. 

"00 we have something worse 
than the other campuses? No. Are 
we perfect? No," she said. 

Issues: Law and Moral Conflict 

Bio-Medical Ethics 

of Criminals and Minorities 

Law, Communication & Freedom of 

American 

Introduction to L 

The "''''1r .. n~'' Court and the Constitution 

and the Law 

Crime and 

Land Use Planning 

NEWS 9 

·· BAD POLITICIANS ARE ELECTED BY GOOD 
PEOPLE WHO DON'T VOTE." 

WM . E SIMON 

UCSD GRADUATE STUDENT ASSOCIATION 
1999·2000 ELECTIONS 

FOR OFFICERS WILL BE HELD AT THE MAY 17TH 6PM 
MEETING IN THE NORTH CONFERENCE ROOM 

AT THE STUDENT CENTER 

OFFICER POSITIONS 
PRESIDENT' VP ANANCE 

VP INTERNAL 

VP EXTERNAL 
VP ACADEMIC AFFAIRS 

CAMPUS OFFICE D IRECTOR 

LET YOUR VOICE BE 
HEARDITELLYOUR 

REP TO VOTE! 
CALL THE GSA OFFICE FOR 

MORE INFO AT 534-6504 

SkY~1 /'11 ,0 to EkYO;~ 
foy t~ J..i.story .. _ 

w/...t;. /',..,... Si.)(~. 
For now, I'll snorkel 1200 miles of coral reef. Hfke a Tasmanian trail. 

Or, maybe I'll hang in a Melbourne pub with some cruisy Aussies. 
Then again, I could balloon over the Red Centre. Australia is the land 

of the free~ free to do whatever I choose. Aussie Escape Packages 
including air, coach pass and extras start as low as $995 *. 

1u for 

escapes from 
Russia into China. 



10 CALEN DAR 

fine arts 
MIIy3-""'y 26 

• 4:30 p.m. Visual Arts Facility Performance 
Space. New Wrllfng Serle" Spring 1999. 
Contemporary wrrters and poets 01 natrona I and 
Intematronal acclaim Will read lrom their works. 

Mond_y, ""'y3 
• 8 p.m. Mandevil le AuditOrium. Percusllon 
Recitaf: Steven SchICk plays new and old new 
musIC. $81$6. 

TUHt»y, ""'y4 
• 8 p.m. Mandeville Recnal Hall. Honora Pldno 
Recltat: Undergraduate Kian Freitas, student 01 
Aleck KariS. perfomns works of Mozart. Chopin, 
Schumann and Dutilleux. Free. 

Thu....uY, ""'y6 
• 7 p.m. Peterson Hall It O. T88tro Tfaquatzque 
pr_ta " La VlctflNl". This play, perfomned 
by one of San Diego's newest teatro groups, is 
lhe story of a Mexican immigrant lamily and their 
struggles as they search for a better life in the 
Unhed States. A comedic & dramatic pol~ical 
commentary on ISsues 01 deportation, iIIegat 
immigration. and recognHion of herhage. 
• 8 p.m. Mandeville Rechal Hall. Flute RlICltaf: 
Lisa Cella. DMA student , performs music of 
UCSD composers Chaya Czernowin, Brian 
Femeyhough and John Fonville. $51$3. 

FrlMy, ""'y 7 
• 8 p.m. MandeVille Audilorium. Th. Limon 
Danca Company, established in 1946 , is 
recognized as Amer5ica's oldest modem dance 
repertory company. The company is the living 
embodiment of the movement, technique and 
philosophy of theater developed by Jose Limon 
and his mentors Doris Humphrey and Charlesx 
Weidman, whose Innovative works have been 
hailed as cornerstones of American modern 
Dance. Tickets are $15 studentsl$17 facully, 
staH. seniorsi $20 general admission. Tickets 
available at the UCSD Box OHice, 534-8497 and 
TlCketmaster outlets at 220-8497. 

Frlt»y, Mlfy 7-5aturdlly, Mlfy' 
• 8 p.m. Enckson Hall. In_ Pathway. Featlvaf: 
Undergraduates, graduates and facuHy present 
talks, performarlCes and discussions celebrating 
the music and legacy of Robert Erickson. Free, 
donations accepted. 

Saturday. ""'y 8 
• 8 p.m. PC Ballroom. Haleu Hule Ka No '88U: 
HawaIIan Dance, an award winning dance 
academy and performing company from the big 
island of Hawah, IS dedicated to the preservation 
and performance of Hawaiian dance. Their roots 
are embedded in the ceremonies of the unikl. a 
hula graduation and rite of passage whose 
graceful styling and gentle mannerisms rellect 
the courtly dances 01 the Hawaiian Monarchy 
dUring the late 1800s. $1 2 studentsl$13 Sr. 
Crt,zensl $15 General Admission. 

Sunt»y, ""'y9 
• 8 p.m. Mandevitle Recrtal Hall. Undergr_e 
Performer. Forum : UCSD undergraduate 
musIC malOrs perfomn a mixed repertoire. Free. 

Monday, ""'y 10 
• 8 p.m. MandeVille Recital Hall. Parcus.ton 
Concert: Undergraduate students directed by 
Terry Longshore. $51$3. 

academic services 
Ongoing 

• Study Abroad In 1999120001ft The Programs 
Abroad Office offers ongoing adVising for 
students mterested in international opportunhles. 

Vis~ our oHice and library In the International 
Cenler or call 534-1 123. 
• Program for the Study 01 Relig ion 
Undergraduate Degr .. fnlormation: The 
Program for the study 01 Religion will hold open 
oHice hours for prospective students who wISh 
to tearn more about the recently rev ised 
InterdlSciptinary major, double malor and mrnor 
requrrements In the "Study of Religion". Stop by 
Program Office. HSS 5045, bel ween 9 a.m. and 
noon any Wednesday th is quarter at your 
convenience. For more Info call the Study of 
Religion's Office at 534-8849 or visH the websne 
al hHp:l/orpheus.ucsd.edulhistory/religion.html. 

- health & fitness 
WednHt»y, ""'y 5 

'1 2-1:30 p.m. Women's Center. " Women end 
Attention D.flclt DI.order (A .D.D.)". Dr. 
Kathleen Nadeau, a clrnical pSychOlogISt, Will 
address par1lcular concerns of women with 
A.D.D. 

Ongoing 
• STUDENT HEALTH is here for VOUI We're a 
lull servrce clinic open to ALL registered students. 
You don't need heahh insurance to use our 
services! Appointments lor phYSICian visrts and 
specrany clintcs- caH 534-8089. Walk-in to Urgent 
Care weekdays 8am-4:3Opm (Wed 9-4:3Qpm). 
• Men'. Health Inlo s..ston. available Irom 
Student Heanh Advocates. Learn about your 
sexual heahh, STD's, birth control , and general 
heahh. Walk In session at Student Heahh on 
Fridays at 11 a.m. - or caM 822-1345 for individual 
appointments. 
• Emergency Contraception , annual exams, 
STD tests, pregnancy lests . birth control 
preSCriptions , & health education - all at 
Women's ClinIC, Student Heahh. Call 534-8089 
for appt. Completety conlfdentlef - alwaysl 
• Annonymou. HfV lUting at Student HeaHhl 
Walk rn to sign up at the Heanh Annex. I,rst IIoor. 
$10 charge irICludes pre- and post- counseling. 
QueStions? Call a heanh educator at 534-2419. 
• Need CONDOMS???? Get 'em chaap at the 
Student Heanh Phamnacy. 
• Cho_terot T .. ta at Student Heahh - sign up 
at the fIrst floor bulletin board lor your 
appointment. A self-test that takes only a few -
minutes 01 your "","I $5 fee. 
• FREE Nut.,tfor Coun ... Ung at Student 
Health l Your appointme \I includes a 

~erized, personal assessment. Malee your 
appointment todayt Call 534~089. 
• Student Health is here for YOUI We're a tuft 
aerviee clinic open to ALL regiatered studenls. 
You don't need heaHh insurance to UN our 

servlcesl Appointments lor phYSICian VISits and 
specialty clinics - call 534-8089_ Walk in to 
Urgent Care weekdays 8am-4:30pm. (Wed. 9-
4:30pm) 
• tndivld ... , Fltnea. A ........... t - at RIMAC 
every Mon & Wed , 5-8pm. Walk in to the 
Wellness Room, 2nd lloor. A FREE student 
servICe provided by Student Heahh Advocatesl 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, May 3, 1999 

the guardian welcomes photos and illustrations that we can 
feature on the weekly calendar page. submissions must be in 
the guardian office (upstairs in the student center. mail code 
0316) by 3 pm on thursday for consideration. 

Call 534-2419 lor more inlol L ___________________________________________ _ 
• Don' Go In the OeMnt At least no! until you've 
had your Hepatijis A shotsl ll you surf or swim ,n 
the ocean, consider immunizatkms to protect 
your heahh. Two shots - 6 months apart - $60 
each. Watk in to Student Heahh M·F 8-11 am; 
Wed. 9-11 am. 
• HEADACHEStll Who needs 'em? Visit the 
HMdKhe CUnic at Student Heakh and get help! 
No charge to registered stuctents. Call 534-8089 
lor your appointment. 
• Student Health Advocate provide P •• r 
Educetlon Progr8m. on Nutmion, HIV, F~ness, 
Stress & other topics- at your res hall or student 
org meetings! Call 534-2419 lor inlo on these 
FREE programsl 
• Low Coat Ptwmecy- Over-the-oounter ~ems 
(cotd medicines, antacids, bandaids, ~amins, 
skin care products. sunscreen, contraceptive 
products , contact lens products, etc.) all at 
discount prices! Located in the first lloor 01 
Student Heanh. Open M-F 8am-4:3Opm, Wed. 
9am-4 :3Opm. 
• CPR IIIId Firat Aid C ...... at Student Heahh! 
Classes held at Student Health - taught by 
Amerrcan Red Cross-certified Inslructors. Take 
Community CPR, Standard First Aid (with 
RelererlCe Book) - all for $25.001 Sign up soon -
classes fill up qulckl91 Come to 2nd lIoor 01 
Student Health Center, or e-ma il 
pgrilioOucsd.edu to sign up. 
• Get Publf.hadf Health Beat is a student 
pubtication focusing on heath issues. II you have 
talent In wrning, graphic design, or layout , WE 
NEED YOU ! E-mail the editor at 
heanhbeat 0 ucsd.edu 
• A-c-N-E IS a four letter word! Cure H at Student 
Heakh. CaU 534-8089 and make an appointment 
at the Demn Clinic! 

clubs & meetings 
Thurat»y, ""'y 6 

• 6:45 p .m. Darkstar Office (room 212 , old 
Student Center). Darkstar's Science Fiction 
Dinner will be at Bolsa VtetnameS8 , In Mira 
Mesa. Meet at the Darkstar office for rides & a 
brief meeting. Inlo: 586-9452 . 

Saturday, ""'y , 
" 1 p.m.-??? Old Studenl Center Classrooms. 
DertmM'. -'dy gaming _Ing. We'H have 
tons of games & tons of fun! Info: 586·9452. 

Ongoing 
• Circle K Meeting 7 p.m. at Gallery A in the Price 
Center every Monday. Come if you want to hetp 
out your communhy. Contact J utie lor more inlo. 
at 919-2745. 
• Looking lor Intellectual stimulation? Discuss 
and debate hOI tOPICS such as nuclear 
prohferation. cloning, the environment, and the 
ethical use 01 science and technology With 
Student Pupalll USAf Come every other 
Wednesday starting 4114 upstairs in Old Student 
Center Room 112 at 6 p.m. A.ldeas are welcome! 
• Int.rvar.tty Chrflllen F.llo_hlp. Come 
develop you relationship with God and meet mol 
people. No experience necessary. Thursdays at 
7:30 p.m. RevellelMuir at HSS 2250. MarshatV 
Warren/ERC at Solis 104. 
• UCSD'. Baflroom Denee Club holds FREE 
Friday Fun Sessions every Friday Irom 2-4 p.m. 
In the North Balcony of the Main Gym. Come 
LEARN and PRACTICE dances like: Hustle, 
Cha-Cha, Swing, Tango, WaHz and morel Also 
keep any eye out for the cfub's quarterly FREE 
dances. 

lecture 
T.-day, ""'y 4 

• 3 p.m. 4500 Hubbs Hall, Scripps InstHute 01 
Oceanography. " English Pfracy: from Sfr 
Franef. Ora ... to B .. " RingroM" presented 
by Norman J.W. Thrower. 

Wad.-day, ""'y 5 
• 3:30-6 p .m. Women's Center. " Langu.ga, 
GIIIIder, and the Body tn the Ch ..... Medfeal 
Tradition." There will be a reception lotlowed 
by a talk by professor Charlotte Furth, author of 
' Flourishing Yen: Gender in China's Medical 
Trad~ion" 

Thuraday, ""'y 6 
• Noon. Cross CuHural Center. " Aefmegfning 
North IIIId South: DiatrIbuted Memory, Group 
Structur. and the Economy 01 Symbofa 
Among U_S. l.atfne/o Youth Ganga" presented 
by Norma Mendoza-Denton , Dept. of 
Anthropology, UniversHy of Arizona . 
• 7 p.m. PC Bellroom. "G_ IIIId JUlliee" 
.featuring Prof. Allen Buchanan, Unive,.Hy of 
Arizona . followed by panel discussion: Prof. 
Gerald Deppeh . Prof. Peter Irons, Gordon Gill, 
M.D .. Dean Sm~h , Caldomia Western School of 
Law. Reception will follow. Infomnatlon: 534-
1704. 

religious services 
Ongoing 

• Ha .. e ".. _f with HIf ... and UJO every 
Friday evening at 6 p.m .. Your choice of 3 
Shabbat services: Reform, Conservative, or 
Orthodox. Call 534-2521 lor more information. 
• U",--!Iy L.utherWo Church invites you to our 
weekly worship service on Sunday at 10:15a.m. 
and free student supper and bible study every 
Wed. at 6 p.m. 9595 La Jotla Shores Dr. Oust 011 
campus) 453-0581 . 

services & workshops 
1IondIy, ..... 3 

• 2:30 p.m. Cane. Servicn Center. MIdIc:eI 
~: WIWt AppIIcMta 10 2OCIO AdtIIIaaIon 
N .. d to Know- L.arn .bout application 
procedure. and str.t.gie" Ihe .cr .. ning 

process; letters of relerence and morel A O&A 
sess,," w~h an admission rep from the UCSD 
School 01 Medicine fotlow. 534-4939. 

TlMeMy,""'y4 
• 12:30-2:30 p .m. Career Services Center. 
Applying to Dentet Schoof? Meet a schoot 
recru~er from lhe University of the Pacific Schoot 
of Dentistry. 534-4939. 

~y,"'y5 
• 2:30 p.m. Career Services Center. Landing 
Faculty PMftIona 81 T-=t\Ing fnatItutIcIM. A 
panel of academinc Ph.D. professian.ls will 
share insights from their own experience and 
discuss strategies for obtaining teaching 
posHions. 534-3750. 

~,"'y' 
• 1 :30-2:30 p .m. Career Services Center. 
Applying to Dental School? Meet a school 
recru~er Irom the University of Pennsylvania 
School 01 Dentistry. 534-4939. 

FrIday, "'y 7 
• 2:30 p.m. Career Services Center. AppfIcatIon 
Eneya lor HNIth ProlMaionllf Sc:IIoof.-Get 
a jump start on wr~ing your application essay 
for medical , dental , pharmacy, optometry, 
veternary and other heaMh professional schools. 
Leam how to wr~e a successful essayl 534-
4939. 

Through ""'y2' 
• On-Campus fntervf.w. at the Car •• r 
ServfcH Center. Hundreds 01 major employers 
will conduct interviews for career positions. 
Trmes and dates vary. All inlerviews held at the 
Career Services Center, 2nd floor. To see which 
employers are scheduled and to sign up, go to 
www-csc.ucsd.edu/cscljstoncam.htm. Don't 
miss sign up deadlines. Open to seniors and 
graduate students graduating by June 1999. 
534-4472. 

Ongoing 
• VI.II the UCSD Career Service. Centwr 
online at www-csc.ucsd.edu to find out about 
jobs, ntemshlps, grad school info, careeroplions 
and many other valuable resources. 
• NEED A JOB? Access thousands of job 
listings posted on the Caroer Services 
Center 's home page at www-
c.c .uc.d_edu. Summer jobs , part-time 
jobs, career posnions and intemships. For 
more infomnationon paid internships, drop 
in to see our Intemship Advisor Monday 
through Friday 1 p.m. -4 p.m. 2nd floor. 534-
4472. 
• Applying to Pro .... 1oM1 or GracIuMe 
Schoof? Find out what you need to know 
about application procedures, telll , 
financial aid, and letters of nefer8r1C8 at the 
Career Services Center's Professional and 
Fraduate School Opportunities Office. 
Individual advising i. aV3itabie by 
appointment . Please vis it us Monday 
through Friday 8 a.m. to 4:30 p .m. or call 
534-4939. 
• Nead Help EJlpforfng C.,., Optiona 
or Pfannfng eer- Goals? Drop in to see 
a career advisor Monday through Friday 
1 :30-4 p.m. at the Career Services Center. 
Moming appointments are also available. 
Be sure to pick up our Spring Calendar of 
Events from our front desk or visH us online 
at www-cac:.UICad.adu. 534-3750. 
• Do you think alcohot or substance abuse 
is directly or indirectly affecting your life? 
Alcohof • Sub.t.nc. Abu •• PMr 
C ............ . Psychotogical & Counselrng 
Services . Emily (6t9) 534-5981. 
Confidential, friendfy, free. 
• HevIng ~ _ your fendfonI or 
_? Want to find out what you can 
do to resolve your s~uation? Come to the 
LandlordlTenant Clinic, Sponsored by 
Student Legal Services. For more info call 
534-4374. 

Ongoing lIondaya 
• Grlel Group. 1 :30-3p.m., 242SSB. For 
students who have experienced the death 
of someone significant. Members find 
support while moving through 
bereavement. Led by NarK:y Wahlig, 534-
5793. Call Nancy to sign up. 
• Long Df.tanc. Lov., 3 :30-5 p.m., 
Women's Studies Conference Room, Muir 
College. HSS2025. Achieving academic 
success is difficutt enough, but I~e is even 
more challenging when trying to build and 
maintain a love retationship wHh a partner 
or spouse who lives lar awayl This group 
provides a lorum for men and women to 
discuss their expe riences and coping 
strategies. Led by Mary Woitke, 534-5905. C8H 
Mary for more information or to join the group. 

OngoIng T..-dIIya 
• Men Ind W_ Mofeated .. Children: 
9:30-11 :00 a .m. This group offe,. men and 
-. who have experienqed c:hitdhood and 
adolescent sexual abuse the opportunHy to 
obtain support from othe,. who have had similar 
experiences, to acquire coping rnechanioms and 
skilis, and to explore the trauma (when usefuf) . 
Membe,. witt have the chanlCe to acquire tools 
lor dealing wHh intense emotions and increase 
their (already formidabte) resilience. The groups 
prOVide an environment which allows for 
exploration 01 any factors which may have made 
s.eking hefp more difficult . Apr.-group 
appOintment with the group f.ad.r t. 
requINd. Led by Mirlan foaupovici, 534-0255 
and Mery Woitke, 534-5905. Ca. Miriam or Mary 
to join the group. 
• ElIPforlng V_ ear- Path Through A 
CullIn! LMw: 4:00 10 5:30p.m . The IoIowing 
topiea will be ~: How do I figufe out 
which majorlca.-r it riQtrt lor me? How do my 
eUIunIj ...... influence my _choice? How 

do I cope wnh my parents who disapprove of 
my major/career choice? Led by Christie 
Fukunaga, 534-5989. Call Christie for location 
and to sign up for the group. 

Ongo/rtfj w...t»ya 
-latino/Chicano Support Group. 2:30-4 :30 
p.m. ~H Dome Lounge, Muir Cotlege. Famity, 
parents, economics, friends. relationships , 
cukure and 8IC8demIcs - all these themes are 
explore toward the goal of graduation Irom 
UCSD. Led by Reina Juarez, 534-3875, and Dan 
Munoz, 534-025hCall for more infomnetion. 
• Graduete Women'. Group, 3:30-5:30 p .m . 
Women's Center, 412 Unive<sity Center. This is 
a year-tong therapy group. Typical themes 
(generated by the members) include academicI 
priofessionaf ident~, deafing wiJh mol" rofes, 
maintaining romsntic refation.hips, and 
providing care for seW. Led by Equila Luke, 534-
0248 and Chrletle Fukunaga, 534-5989. Can 
Equifa or Christie for a pre-group appointment. 
• Str... ..enagem.nt Sklffl, 4-5 p .m . 
Thurgood Marshall College Dean's Conlerence 
Room. A six session, personafized workshop that 
wilt teach you specifIC skiffs to cope wHh slress, 
including relaxation training, l ime management, 
and assertiveness skills. Led by Jerry Phelps, 
822-2614 . Call Jerry lor infonmation or to sign 
up. 
• Graduate Men' •• nd W_'. Group, 4:30-
6 p.m. 242 SSB. This group is for graduate 
students who are Interested in e.ploring 
retationships, academiclprol-'onal issues and 
personat concerns, inctuding transforming 
frustration, lear, disappointment and Ionefiness 
to reSilience, competence and satisfactton . 
Groups continue throughout the acedemic year 
and new ~ may join when openings 
occur, and accomodations can be made lor 
academic requirements. (A second groups at a 
different time is also lomning. Call 534-3755 for 
information.) Led by Miriam losupovici. 534-0255 
and Rob Mashman, 534-0252. Call Rob or 

artwork by mike martinez 
Miriam for a pre-group appointment before 
coming to the group. W there are enoucjlltudents 
Interested a second group wiff form. 

0npIIng TrJurwdIya 
• ~ WorIIIhop_ I-2:30p.m. 242 ssa. 
Are you unhappy ~ your 8ICCOI1lPIishments? 
Do you long for the validation and approval of 
thers? Are you unable to articulate your wants 
and needs? Leam to generate and maintain a 
more stabfe and harmonious s.nse of self-
esteem in your daily life. This workshop Incfudes 
some homework and lots of practice. Led by 
Equitta Luke, 534-0248 and Nickle Golden, 534-
3456. Calf Equilta or Nickle 10 join the group. 
• Whet'. Low Got To Do WIth "1 4:30-5:30 
p.m. 3248 L~arature Building. Whl' is H 10 hard 
for me 10 get Into a relalionship? Am I getting 
too involved 100 quickly? Why is H SO hard to 
trust him/"'er? Am I repeating the s.me 
destructive patterna in a retatlonehip again? Do 
any 01_ questlona eound femifiar? n-
and many otherlopics are dIaa.ad in Ihfa coed 
group for gr8Ids and undergredI. Led by LInda 
Young, 534-3187. SIudente ahoI*I call LInda 

before coming to the group. 
• 7:30-9 p .m. Women's Cemer's Library. The 
L .. blanlBI •• xu.1 Wom.n's Supportl 
DIacua.1on Group MMting. 

Ongoing FridaY' 
• What'. Lo .. Got To 00 Willi U 12:00-1 :30 
p.m., 3248 LMerature Building. Am f getting too 
involved 100 quickly? Why is ~ so herd to trust 
himlher? Am I repeating the .. me destructive 
pattems? Do any of these questions sound 
lamlliar? These and many other topics are 
discus.ed in this coed group for grads and 
undergrads. Led by linda Young, 534-3987. 
Fridays 12-1:30 p.m . Students should call Linda 
before coming to the- group. 
• Aefe-"'-Ican Community Forum, 12-1":30 
p.m . Cross Cultural Center, 510UCtr. This 
informal drop-in group is designed to address 
the concerns of Asian/Pacific Islander students 
at UCSD in a supportive and problem solving 
atmosphere. Issues such as career and 
academic success, fam~y pressures, cultural 

ident~y and relationships are possibie topics. 
Feel free to bring your furlchl Led by Christie 
Fukunaga, 534-5989, and John Wu, 534-1579. 
• Alcohol and Sub.lIIne. Abu .. Support 
Group. 2-4p .m. Half Dome Lounge, Muir 
College. If you ever have ever asked yourself, 
"Do I have a problem with ..... . . ?", then 
perhaps Y"u are ready 10 explore the response. 
Led by Dan Munoz. 534-0251 and Mary Wortke, 
534-5905, and Jerry Phelps, 822-2614. 
• Campua Bfec:k Forum, 4:30-6 p .m. Cross 
Culural Cer,ter, 510 Unill8fSity Centcr. Calr4>us 
Black Forum is an infomnal ~nd supportive 
gathering where we invite open discussion and 
exchange ideaa, questions, and concems on any 
topic relevent to the fives lind experienceS of 
people of African de!!c6nt . h is a pface to comect 
wHh other students tgrad and undergred), staff 
and lacuhy. Led I.y Lb da Young. 534-3987. 

events & recreation 
Tuearlay, Mlfy 4 

• 7p.m . Rnd 10 p.m. PC Theater. PrIce Center 
Movie: Simon Birch. $2 admission. 
• 7 p .m . Mandeville Auditorium. San Diego 
tn_lonaf Film F .. t .... f: " An .... 01 the 
Dumps" (MIIeecIonIe). 
• 9:15 p.m. Mandeville Audijorium. San Diego 
fnternatlonaf Film F .. tl".f: "Going to Schoof 
with Dad on My Back" (China PRC). 

WedMacMy, "'y 5 
• 4-6 p.m. Women's Center. A.-antry and 
__ atudenIs ... -togethar. 

• 7 p .m. MandeVille Aud~orium . San DIego 
fnt.rn.tlonaf Flfm FHtfvaf: " Thfs f. My 
FatMr" (lNIancIIUSA) -
• 7:30 p .m . Solis 104. CWD fitm series presents 
a screenrng of "The Ind .... Family" and "The 
Poor ~". These recent, short videos oller 
a new perspective on the struggle of the people 
of Chillpas. Always freel 
• 9:30 p .m. Wtty Not Here? Coflee House. 'When 
the Script HHs the Fan: Come and see UCSD's 
bombastic flr4>rov Show LIVE. 

TllcJnday, ... ,. • 
• 7 p.m . and 10 p.m. PC Theater. PrIce Center 
Movie: Urban LegencI_ $2 admission. 

Sunday, ... ,., 
• 8-9 p.m. Espresso Roma. Ro .... Nfghta: 
''TrItonea". acapetla group with 5 strong voices. 
Ongol"ll 
• Want to laugh your butt oil? Come ... "wt.I 
the Script Hila the Fen," Improv, live every 
_ Wednesday at WNI-!? Coffee next to Pleza 
Cafe. Can Ml<e at 297-8324 for delallz. 
• UCSD Baha 'I Club WHkly .... Ung • • 
Mondays at 7 p.m. Everyone wefcome. Please 
_W bahai0 uced.edu 0/558-8220 ferr Iocat"'" 
or more info. 
• Karaok. Nfghta. Every Wednesday through 
May 19th. 7-9 p.m. There will be prizes lor the 
best perlonmers in varying categories. They are 
at Round Table Pizza in Price Center. For 
information caN 822-2068. 
• UCSD BaNI'1 Club Unity Getllarlngsf Every 
Thursday at 7:30 p.m. Informal dilcuuion end 
films about the tenets of the Baha'i Faith. 
Everyone welcome . Free relreshments . 
Location: 8799 Gilman Dr . .c; cal 558-8220 or 
e:ma~ bahaiOuced.edu for more info_ 
• The BIG SHOW. Sundays at 10 p.m. Ch. 18 
SRTV Right afterthe X-Fiies. 

cultural eve", 
Monday, "'y 3- Friday, ""'y 7 

UCSD IIEChA "-fa RaIa A_ 
WwIr 

1foIJcMy, Illy 3 
• 5 p.m . Cross Cufturaf Center. MEeM o.n..f 
Body MHtIng. 

TiMedlJy, Illy 4 
• 7 p .m . Porter's Pub. Tafent SIIow_ 

~,1IIy5 
• Alt Daylli PricG Center. Cfnc. cia Meyo 
Cefebratlon_ 

1'IIumMy, Illy' 
• 8 a.m . PC Plaza. MMt lor Shadow Day with 
PetrIck Henry High Schoof. 
• 7 p.m . Pet8fSOn Hall 110. ~ TlaquatIque 

~ "Le YIcIIme". Thia play, performed 
by one of Sen Diego'. ~ teatro groupe, is 
the story of a Mexican immfgrn t.mify end their 
Itruggfes as they search for a better file in the 
United Stat ... A comedic & dr_ic pofiIicef 
commentary on iaa .... 01 deportlllion, I"f 
immigration, end recognition 01 herbge. 

""*Y, ..... 7 
• 11 •. m _-2 p .m . PC Plaza . Low Alder 
IJtIJIIIIIIon • IIIIQ_ 
• 8:30 p _m .- Midnight. ~ TBA. o.n.. Co-
apcJfI8Cnd by LOST"-

Monday, May 3, 1999 The UCSD Guardian FEATURES II 

THE EDITOR'S SOAPBOX 
The trials and tribulations of having an English accent 

TABITHA GRANSHAW 
COpy Editor 

The thing to remember about 
the English is that they are really 
neat. as one of my apartment mates 
recently informed me. And while I 
have no quarrel with someone 
thinking I'm "neat," it does add 
interesting dimensions to my life at 
times. Or, more precisely, having 
an English accent adds interesting 
dimensions to my life_ For one. 
people generally remember me as 
the person with the English accent 
and funny name. 

The way to tell_ who the villain 
is in an American movie is by lis-
tening for the English accent. But 
it's OK because the brave and 
resourceful American protagonist 
always triumphs over the evil and 
conniving Englishman. It's always 
nice when the order of the universe 
is reaffirmed. 

Fortunately, I'm not generally 
regarded as an evi l and conniving 
villain. More often, I'm told that 
my accent is either very proper or 
very sexy_ ' think that 's .an interest-

ing renection on the sex life of the 
average American. 

Usually people assume I'm very 
proper. The other day I was talking 
to one of my apartmentmates while 
she was making her bed in prepara-
tion of her boyfriend's arrival. I 
noted out loud that she was doing so, 
and my apartmentmate said, "Well , 
don 't you make your bed when your 
boyfriend is coming over?" 

, thought about it for a moment 
and then said. "Well , there 's not 
much point is there?" I then 
received a lecture as to why' need-
ed to live up to the stereotype of 
being "proper" and how disturbing 
it was when' didn 't confonn to that 
idea. It always amazes me that the 
idea that the English are proper has 
withstood Mick Jagger. 

The big disadvantage about 
having an English accent is that it 
can be very hard to communicate. I 
occasionally have to resort to 
pelling words_ It could be worse, 

though: I was once asked if I could 
speak the language "over there_" I 
thought the name "England" was a 
pretty big hint about the language. 
too. 

The really handy thing about an 
Engli h accent is that it always 
gives people something to small 
talk with me about. People start off 
by asking if I'm English and then 
ask how long I've been in the Unit-
ed States. In fact, I've been asked 

The really handy 
thing about an Eng-
lish accent Is that It 
always gives people 
something to small 
talk wRh me about. 
People start off by 
asking If I'm English 
and then uk how 
long I'Ye been In the 
UnReel States. In 
fact, I'ye been 
askeel so many 
tim .. how long I've 
Ilyed In the states, I 
tend to Just tell pe0-
ple I've lived In Call· 
fornla for the past 
18 y ..... when they 
mention my accent. 
so many times how long I've lived 
in the states, 'tend to just tell peo-
ple I've lived in California for the 
past 18 years when they mention 
my accent. 

People also usually ask why I 
haven' t lost my accent. Then who-
ever It IS I'm talking to quickly 
adds that it 's really good that I 

haven' t and how much they like it. 
In all honesty, I don ' t know why I 
never 10 t my accent. Mostly I did-
n' t want to; even when I was 
young, I felt that if people didn't 
like my accent then they needed to 
sort it out for themselves and their 
alti tude wasn't my problem to fix . 

Some people have felt quite 
strongly that I should lose my 
accent, however. , knew one person 
who explained to me why it was 
unpatriotic to keep it. I've even 
been told I should go back to where 
I came from .. .. Mind you, it wasn' t 
entirely unprovoked. A classmate 
was trying to pick on me by imitat-
ing my accent, so I asked him if he 
was trying to sound more intelligent 
than usual. My question resulted in 
the aforementioned comment. 

Some people are very cautious 
not to hurt my feelings . Two quar-
ters ago I was in a literature class in 
which the professor made some 
lighting, generalized remark about 

the British film indu try_ That day' 
went to his office hours to talk 
about an es ay and he, predictably 
enough. realized I was English. He 
said something about how he 
hoped he hadn't offended me. The 
next class session he made some 
equally slighting remark about the 
American film industry (presum-
ably to keep all things even). 

Most people who Imitate my 
accent are just joking around and 

are inoffensive. It i highly unorig-
inal , however. You know, the first 
SO or 60 times it was kinda cute. 
After that it got a little old. Last 
year I was in the Guardian office 
and someone repeated something 
back to me in a fake English 
accent. , replied. "Are you making 
fun of my accent, you ethnocentric 
little gi t?" She's still sometimes 
referred to as the "ethnocentric lit-
tle git." -

So here's how it stands: I can 
imagine circumstances where having 
an English accent could be a problem 
because of all the attendant assump-
tion and stereotypes. Almost 
always, however, having an English 
accent is not a problem_ As one of my 
teachers once put it, having an Eng-
lish accent means that whatever' say 
sounds more intelligent than if I said 
it with an American accent. 

SOLUTIONS 

-

lnterestlfld. in IJeIn& a Fgatures ed-Uor next year? Submit a resume.AS4P to the Features offlce! 

Do You Love Sports? 
Are You Interested in Technology? 
If your answer is yes, then we may 
have the right internship for you! 

PRAJA inc. has open positions for Production Assistants this summer 
and fall. Qualifications for this position include; in depth knowledge of 
football and PC Windows operating systems I knowledge of databases, and 
computer science principles is a plus. General duties and responsibilities 
of this po ition are testing viewers and production software and editing 
live or taped college football telecasts and statistical information into 
highlight clips for streaming over the Web. Production As istants will be 
required to work weekend (especially during football season) and 
weekdays according to student' schedule. Pay rate is $10 per hour. 
Plt\JA inc. is an innovator in interadive sports and entertainment software 
for the Internet. Our technology is breaking new ground in reality modeling 
by creating personalized multimedia experiences. The purpose of the 
company's technQlogy is to heighten the realism of Internet applications I 
while offering individuals the freedom to explore the world electronically 
on their own terms. To apply please attend our 

Information Session 
Berkeley Room, Price Center 

May 6th at 4:00p.m. 
A demo will be given, and appointments for interviews will be made_ 
Refreshments will also be served. If you are uoable to attend this info 
session, please submit resume to: 

10455-8 Pacific Center Court 
San Diego, CA 92121 

Attn: Human Resources 
E-maU: jobs.praJa.com 

SERmI '01117 

overseas 
Automotive Repair 
••••• d 
Oil Change & $1295, Minor 
Safety Check. • Tune-Up ."" 

, 35-p~. Major leg, SEE 
• Service .It T U • 18.011 

II,S' ,\11 ' I,), IA · 111JI'A • rlA!IJA • IIYUIIIJAI • HOIJllA • 1,1I1SlIRISili • 'SIJIU • • OI KSWAGI N 

r-M~ -Tu- - -u FREE !!'!}.I!. r!ua 
I Inor ne p ------~ Special Brake J'ob .• 
lour tune up IncliH», 8 lot more Reg. 155 Special Aeg. S80 • 
I than othe,,_ It Include,; I 1. NEW Spark plugs 7. Ch9ck brakes II Front or rear, Brake job Includes: 
12 Check D'SI:lbutor poinls 8. Check clutch I t. Inslal front pads Of rear shoes _. 3. Check DislribUior 9. Check lighlS II 2 Drain old brake fluid 
I condensor 10. Check undercaniage I 3. Inspect hydraulIC system • • 4. Adjust liming for damage II 4 Ref~ hydraulic flUid ~. • 
I 5. Check and replenish 11 . Check cooling system • 5. Bleed brake system .' • aU fluid m oillevefs & hoses 6. Adjusl front (If shoes) and raal shoes 
H· Adjust dwell angle 12. Road lest • 7. Road,teliiit ...... _ ---------,...~ -35-polnt Major Service 
I Special I Em. IrK fwllnjacted c.ra_ aur major aarvlcelnc/udaa: Rag. 1150 • 0 •. 1. 

I.NewlplltpIJgs 12. Adjust dwelt wrgIe 24.1lbe frontend 'V 
12. NewAIIlter 13. Adjust carblretor 25.Ctleckforloosenu1s&boIts . • 3. Newoilfittt< 14. Adju.tli~".luetrat"nixture 26. Ctrecklq1t$ ..... Clange. 
14.0IIngt engine oil 15. Ctleck steering 27. Ctreck undertarnage lor darroge • S. New fuel fiter 16. Checl< dutdI 28. Ctreck ancilecilarge blnery ~_ 
I 6. Checl< ciotrWor pornts 17. AdjuIt clutch 29. R .... e IrlOS fi _ . • 7. Checl< diI1rtIo1or condensor 18.Checl< brokes ll. Ctleck Ire preswr. 2O-pol nt 8. ~test t9~brokes 3t.looedoorlwlges 
19. VM ...... . ...... ' 2O. Adjultemergencybrake 32. Ched< lI haklelS I Safety Check • to. New. eM! oaWt 21. Checl< & repIerNsh all IIurd ~,e~ 33. Cheek cooIrIg system & hoses 
• 

I-~I 22. Check anci q,sI exposodbels 34. C,*kexhau~ $ystem • Spec·.al • 
11. Adjust timing 23. Checl< electJg/ fuses 35. Road test t:''' ExtnI lor kyftndlr, kyt_, _ ..... lnum pi..... ..J ~ 
cO:I:ClutchJ: nmr;.~i;; Beit 8;e';al ' ... I 1. New pressure ptate 4 . NeWPilot~ ___ - - - - -_ 
2. New Clutch Disk 5. Change transmission <>ill Extended Warranty 

13. New Thfowout bearing 6.Road test 

L==--=-":~·=:f:' .J15, 30, 45, 60, 75, & 90Kservice 
-Molt ca .... With thl. 'd. Expires 5/17/99. ........ Aute tlOO8-B Millll1lr RO. 1. 
BtMd _ ... AaflIIIout our ..-1eIa on engIlIH, * 
AI our __ 1181 • J..yMr or 2O,ooo.mNe ffmllecl werrlflty_ 
AI prto. IncIudI peItIltId 1IIIor, oyerseas~ ~Dl __ -----, 
Automotive Repair 8008·8 Miramar Road. 
••• +. d 695·1990 

1101'''' """". ".,. 11M. "",..". CM' f"~"~r==:u~ 



12 FEATURES 

MARY HIGGINS 
enior Staff Writer 

I have this theory about dating 
and growing old - it seems to me 
that when people enter their senior 
year of college they start to 'panic 
about their love lives. This fear 
manifest it elf in one of two ways: 
( I) they set out to break the world 's 
record for geuing the most dates in 
one year, or (2) they come to the 
conclusion that they must immedi -
ately find "The One" and seule 
down or else they will grow old 
and die a lonely and miserable 
death. 

Ironically, many seniors come to 
these contradictory conclusions for 
the same reason; they have been told 
by their friends in the "real world" 
that there is no social Ii fe after grad-
uation! Now, I'm not even going to 
pretend there are tons of willing, 
non-psychotic single people out 
there in the post-grad, swingin ' San 
Diego night life - I' ve heard 
enough of my friend ' bitching to 
know beuer. Take my friend Chad, 
for example. He is currently 
employed by a major newspaper 
and his pool of co-workers consists 
entirely of women in the over-40 
age bracket. Since he graduated 
from UCSD in 1997, his dating life 
has been nothing to brag about. 

o wonder the pressure i on to 
"get it while the getting is good!" 
After I graduate, all my friends will 
get married off one by one and I' ll 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, May 3, 1999 

PSYCHO THERAPY 
How to get it while the getting is good' according to Psycho Mary 
still be hanging around the 
Guardiall office, hitting on all 
those cute new freshman boys. I 
used to ask guys, "What's you r 
major?" After June I'll be asking, 
"Hey, are you 18 yet'!" 

OK, enough ahout my personal 
problems. I have a point here some-
where ... Although the urge to panic 
is under tandable, it's important to 
keep things in perspecti ve (and not 
elope to Vega after three dates 
because you' re afraid that you may 
never meet someone el e). Mar-
riage is challenging enough as it is, 
wi thout bringing a lot of despera-
tion into it. You should also make 
ure that the person you are marry-

ing is "The One" rather than "The 
Person You Just Happened To Be 
Dating When You Decided You 
Wanted To Get Married." 

This much is obvious. I hope, 
but now comes the hard part . How 
do you know if he/she is "The 
One?" I consulted everal disgust-
ingly happy couples for advice, and 
after getting the fairl y annoying 
and useless "You ju t know!" line 
several times, I managed to obtain 
some satisfying explanations. From 
what I've learned, the most com-
mon mi stake people make in rela-
tionships is comparing their signif-
icant other's characteristics to a 
pre- et List of Demands ("He must 
be over 6 feet tall, have blue eyes 
and speak fluent Swahili!") 

Finding someone to fit that 
mold may be impo sible. Even' 
more disappointing, you might find 
someone who is "perfect" but 
U!ere' no chemistry lthis is the one 
time in life when chemistry isn 't a 
pointless waste ~f time). My 
experts tell me that the other per-
son's specific qualities are not as 
important as the contributions they 

make to your relationship. If you 
are wondering whether or not you 
are dating ''The One" then consider 
the following: 

( I) Does your significant other 
make you feel fearless? You might 
normally he the world's biggest 
wimp, but around your significant 
other you try new th ings like 
karaoke or ky-d i vi ng just to 
impress him or her? Even more 
im portant ly, you find yourself 
blurting out your feeli ng even 
though you' re afraid of being 
rejected. If you' re taking risks like 
this, it 's a good thing. 

(2) Does your significant other 
bring out your good side? My 
friend Melinda once told me that 
there are two kinds of significant 
others: Those who bring out your 
best and those who bring out your 
bea t. If you find yourself constant-
ly worrying, nagging, complaining 
or otherwi e tormenting others 
because of your relationship, then 
bailout! 

(3) Is your significant other's 
attentiveness (or lack thereof) sati s-
fying for you? Some of u high-
maintenance types need a lot of 
attention (two or three phone calls 
a day, constant declarations of love, 
etc.) This is OK if you're matched 
up with the kind of person who is 
willing to shower you with that 
kind of attention. On the other 
hand, it can be disastrous if you' re 
dating someone who needs a lot of 
space. Mo t people can't re-wire 
their personality. Clingy people 
start to feel neglected; claustropho-
bic people e.ve'ltual\y feel smoth-. 
ered. - . / 

(4) Do you think your signifi-
cant other is the sex iest man or 
woman in the world? Undoubtedly 
there are better-looking people out 

there, but you'd never give them 
the lime of day. So maybe your 
man has got the kind of legs that 
evo lved from some prehistoric 
flamingo . Maybe your woman 
could never double for Catherine 
Zeta Jones. You aren' t under the 
illu ion that your significant other 
is model-perfect, but when it comes 
down to it. there ' only one pair of 
legs - urn, I mean arms - you 
want wrapped around you, and 
nothing else will do! 

(5) Do you value your own hap-
pine s a much a you value your 
igni ficant other 's? If you' re 

always the one who has to make 
the compromises, the resentment is 
sure to build. In a healthy relation-
ship. you are willing to suffer a lit-
tle, but you're not whipped. 

(6) Do you feci the need to keep 
earning your significant other's 
love in tead of taking it for grant-
ed? The greatest crime in any rela-
tion hip is when the Honeymoon 
Phase comes to an end. I'm not just 
talking about . getting you-know-
what seven days a week, I'm talk-
ing about the emotional stuff, too. 
Relationships go stale without a lit-
tle maintenance. You wouldn ' t 
drive your car 2,000 miles without 
checking the oil, right? Relation-
ships are the same way ... once 
you've got your partner's attention, 
you've got to work to keep it. 

(7) Can you trust your signifi-
cant other with your life? Never 
underestimate ' the importance of 
security! Sure, men and women 

s~ou ld learn to be self-sufficient, 
but when the chips are down you 
want to be wi(h someone depend-
able. 

(8) Last but not least, there's no 
such thing as being 50 percent in 
love. If your 'ignificant other is 

'The One" he or she better be able 
to answer "yes" to all of the above 
about you. 

Remember, everyone has the 
right LO waffle when it comes to 
marriage. It 's a big decision . 
Besides, the post-grad dating scene 
may be scary but it's not hopeless. 
Remember poor Chad, my friend 
whose co-workers pat him on the 
head and flaunt picture of their 
grandchildren? He met a hot chick 
last week (thanks to Mary the 
Matchmaker) and 1 haven' t heard 
him whine once in the last seven or 
eight days. There might be Life 
After Diploma after all .... 

WIlen did you know ... or 
.... w .. "The One?" 

"This is going to sound cheezy, 
but I had an asthma attack once 
and passed out when we were 
having sex. When he revived me 
he told me loved me , then I 
knew ... : 

- Candy, UCSD senior 
(length of relationship = 2 years) 

"We were talking about who we 
would most like to be stuck on a 
desert Island with. I wanted 
someone smart, 'someone I 
could spend a lot of time with 
and who would have my best 
interests at heart. I realized that 
person was my boyfriend: 

- Megan, UCSD Class of '98 
(tength of relationship = over 2 years) 

"We'd already been on a double 
date but it wasn't until later that 
I knew. I was walking home from 
playing basketball at the YMCA 
and it'Was snowin&.' He drove by 
in his car and picked me up .• 
- Margery, Mary's grandmother 

(married for siKty years) 

FREE T-SHIRTS! FREE FOOD! 
WIN A SWISS ARMY WATCH! SWISS G:1 ARMY V 

f v' I" P I I) 

KEEP IN TOUCH FOR THE SUMMER! ••• 
With a totally cool new virtual reality produa •••• 

----.. , 

HolodeskT14 Telepresence Network _to 

Come pick up your own complimentaty software CD! 

to - - as heard on 
~-- .. ----.---- .. 

Monday. May 3,1999 The UCSD Guardian FEATURES 13 

HOROSCOPES 

LINDA C. BLACK 
Tribune Media Services 

BIRTHDAYS 
This Week 

Born May 3: This is an excel-
lent year to put down roots. A 
shrewd investment could lead to a 
solid foundation. May 4: Schedule 
the vacation of your dreams in 
May so you'll have something 
worth saving your money for. May 
5: You're usually a workaholic, 
but this year you might decide to 
have a little more fun. May 6: 
Your good common sense could 
lead you to a promotion at work 
this year. MlIY 1: Looks like you 
could advance in your career this 
year, but there is going to be a test. 
May 8: It may look like there's a 

ceiling to your advancement this 
year, but you can blast right 
through, if you're willing to do 
what's required. May 9: Friends 
will help you achieve the career of 
your dreams this year. 

ARIES 
March 21 - April 19 

You're wildly enthusiastic 
Monday and Tuesday, but take 
care. You could go over budget 
quite easily. Wednesday and 
Thursday, the action is intense, and 
good common sense is required. 
Friday and Saturday, friends will 
assist, if you let them know what to 
do. Nurture your loved ones on 
Sunday. 

TAURUS 
April 20 - May 20 

You can find the money to act 
on your dreams on Monday and 
Tuesday. Travel for business on 
Wednesday and Thursday. Share 
your experience Friday and Satur-
day, and relax with good music on 
Sunday. 

GEMINI 
May 21 -June 21 

Follow strong leadership on 
Monday and Tuesday to' achieve 

~---------------~-------~ .,. 

• MondIy ItWu Fildey 10 00 . m 10 6 00 pm • Setutdty 11 oo . m to " 00 pm • VIM • MK(~r(trd • 
Amc:nc.n Exprus· OtSCCl'oJltf · New custOrMrs only Must preser".d otters expire 5 1 1 0/99 

--------~--------------~ 

SELF SERVE 
COPIES 

Gft+!!_£_ 
Costa Verde Shopping Center • 86S0 Genesee Ave., &e. 200 

(619) 457-9500 

STORAGE USA 
STUDENT SPECIAL 

Need Space? We're the Place! 

• 

what you want. Wednesday and 
Thursday are best for making prac-
tical decisions, or taking out a loan. 
Friday and Saturday, travel beck-
ons, but may be hard to achieve. 
On Sunday, you could win the 
prize. 

CANCER 
june 22 -July 22 

Monday is good for increasing 
your income, and Tuesday's not 
too shabby either. Looks like 
company's coming on Wednesday 
and Thursday. You may not recog-
nize the place after then. Friends 
help you re-establish order on Fri-
day, and make a wise choice on 
Saturday. Travel by water on Sun-
day. 

LEO 
july 23 - Aug. 22 

You're enthusiastic Monday 
and Tuesday, but take care to stay 
on course, too. Be alert at work 
on Wednesday and Thursday, or 
accidents could happen. Set up a 
new routine that works much bet-
ter on Friday, and pay your 
respects to an older person Satur-
day. Sunday's your best day for 
shopping, especially for expen-
sive gifts. 

VIRGO 
Aug. 23 - Sept. 22 

[nvest in your own home on 
Monday and Tuesday. Fall in love 
for keeps on Wednesday and 
Thursday. Fix whatever's broken 
on Friday and Saturday, and make 
time for some cuddling on Sunday. 

LIBRA 
Sept. 23 - Oct. 22 

Learn from a strong leader on 
Monday and Tuesday. Flush out 
what's not working on Wednesday 
and Thursday. Put your money 
where your love is on Friday and 
Saturday, and do creative work on 
Sunday. 

SCORPIO 
Oct. 23 - Nov. 21 

Ask for the money on Monday 
and Tuesday. Learn through experi-
ence on Wednesday and Thursday. 
Invest in a timesaver Friday and 
Saturday, and follow your hum.hes 
on Sunday. 

SAGITTARIUS 
Nov. 22 - Dec. 21 

Spur the others to victory on 
Monday and Tuesday. Go for the 
money on Wednesday and Thurs-

day. Cause a big shift on Friday and 
Saturday, and tend to your wounds 
on Sunday. 

CAPRICORN 
Dec. 22 - jan. 19 

Make big changes at home on 
Monday and Tuesday, so you can 
entertain loved ones on Wednesday 
and Thursday, one loved one in 
particular. Spend money wisely on 
Friday and Saturday, and learn 
through your faith on Sunday. 

AQUARIUS 
jan . 20 - Feb. 18 

Teamwork is required on Mon-
day and Tuesday. You ' re pressed to 

. make a big choice on Tuesday and 
Wednesday. Pick one you can live 
with on Thursday, and settle into a 
new routine on Friday. Do work 
you love on Saturday, and the 
money will come on Sunday. 

PISCES 
Feb. 19 - March 20 

You're lucky with money on 
Monday and Tuesday, but don ' t 
spend it all on Wednesday and 
Thursday. Move quickly to avoid a 
trap on Friday, and save your big 
purchases for Saturday or Sunday. 
Your intuition is better then. 

FDA Approved Whitening • Dentist 5uIDervts,ec:I,.':;;" 
limit 1 per household. Valid after completion of an exam, 
necessary Xrays, simple cleaning (in absence of periodintal 

disease) at regular lees. p - - - - - - - - - - "'I 
Inlll .. ured? You InLL SAVE $3501 I Problem Dentures or MI •• ing T .. th? I 

I $300 OFF : 
lelnt Procedure I 

LL NOW! 
N_ patients only. Exp. 5/24/99 oil 

-----------GE:NERAL AND CoSlIIIETlC 
DENTISTRY" · IKPLANTS 

OF LA JOLLA 
Serving San Diego over 15 years Member ADA, CDA, SOCOS 

Plea .. Call Today for Your FREE Consultation 

546-0100 
8899 University Center In. Ste 190 

Across from the Hyatt Aventine 



.. 

14 FEATURES 

ARENA 
Would you like to seen an all-
campus commencement? 
Interviews by Jessica Scheppmann 
Photography by Lisa Huff 

"If I was a senior I would 
love to have an all-campus 
commencement. I think it 
makes graduating not seem 
quite as special without it." 

Amy Lewis 
Revelle Freshman 

"They should have an all-
campus commencement. 
There is more of a spirit of 
togetherness with all of the 
colleges. They should 
definitely bring it back." 

Cesar Guzman 
Marshall Sophomore 

"They should have one 
thing for all of the 
colleges. When they have 
separate commencements, 
if they overlap, you have 
to pick and choose which 
friends you want to see 
[graduate]. You have to 
prioritize your friends ." 

Renon Upunao 
Warren Senior 

"I don 't think it makes a 
difference because each of 
the colleges has its'own 
commencement. From 
what I've heard of the past, 
not that many students 
show up anyway." 

John Nieto 

"My only opinion on it is 
that finding someone of 
equal caliber to Newt 
Gingrich would be finding 
Satan, and he' busy:So I 
can understand Dynes ' 
decision to cancel 
commencement. " 

Jonna Howden 
Marshall Senior 

The UCSD Guar'c}!an Monday, May 3, 1999 

CROSSWORD By Bernice Gordon 

(C) 1999 T""'ne M ..... SeMces. Inc. 
AU rights rnerved. 

--
1 longhaired sheepdog 
5 Painter Rembrandt 
10 Deadly 
15 Long. narrow cut 
19 Copycat 
20 Astronaut Aldrin 
21 Field of action 

~~ ~1~n~r~::,~~i~hristie Brinkley, et al ... 
25 Donna Karan or Vera wang 
27 COIonlal cuckoo 
28 RepulSive 
29 Steel girder I)'pe 
31 Matador 
32 Hook's unclerting 
33 Social stratum 
34 Intersects 
35 Stood up to 
38 Colette novel 
39 Cast a shadow 
40 Coli. Huskies 
41 Meryl Streep ()( Julia ROIlerts 
43 _ Na Na 
46 1996 alSCHan 
47 Writer Morrison 
48 Distinctive alf 
49 Burn slightly 
50 Wapiti 
51 Mary Cassatt or Annie Leibovitz 
55 Divvy up 
56 Activity periods 

58 AdellI)' 
59 losirc streaks 
60 Braided linen tape 
61 Stable youngsters 
62 Iridescent gems 
63 Recipients 
65 "Teachers" star 

512198 
TMSPuuIMO.oa.oom 

66 Maintaining full force 
69 English composer 
70 Margot Fonteyn. Gelsoy Kirkland. ot 01. 
72 Stephen of 'The Cr)'inC Game' 
73 Ran like madras 
74 "Aurora" fresco painter Guido 
75 "Miss _ Regfets· 
76 lahr or lance 
77 Black goo 
78 Myra Hes. ()( Amy Marcey Cheney Beach 
82 Count of jazz 
83 _ New Guinea 
84 \lelocil)' detec\()( 
85 Became uptight 
86 Anklebones 
89 Childhood taboos 
90 Tennis legend 
91 HumihatOt 
92 Pole of Highland game. 
93 On a cruise 
94 Period 
97 Sophie Tucker sobriquet 
99 Florence Nightingale. at times 
102 Model Macpherson 
103 Beginning 

104 Moelutl end Brickell 
105 Melt ICCfJIher 
106 Offsprin& 
107 _Dome 
108 '[)Mne Poems' poet 
109 _an sultanate 

-
1 ACoUti', cousin 
2 Reltirc atop 
3 Jacob's third son 
4 Wrath 
5 Catt!llOrized 
6 Roman official 
7 In a twisted position 
8 _ Abner 
9 Stored. as fodder 
10 Gradually be<:ornM clearer 
11 -Hamlet- tapestry 
12 Abound (wi"') 
13 Part of Q & A 
14 1954 Fe""" film 
15 Meager 
16 Preferences 
17 val d·_ . France 
18 Cocoyams 
24 Cow's paunch 
26 Temperamental 
30 Adriatic seaport 
32 Aecipt'ocal of a cosecant 
33 Department hoad 
34 Visual aid 
35 Weekend cowboys 
36 School of Paris 
37 Joan Baez or Mimi Fanna 
38 Pennies 
39 Watery ice 
41 Actor Greene 
42 Ways of walkil'l8 
43 Betsy Ross. e.g. 
44 ArCel's Instrument 
45 God o(war 
47 Worker's gear 
49 former Dolphins coach 
51 Ti."twed 
52 Islend loop 
53 \/ery ilIlCIY 
54 For rent, in London 
55 Substantial chunks 
57 Slommin' Sammy 
59 Ship's poles 
61 Pace number 
62 Durirc a broadcast 
63 Obligation 
64 Earthenware jar 
65 Mama's mom 
66 Absolute 
67 Unear"'ly 
68 Dut-of·fashlon 
70 Boyfriend. 
71 legume, w,'" oily seeds 
7 4 Singer Minnie 
76 Cause of rutn 
78 Builrirc procassion 
79 Certification of a will 
80 Superman's lois 
81 Decorated 
82 Irish dramatist Brendan 
83 Shoved 
85 Sleeping sickness spre_r 
86 Common velchos 
87 White poplar 
88 l.ontI>endled spoon 
89 Dubber 
90 Gray-faced 
92 Play'. players 
93 Opposed to: slang 
94 Conca ()( bongo 
95 Greek peak 
96 Twl" 12 and 20 
98 6 on the pilone 

t~ ~:"YOW 

What MeAT course 
did people who 
got into medical 

school taket? 
All Others 

.................. 790/0 
Call today to enroll! 

1-IOO-KAP-TEST 
www.kaplan.com 

tl.aurwyof IIIICIII* __ III' ~-. For_-.-..dllllllof1lll......,. ___ .--..,.._ 

WORLD LEADER IN TEST PREP 

Monday, May 3, 1999 The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 15 

I! ...,1, I! I I, I! . 

The PriIbec \VII iawaeed .. a CCJUIIIe 
of~ .. _a"oflia." 
............. It_thcy~ 
..................... 
.... f# ... .,.piebcI 
it lIP'" .... _ odIer 
PI·I& ............ . 

~..., .... 
............ 

......... -a ........ ciIC 

.... ". ..... .... 

............ 01 .. 

..... _ fir. Ja dtotlrief 

... UCSD has flPm' .... 

..... ·.utdalediac .. -
it's., bela"',.. - tho 
...... LaJala ........ .... 
_ ... "'fliln~ ........ ..... 
....................... , .. 
_eWII'- a berth _ ..... 

..... oIC01lSi .. flay .... 
women', aId_. No. 1 ad for the 
SouIhwatem Women', UItimIle ~ 
held on ApriI24-2S. The team performed 
acc:ocdinaIY ad wu crowned IOUI'DIIneOt 
cbampiQn. followed by UC SIIIlta s.-
ad Ullivenit)' of Colonldo. who finishod 
second and third, tapeCtive.ly. 

Tham eap&ains Btyll MIItyna and Meg 
Parter said they expected to win. and this 
confidence showed on the scoreboard: 
UCSD outacored its opponents 56-17. On 
Saturday. the ICalII breezed by both 
CIamnont College and Arizona State 
Uniwnity CIOUviocingly. 15-2 and 15-3. On 
SundaY. the women picked up in stride, shut-
ting down UCSB in the semi·fmals. 15-6. 

Mer ... _ .......... --.of 
eM _ forOoIetI. 1M ... for La 
......... __ ~iadle 
' ..... """"" .......... we .. WOIticid • 
..... 'IIe1TIW .... .,. ... of 
'CoIb.'~_ ,.-, .... MIDcky 
... , ........ ,,_., .. -

....... ,;t·IIINt~-· .. ~ 
.ftitlltdlO 

~ ~wUick ...... 
.... .,~*', 
.... ' .. rot ...... -

.~UCIl')~ k::=:-"= 
. ~ .... .. 

.. 11.lIl ..... k_tlCSD 
.... 114 
.............. wiadltMt 

.. C .. ,..dir ...... UOJI) .... Md. 
~. UCSD ftom 1W CoIotado 
... it ... UCSO" .... wort iIIId raw 
taIaIt. 

ID dte fitrIII, .... defeesive play from 
PIIbr, a ....... Ienior." an incred-
ible 08'eMive duo from the team's two 
other 1fIIIIuatiaI1CIlion. Erica Clart and 
Brill Huhimoto. beIpecI UCSD ectae out 
Colorado for the tide. AU around solid 
play from Martyna and eonsistent pllSill8 
from CoriIUle GinabeIg abo helped to bury 
Colorado's cbaDces. 
. The team looks forward to its fil'Sl.-cver 
go It .1IIIioftaI title and hopes to finish in 
the top eight. However, with the ways 
things have been going. the team couId 
definitely aim higher. 

~---...::...=-:..=-=----=------------------:.,.; 

Health Care-
Social Issues 

Program 
Fall Quarter Course Offerings 

Anthropoiogy/LD 1 
Economics 138A 
Psychology 1 
Psychology I 

Psychology 60 
Psychology 104 
Psychology 154 
Psychology 163 
PsychoIogy11J 
Psychology 119 

Introduction to Culture 
Economics of Health 
Psychology 
General Psychology: 
Biological Foundations 
Introduction to Statistics 
Social Psychology 
Behavior Modification 
Abnormal Psychology 
Human Sexuality 
Drugs, Addiction, 
Mental Disorders 

Urban Studies a Planning 144 
Environmental & Preventive 
Health Issues 

sonBALL: 
UCSD ends its season of 
ups and downs with an up 
ContI .... frOlll ..... 20 
fifth to a lead-off single; however, that did 
not break up her concentration. Harlan would 
allow one more hit for the rest of the day. 

The Tritons tried to put little rallies 
together, but Hardey kept forcing them 
down. Finally, at the end of seven, the game 
was still knotted at 0-0, sending the game 
into extra innings. 

The Tritons only needed one extra inning 
take care of Cal Lu. Christina Searing's bunt 
scored Engler for the winning run in the bot-
tom of the eighth. 

In the second game, both teams began to 
pick up their bats as Cal Lu had a 4-3 lead 
over UCSD going into the fourth inning, and 
extended its lead to 6-3 after touching 
Harlan for two fourth inning runs. 

COLUMN: 
It's hard to be serious 
when everyone's drunk 
ContInued from ..... 20 
our pitching suffered accordingly. 

I couldn't tell one pathetic Koala patsy 
from another, but all the usual suspects were 
there. Not much to shake a stick at, this zoo 
crew even had a guy with only one function-
ing arm batting for them. Clearly the inferior 
newspaper i" many respects, numerous 
times, five or six Kotila runners would gather 
at second, only to madly race for home in one 
huge thundering drunken stampede. Tagging 
all of them out was too much and the sneaky 
Koala tactics seemed to payoff in the hort 
term. 

Then the unthinkable happened: The keg 
ran dry. The prospects of finishing the last 
two innings without any alcohol made 

But UCSD rallied in the bottom of the 
fourth and cut the lead to 6-5. From there the 
Tritons got the equalizer in the ixth, even-
tually sending the two teams to thei r second 
extra-i nning game of the day. 

Once again the Triton held strong in the 
added innings and came through with anoth-
er win. 

The Regals again advanced their 'runner 
to third b;efore Harlan got out of the inning. 
And again, the Tritons took advantage, this 
time with Sam scoring the winning run on a 
Kelsay Bennett sacrifice fly. 

U was an emotional finish, as the Tritons 
mobbed Sam at home plate. It was a tremen-
dous way for the UCSD to end its season, 
and hopefully the momentum will continue 
next year. 

"I'm already looking forward to next 
year," Gerckens said. "We're losing two 
seniors that will be sorely missed, but we 
should definitely have the talent to make the 
postseason. " 

everyone a little upset. Finally something 
gave. When the Guardian seemingly tied 
the game on a close play at the plate, all hell 
broke loose. Suddenly, every drunken mem-
ber of each team began yelling at each other, 
some exchanging blows. Once the Guardian 
had sufficiently whipped some dumb 
Eucalyptus-eating ass, order was restored 
and the run was counted. Yet, the fiasco did 
more than just raise the intensity, it woke up 
the sleeping Guardian giant. Handling the 
pressure wonderfully, my Guardian team-
mates began to methodically slap the ball to 
all fields and run the bases like hunted 
gazelles. With the Koala defense-as porous 
as Swiss cheese, we piled on the runs. The 
best newspaper on campus now possessed a 
commanding 20- 13 lead, heading into the 
bottom of the final inning. Only three outs to 
go and glory would be ours. 

I just know those over-medicated, crazy, 
sex-depraved losers cheated somehow. 

AT&T CERFnet 
invites you to aHend an 

Open House & Job Fair 
at our headquarters in the 

San Diego Tech Center 
in Sorrento Valley 

AT&T is building "In industry-leading, facilities-based globallP network. 
We are seeking enthusiastic and technically-competent self·starters with a can·do 
and teamwork attitude to help us build AT&T's next generation gigabit IP network 
and state of the art content distribution/web hosting data centers. As port of our 
team, you will hove the opportunity ta design, deploy, and operate a reliable 
network that touches over 100 cities worldwide and uses technologies such as 
SONET, ATM, DSl and Wireless. 
We have numerous openings to hire Entry level through Senior Management 
positions. 
Interested? Come meet our hiring managers responsible for Network Engineering 
and Architecture, Network Operations, Provisioning & Installations, WorkAow 
Automation & Development, Systems Administration, Internet Security, and Internet 
Data Centers. 

Help us on our w«y to become the number one ISP Worldwide. 

Saturday, May 8, 1999 
11 :OOam to 3:00pm 

9805 Scranton Road, Suite 150 San Diego, CA 92121 
Entry Level/Professional • Network Operations 

Job Openings in: • Provisioning/Installations 
• Network Engineering & Architecture 
• Internet Data Centers 
• Software Development 
• Systems Administration 

Please email your resume and RSVP to jobfairitcerf.net 
We look forward to seeing you there! 

For more in form otion : www.cerf .net 

~MI&T 
---=;:;n_-_~-



! 
i 
I' 

16 CLASSIFIEDS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
1:1 ",'a!): I =t.,:m 
*ROUND TRIP COURIER FARES" 
London $349 Sing $300 Hong Kong $389 
China $360 Sydney $580 Bangkok $370 

.. 40.80°10 OFF ALL FARES-
AIR C OU RI ER INTERN AT IONAL 

1·800·298-1230 24 hr 

EUROPE $239 O/w ANYTIME IN 
1999.Hawaii$119, Carib/Mexico$189 
rlt Discount Fares Worfdwide. 888· 
AIRHITCH. www.airhitch .fJrg (taxes 
additional) (4/5·613) 
Spend a Semester:n Europe! UCSD's 
Education Abroad Program in the 
Netherlands ha5 no language 
prerequisite. Costs are comparable to 
what you'd pay here. Deadline: May 
7th. Contact the Programs Abroad 
Office for more information. (534·1123). 
(4/29-5/6) 
Study in Brazil, Chile or Costa Rica! 
Semester or full year programs 
available. 2 years of university-level 
Spanish required. Earn UC creditl 
Financial Aid and scholarships 
available. Deadline: May 7th. Visit the 
UCSD Programs Abroad Office for 
more information. (534-1123). (4129-51 
6) 
Parfez vous English? You can study 
abroad! UCSD offers academic 
programs in Australia and New 
Zealand. Earn UC credit. Financial aid 
applies . Don 't miss out on th is 
opportunity. Deadline: May 7th. Visit 
the Programs Abroad Office. (534-
1123). (4/29-5/6) 
Study in Italy! UCSD offers semester 
programs in business, economics, and 
international studies at Boccon i 
University in Milan. 1 year of university-
level Italian required. Deadline: May 
7th . Contact the Programs Abroad 
Officeformore information. (534-1123). 
(4/29-5/6) 
Discoverwhat life south of the border is 
really like! Study in Mexico through 
UCSD's Education Abroad Program. 
Language Prerequisi tes vary . 
Programs available for students with 0 
to 2 years of Spanish. Deadline: May 
7th. Contact the Programs Abroad 
Office for more information. (534-1 123). 
(4/29-5/6) 
Habla Espanol? Study in Spain! UCSD 
offers a semester program in Cordoba 
that gives. you UC credit for second 

IS 
YOUR 

FUTURE 
WORTH 

$50,OOO? 
WE 
THINKSO~ 

The Army now 
offers college scholar-

,
. ships wo.rth up to 

$50,000 for qualifying i applicants through 
I, the Montgomery GI Bill and the Army 

College Fund. 
It's worth a call to 

find out more. Call 
your local recruiter at: 

La Jolla 
619,488,2781 

ARMY. 
BE ALL lOU CAN BE. 

www.goarmy.com 

The UCSD Guardian 

CLASSIFIEDS 
The UCSD Guardian reserves the righl to classify, edit, delete offensive words and 
phrases, andlor refuse any and all advertisements without prior notification. The Advertiser 
will nol hold the Guardian liable for any claims resuhing from the publication of the 
advertisoment. The publisher will also not be held accountable for any claim from an 
agreemenl made between Ihe advertiser and Ihe consumer. 
Copy should be reviewed by the advertiser for errors. In order to be corrected in the next 
regular issue, all errors must be reported by tha corresponding deadline. Credit will only 
be given for the incorrect portion of the advertisement. There are no refunds for cancellations. 
Pi ...... nd .U eor'''pond8nee reg.nllng CI ... llieda to: 
UCSD Guanll.n, Attn: CI ... IlIed., 1500 GUm.n Driv. 10316, L. Joll., CA 12013. 
Aetu.llocetion: Student Center A, Room 217. 

year Spanish. 1 year of university-level 
Spanish is required to apply. Deadline: 
May 7th. Contact the Programs Abroad 
Office for more information. (534-1123). 
(4/29-5/6) 
Study in Africa! Deadline for UCSD's 
Education Abroad Program in South 
Africa is May 7th. Visit the Programs 
Abroad Office for more information. 
(534-1123) . (4129-516) 
Advertisers: Be a part olthe Guardian's 
biggest issue of the spring! The Sun 
God Issue highlights all the facts about 
the 1999 Sun God Festival. Plus-get 
a break on 1/4·page or larger ads! Call 
534·3466. Deadline to reserve is 
Monday, May 10th at 2p.m.!(4129-51 
10) 
Leadership seminar: Medical School 
Admissions presented on 5/5/99 from 
5-7 p.m. in the Price Center Theatre. I! 
the med-school admissions process 
seems to make as much sense as 
Daedalus' labyrinth, then this seminar 
will help. Come find out about the ins 
and outs of personal statements , 
interviews, essays, the dreaded MCAT 
exam and much more. Sponsored by 
SOLO. Formore infocaIl534-0501 . (51 
3~) _______________ __ 

The Episcopal Students Association 
meets every Wednesday from 5:00-
6:30 p.m. in the International Student 
Center Conference Room fo r 
communion, Christian. dicussion, and 
free dinner. Students, faculty, and staff 
welcome. Call 534-6549 forinformatiolY. 
(5/3) 

EMPLOYMENT 
FUN SUMMER JOBS. Gain valuable 
expe rience working with children 

outdoors. We are looking for caring 
Summer Day Camp staff whose 
summer home is in or near the San 
Fernando orConejo Valley., Malibu, 
or Simi Valley. General Counselors & 
Specialists. Salaries range $2,100-
$3,200+. Call 818-865-6263 or go to 
www.workatcamp.com (411 ~5120) 

The La Mesa Municipal Pool 
is currently 
applic 

learn Bartending 

We Pay Youl29 people needed to lose 
up to 30 Ibs. in 30 days. Doctor 
recommended. Call (619) 272-4985. 

(4/5-5_ffl~) ____________ __ 
$1500 weekly potential mailing our 
ci rculars. No Experience Required. 
Free information packet. Call 202-452-
5940. (4/5-6/3) 
Energetic and responsible individual 
needed to supervise three boys, ages 
10/1 3/14, during June and August. You 
must have valid drivers license . 

THINKING OF MOVING 
OFF-CAMPUS? 

Here's a break for your parents-a chance for 
them to write off some of your college tuition! 

How, you ask? 

Classified Line 
Ad Rates 

Stucl8nI8: S3 per 20 wonl. 
FIlCUlIy • S..,,: 54 per 20 word, 

AU othert: S6 per 20 word. 
Advance payment Is required. 

Classified Display 
Ad Rates 

$9.00 per column Inch 
Dudlln .. : 

........ "'" Oil. DI8pI8y Ada Una Ada 
NoM nua. 3 pm nua. 
NoM Mon. 3 pm lion. 

Experience with childcare is not 
mandatory; however, you MUST be 
intelligent, caring and absolutely 
committed to providing a supervised, 
safelfun environment for my three 
children in our Carmel Valley home. 
Hours are 8-6, Monday through Friday. 
Salary is $60/day. To apply, send 
written resume to Celia Schleyhahn, 
P.O. Box 200476, Austin, TX 78720. 
You must include two character 
references from a former employerl 
teacher/school coach or other 
professional person who knows you 
well . Also include why you want the job 
and how you will get to work. (4122·5/ 
10) 
Male Models, Average build. Open 
minded. Good pay, pleasant working 
environment. For more information call: 
COASTAL PRODUCTIONS (619)368-
6884. (4/26-5120) 

-'¢-
911 gifts. com 

SOFTWARE ENGINEER 
Fast growing e-commerce firm seeks FT 
programmers. Compensation includes 
stocks options and competitive salary. 
Perl (CGI Scripls), C/CH , HTML, Java 
Unix & RDBMS experience (Oracle , SOL) 
Fax resume to 619-298-9882 or e-mail 
cheng@911gilts.com. No calls. 

Take full advantage of your ethernet or 
internet capabilities by getting paid per 
hour to be online. It is completely free, 
and there are no obligations. To sign 
up or get more info go to: http:" 
www . allad vantage. c oml 
go.asp?refld=BAE200. (4/26·516) 

HAVE MOM & DAD BUY A 
CONDO OR TOWNHOUSE! TOBIN 

You can: • Rent the extra rooms to your friends .. . 
One of UCSD's 
finest is also a 

Realtor®! • Use the rent money to pay for the mortgage .. . 
• You live in the condo for FREE, and ... 
• ... your parents can write off the interest on the mortgage! 

DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY PAYING RENT! 
Here's a way to pay for housing that is also an investment! Call Tobin today at 

(619)637-0609 (voice mail) 
(619)621-5279 (office) 
e-mail:Finestrealtor@hotmail.com 9988 Hilbert Street, Sle 100, San Diego CA 92 131 

Each office Is Independently <,',,"ed and' operated 

------------------------~ 

Monday, May 3, 1999 

Optometric assistant- part time, bright, 
enthusiastic person for new office in 
UTC location. Will train. 447·8494 or 
792·2879. (4f.!6-5/6) 
Small Restaurant, near UCSD, La Jolla 
Shores, very flexible hours, PIT cashier, 
countemelp $5,75-$6.5OIhr. We train, 
leave message. Kevin 273-8623. (4/ 
29-516) 
Temporary delivery drivers wanted 
Mother's Day Weekend (May 7·9) for 
busy UTC-area florist. Must have own 
vehicle. Call Sandra 622-9999. (4129-
5f3) 
PIT sales clerks wanted for busy UTC· 
area florist. Friendly, responsible 
individuals. Flexible hours. Must be 
available nights and weekends. Sandra 
622-9999. (4129-513) 
Web Designers: Interested in forming 
a team of 3 or 4 wlknowledge of 
technology, bUllayout creativity more 
important: AneumanOix.netcom.com 
Fax 456-0683 Attn: Alan. (4f.!9-5110) 

GENSET, a rapidly growing 
intemational genomics company with 
corporate , research and 
manufacturing sites in La Jolla , has 
an immediate opening for a ScIentIIIc 
Editor IR .... reh S.er.t.ry. 
Responsibifities include typing/editing 
scientific papers , preparing graphs 
and charts for scientific presentations , 
maintaining central research files , 
distributing interoffice mall, arranging 
domestic and international travel , 
receiving outside visitors and acting 
as liasion between lab and corporate 
personnel. 
Excellent clerical ski lls and one to 
two years worll experience in a biotech 
environment preferred . Must be highly 
organ ized , m otiva ted and deta i l 
oriented . Must possess excellent 
written and oral communication skills 
and knowledge of MS Word a nd 
Internet. 
PIe_ mall r_. wtth _letter to: 

HR Dept., GENSEl, 
875 Pro.peet St .• 208, 

La JoB. CA 92037. 
F.x to 619-551·3001 or 
e-mail to hTOCllllxy.eom. 

NO PHONE CAUS PLEASE. 

Yoh Scientific needs: 
·Chemists 

·Biochemisls 
·Microbiologists 

·Molecular Biologists 
·Research A ssociates 

·LabTechniciansl A ssistants 
·Chemical Engineers 
Fax (619)622-9048 

Phone (619)622-9005 

!lM!Il 
FIT Summer. Work in La Jolla office. 
Must know Excel and Quicken. M.H. 
Services, Inc. 619.456 .24271 fax 
619.456.9452. (4/29·5117) 
Environmental intemships: Get credit! 
experience I Positions in research, 
marketing, consulting, education. 
Green Restaurant Assoc. 619-233-
GOOD. We can change our worfdl (41 
29-5110) 
Restaurant: Hostess/Host. Part-Time 
weekends. $6-$8/hr. plus tips. Will also 
train for food service. Apply 9a.m. to 
2p.m. Monday-Friday, The Eggery, Etc. 
4130 Mission Blvd. Pacific Beach. See 
Phil (619)274-3122. (4/29-5110) 
Restaurant: Regents Pizzeria is hiring 
Waitstaff, Hosts/Cashiers, Pizza cooks, . 
& Kitchen Help. Up to $7Ihr. Apply at: 
4150 Regents Park Row, La Jolla. (51 
3-17) 

Robert A. Rees D.DeS. Cosmetic and Family Dentistry 
Soft and Gentle Dentistry • "We cater to the timid" 
All phases of Treatm7nt Available: C/e~nings/~xams, Non-Mercury Fillings, Crowns, Root Cana.'s, Extractlo~s, and CosmetIC Dentistry. We provide bleaching, too! 
Student Discounts Available . Insurance is Aq:epted. 

Call Us for an Appointment Today! 
7761 Herschel Ave. In Downtown La Jolla 

(619) "5"-6181 Mon-Thurs 7.m-2pm 
Check us out at: www.RobertReesDDS.com 

Monday, May 3, 1999 

SAT TUTORS WANTED for SCOREI 
Prep. Aexible schedule, $13-$22ihr. 
Must have reliable transportation, 
responsible and enthusiastic attitude, 
and 700 or higher on SAT Math OR 
Verbal. ,For Summer and Fall positions, 
must interview and train now! 1-800-
PREP-182. (513·13) 
STUDENTS NEEDED: FLEXIBLE 
HOURS ON CAMPUS! Earn 61hr. 
posting flyers. 5·10 per week. Call 
Nassim 678·8809. (5f3-10) 
Helpers needed for retired professor to 
clean out and reorganize garagel 
storage space. Flexible hours $8.00 
hourfy. 558-8846. Near campus. (5/3-
6) 
PHOTO ADMIN. o\SST. 20 hours a 
week (flexible). Darkroom experience 
a plus , computer skills , good 
organization & admin. skills. Will learn 
how to matt & frame. (619) 792-8219. 
(5/3) 
TUTORS NEEDED for organic chemist 
quantum mechanics (Chem 133), and 
reading, $10-$12 per hour, musttravel 
5-10 miles. (619)518-8867. (5/3) 
NOW HIRING Fortune 1000 Company. 
Adve rti s i n g- Com tTl u n icat io n, 
Marketing, Business Majors. Resume 
Experience, Intern and Work 
Experience. Appointments 1-800-362-
4224, Ext 131 . (5/3-6/3) 

ROOMMATES 
Need 2 roommates to share house 
with grads. 2 rooms available. $285 1 
$265 + deposit. 4.65 miles from school . 
Call for details . Todd 622-9677. (4/29-
516) 
Room available. Large Master 
bedroom, 5 minutes from UCSD, UTC. 
Fully furnished, own covered parking. 
WasherlDryer, pool & more. Need to 
rent out ASAP! 340-3264 pgr. (4/29-51 
3) 
Seeking clean, friendly female, 21 +yrs. 
preferred. Share master in 3 bed. 
2.5bath condo starting July 1. 1 yr. lease, 
$3251mo. Biking distance to UCSD, 2 
car garage, pool, jacuzzi, tennis court. 
Call Krista 625-0546 c.r 642-6909. (41 
29-516) 
Female roommate(s). Master bedroom 
in 2 bedroom apartment. Large enough 
for 2, luxurious for 1. Private bath. Call 
Erin. 678-045Roommate- Own room 
in 2 bdrm/l bth contemporary spacious 
apt. wlpool table. Walk to UCSD, 
movies, shops. Avail. immediately. 
$550.623-3200 leave message. (5/3-
6) 
Female roommate wanted for 3 
bedroom condo avail. 511 . $450, incl. 
utiVcablellndry. Walk to UCSD. Call 

Sherry 622·5701/558-0891 . (5f3-10) 

FOR RENT 
1 BR furnished-8686 "Co Via MaJlorca. 
Includes linens, kitchen supplies, sofa 
bed, new TVNCR. Pool, spa, gym. 
Available now $1350. Marietta 459-
6944. (4f.!6-5127) 
La Jolla Colony room to rent. Near 
UCSD, $475 mo. Private bedroom! 
bath. Ron 457-5806. (5f3-6) 
PRE-RENT your summer of fall of 99 
HOUSING. We have 2·3-4 or 5 
bedroom houses orcondos. Near UTCI 
UCSD. For appointment call 619-578-
4257. (5/3-6/3) 
Large 5 bedroom 2 bath house near La 
Jolla/UTC area. Garage and fenced 
yard. AvailableJulyl or Sept. 1.$2750. 
(619)578·4257 . (5/3-6/3) 
2 bedroom, 1 bath. La JollalUTC area. 
2 story. Available May 15. $1100. 
(619)578-4257. (513-13) 
Large four bedroom/two bath Condo. 
Near La Jolia/UTC area. Large 
bedrooms. Available July 1st or Sept. 
1. $2400 per month. (619)578-4257. 
(5/3-6/3) 
La Jolla furnished large master 
bedroom with bath, also fumished room 
and share bath. Non-smoker. Utilities, 
cable, phone line, use of kitchen , 
parking included. Near UCSD and 
beach. $650 and $595. Available June 
1 st and mid June or July 1 st. Call 
(619)459-6322. Private entrance. (513-
10) 
Partially furnished 2 bedroom, 1.5 bath 
condo in University City. Pool, garage, 
patio, vaulted ceilings, adjacentto Vons! 
Rite Aid. Bus direct to UCSD in front of 
complex. Available either 7/1 , 8/1 , or 91 
1-thru 6130/00. $950. (5/3) 

FOR SALE 
'90 Toyota Camry, 4 drs, white, 100,000 
mi., good/clean condition. Pwrwindowl 
lock, a/c, 1 O·disc cd, radio & tape. Call 
920-4069. (4126-516) 
Dresser, Pine, 5 drawers, as new, wI 
mirror $175. Call Tiffany 824-9276. (41 
29-5/3) 
White, '91 Ford Escort. 47,000 miles. 
AMIFMlcassette radio, AC, good 
condition. BBB offer $4,800, OBO. Call 
Michelle (619) 678·0911 . (513) 

VV ANT E D 
Caucasian Research subjects 
reimbursed for interview. If you are a 
UCSD student, 21-26, call 552-8585 
x4185 for more information. (1/11-613) 
Volunteers paid $30.00 for interview. I! 
you are entirely of Japanese or Korean 

• 
:Copies ~cr05rt Color Copies III 
I ~e ~ 13(Slnxll 65 
I paper $ 695 ~ictures .. 8 112 x 11 : 
I All 0 ffers expi re 5/1 7/99 I 
: Attention Instructors: "We Do Course Packets" I 
I ~ !!:II!.V~~ ~u~e..: ~52 ~J~la~i~g!.D~ !tli~:.9jJ!t"J 

YUM ... 

With In-N-OufAnd 
The Sigma Chi Fraternity At 

P.C. Library Walk On May 4 th 
All proceeds go 10 the San Diego Coalition lor the Homeless and Childlllll's Miracle Networll. 

The UCSD Guardian 

descent, age 21-26, call 552·8585 x 
2182. (1n-613) 
Jewish Research subjects reimbursed 
forintefView.l!you are a UCSD student, 
21-26, call 552·8585 x4185 for more 
information. (1/11 -613) 
Give the miracle ('f life- Becoming an 
egg donor. Females between 21 & 31 , 
call (619) 673-0885. (Compensation 
for time, inconvenience) (2/16-613) 

EGG DONORS 
-pIfIK£ A DIFFEREnCE" 
In couples lilies that are longing to 

have a family. Thev need your special 
HELP. 

II you .... .... lthy end betwMn 
1.30 yra old. 

Compen .. lion is heartily given for 
your time and effort- $3ooo plu. 

$150 for Ir.vel •• pen .... 
Please call 

CREJITDIE COIICEPTlII\, me. 
1-888-'111-£888 

(' 1111i1 CClncl:::ggs . AOL corn 
\,( tJ ..,1If' Cre,lltVl'ConccptlOn nC't 

Become an Egg Donor. Help make a 
couple's dream come true. Surrogate 
Parenting Services. (800)373-9525. (31 
11 -6/1) 
The Laboratory for Research on the 
Neuroscience of Autism of Children's 
Hospital Research Center is recruiting 
healthy adult male volunteers for our 
studies. Participants will be paid $1 0.00 
per hour. For details, please contact 
Greg Allen at 551 -7927 x235. (4/22-51 
3) 
PREGNANT? Have you considered 
private adoption? Call (800)676-3163 
for free information or visit our website: 
Ado tion By Choice.com. (4/26-5/20) 
Heavy Menstrual Periods? More than 
7 days? You may have a treatable 
bleeding disorder. We are conducting 
a research study requiring one visit 
including questionnaire and blood draw. 
Call to see if you quality for free blood 
test. UCSD 534-2815. (4/29-6/3) 
EXTRA MONEY! !! SKIN BIOPSY for 
Cystic Fibrosis study. WANTED: 
Normal male volunteers to donate four 
(4) skin plus (back/shoulder). $75 
compensation. STUDY SITE: UCSD 
Medical Center (Hillcrest). CALL: 543-
69350re-mail: Ibouck@ucsd.edu.$75 
for your skin! (513) 
PERSONAL INJURY? Let 
experienced attorneys and UCSD 
alumni recover big money for you. 
Contact Brett Peterson at 232-1826 or 

La Jolla Colony 
1770 Regents Rd. #113 

453-7331 

Bauhaus83 41 Yahoo. com (513) 

EGG DONORS NEEDED! 
Despentely wanted by Infertile, hopeful 
parents. All races needed. Aces 21-)0. 

Compensation $4,000. Please call 
OPTIONS N.tlonal Fertility 

Real_try (800)1"-9373. 

WE'RE LOOKING FORA 
FEW GOOD SPERM! Sperm 
dionors needed.Aps 20-38.AII nees. 

$50 per acceptable donation. Call 
OPTIONS National Fertility 

Real_try (800)186.9373. 

WANTED : 3 BEDROOM 
APARTMENT, CONDO , OR 
TOWNHOUSE TO RENT OR LEASE 
IN SEPTEMBER FORTHE 1999-2000 
SCHOOL YEAR. Preferably something 
in UCSD/UTC area. Call 455-7827. (41 
29-613) 

SERVICES 
Passport Photos, $6.95. Color Copies, 
75e, with 10. CAL COPY (619) 452-
9949. La Jolla Village Square. (next to 
Tower Records). (4/19-6/3) ____ _ 
PERSONAL INJURY? Let 
experienced attorneys and UCSD 
alumni recover big money for you. 
Contact Brett Peterson at 232-1 826 or 
§auhaus83@Yahoo.com (4/26, 5/3) 
www.TutorNation .com Free online 
tutor,trainer, instructor referral service 
in academic , foreign langauges , 
musical instruments , computing , 
sports. Free registration. (4/29-5/10) 
NEED A TUTOR? SUCCESS Tutoring 
Services. Hundreds of tutors available 
for all subjects. Reasonable rates. 
(619)51-TUTOR. (619) 518-8867 . 
Http://www.welcome.to/tutor (5/3-6/3) 

® 

CLASSIFIEDS 17 

LOST & FOUND 
Missing : Compaq 1235 laptop 
computer from Black Halll Warren 
Apartments on Sunday, March 7th. 
Reward for its return or information 
leading to its return. Call 455·7827 or 
e-mail: Stars91913@aol.com (4/12-61 
3) 
FOUND in Pepper Canyon/ERC dorm 
parking lot. GREEN SWEATER. 
Yours? Call Hannah: 457-1979. (5/3-
6) 

PERSONALS 
Advertisers: Be a part olthe Guardian'S 
biggest issue of the springl The Sun 
God Issue highlights all the facts about 
the 1999 Sun God Festival. Plus-get 
a break on 1/4-page or larger ads! Call 
534-3466. Deadline to reserve is 
Monday, May 10th at 2p.m.! (4/29-51 
10) 
TO PRINCESS JASMINE'S KILLER: 
Beware ... what goes around comes 
around. It won't be too much longer 
until you too are killed. Thoughtful 
eulogy, I must admit I enjoyed it even 
though I DIDN 'T ENJOY BEING 
KILLED SO FAST!! (5/3), ____ _ 
Most monumenta ll y unwelcome 
comeback to our nat ional 
consciousness: Adolph Hitler. (5/3) 
We know, already: Anne Heche and 
Ellen DeGeneres plan to star in a movie 
about the gay lifestyle. They'll play 
lesbians. (5/3) 
OJ Simpson: you got off. Now just shut 
up and go away, preferably forever. (51 
3) 
There is so much to do and so little 
time. I feel so ... so .... frazzled. (513) 

surfboards, bodyboards 
wetsuit s, swimsuits 

clothing, skateboancls 
snorkel gear, and more 

MAIL BOXES ETC: 

Claire mont Square 
4735 clairemont Dr. 

490-1690 

Clairemont Village 
3089 Claire mont Drive 

275-2380 



18 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian Monday, May 3,1999 

The Tritons are 6th in Sears Cup Standings TENNIS: UCSD is Jersey 
bound for Nationals MOVlN' ON UP: With only a quarter to go, UCSD is making its way to the top of the rankings 

By John Mayurd 
Sports Editor 

The Sears Directors' Cup -
awarded annually to the school 
with the best overall athletic pro-
gram - is a championship UCSD 
knows well. Ever since their 1996 
inaugural year at the Division III 
level , the Tritons have either 
placed first. second or third. Last 
year marked UCSD's first -ever 
Sears Cup title, and the Tritons set 
out last fall to do it all over again. 

Theoretically, the Tritons still 
have a chance to repeat as the 
undisputed champion of Division 
III athletics this year. Realistically, 
however, it 's going to take a mira-
cle for UCSD to capture a consec-
utive Sears Directors' Cup cham-
pionship. 

national level. For example, a 
National Championship is worth 
100 points, runners-up receive 80 
points. a third-place finish garners 
60 points and so on. (This points 
system holds true for most major 
sports - like soccer. volleyball, 
football and baseball. for example 
- however, sports with fewer 
teams competing at the national 
are generally awarded fewer 
points. That is why our men's 
water polo team - despite its 
excellent third-place finish at 
Nationals - was only awarded 30 
points last fall) . 

This winter. it was the com-
bined efforts of the men's and 
women's swimming and diving 
teams that helped UCSD jump 
three spots in the standings. The 
men's team's third-place national 
finish earned the Tritons 60 
Directors' Cup points. The women 
also earned 60 points with their 
fourth place national finish. Also 
making a contribution was the 
women's fencing team. whose 
23rd place finish added 10 points 
to UCSD's Cup total. 

c ........ ,.... .... _ 
while the Tritons tallied 72. 

''The match against Point Lorna 
was a good preliminary for us," 
LaPlante said. ''I'm glad we won 
all our doubles." 

So now the Tritons roll into 
Ewing with a 14-2 regular season 
record. Unfortunately for UCSD, a 
possible second round matchup 
would be against Amherst College, 
the so-called "Beast of the East" that 
manhandled the Tritons in the first 
round of Nationals last year. Even if 
the Tritons can squeak through. they 
are still likely to face No. I Trinity 
University (Texas) in the third 
round. a team that handed UCSD 
one of it's only losses of the season 
back on April 4. Yet the Tritons are 
optimistic about their chances. 

"We have nothing to lose," 
LaPlante said. "We're just going to 
go out and play the best we can." 

But stranger things have hap-
pened in the world of sports -
like team USA's defeat of the 
USSR in hockey, or the Atlanta 
Falcons' 1999 NFC title - so 
Triton fans do not be weary. 
Currently, UCSD stands in sixth 
place, which is three spots better 
than its finish after the fall quarter 
tally. The Tritons' current cumula-
tive total of 250 points is 160 
points shy of Directors' Cup leader 
Williams College (Mass.). which 
has earned 420 points. 

While the Tritons covered 
some substantial ground in its 
Sears Cup standing this Pi'st win-
ter. Williams College - fall quar-
ter's co-leader - had solid results 
as well. With contributions from 
six intercollegiate squads includ-
ing a third-place finish in women's 
swimming and a fifth-place finish 
in women's basketball. the Ephs 
earned 210 winter quarter points. 

doubling their fall quarter total. 
John Barber / Guantian 

strong contention to make a huge 
impact by season's end. Women's 
water polo. women's tennis. men's 
golf. and men's and women's track 
and field are all in the hunt for the 
national title. 

Even if UCSD does get knocked 
out of the team competition at 
Nationals, they still have an opportu-
nity to not corne home empty-hand-
ed. Both Olsen and Nguyen will be 
vying for the singles Individual 
National Championship on May 8 
through 10. Olsen will also be com-
peting with Tadlock in the doubles 
competition. The individual champi-
onships include 32 of the best play-
ers in Division III while the doubles 
portion features 16 teams. Though the Williams College Ephs carry a substantial lead over 

the Tritons, the 160 point differ-
ence is not an impossible deficit to 
make up. Points are awarded 
according to a team's finish at the 

SMvIce provld«l by: 
. 

The Ephs may be leading the 
race for the Cup. but the Tritons 
are delinitely on the move. Last 
spring five UCSD teams earned 
crucial points that kept the Tritons 
atop the pack as the Cup went 
down to the wire. This spring. a 
number of Triton teams are in 

For more information, visit 
Irttp://www. nacda. com/sears/sears 
. index. 

Last year's bitter first-round 
loss to Amherst is still fresh in their 
mouths and the Tritons want 
revenge. If they can beat the Jeffs. 
they just might be able to take it all. 

ENTER TO WIN UCSD BOOKSTORE'S PACIFICEIBELL ClmDCIIJ hiS "'1 
blnlmllnl In Wlrellss. Wireless N "'~ · IIA~E 

AN ~wt${~:J{t M~M? ABSOLUTE LOWEST 
PRICE I" SA" DIEGOI 

Motorola 
6520 

Prlce:C811 

PRICED 
TOI 
lOW 
TI 

PRill 

Nokia 
5190 

PrIce:C811 

PRICED 
TOO 
lOW 
TO 

PRINT 

Nokia 
6190 

Price: Call 

PlICED 
TIl 
lIW 
TI 

PlIIT 

Call Now for Current Price! 
We Will 
~llal 
AnvAdvanlsad 

6755 Mira Me .. Blvd, ste 114 
(~J_&Olol105ln __ • 

(619J 622-1900 

Prlcll 

~ [ompCity CAlL _ lin"'" COWCITY-.. .uT_~I'IIICeOOl cauA.M _ ..... ACCa_ CMDIT -"CT TO __ AL. 
_ NID~_IPRCTM 

--. 

" , • . ,a f 'I . , I if • • 

co.r •• rr 
May 3-7, 1999 

If your Mom is'the Bomb, tell us the top ten reasons why. 
If your entry is selected, you'll win a $50.00 Bookstore Gift 
Certificate for yourself and another for your mother. 

-
---..--.....--, 
~HE'~ AH AWBOME MOM BE(AU~Eu. ~I 
~~~~~~~~~J 

"~~~~~~~~~1 

iI,1 • II~ fiII JII 

Monday, May 3, 1999 , The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 19 
. . 

Eight Seniors End Their UCSD Careers With Win 
TOURNAMENT: UCSD dropped their ftrst three games at the second-annual Triton Classic, but ftnished on a 'high note' as all 
eight seniors contributed en route to a 10-5 win over the Menlo College Oaks for third place in the two-day tournament 
By Brian Well •• 
Staff Writer 

The UCSD baseball team went 
out swingin' . That is the phra e 
mo t indicative of the Triton 'sea-
son and that is how our base-
ball team ended its year. 
UCSD piled on a 
respectable 29 runs in 
four games before 
falling to Menlo 
College , 15-9 , Cal 
Lutheran 6-4. and the 
Chapman Panthers 11-6, and 
then recaptured victory by stomp-
ing the Menlo Oaks 10-5 in the 
second-annual Triton Classic. The 
win over the Oaks pushed the final 
Triton season record above .500 to 
a 19-18 mark. 

"We had high expectations. 
we're a litt!e disappcinted, but we 
did some very good things this 
year." Coach Dan O'Brien said. 

UCSD began the weekend tour-
nament by witnessing the return of 
Menlo. The Oaks turned the tables 
in La Jolla after UCSD's 25-8 win 
over them last weekend at Menlo's 
field by putting together a high-
scoring affair that totaled 15 runs 
on 18 hits at the expense of silt 
Triton pitchers, including staner 
Eddie Ishak who gave up nine runs 
in five innings. Opposing starter 
FJ. Ritter did not fare any better by 
allowing 9 runs in 6 innings of 
work. yet the Oaks were able to 
stem the tide of the normally pro-
lific Triton bats. Ulises Gutierrez, 
who relieved Ritter in the seventh. 
managed to avoid another 
wretched performance like the one 
last weekend in which he allowed 
7 runs in I inning. Justin Weaver 
came on and shut down UCSD for 
the save. 

Next up was Cal Lutheran 
whose one-run victory and no-hit-
ter against UCSD earlier in the 
season left the Tritons salivating 
for revenge on Saturday. The 
Tritons picked up 4 runs in the 
first inning. Chad Addison. who 
has gone from back-up outfielder 
to an important staple in the Triton 
line-up. was hitting clean-up and 
went 3 for 3. Eric Thorpe hit a 

homerun along with Eric 
Schramm in the first inning, but 
that was all she wrote for UCSD 
- the loss nullified any chances 
of advancing to the championship 

in the Triton Classic. 
Senior John Gherini , 
who hands down 
deserves the award for 
the Division III pitch-
er who got the least 

run support when he 
needed it thi s year, went silt 

innings but received no offen-
sive backing after the first inning. 
Gherini exited after facing two 
batters in the top of the seventh -
thereby concluding a great career 
as a pitcher and leader on the 
UCSD baseball team. Cal 
Lutheran tied the score 4-4 in the 
seventh and took the lead when 
catcher Eric Medina singled home 
a run with runners on first and 
third 'and lout. 

On Sunday. the Tritons faced 
division rival Chapman. The 
Panthers jumped out to a 4-0 lead 
and added another one in the third. 
The Tritons made it a close ball 
game in the bottom of the fifth 
when with one out. Waymon 
Howze singled home Rampi 
Gulati. After a Kenny Fluhany 
groundout, Ryan Hill smashed a 
two-run homer to left, but the 
Panthers still held on to a 5-3 lead 
going into the fourth inning. 

The Panthers widened the gap 
in the eventh inning off a three-
run homer by clean-up hiller Eric 
Albright who went 2 for 5 with 4 
RBI's in the game. The Tritons 
came back with two more in the 
bottom of the inning to make it 8-
5. but Chapman won the baltle by 
outscoring UCSD 3-1 in the final 
two innings to win 11 -6 and send-
ing UCSD to an afternoon 
rematch with Menlo for third 
place. 

The Tritons got their retribution 
against the Oaks by winning 10-5. 
In a game where all the seniors 
staned including Dave Takehara on 
the mound in his first stan since 
coming off surgery, the Tritons 
showed off their bats once again 

SPECIAL EDITION 

Call 534-3466 for info and to RESERVE SPACE 
10% OFF 

.. •• rt. ,... III or ' ''' 

Usa Huff/ Guardian Stronc a.ts: The Tritons were generally strong from the plate this season. During this weekend's 
Triton Classic, the UCSD offense accounted for 29 runs. Unfortunately, the defense gave up 37 runs. 
with a 5 run fourth inning and 4 
runs in the seventh inning. With the 
bases loaded and 2 outs, Chad 
Addison knocked in 2 runs and 
went 3 for 3 again in the tourna-
ment. 

"We had a tough weekend. but 
we had fun in the end by ending the 
season on a high note and having 
all the seniors playing," said 
O' Brien. 
SenIor Reflect~ 

mates have been good on and off 
the fieid . I'm glad that I spent this 
last year with such a great bunch of 
guys," said Fluharty 

"I've learned ti me manage-
ment for sure. People don't realize 
how much time we put into the 
spon. Some guys show up an hour 
early to a two o'clock practice 
each day. We get to a road trip 
game two hours early and it can 
add up to a 10-hour day. 
Basically, it's-like a full-time job, 
plus some guys have other jobs on 
top of thaI. The coach is like a 
boss. [As a player,) you have to be 
disciplined and take orders. 
Working with teammates is like 
working with co-w6rkers. Other 
people I've worked with [during) 
a regular job are not like athletes 

that devote a lot of time and 
effort," said Myers 

"We had great camaraderie on 
our team. Winning is great, but 
when it all comes down ' it, it was 
the memorable times spent with the 
other guys which is the best thing 
that came out of our year," said 
Pelletier 

"Coach O'Brien - you could-
n't ask for a better person in terms 
of helpiilg the program. [He) and 
the rest of the coaching staff have 
put in 110 percent in the work 
they 've done with the team. 

I've played all four years and 
every team we've had. the group of 
guys has been good. In the long 
run, that's what you're going to 
take away from college baseball. ... 
said Gherini. 

For seniors Flu~arty, Gulatr, Eir 
Reichline. Takehara. David Myers, 
Gherini, Steve Pelletier and 
Schramm, Sunday's late game ver-
sus Menlo would be each of their 
last in a blue and gold uniform. 
The following is some of their 
thoughts and reflections on this 
season, their baseball careers at 
UCSD and how they 've been 
enrichIng for them: 

"I've had some good eltperi-
ences. It 's been great hangin' out 
with the guys on ~he team and com-
peting. Almost all my friends have 
come through the baseball team. 
We' would've liked to make the 
playoffs this year, but my team-

1ST VS. CAl.. UJ'1'fJERAN 
R H • 

. "' . 6i.4 0 
4 13 2 

raMesa 
SELF STORAGE 'LLC 

7044 Flanders Drive 
." CLEAN, SECURE, FRIENDLY STAFF 
~ HILTON1M QUALITY AT MOTEL 81M PRICES 

." ALL GROUND FLOOR UNITS." NO SECURITY DEPOSIT or ADMIN. FEES 
~ CALL FOR IUAB.DID BEIEBWION WITH CREDIT CARD 

" PLAN AHEADI RlSERVE NOWI 

Ird MONTH FREE 
5x5'. Ie 5xl0'. 

... 



20 SPORTS 

.,........" 

..... DeI .... 
"""- - _ ... ~.,." tr'**'I 

"" file ... 0pM. • 
- The cuy to the left 

rldln,thoR_o 

The UCSD Guardian 

UC5D storms into the NCAA Division III National Championships at College 
of New Jersey on a mission to make some noise at the "Big Dance" Booze Bucket 

Jake Gordon 

Serious? No. 
Drunk? Yes. 

GARDEN STATE 
Everyone was on edge. The 

contest could tum on one pitch, 
one swing or one cup of beer 
pounded too slowl y. It was the 
annual Guardian versus Koala 
Softball/Slo hball Slugfest and 
the gloves came off in this battle 
of newspaper supremacy. There 
was no telling who would pre-
vail. The teams were just too 
evenly matched. On one side, 
tho e marsupial bastards and on 
the other. the defenders of all that 
is decent and holy, the intrepid 
Guardian softball juggernaut. 

Of course, in oftball , the 
core is always secondary to 

drinking. In an emoti onal 
pregame ceremony, both teams 
took their hats off for the 
national anthem and, in lieu of a 
nag, faced the keg gleaming 
brilliantly ai econd base. 

Monday, May 3, 1999 

The rules were simple -
you get three pitches to hit the 
ball and before you can round 
second base, you must pound a 
full cup of beer. The rules also 
allowed as many people as nec-
es ary to be at second base at 
once, to give the notoriously 
pitiful Koala drinkers a snow-
ball 's chance in hell. 

Usa Huff/Guardian 
For ........ : Senior Maria Nguyen was 15-1 for the Tritons this year, leading her team into Nationals. 

The intensity was palpable as 
the team hit the field. There was 
a lot at stake here, yet there was 
also a lot of beer to be drunk. The 
game began with the GUflrdian 
obviously out drinking the Koala. 
Yet, this performance somehow 
seemed to backfire. As the game 
wore on, fielding became a lot 
harder as motor skills broke down 

. from intoxication. 
For my part at third base. I 

became an expert at knocking 
the ball down with my chest. 
fundamental baseball that my 
Li ttle League Coach used to 
drill me on. Of course, with my 
glove on one hand and my 
frothy cup of sud in the other, 
picking the ball up was another 
matter entirely. Suffice to say, 
the Koala got a lot of lucky hits. 
Despite my inebriated inepti -
tude, the rest of the faithful 
Guardian staff battled hard and 
the game was neck and neck 
most of the way. This newspa-
per was out for blood. 

Our squad was led by Editor 
in Chief Wall "Shoele " 
Dickinson, Marc "Homer" 
Comer, Lisa "Tough" Huff, 
"Orange" Julius Choi, "Bashin'" 
Brian Wikner, Jessica "Orenthal 
J." Schepp mann, Scott "Meister" 
Yager and Nick "Me Fast When 
l" Runco as well as Managing 
Editor Julia "('II just head back to 
fir t even though there's some 
guy already there" Kulla-Mader. 
Unfortunately, faithful GUflrdian 
sports writer Brian "David" 
Welles couldn't make it and 0 

See COLUMN, Page 15 

By Jake Gordon 
Sports Editor 

All season long, the team 
fought hard to be in this position. 
Now it's official. The UCSD 
women's tennis squad is one of the 
best in Division III. Now the 
Tritons are going to New Jersey to 
prove it. After finishing the regular 
season with three straight victories 
over Pomona-Pitzer, Claremont 
College and Point Loma Nazerene 
College, Head Coach Liz 
LaPlante's squad is taking its 
game to the 1999 CAA Division 
III Women 's Tenni Champion· 

ship at the College of New Jersey 
beginning tomorrow. 

The Tritons are seeded fifth 
out of the 14 teams com-
peting for the National 
Championship and will . 
face Mary 
Washington 
College (Va.) in 
the first round. 
The Eagles were one 
of the last teams to qual-
ify for Nationals and 
LaPlante is happy about her 
team's chance. 

"We should definitely win our 

fir t round match," LaPlante said. 
"Everybody who goes to 
Nationals is good, but we're 
much stronger than last year." 

The Tritons will go into 
their match in New 

Jersey on a big roll. 
Since the team 
improved its dou-
bles play, the dif-

ference is obvi -
ous. Instead of the usual 

No. I and No. 2 pairing, 
LaPlante has recently matched 

o. I Kirsten Olsen with No. 3 
Lyndsay Tadlock while pairing 

Extra-Inning Ending for' UCSD 
TIE-BREAKERS: The Tritons win their final two games in extra innings 
By Travis Hill 
Associate Sports Editor 

Some coaches talk about fini sh· 
ing seasons on a good note; they 
want to have something positive to 
build on for the next campaign. 

If how a team finish~s a 
sea on is any indication 
of how good the fol-
lowing year will be, 
the UCSD softball 
squad might be bringing 
home some serious hard-
ware next spring. 

The Tritons closed out their 
1999 campaign with a spectacular 
sweep of Cal Lutheran University, 
1-0, and 7-6, both in extra innings. 
The pair of wins brought UCSD's 
final record to 23-14. Last 
Wednesday, Head Coach Patti 
Oerckens' troops split a double-

header with La Verne University. 
The Sunday sweep was espe-

cially sweet for the Tritons because 
they did it to Cal Lu, one of their 
biggest rivals. Neither quad is 

playoff bound this season, 
however, both teams are 

over .500 and are 
extremely competitive. 
Especially when they 
step onto the field 

agai nst each other. 
"It was a great way to 

end the season," Oerckens 
said. 'We got behind but we never 
gave up. Everyone contributed. I'm 
very proud of all of them." 

Both games were absolute wars, 
and the regulation seven innings 
were not enough to settle either 
game. In the morning matchup, 
Oerckens put her ace on the 

mound, freshman superstar Leea 
Harlan, who came into the outing 
with a sparkling 14-6 record. She 
faced off against Carrie Hardey, 
who had a 2- I record for the 
Regals. 

It seemed like a mismatch on 
the hill , but Hardey was up to the 
challenge. She had her best stuff 
working, and went out for out 
against Harlan, who was pUlling 
together another outstanding per-
formance . When the first four 
innings were through, both teams 
were deadlocked at 0-0, with no 
runs in sight. The Tritons had 
moved one runner, cenler fielder 
Cynthia Sam, to third, where she 
was stranded. Harlan had a no-hit-
ter going. 

Harlan lost her no-hit bid in the 
See 1OF1'8AU., Page 15 

No. 2 Maria Nguyen with No. 4 
Yen Yen Ho. This staggered seed 
solution has strengthened both 
top pairings and rejuvenated a 
Triton team that now seems 
unstoppable. On April 9, UCSD 
trounced Pomona-Pitzer 6-3, win-
ning two of the three crucial dou-
bles prosets. On April 10, UCSD 
waxed Claremont 7-2, again 
claiming two doubles p'rosets. On 
April 27, the Tritons all but oblit-
erated Point Loma in a 9-0 past-
ing. In singles, UCSD allowed the 
Crusaders to win only 13 games 

See TENNIS, Page 18 


