
Elsewhere 
Duke Mourns Loss 
With Fire 
DURHAM, N.C. - In the 
moments after their men 's 
basketball team lost the 
NCAA basketball champi-
onship game, shocked Duke 
University students respond-
ed by running around the area 
after stripping off their shirts. 
Some students also lit a small 
blaze. Item ' sacrificed to the 
fire include an overstuffed 
recliner, a mannequin . three 
benches, a piano. a bathroom 
door and a ping-pong table. 
Students also began chanting 
"We're number two." Some 
residents blasted Aerosmith's 
"Cryin'" from their residence 
halls. Engineering freshman 
Dan Librot likened the Duke 
loss to his favorite uncle 
passing away. Normally, stu-
dents bum benches and other 
items after a victory. 

- The Chrollicle 

OffIci ... Fight to 
Use of Drug 
GAINESVILLE, Fla. - A 
street drug called "Special K" 
has hccome increasingly pop-
ular among college students. 
Officials from University of 
Florida and the government 
are trying to monitor the drug 
closely. Ketal)1ine is some-
times used as an anesthetic 
for hur·lans. but is most often 
used for animals. pharmacies 
and veterinarians' offices 
have been targets of burglar-
ies due to people attempting 
to gain access to the drug. 
Ketamine acts as a powerful 
hallucinogen and was devel-
oped in the 1960s as a gener-
al anesthetic. The drug can 
also cause seizures, respirato-
ry and cardiac arrests, and 
fever. 
- Illdepelldelll Florida AlIigaJor 

Ylru.lny ..... 
Addr_Books 
EAST LANSING, Mich. -
Grant Linke, director of field 
experience for James 
Madison College at Michigan 
State University, received an 
e-mai l with fireworks and a 
text reading "Happy New 
Year 1999." As he often 
does. he sent the message to 
his college's listserv of 1,200 
people. Minutes later, how-
ever, he discovered that the 
e-mail was infected by a 
virus. Just like the viruses 
"Melissa" and "Poppa," this 
virus clogs e-mail accounts 
and sends infected messages 
in mass quantities. Though 
the "Happy 1999" virus does 
not cause permanent damage, 
it does affect files and 
remains in the computer until 
taken out by special soft-
ware. 

- The Stare News 

Spoken ••• 
"It is not about what is 
good for UCSD, it is 
about what a 
community can do. " 

- Cecil Lytle 
Marshall College Provost 

See story at right 

Internet: www.ucsd.edu/guardian 
E-mail: gusrdis"ucsd.edu 

Ninjas Sbike Back Conflict Up.Down :rc 
Ex-art teacher lonathan More and Writer questions U.S. The Triton hardbaLlers ~ en 
computer programmer Matt Black rock the military involvement in knocked off last year:S- a=: 
music scene as Ninja Tune Balkans ' crisis National Champions ::» 

Hiatus, page 9 Opinion, page 4 Sports, page 20 :z: .... 

T H E U C D 

UC SAN DIEGO THURSDAY, APRIL I, 1999 

PREUSS SCHOOL 

julius Choi/Guardian 
The DIC: Five students from San Diego schools helped to break ground at the new 
Preuss School on Tuesday_ Construction is expected to be completed by fall 2000. 

Ground Broken for School 
CEREMONY: Campus and 
community leaders gather to watch 
groundbreaking of Preuss School 
By VIncent G' ..... nl 

• Senior Stsff ~ter 
UCSD Chancellor Robert Dynes and other 

university and community leaders gathered 
Tuesday moming to break ground for the S 13.1 
million Preuss School at UCSD. Construction 
of the school, which will be located on the east 
side of campus between Genesee Avenue, Voigt 
Drive and Campus Point Drive, is expected to 
be completed in the fall of 2000. 

Next fall. the Preuss School will open in a 
temporary location on the Thurgood Marshall 
college campus. It will accept 150 students 
from grade six through eight. The students will 
be chosen by lottery from a pool of over 500 
applications. 

The Preuss School will gradually expand 

until it acco":,modates 700 sixth through 12th 
grade students in the year 2003. 

The mission of the Preuss School is to pre-
pare low-income and educati onally under-
served students for admission and graduation 
from a prestigious university. One of the admis-
sion requirements is that students' parents may 
not have graduated from a four-year universi ty. 

The groundbrcaking ceremony consisted of 
a series of speeches followed by fi ve elemen-
'tary school students performing the actual 
groundbreaking. Four of Ihe students are appli-
cants to the Preuss School and all are students 
in UCSD's Partners at Leaming/Summerbridge 
program. 

Dynes said the groundbreaking ceremony 
was a historic event. 

. "This morning we move confidently from 
imagination to reality," Dynes said. "We will 
not just break ground for a new school; we will 
break new educational ground." 

See SCHOOL, Page 3 

VOLUME 97, ISSUE 2 

UCSD Places 
High in U.S. 
News' Rankings 
NUMBERS: Bioengineering 
ranked second in u.s. News & 
World Report survey 
By Abby Holcomb 
Guardian Reporter 

A repOl1 released on March 19 by u.s. 
News alld World Report ranked UCSD's 
graduate programs in engineering. medicine 
and sciences among the nation 's best. 

The results will be published in the mag-
azine's year 2000 "America's Best Graduate 
Schools" issue and guidebook, which wi ll 
be available on newsstands Tuesday, April 
6. . 

The Irwin and Joan Jacobs School of 
Engineering at UCSD garnered a number of 
high rankings for its programs. The depart-
ment of bioengineering ranked second in the 
United States, topped only by Johns 
Hopkins University. 

The computer science and engi neering 
department ranked 25th among comparable 
programs. The engineering school itself 
moved up one spot from last year, earning a 
ranking of No: 20, which is up from a rank-
ing of No. 43 from five years ago. 

The UCSD School of Medici ne also 
placed high among competing scbools in the 
nation with an overall ranking of 22nd. 
Additionally, the school's A.I.D.S. program 
garnered an eighth place rank, and its neuro-
science and drug/alcohol programs were 
listed in 10th place. 

UCSD also ranked 17th in the nation in 
biological studies and 18th in physics pro-
grams. Additionally, the cell biology pro-
gram and the biochemistry program were 
both listed in eighth place in their respective 
rankings. 

The geology program ranked 11th with 
its geophysics specialty listed in ninth place_ 
The mathematics department ranked as 17th 
in the nation. 

Vice Chancellor fOf Research and Dean 

See u.s. NEWS, Page 7 

Heart Attacks, New York Have a Connection 
STUDY: UCSD research team 
discovers chances of cardiac arrest 
increase when visiting New York 
By Rajlnde, Sckhon 
Guardian Reporter 

The re ults of a recent study completed by a 
team of UCSD researchers show that a per 'on 
visi ting New York City is 134 percent more like-
ly to die from a ~eart attack than a person visit-
ing any other major city in the U.S. 

The study was coordinated by UCSD 
Profes ors Nicholas Christenfeld and David 

Phillips, who were accompanied by former 
UCSD graduate students Laura Glynn and lI an 
Shrira. The research was conducted by examin-
ing the death certilicates from 1985- 1994 of the 
residents and vis itors of the ten major urban cen-
ters in the U.S.: New York . Los Angeles, 
Chicago, Houston, Philadelphia, San Diego, 
Dallas, Phoenix, Detroit , San Antonio and San 
Jose. 

The study of the death certificates for the 
years of 1985-1994 for New York City resident 
and its visi to~ found that New York has a 
remarkably high heart attack rate in comparison 
with the other major cities of the U.S. 

The study also found that New York City res-
idents are 155 percent more likely to experience 
a heart attack than the other cities' residents. 
People li ving in New York can later experience 
a reduction in their heart attack rate once they 
leave New York. 

Studies in the past have recorded the high 
ri sk of heart auacks for New York resideflls, but 
Christenfeld said that this study is the first to 
recognize the high rate of heart attacks among 
visitor to New York and the decrease in heart 
auack rate that occurs among ew York resi-
dents once they leave the ci ty. 

See HEART, Page 7 



2 NEWS 

UCSD EVENTS 
Thursday 
Films: 'Enemy of the State I 

Enjoy this action-packed Will Smith movie at 7 p.m. and 10 p.m. in the 
Price Center Theater. Admission for students is $2. For more information, 
ca ll 534-3362. 

Frida 
Music: Sugar Ray 

Enjoy this free MTV concert in RIMAC Arena at 8 p.m. Limited num-
ber of tickets available to guests of UCSD students. For more information, 
call 534-8497. 

Event: M1V Campus Invasion 
The Free MTV Campus Invasion Daytime Village will offer a chance 

to experience new music, get tips from House of Style, win concert tick-
ets and more. The Village will be open from II a.m. to 5 p.m. on Warren 
West Field. 

Food: Bagel Break 
Eat free bagels as a reminder to vote at 8 a.m. on Library Walk. 

Theater: "Krapp ~ Last Tape" 
Guest art ists from San Quentin Drama Workshop will perform this 

Samuel Beckett play at 8 p.m. in a location to be announced. The show 
repeats on April 3. Admission for students is $6. For more information, 
call 534-4574. 

Saturda 
Dance: The Bunny Hop 

The LGBTA welcomes you to their next non-sexist dance, called "The 
Bunny Hop," with D1 Doctor Trae from 9 p.m. to I a.m. at Porter 's Pub. 
Admission is free as arc refreshments and snacks. 

Sunday 
Roma Nights Music: Josh Everette 

Josh Everette wi ll he perl()rming at Espresso Roma al 8 p.m. For more 
information, call 503-0!!63. 

GUARDIAN 
WALT DICKINSON 

/:"eli/or in C/ller 
JULIA KULLA·MAOER & MEGAN SMITH 

MUlIuqll1.q EeI,/ors 
TABITHA GRANSHAW & LAURA KN IGHTEN 

('OP.1I f:eI,/ors 
LEENA SHANKAR & ERIKA SNIDER 

Nt!.u's f~'dllors 
JESSICA SCHEPPMANN 

Feu/ure.1 /:.lI,/or 
MARC COMER 
OPl1l101l EeI,/or 

WARD HAN 
A'i.WJciule ()pi11l(m EUI/or 

JAKE GORDON & JOHN MAYNARO 
Spor/.I EeI,/or.1 

TRAVIS Hill 
Assocw/e Sports t.'eli/or 

LINDSAY SWORSKI 
lIiu/us Eeli/or 

DAVID LEE 
AssoCiute lIiutu., Eeli lor 

LISA HUFF 
Photo f.·elitor 

JOHN BARBER 
Gruphics t.'ditor 

NICK RUNCO 
Des~Qn Eeli/or 

BRIAN WIKNER 
Web Ed,/or 

EDITORIAL ASSISTANTS Jesse Fisher Ward Han. NllOU MOSlaf. , Scott Shibata 
SENIOR STAff WRITERS 

John Barber. Jeff Barker. B.II Burger. Genevieve Cox. Theodore Dokko. Vincent GragnaOl, M ary 
Hlggms. laura Knighten . Dave lubltz. Annum Manthuam. Nllou Mosta ti. Jenny NiCholson, 

Simone Sanunl . Mark Smith. Tommy Vu, Scott Yager 
STAff WRITERS 

Jenna Barclay, Shannon CasUe, Brent Don. Bertrand Fan, Kan Fnedman. Brooke Garreu son. 
Jenrufer Grady. Jeremy Gray. Sula Kim, Array Mynck, Ctlflstlne Pangan. Jacob Schechter, Eve Senuty 

ILWSTRATORS 
Mike Belle, Kristine Chang. Austin Hsla. Alice lin. Joe Pan . Josephine Roberts. Nk:holas Runco 

DESIGNERS Karen Tran . Thomas weng 
COPY READERS Alison NoHlS. Kev10 Byrne 

WEB DESIGNERS Sam Payne-Tlngleff. Mark Sl lckel 
COMPUTER SUPPORT Davod Glicksman 

MIKE MARTINEZ 
Atlvertistn!l Ar t Direclor 

ANN BAAmELO 
Bu~ines,f Manager 

BROCK HALTER 
Aelver/ising Manuger 

YVEnE ALCALA 
Assistunt Business Munu.qer 

AOVERTISING ASSISTANT Melody Gon, oles 
CIRCULATION ASSISTANTS 

Jason Allen . Phillip Goldman. Ethan levy, Jacob M eyberg, Brady Phelps, Nate Smith 
ADVERTISING DESIGN" LAYOUT John Barber. Casey Bultenhuys. Joe Pan 

The UCSD Guardian IS pu~lshed Mondays and ThurSdays during the academiC year by and for 
the students of UCSO. ReprOduction of IhlS newspaper In any form. whether In whole or In 
part . Without permiSSion ~s strictly Pfohlblted. C 1999. all fights reser ved. The UCSD Guardran 
IS nol responSible for the re turn of unsolicited manuscripts or art. The ViewS eltpressed herein 
dO not necessanly represent the opinions of The UCSD GuardIan. the UniverSity of Cahfornia or 
the ASSOCiated Students, TIle UCSD Guardian IS funded solely by adver t iSing. 
I hke lhe nightlife I like 10 boogie ... - w 0 

News/ Features: 534·5226. General Edlto/ial: 534·6581 
OpInion/ Sports ' 5346582. Hiatus: 534~583 
Adverl' slng Oft,ce: 534·3466. Fa • . 534 7691 

e mOIL guardtDn@ucsd cdu 
Guardian Onlrne· hlrp./ / www.ucsd.cdul guardlan/ 

UCSD Guardian, 9500 Gilman Drive 0316, 
La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 

AClualloC6l10n: 5 !Cond Floor UCSD Sludenl Cenlel BUilding ·A· . Rm . 217 

The UCSD Guardian 

ETCETERA 
OfafearHeR BY JOHN BaRBeR 
o.11NY reN6UIN MYSTeRIOUSLY HaTC~ H16H 

BRIEFLY ••• 

Fire Damages Rooms in Mayer Hall 
A fire damaged several rooms in Mayer Hall during 

Spring Break. No one was injured in the fire, which 
resulted in more than $100,000 in damages. Its 
cause is still under investigation . 

Two engines and a hazardous material team 
responded to an alarm call at approximately 3:30 
a.m., March 25. 

The fire began In room 2127 , on the south side of 
the second floor of Mayer Hall , said John Schmidt, a 
safety specialist with UCSD's fire and safety depart· 
ment. The room, in a building used predominantly by 
the physics department, is a metallurgy lab, where 
metals are fabricated and tested, Schmidt said. Also 
stored in the room are acids and flammable liquids. 

Most of the damage to the metallurgy lab and to 
adjacent rooms was due to water, rather than to the 
fi re. Due to precautions built into a lab of this type, 
the fire was well-contained. No toxins were detected in 
water from the fire, Schmidt said. 

Workers from UCSD's physical plant are currently 
assessing and clearing the damage to Mayer Hall. It is 
not yet determined when the labs will be reopened. 

Film Festival to Take Place at ' 
UCSD from April through June 

Through June 4, UCSD's University Events Office 
will sponsor The San Diego International Rim Festival 
(SDIFF), during which a number of films will be 
screened at UCSD. Eleven films are scheduled for 
April. 

Some of the films that will be screened this month 
are: Dreamlife of Angels (France), April 13; Brother 
(Russia), and The Shoe (Lativa/Germany), . April 15; 
Better Living (USA) and River of Gold (Portugal), April 
27 ; Cha/o America (India) and Fishing with Ghandi 
(USA), April 28, and David 's Slimmer (Italy) and 
Passion (Hungary), April 29. 

Each of these films will have its San Diego screen-
ing in Mandeville Auditorium. They will not be shown in 
local theaters. 

The first film of each evening will be screened at 7 
p.m., and the second will be screened at 9 :15 p.m. 
Tickets fo r students are $4, and general admission is 

$6 . For more information call 534-0497 or 
http:;/ueo.ucsd.edu/ ueo/ 1990callforentries.html. 

SIO Researcher Awarded . Honor 
For lifetime Achievement 

Edward Goldberg, chemistry professor en leritus at 
Scripps Institut ion of Oceanography (SIO), has been 
honored by the American Society of Limnology and 
Oceanography (ASLO) with the 1999 Ruth Patrick 
Award for Environmental Problem Solving in the 
Aquatic Science for his life·long scientific research 
achievements in marine pollution. 

Goldberg was recognized for sustained contribu-
t ions to the identification and qualification of marine 
pollution and for integrating scientific information into 
publ ic policy. 

He is the first recipient of this newly established 
ASLO award, created to honor outstanding research 
by scientists in the appl ication of basic principles of 
aquatic science to the identi fication , analysis and 
solution of important environmental problems. 

HIgh-Tech Leade,. to Discuss 
U.S. Competitive Strength 

The San Diego Science and Technology Council 
(SCSTC) will meet at 5 p.m. on Tuesday, April 6 at the 
Hyatt Regency in La Jolla to discuss America 's place 
in the next decade as the world 's preeminent innova-
tor. 

The conference will focus on a recent in-depth 
report by the Council on Competitiveness that states 
that the U.S. commitment to innovation has weak-
ened. 

The speakers at the event will include William 
Hambrecht, chair of the Council of Competitiveness, 
Ben Shapiro, executive vice president for Worldwide 
Basic Research of Merck & Co., Inc., and Maurice 
Holmes, director of the Center for Innovation and 
Product Development at the Massachusetts Institute 
of Technology. 

For more information, call 534·8400 or e-mail 
Cecilia Lee at clee@er.ucsd.edu. 

Thursday, April I , 1999 

SCHOOL: 
Regent said UCSF may 
develop a charter school 
Continued from ..... 1 

Dynes credited Mar hall 
Provost Cec il Lytic for developing 
the idea for a charter school at 
UCSD. 

" Whilc the success of thi s 
school may breed a Ihou 'and 
founders, and it probably will. ICI 
me sel the record siraight today: 
This school is the brainchild of 
Cecil Lytle," Dynes said. " Withoul 
his conviction and resilience, we 
would not be here loday." 

Lytle said Ihat the Preuss school 
represents the cooperation of many 
parts of the communilY. 

"The important thing about thi s 
project .. , is Ihat it is about a COI1l -
munity," Lytle said. " It is not about 
what is good for· UCSD, it is about 
what a communilY can do." 

The Preuss School is named 
after UC Regent Peter Preuss and 
his family, who donated S5 million 
to the con truction of the school. 

At the ceremony, Preuss said 
that the school hilS a very .wide 
range of supporters. 

"We have strong support on the 
far left and the far right and every-
one in the middle," Preuss said. 

Preuss ' added that he helieves 
imitation is thc best flattery and said 
that UC San Francisco is looking 
into huilding a charter school on its 
campus. The Preuss School will be 

. the firsl charter school in the state to 
be located on a univcrsity campus. 

Dynes said that UCSD's efforts 
to build a charter school coincided 
with Alan Bersin's appointment as 
superintendent of the San Diego 
Unified School District. Dynes said 
that Bersin's support of the Preuss 
School was instrumental in creal-
ing the school. 

Bersin said that hc believes the 

*Raund trip flight, 
* :aa-aa D.y .u .. alln •• 

UNLIMIT.a .... v.1 p •••• 

.. As •• ....., •• 
will do .hat I ..... ,. 
do: teach, .... r., 
Insplr. and 
Influ.nce SO 
chlldre •• verywhere 
will benefit." 

- Doris Alvarez 
Preuss School Principal 

school will he a means toward 
racial and ethnic equality in educa-
tion. 

"It is a statement that we cannot 
as a community permit the academic 
achievement gap hetween [ethnic 
groups I," Bersin said. " A community 
divided like that will nOl be the com-
munity we want for our children." 

Bersin added that the San Diego 
Uniticd School District will contin-
ue to support the Preuss School. 

" I know I speak for our hoard 
when I say we are committed to 
going all the way with UCSD and 
the Preuss School," Bersin said. 
"We will succeed on behalf of our 
students." 

Preuss School Principal Doris 
Alvarez also spoke at the ceremo-
ny. Alvarez, whom the White 
House named Principal of the' Year 
in 1997, is the former principal of 
Hoover High School in San Diego. 

Alvarez said the Preuss School's 
academic standards will prepare its 
students to attend a university. 

"These students will be given 
extraordinary opportunilies to 
become prepared and ready for 
attending a college university," 
Alvarez said . "They will be com-
fortable wilh a rigorous course of 
study and at home with the univer-
si ty culture." 

Alvarez said thai the school will 
be a center of educalional innovation. 

" A s the teach~rs and I and the 

The UCSD GUlirdian 

university work together, we hope 
to be breaking ground on new ideas 

.for teaching and learning, usc of 
technology, operati ng a school, 
using resources and, of course, 
accountability," Alvarez sa id. " A s 
we learn, we will do whal leaders 
do: teach, share, inspire and influ-
ence so children everywhere will 
henefit. " 

Student Regenl M ax Espinoza 
also attended the groundbreaking 
ceremony. Espinoza said he attend-
ed the event because he thinks ii . 
was a historic one. 

"II is an important and historic 
momenl for the university, the city, 
the statc and thc children we are 
working so hard to provide oppor-
tunities for," Espinoza said. " I 
wouldn' t have missed Ihis for the 
world." 

Brittanie Evans, a li flh-grade 
student at Freese Elementary 
School, was one of the students 
who 'hoveled the fir t mounds of 
dirt in the groumJbreaking. 

Evans, al 0 a Preuss School 
applicant, said she applied to the 
Preuss School because she hopes it 
will prepare her t go to UCSD. 

" I think this s a very good 
school," Evans said. " I want to be a 

pedia~rician , and UCSD has a real-
ly good medical school." 

Evans' father Carmen Evans said 
that as a 32-year resident of San 
Diego, he always hoped his daugh-
ter would go to UCSD. He also said 
he hoped thc Preuss School would 
help her to get into UCSD . 

" I think it 's a really good oppor-
lunity for her to go to college, 
something me and her mother were 
not able to do," Evans said. 

Alvarez aid she would begin 
sorting through applications on 
Wednesday. Only those studenls 
who meet the school 's requirements 
will be placed in the lottery. Letters 
of notification of selection should 
be sent to parents by April 15. 

1663 
T_ n<>I; .,.,...".,. 

EuroIinee passes available aeparatlay 

,worldtravellinl<s, 

NEWS 3 

ON THE INTERNET 

--- --

CIIIIII 

Costa Verde Shopping Center • 8650 Genesee Ave., Ste. 200 
457-9500 

* * * 3 ¢ SELF SERVE COPIES * * * 
Expires April IS. 1999 

* ~ ... roy X'lng •• nd t: ... naf .... 
* A11 ... av.laa ... wh.n 

ualng tIh. n •• _a.-k. 
*V.lld In 4-Cltl •• 

Serving UCSO For 
Over 30 Years 

-CAMERAS 
-LENSES 

• CAMCORDERS 
-BINOCULARS 
-DARKROOM 

SUPPUES 
All ,,1' D,scolJnt pl'lces' 

UCSD pO's dcce 'ted' 

459·7355 
7720 Fay Ave, La Jolla CA 
www.bobdaviscamera.com 

30% 
Teeth Whitening 

100io Off 
General Dentistry 
& Orthodontic 

Orthodontics • Oral Surgery 
TMJ Dysfunction 

General & Cosmetic D~ntistry 
...... .,...,.. .. 



4 OPINION 

EDITORIALS 
Editorial Board 

W8lt DIcId--, Editor in Chief 
Jull. Kut ........... , Managing Editor 
...,.. ....... , Managing Editor 

Mere: C-, Opinion Editor 
IEItkll SnIder, News Editor 

, .................. Copy Editor 

TM UCSD Gu",., IS pubhshed twa I wee6t III the University of C.hfOfn.a, SIWl.o.eto. Contents 
01999. VIeWS elpressed hefe" represent the mlfOOry YOle of the ed/tonll boIrd. and lie not 

necessarily those of the UC SOlid of Reeents. tne ASUCSO. not the entire GuardIan staff. 

Students, iAs to Benefit 
From Recent Elections 

Students throughout the University of California 
will benefit from last month 's decision of the UCLA 
teaching assistants who voted in favor of union repre-
sentation in their dealings with the UC administration. 

Although UC President Richard Atkinson stated 
last January that "collective bargaining for TAs is not 
in the educational interest of the university and its 
students," the universi ty intends to cooperate with the 
outcome of this recent election. 

The California Public Employment Relations 
Board (PERB), which organized the vote at UCLA, 
has scheduled ejections at seven other UC campuses, 
including UCSD. A representative of the Association 
of Student Employees/United Auto Workers 
(ASElUAW) union, Molly Rhodes, expects UCSD 
TAs to vote strongly in favor of union representation. 

These elections will bring an end to a 15-year-old 
dispute over whether TAs are principally students or 
have the right to collectively bargain with the univer-
sity as employees with a union. 

While the TAs are the real winners in this struggle, 
students across the UC system are also breathing 
sighs of relief with the knowledge that future classes 
will not face the possibility of disruptive protests 
such as last December's strike. 

It is good to see that the administration has not 
tried to draw this contlict out further and has com-
plied with the PERB elections gracefully. 

Disinterest Perpetuates an 
Excess of A.S. Advertising 

Once again spring has returned to UCSD. Students 
have flocked back to La 10lla rested, refreshed and 
excited with the promise of the season of rebirth. 
Unfortunately, along with the sunny skies, warmer 
weather and blooming flowers, mile after mile of 
election promotion material has sprung up all over 
campus. 

During national elections, ci ties habitually become 
littered with signs screaming "Yes!" and "No!" about 

. various propositions. However, no one can hold a can-
die to the A.S. candidates who wallpaper our campus 
with an onslaught of promotional material every spring. 

Our qualm, however, isn't with the candidates as 
much as it is with our campus community, which 
accepts and allows itself to be influenced by this 
mass of unimaginative and uninformative adveitis-
ing. The si mple reason that the candidates use this 
approach is that it works on us . 

However, if students wou ld resolve themselves to 
researching the issues that these candidates stand for, 
the advertising may lessen . Or at least not cover 
every square inch of campus. 

Props and Flops 

~ Ahhh!! It sure sucks that we have to pay so -:.. much for gas. Participate in No-Gas day on April 3D by not purchasing gas that day, and help drive prices hack down to a reasonable level. 
Thank you to all of the A.S . candidates, from ~ 

those ninning for president to the hopefuls for the , ' 
commissioners, for being good sports during the 
grueling Guardian editorial board interviews. . 

Not only does it stink that classes are so over-
crowded with students trying to crash courses, it 
is almost more annoying when other people's 
beepers and cell phones go otT in class, 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, April I, i999 

PINION 

Austin Hsla/ Guantlan 

u.s. UNWISELY MEDDLES WITH 
CONFLICT IN tHE BALKANS 

COMMENTARY: 
NATO is a safeguard for 
its members, not an 
agency for human rights 
By Theodore Dokko 
Senior Staff Writer 

On March 24, 1999 the United 
States of America, as the only 
remaining superpower in the world, 
decided it could wait no longer with 
the si tuation in the Balkans and exert-
ed its military niight. With the help of 
its North Atlantic Treaty Organization 
(NATO) allies, the United States initi -
ated air strikes agai nst the military 
forces of Serbian President Siobodan 
Milosevic. 

President Bill Clinton told the 
American people that we had the 
moral imperative to start the air raids 
on Kosovo in the face of the atrocities 
that were occurring. We as a country 
could not stand by and watch a brutal 
socialistic dictator kill thousands upon 
thousands of ethnic Albanians in 
Kosovo any longer. What the United 
States and its NATO allies demanded 
of Milosevic was that he come to the 
reace table and sign an agreement that 
wou ld allow for autonomy for the 
Albanian majority and a three-year 
peace-keeping force. The Serbian 
president refused to do so and the 
bombs started to fall. 

]t seems that the only right thing for 
the United States to do is to take that 
action that it has. It is repugnant to see 
leaders such as Milosevic go on geno-
cidal rages. Howe~er, heyond the 
moral implications, the NATO forces 
have no authority for doing what there 
are. When NATO was created, the pur-
pose of its founding was to have a 
de:ensive league. When one of the 
member nations was attacked by a for-
eign country, the other member 
nations had the obligation - because 
of their membership - to defend the 

When thousands of 
people were displaced 
by the genocidal 
rampages In Rwanda, 
the UnRed States 
decided not to 
Intervene. What Is 
occurring In the 
aalkans Is an Interna. 
civil war that h_ 
lasted for centuries. 
The racial hatred that 
Is present Is a resuR 
of ancient strife. 
attacked country. This has not been the 
case in what used to be known as 
Yugoslavia. No member nation of 
NATO has been attacked or even 
threatened by Serbian forces. 

In addition, the sovereignty of 
nations has always been of utmost 
importance in the world of intemation-
al politics. It is understood that all 
countries must respect each other's 
sovereignty and should ndt intervene 
in another's intemal affairs. It is esti-
mated by the United Nations that there 
are close to 90 different civil wars that 
are occurring at this very minute. 

Understanding their claims to sover-
eignty, the United States wisely 
decides to keep above the fray. As we 
learned from Vietnam, there is 
absolutely no reason for our country to 
get involved in another's politics when 
we have our own to worry about. 

Many will say that the United 
States must act in the face ofthe brutal. 
killings and ethnic cleansing that are 
occurring. It is very hard for us, who 
live in this post-Holocaust age, to do 
nothing when we hear of so many 
being killed simply due to their ethnic-
ity. However, it seems very partial for 
the United States to act in the way it 
does when, on the other hand; it does 
absolutely nothing about other civil 
wars and ethnically based genocides 
that occur every day in Asia and 
Africa. 

When thousands of people were 
displaced by the genocidal rampages 
in Rwanda, the United States decided 
not to intervene. What is occurring in 
the Balkans is an internal civil war that 
has lasted for centuries. The racial 
hatred that is present is a n:sult of 
ancient strite. It is foolish to assume 
that dropping million-dollar bombs 
and missiles in a mailer of days and 
weeks will be able to change what has 
been present for years. 

We as human beings have the 
moral responsibility to end mass 
murders because we have the power 
to stop them. The correct manner in 
which the world should act in the 
face of such future atrocities is to 
work together in large coalitions 
against such leaders as Milosevic. 
Such a forum is provided to the 
NATO countries in the Uni ted 
Nations. 

By using the power that the United 
States has in NATO instead of the 
United Nations, the United States is 
wandering into an unknown and very 
dark future. When attacking the 

See NA1'O Page 6 

Thuf$day, April I. 1999 The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

CENTERS EXPANSION GOOD, ASP FEE HIKE BAD 
Editor: 

While it is traditional for the 
president of the Associated 
Students to remain neutral during 
the annual spring elections, I would 
like to express my feelings on a 
few issues on the ballot because I 
believe their outcome will have a 
significant impact on the future of 
this university. 

First, ] would like to express my 
support for the expansion of the 
University Centers, fee referendum 
question number one. As the for-
mer Chair of the Universi ty 
Centers Advisory Board (UCAB), I 
have seen on a daily basis the limit 
to the services provided by the 
Price Center and the Student 
Center simply due to the lack of 
available space. As the president of 
the Associated Students, I continue 
to see it and hear about it from 
other students. 

The Price Center and the 
Student Center are two facilities 
that should serve the collective 
needs of the student body. Even 
wi th the lack of space within the 
centers, both the Price Center and 
Student Center have been an 
amazi ng contribution to this cam-
pus. Whether huying your morn-
ing hagel from the Food Co-op, 
mailing your leiter in the Price 

-Center post office, buying a prac-
tice test from A.S. Soft Reserves 
or studying in the 24-hour study 
lounge, both centers have con-
tributed to most students in a sig-
nificant way. 

Of course, anyone who has vis-
ited either the Price Center or the 

Student Center has faced the diffi-
culty of a cramped store or post 
office lobby, long lines or tratTic . 
through their study area. If you 
think it's crowded now, ju~t imag-
ine when there are over 5000 more 
students on this campus. 

The expansion will have the 
effect of adding additional space 
to hoth facilities. This additional 
space will have the effect of 
improved services. additional ser-
vices, additional conference 
rooms and more livable faci lities 
for all students, whatever your 
needs. 

The second issue that I think 
could have a signiticant impact on 
the future of thi s campus is the 
second fee referendum regarding 
the Academic Success Program. 
Contrary to my view on the first 
fee referendum, I believe the 
increase in the A.S. Activity Fee in 
such a way is not in the best inter-
ests of students for three reasons. 
First, the fee increase will set a 
bad precedent. Second, the 
increase would jeopardize the 
responsible management of stu-
dents ' money. Third, the programs 
should not be funded in the way it 
is proposed. 

First, if approved, Ihe 
Academic Success Program will 
be the first student organization 
that automatically receives money 
from the A.S. Activity Fee. This is 
the same fee where all student 
organizations receive their fund-
ing. While $1 each quarter seems 
like a small amount from each stu-
dent, the over $45,000 that the stu-

Letters t~g Editor 
The Guardian welcomes letters from 
its readers. All letters must be no 
longer than three pages, typed, dou-
ble-spaced and signed. Letters must 
also contain a phone number. We 
reserve the right to edit for length 
and clarity. Letters may be dropped 
off at the Guardian office on the 
second floor of the Old Student 
Center. Send al/ letters to: 

The UCSD Guardian 
Opinion Editor 

9500 Gilman Dr. 0316 
La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 

Fax: (619) 534·7691 
e-mail: guardian@ucsd.edu 

dent organization would receive 
each year would be a tempting 
option for all student organiza-
tions. If thi s incre<lse passes, an 
individual college could put an 
increase on the ballot and mobilize 
its students to vote for it. 

Second, the way the current 
A.S. Constitution is written, there 
is no guarantee for how that 
increase is managed. The A.S. 
Council has ultimate oversight over 
the increase. Because of this, even 
though students are voting to have 
this increase go toward the 
Academic Success Program, any 
A.S. Council can decide to redirect 
the funds into any other area of the 

A.S. budget. So while it seems as 
though students are paying for a 
particular program, it is likely that 
an A.S. Council will decide to cut 
all funding for the program and 
spend it on other student organiza-
tions (or some other area of the 
budget). 

Third, I have been opposed to 
this program from the beginning of 
its creation for a si mple reason. As 
a student , I do not want the money 
I spend for activities to go toward 
an academic program, especially 
an academic program that takes 
money from all students and bene-
fits so few. If the financial aid 
offi ce is not allocating enough 
money for the consideration of 
books and supplies, that issue 
should he addressed to make it fair 
for all students. 

There are also ways th at 
money could be spent 10 make 
books cheaper for all students as 
opposed to free for some. A pro-
gram started by the cu rrent 
Commissioner of Student 
Services and Enterprises Kasey 
Crawford called Bookswap.com 
is a valuable resource to make 
books more affordable for stu-
dents, 

Regardless of your views on the 
above issues, I urge all students to 
take the time to vote this year. Who 
you vote for and what you vote for 
really does make a significant dif-
ference to the future of this cam-
pus. Many campus elections in the 
past have been decided by only a 
few votes. 

Please take the time to make a 

difference on April 5, 6, 7 and 8. 
Joe Leventhal 

President, 
Associated Students 

Kazan Is a Hero for 
Informing the Public 
Editor: 

II is the leftists, not Elia Kazan, 
who shou ld have apologized during 
the Academy Awards ceremony. By 
testifyi ng truthfully before the 
House Un-American Activities 
Committee in 1952, Kazan demon-
strated integrity and courage. The 
Communists in Hollywood did not 
seek to exercise freedom of spccch 
by openly and honestly advocating 
their ideals. 

Rather, as novelist/screenwriter 
Ayn Rand wrote, 'Their purpose 
w(\s to corrupt non-political 
movies - by introducing small, 
casua l bits of propaganda into 
innocent stories - and to make 
people absorb the basic premises 
of Collectivism hy indirection and 
implication." By "naming names;' 
Kazan and others informed the 
public of the existence of 
Communist Party members in 
Hollywood. If the Communists 
suffered a loss of popularity and 
jobs as a result , that was the right 
of the non-Communist members of 
society who did not wish to be 
their pawns. 

Communism has been the most 
evi l and murderous totalitari .m 
movement in human history. The 

See LEnERS, Page 7 

~s .. c_ .. ELEC, ..... II .. NS 
YOUR VOICE IS INiPORTANT 

L"-=~""'II" ___ SS Price Center Library Walk Revelle Plaza Center Hall Library Walk 
AP&M Walkway Peterson Hall School of Medicine @ Club Med 

EXTR.4 PULLINS LOC.4TION 
SID @ Snack Bar (April 7 only) 

, ATTEND THE PRESIDENTIAL DEBATE 1 
_DilDAY. APRIL 5th ~ ... :aop_ - ..... _ 

i., In .he PRICE CENTER PLAZA I' 
* Present Your Ballot Stub at any Price Center Restaurant 

and receive a FREE Small Fountain Drink AuodJtecl Studtnta uc San Diego 



6 OPINION 

Do You Want to Be a Teacher? 
SCHOlARSHIP FOR BILINGUAL GRADUATES 
• Any Major • 3.2 GPA • Must Pass MSAT 

Must speak, read, write, translate Spanish/English 
SDSU Tuition Paid • A Paid Full-lime Elementary 

Teaching Position,$30,QOO/yr. • 2 yrs.lnnovative Training 
Program • BCLAD California Teaching Credential 

SAN DIEGO STATE UNIVERSITY 
hnp://coe.sdsu.edu/focus 
Mary Seppi • Policy Studies Dept 
594-5863 • e-mail: mseppi@mail 

The UCSD Guardian 

NATO: 
Serbian cooperation 
seems unlikely 
ContInued trOla .... _ 4 
Serbian forces, the United States 
hoped for a stop in the war-related 
atrocities. What was created by 
these attacks is the biggest refugee 
cri sis in Europe si nce World War 
II. What" was originally assumed 
was that Milosevic would have 
yielded to the demands that were 
presented before him, long before 

LEitERS: 
Communists had to 
be exposed by Kazan 
ContInueel froIn .... _ I 
system, which .the Hollywood 
Communists still refuse to con-
demn, had already killed over 20 
million innocent people by the 
I 950s. Robert Conquest's book 
The Harvest of Sorrow recounts the 
atrocities inflicted on the Russian 
peasantry by the Soviet Communist 
Party, which killed more than 14.5 
million . people between 1929 and 
1933 alone, more than all the bat-
tletield deaths by all countries in 
WorldWar.1. 

In The God that Failed, Arthur 
Koestler wrote of his break with 
the Communist faith. In his last 
public speech in Paris as a member 
of the Communist party, he quoted 
Thomas Mann, stating: "A harmful 

NATO warplanes took off from 
their runways. 

We also found from our experi-
ence with President Saddam 
Hussdn that leaders can have the 
annoying tendency to remain defi-

. ant in the face of Western military 
strikes . What happens if 
Milosevic refuses to give in to 
pressure'! Many policy makers are 
left wondering and sc ratching 
their heads. There are no easy 
answers in this situation and 
unfortunately it is becoming clear 
that Milosevic will never accept 

truth is better than a useful lie." 
The non-Communist half of the 
audience applauded, while the 
Communists sat on their hands 
(much as I'm sure the Hollywood 
Left sat on theirs when Kazan was 
honored for his life's work on 
Sunday). Said Koestler, "You 
might as well have told a Nazi 
audience that all men are created 
equal regardless of race and 
creed." 

The truth is that the left-wing 
poster children exposed by Kazan 
were members of an organization 
- the Communist Party - that 
was directed and financed by the 
Soviet government. 

Communism was a closed and 
secret organization, dedicated to 
the violent overthrow of the U.S. 
Constitution. and its replacement 
by a Marxist dictatorship. 

Communists sought to impose a 
regime that would have destroyed 

Thursday, April I, 1999 

either Albanian autonomy Or 
NATO occupation. NATO leaders 
are drawing up plans for the entry 
of ground troops adding more 
pressure for Milosevic to capitu-
late - even though Clinton has 
promised that no ground troops 
will be introduced, knowing how 
unpopular such an idea is. It 
seem !hat the best possible result 
of the air strikes on Kosovo will 
es entially be a stalemate in the 
Balkans. 

Send comments and Letters to 
the Editor to guardian@ucsd.edu 

economic and political freedom for 
all Americans (including freedom 
of speech). They supported Nazi 
Germany from 1939 to 1941 , and 
refused to condemn the invasion of 
Poland (due to the alliance between 
Hitler and Stalin). 

They successfully inserted 
Communist propaganda into 
numerous Hollywood films, such 
as allegedly innocuous and patriot-
ic films like ''The Best Years of Our 
Lives." 

Kazan is a hero for exposing 
this conspiracy. I applaud lhe Ayn 
Rand Institute in Los Angeles, 
whose Ad Hoc Committee for 
Naming Facts held a pro-Kazan 
demonstration at the Oscars on 
March 21. They, and others like 
Charlton Heslon, are also heroes 
for standing up for Kazan. 

Michael Giorgino 
University of San Diego 

School of Law 

PAGE 17 
Before you vote, get 

Guard"n Election Issue . 
some knowledge 

Monday, April 5 

Kaplan students 
get into Law School. 

Case Closed. 
9 out of 10 Kaplan LSAT students go 
to one of their top 3 school choices. 
- 1997 Bruskin-Goldring Research Study of students at the top 25 law schools. 

Call today to enroll! 

KAPLAN 
1-800-KAP·TEST 

www.kaplan.com 

TWICE NIGHTLY 
4pm-6pm & lOpm-12midnlght 

$225 Pints 
Discounted APpetizers 

Seven Days a Week 
live Jazz and ·Blues 

Thursdays 8:00pm 
Saturdays 9:00pm ~ 

Order a FIRE CHIEF ALE -== 
through April 11th and support 

the UCSD Burn Center 

Life's Better at The Bottom 
8980 Villa La Jolla Drive 

LA JOLLA (619)450-9211 

*\' \ : I . , .• ~ ll .'~' ; \ 

Thursday, April I, 1999 

HEART: Scientist 
said stress is probably 
related to the city 
ContInued rro. .... _ 1 

The findings for ·this research 
were presented last month at an 
annual meeting for the Society for 
Behavioral Medicine. 

Christenfeld said that the factors 
responsible for the extremely high 
heart attack rate in New York com-
pared to other major cities are 
unknown. He said he believes it 
can be attributed to stress. 

" It seems plausible that the level 
of stress associated with living and 
even visiting the city may be 
enough to trigger a heart attack, 
especially among those who are 
already at high risk," Christenfeld 
said. 

The study ruled out other possi-
ble explanations - including 
demographic factors - for New 
York's increased heart attack rate. 

Christenfeld specializes in 
human emotions and behavioral 
patterns. His research includes lab 
work and archival work or field-
work in social psychology. He 
said he encourages students to 
take part in social psychological 
research . 

Phillips, who is a professor of 
sociology, is an expert in mortality 
trends and statistics. 

An adv Jnture in cards and gifts 

STUDENT~ 
DISCOUNTe' 
f~15% W OFF 

--ANY PUACHASEwlUC8DlD 

n70 Regents Road #114 
in the.Vons Center (619) 450-0709 

• Discount Travel Packs 
• Travel Books, Maps 
• All your Eurall Supplies I 
• LOcka, cable Locks, 

Sleep Sheet, Pack Towel 
Teva Sport Sandals 
Rain Gear and 
all Acc:enort .. 

We're in PB lust up the 
street from Council Travel 

at 1655 Gamet 
483-1421 

OPEN 7 DAYS A WEEK 
M·F 

Christenfeld, a professor of p y-
chology at UCSD, said that Glynn 
and Shrira were indispensable for 
the findings of this recent study. He 
said that the work required of the 
two was more thought-i ntensive 
than labor-intensive, and required a 
thorough approach since the 
research they performed was based 
on examining U.S. death certifi-
cates. 

One of the two students, lIan 
Shrira, was an undergraduate stu-
dent in psychology during partici-
pation in the research project. He 
now attends the University of 
Georgia where he is working to 
obtain his Ph.D. 

Laura Glynn was a UCSD grad-
uate student while doing this 
research. She now has her Ph.D in 
social psychology and is currently 
a faculty member at the ·University 
of California, Irvine, where she is 
laking part in further research. 

Glynn said that she had many 
opportunities here in research 
while she was a student. 

"I was a graduate student at 
UCSD when I worked on that pro-
ject," Glynn said. "And it was only 
one of many things on which I 
worked." 

The team's research has been 
published by various health and 
science journals such as Na~ure, 
Science. Tire Lancet and the New 
England JOllrnal of Medicine. 

The UCSD Guardian 

u.s. NEWS: 
Non-science rankings 
not released in survey 
ContIIwed froM .... _ 1 
of Graduate Studies Richard 
Attiyeh said he is impressed by 
UCSD's high marks. 

"We arc pleased once again to 
see so many of UCSD's programs 
ranked in the top 10 and top 20," 
Attiyeh said. ''The recent .. . rank-
ings demonstrate UCSD's rightful 
position among the nation's lead-
ing universities." 

Biology Department Chair 
William McGinnis said that he 
also is pleased with the rankings. 
He said that he is also currently 
working to further improve the 
department by developing a pro-
posal to reorganize the faculty. If 
the plan were to go into effect , the 
faculty would be broken into com-
monly focused groups in order to 
foster better collaboration on 
research. 

"We are trying to reorganize 
the biology department into 
groups so it is composed of 

"We .e ,.rtlcularly 
delighted by the 

r~Rlon of our 
[bioengineering 

. department]. 
Clearly our top 
ranldngs can be 
attributed to our 
outstanding facuHy, 
the Increasing 
quality of the 
students we attract, 
and to Important 
research 
InRlatlve •• " 

- Robert Conn 
Jacobs School of Engineering Dean 

research-intensive faculty," 
McGinnis said. 

Robert Conn, dean of the 
Jacobs Schooi of Engineering, 
also said that he is pleased to sec 
UCSD's programs receive recog-
nition. 

COSTA VERDE 
CENTER 

8650 GENESEE AVE. Su. 220 

NEWS 7 

'The school has laken its place 
as one of the great engineering 
schools in the nation," Conn stat-
ed, "and it is gratifying to see that 
the community continues to rec-
ognize the advances that have 
been made.'} 

"We are particularly delighted 
by the recognition of our [bioengi-
neering department). Clearly our 
top rankings can be attributed to 
our outstanding . faculty, the 
increasing quality of the students 
we att ract, and to important 
research ini tiati ves." he contin-
ued. 

U.S. News & World Report did 
not release any new rankings this 
year for programs such as eco-
nomics, history, psychology, polit-
ical science, drama/theater or 
musIc. 

The u.S. News & World 
Report annual rankings of gradu-
ate programs across lhe nation are 
based on strict criteria, including 
reputational surveys and objec-
tive data such as research activity. 
Also taken into account are the 
faculty resources and student 
selectivity. 

FAsmON VALLEY 
CENTER 

NEAR SA'" FIFTH AVENUE (619)452·7374 (619)295·0537 
Brown Eyes to Blue, Green, Hazel 

OLORED 
CONTACTS 

FreshLook Colors with purchase of 2 boxes 
of clear FreshLook disposables. 

EXTENDED WEAR DISPOSABLE LENSES 
OISI'OSAlH[ CON TAC T LENS f S $99** $129** 

.. Att .pedol. include len.e., exam, eyecore kil and fallow up vi.il. 
A.t igmatic len.e. higher. Not valid wilh any other offer. 

Offe" expire 6/30/99 . 

2 PAIRS B&L FW COMPLETE 100 PAIRS PLUS EXAM $229~:MPLETE 
. , 

------.-------------------------

SUMMER 1999 DOROT STUDENT TRAVEL SCHOLARSHIPS 
The UCSD ~udaic Studies Program announces a new travel grant program for four undergraduate 

students interested in spending the summer studying in Israel, and one graduate student planning 
to spend the summer studying or carrying out research in Israel . REQUIREMENTS: Students 
wi" compete for these scholarships by writing a one page letter outlining their financial need and 
explaining why the summer program in Israel wi" wi" contribute to their academic career. A panel 

of three faculty members from the Judaic Studies Program wi"judge the competition . 
TO APPLY, APPLICANTS SHOULD SEND THEIR LETTER NO LATER THAN APRIL 9, 1999 TO: 

UCSD Dorot Travel Scholarship Program, Judaic Studies Program, 0104, UCSD, 9500 Gilman Dr., 
La Jo"a, CA 92093-0104. 0: 534-4551 , F: 534-7283 . 

I\. 
Read tbe Guardian on Monday for A.S. Council election picks 

, 



8 

money-back 
guarantee* 

The UCSD Guardian 

~ t@J\ 
Time Womer Cable puts you into the fest lane with 
excellent entertainment choices including Padres 
Baseball, ' Disney Channel, CNN, Comedy Central, 
and all your favorite, movies on HBO and Cinemax. 

call today 

619-695-3220 
~ ~ TIME WARNER 
J ONal1IJArmm. ~ CAB L E 
~ Imagine What's Next~ 

Thursday, April I, 1999 

Road Runner's cable modem technology saves you time and there's 
no need for a phone line. Speed surf the Net and open web pages 

faster than your dial-up service can say, "You've Got Mail: 

. 

• " you' .. notNliofied ..tIIIIn!he 'ira! 30 doyI ....... unci !he _lilian IIId tnt month cNtgeI. Oller ...... _. SubjocIIO IPPfIc** _1IId 
.... Tme w... ~ s.n Diego IIId COfonedo ........ 1_._ only. -.y _ twllldlMlonal. Prtrnery _ only. HaI_ ... 
tI'i - 011 .... 0IhIf _Ion. may oppIy. CII tor _II. Roed Runner """_1IId III_indicia ... _ "' __ Broa. 0 11181. • 

Major Record Labels Face 

• • 

na 

•• 

Coldcut and Ninja Tune 
Records remain on the 

cutting edge of audio-visual 
experimentation 

OK boys and girls, it 's time to log on and take a serious look at the future of musil: . It can be summed up in two 
words: Ninja Tune. Since its l:reation in late 1993, Ninja 
Tune Records has been at the forefront of mu ' ical and 
audio-visual experimentation. At the helm of Ninja Tune 
rel:ords are ex-art teacher Jonathan More and computer 
programmer Matt Black, collel: tively known as Coldl:ul. 

After their explosion of mainstream fame in the late 
1 980s as. produl:ers of Lisa Stanslield and Yazz, Co ldcut 
continued to l:hange the musical world by delining the 
term ' remix ' through Erk Band Rakim 's "Paid in Full," 
one of the major tral:ks to bring hip-hop into mainstream 
culture. In 1987 they released their debut single "Say 
Kids, What Time is It'/" which was the first sample-built 
tral:k in the UK; the album, Whats That Noise, went sil -

Ninja Tune continued 
Its tradition of 

successful endeavors 
when It debuted DJ 
. Food's RecIpe for 

DIsaster creating 
NME, The Face and 

Mlxmag's 1996 club 
of the year, Stealth 

(which has been 
refurbished Into 

Kungfuslon at. Club 
333 In London). 

ver. In 1990 Coldcut were nom-
inated for the Producers of the 
Year BPI Award. 

Yet our boy ninjas were not 
swayed by the temptation of 
easy fame and fortune. 

"We found a book about cut-
out-and-keep Ninjas. They 
bui Id these amazing houses 
where they have special traps 
so they can disappear down and 
reappear somewhere else. They 
were all about artifice and hid-
den identity." 

This ninj a-ethic discovery 
led to he creation of Ninja 
Tune records and a platform for 
artists like DJ Food (Cold~ ut 
undercover), a mixture of 
breakbcat, jazz, hip-hop, dub 

and down tempo, electro alicionados London Funk AII-
stars, jazzlhip-hop/pervbeat master Funki Porci ni , DJ 
Vadim, drum n' bass guru Amon Tobin, as well as 
scratch master Kid Koala, and ambient giant Mixmaster 
Morris. 

Ninja Tune continued its tradition of successful 
endeavors when it debuted OJ Food's Recipe for Disas-
ter creating NME, The Flice and Mixmag's 1996 club of 
the year, Stealth (which has been refurbished into Kung-
fu sion at Club 333 in London). 

After receiving the 1996 Sony Award for Specialist 
Show, Coldcut were asked to make the 70 mins of Mad-
ness a Journeys By OJ mix album which was rated one 
of the top 10 albums of the year by Muzi k, MixMag and 
Melody Maker and considered the number one compila-
tion album of all time by Jockey Slut in 1998. 

Coldcut and Ninja Tune records did not stop at just 
musical endeavors. To add a li ve element to their perfor-
mance, Coldcut, in conjunction with Ninja Tune artist 
'Hex , began creating audio-visual software that would 
make visual-mixing techniques similar to audio-mixing 
techniques. With more advanced computer technology, 

See NINJA, Page 13 

Story By Eric Olson, Staff Writer 



10 The UCSD Guardian Thursday, April I, 1999 

Leganza'" COX 4-daor Sedan 

Leganu VI. Accord/Camry DMwoo Honda Toyota LepnzaCDX Accord LX Camry LE 
Manufacturer's Suggested Retail Pricel $18,910 $20,105 $20,218 
Monufoc:turer's Equipment 
3-Year Scheduled Maintenance Covered Yes No No 
Leather Seating Surfaces Yes No $1,100 
In-Dash CD Player Yes No $190 
Automatic Temperature Control Yes Manual Manual 
Traction Control System Yes No No 
Power Tilt & Slide Moonroof Yes No $1,000 
Car AJann w/Remote Keyless Entry Yes No $399 
Front Fog Ughts Yes No $399 
Alloy Wheels Yes No $365 
Comparabty-Equipped Price!! $18,910 $20,105 $13,671 

Great College Financing. 
Most college students have a hard time affording even a used 
car. That's why Daewoo is pleased to introduce our special 
college financing program where it's easy to buy a great, 
new car. Our plan offers low monthly payments and special 
interest-only financing for the first one or two years. Which 
means you'll be able to still afford gas. Our plan also offers 
seniors and recent graduates a great opportunity to show off 
their independence by applying for financing without mom 
and dad's help. Remember; this offer is only available to college 
students, so be sure to take advantage of it Start by checking 
out the charts below to see how good we look versus those 
other cars you've been looking at. Then by checking out how 
good we'll look in your driveway. 

Nubira'" CDX 4-door Sedan 

N ........ VI. CIvIc/C ...... DaIwoo Honda ,..,.m NulMraCDX CIvIC LX Corolla LE 

Manufacturer's Suggested Retail Pricel $14,610 $16,045 $16,oaa 
Monu(accurer's Equipment 
3-Year Scheduled Maintenance Covered Yes No No 
In-dash CD Player Yes No $100 
AMIfM Stereo w/Cassette Yes No Cassette Yes 
Anti-lock Braking System Yes No $550 
Front Fog Lights Yes No No 
Car Alann wlRemote Keyless Entry Yes No $399 
Air Conditioning Yes Yes Yes 
Power Windows . Yes Yes Yes 
Comparably-Equlpped Pricell $14,610 $16,045 $17,137 

C 19991laeooo _Alnerb, 11c.1laeooo. Leganm, t<.Ilia 1I'dt.a"'l'BIIerra1IIeJ Ilaeooo __ I1c. ... __ ~_1Bong IDhllrl8lPdlO ..... II'd ..... _u~_ 
• Li1iIedJ""" ... J6.lXXlnilowa'lWlly. f'n¥am __ oIllfllaeooo_ 

.. Ilaewoo __ 11c. ... ~UI.llIDOO ....... lIlImdolaeJputha ... _ ..... eJ .1999Ilaeooo_QIIIID ... bostSl!lng_~_ia ~ hi .... _jIlU puthalfdlrnawllaewoo_,_on __ ndIHl_po.IjW'aI "' ... _____ (IWlAjIlladCMTIIdt-
~Vakto ~, ... _ Rl,gy·MlBIIXOIlIOd_"""". h!.....-Ilho tWJAIlIadCMTrade·.VaktoGUda~no 1ongar!U>liho1- i'taA>IcabIa 1D",_eJ tnI--"" ___ Irom",_1laewoo __ I1c.-'- _ .eor.ur.l!UI _~~_ 
",""*,Ior 01 _ ..... jOiW 0IIer,,,,*,,,crlyID0lIege_81'''_4·~CIlIIogoI.rIwni. See_u_0IIer'''''''1I1501191D_. _lI1milllgtll'd_eJ __ ,,,,,~, 0IIer~rm-___ . 

• t.brn1eaga1lOitlin DrMY ..... be 18"""d""'a_ ..... wtJlIMr'\_lRIJJ(Dd_lb.cIMn .. IIoIIIftUh!IOIf~See ... ID ... ljIlU~Sbt""'_~lI1WteJ ..... _UIlf .... clrtlOlf_.-.,.. __ ,~tne_See_ ... u_ 
" COtT\leIIi'oOi'aIWlce_lRIt:arclIII'Om_ImqI)dI81Y ....... 
... Emergoncy __ crly,SeeibesU_Ib_._ ... -. 
, 1999'-~ MSII' __ IRI __ Iille. _IRI~ptIca&r8IIoct_ ... __ . 
• -\'IlIIn. Pnn.<t~ lie _ on IJI.IjWBI mn.tI:IIm <IIIa.eJ Feb. 1999, Sa-. K8Iei 1Ilea... _ Feb. 1999. 
· _OCE_GnlcI 2 otIISI ,1l66 
_10 qualifiecl_ onroIod ... _ ocapIed lor ... _.'" aa:r_ 4 '~ c:oIIIiIWMrlilY 1IY0IJI1I. pwIIc;IpoOOg c:onooow fInoR:Ing __ ~ co·ign may be requOod, Some _ wI~. 

• Seoo:s """ Income II'd aedt 1isIory. 0Iher resIJIcIons may~. See ... lor _ . 
· Sentor'WlINn6mon11isolgriWalion ... _~_ ... 1aIIt2 ...... boII1wi111._jctI .. jctI_. 0Iher_maylPlllY. 

· 1Aclr1IN\'_eJr.tet"'crlycutno~ ... ·OnIy_(2·~U~lI'dl·!WIorsonlorsl_""ogUII"monII1Iy __ eJpri1cIpoIlI'd_lorll1ellolrn:teJlI1econtractll1m1. Downpoytralt.llxll'd_",,"duollilco!Jllon. 
' fu ~,SIi6pormonll1lor lanoI S·JOfI lor I.IlIO 24 monIIisujlrtinIl'dI.llIDI2mon11islor_at9.15'11A1'f1lhtoug11ln1nstcrlylloancinG_wlllt. q.taIIfiedco·ligwanrllO'11~_IIlenS201""monII1lor48 monIIisIl9.15'11N'R. _lno SPl'<eeJ $8,999 10 

1999 MSP/', including 1250 _ charge. eJ 9196 E.Q.dng _ , 1IO. 11'd IiIIe SUbject 10 ..-y. 
TlIeCdlt!goIlnin:tnO_II'd~ade·.""'p-anIOe __ .. noI\lllrlwilhflrl_"Irom ___ 1nc 

Thursday, April I. 1999 

A First from Daewoo. 
Senior 

I year delerrecl (Interest only') payment 
followed by equallnstdments up to 4 yean' 

Lonas'" SE 4-door Sedan 

lanoI VI. a.vy Metro 
.,...... 

"-1I4DR 

Manubcturer's Sugested Retail Pricel $11,700 
ft1cJnu1bdurer's equipment 
3-Year Scheduled Maintenance Catered Yes 
AMJfM Stereo w/~ Yes 
Automatic Transmission <4-speed 
Power Windows Yes 
Power Door Locks Yes 
Car AIann wlRemote Keyless Entry Yes 
Air Conditloning $700 
Power Steering Yes 
c:omp.nbIy-Equi Pfice# $11,400 

No 

Yes 

CIttYy 
MetroUl4DR 

$11,427 

No 
Pkg.+ 

3-speed 
No 

$220 
No . 

Pkg.+ 
Pkg.+ 

$13,312 

The UCSD Guardian 

Low Cost of Ownership. 
Most cars will cost you a lot of money every year on maintenance. 
Not Daewoo. With our amazing regular scheduled maintenanc~ 
program, you won't pay anything extra for the first 3 years:*That's 
right Zilch. Even brake pads and wiper blades are included. And to 
make"it even easier; we have hundreds of friendly service centers 
throughout the country for your convenience. Daewoo takes care 
of so many things, about all you have to do is just add gas. 

Guaranteed Trade-in Value. 
You're also getting a great investment if you buy a Daewoo 
before 6/30/99. Because when you're ready to trade-in your 
used Daewoo for a new Daewoo, we'll match the trade-in 
value to the best selling car in its class." It's a guaranteed 
way to g~t the most value out of your car. And it's only 
available from Daewoo. And only for college students. 
To leam more about Daewoo, stop by a Daewoo Store 
or talk to a Daewoo Campus Advisor. And find out how 
easy it is to finish your four years on four wheels. 

DAEWOO® 
www.daewoous.com or 1-877-GO-DAEWOO 

Daewoo of San Diego 
777 Camino Del Rio South 

(~19) 299-8882 

II 

, -



12 HIATUS The UCSD Guardian Thursday, April I, 1999 

HOW HOLLYWOOD SCREWED UP: A COMMENTARY 
1?emakes I have become a staple for movie moguls, but does their profitabilitiy outweigh their artistic merit? 

By Kevin Byrne 
Guardian Repor ter 

I was watching "Barbwire" the 
other day - that horrible movie 
starring the vo luptuous Pamela 
Anderson. Amidst the cleavage 

favorite films "Casablanca." 
It hit me that the plots of these 

two movies were strikingly similar: 
While a superpower government 
(Nazi Germany) is at war with a 
rebel force (the French under-

shots and some 
pathetic attempts 
to make Anderson 
a tough character 
rat her t han a sex 
goddess, I noticed 
the story actually 
had a plot. What 
made this discov-
ery interesting was 
that the story line 
was intelligent. 

So what Is 
Hollywood 
coming to If 
remakes of old 

ground), a man 
(Rick) who owns a 
ni ghtclub in 
Morocco remains 
neutra l in the situ-
ation. That is, until 
his old girlfriend 
comes back with 
her husband, who 
was previ ously 
thought to be dead, 
and the girl gets 
our hero (who was 
once involved in 
the French under-
ground) to gi ve up 
his neutrality and 
help the couple 
escape. Humphrey 
Bogart helps the 
couple escape to 
an airport , while 
los ing hi s ni ght-
club in the 
process. The cou-
ple escape the 

movies are being 
released with 

The plot !lows 
ometh ing li ke 

thi s: While a 
superpower gov-
ernment is at war 
Wilh a rebel force, 
a wo man who 
owns a nightclub 
remains neutral in 
the situation. That 
is, until her old 
boyfri end comes 
back with his wi fe. 

such mediocre 
quality? There 
are plenty of 
creative scripts 
that contain 
original Ideas 
that studios turn 
down every year, 
while crap such 
as "Barbwire" Is 
produced. 

who was previous-
ly thought to he dead, and the 
boyfriend gets the heroi ne (who 
was once involved in the rebel 
cause) to give up her neutrality and 
help the c.:ouple escape. Anderson 
helps the couple escape to an air-
port, losi ng her nightclub in the 
process. The two escape, leaving 
Anderson behind. . 

Thi s plot had some working 
points, bUI I did not experience my 
epiphany unt il later that ni ght , 
when Turner Movie Classic ' was 
screen ing one of my all -time 

azis, leavi ng Rick behind. 
This similarity is too great to be 

a coincidence. 
So what is Hollywood coming 

to if remakes of old movies are 
being released with such mediocre 
quality'! There are plenty of cre-
ati ve scripts that contain original 
ideas that studios turn down every 
year, while crap sut: h as " Barb-
wire" is produced. 

Sadly, "Barbwire" is not the 
only remake of a classic movie. 
Recently, "Psyt:ho"- was remade, 

Includes "Magenta Radio," 

and thai ·suck.t:d. Vince Vaughn was 
the only bright spot in this other-
wise dull remake of the Hitl:hcock 
class ic. Anne Heche, who can' t al:t 
her way out of a bubble, pulled 
down the movie and made it almost 
unwatchable. 

"Miracle on 34th Street" gave 
us the charming Natatie Wood, 
who would grow up and steal 
hearts in "West Side Story." The 
remake made me want to t: ry ; the 
chemistry was not there, and the 
actors' performances were emo-
tionless. 

"Titanit: ," the bi ggest hype 
mov ie of all time, is a remake of 
"A Ni ght to Remember," as ooth 
movies foc us on the infamous 
sinking of the Titani t: . Wh ile spe-

"You Can't Always Get What You Wanr' and l'Uve A Long Time" 
AlSO AVAILABLE:· 

ON TOUR NOW , • ~ 
-

See Rusted Root Live at 4th & B Theater on Saturday, April 3rd. 
The new album available at Tower Records. ~ 

~ 

cial ellet:ts propelled thi s more 
recent movie into the number-one 
money spot in movie hi story, I 
felt sick whil e watching it. 
Leonardo DiCaprio, wh o per-
formed well in "W'hat's Eating 
Gilbert Grape'!" and "The Basket-
ball Diaries," was mi scast in this 
unconvincing love story. Kate 
Winslett was so bad that I wanted 
to push her off the boat, wishing 
DiCaprio didn ' t make the effort to 
save her from her suicide attempt. 
Bluntly st",ted , Hollywood 
sc rewed up. 

The point is that movie remakes 
will never be as good as the origi-
nals. Any director or producer that 
think s otherwise is sorely mistak-
en. Any fan that gets taken in by the 

Mike Belie/Guardian 

glamour and hype of the new 
release is a fool. 

I understand that Hollywood is 
auempting to make traditional sto-
ries contemporary for today's 
youth, their market. Fine. 

My point is that this unoriginal 
recycling of stories is not neces-
sary. The old scripts that made the 
movies of the 1930s and I 940s 
classics still pertain to everyday 
life, and they still teach us the same 
lessons. 

The story line is still effective 
years, decades, even centuries after 
the original publishing. Shake-
speare is still popular, his stories 
are still used, and he's been dead 
for 400 years. 

Think about it. 

UCSD EXTENSION OFFERS: 

AFFORDABLE 
GRE/GMAT/LSAT TEST PREP 

UCSD 2S0Lo OFF 
STUDENTS 71:l $285.00 

GET DISCOUNT FEE! 
Spring Quarter 7-wk evening courses 

slart week of MAY 2 
ConvenIently held In Cent.r Hall 
FOR MORE INF"ORMATION 

OR TO ENROLL CALL 534-3400 

Affordable Dental· Care 
We're taking a new little approach to dental care. Convenient hours 
and location. Gentle and caring treatment at affordable fees. All in a 
small, new dental office with a video and current reading material [0 
PUt you at ease during your visit. . 

We're committed to doing our beSt to prov ide preventative, cosmetic, 
and restorative dental care to keep your dental bills down, your mouth 
healthy, and your smile bright. Call us today. 

VILLAGE DENTAL OFFICE 
E. Sanford, D.D.S . 

General, Preventative, and Cosmetic Services 
UCSD iruuraru:t accep~ • Rdaxtd, friendl, almDlp/lere • VideO/Srereo 

• Mtmm ADA, CDA , SOCDS 

La. Jolla Village Professional Center 
8950 Villa La Jolla Dr., Suite 2103 

Top Floor, behind Rock BOllom Brewery 
Elltning (/ Saturda, appointmenu allailable 

J·5 at La Jolla VaUare Driw 558-3490 

Thursday, April I, 1999 The UCSD Guardian HIATUS 13 

NINJA: 
Coldcut are packaging 
software with latest album 
ContInued from ..... 9 
Coldcut were able to synchroni ze visual 
images with audio elements. Coldc:ut contin-
ue to revolut ionize audio-visual experimenta-

patible only with Pes running Windows 95, 
98 or NT 4.0. 

Let Us Replay, available this month, is a 
remix of Coldcut 's 1997 album Let Us Play. 
But don ' t Ictthe word "remix" scare you off. 
This is perhaps the best remi x album since 
Bjork's Telegram. With mi xes hy Cornelius, 
Grandmaster Flash, Shut Up+Dance, and Carl 
Craig, as well a, several from Coldcut them-

tion alongside olher art ists 
like Emergency Broadcast 
Net work (EB ), who-
worked with U2 on their 
ZooTV tour and collaboral 
ed With Brian Eno, Bil l 
Laswell and Jack Danger 
(Meat Beat Manifesto). 

Let Us Replay, 
available this 

selves, LeI Us Replay is an 
auditory wet dream. From 
the up-tempo, hreakbeat 
classic "Atomic Moog 
2000," to the bizarre ly Bur-
roughs-esqe "The Talc of 
Virginia Epitome," thi s 
remix alhum is silky smooth 
and jarringly energizing at 
once. 

What 's more, Coldcut 
are releasing a demonstra 
tion version of their 
audio/visual DJN J soft ware 
VJal,Im with their new 
remi x album, Let V.I' Replay. 
The software is user fri end-
ly even for the technologi -
cally impaired. The inter-
face basically looks like a 

month, Is a remix 
of Coldcut's1997 
album Let Us Play. 
But don't let the 
word "remix" 
scare you off. 
Thlsls perbaps 
the best remix 
album since 
Bjork's .Te/egram. 

Let Us Replay explores a 
wide range of genres With-
out ever leaving Cold 'ut 
style. "Border" (Coldcut vs. 
Silent Poets mix) is trip-hop 
mi xed with jump-up jungle 
while the DJ Lord Fader 
mi x of "More Beats and 

big Moog synthesizer from which you can 
trigger audio/visual loops. The loops can be 
sped up, slowed down and synchronized 
through MIDI. The demo version of the soft-
ware only allows you to play with the provid-
ed AN samples (taken from several Coldcut 
tracks). But with the full version (approxi-
mate retail price $60) you can load, synch and 
loop your own AN samples. VJamm is com-

Pieces" is a maniacal turntable explosion with 
so many recognizable old-school hip-hop 
samples it will make your head spin . 

If you haven' t heard of Coldcut or Ninja 
Tunc Records before now, Let Us Replay is a 
great introduction, but it is only a taste of 
what has come from one of the most intluen-
tial and progress ive record labels in the last 10 
years. 

W eST COAST P JUI AlfE ll1:.' 

VIEW 
S Of'T)e·times 

t h e har-dest 

thing t,C) s3ell 

IS yourself . 

BY MICHEL VINAVER 

/\ 
Join us at UCLA Summer S 'ons! 

REGISTER ON~INE 
. . 

More than SOO courses, Induding lower division, 
upper division, and graduIte IMI studJ. 

Travel Study Programs, InttmShlps,1ntensM languages, 
and special programs MiIIIIIt. 

Fun laboratory courses in PhJsIcs, BWogJ, IIId Chemistry. 

On-campus housing, pitting, and the use of campus recreation facilities 
are _able to summer sessions students, 
........... : ....................................... ...... ........................... . 

FOR MORE INFORMATION: 
Web site: www.sum .... ' ..... tdu 
..... 11: info@summ .... ucil.edu 

FAX: (110) 794-8160 
Phone: (110) 794-8l11 

SESSION A: JUNE 28 • AUGUST 6 
SESSION I: JULY 19 • AUGUST 27 

SESSION C: AUGUST 9 • SEmMlER 17 

REGISTRATION FEE (COVERS ALL THREE SESSION S) : $260.00 
COURSE FEES: $98 PER UNIT FOR MOST COURSES. SOM E AR E HI GHER . 

UCLA 
su .... Ut $fUIO NS 

Original jam rock 
PURE NOODLE 

April 7 
L.A. ecoustic treiibi~zers 
LOWEN. NAVARRO 

Homegrown reggae 
IIONIC 
April 11 

~, .. ~~~~~~~~~~~~ with'guests USA SANDOS . "'so 10 must be 21 " UIY DOlAN .1Mt~ culTent. valid "" ' April 14 
Latin funk 

HIGH VIlE 
GALACTIC 

with guests DMW 
April IS 
iWftMI·1J'lJJiJlf':!lllJ~1 ~ THIS SATURDAY 
Ajezzy tribute to the music I APRIL 3, 9i15PM 
of the .r...,.1 De.cl with 
Alphonso 1M .... (s.ntMa) 
Jimmie IIcrriq ( ..... laac .Iit) ~.J:.~_ 
T Lavill (Widcspracl'lnic) 
left Si,. (Lefto"r SIlmon) 

UK Reggae MC 
Tippa lria 
with Bunny Mystic, 
Peppa, Jah Soldier 

SAT., APRIL 17, ,,1 I'M 
local ska daddies 

SKANIC 
Il:ill¥,·jJiliifM:Uih' 

~ PRESENT S 

~F " the EARTH 
, a fundraiser for the 
,- ~ SURFRIDER ~ FOUNDATION 

THURS., APRIL 15, 
8:30PM 

EI Conguero Supremo 
8-piece Latin explosion 
Poncho Sanchez 
and guests Ycska 

with 
Clyde's Ride 
!Isin ,.rk 
Honk If Your Honky 
plus an ~ron C ... ns 
slide show 

World class 
dance music 

THE 
UNTOUCHABLES 

with guests SUR' REPOR' 
SIND.,APlIL 11, 
Los Lobos 
singer/guitarist 
on a solo flight 
Cesar KO:5C1IS 
with guests 
The Bluers 

..... 
. 

'{{ 
- . 

SAT., APRIL 14, 9115PM 
In a funky Latin Groove 

The 
I-SIDE 

PLAYERS 
UPCOIINQ: ___ Apr. 1 ........ , IIIrtIn I Wood Apr. 10 • III '1M Oper_ Apr. 16 

Original Big Band CIIIaCo 11 Apr. 18 • ' ........ Apr. 23 • 11M Y ..... .,.....,. Apr. 30 ........ May 1 
............ May 2 • DrNd z.,peIIn May 15 • CIIIrIIe .. lMIwItIte May 20 

...... May 22 • IIIIIICtIc 27 

SClL!j 
TAVER" 

143 South Cedros Avenue, Solana Beach 

For Info 
I tickets 
(619)481-8140 



14 SPORTS 

STUDENT TRAVEL 
This ain't your parents' 

., trave1 agency. 

270-1750 
4475 ............ 
.... F 
SAIl _ CST 11017~ 

With our staff of experienced travelers, a 
global network of offices, great prices, ticket 
f1exipility and a ton of travel services, we 
know firsthand what it takes to put together 
a mind-blowing trip ... 

... just remember to thank mom 
for packing your suitcase. 

ST/j 
STA TRAVEL 
WE'VE ........... 

www.statravel.com 

I c 

A 

w 

The UCSD Guardian 

your Student Org. at 
SUNGIO'99 

tum In your 
DAmMEBOOlH 

APPLICATION 
AprlI7t11-9t11 
appIIcaIIorBaveInbIe 

see Ywri."le, 3nlIoorPrlce Center 
53e·525t 

o T 

D 
N 

N A o D R 
"PASSIONATELY FE:MINIST ... " 

-- JENNIFER POYEN, DANCE CRITIC -- SAN DIEGO UNIONII'RIBUNE -- 3122199 

DAZED: 
Look out for the 
Cas a de Coach 
c ........ ed ...... PIIP 20 

Back to my dream. This new 
part is great: at the opening cere-
mony, which included tens of thou-
sands of Triton fans, the UCSD ath-
-Ietic -department unveiled this 
majestic new house's name. They 
called it, Casa de Coach. At the 
time, , thought, "Wow, what a real-
ly great name." 

Of course now, Casa de Coach 
is easily the dumbest name for a 
state-of-the-art stadium that can 
seat 90,000 people. Now that I'm 
sober, something like The House 
the Coach Built or simply, Coach's 
Big Ass Stadium would of course 
be much more realistic names. 

Anyway, our football team was 
great and 1 was a big booster. It was 
hi larious. Bucket and , were all of 
the sudden at some fancy dinner 
offering some kid an unmarked 
envelope full of $1 00s to come and 
be a Triton . 

All , remember after that was 
the roar of the crowd and being so 
proud of all that my alma mater had 
accomplished. 

But now as , reflect upon this 
lillie dream, I'm starting to think 
that maybe having 90,000 scream-
ing fans would kind of strange. I 
think I like the personal flavor of 
the way UCSD sports is now. , can 
hob-knob with all of our "star" ath-
letes and even the people in the ath-
letic department know me by name, 
which is really cool. , don't know 
though, Casa de Coach is still call-
ing my name ... 

TENNIS: 
UCSD is gunning 
for perfection 
Continued from ..... 20 

UCSD has been phenomenal so 
far this eason. No Triton has lost 
more than one match at singles. and 
both Ngyuen and Jones are unde-
feated in singles play. The doubles 
play 21ways makes it interesting. 
however. 

"We're really just a bunch of 
singles players playing doubles," 
laPlante said "Doubles is a hard 
game to get used to and most of the 
team wasn't exposed to doubles in 
juniors." 

Next up for the Tritons is a 
matcJJ loday again t Pacific 
Lutheran University (Wash.) and 
then a trip to Scottsdale, Ariz. this 
weekend to play Trinity University 
(Texas) and Gustavus Adolphus 
College (MN). 

"This weekend will be a real big 
test for us," laPlante said "Trinity 
is one of the best teams around and 
Gustavus was ranked fourth last 
year." 

Hopt:fully, the Tritons can pull 
off the victories and keep their 
undefeated season alive. Last 
year's less-experienced team lost to 
Trinity 5-4, so this year's team will 
have a good chance. Even if the 
Triton come back from Arizona 
with a record of 13-1, they wi II be 
in good shape. 

"How we do in our last few 
matches will matter a lot," 
LaPlante said. "We could po sibly 
even be a seeded team in nation-
als." 

UCSD will be looking to 
improve on a first-round el(it from 
nationals last year. Judging by the 
way the team has been playing, it 
will be more than ready. 

Thursday,April 1,1999 The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 15 

Tritons Survive Crew Classic 
BOATS: UCSD hurt by crosswinds and rough water in outside lanes 
By John Maynard 
Sports Editor 

Sporting, whether it be boxing, skiing, ten-
nis or another event, is supposed to be fair -
sports are 'a forum for gentlemanly competi -
tion. Remember the old adage, "May 

Classic either, but managed to finish in a 
respectable 10th place. The men's IV eight 
also did well, earning a ninth place finish . The 
women's team did not place. 

"Lanes one and two are the only lanes that 
have chances to win," Filippone said. 

the best gentleman win'''? ...,,-...... h. "We didn 't win our morning heat, so 
At last weekend's San 

Diego Crew Classic, how-
ever, all things were not 
even. The regatta dates 
back 26 years, and course has not 
changed much since then. 

UCSD men's crew Head Coach 
Michael Filippone said that the regatta's 
course is set up in a fashion where only the 
two inside lanes have a chance to win. 
because boats in the outer lanes have to con-
tend with crosswinds and rough waters. As a 
result, UCSD crew suffered. UCSD boats 
failed to win their respective morning heats, 
resulting in poorer afternoon lane seeds. 

The men's varsity eight turned in an even-
tual 6th place finish in the aftemoon final 
because of a poor lane seed. The men's novice 
eight did not have it's best showing at the 

BASEBALL: 
UCSD can't seem to catch 
any breaks 
Coati .... ".... PIC. 20 
were no UCSD home runs. There was, howev-
er, an indication of the depth of a lineup in 
which every starter got a hit. 

The next day was calmer in terms of hit-
ting, yet was nonetheless victorious for 
UCSD. The' 7-2 win over the defending 
champion Eastern Connecticut State was a 

we got an outside lane [in 
the finals)." 

Although the Tritons' 
resu Its were not the most 

impressive on paper, Filippone said 
he was pleased with their performance 

overall, noting that there are similarities 
between this year's and last year;s squads. 
Last year, UCSD crew was a top-notch, 
championship squad. This year's group 
promises to be no different. 

'" have no doubt we can go as fast as we 
need to," Filippone said. "\ believe we're 
poi~ to do the same thing we did last year. 
We're definitely on track ... across the board, 
this is the most complete tearn we' ve had in 
three years." 

Next up for UCSD is the San Diego City 
Championships, April 10 in Mission Bay. 

great moment for the Tritons. 
Matt Merrifield 's assault on opposing 

pitchers continued with a 2-for-3 afternoon, 
which included 2 douliles. Chad Addison also 
went I for 4 with 2 runs scored and an RBI 
while starting in left field. Addison leads the 
team overall with a .333 batting average. 
Starter John Gherini pitched six strong 
innings for the Tritons to improve his record 
to 4-4. Brian Hinson also came in to throw 
three shutout innings for his second save of 
the season. He also leads the team with 15 
appearances through March 24. 

-when students read 
lbe New York Times, they 

have in their hands the vuy same 
resource that informs decisions 

and actions of world leaders 
around the globe:' 

SPECIAL REDUCED RATES 
FOR UCSD FACUL TY & STUDENTS 

SAVE 60% OFF THE COVER PRICE 

CALL (800) 631-1222 

UNDERGRADUATE STIJDY ABROAD 
---+---

GREAT BRITAIN 
AUSTRALIA 

IRELAND 
NEW ZEALAND 

---+.---
ARGENTINA 

CHILE 
COSTA RICA 

FaU, Spring or FWl Yem, Scholarships Awilable. 
Study Abroad Information Session: 
R'cpreaentativc: Carolyn Watson 

Wed. March 31 3: 00 pm 
~k: International Center Conference Ra 
Location: Thurs. April 1 11:00 am - 2:00 pm 

Information Table in Price Center 

For l'urthcr infOrmation contact the IlIItilUtc (or Study Abroad. Butler Univcnity, 
4600 Sunset AYt:nuc, InclianapollJ, IN 46208, Tel: 800/858-0229 Fax: 317/940·97Oi 

INSTITUTE FOR STUDY ABROAD 
BUT . LER UNIVERSITY 

UCSdtheatre & dance 



16 CLASSIFJEDS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
l:i I£&!J: PI,':m 
* ROUND TRIP COURIER FARESi' 
London $349 Sing $300 Hong Kong $389 
ChiM $360 S,dne, $580 Bengkok $370 
"40·80~0 OFF ALL FARES-
AIR COURI ER I NTERNATIONAL 

1-800-298-1230 24 hr 
TRIP FOR FREE! Visit g04.less.com and 
see how you can travel free. Mind·blowing 
savings of up to 70% on vacations, too. 
www.g04less.com/student (3129·415) 
Pledge and didn't like it? Start your own 
Fraternity! Zeta Beta Tau is looking for men 
to start a new Chapter. If you are interested 
in academic success and an opportunity to 
make friends in a non·pledging brotherhood, 
e·mail : zbt @zbtnational.org or call Mike 
Simon at (317)334·1898. (4/1·8) 

EVE N T S 
WIN $25.00· Essay Contest. http :// 
www.essaycontest.netl ·877·JWESSAY 
deadline: April 15. (318_·4_/5-,-) ___ _ 
Leadership Seminar: Internsh ips • 
Professional Devetopment presented on 
4f7199 from 3·4 p.m. in the Price Center 
Gallery B. The Associated Students 
Internship Office will discuss internships and 
the role they play in professional 
development. Sponsored by SOLO. For more 
info call 534·0501 . (4/1·5) 

EMPLOYMENT 
MALE. FEMALE MODELS. Our models 
have worked for Esqu ire Magazine , 
Skechers, Levi's, Estee Lauder. Coca Cola. 
Most ages OK! Beginner's OK! Great pay! 
Call· Otto 1 (800)959'9301 . (218·5127) 
SaleslMarketing Internships· Earn 3·6 K 
Working on your Campus Telephone 
Directory Excellent AdvertisingiSalesiPR 
experience. Call COLLEGE DIRECTORY 
PUBLISHING: 1·800·466·2221 ext 233. 
www.campusdirectory.com (2116·4126) 
INTERNET COMPANY EXPANDING 
Z57.com has openings in all departments. 
Please visit our website for information and 
to apply. www.Z57.com. 619·491 ·2974. (31 
4·415) 

The UCSD Guardian 

CLASSIFIEDS 
The UCSD .Guardian resetves the rtght to classi fy. edit. delete offensive words and 
phrases. and/or refuse any and all advertisements without prior notification. The Advertiser 
will not hold the Guardian liable for any clalms resulting from Ihe publication of Ihe 
advertisement. The publisher will also not be held accountable for any claim from an 
agreement made between Ihe advertiser and the consumer. 
Copy should be reviewed by the advertiser for errors. In order to be correcled in the next 
regular Issue. all errors must be reported by the corresponding deadline. Credit will only 
be given lor the incorrect portion of Ihe advertisement. There are no refunds lor cancellations. 
PI •• ,a sand all correapondence regarding CI .. allieftl to: 
UCSO Guardian, Attn: Cla .. llledl, 9500 Gilman Drive '0316. L. Jolla. CA 92083. 
Actual location: Student Cent.r A, Room 217. 

Learn Bartending 

Part time garden help needed. $8.oolhour, 1 
day/week. Leave name and telephone # at 
687·1908. (318·411) 
EXCEPTIONAL SUMMER 
OPPORTUNITY· Camp Wayne, NE PA. 
Counselor Specialists for all LandiWater 
Sports. Outdoor Adventure: Mtn Biking, 
Rocketry, A&C, Drama , Radio, Video. 
Campus intetviews Thurs .. April 15th. Cllil 
1·888·549·2963 or e·mail 
wayneboys@aol.com (3129·4/8) 
Pasadena area Summer Day Camp now 
hiring energetic and responsible people for 
counselor positions. Looking for group 
counselors, lifeguards and wranglers. Spend 
your summer outside making new friends. 
Call TOM SAWYER CAMP (626)794·1156. 
(3129·4/15) 
Wanted: International House Resident 
Advisors . Communication and Special 
Programs Interns for 1999·2000! 
Applications available. ERC Residence Life 
Office. Deadline 4/23199. (3129·411) 
Counselors wanted for the world· renowned 
SU MMER DISCOVERY, pre·college 
program. Spend the summer working with 

teenagers at one of our exciting residential 
campus programs (UCLA, UC San Diego, U 
of Michigan. Georgetown, U of Vermont). 
Must be atieast 2.1 by June 20th and have a 
valid driver'S license. Info at 888·878·6637, 
staff@summerfun .com or 
www.summerfun.com (3129·4/8) 

~~'-
911glfts.com 

SOFTWARE ENGINEER 
Fast growing e-oommerce firm seeI<s FT 
programmers. Compensation includes 
stocks options and competitive salary. 
Perl (CGI Sgipls), ClC++, HTMl. Java 
Unix & RDBMS experience (Oracle, SOL) 
Fax r6sum6 to 619-298-9882 or e-mail 
cheng@911gllll.com. No calls. 

Clerical: Duties include answering phones. 
filing. and computer work. Start 57/hr. 
Bilingual in English/Spanish preferred, not 
necessary. Call Jorge.SAAD: 452·1105. (31 
29·4/5) 
NEED Mothe(s Helper. 3:0013:30·7:00 p.m. 
in Rancho Santa Fe in retum for apartment. 
pay. and use of pool, tennis court· need 
minimum 1 year committment. A great job 
for the right person. Phone 619·756·1608. 
(3129·4/8) 

Classified Line 
Ad Rates 

Studenll: 53 per 20 word, 
FlCulty • SlIff: $4 per 20 word, 

An ott.r,: S5 per 20 word, 
Advance paymenl is required. 

Classified Display 
Ad Rates 

$9.00 per column Inch 
Deedllnes: 

Pubtlc.tion 0... 01."... Ada u", Ad. 
Mondl, 
Thurtdly 

Noon ThIn. 3 pm ThIn. 
Noon Mon. 3 pm Mon. 

JUlISC.N UNCH CAMP 
seeks COUNSELORS who are 

posi tive role models and teach 
programs like WATERFRONT, 

HORSES, MT. BIKES, THEATER, 
CRAFTS, ROCK CUMBING, etc. 

Room and board plus 
$2300/summer. 

( 0111·100-696·9062 for 
application . 

The Guardian needs a Graphic Designer 
to deSign Idst Experience with Pagemaker 
or Quark Xpress required; experience with 
illustration software, scanner and Photoshop 
highly preferred. Layout or paste 'up 
experience helpful. Must be able to work in 
an intensive production environment with 
deadlines. To apply call Mike Martinez at 
534·0468 or stop by the Guardian offices, 
located Student Center A. room 217. (3129· 
4/1) 
Earn $6,()QO.$9.000Iyr. extra! Local area 

r , 
~ TEACH ENGLISH IN ~ 

~JAPAN!6 
Vibrant, affluent couple eeks fanta tic egg donor po sessing 
the following attributes: 5'5" or taller with Blond/Light Brown 

Hair and Blue, Green or Light Hazel Eye. 6000.00 will 
compensate this special person for her time. 

~ AEON, One of the largest English conversation schools in Japan, 
'1 is recruiting enthusiastic individuals on an ongoing basis to teach ( 

English in one of our 250 branch schools, located throughout 
~ Japan. BAIBS degree required. These positions are salaried and ( 

offer benefits and housing assistance. For consideration please 
Please call CREATIVE CONCEPTIONS, INC. at 

1-888-411-EGGS 
(8e sure to mention the ad you are calling about.) 

web ".ge: creativeconception.net e-m,il: ccinceggs@aol.com 

~ send resume and one page essay stating why you want to J. 
'I live and work in Japan: ~ 

~ AEON Corporation www.aeonet.com I 
'I 9301 Wilshire Blvd. 1202 aeonla@aeonet.com ~ 

Beverly Hills, CA 90210 Fax: 310-550-1463 
~ J 

University- of ~an Die8Q 
• Experienced Faculty 
• Lecture Courses 
• In-Class Practice Exams 
• Free Refresher Course 

up to One Year 
Test Preparation Courses 
Serra Hall 316, Alcala Park 
San Diego, CA 
92110 

. Thursday, April I, .999 

counaelors needed. Enjoy ct'Oss-oullural 
experiences? Support families and 
international nannies in your area. Cqntact 
Kristen (888)222·2966. (3129-418) 

Get Outta Town. 
Way Out! 

. Jobs in Asia. College Grads. 
All Majors. 0 Experience 
Necessary. Native English 
Speakers. Spend a Year 

Abroad Teaching English. 
ave $800/mo. after 

expenses! 
Call! 559-221-7103 

FUN SUMMER JOBS. Gain valuable 
experience working with children outdoors. 
We are looking for caring Summer DIY 
Camp staff whose summer home is in or 
near the San Fernando or Cone\o ValleYI, 
Mllibu,orSlml Villey. General Counselors 
& Specialists. Salaries range $2,100-
$3 ,200+. Call 818·865·6263 or go to 
www.workatcamp.com (4/1·5120) 
Camp Counselors: Youth exper. & refs. 
Horsebackride I waterfront I swim I rockclimb. 
SF East Bay. 925·283·3795 I 
jobsOroughingit.com (411) 
CAMP WAYNE· sister half of brotherlsist>3r 
camp· Northeast Pennsylvania (6/20·81181 
99). We're back! We have recruited great 
staff from San Diego and want you to have 
the most memorable summer of your life. 
Directors for Fine Arts. Gotf. Nature/Camping. 
Counselors to live in cabins and teach at 

specia~y areas. If you love children and 
have a specialty to offer call 1·800·279·3019 
or e·mait campwaynegOaol.com On 
Campus Intetviews April 15th. (4/1·8) 
TELEMARKETING. Seeking personalities 
who like to smile. My top phoners are earning 
$201hr. wi comm. Guar. H71hr. Both AM & 
PM Shifts available. Call today. start 
tomorrow. 619·5n·21OO. (4/1·5) 
Cllliina Island Summer Employment. 
Make money and meet new people working 
in Avalon, Catalina Island for the summer. 
We have positions available for f'iendly. 
outgoing, retail salespersons. Housing 
available. Send resume or application 
request to Bay Company P.O. Box 1025, 
Avalon. CA. 90704. Orfaxapplication request 
to (310) 510·2357. (4/1·29) 
Data Entry I Customer Setvice. P.T. Poss. 
F.T. Hrs. Flexible wi school schedule. Entry 
level. Fax resume (619) 561·1866. (4/1-12) 

GIVEUSnME 
TO REPAY 

lOUR LOAN. 
After just three years in 

the Army, your college 
loan could be a thing of 
the past. 

Under the Army's Loan 
'~t~, each 
year you serve on active 
duty reduces your indebt-
edness by one-third or 
$1,500, whichever amount 
is greater, up to a $65,000 
limit. 

This offer applies to 
Perkins Loans, Stafford 
Loans and certain other 
federally insured loans 
which are not in default 

And this is just the 
first of many benefits the 
Army will give you. Get 
the whole story from 
your Army Recruiter. 

61'·488·1781 

ARMY. 
81 ALL 1011 CAN E 

www.goarmy.com 

Thursday, April I, 1999 

GENSET. a rapidly growing 
international genomics company with 
corporate. resear ch and 
manufacturing sites In La Jolla. has 
an Invnediate opening for a "-II 
Sec,..". 
Responsibilities include typ ing 
scientific papers. preparing graphs 
and charts for scientific presentations. 
maintaining central research files. 
distributing interoffice mail. arranging 
domestic and international travel. 
receiving outside visitors and acting 
as liasion between lab and corporate 
personnel. 
Excellent clerical skills and one to 
two years work experience in a biotech 
environment preferred. Must be highly 
organized, motivated and detail 
oriented. Must possess excellent 
written and oral communication skills 
and knowledge of MS Word and 
Internet. 
,.... .... _ willi cow. tett.r to: 

HR Dept., GENSEl, 
875 Prospect St. '206, 

u JoIte C_ 92037. 
Fa. to 819-551-3001 Of 
&mall to hreC".Y.com. 

NO PHONE CAW PLEASE. 

Child Carellight Cleaning. Experienced, 
energetic person wanted to care for 9 mo. 
twins in my Sotana Beach home. $7.501 hr. 
(619) 794-6912. (4/1) 
The Physics Computing Facility seeks an 
outgoing student assistant to help users, 
perform maintenance and assist in 
programming tasks in a diverse and 

scient~ically-oriented department. Must have 
knowledge of UNIX and C programming. 
Experience with Linux. Windows and 
Macintosh is desirable . Applicat ion 
instructions:. Submit resume, which may 
Include any relevant courses to: 
IeeOphysics.ucsd.edu (411·5) 

ROOMMATES 
Female roomrnate wanted for summer. Apt. 
near UTC. Poots. spas, gym. Own room wi 
walk· in doset. Near bus. (619)544·1203 
abseatonOpacbetl.net (3129-418) 

Huge Mastsr Bedroom, La Jolla. walking 
distance. Garage, laundry, pool. $650 + 112 
utilities. 658-0227. (411) 

FOR RENT 
PRE-RENT your summer or faM of 99 OFF 
CAMPUS HOUSING. We have 2·3-4 or 5 
bedroom houses or condos. Near UTCI 
UCSD. For Information call 619·578~57. 
(3129-4/29) 
Room now available. 10 minutes from UCSD. 
Only $310/mo. or$425 for huge masterlbath 
+ 113 utilities. (Fernaleonty)ceH Shirin/Jenna 

. 492·9668 or 9to-l448. (3129) 
UTC/La Jolla Cotony town!lome: 3 bedroom, 
2.5·bath $1675; 4·bedroom. 2·bath $2t5O 
available late June. New cerpet, pelnt, 
refrigerator/washer/dryer. Near UTC. Costa 
Verde. 454-6462. (411-12) 

FOR SALE 
Brand name computers with monitors from 
$299.00. Compaq. IBM, NEC. lnternat wortd 
PCS.619-690-2168. www.tijuanapc.com.(31 
11-4/8) 

VV ANT E D 
EGG DONORS NEEDED! 

Desper.ltely wanted by Infertile. hopeful 
puents. All races needed. Aces 21 -30. 

Compensation $4.000. Please call 
OPTIONS National fertility 

ReJlstry (100)88'-9)73. 

Caucasian Research subjects reimbursed 
for intetview.1f you are a UCSD student, 21· 
25. call 552-8585 x4185 for more information. 
(111 1-613) 
Vofunteers paid $30.00 for interview. If you 
are entirely of Japanese or Korean descent, 
age 21·25. call 552·8585 x 2182. (In-613) 
Jewish Research subjects reimbursed for 
intetview. If you are a UCSD student, 21·25, 
call 552·8585 x4185 for more information. 
(1/11·6/3) 
Give the miracle of IHe· Becoming an egg 
donor. Females between 21 & 31 , call (619) 
673·0885. (Compensation for time . 
inconvenience) (2116-613) 

MONDAY-FRIDAY 9:00am-5:30pm 
WEDNESDAYS IO:OOam-5:30pm 

The UCSD Guardian 

"Make a Difference" 
In couples lives that 
are longing to. have a 

family. 
They need your 

special HELP 
If you are healthy and 
between 19-30 yrs old 

Compensation is 
heartily given for 

your time and effort 
$3000.00 plus $150.00 
for travel expenses. 
Please call CREATIVE 
CONCEPTIONS, INC. 

1-888-411-EGGS 
e·mall: cCfnceggs"aol.com 

web page 
C reatlveconceptfon.net 

Become an Egg Donor. Help makea couple's 
dream come true. Surrogate Parenting 
Setvices. (800)373·9525. (3111-611) 
ASIAN EGG DONOR NEEDED: 0 blood 
type. Taiwanese, Korean. or Japanese 
preferred. Financially rewarding. Call Tara 
(61 9)449·9497. (3129·4129) 
EXTRA MONEYIII SKIN BIOPSY for Cystic 
Fibrosis Study. Wanted: Normal male 
votunteers to donate four (4) skin plugs 
(back! shoulder). $75.00 compensation. 
STUDY SITE: UCSD Medical Center 
(Hillcrest). CALL: 543·6935 or e·mail 
IbouckOucsd.edu $75 for your skin! (4/1) 

WE'RE LOOKING FOR A 
FEW GOOD SPERM! Sperm 
donors needed. Aces 2()'39.AlI races. 

$SO per acceptable donation. Call 
OPTIONS Nadonal Fertility. 

ReJlttry (100)816-937). 

Summer Sublet, condo. house, or apt.. 2 or 
3 bedroom. UTC or La Jolla area. responsible, 
professional. (760) 353-8861 . (411·28) 
Herpeuncl Cold So",s: Emotional support 
and accurate medical information. Call San 
Diego City HELPO at (619)491-1194 for 
recorded Info. (411) 
Romance 101 : Write for free info. Romance 101. 
502 Scholar ct. Edgewood. MD. 21040. (4/t) 
Egg Donors needed. Healthy. intelligent, 
anractive. responsible women (ages 18·30 
yrs) to assist childless couples. 
Compensation $3.000. Call 800·711 ·2442. 
(411-12) 
WANTEO: 3 BEOROOM APARTMENT, 
CONDO. OR TOWNHOUSE TO RENT OR 
LEASE IN SEPTEMBER FOR THE 1999· 
2000 SCHOOl YEAR. Preferably soinething 
in UCSD/UTC area and near bus lines. Call 
Melody or Liana at 455·7827. (4/1-613) 

LOST & FOUND 
Missing: Compaq 1235laptop computerlrom 
Black HalV Warren Apartments on Sunday, 
March 7th. Reward for ~s retum or information 
leading to its retum. Call 455·7827 ore·mail: 
Stars91913@aol.com (318·418) 
Found (319/99) : Wristwatch, between Bonner 
Hall and the Grove. To cfaim, please send 
deSCription to kurtOucsd.edu (3129·4/1) 

SERVICES 
NEED A TUTOR? SUCCESS Tutoring Setvices. 
Hundreds of tutors available for al subjects, 
reasonable rates (619) 51· TUTOR (619)518-8867 

CLASSIFIEDS 17 

http://welcorne.toliutor (318·4126) 

r----------, 
1 1 
I 1 
1 1 
1 1 
1 1 

: MI AR: 
1 HAND 1 
1 CARWASH 1 
1 5716 Mlram.r Rd. : 
1 (Behind Unocal 76 Station) 1 
1455-1120 • M-s.t. a.m.Spm, Sun. lam-4pm 

~lOF~~;l 
-----------~ Typing Setvice. Proficient in Word Processing. 
WordPerfect 6.1 , MS Word, Excel and Power 
Point. 2n..Q303. (3129-4/5) 

PERSONALS 
You know you wish you were one olthe Cool 
Girts of Cape La Jolla like RB who doesn't 
sleep, HP who doesn't go to class and YA 
whodoesn'ttell anyone what she does. (411) 
I caught Nancy Kerrigan in a revue of the 
musical 'Grease· on ice skates. Haven1 
seen choreography that stiff since the Lee 
Hatvey Oswald prison transfer. (4/1) 
Joison coined a phrase. and Sinatra was a 
great collaborator, but Joe Williams was 
THE jazz singer. So long.(411) 
Excuse me Coach K. but I believe t ordered 
fries with this meal. (411) 

SOCIETY BILLIARD CAfE 
Restaurant & Bar • 15 Pool Tables 

9-8a11 Tournament every Wed. Ni8ht! 
. M-f Noon .. 2am. Sat. (, Sun. llam-2am 

1051 Garnet Avenue. Pacific Beach 272-POOL 
~--------~---- --------------
I 1 Up to $8 value I I F ••• POOL I 
I .... lIour... r I .......... 1111 , IHII I 
I --.. 2nd ---.. --.11 I I -A v.lue of U. to $401 I I .... _r r_ I I (With SIO rninirrun foodlbe\lerase plrchase I 
I (Ewel'Jllme •• .InrIlme) I I . - .per ~erson) I 
I ... , I I Bnns In this coupon! I 
L _ !r~ ~ t~ :.~~[~. ~1~9:..... _ I I _ ..!r~ ~~ o.!!er_&~~1 ~1~9 __ J 

-") 
I 
I 
I 

I I 

: ... i fr", .. ,.. II""""" : 
I .., .. _______ I 

I ... #: L~~~~~~~~~~~II 
I ......... ,. •• *' 
1'0 10 _1IsiII0 I 
I ",., ........... ,. ..... ;, I 
II .. ,.".". ......... "..., _ ,,_ '1 

_--,----.,.....J I 
not be I 
...,!le~o i~d ...... 

Gain experience with the oldest Human Relations 
organization in the U.S. 

DOMIN 
DELIV 

--

PIZZA -

SIOf_fRS 
B.".... WINGS San Diego Internships are available for Political Science, 

Communications, Journalism, International Relations and 
Web Page Management majors. 

Some positions are paid a stipend, some are for credit. 
We're the Amercan Jewish Committee and we seek to build bridges 

with ethnic and religiOUS organizations locally and around the 
world. Help us to promote democratic values and pluralism as the 

best defens~ against bigotry of all forms. 
Por more information, call 619-546-8m or visit our 

National Web Page:www.ajc.org 
Email us at sandiego@ajc.org 

4PC 

MEDlUI4, LARGE, ExTllA LARGE 
OIl Pepperoni Sau·ace 
" Ham Bacon 
Z Ground Beef Mu.hroom. 
L Green Peppers Banana Peppers 
L Black Olive. Onion. 
o Jalapellos Tomatoe. 
.. Pineapple Double Chee.e 

3211 Holiday Ct. 
Triton ~c!! ~ 

Hot ...... ey or BBQ 
Do ...... Clleesy Bread 
Bn!JdsddIt smothered 
w/chee .. 
Garden .... d 
(wlRanch or iuliMl dressing) 
Twisty "'ad'· 
(wi Free Oippin& Sauce) 
Collt® or Diet Coloe® 
1200L cans, 6-Pack 
or 2·lker bottle 

CALL 4Sl-UCSD 
(452-8273) 

Hours: Sun.-Thurs. II am- I am, Fri. & Sat. II am-2 am 



18 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian Thursday, April I, 1999 

'!~~lie IlmiilU 

Hlgbnllle Ipener Ilr 
SUNGOO'99 

IPPIV I,r lIIe 
Banle .f the Balds 

b,April2-
applications available 

see Yvon1e, 3rdIoorPriceCenter 
53.·5251 

Many surf magazines and trav-
tl books slate Blacks Beach, 
which is literally located in 
UCSD's backyard,. as one of the 
best ard most coll$istent spots 
along the California coast. It 
attracts swells from all sorts of 
directions. Some days are so good, 
$0 clean and $0 blue, that still pho-
tos of South Peak lefts can resem· 
bIe Jndo O!' (]'LInd. 'This being 
said, Blacks has its "off days," too. 
For as lIIIIIy days that it's "on," 
... _ five or six limes as many 
days'" ~ is "off." 

TIle UCSD surf team experi-
enced an ~umple of the frustra-
tion that can resuk from such 
inconsistency at last weekend's 
National Scholastic Surfing 
Association's (NSSA) State 
Championahipl held at Churches 
in San Clemente. 

It was • day of "ons" and 
"offs" for the membel'S of too 
UCSD surf learn: the "ons" 
excelled tautifully; the "offs" 
floundered in the opening two 
rounds. These inconsistencies 
added up 10 a slightly disappoint-
ing, yet definitely respectable 
third place tearn finish,' behind 
San Diego Stale Universily and 
UC Santa Bari:lara. 

Allnie l'woroger, Josh 
"Champ" Rhodes and Iongboard-
ers Ryan Eckhoff and Dylan 

Catholic Community .at UCSD 

Jones were undoubcedly "on" for 
UCSD. Tworoger picked off 
some of the beUer waves in an 
otherwise meager 2 to 3 fOOl 
slop, taking lhe ~omen's divi-
sion tille. Eckhoff and Jones took 
first and second place respective-
ly in the longboard bracket. 
Rhodes finished fourth overall in 
the shortboard division. 

Though not everyone was 
"on" for UCSD Ie State. Rhodes 
hopes the leam wiU be running 
on all cylinders for Nationals, 
which are 10 be held later in the 

quaner. 
, "We have a good chance to 

win lhe thing if we can get all our 
gears tiring," Rhodes said 

- John M8yMrd 

The Stanford Cardinal may 
have been knocked out of the 
NCAA basketball tournament in 
the second IQUnd, but the stu-
dents had IUl()tber kind of March 

• 

Madness to wOO}' about: tIii: 
's Ultima&e Disc Stanford 

Invftational on March 6-7. 
JoioinB Stanbd up nodh were 

schools such as Notre Dame 
Univeniey. Ullivenity of Oregm, 
University of Brilish Columbia, 
BlOwn University and, of course, , 
UCSI)'$ team. blown as 
Psycau_ UCSP came inlO the 
invitational seeded third in the 
tournament and did not disappoint. 

On lhe first day, Psycaughtil 
beat Brown 10-6 and then lost to 
host and eventual champion 
Stanford 13-7. Despite the loss, 
UCSD's 7 points were the most 
scored agaiDII Stanford all week-
end and the most lhe Tritons have 
ever scored. The team then went 
on to lose to British Columbia. 
which finiabed sec:ond in the 
tournament. 

For lbe sccbnd and last days 
of the weekend lournament. 
UCSD apin had a strong show-
ing. Psy~ghlit beat Univeraity 
of Colorldo in a scrimmage and 
then .defeated a strong Notre 
Dame team 13-'2. The run ended 
for UCSD in the quarterfinals of 
the invitational with a loss to 
Otegon in a hald-fought match. 
All in all, PSycaugbil did well. 

~'We're pleased with our per-
formance overall." Bryn Manynt 
said. "And we're ready to work 
even harder next quarter." 

- .... Gordon 

Fllfl,4. e,lls" E.rty •• d 
9.rprl" Y,.r F.,.llyt 

Holy Week Schedule 
A rill ' 

Holy Thur day 
Mass of the Lord's Supper 

8:30pm 
University Lutheran 

Church 

A ril2 
Good Friday Servic 
The Lord' Pa Ion 

5:30pm 
Price enter Ballroom 

A ril3 
Holy Saturday 

Easter Vigil 
9:00pm 

Price Center Ballroom 

A ril4 
Easter Sunday 

lO:OOam 
Price Center Ballroom 

Summer credit classe,s start 
June 1 st for $1 05/unit. 
Call today for more , info 
or to request a bulletin 

(800)500-9377, or visit our_ 
website at www.csm.edu/es 

CALIFORNIA 
STATE UNIVERSITY 
SAN MARCOS 

Thursday, April I. 1999 

Lone Fencer to Finals 
GO EAST: Ted Padgitt grabs 14th in saber at Nationals 
By Jake Gordon 
Sports Editor 

For those who may be confused 
due to their presence at a campus 
on the wrong side of Highway 8, 
fencing does not involve restrain-
ing wandering cattle or letting 
your neighbors know where your 
property lines lie. In 
athletics, fencing is 
a duel, plain and 
simple. 

On March 18-2 1, 
UCSO's fencing team expericnced 
the ultimate thrill of the duel as it 
took part in the mother of all fenc-
ing ballles: the NCAA Fencing 
Champio:\~hips, held in Waltham, 
Mass. Expert fencers from across 
too nation try throughout too season 
to qualify at their regional champi-
onships for a chance to compete. 

This year, UCSD's lone repre-
sentative at the championshi~s was 
junior Ted Padgill. Undefeated in 
saber conference play, Padgill only 
missed claiming first place in con-
ference due to a missed meet early 
in the season. He sti ll qualified for 
the championships. however, after 
a strong showing in the regionals at 
Stanford University. 

Freshman Wes Bellanca, who 
serves as the Triton's foil team cap-
tain , also fenced very wcll at 
Stanford. placing fourth in the 
Western ~ivision . Unfortunately 
for Bellanca, his early scason strug-
gles were reason enough for the 
coach's commillee to keep him 
from nationals. So UCSO's hopes 

were riding on Padgill, who 
claimed 16th place in the foil at last 
year's championships. 

This year, Padgill improved to a 
solid 14th overall in saber. 

However, the place was 
bittersweet for 

....... 

Padgitt, who 
just missed out on 

All-American status. 
The top 12 fi nishers 

are automatic All-Americans. 
"We thought he might get AII-

American," Head Coach Stuart Lee 
said. "He's gOlthe talent but it just 
wasn't his day." 

This year, the Triton fencing 
team faced a rebuilding year. Of the 
16 starters in various events, 9 were 
freshmen . Despite this lack of col-
legiate experience, the team per-
formed at a very high level. 

All year, Triton fencers were 
competing for first place in confer-
ence. Although none of them 
attained it. they competed 
admirably. Junior Julia Kulla-
Mader finished only I single point 
short of claiming an epec title. 
while Padgitt's missed meet was his 
downfall in conference. Overall, 
UCSO is losing only 2 fencers this 
year and will be more experienced 
next season as a result . 

"We've got a couple of good 
recruits coming in next year as 
well," Lee said. "So we will have a 
very solid team." 

The UCSD Guardian . SPORTS 19 

Tritons Have A Tough Break 
DlmCULT: UCSD has only notched one victory in its last four matches 
By Bill Bu". 
Senior Staff Writer 

Chances are that your Spring 
Break was better than that of the 
Triton tennis team. 

After being thoroughly beaten 
by rival Redlands University on 
the Saturday before tinals 

tory. 
No. 3 doubles was also close, 

but Graeme Boushey and Vincent 
Oarmohusado pulled out the vic-
tory, 8-5. By winning two of the 
three pro-sets, the Tritons were 
awarded the doubles point and 

headed into singles play with 
week, the Tritons then ...... _-. ... a 1-0 lead. 
hosted Williams 
University. The 
East Coast power 
also took UCSD 
out, 2-5, leaving it to 
lick its wounds as the 
Tritons came away with many 
nagging injuries. The following 
Saturday, theTritons had a double 
header at Muir College's north 
courts. The early match saw the 
Tritons lose a heartbreaker to 
Pomona-Pitzer 4-3 . But luckily 
for the Tritons, the break ended on 
a high note with a 5-2 victory in 
the afternoon match over 
Chapman College. 

In the Chapman match, the 
Tritons were able to win the dou-
bles point, something that they 
were unable to do in any of their 
other three recent matches. 

At No. I doubles, Steve Shabel 
and Joe Zerboni hung clo c and 
found themselves tied at 7 after 14 
games. The pro-sel seemed to be 
destined for a ti c-breaker, but 
Shabel and Zerboni lost the next 
two games and the pro-set. 

At No. 2 doubles. Brian Crain 
and Mike RoseH followed up their 
victory at Pomona with an 8-5 vic-

The match of the 
day was at No. 1 sin-
gles between Shabel 
and Chapman's best 

player, Chun Ly. The first 
set was close, but Ly broke 

Shabel's serve once too often 
and won it, 6-4. The second set 
was also tight, but Shabel eventu-
ally won 'the set, 6·3. In the third 
set, the outcomes of the first 12 
games proved nothing as the play-
ers remained tied at 6. In the tie-
breaker, Ly was ultimately too 
tough and handed Shabel a rare 
loss, 6-7. 

At No.2 doubles, Joe Zerboni 
pulled out a close match. The first 
set was tied at 5 before Zerboni 
broke his opponent Scott Koller to 
take the set 7-5. Koller won the 
sccond set 6-3 and the third set 
went to a tie-breaker; Zerboni was 
eventually able to prevail, howev~ 
er, winning 6-3, 5-7, 7-6. 

The malch between the No. 3 
si ngles players saw Jason Hipp 
get off to a slow start as he quick-
ly 10 t the first set, 1-6. The sec-
ond set was much more competi-
tive, but in the end Hipp witS again 
unable to p·ull it out, losing in a tie 

breaker 6-7. 
Mike Rosett played impre -

sively at No. 4 single . He had lit -
tle trouble with his foe and went 
on to an easy victory, 6-1, 6-1. 

At No. 6 singles, Vincent 
Oarmohusado filled in due to a 
few Triton injuries. Oarmohusado 
had little difficulty in the first set. 
winning 6-1 . The second set was 
much closer, but Darmohusado 
was able to pull it out 6-4 to win 
the match. 

When all was said and done the 
Tritons escaped with a 5-2 victory. 
The win ran the Tritons' record to 
3-9 on the year. 

Earlier in the day, the Tritons 
lost Jo Pomona-Pitzer 3-4. The 
key to the match was Pomona-
Pitzer's wins at No. I and 3 dou-
bles, which won them the doubles 
point. Both pro-sets went to tie 
breakers. Had the Tritons won 
either of them, they would have 
captured the doubles point and the 
match. In singles, no match went 
to three sets. The Tritons won at 
No. I, 2 and 4, whi Ie Pomona-
Pitzer won at No. 3, 5 and 6. 

The loss 10 Pomona-Pitzer 
hurts UCSO's chances of making 
it to Regionals. The closeness of 
the match with the disappointing 
result seems 10 be a theme for the 
Triton season. 

"We' ve losing a lot of close 
ones that we didn't expect to 
lose," Head Coach Eric 
Steidl mayer said. "It's disappoint-
ing but we're doing OK." 



20 SPORTS The UC~D Guardian Thursday,April 1,1999 

........... 

..... .",,.,..,. 
,.,., .. 

- A tat. but somehow 
.eruemety attJactNtl 

unknown on-Iooke, Wtth a 
10m IeftACL PORT·S 

The 
Coach 
Travis HIli 
Spring Break Pain 
Killer Fantasies 

Welcome to spring! Ahh, I 
love spring. The sun is out, 
there are softball games and 
barbecues a-plenty, the girlies 
arc scantily clad, and there is 
nothing beller being a the beach 
with a Padre game on the radio 
and a cooler of ice cold ... oh 
well , why lie, fruit punch ! 

Of course for those who 
know the filthy Coach, you 
know that I will not be partici -
pating in many of these games, 
as I have destroyed my knee. 
However, J can still lay around 
and get retarded-drunk on the 
beach. But I digress (as u ·ual ). 

Anyway, as I was layi ng 
around, being worthless over 
my spring break, I was just 
thinking about how great it 
would be if this whole Division 
II thing spawned some sort of 
sports revolution on campus. I 
can just see it: all these students, 
finding out that sports are fun 
and loving it. 

I thought that it would begin 
with something like a soccer or 
water polo ex travaganza in the 
fall of 2000. One (or all three) 
of the teams would make and 
host the finals , and the school 
would tum out en masse. All the 
fraternities and sororities would 
stop hunting for goats and 
marines and come out to the 
games. There would be ph at 
tailgate parties before the game 
and there would be thousands of 
Triton fanatics that would cheer 
the teams to victory! 

I think it is important to note 
here that I was on heavy 
painki lIers over the break due to 
this major knee surgery of mine. 
[ had many hallucinations last 
week, and this is really one of 
the few that didn ' t include 
midgets and enormous donkey-
birds (I was VERY sedated), so 
bear with me as this story gets 
even weirder. 

So then, with all of this fan 
support, the students begin to 
spontaneously rally for a foot-
ball team. This is an unprece-
dented event, and it was passed 
on the next ballot at school. 

The kids had finall y won the 
war for fun and they then got a 
new football stadium huilt 
behind R1MAC where the forest 
is now. All of the sudden, 
RIMAC would go from being 
an already incredible sports 
facility to perhaps the best in the 
nation, including Division I. 

J think. it 's important to take 
another break here and reiterate 
that all of this was a dream. In 
it, the new football stadium was 
constructed in slightly less than 
four hours. But who wants to 
hear reality? Besides, even if 
you did , why are you reading 
omething with my name on it? 

See DAZED, Page 14 

UCSD has had its up and downs 
lately) going 2-2 with two straight 
losses) then two huge wins) 
including one over POiYft Lorna 
By Brian Welle. 
Staff Writer 

UCSD sports fans are about to 
discover that the beloved base-

. hall team is again consistent 
in one thing - its incon-
si ·ten..:y. 

Before losi ng 9-3 
and 13-4 on a two-
game road trip against 
Biola University and UC 
Ri verside last Friday and 
Sunday, the Tritons conquered 
Eastern Connecticut State and 
Point Lorna Nazarene College at 
home. The Tritons disposed of 
Division /I Point Lorna by a score 
of 21-11 and crushed defending 
NCAA Division III National 
Cham'pion East Co~necticut State 
7-2. 

The Tritons showed no sign that 
they were on vacation when Point 
Lorna Nazarene visited Triton field 
last Tuesday, March 23. The 
turnout at home was sizable con-
sidering that the opponent school 
was out for the week, and the 100 
UCSD faithful seemed to invigo-
rate the Triton offense by their 
presence. 

The concepts of restraint or lack 
of aggression at the plate were not 
seen hy those witnessing the game. 
Instead, the story of the afternoon 
read more like amazement in the 
eyes of the fans, the players and 
Coach O'Brien. 

The glory began in the top of the 

first when Point Lorna posted 3 
runs off)ames Peters' two-run blast 
to left center followed by first base-

man Dustin Neal's RBI dou-
ble. The tirst inning fire-
works were only the 

beginning of what 
pitchers on both teams 
would have to face all 

day. Fortunately for 
UCSD starter Eddie Ishak, 

the 3-0 score would soon be 
changed. 

The boltom of the first will 
probably be remembered in Triton 
lore for the '99 season. The Tritons 
sent 12 men to the plate and seven 
of those returned to the dugout with 
a run to their credit. 

Matt Merrifield, who led the 
team in balting average among 
starters through last Wednesday 
with a .319 mark, led off the first 
inning hitting campaign with a sin-
gle to left. 

Kenny Fluharty followed wi!h a 
sacrifice bunt sending Merrifield to 
second. Third baseman Ryan Hill 

Usa Huff/ Guardian 
a ••• IICk!: Triton second baseman Kenny Fluharty dives back to 
first in last Monday's 3-0 upset win over Montclair State (NJ). 
singled to left .. moving Merrifield 
to third. Eric Thorpe got another 
base hit, scoring Merrifield. The 
rest of the inning read the same 
way on the stat sheet with the 
Tritons driving in runs off singles, 
and in the process wearing down 
Point Lorna starter Dustin Love 
until he was knocked out after only 
a third of an inning. 

Everyone involved in the game 
knew that they were in for a barn-
burner when Point Lorna tired back 
with 3 runs off 4 hits in the top of 
the second. UCSD experienced a 
reawakening of its bats in the bot-
tom of the fourth when Waymon 

Howze led-off with a walk. 
Merrifield was then beaned, by 
Wujek. After a line drive out to sec-
ond by Fluharty, Ryan Hill doubled 
to right center, ~ringing in Howze 
and Merrifield. Eric TI10rpe beat 
out a grounder to first base for 
another Triton RBI and UCSD led 
10-6 going into the top of the fifth. 

Eventually, Poiill Lorna nar-
rowed the gap to 10-8 and forced 
Eddie Ishak out of the game in the 
top of the inning, but UCSD came 
back in the bottom of the fifth to 
prove that the hitting fest was far 
from complete. The Tritons put up 
five additional runs in lhat inning 
alone and six more in the seventh, 
despite only 3 hits. 

The damage report read UCSD 
21, Point Lorna Nazarene II with 
Whopping afternoons by Merrifield 
- 3 for 4 with 4 runs scored - and 
Ryan HiII- 2 for 5 with 3 runs and 
2 RRls. The 2 I-point tally marks the 
most runs scored by the Tritons in a 
game this year, and incredibly there 

See BAA_ALL, Page 15 

Dominant UCSD Opens Record to 11'() 
UNDEFEATED: With wins over Lewis and Clark and Luther College, UCSD continues dream season 
By Jake Gordon 
Sports Editor 

[n the midst of March Madness 
and Spring Break, one of the best-
performing Triton squads has been 
overlooked. Quietly and efficiently, 
Head Coach Liz LaPlante's 
women's tenni s team has been 
racking up win after win against 
quality opponents. The Tritons 
have demolished the competition 
on their way to an impressive 11 -0 
record, including wins over two 
tough Claremont/Pomona/Pitzer 
teams. UCSD's standing in the 
polls rose even further this week as 
it beat Lewis & Clark College 7-2 
on Monday and Luther College 6-3 
on Tuesday. 

The match against Luther was 
the most exciting of the year. The 
first matches in any competition 
are the doubles pro-sets, which 
turned out to be Luther 's forte. 
UCSD lost all three doubles 
matches and squandered a 
big lead in the 
(irst. Down 3-0, 
the best of nine 
match competition 
seemed to be in jeopardy. 
Luther only needed to win 
two of the singles matches to get 
the victory. Yet the Tritons just 
wouldn ' t let it happen. 

After No. I player Kirsten 
Olsen cruised to victory 6-2, 6-1, 
both No. 2 and No. 3 players Maria 

Nguyen and Lyndsay Tadlock 
dropped their first sets 3-6. Both 
players bounced back to take the 
second set and continued into the 
deciding third set. At least one of 

them had to win to keep 
UCSD's chances alive. 

As it turned out, 
they both won. 
Nguyen and 
Tadlock dominat-

ed their third sets, win-
ning 6-1 and 6-2, respec-

tively. Yen Yen Ho, Rachel 
Gunther and Becky Jones all won 
in two sets, securing the victory for 
UCSD. 

"It was a hard way to win a 
match." LaPlante said "But it was a 

good way to win because everyone 
had to dig deep and play on. It was 
probably our best win all year." 

The day before, the Tritons 
rolled through a Lewis and Clark 
team that had only lost one match 
all season. Olsen was taken to 
three sets in the No. I match but 
eventually prevailed 6-4, 2-6, 6-3. 
The other singles matches were 
dominated by the Tritons, includ-
ing the No. 5 match where 
Gunther blew away her opponent 
6-0, 6-2. Doubles were again the ' 
team's achilles heel as it struggled 
to a 2-1 record. The overall 7-2 
victory gave UCSD momentum 
into the match against Luther. 

See lIN .... , Page 14 
. ~ 



Underwear 
MTV to Buy San 
Diego State 
San Diego - In an attempt to 
lind a campus that will serve 
as a base of operations for a 
new, perpetual Spring-Break 
program, MlV has decided to 
buy SDSU. The network exet:-
utives plan on making the uni-
versity a constant party :wne. 
complete with 24-hour free 
concerts, a constant flow of 
free beer and a party coordina-
tor who will also serve as 
president of the uni versity. 
Although no appointment has 
otlicially been made. sources 
close to MlV say that popular 
VJ Jesse "The Antibody" 
Camp will most likely serve 
as the next SDSU president. 
SDSU Student President Colin 
Drunk said that as a whole the 
students are looking fo rward 
to the change in ownership. 
"Ya know. it 's all good. It ·s all 
free. It 's all beer. GO SDSU !" 

- Th e Daily Vapid 

Trust ... to Ban 
College Students 
Hanover. D.H. - In a move 
that prompted outcry from 
the Dartmouth College 
Alumni Association. the uni-
versity recently announced 
that it has decided to ban col-
lege students. stating that 
Ihey are nOl conduci ve to an 
acadell' lc environment. "I 
feel that students take away 
from the elite academic 
atmosphere that we. as a fat:-
ulty, have worked so hard to 
create," stated Preston Henry 
David Lodge Sarvuelson VII . 
Dartmouth College tyrant. in 
a press release issued yestcr-
day~ "Furthermore, professors 
have an obligation to bring 
prestige and donations to a 
uni versity, not to baby-sit 
underage brats." 

- The Loudmouth 

Regents Sue for 
Indecent Exposure 
Los Angeles - The Daily 
Brew-ill, the student paper of 
UCLA, is being sued by the 
UC Board of Rejects for print-
ing a nude. full -page picture 
of Wary Conerly as part of an 
investigative piece titled 
"Beneath the Board." Editor 
'n' Chef Jack Haas said that 
the paper ran the art icle 
because it is dedicated to 
showing students all aspects 
of the ir rejects. UC Spook 
Jack Ritter said that the uni-
versity thought running the 
photo was a invasion of priva-
cy, in addition to being an 
inaccurate portrayal of 
Conerly. 

- Daily Brew-ill 

Splooge ••. 
"If seemt highLy 
illogicaL that any group 
of peopLe couLd stand to 
be around each other as 
much ar; the st~ff of that 
crappy campus 
newspaper does. " 

- Kevin Stephens 
Editor in Chief for life 

Muir Quarterly 

Internet: www.hotnslcedsluts.com 
E-mail: iiberpuss~csd. edu 

Crack Smoking Sports Wants 
Midterms ? FinaLs ? No, just trying to 
find something to do on a Friday night 
in La JoLLa. You want to taLk hard?! 

The sports editors 
perform an expose on 
athLete's bodies 

Death - our reporters 
debate whether it 
shouLdlt be outLawed 

1M I. RU 12? R2-D2? 

The Good, page 001 The Bad, page The Ugly, page Q 

, H E D I 5 R E • 

THURSDAY, APRIL I, 1999 

HOLY OBELISK BATMAN! 

Our reporter penetrates deep into the issues at hand 
representati ve of the uni versi ty 
announced Tuesday that a defi niti ve 
agreement had been signed with the 
trustees of the Stu Art Collection to 
erect a giant , ceremonial phallus on 
campus. The phallus. measuring 6.5 
yards in length, will be mounted in the 
plaza adjacent to the Women's Studies 

Department. per the request of the department 's 
nominal head, B. Jobs. Construction will begin 
as soon as the dean of the School of 
Engineering Iinali zes the design of the high-
pressure fountai n that will sit atop the phallus. 

The agreement represents the cl imax of a 
two-year quest to obtain funding and approval 
for the SIO million symbol of sublime male 
dominance and virility. The project, once in 

_ W,.4 fl danger of being castrateded from the budget, 
Si-,,2 was saved by the last-minute back-door maneu-

verings of UC Prez Dick Atkinson and the 
entire Board of Regents. 

'The phallus represents our li rm resolve to 
preserve the university's proud, patriarchal her-
itage and project the enriching products of its aca-
demic research into the future," Big Dick said. 

Samuel Wanker, the project's chief archi-
tect, could hardly contain his excitement at the 
hard-won approva l. 

P¥< ~" "Before the approval, I felt as though there 
TIMr~ ( was th is intense pressure building up inside 

me," Wanker said. "Today, I have the chance to 
let it all burst out." 

VOLUME 40 OZ W IT H MAJO R IS UES 

Student Center 
Expansion 
Plans Unveiled 
WHAT THE ... : Adult movies, 
monster trucks and the continued 
repre sion of the Co-ops 
By JuliaJuliaBoBullaBananaFanaFoFoolla 
MeMiMoMoolia JULIA! 

The Di vis ion for Yielding New and 
Extensive Studies (D.Y.N.E.S.) unvei led its 
new, cont roversial University Centers expan-
sion proposal Sunday, prompting crit icism 
from students, faculty and staff who argue 
that the plan does not represent their interests. 

D.Y.N.E.S. proposed a number of changes 
to the Price Center and Student Center 
including tuming the Price Center Theatre 
into an adult entertainment venue, building a 
monster truck ring in the middle of the Price 
Center and tearing down the Student Center 
so that the Faculty Club can be expanded. 

'The uni versity is committed to allracting 
a diverse group of students amd faculty to this 
campus," said Orinne Ann Barrett. the chai r 
of D.Y.N.E.S. "We feel that the only way to 
meet this objective is to create a campus that 
is attractive to as many people as possible." 

Due to the removal of the Student Center, 
the Co-ops. Groundworks Book Collecti ve 
and the Grove will be relocated to the base-
ment of the Price Center where they will bet-
ter serve the underground. D.Y.N.E.S. stated 
that the committee members decided to 1110ve 
the organizations to that location because 
they have a history of being unprofit able. 

Wanker added that the sculpture' will be 
---.----4 ........... ..-...... --- cocked slightly to one side in an effo rt to main- "We wish they would just go bankrupt already," said the D.Y.N.E.S. chair, who 

wishes to remain anonymous. tain the trajectory of the high-pressure fountain 
toward the woman 's studies department. A thin 
tatex tarp will be draped around the sculpture at 
Jlight to protect it from the elements. 

"I can't be lieve that they' re wasting money 
.... -JiotIn another useless piece of art. Frankly, it 's 

hard to swallow," said Monica Lewin-
See DICK GO, Page 69 

til 

D.Y.N.E.S. also suggested that an addi-
tional food venue be established in the Price 
Center to deal with the increased demand 
for food due to the inconvenient new loca-
tion of the Co-ops and the Grove . 

"We have concluded that havi ng a 
Hooters restaurant or possibly Chuck E. 
Cheese restaurant in the current location of 
the A.S. Counci l offices would be an ideal 
addition to the Price Center," Barrett said. 

See SONOFA ••• , Page 10 

Manson To Speak at Graduation Ceremony 
PSYCHOTIC: Speaker 
promises no murder 
during commencement 
By The Spirit of Chari .. Manson 
Channeled Through Nick and John 

Former mass mU:'derer and cult 
leader, Charles Manson. will 
speak al UCS D's All -Campus 
Commencement on Sunday, June 
9, 1999. 

The man responsible for the 
murder of actress Sharon Tate, a 

we ll as many others, will make his 
speech, titled "Goa l ~ fo r a 
Generation and Research for the 
Future," at the 10 a.l11 . ceremony on 
RIMAC Field. 

Manson, unbeknownst to many, 
is a UC regent and accepted the 
offer to speak at UCSD after a 
t:ommittee's invi tation on behalf 
of the uni versity's 3,500 graduat-
ing students. 

The comm ittee extended the 
invitation after Manson was denied 
parole after yet another hearing and 

instead expressed an interest in 
coming to a UC cam pus to speak on 
the topic of science, research, and 
mass murder. 

Manson said he is happy to 
have the opportunity 10 speak at 
UCSD. 

"As a strong advocate for sci-
ence, research, goat fornication, 
mass murders, and fo retelling the 
apoca l yp~e, I am thrilled about the 
opportunilY to share my horrifying 
vision of the future, based on four 
goals for a generation and assorted 

Bentles songs, with the 1999 gradu-
ates of UCS D," Charl ie said. 
"That's why I carved the Sun God 
on my fo rehead." 

"I always enjoy working on the 
youth of America," Manson 
screamed, bi ting the head olT a 
Shari Lewis puppet, "I have a long 
history of teaching the nati on's 
upco ming leaders what a 
respectable society hould be like. 
Furthermore l... Crap! Shit! Fuck! 
Mothera sholebitchfucker! Raaaaa 
See UU HILL .. WILL, Page 0 



D2 GET ME THE FUCK OUT OF HERE!!! ! ! 
! ! I !,. ! , ! " I . 

UC Goes Forth With 
•• Plan for Ubercampus 

FRIGGIN' HUGE: 
Interstate 5 to be 
purchased for commuters 
By A Federation Battle Drold 
"Wipe Them Out. All of Them " 

Nooooooooooooo! In a move 
that rocked the higher education 
industry, the UC Regects announced 
that all nine University of California 
schools would be merged into one 
super-campus. known simply as the 
University of Cali fornia. 

"This is simply a continuation of 
the programs already in place at the 
individual schools," UC Regects 
Ward Connerly said at the press con-
ference. "We've had so much suc-
cess with the multiple college system 
at UC Santa Cruz and UC San Diego, 
we decided to apply the same model 
to the state of Californ ia." 

Under this plan, each of the nine 
Uni versities would become a col- . 
lege of the larger Uni versity of 
California. Students wi ll live at the 
campus they arc enrolled in. and 
attend classes schedu led at the 
other campuses. 

In the press release the regects 
stated that they understand that 
some of the schools are hundreds 
of miles apart , and that in order to 
compensate for thi s the break 
betwcen classes will he extcnded to 
20 minutes when the merger takes 
effect next fa ll. In add it ion, the uni -
versity has begun to develop an 
improved transportation system for 
students. The !irst part of this pro-
gram involves the purchase of 
Interstale 5. which. starl ing Sept. I . 
will only he avai lahle for use hy 
UC students and faculty. 

"This new plan conform nicely 
with our own policy," UCSD 

. Chancellor Robert Dynes replied 
when asked for comment. "Por years 
we have tried to discourage students 
from taking Liberal Arts and other 
non-engineering classes at UC San 
Diego. Under the new program, stu-
dents wi II attend these classes at lec-
ture halls at UC Berkeley and Santa 
Cruz. and all engineering courses 
wi ll be taught here at UCSD. Quite 
frankly, the other campuses are wel-
come to the artsy freaks - I never 
could stand them." 

Others were more critical of the 
plan. USC Provost Lloyd Armstrong, 
Jr. thought the new arrangement 
would give the University of 
Cali fornia an unfair advantage. 

"This proposed institution will 
have so many resources that no 
other un iversity would stand a 
chance competing against it for 
research grants," Annstrong said in 
a telephone interview. "Why would 
the US Army give .a research pro-
ject to USC's 9,500 graduate stu-
dents when they could have the 

C's 30,000 graduate students 
work on it instead, especially when 
the Uni versity of California already 
has their graduate students working 
in near-s lavery condit ions"" 

When told of Armstrong's cri ti-
cism, UC Regent Joanne Kozberg 
offered th is counter argument: 
" How dare he defy the UC 
Regcnts. Masters of A ll Creation I I 
will crush his puny university ami 
scatter his students to the wind!" 
The merger wi ll create the largest 
higher education insti lution on the 
face of Ihe Earth . wilh over 

See EUGIBLE, Page 3 

GUARDIAN 
WALT "THIRD TlME'S A CHARM" DICKINSON 

Jedi Master 
JULIA "GOOLlA" KULlA·MADER 

Green Burrito Monger 
TABITHA "SNACKMASTER" GRANSHAW 

Chief Smootcher 
LUNA "MACGYVER GROUPIE" SHANKAR 

Harhinger of Thin.Qs Long 
JESSICA "OJ" SCHEPPMANN 

Sex Instructor 
MARC COMER "THE COMER IAN" 

Bulboa, Ass 
WARO -THE NEW GUY" HAN 

lJ..,adwst 
JAKE "TITS!" GORDON 

)'our Santa Claa, Wet Dream 
JOHN "ETSOKAYI" MAYNARD 

Han.Qin· More Than Ten 
TRAVIS "THE GIMP" HILL 
"AtSociate Sports Editor-

MEGAN "BLOOOY BIKER CHIr.K" SMITH 
The buitor Formerly Known as Klein 
LAURA "BEAO FLASHER" KNIGHTEN 

I Drink Murphy 's 
ERIKA "BOOM BOOM" SNIDER 

World Class Hooker 
LINDSAY "ILONA PART OEUX" SWORSKI 

'TIJ.'O Tacos Short of a Combo Plate 
DAVID "MR. TUESDAY NIGHT" LEE 

Catlillac Man 
LISA "NUMBER 9" HUff t Queen of All Things Photograph,t 

JOHN "DICKHEAD" BARBER 
You Just Suck JOh'l. Sorry. 
NICK " iibefMOMO" RUNCO 

iJberEditor 
BRIAN "X.f>ltlLE" WIKNER 

How We Lookin '? 

SMART P£OPU Oave Lubitz . Joe Pan. Jeff Bariter. Genevteve COlt, Rachel Barg, Scott Yager 
GREAT SPOTS TO HAVE $EX ON CAMPUS 

The Hiatus Office. 555-JEFF. Suspended From the Ceiling o f the Stairwell in Glesellibrary 
GREAT PEOPLE TO HAVE SEX WITH IN SAID SPOTS 

DyneS. Bartle/. Leventhal. Bartler. Barefield. The Sun God. Bartle,. Bartle,. Bortler 
GREAT THINGS TO SAY DURING SEX TO SAID PEOPLE IN 5AID SPOTS 

'Oho "Ah " 'Ooh" "Mmm" "Whoo-hool" "Holy Shnlkes'" 'ZOInks' "Das Sum Gooood Chlck,n'" 
TACO EDITOR Scott "Good Rn:klance" Yager 

ANN "NO, YOU CAN 'T BUY A CAR WITH GUARDIAN MONEY" BAREAELD 
The Glue 

"MIX MASTER" MIKE MARTINEZ "BROCK" HALTER 
Tweak Scratcher LOIJer of Women 

YVETTE "JUNK MAIL IS ART" ALCALA 
The ArMtl! 

MALE PORN STAR Melody Gonzales 
BAD DRIVERS 

Jason Allen . Phillip Goldman. Ethan Levy. JacOb Meyberg. Brady PhelPS. Nate Smith 
-PROFESSIONAL DESIGNERS" John Barber. Casey BUltenhuys. Joe Pan 

The UCSD OosreGU8fl1I/IlI' pubIoshed Mor'<Iays '"" lluSOiljS cu'1lhe academe yo .. by '"" for the 'II.OenIS 
of UCSD ("'all. toke "" &"" • shol.l RelJoOOcIlOfI 01 1M newspaoer on any form. _ on _ or on pan. WItI> 
OIA aeflnssoon IS SI/lCl~ lJohbted. (SerualIOMl!5 may "floence us.) The UCSD OoSloGua-tJoM IS no! leSoonsobie 
for the retl.m of OOso!lClted ma'IUWlp!:S or iWt. (Go hJck )04.J'Se1YeS.) The Views ewessed here., dO not neces-

5"'~ reore5eflt the oomoon' of The UCSD OiSleGlJIIfdlllfl. the l.\'Werslty of CaI,lorno. or the Assocoated Students. 
(We',e not ",noreoders _ here.) Fhe UCSD OoSleGuarr1111n IS Iwded solely by _11S'1. 1.Ir<I secret "'ternet 
com _ .<e5 ) Hey. vasuol Wek:cme to hel. my "ond. Who ""'"'" up W'th this sn.? 

News/ Features: 534 PORN . SpeCial Edltoroal sex line: 534-658 1 
Oplnoon/ Splooge . 534 JERK. Hiatus: SAY WHAT 

AdvertiSing Oll,ce' 19roU·NOT FUNNY. Fax: 534-7691 
For a good time. call NICky. the stud. Yo Baby. get busyl 

Kill me. K,II me now. I wan! to go home 
UCSD Guardian, 9500 Gilman Drive 0316, 

La Jolla, CA 9209~316 
Actual locatIOn; ThiS little shot hole we call home. 

.' ................ . .. ............. • ...... IJ. , •• 

The Disre-Guardian Thursday, April I, 19~ 

60 TO HELL 

Please Don't Sue Us! (Assholes" .. ) 

BRIEFLY ••. 

Professor Initiates Research Study 
A professor, who has refused to be identi fied in 

order to preserve the randomness of his study, is 
conducting a social psycho logy experiment to deter· 
mine the extent of stress that a student can endure. 
He/ she will be doing this by advising various profes· 
sors in a number of departments to triple the work· 
load that students must complete by fourth week. In 
addition, a random number of departments have 
been assigned to schedule midterms on the same 
day. 

Stress will be measured in the number of students 
who drop the class or commit suicide. 

"In conducting this study, I hope to discover the 
maximum amount of work assigned to each student 
before they drop the class or commit suicide," he/ she 
said. "I believe this has wide applications in every 
department. " 

Many prestigious scientific journals have already 
expressed an interest in publishing his results, saying 
that they have never heard of such an ingenious and 
valuable study. 

Six Engl .... rlng Students Are 
Given UCSD Honors 

UCSD administrators are honoring six students for 
managing to find their way to the roof of the engineer-
ing building at 11 p.m. on Tuesday in order to cele-
brate a birthday. According to the chair of the engi-
neering department, the maze of stairs has never 

been conquered by mere undergraduate students. 
Lucky for them, they were seen by a female janitor ' 
who was cleaning at that late hour. She nominated 
them for the prestigious UCSD Genius Awards (after a 
few bites of a magic birthday cake) . 

Chance llor Robert Dynes and University of 
California President Dick Atkinson will be 1;lving the 
awards at the next Regents meeting. 

First Vear 2000 Baby May Be 
Conceived at UCSD 

UCSD female undergraduate students are invited 
to receive 199 independent research credit to partiCi-
pate in a math professor's project to father the first 
baby of the year 2000. He is looking for up to 20 
females who are willing to copulate in mid-April. 

Those students who become pregnant will be 
taken to an uninhabited island at the International 
Dateline and a cesarean section delivery willobe per-
formed at 11:59 p·.m. on Dec. 31, 1999. In addition 
to the four units, these students will receive interna-
tional acclaim for mothering the first children of the 
century as well as a baby to take home. The UC 
Regects have already promised to give $1,000 scho~ 
arships to these women for bringing such prestige and 
honor to the UC system. A $1,000,000 prize will be' 
given to the professor. 

For information on volunteering for this 199 millen-
nium project, please call 534·YUCK. 

The List of Fools 
The Asian gang members who 

stole Coach's car 
Kevin Stephens 

David Lewis 
Jerry Fallwell 

The Koala Softball Team 
All of the Parking Nazis!! 

Joe Pan 
Monica Lewinsky.'s mouth 

UC Regents 
. . .. • .. .. ~ ...... 'O.'O ........ 'O . .. P 

SO Union-Tribune 
Parking Tyrant Greg Snee 

The Bike Cop 
Travis Hill 

The Deceased John Murphy 
Graduate Housing Waiting List 

The Stanford Fencing Team 
Fry's employees 
Backstreet Boys 
UCSD Bookstore 

Thursday, April I, 1999 The Dim-Guardian DIDN'T YOU HEAR WHAT I SAID'! SHUT THE HELL UP1 D3 

Housing and Dining Go Subtemnean 
GOING DOWN: Housing built in the underground tunnels thought to be enough to 
create comfortable "cells" for incoming students, growth in UCSD population 
By The MorIocks 
Yo, Check This Shit 

UCSD Housing and Dining 
Services spokeswoman Grubbin' 
With Gretchen announced at a 
press conference on Tuesday at La 
Casa that ground will be broken 
next Wednesday for a new housing 
complex on campus. 

" We were tired of listening to 
the students whine constantly about 
the lack of housing on campus," . 
Grubbin' said. "What a bunch of 
sissies! We tinally broke down and 
the lazy students will have their 
housing. What a bunch of wimps!" 

The new housing project was 
designed last week by some failing 
engineering undergraduates who 
needed extra credit and approved 
by the chancellor over the week-
end. 

Especially notable about this 
project is that it is the tirst college 
housing project to be built entirely. 
underground. 

" It is a breakthrough in housing 
technology," Neil Snotty, one of 
the project designers, said at the 
press conference. " We are bringing 
UCSD into the 2 1 st century with 
housing in a place where no man 
has gone before!" 

Grubbin' proceeded to shove 
Snotty away from the microphone 
and yell "You students deserve 
nothing. Nothing! Housing and 
Dining will rule again!" 

UCSD policeman Gary Tough 
removed Grubbin" from the 

, 

"We w ... tired of 
list ...... to tile 
students whine 
constantly about the 
lack of hou ..... on 
campu.," Grubbln' 
.. Id. "What a bunch · 
of ....... 1 We 
finally broke down 
aiHI the lazy 
students will have 
their housl"" What 
a bunch of wlmpsl" 

premises. 
The housing complex will take 

advantage of the already existing 
tunnel system underneath campus, 
currently used to maintain a system 
of water, steam, electrical and 
chocolate syrup pipes that run 
between campus buildings. 

"The tunnels will be widened by 
about 10 feet. and additional tun-
nels will be created that will lead to 
the different housing areas under 
each college," Snotty said. 
"Hopefully, we won 't dig out so 
much of the foundation that all the 
buildings above ground will col-
lapse onto the housing, eliminating 
massive amounts of students in a 
bloody and gruesome death. But, 
that is a ri sk we are willing to 

take ... . 
B. Knot Saffe Construction 

Company will begin construction 
near the Central Utilities plant , 
and will be using a specific type 
of genetically engineered naked 
mole rats to do most of the dig-
ging. 

"They' re hard workers, those 
naked rats," said Hard Hatt , a rep-
resentati ve of the B. Knot Saffe 
Constructi on Company. " We 
bought them from a biotech firm 
who tried to engineer' them to 
grow hair, but actually caused 
them to dig 50 times as fast 
instead. The only problem is that 
since they work so quickly, every 
once in a while, a rat will explode. 
At least the rest of them don' t 
slow down when that happens." 

The housing complex will con-
sist of five separate sections of 
rooms under each campus. Each 
section is divided up into eight 
pods, each pod into I 0 sectors, 
each sector in seven zones and 
each zone into four districts. 
There will be II rooms in each 
district, four doubles and seven 
singles. 

The double rooms will be 10 
feet by 12 feet, and the singles 
will be five feet by six feel. The 
walls will be left as dirt , and there 
will be a small skyli ght in each 
rooni. 

" I hope no one looks down the 
skylights while the students are 
changing, heh heh!" Halt said. 

Lights & Sirens is a compila-
tion of student's screwups. This 
isn 't the only shit that happens on 
campus, but these are the only 
idiots that get caught. 
Dumbasses, aren 't they? 
Sunday, Feb. 29 

10:22 p.m.: ·Officers detained 
an 20-year-old student from the 
Student Center after he lost his 
mind. He became a danger to him-
self after he was told the Star 
Wars release date would be 
pushed to next year. Transported 
to County Mental Health. 
Monday, March 1 . 

10:45 a.m.: An irate Business 
manager of the Guardian offices 
reported, once again, the vandal-
ism of the delivery cart. Loss: 
$700, not to mention Ann 's mind. 

1:24 p.m.: Sighting reported of 
a double Electrical/Mechanical 
engineering major, who actually 
has a life. Good job Micah! 
Welcome to UCSD. 

1:30 p.m.: 22·year old bioengi-
neering student reported the 
sighting of a fine girl in one of his 
classes. Loss: Not real/y. He 's got 
a great girl. (from 0 to M) 
Tuesday, March 2 

9:27 a.m.: A graduate student 
reported the loss of his social life 
upon entry to UCSD. Loss: mini-
mal. How much of a life could he 
have had in the first place? 
Wednesday, March 3 

1:11 a.m.: An officer filed a 

Interested in Joining a Fraternity? 

report concerning disturbing nois-
es during a Koala-sponsored pro-
duction of porn in Urey Hall. 

12:29 p.m.: An officer arrest· 
ed a 38-year-old male non-affiliate 
at Geisel Library for two outstand· 
ing misdemeanor warrants for 
falsely representing himself as 
another person to a peace officer, 
possession of less than 28.5 
grams of marijuana and failure to 
appear in court . Tota l bail: 
$10,000. Cited and released. 
Ordered off campus for seven 
days. 
Thursday, March 4 

2:40 a.m.: A student reported 
fraudulent use of a custom-made 
steel-ribbed condom. Loss: 
$1,328.62. 

11:00 a.m.: An officer arrested 
a 22-year-old Guardian cartoonist 
for misuse of a disabled person in 
Lot 504. Cited and released. 

11:26 p.m.: A student report-
ed vandalism to themselves . 
Unknown loss. 

3:30 p.m.: A student reported 
the obsessant threatening by the 
organization know as the "orange 
shirts." Barbituates confiscated. 
Saturday, March 6 

8:02 a.m.: An offICer arrested 
a 44·year-old male non-affiliate at 
the Main Gym the touting of a 
small penis . Total bail: $500. 
Cited, mocked and released. 
- Compiled by your local snitch, 

Neiller, Nelner, Neiller 

~raternity Rush Info Night 
. th Monday April 5 . 

Price Center Plaza 
7:00pm - 9:00pm 

For Any Questions, Call 534-RUSH 



D4 DON'T TALK 

EEL GUMBO 
Editorial Board 
~ MIIoMvk:, Director of Student Relations 

~ Nu ... ln, Sixth College Provost 
M_I N~", Cancer Research Coordinator 

fidei Castro, CM Cafe Employee 
Ann "Tum Off tile CopIer" ""lei, Guardian Dictator 

Terry lAw, The Only True Tyrant 
The UCSD Dtsre-Guardtat1 IS published Ifl your mom's panls. Contents 0666. VtewS expressed herein 
represent the OPInions people DiJV us the most to Dflnt. OU't(WI5e. we gel lhem 011 porn sites. Want 
to live us your mooIa? Call us at 1·goo.8UY·USOFF. And the followllll always represenls the OPHlIOOS 

of the UC Board of Relents. the ASUCSO and all tour TeletUObtes. 

Can You Spot 'Em, foo'? 
In response to many recent complai nts about the 

accuracy and "clarity" of the Disre-Guardian, we 
feel obligated, at the start of spring quarter, to discuss 
the true reasons behind the so-called "errors" in your 
campus newspaper. The Disre-Guardian staff is com-
prised of a carefully selected group of edi tors (all for-
mer editors of Teen Bop magazine) with a combined 
1,000 years of editing experience. 

We are the recipients of numerous awards, includ-
ing the Red Pen and Eraser Award, presented nation-
ally to the university newspaper that has mastered the 
art of factual inaccuracy. 

In short, we at the Di.l're-Guardian take great pride 
in the product we consistently create, more or less on 
time, for both of the readers who turn to us for their 
news and opi nions. 

The factual errors that readers find in any issue 
come as a result of the 1997 Di.l're-Guardian-
Chancellor compact , which resolved the long-stand-
ing conflict over school spirit. University studies 
proved that student complacency does not derive from 
a tremendous workload and stress leve l, but rather 
festers as a result of too accurate reporting. Under the 
compact, tne Disre-GlIardiall agreed to maintain a 
standard of 12 percent factual error in all of its report-
ing in order to slir up the UCSD community. 

While Di.l're-GlIlIrdiall editors and writers stlive to 
mainlain thi s standard. Chancellor Dynes carefully 

review~ ever_ issue to ensure that this level of quality is 
continued. The Di.l're-GI/ardial/ encourages all of its 
readers to make the most of thi s compact while it lasts 
(u ntil 2005). Join the Errata Tide and spot our "mis-
takes," The wi nner n:ccives a free T-shin and key chain. 

Further, the Di.l're-GlIardiall feels that it is prov id-
ing a service to the C D community in its contin-
ued use of grammar and spelling "errors," such as the 
"door room" (i nstead of dorm room) that appean::d in 
a headline in our March 29 is~u e. uch errors are 
intentionall y des igned to keep students on their t es. 
Reading the Disre-Gllordiall before a c lass in effect 
becomes a warm-up exerc ise in written communica-
ti on ski ll s. Studies conducted by the UCSD cognitive 
sc ience department show that students who spot the 
errors have had just the ri ght amount of caffeine to 

. operate at thei r optimal mental capacity. 
Finall y. we are pleased to announce that these 

"gaffs" will not only benefit the immediate UCSD 
community. but students across the nati on. Starting 
nex t month , articles from the Di.l'reGlIardillll will be 
incorporated into the new sentence-correction sec ti on 
of the Subject A test. Those of you who have spotted 
the errors in thi s paragraph are not only qualified for 
a position on our illustrious staff, but have also 
passed the subject A. 

Congratu lations! Oh, and your welcome. 

Smack yo' Mama 

~ The one finger ,a lutc to the parking azis who con,tantl y hara" and annoy LI S. Screw you a~,holes. who dared give u, ti cke t ~. You suck ! 
Two Ihumhs up to the Bib-engineering dassc, 

who are curr.:ntly working on genetic mutations. 
The way we ,ee it. the more lingers you have, the 
more hecrs you can hold with onc hand. 

Thumh6 up tn all of the students living on 
campus, who defy the authority of the oppressive 
housing administration. and throw raging kcggers 
lilr Sungod and Wintcrfc,t! 

The Disre-Ouardian Thursday, April I, 1999 

IPONINO? 

Hey there Jack!jWanr some crack? 

DEATH: THE ISSUE 
AMERICA IS DYING OVER 

COMMENTARY: Death brings candy, 
Michael Jackson, Life-Alert commer-
cials and the ever-friendly blood clot 

COMMENTARY: International Medil ~I 
A ociation studie how death i the 
number one killer among all teens 

By Evil Incarnate 
In God We Trust 

By U. Kill Me 
Pro-Lifer 

The idea or immortality is ludicrous. Everlasting life is 
only enticing to those who have never tasted the tissue of 
rolling hUlllan Ilesh. Actually I don't cat people, but I do 

There has been a widespread practice thal has existed 
among different culture~ throughout the histor' of the 
world. This trend has caused heartachc, evoked fear and 

admit that it is a lot of fun to kill them. 
Ha. haha. hehe - [ kill myself. 

Death is wonderrul hecause of the 
ex tensive. diverse influence that it has 
had on modern culture. If death had 
never been in ventcd there wou ldn 't 
havc been such works of inspirational 
art stich as Michael Jackson 's 
"Thriller" video or those wonderful 
Lire-Alert commercials. Who in their 
right mind would choose to abolish the 
very thing that prompted the celehra-
tion or Halloween and all or that free 
cand y. 

And speaking or candy, if these 
loo ny radical s were to get their way 
and end the institution or death , 
everyone would stop dieting. 
Without fear of death, eVl:ry over-
weig ht and decaying 40-year-o ld 
would stop visiting the gy m and eat-
ing thei r fruit s and veggies. We' d be 
a nation of potato chip-popping 
couch potatoes without a reason to 
avo id hlood clots. 

And mosl importantl y. without 
the insti tution of death , the entire 
lexicon or modern language wou ld 
he horrihl y UpSl:1. The diversity of 
English ex pression would be nothing 
without phrases such as "I hope you 
r--- ing die !" or "You look like 
death ." The sanctity of marriage 
would be nil without the infamous 
"Until death do us part." In fact, love 

One of the most 
effective methods of 
eliminating large-scale 
death Is an Increase In 
a wide-spread effort 
by the world's citizens 
to stop dying. The 
overwhelming result Is 
the complete 
elimination of death. 
The International 
politicians of the 
world must unite to rid 
the planet of death. 

created a need for religion and wor-
ship of the unknown to offset the con-
sequences of this practice. This social 
ill that I am talking about is death, and 
I am against it. 

Death transcends time, language, 
geographic, gender and culturaT differ-
ences. It has the abi lity to change the 
world. When analyzed, the long-term 
effects of death are inherently bad. 
especially with relation to issues of 
individual health . Thus. many medical 
practitioners have come out in ravor of 
eliminating death. 

In a recent study by the Association 
of International Medical Doctors, 
death was rated as the number one 
killer among teens and small pets. [n 
fact, death seems to be a problem for 
all living creatures. 

One of the most effective methods 
of eliminating large-scale death is an 
increase in a wide-spread effort by the 
world's citizens to stop dying. The 
overwhelming result is the complete 
elimination of death. The international 
politicians of the wo rld must unite to 
evoke a planetary movement outlaw-
ing death and all of the practices that 
go along with it. By outlawing the 
practice, they will eliminate its result. 
The only way to prevent such action is 
with capital punishment or something. 

could never last without death . Imagine Romeo at 896 
years old. Not quite the stud that first won him his 
young Juliet. 

One important di ~ tinction is the 
line difference between death as a 

generic state of existence and it 's finer element: killing. 
Killing is okay. ' 

Dumb people - only really dumb people - for 
instance, would be okay to kill , if you had a really good 

See 1TE1INITY, Page 17/0 
Death rocks and anyone who doesn't think so shou ld 

See GO TO HILL, Page 666 

Thursday, April I, 1999 

CELEBRITYARENA 
What the hell is wrong 
,,,ith you? 
Interviews and 
Photography by The King, Elvis Presley 

"Where do I begin? That 
whole constitution thing 
didn' t work out too well. 
'B ut, l'1I stilI go on getting 
drunk and getting naked." 

Uttle Joey Lev .. thal 
The Love Stud 

"I'm so ashamed. I've 
always lusted after 
characters from children's 
television shows. I secretly 
covet the purple 
Teletuhbie. Wait, does that 
make me gay?" 

Jerry Fallwell 
Satan 's Little Helper 

"Shh don 't tell anyone, 
but I am actuall y a 

"Wrong? No, I'm Brock. 
Most of the ladies know 
me from aJI of the 'ads' I 
sell to them. So, I'd just 
like to say I'm reall y 
successful at my line of 
work, if you know what I 
mean, and I think you do. 
It 's on 144 fodor a 16-
inch pipe column." 

"Brock" Halter 
Advertising Specialist 

Harvard Business school 
student. This is my Ph.D. 
thesis . Will the public buy 
my act? What? Oh, Rose 
McGowan? She's really 
hot, but she must be 
fuckin' nuts lo go for a guy 
like me." 

Marilyn Manson 
Major Whacko 

"I once saw this guy with a 
eartman tattoo on his leg. 
Why would anyone get a 
fat, stupid hick cartoon 
character tallooed on their 
leg for all time? Are you 
people retarded? What's 
wrong with me? What's 
wrong with YOU?! You 'd 
mumble too if you were 
me." Kenny 

Cartoon Character 

The Disre-Guardian' PISCES RULE D5 

HORRORSCOPES 

FEAR THIS 
Sangu.ine P.~ychic 

Aquarlu. (January 20 -
February 18): I sense that many 
people lie to you about your 
appearance. Please deal with this 
accordinllly. 

Plsce. (February 19 - March 
20): Hey you! Yeah you! What's 
your problem'! Quit bitching. You 
think you have problems? Let me 
tell you about problems. My family 
has problems. You got nothing. Do 
you feel the pain? I'll show you the 
pain! 

Ad •• (March 21 - Apri I 19): 
I'm bored. Thbbll! Bring me cof-
fee now. Our sports editors are 

sleeping with your mom. Deal with 
it. 

Taurus (Apri l 20 - May 20): I 
sense you have an Oedipus com-
plex. You will have sex with your 
mother and kill your fat her. You 
will also have a bad hair day. And I 
sense that the color red is not your 
best color. 

GemIni (May 21 - June 20): 
For you, school seems to be a waste 
of time. Perhaps it's your omnipo-
tent awareness of all things around 
you? Perhaps it 's you intrinsic 
understanding of complex theo-
ries? No? Maybe it 's just the fact 
that you're an idiot. Quit wasting 
my time. Go away. 

Cane... (June 21 - July 23): 
Your existence is a blemish on 
society. Your presence o ffen'ds 
many. Take a shower, and then 
we'll begin to address your brain-
lessnes . 

Leo (July 24 - August 22): 
Eeew. That 's disgusting. Your dirty 
thoughts overruled my ability to 
read your future. Go wash you 
brain out with soap. 

Vireo (August 23 - September 
22): One word: Prozac. Ask for it 
by name. 

UbnI (September 23 - October 
22): You are the ugliest piece of 
shit ever. Go crawl in . a hole and 
die, you stupid waste of space. 

Scorpio (October 23 
November 21): You are the hOliest 
piece of ass on the planet right now. 
Go out there and shake your booty 
to tease the opposite sex, but only 
until Monday when you will be 
ugly again. 

Sa,marlu. (November 22 -
December 21): You wi II be cursed 
with the most boring lecturers on 
the face of the planet. I see convo-
luted arguments, incomprehensible 
reading, and tests that are based on 
something other then reality in 
your future. So basically, it 's the 
same as last quarter. 

Capricorn (December 22 -
January 19): According to the 
omnipotent Bucket, you are evil. 
Evil, I tell you! See the article on 
death on the opinion page to con-
template your existence. 

the guardian needs women for video shool. not porn. real/yo call mike at 555-fu.nn. 

112 & Monifah 
Spring Jam '99 is the hottest 
concert you don't want to miss! 
R&B Dance Artists, 112 & Monifah 
will be performing live at Spotlight 
29 Casino on April 2nd at 8pm. 
$50 VIP tickets will get you on the 
dance floor in front of the stage. 
$40 Gold tickets are on the first tier, 
You must be 21 years old to attend 
thi'S concert. For more information, 
call 800.841.6666. 

"'<I'" • I • ~ ~ , . 

pm 

Li/eJ a gamhk. we maIce it Jun. 



D6 TRU ST US 

Weight oss. 
Scripps CUnic Del Mar needs volunteers for a research 
study to see if a new investigational drug can aid weight 
loss. Participants must: 

.:. Be 20-30% above "ideal" weight 
(30-50 Ibs. for men; 25-40 Ibs. for women) 

.:- Not have taken prescription weight loss .drugs 
or anti-depressants in last 60 days 

.:. Comfortable with self-injection 

Participants may have high blood pressure, elevated 
cholesterol or other health problems, if under control. 
Study medication and procedures will be provided at no 
charge. Qualified participants will be paid. 

Call (619) 794-1248 for more information. 

SCRIPPS CLINIC 

The Disre-Guardian Thursday, April I, 1999 

READERS-IRKED 

Lette,. t~g Editor 
The DisreGuardian welcomes letters 
from its readers (especially those 
that send cash). All letters must be 
no longer than three pages, typed, 
double-spaced and signed (by any 
member of the Backstreet Boys. 
Letters must also contain a phone 
number (so that all dumb letters will 
not go unpunished). We reserve the 
right to edit for length and clarity 
(typically, we do as we please with 
your letter). Letters may be dropped 
off at the DisreGuardian office on 
the second floor of the Student 
Center. Send all letters to: 

The UCSD Guardian 
Opinion Editor 

9500 Gilman Dr. 0316 
La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 

Fax: (619) 534-7691 
e-mail: santa_claus@ucsd.edu 

Editor: 
I am a loyal reader of the 

Horoscopes. H owever, I don' t 
know if I wi ll ever read a horo-
cope again after reading your 

M arch 29 horoscope for Gemini. In 
it, you said that I would have a pop 
quiz on Monday or Tuesday. Well , 
event hough it was the first week of 
classes, I spent Monday and 
Tuesday studyi ng my syllabuses, 
expecting to be· quizzed. The quiz 
never came and now I feel l ike a 
foo l. Please in the future make an 

effort to write accurate horoscopes, 
people's li ves depend on them. 

Editor: 

Kevin Stephens 
Muir Quarterly Editor 

Hi, my name is Kandy Kane. [ 
study now at San Diego State 
U ni versi ty, but I'm interested in 
transferring because I herd that the 
USD has some really cool, you 
know, smart professors and stu-
dents, plus I really like La Jolla 
because i ts near the beach and thei r 
are a lot of students who surf and 
stu ff. So, I would really like i t if 
someone w ho reeds the article in 
the paper can send me some admis-
sion information because I want to 
go to your school and i t would be 
really good to apply, I think. 

Kandy Kane 

Editor: 
I am writing to state my utmost 

disgust with the lack of coverage of 
the UCSD Football Club's recent 
games. After not winning a game for 
34 years, our club soundly defeated 
the Carver Elementary School Flag 
Football _Club. We beat them 34-32, 
in overtime. It was an incredible 
game, all of the five spectators told 
us so afterward. If your lousy paper 
doesn' t start givi ng us some more 
coverdge, be forewarned, there will 
be consequences. Students: plea~e 
root on your home club next week-
end at Warren field as we take on the 
L a Jolla E lementary School 
Corvettes. We hope to see you there. 

Ida Foo' 
See NEW, Page 82 

D[ 

Or call or stop by the 
Political Science Department, Mary Quisenberry 

(534-2705, mquisenb@weber.ucsd.edu) 
to find out more about this exciting opportunity. 

T hursday, Apri l I , 1999 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 

Correction: In the DisreGuardian review (31 
11) of the "Joehn" art show in Mandeville 
Annex, the photo caption of the Joe Pan 
painting was incorrecl. It should have read 
"Same 01' Bird." (4/1) 
Congrats to the DiseGuardiln staffers 
lor sweeping the top awards in the 1999 
CSWG (College Students Write Good) 
college newspaper competition! Big 
Winners: Best OplEd Piece "Machiavellian 
Plays on Party 01 Five" by Milt Ffintstone; 
2nd Place OptEd "Bufly the Vapid Slayer" 
by Gwen G. Gwynne; Best Feature ' Post-
Urkel Blues" by Titus A. Drum; "Best Sports 
story (honorable mention) "More AbOut the 
Steelers and My Gut, Part VII ' by Travis 
Bickle. (4/1) 
Area high school students who don't meet 
UCSD's 4.1 minimum.GPA to be accepted 
are invited to enroll in an alternative 
curriculum of wheelbarrow technology. Call 
the UCSD Runner-up Charter Program. on 
the campus of Woody's Rock Yard, 555-
0122. (411) 

EVE N T S 
The La Jolla Cove seals have completed a 
Draft Environmental Impact Report (EIR) 
on their proposed takeover of the cove and 
a mile of UC Regents land north to the 
Scripps Pier. A p'ublic hearing will take 
ptl ce Wednesday, April 7, 4:00 p.m. in 
Center Hall. Take Gilman to Meyers Drive; 
Seals, beach yoursell at Blacks and catch 
the hearing on closed-circuit TV. (4/1) _ 

EMPLOYMENT 
White guy modets needed. Our models, 
have worked for Soldier of Fortune, Caucasian 
Finance, International Male, and Major League 
Sports Owner Monthly. Great pay! Call Mr. 
Van Arsdale, 1-800-555-0923. (411 ) 
A new office of the DMV is opening in La 
Jolla and seeks professional consultants for 
the front counter. People skills and good 
hygeine not required. Call 555-0789 and 
ask for Marge.(4ft) 
We're looking for career-minded individuals! 
Woody's Rock Yard now has several 
openings for wheelbarrow drivers. A_lity to 
distinguish big and small rocks required, 
and a Class 4 driver'S license. Portfol:o 
required. Fax resume to Woody, 555-0128. 
No calls please. (4/1) 

~ ANT E D 

Not so brightl 

e Last i~your class? 
e The other end oHhet llfVe? 
e A ; '~oofus?" 
e A San Diego State ~ 

UndergradUate? 
e A writer or editor for the Muir 

Quarterly? 
If you meet any of these qualifiations, the 

relatively obscure UCSO department of 
Impossible Sciences has a solution for you. 

lake part in the testing of UCSO's own 
12 Ga. "Wonder Drug" 
Stop by the empty lot behind Irader Joes, 

and pick up your application IOOArI! 
I'm doing a study on the effects of alcohol. 
Why don't you bring over a 12-pack? Nelson, 
555·2676. (411) 

The UqD Disre-G~ardian 

CLASSIFIEDS 
The UCSD Disre-Guardian reserves the right to classify, edit. delete oflensive words and 
the average person bails on this disclaimer after the first line. Here's the skinny: if you want 
to place a Classified ad. call the office or stop by and speak to Yvette, Melody, or Melody's 
sister. Rates and Info are on the wall , and Classified forms are on the table. We like it to 
be a hands on procedure so we don't have to deal with you personally. and-HEYI DO,,!'T 
FILL OUT A CALENDAR FORM by mistake. 
One other thing- the tours are over at Bulding "B." This Is Building "A." Got it? No lady. we 
don't got any change. 

Classified Line 
Ad Rates 

$9_00 per cofumn inch 

Classified Display 
Ad Rates 

Student. : S3 per 20 words 
Facutty & Staff: S4 per 20 word. 
All others: $5 per 20 words 

Advance payment Is required. 
TIP: Tell Brock you'll send the check Pl .... send . 11 corre.pondenc. regarding Ct ••• lfled. to: 

UCSD DI.re-Gu. rdlan, AUn: YveU., M. lody, or Melody' •• t.ter, later. He always falls lor that one. 
9500 Gllm. n Drive ' 0316, La Jolla, CA 92093. Actuaf toc. t1on: Student Center A, Room 217. 

Eyeblink Study (yes, conl'd.) We've been 
studying eye blinking for about thrirty 
goddamn years. The only focus group lell 
currenlly in progress-gay dwarves with a 
history of schizophrenia and really itchy 
scalp. If you meet these requirements call 
UCSDMC, Hillcrest, 555-4343. (411) 

ROOMMATES 
Former mass murderer looking for non· 
smoking white female. Must love gardening, 
cooking, the repeated use of debiltating drugs, 
and cats. Farm animals O.K. NO phone calls 
or faxes, must visit....alone. (411) 

FOR --- NT 
Couch, spacious, good condition, colors 

rasberry and green. You'd be sharing space 
with my nephew Iggle. Rent $500/mo. 
Downtown La Jolla, near campus. Ca1l555-
0019, Ralph. (411) 

FOR SALE 
Couch, spacious, good condition, colors 
raspberry and green. My nephew Iggie and 
possibly another person included in the 
deal. $500. Call 555-0019, Ralph. (411) . 
Business opportunity! Get in on tlf!! ground 
floor of my company, which markets fax 
paper you can clean off and use over and 
over. Sells for$500/ream. Only requirement 
is a special fax machine (which I also 
manufacture) that sells for $11 ,000. Please 
write to Brox Fax, c/o Brox Worx, P.O. Box 

10998 ,~ncinitas, CA 92044. (411) _ 

50 More Ways to Leave Your Lover. Includes 
·Send her a fax, Max; "Leave it on her voice 
mail , Gale; and 'Put her on the shutlle to 
Mars, Lars;" many more. Send SASE to 
Rhymln' Simon, P.O. Box 7777 , N.Y., N.Y. 
(4/1) 

SERVICES 
Typing Service for your term papers, 
dissertations. I type about 15 words a minute, 
and the "D" on my Selectric sticks. You don't 
need anything in a big rush, do you? Call 
Jan, 555-8021 (4/1) 
Understanding, compassiona te 
pychotherapist will get to the core of your 
personal and family issues and tell you why 
everyone in the world but you knows what a 
' zero" you are. Now get me that $200 check 

CLASSI FIEDS D7 

and shut up. Dr. Szabato, 555-0000. (4/1) 

It i sn't 
. easy for a 

whit e r at 
to find 

employment. 
But I 

d i d. Bow? 

Disre-Guardian 
Classified Ads 

LOST & FOUND 
If anyone has ANY information about it, 
PLEASE call me. It is very important that I 
get it back. Substantial reward upon its 
return . Never mind, I just found il. (4 /1) 
I'm lost right now. I was last seen at the 
Classified counter in the Guardian office. 
Someone come get me right away. Casey. 
(411) . 

PERSONALS 
DIVAS: lets all get together and dance! 
Watch out for my rool. Love, Mel. (411) 
To the guy who crashed my party the other 
night: you aren 't one of the "divas" I had in 
mind. P.S.-where'd you get the shoes? 
Mel. (411) 

Ui ._ .. _, .. __ ~~_ .. 
I !I II'" ·,,,a, ."",'.:/ 

Medical division of THE PRINCETON REVIEW 
'. 



OK SWIMSUIT EDITION 

... "........Is: 
how -'II ".. ,.. 

. warW.N c..dt 
look ......... 
.,,1t1· 

The 
Roach 
Travis "Fatass" Hili 

UCSD Needs to 
Eliminate Athletics 

I am not too enthused about 
the recent announcement that 
UCSD is going to initiate a foot -
ball program. This is an outrage 
to the scholarly. solely academ-
ic way of life I have come to 
love so much. 

Now, when the Tritons 
moved up to Division ll , I 
thought that was nice for the ath-
letes. but I knew that as usual, 
academia would reign. But I was 
terrihly wrong: The students 
became sports fans. Who knew? 

Now they are going to stan 
football , because the tremendous 
response to UCSD athletics has 
forced the administration into 
allotting funds for the gridiron. 

) used to love our administra-
tion. They were stalwarts, dedi-
cated to forcing students to 
slave away in libraries. not even 
glancing in the direction of fun . 
The administration wou ld not 
even admit that there were such 
things as enjoyable extra-curric-
ular activitie. But things al1 
started coming apart with this 
Division II thing. 

Now, with this new footbal1 
squad, UCSD will become a 
well-rounded institution, com-
plete with raucous Saturday 
afternoons A D library time 
during the week. I used to take 
pride in the fact that UCSD was 
different from schools like 
UCLA and Duke. We used to be 
all book and no drink. ow, we 
are on the brink of normalcy, 
something ) lind fri ghtening. 

The location of the new foot-
ball stadium has linally been 
settled, and thi s too is another 
loss for the "old way" of the true 
UCSD bookworm. There were 
initially plans to tear down the 
forest behind RIMAC to create 
an enormous rep li ca of the 
AP&M basement, complete 
with musty smells and architec-
ture that does not permit sun-
light. It would have been a bas-
tion of scholarl y endeavors. But 
we can' t have that anymore, no 
way! We need a new footbal1 
stadium, a lion 's den, if you 
will, that will house everything 
UCSD used to stand against. 

So, the new stadium will be 
built beh ind RIMAC, creating a 
huge athletic complex that could 
rival any Division I athletic pro-
gram. And I'm sure there will be 
plenty of parking lot space avail-
able for those wretched tai I-gate 
panies. To think, not so long 
ago. the UCSD populace would 
rise at 9 a.m., clear-headed and 
without hangovers, mind you, to 
begin a long day of library work. 
Now they will be drinking beer, 
eating all sons of red meat, 
heckling opposing fans and for 
God's sakes, having fun! 

Who would have thought 
UCSD would ever come to this'! 

- Guat'dfan Sports 

The Disre-Guardian 

PURrS! 

• ml~ Wttn 

By Howle Feltersnatch 
Contributing Liar 

After months of anticipation, 
Guardian Spons has released its 
1999 Athlete Pimps and Hos 
Swimsuit Edition. Noted for being 
much more ri sque than its main 
competitor, Sports //lustra ted, the 
Guardian Sports Edition is famous 
for being stocked with scantily-
clad photos of UCSD's top athletes, 
and this version is no di fferent. 
. Exquisitely shot by renowned 

photographer Bucket Gordon, this 
modern media masterpiece is being 
hailed as the best yet. 

") can't believe how Jly they 
look," an unidentitied member of 
UCSO's athletic department said. "It 
makes me feel all warm and tingly to 
know that UCSD can attract such 

• 
high-quality athletic pimps and hos." 

And how. This year 's crop of 
pimps includes Ahmad Russ (bas-
ketball). Lucas Curtolo (soccer), 
John Brandon (soccer), Kurt 
Seckington (volleyball) and Ross 
Mecham (water polo). 

The hos, for which UCSD is 
really known. are Laura Reeves 
(volleyball ), Laura Santerre (vol-
leyball), Kathleen Hentz (volley-
ball), Janine Harispe (soccer), 
Christy Abizaid (soccer), Cindy 
Dostalek (soccer) and Jenny Irwin 
(water polo and swimming). 

This crop of hos has once again 
shown that the Triton coaches are 
recruiting their athletes on looks 
alone. But it 's all worth it when the 
swimsuit edi tion comes out. 

"Damn, those hos are line," said 
a big blond track and field athlete 
who wished to be left anonymous. 
"I wish I oould have all of them in 
my shower at the end of practice!" 

The women of UCSD were also 
impressed with the inclusion of 
such hard-bodied Triton men. 

"I'll rub Lucas and Ahmad down 
with oi l anytime," said one Triton 
vixen. "Although I wish you guys 
could have edited out that tool ~ilh 
Ross and John." 

Despite the praise the swi msuit 
edition receives, it doe ' have its 
drawbacks. The La Jolla communi-
ty is fairly old and boring, and there 
arc reports of heart-attacks when 
this issue was released. 

"With all those boobies and 
wieners hanging around every-
where," said one really old lady, 
"there's no wonder that Arnie keeled 
over." 

Thursday, April I, 1999 




