
Elsewhere 
Professor AI ..... 
DlscrllDlnation 
AUSTIN, Texas - University 
of Texas, Austin law Professor 
linda Mullenix alleged that 
she has heen repeatedly over-
looked for a chair position in 
the law school because the 
committee responsihle for 
appointments is sexist and 
lacks due process. Mullenix 
said she has been seeking a 
chair appointment since 1994. 
Law Professor Lino Graglia 
said that Mullenix's accusation 
sheds light on the fact that it is 
very valuable for any group to 
daim victim status so that it 
can receive 'special treatment. 
"If there 's a problem in this 
reg;rd. It 'S not that women are 
disfavored. it 's that they arc 
favored." Graglia said. 

- Daily Texall 

HolD ..... Man 
Found Dead 
CHAMPAIGN, III. -
Champaign Police are inves-
tigating the death of a home-
less man whose burning body 
was found Monday near 
Illinois Central Railroad 
tracks. Champaign County 
Coroner Roger Swaney said 
Robert Baldridge, 47, was 
pronounced dead on Monday 
at 3: 10 p.m. Swaney also 
said that Baldridge was still 
alive when his body caught 
fire. Investigator James Rein, 
who is in charge of the case, 
said police have ruled out 
any foul play. He said that 
police believe homeless peo-
ple started the fire to ward 
ofT the cold. An autopsy was 
conducted Monday. but the 
cause of death has not been 
determined. 

- . Daily lIIilli 

Bill for Birth 
Control lUlled 
LINCOLN, Neb. - A bill 
that would mandate that 
insurance companies cover 
birth control prescriptions for 
women at the same level that 
they cover Viagra for men 
was killed by a Nebraska 
State Legislature committee 
on Monday. Opponents of the 
bill said that this type of man-
dated coverage would make 
employers force moral judg-
ments and increased insur-
ance premiums upon their 
employees. Supporters said 
that ensuring women's long-
term health as well as helping 
women with the financial 
burden of paying for the pre-
scriptions should be of con-
cern to insurance companies. 

- Daily Nebraskall 

Spoken .•. 
"Testing students 
earlier will be the first 
step in making more 
educationally 
disadvantaged students 
competitive for 
admission at all UC 
campuses. " 

-len Tucker 
UC EAOP Manager 
See story at right 

Internet: www.ucsd.edu/,uarr1isn 
E·mall: gulNdisnOucsd.edu 

All 'Punld' Out Accurate? All Heart ~ 0 Ulfar Haraldsson s five member ensemble Should everything in Despite tremendous en 
delights audience by focusing on groove the Bible be taken at hustle, the s(~ftball II:.: 
theory through improvisation face value? team loses two games ::::» 

::I: Hiatus, page 9 Opinion, page 4 Sports, page 20 .... 

T H E U C 

UC SAN DIEGO THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1999 

SEAMUS HEANEY 

Julius Choi/Guard,an 
---= 1995 Nobel Laureate Seamus Heaney, who is a native of Northern Ireland, 
read selections from his new book, Opened Ground, during a presentation on Monday. 

Poetry Giant· Presents Works 
WORDS: Heaney's appearance is 
the first in a series of scheduled 
Nobel Laureate lectures 
By ErIk8 Snider 
News Editor 

Reciting poetry and telling stories about his 
life. renowned Irish poet and 1995 Nobel 
Laureate winner Seamus Heaney spoke before 
a crowd of students, facully and community 
members on Monday night in UCSD's 
Mandeville Auditorium. 

. Heaney's appearance was part of the 1999 
Nobel Laureate Series, in which three Nobel 
Prize winners are scheduled to speak at UCSD 
in one month. 

A native of Northem Ireland, Heaney won 
the 1995 Nobel Prize for Literature. During the 
presentation, which was sponsored by the 
UCSD Center for the Humanities, Heaney read 
poetry from his new book, Opened Grollnd: 
Selected Poems 1966·1996. 

Prior to his lecture, Marianne McDonald, 
professor of theatre, introduced the poet with 
remarks about his life and work. 

"The English gave the Irish language, but 
Seamus Heaney taught them how to use it," she 
said. 

McDonald also said that she believes UCSD 
benefits by having speakers such as Heaney 
come to share their work . 

"II is such a great honor for our humanities 
center that he has agreed to come here and 
speak;' she said. 

Afler McDonald's introduction, Heaney 
took the stage and began by reading "Digging," 
the first poem from his first book. Death oj a 
Naturalist, which was published in 1966. 
Heaney said that this poem illustrates the 
change in his early life, from his childhood on 
a farm in Northem Ireland to his academic life. 

"II represents a shift in my own life from 
land to books," he said. 

Heaney also discussed some of the earlier 
influences in his life. While altending a small, 
country school in Northern Ireland, he said that 
many of the elders encouraged him to pursue 
his writing talents in order to get away from 
agricultural life. 

"The relationship Ix'tween young people 
and elder people was one of hanter and tor-
ment," he said. "But many people told me 
'Stick to the books, young Heaney. The pen is 
much lighter than the spade.''' 

Heaney continued his talk by reading sever-
al more poems about his childhood in Northern 

See .-.y, Page 3 

5 D 

VOLUME 96. ISSUE 16 

UC and College 
Board Embark 
On Outreach 
PROGRAM: High schoolers 
would be tested early to identify 

t~eir strengths and weaknesses 
By KI-Mln Sung 
Senior Staff Woter 

In an attempt to beller the chan.:e, of di , -
advantaged students in gaining entrance to 
the UC system. the College Board has 
joined the University of California in 
improving its current outreach programs. 

In this new program, the College Board. 
which administers the Scholastic 
Assessment Test (S.A.T). and other stan-
dardized exams, and the University of 
California will partner up to administer 
Preliminary Scholastic Assessment Te,t 
(PSAT) examinations to students as early,,, 
eighth grade. Through this project , the 
College Board will provide results that will 
be used to advise students in their acadcmic 
preparation for the university. 

In the program, the UC Early Academic 
Opportunity Program (EAOP) will admini,-
ter the test to students participating in UC 
outreach programs. 

Senior associate to the UC president and 
leader of the university 's outreach iniliative 
Karl Pister said this union will be heneficial 
to the students enrolled in outreach pro· 
grams. 

"This agreement will allow UC's already 
successful outreach programs to provide an 
additional level of evaluation that will 
increase our students' chances of becoming 
eligible and competitive for admission at the 
university." Pister stated. 

"The willingness of the College Board to 
institute this unique collaboration indicates 
its support for UC's efforts to extend educa-
tional opportunities to students from all 
backgrounds." he added. 

The College Board administers standard· 
ized examinations, such as the S.A.T. . 
A.c.T. and Advanced Placement (AP) tesh. 
Having younger students take the PSAT -
which is traditionally administered to high 
school sophomores and junior, - will 
allow students at an carl ier age to beller ana-
lYle their arcas of weakness and ,trcngth. 

Kris Zavoli, who is the College Board \ 
director of admissions and gUidance ,er· 
vices. said that individual re,uh, on th~ 
PSAT will also help determine academic 
areas that need improvemcnt. 

"This is seen as a piece of that full huge 
program lof outreach I, trying to get some 
early base line data on their kids M) they 
loutreach program startl can monitor thcir 
growth academically," Zavoli ,aid. "The 
PSAT is just one of the many ways they will 
be doing that.· ' 

UC EAOP manager Ben Tucker ~aid that 
the early administering of the PSAT is critical 

See TlST, Page 3 



2 NEWS The UCSD Guardian Thursday. February 2S. 1999 
- -. ------------..:.::~::.:.:.::::.::.:~-~---------.,;~~--

UCSD EVENTS 
Thursda 
Music: AASU Black History Month Finale 

Enjoy a poetry reading, speakers and music at 5 p.m. in the Cross 
Cultural Center. For more information. I:all 534-9689. 

Music: Performers Forum 
Graduate students will perform musil: of various styles at 8 p.m. in the 

Mandeville Center Rel:ital Hall. Admission for students is $3. For more 
information. I:all 534-3229. 

Music: Karaoke Night 
Sing to your heart's wntent at !l p.m. in the Pril:e Center Cove. For 

more information. call 452-5585. 

Frida 
Party: Chinese New Year Celebration 

Ring in the Chinese New Year at 5 p.m. in the Prke Center Cove. For 
more information. I:all 509-4!l77. 

Music: African Troubadours 
Enjoy an evening of musil: featuring three artists whose distinct musi-

1::11 ~tylc~ and traditions reflect the great cultural panorama of Africa-
African music at !l p.m. in Mandeville Auditorium. Admission for students 
I, $12. For more inlimnatlon. call 534-4090. 

Dance/Partv: LGBTA Non-Sexist Dance 
Attend thl~ danl:c at 9 p.m. in Porter 's Pub. For more information, call 
5~~~~ . 

Saturda 
Dance: MiddLe Eastern Gathering 

Arabll: dancing and musil: will take place at 10 a.m. in Porter's Pub. 
For more information. call 549-9377. 

Sunda 
Music: New Music Forum 

Works hy UCSD graduate composi tion students will be featured at 8 
p.m. In the Recital Hall at Mandeville Center. For more information, call 
534-.1229. 

GUARDIAN 
WALT DICKINSON 

f;,lilor III Cht~r 
JULIA KULLA·MADER • MEGAN SMITH 

,l/anugmy f:tltlon 
TABI'HA GRANSHAW • LAURA KNIGHTEN 

COI'Y /-;dilor., 
LEENA SHANKAR. ERIKA SNIDER 

/I'eu-s f.·dilors 
JESSICA SCHEPP MANN 

F~ulures Etlitor 
MARC COMER 
O"inion f:dilor 

JAKE GORDON. JOHN MAYNARD 
Sporls f.ililors 

NICK RUNCO 
1N,(qn Etlitor 

TRAVIS HILL 
t ls.,oe:wle Sports Editor 

LINDSAY SWOIISIII 
lIiatus Editor 

DAVID LEE 
At,oe:iate Hiatus Edilor 

DAVE WilTZ 
I'holo Edilor 
LISA HUFF 

Associate Pholo /:;ditor 
JOHN IMBER 

Graphics Editor 

EDITORIAL ASSISTANTS Jesse F,snef. Scott Shibata 
SENIOR STA'" WRlTtllS 

JOhn Barber. Jelf Barker. Bill Burger. GenevIeve eo •. Theodore Dokko. Vincent Gragnarn. Mary 
Higgins. Laura io(nlghten. Dave Lubitz . Annam ManlhlrOOl. Jenny NIcholson. Mark Smith. Scott Valer 

STA'" WRITERS 
Shannon Castle. Brent Don, Bertrand Fan. Kan Fneoman. Brooke Garrenson. Jennifer Grady, 

Ntlou Mostoll . Ch nsline Pangan. JacOb ScheChter, Eve Senul)' 
ILWSTIIATOIII 

Mike Belle. Kfls une Chang AuSltn HSla. Alice lin. Joe Pan. Josephine RObertS . Nicholas Runco 
DESIONE-RI Karen Tran . TtIOmas weng 

COPY RIADERS Alison NOrriS , KeVin Byrne 
WlaMAln. 8ftan Wlkner 

COMPUTER IUP'POItT David Glicksman 

MIKE MARTINEZ 
Ad,-ertisin!l Arl f)irector 

ANN aARmELD 
Business Manager 

YVETTE ALCALA 

aROCK HALTER 
Advertising Manager 

Asslstunl lIusin<ru Manager 
ADVIRTIIiNG ASIIITAIIT Melody Gooza",. 

CIllCUl.A~ AUISTIIIfTS 
Jason Allen. Phillip Gotdm80. Ethan levy, Jacob Meybe". Brady PhelPS. Nete Smith 

ADVERTISING _ • LAYOUT John _,. C ... y Burtenhl/y1. Joe Pan 

Tile UCSD GUlJ(dliJll IS publiShed Mondays and ThulSday. dunrc the ac-.n1C year by IIld 10< 
the students 01 UeSD. Retl<OOuctlon 0' thIS newspapel on any lorm. _!her on """'" or on 
part. WIthout permlSStOn IS Slnctly prOhlbtted. 0 1999. ,U rlChts r.served. The UCSD ~." 
1$ not responsl~e for the return of unsohclted m.,uscnpts or art. The views expreSHCI here'" 
ao not nece •• aroly ,"",esentthe OPInIOn. 0' Tile UCSD Gu"",.". the UnIVersity of California 01' 
the Assoclaled Students. The UCSD GulJ(dian I. furded solely by _ti ..... 
Hey Coach! Sorry about your ACl. Belt", lie c •• fIII pi ... soccer nellllme. Get beIler soonll 

News/ Features: 534-5226. General EditOl'ial: 534-6581 
OPInIon/Sports: 534-6582. Hiatus: 534-6583 
Ad\tertlSlng Office: 534-3466. Fa.: 534·7691 

e-mail: fIJ8IfJ~ld.tldu 
GuardIan Onhne. hflP;//www.ucld.«1u/ ,uarrJi/lf)/ 

UCSD a .......... , 9500 allm8n DrIve 031.8, 
La Jolla, CA 12013-0318 

Actual iocallOl'l : Second Floor. UCSO St_t Center BuitdinC ·A·. Am. 217 

LIFE IN HELL 

BRIEFLY ••• 

New Student ·Regent Recommended 
UC Berkeley senior Michelle Pannor has been nom-

inated for appointment to a one-year term as student 
regent on the University of Califomia Board of 
Regents. 

Pan nor is a mass communications/conservation 
resource studies major who has served on a number 
of boards and commissions at UC Berkeley. She is 
currently the student liaison for the vice chancellor of 
undergraduate affairs, and also leads the vice chao-
cellor's student advisory committee. 

Pannor was chosen out of approximately 80 nomi-
nees from the nine UC campuses. The nomination is 
expected to be confirmed by the full Board of Regents 
at their meeting on March 18-19. If confirmed. Pannor 
would gain full voting privileges on the 26-member 
board, and would begin her one-year term on July 1. 
Pannor would be the sixth student regent from UC 
Berkeley since the poSition was created in 1975. 

UCSD Int8l'lUlt1ona1 Center 
Sends Record Number Abroad 

The International Center at UCSD sent a record 
606 students abroad last year, surpassing the num-
ber of students sent abroad by any other UC campus. 
UCSD ranks fifth among U.S. Institutions in the num-
ber of international Scholars hosted during 1997-98. 

The center's recently released annual report stat· 
ed that the record number of students, up from 574 
in 1996-97, was achieved through the UC's Education 
Abroad Program (EAP) and UCSD's Opportunities 
Abroad Program (OAP), both of which are administered 
by the center. 

The University of California sends 1,751 students 
abroad yearly, which is more than any other university 
system in the United States. During 1997·98, UCSD 
students studying 'abroad were awarded a total of 
$341,784 in scholarships. 

UCSD also hosts a large number of international 
scholars. Center Director Mary Ohooge said that last 
year UCSD hosted 4.516 International students, 
researchers and faculty from more than 89 countries. 

Most of these scholars' disciplines were sclene&-
based, with 40 percent stuc:tyq health sciences and 
15 percent studying physical sciences. 

The UCSD International Center was fOIIIded In the 
earty 19605 in order to support procrema Ind 1CtiW-
ties for visitors and students from other COWItrIes. 

For more information on the International Center, 
call 534-3730. 

... ............ C8ndIdIItes 
For GenetIc .... of ...... , .... . 

A collaborative effort between Howard Hughes 
Medical Institute researchers at UCSD, scientists at 
the l'iIational Institute of Dental and Craniofacial 
Research (NIDCR) and the National Institutes of 
Health (NIH) has led to the identification of the genes 
likely to be responsible for the mammalian sense of 
taste. 

In the Feb. 19 issue of the scientifIC journal Cel/, 
the researchers describe the genes that are 
expressed in cells specifically geared to the sense of 
taste. 

The isolation of the possible taste receptor genes 
lays the groundwork for manipulating the perception of 
taste and stimulating or blocking taste-cell functlons. 
The identification also sets the stage for mapping how 
the sense of taste is "wired" from the mouth to the 
brain. 

Each taste bud contains roughly 50 to 150 taste-
receptor cells that act like tiny taste-Interpretation 
machines. Sweet receptors are mostly found on the 
tip of the tongue, sour receptors are 'on the sides, 
salty receptors are on the tip and frontal sides and 
bitter receptors are on the back of·the tongue. 

The research team used specialiZed DNA screeo-
ing techniques to scan for candidate receptors In the 
taste buds of rats and mice. The strateay succeeded 
in Isolating two novel receptors, TRl and TR2. This 
discovery could one day hold implications for qt. 
neering foods to specific taste qualities. 

ICU to Hold look DrIve 011 
'.1 ••• LIInI'I ,.,.. ...... 

The Intercollele Resident's Association will hold a 
book drive FrIday, March 5 on Geisel library's Central 
library Terrace from 8 p.m. to 11 p.m. All books col-
lected at this drive wHl be donated to the San Die80 
COWIeH on LIterIcy. 

The book drive will be held In COI1IRltIon with a 
dInce, 'The GrOCMI In the Hat," and prizes wHl be 
&Ivan to students who donate books at the dInct. For 
more information, C111587'()181. 

Thursday, February 2S, 1999 

POET: Heaney 
read works about his 
background 
c ............... ,... 1 
Ireland. One poem, titled ·'A 
Constable Calls,·' he read 
addressed the ttfationship between 
Catholics and Protestants in his 
homeland. prior to the lime of the 
''troubles,'' which is a reference to 
the terrorist activity that plagued 
Nonhem Ireland after 1969. 

Heaney said that another poem, 
titled "Station Island," was innu-
enced by Dante's Divine Comedy. 
In his poem, Heaney put a man on 
a ·'Dante-esque" pilgrimage to St. 
Patrick's Purgatory, an island oIl' 
the west coast of Ireland to which 
many people - including Heaney 
- have made pilgrimages. 

The poet also discussed the time 
he spent teaching at UC Berkeley. 
Heaney, who teaches at Harvard 
University in the spring, wrote a 

TEST: Board will 
begin giving exams 
in March, 1999 
Cuu ............. 1 
to the students who are seeking to 
excel through outreach programs. 

"In general, the PSAT is admin-
istered by high schools to students 
in the 11th grade, too late to 
improve a siudents preparation for 
college," Tucker said. 

'Testing students earlier will be 
the first step in making more edu-
cationally disadvantaged siudents 
competitive for admission al all UC 
campuses," he added. 

poena aboul his eacounler with • 
skunk while house silting ill 
Berkeley. 

"I was warned thai a family of 
skunks may appear," Heaney said. 
··Sure enough. one evening, this 
Mae West-type character did 
appear. She was on her own. I was 
on my own. There was a terrific 
tension and silence:' 

Heaney said that nothing hap-
pened, and the skunk left. 
However, he was inspired to write 
"The Skunk," a poem in which he 
called the animal "intent and glam-
orous, the. glorious, magnificent 
skunk" who fur resembled "a 
black, plunge-line night dress." 

Heaney finished up his talk with 
reading sonnets about his child-
hood memories of his parents. 

Severa1 audience members said 
they enjoyed seeing Heaney speak. 
UCSD Professor of Literature Fred _ 
Randall 5aid he felt privileged to 
attend the lecture. 

··It was a memorable experi-

Zavoli also said that improvt:d 
outreach measures are critical in 
light of recent changes in admis-
sions policy caused by Proposition 
209, which, in 1996, banned the 
use of race or gender as criteria in 
admissions or hiring processes in 
the state of California. 

''The College Board recognizes 
that changes in California have 
challenged the university to seek 
new ways to ensure diversity," 
Zavoli said. ·This pannership 
renects our support for those oot-
reach efforts and our mutual inter-
esl in promoting academic access 
and academic excellence:' 

The College Board will begin 

The UCSD Guardian 

ence," Randall said. "He's a poet 
who is know for his earthiness and 
his closeness to real life ... it was a 
great pri vi lege to be here." 

Roosevelt senior Elilabcth 
Richardson said she enjoyed 
Heaney's style of reciting the poetry. 

··1 really liked his style. He 
speaks very smoothly, as if he was 
reading poetry the whole time, 
instead of just reading snippets," 
Richardson said. "I really enjoyed 
it, and it was very relaxing." 

A.S. Commissioner of . 
Academic Affairs Doc Khaleghi, 
who helped to coordinate the Nobel 
Laureate Series at UCSD, said that 
having speakers such as Heaney 
helps to exposc students to a vari-
ety of subjects. 

"My goal as A.S. Commissioner 
of Academic Affairs is to humanize 
the subjects we study everyday," 
Khaleghi said. 'Thl: interaction 
between students and academia is 
one of the core aspects to exciting 
and motivating students." 

administering exams in March. 
The students will be able to keep 
their question booklet and will 
have their answer sheet returned to 
further analyze strengths and weak-
nesses. The university and panner-
ing schools will also provide fee 
waivers for students who qualify. 

Under the program PSATs will 
be administered at UC campuses. 
Since these tests will be adminis-
tered to students who are not yet in 
their junior year of high school, the 
scores lor those who take the PSAT 
under this joint effort will not be 
valid for National Merit 
Scholarships and other such 
awards. 

NEWS 3 

.Eat,Drink 
And Recycle. 

,. 

Recycle #1 plastic bottles. When you do, 
they can be turned. into a lot of different things 
like new bottles, carpet or clothing. 

Be In with the 1*1 crowd. 

" Recycle More at UCSD! Call534-09l9 



4 OPINION 

EDITORIALS 
Editorial Board 

........ 17 .. , Editor in Chief 
.......... ...,. Manll6ing Editor 

.............. Manll6ing Editor 
... c-. Opinion Editor 
'-....... Copy Editor 

rho UCSD Gu"",,,, o. I>UC>_ IW1Ce • _ ..... Un-..," ~. Son Dooeo. c...u 
01999 Vews elP'H1Id hlfm rejfttlf'lt the mllOntY VOle " tN edltonll boIrd, and .. not 

necessarily (hOse of U~ UC 8Nrd ot Aetenli. the ASUCSO. nor the ....... ~ lUff. 

Trust ... Should Consun 
Student. Befor. Deciding 

The Dartmouth College Trustees have abruptly 
announced plans to "enrich the residential and social 
experience at Dartmouth" by requiring all fraternities 
and sororities to be co-ed, prompting the outcry of 
student and alumni. Dartmouth Trustees argue that 
the change is necessary so that there will be more 
intermingling between male and female students and 
less alcohol abuse on campus. Eighty-three percent 
of students responding to a Feb. J I poll by the The 
Dartmouth, the college's student paper, said they 
support the continuation of single-sex fraternities and 
sororities. 

The Trustees outrageously decided to overhaul the 
Greek system without student .input, and are still not 
asking for any help in implementing the change. 
President James Wright recently told students that 
while he is willing to explain the plan to students and 
will listen to comments, "There is no referendum on 
these sorts of things." In other words, he doesn't care 
what sllldents think about the change - it is his deci-
sion. 

The Dartmouth administration has acted with an 
amazing amount of arrogance in announcing its plan. 
Wright and the Trustees seem to have forgotten that 
students make a university run, not the Trustees. 
Although the Trustees hold the purse strings, they 
would have nothing to spend their precious money on 
if the university had no students. If administrators are 
truly committed to improving the social experience 
of students, they should consult their constituents, 
instead of simply barking commands to them. 

UC Merced Will Provide 
Relief' and Seclusion 

In 2005, UC Merced, the University of 
California's tenth campus, will be open to high 
school graduates - and not a moment too soon. With 
the total UC general-campus enrollment projected to 
increase by more than 60,000 full-time students by 
2010, UC Merced will become an integral part of 
accommodating over 210,000 UC students. 

Currently, Berkeley and UCLA are near enroll-
ment capacity, and the other campuses are not far 
behind. By 2010 UC Merced is projected to have an 
enrollment of 5000, which will undoubtedly provide 
some much needed relief to the soon-to-be over-
crowded UC system. 

However, as much as we applaud the creation of 
a new UC campus, one question still lingers: Why 
Merced? Located between Modesto and Fresno in the 
middle of the San Joaquin Valley, Merced is quite 
possibly the most secluded city in California. Davis 
seems like an exciting town by comparison. Even UC 
Death Valley would have been better, with its prox-
imity to Vegas. Besides, who wouldn't want to go to 
UC Death? 

Props and Flops 

~ Flop~ to every Revelle student who responded 10 the revelle-co/llmuters@/Icsd.edu mass e-mail on Tue~day. Studenb who fail to understand the nature of the ,olist~rv" system at UCSD should 
have their e-mail privileges revoked immediately. 

A big thumb~ up 10 Gene Slskel who wa~ an -:J; 
in~piration and vOIce for the country. The critic 
who made thumb~ up and thumbs down more 
than a gesture will be missed dearly. 

The UCSD Guardian 1'IIIInday, FcIIcuuy 25, 1999 

PINION 
II 

BIBLICAL INTERPRETATIONS 
OBEY SOCIAL 'PRESCRIPTIONS 

COMMENTARY: 
Readers should not take 
the Bible's morality and 
social implications lightly 
By Simone s.ntInI 
Senior Staff Writer 

A notable number of people act 
upon the unquestioned assumption 
that whatever the Bible says is true. 
Prima facie, whether or not you 
choose to believe this notion is a per-
sonal choice, but these people are try-
ing (both with persuasion and with 
less respectable means) to steer the 
whole society in the direction of their 
beliefs. The 'J.'Iestion of whether the 
Bible is, in any reasonable sense of the 
word, "true," is of interest also to the 
socially concerned. 

It is not quite clear what people 
mean when they say that they "believe 
in the Bible." Even a non-religious 
person like myself has no problem 
believing that the Bible exists and that 
some of the historical events it narrates 
actually happened. Some of these 
events have independent confirmation, 
and I do not have too much trouble 
admitting that others might also be 
true. (This doesn't mean that I regard 
the Bible as an accurate history book, 
although some fail to see the differ-
ence between the two points.) 

On the other hand, most religious 
groups (with the exception of the 
Christian Coalition) have no trouble 
admitting that some things reponed in 
the Bible arc not true. Apan from very 
curious notions of celestial mechanics, 
there arc togical inconsistencies: 
Matthew and Luke give two complete-
ly different genealogies of Jesus, so 
one of them has to be wrong. 

What exactly is meant by saying 
that a person believes in the Bible? For 
staners, these people should believe in 
the existence of God. This doesn't help 
much, as Carl Sagan ~nted out. A 

• don't "W of .., 
proof of the exist ••• 
of _1I1iopomorpIIIc 
.........,batlt 
would be sI.1y to ....., 
a.t the IIIIIY ... 
.xlsta. ........ 'ou 
..... V ........ or not 
............ Iot_ ..... 
,.. ..... ..,CIod. 

intentional predicates attributed to 
Him - not to mention the use of the 
pronoun ''him'' - tell a different story. 
The traditional view of God is that of 
an intentional entity and not that of a 
causal mechanism. This anthropomor-
phic stance, together with God's omni-
science and omnipotence, creates 
some unsettling consequences that 
scores of scholastic philosophers tried 
to settle, quite unsuccessfully. 

Together with this basic belief in an 
active God, believing the Bible entails 
the conviction that people should fol-
low a number of doctrinal .prescrip-
tions about God's view on personal 
and social behavior. 

Most of the social interest in reli-
gion comes from these prescriP.lions . 
Were it not for these, and the fact that 
religious activists try to enforce them 
in society, religion would simply be a 
personal philosophiQI point of view. 
Most of the social views of the reli- . 
gious right come from a literal inter-
pretalion of the old 1Cstament. This 
includes statements such as "God 
hates homosexuals" and "women 
should be subject to ·men" (who. my 

pantheist, like Spinoza or (according female readenhip will be happy to 
to most accounts) Einstein. would know. have the obliption of treating 
identify God with the totality aud the _ women righl). UnfortunMely for the 
harmony of the universe. On the other rest of us. some religious people have 
hand, the drawings that were shown to a propensity to support their philo-
me in Sunday school identified God as sophical point with the use of guns. 
an old, white male with a long, white These arguments lose quite a bit of 
beard. their force from the consideration that 

I don't know of any proof of the not all people who believe in the Bible 
existence of anthropomorphic patri- (in the sense established above) follow 
archs, but it would be silly 10 deny that the same social pRKriptions. For 
the universe exists. Whether you instance. many riallt-wi ... reliSious 
believe in God or not depends a lot on groups easerly endorse the death 
what you mean by God. penalty. while Catholics do not. (At 

The God in whom the Bible Jeads \east, they shouldn't, since die Pope 
us to believe reflects more of the definocl it c:oatrary to Christianity, and 
anthropomorvhie patriarch than of the Catholics are rorced by die doctrine to 
hannony of the universe. God might admit thII the P'ope II ri .... ) By the 
not seem very human, seein, aU same den, c.dIoIk:a .... believe • 
human concerns sub sp«~ (Mte"';- in evohllioa. OIl the .......... they 
tatis, bot the number and vM'iety of .. .,.,,.... 7 

The UCSD Guardian 

BUYING .BUNDLY Is COSUY 
Editor: 

Once again the Guardilul has 
produced an anicJe that it deems 
"news." thus implying its relative 
objectivity. qut an anicle with 
some objectivity would include 
multiple perspectives, or at least 
more than one JlCrspective, on the 
issue at hand. 

After reading the expansion ani-
cle ("Expansion Proposed for 
University Centers," Feb. 18) I was 
appalled by the message that 
seemed to be reponed: everyone 
"¥ts this expansion, and every-
body needs this expansion. Jeffrey 
Barker reponed only one side of the 
issue - the administration's side. I 
am not necessarily against the Price 
Center expansion; however, I 
believe that much scrutiny must be 
placed on such an important issue 
as a self-assessed activity fee. 

A self-assessed activity fee is a 
fee agreed on by the students 
through elections. In other words, it 
is a self-imposed tax 01) the stu-
dents, by the students. The fee 
never stops. Once it is approved, 
there is no real way of removing it. 
Theoretically. a facility can be built 
and be paid for by the activity fee. 
but the fee would still continue. 
ArJwIbly, it can be used for main-
tenance and upkeep, but the exact 
costs are really unknown to the stu-
dents. 

Many student organizations 
have talked to me about this expan-
sion informally. They agree, as do 
I, that the Price Center needs to be 
expanded; however, they do not 
agree that students should pay for 

GIVIUSTIME 
TORIPAY 

lOUR LOAN. 
After just three years in 

the Army, your college 
loan could be a thing of 
the past. 

Under the Army's Loan 
Rfpayment p-ogram, each 
year you serve on active 
duty reduces your indebt-
edness by one-third or 
$1,500, whichever amount 
is greater, up to a $65,000· 
limit. 

This offer applies to 
Perkins Loans, Stafford 
Loans and certain other 
federally insured loans 
which are not in default. 

And this is just the 
first of many benefits the 
Army will give you. Get 
the whole story from 
your Army Recruiter. 

619-4 ... 1711 

Letters tt\i Editor 
The Guardian welcomes letters from 
its readers. All letters must be no 
longer than three pages, typed, dou-
ble-spaced and signed. Letters must 
also contain a phone number. We 
reserve the right to edit (or lel'l(lfh 
and clarity. Letters may be dropped 
off at the Guardian office on the 
second floor o( the Old Student 
Center. Send alt letters to: 

The UCSD Guardian 
Opinion Editor 

9500 Gilman Dr. 0316 
La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 

Fax: (619) 534-7691 
e-mait: guardl~sd.edv 

it. I do not necessarily hold the 
view that students should not pay 
for it, but I believe that each stu-
dent voting needs to be well 
informed about all sides before 
making such a big decision. There 
are many major factors to consider. 

The first is: "00 we really need 
an expansion, and are we effective-
ly using the current spaces we have 
now?" It recent weeks I have met 
with frustrated students who feel 
that the conference rooms on the 
second floor (the rooms named 
after the UC schools) tend to be 
filled with administrative and acad-
emic meetings. They wonder what 
the departmental conference rooms 

are for if depertment meetings are 
constantly over at Price Center. 

The projected enrollment from 
the office of the registrar for the 
year 2002 is about 19,000 students. 
This will yield SJ.S million per 
year for the project. With $12 mil-
lion as the price tag, the expansion 
would be fully paid for in ~ight 
years. This is based on the initial 
2002 enrollment. However, enroll-
ment increases every year and the 
projected enrollment for 2005 is 
11,300 students. This enrollment 
would yield S 1.6 million per year 
for the project. Once again, stu-
dents must realize that the fee will 
continue even if a facility is paid 
off. 

The second issue is: "Should we 
be deciding the needs and wants of 
the future students?" In my opinion, 
by setting up the fee as it is (the 
defened charges), there is a strate-
gic purpose behind it. We are more 
likely to approve something if we 
do not pay for it. I have already 
heard from many seniors that they 
would vote for it because they think 
it might be needed, but thal they do 
not care much because it would not 
cost them anything. This is the typ-
ical senioritis response - we all 
were seniors in high school, so we 
all know how that feels. 

The last issue is: "What exactly 
are we approving?" Sure there is a 
gamut of new facilities that the 
Price Center expansion may 
include, but no plans have really 
been presented for the students to 
view. We may be building 50,000 

See LD1DS, Page 7 

lRican 
IWlJma I>iIlS 
• AfriaII iMadus is.. . If musk ...... blltists 
.. M1d1lllSiaIl styles:: ...... " ... cuIhnI 
,..... of Africa. 1Iis show wiI feature the ... of HISStII 

=s; ..... &.a...., IIMiian - danCIr; Ugandan ..... • -... of hIIIIiaId iIIsInnMIs 
..... 1tttt), ...... fC: ....... ,xvW-e); 
- frO.. Mali, Yaya DiaIIo, a master drum.... aiel healer. 

FeInry 26 • Friday • 8pm • Mandeville Auditorium 
&.1 517 .... 512. U(SI) Fac/SWf/Sr.Ot. 515 

, UC8D .. 0IIice: Itf.S34.1D ~ua:: 
~ ---~ PrIMI ..... .., UniverIity EftIIII 0IIIct ..:==.:.==:.. 

OPINION S 

--------------------~ $3.49 Dos Pee ... Combo I 
Fins p. 10 I 

--------------------_. 

~ ....... I. • ....,-..:..com _",---II 
CIIodt ....... ~_. 

-~--. -GIl •• ', 411M. 2.SHoP. 
-

I ... 



6 The UCSD Guardian Thunday, PeIIruIry~, 1999 

YOU DON'T HAVE TO BE 
AN' ECONO'MICS MAJOR TO KNOW 

THIS IS A GREAT DEAL. 

CD PLAYER 
DUAL AIR BAGS· 

AIR CONDITIONING 

POWER MIRRORS 

REMOTE KEYLESS ENTRY 
POWER LOCKS 

CRUISE CONTROL 

POWER WINDOWS 

SPORTY SEATS 

THE SENTRA aXE LIMITED EDITION 

ALLOY WHEELS 

$1,000 CASH BACK PLUS $750 COLLEGE CASH 
Right now, through the exclusive Nissan Campus Connection Program, you can buy the Sentra 

GXE Limited Edition with all the bells and whistles at a package savings of $950! Plus you can get 
$1,000 Cash Back~ on top of $750 College Cash:' (If only your student loan was this good of a deal.) 

EL CAJON 
Mossy Nissan EI Cajon 

1170 West Main St. 
(619) 588-0500 

NATIONAL CITY 
Moss)' Nissan, Inc. 

2700 National City Blvd. 
(619) 474-7011 

ENCINITAS 
Mos~y Nissan Encinitas 

160 Calle Magdalena 
(760) 942-1717 

SAN DIEGO 
Mossy Nissan Kearny Mesa 

4797 Convoy St. 
(619) 565-4411 

ESCONDIDO 
Mossy Nissan Escondido 

1551 Auto Parkway Nonh 
(760) 746-5050 

PACIFIC BEACH 
PacifIC Niuan 

44.n Mission Bay Drive 
(619) 581-3200 

BIBLE: 
Religion cannot be 
justified scientifically 
C •• llt ........... . 
believe that contraception is a sin. 
while most reformed churches do 
not. 

Even if we choose to ipore 
these discrepallCies. there is anoth-
er and more fundamental question. 
The Bible prescribes certain behav-
iors based on its authority as the 
word of God. Do we have any 
sound reason to believe that this 
claim is true'! 

If you are a pragmatist, you will 
answer that the Bible is true if it is 
useful to believe it in order to 
improve our life. This argument is 
not as silly as it might seem at first. 
It certainly has weight for a person 
in despair that sees religion as a 
consolation in hard times. Even if 
we accept it epistemologically <and 
I definitely don't), it is hard to say 
that religion with the attached cru-
sades, inquisition, witch hunts, 

LEnERS: 
Information about 
expansion is limited 
ClEtli ........... . 
square feet, but how much of that 
space is directly used for students'! 
Who decides what type of facilities 
are built, and how large will those 
facilities be'! I am reluctant to have 
the administration decide on what 
facilities are built and how large 
they should be. 

Examples of how the administra-
tion decides on issues can be 
explained by the construction of 
RIMAC and the parking on campus. 
RIMAC is a self-assessed. activity 
fee-funded facility. We, as students, 
pay $82 per quarter for it as part of 
our "fees" - whether we like it or 
not. Community membership is only 
$75 per quarter. while staff member-
ship is $55 per quarter. These two 
groups pay less than we do and also 
have the option of joining. With 
respect to parking, for every dollar 
we pay as students we receive less 
than a dollar's worth of space. 

In our everyday lives we do not 
purehase something without know-
ing what it is. 

We should apply that same stan-
dard for this issue. If we approve 

UCID GUARDIAN 
MONDAYS. 
THURSDAYS 

ignorance and superstition can be 
justified on pragmatic grounds. 

If you arc religious a la 19901, 
you are more likely to engage in a 
"scienti fic" defense of religion. 
People try to defend religion on 
pseudo-scientific grounds. like the 
fact that cenain predictions of the 
Bible were remarkably true. and so 
on. This reveals a deep misunder-
standing not only of epiSICrnologi-
cal consideration but also of the 
ontological status of the "true" 
entities, and of the whole truth-
searching attitude. 

No religious pelIOn would ever 
accept the existence of God in the 
same sense in which physicists 
accept the existence of the electron. 
To say that everything happens, 
like the existence of the electron. 
reveals an open attitude towards 
the ontological status of the models 
that iCience creates. 

The only philosophical require-
ment of an electron model is to pre-
dict the outcome of experiments. 
For the religious person, the 
requirement of God is to "exist," 

this expansion with the current 
information we have, we are blind-
ly buying something without really 
knowing what the product is. 

PIIt Ku 
Vice Presidenl 01 FiDance 
~~S~nIUCSD 

n.. Key Ar_ of 
DI .............. n 
EcUlor: 

The well-written article by Ki-
Min Sung ("UC Officials Discuss 
Growth in Enrollment," Feb. 22), 
makes me proud to be a UCSD stu-
dent. Knowing we excel in appli-
cant number. international _Iaim 
and alumni recognition is inspiring. 
Yet, important discussion remains 
in three key areas: off-campus 
housing, on-campus housing and a 
diverse applicant pool. 

While a "2IO,<XX> full-time stu-
dent" growth is noteworthy, the 
diversity of this group matters. An 
individual's heritage uniquely 
enriches the student body and should 
be actively sought and maintained. 
Curiously. the article overlooks 
housing effects. Ellen with a sixth 
college. numerous tint-year studenIs 
will need to live off-«:ampus. 
Predictably, less space for upper-
classmen and lransfers will persist, 

The UCSD au.dian 

whltever that might mean. Tbc sci-
entific attitude is open-minded. and 
curious. as opposed 10 the acquies-
cent and not unusually arrogant 
presumption of truth characteristics 
of most religions. 

It is this fundamental philosoph-
real difference, more than the 
empty attempts 10 defend creation-
ism or some other unlikely pseudo-
scientifIC doctrine, that makes me 
suspect all attempts to justify reli-
gion on scientific grounds. 

If we can't defend the Bible on 
scientific or on pragmatic grounds, 
then what are we to do with it? 

There is a theology in the Bible 
whose endorsement is essentially a 
personal choice, which everyone 
should accept or reject based on 
their personal education or inclina-
tion. However, taking up the 
Bible's morality and ideals of cre-
ation with feeble suppon and with-
out a critical analysis has deep 
social implications and should not 
be undenaken lightly. 

Send comments and Leiters to 
the Editor to guardian@ucsd.edu I 

I 
I Similarly, the off-campus climate I 

can be unwelcoming, with propeny .. 
managers frequently raising rent. 
Finally, while the administration's 
concern with UCSD's reputation is 
admirable, discussion on the above 
mentioned issues needs to continue. 

Stephanie Lerlzman 

• ....-eII Subjects 
Find Money .. Muir 
Edilor: 

OPINION 7 

• ~PL 'ng bl ~]k f~'~ ~t 
• -- J 

Party Hard~ Ttarel Safe 
Chf.db l;c;KJs. Gf'C,l1l I1dVic;e.. N' be.ob1 ~-T 1C;e. r--r'le.. PARIS SPECIAL: $509db1 air from W includel 5 nil basic 
ROSARITO 2ntl $119. 
quid IhIre plus Party Package 
SAN FEUPE 4 days $139. 
quad Includll tranaportation 

hotel continental breaJdaat 
LONDON; 
$529 
air from W includes 5 ntl hotel, 
continental breakfast 
SOflle r(>SIrI( 1I0ns (lpply. SubJect 10 avallabli lly. 

Ta1(es nOi Included 
~~~~~~~-----~ CEU: CoaacH on Inlernalional Educalional Exchange 

9500 Gilman Drive 
UCSD Price Center Ste. 76 ( ) 
La Jolla 619 452-0630 

... ... • - . 

--------------------~ 
!!~!ia~~L p. 10 : 

University- of San Die8Q 
• Experienced Faculty 
• Lecture Courses 
• In-Class Practice Exams 
• Free Refresher Course 

up to One Year 

J am writing in regards to the 
article that Jacqueline Cheung wrote 
about getting money for being the 
subject of experiments ("Research 
Assistas find Money In Scientific 
Studies," Feb. 18). Basically, I just 
want more information on how to 
subject myself to such opportuni-
ties. She said that she made S400 for 
the sleeping habit experiment. and I 
want to know how I, too, can make 
that kind of money. Any infonnation 
would be greatly apprecilled. 

Elijah BUoUa 

Editor's Note.' To become a 
research assistant for the psycholo-
gy depdrtmenl. students should go 
to 1M McGill Annex, located behind 
McGiU HaU at Muir college. There, 
students will Jind a number of list-
ings for currenl research studies. 

Test Preparation Courses 
Serra 1b11316, Alcala Park 
Saa Dieao. CA 
92110 

CosTA VERDE 
CooI:R 

1650 GlNlSlE AVE. Sn. 220 (619'452-7374 

FASIDON VALLEY 
COO'ER 

Nw SAIS FIfTH AVENUE (619,295-0537 

Brown Eyes to Blue, Green, Hazel 
PAIR 
COLORED 
CONTACTS 
frtshlook Colors wilh P.tJrchase 
of 2 boxes of dear freihLook 

DAILY WEAR EXTENDED WEAR DISPOSABLE LENSES 

S89** $99** $129** 
COMPLETE 2 PAIRS B&L FW COMPLETE 



8 NEWS The VCSD Guardian ThursdaY. February 25.1999 

Eating Disorders Plague Both Sexes 
STAnSTIC.: Approximately 15 percent of college-age women as well as a growing number of men suffer from eating disorders 

By~"IAsr .. 1 
The California Aggie (UC·Davis) 

(V-WIRE) DAVIS. Calif. 
Eating disorders have been known 
to affect women for many years. as 
well as a growing number of men. 
including many students on the VC 
Davis campus. 

The three main types of eating 
disorders found in people are 
anorexia nervosa. bulimia and 
binge eating. 

Anorexia nervosa is character-
ized by a refusal to uphold a 
healthy body weight through star-
vation and overexercising. There is 
also a loss of approximately 15 per-
cent of the normal body weight 
associated with anorexia. 

"A person with one type of eat-
ing disorder does not necessarily 
move back and forth between 
another type," Cowell Student 
Health Center dietitian Lorna 
Belden said. "People with anorexia 
can have bulimic tendencies. but 
are still anorexic. and vice versa." 

Bulimia is another common 
type of eating disorder. character-
ized by unrestrained binge eating 
and purging. Means of purging 
may include vomiting. overexercis-
ing or using laxatives. 

"The binging in this cycle can 
sometimes be 3.000 to 4.000 calo-

PACIFICEIBELL. 
Wir ..... 

ries at a time. and the purging can 
take place after every meal." 
Belden said. 

Binge eating is the third main 
type of eating disorder. which is the 
intake of large amounts of food. 
generally reacting to stress. 

"There is a much higher rate in 
bulimia." said Shelly Shavor. of the 
VCD Counseling Center. 

According to the Counseling 
Center. eating disorders affect 
approximately 15 percent of col-
lege-aged women, as well as a 
growing but undocumented num-
ber of men. Among these people, 
43 percent start this behavior 
between the ages of 16 and 20 
years old. 

There are approximately 5to 10 
million women in the Vnited States 
who are affiicted with eating disor-
ders. Approximately I million men 
have eating disorders. There is also 
an estimated 50,000 people that die 
as a result of the eating disorder. 

"The rate of eating disorders are 
not exclusive to, but higher in peo-
ple in dietetics. athletics and soror-
ities." Belden said. 

There are many possible causes 
for eating disorders that vary from 
person to person. 

"We are in a culture emphasiz-
ing image and body, where there is 

<, 

............... 

.......... .., .... 

....body, ....... 

........ 
bee ....... ., 
feel • ., bad., aboId 
... '.MIt.p ..... wIth_., 
......... .. 
SOIHtI_ faced 
with .... ., ..... 
....... ....., V.., ...... wIth 
otIIer' ........ " 

-....., ..... 
UCD Counsell", Center 

a background of feeling badly 
about one's self." Shavor said. 
"People with eating disorders are 
sometimes faced with family issues 
and are generally very in tune with 
other's needs." 

Shavor also noted that individu-
als affiicted with eating disorders 
are very sensitive toward others 
and often ne¢ to be in control. 

They also tend to be perfection-
ists. she said. The emphasis on 

LOWEST PRICE GUARANTEED** 

NDKIA 

5190 
Price $199 

tnstant Rebate ·100 
2-Yr Credit -SO 

CompCity Rebate -49 
FREE 

NDKIA 
C~I'\ECTISG PWPLE 

6190 
Price $299 

Instant Rebate -100 
2-Yr Credit -SO 

CompCity Rebate -49 
99 

------------~-------------
c6m'Pcfty c~ 

Free Car Adapter . : Free Leather Case 

being thin is not somethins people 
can escape. It is in maaazines, 
movies. television shows, commer-
cials and people's attitudes. 
Pictures of abnormally thin models 
are seen everywhere and are 
praised foc their physical beauty. 
People are subconsciously trained 
to connect heauty, desire, worth 
and sexual attractiveness with 
being thin for WORICII. 

"Causes for eating disorders can 
also be attributed to restricti ve aUi-
tudes in regard to eating things 
only low in. fat or fat free,as well as 
having a fear of becoming fll," 
Belden said. 

Shavor holds group sessions 
specifically for eating disorders, as 
well as individual therapy free of 
charge through the Counseling 
Center. She has two groups, made 
up of eight people each, who meet 
once a wceIc. 

"Medication is provided to 
some, but not all, in the psy-
chotherapy ~ps and the individ-
uallherapy, 'she said. 

The Counseling Center also 
provides nutrition help to all indi-
viduals who need it. 

According to Shavor, most of 
the people who come seeking help 
for eating disorders come by them-
selves, although some are brought 

by their family and friends. The 
Countclins Center also sees many 
refcrrals from the CSHC. 

There are many health risks 
associaled with eatins disorders. 
Poor nulrition, weakenini of booes 
and bone frIcturcs. insufficient lev-
els of calcium and iron and rnuscu-
IoskeIeIaI injuries from ovcrexen:is-
ing _ just some of the side effects. 

1bcre is also a higher risk for 
medic:al complic:ations when a 
patient has an eating disorder, and 
people with bulimia often experi-
enc:e a breakdown of tooth enam-
el. 

Additionally, when the percent-
Ile of body fat drops enough in 
women, there is not enough fat to 
produc:c hormones for menstrua-
tion. Eating disorders have primar-
ily been a women's issue, but is 
now gaining prevalence in men as 
well, although men are often undcr-
diagnosed. 

Now a type of "reverse anorex-
ia" is being recognized in men. 
Instead of losing weight, the 
emphasis is on adding built, or 
muscle, which c:an be just as 
unhealthy. In addition, the rates of 
use in "dietary supplements" -
illegal and legal anabolic steroids 
- arc increasing among adult men 
and teenage boys. 

With Any Activation I With Any Activation 
----~~~~ ____ I ____ ~~~~----

COLOR CASES 
AVAILABLE I 

flatld.!, MltoL 4tL 8pID 
ptloe Celltet fl, •• 

- AClIVATID ON DIGITAL _ OR HICIHIIIJ I'lNI, WITt! A 2 '" ~ 
AIID_IIIMCI POfI A ..... OPIIICIIm& 

- COIIIPCr1'Y WILL MATCH /IIt'f VIM'f ..... ADVIImIID "lei ON 1111 AD. 

8755 MIre ..... Blvd, see 114 ~ CompCity IIoft.f'ft lAM • 7PIII 8eI4un lOAM • 5PtII 
(619) 622-1900 We mMe technology ,,",,* . .,.. (11') 122-11112 FAX ..:;Lo:':_=';::::II~f-

.1tJ, ,Ibn. 
'A'j.ueDJIIlI' 
-.ad 'It "I, 

'Ib)sa fltk.· 
(Bt.tf~t4f Mtt. tt 
d. Blok .t t'. BII) 

1 his Saturday, a group of VCSD graduate music stu-dents will be performing at the Spruce Street Forum in San Diego at 8 p.m. as the Punkt Project. They will be playing an improvisatory style that focuses strongly on collaboration. careful listening and the musical journey 
of the group. 

For Vlfar Ingi Haraldsson. the project director. the idea for the 
Punkt Project came to him ten years ago while studying composi-
tion and jazz studies in his native Iceland. It still is. he admits. a 
hard idea to define (,'Punkt" is Icelandic for "point") but his goal 

• is to present music that is ba~ed on basic musical ideas that "pro-
vide a sort of springboard or stimulus for various forms of Impro-
visation ." 

This music is particularly inspired by the experimental. electric 
jazz of the I 970s as it "focuses significantly on 'groove' and very 
rhythmic music." said Haraldsson. That genre. however. is far 
from being the Punkt Project's only influence. Rather than impro-. 
vising with alternating band members. the Punkt Project 
emphasize the collective shaping of music by all of its 
members at the same time, which means that the group 
may end up far from where the piece or idea began. ' 

It is .this "gravitation" found in the group's cohe· 
sion as well as the innumerable directions 
they might lead to that Haraldsson is 
trying to explore. The pieces themselves. 
with titles such as "Chasing the Spirit." 
"Silting on the Lotus Flower ...... "Dragon" 
and "The Fog of the Lonely Mountains." sug-
gest certain moods or scenes that can be fol-
lowed very closely or equally vaguely, depend-
ing on what directions the collective decides to 
take. 

Since they are all based on the same pool of 
ideas, the pieces suggest a kind of imaginary and spir-
itual journey. Their interrelationship makes the open-
ended possibilities of each piece's direction all the more 
interesting to consider during the performance. 

With this musical context in mind. Haraldsson experiment-
ed with how much music he actually needed to write beforehand 
in order to create "a sufficient stimulation and challenge [or inter-
est)" for the group to compare and contrast with the more open-
ended improvisatory parts. Another consideration was how these 
different elements could be combined to create something that 
would be musically interesting for the audience. 

The members of the Punkt Project are: Erik Griswold. key-
boards and synthesizers. Glen Whitehead, trumpet; Terry Long-
shore. drum set and percussion. Brett Reed. vibraphone and per-
cussion; and Ulfar Haraldsson. project coordinator and electric 
bass. The performers are all VCSD students, and all of them are 
experienced in both jazz and "art" music. The pieces they will be 
playing utilize (and build on) all of the skills that they have 
acquired from their experiences in both genres. The influence from 
the myriad of styles and experiences of each performer should be 
expected to manifest themselves in the mix as well. 

In recent rehearsals, the ensemble has stayed fairly "truthful" to 
the written materials, said Haraldson. The extended improvisa-
tional sections have been developing the material in fascinating 
ways without straying off on distant and unrelated tangents. Rather 
than making these music uninteresting. one would expect this 
faithfulness to enhance the generation of the particular moods and 
characters that were in Haraldsson's mind when he wrote those 
materials. Also. staying reasonably close to the seed material of 
the pieces would, most likely. make the transitions between them 
give rise to a more coherent picture of the whole performance's 
"journey." 

According to Haraldsson, the Punkt Project is an effort in" "pro-
moting and embracing that delicate state of creativity where every-
thing becomes fascinating and of utmost importance." More 
importantly. he continues. it focuses on the true quality and indio 
vidual character of an experience, created by dedicated musicians 
in opposition to the corporate over-production and over-consump-
tion of the music industry. 

The live members of the Punk& Project are trying to create a 
single musical entity that grows and slowly changes as it explores 
different directions and possibilities in realtime. 

• 

Inspired by the experimental electric · 
jazz of the 1970s, Ulfar Haraldsson 
presents Punkt Project, a five member 
ensemble focusing on 'groove' theory 
through improvisation and creativity 

By William Steinberg 
STAFF WRITER 



10 HIATUS The UCSD Guardian 

•••••••••••••••••••••••• 

Dos Pescados 
Combo Only $3.49 

That's two of our BmER 
fish tacos, beans and chips! 

~~~~ ~-==-
LA JOlLA VILLAGE SQUARE ~~~ 

• 

n~!5 cnupon good for up to 2ordert. Not ~Iad with 
. ny other offer Offer ekF-res '''1198 

•••••••••••••••••••••••• 

• Nol><I o.-,ve 8~ Hrgnw.y 5 G.m~ Ave. & LsmO<1t 5t 
270·FINS 274-FINS 

,--- -'- - - --- - - - - - - --- ------- --, 

: UNDERGROUND SOUNDZ 

SOCIETY BILLIARD CAfE 
Restaurant & Bar· 15 Pool Tables 

9-Bail Tournament every Wed. Nisht! 
M-f Noon-2am, Sat. & Sun. 11am-2am 

1051 Garnet Avenue, Pacific Beach 272-POOL 
r--------------- -------------~ 
I 1 Up toS8value I I •••• POOL I 

•• _..... I I ......... 11' .. I 
--. r... II.a.l.otu.toMOII Get 2ndllour .. EEIII IcWith$1OrrriTunfoodlb. ....... pu-chase I (-=---1 ....... , I I - per person) I ~n:tIJII ....... IJ, I I Bring in this c~! I ~ _ ~'! ~hi~ c~~~:,:x~ 3~~9~ _ I I _ .:.r~ ~ ~.r ~x~~ ~~!... _ J 

r------ - :;::m::!:; ... ,- - - - -~- - - - -- - --- - -, 

La.lo/la ·'·<::':"'/'w"':':C::·:' , HXd V,lb I., lolia f)ri\'~ 
VillCl!!,C' Cellter (next to Kinko/.)452~97~$ 

We specialize in 
I ·//W/II I1.' • . 1/i1lC'I/tiS • IIC'I'/)s • .1m/l /() /locls 

FI/IIC''\'\ • /)le/I'I'O(/IIL'/.\ (.. II/Ol'e
' 

$ 300 OH Your IU!xt purcbase of $15 or more! I w,th thiS coupon EJiciude, ioIe I merchandise Oller exporM 3/25/99 
~-------------------

Ecbinacea 
Capsules 

NII/rilional Slip port Jor 
.1'0111' Immllne ~I's/e",.' 

GlIarallleed Ac/il'C' 
Il1wediC'l1/s.' 

--------~ 

B.L.U.E. IS 
ANYTHING BUT 
Music ~ui a prcp!r de5cription 
By Clayton B. Payne 

Thursday, February 25, 1999 

band, Earthworks, to see how far one could 
apply electronic percussion as a melodic tool 
in a jazz selling. However, his sole reliance 
on acoustic drums on "Cerulean Sea" to 
establish metric antagonism implies a realiza-
tion that his reliance on electronics overshad-
owed his quality as a musician. "Original 
Sin," credited as his creation, echoes with the 
sound of his Earthworks material. Yet without 
electronic drums, there is a greater wannth in 
th'e songs than in some of his older material. 

As serious as they are about their craft, 
Bruford and Levin include moments of levity 
to keep their CD from becoming a pretentious 
exercise. The liner notes are hysterical. Bru-
ford's wit comes through on his comments for 
each track, as he describes middle sections as 
"all red velour and bead curtains" or suggests 
alternate titles such as "No Truce with the 
Furries:" poking fun at his body hair. Levin's 
humor is less eccentric, filled with subtle 
asides that are in keeping with the style of his 
playing. 

"Etude Revisited" opens and closes with 
excerpts of a jovial band dinner at a cantina 
near Levin's home in Woodstock. Caught up 
in the friendly interplay between the musi-
cians, one hates to hear it end as the song 
begins. But the reward is well worth it, for 
"Etude" is the most vivacious track on the 
album. The Chapman Stick carries the live-
over-seven melodic interplay, as the guitar . 
and trumpet soar in and around Levin's.play-
ing. This track is a celebration of how far 
Levin has come as a solo musician in the last 
few years. "Etude Revisited" is also an 
expansion of a duet Levin and Bruford did 
on Levin's first solo release, World Diary, 
where Bruford played tuned electronic 
drums along with Levin's the Chapman 
Stick. 

The album closes with "President's Day," 
a processional summation of all the parts that 
make the CD a necessity. Bruford describes it 
a~ "Varese on several parades at once." The 
marching loop, acoustic drums and layered 
vocal drones all swirl in different directions as 
the Chapman Stick. trumpet and guitar dance 
between the chaos. 1be indecisiveness is 
exciting. One must guess where the song is 
eventually going because there is no hope of 
it finding resolution. BOlli's trumpet is at its 
most dangerous on this track. Bits of dialogue 
from "Etude" resurface, as do the sounds of 
Bruford drumming on a derelict piano in 
Levin's garage. "President's Day" is the 
whole CD at once. As such, it is fascinating to 
allempt to decipher it. Without an ending, the 
song leaves the musical statement of the 
album unfinished. for there is much more to 
say. 

BLU.E. is one of, if not the most satisfy-
ing CD purch~ to date, both as a result of 
the quality of the music and the adventurous 
spirit that envelops each track. Bruford and 
Levin surpassed anything one could have 
hoped for knowing their reputations and pre-
vious work. Bolli and Tom take up the chal-
lenge of the music and carry it well beyond 
what seems possible. Many of the live shows 
following the release of this album were 
recorded, and plans for a second album are in 
the works. So there is the possibility of this 
singular gem becoming the first in a series oj' 
music that transcends proper description. 

Papa Bear Records was formed by Levin 
to release his World Diary album, and has 
since released another CD titled From the 
Caves of the Iron Moul\I(Jin, a video that 
chronicles the making of that album, a book 
of essays by Levin titled Beyond The Bass 
Clef and Funk Fingers, as well as B.LV.E. As 
it is produced by an independent company 
with no major distributor, the material is 
available via the internet at 
www.papabear.com. The website also features 
photos and a diary by Levin from the tour that 
followed the release of B.LU.E .. 

Thursday, February 25, 1999 The UCSD Guardian H1ATUS II 

FRENCH FUNK FLASHES UCSD, CANADIAN STYLE 
La Bottine Souriante combines mUltiple musical styles for an eclectic, high-energy performance 
By ChrIs DunnirW 
Guardian Reporter 

On Saturday night in the Pril:C 
Center Ballroom, nine Canadians 
got down and gOl funky. La Bouine 
Souriante, a French-Canadian group 
from Quebec, combines musical 
,tyles from Francc, England, Ireland 
and Scotland to make a sound that is 
all its own but still distinctively Que-
becois. 

La BOlline lirst came to the Que· 
bec music scene in 1976. Over the 
next 23 years they released ni ne 
albums and appeared in up to 80 
shows per year. In their native Que-
bec, their popularity is shown 
through their music videos and sta-
dium packed perfonnances. 

La Bottine molded a sound from 
a variety of cultures to limn a very 
engaging, pa~sionate mix~ One can 
detect traces of salsa an4 jazz blend-
ed in with French-Canadian folk. A 
healthy dose of Irish tolk is also 
thrown in lor good measure. 

La BOltine started the show with 
a lively instrumental that set the pace 
lor the rest of the night. It was clear 
right from the start that every mem-
ber of the band loved playing his 
music and had absolutely nowhere 
else he would rather be on a Satur-
day night. 

The lead singer of the band, Yves 
Lambert, had no shortage of energy 
and put all of it into his music. 1be 
French lyrics rolled off of his tongue 
like water. and his skill with the 
accordion was outstanding. His most 
amazing musical feat. however, was 

an extended mouth harp solo at the 
end of the show that had the entire 
crowd cheering and clapping. 

The other star of the night was 
Michel Bordeleau, who's musical 
genius was showcased on stage. 
Bordeleau played five instruments 
throughout the show, all while pro-
viding the percussion for the band by 
tapping and stomping his feet. Bor-
deleau followed Lambert's example 
and did a marvelous fOOl-tapping 
solo at the end of the show. 

The fiddle (played by Andre 
Brunet) and the accordion dueled 
back and lorth throughout the entire 
show. The melody alternated 
between the two of them, and was 
backed up by a stellar brass section 
that included trombones, a trumpet 
and a saxophone. The recurring 
theme seemed to be songs that start-
ed out with a steady beat and built up 
to a very high level of energy. 

The musical caliber of La Bottine 
was excellent. They played together 
like a well oiled machine, working 
off of each other's improvisations 
and solos. All nine members of the 
band contributed toward a style that 
lelt an electric charge in the air and a 
smile on everyone's face. 

Every member of the band was 
an accomplished musician in his 
own right. With the exception of the 
brass section, everybody in the band 
played at least two instruments and 
played them wel~. It was incredible 
to see these men switch instruments 
in the middle of a song and not even 
miss a beat. 

In addition to playing multiple 
instruments, every member con-
tributed to the vocal SCttions either 
in the chorus or with brief solos. 
Lambert handled the lyrics with 
ease. Bordeleau also had some solos, 
often while playing an instrument. 
The vocal sections complimented 
the instrumentals nicely. The general 
paUern was to have the first section 
of the song accompanied by lyrics, 
while the second half was purely 
instrumental. 

La Botline peppered their play 
list with just enough low-energy 
tunes to keep the crowd on their toes. 
A few songs were almost complete-
ly vocal, and they were all beautiful-
ly sung. Lambert did his best to 
explain the songs before they were 
performed, but his spotty English 
made him difficult to understand. 
Although the words were not com-
prehensible to the majority 
of the audience members, 
the emotion came through 
and with it so did the mean-
ing of the songs. 

The higher-energy dit-
ties were, by far, the 
favorites of the crowd. It 
was great to see all the 
members of the band get into the 
music; the antics of Brunet while 
playing the liddle were very amus· 
ing. 

By the second half of the concert 
the less inhibited members of the 
audience migrated to the back of the 
ballroom and began dancing to the 
Iltusic. La BOItine stepped up the 

pace of the music, playing to the lib-
erated souls in back. Hoots and 
hollers were yelled with the start of 
any fast song and the band loved it. 

The concert ended with a stand-
ing ovation and chants for an encore. 
The band submilled by coming oul 
and jamming for live minutcs or so, 
wowing the entire crowd in the 
process. 

La BOlline Souriante put on an 
impressive show, packing the entire 

1T'111:1I'. lEW YEIII EVE. 
11'1''''. _EIE 'III lITE 117 ucsd 

I ... "iiilell Case, Affleck DaYl C~appIIiI 
Guillermo Dial Anglla Flatherston. Janeane Garofalo 
6aby Hoff.ann Kate Hudson CourtnlY LoYl Jay Mohr 

Martha Plillpton Christina Rlcd Paul Rudd 

f' ' " 

two and a half hours with energy and 
vibrJnce. With any luck they will 
appear at UCSD again sometime 
soon. 

I, Carla Galdani 
Trillllilt!~ ., 

Rabert CarnthUltitl! 
limt!~ ., 

AOOE NRUrrmAO 

f\/I,I'( I. \ 4 • . It 1\ ()() I)'" 1'V'I.,.c t, ? It ? ()() J'fl't ~ 

1\( .. () I I ,.. f," I " l I 1 '. ;' 1 \iJ V\I V,J I I, •. 1' I. I' f d •. (I ,. 

!. 
" 

I 
I 

I' 
I 



12 The UCSD Guardian _ _ .ThY..rs4a"y', .February 25, 1999 

PACIFIC BELL. 

Thursday, February 25, 1999 The UCSD Guardian 

I IIAI bu m Reviews ••• 

---
-**** 

Mileage is Mick Overman's lat-
est studio etTon. a solo acoustic 
project. Overman may not be a 
household name, but what he lacks 
in recognition. he certainly com-
pensates for with hard work and 
integrity: Overman averages over 
300 paid performances per year; 
one year he played 379 times. 

Overman ekes out his living on 
the bar and club circuit, often dri-
ving 250 miles for less than 550. 
That being said, Mileage is a very 
good album. Entirely acoustic, it 
has an eanhy, roots feel to it, 
vaguely reminiscent of Lcd Zep-
pelin's 1/1. 

The album features Overman's 
trademark mixture of straight-for-
ward blues and folk, combined with 
his natural, robust vocals. Mileage 
was re(:orded live in the studio with 
no overdubs, so it maintains the 
rough feel of a live performance. 

Mileage is a collection of seven 
soulful originals, the best cuts 
being the Bob Dylan-ish "The 
Goddess is a Rockin' Babe," a 10-
and-a-half-minute folksy number 
called "Soften the Rough Edges of 
the Night," and some auspiciously 
chosen covers. Deadheads will 
appreciate Overman's rendition of 
"Box of Rain." 

This album is highly recom-
mended to fans of simple, honest, 
well-written music - a scarce 
commodity these days. 

- Tristan Wand 

.... ZtIIIIrIIe 
He/lbilly Deluxe 
-..--
-*** 

For all those hoping for another 
White Zombie album, you're in 
luck. But sadly, anyone hoping for 
a new sound from the creative mas-
termind Rob Zombie is in for some 
disappointment. 

Hellbilly Deluu is a collection 
of hard-core. fast-driven songs typ-
ical of Zombie's style. The classi-
cal Zombie themes of monsters, 
death and hell are revisited often 

..... 

FOCIJsed Daily 

--
-*** 

Defari has surfaced, nppmg 
mics through the underground. As 
the newest member of the Likwit 
Crew which includes Tha Alkaho-
liks, Xzibit and King T to name a 
few, the teacher turned rapper has 
made his debl.lt with the album, 
Focused Daily. 

He maintains an aniculate, 
intelligent rhyming style through-
out the album and steers clear of 

throughout this album. These any hyper-commercial innuences. 
themes are accentuated by the 24- A true lyricist, Defari remains true 
page album sleeve. The sleeve con- to underground hiphop authentici-
lains photos of the band, morbid ty, especially when he dedicates a 
comics and lyrics. It's unclear if song to real DJs who use turnta-
Zombie is trying to scare us, or is bles, a group of anists who have 
indeed very scary, but it is obvious by and large been under-represent-
that the boy has some serious ed. 
issues to deal with. With solid beats, DJs scratching 

The album does take a few new hooks and infiltrating verbal clari-
twists by displaying a masterful ty, he celebrates the traditional 
and tasteful use of electronic tech- • structure of the rap song. Ethereal 
niques. A definite improvement is synth riffs and samples decorate his 
Zombie's new-found skill of enun- bare-bones beats and punctuate the 
ciation, which actually allows the rhythm but keep the focus on the 
listener to understand the lyrics. lyrical content. 

The album contains a few His cameos include under-
pounding, high-energy songs such ground West Coast brethren 
as "Superbeast," "Dragula" and Dilated Peoples, Phil tha Agony. 
"Meet the Creeper." It also has Xzibit and, of course, Tha Alka-
some very intriguing titles, such as holiks. 
"How to Make a Monster" and His themes exhibit Me her-
"The Ballad of Resurrection Joe itage. a love for hiphop and a dash 
and Rosa Whore." All in all, the of social consciousness. If you are 
album is fair. but is ultimately a West Coast underground hiphop 
plagued by a sense of repetition fan, Focused Daily is a definite 
and homogeneity. pick-up. 

- Slim St .. .., 
- J F.,and 

record 
RATINGS 

hiatus 534-6583 · 

Excellent 
Good 
Fair 
Weak 
Poor 

***** 
**** 
*** 
** 
* 

.. 

HIATUS 13 

STUDENT TRAVEL 
This ai.'t YI.r IIlr •• t's travelage.cy. 

GRAND 
OFENING 

270-1750 
447S ....... 11wd. 
.... " 

5 •• ' •• 1 •••••••••• $ .. 5 
H ••• I.I •••••••••••• $218 
,.kr •............... $Sl2 

sm 
STA 7RAVEL 
__ II1II ...... 

www.statravel.com 
--------------------~ $30FF ....... p 10: Great Earth Vitamins • I 

rl7tc ~RCSS ~ =:OFCAURllN~ LEARN JAPANESE IN JAPAN! 
..... , •. _.mus. JIIII 

The IO/e 01 how 0 d,ess efleets the lives 
01 e_,yone who comes In contoct with 
It_ The seemlnllly ho,m/ess I,ocle 
unrovels _ch 1/" os qulclely os It spins 
them oil tOllelhe" In 0 mesme,/z'nll 
ond dislUTbIiitI w.Ii 01 sex ond lonlllnll_ 

T7\.N GO · .... .;:.:. 
... ,.· ............ ·t, .. 

Nomlnoted 10, .est Fo,..n Rim lit Ihls 
yeor's Acodemy A_,ds, TANGO Is on 
emotlonolly chollenlllnll tolce on 
A'lIentino's notlonol donce, usl"" one 
mon's mid-II" crisis tIS 0 vM/c/e 10 the 
h_TI 01 whot IO"fIO m_ns. 

Enroll in a concentrated beginning or intermediate study program "t 
UCR's sister university, Fukuyama University, located near Hiroshima . 
Participants in this course learn to speak, read and write Japanese and 
will stay with Japanese families to gain greater understanding of the 
culture as well as the language. 

School Dates: June 28-July 23, 1999 
Orientation Meeting: April 8, 1999, 7-9 pm 
Coat: $2,600 (includes tuition, meal., 
accommodations, insurance and some local 
transportation) 
A $500 dep08it i. due by April 30, 1999, with 
the balance due on May 28. 

UCR EXTENSION 
Inland Empft~ ",.,., ,..,., II( CDIIIftiIt edIcGIIon ~ ",...... 



14 The UCSD Guardian Thunday • ......, 25. 1999 

. , 

IS SPORTS 

COWMN: 
Coach now parks in 
handicapped spots 
C ...... lI ....... __ 20 
had to get up a couple of times for 
balhroom and food breaks. which 
are way. way too stressful on my 
knee. 

Currently. I am working on a 
"Coach Diaper." and am negotiat-
ing with the roommates about 
moving the refrigerator to within 
an arm's length of the couch. 

Laying on the couch all day 
would get lonely, but because of 
"Black Sunday." now I have a 
crutch buddy. You should see my 
roommate and I trying 10 get 
around. We are a damn freak show, 
but we ' re very fun to watch. My 
roommates call us the "Cripple 
Twins." So now I have someone 
to lay on the other couch and keep 
me company. 

Another perk I've noticed is 
that everyone around me is being 
very helpful. Like for instance 
last night, I got one of my room-
mates to go and buy me beer. 
Now that is what I'm talking 
about. Going to the store would 
be, you guessed it, way. way too 
stressful on my knee. 

So, while it 's true that I am 
currently living the professional 
athlete's nightmare, it's obvious-
ly not all bad. If anyone can tum 
this injury into a positive thing, 
it's probably the Coach. To the 
couch! 

I .... ALL: 
I UCSD ends season 
. with 20-5 record 

c ............. __ • 
guys out of the way for the ball." 
. The Triton seniors tried their 
best not to go out quietly. The 
Tritons were losing 61-44 at the 
beginning of the second half, but 
they clawed their way back into 
it, making II of 17 three pointers 
in the second half. Forward Mike 
Wall had 23 points, including 5 
of 8 from downtown. Tyler 
Garralt added 20 points. includ-
ing the buzzer-beating three-
pointer that left the Tritons just 
one point shy. Adam Libby 
scored 12 points and had 6 
assists. while Joel Foote's only 
miss came on the free-throw line. 
Foote was 4-4 from the field. 
including 3-3 from the three-
point line. Junior Sam Higgins 
also added 15 for the Tritons. 
Despite all of that, they came up 
just shon. The same can be said 
about the season. 

With the loss, the Tritons lost 
almost all hope of a playoff benh. 
UCSD holds the "honorable men-
tion" position in the NCAA 
Division III Western Region poll. 
but the chance that they will jump 
into the top six teams after this 
loss is very slim. 

"The stars would have to be 
aligned for us to get in," Dillon 
said. "We're not even practicing 
this week." 

HOUR 
TWICE NIGHTLY 
4pm-6pm & lOpm-12mldnlght 

$225 Pints 
DIscounted AppetIzers 

Seven DaYs a Week. 
Live Jazz and Blues 

Thursdays 6:00pm 
Saturdays 9:00pm 

COM\NG 
March 6th\ 

Lava Lager 
LUAU 
\~ \ ..., \ \ ~ H \ \ I 

11.OCK· Il()TTOM 

Life's Better at The Bottom 
8980 Villa La Jolla Drive 

LA JOLLA I fi 1914:)0 9177 

The UCSD Guardian 

Despite losing their last two 
games of the year, the Tritons sea-
son cannot be passed off as a dis-
appointment. Head Coach Greg 
Lanthier didn't think it was possi-
ble for this team to win 20 games, 
but they did it with toughness, 
heart and excellent team chem-
istry. 

"This is probably the most fun 
group of guys I've ever been 
around." Dillon said. "It's defi-
nitely the best team I've ever 
helped coach. To be 20-5 and not 
in the playoffs is disappointing, 
but it doesn'ttake away from what 
these guys have accomplished this 
season." 

One of the reasons for the frus-
tration is that UCSD is a Division 
III independent, not aniliated with 
any conference. With conferences 
come automatic bids. just ask 
Pomona-Pitzer. who is playoff-
bound despite a worse record 
against worse competition than 
the Tritons. 

However, things might not get 
any belter for UCSD when it 
moves up to Division II. The 
California Collegiate Athletic 
Association (CCAA) is one of the 
best basketball conferences in the 
country. 

Even though there will be no 
playoffs this season. the Tritons 
should hold their heads high. 
They gave their best effort and 
exceeded expectations. No more 
could have been asked of them. 
They gave Triton fans a season to 
remember. 

SOnBALL: 
Tritons fall short in 
second game as well 
c ......... ,.... Ne 20 
determination. 

In their second game of the 
night. the Tritons came out fired 
up. but fell shon 4-\. Again, the 
offense left runners stranded but 
defense made an impressive show-~ 
ing. 

"We should hit their pitchers. 
they weren't fantastic," Gerckens 
said. "We had our chances in both 
games but we did not come 
through in pressure situations." 

Defensively, Snyder had a big 
game behind the plate. as she 
handled freshman Harlan's pitch-
es very well and tagged another 
runner out at home. First baseman 
Natalie Andrade also had a big 
game, digging multiple low 
throws out of the din and pre-
venting runners from reaching 
first. 

"Helping on defense is my 
job," Andrade said. "We were 
making plays all day and I was 
just helping out." 

Third. baseman Jeanine 
Cordero came through in the sev-
enth inning, making a diving stab 
and an outstanding throw to nail 
the runner at first and then catch-
ing a scorching line drive 
moments later to end the top of 
the inning. 

A light moment in the day 

Thursday. February 25. 1999 

came when Erin Bridges gave a 
high five to the Torero shonstop 
after a play, who happens to be 
her sister. Jenni fer. 

"II's sisterly love before the 
teams. I congratulated her for 
doing something good," Bridges 
said. 

The lone offensive highlight 
for the second game was based 
on hustle. as Sam beat out a 
throw to first to ignite a small 
rally. After freshman Kristina 
Anderson singled. Cordero did 
the same and Sam hustled in the 
score. 

However, the loss came one 
inning later as the Tritons were 
unable to put together a string of 
hits and dropped the game 4-1. 

The Tritons staned the season 
on a 3-0 run. but have dropped the 
past five games in a row. 

UCSD was swept by Division 
I Chapman University in the 
team's last doubleheader, losing 
the first game 7-1. as Bridges 
scored on a single by Andrade. 
The second game was closer. bu. 
the final score of 3-1 told the tale 
of a lacking offense for the 
Tritons. 

Overall. the team is improving 
and sellling into its groove. The 
team's next opponent will be 
Division III Whillier College. and 
the Tritons hope do well on the 
road. 

"Once they calm down. they'" 
do fine .... Gerkens said. "Spirits 
are up, and it's imponant that 
they stay up. Once we beat 

THE JOKE'S ON YOU. ApRIL 1ST IN THE GUARDIAN. 



J 

16 CLASSIFIEDS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
FLY CHEAP!! 
.. ROUND TRIP COURIER FARES" 
London 5349 SIng S300 Hang Kong $389 
Chlnl $36O'Sydney SS80 a.ngIIOII $370 

AIR COURI ER INTERN ATIONAL 
1·800·298-1230 24 hr 

POETS; WRITERS; ARTISTS 
Warren College Literary·Arts Journal 
(ALL FOR SUBMISSIONS 

PQETRY" PROSE: One copy with 
name. address. phone; 3 copies 
w/ o name, address. ph. 
ART: Can be any medium, should 
include camer&ready representation 
as necessary (sculpture, etc.) 

WAUIN (OLLI" WIItnN' ~IAM. II( 41 
WARREN STUDENTS ONL) 

NO LIMIT ON = Of IUHMISSIONS' 
fOR INfO CALL Sq WAH 

DEADLINE EXTENDED TO MAI( 1 

Jewish Research subjects 
reimbursed for interview. If you are 
a UCSD student, 21 -25, call 552-
8585 x4185 for more information. 
(1/25-2125) 

The UCSD Guardian 

CLASSIFIEDS' 
The UCSD Guardian reserv" the right to classify, edit. delete oIIenlive words and 
phrases. and/or refuse any and all advertisements w~hout prior notification. The Adv8fllser 
will not hold the Guardian liable for any claims relUning from the publication 01 the 
advertisement. The publisher will also not be held accountable for any ctaim from an 
agreement made between the advertiser and the consumer. 
Copy should be reviewed by the advertiser lor errors. In order to be corrected In the next 
regular issue. all errors musl be reported by the corresponding deedline. Credit will only 
be given for the incorrect portIOn of the advertisement. There are no refunds for canceHations. 
PIe_ .. nd 811 co"..poncIenc. regarding C .... lflecla 10: 
UCSD Guardian. Ann: Cla •• ltted •• 1500 Gilman Drlv. 10311, La Jolla, CA Il20l3. 
ActuallocaUon: Student C.nter A, Room 217. 

Classified Line 
Ad Rates 

......... :11 ... ..... 
FICIIIIr I iliff: 14 ... ..... 

A.~: _ ... ..... 

Advance payment Ia ,.quIrecI. 

Classified Display 
Ad Rates 

$1.00 per column Inch 
Deedl .... : 

_ DIIo DIIpIeJ Me LlnI AdI 

IIoIWy Noon TlIura. 3 PIlI TlIura. 
~ Noon lion. 3II1II ilion. 

FARES WORLDWIDE!!! CALL: www.picantetours.com(2I22-3111) intemationally. CaH 1-888·Council 
888-AIRHITCH. www.airhitch.org PARTY IN BAJA! Rosarito & ask for Maria. (211-318) 
(2122-3111) Beachfront 1·7 bedroom homes. 

UCSD Stlltlt~l1t Alldll" 
presents: 

MEET THE CEO 
SEMINAR 

InteresllJd in a career in the private sector? 
Find out wIIat ~ takes to succeed and what 
ifs like to be the Chief Executive Officer 

of a major corporation. 
Ge.,.. killiK, linn" CEO .f WD-4I CItI,."" will share personal insights 

and experiences. 
Don't miss your chance to learn from 

someone who made it to the top. 
Wed., Mlrch 3,2:3Opm 

lillie earnr Semen CIftIIr 
For more Info C811534-3750 

Surf, sun, sand, swim- singles, 
couples, groups $29·$3951night. 
011-52·615-50174 (2122·314) 

EVE N T S 
Leadership Seminar: Self Esteem: 
presented on 312199 from 3-4 p.m. 
in the Price Center Gallery B. 
Happiness is not a matter of luck or 
chance. Happiness is a 
consequence of your behavior. 
Learn specific techniques to 
promote self-esteem and 
happiness'. This is a "hands on· 
session. Sponsored by SOLO. For 
more info call 534-0501. (2/25-311) 

learn Bartending 

Yoh ScienUftc' needs: 
-Chemists 

·Biochemists 
oMicrobiologists 

oMolecular Biologists 
oResearch Associates 

oLabTechniciansi Assistants 
-Chemical Engineers 
Fax (619)6ll-9CM8 

PhoIIe (619)622.908S 

2).!I! 

Thunday, February 75, 1~ 

~ e,.,eriellce. 
Can COLLEGE DIRECTORY 
PUBLISHING: 1-80().486.2221 ext 
233.www.~.oom(21 
16-4126) 
Paid Marketing Intern Position 
Available for motivated students 
well connected In the campus 
community. 1 ~20 hrs.Jwk. Bonuses 
available. Cd Chris at the Princeton 
Review: 6191558-0500. (2116-25) 

III I I' \\ \'\ /I j) 
Customer Service in La Jolla area 

LOVE 
BABIES? 
• Newborn Portrait Reps, 

weekend postion 

• Photo experience not 
required 

• Experience baDdIi .. 
newbornslmust be 18 

Call toll free by 03lO1J99 
ror all the detaUsIEOE 

1-877-621-3686 xl041 
First Foto 

Caucasian Research subjects 
reimbursed for interview. If you are 
a UCSD student, 21-25, call 552-
8585 x4185 for more information. 
(1 /25-2125) SPRING BREAK Rosarito Beach 

Mexico, Festival Plaza, Rosarito 
Beach Hotel & more. From $67. 1-
888-PICANTI 

Trac Minh Vu, director and c0-
producer. Kerry Seed, assistant 
director and co-producer. Thursday, 
February 25th. Noon in Robinson 
AuditOrium, IRIPS. Reception will 
follow in 103 SSB. "Letters to Thien· 
is a 55-minute documentary bearing 
witness to the life and death of 
Thien Mihn Ly, a Vietnamese hate 
crime victim. The documentary 
examines in intimate detail how 
Thien'sdeath, and more importantly 
his life, still deeply affaGt his family 
and community. Sponsored by the 
Center for the Study of Race and 
Ethnicily, Departments of Ethnic 
Studies and Communication. AS, 
Cross Cultural Center, and 
Thurgood Marshall Provost Office. 
(2125) 

EXCEPTIONAL SU .... ER SALES- Eam fast cash by sirJ1)1y 
BE FLEXIBLE ... Europe $448 rlt 
plus taxes. TRAVEL ANYTIME IN 
1999! HAWAII 119 o/w CHEAP 

SemagUp 

BARGAINS 
ia Today'. Guarcliaa! 

Comp City S1. Germain'S 
Free Phone ................ p.8 $4.99 slx-pk .............. p.18 
Society Billiard Cafe Council Travel 
Free Pool ................... p.10 Pari. $509 ................. p.7 
Fins Elias Salon 
2 Fish Combo $3.49 ... p.10 $5 off halrcut .............. p.5 
Karaoke Night Copy Club 
Round Table Wed. 7-9 ... p.3 69¢ Color Cople .......... p.16 

Rock Bottom 0 Hungry's 
$,2.25 Pima ................. p.15 Dinners $4.95 ............. p.18 

Packa Handlers 

SWAKER (Scan, Weigh. Key) 
If you're fast on l~key, we've got an 
opportunity for you! Responsibilities will 
include inputting bar code information 
along with loading and unloading 
packages. 

PACKAGE HANDURS 
IlOAOIIS/UNlOAOIISI 
You'll start at $8.00-S8.50/hr. plus 
$l .00thr. for eligible tuition after 30 days. 
And you'll earn another S.50/hr. raise 
after 90 days. Shifts are available from 
early morning to late night, and you won't 
work weekends. 

Apply in person Mon.-Fri., 9am-3pm at: 

THAT'S 
lMOST 

TOO 
• GOOD 

TO IE 
PAIT-

TIME. 

RPS,lnc ~ 
9999 Olson Drive, Suite 100 .,..... 
Sen DIego, CA 92121 All FDX CowI~,., 

aoalAA 

EMPLOYMENT 
$1500 weekly potential mailing our 
circulars. No Experience Required. 
Free information packet. Call 
(202)452-5940. (1/19-3129) 
Work Abroad! Student work 
opportunities around the world. Eam 
money while you travel 

OP PORTUN ITY-Camp 
Wayne,NE PA. Counselor 
Specialists for all LandlWater 
Sports. Outdoor Adventure; Mtn 
Biking, Rocketry, A & C, Drama, 
Radio, Video. Campus interviews 
Thurs., April 15th. Call 1-888·549· 
2963 or e-mail 
wa nebo Caol.com. (211-314) 
MALE. FEMALE MODELS. Our 
models have worked for Esquire 
Magazine, Skechers, Levi's, Estee 
Lauder, Coca Cola. Most ages OK! 
Beginner's OK! Great pay! Call-
Otto 1 (800)959·9301 . (218-5/27) 
Childcare (in-home), Carmel Valley/ 
Del Mar area, two children ages 9 & 
11 . Afternoons/early evenings 
beginning at 2:30pm, Mon-Fri. 
Approximately 25 hourslweek. Must 
have car and valid driver'S license. 
$6·8/hour. Call 543-5232. 
SaleslMarketing Intemships-Eam 
3-6 K Working on your Campus 
Telephone Directory Excellent 

referring us cellular phone 
customers . Contact Alan 
immediately. (619) 622-1900. (21 
18-314) 
FUN SUM .. ER JOBS. Gain 
valuebleexpertence working with 
childr.n outdoor.. We are 
looking for c.rlng Summer Day 
C.mp staff who .. summer home 
Is In or near the San Fernando or 
ConeJo Valleys, Malibu, or SImi 
Valley. General Coun .. lor •• 
Speclali.t.. Salarle. range 
$2,100-$3,200+. Can 818-865-
6263 or go to 
www.workatcamp.com (2122-31 
11) 
$1000'. WEEKLYII Stuff 
envelopes~ home for S2.00each 
plu. bonu .... Work FIT or PIT. 
Make $800+ weekly, guarameedl 
FrH .upplle.. No experience 
nec8lNry. For detail., send one 
stamp to: N-34 12021 WlI.hlre 
Blvd. Suite 552, Los Angeles, CA. 
eG025 (2122-25) 

costa Vade Shoppire CaUr • 8650 GcnaetE Iwc., Stc. 200 
(619) 457-9500 

EARN $200 OR MORE per w8ek. 
pert time, IhowIng other students 
how they can BECOME 
MILLIONAIRES by the time they 
graduate. This is for reail CALL 
RON SHONK at 800-236--6045. (21 
22-314) 
Tutor 12 year old. 15-20 hours! 
week, exchange forstudio (1citchenI 
bath) plus cash. Car required, La 
Jolla. 488-2662. (2122·25) 

Job interview 
UCSD Guardian 

Display Classifieds 

GREAT JOBS· Flexible hours. PTI 
FT Motivated person- Sports 
knowledge helpful· Great Pay. 
619.573.2307· 21 yrs old. (2/25-
38) 
SUMMER MANAGEMENT 
POSITIONS now hiring high-
achieving students for a managerial 
position, which through training, 
support. effort & integrity results in 
personal & professional growth. 
Avg . earnings $9,200. 
www.varsitystudent.com. 1·888-
295-9675. (2/25-3fl9) 

ROOMMATES 
Female nonsmoker to share 4 
bedroom townhouse in UTC. Own 
room. $320 + 1/4 utilities. Available 
311 . 558-9269. (2111-25) 
Female Preferred to share 3 
bedroom 2 bathroom apartment in 
Solana Beach. $420 month 1/3 
utilities. Available 2128. 481-2874. 
(2116-25) 
Female to share master bedroom! 
bath in La Jolla Colony. PooVspa, 
close to shopping centerl bus. $340, 
available 3/27. 625·0255. (2118-31 
11) 
Rommate Wanted: Share large 
master bedroom with aUached . 
bathroom for $320 plus one-third 
utilities. Near shopping, walking 
distance to school. Ethernet 
connection. Call 587-8875. (2118· 
318) 

FOR RENT 
Large Linda Vista home W. ocean! 
bayviewl $350, plusutUities. Cable, 
phone, washer/dryer. 984-7475/ 
274-4617. (2116·25) 
Large house on Diamond Street in 
Pacific Beach. $450, plus utilities, 
includes Cable, phone, washer/ 
dryer. 984·74751274-4617. (2116· 

25) 
One n18Iter room for rent acrOI8 
from UTC. Can be rIfIIed .. aslngle 
for $470 or .. a doWIe for $325 per 
person. There is a large connecting 
bathroom/shower and 2 large 
cIoeets. Very new and spacious. 
Available end of Maret ... 452-7879. 
(2122·31=-1:;.1.) _____ _ 
Studio (kltchenlbath) in exchange 
fortutoring 12yearold, 15-20hoursI 
week, plus cash. Car required. La 
Jolla. 488-2662. (2122·25) 
Apartment master bedroom: fits 1 
or2 people, available Spring Break. 
Quiet, close to UCSD, UTC. Rent 
negotiable depending on one or 
two people taklngihe room. UtilIties 
cheap, water free. ca. BiU at 457· 
3850 or leave message. (2122·314) 
La Jolla Village Tennis 2 master 
suites wlbalconles + denl3rd BR, 
2.5BA, dbl gar, nr pool, spa, sauna, 
tennis, $1800. 619-450-1432. (21 
25-318) 
3 BR townhousa near UCSD, UTC 
available September, washer/dryer, 
pool. $12001month. Call Nina 792· 
6453. (2125-318) 

FOR SALE 

Ut 10 of cIutW ... piWII It off 
on IOIII8body .... 1 

GUARDIAN el.e""" 
~ .... 

1995 Honda Civic LX. 4 doors, auto 
trans. red. Air condo new tires. 60K 
miles. Asking: $9995.00 Call 622-
2977 (day) or 459-7559 (evening). 
(2116-25) 
1993 Kawasaki Ex500, Great 
Condition, Custom paint, hunter 
green, full fairing, 12K miles, very 
nice. 52,000. Karan 452·8962. (21 
22·25) 

• DIIcount'1'nnMl PICb 
• TmeI Books,,,, 
• AI your Eurall Suppllesl 
• Loeb, cable Loeb, 

Sleep Sheet, PICk Towel 
Teva Sport SendaIa 
RalnGeerud 
an Acces.orIes 

w. .... 1n P8 juIt up the 
IIIIIt fnIm CcIIIICiI TtMi 

111655 Gamel 
483-1421 

OPEN 7 DAYS A W!EK 
M-F 

The UCSD Guudilll 

VV ANT E D 
Asian 

Ell Donor 
Neededl 

Lovine infertile couple is hopine 
to find a kind woman to help us 
have a baby. We're hopine 
to find someone intelli&ent with a 
Chinese, Japanese. or Korean 
bacIqround. Artistic and athletic 
talent appreciated. 
(800) 886-9373 ext 7225 

t'0PD9II 
Compensation $6,500 

plus expenses 
Thank you (or your consideration 

r (,C OGrJORS 
-wr.EA~ 
In coupItIlMla that are longing III 
'-a fIrftIv. They need yow ipeCIeI 

HELP. 
"you ... '-'Illy and ~ 

1 t-3O rra old. 
CompenaatIon Is heartily gIwn lor 
your time and ellort-aOOO pIu8 

"10 tor treveI......-. 
Pleaaecall 

CREIIIIIE CDaPJIIL m 
J-a8-If11-€ ... 

Caucasian Research subjects 
reimbursed for interview. If you are 
a UCSD student, 21·25, call 552-
8585 x4185 for more information. 
(1111-613) 
Volunteers paid $30.00 for 
interview. If you are entirely of 
Japanese or Korean descent, age 
21-25, call 552-8585 x 2182. (1/7-
6/3) 
Jewish Research subjects 
reimbursed for interview. If you are 
a UCSD student, 21-25, call 552-
8585 x4185 for more information. 
(1/11-613) 
Give the miracle of life- Becoming 
an egg donor. Females between 21 
& 31, call (619) 673-0885. 

(Compensation for time, 
inconvenience) (2116-613) 
Egg Donors needed. Healthy, 
intelHgem, attractive responsible 
women (ages 18-30 yrs) to assist 
chikless couples. Compensation 
$3,000. Call 800-711·2442. (2125· 
318) 

SERVICES 

PERSONAL INlIY 
FORMER LA & SO 

DEPUTY DISTRICT ATTORNEY 

JOHN L PHlWPS 

• Auto 
Accidents 

• Dog Bite 
• Head 
Injuries 

I 
Free Consultation 

. No RecovcrylNo Fee 

619.794.17. 
1125 Camino Del Mar, Stt:. 0, 

DelMar 

Horseback riding lessons for 
students/staff. $ 1 OIhr. Westem or 
English . Imperial Beach area. 
Show horses, no nags! Call 
(619)523-0474. (1114·2/25) 
Romance 101 : Write for free info. 
Romance 101, 502 Scholar Ct. 
Edgewood, MD 21040. (2/25) 
Herpe. and Cold Sores: 
Emotional support and accurate 
medical information. Call San 
Diego City HELP at (619) 491· 
1194 for recorded info. (2/25) 
COUNSELlNG- ·supportive". 
Individual sessions, Energy 
Medicine , Women & Mixed 
Groups March 14 and 17. 
Affordable, sliding scale. Joanne 
483-7623. (2125-311) 

INTRODUCING A NEW-

EATING DISORDER 
Day Treatment Program 

This unique, comprehensive program 
offers a· multidisciplinary team 

that includes a psychologist, physician, 
psychiatrist, dietician, activity therapist, 

movement and art therapist, marriage 
and family therapist, certified fitness 

trainer and a yoga specialist. 

For information, enrollment and seminar schedule, 
contact Program Founder Dr. Divya Kakaiya 

f1'.~ 4510 Executive Drive, #102 
~ San Diego, CA 92121 ~i! ~~,~;~:::?321 

Robert A. Rees D.D.S. Cosmetic and Family Dentistry 
Soft and Gentle Dentistry • "We cater to the timid" 
All phases of Treatment Available: Cleanings/Exams, Non-Mercury Fillings, Crowns, 
Root Canals, Extractions, and Cosmetic Dentistry. We provide bleaching, too! 
Student Discounts Available. Insurance is Accepted . 

7761 Herschel Ave. In Downtown La Jolla 
(619) "5"-6181 Mon-Thurs 7am-2pm 

Check us out at: www.RobertReesDDS.com 

CLASSIFIEDS 17 

LOST & FOUND 
LOST: Gold Bracelet. In Rimae 
Racquet Sports Area· week of Jan. 
21. Greek design. Please call 552· 
0609. (218-25) 
FOUND: Gold Bracelet. In Rimac 
parking lot in December. Yin Yang 
design. Call to Claim: 552-0609. (21 
8·25) 
FOUND: Retainer. In women's 
restroom on Revelle campus. Call 
534·3311 to claim. (2116·25) 

PERSONALS 
Robin-finally, youandme ... noholds 
barred... sumo wrestling at the 
RIMAC AII-Nighter . . . see you 
ringside at 5am. Don't even think of 
forfeiting!- Usa. (2125) 
TK-You, me, Racquetball ct.4 at 
the All Nighter ... 4am? I'll be there, 
what do you say? BY (2125) 
This goes out to the whole damn 
schooi. I'm the greatest Madden 
player that ever lived. See you at 
RIMAC, BK (2125) 
Discuss among yourselves ; 
Rodman. (2/25) 
Birthday watch: This Saturday (the 
27th), a happy one to Guardian 
Features editor Jess Sheppmann. 
Java and scones are on her! (2/25) 
TravisOthe soccer fields, hey ... 
Shake a leg ... NOT. Good Luck 
with the operation. 

To the swim team on the rafting trip. 
Did you get held under at the pool? 
!:Iaven1 heard from you. 

SPRING 
BREAK 
VERY 

ECONOMICO! 
- Garden rooms from $69 

plus tax, dbl. occ., $40 per 
additional person (4 per 
room maximum) Sunday-
Thursday. Weekends from 
$119 

o Welcome Margarita 

• Complete European 
Health Spa also available 

o Swimming Pools and 
Jacuzzi 

- Free Spring Break music, 
beach & pool competitions 
& recreational activities 

- Just 45 minutes from 
downtown San Diego 
Limited Offer & AvaiLability. 

Valid March 12 - April 4, 1999 

For reservations call 
(619) 498-8230 or toll free : 
1-800-343-8582 

Ask for 
Spring Break Special 

e-mail: reserv@telnor.net 
www.rosarito .. tl. com 

11f*-.'(. &.....a.~ 1 \ HOTEL' SPA 



-', 

18 SPORTS 

Co~plete S~9S Dinner 
Dlutr: for only Ii IIQ R.s, Flltt .f Sirl.I., $pI ... ttl, Crepll, h 
H., StNk. ."1 ."1, ... tIl CIIluN, 114 h 
C .... AsHe, I.cldts: SHP ., 5.114. 
PlEASE MENTION AD. Valid thru 12/99. ,... 1/2 ,_4 ,. 

OLD TOWN, 2546 SAN DIEGO AVE. • 298-0133 
Take 5 south to Old Town Avenue, lell on Son Diego Avenue 

I I 

-"rt S,,"', 
-""". 
-",M" 

. '"' III""" ., .,,, IN I,,,,,ltl"'''''' 
. '"r II •• "", """""" " .,,,, .• ,..,,,,' 
. ,.,,,,,1 e""," ... ,,,,,,, .. , •• " ••• ,'rIf. 

. ,,...,, •. " ... ", .e .. ",,., 

• I; " .... " I '". i 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, February 25, 1999 

Tritons Are Safe at Home 
WIN: UCSD beats Claremont College 8-3 with four early runs 
By BrIan Welles 
Staff Writer 

You could call it an immediate 
resurgem;e. 

The UCSD baseball team came 
out in the first inning of Tuesday's 
game at home against Claremont 
College with an excellent display 
of hitting. The Tritons scored four 
runs, and cruised to an 8-3 victory. 

After two consecutive losses 
and taking questionable swings in 
their matchup against Chapman 
last weekend, the Tritons quickly 
eradicated any doubt that they 
can't bring "it" to their opponents 
- "it" in this case referring to two 
singles to start the bottom of the 
first inning by Matt Merrifield and 
Kenny Fluharty respectively. This 
was followed by a huge RBI triple 
by Ryan Hill who then proceeded 
to steal home. Hill also had a sacri-
fice fly-out later in the eighth 
to give him three RBI's in 
the game. Pitcher/out-
fielder Brian Terrell 
contributed also in the 
first inning with an 
RBI .single that Eric 
Thorpe scored on. 

Claremont managed to eke 
out an unearned run in the third and 
UCSD came back in the same 
inning with two more scores when 
Thorpe singled to center and Steve 
Pelletier tripled to right center, dri-
ving in Thorpe. Terrell, who went 2 
for 2 with 2 RBI's in the game, 
came up with his second RBI sin-
gle to score Pelletier. Merrifield, 
Hill and Thorpe each extended 
Iheir hitting slreah to four games a 
piece on Tuesday. 

In thc bollom of the fifth. 
Terrell drew a walk to reach base 
again and the Triton offense 

Julius Chai/ au.aian 
CLOSI: A Triton baserunner slides in safe at home plate against 
Claremont College. UCSD won 8-3 to raise their record to &5. 
showed some more slugging when 
freshman Chad Addison hit an RBI 
double to left center. Addison. who 

normally comes off the bench 
as a back-up infielder. has 

not started in a game 
thus far this season. 
On Tuesday however, 
Coach Dan O'Brien 

moved Steve Pelletier to 
starting catcher and 

Addison replaced him as desig-
nated hiller. The young player out 
of La Costa, California, went a 
solid I for 2 with an RBI in his 
debut as a starter. 

Freshman John Beaven was the 
starting pitcher for UCSD and 
threw an outstanding five and two-
thirds of an inning while giving up 
two runs (one unearned) on only 3 
hits and striking out 3. 

"His velocity is the best it's 
been since he walked on campus," 
Assistant Coach Brian Priebe said. 

Beaven has also developed a 
third pitch - a slider - to go 

along with his fastball and change-
up. In Tuesday's game, he mixed. 
those pitches effecti vely to keep 
Claremont batters off balance. 
Junior Edward Ishak entered the 
game to replace Beaven in the sixth 
after the freshman lost some con-
trol when he walked two and hit a 
batter. Despite this one shaky 
inning, Beaven pitched well in his 
outing to receive a win and 
improve his record to 3-1. Eric 
Thorpe once again came on strong 
in the ninth to close the game out 
and give UCSD the 8-3 victory and 
improving its record to 6-5. 

''The win gives us a lot of 
momentum." right-fielder Todd 
Sherwin said. 

Coach Priebe said that this 
weekend was "pivotal" and the 
Tritons are very capable of beating 
CSU-Hayward this weekend. 

"It's a matter of having the right 
energy," Priebe said. "Hopefully 
this will be the weekend to gel as a 
team." 

Choose A GREAT Futurell The Requirements: 
.----------------1 . 3.45 GPA for non-engineers 

Business 
The Program: 
.I 3-year management training pro-

gram as a clyman with the US 
Navy in 6 career fields 
• Engineering 
• Logistics 
• Contracting 
• Computers/Communication 
• Business/Cost Estimating 
• Manufacturing/Quality Assurance 

.I Jobs are located throughout the 
US 

300 Jobs 

Engineering 

• 2.95 GPA for engineers 
• US Citizenship 

Liberal Aft 

The Benefits: 
... Full tuition for graduate degree 
... Fast-track career development 

program 
• Low cost life insurance 
• Retirement plan with employer 

matched funds and tax deferred 
savings 

• 23-days vacation 

To apply or for information call - Code UCSD.0302: 717.605.3980 t--------' 
www.navyintern.cms.navy.mil 

Email: navyintern@fmso.navy.mil 

Visit Our Booth During The Job Fair 

Thursday. February 25. 1999 The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 19 

," "$ 
, \ 

.. 
RevClllc i~ &he beat medieiae. 

CoUecting themselves quite nicIdy, tile 
members of lho men', napy teem 
aveopd a humililti", loa to BYU by 
cruahiD8 UNLVon Saturday, 41-24. 

UCSD ItIrtcd SUOftB· 
apinst UNLV with a try 
two"MIIeS into the first 
balf in the comer by 
witlFf Counncy Oeiglc 
set up from fullMck 
Darren 'Wolfman' Garb 
and lock forward 
Anthony 'PT' Amorio. 
1'IIiI play put UCSD up 

~. A quiek penalty raP 
for the socond try of the game by 'Hup' 
Gill pushed UCSD into a I(}.point IcaII. 

UCSD's defealC caused UNLV to 
crack under pressure and make many 
errors in the game. 

Rookie outside center John Meissner 
teamed up with Garb to complete the third 
try of tbe game. capitalizing on a UNLV 
penalty. The conversion made by flybalf 
Giac Conslglieri left the opposing team 17 
poinlS behind. 

Play after play, tbe UCSD squad con-
tinued to hold onto the ball. Well into the 
fint half, center Luke 'China' Annsttons 
scored tbe tbird try of the game. 
CompIcIi", the conversion. UCSD was 
now up 24-0. Meiuner then added his tint 
try of the season, leaving UCSD 29 points 
ahead of UNLV. 

Even thoush UNLV couldn't get the 
ball IICRlA the line in the fint half, it put 
up a fisht IS it wu going down in the sec-
ond. 

After a halftime rest, UNLV came out 
determined to get the ball acrou the line. 
Atier a turnover from the second·half 
kickoff, UNLV pusIted forwud, using a 
pick·up and drive paUem. The UNLV 
team managed to cover the remaining 30 
meters and make its first try of the day. 
Adding the conversion, UNLV lessened 
the gap, 29-7. Elated with its lirst few 
points, UNLV next stole a UCSD scrum 
deep in the home team's end, and pushed 
the squad back for UNLV's second try, 
bringing tbe score up to 29-12. 

For the next 20 minutes, neither team 
produced any points. This stretch was bro-
ken by Garb, with another try from back-
line. The seventh and fmal UCSD try of 
the game came a few minutes later. The 
squad took a serum near the midfield mark 
and UCSD's Bobby 'Icc' Camn picbd 
up from the back of the serum. After rim· 
ni", the baD 20 meters and then handi.,. it 
off to winger Courtney Geigle, beating 
one defender and returning ~ pass. 
Carrara ~ the final 10 meters for 
the try. In tbe process. he locked up 'man-
of-the-match' honors. With the conver-
sion. the ICOte read 41-12 . 

UnwiHins to submit to the ruth1esa 
poundinlof the team without one lut 
gasp, UNLV manapd two IIICn tries in 
the Jut few m~ -na the pmc. 41-
24. • 

"I tbiRk we IIIowed .... of imprcwo-
... tioID .Iaat · week's eIfon." tJCSD 
Held CoIcb Shan I If Itvwo aid. '"We 
IIIowed UNLV to.,.. ... paiIiIa .... 

we ....... lie .. ~utilLneed to put 
topdIerl ftIlI80 ....... of wen looking 
bwII4" 

.. 

,-........... 

.The UCSD - San 
~ s&. University 
(SDSU) rivalry is rooted 
ill .... When tbcte two 
.... have met in the 
pill. iI ... always been 
• ~ billie, and 
Wood tau oftea been 
... LIlt Tblltlday, 
Iaowever. when SDSU 
came to RlMAC field to 

take 01 a IUdied UCSD, the OIly thing 
Ihed ." SDSU was tearI. 

UeSD'had SOSU cryi", into its 
Iaa'ouo sbotts by hIIftime Jut Thursday, 
and evenCllllly IOOIc. tho paIC, 22-S. 

The La Jolla equad wu simply too IOUgh 
and too ~Pft!I*I'd for SOSU. From the 
very besiMiDs, UCSD led a dominant 
atra&t. IIId befcre SDSU knew it, UCSD 
had.aed 7 pIi OIl die oo.rd. 

UCSO was led by team captain Frank 
Lemas. who had more than his share of 
goala. Lema produocd 7 goeII total, mak-
iRa bim the top-lIOOm' of the day. 

....... was not alone on the scoring 
fronl, however. Freshman JUIjcn Westra. 
senior Demetria Cbapin-Rieftzo and 
fresbmlll Pete Middleton · each recorded 
early goals llainat SDSU. 

UCSO'. superior cIefenae also aided in 
the win. Led by senior Mike Bouch and 
sophomoIa Joe Mello and Jason Arimura, 
the boys from La Jolla fronted I seamless 
defense, allowing SDSU to IICOIe I stingy 
2 pia before dtc fouttl quarter. 

From there, the.Tritons brought in a 
fresh squad. who picked up where the vet-
erans left off. Freshman Damon LaCasella 
and sophomores An Hong and James 
McElroy each scored their first career 
goals, sealing the -.yin. 

One thing's for sure: The UCSD Ice 
Hockey team Iaiows how to put the biscuit 
in the basket. The team dominated SJSU 
in its game lut weekend. 12-0. 

The entire game was. filled with 
incredible playing from all the members 
of the team. especially from starting ~en­
ter Christopher Davis, who stood Out with 
5 goals. His line, including Oaten Gervey 
and Noby ltalc.ura, had 7 goals overall and 
played bird on every shift. 

Most of the sc:orins happened in the 
lhiId cpIIdet, wilen UCSD rally turned it 
on. Andreas Lanon scored 2 goals while 
Lucu Liu, . CniI Blow and Lawrence 
Chaa all bid .. apiece. 

UCSD's detente was also a formidable 
force, aIlowiAI San Joae OIly 3 shots. 

ReaeM JOIIbeper Jessica Barr filled 
in ~, RICOIdiDa her first Ibutout. 

CoqaIa Reid IIIaIriaa said tbIt this 
was ""'bill .. we played all Year. all 
of .............. ., bi& time, and." 

. wboIe .... came· ....... .. 
..-............ 

0eI1Icrris fred. 
Don\ the L.ers wish they (cUd get George Cd 

BucketS Bucks it '99. 

lli\'11'lllll~111' ~~ 

BOOI BLACKIS 
SOCCER UNKINGS(ihrough Mon., Feb, 22) 
Rtc:ord I GoII. For·A IIin.t) 
MEN'S AAA 
1 Ftying Eagles (4·0, 16-1) 
2 Lawnmowers (4-0, 21-4) 
3 Cyclone FC (3-0, 8-2) 
4 Turdburglars (3-1,12-4) 
5 Brazil (3·1, 17-3) 
MEN'S AA 
t La Selecion (5-0, 11-1) 
2 Knights (4-0, 8-0) 
3 Club Zero (3-0, 5-1) 
4 Long Balls (3-0-1 , 13-3) 
5 Ouzo Power (3-101 , 25·8) 
MEN'S A 
1 Big Bad Grads (4·0, tl-4) 
2 Persepolis (3·0·1,21·5) 
3 Smack(3·0·1 , 12·4) 
4 Liquor Box (2-0·1 , 7·2) 
5 Annihilators (2·1 , 7-3) 
WOMENAA 
1 Cheetahs (2·1. 8·1) 
2 Strikers (2-1, H) 
3 Goooooooaaaaal! (2-1, 6-1) 
3 Great Balls of Fire (2·1, 3·4) 
4 Mystery Machine (1-2, 3·9) 
COEOAA 
1 Cult Jam (4-0, 14·5) 
2 Liquor Box (3-0, 13·1) 
3 Rockets (2-0, 19-1) 
4 UCG's (3-1,11·3) 
5 3pm Booty Call (3·1 , 9-6) 
COEOA 
1 No Comparison (4·0, 2G-2) 
2 Rup, Rup, Bow Wow (3-0, 16-2) 
3 Norwegian Blue (4-0, 21·1) 
4 Chevy (4-0, 22-2) 
5 NSU (3-0. 6·3) 

1M Golf Tour 

Comments 

Babatunde's Boys still doing it with mirrors 
Mowin' 'em down with blades of steel 
In drydock last week, have big one against Sigma Chi 
Nasty professionals continue to fight back 
New club in these heights, trying to earn respect 

Gave up first goal, but still unscathed .. ,await playoffs 
Moved up a bunch ... but we're still not sure about these 
Winning ... but not with pizzaz .. . doubleheader this weekend 
Scoreless tie last Mon. didn't impress anyone 
Tremendous goal scorers, but still got blanked by No. 1 

On top for now ... play for league title Monday at 6pm 
Back on the beam ... these lellas love to put it in the net 
Got tied up last time out. .. but play No. 2 for the title Sa/. 
Master manipulators continue to work the system ~ 
Upsel 'Shakes Mon. night in 2-Zip shocker 

Pulled a no show, but still the best 
Pulled a no show and still second best 
Itching to play ... could be factor in playoff chase 
Ready to play and won a nice against Mystery Machine 
Improving since getting bombed in opener 

Will skate through Suarez and take top seed in playoffs 
Probably the best. .. but need to show it at crunch time 
Doubleheader results this week will make or break 'em 
Bite into a tough Jalapeno on Sat. 
Played No. 2 to the witt, but came up empty 

Breezing through OK league ... will be tough to beat 
No muzzle big enough for these hounds 
Beating up babies should be against the law 
Cleaning everyone's ctock in their league .... one to go 
Feasting on weaklings .. . get Chevys Sun. at 2pm 

WINTER SCRAMBLE TOURNAMENT 
RECORD SHAnERED 

We've seen some great scores on the PGA Tour thiS year including a 59 by David 
Duval at The Bob Hope, but shooting a 59 in an intramural tournament??? We almost 
had one in last Friday's 1M Golf Tour winter quarter even!. 

1M Golf Tour veterans Leigh Hsu, Isaac Veinbergs, Blake Alban and Gary Mezsaros 
. stood on the 18" tee needing a birdie to card 59. Unfortunately they carded one of only 

2 pars on the back nine to establish a new tournament mark of 60 (31 on the front , 29 on the back). 
Disbelief describes how the field felt when news of the score spread. 

When asked about missing a chance at birdie on the 18~ (a 200 yd par 3) Mezsaros commented, "It 
would have been nice to get the 59, but 60 ain't bad. We just made every putt and never had to struggle for 
anything. It was great!' 

'We've been playing in these events lor a few years now and we won once before, but this win and 
setting the record was really fun,' Hsu added. "Hey, I'm getting married this summer and I know my game 
will go in the toilet after that so it was good to win while I'm still on my game." 

Chris Wood killed his drive 283 yards in the long drive contest to outdistance two others by less than 5 
yards. Chris Haye hit his 2-iron 15 feet over the pin on 18 to win the cIosest·to·the-pin contes!. 

Next quarter the 1M Golf Tour takes on a new format. On April 23, the first ever cooperative golf 
toumament will take place between UCSD, USD and SDSU. The San Diego Collegiate Classic will feature 
a scramble format with taams from each university competing for top honors, Get in touch with the 1M Dept 
for more Information. 

1M ALL-STAR 
BASKETBALL NIGHT 

7 PM 
8 PM 
9 PM 
9: 15 PM 

Women's and 5'1 on and under All STARS 
Coed and Men's A ALL STARS 
Three-Point Contest 
Men's AA and AAA All STARS 

TONITE at RIMAC ARENA 

• 

-

-



I 
'\ t 
I' 

20 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian Thursday, February 25, 1999 

.. ,/11.,.., ... ... 
two ....... • .. 

"",." ....... .... 
• n 4 ,.,.. l1li /IIfIt 
,." •. ...,. ., .. 
. ,.".,..,.. .. 

-laker GM Jerry West 
on the flung 01 Head Coach 

Del HarriS 
PORTS 

The 
Coach 
Travis Hill 

Some Tales from 
Black Sunday 

It IIdl 0<: lor<:\<:r ren1<.:m-
oen:u as "Blac~ Sunday." 

LI\I SumJa} morning. every-
Ihll1g \\as line. We had a full 1M 
\ott<:r \qu,lu. our 1M oa\I-<:loall 
ll!all1 lIa\ deep. and our 1M 
Iwt l-c) Il!;] m \\,1\ wry lOugh. 

AI Ihe <:nd 01 Ih<: da} . IH)II -
<:\<:1". li e ulun'l c\cn 11<l\e 
<: n!lugh 10 11 <: ld a lull oa,l-cloall 
or ,otcer Ica ll1 .... 

Surprr'lIlgl) . II uldn'l reall) 
hun Ihal oau. I mean. when II lirsl 
happeneu. I hcard Ihe "POP" and 
I wa, ,uddl!nl} in a 101 of pain. 
BUI wllhll1 a lew seconds. Ihc 
palll \ubsided and we pUI ice on 
II. AI Ihe IImc. I was hopmg Ihal 
II \\',L, jU! .. 1 a oad sprain. To be 
honesl. I knew I wa~n ' l going 10 
ahk 10 pia) Ihe resl of our soeta 
game. or In Ihe cocd game aI 3. 
bUI I was Ihinking I wculd be line 
mlllllC for hockey al 7. However. 
aller somc expen advice. I lound 
OUI Ihal Ihere W(luld be no more 
games for a long. long. long timc. 

Ye'> kid, . II was Ibe mother 
of al l alhlelH': injurie, : The 
Coach lore hi, ACL. Along wlIh 
anOlhcr onc 01 my room males .. , 
in I he same damn game! And 
anmher friend lIenl dm\ n wilh a 
knee Injury In our hockey game. 

Can} ou oelie"e il I Three of 
us In om! day' Two ACL-, In Ihe 
SAME GAME ! 

For Iho ... e 01 )OU \\ho aren ' t 
"hlp 10 rn ) JIVC lalk ." ACL 1\ Ihe 
acronym lor Ih<: anlerior crUCI -
ale Ilgamenl. Along wllh Ihe 
palella Icndon. Ihe ACL is Ihe 
mosl lI11pOrlanl li gament in your 
knee. II oasically holds Ihe thing 
logether. Opinions vary. hUI Ihe 
usual recovery lime (including a 
, trenuous ph ysical Iherapy 
schedule) is 6 10 12 monlhs. 

In the ,pons world. if you lear 
your ACL, you' re out for Ihe ,ca-
son. no queslions a,ked. So in 
cssence. I gel to livc Ihe nighlmare 
01 every profcs,ional athlete. 

OK. '>0 Ihal\ Ihe oad new,. 
Yes. II lI ould be very ea'>y 10 
mopc and comphlln aooul Ihi,>. 
and oeileve me. I am one hell of 
a moper. { Edi/or " 0/1': Tlri.\ 
flol/II ("(/11110/ hI' o\·er.l" l£I/ed.j 
Ne\erlheb,. Ihe lI10re I Ihlllk 
about il . Ihe lI10re I Ihlllk Ihi~ 
whole ACL Ihlll)! mlghl oe a 
hle"lIlg In lll "gui,e. FiN 01 all. 
I hil\ C only IWO op"on,. cllher 
11 <: 111 Ill } oed or lie on Ihe 
couch. GOIng In cia,., I, way. 
Wil y IOn \lrc,,1 ul on my knee. 

YC\lC rda}. I gO! up ,lIld 
'" alc hed ... m:cer. Ihen I walched 

Veg,l~ Vacallon (a \ery under-
raled mo\ Ie. O} Ihc wa} ). then I 
"' ,lI ched Sp0rl\Cenler. Ihcn I 
walched college hoop .... then I 
walched Ihc Laker, game, Ihen I 
wiltched SpolI\Cenle r agmn. 
Wow, what an amallng day. Thc 
only prohlem I had was Ihat I 

See COWMN, Page 15 

Slide: A Triton player slides into second in a play that epitomized UCSD's hustle in both games. 

Pure Hus e The Tritons play hard-nosed softball full of heart and hustle that soon will pay of( 
By Kevin Byrne 
Staff Wnter 

There are IWO aspects in soft hall 
Ihal mailer Ihl! mOSI 10 players, 
coaches and fans. The first is Ihe 
,core; going for Ihe wi n IS 
Imporlanl. Equally impor-
tanl. however, is Ihe 

(USD), lowering Iheir record 10 3-
5. BUI Ihey didn't go down easy. 
The Icam extended every ounce of 
effort thcy had. 

In Ihe lirsl game, sophomore 
Allison Jacobs was off 10 a 

amounl of huslle and 
hcarl Ihe players put 4'UW"ALL 

great stan, ,triking oUI a 
bailer in Ihe firsl 
inning. However. Ihc 

I lead-off bailer for USD 
got a double and laler 

scored on a suicide 
InlO Ihe game. 
Although they came OUI 
of Ihe gales slowly Ihis sea-
,on. loe Trilons still have toe 
hean and desire to win. plus the 
huslle 10 oack il up. 

Lasl Tuesday nighl , Ihe Tritons 
dropped IWO hearthreaking games 
In a doubleheader againsl 
Division I Uni versi ty of San Diego 

squeeze. 
Right before the USD bailer 

ripped the double, however, there 
was a controversial call. After 
bunting the ball, the batter started 
running toward first and was 
lhrown ou\. The play was ruled 
dead howeve r because the 

umpire claimed the ball hit her 
oefore she left the batter's box, 
thus it was a foul ball. She Ihen 
wen l on to double and start the 
USD rally. 

UCSD Head Coach Patti 
Gerckens questioned the call , but to 
no avai l. 

"We should have had the first 
out , bUI umps don't win or lose the 
game, we make our own breaks," 
Gerckens said. "We just have to hit 
more and score runs before the 
fifth [inning). We' re always play-
ing catch-up." 

The Tritons would trail for the 
remainder of the game as the 
Toreros mounted a two-out rally 
that added another run, making the 
seore 2-0. They added another run 

in the next inning and tacked on 
one more in the sixth, making the 
score 4-0. 

Although the Tritons dragged 
offensively, they put forth an out-
standing defensive effort against 
some top hillers. Allison Jacobs 
held the Toreros to 4 runs on 7 hits 
in her complete game. In the top of 
the fourth. a USD runner was pre-
vented from scoring as she got 
{;aught in a rundown with short 
stop Brin Bridges and was tagged 
out by catcher Sara Snyder at the 
plate. In a classic home-plate colli-
sion. Snyder held on to the ball and 
prevented the run from scoring. It 
was an amazing play and epito-
mized the Triton's hard work and 

See SOFTBALL, Page 15 

Loss Seemingly Ends UCSD Dream Season 
~USTANGS: Final game is a heartbreaking one-point loss to The Masters College 101-100 
By Jake Gordon season. UCSD had a long way 10 
Sports Editor go to reach the top. 

I! wa~ a\ il Ihe wholc ~eason In Ihe second half, the Tritons 
wa~ compressed into one final half hustled and played wilh heart and 
01 a ba~kcloa ll game. All Ihc trials made Iheir trade mark Ihree-poinl-
and Irioulalion, Ihal the UCSD ers, jU,1 like they have done all 
Illcn\ ha.,kelhall leam had season in compiling an 
cndured Ihi ~ year came ama/.ing 20-4 record. 
\()gc lhcr and They played 
played Ihem- •••• A.KET.ALLI ahove their 
... elves OUI. II Ihe a b iii I i c s 
sca,on wa., ,criplcd, Ihen 
11m wa, Ihe !inal acl. 

In Ihc la>! regular ~cason game 
01 Ihe year, Ihe Tnlon, losl 10 The 
Ma\lcr's College. 100-10 I. de!>pilc 
overcoming a 17-pOint delidl at 
halftime. 

Just like Ihe beginning of Ihis 

agai nst loe Mustangs in 
Ihe sccond half, out in Ihe 

end, the Triton~ eamc up ,horl. 
UCSD wa~ up oy one with 50 

seconds left, hut couldn 't seem to 
stop the Mustangs. The squad gave 
up 5 straight points and were down 
hy 4. Howevcr, senior Tyler Garratt 

~ FEB. 20TH IN BROSS GYMNASIUM 
",.,,,,,,, ..."",,,.,, 

"""" 101 ........ 0. ..... 
UC ...... 

61 «J 
44 56 100 

Mike Wall: 23 points, 3 rebounds 
Tyler Garratt: 20 points, 8 rebounds 
Adam Ubby: 12 ~ S ~ 6 aMts 

hil a three-pointer at the buzzet to 
cut the final deficit to I. 

One of the reasons UCSD 
couldn 't stop the Mustangs at the 
end was the play of the Master 's 
man in thc middle, Joclin Ju~mist. 
Julmist was an amazing foree off 
the glass, gathering in a remarkable 

29 rebounds, only 9 less that 
UCSD's entire team collected. 

"iJulmistl was a monster," 
Assistant Coach Dave Dillon said. 
"He definitely should not be play-
ing at this level. He looked like a 
pro wrestler and just pushed our 

See MALL, Page 15 


