
Elsewhere 
Radcliffe to ...... 
wItIIlWY.-d U. 
CAMBRIDGE, Mass. -
After nearly a year of closed-
door negotiations, Radcliffe 
College and Harvard 
University officials announced 
on Tuesday that the two 
schools will merge, ending 
Radcliffe's 120-year existence 
as an independent undergradu-
ate single-sex institution.-As a 
result of the merger, Radcliffe 
will become the Radcliffe 
Institute for Advanced Study, 
a non-degree-granting "tub" of 
Harvard University that will 
have the same status as the 
university's law school and 
divinity school. The Institute 
will maintain "a commitment 
to the study of women, gender 
and society." 

- Harvard Crimson 

Students Evacuated 
toR.mov ..... 
CHARLOTIE, N.C. -
Twenty-four students were 
evacuated from a University 
of North Carolina, Charlotte 
residence hall on Monday 
morning in an effort to rid the 
buildillg of an estimated 
40,000 bees living within the 
walls of the building. The 
bees' hive lays between the 
building'S outer brick wall 
and inner cinder block wall. 
One local newspaper reported 
that it is believed that the hon-
eycomb stretches the entire 
height of the three-story 
building. A pe£: elimination 
company sprayed insecticide 
into the holes where the bees 
entered the walls and then 
placed screening over them to 
prevent the bees from re-
entering the building. 
University officials said they 
did not want to kill the bees, 
but believed that there was no 
way to get them out alive 
without destroying the wall. 

- The University Ttmes 

Law Faculty Settle 
HaIr l.eICth ..... 
LINCOLN, Neb. -
University of Nepraska 
College of Law faculty voted 
down a motion on Tuesday 
that would have forced the 
college to withdraw from 
programs that discriminate 
against students. The motion 
was a response to County 
Attorney Gary Lacey's deci-
sion to bar third-year student 
Thayne Glenn from a prose-
cutorial clinic because of the 
length of his hair. If the fac-
ulty had passed the motion, 
the college would have 
affirmed that it upholds the 
university's non-discrimina-
tion policy. 

- Daily Nebraskan 

Spoken ••• 
"It is ultimately the 
chancellor s decision. 
What he has to do is 
balance student reaction 
with the need for 
families to make plans. " 

- Jim IMIIIer 
Vice Chancellor of External Affairs 

See story at right 

'

Internet: _.ucsd.edu/lusrdi8IJ 
E-mail: IUsrdianflucsd.edu 

Films of the Decade To Pass? Sundt Open ~ 
The Guardian takes a retrospective glance Will extending the This weekends surf a en 
at the American summer blockbusters that grading option deadline contest at Blacks is D:: 
have influenced our lives in the J 990s have negative results? loaded with pro surfers ::::» 

Hiatus, page 9 Opinion, page 4 Sports, page 20 Z .... 

I H E U C 5 D 

UC SAN DIEGO THURSDAY, APRIL 22,1999 VOLUME 97, ISSUE 8 

PAYING TRIBUTE 

Usa Huff/ Guardian 
• ....... 0. : Marshall sophomore Wendy Marshall gives change to a customer at the Food Co-op in the Student Center, over a 
candle lit in memory of the 15 people murdered in Colorado on April 20. They were shot by two students who later committed suicide. 

A.S. Approves Resolution 
caMONY: Council says students are "outraged" over cancellation and 
calls for Dynes to reinstate this year's aU-campus commencement 
By VIncent GntcnenI 
Senior Staff Writer 

The A.S. Council unanimously passed a reso-
lution last night calling on the administration to 
reinstate this year's all-campus commencement. 
Chancellor Robert Dynes canceled the ceremony 
three weeks ago due to difficulties in securing a 
speaker. 

The A.S. resolution states that students are 
outraged over the cancellation of the all-campus 
commencement and that students lP"C entitled to 
have the ceremony. It 'further states that the 
administration should continye its search for a 
suitable commencement speaker. 

Vice Chancellor of External Affairs Jim 
Langley said that it is up to Dynes to decide 
whether or not to reinstate the all-campus com-
mencement, and that he will advise Dynes in 
making that decision. 

"That would be the chancellor's decision 
based on a number of factors," Langley said. 
"My job is to advise him of all the factors at 
work." 

Langley said that because Dynes is OUt of 
town, any discussion ofthe matter will most like-
ly occur early next week. 

Langley said that despite the overwhelming 
student response, he does not know if the chan-
cellor will decide to reinstate the ceremony. 

"It is ultimately the chanceiior's decision," 
Langley said. "What he has to do is balance stu-
dent reaction with the need for families to make 
plans. It is possible we could spend another 
month looking for a speaker and not even find 
one. Then student and parent reaction would be 
even stronger." 

A.S. President Joe Leventhal said that 
although he had some concerns with the resolu-
tion, he felt that it was appropriate. 

"It expresses the sentiment of many students," 
Leventhal said. "My concern is with how many 
studoots would attend the ceremony if we didn't 
have a high profi le speaker." 

Leventhal said that he hopes the chancellor 
decides to continue the search for a commence-
ment speaker. 

Leventhal said that reinstating the all-campus 
commencement this year would cause some con-
nicts with the coiiege commencements. 

"It's realistic but it's problematic," Leventhal 
said. "If it's reinstated it causes significant logis-

See A.." p~.a . 

Nader Talks 
About Oaks 
Project 
VISIT: Consumer and citizen 
advocate came to UCSD to tell 
audience about civic service 
By Kendra Welnllch 
Guardian Reporter 

Ralph Nader, a consumer and citizen 
advocate, visited UCSD this Sunday to 
speak about the California Oaks Project -
an undertaking aimed at heightening civic 
skills through the training of citizens in the 
art of politics. Nader, who is known for 
'sparking the safety revolution in the U.S. 
auto industry, gave an overview of the meth-
ods and goals of the project. 

Nader said that volunteers - also caiied 
"oaks" - will dedicate 10 hours a month to 
the organization. Two of these hours are 
dedicated to learning skills such as drafting 
opinion articles that are thorough, convinc-
ing and print-worthy. 

Nader also said that oaks will attend 
• •. , .See ~~, Page 8 



2 NEWS 

UCSD EVENTS 
11Iursda 
Price Center Movie Series: 'The Thin Red Line ' 

Watch th is award-winning war movie at 7 p.m. and 10 p.m. in Price 
Center Theater. Admission for slUdents is $2. For more information, call 
534-3362. 

Friday 
Sports: Women s Water Polo 

Cheer on the Tritons as they compete in the Western Qualifications 
Tournament all day at Canyoriview Pool. The tournament continues 
through April 25. For more information, call 534-4211. 

Party: Concert for Coastal Education 
Dance to the music of four difrerent bands beginning at 7 p.m. in 

Porter's Pub. Admis io"n for student is $7. For more information, call 581 -
185 1. 

Saturday 
Music: Keller Quartet Chamber Music 

Relax with the classical music of Bach, Ligeti and Beethoven at 8 p.m. 
in Mandevi lle Auditorium. Admission for tudents is $ 10. For more infor-
mation, call 534-4090. 

SUncla 
Games: Darkstar Weekly Meeting 

Participate in card games, board games and role playing at I p.m. at the 
Pub Stage. For more information, call 534-7491. 

Dance: Momix 
Enjoy this inventive company of dance-illusionists at 8 p.m. in 

Mandevi lle Auditorium. Admission for students is $15. For more infor-
mation, call 534-4090. 

Roma Nights: Dave Schilling 
Enjoy Schilling's entertainment at 8 p.m. in Espresso Roma. For more 

information, call 503-0863. 

GUARDIAN 
WALT DlCKtNSON 

Editor in Chief 
JUUA KUUA-MADER • MEGAN SMITH 

Managing Editors 
TABITHA GRANSHAW • LAURA KNI8HTEN 

Copy Editors 
LEENA SHANKAR. ERtKA SNIDER 

News Editors 
JESSICA SCHEPPMANN 

Features Editor 
MARC COMER 
Opinion Editor 

WAROHAN 
Associate Opinion Editor 

JAKE GORDON. JOHN MAYNARO 
Sports Editors 
TAAVlSHIU 

Associate Sports Editor 

UNDIAY SWORS'" 
Hiatus Editor 

DAVlD..LEE 
Associtlte Hiatus Editor 

UIAHUFF 
Photo Editor 
JUUUI CHOI 

Associate Photo &litor 
JOHNUAeIII 
Graphics Editor 

NICK RUNCO 
lNsign Editor 

IRtAN WIMER 
Web Editor 

EDIT_AL ASIISTlUITS Jesse Fishet. Vincent Graenani. Nilou Mostofi. Scott _ __ WMTDII 

John Barber. Jeff Barl<er. B,II Burger. ~ Cox. Theodore Dokko. Vincent G,.."... Mary 
Higgins. Laura Knigtll8f1. Dave Lubitz. Annam Manthlram. Nilou Mostafi. Jenny Nicholson. 

Simone Santini, Mar1t Smith. Tommy \\I . Scott Yager 
I_~ 

lema Barclay. Shaman CasUe. Brent Don. Bertrand Fan. Kari Friedman. _ GorreItJon. 
lemller Grady. Jeremy Gray. Sula Km. NO; MyrICk. CIlristine Pancan. Jacob ScIled1Ie<. E ... Seru\y 1UUIl1IAT_ 
Mike Belie. Knstine Chao&. Ausun HSla. Ahee Un. Joe Pan. Josephine RobertS. Nichotn Runco 

0III0fIIRS Karen Tran. Thomas Wen« 
COPY R£ADERS Alison Nofris. Kevtn Byrne 

WDI _ Sam Payne-T,,,,,,,". Marl< Stlckel 
C~ ~ David Ghcksman 

ANN IAREFIELD 
Business Manager 

MIKE MARTINEZ BROCK HALTER 
Advertising Art Director Advertising Manager 

YVETTE ALCALA 
Assistant Business Manager 

ADVERTISING ASIIIllIIfT MelOdy Gonzalo. 
CllICUlAl10II AllllTANTI 

Jason Allen. Ph,lIlp Goldman. Jake Indoch. Jacob Meyberg. Brady PhelPS. Nllte Smith 
ADVERTlStNG D£SIGN .. LAYOt/T John Sarber. Casey Suitenhuys. Katie Keenan. Sky Frollenson 

The UCSD GU8rd'8t1 's PUblished Mondays and ThurSdays during the academiC year by and for 
the students of ueso. ReprOduction of this newspaper in any form. whether In whole or In 
part. Without perml$StOrl IS Slnctly prOhlbtted. C 1999. aU nghts reserved. The UCSO Guardian 
Is not responsible for the return of lWIS~IClted manuscflpts or art. The VIeWS exa:wessed herein 
dO not neeessanly represent the oponlon. of The UCSD Guard,lJ(I. the Unoversoty 01 Calrtornla or 
the Associated StuUents. The UCSD Guard'8t1ls ~d solely by _Using. 
Pat Ru: Turn In your apphcation for editor In chief by Fnday. 

News/Features: 534·5226. General Editorial : 534-6581 
Opmion/ Sports: 534·6582. Hiatus: 534-6583 
Advertising Office: 534-3466. Fax: 534-7691 

e-mail: guardia~sd.edu 
Guardian Onhne: hlfp:/ / www.ucsd.edu/guardlan/ 

UCSD Guardian, 9&00 Gilman Drive 0316, 
La Jolla, CA 9209~316 

Actual location: Second Floor. UCSO Student Cen\er Bul1<ling ',,'. Rm . 217 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, April 22, 1999 

ETCETERA ••• 
Of Q feaTHeR BYJOHNBQRBeR 

----. 

BRIEFLY ... 

Mexican Ambassador to Speu 
Rosario Green, Mexico's secretary of foreIgn rela-

tions, will speak tonight at 7 p.m. in the Copley 
International Center in the Institute of the AmerIcaS 
Complex. Green's speech will last for 40 minutes and 
will be followed by a 2O-minute question and answer 
period. 

Green is a senator of the Republic on leave and the 
former National President of the Fundacion Colosio, 
A.C. - an organization linked to the Institutional 
Revolutionary Party (PRI). She has also worked with 
the United Nations and the World Bank. 

Green has published more than 10 books (many of 
which have been translated into English) and more 
than 100 articles 'on foreign poliCy in Mexico and Latin 
America. She has also been a professor at the 
National Autonomous University of Mexico, EI Co\egio 
de Mexico, the Iberoamericana University and other 
universities in Mexico. 

Green's speech is sponsored by UCSD's Center for 
U.S.·Mexican Studies, Graduate School of 
International Relations and PacifIC Studies and OffICe 
of Latin American Studies. For more information call 
534-2777 or 534-4503. 

ltar Trek ltar Avery Brooks to 
II ... In UCID Opera 

Avery Brooks, who plays Captain Benjamin Sisko 
on "Star T~k: Deep Space Nine; will sing a starring 
role in an unstaged version of the opera "Tania" on 
Friday at 8 p.m. in the Mandeville AuditOrium. 

"Tania, " a work by UCSD professor and composer 
Anthony Davis, chronicles the 1974 kidnapping of 
PatriCia Hearst by the Symbionese Uberation Army 
(SLA). Brooks co-stars as SLA leader Cinque with 
soprano Cynthia Aaronson-Oavis in the title role of 
Tania/Patty. 

Brooks has also worked on films such as 
"American History X" and "The Big Hit: He is a veter-
an of theater and currently serves as artistic director 
of the National Black Arts Festival and is a professor 
of theater at Rutgers University's Mason Gross School 
of the Arts. 

ERRATA ••• 

Law Profeuor to DIscu .. 
........... 

Dr. Philip Johnson, a professor of law at UC 
Bef1<eley, wlll address the topic, "Can Darwinism 
Survive the 21st Century?" Thursday night at 7:30 
p.m. in the PrIce Center Ballroom. 

Johnson will also speak at the wtr; Not Here? 
Coffee Shop at 2 p.m. on Thursday in a special forum 
for graduate students only. 

Johnson is the author of Darwin on Trial and 
Defeating Darwinism by Opening Minds. 

Johnson's speech is sponsored by UCSD 
Intervarsity Christian Fellowship and Campus Crusade 
for Christ. For more information, call' 534-0361. 

Birch AquarIum Holds Chll .... '. 
CI_ .Thl. Saturday 

Children ages three and four are invited to the 
Birch Aquarium at Scripps this Saturday from 9:30 to 
11 a.m. for a program entitled, "Take a Closer Look: 
Shells, Snails, and More: 

The program uses real research tools and the pow-
ers of observation to enable children to practice the 
scientifIC method and discover the beauty and natural 
history of shells and the animals that call them home. 
The program also includes a tour of the aquarium. 

The fee for the class is $13, which includes the free 
admission of an adult chaperon. Space is limited. Call 
534-7336 for more information or for reservations. 

c ... ServIce. Offers MBA 
Information Session 

The Career Services Center is offering a session 
entitled "MBA: Preparing for and Applying to Business 
School " on Friday at 2:30 p.m. Students interested in 
obtaining a master's degcee in business administra-
tion can learn about academic preparation, work expe-
rience, choosing schools and the application process 
for business schools. 

For more information, call 534-4939. 

• In the Briefly column ("Career Services Center to Hold Its Spring Job Fair," April 12) the 
Guardian incorrectly identified the web site URL. The address is, hrtp:llwww-csc.ucsd.edulcsc!sjfhtm 
The Guardian regrets the error. 
• In ~he opi ni~n story ("A Nation Tom Apart.:' April 19) the Guardian incorrectly credited the accom-
panymg graphiC. The artist was Alice Lin. The Guardian regrets the-error. 

Thursday, April 22, 1999 The UCSD Guardian 

Israeli Journalist Speaks to UCSD 
MIDDLE EAST: Goodman, vice chainnan of The Jerusalem Post and editorial 
director of the JerusaLem Report, spoke of problems in Palestine region and Israel 
By Uly Korman "Th •• yst.m I..... ing toward democracy and c\amp-
Staff Writer ing down on terrori sm, unlike 

Hirsch Goodman - vice chair- to mayh.m - 33 other non-democratic Arab coun-
man of Tire Jerusalem Post and polRlcal partl •• are tries. 
editorial director of the Jerusalem r.glst.red. Th.r. " Palestine was occupied by 
Report - gave an assessment of Israel for three decades. [Palestine] 
current problems in the Middle are five .peopl. learned a lot from Israel," 
East on Sunday night in Center running for prim. Goodman said. 
Hall. His talk, titled ''The Middle Goodman said he sees Israel's 
East in May," addressed the possi- minister .•• to win electoral system as problematic. 
bility of a Palestinian state and th.y need 51 "The system leads -to mayhem 
Israeli general elections. - 33 political parties are regis-

Goodman founded the percent of the tered," Goodman said. "There are 
JerllSalem Report in 1990, co- vot ••• It I. unllk.ly five people runoing for prime 
authored The Future Battlefield that III t 51 minister ... to win they need 5 I 
and the A;ab·lsrael Conflict, and one w g. percent of the votes. It is unlikely 
has been a contributing edi tor to percent ••• " that one will get 5 I percent -
U.S. News and World Report. His HIrsch Goodman therefore, two weeks later, there 
speech at UCSD was spon ored by Vice Chairman of The Jerusalem is another election in which the 
America-Israel Public Affairs Post and Editorial Director of the top two candidates with the high-
Committee (AIPAC), San Diego Jerusalem Report est votes run against one anoth-
Israel Public Affairs Committee , er." 
(SANDIPAC), the Union Qf Jewish state on May 4, the deadline set by Goodman said that the second 
Students and Hillel of San Diego at the Oslo Accords. round of the elections is critical 
UCSD. " I am convinced Arafat will because the Arab community con-

UCSD sophomore and chairper- not declare a Palestinian state," stitutes 18 percent of the elec-
son of the event Lila Hollman said Goodman said. " Due to pressure torate and will thus determine 
that the talk was meant to prepare [from) Egypt, the [United States) whether or not an Arab party will 
the campus community for possible and I sraeli community, he will take office. 
changes in the Middle East. not commit a se lf-destructive Goodman said that the events 

"With the possible declaration action." that occur in Israel one week before 
of a Palestinian state and the Israeli Goodman said that the quality elections will determine the out-
General Elections, Israel will be in of life for Palestinians has come. 
all the headlines in May, and we improved since the end of Israeli " Israel votes out of fear, not 
want students to understand the occupation. hope," Goodman said. ''There is 
issues," Hollman ~aid. . ''There's life, well-dressed peo- very little logic to the way Israel 

Goodman began by comment- pIe, some semblance of normalcy," vOles." 
ing on Palestinian Authority Goodman said. Goodman also presented solu-
Chairman Yasir Arafat 's threat to Goodman also said that tions to the dilemmas posed by 
unilaterally declare a Palestinian Palestinian authorities are mov- See CONFLICT, Page 8 

NEWS 3 

_ ern ern .. 

Iraffle School To Go~ 
ON THE INTERNET 

--- ... -

86% 
of UCSD students 

find sober 
• men sexier 

1998 Core Survey UCSD 

~tt,:II.r,hul.u .. ~ .• ~u/ ... ,I.helrl 
~tt,:11 mntl.U"~ .• ~u 

Spend less on the 
cost of one-upmanship. 

Russia rno China. 

Attention all you competition-obsessed Type 
A personalities: PowerBook® G3s are now 

priced to fly (see below). Whichever 
configuration you choose (233,266 or 300 

MHz), you'll enjoy staggering improvements 
in your work efficiency. So you can outperform 
your friends, relatives and colleagues. While 
thoroughly delighting in their collective envy. 

$1,799 
PowerBook G3 233MHz 

14.1" TFf (Active Matrix) Screen (4Mb Video RAM), 
32Mb RAM, 2Gb Hard Drive, 20X CD-ROM, 

56K Modem, 10Base-T Ethernet 

Authorized 
Vatue Added Resellcr 

UCSD Bookstore 
Computer Center 

(619) 534-4291 
C 1999 "I'p'r Comlmlcr. Illc. All ri.~hlS rNtn'td !twit. fhi A"plt logo rmd POflltrBoot """ ~;s'rrrd tmdntliJrb of """'t Comp"ttr. I"c 



4 OPINION 

EDITORIALS 
Editorial Board 

w.tt DIcId--. Editor in Chief 
Juli. Kull......." Managing Editor 

...,... ...... , Managing Editor 
11_ C-, Opinion Editor 
.............. , News Editor 
Uu,. KnI~, Copy Editor 

The UCSD Guard,,,, IS pubhshed twICe a week It the UnIYefSlty of California, San OIeao. COnlentS 
01999. VIeWS expressed herelt'l represent the m~nty vote of the edrtonlt board. and are not 

necessan~ those of the UC Board of Retents. the ASUCSO. nor the entire GUlfdllft staff. 

Clinton, Administration 
Must Prevent Siayings 

The nation watched with disbelief Tuesday, as two 
high school seniors declared war on their classmates at 
Columbine High School in Littleton, Colo. Eric Harris 
and Dylan Klebold seized the school at lunchtime with 
guns and explosives, killing at least 15 people, and 
wounding 23 others during the six-hour nightmare. 

These two young men, who died of self-inflicted 
gunshot wounds, were members of the "Trenchcoat 
Mafia," a group of outcast students. Members of the 
''Trenchcoat Mafia" wore long, black coats on a daily 
basis . According to students who witnessed the 
attack, Harris and Klebold targeted athletes and peo-
ple of color. By all accounts , they were merciless. 

"They were laughing after they shot. It was like 
they were having the time of their life," said student 
Nick Foss to the Associated Press. 

Some say that the attack may have been directly 
related to the fact that Tuesday was the I 10th 
anniversary of Adolf Hitler's birth. Harris and 
Klebold allegedly spoke German and were obsessed 
with German World War 11 paraphernalia. 

The Littleton tragedy was the seventh school 
shooting in the past two years and one of the most 
deadly ma s hootings in American history. 

Yesterday, President Clinton said he was "pro-
foundly saddened and shocked" by the shooting. He 
added that he did not believe that the incident was 
indicative of an "epidemic of school violence." 

When asked if he thought there are any concrete 
solutions to the problem of school violence, President 
Clinton 's response was woefully inadequate. 

"Well , I don't want to make a - there are, but what 
I would like to do i take a couple of days, because we 
don 't know what the facts are here," Clinton said. 

Mr. President, exactly what facts are missing? 
Fifteen people are dead, 23 people injured and the 
two young gunmen have committed suicide. Now' is 
the time for deci sive leadership, not cliched state-
ments about how "profoundly saddened" you are. 

A solution must be found to this unacceptable trend 
0f schoolyard shootings. Assault rifles should not be so 

acc~ssible that any outraged high schooler can get one. 
Stricter gun control laws are one step that could pre-

vent such atrocities. Ironically, this mass shooting 
occurred on the eve of a Colorado state legislation vote 
allowing people to carry concealed weapons. 
Moreover, school administrators should be'taught how 
to pay closer attention to students who are treated as 
outcasts or seem angry. These young men had made 
several allusions to committing this murder spree prior 
to Tuesday and apparently were feeling sl ighted by 
their classmates. Earlier intervention and mediation 
may have prevented this heinous occurrence. 

. School is a place to learn and socialize. Yet, in 
·seven separate instances, it has become a place of 
death. Something must be done before the schoolyard 
shooting count rises . 

Props and Flops 
Cypress Hill and Reel Big Fish are our Sun ~ 

God bands? Sure we'll go, bUl only if the beer 
gar~en lasts longer than it did al Winlerfe l. Then . 
agam, who needs beer al a Cypress Hill concert? 

Thank you to all of the students involved in 
the Holocaust Remembrance Week. All of the 
student lributes were wonderful, and we are 
grateful lo have a Holocaust survivor uch as 
David Faber come speak before u . 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, April 22, 1m 

'PINION 

EXTENDING GRADE . DEADLINE 
GAMBLES STUDENT ' INTEGRITY 

COMfIIENTARY: 
Manipulation of the 
PassiNo Pass grading ' 
option may be risky 
By Kevin Seld 
Contributing Opinion Writer 

Choosing between the letter grade 
and PassINo Pass grading option is a 
gamble. Sludenls can eilher risk lhe 
possibility of lowering their grade 
point average by opting for a leller 
grade or they can play it safe by 0pling 
for a PINP. 

The element of chance increases 
with the facl that a choice must be 
made by the end of the fourth week. At 
thal time, few sludenls have a clue 
abOUl their aClual progres in the 
courses lhey are taking. The choice in 
picking one grading 0Plion over 
another is based solely on speculalion 
and luck. 

The current fourth-week deadline 
is a fair deal. Il limits the opportuni-
ties for sludents to swilch grading 
0Plions, yel allows them to get a feel 
for the class and to know what is 
expected before finalizing lheir grad-
ing option. Sludents who choose to 
lake a leller grade, bUl feel lhat they 
might not do so well, could later opt 
for the PINP option inslead of drop-
ping the class. 

Also, lhose sludenls who selecllhe 
PINP option bUl later become confi-
dent with their progress in the class 
could still change lheir grading option 
to a leller grade. 

Naturally, there are many UCSD 
students who want the fourth-week 
grading option deadline to be extend-
ed. Sludenls believe that life would be 
easier wilh an eXlension. In this belief, 
some fail to realize that this change 
has cosls as well as benefits. 

The PINP 0Plion was designed lo 
encourage sludenl to lake classes lhat 
lhey mighl not otherwise enroll in 

this ...... Ing option 
pr.vents students 
from benefiting from 
grade. higher than a 
C-. Students who 
perform at an A or B 
grade l.v.1 would atlll 
only recelv. a P.u, 
thus all of their 
".xtra" hard work 
would be wasted. 
There Is no Incentive 
for student. to do 
better since a P_ I. 
stl.i a._dad 
r ..... dl ... of th. 
".xtra" work done. 
because they either lack the prepara-
tion and experience or they are con-
cerned aboultheir grade poinl average. 
To receive a Pass. students are only 
required to do work thal would other-
wise eam a C- or better. Sludents do 
not really need lO worry about trying 
to cam a good grade because PINP is 
ignored in grade point average calcu-
lations. 

The PINP grading option allows 

sludenls to sil back and enjoy a class 
rather than getting stressed out aboul 
grades, but it also encourages under-
achievement because students only 
need to complete C- work to pass the 
class. 

This grading option prevents stu-
dents from benefiting from grades 
higher than a C-. Students who per-
fonn al an A or B grade level would 
still only receive a Pass, thus all of 
their "extra" hard work would be wast-
ed. There is .no incentive for students 
to do better since a Pass is still award-
ed regardless of the "extra" work 
done. 

For easy classes a letter grade is 
probably the better choice, especially 
if studenls prefer to w~rk hard. 

For many sludents, fourth week is 
too early in the quarter to know exact-
ly how well they are doing in their 
classes. In many courses, the first 
midterm or assignment does not take 
place until fifth week or later. 

Olher classes in which students 
submit lheir first assignment or 
midterm during fourth week may not 
have them graded and returned unlil 
after the deadline. Even in classes 
where graded material has been 
returned, the work done during lhe 
first four weeks may only count 
toward a relatively small percentage of 
the final grade. 

By sixth week students have a bet-
ter idea of their performance, but it is 
too late to change their grade and sta~k 
the deck in their favor. Students who 
decide on the PINP option, but discov-
er that they are actually doing very 
well after the end of the fourth week 
are denied any chance of reaping the 
benefits of the high grades they would 
otherwise be earning. 

Flipping the coin, students who 
opt for a letter grade, but realize after 
the deadline that they are actually 
doing. poorly, jlre faced with the 

, See MADIa, Page 6 

Thursday, April 22, 1999 . TIle UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

INFOMERCIALS ARE AMERICANA AT ITS BEST 
Ltal!' Vuice 

CATHY 
RAZIL 

Lately, I've been aftlicted with 
a particularly bad case of insomnia 
and have been waking up earlier 
and earlier in the mornings. After 
watching a lot of lelevision in the 
wee hours, I've come.to the real-
ization lhal infomercials are com-
pletely underrated as a form of 
entertainment. Granted, severe 
sleep deprivation may playa part 
in my appreciation, but J hold fast 
to my belief lhal infomercials 
ought lO be considered one of 
America's greatest contributions lO 
the arts. 

I know what you are aying: 
"Oh come on, the acting blows. 
God. they are so fake," and so on. 
Some of you might even make a 
point of not walching them, even 
changing the channel if one comes 
on (the horror!). BUl if you consid-

hey you! 
editor in chief 
interviews are 

this 
monday 

april 
26th 

during the 
staff meeting 

at 4:30 

everyone on 
payroll should 

attend and 
vote. 

GUARDIAN 

er the sort of stuff that the televi -
sion networks actually pay oodles 
of money to develop and broad-
cast (lhis means: "LA Doctors," 
"It 's Like, You Know" and any-
thing on the USA network), 
infomercials begin lO look pretty 
highbrow in comparison. At least 
the acting is better than the aver-
age sitcom. 

Think about it. Infomercials 

ecslatic over The Clapper. Every 
informercial ever made is just so 
damn cheesy lhal they transcend 
their badness and become a part of 
Americana. Watching people 
ob ess about useles gadgels is as 
weird and somehow American as 
football fans meared with paint 
and wearing various strange 

while, especially when the perki-
ness is overdone. However, the 
audience usually makes up for any 
shortcomings with its exqui si tely 
faked enthusiasm. Whenever the 
camera pans the crowd for reaction 
to the miracle product, it's a hoot to 
see the maniacally happy expres-
sions and frozen smiles on every 

tonight?" 
"Gee, 1 dunno, honey. We went 

miniature golfing the other day, and 
there's nothing much on tclevision 
except 'LA Doclor ' . 1 guess we 
could ... " 

"Wait! Hold everything! There's 
an infomercial taping down at the 
mall tonight , and it 's g ing to fea-
ture the upcrduper Micro-
Cooker!" 

are the peak of American televi-
sion. the apex of the happy plas-
tic universe. It's our modem 
version of the '50s shows, 
where everyone was always happy 
and fulfilled and everything always 
worked out okay in the end. Real 
life is messy and depressing, bUl in 
the informercial universe, that 
rotisserie chicken roaster alway' 
works perfectly (and practically 
cleans itself). And if nothing else, 
the high goofiness factor makes 
them worth your while. 

-OPINION-
COLUMN 

face. It 's almost a. if the audi-
ence was lold beforehand that if 
they failed to act maniacally 
happy, armed killers would raid 
their homes. At least, lhat 's the 
only explanation I can come up 

"HOl damn! Get in the Pinto and 
let's go!" 

But in the end, all of these 
strange things are what make 
infomercials so endearing to me. 
The hosts are always upbeat, the 
products constantly miraculuus, 
and the audience forever amazed. 
In the infomercial world, life is 
easy and carefree, and unafraid of 
embracing the ridiculous. And best 
of all, infomercials always have a 
happy ending - the promise of a 
bettcr life for the low, low price uf 
jusl $19.95. Let the French craft the cynical, 

artistic cinema; we happy Yanks 
produce programs full of people 

objects on their heads - including 
hollowed-oul watermelons and 
Styrofoam wedges painted to look 
like cheddar. I like to lhink that as 
Americans we are confident 
enough in ourselves that we can act 
as ridiculous as we want, whether 
we're at a crowded sporting events 
or in an hour-long commercial. 

Of course, my love for the art 
form doesn't blind me to ilS faull ·. 
The relentless enthusiasm of the 
host or hosless can grale afler a 

with to explain lheir complete 
enlhrallmenl with the product. 

This brings me to another point : 
Where on earth do the infomercial 
audiences come from? Every pro-
gram I've ever een has a huge 
number of people, all of whom 
chose to be there, dutifully clap-
ping on cue for the miracle-prod-
uct-of-the-week . When making 
their weekend plans, do these peo-
ple say: 

"Well, whal are we going to do 
Send comments and Letter.f to 

the Editor to guardian@ucsd.edu 

.il -28,. 1.'199 
-3PM in -the 'flilz' 
IHG MUSIC BY: . • 

BIG TIME OPERATOR 
& Dancers from the UCSD BALLROOM DANCE TEAM 

FREE CAKE. PUNCH • 
MUGS • and MORE I 

eelebreUn. !15 V,.rs of ServIce 

ENTER THE RAFFLE AND WIN: 
• ROUND TRIP TICKET TO EUROPE 

ON VIRGIN AIRLINES 
cou ... _ 01 Council Trav.1 

• /II. RALEIGH C-30 BIKE FROM THE 
UCSD BIKE SHOP . 

• MOVIE PASSES 
• KARAOKE PIZZA PARTY 

<It ROUND TABLE PIZZA 
& MORE III 

Editor in Chief Interoiews Monday @ 4:30 p.m. Voting is Monday-Wednesday (all members on st~[r may vote) 



6 OPINION The UCSD Guardian 

GRADES: 
• 

Passport Color CoPes: 13/Ja a 1a x 11 Photos 6 1 
: ... ~~ $695 ~ictures 5e a1a x11 : 
1 All offers expire 5/3/99 1 

UCSD integrity and 
credibility is at stake 
ContInued frOlll ,..._ " 
prospect of having their grade 
point average decrease. Students 
must either take the loss or drop 
the course with a Won their tran-
script. 

I Attention Instructors: "We Do Course Packets" 1 
: ~~II:'V~~ ~u!e..: ~52 ::J~Ia..:'i~g!D.: !tli~:.9Ji!t"J 

For now. I'll snorkel 1200 miles of coral reef. Hike. Tasmani.n .... il. Or. maybe I'll han, 
in a Melbourne pub with some cruisy Auuies. Then apin, I could balloon over the Red 
Centre. Ausullia IS the land of the free; free to do wh1t~er I choose. Aussle Escape 

. Packages induding air. cOOlch pass and extril.S Start as low as $999: 
As for Europe. mil)'be I'll mellow some d.y. 

CALL (619) 270-1750 or www.statravel.com 

ST/j 
STA TRAVEL 
WE'VE BEEN 1HER£. 

• ~. 11K' 1., ~ ..... ' l fI'om \.AX to SpdMp. ...... OJ ~.llldl' ~., - s,cNt Swur I'KIt pIIIl ~ ,.11 from s,...., to 
Calm, YtW cbt" 4('''' . "lOin ~ ~ I\~....,. Till. MI' ,"dol.., Ilrb .... eft to dYwIr Wllhout fMttIU. 

.1"''''''nWlo.", .• C~''' CST "1011560-60 

Between weeks five and nine, 
the only option avai lable to stu-
dents who waf!t to protect thei r 
grade point average from falling is 
to take a W. This ups the ante. 

Once a course is dropped, it has 
to be taken again if a student 
wants to receive credit for the 
course. Without the PINP option to 
fa ll back on, students who drop 
even one general education 
requirement to save their grade 
point average could be delayed 
from graduating. 

The A.S. Counci l supports the 
extension of the grading option 
deadline because council members 
believe an extension would be ben-
efi cial to students and their grade 
point averages. 

Some faculty members feel that 
an extension to the grading option 
deadline wlJuld create l1nfavorable 
consequences fo r students. 
According to Revell e Provost 
Thomas Bond, the faculty 's prima-
ry objection to extending the dead-
line is that it wou ld weaken the 
integrity of UCSD's grading sys-
tem. 

Maintllining the credibility of 
the grading system at UCSD is a 
legi timate concern. Extending the 
grading option deadline would give 
students more opportunities to 
switch between the PINP and the 

Learn the 
Application 
Process A to Z. 

Former Assistant Dean of Admissions, 
U.C. San Diego School of Medicine 
Maria Lofftus, J.D. 
Kaplan Director of Academic Services, 
and Admissions Consultant 

~UCSD ~edneSday, April 28th 
- Center Hall 105 -

6:00pm 

Call 1-800-KAP-TEST to reserve a seat! 

UCSD 
Health 

Professions 
Program 1-800-IAP-TEST 

www.kaplan.com 

Extendln. the 
.... dl ... optlon 
d .... llne would .. v. 
stud.nts more 
opportunHI •• to 
switch between the 
p INP and the I.tt.r 
.... d. option •• 
Administrators 
argue that although . 
stud.nts might 
ben.flt from the 
.xt.n.lon, the 
overall .fflcl.ncy 
and .xc.lI.nc. that 
UCSD I. r.nowned 
for might cha .... for 
the worse. 
leiter grade options. Administrators 
argue that although students might 
benetit from the extension, the 
overall efficiency and excellence 
that UCSD is renowned for might 
change for the worse. 

Students could ultimately pay 
the price if academia and employ-
ers believe that UCSD student s 
use the PINP option to manipulate 
their grade point averages. The 
public in general might tart to 
think that UCSD students are not 
pulling forth much effort in their 
classes because the extension 
would provide numerous opportu-
nities for them to alter their grade 
poi nt average in their favor. 
UCSD's grade ' poi nt system 
would be viewed as inflated, and 
thu transcripts would become 

Thursday, April 22, 1999 

meaningless. 
If graduate schools and 

employers perceive UCSD tran-
scripts as meaningless, then they 
cannot evaluate the true perfor-
mance and effort of UCSD gradu-
ates based on their grades. Instead, 
they would start to value UCSD 
grade point averages and, in turn. 
UCSD students with less than they 
currently do. 

As a result, the demand for 
UCSD graduates would decrease 
and the high academic reputation 
of UCSD would fold, making it 
harder for UCSD graduates to gl!t 
into gra.duate programs or gai n 
employmenl. 

Of course, students' feelings 
and thoughts about their clas. es 
during the Friday of fourth week 
cannot accurately predict the cards 
they will be dealt in the future: 
however. the way the system is set 
up now, students must bet on what 
grading option they will benefit 
from the most before they're even 
halfway into the hand. 

If the UCSD admini stration 
extends the fourth week grading 
option deadline, the gambling 
aspect of choosing grades would 
diminish and we would get more 
opportunities to boost our grades. It 
may be counter-productive in the 
long term because of how our 
grade point average i~ perceived by 
other. Our grades could be viewed 
as inflated and worthless. 

This is something all UCSD stu -
dents must think aboul. Not only 
must we be concerned about get-
ting grades, but we must also be 
concerned about how those grades 
are perceived by others. 

Send comments and Letters to 
the Editor to guardian@ucsd.edu 

TWICE NIGHTLY 
4pm-6pm & lOpm-12midnight 

$225 PintS 
Discounted Appetizers 

Seven Days a Week 
Live Jazz and Blues 

Thursdays 8:00pm 
Saturdays 9:00pm 

Catch Major League Baseball on it Screens 
Skyy Vodka Night Mondays 5 to 7 pm 

Life's Better at The Bottom 
8980 Villa La Jolla Drive 

LA JOLLA r619J450-9211 

Thursday, April 22, 1999 The UCSD Guardian OPINION 7 

HEALTH CARE SOLUTIONS ARE AN INCENTIVE AWAY 
By Zurl Jerdon 
Iowa State Daily (Iowa State U.l 

AMES, Iowa - There i a 
problem in the state of California. 
Not that California has a shortage 
of those. Ironically enough, it 
would appear that in the land of 
beautiful people, breast augmenta-
tion and liposuction, there is a 
severe shortage of doctors. By 
"severe" I mean that there is one 
doctor for every 27,000 residents 
in Be!! Gardens, California. 

While not all parts of the state 
face this sort of glaring absence, 
numbers such as these are represen-
tative of much of the minority com-
munity in California. This sort of 
percentage is bleaker than Haiti 's. 

Plainly put, most of the inner city 
neighborhoods in California fall 
below the medical standards of many 
third world nations. For a country as 
rich and full of services as the United 
States is, this is unacceptable. 

The Los Angeles TImes ran a 
piece regarding the lack of quali-
fied medical personnel in inner 
cities and rural communi,ties in last 
Monday's edition. Explanation~ for 

TRAVELER'S DEPOT 
• Discount Travel Packs 
• Travel Books, Mapa 
• All your Eural1 Suppllesl 
• Locks, Cable Locks, 

Sleep Sheet, Pack Towel 
Teva Sport Sandals 
Rain Gear and 
all Acc ••• orIN 

We're In P8 just up \he 
street lrom Counc~ Trevel 

at 1655 Gamet 
483-1421 

OPEN 7 DAYS A WEEK 
M·Fl 

UCSD GUARDIAN 
MONDAYS Be 
THURSDAYS 

IS 
YOUR 

FUTURE 
WORTH 

$50,0007 
WE 

THIMKSO. 
The Army now 

offers college scholar-
. ships wO.rth up to 

$50,000 for qualifying 
applicants through 
the Montgomery GI 
Bill and the Army 
College Fund. 

It's worth 'a call to 
find out more. Call 
your local recruiter at: 

La Jolla 
619,488,2781 

ARMY. 
• ALL 10U CAM IL 

www.goarmy.com 

the phenomenon ranged from a 
lack of Willingness by doctors to 
work in such bleak neighborhoOOs 
to a disinterest in the sciences by 
minorities in school. 

According to the TImes, over the 
last four years, black and Latino 
enrollment in state medical schools 
in California has fallen by a third. 

The sad logic behind such a sta-
tistic is that both cultural divides 
and general apathy can only be 
overcome by employing minority 
doctors in minority communities. 

We are assuming only black 
doctors will work in black neigh-
borhoods, with a few Latino doc-
tors thrown in for good measure. 

The lack of minority enrollment 
in medical institutions must be con-
sidered a valid argument regarding 
the plight of inner city medical 
care. However, the question of con-
cern cannot be where the issue of 
quality care is allowed to die. 
Access is a not only a right of the 
ci tizenry, it is the responsibility of 
the qualified to provide. 

The burden of quality care can 
not be the exclusive responsibility 

w. are a .... mlng 
only black doctors 
will work In black 
nelghborhO:Ods, wHh 
a few latino doctors 
thrown In for .ood 
measur •• 
of minority physicians. Simple· 
numbers do not permit such pass-
ing of the buck. White doctors must 
be compelled to provide health care 
within inner city and minority 
neighborhoods. 

A call to action can only be 
fueled by a sense of justice and 

obligation, as there is no other tangi-
ble reason that a do(;tor would fee l 
compelled to offer such service. 

The financial compensation wi ll 
not force anyone to dodge gunfire 
and gang wars. Just for a moment, 
imagine a true lack of access to med-
ical care. Not the kind of problem 
some claim to have waiting around 
at Student Health for a while when 
they forget to make an appointment 
- a real lack of medical care. 

I realize the plight of inner city 
California is perhaps the farthest 
thing from anyone's mind with 
finals approaching and summer 
rushing upon us. But understand 
that such a cruel fai lure to meet 
basic needs, regardless of what part 
of the country it occurs in, should 
be a concem to us all. 

What would such an absence 
really be like? You' re sick, really 
sick. Pain, fever, night sweats, 
chills. And you keep getting worse. 

But don 't even bother calling a 
doctor or going to the hospital 
because it just won' t do any good. I 
find that entire possibility terrifying. 
By bringing attention to the need for 

THE 

more qualified doctors in both inner 
city and lural communities, I do not 
wish to assign any blame, or even 
call for an overhaul of the system. 

Such an issue can be addressed 
through both awarenes and con-
scious decision by all. It is i 11-
advised to argue about methods 
that will cost human li ves. I can 
only hope that such a lack of basic 
care will be tended to by the med-
ical community. 

These are lives we are dealing 
with, after all. Perhaps an incentive 
could be given to young, qualified 
doctors fresh from med school. A 
skittish professional might be unwill-
ing to risk his life in gangland territo-
ry disputes, but a lot of smart future 
doctors would jump at the chance to 
have their bills paid in advance. 

Once contractually obligated to 
work in a community, the doctor 
would have lillie choice but to work 
off his debt where needed. It is a sim-
ple enough plan, and no one ever lost 
betting on the willingness of college 
students to accept a student loan. 

Send comments aruJ Letter.l· t() 
the Editor to guardian@uc d.edu 

PRINCETON 
REVIEW 

Classes 
begin 
April 

, 6.' Total !lollrs including -t9 ('Iassroolll !lours 
, "on' than 17 full-Il'ngth pral,tirl' LSATs - -t arc prol'fon'd 
, 1,\1.I\1I1FI> F\tra IIl'1p \\ ith thl' instrllrtor olltsidl' of class 
, I:' stlldl'nt m;l\illllllll rlass Sill', grollpl'd hy ahility 
, Ihl' 1I10,t '"pl'rior tl'arhl'rs and matl'rials ;I\ailahk 

26&29 , 100' ~~, Sati,fal·tion (;uaranfl'l' 
619.55S.0500 . """. rC\'lc,, ' .CO III SOO.2.RE \' I E\V 



8 NEWS 

A.S.: Langley and 
Leventhal surpri ed by 
student reaction 
Continued from page 1 
tical problems for the colleges, but 
I don't think they are problem that 
can' t be overcome." 

Leventhal added that he and 
others have been surprised by the 
overwhel ming reacti(ln among ·tu-
dents who want an all -campus 
comm ' ncement. 

"r don't think memhers of the 
[commencement] committee would 
haw anticipated the negative 
respon e we have een in the last 
week and a half." Leventhal said. 
"Had we known, we would have 
advised the chancellor differently 

LECTURE: 
Nader said people must 
form social conscience 
ContInued from page 1 
lobbying visits to gain empirical 
knowledge about face- to-face per-
suasion. Every two years, each 
oak must supply 1000 signatures 
for the project's bills, as well as 
$500 a year from grassroots 
fundrai si ng. 

In return for this unpaid assis-
tance, Nader said that the project 
equips oaks with a degree of train-
ing unattainable even from educa-
tional institutions, such as his alma 
maters Princeton and Harvard 
Universities. He said that he hopes 
the project will build "a strong, 
deliberative democracy" through 
"civic training." 

on that issue." 
Lang ley sa id while student 

opinion at the beginning of the year 
wa split 00 the issue of an ali-cam-
pus commencement, he now 
believes that students are over-
wh Imingly in favor of having one. 

"I wa~ surprised at how quickly 
that changed," Langley said. "As 
far as I can tell , students now 
believe that an all -campus com-
mencement is important to the uni-
versi ty experience and th at has 
come across more strongly this 
week than ever befo~c." 

Marshall Senior Senator 
Terrance Patterson, who is also the 
vice president external-elect, said 
he is pleased with the resolution 
that was pas ed last night. 

"I fully support the resolution that 

ader also said that statistics 
show that cri me kills more people 
annually than street crime does. He 
said that the 27,000 homicides that 
result from street crime each year 
do not compare to the 65,000 
deaths from air pollution, 100,000 
from bad prescriptions and 400,000 
tobacco-related deaths that occur 
yearly. 

Nader said that the government 
gives more money to corporate 
welfare than to welfare for individ-
uals. He also said American corpo-
rations receive over 5200 billion 
yearly in corporate welfare through 
government subsidies, tax prefer-
ences and bai louts. He added that 
the average citizen does not under-
stand how to use the tools of 

. democracy to remedy this situa-
tion. 

Nader said the projected 1000 

.' 

The UCSD Guardian 

was passed tonight," Patterson said. 
" It is not a direct attack on the chan-
cellor in any way. It is letting him 
know how important the all-campus 
commencement is to students." 

Patterson also said that an all-
campus commencement is impor-
tant for graduati ng students. 

" I definitely feel that it should 
go on," Patterson said. "It i a cam-
pus uni fyi ng event that we definite-
ly need on thi campus." 

Patterson added that he hopes 
the chancellor wi ll accept the A.S . 
Council's recommendation to rein-
state this year's all-campus com-
mencement. 

" I really do hope that when the 
chancellor receives this resolution 
that he takes it seriously and puts 
all of his energy into it," Patterson 

oaks will be screened for the posi-
tions, and that the modest number 
is a reflection of the philosophy 
that a small but well-disciplined 
group is more effective than a large 
and undedicated one. 

Nader told the students in the 
audience that although they may 

b~ ensured a substantial sala~ 
after leaving UCSD, they will still 
have to deal with the loss of old-
growth forests, land and oceanic 
oxygen, He said a social con-
science must be formed and main-
tained - which is where the Oaks 
Project can help. 

"I think it is really important 
that Ralph Nader is able to join us 
at UCSD," said Liz Freirich, the 
campus coordinator for CaiPIRG. 
"The point of the Oaks Project is 
imperative in the way we organize 
... by any means necessary. We at 

said. "It 's a challenge to him." 
Leventhal submitted legislation 

last week to hold an A.S.- pon-
sored all -campu commencement. 
Leventhal recommended last night 
that the fi nanc ' committee post-
pone the legislat i n. Leventhal said 
he a ked the commi ttee to po. tpone 
the legislation so that the A.S. 
Council can work out logistical 
problems. 

A.S. Vice President Internal 
Kim McKoon said that he oppo e 
Leventhal's plan for an AS. 
Council -sponsored commence-
ment. 

"I don't think the A.S. [Council) 
should fund an all-campus com-
mencement," ~cKoon said. "We 
already pay fees to have one, why 
should we pay additional fees?" 

CalPIRG try to foster that." 
The oaks' current project is 

lobbying for Senate Bill 1220, 
aimed at reforming the initiative 
process. The bill would require 
that election-time advertisements 
clearly reveal who paid for them, 
which interest groups are 
involved, how much they are 
spending and whether the 
spokesperson is being paid for his 
or her testimonial. Nader said that 
he feels this will better serve vot-
ers' needs, 

Nader also said that while the 
work he encourages is difficult and 
often dispiriting, he strongly 
believes that victories outweigh 
any discouragement. 

Those interested in applying to 
become a member of the California 
Oaks Project can inquire by calling 
(310) 392-5304 . 

~onday,Janua~ 4, 1999 

CONFLICT: 
Goodman said Israeli 
government is flawed 
Continued from pap 3 
Israel's current sy tern of gov-
ernment. The Orthodox school 
system does not teach science or 
math, for example, and 
Goodman said that this must be 
remedied in order to better pre-
pare students for the future. 

"The Orthodox school can 
still have the Talmud but must 
also give the bas ic too ls to 
enable youth to be productive 
members of society," Goodman 
said. 

Goodman also said that 
Israel's mandatory national ser-
vice policy must be modified 
because it is responsible for 
rampant anti-Semilism in Israel. 
Instead, Goodman said that 
young adults should have a 
choice between joining the mil-

ita~, participating in ecological 
cleanups or volunteering in the 
hospital system. 

Goodman added that the cur-
rent governmental system is 
flawed in that it does not pre-
vent cultural wars. 

"The current system of 
blackmail promotes anti-
Semitism among secular 
Israelis," Goodman said. 

Goodman said that the 
Israeli-Palesiinian peace 
process will probably not meet 
with violence next month, and 
ultimately the Israeli elections 
have the potential to provide the 
basis for a stronger and more 
independent Israel 

-_# ----.----------

Standing on the doorstep to the new millennium, we reflect upon the challenges and the triumphs of the past centu~. Our Qation and our world have been altered by two World Wars, political assassinations, scientific breakthroughs, sex' and violence, and the exploration of a 
new frontier: outer space. Often times, our perceptions of reality 
have been shaped through the movies that we watch. Other times, 
films serve as a method of escapism from the harsh cruelties of life. 

The '90s have proved to be a worthy stepping stone to the second 
centu~ of film. As in previous decades, we have our fill of memo-
rable events and characters. The ' 70s brought us the Corleones, 
Luke, Han andLeia, Stallone's punishing fi sts and Travolta's nimble 
danci ng legs. The '80s produced a swashbuckling archeologist, 

~arty McFly, Doc, hoverboards and a lime machine, a fuzzy little 
alien with a calling card and the caped crusader. 

Now, as we all anxiously await "The Phantom Menace" (the only 
movie of the year, it seems), let us look back at what made us laugh, 
cry, scream and rejoice about in the '90s. We have seen everything 
from aliens to Nazis, tornadoes to volcanoes, deadly seri al killers to 
wacky serial killers and of course, the tip of the iceberg to the tip of 
movie hi s to~. We begin our quest by looking at one of the most 
prominent manifestations of the ' 90s: the summer blockbuster. 

Summer has' always e~ the most profitable time ror s u ios in 
terms of box office gold. With movie attendance increaSIng from 
decade 10 decade, '90s film distributors decided to capitalize by 
introducing a new form of entertainment: the non-stop thrill a minute 
action/suspense blockbuster. 

The requirements to create this blockbuster are simple. First, fea-
ture amazing, out-of-this-world special effects that represent the cut-
ting edge of the film indust~. Second, appeal to all audiences, espe-

cially the younger generation. Third, enlist the duties of a mega-
superstar (Ford, Cruise, Stallone) or raise the potential for new 
stars to be born . And finally, have enough of a script so that 
the film actually mak,!s sense and doesn' t get totally 

See MOVIE, Page 11 

• •• 

Egad, the 90s 
are almost overl 
Take a stroll 
through, , 
Hollywoods 
memory lane of 
blockbuster titles. 
See what worked 
and what didn 't. 

John Barber/Guardian 



10 HIA11JS The UCSD Guardian Thursday, April 22, 1999 

DANCING ACROSS THE BORDER· 
The Festival of Mexican Contemporary Dance gives a rare peek at south of tbe border art 
8y Hannah Griffith 
Guardian Reporter 

This past weekend, The Festival 
of Mexican Contemporary Dance 
presented a choice selection of 
dance companies originating south 
of the border. Unfortunately, rela-
tively few people seized this rare 
opportunity. 

Curated by UCSD professor and 
San Diego modem dance pioneer 
Jean Isaacs and local choreograph-
er George Willi s, the three-day fes-
ti val took place in SDSU's studio 
theater and featured a different 
company each night. Dancing of 
thi caliber should ltave forced 
such a mall theater to tum people 
away at the door. Yet wi th no 
advertising budget, Isaacs and 
Will is were forced to rely upon 
word of mouth, and at each perfor-
mance there were empty seats. The 
spectators that did attend, however, 
were greatly rewarded. 

Friday- night a company called 
Antares, from Mexico Ci ty, pre-
sented Dicecciones (Dissections). 
Three women and two men per-
fo rmed several pieces. UCS D 
dance student and math graduate 
student Sally Picciotto was very 
enthusiastic about the performance. 

" It wa phenomenal," Picciollo 
said. "They used the kiss as a 
choreograph ic element , with all 
gender combinations. There was 
one incredibly stunning duet 
between two men, and another 
between a man and a woman .... All 
the dancers used their voices a lot, 
not words but sounds. It was really 
beaU/iful. Everyone there was 
totally blown away, it was so 
intense." 

Saturday night the Utopia Danza-
Teatro of Mexico City presented 
Juana de Arco: Cartas desde la 
Memoria (Joan of Arc: Letters From 
Memory), an impassioned duet 

choreographed by Marco Antonio 
Silva, Vivian Cruz and Karen Angel. 

J\ngel portrayed Joan of Are, 
who as a teenager in fifteenth-cen-
tury France, rallied the French 
against the English invaders. 
Though she lived in a time when 
woman were not considered equal 
to men (medieval church theorists 
had actually debated whether or not 
women had souls), by standing by 
her convictions Joan managed to 
convince the French that they could 
win if she led them into battle. 

Cruz portrayed a character 
named Isabel, a woman of our cen-
tury who becomes obsessed with 
Joan of Arc, and who trie to form 
a link across the SOO years separat-
ing herself and Joan. 

The dance began with a dark-
ened stage, briefly lit by a single 
spotlight to alternately reveal Joan, 
wi th her sword, and Isabel. 
Although the dancers spent mo t of 
the dance without touching each 
other, they clearly establi hed the 
connection between them by imi-
lar (though not identical) move-
ment patterns and by tryi ng to 
reach to each across the darkened 
center area of the stage from thei r 
respective pools of light . 

The dramatic tone of the danc-
ing was ampli fied by several other 
elements. These included the 
presence of natural materials on 
tage (leaves and twi gs lined the 

front edge of the stage), the u e of 
props (swords, desks and, above 
all , the extremely creative use of 
two metal chairs), thoughtful 
lighting and, perhaps most impor-
tantly, spoken text and singing. 
From time to time the dancers 
spoke (in Spanish) or sang word-
less ly ; there were also voice-overs 
in Spanish and dialogue extracts 
from a French movie. UCSD 
fourth year theater major Jessica 

Brewer voiced over partial trans-
lations in English to ease compre-
hension for the American audi -
ence, a vital temporary addition to 
the original performance. 

Sunday night Alicia Sanchez y 
Compana, also from Mexico city, 
presented Retratos Hablados (Spo-
ken Portraits). This seemingly 
young company had very clean 
technique and a light, precise style 
of movement that was very enjoy-
able to watch. Two women and 
three men - an unusual ratio in 
dance - performed two solos, two 
duets and two trios. In spite of the 
title, there was not any spoken text 
during this performance, which was 
based on a series of photographs. 

The tone of these dances was 
more abstract and quite different 
from the dramatic tones of the pre-
vious night. One piece started with 
a single male dancer pantomiming 
pushing something such as a shop-
ping cart or baby stroller. He was 
pulled by impulses away from thi s 
action for the dance, then came 
back to it near the end. The pieces 
represenied different scenes and 
situations, but often (when there 
was more than one dancer) invoked 
the complexity of human interac-
tion, with dancers frequently 
approaching each other, then 
recoiling or pulling away. There 
were a fair number of lifts, some of 
which were quite exceptional 

UCSD students in attendance 
said favorable things about the per-
formance. 

"I was really impressed," said 
Biochemistry major and intermedi-
ate student of modem dance David 
Chu. "For a small production, it 
was very good. It seemed like they 
didn ' t have much funding, but they 
were very professional." 

Sunday was the first time Liter-
aturel Writing major Patrick Rus-

sell had seen a modem dance per-
formance live. 

"It impressed me because it 
broke the stereotypes I had of con-
temporary dance," he said. "I could 
actually see the art behind the 
choreography. Before, I thought 
that contemporary dance was just a 
bunch ofrandom movements." 

Nicholas Runcol Guard/an 

••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

Dos Pescados 
Combo Only s3.49 

That'5 two of our BETTER 
n5h taC05, bean5 and chipsl 

I 
: r--.-IIII-i-"-JII-.-_--I1-_-~ 
I .., .. ,------
I •• #:------
I ---....... ..." 
I 10 10 _1IIiII0 

All in all, the festival presented 
companies that were strong both 
technically and creatively, making 
for a very good experience for all 
comers, whether seasoned dancers 
or first-time spectators. With some 
luck, the festival will take place 
again next year, and shouldn't be 
missed. 

, 

LA JOLLA VILLAGE 5GUAAE 
NoOd Dnve at Hoghway 5 

270-FINS 

P,o,oFIC BEACH 
• 

n.;. ,",upon fOOd fur I'f' to 2 ordero. Not ",lid wttII 
.ny otloer off .... Offer e><pir<. 415O/9fI. 

........ ~ ........••..... 

I ... .., ....... _* ...... ", : ... ~_._..., r.-=-_ G .. ma !we. & Lamont St. 
274-FINS 

entry per 
~~r~ni.d~s:!!id!t. :!!!.n~ 1 ~,!-1~J~ _1~~Ie!:.e~ie!...w~ be ~oi~d ..... 

IIftllllYINe 
.no sam • 1. • 7P1 

A dark, very funny yet disturbing 
comedy centered on an extremery 
dysfunctional fOnJily thot seems 
obaut reody to ball aver Into 
complete Insanity. 

lli.~~Sl~J2 
'~ril U • • • Uillandevil~ Auditorium 

-- - - -

Thunday, April 22, 1999 

MOVIE: 
Disney has .promise with 
new 'Tarzan' feature 
ContI ....... from ..... t 
destroyed by critics. Let us consider some of 
the '90s' biggest draws and their overall com-
mercial and artistic appeal. 

1. The Jur...ac P.tl tr.nc:hI .. 
Spielberg hit the jackpot by adapting 

Michael Crichton 's runaway bestse ller, con-
structing reali sti c dinosaurs (mechani cal 
li zards) and throwing in a bunch of wide-
eyed kids. The result : lillie T-Rex action fi g-
ures, a Universal Studios ride and the fourth 
highe t grossing movie of all time! A for 
the film , the dinos are spectacular, but the 
humans seem to take an lQ drop every 10 
minutes. Every scene evolves into a setup 
for the dinosaurs to make another appear-
ance, devour some more stuff and scare the 
living daylights out of Laura Dern and Jeff 
Goldblum. 

What saves Spielberg's adventure-pic, 
however, is a tremendous score from John 
Williams, Crichton's scientific evidence for 
dinosaur cloning, terrific acting efforts from 
Goldblum and Sir Richard Attenborough. And 
there was also the interesting question: Do we 
have the right to bring animals that naturally 
went extinct back to life? 

Like many other films, Jurassic Park 
should not have had a sequel. The premise of 
"The Lost World" is that some dinosaurs 
remain. No one knows ~hy ... they just 
remain. Again a cute little kid is thrown into 
the equation with cardboard-like humans and 
a plethora of visually pleasing dinos. Not 
even Goldblum could save this movie. We've 
all seen this before. 

Z. The Will ............ _vies 
The Fresh Prince may very well be the 

biggest Hollywood sensation of the '90s. 
With hi s sharp to'ngue and commanding 
screen presence. Smith fueled "Independence 
Day" into the top 10 highest grossing movies 

The UCSD Guardian HIA1lJS II 

of all,time, then almost duplic~ted the ma~t 
with "Men in Black." This sunlmer, he Jakes , r~~~"'';';;;'...i;'';--~~''''~~-"''!'''~~-~!"'i-~!"'i-~--';''--;'''' 
off again with Kevin Kline in··<"The Wild,"' 
Wild West." What 's his seoret? ,Easy. A grea\ 
supporting cast and stories that exude ori gr-
nality about phenomena we've always won-
dered abour, but have never really known. 

"Independence Day" look a simple con-
cept (aliens), applied it to a cia sic doomsday 
scenario (world destruction, chaos), and final-
ly added a patriotic spin (U.S. president , July 
4). It had a little something for everyone and 
left audiences with that positive feeling that 
there's hope for mankind yet. 

Goldblum was the perfect complement for 
rowdy Smith and the special effects (space-
ships, outer dimensions) added a mysterious 
element that accentuated the ob tacles lhe 
main characters faced. The only flaw would 
be the dialogue, which was at times sappy and 
tongue-in-cheek. 

"Men In Black" built on ID4's success by 
teaming Smith with another "polar opposite," 
the versatile Tommy Lee Jones, who ·drives 
the show. The success of this film rested on a 
clever script and a exploration of the relation-
ship between humans and aliens (ironically, 
the one thing ID4 lacked). What also helped 
was "Men in Black's" comiC' overtone, which 
endeared it to a wider array of audiences and 
provided a contrast from typical "alien" 
movies. 

3. The......., .tlm ........... 
At first, no one anticipated the commercial 

success. Later, everyone wondered where it 
~ad gone. Released in the fall, "Beauty and 
the Beast" and "Aladdin" captivated audi-
ences with their likable protagonists, show-
stopping tunes, brilliant animation and 

• humorous sidekicks. "Beauty and the Beast" 
secured an unexpected nomination for best 
picture and "Aladdin" topped it by making 
more money. Disney executives were giddy 
over what could follow. 

'The Lion King" was everything everyone 
could hope for, and more. The kids loved it , 
parents took their kids, and their kids saw it 

See MOVIE, Page 17 

HAPPY EARTH DAY, U(SD! 

Reduce, Reuse, Recycle and Buy Recycled 
534-0919 

REGISrERED UNDERGRADS 
"(OVER YOUR BOD" WITH 

SICKNESS AND 
ACCIDENT 

INSURANCE 

fNROLLING NOW 
Information and applications are available at 

Student Health Service • 0039 • 534-2123 

International Studies Abroad.(800) 580-8826 DadcI Spade Sophie Mareea .. 
Spain 

France 
Argentina 

Chile 
Costa Rica 

Australia 
New Zealand 

http://www.studlesabroad.com 

A c:xMDeClY about a guy ~o would do anything 
to aet the aid of his cbealDS - and didl 

Los 

STARTS APRIL 23 AT A THEATRE.NEAR YOU. 

---=--



12 The UCSD Guardian 

Leganza'" COX 4-<loor Sedan 

Lepnu va. AccordICMIrJ 
.,..... ...... 

""* LeplllaCDX Accord LX C...,U 
Manufacturer's Sugested Retail f'riceI $11.'10 $10,205 ,$20,211 
Manufixturw'r £quIpment 
l-Year Scheduled Maintenance Covwed Yes No No 
I..-ther Seating Surfaces Yes No $1,100 

In-OashCD~ Yes ' No $190 
Automatic Temperature Control Yes Manual Manual 
Traction Control System Yes No No 
Power Tilt & Slide Moonroof Yes No $1,000 
Car Alarm wlRemote Keyless Entry Yes No $399 

FrontFoc~ Yes No $399 
AIat WIlftIs Yes No $l6S 
~PrIce** $11."0 $20,205 $D,67 I 

Thursday, April 22, 1999 

Great College Financing. 
Most college students have a hard time affording even a used car. 
That's why Daewoo is pleased to introduce our special college financing 
program where it's easy to buy a great. new car. Our plan offers low 
monthly payments and special interest-only financing for the first one 
or two years. Which means )'00'11 be able to still afford gas. Our plan 
also offerS seniors and recent graduates a great opportunity to show 
off their independence by. applying for financing without mom and 
dad's help. Remember, this offer is only available to college students. 
so be sure to take advantage of it Start by checking out the charts 
below to see how good we look versus those other cars you've been 
looking at Then by checking out how good we'll look in your driveway. 

Nubira'" COX +door Sedan 

..... ",ctwlc/CeNlla ....... ..... c!:IlaLi 
...... ax a.tcLX 

I'1InIIIc:uw'I s.--t ReaiI Prier $14.610 $16,041 $16," 
~f4uIpn..c 
].y.,. ~ MIIranInc:e CO¥'8nId Yes No No 
IfHjuh CO f'IIrw V_ No $100 
N1/FM Sc.reo wfc...a. V_ Noc.a.z. YeI 
AncI-l.ock ~ ~ Yes No $550 
Front Foe lJ&hII 

, V_ No No 
Car AIann wlRernoce ~ Encry V_ No $l99 
Ak COIldIdoIq V_ VII V. 
Poww WIndows V_ VII v. 

~ E • .....,.. f'rIceI* $1 .... 10 $16,045 $17,117 

o 19811 __ -.~o.oo.L.egwo,_lRIlnI .. _d __ Mata.~M ___ -"_blDlglD""""_IRI .. ""_b:~_ 
• U*d3,..a ... :!fl.(XXlrrle-nv.""""" __ ",,,__ • 
- __ Mata.~"IJIDI!OIIr~ID!!f)_lundllod~" __ dI19811_-'''ID''bIII~_ .. Ihto~'''''''-_''''IJIIId.a_ ... DIMlD-'_III ___ ~'''''''fIam''_-''''' 
__ ~lIIedc..T_""'Qido,"''''~''''''''''''''''''''''~''M1I''~lIIedc..bIHl .... IUltIl'''''''''''''~'''''''ID''-d" __ ",",,,llIIoIoo_'''''''_a..o_-.~~ 
__ . CInu1w ... _~..-a..o_blllllll ... ,.0II0r""IJ"*tIDCIlIIIgI_II.,~"",~s._b:_tJIIrpd3f1M111ID&'»'II8. AlllltlalllIII"'nI"""''' __ ~1IIIIIlt0llr1l''''''''''' 

':.::=l!UIIbe18,..adllll ... _ ... I\IIId--._IRI ..... d __ '*"._ .. ~b .. IIII_SIo ... ID_I""~s...~ ... __ ..... _b"' ... ., __ ~_1IIIIIlt~"'aIIr. 

• a...-_..-IRICIII1IRIII_......"ldpq ...... 
.. ~ ..... -..,...,.s._b_'*"_~_ ... _ 
, 1I1118mod11-,-MSft> __ IRI_-. ... _nl ...... _..-... __ 
• _ ... _~ .. _II1......., ........... dIIo.dre.19811.SoIa:_ .. __ Ftb.1!III9. 

· _~GIa.!>2 _$1f1/TJ. . 
, .... 1D~nMUllltn*I~ ... blllllIlCIII*IIbl!Wi:lMll1l1.,IIDdIII..,...~~I~_1I1r1q ...... QlllldCiHIJI,...III,..nI.SWnI ,.,... ...... 
, _ ... hcomelRlClldlhilby. 0Iw ....... 1IIII1IIIIIlt 510 ... b_ 
, __ 6_d~ ... _,...._ .. 1III2_td1 ... I_ ....... allltOlw __ .., .. 
• ~ ....... d_'"'ckftV_~~rI.,...IIr)liarllRll·-,-blrinl.....,br~......,.PIIIIB*d .. nI_b .. _d .. __ oa.. ......... IRI .......... ...... 

'f<r-..pw"""'blnlS-:DIb~1D24_b)liarlnl~ID.2_b_.9.75lI.N'R1IaqI_'"' ...... _ ... I.-a>-tVw1Rl.0I_ .......... S2D7 ....... b4l_.a75ll.MRlllllAnIIS ......... 1I111118 ..... 
ftUlngS2!iO_dWge.d_~-.IIg. ... -. ........................ ~_ .... IRI\W ... _ ... """' __ .tiIIIIlD--. 
llIoClllllgl~_nl __ IJIft*II __ ..... \IIId ..... _ .... flanl-.o_-.iIt. 

Thunday, April 22, 1999 

A First from Daewoo. 

I ,..,. deferred (Interest onIy1 payment 
followed .., equIIlnsbIIIments up to 4 ~ 

LDnos'" Sf +<loor Sedan 

a-¥Ioa., ....... ....... ,; ...... 
ManufKturw's Sua-'*' Rd Pr1ce* $11,700 
~~ ..... 
]. V .... ScMduIed MIIranInc:e c:c-r.d V. 
AMIfM Soirwo wte-a. Yes 
AucomIdc TnI ... lillioI. +tpeed 
PowwWlndows V. 
Poww Door I..ocks V. 
Car AIIrm wIII.Irnoc. ~ &wry V. 
Ak COlldldDl.'1 $100 
Powws...q V_ 
Col .......... E.1IppecI Prtcr* , $12,-

Yes 

....":! ... 
$11,427 

No 
fIk&.+ 

3-speed 
No 

$2lO 
No 

fIk&.+ 
fIk&.+ 

$11,112 

The UCSD Guardian 

Low Cost of Ownership. 
Most cars will cost you a lot of money every year on maintenance. 
Not Daewoo. With our amazing regular scheduled maintenance 
program, you won't pay anything extra for the first 3 years.*That's 
right Zilch. Even brake pads and wiper blades are included. And to 
make it even easier, we have hundreds of friendly service centers 
throughout the country for your convenience. Daewoo takes care 
of so many things, about all you have to do is just add gas. 

Guaranteed Trade-in Value. 
You're also getting a great investment if you buy a Daewoo before 
6/30/99. Because when you're ready to trade-in your used Daewoo 
for a new Daewoo, we'll match the trade-in value to the best selling 
car in its class." ·It's a guaranteed way to get the most value out of your 
car. And it's only available from Daewoo. And only for college students. 
To learn more about Daewoo, stop by a Daewoo Store or talk to 
a Daewoo Campus Advisor: And find out how easy it is to finish 
your four years on four wheel~. 

DAEWOO® 
www.daewoous.com or 1-877-GO-DAEWOO 

Daewoo of San Diego 
777 Camino Del Rio South 

(619) 299-8882 

13 



14 The UCSD Guardian 

Are you ready for fun and exciting career opportunities? 
Then come see what Nokia is all about! 

. 1V~N~ ", 
~~rrtival @!furtl 

April 29th, 1999 
12:00 Noon -3:00pm 

U(SD Library Walk 
Win a'free NOKIA PhoneJt.! Eat Free Food! Play fun-filled CJc1mes! 

(Food will be served from 12:00-1:30 p.m.) 

Representatives from NOKIA will be available to discuss 
career opportunities. Bring your resume. 

"See offical rules for phone raffle. 

Experience The Fun Of Technology! 

NOKIA 
CONNECTING PEOPLE 

(0 NOKIA and NOKIA (onne<tinq People are registered 
trademarkl of NOKIA Corporation. 

Sponsored by NSBE 

Thursday;April22, 1999 Thursday, April 22. 1999 The UCSD Guardian HIAnJS 15 

A~NT51 DISCUSSES ALIENS, MUSIC, AND 'N SYNC 
Punk band Agent51 talks with the Guardian about music and their various influences 
By Julia ffa.t 
Guardian Reporter 

AgentS I, a band from Poway, 
will be playing at the Concert for 
Coastal Education this Friday at 7 
p.m. in Porter's Pub. The Ocean 
Awareness Club at UCSD is spon-
soring the event to benefit the 
Surfrider Foundation. 

While AgentSI might be con-
sidered ethically punk, their sound 
is closer to rock 'n' roll. The band 
is made up of four men from 
Poway, Chris, Greg, Eric and Rob, 
who range in age from 20 to 22. 

In this interview, the band mem-
bers of Agent51 chatted about top-
ics ranging from aliens to music . 
.... dIM: DescrIbe ~_11 
.................... 

AgentS I : We are the best fucking 
band in the world. Our influences 
include Rancid, Operation Ivy, 
AC/DC, Green Day and the Clash. 
How did you coaae up with 
Jour ............ ' 

We were AreaS I at first but our 
friend informed us that there were 
al ready numerous bands with the 
same name in California alone, so 
we changed it to AgentS I to keep 
with the whole UFO conspiracy 
cover-up theme. 
What Is with this UFO con-
spInIeJ oIIs .. slon Jou MV.' 

We have been called "X-Files" 
to music and we are all sci-fi buffs. 
DId you '- this ....... Juat 
for fun or •• Jou IooIdnC to 
hltlt .... _.' 

Both. It was originally for fun, 

but we are looking to branch out. 
We have · been around for four 
years, but only two and a half with 
the current line-up. We've played 
throughout California and some 
Nevada and Arizona shows. Our 
favorite place to play other than San 
Diego would have to be San Jose. 
WIIIcII w.e .... .,.... Is 
JOUr fnortte to ....,.., 

Poway Elk's Lodge because we 
can rent it out and charge whatever 
we want. All the kids that can', 
drive yet just get dropped off by 
their parents and we usually have 
pretty big showings. We also like 
playing at Cane's. 
WIIIcII v .... would Jou 
.... like to ...., In .... futur., 

Gilman in Berkeley becau e it's 
where most of our influences got 
thei r start. 
WIuIt ....... do Jou lIIOat 
enjoJ playlnC with? 

Swinging Ullers, Limp, the 
Classified, Unwritten Law. 
WIuIt Nnd would you IIIOSt 
W8M to open for? 

ACIDC or Pinhead Gunpowder. 
WIuIt I. the ........ eat th_ 
• f.n .... done to you' 

At a San Jose show thi guy 
name Kyle proved to be the great-
est fa n on Eanh. He was this 28-
year-old Chris Farley look-alike 
who bought 12 of our CDs. let us 
play and stay at his house, rented a 
car for us to drive home, and buill 
our stage prop. A di fferent sort of 
fan freaked Greg, the bassist, out 

April 25 . ~unday . <tlS-20 
8pm • UCSD Mandeville Auditorium 

Legendary Modern Dance from NY , 

Li~~n 
.,ance 

C~~~anY 
May 7 . Friday· <tlS-20 

8pm • UCSD Mandeville Auditorium 

Traditionall-lawaiian Dance 

HALAUHULA 
KANO 'EAU 
May 0 . ~turday . <t12-1S 

Bpm • UCSD Price Center Ballroom 

Visit our website @ http://ueo_ucsd.edu 
UCSD Box Office (619)534-TIXS 

PRESENTED av 

when she e-mailed him, saying she 
was "intoxicated" by him. 

MV. tMt tIIoM flv. boJs 
don·t? 

while for our fans. And don't be 
scared away from us if you are not a 
punk fan. Just give us a chance. Mud Is .... stupldillt tIIInC 

you·ve .... .......,.? We write our own songs, plus we wear suits and ties . Come see Agent5J, along with 
The Upbeat. Freakdaddy and The 
Cannons this Friday at the Pub. 

Chris, the singer' and guitarist, 
went into the crowd on one of his 
friend's shoulders during a show. His 
friend could not hold him up so he 
fell forward, letting some girls break 
his fall . When he made it back up on 
stage his guitar was way out of tune. 
'N Sync Is ....,..., tonI_ 

...,...... JOII'd •• to ....., 

In ... DIeCO. WIuIt 
doesAC-U 

We are looking 10 give people 
\hei r money's worth. Since there is 
such a flood in the San Diego music 
scene we want to make it worth 

Kristine Chang/Guardian 

fmerqiftf Leaders Profram & ISUeSD preself. .. 

DJ Dance' Carftival! 
RIMAC Jield 

8:00 PM-Midftifht 
~reel 

(omedian, Carrol Top! 
RIMA( Arena 

7:00 PM 
~Ul .. 1m StHtn.IIIi" VIIW IUD 10 

rKkttJ ivlilMlt Itr 6Hlh If IUD St •• n.1 
Itr $10 at .he Pri" C •••• r III Offi" 

Carnival Events Include: 
Bungee Trampoline 

Rock Climbing 
Big Glove Boxing 
Caricature Artist 

Masseuse 
V~lcro Wall 

Strolling Magician 
Donut Eating Contest 

Casino Games 
Mock Weddings 

Gyroscope 
Fortune Teller 

~~f.!~~U~~~~~~~~~~~~~ ......... .......:i::::l£i:£~::':.........J ..... .... , of .. f ... , , .......... t • t 4 4 • • 4 •• , .. ( •• of".. . .... , .. .. ... • .. .. • • .. .. .. •• 



. " 

16 mATIlS The UCSD Guardian Thursday, April 22, 1999 

BARRYMORE SCORES IN 'NEVER BEEN KISSED' 
The overdone teenage, romantic-comedy genre recieves yet another instaJlment 
By Mike Last 
Guardian Reporter 

"Never Been Kissed" portrays 
the nightmare/dream that many of 
us have: What would it be like to 
go back to high school now that we 
are so much older and wiser'! 

In "Kissed," the Chicago Sun 
TImes wants to send an undercover 
reporter back to high sc hool to 
study modem teenagers. The task 
falls on Josie Gellar (Drew Barry-
more), a 25-year-old copy editor 
who wants to be a reporter. Josie 
had a traumatic high school experi -
ence as a geek, which was topped 
off by being stood up for the prom. 
As an adult, Gellar 's life·consists of 
correcting everybody else's gram-
mar and sewing a few too many 
pillows every night. 

Josie fall in with the high school 
geeks after being befriended by 
Aldys (Leelee Sobieske, of "Deep 
Impact" fame) on her first day of 
school. Her inital days as a under-
cover reporter are marked by failure. 
Josie gets little sympathy from her 
editor when she suggests story ideas 

such as, "What is in the cole slaw 
they serve our kids." When a rival 
paper runs a story on the parties that 
high school kids are having, Josie is 
told to enter a different social circle. 

To co mplicate mailers Josie 
starts to fall in love with her Eng: 
lish teacher, played by independent 
film actor Michael YaMan, and he 
starts showing signs that he 's 
allracted to her. She impresses him 
with, her ability to understand 
Shakespeare - a talent that far sur-
passe what one might expect to 
find in a high school classroom. 

The story works toward a cli-
matic prom scene, where !he theme 
of "famous couples through time" 
provides a selling for some nice 
costumes. 

At times the movie seems fairly 
predictable, though it has its fun 
moments. The script manages to be 
more entertaining than one might 
expect by turning seemingly pre-
dictable plot threads around, pro-
ducing an unexpected result . How-
ever, the script does suffer from 
both too much editing and a de ire 

Chevrolet Cavalier 

Suzanne Hanover/Courtesy 01 Fo. 2000 Pictures 
K ..... ~: Drew Barrymore and David Arquette star In a touching romantic comedy. 
to not offend anybody. that at least one of the script writers Typical of many movies, 

Some of the more charming has a flair tor writing. The first "Kissed" depicts high school not as 
moments of "Kissed" occur when instance of this is when Josie con- it was, but as it should have been. 
Barrymore's character read an arti- vinces her co-workers that she is a For those that enjoy the genre, or 
cle she composed or speaks about writer by describing why she feels want to watch a good chick flick, I 
her philosophy on life. It appears she has "never been kissed." would recommend this film. 

hey you! 
editor in chief 
interviews are 

this 
monaay 

april 
26th 

during the 
staff meeting 

at 4:30 

Oldsmobile Alero 

everyone on 
payroll should 

attend and 
vote. 

GMC Jimmy 

• Financing As Low As 0% APR 
• No Downpayment When You Purchase Plus ••• 
• Special Easy Financing For Grads 

The Choice Is Yours! Choose from any new Chevrolet, Pontiac, Oldsmobile or GMC car or truck. 

For more information, call: 

1.800.964.GRAD 

PON'TlAC. 
GMC otaIRDLET. 

, 
'GM CoUege Grad Program requires finandng or leasing through your dealer and GMAC. The $1000 offer is only aVililable through June 30, 1999. 

and applies only to eligible vehicles purchased and deUvered to residents of Alaska. Arizona. Califomia. ColOlldo. Hawaii. Idaho. Montana. Nevada. 
Oregon. Utah. Washington. Wyoming and select counties in Nebluka. New Mexico. North Dakota and South Dakota. See yow' participating 

Chevrolet. Pontiac. Oldsmobile or GMC duler for details. Copyright 1999 GM Corp. AU RIghts Reserved. 

Thursday, April 22, 1999 

MOVIE: 
The top grossing 
movies rated 
ContInued from ,... U 
again ... and again . Elton John sang 
a love song, Jeremy Irons was 
wickdly evil a the vi llain and lit-
tle Simba was sooooo cute. Only 
problem is, in a ~t ory devoid of 
humans. the plot often gets tainted 
or 1051. We all aw the ending com-
ing a mile away, but then again ... 
it's a Disney IiIm. 

After "Lion" topped 300 mil-
lion, Disney fclt it couldn ' t lose, so 
it put on its thinking cap and pro-
duced a couple of erious, historical 
features. First came "Pocahontas." 
The story was great, but the theme 
was all too familiar (white man-
bad, Native-American-good). "The 
Hunchback of Notre Dame" took it 
a step furthcr by having its protago-
nist be a deformed, hunched-over 
man. Unlike the beast, he doesn't 
tum into the prince in the end or get 
the girl. Plus, the tilm deals with 
such themes as lust and religion. 
Needless to say, "Hunchback" did-
n't sell too many toys. 

Understanding that it was alien-
ating its younger audiences, Disney 
returned with-.he more cheerful 
"Hercules." Only thing was, it was 
too cheerful and too over the top. 
The songs lacked the appeal of the 
earlier films and "Hercules" 
crashed at the box oftice. Disney 
regained its magical touch with 

"Mulan," a fantastic story about a 
fantastic girl. ''Tarzan'' (due this 
ummer) looks to have some 

promise as well. Hopefully, Disney 
is back on track. 

4. The Schw.-z....,. ... film 
lt's amazing that_ Arnold 

Schwarzenneger can go through a 
whole movie only saying things 
like "Get down!" "Don ' t shoot!" 
and "Watch out!" Yet, people are in 
lines out the door to see him deliv-
er these lines. Or is it the line to see 
him kill lot and lots of people? 

Nothing will ever top 
Schwarzenneger's performance in 
"Terminator 2: Judgment Day," one 
of the rare sequels to actually sur-
pass the original. Its got action, 
drama, a high body count and gut-
wrenching suspense. 
Schwarzenegger and director 
Cameron have recently agreed to 
make T3. It should be something. 

On the other hand, nothing will 
ever be as deplorable as Schwanen-
neger playing himself in "Last 
Action Hero." There are so many 
cheesy one liners it's not even funny. 
It was billed as the movie to chal-
lenge "Jurassic Park" in summer of 
'93. Instead, it can rival "Godzilla" 
as biggest flop of all time. 

The UCSD Guardian 

When Schwarzenneger's on, 
he's on. When he's off, he's out of 
the ballpark. Still, the ''Tenninator'' 
can take his place alongside Harri-
son Ford, Tom Cruise and maybe 
Will Smith as one of the few actors 
that can draw an audience by name 
recognition alone. 

.,..11 .... fA) 

.............. (F) 
"'\l1li CD) 
-- (8-) Id' ........... CD) 

The latest summer blockbuster, 
"Armageddon," continues another 
trend of Hollywood: di saster 
movies ("Twisler," "Dante's 
Peak," "Deep Impact"). Expect 
future summers to be more saturat-
ed as studio blockbusters cancel 
each other out. Besides "Star 
Wars," this summer will feature 
Mike Myers in "Austin Powers 2," 
Will Smith in "The Wild, Wild 
West," and Tom Cruise and Nicole 
Kidman in Stanley Kubrick's 
"Eyes Wide Shut." 

JOH·N'S FAMOUS COMICS 
EST. 1999 ......... published, ..... 2 

HlATUS 17 

CIIIII! 
We're Open 24 Hoursl 

M ~ 
Costa Verde Shopping Center • 8650 Genesee Ave., teo 200 

457-9500 

* * * 3 ¢ SELf SERVE COPIES * * "* 
Expires Apri l 10. 1999 

:\ Icdieal :\ I D &: \'l'tl'rinar~ Prograills 
Hope Medical Institute (HMI) is currently accepting applications for 
September/October 1999 semesters from committed students. If you are: 
• CoIIece araduate with pre-Illed or pre-vet background 
• CoUece araduate without pre-med or pre-vet background 
• 2-year coIIece education with concentration In science courses 
• Hip school graduate who wants to become a M.D. or D.V.M. 

The next semester starts September!October 1999 at various affiliated 
institutions in Europe. Courses are conducted in the English language. 
The institutions and programs are well recognized by the World Health 
Organization, American Medical and Veterinary Exam Boards as well as the 
U.S. De~nl of Education. 

Full ~ by the U.S. Government is available. Due to very limited 
time and availability of space, apply immediately if you think you have what 
it takes to be a good physician or veterinarian. Call for further information at: 

HOPE MEDICAL INSTITUTE 
753"TblmbIe Shoals Blvd., Blda. lB, Newport News, VA 23606-3575 

PHONE: (757) 873-3333 FAX: (757) 873-6661 
www.hopclllcdicalinstitutc.org 

THE SUN GOD ISSUE. 
MAY 13TH IN THE GUARDIAN. 

The Berkeley- Review Provides: 
10 Weeks or Review And Testing Of 
Important MCAT 

Exceptional Instructors For Each Of 
The Six Topic Areas or The MCAT~rl'-IN 
Excellent Review Materials That You 
Get To Keep And Take IIUIIJ"~LI1fy,"""""""1'-tI 
Application Assistance, Interview 
Workshops, And Mock Interviews~Mv'-11 

1-800-622-8827 
www.berkeley-review.com 



18 SPORTS 

Event Marketing Manager 
Pro Performance Marketing is in search of an 
outgoing, enthusiastic, reliable, goal oriented student 
marketing manager to promote a university sponsored 
program throughout the fall 1999 semester. 

Responsibilities include: 
• Event Coordination 
• Staff Management & Motivation 
• Operations Management 
• Quality Control 

Program Benefits include excellent pay, incentive 
program, all expense paid training conference. in 
August and valuable experience gained in event 
marketing. Fre~hmen, sophomores, juniors and 
student organization leaders encouraged to apply. 

On campus interviews an 4/26/99. 
For more info call Kri tin at 800-377-1924, ext. 208. 

The UCSD Guardian 

TRACK: 
CallNevada meet 
will be biggest ever 
ContInued from ..... 22 
year. S he was second in the 200 
and third in the 100 in '98. 

In the field events, there is 
potential for a memorable perfor-
mance from UCLA's Seilala Sua. 
She is the defending USA Outdoor 
discus champion and a two-time 
NCAA Outdoor discus champ as 

SUNDT: 
Surf contest will 
bring out the best 
ContInued frOlll ..... 24 

Sundt, born and raised on the 
~Iiffs above B13Ck's Beach, first 
approached Bemdes with the idea 
five years ago. Sundt had recently 
suffered the loss of his two younger 
brothers due to drug abuse and he 
wanted to memorialize them 
through an annual surf contest -r 
both brothers surfed. 

Along with the contest, Sundt 
established the Sundt Foundation 
to help' local non-profit, anti-drug 
organizations. Support for this . 
foundation has increased substan-
tially in its three year existence; 
last year the foundation raised over 
$20,000. 

Just as support for the founda-
tion has . grown exponentially 
throughout the years, the actual 
contest has grown as well. In its 
first year, over I 10 surfers compet-
ed. This year, Berndes said he 
expects over 250 surfers to enter. 

And these are not your every 

Announc· new job 
Op 'UCSD 

~OW1~~~with young students in local elementary, 

well. Sua is a multi-dimensional 
athlete. In '98, she took second in 
shot put, javelin and discus. She is 
also a dangerous hammer thrower 
as well. 

In the 100, there appears to be 
one heck of a bailie shaping up. 
UCLA's Shakedia Jones is the 
favorite and the defending champi-
on. She is also the defending World 

. Junior and Pac- 10 champion. 
However, Long Beach State fresh-
man Amaris Buchanan is looking 
to make her mark on this meet in 

day hacks. This year 's contest has 
drawn in professional surfers from 
around the world, including Japan, 
Hawaii and the East Coast. Among 
the top names entered in this year's 
Memorial Open are Damien and 
C.J . Hobgood, Benji Weatherly 
and - get this girls - Kelly 
Slater, the reigning world champ. 
Some older guys such as Rusty 
Preisendorfer - another UCSD 

·alumnus and world renown shaper 
- and Peter Townend will also be 
competing. 

The event's defending champi-
on, Taylor Knox - who is maybe 
best known for charging Todos 
Santos during last year's Reef 
Brazil at TOdos contest and grab-
bing the K2 S50,OOO Big Wave 
Challenge for his death-drop - is 
supposed to compete as well. Joel 
Tudor, who has struck some ani-
mosity with local Black's surfers, 
has. not yet entered. 

This year's contest will be sepa-
rated into seven divisions includ-
ing: open men 's (which is in a 
pro/am format), seniors, longboard, 
high school, junior high, women's 
and corporate. 

Thu~y,April22, 1999 

not only the 100, but the 200 as 
well. There is also a third contender 
in the race, as UNLV's Alicia 
Tyson brings the year's top time 
into the event. 

Overall, this weekend should be 
a great event, not only for the par-
ticipants, but for the spectators as 
well. Sunny UCSD should prove to 
be a fantastic host as usual. And 
remember to take notes when 
you're out there, because you 
might be watching a future gold 
medalist. 

Unfortunately for the UCSD 
surf team, there is no collegiate 
division. These lucky guys and gals 
get to battle head-to-head with the 
world's best pros. 

Even if your favorite UCSD 
surf team member does not pull 
through his or her heats and into 
Sunday's rounds, the event is a 
definite don't miss. A contest at 
Black's Beach is a once a year 
occurance, if that. Last year, the 
contest did not even happen. EI 
Nino won out and left no beach for 
the contest to run. 

The UCSD Sundt Memorial 
Open runs all day Saturday and all 
day Sunday down at Black's. 
Spectators don't be ~eary : You do 
not have to make the trek down to 
the beach. Members of the UCSD 
men's lacrosse team are running a 
free shuttle from Lot 351 - also 
known as North Parking - to the 
bOllom of Black's. 

So come down and see some 
incredible surfing and contribute 
to the cause. For further informa-
tion, contact ScOll Berndes in the 
UCSD Rec Club oOice at 534-
8085 . 

• ~. The Robert & Sonia Hamburger Family ~L ;a-e Endowment Chamber Music Series ~ 
-n. 24th Suron o( the UCSD Chamber !l1ulic Seri •• _ 

Contact these departments forll'M •• 
• Early Academic Outreach t"r()2t:1IIl 

Ap'ril 24 • Saturday 
8pm • Mandeville Auditorium 

Students $1 Oadv. or $5door • G.A. $20 
- tephanie y 822-3052 

• Admissions and Outreach 
- gustin Albarran aalbarran@ucsd,edu 
AppUcadoas available Building B, Student cater IaIo De k 

• Cal SOAP 
- Linda Do I hty 569-1866 

• Teacher Education Progfam 
- Lori Guardiano-Durkin 534-1680 

Limited to tudents previbaltror currently cnroUed in TEP courses. 

UCSD Box Office 534-TIXS 
~~ 
_ .. - ... --_._ .. ,,",'-
---"' ........ 

-----

Thursday, April 22, 1999 The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 19 

Relaxed Tritons Demolish Unsuspecting Claremont 
STOMPING: Despite being eliminated from the playoff hunt, the Tritons continue to play tough baseball as they blew out Claremont, 13-5 
By BrIan WeI'es 
Staff Writer 

As the UCSD baseball team's 
season winds down with five 
games remaining and thoughts of 
next season's possibilities 
embed themselves in the • 
minds of the players, it 
is time to just go out 
there and play ball. 

Leaving all grave 
concerns about making 
the playoff this year behind, 
the Tritons did just that and 
wound up demolishing Claremont 
College 13-5 in front of 200-plus 
fans at Claremont on Tuesday. 

The date was 4/20 that day and 
Claremont found themselves "up in 
smoke" by the end of the fifth 
inning. UCSD did not begin on top 
however. Coming off a tough 3-2 
loss to Chapman, the Tritons fell 
behind early 3-0. UCSD tied the 
ball game in the third and extended 

hey you! 
editor in chief 
interviews are 

. this" 
monday 

april 
26th 

during the 
staff meeting 

at 4:30 

everyone on 
payroll should 

attend and 
vote. 

i wish i 
were an' 
oompa 
loompa 

o 
o 

o 

GuaRDIAN 

its lead in the top of the fourth with 
some timely hiuing by third base-
man Ryan Hill. 

With 2 outs, Hill hit a double 
to drive in two Triton runs. In 

fact , UCSD's first 9 runs 
came with 2 outs . 

UCSD has been 
thirsting for this 
type of situational 
hilling all season. 

"We were two 
timely hits from a post-

season bid this year," 
O' Brien aid after the game. 

In both one-run losses to 
Chapman and Cal Lutheran, UCSD 
was just a hit away. 

The thoughts of coming up 
!>hort, of not overcoming tough 
one-run leads, should engender a 
discipline in the Triton players to 
play harder and bear down in tight 
ball games next year. 

The rest of Tuesday 's match-up 

featured Malt Merrifield hilling a 
grand slam over the left field wall. 
Merrifield, who is hitting .306 with 
23 RBI's, got the count in his favor 
and drove a Lenny Cleveland fast-
ball out of the park. 

By the sixth inning, UCSD had 
control of the game with a 9-3 lead 
and piled on four more for a 13-5 
victory. Andrew Holloway, in his 
second appearance as a starter, 
went four and two-thirds and excit-
ed fans with a 10-5 lead. 

With the Tritons out of the play-
off hunt, UCSD had the lUXUry of 
seeing a lot of arms on the mound. 
John Beaven ended up earning the 
win, and five other Triton pitchers 
contributed to the effort. 

UCSD will now play four 
games in a row with Menlo. The 
Tritons will travel to Menlo for two 
games and will then open up the 
Triton Classic at home on May I 
with two more against the Oaks. 

Lisa Huff/ Guardian 
Shoy.l: First baseman Eric Thorpe shovels the ball back to first. 

As graduation loom~ on the horizon, thoualllll; 
have no d0l!bt formed in your mind. So hIvt 
But through our College Graduate PUfichlltJ 

your dream car down to reality. College 
get $400 cash back-toward the purcblle 

vehicle. For more inti •• , 



20 CLASSIFIEDS The UCSD Guardian 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
I :ll§lI!IJ: I =ta,:m 
*ROUND TRIP COURIER FARES. 
London $349 Sing $300 Hong Kong $389 
China $360 Sydney $580 B8IIgkok $370 

CLASSIFIEDS 
Classified Line 

Ad Rates 
Sluden .. : $31* 20 _rd. 

Faculty. S .. ": $41* 20 word. 
All other.: 551* 20 word. 

"40.80% OFF ALL FARES" 
AIR COUR I ER I NTERNATIONAL 

1-800-298-1230 24 hr 

1 '<I> L 

Th6 UCSD Guardian reserves the right to classify. edit, delete offensive words and 
phrases. andlorrefuse any and all advertisements without prior notification. The Advertiser 
will not hold the Guardian liable for any claims resulting Irom the publication of the 
advertisement. The publisher will also not be held accounlable for any claim from an 
agreement made between tha advertiser and Ihe consumer. 

Advance payment Is required. 

Classified Display 
Ad Rates 

Multicultural Fraternity 
I...e:ldership • Academics 

Brotherhood • Mult.-culturnl Unity 

Copy should be reviewed by the advertiser for errors. In order to be corrected In the next 
regular Issuo. all errors must be reported by the corresponding deadline. Credit will only 
be given for the Incorrect portion of the advertisement. There are no refunds forcancellat.ons. 

$9.00 per column Inch 
Deadlines: 

P .... Iiu.ioo DII. DI.,uy Ada line AlII 
Looking for Founding Fathers 
emai: GanrnI Phi EpeIon Ohomllcom 

cal2S7-1730 

Pie ... lind an co""pondenca reg.rdlng CI ... IIIad. to: 
ManUy 
ThurlClly 

Noon TlIur.. 3 pm ThIn. 
~ Mon. 3 pm lion. UCSD Guardian, Attn: CI .. llllada, 11500 Gilman OrivalO316, La Jolla, CA 1120113. Actuallocallon: Sludenl Canlar A, Room 217. 

EUROPE $239 ONi ANYTIME IN 
1999. Hawaii$119, CariblMexico$189 
rlt Discount Fares Worldwide. 888-
AIRHITCH. www.airhitch.org (taxes 
additional) (4/5-613) 

EVE N T S 
Leadership Seminar: Team Building 
presented on 4127/99 from 3-4:30 p.m. 
in Price Center Ga"ery B. What does 
it take to develop a strong functioning 
"team"? This session wi" allow you to 
experience "team work" through a 
variety of structured experiences and 
discussion. This is not a lecture ... come 
ready for action! Sponsored by SOLO. 
For more info call 534-0501. (4/22-26) 
Leadership Seminar: Public 
Speaking - Yes You Canl presented 
on 4/28/99 from 3-5p.m. in the Price 
Center Ga"ery B. Whether it's two, 
twenty, or two hundred people ... , you 
CAN learn howto communicate clearly, 

comfortably, and powerfully as a 
student leaderl Overcome one of the 
greatest fears we have and learn how 
you can become an effective speakerl 
Sponsored by SOLO. For more info 
call 534-0501 . (4/22-26) 

EMPLOYMENT 
MALE & FEMALE MODELS. Our 
models have worked for Esquire 
Magazine, Skechers, Levi's, Estee 
Lauder, Coca Cola. Most ages OK! 
Beginner's OK! Great pay! Ca"- Otto 
1 (800)959-9301 . (218-5/27) 
Sales!Marketing Internships-Earn 3-6 
K Working on your Campus Telephone 
Directory Exce"ent Advertising/Sales! 
PR experience. Call COLLEGE 
DIRECTORY PUBliSHING: 1-800-
466-2221 ext 233. 
www.campusdirectory.com (2116-4126) 
FUN SUMMER JOBS. Gain valuable 
experience working with children 

EATING DISORDER 
Day Treatment Program 

This unique, comprehensive program 
offers a multidisciplinary team 

Ihal includes a psychologi I, physician, 
psychiatri t, dietician, activity therapi t, 

movement and art Iherapist, marriage 
and fami ly therapi st. certified fitness 

trainer and a yoga specialist. 

We are able to accomodate treatment to 
suit your school needs. 

For information, enrollment and seminar schedule, 
contact Program Founder Dr. D ivya Kakaiya 

f!-e~ 4510 Execul ive Drive, #102 

tl!J ~~ ~;.~;~~~~~1 
,Z in healthywithin.com 

THIS YEAR A LOT OF COLLEGE 
SENIORS WILL BE GRADUATING 

INTO DEBT. 
Under the Army's Loan 

Repayment program, you could 
get out from under with a three-
year enlistment 

Each year you serve on 
active duty reduces your 
indebtedness by one-third or 
$1,500, whichever amount is 
greater, up to a $65,000 limit 

The offer applies to Perkins Loans, Stafford Loans, 
and certain other federally insured loans, which are not 
in default ' 

And debt relief is just one of the many benefits you'll 
earn from the Army. Ask your Army Recruiter. 

1-800-USA-ARMY 

ARMY. BE ALL YOU CAN BE: 
www.goarmy.com 

outdoors. We are looking for caring 
Summer Day Camp staff whose 
summer home is in or near the San 
Fernando or Conejo Yalleys, Malibu, 
or Simi Yalley. General Counselors & 
Specialists. Salaries range $2,100-
$3,200+. Call 81~-865-6263 or go to 
www.workatcamp.com (4/1-5120) 

learn Bartending 

Catalina Island Summer 
Employment. Make money and meet 
new people working in Avalon, Catalina 
Island for the summer. We have 
positions available for friendly , 
outgoing, retail salespersons. Housing 
available. Send resume or application 
request to Bay Company P.O. Box 
1025, Avalon, CA. 90704. Or fax 
application request to (310) 510-2357. 
(411 -29) 
Are you LIGHT headed or of SOUND 
mind? Special event techs needed to 
work campus events with University 

Centers Tech Crew. No experience 
necessary, resume preferred. Must be 
registered student, have valid CDL, 
ability to lift 751bs., work odd hours and 
long shifts, nights and weekends. 
Starting $8Ihr. Apply @ EDNA in Price 
Center by April 30. (4/5-22) 
COME TO MAINE! Camp Takato a 
boy's camp on Long Lake, Naples, 
Maine hiring staff. Don't miss this 
opportunity to work at one of the top 
camps in the country. June 22-August 
22. Transportation provided! Positions 
in Newspaper, Pioneering, Basketball, 
Baseba", Soccer, Tennis, Swimming, 
Sailing, Ceramics, Wookdworking, 
Archery, Riflery, Radio , Video , 
Canoeing, Secretary, Cooks. Call Mike 
Sherbun at 800-250-8252. (4/5-29) 
We Pay Youl29 people needed to lose 
up to 30 Ibs. in 30 days. Doctor 
recommended. Call (619) 272-4985. 
(4/5-516) 
$1500 weekly potential mailing our 
circulars. No Experience Required. 
Free information packet. Call 202-452-
5940. (415-613) 
MANAGE A BUSINESS ON YOUR 
CAMPUS .Yerslty.com an Internet 

Vibrant, affluent couple seeks fantastic egg donor possessing 
the following attributes: 5'5" or taller with Blond/Light Brown 

Hair and Blue, Green or Light Hazel Ey~s . $6000.00 will 
compensate this special person for her time .. 

Please call CREATIVE CONCEPTIONS, INC. at 
1-888-411-EGGS 

(Be sure to mention the ad you are calling about.) 

web ",.e: crtltlv.cOflC.ptlon.".' "",.11: cclnc ...... ol.com 

GRADUATING? 
Eleanor Roosevelt College announces 

Auditions for 

Commencement 
Student Speaker 

Thursday, April 22, 1999 

NEED CASH? WE DELIVER! 

Shift Managers 
Customer Service Reps 

Delivery Drivers 
Drivers can earn up 
to $t2lhr. Must be 
t 8, with a valid 
driver's license, 
insured vehicle, 
good driving record. 

notetaking company is looking for an 
entrepreneurial undergrad to run our 
business on your campus. Manage 
students , make tons of money, 
excellent opportunity! Apply online at 
http://www.versity .com. E-mail: 
jobs@versity.com, or call 734-483-
1600 x. 888. (4/12-22) 
Movie ushers, sNlckblr· Pacific's 
Town Square 14 in the C1airemont Town 
Square. Free movies, flexible hours. 
must be motivated, have reliable 
transportation . Exlnt Advancement 
opps. Apply in person on SAT. at noon 
or MON. at 6:00 p.m. (4/12-26) 
PART-TIME GARDEN HELP .. $8 
HOUR,1 DAYAWEEK.LEAVENAMEI 
TEL # AT 687-1908. (4112-22) 
SUMMER PAINTING POSITIONS. 
UCSD Housing Maintenance is hiring 
student painters for the summer to 
assist with prep., painting and drywall 
repairs. Begin 6/14/99. Mon-Fri, 
7:30am-4:00pm $6.87Ihour. Pick up 
application from Cyndi at 9224A 
Regents Road. (4/15-29) 
MECHANICAL DESIGN ENGINEER 
REMEC, Inc. is a high tech 
microelectronics company dedicated 
to teamwork and total customer 
satisfaction, REMEC is currently 
seeking a qualified individual who wi" 
be responsible for.all mechanical deSign 
aspects of RF microwave hybrid 
electronic component and subsystems 
packaging including: thermal and 
structural analysis, deSign development 
and prototyping, designltesting of 
manufacturing support fixtures, metal 
fab support, hardware integration and 
production support. Requires BSME 
degree or equivalent, entry level 
acceptable. Background in electronic 
packaging -preferred. Candidate 
selectedwiHbesubjecttoagovemment 
security investigation and must meet 
eligibilty requirements for access to 
classified information. To submit 
resume, fax to (619) 569-7111 , email 
careers@remee.com or mail it to Attn: .• 
JDISDG, REMEC 9404 Chesapeake 
Dr., SD, CA 92123. EOElAA. (4115-26) 
Web Designers' Progrlmmers' 
Online Mlrketlrs. PT, FT and 
internships available'. Fax (619) 839-
3652 or e-mail jobsOipstrategy.com 
(4/19-29) 
Occasional childeare. Weekends and 
evenings for 4 and 6 year olds. Car and 
experience necessary. Call 793-03531 
leave message. (4/19-26) 
Make $3-5,000.00 or more a month 
while you go to school. Explosive 
Intemet business. UnlimitEld potential. 
Call (800)570-3231 ext. 5580. (4/19-
29) 
SUMMER CAMP II looking for the 
beat staff aroundl Positions include: 
General Counselors and Instructors 
for Basketball, Roller Hockey, Softball, 
VoHeyball, Golf, Tennis, Gymnastics, 
Lifeguards, S~ITJITlII:lg, .S~iling, Tech. 

Thursday, April 22, 1999 

Theater, Ropes Course, Ceramics, 
Jewelry, Wood, Photo, MacintOSh 
Computers and MOREl Competitive 
salary . Room, board, and travel 
allowance. Our 73rd summer as a co-
ed resident camp in the Catskill 
Mountains of New York State. Join a 
great team and make a real difference 
in the lives of children. For application 
and in!ormation, please contact: 
Chipinaw P.O. Box 770096 Coral 
Springs, FL. 330n. Or call 1-800-
Chipinaw (244-'7462). (4/19-22) 
Responsible and loving nanny needed 
in Del Mar. Must have experience with 
infants and young children. Provide 
references and own a car. Long-term 
commitment preferred. 30-40 hrslweek. 
Call 755-3024. (4/19-22) 
Babysitter Wanted. Carmel Valley 
family seeks a responsible babYSitter 
for two young girls. Some weekdays 
and weekends. Carolann, 793-6812. 
(4/19-22) 

fj-
911 gifts. com 

SOFTWARE ENGINEER 
Fast growing e-commerce firm seeks FT 
programmers. Compensation includes 
stocks options and compemive salary. 
Perl (CGI Scripts), ClCH, HTML, Java 
Unix & ROBMS experience (Oracle, SOL) 
Fax resume 10 619-291-9182 or e-mail 
chlng0911gllta.com. No calls. 

Camp Counselors: Youth exper. & refs. 
Horsebackride I waterfront I swim I 
rockclimb. SF East Bay. 925-283-3795 
I jobs@rou hingit.com (4/22) 
After-School Child Care: Two UCSD 
Professors seek after-school child care 
for their 11-year-old son in La Jo"a. 
Monday through Friday (or portions 
thereof), 3:30-5:30p.m. $7/hr. car 
required. Available immediately, please 
call Mark or Karen at 534-5462 or 459-
4470. (4122-29) 
FUNDRAISING ASS'T. La Jo"a 
Playhouse, award-winning theater on 
campus. Bright person sought for 
administrative assistance during 
summer Telefunding campaign. Strong 
attn . to detail, organization & 
recordkeeping skills . Data entry; 
QuattroPrOiWordPerfecl; ArtSoft a+. 
Part-time, May-Aug. Fax resume to 
619-550-1075 or call 619-550-
1020x503. (4122) 
Energetic and responsible ' individual 
needed to supervise three boys, ages 
10/13114,duringJuneandAugust. You 
must have valid drivers license. 
Experience with childcare is not 
mandatory; however, you MUST be 
intelligent, caring and absolutely 
committed to providing a supervised, 
safelfun environment for my three 
children in our Carmel Valley home. 
Hours are 8-6, Monday throultl Friday. 
Salary is $601day. To apply, send 
written resume to Celia Schleyhahn, 
P.O. Box 200476, Austin, TX 78720. 
You must include two character 
references from a former employerl 
teacherlschool coach or other 

. professional person who knows you 
well . Also include why you want the job 
and how you will get to work. (4122-51 
10) 
Attractive female figure models 18 & 
over. Immediate openings. PIT 10-301 
hrs. Training available, near campus. 
Serious inquiries please! 457-2225. (41 
22) 

ROOMMATES 
Need 2 roommates to share house 
with grads. 4.65 miles from school. Call 
for details. $285 + $2.65 Todd 6~-
9677. (4/15-22) 
Female roommate wanted. Room avail 
(611) in 3bd. condo. $420 + 1/3 utilities. 
Close 10 UCSD, UTC. Call Andrea or 
Linda 546-8866. (4/19-29) 

.N'eed Short term lease? Female UTC 

Master Bedroom wlBath. $510 single! 
$292 double. Available May 1 (619) 
535-8226. (4f22-26) 
Summer Rental UTC, Female 
Nonsmoker, Share mastljr bedroom.' 
Available Mid June $292 (619) 535-
8226. (4122-26) 
Roommate- 2 bdrrnl1 bth contemporary 
spacious apt. wlpool table. Walk to 
tlCSD, movies , shops. Avail. 
immediately. $575 + 112 utilities, 417-
0662. (4122) 
Female non-smoker. Mira Mesa (15 
minutes from Campus). Upstairs Unit. 
One bedroom attached bathroom. Nice 
complex. Includes pool and jacuzzi. 
$500/month and $300 deposit. 
Available July 1. Call Jenee 619-453-
3898. (4122-26) 

FOR RENT 
PRE-AENT your housing for summer 
or fa" of 99. Near UCSDIUTC area. We 
have 2-3-4 or 5 bedroom houses or 
condos. For information call 619-578-
4257. (3129-4/29) 
Pacific Beach. Female to share 3 
bedroom condo. Own bathroom, 
parking. $430/month, 1/3 utilities, $430 . 
deposit. No pets. 581-9237. (4/12-22) 
Female roommate wanted. Own room 
+ bathroom, wId , gated community, 
close to UCSD, S490/mo + 112 utilities. 
Avail. May 1. For info. 452-6689. (4/22) 

FOR SALE 
HOME AUDIO SPEAKERS, 36 in., 
never been used. Built-in amplifier. 
$150/pair. OBO. Bo. 452-2512. (4119-
29) 
1987 Nissan Sentra. 5 spd. 2 doors. 
White. Runs great. $1000. Call Jen. 
509-7921. (4122-26) 

~ ANT E D 
C~casian Research subjects 
reimbursed for interview. If you are a 
UCSD student, 21-25, call 552-8585 
x4185 for more information. (1/11-613) 
Volunteers paid $30.00 for interview. If 
you are entirely of Japanese or Korean 
descent, age 21-25, call 552-8585 x 
2182. (117-6/3) 

The UCSD Guardian -

Jewish Research subjects reimbursed 
for Interview. If you are a UCSD student, 
21-25, call 552-8585 x4185 for more 
information. (1/11-613) 

WE'RE LOOKING FORA 
FEW GOOD SPERM! Sperm 
donors needed.Ages 20-J9.AII races. 

$50 per accepubte donation. Call 
OPTIONS National Fertility 

Reel'try (800)886-9373. 

EGG DONORS NEEDED! 
Despel'2tely wanted by infertile, hopeful 

parents . ~11 races needed. Ages 21-JO. 
Compensation $4.000. Please call 
OPTIONS National Fertility 

Rellstry (800)886-9373. 

Give the miracle of life- Becoming an 
egg donor. Females between 21 & 31 , 
call (619) 673-0885. (Compensation 
for time, inconvenience) (2116-6/3) 
Become an Egg Donor. Help make a 
couple's dream come true. Surrogate 
Parenting Services. (800)373-9525. (31 
11-611 ) 
ASIAN EGG DONOR NEEDED: 0 
blood type. Taiwanese, Korean, or 
Japanese preferred . Financia"y 
rewarding. Call Tara (619)449-9497. 
(3/29-4/29) 

EGG DONORS 
-ptAKE A DlffEREn~E" 
in couples lives that are longing to 

haII8 a family. They need your special 
HELP. 

II you arw healthy and ba_n 
19-30 yrs old. 

Compen .. llon is heartily given for 
your time and effort-$3000 plu. 

$150 lor t,. ... 1 .xpen .... 
Please call 

IJI£JITlUE CCIICEP1l00. me. 
1-888-1111-£888 

C rTl,lil CClncEqqs J. AO L com 
~·.('b sl l e Cr('l.ltlvcCOnCf'ptlon net 

Summer Sublet, condo, house, or apt. , 
2 or 3 ~ropm, UTC or La Jolla area, 
responsible, professional. (760) 353-
8861 . (4/1-28) 
GERMAN native speakers paid $1 0 for 
30 min. reaction time experiment. 
Please contact Vikki at 534:8816 
(v.bouck@psy.ucsd.edu)fordetails. (41 
5-22) 

(ure spring 'ever 
with a cold shower 
Splash into the foslesf, wildes! rapids of 

r' the year on the Kern. Through May -15, 
you and a bootlood of friends can 
escape for a day of rafting for iust $300 
weekdays, or $400 -,kends (lI)oI's for 
each boolload of up to six peopIel. Call 
1-800-323-4234 and ask for Ihe 

'" 6ootIood deal and wrap up the term with 
a cool head. 

LONDON $358 ~us tax 
.. HoteII based on twin - pint starting at $35 
• AIrport ..... to city hotel $23 
......... - hopon/olf $17 
• Landon TnMI Cent - 3 days $22 
• e-ted Dey '- Ind. c:hrVc~ $89 

$39 
$79 

• IIIIIraII .-- ,.,utI! $ slarlirC at $185 

• car Rem.Is based on 3 d8\' mOl. p/dat 
• furaatar IAN .......... youth'" 

EUROPE ON SALE 
Other Sample Far.s: 
PARIS $448 

$508 
FRANKFURT $428 
Some ... 8XI*trW 23 APR 99 
for clel*turea thru 30 APR; 
.. ,..., IIII'It 

Travel 
ClEE: Council on ........... _. 
InleMIIIIJonai 
Educatlonal Exc:ha .. e 

UCSD Price Center 
email: CouncllLaJoilaOclee.org 

(819) 452-0830 

CLASSIFIEDS 21 

DO YOU EXPERIENCE AN per hour. Fordetails, please contact Greg 
ASSOCIATION BETWEEN A"en at 551 -7927 x235. (4/22-513) 
NUMBERS, LETTERS, AND 
COLORS? You might have 
synesthesia! The Brain & Perception 
lab of Prof. Ramachandran is seeking 
individuals who experience color 
synesthesia. If so, please contact us 
at: 534-7907(4/8:29) 

Send pidure & iiiifl1l. 
AprI24 to Foundation 

1502 N. Gardner Sf. 
. Los CA 90046 

WANTED : 3 BEDROOM 
APARTMEN T, CONDO, OR 
TOWNHOUSE TO RENT OR LEASE 
IN SEPTEMBER FOR THE 1999-2000 
SCHOOL YEAR. Preferably something 
in UCSDIUTC area and near bus Imes. 
Call Melody or Liana at 455-7827. (4/8-
6/3) 
Participants wanted for applied 
psychology experiments. Eam $30 for 
partiCipating as an experimental 
observer for two hours. Experiments 
involve viewing information on 
computer displays and making 
perceptual decisions about what you 
saw. Contact Heather at (619) 535-
1661 for details. (4/22-26) 
The Laboratory for Research on the 
Neuroscience of Autism of Children'S 

SERVICES 
NEED A TUTOR? SUCCESS Tutoring 
Services. Hundreds of tutors available 
for all subjects, reasonable rates (619) 
51-TUTOR (619)518-8867 http:// 
welcome.toltutor (3/8-4/26) 

r----------., 
I 
1 
1 
I 
1 
1 
I 
1 
1 
1 57t6 1I.,.mar Rd. 
1 (Behind Unocal 76 Station) 
1455-1120 • Jl.Sat. e-5pm, Sun. hn\-4pm 

~lOFF~1shl 
1 Extra charge for 1 
1 oversized vehicles. 1 

-----------~ Passport Photos, $6.95. Color Copies, 
75¢, with ID. CAL COPY (619) 452-
9949. La Jo"a Village Square. (next to 
Tower Records). (4/19-613) 
Romance 101 : Write for free info. 
Romance 101 , 502 Scholar CI. 
Edgewood, MD. 21040. (4/22) 

LOST & FOUND 
Missing : Compaq 1235 laptop 
computer from Black Ha"l Warren 
Apartments on Sunday, March 7th. 
Reward for its return or information 
leading to its return. Call 455-7827 or 
e-mail: Stars91913@aol.com (4/12-61 
3) 

PERSONALS 
Hospital Research Center is recruiting Damn the Education Abroad Program 
healthy adult male volunteers for our Office for taking away my becca for a 
studies. Participants will be paid $10.00 whole entire year. I miss her. (4/19) 

Travel & Make $$$ 
Teach English Abroad!!! 

ESL International offers an intensive TESL (Teaching 
English as a Second Language) Certificate program: 1 
mo. FT, 3 mo. PT, or via correspondence. Our graduates 
are working in North America and around the world! 
Free job placement assistance is available 
to program graduates who have 
completed a degree. 

Call Toll Free: 
1-888-872·1236 for info, 

Verslty.com Inc. (www.versity.com) . is an Internet startup company 
offering free class lecture notes, local content, contests and other cool 
services to college students - all for tree I Get excited - we're coming to 
your school this fall! 

We are hiring an entrepreneurial 
undergrad to manage our on-line 

notetaking service locally. 
If you're highly motivated, bUSiness-oriented, and want to get involved 
with something big, you'd be perfect for this opportunity! Compensation 
is excellent, please apply for detailsl Positions are filling up quickly, 
apply todayl 

Email: jobs@versity.com 
Fax: 734.483.8460 
Phone: 734.483.1600 x8B8 



j 
\ 

I 
. / 

22 SPORTS The. UCSD Guardian Thursday, April 22, 1999 

Tritons Go Division 
PUUTIN' ON THE RITZ:.Cal/Nevada m~et will include Division I giants 

.a; ......... :a;r: 
Revelle Seniors 

DEAD~INE 
EXTENDED! 

If y ou still w ant 
t o b e student 

eommenee me nt 
speaker ••• -

App lications a nd speech es DUE: 
MONDAY~ April 26~ 4 :30pm 

@ Revelle Dean 's Office 
AUDITIONS: April 29, 5-7pm 

q u estions: m go @ucsd.edu 

IlII 

By Travis Hili 
Associate Sports Editor 

Carrot Top is coming here on 
Friday to perfoml his comedy act. 

Right. Or how about a preview 
of the 2000 Olympic in Sydney, 
Australia right here at UCSD7 

Beginning this Friday 
afternoon at 2 p.m., 
UCSD will play host 
to the 1999 
Californi a/Nevada 
Track and Field 
Championships. There will 
be a slew of the nation 's top ath-
letes participating in perhap the 
biggest intercollegiate track meet 
ever in San Diego. There will be an 
array of past, present and future 
Olympians in attendance through-
out the weekend at Triton Track 
and Field Stadium. 

All of the top sc hools in 
California and Nevada will be 
sending full delegations, including 
UCLA (last year's women 's cham-
pion), Fresno ' State (last year's 
men 's champion), Cal , USC, 
Stanford, UNLV, Long Beach 
State and Cal Poly San Luis 
Obispo. 

A great majority of the top dis-
cus throwers in the world will kick 
off the weekend on Friday with an 
elite discus competition. This con-
test is not for collegiate athletes -
it is strictly for professionals. John 
Godina, who was ranked No. I in 
the world in shot put and No. 3 in 
the discus in 1998, headlines the 
event. He will be challenged by the 
port's other heavyweights, Ian 

Waltz, Doug Reynolds and Casey 
Malone. 

These are names to remember, 
as they will no doubt make a splash 
at the track in Sydney next summer. 

The future stars of track and 
field will begin their competition-
on Saturday at 9 a.m. On Sunday, 
the ball will get rolling at 10 a.m. 
Events will run throughout both 
days. The top ·36 athletes in each 
event qualify to compete in the 
two-day meet. 

Tickets for students wi II be $3 
per day. General admission tickets 
are $7 per day or $10 for a two-day 
pass. If you have a Guardian sports 
press pass, however, you get in 

COSTA VERDE 
CENTER 

8650 GENESEE AVE, STE, 220 

free. 
Men'. Prevl.w 

In the men's division, it's pretty 
much a guarantee that UCSD will 
not win. However, it will compete, 

and it might play a spoiler 
role in some important 
event s. Surprisingly, the 

Tritons are favored to win 
one event, the 5,000 
meters . Triton long-
di stance speciali st 

James Nielsen is the 
I seed going into the 

race. In . the shot put, UCLA is 
heavily favored, but UCSD's Malt 
Seefeld fini shed seventh last year 
and is planning on doing even bet-
ter on hi s home soil. . 

As for how the overall results 
might play out, it is most likely 
going to be a photo-finish . Fresno 
State is the defending champion 
and it will bring a strong contingent 
bent on repeating. It is particularly 
strong in the sprint and hurdle 
events. 

The Bulldogs will be seriously 
challenged, however, by UCLA. 
The Bruin won this meet in 1996 
and '97, and with powerful throw-
ing and distance units, they wfl l be 
looking to bring a third crown back 
to Westwood. 

Another team to be on the look 
out for is the Cal Bears. The boys 
from Berkeley have put together an 
impressive string of top-five finish-
es in earlier meets and they will 
contend. 

Looking for a darkhorse? The 
USC Trojans will be making their 
return to the CalINevada meet, as 
they have been absent in recent 
years. The Trojans might be able to 
do some damage with their produc-
tive group of throwers. 

As far as individual athletes to 
watch, Fresno State's Mike Ward, 
the 1998 CallNevada Track Athlete 
of the Meet, is back. He pulled off 
the Michael Johnson-esque double 
last year, winning both the 200 and 
400 meters. However, CSU 
Bakersfield's Robert Kyle is also 
back. He finished second in the 200 
and 400 meters in last year's com-
petition. 

As usual, the feature event will 
be the 100 meter dash, which was a 

F ASIDON VALLEY 
CENTER 

NEAR SAKS FIfTH AVENUE 
(6 19)452·7374 (6 19)295·0537 

to Blue, Green, Hazel 

OLORED 
CONTACTS 

FreshLook Colors with purchase of 2 boxes 
of clear FreshLook disposables. 

EXTENDED WEAR DISPOSABLE LENSES 

$99** $129** 
100 PAIRS P LUS EXAM 2PAIR B&LFW COMPLETE $229 ~:MPLETE •• Alllpe<iall include lenlel, exam, eYIKare ~ i t and fallow up viIi!. Altlgmatic len leI higher. Not valid with any other off.r. off." expire 6/30/99. 

wash last year for the favorite, Cal 
Poly SLO's Kaaron Conwright. In 
'98, he set a meet record in the pre-
lims with a sizzling 10.27. But he 
came up lame with an injury and 
could not compete in the final s. 
Conwright is also se~ed No. 2 in 
the 200 this year. Other competitors 
for this year's 100 meter crown are 
Fresno State's dynamic duo of E.J. 
Jackson and Duante Brooks and 
Jason Manly of Cal. 
w..m.'.Pr. vlew 

Much like the men's side, the 
UCSD women are not expected to 
win the meet. However, with 
strong units in the distance races 
and the field events, don 't be sur-
prised if the Tritons make one of 
the favorites go home very unhap-
py. 

As far as the favorites, UCLA is 
the top dog. It is seeking its second 
straight crown, which will be its 
fifth championship in the six-year 
history of the CallNevada event. 
The Bruins will come to La Jolla 
with the top perfonnance of the 
year in nine different events and 
have tremendous depth at every 
event. 

However, 1998 runner-up 
Fresno State will bring another 
strong contingent to UCSD. It will 
try to pick up points with its sprint-
ers, as well as in field events like 
the pole vault. 

Rounding out the rest of the top 
five favorites are Stanford, Long 
Beach State and San Diego State. 
The Cardinal appear to be a quick 
unit in '99, as it is expecting to 
have strong showings in the 400 
meters and the high jump. The 
4gers are a well-rounded squad that 
has the ability to score points in 
nearly every event. The cross-town 
rival Aztecs are another squad built 
on speed. They will rely on their 
legs to get big points. 

The Aztecs will feature last 
year's top perfonner as Miesha 
McKelvy will return to defend her 
title as Track Athlete of the Meet in 
'98. Last year she set a meet record 
in the 100 hurdles and took third in 
the 200 and fifth in the 100. Angela 
Daigle of Fresno State will be look-
ing to take McKelvy's crown this 

See TRACK, Page 18 

GUARdiAN 
Call 

534-3466 
for info and to 

RE ERVE PACE 

Thursday, April 22, 1999 The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 23 

, . , I I 

. , ""-' '." I I 
: ' II ; I I ' 

finish the ICOrina 1132·3, 
''We lIlIDIIed to pllY our best game of 

In its quest for a second straight nation- the year thus far for lOday," Coach TIm 
al c:bampionship. the UCSD men's rugby "Pumpkin" O'Hara said. "We matched 
team plowed through another would·be . [Westmont's] intensity and commitment in 
chaUenger, Westmont CoUege, emerging the first part of the match and wore them 
with a score of 32·3 in the Southern down with our pressure," 
California Collegiate semifinals. UNLV - - John Maynard 
the winner of another semifinal in Santa 
Barbara - was mercifully spared a beat-
ing by the mighty UCSD 
ruggers when the final 
was canceled due to rain. 
UCSD will now advance 
to the national champi-
onships in Cincinnati, 
Ohio, to be held April 23-
2S, Because of its domi-
nating performances all 
season, the team has been 
awarded a top·seed in the 
tournament, and will face 
eighth-seeded Auburn in 
the first round. 

The match agams. Westmont displayed 
the ways that UCSD has played all year: 
fut and furious. Hassling Westmont with 
their pressure defense. UCSD caused 
many fmt·half turnovers. which eventual-
ly led to scores, 

UCSD's first try came in the tenth 
minute when lock forward Anthony 
"Pretty Tony" Amerio crashed across the 
Westmont line for a 5-0 lead. Seven min. 
utes later, feUow lock Bobby '1ce" Carrara 
scored, as well, Scrurnhalf Giac 
CcIIIIiafieri ICOI'ed the conversion, gi ving 
UCSD 112-0 victory. 

WeIImoat's only score of the game 
came II this point on a penalty kick, but 
UCSD qaictIy retaIiIIcd as winger Ward 

~ :willey firocIl pus to fuJJb8ck 
DImJb,-.......... Oarb,' who gave the 
defeading champs 1 J7·3 halftime lead. 

UCSD kept up witb the defensive pres-
sure in the. second half, and Westmont 
could not-eompele. Capitalizing on anoth-
er WaImont tumDva; captain and n.nJcer 
BriaD Kenaedy _.JuIio Duena for the 
try IDd 1 22-3 lead. Watmont new:Ir came 
oIoIe apiD. end UCSD added hUO late trys 
by CoaI1ney "PB" OeigJe and Willey to 

COLUMN: 
Rookie writer takes his 
first stab at the big-time 
Contln • • d "... ..... 24 

The Dodgers have signed a lot of big deals 
under the new Rupert Murdoch epoch of Los 
Angeles sports - Kevin Brown got the 
largest wad of cash at $105 million. Then 
there's Devon White, who has proved himself 
already with a couple big homers in the dawn 
of the '99 season - but so did Rodman when 
he was first recruited back in' March, Granted, 
the Dodgers have been known to build from 
the fann system upward, but Fox TV and 
Hollywood will digest that image soon - I 
am sure ofil. 

It is only a matter of time until the Dodger 
lineup, which once included heroes from its 

WEEKEND: 
Big weekend includes a 
historic track meet 
ContInued frOlll ..... 24 

~ournament which will be held in 
Canyon view Pool this weekend. The tourney 
will begin on Friday and go thro~gh Sunday. 

Every other Triton team will also be on the 
road this weekend. The adventure starts today, 
as the softball squad travels across town to 
face off against the Toreros of USD. The 
Triton golfers will take to the course this 
afternoon against the University of Redlands 
on the Bulldogs' home track. 

With a temperature 
just under 80 degrees 
and only a hint of a 
breeze, the UCSD water 
ski team took the inau-
gural Pacific Conference 
of the Western 
Collegiate Water Ski 
Association Tournament 
by atorm lISt Saturday 
and Sunday, 

The contest, held at 
Imperial Lakes near EI Centro, Calif., 
brought together more than 60 skiers 
from eight schools in California and 
Arizona. Among these eight schools, the 
UCSD water ski team finished second 
place overall, Arizona State University 
(ASU), a perennial powerhouse, took top 
honors. 

Outstanding individual performances 
from UCSD's Nikki Kennedy. Bret 
FoItenberry and Kalon Monis helped push 
the La Jolla squad to the upper tier, 

Kennedy's tenacity and fearless efforts 
in the jump event landed her the gold in 
the women's lmIc:bt, muting her first 
career wiD in the event. Kennedy then 
went Oil to hold her own in the slalom, tak· 
ing home second place bCmnd UC Santa 
)Iad,.a'. KiJIp"tlloynoWlb. . 

FodeIIberry and Morris kept house in 
their divilions. IS well. The two finished 
fifth IIId seventb respectively in the 
slalom. en route to securinS 1 third place 
overeD finish for the men's team. ASU's 
Marcus Hayward was tho undisputed con-
fereace cbampioD - the Sun Devil fresh.. 
aaa .... aU three events for the'overall 
ClOWn. 

AAA fann team in Albuquerque, will be a 
mimesis of patchwork like the '97 Marlins_ 
What does it meanAf big spenders in front 
offices splurge to acquire free agents and 
essentially buy a championship? . 

I like to see untoreseen chemistry win 
championships, like the '88 Dodgers, who 
nearly had their October and season MVP Kirk 
Gibson quit the team early in spring training 
that year, only to remain aboard. The team then 
went on to win the crown with inexpensive no-
names like Jeff Hamilton and John Shelby. 

I am a skeptic of my favorite teams 
through and through, most likely as a result of 
somehow falling in love with the Raiders' 
when they were in LA. I've seen my share of 
mid- and late-season collapses with the 
Raiders now and with the Dodgers in the mid-
'90s. But at least someone wasn't payin' an 
ann and a leg for those bums. 

On Friday, in addition to the aforemen-
tioned events here on campus, there is one 
other Triton event scheduled. The men 's ten-
nis unit will be in Ojai, Calif., for th~ Ojai 
Tournament, one of the largest tennis tourna-
ments on the West Coast. 

On Saturday, the Triton hardballers will 
take the diamond at the Menlo College for a 
weekend double-dip with the Oaks. AI 0 on 
Saturday, our women's crew squadron will 
take to the waters of Marina Del Rey as it tries 
to take home the Miller Cup. 

Finally, the last event on the docket i 
Sunday's Newport Regatta in Newport Beach, 
Calif. This will be a showcase for the Triton 
men's Crew team. 

ueSD 1M's Goes Back 10 the Future ... 
Kickball Debuts Last Friday 

Who would have thougntthe hottest new sport for Spring Ouarter woutd be something we alileamed to 
play 10 or 15 years ago? Hey, we're just trying to recall those simpler days when big problems were things 
like keeping your shoes tied, negotiating trades for the latest action heroes and making sure mom picked 
you up on time. . 

Everyone loved to play kickball on the schoolyard and it tums out that urge doesn't leave just because 
you're a cool college cat. 1M Kickball rolled into action last Friday with all the hoopla befitting a grand 
opening. There are leagues on both Friday aftemoons and Sunday momings, with room to expand if you 
missed the initial sign·up period. 

The featured game on opening day was the battle between the INFAMOUS· PUT OUTS and the BIG 
BALLERS. The new era in tM Sports got under way when Chris Craun rolled the first pitch toward the plate. 
Waiting with the weight of the sports world on his shoulders was UCSD Basketball Coach Dave Dillon. 
Double 0 was ready to make history one way or another, Would he be the first Charlie Brown (strikeout)? 
Would he be the first to reach base safely? Would he go down in history as the first out? He later described 
it as a life changing experience. 

Dave commented, "t felt as though t was in a slow motion Baywatch like scene." DO came through! He 
slapped a solid single to left. 

Jessica Cordova grabbed her little piece of history by scoring tne first run while Ahmad Russ wi ll always 
be known for committing the first error (well, it was really the first 2 errors). Ahmad also gunned down the 
first runner mid-stride and brought the crowd to their feet when he nailed a runner right in front of home plate 
to get a 3'" out and save a run. 

Somewhat lost in all the fun was the score. The INFAMOUS PUT-OUTS went on to win 18-1. BIG 
BALLERS Captain Mike Santos took the loss in stride. "Va, we got killed, but we had so much fun . We can't 
wait to play next week," Santos and his teammates gushed after losing their opener. 

Boolner's Dirty Thirty (Intramural Softball Rankings) 
T .. m 
MEN'S AM 
1 Siphulus (2.o) 
2 Knights (1·0) 
3 Team Fiji (2.o) 
4 Longhorns (().()) 
5 DSP(I-0) 
MEN'SM 
1 Pigbodies (2-0) 
2 Drivin' It Deep (2·0) 
3 Fat Stix (2-0) 
4 Chico's Bail Bonds (1-0) 
5 Guilty Party. 5 (1-0) 
MEN'S A 
1 Boot 'n Sandbag (2.o) 
2 Vulvalcious (2.o) 
3 Dial 911 (2-0) 
4 Chan Ho's Bros (1-0) 
5 Freq~nt Friars (1-0) 
COEOAA 
1 Hooters (2.o) 
2 Blue Balls (t -0) 
3 Infamous Big Pimpin' (1-0) 
4 Jobu (1 -0) 
5 Clip My Longhorns (1.o) 
COEOA . 
1 Tldal Waves (2-0) 
2 Storm Troopers (2-0) 
3 TICkle Me Eleanor (2-0) 
4 Hot Summer Nights (1.o) 
5 UCSD Catering (2.o) 
WOMEN'SM 
1 Cowlicks (1.o) 
2 Monchichis (2.o) 
3 Socca Girls (0-1) 
4 Work It Girls (0-1 ) 
5 Complication (0-1) 

Comment. 

Took out No. 1 ... should be clear until May 9 
Busted Sigma Chi 21-5, looking for respect 
Defense, pitching can win games gatore 
False started with 31-2 win vs. overmatched 
Get tested against AA opponent moving up 

Beautiful group still oinking away at the top 
Match up with Piggies this Sun at 4pm I Muir Fid 
Winning the close ones, but will be tested again Sun. 
May have all the bases covered in this division 
Not sure about this group just yet . 
Mavin' up by defaun, but still may be the top dog 
Big bats are on fire ... a win this week will prove worth 
Beat early season No.1 . but ifs a long season 
Big win in big game ... sets up big profile for future 
Solid in opener .. . Iooking to back it up 

Too big to handle so far ... averaging 4 TDs a game 
Win be bustin' as soon as we get to May 
As usual ... aJl smack ... no bats, no gloves, no game 
Interesting club ... could contend 
Broke from the gate well, but jockey is ??? 
Still solid, still big, still going strong 
Back to earth after 31 runner in opener 
Cute club with cute infield and cute team name 
Ouch!. Coof these dynamos oft right now! 
Everyone gets 15 min. of fame ... here·s yoursl 

Finally a team to chaJtenge Monchichis 
Battle of the best in Women's Softball this Sun. 
Toughed it against No. 2 ... wilt get better 
Big chance to get first win this weekend 
Get the weekend oft ... will need ~ after last one 

Fiona'. Floating Fanatics 
The Natatorium is alive once again with the sounds and action of Coed Tube-Polo. At one time this 

sport was one of the most popular Intramural offerings with over 160 teams playing every year. Afte.r seeing 
the popularity sfide over the past 3 years, it was refreshing to see an upturn in participation this quarter. 
Now, there are even a couple teams on a wa~ing list anxious to find a spot so they can get in and splash it 
up. 

Here are Fiona's rankings of the top 5 in each division. Oh, and don't forget that toumament style Tube-
Polo will be part of the Sun God Sports Festival this year for the first time. 

Ranklteemlrecord 
CoedAA 
1. Sparticus 1.o 
2. In Your Eyeball 1-0 
3. MI Kasa 1-0 
4. Saa Monkeys II 1.o 
5. Shrinkage 1-0 
Coed A 
1. Saa Dragons 1·0 
2. Pimp Dome 1·0 
3. Giatdia 1.o 
4. Wet 'n Wild Seamen 0-0 
5. Almond Joy 1-0 

comment 

On top until someone beats 'em 
Doubled up on the Deadly Jellies 
Baywatch crew gets W 1 on May 16 
Squeezed out first win 
Can they get Sparticus on Sunday? 

Always lurking in the murky waters 
22 pt win says. 'move'n on up .. ." 
Impressive fillit outing. tough schedule ahead 
Bad attitude will unravel this crew along the way 
Won tough opener. tonight might be different 

Graphics by John Barber 

-



" 

\ 
1 
I 

24 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian 

.,., ........ 

... ,-,.. /IIIIt_'t_-
,.",.,.." ..... 
....... ....", 
..... 

- Do' Coach PO TS 
Gigante 
Hombre 
Brian Welles 
The Musings of a 
Concerned Fail 

For my inaugural piece as a 
columnist on the Gllardian 
sports crew, I'd like to address 
the issue of Los Angeles sports 
- or as I will hopefully convey 
to you - the lack thereor. 

For those of you who are 
astute enough to go out to Earl's 
Place (or some other remote out-
post for purchasing quality news-
papers) and read the Los Angeles 
TImes' sports section as opposed 
to the Unioll-Tribunes, you might • 
have read Bill Plaschke's exposi-
tion on LA sports. Well, now let 
me give you mine. I'm heartbro-
ken - already. 

As J was si tting on La 10lla 
shores on Saturday with some 
friends, contemplating returning 
to my hometown of Los 
Angele this summer, I realized 
that there is nothing to look for-
ward to in the way of sports. If 
past behavior is any indicator of 
future behavior, 1 predict that 
what is happening to the Lakers 
this season will also happen to 
the Dodgers this season. We 
will see the disappointing 
results of patchwork. 

Glen Rice. Dennis Rodman 
and Derek Harper were mere 
patches to cover up the fact that 
the Lakers couldn't win a cham-
pion hip without a homr·grown 
solid foundation, which should 
have included the future nurtur-
ing of Eddie Jones, ick Van 
Exel and Elden Campbell. 
These latter three "Lakers" were 
around when I was still in high 
school - which is alright fo r 
me considering the way profes-
sional athletes are being 
swapped around these days. 

Rambis' dropping of 
Rodman which, given 
Rodman's persona, people 
might compare to a school kid 
getting sent home for being late, 
was the removal of a patch that 
exposed an ugly wound in the 
Lakers' defense. We saw the 
absence of the patch in Utah's 
domination over Los Angeles 
last Sunday in Salt Lake City, 
when Rodman 's absence 
allowed Stockton and Malone to 
pick-and-roll and beat up on the 
Lakers to the point where NBC 
commentators were engaging in 
lengthy scrutiny of Los 

ngeles' future. 
That future of winning a 

championship trophy for this 
season is now hanging by a 
Laker-gold jersey fragment of 
material that is as threadbare as 
one of Jerry West's old pairs of 
game shorts. 

1 view the si tuation at 
Chavez Ravine as not as bad 
but, along the same lines. The 
Dodgers will end up disappoint-
ingme. 

See COLUMN, Page 23 

Triton Schedule Chock Full 
HUGE WEEKEND: Eight different sports will be teeing it up this weekend 
By Travis Hili 
Associate Sports Editor 

Springtime has come here at 
UCSD, and with it the joys of 
warm, sunny days [Editor's Note: 
because this is the Coach's lead, do 
not be surprised if there is a record-
setting rainfall today]. People are 
getting tans, barbecuing and most 
likely playing a sport of some kind. 

Why a sport? Because seeming-
ly half of UCSD's population will 
be competing for the Tritons this 

weekend. The chedulc for this 
weekend is tremendous, as eight 
different intercollegiate sports will 
be in action. 

Here in j..a 101la, UCSD will 
play host to two major events. The 
first is the 1999 CalifornialNevada 
Track and Field Championships. 
This meet is perhaps the largest of 
its kind ever in San Diego. Hosting 
it is a tremendous honor for the 
Triton athletic program and a salute 
to its top-notch facilities. All of 

California . and Nevada's top 
schools will be in attendance this 
weekend, including Fresno State, 
UCLA, USC, Stanford, Cal and 
UNLV. The event will open tomor-
row at 2 p.m. with the elite discus 
competition, which will include a 
throng of past and future 
Olympians. 

The other big event is the 
women's water polo Western 
Qualifications Southern Section 

See ....... , Page 23 

Thursday, April 22, 1999 

WheII: Friday, 2 p.m. 
through Sunday 
..... : Triton Track & 
Field Stadium 
WIIr. This is perhaps the 
biggest intercollegiate 
meet ever in San Diego. 
Plus It'll be sunnyl 
See Page 22 for lTIore Info. 


