
Elsewhere 
PrInceton Holds 
Nude Olympics 
PRINCETON. N.J . - Ovcr 
350 nude runners and 700 
spe(;tators turned out for the 
Prin(;eton University's Nude 
Olympi(;s last Friday. 
Princcton First Aid and 
Rescuc and Public Safcty 
said that there was an 
inncase in thc numher of 
studcnt injurics . Six studcnts 
werc transportcd to Prin(;cton 
Medical Center for scvcre 
alcohol poisoning and anoth-
er student was treated for a 
la(;eration ovcr his eye. 
Sophomore males ki(;ked off 
the event with a game of 
nude Frisbee at II : 15 p.m. 
Latcr, the university band 
marched into the courtyard 
wearing only hats and orange 
plaid hlazcrs . 

- Daily Prillcetollia" 

Form.r Student 
PI •• a_gains 
NEW HAVEN, Conn. -
Toni(;a Jenkins, a formcr Yalc 
graduate studcnt , has until 
Jan . 14 to a(;(;cpt a pIca har-
gain that would allow her to 
avoid a trial and jailtimc. 
Jenkins was (;harged with 
second-degree forgery. lar(;c-
ny, escape and two (;ounts of 
failure to appear in (;Ourt for 
trying to chcat her way into 
Yale . Jenkins gaincd entry 
into the program by submit-
ting false tca(;her re(;ommen-
dations and forging tran-
scripts that showed she 
earned straight A's at 
Cuyahoga Community 
College and Central State 
University in Ohio. At the 
time of her arrest, Jenkins 
allegedly es(;aped from thc 
police by claiming that she 
was kidnapped by a man in a 
storc parking lo\. 

- Yale Daily News 

Hlgb DeIlUllld for 
Ivy Le .... Eggs 
HANOVER, N.H. - The 
director of the Options 
National Fertility Registry -
the company whose ads 
offering thousands of dollars 
for egg donation appear in 
college newspapers across 
the country - said that the 
company has received special 
requests from customers 
looking speciti(;ally for eggs 
from Ivy League women. 
Often, prospective re(;ipients 
offer extra compensation for 
students from top universi-
ties. One advertisement that 
ran in The Dartmouth last 
term offered $25,000 for a 
donor's eggs. The typical fee 
for a female egg donor runs 
between $3,500 and $5,000. 

- The Dartmouth 

Spoken ••• 
"The institutions of 
higher education have 
a mission and desire to 
see underrepresented 
minorities succeed." 

- Dr. LMen ThompIon 
Assistant Vice Chancellor, 

Student Educational Advancement 
See story at right 

Internet: www.ucsd.edu/iuardian 
E-mail: lUarrJianflucsd.edu 

.~ Dancing Drama 
Choreographer and director Joe Goode 
addresses contemporary isslles in his modem 
musical perfonnance titled "Deeply There " 

Hiatus, page 7 

, H E 

Greek Life 
Sororities and 
fraternities enhance the 
campus environment 

Opinion, page 4 

Game On 
Men's tennis opens its 
'99 campaign with a 
game against Pomona 

Sports, page 15 

UC SAN DIEGO THURSDAY, JANUARY 14, 1999 VOLUME 96, ISSUE 4 

SAVE DAVE! Day' UCSD Astronomer 
Questions Distance 
of Quasars 
EVIDENCE: Astrological 
phenomena previously used to 
study properties of the universe 
By Jennifer Grady 
Staff Writer 

UCSD Profe~sor of Astronomy Margan:t 
Burbidge announced last Wednesday that new 
data might prove (;onventional views of a~tro­
nomical phenomena known as quasars to he 
incorre(;l. Burbidge presented fa(;t~ that suggest a 
group of quasars aligned with galaxy GC 1068 
arc much c10scr to Earth than previously believed 
in the Jan. 6 meeting of the 193rd Amcri(;an 
Astronomical Socicty in Austin, Texas. 

• Quasars. discovercd only 33 years ago. are a 
number of distant celestial objects that resemble 
stars hut emit radio waves. as well as a very 
strong light. Since their di scovery, sl.:ientists have 
widely accepted the idea that quasars could he 
used as cosmological tools to study the proper-
ties of the universe. 

Because quasars arc thought to bc great di s-
tan(;es from Earth, astronomers have also viewed 
them as the key to understanding the history of 
our expanding universe. 

The study, which will be published in the Jan. 
20 edition of rhe Astrophysical JOLlmal Letters, 
provides evidence that the quasars aligned with 
galaxy NGC 1068 are physically associated with 
this galaxy, and it appears as though they have 
been ejected from it like cannonballs. Burbidge 
said that this fact is significant in cosmological 
investigations. 

"This paper provides evidence that quasars 
are not at great distances from us, and thus can-
not be used for cosmological investigations," 
Burbidge said . 

Burbidge, a UCSD faculty member since 
1962 and a member of the Center for 
Astrophysics and Space Sciences at UCSD, has 
been studying the various spectra of galaxies, 
stars and quasars for morc than SO years. 

Dave Lubitz/ Guardian 
F....tIc: UCSD men's basketball assistant coach David Dillion pitched a tent on the 
roof of RIMAC Arena on Friday and said he will remain there until UCSD breaks the 
single-game attendance record for basketball. The biggest crowd ever to attend a 

She conducted the study with data from the 
Link Observatory outside San Jose, Calif. She 
studied thc group of quasars aligned across and 
around NGC 1068, a bright galaxy, which is rel -
atively close at 30 million light years away. 

UCSD basketball game numbered 2,100. For more on this story, see page 15. See UNIVERSE, Page 3 

UCSD Names Assistant Vice Chancellor 
ADMINISTUnON: 
Loren Thompson says he 
will work on student 
outreach and recruitment 
Byl..MM ....... 
News Editor 

• Dr. Loren Thompson, a man 
who said he sees UCSD as an insti-
tution of unique vision and great 

pot~ntial, wall appointed Il$sistant 

vice chancellor of student educa-
tional advancement last week. He 
will primarily work with furthering 
students' academic skills and 
achievements through both under-
graduate and high school outreach 
programs. 

'1'he central theme of my clus-
ter of the administration is early 
outreach programs," Thompson 
said. "I was very allracted to this 

p~rlicular program under student 

affairs." 
He said that he especially likes 

the fact that UCSD nurtures stu-
dents not only in their undergradu-
ate years, but also tries to reach out 
to high schools in the local San 
Diego community. 

"S.O.A.P. (California Student 
Opportunity and Access Project) is 
a consortium of public high schools 
and UCSD, which provides stu-
dents with as much assistance as 

possible so they can be prepared to 
go to college," Thompson said. 
"Once students are enrolled , 
O.A.S.I.S . (Office of Academic 
Support and Instructional Services) 
helps them to succeed ... the 
Academic Enrichment Program 
encourages students to go on to 
graduate programs." 

'This continuum and this school 
are very advanced and have a lot of 

See IDUCATION, Page 3 



2 NEWS 

UCSD EVENTS 
Thursday 
Films: Anime Fest '99 

Enjoy this visual treat at 5 p.m. in Price Center Ballrooms A and B. For 
mon: information, call 643-0001. 

Music: Percussion RecitaL 
Vanessa Tomlinson. a percussion soloist, will perform her recent works 

at 8 p.m. in Recital Hall at Mandeville Center. Admission for students is 
$3. For more information. (;all 534-4100. 

Price Center FiLm Series: CLockwork Orange 
Catch this flick about Alex, a violent juvenilc in futuristit.: Britain, who 

submits to l:Onlroversial experiments while in prison. The movie will show 
at 7 p.m. and 10 p.m. in the Pri(;e Center Theatre. Admission is $2 for stu-
dents. For more information, (;all 822-206H. 

Frida 
Music: St. Lawrence String Quartet 

This Canadian-hased string quartet will perform at 8 p.m. in the 
Mandeville Auditorium. Admission is $10 for students and $20 for the 
general puhlil:. For more information. call 534-4090. 

Saturda 
Event: Martin Luther King, ir. Parade 

All students an: invited to join in the the 19th Annual Martin Luther 
King, Jr. Parade: ··Freedom Through Education:' Thi, year will mark the 
10th year of the univclsll y"S participation in thi , community evcnt. Two 
huse, haw heen provided for those needing tramportatlOn. The huses will 
depart fro lll the Sun God area ;11 8:30 a.lll . and will return at I :30 p.m. For 
mor\! information, call 53<l -0643. 

Sports: Men 's Rugby 
Support the Triton\ it> they play Cal Tech at I p.m. on the Warren East 

and West Fidd, . For more information. call 534-8085. 

Sports: Women's Basketball 
Walch as UCSD faces off againsl Colorado ~ollcge al 6 p.m. in RIMAe 

Arena. Admission for students is free. For more infonnation. call 534-4211 . 

CWD Film Series: BerkeLey In The '60s 
Enjoy this documentary ahout the 'atmosphere of Berkeley in the 

activist cra at 7 p.m. in Solis Hall room 107. For more infonnation, call 
534-4873. 

GUARDIAN 
WALT DICKINSON 

Editor in Chid 
JUUA KULLA-MADER • MEGAN SMITH 

Munugin.<I Editur; 
TAliTHA GRANSHAW • LAURA KNIGHTEN 

Copy b'ditors 
LEENA SHANKAR. ERIKA SIIID£R 

News Editors 
JESSICA SCHEPP MANN 

Feutur.,-, buitor 
MARC COMER 
()piniun Editor 
JEFF IARKER 

A.«udute OPliliun f.'dltor 
JAKE GORDON. JOHN MAYNARD 

Sports b'dit"'"' 

TRAVIS HILL 
Iw oc:iute Sports Editor 

UNDIAY SWORNI fiiutus Editor 
DAVID LEE 

Associate Hiatus Editor 
DAVE werTZ 
Photo Editor 

USA HUFF 
Associate Photo Editor 

JOHNIAIt8ER 
Graphics Editor 

NICK RUNCO 
CNsign Editor 

. _IlIU'FWMTIItS 
John Barber. ~teVe eoll. V,ncent Gragn .... n, Mary Hlllln$, laura IYIChlen, 

Dave l ubltz. Amam Manthiram. Jenny Nicholson. Mark Smith. Scott Yaler 
STAfF_lTD. 

BIll Burger. Karl Fnedman. N,lou Mastof " Chrlstme Pangan. JacOb Schechter. Eve Senuty 
ILWITRATOR. 

MIke Belle. Kris tine Chang. Austin HSla. Alice Lin, josephine Roberts . NtchoIas Runco 
DESIGNERS ChriS Moran. Karen Tran. Thomas Weng 

Wl8MAlTIJI Brian W,kner 
COMPUTIII .....,..,. David Glicksman 

ANN IARmELD 
Business Manu.Qi!r 

lROCK HALTER 
Adwrtising Manager 

MIKE MARTINEZ 
Adl'l!rti.<ing Art Virectur 

YVETTE ALCALA 
As.tistunt Business Munager 

JOENN 
Advertising (Je.«qn &' Layout 

_ ASIIITAIIT Melody Gonzo/es 
~ ASIIITAIITS 

Navld Ahpour. Jason Allen. PhilliP Goldman. Ethan levy. Molly MIChaelis. Jacob Meyt>et& 
ADVllmllNG DEIION • LAYOUT John 8arwr, Karl friedman . ClSey BUlienhuys 

The UCSD Guardian 15 publi shed Mondays and ThurSdays dunng the academic year by and fOf 
the students at UCSO. ReproductIon of thiS newspaper In any form. whether In whole or ~n 
pari. ",tflOut permiSSion IS .Wetly Ofohlbiled. C 1999. all "ChIS r .... -.ed. The UCSD G_cJI., 
IS not responSible fOl the return of unsohclted manuscriPts Of art. The ¥leWS expressed herein 
do not necesS8f1ty represent the OPlmons of The UCSD GuardrlJfl, the Unrverslty of Californta or 
the ASSOCiated Students. rhe UCSD Guard,an IS fuMed solely by _tI50nc. 
We knOw It was you Koala. You broke OU' heart •.. and our headlilht. 

News/ Fealures : 534·5226. General Editorial: 534-6581 
Opinion/Sports : 534-6582. Hiatus: 534-6583 
Advertising Office : 534-3466. Fax: 534·7691 

e·mall: lIuarrJlan4Ncsd.edu 
Guardran Online: hlllJ://www.ucsd.edu/ guardIBfl/ 

UCSD GuardIan, 9&00 Gllmen Drive 0318, 
La Jolla, CA 92093-0318 

Aclual location · Second Floor. UCSD Sludent Center BUlklinc .•.. Rm . 217 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, January 14, 1999 

LIFE IN HELL 

BRIEFLY ••• 

Many UCSD Grads Join Peace Corps 
Peace Corps Director Mark D. Gearan recently 

announced that UCSD is among the top 25 univers~ 
ties and colleges in the nation with graduates cur, 
rently serving as Peace Corps volunteers, 

UCSD has 42 graduates now serving abroad in 29 
countries in areas such as Cameroon, Zambia, 
Moldova and Ukraine. The average age of the UCSD 
volunteers in 26, although one volunteer is 64. Sixty 
percent of the volunteers are women, five percent are 
married and 93 percent are California residents. All 
participants hold bachelor or graduate degrees, 

A total of 495 UCSD graduates have served in the 
Peace Corps as volunteers since the program began 
1961. 

Currently, Peace Corps volunteers serve in 80 
countries, where they work to help fight hunger, bring 
clean water to communities, teach children, help start 
new small business and stop the spread of AIDS. 

UCSD Aw .... $2 Million for 
P-"IRIOn'. DI __ • ...-eII 

The National Institute of Neurological Disorders 
and Stroke has awarded the UCSD School of Medicine 
a $1.98 million grant to direct a national clinical trial 
on Parkinson's disease. 

Parkinson's disease is a progressively disabling 
neurological disorder marked by rigidity of the muscles, 
slowness of movement, tremors and a shuffling gait. 

Dr. Clifford Shults, a UCSD professor of neur~ 
sciences and chief of neurology with the Veteran's 
Affairs San Diego Healthcare System, is the principal 
investigator for the study. 

The three-year study will test the potential of a 
compound named coenzyme Q-I0 to slow the pr~ 
gression of the disease. Coenzyme Q-I0 is a natural 
part of the mitochondria - the parts of cells that pr~ 
duee energy for the body - and can eliminate certain 

toxins the body produces that may injure cells. 
The study is an outgrowth of laboratory and animal 

research conducted by the UCSD School of Medicine 
and Massachusetts General Hospital. This 18boratoJY 
research found a connection between impaired mit~ 
chondrial function and a corresponding deficit of Co-Q 
in patients with early Parkinson's disease. Through 
this research, scientists discovered that supplemen-
tal C~ reduced the damage to the dophaminerglc 
system, which is the part of the brain affected by 
Parkinson's disease. 

The Co-Q study will be carried out at 12 sites 
nationwide. UCSD will direct the study, but it will not 
be an enrolling site. 

Lecture on TechnoIo8 ..... 
·1IIoIIIedIc11 Informltlon 'IIIIndIIy 

Dr. D~d Korn, the senior vice president for bio-
medical research at the AsSOCiation of American 
Medical Colleges in Washington, D.C., will give a free 
public lecture on "Information Technology and the 
Privacy of Biomedical Information" tomorrow, Jan. 14, 
at 4 p.m. in the IRIPS Robinson Building Complex 
Auditorium. 

The talk is part of the 1999 Bioinformatics 
Speakers Series sponsored by the San Diego Science 
and Technology Council. 

Dr. Kom is a nationally recognized author and 
speaker on mlftters of health and science policy. He 
served as dean of the Stanford University School of 
Medicine from 1984 to 1995 and as vice president of 
Stanford University from 1986 to 1995. He is also the 
founder of the Callfomla Transplant Donor Network, 
one of the nation's largest organ procurement organI-
zations. 

For more Information on the lecture, call 534-
8400. 

Thursday, January 14, 1999 

UNIVERSE: 
Quasar clustering is 
no coincidence 
C ................... l 

The traditional theory held that 
each NGC 1068 quasar must be far 
behind NGC 1068 at varying dis-
tances because its observational 
spectra shifts strongly toward the 
red end of the spectrum - a phe-
nomena known as "redshifts." 

Edwin Hubble showed nearly 
70 years ago that the redshifts in 
the spectra of galaxies of stars were 
proportional to the distances of 
galaxies. The result of his discov-
ery led to the theory that the uni-
verse is expanding. 

Objects that are moving rela-
tive to the observer are detectable 
by shifts in spectrum lines. 
Redshifts indicate that objects are 
moving away from Earth. The far-
ther away they are, the faster they 
are moving. When astronomers on 
Earth see an object with a large 
redshift (due to its distance away 
from us). they are seeing the 
object as it was when the light was 
emilled. Because light travels at a 
linite speed, it is as though they 
are looking back in time. As a 
result, many astronomers previ-
ously believed that the large red-
shifts in some quasars could be 

EDUCATION: 
Thompson h.as a 
goal of diversity 
CoIdIII ••• ,..... ..... 1 
vision:' he added. 

Thompson has served on the 
administralions of three olher uni-
versities - University of Texas, 
San Antonio, Washington State 
University and Miami University. 
He said that those who have been at 
UCSD for some time may not even 
realize the strength of its outreach 
and recruitment programs. 

"Since I have been to so many 
universities, I can see that the pm-
gram UCSD has is a very unique 
program," Thompson said. 'This 
university is trying to help people 

UCSD GUARDIAN 
MONDAYS a 
THURSDAYS 

used to ~ the universe as it was 
billions of years .,0. 

Burbidge's conclusion chal-
lenges the benefit or using quasars 
as a tool ror understanding a 
younger universe because it now 
appears as though all quasars are 
not at a great distance from us. 

"There is no clear understand· 
ing of this within tbe framework of 
the physics that we currently 
understand," Burbidge said. "Thus 
once again, astronomical observa-
tions are telling us something new 
about the physics of the universe." 

Scientists traditionally thought 
that this clustering of quasars in 
the sky appeared to be an acci-
dent. However, Burbidge argues 
that the clustering is no coinci-
dcnce. Burbidge's calculations, 
although maintaining that the 
quasars do have high redshifts, 
conclude that the quasars were 
ejected from the galaxy and 
remain ncar it. 

Burbidge is still unl.:ertain about 
the process that leads 10 the ejection 
of a quasar from a galaxy, casting 
doubt on the usefulness of strong red-
shiti signals emanated from quasars. 

Some scientists believe that 
quasars are among the most baf-
tling objects in the universe. They 
are small in size, yet emit an 
immense amount of energy. Not 
much bigger than the Earth's solar 

go to school who have not had the 
opportunity before, and that's com· 
mendable. It sure is obvious to an 
outsider .. . UCSD is just like a star 
shining here." 

Having received his Ph.D. in 
teacher education and English read-
ing, Thompson said he can under-
stand the difficulties thaI some stu-
dents may have in following the 
path toward higher education. 

"I was a lirst generation college 
student and my parents wanted me 
to go on to college, but they didn't 
have a clue how to go about it," he 
said. "I taught high school and am 
very, very much in favor of direl.."1 
and close interactions between high 
schools and colleges." 

Thompson also said thaI UCSD 
has many student-centered pro-

The UCSD Guardian 

system. quasars pour out 100 to 
1.000 times as much light as an 
entire ,.Iaxy containing 100 billion 
stars. Because quasars are so 
bright, they mask any details of the 
area in which they live. 

"These problems couldn't have 
been solved without the Hubble 
Telescope," said Mike Disney, a 
leader of the European team that 
released Hubble Space Telescope 
images of quasars. 

"It's like having a few still shots 
of a football game and trying to 
decipher both the rules and the linal 
score: you are obviously open to 
making the most dramatic mis-
takes. We'll get there in the end, but 
we may need a lot of Hubble pic-
tures to be certain what is going 
on," Disney added. 

John Bahcall of the Institute for 
Advanced Study at Princeton, N.J., 
agrees that because of the Hubhle 
technology, quasars are quite diffi-
cult to fully understand. 

"If we thought we had a coni-
plete theory of quasars before, 
now we don't ," said Bahcall. "No 
coherent, single pallern of a 
quasar behavior emerges . The I 
basic assumption was that there 
was only one kind of host galaxy, 
or catastrophic event, which feeds 
a quasar. In reality, we do not 
have a simple picture; we have a 
mess." 

grams that he would like to sec 
expanded. 

"I've always worked with a lot 
of student-centered programs," he 
said. "I would really look forward 
to stepping that up as much as pos-
sible." 

Thompson also said he believes 
in the goal of diversity in higher 
education. 

'The institutions of higher edu-
cation have a mission and desire to 
see underrepresented minorities 
succeed," he said. 

Thompson said that he is 
thrilled to have the chance to work 
at UCSD. 

"I'm real excited to be here and 
to have the opportunity to ~ork 
with faculty, staff and students," he 
said. 

NEWS J 

The Weekly Calendar is, as always, looking for 
illustrations. Here's some paper, go ahead and 
draw one: 

Thanks. Now just bring it to the Guardian office, upstairs 
in the old Student Center, and drop it in 

the Calendar box, Feel free to use your own paper. 

86% 
of UC$D students 

find sober men sexier 

1998 Core Survey UCSD 

ABovT DR. GBORQE ••• 
Dr. CIeoIpIdIa _lIMn 

lINIng a. UCID OCIIMIUIIIJ for 
oww1.,.... ...... ....... 
of ............ TuftI UnIvw8Ity 
8chooI 011 DInIJatry In IOIton, 
IIA II1II ... dInIOI .... BtId 111M 
hi .. II .. farwhnt of .. .... 
..... 010., ............ '" 
dIIIIIItry. 

.......... .."Dr ...... 
••• OR--.rlth Crowellng AFTlR-Slx IIIOftth ..... , .... .." ...... un ,,*; 

30% 
Teeth Whitening 

10% Off 
General Dentistry 
& Orthodontic 
SertJices 
(with mention of this ad) 

Orthodontics • Oral Surgery 
TMJ Dysfunction 

General & Cosmetic Dentistry 
. 

-.01 C. QgJtOld<LlS D.D.S. 
.. An., •• 
"' __ .. IroM-VCID 

ilia .......... Oft IIdhttlull, 
....... panon.llII:d ..... To 
,..,.. 1ft...., .. III .. 
...... U ........ .. 
-.. ................. ... 

... h •• dpl ..... ......... 

for IMIImuIn ICIIIIfort. 



4 OPINION 

EDITORIALS 
Editorial Board 

w.n DIcIdII-, Editor in Chief 
....... " .... .." Managing Editor 

.............. Managing Editor 
__ C-, Opinion Editor 
IrtIw ....." News Editor 

....... .: ...... -., Features Editor 
~ ......... Copy Editor 

The UCSD Guardian IS OUCltshed tWICe a ~ at the UnlW!(slty of CahfOfOll, San Oee&O Contents 
01999 V.ews e_pressed here." represent the millOnty vote of the edl{onal board, and are not 

nec:essanly those of the UC Board of Re&ents. the ASUCSQ. rw (he entll'e GlWdlM staff 

Newspapers Must Question 
Ethics of Advertising 

One of the many issues that a newspaper staff 
must resolve is that of the policy regarding advertis-
ing, choosing which advertisements to run and which 
advertisements to decline. From time to time, organi-
zations are denied the opportunity to place ads based 
on a subjective set of guidelines established by the 
publication. 

In many cases, these guidelines exist to maintain 
the newspaper 's respectable image as a reliable news 
source. Other considerations include the publica-
tion 's integrity, responsibility to its readers and moral 
principles. 

Recently, events took place in the city of Santa 
Barbara, which suggest that local newspapers in that 
area may want to take a closer look at their advertis-
ing policies. 

On Jan. 8 the Sail Diego Union-Tribune stated that 
the Santa Barbara police raided and shut down a 
brothel that was employing five female UC Santa 
Barbara students. 

The madam of this particular brothel recruited 
women by placing ads in local newspapers including 
the UCSB campus newspaper, The Daily Nexus. 

At least one of the fi ve women responded to the ad 
in the Nexus in November and was working for the 
brothel (known as "College Cuties") up until the raid. 

The Guardian editorial board feels it is irresponsi-
ble to run advertisements for illegal operations in a 
public newspaper regardless of the editors' personal 
views on the issue. 

Several times during the quarter, specific "ques-
tionable" ads are brought to the Guardian staff's 
attention and each are considered individually. The 
dilemma that we often find ourselves grappling with 
is whether there is any way to determine whether 
these ads will have a detrimental effect to our readers. 

Some controversial ads are approved on the argu-
ment that the student population, which we serve, has 
the maturity and intelligence to consider the advertis-
er's message with an open-minded and responsible 
perspective. With this assumption in mind we have 
approved ads relating to abortion as well as weight-
loss. 

Other ads are denied on the basis that they demean 
the professionalism of our newspaper and do not pro-
vide any benefits to the general readership. Rejected 
ads include phone sex services. strip club businesses 
and certain special interest groups. 

We hope that other newspapers, including The 
Daily Nexus, are cautious when propositioned by 
potential advertisers . 

Props and Flops 
Flops to whomever "horrowed" the ~ Glla,.dian'~ delivery cart last weekend and promptly guided it into a Mandeville wall, hreaklng a headlight. 

Props to the Early Admissions Honors pro-:j 
gram, which will allow 60 highly qualilled high . 
school ~tudcnts to enroll in UCSD classes during . 
their senior year. Each year this program will give 
potential ucsb students a true taste of college 
courses. 

~ Congratulations to the men's basketball team, , which won the La Jolla Classic last weekend with victories over Biola University and Southern , California College. This nearly unsloppable leam 
is 15-2 and prepared to continue the trouncing. 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, January 14, 1999 

PINION 
,.,SA W.-rMOVT 
~\,,,"~l,. ~~DAW 

Austin Hsia/ Guardlat! 

GREEK LIFE PROVIDES ENDLESS 
OPPORTUNITIES AND FRIENDS 

COMMENTARY: 
Joining a fraternity or 
sorority brings a sense of 
pride and belonging 
By Jecquellne Cheung 
Contributing Opinion Writer 

Endless stereotypes come to mind 
when thinking about Greek life. These 
stereotypes, however. are merely the . 
conclusions of uninformed, non-
Greeks who know little or nothing 
about the Greek system. 

Winter Rush for some fraternities 
and sororities is currently under way, 
so now is a good time for the clueless 
to get the scoop · from someone who 
knows what being Greek is all about. 

Being in a fraternity or sorority does 
not require paying brai nless jocks and 
ditzy airheads to be your friends. True. 
you do pay money to become part of a 
hrotherhood or sisterhood, but the dol-
lars are not wasted. There is a score of 
exclusive benelits to heing Greek. 

• Being in a sorority or fraternity 
provides the opponunity to meet many 
different individuals. Therefore, it is 
inevitable that, while rushing and 
pledging, you establish some lasting 
friendships. It is unrealistic to hope to 
be buddy-buddy with everybody. 
However, I have met some of my clos-
est friends through the Greek system. 
People in the Greek system arc not 
paymg others to be their friends. 

Most Greek people are smart. Do 
not he hlinded hy the stereotypes. 
Obviously. Greek members are not 
stupid if they have the grades and the 
SAT. scores to make it into UCSD in 
the first place. Also. most sororities 
and fraternities have a required grade 
point average to meet in order to 
remain a member in good standing. 

"I felt like I didn't really know any-
body on this campus before I rushed," 
an active member of the Greek system 
said. "But now I get sidetracked every 

For Greek .........., I · 
ott.. this cIuIl ...... : 
let off ,our hi'" 
..... , swallow ,our 
pride and '0 to _ 
Infornudlon nllM 
before shootl.., off at 
the mouth. 
time I walk through Price Center." 

The Greek system is definitely the 
way to meet new people and get 
involved. Each sorority and fraternity 
has at least tWe;) formals a year. There 
arc also a multitude of parties and 
social functions ·that take place every 
week. Something is always happenirig. 
Girls, you can get into any party. no 
sweat. Most sororities and fraternities 
also have a designated driver program. 

For those people who are extreme-
ly academically focused or want to 
become more focused, Greek life can 
help them to achieve their goals. There 
are a number of all-Greek scholarships 
and scholarships exclusive to specific 
sororities or fraternities available. 

Finding other Greek members in 
classes makes it easy to form study 
groups. Many sororities and fraternities 
have required study hours in the library. 

Every chapter has a collection of 
old midterms and tesls from a wide 

range of classes at UCSD. Trust me, 
these collections can really take the 
stress out of cramming. 

If you want to get involved in the 
community, look no funher. Each fra-
ternity and sorority has its own philan-
thropy such as the Arthritis Foundation 
or the Children's Miracle Network that 
it raises money for. Also, quite often 
Greek members will have the opportu-
nity to serve others by doing things like 
serving food in homeless kitchens, 
painting houses ~ planting trees, 

As far as I know. fraternities and 
sororities at UCSD 00 NOT HAZE! 
Actually, I found it to be just the oppo-
site. When I joined my sorority I found 
myself showered with gifts from cup-
cakes and cookies to cards and nowers 
left at my door. 

There is a cenain sense of pride that 
comes along with belonging to a Greek 
fraternity or sorority. While it is true 
that each group has a specific mission 
and specific ideals, Greek people are 
not merely clones of each other. Rather, 
they are · each uniquely different but 
bonded by ties that come with being in 
the same fraternity or sorority. At times 
they may wear leuers or dress alike to 
show their pride and signify their unity. 

Now, it is true that Greek life is not 
for everybody. I sincerely believe, 
though. that there is something in it for 
almost everybody. For Greek bashers, 
I offer this challenge: Get off your 
high horse, swallow your pride and go 
to an information night before shoot-
ing off at the mouth. 

Going Greek is one of the best 
decisions I have ever made. I cannot 
imagine my life without the Greek sys-
tem and I cannot even begin to fathom 
where I would be without my sisters. 
They have helped me through every-
thing. Make the most of your college 
career. Take a chance and try out the 
Greek system. 

Send COIfIIMIIlS and IAners to the 
&/itor to guardian.ucsd.eclu 

Thursday, January 14, 1999 The UCSD Guardian 

FINDING PARKING EASY 

Jl;~~ Slup That l I3ERTRAND AN 
There arc some things in thi~ 

world that arc not suhject to opin-
ion. There is no debate as to 
whether they are good or bad. they 
are just fundamentally wrong. 
Parking at UCSD is one of 
those things. 

from "Independence Day" and 
submit it to The National Enquirer . 
That's an easy $500 right there -
"Aliens and Will Smith engaged in 
battle on the UCSD parking lot 
from 2 to 6 a.m." 

The annoying process of 
unlocking The Club is actually a 
hig debate with my parents. 
··Whether or not to lock The Club" 
is right up there with the "Whether 

realized that it is really annoying to 
lock and unlock it. So now I have 
resigned to leaving it unlocked. So 
all you really have to do is find out 
what kind of car I drive and you 
can hot wire your!.Clf a free dark 
blue Camry. Wait a minute. on sec-
ondthought, I take that hack. I lock 
my Cluh. 

Back to my point. I think what 

-OPINION-
COLUMN 

most students do not realize is the 
number of parking spacc\ that 
potentially exist on campus. It is 
just a mailer of creating them. 
Carry some tar in your trunk 
and loading zones become per-
manent parking spaces. Cut out 

the bottom of a trash can and place 
it over a fire hydrant. A chain saw 
does wonders to handicapped 
signs. 

PT. LOMA 
TAM ~ lESS 
l16S Micfway D,I •• 

Wi"" IARGII 
214-9121 

OPINION 5 

I was circling campus the 
other day looking for. a parking 
space around midnight and I 
encountered about 60 empty 
parking spaces marked "A." 
pulled into one of them. put on my 
Club. got out of my car and locked 
it. Then I noticed this sign in front 
of it that read. "No Parking from 2 
a.m. to 6 a.m." I yelled a few 
obscenities. unlocked my car. got 
into my car. removed my Club and 
circled campus for another half 
hour. 

What I want to know is what 
the hell are they doing in those 
parking spaces from 2 to 6 a.m.·! 
Unspeakable acts of perversion 
immediately come to mind. but 
what if it is something else·! Maybe 
those freaks watching crop circles 
and mutilated cows are looking in 
the wrong place. I should probably 
take a few pictures of the parking 
lot at night, ~uper-irnPOse a dip 

or not to throw out the Christmas 
tree nine weeks after Christmas" 
- where you have a bunch of peo-
ple arguing "/t's starting to rot." 
"But it looks so nice." "It's 
March!" "We only have nine 
months to go." 

My mother believes that The 
Club is simply a deterrent, and 
since there is no way to tell whether 
or not the club is locked except by 
breaking the window and testing it, 
she thinks it is completely unneces-
sary to lock The Club. My father. 
on the other hand. thinks that if 
you're going to lihell out $40 for it 
and go through the process of 
putting it on. you might as well 
lock the damn thing. 

If you do not want to make any 
of these small investments, be 
enterprising. Park in the middle of 
Price Center, set up a table on 
Library Walk and pretend you're 
holding a contest. Or just hand out 
religious matet ial and tell people to 
pray to the "Great Automobile." 
When the authorities come to tow 
your car. tell them they are all hum-
ing in everlasting hell and ask them 
where the "No Parking" sign is. 
And the best pan is that if you get a 
ticket. you can get a tax break for 
your non-prolit organization. 

TID 
I sided with my father at first, 

but now that I actually have one, I 
Send comments and Lella.l· to 

the EdilOr to guardian@ucsd.cdu 

HAVfNG EXTRA--MARITAL AFFAI R 856 Grand Ave. Pacific Beach 
490-6222 W.E RESPONSIBLY STEP DOWN FROM OffiCE 

Could this be ,ouil 
Massachusetts Signing Bonus Program 

for New Teachers 

all college graduates • all majors • all professions 

S21,llllIIa_.III •• 
FI'IIII ••• liIIIInl 

PIlei_II lid ... _ .... n 

Massachusetts is looking for SO outstanding 
individuals to teach in our public schools. 

If you are interested in teaching and 
are excited by a new challenge, join us! 

Intlnnldln S8sslln 
Friday, January 15, 1999 

2:30pm 
Career Services Center • Multi-purpose room 

For more information 
please visit our website at www.doe.mass.edu 

or call (781) 388-3300 ext. 323 
U " I "' • 

I hllr\d,I\, J.ltlll.lr\ 1-+ 

"I Have A Dream" video 
presentation and discussion 
Noon - 1:00pm 
Library Walk 
Presented by Thurgood Marshall 
College Affirmative Action Retention 
Committee 
"In Remembrance of Martin" 
video presentation 
6:00pm 
Revelle Plaza Cafe 
Presented by Revelle College Cultural 
Awareness Network 
"The State of the Dream" roundtable 
discussion 
7:00pm 
Cross Cultural Center 
Presented by Eleanor Roosevelt College 
Multicultural Student Network 

ANNIJAL MLI( Jr. PARADE 
Dowtl t o\\·n S.ltl Diego 

Saturday., January 16 
I o:()() .1.m. · I :()() p.ll1. 

• Sign up at your Dean)s Office (or M.O.M.) 
• Meet at the Sun God at 8:30am for free 

tra nspo ration 
• Free T-shirt for first 30 students who sign up 

at each college. 
Sponsored by: 

Chancc:llor's Officc:, Vice-Chancellor tor Student AtJairs Office, 
Associated Studc:nts, Cross Cultural Center, and the 5 Colleges 



6 OPINION 

• 

"I" _ . ... __ W 

University- of &n DieSQ 
e Experienced Faculty 
e Lecture Courses 
e In-Class Practice Exams 
e Free Refresher Course 

up to One Year 
Test Preparation Courses 
Serra Hall 316, Alcala Park 
San Diego, CA 
92110 

- 'T1iCU(:SD ouartJian Thursday, January 14, 1999 

STEREOTYPES RENEWED 
Editor: 

When I saw the teaser for the 
article titled "Gender Bending" 
(Guardian, Jan. II, 1999), I 
expected to see a new perspective 
on gender relations, and instead I 
was surprised by how much of the 
usual stereotypes were simply 
given new form . 

For instance, there were two 
major divisions of people: female, 
homosexual, transgender and non-
white people are the "good guys" 
as a result of their sex, sexuality or 

~thnic origin they automatically 
care about improving the world. 
White, heterosexual males are con-
cerned only with their own needs 
and viewpoints. 

Then there was the idea that 
there is some "white male" way of 
thinking, that is, white men are 
somehow programmed by their 
genes to have a ditferent way of 
thinking than non-whites and 
females. 

Finally, there was unques-
tioned existence of a "lesbian" 
way of dressing. It seems to me 

Lett .. ~ Editor 
The Guardian welcomes letters 
from Its readers. All letters must be 
no longer than three pages, typed, 
double-spaced and silMd. Letters 
must l1li50 contlllln a phone number. 
We reserve the rI'ht to edit for 
length and clarity. Letters may be 
dropped off at the Guardian office 
on the second floor of the Old 
Student Center. Send all letters to: 

The UCSD Guardian 
Opinion Editor 

9500 Gilman Dr. 0316 
La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 

Fax: (619) 534-7691 
e-mail: ,uardianllucsd.edu 

that by simply trying to be in a 
different place in the perceived 
social structure instead of chal-
lenging it, Eric Peterson isn't so 

much "changing the rules" as 
simply trying to "play on both 
teams." 

Ryu Flarity 

WrIt ....... 'tIy Conv.,.,......, 
EdItor: 

This is regarding Jenna 
Barclay's brilliant piece on the 
social life at UCSD that appeared 
on Thursday ("Price of Academic 
Success Is No Fun At All," 
Guardian, Jan. 7, 1999). 

First let me just say that I didn't 
know the Guardian had writers that 
were as good as Ms. Barclay. But 
the content, wow, I think she 
summed up exa:ctly my feelings 
about the lack of fun at UCSD in 
the article. And that's nice, you 
know, because while I try not to be 
negative, it's great when someone 
so eloquently does it for me! 
Actually, I don't want to say that it 
was negative, just realistic, and she 
really hit the OOll's eye. 

KeatWehde 

When something is too extreme for words, it\ to the Nth degr ... And that's the 
I_I of technology you'll experience at Roytheon. 
Raytheon has formed a new technological superpower-Raytheon Sy.tems 
Company, composed of four major technological giants: Roytheon Electronic 
Syst.ms, Rayth.on E-Systems, Raytheon TI Systems ond Hughe. Aircraft. 
The ~ Raytheon Systems Company is driving technology to the limit. And _'re 
looking for engineers who wont to push the envelope. Break new ground. 
Mak. their mark. 
At Roy theon, you'll take technology-and your career-to the highest possible 
level. You'll tau it to the Nth. 
We hove a lot to t.1I you about the new Roytheon Systems Company and the 
exciting opportunities we have available. Plan on visiting our booth at your 
colleg. career fair. If you are unable to a"encI the fair then check out our website at 
www.royjobs.com ond plea •• send your reslllM to: Raytheon Resume Processing 
Cent.r, P.O . Box 6602~6, MS-201, Oollos, TX 75266. 

Story by 
Marcia' 
Staff Writer 

••• 

Joe Goode redeems the modern 

musical scene with 

'Deeply There (Stories of a 
Neighborhood) , 

he modern musical was redeemed last weekend by the pro-
duction of "Deeply There (Stories of a Neighborhood)." 
"Deeply There" wa~ choreographed and directed by Joc 
Goode, an internationally recognized innovator in the devel-
opment of contemporary dance theater, and performed by the 
dancers with the Joe Goode Performance Group. The Joe 
Goode Performance Group was formed in IlJ86 and has 

extensively in lhe United States and appeared in Canada, Europe, 
America, the Middle East and Africa. 

Lloyd Weber and other current composers have slaughtered the 
as an art form. They have stabbed it to death with the plastic knives 
,..n··i"lii~m Using the same generic recipe for plot, these composers 

every nutrient of experimentation out, and then garnished it with 
ial effects to cover the lack of original ingredients. Served 

of sensationalism and reputation, audiences are constantly 
These musicals are so pumped full of artificial ingredi-

they never expire. This is very scary. Fifty years from 
still be watching the saJTle "Phantom of the Opera" no mat-

director or actors or musicians. At least road kill is..raw and 
aoll~ventually changes and decomposes. 

used to actually have messages thaI challenged the masses rather 
than the generic roses and chocolate wooing of Weber and his colleagues. 
"Sout~ Pacific" focused on the re-humanizing of "the enemy" during war and 
the dynamics of inter-racial relationships throughout wartime and after. "Hair" 
is another example of the musical as a medium for expression of the society 
that surrounds it. By entertaining the audience, "Hair" captured massive 
amounts of diverse people for a couple hours. While the slOry line entertained, 
each person relaxcO and began dropping some of his or her barriers. This is 
the perfect opportunity 10 reach people. Through the characters lives, the 
injustices and hypocrisies of the time were painlessly revealed to the audience. 

Like these predecessors, Joe Goode uses the elements of a musical to 
address current social issues. However, he has eliminated the cheese usually 
associated with musicals. "Deeply There" was obviously not wrillen to be a 
blockbuster, money-making, warm fuzzy night of mind-numbing entertain-
ment. Rather, it is a creative and brilliant way to share some extremely real 
and personal experiences lhat confront both the audience and the characlers 
(who were based on real people) at the same time. This includes issues about 
AIDS, alternative family structures, sexuality, death, individual heroes, com-
munal heroes and the relationships between parents and children. Basically 
the "should be" and the ':is" of reality. 

Goode, of course, shared his personal feelings about these subjects, but his 
talent as a storyteller kept him from being a preacher. He spoke to the audi-
ence memhers' hearts and senses of humor. At the very least, the audience left 
with sympathy for every character and a little more understanding of perhaps 
unfamiliar issues. 

See ~, Page 11 



8 HIATUS The UCSD Guardian 

r-------------~~------------, I 
I 
• I 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I I "The Only Constant ;5 Change",. _______ ...... 
I BUY·SELL·TRADE 

CD'S· LP'S·CASSETTES 
VIDEOS·CD ROM·VINTAGE STEREO 

(619) 287·9500 
Fax: (6\ 9) 287-9583 

Email: EntX@aol.com 

••••••••••••••••••••••••• 99¢ Fish Taco 
Enjoy the BETTER fi5h taco 
at an even BETTER deal! 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• ~ 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• LA JOlLA VILlAGE SQUARE 

Nobel Dnve .t H~hw"Y 5 
270·FINS 

f'I'C1FIC&~H 
G_ Ave. & lMnont St. 

274-fINS • 
Thl. coupon fOOd for up to 04 or.:'er&. Not 'nI1itJ Wtth • 
'flY other offer. Offer eJtp'rtS 21'6188 • 

••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

Your ad here. 

Guardian Thursday Coupons. 
Call 53.4-3.467 

i---------------------------~ i1 0/0 ~WOE i 
: PURCHASE: 
: Not valid with any other discount or promotion. Exp. 2/14/99. U1:2I34~ : 
I I 
I I 
I Renaissance Towne Centre I 
I 8915 Towne Centre Dr. (Off La Jolla Village Dr.) 450-3662 AltfLfTE I 
I NIKE • ASICS • BROOKS • NEW BALANCE' and much morel 

·_--------------------------_1 
HELP WANTED 

SEEKING 
COMPUTER ASSISTANT 

PART TIME POSITION: (15 hrs/wk during the school year, -40 
hrs/wk during the summer) as a computer assistant for a dynamic 
research group. The pay rate is $15.00Ihr. 
YOUR END OF THE DEAL: Assist with computer support to 
members of the Wilson group, including installation, training and 
troubleshooting. You MUST be proficient with Macintosh and 
Windows OS, and familiar with networking software and UNIX OS. 
OUR END OF THE DEAL: We promise to provide you with an 
active, stimulating, friendly work environment. 

For more information, visit our website 
http://www.wilson.ucsd.edu 

(Career Services Job No. 916126) 

NOTES FROM THE 
UNDERGROUND 

Belle and Sebastian 
Have a 'Brilliant Career' 

By UndUly Sworskl 
Hiatus Editor 

I was sitting in Border's Bookstore when 
I heard the new Belle and Sebastian album 
playing over the storewide speakers. Due to 
my chronic obsession with this, the world's 
sweetest band, I ran to the counter to see 
who had put it on. I found a girl, working 
hard at hardly working, who was equally 
enamored with the almost-obscure octet 
from Scotland. She told me how she was 
inaugurated into Belle and Sebastian's cult 
following. 

"A friend of mine went to a strip joint in 
Los Angeles called the Snake Room or some-
thing - not that he's into that or anything," 
she said. "Anyway, the last girl to perfonn 
stripped to a song that caught his attention. 
The song was so good, and so odd for a strip-
per to strip to, that he stopped watching her 
and listened to the song. He ran up to her 
after the show and asked her what she was 
playing - and she said 'Judy and the Dream 
of Horses' by Belle and Sebastian. So he 
went out and bought the CD, and now we're 
all hooked." 

This is truly an amazing story, as Belle 
and Sebastian are the last band that you 
would expect to find in any seedy setting. 
Belle and Sebastian belong in a lonely boy's 
headphones, as he rides the bus on a rainy 
day and writes "love" with his finger on the 
steamy window. They belong on your stereo 
as you dance wildly and awkwardly around 
your bedroom, not realizing that your neigh-
bor sees you. They belong next to your early 
Smiths and Nick Drake CDs, in the "these-
songwriters·are-cool" section of your CD 
collection. 

Belle and Sebastian, who got their name 
from a French children's television show 
from the '70s, are an eight-piece band from 
Glasgow, Scotland. They refuse to be pho-
tographed, rarely perform in pUblic, and 
never intended to blossom. In fact , the band 
was formed only as a casual group that gath-
ered to make a record for Stuart Murdoch's 
music-business class at Glasgow's Stowe 
ColLege in 1996. 

To Murdoch 's hum'ble surprise, his demo 
tape was favored by his classmates and 
teacher, Alan Rankine - and thus chosen to 
produce a record. 

"The strength of his songs just pissed on 
everything from a great height!" Rankine 
exclaimed to Spin Magazine. 

So Murdoch, now the lead singer and 
songwriter for Belle and Sebastian, gathered 
a few musician friends and recorded the 
acclaimed Tigermilk in three days on his 
teacher 's small label Electric Honey 
Records. Only I,()()() copies were released 
'n \Inyl, though a healthy underground 

Thursday, January 14, 1999 

market of dubbed tapes can be found among 
fans. 

"We thought it was okay," drummer 
Richard Colburn stated in an article from Spin 
Magazine. "Then record companies and fans 
started calling and we thought, 'My God, 
what have we done?'" 

Something very special. Murdoch 's 
angelic voice invokes goose bumps and his 
tender narrative-driven lyrics tell stories of 
sensitive and misunderstood youth. "I don't 
love anything/Not even Christmas/Especial-
ly not thatll don't love anyone ... Well 
maybe my sister/Or maybe my baby broth-
er too, yeahll don't love anyone" ..:.. from 
the song "I Don't Love Anyone" on Tiger . 
milk. 

The only thing sexual about "Judy and the 
Dream of Horses," the aforementioned porn· 
piece from their second album It-You're Feel· 
ing Sinister. is the way in which the song 
reaches an ecstatic crescendo. Many of Belle 
and Sebastian's songs follow this fonnula -
a peaceful opening with soothing voice and 
guitar, joined by piano, then drum pattern, 
then vocal hannony, then violin and cello, 
and finally trumpet, flute, organ, bagpipe or 
whatever they choose to get you galloping 
around or, in some cases, dancing with a 
pole. 

If You're Feeling Sinister, which was 
released in November of 1996 under the 
independent label Jeepster, gained Belle and 
Sebastian their first true worldwide acclaim. 
The songs are complex and yet the melodies 
are made for' singing along. The themes of 
the songs run from religious exploration ("If 
you're feeling sinister/go off and see a min-
ister/he'll try in vain to take away the pain 
of being a hopeless unbeliever") to noncha-
lant sexual ambiguity ("The best lookin' 
boys are taken/the best lookin ' girls are stay-
ing inside/so Judy where does that leave 
youJ walkin' the street from morning to 
night"). 

Gaylord Fields of New York's nme Out 
described it as "a record that's classic, time-
less and damn near perfect" My roommate, 
who prides herself on her hardcore skatepunk 
music preferences, can't help herself from 
prancing around the living room when If 
You're Feeling Sinister plays, and has now 
made a tape and sent it to her mom. The songs 
slowly unfurl and creep in sn~ily through 
the back door. and are so cute that you can't 
help but let them stay. 

Murdoch's creative outpour continued 
with the three summer EP's released in 1997 
- Dog on Wheels, UJzy Line Painter Jane 
and 3 .. 6 .. 9 Seconds of Light. The first debuted 
at number 59 on the singles chart, the second 
at 41, and the third inside the top 40 at num-
ber 32. During this period their popularity, 
among the sweet-tooth masses, steadily 
increased - so much, in fact, that picnics 
began to crop up around the world in which 
fans in the same town would meet through the 
Internet and then gather at a convenient park. 
Beer and loving the band gave everyone 
enough in common . • 

Just a few months ago The Boy With the 
Arab Strap was released by Matador. Appar-
ently an arab strap is what one wears to main-
tain a hard-on. Arab Strap is more intricate 
than their past releases and perhaps this is 
why it also seems more awkward. The light is 
shined on more of the band members than 
before and some of the vocals aren't quite as 
angelic as Stuart Murdoch's. But with time 
this album is said to get under the skin. So far 
I'm partial to the earlier releases, but more 
people have caught on to this album than its 
predecessors, so it's worth a listen. 

Murdoch works as a live-in caretaker of a 
Glasgow church where he's al~ a choirboy, 
Icaving him time to ruminate. He has a back-
log of at least 30 songs waiting to be made so 
ho~fully more albums will be produced 
soon. There's also a rumor that ngermilk will 
be re-released on CD in the spring so all 
those who have a hand-me-down copy of the 
vinyl on tape can hear it crisp for the first 
time. 

The best way to explain Belle and Sebast-
ian is the space between summertime and the 
beginning of winter. Autumn, I guess. 

Thursday, January 14, 1999 

IlAIbum 

-----
-***** 

Finally!!! At last!!! Ani DiFran-
co's newest album, Up Up Up Up Up 
Up, will be released this Tuesday. 
Jan. 19. It completely satisfies the 
growing hunger for new Ani albums. 

As always, DiFranco has some-
thing to say worth listening to and 
says it well - with true Ani authen-
ticity. Up Up Up Up Up Up has a dif-
ferent sound than her previous pop-
friendly album, Little Plastic Castle. 

DiFranco's ongoing evolution as 
a writer, musician and producer has 
given Up Up Up Up Up Up a 
funkadelic. sexy and even a slight 
jazzy style. Her lyrics arc more 
poetic and her vocal intonation is 
less about melody and more true to 
her words. 

DiFralk:o's got a band! Her dis-
tinctive percussive vocals and 
al:oustic guitar - plus Jason Mercer 
on bass, Andy Stochansky on drums. 
Julie Wolf on keyboards, accordion 
and backing vocals - have enhanced 
DiFnux:o's music immensely. She is 
no longer the Iii' 01' folk singer with a 
guitar. The music sounds more full 
and more complex. even experimen-
tal. Throughout, she still maintains 
her righteous personal insights and 
intensity. 

Especially impressive is the har-
.monizing between DiFranco and 
Wolf. They have successfully com-
bined their voices without sounding 
like the stereotypical, folksy sim-
plicity of Peter. Paul and Mary or the 
Indigo Girls. 

-MIn:IIIIcott 

r---- ---. HAIR I 
DESIGN I 

7DAVS 
I 
I 
I ""'-iIP.llrlr. I 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

UTC I 
Across "om MInn Thellers 41I-04IO I 

Del MIr ........ 7t2-1U1 I 
~T_",,274-21OO I 

.......... v ... , Cent8r 2tW311 
HoIt1III ..... 23NII3 I 
....., ..... 440-4411 I 

" - - ,:':,::,"::::t =p~ __ .. 

----
-*** 

Garage Inc. offers something for 
fans of new and old Metallica alike. 
The 27 tracks on two discs are all 
covers - disc one contains newly 
recorded material whereas disc two 
brings together tunes recorded from 
'84 to '95. • 

Disc one oIlers interesting and 
unpredictable twists and songs by 
some very heavy bands like Danzig 
("Die, Die My Darling") and Black 
Sabbath ("Sabbra Cadabra"), but 
ultimately still reflects the '90s, 
watered-down Metallica shunned 
and despised by the majority of the 
group's older fans. 

Disc one features an eclectic mix 
of covers. The first single from 
Garage Inc. - Metallica's slow-
tempo version of Bob Seger's "Tum 
the Page" - otters a lyrical and 
poetic depiction of a band's life on 
the road. while "Tuesday's Gone," a 
country-like Lynyrd Skynyrd tune, 
boasts such musical guests as Jell)' 
Cantrell. Les Claypool and John 
Popper. 

Disc two, on the other hand, is 
less artsy and more fartsy, com-
prised of the five tracks from 
Garage Days Re-Revisited '87 (an 
out-of-print and tough-to-find col-
lector's item), two from Garage 
Days Rt!\Iisited, and five other tracks 
culled from b-sides and other ran-
dom sources - an impressive com-
pilation even for an old-school fan. 
(No, you can't buy the second disc 
separately. ) 

- MIIttIww KIIIInowIId 

The UCSD Guardian 

•• 

DOSIA 
Waiting to Inhale 

IICA_ 

-*** 
In a certain comer of the world. 

there is a celebrated genre of music 
appreciated by a select audience. 
That comer is Northern California 
and that music is North Cali gang· 
ster rap. 

Another archetypal example of 
this street-infected, beat-heavy, 
head-bobbing genre has landed for 
its esoteric fan base. DOSIA is 
comprised of solo artists Killa Tay, 
KJ and Lunasicc with appearances 
by comrades Marvaless. Pizzo and 
others. The themes are traditional 
of gangster rap in no particular 
order: smoking, killing, women 
and being generally hardcore. 

In addition. considering Master 
P's No Limit Soldiers and IT the 
Bigga Figga, the concentration is 
verbal battery rather than lyrical 
innovation. The bass-saturated 
beats are sinister. ideal jeep bumps, 
and are all manipulated facsimiles 
of the previous beats. North Cali 
gangster rap has added another 
hardcore trio to its burgeoning 
genre. 

- J Farrllld 

record 
RATINGS 

Excellent 
Good 
Fair 
Weak 
Poor 

***** 
**** 

*** 
** 
* 

HIATUS 9 

----- --~ I 

! A REASON TO SMILE! 
Start off the N ew Year with a brighter smile that everyone 
will notice . For a limited time only, Dr. Lee will provide 

Opalescence® 
Tooth 

Whitening 
System 

for only $99 (a $300 value) . 
Call today, you'll be glaJ you diJ . 

Linda K. Lee, D.D.S., M.S. 
"At the heart of m)' dental practice Isscrultit'lty and lmagmatlon . 

Done In this wav , J am able to deught the patient . 
maXlml,e oral hc:Uth "Ionl( WIth total health. as ll'ell 

as create nelU smIles. new conftdence and /)t!acc of mind .. 

On campus of Scripps Me~orial Hospital 
(619)453 .. 3888 

9850 Genesee Avenue, Suite 200, L<t Jolla 

• SoIIM Iach INway 
• Del MIr s.uft PIza 
• Ale SmIth INway 
c..._ ..... . 

......... c. .. . 
,.. ..... 

Wed, Thu. and Fri. NIghts 
(Jan. 13, 1 •• 15) 

Monday Jan. 18 
'I_ pints 
Murphy's 

... IJ~ Mr. PM 
ALL AGES WELCOME! 

Drinkers bring your 1.0. 
Watch for upcoming concerts 
Pub open M-F 11 :30am-11 pm 
NEW PATIO OPEN 
11 :30am-dark 

SUIS • SALADS • APPITIDRS 
TAPS OF GRIAT lUIS 

PAIR COLORED CONTACTS 
FreshLook Colors wtJurchase of 

2 boxes of clear Fresh disposables. 

DAILY WEAR DISPOSABLE LENSES 

$89** $129** 
COMPLETE 2 PAIRS B&L FW COMPLE'll: 

"ALL Ipoclal. Includ. I.n .... . xam, .yo<:or. k'l and follow up vi.il. A.h9moh, len ••• hi9her. 
Nol vol,d wilh any olh.r oll.r 011." •• pir. 3/31/99 

----

RoBERT HELLER, 0.0 .• STEVEN TAYMAN, 0.0 .• JOHN (ASTIELLO, 0.0. 
CO~A VERDE CENTER FASHION VALLEY CENTER 

8650 GENESEE AVE. 51£. 220 NEAl SAKS FlnH AVENUE (619)452-7374 (619)295-0537 



10 HIATUS The UCSD Guardian '"Thursday, January 14, 1999 

ucsv~ . 
~ ~N'1r$ 
......... ___ ----e~jf 

The 'Robert & ~nia Wamburger Fami~ 
Endowment Chamber M~ic SOie~ 

ST. LAWRENCE 
STRING QUARTET 

January 15 ' Friday 
c'Spm . Mandeville Auditorium 
!;;tudent~ tlOadv. or ot5door . GA t20 

Exotic & -gri"iant~ Thec:ltrical Dance 

LiI~ Cal 
Chinese Dance Co. 

January 23 . ~aturday . 
c'Spm . Mandeville Auditorium 
!;;tudent~ otl3 . Fac.ultyf!;;tafff!;;r. tl5 . GA. otUS 

The 'Robert & ~onia Wamburger Fami~ 
Endowment Chamber M~ic ~ie~ 

Emerson 
String Qutartet 

January 2q . Friday 
c'Spm . Mandeville Auditorium 
!;;tudent~ tlOadv. or ot5door . GA ot22 

World Mu~ic from Quebec 

LA BOTTINE 
SOURIANTE 
February 20 . ~aturday 

c'Spm . Price Center 'Ballroom 
!;;tudent~ otl2 . Facultyf!;;tafff!;;r. otl5 . GA. tl7 

Traditional African Mu~ic 

African 
Trtubadturs 

February 26 . Fh'day 
c'Spm . Mandeville .~tJdltonum 
!;;tudent~ otl2 . Fac.ult'4';;tafff!;;r. otl5 . GA. otl7 

New Fllm~ from Around ~fIe World 
$art f)i·t·~(?) J"rtt'l 
fjlm f.~·&tjYal ~99 

All films Son Diego premieres! Over 18 feature films 
plus 0 night of animation & a night of short subjed films. 

February thru June 
!;;er ie~ Pa~se~: GA ot65 . !;;tudents t35 

UCSD ... OffIce (811l!I34-nn 
VIsIt .. weMIte 0 ..... :11 ......... .. 

, -

courtesy of DlWid James/ Touchlone Pictures 
In Court: John Travolta stars as attorney Jan Schlichtmann who stakes everything he 
owns in a personal injury case in "A Civil Action ." 

FORGOTIEN MESSAGE 
Multiple elements blur the film's meaning 
8y Dave Yen 
Guardian Reporter 

"A Civil Action" is not a bad movie. In 
faci. to the average viewer. it is quite good. 
The film succeeds in providing a behind-the-
scenes look at how lawyers, particularly per-
sonal injury lawyers. do their jobs. It is a tilm 
ahout a judicial system gone awry and the 
participants who hasten its deterioration. 
Above all. it is a film about onc's lnan's 

obses~ion to win a case at all costs. 
The prohlem Ihat arises, however, results 

from the filmmakers' ullempts to juggle all 
thn:e concepls. while at the same time adding 
commercial value and striving to stay lrue to 
Jonathan Hurr 's best-selling true story. "A 
Civil Action" is. in many ways, like many sto-
ries which preceded it : A book that never 
should have been made into a movie. 

In the film , John Travolta plays Jan 
Schlichtman. a slick. Porsche-driving, per-
sonal injury lawyer who takes a case that 
nohody wants. The case involves a pallem of 
unusual deaths in Woburn. a city north of 
Boston. Children from different families have 
died of leukemia, sparking national allention 
and speculation of a "leukemia cluster." 

The parent~ think the deaths have some-
Ihing to do with the city's drinking \Vater. 
which was suspected to have been conlami-
nuted with toxic waste dump.~d by two of 
America's biggest and mast well-respected 
companies. The fal1)ilfts hire Schlicht man to 
uncover the tlUll! and "get an apology for 
what Jthe L'OITIpaniesj did to their children." 

Schlicht man. however, is not interested in an 
apology. He is interested in the millions of 
dollars a verdict can bring to him and his finn. 

As the case progresses, Schlichtman finds 
himself up against a defense with unlimited 
resources and a tenacity to manipulate any-
one. anywhere. He is confronted with the 
arduous task of collecting evidence, deposing 
hostile witnesses and preparing a case based 
on Ilimsy evidence while at the same time 
dealing with a judge who hates him. a defense 
that tries to intimidate him and colleagues 
who resent him for steering their firm into 
bankruptcy. 

For Schlichtman, redemption can only 
occur with the truth, which legal adversary 
Jerome Facher (Robert Duvall) proclaims as 
existing in a "bollomless pit" within the judi-
cial system. But Schlichtman manages to con-
tinue plowing forward. and in the process. he 
learns a lillie about the law. a lillie more about 
the families and a lot about himself. 

"A Civil Action" boasts an amazingly tal-
ented cast of actors whose talents are mostly 
wasted. The cast of actors includes Robert 
Duvall. William H. Macy. John Lithgow and 
Kathleen Quinlan. 

Duvall is the exception. He excels as the 
shrewd. ecccntric defense allorney Jerome 
Facher. who outmaneuvers Schlicht man 
through his expert knowledge of the legal 
process (i.e., never ask a question to a witness 
when you don't already know the answer. 
which Schlichtman does). 

. See CIVIL, Page 11 

• ~ptlng bl'~'1k fe'~'e~ 
. -- s 

Parb Hard: -Ttarel Safe 
Chc,o.p lieKc,ls. Grc,o.l ddViec,. Nicc, pt.oplc.. 

Alllnclusives: ~ 
MAZATYN for a. Iowa. 

S399.quad 
CANCUN for a. low a. 

$549. quad 
CARNIVAL CBUISE 

4 days $231. DBl 
Limited Space 

SAN fEUPE: 4 days In 
Cabanas bchfmt ... $129. quad 
HONOLULU: 4nll. for a. 

low as $429. quad 
Somt , .. troctoon, apply. Subroctto .v •• 1.Jbo411y. 

T .... not ,ndudod 

~~~---------------,.... ClEE: c .. adI on Inlemall ..... Educ.I"'" b .... 
9500 Gilman Drive 
UCSD Price Center Ste. 76 

.l' .... 

GOODE: 
"Deeply Ther~" 
sparks introspection 
C ... Im ........... ' 

Connectinl all these complex 
themes was a minimalist simplicity. 
Nothing - the sets. costumes. 
orchestra. music. scenes - was 
grandiose and expensive. yet it was 
all very effective. The pureness of 
the production was refreshing 
because it leaves Goode as an 
inspiration rather than an idol. 
Young artists can be reassured that 
it is nOl the extravagant sets and 
money that make a production suc-
cessful. Goode provided a much 
less expensive. higher quality 
recipe with plenty of room for per-
sonal embellishments. 

In "Deeply There" the characters 
were very frank. especially the main 
charac.1cr "Frank." The charlk:ters 
portrayed an ideallhough not perfect 
world in which people spoke exactly 
what was on their minds. At first, it 
gave each characler an unrealistic 

CIVIL: 
Soundtrack demeans 
message of the story 
C ....... d ....... 10 

Macy lends unnecessary comic 
relief as Gordon. the tinn's accoun-
tant who resorts to furiously 
scratching 10llery tickets in order to 
payoff the' tirm's million dollar 
dehl. 

Quinlan is the innocent, griev-
ing mother who simply wants "an 
apology for what they did to her 
son." She says this line close to a 
half-dozen times. 

Then. of course:. there is Travol-
ta. Much of the book focuses on 
Travolta's character Schlichtman. 
who despite being self-absorbed 
and greedy. also has a heart of gold 
and is willing to do whatever it 
takes to find the truth. He spends 
money lavishly and wears fancy 
suits to craft an image. not because 
he craves wealth. His persistence in 
the case. which threatens to destroy 

• DiIoount1nMl Pacb 
• TmalBooka, .... 
• AI yaw EurailSuppilaal 
• Locka, c.bIa Locka, 

SIMp 8haat, PICk Towal 
Ta. Sport 8IncIU 
R8In OM, end 
.. Ace .. lOi1aI 

We'nlln P8 juIt up lilt 
IIrIII 110m Council TIIVII 

111655 GImet 
483-1421 

OPEN 7 DAYS A WEEK 

persona. In retrospect. it was almost 
as if the characters were actually 
extremely real. with no false fronts. 

Goode's songs were simple and 
appropriate. Many times in musi-
cals. it is the sonp themselves that 
ruin the mood and validity of musi-
cals as a realistic portrayal of life. 
The simplicity of Goode's 
melodies and harmonies allowed 
the audielk:e to get sucked into the 
world of musicals where people 
miraculously burst into supposedly 
spontaneous song. The songs defi-
nitely enhanced the story. 

Another refreshing change was 
Goode's use of dance. Goode did 
not use the typical jazz. tap or bal-
let found in other musicals. Instead, 
he used modern. The lack of rules 
and limitations of modem dance is 
what allowed Goode to choreo-
graph movements that expressed 
the emotions behind the words. The 
dances did not seem awkward. If 
anything, it seemed more natural to 
use dance as an ouUet during times 
of sadness. frustration, boredom 
and celebration. This is because the 

him, is driven by both pride and 
compassion for his clients. In the 
lilm, the obsessiveness and greed is 
apparent. but the more endearing 
qualities are subtle. much too sub-
tle. 

What is not subcle is director 
Steven Zaillian's elTorts to evoke 
sympathy in the audience. Instead 
of illustrating. the main themes, 
Zaillian stull's them right in your 
face. For example. there is the con-
stant depiction of water every-
where. The judge drinks water, the 
auorneys drink water, the families 
drink water. And not only do they 
drink it ... they drink it slowly. 
allowing the camera to hone in on a 
glass of water for 10 seconds. 
Enough already. We get the hint. 

The tone of the movie is ques· 
tionable in terms of establishing the 
seriousness of the subject maUer. In 
tense exchanges amongst lawyers 
and judges. there is usually humor 
injected in some size. shape or 
fonn that trivializes the issues of 
negligence and the death of chil-

ehoreography was an extension of 
the cham..1ers' body language to its 
most exagerated form. instead of a 
hop-shufl1e across the stage. 

The dances in "Deeply There" 
were also able to maintain the 
beauty and abstractness of modern 
dance without being too ambigu-
ous. The dances were audience 
friendly. without compromising 
modem dance as an art fonn. 

This synthesis of art and enter-
tainment in "Deeply There" is what 
makes Joe Goode so impressive. 
"Deeply There" was not about the 
acting. dancing. or singing 
instead. it was about the whole pro-
duction. Goode proved beautifully 
that art does not have to be anti-
audience. and that entertainment 
does not have to be anti-thought or 
anti-controversy. 

For those of you interested in 
Goode. but not enough to travel to 
his hometown of San Francisco. 
there is an exciting rumor floating 
around that he might he moving to 
San Diego to create a Masters in 
dance at UCSD. 

dren. All too often. composer 
Danny Elfman ("Batman." "Forrest 
Gump") opts for an upbeat. serene 
piano rnclody that makes it seem 
like everyone is just perfectly mel-
low. While this contributes to the 
commercial value of the tilm. it 
demeans and diminishes the mes-
sage of the story. 

All in all. "A Civil Action" is a 
thoughtful. voyeuristic view of 
civil litigation that offers a wel-
come departure to typical court-
room dramatics. It follows the 
book faithfully on most accounts. 
There are no extra car chases or 
surprise plot twists. The ending. is 
fairly predictable as well. 'What is 
forgouen. however. is what the 
book stands for. not all the facts it 
contains. What is forgouen is the 
agony of the families and their pur-
suit for the truth amidst all the 
legal ruckus and endless connicl. 
What is forgotten is the reason we 
have personal injury law in the 
first place: To protect the rights of 
the viCtims. 

HIATUS I I 

The Catholic Community "t UCSD 
invites 

YOU 
to 

Thursday Night 
Dinner 

When: 6PMr every Thursday through exam week 

Where: the Catholi( Lounger 
at 

University. Lutheran Church 
(SW (orner of La Jolla Shores Dr & N. Torrey Pines Rd) 

(ost: 52 for all·you-can-eat 
A ,ell' WIlY 10 meel "'w lois and enjoy 

goodlood--
Come, join us, ""d bring a Iriendl 

\ 

I-
I 
! 



, " 

12 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian 
Thursday, January 14, 1999 

------------~ PIZZERIA : 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

tritootalk 
----Ikl-P-Hel~~--

00 WITH COUPON 0 STUDENT 10 . 
UP· DINE IN·DELIVERY • Exp. t128 / 99 

FREE DELIVERY-619-550-0406 
CORNER OF REGENTS RD_ EX LA JOLLA VILLAGE DR 

FEB. 11: THE • ISSUE 
FREE PERSONALS 

AD DUOUNE: Mon. Feb. 8 

* ~ OPEN 24 HOURS Costo v ... de Shopping Center. 8650 Genesee Ave __ .200. La JoHoIUTC • 457-9500 

sport: Swimming 
Eyents: 200 1M, 400 1M, 
200 Breast stroke 
Colle.e: Thurgood 
Marshall 
Vear: Senior 

II~ Psychology 

What I. your fayorlte 
Triton 1IIOIII8IIt? 
That's gOt to be freshman year 
when we won Nalionals in the 
800 free relay. That's one of the 
only nalional titles in relay since 
I've been here. That's definitely 
one of my favorites. 

How'. the new .wl .... 
min. CCNICh doInf? 
ScOlI'S great. He's laid-back and 
keeps it relaxed on the deck. I 
think it's good to have a new pro-
giam here in my senior year, It 
keeps me interested and focused. 

" ... m. like the 
entire .wlm te. I. 
best friend •• Why I. 
that? 
Y\!ah, we-re a tight-knit group. 

We all JUSt seem to get along. I 
mean, when you see each olher 
for 20 hours a week in the pool, 
you get to know each other real 
well. All my best friends are on 
the team. 

What I. tile worst 
thin. about UCSD? 
That people don't support the 
athletic teams enough. I guess 
that 's an answer you must get a 
lot when you ask athletes. 

Are you .01 ... to tile 
_.etINIll .. me thl. 
Satrurdlly nI_ wilen 
we try to break the 
attendance record? 
I can't go. We have an away meet 
in Santa Cruz_ I wish I could be 
there. 

You played baket.11 
In hi. school. Why 
did you choose .wl .... 
ml ... oyer .... ,. ..... 
ketball at UCSD? 
How did you know I played bas-
kcthall'! Hmm, I guess basically I 

Courtesy of ueso Athletics 
was beller at swimming. I 
thought I could make a beller 
impact in swimming_ I could 
help my team more_ 

Are you .,an. to 
watch the MBA now 
tlult "'a back? 
Sure, I love basketball. I'll defi-
nitely watch now that the lockout 
lisl over. 

- Intervt_ by Jake Gordon 

~MWM t!?5MwM ..- Saturaay 8 p.m. Rlif4 

"A FIREBALL! 
Powerhouse Filmmaking." 

- Peter Traver. , ROLLING STONE 

"Sean Penn Gives His Most 
EXQUISITE Performance To Date." 

- NEWSWEEK 

SEAN PENN IMN SPAeH ROBIN MIGHT PENN 
eW! PILMINTEII GARRY _DUNG 

ANNA PAQUIN •• G RYAN 

• 

flHfllHf 
ffATUIU 

"', ....... c-*" -.c=-
. (s~~) __ IU_ 

CALIFORNIA 
NEEDS YOU I 
e-CENTER FOR CALIFORNIA STUDIES 

California State 
Univenity. 
Sacramento 

Thursday, January I~, 1999 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
FLY CHEAP!! 
* ROUND TRIP COURIER FARES~ 
London $349 ling S300 Hong Kong $389 
CNN S3IIO Sydney $580 IIIiIgIroIi $370 
-40-8000 OFF All FARES-
AIR COURtER INTERNATIONAL 

1-800-298-1230 24 hr 

JOB FAIR 
TUNE-UP 

Don't know how to prepare for 
the Multicultural Job Fair (1/21)? 
Feel overwhelmed at job fairs? 
Is your resume non-existent or 

does it need an overhaul? 
Sounds like your job fair skills 

need a tune up! 
Attend one of these workshops 

to get great tips on how to 
make the most of your time 

at the job fair: 
FrI" Jan 15, 11:30 ·1 

OR Tues., Jan. 19, 11:30·1 
Career Servu:es Center 
www csc ucsd edu 534 3750 

PARTY IN BAJAt Rosar~o Beachfront 1-7 
bedroom homes. Surf, sun, sand, SWn!- sngles, 
couples, groups $29·$3951night. 011-52-615-
50174. (t/ll-21) _______ _ 
Start your own fratemltyl Zeta Beta Tau is looking 
formento start a newchllpter. «you are interested 
in academic success, a chance to netWOfk and 
an opportunity to make friends in a non-pledging 
brotherhood, e-mail: zbtOzblnational.org or call 
Mike Sinon at (317)334-1898. (1114-28) 

EVE N T S 
Leade!1hip Seminar: I'NpIrIng far GraduIiIa 
and Protaulanal ScIIooI. To be preMI'IIed on 
1114199 from 3-4 p.m. inlhe Price Center Gallery 
B. A seminar on graduate and professional 
education and how to prepare, how to appiy and 
how to be successful in gainng admission. 
Sponsored by Student Organizations & 
LeadII1hip Opportunities. For more info call 
534-0501. (lit 1-14) 
Leadership Seminar: You, _, theMu1tl-Cullurll1 
""',praMlledby Edwina Welch, Dlfectorof 
the Cross Cullur81 Center. To be presented on 
Jan_ 19, 1999 from 3-4:30 p.m_ in the Price 
Center Gallery B. Sponsored by Student 
Organizations & Leadership Opportunijies. For 
more info call 534-050t . (1/t4-19) 

EMPLOYMENT 
learn Bartending 

Do you comtd yo..- fIianda' grIIIII'NIr? The 
GuardIan ialooking for Copy Reeders to 8IIist 
wit! editing. For more 1nIormatian, cal 534-6581 
or atop by the Guardian office, upatairs in the 
SIudanI CenIer_ (In ,'4) 
HarmoniInI,lnc. ia hiring SpeciIIIActi'JilyLeeders 
for altar school prograrna tocaIed at schools 
wiI1In San 0iIg0 Unified School DisIrIct. MinirTun 
01 one yeBrI expariance conducting art and 

The UCSD Guardian 

CLASSIFIEDS 
TIle UCSO Guardian reserves the right to classify, edit. delete offensive words and 
phrases, and/or refuse any and all advertisements without prior notification. The Advertiser 
will not hold the Guardian liable lor any claims resuhing from the publication of the 
advertisement. The pubhsher will also not be held accountable for any claim from an 
agreement made between the advertiser and the consumer 
Copy should be reviewed by the advertiser for errors_ In order to be corrected In tho next 
regular issue, all errors must be r&ported by the corresponding deadline. Credit will only 
be given for the incorrect portion 01 the advertisement. There are no refunds for cancellations. 
PIe_ eend 8It cornapondence ,..rdlng Ctaaallled, to: 
UCSO Guardian, Attn: Ct .. allieda, 8500 Gilman Ortv. 10316, La Joll., CA 112093_ 
Actu81 tocatlon: Student Centar A, Room 217. 

recreation actiVIties tor ages 5-t2. Call Ginger at 
~·5740. (III 1-14) 
Klassic Kids Childcare Centers are hiring part 
tme Monday-Fnday morning and aftemoon 
posrtions, 12 un~s in child education and 
expenence WOfking with children desired. Call 
Kelly.!' 27t-0622. (1/1 t -14L 

-

Basses 
~Cellos 

needed for the 
La Jolla 

Symphony. 
Call Susan Ung 
at 453,8818 to 

arrange an audition. 

Part tirne Office assistant in Oal Mlr. Lightpaperl 
phone work. $tOhlrlbonus. Please be articulate. 
Flexible houra available_ Contact Pete 0 619-
755-8890 ext. 123. (111 1-14) 
Babysllterwanted. Carmet Valley family seeks a 
responsible babysitter for two young girls. Some 
weekdays and Saturday nights. Carolann, 793-

681~ (1111 -1.c:.4) ___ _ 
Looking for experienced, high-energy babysitter 
tor two year old in Del Mar. Car owner preferred. 
Need t 5 hrs/week and pays $6-8Ihr. Call Kelly 
619-350-Q829. (1111 -28) 
Babysitting for 4 year old. 6 hours/week. $7Ihr. 
Near UCSD. 755-2t28. (1111-14) 
Asst. Coach for Girls t 0-12 wi Encinitas Voleyball 
Club. TuesfThurs. 4~ p.m. $7.5M". HS Vars~y 
VB experiencenecessary. 760-944·1300. 7 a.m.-
9p.m. (1111-14) 

22nd. Call 1-800-279-3019' or e-mail : 
campwayneg!aol.com J!!.'4-2I16) 

ROOMMATES 
Roommate to shere 2 BOR 2 BA luxurious condo 
in UTC.lndoorWID. Secure undergroundparking. 
S4751mo. tl2 utilrtl8S. Call Jim. 546-8t28. (1/11-
21) 
Room for rent $500 in modem 3-level M,ssion 
Hills home. Bay view. Contact Roger (6t9) 645-
7806. (1/14) 
Hillcrest S4501mo, share 2 bdrll bath apartment, 
yard, garage, female preferred 1 block south of 
Unlversrty Ave. Close to all. Available ASAP 
(6t9)294-8828. (II t4-21) 

FOR RENT 
Share large master bedroom wi bath. Walking 
distance to school. Near buses, shoppng $320 
+ t/3 utll~ies . Villa La Jolla apartments. Ask tor 
Marc 587 -8875. (1111-214) 

FOR SALE 
START THE NEW QUARTER WtTH A 
COMPUTERIPRINTERt Macintosh Powerbook 
52Oclaptop$800. Macintosh IIsi w/extemal CD-
ROM, speakers, and modem tor internel 
connection- $600. Many programs insIalted in 
both computers including: Word Perfect , 
PowerPoint , Print Shop Deluxe, and more. 
Hewtett Packard 560c color printer$200. Hewlett 
Packard Deskwriter printer $150. Call AdoHo 6-
10 p.m. at 421 -1373. (1111-19) ___ _ 
Canon lmova laptop. 360CD with 32 mb RAM, 
133 101Hz. Includes 28.8 modem. Windows 98, 
Plus! 98, 1997 Microsoft Office Surte. $1000 or 
best o~ C~act Marc 587-8875. (I/t t ·28)_ 
t 989 Accura Integra ACISTEREO. xlntcond~ion , 

Classified Line 
Ad Rates 

Studen .. : $31* 20 word. 
FRuity. SIIH: $41* 20 word. 

All other.: S5 1* 20 word. 
Advance payment is required. 

Classified Display 
Ad Rates 

$9,00 per column ineh 
Deadlinea: 

....li<Ilion Olio OIapiay Ad, Una Ad, 
Noon Thura, 3 pm Thurl. 
Noon Mon. 3 pm Mon, 

All maintenance records on file . 2-door 
hatchback, $4 ,500 (negotiable) 
baheerOqualcomm.com 65t -2504. (1/14-t9) 

VV ANT E 0 

Asian 
Egg Donor 
Neededl 

Loving infertile couple is hoping 
to find a kind woman to help us 
have a baby. We 're hoping 
to find someone intelligent with a 
Chinese, Japanese, or Korean 
background. Artistic and athletic 
talent appreciated. 

(800) 886-9373 ext 7225 

fOl'flONS 
Compensation $6,500 

plus expenses 
Thank you for your consideration 

Research subjects reimbursed tor interview, If 
you are a UCSD student, 21-25, call 552-8585 
x4185 for more Information. (1111-613) 
Volunteers paid $30.00 for interview_ If you are 

entirel~ of Japanese or Korean descent, age 21 -
25, can 552-8585 x 218? (tl1·6/3) 
UCSD ALLERGY STUDY: Subjects w~h current 
allergy symptoms to Inhaled allergens (dust, 

CLASSIFIEDS 13 

grass, animals) needed as blood donors. Will be 
reimbursed $35.00 for blood donation. Contact 
534·2374. (tl1-19) 
Healthy volunteers ages 25 to 50 years old are 
needed for a study examing the effect of sound 
on the eyeblink reflex at the UCSD Medical 
Centerin Hillcrest. No medications. Intact hearing 
required. Free shuttle transportation is available. 
Earn upto $50.00. Call 543-2494 for infonnatoon. 
(1114-218) 

SERVICES 

PERSONAL INiURY 
FORMER LA & SO 

DEPUTY DISTRICT ATIORNEY 

JOHN l , PHilliPS 

• Auto 
Accidents 

• Dog Bite 
• Head 
Injuries 

r Free Consultation 
L No Recovery/No Fee 

619.794.1700 
1125 Camino Del Mar, Ste , 0, 

DelMar 

Horseback "ding lessons tor students/staff, $1 01 
hr. Westem or English. Imperial Beach area. 
Show horses, no nags! Call (6t9)523-()474 (1/ 
14-25) 

PERSONALS 
To the master criminal who took a JOY "de In the 
Guardian delivery cart: brings back memories of 
our first beer. PS-surveiliance cameras in the 
Student Center did capture your Im8ge, and your 
bank account will receive a maJOr auto deb~ . (1/ 
14) 
Mr. President: ~ depends on yourdefinijion olthe 
word "vague.' (1114) 
Let's see: the biggest ciowd ever at Tr~on men's 
basketball was 2,125: last weekend they got 
625: Dave, we'll send the post offfice your change 
of address. (II~ 

Camp Wayne for Gifis-sister ha" of brotherl 
ailler privII. camp in Northeastern PennayIYania 
(3 In from New Yoril Cty) 6122-8/20199. If you 
love children and WWIIa caring, fun ~t 
we are looking to 11ft aIaff for: Tennis, Golf, 
Gymnaaticl, Swimming (W.S.I . preferred), 
Sailing, Waterskiing, Piano, BMkItbd, Softball, 
Volleyball, Soccer, Se.-o.tenae, Low Ropes, 
Drama OIrector, Drawing and PIinting, Ceramica, 
Photography, Jawetry, LinoIeurn CIa, Batik, 
Calligraphy, Sculpture Guker, SiII-aa-q, 
Cheerieading, Aarobica, Video, Group Leaders, 
Orivers, Houaekeeping, Night WaIchpefson, 
KtchenlSaled. On CIllTlPUlInIerYiews February 

It's not like 
we'll give you 
the answers. 

4330 La Jolia Village Dr. 
Suite 130 

San Diego, CA 92122 

Well ••• yes it is. 
Standardized test are predictable_ 

Understanding them is what Kaplan is all about. 

To find the class nearest you, call today . 

619-969-3521 Loan Consultant Give me a call. 1-800-KAP-TEST 
................... 

www.kaplan.com 
........ ~1 ,"~. em.. roWh:"''''' ....,...,...M'M ....... ~ 1 .......... ''-- ""1~ 1ft pM.., . 
......... SnfIIc,.....,.....,. ...... a ............ I'""", ............. ..,.CliW ... '""" .... ~""'k; 
___ fA - -.,.OII. I7T. lrk .... Ir_""""_"" The \'JotlcJ ICZlcJCt 111 test ptCp 

l 



Thursday, January 14, 1')')1) The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 14 

DILLON: 
Dave vowes to stay on 
top of RIMAC 

"It's been cold, and a liule uncomfortable. 
My back's a liule sore. It's nol quile an ideal 
place 10 sleep." 

Since he wenl up, Ihe enlire UCSD alh-
lelic family has rallied around Dillon and 
Ihe learn. Women's volleyball player 
Shannon Hawes has donaled an egg craIe 
and some home-made wokies 10 Dillon's 

Continued frOlll ..... 11 
ride hegan aboul two months ago. The 
coaches and t he players SUi down tn discuss 

way~ to get more people to come oul 10 
games. They began the season on lire. even-

cause. 

"('ve heard rumors of an air mallress 
possibly being broughlup here." Dillon said tually going I 1-0. 

"II wasn't something I 
thoughl Ihrough." Dillon 
said . "I just blurled il oul. 
BUI Ihe more we won. Ihe 
more we reali£ed Ihat we 
were on an im:redible ride. 
We were overcoming our 
own expcclalion~. Then Ihe 
idea was hroughl up again." 

. wilh a smile. "IWomen's 
"I've heard haskelball Head Coach I 
rumors of an air Judy Malone talked aboul il. 
matre .. Up 
here. [Women'. 
basketball Head 
Coach] Judy 
Malone talked 
about It, but I 
don't know If 
they forgot 
about or what. " 

hut I don 't have il yel. I 
don'l know if Ihey forgol 
ahOUI me or wha .. " 

Thal'~ nOllikely, consid-
ering Ihal Dillon's slunl has 
hroughl UCSD an unbeliev-
able amounl of alienI ion. 

Bul back 10 Ihe record -
Dillon and Ihe Trilons are 
quile serious aboul il. 

"We're jusl asking peo-
ple who never thoughl aboul 
coming 10 a UCSD game 10 

_ Dave DIllon come oul and walch ," 

This lime, Ihere was a 
serious lone to Ihe sugges-
lion. So serious in facl . Ihal 
Di lion passed Ihe idea 
Ihrougli Judy Sweet . Ihe 
alhlelic direclor. and she 
approved il. He Ihen 
received Ihe other necessary 
approvals. But he slill was- ASSistant men 's basketball 
n' l ,ure sleepi Ill; of a roof 

coach on his experience on 
was such a good idea. 

Dillon said. "We think our 
slyle of play will have a lot 
of them coming back." 

"Finally: ' Dillon ~aid. "I top of RIMAC Again, thc game is Ihis 
Salurday night at 8 p.m. Admission is free told the hoy, if Ihey hroughl a lenl and a 
~Ieeping hag for me. I'd do il. But I wa, slill 
unsure." 

Then forward Sam Higgins called Dillon 
and lell hlill a J1le~sage that he had a tenl : 
the cral.Y Idea wa, ahoul 10 become a reali -
ty. Dillon ~till has the message on tape. 
Laler. when guanJ ick Christensen 
brought a ~lceping hag 10 Ihe orticc. there 
wa~ no turning back. 

" It ha~n ' l been too bad." Dillon said. 

to all studenls wilh valid UCSD IDs. 
Temperalures have dipping down inlo Ihe 
carly 40s. and Dillon is oul in the cold. 

Consider it an appcalto human nalure -
wnsider il whatcver you wanl. JUSI consid-
er it Ihis Salurday nighl and Save Dave. 

Editor'.I· /lotI': Be a part of UCSD. Gil to 
the game and experience a liftle IlIJte of col-
lege. Support your Trito/ls lind hrillg Dave 
illfrolll the cold. See ,1'011 th('fl'. 

Men's Tennis Opens 
Season With Loss 
TOUGH START: UCSD falls to Cal Poly Pomona in opener 
By Isaac: Klotz 
Staff Writer 

The firsl game of any season is impor-
lant, regardless of Ihe oulcome. Win or lose, 
il gives a leam experience and a stan-
ing poinl for Ihe road ahead. For Ihe 
UCSD men's tennis team, ils 
firsl malch of 11)9') provided 

did nol win his malch, Sleidimayer nOled 
Ihal he played lough. 

"Boushey played pretty well," 
Sleidimayer said. "Hc's dose 10 breaking 

Ihrough." 
Sleidimayer also said Ihal 

Kai Miller had a strong oUling 
as well, bul fell in three 
sets. 

Though the Trilons 
got deaned by Cal Poly, they 

said Ihal Ihis loss was an enlighl-
ening way 10 open up Ihe season. 
"Our schedule's pretty tough," 

Sleidimayer said. "I wanled a hard schedule 
10 make our guys play better. When you 
play people better Ihan you, you get 10 see 
whal you need 10 improve on." 

grounds on which 10 build. _ rlN N ,.1 
In Tuesday's malch, Ihe 

Trilons dropped 10 Cal Poly 
Pomona. 6-1 . UCSD owes ils one 
shining momenllo senior SIeve Shabel. 
The senior came from behind 10 win his sin-
gfes malch againsl Cal Poly's number one 
Daniel Somogyi, 4-6, 6-4, 6-4. He lhen 
paired up wilh Mike Rosett 10 win his dou-
bles malch. 

"He's a good player," Head Coach Eric 
Sleidimayer said. "He gutted il oul and 
played well." 

Shabel is Ihe learn's relurning No. I sin-
gles player, ranked 51h in Ihe nalion in 
Division III . For Ih'e younger players, 
Shabcl displays what UCSD lennis is all 
aboul - resiliencc and delerminalion. 

"I wanl Ihe other players 10 see ~ow he 
plays and how much lime he puts in oUlside 
of praclice - pikel Ihe exIra matches he 
plays. Ihe exIra praclicing and his weekend 
tournamenls," Slcidlmayer said. 

Shabcl's lenacily has already rubbed off 
on his learn males. Though Graemc Boushey 

The new head coach says he hopes Ihal 
Ihis year's learn can improve on lasl year's 
8-') record. 

"Our goal is 10 build up 10 Ihe end of Ihe 
season," Sleidimayer said. "It's a long sea-
son, and we hope 10 be al our beSI for Ihe 
rcgional playoffs." 

Though Ihe Trilons did nOI open Ihe sea-
son wilh a win, Sleidimayer says he holds 
high expeclalions for Ihe resl of Ihe season. 

"Afler Ihe Cal Poly loss, Ihe guys came 
oul 10 praclice and wen> ready 10 go." 
Sleidimayer said. 

The Trilons will be back in aClion nexl 
Friday againsl UC Riverside. 

COLLEGE LEADERSHIP OPPORTUNITIES 

.,' 

Are you looking for a challenging and exciting job next year? Gain valuable leadership and job 
experience! Apply to be an Resident Advisor/House Advisor or Orientation Leader at one 
of th'e Five Colleges. 
See below for where to pick up an application and deadlines to apply: 

Resident Advisor Orientation Leader 
College Deadline/Applications at: Deadline/Applications at: 

----~=---~--------------------------~~----------I REVELLE January 22 January 27 

ELEANOR 
ROOSEVELT 

• 

EAR}t 
WARREN 
CCM I FGE 

Residence Life Office or College Center or 
Student Activities Center or Dean's Office 

January 22 
Residence Life Office 

January 28 
Residence Life Office 

January 22 
Residence Life Office 

January 29 
Residence Life Office 

January 29 
Academic Advising Office 

January 15 
Dean's or 
Academjc Advising Office 

February 12 
Dean's Office 

February 1 
Academic Advising Office 

15 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian Thursday, January 14, I')')') 

........... 
..... ..., 
...... CIM 
........ 

......... 
--.SporIO PORTS 

SAVE DAVE 

Dave Lub,lz/Guardtan 
V"-: Triton's assistant coach Dave Dillon has spent the last week in a tent on the roof of RIMAC in hopes of increasing home-game attendance. 

Assistant men s basketball coach Dav.e Dillon will go to any length in order to 
break the single-game attendance record at RIMAe Arena 

By Travis Hili 
Associate StJOrts Editor 

No need for a crealive lead for Ihis 
slOry, lhe lrulh will do just tine: Ihere's 
a guy sleeping in a lenl on Ihe roof of 
RIMAe. 

successful hoops s'luad. 
The !irsl goal is a lofty one. as Ihe 

record stands al over 2, I 00 people. set 
on RIMAC's opening nighl. There are 
Ihree home games left on 
UCSD's schedule, the tirsl 

cnnlacted by San Diego's XTRA 
Radio. one of Ihe lOp all-sports sla-
lions in Ihe wunlry. And speaking of 
nalionwide coverage. Tyler Garratt, a 

son Ihus far. The leam is currenlly 15-
2 and regurded as one of Ihe top 
squads in Division III. Lasl weekend. 
UCSD won the La Jolla Classic with a 
pair of solid viclories. induding one 
over Ihe NAIA's fifth-ranked team, 
Biola Universily. 

slarting guard on the men's leam, 
has sent Dillon's slory 10 

Today marks Ihe sevenlh day on Ihe 
roof of RIMAC for UCSD assislant 
men's baskelball coach Dave Dillon .. 
And so comes lhe obvious queslion: 
whal lhe hell is he doing up lhere'! 

being Ihis 
Salurday nighl al8 
p.m. The second 
goal has already been 
achieved. Dillon has become 

ESPN. Who knows, 
maybe he will make 
Ihe show. 

Dillon has aclually become 
so popular Ihal he is Ihe focal 

poinl of Ihe media, nol his learn. 

Head Coach Greg Lanlhier says he 
recognizes Ihe commilmenl of his 
leam and his assislanl coach 10 having 
a great season. 

It's because he wanls to do Iwo 
Ihings, the firsl of which is 10 break a 
record. Dillon wanls 10 break Ihe bas-
ketball allendance record and he vows 
10 continue sleeping on lOp of RIMAC 
unlil ils broken. His second goal is thaI 
he wants 10 bring some much-deserved 
alienI ion 10 UCSD's Iremendously 

quile a popular guy in Ihe lasl week. , "It's been a magical ride," he said. 
He has already been profiled by all 

f'our local San Diego lelevision sla-
lions, and KUSI-TV is aclually pro-
viding nighlly updales on Ihe 24-year-
old's vigil. The Sun Diego Union-
Tribune's spons page has wrillen an 
article aboul him. He has also been 

"[The media blilz] has been excit-
ing 10 say Ihe very leasl," Dillon said. 
"It's been fun. I wish lhey'd concen-
Irale on lhe learn a lillie more, bul Ihe 
guys know I'm doing Ihis for Ihem." 

"Whal Dave is doing is an example of 
Ihe hard work and sacri fice that every 
member of Ihe leam has put in Ihis sea-
son." 

Dillon's advenlure is anOlher amaz-
ing componenl of UCSD's dream sea-

Aclually, Ihe idea for Dillon's stunl 
was firsl concocted when the magical 

See DlUON, Page 14 

Tritons Break t Records in Claremont 
SHATTERED: UCSD's men and women swimmers leave their mark by breaking five pool records 
By John Maynard ued 10 improve on lheir individual squad went on 10 set a pool record 
Sports Editor times throughoul the year. This wilh its first-place finishing lime of 

Those lriple and double days past meet was no different. 7:57.55. 
endured by the men's and women's "We had a lot of season's besl "It's alway~ nice 10 leave your 
swimming and diving learns over last weekend, and some life- name on someone else's pool," 
the winter break are paying oIl. time bests," McGihon said. McGihon said. 

The Tritons'latest realization of Topping the Sen i 0 r 
their productive break took place charts ,on !he 1 ••••• '.,___. Heather Willey 
last Saturday against Pomona- women s Side ...".-- look top _honors 
Pitzer and Claremont Colleges, were seniors Kelly r • in the I and 3 meter diving 
when the Trilons won with ease: Byrne and Linda Monroe compelilion, laking lirsl-
the men whined by Pomona-Pitzer and junior Amanda Gurnee. Each place in bolh evenls. Freshman 
221-60, and the women had their . of these three pulled in pool-record Melissa Azevedo also dove well, 
way. with a combined Claremont- limes: Byrne in the 200 freestyle, taking second and Ihird places in 
Mudd-Scripps College, 170-93. Monroe in the 200 breast stroke the 3 and I meier dives. 

UCSD's first-year Head Coach and Gurnee in the 100 free. The The men's side was equally 
Scott McGihon has had high trio also ,rouped together wilh slrong, as junior Matt MacDonald 
expec,:tations for his swimmers this UCSD senior Jenny Irwin for the 4 sweplthe competition with a pair of 
year, and the Tritons have contin- x 200 freestyle relay, where the first-place finishes in the I and 3 

meIer dives. 
In Ihe waler, lhe men were as 

dominant as Ihe women. The men 
finished firsl in eighl oul of 13 
races, wilh Iheir mosllelling win in 
Ihe 4 x 200 freeslyle relay. UCSD's 
'A' squad broke Ihe pool record en 
roule 10 a firsl-place win, wilh a 
time of 7: 12.53. 

Individually, Mall Latronica, 
Ryan Wong and Greg SCOlI had Ihe 
mosl lucralive meet, as each of 
them placed first in Iwo events. 
Latronica had the fastest limes in 
the 100 back stroke and 100 buller-
Ily; Wong was the quickesl in lhe 
200 individual medley and 200 
hack stroke; and S~:otl was the best 
in the 100 and 200 breast stroke. 

lalloftlleweek 
....'.8aek ...... . 
UCID ........ ... 

When: Saturday, 8 p.m. 
....... : RIMAC Arena 
Why ,OU Ihould .,: 
Dave Dillon is sleeping on 
the roof of RIMAC until the 
single game attendance 
record is broken. 
Otherr.......: 
a.) Ignore the greedy NBA 
and watch college hoops. 
b.) You have nothing else to 
do after drinking yourself 
silly on a Saturday night. 
c.) You'll get free stuff if we 
break the record. 



16 

Sports Nutrition L ~iii 
11R,c ~ ~' ... ",. 
--, .• ~, •• - -,c:IOrrj ... -... .. .... .... ,......... ...--.-.. .. 
.-- ... .............. .,... ~--. 

~ --........... \ • ~+J$ • .. -.... . ~_ .. • .......•.. H. __ .,~~ Ie:::: ............. ·.·.·.·.·. ·. ·.·. ·.·.1~::: -

r 

The UCSD Guardian 

STELLEXis 
coming right to 
your doorstep! 

At Stellex Microwave you' lI 
lind the same pioneering spirit 
and love for new and 
unexpected ideas that drew 
you to engineering in the first 
place. You' II also lind a new. 
pri va t e mi c ro w ave 
enginee ring company that's 
already pUlling in over $88 
million in sales. So. whether 
you ' re in to mic rowave 
co mp o ne nt s. int eg rat ed 
asse mbli es or adva nc ed 
subsystems for gove rnment . 
spa ce a nd co mm e rc ia l 
electronics applications. we 
have the resources to make 
even yo ur mos t crea tive 
experiments a reality. 
To learn more be sure to stop 
by. and di scover a technica l 
atmosphere that ' II make you 
fee l ri ght at home. 
To sign up for an interview 
please submit resumes on-line 
hy Janu ary 17 at ww w-
csc.ucsd.edu 

Info Nile & Pizza: 
Tuesday. February 2 

6 - 7:30pm 
Price Center. Gallery B 

On.Campus Interviews: 
Wednesday & Thursday 

February 3 & 4 
Disci pli nes: 

EE. ME. Materi al Science 
visit our weh site at: 
www.stellexms.com 

Stellex 
Mictowa·ve Systems 

Palo Alto. CA 

Co·sponsored by: 
er.a CIIIInI CIIIIr 
S1ldeII ...... 

AcIIoI 
SocIIIJ.- ...... [",In 
....... SIcIIIJ" 
....EI .. lln 

NEED HELP 
PREPARING FOR 
THE JOB FAIR? 

Thursday. January 14. 1999 

• Career positions & internships 
• Open to all students and 

majors including all 
underrepresented groups 

• Bring your resumes! 

Attend one of the two 
Job Fair Tune-Up 

workshops: 

Thurs., Jan. 21 
10:3Oam • 2:30pm 
on Library Walk 

(H rainy, PC Ballroom) 

Fri., Jan. 15, 11 :3().1 
or Tues., Jan. 19, 11 :30-1 
at the Career Services 

Center 
Bring your resume for a 

critique! 
Get tips on how to make the 
most of your time at the Fair! 

See participant list at: www-csc ,u~ 
UCSD Career Services Center ' 53-1 3750 ' IVWIV-CSC ucsd edu 

PERSONALS on the Guardian Classifieds Page 
are now FREE 

20 words or less. Fill out a form in the Guardian office, upstairs in the Student 
Center. Through Winter Quarter! 

(not in credit cards) 
Introducing the Amerlcen 
Expre •• ® Credit Carcl for Student •• 
Live for today. 
Build for tomorrow. 

The American Express Credit Card 
for Students is a resource you can 
depend on. With benefits like big air-
fare savings, free credit information, 
and no annual fee, it'll help you get the 
most from your student years - and 
help you build a solid financial 
foundation for the future. 

CALL TOLL FREE 1-877-NO-FEE-4U TO APPLY, OR 'VISIT 
OUR EBSITE: WWW.AMERICANEXPRESS.COMISTUDENT 


