
Elsewher. 
1111 Would Require 
Hepatitis Shots 
MINNEAPOLIS, Minn. -
Minnesota Senator Steve 

Murphy has penned a bill 
requiring that all university 
and state college students be 
immunized against Hepatitis 
B before enrolling in classes. 
Hepatitis B is a blood-borne 
pathogen that allacks the 
liver and is transmilled 
through body tluids. The 
Center for Disease Control 
estimates that this incurable 
disease, which can be asymp-
tomatic, infects one in every 
20 people during his or her 
lifetime. The vaccinations 
cost around $100 and require 
a series of three vaccinations 
over a six- to nine-month 
period. Critics say that 
although the immunization is 
important, the proposed bill 
will be difficult to monitor 
and costly to students. 

- Minnesota Dail." 

ISU Student DIed In 
Tr .. Accident 
AMES, Iowa - Iowa State 
freshman Chad Freml died 
while CUlling tree limbs with 
his friend, Brian Kennebeck. 
Sunday aliernoon. The honi-
culture major was killed when 
a tree limb struck him in the 
chest. Kennebeck. who was 
also Freml's roommate and 
lellow Phi Kappa Psi fraternity 
member, said that the two cut 
trees as a part-time job. Susan 
Freml, the victim's mother, 
said that her son had a strong 
work ethic and he often held 
three jobs at a time to help put 
himself through school. She 
also said that he enjoyed hunt-
ing, snowmobiling and demo-
lition derby racing. 

- IOll'a Stale Daily 

U. Texas-Austin Is 
Blgge" School 
AUSTIN. Texas -
According to preliminary 
spring enrollment ligures 
released last week, the 
University of Texas-Austin 
(UTA) has the largest student 
body in the nation with 
46,386 students. Ohio State 
University trails OSU with 
46,217 students. Last fall, 
UTA had an enrollment of 
48,917 st!#dents, but the num-
ber /las since gone down 
since students graduated in 
December. Due to overcrowd-
ing problems in dorms, class-
es and parking, UTA ofticials 
from say they are working to 
keep enrollment at the opti-
mum level of 48,000 students. 

- Daily T~xan 

Spoken ••• 
"/ find it silly to buy a 
book for 60 dollars, 
sell it at the end of the 
quarter for ten dollars 
and then see it sitting 
on the shelf as a used 
book for 40 dollars. " 

- ...., er.wfard 
A.S. Commissioner of Services 

end Enterprises 
See story It rIIht 

Internet: _.ucad.edu/~ 
EofNil: 1U~.edu 

The Musical M.cllant Lab Rats Champs ~ 
Singer/songwriter Natalie Merchant put on Being a research Men s and women s a en 
a stellar perfomumce at the CopLey subject is a great way swimming both win a= 
Symphony HaLL last Monday night to eam extra money conference titles ~ 

Hiatus, page 7 Opinion, page 4 Sports, page 16 :z: ... 

, H E U C 

UC SAN DIEGO THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 18, 1999 

CONSTRUCTION 

EXPANSION 
PROPOSED FOR 

UNIVERSITY 
~ENTEIS 

By Jeffrey M. Barker 
Senior Staff Writer 

Both the Price Center and the 
Student Center may expand by 
more than 50,000 square feet each 
if a University Centers Advisory 
Board (UCAB) proposal garners 
enough student votes in the 
upcoming spring election to move 
the proposed expansion projects 
into action. 

Students will vote on a $25 per 
quaner increase in the student cen-
ters tee, which will fund $12 mil-
lion in expansions to both of 
UCSD's student centers. The fees, 
however, would be collected only 
after construction is completed. 
The Associated Students Counci I 
voted 13-0 last Wednesday to 
place the measure on the April 
general elections ballot. 

With an additional 7, 000 students 
anticipated within the next ten years, the 

University Centers Advisory Board proposes 
expanding the Price Center and the StuClent 

Center ~y over 50, ()()() squqre Jeet each 
Plans for the expansions will 

not be finalized unless after the 
measure passes. 

''There is a price tag on it. We 
want to be clear about that," 
University Centers Director James 
Carruthers said. 

He also said that the fee is 
See CENTERS, Page 3 

Last Paper GRE Given in April 
EXAM: Computerized version will 
vary questions depending on 
~uracy of student's answers 
By ChrIstIne ~ 
Guardian Reporter 

Students who want to take the Graduate 
Record Examinations (GRE) this spring can 
leave their No.2 pencils at home. After April II, 
the traditional pencil and paper test format will 
be phased out for a new, computerized version of 
theGRE. . 

The pencil and paper test has been offered 
alongside the computerized version since 1993. 
But starting April II, students will no longer 
have the option of taking the written form of the 
exam. Not only is the test-taking procedure dif-
ferent for the Computer Based Test (CBT), but 
the test format also has been remodeled. 

''The two formats require different leSt-taking 
approaches. Even though most of us are comfort-

able with computers, the concept of adaptive 
testing is new," said Trent Anderson, executive 
director of graduate programs for Kaplan. "It's a 
different kind of mind game." 

In the paper-based ORE exam, all students 
were asked identical questions. Each question 
was weighted equally, meaning that easy ques-
tions had the same point value as difficult ones. 

According to Chris Schreiber, the assistant 
director of graduate programs for the Princeton 
Review and the former Guardian editor in chief, 
each student receives a unique combination of 
questions in the ORE CBT. He also said that the 
first few questions have the most impact on the 
final score. 

''The way the format works, the earlier ques-
tions are wonh more Ihan the later ones," 
Schreiber said. "In the beginning, the computer 
doesn't know anything about you, but as you get 
the first few questions right or wrong, the com-
puter begins to adapt." 

See 'IDt, Page 6 

5 D 

VOLUME 96, ISSUE 14 

Students Now 
Can Buy Books 
on the Web 
PROGRAM: UCSD joined with 
many other universities in new 
textbook-selling endeavor 
By VIncent Greenanl 
Senior Staff Writer 

UCSD students now have the ability to 
purchase and sell their used textbooks via the 
Intemet with the aid of a new program called 
BookSwap, which was set up last week. 

Recently approvcd by A.S. Council. 
BookSwap is a website where students can 
post information on books they want to sell or 
buy. Interested students can contact each other 
by way of phone or e-mail in order to sct up 
an appointment to buy or sell their books. 

A.S. Commissioner of Services and Enter-
prises Kasey Crawford said he was contacted 
by BookSwap to start the program at UCSD. 

;'They called us up and were trying to gct 
more universities 10 join up wi.th them." 
Crawford said. "From there we explored their 
central sile and thought it was a prclly good 
program. We then worked on gelling a site 
that was UCSD-specific so students could log 
on and get a specific site for UCSD books." 

A.S. President Joe Leventhal said that 
the BookSwap program will help many 
UCSD students. 

"The BookSwap program is a simple. 
straight-forward program that will save stu-
dents at this campus an enormous amount of 
money," Leventhal said. 

Crawford said the service is free and 
easy to use. Students can go to the website 
and either search tcxtbook listings or post 
their books for sale. 

Crawford also said that students who 
post a book for sale must first register by 
entering their name, e-mail address, the 
school they attend and a password. 

Crawford said that the BookSwap pro-
gram has over 4,()()() books listed among the 
many universities that use the service. 

Crawford also said that the number of 
books currently listed is always displayed 
on the home page. He said that he has 
already seen the UCSD page grow in size 
since its creation, which was only last week. 

"I've been checking this thing like the 
stock market," Crawford said Tuesday 
night. ''There were 107 books this morning. 
Right now, there are III books." 

Crawford said he has promoted the ser-
vice by means of "student-niers," and that he 
also plans to send out an all-campus mailing. 

Crawford added that the BookSwap pro-
gram offers students an easy way to exchange 
books without the costly use of a middleman. 

"I find it silly to buy a book for 60 dol-
lars, sell it at the end of the quaner for ten 
dollars and then see it sitting on the shelf as 
a used book for 40 dollars," Crawford said. 

Students can use the free service at 
http://www.BookSwap.comJUCSD. 



2 NEWS 

UCSD EVENTS 
Thursday 
Films: 'Battle of San Pietro' & 'Know Your 
Enemy' 

Enjoy this Japanese Film print from the UCSD Libraries' collection at 
5 p.m. in the Seuss Room at Geisel Library. For more information, call 
534 -79!!1. 

Price Center Movie Series: 'Meet Joe Black' 
Relax with Brad Pitt 's latest movie, which will show at 7 p.m. and 10 

p.m. in the Price Center Theater. Admission for students is $2. For more 
Information, call 350-4525. 

Frida 
Sports: Men s Baseball 

Cheer for the Tritons as they take on Chapman at I p.m. on the Triton 
Baseball Field. For morc information, call 534-4211. 

Sports: Women s Basketball 
Wall:h the Tritons take on Master's College at 7 p.m. in the RIMAC 

Arena. UCSD students are admitted for free. For more information, call 
534-4211 . 

Saturda 
Music: La Boltine Souriante 

La Bottine Souriante, the most renowned traditional music group in 
Quebec, will play folk music at 8 p.m. in Ballrooms A and B in the Price 
Center. Its repcl10ire comes from various regions across the province and 
often ha~ an Acadian flavor. Admission for students is $12. For more 
information. call 534-4090. 

Sunda 
Music: Undergraduate Performers Forum 

UCSD undergraduate music majors will perform a program of old and 
new mU~lc at 7 p.m. in the Mandeville Center Recital Hall. For more 
inforillation. ca ll 534-3229. 

Roma Nights: Geary Thompson 
This week's acoustic performance will feature Geary Thompson at 8 

p.m. in E~prc~~() Roma. For more information, call 822-2068. 

GUARDIAN 
WALT DICKINSON 

Editor in Chief 
JULIA KULLA·MADER • MEGAN SMlnt 

Manuqlllg f.'ditor.5 
TABITHA GRANSHAW • LAURA KNIGHTEN 

Copy Editors 
LEENA SHANKAR. ERIKA SNIDER 

I\'euls c'dllors 
JESSICA SC"EPPMANN 

Fellturcs Editor 
MARC COMER 
()pillion Editor 

JAKE GORDON & JOHN MAYNARD 
Sports Editors 

NICK RUNCO 
Desiyn Editor 

TRAVIS HILL 
Associate Sports t'ditor 

UNDSAY SWORSKI 
Itiatus Editor 

DAVID LEE 
Associate lIiatus Editor 

DAVE LUBITZ 
Photo Editor 

USA HUFF 
/Issociate Photo Editor 

JOHN BARBER 
Graphics Editor 

EOtTORIAL ASSISTANTS Jesse Fisher, ScOli Shibata 
SlNIOIt STIIfF WRITUIS 

.John Barber. Jeff Barker. GeneVieve Co~. Theodore Ookko. VW'lCent Gragnanl, Mary Haegtns. Laura 
KnIghten. Dave lubiU. Annam Manlhlratn. Jenny NlCtlo'son. M(Ht( Smith, Scott Yager 

ITA" WIIITIIII 
BIU Burger. Shannon Castle. Brent Don, Bewand Fan, Karl Friedman. BrOOke Garrettson. 

Jennifer Gract)'. NtlOU Mostof. , Christine Pangan. JacOb ScheChter. Eve Senuty 
IUUSTR.cTOItS 

Mike Belle. Kristine Chane. AUStin HSIa. AlICe Lin, Joe Pan. Josephine RObertS. NtCoolas Runco 
DESIGNERS Karen Tran, Thomas Weng 

COPY ftEADlltl Ahson Noms. Kevin Byrne 
Wl8MAlTEIt Brian Wlkner 

COMPUTIII ~ Dav,d Ghcksman 

ANN BARmno 
Business Manager 

MIKE MARTINEZ BROCK HALTER 
AdvertiSing Art Director Advertising MtmlJgt!T 

YVETTE ALCALA 
,Isslstunt Business Munager 

ADVEIITlSlNG ASSISTIUIT Melody Gonz"es 
CIRCUlATION ASSISTANTS 

Jason Allen. PhIllip Gokiman. Ethan Levy. JacOb Meyberg. Brady Phelps. Nate Smllh 
ADVERnliNG 0UtGN • LAYOUT John Barber. Casey BUitenhuys. Joe Pan 

The UCSD GU8{(11at1 IS publiShed Mondays ana ThurSdays dUring the acaderruc year by and for 
tne students of UCSO. ReprodUCtion 01 thIS newspaper In any form. whether In whOle or In 
part. WIthout permISSion IS strIctly prohIbIted. C 1999. atl fights reserved . The UCSD GuarC1tllfl 
IS r'tOt reSPOnSIble for the return at vnSOllClted manuscnpts or 8ft . The ViewS expresSed herein 
dO not necessarlty represent the opinions of The UCSD GuardIan, the UnIverSity of Cahform8 or 
the ASSOCiated Students. The UCSD Guard/an IS funded SOlely by advertISIng. 
Btg lhanI<s 10 Megan fer CIeO/1ll'C Mtlle en"" oro M~' altice' 'Ill"" 

News/Features. 5345226. General Edlto"al: 534-6581 
Opinion/SpoilS : 534 6582. Hiatus: 534-6583 
AdvertiSing Office: 534-3466. Fax: 534·7691 

email: guardlan#Ncsd.edu 
Guardian Onlrne . hllP:llwww ucsd.edulguardlanl 

UCSD Guardian, 9500 Gilman Drive 0316, 
La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 

Actual location: Second Floor. UCSO Student Center BUilding 'A' . Rm. 217 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday. February 18. 1999 

LIFE IN HELL 

l'ff'~ H€Ll., 

BRIEFLY ••• 

Profs Elected to National Academy 
The National Academy of Engineering (NAE) 

announced on Tuesday that three UCSD engineering 
professors have been elected into the academy. Paul 
Libby, professor emeritus of fluid mechanics, Frieder 
Seible, professor and chair of structural engineering 
and Frank Talke, professor of mechanical engineering 
and endowed chair in the Center for Magnetic 
Recording Research (CMRR), were elected into the 
academy by their peers. 

It is the first time in one year that three UCSD fac· 
ulty members have been elected into the academy. 
Additionally, the Jacobs School of Engineering was 
one of four academic institutions in the nation to have 
three only faculty members elected to the NAE in 
1999. With this election, the total number of National 
Academy faculty members affiliated with the Jacobs 
School increases to 15. As a percentage of the total 
faculty, this is one of the highest faculty representa-
tions of academy membership in the country. 

Members of the NAE include indivlduals from 
industry, government or academia who have distin-
guished themselves in one of 12 fields of engineering. 
Members are elected by their peers in recognition of 
important contributions to engineering theory and 
practice or demonstration of unusual accomplish-· 
ments in the pioneering of new and developing fields 
of technology. 

'I1INtre Department to Feature 
Two New Play. by ....... 

The UCSD Department of Theatre and Dance will 
present its New Play Showcase, which will feature two 
world-premiere productions by UCSD Masters of Ane 
Arts Playwriting candidates. Andrew Case's ·Universal 
Grammar· - a story of the convergence of the histo-
ries, memories and desires of the play's characters -
will open on Friday, Feb. 26 at 8 p.m. with additional 
performances on Sunday, Feb. 28 at 2 p.m., 
Thursday, March 4 at 6 and 8 p.m. and Saturday, 
March 6 at 8 p.m. 

Andrea StolowiU's "Geological Disturbances· is a 
story about a seemingly happy, 1956 town, which 
begins to develop contradictions that threaten to 
unravel everyone's constructed vision of the future. 
"Geological Disturbances" will open on Wednesday, 
Feb. 27 at 8 p.m. Other performances will be on 
Friday, March 5 at 8 p.m. and March 6 at 2 p.m. 

Tickets to these plays are $4. All performances 
will take place at the Mandel Weiss Forum Studio. For 
tickets, call the UCSD Theatre and Dance Box OffICe 
at 5344574. 

A panel of guests will speak on the topic of 
"Nonacademic Careers for Science and Technical 
Ph.Os" on Tuesday, Feb. 23 from 2:30 p.m. to 4 p.m. 
at the Career Services Center. The panel will include 
Diane Baxter, the education partnership coordinator at 
the Birch Aquarium at Scripps; Emelyn Eldredge, an edi-
tor at the Academic Press; Thomas fitting, who works 
for the Office of Patent Counsel at The Scripps 
Research Institute; and John Newsam, the chief scien-
tific officer for Molecular Simulations, Inc. For more 
information, call 534-3750. 

Blood DrIve to Be Held at • 
The UCSD Human Resources Depar and 

Student Health and Wellness Center will be ipdftsor-
ing a blood drive at UCSD. The drive will take place in 
Price Center, Ballroom B on Feb. 22, Feb. 23 and Feb. 
24 from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. No appointment is neces-
sary. Donors are asked to eat before giving blood and 
to bring picture identification. Those who have given 
before should bring a Donor 1.0, Card. Additionally. 
prospective donors who donated blood in the last 56 
days are ineligible to give blood in this drive. All 
donors will receive a free T-shirt. For more informa-
tion, call (800) 479-3902. 

Free Lecture to Be GIven .. Med 
School 

Kim Barrett. a professor at the UCSD School of 
Medicine, will be present a free lecture on ·Signaling 
in Secretory Epithelia: Implications for Cystic FibroSI.s 
and Other Disorders of Membrane Transport" at 4:30 
p.m. on Thursday, Feb. 25 In Garren Auditorium in the 
Basic Science Building. The lecture is pert of the 
1998-99 Faculty Distin&ulshed Lecture series spon-
sored by the UCSD School of Medicine Dean's OffICe. 
A reception will follow the lecture. For more informa-
tion, call 534-1503. 

Thursday. February 18, 1999 

CENTERS: 
Students will vote 
on the expansion 
CoIdIa.ed"" .... 1 
unique because it will not be 
imposed upon students until con-
struction is completed, which is 
projected to be in 2002. 

"We won't stan collecting the 
fee until the facilities are usable," 
Carruthers said. 

Additions to the Old Student 
Center would be built on top of 
Groundwork Books and the KSDT 
rcldio station. Both buildings are the 
only single-level sections of the 
complex, and were originally 
designed to suppon second stories. 
Carruthers said the center would 
not. as was originally thought, 
expand southward - a move that 
would have elimjnated the metered 
parking spaces. 

The Price Center's two options 
for expansion are either toward the 
east. in the current location of the 
campus police station, or toward 
the south. in the .current location of 
the chancellor's complex. 

"The chancellor wants to stay in 
that complex for the rest of his 
life." Associate Director of Capital 
Planning Judy O'Boyle said. 

Carruthers said that the Price 
Center expansion would take place 
to the east, along with an already 
planned relocation of the police 
station. No money from the studenl 

centers fee would fund the reloca-
tion of the police building. 

Carruthers also said that no 
trees would be harmed or removed 
by the expansion projects. 

UCAB received input for the 
expansion from the student body and 
from campus organizations. 
Students were invited to open 
forums during winter quarter. The 
initial drawings and ideas came from 
several sessions where students pr0-
posed ideas and added suggestions 
to blueprints of the two centers. 

Student suggestions included a 
24-hour study lounge, large "U"-
shaped meeting rooms with voice, 
video and data connectivity and a 
black box theater. 

UCAB members are currently 
meeting with student organizations 
to get a beuer understanding of 
their opinions on the proposed 
expansion. Proposed ideas include 
an expansion of A.S. Soft Reserves, 
A.S. Lecture Notes, the student co-
ops and The UCSD Guardian 
office. There have also been 
requests for additional conference 
rooms and a student organizations 
center equipped with computers 
and phone and fax terminals. 

Brian Cross, the UCAB chair, 
said that UCAB has received noth-
ing but positive feedback from the 
student organizations it has met 
with so far. 

Cross said that while UCAB 
does not want to limit possibilities, 
some ideas will most likely be 

The UCSD Guardian 

scrapped. He said that suggestions 
such as a bowling alley and hair 
salon may not have a wide enough 
appeal to students in an education-
al environment. 

The idea for the expansion came 
from the Quality of Life survey, con-
ducted 18 months ago by the which 
surveyed 2.600 UCSD students. A 
general facilities assessment led by 
A.S. President Joe Leventhal also 
contributed to the proposal. 

The move for expansion was 
also prompted by the 7,000 addi-
tional students that have been pro-
jected to join the UCSD communi-
ty within the next 10 years. 

In order for the proposed expan-
sion to become reality, a majority 
of the student body must vote in 
favor of the project in the upcom-
ing election. Carruthers said that a 
minimum of 3,700 students must 
cast votes. 

"I will be campaigning untillhis 
thing passes," said Doc Khaleghi, 
A.S. commissioner of -academic 
affairs and representative of 
UCAB. who introduced the mea-
sure to the A.S. Council. 

The student centers fee was last 
raised in 1984, and is currently 
$37.50 per quaner, per student. 

The studenl centers last saw 
construction in 1993. with the 
redesign of Poner's Pub. The Old 
Student Center underwent a basic 
remodel in 1991, and the Price 
Center has not been renovated 
since it was constructed in 1989. 

Wldnaclly "'14, reggae band DONIC 
.~ 11M amnt, ¥lid UCSO 1>, nut be 21 

-------- TONIGHT THURSDAY FEB 18 8:30PM ~''''. pr~5~nt5' 
. ~lJaSI~ ~ W~ 

IS ..... dllors 
SATURDAY, FEB,20 

€~ 
THURSDAY 

FEBRUARY 25 

(rroaJ ......... 

811Y1OY 
ALLITAII 

A COMMON 
EVENING 

WITH 

rHiiOOfS 
WI 

............. 4· ...... (Docn SIIut.) _.11 
The .... 3 ........ II1II, ..... ., .................. 13 .............. 17 

__ I11III ...... _.18· ............. 19&20 .C-__ .... 26 
...•. 1·...................... ...... ... 16 

Mqj 
TAVII.. • 

143 SouIh CedroI A~ SoIInIIuch 

for Info 
ITlcllcts 
('1')411 .. 140 

NEWS 3 

--------

86~ 
said their friends would 

disapprove of them using 
marijuana regularly 

1998 Core Survey UCSD 

-. 

• 
• 
• 
• 

TODAY'S ISSUE : 
• 

: GiJiildWi PAGE 9 : 
~----------------- ______ I 



4 OPINION 

EDITORIALS 
Editorial Board 

w ... Dlcldn_. Editor in Chief 
julie Ku" ...... '. Managing Editor Me,.. .. 1tII. Managing Editor 

M_c C-,. Opimon Editor 
T ................. Copy Editor 

rne ucso Guan1latl .s pubhShe<l IVI'lCe a week at the UnfYfrSI!Y of California, San Owgo Contents 
01999 V~S eAj)(essed hefelfl represent the M8jOf1t)' \IOte 01 the edltonal board, and ate not 

neceSSiII'lty those of the UC Board of RegeOlS. the ASUCSO. nOf' tne entire Guardian staff 

The Guardian Offers Moral 
and Financial Support 

A strange phenomenon usually occurs around this 
time winter quarter. It is a realization that slowly 
creeps up on students as they trudge around campus. 
While most students who experience this phenome-
non deny it at first. it usually hits them at the ATM 
after they look at their receipt: They are really poor. 

Well. never fear! We at the Guardian can help you 
in your sorry situation. Not only can we offer you 
moral support in your time of need. we can offer you 
a solution to your situation: Money! 

Yes. the Guardian has a myriad oj' writing jobs 
available throughout the year for students of all 
shapes and sizes. From a sports beat to an opinion 
columnist, everyone can find a sectIon to lit their per-
sonal needs. desires and talents. 

Our hard-working section editors are always look-
ing for new writers to fill the paper with clean and 
concise articles . Why. they even look for humor 
someti mes ! Can you believe it? 

A writer can write for as many sections as they 
want. and the topics they can write about are endless. 

News writers cover all sorts of campus events. 
Ever wanted to know what the A.S. Council does 
during their Wednesday night meetings? Become the 
A.S. beat writer and you' II know more than you've 
ever wanted to know about the quirks and quarrels of 
the students' governing body. Do you want to inter-
view the bigwigs and investigate the rumored under-
ground dorm conspiracy? Then the news department 
is the place for you. 

Every student has some pet peeve they would love 
to tell the world about. Why not put it in print by writ-
ing for the opinion section? Writers for the opinion 
section also have the ability to investigate and debate 
hard-hitting issues of our time. The opinion section 
can pay you for writing your political science essay! 

What student wouldn't want to attend free con-
certs and movie screenings and get free CDs and 
other toys distributed by marketing departments? 
Well. now you can for the low. low price of writing 
an article. which we pay you for anyway. What a 
deal! Write for the hiatus section if you want us to 
pay you to watch movies and listen to music. 

Have you ever wondered who those people are 
that play the drums in front of the Old Gym every 
Friday afternoon? Well. why don't you get off your 
lazy butt and interview them for the features section? 
Features writers get to cover all sorts of topics the 
general population has always wanted to know about. 
From si rippers and Tijuana clubs to your funny-look-
ing economics professor. features' writers cover it all. 

The Gltardiall knows the UCSD student body is 
obsessed with sports. That 's why we are wondering 
why more of you aren't begging us to be sports writ-
er~ . Sports writers get it all- from the excitement of 
watching the practically undefeated men 's basketball 
team cream UC Santa Cruz to writing articles late at 
night in a drunken state. Sports rock! 

And if you were ever jealous of the editors at the 
Guardian because of how lucky they were to get their 
jobs. well never fear. you. too, can be one of us . Yes. 
all of us were once writers. and we moved into our 
cu rrent johs with a little brown-nosing and bribery. 

All you have to do is become a regular writer for 
any of the sections and the editor job is almost in the 
bag. Just be enthusiastic. nexible. willing to learn and 
able to get your articles in on time and you. yes YOU. 
could be the next editor in chief. 

To get involved stop by the Guardian office or e-
mail us at guardian@ucsd.edu 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday. February 18. 1999 

PINION 
SHoW' ME THE MONey"! 

Aust,n Hsia/Guarcllan 

RESEARCH ASSISTANTS FIND 
MONEY IN SCIENTIFIC STUDIES 

COMMENTARY: 
For starving students, 
becoming a lab rat may 
lead to financial security 
By Jaquellne Cheung 
Contributing Opinion Writer 

As an ordinary student at UCSD. 
you're probably struggling to balance 
your studies. your social life and, of 
course. your ever-depleted finances. 

Fear not poor. starving students. I 
have discovered a fool -proof. non-
time censuming and convenient way 
to make some cash. It doesn't involve 
compromising your dignity. nor will 
you fear attending confession. lI's 
merely a great temporary job that 
allows college students to make some 
much needed extra cash. II involves 
volunteering. or as I like to say. 
becoming a "lab rat." 

Perusing through an issue of the 
Guardian a few weeks ago, I stumbled 
upon a research study that read some-
thing along the lines of. "Allention 
Night Owls. want to make $400 cash?" 
I called the number. investigated the 
study and signed .myself up as a 
researeh subject. Though it may sound 
complicated and risky. iI's quite simple. 

For this particular study. I needed 
to make a couple of lah visits, docu-
ment my ~Ieep hours, wcar a wrist 
band that measures the amount of light 
I am exposed to and give a few urine 
samples. And for this I got $400. 

I would highly recommend explor-
ing this avenuc f()r anyone in need of 
somc extra money. There really is noth-
ing tedious about being a "lab rat" or, 
more favorably put. a scientific research 
assistant. In fact. the benefib are great. 

To begin with. you don't necessari-
ly have to spend any extra time doing 
it - a major plus when finals roll 
around and you' re having trouble find-
ing time to comb your hair. let alone 
sleep. For those who don't have time 

I would highly 
recomRlend exploring 
this avenue for 
an,one In need of 
soRle extra Rlone,. 
lb.,e reali, Is nothing 
tedious about being a 
"lab rat" or, Rlore 
favorabl, put, a 
scientific re .. arch 
.... stant. In fact, the 
benefits are great. 
to work a regular job. don't want to 
detract from your studies or are look-
ing for temporary work. there are 
some great opportunities out there. 

You can choose whatever type of 
scientific research you want to partici-
pate in . I wouldn't recommend the 
experiment involving a new Ilea-bite 
cream specilically designed for beauti-
ful women between the ages of 18 and 
26 that reads "Some nudity required." 
but other than that. you should be safe. 

For most of the studies. the pay is 
well worth the eft'on. You don't have to 
negotiate wages. You get one lump sum 
for very lillie work. The best part is. 
you don't have to worry about pleuing 
your boss. You come on your own 

terms. and if you don'tlike what's hap-
pening you arc fully within your rights 
to withdraw from a study at any time. 

Finding opportunities to become a 
research subject is as easy as looking 
through the pages of the latest 
Guardian or strolling through the 
Price Center and looking at day-glow 
flyers . Some of the studies only 
require an interview. There are also 
postings and sign-up sheets for psy-
chology experiments in the psycholo-
gy department on the first floor of the 
McGill Annex. 

Now. some people might have some 
inhibitions about turning themselves 
into "lab rats." Those of you who have 
seen the movie "Senseless" with 
Daman Wayans may be a little para-
noid about how participation in a 
research study will ' affect your 
lifestyle. not to mention your pride and 
dignity. (For his research study in the 
movie. Wayans had to give himself 
shots in the bullocks that were intend-
ed to magnify his senses.) The majori-
ty of research studies advertised 
around campus are UCSD affiliated. II 
is probably safe to assume that they are 
legitimate and not likely to cause any 
long-term. or for that mailer. short-
term problems. Many of the studies are 
even conducted by UCSD students. 

As an experienced "lab rat." I can 
say that it sometimes gets a lillie 
weird. When people ask why I' m 
wearing a wristband. I like to tell them 
I'm under house arrest. However. all it 
really requires are some minor adjust-
ments to my everyday routine. 

You have nothing to lose by 
becoming a "lab rat." Though I would-
n't advise making it a full-time job. 
participating in research studies is an 
easy way to make some extra money. 
Give it a chance. and remember. the 
politically correct term is scientific 
research assistant. 

&nd CfJWIIMnts and ulters to the 
Editor to guardian.ucsd.edu 

Thursday. February 18. 1999 The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

DEMOCRATS MOVE RIGHT To WIN ELECTIONS 
Editor: 

Simone Santini failed to explain 
why the Democrats have moved to 
the political center ("Liberal 
Disappearing Act." Feb. 8). 

Democrats moved to the center 
because thaI's where the voters 
are. and because that 's where the 
effective policies are. The 
Democrats got tired of losing pres-
idential elections in the ·80s. and 
so presidency-oriented Democrats 
moved to the center - Dukakis 
part of the way. Clinton all the 
way. 

When the Democrats in 
Congress got swept from office in 
'94. they. too. realized that they'd 
beller move to the center or remain 
an irrelevant minority. By contrast. 
the Republicans haven' t moved to 
the right overall: They've just got a 
radical wing that got tired of keep-
ing quiet in the '80s and early '90s. 
and they finally decided to flex 
their muscles. 

All during the Reagan era. 
RepUblicans mostly kept their 
mouths shut because they knew 
that abortion and other Christian 
Right issues were non-starters with 
the Democrats in charge of the 
House. All through that period. the 
mantra was: Win Congress and We 
Can Legislate Our Views On 
Everyone. Then. they won 
Congress: They got what they 
asked for. and for the social conser-

vatives especially. the old cliche 
held true. They've regrelled it ever 
since. 

Look at it from the Repub-
licans' point of view. lI's no fun 
realizing that the only reason most 
Americans liked you in the first 
place was because you kept taxes 
low. plus you were scarier Ie the 
Soviets than the Democratic fuzzy-
wuzzies of the '70s and '80s 
(Commie-lighting Democrats like 
Robert Byrd and Scoop Jackson 
excepted). 

Most Americans never really 
thought that the big problems in 
America could be fixed with 
school prayer or by banning abor-
tion. The Democrats won big on 
those kinds of social issues. But. 
despite their success on some 
social issues. the Democrats kept 
losing elections throughout the 
'80s and '90s until they told their 
unpopular wings - feminists. 
underrepresented racial. ethnic 
and sexual minorities and activists 
for the poor - to keep their 
mouths shut until at least after 
they got back in power. 

Why did the Democrats do so? 
Because over the course of the' 80s 
and '90s. the Democratic party -
along with many Democratic vot-
ers - realized that there are many 
tragedies in life that government 
just can't fix . 

Democratic politicians realized 

Lett.,. t~g Editor 
The Guardian welcomes letters from 
its readers. All letters must be no 
longer than three pages. typed, dou· 
bl&-spaced and signed. Letters must 
also contain a phone number. We 
reserve the right to edit for length 
and clarity. Letters may be dropped 
off at the Guardian office on the 
second floor of the Old Student 
Center. Send all letters to: 

The UCSD Guardian 
Opinion Editor 

9500 Gilman Dr. 0316 
La Jolla. CA 92093-0316 

Fax: (619) 534·7691 
&-mail: guardian4Pucsd.edu 

that strong unions put union work-
ers out of work by selling wages 
too high. that anti-poverty pro-
grams that actually eliminate 
poverty are almost impossible to 
build unless you're willing to say 
"get a job" to at least some people. 
and that. overall. incentives really 
mailer. The best research in the 
social sciences backs them up on 
these kinds of policy issues. For 
example. Santini was wrong in 
arguing that "the focus lof anti-

crime policy) should shift from 
building more prisons ... to preven-
tion and rehabilitation." Santini's 
statement is the kind of starry-eyed 
utopian thinking that got the 
Democrats into trouble in thc first 
place. 

How. exactly. does one prevent 
crime and rehabilitate criminals? 
Will self-esteem seminars for con-
victed criminals work? How about 
some "job training" programs 
where the ex-cons watch filmstrips 
on how to show up for work on 
time" 

The hard truth is. we don't 
know very much about how to fix 
broken people. But we do know 
that the fear of punishment deters 
crime (As sociologist Rodney Stark 
asked: "Ever slowed down at a 
well-known speed trap?") and that 
keeping much-worse-than-average 
people away from the rest of us 
keeps society safer. 

Research by Steve Levill at the 
University of Chicago demonstrat-
ed that when prisoners get unex-
pectedly released (because of suc-
cessful anti-prison-crowding law-
suits). crime clearly goes up. 
That 's the kind of research that 
reinforces the common sense of 
every Joe and Jane Lunchbox in 
America. Hence. the party that 
locks up bad guys is the one that 
wins elcctions. 

Recent research has also 

allacked another core-Democrat 
constituency. teachers ' unions. 
Caroline Hoxby of Harvard 
showed that in states that passed 
anti-teachers' -union laws. per-
pupil-spending went down. but stu-
dent performance went up. Thc 
teachers' unions really were the 
enemy of good education. stifling 
the power of individual teachers 
and principals to come up with 
good educational solutions. 

Hoxby also showed that having 
a lot of school districts to choose 
from is good for students; just as 
any right-winger could have told 
you. The forces of competition 
cause student performance to rise. 
because schools have to compete 
for students (Both examples are 
from The Economist. Dec. 19. 
1998). 

In this and a thousand other 
ways. serious research has been 
backing moderate. market-friendly 
policy choices that respect the 
power of incentives. a power that 
liberals only notice when dis-
cussing the need for campaign 
finance reform. As Democrats 
come to recognize the importance 
of incentives. they ' ve moved 
toward the center. And if they can 
stay there. they'lI keep winning 
electi~ns. 

Garett Jones 
Department or Economics 

Ph.D. Student 

THE UCSD CENTER FOR HUMANITIES PRESENTS 

SEAMUS HEANEY 

IRELAND'S NOBEL LAUREATE POET 
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 1999 • 6:00PM 

MANDEVILLE AUDITORIUM 
Seamus Heaney, recipient of the 1995 Nobel Prize for Literature, 
will read selections from his work, including poems from his new 
book, OPENED GROUND: Selected Poems 1966-1996 (Farrar 
Straus & Giroux). A native of Northern Ireland, Heaney has been 
called by Robert Lowell'1he most important Irish poet since Yeats," 
and the Columbia Encyclopedia (Fifth Edition) says Heaney "may 

be the finest poet writing in English today." 



6 NEWS 

SEMIIAR 
Join COUNCIL TRAVEL at the 

International Center Lounge 
Wednesday, March Jrd, 5-' pm 
Enter to WIN a FREE 
ticket to LONDON or 

EURAILPASS! 

What You Need to Know 
Before You GO! 

Pass rts Best Guide Books Chea 
Air, Work & Study Abroad Programs, 

Reservation required. call to Railpasses and Car Rentals, Student & 
reserve your scat. .. Budget Tours, Hostels, Pensions and 

Bud et Hotels. 
~~~---------------~ CIEE: Council on Intern .. tional Educational Exchange 

• Comb i n e t rave l and a tudy 

• Op e n En r o llm e nt 

• Earn Un i ve r sity c r edi t 

• Flna n c .la l a i d 15 ava l. labl. 

(618) 452-8638 
University of California 

Berkeley Summer Sessions 

INTERNATIONAL PROGRAMS 1999 
WNU' AU lJlJl. GOING rNIS SIJ.II,1'U1 

GumajJato, Mezico-Jun( 21-July 16 
SpaIb ..... 1It LatiD cuIbft 
Barb.doI, West IDdiCi 
July 5-Augull 3 
Caribbe ... edu&:ati_. euJlure. aad polilia 
FIorr:oce, Italy-July 5-August 7 

Sautb AlriI: .. PDlito 
China-July 5-AuguS14 
~biotaryODd""'" 
Madrid, Spain-June 26-July 30 
SpaIb cuIbft ODd c:misotiao 
The NetbcrlandalBdgium 

The UCSD Guardian 

TEST: Questions 
cannot be answered 
out of order on test 
ContInued from ..... 1 

A press release from the 
Princelon Review staled lhat lhe 
queslions lhal appear laler in lhe 
lesl will serve only 10 fine-tunc 
each tesl-taker's aplilude level, and 
for this reason, the firsl few ques-
l ions are crucial. 

"If you miss the first few ques-
tions, Ihe compuler thinks thal you 
arc below average." Anderson said. 
' 'Then il 'S harderlo recover and get 
lO the more difficult queslions Ihal 
are worlh more points." 

Anderson said students who are 
prone to making nervous mislakes 
early in the test should be especial-
ly cautious. 

"The CBT format penalizes 
people who rush through, or make 
major mistakes in the beginning," 
Anderson said. 

Another feature unique lO the 
computer-based lest is lhal only 
one question appears on the screen 
at a lime. Students can only pro-
ceed lo the neXl queslion after 
answering the last one. 

"With the CBT, you can'l go 
backwards, you can't skip around," 
Schreiber said. "You can't, for 
example, do the questions you 
know best first. and then save the 
harder ones for later. You mUSI do 
lhe questions in order." 

However, the CBT has other 
new features lhat may make the 
ride less bumpy than expected. 
The CBT is administered virtually 
ev~ry day of the year, and students 
ca~ register for the exam only a 
few days prior to the test date. 

In addition, unofficial scores are 
returned immediately after the test, 
and official scores arc sent out 10 
days after the test date. 

"One of the main advantages of 
lhe computer version of the test is 
instant scoring," Anderson said. 

The new computer test is also 
given under less crowded condi-
lions than the pen and paper test. 
According to a press release from 

Thursday, February 18, 1999 

Anderson said. 
Anderson said that there are 

many long-term advantages of Ihe 
CBT format, as well. He said, for 
example, that it will allow for a 
variety of testing models. 

"In future testing, there could be 
auditory comprehension, where 
you hear the computer read a pas-
sage and then you respond accord-
ing to what you hear," Anderson 

lhe Princeton 
Revie,)V, CBT ses- .. A lot of the 

said. "This format 
also allows for 
partial credit to be 
given more easily. 
There might also 
be video clips 
where you watch 
and then answer 
questions on whal 
you see. The 
opportunities for 
the future are 

sions usually con-
sisl of no more 
lhan 12 people Sil-
ling at individual 
cubicles by lheir 
own computers. 

Schreiber said 
lhal some studenls 
remain 
vinced. 

uncon-

students .r. 
freaking out. A 
lot of them don't 
know what to 
.xpect.I ..... 
H'. Just fear of 
the unknown." 

"A lot of the 
sludents are freak-
ing out," Schreiber 
said. "A lot of 

- ChrIa Sc:IIreiber great." 
Assistant Director of 

Graduate Programs for the 
Princeton Review 

April 10 is the 
last chance to take 
the writtaa version 
of the ORE. To take lhem don't know 

what to expect. I guess it's just fear 
of the unknown." 

Marshall senior .\dam Willis 
said he prefers the written form of 
lheexam. 

"I'm the type of person that 
likes to do the questions out of 
order," Willis said. 'The fact that 
you can't do that on the computer-
ized test scares me. But it will be 
nice 10 get my scores back so fast." 

Anderson said that since the 
advent of the CBT in 1993, more 
students have been choosing to 
take the pencil and paper test, but 
this trend is slowly changing. 

"In 1998, for the first time more 
people chose to take the computer 
test. It's been a gradual change." 

the April 10 tesI, prospective gradu-
ate-school students must register no 
later than March 5. Students can reg-
ister on-line at the web site 
hnp:l/www.gre.org, or can call (609) 
771-7670. 

To register for the computerized 
version, call 1-8oo-GRE-CALL. 
There is a $96 registration fee for 
each tests. 

Schreiber said that the 
Educational Testing Service has 
announced the "last paper test" 
before, but then has proceeded to 
administer more. But this time, he 
said. it's official. 

"They've been saying t!Jat for 
quite a while, but this is really the 
last one," Schreiber said. "This is it." 

June 2S 10 July 23 
DuIdI ODd Fk:miob ~ 1ft, ODd &_ 
~.vana, Cuba -June 14-July 9 
Cube billDr)', <1IInft. ODd poSla 

The [:C"-,,,'f) Guardian 

Presented by 

Pari .. France-July 5-Auguslll 
FI'OIII!b ...... '" lItaJlnft 
London,EngJand-JuIy 2-July 30 
AdiIII ODd Laodan lbea"" 
'Limited 10 U.C. Berkdey 1IUdm .. only 

February 
23 TWENTY DATES (United States) 
24 TANGO (Spain) 
25 FIRE IN PARADISE (Switzerland)'7pm 

IN 1j'KaI.~jER DARK (Austrolia) 
March 
2 - THE DRESS (Netherlonds) 

DRAGON TOWN STORY (HonglCong) 
8 SPICY LOVE SOUP (ChirtCl) 

. TREE OF CHERRIES (Spain) 
9 THE SOONG SISTERS (HonglCong) 
30 DIVINE (McxlCo) 

RIVER OF GOLD (Portugal) 
April 
13 BROTHER (RUSSia) 

THE SHOE (LatVtO/GerlllOny) 
20 PIANESE NUNZIO (Italy) 

BURNT BY FROST (Norway) 

All films San Diego area premieres! 

April 
27 BETTER UVING (lhIited States) 

THE QUIET FAMILY (South Korco) 
27 BETTER LIVING (United Stata) 

THE QUIET FAMILY (SouthKorco)1 
28 CHALO AMERICA (India) 

FISHING WITH GHANDI (United States) 
29 DAVID'S SUMMER (Italy) 

PASSION (~JMay 
4 ANGELS OF THE. DUMPS (Macedonia) 

GOING TO SCHOOL WITH 
DAD ON MY BACK (China) 

10 A SHORT NIGHT (Short subject films) 
11 EMPEROR'S SHADOW (China) 

MADE IN HONG KONG (Hong Kong) 
13 ANIMA TION CELEBRA TION 
June 
4 THANKS FOR THE TIP (Spain/Catolunya) 

(Titles subject to change.) 
Fiilms shown in UCSD Mandeville Auditorium. Single features shown at 8pm. 
-Double features begin at 7pm. *(separate tickets must be purchased for each film.) 
Series Passes: Students $35 • G.A. $65 Single film Tickets: Students $4 • G,A. $6 
Festival info: 619-534-0497. UCSD Box Office: 619-534-TIXS. Visit our Web site @ http://ueo.ucsd,edu 

UCSD University Events Office The festlvolls supported by the UCSD Visual Arts Dept., Time Wrrnu Cable, Landmark Theatre Corp., Sony Picture Classics, Fox Searchlight Pitt'"'. 

• •• 

Natalie Merchant 
brought her powerful 
performance of both 
new and old tunes to 

the 2000-plus crowd at 
Copley Symphony Hall 

last Monday night 
ormer 10,000 Maniac Natalie Merchant performed before a soid-oul 
crowd last Monday night at Copley Symphony Hall in downtown San 
Diego as part of a tour to promote her most recent album, Ophelia. 

Perhaps Merchant detected a unique enthusiasm from the crowd or 
perhaps she is learning more every day about how to please an audi -
ence. In any case, Merchant gave the 2,OOO-plus crowd an opportunily 
to enjoy both her personality and musical genius. 

Merchant began her performance with the title track "Ophelia" from 
her album. The song tells of several different characters, all named 
Ophelia, played by Merchanl in the recently released film of the same 

name. 

Ophelia. Merchanl's second solo effort, was certified platinum laSI September, 
aboul seven months after it was released. Out of the three singles she has released 

however. only one, "Kind and Generous," has received considerable air play by local 
radio sIal ions. 

Throughout her tours. Merchant generally prefers to play in small venues such as Ihe-
alers. Despile the small size of Copley Symphony Hall, Merchant marveled at how large the 
stage was. 

''They say lhings are big in Texas," Merchant said, "hul I think they' re a lot bigger 
here at Copley." 

Merchanl told the audience thai the large stage made her want to put on a "larger-lhan-
life show," though she acknowledged this is impossible. However, Merchant's successful 
"no-bigger-than-life show" was by no means a letdown. 

In addition lO songs from Ophelia, Merchanl performed IWO singles, "Wonder" and 
"Carnival;' from her lasl album. 7igerlif)'. Merchant's trademark enthusiaslic and 
intense dancing was especially evidenl in her performance of "CarnivaL" Merchanl 
also performed some of her favorites from her days with 10,000 Maniacs, including 
"These Are Days," "What's the Matter Here?," "Stockton Gala Days" and "Dust 
Bowl." 

The last two are recent additions 10 her band's repertoire from the albums of 
10.000 Maniacs. She told the audience that she added lhem 10 her set list because 
fan's wanted il to be more varied. 

Merchant added a considerable amounl of energy lO "Dust Bowl," a normally 
mellow song about a single mother slruggling to raise her three children. Merchant 
accelerated the tempo and added both vocal and instrumenlal volume, reaching cli-
maxes at several points during the song. 

Merchant said that she appreciales the energy of an audience and consequent-
ly she often asks audience members lo stand up and dance. Aboul halfway 
through the show, Merchanl did exactly lhat, warning the audience with a "tick-
tock" sound that the lime to dance was running out. 

"This is a landmark thealer with landmark rules," Merchant said with a smile. 
"Please respect the upholstery." 

Many audience members then rushed toward the stage to spend the rest of the 
concert closer to Merchant. 

Throughout the show, Merchant's desire to interact with the enthusiaslic audi-
ence was obvious. Merchant touched many hands, graciously accepted flowers and 
entertained conversations and requests from audience members. 

During her encore performance, Merchant sang a portion of her 10,000 Mani-
acs hit ' 'Trouble Me" at the request of an audience member. Another song she sang 
upon request was "My Skin," from the Ophelia album. The song, which tells the 
siory of a woman struggling with the personal isolation brought about by cancer, has 
not been a part of Merchant's concert set list but she said she had heard many 
requests for it throughout her lour. Merchant played "My Skin" on Ihe piano, wilh-
out the help of her six-member band. 

Merchant also sang covers ofDavid Bowie's "Space Oddity," Janis lan 's "At Sev-
enleen" and Kelell Keineg 's "Gulf' of Araby." Merchant invited her opening aCl , John 
Kelly, 10 sing with her during "Al Seventecn." 

On an unusual nOle. in Ihe beginning of the evening, Merchant inlroduced her 
opening act as Joni Milchell. However, many audience members were disappoinled lO 
find out thai it was inslead a performer named John Kelly impersonaling Milchell. 
Although he drew a few heckles from the audience, his performance of' Joni Milchell 
covers was fairly well received. 

While Merchant's show may not have been the "larger than life" show lhal she said 
was impossible, it was highly successful. Her diverse set list, enthusiastic dancing and 
successful attempts to connect with the audience created a wonderful performance. 



8 HIATUS The UCSD Guardian Thursday, February 18, 1999 

ACOUSTIC AND ELECTRONIC MUSIC MEET MODERN 
UCSD Music l)epartment faculty and grad students perform contemporary compositions at the Sonar concert 
By William Steinberg 
Staff Wnter 

Once ever) quaner. the UCSD 
mU~ l c depanm.:nt \ fine,t faculty 
and graduate student performers 
come together for the SONOR con-
c..:n \eric~ . Thc~e mU'lcian~ arc 
known for thclr dedicati on to the 
performance of 10th-centur) 
mu'lc. and they spend many hour, 
I n rigoroll~ preparatlun and 
rehearsa l for the cxt remdy difficu lt 
pil.!cl.!' they pia) . 

The , trung colnmilment of th l.! 
ml.!mbers of SONOR to the accu-
rate and enthusiastic performam;1.! 
uf new works has always resulted 
in concerls of a wide spectrum of 
~ome of the most di verse and inter-
esting music in the contemporary 
repertoire, and last Thursday's pro-
gram in the Mandeville Auditorium 
wa, no exception. featuring some 
interesting co mbinations of the 
worlds of the acoustic and the elec-
tronic that werl.! played with accu-
racy and vigor. 

This quarter's program opened 
wi th "Solo"( 1966) by Karlheinz 
StQ(;khausen, an imporlant Iigure 
in 10th-century music. This piece 
IS performed by one instrumental-
ist wi th a tape machine. "Solo" 
was performed by the i nternat ion-
ally renowned ce llist Charles Cur-
ti, . The cello wa, amplified . and 
Cun i ~ altered Its tone co lor wi th 
I.!llccts such a, wah-wah and 
rtanger, that arc oft en used by rock 
guitansts. 

Through the u,e uf a feedback 
CIrC UI! and computer software, 
small loops the cellist played were 
transformed. dela yed. superim-
posed and spread out through 
mUltiple speakers. The the result-
ing tex ture vuried from a light 

whisper to an ungry maelstrom, 
and Curtis' fluid execution spi-
raled into t he audience from all 
directions. 

"For Marine Dilling" wus a pre-
miere hy faculty member Rand 
Steiger and performed hy resident 
Ilautist John Fonville. Fonville. on 
the piccolu. was th l.! sole li ve per-
former and wa, accompallied by 
himself on prerecorded hass. alto 
and C Ilute, to compri se a kind of 
"Ilutl.! <.juanl.!\' '' 

Steiger said that the piecl.! is an 
ex periment in combining different 
kinds of just intonation as well as a 
kind of memorial piece to Dilling, 
whom he describes as "the most 
spiritually centered and altruistic 
person" he ever met, and for whom 
"this piece [wasl offered as a sim-
ple. but heart-felt gesture." 

This spiritual work was written 
with Fonville in mind as the per: 
former, since its windy counter-
point contains many microtonal 
inflections. an area in which 
Fonville is widely respected for his 
expertise. His deft performance of 
these well-cratfted dissonances 
lended a kind ethereal bittersweet-
ness to this beautiful work, which 
truly seemed to take the audience's 
breath away. 

Steiger's work was followed by 
Mark Osborn 's "The Fluid Pro-
noun." which is scored for eight 
instrumentali sts and electronk 
tape. Osborn, a San Diego native 
and graduate student at UCSD, 
explained this piece as "represent-
ing an admittedly idealized 

pro~pect in which the boundaries 
demarcating people and things 
from one another become blurred, 
more fluid. " Osborn admits that it 
may be impossible for a rational 

In 11:5911 lEW YUBI EVE. 

mind to perceive only the unity of 
the experience without also hearing 
its part s as separate from one 
another, and he says this gives the 
piece "a certain desolate, hopeless 
quality." 

After the intermission, three 
members of the graduate student 
percussion ensemble Red Fish Blue 
Fish (Vanessa Tomlinson, David 
Shively and Brett Reed) along with 
Steven Schick, the ensemble direc-
tor, performed "Village Burial With 
Fire" ( 19M9) by British compos-
er/percussionist James Wood. This 
piece used a very large percussion 
set-up that included some unique 
"microxyls" - a kind of micro-
tonal xylophone constructed from 
dowel rods - designed by the 
composer himself. 

"Village Burial" unfolds by 
changing between specilic "alloys" 
of tone-color combinations to mark 
different aspects of a ritual (a 
funeral for a Hindu Prince). The 
listener hears a variety of clear and 
specific combinations of instru-
ments ranging from primitive 
hUl1)an shouts and drums to tuned 
glass bottles, microxyls, and wind 
chimes in this dramatic piece. The 
remarkable results were far from 
chaotic, shifting between the rage 
of the ancient ritual to the sublime 
journey of the spirit almost seam-
lessly. 

In the linal performance of the 
program, Tomlinson, Shively. Reed 
and Schick were joined by Terry 
Longshore and Ivan Manzanilla in 
"Mikrophonie . 1" (1966), another 
Stockhausen piece. 

The set-up for Mikrophonie I 
consisted of a single instrument --
an extremely large tam-tam (a five-
foot diameter gong) that was 

II YIU IIIW WIERE YIUR lITE II? 

Ben Affleck Casey Affleck Dave Chappelle Guillermo Diaz 
Angela Featherstone Janeane Garofalo Gab, Hoffmann Kate Hudson 
Courtney Love Jay Mohr Martha Plimpton Christina Ricci Paul Rudd 

~I[JIS. tu.1IlIIm lIB ..... IIIYIUI.lIlIMlUIlISIIIIIS' -=--.IIMIIIII rAlYlIIIII.IIIIIIII __ 
IIIlIYIM JAY. BMn 1aIII1II,.. -,aruUII. _. SllBI ....... l1li ....... _ •• 111 

~ ... "'Illllll_-= ........ I1_ ........ _ .. _ IIII!tr ~ - W,&AOL = -,1111111.CII •• .., ........ :-z .5. • A 
IN THEATRES THIS FEBRUARY ............ 

• 

played with a variety of imple-
ments, including mallets, bows, 
strings, cardboard tubes, voices, to 
name a few, by a performer on each 
side. 

Two other performers held 
microphones on different areas of 
the tam-tam to amplify certain 
sounds and harmonics, and they 
also played the instrument at times 
or used cup-shaped resonators on 
the gong, while the other two, seat-
ed in the hall, liltered the electric 
signals and sent them to four 
speakers to complete the set-up. 

This energetic performance 
remained interesting for its entire 
length because the performers 
managed to create hundreds of dif-
ferent sounds in this very non-
traditional use of the ancient 
instrument. 

GIVE US TIME 
TO REPAY 

YOUR LOAN. 

Mer justJhree years in the Army, your college loans 
could be a thing of the past. 

Under the Army's Loan Repayment program, each year 
you serve on active duty reduces your indebtedness by 
one-third or $1,500, whichever amount is greater, up to a 
$65,000 limit. 

This offer applies to Perkins Loans, Stafford Loans and 
certain other federally insured loans which are not in 
default. 

And this is just the first of many benefits the Army will 
give you. Get the whole story from your Army Recruiter. 

619·'.·1781 
ARMY. II ALL YOU CAN II.~ 

www.goarmy.com 
•• 

Thursday, February 18. 1999 The UCSD Guardian FEATURES 9 

Courtesy of Warner Bros,fBen Glass 
Bottle: Kevin Costner and Robin Wright Penn cuddle together next to the seashore in 
which Costner's character flung his heartfelt message of lost love. 

MIXED MESSAGES 
'Message in a Bottle} gets lost in the meaning of love 

By Dave Yen 
Staff Writer 

The message in a bottle represents love. 
Fierce, heavenly and eternal love - love that 
can never be taken away or diminished by the 
forces of nature or the chaos that permeates 
our society. It is a sign of unconditional devo-
tion exercised by a man willing to stake his 
past and his future on a love lhat can never be 
reciprocated except within his own heart. 

It is this love that sends Theresa (Robin 
Wright Penn) on a quest to find the man 
behind the "Message in a Bottle." A recent 
divorcee and single mother. Theresa figures a 
little romance and sentimentality is all she 
needs to complement her fasl-paced life at the 
Chicago Tribune. Her journey leads her to 
Garrett Blake (Kevin Costner), a gentle, self-
inflicted loner who spends his days sailing, 
building ships, and reminiscing about Cather-
ine, his beloved wife who died two years ago, 
also the subject of the message in the bottle. 

Thus marks the beginning of a relationship 
that strives to live up to the pure and magical 
love that inspired Theresa to make the journey 
in the first place. However, it never does, and 
the reasons are plentiful and obvious. 

Therega is supposed to be the beautiful, 
caring, hopeless romantic that drives the story 
forward. Instead, she comes off as downright 
seltish and utterly confused. She pursues the 
message in a bottle to satisfy her own curios-
ity, to see if this is a man whom she can fall in 
love wilh. Once there and an attraction has 
b<.!en made, she drops back, waiting to see 
what move he will make. 

As the relationship progresses, Theresa 
gets frustrated because Garrett will not put the 
past behind him and be honest about his feel-
ings for Catherine. Of course, she herself is 
not honest with him about her reasons for 
coming, but this is conveniently resolved in a 
sappy, predictable scene held, of course. in 
the pouring rain with a dramatic overlure as 
the characters scream such lines as "You 
should have told me!" and "I didn't know 
how you'd take it!" 

Garrl.!tt, on the other hand, is a complex 
and interesting character well underplayed by 

Kevin Costner. He is awkward and rough 
around the edges, but his gentleness is unde-
niable and manages to seep through. As a man 
tom between the past and the future, it is fas-
cinating to w.atch Garrett as he seems to expe-
rience the rituals of dating and love for the 
lirst time. 

What is difficult to comprehend, however, is 
Garrett's more than casual pursuit of Theresa. 
By casting Costner and Penn in the traditional 
male and female roles in dating, the filmmakers 
risk tarnishing the intense love between Garrett 
and his wife. Why would a man so obsessed 
and devoted to the love of his life actively seek 
out another persOn when he has yet to come to 
terms with his feelings'! It would have been 
much more belitting for Theresa to be the pur-
suer rather than the girl that sits around and 
wonders why he ha~n't called yet. 

Inconsistencies in character and role 
reversals hun this film, as well as a failure to 
establish the likability of a main character, the 
latter at least partially attributed to ' a horren-
dous performance by Robin Wright Penn. The 
movie. however, did have its virtues. Gabriel 
Yared and Caleb Deschanel. two names that 
hardly get recognition, deserve credit for their 
amazing musical seore and cinematography 
respectively. Yaretl 's subtle, soothing ballad is 
reminiscent of his Oscar winning composition 
for "The English Patient." Deschanel perfect-
ly captures the essence of beach-front living 
and the splendor, as well as terrors. of sai Ii ng. 

Finally, saving the best for last, Paul New-
man gives the lilm's best performance as Gar-
rett's father, Dodge. Newman mixes the per-
fect blend of compassion and concern as he 
struggles to care for his son, while at the same 
time respecting his obsession and autonomy. 

The theme of true love is destroyed in 
"Message in a Bottle" by the selfish actions of 
various characters and the budding romance 
between two people who want each other for 
security, not love. It is, however. a very good 

st~ry about how three people's lives become 
entwined and the way they deal with a chang-
ing world. This is what movie-making should 
be. A "back to the basics" approach. It's not 
about the plot. It 's about the people. 

IW:IFtC !lEACH 
G_IWe. & t..mont St. 

274-FINS 

••••••••••••••••••••••••• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

Dos Pescados 
Combo Only $3.49 

That's two of our BETTER : 
fish taC05, beans and chips! 

~ ~"'3 
• • Ttll!t GOU~ fOOd for up to 2 orders. Not YIJlUA With 

.ny other off,r. Offer eMpire ! 5131188. 
•••••••••••••••••••••••• 

r:--------------I··'~ I ai.,'" \ 
I~----------------~~ 
I 
1 ..... ------
I ",#.,'------------ L __ ~~~!!~~~~~~~ I .. __ 1iIIIlI ..... ..." 
I '0 10 ,.IiIIIlID 
I .. .,_1IIIiI "., ........ ",_ 
: .... """"""".. .. _1IIIiI1 frI_ ,,_ 

entry per . per session. 
~rt2r~ni.d~s:!!id!Y, ~n~1du~1~J'!.!r2!.1~~e!:.entrie!... __ ._..J 

r----------------------------, UNDERGROUND SOUNDZ 
Mobile Disc Jockey Service 

• Specializing in Hip-Hop, R&B, House, 
Dance & Miami eas. 

• Reasonable and AFFORDABLE rates 

(888) 943-5986 
www.undellllOunaoundz.com 

$20 
OFF 

YOUR EVENT 
WITH THIS 
COUPON 

~----------------------------~ 
r----------------------------, 

La .lolla XH4:\ Villa La Jolla Drive 
Village Center 452 9' 775 (next to Kinko'.) • 

We speaaUze i" 
Vi/ami/IS • Millemls • Herhs • AmiI/O Acids 

Fillless • Die/ Prodllcfs & // /0/'('.' 
------$300 OR Your next purchase of $15 or more! With thi' cou~. ExciudM $Ole I merchandise. Oller expirM 3/18/99. 
~-------------------

Echinacea 
Capsuks 

Nutritional Support /01' 
)'Our/mmune ~1'st(,11/1 
Guaranteed Actit 'e 

90 cOp'uIM. 500 mg. 
Oller expo 3/18/99. 
--------~ 

SOCIETY BILLIARD CAfE 
Restaurant & Bar . 15 Pool Tables 

9-6all Tournament everu Wed. Ni8ht! 
M-f Noon-2am, Sat. (, Sun. llam-2am 

1051 Garnet Avenue, Pacific Beach 272-POOL 
,- - - - - - - -Up-t;-SS-v;kJel ,-•••• -.rool ----; 
I ... 1 ..... , ... : I ........ all' .. I 
I ... A_'" ---..r ... 11 I.a v". of UD to 540. I lAIN..... I I 'With $10 rni*'Iun foodI~ae- plrcl\aS4t I 
I CElertll ............ , I I . -!,M ~erlonl I 
I I I I Brtn8 tn this coupon! I 
L _ ~~ ~ t~ :.~...:.[~. ~I~~ _I I _ -.!~!.~ o.!!~.?'!.. ~-'~ __ J 



10 FEATURES 

co:.e:SA9S 
Di ... r: lor 0..., '" h 
IIQ R'bs, Fil.t if Slrl.,., Spq"tt', Crepes, h 
H •• , St .. k, •• b' .ob', lak~ Cbick •• , •• ~ 'l.. 
C.r .. ASHI, l.d.4.s: s.., If SIIH. Il 
PlEASE MENTION AD. Valid thru 12/99. , .. , 1/2 ,.. ,M 

OLD TOWN, 2546 SAN DIEGO AVE. - 298-0133 
Take 5 south to Old Town Avenue, left on San Diego Avenue 

Congratulations 
to the new inductees of 

GOLDEN KEY 
National Honor Society 
Which Offers: 
* Leadership * Scholarships * Community Service 

INDUCTION CEREMONY: 
Sunday, February 21 
2:00pm, Price Center Ball Room A&B 

lf~ican 
'~tlJmaDtlJ~ 
The Awan Troubadours is on evening of music featuring three artists 
whose distinct musi(al styles and traditions reflect the great cuhural 
panorama of Afri(a. This show will feature the talents of Hassan 
Hakmoun, a MorCK(on Gnawa singer, musician and dancer; Ugandan 
James Malcubuya, an outstanding exponent of traditional instruments 
induding !he ndongo (lyre), cDJngu (hcrp) IIId mac5nda (xylophone); 
and from Mali, Yaya Diallo, a master drummer and healer, 

February 26 ' Friday, 8pm ' Mandeville AudHorium 
61 SJ 7 • Students SJ 2· UCSO Foe/Staff/Sr.Of. SJ 5 

UCSD Box Office: 619·S34·nxs 7ii5i(jiJ~~ 
~ _,.~,...-.c 

~ Presented by Univenity Events Office -==~_ 

I l I ' 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, February 18, 1999 

IlAIbum View •• • 

• ...,n ....... 
Punkabilly Invasion 
,--.... 

-
•• 

A band alternating country licks 
and distorted power chords ... No, 
ii 's not more new Metallica, it's the 
Barnyard Bailers' latest tasteless 
effort, Pllnkabilly Ill vasioll. 

The recent popular resurgence 
of punk and rockabilly swing have 
spawned a sick-and-twbted but 
f un-Iovi n' bjlstard genre named 
psychobilly (a.k.a . punkabilly) 
whose uncles happen to be Eddie 
Munster and Mongo from ;'Blaz-
ing Saddles." 

Lyrically, Punkabilly Invasion 
covers the redneck gamut, from 
bestiality 10 masturbation to les-
bians to Appalachian proportions 
of drinking and drugs and every-
thing in between, all set to 

• twangy, heavy guitars and an 
upright bass. 

Though the Bailers probably 
won't be up for a Grammy any time 
soon, they are a pretty fun band if 
you don 't take them (or yourself) 
too seriously. 

- Matthew Kalinowski 

Serving UCSO For 
Over 30 Years 

-CAMERAS 
-LENSES 

-CAMCORDERS 
-BINOCULARS 
-DARKROOM 

SUPPUES 
All ,,' D,scollnt prtCi!S' 

UCSD P D :.. .Icce ted' 

459·7355 
7720 Fay Ave, La Jolla CA 
WNW.bobdaviScamera. com 

...,. 
fundamental 
IICA_ 

-

.*. 
Sometimes an album comes 

along that makes everyone recon-
sider their ideas about music. 
Sometimes going with the accepted 
genre is a very good idea. 

Puya's new album, Fundamen-
tal, starts with calm, mellow, Sub-
lime-like music. Next stage in the 
song: Wham! Deathmetal. 

The easy-going entrance to 
nearly every song on the album 
does nothing to prepare the listener 
for the vigorolls, angst-ridden 
finale of the same song. Oh, and 
they 're almost all in Spanish, too. 

The resulting sound is actually 
kind of ... interesting. 

The English translation of the 
Spanish songs helps. The rapid 
transitions must take skill, and the 
band members are talented in a 
variety of musical areas. Funda-
mental is a unique and innovative 
blend of cultures. Unfortunately, 
not many people are ready for this 
sound. 

The album keeps raising hopes 

that each song will maintain lis 
mellow swing or its pulsating roar. 
Deathmetal fans would love this 
album if they could stomach the 
laid-back intros. 

At the beginning of each song I 
find myself thinking, "Maybe this 
one will be the one. Nope ... Maybe 
this one will be different ... Nope 
...... and on, and on . 

Puya's sound borders on musi-
cal schizophrenia; they should take 
their own advice from Track 7: 
"Keep it simple." 

Puya is a very talented group. 
Everywhere within this album can 
be found hints of great music. Orig-
inality is the bands strong suit. But 
the group needs to determine an 
identity that's a bit easier for the 
average person to relate to. If, how-
ever, that is exactly what Puya is 
trying to avoid, great, then they 
have succeeded. They have defi-
nitely achieved a new blend of 
sounds. Skalpunkldeathmetallaher-
native lovers everywhere will real-
ly like this CD. . 

Excellent 
Good 
Fair 
Weak 
Poor 

- 8renM tumpton 

***** 
**** 
*** 
** 
* 

Traditional music from Quebec 

a ottine 
ollriante 

La Bottine Souriante stands out as the most renowned traditional musk 
group in Quebec. Their repertoire comes from yarious regions aaoss the 
prOYiKe and often has III Amdian flavor. The ~ of trdions IJrot9rt 
to Qu'_ from FrCIIKe, Enala~, I~eland and xoflGnd give the musk a 
ri(MesS, originality ana vitcili1y mar is (haradiristi( of QUibec's JolIore. 
February 20 -0 Saturday, 8pm " Price Center Ballroom 

G1 S17 • Students S12 • UCSD FacuIty/Staff/Sr.Ot. Sl 5 
ucso Box Office: 619-534-TIXS 

e-mail: boxoffictOucsd,edu :c 
-.=.:==...-
~ Presented by University Events Office . 

Thursday, February 18, 1999 The UCSD Guardian HIATUS II 

BARE STAGE AND THICK PLOT 
UCSD undergraduates perform Shakespeare's 'As You Like It' 
By ChrIs Dun_ 
Guardian Reporter 

A stunning rendition of Shake-
speare's romantic night of fancy, 

;'A~ You Like It" was performed by 
the UCSD Theatre and Dance under-
graduates from Feb. 10 through 14. 

Under the direction of faculty 
member Jim Winker, the rendition 
of this sunny Shakespearean come-
dy waH brilliant showcase of good 
acting, directing and use of space. 

The performances. throughout the 
play were excellent, with kudos 
going out to Counney McLean, 
Anne O'Doheny, Kevin Artigue and 
Matt Davis. The actors performed 
well in a potentially inhibitory space, 
the Forum Studio. Being surrounded 
on all four sides by the audience can 
be a daunting task, but the actors 
never seemed to break a sweat. 

The only decorations were two 
paintings behind the audience, and 
there were no other props than what 
the actors carried themselves. The 
costumes were modem with .no 
overriding theme - almost as if the 
actors had chosen their own clothes 
to fit their separate personalities. 

The very complicated plot 
twists and turns throughout the 
play's hour-and-a-half duration . 
The actors did a superb job of mak-
ing Shakespeare's rather dated 
dialect easy to understand which 
made the plot that much easier to 

. follow. Although there were some 
rather curious segues, the play 
flowed very naturally. 

The story starts out with Orlan-
do (Artigue) rebelling against his 
oppressive older brother, Oliver 
(Larry Purcell). Orlando and Oliver 
are both descended . from a 
deceased lord, whose throne Oliver 
claimed because he was the eldest 
son. Orlando's rights are neglected 
by Oliver and when the play begins 
Orlando had reached his breaking 
point. 

Oliver, one of the two initially 
evil characters in the play, plots to 
kill Orlando in a variety of ways. 
Orlando foils these plans and, 
while thwarting a wrestler meant to 
kill him, he falls in love with a fair 
maiden named Rosalind (Mclean). 

Rosalind has similar inclina-
tions for Orlando and 

henceforth a special 
hond is formed . 

After the fated 
wrestling match, Ros-
alind is kicked out of 
her home by the quin-
tessential evil uncle, 

Sullivan). Celia (O'Doheny), Duke 
Frederick's daughter and Rosalind's 
inseparable friend, accompanies 
Rosalind into exi Ie. In orderto avoid 
molestation by ·thiev,:s they adopt 
alter egos - Celia becomes Aliena 
the poor girl, and Rosalind becomes 
Ganymede the flippant boy. The pair 
also takes Touchstone (Davis) the 
condescendingly witty court jester. 

In typical Shakespearean fashion, 
Orlando is running away from his 
home at the exact same time that 
Rosalind and Celia are leaving theirs. 
Orlando is warned about another of 
Oliver's plots to kill him by his ser-
vant Adam (Lonnie Bell). The two 
set out on foot to the exact same 
place where Rosalind and Celia are 
headed. What a coincidence! 

When the two groups meet up 
many heart-warming and funny 
events unfold. Rosalind, who is 
still in male garb, poses as 
"Ganymede the Love Counselor" 
to help the hopclessly -i n-Iove 
Orlando. Celia frowns on the situa- . 
tion but falls in love with Oliver, 
who came in -search of Orlando 
after having been converted to 
good from evil. 

Touchstone, not to be outdone 
by Rosalind or Celia, pursues the 
shep~erd girl Audrey (Bonnie 
Kobler). It is made very obvious 
that Touchstone is only in it for the 
sex, but Audrey is too dense to fig-
ure it out. 

STUDENT TRAVEL 
This ain't your parent's tra,el afenc,. 

GRAND 
orENlNG 

270-1750 
4475 Million Blvd. 
Suite IF 

s.o ' •• 10 ••••••••• $685 
No.ol.I •••••••••••• $288 
Tok'0 •••.••••••••••• $562 

ST/j 
STA TRAVEL 
WE WE 1lEENlHER£. 

John Barber I Guardian Duke Frederick (Mike 

As the romantic events continue 
to play out everything falls into 
place, and slowly but surely all the 
loose strings are tied back together. 
The end product is a marvelously 
funny and romantic comedy that 
leaves you feeling "warm and 
fuzzy" inside. www.statravel.com 

TRAVELER'S DEI'DT 
• DIecount n.v.I PIIcb 
• TrweIBooka, .... 
• All your EUI'IIH SUppI .. 1 
• Loeb, c.bIe Loeb, 

Sleep Sheet, PKkTowei 
TevI! Sport SendeIs 
ReIno.r.nd 
•• Acceaorles 

We're in PB just up the 
IlrIIIIIom Council TIIVIII 

It 1655 Gamel 
483-1421 

0PEJiI7 DAYS A WEEK 

Robert A. Rees D.D.S. Cosmetic and Family Dentistry 
Soft and Gentle Dentistry • "We cater to the timid" 
All phases of Treatment Available: Cleanings/Exams, Non-Mercury Fillings, Crowns. 
Root Canals. Extractions. and Cosmetic Dentistry. We provide bleaching, too! 
Student Discounts Available. Insurance is Accepted. 

7761 Herschel Ave. In Downtown La Jolla 
(619, ,.5,.-6181 Mon-Thurs 7am-2pm 

Check us out at: www.RobertReesDDS.com 

Co~AVERDE 
CENTER 

F ASIDON VALLEY 
Coo'ER 

8650 GfNlSEE AVE. Sn. 220 NEAl SAKS FInK AVENUE (619,452·7374 (619,295-0537 

Brown Eyes to Blue, Green, Hazel 

DAILY WEAR 

PAIR 
COLORED 
CONTACTS 
FreshLook Colors with ~urchose 
of 2 boxes of clear FreihLook 

EXTENDED WEAR I DISPOSABLE LENSES 

$89** $99** $129** 
COMPLETE 2 PAIRSB&L FW COMPLETE 

"AU tpOCial. Indudo Ion ... , •• am. ~are kit and follow up vi.it. A.tigmatic Ion ... higher. 
. Not ... Iid with any other aff..r. Offe" .. pill 3/31/99. 

• 



12 CLASSIFIEDS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 

Involved With 
Professional Associations! 

GettinQ involved with professional 
associatlon~ is a areat way to network 

and rnah. contacts with career 
professionals in your field of interest. 

Remember, it's not just WHAT you 
know, but also WHO yoU know that 

will help you in your job search. 
Visit us today and ask us about our 
new PROFESSIONAL PARTNERSHIP 

PROGRAM! 
CAREER SERVICES CENTER 

POETS/ WRITERS ARTISTS 
Warren College Literary-Arts Journal 
CALL FOR SUBMISSIONS 

POETRY' PROSE: One copy with 
name, address, phone; 3 copies 
w/o name, address, ph. 
ART: Can be any medium, should 
include carnercHeady representation 
as necessary (sculpture, etc.) 

WAllEN (OLLEGE walnNG ,IOGIAM, U( 41 
WAflflEN STUDENTS ONLY 

NO LIMIT ON: Of SUBMISSIONS' 
fOfllNfO CAll 5)4 )060 

DEADLINE EXTENDED TO MAR 1 

Jewish Research subjects reimbursed 
for interYIew.lfyou are a UCSDstudent, 
21-25, call 552-8585 x4185 for more 
Information. (1/25-2125) 

The UCSD Guardian 

CLASSIFIEDS 
; 

The UCSD Guardian reserves Ihe right to classlfy, edil, delete olfenaive words and 
phrases, and/or refuse any and all advertisemenlS wHhoul prior notification. The AdvIrtiMr 
will not hold Ihe Guardian liable for any claims resuhing from !he publication of the 
advertisement The publisher wUI also nol be held !'ccounlable for any claim from an 
agreemenl made belw .. n !he advertiser and lhe consumer. 
Copy should be rfIYiewed by !he adv.rtiser for errors. In order 10 be correc1ed In lhe next 
regular issue, all errors mUll be reported by lhe corresponding deadHn • . Credil will only 
be given for lha incorrect portion of !he advertisement There are no refunds for cancellations. 
PIe_ MncI ., corre.pondence rwgerdlng CIaMIfIeda to: 
UCSD Guerdlan, Attn: ClaaIfIeda, HOG GHman Drive 1011 •• La Jon., CA tI2OI3. 
Actu81 location: Student Center A, Room 217. 

Caucasian Research subjects 
reimbursed for interview. If you are a 
UCSD student. 21-25, cail 552-8585 
x4185 for more information. (1125-21 
25) 

FLY CHEAP!! 
* ROUND TRIP COURIER FARES. 
London $349 Sing $300 Hong Kong $389 
Chine $360 Sydney $580 IIMgIIoII $370 

AIR COURIER INTERNATIONAL 
1-800-298-1230 24 hr 

EVE N T S 
Golden Key Nat'l Honor Society 
membership Deadline 215. Induction 
Ceremony 2121 . Ballrooms A & B 2 
p.m. Jr. & Sr. 3.4 g.p.a.+ 
bnetroOucsd.edu (2118) 

EMPLOYMENT 
$1500 weekly potential mailing our 
circulars. No Experience Required. 
Free information packet. Call (202)452-
5940. (1/1 9-3129) 
Work Abroad! Student work 

opportunities around the wortd. Eam 
money while you travel intemationally. 
Call 1-888-Council & ask for Maria. (21 
1-318) 
EXCEPTIONAL SUMMER 
OPPORTUNITY-Camp Wayne,NE 
P A. Counselor Specialists for all Landi 
Water Sports. Outdoor Adventure; MIn 
Biking, Rocketry, A & C, Drama, Radio, 
Video. Campus interviews Thurs., April 
15th. Call 1-888-549-2963 or e-mail 
wayneboysOaol.com. (211-314) 

learn Bortending 

MALE • FEMALE MODELS. Our 
models have worked for Esquire 
Magazine, Skechers, Levi's, Estee 
Lauder, Coca Cola. Most ages OK! 
Beginner's OK! Great pay! Call- Otto 
1 (800)959-9301. (218-5127) 
University Reader Company is looking 
for sales representatives to deliver 
course readers on campus for the first 
two weeks of the spring quarter. 
Punctual , responsible , and hard-
working mandatory. Earn $300-$700. 

Classified Line 
Ad Rates 

Students: 131* 20 wonII 
FlCuIty • St8ff: $41* 20 wonII 

.10 .... : 151* 20 wonII 
Advance paymentil reqUired. 

Classified Display 
Ad Rates 

".00 per coIlIIM Inch 
DeecIIInII: 

_Dolt IIIII*r A* LIM AdI 
...., NIlan lIlA ' .. lIlA 
To:IIIIdIJ Noon Man. , .. Man. 

Send Resume. FAX: (619)457-0141, 
E-mail: bhamadehOaol.com.Cd61 9-
540-8789 for information. (2116-18) 
Childcare (in-home), Carmel Valley/ 
Del Mar area, two children ages 9 & 11. 
Afternoons/earty evenings beginning 
at 2:30pm, Man-Fri. Approximately 25 
hourslweek. Must have car and valid 
driver's license. $6-8ihour. Call 543-
5232. 

Note Takers Wanted 
$200·$lSOOIdass! 

POSI your leClure nOies on lhe Inlernel 
SIGN UP ON-LINE @ 

www.STUDY24-7.com 

Sales/Marketing Internships-Eam 3-6 
K Working on your Campus Telephone 
Directory Excellent AdvertisinglSaJes/ 
PR experience. Call COLLEGE 
DIRECTORY PUBLISHING: 1-800-
466-2221 ext 233. 
www.campusdirectory.com (211 ~6) 
Restaurant: Hostess/Host. Part-Time 
weekends. $6 to $8Itu. plus tips. Will 
also train for food service. Apply 
9:00a.m. to 2:00p.m. Monday-Friday. 
The Eggery, Etc. 4130 Mission Blvd. 
Pacific Beach. See Phil. (619)274-
3122. (2/16-22) 

Thursday, February 18,1999 

The GUARDIAN 
CLASSIFIED 

DISPLAY 
ADVERTISING 

RATES 
Announce your events, 
advertise JOUI' ..... ..... 

orHlld.P ........ 1 

SIZES: 
1 col. X 1" $9.00 
112 $18.00 
113 $27.00 
114 $38.00 
115 $45.00 

Come by the ,......, 
. offtce In the Student 

Center A or C811 
5343488 for more Info. 

Paid Marketing Intem Posilion AVlilable 
for motivated students well connected 
in the campus community. 10-20 hrsJ 
wk. Bonuses available. Gall Chris at 
the Princeton Review: 6191558-0500. 
(2116-25) 
PAID RESEARCH EXPERIENCE ($10 
per hour, earn up to $200). Students, 
gain valuable experience by assisting 
in a research project at area high 
schools. Participate as a survey proctor 
for hourly pay. Interact with high school 
students and instructors involved in a 
statewide survey program. No Long 
Term Commitmentl Must have access 
to transportation or be available to 
carpool. Contact Cassandra or Brent 
@ 822-2678. CALL NOW! STUDY 
BEGINS MARCH 1st. (2118-22) 

i' \', I \': ........ ',I " , ',I ( I'. I \ 1 '\ .... 
1>LhllR().\111{L I'A..,/ 
~" \ \\ I': \ ') ~ \. I \ ,\': I \ I : ! ',,! \ \'1 \ 

lackcountry ng 

iAmozon.~":i~.~it: Bome.ondnobIe.com .... $15.16 '. . " Shopping.com .. . . . .. $11.12 You Sov, S 2.84! 
I~~=~~ ~ Bome.ondnobIe.com .... $9.60 

. Shopping.com ....... ., ... 
You Sov. S 1.80! 

The Definitive Word on 
,----, Michael 

Phil Jocluon 

.11 (*?I t 
.... 

.. ----~-

Thursday, February 18,1999 

SALES- Earn fast cash by simply 
referring us cellular phone customers. 
Contact Alan immediately. (619) 622-
1900. (2118-314) 

ROOMMATES 
Female nonsmoker to share 4 bedroom 
townhouse in UTC. Own room. $320 + 
1/4 utilities. Available 311 . 558-9269. 
(2111-25) 
Female Roommate for spacious clean 
21>&1 bath apartment in P.B. Master 
Bedroom $460 ($400 deposit) Call 
ASAP. (619) 270-3904. Leave 
message. (2111-18) 
Female Preferred to share 3 bedroom 
2 bathroom apartment in Solana Beach. 
$420 month 113 utilities. Available 21 
28.481-2874. (2116-25) 
Female to share master bedroom/bath 
in La Jolla Colony. PooVspa, close to 
sIIoPPing center/ bus. $340, available 
3/27.625-0255. (2118-3111) 
Rommate Wanted: Share large master 
bedroom with attached bathroom for 
$320 plus one-third utilities. Near 
shopping, walking distance to school. 
Ethemet connection. Call 587-8875. 
(2118-318) 

FOR RENT 
Own room. Near Clairemont Square. 
House. Yard/patio. ~asherlDryer. Pets 
OK. $310 + deposit. 272-7761 . Avail. 
311 . (2111-18) 
Room for rent in UTC Renaissance 
area. Studying abroad- need to sublet, 
very nice place wi tons of extras- cable 
modem, garage, & more. With 3 other 
people. $475 mo. + utils. Call Nico @ 
587-9253. (2116-18) 
Room for rent in UTC, close to school! 
bus. Your own room for $350 + 1/3 
utils. Call Alen 453-7944. (2116-18) 
Large Linda Vista home w. ocearvbay 
viewl $350, plus utilities. Cable, phone, 
washer/dryer. 984-74751274-4617. (21 
16-25) 
large house on Diamond Street in 
Pacific Beach. $450, plus utilities, 
includes Cable, phone, washer/dryer. 
984-74751274-4617. (2116-25) 

FOR SALE 
Mac laptop, desktop, CD-Rom, 
computer speakers, and 2 Hewlett 
Packard printers for sale. Must .. 1111 
For more info call Adolfo ASAP at 421-
1373 from 6-10 p.m. (214-22) 

Canon Innova laptop. 360CD with 32 
mb RAM, Pentium Processor. Includes 
28.8 modem. Windows 98, Plus! 98, 
1997 Microsoft Office Suite. $800 or 
best offer. Contact Marc 587-8875. (21 
1-22) 
1995 Honda Civic LX. 4 doors, auto 
trans. red. Air condo new tires. 60K 
miles. Asking: $9995.00 Call 622-2977 
(day) or 459-7559 (evening). (2116-25) 
Breeding Pair of prehensile tail skinks 
with custom buiIt6'x2'x2' oak and safety 
glass showcase. $4OOo.b.o. Holly 275-
5334. (2118-22) 

------

VV ANT E 0 
Caucasian Research subjects 
reimbursed for interview. If you are a 
UCSD student, 21-25, call 552-8585 
x4185 for more information. (1/11-613) 
Volunteers paid $30.00 for interview. If 
you are entirely of Japanese or Korean 
descent, age 21-25, call 552-8585 x 
2182. (117-613) 
Jewish Research subje-;ts reimbursed 
for interview. If you are a UCSD stud!!nt, 

( Come See The BIG 

The UCSD Guardian CLASSIFIEDS 13 

21-25, call 552-8585 x4185 for more how to apply for scholarships, etc. Visit 
information. (111 t -613) the Programs Abroad Office or call 534-

1123 to make an appointment. (2118) 

design. Call to Claim: 552-0609. (218-
25) 

EGG DONORS 
-wilE A DIfFEREIlC€" 
in couples lill8s lhal are longing 10 

hall8 a family. They need your special 
HELP. 

If you _ hMIthy Md '*-n 
111-30 yra okl. 

Compenutlon ,s haarlily g,ven for 
your lime and eIfort- $3000 pIu. 

$150 lor tr ...... xpen .... 
Please caH 

IIEA1lU£ ImlEP1DL 11& 
1-888.1f11-£_ 

I (( III I 1'1 /)'( Jl 11 
\ 11 \. ' d I ( I I I II lilt t 

Asian 
Egg Donor 
Neededl 

Loving infertile couple is hoping 
to find a kind woman to help us 
have a baby. We're hoping 
to find someone intellige('lt with a 
Chinese, Japanese, or Korean 
background. Artistic and athletic 
talent appreciated. 
(800) 886·9373 ext 7225 

fCWflONl 
Compensation $6,500 

plus e-xpenses 
Thank you for your consideration 

Give the miracle of life- Becoming an 
egg donor. Females between 21 & 31 , 
call (619) 673-0885. (Compensation 
for time, inconvenience) (2116-6/3) 

SERVICES 
Horseback riding lessons for students/ 
staff. $10/hr. Western or English. 
Imperial Beach area. Show horses, no 
nags! Call (619)523-0474. (1/14-2/25) 
Free advising for UCSD students who 
want to study abroad. Find out how to 
eam UC credit for classes taken abroad, 

PERSONAL INIURY 
FORMER LA & SO 

DEPUTY DISTRICT ATIORNEY 

• Auto 
Accidents 

• Dog Bite 
• Head 
Injuries 

619.794.1700 
1125 Camino Del Mar, Ste, D, 

Del Mar 

LOST & FOUND 
LOST: Gold Bracelet. In Rimac Racquet 
Sports Area- week of Jan. 21. Greek 
deSign. Please call 552-0609. (218-25) 
FOUND: Gold Bracelet. In Rimac 
parking lot in December. Yin Yang 

FOUND: Retainer. In women 's 
restroom on Revelle campus. Call 534-
3311 to claim. (2116-25) 

PERSONALS 
Aaychill-I wonder when you're gonna 
take that little ring off. 

To Babak and Anne- truly the best 
coaches around. Thank you. We love 
you. Fa-BOOM! -The UCSD Ballroom 
Dance Team. (2/18-22) 
KJ, Wanna' do it all night long in 
RIMAC's weight room? Let's take an 
endurance test together on Feb. 26. 
OB 

Key Knickie-RIMAC, 2am, Feb. 26, 
you and me on the wall . . . lots of 
people watching . . . Rizzo (2118) 
Amy: Will you be my dance partner for 
the Lindy Hop workshop at the RIMAC 
AII-Nighter? Call me. -Justin (2118) 
Heather P.(ittenger) oh, why won't 
you read your personals that I write 
you? (2/18) 

University- of ~an Die8Q 
• Experienced Faculty 
• Lecture Courses . 
• In-Class Practice Exams 
• Free Refresher Course 

up to One Year 
Test Preparation Courses 
Serra Hall 316, Alcala Park 
San Diego, CA 
92110 

February 18. 7:00pm 
Price Center Ballroom A 



14 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian Thursday, February 18, 1999 

UCSD Kills Globerunners 
Me Donald's in 
Costa Verde Center 

is NOW 
OPEN LATERI 

WORLD: Rebounding from loss at USD tourney, Tritons win against USIU 

Sun thru Thurs, til 1 am 
Fri. & Sot, til 2 am! 

I FREE SUPERSIZING after 12:30 a.m. I 
4260 Nobel near Genesee ~ 

1Re® 
356™ 

cCProducts ... You Can ReaUy FeeU" 
Herbal Formula to enhance your 

DIET and provide ENERGY! 

$ M.L International Products, Inc. .amr. Metaoolife and Independent Distributors Orders & FREE info call TODAY! i • ." 1(800)283-3352 I ~ I 
Discount valid w~h this Distributor ONLYI Not valid with other ofttlt'. ~ 

:"'---:jYo:;;';d~e~-: I~JI go back to I 
I ~:'::"2? lJtp.u= page 9 I 

~------------------_-- __ I 

Get ready to spend the night ••• 

* 

By Kevin Byrne 
Staff Writer 

The UC:lD men's tennis team is 
beginning to understand that the 
best way to rebound from tough 
losses is to come up with big 
wins. The Tritons did 
exactly that when 
they faced off against 
U.S. International 
University (USIU) on 
Feb. 9, The team had pre-
viously lost in a cross-town 
tournament at University of San 
Diego and took its frustration out 
on the Globerunners in a 7-1 
trouncing. 

The singles matches were dom-
inated by UCSD, as the top three 
players swept USIU. Top-seeded 
Steve Shabel manhandled his 
opponent 6-4, 6-2, while Joe 
Zerboni , the No, 2 player blew 
away his opponent 6-3, 6-1. Ping 
Yeh may have been bored during 
his match as he blanked his oppo-
nent 6-0, 6-0, recording the infa-
mous and amazing double bagel. 

VOLLEY: 
UCSD's record 
drops to 2-10 
CoIItInued ".. .... 1. 
against only five hitting errors. 
Seller Kurt Seckington pitched in 
with six kills, 67 assists, two ser-
vice aces and one block, while Ben 
Vernon added 12 ki lis and a team 

I'll Nig t 
* .at RI"MAC 
Frlelay, F.llruary 26 
IIp •• 7a. " 

.. • up in advm far tha "AlIIiIt 1liii_lis at" J: 
&am l11111-1pm OI....,' FrWay, Fell, 17' 19\ ',' 

*' ..tT""&~Fa23&2S: 
Basketbaa FrH Tllrow _ ShootOit 

3-0 ... 3 To_.It, R • ..-tItaI, 5qIaY, 
WaIyW V"ybaI 

MaddeR '99 Play Statiol T __ .lt 
Look for the AI/llight at RlMAC table 

Un ....... -...,,.., prius, fne .... HIIIrts, 
....... JIIs ........... stiff 

TIle ...,. ,.. wi ..... GrIsIIII ... ."...., wllIIInI, 
,... .. MsticbIt· ................. _ ...... ... 

lIs's • .we .. ..., .. auc:. AT alii 
,.. ......... we. ...... 

OPEl TO UCSD s-.s __ IrS filii 
SPOISOIIDIY_ .... , _ 

Mike Rosett was stillticd at one 
sel apiece 7-5, 2-6 when rain hit the 
court and the match was abruptly 
halted. The lone blemish on the 
record for the Tritons was Graeme 

Boushey's unfortunate=. loss 
4-6, 1-6. Ari Frankel 

rounded out the sin-
gles matches by 
trouncing his oppo-

nent 6-2, 6-2. 
Doubles were a com-

plete sweep as the 
ShabellZerboni team won its pro 
set 8-4. Boushey/Crain were victo-
rious 8-6 and Rossetl/Frankel 
pulled away 8-5. These perfor-
mances easily put the Trilons way 
ahead of USIU, and marked 
UCSD's record up to 2-1. 

Retaliation after defeat is 
becoming a trend for UCSD in the 
young season. After being defeated 
by Cal Poly Pomona, Ihe team 
roared back to dominate UC 
Ri verside, slarting the season at I-I . 

Before USIU, the team had 
traveled across the city to partici-

high of three service aces. 
UCSD was very competilive in 

the malch, but the Tritons were 
simply unable 10 win the key points 
at the key moments. 

"We just couldn't finish them 
off," said Hite. "They won the big 
points, so they won the match." 

With the loss, UCSD's record 
goes 10 2- 10 and 0-10 in Ihe 
Mountain Pacific Sports 

pate in the USD tournament held 
from Feb, 5-7. The tourney was 
played in pro sels, which ,are com-
posed of eight games as opposed to 
the standard six. Because of this, 
only one pro set is played, instead 
of two standard sets. 

On Friday, Feb. 5, Rossett, Yeh 
and Boushey were eliminated from 
the tournament in the first round. 
However, Zarboni defeated a Cal 
Berkeley opponent, Hiro 
Nakamura, through a defaull. 
Steve Shabel squeaked by his 
opponent 9-8, and Jason Hipp bat-
tered Tony Marquez' ego by cruis-
ing to an 8-3 victory. 

However, the next day saw no 
good news for the Tritons, as all 
three of these players were elimi-
nated from match play. 

Tomorrow, the team will ~ in 
Santa Cruz to attempt a slaying of 
the Slugs, who are nol only the 
team's arch-rivals, but are also the 
current top ranked leam in Division 
m tennis. 

Federation. The Tritons are still 
ranked No. 2 in the nation in 
Division III, however, and have not 
losl a match to any.team other Ihan 
their Mountain Pacific foes. 

On Saturday, UCSD lakes on 
Cal Baptist University in their third 
non-conference match of the year 
and the first of four straight match-
es against Division III rivals for lhe 
Tritons. 

UR 
TWICE NIGHTLY 
4pm-6pm & lOpm-12mldnlght 

$225 PInts 
DIscounted AppetIzers 111 

Seven Days a Week 
live Jazz and Blues 

Thursd8ys 6:00pm 
Saturtmys 9:00pm 

COM\NG 
March 6tr'\ 

Lava lager 
LUAU 

".- --... 

-.----r 1:1 ~I \1/' \\,1. ___ ._ I[I~{~~' I~~ li();I~1 ~l . I~," ". J~---.-
-. \ \ I . 
.... , -.", 

---

Life's Better at The Bottom 
8980 Villa La Jolla Drive 

Lll JOLlll IIiJlII·l~ln fl777 

Thursday, February 18, 1999 The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 15 

UCSD Shoots Sagehens 
STREAK: Amazing Triton squad has now won 11 in a row 
By John M.ynard tough defense, especially in Ihe second half, 
Sports Editor and that the defensive strength of Turnbull as 

The Gllurdian sports editors have placed well as Genevieve RuvaJd were critical as the 
a "Shaquille" between Kim and Neal this sea- game drew to a close. 
son, and if anyone doubled the sports sec- "It all boiled down to the last two minutes 
tion's beslowal of this iliuMrious title of the game. IPomona] started to foul a 
onto the women's basketball team's lot. With less than 20 seconds left , 
center, all questions have ~ Kate hit two free throws 
now been answered., ____ .A~K~r.ALLI to put us up by three. 

Last Tuesday night, ..... (, ' Fortunately, we'd scout-
Head Coach Judy Malone's squad '. ed them and knew what play they 
traveled to Pomona to take on were going to run - It was the same 
Pomona-Pitzer, giving Kim "Shaquille" Neal play that they had used to beat Pt. Loma in the 
an opportunity to play sensationally. The linal seconds earlier in the season. We set up 
sophomore led UCSD with a team-best 17 as if we were in a zone, but weI\! man-to-man. 
points as the Tritons went on to win 57-52, They passed it to their big girl, but Kim got 
extending their winning streak to II games. the steal. If she hadn't stolen the ball, they 
"Shaq" also dominated play at the post - she would have tied things up," 
was blocking shots, making steals and After her steal, Neal passed the ball to 
brought down tI rebounds in her outing. senior Tristen Teasdale, who was then fouled. 

"Kim had a great night," Malone said. Teasdale completed the game by making her 
"She carried us down through the stretch. She 2 free throws, sealing UCSD's five-point win. 
was lhe only one to get shots off against The Tritons, now 18-5, have managed to 
[Pomona-Piller's] 6'3" center." keep their playoff hopes alive after dominat-

Neal's height coupled with her athleticism ing Pomona. Making it inlo the postseason 
proved to be a huge asset for the Tritons - without being in a conference, however, is an 
she drained 8 of 14 from the field . issue of politics. 

"She's tough to guard because she uses her Whatever happens, Malone said that she 
body so well and makes her shots," Malone has been satisfied with this season's team. 
said. "Win or lose, our players have done a 

Junior forward Kate Turnbull wasn 't far great job this year," Malone said. "Our play-
from stellar against Pomona, either. Turnbull ers are young and have worked hard. It 's been 
turned in numbers similar to Neal's, coming really rewarding. I'm proud of them." 
through with 10 points and 7 rebounds, Five Friday and Saturday are the Tritons' final 
of Turnbull's 7 rebounds were defensive two regular season games. They will both be 
boards, proving to be deciding factors in the played in RIMAC Arena at 7 p.m. Come out, 
game. wear your Tritons Tide T-shirts, and lead 

Malone also said that both teams played them into the postseason. 

UCSD Grabs 3 Wins 
REBOUND: Tritons bounce back fro~ tough losses to UC Davis 
By lINn Welles 
Staff Writer 

As men's basebalJ Head Coach Dan 
O'Brien indicated after UCSD's gloomy loss-
es to UC Davis, it was a learning experience 
for the team to confront adversity. 
UCSD fans watched a rebounding 
balJcJub last week as the Tritons 

sive gems will never make it onto ESPN, they 
clearly demonstrate Ihe work ethic Ihat 
O'Brien has been trying to instill among Ihe 
team's members, 

Triton ace John Gherini also showed per-
severance against Concordia. 

bounced hack from their losses .. "; 
to UC Davis by outplaying two _,AL~ 

"It was good to get back out 
there," Gherini said after 
Friday's win. "Warrington and I 
just wanted to get back to the 
basics and try not to do too much quality NAIA Division teams in 

Cal Baptist and COllcordia last 
week, now having reason to hold their 
heads high. 

When they traveled to play Concordia 
again on Wednesday, however, the Tritons let 
one get away in a 12-9 loss. UCSD defeated 
Cal Baptist 7-3 in an away game on Feb, 11th, 
ad came out on top 7-1 at home the next day 
against Concordia. Yesterday's loss to 
Concordia set their overall record at 5-4. 

"Those are the teams we need to beat to 
get in the playoffs," said UCSD's slarting 
catcher Jess Warrington after Friday's 
game. O'Brien told his squad at the conclu-
sion of Friday's victorious outing that the 
team has begun to pul it all together - the 
many preseason drills and numerous hours 
of practice are beginning to yield results on 
the field. 

This hard work and extra ell'ort was evi-
dent for UCSD when, late in Ihe game, third 
baseman Ryan Hill made a spectacular diving 
grab of a grounder to throw out a runner at 
firsl. A Triton right fielder also made III 
impressive diving "alch into the sun for Ihe 
final putout of Ihe game. While such delen-

... to mix speeds and keep em' off 
balance." 

The Tritons displayed some offensive 
punch in the second inning on Friday when 
Kennith Fluharty knocked in 2 runs with a 
base-hit. UCSD was cruising 3-1 going into 
the eighth, and went on to pile up four insur-
ance runs in that inning, making it 7-1. 
Waymon Howze singled in a run with a shot 
to left center and Fluharty, who went I for 4 
with 2 RBI's and 2 runs scored came around 
to home plate as well in the eighth inning. 

UCSD's ga_me on Thursday also spotlight-
ed right-handed freshman pitcher John 
Beaven. The 18 year-old out of CannichaeJ, 
Calif. went a solid five and a third innings 
while giving up 3 runs on 8 hits, along with 7 
strikeouls - the most by a UCSD pitcher in 
a game so far this season. The Tritons posted 
a 5 run first against the Lancers, while 
Waymon Howze and Steve Pelletier doubled 
in the game. Jess Warrington also contribuled 
2 RBI's in the 7-3 win. 

UCSD is home against Chapman 
University al I p,m. on Saturday. Come on 
out and cheer on the Triton baseball squad. 

GIEG LANTHIII'S HOOPS ROUNDUP 
W~h one or two games left on the schedule it's time to start thinking playoffs! Bubble teams will need to 

rally for some late wins to get in, The top squads are trying to lock up the top seeds. Some of the best 
basketball of the season will go down over the next two weeks. Don't forget to call the 1M Dept. (534·3716) 
or come by the office at RIMAC to get all the playoff info which will be released the first week of March. 
........ 8mIrwcord (through Feb, 17) 
Men',AAA 
1 Hand of God 4-0 
2 Ay 5-0 
3 Jabbar 4-0 
4 4Savs&aYak 3-1 
5 Prime TIme Players 4-1 
Men'IM 
1 1O-Foot Poofe 5-0 
2 Ken's Team 5-0 
3 larrow's Nightmares 4-0 
4 Plus or Points 5-0 
5 Ching Chis 4-1 
Men'IA 
1 Who's Your Daddy 5-0 
2 ROCK 5-0 
3 MoronIC Cows 4-0 
4 Infamous No-can 6-0 
5 Fun Police 5-0 
Men', 5-10 and UndIr 
1 Big Richards 5·0 
2 Striders 4-1 
3 Voltron 4-1 
Coed 
1 Sonles 4-0 
2NWO 4-0 
3 AI VA! We're Old 3-0 
4 Phat Balls 3-1 
5 RC's Revenge 4-1 
Women'l 
1 SOCCA Girls 4-1 
2 Teletubbies 4·1 
3 Tulips 3-2 

• 4 EX's 3-2 
5 Lady Bailers 2-3 

Commentl 

Need to make up game with Jabbar 
Eating up easy schedule so lar 
Can't wait for shot at N 1 
Big win last week moves them in 
Back on track after loss to Fly 

Finding a way to win, but not pretty 
Beating up easy league 
New starting lineup rolling 
League t~1e on line Feb 28 
Upset Soylent to take top spot in league 

On top and driving hard 
Big Riley league upset moves this crew in 
Win tonight ices playoff seed 
Senous test when PLAYERS come knocking on Tue 
Has • 1 in their sites, Feb 28 showdown! 

Can anyone bealthese guys? 
Hoping to hang on to number 2 seed 
Last chance to rub out /I 1 on Feb 28 

Looking like no-one will catch 'em 
Last 2 weaks of Ihe schedule will take it's toll 
Lead the league in pulled muscles 
Need to rally after last game 
All 0 , No D - a bad combo for this level 

A win this week assures top spot 
Looking to revenge 5 point loss to N 1 
Wming down the slretch 
Making a late run, get Teletubbies on Sun 
Two wins down the stretch gels 'em in 

HAWAIIAN .OOIlAWU mLL KICKING IMI PINUPPUI 
It's kind of hard to believe In this day and age of high-tech everything, that a 

sport called Hawaiian Football would still capture the imagination of the sophis. 
ticeted college population of the '90s, but 10 and behold ... it does! It's still 
there .. ,that soothing Hawaiian Football thing, .. calmly breathing life into the 
Muir Field complex every Friday aftemoon like il has for three decades now. 

How so you say? Who can explain this anorexic anomaly? To the uniniti· 
ated observer ,t appears to be contrasting parts , .. ,a beautiful hibiscus in bloom in one hand and a prickly 
pineapple in the other, But for the true sports intellect, the game flows in a friendly forwalll fashion, ,. it just 
goes and goes ... pass, pass, pass, score. And then it's your turn. It is somewhat like basketball, but with 
a much larger hoop at the end of the rainbow. 

This sport appeals to a select few at UCSD (we dial up anywhere from 6-to·15 teams a year) , but 
amazingly, it seems very capable of perpetuating itself. It's always In January-February, always on Friday 
afternoons, and always played by individuals who love to run and catch ... and run and catch some more. 
And when the season finale Hula Bowl takes place in early March, our participaflts walk wistfully into the 
sunset knowing only that it's a mere 10 months 'til the next game of Hawaiian, They can wail. , ,and they do 
come back. 

This year's season is currently moving into it's fifth week .. , with just a couple more to go. The Big 
Kahunas so far are the IWANALEIA group heeded by riptide ringers, Kevin Napolitano, Derek Bennett, and 
Kirk Miller, They are unbeaten on the field so far (4-0), but pulled an untimely no show last Friday against 
Bobby carrera's once defeated SEVEN dub. Both teams are averaging over 40 points per game so far 
(lOW for Hawaiian Slandards) and seem to be hining their full stride as we approach the post-season. 

Trucking ~ to the next tier, Gure Khalsa, a throwback triple-threater, leads his DIAL 911 squad on a 
weekly basis continually searching for new answers in getting his team to the next level. LIQUOR BOX 
another quality dub that whipped DIAL 41-25 earlier in the year, is also looking to threaten the top two, 

If you want to watch, check out this week's games: 
FrldIy, Feb 111 &pm Muir FIeld Seven VI. Chlba Tlgere 
FrIdIy, Feb 19 &pm Muir Reid The Rock vI.lwanalela 
Or the following week's games (rained out make-ups from Feb, 5) 
FrIdIy, Fib 26 5pm Muir Reid 
FrIdIy, Feb 26 5pm Muir Reid 
FrIdIy, Feb 26 &pm Muir Reid 
FrIdIy, Feb 26 &pm Muir FIeld 

Chlba Tiger. V" Liquor Box 
The Rock VI, Sevan 
Liquor Box VI, Dial 911 
lwanalela VI, Seven 

~D Inlramural Sporl~ 
Winter Scramble 
Golf Tournament 
4 pe~on scramble 
Friday, Feb.l9 
Rancho San Diego Golf Club 
Sign up Ih~h Feb. 18 at RIMAe front 
deS~, 41h Hoar, lOam-5pm. 

Entry Fee $28: includes ~...., lee, 
,mZM, refreshmenls and Long Driw and 

CIosesf...,. ..... Pin conlesls. 
for more inlarmation cal 534-3716, 



I 
1 
I 

I 
.I 

16 SPORTS 

........... 

...... , .... 
.., (ow "..".. 

-Paullynde 
on how to cure a 

compulSive gambler, 
Circa 1984 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, February 18, 1999 

PORTS 
UCSD SWEEPS 

CONFERENCE TITLES 
With ruthless efficiency, both the Triton men's and women's 

swimming and diving squads claimed conference titles 

CSU Bakersfieldlitllying 621 . the 200 individual medley and the 
team of Mark Latronica, Payne, 
Rusty Jones, and Danny Fisher 
paced the 400 medley relay field. 
However, UCSD finished in the top 

By Travis Hili 
Associate Sports Editor 

You w uldn ' t help but be 
impressed. 

From the opening sprint, the 
UCSD men's and women's swim-
ming and diving squads thorough-
ly dominated the 1999 Men 's 
Pacific Collegiate Swimming and 
Di ving Championships last week-
end in Long Beach as hoth squads 
won conferenl:e titl e~. 

The strange thing wa~ that 
UCSD rarely lini shed first in any 
I!vent. So how did the Tritons 
record lew firsts and ~till mamlge 
to pumm<!l their opponents? 

event. Matt Payne recorded a ra~e 
lirst place for the Tritons. But the 
devastating blow to the other·teams 
was that Greg Knott finished third. 
Then Greg Scott finished fifth . In 
that event alone. UCSD recorded 50 
points, In the women's event, 
Lindsey Meeks won the official 
final. the only first place finish of the 
weekend for the women. But one of 
the alternates for the Tritons, Sandra 
Lopez, broke the school record on 
her preliminary swim. 

Always a weak spot in the past, 
thi s year UCSD's diving has 
shored up its lack of production. 
Matt McDonald finished fifth In 
the I-meter dive final, and 
took fourth in the 3-meter 
event , gaining 
crucial points for 
the Tritons. In 
the women's diving 
events, Heather Willey 
placed sixth and Melissa 
Azevedo finished II th in the 1-
meter. In the 3-meter, Azevedo 
took seventh, Willey finished 11th 
and Angela Juran earned UCSD 
points by taking 15th. 

five in 16 of the 20 events, 
often with more than one 

Triton in the 
group. That is 
an unbelievable 

testament to a team effort. 
The women's team is 

even more impressive, consider-
ing that Meeks' win was the squad's 
only first-place tally. But the Tritons 
finished in the top five in 15 of 20 
events. Similar to the men's team, 
often the Tritons had more than one 
top-five finisher in a single race. 
That is how UCSD piled up so many 
points without winning many races. 

difference. It was likewise for the 
women. who had Keri Wilson. Linda 
Monroe, Amanda Gurnee and Kelly 
Byrne regularly finish strong. But 
Vinessa Tjoa, Sarah Brainard, Jenny 
Irwin and Sharon Smith picked up 
vital points every day. 

This performance reflected on 
the masterful job Head Coach Scott 
McGihon has done in his first year. 
For his efforts, the Pacific Coast 
Swimming and Diving Conference 
named him coach of the year in both 
men's and women's categories. 

It was a great victory for 
McGihon and his troops, but its tirne 
to get back in the pool -the National 
Championships are less than a month 
away. This victory was wonderful for 
the team spirit and they are swim-
ming with even more confidence. 

Dl!pth wa, the key. Great I!xam-
ple\ of UCSD's tremendom. dl!pth 
were 111 the men's and women '~ 100 
hn:a~l\trokl! linab. In the men" 

Both the men's and women 's 
squads opened with the lead on the 
lirst day of their respective three-
day events, and never relinquished 
them. The women finished with 634 
points. 29 ahead of second-place 
USD. The men's squad ended up 
with 672 points. with second-place 

Another example of UCSD's 
depth can be seen by comparing the 
few first -place finishes it had to the 
myriad top-five linishes it com-
piled. In 20 events. the Triton men 
had four firS1 -place medals. In addi-
tion to Payne 's 100 breaststroke, he 
also took the 200. Ryan Wong won 

For the men, stars like Latronica, 
Payne and Wong were outstanding all 
weekend. But it was contributors like 
Jason Boellncr. David Tudory, Mark 
Beiter and Ross Russo that made the 

"[The meet] brought us togeth-
er." Byrne said. "Now we have a 
goal of kicking butt at nationals. 
and we feel good about it because 
we did so well at conference." 

Tritons Just Miss Upset 
DIG: Tritons takes game from Aztecs but can't take the match 
By Bill Burger 
Senior Staff Writer 

La~t Tue,day. UCSD and San Diegu 
State Ul1I versity (SDS U) engaged in a rough 
hallie for ~ tatu~ as the best in men'!> vo lley-
h311 in San Diego. The match was billed a~ 
an encounler helwecn IWO evenly malched 
t eam~. and turned oul 10 be exactly Ihal. 
with our southeastern neighbors narrowly 
defeating Ihe Tritons in four hard-fought 
games. 15-5. 10-15. 15-13. 15- 11. 

The Tritons turned in a very poor perfor-
mance in the first game. overwhelmed by 
Ihe AZlecs' offense :lI1d defense. The team-
managed only 8 kills and had 7 hitting 
errors. while Ihe Aztecs were on tire. lotal-
ing 17 kills and amassing only two hitting 
errors. 

"We were a little jumpy when we came 
out for the first game," said sophomore Zack 
Hite. "After that, we started swinging a little 
smarter instead of hitting as hard as we 
could." 

In game two, the Tritons corrected their 
earlier problems. keeping the game 
close the entire way. In the end, 
the Tritons were able to 
pull off only their second 
game victory in the 
Mountain Pacific Sports 
Federation this year, 15-10. UCSD's 
ability to put points away was key in deter-
mining its ~uccess in game two - the 
Tritons tallied 25 kills in the second game as 
opposed to only eight in the lirst. 

Then came what was perhaps UCSD's 
single most disappointing garne of the sea-
son. The Tritons got off to a quick start, 
leading 13-7 at one point. Apparently on 

Juious Choi/ Guardian 
......_ Bill Sinclair winds up to smash 
a ball from Setter Kurt Seckington. 
their way to a pivotal victory, the team had a 
2-1 lead. Unfortunately, the Tritons never 
won another point after that, and eventually 
lost the game, 13-15. Instead of being up 

two games to one, the Tritons trailed 
by that margin, reeling from the 

tough defeat. 
The Tritons, however, 

did not give up. They 
fought on and remained in the game· 

- despite the valiant effort, however, 
the Tritons again were unable to close the 
game out. SDSU took not only the game, 
15-11. but also the match in only four victo-
ries. 

The Tritons were once again led by Hite 
and senior Devon Jeffcoat. Hite had 18 ki lis, 
and Jeffcoat totaled an impressive 19 kills 

See VOLUY, Page 14 

Possibly No Postseason 
SLUGGED: Loss to UCSC darkens UCSD's playoff hopes 
By Jake Gordon 
Sports Editor 

Even the best of seasons can vanish in 
just the blink of an eye. Last Sunday night, 
the UCSD men 's basketball team was lead-
ing by 13 points at halftime against the 
University of California, Santa 
Cruz - but then it hap-
pened. Only 20 minutes 
away from raising their 
record to 21-3 and gaininjl a good 
shot at a postseason berth, every 
Triton player's nightmare carne true -
the team went stone cold. 

"We just couldn't hit a shot," Assistant 
Coach Dave Dillon said. "It was like there 
was a lid on the basket. The harder we tried 
to score, the more difficult it became." 

UCSD scored only 22 points in the sec-
ond half, losing to the Banana Slugs, 70-66. 
The horrific loss almost completely 
destroyed the Tritons' hopes for making the 
playoffs. 

Head Coach Greg Lanthier's squad had 
just beaten the Slugs on Friday night, 79-55, 
giving them 20 wins for the season - the 
most for UCSD men's basketball since 
1993-1994. But unlike that squad of five 
years ago that lost in the second round ofthe 
NCAA's, this year's team will likely be sit-
ting at home during the tournament. 

In Friday's game, UCSD dominated. 
Senior star Mike Wall scored 28 points and 
pulled down 9 rebounds. while senior guard 
Tyler Garratt scored 17, including 11-12 
from the free throw line. 

In Sunday's game, Wall and Garratt 
maintained their status as the hilh scorers, 
but only with 12 and 14 points, ~speaive-

Iy. In the dreadful second half, UCSD com-
bined to shoot 25 percent from the floor, 
connecting on only 6 of 24 shots. The 
Tritons' normally maintain a high three-
point percentage, but against the Slugs, it 

dropped from 44 percent in the first 
half to 17 percent in the second. It 

seemed as if the team was 
suddenly cursed. 

"I think there was a lot 
of pressure on our guys to get into 

the playoffs and it was too much for 
them," Dillon said "We just didn't per-

form well." . 
For UCSD to make the playoffs, an 

unlikely series of events must ensue. The 
Tritons are currently in the "honorable men-
tion" position in the NCAA Division III 
West region, and in order to qualify for the 
postseason, th~e of the top six teams ahead 
of them in the region must lose, and UCSD 
must also win its last game at The Master's 
College. Getting a win against the tough 
NAIA school will be difficult enough, 
~gardless of the fact that the other teams 
must all lose. 

Now, the possibility for a Triton playoff 
, home game are less than slim. It's amazing 
that a basketball.season this memorable will 
end so abruptly. 

"It just doesn't seem right to be 20-4 and 
be disappointed about it," Dillon said. 

The team's 20 wins this season are the 
most recorded for a season under head 
coach Lanthier. After the lame alainst The 
Master's, the record millie be even better. 
The Triton scuon is not over yet and in such 
a miraculous season, it's possible that 
UCSD hu one more: miracle left. 

I 


