
Get Straight A's 
Academic probation got you down? 
Read this quibble to decide if first 
degree murder is the option for you 

Propaganda, page D4 

. Got Crack? 
Read all about it! Donuts! 
Mind-altering substances! Trick 
questions! All this an'more! 

Arena, page D5 

Club Football 
Club football enters an entirely new 
league with veteran head coach Bill 
Parcels gripping the reins 

SplOGge, page D8 

I H E DIS R E • 
Circulation 

y-

UCSAN DIEGO 

Worldwide 
Adult EntwbIIIIInent 
Industry Ie FNnce'. 1IIInI 
Lqeet Export 

PARIS - Adult Entertainment 
Is France's Third Largest Export 

The French economy is bene-
fiting from a booming adult enter-
tainment industry, according to 
the International Research 
Council. France, birthplace of the 
menage a trois and the French 
tickler, has been accused by the 
United Kingdom of having a 
monopoly on sex-related prod-
ucts. 

A French economist retorted in 
a nasely tone, "But they have cor-
nered the market in boiled goods," 

Ste PORN, Page 69 

National 
Court Orden MIcroeoft 
DIvIded Into DI--.., 
VIolence E-.. 

After months of unsuccessful 
negottattons, the Justice 
Department will order Microsoft to 
break up into smaller, specialized 
divisions. The Justice Department 
will officially announce its decision 
this Wednesday. According to a jus-
tice department official, the move 
came after former Microsoft 
Chairman William H. Gates threw 
his desktop computer at Joel I. 
Klein, the assistant attorney general 
in charge of the Justice Department 
anti-trust division, during an 
intense discussion. 

See DIVISION, Page 7 

Collegiate 
......, ....... Fonn 
the Rnt ...... ........ 
A ..... In Country 

BERKELEY - In an unprece-
dented move, 50 Berkeley students 
have created the first pro-sweat-
shop student group. The 
Organization for the Protection of 
Economic Rights was startecl by 
six Berkeley seniors, all economics 
majors, who say they are disgusted 
with the proliferatiC!n of anti-
sweatshop groups on campus and 
believe that students are being 
used by American labor unions to 
increase U.S. apparel tariffs. OPER 
plans to stage a protest next 
Wednesday at Sproul Hall. 

See SWlATY, Page 8 

Spoken 
"There are plenty of men ... 
I mean women ... who have 
... I mean would ... pay to 
sleep with me. I'm convinced 
that Tesh's tush can save 
UCSD's commencement." 

-fMII ..... 
A.S. President and UCSD Slut 

WWUl nambla.org 

Monday 
AprIl 1,2000 

VOLUME 100, ISSUE 1 

All-Campus Commencement Canceled 
Maya Angelou turns 

, down UCSD for offer 
from UC Riverside 
By BLANCA MENTlIIOSA 
Senior Staff Writer 

This year's all-campus graduation 
ceremony was canceled last week fol-
lowing an announcement from Maya 
Angelou that she has been presented 
with a "more favorable speaking 
engagement." 

Angelou, who was scheduled to be 
the keynote speaker for UCSD's 
fourth all-campus commencement 
on June 17, will instead be speaking at 
UC Riverside. 

In a letter of apology to Chancellor 
Dynes, Angeloll listed her reasons for 
not speaking at UCSD. 

"Not only will I be speaking to a 
more diverse and unified group of 
students at UC Riverside, but the uni-
versity has offered me more money." 

Vice Chancellor James Langley 
'said that the amount offered to 
Angelou by UC Riverside was a mere 
$100 more than the $25.000 that 
UCSD was going to pay her for 
speaking. 

"I'm appalled that Angelou would 
cancel on such short notice," he said. 
"And Riverside? The embarrassment 
of the UC system? You'd have to pay 
me a whole lot more than 2S grand to 
speak there." 

Dynes said he is currently search-
ing for another speaker, but is pes-
simistic about finding a replacement. 

Bi& Bird/ Gua-aian 
c..- Mr* An tmotionalAngtlou. pictured herr with baby Natashtl {7ttr -/ittIt Muppn Jritndi, will address graduallS at UC 
Rivmidt this./unl aft6 canaling an agrmnmt to speak at UCSD. Tht A.S. Council is cumntry starchingfor a new sptakn: 

"There is little chance of the uni-
versity attracting such a high-caliber 
speaker in such a short amount of 
time," he said. "We may be forced to 
fall back on Irwin Uacobsl ". again." 

See ANGELOU, Page D2 

Scientists Identify 
Rhythm Gene in Mice 
Senior Staff Writer 

Researchers in UCSD's bioengi-
neering department announced 
yesterday that they have finally iso-
lated the long sought-after "rhythm 
gene." The announcement came 
after researchers successfully engi-
neered mice with an impeccable 
sense of timing. hot dance moves 
and increased flexibility. 

"This is a ground-breaking 
discovery," said biology Professor 
Stu Little, who headed the 
research project. "While we're 
currently limited to breeding 
funky mice, there's no reason to 
expect that there will be any 
major difficulties in applying the 
benefits of this discovery to 
humans. We have taken the first 
important step toward eradicating 
rhythm deficiency in the world." 

The mice engineered by the pr0-
ject appear normal in every respect. 

except when exposed to music. 
Then they bust out on the dance 
floor and come into their own. 

UCSD research assistant 
Ralph Esse summarized the phe-
nomenon: "These are mega-fly 
and super-bad. They've got more 
soul than James Brown." 

Others are skeptical of the dis-
covery. SDSU biology . Professor 
Stan Darownd cautioned against 
jumping to any conclusions. 

"There's Significant evidence 
suggesting that there is no single 
rhythm gene. We have every reason 
to believe that there are actually sev-
eral different genes that govern 
dancing. These mice may dance fine 
to house, but what about Latin 
grooves? Can they salsa? Does this 
research team actually think that 
just because these mice can bug out 
to some top 40 garbage that they're 
going to be able to slam dance?" 

Stt ...vn., Page 10 

Pope Apologizes for 
Hyperevangelical Christians 
Head of the Catholic church begs forgiveness 
for Michael and others who force religion 
., MAllY MAGDELINO 
Staff Writer 

In a continuing series of apolo-
gies, Pope John Paul II apologized 
yesterday for the sins of Warren 
senior Michael Carley and other 
hyperevangelical Christians. 

"The church is sorry that some 
Christians have resorted to this 
type of evangelism," the pope said 
during his weekly homily from the 
Vatican. "We must not allow fel -
low Christians such as Michael 
Carley to parade around college 
campuses forcing our religion 
upon others." 

Wearing a robe that read "I do 
not agree with Michael," the pope 
said that Christians should pro-
mote an atmosphere of peace and 
tolerance, especially on college 

campuses, where they might not 
always be accepted. 

Carley, who was the center of 
last quarter's "Do you agree with 
Michael?" campaign, lashed out at 
the pope's statements late last 
night at a Campus Crusade for 
Christ rally in the Price Center. 

''I'm sorry that the pope feels 
that way about me," he said. 
"Unfortunately, I believe that he 
too will end up in hell. The only 
way to heaven is through me and 
my cult, urn ." I mean religion . 
Anyone who disagrees with me 
will undoubtedly burn in eternal 
hellfire." 

A group of blue-shirted sup-
porters then ' knelt to worship 
Carley. 

See POPI, Page 7 



D2 NOOSE 

Angelou: 
KhulJar ~S he will do 
"anything" tv get a speaker 
CoIIttIIued froIII PICe Dl 

jacobs, founder and owner of 
Qualcomm, spoke in front of a "stel-
lar" crowd of 700 at last year's all-
campus commencement, which was 
nearly canceled. 

A list of speakers compiled earlier 
in the year is being reconsidered. At 
the top of that list is actor and come-
dian Bill Cosby. The university was 
una.ble to secure Cosby as a speaker 
earher because of the actor's ridicu-
lous $150,000 speaking fee. 

A.S President Tesh Khullar said he 
too is devoted to finding a new speak-
er and keeping all-campus com-
mencement alive. 

"I won't hesitate to bend over 
backward, or forward, to ensure that 
all-campus. comm~ncement ~appens 
for graduatmg seniors," Khullar said. 

Khullar added jokingly that he 
would sell his body to raise the addi-
tional funds needed to secure a 
speaker such as Cosby. 

"There are plenty of mel) ... I mean 
women ... who have .. . I mean would 
'" pay to sleep with me," Khullar said. 

A.S. Vice President Internal 
jennifer Lee scoffed at the notion: 
"Have you seen Tesh naked?" 

Eric Rovner, A.S. vice president 
finance. also did not think Khullar's 
proposal was fiscally sound, saying 
that he . too. ha.d unfortunately seen 
Khullar m hiS birthday suit but would 
not specify on what terms. 

The five college provosts, Tom 
Bond, David jordan, Ann Craig. Cecil 
Lytle and Pat Ledden, were seen get-
ting sloshed at the Faculty Club. 

In a drunken slur, Bond muttered 
"There is no reason to have an all~ 
commencement when there are col-
lege commencements ... *burp* who 
wants to attend two graduations any-
way? I was always strongly opposed 
to the idea of the all-campus com-
mencement. Pass me another Lucky 

~ager, Cece. This is a day of celebra-
tion for the university. What's up 
with that weird muppet photo? 
Th~t's sure something that could give 
a kid some serious nightmares: 

LIST OF 
FOOLS 

Fuckin' Zulma! 
(Even A.S. fired yo' ass.) 

Ann Barefield 
Bobby (Communications is my 

Hobby, I'm so Siobby, when I work 
your Knobby in front of your 

Mommy in the A.S. Lobby) Kim 
Jim Carruthers 
The Che Cafe 
Brock Halter 
Bill Bradley 

John McCain 
AI Gore 

George W Bush 
John Barber 

(Sorry John, you still suck.) 
Karen Tran 

Jeffrey "M." Barker 
"Michael" 

The Reform Party 
The Fucking Meter Pussies 

The Assholes who stole 
Jessica's Car 

The Muir Quarterly 
Reid Monaster 

Rat Pu 
The Fucking 8500 

(sorry, John - we ignored your 
warning.) 

Jim Stephens 
(for old time's sake) 

The Disre-Guardian 

ETCETERA 
In=e ftC nt£ 

GU~R1>(AM 
"~'S Ht>rH,~ 
'tK£ atJIIPIN' /j/WMLIJS 

A~~O TJIITOfIIIrtCSJ" 

BRIEFLY 

ti!J2fJ()O 8'1 ~~s A"'~~'~ ~Wt1)A' ~ .. 
-"'UFP'5 AIlE ON T)f£ 
~Ec.£''''N61lNb.A»T' 
""' .. /lluttNd ~ •• 

Univ~rsity House to Host Movement 
Tom Tucker, assistant vice chancellor of stu-

dents affairs, said last week that the OJ and 
Vinylphiles Club has become too successful at 
holding events on campus and must move its 
annual "Movement" event off campus. He sug_ 
gested that the club move its event to the 
University House, where Chancellor Robert 
Dynes resides. 

The University House is a residence paid for 
by the UC Regents for the chancellor and his 
family. Because its main purpose is to entertain 
guests of the university, Tucker said it is ideal to . 
serve as an appropriate location for Movement 
2001. 

The OJ and Vinylphiles club is already plan-
ning the event. According to members of the 
club, Movement 2001 will feature over a dozen 
DJs from around the country. While the Price 
Center Plaza could only accommodate 5,000 
attendees, Dynes' residence will accommodate 
nearly double that amount. 

Tickets for the event go on sale next week at 
the UCSD Box Office in the Price Center. 
Admission will be $5 for students and $10 for 
nonstudents. All proceeds will benefit the chan-
cellor's slush fund. For more informatIon call 
534-PARTY. ' 

Environmentalists Deem Iful, 
Qu.terly a Waste of Paper 

Environmentalists from the Environmental 
Protection Agency have asked Chancellor Dynes 
~o revok~ funding from the Muir Quarterly, stat-
109 that the paper used by the Muir Quarterly 
could be put to greater use as rectal wipes." 

~fter reviewing the damage caused to the 
enVIronment, the EPA reported that the Muir 
Quarterly is the greatest environmental tragedy 
since the Exxon-Valdez oil spill . 

Re.searc~ers spent less than an hour reading 
and dlscuss!ng the publication before arriving at 
~he conclUSIOn that the paper is downright bor-
109. 

·We real!y don't see much point to [the 
pape~]." said one environmentalist, speaking on 
condition of anonymity. "We're not sure If they're 
trying to be like The Koala or what, but this stuff 

ERRATA 

just Isn't funny .• 
The report concluded: "We haven't seen such 
a~ appam,ng level of journalistic incompetence 
slOce KevlO Stephens was editor." 

UCSD Offers Free Penile 
Implants for Fllture Study 

Dean David Schlong Bailey of the UCSO 
M.edical School has introduced a new study that 
will be undertaken this month. Fifteen volun-
teers are needed for 8 penile implant clinical 
trial. The implant is theorized to add 12 inches 
to any average-size penis. 
. T~ Women 's Center is protesting the study 
due its discrimination against women, 

",,!e stronely abhor the nature of thIs study 
despite the pleasure it could bring millions of 
women around the world,· 
the women's center director saId. ·It Is a clear 
example of sexual discrimination because 
women are not Included in this study. Any 
woman who desires a penile implant deserves 
one." 

Chancellor Robert Dynes, however, said that 
the trial must go on. 

"To pledge my commitment to the medical 
school and this university'S cutting-edge 
research, I have offered to be the first volunteer 
for this study,· he said. 

Dynes also noted that he is looking forward 
to enlarging hIs smaller-than-average penis. 

For more information or to be part of this very 
important study, call 534-LONG. 

Dynes Becomes a Dot CollI 
Company Soon to Go IPO 

Chancellor Robert Dynes has announced that 
~ has founded a dot com company featuring a 
Wide array of Dynes merchandise available for 
public purchase. Students, faculty and staff are 
encouraged to check out 
http://www.dynes.com for hot-selling Items 
such as the Dynes thong, the Dynes bowtie, the 
Dynes jumpsuit and the Dynes University House. 

The company will be goIng IPO this week. 
Dynes said.he looks forward to adding another 
$2 billion to hIs current wealth of $1 trillion. 

iii the April 1 Disre-Guardian issue, all the articles were false. No lawsuits, please. 

No you know what? Fuck itl We apologize for nothl~1 

Monday, April 1, 2000 

MARC • ... TIII· COIEt 
7ImgwStud 

JULIA "IWII.OA-YADllt. 
She's Good OraJllI 

LEENA "T'" Are loy" ItWIWI 
TralTic Hazard 

ALISON "IweMIcII .......... NORRIS 
Ya Fer SIwr Frlim SuNrrt. Ya 

JENNIFER ·LIttIIIxpoMd 0.. SPOSITO 
Errtranad 

VINCENT ·N ........... GUGNANI 
Wopl'onll 

BRENT .""".' DMz .... DON 
Pimp 

WAIIO·StupId II ...... Wltll All ','· HAN 
You Broughl This On YOUTSllV 

IIIU. "F ....... a 
Also Costs 29, On 'TWs4D/IS 

IIOIERT ....... , ...... 1 Now'· FWON 
Guardian MUllfNlt 

JDIICA ~. ICItIIIfIIIAM 
l'Jaggic Stille (T1uzt's her 'position'.//« it?) 

l0III ........ ,... Pan! .... ClOUSE 
.kssica:S IMIper MonIrJIr 

DAVlDLIE ..... • 
HarlJinger olE 

LINDSAY .c.ctI FtIcMr· IWOIIIO 
Hiatus 0Ifia Ftoozll 

WALT ·Too 0lIl F. l1IIIlIIIt· DlCKINION 
DesignlJesignChielHiatusDesign Edilor 

USA ·Puff ,.". HUFF 
Bilch. 

DAVID PILl·NER· 
Boouhound 

NiCk ___ "-1" RUNCO 
We went to this Irish bar in the cilll and we 

p1aged pool untilJ in the mom"v! &t thai's 
not lhe '?nt part, the b.l;t port IS this hat 

c'!'ck, wall, twa hal chicks UXWf lota/bt Jiar-
mg at mil but I didn't lalle to them. TMn / 

went and bought som, more clolhes and UIf! 
went out the nut niflht antI,'ust {lOt 

<lakeStllie> Hammered! (Fuc; tIlt litsf) 
<.fJakeStllle> and Ihis CHICK looic lhis pMt 
DUMP aU CIVIr '''' Roor and us-' Jon's shirl 
10 wipe her ass, which sucked. Bu"", BEST 
part was the part,l btc_ tlwrt U1QS SOOO 

much nalcalness and whipped cream and like 
four HOT flirls slept in "'II1Md, so / sllpt on 
'''' couch. But wail. wail, the nut morning 
/lie '!'4!"t to ~!' and met t'- HOT dtmUr 
chicks who mJJfltld us to t"'ir room but "" 
hod to fI4!I. to the outlets lHtfon tlwt/ clostld 
and this hoi CHICK MIped _ "." on LU9 

pairs 01 pants .... 
BRIAN • ., n· '""NUt 

The Phantom /oknQce 

MMILA ........ FIlUM 
Mixm ' Bushwis with ~ 

MIKE .MIIIter1I Gal· MARTINEZ 
Litlle Lunatic &stard 

MAn ....... McROBERTI 
Brock Part o.ux Plus n.o 

YVmE ... ..... Do It Too IAIII" ALCAlA 
7bo Good 7b Hanfl With Guardian StaRm 

~""'AIIT 
.-",. 'c.cx- IhIn Melody' .... 
.... ....-.w.1/I 

ZIrinI -Mont '1_1Int' Thin 1lNmo' M_z 
ADWllllIIIIII8 DIllIN • lAYOUT 

Slcy 'KoIIII Spy' Froot ...... 1I.1e 'Too Damn Quiet 
lor • Nckname' ~. C_ 'VoIboI- Bultenhuys 

CCIW'UlIIIIWPOIn 
Andraw 'Min of Myst"'y' CItan!,. 

lIlT I'I.ACIS YO uti DIIIHII 011 CA-.ua M--Htek~h f'- of Gel .... In Fronl/On 
Top 01 The """ God. 2nd Floor of lhe Old 51.-,. 

Cent'" Bulldtnl -A-. Room 217 !lynes' Ollie. ModI.~.· • 
lIlT I'IOI'U YO UII DIIIHII WITH 011 CAMI'UI ~ ..... Dave ..... Dave ..... Dave .... 0... .... ~ ..... Dave ..... Dave ..... Dave ..... 0... Lee' 
o..e lee. DeY. lee. DeY. lee. 0 ... lee: o..e lee: 

lIlT DRUOIYO uti 011 CAMI'UI 
POI . CrOCk . s.-k. t. M_lline. Crystll Moth, 
Glue. P_ TN""",. Toner Cor triac •• (you _0 

lhem). W_ • • Acid. SOOfl. ShrOom •• HerOIn 
lIlT ntIIIU TO DO WIIIU 

OIIIIIIUU WItiU 011 CA...,. 
Go to CI .... ROId lhe Guardian. Writ. for lhe 

Guardian. Orive tno Guordlan Corl. M."... lno 
Buslneu OIflC. of lhe Guardian. S." Ado Tor lhe 

Gu.rdian .. Attend A.S. Moetl ..... Humtllno Sun God 
.' (Ilk. you ve _ thoulht _ It) , Milk. Sweet. 

Sweet love 10 Everyont You Moet 

General Editorial: 1 (800) BlOW-ME 
News and Fe.urel: 534IiOTASS 

Opinion. Sport. and PhOto: 53-4TAGTEAM 
HI.us: 53-4SEXNTHEOFFICE 

AdiIert ..... 0Iftce: S3-4PAMElA 
F.: 53-4NOISYSTATICYlOVE 

lHTIall: cyOersex~S4IU"dI ... ori 
well: http://www,''ambI • . ori/ 

The Seventh Circle of Hell 
8IImM DrIve 0318, 

La Jolla, CA 92~18 
ACIUIIIlouUon: Fuck oM We CIon'I Want 

you 10 come !Jr. you worlhl_lIIIl. 

Monday, April 1, 2000 The Disre-Guardian 

LITES & SIGHRENS 
.... ,..." -.:1121 

3:21 ,...: A student reported 
the theft of three kilos of cocaine 
from his backpack. Loss: Four 
knuckles, two ribs, six teeth and 
two immediate family members. 

10'.17 ...... : Officers arrested 
an 18-year-old male student for 
minor posseSSion of Swedish peniS 
enlarger. Student claimed he was 
returning it to his "friend." Loss: 
three to four inches. 
......" .... 21 

U:43 L •• : Four UCSD stu-
dents under the influence of 
MDMA were detained for inde-
cent exposure in Price Center 
fountain. Sodomized, pho-
tographed and tied to the 
Guardian newspaper stand. 

7:0,...: 22-year-old male edi-
tor arrested for possession of 
every known controlled substance 
scheduled by the DEA . Loss: 
access to a shitload of good fuck-
ing drugs. 

1:32 ,...: Officers arrested the 
driver of a red, '64 Chevy Impala 
from Lot 205 for wearing a pink 
boa, purple top hat and matching 
cane. Taken back to the third floor 
of the Price Center. 

......,,-"27 
1:04 .... : Units and the San 

Diego Fire Department responded 
to a Mexican female suffering from 
labor pains at Price Center lobby. 
Transported to the border. 

11:21 .... : Officers responded 
to reports of a 21-year-old male 
student claiming to be God and 
condemning nonbelievers to hell . 
Transported to the monolithic -
Mormon Temple. 

12:21 ,...: FBI agents con-
fronted a 12-year-old Preuss 
School student for selling nuclear 

launch codes to international rela-
tions professors in the political sci-
ence department. Returned t(l 
third period Russian language lab 
and give three weeks detention. 

4:07 ,.-.: Portly, intoxicated 
student reported the theft of an In-
n-Out nine by nine, three chocolate 
milkshakes and seven orders of 
fries from his backpack. Loss: 
$23.14 and fIVe pounds. 

10:. .. ... : Units and para-
medics responded to 43-year-old 
manager at Plaza Cafe whOse rec-
tal region was fused to a frozen, 
chocolate-covered banana. Banana 
pop was removed and placed back 
with the others. 

T....." ..... 
10:43 a.&: An unidentified stu-

dent organization reported the 
annoyance of a 36-year-old home-
less man who bothered its mem-
bers relentlessly. Nothing was 
done. 

10:41 .... : The same student 
organization reported the annoy-
ance of a 36-year-old homeless 
man who kept trying to use its 
computers. Police failed to 
respond. 

10:41 a.&: A 36-year-old home-
less man was reported trying to 

get the members of an unidentified 
student orgar,ization to listen to 
his propaganda. No one was listen-
ing. 

U:14 ... .: Seventy-two cases 
of Hamm's light was confiscated 
from the media lounge in the 
Student Center. Taken to 
University House for personal con-
sumption. 
, 2:04 ..... : The California 
Department of Health condemned 
Plaza Cafe for violating a record 
382 health codes. Investigating 
agents were strangled, cut into lit-
tle pieces and pushed through a 
meat grinder. 

4:32 p ••• : Three Guardian 
employees were warned for dis-
turbing the peace with noise that 
was claimed to be "music" in the 
Student Center. Instruments 
should have been burned on site. 

.. II ..... : Four African 
American students were spotted 
on campus. Six units, the San 
Diego Fire Department and 
SWAT. arrived on scene to make 
sure they did not have any guns, 
drugs or rap music hidden in their 
baggy jeans. Seven text books, 
two 11-86 calculators, a stetho-
scope and some scrubs were 
found. 

....... ~." ..... 2I 
1:20 .... : The visual arts 

department reported the theft of 
56 student projects that were 
placed about campus. Loss: None. 

1-... L .. : Officers fined a 19-
year-old, female student for the 
misuse of a handicapped placard. 
Police broke her legs and confis-
cated the placard. 

1:12 ..... : Che Cafe con-
demned by health authority. 
Scheduled for incineration. 

~\exible $$$ interpreting 1I •• nlllli 

I 

$243 a day, $135 a half day, $60,000 a year full time 
- that's what you un earn court Interpmlnc Ir you are SpanIsb-EnaHsh billJIIWlI-
You cao work a lot or a uWe (I"U tim~ or ptUt-tim~ to worlc 10'" way thro"," colhg,) 

TIlt SouthmI Callfomli SdIooI of Inmprmtlon has opened classes and a language lab 
in San Diego at 444 Camino Del Rio South in addition to Riverside and Los Angeles Counties. 

81% 0/ tIu int,rpreters c,rtiMd by th, State in 1999 w,r, our stud,nts_ 
Our pass nte lor the State certification eX8JIL4i avenges 65·75%. 
94% 01 our students passed the last Federal certiftcation exams. 
SOl/them California School 01 
I§& • CaD (562) 863-0026 today for details 
INTERPRETATI N 

Mexico City ..... $269 
london ........... $295 
Paris ............... $426 
Amsterdam ..... $529 
Madrid ........... $494 
Costa Rica ...... $512 
Athens ............ $745 
florence ... , .... .. $631 
frankfurt .. ....... $397 
Sydney ........... $958 

WE HAVE AIRFARES THAT DON'T 
REQUIRE ADVANCE PURCHASE I 

UCSD Price Center 'lSI) 452-0630 
Couf1(dloIOllo (J (ouf1(dtrovcl.(om WWw.(oul1(illrovel.(oll1 

NOOSE D3 

IS 
MOVIES 
ROMA NIGHTS 
KARAOKE NIGHTS 
THE UNIVERSITY CENTERS 

SPRIWG FILM SfRlfS 



4 PROPAGANDA 

So 

The Disre-Guardian April 1, 2000 

ROPAGANDA 
ou've Decided To Kill Your Roommate 

Go ahead. You know you want to 
By D. KEVORKIAN 
Professional Euthanasiast and Florist 

your roommate that you can exploit in order to drive him over 
the edge. Fortunately you have ready access to this kind of 
information, being that you live with your roommate. Observe 

All of us have heard of the Roommate Provision: If your him and notice what seems to depress him. Docs he experi-
roommate dies, the normally heartless bastards in the admin- ence an inordinate amount of stress over his schoolwork? 
istration take pity on you and give you A's for all your classes Does he sob uncontrollably at the mention of name of a mcm-
for the quarter. This is not an urban legend. It is entirely true. ber of the opposite sex? Does he have an alcohol problem? 
People who get straight A's without the use of this provision Can you coax him into developing one? 
are an urban legend. Once you've identified his problem, all you have to do is 

The benefits of this situation are numerous. First of all, you to aggravate the situation any way you can and to constantly 
get the 4.00 without having to put in any effort, regardless of remind him about it. Keep him away from psychiatric help or 
your past performance in your classes. If your roommate counseling. Make sure to pick something that is suicide mate-
bumps off early you can take the rest of the quarter off and rial, because if he just drops out of school or gets committed 
party. Secondly, your roommate will be gone and you'll have to a mental institution all your hard work will have been for 
more space to yourself, at least until they .1Ii.......... nothing. 
find you a new roommate, which brings us If you have a shorter amount of time (for 
to the third point: This system is complete- p. ro example, if you realize that your midterm 
ly open-ended. If the university keeps giving scores aren't going to quite cut it), you can 
you new roommates and they keep dying. always try poisoning him. This is a little bit 
you keep getting straight A's. Dead room- more dangerous than the suicide approach, 
mates aren't retroactive, so if you get two but has a better guarantee of results. Slip a 
dead roommates during one quarter you BYARD/AN OPINION little bit of biological contagion or radioac-
basically get the shaft. tive material into your roommate's food 

There are some minor ethical and psy- everyday. Make sure it's just a little bit, 
chological disadvantages to having your because if he goes from being healthy one 
roommate die, but nothing that's really worth mentioning day to being dead the next, people might get suspicious. 
here. Once he starts to develop symptoms of being sick, act con-

Unfortunately roommates rarely die on their own. cemed and tell him he should really see a doctor. Before he 
Sometimes they need a little help. actually has a chance to do this, deliver a lethal dose, kick back 

ow I'm not saying that you should murder and hock your textbooks for beer money. 
your roommate, because that would be illegal The final , quickest method - which should be reserved for 

and you wouldn't qualify for your free A's. But finals week when you realize there's no way in hell you're 
your roommate definitely has to die somehow, and it's about going to pass your classes - is to kill your roommate and 
time you were a little more proactive about it. Murder is just make it look like an accident. This is a lot trickier and has a 
on of your many options. higher risk than the other methods, but sometimes it is the 

The easiest method is to drive your roommate to suicide. only logical thing to do. 
This makes it fairly difficult for the authorities to implicate you There are lots of ways to do this. Get him drunk and stick 
in any way (which, you'll remember, is bad) but it also takes the him in his car to sleep it off. Thm the oven gas on one night 
longest time and the most amount of effort. and slip out for the evening. Casually trip him while standing 

First of all, you need to find an angle. some weakness of near traffic. 

Killing your roomie will only stink up the place 
Iy CASUAL BODY PIERCINU Some of you are saying, "The grade itself doesn't real -

ly matter to me. It's the roommate-killing thaI I find 
appealing." 

Radioactive Disc Jockey 

If your roommate is like mine, his most redeeming To these people, wouldn 't it he infinitely more satisfy-
value is the fact that he gives you cheese. Think about ing to torture your roommate rather than merely killing 
that. If you killed him, he wouldn't give you any more him outright? He steals your food from the fridge, swal-
cheese. What would you live on? Well, I suppose you lows your pet goldfish and jumps on his bed naked while 
could chop your roommate up and eat him, but :your you try to sleep. Why not pay him back for these atroci-
roommate's a lot bigger than a piece of cheese. You and ties, not by ki ll ing him and getting it over with quickly, but 
your pet monkey together couldn't finish your roommate by making his pathetic life a miserably painful one? 
in a month . The corpse would start to ............ Your first step is to catch him. I know 
smell and grow mold, and insects would this is incredibly difficult as he puts 
start to collect on the body. Monkeys con exactly 75 gallons of hair gel on every 
like bugs. But that's because they're morning and it drips down throughout 
monkeys. That's why Ed down the hall the day, greasing him up like a fat pig. 
collects butterflies. He's a monkey in His hygiene is especially complicated by 
disguise. the fact that he only showers on Feb. 29 . 

Anyway, what would you do with RfJlAN OPIN . N So first, get a bucket of hydrochloric 
your roommate's corpse? It would just GilA !O acid and dump it on him while he sleeps. 
sit there, stinking up your suite, grinning He will jump. up, probably not even con-
annoyingly at your friends when they cerned that you have a bucket in your 
walk in. You could hide it among the cadavers at the med- hands that smells suspiciously of hydrochloric acid, and 
ical school, but approximately 93 percent of UCSD stu- run to the shower. When he returns, you'll be able to see 
dents are pre-med, and you wouldn't want just anyone parts of his skeleton here and there, but he won't be slip-
recognizing your roommate's distinctive tattoo, would pery anymore. 
you? Imagine the humiliation! With proper medical attention (i.e. : more hydrochloric 

In my opinion, the best way to get an A in a class is to acid), he should live for a little while longer. At this point, 
slee - er, study - with your gorgeous TA. Aflother good you must act quickly. Grab him and put him in your mon-
way is to befriend a physics major and periodically have key cage. .' 
him microscopically tattoo your notes onto the insides of I know what you're thinking: What will I do with the 

your eyelids with a laser. monkey? The answer here is simple: The monkey will 

:::::::~iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii attend your roommate's classes and impersonate him . He can go home over vacations and supply you with cheese. You will be free to torment your roommate by burn -ing him, poking him with a spork and drinking 
all his liquor while the monkey stands in for him. 

And the best part is: No one will ever know the dif-
ference. 

Monday, Apri l 1, 2000 The Disre-Guardian ARENA 05 

.. \IZLN ,\ , , 

Do you like donuts? 
Interviews by Coadt • Photography by Bucket 

No. 

Anonymous 
Editor in Chief 

No. 

Anonymous 
Managing Editor 

Yes. 

Anonymous 
Editor in Chief 

COME VISIT YOUR NEW 

In La Jolla Village at: 
8657 Villa La Jolla Dr. 

OPEN 24 HOURS 
We accept Pacific Care, Medi-CaI, California Blue 

Cross, PeS, PAID and Most Major Insurances. 
We now accept Health Net & Cigna Insurance. 

Now there's something new from the store that's first--Il's the ne,w Ralphs Phannacy. 
But it's more than just a Pharmacy, it's a place to get private consultations as weD as fill 
your prescription needs. We have extended hours for picking up your prescriptions when 
you need them. Now, Ralphs is 
tndy the one stop for aU your "---~~CWI ~----. 
shopping needs. New or Transferred 

Transfer Your Ph P .. , 
Prescription With ann~ rescnptlonS. 

To trans~~:p~~tion to $(~" MttIkA &-SeltctMo/""'''o.eesJ o~-o; 
our pharmacy, simply give us a ::: 
caU and we'D do the rest. Your 
satisfaction is our standard of se OFF ~o 
vice. Come in and meet our staff, ~g 
they would Uke to personaUy Wllh 0 

Coupon ----P invite you to come visit our 
pharmacy and become a part of 
the Ralphs. Family. 

Umlt One Item and One Coupon Per Cu tomer. 
Coupon FJJective Ibru June. 2000 0 
at RaJ hs 8657 Villa La Jolla Dr. 

Yes. Yes. I'm high on crack! 

Anonymous 
Design Editor 

Anonymous 
Graphics Editor 

Anonymous 
Features Editor 

The UCSD Career Services Center presents: 

SPRING 
JOB FAIR 

Fri., April 7 
1.0:30am - 2:30pm 

Library Walk 
(PC Ballroom & Rec Gym if it rains) 

• See who's coming @ career.ucsd.edu/csc/sjf.htm 
• Nearly 180 employers are coming! 

• Get your resumes ready! 
• Summer jobs, internships, career 

positions, part-time jobs. 
Co-sponsored by Philips Semiconductors 

I~!~ES CENTER 
(858) 534-4472 
career.ucsd.edu ., 



D6 SPLOOGE The Disre-Guardian 

The Berkeley Review Provides: 
13 Week or Review And Te ting or 
Important· MeAT Concept y,i I'll 11 1r1 / .... J 
100 Hours or Scheduled Lecture Topic 
In The Clas room++1"'1~0H~l, 

Exceptional Instructors For Each Of 
The Six Topic Areas Of The MCAT~'I1""'tN 
Excellent Review Materials That You 
Get To Keep And Take .. v ... ~ rt'-I1"-\oM1MY'-'rY'-'tl 
Application Assistance, Interview 
Workshops, And Mock Intervie 

1-800-622-882, 
www.berkeley-review.com 

Parcells: 
Big Tuna vows to lead 
team to greatness 
ContInued from ..... 36 
already signed a leuer of intent to 
transfer to UCSO. Vick was third in 
Heisman Trophy voting last year 
and should be the backbone of the 
UCSO program for three more 
years. 

"I really liked it at Virginia Tech 
but 1 couldn't resist the illegal 
money that Parcells was offering me 
to come to UCSO: Vick said. "Right 
now 1 am driving a broken-down 
Yugo because the NCAA doesn't 
allow college athletes to work, but 
with the money that Parcells is get-
ting me, 1 will be kicking around La 
Jolla in a shiny new Beamer: 

Asshole: 
Drinkins game provUles 
hours oJ viewing pleasure 
CofoltJnued from ..... 1 
street naked. My friend made this 
mistake and paid his price, only 
to fall face first (among other 
things) into the asphalt halfway 
across the street. He had a nice 
bruise for the next week. Rules 
about running naked down hall 
for the same offense are also com-
mon, and falling during these 

Monday, April 1, 2000 

There have also been reports 
that Peter Warrick, Florida State's 
star wide receiver last year. is con-
sidering making himself ineligible 
for the NFL draft. just to play with 
Parcells and the Tritons. 

. "1 would love to play for coach 
Parcells," Warrick said . " I know I 
could probably make more money 
off of Parcells' kickbacks then I 
could as a first round draft pick in 
the NFL: 

When asked about the fact that 
he is no longer eligible to play col-
lege football. Warrick simply 
shrugged his shoulders and said 
that Parcells would find some way 
around that rule. 

The UCSO schedule already 
features such powerhoueses as 
Florida State and Miami. Look for 
the Tritons to be on the field next 
fall. 

escapades can often leave horri-
ble rug burns. 

The incredible spread of 
A hole's popularity alone hows 
that it i deserving of being a part 
of the next Olympiad. It i also 
very viewer friendly. There is 
very little that is mor hysterical 
than watching drunken idiot 
perform tupid ta ks for no real 
benefit. If you are one of the thou-
sands that agree with me. nd 
your letter to the International 
Olympic ommittee and tell 
them that you want to ee 
A hole in the ummer of 2000. 

r-----»«-----------------, 

·1 
I 

Buy 1 Book 
Get 1 Free 

@ 
Groundwork 

Books 
Bring this coupon for your free book. 

One coupon per customer per day. 
Second book must be of equal or lesser value. 

L _____________________ ~~~~ 

Cheaper than Tuition ... 
more fun than Body Piercing 

London ......... $473 . New York .. ..... $254 
Paris ...... .. .... $529 Amsterdam .... $639 

All lares are roundtnp Ta, not ,ncluded Some restrICtIOns apply CST .1017SrosD 

Special Student Airfares * Beds on a Budget 
Travel Insurance * Eurail Passes 

Contiki * Student IDs 

(858)270-1750 
4471 MIssion Blvd., au"_ F 

liQTRAVELI 
WE'VE BEEN TlERE. 

WWV\/. stc::ltr'clVel. CUlT) 

~ondaY, April 1,2000 The Disre-Guardian CLASSIFIEDS 07 

EVE N T S 
UCSD's Crosa-C~al Center, Women's Center 
and LGBT A wil be hoeting a free speech and 
support rally for embat1led baaebaII pitcher John 
Rocker of the Allante Braves this :: idoy, ilpon, ~, 
the bad< roomotlnjun' Joe's Tavern, 3155 Navajo 
Road. Special oomeback appearance by I1e Bra1/88 
comical mascot, Chief Noc·a·Homa. (~1) 

CLASSIFIEDS 
Classified Line 

Ad Rates 
Students: SU3 per Inch' 

FlCuity l Sull: $2.43 per Inch' 

VOIC8 against angry caIIeIs. Leave a message lor 
Tass at 534-4000 belore fs dsconnected. Sorry, no 
reflfences available. (411) 

SERVICES 
The World: $2.13 per Inch' 

The Visre·Guardian reserves the rlghlto classify. edit. delete offensive words and oh. hell Prices 10(",," NlVe. Staff _tonce txtra. 
I'm having a partyf Ifs this friday night and Ir. 
going to be way big. Slop by 3315 Douglas Hall tor 
all the non·.top action you can handle. Come 
early. and aSk tor Margot, because I think the COP' 
might already know. WI) 

with thls ... Here·s something of real Interest: another In joke. We present the 
Df .... 'Ou.rdlan 8ull ..... OffIce Packing Order Ind Culpability Mete,. 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 

AL MARTIN 
BASEBAlL CAMP for PlAYERS 
Hiah school athletes! Now that 
youre a STAR, take advantage of 
the perks and be a player. Manage 

the complicated ropes of star athlete interpmonal 
relationsNps-airlfriends ~ 
(home/road). mistresses. 
hookers. even wives. -
Alimony, palimony. PIHlYP. 
paternity, child support and ~ 
other leall issues cOYered. 

Send check for $700.00 to 
Al liARTIM IAmAll CAIIP for PLAYERS 

PO 80119902. Las Veaas NV 00000 
E"81I.The Diare-Guardian regrets the following 
errors thet appeared in recent issues: The letter "f' 
wa. omitted in a reference to the Austrian writer 
"Kal(a' in a TH 2117 Op piece; The sports column 
on M lI16 inadvel1enWy hlghl91tea UCSD athletes; 
the words 'Caucasian' and 'my' we,. omitted 
from the Egg Donor ed on TU 2122; The photo 
caption on the 3/6 front page should read 
'Chancellor Dynes and friends,' not fiends. WI) 

EMPLOYMENT 
Wanled: temp agency seeks motivated. 
8I1thusia.tic students to scrub toilets. mop ftoors. 
8nl1 dig ditches 14 hours a day, 6 days a week. tor 
life. "you don't flink these are the jobs for you. 
keep in mild we'll II1II be hiring after you greduate 
with a VA. Psych or Comm degree. 
www.mMUlll..lbor.com HIOO·DrTCH·DIG (~1) 
MARKETING INTERNSHfPS: do you IiIe to bother 
people whie they're walking to class? We are 

FILM SPECIAL 

I.Pam ulan 3._ 

--

ALl Ad Reps Cuey 
vven. Ketle 
Joe Sky 

J_ Bolling 
-

Ad DesIgn 
M~. Oienta P_. 

C1lllnrs 
CenBtemt AlL Mike Mot! 

Ad Reps Dooignets 

looking tor chariamatic students to get other 
students to sign up for credit carda they don't need 
80 we can harass them and send them YOIunMII of 
junkmaiforl1ereeloll1eirlMla.GREATRESUME 
BOOSTERI CII! Tony todIy at 540-5941 (~1) 
Ate you ready lor "The Show?" Woody'. Rock 
Yard needs a PT (2-5 htslwk) STOP sign holder 10 
dNe!1 auto traffic whie we move roci<. in our 
wheeIlarrowa. Righty or Lafty OK. May tum inlo 
lui timeC81_. Apply online at rokyardOaol.com 
or send a card or roci< to PO Box 1 n 4. La Jolla, 
CA 92037. Serious only. pIea .. 1 (~1) 
I need some hard working mo-fol who want to put 
Jamba Juice out of business. Lar. mix up some 
fruh on UbraryWalk, and make some money; we'll 
worry about parmits later. Must have blender and 
share vision. email Vinnie at juiceman 0 uced.edu. 
(4/1) 
You like tennis. golf, besketball. aoftbaI, voHeybal. 
soccer. ropes, se" defense, gymnastics, aerobics. 
Cheerteading, swimming, saling. waterSkiing. 
piano. drawing. painting. ceramic . ... Ad 
dilContlnued.InIllfllcIlnt~. (~1) 

ROOMMATES 
Don't want a roommate? Ifs gonna cost extra. but 
I know people who know people. Call Pat at 
ReslHa. After hour. of course. (~1) 
Ate you tired of living off campus? Want to mova 
beck on? 00 you realize that there are emply nerd· 
boxes, laundry rooms. trash do .. ts and t~s 
waiting to hold up to lour or five people for Spring 
Quarter?I? Stop by ResUfe after hours. and we'" 
... What we can do. ASk tor Pat. (~1) 

FOR RENT 
Condo in heaven. 2 brlba, walk·in closet. 

MON. 
April 3 

Sunshine Store .. .. ...... . ................ P.6 

FREE DINNER ENTREE 
Sammy's Woodfired Pizza .. .. .. .. .. P.23 

$10 OFF PRESCRIPTIONS 
Ralph's Pharmacy .... .... ........ . .. .. P.D5 

o 
o 
o 

" 
• 

• Two Summer Sessions 
• French Immersion Program 

• Desktop Publishing and 
Web Design Programs 

• Cultural Excursions 
The American 
Unive rsity of Paris 
6 rue du Colonel Combes 
75007 Paris, France 

Tel. (33/1) 40 62 07 20 
Fax (33/1) 47 05 34 32 

N ew York office: 
Tel. (212) 983·1414 

\\ I h ..... lt 11ft I' \\ \\ \\ IIII' t tit I 
J II .. II I "I I 1111111 I ( • III j1 t ~ III 

:Copies pc" Mac = : 
I nme Rental Photos I :3(8~: lQ~ $6~ok~~ ~: 

All offers exp 5/3/00 811>Kll I 

___ I 

4.V_ IS.Jae ' .ClwlIII ... 7.ca- ' .Katle ' .!II!v _cIonee 
Jae Christina NA Katie NA V_e ,.:C.....,...to Christina Katie lOr. Dt""Ou. rcNen. 
au •. Off 1 Bus. Off 2 Typist Oauified 11500 Oll .... n Drl .. Layout Calendar 

_ 11. La JoI .. , CA Design DesIgn Design 
120113. 

Joe Christina NA KatielSl<y NA Christina ActuoiIOCOllon: Talk to 
Christina "The Box" 

pool. cloud. Avail. for eternity. Agree wi See Jinksy 0 the dumpsler behind Bonner Hall. 
Michael. (411) WI) 
Room. sink, tub, toilet. toilet brulh , mirror. 
wastebaSket, smaI window, constant inlerruptions, 
La Jolla, S3OOOImo. Cal Gert, ~. (~1) 

SIGN HERE. 

GUUDiM CWSlFIEDS 
Don't waste your money paying renH Don~ buy a 
condo or house either! Jusl find some old people 
and move into their besemenH They won~ even 
notice, because they're old. and old people are 

~Iy blind and deafl There are tons of old 
people in La Jolla and not enough hoUIIIS for 
.tudents. This Is the aoIutIon you've been looking 
for. Need more Information? Email 
Ca .. yObasementANlty.com. We've been taking 
advantage of old people for years· why not let us 
help you to help your18lf'l WI) 

FOR SALE 
Micel i ordered a dozen of these, and they turned 
out to be computer parts. $50 takes the whole box. 

~~-----------------Complete Evans drum kit with Zldjian cymbals. 
ExceIent condo $100. Plea .. come lake away. 
CII! Pam at the DisnI-Guardian business office. 
(411) 
I want to sell al of my boyfriend's biology books 
He has no time for me, and thars about to stop. 
Price Is no issue. Cal Kate for seleclion at 457· 
n49. hang up H you get a male's voice. (411) 
One a/ighly used liver ... $10.000 060. Need to 
replace as fall a. possible. Also saling a pair of 
used lungs· they're completely black. but you can 
stil get some mileage out of them. $6,000 OBO. 
Inquire at Oisre-Guardian bu.iness office. (~1) 

~ ANT E D 
Vimameae-Jewish gey midgets reimbursed for 
in1erview. " you meet crheria. subjects paid to 
participate in our eyebIink study. eaM 555-1880, 
all< for Moe or Curtey. (~1) 
FOUfth year VA atudentabout to graduate seek. 
mul1inillion-OOIar studio deal 10 work part·1ime 
malting mOVieS wlo the promise of ma,or selling 
potential. Location in San Diego, a muSl Offers 
can be taxed to the pulse at 534-7691 . att8l1tion. 
Kinvny. no calis please (411) 
Please help, God bless you. etc. Please bring 
cash to the genaeman with the cardbQard sign 
(traffic light at Villa La JoIlaIla Jolla Vilage) or go 
to www.pt.obeggar.com. Vise 01<. WI) 
Mlddle·aged woman saeking new career, 
understands thel tines are changing. Would like 
to stay on campus 10 as not 10 Ioee retirement. 
looking for sometIwlg MW and among. ~ 
COf11lU1ers; would rather not WOtk WIth students. 
MMy years d phone experience and rreIong people 
hold while processong ~. c., keep consIStent 

Cheap hght beer. cogs 
Garth Brooks CDs 
NASCAR opparel 
Guns. Ammo 
Otsconllnued auto 
Complete fostlngs 
KoMan locatIOns 
Southern lOYIn'· online 
doting connecbon 

. MUCH MOREl 

Ladies. all the Ladies. Help .... help you. LooII. 
you've got the eggs and I'va got the know how and 
the contacts to make things happen. Slop by and 
see Dave, 4 th Itoor of TIOga d you want to make 
people dreams come true . (~I) 
FaKed a etass? We can help. $100gets you an 'A' 
in any etass you want. or else we'l make sure your 
pt'ofeSSOf has a Irttle 'accident.' ProfeSSOfs are 
reasonable people; sometimes you just have to go 
a htlle further to make them understand your point 
of view. Call now to get our Kneecap Special · for 
$75. grade cliange 01 no. your professor wit never 
walk againI983·9880 aSk for Lenny (~1) 

LOST & FOUND 
H anyone fInds my motivatIOn lor ttchooI I would 
greatly apprecaate h. ~ was IISI _ around FaN 
0u1l1er at a party oft GOV8flIO( WIth my sell·respect. 
but thar. another ISSUe For now rt's thl$, and my 
parents are offenng a handsome reward lor Its 
retum. page Heather at 638-9542 (411) 

PERSONALS 
That's the aecond tme you've used lite lame 'f in 
Kalka' gag. ·Kaka"·Har-de-har har. PS·I believe I 
ordered fries with this meal. Love, Franz. (411) 
Megan, for the last tine, get all of your shh out of 
my apartment before I caN the CSO agarn. We are 
brok8l1 uP. we broke up last year; I'm daltng your 
roommate Sarah remember? -Rob (411) 
Shout out to Sigma Kappa. you guys rook I just 
want to wish you a happy monday, happy week, 
btrthday, quarter, year, I~e and exchange (~1 ) 

"My score 
increased 
14 points ••• 

.•. on the LSAT and now I'm going to my 
1st choice law schoon I recommend Kaplan 

to anyone who wants a high score.;' 
- Rafael Castellanos 

University of Chicago Law School '02 

Class starts April 8. Call to enroll! 

~ 
"t •• tp ... r ~ 

1-800-KAP-TEST 
kaptest.com AOL keyword: kaplan 

'LSAT i. the registered Irademar1< of the Law School Admissions Council. 
, " Performance comparison ~ Kaplan's diagnoatlc (8 real LSAn and In actual LSAT exam. 

Raflel s score should not be taken IS an Indication of what the a_age student or atudents In general can expect to achieve. 

-

-

~ mM"hi,."";;,,-G,..-il"it'.W, ~ 
13251 HolidayCt.· nexttoDomino's6tl52-99~91 Kaplan gets you in, -
------------------------



08 SPLOOGE 

. , ... " ".,.. .... , tIItI 
~ ...... Mto 
1uJe .. ~ .. _~ 

WItM'~_"1111 
tile ".", , -' t:MMa!-

-RljIlewl. 

attie Ie 
With Bill 
Bill Burger 

~ I Asshole Should be 
an Olympic Sport 

With the Olympics right 
around the corner, I think it is 
time for the International 
Olympic Committee to give con-
sideration to a sport whose time 
has come: the drinking game 
Asshole. 

If it were up to me, Asshole 
would have been an Olympic 
event a long time ago. There is 
nothing that this sport doesn't 
have. It offers the drama of a last 
second buzzer-beater combined 
with the excitement of a kickoff 
return for a touchdown. 

For those who have not yet 
been introduced to the game of 
Asshole (those of you who have 
been hiding in caves your entire 
college careers) I will give you 
the executive overview. 

All the cards are passed out 
and the person with the three of 
clubs starts. The next player 
must beat the three and the play-
er after that must beat the card 
that was previously played. If 
you cannot beat what was put 
down in front of you, you must 
pass and drink. If a card goes all 
the way around the table, the 
stack of cards is cleared and the 
person who played the last card 
leads the next card (or pair or 
three of a kind, depending on 
their preference). A two automat-
ically wipes the stack and is the 
most powerful card in the game. 
The fir t person to play all of his 
or her cards is president, the sec-
ond is vice-president and so on 
all the way down to the last per-
son being the asshole. Because 
everybody above you in rank can 
make you drink in subsequent 
rounds, being the asshole is not 
an Ideal position. 

ow many of you might be 
thinking, "This sounds like a fun 
game, but why should it be con-
sidered for the Olympics?" Good 
question. 

Asshole athletes must have 
~.nazing endurance and an 
incredible ability to absorb pain. 

The endurance comes from 
two areas. First of all, the game 
usually lasts a great while. Any 
normal human being would be 

• j ')n the floor after one or two 
rounds, but world class Asshole 
athletes can go on for hours, if 
not days, while still maintaining 
some degree of cognition in their 
inebria ted state. 

The second need for 
endurance comes from a presi-
dential decree called a waterfall . 
Whenever the preSident so 
chooses, he or she can start a 
waterfall and begin drinking. 
The vice president can not stop 
until the president does, the sec-

• retary cannot stop until the vice 
president does and so on. The 
asshole cannot stop until every-
one else is done. Without incred-
ible endurance, the asshole could 
be out of breath and dead before 
the game is even 10 minutes old . 

Pain comes from all sorts of 
- ·unforeseen areas. Obviously 

drinking for three minutes 
straight can be extraordinarily 
painful, but there is also pain in 
unexpected places. Once, when 
we made up a rule that nobody 

, lOuld use first names, the pun-
ishment was running across ~e 

See ASSHOLI, Page 06 

The Oisre-Guardian ~onda~April 1,2000 

PLOOGE 
UCSD to Hire Bill Parcells 
Superbowl winning coach to head UCSD's upstart football team in inaugural 2000-2001 season 

Iy IILL BURGER 
Sports Editor 

For those of you who have complained 
about UCSD's lack of an CAA football team, 
your time has come. On April 1, the UCSD 
ath letks department secured funding for the 
upstart program and signed former ew York 
Giants, ew England Patriots and ew York 
Jets head coach Bill Parcells to head the team. 

"I am really looking forward to the opportu-
nity to work at the college level,· Parcells said. 
"This is a great chance to put my system to 
work in a new program with some kids who 
haven 't been tainted by any other coach's 
ideas." 

Parcells won two Superbowls with the 
Giants and also took the Patriots to the 
Superbowl and the Jets to the FC 
Championship game where they lost to the 
Atlanta Falcons. He is generally considered the 
greatest football mind of our time and should 
give the Tritons the best chance to get compet-
itive quickly. 

"I plan on having this team in Division I by 
2001, in the PAC 10 by 2002 and in the Rose 
Bowl by 2003," Parcells said. " It doesn 't really 
matter what kind of talent I get. I am so good 
that we will be at the top in no time, no matter 
what kids come through the system: 

Because of Parcells' presence, the outlook 
for the UCSD 'football program is garnering 
attention from all around San Diego and the 
country. There have already been numerous 
offers from corporations to build the Tritons a 
new stadium adjacent to RlMAC Arena. Thes 
offers are highlighted by a $12.5 million offer 
by Tricon Global Restaurant Corporallon, par-
ent company of Taco Bell, Kentucky Fried 
Chicken and Pizza Hut. 

UWe feel that this would be a good invest-
ment for Tricon because this upstart program 
has great upside,' said John Demure, chief 
executive officer of Tricon. "We whole-hearted-
Iy endorse what Parcells is doing in La Jolla. We 
also hope to secure a contract With UCSD to 
sell Tricon products at the new Theon Stadium, 
which should be operational in two years." 

David PilZ/ GUMdian 
GrowU: Parcells may have a big mouth and a bigger gut but he is also our generation's version of VilUe 
Lombardi. With his help, the UCSO football team should thrive well into tlie third millennium. 

Parcells is already hard at work recruiting 
players for the new Triton squad. Promises of 
year-round sun, gorgeous beaches and large, 
under-the-table stipends have already began to 
lure some of the top college players away from 
their current teams. Fresh man sensation 
Michael Vick from Virginia Tech University has 

See PARCELU, Page 06 

UCSD Staring Team Scores Two Amazing Upsets 
After taking out San Diego State, the Tritons win by forfeit in the second round of the NCAA's 
By IIU BURGER 
Sports Editor 

It has been a long year for the 
UCSD staring team. All season 
long the Tritons have been blink-
ing before their opponents and 
racking up the losses. This week-
end, however, was different. 

Heading into the NCAA 
National Championship 
Tournament, UCSD was ranked 
48th out of 50 teams in the coun-
try and was facing mighty SDSU, 
a team with an ability to stare 
mindlessly all day long (they have 
had a lot of practice in classes) . 

In one of the biggest upsets of 
the season, UCSD defeated SDSU 
in the first round of play by a score 
of 12 hours 48 minutes to 12 
hours 32 minutes. 

"I couldn't believe what I was 
seeing," Head Coach Dan 
Struovich said. " Our guys just 
kept on going. I kept expecting 
them to blink but they didn 't. This 
is the biggest win for this program 
in a long time." 

UCSD's improvement came 

from an unlikely source, freshman 
sensation Michael Dolstor. 

uMichael has been improving 
all season: Struovich said. uWhen 
he came in this fall he was too fid-
gety and couldn't concentrate for 
very long. Now he is a regular star-
ing machine." 

When asked about his newly 
found staring ability, Dolstor gave 
credit to the UCSD mathematics 
department. 

"When I was in Math 20A, [ 
would always fall asleep 15 min-
utes into class," Dolstor said. 
"Because I snore so loudly, I real-
ized I had to do something about 
this problem. I found a way to go 
into a trance and basically be 
asleep while my eyes are still open 
and I look like I am focusing. This 
technique has worked well in 
Math 20B and C and also has real-
ly improved my performance for 
the staring te~m . I guess calculus 
does have real world applica-
tions." 

In the second round of the 
tournament, UCSD put up 
another strong performance, this 

time against Florida State, again 
spearheaded by Dolstor. The 
Tritons had played the Seminoles 
earlier in the season and been 
defeated easily by the juggernaut 
from Tallahassee. This time, 
UCSD had originally lost the 
match, as all the Triton competi-
tors had blinked before any of the 
Seminoles had even squinted. 

Struovich fe lt that it was highly 
unlikely that any team would be 
able to perform as well as the 
Seminoles apparently had, so he 
filed a complaint with the NCAA 
and a full-fledged investigation 
began . 

As it turns out, all the 
Seminole players had their eyes 
removed before the competition 
and had replaced them with glass 
eyes. This kind of practice is 
obviously illegal, and the 
Seminoles were disqualified from 
the tournament. 

UWe just wanted to be the best 
staring team that' we could be," 
said John Schmickel, Florida State 
competitor. "Now look at us, we 
are out of the tournament and we 

will probably be put on athletic 
probation for the next two years. 
Oh yeah, and we are permanently 
·blind. That sucks too." 

UCSD was awarded the victo-
ry by forfeit and will now 
advance to the third round of the 
tournament, where it will face 
the winner of Georgia Tech and 
Chico State. Although getting 
this far was ce tainly beyond the 

, wildest drea ms of the Tritons at 
. the beginning of the tourna-

ment, they are now thirsty for 
more. 

"I think that every little boy 
dreams about being in the final 
four of the staring NCAA 
National Championships: 
Struovich said. "My kids are no 
exception. We are trying to stay 
focused at the task at hand, but it 
is hard to keep that dream out of 
our minds." 

The Tritons will be in action 
tomorrow afternoon in 
Indianapolis. The match will . be 
covered by ESPN and should 
begin promptly at 3 p.m. Good 
luck UCSDI 


