
Ellin's Fate Stili Roiling 
\--...." ~~=--t A timeless killer is brought to light Does keeping Gonztllez 

viol~e his father's rights, or 
is returning him immoral? 

With two wins this weekend, 
the women's basketball team 
is now 144 

in examining the dangerous effects 
of this ever-popular college ritual 

Circulation 
U,OOO 

UC SAN DIEGO 

"'A',emMIIiI'Aq. .. 
............... dentF ... 
c ......... Accuutloll. 
wItII Deft __ 

JERUSALEM - Striking a 
note of somber defiance, 
President Ezer Weizman of Israel 
on Sunday night refused either to 
resign or to step down temporar-
ily while police pursue a criminal 
investigation of his receipt of 
hundreds of thousands of dollars 
from a French businessman and 
political supporter. 

In a brief nalionallr televised 
address from his officia residence, 
Weizman proclaimed that he 
Hcommitted no crime, committed 
no sin, and took nothing illegally." 

Pressure on W~izman to quit 

See ISIIAIL, page 7 

u.s. to .. on DefeMIve 
.. , ........... Iy 
....... Pro ..... 

Nearly a year after the United 
States blocked a proposed global 
treaty to regulate trade in genetical-
ly modified products, delegates 
from more than 130 nations will 
resume negotiations Monday in 
Montreal in search of a break-
through. After months of interna-
tional protest and concern about 
bioengineered food, Washington 
will be even more on the defensive. 

Negotiations in Cartagena, 
Colombia, collapsed last 
February when the United States 
and five other big grain-export-
ing nations rejected a proposal 
supported by the other countries 

See NOD, Pille 7 

SAN FRANCISCO - The UC 
Board of Regents is working to 
open UC Meiced one year earlier 
than originaUy expected. 

Featur •• , ..... Opinlon, ..... 4 Sports, page 16 

E u c 5 

www.ucsdguardian.org 

Movement 2000 

0- PIIz/Guaral«l 
.... A OJ scratches at Movement 2000. a festival put on by the A.S. and the OJ and Vinylphlles 
club Saturday at the PrIce Center. The UCSO Police said over 5.000 people attended the event. 

UCAB, Voz Reach Compromise 
CONTROVERSY: Publication allowed back into its old office space 
By MATT SCHRADER 
Staff Writer 

After months of controversy 
and debate, the University 
Centers Advisory Board Space 
Committee and the Voz 
Fronttriza, a Chicano student 
publication, have finally reached 
a resolution over the loss of the 
'Vo7!s office in the Student Center 
at the beginning of this year. 

The resolution, which was 
written last quarter after the VOl 
met with UCAB, states that the 
VOl will be allowed back into its 
old office space, although it 
must share the office witli the 
Association for Computing 
Machinery until the end of the 
school year. At this point. the 
certainty of the VOl getting a sin-

g1e office again is unknown. from another group." 
"More and more people are Regardless of the situation, 

applying so we can't guarantee the Voz feels entitled to another 
anything," said UCAB Space office after all the years it has 
Allocation Chair Nima Vahdat. been on campus. 
"Last year there were over 300 "They better give us another 
organizations, 40 office applica- office to ourselves," Voz Co-edi-
tions and only 15 to 20 offices." tor Benjamin Prado said. "They 

The likelihood that the Voz said they would take into con-
will get a private office appears sideration the number of years 
slim due to the lack of offices that we have been here, and I 
ror these organizations. ~ don't know of any paper that 

"Most offices have 3 or 4 has been here for 25 years." 
[organizations) in them," The Voz has been in its cur-
Vahdat continued. "Only one or rent office by itself for the last 
two have their own office." 10 years. . 

Vahdat said that whatever In the meantime, members 
the final outcome, someone of the Voz are angered over the 
would be upset. events of the last five months. 

"No one can be made happy ' "We feel our organization 
in this situation," Vahdat said. 
"We can't just take an office See voz, Page 2 

Briefly .. ·· .. ···· .. · ...... · .. · ...... z 
Lights & Sirens ... ....... ,.... 
Letters to the Editor ....... I 
Editor's Soapbox .... .. ,... 10 
CrlJssword Puzzle .... . ,..." 

Monday 
Janu.y 24, 2000 

VOLUME 99. ISSUE 5 

Deadline 
Nears for 
Speaker · 
CEREMONY: Cosby 
not available, offer still 
out to Maya Angelou 
By MATT SCHRADER 
Staff Writer 

Vice Chancellor Jim Langley 
has given the A. S. Council until 
noon Monday to find a gradua-
tion speaker for this year 's all-
campus commencement to 
ensure the event will take place, 
according to A.S President Tesh 
Khullar. 

The A.S. Council is waiting for 
a response from Maya Angelou 
today . 

"Realistically [the possibility 
of an all-campus commencement) 
is probably over if Maya 
declines," Khullar said . 
" However, I will still be advocat-
ing it no matter what." 

According to Khullar, an all-
campus commencement will only 
be held if the A.S. Council can 
find a prominent speaker such as 
Angelou or Bill Cosby, who 
turned down the offer last week. 
However, signing a celebrity of 
this caliber has been a source of 
frustration for the council 

"It has been grueling because 
we can't make more than one 
offer at a time," Khullar said. 
"Because these people are celebri-
ties, their agents give us the run-
around and never give us any 
final answers." 

The A.S. Council has been 
searching for a speaker since the 
beginning of the first quarter but 
has been unable to sign anyone 
because Cosby, the A.S. Council's 
first choice, only refused the 
school's offer last week. 

"This has been the most frus-
trating thing I have done as pres-

ide~t," said Khullar. "Sixteen 

See SPIAIlIII, Page 3 
The regents diScuseed the lat-

est progress and development of 
the campus, scheduled to be built 
in the San Joaquin Valley, at their 
board meeting at (]C San 
Francisco's yesterday. 

UC Merced was originally 
scheduled to open its doors in 
2005, but a sense of urgency to 
serve deserving students with a 
UC campus spurred regents to 
consider moving up the target 
date to 2004. 

Bradley's Campaign Chooses National Convention Delegates 

- Daily ClIlifornilln 

"Sixteen thousand 
students want something 
muJ as A.S. president, I 
can't do anything about it. 
It is out of my control. " 

-'-II ..... 
A;S. PresIdent 

See story at "'" 

POUIICI: Six people and one alternate selected Sunday in the Price Center to participate in convention 
. 

By LAUREN COARTNEY 
Stsff Writer 

DeleKate hopefuls, supporters 
and volunteers turned out on 
Sunday in the Price Center 
Theater for the 49th District 
Democratic Party Caucus for pres-
idential candidate BiU BradleY. 

Twenty-five out of the 41 pe0-
ple who registered for the caucus 
Showed up to give one-minute 
speeches hoping to be chosen as 
delegates to accompany the 
Bradley campaign to the 
Democratic national convention 
in August. 1'here are 1,313 pe0-
ple registered throughout the 

state to run for the delegacy in 
California's 52 districts. The can-
didates range from teachers to 
lawyers to college students; the 
only requirement is that poten-
tial delegates must be registered 
Democrats in their district. 

The chosen delegates will 
pledge to vote for Bradley in the 
first ballot of the Democratic 
National Convention. However, 
if the race is close, they may be 
asked to vote for either 
Democratic candidate. In that 
event, the delegates wiD act as 
the decidina factor between AI 
Gore and BiD Bradley. 

Bradley's campaign has gar-

nered support from such unlikely 
sources as the young, the politi-
cally uninvolved ' and, in some 
cases. the formerly Republican. 

"Most of the delegates we 
have are not professionals," said 
Jeff Ward, a caucus organizer. 
They're people who have never 
done this before at all. Some of 
them weren't necessarily 
Democrats to begin with; we 
have a lot of people who are reg-
istering as Democrats just so they 
can vote for Bill Bradley. We hope 
it's a sign ~f his popularity." 

Many candidates expressed 
delight at the strong beliefs 
Bradley maintains on issues such 

as race relations, gun control and 
campaign reform. 

Lynn Burley, a candidate run-
ning for delegate, said this is her 
first time participating in a cam-
paign. 

''I'm here because it is a really 
exciting time to be involved in 
the presidential race and I really 
do admire Bill Bradley. I've 
never done anything like this 
before, but it's just a real grass 
roots campaign, and I've really 
enjoyed it," Burley said. 

Three women, three men and 
one male alternate were chosen 
to be delegates from the 49th dis-
trict during the caucus. 



2 NEWS 

VOZ: 
Vadhat says contract 
was not submitted 
ContInued from ...,. 1 

never saw any warnings about its 
possible eviction from its office, 
because all the signs on the build-
ing blew away before they had a 
chance to see them. 

was disrespected," Prado said. 
" We have to get the office we 
need and we should get the office 
we deserve. The Voz feels the best 
solution has to be that [UCAB] 
restore the office space we had ." 

" We never received any phone 
calls or letters about what was 
happening," he said. 

According to Vahdat, the Voz's 
complaints are valid, and the situ-
ation is difficult, but nothing 
more can be done at this time. 

Late last quarter, UCAB met 
with the Voz to discuss a possible 
resolution that would grant them 
at least interim office space. 
While at this meeting, over 50 
members of Voz and people from 
outside the community came 
showing their support and alle-
giance to the organization. 

No problems were reconciled 
during the meeting. 

" I would be angry too if I lost 
my office," he said. "The situation 
is unfortunate." 

At the beginning of the first 
quarter, the Voz arrived in the 
Student Center and found its 
belongings had been taken out of 
its office and placed into the 
media lounge that is connected to 
the Voz's office. The Voz could not 
reach its office as Matt Xavier, 
manager of the Student Center 
Office of Operations, had 
changed the lock on the door. 

"There was a lot of confronta-
tion at the first meeting," Prado 
said. "There was definitely a lot 
of yelling going on." 

The following week, a small 
sub-committee of UCAB repre-
sentatives met with the Voz and 
settled on the current resolution. 

According to Vahdat, the Voz 
never turned in i ts housing appli-
cation at the end of last year, and 
as a result, lost its office space. 

Since these meetings, UCAB 
has changed its procedures in 
dealing with an organization 
that is about to lose its office in 
an attempt to decrease contro-
versy. 

" We posted stuff on their win-
dows," he said. " But we didn't 
hear anything from them until 
October." 

" In the future we will call all 
the people who have offices now 
and are about to lose them," 
Vahdat said. "We will call and 
find out if they turned their appli-
cation in." 

Despite the claim, the Voz still 
maintains that the housing con-
tract was turned in and that 
members of the school misplaced 
it. 

"We showed [UCAB] proof of 
a copy," Prado said. "But they 
decided not to acknowledge i t." 

The Voz recognizes UCAB's 
efforts toward the change in its 
policies to ensure that similar 
problems regarding the eviction 
from an office do not occur again. 

"I am glad they are doing it 
now," Prado said. "I hope what 
happened to the Voz won't happen 
to anyone else." According to Prado, the Voz 

MAlIC co .... a JULIA IlUUA-MAOD 
Editors in Chief 

LEINA SHANIIAR 
Managing Editor 

ROBERT FULTON 
AssocIDte Sports Editor 

AUSOII NORRIS JESSICA ICIIII'PMANII 
Feotures Editor Copy Editor 

DNIFU SI'OSITO 
AssOCIate Copy Editor 

JOIII CROUSE 
Assot/Qle Feotures Editor 

VINCENT GRAGNANI 
News Editor 

WAlT DICKINSON 
Hiatus Edllor 

DAVID LEE IRENT DON 
Opinion Editor Associote Hiatus Editor 

WARD HAN USA HUFF 
Associate Opinion Editor Photo Editor 

BILL BURGER 
Sports Editor 

NICK RUNCO 
Graphia Editor 

IRIAN wnt.EJ IRIAN WIllNER 
Web Editor Assoclote Sports Editor 

RECRUITMENT ~NATOII 
_Co, 

EDfTOIIIAI. ~ 
Mott ~r. Lauren Coartney 

_1TIIfI'~ 
Theodore Ookko. Jeremy Gray, Tom 'v\.I. Dave Yen 1TIIfI' __ 

Shamon Casde. Beftrand Fan. Uly IIonnan. _ Weinisdo. HIMIh Gnlfith. 
M.IOIIIka Gqoily. AleJos aenr-,-. Bed> Amese. I..aufon Coar1ney. Man ScIYado<. Pan .. _ ..... 

SCott Oobrooki. J .... KIm. RebeCCa WOOO !'HOT_ 
Sn .... Mo&J>adam. J,II Dono" ... OlWod Poll. Leo Der Step"",,,,. Eric UIwIence. 

M_ Leurc. ""'" 81umsack 
I~ 

IInstlne Chan&. "",., rlMd. M,ml Hsueh. Maysha Muhamedl. ~ R_ts 

-
MariSsa Metnk:k. Nicole Alyeshmemi. Tiffany Chfn&. Andrew Quadri. Charlie Tran COI'"f_ 

Yoke Ilawl, .Jeffrey WhIte 
__ 

Sam Payne.Tlnalell. Il<adley Root 

~­Andrew Chantr. 
PAMELA FRuGt 

Busi1H!ss Manager 
MIKE MARnNEZ MAn ROBERTI 

Advertising Art Director Advertising Manager 
YVETTE ALCALA 

Assistant Business Manager 
ADVIIITIIING AlllSTANT Joseph Lee 

SAW ~TIVE Zor,na Marquel 
AOvtRn5lNG DIllON • LAYOUT SIIy Frosten,on. Katie Keenan. Casey Bo,tenhuys 

ClAIIIfllDI AIIIITANT Cnsllna Villeg.s 
ClIlCULATION AllllTANTS 

Jason Allen. Jacob Meyl)er&. Ca",e ElIOrsllne. Greg Emmannuel 
rile UCSD Guard,an Is pUblished Mondays and Thursdays <luling the academ'c year by and lor 
the stUdents 01 UCSO. Reproduct"'" 01 this newspallOr In 8I1Y form. whelher in whole or 'n 
part without perm,sslon I •• tnctty prohibited . 0 2000. all r'8/1ls IO$efYOd T10e UCSD Gulltdoan 
1$ not respon"b~ for tne retum of unsollctted manuscripts 01 art. The Yiews expreSSed herein 
do ... , necessanly represent the ..... 0IlS cI rhe UCSD CiuMclian. the UnNerslly 01 Celofom,. or 
the AsSOCIated Students . The UCSO GtJard,an IS funded solely by advertiq. 
Fnt read at 1 p.m.? Cone"II!A..",. S4lQr\S. Do we lOt money bock from tile ....... lor bore ea1y1 

News/Features: 534 5226, General Editorial: 534658l. 
Opinion/Sports: 534-6582. Hiatus: 534-6583 
Ad""rtislng Office: 534-3466. Fax: 534,7691 

lHTlall: ed,rorflucsd8U8ldfan.or, 
Guardian Online: http://www.ucsdlu8fdIBrl.or, 

UCSD Guardian, 9500 Gilman Drive 0316, 
La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 

Actual location: Second Aoor. UCSD Student Center Building ·A·. Rm. 217 

. 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, January 24, 2000 

ETCETERA ••• 
(i) tCIQo LI F£. IN JJY MArt 
HE~~ ~~ 

YOUR WORKING-DAY EMOTION CHECKLIST 
}~ )~')$ ~~ 10:04 11M 10:11 "'" )~ )~ ~ )'ItJ,-m: ~P\IU o CA~~-"oI£. O~ ......... o $OI.mW& ~~ OCA~~ 0=== 0 ... .-: ~ .-;r·o-IW>\A ~ .. \UjW ..... ·1 "tt~ 0/d.GQ$£ toNMlo!U, 
10: i. AI"\ u:cn """ ;! I\:U~ \1 :lS M\ \t : C;., ""'" 1"1:011 P"I 1"1:~ ~ ... )~ )~ )~ )~ )~ )i:, )l. CIWtn4J, OS~""t" ~6EbI6 'flQ.Uun~ O~., 0-_ ..... OJcI'Jws ~1I:f"~I_ ~ 1IaIt'~'" ~loIU$ 1'0 woa.lC. -.,"ftI.~" ~WI\ -........... \.uICI\1I(IlII6 

..... ~". I"l.:~] '"" 
')i \"l: 't1 ~ )~ I: 141 f'N\ I:U "'" )~ )1 1 )i. ~ )~ ~ • • o 811.c.tt, .. ~ Os"go~ o OF 6.~ IY.."""" .-. o S'\.IttlOle O~rJF. ~"nUIr·1IO .~ ~;"cmUS ~""T .... IWKA ... ~ ~.l. M~ CII/f-" )1 1:30'"" ~ )~ l.:~s''''' )~ ] :0" "'" j~ Ii )~ \ J ~ l~& J®3> . ~ ~~ oJ ... oe.~ .. _ 1~6 1iA.":. ""Gr 01.lM-·~ O"·~ ~ 0----' OI)&,KTo O"t ..,:,:t ~N'S ... .~ ~ .. tIM-" """nIUIL ~ O~ .or _T~_" 

1:"'") l1l"I )~ I ]]f q.:1"~ }ii l[ Iio:oo .... fi (3 p,au ~ ~ .,. )~! • • w- ~ ~'toal& ~:3 ~~" o t..at\Vt:j 0'-, ...... 0""'''''' TII(~ ,",--CoL $(rI1.."., "",FlU. f""""'SISS ~" TalkltlT """"ISS ..... ~ 
BRIEFLY ••• 

leL Hosts San Diego Mayoral Forum 
UCSO's Institute for Continued Learning will host a 

free San Diego mayoral candidate forum Monday from 
1 to 3 p.m. in building D, room 122 of the Extension 
Complex. 

City of San Diego mayoral candidates Jim Bell, Peter 
Q. Davis, Dick Murphy, Ron Roberts. George Stevens, 
Barbara Warden and Byron Wear will answer questionS 
and share their views on important issues facire San 
Diego residents, including infrastructure, transportation 
and the proposed ballpark. The moderator will be Daniel 
D. Dinan, ICL's current events coordinator. 

ICL is located in the UCSD Extension Complex at 
9600 North Torrey Pines Road, north of the Muir cam-
pus at the comer of Muir Drive. For more information, 
call 534·3409. 

UnIversity Launches UCTV, 
. Public Interest Pr .......... 

The University of California announced that it 
launched Its own public Interest television channel, 
UCTV, capable of reaching more than 3 million viewers 
on prime{ime television seven days a week through-
out North America. 

The channel is available on EchoStar's Dish 
Network satellite televiSion service. UCTV Is broad-
casted on channel 9412 and is available to viewers 
with a satellite dish antenna pointed at 119 de&rees 
west longitude. 

The charter of the program Is to use the resources 
of UC to inform, educate and enrich the lives of view-
ers throughout the nation. The channel win broadcast 
faculty lectures, interviews, research symposia, dis-
tinguished speakers and artistic performances 24 
hours a day, seven days a week. 

The UC channel schedules blocks of time both for 
thematic subjects like science, technology, health, 
arts , public affairs and. humanities and for individual 
campuses. 

Programs are broken into two four-hour blocks for 
an eight·hour total during East Coast prime time, 3 to 
11 p.m. On short term, a bulletin board with pertinent 
UC facts and information will fill the remaining time. 
The programs airing on UCTV will also be broadcasted 
live on the Internet at www.uct1Ionl/ne.org. 

Current programs include a discussion on global 
change by UC Irvine's Nobel laureate F. Sherwood 
Rowland, an ensemble concert from UC Riverside, a 
UCSD film historian's research on all-black westems, 
and a UCLA professor's study on sabertooth cats. 

UCTV will build on the success of a broadcast 
channel developed by UCSD seven years ago. Today, 
UCSD-TV (Channel 35) serves one million hpmes In 

San Diego and provides programming to other sta-
tions around the country, including stations In New 
York City, Seattle, Palo Alto and Washington, D.C. 

It is expected that UCTV, like UCSD-TV, will focus 
on UC activities, but will also develop programs 
through partnerships with community organizations. 
Currently, UCSD-TV partners with the San Diego City 
Club, The San Diego Union-Tribune, The Natural 
History Museum, The San Diego Opera, The Old Globe 
Theatre and many other organizations. UCTV will 
expand the model around the state. 

The UCTV channel enables EchoStar to meet Its 
obligation to set aside 4 percent of its airtime for pub-
lic interest education programming, under Federal 
Communications Commission rules based on the 
1992 Federal Cable Act. 

IntenNdIonaI Affairs Group 
Pre •• nts 'Bloody Seattle' 

"Bloody Seattle: Globalization and the Future,· a 
lecture put on by the Intematlonal AHairs Groups at 
UCSD, will be held Monday from 7 to 8:30 p.m. Guest 
speakers include San Diego activist Guy Berliner and 
Intemational Relations and Pacific Studies Professor 
Richard Feinberg. 

From Nov. 30 to Dec. 3, 1999, the World Trade 
Organization held a conference in Seattle. The event 
brought demonstrators from all over the world to 
protest the globalization of the economy. While some 
believe that the WTO's emphasis on free trade allows 
for economic growth In most countries, others believe 
this emphasis is biased against those countries that 
are not so malnstreamed. 

Guy Berliner is a UCSD alumnus who was an 
activist "fln local Sen Diego issues for many years, 
especially on controlling urban sprawl development, 
helping to lead the f.ght for Proposition B, the Rural 
Heritage and the' Watershed Initiative. He went to 
Seattle on his initiative, not as part of a group. He 
took part in demonstrations in Seattle planned as 
part of the Direct Action Network. 

Richard Feinberg Is an authority on U.S. foreign pol-
icy, multilateral institutions and summitry and an 
expert on trade, investment, economic modernization, 
democratization and ~overnmental or&anizatlons. 
He attended the conference and published articles 
about It in the Asla-Paclflc Media network and also 
writes for The san DIego Union-Tribune. 

This event is sponsored by the Project on 
International and Secwity Affairs. 

For more information, call 534-2261 or HTlall nsn-
dln~d.edu 

Monday, January 24, 2000 The UCSD Guardian 

LIGHTS IRENS 
Lights & Sirens is a selection of 

entries compiled from the log book 
of the UCSD Police Department. 
UCSD crime statistics can be 
attained by all persons from the 
Police Department or at 
http://www-vcba.ucsd.edll/police 

TuesUy, ..... , 18 
12:29 8.m.: An 18-year~ld 

female student attempted suicide 
by overdosing at Argo Hall. 
Transported to Thornton Hospital by 
paramedics. 

3:30 p.m.: A staff member 
reported the theft of a power wash-
er from the Price Center Storage 
Room. Loss: $200. 

FrIday,""'. 21 
12:50 8.m.: Officers arrested a 

20-year-old male student at Gilman 
Drive and Myers Drive for being 
drunk in public. Transported to 
Central Jail after being rejected from 
detox. Rejected from Central Jail 
and released to Thornton Hospital 

SPEAKER: 
Khullar frustrated 
over situation 
c-tII ..... "... ..... l 
thousand students want some-
thing ,and as A .S. president, I 
can't do anything about it. It is 
out of my contro[1I 

However, despite the frustra-
tion that the search has caused, 
Khullar would be satisfied with 
the process if Angelou accepted 

emergency room staff. 
10:00 p.m.: A student reported 

a battery on Library Walk at Gilman 
Drive. 

hturday, Jill. 22 
8:35 a.m.: Officers arrested a 
34-year~ld male non-affiliate for 
misdemeanor warrant for disburse-
ment of food without a health per· 
mit at Muir Lane. Cited and 
released. 

7:41 p.m.: OffICers detained a 
21·year~ld male non-affiliate for 
being drunk in public at the Price 
Center. Transported to detox. 

8:30 p.m.: A 21-year~ld male 
non-affiliate was ordered off cam-
pus for seven days for creating a 
disturbance at the Price Center. 

8:38 p.m.: Officers detained a 
19-year~ld male non-affiliate for 
being drunk in public at the Price 
Center. Transported to detox. 

9:22 p.m.: OffICers detained a 
24-year~1d male student for being 
drunk in public at the Price Center. 

the A.So's Council's offer due to 
the reputation she brings and the 
acknowledgement she receives. 

"I have talked to numerous 
people about having her as a 
guest speaker and I nave heard 
nothing but positive things about 
her," he said. " Both the student 
body and the school definitely 
felt she was acceptable." 

Angelou, with her two Ph.D.s, 
has a strong educational back-
ground and has proven the 
importance she places on acade-
mics. A .S. Programmer Scott 

Transported to detox. 
10:40 p.m.: A non-affiliate 

reported a burglary to a '90 Honda 
Accord in Lot 409. Loss: $200. 

11:30 p.m.: OffICers detained a 
2~ar~ld male non-affiliate at the 
Price Center fountain for being drunk 
in public. Transported to detox 

11:30 p.m.: Officers arrested a 
male noo-affiliate at the Price Center 
for being drunk in public. Booked in 
Central Detention Facility. 

11:35 p.m.: Officers detained a 
2().year~ld male student and a 19-
year~ld student at the Price Center 
for being drunk in public . 
Transported to detox. 

Sunday, Jan. 23 
12:45 a.m.: OffICers arrested a 
21·year~ld female non-affiliate at 
Gilman Drive and Myers Drive for dri-
ving under the influence of alcohol. 
Booked into Las Colinas Prison. 

Mantell and Khullar met with 
Langley on Friday and decided 
thai Angelou was a good com-
promise for the school and the 
students. 

Khullar said the student 
body would be happy w i th this 
selection due to the messages 
and experiences she would 
bring. 

"She has been through a lot 
personally," Khullar said. " Despite 
the discrimination she has faced, 
she has had the drive to not give 
up and to keep going forward." 

everyone hasatleast 
one great 
relationship 
discover yours 

A ....... 1Inries, bookIforeI 
A CktIdIII SdeDa R ..... RooBIL 

Cd 24-Im. (61,)D8-1736. 
VIIIt .... ~ www .............. ace.ol'l 

NEWS 3 

www.ucsdguardian.org 

mllRSHll ll man 011"' . ullnulIR'" 24TH 1 00 I'm OCEllnvlEw LOUnGE 
RE VELLE U.l Eo n ESOII"' . .JllnuIIR", 26TH 1 00 pm ConFEREncE Rooms 8&'C 
U.lIIRR E'1 TH URSOII"' . .JIlnUIIR'" 21TH 1 00 pm "'OSEmITE Room 

VISIT WITH ISA REPRESENTATIVE 

ARTURO ARTAZA 
AT THE 

PRICE CENTER 
JAN. 24·25 
9:00AM· 2:00PM 

INTERNATIONAL STUDIES 
ABROAD 

901 W. 24TH ST. - AUSTIN. TEXAS 78705 
1-800-580-8826 



4 OPINION The UCSD Guardian Monday. January 24. 2000 

ADRIFT IN THE G-ULF 

Keeping Elian in the United States would 
violat hi father' rights and immigration law 
By BRENT DON 
Opinion Editor 

There is a growing faction in the United 
States that would like to abide by Cuba's 
request to return the boy, if for no other 

Elian Gonzalez's case does not seem reason than to try to make the first step 
overly unu ual at first glance. He is just one toward healing the bad blood that typifies 
of the tens of thousands of immigrants who American and Cuban relations. Even after 
try to make it to the United tates every dismissing the rather heartless argument 
month with their families. However, the about using Elian as a tool of diplomacy, it 
international controversy that surrounded seems clear that the proponents of keeping 
his a rrival in thi country, and the question Elian in the United States are still relying 
of whether to nd him back to his home- primarily on long-standing, anti-Cuban 
land, Cuba, is certa inly not typical. dogma to support their case. 

A lot of people approached Eli<l n's case The United States accepts 3,000 
from a personal standpoi nt, arguing either refugees a year from all of Latin America 
to keep him in the ............. and the Caribbean, 
Uni ted tates or to send including Cuba. 
him back to Cuba, based r 0 Refugees are defined dif-
on his best Interest. rerently than ordinary 
Where are the personal immigrants by the I S: 
con iderations for the "Those [refugees) admit-
other 100,000 immigrant ted must be of special 
ca es that the United humanitarian concern 
Sta tes faces every year? and demonstrate that 
Wh hould Elian's wel- they were persecuted, or 
fare be of any greater have a well-founded fear 
igniftcance than all the of persecution on 

Cninese, Haitian or Latin American immi- account of race, religion, nationality, polit-
grants who are turned back to their native ica l opinion or membership in a particular 
countrie withou t regard to the quality of socia! group." 
bfe that awaits them there? Prior to 1980, the United States admit-

Like it or not, this case will be settled ted refugees from communist countries 
by politics. It would be nice if the al most unilaterally, but the Refugee Act of 
Immigration and aturalization Service 1980 changed the emphaSiS for determin-
could look at each ca e of immigration on ing refugee tatus from political ideology 
a personal basis and weigh the ramifica- to persecution. 
tion for their lives, but the sheer number Elian's case certainly does not seem to 
of case that the I S faces makes this make him eligible for refugee status, criti-
impractical. Elian IS a human being, and it ci ms of communist political persecution 
may seem callous to let his fa te be deter- aside, which means that he should be con-
mined by an Immigration policy, but this sidered a normal immigrant. Elian's 
already happens to hundreds of people young age means that he cannot legally 
every day who are un uccessful in their speak for himself, and the death of his 
attempt to immigrate to this country. mother left his father in Cuba as his only 

To say that the United States and Cuba surviving guardian. This is the exae! rea-
have a long history of poor relations would s~!I! ng tnat the I S used in reaching its 
be a gro s understatement. Every time an decision to order that he be returned to his 
international issue crop up, both parties father in Cuba, but opponents of the deci-
seem to take the opportunity to denounce sion still keep falling back on their criti-
the other's ideology and society and throw cisms of Cuban ideology and quality of 
around th u ual rhetoric vilifying "capi-
tali t pigs" and "communi t tyrant .n See CU8A, Page 6 

...... '0 .. 17 ... __ 
-

---

David Chatsuthlphan/Guardian 

, _ .. ,~. ;.:'fI.~ ... '.: ... 
.. ... .. " .: .. 

Returning Elian to Cuba would endanger his 
afety and deny his mother' dying wish 

By PARISA BAHARIAN 
Staff Writer 

On Thanksgiving Day, a little boy 
named EMn Gonzalez was found clinging 
to a life preserver drifting off the coast of 
Florida. This little boy had witnessed the 
drowning of his mother and ten other peo-
ple, yet he still clung to life. He was rescued 
after a few days and brought to American 
soil, the land of freedom, which his mother 
had risked - and lost - her life to reach. 

Now Elian's future lies in jeopardy. His 
future freedom, which his mother had 
intended for him, is 
about to be wrenched 

Castro answered with a taunting dare, 
"And how can that be proved false?" 

astro didn't deny that he was threaten-
ing Elian's father; instead he gloated at the 
prospect of never getting caught. 

Elian mu t not be sent back to Cuba, 
where his life would not just belong to his 
father, but to the Communist government 
that controls every aspect of his life. In 
Cuba, parental rights are different than 
those in the United States. Children are 
first the property of the state. This fact is 
Illustrated in Cuba's body of law, the Code 
of the Child, Law o. 16, dated June 28, 

1978: 

away by his father in 
Cuba under the direc-
tion of Fidel Ca tro. 
Elian' relatives from his 
father 's side of the fami-
ly in Miami have hied 
for permanent custody 
of the boy. But the U.S. 
Immigration and 

con 
"Article 3. The com-

munist formation of the 
young generation is a 
valued aspiration of the 
state, the family, the 
teachers, the political 
organizations and the 
mass organizations that 
act in order to foster in 

GlIARDIAN OP NION 

Naturalization Service has been arguing 
that Elian's father, Juan Gonzalez, is the 
only one that can speak for the child, since 
he is the closet living relative. Attorney 
General Janet Reno says Elian must return 
to Cuba. 

But who should speak for six-year-old 
Elian? Who will fight for his delivery to the 
land of the free, which was his mother's 
last act and will? Is he better off in Cuba 
with ·his father or in the United States with 
his relatives? 

Juan Gonzalez says he wants his son 
back to grow up in Cuba, but is he simply 
acting under duress by Castro? Is he doing 
what he is told in order to protect his 
three-month-old baby and new wife who 
are being held in protective custody by the 
Cuban government? 

In an interview that Fidel Castro grant-
ed to NBC News correspondent Andrea 
Mitchell, Mitchell asked, "You must be 
aware that certain people in the United 
States have stated the father has been 
under duress from the government and 
has not been allowed to speak, freely?" 

the youth the ideological 
values of communism. 

"Article 5. The society and the State 
watch to ascertain that all persons that 
come in contact with the child during his 
educational process constitute an example 
for the devefopment of his communist per-
sonality. 

"Article 8. Society and the State work 
for the efficient protection of youth 
against all influences contrary to their 
commupist formation. 

"Article 9. Educator have a high mis-
sion in the development of the communist 
personality. 

"Article 23. Upon completion of prima-
ry schooling you ng people may continue 
their education at pre-university centers, 
vocational schools or other specialized 
schools, on the basis of their academic 
achievement, political attitude and social 
conduct." 

Parental rights are defined as the right 
by the parent to act in the best interests of a 
minor and the right and obligation to feed, 

See ..... Page 6 

Monday. January 24, 2000 The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

Editor Should Not Abuse 
Powar of His Position 

Let All-Campus Commencement Die 
COMMENTARY: Three years of wasted money is enough for UCSD 

Editor: 
Hey, I think it's great that 

Marc Comer is an atheist. But I 
also think he's a horrible edi-
tor for allowing a piece that 
directly preaches a definite 
Ureligion' enter the Guardian 
("The Editor's Soapbox," Jan. 
18.) 

I am pretty sure that a letter 
advocating Christianity or 
Buddhism or Hinduism (or any 
-ism or -anity for that matter), 
while blatantly stating that all 
the others are wrong, and then 
semi-apologizing for that accus-
ing statement without any true 
conviction, would not be print-
ed in the Guardian. 

In fact, I'm pretty sure that 
they would never have gotten 
by his desk since they are views 
that he personally opposes, and 
he holds the position of Editor 
in Chief. I just think it's clever 
how advocating any religion in 
a public newspaper would be 
considered unconstitutional, 
while Uatheism" is an excep-
tion. 

I am quite sure that he is a 
capable editor and I, as well as 
many other regular readers, 
would appreciate it if he 
wouldn't use the editor's soap-
box to advocate and attempt to 
instill his personal views on 
religion. 

-Ryan Taylor 

Commentary Offers 
Superb Insight 
Editor: 

Marc Comer's commentary 

Letta,. t~ Editor 
The Guardian we/cooles letters /rom 
its relldtNs. All /etters must be no 
IofWer than 500 wonts. (n)ed. ckxJ. 
ble-spaced and siIfted. Letters must 
also contain a phone 1IIHIlber. We 
reserve the rlfht to edit for lenlth 
and clarity. Letters may be dropped 
off at the Guardian office on the .sec-
ond floor of the Old Student Center . 
Send all letters to: 

TIle Guardian 
Opinion Editor 

9500 Gilman Dr. 0316 
La Jolla. CA 92093-0316 

FlIJ(: (619) 534-7691 
e-mail: lettersf'ucsdluardian.orl 

on relationship; from the male 
perspective ('Step Up to the 
Plate," Jan. 20) is incredibly 
funny, not because of anything 
overtly humorous - although I 
almost fell out my chair nom 
the punny wit of "all the balls in 
her court" - but because of the 
whole concept's veracity. 

Women hate that men 
equate relationships with 
sports like baseball, but they 
share part of the blame. They 
seem to me like baseball own-
ers who decry rising salaries, 
but sti ll pay them to stay "com-
petitive. 

-T~d Berti~r 

. 

Sbadracb Theory 

Way back in 1997, UCSD's first 
all-campus commencement was 
held, not because of any general 
desire to have such a ceremony, 
but for the opportunity to have 
President Clinton as the speaker. 
While I couldn't care less about 
what our esteemed chief of state 
had to say, the administration felt 
that members of all five colleges 
should be able to hear it. 

The administration, always 
forward-thinking, also decided to 
have two more all-campus com-
mencements in 1998 and 1999 and 
then to decide whether or not to 
continue the tradition. Chancellor 
Dynes, however, seems to have 
forgotten that with the two-year 
mark having passed, he has the 
ability to discontinue the event. It 
is definitely in UCSD's best inter-
est to keep it only as a bad mem-
ory. 

In 1997, the ceremony was jus-
tified by the presence of a big-
name speaker. Now, with Dynes, 
the A.S. Council and a couple of 
committees fishing desperately 
for mediocre speakers, the cere-
mony must be evaluated on its 
own merits. In 1998 and 1999, 
without the shadow of the illus-
trious president, problems inher-
ent to the all-campus commence-
ment were clearly seen. 

Rather than serving as a 
superior a lternative for the indi-
vidua l college commencements, 

the all-campus ceremony proves 
an unworthy competitor. 
Graduates and their families 
were forced either to sit through 
two long ceremonies or to 
choose to attend only one of 
them. In the past, the adminis-
tration has further complicated 
the situation by scheduling the 
all-campus commencement on 
top of one or more college com-
mencements, forcing the college 
administrations to move their 
ceremonies, ultimately changing 
the travel plans for graduates' 
families. 

When a choice between the 
two is made, the individual col-
lege ceremonies usually win out. 
At the college graduations, s tu-
dents have the benefit of a small-
er setting that allows for individ-
ual recognition, whereas the 
focus of the all-campus ceremony 
is on the speaker. The focus of the 
college commencement is on the 
students. Is that not the way it's 
supposed to be? 

What many students do not 
realize is that like it or not, we are 
all payin~ ' for this event. 
Chancellor uynes does not have a 
big fund designated for the all-
campus commencement. Any 
money used to set up the chairs, 
hire people to clean up and pay 
speakers could, theoretically, be 
used for other purposes. 

The administration could put 
more money into parking, hous-
ing or general education, but is 
instead choosing to channel its 
resources into an ilI-attendM, rel-
atively new graduation ceremo-
ny. Yes, a small number of people 
complain when the possibility of 

canceling the event is mentioned, 
but it works both ways: I will 
complain, rather loudly, if next 
year I am still paying for an event 
that I will not attend. 

The only really viable, albeit 
idealistic, argument in favor of 
the all-campus commencement 
is that it promotes campus unity. 
Proponents point out tl)at most 
of us have friends from other col-
leges; we shouldn't be segregat-
ed for graduation. 
Unfortunately, if you carry this 
vision of unity too far, it elimi-
nates the five-college system 
entirely. If we shouldn't be sepa-
rated at commencement, why are 
we separated in dorms and acad-
emic regulations? 

Let's face it: We are members 
of five different colleges. UCSD 
is set up this way in order to 
allow for more personal atten-
tion. One dean's office can deal 
with a few thousand students, 
but the Chancellor 's office 
would have a hard time oversee-
ing all 20,000 of us. 

The university is built upon 
the separation of colleges, and 
this should carryover to gradua-
tion. If you managed to break out 
of your college's sphere and 
make friends in other colleges, 
that's great. You ' ll probably be 
able to find them after gradua-
tion, too. 

If your friendships cannot 
survive without spending one 
hour on the same field listening 
to the same boring speaker, they 
probably were not meant to be ... 
just like the all-campus com-
mencement. 

letter~ucSflgllardia" .org 

Party Hard,' Tta,el Safe 
CABO SAN LUCAS: 
$499 pip triple share 
5 nights hotel, round trip air 
from Los Angeles & transfers 
CANCUN; 

Participant List: 
www-csc.ucsd.edu/ csc/mcjf.ht~ 

$679 pip quad ahare • Career positions & internship opportunities 
COSTA RICA: 
$727 pip quad share 
7 nights hotel, roundtrip air 
from San Diego & private 
transfers from San Jose to 
Manuel Antonio 

7 nights hotel, roundtrip air 
from Los Angeles 
& transfers 

MEXICO packapes 
include exclUSive 

VIP PARTY PACKAGE. 
Ask you agent about 
early booking bonus. 

Some ,est,lclions apply. Subject to a.lilability. Taxes not Included 

Travel "~~MM~~~~ ___________ '-..... ~ 
THE STUDENT TRAVEL EXPERTS 

C~~<1p bvk~ls. Gr('dt ddViv(,. Niv~ pc,QPlc,. 
UCSD Price Center (858,452·0630 

e-m11II:Councllla,olla.counclltra"el.com www.counclltravel.com 

• Open to all undergraduates and graduate students 

.110 employers to attend-our LARGEST multicultural job fair EVER! 

R 

Tues., Jan. 25 
Library Walk 

1 0:30am-2:30pm 
(If it rains, Price Center Ballroom) 

CO -SPONSORED BY: 
Hewlett-Packard 
Cross Cultural Center 

:aullrES CENTER t'lational Society of Black Engineers 
Society of Hispanic Professional Engineers 

Society of Women Engineers 
Student Affirmative Action Committee 

WWW-csc.ucsd.edu 
(858) 534-3750 



6 OPINION 

Come by and see our newly remodeled office 
and celebrate with us Jan. 24 - 28thl 

Literature Bldg. Room 3255 (near WLH) 
Open House Wed. J anuary 26 

e Open to all students and staff 8am - 4pm 
e Free gift for the fir5t 25 vi5itore 

e View internehipe on new AlP databa6e 
e Join us for a Pizza lunch 12 - 2pm 

. Prize Drawin~6 at 12 and 41'm 
All week lope; 

e Complimentary food and beverage6 
Daily prize drawing5 at 12 & 

Questlone" 
Call AlP at 534-4355 

COMPANY BACKGROUND 

The UCSD Guardian 

Investment Essentials 
Find out how you can invest touy: 

MutuAl fonJs, stocIts, InISts, E-tmJe anJ 11U1W! 

limited Space 
make your reservation today! 

R.5. V:P to Tammy Traudt 822-3188, 
ttrautlt@ucsti. ~Ju by friday, hb. 4'" 

sponsored by: ~ & 
_ ... 

IClla 

JOB TITLE: ApPLICATION ENGINEER 
DESCRIPTION 

THIS POSITION IS fOCUSED ON INTRODUCING TO THE COMPLEX K:: OR 
ASICS DESIGN COMMUNITY THEIR NEW TECHNOlOGY· FORMAL 
VERIFICATION . THE APPLICATION ENGINEERING ROLE INVOLVES 
WORKING CLOSELY WITH CUSTOMERS, SALES, ENGINEERING AND 
MARKETING TO EVOLVE THEIR PRODUCTS. IN ADDITION, IT REQUIRES 
DIRECT INTERACTION WITH CUSTOMERS IN BOTH PRE AND POSTSALES 
ENVIRONMENTS 5UPI'ORTING TECHNICAL EVALUATIONS AND 
BENCHMARKS, OEMOS AND TECHNICAL PRESENTATIONS. THIS ROLE 
LEVERAGES YOUR IC OR ASIC DESIGN BACKGROUNO TO HELP CREATE 
A NEW GENERATION OF VERIFICATION TOOLS USING FORMAL 
TECHNIQUES AND GIVES YOU THE OPPORTUNITY TO IDENTIfY NEW 
PRODUCTS, APPLICATIONS,IMPROVEMENTS, AND BUSINESS 
OPl'ORTUNITIES FOR THIS TECHNOLOGY. SOME TRAVEL IS REQUIRED. 
POSITIONS OPEN IN BosTON, AUSTIN, DALLAS, COLORADO, 
PoRTLAND, LA, RTP, NJ, PHOENIX , MINNESOTA, SEATTLE, CHICAGO, 
AS WELL AS FREMONT, CA. 

QUALIFICATIONS 
BSEE OR EQUIVALENT (MSEE OR PHD PREFERRED) VLSI DESIGN , 
CIRCUIT DESIGN, OR LOGIC DESIGN EXPERIENCE AND COURSEWORK. 
STRONG PROBLEM SOLVING SKILLS. Gooo SPOKEN "NO WRITTEN 
ENGLISH SKI LLS. 

JOB TITLE: SOFTWARE ENGINEER 
DESCRIPTION 

DESIGN AND IMPLEMENT LEADING·EDGE DESIGN AND "NALYSIS TOOLS 
IN ONE OF THE FOLLOWING AREAS OF DATABASE, GRAPHIC USER 
INTERFACE, RTL ANALYSIS, SYNTHESIS, LOGIC OPTIMIZATION, 
VERILOG SIMULATION, FLOORPLAN, PLACEMENT AND ROUTING, 
DYNAMIC TlMINGlcIRCUIT SIMULATION, STATIC TIMING ANALYSIS. 
QUALIfiCATIONS 

THIS POSITION IS FULL-TIME BUT WILL ACCEPT RESUMES FOR SUMMER 
INTERN. 

GRADUATES WITH BSlMSlPHD IN ELECTRICALICOMPUTER 
ENGINEERING OR COMPUTER SCIENCE. STRONG PROGRAMMING SKILLS 
AND SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT EXPERIENCE. FLUENT IN C OR C++. 
LARGE SOfTWARE SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT AND EXPERIENCE. 
COURSEWORK, PROJECT OR RESEARCH EMPHASIS IN DATABASES, VLSI 
DESIGN AND ALGORITHMS, INTEGRATED CIRCUIT DESIGN, CAD ANIYOB 
COMPILERS IS PREFERRED. 

AVANT! CORPORATION DEVELOPS, MARKETS, AND SUPPORTS INTEGRATED CIRCUIT DESIGN AUTOMATION (lCDA> SOFTWARE FOR DEEP' SUBMICRON 
IC's SUCH AS MICROPROCESSORS, MICROCONTROLLERS, APPLICATION' SPECIFIC STANDARD PRODUCTS (ASSPs) AND COMPLEX ASICs. INTEGRATED 
CIRCUITS (lCS) ARE ESSENTIAL TO THE HIGH-GROWTH SEMI-CONDUCTOR, COMPUTER ELECTRONICS. COMPUTER AND COMMUNICATION INDUSTRIES. 
COMPANIES COMPETING IN THESE FIELDS USE AVANTI's SOFTWARE TOOLS TO SOLVE PROBLEMS INHEREN"J: IN THE PHYSICAL DESIGN OF TODAY'S 
MOST ADVANCED IC's COMPLEXITY, PERFORMANCE, AND CONSTANTLY SHRINKING DIE SIZES. MANTI 's IC DEVELOPMENT TOOLS AND TECHNOLOGY 
HELP TO CREATE A NEW GENRE OF HIGHLY DEMANDING SILICON PRODUCTS THAT POWER rODAY'S HIGH PERFORMANCE ELECTRONIC EQUIPMENT. 
AVANT! IS THE FASTEST' GROWING COMPANY IN THE 30-YEAR HISTORY OF THE EDA (ELECTRONIC DESIGN AUTOMATION) INDUSTRY, AND THE 
LARGEST FOCUSED SOLELY ON VERY DEEP' SUBMICRON (VDSM) ICDA. 

AVANT OFFERS EXCELLENT SALARIES, BENEFITS, AND STOCK OPTIONS. 

THE POWER IN SEMICONDUCTORS 

Monday. January 24. 2000 

CUBA: 
Ideology should not 
influence decision 
eo..tIIlu.d frOM ..... 4 
life to try and keep E1ian in the 
United States. 

Like it or not, there are coun-
tries that have different political 
ideologies than the United States. 
There are also many countries 
that are poorer than the United 
States. These reasons alone are 
not justification for saying that 
the citizens of these countries 
would be better off living in the 
United States, and are certainly 
notd'ustification for taking the 
chil ren of these countries away 
from their parents in order to give 
them better opportunities in life. 

The INS already rendered a 
sound judgment founded on U.S. 
law and legal preced~nl in Elian 
Gonzalez's case, The repeated 
efforts to reverse this decision are 
attempting to undermine the 
INS's jurisdiction in these mat-
ters, to undermine the rights of 
Elicin's father to raise his son as he 
sees fit, and ultimately, to under-
mine the freedom of self-determi-
nation that the United States 
holds so dearly. 

ietterS@Ucsdguardian.org 

FREE: 
Parental rights do 
not exist in Cuba 
CocItIn •• d fro. ..... 4 
educate and protect children. It is 
obvious that in Cuba there is no 
such thing as parental rights. 

Yet in Article 62 of tIle Cuban 
constitution, it is stated, " ... that 
no rights granted by this constitu-
tion can be exercised against the 
existence of and objectives of the 
communist state. The infraction 
of this article is punishable." 

The alleged parental rights 
given to Elian's father do not 
exist, as they have been usurped 
by the Marxist state. Instead there 
is a collective "parental right" by 
the state to influence and control 
the upbringing of the children. 

Let's review the laws: The per-
sonality of the child must be 
changed, any influence contrary 
to communism must be combated 
and further schooling can only be 
attained through the proper polit-
ical attitude of communism. 

If we send Elian back, he will 
be allowed to live with his father 
until he is 11; at that point, accord-
ing to law, Elian will be sent to 
work in a farm labor camp for 45 
to 60 days per year. If we send 
EMn back, he will face compulso-
ry military service until he is 27. If 
we send him back, his mother's 
death will have been in vain. 

So what is in Elian's best inter-
est? It was obvious to Elian's 
mother. She died trying to escape 
Cuba to give her son a better life, 
a life of freedom in the United 
States. Here, all dredms are attain-
able. If Elian wants to go to col-
lege, he can do so without worry-
ing whether the government 
finds his communist beliefs 
strong enough. Here in the 
United States, Elian can choose 
his own destiny. His mind and 
desires won't be controlled by 
Castro's regime. 

Many senators also believe 
that Elian should stay in the 
United States. Senator Connie 

:Mack, R-Fla., who is sponsoring a 
resolution to grant citizenship to 
the boy, said: "This is an issue 
about what his mother wanted 
for the boy. To ignore her interests 
and her concern is unthinkable." 

Keeping Elian Gonzalez in the 
United States is in his best inter-
est. Condemning him to a life of 
slavery in Cuba is not. Cuba 
occupies a permanent slot on 
Freedom House's yearly list of 
the least free states in the world, 
states where human rights do not 
exist. 

IttttrS@Ucsdgwtrdilln.org 

Monday. January 24. 2000 The UCSD Guardian 

Sect Changes Name, Raises Fears in Japan ISRAEL: 

NEWS 7 

Published allegations con-
tend that Weizman received 

Allies called for $453,000 from Saroussi between 
TOKYO _ By changing its pares students for medical school tism that have crippled the sect's . 1988 and 1993 and that his 

name and denouncing its spiritu. exams, anxious students and activities. leader's resignatIon alleged failure to declare the 
I I d I t k th fi, ' their l:rents have expressed Law enforcement officials income could be evidence of tax a ea er as wee, e re Iglous cf COntInued from ..... 1 fraud or bribery. 

sect that killed 12 people in a fears t attending a preparato- sai that assumptions by 
nerve gas attack in the Tokyo ry school with the same name as Japanese .that businesses and has intensified in recent days, Weizman repeated on Sunday 
subways in 1995 tried to con- the sect will hurt their chances groups with the name Aleph with calls for his reSignation night his previous insistence that 
vince Japanese society that it was for admission. were linked to the sect were not coming from former allies and his income statements from that 
no longer a threat. "People are hysterical because unjustified because Aum every major newspaper as well period had been approved by 

But the name change from Shinrikyo operates publishing, as from his longtime foes on the respected tax attorneys. 
Aum Shinrikyo to Aleph, which computer and electronic equip- political right. But his stubborn After Sunday night's address, 
is the first letter of the Hebrew Such widespread con- ment business under names that insistence on Sunday night that few voices were raised in 
alphabet and signifies renewal d few reco!,;:->ize. he should be investigated and Weizman's defense. "1 think that 
for many Japanese people, cern wer being Unke No one knows exactly how judged like "any other citizen" the president erred tonight," 
appears to have raised more to the sect, if only by many businesses and groups in seemed characteristic of a man said Shaul Yahalom, the chair-
fears than it calmed. d h Japan use the name Aleph, but who built a political career on man of the National Relitous 

Since Aum announced the name, un erscores t e advertising and marketing exec- impolitic contrarianism. Party. "He ought to have ta en a 
name shift last Tuesday, Japanese deep-seatedfiear of utives estimated the number to Looking weary but speaking leave of absence." 
businesses and organizatiOns be in the hundreds. firmly, the beleaguered 75-year- Yet the overall tone of com-
that use the name Aleph have Aum Shinrikyo in Aleph Zero Co. Ltd., a graph- old president said he would mentary was one of emhat'd: 
been flooded with telephone Japan. ics design fum, has found little issue a statement about the facts and regret, mixed with ea-
caUs from people concerned that benefit in having a name associ- of the affair when the investiga- shaking astonishment at the 
they were associated with the ated with Aum Shinrikyo and tion is over. The attorney gener- president's seeming incompre-
sect. we are right in the middle of has decided temporarily to stop aI's office has said it hopes the hension of the wide consensus 

Many Internet sites of busl- exam period, and they have placing its name in publications investigation can be finished in a that he can no longer perform 
nesses and groups that use the already submitted applications where its work appears. matter of weeks. the role of head of state. 
name Aleph have received so to university medical faculties "It's unfoTtunate, and gives us Through spokesmen, Weiz- Though Israel's presidency is 
many hits in recent days that that have the name of Aleph as a negative image," said Saiichiro man has acknowledged that largely a ceremonial position, 
they have been forced to shut their prep school," said Takeshisa Suzuki, Aleph Zero's chairman. when he was in other government the president has the power to 
down or post messages on their Ueda, the school's director. "But we can't sue Aum to stop posts, he received more than appoint judges and to grant par-
home pages disclaiming any Such widespread concern them from using the name $200,lXX) in publicly undeclared dons. He is himself constitution-
affiliation with Aum. Some com· over being linked to the sect, if because we are in totally differ- gifts from Edouard Saroussi, a ally protected against prosecu-
panies are ~nsidering abandon- only by name, underscores the ent industries." French-born textile magnate and tion - though not against crim-
ing the name Aleph altogether. deep-seated fear or Aum Israeli resident who was a key inal investigation. 

At an Osaka-based cram Shinrikyo in Japan, despite strict - Calvin Sims contributor to Weizman's political - William A. Orme Jr. 
I Th N v. k ... · . . th 1980s Tile New York Times ~hool called Aleph, which pre- new laws and growing vigi an- t ew ,or ,rmes campaigns In e ". 

.~'~'.[.l~'~'-.~l.',''''''~'~'.[.l~'~'-.~L:&'''''~~'.l'.[.l~'.l'.~1:&"''''''~'.l'.[·1~'.l'''~1:&,,''''''~'!'.[.]~'~'.~1:&'''''''' 
Classrooms and Schools 
Transformed in Afternoons 

The revolution begins at 3 p.m. 
Every afternoon, in thousands 

of schools across America, stu-
dents are staying after the final 
bell. They file back into cafeterias 
for a snack, then filter through 
classrooms conducting science 
experiments and creating art pro-
jects. They play, but they also 
study. By the time they go home, 
the sun has already faded . 

The explosion in after-school 
programs - federal funding alone 
has ballooned from $1 million in 
1997 to $454 million this year -
represents nothing less than a re-
imagining of the school day for the 
first time in generatio~, as educa-

• tors and policymakers seek to 
respond to the realities of working 
families and what may be missing 
from the classroom. 

The lofty goal, according to the 
Afterschool Alliance, a coalition 
of businesses, foundations and 
the federal government, is for 
every American child to have 
access to hilth-quality programs 
by the end oT the decade. 

"If you give kids more time to 

FOOD: 
Public concern has 
recently intensified 
C ..... u •• d frUHI ,... 1 
that would have required 
exporters of genetically modified 
com, soybeans and other crops to 
obtain permission in advance 
from the importing country. 

Since then, public concern 
about possible health and ecolog-
ical risks of foods made with 
biotechnology has intensified in 
Europe and spread elsewhere. 

In the United States, the Food 
and Drug Administration recent· 
ly held three public hearings on 
the subject. Gerber and Heinz 
have said they would avoid 
genetically engineered ingredi-
ents in baby foOd. and Monsanto, 
the leader in biotech seeds, has 
been accused in a lawsuit of sell-
ing these seeds without ade-
quately testin$ them, a charge the 
company derues. 

The intenSifying debate is 
expected to put pressure on 

, . 

learn," said Adriana DeKanter, 
the special adviser to the U.S. sec-
retary of education for after-
school issues, "they're going to 
learn more." 

With 78 percent of mothers of 
school-age children in the work 
force, and welfare reform push-
ing even more into jobs, millions 
of children are on their own 
between 3 p.m. and 6 p.m., the 
hours when youth are most likely 
to commit crime - or be victim· 
ized by it. At the same time, the 
public is increasingly frustrated 
with school failures, worried both 
about poor performance on stan-
dardized tests and that the 
renewed emphasis on basic skills 
has squeezed out enrichment pro-
grams like art, music and gym. 

Up to $5 billion in public and 
private money is being spent 
annually on after-school pro· 
grams, and estimates on how 
many students are involved 
range from 2 million to 5 million. 

- Jodi Wilgoren 
The Nw York Times 

Washington to make a deal in the 
new tal~. 

"Hopefully there's been 
enough ferment in the U.S. that 
the U.S. is prepared to say, 'We 
need to get something in place,''' 
said Kristin Dawkins of the 
Institute for Agriculture and 
Trade Policy in Minneapolis, a 
nonprofit organization that 
favors such a treaty. 

Still, divisions remain deep, 
and It is unclear whether an agree-
ment will be reached by Friday, 
the self-imposed deadline. . 

Developing nations and those 
in Europe say the treaty, known 
as the Blosafety Protocol, is need-
ed to allow countries to restrict 
the import of plants, seeds, ani-
mals and foods made with genet- . 
ic engineering. 

The United States, while not 
opposing a treaty in principle, 
says the proposals under discus-
sion would entangle agricultural 
trade in red tape and endanger 
billions of dollars in American 
fann exports, 

- Andrew Pollack 
TIle New York Times 

Survey Reveals College Stress 
This year's class of first-year 

college students, having survived 
the most competitive hlgher-edu-
cation admissions process ever 
and being saddled w~ increased 
family and financial responsibili-
ties, entered school more stressed 
than any in a' generation, a 
national survey by researchers at 
the University of California at 
Los Angeles has found . 

A record 30.2 percent of the 
freshmen polled in their first 
days on campuses across the 
United States said they felt fre-
quently overwhelmed by what 
they had to do. 

There was a significant gen-
der gap - 38.8 percent of 
women and 20 percent of men 
reported high stress levels -
perhaps because female students 
report spending more time 
studying, doing volunteer work 
and participating in school 
clubs, while their male counter-
parts log more hours exercising, 
watching television, partying 
and playing video games. 

Stress I~els have been rising 
since 1985, when 16 percent of 
freshmen said they were fre-
quently overwhelmed. 

"Qne could question: Do they 
really have more going on than 
students did 20 years ago, or do 
~ey jUst think they do?" noted 
l..inda Sax, an assistant professor 
of education at UCLA who 
directs the annual survey. "In 
some ways, it doesn't matter, 
because they feel the stress." 

Nearly one in four students 
surveyed said they expect to 
work full-time while in college 
- another record. 

Kendra Fox-Davis, president 
of the U.S. Students Association, 
a Washington advocacy group, 
attributed the increased stress, in 
part, to the cost of college and 
the need to balance conflicting 
responsibilities. 

Conducted annually since 
1966, this year's UCLA poll 
included 364,546 students at 683 
Qf the country's two- and four-
year colleges and universities. 

Interviewed during orientation 
or the first week of classes, the 
students were asked about the 
past rear, their last in high 
schoo . 

The high stress levels mirror 
trends found in other surveys 
indicating that more college stu-
dents have sought help at campus 
counseling centers in Tecent years, 
and that an increasing number 
arrive on campus with more 
severe psychological problems. 

"Students are much more 
aware now of the demands that 
are going to be placed on them," 
said Robert Galfagher, vice chan-
cellor for student affairs at the 
University of Pittsburgh, who 
conducts a national survey of 
campus counseling center direc-
tors. "They're more aware that to 
get a good job, to do well in their 
fives, they're going to have to per-
form better here. They realize the 
level of competition is going up." 

- Jodi Wilgoren 
The New York Times 

Parties Studying Ways to 
Improve Nominating System 

WASHINGTON - Even 
before the voting begins in this 
year's primaries ana caucuses, 
Republican and Democratic 
Party officials are exploring 
ways to change a presidential 
nominating system that critics 
say has become too chaotic, too 
fast for informed decision mak-
ing and even, in some funda-
mental ways, undemocratic. 

"We're taking the whole issue 
of what happens beyond 2000 
very seriously," said Joe Andrew, 
national chairman of the 
Democratic National Committee. 

William E. Brock, the former 
senator and Republican National 
Committee chairman who is 
heading his party's Advisory 
Commission on the Presidential 
Nominating Process, said in an 
interview last week, "There is a 
very considerable number of 
states that feel they have no 
voice, and frankly an awful lot of 

people feel they have no effec-
tive voice in the selection 
process." 

Some states are always left 
behind in the nominating sea-
son, holding primaries or cau-
cuses long alter a candidate has 
locked up the nomination. But 
never has the process been 
more front- loaded, or com-
pressed with a flurry of b~ 
states, seeking greater influ-
ence, having moved their pri-
maries forward. 

The result is a six-week burst 
of voting that begins on 
Monday in Iowa and reaches a 
climax on March 7 with pri· 
maries and caucuses in 16 
states, including California and 
New York. By mid-March, some 
analysts say, the race for the 
nomination could well be 
resolved i.h one or even both 
parties. 

In one measure of how fast 

this calendar has become in 
recent years, by March 15,1984, 
seven states had held pri-
maries, said Rhodes Cook, the 
author of Race for the Presidency 
(CongreSSional Quarterly 
Press, 1999). By the same point 
this year, 25 states will have 
held prima ies, so clustered 
together that some analysts say 
they may pass most voters in a 
blur. 

If the race is declared over 
before voters tune in, some 
scholars suggest, it couid only 
further their disaffection and 
the decline in turnout. 

Among the ideas that schol-
ars and politicians have been 
debating are a rotating series of 
regional primaries, a national 
primary and primaries orga· 
nized by time zone. 

- Robin Toner 
The New York Times 



> I-
CD 
::s 
C 
·CD 
., 

I 

Monday, January 24, 2000 The UCSD Guardilln FEATURES 9 

(·.ll \I<[)I \"" 1:[.,\lllI\[ \ 

Identifying binge d1'rftking and be.coming aware of its dangerous effects 
on both binge drinkers and those around·them can be invaluable 

-I 
t is a ritual repeated 
by many young 
adults on a weekly 
basis, sometimes 
even daily. Long seen 
as a rite of passage, 
its dangers have 

I;>een ignored and left out of the 
spectrum of problems among 
young adults. It is only recent-
ly that binge drinking grabbed 
the national spotlight as a large 
problem that needs to be 
addressed. 

In years past, many other 

problems facing America's 
youth have taken center stage 
over binge drinking. Whether 
it was eclipsed by the prob-
lems youth face with illegal 
drugs such as marijuana or 
cocaine, life in a gang or 
promiscuous sex, binge 
drinking was one problem 
that was never given much 
consideration. 

....................... 
Binge drinking has been 

around since the inception of 

o 

o 

, 

• 

o 0 
o 

• • 

. , 

alcohol. The only thing that 
has changed is its classifica-
tion, which is redefined 
almost yearly. In years past, ' 
the problem of binge drinking 
among women was especially 
underestimated. According to 
the United States Department 
of Education, the classification 
for female binge drinkers 
used to be tne same as men -
five drinks in one sitting. It 
was only when recent studies 
showed that women were just 
as intoxicated after four 

• 

• 

o 

• 

• 

• 

drinks as men were after five, 
that binge drinking was 
reclassified. 

According to the latest defi-
nition, a male binge drinker is 
someone who consumes more 
than five drinks in a row. For a 
female, binge drinking is 
defined as consuming four or 
more drinks in one sitting. 

What many people are 
unclear about is the actual def-
inition of a drink. People often 
ask if a glass of wine is equal 
to a glass of vodka . The com-
mon definition for a drink is a 
12-ounce can or bottle of beer 
or wine cooler, a 4-ounce glass 
of wine or a shot of liquor, 
either straight or in a mixed 
drink. 

While these are the stan-
dard definitions, a person may 
consume significantly less 
alCohol before being classified 
a binge drinker if different 
kinds of alcohol are mixed 
together, like beer and tequila, 
for example. 

The harmful effects of 
binge drinking were underes-
timated in the past. Recently, 
however, the problem has 
received more attention 
because a number of binge 
drinking-related deaths 
appeared in newspaper head-
lines and on televiSion, when 
several students died after 
heavy alcohol intake at some 
of the nation's universities. 

According to a public 
service Web site orga-
nized by marketing 
group C.L. Ness entitled 
"Binge Drinking," 50 
percent of all college 
males are binge 
drinkers, while 37 per-
cent of college females 
are considered binge 
drinkers. A study per-
formed by the U.S. 

Department of Educa-
tion says that as many as 

50 percent of the college pop-
ulation binge drinks. 

The same study reported 
that binge drinking is the 
most serious drug problem on 
college campuses today. 

The "Binge Drinking" 
study of conege students 
reported that college stu-
dents spend a total of $5.5 
billion on alcohol every 
year. That is more than they 
spend on books, soda, cof-
fee, juice and milk com-
bined. The average college 
student is said to spend 

$466 annually on alcohol. To 
put that in perspective, stu-
dents drink 430 million gal-
lons of alcQhol per y~ar, 

enough to fill an Olympic-size 

swimming pool on every col-
lege campus in the United 
States. 

According to the same 
study, 4 percent of conege stu-
dents drink daily. Another sta-
tistic shows that the percentage 
of college women who drink to 
get drunk has more than 
tripled over the past ten years, 
from 10 to 35 percent. 

Beer manufacturers spend 
an estimated $15 to $20 mil-
lion per year to promote their 
products specifically to col-
lege students, 

Pron ... 
As the statistics show, binge 

drinking is a very large-scale 
problem, who are the most 
likely binge drinkers? Are there 
any patterns? 

The answer to both ques-
tions is yes. In a recent study, 
the U.S. Department of Educa-
tion profifed the "typical" 
binge drinker. 

The study found that white 
students are twice as likely to 
be binge drinkers compared to 
those of other ethnic back-
grounds. Students who do not 
hold religion very highly were 
also twice as likely to binge 
drink than those who do. Ath-
letes were found to be one-
and-a-half times as likely to 
binge drink as non-atHletes. 
Surprisingly, age was not a 
factor, and despite being 
underage, the study found 
that students were just as like-
ly to binge drink during their 
freshman year in college as 
they were during their senior 
year. 

I.~ 
Drinking in general can 

lead to unwanted behavior 
and many regrets. Binge 
drinking o~ly intensifies this 
behavior . 

According to a recent study 
done by Harvard University, 90 
percent of frequent binge 
drinkers experienced hang-
overs the day after they drank, 
as opposed to only 30 percent 
of non binge drinkers. 

Several studies also found 
that binge drinking has a large 
impact on schoolwork. The 
same Harvard study showed 
that 61 percent of frequent 
binge drinkers missed classes, 
as opposed to only 8 percent 
of non binge drinkers. The 
"Binge Drinking" study 
reported that alcohol was a 
factor in 40 percent of all aca-
demic problems, including 28 
percent of all dropouts. 

See ALCOHOL, Page 11 

By Josh Crouse, Associate Features ·Editor 



10 FEATURES ~he UCSD Guardian Monday, January 24, 2000 

'THE EDITOR'S SOAPBOX 
Social pressures and expectations have young girls dying to ·be thin 

ALISON NORRIS 
Copy Editor 

"thunder thighs" once as a third-
grader wasn't damaging enough. 

The immediate result of this 
label? Nothing outstanding -
beet-red cheeks, a fatally quiver-
ing lower lip and a head lowered 
in shame. But the long-term 
effects of this seemingly innocent 
name-calling included something 
much more intangible and conse-
quential: Immediately, the label 
made me the reluctant proprietor 
of a skewed self-image. . 

Little did I know that my 
slanted view of self would 
explode into a self-destructive 
lifestyle when it encountered its 
favorite breeding ground: college 
dormitories. 

friends or family. 
Upon my arrival at UCSD, the 

negative, creeping effects of liv-
ing among women with eating 
disorders consumed every aspect 
of my life as soon as they could. 

A few weeks into fall quarter, I 
ate dinner with a human skeleton. 
She gulped down a cheeseburger, 
a plate of curly fries drenched in 
ranch salad dressing, as well as a 
plateful of salad. Then, after pol-
ishing off a pint of Ben & Jerry's ice 
cream for dessert, she excused her-
self from the dinner table and 
marched straight to the public rest 
rooms as every pair of eyes in the 
cafeteria scanned the frail, nutri-
ent-depleted ribs that could be 

ries sit in their stomachs overnight 
was not just risky, it was sacrile-
gious to the rules of self-starva-
tion. Neither woman weighed 
more than 120 pounds - and this 
I know for a fact, as we soon began 
comparing height, weight, mea-
surements and muscle size. 

What kinds of foolish, obses-
sive eating habits did I develop 
when every notion I ever formed 
about self-image, self-respect and 
self-esteem was challenged on a 
daily basis? 

I gave in. I succumbed to the 
game. I wanted to starve if it 
meant I would drop weight, 
along with at least 10 other 
women in my dormitory. 

suitemates and I hiked to the gym 
and operated various cardiovas-
cular exercise machines for at 
least 40 minutes (60 minutes on a 
good day). Before departing I . 
would step onto the scale, and 
according to its secret, I would 
begin to plan what I would eat for 
breakfast the next morning. Was I 
allowed to eat a bagel? Just 
yogurt? High-fiber cereal? Just 
juice? Onlr water until noon? 

I first became aware of the fact 
that we live in a society obsessed 
with the Twiggy-esque female 
form when I was a young, but 
nonetheless confident third-grad-
er at K.l. Jones Elementary school. . 
Happily clad in my '80s-style, 
acid-wash, denim skirt, I saun-
tered - as much as a third-grader 
can saunter, that is - across the 
blacktop without any debilitating 
worries, fears or insecurities. 

Little did I know that my slanted view of self would explode into II self-
destructive lifestyle when it encountered its favorite breeding ground: college 
women)s dormitories. 

When came to UCSD in late 
September of that year, I weighed 
125 (lOlI;nds. By Thanksgiving, I 
weighed 108. I remember feeling 
flattered and content for the first 
time in weeks as relatives 
demanded to know what I was 
eating at every meal, complaining 
that my watch slid around my 
wrist too freely and ar.guing that 
my pants would fall to my ankles 
if it weren't for my belt. More-
over, I remember feeling a rush of 

rure adrenaline-based ecstasy as fit into a size one pair of jeans 
for the first time in my life. My 
rationale: If I could starve and 
sweat to a size one, I could starve 
and sweat to a size zero. 

Within seconds, however, the 
shouts of the third-grade class 
clown made me aware of some-
thing that I have never been able 
to become completely, 100 per-
cent unaware of. 

Perched atop the highest point 
on the jungle gym, he bellowed 
two words that removed the 
denim skirt from my wardrobe 
forever (which probably wasn' t 
an entirely bad thing considering 
the appearance of acid-wash 
denim skirts in general). 

"Thuuuuunder thighs!" He 
scrutinized my face in anticipa-
tion of a reaction (tears, I'm sure), 
and a moment later, he threw his 
head back in laughter. Then, he 
repeated himself, as if he was 
worried that I didn't hear him the 
first time, or as if being called 

Before any further explanation, 
however, I must clarify. The years 
between my third grade debacle 
and my freshman year at UCSD 
were relatively unaffected by this 
memory. Yes, I dieted once in a 
while. Yes, I randomly exercised 
with the goal of shedding a few 
pounds, But overall, compared to 
what I was exposed to during my 
freshman year at college, junior 
high and high school were kind to 
me in regard to self-image. Dur-
ing those years, I was able to 
acknowledge that I wasn' t the 
most athletic or healthy human 
being, and I did what I could to fix 
that - but fixing my physical 
"flaws" was certainly never more 
important than ~ool, happiness, 

seen through her T-shirt. 
My roommate sh¥ly whis-

pered to me, "Do you think that 
girl has bulimia?" 

It was a scary moment, and 
many others followed. For weeks, 
we heard rumors· of middle-of-
the-night trips to the grocery 
store, as well as to the hospital. 

Other girls were obviously 
plagued by disfunctional eating 
habits as well. One of my suitem-
ates consumed nothing but Diet 
Snapples (because they have zero 
calories but still taste fairly decent) 
and a bowl of cereal every day, 
while another attended at least 
three one-hour aerobics classes per 
day. And of course, they never ate 
meals after 7 p,m. - letting cala-

My struggle began in the cafe-
teria . I searched every woman's 
plate for fatty foods, calculating 
the number of calories each was 
consuming and comparing her 
fare and calorie count to my own. 
Soon, I eliminated all types of 
beverages from my diet besides 
water. Next, dinner became ritu-
alistic: a dinner salad with nonfat 
dressing, accompanied by a bowl 
of steamed white rice. Indulging 
in dessert - which was restricted 
to those of the low-fat or nonfat 
nature - meant at least an extra 
10 minutes at RIMAe. 

This brings me to the second 
aspect of my problem: RIMAC 
cultivated my . weight-loss frenzy. 
At 9 p.m., the two aforementioned 

Upon retuming to UCSD for 
the last few weeks of fall quarter, 
I began to notice and compare 
myself to other women more than 
I ever had. Now, not only was I 
inspecting their food choices, but 
I also began to investigate the 
width of their thighs, the size of 
their waists and tne prominence 
of their collar bones. I inspected 
women's arms for the fur-like 
hair that is the telltale sign of 
under nourishment; I had not 
developed this stamp of sickness 

See THIN, Page 11 

Make a Difference: 
MEDICINE 

EDUCATION 
CLINICAL 
R E EAR G H Become a Teacher!!! 

RESEARCH C RIPPS C LINIC 

Do You Have Eye Allergies? 
Scrlpp. Clinic I. conductlnll • r .... rch .tudy 

of • new .ntl-.Uergy eyedrop. 

Participants must: 

• Be 18 years of age or older 

• Be in good general health 

• Be allergic to cats, grass, ragweed, or trees. 

Qualified participants will be paid. 

For more Information, call 

858-554-9611 

Ifm SCRIPP_S CLINIC 
0_ 320 Physicians Cum11l/or Scm Diego Sillce J 924. 

UCLA's Teacher Education Program is still 
accepting applications for Fall 2000. 

WHY UCLA? 
to Urban Education 

For more information or an 
application, call 310-825-8326 
Or visit our website at 
www.canlarl.ucla.adu (click TEP) 

• 

~nday,January24,2000 The UCSD Guardian 

Forming an active community 
There are many opportunities for students to get involved 
By KELLY WONG 
Staff Writer 

Here are several opportuni-
ties for students interested in 
giving back to their community 
by getting involved in these 
ongoing activities. 

.......... ero.. 
The American Red Cross 

Blood Services are looking for 
volunteers to help with regis-
tration and canteens dunng 
blood drives at various loca-
tions throughout San Diego 
County. 

If you are afraid to give some 
of your own blood, this is a 
great way to help others give 
some of theirs. 

To volunteer, call (619) 514-
7419. 

lop .... 11M CIIIIt 
01 .. ...... 

The, Physical and Learning 
Supporters (PALS) Program is 
in need of volunteers and 
interns. Activities range from 
arts and crafts to working in 
the computer lab to 
indoor / outdoor sports. 
Come help out the children of 

THIN: 
Learning to Ii ve 
with one's image 
C ....... dtro.PlCelO 
and I needed to watch other 
women's progress to make sure 
that I wasn't falling behind in 
the race to emaciation. 

The turning point came dur-
ing winter break. I stepped onto 
the scale at home and read a 
number that barely surpassed 
the one-dollar mark. Within 
days, my then-boyfriend set the 
record straight: I looked sick; it 

San Diego and become a 
leader. "Programs include 
working willi physically and 
mentaUy handicapped chil-
dren. 

For more information or to 
volunteer, call 273-1645. 
_ ....... 

This is a soup kitchen that 
needs volunteers. Jobs 
include: Assistants to kitchen 
crew in all areas with empha-
sis on cleaning; A courier to 
deliver food to t:ast County; A 
courier to deliver meals to 
North County; A food distrib-
uter to volunteer delivery dri-
vers; and Route delivery dri-
vers . 

The location is 1875 Second 
Avenue, San Diego. Contact 
Dave Andrews at (619) 233-
6262. 

Mini .... Aft ....... 
....... ..,.... 

Mira Mesa needs a literacy 
tutor who can tutor or mentor 
children in grades K-3 with 
reading. They are located in 
the Mira Mesa Recreation 
Center. Training for four 
hours is provided for tutors. 

was time to stop. 
Luckily, as impossible as it 

seems, I was still in control. Dis-
gusted that I was disgusting my 

. friends and family, I realized 
t.hat I had long surpassed anI. 
kind of a realistic healthy goa . 
The scale had used its secret to 
control my life for the last time. 

After remaining at a consis-
tent 12O-pound stasis for almost 
a year, I have realized that my 
ability to let go of my freshman-
year lifestyle is uncommon. 

The woman who openly 
binged and purged during meal-
times still does so. One of my two 
suitemates still suffers from an 

fizzus 

The ~~am is located at 8575 
New m Road, San Diego. 

....... YIew,IYIICA 
This program also needs lit-

eracy tutors. Volunteers will 
develop lesson plans to 
increase reading and attend 
workshops . for .develop~~ 
lessons. This reqwres a nuru-
mum of one hour per week for 
three months as sChedule per-
mits. 

Contact Mila Gutirrez at 
(619) 428-1168 for more infor-
mation. 

T .... ForA-a 
There will be an info session 

at the Price Center Cove on 
Wednesday, January 26 at 6 
p.m. where you can leam how 
to make a difference in an 
underresourced urban or rural 
public school. 

Call 534-1414 or stop by Vol-
unteer Connection office locat-
ed on the second floor of the 
Price Center for more informa-
tion. You can also check out 
the Web site at www.teach-
foramerica .or~. 

Final application deadline is 
Feb. 22, 2000. 

oppressive and distorted seIf-
image that leads her to episodic 
exercising and crash dieting, and 
the other woman who ate noth-
ing but Diet Snapples on a year-
round basis still sadly looks as if 
she hasn' t eaten solid foods in 
years. 

However, whenever I walk 
past all of the above women, they 
reveal that they are still buying 
into society's obsession with thin-
ness by Cooking at my thighs 
instead of my face. I know this 
because I, on the other hand, 
have retumed to watching pe0-
ple's faces, abandoning a IDS-
pound, 5'8" physique for good. 

Testus 

ALCOHOL: 
Binge drinking can 
ruin one's life 
Coan .. ed from ..... 

IHKts 0I1IIcoIIoI 
In addition to causing embar-

rassing moments and hurting 
schoolwork, binge drinking has 
some very serious side affects. 

Alcohol is proven to be a 
large factor in many rapes. The 
Web site for "Binge Drinking" 
reports that 75 percent of male 
students and 55 percent of 
female students who were 
involved in acquaintance rape 
were drinking or using drugs at 
the time. 

Binge drinking can also have 
more serious, life-threatening 
consequences. "Binge Drinking" 
estimates that as many as 
360,000 undergraduates out of 
12 million nation-wide will die 
from alcohol-related causes 
while in school. This number 
eclipses the number who will 
receive master's degrees and 
Ph.Os. 

In terms of caloric content, 
people who drink the equivalent 
of just one glass of wine per day 
can gain up to 10 pounds in one 
year. 

Heavy alcohol consumption 
can lead to various health risks 
such as alcoholism, alcohol poi-
soning, cancer, depression, sexu-
ally transmitted diseases and 
liver and heart disease. 

Alcoholism is a serious dis-
ease that can devastate a per-
son's life. When a persqn devel-
ops a dependency on alcohol, 
whether it is emotional or physi-
cal, he or she is considered an 
alcoholic. Alcoholism can short-
en a person's life span by 12 to 
15 years. 

In addition to death, alco-
holism can also affect one's per-
sonallife. Alcohol can become the 
most important thing in a per-
son's life, often causing the loss of 
a job, friends or both. 

Alcohol poisoning is also a 
concern for binge drinkers. A 

Smilus 

fxp['tlrn((' Id,,',h"l)~ (OCI·Col.l (1,1'''' In .In 1([' (old hi.,,, botti, .11 p.lttl(lp.lting 10(.1t1e,,1, fOl only 59c 
Off['1 "/lei, J '''.I.It Y J I, 2000 

FEATURES 11 

large amount of alcohol ingested 
into the body in a short amount of 
time (the basic definition of binge 
drinking itself) can lead to a poi-
soning of the body, which can 
lead to severe nausea and even 
death in some cases. When the 
body gets too much alcohol in the 
blood stream, it starts to sHut 
down. 

Many people do not know 
that there are links between 
heavy alcohol abuse and binge 
drinking and cancer. In a recent 
study, 2 to 4 percent of all cancer 
cases are thought to originate 
from heavy drinking. Particular-
ly, the upper digestive tract 
(mouth, throat) and the liver are 
two parts of the body that are 
prone to cancer due to excessive 
binge drinking. 

Depression is another disease 
that can be brought about by 
binge drinking and alcohol 
abuse. Many people feel that 
when they have a problem, they 
can drown their worries in a few 
glasses of beer. Unfortunately, 
this could be one of the worst 
things that they could do. Alco-
hol, by nature, is a depressant. 
Someone drinking alcohol while 
being depressed can slip even 
further into depreSSion, which 
could lead to impulsive 
thoughts of suicide. 

Alcohol abuse and severe 
binge drinking can also lead to 
heart and liver failure. Large 
amounts of alcohol in the blood 
stream means less blood getting 
to the extremities. As a result, the 

See ALCOHOL, Page 14 

S H A 01 5 W A T S 1M U S H 
LIMO CADRE INTO 
o v e R P A 5 5 ~~ 5 WAN 
IIENEATH KE~LOGG _M USI~.AR_ ~ ..... "". ~YE EGGNOG DARE ~~ 0 5 E TTL E RI R~ 
ONES LOLITA LE~ 
MACAW NET NEEDY 
_0 0 0 R SIN G 5 _ 
8 T R IKE S C 0 U C H E S 
IAAs lA UDIO I HILE 
PUT T C R 0 A K E L a E 
5EES TEEN5 ROAD 



12 CLASSIFIEDS 

EVE N T S 
Study Abroad with the School for 
Intematlonal Trainingl Learn about these 
exciting programs Monday at 2:30 In 
the International Center. (1124) 
MEDIATION PROCESSES (ADR-
AltlfNltlve Dlsput. AnoIutlon), Jan. 
26th, 3-4 pm, Price Center Gallery B. 
ADR is characterized by a nuetral third 
party who moderates Informal 
prooeedlngs which Ieed the interested 
parties to a consensus-based solution. 
Learn how the ADR Processes are 
quicker, cheaper, less adverIariel amd 
morelikelytoprocaacrealivelOlutions 
to complex problems. PrM8r1ed by 
Student Legal Services. Sponsored by 
Student Organizations & Leadership 
Opportunities (SOLO). For more info call 
534-<l501 . (1120-1127) 
Start the millenium with an international 
experience: Meet your nelghbors by 
studying in beeutiful CanMIII Education 
Abroad Program (EAP) oHared tor lail 
and year. All fields of study In English. 
Deadline: January 2B. CorCact: Programs 
Abroad Office, 534-1123, 
abroadOucsd.edu. (1120-1127) 
Explore the dynamic society of Vietnam. 
Study Abroad in fail 2000! Education 
Abroad Program (EAP) Includes 

The UCSD Guardian 

CLASSIFIEDS 
The UCSD Guardian _. the right to claaaify, edM, deIet. o"-nalve word8 .nd 
phr .... , and/or refuse any .nd •• advertlaemenla without prior noIifIcaIlon. The 
Advertl_ will not hold the Guardian liable tor any claiml rNutting from the publication 
of the advertlaement .. The publlaher will aIIo not be held accountllble for .ny claim from 
an agreement mede ~ the advertla« and the conaumer. 
Copy should be reviewed by the advertiser for errors. In order to be conecIed In the nell! 

ragufar~," _ mull be repcwted by the _apondIng ...... Credit wilt otrI1y be 
given for the Incorred portion of the adwrIiaanwII. The ..... no reIundI for""""""'L 
P .... MIld all _, ... panclel_ ........,.. C ......... to: 
UCSD QUMlI8n, AIIn: CIMaItIeda, IIiOO 011_ DrIft 1031', U Jolla, CA t2OI3. 
ActueIIocetIon: Student Center A, Room 217. 

Vietnamese language study and 
cont.mporary Issues in Vietnam. 
Instruction in English deadine: January 
28th. Contact: Programs Abroad Office , 
53+1123, abIOadOUCld.edu, http:// 
www.ucsd.edu/icenterlpao (1120-11 
27) 
Study Abroad in Hungary In 20001 
Education Abroad Programs (EAP) for 
Fall and year. lnetruc:tion In fr9ish by 
wortd-renowned EL TE prol8llonl view 
European changes from a Central 

Europeenperapective.DeIdIIne:Jenuary 
28th. Programs Abroad Office: 534-
1123, abroadOUCld.edu. (1120-1127) 
Spice up your life with Study Abroadl 
EAP appIlcIlIon DEADLIIE is Friday, 
January 28Itl for Barbados, Canada, 
Denmark, Egypt, Germany, Ghana, 
Hungary, India, IsrHl, Italy, Korea, 
Mexico, Netherlands, RUIlia, Spain, 
SWedenandViItr1Im. Contact: Programe 
Abroad Offlca, 53.·1123, 
abroad 0 ucsd.edu, http :// 
www.UCId.eduAc:elUlrlpeo. (1/1 G-2n 
"'MfA rsNEXT?" Awort<shoptoexplore 
career options after college. Thursday, 
January 27, International Center 
Conference Room. 7 p.m. to 9:30 p.m. 
$10 materiels fee. Cail to reserve your 
seat. 619-291-2844. (1/13-1127) 

Classified Line 
Ad Rates 

S1udInII: 13per20 __ 
FlCUIlyllllft: I4per20 __ 

All oIhIn: I&per20 __ 
AlNr«»paymenlilrequi'ed. 

Classified Display 
Ad Rates 

II.OOpercolurmlnch 
Deedllnea: 

,.......1IoIt DIIpIIr a. LN a. 

I!'~ i ~:':il t~ ~~j i ~~I ti 
ComIng In ~ UCSD CMnIIIn: 
VALENTINE'S DAY EdItIonI KMpan. 
on these PIlI" for the chance to IIIld 
a Peraonai Valentine to your favorite 
fave. (1I2H/l0) 
s.IaII ~ a.. .... ne IhII 
C!I*WIII Corne learn aorne spicy saIIa 
dance movas and some great 
choreography. Don't mill out on IhiI 
chance to leam rnonI about the lattll 
Latino dance craze. No experience 
neoessary. Nopartnerneallllry. MEI't-
we want XllllLMondays 1()'11 p.m. & 
Thursdays tHO p.m. in RIMAC Activity 
Rm 3. For more Info, email 
ucsd_ballroomO hotmaH.com. (112.-11 
31) 

Papa John's Pizza Is 
LOOKING FOR YOUI 
• Order Takers 
• Drivers 

Timing u everything. Your small project deadlines are just as 
critical as the big ones. At Copy Club, We have big experience 
meeting deadlines - from single copies to hundreds of multi- ' 
page presentations. We're alwiYs open, so We're always reidy to 
help you with copies in aU shapes and $izes -including color 
and over-sized posters. Don't wait around for those other guys. 
Come experience the Legendary Service of Copy Club 

We're the fastest growing piua company in 
America and have grown to over 2,000 
locations in over 46 states. Here is the 
perfect opportunity for you to join in a 
leader in the industry. We are looking for 
Assistant Managers, Order Takers and 
Drivers, 

We offer our team members: 
e Cash nightly for mileage reimbursement 

(drivers) 18 FREE COPIES 
SELF SERVE B/W 

ON COpy C RD 
e Ability to earn $8.00-$12.00 an hour 

(drivers) including tips and wages 
e 401 (k) 
e Flexible hours 
e Advancement opportunities 
e Piua discounts 
e Fun and friendly 

environment riiIiIiiii . 
Apply now at: 

4130 La Jolla Village Dr. (858)45&9800 

Recruiting NO\N 
for 2001-20021 

• Two year term Applications availc:able T~IS week 
• Shadow the current Regent at the follOWing offices: 

Dean's, GSA, AS 

Monday, January 24, 2000 

Check out what the Anance World can 
do for you with the FINANCIAL 
MANAGEMENT ASSOCIATION- UCSD's 
Student Buall18ll Associationl Email 
fmaOUCld.edu or log on to http:// 
sdcc13.UCId.eduI-fmaI (112'-'1127) 

Watch out for a fitttI win by MUIR 
college in Spirit Night 2000. Four 
consec:utive yHr1 and oounting . . . 
they're looking for lome good 
COIllI8Iition. (112.·1fl7) 

EMPLOYMENT 
PIT SALES CLERKS needed to ~ busy 
UTG-AnteftorislduringVaientine'sWeek 
Feb 8-1 • . No experience neoessary. 
Flexible hours. Call 622-9999. (1124-
1131) 
Leading La Jolla Insurance Agency seeks 
individual for PIT front office clerical 
position. Mornings. FAX resume (858) 
.56-9362 or call Mark at 456-9170. 
(112.) 
3rd/.th Yr Advertising/Marketing 
student needed to complete an 
advertising package. Send resume to: 
P.O. Box 210722, Chula Vista, CA 
91921 . (1124-2/3) 

S1D11O'aWeeldylS1uflenvelopasathome 
for S2.00 INICh pius~. Work FIT 
orPfT.MaklS800+WMk/y,guaranteedl 
Frw supplies. No experience neottIIry. 
For details, .nd _ ~ 10 N-34, 
PMB 552, 12021 Wlilhire BMI., Los 
Angeles, CA 90025. (1I2HI10) 
FREE COMPUTER plus income without 
IHvingcarl1lUl. Nojc*e. Callordetaill: 
recorded ~ge: 1-800-888-8801 . 
(112.·31) 
NOW HIRING FUTURE BUSINESS 
LEADERS I The Surnrner Managnent 
Program. Marketing, Sal.s, and 
management skills trained. Confidence, 
leadership, and motivation required. Base 
salary of $5000+ profits . 
Average=S 1 0 , 000 
www.varsitystudent.com. HIOO-295-
9675. (1120-3116) 
Asst. Managers wanted for surflSKB, 
Snow retail stores. 32 hours minimum, 
wagesbasedonexperience. FAX resume 
to (858)292-5379 or e-mail to 
somSDOaol.oom. Stores located in UTC 
and Fashion Valley. (1120-1/31) 
Part-time promo/model parson for"" 
.com oompeny, $lMlr. Earty mornngs 
and other commuter hours 
houserebate.com, 888-838-5675. (11 
20·1131) _______ _ 
Wantrnonlmoney? Eamlmmedatecash 
Income and frw COf'11IUIeI' around what 
you are alntadydotng. Billion dollar NYSE 
Corp. Call-81111..tl1O-8162lorr8COrded 
Information. (1120-1131) 

~~lobtll4llngUhor 
Dr. WInW'I Fa"", (Why Men Nt The 
Way They Ale). R .... rch book on 
fathere. Excellent Internetlllbriry 

Monday, January 24, 2000 

r .... rch skills. 20+ hrIIWk; $8Ihr; jrl 
sr/grad; 3.0 min. Fax: 760 753 2436. 
(1/1 8-112.) 
$1500 weekly potential maiHng for our 
circulars. No Exparienoe Required. Free 
inforrnationpacket. Call 202-452·5!MO. 
(1/18-618) 
TUTOASpart·timtforSA T and 1CIdemics. 
MUll have 19 SAT ICor8 on math or 
verbal, enthusiastic attitude, reliable 
transportation. Fiexllla schedute, pays 
$12·S22Ihour pIus~. Cd Soora! 
Prep (858) 549-2154. (1/18-1131) . 
Intems Needed. Psychology Today 
Magezine&RadIopsychoklgy,OOII"4JUIer 
science, communications, markeling, 
saies, accounting. Contact: Valerie 
Mitchell 780·7.5-5090 or 
vmltch79580aol.com. (1/13-618) 
GET PAlO TO STUDY! SUCCESS Tutoring 
Services is hiring motivated, dependable 
indMduais to tutor, ail subjects available 
at any Ievet. Tutor in your area, part-time 
or fuM·time, malce your own schedule, 
$10·$12 per hour, (619) 51-TUTOR or 
online at www.succasstuUing.com. (11 
13·1131) 
WANTED: ELEANOR ROOSEVELT 
COLLEGEREStDENT ADVlSORSfor2OOG-
20011 Applications available at ERC 
Retidence UfeOlfice. Deadline2/~. 
(1/13-1131) 
PART TIME CItric:at, F1eJCille Houre to 
help QIII in busy HP Authorized PC! 
Printer repair department. Must ba 
lamilier with MicrosoIt ElIQII and Word. 
Executive Micro, Inc., 7920 Arjons DR. 
Suite H,-San Diego, CA 92126. 858-
5.9-2190. E-mail resume to 
SERVICEOEXMICRO.COM. (1/13-1124) 
Can1> Wayne lor Girls-sister haM of 
brother/siater car11I in Pennsytvania (3 
hrs from New York City). " you love 
children and wlnt I clrlng, fun 
environment we _looIdng to hi,. staff 
from 1121-111Il00 for: Tennis, Go", 
Basketball , Softball, Vofteyball, Soccer, 
Ropes, Self Defanse, Gymnastics, 
Aerobics, Cheerlaading, Swimming, • 
Sailing, Waterskling, Plano, Drama 
DiNctor, Fine Arts Director, Drawing 
and Painting, Ceramics, Jewelry, 
Linoleum Cuts, Batik, Calligraphy, 
Sculpture, SIk-5creening. PhoCography, 
Guitar, VIdeo, GroupLeadera, OnCaIT1lUS 
Interviews February24th. Call 800-279-
3019. (1/1G-2I22) 

NEEDINCOME?Noexperience~. 
O~-one training and a chance to 
work with a Fortuna 500 company. 
Craate and/or magnify your resume 
experience, along with both intern and 
woricelCp8rienoe.Ca"foranappointment 
interview: 1-800-495-3732. (111 ()'31) 
HOTEL: RESIDENCE INN LA JOLLA. 
LOOKING FOR TEAM PLAYERS: FRONT 
DESK FTIPT. NIGHT AUDITOR PT (858) 
587-1nO. EOElMlFIDN. (1110-31) 

FOR RENT 
LaJolia furnilhed rooms- Kilctlen priv., 
""let neighborhood, private entrance, 
clean non-smoker, parking, phonellne, 
wind 'n sea beech, -uM. incl. $595.00. 
(858) 459-6322. (1/10-1131) 

FOR SALE 
1987 Honda Accord OX, • DR, SSP, AI 
C, goid. 1"" K miles, runs well. $17501 
080. Call (858) 350-9979. (1124-2/ 
3) 
Artist's airbrush set-up. Brush, peints, 
books, masking, acetate. Everything but 
air! $HIO 080. Call Terri, (619) 523-
3219. (1124·1127) 
MAC CENTRIS 650 wi monitor, INT and 
EXT Hard Drive, 36.6 Modem. Good 
Cond. $150.00 080. Sooll 858-457-
8528, 858-455-3793. (1/24-1127) 
Metal Frame Futon $75. Wood Frame 
Futon $50. Chris (619) IW6-5434. (11 
20-1124) 
MACINTOSH Intemal Zip Drive lor G3 or 
~. Never openedIoriginal packaging. 
make offer. Call Nathan452·7020. (111 
15-312) 

WANTED 
Participants wanted for applied 
psychoiogyexperirnents. Eam$l0ih0ur 
for participating as an experimental 
observer for 1·3 hours. Experiments 
involvevlewing information oncornputer 
d1spiays and making responses using 
the keyboard and mouse. Contact 
HeatherD.at8581535-1661 fordetails. 
(lm·1127) 
PSYCH 199 Research Internship Winter 
Quarter ChIldren', Hospi1aI , contact: 
Maryarn Far. (858) 576·1700 x 432 • . 
(1120-112.) 
UC8D ALLERGY STUDY: ~s wtth 
cu",", allergy symptoms to Inhaled 

allergens (dust, grass, animals) needed 
al blood donora. Will be reimbursed 
S35.00 for bfood donation. Contact 
534-23R (1/13-1127) 
Caucasian American resaarch subjects 
I'lIirmursed for inlelvlew. if you are a UCSD 
sIudenI, 18-25, w5!l2-8585 x.l85 for 
more information. (1I1()'3116) . 
Volunteers paid $30.00 for Interview. If 
you are eriirely of Japanese or Korean 
descent, age 21-26, caU 552-8585 
x2182. (1/1G-3116) 
Jewish American Resaarch subjects 
reimburSed for interview. if you are a UCSD 
student, 18-25, cal 552-8585 ~ 185 for 
more information. (1I10-l'16). 

SERVICES 
IMRPOV TRAme SCHOOL 

"The most fun you can ever 
have In T raffie School." 
Classes weekly in La Jolla 

and San Diego. 
(800,77I-LAFF 

MEN: L.-n how to ........ IIcIItt with 
yr:AI hot ... moves! Join the BaIroom 
Danoe Team's ....... ~ICICIaaa." 
The ellIS meeIII Mondays from t 0-11 
p.m. Ind Thurtdays from 9-10 p.m. in 
RIMAC Activity Am 3. No partner or 
experience necessary. For more 
inlormation email 
uCII,-baIIroomOIlolJTwit.com. (112.·31) 
EatIng DlIOrderI: oonfidential Holistic 
trwtmentina warm,carlngenvirorvnenl. 
Mission Hilis BodyMind Weliness Center. 
619.296.7591oreshafomOormed.edu. 
(1120-2122) 

The UCSD Guardian 

Till' R()~oIfitu Bedell Hutel )\I,t 
rIll I, tl\ Il1 till I rdt rill, t .... ,()U t" 

Spring Break on tM 
Beac~ in Mexico"! 
INCLUDES Dinner per person, tons 
of games, sports toumaments and 
corttests with exciting prizes for 
daily winnersl!! Jell tIIe,.n,.-I 
~ sUrfer.tIttIe. 

DJ. ;.~!~~: 
KAC .. HOrn : O:::::':ed. Unoited .. ~. _ from _ 9Ih to April 

13111. Not volid to crOUl>l '" .,ot.~ _ promotions. 

1·800·343·8582 
www.rosaritohtl.com 

SUCCESS Tutoring Services, hundreds 
of tutors come to you, at home or 
school. AU SUBJECTS at ANY LEVEL, 
COfT1l8IlIive pricing, discount packages 
available. (819) 51·11JTOA or (619) 
518-8867 , or online at 
WWW.SUCC8sstutoring.com. WE ARE 
HIRING. (1/13-3116) 
PSYCHOTHERAPY. Becomebellerabie 
to cope with life's stresses. Identify and 
overcome obstacles to academic 
achievement. Help with depression, 
anxiety, nllatlonship problems, famiiy 
pressures. Supportive, caring approach. 
Close to carT'4>us. Reduced fees for 
students . Carol Randolph, Ph.D. 
(PSYl5060). 61 .. 51414. (1118-<l11 
31) 

PERSONALS 
pretty-boy-hightower™: i saw you at 
that party, carrying your gir1y glass-
holding a III' heaths' and touching a bit 
of all. (1/24) 
I hope ManhIII College Ie .-ely for an 
upeeI come SpIrIt N1gh12000, MUlA II going 
for number FIVE, lt's okay, SCORE, thtre'. 
1IwayI-.I 111-. (1124-1127 ) 
snack girtTV_ are you ready for our first real 
time? we've got su~e 216 all night long , 
actuaRy just from 8-12, so we have to be 
qulck. lers get digital. (1124) 
To my favorite pimp.. thars right 
baby ... youl Well , as you sit there 
helplessly and age away, alii can really 

CLASSIFIEDS 13 

do Is sey Happy Birthday and hope all 
those chicks you drool oyer find an 
elderly guy like you at1ractive .. luv, 
Princess. (1124) 
The slate of North Carolina: This 
perfeshional wrassler named Rick Flair 
wants to run lor governor; they'va 
already got Jesse Helms and scores of 
charecter-laden professional athletes 
repr8S8flting them.(1124) 
Gwenyth Paltrow was asked to put out 
her cigarette recently In an LA. bar. 
Humble Gwen, who refusestopersonally 
address food service workars, asked 
one of her entourage to 'tell this clown 
who I am: Guess that weepy Oscar 
speech was the real acting. (1124) 

PORl1IGN &. DOMI1STIC 
» ' >t ... 
~ UlAN VDllCI.D 

ODDS" ",ntOUl'll. CB.-nu.. ~AG.N. AUDI 

101 off any wvl .. or repair 
00 you own an ASIAN car? 

get an extra 5% off Labor 
good thr. 1/31/2000 

Student., Faculy & Stair nol.,./id In conjunctloo will> any oIh., .peclal or dncounl 
pr .. ont thil ad with cu.rent UCSO 10 HrniIotio".epp/y 
_the_ .... Io __ to_thil.~ 

shulh saMe • ...JIabIe to CMtPUS 

OLD FASHION lID aHICS, COIIIIOIiI SENSE AND FAIR PlllCas 
Fa.II]f c.- .. o~ -s.nr,. UCSD II*", 1!J111 
~ Master Mechanics I~;~~I 
5820 al!JTOPORT Mall 450-94 94 

NO (~OVER TO GET IN. 
NO ID. REQUIRED. 
As a matter of fact, all you need is a few bucks 

and our phone number. So give us a call and 
discover that not all pizza is alike. 

ueSD 
4130 La Jolla Village Drive 

458-9aOO 



Puzzle by Bill Swain 
ACROSS 
1 Roe source 
5 Swings of the bat 
10 Thick porridge 
14 Ritzy ride 
15 Core group 
18 Fascinated by 
17 Crossed above 
19 Adult Ugly Duckling 
20 Under 
21 Surgeon who created a cere-
al 
23 • _ of the Heart · 
25 Lion 's call 
26 Evert of tennis 
29 Siesta 
31 Cheapskate 
34 Use ind igo 

Solutions on page 11 
35 Holiday concoction 
38 Call a chicken? 
39 Crimson or scarlet 
40 Homesteader 
42 Bikini piece 
43 Small bills 
45 Nabokov novel 
48 Guided 
47 Talking parrot 
49 Trawling device 
50 Impoverished 
52 Redolence 
54 Carries a tune 
58 Swings and misses? 
59 Shrinks' sofas 
83 Pension $$ 
64 Ardent fan of recorded music 
86 Green stroke 

87 Frog's call 
88 River through Dresden 
89 Gets the point 
70 Second decade 
71 Highway or byway 

DOWN 
1 Tie spotter? 
2 Abode of buzzers 
3 Grace conclusion 
4 Scale notes 
5 Skedaddles 
8 Olympia's state 
7 Classified 
8 Difficult journey 
9 Passover dinner 
10 Lost 
11 Not practicable 
12 Alone 
13 _ Kong 
18 Brief stops 
22 Prune 
24 Parts of saddles 
26 Computer acronym 
27 Serengeti hunter 
28 Change furnishings 
30 Elected official 
32 Was mistaken 
33 Poised for action 
38 Hair·styling product 
37 Understand 
41 Called 
44 Pain dispensers 
48 Asian frying pan 
51 Graphic artist. M.C. _ 
53 Show shock, e.g. 
55 Alcoves 
58 Small drinks 
57 Verifiable 
58 Convinced 
80 Hawaiian seaport 
81 Napoleon's isle of exile 
82 Potential plant 
85 Buck's mate 

ALCOHOL: 
What to do to help a 
binge drinker 

heart works harder to pump 
blood and can fail. The liver can 
also be severely damaged 
through alcohol abuse and get 
worn down from constantly fil· 
tering alcohol. 

In an age of sex, alcohol does 
not do much to help the prob· 
lem of spreading sexually trans-

Monday, January 24, 2000 

hoi within 30 days was 80.3. In 
1995, that percentage dropped 
to 74.5, according to "Binge 
Drinking." 

As far as doing anything 
about the problem, there are 
several different avenues to 
take. There is always the local 
chapter of Alcoholics Anony-
mous, a program that helps 
alcoholics sober up in a support-
ive, group atmosphere. 

There are also various sup-
port groups in the community 
that can help in the fight against 
alcohol abuse. mitted dis- _________ _ 

eases. Some 
STDs, such as 
AIDS and her-
pes, have no 
cure. AIDS can 
be fatal. The 
fact is that 
alcohol 
impairs judg-
ment and can 
lead to unpro-
tected sex. The 
Harvard study 
showed that 

In an age of sex) alcohol 
does not do much to help 
the problem of spreading 
sexually transmitted 
diseases ... The fact is that 
alcohol impairs 
judgement and can 

For many, 
the best way to 
get help is 

. through the 
support of 
friends or other 
people who 
can help. A 
trusted person 
or friend can 
remind some-
one about 
drinking limits 
and encourage lead to unprotected sex. 

frequent binge drinkers had an 
18 percent greater chance of 
having unprotected sex than 
non binger drinkers. This can 
lead to not only STOs but also 
pregnancy. 

IIqIport 
The good news on binge 

drinking is that it is declining 
on college campuses, slowly but 
surely. In 1985, the percentage 
of students who consumed alec-

him or her to 
slow down. Such a person may 
end up saving a life. 

For help on alcohol-related 
problems students are encour-
aged to contace Nancy Wahlig at 
the Student Safety Awareness 
program on campus. She can be 
reacned at 534-2230. 

Another on campus resource 
is the counseling department in 
the Psychological deparment on 
campus. These offices can be 
reached at 534-3755. 

Don't get around much anymore? 
Get the Guardian in your room, anytime. 

www.ucsdguardian.org 

GET PAID while you earn your 
Teaching Credential! COME VISIT 

Project 
Pipeline 

Teacher Credentialing Program 
NORTHERN CALIFORNIA 

Mathematics, Science. English, Liberal Arts, 
Foreign Language, and Physical Education Majors. " " 

YOU are invited to learn how to 
Earn Your Teaching 
Credential through 
a Paid Internship * 

*Full time, two-year teaching position with full pay and benefits 

Tuesday, January 25, 2000 
10:)0 a.DI. to 2:30 p.m. 
UCSD Multicultural Job Fair 

Library Walk 
For more information: 

(916)914-8633 
Visit our website: www.projectpipeline.org 

In La Jolla Village at: 
8657 Villa La Jolla Dr. 

OPEN 24 HOURS 
We accept Pacific Care, Medi-Cal, California Blue 

Cross, PeS, PAID and Most Major Insurances. 
We now acc:qlt Health Net & elIDa Insurance. 

Now there's something new from the store that's first--It's the ne.w Ralphs Pbannacy. 
But it's more than just a Pharmacy, it's a place to get priwle consultations as well as fill 
your prescription needs. We have extended hours for picking up your prescriptions when 
you need them. Now, Ralphs is o.I.th&! 
truly the one stop for aU your ...,-IP a.tJI 1----... 
shopping needs. New or Transferred 

Transfer Your Ph Pr· t· , Prescription With ann~ escnp Ions. 
~=,=~~ $(~'" &s.lldMo,.",,..o,,",J O~ 
call and we'll do the rest. Your '" 
satisfaction is our standard of OFF 0g 
vice. Come in and meet our staff, 
they would like to personally c:;. -g 
invite )00 to come visit our 
pJwmacy and become a part of 
the Ralphs Family. 

Monday, Jauuary 24, 2000 

MARCH: 
Tournament will 
be entertaining 
Codl b1 ............ " 
therefore schedules a bunch of 
pancake tearns at the begin-
ning of the season for his team 
to whoop on. 

I promise that Syracuse will 
be gone after the third round 
of the tournament. Outside of 
one Final-Four appearance 
four years ago, Boheim's 
teams have not done anything 
in the tournament in the last 12 
years. 

Of course there are plenty 
of good teams in the NCAA 
field this year, as there are 
every year, but there is no 
clear- cut favorite . We have 
not, and will not see a team 
run away with the No. 1 
ranking this year like Duke 
did last year or like UNLV 
did in 1991. Those teams both 
held the No. 1 ranking all 
year. They both also lost in 
the tournament, showing that 
there is never a sure thing 
when it comes to college bas-
ketball. 

What does it all mean? It 
meAns some awesome action 
in a few months. Parody in the 
NCAA rules. 

HOOPS: 
Women take streak 
on the road Thesday 
C .... ued".. ..... " 
seem to be concerned: 

"We push the ball up a lot and 
we get up tempo," said the coach. 
"1 learned a long time ago, If you 
worry too much about turnovers, 
the team will back off on trying to 
make things happen." 

UCSD continued its winning 
ways on Saturday as it beat the 
Masters, but it was not as easy as 
UCSD is accustomed to. 

The Tritons took a 31-26 lead 
into halftime, but the two tearns 
played evenly for the second half 
and UCSD came away with the 
71-66 win. 

For UCSD, Neal scored 17, 
had seven rebounds and added 
three steals, while teammate 
Misawa scored 13. Nicholle 
Bromley chipped in with 11 
points for the Tritons and 
grabbed five rebounds. Kokjohn 
cleaned the glass with nine 
boards while also contributing 
five points to the Triton's cause. 

The Mustangs had a number 
of starts and were led by Lesley 
DuBois, who earned her ninth 
double-double of the year by 
scoring 18 points and pulling 
down 11 rebounds. 

The UCSD Guardian 

Other contributors for the 
Mustangs were Melynda 
McNicol and Karen Gormley, 
who' each scored 12 and dished 
out seven assists, and Sara 
Scheffer added 10 points. 

The Mustangs' improved play 
in the second half can be attributed 
to better ·free throw shooting. In 
the first half the Mustangs made 
five of 10 free throws and connect-
ed on 13 of 14 in the second half. 

UCSD was out-rebounded 39-
38, but the Triton defense came 
through, as always, forcing 22 
Mustang turnovers. 

"We have our full squad 
back," Misawa said, "Everyone is 
playing well. We're giving 100 
percent in every game." 

UCSD still had some prob-
lems holding onto the ball,· 
totalling 14 turnovers in all. This 
was a step in the right direction 
considering the 21 it committed 
the night before. Malone and her 
staff will live with turnovers as 
long as her team keeps pushing 
the envelope. 

"We're back," Malone added, 
"but we're still working on a few 
thin ." ~e Tritons head back into 
Action on Tuesday when they host 
Pomona-Pitzer at 6 p.m. RIMAC 
Arena should be bumping as the 
Tritons try and stretch their win-
ning streak to seven, so get out 
there and join in the fun. 

SPORTS 15 

Explore Your 
Career Options! 

Are you undeclared or unsure about your 
CAREER PLANS? 
Need to explore different 
CAREER OPTIONS? 
Want to learn more about specific 
OCCUPATIONS? 
Don't miss these eXCiting panels and workshops at the 
CAREER SERVICES CENTER 
• • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • 

Career Exploration 
Panels 
Co-sponsored by the UCSD Alumni Association, each 
panel presentation features distinguished career 
professionals and/or graduate school representatives. 

WId. JAN. 26 
..... JAN.31 
lioii. FEB. 7 
... FEB.9-

TIIIr. FEB. 10 

Your Career in Sales & Marketing 

Your Career in Operations Research 

The Study and Practice of Architecture 

Consenting Adults: Careerw.nd Graduate 
Education 

Working with Animals: Conservation 
Biology and Ecology 

, .... FEB. 15 Work Opportunities with Non-Profit 
Organizations 

TIIIr. FEB. 24 The Coolest Jobs in Sports: Behind the 
Scenes Careers 

lion. FEB. 28 Chemical Engineering: Careers and 
Graduate Study 

WId. MAR. 1 Careers in Finance 
fri. MAR. 3 Dental School and Careers in Dentistry 

.11 held lit 2:30pm at the 
Career Service. Center 

••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

Identifying 'our" 
Career In ••• 
Attend these workshops to assess your values and skills, 
determine what jobs are a good match for you and get 
info on 15 different occupations in each' area. 

Business Moll ....... 31, 11:30-1 
Occupations include Management Consultant, Accountant, Marlleting Rep, 
HR Rep, Int'l Trade Specialist, Securities Broker, and more. 

Human Services 
Occupations in Education Law, Human Resources, Mental Health, Social 
Work and more. 

Life Sciences & Health Moll ....... 31, 11:»1 
Occupations Include Biological Researcher, Dentist, Nurse Practloner, 
Nutritionist, Pharmacist, Physician ASSistant, Physical Therapist and others. 

Arts & Communication FrI. F .... 4, 11:30-1 
Occupations to be covered: Multimedia Developer, Film(TV Producer, Editorl 
Publisher, PR Rep, Architect, Non-Action Writer, Commercial Artist. 

ER 
RVICES CENTER 

www-csc.ucsd.edu 
(_)534-3710 



16 SPORTS 

...... -

..,-....... 
.., ...... 

.......... 
.......... 

hI. RoN 

""_ .... 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, January 24, 2000 

RealiQ 
Check Women's Streak Hits Six 
Bill Burger 
March should be 
fun this year 

I had to check two calen-
dars on Sunday morning 
when I checked the box scores 
from the night before. I could 
have sworn that March, and 
also March Madness, had 
arrived two months early. 

The first thing I saw was 
that the UCSD women's bas-
ketball team had rolled up 
another victory. That was not 
surprising to me at all. Maybe 
this was going to be just anoth-
er day of expected results in 
the world of college basket-
ball. 

Maybe not. 
ot one, not two, but five 

top-12 teams were sent to 
defeat on Saturday night. You 
usually have to wait until 
tournament time to see such 
results. 

Probably the biggest sur-
prise of the day "'as Missouri 
giving No. 8 Kansa an 81-59 
shellacking, its worse defeat in 
10 years. 

Next I saw that USC put a 
hurting on o. 2 Arizona 80-
72. Because of that win the 
Trojans, not the Wildcats or 
the Stanford Cardinal, are the 
only undefeated team in the · 
Pac-lO. 

Also falling on Saturday 
evening were No. 4 Auburn, 
No. 12 Oklahoma State and 

o. 11 Indiana. The Hoosiers 
were defeated on a touma-
ment-esque three-pointer off 
of the glass by Purdue's Jaraan 
Cornell who later told anyone 
that would listen, " It wasn't 
luck." 

All of these upsets are get-
ting me really psyched for 
March to come around. Heck, 
my 21st birthday is in two 
weeks, and still I am talking 
about is how cool the NCAA 
Tournament is going to be this 
year. 

One thing that is going to 
make this tournament better 
than in recent years is the lack 
of a few dominant teams. 

Cincinnati, the top-ranked 
team in the nation, has only 
been defeated one time and 
has looked like the most siom-
inant team this season. 
Unfortunately for the 
Bearcats, they are traditional 
tanks when it comes to March 
Madness. I would suspect 
that Bob Huggins and his 
crew will fold again when the 
games get big in a couple of 
months. 

Among the main con-
tenders, Stanford is the only 
one-loss team. This can surely 
be attributed to its weak 
schedule. Other than the 
game that the Cardinal 
played against Arizona, 
which Stanford lost, they 
have notllayed a team of 
merit an that will prove 
costly to them when tourna-
ment time rolls around. 

Another team that has ben-
efitted from a weak schedule 
thus far in the season is 
Syracuse. Jim Boheim is a 
strong believer that winning 
games adds confidence, and 

See MAIICII, Page 15 

DOMINANCE: The Masters College and UC Santa Cruz are latest to fall to striking Tritons 
By ROBERT RJLTON 
Associate Sports Editor 

The UCSD women's basket-
. ball team had a very successful 
experience this past weekend, 
coming out on top with two vic-
tories. 

The Tritons downed UC Santa 
Cruz 86-53 at home on Friday . 
before traveling to Santa 

Flores was the only star for the 
visitors, scoring 14. 

The Tritons were actually los-
ing the game at one point -
when Santa Cruz grabbed a 2-0 
lead after controlling the opening 
tip. 

Following that, it was all 
UCSD. 

The Tritons quickly grabbed a 
13-4 lead early and extend-

Clarita to defeat The ............ 
Master's 

ed that margin to 34-8. 
ltwas not 

the Triton 
offense that 
necessa r il y 
scored all 

College 71-
66. 

The home 
game on 
Friday evening was 
another he-hum night for 
the Tritons. Another game, anoth-
er 3O-point win. 

To the Tritons, who have won 
six games in a row and 11 of their 
last 12, including the contest 
against the Masters, the 33-point 
victory was nothing new. UCSD 
now sports a record of 14-4, earn-
ing its last five victories by an 
average point margin of more 
than 35. 

"We have a lot of weapons," 
Triton head coach Judy Malone 
said. "We can go inside. We can 
go outside. We have people who 
can shoot the three." 

The Tritons do indeed have 
long-distance threats, as it con-
nected on over 40 percent of its 
three point field goals in both of 
its games this weekend. 

UCSD had three players score 
in double-digits against UCSC. 
Natalie Beaver came off the bench 
to lead all scorers with 16 points, 
while teammate Kimberly Neal 
added 12 points and Ashley 
Kokjohn chipped in with 11 
points and 10 reboundS. 

Banana Slugs' guard Lilia 

the points. UCSD also 
had a stifling defense that 

created numerous opportunities 
all evening long. 

The Tritons held UCSC to just 
eight points with only five minutes 
left in the first half. It was only 
with a late spurt that the Banana 
Slugs went into halftime down 43-
20. 

"We work our butts off," 
Malone said. "We work so hard 
on defense to keep the other team 
from scoring." 

The Tritons garnered 15 steals 
and out-rebounded their oppo-
. nents 44-34. 

"Our defense has been working 
hard," said Triton guard Mindy 
Misawa, who finished the game 
with five points, two rebounds and 
two assists. "It helps our offense 
and we come up with wins." 

It was more of the same in the 
second half as UCSD gained its 
biggest lead at 81-44 before set-
tling for the 86-53 win. 

The only lull in the Tritons' 
performance . was their 21 
turnovers, but Malone does not 

See HOOPS, Page 15 

lIM Huff/au.nu.. 
AM tile r.t UCSO's· Marcl Ernsberger (34) goes up strong for a 
shot In Friday's 86-53 victory acalnst UC Santa Cruz. 

Volleyball Gets Turned Away by Trojans 
HURTING: The men of Troy prove to be too much as the UCSD falls to 1-4 on the season 
By BRIAN WELlES 
Associate Sports Editor 

If hustle and the ability to 
withstand and play closely up to 
par with a physically superior 
opponent could buy you a win, 
the Tritons would be undefeated 
right now. But unfortunately, it 
can't, and they aren't. 

The UCSD men's vol-
leyball team was faced 
with a tough 
task last 
Saturday at 
RIMAC arena, 
when the USC Trojans 
came into La Jolla and han-
dled the Tritons 15-6,15-7,15-13. 
The loss dropped UCSD's record 
to 1-4 on the young season. 

The Tritons possessed some 
volleyball showmanship, which 
at many times got the crowd of 
287 to its feet and even stomping 
on the floor for a few moments. 
However, for the second game in 
a row, it was the Tritons who took 
the stomping. 

The Trojans' ability to outblock 
UCSD's effensive attacks at the 
net, and their mastery of the 
Tritons' less agile and weaker 
defense at the net, ensured USC 
the victory. UCSD would find 
itself with many opportunities for 
points or for a sideout, but time 

and time again the Trojans were 
just one step ahead of the Tritons, 
thus ensuring their victory. 

UCSD struggled for sideouts, 
relying primarily on Trojan errors 
to regain momentum. When it 
did get ~me of this momentum, 
either USC's aforementioned 
strength or easy slam-dunk kills 
. would halt the Tritons in their 

tracks. 
After the first game, it 

was apparent to 
the Triton roach-
ing staff that 
UCSD was not 

executing like it had want-
ed to coming into the match. 

"We had read the scouting 
reports and it was no surprise 
what [USC) was going to do," 
Assistant Coach Kevin lUng said. 
"we just couldn't make our game 
plan work very well." 

Overall, the Tritons were out-
.played until the third game when 
Kevin Flynn, lack Hite and Chris 
Mortimer led a Triton defensive 
stand. DOnald Chen then culmi-
nated one of the most beautiful 
rallies of the game with a kill into 
the Trojan back court to make the 
score 5-4. This play only served to 
ignite the red and gold and USC 
pulled ahead 8-4 with some 
uncontested spikes. 

Later on, the already exhaust-

ed Tritons did not have the mus-- Unfortunately, the Tritons 
de to hit it past Brook Billings, waited until late in the third game 
who led uSC with 23 ki1ls, and to execute their blocking schemes 
Ryan Thurlow at the point of effectively. Their blocking tactics 
attack. Later in the game, the allowed the defense to react 
Trojan defense began to focus on according to where the opposing 
Chen primarily, making the other setter put the ball. 
Tritons beat them. "When we executed our b\ock-

The Trojans then beKan to gath- ing system well, H Ring said, "we 
er some momentum oT their own, got opportunities for swinp and 
spiking one to the ground in front scored points." 
of Chen and giving themaeIvea a The'Intons did just that late in 
9-4 lead. The score Quickly became the contest with a couple of 
11-4 when they placed a touch . points by lack Hite, who shared 
shot perfectly In between two San the lead with Chen in kills with 
Diego defenders who nearly col- 17. UCSD knoHed it at 13-13, but 
lided heads in pursuit of the ball. then USC ended the threat with a 

UCSD then started to gather a block on Zack Hite when the 
full head of steam. Chen ldlled it Trojans were serving, and put a 
to make the score 12-6. final nail in the coffin quickly 
Sophomore Jordan Hove and with a kill for the USC victory. 
Chen then teamed up for a block, Next the Tritons travel to 
on the left side of the net twice in . Riverside to play California 
a row and the Trojan lead shrank Baptist University on 
to 12-9. wednesday. 


