
uttle Gold Men Tennis Smash 
An in-depth analysis of this year s 
Oscar race and the stars and films 
hoping to be number one 

Both the women s and 
men s tennis teams recorded 
big wins earlier this week 

Circulation 
11,000 

UCSAN DIEGO 

,,".J: •••• ~I.'," ... 
Chi .... Premier'. 
COlll .... nts Aimed lit 
, ... _ ElectIon 

BEIJING - In a last-ditch 
effort to influence Taiwan's presj-
dential election, Prime Minister 
Zhu Rongji sajd Wednesday that 
the Chinese people were "willing 
to ·use all their blood" to prevent 
the island's independence. 

At the same time, he played 
down a recent Chinese policy 
paper that threatened military 
action against the island if it 
delayed indefinitely talks on 
reunification, saying, "There's 
nothing new in there." 

Taiwan, which holds its elec-
tion on Saturday, dominated 

See CHINA, page 7 

."l'I[.]fr!'.~liI"'I. .. 
Ioftw .. Billionaire 
P .... to Found GnUn. 
II"" EdIIC8tIon 

A 35-year-old software billion-
aire said Wednesday that he 
would spend $100 million to real-
ize his vision of 21st century 
rugher education: a giant free 
Web site that would provide 
access to what he calls the "10,000 
greatest minds of our time," in 
lectures and interviews recorded 
especially for the venture. 

Michael Saylor, the cruef exec-
utive of Microstrategy, a technol-
ogy company in northern 
Virginia, said in an interview that 
rus goal was "free education for 
everyone on earth, forever." He 

See --. Page 7 

.t( .... ct.~I.'," .. 
Alltl-AftlnMllYe ActIon 
IIIItIdYe to Be Decided 
." ....... eo..rt 

GAINESVILLE, Fla. 

Hiatus, page 9 Sports, page 20 

·T H E u c 5 D 

www.ucsdguardian.org 

David Pllz/ Guard/an 
~ Author Mara Vishniac Kohn shared her father's photographs of Jewish children during a 
slide show Monday night at the Institute of the Americas. 

Kolin Shows H~locaust Images 
PRESENTAtION: Author shared father's pre-World War IT photographs 

Staff Writer 

Author Mara Vishniac Kohn 
addressed the UCSD communi-
ty Monday rught while present-
ing her book and slides her 
fatner took of Jewish chlldren, 
most of whom were killed in 
the Holocaust. 

Kohn's book, Childmr of If 
Vtmished World, is based on the 
photographs taken by her 
father, Roman VtShniac. 

Kohn spoke about her father 
who, under extreme personal 
risk, traveled Eastern Europe 
and photographed traditional 
Jewish vinages and towns 

between the years of 1935 and 
1938 to bring attention to the 
plight of Jewish people. 

Kohn said she constructed 
her book around her father's 
photographs of chlldren. 

"The way the book came 
about is based on my father's 
photographs, and in this case, 
the f,hotographs of children 
that have known all my life," 
she said. 

Kohn said she became con-
cerned with the 'body count' of 
children lost in the Holocaust a 
few rears ago. , 

" became very unhappy 
with saying we have lost a mil-
lion and half children - it is 

too big of number when talking 
about children," she said. 

Kohn asked the audience to 
"trunk of a child you know, his 
jokes, his rruscruevous acts and 
his assumption about the world 
- that there will be a future for 
rum, Then think of thls child 
being killed a million and a half 
times over." 

Kohn said that she wanted 
her book to acknowledge the 
cruldren that did not live very 

. long after her father pho-
tographed them. 

"I wanted to recall them in a 
setting that they, the children, 

See KOlIN, Page 8 

Briefly· .. ··· · .. ·· .. .. · ...... .. ·P'C·2 
All Around Campus .... J!ICe 2 
Editorial ..... .. .... .. .. ...... P'C.4 
Album Reviews ......... ,.,. 10 
Club Sports ............. .. ,.,. 19 

Thursday 
March 16, 2000 

VOLUME 99, ISSUE 20 

TA Union 
Announces 
Walk..()ut 
LABOR: Teaching 
assistants will go on 
strike this Friday 
By VINCENT GRAGNANI 
News Editor 

Teaching assistants' unions 
across the UC system announced 
Monday that TAs will go on 
strike this Friday to protest 
allegedly unfai r labor prac tices 
by the university. 

"[The university) has 
increased its illega l action in 
recent weeks, so we must act 
now," sa id Beth Rayfield, UC 
Irvine teaching assistant and 
union bargaining team member. 
"Our member provide 60 per-
cent of undergraduate in truc-
tion, incl uding proctoring and 
grading finals. We know that 
withholding our services will 
have a critical impact on the qual-
ity of education, but we want to 
force [the university) to obey [its) 
legal obligations to us as a 
union." 

Last week, the TA unions filed 
over 40 unfair labor practice 
charges with the (alifornja Public 
Employment Relations Board. 
They charged the university with 
unilaterally changing workjng 
conditions, bargaining in bad 
faith, refusing to provide critical 
information, delaying bargaining 
and practicing regressive bar-
gaining. . 

Brad Hayward, a spokesper-
son for the university, said that 
while the university is still in the 
process of reviewing the charges, 
those that it has reviewed so far 
are false. 

"We have been reviewing the 
charges and what we've seen so 
far is that the major charges are 
absolutely innacurate," he said. 

See STRIU, Page 3 

Attorney General Bob 
Butterworth argued in front of 
the Florida Supreme Court last 
Monday that a proposed amend-
ment to end affirmative action in 
Florida is Nfundamentally 
flawed" and should be kept off 
the November ballot. 

The amendment would ban 
preferences based on sex, race, 
color, elhnicity or national origin 
at all levels of government. 

Professor Wigbert Wiederholt Passes Away at 68 
The amendment would not 

affect existing judicial orders or 
programs that need preferences 
to receive federa1 funding. 

See fLORIDA, page 3 

__ :nl.mnli~.n~ __ 

"We teach, we proctor 
exams, we grade. 
Undergraduates will be 
affected severely. " 

- C_IeR __ 
UCLA teaching assistant 

See story at right 

OBITUARY: Former neuroscience department chair researched neurodegeneratrive diseases 
IJAIJION_ 
Senior St.ff Writer 

Wigbert C. Wiederholt, for-
mer cMir of UCSD's department 
of neuroscience, died of cancer 
while at home last Thursday. He 
was 68 years old. 

"Dr. Wiederholt was a gifted 
clinician," said Leon ThaI, chair 
of the neuroscience department. 
"His insightful ness, energy, 
drive and-organization will sore-
ly be missed." 

Wiederholt came to UCSD as 
a professor of neuroscience in 
1972 and WdS an attending 
physician at the ucsb Medical 

Center and the Veterans Affairs 
Health System, San Diego. He 
served as chair of the depart-
ment of neuroscience from 1978 
to 1983 and from 1990 to 1993. 

After leaying his position as 
department chair in 1983, 
Wiederholt 'uecame a neuroepi-
demiologist and performed sem-
inal work to clarify the relation 
between Guillain-&rre and the 
swine flu vaccine. 

Wiederholt also conducted 
groundbreaking research on age-
related neurodegenerative dis-
eases. Since 1990, he had led a 
team of 35 Investigators 
researching Lytico-Bodig - a 

neurodegenerative disease com-
mon to Guam - with hopes of 
improving the medical profes-
sion's understanding of diseases 
such as Alzheimer's. 

David Bailey, interim vice 
chancellor for Health Sciences 
and dean, said he enjoyed work-
ing with Wiederholt., 

"I worked with rum as fellow 
chair of the department," he 
said. "I thought he had a dry wit. 
He was charming. He was a care-
ful thinker. He was very decisive 
and very creative." 

Bailey said that after retiring 
from his post as department 
chair, Wiederholt continued to 

work, but mostly from home. 
UCSD neuroscience Professor 

Justin Zivin remembered 
Wiederholt as a talented member 
of the UCSD community. 
. "His remarkable abilities as a 

clinician and researcher were 
matched by his spirited character 
and his sense of humor," he said. 

Zjvin also said that as the first 
clinician to chair UCSD's depart-
ment of neuroscience, 
Wiederholt was the driving force 
behind developments that hilve 
made UCSD's clinical neurology 
program one of the most success-

See OBITUARY, Page 8 



2 NEWS 

UCSD EVENTS 
TIIursda March 16 
Film: 'Toy Story 2' 
This film will be shown in the Price Center Theater at 7 p.m. and 10 
p.m. Admission for students is $2. For more information, call 822; 
2008. . 

Performing Arts: Music 
The UCSD Wind Ensemble, under the direction of Robert Zelickman, 
will perform in the Mandeville Auditorium at 8 p.m. Admission for 
students is $3. 

Performing Arts: Dance 
A winter dance concert will be held at 8 p.m. in the Mandell Weiss 
Theater. The program continues through March 19. Dance directors 
Margaret Marshall and Rincon will welcome faculty and guest chore-
ographers for an eclectic showca e Of dance pieces ranging from 
Cuban drumming to classic blues. The concert will be performed by 
students in the dance program. Admission for students is $5. For more 
information, call 534-4574. 

Saturda March 18 
Performing Arts: Music 
The La 10lla Symphony Orchestra will perform at 8 p.m. in the 
Mandeville Auditorium. The program will be conducted by Harvey 
Solberger and will include works by Ellington, Vivaldi, Beethoven 
and a new work by UCSD composer Martia Bolles. Guest artist 
lurgen Hubscher will play the lute. The program will be repeated at 3 
p.m. Sunday. Adm ission for students is $9. For more information, call 
534-4637. 

G uiilD IAN 
MARC COMlR • JUUA KUUA4ADIII 

£ditors in ChW 
LUNA SHANKAR 
Managing Editor 

BRIAN WILlIS 
Associate Sports Editor 

ALISON NORRIS 
OJpg Editor 

JESSICA ICHEJ'I'MAIIIIII 
Features Editor 

JENNIFER Sl'OSITO 
Assocwte OJpg Editor 

JOSH CtIOUK 
AsJociate Features Editor 

VINCENT GRAGNANI 
News Editor 

DAVID LEE 
Hiatus Editor 

BRENT DON 
Opinion Editor 

UNDSAY SWORIKI 
Associate Hiatus Editor 

WARD HAN 
Associate Opinion Editor 

WALT DICKINSON 
Design Editor 

Bill BURGER 
Sports Editor 

USA HUFF 
Photo Editor 

ROBERT FULTON 
Sports Editor 

NICK RUNCO 
Craphics Editor 

BRIAN WIKNER 
Web Editor 

RECRIIITM£NT C_DlNATOR 
Genevieve Cox 

EDITORIAL ASSISTANTS 
Matt Schradet'. Lauren Coarlr'oey. Scott Oobroskl 

SENIOR STAFF WIIITtRS 
Theodore Ookko. Jeremy Gray. Torn \\I. 0 .... Yen 

STj\fF WRITERS 
Sharron Castle. Berlrlll'ld Fan. Lily Korman. ~ra \Yetn,sc;h. Hamal> GrilfiIt1. 

M.I..,k. GarcoHY. Ale",. Oemy. Beth Amese. Lauren Coarlr'oey. Matt ~r. Pan ... _an. 
Scott OotJfoskl. Jane 11m. Rebecca v.ood '"IIT __ 

),n Donofrio. Oavtd Pia. Leo De, Step..nian. Ene lIIwrence. 
M,,"," Leurc, /omy Blumsack 

ILWITRATOIIS 
Kristine Chang. Amon FOVId. M ... Hsueh. Maysha Muhamedi. Josephine ROberlS 

DESlGN_ 
Ma"ssa Melnick. Nicole Alyeshmernl. T,ffaoy Ch,,,,, Andrew Quad". Charlie Tran 

COI'YREA_ 
Yoko Ilowa. Jeffrey WhIte 

WO DESIGNERS 
Sam Payne-Tlne'eff. Bradley Root 

COMI'UT£R SUI'I'OIIT 
Andrew Chantra 

PAMELA FRUGt 
Business Manager 

MIKE MARTINEZ MATT ROBERTS 
Advertising Art Director Adv.!rtising Manager 

YVETTE ALCALA 
Assistant Business Manager 

AOVERn5lNG ASSISTANT Joseph Lee 
5Al.ES REPR£s[NTATIVE Zonna Marquez 

ADVERTISING DESIGN .. LAYOUT 5I<y Frostenson. Katll Keenan .. Ca.ey Bu,tenhUYI 
CLASSIFlEOS ASSISTANT Cnst,na Villela. 

ClllCULAnOll ASSIsTANTS 
Jacob Meyberg, Carrte Everstlfle. Greg Emmannuel. Juhe Collen. 

V .. Fan Chin. John Greenwood. Chris Aesuras 

The UCSD Guardian IS pubftshe<J Mondays and Thu,sdays du"ne the acadelTltc year b\' and for 
the students Of UCSO. ReproductIOn of thIS newspaper ,iI'any form. whether In whoie or In 
part. w'thout perm,ssion Is stnctly proh'bited. 02000. allrllhts reserved . The UCSD Guardian 
IS not responSible for the return of unsoUclted manuscripts or art The YlewS expresse(j herem 
do not necessarily represent the Opintons of The UCSD GU3fdian, the UniverSity of California or 
the ASSOCIaled Students. The UCSD GUSI'd/an IS funded solely b\' advertlslna. 
Pamel •. hoOe your cornea iets better. 

News/Features: 534 5226. General Editorial: 53!1:-Ei581 
Opinion/Sports: 534-6582. Hiatus: 534-6583 
AdvertisIng Office: 534·3466. Fa", 534·7691 

e·mail : e(Jitorf#ucsdguardian.org 
Guardian Onl,ne: http://www.ucsc1guardian.org 

UCSD Guardian, 9500 Gilman Drive 0316, 
La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 

Actual location: Second ROOf. UCSD Student Center BUildIng ·A·. Rm . 217 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, March 16,2000 

ETCETERA 
""rE .N 

SCHOOL 
NOW. C.L"SS. W140 c.<otJ 
~~ '-1. THE PIIIt~& 
Of' IolMAT ~ HAilE 

L~AAoI5D TOOO'I'1? 
~ 

BRIEFLY 

Producer Seeking Hate-Crime Stories 
A documentary video is currently being produced 

as part of the UCSD Hate-Free Campus campaign. 
Gary Anderson, production coodinator of the docu-
mentary, is seeking people who have first-hand know~ 
edge of hate crimes or bias-motivated incidents that 
have occurred on campus. 

The Hate-Free Campus campaign is sponsored by 
the Student Affirmative Action and Human Relations 
Program in collaboration with the A.S. Council, the 
Cross-Cultural Center, the Office of Religious Affairs 
and other student service organizations. The cam-
paign provides educational sessions on the topic of 
hate crimes for the campus community and will host a 
Hate-Free Campus campaign proclamation event fea-
turing guest speaker Edward James Olmos on April 24 
at RiMAC Arena. 

Students with stories or information that may be of 
use can call Gary Anderson, production coordinator of 
the documentary, at 534-6591 or 534-6708. Updates 
on the Hate-Free Campus campaign are available at 
http://ugrB.UCSd.edu/equity 

Peace, cardoza, Honored .. UC 
'Laglstaton of the Year' 

State Sen. Steve Peace of EI Cajon and 
Assemblyman Dennis Cardoza of Merced were hon-
ored as · Legislators of the Year· Tuesday by the 
Alumni Associations of the University of California in 
recognition of their distinguished service and dedica-
tion to higher education in California. . 

The awards were presented at a breakfast meeting 
of UC alumni gathered in Sacramento for the AAUC's 
annual legislative conference. 

As chairman of the state Senate Budget 
Committee, Peace was recognized for his support of 
the university's efforts to . maintain higlHluality pro-
grams in a time of significant enrollment growth. 

Peace has led legislative efforts to maintain state 
support for the university's core budget and to provide 
increases for chronically underfunded needs such as 
deferred maintenance and instructional equipment. 
He has also called for a state budget that would allow 
the university to maintain its commitments under the 
Master Plan for Higher Education to admit and edu-

ADDENDUM 

cate all eligible students. 
He also authored SB 1896, a bill that includes a 5 

percent fee reduction for graduate academic stu-
dents, which mirrored a similar student fee cut for 
undergraduates. 

The Alumni Associations recognized Cardoza for his 
strong and Qr10ing support of the University of California 
and its operatire and capital budgets. Cardoza has been 
a leadire advocate of the University of California's 
Division of ~ulture and Natural Resources, and he 
provided important suppor t for legislative approval of a 
statewide education bond measure in 1998. 

Cardoza was also honored for his substantial efforts 
on behalf of UC Merced, which will be the university's 
first campus in the San Joaquin valley. Cardoza has 
played an important role in securing state funds for the 
development of UC Merced and for Merced County's 
plannire costs associated with the new campus. 

The AAUC presents its Legislator of the Year award 
annually to one member of the Senate and one mem-
ber of the Assembly. The AAUC governing board 
selects the award's recipients from campus nomina-
tions of state legislators who have been outstanding 
supporters of the University of California. 

Preu .. School SeekI ... Gently 
U~ Books to Aid City School. 

The Preuss School is collecting gently used books 
for San Diego City Schools. Preuss School students 
participating in the San Diego Middle School 
Challenge have a goal of collecting 1,000 books by 
March 31. 

Books can be dropped off in the blue ·San Diego 
READS· book bins located at the Preuss School and 
the UCSD Bookstore. The Preuss School is looking for 
books in good condition, with no torn or missing 
pages, no broken spil1es and no writing in them~ Either 
hardcover or paperback books are acceptable, and ref-
erence books should have a copyright date of 1992 or 
later. Books that do not meet the qualification criteria 
are gladly accepted and will be redistributed to chan-
ties. . 

For more information about the program, go to 
http://sandiegoreac1s.orgjindex.html 

In the March 9 front page photo, the caption stated that mayoral candidate Ron Roberts would 
face businessman Peter Q. Davis in the November election. Since then, more votes have been 
counted and Judge Dick Murphy is now in second place. He will face Roberts in November. 

Thursday, March 16,2000 

STRIKE: 
Hayward said union 
claims are innacurate 
ContInued froIn ..... 1 
"The do not constitute the basis 
for a strike. We have been negoti-
ating in good faith for an agree-
ment and we want to continue 
moving in that direction." 

Hayward said he believes .the 
claims of unfair labor practices 
were made by the union for the 
purpose of justifying a strike. 

He added that he does not feel 
that the TAs should strike. 

"As always, the univerSity 
believes that serious negotiations 
at the bargaining table are the 
way to reach a contract," he said . 
"A strike is in no one's best inter-
est." 

Connie Razza, a TA at UCLA 
and member of the union's bar-
gaining team, said the strike is 
intended to bring a quick resolu-
tion. 

"Our goal is to have the union 
comply with the laws as quickly 
as possible," she said. "Obviously 
PERB can rule on these charges, 
but we.want this resolved as soon 
as possible." 

She added that the university 

FLORIDA: 
UCSD also hosts 
many foreign students 
CowtI ..... ~ ..... l 

Butterworth said the amend-
ment violates constitutional 
requirements that amendments. 
pertain to a single subject an~ be 
writtE:n in "clear and unambl~­
ous language." 

"This particular issue is just so 

has failed to recognize that the 
relationship between administra-
tion and the TAs has changed. 

David Sworder, associate dean 
at the office of graduate sh:'dies 
and research, said he also believes 
that a strike is not the solution to 
problems at the bargaining table. 

"I think it's an unfortunate 
thing because finals w~k is c~~­
ing up and it makes thmgs dl~l­
cult," he said. "It makes bargam-
ing more difficult. I'm not happy 
about it." 

Razza said that undergradu-
ates will be affected by the strike 
but also added that the university 
needs to comply with the law. 

"We teach, we proctor exams, 
we grade," she said. 
"Undergraduates will be affected 
severely. Our goal has always been 
to avoid that situation. 1 think the 
university needs to take responsi-
bility for the fact that ~ are sa~­
ficing students' education by bemg 
committed to breaking the law." 

Literature Professor Beatrice 
Pita, who supervises TAs t~ch­
ing lower division Spanish htera-
ture classes, said she will be 
affected by the strike. 

" It is not humanly possible for 
me to do grading for final papers 
and exams for 450 students," she 
said. "I'd be grading until the 

expansive," Butterworth said. 
"This goes too far. It just does too 
much." 

Supporters of the amendment, 
led by California businessman 
Ward Connerly, have led a peti-
tion drive to put the measure on 
the ballot in November. 

They said voters would be 
able to understand the amend-
ment, as they did in California 
and Washington. Voters in both 
states passed similar amend-
ments. 

The UCSD Guardian 

next millennium." 
Pita added that even if she 

could grade papers and finals, it 
would be unfair for her to do so 
because she does not know the 
individual students. 

"It is not fair for someone 
unfamiliar with students' work to 
come in and grade the final exam, 
which is worth 25 percent of the 
grade," she said. . 

Pita said she is hoping for a 
quick resolution to the situation 
but will issue grades on a case-
by-case basis for studen~ who 
need their grades for special rea-
sons, such as study abroad. 

NEWS 3 

UC TAs went on strike at the 
end of fall quarter in 1999 to 
protest the university~s .re~1 to 
grant collective bargaining nghts. 
That strike was resolved after less 
than a week when both parties 
agreed to a 45-day cooling off 
period. Shortly afterward, PERB 
ruled that the university had to 
recognize the unions if a majority 
of TAs supported union represen-
tation; TAs voted in favor of 
union representation. While 
TAs at each campus are repre-
sented by a separate uni.on, all are 
affiliated with the Uruted Auto 
Workers. The university and the 
UAW have been negotiating a 
contract since last summer. 

l ' ", I' I "I I I (\ I I I I I I) \ \ I I I ( 

Supporters have already 
gathered at least 45,000 signa-
tures, however, they need a tot~ 
of 435,329 to put the measure on 
the ballot. 

\/,(,,,,,.:, \'/""'/ ,1//1111 

r 70 years of experience educating 
pT(l(tice-ready graduates • 

Part-time J.D. Pmgwns 
've Oinical and In.temship Opportunities 

• J.D. Certificate Program: Governmental Af£al 
• Coocemrations: Intellectual Propeny; Criminal 

Justice; Trial and A~ate Advocacy; 
International BusilleS$; Taxation 
~pplication recommended by May 15 

June LSAT resul considered 
Butterworth argued that in 

attempting to make such a funda-
mental change in so many opera-
tions and at so many levels of 
government, the am~ndment ~io­
fates the single-subject reqUire-
ment. • 

For inrortl)ation aNI application truUert.k, write, can or e-mail: 

- Independent Flor idil Alligator 

london ........ .. . $295 
Paris ...... ...... ... $398 
Amsterdam ..... . $486 
Tokyo .. ............ $529 

Admiss10m Of[ • VO'-McGeotge Sdrool of Law 
3200 Fifln Avenue • Sacramento, California 95817 

(916) 739-7105 • e-mail: adm' onsmcgeorge@Uop.edu 
website: www.mcgeorge.edu 

Athens ........... $531 Honolulu ....... $239 
Costa Rica ...... $486 Madrid .... ...... $494 
Sydney ........... $951 Florence ......... $S16 
Bali .. ..... ......... $599 Rio ............. ... $639 

UCSD Price Center (S5S) 452-0630 
(oun ci 110 jolla a\ (0 un cilt rov el.com www.counciltrovel.com 

VOLUNTEERS NEEDED flexible ~~~ interpreting • Volunteers are needed for a Research Drug Study. 
• All study related testing and study medications will be provided at no 

charge to qualified partiCipants. 

• Compensation up to $120 will be provided for qualified partiCipants. 

CALL:1 888 STUDY 88 
Radiant Research, Northern San Diego 

Warren w. Pleskow, M.D. 
Diplomatic American Board of Allergyllmmunology 

$243 a day, $135 a half day, $60,000 a year full time 
- that'. wbat you can u na court interpreting II you are Spanbh-£ngIlsh blUnpal. 
You caD work. lot or B little (fMIl IIIfW 01' ptUt-tJtrw to work yoMr .... y tJal'OM,II college). 

n.. South.rn California Sc:hooI 'J Inle."..lotoon has opened classes and a language lab 
in San Diego at 444 Camino Del Rio South in addition 10 Rivmide and Los Angeles Counties. 

81" of tile interpreters certified by tl'tStale in 1999 ",ere our students. 
Our pass rate for the State certification exams averages 65-750;0. 
940;. of our students passed the last Federal certification exams. 

Sc~''''''' CD/ifornia Scltoo/ol 
CaY (561) 863-0016 today /or details 



4 OPINION 

Editorials 
Editorial Board 

Ibn: C-, Editor in Chief , 
.... KIIII ..... r. Editor in Chief 

~ ........ , Managing Editor 
IreIIt Doll, Opinion Editor 

VIncent ......... News Editor 
AII_ Norrta, Copy Editor 

U .. Huff, Photo Editor 
The UCSD Guardran is published twICe a week at the University of canfomia, San Oteco. COtItents 
02000. VIeWS expressed here .... represe,. the ~Oflt)' vote of the editorial bOard. and we not 

nece ..... 1Iy those of the UC Board of Reaents. the ASUCSO. nor the en'" eu.m.." staff. 

O.A.S.I.S. and Summer Bridge 
Warrant Permanent Funding 

If the administration wants to increase diversity 
on this campus, it should permanently increase 
funding to the Office of Academic Support and 
Instructional Services and the Summer Bridge pro-
grams. Both programs have played an important 
role in helping underrepresented minorities at 
UCSD, but the future of funding for both is uncer-
tain. 

The Summer Bridge program, which brings stu-
dents to UCSD the _ summer -before they begin as 
full -time ' stuaents so they can get an early start, 
helps the university retain underrepresented minori-

. ties. The program, however, is funded on a tempo-
rary basis. Last year, the student subcommittee of 
the Diversity Counci I called upon Chancellor 
Robert Dynes to establish permanent funds for 
Summer Bridge. The Guardian feels that the estab-
lishment of such funds is of utmost importance. 

The Guardian believes that Summer Bridge is an 
important program, as it serves those students 
whom the university wants to retain .' Dynes stated 
that the use of temporary funds does not make the 
program temporary. He also stated that Vice 
Chancellor Jo eph Watson is committed to increas-
ing funding for programs that increase grades and 
test scores for underrepresented minorities. These 
statement, howeveT, are vague. As the self-appolnt-
ed chief diversity officer of this campus. Dynes 
should see to it that the Summer Bridge program 
receives permanent funding. 

In addition, the student subcommittee of the 
Diversity Council called for increased funding for 
O.A.S.LS ., which also contributes to the retention 
of underrepresented minorities through its pro-
grams to help students academicalJy. The subcom-
mittee recommended a $70,000 increase in fund-
ing in order to begin offering additional tutoring 
services. 

The Guardian thinks that both O.A.S.I.S . and 
Summer Bridge are valuable programs and that 
both Dynes and Watson need to establish adequate 
funding on a permanent basis for both of these 
important programs in order to promote increased 
diversity at UCSD. 

Props and Flops-
Kudos to Pope John Paul II's sweeping apolo-~ 

gies for the sins of the Catholic Church during 
Sunday's reconciliation mass. ". 

J 

-:j. Thumbs up to St. Patrick and his never-ending ~. struggle against those dastardly snakes. This next 
..' . pint of Guinness is for you, Patty. 

• 

Thumbs down to both parties for failing to 
avoid yet another TA strike. In order to help 
alleviate any problems, we suggest that all UCSD 
students be permitted to grade their own finals. 

Congratulations to Judge Dick Murphy, who is 
now officially the second candidate for San 
Diego's mayoral race after edging out third run-
ner- up Peter Q. Davis by a scant I 69. votes. 

Huzzah 10 spring break . We can practically feel ~ 
the Mexican sun on our faces and the ice cold ... . .' 
cervew in our hand already. 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, March 16,2000 

PINION 

California Seeks to Silence 
Death ~enalty Campaign 

COMMENTARY:' State Assembly seeks to censor ads about capital puni hment 
By BRENT DON 
Opinion Editor 

In January, Italian clothing manu-
facturer Benetton Group initiated an 
unusual advertising campaign. The 
ads included interviews - conducted 
by free-lance journalist Ken Shulman 
and featuring the work of photogra-
pher Oliviero Toscani - with 
American inmates currently on death 
row. The campaign was intended to 
spark public interest in the debate 
over the death penalty. Italy is 
opposed to the death penalty and has 
urged other countries to re-evaluate 
their laws on capital punishment. 

One thing the campaign succeed-
ed in is sparking a heated controver-
sy over the ads themselves. Various 
groups expressed outrage toward 
the ads; the state of Missouri sued 
the company after seeing the ads, 
claiming they were misled as to the 
purpose of the interviews. Sears, 
Roebuck and Co. discontinued car-
rying the company's product lines. 

On Monday, California's state 
Assembly approved resolution 
AJRSO, urging state residents to boy-
cott the company in retaliation for 
the ads. The resolution will now go 
before the state Senate. 

The California resolution is a dis-
turbing affront to free speech. 
Supporters of the measure in the 
Assembly (where it passed 59-8) 
claim the company is trying to capi-
talize on the image of convicted 
killers to sell its clothing. 

This argument is contemptibly 
ignorant of the reality of the situa-
tion. Benetton has a history of run-
ning advertising campaigns that 
have focused on similarly controver-
sial social issues including war, 
AIDS and racism. 

Apparently the California 
Assembly is too close-minded to 
consider the possibility that an 
advertising campaign can have a 
goal other than to promote a prod-
uct. As such, it has come to the ludi-
crous conclusion that Benetton must 
be trying to glamorize convicted 

murderers in order to sell its cloth-
ing. The real message is far Simpler 
than this contrived theory. The real 
purpose of the campaign is exactly 
what the company says it is: To put a 
human face on the death penalty 
and make people realize that the 
debate over executing human beings 
is not an abstract or irrelevant topic. 

Opponents of the ads have con-
sistently distorted the nature of the 
campaign. They merely focus on the 
presence of the convicted murderers 

At worst, the Assembly's 
actions can be interpreted 
as an attempt to suppress 
the message of those who 
oppose the state 
government)s support of 
• the death penalty. 

(som.e who still proclaim their inno-
cence) in a clothing advertisement. 
They do not mention the political 
agenda involved because they real-
ize that this makes the issue one of 
free speech, wherein they have no 
right to impose on the company's 
advertisements. 

The ads make no attempt to seek 
the endorsement of the convicts. The 
convicts featured in the ads talk 
about their in prison. They talk 
about missing their farnilies. They 
talk about what went wrong in their 
lives. They talk about being afraid to 
die. Not once do they talk about 
clothing. 

The California Assembly's reac-
tion can at best be described as a 
misguided effort to try to dissuade 
the public from idealizing the crimi-
nal lifestyle. Given the actual nature 
of the advertisements and their con-
tent, this interpretation of the ads is 
gravely erroneous. One must won-
der if the members of the Assembly 
have even seen the ads themselves. 

At worst, the Assembly's actions 
can be interpreted as an attempt to 

suppress the message of those who 
oppose the state government's sup-
port of the death penalty. Because the 
Assembly has no authority to actually 
ban these advertisements, it most 
resort to a resolution such as this, 
beseeching Californians to boycott the 
company. I sincerely hope that 
Californians will take the time to see 
beyond the petty and misguided 
opinions of the Assembly and will 
continue to make informed and per-
sonal decisions on which companies 
they choose to support. If indifliduals 
make the deCision not to support a 
company because of their political 
beliefs, that is their prerogative, but 
governments should not become 
involved in trying to restrict ideologi-
cal discussions. 

In a world where companies too 
often seem distant and unconcerned 
with society, Benetton has elected to 
voice its opinion on a controversial 
social issue. If consumers are 
'inlpressed by the fact that a compa-
ny actually stands for something, 
that it actually makes an effort to 
demonstrate a socially conscious 
ideology, they may be inclined to 
support the companj by buying 
their products. There is nothing 
wrong with that. But there is some-
thing wrong with trying to silence. 
the voices of such companies. 

I am not personally in favor of 
rescinding the death penalty - I 
think that in some instances capital 
punishment may be the only viable 
solution. I am not even in favor of 
Blmetton's clothing - it is a little too 
preppy for my taste. However, I am 
in favor of freedom of speech, and I 
am definitely not in favor of state-
sponsored campaigns of censorship. 

It is a curious world where cloth-
ing manufacturers spend their adver-
tising money trying to promote a 
public discussion of important social 
issues like the death penalty while 
elected government offiCIals spend 
their time trying to suppress ddver-
til.ements they find offensive. Curious 
- but not very heartening. 

letterS@lIcsdgtlardioll .org 

Thursday, March 16, 2000 The UCSD tJuantian 

College Often Separates Old Friends 
COMMENTARY: Friends from high school drift apart after graduation 
By DIYfA RUNCHAL 
Columnist 

They called us the three mus-
keteers. "Us" consisted of me, 
my left-wing hairy friend and a 
wanna-be Brit whose love for 
the United Kingdom briefly won 
her over to the Spice Girls craze. 
We were an eclectic bunch that 
pulled pranks on our high 
school administration and stuck 
together. We weren't exactly a 
clique since anyone who 
actually believed conspiracy 
theories was welcomed 
wholeheartedly into our 
rather close-knit group . 

Then we went to college . 
Suddenly, the three of us were 
transported to different parts of 
the state, subjected to different 
living conditions and began 
experiencing things separately 
rather than together. 

That's when my hell began. 
I was always under the 

impression that the friends I 
made in high school would watch 
me graduate from college, see me 
off on my .wedding day (although 
with my nonexistent love life that 
seems a little far in the future) 
and be there at my deathbed. All 
right, maybe that is a tad dramat-
ic, but when you're 18, you're a 

bit naive - you think your best we did . However, the cama-
friends will continue to be your raderie that had developed 
best friends no matter what hap- among us slowly diminished . 
pens. We were meeting new people, 

That's why our separation is discovering ne~ tastes and 
still pretty painful to me. I don't learning that our growing dis-
know how it happened or when tance from each other was not a 
it began, but all of us changed. temporary one, but a permanent 
Before, we all had a common one. 
motive: To make it through a Then, to make matters worse, 
strict Catholic school without conflicts arose among the group 
going insane, or to at least die where they shouldn't have. It 

O took too long and it was too -- PINI 0 N-- hard for people to apologize, G which only made us grow O LUMN further and further apart. I suppose that's one reason 
trying. 

Now, we were all doing dif-
ferent things: I was involved in 
settling into living with four 
strangers in a cramped apart-
ment, my hairy friend was deal-
ing with living at home, while 
my other friend was dealing 
with dorm life. 

I soon noticed that we no 
longer shared a common bond. 
Our Catholic school was no 
longer a place for us to gleefully 
cause mischief, and we were 
separated by hundreds of miles. 
In the beginning, we called each 
other and promised we would 
meet on the weekends, which 

why I didn't want to go to 
college. Intuitively, I was kight-
ened by the possibility of not 
having that comfort zone to fall 
back on when I was scared, sad 
or deluged with a multitude of 
emotions. I was afraid the three 
musketeers would be forced to 
disband, leaving only three lone 
rangers in its wake. 

That's what happened . It's 
weird how much relationships 
can .change in a manner of 
weeks, even days. Although I 
know we had to grow ur and 
lead our own lives, I'm stil won-
dering why we couldn't do it 
together. 

ietterS@ucsdguardian .org 

Loss of Loved One Begets Introspection 
COMMENTARY: Although painful, death forces us to examine our lives 
By ANGELA CARRIER 
Columnist 

"Haw long does a man iiVI' after all? 
-Does Ire live Q thollSQlld days, or one 
only?" 

same experience and felt the same with a deeper understanding ClIId 
emotions: The lack of under- appreciation for life. 
standing in the beginning ... how Although the death of my 
the reality of it hasn't se~in yet. grandmother affected me greatly, 
Then comes the questioning and my consolation is the knowledge 
frustration with why it had to be that she is in a better place. She 
this person who suffered. Why has escaped from her iIlness-rid-

I came across this passage must this person endure such den body and no longer feels the 
from Pablo Neruda's poem "Y mental and physical torture? excruciating pain she once suf-
CI/Ol1to Vive?" quite aCcidentally Finally, there is the inevitable fered . She was a woman of 
the other day and it spoke 0 exceptional faith and devo-
directly to my present emo- --- PINI 0 N-- tion, and I know she is now in 
tions. It spoke to me because G heaven dancing with the 
my grandmother passed away 0 LUMN angels. 
last Friday and the concept of Soon the time of mourning 
death has pervaded my ------------- will come to an end, and will 
thoughts for the last few days. result of death. tum to memories of her life - the 

Losing someone close to you is We all will eventually come to joy of remembering the smiles, the 
not a simple process. Especially this point. The manner in which laughter and the happiness that 
when that person's death looms we five our lives should reflect she brought to those around her. 
as an uncontrollable cancer the realization of this prospect. These memories will replace the 
creeps through his or her body, Live life to the fullest . Enjoy each agonizing thoughts of the death, 
deteriorating it a little more every moment and don't pass up becoming a daify form of encour-
day. The knowledge that his or chances that may never come agement. 
her death is near is heart-wrench- again. In practice, however, this Taking this all into considera-
ing - even more so when the vic- view often fades and we return to tion, I am reminded of a line in 
tim is aware of his or her state. our mundane existences, but we the movie "Braveheart" -

I know I am not alone in this don' t have to. We are in control of "Every man dies, not every man 
experience. There are many oth- how we live. It is my choice to really lives." 
ers who have gone through this move on from this experience ietterS@ucsdgtUlrdian.org 

Ballpark Better Have Bathrooms 
COMMENTARY: Waiting for the rest rooms at games ruins all the fun 
By CASSANDRA PIERCE 
Columnist 

There are so many issues sur-
rounding the plan for San Diego's 
new stadium. Who's paying for 
it? Why do we need one? 

What I want to know is, why 
don't I get to vote on it? 

Only residents of the City of 
San Diego have any initiatives 
related to ·the stadium on their 
ballots. Those of us living in the 
suburbs, however, are going to be 
just as affected by it. I live about 
15 miles away from the stadium 
- a shorter distance than my 
commute to UCSD. Not allowing 
me to vote on the stadium's exis-
tence is like saying I shouldn't be 
allowed to vote on campus issues 
just because I'm a commuter; it is 
highly unfair. 

That, hf')wever, is not my main 
proble,?, with the way the ball-

park issue is being treated by the 
ballpark authority. I don't under-
stand why people find it neces-
sary to vote on the topic of con-
structing a stadium again when it 
has already been voted on and 
decided. Perhaps I'm just not into 
politicS enough, but I figure that a 
"yes" vote means "yes." In truth, 
the central, underlying ballpark 
issue that plagues all of us - sub-
urbanites and city-dwellers alike 
- is that of women's bathrooms. 
. Picture this: You're standing in 
line for the bathroom at a baseball 
stadium. You can't even see the 
front - it's far off in the distance 
and too many people are in your 
way. You may stand · there for 
minutes, for hours ... and your 
boyfriend, husband, son or male 
friend remains in his seat watch-
ing the game. People wonder 
why women rarely get into sports 
as much as men do; I have a feel-

ing the root of the problem is the 
lack of bathroom facilities in sta-
diums. 

I have no burning desire to 
pay a large amount of my hard-
earned money to spend the first 
half of a game peering through 
binoculars at men either hitting 
things with sticks or leaping on 
top of one another (not that I 
mind the idea) and the second 
half waiting in line for ages to do 
something that should only take a 
few minutes. 

I'd also rather not pay $5 for a 
hot dog when I can buy a pack of 
them for 99 cents at Albertson's. I 
could even invite some friends 
over (for (ree) and watch the 
game on television (something I 
have to pay for anyway) in the 
privacy of my own home with the 
comfort of my own bathrooms. At 

See MCILIMS, Page 6 

OPINION 5 



6 OPINION The UCSD Guardian Thursday, March 16,2000 

Many Women Perpetuate Society's Obsession With Physical Appearances 
COMMENTARY: Although females often complain about being judged for their looks, they often contribute to the problem 
=By~K~IM.,..,:-HOO-,--,--P--"E,-R ______ not advocating the hippie look 
Staff Writer - that peculiar skin tone that 

shapely legs or her silky hair. 
They resent her without even 
knowing her. Then they call a 
man a jerk because he acted like 
he was only talking to them 
because of their cleavage-reveal-
ing shirts. 

judge thell" 
Granted, we live in a SOciety 

that sends the message that 
appearance is all-important. We 
are bombarded with images of 
Claudia Schiffer, Brad Pitt and 
others labeled as sex symbols. 
We are told that these people are 
beautiful and somehow superi-
or. However, though I may have 
pictures of Calvin Klein models 

I hear it on a daily basis - the 
voices of women desecrating 
themselves, criticizing their bod-
ies, cursing their hips, lamenting 
that second helping last night at 
dinner. I do not want to join in 
their petty conversations about 
calories or express empathy 
about their hatred of their thighs. 
All I really want to do is slap 
them upside the head and tell 
them to shut up. 

Women like to say that they 
do not want to be judged by 
their physical attributes, that 
they want to be appreciated for 
their brains, their personality, 
their inner beauty. Many of these 
same women spend half of their 
lives primping and complaining 
about every little imperfection in 
their physique. They walk by car 
windows to catch a glimpse of 
their reflection and fix their. 
apparently disastrous flaws . 
After paying all of this attention 
to achieving the right look, they 
have the gall to consider it an 
insult to be called superficial. 

There is nothing wrong with 
wanhng to look your best. I'm 

results from not showering for a 
week, accompanied by greasy 
hair. I'm not even saying that 
women should not wear make-
up or curl their hair if that 
makes them feel pretty and self-
assured. All I'm saying is that 
many women are giving our 
gender a bad name with the per-

Some women perpetrate this 
walking contradiction, placing 
so much of their own value on 
appearance while irrationally 

Psychologists from the College of WilliR-m R-nd MR-ry did R- study in which 
volunteers rR-ted their body imR-ge R-nd then kept R- diR-ry of interR-ctions with 
people of both the SR-me R-nd opposite sex. The stR-rtling discovery WR-S thR-t body 
imR-ge did not chR-nge the WR-y people behR-ved. The enjoyment they found in 
sociR-l interR-ctions were unrelR-ud to body imR-geJ R-nd body imR-ge hR-d very 
little to do with how responsive others were to the volunteers. 
pet~ation of the idea that 
women are only what they look 
like. 

We like to blame men for being 
superficial pigs, but in my opin-
ion, women are the most superfi-
cial creatures of all. Women can 
spend an entire lunch hour chat-
ting about Tae Bo while they pick 
at their pathetic salads. They gos-
sip about the one girl they envy 
because of her perfect skin or her 

expecting others not to do so. 
I'm tempted to follow these 
women around with a tape 
recorder so they can hear them-
selves. Perhaps then they would 
realize what a ridiculous 
amount of their lives they dedF 
cate to their appearance. Maybe 
then they would see that the 
idea of appearance being all-
important is in their heads and is 
cont.ributing to the way others 

on my "wall 0' men" and my 
male friends have Playboy bun-
nies on their ceilings, these 
images are based on fantasy. In 
reality, one's physical appear-
ance makes little difference in 
social interactions. If women 
would realize this and talk about 
politics or art or something other 
than their rear ends, maybe we 
could live our lives free of this 
burden of superficiality. 

!a executrade e; online.com , 
Open An 'Account Today! 

O(\\~ $8 * 
per trade 

Why Should you Choose ExecuTradeOnline.com? · 
Low Commissions 
Free Real Time Quotes 

Coming Soon: 
- Direct Access Trading 
- After Hours Trading 
- Training Classes 
- Mutual Funds 

Choice of Trading Platforms 
Local Customer Service 

Refer a friend who 
opens an account 

and receive a 
$50 

commission credit 

Trade your way, Right away! TM 
www.executradeonline.com 

11545 West Bernardo Court, Suite 101 
San Diego, CA 92127-1630 

Toll Free (877) 451-1466 Fax (858) 451-1998 
... Speclsllntroductory rste, visit www_executradeonllne.com for detslls 

ExecuTrsdeOnllne.com Is an ExecuTrade, Inc. company 
A member of the NASD and SIPC 

• 

As published in the Journal of 
Personality, psychologists from 
the College of William and Mary 
did a study in which volunteers 
rated their body image and then 
kept a diary of interactions with 
people of both the same and 
opposite sex. The startling dis-
covery was that body image did 
not change the way people 
behaved. The enjoyment they 
found in social interactions were 
unrelated to body image, and 
body image had very little to do 
with how responsive others 
were to the volunteers. 

So, as corny as it sounds, pe0-
ple really do not care about what 
you look like, but they do care 
about who you are. Women who 
define themselves by their 
appearance will in turn be 

defjn~ by others that way as 
well, thus continuing the myth 
that appearance is a determining 
factor in social situations and life 
in general. 

So, to all of the women out 
there who yap incessantly about 
waistlines or diet regimens, pipe 
down so the rest of us can be 
judged for who we are and not 
what we look like. 

letterS@lIcsdguardiall .org 

FACILITIES: 
Inadequate facilities 
ruin sports experience 
c.tII ..... froIIt ...... 
comfort of my own bathrooms. At 
home, you get what amounts to a 
front-row seat, shelter from the 
elements and even play-by-play 
commentary on what the players 
are doing (not that you need it 
now that you can see them on 
your screen with the unaided 
eye). 

I know what you're thinking: 
It's rather hard to do the wave 
indoors with five people. I will 
admit tha t there's a certain 
something missing when you're 
distanced from the game by 
some coaxial cable. As they say, 
those $5 hot dogs taste better a t a 
ball game. Plus, your friends 
will rook at you funny if you 
have one of those "#1" hands on . 
in your living room or if you 
stand on your couch and wave a 
pennant every time your 
favorite team knocks a home 
run. I have met some fascinating 
people at ball games, and that's 
not something that will happen 
in my house. 

However, very few people are 
in the mood for conversation 
when they are waiting in a long 
line to use the rest room. If the 
ballpark is to have any hope of 
being supported once it is fin-
ished, it better have adequate 
facilihes for the female fans. 

ittterS@Ucsdguardian.org 

READ THE 
. GUARDIAN 

MONDAY 
& 

THURSDAY 

Thursday, March 16,2000 The UCSD Guardian NEWS 7 

Milosevic Calls for U.N. Withdrawal CHINA: presidential candidate whose opposition Democratic 
Progressive Party has advocated 
formal independence in the past, 
although Chen has moderated 
that position in this election. In 
recent days, Chinese officials and 
Communist Party newspapers 
have lobbed numerous attacks at 
Chen, saying he is "tricking" the 
Taiwanese and still at heart "a 
separatist." 

KOSOVSKA-MITROVICA, 
Yugoslavia - As fresh violence 
erupted in this divided dty on 
Wednesday, President Slobodan 
Milosevic of Yugoslavia accused 
the United Nations of aiding 
Albanian terrorism and said it 
should end its mission in Kosovo 
and hand control back to Yugoslav 
military and police forces. 

"Instead of using their author-
ity and impartiality to restrain ter-
rorist gangs of Albanian extrem-
ists, we face the situation in which 
the terrorism is taking place 
under their auspices, and even 
being financed by United Nations 
means," Agence France-Presse 
quoted Milosevic as saying. 

Milosevic made his comments 
as elections in Serbia appear 
increasingly likely and as NATO 

ONLINE: 
Say lor said to be 
worth $11.7 billion 
c .... Hld "... ,...1 
envisions his institution eventual-
ly granting degrees in countless 
disciplines, based on final exams 
that would be administered once 
a month in convention halls 
around the world. 

Saylor is an unabashed self-
promoter, but he is worth enough 
money on paper - $11.7 billion at 
the close of stock trading 
Wednesday - to make it difficult 
to 'immediately dismiss his idea, 
however randiose. 

Saylor s donation, which he 
intends to make in the form of 

announced the arrival of more 
than 1,000 additional troops in 
Kosovo to buttress its forces. 

Milosevic spoke at a meeting 
with top Yugoslav military offi-
cials, including Defense Minister 
Dragoljub Ojdanovic and the 
chief of staff, Gen. Nebojsa 
Pavkovic, the state news agency, 
Tanjug, reported. 

As he spoke, NATO said it 
would add two battalions, 700 
French and 400 Italian troops, to 
reinforce the security forces in 
this northern Kosovo city that 
has been the scene of the most 
serious violence for six weeks. 

Renewed violence broke out 
Wednesday as French troops tried 
to set up a secure zone around one 
of the bridges that divide the dty 
and ordered the self-appointed 

~r!"[.]~F!'.~I:a" '1: 
cash and stock to his foundation, 
comes at a time when almost 
every American university is 
developing online offerings of its 
courses. But Saylor'S effort would 
take online education a step fur-
ther, undermining a university's 
very franchise in charging admis-
sion for access to knowledge and 
expertise. 

At his online university, 
Saylor imagines Bill Clinton 
teaching politics, Warren Buffet 
lecturing on investing and 
Steven Spielberg demonstrating 
filmmakins - all in 3O-hour 
video packages, with questions 
anticipated, and answered, in 
advance. 

- Jacques Steinberg 
The Nnu York TimtS 

Serbian guardians of the bridge to 
leave their positions. The Serbs, 
who prevent Albanians from 
crossing the bridge into the north-
ern Serbian-dominated part of the 
citY, left. Bl:1t an angry crowd of 
300 people rapidly formed. 

Troops dispersed the aowd with 
tear gas and percussion grenades. 
The Serbs said the grenades injured 
up to 15 pearle. The Serbs then 
attacked Western journalists and 
were barely prevented from lynch-
ing an elderly Albanian man in his 
apartment French paratroopers in 
armored vehicles rescued him, and 
he was bleeding as the troops str>Jg-
gled to carry him through the lung-
ing, pushing crowd. 

- Carlotta Gall 
The New York Times 

~r!l.[.~r!1.~I:a"'1: 

Zhu calls Taiwan a 
breakaway province 
CoIItIIIued froIIt ..... 1 
Zhu's 9O-minute news confer-
ence marking the end of this 
year 's session of parliament. In 
language that was on balance 
more incendiary than calming, 
Zhu reiterated Beijing's position 
on the island it considers a 
breakaway province. 

"No matter who comes into 
power in Taiwan, Taiwan will 
never be allowed to be indepen-
dent," he said. If the "people 
who favor inde~ndence" win, 
he later added, ' it may trigger a 
war between the two sides and 
undermine peace." 

There were several such refer-
ences to Chen Shu i-bien, the 

Chen is in a tight three-way 
race for the preSidency. None of 
the candidates currently advo-
cates a declaration of indepen-
dence. Beijing's threatening 
words are aimed to keep it that 
way. 

Again and again, Zhu repeat-
ed that China did not fear war, if 
it came to that. 

- Elisabeth Rosenthal 
The New York Times 

Tiny Animal Said to be Linked to Humans 
Fossil bones of an animal no 

bigger than a shrew and weigh-
ing less than an ounce have been 
identified as belonging to the 
earliest known relative in the 
primate lineage that led to mon-
keys, apes and humans. 

The animal lived 45 million 
years ago in a humid rain forest 
in what is now China. It was 
probably nocturnal and solitary, 
and fed on insects and fruit. U 
not careful in securing its usual 
place up in the trees, this pri-
mate often wound up as an 
owl's midnight feast. In fact, 
some of the bones in question 
may well have been regurgitated 
by an owl after one such repast. 

The paleontologists who 
announced the discovery 
Wednesday said the fossil ani-
mals, named Eosimias for 
"dawn monkey," were the best 
evidence yet for fixing the time 
and place of one of the more 
fateful branchings in evolution. 
Eosimias appeared to be a transi-
tional figure when lower pri-
mates, known as prosimians, 
went their separate way, devel-
oping into I<>day's lemurs, loris-
es, bush babies and tarsiers, 
while the divergmg higher pri-
mates, anthropoids, evolved into 
more prepossessing creatures, 
eventually including human 
beings. 

"We have the first unambigu-
ous evidence that is able to 
bridge the anatomical gap 
between lower and higher pri-
mates," said Dr. Daniel L. Gebo, 
a paleontologist at Northern 
Illinois University in DeKalb 
who was a member of the dis-
covery team. 

A close examination of the 
tiny ankle and foot bones, some 
the size of grains of rice, estab-
lished that Eosimias is an 
extremely primitive member of 
the anthropoid lineage, Gebo 
and other scientists said. 

- John Noble Wilford 
The New York Times 

SPECIAL EGG DONOR NEEDED 
Preferred Donor will meet the following criteria: 

Height Approximately 5 '6 " or Taller 
Caucasian 

S.A.T. Score Around 1250 or High A.C.T. 
College Student or Graduate Under 30 

No Genetic Medical Issues 

COMPENSATION 
$80,000 

Paid to you and/or the charity of your choice 
All related expenses will be paid in addition to your compensation 

(Extra compensation available for someone who might be 
especially gifted in athletics, science/mathematics or music) 

For more information or to obtain an application please contact 
Michelle at the Law Office of Greg L. Eriksen (800) 808-5838 or email EggDonorInfo@aol.com 

• 1his IIIl is being pllletd for II pllrtic"u,r climt lind is not solicitllti"g eggs for II donor bank . 



8 NEWS The UCSD Guardian 

KOHN: 
Most children photographed 
died in the Holocaust 
CoIttlnu •• frOM ..... 1 
would find comfortable and familiar," she 
said. "That meant that I would have to use 
Yiddish because that was the language of 
all these particular communities." 

Richard Friedman, literature professor 
and director of the Judaic studies program, 
said he has known Kohn for over 20 years 
and thinks she is an amazing person. 

"It's not because she is the daughter of 
Roman Vishniac, or the wife of Walter 
Kohn, a Nobel laureate for chemistry, but 
because she is a woman of great substance 
who has led this incredible and remarkable 
life," Friedman said. 

The slides Kohn presented showed 
smiling children of all ages at play, work 
and study with children's Yiddish music 
playing in the background. 

Roosevelt junior Keri Savage said the 
slides touched her. 

"They were amazing, for you don't see 
so many photographs like that," she said. 
"Throughout their hardships, the children 
smiled and still had fun." 

Savage said she admires Kohn for pub-
lishing the book because children are often 
not represented in such settings. 

"We see their presence in camps, but not 
pictures of the children and the community 
before the camps," she added. "A commu-

OBITUARY: 
Wiederholt was working 
on guide for brain diseases 
CoIItinued from ..... 1 
fuJ of its kind . 

Wiederholt received numerous honors 
for his contributions to the field of neu rolo-
gy and to UCSD. He was noted in several 
"Who's Who" compilations, including the 
"1nJ.ernational Who's Who in Medicine" 
list, and twice received the department of 
neuroscience's ward for Outstanding 
~ ing at the 0 School of Medicine. 

Thursday. March 16.2000 

nity that is no longer there." 
Muir junior Coree Levy said she attended 

because the author's book relates to what 
she is learning in Judaic studies classes. 

"You can read all you want, but hearing 
from someone who was there and seeing 
the pictures is just amazing," Levy said. 

Janice Dempsey, coordinator of the 
JudaiC studies program, said the faces of the 
children in the slide show were moving. 

"Just the idea that these sweet, smiley 
children faced the big Holocaust hammer 
that was coming down on them and most 
didn't survive is very poignant," Dempsey 
said. 

Kohn said she knows of only two pho-
tographed children who survived the 
Holocaust. 

"My father went back and went to those 
areas he took the photographs. and could 
not find anybody," Kohn said. "I went back 
for a short time and I could not find any of 
my friends." 

Kohn said life in Berlin was dangerous 
for Jewish children. 

"Every minute that was spent out in the 
street was quite threatening for us children 
as well, and my father took the precaution 
of putting me in front of Hitler's posters 
because he could say he was just taking a 
picture of me," she said. 

Kohn also said her father did it all 
because he had a special place in his heart 
for children. _ 

Kohn signed copies of her book in a 
reception immediately following her 
speech and slide presentation. 

ing a neurological self-assessment to be pub-
lished lhis year; the self-assessment was 
intended to be a guide for non peciali t in 
diagnOSing brain disease. 

Wiederholt is survived by hiS three chil-
dren: Sven Wiederholt, Karen Wiederholt 
and Kristin Wiederholt, as well as three 
grandchildren. 

A memorial service will be held 
Monday, March 20 at 5 p.m. at Garren 
Auditorium. It will be followed by a recep-
tion in the lobby of the office of the dean at 
the UCSD School of Medicine. 

Contributions are requested in lieu of 
flowers and will go to the W.e. Wiederholt 
Lectureship. Contributions can be sent to: 

uSlve engagement HILLCREST 

The author of more than 100 articles and 
more than 50 other published pieces, 
Wiederholt was widely known for his book 
"Neurology for Non-Neurologists," which 
was released in its fourth edition in 
February. In recent months, he was complet-

UC D Foundation, c/o Floyd Harmon, 
9500 Gilman Drive, La Jolla, A 92093-0696. 
Checks should be made out to the U D 
Foundation and must be accompanied by a 
note indicating that the funds are for the 
Wiederholt Lectureship. 

STARTS FRIDAY 3965 5 th Aven u e - (619) 299- 2100 

REGISTER WITH MYBVTES.COM AND SCORE BIG! 

GET A FREE SONIC ABYSS MULTIMEDIA CD 
AND AUTOMATICALLY BE ENTERED INTO OUR 

SCORE BIG, SCORE OFTEN SWEEPSTAKES. 

YOU COULD WIN AN INSTANT PRIZE! 
PLUS, YOU'LL HAVE A CHANCE AT $100,000 

TOWARDS YOUR COLLEGE EDUCATION. 

'i'iH'1 (I" F Ir .. .,..U U} !J .... !Ju...... )Pt.lUIUU 

mybyte~omTM I ....... ••• Im) 7I1pHu..l!:_~ 
CALGON I't\ 

UNIVK .. SAI,; 
~ 

U ......... L MU •• C • 
wl.ao •• aT ••• UTIOM 

• 

The UCSD Guardian HIATUS 9 

• 

Arts and Entertainment . 

Match Oscar favorites with the Guardians to find out who will walk away with-Hollywood gold 
Senior Staff ~er 

It's a beautiful, beautiful world ... at 
least for one film in this year's hotly con-
tested Oscar race. Despite earning a paltry 
eight leading nominations, "American 
Beauty," the satirical and deeply probing 
examination of suburban family life, 
appears pOised to strike gold in aU the 
major categories this year. Critics and 
audiences everywhere were absolutely 
raving about this dark drama, starring 
best actor/actress front-runners Kevin 
Spacey and Annette Bening and helmed 
by first-time director Sam Mendes. Steven 
Spielberg went so far as to say it was the 
best film he's seen in years (of course, it 
did come from his motion picture compa-
ny). Still, with the eight nods, even a 
HBeauty" sweep would still leave much to 

be anticipated at this year's festival. The 
breakdown: 
Best 5upport! .. Actreu 

Angelina Jolie's triumph at the Screen 
Actors' Guild Awards pretty much cements 
her chance for a win for her role in "Girl, 
Interrupted." Jolie is just the type of actress 
Academy voters love to reward. She is 
young, beautiful and just starting to draw 
attention. The fact that she is the daughter 
of award-winning actor Jon Voight does not 
hurt either. Both Chloe Sevigny ("Boys 
Don't Cry") and Catherine Keener ("Being 
John Malkovich") earned lavish critical 
acclaim, but their names may be too unrec-
ognizable for voters. The lowdown on Toni 
Collette ("The Sixth Sense") and Samantha 
Morton ("Sweet and Lowdown") is that 
they should be ecstatic just to be nominat-
ed. As for Jolie, there is only one liability to 
her winning the award ... and it comes in 

three words: "The Bone Collector." 
Best SupportIIII Actor 

This should be the most unpredictable 
award of the night. Tom Cruise still carries 
front-runner status for his "off the wall" 
portraral of a sex guru in "Magnolia," but 
any 0 three actors could upsta~e him on 
Oscar night. First, there is Haley' I see dead 
people" Joel Osment, who took every 
opportunity to poke his cute face into each 
nook, cranny and comer in Hollywood. 
Osment was riveting in "The Sixth Sense," 
but he will have to campaign hard to prove 
that being nominated is not honor enough 
for all of his eleven years. Then, there is big, 
bad Michael Clarke Duncan representing 
"The Green Mile." Remember him from 
Armageddon? What a difference two years 
make. Seeing a 6-foot, 250-pound black 

See OSCAR, Page 10 

..... Ch6 Cafe Review: 10, Dance Review: 11, Concert Review: Mark Anthony 12, Film Review: 'Genghis Blues' 14 



10 IDATIlS 

Chi Shows 
Thursday, M.rch 18 
The Locust, plus more 
on·stage nudity for hard·core 
punk rockers. 

Frld.y, M.rch 24 
The Tight Bros. From Way 
Back When, plus more 
kick·ass rock a la AC/DC. 

S.turay, _ch 21 
The Roots of Orchis, and The 
Album Leaf, plus more 
trippy instrumental rock, pop-
ular at the CM. 

Thundlly, MM:h 30 ($7) 
The Hot Snakes, plus more 
new bands from local legends 
Rocket From the Crypt. 

Wed ... ...." AprIl I 
Bobby Conn, plus more 
cutting-edge concept·rock 
from Chicago. 

MondIIy, AprIl 17 ($7) 
The Make Up, an 
underground favorite with 
danceable 1960s sound. 

For more information contact 
the Chi! Cafe at 534-2311, or 
visit the Web site at 
http://www.checafe.com 

The UCSD Guardian . Thursday, March 16,2000 

Best Kept Secrets at the Che Cafe 
A little known place to see exciting young bands such as Moon and Sixpence 
By BEN CHAPMAN 
Staff Writer 

Recent events at UCSD such 
as Winterfest and the electronic 
music festival Movement drew 
thousands of young people to 
campus. With top-selling artists 
performing here several times 
each year, UCSD has become a 
favorite stop for touring pop acts. 
Special discounted tickets are 
made available to students, who 
tum out by the hundreds to see 
artists like Beck and Outkast per-. 
form at RIMAC Arena or the 
Price Center. 

In addition to hosting large-
scale performances by estab-
lished pop stars, UCSD also pro-
vides a forum for lesser-known 
groups at the Che Cafe. Founded 
in 1980, the Che is a student-run 

. collective that presents perfor-
mances by up-and-coming local 
and touring acts several nights a 
week. Tickets are usually a bar-
gain at around 55 and audience 
members of all ages are welcome. 
Wholesome refreshments such as 

all-natural soda and vegan cook-
ies are also available at excellent 
prices. Shows at the Che Cafe 
start at 8 p.m. and often run well 
after midnight. 

,Last Sunday at the Che, four 
bands played to a packed house. 
The headlining group Special 
Goodness featured members of 
Weezer, who enjoyed several 

all-star lineup, their performance 
that night was overshadowed by 
the appearance of a young local 
band named Moon and Six-
pence. 

Moon and Sixpence arrived 
late at the Che and were forced to 
play an abbreviated set inbe-
tween the other acts. This did not 
matter to the audience, however, 

The Che Cafe is named after South American, 
communist leader Ernesto Che GUeTJara, who is 
credited with the invention of guerrilla warfare 
and helped foster revolutionary movements " .. 
MTV hits in the mid-to-Iate '90s. 
in the parking lot of the Che, 
numerous excited fans gathered 
around the Special Goodness 
tour van to have pictures taken 
with their heroes from Weezer. 
The young mell from the band 
were very friendly and appeared 
to enjoy the attention they 
received from the crowd. How-
ever, despite Special Goodness' 

who ate up Moon and Sixpence's 
music like the vegan snacks that 
were being served from the Che 
Cafe's kitchen. Moon and Six-
pence feature guitar, keyboard, 
bass and drums, along with 
singing and in-between-the-
songs stage banter by entertain-
ing frontman Alex Delanda. 

They sound similar to the 
19805 group The Cars, with 

catchy choruses and good gUltar-
synthesizer interplay. But, Moon 
and Sixpence have a sound that is 
really their own, with danceable 
beats and a love of 1960s garage 
rock that was made obvious by 
their show-stopping rendition of 
the oldies radio hit "96 Tears." 

The area in front of the stage 
was packed as the band played, 
and the audience .danced and 
applauded enthusiastically after 
each song. When th~ group left 
the stage after performing only 
five songs, the crowd called for 
them to stay longer, but' Moon 
and Sixpence dutifully left the 
stage in order to leave time for 
the other acts. 

The Che Cafe is named after 
South American communist 
leader Emesto Chi? Guevara, who 
is credited with the invention of 
guerrilla warfare and helped fos-
ter revolutionary movements in 
Guatemala, Cuba and Bolivia 
before his death in 1967. A select-
ed list of upcoming shows featur-
ing a few would-be revolutionar-
ies is listed on the left column. 

UCSD Bookstore Spring Break OSCAR: 
Bening favored to win 
best actress award 
eo.lII •• d"-..... 
man cry on the screen is a spectacle 
in itself, but Duncan brought so 
much more dimension to the role. 
He was every bit a match for Mr. 
Academy Award Tom Hanks. 
Duncan is deserving but still a 
long shot to a win - although as 
the movie title suggests, miracles 
can happen. 

Finally, there is Screen Actors' 
Guild Award winner Michael 
Caine for "The Cider House 
Rules." If Academy voters find 
themselves bogged down between 
choices (the cute kid, the towering 
giant or the "new-.and-improved" 
pretty boy) they might opt for the 
conventional Caine, who previous-
ly won supporting honors for 
"Hannah and her Sisters." Jude 
Law exudes charisma as a playboy 
in "The Talented Mr. Ripley," but 
his chances are nil considering the 
movie's virtual snub by the Acade-
my. Call this one a horse race to the 
finish, all the money should be on 

~~ose. 
Two things need to be clear. 

First, Annette Bening will win best 
actress for her performance in 
"American Beauty." Second, 
Annette Bening does not deserve 
to win best actress. 

Hilary Swank of "Boys Don't 
Cry" does. Bening's raving hys-
teric is an excellently crafted char-
acter, but that's precisely all it is ... 
a role that most actresses can step 
,nto. Swank gave the superior per-
formance by playing the opposite 
gender and staying in character for 
weeks in order to get it right. As for 
the other contestants, they are 
largely pretenders rather than con-
tenders. Meryl Streep ("Music of 
the Heart") tied Katherine Hep-
burn's record for nominations, but 
. .unfortunately, due to her stature, 
she would have to give the perfor-
mance of the decade to win anoth-
er award. 

Janet McTeer was an early 
front-runner and won the Golden 
Globe, but has anyone seen "Tum-
bleweeds," let alone know that it is 
an actual film? Finally, . there is 
Julianne Moore, whose nomina-
tion for "End of the Affair" should 
be canceled on account of her hor-
rible acting in "Magnolia." Moore 
is riding a hot streak, starring in 

See OSCAR, Page 13 

Thursday, March 16,2000 The UCSD Guardian lllA'I'US 11 

courlesy or ucso Dance 
DI .. ..tIed: Sara Dickman offers a 'domestic' commentary of life in Jean Isaacs' 
'The RelUctant Housewife' at this year's 'An Evening of Dance.' 

Year of the Props 
The UCSD dance department presents its annual 
performance of itn Evening of Dance" 
Staff writer 

Months of hard work are coming to a 
close for UCSD dance students and facul-
ty: NAn Evening of Dance" opened last 
Wednesday night for a five-night run in 
the Mandel Weiss Theatre. Comedy, 
drama, sex appeal, poetry and spoken 
word all have their place in this eclectic, 
always-popular ann~al show. 

This dance concert has two purposes 
besides the artistic exploration and enter-
tainment provided by a typical perfor-
mance: to showcase the talents of both the 
faculty artists and the student dancers, 
and to provide the students with real 
rehearsing and performing experience, 
which is a vital part of their education. 

"Joe Goode is very influential as a chore-
ographer and as a dancer," said third year 
Warren student Rommel Salveron of the San 
Francisco-based choreographer. "I found 
myself getting into the Joe Goode mode." 

"It's nice to be able to work in a profes-
sional environment," said Amy Millsap, a 
third-year Roosevelt student who will not 
perform due to an ankle spr?ined in 
rehearsal last Friday, but who still goes to 
rehearsals to give moral support the rest of 
the cast and to receive It from them. 

!'It's always exciting to "Work with a 
variety of choreographers, dancing in a 
variety of sty~es," said Sara Dickman~ a 
third-year MUIr student who dances WIth 

'Millsap in both Jean Isaacs' "The Reluctant 
Housewife" and Margart Marshall's "let-
ting Go of Spatial Politics and Life Itself." 

Marshall, who teaches ballet as well as 
academiC courses, praised the students: 
"Every year we have better and better 
dancers, which helps the choreographers 
challenge the students more, which helps 

the students grow more .... We're always 
pushing the envelope." . , 

Marshall's dance is an autobiographi-
cal piece about several important events 
that took place in her life in a short period 
of time, notably the illness and death of 
her student and friend Lea.ndra Smith. 

A 1995 graduate of UCSD, Smith had 
her own dance company, taught dance to 
children and helped Marshall write the 
book for her dance pedagogy course. She 
died of a rare type of cancer of the hip in 
1999, and her death touched many in the 
dance community. 

"Dance is therapy," said Marshall 
about making the dance, which brought 
her to tears the first time she saw it on 
stage. 

This. year's dance concert may be 
remembered as the "year of the props." 
Props are not uncommon in dance; 
indeed, members of year's audience 
undoubtedly remember the ladder from 
Jean Isaacs' "Romeos and Juliets" and the 
parachute from Kim Epiphano's "In the 
Middle of the Eye." This year, however, 
the choreographers really went to town 
with props: four of the seven pieces 
include objects of one kind or another, 
ranging from a table to tree branches and 
even toilet plungers. 

In addition to the dances mentioned 
above, the concert includes work by 
UCSD faculty Pat Rincon and instructor 
Sandra Foster-King, New York-based 
Kevin Wynn and Thor Sutowski, a direc-
tor at the San Diego Ballet. 

With such a varied lineup, "An Evening 
of Dance" offers something for both dance 
connoisseurs and the uninitiated . . 

Tickets are 512, 510, and $6 for stu-
dents. Call 550-1010. The Sunday perfor-
mance is at 7 p.m. 

~----------------------------

.... 
TERIYAKI GRill 

OPfMlHG SPlCIAL 
Located In the 

Coat. Verde Shopping Center 
(next to Albertson's & Blockbuster) 

,_1404-0707 
---------------

when you present this coupon 
at our new UCSD location in the 

Price Center 
. ~. 

......... _".~J a.m.ha. ~ J II j c:e. 0 
------------------ ------ --- -----

LA JOU.A w.LAGE 5Qt.IAAE 
NoI1eI Driwlat Hlehway 5 

270-FINS 

I'N:IfIC IIE)CH 
Gametlwe. & Lamont 5t. 

274-FINS 

THE CLASSICAL EVE 

Dos Pescados 
Combo Only 
$3149 

That's two of our 8mER 
fish tacos, beans and chipsl 

• 

Tn .. coupon fOOd for up '" 2 ......... No> '<lid wI1.h 
a<Iy _ 0/1",. Offer <t<p<'" 400/00 

•••••••••••••••••••••••• 

Serving UCSD 
for over 18 years 

I Contacts 13 Pairs of $89 
: INCLUDES EYE EXAM 

I Not valid with arry oci>or ofI..-.Wilh coupon only. Expires 4130100 I 

COS TA Disposable Contacts I I 
V E ROE II IEYNCELEXAUDES

M 
$12.9 zl C EN T E R I gl ~ , 451.7374 : U I 

_ .... _ .. o...;;.a. ..... _______ ~"! ~:: "!:=::""-cou::' =:= ~~ I 

San Diego's Fun'niest Eveni~g! 

Live Improvllational 
Comeely 

"A~Milloi 
.... Uon B ShlDStlck!" 

........ .Wo.hin9ton Post 

"The ......... Was lnIectl_s!" I 
-los Ansel •• Time. 

Shows every Friday at 8 
and Saturday at 7:30 & 9:45 
Stu.n' pric. iu" 9 budu' 

3717 Indio 51 . • Mission Hills. (61912954999 "..,,;ro. 3/ 31/ 00 o NoIvoIid-../oIIwoH.n 
~--- - - --- - -- - ----------------~ 



12 mATUS The UCSD Guardian Thursday, March 16, 2000 

Marc Anthony's Salsa Adds Spice to Copley 
Latin sensation shakes up San Diego with a scintillating cocktail of salsa and sex 
By MELODY QONZ.A' U 
Staff Writer 

From New York's Madison 
Square Garden to San Diego's Cop-
ley Symphony Hall, the bright and 
percussive rhythm of salsa music 
filled the air on Sunday, March 5, as 
Marc Anthony perfonned to an 
adoring crowd of San Diego 
salseros and salseras. The audience 
eagerly welcomed the 31-year-old 
singer from New York's Spanish 
Harlem by waving Puerto Rican 
flags . and screaming shouts of 
"Guepa!" 

Known in mainstream English 
music for his songs "I Need to 
Know" and ''You Sang to Me," 
Marc Anthony is better known 
throughout the Latin community 
for his heartfelt salsa music. ironi-
cally, although his fame was 
sparked by his Latin music, he was 
not really interested in Spanish 
songs until six years ago. 

Named after a famous Mexican 
singer, Marco Antonio Muniz was 
destined to be a musician, especial-
ly under the influence of his father, 
Felipe, who was also a musician. 
However, while his father invited 
musicians to the family's apart-
ment on Saturday nights, Anthony 
preferred to listen to rhythm &< 
blues and rock. Only as recenUy as 
six years ago, his musical career 
focused on singing house music in 
English at dance clubs throughout 

New York City. 
Anthony's career changed in an 

instant while he was driving 
through Manhattan. 

"1 was sitting in traffic when I 
heard Juan Gabriel's song, 'Hasta 
Que Te Conoci,' explained An~ 
ny at the San Diego concert. He 
was eager to record the song, but 

Marc Anthony is 
better known 
throughout the Latin 
community for his 
heartfelt salsa music. 
Ironically, although 
his fame was sparked 
by his Latin music, he 
wasn ~t really 
interested in Spanish 
songs until six years 
ago. 

"You just have to deal with 
what God gives you. Just do it," he 
said. "Just follow your heart and 
do it." 

One of the most admirable qual-
ities aboufthis salsa seJ\4iiltion is his 
genuine interest in people. He is 
not just another celebrity who is 
quick to smile and wave in order to 
expand a fan base.. Although he 
does enjoy playing with the audi-
ence and enticing applause, Antho-
ny's style of performing exhibits an 
aura 01 warmth and earnest friend-
liness. As exemplified in his con-
cert, Anthony seems to take a sin-
cere interest in his audience. 

While performing and working 
the audience with his high energy, 
Anthony's notable qualities were 
·seen in his personable interactions 
with the crowd. During the concert 
(even in the middle of songs), 
Anthony took the time to shake 
hands, sign autographs and, of 
course, kiss the girls. At one 
moment, he completely stopped 
singing to sign a young fan's T-
shirt, and at another point he 
accepted a huge ·silk flag from a 

upon talking to his manager, teen-age girl. Opening the flag and 
Anthony discovered that the only . displaying it to cheering· Puerto 
way to re-record this song was to Rican fans, Anthony proceeded to 
sing a salsa version. drape the flag over his microphone 

"1 did it," Anthony recalled andstrucka~forthegirl'scam­
inspirationally. The decision to era. Although she did not get her 
record a salsa song sent his career flag returned, the excited girl will 
spinning, and Anthony urged his undoubtedly. cherish the picture of 
fans to learn from his action. Marc Anthony and her flag. 

StepMnIe I'fI1ender/Cour!e8y of CoIumbI. Recon1s L... .... I.8IIaa: Mark Anthony performed for thousands of 
adoring fans at San Diego's Copely Hall on March 5. 

Get the fever for tile ftaYOr. hiatus. C .. 1134 8S83 or visit 1Ilatu •• ~",_ ... 

Thursday, March 16, 2000 

OSCAR: 
'American Beauty' 
favored for best fUm 
cuw ........ ".. ..... s.o 
three widely acclaimed films and 
recently snatchin~ the lead to 
"Hannibal," the 'Silence of the 
Lambs" sequel. Academy voters 
may elect to wait for that role 
before confirming or denying her 
abilities as a leading actress. 
BestAdDr 

The momentum has shifted so 
many times in this, the most com-
petitive best actor race in a decade. 
First, Russell Crowe ("Insider") 
seemed poised to capture the 
award. He won the National Board 
of Review and LA. Film Critics' 
awards, thanks to his absorbing 
portrayal of tobacco insider Jeffrey 
Wigand. 

If you forget "Mystery, Alaska," 
Crowe has never made a bad film. 
He deserved a nomination for 
"L.A. Confidential," a role amaz-
ingly different from "The Insider." 
However, long-time nominee Den-
zel Washington gave one of his 
better perfonnances In "The Hurri-
cane." Washipgton captured the 
Golden Globe over Crowe and 
took over front-runner status. 
While Washington is a fine actor, 
hjs portrayal bfboxer Ruben "Hur-
ricane" Carter is nothing to rave 
about. 

The appeal of the movie is 
largely due to the a tounding facts 
and circumstances surrounding 
the case. Academy voters might 
have favoroo Washington for his 
Oscar-friendly role of a wrongfuUy 
imprisoned crusader who gives 
impassioned speeches on justice 
and equality, but then the most 
deserving and lovable nominee, 
riding the coat-tails of a supenor 
film, came in. Kevin Spacey was 
quietly sitting by while Washing-

ton~nd Russell duked it out, sud-
denly vaulted to the front of the 
paclt as audiences and voters 
remembered how much they were 
moved by Lester Burnham in 
"American Beauty." 

Spacey accomplished the 
improbable by turning a first-rate 
loser into a first-rate role model 
for typical suburban existence. 
His slow accumulation of confi-
dence and transformation provid-
ed him with the range to top 
Washington and Crowe. It does 
not hurt that he also recently cap-
tured the Screen Actors' Guild 
Award for best actor. As for the 
other nominees, Richard 
Farnsworth ("The Straight Story") 
should be overjoyed that he 
helped to steal nominations from 
Jim Carrey ("Man on the Moon") 
and Matt Damon ("The Talented 
Mr. Ripley"). Sean Penn ("Sweet 
and Lowdown") should share 
some of this guilt, but at least he 
did more than ride around on a 
Iawnmower for two hours. In a 
perfect world, Jim Carrey is a 
shoo-in for this year's award, but 
since he is not nominated, add the 
name "Kevin Spacey" to the 

=se~eaward goes to .... " 
Vegas odds still have "Ameri-

can Beauty" and "The Cider 
House Rules" running even, but 
that will soon change. "Rules" is a 
good movie, but in a year charac-
terized by creative, morality-dri-
ven stories, it does not really stand 
a chance. As a consolation, it 
should score a win for best music 
bl:cause Rachel Portman's instru-
mentals are magnificent. 

But, back to the race. "The 
Green Mile" was the early, early 
favorite even before it came out, 
thanks to Tom Hanks and "Shaw-
shank Redemption" director Frank 
Darabont, but its three-hour-plus 
length and unabashed sentimen-
tality killed it slowly before word 
of mouth brought it back. It is 
probably too late for "Mile," and 
Darabont was snubbed for a 
directing nod, indicating the Acad-
erny's lack of confidence in the 

~e OICAR, Page 15 

The UCSD Guardian 

"A MAGICAL, MUSICAL, 
ANIMATED MASTERPIECE!" 

o..w-.ClS-lV 

"1MAX. Is Till WAY To SH IT - NoT jusT As A ~, 
BuT As AN halT." 

a- _ . CIIICAGO 5UI,",111115 

"" AInASIA 2000' INTIOOUCIS SlVlN-MIW 
MusIcAl MOVUWfTS WIIILf KHPtNG 

'Till SotcEIlI'S AI'PIlNTlCE.' 
Two THUMBS Up!" 

a-_..4....., ........ 
IOG8 IIIIT a TIIlll\OW5 

,,~,. 

rA~TA~IA 
2000 

THE IMAX E x PER lEN C E· 

_.......-a.- .... CIf_..-. 

__ lie. 

__ cc.oIA11ON 

~ ~ 0 WAR D 5 ~~·~!~'i~c~.]~"~.ti~.~ .. ~'"I~.~R~.~ii~., 
*A I M A X· T" £ A T R l eN PWlTAIIO C8ITIAl CIlTUlAl TlIWIA 

1lYlMl1amIooI..... '_.100 tin. , Mioo 1_ lit. r,... CJ.21120 
5 a 40S ( ... ) Ul-IMAl (011 52) 66-11·_ 

9:30... lI:JO.o. 1:)0,... l:~ (12:000- 5oI/s.....,) 
5:~ 7:~ 9:~ 2:00,00. 4:OOp.. 6:00,00. 1:OOpoo 

HIATUS 13 

StullI' "re.kI ~ . 
You know you'll need a break. So stop by to eat 
hamentashen, or bake your own! We'll have free 

Starbuck's coffee, music, mask-making, & a 
Monty Python movie, too! IT'S All FREE! 

Nillda!, March ZI 
iRtlrlatilftalcllter 

~ - 9:38 PN 
Sponsored by Hillel. Call 822 -1047 for more information. 



14 HIATUS The UCSD Guardian Thursday, March 16,2000 

Blind Blues Man Finds Soul in the Throat 
Oscar nominated documentary 'Genghis Blues' explores musician Paul PennS musical and spiritual journey 
Staff Writer 

Some journeys are physical and 
some are spiritual, but when blind 
blues musician Paul Pena traveled 
to a remote nation called Tuva to 
take part in an annual throatsing-
ing competition, the journey 
proved a difficult though exciting 
combination of both. As with any 
journey, the beginning of Paul 
Pena's 1995 adventure was a pil-
grimage in and of itself. Paul 
Pena's story and his experience 
with Tuvan throatsingers is pre-
sented in an Academy Award-
nominated documentary 
"Genghis Blues." 

wedged between Siberia and 
Mongolia. Of its 300,000 people, 
one-third still live as nomadic 
herders. Tuva had absolutely no 
contact with the West until 1993 
and remains isolated from much of 
the modem world. In 1985, how-
ever, Pena caught a few sounds of 
Tuvan tnroatsinging on a dim sig-
nal emitted on the Radio Moscow 
frequency. His highly trained ear 
picked up the unbelievable sound 
of four notes emanating s.imulta-
neously from one person. 

As the blind son of West 
African immigrants living in Mis-
sissippi, Pena had to deal with 
more than the average person 
dreamed of. Music was a way for 
him to relate to the world and to 
demonstrate to the world what 
wonders were held deep within 
himself. Pena's success is evi-
denced by his resume. He has 
played with such musical legends 
as T-Bone Walker, Bonnie Rait, B.B. 
King and Jerry Garcia. Pena also 
wrote the song "Jet Airliner," 
which was made famous by the 
Steve Miller Band. In 1995 Paul 
Pena added to this impressive list 
the accomplishment of having 
been the first American ever to 
compete in an unusual contest of 
multi-harmonic throatsinging, a 
cultural tradition in the isolated 
land of Tuva. 

Deeply depressed after the 
death of his wife, Pena lost his 
grief in teaching himself how these 
sounds were produced. Pena had 
a small device used by the blind to 
scan writing and then translate it 
into Braille. Letter by letter, Pena 
taught himself Tuvan, but Tuvan 
had never been studied before, so Courtesy of Roko ano AdrIan Bellc 
first he had to teach himself Russ- ........ ~ Paul Pene (left) had to learn both Russian and Tuva in order to master throatsinging. 

Tuva is technically a part of the 
Russian Federation. It is about the 
size of' North Dakota and is 

ian by the same painstaking 
method. the sounds of the vocal chords as 

One letter and one note at a they produce from two to four 
time, Pena absorbed as much of sounds, is surreal and continues to 
Tuva as possible, never dreaming confound Westem musical acade-
that on a hot day in 1995 he mia. 
would be wearing a traditional One style is high-pitched, 
Tuvan costume and singing ' multi-melodied, and generally 
before a panel of judges in the accompanied by a traditional ver-
annual throatsinging competi- sion of the guitar that closely 
tion. Even more impossible was resembles a lute. Pena learned kar-
the fact that he would be the first gyraa, and produces sounds a full 
foreigner ever to win the contest octave below his normal voice. 
with his heartfelt rendition of a This lowering is in addition to the 
Tuvan classic in a style called second and third melodies and all 
"kargyraa." are, of course, in perfect hannony. 

"f(hoomai," or Tuvan Through his love and respect for 
throatsinging, is something that Tuvan culture and music, Pena 
every person, regardless of mUsi- formed a lasting friendship with 
cal interest, should experience. the best khoomai perfonner in the 
The created by isolating world, Kongar-ol Ondar. 

The two have since recorded an 
album called "Genghis Blues" and 
Ondar is currentfy undertaking 
the four-day voyage from Tuva to 
the United States in order to spend 
time with the ailing Pena. 

The tale of how this blind blues 
guru traveled to the other end of 
the earth and came back with even 
more soul is superbly described by 
Roko and Adrian Belie in a docu-
mentary titled "Genghis Blues." 

This 88-minute film and its 
honest, hand-held style have capti-
vated audiences at film festivals 
around the world. Telling not only 
the story of Paul but of the Tuvan 
culture he took into his heart, 
"Genghis Blues" has received a 
total of six audience awards 

(including one at the Sundance 
Film Festival), three Grand Jury 
awards and three awards for best 
documentary at the Rotterdam, 
Edinburgh and SI. Louis Film Fes-
tivals. 

The film has also been nominat-
ed for an Oscar in the category of 
Best Documentary for the 2000 
Academy Awards. Paul remains 
bedridden in the final stages of 
pancreatic cancer, but he awaits 
the Awards with characteristic 
eagerness and hope. 

Anyone interested in learning 
more about Paul Pena or Tuva can 
visit the following web sites: 
wwwjotuVQ.org and www.whr.com 
Sound samples from the album can 
be heard on www.8enghisblues.cpm 

Annualized Total Return % as of 12/31/99 
5 Ye,1I 10 Ye,1I Life Inception 

Fidelity Aggressive Growth Fund' 103.02 51.46 40.47 N/A 
Fidelity Blue Chip Growth Fund 24.26 28.60 25.80 - 22.04 
Fidelity Diversified International Fund2 50.65 25.14 22.64 N/A 
Fidelity Growth Company Fund 79.48 39.51 34.66 23.63 
Fidelity New Millennium Fund- 102.52 47.72 43.28 N/A 
Fidelity OTC Portfolio 72.53 38.59 35.41 22.86 

, Effective 3120/00, the fund willincre .. its .hort-term trllCllng fM from 0.75'" to 1.50% of the amount redeemed on ..... held less tNn 90 d.ys. 
, Effective 6/1/00, the fund will adopt •• hort-term trlldlng fM of 1.00% of the amount mMmed on .h.,... held less t'-a 30 d.ys. 

31.65 12/28/90 
21.72 12/31/87 
16.17 12127/91 
21.29 1/17/83 
33.68 12/28/92 
23.59 12/31/84 

Past performance Is no guarantM of future ,...ults. Total returns _ historical and Include change in share value and reinvestment of cflVidends end capital gains. If any. life of 
fund figures are reported .. of the commencement ate to the period Indicated. Each Irw.stment option'. sh-. price and return will vary and you may "- • gain Of • Iou 
when you .. 1I.ha,.... 
Foreign Investments. especially those In emerging markets, Involve gl'Nter risk. and may offer greater potential returns thM U.S. Irwntmenb. These riIb Include political end 
economic uncertainties of foreign countrie., as well .. the risk of currency fluctuations. 

'sn't it time to do some 
comparison shopping? 

To learn more about the Fidelitye investment options available in your 
.University of California Retirement Plans, please call 1-800-343-0860, 

or go to our websit~: wwwefidelityecom. 
. The funds listed above are only a representation of the investment options available through your plan. 

For more information on other investment options available to you, please call Fidelity Investments at 1-800-343-0860. 
For more complete information about Fidelity mutual funds or any option available through the plan, including fees and expenses, 

call or write Fidelity for free prospectuses_ Read them carefully before you make your investment choice. 

21 98592 

,....," ..... 1 .... 
Fidelity Investments Tax-Exempt SeMcet CompMy 

A divl.ion of FIdelity I~ Institutional ServIc:n CompMy, Inc. 
82 Devonshire Street, Boston, MA 02109 

J.~3b-UC-PERF1-0300 

Thursday, March 16,2000 

Courtesy of Warner Bros. 
..,.... 'The Matrix' has been nominated for best visual effects and 
is competing with lucas 'juggernaut, 'Star wars.' 

OSCAR: 
'The Insider' may 
cause Oscar roadblock 
Cocslll.ed froM ..... 13 
film. "The Sixth Sense" is the com-
mercial link. reflecting a serious, 
quality film that audiences actual-
ly went to see. Some oeoole were 
comparing "Sense" to I'"I'IU! Silence 
of the Lambs," but this is a ridicu-
lous comparison. "Lambs" created 
a culture and a world of its own 
and had so much more depth than 
a clever ending and a little kid say-
ing '1 see dead people." Plus, the 
suspense was meant to convey an 
atmosphere, not Simply to scare 
the audience. 

"Sense" should be happy with 
a nomination, which it stole from 
''Three Kings." That leaves "The 
Insider" as the sole roadblock in 
the path of an "American Beauty" 
sweep. People really liked the 

Rogue 
Portland 
Pyramid 

Red Nectar 
SloBrew 

movie, and many Academy insid-
ers conceded that they would vote 
for it had it been a tad bit more 
commercial (to date it has made 
less than $30 million). Al Pacino 
and Russell Crowe displayed 
extraordinary chemistry and the 
story succeeded in taking a seem-
ingly obscure issue - industry 
fraud - and drawing parallels 
between it and everyday life. 

"American Beauty" may just 
be too difficult to beat. It has won 
everything in sight and scored the 
highest number of nominations. 
Only once in the past decade has 
the film with the most nomina-
tions failed to win top honors. 
"American Beauty" is just too 
good to. share in that distinction, 
although Michael Mann is a 2 to 1 
shot fo win best director for "The 
Insider." Still, when everything is 
said and done, thp.re will be Ii ttle 
doubt which film dominated 
1999. If only they had an award 
!or that little plastic bag. 

6-PACK 
,:lus tax and av 

• Best selection of wine and specialty liqueurs • Over 300 beers, specializing in 
micro-breweries. Imported cigarettes, cloves, ond American Spirits 

• Premium cigars and ac~essories 

The UCSD Guardian mATUS 15 

FOR USED TEXTBO 
Buyback Mon-Frt 3/20-3/24 8:30-5pm & Sat 3/25 10-4pm 

AUTHOR TITLE EDITION APPROX. 
BUYBACK 

ALBERTS MOLECULAR BIOLOGY OF THE CELL 3 $41.02 
A~tCHEM .SOC. CHEM & CONTEXT (SELECTED CHAPTERS) 2 S9.50 
ATKlNS CHEM : MOLECULES, MATTER & CHANGE (WI OR WIO CD) 3 S46.24 
ATKINS CHEMISTRY SOLUTIONS MANUAL 3 S12.04 
ATKINS CHEMISTRY STUDY GUIDE 3 $12.02 
BELL ORGANIC CHEMISTRY LABORATORY 2 $31.99 
BIBLE HOLY BIBLE (REVISED STANDARD) S6.63 
BOBROW FUND OF ELECTRICAL ENGfNEERING 2 $45.58 
BOYCE ELEMENTARY DlFF EQUATIONS 6 $43.08 
BRANDEN fNTRODUCTION TO PROTEfN STRUCTURE 2 $25.32 
BROWN ORGANI CHEM BOOK & STUDY GUIDE 2 $50.83 
DAVIS INTRODUCTION TO VE TOR ANALY IS 7 $31.99 
DORNAN BRIEF ENGLISH HANDBOOK 5 $15.01 
DURKHEIM DIVI ION OF LABOR IN SOCIETY (REVISED) S9.IO 
EPP DISCRETE MATHEMATICS W/APPL 2 $45.46 
FREUD OUTLfNE OF P YCHOANALYSIS $3.78 
GOLDSTEfN ENSATION & PERCEPTION 5 $37.05 

. HACKER " WRITER'S REFERENCE WITH MLA UPDATE 4 $15.53 
HALLIDAY FUND OF PHYSICS OLUTIONS MANUAL 5 $15.84 
HALLIDAY FUNDAMENTALS OF PHYSICS 5 $51.94 
H CHT PHY ICS : CALCULUS $51.94 
HUGHE CALCULU (REVI ED 99) 2 $39.35 
HUGHE CALC 2ND ED. STUDENT SOLl~S CUSTOM FOR UCSD $10.85 
KERNELL LOGIC OF AMERICAN POLITICS $27.12 
LANGAN COLLEGE WRITfNG SKILLS WIREADfNGS 4 $20.59 
LAYMAN POWER OF LOGIC $26.34 
LEON LINEAR ALGEBRA & ITS APPL. WI ATLAST MANUAL 5 $43.70 
LODISH MOLECULAR CELL BIOLOGY (WI CD) 4 $43.70 
MANO LOGIC & COMPUTER DESIGN FUND (W/2 CD'S) 2 $45: 13 
MARX COMMUNIST MANIFESTO $0.95 
MCCONNELL MICROECONOMICS 14 $30.73 
MCCONNELL MICROECONOMICS STUDY GUIDE 14 $8.72 
PATTERSON COMPUTER ORGANIZATION & DESIGN 2 S40.52 
PAUL SPARC ARCHITECTURE ASSEMBLY LANG PROG .. . 2 $33.73 
PEEK LEARNING 11IE UNIX OPERATING SYSTEM 4 $6.15 
POLKING ORDINARY DIFFERENTIAL EQUATIONS WIMATLAB 2 S12.73 
PURVES LIFE (WI OR WJO CD-ROM) 5 S42.44 
PURVES LIFE STUDY GUIDE 5 S12.68 
RAIMES KEYS FOR WRITERS 2 $14.06 
RHOADES HUMAN PHYSIOLOGY (LOT # 3, 3 PRINTING/3RD/ED) 3 $45 .29 
SAVITCH JAVA $30.88 
SPINELLI ENGLISH GRAMMAR FOR STUDENTS OF SPANISH 4 $6.58 
STEWART CALC EARLY TRANS SINGLE VARIABLE SOL. MAN. 4 $15.20 
STEWART CALCULUS EA~LY TRANSCENDENTALS 4 $52.58 
STEWART MULTIVARlABLE CALCULUS SOL. MANUAL 4 S13.16 
TANENBAUM MODERN OPERATfNG SYSTEMS $33.73 
TAYLOR INTRO TO ERROR ANALYSIS 2 $15.72 
TUCKER MARX ENGELS READER 2 $9.50 
VOET BIOCHEMISTRY 2 $51.94 
WEBER PROTESTANT ETHIC & SPIRIT OP CAPITALISM S8.55 
WITTE STATISTICS 5 $38.48 
WONNACOlT INTRO STATISTICS FOR BUSINESS & ECON 4 $39.90 
WORTHEN HAf{COURT BRACE ANTHOLOGY OF DRAMA 3 $26.29 
ZUBRICK ORGANIC CHEM LAB SURVIVAL MANUAL 4 $17.10 



16 CLASSlFIEDS 

IT'S HAPPENING. 

EVE N T S 
Picture yourself Studying Abroad next 
year! Visit the Programs Abroad Office or 
Library and pick up information to look 
over during Spring Break. Located on 
Library Walk. Contact: Programs Abroad 
Office, 534-1123, abroad@ucsd.edu , 
http://www.ucsd.edu/icenter/pao. (3116) 

1!,~iaHljHe4M4~'tJ 
Why sell your textbooks to the bookstore 
when you can sell directly to the students? 
UCZONE.com. Buy or post your used 
textbooks online. (319·4/6) 
Attention 'Fraternities' 'Sororities' 
'Clubs' 'Student Groups'. Need to eam 
$1000-$2000 for a student organization? 
CIS, the original fund-raiser since 1995, 
has the solution with an easy three-hour 
fund raising ovent. Accept no imitations. 
Dates are filling up quickly! Contact us for 
immediate results atfundingsolutions.net. 
(312-413) 
SCORE BIG, SCORE OFTEN with 
MYBYTES.COM. Register today and get 
a free CD of cool music and much more. 
(213-3116) 
Attention SALSA loverslll New Salsa 
Dance Club will be forming during Spring 
quarter. learn some social dance moves, 
learn rueOa, help plan salsa dances, and 
meet new friends. For more info, e-mail 
Melody at Stars91913@aol.com(2f28·3116) 

EMPLOYMENT 
PT. AM Marketing Assistant needed for 
La Jolla consulting firm to assist in direct 
marketing, advertising, research, and 
operational duties; candidates a:e 
professional, detail-oriented, proactive, 
and ready to leam; multi-tasking and 
communication skills a must. Fax resume: 
Liz 858-638-1809 or call 858-638-1BOO 
ext. 18. (3116-411 0) 
Counselors Wanted, 
SUMMERFUN.COM @ UCSD, U of 
Michigan, Georgetown U, UCLA, & U of 

The UCSD Guardian 

CLASSIFIEDS 
The UCSD Guerdien reserves !hot right to cl8aally. edit. delMe oHanaive words and 
phrases. andlor refuse any and ali advertisements without prior notHlcatlon. The Advertiser 
will not hold the GU8rr/Yn liable for any ctalms relUttlng from !hot publication of !hot 
advertisement. The publisher will also not be held accountable !of any cl8im from an 
agreement made between the advertiser and the consumer. 
Copy should be reviewed by !hot advertiser for errors. In order to be corrected In !hot next 
regular Issue. ali errors must be reported by the correspon&ng deadline. Credtt wiN only 
be given for lhe incorrect portion of !hot advertisement. There are no refunds for canoellationa. 
PIe_ .. nd ell corre.pondence ~ardlng Cla .. llleda to: 
UCSD Guardlen, Altn: Cla.allled., 1500 Gilman DrIYe 10311, La Jolla, CA 12013. 
Actual location: Studeat Center A, Room 217. 

Vermont. Now hiring resident staff to 
mentor & accompany teens, for 4-7 
weeks, to amusement parks, concerts, 
etc. Must be 21 by June 20th, Enjoy 
working with teens, Possess a valid 
driver's license. We will be interviewing in 
your area soon. More info: Jason 
(8oo)645-6611 ,jason@summerfun.com; 
www.summerfun.com. (3/16-4/20) 
CAMP WAYNE- sister half of brotherl 
sister caml>- Northeast Pennsylvania 
(6/20-8/18/00). We're backl We have 
recruited great staff from San Diego and 
want you to have the most memorable 
summer of your life. Directors for Athletics, 
Gymnastics, and nature/Camping as well 
as instructors for: Tennis, Team Sports, 
Ropes, Self-Defense, Gymnastics, 
Aerobics, Cheerleading, Swimming, 
Sailing, Waterskiing, Fine Arts and Craf1s, 
Piano, Photography, Guitar, Video, Group 
Leaders. On Campus Interviews April 
7th . Cell 800-279-3019 or email 
campwaynegOaol.com. (3116-416) 
PART TIME EVENT Staff for interactive 
game company. Corporate events, neat 
appearance, personable, reliable, will 
train. $8lhour to start. Fun working 
environment. 858-578-6667. (3116) . 
ON CAMPUS JOB! GREAT MONEYI 
University Reader , needs sales 
representatives to deliver course packets to 
cIa&SM \heflrst two weeks of spring quarter. 
Courteous, punctual, repsonsible, and hard-
working sludents only. Eam $200-$700. E-
mail resume Icover letter: 
UREADERSOaol,oom. Call (619) 540-8789 
for information. (3113-311B) 
Marketing Representive. Listen.com is 
looking for a scenester to iead our local 
marketing activities including working with 
clubs, shops and on-campus activitils. 
This position is paid, part-time, and 
requires knowledge of the local music 
scene. Send resume and top five 
moments in your musical history to 

streetmarketing 0 listen .com. (3113-3116) 
Biology Tutor needed for 9th grade boy. 
Del Mar area. Calf Irina 858-792-6863. 
(3113-3116) 

YOUR DAD WANTS YOU TO 
GET A JOB. 

~ 
MAKE HIM HAPPY. LOO< FOR ONE HERE. 
GuiiuiWiCUSSlREDS 
Pasadena area Summer Day Camp now 
hiring energetic and responsible people 
for counselor positions. Looking for group 
counselors, lifeguards, and wranglers. 
Spend your summer outside making new 
friends. Call TOM SAWYER CAMP 626-
794-1156orwww.tomsawyercamps.com. 
(all3-41'27) 
Summer camp jobs! Roughing It Day 
Caml>- traditional outdoors children's 
camp in SF East Bay. Hiring full season: 
Group counselors, Instructors: 
horsebackride 1 waterfront 1 swim ISports 
1 crafts I rockcl~ I Mt. bike. Re~r. 
925-283-3795. Eillail 
jobsOroughingit.com. (3113-16) 
SPA/SUMMER MKTG INTERNSHtP 
$15/hr. Flexible schedule. (800) 697-
7957. (319-3116) 
Work on campus! PfT & Frr positions 
available in La Jolla Playhouse Ticket 
Office, March-November. Chance to see 
shows for tree. Apps. can be picked up at 
Mandel Weiss Theatre Box Office or call 
858-550-1010. (319-3116) 
SAlES CLERKS PfT for busy UTC-area 

NO (~OVER TO GET IN. 
NO I.D. REQUIRED. 

As a matter of fact, all you need 
is a few bucks and 
our phone number. 

So give us a call and discover 
that not all pizza is alike. 

- UCSD 45S:lg800ve ~ FREE DELWERYAND CARRYOUT 
r---------- ----r--------------~ : Papa' al: Pa : 
lOne 14 99 1 One 14" 1 
: LAB : One : 
: One 1"9 1 anda : 
1 limited del'" • • Coupon required . Additional lopping' .. Ira. 1 Llmiled Coupon r.qulred. Addltlonol toppIngo .",.. 1 

SO " ore only e.pi ... Y.ll/OO. L ucso._ only e. piros Y.lt/oo 
~--------------- -------------_. 

Classified Line 
Ad Rates 

StudInta: sa per 20-.1, 
FICUIIy IIIIIIf: .. per 20-.11 

AI othIrI: • per 20-.11 
Advanoe payment Is required. 

Classified Display 
Ad Rates 

St.oo per column Inch 
Deedllnee: 

_ _ .,..., A* Una A* 

Noon 11IIn. 3 pm T1Itn. 
Noon Man. S pm Man. 

florist. Fun, friendly environment. Aexible 
hours. No experience necessary. Call 
858.622.9999. (l'S-lIS) 
Wanted: Motivated Students to work for 
Brokerage Firm in La Jolla. Hourfy wage 
+ Bonuses. Flexible schedule. Call Kevin 
0(858) 459-1045. (al2..c117) 
FUN SUMMER JOBS. Gain valuabfe 
experience working with children 
outdoors. We are looking for fun, caring, 
SUMMER DAY CAMP STAFF whose 
sumlTl8f home is in SIn Fem8ndo or 
Cone\O Valley, Ventura. Malibu, SImi 
V.lley. or C.marillo. General 
counsefors & Specialists: swimming, 
horses, canoeing, fishing, ropes course, 
music and more. Summer salaries range 
$2,500-3,000+. For more information call 
8I8-784-CAMP. (312-5130) 
Tutors needed for: Languages, Math, 
Science, History. $12-$20 per hour. 
RenlJsunce Tutors: 619-291 -2844. (31 
2-416) 
Teach English in Korea! BA/BS in any 
major (Eng & SocISci prel). 1-yr min, 
housing, r/tfare, $1 ,7001m,3Ohr/w, immd. 
avl. a must, curr passport. fax resume & 
diplleqv. 619-293-3609. (312-3116) 
Eam $1200 first weeki Bacomean Excel 
Communications Representative. Qu8ify 
for a FREE Detl Computer! Information 
message, code 1120447. 1-800-215-5269. 
(2I28-alI6) 
ss 1,000 SS Fundraiser. No effort, Big 
Moneyll No investment. Work with your 
friends! Get a tree t-shirt too! Call Sue at 
1-BOO-808-7442 ext 104. (2128-4117) 
SUMMER DAY CAMP JOBS in LA, 
Ventura, and Orange counties . 
www.daycampjobs.com. (2/22-416) 
CAMPUS INTERVIEW8-SUMMEROF 
YOUR LlFE- Camp Wayne, NE PA. 
Counselor Specialists for all LandiWater 
Sports. Tennis; Outdoor Adventure-
Camping, MIn Biking, ClimbinWRopes; 

Break the 
dress code 

Thunday.NbuchI6.2000 

Saillnt/Waterski; Roller Hockey; 
Rocketry, A & C, Drama, Radio, Video, 
Interviews FRI, APRIL 7. Call 1-888-549-
2963; e-mail wayneboysOaol.com; 
www.campwayne.com. (2114-3127) 
SUMMER CAMP COUNSELORS 
NEEDED FOR PREMIER CAMPS IN 
MASSACHUSEITS & NEW 
HAMPSHfRE. Positions available for 
college students as general counselors 
and specialty counselors in aH team 
sports, all individual sports such as Tennis 
& Gotf, Waterfront and Pool activities, 
and specialty activities including all, 
dance, theatre, gymnastics, newspaper, 
rocketry & radio. (great salaries), room. 
board and travel. 6117-8116) . Check out 
our website and apply online at 
www.greatcampjobs:com or calil-BOO-
562-0737. (2/7-4/17) 
MARKETING INTERNSHIPS. 
AroundCampus .com , ·your online 
survival guide' , is searching for 
charismatic, self-motivated students to 
energize our on-campus promotions and 
marketing efforts. GREAT RESUME 
BOOSTER I Have fun and earn money! 
Call Christine today at B00-466-2221 x 
278. (1/27-3116) 
NOW HIRING FUTURE BUSINESS 
LEADERSf The Summer Managment 
Program. Mlirketing, Sales, and 
management skills trained. Confidence, 
leadership, and motivation required. Base 
salary of $5000+ profits . 
Average = $10 , 000 . 
www.varsitystudent.com. 1-800-295-
9675. (1/20-3116) 
$1500 weekly potential mailing for our 
circulars. No Experience Required. Free 
information packet. Call 202-452-5940. 
(1/18-618) 
Interns Needed. Psychology Today 
Magazine & Radio psychology, computer 
science, communications, marketing, 
sales, accounting, web site design. 
Contact: Valerie Mitchetl 760-745-5090 
or vmitch79580aot.com. (1113-618) 
Kaplan Educational Center, STUOENT 
ADVISOR POSITION-open immediately. 
Will train. Must be bright, service oriented, 
able to work in a fast-paced environment. 
Good interpersonal skills. General office 
experience helpful. Must be flexible. 15-
20 hrs.lwk, evenings and weekends 
required.$7lhrtostart. Please fax resume 
to (858)457-n~ ATTN Natalie West, 
Associate Manager, or apply in person. 
(3116) 

ROOMMATES 
Female roommate wanted to share large 

FOR THE 
FIRST TIME 

EVER: 
$10,000 

CASH IONUS 
PWI 

S50,OOO 
FOR 

COLUGI. 
OtOOle to serft in one 

of the Armr.s ~'p'-priority 
dtnal skilla, and ;:a~u1d~acash 

bonus of up to $20,000, if 
~ qualifY. Plus, earn up 
to $50,000 in money for 
coUege throusf.! the 

Montgo~ G.I. BiU and 
the Aimy COUcge Fund, 
if }!)u qUalify. 

Find out more about 
these great Army bcnc6ta, 
Talk to ~ loCal Army 
recruiter today,.It could be 
one of the most ~ 
calls you'W! ever made. 

......... ~ 
.)7 ....... 

ARMY. 
• ALL 1011 CAN II: 

-.......-

muter bedroom, $39O/month, 5 min from 
lieSD, 1/3 utilities + deposit. Calf 535-
1733. (alI6) 
UTC. $600, 112 utilities, $400 deposit 
Own room'bath in quiet condo. New 
carpet, washer/dryer, poof. 858-558-
m8. (3113-3116) 
Female roommate wanted. Clairemont-
stonehaven. Large room in 3 Bedroom, 2 
Bath house. $4251mo plus 113 utifities. 
Call Mark 858-581-2569. (3113-3116) 
Fully fumished master bedroom. Walk to 
school, undergrOUnd parking, tennis! 
billiards, pooVspa, laundry. Very nice! 
$550 obo. David (858) 587-9686. (316-31 
16) 
Female roommate wanted to share a 
bedroonVbathroom ata La Jolla apt. Only 
5 minutes from UCSD. $292.5OImonth + 
114 uti~ties. Available March- June. Call 
85', .587.4988 or 858.558.7650. (3116) 

FOR RENT 

AFF RDABLE 
LIVING ••• 

STUDENT HOUSING IN LA JOLLA -
STARTING FROM THE LOW $400,0008. 

GuiildWiCWSHDS 
La Jolla Condo near UCSD. 2 br/ba, pool. 
!vail. Apr. (310) 785-9103. (3116) 
3 Bedroom Condo near UCSD, UTC. 
';'.':liIabIe Sep:ember. $14OO1month, pool, 
washer/dryer. Call NINA 858-792-6453. 
(3116-4110) 
Room available, own bathroom. own 
entrance. Across from Revelle. Available 
April . $5251month (indudes utilities). Call 
949-275-2633. (3116) 
Single room, 3 brl2.S bath townhouse 
near UTC. $43O/mo + 1/4 utilities, WID, 
patio, gnge, pool. tennis. 411-6130, Call 
S18ph8n1e 552-9167. (alI6) 
UTCiLaJola Colony Condo: 3Badrooms. 
2.5 Baths, $1850, avallable late June. 
WASHER. DRYER, REFRIGERATOR. 
ACROSS FROM COSTEVEROE& UTC. 
858-~2. (3113-4113) 
Don't Rent, buY the condo or housel 
Cheaperthanrenl. Rei\1axCostal. JU<tth 

LSAT 
. GRE 
GMAT 
MeAT 

Haddox. 2Oyearexpert. 858.27U4n. 
Ba a happy home owner! (3113-al16) 
Lookilg for one meIow roommate (male 
or female) for own bedroom in lovely 
Pacific Beach house. ;6OO/month + 
deposit. Available now. Great yard, 
hardwood floors. share bath. dog ok. CaH 
Usa or Israel 0 858.270.9535. (316-31 
16) 
Room available Spring Quarter and 
beyond! Will have own room in a 3 
bedroom townhouse near UTC. $ 466 
per month + 113 efectric. Call Aaron 450-
1566. (316-3116) 
UTClLaJolIa Colony Condo: 4 Bedrooms, 
2-Baths. 1700 sq. ft. $2350; Available 
late June. WasherlDryer, Refrigerator. 
7967 Playmor Terrace. 858-454-6462. 
(316-416) 
Looking for a place to live? 
www.housingl01 .net ... Your move off 
campusl Search for apartments. Free 
roommate sublet listings. (2124-618) 
La Jolla furnished rooms-- kitchen priv, 
quiet neighbo~, private entrance, 
clean-non-smoker, parking-phoneline-
TV-Gable-Wind n' Sea Beach- uU. incl. 
$600-$695, 1-800-"5U322. (213-3116) 
2br available now in UTClLa Jolla 
townhouse. $490 +1/5 utilities. Laundry, 
parking and close to bustine. Call 
858.82".0522. (all B) 

VV ANT E 0 
EGG DONORS NEEDED. Responsible, 
Healthy, Women Ages 21-34 call 
Surrogate Parenting Services (BOO) 373-
9525 or (909)301·9997. Personalized 
service with generous compensation. (31 
13-413 

SELL YOUR 
WINTER QTR. 
IllS a HfRf 

IF YOU HAVE IT, LIST IT. .. 
IF YOU NEED IT. LOOK IN THE 

GuiildWiCUSSHDS 
Classlfilds "1 ONLINE It .... uCldgulllJln.Ofg 

Participants wanted for applied 
psychology experiments. Eam $12+ Ihr 
for participating as an experimental 
observer for 1-3 hours. Experiments 

DAT/OAT 

The UCSD Guudian 

InYOlve viewing Information on ~er 
displays and making I'88pOII88S using 
keyboards or mousa. Contact Sylvia at 
(858) 535-1661 for details. (319-3116) 

ARE YOU PREGNANT? I am a 
UC Berkeley professor who longs to 
share my life and love with a baby. I'd 
like an open adoption so you and the 
child can be ~quainted in the fulure. 
If you might be able to help, please 
call 800-795-8838 for info. 

EGG DONORS NEEDEDf All races. Ages 
21-30. Compensation $5000. OPTIONS 
National Fertility Registry. (BOO)886-93·73. 
www.fertitityoptions.com. (1127-4/17) 
Caucasian American research subjects 
reimbursed for interview. If you are a 
UCSD student, 21-25, call 552-8585 
x4185 for more information. (1/10-3116) 
Volunteers paid $30.00 tor interview. If 
you are entirely of Japanese or Korean 
descent, age 21-26, call 552-8585 x2182. 
(1110-3116) 
Jewish American Research subjects 
reimbursed for interview. If you are a 
UCSD student, 21 -25, call 552-8585 
x4185 for more information. (1/10-al16). 

SERVICES 

Auto Collision, Personal Injury? Let UCSD 
alumni anomey represent you. No Fee until 
we recover. Brett Peterson, 232-1826, 
Bauhaus830yahoo.com. (316-4113) 
SUCCESS Tutoring Services, hundreds 
of tutors come to you, at home or school. 

Licensing a New Business 
Editing. Press Releases & Business Plans 
If you're an Entrepreneur with Questions 

"The most tun you can e veT 
have in Traffic School." 
Classes weekly In La Jolla 

and San Diego. 
(800,775-LAFF 

ALL SUBJECTS at ANY LEVEL, 
competitive pricing, discount packages 
available. (619) S1-TUTORor(619) 518-
8867, or online at 
www.successtutoring.com. WE ARE 
HIRING. (1113-3116) 

PC • MAC time rent81. $6 per hour. 
BusIneaI Cerd., FAX,lntemet (UC 10). 
Cal Copy 452-9949. (3I2-alI6) 
WRITING PROBLEMS? Editingl 

prootreadin~torial help for any written 
project. Professional and academic 
backbround. (619)299-6367. (3116) 
PASSPORT PHOTOS, $B.95; Color 
CopIes 69¢ (UC 10); CAL COPY 452-
9949. (312-3116) 

PERSONALS 
I'm not going down on my knees begging 
you to adore me. (3116) 
griffin- i need to borrow some of your fun 
points.-y 

CLASSIFIEDS 17 

BEWARE 
t't't' _ 5 ECRE T5 DC 1 E TI E S _ D R6 

it is week 10! a.k.a. finals week for your 
favorite va major. have fun, and don't be 
mad if they can't talk to you Ihis week due 
to creative stress. iell be your turn next 
week. 

Guardian sports columnists: get off your 
buttsandstartwritingaboutUCSD ... once 
in a while? (3/16) 
Bertrand Fan: nice phrasing in last 
Monday's commentary. Any point you 
planned to make was lost after I had to go 
to my dictionary and look up "fellatio.' (31 
16) 
Leena S.: Have a great spring break and 
a HB (Wed. 3122) from the staff. (3116) 

Serving UCSD For 
Over 30 Years 

-CAMERAS 
-LENSES 

-CAMCORDERS ' 
-BINOCULARS 
-DARKROOM 

SUPPUES 
All p' O,scount prices.' 

UCSO PO. 5 <Ieee ted.' 

459·735 
7720 Fay Ave, La Jolla CA 
www.bobdayiscamera.com 

858-558-0500 

800-2-REVIEW 



18 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian Thursday. March 16. 2000 

qooJ·.fuch 
O#£tJ)i~14 
DOMIN~'s .DEUVERS 'IJ~TO UCSDI 

99 
TWO for $13.98 
AdditionaI'oppingl 51 .50 _ . DaJbIe 
o-SI.50. o.p DiohSl_ No_ 
S7.89 __ ""_ ,.quied lor doINefy. 

LIMITED TIME OFFER! Valid 3113 thru 4/2100 only 

, LA JOLLA/U~SD 
3211 Holiday Court 

(8S8)4S2-UCSD (8271) ' 
Use your """'1!9 Sun.-Thurs. II am-12 Mid., Fri. & Sat. II am-I am 

- - - ~ 

UCSD FINALS· BUFFALO WINGS • TWISTY BREAD 
, SPECIAL· '" 

:S~99 :IOWINGSto1 $1'99 : 
- ULARGE -$)1 99 - I 
- I.TOPPING PIZZA I ~ I I 
: TWO for $'3.98 : SAVE $1 : Freshly babd breaclJtlcb: 
I E"~=:3=: _ Hot & Spicy or88Q - ~~:~::: .. -
_+ UCSD 451-8271 -+ UCSD. 4U-817J -+UCSD 4U-8171 -_ 

l'lI not Inctuded. 17 011 rntn I T •• not inch.I6ed, $ 7 • min. I Ta. not Induded. S" act min. _ 
. purch ••• ' ..... odlor-.ry. purcha .. _odlO<-..y. ·_ ...... odlOr_ 

VaJid trom 3113-4I2l00. ..L Vddtroms/13o.4121OO ..L VaIid'rom"'~ 01 
. _------ ------- -------57.99 minimum purch ... required 10' deI .... ry. Limited delivery ._10 en ..... ,.,. drMng. Our drN ... Cllry _!han $20.00 

TENNIS: 
Prospects for a national 
title look promising 
c ........... ,.,... .... _ 
match I've ever seen her [in) against 
Washington University," Head Coach Liz 
LaPlante said. "It was three long sets and 
Rachel ran down so many incredible shots 
and was so mentally tough. It was amazing." 

The next match featured defending 
national champion Amherst College, the 
team to which the Tritons have lost in the 
nationals the last two years. With gutsy 
performances and. smart play on impor-
tant points, the UCSD women's tennis 
team came out victorious with a 5-4 set 
score. 

Sophomore Lyndsey Tadlock explained 
the tum-around from the previous matches 
with Amherst. 

"Their team does not have the depth that 
helped it win the national championship last 
year," Tadlock said. "We lacked that depth 
last year, but we definitely have it this year 
with tw'o talented freshman and four retum-
ing players, only one of which is a seniof." 

The team received extra support in 
Claremont in the form of family and friends 
who came to the courts to cheer on the 
women. 

"The girls were really pumped and six 
out of eignt players had parents and family 

MARINO: 
Quarterback's lack of a title 
does not diminish his stats 
Cu ..... d"... ..... 20 
never really taken that seriously and 
opposing defenses successfully contained 
Dolphin backs like Kareem Abdul-Jabaar 
and Stanley Pritchett in the '90s. Marino 
was thus taken out of his normal groove 
of throwing on almost every down, a rou-
tine he'd grown accustomed to over the 
years. This undoubtedly affected his abil-
ity to pass. 

Maybe if he had Terrell Davis picking up 

, 

cheering them on," laPlante said. "The vis-
iting teains didn't have that support, and f 
think it really helped." 

Coming off the enormous win, the girls 
did not let up and routed Rhodes College 9-
o in the last match of the tournament. 

The undefeated UC San Diego women's 
tennis team faces a tough challenge against 
Skidrriore College on ' Friday and Pacific 
Lutheran University, on Saturday to finish 
up its matches for the quarter. Both match-
es will be played in San Diego. The Tritons 
also took on a strong Iowa State team late 
Wednesday night. 

"Iowa State is a strong Division I pro-
gram, and we are just using it as a great 
practice match for our more important 
Division 111 matches later this week against 
Skidmore from New York and Pacific 
Lutheran from the Pacific Northwest," 
laPlante said. 

The goals for the remainder of the sea-
son have not changed. The players feel 
ready and psyched for their upcoming 
matcbes and hope to do well at nationals at 
the end of the tennis year. . 

"The only thing that comes to mind is to 
win nationals in our last year of Division 
III," Ho said. "That involves a lot of things 
and a lot of preparation and training for me 
and for the team as a whole." 

Tadlock added: "We first have to prove 
ourselves against other strong Division III 
teams, which we've done against Amherst, 
but tougher opponents still lie ahead." 

2,ooo..yard seasons behind him like Elway 
did, Marino may have not lit up the record 
book so brightly, but he almost certainly 
would have his ring. 

In the future, wnen his name is uttered 
and we see a graphic on television show-
ing where he stands in quarterback history; 
we will remember the star for his brilliant 
passing and not for haVing that silver tro-
phy missing on his living room mantle. 
Even without the ring, there is no way to 
say that Marino wasn't one of the best 
quarterbacks of all -time. Joe Montana had 
five Superbowl rings and Elway had three, 
but that doesn't prove that they were bet-
ter than Marino, they just had a better sup-
porting cast. 

Thomas Jefferson 
School of Law 
A Gr~at Legal' Education •.• 

and So Much More 
We care about our students and it shows. We provide 
an outstanding legal education in a uPPonive, collegial 
atmosphere with innovative academic programs. Our three 
new Centers for Academic Excellence examine cutting-edge 
legal issues in the areas of techn logy and communications, 
globalization, and social justice. Our nationally and 
internationally recognized faculty bring a wealth of e'xperience 
in nearly every facet of the law to the classroom. A dedicated 
staff, a diverse student body, and abundant extracurricular 
activities create a dynamic and cooperative environment for 
preparing future lawyers to practice in the 21st century. 

• Ranked fifth in the nation for quality of on-campua life iii 
Princeton Review's The 8m Law Schoob'ZOOO 

• Named best Student Bar Association in the nation at the 
1999 American Bar Auociation annual conference 

• Winning moot court and mock 'trial teams 
• Average c .... bas fewer than 30 students 
• Geaerous ICboIanbip prop'8ID f~ enterins studenta with 

• venae LSAT scores of ISO or higher 
• Step-by-step career counaelina and paidance, judic:ial intern-

shipe, and clinical education pI'bp'anw 
• Alumni include partners in lading law firma, numerou& 

judges, and • member of the United States Conpeu 

Please contact our admissions counselors 
to learn more: 

2121 San Diego Avenue 
San Diego, CA 92110 
(619) 297-9700 (800) 936-7529 
www.tj.l.edu • e-mail: infoOtjll.edu 

Thu~~~h 16,2000 The UCSD Guardian 

SPIKE: 
Victory could ensure 
postseason for UCSD 

"Their offense was so sophisti-
cated that they gave us points all 
the time," Larsen said. "Because 
of that, I did not think that they 
ever had a chance to win the 
match." 

Once again, the middles for 
UCSD turned in another fine 
performance. Matthew Holve, 
getting his first start of the sea-
son at middle blocker, led the 

SPORTS 19 

"We did a good job of serv-
ing," Larsen said. 'They could 
not receive, and that kept the 
pressure on them." 

The first game for the Tritons 
saw UCSD pretty much tear 
apart its opponent. The team 
served up 17 kills and its per-
centage for the period was .302. 
In the second game, UCSD 
turned up the intenSity a notch 
and spiked away at Vassar. The 
Tritons had a superb game in 
every way and slugged 26 kills 
for a .419 hitting percentage. 

barrage of 
sideou t pro-
duction. He 
hit .333 for the 

"We really had the best hitting 
in game two than in any other 
games," Larsen said. "We got on 

them early and 
----------- we just kind of 
arbeir offense was so ham mer e d 

match and sophisticated that they ~~~." at 
gave us points all the In the third 
time. Because of that I ¥a~~, t 0 ~h~ 

also posted 
nine kills. 
Earnie Yun 
also got some 
touches and 
added on 
seven kills to 
the Triton win. 

did not think that they jumped out to 
ever had a chance to win an early lead. 

Vassar rallied 
the match. » from their 

"1 . thought 
our middles 
did a good job, 

- Ron Larsen deficit, but the 
Men's Volleyball Head Coach Tritons put a 

cap on the bot-

which was important for us," 
Larsen said. 

The Tritons saw a lot of right-
to-left movement out of the 
Vassar middle blockers. Their 
complicated scheme was also 
coupled by a lot of their players 
attacking the middle of UCSD's 
side of the court. 

"They'd have four out of their 
six guys hitting middle and their 
team blocked mid&e a lot," 
Larsen said. Vassar's mobility 
made it difficult on their setting 
game. Their main setter, William 
Shapiro, did not operate very 
smoothly at the net and his team 
had a tough time passing . 

In addition, UCSD owned 
Vassar with effective serving. 

tle of their run 
and closed out the match with a 
victory. 

The two big Triton hitters, Zack 
Hite and Donald Chen, definitely 
showed up to the building. When 
these two pour it on like they usu-
ally do, the Tritons win. 

Chen got his 20 kills and Hile 
complemented the effort with 18. 
Both played an integral role in 
keeping UCSD's consistent pres-
sure alive by hitting over .400. 
Chris Mortimer also contributed 
six kills. The Tritons also sparkled 
on defense, not allowing their 
competition quality chances. 

The Tritons will face New York 
University at home on Saturday 
at 7 p.m. Come out and root for 
UCSD. 

THINKING OF MOVING OFF~CAMPUS? 
HERE'S SOME WHO DID IT ... 

"When I thought of 
moving off campus, I 
called TOBIN to help my 
family and I find a condo-
minium close to school. 
Tobin was able to help us 
find a condo that fit our 
budget. Tobin made it very 
easy for my family and 110 
invest in the right propertr 
Today, I live with my best 
friends, and our property 

has appreciated in value since we bought it. 
Give Tobin a call if you and your parents are 
thinking of buying a property around UCSD. 
He will help you tool" 

- Natalie Richard, Warren College 

You can: 
• Rent the extra rooms to your friends ... 

"We called 
TOBIN from 
Sacramento ... 
He took time to 
listen to what 
we wanted for 
our daughter. .. 
He knew the 
real estate 
market around 
UCsD ... He 

selected nice properties with our daughter's safety 
in mind ... We bought a property and we are very 
pleased with his services and professionalism .. . 
We highly recommend Tobin ... Give him a 
call ... He will be there for you!" 

- Mat and Carol Evans 

"Hello, '!'y 
name is 
Brandon Foster, 
a 2nd year 
student at 
Warren. I 
realized I 
needed to start 
hunting around 

for a place to live, so I gave TOBIN a call. In short, 
Tobin hooked me up! After I had found a place that I 
liked, he fought off other bidders until/he place was 
ours. Tobill helped me every. step of the way. He 
came to my apartment and took the forms and 
delivered them to the appropriate places for me. So 
now I have this property, but I won 't even need il 
until next year-not a problem! Tobin found renters 
immediately. The condo will be paying for itself 
untill am ready to move in. He is simply the best!" 

- Brandon Pbster, brfoster@ucsd.edu 

• Use the rent money to pay for the mortgage ... 

HOME PRICES' CONTINUE 
TO INCREASE ..• HAVE YOUR 

PARENTS CALL' NOW. 
DON'T WASTE YOUR 

MONEY PAYING RENT! 

. 

• You live in the condo for FREE, and .. : 

• ... your parents can write off the interest on the mortgage! 

COLDweLL 
OANl(.eR 0 

ASSOCIATES 
REALTY 

9988 Hilbert Street, Ste 100, San Diego. CA 92131 
Each office Is independently owned and operated 

Here's a way to pay for housing that is also an investment! 
Call Tobin today at ,,00"" Of,"" 

'"((.~~ (858)637-0609(voice",.ilJ (858)621-5279(officeJ 
e-mail: Finestrealtor@hotmail.com 

One of UCSD's 
finest is also a 1999 

SDAR@ Realtor@ of the 
Year Nominee! 



j.-

.. 

• J 

20 SPORTS 

Front 
Line 
Brian Welle. 

......... 

.., .. ..-.. 

.. ....,~ 

.., ..... 

...... -. 

... _--

.., ...... 
~ -RodThom 

Marino belongs 
"among history's best 

For my final column for 
this quarter, and this school 
year, I will pay tribute to the 
end of a great era in Miami 
Dolphins' history. It is the end 
of the great career of quarter-
back Dan Marino, who 
announced his retirement on 
Monday. Despite not winning 
a Super Bowl ring, the great 
passer eclipsed many records. 

His passing yard total for 
his ·career is 61,361, clearly 
su rpassing the totals of all 
other great quarterbacks. He 
holds the No. 1 and No. 2 
spots on the all-time list for 
touchdowns passed in a sin-
gle season with 48 and 44. 
Kurt Warner is third with the 
41 he threw this season. He's 
also tops in touchdowns for a 
career with 420 - 98 more 
than Fran Tarkenton and 120 
more than John Elway. 

What do all these statistics 
spell? Rocketman . Besides 
posting prolific numbers, 
Marino made people hold 
their heads in disbelief over 
how hard he threw the foot-
ball . He'd deliver the ball 
right on the money in 
between the outstretched 
arms of linemen and defen-
sive backs. Marino's awe-
some ability to split the seams 
of the defense brought him 
respect and admiration from 
his coaches and the defensive 
coordinators of opposing 
teams. 

One of Marino's most 
impressive achievements was 
making it to Super Bowl XIX in 
only his second season, 
despite losing 38-16 to the 
Niners in that game. That sea-
son, he threw for 5,084 yards 
and 48 TO passes, records that 
still stand. He will also be 
remembered, along with 
Elway, as a player who stuck 
with a team for his entire 
career. 

As the last active member 
of the famed QB class of 1983, 
the class that included Jim 
Kelly and Elway, Marino rode 
his time out with the Dolphins 
through the thick and thin of 
Don Shula's tenure. He 
remained on the team during 
Jimmy Johnson's five-year 
stay. However, as the organi-
zation's hopes of winning a 
Super Bowl dwindled, • 
Marino's determination and 
hunger dimished. 

Who knows? If Marino had 
had a decent running back lin-
ing up in the backfield with 
him all those years, NFL histo-
ry might have played itself out 
differently. 

With so much pressure on 
him to throw the ball all the 
time, Marino looked almost 
too intent on making some-
thing happen as he dropped 
back in the pocket in the later 
days of his career. 

johnson's offensive strat-
egy favored establishing the 
running game in order to 
open up the defense for a 
passing attack. However, the 
threat on the ground was 

See MAlllNO, Page 18 

The UCSD Guardian 

DaIIId Pilzl Guardian 
R.tum: No. 3 s ingles player Dan Albrecht returns a serve in Monday's match against 
Denison University. The Tritons emerged victorious 5-2 in the match. 

Tennis Returns to 
Its Winning Ways 
HEART: After a crushing loss to Redlands, UCSD flexed 
some Triton muscle, defeating Denison University 5-2 
By BILL BURGER 
Sports Editor 

In sports, as in life in general, a great deal 
about a person is based on how he or she 
accepts defeat. It is human nature for athletes 
to hang their heads and lose motivation after 
losing something they really wanted. 

finish off their·competitors and fell 5-8. 
No.3 doubles was the deciding match of 

the day, and Ari Frankel and Joe Diehl were 
up to the challenge. After getting up a break 
of serve early irtthe match, Frankel and Diehl 
were broken and the match went to a tie-
breaker. Once there, Frankel and Diehl 
focused and came away with the victory that 
UCSD needed to secure the doubles potnt. The men's tennis team showed its true col-

ors on Monday afternoon. After losing a 
heart-breaking match to arch-rival ............. 
Redlands University, the Tritons 
went out and got a hard-fought 
win against Denison University. 

"This was Diehl's first match of the 
year, and 1 thought he did wel~" 

SteidJmayer said. "Not only .did 
he play well but he did a good 
job of keeping his composure." 

"The Redlands match was a 
tough defeat because I felt that we 
were pretty evenly matched," Head 
Coach Eric Steidlmayer said'. "The fact 
that we competed as well as we did is a good 
sign for us." 

The match was not expected to be easy. 
Denison is a highly ranked Division III 
school from Ohio and was expected to give 
UCSD all it could handle. At the end ofthe 
day, .the Tritons had shown that they were a 
force to be reckoned with after recording a 5-
2 victory. ' 

Doubles play started out ominously for 
the Tritons. Halfway through the pro-sets, 
No. 1 and No.3 doubles were both tied with 
their opponents and No. 2 was down 0-4. 
Despite the poor start, things ended up all 
right for UCSD. 

At No. 1 doubles, Dan Albrecht and 
Michael Meyer found themselves in a dog-
fight early on. They finally broke through late 
in the pro-set and got the break of serve that 
they needed. They used that to boost them-
selves to an 8-5 victory. 

"Dan and 1 played probably the best we 
have all year," Meyer said. "We both 
returned awesome. It was the exact opposite 
of the Redlands match." 

No. 2 doubles featured Mike Rosett and 
and Scott Anderson, who was a late replace-
ment for Corey Moderhak who was benched 
in doubles play for disciplinary reasons. 
Rosett and Anderson got down 0-4 early but 
fought back to make the set close . 
Unfortunately, they did not ha.ve enough to 

Singles play was less dramat-
ic as the Tritons secured two easy 

victories at the top to take the pres-
sure off the other players. In all, UCSD 

recorded four victories in singles and secured 
a 5-2 win. 

At No. 1 singles, Meyer had little problem 
with his opponent, whom he also played in 
doubles. He came away with the kind of vic-
tory that Coach Steidl mayer has grown 
accustomed to - a 6-2, 6-3 sweep. 

At No. 2 singles, Moderhak was rusty, 
having not played doubles earlier that day. 
The first set. was tied at five but Moderhak 
broke his opponent's serve to win the set 7-5. 
The second set was also close, but Moderhak 
won the key points and took the set 6-4. 

At No.3 singles, Albrecht lost the first set 
quickly but came back to win the next two 
and won the match 2-6, 6-1, 6-4. 

Rosett split the first two sets with his oppo-
nent and took the third set to a tie-breaker at 
No. 4 singles. After a hard-fought singles 
match as well as a doubles pro-set, Rosett did 
not have enough left and lost the tie-breaker, 
plus the match. 

Sean Hi~tham lost his first set at No.5 
singles but-then rallied to easily win the next 
two sets 6-1, 6-3 and the match. 

At No. 6 singles, Frankel had a tough 
match but fought hard. He eventually lost in 
a close, two-set match 6-3, 6-4. 
. The tennis team will be in action on 

Saturday against Pacific Lutheran University 
(WA). Get out there at 2:30 p.m. to root on 
UCSD. 

Thursday, March 16, 2000 

Men Show 
Why They 
Are No.1 
VOLLEYBALL: Win 
against Vassar solidifies 
Triton's top ranking 
By BRIAN WELLES 
Associate Sports Editor 

The men's volleyball team was 
back in action last Tuesday night with 
the future of its season at stake. 

Vassar College showed up at 
RJMAC Arena as the o. 5-ranked 
Division 111 team in the country after 
getting knocked off by Clark College 
last Saturday. 

UCSD was sitting atop the pack as 
the No. I-ranked team in its division 
going into the contest and needed a 
victory to en5ure that it would get an 
at large berth in the playoffs. 

The Tritons faced some stiff compe-
tition but prevailed as they usually do 
against foes in their own division, 15-
9, 15-3, 15-8. 
• "They compete real hard," Head 
Coach Ron Larsen said of his oppo-
nents. "They have the most difficult 
offense to run in the United States." 

The Tritons simpler game plan was 
the key to victory. UCSD made it look 
easy as it increased its record to 5-13 
and took another step toward solidify-
ing a position in the national champi-
onship tournament. 

See SPIKE page 19 

Tennis Had 
a Perfect 
Weekend 
WOMEN: The three wins 
include a victory over the 
defending champions 
By ARVIND VASAN 
Staff Writer 

The UC San Diego women's tennis 
team stayed undefeated after a fantas-
tic tournament in Claremont this 
weekend. 

The team competed in the Pomona-
Pitzer Invitational and defeated 
Washington University of Missouri 9-
0, defending national champion 
Amherst College (NY) 5-4 and Rhodes 
College (fN) 6-3. 

"Overall the team really pulled 
through together to make the big 
wins," No. 2 player Yen Yen Ho said. 
"We had three matches in three days 
and although we were really tired by 
the time we finished, it showed that 
we could handle it and come out on 
top." 

She added that the doubles teams 
has been in a groove lately, and that 
has made the difference between win-
ning or losing against solids tearns 
such as Amherst. 

In the first match of the tournament 
against Washington, the team started 
things right with some tough .wins. 
Racll..el Gunther was one of the reasons 
UCSD got off on such a good foot 

"Gunther probably had the best 

See TENNIS Page 18 


