
Movement 2000 Leadership Tough One 
The Deejays and Vinylphiles Club 
throws its biggest event of the year 
this Saturday in the Price Center 

The u.s. electoral system 
penalizes female candidates 
for legislative positions 

The men j. volleyball team 
ran into trouble against 
Long Beach State 

Circulation 
11,000 

UCSANDIEGO 

-,,'{.]~ .. ~I."''-.... 
AdnII .......... 
CIttIcIz .. 8IocId .. of 
.... '. AppoIatb.e. 

UNITED NATIONS - The 
Clinton administration said 
Wednesday that it was "unwise 
in the extreme'" to allow the gov-
ernment of Saddam Hussein to 
exercise veto power over U.N. 
decisions on how to resume arms 
inspections in Iraq. 

Criticizing Security Council 
members who are blocking 
Secretary-General Kofi Annan's 
appointment of Rolf Ekeus as 
head of a newly created disarma-
ment commission for Iraq, the 
State Department said that the 
United States stood by Annan 

See ANNAN, page '7 

Dfim'H'!'.~I."~~ 
".lId ... CM .... 
PraPD ... $110 lllllon 
........ c..P ... 

President Clinton proposed 
Wednesday to spend $110 billion 
over the next decade on initia-
tives to help at least 5 million 
people get health insurance. In so 
doing, Fie basicaIly endorsed the 
approach favored by Vice 
President Al Gore in the 
Democratic debate over how best 
to cover the uninsured. 

The president said his propos-
als - a package of incremental 
steps to cover discrete groups -
would be the biggest public 
investment in hearth insurance 
since the creation of Medicare in 

See IIUUII, Page 7 

.... .,...ct.~I .. '~. 
Propolld AltzOllll SUIte 
IIIIs ... 111 MOllIter 
Student Web u. 

Hiatus, page 9 Opinion, page 4 Sports, page 20 

, D 

www.ucsdguardian.org 

Usa Huff/GUMc1Isn 
DoWIt ..... ~ Attorney M.E. Stephens speaks against the Knight Initiative, which would ban 
the recognition of gay marriages in California. The initiative will appear on the March 7 ballot. 

. Students Protest Props 21, 22 
COMMUNITY: Propositions aim to target youth violence, gay marriages 
By CHARLES LEVINSON trend of incarceration rather $51,000. 
Staff Writer than rehabilitation." Since 1984, the state has 

The recently created Student 
Alliance for Fairness and 
Equality held a rally in the 
Price Center Tuesday urging 
students to vote no on proposi-
tions 21 and 22 on the March 7 
ballot. 

Proposition 21, also known 
as the Juvenile Justice Initiative, 
is a 43-page bill sponsored by 
former Gov. Pete Wilson that 
aims to get tough on JUVenile 
crime and gang violence . 

Its opponents see it differ-
entlX' 

'It i~not what it appears to 
be," Alex Landon of th~ ACLU 
said. "The reality is a drastic 
reduction in the civil liberties of 
youth and another step in the 

The March ballot measure added 21 new prisons and one 
would increase penalties for university campus, and will 
crimes committed by juveniles need eight more prisons if 
and gang members and would Proposition 21 passes according 
transfer from judges to prosecu- to Emmanuelle Regis of 
tors the power to decide Californians for Justice. 
whether juveniles are tried as "This is not going to cut 
adults for murder and violent down on juvenile crime and 
sex crimes. this is not going to end it," 

Janice Jordan, mayoral can- Regis said. 
dldate from ·the Peace and Landon said that theJ'uve-
Freedom party, said that the nile crime rate has gone own 
measure is not a solution to cur- 30 percent since 1993 and that 
rent problems. "this provision does nothing to 

'''They are creating a system see it go down any more." 
where they just put people in Whereas proposition 21 is 43 
prison," Jordan said. pages long, proposition 22, also 

S.A.F.E. President Heather known as the Knight Initiative, 
Row said that first-year profes- is only 14 words. 
sors at UCSD earn $41,000 a 
year, while prison guards earn See RAUY, Page 3 

Briefly .......... · ........ .. .... 1JIIC·2 
All Around Campus .... IJIICe2 
Editorial ............... .... .. pac. 4 
Album Reviews ...... ... ,.,. 13 
Club Spons .. ............. ,.,.l. 

Thursday 
January 20, 2000 

VOLUME 99, ISSUE 4 

Athletic 
Director 
Appointed 
SPORTS: Earl Edwards 
will take position vacated 
last year by Judy Sweet 
By ROBERT FULTON 
Senior Staff Writer 

The UCSD athletic department 
announced yesterday that Earl 
Edwards has been named the 
new Athletic Director, effec tive 
March 1. 

Edwards will succeed Judith 
M. Sweet, who resigned after 24 
years to resume a teaching posi-
tion within the univers ity. 

"We had a searching process 
with a committee," said Joseph 
Watson, vice chancellor of stu-
dent affairs, who made the final 
decision of who would fill the 
empty spot. "They made some 
recommendations. I thjnk that 
Mr. Edwards would be a good 

'selection." 
Edwards served as UCSD's 

Associate Athletic Director from 
1987 to 1993. While previously 
working at UCSD, he initiated the 
Triton Athlete Associates, the ath-

'Ietic department's primary 
fundraising source. He also 
served on numerou.s campus 
committees, supervised six inter-
collegiate sports and served as 
acting athletic director in the 
absence of the athletic director. 

For the past seven years, 
Edwards has served as director of 
athletics at East Stroudsburg 
University in East Stroudsburg, 
Penn. 

During his tenure at East 
Strqudsburg, Edwards served on 
numerous NCAA committees, 
including a 1999 appointment to 

See DIRECTOR, Page 3 
TUCSON, Ariz. - University 

of Arizona students who !turf the 
Internet or peruse racy sites on 
university computers could be 
disconnected if two bills spon-
sored by Arizona State Rep. Jean 
McGrath, a Republican from 
Glendale, become law. 

Diversity Council Addresses Campus Goals 
One biD would prohibit uni-

versity students from using cam-
pus Internet connections for "any 
activity that is not directly related 
to a specific educational pur-
pose." This proposal is scheduled 
for discussion tooay in the House 
Public Institutions and 

"."tlleU ~ __ 
"I really hope it's not just 
the chancellor appeasing 
people. 1 really want to 
see actions taken from 
this. " 

-'filii ..... 
A.S. PrIIIdent 

See ItOry It rWtt 

OUTREACH: Chancellor Dynes calls town hall meeting to discuss progress of subcommittees 
By VINCENT GRAGNANI 
News Editor 

Members of the UCSD 
Diversity Council addressed a 
full crowd of students, faculty 
and staff in a town hall meeting 
Tuesday in the Price Center, 
which was convened by 
Chancellor Robert Dynes in 
order to address diversity issues. 

The Diversity Council is com-
posed of five subcommittees: 
laculty, staff, student, communi-
cation and pUblicity, and moni-
toring subcommittees, each of 
which issued a brief report at the 
meeting. 

~es opened the meeting by o a history of the Diversity C . In June 1998, he named 
hirnaelf chief diversity officer at 

UCSD and formed the Diversity 
Council, which officially began 
to revise and assess the efficiency 
of existing campus policies in 
January 1999. 

. Dynes said that his newer 
policies aimed at increasing cam-
pus diversity include a specific 
review of the diversity policies of 
each of the vice chancellors and 
the implementation of a floating 
holiday that staff members may 
use each year at th!!ir own dis-
cretiQn for cultural or religious 
events. 

Senior Learning Skills 
Counselor from the Office of 
Academic Support and 
Information Services Patrick 
Velasquez, chair of the student 
subcommittee, outlined his sub-
commlHee's recommendations 

to increase student diversity. 
He called on Dynes to assume 

a "strong advocacy role" against 
what he called "biased" admis-
sions policies that are instituted 
on a systemwide level. 

He added that although 
Dynes does not have control 
over system-wide admissions 
policies, he should still be an 
advocate for change. 

Velasquez- said that the sub-
committee also called for a sig-
nificant increase in scholarships 
for underrepresented students 
and for additional resources for 
retention programs. 

Velasquez said that while 
those points are only a begin-
ning, they represent an impor-
tant first step. 

NIf we can truly implement 

these, it would be a positive 
step," he said. "That kind of sub-
stantive change is needed if we 

See DIVDSIn, Page 8 



2 NEWS 

UCSD EVENTS 
Dance: Pi Phi Phever 
Come to a '70s-theme dance with the Pi Beta Phi Sorority at 9 p.m. in 
Price Center Ballrooms A & B. The event is free and open to the pub-
lic. For more information, call 271-8115. 

Dance: Eternity 
Join Kaipibang Pilipino for a fundraiser dance party. Cost for students 
is $7 . For more information, call 534-7763. 

Movie: 'Tarzan' 
See this film in the Price Center Theater for $2 at either 7 or 10 p.m. 
For more information, call 822-2068 

Frida Jan. 21 
Party: Non-sexist dance 
Join the Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Transgender Association for a free 
dance at 9 p.m. at the stage in the Student Center. For more informa-
tion, call 534-4297. ' 

Sports: Basketball 
See the women's team face UC Santa Cruz at RIMAC at 7 p.m. For 
more information, call 534-4211. 

Saturda J ... 22 
Party: Movement 2000 
The DJs :tnd Vinylphiles Club is bringing in over 50 DJs from across 
the United States for M ovement 2000, to be held in the Price Center. 
The cost for students is $2 plus one can of food, which will be donat-
ed to the San Diego Food Bank. For more information, call 547-4664. 

GUARDIAN 
MARC COM(R • JUUA IIUUA-MADrR 

Editors In Chief 
LRNA SHANKAR 
Managing Editor 

ROHRT FULTON 
Associate Sports Editor 

AUSON NORRIS JOSleA SCHEJlt'MANN 
Features Editor CoPII Editor 

JENNIFlR SPOSITO 
Associate Copy Editor 

JOSH CROUSE 
Associa~ Features Editor 

VINCENT GRAGNANI 
News Editor 

WAlT DICKINSON 
lliotus Editor 

BR(NT DON 
Opinion Editor 

DAVID LR 
Associate Hiatus Editor 

WARD HAN 
Associate Opinion Editor 

USA HUFF 
Photo Editor 

BIUBURGER 
Sports Editor 

NICK RUNCO 
Graphics Editor 

BRIANWEUU 1liiIAN WIllNER 
Web Editor Associate Sports Editor 

RECR\JITMINT COOROIIlATOR 
<JenevteV8 co. 

IDITORW. AIIIS1MTS 
Matt ~. Lauren Coortney __ w.TIIIS 

~e 00I<k0. Jeremy Gtay. Tom IN. Dille Yen 
_WMTERI 

Shannon Cast1e. Bertrand Fen. lJly Korman. Konen Wotnisch. Ham"" Gnffoth. 
MaIavIka Garc<>lIy. AleJus Denny. Beth Amese . Lauren Coortney, Man Schrade<. Pari .. Bohanen. 

ScoIt Dobros!<I, Jane Kim. _a _ 

-
BOan Mochadam, J,II Donofrio. DlIYtd PO • • Leo Der 5.e.,.,..en. Ene lawrence. 

Maw- leunc, Nrty Blumsack 
IUlJSTRATORS 

IIns"",, CItan&. Amin Fovtd. Mtmi Hsueh. Maysha Muhamedi. Josephine Roberts _as 
Man .. a Me'nlck. NiCOl. Alyeshmemi. Tiffany ChtnC. Andraw Quadrl . Charlie Tran 

COI'YHADERS 
YoIco Itowa. Jeffrey I'0I1l •• 

_DUlONEIII 
Sam Poyne-Tlncleff. Bradley Root 

C~ iUI'I'OIfT 
Andrew Chant,. 

PAMELA FWUOt 
Business Manager 

MillE MARTINEZ MAn ROHRTI 
Aduertising Art Director Aduertising Ml11IOger 

YYmlALCALA 
Assistant Business Manager 
_~ANT JoMph lee 

IA1.U _ ~ina Marquez 
__ • LAYOUf SI:y Fros.enson. Katie Keenan. Cosey e.~.nltuys 

~ _ANT Cristina Villela. 
ClRCUUTICIII ASSISTANTS 

Jason Allen, Jocob Meybetc. Corne EYefStine, Grec Emmannuel 
The UCSD GUlJfc1llJ{1 Is D\.ClUshed Mooo.ys lind Thursdays during the academic year by Bnd for 
the students of UCSD. Reploductlon Of til,s _spaper in any form. whether In whole or ,n 
par •• WIthout ,,",missiOn '. strictly pr""lb~ea. C 2000. 011 n&h1S reservea. The UCSD GuartlllJrl 
IS not responSIble for the retum of unsolicited manuscnpts Of art. The vteW$ expressed herein 
do not necessarily rellfOsent the ()CIinions of The UCSD GUlJfdl.n. the UniverSity of California or 
the Assoc'atea Stuoenta. The UCSD GuMd,an is funded SOlely by adVerUina. 
All: Sorry I mode Iif1t Of .., 11M life lest """. _ for ..... me. .Jl. 

Ne'Ns/Features: 534-5226. General Editorial: 534-6581 
Opinion/Sports: 534-6582. Hiatus: 534-6583 
Advertising Office: 534-3466. Fa.: 534-1691 

e-mail: edllorf#ucsc/tluarrlilll1.orl - . 
Guardian Online: hltp:// www.ucsdguardlan.orl 

UCSD Guardian, 9500 Gilman Drive 0316, 
La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 

Actualloc81lon: Seconcl Floor. UCSD Student Center Building ·A'. Rm. 217 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, January 20, 2000 . 

ETCETERA ••• 

~--~~~----------------------------~--------------~~--------~~ 
I 
, 
!. 

.. 

BRIEFLY. ••• 

Lytle to Give Benefit Liszt Recital 
An all·Uszt piano recital will be presented by 

Marshall Provost Cecil Lytle at 3 p.m. , Jan. 23 at the 
Ida and Cecil Green Faculty Club. Proceeds from the 
event will go to the Rebecca Elizabeth Lytle Memorial 
Scholarship Fund at UCSD. 

The program will consist of two lengthy Uszt 
pieces. Lytle will first present Fantasie & Fugue on the 
Chorale Ad Nos, Ad Salutarem Undam. Following an 
intermission, Lytle will conclude the program with 
Uszt's Sonata In B minor. . 

Lytle is an award-winning artist who has been 
appearing in concert in the United States, Europe and 
Asia since 1968. He is an expert in the performance 
of 19th and early 20th century music and has taught 
courses in classical music and black music history. 

The Rebecca Elizabeth Lytle Memorial Scholarship 
Fund was established in 1995 with an initial contribu-
tion of $50,000 from her family and friends. Rebecca 
Lytle, who was married to Cecil Lytle and led a life 
dedicated to public service, died from cancer in 1995. 

The interest from the memorial scholarship endow-
ment fund goes to support and encourage a select 
group of first·year students enrolled in Marshall 
College who are the first in their families to attend co~ 
lege. 

Tickets for the concert, at which hors d'oeuvres 
will be served during intermission, are $25. For tick· 
ets and further information, call the UCSD Faculty 
Club at 5J4.0876. 

Preu .. School to Hold Open 
Hou .. for Prospective Students 

Students Interested in attending the Preuss School 
next fall and their families are invited to an open 
house to be held from 1 p.m. to 3 p.m. Saturday at 
the school's temporary quarters on the Thurgood 
Marshall campus. 

Information about the school's admission require-
ments, curriculum and policies will be provided by 
Preuss School faculty and administrators. Current stu-
dents and their parents will be on hand to give per· 
sonal views of student life. Walking tours of the UCSD 
campus will be offered, and plans for the new school 
site will be available for viewing. 

Applications for admission to the school are being 
accepted through Feb. 15. Students who will enter 
sixth, seventh, eighth and ninth grades in September, 
2000 are eligible to apply. Applicants must meet three 
criteria: They must come from low Income families 
neither parent can hold a university degree and t~ 
must show the potential to succeed academically. 

Names of the students who meet these criteria will 

be o!ntered In a lottery, to be held in April, which will 
determine who will be admitted to the school. 

A total of 250 new students will be accepted this 
fall - 100 sixth grade students, and 50 each in the 
seventh, eighth and ninth grades. Added to this year's 
enrollees of 150, the school's second year enrollment 
will total 400. In 2003, enrollment will reach 700 sixth 
through 12th graders. 

In addition to increasing the student enrollment, 
10 additional faculty members will be added next fall 
to join the current U--member faculty and Principal 
Doris Alvarez. The school faculty is augmented by 
UCSO students and faculty who serve as tutors and 
mentors. 

Marking the school's 2000 fall term will Ita the 
move from its temporary quarters into a new $lS.l 
million complex of buildings currently under construc· 
tion on UCSO's East Campus. 

Tokjo Strl.., Quartet to 
Perform at M ...... vlll. 

The Tokyo String Quartet will perform In concert at 
8 p.m., Jan. 22 In the Mandeville Auditorium at UCSD. 

The program will include Beethoven: Quartet in 0; 
Webem: Langsamer Satz; Wolf: Italian Serenade and 
Shostokovich: Quartet NO.9. 

The Tokyo String Quartet performs on the PagBninl 
Quartet, a group of Stradivarius Instruments named 
for legendary virtuQso Nicolo Paganlni who acquired 
and played them during the 19th century. The instru-
ments were loaned to the Tokyo String Quartet by the 
Music foundation in 1995 when they were purchased 
from the Corcoran Gallery of Art In washington, D.C. 

The ensemble performs more that 100 concerts 
each year across the United States, Canada, Europe, 
South America a~d the far east. Each summer, It 
appears at major music festivals in North America and 
Europe. 

Since 1976, quartet members have served on the 
faculty of the Yale School of Music. They also give reg-
ular master classes at the University of Cincinnati 
College-Conservatory of Music. 

The Tokyo String Quartet has been featured on 
television programs including "CBS Sunday Momi~: 
PBS's "Great Performances and National Arts" and a 
national television broadcast from the Corcoran 
Gallery of Art. 

Tickets for the Tokyo String Quartet are $25 general 
admission reserved seatlfC, $10 for students for 
advanced reserve seating and $5 for students at the 
door. TIckets are available at the UCSD Box Office, 534-
8497 and at Tlcketmaster outlets, (619) 220-8497. 

Thursday, January 20, 2000 

RALLY: 
Opponents call 
measure di visi ve 
ContInued from ..... 1 

It states, " Only marriage 
between a man and a woman is 
valid or recognized in 
California." 

Opponents of the proposition 
said it was discriminatory. 

"The Knight Initiative isn't 
about marriage. It's about being 
divisive, discriminating," said 
Dolores Lesnick, president of 
Parents Friends and Family of 
Lesbians and Gays. 

In states that have passed 
similar initiatives, gays and les-
bians have seen attacks on cur-
rently existing domestic part-
ner benefits such as hospitaJ 
visitation rights, inheritance 
rights and adoption rights, 
according to M.E. Stephens, an 
attorney for Californians for 
Fairness. 

"The Knight Jnitiative intro-
duces gov-

The UCSD Guardian 

Lisa Huff/Guardian 
~ Muir sophomores Erin Harrel, Kari Berquist and 
Andy Boettcher chant "No on Knight"during Tuesday's rally. 
sored this proposition after com-
parable bills were rejected five 
times in the state legislature. 

Knight has sponsored past 

"The thing that I find objection-
able about it [the gay lifestyle] is 
their sexual activity. And sec-
ondly that they' re asking me to 

accept them 
ernment 
intrusion into 
private lives 
and choices," 
according to 
the 
Ca lifornians 

Knight has sponsored past bills to overturn the UC 
Regents) vote to offer bmeftts to domestic partners 
and to ban homosexual adoption. 

and their 
lifestyle as 
normal. And 
it's not. I 
make a judg-
ment. Yeah I 
think every-

for Fairness Web site. 
"Government ought not pass 
laws that regulate private deci-
sions about whom we spend our 
lives with." 

State Sen. Peter Knight spon-

bills to overturn the UC Regents' 
vote to offer benefits to domestic 
partners and to ban homosexual 
adoption. 

In the Aug. 19,1999 edition of 
the New Times LA, Knight stated:. 

body should." 
Lesnick disagreed. 
" Discrimination against gays 

and lesbians is wrong," Lesnick 
said. " Any discrimination is 
wrong." 

Think you're interested for news writing? Think again. 
Write for sports. 

Contact the Guardian office . 

DIRECTOR: 
Edwards focused on 
welfare of students 
ContInued from ..... 1 
the Division M anagement 
Council. He is also a member of 
the NCAA Division II 
Championship Committee and 
has also served on the overall 
NCAA Committee on Women's 
Athletics and the Walter Byers 
NCAA Scholarship Committee, 
both of which 

NEWS 3 

guidance, counseling and 
instruction necessary to enhance 
their academic and athletic per-
formance. • 

Edwards also oversaw the hir-
ing of an academic coordinator 
for athletics and instituted the 
student Athlete Adviso ry 
Council, which has been active in 
working with The Big Brothers 
and Big Sisters of the Bridge pro-
gram and helps raise funds and 
provide support for the Pocono 
Area Transitional Housing -
Henning House. 

include represen-
tatives from all 
three divisions. 

Edwards was 
recently elected 
the third vice 
president of the 
Nat iona l 
Association for 
A t hi e tic 
Department 
Directors and also 
serves on the 
Executive 
Committee of the 
Eastern College 
Athletic 
Conference. He is 
a member of the 
EECAC Television 
and Marketing 
Committee as 
well . 

Under Edwards} 
direction) ESU 
athleti6s have 
enjoyed success both 
on and off the 
fteld. Last year, the 

Edwards is a 
1972 graduate of 
East Stroudsburg 
wi th a master 's 
degree in physical 
educa tion and 
sports administra-
tion from the 
University of 
Massachusetts. In 
addi tion to East 
Stroudsburg, he 
has athletic 
administration 

Warriors had 
seven all-
American athletes 
and two all-

experience at 
UMASS, UC 
Davis, the 

district selections 
while a total of 70 
athLetes earned all-

University of 
Michigan and 
Drexel University, 
as well as UCSD. 

U n d e r 
Edwards' direc-

conference 
recognition. 

UCSD, having 
been one of the 
premier Division 
III programs in 

tion, ESU athletics have enjoyed 
success both on and off the field. 
Last year, the Warriors had seven 
all- American athletes and two 
all-district selections while a total 
of 70 athletes. earned all-corfer-
ence recognition. 

Edwards has placed a major 
focus on the welfare of student 
athletes, co-founding the Student 
Athlete Center for Excellence, 
which was created to provide all 
student athletes at ESU with the 

the country over 
the past 20 years, will move to 
Division II competition this fall as 
a member of the California 
Collegiate Athletic Association. 

" We' re moving from Division 
III to Division II," Watson said. 
"It is my hope and expectations 
that he will work to make the 
transition successful. We have 
been extremely succe sful at 
Division Ill. We' re really looking 
to build on that foundation at the 
Division II level." 

USE Y@U R ~ ~ ~ D 

. . 

Party Hard·, Travel Safe 

COSTAR/CA: 
$727 pip quad share 
7 nights hotel, roundtrip air 
from San Diego & private 
transfers from San Jose to 
Manuel Antonio 

CABO SAN LUCAS: 
$499 pip triple share 
5 nights hotel, round trip air 
from Los Angeles & transfers 
CANCUN: 
$679 pip quad share 
7 nights hotel, roundtrip air 
from Los Angeles 
& transfers 

MEXICO packapes 
include exclUSIve 

VIP PARTY PACKAGE. 
Ask you agent about 
early booking bonus. 

Soma r •• " iC1lonl apply. Subject 10 IvaHablllty. T .... nollncludld 

Travel 
.. ~----------------------~ ........ 

THE STUDENT TRAVEL EXPERTS 

C~e,<1p bcke,ls. Gr~<1~ <1dViv~. N;v~ p~opl~. 
UCSD Price Center (858)452·0630 

e-mell:CouncllleJolleOcounclltrevel.com www.counclltrevel.com 

'AII Cam' 
Two WINNING EAMS FROM EACH COLLEGE 
WIL~ADVANCE TO THE ALL CAMPUS C LOUrnamen I 

ADVANCE ONE tUCKY WINNING TEAM WILL THEN 
To THE REGIONAL CH M~ ONSHIPsl MI e D! 

SIGn UP AT 'rIOUR 
COLLEGE DEAn's OFFICE 

....... MarIhaI. MUt" 

-.-



4 OPINION 

E.ditorials 
Editorial Board 

Ibn: c-, Editor in Chief 
JIIIIa ......... , Editor in Chief 
a.- ....... Managing Editor 

.......... Opinion Editor 
"..... ........ News Editor 
.... Nonta, Copy Editor 

U .. ....". Photo Editor 
IINJ UCSD Guill/I." is published twice • _ 81 tho Un_sily 01 california. Son Diet •. Contents 
02000. Views Ilptessed hefetn represent the mllQn'Y VOle of the editorial board, WId Ire not 
_s ... ~ tho .. 01 tho UC 80anI of ~. tho ASUCSD. nor tho em .. GwnIia1 sttlf. 

Graduation Speaker Plans 
Should Not Be So F. Behind 

For whar is now the fourth year in a row, this cam-
pus is in a state of tunnoil and confusion over com-
mencement. Prior to 1997 - which was the year when 
President Clinton came to speak - there was no such 
thing as an aJl-campus commencement. Graduation 
ceremonies were held only at the individual colleges. 
The arrival of Clinton marked the beginning of a 
"three-year experiment," during which UCSD would 
organize two more all-campus commencements and 
then decide whether or not to continue holding them. 

In 1998, Chancellor Robert Dynes accepted an 
offer from then-House Speaker Newt Gingrich to 
speak at UCSD's all-campus commencement, enrag-
ing many members of the UCSD community. Dynes 
accepted the offer without asking for student input 
and later, during a protest, said that he regretted his 
hasty decision to welcome Gingrich to speak. 

In order to prevent the same situation from hap-
pening again, Dynes fonned a committee to select a 
speaker for 1999. After the previous year's contro-
versy, the committee decided not to select any polit-
ical figures . A list of potential speakers was fonned 
and offers were sent out, one at a time. The process 
was slow, as many of the potential speakers took a 
long time to respond. and in the end, UCSD was 
unable to find a speaker. 

The all-campus commencement was canceled, 
students and parents responded angrily and so the 
ceremony was re-instated with Quslcomm founder 
and CEO Irwin Jacobs as speaker. He was not a 
celebrity, but he is close to UCSD (he is a fonner 
faculty member), and he was enough to make the cer-
emony go forth. 

This year, Vice Chancellor Jim Langley recom-
mended to Dynes that the all-campus commencement 
be discontinued based on the poor showing at last 
year's ceremony. We at the Guardian feel that 
Langley's iII-conceived recommendation was mainly 
a result of his oWn personal dislike for the ceremony. 
The only reason numbers were so low last year was 
that there was constant confusion over the state of the 
ceremony. Moreover, it lacked a well-known speaker. 

Fortunately, Dynes seemed to agree with us on some 
levels; he charged the A.S. Council with the task of 
fmding a new speaker and agreed to go forth with the 
ceremony if an adequate speaker could be found. 

Now, lwo weeks after its deadline to find a speak-
er, the A.S. Council is still at a loss for one (although 
they claim to be close). We feel that in order to avoid 
the problems of years past, this issue should have . 
already been successfully resolved by now. 

At this point, the A.S. Council has an offer out to 
one speaker, with two back-up speakers in mind. 
However, the administration has nol yet committed 
to supporting the all-campus commencement. 

We hope that in future years, the administration 
and the A.S. Council will work together (and sooner) 
to plan a successful all-campus commencement cer-
emony for students and their families . 

Props and Flops 

~ Thumbs down to the ever earlier caucuses and presidential campaigns. The hype for Christmas doesn 't even last this long. 
Thumbs down to the closure of Voigt drive to 

Regents. If we can make tramc: on campus bad ~ 
enough, maybe the students will stop complaining 
about parking. 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, Januuy 20, 2000 

Look'N~ OUT· FOR MIS WILFARE 

-~. 

"tlow .,MNIi 
~1 '01\ "1M' 

America Trails Other Nations 
in Number of Women Leaders 
COMMENTARY: The u.s. electoral system penalizes female candidates 
By STEVE HILL .... ROB RICHIE A virtual laboratory for studying ables, is the use of proportional repre-
Special to the Guardian these attitudes is provided by nations sentation. When a majority of votes is 

It has been eight years since the that use both proportional representa- needed, as it is in the uS. system of 
"Year of the Woman" nearly doubled tion voting Ststems and U.S.-style s~~ seat winner take all ~Ia.tive 
the number of women in Congress. winner-take-a I voting systems. districts, a small number of discrimi-
But ever since, it has been slim pick- Proportional representatio!, systems natory voters can deny female candl-
ings for women involved in American use muJti-seat districts where a politi- dates the margin they need for elec-
government. ~ or alliance of voters may tion. Women are also less likely to run 

A recent study found that the only 5 percent of the popular when there is only one representative 
United States ranks 43rd in the world vote to win ~resentation. position open for election. 
in the percentage of women elected to For examp ,in Germany, Italy and Electing more women to legisla-
. I I I New Zealand, women are three times tures is not merely a matter orEair-
,ts nationa egis ature. Currently, more likely to be elected in seats cOO- ness. Practically speaking, the~ 
women hold only 12 percent of sen by proportional representation f . IegisIa Congress, which is lower than the per- ence 0 women an lures a 
centages in Mexico, South Africa and measurable difference in~ of 
Seychelles. In 1998, fewer than half of Pr"ctic"lly spe"king, the legislation that are pro and 
our states elected women to the .1' • passed into law. AlthOu outnum-
House of Representatives. presence OJ women m bered eight to one in Congress, 

The study, conducted by the non- legislatures m"kes " women have been successful in pass-
partisan Inter-Parliamentary Union, bl d;1'I: ing legislation long overlooked by 
shows Sweden leading the pac.k with me"sur" e 'JJerence in men, including gender equity in the 
43 percent female legislature. the types of legislation th"t workplace and education, child sup-
Denmark, Finland, Norway and the port fegislation and laws for the pre-
Netherlands follow, all of which have are proposed lInd p"ssed vention of violence against women. It 
at least three times as many women . la AI h h was U.S. congresswomen who 

. C mto w. t oug ensured that the offensive behavior of 
representatives as ongress does. b d h U.S. Senators Bob Packwood and Women also fare poorly in executive outnum ere eig: t to one 
offices: Only three out of 50 U.S. states Brock Adams were not swept under 
have female.. governors, and exactly in Congress, women have the "good old boy" carpet. 
one of our largest 25 cities has a been succes."+ul i,z, passino Most established democracies 
female mayor. ~J • v have rejected the American winner-

Given the success of American legislation long overlooked take-all system in favor of proportion-
women in many other areas, why has by . I d' d al representation because of the 
politics proven to be such hostile ter- men, mc u t,ng gen er underrepresentation of women and 
rain? Some propose that the cause is equity in the workplace other problems resulting from giving 
women's own reluctance to sacrifice 100 percent of the power to candidates 
their traditional home lives. For exam- and education, child that win only 51 percent of the vote. 
pie, Director of Harvard University's support lenislation and Implementation of proportional sys-
Women and Public Policy Program v terns in the United States at local, state 
Swanee Hunt suggests that many laws for the prevention of and national ' levels does not require 
women don't think politics is a reason- . I· rev~ing the Constitution. Changes in 
able option becauSe they don't want to VM ence agamst women. aPilillcable local, state and federal laws 
give up being mothers and wives. than in those chosen!k winner-take- w· I ~o. hi h Women also don't necessarily vote t IS .g time to address why 52 
, all methods. Sw en, Finland, percent of the po I 0· ha nI 13 lor other women. One recent survey pu a on soy 
revealed that both male and female Norway and the Netherlands - the percent of the representation. 
voters still prefer a man over a woman world's leaders in female political rep-
for powerful offices such as governor, resentation - all use proportional Rob Richie is eXtCutiue director of The 
tt I d d representation. Last year, women won Center for Voting lind Dtmocrtu:y lind 

a orney genera an presi ent. 39 percent of the seats In Scotland and Steven Hill is the Center's western 
While discriminatory attitudes cer- Wales' first proportional representa- ~ d 

tainlx play a role, they nonetheless lion elections. H ,·n irtetAor,,' ofThtyus~(~~~!" don t explain why women do so ' ~g DCXI.un rr."" 
much better in some nations' political In fact, comparative research has 19 9). For mort in,{ormlltion, ste 
environments than others. The key shown that. the leading predictor of http://www.fairvote.org.CIIIl 301-
lies in how elections are conducted. women's SUCt'e8S in national elections, 270-4616 or writt to: PO Box 60037, 

when tested against all other vari- WlIShington, OC 20039. 

Thursday, January 20, 2000 The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

Some Skills Cannot Be Given A Grade Step Up to the Plate 
COMMENTARY: AJthough the knowledge it takes to ace an exam is 
admirable, it should not come at the expense of all-important social skills COMMENTARY: Men love playing the game of 

relationships, but women get to make all the rule 
By ANGELA CARRIER 
Columnist 

Finally, I have overcome the 
hurdle that is fall quarter, and 
with it, the end of 1999. 
Surprisingly, this feat was not as 
difficult as I imagined, and I even 
experienced a feeling of triumph 
after overcoming the obstacle. But 
then I realized that there are still 
dozens of hurdles that lie in wait 
behind the first. 

Each quarter is like a new 
hurdle to be faced. Some stu-
dents will fly over it with amaz-
ing ease. Others will try their 
hardest to make it over, but 
sadly knock it down. Some may 
never make it to the hurdle at all. 
But in any case, the hurdle will 
soon be forgotten and all atten-
tion will be given to the next 
one. In college, the evaluation of 
how one handles the hurdle is 
usually determined by the 
grades a student receives. 

There is no doubt that stu-
dents desire to do well in classes 
and on exams, but if that aspira-
tion is not achieved, then what 
will their mentaJjty be? Many 
people seem to put a great deal 
of their self worth into the score 
that they receive on exams. I 
understand their passion for 
success, but it often seems to be a 
bit disillusioned. When people 
tell me that they did "badly" on 
a test, I have my perception of 
what constitutes a "bad ' grade. 
When they say that they got a B, 
I am surprised because this con-
tradicts my expectations. 

I suppose that is because the 
nature of the parameters of a 
good grade is subjective to each 

individual. Abilities and limits 
vary from person to person, and 
therefore, assessing oneself by 
comparison is not an accurate or 
reliable assessment. It goes back 
to the old apples and oranges 
analogy. Though working harder 
to get the same type of grades as 
your peers can be a useful tool to 
push oneself to the next level, it 
should not be taken to extremes. 

I must admit that hearing 

The ability to interact 
well with other people 
seems to be one of the 
most important skills 
in our society -
especially in an 
environment such as 
UCSD where there are 
thottsands of people in 
one environment. 
about my suitemate's 4.00 grade 
point average sent a wave of envy 
through me. But then I realized 
that she is simply an example of 
the fact that this is achievable and 
lhat her accomplishment merely 
substantiates a goal to strive for. 

While it's admirable that stu-
dents can receive perfect scores 
on their finals, that does not nec-
essarily make them better overaJJ 
people. Certainly they have 
proven that they can excel in spe-
cific areas, but they should also be 
aware that there are numerous 
other areas in life in which to 
excel. 

While I was visiting my grand-

mother the weekend before finals, 
she observed me pouring over 
my books and said, "Don't worry. 
It is only a test. Th'ere are other 
things in life." I found her words 
not only comforting, but they 
held a great deal of truth as well. I 
am sure that she has experienced 
those other things and knows 
firsl-hand about priorities. 

Still, it cannot be denied that 
grades hold significant weight. 
Grades are quite important for 
applying to graduate schools, 
future jobs, convincing your par-
ents to pay your bills and avoid-
ing academic probation. 
Nonetheless, looking good on 
paper can be meaningless if one 
is not able to present oneself 
well in person. 

The ability to interact well 
with other people seems to be one 
of the most important skills in our 
society - especially in an envi-
ronment such as UCSD where 
there are thousands of people in 
one environment. If student 
strain day and night over their 
schoolwork, they neglect the ben-
efits of personal interaction. In 
today's computer-saturated 
world, that aspect of face-to-face 
conversation is increasingly lost. 
Then it is of no consequence if 
one is socially inept but brilliant 
in some other way. 

Although the dust of the per-
son mastering the hurdles in front 
of me may fly in my face and 
cause bouts of choking, I try to 
remember that we are not only at 
this institution to learn, but also to 
understand who we are, which is 
worth a great deal more than a 
letter on a tra nscri pt. 

let/m@ucsdgliardillll.org 

By MARC COMER 
Senior Staff Writer 

Women dominate men. 
The lack of power that women 

are given in our male-dominated 
SOCiety is absurd, but the one area 
where women dominate is in 
relationships with men. Allow me 
to take you out to the ball game. 
RldlIICPI ... 

Nearly every relationship 
begins, and requires, the guy to 
approach the girl. (Girls often 
whine that pansy college guys 
don't do enough of this.) Rarely 
does the female take this frighten-
ing fir t leap, though most guy!' 
would enjoy switching roles. 

The female consensus is that if a 
guy wants a girl, he should have 
the ba lis to go cl fter her. The topic 
really isn't up for discussion, mere-
ly implied in the fact that men who 
don't make the first move never 
step out of the dugout. 
a.ttIIC lox 

After this initial step is taken 
and the guy has reached the bat-
ting box, he must then proceed to 
impress the girl. That's not saying 
that the girl doesn't have to do 
any impressing of her own, but at 
least she's not out $50 at the end 
of the night. For guys, going on a 
date is like betting on craps - it's 
always fun to roll the dice, but the 
odds are never in your favor. 

Not knowing the odds and 
being compulsiVe gamblers, guys 
often continue playing, expecting 
to hit a jackpot. Often, however, a 
guy goes home wishing he had 
quit while he was ahead. 

What's worse is that guys 
expect to pay. We're trained like 

circus seals from an early age to 
perform for our fish. Girls love to 
be pursued, and playing hard to 
get isn't merely a game, it's a great 
way to find out how interested a 
guy is. Every girl is a princess and 
expects to be treated as such. Why 
would she take anything less than 
as much as she can get? 
First .... 

After getting to first base, a 
guy can spend countless hours 
trying to steal second. The payoff, 
however, won't come until he has 
jumped through a specified num-
ber of hoops. This can range from 
calling often to candle light din-
ners. Even after a relationsnip is 
established, many girls continue 
to expect, or even require, guys to 
pay for everything. What's more 
is that the guy is expected to come 
up with things to do. If he doesn't 
keep it interesting, there's little 
chance of him rounding second. 
Second .... 

Guys, being the monkeys that 
we are, are terrible at relationship 
negotiations. We come to the 
table completely unprepared, 
wilh our fly down, sweaty palms 
and bewilderment in our eyes. 
Girls recognize this fear and take 
adva ntage of it like car salesmen. 
Typically, girls know what moti-
vates guys; they know what 
we're after. On the other hand, 
guys must be told whal a girl 
wants, as they each ha\'e their 
own set of demands. This puts all 
the ba lis in her cou rl. 
ThIrd .... 

First, a guy should never 
attempt to steal third; he'll get 

See PLAY BALL, Page 6 

GET PAID while you earn your 
Teaching Credential! 

Project 
Pipeline 

Participant List: 
WWW-Csc.ucsd.edu/csc/mcjf.htm 

Teacher Credentialing Program 
NORTHERN CALIFORNIA 

• Career positions & internship opportunities 
• O~en to all undergraduates and graduate students 
• 110 employers to attend-our LARGEST multicultural job fair EVER! 

Tues., Jan. 25 
Library Walk 

1 0:30am-2:30pm 

WWW-csc.ucsd.edu 
(858) 534-3750 

(If it rains, Price Center Ballroom) 

CO-SPONSORED BY: 
Hewlett-Packard 

Cross Cultural Center 
National Society of Black Engineers 

Society of Hispanic Professional Engineers 
Society of Women Engineers 

Student Affirmative Action Committee 

Mathematics, Science. English, Liberal Arts, 
Foreign Language, and Physical Education Majors ... 

YOU are invited to learn how to 
Earn Your Teaching 
Credential through 
a Paid Internship * 

*Full time, two-year teaching position with full pay and benefits 

Tuesday, January ZS, ZOOO 
IO:JO a.m. to Z:JO p.m. 
UCSD Multicultural Job Fair 

~ Library Walk 
For more inlormation: 

(916)914-8633 
Visit our website: www.projectpipeline.org 



6 OPINION The UCSD Guardian 

E-mail Undermines Social Interaction in the Modem Age 
COMMENTARY: Computer communication should not come at the expense of nonnal conversation 
By KIM HOOPER communicating without time or through e-mail accounts. Some e-mail cards with words like 
Staff Writer space constraints? people haven't been to a mall in "pookie" or "snookums" and 

First and foremost is the ages due to comparu·es like ama- computer roses (@----). Notto When I was faced with the 
hi anonymity that e-mail communi- zon.com that provide virtual mention the violence that will approac · n~ millennium, I could . ·d 1>, 

ha red bo h b cahon provi es. rye are capable sho~ing opr.rtunities. inevitably result from those blind ve ca ess a ut t e Y2K ug f .. . h I 
that motivated countless idiots to 0 communlcatmg . Wit peop e e are a going to tum into dates when SexyOnline proves to 
b S we have never met and can cre- shy., awkward, hermit-like crea- benotsosexyorOnlineStudtums uy pam in bulk. I feared more ·d f 

ate new I entities or ourselves, lures similar to feral children who out to be not so studl~ imre:rtant things - Microsoft, ·d t·t· h A 
P I en I les t at mal: not re ect have never had social interaction. Lastly., there is e issue of o ernon, Britney Spears - that I h b Id 

IJ Ii w 0 we are, ut w 0 we wou Our serlSe of self will be based intellectual erosion. I remember sti be ·eve have a much greater n be 1M be I 
chance of destroying the world as 1 e to . e gin to rep ace upon the dependence on that lit- typing my first e-mail.using 
we know it. real-life encounters with an elec- tIe, mechanical voice that says, proper punctuation, capitalized 

But the evil danger of what I tronic community. We don't have "You've got mail!" E-mail glitches letters and (don't gasp) para-
call the "iePular culture factor" is to worry about how we look, we and network errors could be as graphs. Slowly, it became too 

. b d h f can pick our noses freely and we traumatic as stock market crashes. much of a hassle to stn·ke the shift 
nohcea e an t ere ore stop- h d I k pable. Bill Gates' empire will can use tee ete ey to re-write I envision riots, anarchy, chaos ... . key to capitalize, and a strain to 
probably be dismantled by the stretch my overworked fingers to 
U.S. government before he can hit the nOW-i!Xtinct comma, peri-
unveil his plan for world domina- We are all going to turn into shy, awkward, od and semicolon keys. This did 
tion; many kids will kill each hermit-like creatures similar to feral children who not bother me much, though I felt 
other over Pokemon cards so that have never had "oc';al';n+-e .. nc";on. guilty thinking how hurt my first 
there will be nobody left to trade -" .. .. ", ,"' H grade teacher would be if she 
them; Britney Spears' breast knew of my downward spiral 
implants are bound to leak and into the sixth circle of grammar 
delay her concert tour for "an stupid statements and prepare Hey, it could be entertaining! hell. Lately, I have been horrified 
undetermined amount of time." another response while we are A huge part of this e-mail epi- to observe e-mail techniques 

I have reasoflS for being opti- talking to online friends. demic is online dating. Pardon the crossing over into school essays 
mistic: After all, the Power This development of a com- Seinfeld cliche, but what is the and business letters. I fear we are 

fort zone in cybersfeace decreases deal WI·th that? If ~u have not ent · futu f t-'--' Rangers, Bamey, New Kids on the . enng a re 0 compu ClI£CU 
Block, pogs and Teletubbies have the ability of peop e to interact in visited one of those eb sites ded- happy faces :) and insertions of 
all vanished into has-been obliv- the real world. We fi nd security icated to personals, please go. But "LOL" after funny remarks in 
ion. in our online identit ies and run be warned: You may harm your- non-Internet communication. 

My real concern is for the dis- to those identities to escape the self by oxygen deprivation E-mail exploits our laziness 
. d ·1 th If vulnerability and uneasiness of brought on by uncontrollable with its converu·ence and I·t allows gUise eVI - e wo in sheep's II ·f 

I h rea - I e interaction. laughter, or by hitting an extremi- us to reduce our """;~I lives. It IS· c ot ing so to speak. My real fear Wha fun ~ 
. d hin t was once is now bor- ~ on your computer desk as you great if it is not abused, but I·t IS towar t · gs that have stay- d . . Ou Id 
. d enng on msane. r wor is aU to the floor in a fit of hysteria. seems to have gotten out of hand. mg power an appears so be· red ed nI benign, so lovable, so student- mg uc to 0 ine compa- I don't mean to criticize those I wonder what would have hap-
friendly. I'm not talking about nies run by people who work looking for love online ... well, I pened if Y2K had rendered c0rn-
S b ks ( I h h from their homes and don't real- ~ess I do. I would hate to think kuters useless. Maybe that would tar uc a t oug I recognize . tha th 
the monopolistic capabilities of tze t e guy standing next to t people are really so insecure ve been good, although I do 

och ) d them in line at McDonald's is their with themselves and their ability detest Spam. At least we could m as, an I'm not talking k A h 
about digital cable. co-wor er. not er proposal to meet a live person. If that's the have returned to the good 01' 

I lkin bo would create educational courses case, everyone needs a maJO· r dose hhone call or a real, grammatical-am ta . ~ a ut is e-mail. 
Th . I that would enable students to of self-e>teem. y correct letter or - dare I say-e e-mal revo ution was 

promising at first. What could learn in front of a computer screen I say we are bound for destruc- personal contact. 
·bl th and have no interaction with their tion if we continue these ridicu- Plttlse e-mail any com-_M to.· POSSI Y go wrong wi people , be d "K'~ pro.essors yon messages sent lous marriages based on sending letterS@Ucsdguardum.org 

Thursday. January 20. 2000 

PLAY BALL: 
Girls have many 
means of control 
C . ........ tn.,.... 
picked off every time. Emotionally, 
girls are much better equipped to 
manipulate a reJationship. With an 
arsenal full of guilt trips, aying at 
will and furious anger, women can 
easily control any man. As William 
Congreve wrote, "Heav'n has no 
rage like love to hatred 
turn'dlNor Hell a fury like a 
woman scorn'd." 

Somewhere at about this stage, 
comes the hitting double stan-
dard. A girl will test her ability to 
hit a guy. Most often she'll find, 
that this is great way to keep her 
man in check. Sure, guys should-
n't hit girls, but girls shouldn't hit 
guys either. Just because she did-
n't close her hand, \ioesn' t mean 
it didn't hurt. 
............. Ibtni ......... 

Reaching home can complicate 
the game even further. Sex 
becomes a reward for the guy. 
While he may be happy that he at 
least scored, the real trouble come 
in a form of manipulation. The 
girl controls when and how often 
they have sex. Withholding sex 
can become a punishment as well. 
Even at this stage in the game, 
many girls expect the guy to still 
pay for everything, which is just 
plain wrong. 

The rules should be changed 
so that each person in a relation-
ship pay equally. It would end 
any confusion about whether a 
guy has "earned it.'" On the same 
note, guys should realize that lex 
isn' t a reward and isn't just for 
them. If guys realized this, more 
girls would enjoy sex as much as 
men do, even if they still don't 
want it as often. 

Idter9ijucsdguardum.org 

There's a reason 
we're the #1 
MeAT course. 

8,,0C;"· 

Why do more students choose Kaplan MCAT than aU other 
prep courses combined? Is it our expert teachers? .. Convenient 

class schedules? .. Comprehensive review materials and up-to-date 
practice MCATs? .. Could it be our online MCAT topical tests 

available 24 hours a day. 7 days a week? 

Answer: All of the above. 

Class starts on campus January 25. Call to enroll! 

1-800-11'· TEST 
kaptest.com· AOL keyword: kaplan 

Kaplan gets you in. 

I 
I 
I 
11 

I 
z 
11 

J 
I 
• 
• J 

To get in: 
Call (858)534-3467 
--------------- -------- ~ 

GiJiildlA~~ THURS. 
• ~ JAN. 20 

PREP COURSES P . R · nnceton evlew ...................... . P. 8 
COFFEE . 
Art of Esp resso ......... ... ... ........ P. 11 

SMOOTHIES 
Jamba Jui ce ....... .. .. .. ........... .. .. P. 11 

TRAVEL ! 
Counc il Trave l. ....... ..... ............. P.3 

HANGOUTS 
Kahuna's ............................... P. 1 5 

ENTERTAINMENT 
",Ravenshead* .. ...... .......... ....... P. 14 

Thursday. January 20. 2000 The UCSD Guardian NEWS 7 

University Ravaged by Student Strike ANNAN: 
Russia, France and 
China objected 

State Department spokesman, 
James Rubin, said Wednesday. 
Giving Iraq veto power, he said, 
is "a prescription for problems." MEXICO CITY - The bat-

tered look of the National 
Autonomous University of 
Mexico, with its walls tattooed in 
insurrectionist graffiti and its 
courtyards converted to tent 
camps for strikers, are only the 
most visible signs of deteriora-
tion during the months of a stu-
dent strike. 

Once a proud symbol of pub-
licly financed education for the 
masses, this university - with 
275,000 students the largest in 
Latin America - has suffered 
losses in students, · research, 
finances and academic stature 
that it will probably never recoup. 

The strike began last April as 
a limited student protest seeking 
to preserve free tuition and open 
admissions. But it soon exploded 
out of the control of the adminis-
trators, President Emesto 

intertwined economy and the 
competitive, free market policies 
that are changing Mexico. 

l'his week, the administration 
and the strikers are headed for a 
showdown. Dueling referen-
dums will allow each side to 
gauge its support. A 48-hour vote 

The strike began last 
April as a limited 
student protest seeking 
to preserTJe free tuition 
and open admissions. 
But it soon exploded 
out of the control of the 
administrators. 

Zedillo and _ even the broad- organized by the students on 
based student organization that their platform ended Wednesday. 
initiated it. A separate "plebiscite" to vete on 

It has dragged on because of a a counterproposal by university 
tough, anarchic leftist movement • President Juan Ramon de la 
that took control of the student Fuente takes place Thursday. 
revolt, akin to the radicalism that The strike at the UNAM, its 
clashed with police last month at Spanish acronym, began when 
the World Trade OrKanization students rejected a plan by its for-
meeting in Seattle. lts larger mer president, Francisco Bames 
sworn enemy is the globally de Castro, to raise tuition to about 

$75 a semester from 2 cents. 
The strikers also demanded 

reinstatement of open admissions 
for all students from a number of 
public high schools, canceled in 
1995, ana to hold a congress of 
faculty, students and workers to 
reorganize the university. 

Along the way the strikers 
won battle after battle, and 
always asked for more. In June 
Bames scrapped his tuition plan. 
In November he resigned in 
defeat. The strikers pressed on. 

On Jan. 5, de la Fuente, the 
former health minister who 
replaced Barnes, offered a plan 
to suspend all tuition payments 
indefinitely, cancel most crimi-
nal charges against protesters 
and open the general congress. 
The strikers rejected his offer on 
the grounds that it came from 
the administration, not from 
them. 

According to its treasurer, Jose 
Manuel Covarrubias, the strike 
so far has cost the university 
about $205 million, mainly in 
salaries paid to 30,000 teachers 
and 28,000 workers when no 
classes were under way. 

- Julia Preston 
TIU! New York Times 

COB" . ... frOBl ..... 1 
and Ekeus, an arms control 
expert who is now Sweden's 
ambassador in Washington. 

Russia, France and China 
have objected to 

The issue has been put more 
or less on hold in the Security 
Council while negotiations con-
tinue behind the scenes in diplo-
matic meetings and through 
higher-level officials in national 
capitals. 

Richard 
the return of 
Ekeus, who was 
executive chair-
man of the first 
disarmament 
commission for 
Iraq from its cre-
ation after the 
Persian Gulf War 
in 1991 until 
1997. They say 
that Ekeus, who 
cooperated close-
ly with the 
United States, 
including in the 

The issue has been 
put more or less on 
hold in t~e Security 
Council while 

Holbrooke, the 
U.S. representa-
tive at the United 
NatioflS and this 
month's Security 
Council presi-
dent, said on 
Tuesdar that the 
counci would 
have to tackle the 
issue but he 
could not predict 
how or when. He 
also said that it 
was possible that 
candidates other 
than .Ekeus 
might have to be 
cOflSidered. 

gathering of 
intelligence in 
Iraq, is unaccept-
able to the Iraqis. 

negotiations 
continue behind 
the scenes in 
diplomatic 
meetings and 
through higher-
level officials in 
national capitals. 

Ekeus has 
"If we allow Iraq to make the 

decisioflS as some seem to·want, 
we are putting the whole system 
on its head, and we're never 
going to get the disarmament 
the resolutions require," the 

said nothing publicly, but an 
official here said that he is in 
touch frequently with Annan. 

- By Barbara Crosette 
The New York Times 

.~'~'.[.1~'~'.n:l" '6."'~'~'1[.1~"'.~Ul"'6."'~'~'.[.1~'~'.~L:l'.' ..... ~'~'.[.1~'~t..~I:l'.'6. ... ~'~'.[.1~'~l.~I:l'.'6. ... 
Supreme Court Hears Case 
on Free Speech an~ Clinics 

WASHINGTON - The 
Supreme Court wrestled 
Wednesday with whether a 
Colorado law intended to protect 
patients and staff members at 
abortion clinics from intimidation 
and verbill harassment goes too 
far in limiting demonstrators' 
right to free speech. 

The Colorado Supreme Court 
upheld the 1993 law in a chal-
lenge brou§ht by three "sidewalk 
counselors ' who travel around 
Colorado to abortion clinics and 
seek to dissuade women entering 
the clinics from going ahead with 
their scheduled abortions. The 
three abortion opponents display 
signs and a model of a fetus, dis-
tribute literature, and try to con-
verse with the patients. 

The Colorado law established 
a 100-foot zone around the 
entrance to any "'health care facil-
ity." Within this zone, ~ple may 
not, without consent, knOwingly 
approach another person within 8 
feet" for the purpose of passing 
out literature or engaging in "'oral · 
protest, education, or counseling" 

HEALTH: 
President aims to 
expand programs 
eoa .. u d froM ,... 1 
1965. 

In announcing his proposals 
at the White House, Clinton 
returned to a pivotal theme of his 
career, an issue on which he won 
the presidency in 1992 and then 
ran aground two years later. 

The president, like Gore, 
would expand existing programs 
like Medicaid and the new 
Children's Health Insurance 
Program, while Gore's rival for 
the Democratic presidential nom-
ination, former Sen. Bill Bradley 
of New Jersey, would dismantle 
and replace much of Medicaid, 
the federal-state health program 
for low-income people. 

The biggest new element of 
Clinton's package is a proposal to 
let parents enroll in these pro-
grams with their children. 

Regardless of whether the 
president's proposals become 

on a public sidewalk. A violation 
is a misdemeanor, punishable by 
a fine of up to $750 or six months 
in jail. 

The law "converts. protected 
speech into a crime," Jay A. 
Sekulow, representing the three 
protesters, told the justices. 

But lawyers representing 
Colorado and the Clinton admin-
istration, supporting the state, 
argued that the law did not curb 
any speech, because one person 
can speak to another from a dis-
tance of 8 feet in a conversational 
tone and still be heard. "What this 
statute prohibits is moving in on 
somebody," Barbara D. 
Underwood, a deputy solicitor 
general, told the court. 

The Colorado law does not 
mention abortion, . and the state 
defends it as a neutral statute that 
operates without respect to a par-
ticular message. Scalia · appeared 
to doubt this. "I t.hink we know 
what it's aimed at, which is abor-
tion protest," he said. 

- Unda Greenhouse 
The New York Times 

law, they will influence the 
debate over health care in this 
year's presidential campaign. 
Charles N. Kahn ill, president of 
the Health 

Insurance Association of 
America, said Republican candi-
dates for president had "basically 
ignored" the issue of the unin-
sured but would have to address 
it because it was a critical issue 
for Democrats. It seems unlikely 
that a Congress controlled by 
Reyublicans would make a polit-
ica gift to Gore by approving his 
proposals or adopting the presi-
dent's package intact. But 
Republicans said they would 
address the problem of the unin-
sured. 

Clinton is juggling other major 
health care proposals, and he has 
not publicly defined his priori-
ties. He has proposed a $28 bil-
lion package of subsidies for 
long-term care and an expansion 
of Medicare to cover prescription 
drugs, at a cost exceeding $118 
billion over 10 years. 

- Robert Pear 
The New York Times 

Republicans Discuss Ads 
BOSTON With the 

Republican battle over tax-cut-
ting escalating daily, Sen. John 
McCain demanded Wednesday 
that Gov. George W. Bush stop 
running a commercial attacking 
his tax cut plan, while Bush 
advisers visited McCain head-
quarters to ICrUtinize his tax cal-
culations. Those were the high-
lights of a campaign day that 
veered from the serious to the 
surreal to the silly. 

The ad at the center of the 
controversy repeats the line of 
attack against McCain that Bush 
began at the Des Moines debate 
on Saturday when he charged 
that one small aspect of 
McCain's tax cut proposal, 
which would repeal tax exemp-
tions for certain employer-pro-
vided fringe benefits, would in 
effect raise taxes by $40 billion 
and hurt working people. 

McCain insisted that this was 
not true and called on Bush to 
stop, running the commercial. 

'It may be a sign of some des-

peration because they lire look-
ing at the same polls we are," he 
said of the Bush campaign. 

He also released a letter from 
outside fiscal experts to back his 
contention that his proposal 
would cost less than $4 billion 
and would affect employers, not 
employees. 

But Bush, campaigning in 
New Hampshire, did not back 
down. "All I'm .doing is talking 
about what he put down on 
paper," he said. 

The events capped a day that 
brought a sharp new tone of 
acrimony to the struggle for the 
Republican presidential nomina-
tion just before the Iowa caucus-
es and New Hampshire primary. 
It narrowed the race to one issue: 
taxes and how best to cut them. 

Like his party's most avid 
tax:eutters, Bush has proposed a· 
sweeping five-year, S485 billion 
tax cut that reduces tax rates 
across the board. McCain has 
called for a tax cut of just under 
$240 billion to allow billions of 

dollars of the federal surplus to 
be devoted to Social Security, 

Medicare and reducing the 
national debt. Perhaps the odd-
est political theater of the day 
came about after Rick Davis, 
McCain's campaign manager, 
told Karl Rove, the chief strate-
gist for the Bush campaign, on 
"Good Morning, America" that 
the McCain campaign would be 
glad to answer any lingering 
questions the Bush camp had 
about his tax plan. That resulted 
in two of Bush's tax advisers, 
Lawrence Lindsey and Rep. Rob 
Portman of Ohio, traveling to 
McCain's national campaign 
headquarters,in Alexandria Va. 

Dan Schnur, the McCain cam-
paign spokesman, welcomed 
Lindsey and Portman · with a 
tray of doughnot~ and a sheaf of 
economic proposals, and he 
gave each of them a copy of 
McCain's autobiography. 

- Alison Mitchell with 
Frank Bruni 

TIU! N.ew York Times 

Scientists Predict Extremes 
in New Weather Features 

Changes in the Pacific Ocean 
are making it more likely that 
winter weather in much of the 
United States will exhibit 
unusual warmth alternating 
with sharp cold, scientists at the 
Jet Propulsion Laboratory in 
Pasadena, Calif., reported 
Wednesday. 

The researchers said the pat-
tern, prevalent this winter and 
last, might predominate for 20 
or 30 years. The finding was 
based on calculations of the 
movement and temperature of 
ocean surface waters and the 
varying amounts of heat they 
bear, based on measurements 
made by instruments aboard the 
Topex/Poseidon earth satellite. 

The data reflect a natural 
oscillation in ocean conditions, 
not a sign of global climate 
change. Nor is the development 
tied directly to EI Nino-La Nina 

weather patterns, year-ta-year 
variatioflS in ocean temperatures 
that set off atmospheric chain 
reactions in many parts of the 
world, including North 
America. 

If the satellite images do sig-
nal the beginning of a new cli-
matic regime in the Pacific, there 
will be "fewer and weaker 

EI Ninos and more La 
Nlnas," said Bill Patzert, a 
research oceanographer at the 
Pasadena laboratory. 

In the natural weather phe-
nomenon known as La Nina, 
sea-surface temperatures in the 
eastern tropical Pacific are cooler 
than normal . This sets off a train 
of atmospheric events that affect 
weather patterns around the 
globe, especially in North 
America in the winter. 

EI Nino is marked by abnor-
mally warm sea-surface temper-

atures in the tropical Pacific, 
which touches off a different set 
of winter weather consequences, 
often including heavy rains 
across southern tier of the 
United States. 

In one of these alternating 
states of what is · called the 
Pacific Decadal Oscillation, sea-
surface temperatures are 
warmer in the eastern equatorial 
Pacific but cooler throughout 
much of the rest of the Pacific 
basin. That pattern predominat-
ed from the mid-1970s through 
most of the 19905. 

Now, for the last two years, 
the opposite . pattern has 
appeared: cooler water in the 
eastern tropical Pacific but 
warmer elsewhere. That pattern 
last predominated from the mid-
19405 to the mid-1970s . . 

- William K. Stevens 
The New York Times 



8 NEWS 

DIVERSITY: 
Report calls for 
admissions revisions 
CDIIIIII ..... froIII ..... 1 
want to be a great institution." 

The subcommittee's report 
included various short-term and 
long-term goals. All of the rec-
ommendations passed to Dynes 
in the report we.re approved not 
only by the student subcommit-
tee but also by the entire 
Diversity Council. 

The report's short-term rec-
ommendations regarding admis-
sions policies include monitor-
ing students who are admitted to 
UCSD under the four percent 
plan, which accepts the top four 
percent of students from each 
high school in San Diego and 
Imperial Counties. 

The long-term admissions-
related recommendations 
include further revisions of the 
admissions process, such as min-
imizing the weight of SAT tests 
and eliminating inflated grade 
point averages, which C\re due to 
advanced placement courses. 

The UCSD Guardian 

The report also calls for the 
chancellor to request that the UC 
Regents assess their admissions 
policies to determine whether 
the UC system has attained its 
goal of admit-
ting the top 
12.5 percent of 
high school 
students as 
defined in the 
California 
Master Plan 
for Higher 
Education. 

AS. President Tesh Khullar, 
an ex-officio member of the stu-
dent subcommittee, said the 
chancellor will respond to the 
findings of the student subcom-

mittee later this 
month. He said 
that while the 
town hall meet-
ing was an 
important means 
of communicat-
ing with the 
UCSD communi-
ty, it is only the 
beginning of a 
more significant 
process. 

The sub-
com mi lIee ' s 
report also rec-
ommended 
that the admin-
istration fund 
high school 
conferences 
that are cur-
rently funded 
by th~ A.S. and 
VIC e 
Chancellor 

The long-term 
admissions-related 
recommendations 
include further 
revisions of the 
.admissions process, 
such as minimizing 
the weight of SAT 
tests and eliminating 
inflated grade point 
averages, which are 
due to advanced 
placement courses. 

"1 really hope 
it's not just the 
chancellor 
appeasing peo-
ple," Khullar 
said. HI really 
want to see 
actions taken 
from this." 

Joseph Watson's office, and a 
restructuring of funding for 
O.A.S.l.S. so that the office is 
funded on a permanent basis 
rather than a temporary one. 

Since the elim-
ination of affirmative action in 
admissions policies, the number 
of underrepresented minority 
students at UCSD has declined. 

Assistant Vice Chancellor of 

www.ucsdguardian.org 

Admissions and Registration 
Richard Backer said mat prelimi-
nary admissions data shows that 
UCSD received the second-high-
est number of appllcations In the 
UC system, preceded only by UC 
Berkeley. He added that further· 
admissions data will not be avail-
able until later this month. 

Other subcommittees also 
issued reports at Tuesday's town 
hall meeting. 

Family and Preventive 
Medicine Professor Deborah 
Wingard spoke on behalf of the 
faculty subcommittee. Wingard 
said that the subcommittee is 
calling on the university to iden-
tify ways to increase diversity 
among faculty members and to 
create new faculty positions for 
diversity-related studies. 

Teacher Education Program 
Manager Lori Guardiano-
Durkin, chair of the staff sub-
committee, said that her sub-
committee's recommendations 
include quality of work-life 
issues for staff members, such as 
allowing professional leave 
development for staff members 
pursuing career advancements 
or changes. 

Well, never fear! 
Medical division of THE PRINCETON REVIEW 

feels your pain and we're 
here to help. 

for our late start • • .. 
MeAT Preparation 
classes that begin on January 23 • 

Sessi011 1 1 
Sessiol1 12 

Su/M/W/F 4pm-6:30 
Su/Tu/W/Th 7pm-9:30 

Call to reserve your place now! 

• 

Thursday. January 20. 2000 

INTERNET: 
ACLU called bill 
'frankly, absurd' 
c ................. l 
Universities Committee, which 
McGrath chairs. 

Another bill would require 
universities to install or sub-
scribe to Internet filters on their 
computers to prevent access to 
sexually explicit material. This 
proposal was discussed and 
passed out of committee last 
week and is being held. 

McGrath described the filter-
ing bill as a fix for an oversight in 
university Internet access. The 
American ' Civil Liberties Union 
described it as a "frankly, 
absurd," calling it an attempt to 
"denigrate the very existence of 
the First Amendment." 

The ACLU's Eleanor 
Eisenberg was one of several 
opponents of the bill. She argued 
tnat university students are pri-
vate Citizens, not ,employees. 
Therefore, regulations are an 
inappropriate infringement on 
academic freedom and research. 

- She added that no state court has 
upheld such regulations. 

Greg Fahey, UA associate vice 
president for state relations, rep-
resented university opposition to 
the bill. He said the university 
has 32,000 work stations, which 
makes enforcement of such a law 
"highly questionable." 

- ArIZOna Daily Wildcat 
PresIdent Will 
R ...... IfCol .... I. 
Found Respon .. bIe 

COLLEGE STATION, Texas 
- Texas A&M University 
President Ray M. Bowen said he 
would resign his position if it 
was determined that the univer-
sity is responsible, throu&h inad-
equate official supervisTon, for 
the Nov. 18 bonfire coJlapse, in a 
recent interview with The Bryan-
College Station Eagle. 

Tne collapse that caused the 
deaths of 12 students and injured 
27 others has been the subject of 
much discussion in the Texas 
A&M community over the past 
two months, and people from 
around the nation and world 
have contacted Bowen personal-
ly about the incident. The mes-
sages included condolences, 
praise and anger. 

Bowen said that as the leader 
and head of Texas A&M, every-
thing affecting the university is 
ultimately his responsibility. 

"( would do that on a number 
of issues," Bowen was quoted as 
saying in The Eagle. "If, for exam-
ple, there was a serious financial 
situation that led back to indiffer-
ence, I would take the responsi-
bility. How can I say to someone, 
'1 want you out of this job: when 
I'm at the top of that command? I 
have to set the standard." 

Bowen declined an interview 
with The BtlHalion discussing his 
feelings on the Bonfire and his 
intention to resign if blame is 
found with the administration. 

-The Battalion 
UCLA AlIoCIIt •• 
Fund. to Aid 
Student Outr .... 

LOS ANGELES - UCLA 
ChanceUor Albert Camesale last 
week pledged $105,000 to support 
student outreach programs, which 
matches fees collected from stu-
dents as a result of the passage of 
a referendum last spring. 

Carnesale matched student 
fees accumulated as a result of 
the Community and Retention 
Empowerment referendum, 
which raised student fees by $5 
per quarter. Of that money, $1.50 
per quarter is allocated to the 
Student Initiated Outreach 
Committee. 

- Daily Bruin 

Thursday. January 20. 2000 The UCSD Guardian HIATUS 9 

• 

"."'1: Oscar Awards Preview 10, UEO Performances 11, Movie Preview: 'Simpatico' 12, Album Reviews 13, Bar Review 14 



10 lllATUS The UCSD Guardian Th\lfSday, January 20, 2000 

Oscar Contenders Line Up for Praise 
jtmerican Beaut/, 'The Insider' and 'The Talented Mr. Ripley' will no doubt be among this year's nominees 
By DAVID YEN 
Senior Staff Writer 

1999 was supposed to be 
remembered as the year of "Star 
Wars: The Phantom Menace." 
George Lucas's long-awaited pre-
quel to the greatest movie trilogy 
ever made dominated the head-
lines as the year began. But as 
inevitable as the rise and fall of 
the Empire, the hype started to 
fade. "Phantom," which opened 
strongly in May, was by no means 
a terrible film, but it reminded 
audiences that perhaps some 
things were best left to the past. 
Special effects and computer-gen-
erated graphics cannot and will 
not take the place of good _old-
fashioned storytelling. 

This lesson, br itself, would be 
enough to prope Hollywood into 
the 21st century on a positive 
note, but the year had a lot more 
pleasant surprises in store for 
audiences. Following an unusual-
ly weak but box-oHiee-shattering 
summer season, major studios 
rolled out a series of amazingly 
creative films, each offering a 
fresh perspective on traditional 
cinema, in some cases challeng-
ing its boundaries and redefining 
movie making in America. 

First was "The Sixth Sense." c ___ at 20lIl Cemury FoJr. Ho/IyWIood PIc:Uw • ..."., BrIll. entI ~ 
While it will probably not be 
remembered for its searing dra-
matic value, this psychological 
thriller starring Bruce Willis and 
the mesmerizing Haley Joel 
Osment, proved that It was 
indeed possible to shock and 
scare audiences without the aid of 

gr~tuitous violence or expensive 
technology. It grossed over $300 
million largely due to a story so 
compelling that it required audi-
ences to give it a second peek. In 
tenns of summer movies, "The 
Sixth Sense" received little to no 

IoIId ..... 0 .... l0iii: (Clockwise from top left.) 'Star Wars' was the first big tjisappointment of the year, but It was swiftly followed by a 
number of excellent candidate, for best picture including 'The Sixth Sense: 'Three Kinas' and ·Americ." Beauty'. 

hype com~red to blockbusters 
such as Star Wars," "Austin 
Powers 2" or the terrible "Wild 
Wild West." In this, it proved a 
second lesson. Media exposure 
and advertising are still second 
fiddle to word of mouth. All the 
hype in the world means nothing 
if you don't have a gOod movie. 

The best movie of the-year 
debuted in early October, kicking 
off the fall Oscar season. "Ameri-

Come by and see our newly remodeled office 
and celebrate with us Jan, 24 - 28th I 

Literature Bldg. Room 3255 (near WLH) 
Qpep HoulC Wed. Jang,ry 26 

eOpen to all students and staff 8am - 4pm 
eFree gift for the firet 25 vleltore 

eView Internships on new AlP database 
eJoln ue for a Pizza lunch 12 - 2pm 

epriu Drawln(.le at 12 and 4pm 
All week IoP I; 

eComplimentary food and. beverages 
Dally priu drawings at 12 & 

Queetlone7 
C.II AlP .t 53+4~ 

can Beauty," the beautifully writ-
ten, astoundingly acted, thought-
provoking morality tale of subur-
ban American life, dared to break 
all the conventional rules of 
moviemakina. Forget the typical 
American Itero, dare to go 
beyond aU the stereotypes and 
you will find an unforgettable 
and strikingly original film. First-
time director Sam Mendes chal-
lenges us to look closer, to really 

going 10 pay, 
VanityBoob.com. 

think about the American Dream 
and what it entails. He paints a' 
portrait that is immediately heart-
breaking and beautiful at the 
same time. Add Kevin Spacey, 
.perhaps the best actor in his 
prime today, a stellar supportin8 
cast and some haunting cine-
matography, and you have a mas-
terpiece. 

With a gem like "American 
Beauty," which comes around 

your tutbooks, get Iheni 
from a Web Ii. that's complet.ly __ • 
heM it, you decide. 

maybe once in four or five years, 
Hollywood faced a daunting task 
in making the Oscar race compet-
itive. It succeeded. First came 
"Three Kings," a war movie 
unlike any war movie YOI.I have 
ever seen. Gch! Is the -saving 
Private Ryan" message of "war is 
bad" or the "Thin Red Une" 
theme that war is really bad. 

See oecAD, Pace 15 

SAVE UP TO 40% ON TEXT.OOKI. 

Thursday. January 20. 2000 The UCSD Guardian lflATUS 11 

eoun..,. at I/Ie UnItiImIty E..",. 0fIIce 
GIll Ie -= Rlnde Eckert stars as Donald Crowhurst, a wealthy business man 
whose dreams of rael", around the world by sea don't go quite as he had planned. 

000 Brings Two Great 
Shows to Mandeville 
The Tokyo String Quartet and a modem, one-man 
opera comprise January's last two shows 
By WALJ DICKINSON 
Hiatus Editor 

As the first month of the new millenni-
um draws to a dose and the new quarter 

. begins, the University Events Office kicks 
off its winter line-up with an impressive 
pair of shows. 

The first of these performances is the 
Tokyo String Quartet which is scheduled 
to perform at the Mandeville Auditorium 
on Jan. 22 at 8 p.m. The ensemble, which 
has been performing together for 30 years, 
performs over 100 concerts each year 
throughout the United States, Canada, 
Europe, South America and the Far East. 

This group of skilled musicians per-
fonns on "The Paganini Quartet," a group 
of instruments named for the legendary 
virtuoso Niccolo Paganini who acquired 
and played them during the 19th century. 

The group will be playing Mozart's 
Quartet No. 2 in E-ffat Major, Frank 
Bridge's Phantasy and Brahms' Quartet 
No. 1 In G Minor. TIckets are available at 
the UCSD box office at (858) 534-TIXS for 

$25 for general admission and $10 for stu-
dents and $5 for students at the door. 

The second performance of the new 
year is the solo opera "Ravenshead" based 
on the true story of an English business-
man, Donald Crow hurst, whose dream of 
racing around the world by sea ended in 
his unfortunate demise. 

Composer Steve Mackey and the Paul 
Drescher ensemble recount Crowhurst's 
tale from the logs he kept at sea and create 
a hilarious, yet tragic story of a charming, 
intelligent and unprepared man for the 
voyage of a lifetime. . 

This contemporary opera will be per-
formed on Jan. 26 at the Mandeville Audi-
torium at 8 p.m. Tickets for this event are 
also available at the UCSD box office at 
$20 for general admission and $15 for stu-
dents. 

For more information about these or 
other UCSD University Events Office-
sponsored shows, the Web site is at 

http://UM. ucsIl..~u/ the box office informa-
tion recording can be reached at (858) 534-
6467. 

w.t to .... for ...... , 
......, ........ ,., ...... , 

.... to IaIow wIIIIt ..... till .. Is w ........ , 

C-to ........................ ,......, ........... . 
1: ...... to 2:. p.m. 

If ,... _'I ..... It, ..... """" •• .."..,."...,.0r6 

r----------------------------, 
THE ART ElF ESPRE!iSB 

MaND£Vlll£ C£NT€R· SOUTU 'PaTIO 

50e OFF 
aN4 

eSPResso DRIN K 

Exp. 212100 

INDEPENDENTLV OWNED & OPERATED DEUCIOUS 
-----------------------------~ 

• I 
• 

San Diego's Funniest Evening! 
.. ~ ... _ ... ~._ MIx of I 

~_S ... ..uck!" I 
....... -Wo,liington Post I 

I --=-.Jiiiiiiiii 
I 

I 
I 
I I 

I 
I 
I 
I 

Liv. I .. provisatlonal . 
Co ... eIy 

I 3717 Indio 51. • Minion Hills. (619) 295-4999 
.. -----------------~---... ----III:' 
--------------------------------

when you "resent this coupon 
at ollr new UCSO location in the 

Price Center 
. ~. 

""""'-_""--' J a.m.b..a. ~ J II i c.e. 
'" 

--------------------------------

Your ad here 

• Guardian Thursday Coupons . 
Call (858) 534-3467 

DFADlINEEXnNDFD 

Ibl'tlliay .... 
AAiY10DAY 

in kAB. 

\ 

Stmay's~ 
3td~8ireCenlfr 

for the 
ElECIIONS MANAGFR 

Manage .AlL Facets of 1he 2(XX) 
ASUC5D General Elections 

• I 
I 
I 
I 



12 HIA11JS The UCSD Guardian Thursday, January 20, 2000 

'Simpatico: Complex Yet Engaging Film 
Jeff Bridges, Nick Nolte, Sharon Stone, Catherine Keener and Albert Finney,all star in ensemble cast 
By WALT DICKINSON 
Hiatus Editor 

. Carter and Vinnie are as differ-
ent as two people can be. Carter is 
about to close a $30 million deal 
for the sale of his thoroughbred 
racehorse Simpatico, while Vin-
nie spends his life in a dump, 
drinks too much and occasionally 
gets himself into trouble. 

However, things aren't exactly 
as they seem in this new Fine Line 
Features picture. There was a 
time when Carter and Vinnie 
were indistinguishable. In the 
past the two friends, along with 
Vinnie's girlfriend Rosie, were 
obsessed with horse racing. So 
much so, in fact, that they pulled 
off a fairly incredible scam. 

ow that the three partners in 
crime have grown up, they are 
all still dealing with the conse-
quences of their deception and 
the aftermath that drove them 
apart . Carter, although an impor-
tant figure in the Kentucky 
hor e-racing scene, resents the 
lies with which he must now live 
his life. 

Vinnie, still living in California 
where the caper took place, 
decides not to let the past die, but 
ra ther, sets out to right past 
wrongs no matter what the cost to 
his friends' lives or his own. 
While Carter tries to dissuade 

Vinnie from hurting himself and 
those around him, he finds him-
self-longing for the serenity that 
will only come once all the facts 
about the trio's past are brought 
to light. 

If the plot sounds complex, 
then the description is perfect. 
Few films are capable of decon-
structing a plot line and feeding it 
back to the audience in small 
pieces like "Simpatico." Fortu-
nately, this technique makes the 
film more interesting as the view-
er is forced to continually piece 
together the history of the three 
friends. 

Jeff Bridges and Nick Nolte 
play Carter and Vinnie, respec-
tively, while Sharon Stone plays 
the girlfriend, Rosie. Catherine 
Keener and Albert Finney also 
star as secondary characters who 
become tied up in the sea of mis-
ery that the principal characters 
generate. 

Bridges and olte have cer-
tainly played better roles in other 
films. However, the performance 
\)lat these two accomplished 
actors deliver in "Simpatico" is 
impres ive to say the least. 
Stone's rich-but-tortured-and-a-
little-crazy act is pushed to the 
edge in this role, but by the time 
her character 's whole story is 
told, it's easy to understand why 
she is the way she is. 

Wonderful supporting perfor-
mances are turned in by Keener 
and Pinney. (Keener of "Being 
John Malkovich" fame and 
Finney, "Daddy" Warbucks, of 
1982's "Annie".) Although Keen-
er's performance occaSionally 
becomes as simple-minded as her 
character, the overall effect is an 
excellent study of a good woman 
dealing with two deeply dis-
turbed men. Finney, however, is 
consistently excellent in his role 
and forces the audience to ques-
tion where the last 18 years of his 
career went. 

If there is anything particular-
ly frustrating about this film, it is 
its pace. Throughout much of the 
film, the audience is engaged in 
the process of piecing together 
relationships and the motiva-
tions behind the characters' 
actions. There are dull periods 
where the point i communicat-
ed, but the scene drags on and 
on. 

Ultimately, the film is about 
letting go of the past, taking 
responsibility and dealing with 
the consequences of actions long 
since past. The story may be com-
plex and a bit depressmg, but the 
message and the spirit of the film 
make the picture worthy of 
praise. 

"Simpatico" opens nationwide 
on Feb. 4. 

FIle PrJoto 
Nolte: A seasoned actor leads a stellar cast by example through 
his performance as Vinnie in 'Slmpatico,' opening Feb. 4. 

Do you dig flicks? Want to get paid to write about them? How about music? Theater? Dance? E-mail hiatus@ucsdguardian.org 

COLLEGE LEADERSHIP OPPORTUNITIES 
Are you looking for a challenging and exciting job next year? Gain valuable leadership and job 
experience! Apply to be an Resident Advisor/House Advisor or Orientation Leader at one 
of the Five Colleges. 
See below for where to pick up'an application and deadlines to apply: 

College 

• REVELLE 
-

• MUIR 

~ MARSHALL 
EARLl 
WARREN 
CXJII EAF 

WARREN 

ROOSEVELT 

Resident Advisor Orientation Leader 
Deadline/Applications at: Deadline/Applications at: 

January 28 February 4 
Residence Life Office or College Center or 
Student Activities Center or Dean's Office • 

• 

January 28 
Residence Life Office 

January 28 
Residence Life Office 

January 21 
Residence Life Office 

February it 
Residence Life Office 

February 4 
Academic Advising Office 

January 20 
Dean's or 
Academic Advising Office 

February If 
Dean's Office 

February 1 
Academic Advising Office 

• 

Thursday, Jllluary 20, 2000 

Album Reviews 

Go-Amplified 
-

*** Phife Dawg, where are you? 
Arguably one of the most influen-
tial hip-hop groups of the '90s, A 
Tribe Called Quest didn't make 
music; they created visions. 
Whether it was the laid-back 
mental flow of "Jazz (We've 
Got)," the schizophrenic lyrical 
snarling on "Scenario" or the 
urban storytelling of "Award 
Show," Tribe transcended street 
bounqaries and musical cliches to 
create a universal experience 
appealing to all ages and races. 

The front-runner of the revolu-
tion, Q-TIp, blended his gravelly 
voice with unique beats and Phife 
Dawg's off-the-temple delivery. If 
Phife was the poetical scrounger 
looking to put aside reaSOn for 
the sake of a good jam, Q-TIp was 
the voice of reason, the calming 
lyrical messenger sent to lend 
some gravity to the deep, dank 
beats and jazzy samples. He was 
the glue that held the journey . 
together, and Phife did most of 
the dirty work. 

So it comes as no surprise that 
on Q-TIp's solo debut Amplified, 
he feels alone, isolated, like a man 
who still wants to rock the party 

but has to scramble to all comers 
of the room just to keep every-
thing moving. His mellow deliv-
ery is still welcome and propels 
tracks like "Do It, Be It, See It." 
But for every "Things U Do" 
there is a moment of forced style 
- he is playing the roles of for-
mer members Phife and Moham-
mad with just enough time to 
jump into the hook and orches-
trate the chorus ("Go Hard"). 

Instead of the textured con-
trast of Phife's ramblings to Q-
TIp's deep-in-the-cut head b0b-
bing, joints like "Higher" want no 
need for someone to do the 
scrounging, to let TIp sink back 
into his efement. Instead, Ampli-
fied is a quest whose suddenly 
conservative mission could use a 
little more Dawg-y style. 

- Jeremy a,.y 

.. 

........ 

Turn It On Again 

-

** 
Remember Genesis, the band 

led by Phil Collins and Peter 
Gabriel? Your parents do. And 
that is exactly the audience that 
will get the most out of this CD. 

Turn it on Again is a compila-
tion of Genesis' greatest hits from 
the eighties. It contains all the 

The UCSD Guardian 

**** ........ 
***---
**'* *"-

elements of decadent pleasure 
and innocent wildness that was 
unabashed in · its attempts to, 
above all, make a statement 
about the state of the world. 
"Land of Confusion" perfectly 
demonstrates the eighties logo of 
"Save the World" with lyrics like 
"This is the world we live in and 
these are the hands we're 
given/use them and let's start 
trying to make it a place worth 
1" . " Iv~~n. found on the CD are 
songs like "Invisible Touch" and 
"Tonight, Tonight, Tonight" 
which 20 years ago were innova-
tional songs that blended tradi-
tional rock and a new electronic 
sound. Today's listeners might 
find "Tum it on Again" an inter-
esting look at the origin of syn-
thesized rock. Bands like 
Depeche Mode are conjured up 
by the words "synthesized rock." 
"Tum it on Again" provides a 
look back into the days when Phil 
Collins was king of the music 
scene. Genesis was the spring-
board for both Collins and 
Gabriel's solo careers. 

To some it's a scary thought, 
but everyone must delve into 
their origins at some point in their 
lifetime. This greatest hits compi-
lation can provide a .Iot of 
answers for those of us who were 
forced to listen to Genesis as chil-
dren. Some may have even liked 
it, although few would admit it 
now. So, go ahead, buy this 
album and take yourself back to 
classic '80s rock. It won't be as 
bad as you might think. It may 
even help you understand your 
parents a little bit better. 

- Brenna Hampton 

MOVEMENT: 
All proceeds will 
be given to charity 
c ....................... 
know it's about the music and 
community," notes DVC mem-
ber Rachel Solomor\. Therefore, 
it's the music which brings the 
masses together for the DVC 
rather than what type of ecstasy 
is running around. Consequent-
ly, drugs are grouped together 
with binkies (pacifiers), baggy 
pants and mentholyptus 
inhalers as an accessory to the 
scene, rather than, a true identi-
fier of the community. 

"Movement was created for 
two groups of people," Boggs 
continued. "Those who were 
interested in electronic music, 
but didn't have a safe environ-
ment to enjoy it in, and the 
small community who enjoyed 
the music, but didn't want to 
pay $30 for admission." 

When asked about the San 
Diego "scene," Boggs replied, 
"It sucks. All the SD promoters 
care about is profit and revenue. 
The [raving] community in this 
city is strong and growing, but 
money mongering promoters 
make San Diego seem artificial 
and mainstream.where, in reali-
ty, the community here is as 
strong, if not stronger, as in any 
other city." With this in mind, 
the DVC decided to make the 
festival free for all guests, forg-
ing a mission statement that 
promoted "peace, love, unity 
and respect." 

With all this in mind, last 
year the DVC set out in creating 
an on-campus party that would 
concentrate its allure on the 
music and the DJs delivering 
them. The majority of the DVC . 
members staunchly requested 
that the term "rave" be omitted 

I WHO YOU GRADUATED WiTH ...... . ~ond 
L- 20 YEARS FROM NOW? 

ort;aliZe Yoursel 

~ . 

6 Areas wI Headlining OJ's: 
1 (X),0Cl0 Watts Donald Glaude 
EAWTM Sound Ron D Core 
One 01 a KInd SIte Nosmo • Thee-O 

Huggle & Vector T~ibe Drummers 
SKY. Frank Nitty & Ghost 

Simon Apex • E-Sassln 

HIA11JS 13 

from aU promotions in order to 
avoid any negative connota-
tions the word may bring. They 
thought their free admission to 
the party would perhaps bring a 
crowd of 500, possibly 700 with 
increased publicity - 4,000 plus 
allended. 

"We never expected so many 
people to show up," Boggs said 
about last year's event. "And 
the most surprising was the 
number of non-students that 
showed up. People from aU over 
California and the U.s. showed 
up for Movement and really 
seemed to enjoy and appreciate 
the energy the party was gener-
ating." 

Following the success of last 
year's Movement, the members 
decided to make the festival into 
an annual event, believing it to 
reach Sun God proportions in a 
mailer of years. ASUCSD seems 
to concur with the prediction by 
sponsoring this $18,000 event. 
That's right, 3 zeros after the 18. 
However, this year's Movement 
will include a $2 admission fee 
with a canned food Hem for 
UCSD students and a $3 fee 
with canned food for general 
admission. As the canned goods 
suggest, all proceeds (after cost) 
will go to the San Diego Food 
Bank. 

"We didn' t want to get 
caught up in making money, but 
we thought the sheer numbers 
that are expected to come [5,OOOJ 
would be a great opportunity 
for us to help the San Diego 
community," Boggs said about 
the charity. 

Every DJ on Movement's 
lineup is also performing for free 
because of the charitable cause. 
Techno titans such as Donald 
Glaude from Funky Tekno Tribe, 
Huggie from Vector Tribe Drum-
mers, Ron D Core from Dr. 

See MOVDlENT, Page 18 

THINKING OF MOVING 
OFF-CAMPUSl 

Thomas Mlc ."""" __ _ 

Here's a break for your parents-a chance for 
them to write off some of your college tuition! 

How, you a,lcl 

HAVE MOM & DAD BUY A 
CONDO OR TOWNHOUSE! 

Ont of UCSD's finest You ~n: • Rent the extra rooms to yPur friends... iul50 a 1999 SDAR~ 
• Use the rent money to pay for the mortgage.. . Real'or@ of.he Yea, , 
• You live in the condo for FREE, and.. . Nominee! 
• ... your parents can write of( the interest on the mortgage! 

HOME PRICES CONTINUE TO INCREASE •.• HAVE YOUR PARENTS 
CALL NOW. DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY PAYING RENT! 

Here's a way to pay for housing that is also an investment! Call Tobin today at 

ASSOCIJU'ES 
REALTY (858)637-0609 (voice mail) (858)621-5279 (office) 

e-mai1:Finest.ealtorOhotmail.com 

Sponsored By: T 

'. 



14 lflATUS The UCSD Guardian 

Waistin' Away in Margaritaville 
Thursday nights at Margarita Rocks prOVide endless fUn and entertainment 

By BETH ARNESE 
Staff Writer 

Margarita Rocks stamp for re: allowed to enter. My personal will really enjoy the music that 
entry! theory is that the Margarita blasts throughout the place. If 

It was obvious that 1 have Rocks management makes ~ you like to talk to your friends, 
every sign of a true Margarita pie wait so that the club appears you will not really enjoy the 
Rocks addiction. cooler than it actually is. Antid- music that blasts throughout the 

Yet, 1 leave Margarita Rocks pation builds up as you can see place. . 
with the same words each time: that everyone inside seems to be ..... c..a _ 
"You guys, I swear I'm never having a great time. You may Cheap! The cover charge is S5 
going back to that place again." hear one of your favorite songs and drinks on Thursday nights 
Most weeks, I can even stick to and start dancing outside. Hope: are $2. Please Note: Over eleven 
my resolution throughout the fully you won't, though, because weeks, the cost of Margarita 
day on Thursday. I will bump that is a dead give:away that you Rocks can ·suddenly" add up to 
into friends on Library Walk who go to UCSD. , a hefty sum. Do you know how 
say that everyone is going to Once it is finally time to enter, many $1 tacos at EI Torito you 
Margarita Rocks that night. there is another long wait, but could buy with that much 
"Really?" I nonchalantly reply, "I this time it is to ·the bar. Of money? Speaking of tacos, if you 
think we're going to try some- course, most people use this time arrive at Margarita Rocks by 9 

The other day I tried to recall a thing new. Or maybe we'll just to scan for cute members of the PM, there are 91 cent tacos and 
Thursday that I did not go to watch ER. I'll talk to my room- opposite sex. Usually finding beer. Of course, if you're a girl 
Margarita Rocks, and my mind mates and see what's going on." none who are tall enough, I opt and going QUt with friends, get-
became very fuzzy. I realized that And then the minute 1 walk into for the much more entertaining ting anywhere by 9pm is pretty 
1 had spent every Thursday of fall my house on Thursday night, I alternative of finding the person much out of the question. We all 
quarter at Margarita Rocks! I was- can sense the impending aoom with the most outrageous outfit. know that finding the right tank 
n't sure if 1 should feel really cool as I hear the sound of the blow- Past winners have included top to wear can take up to several 
or just really stupid when I real- dryer and the all-important con- embroidered flame leather pants hours! 
ized that Mil(ey the bouncer versation about which black and furry leopard-print backless ........... u.. 
knows my name and that I know pants are cutest. My dream of shirts. If you were the person who 
his phone number. As a matter of watching ER on a Thursday ..... CIewd went to 1) every weekend when 
fact, even the 40-year-old owner night has, once again, been shat- Before Margarita Rocks you were a freshman, you will 
knows my name! teredo became the hip place to be on a love Margarita Rocks. And if you 

Next, I did a quick computa- Before I know it, I find myself Thursday night, the crowd con- still went to 1) every weekend of 
lion in my mind, only to realize in line at Margarita Rocks, again. sisted mostly of UCSD students your sophomore year, you will 
that 1 spent $55 in cover charges Of course, I can usually find and their friends. 91X advertised marry Margarita Rocks. On the 
alone at Margarita Rocks. (And, someone to let us in and we avoid heavily for Margarita Rocks and other hand, if you prefer a more 
yes, for all you math whizzes, waiting in line entirely. everyone caught on to the fun, mellow scene, you may end up 
this means that I went during On the rare occasion that I am creating a more daring crowd. I asking yourself, "I waited all that 
finals week also. But don't not able to schmooze my way in, heard several people refer to time to be 21 for this?" 
worry, my finals ended on I am reminded of how much I Margarita Rocks as "TJ for 21- Margarita Rocks is located at 
Thursday.) 1 almost forgot about hate waiting in line. If you arrive year-olds." Let's' just say that 959 Homblend (on the comer of 
the two private parties that I've after ten, the cops will inevitably anything tight and backless is Cass and Homblend) in Pacific 
been to at Margarita Rocks. Low- be there to make sure Margarita considered to be ultra-hip. Heck, Beach. You must be 21. Telephone 
ering my head in shame at these Rocks is not violating any capac· this could even apply to guys 272-2780. 
embarrassing facts, [ looked ity limitations. What this means too! You can contact Beth at bar-

Thursday. January 20. 2000 

La Jolla Shores 
o Jtff's aileen 0 leip_ Sa", 
• IIri SWt Caft ~ 
• Pali.i (alit 'W 

IIJaWIttawn La jolla 
,.,'s (aft· La Jella Irtwi" (, 
lie,s, ., latlnl 'lI4IIs' LJ "~ic 
lalti.," la""I'Rili's 
Pa"iti,· 7-II(LJ J"'11"4.) 

Pacific Beach 
• ..... 's· St:ldlcb • AIHiIIICt Catr 
• ZaIziW· CaIt en. • 7-11 

• 

.QIid Cner • IoIp ldaI&t 
_. ·.1IoIR 

Mission Beach 
• "issiolllnch Tan 
o "issioa 100 ullildry • • "issio. (offu HOIIf down at my hand only to notice is that you have to )Vail for pea- TIle IIueIc ntst@ucsd.edu with any suggestions 

rth_a_t_ls_t_ill_h_a_d_t_he __ re_m_a_in_s_o_f_th_e ___ p_le __ to __ e_x_it __ b_ef_o_.e __ a_n_YO_n_e~iS _____ If_y_O_U_I_ike __ to-,d.anc~e~a~w~t~'~YO~U~~fiw~ba~~~Or~c~lu~~~w~~~ro~~~· ...... ~iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii~1 
~~BEST NEW OPERA 'OF 1998" 

Son Diego Premiere' -USA TODAY 

. Performed by RINDE ECKERT and 
THE PAUL DRESHER ENSEMBLE 
ELEaRO ACOUSTIC BAND 
Tragic hilarious and true. 
Based on the story of a British 
businessman ~ quest to sail 
solo around the world_ 

January 26 
U(SD Mandeville 
Auditorium 
TI(kets: SIS-20 
UCSD Box OflKe 858-534-TIXS 

• preMm.dby UCiD .... m."y EvllfJS DfflCl 
.-....-1./1 ..... 1" .... 

MEDICINE G LIN GAL 
EDUCATION RES EAR G H 
RESEARCH AT S C RIPP C LI N I C 

Do You Have Eye Allergies? 
Scripps Clinic Is conducting • .--arch study 

of • n.w .ntl __ n.rar .y.drop. 

Participants must: 

• Be 18 years of age or older 

• Be in good general health 

• Be allergic to cats, grass, ragweed, or trees. 

Qualified participants will be paid. 

For more Information, c~11 

858-554-9611 

Im1ISCRIPPS CLINIC 
.Over 320 PbyslclallS Curlns/or Sa" Dleso Since 1924. 

• 

Thursday. January 20. 2000 

Courfuy til ..". BnM.. JiIuI:II8tIIne PImMW .wi IHowHI 
Ctl*s 7 ,*-'" •••• ..,. 'The Matrix.' 'The Insider' and 
'Man on the Moon' all shine In their respective genres. 

OSCARS: 
Carrey and Spacey 
will vie for best actor 
CD .......... froat ..... 10 
Here, director David O. Russell 
takes three mediocre actors 
(George Clooney, Mark Walh-
berg, Ice Cube) and makes an 
extraordinary film. For the first 
time, a war movie focuses more 
on the characters and how they 
evolve as opposed to the institu-
tion of war itseU. In terms of his-
torical value, "Three Kings" also 
does for the Gulf War what "Pla-
toon" did for Vietnam. It makes 
us truly think about America's 
role in the world and sometimes 
in war. 

AI Pacino and Russell Crowe 
give two of the year's best perfor-
mances in "The Insider," based 
on the tale of a real-life whistle 
blower from inside the tobacco 
tndustry. Director Michael Mann 
goes beyond cliches to show us 
that "'telling the truth" in America 
is not as simple as other movies 
make it out to be. Yet, in the end, 
he shows it is still worthwhile. 
But the beauty of this film is nei-
ther its noble message nor its por-
trayal of the tobacco industry. It is 
the story of two men. each fight-
ing their own personal and pro: 

. fessional battles. Pacino and 
Crowe's characters seem as dif-
ferent as two people could ever 
be, but Mann finds the parallels 
and bridges the gaps. 

The holiday season rounded 
out the year with two Oscar-cal-
iber films, Milos Forman's "Man 
on the Moon, Hand Anthonl 
Minghella's lush epic "The Ta-
enteCl Mr. Ripley." In "Man on the 
Moon," Jim Carrey is Andy Kauf-
man, re-creating the legendary 
comic's exploits in hilarious 
detail and splendor. The film 
offers few insights into the life of 
Kaufman, and is occasionally 
guilty of excessive adoration. 
Still, "Man on the Moon" is pas-
sionate filmmaking at its best. 

In "'The 'Jalented Mr. Ripley," 
MinplIa helms a cast that reads 

like an Oscar hall of fame. Matt 
Damon is riveting as the title 
character, a likable serial killer. 
Cate Blanchett is a wealthy 
socialite. Gwyneth Paltrow is the 
hapless mistress who falls prey to 
Damon's schemes. But newcomer 
Jude Law steals the show as a 
charming playboy who becomes 
the object of Ripley's affections. 

As if those films were not 
enough, there were many other 
breakthrough movies and perfor-
mances in this milestone year. 

"The Blair Witch Project" 
proved to Hollywood that it 
doesn't take a big budget to 
secure a big box office. It further 
inspired legions of amateur film-
makers to realize their visions 
and go for it. 

"The Matrix" defied the 
improbable with its mind-blow-
ing speciaJ effects, but fell short of 
defying the impossible (teaching 
Keanu Reeves how to act). 

"Being John MaLkovich" rede: 
fined creativity in filmmaking, 
and "Boys Don' t Cry" touched 
our hearts and souls, thanks to a 
divine I?!rformance by Hilary 
Swank ( The Next Karate Kid"). 

In terms of Oscars, there will 
be fierce competition unlike any 
other. "American Beauty" looks 
Hke the odds-on favorite, but 
being the favorite is not always 
advantageous (i.e. "Saving Pri-
vate Ryan" last year). If it stum-
bLes due to sheer inevitability 
compLex, expect "lnsiderH or 
"Mr. Ripley" to pick up the slack. 
Jim Carrey and Kevin Spacey 
should duel it out for top acting 
honors, with Russell Crowe not 
far behind. [ give the edge to 
Carrey, who literally "became" 
Kaufman on the set and stayed 
in character for months. As for 
best actress, Swank should 
emerge victorious, but Reese 
Witherspoon ("Election") was 
fantastic in an early release. And 
finally, don't believe the hype 
concerning Tom Cruise ("Mag-
noliaH). Hal~ Joel Osment ("The 
Sixth Sense ) will become the 
youngest recipient ever for an 
Academy Award for best sup-
porting actor. 

The UCSD Guardian HIATUS 15 

-----------

T 

$ 00 MAR GAR I T A S ,'J 1 the 0 U po n 

SAVE $10 

.- ... 



16 CLASSIFIEDS 

The GUARDIAN 

CLASSIFIED 
DISPLAY 

ADVERTISING 
RATES 

Announce your events, 

advertise your business 

or send a Personal! 

SIZES: 
1 col. xl" $9.00 
lx2 
lx3 

The UCSD Guardian 

CLASSIFIEDS 
The UCSD Guardian relerves the rightto classify. ed" , delete offensive words and 
phrases.and'orre/useanyancialadllelti8emenlswithootpriornotilicatlon TheAdllerliser 
will not hold the Guaralan liable for .ny claims resulting from the publication of the 
advertisement. The publisher will also not be held accountable for any claim from an 
agreement madebetweentheadvertiserandthe coosumer. 
Copy ShOuld be reviewed bytl1e adVertiserfOrerrors, Inordeftobe corrected Inthe nelrt 
ragularlssus.aUerrorllffilJstbereportedby1hecorraspondingdeadline Credltwillonly 
begillenfQrlheincorrectpOl1ionol1headVeftisemenl. Thelearenorefundsforcanoellations. 
PIe_ .. nd all co .... pondence N9atdlnt Cla .. lfled. to: 
UCSD Guardian, Attn: Cla •• lfleda, t500 Gilman D,lv.I031I, La Joll., CA 120113, 
Actua' location: Student Cante, A, Room 217. 

study in English . Deadline: Office : 534-1123 , 
abroad@ucsd.edu . (1 /20-1 / 
27) 
Spice up your life with Study 

Classified Line 
Ad Rates 

StudInII: 13 ... 20 __ 
F~'SIIIII: 14 ... 20 __ 

AM oIhen: _ ... 20 __ 

AdvIncepaymentiarequired. 

Classified Display 
Ad Rates 

".OOpercolumnlnch 
Deedll,...: 

,_ _ .,..., Ad! lilia Ad! 

Naon lIIurI, 3pmlllurl, 
Naon Moll. 3 pm Mon. 

Confidence, leadership, and 
motivation required. Base salary 
of $5000+ profits . 
Average=$10, 000. 

lx4 

$18.00 
$27.00 
$36.00 
$45.00 

January 28. Contact: Programs 
Abroad Office , 534-1123, 
abroad@ucsd,edu . (1/20-1/ 
27) Abroad ! EAP appllc.tlon www.varsitystudent.com. 1-

lx5 

Come by the Guardian 
office In the Student 

Center A or call 
534-3466 for more Info. 

EVE N T S 

Explore the dynamic society of 
Vietnam. Study · Abroad in fall 
2000! Education Abroad 
Program (EAP) includes 
Vietnameselanguages~and 
contemporary issues in 
Vietnam. Instruction in English 
deadline : January 28th . 
Contact: Programs Abroad 

MEDIATION PROCESSES Office , 534-1123, 
(ADR- Alternative Dispute abroad@ucsd.edu , http :// 
Resolution), Jan, 26th, 3-4pm, www .ucsd,edu/icenter/pao. 
Price Center Gallery B. ADR is 1..(1_/2_0_-1_/2_7-'.) _____ _ 
characterized by a nuetral third 
party who moderates informal 
proceedings which lead the 
interested parties to a 
consensus -based solution. 
Leam how the ADR Processes 
are quicker , cheaper, less 
adversarial amd more likely to 
produce creative solutions to 
complex problems. Presented 
by Student Legal Services. 
Sponsored by Student 
Organizations & Leadership 
Opportunities (SOLO). Formore 
info call 534-0501 . (1/20-1/ 
27) 
Start the millenium with an 
intemational experience: Meet 
your neighbors by studying in 
beautiful Canada I Education 
Abroad Program (EAP) offered 
for fall and year. All fields of 

Discoverthebeauty and history 
of Turkeyl Education Abroad 
Programs (EAP) offered for fall 
and year 2000101 in Ankara 
(not affected by the 
earthquakel) Instruction in 
English; all majc~. 'Deadline: 
January 21 . For more info, 
contact : Programs Abroad 
Office , 534-1123 . 
abroad@ucsd .edu , http :// 
www.ucsd ,edu/icenter/pao . 
(1120) 
Study Abroad in Hungary in 
20001 Education Abroad 
Programs (EAP) for Fall and 
year. Instruction ~n English by 
world-renowned EL TE 
professors view European 
changes from a Central 
European perspective. Deadline: 
January28th,ProgramsAbroad 

DEADLINE is Friday, January 800-295-9675. (1/20-3116) 
28th for Barbados, Canada, 
Denmark, Egypt, Germany, 
Ghana, Hungary, India, Israel , 
Italy, Korea , Mexico , 
Netherlands, Russia , Spain, 
Sweden and Vietnam. Contact: 
Programs Abroad Office, 534-
1123, abroad@ucsd.edu,http:/ 
/www.ucsd.edu/icenter/pao. 
(1 i10-27) 
Merhabal Bonjour! Study abroad 
in Eastern or Westem Europel 
EAP application DEADLINE for 
Turkey and France Is Friday, 
January 21 stContact: Programs 
Abroad Office, 534-1123, 
abroad@ucsd.edu , http :// 
www.ucsd.edulicenter/pao. 
(1/10-20) 
"WHATS NEXT?" A workshop 
to explore career options after 
college. Thursday , January 27, 
International Center Conference 
Room, 7 p.m, to 9:30 p.m. $1 0 
materials fee. Call to reserve 
your seat. 619-291-2844. (1/ 
13-1/27) 

EMPLOYMENT 
NOW HIRING FUTURE 
BUSINESS LEADERSI The 
Summer Managment Program. 
Marketing , Sales, and 
management skills trained. 

Asst. Managers wanted forsurfl 
SK8, Snow retail stores. 32 
hours minimum, wfges based 
on experience. FA')( resume to 
(858)292-5379 or e-mail to 
somSD@aol.com. Stores 
located in UTC and Fashion 
Valley. (1120-1/31) 
Part-time promo/model person 
for new .com company, $10/ 
hr. Early mornings and other 
commuter hours 
houserebate.com, 888-836-
5675. (1/20-1131) 
Want more money? Earn 
immediate cash incomeandfree 
computer around what you are 

Thursday, January 20, 2000 

already doing. Billion dollar NYSE 
Corp. Call 1-888-490-8162 for 
recorded information. (1120-
1131) 
$200 million is spent on 
advertising tactics aimed at 
YOUI Want s piece? Log onto 
www .TeamMagma.com for 
Information on how to eam 
money now. (1f18-112O) 
Research Assistant to best-
selling author Dr. Warren Farrell 
(Why Men Are The Way They 
Are). Reeearchbookonfathers. 
Excellent internetllibrary 
research skills. 2O+hrs/wk; $81 
hr; jr/sr/grad; 3.0 min. Fax: 
760 753 2436. (1/1~1124) 
$1500weeklypotentlal mailing 
forourcirculars. No Experience 
Required . Free information 
packet. Call 202-452-5940. 
(1/18-618) 
TUTORS part-time lor SAT and 
academics. Must have high SAT 
score on math or verbal, 
enthusiastic attitude, reliable 
transportation. Flexible 
schedule, pays $12-$22Ihour 
plus bonuses. Call Scorel Prep 
(858) 549-2154. (1/18-11 
31). 

.. DID WIlTS 'II TI 
GET A JOB. 

---~t ~ 
MAKE HIM HAPPY. LOOK FOO ONE HERE. 
liiJiillilAiCWSIFEDS 
Interns Needed. Psychology 
Today Magazine & Radio 
psychology, computer science, 
communications, marketing, 
sales , accounting, Contact: 
Valerie Mitchell 760-7 45-5090 
or vmitch79580 aol.com. (1/ 
13-618) 
GET PAID TO STUDYI SUCCESS 

------~-----------------------------------------------------. I I 
I GUT AM -ROu ICA'N- WRITE YOUR OWN GUARDIAN PERSONAL HERE. I 
I F RE E PE RSONAL FORM BRING IT TO OUR OFFICE, UPSTAIRS ABOVE THE I I STUDENT CENTER, OR MAil TO CAMPUS MAIL I 
I CODE OJ 16. LIMIT: 20 WORDS, PLEASE . I I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

This form valid if submiHed any time through 3 pm Tues. 1/25. 
20 WORD LIMIT PLEASE. ~---~-------------------------------------------------------, 

• Thursday. January 20, 2000 The UCSD GuardiIII CLASSIFIEDS 17 

Tutoring Services Is hiring 
motivated, dependable 
individuals to tutor, alillUbjects 
available' at any level. Tutor in 
your area, part-timeorful-time, 
make your own schedule, $1 0-
$12 per hour, (619) 51-TUTOR 

1770. EOEIMIFIDN. (1/10-
31) 

IBM LAPTOP THINKPAD student, 18-25,caIl552-8585 online at 

or online at 
www.successtutorlng.com.(1! 
13-1/31) 
WANTED : ELEANOR 

ROGMIVIATES 
Female wanted to share master 
be Iroom/bath, 2-bedroom 
fum, lhed Trieste 8p8I1ment in 
La .. \lIa. $385.50/month. 
(858)638-0146. (1/18-1120) 

FOR RENT 

133MHZ, 32MB, 2..1 GiG, 
2OXCD, floppy, 33.6 K modem, 
12.1" active, screen, Windows 
98, Word, Excel, tree intemet. 
$695.00.(858) 597-0373. (1/ 
13-1/26) .. 

ROOSEVELT COLLEGE Room for Rent, private bath. In 

MACINTOSH Internal Zip Drive 
for G3 or G4. Never opened! 
Original packaging. make offer. 
Call Nathan 452-7020. (11/ 
15-312) 

RESIDENT ADVISORS lor 2000-
20011 Applications available at 
ERC Residence Life Office. 
Deadline 2/4100. (1/13-1/31) 
PART TIME Clerical, Flexible 
Hours to help out in busy HP 
Authorized PC/Printer repair 
department. Must be farriliar 
with Microsoft Excel and Word. 
Executive Micro, Inc., 7920 
Arjons DR. Suite H, San Diego, 
CA 92126.858-549-2190. E-

Carmel Valley, 2 miles from 
»each. Gated community, pool 
and spa. First and last month 
rent required. $500, Must be 
female, Call Margaret at 858-
794-9107. (1120) 
Studio Apartment in Pacific 
Beach. Utilities, laundry, and 
cable included. Available 
immediately thru August. FIrst 
and Last, $600.00/month. 
858-483-4201. (1120) 

VV ANT E D 

PUT AWAY THE CRYSTAl BAlL 
TRY THE WANTED SECTION INSTEAD. 

mail resume to La Jolla furnished rooms-
SERVICEOEXMICRO.COM. (11 Kitchen prlv., quiet 
13-1124) neighborhood, priv.te 

PSYCH 199Reeearctt Inte~ 
Winter Quarter Children's 
HoepItaI, contact: Maryam Far. 
(858) 576-1700 l\ 4324. (1/ 
2O-1fl4) LIVING ••• 
~~~ 

01 brother/sister camp in 
Pennsytvanla (3 hrs from New 
YorK CIty). "you love children 
and w.nt a c.rlng, fun 
erwIronment ..... IooIdng to 
hlN atatr tram &'21-811Il00 for: 
Tennis, Gol', Basketball, 
Softball, Volleyb.II, Soccer, 
Ropes, Self Defense, 
Gymnastics, Aerobics, 
Cheerle.dlng, Swimming, 
Sailing, Waterskiing, Piano, 
Drama Director, Fine Arts 
Director, Drawing and Painting, 
Ceramics, Jewelry, Unoleum 
Cuts, Batik, Calligraphy, 
Sculpture, Silk·Screenlng, 
Photography, Guitar, Video. 
Group Leaders, On Campus 
Interviews February 24th. Call 
800-279-3019. (1/10-2122) 
NEED INCOME? No experience 
necessary.One-on-onetraining 
and a chance to work with a 
Fortune 500 company. Create 
andlor magnify your resume 
experience, along with both 
intem and work experience. Call 
for an appointment interview: 
1-800-495-3732. (1/10-31) 
CHILD CARE needed, 1-5 days 
per week after school and 
occasional evenings. Own car 
required. $7thr. 5 min from 
UCSD. Please call Mark or Karen 
at 858.459.4470. (1110-20) 
HOTEL: RESIDENCE INN LA 
JOLLA. LOOKING FOR TEAM 
PLAYERS: FRONT DESK FTIPT. 
NIGHT AUDITOR PT (858) 587-

entrance, clean non·smoker, 
parking, phonellne, wind 'n sea 
beach, -utI. Incl. $595.00. 
(858) 459-6322. (111 ()'1131) 

FOR SALE 

NIntendo64, 4controllenl, 007, 
Zelda. Turok I & II, WWF, Marlo 
Cart, Expansion Packs. $175 
obo. (858) 638-1783. (1120) 
Metal Frame Futon $75. Wood 
Frame Futon $SO. Chris (619) 
846-5434. (1120-1124) 

UCSD ALLERGY STUDY: 
Subjects with current allergy 
symptoms to inhaled allergens 
(dust, grass, anlPhals) needed 
as blood donors. Will be 
reimbursed $35.00 fQr blood 
donation. Contact 534-2374. 
(1/13-1127) 
Caucaalan American research 
subjects reimbursed for 
interview. If you are a UCSD 
student, 18-25, call 552-8585 
x4185 for more information. 
(1/10-3116) 
Volunteers paid $30.00 for 
Interview. If you are entirely of 
Japanese or Korean descent, 
age 21·26, call 552-8585 
x2182. (1/10-3116) 
Jewish American Research 
subjects reimbursed for 
interview. If you are a UCSD 

...L-The Robed & Sonia Hamhurger Family ~L 
~ Endowment Cbamber Mu.ic Serie. ~ 

TOKYO 
STRING QUARTET 

Beethoven: Quartet in 0 Major, Op, 18, No. 3 
Webern: Langsmer Satz 
WolI: Ita/ian Serenade 
Sh~okovkh:QuartetNo. 9 

This Saturday • Jon. 22 • 8pm • Mondevil~ Au~Horium 
General S2S' AI SIudenIs SllJDdy., SSaI-the-door 

IK50 lox Offke: 851-S34-DXS 

x4185 for more information. 
(1/10-3116). 

SERVICES 

On';'Campus 
Interviews 

for 
ca,.., 

Po.ltlons 
,I.lli. 211- \1.11. III 

• Open to Mniors & grad students 
graduating by June 2000 

" Major employers 818 coming to 
campus to inlerview you for 
career positions 

"Be 11ft to IUbmIt yow_ 
online by the pcm.d ....... 

VltW job lillln .. Ii Ii", up fer illlCrViews II: 
www.."t.tuuLHMlt,tIj-._ 

Interviews held at the 
.... Library Welk pas CINYB 534-4472 
Hurryl S/ftHIp dMdIinn nt)' 

English tutor for 8th grade 
student, 4 hrs/wk, $121hour. 
Flexible scheduie, call 453-
5596 or fax resume to 587-
8869. (1120) 
eSCAPE to my Hillcrest 
sanctuary for an amazing 
Jacuzzi and m .... ge 
eJCP8flence. DIacount ~ith ad. 
Call Mark, 619-254-6275. (11 
20) 

IMRPOV TRAFfIC SCffOOL 
-:rile most fun you can • ..". 

have In Trafllc School." 
Claael weekly In La Jolla 

and San DIego. 
(800)775-LAFF 

Eating Disorders: confidential 
Holistic treatment in a warm, 
caring environment. MssIonHills 
BodyMind Wellness Center. 
619.296 .7591 or 
eshaIomOormed.edu. (1 f20.2/ 
22) 
SUCCESS Tutoring Services, 

www.successtutonng.com. WE 
ARE HIRING. (1/13-3116) 
PSYCHOTHERAPY. Become 
better able to cope with life's 
stresses. Identify and overcome 
obstacles to academic 
achievement. Help with 
depression , anxiety, 
relationship problems, family 
pressures. Supportive, caring 
approach. Close to campus. 
Reduced fees for students . 
Carol Randolph, Ph .D. 
(PSY15060) . 619-699-8484. 
(11/8-01/31) 

PERSONALS 
www.thecommentator.com . 
(1120) 
Awesome Possum! Peace Outl 
Cool Beansl 

Hello people in my classes. You 
know who you are. (1120) 
Try the hotpockets ... they're 
breathtaking. ·rliiiiiight.. .. 

GM- i've got yourdlp pan. If you 
ever want to see it agaln you'll 
do the right thing and throw a 
party 80 i can bring it back full 
of multilayered dip. (1120) 
AIbert,ClubMontagewasgreat. 
I can't wait to see you again . 
You real.'y know how to give a 
good time. -·M 

Guardian nostalgia: A sports 
column basking in the lasting 
reverie of the 1991 Super Bowl , 
and a three-year old Akbar and 
Jeffcomic. Watch soon fora Duran 
Duran retrospective.(1/20) 
Tip to comedian Norm 
McDonald: injecting a 1i11le 
humor would be a great ice 
breaker for your monologues. 
(1120) 

hundreds of tutors come to Watch for announcements 
you, at home or school. ALL conceming the great GUARDIAN 
SUBJECTS at ANY LEVEL, VALENTINE ISSUE, Mon. Feb 14th. 
competitive pricing, diacount 
packages available. (819) 51-
TUTOR or (619) 518-8867, or 

Maybe you can place a personal to 
a secret admiree (is there such a 
word?) (1120) 



18 IDATUS • 

r-------------------~~-=~~---, 

" 

Jason J. Ashby 
Killed by a drunk driver on 

August 17, 1995 
on Route 5 in 

Great Mills, Maryland. 

'et ~th8 Keys 
friallis dolt lit fritIa dria drl.~ 

u.s. o.p.,,_" eI ~ 

The ueSD Guardian Thursday, January 20, 2000 

MOVEMENT: 
Security will have a stronger 
presence at this year's event 
c..tIIIIIed frOIII ..... 13 
Freedoud's and Thomas Michael from Phatt 
Phunk wiIJ be gracing the turntables with their 
skills. These DJs along with a plethora of DVe 
and local DJs will be spinning techno, trance, 
goa, house, breakbeat, jungle, and har~core just 
to name a few of the lineup's musical arsenal. 

When asked how these artists were assem-
bled to do a free show, Boggs replied, "It's all 
connections. Everyone at DVe knew somebody 
affiliated with these DJs. It was all a matter of 
calling them on the phone and asking if they 
would do the show. The greatest thing was how 
the DJs treated the situation with enthusiasm 
once they heard what we were trying to accom-
plish with Movement." 

So, where did the mor.ey go for the show? 
Like any huge party, the Dve had to account for 
security this year. The main difference from last 
year's event is that the Price eehter will be 
fenced in and patrolled by 60 staff members 
from a private security firm. There will also be 
additional police patrolling the outskirts of the 
premise. Upon entrance, a light body search is 
required for all guests, and no bottles are 
allowed to be brought inside. Water bottles, 
however, wiIJ be sold by DVe for 51. Although 
the precautions might seem like maximum secu-
rity at a state penitentiary, the ratio of 5,000 to 
60, or 44 students to every 1 security officer, puts 
the J?icture into dearer perspective. 

, I've gotten e-rnails from around the country! 
People from Las Vegas to San Francisco will 
actually be flying down just to go to our party. I 
think that's a dear sif! of how successful our 
last festival truly was, ' Boggs notes. 

Looking at last year's success, the DVe truly 
has created a celebration of music through own 
unique community. The charitable donation to 
the San Diego Food Bank, the grassroots pro-
gram of enlisting world renowned DJs, and the 
DVC's intense commitment to Movement all 
reveal the true character of people bonded 
together, all for the love of music. 

Courresy of !tie Deejays and V/nylp/l/Ies CIIb's web lite 
Movemtnt will take place this Saturday {rom 5 

p.m. to 1 a.m. Call (619) 534-0940 or (619) 534-
5259 for more informatioll . Movement: Scenes frOm last year's successful event. 

WI'" in PB just up the 
IlrIII fnlm Council Travel 

.t 1655 Gamet 
483-1421 

OPEN 7 DAYS A WEEK 

VISIT WITH ISA REPRESENTATIVE 

ARTURO ARTAZA 
AT THE 

PRICE CENTER 
JAN. 24-25 
9:00AM· 2:00PM 

INTERNATIONAL STUDIES 
ABROAD 

90t W. 24TH ST .• AUSTIN, TEXAS 78705 
1-800-580-8826 

MANAGEMENT INTERN 
PUBLIC WORKS DEPARTMENT 

CITY OF ENCINITAS 
$9.69 - $11_78Ihr. 

Up to 19 hours per week 

Incumbent will perform a variety of administrative 
duties and receive on-the-job exposure to municipal 
government issues. Must 'have a basic knowledge of 
municipal gove.rnment mgmnt, public administration, 
and budgetary methods and practices. Must have 
ability to work well independently and communicate 
clearly and concisely, both orally and in writing. 
Proficiency in the use of ,Word and excel is required. A 
recent graduate with a bachelors or master degree in 
Public Administration (or closely related field) or a 
current student with significant course work toward a 
bachelors or master in the above coursework is 
required. Send or fax a resume with cover letter to: 
Internship Coordinator, Personnel Office, City of 
Encinitas, 505 South Vulcan Avenue,. Encinitas, CA 
92024. FAX: 760/633-2627 . PHONE: 760/633-2727. 
This position is open until filled. 

Thunday, January 20, 2000 

CREW: 
Ergometers used to 
avoid winter water 
CIMItIU2I d ".. __ 20 

Sharon Berquist took seventh 
with a 8:01.8, Rachel Weister 
took ninth with a 8:06.7, and 
with a time of 8:10, Jessica 
Jocious finished 10th. 

In the women's collegiate 
lightweight diVision, UCSD's 
Sara Patton took third with a time 
of 8:00.3. 

Triton women then took sev-
enth through thirtheenth places. 

"We did a lot better than las .. 
year," Pinkerton said. "This year 
IS a transition year with me being 
the new head coach. Our varsity 
squad is small but it's gutsy. We 
also have about 25 to 30 novices. 
We have some good athletes and 
a lot of depth. We had a very very 
strong shOWing. 
. ':This team is working hard," 

Fllb'ppone continued. "It's early 
on In the season, but there is no 
doubt we'll bust our ass this 
year." 

The ,m~n's crew heads back 
into the water on Feb. 26 when 
the Tritons head to UC Irvine, 
while the women won't head 
back intO action until Jan. 29, 
when they travel to Long Beach. 
Hopefully the water will be 
warmer by then so the ergome-
ters will be rut back into the 
closet and rea boats will be used 
for the first time this season. 
Let's hope for warm weather. 

Where It matters most. 
As onf of the world's tfadlng divfrsififd technology companies we're breaking new 
ground in everything from deflllse ud c_erel.t e1ectro~lcs, to .vlltlon, to 
engln_lng and .c.onstructton. As a Raytheon emptoyee, you'll contribute to the 
development of exciting. revolutionary technology dfsigned to make tife better. easier. 
and saffr throughout the world. Sum as our STARS air traffic control system. And our 
award-winning NightSight"" technology. 

But ~ all star1S with you. Your aeatiwity. Your knowledge. And enthusiasm about the future. In 
return, WI! oIIfr exceptional trIinIng and professiooaI dM/opment oppoItUI'Iitifs. A !UppOItNe. 
down-to-Hrth work environment And Incrediblt benffitS including flexible schedules 
designed to respect your quality olliff. 

50 you can sri" show uff all thost grrat qualiFies of yours outside of WOfi; too. 

We have ~ lot to tell you about Rayt/1fon and the e~citing opportUn~ies M havI! available. 
Ptan on Visiting our booth at your COltfgf career fair. II you are unable to attend the fair 
please e-mail yourrHumfto:r-or.yjobs.com (ASCII te~t only; no attachments): 
or mail to: Raytheon Compilly. Attn: National Staffing Dlta Center, P.O. 80x 
M02U. MS-201, Dan-. TX 752". U.S. citizenship may be required. We are an 
fqual opportunity emplOYff. 

The UeSD Guardiiln 

Opportunities are avaUable for exceptional students with the following majors: 

SPORTS 19 

........ 

'"It.~~ 
to ... win bowina we 
dIdil't play our belt nt&bv 

~," Cc8ch 1\'oy Meyir .ald. 
'We committed tu too many 
penalties and did not play good 
poteeUion ~, and we'D 
have to addJW th .. illues 
next week." 

UCSD wiD have to improve 
on this perfonNnce if it wants to 
add ariother national chunpi-
0IlIhip to its oolfem, but this Is 
. ~ a pd IIart \0 Ieepe play. . 

-BiUIaJpr 

• Aet'ONIutiol engineering • Computer Science • Management 
• ChemIcal engineering • Electrical Engineering • Marbtlng/Communications 
• Civil Engineering and • finance/Accounting • Math 

ConstructIon Management • Human Resources • Mechanical Engineering 
• Computer Engineering • Industrial and Labor RelatIons • Physics 
Check. out our Website at ~~w.ra,jobs.com/campus for further information 
IOdudlng a calendar of recrUiting events. At Raytheon. we strive to be the employer of choke for a diverse workforce by 

• attracting. retaining, and recognizing the most talented, resourceful and creative peoplf. 

Bringing technology to the edge 

Rayilleon 

. . .... 

" 

~ I 



20 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian Thursday. January 20. 2000 

...... ,-_ .. 
,..,.,,.... 

.......... ,.,. 
-.J __ ............ 

Bill Burg. 
Baseball Salaries on 
the Rise Again 

I know most of you aren't 
planning families yet, but keep 
this piece of advice in mind 
when you do finally decide to . 
have children: Move to New 
York and teach your kids how 
to play shortstop. 

There have been reports 
that the Yankees and their star 
shortstop Derek Jeter are get-
ting close to agreeing on a new 
contract. Allegedly this con-
tract would be for seven years 
and pay Jeter a record $118 
million. 

When I first heard this I 
)hought it was a joke. This 
contract would not only be 
the most expensive in base-
ball history, but it would pay 
Jeter almost $17 million a 
yea r. That is almost $2 million 
a year more than the record-
breaking contract Kevin 
Brown got during last year 's 
offseason. 

I thought [ had seen every-
thing from baseball, but this 
one takes the cake, at least so 
far. I wouldn' t even bat my 
eyelashes at this contract 
except for the fact that it was 
given to Derek Jeter, generally 
considered to be the second or 
third best shortstop in the 
American League. 

This wouldn' t be so bad 
except for the fact that the 
Mariners' Alex Rodriguez, 
probably the best shortstop in 
the American League, is in the 
last year of his contract and is 
on the trading block. 

How much is it going to 
cost to sign him? Moreover, 
how much is it going to cost to 
sign Ken Griffey Jr., baseball's 
best all-around player? 

The answer is unknown, 
but it will probably be in the 
area of $20 to $25 million a 
year for each. 

Where do you think all this 
money is going to come from? 
I can guarantee you that it isn't 
from the owners' pockets. As 
salaries go up, ticket prices go 
up. This is just another step 
toward bankrupting the poor 
fan. 

I can feel myself getting bit-
ter already. I know that in a 
few years I am going to want 
to go to a baseball game, only 
to have the cost of tickets be 
$30 and have hot dogs going 
for eight bucks a piece. 

Baseball games used to be 
the most affordable summer 
entertainment you could find. 
Pretty soon they are going to 
be like basketball, where only 
movie stars and corporate 
executives are at the game 
bt!cause they are the only 
orles that can afford to buy 
the tickets. 

Baseball is walking down 
a ~cary road, and one oruy 
has to look at the NBA to see 
the result. The only way to 
stop this process is to take a 
page out of the NFL's book 
and impose a salary cap. If 
this happens prices would 
remain low, and, because 
everyone would be on the 
same playing field, we might 
actually see somebody oilier 
than the Yankees win the 
World Series. 

Long Beach Rains on Tritons 
HURTING: The men's volleyball team falls to league rival Cal State Long Beach on Tuesday 
By BRIAN WB.LES 
Associate Sports Editor 

You could just feel the gri-
maces on their faces. 

You just knew that it was 
going to be a struggle and that 
UCSD was in for a long night by 
the time the second game rolled 
around. 

Smash after smash of the vol-
leyball going for .Long Beach State 
points landed on the Tritons' 
side of the net for the better 
part of the game last 
Tuesday night 
as the Long 
Beach State 
University 4gers swept the 
UCSD men's volleyball 
team 15-8, 15-2, 15-11 . The 
Tritons could do nothing to stop 
the overpowering performance on 
the part of their opponent. 

About the only person cheer-
ing hard at all in the stands was 
sophomore Jason Kim, who won 
a B1's pizza that was delivered 
right to his seat as part of a pro-
motion. 

It seemed tha t for the rest of 
Tuesday's match, 330 of RIMAe's 
Triton fans were experiencing the 
impact of the veloci ty at which . 
Long Beach State was spiking the 
ball. 

UCSD Head C6ach Don 
Larsen was expecting the 
Division I 4gers to bring quite a 
challenge. Despite foreknowl-
edge of the offensive attack com-
ing to RIMAC in the form of four 
middle blockers over 6'6", the 
Tritons and their coach could do 
little to stop the onslaught. 

Donald Chen was instrumen-
tal in carrying UCSD with 23 
kills, along with the consistent 
play of Zack Hite who added 14, 
but the Tritons could not find a 
way to get to the volleyballs fast 
enough. 

The game was close at first, 
with a score of 10-7, until the 
4gers started to pour it on offen-
sively and pulled away with a 5-
1 run to take the first game. 

Long Beach continued its mas-
terful defense by blocking the 
Tritons effectively with two and 
three men at the net. 

Junior Donald Chen had an 
isolated moment of outstanding 
performance for the Tritons with 
a nice kill past three 4ger 
defenders, which accounted for 
one of only two Triton points in 
the second game. The 4gers were 
infallible in their scoring oppor-

tunities, with 17 kills and 
zero errors. UCSD could 

muster the same 
kind of quali-
ty in their 
game and 

they committed nine 
errors in the game. 

UCSD managed to put 
together some points in the third 
game, but by the middle of the 
third, it was clear that the game 
was in Long Beach's hands. It 

. substituted a few of its best play-
ers, including Sean Callahan, 
who had 13 kills, and its super-
tar David McKenzie, who had 12 

kills. 
With its most potent offensive 

players on the bench, UCSD was 
able to take advantage of mis-
matches by altering its blocking 
tactics. The Tritons trapped the 
middle and back side o( the court 
allowing the UCSD offense to be 
more aggressive in their setting 
and spiking. This, combined with 
a slower team of players on Long 
Beach's side of the court, allowed 
the Tritons to come back into the 
game. 

With Long Beach's subs in the 
game, UCSD pulled within a point 
of the 4gers at 10-9 after trailing by 
six early. At this point, the Tritons-
had trouble with the accuracy of 
their shots and continually hit the 
ball outside the lines. This was 
eventually their downfall as they 
lost the game 15-11. 

Hite and Chen handled ,he 
lion's share of the offensive work 
dunng the match. Chen recorded 
45 total attacks and Hite had 34 
attacks during the match. No 

uu Hulf/Gtwl1lMl 

c..-.. tIIr--= UCSO Junior Donald Chen (15) spikes a ball 
past the defense in the Triton's loss to Long Beach on Tuesday. 
other Triton recorded more than 
10 attacks on the night. 

The main problem for the 
Tritons was on defense, where they 
only recorded 21 digs as opposed 
to their opponents' 32 The'tritons 
will need to improve on this if they 
are to keep up with some of their 
stronger competition. 

"We played hard, never gave 
up and did some nice thin~s," 
Coach Ron Larsen said. ' We 

thought Donald and Zack did a 
nice job executing how we want-
ed them to. We just squandered 
enough chances so that we could-
n't win." 

UCSD takes the court at 
RlMAC again on Saturday when 
the Tritons faces off against the 
Trojans of the University of 
Southern California. The game 
gets underway at 7 p.m., so get 
out and support your Tritons. 

Crew Teams Use Machines to Start Season 
SPRINT: Using ergometers to record their times, the crew teams kick of their season successfully 
By ROBERT FULTON 
Associate Sports Editor 

I personally have great 
respect for the men's and 
women's crew teams. When the 
rest of us are out late having a 
good time on the weekends, 
they are fast asleep getting ready 
to wake up at the crack of dawn 
for practice. 

Those early morning practices 
are obviously paying off because 
both the men's and women's 
rowing teams had fine perfor-
mances at the San Diego Indoor 
Classic Rowing Championships 
this weekend. 

The men took first place in all 
three competitive categories, 
grabbing the top spot in the varsi-
ty, novice and lightweight divi-
sions. • 

The women weren't quite as 
successful as the men, but they 
too performed well, with a third-
place finish in the Collegiate 
Lightwe~t division being the 
day's hi light. 

The n Diego Indoor Classic 
Rowing Competition sported 

four teams using ergometers to 
test their speed. • 

"This particular event uses an 
ergometer," women's crew Coach 
Patti Pinkerton said. "You can 
compare your results to everyone 
in the world. During the winter, 
we usually have two of these, 
and they're each 2000 
meters long.:' 

While much 
'of the world is 
covered in snow, 
the UCSD crew 
·team has found a way 
to totally avoid the cold 
by tapping into technology. 

"An ergometer simulates row-
ing motion," added Head Coach 
Michael Filippone. "It's a really 
good way on seeing who has the 
most power." 

The men thoroughly dominat-
ed the event. 

In the Collegiate Varsity level, 
the Tritons grabbed the top five 
spots. UCSD's David Tudrey lead 
the way with a first-place time of 
6:20.2. 

Brian Sullivan took second 
with a 6:22.0, followed by Mike 

Boos at 6:22.4, Mark Kern with a finished first with a 6:51.2, Ryan 
6:22.~ and Yukio King in fifth LoFranco took third with a time 
place with a 6:32. of 7:03.9 and Andrew Lee took 

Other finishers for the men sixth with a time of 7:16.5. 
were Paul Dodge, Andrew Chase, "We have an excellent team," 
Pat Carter and Brendan Fillipone said. "It's the strongest 
O'Connor. boat we've had since we won the 

In the Collegiate Novice . championship two years ago. We 
Men category, the Tritons should have a chance to win it 

took the top two spots again." 
and three of the On the women's side of the ~=:':':'I top five. team, the Tritons did not fare 

S cot t quite as well. 
Destafney fin- In the women's Collegiate 

ished first with a 6:26.3 Varsity division UCSD's Katie 
and was followed ' by team- Dilibero finished highest among 

mate Nick Douglas with a 6:33.7.! the Tritons, taking eighth place 
Teammate Tom Witslav finished with a time of 7:53.9. The only 
fifth with a time of 6:42.1. other Triton finisher was Suzie 

"The entire novice and varsity White with a time of 8:30.2 for the 
squads are filled with some ded- 12th spot. 
icated athletes," Filippone said. UCSD had a strong day in the 
"The varsity squad is not huge, women's ColieKiate Novice divi-
but it works hard. We have goOd sion, grabbing live of the top ten 
team chemistry, and they like to spots. 
be around each other." Michelle McKinnon grabbed 

In the men's collegiate liRht- third with a 7:57.6 and TIffany 
weight category, UCSD finis1led Cady grabbed fifth with a time of 
with three competitors In the top 7:59.6. 

s~spots. -----------------------
The Tritons' Daniel McCaIIin See ..., p ... 19 

- - - ---- -,. ---- - - - --...-. ------ . 


