
Film' Makeovers Turned Off 
Dazzling eJfocts and younger stars 
bring 1TlOTe popu/arit:)J to cinema, 
despite the loss of older talent 

Cellular phones prove to be more of 
an annoyance than a convenience in 
movie theaters and elsewhere 

Cirrulation 
11,000 

UCSAN DIEGO 

-In FeatltiP' "MIlo, 
CIIIIIII'. P"lld.1It Touts 
0... ..... " ............. 

BEUING - Officials have bee 
streaming into government book-
stores and hauling away stacks of a 
hot new product: a 74-page. 50-
cent booklet titled "A Great 
Program for Comprehensively 
Strengthening Party-Building." 

This must-read item consists of 
two recent speeches by the man 
who is the Communist Party chief 
and · president of China, Jiang 
Zemin, and a collection of editori-
als describing the "brilliant thesis· 
and "essential compass· that Jiang 
has laid out - a purported break-

See a.IA, Page 7 

NatIonal 
"..,....." ..... 
t.... ............. ... 
1aIID.c,-. .. 

"Gore Coverup Revealed'" read 
the headline on the e-mail mes-
sage from Washington. 

The five-paragraph missive, 
beamed into electromc mailboxes 
of reporters across the country last 
week, was another swipe at Vice 
President AI Gore by the 
Republican National Committee. 
However, it was not a suggestion of 
political corruption or obstruction 
of justice that had prompted the 
official Republican bulletin. It was a 
report that Gore wore makeup. 

. "This can't be Naomi Wolfs idea 

See ..... Page 7 

"I.~ UC ... ~I .. r 
... :dllla"....... 
AIr .................. 

BERKELEY, Calif. - Nearly 50 
demonstrators and a Berkeley City 
Council member crowded onto a 
parking lot this weekend with 
plush couches and televisions to 
protest the arrest of a UC Berkeley 
student. 

Ryan Salsbury, a junior, was 
arrested at 4 a.m. Saturday for 
trespassing after police warned 
him five times to leave the parking 
lot. He spent most of the weekend 
in the Berkeley city jail before 
posting a $212 bail and returning 
to the lot. 

Salsbury joins Boalt Hall School 
See ..... n, Page 3 

Spoken 
uYou have to take it 
upon yourself to use a 
seruri~ alarm, ignition 
rut-off or fuel rut-off 
system." 

-a... ...... 
UCSD police officer 

See story at right 

Hiatus, page 8 Opinion, page 4 

, H E '· u c 5 

www.ucsdguardian.org 

Virtuoso 

DIVic! Pill/Guardian 
~ • a I: Tht conductor of graduatt studnlt Eric Dries's pita MDivergencen salutes the orchestra after 
TIItSday's New Music Perfonrr4na at Mandeville Centtr: 

University, Nurses Association 
Reach Contract Agreement 
Potential CNA strike at three campuses averted with equalized 
pay, increased benefits and representation 
., VIIICINJ --- tcrs voted last month to authorize strike action if 
News Editor necessary to win a fair contract, the first time 

, that UC nurses had taken such action. 
The University of California and the David Johnson, director of the CNA's UC 

California Nurses Association reached a tenta- division, said those campuses authorized 
tive contract agreement last Thursday, averting strikes based on the contract proposals made 
strikes at three UC campuses. by the university. 

According to the CNA, the contract will cor- "What the university was offering at those 
rect pay inequities at several medical centers, campuses was so inferior that the nurses felt 
compensate nurses affected by the failed UCSF they had no alternative but to (authorize 
merger with Stanford, expand nurse reprcscnta- strikesl," Johnson said. 
tion rights and improve seniority provisions. Johnson added that strike would have been 

Judith Boyette, UC associate vice/resident imminent. 
for human resources and benefits, sai the un i- "If we had not .reached an agreement on the 
versity is pleased with the agreement. final day, I expect we would have authorized 

"Nurses arc critical to UC's ability to main- strike action," he said. 
tain the highest quality health care for our The tentative agreement will become effec-
patients," she said. "We are pleased to have tive . upon ratification by the approximately 
reached this agreement and look forward to 7,500 UC nurses around the state. 
continuing II productive, effective working Johnson said that the two sides have been at 
environment with CNA." the bargaining table for three months and that 

Dawn Love, UC Davis registered nurse and the university has a pattern of difficult labor 
chair of the CNA's Statewide Bargaining negotiations. 
Council called the new tentative contract "a "It's probably fair to say that the university 
groundbreaking achievement: typically makes it very difficult to make a fair 

"We believe that this contract moves UC agreement," he said. 
nurses light years ahead in areas of quality of He also said that the agreement was made 
patient care. rights for nurses on the job, and because union members were on the verge of a 
wage issues necessary to allow UC to recruit and strike. 
retain the highest quality of nurscs," she said. "We believe it was reached because thou-

Approximately 1,100 nurses represented by sands of nurses mobilized to tell UC that they 
the CNA work for UCSD, mainly at the Hillacst weren't going to settle for a second-class con-
Medical Center. While UCSD nurses did not tract," he said. 
vote to authorize a strike. nurses at the UC San ---------------
Francisco, UC Davis and UC Irvine medical cen- See COIft'ItACT, Page 2 

Trackin' Fast 
Numerous members of the track and 
field team bring out their best at 
national competition in fllinois 

D 
Sports, page 16 

Thursday 
June 1, 2000 

VO LUME loo, lSSUE 18 

Rash of Campus 
Auto Thefts 
Prompt Concern 
Five cars burglarized in one 
evening; UCSD remains 
behind other UCs in burglaries 
By REBECCA WOOD 
Staff Wfl ter 

Five cars were burglarized in Lot 701 last 
Thursday In a day of unusually high auto 
crime 

UCSD police suspect the cnmes wert: 
committed by the s,lme person or persons. 
The crimes were all reported at different 
times. 

UCSD police Officer Alan Jenkins said 
the hIgh number of au to burglary ases 
reported last Thursday is not the norm, but 
he also said that an unusual number of 
cases sometimes happen. 

"There are days like that where there will 
be extensive theft," he said. 

He added that on average, there are 
about seven burglari es per month. 

He said the UCS D campus has had fewer 
auto thefts and burglaries so far this year 
than in the first fi ve months o f last year. 

At this time last year, there were 4S cases 
of all:o burglary, and as of Wednesday there 
have been 40 reported cases this year. Last 
year there were 39 cases of auto theft, and 
this year there have been 31. 

Jenkins said that in 1999, Ford, Honda 
and Toyota were the top three types of bur-
glarized cars. . 

He added that while certain makes of 
cars are targeted more than others, these 
makes change over the years depending on 
the popularity and demand for the vehicles. 

He said the best way to prevent a vehicle 
from being stolen or burglarized is to use a 
protection device. . 

· You have to take it upon yourself to use 
a security alarm, ignition cut-off or fuel cut-
off system: Jenkins said . 

He said that other relatively inexpensive 
protection devices such as steering wheel 
locks are alsu good deterrents. 

Jenkins said Mesa Apartments and Lots 
102, 701 and 702 are the top locations for 
reported incidents of auto burglary. 

In 1999, there were 85 reported cases of 
auto burglary, a 13 percent decrease from 
1998. The average property loss was $437. 

Jenkins said that because Lots 701 and 
702 are so far from the center of campus, he 
is not surprised that they have been the 
locations of auto burglary. 

A Toyota MR2 was entered through a 
smashed, left- front window last Thursday. It 
suffered fuse and wire box damage. Stereo 
equipment and CDs were stolen for a total 
property loss of $2,000. 

Also on Thursday, a 1986 Toyota Supra 
was entered through a shattered, driver-side 
window. The center console was torn away 
and the battery terminal wires were severed. 
Car stereo equipment was stolen . Property 
loss was $375. 

On the same day, a 1996 Honda Civic 
was entered through a shattered, driver-side 
window and the center console was 
chipped. Car stereo equipment, CDs, a 
phone charger and a garage door opener 
were stolcn. Total property loss was $1,945 . 

A 1999 Honda Civic was also burglarized 
last Thursday. It was entered through a bro-

See .... n, Page 2 



2 NEWS 

EVENTS 
Thursda June 1 
Performing Arts: 
Theater 

A spring dance concert of new 
works will be held at 8 p.m. in Dance 
Studio Three at the Dance Studio 
Facility on Weiss Lane. The program 
repeats Friday and Saturday at 8 p.m. , 
and Sunday at 7 p.m. Directed by 
Margaret Marshall and Pat Rincon, 
undergraduate dancers will take over 
the choreography cluties in this show-
case of their original choreographic 
visions. Admission is $4. For more 
information, call 534-4574. 

Frida June 2 
Performing Arts: Violin 
and Viola 

Students of Janos l'<egyesy and 
Paivikki ykter will perform at 8 p.m. 
in Erickson Hall at Mandeville 
Center. Admission is free. For more 
information, call 534-4830. 

Saturda June 3 
Performing Arts: 
Woodwinds 

Allen Donnersberger, a wood-
winds performer, will be joined by 
colleagues in works by 
Donnersberger and others. plus 
improvised chamber music. The con-
cert begins at 8 p.m. in the recital hall 
at Mandeville Center. Admission is 
free. For more information, call 534-
4830. 

Suncla June 4 
Special Event: 
Graduation 

The UCSD School of Medicine 
will hold its graduation ceremonies at 
11 a.m. on the lawn at the corner of 
Osler and Gilman drives. Admission 
is free. For more information, go to 
http://plannmg.Ui:sd.eduicommencementlco 
mmence-main.htm 

Performing Arts: 
Chamber Ensembles 

Students of janos Negyesy will 
perform traditional chamber music at 
8 p.m. in the recital hall at Mandeville 
Center. A,lmission is $3. For more 
information, call 534-4830. 

Contract: 
Final version of contract is 
expected to be approved 
ContInued from .... 1 

johnson added that the ratification 
process is underway and that he 
expects a final version of the contract 
to be approved. 

Theft: 
Nine cases of auto burglary 
reported in May 
Continued from paC. 1 
ken, passenger-side window. The center 
console was tom apart and a car stereo 
was stolen. Property loss was $400. 

Finally, a 1997 Chevrolet Cavalier 
was entered through a shattered, dri-
ver-side window. A car stereo, a car 
phone charger, and some CDs were 
stolen. Property loss was $665 . 

Four other cases of auto burglary 
and three cases of auto theft have 
been reported in May of this year. 
jenkins said the number or reported 
cases of auto theft and burglary vary 
from month to month over the 
years. 

He added that the summer 
months seem to be safest because 
there are fewer cars on campus. 

The UCSD Guardian 

ETCETERA 

WHAT'S YOUR 
DEAL? 

BRIEFLY 

Benefit Honors Fonner UCSD Teacher 
International folk singer and former Scripps 

Aquarium Museum Director Sam Hinton will be 
honored by Young Audiences at its annual 
fundraiser, Arts on the Green, Sunday from 1 
p.m. to 5 p.m. at Meadowbrook Middle School in 
Poway. 

Arts on the Green is open to the public and 
features performances and workshops by The 
Classical Brass Quintet , Eveoke Dance Theatre, 
Mojalet Dance Collective, Contraste (Latin 
American folk music). San Diego Ballet , story-
teller Alyce Smith-Cooper, puppeteer Joe 
Fitzpatrick and San Diego Dance Theatre . 
Kansas City BarbeQue will sell food and run a 
silent auction. 

In his 66-year career, Hinton, 83, has worked 
regularly in radio and television, recorded a 
dozen solo albums, and performed in concerts 
in the United States, Canada, Mexico and 
Europe. Before retiring this January, Hinton per-
formed in hundreds of schools in San Diego 
County and around the country in seven 
decades. 

Hinton, who was also a folk music teacher at 
San Diego State University, UCSO Extension and 
UCSD until 1980, has performed in over 200 folk 
music concerts per year for the last 20 years. 

In addition to his musical career, Hinton has 
worked in the natural history field, acting as the 
director of the Desert Museum in Palm Springs 
and almost 20 years as head of the aquarium-
museum at the Scripps Institution of 
Oceanography. During his scientific career, 
Hinton also wrote and illustrated three books on 
marine biology. 

Tickets are $20 for adults and teens, and $15 
for kids 12 and under. For more information about 
this event, call Young Audiences at (619) 232-
2818 or go to http://hotyellow98.com/yasd 

Award-Winning Film by UCSD 
Filmmaker to Premiere June 2 

The San Diego premiere of the award-winning 
film, ·Compensation: directed by filmmaker and 
communic at ion professor Zeinabu Irene Davis 
wil l be held Friday at 7 p.m. at the San Dieg~ 
Museum of Photographic Arts. Additional 
screenings will occur Friday at 9:30 p.m., 
Saturday at 4:30 p.m. and 7 p.m. , and Sunday at 
noon and 2:30 p.m. Admission is $7.50 for 
adults, $6 for MOP~ members and $5 for stu-
dents and seniors. 

"Compensation," which will be the first local, 
Independent film to be screened at MOPA's new 
Joan and Irwin Jacobs Theater, was one of only 
16 films out of more than 900 included in dra-
matic competition at the Sundance Film 
Festival this year. Davis' film has received 
numerous lIWards, includinC the Reel Black 
Outstandine Film Award at the Toronto Film 
Festival and the Gordon Parks Award for best 
director at the Independent Feature Market in 
New York . The film has also been nominated for 
Best First Feature by the Independent Spirit 
Awards in Los Angeles. 

Davis and screenwriter Marc Arthur CMry 
will introduce the film and discuss it with the 
audience at the premiere screening_ Lead 
actress Michelle Banks will also be present for 
some of the screenings. 

·Compensation" is thought to be the first film 
to feature a black, deaf person (Banks) as the 
lead character. 

The dialogue in the film alternates between 
American Sign Language and English, thus 
subtitles are essential for both hearing and 
deaf audiences. Davis' black-and-white fea-
ture combines early 1900s photographs, two 
stories of romance, silent film conventions 
and an uncanny insight Into African American 
and deaf culture. 

Inspired by a 1906 poem from African 
American writer Paul Laurence Dunbar, 
• Compensation" intertwines two bittersweet 
love stories between two couples, one taking 
place at the beginning of the 20th century and 
the other at the end. The film's soundtrack fes-
tures the talents of ragtime composer Reginald 
8. Robinson and the African percussive master 
Atiba Y. Jali . The film also includes original 
choreography by acclaimed deaf dancer ' 
Christopher Smith. . 

Davis, a film producer and director who has 
made over seven films including the award-win-
ning "Mother of the River: "A Powerful Thang" 
and "Cycles," teacnes classes on media produc-
tion and theory at UCSD. • 

The film's premiere screening is co-sponsored 
by the UCSD department of communication, the 
UCSD Cross-Cultural Center, and the UCSD 
Women's Center. For more information about the 
screening or Davis' films, contact Rosalie 
Escobar at 534-6328 or visit Davis ' "Wimmin 
With a Mission Productions" Web site at 
www.wwamp.com 

READ UCSD I 

Thursday, June 1, 2000 

GuailDIAN 
MAlIC ca.a . JULIA~ 

Editors in Chief UDA...,." MOTIIlging Editor 
--

CO(JfI Editor 
.... = IPOIITO Associate Cop/l Editor 
WICDIT ..... • .. News Editor 

IlAlTICIItADU 
Associate NftIIs Editor 

--
Opinion Editor 
_ MAlI 

Associate Opinion Editor IU._ 
Sports EditOl' 

.... MI'OII 
Sports EditOl' 
811CA~ 

FlltJtures Edilor 

---
Associale FflQlures Edilor 

DMlDLD 
Hialus Edilor 

....... ...... 
Associate Hiatus Edilor 

WAIlDICI_ 
Desifll1 Editor 
LIlA ..... 

Photo Et/ilor 
DMlD PILZ 

Associale Pholo Editor 
IIICIl IUllCO 

Graphics &1ilOl' 

---
We6 Edilor 

...-. ....... 
lauren Coartney. $cOlt DoOroskl 
_ .......... 

Shannon Castle. T_e Dokko. Bert,."., ran. 
Jeremy Gte). H_ Gtllflth. KevIn Seld. 

Tom Vu. Deve Yen 
.......... 

"' .... ,k. ~oIIy. Albl. Oenny. Beth AINM. 
O::O:'~J':e'7rmP:::CC':*'~, ~OCt. 

Carrier. Aiel J. l ... i_ HImpIon. M'-'_ 
Hallftleld. KIm ~. Talt ....... C-. 

Pierce 

....... .. -Ezer~~!'.' ="'~~':=k 
~ 

IIIt.Une Cllen&. Amin F-.MI. Mimi Hsueh. 
Mayall. Munamecl. JoMpIIIne ROberts 

M , • • 

Andr:~:~'" CGPY __ 
Yo/IO I ..... Jelfrwy Wlllte 

--
Br.cIIey Root. Dnn HICIa 

...-u ...... 
8usinas~ 
_ .....-z 

Adwrlising Art Director 
urr_ 

Mllertising MantIfII!I' 
YVInI ALCAlA 

AssislantBusiness Mtmoger 

UWHII.I.-
JoIeIIh Lee. Fr..t Chol 

MUS _ I II ..... 
Zari .. "'._ • ...., 111_ 

ADIi ... _ _ • UYCIUJ 
Sk, F,OII_. KMIe Keenan. 

C..., BuftenlluyS 

---------
JecOO MeyIlet..,\. CIf11e E_lne. 

Gt .. ~oo:. g=~::: Chin. 
COMPUIIR ...... 

A_Chant, • 

Tile UCSO au.a. ... I. pub/l1/Ied Monday. Ind 
ThurS08ys durire lhe ac_ , .. by Ind lor lhe 
studenlS aI UCSD. Reproducllon althis.-_ 
In any fOf'm. whether In whole or '" I:*t . WlthguC 
permission IS strlclly pr~ecI. 02000. 11/ r.htl 
reserv"' . The UCSO au.nt" '1 nac , __ lor 
the return 01 uno04lc"ecI ........:rtpt. or arl . The 
ViewS .kprelMd ,*"n do nac __ II' repr. 
sent lhe OIJIn/onl 01 TIle IICSO GuMIIan. lhe 
Urw"lIty 01 CIhIornII or IIIe A_i • .., 51uc1en1I. 

I Tile UCSO GuonIt ... ,. ~ _ty by _rtlllre. 
New edII .... ,eI reilly lor ... _ :) 

General EdItorial: 534-6581 
News and Features: 534-5226 

OpInion. Sports IIId PhOto: 5346582 
HIatus: 534-6583 

Adverllslnc Offtce: 534-3466 
Fal : 534-7691 

e-mail: edlt~Sdfuarl1lan.OfI 
web: IItlp:/I ....... ucSl1luwl1/an.OfI 

UCSD aUllreilan, 9500 
Gil ..... DrIve 0318, 

La JoI .. , CA 92093-0318 
ActUlllOcatlon: Second Floor, UCSO 
Studlnl Center BU/lelnc ·A·. Rm. 217 

Thursday, June 1, 2000 The UCSD Guardian NEWS 3 

Northwestern University Students Earn 
JEasy N with Letter to The New York Times 
One freshman cuts class and receives perfect mark after newspaper printed letter 
Northeastern News 

(U-WIRE) BOSTON - For 
most of this quarter, freshman 
!«gina Pawlewicz has been a good 
student in the class "Introduction 
to Political Science; a requirement 
for criminal justice majors. She 
wrote an essay, took the midterm 
and the weekly quizzes. and read 
The NfW Ylri T/IIItS just about tvery 
day as professor William Miles 
requires. 

Now all that studious activity 
has ended, and she's been cutting 
class. She plans to go to the last 
one on Thursday, but she has no 
intention of taking the final. 

Why should she? She has an A 
for the course, all because she 
wrote a letter to the Trmes, and it 
was published. 

For about 10 years. Miles has 
begun this introductory class with a 
challenge: Get a letter published by 
tht most prestigious newspaper in 
the country and he'll award you with 
the most prestigious grade possible. 

"So as to stimulate inttrest in 

aerke.ey: 
Student has camped in 
parking lot since April 30 

~""""",1 
of Law student Rick Young as the 
second person arrested for protesting 
the proposed expansion of the lot. 

Salsbury said ht chose to get 
arrested to show support for 
Young, who has camped in the lor 

the letter-to-the-editor section I 
threw out this challenge and not 
once, in all these years of teaching, 
not one student got a letter pub-
lished; Miles said. 

He saw that streak end this 
month, with freshman communica-
tions major Geren Horsley's entry 
about an AIDS article that ran in the 
limes on Monday, May 15. 

1\vo days Iattr, Pawlewicz's let-
ter about the same subject was 
published. 

Arria Wright joined the group 
when she saw her name in print in 
the letters section under the head-
line "A Lot of Harry Potter" last 
Thesday. Wright madl: her letter 
personal, saying that she has a 12-
year-old sister who reads the popu-
lar Potter books. and noted that not 
many children will be able to finish 
reading the new hefty volumts, 
which will be 600 pages. -

"I started getting frustrated . I 
sent Ittters in six times: said 
Wright, a freshman criminal justice 
major. 

When she finally got a letter pub-
lished, Wright continued going to 

since April 30 to press Chancellor 
Robert Berdahl for a meeting. 

Young has said he wants to 
speak to the chancellor about five 
issues, including safety measures, 
campus greenhouse emissions and 
additional housing. 

A Superior Court judge ordered 
Young to stay away from the park-
ing lot after .he was arrested three 
times last weekend. 

Although he is careful not to 
step onto the lot, Young said he still 

class, despite her A, because she 
enjoys the weekly political debates 
about subjects such as abortion and 
capital punishment. She has become 
used to reading the paper every day 
because of Miles' challenge. 

"It made me read it more. I read 
all the articles to find something I 
was interested in," she said. 

After six tries writing about six 
subjects, the project gave Wright 
bra!l&ing rights with her name in a 
national newspaper. 

In an effort to encourage active 
reading and strong writing, Miles 
has offered this exercise to the 
class, which totals more than 100 
students, he said. 

"I want students to see how 
nonjournalists have ~n input into 
the news-making world; he said. 

Pawlewicz took on a serious 
subject and voiced her outragt that 
researchers skipped over a person 
who could havt helped them find a 
cure for AIDS. For six years, they 
ignored Erich Karl Fuchs, a man 
who seemed to be immune to the 
virus even though he had unpro-
tected sex with men who had AIDS. 

talks to protesters while standing 
on the nearby sidewalk. 

Young said he thinks the police 
originally arrested him to put a 
quiet tnd to the heated battle over 
the lot's future. He said, however, 
that their tactics merely exacerbat-
ed the conflict. 

UC police Sgt. Karen Alberts 
confirmed Salsbury's arrest but 
said the police had no further com-
ment about it. 

- Daily Californian 

LOWER 
STUDENT 
AIRFARES 

Athens ............ $745 
Florence .......... $648 

Mexico City ..... $294 
london ............ $45 8 
Paris ........ .. ..... $5 19 Costa Rica ....... $5 1 2 

Sydney ............ $868 
Bali ................. $759 

Amsterdam ...... $607 
Madrid ........... $640 

Bangkok.. ........ $555 
Tokyo .............. $530 
Rio .............. ... $655 

Rome .............. $676 
Frankfurt.. ........ $655 
Munich ........... $658 

~o!!~~~ 
Mk oboul OUiuM!1I 

....... iiI.A.IIL!1J::...:.n..:::'Q,::...:~~e:.!:...l_h_OWl_S_l _flll-----..:!!= __ ... ::-~ 
America's STUDENT TRAVEL leader for over 50 years 

UCSD Prite Center 'lSI) 452-0630 SAl HOURS: l00m-2pm( ...... ~) 
C ... Ij,I ....... ,eLc. www ...... I1 • ...a.co. 

THE BLANK SLATE PLAYERS present 
"When The Screen 

Hits The Fan" 
J\GE @ the PUB 

N 0 COVE R~()'OD 8: DRINK SPECIALS ~~~S'NG 
SHOWS ARE 18 a OVER, with. 21 a OVER AREA 



4 OPINION 

EDITORIALS 
... c-. Editor in Chief 

..... ....... ." Editor In Chief 
a.- ...... MlJIIlIIing Edito, 

............ Copy Editor 
......... Opinion Editor 

"........ nI, News Editor 
u.. ...", Photo Editor 

rM UCSO Guar(/jMlI, publlsIIod IwOC •• wool! .. lilt UrwtfSlly 01 C_. 
San o.eco ContenlS 02000. v ..... tlpr."" ........ "pr .... 111It """"'IY WIl. 
oIlh. edto"" _d. end ar. no! _ ...... Iy IhOIt 01 lilt UC _d 01 RIC""'. 

lilt ASUCSO. not lilt tnl •• GuIt_ ... 1. 

Ad and Article Ware 
Not Meant to Mix 

On May 25, the Guardian opinion section 
published a wire story (,"Pelfect Egg' Should 
Not Be On The Auction Block") from the 
UCLA Dairy Bruin. This article - like any 
other opinion piece published in the newspa-
per, whether it be taken from a wire service or 
written by a Guardian staff writer - did not 
purport to represent all or any of the editori-
al staff's personal pinions or prejudices. 
Unfortunately, the article happened to run 
above a half-page advertisement for an egg 
donor, a coincidence that may have seemed 
intentional to some of our readers and adver-
tisers. 

We would like to make it perfectly clear 
that this was indeed a coincidence, and not a 
subversive effort to undermine the credibility 
of our advertiser. Because we understand 
many people may find this hard to believe, we 
would like to briefly explain the production 
process that allowed this to occur. 

For the most part, the editorial and busi-
ness offices of the Guardian - like any news-
paper - operate separately. Recent scandals 
such as the controversy over the conflict of 
interest involved in The Los Angeles Times 
receiving advertising money for the special 
section of the paper it ran on the Staples 
Center illustrate the importance of this 
arrangement. The result of this separation 
means that the Guardian is laid out in two dis-
tinct components: The advertisements are 
placed first, and the remaining space is given 
over to the editorial staff to fill with articles. 
The editorial staff does not see the advertise-
ments that share the page with their sections. 
It merely sees the space left unfilled by adver-
tisements. 

Only after both halves are completely 
designed and printed are the two parts past-
ed together before being sent to the printer. 
During this phase, someone might notice a 
conflict between the advertisements and the 
articles sharing the same page, although this 
is not something we are generally con-
cerned about. In this instance it just so hap-
pened that no one noticed. The result was 
an article deploring the practice of egg 
donations sharing the same page as an 
advertisement for egg donors. 

We would Like to apologize to our readers 
and advertisers for this incident because, 
under the circumstances, it did seem too 
improbable to be a coincidence. The Guardian 
has enough influence in voicing its opinions 
without having to resort to this kind of 
behavior. 

At the same time, however, it is heartening 
to note that the system of separation does 
work: Advertising does not influence editori-
al content and vice versa. An advehisement 
can share the same page as an article arguing 
against the product or service it is promoting, 
allowing the newspaper's readership to make 
up its own mind about the issue, which is -
after aU - the ultimate goal of journalism. 

PROPS & FLOPS 

~ Thumbs down to George - "Dubbya" Bush for refusing a nuclear weapons briefing from Secretary of Defense William 
Cohen. Like we're going to trust you now. 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, June 1, 2000 

PINION 

AUltIn Hlla/ GIwdI .. 

Cellular Phone Usage Has Stopped Being 
a Convenience and Become an Annoyance 
Cell phones, originally intended for emergencies and as substitutes for traditional 
phones, have taken on a unique cultural niche that is neither vital nor welcome 

Senior Staff Writer 

The Italian word "cafone· indicates'a 
person who, taken by his own self-
importance, behaves in a rude and arro-
gant manner when in the presence of 
other people. Recently, the Italian press 
and common folklore have been associ-
ating this word more frequently with the 
owners of cellular phones. It is hard not 
to sympathize with this association. 

Most noncellular chatters will proba-
bly have a fairly good idea of what I am 
talking about. You are having lunch with 
an acquaintance and - right in the mid-
dle of discussing last night's movie - her 
phone rings, and there she goes talking 
for half an hour with Ted from work. Not 
only that, but since - out of politeness 
- you wait for her to finish the call 
before eating your lunch, the net result 
of this conversation (from your personal, 
if somewhat partial, point of view) is the 
ruin of your risotto, your culinary sacri-
fice acknowledged only by a half-heaned 
"So, you were saying ... ." 

People should be reminded 
that the theoretical 
possibility of placing phone 
calls from one's car does not 
translate into an imperative 
to actually hold a 
continuous phone 
conversation. while driving, 
Most San Diego drivers are 
bad enough with both eyes 
on the road, and the last 
thing we need is to have 
them in the middle of a 
heated argument while 
launching a 4,OOO-pound . 
sport utility vehicle down a 
crowded freeway at 80 
mph. As is the case with every good Italian, I find the very idea of discussing work at 

the lunch table repulsive and barbaric. To will leave the phone turned on intention-
do it with somebody other than the per- ally out of the sheer pleasure of telling 
son with whom you are having lunch, the caller that they arc at the opera and 
and over a phone no less (thereby cutting asking if the caller could please call later. 
your lunch companion out of the con- This behavior, disturbmg as it may be, 
versation), should be considered is in line with the most important appli-
grounds for self-defense in your friend's cations of the c:ellularJhone: talking 
murder trial. about one's location, a talltlns about 

Then there are, of course, the classics: cellular phone rates. Why people have 
phones ringing at the movies, in theaters. such a compelling need to notify all their 
at the opera (always, with mathematical friends of where they are located at any 
precision, at the time in which the hero- particular time of the day, I don't know. 
inc is about to die in an orgy of watery However, it is a fact that, while discm-
eyes, accompanied by a pianissimo). It is barking. say. from the 10:30 p.m. plane 
quite surprising that people accustomed from Denver, you can always fin<i people 
to using such technologically advanced rushing to whip out their cell phones to 
gadgets should be baffled by the linear inform the world that they are, indeed, as 
simplicity of an on/off switch. A person _ planned, and at exactly the expected 
less urbane than myself could even time, gloriously disembarking from the 
entertain the suspicion that such people 10:30 p.m. from Denver. 

If hearing some stranger relate his or 
her position to the world from the hall of 
the airport is little more than an annoy-
ing curiosity, the situation is very differ-
ent when the same stranger loads phone 
and family into a car and starts driving. 

People should be reminded that the 
theoretical possibility of placing phone · 
caDs from ooc's car does not translate 
into an imperative to actually hold a con-
tinuous phOne- conversation while dri-
ving. Most San Diego drivers are bad 
enough with both ~ on the road, and 
the last thing we need is to have them in 
the middle of a heated argument while 
launching a 4.000-pound sport utility 
vehicle down a crowded freeway at 80 
mph. If you really need to call while in 
transit, please have the decency to ride 
the bus. ' 

If thinp are tough for theiMOmit 
bystander, all is not weU for the owner of 
the cell phone either. ~II phones are 
diabolic Instruments by which one can 
always be reached at the exact moment at 
which one would rather be unreachable. 
People keep telling me that things are 
not so bad, and that if you don't want to 
be reached, you can always tum the 
phone off. 

I don't buy it. First of all, if things 
were really that simple. why is everyone's 
phone ringing in the middle of "A 

·'Streetcar Named Desire-? It is as if pe0-
ple have a pernicious desire to be 
reached ",hile at the theater - which 
seems to defy the purpose of going to the 
theater to begin with. 

Second. phones generate expecta-
tions. and one expects the proud owner 
of a cdl phone to be more reachable than 
the equally proud nonowner. A cellular 
phone is a good way to increase one's 
amount of unpaid overtime work. 

If you try to explain to your boss that 
your phone was off last weekend 
because you prefer the predlc:aments of 

Set '"-S, Page 6 

Thursday, June 1,2000 The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

The Guardian's Coverage of This Year's Sun God Left Much To Be Desired 
Editor. 
Throughout this ~ar, I have 

been frustrated and disappointed 
with the GlUJt'dian's coverage of the 
three largest campus festivals, 
especially the Sun God Festival. 
The GlUJt'dian is, without doubt, 
lacking what any newspaper is 
supposed to have: research, unbi-
ased news writing and any sup-
ported information. This. unfortu-
nately, proves to be a great disser-
vice to the students and communi-
ty here at UCSD . . 

As festivals coordinator for the 
1999-2000 school year, I feel I must 
address some issues rqarding the 
Sun God Festival, whicn I feel the 
GlUJt'dian has either failed to men-
tion or has incorrectly written 
about. The reporten have been 
ignorant about every factor and 
detail of the work involved in orga-
nizing the festival and have disre-
~ the mf;lning of the festival 
Itself. 

The Sun God Festival is a day 
for aU UCSD students to enjoy. It 
brings out the enthusiasm and 
excitement that we normally do not 
see on this campus. As I walked 
around my fourth and last Sun 
God, I was sad to see this happen 
only once a year. The Sun God 
Festival is a daylong affair and the 
whole day should be the focus, 
including the daytime and the 
nighttime entenainment - the 
whole atmosphere of Sun God 
should be the focus, not the sub-
jective opinions of the Guaniilln 
writers toward the artist lineup. 

Annually, the GlUJt'dian pnnts a 
special Sun God section that is 
supposed to promote and infomr 
the students about this special 
evenL In past years, it has included 
interviews with the bands, ankles 
regarding daytime activities, and it 

usuaUy presents all aspects of the 
festival. . 

This year, I was not contacted 
once by the hiatus section editor 
about the Sun God Festival. 
Reiardless of who is playing at the 
nighttime concert (which I will 
touch upon later) the campus 
newspaper must at least report 
what IS happening and not its opin-
ion of the event. Official Sun God 
artwork for the current year's festi-
val was not used, and instead, art 
from two years ago or work 
designed by a GlUJt'dian graphics 
editor was printed. The annual let-
ter written by the festivals coordi-
nator to the students (partially due 
to administrative co!'cem), asking 
them to have a safe and fun Sun 
God was not printed this year by 
the GIUJt'dian. Daytime stage enter-
tainment was neglected and every 
~r it continues to attract a larger 
crowd in the Price Center Plaza. We 
had a record number of student 
organizations participate, who are 
key to the festival, but we had no 
mention that the winners of the 
booths were Nu Alpha Kappa and 
Circle K. 

As printed in the May 18, 2000 
hiatus section, "The Guardian 
explores Sun God 2000's weak 
nighttime concert lineup: but 
writer Joseph Lee failed to contact 
me or anyone on the committee 
regarding the show. Apparently 
not much exploration was done, 
because the article was written, 
not based on facts, but on his 
opinion. Even the band biogra-
phies were wrong, despite the fact 
that every effort was made on our 
end to ensure that interviews and 
information would be made avail-
able. 

Furthermore, I must elaborate 
on how one goes about booking 

Lett .... t~ Ed"or 
The GuardIan welcomes letters Ii'om 
Its rNders. All HItters must be no 
lotWer than 500 wonJs. typed, double-
spac«l and sJfned. Letters must lllso 
contain a phone number. We ,_ 
the riIht to edit fof /enlth and clarity. 
Letters may be dropped off lit the 
GuardlII'I aftIce on the teCond floor of 
the 5rudlWlt c.rtar. Send aJlletters to: 

The UCSD Guardian 
Opinion Editor 

9500 Gilman Dr. 0316 
La )01111, CA 92093-0316 

Fax: (619) 534-7691 
e-mail: edit~"uardlan.orl 

bands and some of the surround-
ing situations that the public does 
not realize. 

First of all, in the music indus-
try, college campuses are not high 
on the list ofvenues bands want to 
perform at. We offer virtually no 
artist fee comparable to what pro-
moters can pay, especially with the 
amount of ticket sales at larger 
venues, which they would not 
receive with our free show. Radio 
shows and large nationwide tours 
are rampant this year, leaving every 
popular artist on those bills 
unavailable for our concerts. Artist 
fees have skyrocketed for bands. It 
is next to impossible to book a 
band that .has any name recogni-

tion with our current festivals bud-
get. Since February, more than 25 
offers had been sent out, not 
including numerous hours spent 
on the phone talking to multiple 
agents from various talent agen-
cies. Rumors had spread about 
Naughty by Nature and Run DMC 
performing at the festival, but 
these artists canceled for the above 
reasons. 

We checked on bands that were 
available and what their past tour 
history was like. We based our deci-
sions on who actually was avail-
able, what our budget was and on 
the fact that the Aquabats, Rahzel 
and Dishwalla would put on a great 
show. Energy level and good per-
formances are and should be the 
main reasons for putting together 
the artist lineup. From the looks of 
the crowd at the concert, I must say 
the artists made every effort to 
energize the crowd and succeeded 
for the most part. Dishwalla will be 
releasing a new album in the future 
and most of their set consisted of 
new songs. 

If the GlUJt'dian had even both-
ered to interview the band, it would 
have realized the potential of 
Dishwalla's performance. Rahzel 
may be only one of the Roots, but 
as the Godfather of Noyze, he 
proved to be amazing and enter-
taining on stage. Unfortunately, 
what everyone seemed to forget 
was that the nighttime concert is 
only a part of Sun God, and there 
are so many other aspects of it that 
make it fun . 

Whether it be the laziness of 
the reporters or the disinterest of 
the GlUJt'dian as a whole toward the 
festival , it is unacceptable for the 
campus newspaper to misrepre-
sent and misinform this newswor-
thy event. Being the largest cam-

puswide event of the year, the Sun 
God Festival definitely deserved 
much more time and effort than it 
received. Even during the night-
time concert, the reporter cover-
ing the show did not ask me one 
question regarding the festival, 
and then on Saturday, one hour 
before his deadline, asked some-
one else for my name and contact 
information. The festival commit-
tee and I feel that with all the time 
and effort we have put into 
Fallfest, Winterfest and Sun God, 
the Guardilln has severely disap-
pointed and disrespected us in its 
coverage of these events and fal -
tered in being the supposed vehi-
cle of information for our stu-
dents. 

I hope the incoming editors are 
serious about making the Guardian 
what it should be and that any 
integrity and work ethic be main-
tained. 

-AetnaWun 
1999-2000 ASUCSD Festivals 

Coordinator 

Design Editor's note: The Guardian 
has ntver reproduced A.S. Sun God art-
work for reasons of fair lISt and owner-
ship. The graphics and design editors 
coJlaboratf to crecm a unique look for the 
Sun God section every year and have 
never been attadttd for not using NOfJi-
oa/" artwork. No artworlc from previous 
years was reproduced in this most recent 
Sun God issue. ex«pt for the booth 
maps, which A.s. requested.1IIt use and 
though/folly provided. 

Hiatus Editor's note: There seems to 
be some di.scrrpancits tIuzt rtquire clari-
ftcaticm. First, the Guardian does not 
work for Associated Students. The 

See LEnlRS, Page 6 

SPECIAL EGG DONOR NEEDED 
Preferred Donor will meet the following criteria: 

Height Approximately 5 '6" or Taller 
Caucasian 

S.A.T. Score Around 1250 or High A.C.T. 
College Student or Graduate Under 30 

No Genetic Medical Issues 

COMPENSATION 
$80,000 

Paid to you and/or the charity of your choice 
All related expenses will be paid in addition to your compensation 

(Extra compensation available for someone who might be 
especially gifted in athletics, science/mathematics or music) 

For more information or to obtain an application please contact 
Michelle at the Law Office of Greg 1. Eriksen (800) 808-5838 or email EggDonorInfo@aol.com 

• 1JN tul is being pltJeed for II p.rhefllllr client lind is not soi;c;tllting eMS for II donor bllnlt. 

.. . , 



6 OPINION The UCSD Guardian Thursday, June 1, 2000 

NO (~OVER TO GET IN. 
NO I.D. REQUIRED. 

As a matter of fact, all you need 
is a few bucks and 
our phone number. 

So give us a call and discover 
that not all pizza is alike. 

4130 La Jolla Village Drive 

458-9800 

PhOnes: 
Cellular phones are as 
duplicitous as ~ device 
c .................. . 

If you try to explain to your boss 
that your phone was off last week-
end because you prefer the 
predicaments of Blanche Dubois to 
those of the marketing department, 
you would certainly be offered 
some colorful suggestions as to 
what to do with your brand-new 
phone, followed by the advice 
(from your, by now, ex-boss) of 
sleeping late on Monday b«ause 
the unemrloyment office does not 
open unti 10 a.m. 

braks down on the &eeway near 
San Clemente or some other ungod-
ly place without relying on the gra-
ciousness 0( other motorists, which 
- as all Southern California people 
know - is as scarce as I liberal city 
council. 

In this predicament, I cell 
phone could be I godsend unless 
your banery is dead because, prior 
to the breakdown, you called every 
single person you know, keeping 
them informed of your ever-chang-
ing location and the exceptional 
tefephone rates your cellular ser-
vice is providing you. 

NOW OPEN in UTe·mlnutes from c",npus' 

The power of the cell phone to 
nullify any possible excuse for not 
being reachable is so strong that in 
Italy (where, out of a population of 
60 million, there are already 30 
million cell phones), one of the 
most lucrative segments of the 
market is composed of mothers 
who buy them for their children 
(where, by Italian custom, a child is 
considered to be anyone between 
the age of five and SO) so they 
won't have an excuse not to call. 

All in all, cellular phones are I 
great invention but. like all innova-
tions, they can be misused. They 
can be used for our convenience 
and to get out of difficult situa-
tions. They can also be used to let 
our work erode more of our per-
sonal life. and to erect an even 
higher barrier between ourselves 
and the people around us. We 
already live very isolated and lonely 
lives, and the last thing we need is a 
tool that will isolate us even in 
those (increasingly rare) occasions 
when we are surrounded by people. 
Maybe cellular companies should 
start a new plan: SO percent dis-
count on all calls followed "r a 15-
minute conversation With a 

p---------- ----. I 
I 
I 
I 

Papa 
14 

Reach 
UCSD Q) 

• Rates • Ad Sizes 
• Pub Dates • Specials 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
1 
I 

There are. I will admit, occasions 
in which a cell phone is extremely 
useful. Everybody appreciates the 
ability to caft AM when your car 

LEIIERS: 
Criticism is one Of Hiatus' 
primary responsibilities 
Co ................ . 

stranger. 

"ator apparmtly ovtrIooIttd tht actw1 
contmt, whtrrvpon taCh band was rov-
"ttl in detail. Criticism IS an inttgral 
part of tht HiIlIvs section. Substt(Ut'lltly, 
there W4S mudt to bt criticim1 with this 
year's SIItI God conem. ~ 
HUttw "ever att«1cerJ tht fostiTJaJ's 
importanct, bvt qwstiontd tht quality 
of its mghttimt amcm Iintup. 

www.ucsdguardian.org GuiBoWi ONLINE 

HiIlIvs section has a rtsponsibibty to 
cOvtr upcoming lItIiumity tvtnts. but IS 
noI obli~ to unduly prumott tlttm. 
The S«twn editor crmsidmd this yttn"s 
SIItI God Iintup wtak m comparison to 
past tlmutS, which W4S aprtsstd in tht 
May 18,2000 ISSW. I" rtgards to the 
artidt writtm by)oseph Let. tht cDOrdl-

Opinion Editor's /IOtt: Our reasons 
for rIOt publishing tAt open /ettrr this 
year wtrt quitt simple: wt 1InJtr 
received a COf'l. Jiad wt receivtd il we 
would have g~ publishtd it. 

Do.'fBe 
Droppecl 

5 .. Ht ... er 5eAAioll COHrAeA are 
aHtotltaticall., caltce"ed dlle 
to HOIl-pa"lIteltt Oil J .. lle 7. 

First session: 
July 3 - August S (5 weeks) 

Second session: 
August 7 - September 9 (5 weeks) 

Special session: 
July 3 - September 9 (non-S week courses) 

Sum.m.er SeSSion Office 
UCSD ExtenSion Complex, Bldg. A 
M-F Bam-4:30pm 
(85B) 534-.4.364 

sumrnera>ucsd.edu http://ucsd .edu/sumrner 

I~ __ ~ ______ _ All these offers good through Final~ 

:LARGE'S 99: 
,I· Topping TWO for $11.98 , 
II PIZ"'A ~,rr::::,:="..;.:o:_ I, 

... 17 ............ .--....-""-..,. L ________________ ~~~~ ____ ~ 

~ LA JOLLA/UCSD 
3211 Holiday Court 
(858)452·('l~'R 

Sun.-'TIVs. II ~ 12 MId., Fri. & Sat. II am-I am 

I · LARGE l for $11991 , 
:.-"'INGPIZZA 1 I .~ : 
1 No .... o..p ow. &era. 1 AdcIaotNLI ~ DeutIt' .... bd brecrdItIclcs , 
I c:.r,ouc 0nfrI 1 a....._".., 1*1 ....... I •• a ............. , 

I+UCID I+UClD I+ UClD I 1 412 .. 271 1 412 .. 271 1 412 .. 271 I 
,.,. ... - 1 ,.. ... - 1 ""' ... -I · ., .. -........ . 17._........ 17."_._ "'-""-" . .........""-.., . ........101-,. Eap.- J r., _ . .J r.,.._ . 

._------ -------- -------
P ._"",*""," "",,--,...,..Ior.......,. LJINIecI.....,_._ .......... Ow ..... .., 

Thursday, June 1, 2000 The UCSD Guardian NEWS 7 

World News China: 
America and New Europe Eye Friendship Rifle-toting former soldiers roamed the streets 

been pounded home in laudatory 
editorials and televised testimonials 
by leaders from every province and 
officially recognized social group. 

Jiang is making other officials 
go through th panegyrics as a 
show of his leadership, as pan of 
his maneuvering to retain supreme 
power in the decade ahead. 

BERLIN - As President 
Clinton starts a three-day visit to 
Berlin on Thursday amid the uncer-
tain flux in the U.S. relationship 
with Germany and its European 
partners, it is clear that an era has 
passed. This is the first visit by a U.S. 
president to Berlin since the gov-
ernment moved here from Bonn 
and so brought down the final cur-
tain on the decades of postwar 
Allied tutelage of Germany. Less 
apparent, however, are the focus 
and ~uilibrium of a relationship set 
adrift by the end of the Cold War. 

The Clinton administration, 

under pressure from Congress, 
wants Germany to do more -
send thousands of troops to 
Kosovo, increase its defense 
spending, stimulate its big econo-
my through deregulation. 

When Germany and its 
European' partners try to coordinate 
that defense spending, develop their 
own mililalY identity within NATO 
through the formation of a 60,000 
strong rapid-reaction corps and 
generally sketch a partial emancipa-
tion from U.S. strategic dominance, 
Washington gets uneasy. 

"The United States says it 

National News 
E-maIl: 
Compat9J will attack 
~ breaJeup plan 
c. LI •• """"", 
of an alpha maIe'- the message 
9uoted Jim Nicholson. !fie 
Republican national chairman, as 
having joUd about a rcant article 
in 1¥ magazine that said Gore 
used spray-on COIIlldics. 

Only by extension is the target 
of the computer missives the 
American voter. The more imme-
diate audientt is the American 
journalist. -Oil 52: Reporters 
Held Hostage! screamed the 
headline of an e-mail from the 
Republican National Committee 
in April. One of I series fA such 
messages from the committee, it 
was intended to remind the press 
that the vice president had not 
held I news confermce in 52 days. 

~~.iE have always whis-

pemI nasty Iitde nothings about 
the opposition into reponm' ears. 
Just as e-mail his ushered in a new 
era fA epistoIIry ease and connect-
edI1CIIlor the World Il Jaric. it has 
also aaII:d a ttyper.dIicient form 
of press me... a pepaiess docu-
malt that not only Iinb the politi-
cal world to the nation's assign-
ment editon, columnists and news 
anchors in seconds. but also allows 
the ~ to fire It each other 
at will. all day long. 

As I result. the campaign is no 
longer so much a series of stops as 
an endless WI¥e. Gaze at the laptop 
screen fA any political reporter on 
the road these days and sec how 
rapidly campaign e-mail accumu-
lates: the Message of the Day has 
givm way to the Message of the 
Last 10 Minutes. And in the prolif-
eration of messa~ comes all man-
ner of informanon: useful, irrele-
vant or irreverent 

- Peter Marks 
The New York Times 

wants a clear phone number for a 
Europe with some real Cohesion." 
said Juergen Chrobog, the 
German ambassador to the 
United States, "but when we try to 
give it one, we have problems." 

At the root of the U.S. unease 
lies the fact that, having complet-
ed their economic union through 
the introduction of the shared 
euro currency, Germany and its 
European allies have embarked on 
a determined push for political 
and military integration. 

- Roger Cohen 
The New YorA: Times 

through in Communist doctrine 
labeled the "Three Represents: 

To prosper in a new century, 
Jiang says in these speeches. the 
pany "must always represent the 
development needs of China's 
advanced productive forces, must 
always represent the forward direc-
tion of China's advanced culture 
and must always represent the fun -
damental interests of China's 
broadest number of people." 

In a classic propaganda campaign 
that gathered full force in May, 
Jiang's supposed breakthrough has 

Jiang is expected to resign as the 
pany's general-secretary at the 16th 
Communist Pany Congress in 2002, 
when he Will be 76. However. with 
no strong successors in sight, Jiang. 

. who has led the party since 1989 and 
served as president since 1993, is 
widely believed to want to continue 
pulling strings from behind the 
scenes. as Deng Xiaoping did in the 
1980s and 1990s. 

- Erik Eckholm 
The New York Times 

Leatherback Turtle Facing Extinction 
NEW YORK - Leatherback 

turtles, whose numbers in the 
Pacific have plunged in recent 
years, will all but disappear within a 
decade unless commercial fishing 
practices are changed, according to 
a new analysis of the giant animals' 
nesting activity. 

The turtles, which nest on 
beaches ad then spend almost all 
of their lives in the open sea, have 
been dying in large numbers - at 
least 1,500 femares every year, by 
some estimates - caught in the 
long lines and nets used by com-
mercial fishers. 

This level of mortality, com-
bined with the natural high mortal-
ity of turtle hatchlings, means that 
the population is unsustainable, 
according to the analysis. a com-
puter model devised by scientists at 
Drexel University in Philadelphia 
who have studied the turtles' nest-
ing activity at a major site in Costa 
Rica since 1988. 

-The rate of adult mortality is 

too high,- said Richard Reina, a 
marine biologist at Drexel and one 
of the authors of the study, which is 
being reported Thursday in the 
journal Naturr. "They just can't 
recover.-

From a high of 1,367 females 
that nested at Playa Grande, Costa 
Rica, in 1988, the model forecasts 

"The rate of adult 
mortality is too high. 
They just can't recover." 

- ............ 
Marine Biologist 

that fewer than 50 will nest by the 
year 2004, a number "that means 
the turtles will be effectively wiped 
out in the Pacific Ocean. 

I..eatherbacks. which can weigh 
800 pounds or more, return to the 
same beaches to lay their eggs on 
average every three years. At Playa 
Grande, the scientists tagged 

females to determine whether and 
with what frequency they 
returned . 

The scientists found that not 
only were the overall number of 
nesting turtles declining sharply, 
but also that the number of return-
ing females fell far below what was 
expected. 

The only explanation, the 
researchers said, is that the turtl~s 
are dying during the years they 
migrate throughout the ocean. 

What is needed, Reina said, are 
several modifications of commer-
cial fishing practices. Exclusion 
zones, where fishin~ would be 
banned at certain umes of the 
year, could be established in 
known turtle migration corridors, 
he said. A limit to the length of 
time long lines are in the water 
would mean that the tunles that 
are caught would be less likely to 
drown. 

- Henry Fountain 
The NfW York Times 

THINKING OF MOVING OFF-CAMPUS? 
HERE'S SOME WHO DID IT ... 

"'When I thought of 
moving 0(( campus, , 
called TOBIN to help my 
family and I find a condo-
minium close to school. 
Tobin was able to help us 
find a condo that fit our 
budget. Tobin made it very 
easy for my family and I to 
invest in the right property. 
Today. , live with my best 
friends, and our property 

has appreciated in value since we bought it. 
Give Tobin a call if you and your parents are 
thinking of buying a property around UCSD. 
He will help you tool'" 

-~ RidMrd, W.a1TM College 

You can: 
• Rent the extra rooms to your friends ... 

NWe called 
TOBIN from 
Sacramento ... 
He took time to 
listen to what 
we wanted for 
our daughter ... 
He knew the 
real estate 
market around 
UCSD ... He 

selected nice properties with our daughter's safety 
in mind ... We bought a property and we are very 
pleased with his services and professionalism ... 
We highly recommend Tobin ... Give him a 
call ... He will be there for you!" 

- M.at and C.arol Ev.ans 

NHel/o, my 
name is 
Brandon Foster, 
a 2nd year 
student at 
Warren. I 
realized I 
needed to start 
hunting around 

for a place to live, so I gave TO.,N a call. In short, 
Tobin hooked me up! After I had found a place that I 
liked, he fought 0(( other bidders until the place was 
ours. Tobin helped me every step of the way. He 
came to my apartment and took the forms and 
delivered them to the appropriate places for me. So 
now I have this property, .but I won't even need it 
until next year-not a problem! Tobin found renters 
immediately. The condo will be paying for itself 
until/ am ready to move in. He is simply the best!" 

- .r.andon Foster, brfoster@ucsd.edu 

,. Use the rent money to pay for the mortgage ... 

HOME PRICES CONTINUE 
TO INCREASE ••• HAVE YOUR 

PARENTS CALL NOW. 
DON'T WASTE YOUR 

MONEY PAYING RENT! 

• You live in the condo for FREE, and ... 
• ... your parents can write off the interest on the mortgage! 

COLDweLL 
BAN~eR lJ 

ASSOCIATES 
REALTY 

9988 Hbrt Street, Ste 100, San Diego, CA 92131 
Each aftIce Is Independently owned and operated 

Here's a way to pay for housing that is also an investment! 
Call Tobin today at \l~~:-'''' 

(858)637·0609 (voicUfYil) (858)621·5279 (office) One of UCSD's 
e-mail:Finestrealtor@hotmail.com 

finest is also a 1999 
SDAR@ Realtor® of the 

Year Nominee! 



8 HlATUS The UCSD Guardian 

• 

Arts and Entertainment 

COII'lesy o( .... w 1nd).Com 
Ace amp ...... : From "Indiana}onts" 10 "Random Hearts. " Harrison Ford has played a variety of roles. 

Another Hollywood face Lift 
Current trends determine what's hot and what's not 
By DAY£YEN 
Sentor Staff Wrrter 

The tum of the millennium brings about an 
exciting and cmical point for Hollywood and the 
fu ture of the motion picture industry. At a time in 
which movies are at the peak of their popularity, 
and box office records are shattered as frequent-
ly as the Lakers' playoff hopes, there are major 
changes being made that will impact who we 
watch, what we watch and what we will talk 
about. 

The past decade gave us a sterling crop of new 
actors and actresses, the invention of the "sum-
mer blockbuster; the emergence of an alterna-
tive, independent film movement, and the great-
est enhancement in digital and computer-gener-
ated special effects. Movies have gotten bigger, 
but are they necessarily better? Many people 
complain about the dearth of good stories in 
Hollywood. There is the constant concem that 
old-fashioned story-telling and character devel-
opment have been shunned aside in favor of daz-
zling visuals and creative cinematography. It is 
important to examine this issue and others as we 
take a look forward at the players, their projects 
and popular culture in this new century. 
n..pe.y .. 

Remember when Sean Connery was James 
Bond, Clint Eastwood was Dirty Harry, AI Pacino 
was the Godfather? In more recent memory, 
Dustin Hoffman captured our hearts as Tom 
Cruise's brother in "Rain Man; while Harrison 
Ford led us on swash-buckling adventures as 
Indiana Jones. While these actors still occupy a 
substantial dominance over current films, their 
roles have evolved and in some ways declined 
(l'ord in "Random Hearts; Hoffman in "Messen-

ger."). 
Hollywood has undergone a makeover ill 

which the average age has dropped to some-
where between 25 to 30 years of age. Young IS In 
and roles are catered to young actors and actress-
es based on apperances as much as talent. 

What is crucial for directors and producers is 
to separate the actors from the pretenders. 
Leonardo DiCaprio is one name that comes to 
mind quickly when discussing rising young stars. 
DiCaprio's range of material, from "The Basket-
ball Diaries" to "The Beach" show he is more 
than just an iceberg casualty. The key to his 
future success lies in his ability to avoid being 
typecast as the tragic, romantic hero (which he 
plays well, of course). Choosing Martin Scors-
ese's "Gangs of New York" over Anakin Skywalk-
er was a step in the right direction. 

An even brighter prospect is Man Damon, 
who has been effective in virtually everything he 
has done. The talented writer of "Good Will 
Hunting" has played everythin~ from a coura-
geous soldier to a crusading lawyer and an 
inimoral sociopath. His acting abilities are vastly 
superior to best friend and the next Batman Ben 
Affleck., whose cockiness and supposed natural 
good looks will get him so far as mediocre action 
films. The mega-budgeted epic "Pearl Harbor" 
will be a stretch for him, as there will be no Bruce 
Willis to overshadow him, as in "Armageddon." 

For the women, Natalie Portman dazzled 
audiences in "The Professional; then solidified 
her status as a talented young actress in "Where 
the Heart is" - a mediocre film enhanced by her 
dynamic, confident performance. 

Gwyneth Paltrow weighs in on the opposite 

See F1LM, Page 9 

Thursday, June 1, 2000 

eo..l~ 01 Alberto \.al 
........ Wmdy Inouye and Cameron Thrash 
demonstralt the compaity of modem dance. 

A Glimpse Inside a 
Choreographer's Journal 
IIy 1WINAII-.cIH 
Senior Staff Writer 

The final audition is over: Eleven of an initial 
28 dances by student choreographers have been 
selected to appear in the " ew Works" dance 
concert tomorrow OIght and Saturday night at 
the Mandeville Auditorium. Hundreds of hours 
in the studio are now over, and their splendid 
conclusion is not to be missed . 

"New Works," directed this year by Jean Isaacs 
and Margaret Marshall, has always drawn and 
pleased large audiences. It is a rare opportunity to 
see young choreographers show their work in 
the best possible circumstances, with full techni-
cal support. In addition, the individual styles of 
the different students involved guarantee that the 
show has something for all tastes. 

This year, not just dancers but also musicians 
will be part·of the show. In addition to working 
with dancers, choreographer Megan McKenna 
brought in four musicians (also students) who 
composed music to go with her graceful dance. 

Choreographers Alison Dietterle and Amanda 
Waal, who split a choreography prize last year, 
have each gone in a different direction this year. 
Dietterle, who choreographed last year's "Search-
ing through Negative Space" to techno music, 
will be accompanied in this year's solo dance by 
her fiancee's guitar music. Wall, co-coreographer 
with Natalie Bobroff of last year's disturbing 
"Smudged." has choreographed a fun, busy 
dance to Beach Boys music this year. 

How does a dance come into being? It's dif-
ferent for every choreographer An oft-cited 
quote in the dance world states: "If I could 
explain it, I wouldn't need to make a dance about 
it." . 

For the curious, I offer not an explanation, but 
a few glimpses of what went into making of one 
of the many dances that were created this quar-
ter. 
......1nIIk 

Many people start choreographing over 
break, I am a procrastinator, and don't know 
what I'm doing yet. 
............. 

At the beginning of the quarter, I participate 
in two workshops - a total of six full days - in 
Butoh Dance, taught by Diego Pinon. Butoh is 
its own genre: Often called "Japanese Modem 
Dance; it is hard to pigeonhole. It is often, but 

See AUDmOII, Page 10 

Thursday, June 1, 2000 The UCSD Guardian HIATUS 9 

Film: 
Claire Danes and Kate Winslet 
are one-hit wonders 
C .......... "..~. 
end of the spectrum. Paltrow's acting is pure-
ly one-dimensional. (She is the helpless 
damsel in distress. the passionate lover). Her 
triumph at the Oscars for "Shakespeare in 
Love; beating Cate Blanchett in "Elizabeth; 
is one of the biggest jokes in Academy Award 
history. 

Speaking of Blanchett, with stro"t perfor-
mances in "The Talented Mr. Ripley, "Eliza-
beth" and "Oscar and Lucinda,· she has posi-
tioned herself to be the next jodie Foster. Why 
didn't she get the Clarice Starling role in 
"Hannibal· over overrated Julianne Moore? 

Claire Danes ("Romeo and Juliet; and 
Kate Winslet (that ship movie) are 1argeIy one-
hit wonders who will probably not improve 
with age. As for actors. Wes Bentley ("Ameri-
can Beauty"), Jude Law ("The Tafented Mr. 
Ripley"), Tobey Maguire ("Cider House 
Rules") and Ryan Philippe ("Cruel Inten-
tions") look to. be a solid second-tier to stars 
DiCaprio and Damon and possibly Edward 
Nortl>n. I see Bentley as the next Nicolas 
Cage, along with DiCaprio as a young Brando 
and Law reminiscent of Ralph Aennes. 
...., ..... ......., 
- Of course, we .are ignoring a sizeable fac-
tion, which are the middle-aged actors in the 
prime of their careers. For the males, it all 
begins and ends with Tom Cruise. Mr. "I smile 
so much I should do commercials for Men-
tos" gets to read and select from virtually 
every single script in Tinseltown. Why? 
Because he is Cruise, and his movies tend to 
top the $100 million mark every time. Exam-
ining his recent projects, however, shows that 
this is due man: to the blockbuster status of 
his films than any other variable such as act-
ing. "Magnolia" and "Eyes Wide Shut: fell 
flat, although for some incomprehensible re<\-
son, some cities actually sat through "Mag-
nolia" and liked it. 

l{ you are looking for real prime-time 
actors. look for three other stars with names 
starting with C. Russell Crowe should be on 
everyone's wish list after the year's best film to 
date: "Gladiator." Jim Carrey was unfairly 

ignored in "Man on the Moon; but he 
should garner acclaim this year for "Me • 
Myself and Irene" and "The Grinch Who 
Stole Christmas." Finally, I bet George 
Clooney will prove that "Three Kings" was no 
ftuke by propeUing "The Perfect Stonn" to 
box -()flice gold. 

Crowe, Carrey, and 900ney shouTd join 
A-list actors Tom Hanks, Mel Gibson and 
Kevin Spacey in Hollywood's elite. john lra-
volta and Nicolas Cage are on their way out. 
For Cage, this is attributed to his penchant for 
action films over anything dramatic (in recent 
years). For navolta, two words sum it up -
"Battlefield Eanh." 

The well for actresses is extremely dry. 
Meryl Streep, Emma Thompson, Jodie Foster 
and Susan Sarandon are all approaching the 
age threshold, which is ridiculously lower for 
actresses, than for acting. Can you ever imag-
ine a producer pairing Ben Affleck. with 
Goldie Hawn as they paired Sean Connery 
with Catherine Zeta-jones ("Entrapment")? 

Julia Roberts is the Cruise of actresses, 
although she possesses considerably more 
talent. "Noning Hill; "Runaway Bride" and 
"Erin Brockovich." cemented her statuS as the 
one actress able to command a double-digit 
salary (in millions, of course) . icole Kidman, 
Michelle Pfeiffer and Meg Ryan have shined 
in recent roles, although they have often 
played characters older than they have to be. 
Look for Pfeift'er to recapture her stardom in 
this summer's "What Lies Beneath" with Har-
rison Ford. 
tile IIrectore 

Now a quick note about directors, Steven 
Spielberg is still king of Hollywood (although 
james Cameron stole his crown for a year). 
There are a bunch of rising directors on the 
horizon. The motto for this industry seems to 
be "first time's a charm." 

Look at Sam Mendes of "American Beau-
ty." He won the Oscar for best director in his 
first feature film. Also look for David Russell, 
director of the critically acclaimed "Three 
Kings." Of course, veteran directors have 
turned out some gems recently, most notably 
Michael Mann for "The Insider," Peter Weir 
for "The 11uman Show" and Gus Van Sant 
for "Good Will Hunting." 
tile .... 

See F1LM, Page 11 

THE SAM AND ROSE STEIN INSTITUTE 
FOR RESEARCH ON AGING (SIRA) 

PRESENTS THE 

2000-2001 
STUDENT 
INVESTIGATOR 
PROGRAM 

FOR UNDERGRADUATE STUDENTS AT 
UCSD INTERESTED IN AGING RESEARCH 

Each year, six to eight payroll grants are awarded to undergraduate 
students interested in scientific research on the diseases 

associated with aging and other age-related research. This is 
an exciting opportunity that enables students interested in a 

career in research to work with a professor/mentor in 
designing and implementing a research project. 

Applkations can be obtained at the 
f' 

The Stein Clinical Research Building, 
room 146, UCSD School of Medicine 

or on the SIRA website: 
Medschool.ucsd.edulSIRA 

under ''Student Awards." 

Due Date: July 21, 2000 

FOR MORII ~'IION, PLIAH CALL (_)1344299 

.. THE CLASSICAL EYE ~ AN OPTOM~TRIC PRACTICE 1$25 OFF' 
COSTA VERDE CENTER : PRESCRIPTION 

8650 Genesee Ave. Suite #220 1 GLASSES 

(858)452-7 J 74 1 Oliver Peopltl. "Illudi. 1m, GUlli, Armlni and 
olhu Iinel 10 Ihoole 

OR 
1 6 month supply (<4 Boxes) 3 Pairs of $8" 1 REGULAR 
1 $1 J' Includes exam : Contacts ~ 1 CONTACT LENS 1 GVUOIAN After B&L reblte. 1 INCLUDES EYE EXAM GVUOIAN 1 PACKA~~~.DIAN 
1 Above offers not valid woth any other offer or certain insurance bentfllS. Expires 7130100. I ___________ ~----------~ ----

t 
~ 

Clip 
these' 

coupons! 

-----------------------. 

an 

Coegakop days! Lena danced the moon 
down and th e S UII up. The' parties, Dura! Happy 
Christmas. Happy Ntw YMr, Happy Birthday . .. all tlll~ 
Happits. We dallCet/ tire In_ The' sad ones too. SomelJOdy 
llOrll, somr/lody burird. We' danud "'tin in, we d(lllc('d 
"".", out. I, IleI~ us jorS"- Few dops "lid" ~il"r mId 
ir'$ YOI.,srk yrstt'rdny and to hell witll tOlllorrow. 



10 HlATUS 

Audition: 
Sudden inspiratUm found 
on a shuttle ride 
ContI_eel frOlll ...... 
not exclusively, extremely slow mov-
ing. It draws on both Japanese and 
Western influences, yet rejects 
Kabuki, Noh, ballet and modern 
dance. Butoh is not just about the 
body, but also about the emotions. 
ItUtlio tiIM 

I stand alone in the studio. I need 
a movement phrase with which to 
audition dancers. There are specific 
movements I want to include. so I 
must be sure the dancers can do 
them, but I don't know where to 
start. Finally I just throw my right 
ann and let it pull the rest of my 
body into movement. I stop myself 
to repeat a sequence of moves I like: 
in order to not forget it and then 
continue improvising. I work in the 
moves I had in mind where they 
come arurally. Mer a solid hour of 
work, I have about 30 seconds of 
movemmt that I am happy with. I 
feel good. 
........ , ....... 

Very few people show up to my 
audition, most of them friends. I had 
pictured choosing a lot of dancers 
from a larger group of would-bes. 
"Where is everyone?" I moan. 

"They Wert scared off by what 
you wrote on the announcement 
about speaking on stage; a dancer 
named Katie says. I feel ready to hit 
my head with a board, I'm so frus-
trated. I no longer even plan on 
using spoken text in the dance - it 
was just an idea I was kicking 
around. 

lWo of the auditioning dancers 
are close friends who are taking 
intennediate instead of advanced 
technique classes. I resolve that I will 
not choose them solely out of 
friendship. To my relief and slight 
surprise. they do the movement sat-
isfactorily. I feel a bit ashamed at 

being surprised. 
........ ,.11 ...... 

This is a nightmare. I am glad to 
have only five dancers. Most stu-
dents who dance don't do just that: 
They also act in plays, work at 
Macy's, act as TAs for classes that 
involve extended labs. field trips or 
office hours, go out of town every 
weekend. The end result is that at 
most rehearsals, at least one person 
is missing. which makes things diffi-
cult at times. 
CMreotr pllh IIIftICIIItIM 

"How's your dance coming?" 
other studen ts, who are also choreo-
graphing. ask me. 

"Slowly and unsteadily; I answer. 
I am undecided about whether or 

not to put myself in the dance. I like 
the movement and I want to dance, 
but choreographers who dance in 
their own work run into similar 
problems as directors who act in 
their own plays or movies: You can't 
see what it looks like if you're doing 
it. As choreographer, I have to watch 
rehearsals to give notes about where 
the timing was off, what was done 
well, which movements need to be 
done faster or slower or stronger or 
with more precision. As a dancer -
even dancing my own choreography 
- I would still need to rehearse and 
someone to tell me if I'm doing 
something I shouldn't 
......... 1.11111, ..... 

The students perfonn for each 
other on Blacks Beach. Aftaww, I 
tell Diego that I want to use Butoh in 
the piece I'm choreographing. I ask 
him if it would be presumptuous of 
me to ~ Butoh after having 
studied it for such a shan time. He 
replies that rqardIess of how long 
one has been doing Butch, "what 
matters is that you feel it deeply.-
This is definitely not a problem lor 
me. so I am relieved. 

I decide that I will do a Buooh 
solo while my dancers do the move-
ment I've chorwgrap,hed. 
.......... 

When I am choreographing or 

The UCSD Guardian 

brainstonning alone, I have visions 
of incredible rifts and smooth move-
ments. When I try to recreate these 
images in reality with my dancers. 
things don't always turn out the 
same way, especially with lifts. 

On the positive side. m)"dancers 
have a great work ethic. If I am busy 
with one or two people, the others 
practice on their own without me 
asking them to do so. 

The dance involves a fair 
amount of falling and shoulder 
rolls, a nasty jump-slide and one 
dizzying, level-changing spin 
sequence. They tackle all this with 
good will, even when they come to 
the next rehearsal with bruises. 
They also have a good attitude 
when I ask them to do weird things 
like stretchin~ their mouths wide 
open and sucking their tongues 
out as far as they can. Throughout 
the rehearsal process, I feel lucky to 
have such dedicated dancers. 
Claar ... et ' • 

One night, riding the shuttle 
home with one of my dancers, I 
have a brainstonn about the end of 
the dance. I tell her as we get off the 
shuttle, and stop her and my other 
friends on the sidewalk next to the 
ambulance entrance to the medical 
center to test my idea out: "Is the 
head distracting here? Katie, do 
you thinkJou could support Jenny 
this way ' she hung off your and 
Michelle's anns?" 

. Later that ni~ht, I sit on the 
edge of a canyon m Hillcrest, eating 
peppermint candy and thinking 
about the dance. For the first time, 
I realize that I can play the dance in 
my mind, as if I were watching a 
video or a movie projection. I 
repeatedly playa certain sequence, 
in which all five dancers are mov-
ing simultaneously, and realize that 
it's missing something. I visualize 
Amber holding one pose while the 
rest of the group continues; this 
seems to work. I add similar poses 
for Victoria and then Katie later on 
in the same section. 

Thursday, June 1, 2000 

cwr.." 01 A_' LIu 
....... Danar AUison INttme will be performing /J solD in Wtw Worts~ this 
wtri:end with ftlJqw ptrformm. 

I fill other holes and rework 
some transitions. making mental 
notes for myself. At home. I wony if 
I will remember all the changes that 
are only in my far-from-perfttt 
memory. I consider writing them 
down, but, exhausted, decide to 
take my chances. 

The next day at rehearsal, I 
rapid-fire the changes at my 
dancers. 

"Do you want me to go over it 
again before we run it?~ r ask. 

·No, we get it; they reply, and 
when we run it, they obviously do. 
I am amazed that they can learn it 
so much faster than it took me to 
figure it out, then I realize that it's 
nonnal that I compute slower, hav-
ing not one but six parts to think 
about. This is the most efficient 
rehearsal yet 

Even though I am doing a solo, 
it is hard for me to rehearse with 
my dancers because I always want 
to watch them to make corrections. 

Finally, I borrow a video camera to 
watch myself with them. 

I am up late doing stuff at a 
friend's house. but I am fast losing 
my ability to think straiiht and 
even hold conversation. I also keep 
falling asleep. I can think of noth-
ing but bed. As I walk home, I 
spontaneously decide to take the 
step that I've been considering and 
shave my head. Traditionally, 
Butoh dancers shave their heads 
and cover themselves entirely in 
white paint. My dance, which com-
bines Butoh and Western modem 
dance, is hardly traditional. but I 
decide that I want to go all the way 
and commit to the fonn in order to 
better commit to my dance. I stay 
up the rest of the ni~ht cutting and 
then shaving my hair off. 

---. Running late after baring my 
skull, I miss the shuttle and hitch-

S« AUDIIIOII Page 11 

How to make the Teachet Education Program 
(TEP) part of your UCSD experience ••• 

- It's as easy as 1, 2, JIll 

CeHing Started: Learning More: Cetting Serious: 
Take a Service Learning Class Pursue a TEP Minor Gat Your Elementary 

Earn units while contributing Students in an~ major can pursue Teaching Credential 
to the community aT P minor • Complete the TEP Credential Be a mentor or tutor Courses as an undergraduate Learn about the education system Receive an in-depth look at the 

• Earn a California Multiple Subject Get hands-on experience education system Credential in just one graduate year 
• TEP 130: Partners at Learning Gain hands on experience in the Mentor at an elementary school classroom or 
• TEP 134: Math and Literacy Tutors 

Help elementary school students with A TEP minor can fulfill the Gat Your Secondary math and language arts 
• TEP 136: Secondary School Tutors rc rereqUisite course requirements 'Iachlng Credential 

Tutor middle and high school or the UCSD credential programs 
students • Complete the TEP Credential 

• TEP 138: Preuss School Tutoring See a TEP advisor early to plan Prerequisite Courses as an 
Tutor middle school students at the your course of study! undergraduate 
Preuss School 

• Earn a California sinRle Subject 
Students must also sign up for TEP Walk-In adviSing Credential (English, cience, or Wednesdays' 1 :00 - 5:00 139: Practicum in Teachin_g/Learning Thursdals 9:00 - 1 :00 Math) in one graduate year working 
To enroll come to the Teacher Education in RC 519 as a paid intern. 
Program Office at ERG 517 A 

Thursday, June 1, 2000 

FlIIII: 
Latest Scoop on George . 
Lucas' next film 
CoatI ••• d"'~' 

In the mid '90s, Paramount Pic-
tures dominated the movie market. 
This studio dished out "Forrest 
Gump; uBraveheart~ and "TItanic" 
(with Fox). Miramax was also a hit 
with "Pulp Fiction; "Good Will 
Hunting. ~ "Shakespeare in Love" 
and "The Cider House Rules." 
Nowadays. the trend seems to be 
getting more than one studio ' to 
sponsor the film to cover ever-
expanding production costs. 

Still, Dreamworks in probably 
the place to be for the time being. 
Spielberg's ~ent collaboration with 
Geffen and Katzenberg has been 
responsible for "Saving Private 
Ryan: "American Beauty; "Gladia-
tor; in addition to the upcoming 
"Pay it Forward; with Kevin Spacey 
and Haley joel Osment 
.......... 

MOYie buzz has become more 
and more prominent and produc-
tion notes are discussed as widely as 
critical reviews. The trend now is 

. thit a handful of ("Cally big projects 
have grabbed everyone's attention, 
surrounded by some quleter films 
that probably stand a better chance 
of succeeding and wowing audi-
ences. 

In the upcoming films file, the 
hype is again a two-word phrase: 
"Star Wars." The search for the next 
Anakin Skywalker (recently filled 
with N'Sync look-alike Hayden 
Christenson), drew more attention 
than the search for the Democratic 
presidential nominee. Rumors swirl 
on the Internet concerning plot and 
character details for Erisode 2. This 
is understandable 0 course, but 
slightly humorous due to how bad, 
"The Phantom Menace" was. 

What is even more ridiculous 
than the hype is the fact that we will 
probably never see another "Indiana 
Jones" movie because of it. Because 
George Lucas is so intent on finish-
in$ this trilogy before starting any-
thmg else. the earliest "Indiana Jones 
4" would start filming is 2005. By 
then, Harrison Ford will be 63 and 
old enough to play Indy's father. The 
script is ready and so is Ford . How-
ever, Lucas, who created the series, is 
reluctant to let the project slip to 
anyone else. Guess we have to settle 
for a ride at Disneyland. 

The next biggest project is prob-
ably director Michael Bay's epic 
action-drama "Pearl Harbor; slated 
to open in 2001 and starring Affleck, 
Kate Beckingsale, Josh HartJett and 
Cuba Goodingjr. The idea is to cre-
ate a love story and set it amidst the 
tunnoil of World War II and the 
bombing of Pearl Harbor. This 
TItanic-fike spin would have worked 
better had the producers snagged 
their original choices for the leads -
Wes Bentley and Charlize Theron. 
Instead, expect to see a lot of explo-
sions, some lame dialogue, and 
Affleck running around saying 
"Holy shit! Holy shit! Holy ... Bat-
man!" 

Among the other widely antici-
pated projects are Spielberg's tribute 
to the late Stanley Kubrick: "A.I.", 
starring Osment, the "Forrest 
Gump"-like vehicle for Hanks' third 
Oscar "Cast Away; and the sequel 
to "Silence of the Lambs." based on 
the supposedly torrid book "Hanni-
bal" featuring Anthony Hopkins. 

If you are tired of big block-
busters, one upcoming project you 
can check out is "Thirteen Days." a 
chronicle of the Cuban Missile Cri-
sis starring Kevin Cosmer. Before 
laughing, remember, he actually 
made better-than-decent movies 
before his whole epic. apocalyptic 
phase. 

Another promising entry figures 
to be Scorsese's depiction of the 
Tammany Hall corruptions starring 
DiCaprio, Cameron Diaz and possi-
bly Liam Neeson, entitled "Gangs of 
New York." Here is an early forecast: 
This film will win the Oscar for 
2001, whereas "Gladiator" will tri-
umph this year after a stiff battlt 
With ·Cast Away.· 

AudHlon: 
Deadline draws closer for 
student cJwreographer 
CoIIIII • • d "... ~ 10 
hike to school for another friend's 
re hearsal. After my last class, I 
paint myself white and cut trian'-
gles in my dancers' leotards. I feel 
oddly confident. We run the dance 
several times, then gather in the 
hallway outside studio three. the 
audition room, for a pep talk. I 
finally tell them what the dance is 
about. We perform it before the 

The UCSD Guardian 

board of faculty, some of the pro-
duction crew and a few students 
and friends. It goes well. 

The next day, the list is up; my 
name is on it. I am euphoric. 
"_.ntnc 

"All your group sections need 
cleaning." jean tells me, meaning 
that my dancers are not always in 
sync or doing exactly the same 
thing. I realize that before the sec-
ond audition I was so excited see-
ing the movement I created being 
danced by other people that I did-
n't worry about the details. 

I remind myself that it is not 
mean but necessary to tell ~ome-

one that they're doing something 
wrong. and we set to work clean-
ing. Sometimes cri!lging, I point 
out errors in timing or movement. 
The dancers take it in stride. 
Sometimes mistakes happen 
because someone forgot or didn 't 
understand, and sometimes it's my 
fault for not being clear enough 
when I taught the movement. Week _ _ 

The deadline is fast approach-
ing, but I cannot choose a title for 
Ply dance. I think about it in class. 
waiting alone for the 9 p.m. shut-
tle. and in bed. I have lists in my 
notebook and in my head, but 

HlATUS 11 

nothing really fits. I ask jean for 
advice; she suggests looking at 
poetry, but when I do nothing 
inspires me. One afternoon I call 
Jenny, one of my dancers, from 
work to help me brainstorm, 
which is stupid since I know I have 
to come up with the title myself in 
order to be happy with it. I decide 
on one rather lengthy title, but 
soon discard it as too revealing. 
Finding balance between an overly 
explanatory title ilnd one that's tOO 
obtuse is difficult. Finally, I decide 
on a simple, one-word title: "Full." 

Every time I think of it, it feels 
a little more right, so 1 know I've 

STORAGE USA 
STUDENT SPECIAL 

~' '. --__ 1 ____ .... _-I !TJ-I&II'I -'&IID' -, lIlly 
M edical division of THE PRINCE TON REVIEW 

Summer 2000 MCAT Courses· 
Classes for the August 19, 2000, MeAT 

8'11 81mllll16111 

Dnll 58eS810ns 
ar. sU11 oP8nl 

Don't get shut 
out of 

San Diego's 
BEST 

& 

-" 

MOST POPULAR 
MeAT 

Preparation 
Program!! ! 

, 

COURSE OPTIONS 
Monday, June 19th - Friday, August 18 · 

Session Days Time Availability 
1 M-F CLOSED 9:00-11:30am Waitlist 
2 M-F CLOSED 9:00-11 :30am· Waitlist 
3 M-F 9:00-1 1 :30am Open 
4 M-F 12:00-2:30pm Open 
5 M-F 12:00-2:30pm Open 
6 M-F CLOSED 12:00-2:30pm Waitlist 
7 M-F CLOSED 4:00-6:30pm Waitlist 
8 M-F 4:00-6:30pm Open 
9 M-F CLOSED 4:00-6:30pm Waitlist 
10 M-F CLOSED 7:00-9:30pm Waitlist 
11 M-F 7:00-9:30pm Open 

Verbal Accelerator 
July 2 or 6 - August 6 or 10 

1 Sundays 4:00-6:30pm Open 
2 Thursdays 7:00-9:30pm Open 

800-MD-BOUND www.review.com 800-MD-BOUND 



12 CLASSIFIEDS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
AITENTIONFIlMMAKERS. Wencunwnllyllking 
submissions lor sludent IIIma. 
GuerriIaF*'-Icers.com. 0nIinI 0igitIi VidIoI willi 
Altitude. M TIIenI. No Budget. (411~ 
C.,.., SeM:ee CenIer. FridllyJl.rle2. 2:30pm. Law 
School: Prepwllion IIId AppIicaIion. te.n Ibout 
undefgradulle prepwlllion. chooIing schools. the 
appIicIIion pmc88Il11d adrriniIIIrllion criIeria lrom 
law school. For more Into CIIII 534-4939 (&'1) 
Go 188 the spIendd lIIudIInI-choreogntplled "New 
WO/Ib' dna concen It MIIlcIIvII AudIorium 11111 
Fri. 1nd Sll.1 Only S61or ........ (&'1) 
NEXT MONDA V'S (June 5) GUAIIDIAN WEEKI. V 
CALEHDAA will be our Iaat lor the r-t Deadline 
is this TOOrsday. 3 pm lor aubmiuiona. (6'1) 

EMPLOYMENT 

The UCSD Guardian 

CLASSIFIEDS 
The UCSD Gua"*-n r_IV" the right to clalJlify. edtt. delete ofIeMi¥e -a • ...cI 
phr_s. endIor ,.fuu any ...cIa. adIIertisemenla wlIhou1 prior noIiIIcation. The Advertiser 
wli noI hold the Gua~n liable for any ctalms relUning from the publication 01 the 
advertise..-I. The publlaher wIU .tao noI be held 8CCXIUf1tab1e for .ny clelm trom .n 
agr .. ment made be'-n lhe ~rllMr and the consumer. 
Copy should be reviewed by the adv.r1IMr for .rrors. In ordtr to be oonacted In the ..xl 
revulllr __ •• M errors I11UIII be repor18d by the ooneeponcling deadline. Credit wII only 
beglvtn for the Inoonec\ portion 01 tilt Idvtrtiaement. TheN ana no reIunda for cancetIa~. 
....... aend all ~ rwprdlng Claaltleda 10: 
ucao GuantIan. Aan: C ..... fleda.1IOO 0IhMn DrIft 1031 •• ~ Jolla, CA 12Ot3. 
Actual '-'Ion: Student Center A. "- 217. 

PERl ~? JAVA dMIaprnwiI? We r-s ~ II. 
SnwI reelaJrw. La.lola Shena. j)1 IUO · $1.501 SI5-$»1w. l'1li tina\II .... poeiIIona ....... 
hr. CashieB, counter MIp. Stat now or Iller..... ~ onIne .. _.z57.com (Sf.IO.MI) 

Iuiblehoull,leIwe~. KMo858.273.8II23(&' 
30-6'8) 
WEB DESIGNERS. SIn Diego's I .... growing 
WIb ~ firm ...... ~ rnotiY-.cI web 
designers. ~ AaIh, HTML. .... ~ 

~ a plus. ~ IUITrnIr job. '" lime IIId 
jlIrIlime ...... HVI""'VY. ~CIMM 
environment. SI2·S17/hr. Apply online It 
_.z57.com (r.'3().6'8) 
On ~ arnrr.jobt SWminaiuclorl-*dto 
'-" II lei., aIIitiea 01 .......... You muat 
'-CPR. irIt 1id. IlldWSl or~~ 
houri. Up 10 ~ ..... 19.0IMI0ur. CII 
tIM.534.S24e d r..ed (:t'»M) 

Study AbnNId· TeKh Worldwide 
• 4-week TEfl Certif,u!e Coones; ye.r. 

round intematioNlly recognized 
• immediate job guarantee in Easlern 

Europe 
• lifetime job usisunce WOfldwide 
• practical training with foreign students 

• graduated Oller 1 000 teachers 

I in fo.itc.t,ainin, . com www.i tc. t.ainin • . com "'-915-5540 

......... San DIego baled comedy ...... 
EXTRAS. acIorI, crww. AI ...... SomIpaaiIiona 
piid. Filming ~. SIIId ....... ....,... 10: 

PoI1GII~P.O. Il0l22527 San Diego. CA 
12112 aocrIIic:mdellll.com~l) 
Tulor ..., lor Adobe PhoIoehop 5.5 ~ I 
pIua. lIS par haur. 2503 ArdIIII ReI. __ 0830 

~(Q6III 
DoYGU .. IoocI'Iw....tunjob ....... YGUcan ..... 
n. triandI IIId _ 0CJrI'CIIIiM ... ? UCSD 
0Iring snc. II Ioofdng tor ... to -'! In 
__ II _ ~. We oller ttexibte 
~ ..., I tp.a.I ..... bonuI progrwn. 
You CIn worfI 1~ houri par ..... For men 
information call 851.534.7853 or vilil http:// 

hda.ucad.~ (51)>6'1) 

Classified Line 
Ad Rates 

......... : 11 ,.,10 __ 
FIOIIIly 1 II1II: .. ,., 10 __ 

AI-.r.: .,., 10 __ 
AdvwIce~rmenc II ~ 

ClassHIed Display 
Ad Rates 

".00 per column Inch 
~: 

.......... _ DiIpIIp_ LIM_ 

VaIeIiIwy Receptiaolill- SwI8II CIih ArimaI 
HaIpiIII In ~ lINch. PTtf'T. CII lor InIo 
11 • .224.Gn3 (5I2WI5) 

_~WedDjIIb"""'loI 
II...., ....... apriIga~: MIItIaIIng. SIIaa. 
BuIi,...I. Interntl. Enei~. CotItlCl 
_ ellproonlN._ or ell ... 21133 

-.~(~ 
CHdcarepnMdlrnaedldlorCNc:Nd.1MF 12:00 
• 1:00pm. Stat .... !lilt 858.48II.oe17 La JaIl 
Shena (5I2M'I) 
s.. NT£RNET CGIagI GrItIL F. gIIIIIing WID 
daaignlrmaaaloilg 25"~"*Y""""""" 
CaIUIIntI. .... OfIIIIr 115OCWmo .......... 
$2500·$40001lI0II111 poAibIt an., IrainirIQ 
11511\23 55" or lIIPYom_.zs7 cam (5122-618) COMPUTER SCIENCE MAJORS. SIn Diego'a 

laslnt grOWIng web development Itrm .... 
innovllNe. aspnng aoItware .. .,... 10 _lin 
RlD prof8Ct Enjoy wortdng WIth UNIX? HIctung our 

~ lor 0IpW: \HIQIIIbIe. INII. herb IIId Grall aummer intelMhipa e A.O. Edwarda 
A.5.ltc:IIn NaIll is currIItIIy !wing note-lIkerIlIId 
office .... fro tal quIIIer 2000. SI!.25 • SI!.17"". 

Enrique Iglesias 
Man Incubus 

Beck 
N.'N.A. 

"'- farm In OIl .... IIId CIrtIbad. LootUng lor IInltoerIgI Form (la.del. ClIatIrIdng '-nIIO IIId 
cn.tul. energetic people ~ 01 hard but JOb ......... SIaIay IIId ....... CII KM1 e 

Thursday. June 1. 2000 

1.800.1!I.1M _..., 

CurIIfII IIId Sur!-. paIiIionI 1diIIIIII. Hiring 
T MCIIera. AidM. o.y CIIIIP & $poI1a Cemp 
CoINIIaIa. PIIIiIIanI MIIIIIII unlllIed. ....... 
pol. .JuM.SIpl ConIIcI SuzImt VII (310) 325-
5885. (5111-&'1) 
T 8lChelllAII»-pIIKIIOOIlUllallUeMNice. FtiII 
l'1li .... AI ____ 2144. 11.50109.50 hr. 

~11"") 
MricII All Hillary SIudIntI: pllllimehllpnaedld 
klr IoceI art gallery. Us;ot alice -'! 16-20 IvI. 18 Iv. 
irMmaIlIiIa hIIpU. &458-1180. (5111-6'8) 
St500 WIlIly paIInIIII nwIIng lor our c:iI:UR. No 
EJopariIra IWquiMd. Ftwe .............. CII 
202-452·5140. (1111-6'1) 

Here We 
Grow Again! 

We neeclfrlendly. pIOf_lanal 
copy conaullanla for 

_",production in our 24·!Iour 
copy center. FT & PT. day. 
evenlngl •. graveyard lhiftl. 

GrM! WOfk environment. llexlble 
!Ioura. growth potential. 
HIring on the apotl 

-~ 
Costa Verde Center 

8650 Genessee Ave .• Suite 200. 
'858-_57-9500 

INTERNET JOBS FOR AlL MAJORS: 
Aroundcampu • . com i, looking lor .'udent 

~ ... tnngc:ormualiCn ..... to 
hllptuldl ourn.peIICIIIIad. om c:cnmnty 
for your ~. Wort< oIrectIy ... ~ & 
ItudantI to IlI\lIII* fill ...... _ oIfIIIlnIarnet. 
AuibIt ~ far FlllIId ........ FulIrIirwIg 
pruoIdad. F .. _ to 110140.1520 '*' HR 

Dnctat)OIl1J11f'1crina"_~wm 
joba (W).eI8) 
PIT ~ (lppuItuIiIy: On CII peIitIon 
....... lor ... 10 COIIII no our SonwIIO V_ office to ICIft _ uaIng PC .... and 
tdIIlng In IISWonI. S35 par bItIcII 01 5 .... 51 • 
IddiIionItI (up 10 I2Mw). EacIICN ............ 20 
....... CII SIacey or GiaIIe II 8550l-0lI00. (51 
&6'1) 
SU"":R WORK· IHTERNET. w... aIIparienca In 
.. w.M tnClJIIry? Z57eom, San DIego'a '-

~ Wlbdllqllom, iahtmglntemaleor.uttrilS 
lor our amner -'! progrwn. lIMe pay pfua 

~.eon.-lrIirWlgpnMdad.ooIagtcrd 
poIIibIe. C-~ lor grwla. SurmIIr 
wortc lor ~ ~ IIId prugrIIIITIII'a 
IIao ..wad. For mote Into IIId to IIJIIf'I online IIIIit 
_ .ZS7.com. (5fl2-818) 
FultlPllII· ...... and __ joba lor pr8KIIoot 
-.:herII .... Grell c.ntar I88kIIng paape who 
care about ~858-794-9130. ao..tlc:.npll. 
(5fl2-6'8) 
Workonc..-I inIIrnIIIicJnIjc.ntarMlklatudlnt 
10 help .-, ..., IIId PNPR food lor ...tcty 
...,.,. CII8 on Fnc.,.. 11am-3pm. CII CII8 
CoordnIIor II 858-~. (5rl2-6'8) 
SurmIIr Wolle On c..-t "-Iorm "''''P. cleM-

up,1IId~0I1raImIIionIIc.ntar~ 
--. .., gIneIII "itIi ... __ I'oaibIty 01 
.... ~ ..... ecadamIc v-ar. CII Faity 
CoordnIIor II~. (!W2-6'8) 

Thursday. June 1. 2000 

work pIII-tirne IIId ..... II~ hilling 
fun. IIMtIIt IlIA ",., ...... FtntIIe Owned 
____ CII StNrity .. 7111-72N118. (5122-818) 
~ DELJ. UTe ........ I'III-4iItI 
IIId '" lime ... work around your ~ $8.50 
• S7.OO1v. 4150 ... P1rtL Ro. 1122·111 • . (51 
30-6'1) 
GNalIewnino8llplliencelV ............ ...-..nJ 
IIIrifizIIion I8cII ..... FIIIIIIIIe houri. B CIjon. 
FIX I page ..... to Dr. enan SuMi : (119)444· 
5197 (nocowr '-) (5l3lWl) 
Wonw\ ". UCSD needa GMt iIInIdIMIy lor 
enIIIda IIId lie. ,.... coriacI ShIIy .. 858-458-
5934. (r.'3().6'8) 
SU"":R PAINlNl POSITIONS: UCSO Houatng 
MaintenM:e1lhiring .... painlarlfor ........ 
10 ""!I with PI'P-. painting ..., ~ ,...,... 
BegIn &'I!IIOO. Mon-Fri. 7:30n-4:00pm sa.OIMlouf. 

'PIck up appIiaI60n from CyndI II 92241. Aegna 
Road, aIIId _ to~ucadedu. 0I111PY 
~ JabtrIII.IOl !lll3247 (5I3O.eI8) 
file YGUIodcing far_OI""'~? 
ClP II CUIYdy IeIfdng IIcIed conatrudion ndtII 
peopta IIId hIIpft eon., ... ..., benIfiIs. Cal 
858-87....., (!!J3G.6'B) 
Part-time SurmIIr Job: ReIiIbIa atudn willi car to 
'-" 2 14yr otda '-con'4JUIing r/JiItII p.y aporta. 
WeaIodIy ~ SIWQrV Fred 858.452.2872. 
(sr.JG.6'1 ) 

~UTCisIoollingIOljllrl-tirna---.: 
Frame aIytiaI. lab T acIvticiIn. ..., OpIomIInc 
......... paaiIiona MiIIbIe. CII ""'" Davod 858-
1122·2170(111-6'8) 

. Ca!dft friy neada Ilea choIO::aIv. han-" 
hIIp. occ:.onat errIIIda: or I9tI houIekaepo1g. 20 
hr/week. fltjerancea ttqLifed. Voice rNiI (780) 753-
33Q8 (&,loM) 
SUrm.C8I1IfOIJIIRoIqIno.DayClrr4l-..... 
CUdooII c:NIdrwI', C8I1I in Sf &II Bay. Hiring hi 
....on: Group Counatfora; In.tructora: 
horIebacIuidal WllertrorW .,;,m tpOI1S/ _II' 
roc:ioc*ID'''.bIoaJRft'EJpar. ~_3796. ErNiI 
Iobae~cam (&'1-6'8) 
PERFECT SUMMERJ08S.IOrNrdaaI!lJmUCSD. 
IrmIadIIIIy .... parl-Iime R4IIItiI CIaIb avaiIIbIe 
10 -'! IIInIIqI s.pt 11th. Good c:uIIomer _ 
... • aornI CCIII'CJUIIr eJperiance hatptul ..., 

~ SIlI!IPing Clerk· aornI '-Y IfIing 
,.... c.. poIaiIJIy-'!lIWICIlCIIooIlChaCUe. 
,..... CIIII...,..e 858-536-0022 (111-6'8) 
1IabyaitIer/ lIothaI'a Helper. s.tUno crealtve. 
1IW\IIIiC1lld1tMng ....... willlpwouacililctlrl 
....... to en lor 2 ya. old twin girta In my 
1IcoN. PIT; ...... houri IIId deya. RIIerwncea 
,..... per hour. on-. (1158)278-7789 (6'1) 
Sun.-nanny r-*lforachool-lIQIdgirta (8to 14) 
in UC ...... 30 ~O. HourII ........ 
... car ........ a517.a:11 (II3NII) 
e",., 01 MItIII ~1Ior 101 '" Grade .,.,.1Wice a 
.... $t~ par haur. FluilllnctIeGlleCllll453-55116 
01 _ _ to 517'-. (&'1-8) 

ROOMMATES 
LooIIiIg 101 ruortIItIII In 2btaIII. TIInI s..ta 
ApM. -"'I'IMII pIIIdng. .... 1uIdry. 
pod,gwm.laIIiacourIL. CII~HIu_51I. 712. 
(&'l5.eI8) 
Rooma lor II-. 3 batIroorIs in 5 bIdrOCIII lira 
..... houaI MtIIIIIe lor ... bagIIN1g .... III 
1IIruIqI ... 1IiddIt 01 SIpIarrber. $32OtmanIIl CII • 
Dan or Caey .. (151) I3l-0l41 or email .. 
~eUCld.eduorkzeucad.edu. (111) 
,..... RtIaIItIIIIIII ..... LAoIOUA DEL SOl 
1500. 0-_"'''_'_''''''' Dr,.-CeI 
517 ... (111-6'8) 

FOR RENT 
........ BR.II1IChId ......... lorwrmttlywt 
. _lingle. S344 dcdIIe. IM'. CItIa o/Iay. l.ocIIed 
on RegInII.II5I.877.CM12 (5130) 
........ bIdrOCIIIlor .... in La .lola. Pool. jacuzzi. 
tenniI OOUIII, gngI parIdng. pnvaIe bIIh. vlult8d 
caIIngL Own _ tor __ S3I5 • 113 ~. 
AA-- Srrina.IIomUCSO. FerNIta oriIy. CII Polly 
858.311" (51)>6'5) 
LA oIOUA ~ Il00II11 1CJIIInhcge_ 
IN UCSO 1IId ......... ~ priwiIIgII . ..... 

~orpoat.4ac~ 1625.1158.41ill.81135 
........... (5f36'I) 
Cclncb-LaJolll, ~ llrM.lMVI. ~ 3tw' 
r. 2 bIIII. ....... ell In k*:IwI. n. hardwood 
1Ioora. vinyl. pM'II. WIIotoUCSO. CIoMIIIOCM1JUl. 
Hal to Reaidne Inn. 2 c. QIIIOI. pool. jIIcum. 
WIIhar IIId dryer. SIIiIabII klr 4 10 5 1Iudwlta. 
Incfudea nitIit twice. month. Available now. S t 750( 
mo Tat 851.794.1833 (!W2-6'I) 
Wntd: fIooIImIIe 10 ...... mllter bacIrooIW 
bahoam4llDhouaI".~_beIch 
S375MIDnII. S37Iidapoait. AllIiIIIJIe ........ CII 
s... ___ 2781. (51111-6'1) 
Single _ In 3IItV2IIfI Condo. 1.5 miIaa loom 
UCSO. IMIIIbIe ~ III. S550 par monfllndudng 
uIIIIIea. CII GaIy (158) ~I. (511 $-5130) 
Rant your houaInglol ... 20CJ0.2001 School Y • . 2· 
,.. or 5 IIadroam '- or condoI. ... \JTCI 
UCSO For Into cIII (158) 5~7. (&'1-818) 
RoomIIoI II-. 3 batIroorIs in 5 bIdrOCIII lira 
..... houaI ....... lor ... beginning June III 
1hraIqI ... 1IiddIt 01 SIpIarrber. $32Q\nonII\. CII 
Dan or CMey .. (858) 638-094 1 or email .. 
dgfardeuced.edu or taeuced.adu. ("'1) 
Lootoing 101 • pial» to live? _ .houaongIOI • 
... VOUI move all -..uaI 5tM:h lor IIpar1rnnI. 
Free ~ __ 1iIIInga. (2124-6'8) 
S38O. Room for Rant. EnconiIII Country HomI. F.-.0nIr. liD ........ 1000 .. 11, .... __ 
--......, . ......... (S/22-6'1) 
I'IdIc IIIadt + ItIoaaion BeacII ~ IIId 
....-+hOI.-upto 7badrooma. ~ 
S5OOmIo incIudIa utititiea. cable • phone. 858-274-
4017. (5122-6'8) 

The UCSD Guardian 

............... $C5C)moafngltllld$C5C)molNilllr 
In ~1.5bIh condo willi __ /dryer. EIIICIaI& 
......... .u. rrid S.pl. 858-45l1-8li41 (5130) 
lUmw __ (7/1·1W13). Praltrflrea lamalal3l!l 
2.5becondo. WID.FP. vauledceilino. near bus slOp. 
Vane. UCSO' S 145OImonth. CII MIfy liM II5U25-
fIoI88 (!!J3G.6'B) 
SoIIona IIIadt condo. ooeanfJOnt COfI1IIex. 2Br. den. 
2.5 Ba..19tI andalry2 poota. tennilcourta. Mid s.pt. 
rrid ..... 11700 Cindy (714) l8O-3It6 (714) 879-
7200. (611-6'8) 
SiIrnnw ..... $3IWrnonfI doImte ot'baII. Wllltlerl 
dryw and 1aciIitiIa. 114 utiIiIiIa. RagarD'EXICUIive Dr 
Mel .u. and Aug. SIpne 858-658-11475 (&'1-&'5) 

FOR SALE 
&Jnk Bed $99. Fullize _ 1181 $109. still in 
plastic. unuMCI. t2 yr. _tv. Fr1m8 lI\IatIabIe 
$19. c.. dIfiver. CII ~ 619.3702893 (5122· 
fA) 
TREK McMIaon Boke $199. FOIdouI Sofa $75. Futon 
and matching Table $125. Microwave $40. 
SnowboenII...t>tndings: Burton $ 1 00. Lb Tach $200; 
Clllaa 858-2n.8829. (5122·&'1) 
1 ... Voho 242Dl oriIy 113K miIaa. $3.000 080. 
ete.l. 11ft QOOd.CIIII Amanda 58H997. (!W2.u.i) 
CHEAl' FUlNTUREI CorrIy 101M. large daIk. 
dining table, '-'oa booI<cMe. and mora! Coma check 

~ out! (858) 58$-e902 (8iloM) 
2 REItIOOELfD VIEW CONDOS. wN> AND SEA 
IVCH.LAJOU.ANClSAlLBAV.PN::FICBEJCH. 
TWO BEDROOMS TWO BATH $269.000 EACH .• 
856-483-5542 (811-6'8) 
1 rr TV wi remote. htoIn bed. rncrOWlYt. phone (858) 
550-0240 (&'1) 

VV ANT E D 
EGG DONOR, IZ5,- (PIua . .... ~ Lovong. 
educated ooupta ...... egg donor. age 18·32. 
CaaIion, 5'3' 10 5'9'. M,1INIIhty iIt 1Iyte. ct..fIA 

~ .. SAra (1300+). ~ contIC1 our 
lapt __ welor men onIormation. ConfidIInIIIIit 
reapected. Email Dlrlene: 
Darlaneeaunogacytn.naI, or IIX 1-619-443-0836 
The t.. 0fIice cI Thonw PinMrton. 1-8CJO.284-
8828. ~1""'). 
SUCCESS TuIoIIng SeMces. tu1dredI 01 IiAOrs 
cane to YGU ... horne or 1CtIooI. All SUBJECTS II 
MY L£VEL,~pncing. diacountpeckagel 
........ (618) 51·TUTOR 01 (619) 51U1l67. 01 
onNne It www._tutoring.com. WE ARE 
HIRING. (4'10-e18) 

V~ paid $30.00 tor interview. I YGU are 01 

riwfya.-, ........ or KQr.., dtIecent.1Q8 
21·25. c.11562-81585 • 2182. (~) 

Special Women Needed 
Egg LOOors are Special W>men 

who want to help infertile 
couples achieve thier 

dreams of having a child. 
If you feel that you are that 
special kind of woman. and 

are between the ages of 
19·30 years old and healthy. 

please call: 
CREATIVE CONCEPTIONS, INC. 

1-888-411-EGGS 
Compensation Is given for your 

time and efforts: $3650.00 
e·mall CreatlveConceplron.net 
web site: CC,ncEggs ' aol.com 

eauc.Ian American IMMIth aubteds reombursed 
for interview. I you are I UCSD 1IUdent. 21 ·25. call 
552-6515112182. (4'10-&'8) 
Jewish Arneric:.'I RMMrdI ao.tljecIs reimbursed lor 
1ntIrview •• you n a UCSD student. 21 ·25. cal 552· 
8585 ... 185 klr men Informalton. (411()'6I8~ 
Eyebh Study. $140. ti8aftIIV mIIaI~: t8-35. 
r9It-hlllded.druglree.nopaydQlrichtelory SIudes 
on .... F. 9-5 oriIy. UCSDMC. HtIcreat. 543-2314. (51 
9-6'8) 

"The mosllun you can ever 
have in Traffic Schoo .. " 
Classes weekty In La Jotla 

and San Diego. 
(800,775-LAFF 

SERVICES 

CLASSIFIEDS 13 

needs what you do well-the GUlldlln 
CtaIaiieda ... 1IId men ipICificaIy. IN SERVICES 
aection. UCSO reeda" GI.wcIian CIaoaiIieda. (&'1 · 
618) 

Jl WOMEN'S RESOURCE C OMMIlTEE 
San 'l) ' ' On·.,Cine CW~nm 

:Ra.1IC£ Guide f~ pregnant IWII£ll 
unJ Illmlen lUiIh 5lTUl1l children 
www.wrg.org 

for llUIlen, /Jy 1IlOfIJen 
Referrals for: 

· Medical Care <Ho using 
• Financial & Legal Assistance 
• Material eeds · Child Care 

· Pregnancy Education 
· Support Gro ups 

619-516-3266 
H[LI''''C Wow.", H.LI TH[W5ELV[S 

PERSONALS 
rruir visual arts 1NIjor ...... _10 sit WIth during 
grsduaIion ceremony &'1 MlO. roost sh.,e " m way 
SICk Of ecnoor atti1ucItt lOCI be super elDl8d Ibout 
the Mure. pr.estabIished lnendshtp6 pratemld 
meda trIlIh- a plus. aIota ... fllting faall so 
email yvette. vetOucsd.adu. (!W2-&'8) 
Congratulations 10 Alldlncers Ind choreograpl1ers 
whO WOf1c8d this quatterI (&'1) 
gnHirI- why don' you _CIIII me or email me to say 
goofy things 10 me 1Ilym0!8? 
TllIIlh and MtdleIe. W. are gradulling and I can' 
beIoeve ~ because I know that mellllwe will hive to 
go our S8PIIat8 ways. You have been the greatest 
lrienda In the wor1dl llove you QIIs always. -Cindy (61 
1) 
Chn&ty o.(deM)· i .... you the other day .wattong II 
coOf-ltke. strutltn' IN CII\t; gII\In' your groove on, 
Ind spitton' soma game. 
Fnenda 01 the GuarcUl Comer: a happy borthday 
loday 10 Jolene Aguilar lrom the staHl (&'1) 

~.boy htgltower- YGU made quite the beautdul 
bride 1III ..... enct; CIn' walt til YGUr shower. 
LIlt GuaIdIIl SpeciIf Issue of the Vear- The 
GrNraIoon Issue. Thulldly .... tlIhl Catllodly to 
_ ad apace. (158)534-34M. (&,1) 

Do you want to eat this stuff 
for the rest of your life? 

Ramen ortInIII __ 

K\I~I SII~\l"S BI{I\\lln & RISI\l·R.\\I. L\.JOll.\ 

LATE NIGHT HAPPY HOUR 
in La Jolla from 10:00 p.m. to Midnight 
IVery Wed • ...., nlgld featuring 
$1 BEERS! 

-............... . 
III! sa...., & ........ 111111 1044 .. sn.e·1I 1111 (lSi) 551.. ______ _ 

GET REALI 
Post your resume online and have employers look for you . 
PLUSI 
You can search thousands of jobs, research companies. 
get career advice. and have a chance to win a Digital Camera. 

ACT NOWI 
• Go to www.SignOnSanDiego.com 
• Click on Marketplace 
e Click on Jobs 
e Post your resume 



14 SPORTS 

5 X 7· $26 permo. 
5 X 8· $28 permo. 

With student 1. 0 . $5.00 Adm. fee 
Includes FREE lock. 
lift to upstairs units 

Other sizes available 

Partlclpon .. 
who 
.ucceufully 
complete th/. 
pro,rom may 
qualify for 
ovallab/e 
polltlon. 
obroad. 

Are you graduating 
and wanting to 

Ir 1\ t I tilt' \\orhJl 

. ~t't pr.HIIl.IIIt.ulllll\.!t'IHrltllll' 

Enroll in an intensive 
certificate program. 

Tea hing Engli ha T E F L 
a Foreign language 

July 3 - 28, 2000 

For ",on Inform.Hlon p., f' (1.909) 787 4)46 
Inh,,.n.ltlonal Educ.ltlOn f I> (I 909) 787 S796 
p,.0cr.ln1\ ' '~(" P I IH. lIe f • ti" 

~ www lJCRExt, P\IOII III t I, P 

The UCSD Guardian 

Salute: 
Leadership and speed will 
sorery be missed 
CoIItIMecli frOlll ..... 18 

always get you going." 
Yule was another Triton runner 

who gave it her all on and off the 
track. She would do her utmost to 
improve herself on the track. 

"She practiced extremely hard 
to perform up to her potential, 
doing the little extra things to get 
the most out of her talents: van 
Arsadale said, "and her hard work 
showed in her improvement." 

Wikander was another leader 
who will not be forgotten soon. She 
was a team-oriented performer 
who was always willing to literally 
go the extra mile. 

"She was tremendo!-,sly hard-
working at practice and was very 
supportive of her teammates," van 
Arsdale said. 

The Tritons will miss each of 
these runners when they hit the 
track next fall. These athletes will 
not be forgotten, and the effort 
they have expended in support of 
UCSD cross country will always be 
appreciated. 

.... : Leadmhip and teamwork are 
what made Margarete Wikander speriaL 

...... Amy Hawltins toolt first at 
the Western RegionaJs hlr final year. 

--....e Kristi O'Grady is a home 
town girl doing well 

Hoftor. Amy Yule worIced hard to 
improve herself perjOT7Tl(l1l(.t on the track. 

Thursday, June 1, 2000 

aClDd ..,.: Excellent work habits made 
Amy Olin a stand-uut Triton. 

F8It: Linda Monroe left swimming to 
join the cross country team. 

Photos courtesy of 0( UCSO Athlet,cs 
~ Comardery is one thing 
that Lam Tamo will remembtr. 

Work. faster. Play sooner. 

If all that's standing between you and summer is a term pap~r or 
two, there's a way to get through it all sooner, Use the Academic 
Search Engine to research your end-of-the-year projects. 
The Academic Search Engine was developed by Student 
Advantage, Inc. and Northern Light to provide you with a 
comprehensive research resource. Select your subject, type in the 
topics you need to research and press search. You get Web results 
that are appropriate to your field of study, plus access to Northern 
Light's Special Collection ™ of articles from over 6,400 publications 
and research reports. All prioritized, categorized, and organized 
into neat little folders so you get the information you need, finish 
your papers, and start the really important stuff - sooner . 

.' 

http://research.studentadvantage.com 

~~ 
NorthernLight.com 

juot ...... ,..... ......... archinl for. 

Thursday, June 1,2000 

.!f ••• m ..... 
$O'ts ElUor 

" 

The school Year is wiodinS 
down. and the sun is seuing on 
many aspectS of the 1999·2000 
athlcitic seasotl. This holdS aut 
for UCSD dub spans as welL 

This year of dub sport action 
was very ~1. Hl&hllp 
include a Pacific CoUeaaate 
Hockey A.$$oc;iarlOn clump," 
oNhlp for 1ht ict hockey tam 
and a Western Women's Lacro$st 
League Championthip for tbe 
women's lacra.se squad. 

Building on last year's thltd· 
place finisli. this year's ice hockey 
sqUId looked unbeatable, finisb-
ina 17·2-1 . UCSD was led by Erik 
BOrman, Geren Gervey, Cra. 
Brown, Nob)' ltakura, I..awrmcC 
Cbln. Nick Wegner, Keith and 
Chrif DIVis and Scott Friedman. 

Keith Davis was rwned the 
pIayoIJ MVP anti Friedman was the 

. goaIUqler that krpt opponents at 
bay. The future looks briRht with 
the Davis brothers and Friedman 
muming for ntxt smon. 

En route to winning the 
WWLLC championship, the 
women'. lacrosse team breezed 
ttuouah the rquIar ~n. Chris 
Moll, Amber "MarceJUn, Rachel 
Woddcod. Jm Mosley and Kate 
Pabst tamed togetbtr to lead the 
squad to • magical season. 

The bIIlroOm dance tam also 
did well Wlder new Head CoacM 
Peter and Amy Edwards. Tbc high-
light of the year w. a win by the 
bmation d.llf;e team at the Day 
by the Sbort$ Qampionsbip5. 

Duos of PaDf Haritacos and 

, 

........ 

. l : . I 

KdIy Han. ·· and jobn StillwttgM 
widi .Pam Thomas dominatccf in danCes such as the mambo, latin,-
cha-cha and the samba. The show 
tnm tho did well ~ year with a 
dilrd1Jlace firu.k · at fbI! San 
FranciSc» Open. 

Finishing up with a combined 
distance of over 5,000 miles, the 
lICSD ~ t~ had a lon, 
yar that culminated in a fifth· 
p\acf flplth. at thf! Cal Poly San. 
Luk~ Qualifying Race and 
• trip to aemals. 

Tht: A. tam was atIde of Pete 
Knudsen, Mike ~i, Dirk 
van UkIen and Man. Chaisson. 
The strooa performance of the A 
wam. aIona with some fantastic 
indivicloal , rides by Kevin 
Scbumac:her. Ja;son G~ 
BS1Cr Mati and Megan 
Anderson. hdptd lad UCSD to a 

ninth·~ raltkina in the nation. 
The UCSD dan« two had a 

short and difficult season. The 
group only had two comptritions. 
• nf!W c;oach, no sponsor and no 

~. Despite all this. 
when tfte Cam did take the Roor, 
It caupttgerY0ne's attention. 

At tilt Unitm Spirit AsIociation 
Dance Na!ionaIs in Las Vegas. 
Nev. lDD placed founh in the 
pomldlna: category. At the 
Na donal CoJJegia1e Competition ~ Badi, PIa., UCSD took 
ddrd ~ 10 end d1£)Uf. 

1'he equestrian !ram also had 
tome trOUbles. In the middle of 
the ~ the team had to fine! a 
new host farm. ~ the dance 
ttaal. the members wm able to 
ovetcomr their obstada and fin-
ish the year strong. Lcd by riders 

T he UCSD Guardian 

Annelicse Kannow. Jill Priao, 
DeYon l'uanctti. Maya Frank and 
Rachel white. UCSO galloped to 
nationals and brought home a 
second-plac:e finish. 

~ men's Iacrcme lam had a 
~n to ~ coughln, .uP a 
goose egg in the victory column. 
Despite its sfrong preseason 
efforts. which includ«l a 13-11 
win om Utah Sw.c. the squad 
could not sa anything going, 
Wi\h MUtt Hunter, Ben Hully. 
Mat La Fiandra, Ben Bristow, 
Dave Butler and Chris 
Wubington leading the way. 
UCSD fOJt all but one game this 
year b, only a single goal 

The men's rugby team had a 
number of things to point to dur-
ing its S-:$ season. UCSD finished 
seCond at the ChaJrwame Classic 
aDd third in the Veteran's Day 
Unicom'lbumamau, led by Head 
Coach Eric rueuchi and pIaym 
Daren Garb, Lute Armstrong. 
Andy Wilga and Brian Kennedy. 

A ~ }'Oung WOIJIet1's rugby 
ttam bad a strong ytar with a nwn~ 
ber or highJigbti Vtctories at the 
Champagne Classic Tournament 

against Oo:iden~ and Oartmont 
are things to mnembet for this 
squad of rookies. With leam leaders 
Laura'TUrner, Mali Wallace, Sharan 
Dhanoa, Melissa Ho, Candace 
Jac:krnap, Erica Eden. Maine Mak 
and Melinda Madrig/II aU retum-
ing. nat F I~ promising. 

The UCSD sailing squad made 
good U# of its new boat. finlshing 
as the ninth~ranked schooron the 
West Coast. With R.J. Ward, 
Denise Grttne, Eli Fernald and 
Kim Lcaung manning rhe helm, 
UCSD finished in fifth place in 
two or 11$ races.. 

for the UCSD ~ and board 
team, a scventb-.place finish was in 
store for the 1999-2000 seasotl. 
1M u:arn got Its kicks at MammQth 
Mounblin Slopes during its 
Southern California Colle&i~te 

S~Conkrence events.1YJ.er 
Zarubin. Targhu Orr, Emily 
Beman, Collin Casper, Travis 
Ritchie, Stan Wu and Amy Sage 
were the tram leaders. Wu was the 
brightest star, earning All-American 
honors and proved herself as the 
~nd--best fernak snowboardu in 
the nation at the national clwnpi. 
onship$ in New Hampshire. 

At times. UCSD has been 
called the nation's best surfmg 
school and the surf team showed 
why this year. A number of good 
surfers at UCSD, Danny 

o'Connc~ Garth Engelhom and 
HoUy Beck, broll$~t home sevual 
victories. The highlight of the sea-
son was the Sundt Memorial Surf 
Conte$! at Black.'s Beach, bringing 
together tome or the best surfers 
in the country. The surfin$ season 
is not yet complete. with one 

SPORTS lS 

mort event sla1ed for June 25. 
The men's ultimate team had its 

best season ever. UCSD's advanet:-
ment to the semifinals of the 
President's Day Tournament was 
something to remember, but the 
sweetest victOlY Oime against bitter 
riyal I,JC Santa Barbara. "'{lull win 
propelled the team to its first rour-
nament victory, taking the Santa 
Barbara IQurnament. James Town. 
John Watkinson, San Koenig. Me.n 
Chan and Paul Davis all played key 
roles in these milestones . 

It was also the best season on 
record for the women's ultirnat€' 
team. Last year's nfth-place finish 
paled in comparison to this sea-
son's effort, UCSD won the 
President's Day Tournament, 
breezed through sectional&, 
regionals and advanced to the 
national championShips. Corinne 
Ginsberg. Bryn Manyna, )en 
Sanderson, St~anieJoog, J.P. Lu 
"od Sara Working were key mem-
bers to the team's suCO!ss. 

For the UCSD waterski team, 
the success of this season was 
never in doubt. The squad took 
second In its first eve.nt or the year 
and went from there. The year 
ended at the national competition, 
where the group combined forces 
with other western n:gi<>n schools 
to finish third. in the nation . 

Nikki Kennedy took the over-
all women's title in the All Star 
Qualifier with a new UCSD 
women's jump record of 75 feet.. 
Aggie Franz Joaquin, Tamara 
HartZell, Targee Orr, Jodi 
Hottenstein and Fred Garda also 
did well aU season fOr UCSD in 
the trick and jump categories. 

HotVoice to the World, 
OC! No Kidding! 

Now your friends, fami~ and colleagues in any of 
HotVoice's over 25 countries can communicate 
with you at no charge. Just register at 
www.hotvoice.com. Your phone number 
is your ID so ifs easy to remember. Then 
your friends can call a local number 
and leave a voicemail, send a fax or 
an email. And your mom, who 
knows nothing about computers, 
simp~ uses her telephone! You use 
you r computer, phone or fax to 
retrielle the messages-all at 
local telephone charges. So it's 
no charge to you ! Because nothing 
beats HotVoice. The voice heard 
round the world ! 

ChaoS(! thl way you 
want to be heard: phone-to.pc, 

fax-to-pc or email-to-pc! 

One world. One voice. 



16 SPORTS 

·E_,...., up tiler'. 
-.rJtII ...... ... 
tller'we ........ ... 
.......... I'we ... . 
tile JM.- .... -r .... . 

- MuhMnm«I Ali 

Lobster's 
Lounge 
How to Get the Best 
Out of a Padres Game 
By scon IIUIIIIOUIIII 

Memorial Day has come and 
gone, bringing with it the real 
beginning of summertime h~re in 
San Diego - long, warm days to be 
spent on beaches, barbequing, 
knocking back drafts and checking 
out all the thong-tha-thong-
thong-thongs being sported by the 
ladies - but I advise you to pull 
yourself away from all of this for at 
least an afternoon or two and 
check out one of the oth'er main 
attractions that Diego has to offer. 

I'm talking about sobering up 
long enough to hop in your ride and 
head down to the "Q" for an after-
noon packed with Padres baseball 
excitement. There really isn't a bet-
ter way to spend a sunny afternoon 
than posted up in the cheap bleach-
er sealS with a gang of friends. swill-
ing expensive stadium beer and 
heckling the opposing team's out-
fielders. Here are a few key things to 
keep in mind to make your experi-
ence all the more enjoyable. 

First thing's first. The pregame 
barbecue or tailgate party is a must. 
LoIS of meat and alcohol are all 
you need to get this done, and the 
grub will keep your belly from 
rumbling in the middle of the 
game. If there are any beers left 
over, I would suggest that you stuff 
them in your pockets and attempt 
to sneak them In to beat the cost of 
buying inside. This is a risky 
endeavor, however, so be aware. 

I once stumbled to my seat with 
eight beers bulging out of my 
pockets, and was barely through 
three of them, when in the second 
inning, my friends and [ were 
rousted from our seats by the yel-
low-jacketed security crew and 
escorted off. They seized the evi-
dence and marched us down into 
the bowels of the stadium, where 
we were held and interrogated. 

Luckily, Mr. Gizer, (my Mdriver's 
license") came through under 
police inspection, and [ was spared 
the M[P (minor in possession) and 
only kicked out into the streets 
with my pals. Learn from this mis-
take: We missed almost the entire 
game, including the amazing bot-
tom-of-the-ninth, come-from -
behind Padre's victory. 

Another thing to keep in mind 
is that one of the best things about 
baseball games is that they are long 
and afford ample time to get rip-
roaring drunk and start crowd-
moving offensive chants. [t is 
rumored that when Abner 
Doubleday, the inventor of the 
game of baseball and a noted lush, 
decided on nine innings instead of 
seven, he claimed that the extra two 
were necessary for those spectating 
to "drain their tankards." 

After three-plus hours of sitting 
in the hot sun drinking. it seems 
logical that you should scream just 
about anything (the more profane 
the better), as loud as you can at the 
opposing team. However, keep in 
mind that there might be children 
or priests or Amish in seats adjacent 
to yours, and they may object to 
your violent, crude abuse of the 
other team. So be sure to keep a bag 
of peanuts or the rest of the nacho 
cheese left over from your nachos 
close by to throw at these ninnies. 

With these things in mind, head 
out to support your local ballclub, 
and I'll see you at the park. 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, June 1, 2000 

PORTS 
Track and Field Shines 
The Tritons' usual dominators Freeman, Nielson, Jones and Shugart are not intimidated at nationals 
By IIOIEIIT FUUON 
Sports Editor 

UCSD's top guns showed their 
stuff last weekend at the NCAA 
Division III National 
Championships in Naperville, Ill. 

Jim Freeman, James Nielson, 
Carolyn Jones and Jessica Shugart 
all made their presences felt with 
strong showings. 

The men's team as a whole had 
. a fantastic day, finishing in 10th 
place out of 71 schools by scoring 
26 points. 

Freeman and Nielson were the 
only Tritons who scored for the 
men. 

"It's the highest finish in school 
history." UCSD Head Coach Tony 
Salerno said. "We did it wi th only 
twO people. It's amazing." 

Lincoln University and North 
Central College tied to take the 
top men's honors. 

The Triton women did not do 
too shabbily, tying for 23rd with 
10 points. Again, it was Lincoln 
with th~ most points, taking the 
top spot. 

"That is what they do: Salerno 
saId. "It's kind of thei r whole 
focus: 

ielson finished first in the 
5,OOO-meter run with a time of 
14:34.97. This is the second year in 
a row he has finished in the tOP spot 
at nallonals in the 5,000 meIer. 

"That's amazing." Salerno said. 
UThat's a tough one to do. It's 
tougher to stay there than to get 
there: 

Before this accomplishment, 
Nielson picked up a second-place 
fin ish in the 1 O,ooo-meter event. 

"People usually take two weeks 
before racing again." Salerno said. 
Mit tak~s a toll. [ honestly think he 
should have been named athlete 
of the meet. For him to come back 
and race a 5000 after a 10,000 is 
amazing: 

Freeman was no slouch for the 
Tritons. He fin ished second in the 
110-meter high hurdles in a time 
of 14.34, just 0.13 off the top spot. 

Freeman was injured during 
the event, making his weekend 
even gutsier. 

MHe begged us to run five 
events." Salerno said. "He wanted 
to help the team. He was willing to 

DMlPIIl/~ 
...... james Nielson, who placed first in the 5,000 mnm and second in the 10,000 metm at nationals, strivtS for the 
finish at an event earlier this]tar. 

compromise his success for the 
team." 

The Triton women also had 
some things to brag about upon 
their return home. 

Jones placed second in the 
3,OOO-meter run with a time of 
9:39.58. 

MThat's tremendous: Salerno 
said. MShe's a freshman. She's real-
Iya gem: 

Salerno noted that Jones has 
shown tremendous improvement 
since joining the Tritons. 

"It must be good coaching [by 
Mike Gieskes and Ted van 
Arsdale); Salerno said. "She was-
n't a great athlete in high school. 
Carolyn is a tremendous individ-

ual ." • 
jones kept her cool despite her 

youth: 
"[ knew [ could be up with 

(Rhaina Echols, the 3000 meter 
winner): jones said. MI was hoping 
not to [ose my cool. My friends 
and my coach support me." 

With a second-place victory at 
nationals already under her belt, 
jones is ready for some tough 
Division II competition next year. 
Her time at Naperville compared 
favorably to the top Division II 
times. 

The women's team many other 
top finishers. 

Shugart finished seventh in the 
4OO-meter run with a time of 

57.51 , fin ishing her UCSD career 
on an up note. 

Anne Moore and Lillian Liu, 
also seniors, had good distances in 
the preliminary leaps of the triple 
jump, but did not qualify for the 
finals. Liu ftew for 36'2", and 
Moore glided for 3S'S.S" inches. 

Tina Summers also did well in 
the preliminaries, but did not 
make it to the final round. 
Summers launched the hammer 
throw 149'9". 

Maggie Dwire did not make it 
to finals, but ran the 800-meter 
event in a time of 2:14.24 in pre-
liminary action. 

This event concludes the 2000 
Triton track and field year. 

Seven Women Leaving Cross Country Team 
UCSD is losing a large crop of top-notch, long-distance runners at the end of the Division III era 
Staff Writer 

When next season opens for 
the women's cross country team, 
many faces will be missed during 
the early morning stretching rou-
tine. Seven athletes will be moving 
on to other things and will leave 
behind some big shoes to fill . 

Amy Hawkins, Linda Monroe, 
Kristi O'Grady, Amy Olin, Lezlee 
Tamo, Margaret Wikander and 
Amy Yule will all be graduating 
after years of hard work and dedi-
cation to Triton athletics. 

Hawkins will be especially diffi-
c"!.!t. to replace, as her presence 
benefited the team immensely. 

M(Hawkins) was absolutely fab-
ulous." said Head Coach Ted Van 
Andale. ·She was the glue that 
held the team together, really 
helping out the newcomers during 

the season and at nationals." 
Hawkins' performance on the 

track was excellent. She ran to a 
first-place finish at Western 
Regionals, propelling the team to 
nationals, where she fini~hed in 
the top seven. Her diligence 
clearly paid off - her run-
ning reached ·"a 
whole new 
level" this 
season, Van 
Arsdale said. 

Monroe was a late 
addition to the cross 
country squad, after 

. spending a few yean competing as 
a Triton swimmer. li'ading in ner 
bathing suit for running shoes was 
a big/Ius for the llitons, as she 
helpe the team in many ways. 

MShe was a true competitor and 
would always add immensely to 
the team's spirit" van Andak said. 

O'Grady, born and bred right 
here in San Diego. was another 
valuable part of the squad. She was 
a constantly improving talent, who 
ran her best toward the end of her 
carea'. van ArsdaIe said she was also 

extremely well-balanced. 
MShe was the epitome of 

what a Division III athlete 
should .' be, 
successfully 
balancing 
school, work 

and athletics.· van 
Andale said. Her penonal 

best score came earlier this 
year .t the lliton Invitational, 
where she clocked in at 20:05. 

Olin will be fondly remem-
bemi by her coaches and team-
mates for her glowing smile and 
exemplary work habits. van 
Andale recalled: -(Olin) was 
1Iways, upbeat at practia .nd 18ft 

her all every day in order to main, 
tain her competitive position." 

Tamo will remember her days 
running for UCSD with pride. She 
enjoyed the camaraderie that 
developed over the course of the 
season. 

"We really grew together, like a 
family, and it was really great how 
you could go to your teammates 
with your problems, both personal 
and sports-related, and they 
would do their best to help you 
out: Tamo said. 

She ~It that momjng pnctices 
brought out the best in her ~llow 
runners. 

"Going out and running very 
early in the morning is something 
I won't forget: Tamo added. 
"Sometimes you really wouldn't 
feel like it. but the others would 


