
All you ever needed to know 
about the consequences of 
using fake identification. 
See page 13 

, 

Circulation 
11,000 

UGSAN DIEGO 

Writers argue the necessity of 
the SAT I for potential college 
applicants. 
Seepage 4 

H E u 

www.ucsdguardian.org 

c s 

UCSD men's and women's 
basketball wrap up their 2000-
2001 seasons. 
See page 24 

D 
Monday 

March 5, 2001 

VOLUME 102, ISSUE 17 

Taiwan'. President Fall. 
to Loosen Nationalists' 
Grip on Power 

Missing Student Dies in Car Crash 
TAIPEI, Taiwan - A year ago 

this month, voters here made his-
tory by sweeping the Nationalist 
Party out of power for the first 
time in SS years - or, at least, so 
they thought: 

After the most fleeting of hon-
eymoons, President Chen Shui-
bian and his supporters are finding 
how hard it is to govern a country 
that wa.s run for decades by a 
once-impregnable party. 

With the legislature controlled 

See TAIWAN, Page 10 

NatIonal 
Recovery B..-u at 
Muddy C ...... Site In 
.... a 

UNADILLA, Ga. - Stymied 
by knee-deep mud, military work-
ers struggled Sunday to complete 
the grim task of removing 21 bod-
ies !Fom the wreckage of an Army 
National Guard transport plane 
that crashed here Saturday in a 
sodden field . 

Saturday's nearly 4-inch rain 
turned the freshly plowed cotton 
field into a quagmIre. Sunday 
morning, however, skies had cleared 
and investigators and soldiers 
involved in the recovery effort 

See CRASH Page 10 

Collegiate 
UC Davl. Panel 
Dlscu .... Sourc .. , 
Prevention of hate 

DAVIS, Calif. - ASUCD 
Coffee House patrons were privy 
to a student and faculty panel 
that spoke on hate crim es high-
lighting personal accounts, statis-
tics and possible avenues that the 
university and students may fol-
low to prevent future incidents of 
violence toward UC Davis com-
munity members. 

Wednesday's forum fell in the 
center of Hate Crimes Awareness 
Week, which features a series of 
events intended to encourage 
open dialogue on race relations, 
hate crimes and diversity. 

- The California Aggie 

Spoken 
"He loved his college and 
he loved having fun. " 

Students turned out for vigil in 
Joshua Eber's honor 
By STEVE LEHTONEN 
Staff Writer 

A crowd gathered in the Muir quad at 9 p.m. 
Thursday evening to remember the passing of Muir 
senior Joshua Eber. 

Eber had been miSSing since Monday 
evening. The Thursday night gathering was intend-
ed to be a candlelight vigil for the missing student. 

However, the event turned into a memorial ser-
vice. 

Eber was killed in a car accident near Las Pulgas 
Road, off Interstate S at Camp Pend let n. He was 
22. 

Authorities are sti ll unsure why his car crashed. 
He left his apartment in Mira Mesa at approximate-
ly 11 p.m. on Monday night. He was driving home 
to Calabasas, Calif., to be with his mother as she 
underwent an angiogram. 

Eber's body was found late Thursday afternoon 
by a railroad worker. He was still seatbelted in his 
BMW, which had struck a tree. The car was hidden 
by bushes. 

Students gathered to comfort one another with 
words about the deceased student. Eber's room-
mate, Robert Bessler, spoke of his friend . Bessler ini-
tiated an open microphone session for friends to 
share words about Eber. Bessler also had the diffi-
cult job of letting the gatherers know about the 
death of Eber. 

"Josh was a great person and a great friend," 
Bessler said, after a moment of silence was observed. 
"We pray for him and wish his family the best of 
luck: 

Bessler then asked another friend to say a prayer 
for the group. Following the prayer, students shared 
portraits of Eber's life. 

"He was a friend that I cou ld call at 3 in the 
morning and he would be there; Melissa Caputo 
said. "Just last week, I was having a hard time. He 
could always tell. He would ask me, 'What's wrong 
Melissa? What's wrong?' He could always tell and 
he would always do whatever he could to help 
someone: . 

Leo Der Slepanians/ Guardian 
GrIef: A female student comforts a distraught friend at a vigil for Jushua Eber. a Muir student who died in a car 
accident Monday night. Many received the news of his death at the ceremotry, just hours after his car was found. 

~aputo arrived ea rly to pass out purple ribbons to 
all those in attendance. Purple is the color of Eber's 

See ACCIDENT, Page 77 

Administration Proposes 
Modified Schedule 
Saturday and earlier classes may create 
more classes for increasing student body 
~ KYU R. .DUHEIMIR 
Staff Writer 

The administration is cur-
rently looking into a proposal to 
shorten the 1 S-minute interval 
between classes to 10 
minutes. This proposal is being 
considered as part of a solution 
to improve the efficiency and 
usage of classrooms and lecture 
halls on campus. 

The proposition, along with 
several others, is being discussed 
in order to provide a solution to 
the growing needs of UCSD. In 
particular, the rising number of 
students and the subsequent 
demand (or additional classes 

poses a scheduling problem for 
the university, as the number of 
available classrooms and lecture 
halls will more than likely remain 
the same. 

"Because of a record number 
of applications to the UC system, 
UCSD is being asked to raise its 
target of 3,625 and 1,200 
enrolled new freshmen and 
transfer students, respectively, by 
200 to 300 additional students; 
said Joseph Watson, vice chan-
cellor o( student affairs. 

The need for additional class-
es to accommodate this rapid 
influx of new students at UCSD 

Set CI A ..... Pagt 9 

Revelle Rape Prompts 
Concern on Campus 
Police say that the suspect involved in 
assault was not unknown to the victim 
By PARISA BAHARIAN 
Senior Staff Writer 

A reported rape on the 
Revelle College campus has led 
to an investigation and an effort 
to educate students on rape and 
how best to deal with and pre-
vent it . 

Feb. 20 at 11 :10 p.m., a 
female student reported being 
raped in the Revelle residence 
halls. 

San Diego police detective 
Nate Floyd said a stranger did 
not perpetrate the alleged rape. 

"The offender was not 
unknown to the victim,n Floyd 
said. 

San Diego police detective 
Douglas O'Dell said the rape 
was not rape in the sense that 
many people think of it. 

"The rape under investiga-
tion would fall under 289 of 
California's Penal Code - rape 
with a foreign object,n O'Dell 
Said. "It can be anything: fingers 
or toes, anything. It is rape with 
something other than a penis.n 

O'Dell said a suspect has 
been identified and charges are 
currently being reviewed by the 
district attorney's office. 

Kevin Jones, resident dean of 
Revelle College, said the univer-

See RAPE, Page 2 



2 NEWS 

Rape: 
Assault did rwt amstitute 
rape in traditional sense 
ContInued from ..... 1 
sity is also investigating the incident 
to possibly take disciplinary ac~:~n 
against the suspect. 

Jones offered students some tips 
on how to avoid being raped . 

"Be careful who you are with: 
Jones said . "And then be careful to 
not to be under the influence of 
drugs or alcohol, so to not allow 
your faculties to be diminished." 

Renee Barnett-Terry, dean of 
Revelle College, said that Revelle has 
many programs that bring aware-
ness on how to prevent rape and to 
promote the various services offered 
on campus. 

" During orientation· and 
Welcome Week there are activities 
that deal with the issue of rape: 
Barnctt-Terry said. 

Barnett-To:rry said no new mea-
sures will be taken in response to 
this incident. 

"We will not do anything new, 
but we will continue with programs 
we have," Barnett-Terry said. 

Nancy Wahlig, director of the 
Student Safety Awareness program, 
said the majority of rapes are com-
mitted by individuals known to the 
victims. 

"Eighty-five percent of reported 
rapes are committed by someone 
known to Ithe victiml: Wahlig said. 
"IThe victiml could have a class 
with the offender, have met at a 
party, or could be a friend of a 
friend." 

Wahlig also said that when a 
female is raped by someone she 
knows, she cannot automatically 
count on the support and public 
outcry that the classic model of rape 
by a stranger is given. 

"Many times, rape cases commit-
ted by a stranger are treated as a 
crime, whereas rape committed by 
someone kJlown is not seen as bad 
or not even considered a crime in 
some cases: Wahlig said. "IThusl it 
is hard for the victim to know whom 
to trust or turn to." 

Referring directly to the alleged 
rape at Revelle College, Wahlig said 
it is remarkable that the student 
reported it, because, she said, rape is 
the most underreported crime of all. 

"The fact that the student was 
willing to report the rape talks about 
her drive and courage: Wahlig said. 

Wahlig said that the Student 
Safety Awareness program serves as 
an on-campus resource to educate 
students on how to prevent rape, the 
many myths associated with rape, 
and what to do when raped. Victim 
counseling is also offered. 

One of the myths Wahlig said her 
program seeks to dispel is the date 
rape myth: the idea that because a 
woman acts a certain way she con-
dones violence by a male. 

"In a date rape type of situation, 
the blame often falls to the woman, 
but she never asks to be harmed like 
that: Wahlig said. 

Wahlig offered tips on what stu-
dents should do if raped. 

"First, find a safe place: she said . 
"Second, tell a trusted friend. Then 
find out all your options, one of 
them being call ing th e 24-hour 
Rape Cris is hotline at (858)272-
1767. Or you can use the Student 
Safety Awareness program. We are 
here for the students." 

The UCSD Guardian 

ETCETERA 

C.1".flv( MTIST" '1'\11'( 

""' .... ~ ~~IT .. _avCNS s.t: -5(~" · ~\.llT"'''', -"",1 JuST ~~~~ ",sot PTIOoJ IUITAI"IT, .. A Mll(1C'? " ..... -1II .. ".I'''~ PO~ToI~ •• .".u.'? 
P" I""""'~ s~r· Ol.ws .... \ ~",.'a'p ·~o" ~ ~TS. Or.SU~loo.) OF 1OI""1WioA"6 MOII'TO .~,"tlIO. (oQAoIOtvll 'Jllll..ANATllOI'O 1IlC.\o)-?" " IT,! ("~ 
.... ~~ PllAAoIOlA 1ol" ... 1> ~ .PS 'I&I"~~S ~E~f· '",''11. ... ''' aa AolOT I4€Q. ' ,IT,_sS fo '" a., 00.16 PO~". P I 1'~ Aooll> "'I~ ' t. I~ PC,.,u.'T~ 
.-~~ .\.,'~IO..;) ~-..... - .. IaMIC., .......... • ,,", SE.t.f. ' ~OOIC , ....... , .. ...,.,1. G--Y ........ " .. ...,u ... Aat I S,. _._L.,., o..w.. .. WI"" .... ,., ......... ~, ..... ,..,. l"OIXo~ .... -_.-... ..,. ........ s._ ...... ", ... -.w \CIOJ lIIllA't .......... ," --, 

AC;TOfl,~ SE, .. f . AlljiA of $<lOt , !.~ .. f· "Qol ..,.." i ~PVT.-J A~~ O~"OT'~ 1>0,,6.,. 100SloItlRI'T,:) ..,., ~""""? " "1ooI_~. 
_W·T ... U! 

•• "'to,, ,i. s.ut,o.I'U SA~ • ...., "IolHUi T\IIIaW &hit. SELF· ~,," ,.IlSS U)"""'lUool. ~AT 
6111"'6,IIIST , Co"l~"'~ .~ ... 'IMA~ 

AM I '? ~ ~ ............ s 
S ... r.oIUS 5(.as _ .. 6,,",,~. 

" .... ~1b S~~f'- (O ... ~' IQIrr,) 
S( __ 

.. ..... II~ t rllol~ '"" 
s..,..\~ "'e> ~ ........ I>S I'" .,. .. , 

.... III/Ii ", .. I.R.. .... "" NO S"Aw\, ~1t ,",0101"" . 
" ..... ""M,. 

, ....... '''"J, "" .. LH.\OUS r.,._, 1 ..... '_. · W."'" 11& 'T" ....... S. H! ,IIOU.,.., ....... t_U ... "., SM '.orr " • ...,1016_1> 'TO .N~ I""" ........ , ~lTs ... .,.., tAItT_'STS . auT.J ..... u.t~ .. 
BRIEFLY 
Annual UC Day to Take Place March 6 

President of the University of California 
Richard C. Atkinson will be joined by over 500 
researchers, 19 UC student researchers and 
many others Tuesday for UC day, which will take 
place in Sacramento. 

This year 's event is themed "On the 
Threshold of Opportunity ' and will celebrate the 
University of California 's leadership and accom-
pl ishments. 

The UC Alumni ASSOCiation will sponsor the 
event and will also present Legislator of the Year 
awards to Sen. Joseph Dunn from Garden Grove, 
Calif. and Assembly Speaker Robert M. 
Hertzberg from Van Nuys, Calif. 

Also during the daylong celebration, several 
student researchers from several UC campuses 
will present their work , which deals with public 
issues and other areas. 

Hewlett Packard Grants $1 
Million for Digital Network 

A $5 million Digital Village Grant from 
Hewlett Packard will now enable local Indian 
reservations, in collaboration with the 
Southern California Tribal Chairman 's 
Association and the University of California, 
among others, to wire San Diego reservations 
for Internet service. 

The grant will fund such projects for' three 
years and will build high-speed, broadband con-
nection between 17 Indian reservations to facil· 
itate the Internet. . 

UCSD will take advantage of the new con-
nection to lay the foundation to draw more 
Native American students to the university. 
Historically, Native Americans have been the 
most under·represented ethnic population at 
UCSD, and the grant from Hewlett Packard will 
help make more Native American students eligi· 
ble for UC admission. 

The Digital Village Grant is given annually to 
underserved communities. San Diego's grant is 
one of two awarded this year. 

Producer of Cellulose Acetate 
Grants Money to UCSD 

Celanese Acetate LLC of Charlotte, N.C., the 
world's largest producer of cellulose acetate, 
has awarded UCSD a donation that will provide 
patents, patent applications and trademarks for 
the invention of a new variety of anti·wound 
dressing. 

The company chose UCSD for the donation 
because of its prominence in the field of med~ 
cine and wound management. The package 
given to UCSD will allow it to manufacture and 
license this technology for other companies. 
UCSO's Impressive technology transfer program 
was also cited for the donation. 

The'new product would provide a viable alter· 
native to current products on the market and 
would be manufactured using cellulose acetate. 
The new technology would prevent the dressing 
from adhering to the surface of wounds. 

UCSD to Offer New 
Under ..... u •• Biology Coune 

Beginning spring quarter, UCSD will offer a 
'new lower division biology course, BILD 7, titled 
"How Ufe Begins: The course did not make it 
into the catalog, but students can stili enroll. 

Professors Martin Yanofsky and Ethan Bier will 
co-teach the class, which will focus on the growth 
of complex organisms from fertilized eggs. 

The course is intended for nonmaJors, but 
biology majors are encouraged to enroll. Other 
topics to be addressed in the course include the 
effects of ,enetically modified plants for con-
sumers, the problem of screenlrw for disease in 
human ,enes, and the availability of Individuals' 
DNA sequences to outside agencies. 

The course also satisfies general education 
requirements for Eleanor Roosevelt College, John 
Muir College, Earl Warren College, Revelle College 
and is currently being corlsidered as a general edu-
cation elective by Thurgood Marshall College. 

Monday, March 5, 2001 

VUICINf IIAINANI 
Editor in Chief 

... _. AUIOfII_ 
MtmIlging Editors 

....... 1POInO • JIIIIIIIEY WIllI 
Cop!l Editors 

......... COAIIINIY 
Nf!UJS Editor 

AID J. LII • un ICIIIADII 
Associate Ntlllls Editors 

TOMW 
Opinion Editor 

DlYYA IlUNCHAL 
Associate Opinion Editor 

IIOIIIIT AUON 
Sports Editor 

seem ........... 
ISAAC PUILIIAN 

Associate Sports 'Editors 
JOIHCIOUII 
Features Editor 

IIALAVIKA UMOUY 
Associate Features Editor 

DAVID LII • JCIIIPII LII 
Hiatus Editors 

CllARUElUN 
Design Editor 
DAVIDPILZ 
Photo Editor 

SKY FIIOI1INION 
Graphics Editor 
a.AN WIINIIt 

Web Editor 

IINIOII StAIr...,... 
Partsa Bahanan. Shannon CasUe. An,ela Carrter. 

TheodOre Ookko. Bertrand Fan. Cassandra 
Pierce. loran Sadja. Simone Santini. Jessica 
Scheppmann. Brtan Welles. RebeCca Wood 

..... WIIrrIIIS 
Kyle Blebeshelmer. Valerte Burns. Jacqueline 
Cheu", . Glorta Chun, . Geoff Dietrich. Jessica 

Kruskamp. Patrick lee. Randy lie. StllYe 
lehtonen. lara Moscrlp. Parnaz Tahert. Arvlnd 

Vasan. Jacob wasserman. Kelly wonc 

--
Laura Brown. Zhl-NI", liane. Mansi Partkh. 

Andrew Quadrl. Sabaa Saleem. 
Ruth Tane. Ed WU 
COPYIUDDS 

Maryam Banlhasheml. Yol<o I,awa. Melinda 
lllChance, Marcaret O·NelIi. Andrew Quadrl, 

PHCmI8UPIIIIIS 
Tyler Huff. lyon Uew. Jayme del Rosarto. 

Leo Der Stepanlans. Rebecca Drexler. Brian 
MOChadam 

ILLUS'IIIAIOD 
Melissa ChOW. Mike COUlnl. AustIn Hsla. Tim 

Kane. Kenrick Leun,~Allce Lin. James P. 
Pascual . Anja Scherer. Courtney Takashima. 

Kristin Withers 

PAIIILA FIlUIII 
Business Manager 
_IUInINIZ 

Advertising Art DirJ!Ctor 
IIOIIEO CAlAMUS 
Advertising Manager 

FIWICIIOI 
Assistant Business Manager 

ADVDTIUI8 UIISTANf 
Hanna Doerr 

ADVIImAICI_. LAYOUf 
Katie Keenan. Philip Lee 

CIlCUUlTICIN .......... 
Matthew Bechtel . Andrew Chantra. PhylliS Chu. Gree Emmanuel. Carrie Everstlne. Kelly 

MlmnaUCh. Sean Slattery 
COMPUnIIIU't'OIIT 

Andrew Chant .. 

TIle UCSO 0.._ Is ~ Mond8yllnd 
~ IUIIW ,he ec_,.., Ill' "'!of ,he 
_'-"1 riI UCSD. ~lanril''''''''_ 
In .., fllfm. will!_ In ._ or In 1*'. wnlIOuI 
pennI_ II strICtly prohibited. 0 2000. III rilllls 
_ved. TIle UCSD au..hn II not .-- fIIf 
the rtllurn riI_lted ...-rlptl 0( ar'. The 

_I"~ _n do nOi nec_IIy ... 
Mnt ,he opinions of The UCSD "*-. ,he 
U-, of Cllifomle 0( ,he A'-Iltlld StuCllnll. 
TIle UCSO ~ II ~ IOIeIy Ill' _1111",. 
Err .. .PIIII Collins 

General Editorial: 5~1 
News end Feat",.: 534-5226 

Opinion. Sporta end PhOto: 5346582 
HlatUl: 534-6583 

AdYertlll,. Offtce: 534-3466 
F8lI : 534-7691 

e-mail: fH1Ito~I4IUMr1lan.or, 
Web: IIttp://www.ucl4luertllan.O/'I 

UCSD a ........... , 9100 
8IIm8n Drtve 0318, 

La Jolla, CA 92093-0318 
Actual location: Second Floor. UCSO 
~.~ ~e:n.-: 8~~~:!~· R~. ~1! . 

Monday, March 5, 2001 

LIGHTS & SIRENS 

Ughts & Sirens is a selection of 
entries compiled from the log book 
of the UCSD Police Department. 
UC:SD crime stat istics can be 
attained by all persons from the 
Police Department or at 
http://police.ucsd.edu. 

MoncIIIy, Feb. 26 
6:33 p.m.: A student reported 

the theft of laundry from the 
Goldberg Hall laundry room. Loss: 
$392. 

Tuesday, Feb. 27 
- 8:32 a.m.: Units and para· 
medics, responded to an is-year· 
old male student having a possible 
seizure at Sequoyah Hall. 
Transported to Thornton Hospital 
by paramedics. 

11:38 a.m.: A student reported 
burglary to a white '00 Honda Civic 
in Lot 502. Loss: $1,200. 

3:05 p.m.: A student reported 
the theft of a gray Specialized Stump 
Jumper mountain bike from the bike 
racks on the west side of Tioga HaIk 
Loss: $400. 

WedneIcIIy, Feb. 28 
2:37 p.m.: A student reported 

the theft of a black and red K2 
mountain bike from outside Center 
Hall 205. Loss: $1,000. 

7:57 p.m.: Officers arrested a 2()' 
year-old male student for misuse of a 
handicap placard in Lot 309. Cited 
and released. 

Thu..uy, MRh 1 
9:30 a.m.: Missing jwenile locat· 

ed and detained at Goldberg Hall . 
Transported to Jwenile Detention 
Facility. Guardians were notified. 

friday, March 2 
3:57 p.m.: Officers impounded a 

black '95 Acura Integra from Lot 
206 for having more than five unpaid 
parking citations. Stored at Star 
Towing. 

Saturday, March 3 
1:12 a.m.: A student reported 

burglary to an '83 Toyota Celica in 
the Pangea Parking Structure. Loss: 
$150. 

11:38 a.m.: A nonaffiliate report· 
ed burglary to a blue '96 Ford 
Escort in Lot 208. Loss: $920 . 

12:43 p.m.: A nonaffiliate report· 
ed the theft of a briefcase from a 
restroom at Thornton Hospital. Loss: 
$1,025. 

3:27 p.m.: Officers ordered a 36-
year-old male nonaffiliate off cam-
pus for seven days after causing a 
disturbance at Revelle Plaza. 

SUnd8y, MItch 4 
2:42 Lm.: Officers detained a 

17·year-old female nonaffiliate for 
being drunk in public at Tioga Hall. 
Released to parents. 

The UCSD Guardian 

• Ie L I • Ie. L • It • • ... • c • ... • 0 ••••• 01. ••• 0 
DoYou Have 
Eye Allergies? 

Scripps Clinic is conducting 
a research study for a new 

eyedrop for allergies . 
Participants must: 
• Be 12 years of age or older 
• Be allergic to cats, dust 

mites, grass or ragweed 
• Be otherwise healthy 

Qualified panidpants will 
be paid. 
For more information, 

Please Contact the 
Study Coordinator at: 

(858) 554-9604 or 
(858) 554-9611 . 
SCRIPPS CLINIC 

NEWS 3 

III/Til 
~~.'BI. 

$775 
+ 10% tax bus 

fare included 

NEED HELP? 
~ Technical 

£,ftU Services 
Computer Repair 

On site service 
Computer and printer repair for 
UCSD faculty, staff and students 3:1D p.m.: An 8(}year-old male 

staff member suffered a broken 
nose after falling at the Center for 
Molecular Genetics. Transported to 
Thornton .Hospital by paramedics. 

- Complied by IJIuren I. 
Coartney, 

News editor 
Room 1412 APM http://techserv.ucsd.edu EIIIII: techserv@ucsd.edu Phone: (858)534-4057 

II III t' I i ( d I L, L l' d d p r' inS t u den t T r' () veL 

Woman's;.Travel SafeW Workshop 
. .,... .' ~. '. 

A free, ~ ~.se51Ijoo ~ sa(ety1ssueS that are II1ique t> women tnweIers! 
. Topics of dlsc~sllon Include: .. "', 

~ A'IOJdlng harassment 
~ Women's changing role overseas 
~ Violent crime prevention 
~ Theft 
~ Health and personal safety 

~ Choosing destinations for solo travel 
Facilitated by the travel experts at Council Travel and 

UCSO's Student Safety Awareness Program 

WHEN: March 9th 2001, 3:30pm-4:30pm 
WHERE: the Price Center Movie Theater 

------- ALSO -------

Enter to win a trip to 
Other giveaways include: rail passes, travel gear, travel books and morell 
Learn everything you need to know about traveling to Europe on a budget. 
Our free seminar covers: 

~ Discount Airfares 
~ How to Get Around 
~ Budget Accommodations 
~ What You Need to Know Before You Go 
~ Planning Your itinerary 
~ Tours 
~ Travel Safety 

WHEN: March 9th 2001, 5pm-7pm 
WHERE:i he Price Center Movie Theater 
Phone" for either event: 8 5 8-452 -0 6 3 0 

CST 1 ()()8()8()-S() 
_Travel'-__ _ 
, • II r I i I t r I I) (\ I . r r) 111 

~~'" SUNDAY NIGHTS CI @8pmat ~ ) f .J'. ESPRESSO ROMA 
~ An hour of ( ' llJ ,:urc:: FREE live acoustic . )f~~~ & folk I ' ~I1ArzcH / / 



4 OPINION The UCSD Guardian Monday, March 5, 2001 

PINION 

The SAT [ is an outdated test that does not accurately test the 
aptitude of high school students and should be done away with 
By PARNAZ TAHERI 
Staff Writer 

Dropping the SAT' I in the admission 
process is an action that is long overdue. 
Being both unfair and unjust, this highly 
controversial test contains more than one 
problem that needs to be resolved. It is also 
time to get rid of those No. 2 penci ls and 
the endless hours of bubbling in answers 

The three most dreaded letters in a high 
school student's vocabulary might finally 
come to an end and [, for one, although no 
longer a part of the high school crowd, 
could not be more ecstat-
ic. The Scholastic Apti- .......... .. 

to unnecessary ques-
tions. 

tude Test, com mo nly 
known as the SAT, has 
recently been questioned 
by the president of the 
University of California, 
Richard Atkinson. 
Among other high ly 
debatable arguments, 
Atkmson proposed that 
stude nts need a more "holistic" approach to 
admisions and that eliminating the SAT I 
from the admission process would be a way 
to "gel morc people in," as well as be a ben-
efit to minorities and other students. 

Austin HSla( Guardian 

For years, students 
have had to prove their 
academic ability through 
this aptitude test, which 
conta ins only verbal and 
math categories. Stu-
dents are not tested in 
other skills, such as his-
tory or science, and are 

only given three opportunities to take the 
test before they turn in applications for 
colleges. T h is alone proves how unneces-

See PlIO, Page 7 

• 
• 

UC President Atkinson is wrong about the SAT I being 
unfair as it provides and equal measuring stick for students 
By VlSHAL PATEL 
Contributing Opinion Writer 

wake of the high emotions o f ha tred 
toward taki ng the SAT I, one can fo rget 
the great benefits that the test offers, ben-

The college application process, as efits that help make the UC system fair 
many students have come to know it, is and honorable. 
under attack. UC President Richard Atkin- The SAT I is a binding force that unites 
son wishes to abolish the SAT I from con- all students applying for admission to the 
sideration in admitti ng ........... UC system. In a time of 
students into the most widespread grade intla-
prestigious public higher con . tion, the SAT I is a great 
education system in the equa lizer that keeps all 
nation. students on an equal 

Many college stu- playi ng fie ld , to allow 
dents are probably exu- objective people to 
berant at this proposi- choose the top students 
tion. Finally, someone ' GUARDIAN OPINION to attend their schools. 
has listened to their pleas The SAT I serves as a 
of hatred toward this way to measure all stu-
test, and are happy that their younger sib- dents with one standard , no matter what 
lings may not have to go through the ordeal their background or education . By this, '[ 
of taking the SAT I. convey that the level of education and com-

I warn these students, and I warn 
Atkinson : Do not abolish the SAT I. In the See CON, Page 7 

Monday, March 5 , 2001 The UCSD Guardian 
Paid Advertisement 

ISRAEL IS NOT ABOVE THE LAW 
UN Resolution 194 - Right of return for Palestinian refugees to the homes from which they were expelled in 1948, and / or full compensation for 
lost or damaged properties; 

UN Security Council Resolution 242 - Calls on withdrawal of Israeli armed forces from the Occupied Territories: The West Bank, East Jerusalem 
and Gaza Strip, and emphasizes "the inadmissibility of the acquisition of territory by war"; 

UN Security Council Resolution 338 - Calls for implementation of Resolution 242; 

UN Security Council Resolution 476 - Demands Israel's withdrawal from Jerusalem; 

UN'Securlty Council Resolution 1322 - Condemns Israelis 'excessive use of force against the Palestinians, passed this last October 7th. 

Many other United Nations resolutions have been passed concerning Israel's illegal transformation of both West. Jerusalem and East Jerusalem, 
and continued building of illegal settlements and colonization of the 1967 occupied Palestinian territories. 

. WHY IS ISRAEL THE LARGEST RECIPIENT OF U.S. FOREIGN AID? 
· 5 Billion U.S. Tax Dollars a year go to fund Israeli oppression of the Palestinian people, 

more than all aid to African nations combined! 
It Is unlawful to fund a state that. from its onset. has systematically violated International Law. 

Sections 502[8} and 116[A}, Foreign Assistance Act 

STOP THE AGGRESSION AGAINST THE PALESTINIAN PEOPLE 
FREEDOM FOR THE PALESTINIANS 

END THE ISRAELI OCCUPATION 
IN 1948 JEWS, WHO WERE LESS THAN 25% OF THE POPULATION AFI'ER MASSIVE MIGRATIONS, ONLY OWNED 6% OF LAND IN 
Palestine. They declared an independent Jewish State, seized control of most of Palestine (78%) and ~xpelled or caused the flight of most of the 
Palestinian population. In so doing, they violently transformed an Arab country (Palestinian) into a Jewish State (Israel) , 

THE WEST BANK, EAST JERUSALEM AND GAZA STRIP, ONLY CONSTITUTE 22% OF HISTORIC PALESTINE. THESE REGIONS HAVE 
been militarily occupied since 1967, and a continued policy of oppression, house demolition and land dispossession have been actively pursued 
by the Israeli government. Demographic alterations through the building of exclusively Jewish settlements has been one of Israelis top priorities. 
Israel continues to refuse to withdraw from the Occupied Territories. Since September, Palestinians have been protesting against continuing Israeli 
occupation. Over 380 Palestinians, mostly unarmed civilians, many of them children, have been killed by Israeli soldiers in an attempt to suppress 
the uprising. Like any other people, Palestinians have the right to live in freedom in their own country. The Israeli occupation must end. 

5 

EAST JERUSALEM WAS ANNEXED AND ';UNIFIED" TO WEST JERUSALEM TO MAKE JERUSALEM ISRAEL'S "ETERNAL CAPITAL." 
Its municipal boundaries were expanded almost tenfold. Expanded Jerusalem with the attached colonization (settlements) now cut across the West 
Bank to reach Jericho. Hence greater Jerusalem takes up approximately 25% of the West Bank. Moreover, Israel has placed over 400,000 illegal set-
tlers in East Jerusalem and the West Bank. Considering that Israel claims 50% of the West Bank as "state lands," the so-called Barak offer of 95% to , 
Palestinians is not only disingenuous, but also not a concession. The land is occupied land, and hence not Israel's on which to make concessions. 
Withdrawal is required by International Law. 

Theodore Herzl, Founder of World Zionist Organization Complete Diaries, June 12, 1895 entry 
'''The removal of Arabs bodily from Palestine is part of the Zionist plan to "spirit the penniless population across the frdntier by denying it employ-
ment" , Both the process of expropriation and the removal of the poor must be carried away discreetly and circumspectly," 
David Ben Gurlon (The First Israeli Prime Minister): "If I were an Arab leader, I would never sign an agreement with Israel. It is normal; we have 
taken their country. It is true God promised it to us, but how could that interest them? Our God is not theirs." 
Ben Gurlon insisted in 1948 that, "We must do everything to insure they (the Palestinians) never do return." Assuring his fellow Zionists that 
Palestinians will never come back to their homes, "The old will die and the young will forget. " 
3.7 million Palestinian refugees have not forgotten their homeland, and have the Inalienable right to return. However, Israel claims 
that there Is no room for Palestinians, while It happily embraces Russians and Americans, offering them a plethora of benefits. 

FREEDOM OF SPEECH ON CAMPUS 
Massive campaigns of false propaganda labeling any criticism of Israel and political Zionism as Anti-Semitic should not be used to quash political 
discourse at this academic institution. Students have the right to criticize the state of Israel and its violations of human rights, as well as Zionism 
as a political ideology and Israel's racist policies. 

Sponsored by 1M American-Arab AntI-Discrimination Committee and Arab Student Union UCSD 
For more Information contact ADCUCSOObotrnall.com 



6 OP[N[ON The UCSD Guardian Monday, March 5, 2001 

Spontaneity Isn't All That Great 
Jaded & 

Faded 
very rarely do things on the fly. resigned myself to being stuffy, 

boring and "unfun." 

In the Wise Words of 
President Bush ... 

When I was younger, this was 
considered a positive trait. It sig-
nified maturity and forethought. 
But as I've gotten older, I've 
found that more and more peo-
ple value spontaneity. Some-
where between homeroom and 
my dorm room, my peers began 
equating "planning" with "bor-
ing." All of the sudden, I wasn't 
fun if I wasn't spontaneous. 

But now, three years later and 
supposedly wiser, I've come to 
realize the futility of fighting 
myself. Screw spontaneity! The 
next time it rains on your parade 
I'll be the one with an umbrella, 
because I checked the weather 
forecast and you didn't. I should-
n't have to feel sheepish for plan-
ning my life down to the last 
minute detail, nor should any of 
my fellow control freaks. 

Far from being an eloquent speaker, Bush 
provides great laughs 

CAROLINE SONG" ) 

TWo Fridays ago I was searching the Internet for something interesting to 
do on a Saturday night. I hap-
pened to come across an ad for 
Henry Rollins ' Spoken Word 
show down at 4th & B. 

The show was on the follow-
ing Wednesday, not that Satur-
day, but I thought, "Hey, I hardly 
know anything about this guy's 
music, but 'Liar' really cracks me 
up, so why don't I check it out?" 
So I called a friend, he agreed to 
go, we went, we laughed, it was a 
great show. 

The following day at work I 
was slacking off and discussing 
the show with a co-worker who 
turned out to be a Black 
Flag/Rollins Band fan . 

· Why didn't you go to the 
show?" I asked him. 

"Ah, weill heard about it, but 
I thought it was later in the 
month, and since I hadn't 
planned it out, I just gave up. on 
going," was his response. 

That's when another co-
worker chimed in and asked why 
plalining was a prerequisite to 
going. His almost sheepish reply 
was · Well. that's just the way I 
am. I kinda like to plan things if 
I'm gonna do them ... ." 

This got me all fired up 
because that's exactly how I am. I 
like to plan things. I like to know 
what's boing to happen ahead of 
time so I can be prepared, and I 

I reached the height of my 
spontaneity crisis during my sec-
ond year at UCSD. I had a 
boyfriend who was forever exas-
perated by my anal-retentiveness. 

Somewhere between 
homeroom and my dorm 
room, my peers began 
equating ''plannirJg'' 
with "boring." 

In a valiant attempt to increase my 
"fun-ness,' I desperately began 
trying to be less of a control freak. 

If he unexpectedly wanted to 
ditch class and go surfing instead, 
I'd gnash my teeth but trudge 
along. I was also always on the 
lookout for new and interesting 
things to try just so he wouldn't 
think I was unadventurous. Pret-
ty soon I found myself constantly 
stressing out, asking "How can I 
be spontaneous today?' 

Eventuallyl realized the lame-
ness of my endeavors. My efforts 
at being a fun, carefree, whimsi-
cal free spirit were causing me 
more anxiety than all my meticu-
lous planning ever did. With my 
purpose and my will defeatea, I 

There are times when I still 
wish I possessed that Charlize 
Theron-esque freedom of spirit. 
But it's just not who [ am. Spon-
taneity is fun, but when it's forced, 
I end up making myself even more 
uncomfortable and other people 
notice my discomfort. The more [ 
fight myself. the more [ reaI~ that 
there are some things [ can never 
change. And [ shouldn't have to. 

[ should not have to feci guilty 
about something that is not neces-
sarily a fault [should not let oth-
ers make me feel guilty about 
something that is not wrong. 
Everyone has something they wish 
they could change in themselves. 
But how many times do we stop 
and ~k ourselves if the change is 
really necessary, or why we wish to 
change it in the first place? 

[ do see the value in being 
able to let loose every once in a 
while and go with the flow. I was. 
in truth, rather proud of myself 
for going to the Rollins show. 
Going to hear a musician whose 
work I'm unfamiliar with - on a 
night [ usually don't go out, no 
less - is about as spontaneous 
as [ get these days. That and 
announcing, "[ will now be spon-
taneous! Ready? Here [ come!" 

., VALIIIII .... 
Staff Writer 

The first couple of months of 
President George W. Bush's term in 
office have provided us with some 
memorable comedic moments. [ 
don't know if it's from the coke or 
the booze, but the man cannot talk. 
I have yet to hear him clearly pre-
sent a complete thought. 

What makes it even more enter-
taining, though, is that Bush loves to 
talk. He seems to be totally unaware 
that the whole country is laughing at 
him, or at least trying to stifle its 
laughter as he poops out sentence 
after meaningless sentence. But why 
should [ continue ridiculing him 
when he does a better job of it him-
self? Let the show begin. 

Bush realized he was entering a 
hostile Washington two months 
ago. HI' claimed that people had 
"misunderestimated" him. [ would 
concur, except that [ would not be 
sure what I was concurring with, 
considering that "misunderesti-
mated" is not a word. 

But even with this misunderesti-
mation, he would like to assure us 
that he is capable of the job at hand. 
One of his goals while in office will 
be to make America a ~literate 
c~untry and a hopefuller country: 
which will be easily accomplished, 
as he is well-informed of each of the 
three branches' governmental roles. 
According to a Nov. 22 interview 
conducted 'in Texas: "It's the execu-
tive branch's job to interpret law." 

Despite this insignificant misin-
formation, Dubya is "hopcfuller" 

about our country's future. In a 
Dec. 8 interview, he said to an 
Austin source: "The greatest thing 
about America is that everybody 
should vote." Well that's true, but is 
that really the greatest thing about 
America? [ thought the most 
depressing thing about America is 
that everybody should vote but 
hardly anyone does. 

But don't judge Bush too quick- . 
Iy. He and Dick Cheney have set 
before them an ambitious agenda 
(especially considering the brain 
power they have to work with). 
Bush has been heavily endorsing his 
tax cut plan recently: "My pan plays 
down an unprecedented amount of 
our national debt." And [ have no 
doubt that his pan will do that. 

Bush would like to be a strong 
president so as to continue "pre-
serving executive powers for 
myself, but for predecessors as 
well: because we all know his pre-
decessors will be affected by his 
performance in office. 

One -of my favorite Bushisms 
consists of Bush explaining the 
ambitious climate in the District of 
Columbia: "[ know there is a lot of 
ambition in Washington, obviously. 
But I hope the ambitious realize 
that they are more likely to succeed 
with success as opposed to failure." 
So that means success is better 
than failure? Thanks for clarifying, 
Dubya. We weren't sure about that 
one. 

In the arena of foreign policy, 
Dubya has been busy clarifying his 

See IU ....... Page 8 

Rosarito Beach Ho-
Great Value 

Sprin.s Break 
Packages: 

~. 
SPRING BREAK 

BEACH GAMES 2001 
G"uk 0lA~ ~Il ~~e ffu ~ ~~~ (/O~eG WI~~ jOlA.f f~k;. ! ! 

If You Can Say" YES" 
to These 3 Statements: 

I 3 nights/4 days 
(weekend) or 

4 nights/Sdays (weekday) 
packages start at: 

$.ll(k=n~ 
~ flft nightly admission to wOrld famous local n tdubs 
.. flft Mexican or American style dinners every night 
.. flft I liter pilcher of Margaritas per room per night 
.. flft all day admission 10 dancing. beach and pool actlvtdes 
.. flft Spring Break T·Shirts and prizes to daily contest winners 
J~I ~1~1AI~ tOI~ l~e ~orJef ... 
Transportation directly to the botel 
($3 US eacb way), provided by Mexicoacb 
every 2 hours lOam to 8pm daily. 
Park at the San Ysidro border for the 
Mexicoach shuttle pick-up. , 
Cbeck them out at www.GOTOTijUANA.com 

1-866-ROSARITO 
www.rosaritobeachhotel.com 

W' "Rate based on 4 penons per room. $125 pip on triple oce. $1 SO pip on double oce. 11 Prepaid adV2J1Ce reservations required. Lmld. Avall ~ Valid (rom Mar. 9th 10 Apr 6th. No early eheck out 
Hom refunds. Not , .. lid "ilh olher promotions 

Not afraid of ld Calls? 

Then we need you. 
Can you pick up a phone and deliver a simple 

message? As a Guardian advertising rep you can 
make money (10% to 15% commission) and set a 

flexible schedule. 
Call Romeo today at (858)534-3467 or stop by 

our office upstairs in the Student Center. 

o I am 13-26 years old 0 I am Jewish. 
o I have never been on a peer 

group trip to Israel. 

Then you can 
go to ISRAEL 
for FREE 
this May 
& June! 

TAGliT . n'11n 

birthright isrul 
.:. ........ btrth,..,hu~ru: l.(gm 

Monday, March 5, 2001 

Pro: 
The SAT [ is an unfair 
measurement 
contII .... froIII ..... 4 
sary and unjust the test it. Anoth-
er evident point lies in the fact 
that some students, including me, 
do not have the test-taking skills 
that others do. [t is for this reason 
that some tend to do so poorly 
and do not get into colleges, while 
others, who might have slacked of 
all their high school lives, receive 
a perfen score and get into Yale. 

Yet another problem lies in the 
. fact that the SAT I has essentially 

tortured students, some of who 
begin to study and prepare for it 
starting in junior high school. 
Since the SAT has historically 
been such a big part of college 
adm ission process, along with 
GPA, essays and extracurricular 
activities, students have felt the 

. pressure to start early in preparing, 
which includes paying hundreds, 
sometimes thousands of dollars to 
take preparatory classes. This 
tremendous amount of pressure is 
some.what of a cruel punishment 
10 these students who essentially 
sompete with each other to get 
higher scores. 

Determining admissions 
through GPA, essay and activities 
alone would be a tremendous 
benefit to a great number of stu-
dents. For instance, getting rid of 
the SAT. I wou ld be a likely factor 
in increasing minority enrollment, 
something that the UC system 
desperately needs. Ever since the 
passage of Proposition 209 in 
1995, which outlawed affirmative 
action in all California public uni-
versities, minority admissions have 
decreased overall. 

According to "Newsweek" 
magazine, income level and race 
has greatly varied - specifically 
decreased - when it has come 

LIMITED 

down to scores on the SAT. While 
Asian-Americans had a higher 
average compared to African-
Americans, Latinos and whites, 
Latinos had the lowest averages 
both in verbal and math . This evi-
dence has proven the fact that the 
SAT [ is an unfair way to deter-
mine how capable a student is aca-
demically when entering a univer-
sity. By eliminating the SAT I in 
the admission process, not only 
will minorities have the opportuni-
ty to have a better chance of get-
ting in, b~t the rest of the students 
who are not the best test-takers 
will also have a higher chance of 
getting accepted. 

Eliminating the SAT I for UC 
admissions affects us college folks 
here at UCSD, who have, of 
course, already had the pleasure of 
taking the test. With the SAT [ 
gone, there will be an increase in 
minority students on ca mpus, 
something the UC has been striv-
ing to do ever since Prop. 209 
went into effect. 

This can be taken to be a bad 
sign, but having more people 
would mean more professors, a 
bigger campus and, well, more 
friends to go all around. With 
more and more students applyi ng 
to UCS D every year, acceptance 
rates will go up, as will UCSD's 
reputation. 

With all of this controversy, all 
of us are probably asking the 
question, "Why didn't they have 
the idea to get rid of the SAT [ 
when we were in high school?" It 
is true that we all had to go 
through the painful and nerve-
racking SAT I before, but that 
should be just one of the many 
other reasons why the SAT [ 
should not be a big part of the 
admissions process now or in the 
future. All in all, one test should 
not be the deciding factor for 
one's future. As Atkinson so per-

f~ctly stated when arguing his 
case, "Something must be done." 

SEATING -

The UCSD Guardian 

Con: 
These (Psts are integral in 
determing ability 
contInMed frOlll ..... 4 
petition within a high school can 
differ greatly from one school to 
another. An "N grade in mathe-
matics at one high school may not 
necessarily correlate to an "N at 
another. Maybe it could be just a 
"C" at another school. 

Ultimately, the way of measur-
ing schools' curricula, and subse-
quently what a student has 
learned, varies greatly from high 
school to high school. Students 
who have worked very hard to get 
an "A" at extremely difficult 
schools have their accomplish-
ments belittled when they are 
considered the same as other stu-
dents who received an "N at less 
demanding schools. Considera-
tion of the SAT [ thus becomes a 
steady way of evaluating students 
from different schools. 

Not only would students fre-
quently be cheated out of their 
achievements without the SAT [, 
but the process to evaluate an 
applicant at a UC school would 
become disastrously arduous. 
Michael Cowan, chairman of the 
UC Academic Senate, explained in 
a "Time" magazine interview that 
changing the admissions proce-
dure to not use the SAT [ may 
require a 100 percent increase in 
the admissions budget. 

By not having the common 
yardstick to measure students, 
universities must spend more 
time and money to effectively 
evaluate each applicant so they 
can make an objective decision 
when they admit students. This 
equates to resources that the 
tightly budgeted UC institution 
does not have. The SAT [ thus 
takes the role of a test that fairly 
and cheaply measures all stu-

dents ' capabilities. 
Many proponents of the bat-

tle against the SAT I have argued 
that the exam does not accurate-
ly test the abi lity of students. 
When students do poorly on the 
exam, they say it's generally 
because they cannot compre-
hend what to study or what 
points they need to improve on. 
The SAT I seems like an enigma 
that students spend too much 
time trying to decipher. Students 
who are able to memorize words 
and analogies seem to de we ll on 
the test. Atkinson's supporters 
say the test does not show what 

This equates to resources 
that the tightly budgeted 
UC institution does not 
have. The SAT I thus 
takes the role of a test 
that fairly and cheaply 
measures all students' 
capabilities. 
each student has learned. 

However, the SAT I is a tool to 
measure the intellect of students 
in two subjects: math and English . 
Math and English are two of the 
most common subjects studied in 
high school. Thus it is only logical 
that students be tested on these 
subjects on the SAT I. 

Fundamental mathematics 
topics up to geometry are tested 
on the math section. 

[n the English portion, vocab-
ulary and reading comprehen-
sion are the main components. 
This is the backbone to the lan-
guage of our nation . Thus, the 
test is quite logical and fair in 
keeping a standard for all stu-
dents to be tested. Students who 
have to study for the SAT [ and 
memorize seemingly unneces-

OPINION 7 

sary information just show that 
the educational curriculum of 
public high schools needs to be 
changed, not the SAT I. 

Others argue that the removal 
of the SAT I will lead to an 
increase in diversity and minority 
admissions into the UC system. 
After the ban on affirmative 
action in 1995, minority admis-
sions (of Latinos and African-
Americans) decreased in the UC 
system. Furthermore, African-
Americans scored an average of 
198 points less on the SAT I than 
their white counterparts. Thus, it 
seems that removing the test 
would level the playing field . 

However, curren t statistics 
show that minority admissions are 
only 1 percent lower than the level 
in 1995, before the removal of 
affirmative action, according to 
"Newsweek" reports. Thus. it is 
not the test that holds back 
minority students, but other 
issues. The school systems of 
minority neighborhoods need to 
be targeted to offer education to 
enable students to do well on the 
exam. By having a solid base of 
education, students who take the 
test are able to exhibit their strong 
learning capabilities. 

Ultimately, the SAT I is a great 
assel that students can usc to 
bolster their resume when apply-
ing to schools. At Harvard, 
arguably the nation 's most selec-
tive school, William Fitzsimmons, 
the dean of admissions, said they 
will keep the SAT I because they 
"want students to have as many 
chances as possible to demon-
strate whatever it is they've done 
well." 

The SAT I is an opportunity 
for students to show they are, in 
fact, good students. Students must 
realize that the SAT I is an exam, 
although frightful and loathed, 
that can help them show their 
strengths and come out on top in 
this dog-eat-dog world. 

The "hottest" spring classes! 

Cutt Film! THGE 11: Wise Guys, Wackos, and Raging 
Bulls: The Films of Robert De Niro. Examine the over-
the-top performances of one of our Illost intense sacen actors 
in full screenings of ten of his award-wi nning film s. The dass 
will also feature dips of Illost of his more than 70 films, d lt ing 
back to 1963, as well as documentary behind·the-scenes 
fcxltage and interviews. Roll will be taken. Mon, 1:25-4:25PM, 
Price Center Theatre. 

Theatre! THGE 1: Introduction to Theatre. Why Ihc;lIrd 
Find out by taking Intm to Thl'alre, THGE I. Mon & Wed, 
1:25-2:15PM (AND SECTION), Center 113. 

Get Involved! This .e, if'S of .-111551'S is lit-siglll'd Jilr sIlI/lellls 
,..110 alwllys IVlI l/led 10 exploTt, 1111' variolls IITI.< O/ I/wllin' VIII 
lIewr IIad 1/'" opporlllllily for !ilTlllll ltrllillill!? 

Acting! THAC,1: Introduction to Acting. lump in and 
get your feet wet! Through a varicly of exercises and improvi-
sations, we will explore Ihe im.lginalion as Ihe actm's primary 
resource and hre.lk down Ihe barrier. Ihal inhihilaealivitv. 
See schedule for days, times, and locations (lots 'of 
choices!). No Prerequisites. 
Dance! Take a break frum thoM: tediulI' Jc..:ture .:lasses, be 
(rea tive. td kc a d.lncc dd" ! Wc've gol d,,>,t'S in dlllcvcb of 
Modern. laa. 1I"lIcl. cI",sc' in Lalil1 d"n(c. Afric.lIl. d""cs in 
choreography. hi~tury and I'crforrndl1cc da»c> too! YOllr mind 
,lIld hody willilldnk you! See schedule for days, times, 
and locations (lots of choices!). No Prerequisites. 

Getting Your Start! UCSU Theatre and Uan(~ .tllltll· 
nus Henicio Del Tom was re(cnlly named "Hut Iklm of 
Ihe Moment" hy The New York Till/es. Thc Golden 

''' ''[lnf'-w,n ning star of The Plrt/lle. Traf)ir and SII(/I(II 
talked ahoul gelling hi tMt in an acting .-lass at 
UCSU: "I discuvered th,lt there is ,I science tu it. that if's 
not just luck ,md good looks: 



8 OPINION The UCSD Guardian 

THINKING OF MOVING OFF-CAMPUS.? 
HERE'S A STUDENT THAT DID .•. 

NHello, my name is Brandon Foster, a 2nd year 
student at Warren. I realized I needed to start hunting 
around (or a place to live, so I gave TOBIN a call. In 
short, Tobin hooked me up! After I had found a place 
that I liked, he fought off other bidders until the place 
was ours. Tobin helped me every step of the way. He 
came to my apartment and took the forms and 
delivered them to the appropriate places for me. So 
now I have this property, but I won't even need it 
until next year-not a problem! Tobin found renters 
immediately. The condo will be paying for itself until 
I am ready to move in. He is simply the best!" 
- Brandon Foster, brfoster tpucsd.edu 

TOB IN 
One of UCSD's finest 

of the Year 
Nominee! 

You can: • Rent the extra rooms to your friends ... HOME PRICES CONTINUE TO INCREASE ••• 
HAVE YOUR PARENTS CALL NOW. DON'T 

WASTE YOUR MONEY PAYING RENT! 

• Use the rent money to pay for the mortgage ... 
• You live in the condo for FREE, and .. . 
• ... your parents can write off the interest on the mortgage! 

COLDWeu. 
BAN~eRa 

ASSOCIATES 
REALTY 

9988 Hilbert Streel, Ste t OO. San OtegO, CA 92131 
Each olllee IS Independently owned and operated 

iMac 

. ... 

~ 

$749 
was $799.00 
350MHz 

~rPCG3 
51 m< L2 cache 
64MBSDRAM 
7GB Ultra ATA drive 
(1 3.8-inch VIS) 

PowerMacG4 

$1499 
was $1690.00 
400MHz 
17" Apple Studio Display 

Here's a way to pay for hOUSing that is also an investment! Call Tobin today at 

(858)637-.0609 (voice mail) (858)621-5279 (office) 
e-mail:Finestrealtor@hotmail.com 

iMacDV iMacDV+ 

$799 $949 
was $899.00 was $1049.00 
4OOM.IU 450MHz 
PowaPCG3 PowciPCG3 
51iKLlcache 511K LI cache 
64M8SDRAM 64MBSDRAM 
10GB Ultra ATA drM 10GB Ultra ATA drM 
(D-ROM DYD-ROM wJDVl).VIdeo 

PowerMacG4 Powcrlook G3 

$1999 $1599 
was $1119.00 w.$1879.00 
Dual450MHz 40GMHz 
17" Apple Stuclo DIsplay 

.. UCSD Bookstore • bookstore.ucsd.edu/Computer.html • 858.534.4291 

While Supplies Last 

Monday, March 5, 2001 

Bushlsms: 
Bush should mind what he 
slo/s a bit more 
..... ..... rro. ..... 
administration's position, which is 
that it likes everyone. In case our 
neighbors up north were having 
doubts. Bush tried to make clear 
that we want to be friends with 
Canada: "I confirmed to the prime 
minister that we appreciate our 
friendship." I'm sure Prime Minister 
Jean Chretien is grateful that Bush 
likes being friends with himself. 

Defense has also become a key 
issue in the agenda. of his new 
administration. Bush would like to 
have "a ballistic defense system so 
that we can make the world more 
peaceful, and at the same time I 
want to reduce our own nuclear 
capacities to the level commiserate 
with keeping the peace .. " I looked 
"commiserate" up in the dictionary 
and I don't think Bush's objective 
was to feel the peace. 

Bush has also become interest-
ed in discontinuing the U.S. partic-
ipation in NATO. Using one of his 
more well-thought sentences, he 
unsuccessfully explained the task 
of removing the country from 
NATO: "Redefining the' role of the 
United States from enablers to 
keep the peace to enablers to keep 
the peace from peacekeepers is 
going to be an assignment." So we 
have to enable ourselves to keep 
the peace as well as keeping the 
peace from the peacekeepers. And 
what percentage of the United 
States understood that sentence? 
Yeah, two of us. And neither of 
them was you, Dubya. If those con-
trolling you wanted to advocate the 
United States leaving NATO, why 
not just say that, instead of tripping 
over yourself more than once in 
the same sentence? 

Mr. Eloquent has been hard at 
work formulating his positions on 
domestic issues. We are all aware of 
California's current ongoing power 
shortage. Well Bush, the scientist 
that he is, has discovered why we're 
having such difficulties in the 
Golden State. "The California 
crunch really is the result of not 
enough power-generating plants, 
and then not enough power to 
power the power of generating 
plants." So our problem is, accord-
ing to that mess of a sentence, that 
we do not have enough power to 
power our power plants. Oh. Right. 
I'll leave that one alone. 

In the past month, Bush has 
created the new White House 
Office for Faith-Based I~itiatives. 
Let's recollect what the objective of 
this office is before I allow Bush to 
further embarrass himself. Essen-
tially, this office is charged with the 
distribution of funds to charities 
run by churches. 

All right, I'll let Dubya take over. 
Bush wants to reassure all of us 
that although he has "heard a lot of 
discussion about a faith-based ini-
tiative eroding the important 
bridge between church and state," 
this won't happen. So, Georgey, 
explain to me how doling out 
money to religious organizations is 
dangerous to the bond of church 
and state. First of all, unofficially we 
are not supposed to have that 
important bridge between church 
and state here in the United States. 
Secondly. your office will reinforce 
it instead of destroying it. 

The next four years -will sure be 
interesting. We will be entering new 
territory in the sense that when our 
president represents us interna-
tionally, he will be conversing with 
non-English-speaking leaders who 
know how to speak his native lan-
guage better than he does. 

I would like to leave off with one 
of my current favorite Bushisms. 
When <IS ked about his appoint-
ment of Linda Chavez as labor sec-
retary, Dubya displayed his n'ormal 
muddled state: "I would have to ask 
the questioner. I haven't had a 
chance to ask the questioners the 
question they've been question-
Ing." Well done. 

Monday. March 5. 2001 :me UCSD Guardian NEWS 9 

Muir Organizing Board to . 
Raffle Parking Space 

You're Only Old Once ... 

Funds from reserved spot contest will go to 
fund UCSD newest concert Muirstock 
By MAIIGAIID O'NEIU 
Staff Writer 

Starting today, Muir Organizing 
Board will sell raffle tickets on 
Library Walk for a chance to win a 
reserved parking spot anywhere on 
campus. Tickets will be available for 
$1 apiece until Friday, March 16. 
Special deals will be available for 
students and staff members pur-
chasing a large number of tickets. 
Those prices will be advertised at 
the booth on Library Walk. 

The.drawing will be held at 3:30 
p.m. March 16 in Muir Quad. 

The booth will be on Library 
Walk from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. 
Monday through Friday for these 
next two weekS. 

for students who' currently have a 
problem dealing with the great 
parking crunch," Cole said. 

M.O.B. has been working with 
Parking and Transportation 
Services since fall quarter to obtain 
the reserved spot for the raffle. 
M.O.B. member Brendan Nelson 
negotiated with Parking and 
Transportation Services Customer 
Service Coordinator Cleo Phillips to 
purchase the spot. 

"As a student organization, we'd 
be able to get the parking permit for 
one quarter and it would be charged 
to M.Q.S.," Nelson said. 

"Apparently, Parking and 

The raffle is a fund-raiser for 
Muirstock, an all-campus festival 
sponsored' by Muir College 
Council, which will be held in Muir 
Quad on Friday, April 20. 

Transportation Services leaves a 
number of parking spaces for 
groups to reserve," said co-chair of 
Muirstock, M.O.B. and MCC mem-
ber Ben Epperson. 

The musical performances in 
two-stage festival for which the raf-
fle is raising money will begin at 
4:20 p.m. in the Muir Quad. Local 
bands, including Thrice, Taken, NZ 
Rough, Sometimes Y and 34 Below 
are on the ticket, with Common 
Sense headlining. The headliner is 
scheduled to take the stage at 8 p.m. 

David Pilz/ Guardian 

....., ......, Dr. Seal: A gigantic Cat in the Hat soared above Library Walk in front of Geisel Library Wed/lesday at a 
birthday celebration for Therxiore Geisel, a.k.a. Dr. Seuss, the TUI1TU!Sake of UCSO's library. 

The winner of the raffle will 
meet 'with Parking and 
'Transportation Services to choose 
where to place his reserved spot 
The permit awarded can also be 
used in "A," "B" and ·S" spots any-
where ()n campus. 

"Basicany it's an omnipermit. 
and you get your own parking 
spot," said M.O.B chair Jonathan 
Cole. "You can place it anywhere 
around campus except for handicap 
and metered spots." 

The permit will be good for 
spring quarter 2001 . The winner will 
also be reimbursed for the money he 
has already paid for parking for the 
quarter. which comes out to $114 
for students with US" passes. 

"This will be a great opportunity 

"There's going to be ... enter-
tainment other than bands, also." 
Cole said. 

The festival, beginning at 2 p.m., 
will feature a "dueling DJs" perfor-
mance by the OJs and Vinylphiles 
Club. a vendor fair, an inflatable 
obstacle course. free food and 
booths sponsored by local · radio 
stations. The DJ competition will 
occur in the hour preceding the 
bands' performances. MCC is look-
ing for outside DJs to participate in 
the event. 

Classe&: 
10-minute break would 
allow for more classes 
CI n 11Ia-,...1 
has become a conflict, however. 
since classrooms and lecture halls 
are already stretched to maximum 
usage between the hours of 8 a.m. 
and 5 p.m. 

"We're just faced with a major 
problem." Watson said. "Our 
enrollments have gone up, our 
classrooms have not kept pace 
with the enrollment growth and 
as a result we can't get classes 
within the traditional or preferred 
r---------------------------------------~ 

Is California illegally charging 
out-of-state tuition to 
some of its residents? 

In some cases, yes, contends a lawsuit recently filed in the 
State of California. 

"a..~ being patently 
unoonatttutloNlI, C . llfom .. •• 
economy I. thriving on the 

1m.l1ectu. 1 rw.ource. 
produced by the &tete •• 
excellent colleges . nd 

unIv-m-. If etudente that 
8ttend our _haoI. etey 
heN, help the economy 

g row. become hlgh w.ge 
_mer. . nd PIIY tex_, why 
would _ w ant to chllrge 

them h igher tuition? 
If Idde from other stetee 
cen ~ the tough e ntry 

requlrernente. then _ 
. houId _Ioome them; 

It only rnek_ good 
ftnenc .. 1 .-nee." 

SlIJAAT EPPSTEINER. PlAINTlFF'S ATIOANEY 

The suit alleges that California illegally discriminates 
against new state residents by charging them 
higher tuition than other state residents. 
The United States Supreme Court in 1973 declared 
unconstitutional a Connecticut law, similar to 
California's Education Code, whose effect was to 
prevent students that started the University of 
Connecticut as citizens of another state, from being 
allowed to pay "in state" tuition despite becoming 
Connecticut citizens during their attendance 
at that university. 
California's Education Code has the same effect -
requiring three year financial independence for new 
citizens - which effectively prohibits new citizens 
from qualifying for the lower tuition charged to other 
California citizens. This essentially violates the 
California and U.S. Constitution, each of which 
prohibit California from giving any person, once a 
citizen, more or less rights than any other citizens. 

Are you a resident ot California 
but stili paying "out-ot-state" tultlon~ 

If so, contact our offices to find out how to protect yourself under the law, 
and stop paying unfair and unconstitutional fees to attend school. Visit our 
web site to find out more, W'f/W.eppstelner.com/hastings/hastings.htm. 
Call Eppsteiner & Associates today, toll free, 
1.877.480.1500 
or email us. stuarteppsteiner@eppsteiner.com 

~PP"E1 fR &. A"OCI\H • 201 lO"A~ A~T' FE · 'UllE 400 
~Ol'A SUCH. C-\ 02075 ' TEl 58.150 .1500 

FIX seS .liO.1 501· rUARTHP~l E1~ER la EPP>TU~ER.(:O" 
WWW.fPP'iTU'lj£R.c.:O.,\ /ItASTI/"J(i",/u,\sri"GS.Hl \.1 

times of the day. and we'll have to 
spread the day out." 

One solution being discussed 
within the administration is the 
possibility of shortening the inter-
val between classes on Mondays, 
Wednesdays and Fridays from 15 
to 10 minutes. Classes would then 
start on the hour every hour. 

If implemented, the first class 
of the day would start at 8 a.m. 
and end at 8:50 a.m. Students 
would have 10 minutes to get to 
their next class. which would start 
at 9 a.m. This cycle would repeat 
throughout the rest of the day, 
freeing up about 50 minutes, 
which administrators would use 
to sq ueeze in an extra class for 

every classroom or lecture hall . 
Other solutions on the table 

for discussion include scheduling 
classes in the evenings, starting 
classes at 7:30 a.m. and even the 
possibility of holding classes on 
Saturday. 

Some administrators claim that 
the 10-minute proposal, however, 
would create various scheduling 
benefits for the university. 

First, under the 10-minute 
proposal, additional classes would 
not have to be scheduled either 
late at night or early in the morn -
ing. a move the administration 
fears would be unpopular with 

See CLASSES, Page 10 

of MTV's Loveline, ABC's 
The Drew Carey Show and 

The Job will be signing copies 
of her book "The Girl Code" 

Monday March 5th from 
noon to 1:30pm at the 

UCSD Bookstore 

Epp TEll 'ER & ASSOCIATE~ 
I UCSD Bookstore · 858.534.3149 



10 NEWS The UCSD Guardian Monday, March 5, 2001 

~D & NATION 
Navy Panel to Decide if Charges are Due in Case 

HONOLULU - In a utilitari-
an courtroom at Pearl Harbor, 
three admirals from the United 
States and one from Japan will 
open a formal court of inquiry on 
Monday, focused, officials said, on 
a seemingly inexplicable break-
down of communication between 
officers and sonar operators on 
the submarine Greeneville in the 
minutes before it collided with.a 
Japanese vessel on Feb. 9. 

For 71 minutes that day, the 
Greeneville's sonar tracked the 

• sh ip. a fisheries training vessel 
called the Ehime Maru, but the 
submarine's captain. Cmdr. Scott 
D. Waddle, has told naval investi-
gators that he was not informed of 
its location as he prepared to sur-

Crash: 
The plane crashed on 
Saturday morning 
Continued from ..... 1 
stormed the area in a convoy of 
Humvees and all-terrain vehicles. 

It was still slow going. A 
spokesman for the National 
Guard Bureau, a coordinating 
group for the state-directed 

ational Guard units, said he 
could not es timate how long 
the recovery operation would 
ta'ke. 

"It's a muddy. slippery site." 
said Maj . Randal D. Noller. the 
spokesman. "We certainly don't 
want that to cause more acci-
den ts on top of the tragedy 
we 've already had . They're 
putting safety ahead of speed." 

The plane. a C-23 Sherpa 
assigned to the 171 st Aviation 
Battalion of the Army National 
Guard in Lakeland, Fla ., 
crashed about 10 a.m . 
Saturday, about an hour after 
taking off from Hurlburt Field 
near Fort Walton Beach, Fla. It 
was headed to Oceana Naval 
Air Station, Va., to drop off 18 
Vi rginia Air National 
Guardsmen who had been par-
ticipating in a two-week con-
struction and engineering 
exercise in Florida. 

The other three victims were 
Army crew members stationed 
in Florida. 

The guardsmen, all male, 
included war veterans from the 
Persian Gulf and Vietnam, offi-
cials said. 

Military spokesmen have 
declined to speculate on the 
cause of the crash, though they 
acknowledged Saturday'S heavy 
rains and winds were obvious 
suspects. 

- Kevin Sack 
The New York Times 

Classes: 
New plan faces opposition 
from same students 
ContInued from ..... t 
both students and faculty. 

Second, the 10-minute pro-
posal can be implemented rela-
tively quickly, responding to the 
current and increasing demand 
for classroom and lecture halls 
needed for additional classes. 

Third, the 10-minute proposal 
is cost efficient. While the logical 
solution is to simply build more 
classrooms and lecture halls, fund-

face abruptly and that he did not 
see it when he swept the horizon 
through the periscope, the officials 
said. The question before the 
admirals is whether he should 
have known to look for the vessel. 

An important sonar display in 
the Greeneville's control room -
showing data gathered in the sep-
arate sonar room nearby - was 
not functioning on the day of the 
accident, officials have said, but it 
was not clear whether Waddle and 
two other officers did anything to 
compensate for that . 

A junior crewman told investi-
gators with the National 
Transportation Safety Board that 
he stopped plotting the location of 
ships in the area on a large paper 

chart that the officers would have 
been able to see, because the con-
trol room was crowded with 16 
civilians, aboard that day for a dis-
play of one of the Navy's premier 
submarines. 

That left only the submarine's 
fire-control system to display the 
sonar tracks, and a preliminary 
naval investigation concluded that 
the presence of the civilians 
blocked Waddle's and the other 
two officers' view as they ordered 
the Greeneville to surface in a 
maneuver known as an emergency 
main ballast blow, the officials 
said. 

Waddle 's civilian lawyer, 
Charles W. Gittins, said Sunday 
that his client accepted personal 

responsibility for the accident. But 
previewing what is likely to be the 
commander's defense, Gittins said 
that a series of "honest mistakes" 
caused the accident and that those 
did not warrant criminal charges. 

The court of inquiry that 
begins at the Pearl Harbor Naval 
Station on Monday has been 
charged with determining "any 
fault, neglect or responsibility" for 
the collision, which sank the 
Ehime Maru within minutes, pro-
ducing an emotional outcry in 
Japan that has roiled relations with 
one of the United States' closest 
allies. 

- Steven Lee Myers 
The New York Times 

Access to Drugs Questioned in Africa 
JOHANNESBURG, South 

Africa - The international phar-
maceutical companies challenging 
a South African law aimed at eas-
ing access to AIDS drugs will , as 
the case opens this week, confront 
a nation devastated by HIV and a 
world increasingly impatient with 
industry pledges to help its poor-
est victims. 

In its lawsuit, filed three years 
ago, the Pharmaceutical 
Manufacturers Association of 
South Africa contends that the 
drug law would destroy patent pro-
tections by giving the health minis-
ter overly broad powers to pro-
duce, or import more cheaply, ver-
sions of drugs still under patent. 

The association, which repre-
sents local companies and local 
subsidiaries of the major multina-

tionals such as Glaxo-SmithKline 
and Merck, argues that current 
trade law already allows a country, 
effectively, to seize a patent for 
compelling reason. 

South Africa, which has more 
HIV-positive people than any 
other country, counters that seiz-
ing patents may send the wrong 
message about the country's trade 
practices and that, in any case, the 
industry'S unresponsiveness made 
it clear that a firmer hand is war-
ranted. 

While arguments in the trial in 
the Pretoria High Court will cen-
ter on the legal intricacies of in tel-
lectual rroperty rights and inter-
nationa trade, the resonance of 
the case promises to reach far 
beyond. 

A global human rights cam-

paign to bring drug prices down 
has been building in recent years 
so that developing countries can 
improve access to the life-pro-
longing drugs that have made 
AIDS a manageable chronic dis-
ease in rich nations. A victory in 
court, while legally binding only 
in South Africa, would help their 

. cause around the world. 
"I think we all know here today 

that this is not about South 
Africa," said Belinda Coote, 
southern Africa director for 
Oxfam, the Britain-based aid 
organization. "This is the pharma-
ceutical companies belligerently 
and aggressively defending their 
monopolies around the world." 

- Henri E. Cauvin 
The New York Times 

Car Bomb at IBC is Blamed on IRA 
LONDON - A car bomb 

exploded early Sunday outside the 
television headquarters of the 
BBC, sending a huge orange ball 
of fire into the sky above West 
London, destroying the building's 
glass and metal entrance, smash-
ing windows and cracking walls in 
nearby houses. 

Only one person was hurt, a 
subway worker who suffered 
facial cuts and was treated at the 
scene. 

The police attributed the blast 
to the Real IRA, a breakaway 
group from the Irish Republican 
Army 'that opposes the Northern 
Ireland peace settlement. 

The police had evacuated the 
building minutes before the 
explosion, which came at 12:30 
a.m., after coded telephone calls 
were made to a hospital and an 
unidentified charity. The police 
said the code word was one used 

ing from the state for such projects 
will not come easily. Therefore, 
supporters of the 10-minute plan 
point out that using the existing 
classrooms and lecture halls more 
efficiently provides a solution that 
bypasses any financial obstacles 
imposed by the state. 

Several years ago, UCSD oper-
ated under a 10-minute interval 
between classes. The change to 15-
mintne 'breaks was thought to pro-
vide students with several benefits. 

"It was done for a number of 
reasons," Watson said. "One, it 
gave students a little more time, so 
they wouldn't have to either leave 
early from a class or come in late 

previously by the Real IRA, which 
has staged other attacks in 
London. 

Broadcasting continued unin-
terrupted, though recorded 
shows replaced some live pro-
gramming. 

The bomb was hidden in a taxi 
parked by a bus stop at the 
entrance to the BBC Television 
Center in West London. Alan Fry, 
head of Scotland Yard's anti-ter-
rorist branch, said the car had 
been bought Saturday morning by 
a man in his 30s with a Northern 
Irish accent. The warnings had 
not specified when the bomb 
would go off, and it exploded as a 
police robot was attempting to set 
off a controlled blast. 

Fry said the bomb contained 
up to 20 pounds of high explosive 
and was aimed at drawing atten-
tion to the group's campaign to 
rid Northern [reland of the 

to a class. Also, it provided some 
extra time for students to speak to 
faculty members outside of class." 

Shortening the breaks between 
classes has provoked some concern 
among the administration. The 
growing size of the campus, for 
instance, has led many to believe 
that 10 minutes is simply not 
enough time to traverse from one 
end of the campus to the other. 

Specifically, the walk between 
York Hall and Warren Lecture Hall 
raises significant concern. For 
many students, this walk takes 
longer than 15 minutes. Students 
who have a class at York Hall fol -
lowed by a class at Warren Lecture 

British. The mainstream Irish 
Republican Army has observed a 
cease-fire for more than four 
years and its political wing, Sinn 
Fein, is a participant in the peace 
accord. 

"This is an organization that 
seeks publicity, and where better 
than the BBC offices?" Fry said. 
The bombers did indeed achieve 
publicity in dramatic fashion : 
Network cameras filmed the 
explosion and television channels 
broadcast it repeatedly through-
out the day. 

There was also speculation 
that the group had attacked the 
BBC because of an award-winning 
program the network ran on the 
Real IRA's bombing of Omagh, in 
Ulster, in August 1998, which 
killed 29 people and injured 370. 

- Warren Hoge 
The New York Ttmes 

Hall will inevitably be late for class. 
The administration is anticipat-

ing some opposition from students. 
"[ think that the administration 

should look at other options before 
doing that," said Katie Martin, a 
Roosevelt sophomore. "[t really 
takes a lot longer than 10 minutes 
to walk all the way across campus." 

Nonetheless, the university is 
facing real problems that warrant 
an immediate solution. The 
administration acknowledges that 
reverting back to a 10-minute 
break may not be popular among 
students and faculty members, 
but it may b~ the best solution in 
light of the demand for additional 

Taiwan: 
The bureaucrcu;y is still 
loyal to the party 

by the Nationalists, the bureaucra-
cy still loyal ' to that party, and 
China courting Nationalist leaders 
to the exclusion of the: president, 
Chen has become an isolated, inef-
fectual figure. 

Hu Chong-shinn, an informal 
adviser to Chen, recently published 
a book assessing the first year of 
the Chen presidency. While not 
quite a political obituary, the book 
lays out a litany of failures. 

Meanwhile, despite portraying 
himself as Taiwan's equivalent of 
Richard M. Nixon - an anti-
Communist who could break the 
deadlock with China - Chen, 50, 
has made no headway ~ith Beijing. 

"When mainland China wants 
to negotiate, they should negotiate 
with those people in power and not 
people in the opposition or in busi-
ness circles,· Prime Minister Chang 
Chun-hsiung said. 

Chiang said the president had 
been destined to have a turbulent 
first year, given his messy victory. 
He was elected with 39 percent of 
the vote, in a three-way race against 
a fractured Nationalist Party. The 
Nationalists kept 117 of the 225 
seats in the le~islatllre, leaving 
Chen's party a minority. 

That could change after legisla-
tive elections set for December. 

Analysts expect the Nationalists 
to lose several seats, while Chen's 
party picks up a few. But the biggest 
gains are likely to go to a new party 
formed by James Soong, a former 
Nationalist who ran for president as 
an independent last year and fin-
ished a close second to Chen. 

Soong is expected to form an 
alliance with the Nationalists, which 
will leave the president's party in the 
minority. The Nationalists already 
plan to demand that Ch.en appoint a 
prime minister from the opposition 
after the vote. 

On relations with Beijing, for 
example, Chen has tried to take a 
more ambiguous stance than that 
of his formally pro-independence 
party, extending olive branches to 
the mainland while not budging 
from a refusal to accept the ·one 
China" principle before negotia-
tions start. 

Many experts believe the win-
dow for resuming talks will close 
by this summer, when Taiwan ~ears 
up for its elections and Chinese 
leaders jockey in advance of a 
Communist Party congress in 
2002. With the diplomatic lines 
crossed, experts said that Chen 
would probably focus his energy 
on the one issue that may have 
done most to get him elected: cor-
ruption within Taiwan. 

- Mark Landler 
1 he New York Trmes 

classroom and lecture-hall space. 
"One of the things we must try 

to do is work this out in a collec-
tive fashion," Watson said. ·One 
of our rol~ is to try to present to 
the faculty and students what's 
needed, what classes need to be 
taught, how to schedule them and 
then what's the best way." 

Discussion and extensive con-
sultation will continue on in the 
future before any new policies are 
implemented. 

The professors and students 
who comprise the Academic 
Senate will make the final deci-
sion, which may not take place 
until January of 2002. 

Monday, March 5, 2001 

Accident: 
Eber had recently returned 
from Semester at Sea 
ContInued from ..... 1 
fraternity, Sigma Alpha Mu. Muir 
Dean Chips Dreilinger also spoke 
fondly of Eber. 

"He loved his college and he 
loved having fun,' Dreilinger said. 
"He was a good kid. This is a bad 
quarter. This has been the second 
student death in a month or so." 

Dreilinger was referring to the 
death of Revelle freshman Gilbert 
F.D. Nunez on Feb. 10. The series 

rtl 1 

of tragedies, including the deaths 
of UC Santa Barbara students 
killed by a driver in Isla Vista , have 
come as a great shock to many stu-
dents. Psychological Services was 
present at the Eber memorial to 
offer support and options for those 
who needed to talk. 

"I want to let you know that you 
have support through 
Psychological Services," said Dr. 
Sam Park. 

Ellen Kin spoke of the individu-
alized need for grief. 

"Our support groups allow stu-
dents to grieve in different ways," 
Kin said. "Some need to. talk. 
Others need more time. Some are 

The UCSD Guardian 

angry. Others are sad. Especially 
after recent tragedies, we need to be 
there for each other.' 

The night continued on a 
somber tone, as students met with 
each other to discuss the loss of 
their frie nd and loved one. 

Others told stories of things 
that Eber had done. Chip Hatch, 
husband of Nancy Hatch of 
Interdisciplinary Studies, played a 
Scottish bagpipe piece, "By the 
Water's Edge." 

Hatch saw a particular connec-
tion to the piece's title and Eber's 
life. Eber had just returned from 
Semester at Sea through the 
Programs Abroad Office. Muir 

i!Ji') 

Resident Dean Pat Danylyshyn-
Adams remembered Eber express-
ing great excitement about going 
abroad. 

"I was very excited he got to 
havc a Semester at Sea," Adams 
said. "It is something he had talked 
about for a long time. He had to 
delay going once, but he finally got 
to go. [ am really happy for him." 

Speculation over the reason for 
the crash yields only more ques-
tions. It was raining heavily on 
Monday evening, which may have 
played a part in the crash. 

Eber was an insulin-dependent 
diabetic who took medication sev-
eral times a day. Without the 

STORE NEAREST CAMPUS: In Cloiremont ot Cloiremont Sq. Shopping Center, Cloiremont Blvd . & Cloiremont /ll\eso Dr. 

NEWS 11 

insulin, Eber could have lapsed 
into a diabetic coma, while too 
much insulin can also send diabet-
ics into insulin shock. 

KUSI news reporter John 
Soderman. who was at the scene of 
the accident earlier on Thursday, 
noted, "He died in the act of being 
a good son." 

Kin, Park and Dr. Reina Juarez 
of Psychological Services are avail-
able for individual appointments 
for any reason. Their number is 
(858) 534-3755. The group also 
holds a grief group Thursdays at 2 
p.m. with Nancy Wahlig of the 
Student Safety Awareness pro-
gr.lm. 



12 CALENDAR 

ACTlvmes 
1;;''''/'''1 --- It"rt 6 

• Lovellne, 7pm @ RIMAC Just 
like the show on the radio, and 
MTV, you can get answers. 
UCSD students $5, General 
admission $1 0 

71 k, It,,,;' 7 
• Hate Crimes Panel, 6-Spm @ 
SBILA Room in Price Center 
What IS hate? Is hate a crime? 
Why Is there even such a thing 
as hate cnme legislation? 
Come leam the history sur-
rounding the passage of hate 
crime laws and their current 
place in society 
• CWO Free Movie, "The Long 
Walk Home· , 7 30pm @ Center 
Hall 216 

/"/,, "ff '/ If,ur/. 
• Men's Tennis vs Boston 
College, 3pm @ Muir Tennis 
Courts come watch UCSD's 
men's tennis in an exciting 
match against Boston College. 
From more Info e-mail estel-
dlm@ucsdedu 

,->1" ... ,/,,'1 r It,,..t ,/ 
• Casino Night Sponsored by 
Pepper Canyon Programming 
Board, 7pm-12am @ the Price 
Center Ballroom. Saddle up 
and come join the fun at the 
Gold Rushl 

(>"''/-£' '''1 
• zOOM@UCSD; SRTV new 
show every Monday, 9pm. 
Oorm cable, ch 18. 
Broadcasting all the news that 
lits on the screen, 
zOOM@UCSD focuses the 
lens on every aspect of cam-
pus I~e you can shake a mlc 
at. 
• ASIAN AMERICAN COMMU-
NITY FORUM: This informal 
group addresses Asian stu-
dlents concems In a supportive 
and problem-solving atmos-
phere. Possible topics Includle 
acadlemlc success, family pres-
sures, cuHurallden~ty, and 
relationships. Led by Dr. 
Jeanne Manese 534-3035 and 
Dr. John Wu. Fridays 12-
1 :3Opm at the Cross CuHural 
Center, 510 Univ. CIr. 
Psychological and Counseling 
Services. 
• Need living essentials, 
Clothes, shoes? Find this and 
much much more at the Vendor 
Fair for affordable pricesl Jan 
22-Jan 26 from 9-5pm on 
Library Walk. 
• Help organize the RAZA Grad 
Ceremony. 7-9:3Opm every 
Thursday @ the CCC. 
• Are you having problems wnh 
your landlord? 00 you have 
questions about a lease or 
rental deposn? Come to 
Studlent Legal Services weekly 
LandlordlTenant Workshop. 
Monday at 10:3Oam and 
Thursday It 2:00, Studlent 
Center Building B. Give us a 
call for more info. 534.4374 

/;;'~/'I'I' ,... llunf, f,' 
• Stop the Free Tradle Area of 

the Americes. 5pm 0 the 
Cross Cultural Center Lecture 
Hall. A teach-in about the FTAA 
and It's Impact on the struggles 
for workers, indigenous, and 
Immigrant rights. 

r'fl,"'J(/"//, r,({".,rt ,I' 
• MFA film screening, "The 
Cairo Chronicles; Spm 0 the 
Women's Center. Jotn us In 
watching this thought-provoking 
documentary concerning a 
woman's return to Egypt In an 
homage to her father. All Ire 
welcome. 
• MEDICAL SCHOOL: WHAT 
APPLICANTS FOR 2002 
ADMISSION NEED TO KNOW, 
12:45pm 0 Career Services 
Center. Attend this Important 
sesslonl You'll learn lbout new 
online applice~ons, how to 
choose schools, what letters 
you nee<t. Get your ques~ns 
answered I 534.4939 

r-9i,uk,//, ('{(""rt .9 
• IDENTIFYING CAREER 
CHOICES, 10:30 0 Career 
Services Center. Are you 
unclear about your career 
direction? Using our new 
CHOICES 2001 software pro-
gram Int the guidance of a 
career advisor, Identify specific 
viable career options that 
match your Interests, personali-
ty, education, desired elmlngs, 
etc. Then research and com-
pare occupations to get you 
focused prontol You will get 
extensive reports 01 your top 
occupational choices. Sign up 
In Idvance In our On-Line 
Career lab. Limned space. 
534.3750 

II ;"/nr..rk"I' r It,,..t 7 
• Dar1catar's Gaming Meeting, 
7p<n 0 International Centar 
ConfettnCe Room. We'll have 
tons 01 games and funl BrIng 
your own or play with oursl 
Info: darkstarOUCld.edu. 

The UCSD Guardian 

r+fiuu/,,// , rvft,,..t ,I' 
• Darkstar's Science Fiction' 
Dinner 0 DIMiIIe's Italian 
Restaurant. Corne to the 
Darkstar offioa (In the Che Cafe 
Complex) at 6:45 for rldles or to 
check out our library, or meet 
at the restaurant at 7:30. Info: 
darkstarOucsd.edu. 

() If:!,,"':! 
• LGBTA general mMIingI. 
Every Monday 7pm. GSA room 
In Old Studlent Cntr. A .. Ie and 
friendly environment lor LGBT 
and ott.Ir people 10 1OCIa1iZ8, 
leam about events, and acceu 
resources. Everybody Is wet-
comellnfo: 534-GAYS. 
• Bellroom Dance Club. Every 
Friday 2-4p<n. Rae Gym 
Conference Room. 00 you like 
waltzes, tangos, salsa, husUe, 
or swing? Come to FRIDAY 
FUN SESSIONS and learn 
EVERYTHING. 
• International Club rMetings. 
Meet the Interna~1 studlents. 
Plan trips, outings, and hang 
out. Everyone is welcomel 
Snacks are provided. 7p<n 0 
International Cenler every 
Tuesday. 
• Cal Anlmage Beta, UCSD's 
Japanese Animation Ciub, will 
be having weekly meetings! 
showings every TUESDAY, 
7:30pm at P_son 108. 
Admission is FREE. For more 
Information, visn the 
CalAnlmage web s~e 
http://www-Ics.ucsd.eduI- anl-
mage 
• Tired of Just walcllfng people 
dance at clubs? lfa time to gel 
on the floor with the Salsa 
Dance Ck.tII Share your salsa 
moves or pick up some new 
ones. All IewIIs welcome, no 
partner necesaary: For more 
Into cont8ct Melody at 
meIodyOllarmail.com. 
Mondays, 7p<n 0 Porter's Pub. 
• UCSD RoIlIract Meetings. 
Interes1lld In community _ -
viae, professional development, 
and leadlerahlp? Then come 
Jotn the UCSD RoIlIraCl Clubl 
Hope 10 _ you thete, 5:30pm 
o the l_tIonal Center 

Conference Room. 
• M.E.Ch.A. general body 
rr.tings. 5pm every Monday 
o theCcc. 
' A~lcan~nStudient 
Union(AASU) meetings, 8-Bpm, 
Mondays 0 the Cross Cultural 
Center. Join us lor a quarter 
filled with meaningful and fun 
events thet are social, poIftIcal, 
and cultural Hke HS confer· 
ences, Black HIsIOry Month eel-
ebration and other events. For 
more Info: aasuOucsd.edu. 

rfA-,dn/l' oft,""- .9 
.' Divorce Iranian Style- Film 
Screening, 7pm 0 the 
Women's Center. Come walch 
the screening 01 this film pre-
santed by the Iranian Women 
Study Group 01 San otego. In 
Flrsl with English subtitles. For 
more Info contaCIlranlan-
womenOma~.com. 

() If "'!I 
• AEP Logo Competition, AEP 
OIIioe(University C_ 411). 
Cree .. a logo for Academic 
Enrichment Programs and you 
could win $2001 Stop by the 
office for submission require-
ments and other detailed infor-
mation. Deadline: Aprif 8, 2001 . 

(J"Y"":! 
• GRADUATE WOMEN IN SCI-
ENCE, MATH, ENGINEERING, 
SCM, AND SIO: Graduate 
women In tradftlonlly male 
dornfnaIed fIetds can '"' iaoIat-
ed. Gain support In this ttwr.py 
group. Thursdays, 12-2pm In 
2024 Human4lles and SocIIII 
ScIence Bldg. CaR Dr. Aetna 
Juarez 534-3875 or Fiona 534-
5981 lor a pre-group appoint-
ment. Psychological and 
CounaeIing SaMces. 
• UNDERGRADUATE 
WOMEN: PERSONAL EXPE· 
RIENCES IN N4 INTERPER-

Monday, March 5, 2001 

SONAL WORLD: ThIs therapy 
group wiI explore eeII..ateem, 
communication, relationships, 
gender rofes, friendships, body 
and eeIIlmage. Meetings held 
In Galbraith 190, Thursdays 4-
5:30pm, starting 1/18101 (no 
meetings on 1125 or 3/8). Call 
Fiona 534-5981 or Ellen K 534-
5905 for Information. 
Psychological and Counseling 
Services. 
• EMERGENCY CONTRACEP-
TION, annual exams, STD 
tests. pregnancy tests, birth 
control prescriptions, and 
health education-all at the 
Women's Clinic of Stuclent 

Hea~h. Call 534.8089 for appl. 
Completely confidential-
always. 
• PEER EDUCATION PRO-
GRAMS are provided by 
Student Health Advocates on 

Nutr~ion, HIV, Fitness, Stress, 
Sexual Health, and other topics 
- at your res hall or stuclent org 
meetings Call 534 2419 for 
info on these FREE programsl 
• ALCOHOL AND SUBSTANCE 
ABUSE SUPPORT GROUP: 
Ever wonder, ·00 I have a 
problem with ... ?" Come to this 
Informal g<oup to explore the 
response. Led by Dr. Dan 
Munoz 534-0251 . Fridays 2-
4:30pm at Ha" Dome Lounge, 
Muir College. Call Dan for 
Information. Psychological and 
Counaetlng Services. 
• PSYCHOLOGICAL SER-
VICES provides FREE Individ-
ual and group counseling. 
Check out our web IIiIe a1: 
_ .UCId.eduipaychserv 
• Psych Se<vioes 
Lasblarv'Bilexual Peer Group. 
00 yeo want an Intima. and 
com~ a.- 10 talk about 
problema or 1Iaues? Come 10 
the ~xual Peer 
Group. TU8ldlys 0 7pm. Call 
534-75n for Iocatlonllnlo. 

fJ ".'I""'!! 
• AngIicarVEpiscopal Student 
Association Eucharist and ~ee 
dinner, IeIowshIp alter. 
Wednesdays 2114, 2128, 3114, 
4111 , 4125, 5.'9, 5123, 8.'6. 5-
Bpm In the Inlemational Center 
Southwest Room. 
• ShIIbbIIt ServIces every . 
Friday, &pm 0 the fnternational 
Center. Come celebrate 
Shabbet UCSO style. 3 aer-
vioea and a free dinner! 
Everyone welcome. 
• Deatlnlltion 7:7, Thu .... y, 
8:15 0 eer.r H ••. You are 
liMted to explore the --. 
to diIIicuIt spiritual queationa. 
Jesus said, "All< and ~ win be 
given to you, a.k and you wi. 
lind, knock and the door wII be 
opened 10 you." 

Monday, March 5, 2001 The UCSD Guardian 

EATU 

Possessing false 
jdentification 

can sometimes 
have serious 

consequences 

w ith over half of UCSD's student population under the age of 
21 , fake idefltifi-

cation cards are used frequently to 
purchase alcohol and to get by 
security at bars and night clubs. 
Although most minors know that 
possession of alcohol and the use 
of a fa lse identity are crimes with 
heavy penalties, that doesn't stop 
the masses of liquor-hungry 
minors who successfully cheat the 
law each weekend. 

In San Diego, which is home to 
three large universities and many 
junior colleges, liquor-selling 
establishments and police officers 
are on guard for drinking and the 
use of fake IDs. Minors who use 
false identification to purchase 
alcohol should be on guard as well, 
especially at establishments close 
to university campuses, 

Both Ralphs and a local mom-

and-pop liquor stores admit that 
they urge their employees to be 
suspicious because of the volume 
of underage shoppers trying to buy 
alcohol. These establishments have 
on hand the Alcoholic Beverage 
Control identification manual , 
their "bible; said one owner. 

However, employees do not 
necessarily have training for spot-
ting false IDs. ABC officer Carl 
DeWing said that ABC does run a 
voluntary program called "Licensee 
Education on Alcohol and Drugs; 
in which they train employees and 
employers on how to spot fake IDs, 
intoxicated people and drugs. 

Most establishments, however, 
opt lIot to participate in the pro-
gram. When faced with a shopper 
who looks to be under 30, their 
guess is as good as yours. 
Employees who unknowingly sell 
alcohol to a minor usually lose 
their jobs. They can be taken to 
court and can be fined or penal-

By KATE COOK, Staff Writer 

FEATURES 13 

Laura Chao/ Guardian 

ized. 
The liquor-selling establish -

ment undrrgoes a different set of 
penalties. The 1995 ABC Three 
Strikes Law was passed in 
California due to the state legisla-
ture's rea lization that "a seriolls 
problem" with drinking among 
minors exists in the state, DeWing 
said. 

For a first offense, ABC enforces 
a 1 S-day license suspension, sub-
stitutable with a fine of 50 percent 
of an establishment's total income 
for 1 S days. For the second offense 
in a three-year period, the estab-
lishment's liquor license is sus-
pended for 2S days with no possi-
bility of a fine. The third offense is 
a revocation of the liquor license, 
the equivalant death sentence for a 
business in a majority of cases. 

While the ABC deals with the 
establishment's penalties for the 

See FAKE IDs, Page 16 



14 FEATURES The UCSD Guardian Monday, March 5, 2001 

TheEditor'sSoapbox 
By JENNIFER SPOSITO 

Questions Regarding 
Career Choices Often 
Plague College Students 

Later this week, older relatives or 
roommates may be moody and 
distant: Expect minor home ten-
sions. 

...... (May 21-June 21) 

Copy Editor 

When I was about 5 years old, I 
remember filling in some kind of 
personal survey - the precursor to 
those that inundate everyone's e-
mail in boxes nowadays - with a 
variety of questions. The questions 
were of the sort that one could 
expect a small child to be able to 
answer, relating to favori te color, 
food , animal and so on. 

The question that sticks in my 
mind is, however, "What do you 
want to be when you grow up?" I 
remember printing "a dentist" in 
clumsy capi tals that hovered 
aboy(: the line. 

My response was wholly arbi-
trary. I don't ever even recall hav-
ing any particular interest in den-
tistry. I likely fo rgot about my 
answer soon after I wrote it. 

I think about the times I've 
pondered my career path since 
then , and I realize that if I were 
asked the same question today, 
my response would probably be 
just as arbitrary. Unlike many peo-
ple I have known who have strug-
gled arduously with the prospects 
of finding a job once they have left 
college. I am unconcerned with 
the futllrc beca use I know I can be 
content with just about anything I 
find myself domg. I've found that 
my happiness with a job comes in 
knOWing that it's a helpful and 
morally enriching experience, not 
in worrying about finding enjoy-
ment in the actual tasks I'm com-
pleting. 

I have realized that when it 
comes to a career, it comes down 
to this: All work should be useful, 
productive and honorable. 
Anything beyond that is just 
details, and secondary to the 
importance of the three criteria I 
have mentioned. As long as I am 
fulfilling my obligation as far as 
being useful to others in my occu-
pation, I feel that I can be very 
happy with whatever I do. 

This outlook, however, has 
caused me problems as I try to fig-
ure out what I'm going to spend 
most of my life doing. I'd be just as 
happy driving a bulldozer as edit-
ing the poetry of Seamus Heaney 
for the next SO years, as long as 
someone needed me to do it. It 's 
not that I cannot find a passion; it 
is just that I have too many of 
them. I would just as soon throw 
myself into archaeology as medi-
cine, and probably VooIith the same 
amount of gusto. 

Many of my friends aspi re 
toward very specialized career 
paths. I've never been like them. I 
admire the drive that spurs them 
relentlessly on, stomping over all 
that impedes their pursui ts. My 
best friend has wanted to become 
a doctor ever since he was small , 
and he has not lost sight of that 
desire. Others I know are intent 
upon law school or graduate stlldy 
in a particular field. 

I've thought about going to . 
graduate school, but I realized that 
whatever I might study, it would 
be because it seemed like it might 
be something fun and enriching 

2 L I lilliE CF.:E~IJ 

.. 

5 I F.~ tl1 I ;:'::-H-LOT 

to try - not because I have a dri-
ving passion to study a particular 
field . If I decided to try law, I 
would go to law school "for fun: 
taking it in as an interesting expe-
rience (much to the horror, I'm 
sure, of those cooped up every 
weekend with their LSAT books). 
I would study medicine because it 
would be interesting to be able to 
help people in such a specialized 
way, not because of a passion I've 
held since childhood. 

The ambivalence that charac-
terizes my outlook on setting for a 
lifelong career is equally in force 
when it comes to the work I do 
now. I split my time between two 
realms: the literary and the tech-
nological. Neither has ever really 
held sway over me. 

I enjoy the editing I do at the 
Guardian, and I like the computer 
work that I do at my other job. 
However, when I picture myself 
cooped up in a high rise reading 
newspaper articles all day for mis-
tak~s, or spending 70 hours per 
week in a cubicle in Silicon Valley, 
I confess I don't feel a great deal of 
excitement. 

Perhaps I have yet to find that 
one magical thing that will wed 
me to a particular career path, but 
I believe instead that everything'S 
the same to me at the end of the 
day, as long as it has been helpful. 
(n time, I know I will tire of com-
puters and editing, and it will be 
time to move on. 

I'm not pressed for time to 

See SOAPBOX, Page 15 

By LUNA SENIUK 
Tribune Media Services 

AIIM (March 21-AprIl19) 
Work mates or daily compan-

ions may now need to publicly dis-
cuss recent events, policies or 
group projects. This is an excellent 
time to establish a bond with close 
colleagues and review common 
interests. Some Aries natives may 
also be asked to solve a difficult 
calculation or scheduling problem. 
If so, Aries, go slow: the next few 
weeks may bring unexpected 
reversals and fast reassignments. 
After Thursday a past romantic 
attraction will be revitalized: Watch 
for subtle and seductive invita-
tions. 

'.urua (April20-May 20) 
Dai ly routines may be disrupt-

ed early this week, Taurus: Expect 
a colleague or close friend to sud-
denly change his approach to 
ongoing projects or duties. Key 
areas involved may be compiled 
information, research, financial 
paperwork or records. Some 
Taurea ns, especially those born 
prior to 1954, may also experience 
new money decisions or debts: Go 
slow and watch for hidden clauses. 

Official duties, time schedules 
and project instructions will now 
intensify. Over the next few days, 
expe!;t team dynamics and social 
outlets to work in your favor. For 
many Geminis this is a time when 
others will offer highly creative 
ideas and worthwhile solutions. Be 
optimistic, Gem, ' but also expect 
miscalculations or ongoing time 
restrictions. After Wednesday new 
messages and quick decisions will 
change a key friendship: Social ver-
sus romantic priorities may require 
added discussion. . 

c... (June 22-July 22) 
After a period of social disagree-

ments and competing jealousies, 
many Cancerians will now find sta-
bility in key relationships. Before 
March 24, expect negative social 
influences, misinformation or over-
ly sensitive friends to change their 
attitude. Ongoing criticism and 
daily restrictions will now fade: 
Watch for loved ones to be expres-
sive and passionate. After 
Thursday, money promises will 
change. For the next three weeks 
authority figures will _be cautious, 
Cancer: Remain patient. 

Leo (July 23-Aug. 22) 
Romance and long-term friend-

ship are accented th is week, Leo. 
Over the next few days many Leos 
will begin an intense period of 
emotional growth in close relation-
ships. Long-standing issues of 
romantic reluctance or divided pri-

See HOROSCOPE, Page 15 

When deadlines are short, 
you'll long for our services. 

La Jolla - UTe 
Costa Verde 

Shopping Center 
8650 Genesee Ave. Ste. 200 

(858) 457-9500 

DIGITRL UNDERGROUND AN ORIGINAL IN A WORLD OF COPYING.o 

AT THE PUB IN THE STUDENT CENTER 
GENERALADU~N1~ 

TICKETS AVAIl.A8lE AT THE PRICE CENTER BOX 
OFFICE AND AlL TlCKETMASTER OUTLETS 

Electronic File Submission • Desktop Publishing e High Resolution 
Scanning • Presentations, Manuals and Reports. High Speed 

Copying • Engineering Copies and Black' White Posters. Color 
Copies • Big Color Posters Professional Bindery • Fax Services 

OSI Internet Access • Passport photos 
,I, •• Pick Up • D.II •• " 

Monday, March 5, 2001 The UCSD Guardian FEATURES 15 

Exploring the Human Psyche Soapbox: Summer jobs may result in 
new career interests 

anything's going to change in the 
interim. I can see myself becoming 
one of those people who spends 
her life doing a variety of anom-
alous and varied things. Summer 
jobs will afford me the opportunity 
to try new things, but that doesn't 
lead me to believe that ardor for a 
particular career is lurking around 
the corner. I am pretty sure that I 
have already found it - not in the 
choice of a particular pursuit, but 
in the assurance that whatever I do, 
I know it will not be a waste of time 
for others, nor for myself. 

Dr. Ron Shane, a visiting scholar at UCSD, will provide a lecture for 
students to learn about how cultur~ effects the brain ContInu~ fronI ..... 14 

Features Editor 

The question of who we are 
and why we exist has plagued 
mankind for centuries. Millions of 
theories have been forwarded in 
an attempt to answer this ques-
tion. One of the most recent in 
this barrage of intellectual 
thought comes from the mind of 
Dr. Ron Shane, a postdoctoral vis-
iting scholar at UCSD. 

Shane will be presenting his 
ideas at a lecture titled "Revealing 
the Mystique - of the Human 
Psyche" Thursday March 8, at 
5:15 p.m. in Cognitive Science 
Building Room 002, here at 
UCSD. All are welcome to attend 
this four-part lecture that promis-
es to be stimulating and highly 
interactive. 

"The whole focus is to bring to 
light that today's science in neu-
10bidlogy can begin to give some 
indication as to how the brain is 

-affected by culture: Shane said. 
"The brain is a highly complex, 
ever-changing milieu that is con-
stantly putting up different matri-
ces to different stimuli. In other 
words, the brain is highly affected 
by the environment that sur-
rounds it." 

The evening will open with a 
lecture on "Man's Ontological 
Stultification." This lecture will 
discuss how culture affects us in 
our everyday lives and how it' 
shapes us as people. , 

According to Shane, the over-
crowding of our society, coupled 
with a government that is making 
decisions for us, is causing human 
beings to become more stressed 

WANTED 
~ a job with high pay and 
flexible hours' AS Ledu,. NoIIs 
is hiring I $8.33/haur, and you 
pick !he doss. 
CoIl soon: 5~-6238 . 

News IN BREIF 
COI.r ••• la.lol. 
Dlvl.I •• II C ••• ,.I 
ucso Women's 
Scxcer: Divilion II 
Champions; UCSO 
Men's Water 
Polo: Division II - 2nd 
Place 
Tr.,., Pre.tI'a.I •• 
r.aturing Chancellor Dynes, 
UCSO Mascot & Pep Bond 
TODAY • March 5 ' NOON, Price 
Cant.rPlaza 
AS Trlt •• Taxi 
AS Triton Taxi will not be running 
during Sp-ing Break, March 30 
and 31 . For questions or more 
information, Call SJ.C-5254. 

and unhappy. 
Shane cites studies of rats that 

showed that, while they are an 
adaptive species like human 
beings, they still showed more 
anxiety and stress when put in an 
overpopUlated environment. He 
likens this to the current over-
crowding situation in the human 
population. 

"The current stance for most 
people in society is to just go with 
the flow and not question things: 

"In our current society, 
art is almost baneful. It 
no longer rejoices in 
being happy. " 
Shane said. "We have to find ways 
to change and make the environ-
ment more adaptive to the natural 
architecture of our brains." 

Shane will lecture for about SO 
minutes before opening up for 
questions and discussion. During 
the discussion, he will also read 
from some of his scholarly works 
on these topics to spurn questions 
and debate. 

After the discussion, Shane 
will switch gears for a lecture on 
"Classical Theosophy and 
Metaphysics Incensing the 
Essence of Today's Artist." This 
lecture will focus on how art 
should go beyond the naturalism 
of everyday life and needs to be 
both stimulating and intoxicating. 

"Art can't be scanty with 
respect to how it activates the 
self: Shane said. "In our current 
society, art is almost baneful. It no 

uPCemING 
EVENTS 

• are.6 
LOYEUNE with Dr. Dr_ & Adam 
Corollo. au.stions about sex, kwe 
and ...Iotionships' Aslt the expertsl 

7pm'lIMAC~ 
r ruts $5 for UCSO sIUdents w/ 
wlid D at !he UCSO b Office in 
Price Cen .. or r ICkeImosIer outlets. 

.are. 7 1I0 ••• r 
12pm , Price Cen ... Plaza, 
Psydecar 

.arc.9 
dubRilmo 
l.aturing 2 lM 
aI!N, 9pm 'The 
SIage at the Pub. 

Doors open at 8:30pm 

• arc. 14 1I ..... r 
~ice Centw Plaza, Young 

.arc. 14 
FlEE Blue Boobl Pick up }'OUrs 
slotting at lOam on Library Walk 

longer rejoices in being happy." 
A discussion will again follow 

the approximately SO-minute lec-
ture. 

Throughout the evening, 
Shaoe wants the audience to be 
relaxed and to have a good time. 
He encourages the audience to 
bring in food and drinks to enjoy 
during the lectures. 

Shane, a former Engli~h pro-
fessor at SDSU and UCSD, origi-
nally received his doctoral degree 
from UC Santa Barbara in the 
social psychology of literature. His 
doctoral thesis was centered on 
the Romantic poetry of Blake. He 
went on to do postdoctoral work 
on Renaissance literature and the-
ater at UCLA. He is now a post-
doctoral visiting scholar at UCSD 
in the cognitive science depart-
ment. 

In addition to his scholarly 
achievements, Shane is a fourth-
degree black belt in Tae Kwon Do. 
He has also studied yoga, Taoism 
and Indian philosophy. He said 
that his diverse combination of 
knowledge gives him a keen 
insight into the nature of human 
beings. 

"I want the evening to be a 
mental party: Shane said. "My 
goal is to make this into a liberat-
ing, creative experience. I am 
going to combine the stuff that I 
am currently studying with the 
knowledge that I have previpusly 
gathered to come up with what I 
hope is an interesting insight into 
the human psyche." 

Though Shane promises that 
he can talk for hours and will stay 
as long as there are people willing 
to listen, the room is only reserved 

decide on what I want to do. I'll be 
here at least another year-and-a-half 
- and I'm toying with the idea of 
adding another major, which would 
give me nearly three years before I 
have ~o hit the job market or try to 
sell myself to a graduate school. 

Somehow, though, I don 't think 

Horoscopes: 
Find out what is in store 
for you this week 
eon ...... fronI ..... 11 
orities will now slowly be solved, 
Leo: expect loved ones to express a 
new awareness of freedom, seduc-
tive attraction and intimacy. Single 
Leos may now experience powerful 
and potentially disruptive flirta -
tions: Br selective and watch for 
rare social complications. 

VIrP (Aug. 23-Sept. 22) 
Social comfort, romantic 

belonging and shared goals will 
this week arrive in long-term rela-
tionships, Virgo. Loved ones will 
now rekindle their original feelings 
of attraction and romantic enjoy-
ment: Expect past mell,lories and 
old sentiments to. soon create a 
deepening trust. Single Yirgos, over 
the next two weeks, ca~ expect a 
slowly developing sensuality in a 
new relationship. Be ' receptive, 
Virgo, and explore fresh ·emotions: 
New commitments I will bring 
added confidence an~ renewed 
vitality. 

UbnI (Sept. 23-0ct. 23) 
Over the next few days, Libra, 

your practical wisdom will offer 

solid rewards. Before mid-week, 
watch for a close colleague or 
friend to introduce new informa-
tion , social contacts or key pro-
posals. All are posi tive, Libra, and 
will soon lead to expanding opti-
mism, fresh work options and 
renewed faith in long term career 
goals. After Thursday romantic 
communications may be difficult: 
Give friends or lovers extra time 
to settle family or home differ-
ences. 

ScorpIo (Oct. 24-Nov. 21) 
Dreams and emotional flashes 

will be a strong theme this week, 
Scorp: Late Tuesday, a brief but 
intense period of moody reflection 
arrives. For many Scorpios, con-
templation and deep thought will 
now help clarify their long term 
needs and beliefs concerning key 
relationships. Romantic or social 
commitments may be more 
involved than previously anticipat-
ed: Before next week take extra 
time for informed, appropriate 
decisions. An emotionally 
demanding week, Scorp: Stay 
focused . 

s.,ItUrtua (Nov. 22-Dec . 21) 
Early th is week, Sage, your cre-

ativity and sensitivity are extremely 

See HOROSCOPES, Page 18 

H • T T • p s ELECTIONS Wilt t. ~ ••• ".r .14 ..... r1 Pu.I ••• t •• ~ .. t Itdllt 1 .. 11.1 W.nt t. c"r.I •• t ...... n , 5 •• G •• 1 h. F.r AS! Flli., fie.'" 'YlII.~I. 
. •• ·11 ••• t h",:/I" .• " •. t4 •• r .llh. A.S. SlCret.,y • Offiet, 3r. 2[]Dl~J FI"r Prlet ( •• t.r! D ... II .. I. fill I ...... y, •• rc. 12 .t NOON! • Represenlalive 10 !he University of California 
Studenl Association (UCSA) 

• Oversees coordination of: Fall 
Festival, Winterfest, Sun God 
Festival. 

G.allfleatlo. for Officers 
I. All elected officers sholl be 
regislered ~raduole studenls 
who ore in academic slanding 
within !he nivenity. 
2. Sholl be elected by the members 
of the underaroduole population in 
!he spring or each year & serve for 
one year unless removed prior 10 !his 
duration. 
••• ~.rs.I' .f C •• ldl 
The Council shOll consist of campus-
wide elected members and elected 
senaIors from each college. Campus-
wide elected members of the 
Council sholl consisl of the following 
officers: 
a. Pmident; 
, Chief executive officer of !he 
ASUCSD. 
• Serves as !he affici~ represenlalive 
of the undergraduate body. 
, ~ & submils on annual 
operating budget. 
, Power of ¥eIo on item passed by 
!he council. • 
b. Va President "-naI: 
, Acts os AS President in President's 
absence. 
• Appoints student repnt5entotives 10 
campus wide committees. 
• Oversees inlemal affairs of !he AS. 
~: poIicie~( procedures & administro-
live councl mailers. 

and Unil8d states Studenl Association 
(USSA). 
d. Va President finance: 
• Advises President and Council on 
all budgetary molten. 
, Oversees enforcemenl of all AS 
policies & procedures concerning 
itxpenditures of !he activity fee. 
, Assists !he development of all 
studenl organization budgets. 
, Organizes quo~ student 
Organization Funding Advisory 
Boord. 
, Reviews ~itures of student 
activity funds. 
e. Commissioner of Student 
Adwcocy; 
, Informs, advises, & represenls 
studenls in conAict wi!h University 
, AS. Council liaison to !he office of 
Student Policies & Judicial Affairs. 
f. Commissioner of Communications 
• Oversees the production of studenl 
media. 
• Monilon the budget and allocation 
of media funding . 
g. Programmer 
, Plans all ca"lP.lls evenls: concerls, 
speakers, comeCIions. 
Provides enlertoinment for evenls such 
as Lole Nile at RIMAC, all campus 
Weloorne week dance,etc. 

• Researches up and coming Iolent 
10 bring 10 campus. 
• Student liaison beiween the AS. 
and music induslry professionals 
(record labels, management, and 
promoIers) . 
h. Commissioner of Academic 
Affairs 
• Estoblishes & moinloins 
communicalion wi!h Academic 
:.\ffoirs 
office and all undergraduate 
academic related programs. 
• Provide p8!i0dic polls & surveys 
10 assess siudenl5 concerns. 
i. Commissioner of Student 
Services and EnterpriMS 

. , Oversees budgels & operations 
of AS Services and Enterprises 
(Soft Reserves, lecture Notes, 
Grove Caffe, SRlV & KSDT, US 
Granls, 
Volunteer Connection and AS 
Inlernship Office). 
• AS repre5enlalive 10 Co-op 
Oversighl CommiHee. 
College Senators -~, 
Junior, and Senior frOm each 
college. 
• Represents inleresls & needs of 
studtinls in !heir college and 
respeclive doss. 

CONGRA1UIAl1ONS 10 Phanat Hean, winner of a quar1er's worth of c. Va Pretident ExtImaI: ~ ~ ta DBA C ., 
books (wlued at $3001 in the A.S. Goodstuff ~I 2nd prize • Lobbies student issues on a ,... 'Ji ~ 
goes 10 StIh SMmaiI, winner of a $50 gift c.rtificuIe 10 the Bookstore. statewide and naIionoIleveI. ~ feedback ~ SpecioIIhonks 10 our spanIOl', the UCSD ........ , for • Coonfinote ~ \1OIiIr our is very im~nt ~ helping sIudents save men !han $2.2 milion on their rwgislralion compoign. to US. Please check our website 
UCSO IItxIboOks since June 2000. for the latest student poll 

http://as.ucsd.et{u ~c:iIle3rd&or. Associated Students 



• 

16 FEATURES The UCSD Guardian 

CR.OSS\VOrZl) Fake IDs: Some l:Ufuor stores derry 
out-oj-state ID holders 
ContInued frOlll ..... 13 
crime, the local police department 
handles the criminal aspect for 
minors. Minors caught buying 
alcohol with a fake ID will get 
between 28 and 32 hours of com-
munity service, a $250 fine, and 
may ha',le their driver's licenses 
suspended for up to one year. This 
is a zero-tolerance offense. 

The charge is possession of 
alcohol. If the ID used is a 
California one, both a California 
vehicle code violation and a busi-
ness and professional code viola-
tion are tacked on. If the 10 is out 
of state, only the latter is charged. 
According to the San Diego Police 
Department, there is no difference 
in penalties between using a fake 
ID and using someone else's bor-
rowed 10. 

ACROSS 46 That woman 18 Moral support 

However, simply possessing a 
fake ID does not necessarily come 
with heavy consequences. Police 
detained Muir sophomore Philip 
Miller one night, and they 
searched his wallet. 

1 
5 
9 
14 
15 
16 
17 

19 
20 
21 
22 
23 
25 
26 
27 
31 

34 
35 
36 
37 
39 
40 
41 

42 
44 

On the waves 47 Resistance units 
Plebiscite 48 Himalayan climbers 
Puccini opera 52 Mesas 
Son of Leah 55 Oehs or Collins 
Saharan 56 Ms. Tarbell 
Sharif and Epps 57 Baker or Loos 
Sailboats With three 58 Heaths 
hulls 60 Equestrian 
ReVise charts 61 Comic Meara 
Not at home 62 Club fe .. 
Sediment 63 Water vapor 
Scallers randomly 64 Poor g,ades 
Broadway hils 65 Nimble 
Scads 
Pea capsule DOWN 
Atlas' seven daughters 1 Countertenors 
Jack of the nursery 2 Blood const ituent 
rhyme 3 Madonna role 
Land of the dead 4 Objective 
Snacked 5 Diverse 
Sphencal vegetable 6 Face-ta-face exam 
Copy 7 Color shade 
_sequitur 8 Asner and Sullivan 
Container With a lap 9 Hawksblil's carapace 
Central parts of church- 10 Sicilian code of silence 
es 11 01110 
ohausted 12 Blrd 's crop 
Women's sleepwear 13 Small vipers 

22 Ice fall 
24 Health resort 
25 Robert and Alan 
27 Noc&lns 
28 Laertes or Hamlet, e.,. 
29 Wlnchester 's rival 
30 Dispatched 
31 Rotated rapidly 
32 Gilpin of .. Frasier" 
33 Tolled 
34 Bee colonies 
38 Disfigures 
43 Part of rpm 
45 Drink choice 
46 Former Enallsh caun-

ties 
48 Glinted 
49 Cover girl 
50 European viper 
51 Pert 
52 Obstacle. 
53 Military ,roup 
54 Ocean motion 
55 Corn concoction 
58 Loony 
59 Commercial bi!s 

solutions on PIlle 18 

"I had an out-of-state ID, a 
really shitty one that only worked 
in high school: Miller said. "But 
they just confiscated it and never 
said another word about it to me." 

The police department sends 
undercover officers into Iiquor-
selling establishment to see if they 
are furnishing alcohol to minors. 
They also patrol nightclubs and 
places of high concentration of 
people for overintoxication, over-
crowding, drugs and other activi-
ties in the crowd. 

The local law enforcement also 
sends minor decoys into estab-
lishments to make sure they're 
not furnishing alcohol to minors. 

The Formula for 
Your SUCCESS ....... rdels 

c. 
.. 
.,.. Yoh Scientific specializes in serVing the scientific community by providing exceptional career opportunities (or all levels o( 

scientific pro(essionals. 
We place candidates with the premier biotechnology, 
biomedical, pharmaceutical, and medical device 
companies in the San Diego area. As scientific personnel 
specialists we offer the most competitive . compensation and 
benefits in the industry (or both permanent careers and 
temporary assignments. 
We look (orward to talking to you i( you are ready (or the 
perfect career or assignment or even i( you are 
looking (or an employee to work in your scientific environment 

lI1!~)c 
Yoh Scientific 
9710 Scranton Road, 
Suite 170 
San Diego, CA 91111 
Phone. (858)622-9005 -
Fax: (858)622-9048 
Email: o n.elsom@yoh.com 
www.yohscientific.com 

... 
StIreos 

SurfboanIs 
AutORIfIIr 

Sales 
Jobs 

Rooms 
Typing 
..... 
Computers 

Tutors 
and .. 

Guardian 
Oassifieds. 

The decoys are usually police 
cadets, boy scouts, relatives of 
police officers or members of the 
local Boys Club, and are super-
vised by a police officer. They 
must reveal their true identity to 
the employee to avoid entrap-
ment. 

The Minor Decoy Operation 
was challenged in 1992, but in 
1994 it was proven a valid 
method, granted that the decoys 
don't try to bribe, lie or otherwise 
induce sale, and that they look 
over the age of 21. 

The hesitation and precautions 
that liquor-selling establishments 
use when selling to a shopper who 
looks to be under 30 are well-
founded . The owner of a mom-

"The guy was a real 
asshole," said Caven. 
"He asked me a lot of 
questions, my age, when 
I gr.aduated from high 
school, and ended up 
confiscating my ID. It 
cost me fifty dollars. " 
and-pop liquor store near UCSD 
said that officers come in two to 
three times a year and hang 
around the store for 10 to 20 min-
utes, pretending to read maga-
zi nes. He cards every shopper 
because he is near campus and 
has a lot at stake because the store 
is a family business. As a result, he 
said, he has -refused sales to up to 
20 customers in a weekend. 

The Ralphs Corporation 
denies sale to out-of-state ID 
holders, and although disputes 
naturally arise, its policy holds 
fast. Unlike the mom-and-pop 
store, however, it confiscates sus-

Monday, March 5, 2001 

pect identification that does not 
conform to the ABC handbook. 
The average confiscations vary 
from 10 to 15 every few months. 

Moondoggie 's Restaurant in 
Pacific Beach confiscates IDs as 
well . Its policy includes the use 
of flashlights to check 10 cards, 
and close examination to see if 
the ID matches its owner. It 
accepts out-of-state IDs and 
confiscates one to two IDs per 
night on average. The restau-
rant's owner said that the num-
ber of IDs confiscated is larger 
during spring break and other 
times of high patronage. 

Muir sophomore Nicole Caven 
had her ID takeh by Moondoggies 
on a weekday afternoon. "The guy 
was a real asshole," Caven said. 
"He asked me a lot of questions, . 
my age, when I graduated from 
high school and t;nded up confis-
cating my ID. It cost me 50 
bucks." 

Even with these restrictions 
and the possibility of legal penalty, 
minors have always found ways to 
get around the rules. For those 
who own fake IDs, fraudulently 
using the state seal is a misde-
meanor. However, for those who 
make fake IDs, illegal reproduc-
tion of the California insignia is a 
felony. 

A local student and maker of 
fake IDs said he is aware of these 
consequences, yet he still does it 
"to help people out." He makes 
IDs for underage fri~nds, for those 
21 and over with underage signif-
icant others, and even for people 
wanting to reap the financial ben-
efits of youth ski passes. 

The process is simple. One 
creates a template from scratch on 
a computer, then fills in the neces-
sary information and photo. 

"All you need is a good scanner 

See FAU IDS, Page 1 7 

L(J"~:iF:~~~ets-. --+ 
Yocr connection to LDW COST Ai' TICkets, Cruises & Tours 

*** WORLDWIDE DISCOUNTED AIRFARES *** 
Tokyo $425 Paris $375 
Seoul $560 ~rmany/Fra $499 
Okinawa $680 Rome $433 
Amsterdam $489 Madrid $499 
Manila $620 Singapore $599 
Bangkok $599 Morocco $565 
Hong Kong $549 Sydney $749 
Bali-LAX $680 Sao Paulo-LAX $540 
Beijing-LAX $568 Guam-LAX $910 
London $365 Taipei $578 
CHEAP LAST MINUTE U.S. DOMESTIC FARES 

B""8"ill, " H"."ii, Afri,,,, Mi::"I. B"" & M.,.. A."i/"ltl. 
7750 0..- 1ItrMt, Btl. 207-8 
Sen Diego, CA 92111 
E-MM: 1cMeiItiD."'.com 
Sol 2048172-40 . 

(858) 576-7088 
• Rn:rictIons apply • Te""s ond ourcharges _.1 

• Fa,... end NIBs are subfect to chlnge • elmer's dlscretKJn 
• CaM for other LOW COST __ to other dntinItions 

STUDENT TRAVEL 

Paris ..... ........... S443 
Amsterdam .......... S503 
Tokyo ............... S562 

. Fares are rouncknp 
Restnctlons mrty apply Tlu not Included 

www_statravel.com WE'VE BEEN THERE. 

Monday, March 5, The UCSD Guardian FEATURES 17 

Book Commemorates 50th Anniversary of 
Charlie Brown and the Rest of the Gang 

Fake IDs: 
Many obtain fake 
identification via the Internet 
ContInued from paCe 18 

Book Review 
Some of the most popular comic strips created by Charles M. 
Schulz are contained in 'Peanuts: A Golden Celebration' 

and a Photos hop program," the 
student who makes the IDs said. 

The type of fake ID he makes 
usually costs between $60 and 
$100, but he charges $40 because 
he said he's not in it for the 
money. 

IyTOMVU 
Senior Staff Writer 

Have you ever questioned the 
existence of God? Have you ever 
had a crush on someone and gotten 
too choked up to say anything 
whenever that person is near? Have 
you ever daydreamed? If you said 
yes to any of these questions, then I 
would recommend picking up 
"Peanuts: A Golden Celebration." 

This is compilation of the best, 
most thoughtful comic strips from 
the "Peanuts" collection by the late 
Charles M. Schulz. The selection 
of the strips, which includes the 
very first "Peanuts" strip published 
Oct. 2, 1950 and even prototype 
strips called "Li'l Folks: epito-
mizes Schulz's long and distin-
guished career. Schulz died from 

compllca~ions from a stroke last 
year, only weeks after the legend 
decided to retire after 50 years. 
- But "Peanuts: A Golden 
Celebration" is much more than 
just a collection of comics, just as 
"Peanuts" is much more than a 
simple children's comic strip. It is a 
history book of Charlie Brown and 
the gang and also the history of 
Sch ulz. So much of his life was 
ingrained into the comic that his 
name is synonymous with 
"Peanuts." He is "Peanuts" and 
"Pea nuts" will always be him. 

"Peanuts: A Golden 
Celebration" gets readers up-close 
and personal with the life of 
Schulz - his influences, the peo-
ple he has influenced, his interpre-

tation of religion (Christianity in 
particular) and adaptation of his 
life into the strip. In a sense, the 
comic strip is a history of his life. 

Many look at "Peanuts" (a title 
that Schulz disliked and never 
understood), and see a child's 
comic. True, it is that. But it is 
much more than a child's gleeful 
laughter. "'Peanuts: like any great 
work of art, can be read on many 
levels: Sharon Begley wrote in 
"Newsweek." "For every child 
who giggles over Sally's jump-rope 
troubles .. . an adult nods at the 
strip'S tragicomic view of life: 
Begley stated. Tragicomic is a term 
often used to descri be one of 
William Shakespeare's greatest 
and final play, "The Tempest." 

"Peanuts" is not a simple story of 
a moon-faced child and his gang of 
friends. It is a story of children 
placed in adult-like situations. The 
blatant truth of life. the harshness of 
reality and the pains of love are not 
what we expect children to face, yet 
these characters do. Anxiety, self-
doubi and the betrayal of innocence 
plague them. How many times has 
Schroeder spurned Lucy? How 
many times has Lucy pulled the 
football away from Charlie Brown? 
How many times has Charlie Brown 
got too nervous to speak when the 
Little Red Haired Girl is around? 

"Peanuts" is a story of juxtapo-
sitions. The characters live in inno-
cent times yet they are not, by any 
means, innocent. The scene is set 
in the post-World War 11 era, yet 
there is no Vietnam. The Plumbers 

EARN $30-$100 
for a few hours while gaining 

research experience at high schools. 

No long term commitment! 

Schedule your training (858-822-2678) 
for March 19th, 20th, or 22nd. 

never broke into the Watergate 
Hotel, there is no Monica, no Cold 
War, no racism. True. these things 
may have actually occurred, but 
through the veiled eyes of children, 
they did not happen. After all, we 
can always expect to see Linus 
waiting for the Great Pumpkin to 
arrive. And we can always expect to 
see him disappointed. This is the 
reality of life pitted against the 
innocence of children. 

As innocent as they may be, they 
are at, the same time, not innocent. 
Lucy enjoys torturing Charlie 
Brown, the every-man that repre-
sents us. Charlie Brown suffers from 
failure and disillusionment, as we all 
do. He has desires that we all have: 
"AliI want is a nonnallife .. ." he said 
to Lucy during one of their psychi-
atric sessions. Peppermint Patty's 
secret crush on her "Chuck" does 
not, and never will, end the way she 
wants it. As many times as Lucy 
pulls the football away, Charlie 
Brown still has the innocence to fa ll 
for it again. 

Schulz was a devout Christian 
and his beliefs surface in the comic. 
The strip puts into question faith in 
God and man, something we have 
all done, lying in bed in the dead of 
night. ·Sometimes I lie awake at 
night and I ask, 'Why me?'" Charlie 
Brown says in the middle of the 
night. Then a voice answers, 
"'Nothing personal. Your name just 
happened to turn up.'" Despite all 
that transpires around their lives, 
the children have a devout follow-
ing to God. The same applies to 

The fIrst cave 
drawings were 
actually ads for 

bison meat. 

GUARDIAN 
Advertising. 
Call (858)534 3488 

Master of Arts in 
Sports Management 

Southern California's most comprehensive and affordable 
Graduate Sports Management Program 

Complete your Master's Degree in 18 months while you work I 
This MA degree is designed to prepare individuals for careers in sports/athletics administration an.d 
management in a variety of sellings, including professional. amateur, htness, college and scholashc 

organizations, private businesses, community services as well as in academic institutions. 

Classes begin Augus t 2001 on-campus at 
Califomia State University. Long Beach. 

AHend a FreelnJormation S. •• ion: 
Thursday, March I ~:30 pm 
California State University, Long Beach 
The Pyramid. The Pointe 
1250 Bellflower Blvd .. Long Beach 
Sequence Number- 2299 
To RSVP Call: (562) 985-5561. 
For more information. call: 

Chris Tsangaris, MA, Coordinator, CSULB Graduate Sports Management Program 
Department of Kinesiology and Physical Education 

(562) 985-2044 • EMAIL tsan@csulb.edu 

their belief in the goodness of man. 
Charlie will always attempt to kick 
the foot~all ; Lucy will always try to 
catch the baseball. 

Linus and Franklin often quote 
from the Old Testament, particu-
larly the Book of Job. The signifi-
cance of this lies in the story of 
Job, a man who had everything. 
God, sure of Job's love and trust, 
allows the Devil to tempt and tor-
tureJob. But at the end, after many 
trials and tragedies, Job arises from 
the decay with his devotion to God 
still intact. The same type of devo-
tion to God and man applies to 
Charlie Brown and his friends. 

The characters posses an unwa-
vering belief in what is right and 
moral. something we all aspire to 
have, yet fail to achieve. Each major 
character possesses a human quali-
ty that represents each of us. Lucy is 
the mischievous, frank one. Linus 
and Franklin personify our religious 
sides. Snoopy represents the many 
faces of our character. Pig Pen "may 
be canying soil that was trod upon 
by Solomo.n or Nebuchadnezzar or 
Genghis Khan." And Charlie Brown 
epitomizes our innoc~nce'16ur pains 
and ultimately our rede~ption as 
he is the Christ-figure that suffers 
for his fellows. 

"Peanuts: A . Golden 
Celebration" represents all of these 
aspects. Every strip wasl chosen to 
represent everything that ~ Peanuts" 
represents. Perhaps the most 
poignant line from the book was 
one rather uncharacteristic of Lucy: 
"Happiness is a warm puppy." 

He and his friends only used a 
few key tools and the smarts they 
came to school with to create the 
IDs. He said at universities with 
students who are smart, driven , 
underage and who have the desire 
to purchase alcohol, it is ridiculous 
for authorities to assume that 
minors won't find a way. 

The Internet is also a growing 
source for purchasing illegal iden-
tification. There are dozens of 
Internet sites devoted to the sale of 
fabricated identification. 

These sites describe their prod-
ucts as "novelty" and "souvenir" 
items, and many have disclaimers 
notifying the buyer of the legal 
repercussions. IDs can cost up to 
$100 on these sites but mostly 
range from $40 to $60. The busi-
ness is growing and the locations 
of the sites are difficult to track. 
Although these si tes are illegal, 
law enforcement would rather 
spend their time and effort pre-
venting the sale of alcohol to 
minors than tracking down small-
time hackers. 

Using false identification is a 
crime commonly committed by 
minors, especia lly in university 
towns. Police will continue to crack 
down just as minors will continue 
to rebel. Minors, however, should 
be aware of the legal penalties for 
this crime and the hazard it brings 
to the establishments from which 
they buy. 

LIVE AND LEARN 
JAPANESE! 

The Waseda Oregon Programs take North American and interna-
lional students to the prestigious Waseda University. Tokyo, Japan 
for aca:.lemic programs of Japanese language and comparative US-
Japan Societies study: 

• \l('=da Oregon Summer Japanese Program 
July 5 - AuguJt 17. 20UI 

• Waseda Oregon Transnaticna l rrogram 
January 15 - June 23, 2002 

Scholarships of up to $1000 are available for the Transnational 
Program. For more information, contact: 

Waseda Oregon Office 
Portland State University 

(800) 823-7938 www.wasedaoregon.org 

JAPANESE RESTARAUNT 
With award winning Sushi Bar 

Located In UTe mall Tel. (858) 453.8197 
(between Nordstrom's & Robinson-May) 
r---------------------
: 200/0 OFF i 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

Show a Student 10 or bring in this 
COUDon for 20% off dinner order* 

(each coupon valid for a max of 4 customers) 
10% off for Sushi & Sashimi 

'Each dining order complete With soup, salad, nee . & tempura 
---------------------



, 

, I 

18 FEATURES 

OLD FASHIONED ETHICS . COMMON SENSE AND FAIR PRICE S 

FORIJIGN &- DOMIJSTIC 
s.rvIce & Repair 

101 off on lIlY ServIce or ReP* 
Not valid in conjunction with any other special or discount (limlations ."pIy) 

= ... ,:.,..~c~~:w 450.9494 S~::::'IINUoIJLE CUSTOMEIt SATWAC710N 
Sf ........ ~aculty & St." 
Pf- y .... _ UCSO 10 
wn... the eetimatel. written to teeM. ti. epeei. 

WWW.tOlllIIlUlLOOlll 
visa • mlc . amex • olscover • atm 

'?1' • .,.,., '.'1 MAmR MEt:ltANICI :. '-. 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, March S, 

-------------- - ---------, Horoscopes: 
I Get in GUiRDIAN ! :~~~ 

1 CoRtII . ... ,.... ..... lI 
1 high . Over the next few days, 
1 watch loved ones closely for indi-

cations of change : Many 
, Sagittarians will now greatly 
1 expand their emotional commit-
, ments, social promises or daily 
, home activities. Some Sagittarians 
1 will also experience improved work 
1 relations: Fading power struggles will be an important issue. After $60 per coupon. 1 Friday artistic and social insight 
1 are accented: Enjoy sudden flashes 

1 M inimum 5-time commitment. 1 of awareness and fast invitations 
1 Call '858'534-3467 1 from friends. 
;.~" :;..Lr,,,. 

l. .... - . ' • • It. :"l'" ' !It ~ .... t;: ~ ... --.. 
5820 Autoport Mall ":. ~. 

(near 805 & miramar rd) 
FarNlly OW,,~tt & 0 lIml l" " S"'1JI"g [lCSD s/""" 1981 1- - - - _________ _ _ _ _ ~ _____ J ClIPricom (Dec. 22·)an. 19) 

CAAl.SBAD 
1646 Matron Rd. 
(76O)~400 

CARMEL MTN. RANCH 
11134 tmcho CarmelIlr 
(858) 618-2100 

CHUUoV1STA 
57 N.1mIdwav 
(619) 4W4600 
ELCAJON 
1571 N. Matrdoa 
(619) 594>7201 

ESCONOIOO 
3440 Del Ugo BMl. 
(760) 781-3600 

FASHION v.w.ev 
I.\Jpa IMI, rlI!ld 10 Macy's 
(858) 53S6400 

KEAANYMESA 
5n1 CorIIIOySl 
(858) 4E7·2550 
LAMESA 
5454 ~_ CerUr Dr. 
(519) 6#2900 
PONI« 
14751 fIImndo Ad. 
(858) 5130039 

phone 
requires a Iwo-way capable wireless phone. Phone must be purchased separalely. @2001 

SAN OIEGO/CXlSTA VERDE 
8750 Ger-.Iwe. 
(858) 45«>2800 
SPORTS ARENA 
MIdway afld Ru!ecrn 
(619) 523-4500 

Before midweek, Cap, a brief 
but intense period of reflection 
and inward thought arrives. Key 
issues may involve recent social 
events or new changes to long-
term relationships. For most 
Capricorns this period of contem-
plation will be the precursor to two 
to three days of quick social 
changes or highly public emotion-
al discuss ions. After Thursday 
expect lovers or long-term friends 
to initiate new home ideas or 
romantic proposals. Be expressive 
but sensitive, Cap: Loved ones are 
now vulnerable. 

Aqu.tu. (Jan. 20Feb. 18) 
The past fights back this week, 

Aquarius: Late Tuesday watch for 
both lovers and close friends to 
return to old ideals or re- intro-
duce outdated concepts. Some 
Aquarians may now experience 
minor con fl icts with loved ones 
concerning family issues, roman-
tic decisions or yesterday's roles 
in close relationships. Don 't 
expect others to make emotional 
sense over the next few days, 
Aquarius: Frustration , laggi ng 
confidence or regret may be a 
strong theme. 

PI_ (Feb. 19-March 20) 
Let romantic partners or long-

term friends set the tone this 
week, Pisces: before midweek, 
loved ones will strongly benefit 
from publicly expressing their 
views or helping plan group 
events. Expect others to adopt a 
more active and ootspoken role in 
relationships: This is a positive 
time for displays of social confi-
dence and romantic love. Later 
this week a workplace setback may 
be bothersome: Watch for delayed 
records, misinformation and 
revised assignments to disrupt 
daily duties. 

If Your IIrt11Uy I. till. WMk 
Social relationships will dra-

matically change over the next two 
to three months: Watch for several 
fresh introductions or a new circle 
of friends to arrive before the end 
of March . Many Pisceans will now 
gain powerful business alliances 
or rare future career opportunities 
through new social contacts. After 
mid-April, family restrictions and 
misunderstandings wi th older rel-
atives will temporarily fade: expect 
a five- to six-month period of 
approval aDd social acceptance 
from previously cautious loved 
ones. Romantic commitments will 
build slowly this year, Pisces: 
I?on ' t press for ~ick or final deci-
sions before mid- to late 
September. 

CrosswordSolutions 
~ S E A . v o T-.LI T o S C A L E V I A R 1.10 0 M 1\ R S 
T R 1M A R 1\ NlS R e M A P 
OUT S I L T 

. S T A E W S 
SMA S H e S 

. A LOT • 
- p o D~P LEI A 0 E S 
S P RI T. H A 0 E S • ATE PEA IM I TA TE 

. NON 
URN N~.S PEN T N I G H TIES SH E_ _0 

HMS SHE R PAS 
BUT T E S. p H I L IDA 
A N I T ~Mlo OR L A NOS 
RIO E R_ A NNE I OU E 5 
S TE A M. O E E SSP ~~ 

Monday, March S, 2001 The UCSD Guardian 19 
Paid Adwrtisemtnt 

UCSD 
TERNITY l UCSDI PANHELLENIC ASSOCIATION COLUMNS 

-

EXCEL at 
UCSD! 
By Anu/,am Shome 

The EXCEL Regional 
Leadership Conference, now in 
its 11th year, arrived at UCSD 
this past weekend. More than 500 
student leaders from across the 
Southern California region met 
Saturday to work with noted lead-
ership development professionals. 
Featured at the conference were 
Dr. Will Keirn, Mike Green and 
Nonnie Cameron. They discussed 
issues ranging from making the 
most out of college life to ~What 
Women Want." 

~Excel has been a wonderful 
opportunity in the past, and this 
year's conference looks to be the 
best we've ever had," said one of 
the coordinators of the event, 
Anupam Shome. The response for 
this year's EXCEL event was 
overwhelming, with hundreds of 
leaders commuting from the Los 
Angeles area and schools such as 
USC, Cal State Fullerton, and 
Cal Poly Pomona. 

K \PP \ Kup 
This March 10, the Zeta Nu Chapter of Kappa 
Kappa Gamma will be holding their second annual 

Kappa Kup soccer tournament. All 

~ 10 fraternities participate in this (llr J) tournament. It is Kappas largest ~ philanthropic event of the year. With a small entrance fee from each of the fraternities, t-shirt sales, taffle 
tickets and foo(i'sales Kappa was 

KKr able to raise over 11500 last year. The proceeds were donated to St. 
Vincent de Paul's children rehabili-

tation program and to Kappa Kappa Gamma's own 
national philanthropy, the Rose McGill Fund. Our 
goal this year is to raise at least 2000 dollars! This is a 
day full of fun in the sun with the various fraternities 
as well as other organizations on campus. We expect a 
large turnout of about 600 people. The touritament 
will begin around 11:00 on Saturday, March 10 at the 
Muir fields . Hope to see you all there! 

Marcie Koeller 

J\;1 H. ALP II \ C III 
Mr. Alpha Chi is the annual philanthropy event host-

A {""\ ed by the ladies of Alpha Chi Omega, ~ ~ which this year raised several thousand 
dollars benefiting Women of 
Domestic Violence and the Easter 

Seals Foundation. Over 500 tickets were sold for the 
February 8th pageant and talent show, entitled 
~Hollywood Nights," featuring participants from 16 
UCSD organizations who sang, danced, and amazed 
a packed house. Mr. Soccer claimed the 2001 title at 
the conclusion of this highly competitive and highly 
successful evening. 

Laurm Acheson 

Battered Women's shelter and the Escondido Youth 
Encounter Center in San Diego 
county last year. This year all at risk 
women and teens need that dona-
tion to increase. 

QX 
Chi Omega will be holding a 
clothing drive prior to Tug-of-War on Library Walk 
March 7-9th, so clean out those closets and donate 
to a great cause at the same time. If you are unable 
to attend the awesome event please show your sup-
port by buying a t- shirt or raftle tickets from any 
Chi Omega. Sigma Phi Epsilon has been the cham-
pion for 3 consecutive years .... maybe an upset is in 
the future. March 11th will be ~ day to remember 
when the battle of the boys hits the sand of San 
Diego. Don't miss out!! 

Liz Vic/orun 

K\pp\ AIPII\ THll\ 
KATWALK is our annual fashion sho~ where 

members of all Fraternities 

" KA8 

and sororities model the latest 
fashions. All prOfeeds go to 

benefit Court Appointed 
Special Advocates: This past 

February was the third annual 
Katwalk and we raised over 

12,000 to help foster children 
through the court system. 

Jmny Hermanson 

PI PHI PHEVER 

II ~ m Pi Beta Phi is planning their sec-':I:' ond annual Pi Phi Phever phil-anthropy dance, seventies theme. 
All the profits from the dance 

will help purchase books and bookshelves for the 
Children's Hospital Library. It is tentatively sched-
uled for Tuesday, May 8th and we hope to see you 
all there supporting the library!!!! 

Megan Martin 

Greek Week 
2001 Delivers 
By Lance Miller 

As promised, Greek Week 2001 
was the biggest and most exciting 
week of Greek activity in UCSD 
history! 

The first event was Philanthropy 
Day on Saturday, February 24th. 
The entire Greek system got its 
chance to do something philan-
thropic as a cohesive unit. 

Of course, Greek Week just 
wouldn't be the same without 
Letters Day the following Monday. 
All fraternity and sorority members 
sported their letters around campus 
and met at the Price Center. It's 
always amazing to see just how 
many Greeks there are on campus. 

Tuesday night featured a Karaoke 
Contest between all of the Sorority 
and Fraternity chapters. The chap-
ters whose teams displayed the 
most enthusiasm, orignality, and 
creativity emerged victorious. . 

Thursday afternoon was the 
Faculty Brunch, where points were 
awarded to the Fraternity and 
Sorority chapters with the highest 
attendance. Chapters also earned 50 
'points for each professor that they 

! 'btought. This is a wonderful way to 
. gain points in Greek Week, and 

also to display the Greek communi-
ty to the UCSD faculty. 

The entire campus was invited to 
last Friday's All-Greek Exchange at 
the Price Center. The theme was 
' Spy vs. Spy" and many guests were 
packing water guns at this exciting 
party, spun by UCSD Greeks. 

Greek Week wouldn't be complete 
without the Talent Show. The 
theme is "Verses" and it's set for the 
Price Center Ballrooms tomorrow, 
March 6. Always a successful event, 

The event, held at'Peterson 
Hall, featured multiple breakout 
workshops in which participants 
worked with keynote speakers at 
refining key leader: hip skills. 

It's the battle of the boys .... Chi Omega is putting on 
their annual Tug-of-War competition for all fraterni-
ties and sports teams willing to step up to the chal-
lenge! Chi Omega's philanthropy will be held on 
Sunday, March 11 at 11am on the Muir sand volley-
ball courts. Chi Omega donated over 12500 to the 

! the Talent Show is a great way to ~'.!!~!!" !!""!!N'_!!.'_!!'.!!. !!· N!!\!· !\!Jl!!!!!!!,!,!·,.,~ •. ,,!·!!",,!!,, '-'!! .. ,,!!. !!!!l!!!!l!'!!!!!!li. !!···!!·N!!!li·",!!i·_!!!~!'!!!!*!!!!'!''!:,*_!!_~M!':'!! .. «!!!.,.!! •.•. !!!!'!,".!!l",.!'!'!" !!!!l!!!e!!!!!!!l!!!e!!!!!!!l!!!=!!!!l!!!!!i!!!!!!!l!!!=!!!!l!!!,_!!!'._!!!!,,!!v.'.~.w!!. '~m.~w.!! .. v.!!",,!! .. ,~.~!!_!!,,~~j enjoy the Greek community as a 
whole. 

The Search for a Cure 
By Noah Kovner 

Niemann-Pick Type C is a rare but fatal genetic dis-
ease. It prevents the body from metabolizing cholesterol, 
which leads to the deterioration of the liver, spleen and 
brain. Slowly, those infected lose control of basic motor 
skills . Typically, a person with Niemann-Pick Type C 
will not live past the age of 15. Jessica Leoni is a 3 year 
old girl who has been diagnosed with this disease. 

There is hope, however, as there are organizations that 
are contributing to the search for a cure. UCSD's Pi 
Kappa Alpha is one of these organizations. This year, Pi 
Kappa Alpha's annual philanthropy event, Pike of 
Spades, raised 11000 dollars to be given to the Jessica 
Leoni Trust. Jessica Leoni is the daughter of a Pike 
alumnus that has asked various chapters in the 
California and Nevada area for help. UCSD Pikes 
decided to contribute all the money they made at their 
mock casino night to this trust. All of the money raised 
will go directly to research for a cure for Niemann-Pick. 
Type C. 

" This is truly one of the best things that we can do as 
an organization," said President Chris Guenther. "This 
is an opportunity for us to hold a fun event that serves a 
much greater purpose." If you are interested in helping 
find a cure in any way you can, The Jessica Leoni Trust 
is online at http://ho~e.pacbel1.netlmjleorUlindex.htrn . 

Hunger Relief 2001 
BY,Shawn Licha 

On February 7th-9th the Alpha Epsilon Pi 
Fraternity held its annual Philanthropy, Hunger 
Relief2001 , a 56-hour bike-a-thon on UCSD's 
Library Walk to raise money to fight hunger 
throughout the United States. Even though it 
hailed on the flfst day of the event and night- time 
temperatures dropped to just above freezing point, 
the members of the fraternity showed a commit-
ment to its cause by camping out on Library Walk 
for two nights and continued to bike for all 56 
hours. On the second day of the event, all the Pan-
Hellenic sororities joined the bike-a- thon as well . 
The event raised over 13,300 at UCSD (excluding 
corporate and individual donations) and the sorori-
ties raised half of that total . "It is truly remarkable 
when the Greek community can come together to • 
educate the public about issues such as hunger and 
raise money for such a noble cause," said Alpha 
Epsilon Pi's Hunger Relief Coordinator, D aniel 
Gruenwald. ~We also received," Daniel added, "A 
tremendous amount of encouragement and support 
from the fraternities on campus. On days like these 
we are all proud to be members of the Greek 
System." 

~~\~ QX ~I' KAC-) LK TKE LAM 

NUMBERS 
Plnh. lI. nic Fi ll 2000 GPA Sorority Sports Standings 
Kappa Kappa Gamma 3.2968 I ••• f 21241011 
Chi Omega 3 .2593 Kappa Kappa Gamma 280 
Kappa Alpha Theta 3 .2387 Alpha Chi Omega 280 
Delta Gamma 3.2333 Pi Beta Phi 250 
Pi Beta Phi 3.2250 Chi Omega 240 
Sigma Kappa 2.8726 Delta Delta Delta 220 

Sigma Kappa 215 
All s-ity A-. 3.1378 Kappa Alpha Theta 205 
UC8D All Women'. GM 3.04810 Delta Gamma 195 

Panhell. nic Spring 2000 GPA Sporh Stlndlngs·Frlt. rnitiH 
Kappa Kappa Gamma 3 .3646 I •• I f FIII ... 1", 22, 20011 
Delta Gamma 3.2723 Sigma Chi 205 
Chi Omega 3.2183 Sigma Alpha Mu 109 
Kappa Alpha Theta 3.1086 Srgma Nu 185 
Pi Beta Phi 3.0504 PI Kappa Alpha 185 
Sigma Kappa 2.7566 Delta Srgma Phr 170 

FIJI 170 
AN 80rarity AWI'IIge 3.1444 Srgma Phi Epsilon 160 uc.o All Women'. OPA 2 .8522 

Alpha Epsilon Pi 120 



" 

, . 

20 CLASSIFIEDS 

GUARDIAN 
CLASSIFIED 
DISPLAY Ads 

List under 
EMPLOYMENT 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
EVENTS 

'. WANTED 
and other headings! 

1 col. X 1" $925 
1 col. X 2" $1850 
1 col. X 3" $277:5 
1 col. X 4" $3700 

4 

1 col. X 5" $4625 
GUAiuiIAN CLASSIFIEDS 

Call (858)534-346& 
EVENTS 

IF YOU LIST IT 
THEY WIU COME 

lIr 
SUiilOWjCLASSIFIEDS 

The UCSD Guardian 

CLASSIFIEDS 
The UCSD Guardian reserves the right to dassity. edit. delete. offensive words and 
pharses. and/or refuse any and all advenisements without proir notification. The 
Advertiser will nol hold the Guardian liable for any claims resulting form the publication 
of the advertisement. The publisher will also not be held aocountable for any claim from 
an agreement made between the advertiser and the consumer. 
Copy should be reviewed by the advertiser for errors. In order to be corrected In the 
next regular Issue. all errors must be reported by the corresponding deadline. Cred" will 
only be given for the Incorrect portion of the advertisement. There are no refunds for 
cancellations. 
P .... Nnd ell ~ ~Ino CIINItIeda to: 
UCSD Guard..", Attn: CIMalfledI, 1IlOO GUIIIIII Drtft 10311, UI Jolla, CA UOI3. 
Actu8IIoc:aIIon: Student c.n.., A, R_ 217. 

Rummage Sale Extravaganza! 
Vintage clothing and miscella-
neous fumnure and appliances, 
WHEN: Saturday, March 10 from 
8am-3pm. WHERE: University 
Lutheran Church, 9595 La Jolla 
Shores Dr. on the comer of N. 
Torrey Pines and La Jolla 
Shores. (3/5-318) 

--------

ANNOUNCEMENTS 

ATTENTION ... 

GuiilliWiCLASSIFIEDS 
NEED A TUTOR? Hundreds of 
tutors come to you, at home or 
school, ALL SUBJECTS.at ANY 
LEVEL, discount packages avail-

able, 619.51.TUTOR or 
619.518.8867 or online at 
www.successtutoring.com. we 
are always hiring. (10/2-617) 
SPRING BREAK Best deals to 
Cancun, Cabo San Lucas and 
Rosarito Beach. Call 
888.295.9669. www.mexi-
cospringbreak.com. (2112-3/15) 
Attention Revelle Seniors, 
Graduation Student Speaker 
Applications & Audition signups 
are available in the Dean's Office. 
Applications due Friday 3/16. 
(311-3115) 

EMPLOYMENT 
Teachers/aides- preschool sub-
smute service. \FulVPart time/ all 
areas. 858.565.2144 $6.50-
$9.5OIhr (9/19-617) 
Swim instructors $10-$16 hr. 
SO(858.273 .7946) and 
NC(760. 7 44. 7946) locations. 

Classified Line 
Ad Rates 

Studenta: S3 .... 20 worde 
Fec:uIty a St8ff: S4 .... 20 worde 

AU 0 .... : IS .... 20 worde 
Advance payment is requil8d 

ClassHled Display 
Ad Rates 

11.25 per column Inch 
o-dll,.: 

(1/18-5114) 
CAMPUS INTERVIEWS - SUM-
MER OF YOUR UFE- Camp 
Wayne, NE PA. Counselor. 
Specialists for all LandlWater 
Sports. Tennis; Outdoor 
Adventure-Camping, MIn Biking, 
Climbing/Ropes; 
Sailing/Waterski; Lacrosse; 
Soccer; Roller Hockey; Rocketry, 
A&C, Drama, Radio, Video. RNs 
for Heahh Center. Interviews FRI, 
APRIL 6. On-line application 
www.campwayne .com ; Call 
1.888 .549 .2963; e-mail 
info@campwayne.com. (211-
3/15) 
SUMMER INTERNSHIPS Earn 
$3000-$7000+ and gain valuable 
business experience working for 
the UCSD Official Campus 
Telephone Directory, Excellent 
advertising, sales, and marketing 
opportunity. RESUME BOOST-
ER! Call Renee at 

Monday. March 5. 2001 

AroundCampus, Inc . 
1.800.466.2221 ext 334. 
www.aroundcampus.com. (211-
4112) 
Fun - Summer. Swimming, hors-
es & more. www.daycam-
pjobs.com. (2115-5131) 
VETERINARY Receptionist & 
Assistant needed for Animal 
Hospital in the OB/Pt. Lorna 
Area. PIT. Call 619.224.0773. 
(2115-315) 

YM DAD WAITS ,. TO GET , 

MAKE HIM HAPPY. LOOK FOR ONE HERE. 

SUiiaiAJiCLASSIFIEDS 
Clerical Help Needed. Otay Mesa 
office, part timelfull time avail-
able. Answer phones, fax, file, 
basic office duties. Please fax 
resume; attn: Christine 
619.671 .0568. Must be willing to 
drive to office. (~3115) 
Telephone Survey Work. SOCIAL 
SCIENCE RESEARCH. CSU 
San Marcos Foundation. PIT 
FLEXIBLE HOURS. $7.50lhr. 
Call 760.750.3293 E.O.E (2120-
315) 
Fun Summer Jobs! West Los 
Angeles day camp hiring ener-

---------------------- . I --------------------------------------

FREE PERSONAL RIGHT HERE!! 
GOT A BIRTHDAY WISH' SECRET CRUSH' DO YOU SEE THINGS AS THEY ARE AND SAY 'WHn' STOP THINKING ABOUT IT 
AND PUBLISH IT IN THE GUARDIAN PERSONALS ON THE CLASSIFIED PAGES . BRING THIS FORM TO OUR OFFICE, UPSTAIRS 
ABOVE THE STUDENT CENTER, OR SEND IN CAMPUS MAIL, MAIL CODE 0316. WE'LL PUBLISH IT FOR FREEl LIMIT: 20 WORDS, 

PLEASE. YOU CAN WRITE BIG ON THIS ONE . VALID MAl 5 • MAl. 22 

------------------------------------------------------------

.... - .. ~---- ~--- -- _ # _-'"-

Monday, March S, 2001 

getic camp counselors, special-
ists and lifeguards. Call 
310.399.2267. (2120-5110) 
Asst. Managers wanted for Sun 
Diego surf/ski/snow stores. 32-40 
hours per week. Apply at store or 
sean@sundiego.com. (2122-4/2) 
PIT Cocktail waitress/bartender. 
Kahuna's, 873 Turquoise., PB, 
Apply in person after 8pm. 
Contact Tricia. No calls, please. 
(2126-318) 
SPORTS MINDED. Hiring 
Immediately 6 to 8 enthusiastic 
individuals. $8Ihr to start. No expo 
necess. Close to campus. 

. 619.275.5055. (311-3115) 
Experienced babysitter for our 19 
month old son in Carmel Valley. 
Weekend nights, occasional 
weekda~s. References. Call Judy 
at 858.350.8968. (3/1-3112) 
Models needed- Females 18+-
no experience necessary, great 

_ $, fuIVpart-time. Start immediate-
ly. Call 619.523.0994. (311-3/12) 
Own a computer? Put it to work! 
Earn 1,500/mo to 5,OOO/mo. 
PTIFT. Visit www.onlinebiz-at-
home.com (3/1-4/9) 
Rewarding/fun Summer. 
Swimming, horses, & more. 
www.daycampjobs.com. (3(1-
5131) 
Retail sales- La Jolla Cove Gifts-
10 to 20 hours per week- Start 
$8.00 plus per hour. (1) Block 
from cove. Parking permit provid-
ed. 8008 Girard #120. 
858.454.2297. (3/1-315) 
Great Summer Jobs! Roughing It 
Day Camp, SF East Bay. 
horse/swimlsports/waterfrontlroc 
kclimb . 925.283.3795/ 
jobs@roughingit.com (311-415) 
A.S. Lecture Notes is hiring note-
takers. $8.33lhr. and flexible 
hours. Call soon: 534.6238. (315-
3/12) 
Nanny needed to care for our 3 
1/2 and 1 year old on Mondays in 
Carmel Valley. Call Cindy 

858.755.92n. (315) 
$1500 weekly potential mailing 
our circulars. No experience 
Required. Free information pack-
et. Call 202.452.5940. (3/5-6/7) 
Articulate, enthusiastic students 
wanted to help raise funds for 
UCSD. $7.14-$10/hr. Contact 
UCSD Telephone Outreach 
Program at 822.1716. (3/5-3115) 

~- - - - -- -- -----

ROOMMATES 
Friendly, responsible non-smoker 
looking for three similar girls to 
find a condo for next school year. 
Call Kimmy 858.535.0148. (2126-
3/8) 
Large bedroom with private bath-
room and patio available after 
March 15th. $483.33/month . 
Near UTC. One female only. Call 
858.587.6798. (311-3112) 

FOR RENT 

AFFORDABLE 
LIVING 
. STUDENT . 

HOUSING I 
LA JOLLA· 
STARTING 

FROM THE LDW 
$400.0005. 

GuiRoWi CLASSIFIEDS 
Looking for a place to live? 
wwW.housing101 .net Your move 
off campus! Search for apart-
ments. Free roommate sublet 
listings. (9/19-617) 

FOR SALE 

ANYTHING BUT YOUR SOUL. 

Guiilolo CLASSIFIEDS 
Chevy 1990 Blazer for sale. 4x4, 

Real World Job Trainingl 

GUARDIA 
Sal ....... ~ 

(j.\ 

iA 
~ 

No Experience 
Required! 

QUALIFIED APPLICANTS 
MUS T HAVE GOOD 

CO MMUNICA TION SKILLS, 
AND RELIABLE 

TRANSPORTATION 

For addltlona. info call 
Romeo .t 534-3467 

or stop by the Guardian 
Office Student Center 

A, Room 217 

The UCSD Guardian 

V8, new trans/rear, CD, tow pkg, 
33" tires. Lots of fun. $73001bob. 
858.361 .0489. (3/5-318) 

WANTED 

,you. 

GuiRo. CLASSIFIEDS 
SUMMER DAY CAMPS. Seek 
staff whose summer home is in or 
need the San Fernando or 
ConeJo Valleys. Misc. 
Instructors & General COWlS. 
$2750-3500+ for summer. 
888.784.CAMP www.workat-
camp.com (211-6/7) 
~~~~~~ 
~ WOMEN ~ 
~ ~~:::~~~~ ~ ~ If you are 21 -30 ~ ~ years , healthy, bright ~ 
~ and responsible ~ 
~ 1-800-939-6886 ... 
~ All nationalities needed ~ 
V" GENEROUS V" 
~ COMPENSATION! ~ 

~~~~~~ 
Caucasian American research 
subjects reimbursed for interview. 
If you are a UCSD student, 21-
25, call 522-8585 x2182 for infor-
mation. (2126-617) 
Volunteers paid $30.00 for inter-
view. If you are of entirely 
Chinese, Japanese or Korean 
descent, age 21-25, call 552-
8585 x2182. (2126-6/7) 
Jewish American researcli sub-
jects reimbursed for interview. If 
you are a UCSD student, 21-26, 
call 552-8585 x4185 for more 
information. (2126-617) 
WANTED: PART TIME DRIVER 
for 10 weeks starting March 19. 
Mon-Fr, Twice per day. Must 
have your own car. $800 nego-

D 

tiable. Call 858.551 .7621 
suninek01958@aol.com. (3/1-
315) 

Vietnamese4 
Egg Donorfs 
Help an infertile couple 

have a child. Call if 
you are a healthy 

Vietnamese female 
between the ages of 

18 and 32. 
Compensation $3,500 
Ask for Kaylin @ 
(619) 265-4053 

Help wanted- mature female with 
references to do in home child 
care (UTC) & home care. Exp., 
non-smoker, love children. Mary 
623.3278. (3/5) 

-----

SERVICES 

SERVICES WITH THE RIGHT ATiiTUDE. 

SUiilOIAR CLASSIFIEDS 
Fraternities - Soro~les - Clubs 
- Student Groups Earn $100-
$200 this semester with the easy 
Campusfundraiser.com three 
hour fund raising event. No sales 
required. Fundraising dates are 
filling quickly, so call todayl 
Contact Ca!llpusfundraiser.com 
at 888.923.3238, or visit 
www.campusfundraiser.com 

CLASSIFIEDS 21 

(1/22-4/12) 

LOST & FOUND 
LOST: Blac~ spiral· bound note-
book with UCSD logo. Has notes 
on history, etc. Also contains 
poorly written poems. Please 
contact limerabbit@yahoo.com 
or 858.642.1892. (3/5) 

PERSONALS 
UCSD Guardian Personals. 20 
words or less. Free. Write almost 
whatever you want. Simple as 
that. (2122-3/15) 
Arvind Vasan- This is so unrea-
sonable! - Concerning last weeks 
swimming article, while careless-
ly throwing it together did you 
somehow FORGET what school 
you go to? Incompetent 
fool ... (315) 
Ahhh ... Passive-agg ressive , 
anonymous letters to the 
Guardian personals! The answer 
to all of life's great troubles! (3/5) 
Frani, Are you still leaving us? 
. Have we not convinced you to 
< .~Iay with all of our begging and 
groveling? Sigh ... what to do, 
what to do ... (3/5) 

It looks like a perfect d. 
The only problem is, it's a p. 

lI 's dyslexia. A reading disability where 
some kids confuse: !heir d's with their 
p·s, b's and q·s. But. with the righl help, 
most of !hese kids can go on to do we II 

Call 1·888·GR8·MIND 
or visit www.ldonline.org. 
THERE'S NO REASON TO BE HELD BACK 



• I 

22 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian 

Golf Tackles Home Tournament 
Andy Thompson leads the way for the Tritons with. a two-day score of 150 
By ROBERT FULTON 
Sports Editor 

The UCSD golf team won the 
Southern California Intercollegiate 
Golf Championship for the first 
time ever. 

This was the 51 st installment 
of the tournament. UCSD has 
played host to the event since the 
'70s. 

UCSD's score of 606 narrowly 
beat out Point Lorna Nazarene by 
one stroke. 

The next closest school was the 
Universi ty of La Verne, but it was 
not much of a threat at nine 
strokes back. . 

The tournament was held at 
Torrey Pines and Balboa Park , 
each a par 72. 

andy Thompson was the top 
individual Triton finisher with a 
two-round score of 148, good 
enough to tie him for third in the 
large field of players. 

Matt Howe finished eighth 
with a 150, Darin Sullivan tied for 
10th with a 153, Ben Page 
finished tied for 18 with a 155, 
and a score of 1 65 gave _ Blake 
Schneider a tie fo r 60. 

The top overall golfer was San 
Diego State's Mark Warman with 
an even score of 144. 

Next up for UCSD golf is the 
California State University San 
Marcos Invitationa l at San Luis 
Rey Down Golf Course at Bonsall 
today and tomorrow. 

Top Five Schools (scores) 
• UCSD (606) 
• Point Lorna Nazaren,e (607) 

. . 

• University of La Verne (615) 
• St. Martin's College (619) 

~~==-==r:e:;:::so:~. 
• University of Redlands (628) 

- . Rates 
- Pub Dates 

Study Abroad? 
Great prices! Programs designed with you in 
mind. Whether for semester, summer/winter, 
student-teaching or internships abroad, SUNY 
Oswego will broaden your horizons and make 
your resume shine, like the best apples! 

Remember, if you're thinking of going abroad, 
pick Oswego .. .the pick of the crop. 

www.oswego.edu/intled 
Oswego, State University of New York 

-Ad Sizes GUiRDIAN 
ClNLINE 

www.ucsdguardian.org 
-Specials 

----------------~-------------------------Please send me more information! 
Name: 

Addres 

Phone: 

...... f • 

E-mail: 

Program(s) of interest: 
Seme ter: ______________________________ __ 

Mail 10: Office of International Education 
SUNY Oswego Phone: 888-4-0SWEGO 

521 122A Swetman Hall Fax: (3IS) 312-2477 
NY 13126 E-mail: 

Monday, March S, 2001 

Track Shows 
Right Stuff 
at Irvine 
Rob Ewanio notches 
an NCAA berth in 
the shotput 
., ROBIRT FULTON 
Sports Editor 

The 'UCSD track and field 
team competed at the All-Cal 
Championships at [r.vine on 
Saturday. A number of athletes 
earned NCAA qualifying marks at 
the event. 

Rob Ewanio was the star for 
the men in the throwing competi-
tion. He logged a school record in 
the shotput with a distance of 54 
feet, 3-114 inches. 

The throw qualified Ewanio 
for the NCAA Division II champi-
onships. 

Ewanio also finished second in 
the discus arid the hammer 
throws. 

Also for the men , James 
Nielsen blazed to a first-place fin-
ish in the 1500-meter run, an 
NCAA Division II national quali-
fying run . . 

On the women 's side of com-
petition , Elizabeth Tsu has had a 
stellar season this year and con-
tinued to run well for the Tritons 
at Irvine. 

Tsu finished third in the 200 
and 400 meters. 

She also anchored both of the 
women's relay teams, the 400 and 
1600 meters, which each finished 
third. 

Also for the women, Jackie Vu 
cleared a height of 11 feet, 1 inch 
in the pole vault. That height is 
good enough for a NCAA 
Division " National 
Championship qualifying leap. 

The NCAA Division " 
National Championships will be 
held at the end of May. 

Next up for the Tritons is the 
Benny Brown Invitational on 
Saturday at 9 a.m. in Fullerton. 

Column: 
Both teams losing three 
starting seniors 
ContI ...... froIII ..... 24 

the helm, but it is the bigger girls 
that are a concern. 

I am not worried for the team 
though. Judy Malone has been 
coaching for longer than many of 
you have been alive. Just by will 
alone, she should be able to keep 
the team at a level of respectabil -
ity. 

The men are a different story, 
but it's not as bad as it looks. 

Last season they won only 
three games and this year they 
were victorious in only four 
match ups. But, like the women's 
team and the rest of the school, 
they moved up to the Division II 
level. [ believe that if they had 
stayed at Division III, they would 
have easily been .500, if not bet-
ter. 

They lost three starters, but 
most schools hav to deal with 
that just like the Tritons will . 
The team just looks to be in a 
funk that [ am sure it will get out 
of. 

Don't forget , head coach Greg 
Lanthier led them to 20 wins 
three seasons ago. That is not a 
fluke. It will happen again soon. 

See, I didn't rag on how much 
of a crybaby Ryan Leaf is; about 
how he is a failure and a loser. 
See, [ am way above all of that. 
Nope, [ kept this spot for an opti-
mistic thought; a thought fqr our 
basketball teams: The best you 
can is good enough. 

I am sure that Hungry Moses 
would be proud. 

Monday, March S, 2001 

Basketball: 
Tritons' starting front 
court plays final game 
ContInu ... frOIII ..... 24 
o and 15-1. Malone called a time-
out to get her players into shape. 

"It was like the first five min-
utes, everything that we had said to 
do in the pregame meeting we did-
n't do; Malone said. "We just 
called timeout and said 'Look it. 
This is what we told you to do. This 
is what you haven't done. Get out 
and do it,'" 

The Tritons quickly turned 
things around, pulling to within 
eight points, heading into halftime 
down 47-39. 

Offense was not the key to the 
comeback, but execution on the 

. other end of the floor got UCSD 
back into the game. Malone said 
the team stepped up its play on 
defense. 

UCSD tried to keep it close in 
the second half but to no avail as 
the Broncos eventually had a 20-
point lead at 71-51. 

UCSD did battle back to close 
to within eight points again on a 

_ couple of occasions with opportu-
nities to get even closer, but that 

- was as good as it would get as 
Pomona cruised to victory. 

UCSD boasted four women in 
double-digit scoring. 

Wrestling: 
Dedication and hard 
work founded a team 
ContI ...... frOlll ..... 24 
the 133-pound weight class, Andy 
Wang earned second in the 141 -
pound weight class, Mike Johnn 
garnered second in the 157-pound 
weight class, while Dave Hall got 
second in the 197-pound weight 
class. 

Representing UCSD with first 
place finishes were Kyle 
Kleinschmidt in the 174-pound 
weight class and Cory Nagel in the 
184-pound weight class. 

Water Polo 
Drowns 
Michigan 
Three fourth-period 
goals send the 
Tritons over the top 
By ROBERT FULTON 
Sports Editor 

The UCSD women's water polo 
team downed Big 10 powerhouse 
University of Michigan 5-2 at 
home on Wednesday. 

After three periods of tough 
play, the game was tied at two 
headed into the fourth period. 
That is when UCSD took off. 

The Tritons scored three goals 
in the final stanza to down a very-
tough Wolverines team that was 
ranked higher coming into the 
match. 

UCSD's Meris Bantilan-Smith, 
a freshman; scored the go-ahead 
goal with 6:37 remaining in the 
game, and the Thtons never looked 
back. 

Dana Thcker, Samara 
Silverman, Courtney Hemmerly 
and Emma Kudritzki also con-
tributed with scores for UCSD . 

Triton goalkeeper Megan 
Hubbs was stellar in the water, 
making 14 saves. 

For Michigan, Abbi Rowe and 
Melissa Ka~aJa each tallied a point. 
Goalkeeper Camille Clarendon 
made 12 saves in the cage. 

Heading into the game, UCSD 
was ranked 12th nationally and 
Michigan was No. 11 . The win 
improves UCSD's record to 5-6. 

~ichigan falls to 6-9-1 

The UCSD Guardian 

Kimberly Hong and ~hley 
Kokjohn led the squad With 12 
points each. 

"She was doing well at the 
beginning of the season, but then 

in the CCAA, a mediocre show-
ing. 

A second glance shows the 
strides that the program has 
taken . 

she got hurt," 
Malone said of 
Hong. "She was 
out for a while. 
She's tough. She's 
going to be a good 
player: 

Ali Ginn added 
11 points and 
Maya Fok chipped 
in with 10. 

This was the 

"There were times 
this year we didn't 
look hke Division II 
players, but then we 
were able to gut it 
out and capture 
some wins. " 

[n it's their first 
year at th e 
Division " level 
and in the tough-
est Division " 
conference in the 
nation. 

"There were 

last game for three -JINIr ....... 
seniors: Ashley Women's basketball coach 

times this year we 
didn't look like 
Division " play-
ers, but then we 
were able to gut it 
out and capture 
some wins," Kokjohn, Kimberly 

Neal and Genevieve Ruvald. 
Kokjohn had a stellar game in her 
swansong, scoring 12 points and 
pulling down 10 rebounds. Neal 
scored eight and Ruvald added 
three. 

"[ think they were great 
seniors; Malone said. "In their 
four years, twice they 'went to 
NCAA playoffs. They were 
recruited and brought in as 
Division III players and they had 
to step up and become Division II 
players. They all made the suc-
cessful transition: 

Another case where perception 
may not tell the whole story is the 
Tritons' season as a whole. They 
finished the year 15-12 and 11 -11 

And last but not least, 
Gottschalk nabbed the top spot in 
the 235-pound category. Not bad, 
considering this is the first year of 
competition for the wrestling 
team. 

"We're having a pretty good 
year," Gottschalk said. "The best 
thing is I'm the only one graduat-
ing. Everyone else is a first- or sec-
ond year so they're only going to 
get better." 

This is also the first year the 
team has had an official coach. 

Gottschalk enlisted the help of 
Tony Ontiveros, a head trainer for 
UCSD. 

"[ met him through rugby; 
Gottschalk said. "He wrestled at 

Malone said . "This conference 
thought we were going to be the 
dog meat of the conference." 

A preseason poll predicted 
UCSD finishing last in the confer-
ence. [t finished seventh out of 12 

Humbolt State and he 's helped us 
out a lot. He's worked out real 
well ." 

For these dedicated athletes, the 
season doesn't end with the 
nationals. Most participate in 
freestyle wrestling, which begins 
after nationals and goes through 
fall, giving them a year-round 
schedule 

For Gottschalk, the reward has 
been well worth it. 

"Just seeing the development 
and everything [has been a good 
memory): he said. "Coming in 
with nothing at all and turning into 
a team that has a chance to do well 
in nationals in my last year 
here. Hopefully ['II come back from 

Like to meet people ... 
Then we need you. 
If you're a UCSD student who's not afraid to get out in the 
wood, the Guardian could use you. As our advertising rep. 
you'll have flexible hours. 10% to 15% commission. and 
something on your resume besides mowing the lawn. 

Call Romeo at 
(151)534-346 7 
or stop by our 

GU" A-IROu·lcA·N- office upstairs the Student Center. 

teams. 
. "I'm pleased on one hand: 

Malone said. "Division II is a total-
ly different game. It's much more 
physical, much more aggressive. 
We stood up to it. 

"On the other hand I'm look-
ing at the games we lost. With a 
couple of more baskets and a lit-
tle more toughness we could have 
won: 

Next year will be interesting. [n 
Ruvald, Neal and Kokjohn, the 
Tritons lose their entire starting 
front court. Someone will have to 
step up. At guard, starters Fok and 
'Bromley are returning. The team 
also has a deep bench as that posi-
tion. 

"We're going to be really young 
next year," Malone said. "We're 
bringing in some more freshmen ." 

The Tritons end their 2000-
2001 campaign with much 
respectability, but with many ques-
tions for the future. 

nationals with a lot of good memo-
ries." . 

While Gottschalk ~on't be here 
next year, the wrestling club will 
continue to move ahead, as it is 
planning on transiting from a club 
team to a sports team. 

"Officially we're a club. We're in 
a probationary year to become a 
sports team. Hopefully we'll be a 
full-on sport team next year," 
Gottschalk said. 

So to all the unaware students 
out th~re, wrestling is alive and 
kicking here at .UCSD. [n light of 
the club's success and accom-
plishments, ~on't be surprised if 
you hear of the wrestling club 
again . 

SPORTS 23 

General Store • Grove Calfe 
HSS lecture Halls 

Harshall Dean 's Office 
Hed School library 

M.O.H. • Pepper Canyon Apts . 
Peterson Hall • Porter's Pub 
Price Center • bthskeller 

~egistrar's Office 
~mlle Sundry Store 

Solis Hall • TiogalTenaya Halls 
Warren lecture Halls 

York Hall • Undergrad library 
University Bookstore 

USE Credit Union 

G 
Outer Campus 

RIMAC • UNEX 
SuperComputer Center 

I nstitute of the Americas 
Gilman Drive Info Booth 

Torrey Pines Center 
North T.P. Info Booth 

SIO library • Snackropolis, SIO 
Niremberg Hall, SIO 

Thorton Hospital, ER 
Early Childhood Education (ntr. 

C • 5 Passport • Op., Photos ~ Copies: 
I ,.,~;~"'" $6~~= 155("",,, l 

All offers expire 3/3 1/ 01 ~ 4flM"'''.di",,, .. ,,.,,.·a;.mii'wmi ~ 
.3251 Holiday Ct. • across from EI Tor/to Z.S2-99Li9. 

------~-----------------

-



.... 

24 SPORTS 

.a..t_ ........ .... 

..... _ ... ........ 

_1tIIII1.a ..... ....... 
c..~YoII'" 
~stocII; ... ....... 
.... up ..... at...,; 
..... w!tlllt.· 

-Bud Geraci •• 
san Jose Mercury Ne". 

The State of 
Triton Bball is 
Not Too Bad 

Fulton 
Corner 

ROBERT FULTON 

N first, I thought about reserving this space for the ' nevitable: the critiquing of 
former San Diego Charger 
employee (the word "player" is 
too much of an overstatement) 
Ryan Leaf. 

You know, I would go on 
about how much he sucks and 
good riddance and what a waste 
he was. I also would have written 
about hpw I pity the Buccaneers 
for taking a chance on him. Then 
I would conclude my column 
with how I will miss him because 
he made my job so easy and that 
I wish 111m the worst (i .e. a career 
in the XFL or mopping the fl oor 
of a peep show booth) . 

I would also discuss how 
pleased I am with the Chargers, 
about the changes that they have 
made recently and that I feel they 
are on the right path to success. 
That would be my say and I 
would be done. 

But alas, I will not, and I shall 
focus my attention on something 
else, something that hits a littl to 
more c loser to home. I shall write 
about the state of UCSD basket-
ball at this school. 

It is an interesting state to 
look at. The men's and women 's 
programs are sitting at different 
spots. 

The women's team is in excel-
lent condition . It just finished its 
inaugural Division II year wi th 15 
wins. It definitely made a good 
transition to the next level. 

Next year looks kind of shaky. 
The team is losing three starters, 
composing its entire starting 
front line. The guard position is 
fine, especially with Maya Fok at 

See COLUMN, page 22 

Volleyball 
Comes 
Close Again 
Tritons fall to UCLA, 
Irvine in close three-
game sweep 
By ROBERT FULTON 
Sports Editor 

The UCSD men's vo lleyba ll 
team lost two matches this week-
end but held close in both of them . 

Friday the Tritons fell to UC 
Irvine 3-0 and suffered the same 
score Saturday against UCLA. 

Against Irvine, UCSD lost the 
first two sets by only two points 
each, 30-28 and 31-29. The Thitons 
fell in the final set 30-26. 

Against the Bruins, UCSD was 
surprisingly tough, not losing by 
more than two points in any of the 
three sets, falling 31 -29, 33-31 and 
30-28. The two losses drop the 
Tritons ' record to 2-13. 

Next up for UCSD is a home 
match Wednesday against Loyola 
Mar/mount at 7 p.m. 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, March 5, 2001 

PORTS 
Basketball Meets the End of·the Road 

O;w;d Pllz/ Guardian 
Mov. ov.r: Sam Higgins Ioolts to score during his final game as a Triton. 

Triton men's b~sketball closes out first 
season at Division II with a victory 
By ROBERT FULTON 
Sports Editor 

The UCSD men's basketball 
team wrapped up its 2000-2001 
season 'on a surprising high note, 
downing Cal Poly Pomona 74-70 
at home Saturday. 

The7ritons' inaugural season 
at the Division II level has been 
anything but memorabk They 
wrap up the season with a forget-
table 4-23 mark overaH, going 3-
19 in' the California Collegiate 
Athletic Conference. 

This was the . last game for 

three Triton seniors, all starters. 
Graduating are Cole Miller, Sam 
Higgins and Michael Martin. 

Higgins finished the game 
with 10 points and Martin con-
cluded the final game of his col-
lege career with 13 points. 

The top Triton scorer was 
Nick Christensen, the team's 
most valuable player, who scored 
18. 

Also this weekend, UCSD 
played California State University 
San Bernardino, but the results 
were not as pleasant, as tne 
Tritons lost 85-76. 

lyon Uew/ Guard18ll 
Ex· .... z ••• : Maya Folt drives by an opponent earlier this year. 

UCSD women's basketball ends a 
successful season with a 15-12 record 
By ROIIRT FULTON 
Sports Editor 

Some things can be judged 
differently based on one's percep-
tions. At first glance, the UCSD 
women's basketball team's 87-76 
loss to Cal Poly Pomona may 
have looked like a drubbing on 
our poor Thitons. 

A second glance shows that 
the game could have been a lot 
worse and that UCSD held its 
own against a much better 
squad. 

The Broncos came into the 

game already champions of the 
California Collegiate Athletic 
Conference while the Thitons 
have hovered around .500 this 
year. 

"I thought if we-kept [the mar-
gin of loss] under 20 it was going 
to be a good game,' said Thton 
head coach Judy Malone. 
"They're much more athletic 
than we are.' 

Early on, the game was in dan-
ger of being a laugher. The 
Broncos opened early leads of 1 0-

See BASKEIBALL, page 23 

Wrestling Team Thrives After Five Year~ _ 
Little-known club team sends a contingent to nationals in Dallas on Thursday 
By ISAAC PIARLMAN 
Associate Sports Editor . 

Five years ago Lonnie 
Gottschalk, an avid high school 
wrestler, came to UCSD and 
found nothing even close to 
wrestling on campus. No team, no 
trainer, no equipment, no coach 
- nada. 

"I wanted to wrestle,· 
Gottschalk said. "They had [a 
team) before and it fell apart for 
some reason or other. They just 
didn't have one so I started one: 

Five years later, Lonnie and 

six of his teammates are headed 
to nationals in Dallas this week-
end with an excellent chance of 
returning as national champi-
ons. 

Not a bad fruition to a project 
that started with just a few people 
interested in wrestling. 

"It finally took me three years 
just to buy a mat,· Gottschalk 
said. 

The club, like all other sports 
clubs, is funded by the Associated 
Students. Even after getting a mat, 
there was the issue of finding a 
coach and teams to wrestle 

against. 
"We tried to get stuff going on 

with other schools but nothing 
really turned out,· Gottschalk 
said . ·We wrestled San Diego 
State University earlier in the 
year, ami we beat them, but that 
was our only match. On the East 
Coast it's a lot more popular 
[than it is here) . They get about 
40 or 50 matches a year, but 
that's about it for us: 

Due to the lack of competition, 
the members of the wrestling club 
mainly practice with each other 
and prtpare for conference ftnals, 

which decides who goes to nation-
als. . , 

Tbis year the club, which 
boasts about 20 guys and 11 
weight classes, sent nine members 
to the conference finals last week-
end and came out of the weekend 
with seven members going to 
nationals . 

Squaring off against wrestlers 
from Utah. New Mexico, Arizona 
and San Diego State, Gottschalk 
and his teammates came up big. 
Nathan Uchida came in second in 

Set -....-. pagt 23 


