
StUcirt Collection Take a closer look at the Stuart Art Collection, which is celebrating its 20th anniversary this week. see ia US page 7 

Circulation 
11,000 

UCSAN DIEGO 

discovtry 

THE UCSD 
___ ~ARI ) THURSDAY November 1,2001 

www.ucsdguardian.org VOLUME ID4,ISSUE 13 
----------------------------------------------------------~--------~------------------------------------------------~, 

Students rally for more diversity Freshman 
A.S. senators 
take office 

Protesters crowd Price Center demanding affirmative action 
By EVAN McLAUGHLIN 
StaffWnter 

A rally and "Tricle or Treat" march advocating 
increased use of affirmative action in UC ~drnis­
sions policies was held Tuesday at the Price Center. 

The event coincided with "Nationa l Take 
Affirmative Action Day," a nationwide campaign 
involving thousands of students who support 
increased campus diversity. 

"The administrators must know that we, the stu-
dents, want justice, that we want an education, and 
most importantly that we want more students of 
color at UCSD," sa id Delia Pacheco of the campus-
based group Movimiento Estudiantfl Chicano de 
Aztlan . 

Since the 1995 passage of Proposition 209 and 
the inception of "UC Standing Policies I and 2," 
UCS D admissions numbers have shown a decline 
in admissions granted to various demographic 
groups. • 

The UC .Regents repealed SP-I and SP-2 in 
May, a move that was seen by many as largely sym-
bolic because using race in college admissions and 
hiring is now prohibited by California law. 

"Anything that increa es the awareness of the 
campus climate is helpful," said Edwina F. Welch, 
director of the Cross Cultural Center. " If you take 

See RALLY, Page 6 

Ch!is Padfoeld/Guardian 

A different drum: Student organizations put on a rally at the Price Center in support of reforming 
U.C admissions criteria to admit more minority students. 

A.S. Council gains eight 
non-Unity members 
By DANA WEST 
Senior Staff Writer 

The A.S. Counci l appointed Its fifth and 
final fTeshman senator on Oct. 25. The fresh-
man senators now account for five of eight 
voting counci lmcmbers who did not run on 
the Unity slate. 

The five were all present for the first timc 
at the Oct. 31 A.S. Council mceting. 

Because elections arc held in the spring, 
freshman senators are appoi nted by each col-
lege council. 

The new senators bring new opinions that 
" fit in great with the dialogue berwccn coun -
ci lmcmbers looking at all sides of an I~sue," 
said A .. Senate Chair ick Lichcrkllccht. 
"The counci ls did a spec tacular job at finding 
incredibly dynamic pcoplc to represent the 
ncw class." 

He said he thinks that the freshmcn will 
help ba lance the council. 

See SENATORS, Pag~ 2 

Muir, gravity destroy gourd IR/PS panel discusses 
u.s. response to terror Costume contest held in the Price Center Plaza 

By TYRONE TALLIE 
Contributing Writer 

Halloween spirit was alive 
and well on campus yesterday 
when the UCSD Bookstore held 
a costume contest and John Muir 
College celebrated its annua l 
pUlllpkin drop. 

Scores of contestants - com-
prised of stuuents, faculty and 
staff.- filled the Price Center, 
all hoping to win in one of rhe 
contest's four ca tegories: funni -
est, scariest, most creative and 
incredibly fantastic . 

"It was exciting to see every-
one dressed up," said Michelle 
Galyean , a Revelle freshman 
who stopped to watch the event. 

Two prizes were awarded in 
each of the four categories. In 
the funniest category, students 
representing characters from tile 
popular cartoon "South Park" 
won second place, while a stu -
dent dressed as exercise guru 
Richard Simmons claimed first. 

A group dressed as a variety 
of marine animals from the Birch 
Aquarium took second in the 
most crcative category; first 
place went to a woman dressed as 
an explorer caught in a jungle 
native's cooking POt. 

Second place for most fantas-
tic costume was awarded to a stu-
dent dressed as a swimmer - his 
costume was comprised of a 
bright red Speedo. First place 

See HALLOWEEN, Page J 

UCSD' professors present issues, 
answer questions at public forulll 

Anna MacMurdo/Guardian 

Full-moon fun: (top) An exploding 
pumpkin spevvs ItS guts at Muir. 0eft) 
'Tall skinny ,..mite guy in a red thong' 
places second at the costume contest 

INSIDE ... 

By LAURA McGANN 
Contributing Writer 

About 200 community mem-
bers and UCSD students gath-
ered Monday evening in thc 
International Reiations/Paci ri c 
Snldies A\IlI turiull1 to au n I . h 
forum "The 21 st CCI1I' \ . ... 
Sept. II and the Al il l: rrC ll1 
Rcsponse" The political science 
department ,lIld thc political sci-
ence honor society Pi Sigma 
Alpha organized the event. 

Attcndees heard five UCSD 
politi cal scic nce profe.sors -
Nathaniel Beck, David A. Lake, 
Sanford Lakoff, Samuel Popkin 
and Phil ip Roeder - discuss ter-
rorism and its implications for 

Opinion 
Those who inRict tenor on 

suP~POwttS deserve the 
~8r"'t."'"yL------------..Jc.2 milotat)' .ttion that foil ..... 
~&~."'m~.----------~2 Sttpaqt4 ~ ...... ~~ Opinion 4 
~C~~I~II~t.~C~MMct~~lon~--------~6 
Hlotuo 7 Sports 
~CD"-R"'rv!!.l~ow"'.'----------------1!11 UCSD let hockey ... eeps 
~Coltn!!!!!l!lcl9r!!:,,-----------------B.12 UCLA. Eost W.shlnqton 
~CIo!!1.!!!sl~I-~----------------~14 Unlvtrslly Ind C~ltq. or 
~CI!!!!uII!jS!l!!!!.!.L-------------.E15 Canyons. 
5 ~ ~ Set paqe 15 

U.S. policy and econ0l111CS ,IS lI'eli 
as it> Il11plicJtiuns for the ,\llud le 
East Following the prc~eJ1l,I­
tions, attl'ndccs were gi\'cn In 
opportunlt ), to a\k que.llons .Ind 
voice opinions. 

DUring the first half of the 
two-hour cvcnt, the prufessors 
spoke on different ,"Pl:l{S of ter-
rorism . Lake, the polillcal "lcnCl: 
departmcnt chairman, heg;1I1 by 
defining terrOrl~1I1 and ItS go.ds. 

"Terrorisl11 is the irregular usc 
of violencf: by non~tate groups to 

~chicve political ends," L'lke ~ald 
An extrcmlst terrorist IS SO Jile -

one who holds gOJ\; th.lt arc 
beyond his grasp, but won't settl e 

See tRIPS, 1'1I!:c 3 

Weather 
Thu~day Nov. 1: High 68 I Low 58 l . ...:. 

Friday Nov. 2: High 68 I Low 58 
Slturday Nov. 3: High 69 I Low 57 • .:::. 
Sunday Nov. 4: High 70 I Low 57 t~ 
Spoken 
-Anything that ,"OUstS the 'wareness of the 
campus climate IS helpful -

- Edwina Weich 
Olrector of rhe Closs Cu/rura/ Cenrer 

See stOl'( a boIIe 



2 NEWS 

EVENTS 
Frida , Nov. 2 
Dance/Party: Sonic 
Voyage 

The DJs and Vinylphiles Club is 
sponsoring a dance party at The Stage 
at Porter's Pub in the Student Center. 
The event will feature DVC DJs. 
Bottled water and pre-packaged food 
will be so ld inside. T he free event 
begins at 7 p.m. and is open to UCSD 
srudcnts only. For more information 
call (858) 534-0490. 

Performing Arts: Festival 
of Music and Dance' from 
India 

The Departmcnt of Music is spon-
soring tim Festival of Music and 
Dance from India in Mandeville 
Center room B21 0 at 8 p,m. Thc pro-
gr.lI11 IS the third night in the series. 
Gue>! arti st Shweta Jhaveri will per-
form , General admission IS $10; $8 for 
UCSD staff, facu lty, students and 
senior ci tizens. Attendees are invited 
to 10111 the artists for an open dialo!,'Ue 
before the performance at 6:30 p.m, 
For more information ca ll (858) 534-
4830, 

Saturda , Nov. 3 
Stuart Collection 20-year 
Anniversary 

The UCSD Sruart Collection is 
sponsoring a symposium in the Price 
Center Ballrooms celebrating the 20-
year anniversary of the collection. The 
event will feature the unveiling of the 
book, "Landmarks: Sculpture 
Commissions for the Stuart 
Collcction at the University of 
California, San Diego." T he sympo-
sium will last from 9 a.m, to I p,m" 
tours will run from 2 p,m, to 4 p,m" 
and music and dancing will commence 
at 9 p,m, Events are free and open to 
the public , For more information ca ll 
(85 8) 822-5550. 

Senators: 
Newest councilmembers 
seek to make impact 
Continued from page 1 

"Eight out of 20 senators will be 
no n-Unity senators," Lieberknecht 
said. "The dynamic will only improve 
and continue." 

Warren Freshman Senator Dina 
Randazzo has been a voting member 
since Oct. 10. 

'" never felt ou t of place [at A.S, 
Council meetings]." Randazzo said . 
"Everyone was really friendly. They 
are grea t." 

Randazzo said she has never fe lt 
that being outside of the Unity sla te 
was a disadva ntage at A.5. Council 
meetings , 

J argon used by more seasoncd A,S. 
Counci l members was sometimes con-
fusing at first, Randazzo sa id. 

"They used a lot of acronyms -
for example, SAAC - and , didn't 
know all of them," she said. "After twO 
full meetings, , am now comfortable." 

Randazzo sai d she plans on work-
mg With other freshman senators to 
l.mplclllent meetings for the freshman 
class to exchange ideas with its sena-
tors. 

Reve lle Freshman Senator Joachim 
Lyon attended his first Revelle 
College Counci l meeting Oct. 4, and 
hiS first A.S. Counci l meeting Oct. 25, 

"Both groups are really amazing," 
Lyon said. "In my attempts to get 
involved, , joined a group of people 
more interesting, kind, passionate and 
illlelligcl1l than , could ever have 
hoped to meet." 

Lyon's commitment to his position 

See FRESHMEN. Page 6 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

ETCETERA 

BRIEFLY 
Protein found to cause fever and chills 

Crypopyrin, an altered immune system protein, 
was identified as the cause of two rare disorders by 
Hal M. Hoffman, an assistant professor of medicine 
and pediatrics, along with other UCSD colleagues. 

One fever syndrome caused by aypopyrin, familial 
cold autoinflamatory sYndrome, causes rashes and 
other symptoms when exposed to cold air, Muckle-
Wells syndrome results in deafness and periodic fevers. 

Crypopyrin's role in causing these disorders was 
based on analysis of four families who have either 
FCAS or wrNS. Each affected person had one of four 
possible mutations in the gene for crypopyrin, while 
none were found in unaffected family members, 

However, the exact means throu~h which cry-
popyrin influences inflammatory reactJons through-
out the body is still unknown, Hoffman said. 

The identific4,tion of crypopyrin will help 
researchers unde~and the origin of these rare con-
ditions as well as provide direction in the search for 
causes of more common disorders, 

Research on fan blades may 
make airplanes safer 

New carbon-composite turbine fan blades for 
commercial and military planes are being engi-
neered by UCSD structural engineers in conjunction 
with NASA and the u.s, Air Force, 

John Kosmatika, a structural engineering profes-
sor at the UCSD Jacobs School of Engineering. is 
leading the project and notes that turbine fan blades 
are responsible for 80 percent of a plane's thrust. 

Turbine fan blades are less likely to break because 
they are lighter and tougher than metallic blades and 
have better faligue characteristics. The reduction in 
blade weight also makes them more resilient 

The new blades will also be safer because they dis-
integrate once they break. Older titanium blades lail at 
Ihe blade root and can tear through parts of the plane 
at extreme risk to Ihe aircraft and Its passengers. 

In addition, the composite blades will conserve 
energy and reduce noise because the hollow inter-
nal nb structure conlrols airflow more effectively, 
Composite material will also reduce production 
costs, 

The new blades will be lested next year and 
could be installed in airplanes as early as 2004. 

UCSD sponsors contest for 
Native American Heritage Month 

An essay and art contest in honor of Native 
American Heritage Month, which is observed in 
November, will be sponsored by UCSD to encourage 
the discovery and celebration of Native American 
culture and history. 

The contest which is presented by the Early 
Academic Outreach Program's American Indian 
Outreach Program and the University Events Office, 
is open to all San Diego County students in grades 
seven through 12. 

There are two categories, essay and art, and stu-
dents may submit one entry to each The author of the 
winning es~ win receive $SOO, with second and third 
places receiving $250 and $ 1 00, respectively. 

Art submissions must contain images of Native 
American culture and history. First place will be 
awarded $250, second place will receive $ 125 and 
third place will receive $50. 

All entries must be postmarked by Nov. 9. 

Researchers discover cause of 
liver drrhosis, develop treatment 

A mutated protein that stops excessive fibrous tis-
sue growth was developed by researchers in San 
Diego and the United Kingdom after discovering the 
cause of liver fibrosis and cirrhosis, 

Dr, Martina Buck, UCSD and visual arts 
research scientist and lead author of the study, 
was among four scientists to discover that regula-
tory protein C/EBP beta is responsible for exces-
sive scar tissue following an injury or chronic ill-
ness. 

Excessive buildup of fibrous tissue can cause 
disfiguring scars externally or clog vital internal 
organs, 
. The focus of the team's study was KAVD, an 
amino acid sequence that blocks another group 
of enzymes called caspases, which prevent the 
overproduction of fibrous tissue, When KAVD is 
mutated, test mice respond normally to liver 
injury and damage, without excessive scar tissue 
buildup, 

THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 1,2001 

ALISON NORRIS .. JEFFREY WHITE 
Editors ill Chief 

LAUREN L COARTNEY 
MII1UIging Editor 

MARYAM BANIHASHEMI .. 
ANDREW QUADRI 

Copy Editors 
MARGARET O'NEILL 

NtWS Editor 
GEOFF DIETRICH 

Auocillft NtWS Editor 
DIVYA RUNCHAL .. 
JENNIFER SPOSITO 

Opinion Editors 
JOSH CROUSE .. 

ISAAC PEARLMAN 
Sports Editors 

MALAVIKA GANGOLLY .. 
CLAIRE J. VANNmE 

F,aturrs Editors 
JOSEPH LEE .. CHARLIE TRAN 

Hiattls Editors 
LAURA BROWN .. ED WU 

Dflig" Editors 
LYON L1EW 
Pboto Editor 

KENRICK LEUNG 
GrllpiJics Editor 

ZHI-NING LIANG 
I#b Editor 

SENIOR STAfF WRITERS 
Pansa Bahanan. Angela carner. Theodore Dokko. 

8enrand Fan. lessIca Kruskilmp. Alex J Lee, 
Parra Lee. Sieve Lehlonen. LDra MoscnP. 

c.ssandra PIerce. Aran Sadla. SImone Sann",. 
Rebecca Wood. ArvInd Vasan 

STAfF WRITERS 
Mike 8ar1<er, lindsay Boyd. Valene Bums. 

0_ Bynum, Jacqueline Cheung. Gloria Chung. 
Anne Cong-Huyet1. Rinaldo Dorman, Mara Evans, 
Eugene Kym, Keda R. Fehon, Evan McLDullhlin, 

LDuren PoPP. Sharon Shapllo. Parnaz Tane" 
COPY READERS 

Melinda LaChance, carrie Ehzabelh Sklar 
DESIGNERS 

Aurelia Aguilar, jennifer Chang. 
cathenne ChIU, Mark Zabala 

PHOTOGRAPHERS 
Rebecca Drexler, Tyler Huff, Anna MacMurdo, 

Chns Padfield. DavId RIeS, Sam Scoufos. Sarah 
Slauch. Isaac Sullrvan, Scon Thomas. 

Colon Young-WolIf' 
ILWSTllA10RS 

Pat Leung. James P. Pascual 

PAMELA FRUGt 
Businm M"""gtr 

MICHAEl: FOULKS 
Advmising M"""grr 

MIKE MARTINEZ 
Advmismg An Dirtctor 

ANNETTE SHON 
Assisumt Busi",1t M""lIgtr 

ASSISTANT ADVEmSlNCi MANAGER 
Annie Le5aoart 

ADVEmSlNG ACCOUNT EXECUTM 
Melody Hu 

BUSINESS ASSISTANT 
Nicole Benson 

ADVERnSINCi DESIGN & LA'IOUT 
Lorelei BunJes. Philip Lee. Nick Silva 

CIRCULATION ASSISTANTS 
Andrew Chantr .. Andrew Chase. Greg Emmanuel. 

Phyllis Chu, Adam Monrgomery 
COMPUTER SUPPORT 

Andrew Chanlra 

CiuARoIAN ON LI N E 
www.ucsdguardian.org 

The tJCSD Q.m:bl ~ pyblished Mondays and 
Thursdays dunng !he academoc year by and for !he 
srudenls of UCSD, Reproduction of !h. newspaper In 
IIf'r/ forTT\ vhlher in ~ or in part. ~ perm~. 
,ion IS strictly prohibited C> 2001 . al r'l!hi> rese<Ved, 
The tJCSD Guardian ~ no! responsilIe roc !he retum 
of unsoicied ~ or art The views expressed 
hereon do not necessa<Jy ~ !he oponoos of 
The tJCSD Guordion, !he University of C.hlom,. or 
lhe AssoCialed Studen!>, The UCSD GtJord,on IS 
funded solely by advertISing. 
Fronl-page porn. 

General Editorial : 534-6561 
News and Features: 534-5226 

Opinion, Sports and Photo: 534-6562 
Hiatus: 534-6563 

Advertising Office: 534-3466 
Fax: 534-7691 

E·mail : edltor@ucsdguardlan.ori 
Web: h!Cp://www.ucsdguardlan,ori 

The UCSD Guardian 
1500 Gilman Dr. 0316. 

La Jolla. CA tlotl-Oll 6 
Actual location: Second FIC)()(. UCSO 
Student Center Bulldl,. A. Rm, 217 

THURSDAY, NOVEMBER I, 2001 

Halloween: 
Second-best costume 
consists of red Speedo 
Continued from page 1 

was given to a costume that resem-
bled Ursula from Disney's "The 
Linle Mermaid." 

The scariest costume award was 
given to a man dressed as the 
mechanica l Borg from "Star Trek: 
The ext Generation." 

Not to be outdone, Muir 
College hosted its own Halloween 
spectacle, holding the 26th annual 
Pumpkin Drop at the Muir resi -
dence halls. 

At 12:30 p.m. students pushed 
Chuck, a I 55-pound pumpkin, off 
the 11th Ooor of Tioga Hall. 
Students cheered as the candy-
filled pumpkin hit the ground. 

,Whitc the pumpkin drop itself 
attracted the most anention, the 
lawns directly in front of Tioga 
and Tenaya Halls were sprinkled 
with booths maintained by differ-
ent Muir groups and remained 3 
hubbub of acrivity - complete 
with music and a barbecue - long 
after the - pumpkin had been 
dropped. 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

" It was fabulous," sa id Benita 
Ch ung, a Muir junior. "The booths 
were amazing and everyone 
seemed to be havi ng a great time." 

Lyon Uew/Guordion 

Splat: A child sifts through pumpkin goop for candy after the enOl111ous 
vegetable was dropped off Tioga Hallin John Muir College on Wednesday. 

IR/PS: 
Panel fields questions 
about war on terrorism 
Continued from page 1 
for less. Extremist terrorist groups 
use the strengths of their target 
against itself and seek to provoke a 
response," 

Roeder discussed the signifi -
cance of the anacks on the United 
States ancl how he believes the 
nation should respond. 

"The events of September are 
important because they shook the 
myth that it docs not pay to attack 
the U,S,," he said . "The United 
States must design a policy to 
restore this myth," 

Popkin further discussed U .S. 
policy, emphasizing the need for 
the U,S, government to create a 
balance. 

Beck said the current recession 
is not a result of recent events but is 
a result of pre-existing economic 
conditions, , ' e also expressed some 
optimism. 

"We were ha vi ng bad economic 
times before Sept. It ," Beck said, 
"At this point, [the current e~o­
nomic situation] looks like a cycli -

ca l recession. We are fairly good at 
dealing with cyclical recessions." 

Lakoff concluded the formal 
presentations with a discussion on 
the Middle East. 

"The only way we are going to 
turn the Middle East around is 
through active and creative inter-
vention in it," he sa id. 

Mer the talks, members of the 
audience asked the panel questions 
and raised varying concerns. 

One attendee questioned how 
the world is viewing U,S actions 
and asked if the United States is 
viewed internationally as a "bully." 

Roeder said he did not believe 
this to be the case. 

"A nation has the right to 
defend itself, which is vastly differ-
ent from bullying," he said. 

One audience member sa id he 
opposed waging any war with the 
minimi za tion of casualties in 
mind . 

"You don 't win a war by worry-
ing about civilian casual ties," he 
said , • 

When he cited instances of lllass 
gassings of towns during World 
\!\far II , two audience members 
stood up and walked out. 

One UCSD student asked how 
the United States was goi ng to 

Get me the 
$0/o#!&@ 

ut of here! 

, , 
(We understand 

completely.) 

'---_'itdTRAVEL I 
4415 Mission Blvd., Ste. F 

858.210.1150 clt#1017560.40 
www.statraveillcorn 

end the roots of terrorism in such 
places as Pakistani schools where 
anti-American sentiments are 
taught. 

"What are we supposed to do, 
tell them to change their curr icu-
lum?" he said. 

Mike Kung, president of Pi 
Sigma Alpha and timekeeper for 
the event, said he hoped the forum 
would get people talking. 

'" hope it might spark a debate 
within the community because we 
are in a situation in which we have 
never been before," Kung said. 

Kung also said he was pleased 
with the rurnout, 

"I was pleased with this 
evening's turnout; there was a good 
mix of people - smdents and CQlll-
munity members," he said, 

Lake said he was pleased with 
the response frol11 the politica l sci-
ence department regard ing the 
recent events. 

"The politica l science depart-
ment has become more interested 
in being involved," he said . 
"Faculty members have appeared 
on local television shows and writ-
ten articles for the UlIiOIl-T,.ibulU, 
Over double the number [of facul -
ty] we needed wanted to participate 
tonigh t," 

See our Booth on Campus in front 
of the Career Center, November I , 

10 a,m,-2 pm, 
Weste rn Financial Planning Corpora-
ti 0 n, a prOVider of onveslment Crvlces 
sonce Ihe 19705. has pari· lime openongs 
laflernoons and evenonglilo earn $7-$10 
per hour gelling profeSSional experience as 
a Financial Planner Intern 
Those career· ml nded In the Fonanclal 
Plannong field will be asslslmg planners on 
research , analysrs. demographiC and 
markelrng proleclS. as well as prospecling 
and telemarkelmg Students Will also reo 
celve the benef,ls of attending classroom 
ttaonong presented by semor planners 
Candldales should have IUOIor or senior 
slandmg In bUSiness, finance, markelJng or 
communlcallons and sales experience 
Siudents mUSI be avai lable 12·9 p m. two 
days a week, excluding Fridays 
Please contact us al our corparale headquar-
lers, Weslern Financial Planning Corp., 
5186 Carroll Canyon Road. San Diego, 
CA 92121; Or contact Sharl.n. Tracanna 
at 1-888-465-PLAN; Fax: 851·677-0476; 
E-mail: trlclnnl@wfpc.COIII. fOE 
VISit our Web slle at' www.wfpc.com. 

Western 00 Rnancial 
Planning 
Corporation 

NEWS 3 

UNIVERSITY CENTERS 
would like to announce 

On-site seated Massage 
by licensed massage professional 

Mariah Guillot 

Price Center Theater lobby 
Monday to Thursday, lOam to 2 pm 

Price Center library lounge 
Monday to Thursday, 7 pm to 9 pm 

$1 per minute 

Ava ilable to the entire campus community. 

THE MUIR MUSICAL ENSEMBLE 
ANNOUNCES AUDITIONS FOR ITS SPRING SHOW: 

Tues. Nov 6, starting at Spm 
@ Galbraith Hall 

ffmiBmI 
Wed. Nov. 7, 6-9 pm 

@ the Dance Studios 
Please have II 1-2 minute song prepared Come prepared to dancel 

and a 1-2 minute monologue Sign up fOf a Routine Will be laught 
time at the Theatre and Dance Dept 

l :t~:fjf,.wJ:ma IS NEEDED! A GREAT EXPERIENCE! 
For any questions or for more information please email either' 

Joshua Dullaghan at Joshua2080@hotmall.com or 
Patty Mahaffrt, pmahaffey@ucsd edu or call (858) 534-1453 

Rogue 
Portland 

Gold Nectar 
Firestone 6.PACK plus lox & CRV 

ijOVER 300 BEERS, specializing in micro-breweries ~ • Imported cigarettes, cloves, and American Spirits 
• Premium cigars and accessories 

TR~ OUR SANDWICH DELI! ~~ 

~.. _. '. CHECK OUT ••• ;:; <'j.::.:.':' Our vast selectian of gih wraps, greeting cards, gourmel .• .. poslries, chocolales, specially wines and liquers! 



THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 1,2001 

EDITORIAL 
Alison Norris, Editor in Chief 
Jeffrey White, Editor in Chief 

Lauren I. Coartney, Managing Editor 
Divya Runchal, Opinion Editor 

~sh Crouse, Sports Editor 

Terrorism bill may 
prevent further 
attacks on America 

The U.S.A. Patriot ct was signed into law 
by President Bush on Ocr. 26 after the bill 
flell" through Congress with little opposition. 
This antiterrorism legislation expa nds the fed-
eral government's power to wiretap and gath-
er foreign intelligence., among other things. 

Though the bill was obviously a direct reac-
tion to the Sept. 11 attacks and its scope is 
somewhat limited, the Guardian supports its 
provisions, and we commend Congress and 
the president for making it law. 

Tht! law can be effective on organized 
effortS to commil terrorism on the United 
States because it goes after terrorists and their 
money, 3S opposed to simply beefing up 
nationwide security. 

Just increasing security at airports and 
other strategic locations around the country 
does little to prevent terrorism. There is prac-
tically an infinite number of targets in this 
country, and there is no way we can make all of 
th em secure. \Ne are much better off going 
a fter the terrorists themselves, which is exact-
ly what this legislation attempts to do. 

Among the important points of the act are 
provisions that expand federal authorities ' 
ability to wiretap those suspected of being 
involved in terrorism. 

B~fore the bill was signed, federal agents 
obtamed warrants to tap specific phones. This 
is ridiculous, because it is not the phone that 
they are interested in, but the suspect using 
the phone. This legislation attaches the war-
rant to the suspected individuals so that no 
matter how many cell phones they go through, 
or how many phone lines they have · direct 
access to, authorities will still be able to access 
their telephone conversations in gathering · 
intelligence. 

The legislation also extends the same wire-
tapping rights to e-mail. This is necessary and 
fai r; there is simply no reason that an elec-
tronically sent message should be more pro-
tected than a telephone conversation. 

Another controversial provision allows the 
government to detain immigrants suspected of 
being involved in terrorism for up to seven 
days without filing charges. 

This gives federal authorities mor,e freedom 
t~ question suspected terrorists - say, at an 
al rp.ort or border crossing - without actually 
havmg probable cause. Currently, if suspected 
international terrorists are known to be in the 
count!)', they cannot be questioned unless they 
commit a cnme, or unless authorities have 
enough evidence to actually charge them with 
a crime. This simply cannot be done some-
times, especia lly if the person is suspected of 
terrorist activity in other countries. 
. !here is potential for these particular pro-

VIsIons to be abused. This cannot be denied. 
However, lawmakers realized this possibility 
and wisely included a sunset clause that causes 
the wiretapping and detention provisions to 
expire i.n four years unless they are explicitly 
passed mto law again. If abuse is discovered, 
we are not stuck with this law. 

T he remaining provisions are aimed mostly 
at finding terrorists' money by requiring more 
disclosu re by foreign banks, among other less 
significant details. 

We must allow our government the tools to 
fight terrorism here in the United . States. It is 
a sad fact that we will never be able to prevent 
terrorism. This bill helps the federal govern-
ment pursue larger, more organized terrorist 
networks, and in that respect it could save 
many lives in the long run. 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN OPINION 4 

OPINION 

Pat leong/Guardian 

A heinous attack on freedom justifies 
our nation's military strikes 

We must defend our liberty from the threat of terrorists 
By RYAN DARBY 
Staff Writer 

"Those who would sacrifice freedom 
for security deserve neither." Thomas 
Jefferson's words remain as true today as 
when he said them 225 years ago on the 
eve of our nation's liberation from tyran-
ny and oppression. 

The horrors of Sept. II and its conse-
quences - both good and bad - have 
compelled this American, among count-
less others, to rethink his concept of free-
dom - both its value and its price. 

The heinous acts of Sept. II not only 
butchered thousands of innocent 
Americans, but attacked the freedom that 
is so intrinsic in our everyday lives that 
we often take it for granted. After all, 
when was the last time we were forced to 
question it? Our generation did so during 
the escalating arms race of the 1980s, but 
while our parents were walking us to 
kindergarten, unbeknownst to our gener-
ation, President Reagan won a Cold War 
so we would.'t have to. . 

Our parents tell us that growing up in 
the 1960s involved fear of nuclear annihi-
lation at the hands of the Soviets. We can 
only thank God our grandparents' gener-
ation subverted such a calamity. It is they, 
moreover, who know better than anyone 
what it's like when freedom comes into 
question. 

My grandfather landed with thou-
sands of other young Americans on 
Omaha Beach during the battle that lib-
erated Normandy, France and led to the 
end of Nazism and Adolf Hitler's con-
quest of the free world. My grandfather 
knew as well as his parents that Hitler 
would not stop with Europe; he would 
never stop until all of the world fell 
before his tyranny. My grandfather faced 
25 percent survival odds on that beach 
not because he had to, but because he 
shared the fierce determination of an 
entire generation to defend democracy 
for his unborn children to enjoy. 

Sept. 11, 200 I resembled Dec. 7, 
1941 more than we would like to believe' 
just as the attack on Pearl Harbor was th~ 
end of the innocence of one generation, 
the Day of Terror was the end of the 
innocence of our own. On Sept. 10, we 
went to bed ready to get up and go to 

work. The victims of that tragedy did just 
that: They got up and went to work just 
like they would on any other day. The 
rest of us awoke horrified by the sight of 
the World Trade Center smoking and 
burning. Untold thousands died before 
our very eyes. The crumbling of those 
pillars of freedom was the momentary 
crumbling of our spirits; we knew the 
world would never be the same. 

For a moment, it was almost conceiv-
able that evil had won. For a moment, 
America was on its knees. For a moment, 
Americans panicked and hurriedly 
bought all the bottled water and canned 

The terrorists wanted us 
to tremble in fear; they 

wanted us to be afraid to 
go to work, go on 

vacatipn, fly aboard 
airplan~ invest in our 

stock markert, and afford 
ourselves the items of 

luxury that have marked 
the triumph of capitalism, 

Obviously, they failed. 

food they could at the grocery store, just 
in case. For a moment, gas shot up to $6 
per gallon in some places. For a moment, 
America was incapacitated by fear and 
grief, 

It was, however, only for a moment. 
America began to heal. Maybe you've 

noticed that wherever you shave, be it 
your face or your legs, the hair grows 
back thicker, stronger and more resilient. 
Such is the American spirit. That terrible 
tragedy has fostered a determination to 
continue living with a newfound appreci-
ation for the freedom that permits us to 
do so. 

The terrorists wanted us to tremble in 
fear; they wanted us to be afraid to go to 
work, go on vacation, fly aboard air-
planes, invest in our stock market, and 
afford ourselves the items of luxury that 
have marked the triumph of capitalism. 
Obviously, they failed. Not only are 

Americans going about their lives just as 
they had before the vicious attack on 
their freedom to ' do so, but they are 
doing so with resolve and solidarity. 
Americans are buying flags , banners, pins 
and stickers right and left - not because 
they never loved their country before, 
but to show they love it now more than 
ever. 

The Taliban, along with other U.S.-
hating tyrants hiding behind the name of 
Islam, spreads its lies to its people, invok-
ing the hatred of an uneducated, third 
world populace upon the United States. 

We, however, see through their pro-
paganda. The terrorists hate us because 
we ally ourselves with Israel; they hate us 
because OUT women are allowed to show 
their faces in public and enjoy the same 
civil liberties as men. They hate us 
because we are taught math, science and 
liberal arts in school rather than the 
Koran. They hate us because of the 
bountiful free market we have estab-
lished; they hate us because our democra-
cy is based upon freedom, especially the 
freedom to practice any religion we 
choose. They claim to hate us because of 
our vices, but that is a bold-faced lie -
they hate us for our virtues! Moreover, 
their evil plans will always fail, for they 
can never succeed in damaging any of 
these virtues, for each is a pillar of a free-
dom indivisible by any evil. 

As we continue to recover and pro-
~eed along the road to success at home, it 
IS clear that we must protect ourselves 
and our children from the terror that has 
plagued the rest of the world for decades. 
Just as our grandparents ensured our 
freedom, it is time for us to do the same 
for the sake of our own unborn children 
and grandchildren. 

The absence of a severe mil itary 
response would have invited countless 
other terrorist acts ag,!inst the American 
people. When your very livelihood is in 
danger, you must stand up for yourself 
and the principles that define the stan-
dard of living that you want to guaran-
tee for future generations. The Taliban 
and other criminal regimes would never 
hand over bin Laden and his cronies 
through the diplomatic methods some 

~t FIEEDOM, page 5 

THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 1,2001 THE UCSD GUARDIAN OPINION 5 

Freedom: 
The Taliban cannot be 
reasoned with 
Continued from page 4 

by ref)Jsing to stand during the 
"Star Spangled Banner," which 
I'd say is not only unpatriotic, but 
downright distasteful. 

All majors deserve respect 
If any word could describe 

how they appeared that day, it 
would be foolish. 

Many communication students face scorn 
would advocate; this much is 
obvious because we've been ask-
ing the Taliban to ~xtradite him 
for the past eight years. They've 
watched our military destroy 
their bases, kill their soldiers, 
disrupt their communications 
and ravage their country, yet 
they still refuse to hand over bin 
Laden. 

The Taliban is clearly beyond 
reason, and it's senseless to think 
they'd ever voluntarily extradite 
their poster boy of hatred and 
butchery. 

The Pro-America Rally last 
week'at the Price Center demon-
strated the loud patriotic voice of 
the students of an ordinarily apa-
thetic student body. It was a day 
to celebrate our liberties as 
Americans, stand vigilantly before 
the flag that symbolizes them, and 
emphasize that if we don't sup-
port those who protect those 
rights, they will be lost. Several 
terrific speakers highlighted the 
event, including former San 
Diego mayor and top-rated local 
talk show host Roger Hedgecock, 
who subsequently broadcasted his 
KOGO show live from the Price 
Center. 

A few scant protestors tried to 
spoi l the event, but they were paid 
little attention. 1f anything, they 
showed how insignificant they are 
in the grand scheme of things. 
They also resent the un-American 
stigma bestowed upon them, yet 
several showed their true colors 

I won't even call these individ-
uals liberals; as Clllifornill Review 
editor in chief Terrence 
Morrissey stated in its last issue, 
"They do not contribute con-
structive dialogue in our cities 
concerning public policy issues. 
They maintain no ~ongressional 
representation ... 

I recognize their freedom to 
speak as candidly as they wish; in 
turn, I hope they recognize that 
our servicemen are fighting 
abroad for the flag that alJows 
them to say this and whatever else 
pops into their minds. I'm not 
going to w~te any more thought 
on them for the time being. 

Is there any reasonable alter-
native to war? If so, nobody seems 
to know what it is. If you come up 
with answers that share the same 
divine intervention as 
"Demilitarize the Middle East" or 
"Capture bin Laden," I suggest 
you contemplate how to achieve 
those goals and why you think 
you 're smarter than the military 
strategists who have made careers 
out of planning for the dilemmas 
you just began pondering two 
months ago. 

More than anything, compare 
your lifestyle to that of those who 
have suffered under the Taliban 
and then realize how much your 
freedom means to you. Above all, 
be united; terror discriminates 
against no one. This is an enemy 
that we must fight and will defeat 
together. 

By KECIA R. FELTON 
Staff Writer 

I am a ... a ... co . .. I am a 
comm ... OK, I'm a communica-
tions major. There, I said it. Laugh 
if you want. Poke fun if you feel the 
need. But I am a communications 
major and I am proud of it. 

Last week, I was walking 3 few 
paces ahead of a giggly pair of girls. 
As they swapped the horrors of their 
science and computer majors and the 
stringent requirements placed on 
them, they vehemently agreed that 
at times like these, "Don't you wish 
you were a comm major?" 

I turned to these two absent-
minded future geneticists and 
squinted, and in disgust, I said, "I 
happen to love my comm major," 
Both girls quickly shut up. 

Much to my dismay, I have 
noticed that there is a level of disre-
spect assigned to the communica-
tions major. Our sociology or psy-
chology counterparts fare no better. 

T he communications major 
may not be the most difficult major 
in terms of equations and calcula-
tions, and it may not be the major 
guaranteed to be lucrative after its 
graduates walk, but it does serve an 
invaluable purpose. 

First, the communications 

. l 

department is preparing students for 
careers in cognitive research, media 
and advertising amongst a plethora 
of other professions. Even though 
the communications curric'Ulum has 
its flaws, at UCSD, there is no other 
major that caters to this desire more 
efficiently. The communications 
major is preparing students like 
myself for our prospective careers in 
the same fashion that, say, computer 
engineering is training the future 

;, .' r .!.~ ~ ;.; ~ (,.- Ci.!." I I .. v /, i, i 11 ! ~. ; ,; it ' I If 1" I 
.! • .. .. \ !ow ~ ~ ",",,' 

i~ .. :_~ _ .~ __ ... -..'U.~". "' •. _____ ,,~. _ A _ ...... __ J 

"I I,OVED THE BEJEEZUS OUT OF I'.r!" 
- IH C HAIlD SI(ANS.:, ROI.I.ING S'I'ON.' 

'TERRY AIALEN· 
AND THE PANiIANDLE MYSTERY BAND 

WEST TEXAS COUNTRY ROCK 

LIVE at UCSD 
Nov. 3 

PRICE CENTER 
BALLROOM 

9· midnight 

FREE 
ADMISSION 

NO HOS T BAR 

DAN 'ING 

Known for collaborations with well known innovators such 
as ex· Talking Head, David Byrne, Terry Allen stirs our American 

psyche with words, images, and mUSic. 
Allen and his Panhandle Mystery Band can be heard on their latesl CD, 

Salivalion. 
Terry Allen, multi·media artist and composer of international renown, IS Ihe artisl 

of Ihe Stuart Collection's singing and talking Trees. thiS pertormance is offered in 
conjunction with Ihe 20th anniversary celebrations of the Stuart Collection. 

For more information call 858.822.5550 

computer wizards of America. Two 
very different professions, but nei-
ther is any more or less of a societal 
necessity. 

Furthermore, perhaps commu-
nications is a major that people stecr 
toward when sti ll in the deciding 
phase of their academic career. But 
these people should not be dis-
counted as completely wishy-washy. 
They don't want to sit in front a 
computer or solve formulas for the 
rest of their lives. I can hardly knock 
someone for coming to that conclu-
sion if math or science simply isn't 
their forte . Can you? 

I recently asked my former 
roommate, Puneet, why she was 
suffering through her grueling 
electrical engineering major if she 
had such an aversion to its require-
ments. She looked at me as if I had 
asked her to run away with me to 
join the circus "Because I want to 
be rich," she relilied as she shook 
her head in an annoyed manner. 

Duh. I guess I forgot tha t 
money should be the definitive fac-
tor that shapes your current life and 
your future, even if it drives you 
toward majors that you can't stand 
and lands you in a career that saps 
you of your livelihood. But I'm just 
a comm major - what do I know? 

Puneet is in good company. She is 
among a myriad of students who do 
not enjoy their studies but cannot 
manage to see past the dollar signs 
when they are engaged in course-
work that is unfulfilling and disheart-
ening. My comm major is preparing 
me for a career in journalism and 
news media. Upon graduation,l am 
promised at least a "hefty" $25,000 
without a signing bonus in sight. Am 
I considering switching my major to 
the more profit- garnishing bio-engi-

ncering' No. Ami going to be happy 
doing what I love' Yes. 

The girls I encountered while 
walking to one of my many commu-
nications courses should be morc 
pensive when they arc making statc-
ments with.in carshot. A lcap from 
whatever majors they are currently in 
to the communications dcp:1rlmcnt 
w uld not be advisablc. 
Communications majors typically 
have to read an average-sized book 
each week - per course. I t is not 
unusual to have to write three-, four-
and five-page comprehensive essays 
twice a quarter for each class as well. 
When midterms roll arowld, we 
don't need a scientific calculator but 
we do need a blue book. A blue book 
that we are required to fill from cover 
to cover, in class, demonstrating our 
mastery of the course material -
and, by the way, spelling counts. 

When I hear people making 
degrading comments regarding my 
major, or psychology, sociology or 
visual arts programs, I likc to 
respectfully remind them that it 
takes all professions to make this 
world go around. The communica-
tions major is both easier and more 
difficult than science-based disci-
plines, depending on what aspectS 
of the major are being focused 011 . 
And perhaps communications 
majors are not the junior million-
aires of America, but how can one 
quantify job satisfaction? 

For the couple thousand com-
munications majors like myself, the 
decision to study communications 
came after careful deliberation. On 
this account, we should be granted 
long-overdue respect. It may not 
promise its graduates lots of dollars 
right away, but in the long run, com-
munications makes more ensc. 



6 NEWS 

Rally: 
Protesters march to 
Watson's office 
Continued from page 1 
a look at all of the ~ rudents that are 
here wday, they are all here 
hccau,e they care about their cam-
pus experience." 

t\ "Death to Diversity" grave-
\'.1 rd was const ructed in the Price 
(~ell t er Plaza, including tomb-
stones presenting statistics that 
mdicate the gradual decrease in 
acceptance of African-Americans, 
Native Americans and Latinos. 

In 1997, the combination of 
these three ethnic groups account-
ed for I J percent of UCSD 's 
ad missions pool. T his figu re 
dropped to less than 2 percent in 
2000. 

"We are told that we ju~t have to 
work harder, that we should com-
plain less, and that anyone can 
make it," said Denise Pacheco, a 
member of MEChA and Students 
for Economic Justice. "But as we 
look at our university ... we know 
that there are not even enough 
African-American students to fill a 
lecture hall, showing that we are 
sti ll very separate and unequal." 

A concert featuring 4th Avenue 
Jones, a Los Angeles-based hip-hop 
group, kicked off the event. 

Student speakers and perform-
ers, as well as professor Ross Frank 
of UCSD's ethnic studies depart-
ment, then took the stage, sharing 
their insight on how to make 
UCS D more diverse and more 
accessible to minorities. 

Afterward, the crowd marched 
to Vice Chancellor of Student 
Affairs Joseph Watson's office, 
where the partici pants made their 
demands. They advocated chang-
ing the current UC admissions pol -
icy when the UC Board of Regents 
meets later this month. 

Frank, who is the chairperson 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

Chris Padfield/Guordion 

Hip-hop adion: Los Angeles-based hip-hop act 4th Avenue Jones raps it up on 
stage in the Price Center on "National Take Affirmative Action Day." 
for the Affirmative Action and 
Diversity Committee at UCSD, 
said that UC policy "more or less 
states that representative access to 
education is to reflect the demo-
graphics of California's popula-
tion." 

Census statisL.CS show that per-
centages of Latinos and African-
Ameri<:ans in California are 32 
percent and 7 percent, respective-
ly. The two ethnic groups make 
up 2 percent and I percent of the 
student body at UCSD, respec-
tively. 

Students from campus groups 
such as the Associated Students, 
SEJ , Student Affirmative Action 
Committee, Coalition of South 
Asian People, MEChA, Kaigiban 
Pilipino, African-American Student 
Union and Asian Pacific Student 
Al liance helped organize Tuesday'S 
event. 

Rally speakers urged the 
removal of students' pictures from 
StudentLink to protect the student 
body from "potential racial profil -

ing." 
Speakers also advoca ted 

expanding the curriculum of the 
literature, ethnic studies, and his-
tory departments to include a 
wider cui tural range, and asked for 
increased funding for the Cross 
Cultural Center, the Women's 
Center, and the Lesbian, Gay, 
Bisexual, Transgender Resource 
Office. 

Proposition 209, also known as 
the California Civil Rights 
Initiative, mandates that the state 
"shall not discriminate against, or 
grant preferential treatment to, any 
individual or group on the basis of 
race, sex, color, ethnicity or nation-
al origin in the operation of public 
employment, public education or 
public contracting." 

Members of the A.S. Council 
also had a presence at the rally. 

"Affirmative action is not 
designed to discriminate," saidJenn 
Brown, A.S. Vice President 
Internal. "It is a means to end dis-
crimination." 

Freshmen: 
New appointees get 
acquainted with council 
Continued from page 2 
led him to leave UCSD crew so 
he could focus entirely on his sen-
atorial duties . 

Lyon was appointed in time 
to vote on the RCC resolution in 
response to this year's first issue 
of Tht Koala. He voted in favor 
of the resolution, which passed. 
The content of Tht Koala war-
ranted a response, he said, 
because Revelle students were 
offended. 

"We must be careful not to 
sacrifice free speech while 
defending the feelings of those 
seriously offended by the article, " 
Lyon said. "Thus, the resolution 
essentially promoted free speech 
while hoping that in the future 
Tht Koala uses good judgment 
based on community-building in 
[its) own way." 

Muir College Council 
appointed Melanie Cohn to the 
position of freshman senator. 

Cohn said she is interested in 
starting a freshman newsletter to 
facilitate communication with 
students. 

She admits she is still adjusting 
to the idiosyncrasies of the A.S. 
Council. 

"I feel a Iinle confused, but 
the other senators, especially 
those from Muir, have been 
really helpful in helping me 
understand what 's going on," 
she said. 

T hurgood Marshall College's 
freshman senator is Brian Israel. 

Israel said he is currently 
working with the TMC dean 's 
office to establish a system of e-
mail updates to which Marshall 
freshmen may subscribe - this in 
the hopes of keeping students 
informed. 

THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 1,2001 

Israel said he is also support-
ive of the idea of holding meet-
ings to "ensure the entire fresh-
man class is kept abreast of what 
is happening at UCSD and that 
[it has] a voice in these happen-
ings." 

Israel said he does not think 
being one of eight non-Unity 
members of the current A.S. 
Council will have any negative 
repercussions. 

"So far, working with the sen-
ate and [the] A.S. [Council] in 
general has been a wonderful 
experience," he said. 

Eleanor Roosevelt College'S 
new freshman senator is Harish 
Nandagopal. ERC interviews all 
the candidates and essentially 
evaluates all those ca ndidates 
holistically based on their differ-
ent attributes, said ERC Senate 
Chair David Goodwin. 

"[We look for] someone who 
will analytically present [its) ideas 
to the A.S. Council and represent 
ERC well," Goodwin said. 

Nandagopal said he is con-
cerned by the fact that so many 
members of this year's freshman 
class at ERC are so spread out, 
with students living in the resi-
dence halls, in the Pepper 
Canyon apartments, in Revelle 
College and off campus. He said 
he hopes to work toward solidari-
ty within this geographically 
divided community. 

Nandagopal said he does not 
foresee many problems in the 
future because of being appointed 
rather than elected like the rest of 
the A.S. Council, although he said 
he feels certain that there may be 
times when he will not totally 
agree with A.S. Council propos-
als. 

"I'm sure I'll disagree with 
them on certain issues, but I 
won't cower to disagreements," 
he said. "I will represent the Stu-
dents at ERC to the best of my 

. ability." 

• la US 
ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT 
THUR DAY, NOVEMBER 1,2001 

9-p)11. ., 1 a.m. 
A 5",. 1 
n. StiIrt ClI.dIIc ............. .. 
COIMISIIIIons willi the IJI1ists at the Price Cenlaf Theater 
2 p.m. to 4 p.m. 
t.s ...... s .... ("dill 
Wobg tours sturt at ·Soo God· 
S p.m. to 7 ~.m. . 
.... of Coat~ Art, San DIeto 

Recep~on for Cross References: Celebro~ng the S"tuort 
Collection 
9 p.m. 
Grand Finale Celebration 
Music and Dancing to Terry Allen's Ponhandl~ Mystery 
Band at the Price (enter Ballroom 

For photo credits, see page 13 

Students' 
perspectives 

of the 
worts 

Book 
Review: 

'LandmCl'ks' 
INside 

'!.- Iook 01 mrl,-pieCl' 8 
.\le-r StliliH exbibil /0 

n 20 years, the Stuart 
Art Collection has 
lived among UCSD 
students, grown with 
each campus addition 

to campus, inspired discussion and 
provoked experiences, and used the 
1,200-acre UCSD campus as its 
canvas. 

"It is unique," sa id Museum of 
Conte mporary Art, San Diego 
curator Toby Kamps. "The pieces 
are an ongoing negotiation with 
the landscape of the campus." 

T he SUlart Collection was fir t 
commi sioned in 198 1, when the 
SUlart Foundation was (ormed to 
bring "provoc:: ti ve, cutting-edge, 
contemporary art thinking" to 

CS D, according to Stuart 
Collection Director \ tlry Be~he 

"Thl\ hodv j, definitch not to 
decorate the ~ampu., in a~~ \"1~:' 

II lbl/lII 1"t'I.'il'U·S II 

see page 10 
mimi/or 12 

she sa id . " It is to promote experi-
ences as the pieces exist in the 
campus atmosphere." 

From the collectio n's first com-
mi sion, ikki de aim Phalle's 
"Sun God," to its latest, 
"READIWRITEfI'HINKlDR E-
AM" by J ohn Baldessari, each piece 
is designed for a specific location at 
UCSD . Each arti st o ffers his voice 
in his cu ltural, intellectual and 
artistic enrichment of campus life 
through public sculpulres. 

"A lot of the pieces speak for 
themsel ve~," Beehe ,aid. "You do 
not have to know anything about 
art hi~lOry to undcr~tand the piece 

i~ com l11unicati ng \\ ith you, cvcn 
though it I11J~' not .1nnouncc itself 
.1\ art: ' 

'1 he SIII;1rl Found.lliol1 
\(1- i,or\ (.()II1IlIl11CC cuman,> the 
.lnl,t'> :In<1 \lork'> \\Ith them to 

IIIATU: 7 

choose a location to place their art. 
Each piece uses the campus space 
to crea te a relationship with itself 
and the environment. 

For many of the artists, th e 
Stuart Collection, which prides 
itself as public art, is their first 
experiencc with public art. Some 
were may be known international-
ly in other artistic fields prior to 
their addition to the co llection. 

Patrick Ledden, a member of the 
Swart Fou ndation and the provo t 
of John .'vluir College, h ~b becn 
im'olvcd with the collcction since he 
\Hlrkcd "ith j;lIne, Sluart DiSil-·a . 
thc man \\ ho rilunded UH: organil:l-
lion. 

Ledden .,.IY, Ih .lI the col icclion 
I' intcre.,lln!,( hC(·;IlI.,C II I'> ") \1'>1 -
hk. '1 he 11'1.111 nJ.l(k. IIldl!!CI1()U' 

, STUART, 1'01'" <I 

Story by Jessica Kruskamp, Senior Staff Writer 



8 HIATU 

N iki de Sainr Phalle is internationally known for her contradictions of good and evi l, modern and primitive, sacred and profane, and play and terror, which he 
portrays in large sculprures with assertive colors. 

"Life ... is never the way one imagines it," de aint 
Phallc sta ted. " It surprises you, it amazes you and it makes 
you laugh or cry when you don't expect it." 

The contradictions and her philosophy are portrayed 
through "Sun God," which has become the deity ofUCS D. 

In 1983 , " un God" became the first work commis-
,ionet! in the' Snla rt Collection. Sitti ng on a IS-foot cement 
arch, the brightly colored, 14-foot-ta ll bird outstretches its 
wi ngs to offer itself lO people on campus. . 

De Saint Phallc sought to incorporate the fumastica l with 
t.!vcryday objects. "Sun God" has become a vivid being that 
resembles a bi rd, blending in as art with campus. - JK 

These three odd-looking metal trees - one in front of C eiscl Library and two in the euca lyptus grove between the library and the Faculty C lub - are there 
because artist Terry Al len saw eucalyprus trees cut down to 
make way for new buildings on campus. 

Serving to remind us of the continual loss of natural 
environment at UCS D, two of these felled trees were pre-
served, sheathed in lead casing and now thrive in what sru-
dents ha ve dubbed the "Enchanted Fore t." 

Each tree serves a different purpose. ne tree emits 
recorded song selected by Allen, while the other spouts 
poetry and stories created entirely for this project. The 
third is silent and perhaps symbolic of the tree of knowl-
edge since it is aptly placed in front o f a library. "Trees" is 
by far one of UCS D's most compell ing and intriguing art 
pieces. - S8 

Behind the Molli and Arthur Wagner Dance Building, a trail leads to an scenic overlook complete with table , benches and an cngrnved metal map of tlle view. The 
"scenic view" consists of hotels, office an d roads. What is 
interesting is the discrepancy between expecta tion and real-
ity - the juxtaposition between the narural, park-like set-
ti ng and tile less-than-brcathtaking view of suburban sprnwl. 

The cartoonishly scribbled map has sa tirical tags, 
including: "obvious devclopment," "coming attraction," 
"wasteland" and "mystery dirt." 

Wegman's intent is clear - to make viewers re-evaluate 
the development that is taken for granted, which simultane-
ously creates the comfortable La Jolla life and destroys the 
environment. s time passe , the map becomes outdated by 
,>uburban proliferation and Wegman's social critique becomes 
a record of change through the map's obsolescence. - HH 

Untitled - -I 
MIchael Asher (/992) 

MOSt might see this drinking fountain, find it a little odd and walk right on by. But this grnnite drinking fountain is part o f the collection. The unti tled piece is by 
.\1 ichael her. 

T he fountain i located on a small concrete i land in the 
center of Myers Drive near the university administnltion 
offices and the Price Center. Ao America n fla g and a land-
mark commemorating former \Vorld \Var II training cen-
tcr Ca mp Matthews serves as the backdrop for the fountain . 

One can garner many meanings the fact from t1lis bus i-
llcs, -office drinki ng fountain . ot to mention that it is 
ohviously out of context in tile outdoors. Some believe that 
it repre~el1ts a sati re of a dull administrative environment 
whi le others interpret it as a reminder of Soutlle rn 
California' watcr crisis. \Vhatever you ga ther from her 's 
work, thi ~ piece is very unique in its simplici ty. - JL 

YOU \lould think that an II -foot-ta ll red shoe would be hud to ll1i~s. YCt Elizabeth ,\I1urray's " Red Shoe" is 
.. urprisingly inconspicuous, tucked away in its own pri -

late cucalyptu5 grove in the sou til west of campus. 
Known for the animated style of her two-dimensional 

II orb, "Red Shoc" is Murray'S firM attempt at sculpnJre. 
\ ltracted by the grove's 5pindly trees, Murray decided that 
a larger-than-life solitary shoe was sorely lacki ng on the 
UCS D land~cape . 

\Valking down the grove's path, one is almost sta rtled by 
the realization that a giant red shoe is running toward you. 
The first thought: " l that rea lly a shoe?" 

10 some, the form may appear to be a giaJ1l kidney accom-
panied by its bejeweled kidney stoncs. To the inner child, it 
may be a jungle gym. Regardless of your definition, you must 
agree that the crimson fonn is quintessential tuart art. - ME 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

The Stua t Collection 
20 years of discovery 

Perfecting his skill in the 1950s as a painter, Robert Irwin decided that the boundaries o( the canvas and the media stifled his intentions. By 1970, he had abandoned his can-
vas for an that asked people to examine how they perceive art 
- through his architectural installations. 

The eucalyprus grove's intentionally planted trees set 
the stage for Irw I1 'S "Two Running Violet V Forms." Poles 
averaging 25 feet tall support blue chain-link fencing that 
maintains its height despite a sloping hill and cuts through 
the branches of the eucalyptus. At the foot of the sculprure, 
Irwin planted purple ice plant. 

The fencing becomes atmospheric, responding to the 
location and time of day. The piece reflects the changing 
day while commenting on the grid of the "forest" through 
its geometric angles. Itwin creates a chance for human per-
ception at UC D . - JK 

P aik's 1986 creation for the Sruart Collection, "Something Pacific," was his first pemlanent outdoor in tallation. This work relates to i.. site, which includes the 
lobby of UCSD's Media Center and the lawns surrounding 
the building. Outdoors, the work features several ruined 
televisions embedded in the landscape. Some are paired 
with Buddhas, and one is topped by a small reproduction of 
Rodin's "Thinker." 

In contrast to the video graveyard, the lobby houses one 
of Paik 's lively, interactive arrays of TV monitors. By means 
of a control panel, viewers can manipulate sequences of 
Paik's tape and broadcast M.Tv. 

"Something Pacific"\; outdoor and indoor sections use 
video to contrast two very different experience of time, 
one involving extended contemplation and the other 
instantaneous reaction. - MG 

Complete darkness never settles over Earl Warren College becau e of the colored light that always filters over the Warren Mall. 
The cause of this, Bruce auman5 "Vices and Vrnues," 

casts its rays and message over UCSD. The piece is installed 
at the top of the Charles Lee PoweU Laboratory and consists 
of neon rubing shaped into seven-foot-high letters. 

"FAITH" i superimposed over "LUST." "HOPE" flash-
es with "ENVY." "CHARITY" and "SLOTH" alternate and 
then shine together. "PRUDE CE" lights up with 
"PRIDE." "JUSTICE" and "AVARICE," for a second, are 
intimately linked. "TEMPERE CE" and "GLlJ ITONY" 
combine. "FORTITUDE" coexists with "ANGER." 

The piece suggests that moral absolutes cannot exist. 
T he light may be what keeps people awake, but the mean-
ing should a well. - CJV 

Alexis Smith's work, located east of Geisel Library, is tiled in convex slate in a non repeating pattern and includes a shade of red that sheds its tinge like a snake 
sheds its skin . 

As the snake winds its way up the hill , it passes a monu-
mental granite book carved with a quote from John 
M.ilton 's "Paradise Lost." 

T he quote is from Archangel Michael consoling Adam 
and Eve as they are cast from Eden, a metaphor for the 
university cas ting its students forward into the "rea l 
world." The book even has the correct library ca ll num-
ber. 

These biblical allusions also serve to reveal tlle contlict 
between innocence and knowledge because the serpent 
aptly points its tongue at the university's main repository of 
books. -SM 

" Standing" consits of a cement cast of a eucalyprus tree 
that serve as a ba e for a female figure with water 
flowing from her arms and hands. A pool of water and 

stone li e on the roots of the cement tree. 
"Standing" is an isolated and calming piece that is locat-

ed between the Basic Science and Medical "leaching build-
ings at the School of Medicine. Kiki Smith ' work asks that 
one should ca ll attention to and celebrate the body. 

The casti ng of the euca lyptus i very detailed, showing 
the bark and layers of what was once a tree . 

T he water that flow~ thoughout the work is calming and 
smooth. The water repre eots the source of life as it flows 
from the figure's hands onto the pond. 

On the body of the female lie pins in the form of the 
constellation Virgo, bringing up connotations of celestial 
being. -cr 

THURSDAY, NOVEMBER I, 2001 

MOSt srudents know it as "Stonehenge" - the assort-ment of 71 granite blocks 011 the lawn south of Galbraith Hall . Artist Richard Fleischner, known for 
his public site sculprure, was inspired by the essence of 
places and their natura! materials and architectural ele-
ments. He created this piece with location, space and 
human engagement in mind. 

If art is "the replacing of indifference with attention," as 
writer Guy Davenport states and as Fleischner likes to 
quote, then La Jolla Project certainly fulfill s that descrip-
tion . The elements in this work bring a spatial and histori -
cal dimension to an empty field by evoking both ancient 
ruins and modern art. But it is functional as well as aesthet-
ic - UCSD's srudents have taken to the sculprure, using it 
as a site for srudying, eating, relaxing and even for Catholic 
masses. -HH 

" UNDA" was completed in 1987 by cottish sculptor 
and writer Ian Hamilton Finlay. As his first penna-
nent outdoor work in the United States, he created a 

one-word poem installed at one edge of the playing field 
near the srudent apartments at Marshall college. 

" UNDA" consists of five English limestone blocks into 
which are carved, in various sequences, U, N, D and A, and 
a wave-shaped mark that means " transpose these letters.» 
The English limestone was quarried near the Corswolds 
and selected for its similarity to the color of the cliffs near 
the campus. 

The letters carry out the transpositions indicated by the 
curved mark so that, regardless of the ordering, each bloclc 
ultimately spells out UNDA. Here, a liternry cycle is identi-
fied with the cycle of the nantral wave, an association that the 
artist relates to the velocity and flow of language. -MG 

N e tied in the middle of the School of Medicine's Cellular and Molecular Facility lies Jackie Ferrara 's concept of outdoor architecture. Using a small 
enclosed area, Ferrara created a courtyard that con ists of 
compacted gravel, and green, red and black slates. 

Upon first look, this work is not like any other plaza. 
Filled with gravel and having minimal til t;s or bricks, what 
defines the terrace is its intimacy. 

The design is based upon three areas: the entrance, a 
south terrace and a large enclosed north terrace. The ter-
races were created so that, although they were different in 
style, they would merge together in one continuous flow. 

T he work of art is isolated from the hustle of the rest of 
the campus, allowing it to be a place of solirude and rest 
among the Australian willows and benches that line the ter-
race. -Cf 

Green Table was created as a site-specific original work by Jenny Ilolzer in 1992. The piece consists of a large, granite table and 
bench set in an isolated corner of the Muir quad. It is 
engraved with various thought-provoking and sometimes 
contradicting quotes. 

The quotes are what Holzer refers to as "truisms," and 
through them she is able to evoke the image of a myriad of 
different voices speaking in the span of a few square feet of 
chiseled canvas. The mirror effect of the polished surface 
implies a literal reflection of modem life. 

The work is a monument to intellecrual discourse. To 
comprehend the significance of t.he work, we must rurn to 
the autJlOr's own "truism": "I will think more before T can-
not .. . I want to tell you what I know in case it is of use. I 
want to go to the furure please." - KH 

The 15th and newest piece of the UCSD campus' world-renowned Sruart Collection, "Read, Write, Think, Believe," was installed in July 2001 as a collaborative 
effort by artist John Baldessari and designer Roy Macon. 

Located at the main entrance to Geisel Librdry, the work 
consists of a series of photographs of srudents and various 
academic literary works applied to the windows. To the left 
and the right of the srudents are a computer and a television, 
the two principle vehicles of mass media today. Above the 
library doors are the words " Read, Write, Think, Dream." 
Within the lobby are more srudents - thi time itting 
rather than ~tanding - and several pictures of palm trees. 
According to a library information sheet, the purpose of the 
work is to "remind us that students are central to the educa-
tional mission of the university and essential to the future of 
the community." - KH 

THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 1,2001 THE UCSD GUARDIAN HIATU 9 

The Stuart Collection 
20 )WIN of diSCDVtry 

UCSO's art evokes varying 
student perspectives ' 
From confusion to admiration, undergraquates voice 
their thoughts and views on the 15 art pieces . 
By CLAIRE J, VANNETTE 
Senior Staff Writer 

I t's absolutely pervasive on campus, yet many students draw a blank when asked . about it and what it means to their daily 
lives. 

The creators and curators of the Sruart 
Art Collection state that their intent is to 
"enrich the cui rural, intellecrual and schol-
arly life of the UCSD campus" and consid-
er the art pieces "additions to the fabric of 
campus life." Some students seem to bare-
ly give the pieces a second thought, while 
others are passionate about the flashing 
lights, distorted figures and juxtaposed 
objects. 

Muir junior Candace Barfoot pulls no 
punches when giving her opinion of the col-
lection. 

"I think it's kind of ridiculous," she said. 
"What is it - the seven vices and virrues? I 
don't really think that's art. It's just, like, 
neon rubes. It's kind of silly-looking. 

"Some of them are oleay," she added, 
"bur they don't really, like . .. they just seem 
kind of wti,.d." 

Among the pieces she likes are "Green 
Table" - "It 's all right; it's got some strange 
things written on it" - and the new "Read, 
Write, Think, Dream," which she enjoys 
because it's "colorful." 

But Barfoot remains resolute in her dis-
taste for the majority of the works. 

"Mostly, I think those things are just a 
joke. It doesn 't seem like real art." 

A Revelle senior who wished only to be 
identified by her first name, Marie, said she 
finds most of the art "ugly." 

"Untitled," the water fountain on Myers 
Drive, perplexes her. 

She said, "I kept looking, thinking, 'Is 
that it?' I couldn't tell that was really art." 

However, she enjoys "La Jolla Project." 
"The first time I saw it," she said, "I 

attended a mass there, and I thought that 
was really a good idea. 

"Aod I'm probably the only one on cam-
pus who hates the 'Sun God,'" she said, 

Stuart: 
Nov. 3 celebration to have a 
symposium of collection's artists 
Continued from page 7 
nature of art is employed in it. 

" Unlike any other collection, the Sruart 
Collection really takes advantage of physical 
space," he said. "We bring the artists to the 
campus. We walk around with them. They 
decide which part of UCSD that they want 
to interact with." 

As a member of the foundation, Ledden 
finds a personal meaning in the collection, 
which passing students may not have. 

"I get to see these pieces from an artistic 
and historical perspective because I have seen 
their commission and proposal," Ledden said. 
"The Sruart Collection really becomes an 
archive to the campus and to what is the best 
work of the time in monument·sculpture." 

Beebe agrees that the Sruart Collection 
lends itself to history because different 
trends in art lead to different nuances in the 
works. She mentions pieces such as Robert 
Irwin's "Two Running Violet V Forms" and 
Alexis Smith's "Snake Path" as dynamic ele-
ments of the bustling campus life. 

"The mood can change so much on some 
of them that they become a living, breathing 
part of the campus," Beebe said. 

Ledden agrees. 
"Allover campus, the artists allow us to 

live with them," he said. "They give us an 
artist's sensibility and energy as we go abo~t 
our daily lives." 

Ledden and Beebe mentioned that the 
collection stands alone in its geographical 
use, as well as in its interaction between each 
artwork and the viewer. 

"The work provokes an intentional reac-
tion, giving us an opportunity to participate 

Shlnding: Water drips from the hand of a 
feminine figure at the School of Medicine. 
laughing. But her critique of the piece was 
serious. 

"I'm used to seeing, when some culture 
thinks about a sculprure to honor their gods, 
that they take it seriously. ('Sungod'] is kind 
of a joke. 

"It's colorful," she offered. "I like that it's 
colorful. But it's ugly, and it's called a god, 
and I don't like it." 

"Sun God" tends to draw a reaction from 
everyone. 

"It's neat,» Roosevelt senior Rebecca 
Young said. She believes the art collection 
makes the campus look "a bit more modern ." 

"The 'Sun God'?" Revelle freshman 
John Gorospe reflected. "I don't know. It's 
just thtrt." 

See STUDENT, Page 13 

in them," Ledden said. "Other campuses 
have artworks that interact with each other 
displayed in a field . Here, all of our works 
are designed to interact with the environ-
ment and the people." 

In regards to srudent funding, Beebe said, 
"We don't use any srudent funds. All the 
funding comes from the Friends of the Sruart 
Collection group and other fund raisers ... 

The collection becOlnes a provocative, 
cutting-edge archive subject to the test of 
time, but maintained to cultivate the overall 
experience of the art. 

Each year, the collection undergoes 
preservation as repairs are assessed. 
According to Beebe, the repairs cost about 
$30,000, but the foundation must allocate 
for special projects. "Sun God" was repaint-
ed in 1999 at a cost of $22,000. When a bulb 
burns out in Bruce Nauman's "Vices and 
Virrues," it is replaced immediately. 

"The works really are not themselves if 
we don't keep them up," Beebe said. 

She went on to say that a special renova-
tion was conducted for the 20th anniversary 
celebration. 

The celebration will take place Nov. 3, 
when the foundation will present 
"Landmarks," a book documenting 20 years 
of the Sruart Collection. The day will begin 
with a symposium of artists and critics fol -
lowed by tours of the collection. It will end 
with the Museum of Contemporary Art, San 
Diego's presentation of the Sruart Collection 
and a musical celebration. Terry Allen 's 
Panhandle Mystery Band will provide the 
music. Allen created "Trees," a work found in 
the eucalyprus grove and outside the library. 

"The Foundation wants people to under-
stand the collection. Like people, you have 
to get to know them," Beebe said. "It is 
important to have the information and know 
who and what they are to UCSD and con-
temporary art. .. 

~-------- - ------- --------- \ 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

: Handcrafted Icecream • yogurt· sorbet : 

: Buy One Get One 
I (Free of equal value or less) Not valid on moo merchandise or cake & pies. 
I 
I 8657 Via La Jolla Dr. #109 • 
\ la Jolla Vlliag. Squr.- Nut to Jallba Juice' Ans www.mootlme.cOm) 

~-------- -- -- ---------------

Copies 3( Passport Photos 
8112 x 11 white paper $6~"~~ 

All offers expire 11/15/01 ---------

13251 Holiday Ct. • across from EI Torito (858) "52-99lt9 I 
I ______ ---------------------- -~ 

• r~~p~~~~ztS1~c~~~ 
COSTA VERDE CENTER 

8650 GIMS" Ave. Suite #220 

Disposable Contacts 

$"8 TWO BOXES cs- hin) ~ IncbIts GIll\. fallow .... and 5 are Iciu. 
GUAlOIAN 

Daily or Extended Wear 1'-------
3 Pairs of Contacts 

I INCl~ EYE EXAM 

I 
I 

CIBA FOCUS DAILY, 30 lenses FREE I 
with any contact lens purchase. I I All off,,, noc .,.lId wl~ In)' ocher offer or terti In i",,,n"te L ____ ~.~. !!,I:!! !.!!)~I:.... __ _ 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

CiUUDI AN I 

I . 

:1/1 OFF ~lU~!!!~fld~~!I' 
Restrict ions may apply 

Exp 11 /3/01 

-------------- ----------- - -- --

SPACE FOR HIRE 

Ca1l 858.534.3467 Today! 

------------------------ ------



10 HIATUS THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

CALL 
FORWNCH 
~~-

DELIVERY OR CARRlOUT 

-----------------r-----------------: WEEKDAY SPECIAL _ MAKE IT A MEAL : 
l One Large One Topping lOne Large, One Topping, Breadsticks _ 

~ $6.99Ii ~d3:99l 
I . lm,"dD.',,~ Are, -Co"", R,O"'''' I $ u";,,,, "" .. ~ .... -"""'" R""",, _ 

- Delivery Charges May Apply - La Jolla/UTC Sto~ _ - Delivery ChargB$ May Apply -La Jona/UTC Store ~ 
I Expires 11/12101 __ Explr .. 11N2I01 --, -

~----- -----------~------ ----------~ I PIZZA & ICE CREAM I TWO I!~RGE -
: One Large, Two Topping, Qt Dreyers : TWO OPPI NG : 

:$12.99 :$121.99: 
Llffi'ted Delivery Area - Coupon Required I lmited Delivery Area - Coupon R!t.Qulred I 

- Delilery Charges May Apply - La Jolla/UTC Store only I -Delivery Charges May Apply - La JollalUTC Store only 
I Expires 11112101 Expires"11112101-

._- ---------- ---~--------------- --. 
~ 

UNIVERSAL 
- ~ 

P~a 

FREE ADVANCE SCREENING 
oJ 

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA , 
SAN DIEGO @ 
Mandeville Auditorium 
7:00 PM Tuesday 
November 6, 2001 
FREE ADMISSION 
while passes las" 
INFO?: call 858-534-4090 
• Passes available at the Price Center 
Box Office the Malday prior to the 
screening at Noon. 
Passes requued. Seating is limited and not 
guaranteed. Please a. rive early. 
10 'oqul,od R.lltd R IR.strklecl- Undor 17 R'quI'H 
KComPll1yirlg P"ent Or Adutt Go.ltNn) lor perv.slve 
druo use and lioOuage, and lor SlxuaI di.lIoou •• 
Presented In assoclalion with Univer1ily Events 01l~ •• 

I 

We want to sell 
banner ads. 

ASK US TODAY! 
Call (858)534-3467 

THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 1,2001 

The Stuart Collection 
20 ytGrJ of discovtry 

'Landmarks' provides all-
encompasing knowledge 
Anecdotes of Stuart Collection are detailed 
i 1 the first book of the art exhibits 
By MARA EVANS 
Staff Writer 

" Talking about art is like trying 
to french kiss over the tele-
phone," said artist Terry Allen, 

contributor to the Stuart Art 
Collection. 

Yet in "Landmarks," ta lking 
about art is exactly what the artists 
and curators of the Stuart Art 
Collection do. Nearly two decades 
after "Sun God" settled Onto its 
perch, a book has been published 
documenting the creative process 
that brought I], UCS D's world-
renowned art Ulllcction. 

First to capture 
the reader's anen-
tion is the beautiful 
cO\'cr photOgraphy 
of "LanJmarks." 
From there, read-
ers arc ~uc ked into 
the ultra-modern 
layout of the book 
and into the hl,tory 
of Stuart .\rt. As we 
read the de tailed 
introJuctory com-
mentary of the col-
lection bv Rohert 
Storr, di~ector of 
the Museutll of 
hloJcrn Art in New York, it 
becomes appa rent just how exten-
ive the arti,tic interpretJtions of 

the collection arc. 
"Landmarks" focuses chronolog-

ically on each piece of the Stuart 
Collection, from "Sun God" to the 
then-most-recent, "Standing" 
("Read/WriterfhinklDream" has 
since been created). For each piece, 
Stuart Art Collection DirectOr Mary 
Livingston Beebe details both the 
menml and physical processes that 

Book 
REVIEW 

took place for each contribution to 
the collection. Accompanying tile 
short histories are the artists' prelim-
inary sketches as well as photos taken 
during the creation and installation 
of each piece. Each artist also gives 
personal insight aboUt his or her 
work through interviews. 

'vVhile all of us have walked 
beneath the neon lights of "Vices 
and Virtues," few of us know that 

the nashing colors 
were originally 
planned to twinkle 
from the Mandel 
'vVcis!o T hcatre. \ Vc 
,,1;0 didn 't realizc 
that "Sun God" is 
not. 111 fan, a "big 
chicken" bu t .lIt 
cagle meant to 
symbolize Nam'c 
American culturc. 
These and other 
littl e-known fact, 
are an exceptional 
aspect of 
.. Landmarks." 

Through "Landmarks," we al 0 
discover the variolts pranks that have 
been incorporJteti into the Stuan 
Collection, including leaving .1 large 
badminton shuttlecock on the 
ground by Robert Irwin 's "Two 
Running Violet V Forms" and dress-
ing up "Sun God" in a cap and gown 
for graduation. In addition, we learn 
that the musings-emined from the 
"Talking Tree" include Navajo 

See BOOK, Page I I 

Stuart artists' works flop-at 
'Cross References' exhibit 
Cohesion and thought not apparent in 
artists' other contemporary showings 
By SABRINA MORRIS 
Contributing Writer 

One of the things so intriguing, original and thought-provok-ing about the Stuart Art 
Collection is its manipulation of 
space and environment through the 
medium of art. The exhibit on dis-
play at the La Jolla branch of the 
Museum of Contemporary Art, San 
Diego is a far cry from these princi-
pies of quality. In fact, the pieces on 
exhibit are neither intriguing nor 
original. They do not manipulate 
space, nor do they even consider 
environment, and they fall horribly 
short of thought-provoking. 

These collective parameters, 
which can be seen in all of the pieces 
on the UCSD campus, are what 
make the Stuart Collection so great. 
As we walk through our "Enchanted 
Forest" and hear songs and poetry 
frOtTI trees, or as we pass Charles 
Lee Powell Laboratory in Warren 
and see "Vices and Virtues" in neon 
at the top, we are prone to think -
or at the very least mke notice, 

We, as members of UCSD, 
embrace the Stuart Collection and 
have even adopted "Sun God" (0 
piece belonging to the Stuart 
Collection) as a second mascot. 

The tuart Collection embodies 
well-thought-out placement of the 

@f---REV- 1:-
pieces, stringent acceptance smn-
danls and meticulous conunissions of 
the art pieces for the UCSD campus. 
1bc pieces on display at the MCA 
truly fail to 611 these parameters. 

These pieces, though they are 
spawned from the same artists of 
the collection on campus, look as if 
they've been thrown together in 
the hopes of living up to the Sruart 
Collection while falling extremely 
short of such a standard. These 
pieces also leave "pne wondering 
why these "things" on display are 
considered art. They smack of the 
very thing for which contemporary 
art is so quietly criticized in today's 
society - art not really being art. 

While the Stuart Collection on 
campus is inventive, site-specific, 
purposely integrated with the uni -
versity\; buildings, and inviting of 
innovative artists, tlle MCA exhibit 
invites the backslide of these artist ' 
creations. 

However, among the conglom-
eration of art pieces on exhibit are 
two pieces that stand our as sli ght-

See MeA. Page II 

THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 1,2001 THE UCSD G.UARDlAN HIATUS 11 

The Verve Pipe 
Underneath 

RCA 

*** Most of us remember 
The Verve Pipe as the mas-
ters of the slow, haunting 
song from 1996, "The 
Freshman." Now, following 
their 1999 self-tided albwn, 
they come to us with a 
wide-ranging repertoire of 

. new songs from love ballads 
to harsh diatribes. Without 
a doubt, this new album, 
"Underneath," is The Verve 
Pipe\; most all-encompass-
ing album thus far. 

Al though there is not 
one dominating factor on 
the album, there is one 
underlying commonality 
to all the songs - accessi -
blity to the audience. The 
band really shows itself to 
be melodically in touch 
with the human condition 
and the emotional hard-
ships of daily life. 

They kick off 
"Underneath" with the first 
track, "Only Words," a song 

Book: 
Director Beebe provides 
commentary and details 
Continued from page 10 

with a soft, lulling harmony, 
a gentle chorus and poetic 
lyrics. The easy introduc-
tion evenrually crescendos 
to a more poppy tone and 
then a harsher sound. 
"Never Let You Down" 
proves to be the hit of the 
album with its catchy riffs 
and unabashed sense of joy. 

"I Want All of You" is a 
ghostly, even eerie, mix-
ture of multiple minor 
chords juxtaposed with a 
chanting chorus and harsh 
guitar sounds. One of the 
next songs, "Miles Away," 
reveals a subtle frustration 
and a failing love affair. 
The song really drives 
home with the lasting 
abstract lyric: "I'll be right 
here, miles away." 

"Happiness Is" explains 
just that! what happiness is. 
Containing muffled guitar 
transitions and tambourine 
tones, this song will malce 
you want to dance with its 
'60s-esque, upbeat sound. 
Other songs "Medicate 
Myselr' show that the The 
Verve Pipe still have their 
sense of humor, while other 
songs like "Colorful" and 
"Underneath" are ballads 
about love's redemption. 

Once again, The Verve 
Pipe malce their rise to the 
top of the music industry 
from underneath, and as 
they themselves said from 
their album-titled song, "It\; 
not pretty underneath." 

- Sabrina Morris, 
Contribut;'lg Writer 

album 

The Cranberries 
Wake Up & Smell the Coffee 

MCA 

** The Cranberries, once 
held in esteem among their 
musically inclined Irish 
counterparts U2, Enya and 
Sinead O'Connor, now 
seem to lie in the grave-
yard of musical has-beens. 

Known for their first 
two albums, 1992 's multi-
platinum debut 
"Everybody Else Is Doing 
It So Why Can't We" and 
"No Need to Argue," The 
Cranberries came out 
strong in the music scene 
and quickly began to fade. 

Now releasing their 
fifth album, "Wake Up and 
Smell the Coffee," the 
Cranberries arc giving it 
another shot. 

The group began 
recording the album a year 
ago at Dublin's Windmill 
Lane Studios, prior to the 
birth of the second child of 
singer Dolores O'Riordan 
and guitarist Noel Hogan. 

the reader appreciate the endeav-
ors that were undertaken to reach 
the final products. 

. 

reviews 
This album is supposed to 
reflect a more mature 
oulook on life. 

O'Riordan describes the 
band as "the calmest we've 
ever been," explaining that 
T he Cranberries have 
"already proven ourselves 
by now, so we're rea lly 
relaxed and really enjoyed 
ourselves in the srudio. " 

They may have proven 
themselves by now, but 
The Cranberries sti ll fail 
to attain the musical power 
they had on their first two 
albums. 

The album attempts to 
caprure a sense of calm, 
but it is smgnant instead. It 
is devoid of passion in 
anger, pain or even happi-
ness. 

The initial trades are 
slow, repetitive and boring, 
with melodic babbling that 
seems more like a child-
hood ramble than an emo-
tional me.lody. Even the 
most touching words seem 
cliched. 

There is an interesting 
mix of new sounds on the 
new album but it's not 
strong because it laclcs emo-
tional emphasis. They seem 
to have run out of things to 
say through their music. 

This album has some 
decent songs, but overall it 
is dry, uninspired and repet-
itive. Maybe O'Riordan and 
Hogan should just stick to 
raising their kids for now. 

- Heather Clark, 
Staff Writtr 

Edwin McCain 
Far From Over 

Atlantic 

** Edwin McCain is one 
of those unforrunate artists 
who will always be eclipsed 
by the limelight of a past 
hit. Ninety percent of the 
songs on "Far From Over" 
are indistinguishable from 
those previously recorded 
on 1999's "Messenger." 

The album would be an 
artistic brealcthrough were 
it not a regurgitated rehash-
ing of all of McCain's previ-
ously released material. 

Some of the songs are 
decent. "One Thing Left" 
is a surprise because it has 
what most of its counter-
parts on the album lack: 
originality. 

The saxophone is by far 
an edge that this artist has 
over others in his genre, and 
in "One Thing Left," the 
instrument is at its best. A 
pleasing marriage of scat 
and blues, this song is a 
standout, giving the listener 

MCA:· 
Other pieces of 'art' not true 
form of expression 
Continued from page 10 

a glimpse of tlle artist that 
McCain could become once 
he starts releasing songs 
that are more than formula-
ic, acoustic hit-hopefuls. 

"Radio Star" has the 
makings of a great farce as 
an anthem to the superfi-
ciality of a music bu iness 
enamored with its own pre-
tentiousness, but it doesn't 
li ve up to its expectations. 
Managing to be jubi lant 
and entertaining but little 
else, the listener is left with 
a "that's it?" menmliry. 

"Dragons" is exactly 
what McCain stated this 
album wasn't going to be: 
"music to slash your wrists 
b " y. 

"Dragons" has a strong 
chorus with a solid melody. 
For anyone who loves a 
wallower, I wouldn't press 
the skip button so swiftly. 

"Write Me a Song," the 
album's principle love bal-
lad, is a dud. It has neither 
the sentimentality nor the 
strong melody of past hits 
"I'll Be" and "I Could Not 
Ask For More," which this 
latest ballad tries to emu-
late. Yet the song just 
comes off sounding like a 
mediocre copy of some of 
McCain's better material. 

The album is good, it's 
just a let down. McCain's 
career may be "Far From 
Over," but in the future, he 
had better give us a more 
enjoyable ride. 

- Keely Hyslop, 
COlltriblltillg Wmrr 

chants, Aztec poems and duck calls. 

While "Landmarks" does a good 
job encapsulating the Sruart 
Collection, the interviews with the 
artists leave something to be 
desired. It is valuable to gain insight 
through the artists' own perspective, 
but the question-and-answer layout 
of the interviews has the potential to 
lose a readers interest. 

confined to the campus. 
"Landmarks" provides the UCSD 
community with the opportunity 
to share all aspects of the Sruart 
Collection, which artist Elizabeth 
Murray calls, "one of the most 
interesting scul pture collections 
- or whatever it is." ly thought-provoking. Such pieces 

are "Windows"- a window of the 
museum itself (demonstrating 
manipulation of environment) 
with cutout squares indicating a 
window within a window - and 
another aluminum slab art piece 
with the inscription, "With all the 
holes in you already, there's no 
reason to define the outs ide envi-
ronment as alien." 

If you do plan on Visiting tllis 
exhibit, have a stiff drink bcfore-
hand, because only then will the 
"art" actually seem like an. You 
\vill undoubtedly be left wonder-
ing how these pieces came from 
the same artists who livened our 
campus with the Stuart Collection. 

As Beebe chronicles the 
process of each piece, it is difficult 
to overlook the tremendous 
amount of work that has been 
undertaken to make each piece of 
art possible. From the initial artis-
tic epiphany of "neon research" in 
Las Vegas for "Vices and Virrues" 
to discussions with the UCSD 
planning commirtees, Beebe helps 

The Stuart Collection serves as 
a cultural cornerstone for UCSD. 
The mere sight of "Sun God" 
instigates thoughts of freedom, 
goodwi ll and euphoria, but until 
now, the enigmatic bird has been 

Landmarks 

**** With essays by Mary Livingstone 
Beebe and Joan Simon 

264 pages 
Available at the UCSD Bookstore 

~ 
(]ulru-e Shoch (rn) Siln 

DS Eliln frilrt:.sco 
OS DhcilgO DS Atlilntil 

future Shocl\ Siln []~gD 

Cross Referen(es: 
Celebrating the 

Stuart CoUedion 
Sept 16 through Jan. 8 

Museum of Contemporary 
Art, La Jolla 

HELP 
WANTED! 

UCSD may not be a hotbed 
for business and comm 
students, however, the 
Guardian is not afraid to hunt 
for a needle in a haystack. 
We know you're out there . 
You might be the one 
lamenting the lack of a 
football crazed student body, 
and the general 
communicatively challenged 
people that you boldly walk 
between! Well, Uncle Triton 
wants you . 

The position of 
AdvertiSing Account 

Executive 
is challenging and reward ing . 
We will work with your class 

schedule. Call Mic hael , the Ad 
Manager of the Guardian 
Newspaper today. 

858.534.3467 

GUARf)w 



12 HIATUS 

IRIand's Most Popta SInger 
dPIatiun SdiIs 

'tRY ~Aql' MnltIIc AucItoIUn 
TracItionIIlCorun Masked 
Dance, MusIc, and DrInI 

KOSONG o KWANGDAE 
Nomnber 4 • 5IniIy • 7:30pm Mandcvk AucitcIUn 

BmIan SiIgIng SensatIon 
DIscovtmI by Caetano Vdoso 

VIRGftJlA 
RODR(GUE~ 

~,J;l~7:3Opm 
UCSD Box Office Vllit .ur •• b .... 0 I· ~ .... -

(858)534-nxs ."':lIu .... c...... . -=-_ 
pre.ented by 

UCSO UNIVERSITY EVENTS OFFICE 
a dooparl,,*,1 01 Studenl AffaIn 

GuARoIAN d't' 
. Of" E lIOn 

,'\Jest Thurs. Noy. 15 

Why wait until 
fa112002? 
You can start in .January 2002. 
Just take the October (or earlier) LSAT 

and apply to us by November 15 
Contact us for a catalog: 
call: ( 415) 442-6630 
fax: (415) 442-6631 
e- mail: lawadmit@ggu .edu 

Visit our website: www.ggu.edu/law 

536 M 'HIlJn Slreet , Sail FranCISCO, CA 94105-2968 

At"eJll ed by ,he Ameri can Bar AnoCiation and 
Mem ber of ,h; AHotlatiun of Amtrlcan Law Schools 

THE UCSO GUARDIAN THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 1,2001 

hiatus Web-exclusive stories onfy accessible through the Guardian Web site Film Review: 'Monster's, Inc: 
0'\ I 1'\ I DVG Review: 'Bridget Jones's 

www.ucsdguardian .org Diary' 
----..... 

IIJ) IJ) I hiatus 

Q)~ __ f:..:..:ri~da~y 
Local legends Rob Cr(JN and 

Annistead Burrell Smith N rejoin 
as PinbU and will perfoon at 
The Casbah. This indie-rock group 
has influenced many local bands 
with its post-modem r~ guitar 
and piano sound. The s~ starts 
at 8:30 p.m. Call The Casbah for 
more details at (619) 232-4355. 
Pinback will also be at an all-ages 
sh(JN at 9 p.m. at the Mira Mesa 
Epicentre on Saturday, Nov. 3. 

0i.--i.--sa~t~ur_da ...... y 
Dublin-bom singer Mary Black 

has sold millions of albums and 
gathered dozens of awards for her 
music. She is the \ow-profile ver-
sion of Sinead O'Connor and Enya. 
She departed from her folk style in 
the late '80s and scored a small hit 
with her song "No Frontiers~ ~ 
will be at UCSD's Mandeville 
Auditorium and the performance 
will begin at 7:30 p.m. Call the 
UCSD Box Office at (858) 534-
84 97 for ticket information. 

Aterdopelados, or "The 
Velvety Ones; is a Colombian 

band that blends sultJy vocals with 
a tri~ sound. tt has been n0m-
inated for two Grammys for 
albums released in 1997 and in 
1998. Its most recent release, 
"Gazo Poderoso: continues its 
progression through a mellow trip-
hop sound. AterciOpelados will be 
at the Open ~r Theatre on the San 
Diego State University campus. 
Tickets start at $28.25 and the 

s~ starts at 7:30 p.m. Maldita 
Vednclad is the support band. 

® __ ......;m,;";,,,;o_n_da ...... y 
Ska was huge. "Reel" huge, 

especially with the likes of Reel 
Bil riSh dominating the scene. 
Even though ska has disappeared 
from the national spotIil!ht Reel 
Bil Fish are worIcing hara promot-
ing their album, 'Wr-( Do They 
Rock 50 Hard! They will be sup-
ported by pop-punk group 
SUlarcult. The show starts at 7:30 
p.m. and tickets are $15 each. 

0~_......;t;";,,;,,,.ue_sd_a_y 
Melissa Etheridle has 

scored various hits with her old-
fashioned rock style and song-

writer quality resembling Bruce 
Springsteen and Van Morrison. 
Ethericlce will go solo with h~r 
acoustic guitar and her Janis 
Joplin~ike voice .at Copley 
Symphony Hall. The concert starts 
at 8 p.m. and tickets start at $62. 

Appearing on the Spitkicker Tour 
is De La Soul and Biz MarIcie. 
The Spitkicker Tour anives at the 

BeI~ Up Tavern in 50Iana Peach 
and is rumored to featu r " ~I .:at 
guest artists such as The Roots MC 
Black Thought The ~ starts at 9 
p.m. and tickets are $23. 

Q)~---.:w=e=dn~es~da~y 
Critical~ acclaimed Brazilian 

singer Vircinia Rodripes will 
be at UCSD's Mandeville 
Auditorium at 7:30 p.m. Call the 
UCSD Box Office for ticket infor-
mation at (858) 534-8497. 
Look to the Hiatus Calendar for 
events in and around UCSD. 

All tickets can be purchased 
through Ticketmaster by calling 
(619) 220-8497 or by going to 
http://www.ticketmoster.com 
unless otherwise noted. 

THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 1,2001 

Student: 
Stuart Collection a positive 
note for many 
Continued from page 9 

Jonathon Perlman, a Warren 
freshman, found it interesting that 
"Sun God" serves a "utilitarian" 
purpose for most students rather 
than an arrisLc one. 

"It 's son .,r · lea nt as a center for 
student collection," he sa id. "They 
can come and meet there as a point 
of reference. I would say that most 
people don 'l have sorr of an extra 
meaning for it, besides the fact that 
it's just a place to meet. I'm sure it 
was meant for more, but most stu-
den ts don't realize it." 

Perl man was, on the other 
hand, moved by "La Jolla Project." 

"I really enjoy it," he said, 
pointing out its resemblance to 
Stonehenge in Great Britain. "It 
makes us feel that we 're more than 
JUSt a separated piece of the outside 
world at college. All the things that 
have been going on since Sept. 11 
- we 're separated from it unless 
we want to read about it or get a 

. paper sent to US or watch it on tele-
vision, so I"La Jolla Project"] just 
makes it seem like we are sti ll con-
nected to the outside world." 

John Bently, a Marshall fresh-
l11an, also saw positive aspects of 
the collection .. 

"It adds more to the annos-
phere." he said, "i t's friendly, warm, 
omethi ng nice." 

"Vices and Virtues" is one of the 
pieces he enjoys most. 

He explained, "I'll be sining in 
the li brary studying, and I can look 
out the window and sec the lights 
flashing and it keeps me on track. 
Especially the 'sloth' one. 

"I think my favorite one of all of 
them is when I'm waJlcing at night 
and I hear the singing trees," he said. 
"Its quiet and you're by yourself and 
all of a sudden you hear this singing, 
and it puts a smile on your face." 

Muir freshman Lydia Wood has 
interacted with at least one piece of 
the collection, "Green Table," on 
which she has studied. 

"I enjoy this table quite a bit," 
she said, her books spread in front 
of her. She brought her studying 
out onto the green marble because 
"it seemed like a peaceful place to 
do work. Some of the things writ-
ten are very inspirational." 

The overall effect of the Stuart 
Art Collection, to many students, is 
a positive one. 

"I see the creativity of the whole 
thing, how it's always changing," 
Gorospe said. "It's pleasing to the 
eye." 

"It's pretty cool," David 
Merriam, a graduate student, said. 
He thought a moment about why 
he liked it. 

"I don 't know," he finally said. 
"It's just different." 

Stuart Collection Authors, 
page 8 
J K - Jessica Kruskamp 
HH - Hana Hsu 
SB - Sabrina Morris 
MG - Marissa Guiterrez 
CVJ - Claire J. Vannette 
a - Charlie Tran 
KH - Keely Hyslop 
JL - Joseph Lee 
ME - Mara Evans 

Stuart Collection 
Photographers, page 7 
Sun God, Standing - Lyon Liew 
Two Runni!!g Y'lOIet V Forms, 
READ,wRITEfTHINK/DREAM - Tyler 
Huff 
La Jolla VISta VIeW, La Jolla Project -
Rebecca Drexler 
Red Shoe, Trees - Sam Scoufos 
Green Table - Colin Young-Wolff 
Snake Path - Anna MacMurdo 
VICes and Virtues - Scott Thomas 
UNDA - Dave Ries 
Something Pacific - Chris Padfield 
Terrace - Leo Der Stepanians 
Untitled - Isaac Sullivan . 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN HIATU 13 

WHY RENT? BUY! 

You can: 

'J'\s a 3rd year student at UCSD I wanted to live off campus and have a 
place that I could go home to and feel c( mfortable in . I gave Tobin a call 
after I saw his ad'in the GUARDIAN and because I was familia r with him 
after living in the dorms. He not only helped me and my parents find a 
great place, he also cares about you, which is evident when he ca lls 
periodically to see how I am doing. He has been a tremendous help and I 
hope when I'm ready to buy property later in life I will have a real estate 
agent who has been as wonderful as Tobin ! Calling Tobin is a no-brainer 
if you are looking for a place to live." 

- Todd Scherwin 

TOBIN 
One of UCSD's fin est 

of the Year 
Nominee! 

• Rent the extra rooms to your friends .. . 
• Use the rent money to pay for the mortgage ... 
• You live in the condo for FREE, and ... 
• ... your parents can write off the interest on the mortgage! 

HAVE YOUR PARENTS CALL TODAY 
AND INVEST IN A CONDO! 

COLDWeLl. 
BAN~eRa 

ASSOCIATES 
REALTY 

Here's a way to pay for housing that is also an investment! Call Tobin today at 

(858)637-0609 (voice mail) (858)621-5279 (office) 
9988 Hilbert Street. Sle 100, San Otego, CA 9213t 
Each office is independently owned and operated e-mail:Finestrealtor@hotmail.com 

www . ucsdguard 

{(Our students discover 
that the law is much 
more than textbooks 
and cases - it 
involves real people 
and real p~oblems." 
PROFESSO' WILLIAM J. ACEVES 

Where can you find a law school where 

the professors are accessible? Where 
. 

you willieam the true meaning of being 

a lawyer - to counsel, help, resolve, 

and prevent legal confrontation? Where 

a contemporary legal education and 

rigorous traditional curriculum mold 

compassionate, ethi~al, and effective 
legal professionals? Where students 

and learning law are the priorities? 

California Western School of Law, 

DEGREE PROGRAMS 

Juris Doctor 
JD/MBA 
JD/MSW 
JD/PhD - Hillory or PolitiCiI Science 
llM . Trill AdvoclCY 
MCUllM - Compuitivi llw 

AREAS OF CONCENTRATION 

Child, Flmily, Elder llw 
Crlltive Problem Solving 
Criminal Justice 
International law 
labor and Employment law 

Ask about our distinguished faculty, January and August enrollment, the 

two-Yllr option, Ind the ICldemic expertise and prlctical experience 

students obtain in our Clinicllinternship Program. 

CeIll".I. W •• t".lc .... ' .1 Law us Cd" 11, •• 1 I •• Di ••• , c.IiI".I. 11101 ... ·.74·Zt75 

an . org 

MISSlON·FOCUSED CENTERS 

California Innocence Project 
Institute for Criminal Defense Advocacy 
McGill Center for Creative Problem Solving 
National Center for Preventive law 

CALIFORNIA WESTERN 
SCHUl Uf lHW 

SAN DIEGO 
AU un AALS UI7 

www.C.lil ••• i.W .. t .... l4u L .. ,nLaw.cwll .• du 

i 

I 
I 
I 
i 
~ l 

! 



14 CLASSIFIEDS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Fraternites • Sororities 

Clubs • Student Groups 
Earn S 1,000-52,000 this semester 

with the easy Campusfundraiscr.com 
three hour fundraising event. 
Does not involve credit card 

applications. Fundraising dates 
are filling qu ickly, so caU today! 

ontact Campusfundraiser.com 
at (888) 923-3238, or visit 

www.campusfundra;ser.com 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

CLASSIFIEDS 
The UCSD Guardian reserves the right to classify, edit, delete, offensive words and 
pharses, andiOf refuse any and all advertisements without prolr notification. The 
Advertiser will not hold the Guardian liable for any claims resulting form the publication 
01 the advertisement. The pubHsher will also not be held accountable for any claim from 
an agreement mao 'e between the advertiser and the consumer 
Copy should be reviewed by the advertiser for errors. In order to be corrected In the 
next regular issue, all errors must be reported by the corresponding deadline. Credit will 
only be given for the incorrect portion of the advertisement. There are no refunds for 
cancellations. 
Please send all correspondence regarding Classified. to: 
UCSD Guardian, Attn: Claulfleds, 9500 Gilman Drive '0316, La Jolla, CA 92093. 
Actual location: Student Cen ter A, Room 217. 

Classified Line 
Ad Rates 

Students: $5 per 20 words 
Facufty & Staff: 56 per 20 words 

All others: $7 per 20 word. 
Personals FREE 
20 words or less 

Advance payment Is required 

Classified Display 
Ad Rates 

59,75 per column Inch 
Deadlines: 

Publication 
Monday 
Thursday 

0 ... Display Ads Una Ads 
Noon Thurs. 3 pm Thur •. 
Noon Mon. 3 pm Mon. IT'S NOT TOO LATE TO GO TO ASPEN II 

Board@UCSD is Slill accepllng deposils lor 
thiS year's winter tnpl To sign up, call NICk at 
337·6352 or e·mail boardOucsd.edu. $100 
depOSits are due November 2! (1111) 

Classified Line Ads appear In both the Guardian PRINT and ONLINE editions. 

opportunities. S34 1123. abroad@ucsd.edu. 619.275.5055 (HY4.lll1) 

EVENTS 
EAP Japan! lor 2002·03 Deadlrnes rn earty 
November Programs lor 
Englneenng/Language/Global Secunty/ the 
Year 534 t t23 abroad@ucsd edu (10/20· 
t1 /13) 
EAP Deadlines lor UKIlreland 2002103 coming 
up Friday, November 9 It 's not too late to 
study abroadl 534 1123 abroadOucsd.edu. 
(10/29·1118) 
Discover the Ph ilippines! Info. Session: 
Thursday. 1111, 2 31).4 OOpm. Intemational 
Center Conference Room. Study/internShip 

(10/29·1111) 
Parlez·vous IrancalS? Study in Francel France 
Info. Session Monday, November 5, 3.00· 
4 30pm International Cenler Lounge. 
534 lt23. (1 0129·1115) 
Free moneyl Money for Sludy Abroad l 
Scholarships/Frnancl3l Aid. Wednesday, lIn , 
2·3O·400pm. Intemallonal Center Lounge 
534 1123. (1 0129·1115) 
Explore Israel by studyrng therel Israel Info. 
Session: Tuesday, November 6, 2 31).4 OOpm 
Internallonal Center Conference Room. 
534.1123. (t0l29·11I5) 
--- -- -

EMPLOYMENT 
Great Internship C A. G Edwards brokerage 
lirm (La Jolla) OulSlanding Ieaming & JOb 
expellence. Call Josh Wiley C 
\.800.759.1045. (9124·1115) 
Leaders Wanted. Natronal Mar!(eting group 
expanding. Looking for business minded stu· 
dents with experience in marketing, teaching , 
public speaking. 619.49t .9724. (tIY29·11/13) 
Siudent Advantage, Inc. (www.studentadvan. 
lage.com) is looking for motivated and outgoing 
students at UCSD. Caa 1.800.763.4006 or e· 
mail dlebharOstudentadvantage.com (1tv25· 
1t/8) 
Sports Minded Individuals Hiring immedlate· 
Iy 6·8 enthusiastic individuals for FTlPT shifts 
available 512·t4 p/h. Perfect fOf students. 

Also look for our survey online. The results will appear in our 
"Best Of" edition on Thursday Nov. 15th, We would appreciate 
feedback on your personal favorites ... 

Best Date Restaurant 

Best Fast Food 

Best Clu b 

Best Rock Band 

Best Radio Station 

Best Bagels 

Best Mexican Food 

Best Sushi 

Best CD Store 

Best Pizza 

Best Beer 

Best Mall 

Best Seafood 

Best Coffeehouse 

Best Bookstore 

You can turn this form into our office, upstairs in the Student 
Center. Thanks! 

A + SUBS - Preschool 
Substitutes, aides, & 

teachers, All areas, full 
time , flexible part time 

hours $675_$950 hourly 
Call Jacki 

858-565-2144 

51000'5 WEEKLYII Stuff envelopes at horne 
for 52.00 each plus bonuses Wor!( FIT or PIT. 
Make S800t weekly, guaranteed! Free sup· 
plies. No experienoe necessary. For details, 
send one stamp to: N·34, PMB 552, 12021 
WilShire Blvd., Los Angeies, CA90025. (1tv25· 
11/1) 
Part·time Independent Autism Interventionist 
needed for kindergartner. CARD· trained a 
plus. ABA Therapy, school shadowing. 
5201hour. Fax 858.693.4172. (Itvl·11I1) 
Combat AIDS In Afrtcal Educate with knowl· 
edge & actions. Woo with schools and fami· 
lies. Make a differenoe! Info. mig, al UCSD. 
Call to confirm 530.467.4082. Programs open 
to all and run year·round. WWW.cetg.Ofg. (1111 · 
11 /5) 
English tutor for 13·year-01d boy. Prefer native 

Engl~h speakers who know Mandarin and 
ESl. Shrs/wk. 858.587.6795. (11 /1) 
Stereo Design, Inc. (www.stere0d8sign.com) Is 
looking for a Receptionist. 57.50/hour, 
Tuesdays & Thursdays. Please cali 
858.573.0060. Ask fOf David. (1111 ·11/8) 
Preschool teachers, Aides, & subs part and full 
lime near campus In SOfrento Valley. JOI1 our 
team. 858.794.9130. (1111·11119) 
BARTENDERS NEEDEDI No expertonoe nec· 
essary. COfne it and apply al Kahuna's surfbar, 
873 Turquoise Street, PacifIC Beach. (1111. 
11113) 
Babysiner, 2:30·5:30, one to two days a week. 
Non·smoker. S9lhour. 858.755.4874. (1111) 
Nanny wanted to care for newbom, 25·45 
hours/wk, in Del Mar hOme. Must have prior 
experience & references. 858·793·7394. (1111· 
1115) 
---- - ---- --

ROOMMATES 
$600 Room for Renl in 2811.5B Condo. 
Seeking non·smoker, female , No pets Call 
Eleanore Day.858 655 5065. (1tv29.1t/l)· 

FOR RENT 
2 BED 2 BATH, washer/dryer, par!(lng close 10 
Beach and Bus. Walk 10 town and beach. 
858.459.4534 or 858.454.7721. Micheal or 
Iran. Can rent to mOfe than 2 people. Rent 
51700. (II/I) 
PaciHe Beach. Large 1 BDR condo, 3 blcks 
Irom beach. Newly updated, off·slreet parking. 
Avail 1217. SI17S/mo. 858.55t .1049 or 
454.9033. (1111) 
Del Mar HighlandS Condo. 2 masters, wash· 
er/dryer In unit, hoi tub, pool, tennis, I car 
garage, I parking space, SI ,7Dtvmo., avaUable 
12/1101 . 858.48t .7694 (1 tv22·11I5) 

- --- --- --- ---

FOR SALE 

• Book. tore Compute, Center 
151.534.42'1 • while supplle. I .. t 
FlashCards200l : Create, ed~, and study IIash 
cards on your PC or Pam PDA Download a 
FREE demo at www.flashcardsonline.com. 
(1111) 

• Book.tore Compute, Center 
151.534.42'1 • while supplle. I.st 

SHAKLEE • Natural & Organic Food supple· 
ments. 100% moneyback guarantee, 100% 
clinically proven on Humans... Delivered to 
campus, mail. Debbie. 619.337.8484. (1111) 

- -------- - --- - - - --

WANTED 
Volunteers paid S30 for an Interview. If u are 
entirely of Chinese , Japanese or Korean 

THURSDAY, NOVEMBER I, 2001 

descen~ age 21 ·26, call 552.8585 x 5590. 
(Itv18·11126) 
Twins·UCSD study needs heaftlly twin pair vol· 
unteers ages 18·5Oyrs. for inforrnalon process· 
ing reSearch. Monetary compensation. 
619.725.3518. (10122·11/13) 
UCSD study needs healthy volunteers ages 
30-50 yrs. fOf psychophysiological research. 
Testing involves 3 visits over 2'month period. 
Earn up 10 570. 619.725.35f8. (10122·11/13) 

~~~~~~ 
~ WOMEN ~ 
~ BE AN ANGEL!!! ~ 

DONATE EGGS! ~ If you are 21-30 ~ ~ years, healthy, bright ~ 
~ and responsible ~ 

1-800-939-6886 ... ~ All nationalities needed ;:; 
"V' GENEROUS "V' 
~ COMPENSATION! ~ 

~~~~~~ 
Cash for your old monochrome Hercules Video 
boards. Must be In working COndition Contact 
Vikkl at 534.8816 (11/1 ·8) 
Female housekeeper/cook/girl froday in 
exchange for rent In Carmel Valley executive 
home. Includes water/electricity/cable. 
858.793.7310. (11/1·1115) 
Do you need headshots or pholographs for a 
portfolio, Prolect, or gih? I would like to help. Or 
do your genuinely like having your picture 
taken and would like to help rn my proJects? 
Married graduate student & photographer 
www.dbsykes.oom. (I t/l) 
--- -- -- ---

SERVICES 

DOTUTOR.oom, NEED A TUTOR? Hundreds 
of tutors to your home, all subjects, any level, 
discount packages available, 
l.a77.DO.TUTOR, we are hiring. (1IYI·8112) 

-

PERSONALS 
Alert from the Guardian business offICe: Pam 
the boss lady has declared that ALL PERSON· 
ALS (20 words Of less) ARE FREE until further 
noilce. That's right, ALL PERSONALS ARE 
FREEl (10111·fll29) 
Extra nole on the Free personals: We are 
walching for individuals or campus orgs 
attempting to sneak in announcements as per· 
sonals In disguise. Come on, get In the true 
spirit of the free personal! (1111 · 1118) 
Hey KEVY -I I just wanted 10 say drop a little 
note and say "hello' in some creative way! =) 
Do u think I succeeded? Well I hOpe that u 
have a good week and u've enjoyed this, even 
though it's.nolh ing much! Hope 10 see u soonl 
Love, NETTEI =) Adiosl (1111) 
WOfId Sertos update' Fox Sports has replaced 
the Ally McBeal Irve on the stands promo wllh 
the Ally McBeal Virtual backstop ad. Virtual Ally 
does not, hOwever, pretend to eat a hot dog 
before stuffing ~ behind her seat. (11 ft) 

Located in the Price Center 
858-452-0630 GuARDIAN 0 N LI N E Shop Sale Hours: Tues-Fri 9 to 7 PB Shop open: Sat 10 to 5 

Www.ucsdguardian,org 1-800-2COUNCIL www.counciltravel.com 
Call 24 hrs 8am (EST) Tues Nov 6 12 am (EST) Fro Nov 9 & lOam 7pm (EST) Sat Nov 10 

THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 1. 200l 

UCSD will host 2001 
CCAA tournament 
The women's soccer team will 
attempt to repeat as CCAA champs 
By JOSH CROUSE 
Sports Editor 

The 200 1 California Collegiate 
Athletic Association Soccer 
Championships will be held at 
Triron Soccer Stadium this week-
end. UCSD's women's soccer team 
will attempt ro repeat as champions 
of the tournament. 

The lhrons enter the tourna-
• mcnl as the regular season CCAA 

South Division champion with a 
12-2 conference record. That mark 
earns UCSD, who is ranked o. 6 
in the ational Soccer Coaches 
Association of America NCAA 
Division 11 rankings, the rop eed in 
the CCAA tournament. 

Cal Poly Pomona took the sec-

Stoner: 
Kangaroo Court makes 
for fond memories 
Continued from page 16 
varsity team for our second or third 
years, and I had been playi ng with 
many of them since Little League. 
\Ve beeame even closer during con-
ditioning, as everyone shared in the 
misery of twice-a-day practices, the 
first one starting at 6 a.l11. 

But perhaps what most brought 
our team together was the time-
honored tradition of Kangaroo 
Court. For those of you who don't 
know what this is, I'll do my best to 
explain. 

Once a week, our team would 
have team dinners, either at some-
one's house or at the pizza place 
where one of our assistant coaches 
worked. We would eat our fill, and 
then begin court, in which our 
coaches were the judges. And then 
the accusations would begin. 

Players would bring u~ viola-
tions their teammates committed in 
the past week ro the coun. For 
example, if somebody made a 
baserunning mistake in the last 
~ame, he would be fined for it. If 
someone threw his bat or helmet 
after striking out, he would be fined 
for it - this was one fine that was 
often brought against me. 

However, a player could also get 
props as well, for making a great 
diving catch, or for a clutch base 
hit, something of that nature. And 
if somebody nominated a teammate 
for props and the coaches agreed, 
then that person's fine would be 
reduced. 

What about those people who 
didn't get fined? No problem, any-
one who wasn't fined got fined for 
not getting fined . 

ond seed in the t('urnament as a 
wild card with a I{J 2-2 conference 
record. It will face the third seed, 
CCAA Central Division champion 
Cal State Dominguez Hills, at 5 
p.m. on Nov. 2. 

The Trirons will play the la te 
game on Friday night when they 
take on fourth-seeded UC Davis, 
the CCAA North Division champi-
ons, at 7:36 p.m. at lriton Soccer 
Stadium . 

The finals will be held Nov. 4 at 
noon. 

On Saturday, UCSD and the 
CCM will host a CAA Youth 
Education through Sports clinic for 
local boys. The event wi ll run from 
2:30 p.m. to 5 p.m. at Triton Soccer 
Stadium. 

The fines weren't large at nil, 
with one or twO bucks being the 
biggest fine someone could get per 
violation. 

However, the great part of 
Kangaroo Court was that it wasn't 
limited to the field . 

Players could fine thei r friends 
for being late to class, for public 
display of affection wi th thei r girl -
friends, for hooking up with a girl 
two years younger than them at a 
party and so on. Anything the 
coaches deemed ari infraction was 
a fine for the player. This was 
always the best part, as friends 
would bring up embarrassing sto-
ries about their teammates and 
then the person would try to get 
even. 

The best thing was that you 
could fine the coaches as well. For 
example, our coach would be 
fined for getting tossed from a 
game - or if he said something 
particularly interesting about the 
umpires he might end up getting 
props for it. In that case, one of 
the other coaches would be the 
judge. 

At the end of the night, the per-
son with the most fines would col-
lect the tally sheet that had every-
body's fines on it and would be 
responsible for it for the next week 
and for collecting all the fines from 
the players. The money was set 
aside to pay for the team dinner 
next week, and the way the fines 
mounted up, there was usually 
more than enough. 

It is traditions like Kangaroo 
Court and many, many others that 
really make me miss being on a 
team. I urge anyone who is part of 
a team to establish something like 
this to bring his team closer togeth-
er. The good times and friendships 
that result from a close-knit team 
will last a lifetime. 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

In the 8!'and tradition of 
UCSD ice hockey, ~e team 
swept three games last weekend 
emr UCLA, East Washinp>n 
University and College of 

• Canyons. 
The 6rst game against UCLA 

on ThursdAy started out rough 
for UCSD when UCLA scored 
its first goal just a few minutes 
into the !irst period. Sc:orinr WlS 
relatively even until the third 
period when UCSD led, 5-4. 

After the second intermission, 
however, UCSD pulled it togeth-
er to score sev.:n Wlanswered 
goals in the third period, four of 
which belonged to Eliot 
MendehJson, The overwhelming 
offensive ,attack was highlighted 
by dual hat aicks from Andrew 
Jacobson and Kdth Davis. 

UCLA failed to recover in the 
dUrd period, leaving the score 
12-4, 

On Friday night it was 
EWU's turn to meet defeat, 
Crucial to the win was goalie 
Sean Fine, who secured his first 
shutout. Another standout per-
formance came from Davis, who 
had his second hat nick of the 
weekend, Though East 
Washington was supposed to be 
one of the team\ fiercest oppo-
nents, UCSD won the game eas-
ily by a final of 5-0. 

But the most l'eSOWlding 
UCSD pounding was dealt to 
College of the Can7Ufll, 1fhich 
was.erved 16 unanswered goals, '. 

WATER SKI 

Iportl. 

SPORTS 15 

iD home at 10: I 5 p.m, The game 
will be held at the Ice Chalet in 
UTe . . 

- Compiled by Carrie 
Elizabeth Sklar 

Stlljf Writer 

I said 80.· 

Every sunday 6:00p.m. You'relnViled 
live bands 

Powerful Messages 
coffee bar Ind refreShments 

INNOVATORS WANTED! 

Community Bible Cllln:b 
9919 carroll Center load 

111011'0, C. 92128 
858-549-7129 

_.CrossovercBC.com 

Crossing Over to Christ no~~!~~~~_rge 

invention 

uflmel 
clllllc .. fI 
I1CCc/S 

.oJ 
« (,) 
c 
w 
::E o \.~1Jl!flh·t·'Ir'" 
-

IWlllkMI.. 

TECHNOLOGY 

/mp/cm·'ntM 

modeling 
blains torrnlng 



"The t ood Lord mletrt not wMt to Uke 
me, but He mlCht be afte, the pilot.· 

- Bobby Bowden. Flollda Stare 's football co«", 
on hIS feM 01 5IN1I pI~s 

THURSDAY, NOVEMI3ER 1,2001 THE UCSD GUARD IAN 

Club Sports 
Both the ice hockey and 
water ski teams enjoyed 

successful weekends. 

See p. lS 

SPORTS 16 

Waterpolo rebounds with big tourney 
Mter loss to LMU, Tritons take four straight in Colorado tournament 
By JOSH CROUSE 
Sports Ed itor 

The UCSD men's waterpolo 
(cam begJn with a tOugh loss la t 
week at Loyola Marymount 
Unl\fcrsity before catching. fire 
over the weekend and winning all 
four of its games at the West 
Mccts East lournament at the Air 
Force Academy in Colorado. 

A( week's end, the Tritons had 
lin proved their record to an 
IInpre"ive 14-4. 

I lead coach Denny I larpcr was 
especially pleased with his team's 
performance last wcek because it 
played without two of its tOp lhree 
,corer,: Brett Allcn and Vladimir 
D)apic. 

"I'm mtally happy witll how the 
tcam played in all fivc games," 
Il.1rpcr said. "\\'e didn't have time 
to prepJre for [Allen and Djapic[ 
heln!( out. rhey were game-day 
deCI>HlllS on Thur'tiJy morning. 
Thl' te.lm did phenomenally to 
re'p()I1LI to those two bcmg Out." 

UCSD, which entered the week 
ranked No.8 in the nation, dropped 
its second-straight match on a 7-6 
heartbreaking loss to the Lions on 
Oct. 29 at Burns Aquatic Center. 

"1 would say that we did well, 
only losing by one at their pool," 
Harper said. 

L 1U, which was the No. 9-
ranked team in the nation amd 
entered the match with a 9-11 
record, took the early lead with a 
pair of goals in the first period. 
Kevin 'vVin and Scan mith each 
found the net for the Lions. The 
Tritons only managed a single goal 
in the first quarter, which came 
from Jonathan Samuels. 

UCSD took a proverbial shot in 
the mouth in the second quarter 
when LMU exploded with four 
goals while the Tritons could only 
manage a single core. Kyle Witt, 
Stephen Lipinski, Tamas S7.ego and 

mith all scored in the period for 
the Lions. Kevin Smoker scored his 
only goal of the m:Jtch in the se -
ond quarter for UCSD. 

"We didn't play particularly well 
in the first ha lf," Harper said. "We 
played much better in the second 
half." 

The Tritons barrled back in the 
third quarter, outscoring their 
hosts by a score of 3-1. Bryon 
Spicer, Brandon Borsa and 
Samuels each contributed a score. 
Kris Barr was the only LMU play-
er to score in the second half. 

A single goal in the final quarter 
from Jonathan Hopkins brought 
the Tritons to within one at 7-6, 
but that would be all that the team 
could manage. 

Kevin Paulsen recorded 10 
saves for the Lions. 

UCSD faired much better in 
the West Meets East Tournament, 
which took place Oct. 27 and Oct. 
28, winning its matches against UC 
Davis, the U.S. Naval Academy, 
the U.S. Air Force Academy and 
California Baptist University. 

The Tritons played well despite 
the conditions that they had to play 
in. Harper said that playing at the 

Air Force Academy is one of the 
hardest places to playa match on 
the road. 

"That is a really tough tourna-
ment to play in," Harper said. "It is 
really difficult to play there because 
it is at 7,200 feet and is an indoor 
pool. It is tough to breathe." 

In their games on Oct. 27, the 
Tritons dismantled the Aggies 9-3 
before squeaking past the 
Midshipmen with a 8-7 double-
overtime win. 

Oct. 28 brought matches 
against California Baptist 
University and tournament host 
Air Force Academy. UCSD had a 
narrow 7-5 victory over California 
Baptist University before capping 
off the tournament by easily beat-
ing its host by a final of 8-3 . 

The Tritons had an exhibition 
match against the U.S. National 
Team Tuesday night. According to 
Harper, the game came together at 
almost the last minute. 

Harper said, UCSD played the 
national team tough and kept the 

Switn team hosts first meet of season 
Individuals do well while team falls to UC Irvine at Canyonview Pool 
By ISAAC PEARLMAN 
Sports Editor 

Thc UCSD swimming tcams 
h()stcd the Triton [nvitational at 
Canyolwiew Pool on Oct. 27, and 
hoth Triton teams swam to sccond-
pl.lce finishes. 

Compcting against UC Irvine, 
;-';onh Coast Aquatics and Cal 
State Northridge, the mcn's tcam 
e,lrned 5t\-l points, while the 
\HlmCn', tC,lm earncd 492 . UC 
Inllle finished fir, t in thc mcn 's 
,Illd \1 omcn" competitions. 

UC:S()\ relay team, scored 
\\cll . The women's 200-yard 
frcc'I)-Ic rday tCOlIn, which Includ-
ed Clml),n K\\'ok, Evelyn Kwok, 
S,1I1Ialllh,1 \ \ 'ong and c'lrly RO'is, 
e,ll'Iled ,I flr,t-p lacc finISh . The 
'1"I11l'n\ 400-I'ald medley relay 
tUI11 ,I"" lllll~ In lir,t and \\ J\ 

l1Iad~ IIp 01 "crstcn \ Vchde, Rachel 
\Ithlll .lIld the l\:wok sl,ters 

"I \\,1, really, happ}' wllh how 
[the \\oll:cn', 200-Y'lrd freestyle 
rei a! team] swam," said hcad coach 
Swit \kt;ihon. "~It was a re,tlly 
i{(I"d lIIlH! for (hem at till, POlllt of 
the ,c,lr." 

'ihe Illcn's rci,lY tC.II11, could 110l 
secure ,1 lir,t-place victory, but hoth 
the 4IJO- ,lI1d 200-ya rd medlcy teJms 
pl.Kcd seLOnJ ,111d founh, respec-
lI\dy, to earn points for the "Ihwm. 

"The mcn's 400-yard medley 
rcl'l)' le,lm was a nice surprise," 
.\1 ((,111011 s,lId. 

I ndll'ldually for the men, sopho-
more Luke Sced posted a tilne of 
'iH.i3 «j secure first place m thc 
IOI)'\'Jrd breaststroke. Seed also 
l"lllll: In second in thc 100-yard 
buttcrlh cyent. 

On 'thc wOlllen' side, junior 
Sandr.1 I.opcz won the 200-yard 
hre,1\t,lrokc cyent in 2:24 for the 
"Ihwm. Fre,hman frances Tran 
secured the other first-place victory 
for the women', lcam 111 the 200-
yard hllttcrOy, fim,hing thc evcnt 
In 2.10. 

UP ING VENTS 
Nov. 2, 7 p.m., RIMAC Arena: Women's Volleyball vs. CSU San Bernardino 
Nov. 2, 7:30 p.m., Triton Soccer Stadium: Women's Soccer vs. UC Davis 

Diving in: (above) A UCSD 
swimmer dives into the water for 
the backstroke during the Triton 
invitational, which featured teams 
from UC Irvine, North Coast 
Aquatics and California State 
University Northridge, in addition to 
the hosting Tritons. UC Irvine took 
first place in both the men's and 
women's overall team 
competitions. (left) A UCSD 
swimmer competes in the 
backstroke. Individually, the Tritons 
had several swimmers win events, 
while UCSD's relay teams had 
respeda ble meets as well, placing 
high In several events. This was the 
first competition of the season 
UCSD has competed in, following 
two exhibition meets that included 
an Intersquad meet and an alumlll 

leo De, 5tepanians/Cuo,dian meet. 

match close early on, but fatigue 
fina lly set in as the national team 
pulled away for a convincing 15-5 
victory. 

Harper was impressed with the 
way his team played under the con-
ditions. 

"We played them well carlyon," 
Harper said. "We just got tired. I 
would have liked to have had 
another day or two to rest our guys 
after the tournament, but it just 
didn't work out. You have to give 
them credit though, they are very 
good." 

The lritons' next match will be 
against UC Irvine on Sunclay. 
UCSD will travel to Irvine to bat-
tle the Anteater . The match is 
scheduled to begin at noon. 

Djapic will be back for that 
match while Allen's return is 
hopeful, according to Il arper. 
Allen is currently awaiting results 
on an MR1. The tea m expects him 
back for the match against UC 
Santa Barbara on Nov. II at the 
latest. 

stoner 
steps 

ISAAC PEARLMA.~ . ~~ 

Believe it or not, I actua lly do not 
get paia much 
working as a sports 
editor for the 
Guardian. 

'vVhen it comes down to it, I get 
paid less than minimum wage. [ 
work a lot of hours for a little bit of 
money. 

Because of my less- than-stellar 
wages, I have a second job to 
boost my cash now. This second 
job consists of sitt in g at the 
weight room des k inside of 
RIMAC and checking students' 
purple stickers. This job isn'l very 
glamorous or interesting and 
doesn't requ ire toO many brain 
cells, but it pays more lhan wha t I 
ge t busting my ass for the 
Gum·dian. 

To pass the time, somctimes ['II 
just look around and observe peo-
ple. Of course, first I'll chcck Out all 
the cute girls on thc treadmills, but 
aftcr I get bored of being ignored 
by tllcm, my gaze will invariably he 
drawn to the Pit, which is the arca 
right below the treadmills where 
the Sports teams have thei r team 
workouts. 

Watching tile teams work out 
together, horsc around together, 
and just be a team together makes 
me realize how mUch I miss being 
on a team. The cohesiveness, thc 
camaraderie, the sen e of belong-
ing and sccurity, and the accep-
tance and understanding on a team 
is like none other. 

The last organizcd team 1 was on 
was my high school baseball team, 
and I don't think I'll ever forgct that 
team. A majority of us werc on the 

See STONER, Page 15 


