
Ballot Box Candidates, bonds and propositions: Check out the Guardian's 
endorsements for Tuesday's California state primary election. 

see Opinion, page 4 

THE UCSD 
Circulation 
11,00.0 

UC SAN DIEGO www.ucsdguardian.org 

Cake, sans green eggs and ham 

lyon liew/Guardian 

Happy birthday: Students enjoyed birthday cake in honor of Theodore Giesel On Friday afternoon in iont of 
the-library named after him: Giesel is better known by his pen name - l)rSeus~ 

Hundreds attend weekend 
leadership conference at UCSD 
Workshops were designed to develop student's 
skills in public relations, networking and managing 
By T.J. TALLIE 
Staff Writer 

More than 1,000 college stu-
dents attended the Excel 
Leadership Conference on 
Saturday, seeking to build leader-
ship skills 

The UCSD Interfraternity 
Council and Panhellenic 
Association, along with A.S. 
Council and Kaplan, sponsored 
the 12th annual Excel conference, 
which was held at the Price 
Center. 

The event is intended to edu-
cate leaders from campuses all 
around Southern California and 
kicked off "Greek Week" at 
UCSD . 

The conference workshops 
were divided into four main cate-
gories: general leadership, career 
development, risk management 
and greek education, all of which 
offered a diverse selection of top-
ics, such as "Networking Your 
Way to the Top," "Pledging in 

Cultural Greek Organizations" 
and "Positive Public Relations." 

More than 20 workshops were 
offered to attendees and were 
spread out over the various con-
fere nce rooms in the Price 
Center, the Price Center Theater 
and in several Center Hall class-
rooms. 

Lecturer and author Will 
Keim, Left Field Consulting CEO 
Barbie Tootle and San Diego tele-
vision news anchor Lee Ann Kim 
were among several speakers and 
workshop leaders at the event. 

Beginning the conference with 
the keynote address, Keirn spoke 
on ethical decisions and leadership 
and addressed issues of morality 
and an individual responsibility 
for bettering the condition of the 
world today. 

Tootle also spoke in the after-
noon session, emphasizing the 
need for creative leaders and indi-
vidual thought. 

UCSD had many representa-
tives at the conference, ranging 

INSIDE ... Sports The men's and women's basketball teams dosed out 
the. season la" weekend. 

1 
1 see page 20 
4 FeIbns 11 

13 M IM!MeW of the .\5. Counels teglsiatM! process 
.6 and the speofic dUlles as~gned 
17 to Nell posiIKln. 
10 see page 11 

from large numbers of fraternity 
and sorority members to partici-
pants in Revelle College'S Express 
to Success Program. 

Andrea Carrillo, a Marshall 
freshman and a part of the Express 
to Success Program, found the 
conference beneficial. 

"It was really enlightening," 
she said. "I learned a lot about 
becoming a better leader, as well 
as what employers are looking 
for." 

Heather Howerton, a Revelle 
freshman and a member of Chi 
Omega sorority, agreed. 

"As a first-year, it can get very 
confusing at times," she said . 
"The speakers so far have been 
able to clarify my ideas on lead-
ership as an individual on both a 
personal level and as a leader in 
general." 

Several of the speakers also 
supported the conference's focus 
on personal leadership. 

See EXCEL. Page :2 

Weather 
Mond.y. MIrth 4: High 75 I low 44 <'$ 
Tue~ ~ 5: High 68 I low 48 ~~, 
Wedn~ Mirth 9: High 67 I low 50 ~ 

~re here so people will 
be able to see the other side:' 

-Justin Akers 
ISO member 

MONDAY 
March 4, 2002 

VOLUME 10/ , I SUE 17 

Marshall passes 
fee referendum 
$2 student activity fee 
overwhelmingly approved 
By RAY HENGST 
Staff Writer 

Thurgood Marshall College's 
referendum to create a Marshall 
student fee of $2 per quarter 
passed by a vote of 497 -168 with a 
voter turnout of 19 percent, 
according to TMC Elections 
Manager and Finance Director 
Kevin Kelly. 

The referendum will take effect 
in spring quarter and double 
Marshall College Council's bud-
get. 

All Marshall organizations will 
most likely receive part of the 
roughly $8.000 per quarter that will 
be:: r3lSed by the referendum, Kelly 
said. Next year's Marshall College 
Council will decide how the money 
will be spent. 

"We kind of just want to pump 
everything that we have up," said 

Marshall Activity Student 
Committee Chair Meredith Knell. 

Voting on the referendum took 
place from Monday through 
Thursday of last week on Library 
Walk and at Peterson Hall 
throughout the day. and at 
Oceanview Terrace at night , 
according to Kelly. 

"We printed exactly 1,000 bal-
lots and accounted for all of them," 
said Marshall Junior Senator 
William Tunick. 

Kelly said 35 percent of the stu-
dents who voted were freshmen, 23 
percent of the voters were sopho-
mores, another 23 percent were 
juniors and 18 percent were 
seniors . 

"I was really surprised on the 
number of third- and fourth-years 
and commuters," said Marshall 

See MARSHALL, Page 9 

Speakers express 
• • OPPOSition to war 

Anna MacMurdolGuardian 

War dissent: Stefani Martinez, David Barsamian, Shary Wolf and Gerald 
Ungerman (left to right) discuss the war On terrorism at a meeting Thursday. 

International Socialist Organization 
sponsors forum held Thursday 
By KIRSTEN HUBBARD 
Staff Writer 

Several activists affiliated witll 
the International Socialist 
Organization gave speeches Feb. 
28 promoting UCSD's antiwar 
movement. 

"We are here so people will be 
able to ee the other side," said 
Ju tin Akers, an active member of 
ISO. "Media and politicians are 
one-sided. This war ... takes away 
rights and civil liberties. [1 0] 
wants to reveal what' wrong and 
why we should be critical." 

The forum featured a group of 
prominent socialist speakers dis-
cussing the war's consequences and 
alternative actions. Some of the 
speakers were San Diego-affiliated, 
while others were part of an I 0 
panel touring the nation . 

The ISO, based in hicago, has 
branches acros the country. 
recruiting and banding activists in 
communities, workplaces and on 
campu es. The organization says it 
i based on coordinating oppositi n 
to international oppres ion and 

See WAR, Page :I 



2 NEWS 

War: 
Campus socialists came 
to hear a different view 
Continued from page 1 

exploitation while working for a 
social revol urion. 

Bob Arness, a UCSD graduate 
student as well as an ISO member, 
said he feels strongly about these 
implications. 

"I envision a world where the 
majority ca n run a social democra-
cy," l\rness said. "By inviting the 
speakers here tonight, we arc try-
ing to broaden the layers of peo-
ple who are active and build a 
larger mO" emc11t ... to counter 
the mainstream ideologies which 
tend to rule ." 

The organization set up several 
tabks in front of Center Hall , 
where the rally was to take place. 
The tables oAcrcd pamphlets and 
other litera ture sponsoring social -
ism Jnd an end to the war. Among 
them were extensive copies of the 
illlrmario7lol Socil/lisr Rl'view, a 
widely circulated newspaper that 
hi lls itself as a "journal of revolu-
tionary Marxism." 

The I 0 also produces a news-
paper, 1'bl' Socialm Worker, which 
provides several statements of the 
organization's beliefs, sa)oi ng that 
"reforms within the ca pita list sys-
tem ca nnot put an end to oppres-
sion and exploitation. Capitalism 
must be overthrown." 

Sherry \Nolf, an editor for the 
IlIIcl7la fl o71ai Socialist Review, and 
David Barsamian, a'broadca ter for 
San Diego's Alternative Radio, 
were two of the speakers at the 
fo rum. 

Wolf llrdently spoke about wars 
throughout histOlY, arguing that 
the war against terrorism in the 
United States will create more suf-
feri ng than good. 

She also mentioned the irony of 
another orga ni zation 's an tiwar 
pamphlet. 

"IThe pamphlet] says war is 
not American," Wolf said to the 
:lLIciience. "But if you think about 
it, what is more American than 
\\rar?" 

Barsamian sa id he was surprised 
and pleased by the turnout. 

"In a city like San Diego, the 
organizations arc swimming 
3gaimt the current," Barsa mian 
said. 

Other speakers included Gerard 
Ungcrman, a filmmaker; Meritxcl 
Calderon, a member of Tijuana's 
Humanists for Peace; and Jaime 
Cotll, also from Tijuana. 

"Sept. II was a tragedy," Akers 
said. "But instead of fighting a war, 
the best thing we can do is to alle-
viate conditions that create terror-
i.lll. Like ending funding to Israel 

See ISO, Page 9 

Excel: 
Attendees report having 
learned a lot 
Continued from page 1 

"One reason why I enjoy this 
conference would have to li e in its 
stress on personal development," 
said Tootle, a keynote speaker and 
workshop leader. 

"The focus today is not on hav-
ing a better meeting, uut havi ng a 
better Iife, ~ Tootle said. "The 
conference has been less of a 
'how-to' session and more of an 
event on becoming a better per-
son. The topics chosen have been 
very timely in this regard . ~ 

Lauren Weiner, the student 
orga ni za tion advisor to Greek 
organi zations , summed up the 
intent of the conference as one of 
leadership development. 

"Whether [a student) is an 
emerging or advanced leader, the 
goal of the event is to provide him 
or her with skills and strategies for 
being an effective leader," she 
said. 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

ETCETERA 
I~tce ,,' Vice 

fVfRYMORNINC, / WAKf IJPAND Tfll MYSflf, 
70lll Y WIll BETHE DAY. TH/SWlll BErHE 
DAYTHATI WIll MAKf A DIFFERENCE. · 

BRIEFLY 

lXJN1 KNOW IWIAr Ins, OR H(!(( 
I'M GONNA DO IT. AlllltNON IS THAT 
IN ORlJER TOMAKE A DIFFERENCE. 

DO SOOETIlING 
DlmR,fm. 

Medical center drive intersection to close 
Renovation of UCSD's main sewer line will require 

closing the intersection where Medical Center Drive 
West crosses Medical Center Drive South. Construction 
is expected to continue throu~h June 20. 

The office of facilities desl~n and construction rec-
ommends that hospital deliveries be detoured through 
Health Sciences Drive. Access to Thornton Hospital and 
parking lots 751, 752 and 753 are not expected to be 
affected by the closure. 

The intersection will close to allow access for the 
contractors to tunnel under Interstate 5 to the Veterans 
Administration Medical Center. Manholes and la rger 
sewer pipes will be installed as part of the project. 

American Thoracic Society 
honors medicine professor 

The American Thoracic Society has awarded John 
Wes~ UCSD professor of medicine, the Edward 
Livingston Trudeau Medal for his work regarding the 
control, prevention and treatment of lung disease. 

West is an expert in respiratory physiology, a field in 
which he has done research on pulmonary circulation 
and gas exchange. Throughout his career, which spans 
over four decades, West has worked with mountain 
climbers and astronauts. 

West has done resea rch on the effects high altitude 
has on the lungs with climbers in the Himalayas and at 
the summit of Mount Everest. More recently his exper-
iments regarding weigh~essness have been conducted 
at the International Space Station. 

Throughout his career West has published 20 books 
and more than 400 articles. Currently, he serves as edi-
tor in chief of High Altitude Medicine & Biology. 

West's current project involves alleviating nypoxia in 
in astronomers who work in the Chilean Andes. 

The medal will be presented to West at the 
International Conference of the American Thoracic 
Society this May. 

UCSD-TV gets money for 
prenatal health programs 

UCSD-IV has announced that it will produce edu-
cational programming on preconception and prenatal 
health in conjunction with the March of Dimes and the 
state of California. 

UCSD-IV received $300,000 from the San Diego 
Chapter of the March of Dimes to produce the pro-
gramming. which will appear in broadcast and webcast 
through the California Distance Learning Health 
Network. 

Doctors from the UCSD School of Medicine will 
address important preconception and prenatal care 
concerns with other health care specialists. 

Some programming will be in Spanish and will 
focus on folic acid needs for women of child-bearing 
age. A fol ic acid deficit can cause neural tube defects in 
babies. Such defects occur in Latinas at three times the 
average rate. 

The programming will be completed in March 
2003. 

Other topics to be addressed in the videos include 
prenatal substance a prevention and intervention, 
indications for genetic screening and nutrition. 

Associate librarian appointed 
to oversee technical services 

The UCSD Libraries have appointed Luc Declerck as 
associate university librarian for technology and techni-
cal services. 

Prior to coming to UCSD, Declerck has served as the 
systems services and operations manager at the 
University of Victoria Libraries in British Columbia, 
Canada. 

Declerck has ~ master's deg(ee in library science 
from the University of Westem Ontario. 

If you don't want to make news and still be 
in the paper, there is a solution: 
You could write for the Guardian. 

Pick up an application at our offices located 
on the second floor of the Student Center. 

MONDAY, MARCH 4, 2002 

ALISON NORRIS & JEFFREY WHITE 
Editors in Chief 

LAUREN I. COARTNEY 
Managing Ediror 

MARY AM BANIHASHEMI & 
ANDREW QUADRI 

Copy &Iitors 
JOSH CROUSE & GEOFF DIETRICH 

Ntwr&liton 
EVAN McLAUGHLIN 
As,ociate Nws Edi tur 
DlVYA RUNCHAL .. 
JENNIFER SPOSITO 

Opinion &Iiton 
ISAAC PEARLMAN 

Sports &Iitor 
TATE MILLER 

Associate Sports Etlitor 
CLAIRE J. VANNmE 

Featum &lito>· 
LINDSAY BOYD 

Associate Featllr<s Ediror 
JOSEPH LEE .. CHARLIE TRAN 

Hilum &Iiton 
LAURA BROWN & ED WU 

D, ... igll &Iiron 
LYON L1EW 
Phor. Editor 

KENRICK LEUNG 
Graphic., Editor 

IHI-NING LIANG 
Web Editor 

EDITORIAL ASSISTANTS 
RInaldo Dorman, Steve Lehtonen. Oa na West 

SENIOR STAFF WRITERS 
Parisa Baharian. Angela Carrier. Ryan Darby. 
Theodore Dokko. Be!oand Fan, Alex J. Lee. 
Patrick Lee. Lara Moscnp. Margaret O·Neili. 

Cassandra Pierce, Aran SadJd, S,mone Santln\ 
Rebecca Wood, AMnd Vasan 

STAFF WRITERS 
I.Jsa Anda. Michael Barke<. Valene Bums, Oaw:! 
Bynum, Jacqueline Cheung. Glona Chung. Ha 
Chung. Heather Clart. Anne Cong+iuyen, Eoc 

Dean. I<eoth Do, jennifer Easterday. Mary Onel .. 
EstudUlo, Mara Evans. Keoa R. Fe~on. Courtney 
FoeId, Andrew Fu, Mansa Gutienez, Ray He~ 
Sarah Holine Corey Hoim.ln. HaM Hsu, Kirsten 

Hubbard. ~ HysloP. James Jeffrey. Anu Kumar. 
Stephanie Kwan. Eugene Kym. Sharon Lee. 

Matthew Lepon, Jun Ma. Laura McGann. Sabrina 
Moms, VIShaI Patel, Lauren Pow. Mana Salld. 

Sharon ShapirO! Carohne Son!!. Pama: Tabbakh 
Taheri. TJ. Talie. Jennifer Tfieune. Thom.ls 

Vineberg. Bryce Warwic~ Daniel Watts. Carlan 
Wender. Kirsten Wth~ Eia,ne Wong 

DESIGNERS 
Aurelia Agujar. Jennifer Chang. Catherine Ch,u. 

Anny Kao. Mark Zabala 
COPY READERS 

Melinda laChance. Carrie Elizabeth Sklar. 
Mather Martn 

PHOTOGRAPHERS 
Rebecca Orexler. Tvler Huff, Ch,is Padfield. 
Daw:! Rei~ Sam !>coufes. Scott Thomas, 

Colin Young·Wolff. Anna MacMurdo, Salah 
Stauch. tsaac Sullivan 

I LWSTRATORS 
Pat Leung. James P. Pascual 

~ONLINE 
www.ucsdguardian.org 

PAMELA FRUGE 
Businers Mrmllger 

MICHAEL FOULKS 
Advertising Manllger 

MIKE MARTINEZ 
AdverriJ;IIg lin Director 

HANNA DOERR 
Arrisranr Business Manager 

ASSISTANT ADVERnSING MANAGER 
Kimberly Hopkinson 

BUSINESS ASSISTANTS 
Nicole Iler1son 
Hannah lee 

Emilee Schumer 
ADVERnSING DESIGN II LAYOUT 
Lorelei B~nJes . Philip Lee . Nick Silva 

CIRCULATION ASSISTANTS 
Andrew Chantra. Greg Emmanuel, 

Kathleen Navarra, Adam Montgomery 
COMPUTER SUPPORT 

Andrew Chantra 
The UCSD CuonJ,on IS published Mondays and 
Thursdays dumg the academic )'!ar by and to< the 
stIJdents of UCSO. ReproductiJo of this newspaper n 
M>/ form, ....remer in YIotlOIe or " paot, YIithout penns. 
sian is strictt; prohibited. C 2002, 01 rps reseMld. 
The UCSD Guarci01 is not respoosbIe "" the ,ewm 
d un>Olcited 1TliI~ 01 art. The v'ev.s """""sed 
herein do not flI!(2Ssarily ~ the oponions at 
The UCSD GuarDan. the l.Jnio;er,ity d CaIiforrio or 
the AssociaJed Scudents. 'The UCSD Q.mii:Jn is W 
ed soIofy by ~ One IT1OfI! day 01 ycAA pro 
sh"t and rl be kicking ass 

General Editorial : 5~581 
News and Feature: 514-5226 

Opinion, Sports and Photo: 534-6582 
Hiatus: 514-6583 

AdvertisinC Office: 534-3466 
Fa.: 534-7691 

E-mail : edlr~sdlU/J(t1ll1f1 .o" 

me UCSD GUfll'dhln 
1500 Gllm." Dr. 0:,.8, 

&AI Jolla. CA 1201'-0'11 
Actual Iocatioo: Second Floor. UCSD 
Student Center Buikfonc A, Rm. 217 

MONDAY, MARCH 4, 2002 

Sunday, Feb. 24 
10:41 p_m.: Police arrested a 21-

year-old male nonaffiliate with an out-
standing misdemeanor warrant for 
driving with a suspended license. Bol1: 
$5,000. 
Monday, Feb. 2S 

11 :16 a.m_: A staff member 
reported the theft of a camera from 
Warren Lecture Hall Rm. 2125. Loss: 
$300. 

1 :03 p.m.: A staff member report-
ed the theft of a backpack from Urey 
Hall Rm. 5218. Loss: $51. Backpack 
was recovered in basement of Urey 
Hall. 

2:02 p_m.: Police ordered a 53-
year-old male nonaffiliate off campus 
for seven days for creating a distur-
bance at the Medical Teaching Facility. 

Tuesday, Feb_ 26 
9:45 a.m.: Police arrested a 47-

year-old male nonaffi liate for burglary 
at the University Bookstore. 

Wednesday, Feb_ 27 
1 :15 a.m.: Police towed a white 

2000 Toyota Tacoma from Lot 414 for 
having more than five unpaid parking 
citations. Stored at Star Towing. 

2:10 a.m.: Police towed a 1985 
Mercedes Benz from Lot 406 for hav-
ing registration expired over six 

months. Stored at Star Towing. 
7:37 a.m.: Police arrested a 41 -

year-old male nonaffiliate for being 
drunk in public at Thornton HospitaL 
Booked in Central Jail. 

10:27 a.m.: A silver four-door 
sedan hit a pedestrian at Muir Lane 
near the Applied Physics and 
Mathematics building. The pedestrian 
complained of foot pain and sought 
private treatment. 

11 :22 a.m.: A 37-year-old staff 
member lost consciousness at Giesel 
Library. Transported to Thorntof) 
Hospital by paramedics. 

3:47 p_m_: A staff member report-
ed the theft of a digital video camera 
from the Main Gym. Loss: $1,507. 

10:55 p.m.: Police arrested a 34-
year-old male nonaffiliate at Regents 
Road for spousal abuse. Transported 
to Central Jail 

Thursday, Feb. 28 
12:36 I.m.: Police arrested a 34-

year-old male nonaffiliate at Tenaya 
Hall second floor for parole violation. 
Transported to Central Jail 

8:56 a.m.: A student reported 
burglary to a white 1996 Honda Civic 
in Lot 701. Loss: $200. 

10:50 a.m.: A student reported 
theft of a vehicle license plate from 
Lot 411. 

11 :05a.m_: A nonaffiliate report-
ed two lost New Zealand passports. 

12 :08 p.m.: A student reported a 
lost cellular phone at Sierra Summit. 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

11 :00 p.m_: A student reported 
the theft of a dark blue Trek 6000 
mountain bike from Center Hall 
between 11 : 15 a.m. and 12:20 p.m. 
Loss: $300. 

7:25 p.m.: A 24-year-old non-affil-
iate suffered an allergic reaction at 
Birch Aquarium. Transported to 
Thornton Hospital by paramedics. 

Friday, March 1 
11 :03 a.m.: A staff member 

reported the theft of checks from 
Sierra Summit Loss: unknown. 

11 :55 p_m.: A student reported 
theft of credit card information from 
Matthews Apartments. Loss: $39.95. 
Saturday, March 2 

12:41 a.m.: Pol ice arrested a 35-
year-old female nonaffiliate for delay-
Ing a peace officer, possession of mar-
ijuana and possession of drug para-
phernalia at Gilman Drive and Osler 
Lane. Cited and released. 

12:50 a.m.: Police arrested a 31-
year-old male nonaffiliate fo r posses-
sion of methamphetamine and pos-
session of drug pa rapherna lia at 
Gilman Drive and Osler Lane. 
Transported to Centrol Jail. 

1 :30 a.m.: Police towed a blue 
1996 Chevrolet from Gilman Drive 
and Osler Lane because driver was 
arrested. Stored at Star Towing. 

-Complied by Steve Lehtonen 
Editorial Assistant 

Is there more than just Lights & Sirens 
today in the Guardian? 

Read on to find out. 

NEW 3 

~ Computer Repair 
~ 

a division of 
Academic 

Computing 
Services 

Computer and printer repair for 
UCSD faculty, staff and students 

On site service 
Two Convenient Drop off Sites: 

Room 1412 AP&M 
UCSD Bookstore Computer Center 

On-campus location: Room 1412 APM 
WebSite: http://techserv.ucsd_edu 

Email: techserv@ucsd.edu 
Phone: (858)534-4057 



PI I 
Orll\:IOl\ THE UC D GUARDIAN MONDAY, MARCH 4, 2002 

CAL I FOR 'N I A 
'-- --.... . I' '1f{ ~ I . .i ' , , 

,.,ERIM.ARY ,ELECTIO 
The Ca/~forni{l state pn'7nar), election takes place Tuesday, 
JlaTch 5, Following is a brief explanation ~f the propositions 
a77d candidates 017 the an Diego County ballot" and the 
pOJition of tbe Guardian edit07l"ial board 011 each, 

yes 40 
The Guardian endorses Proposition 40, which has been 

dubbed the "C~lifornia Clean \,yater, C lea n Ajr, Safe 
"ieighborhood Parks, and Coastal Protection Act of 2002." 

The legislation is i ntended to accomplish a handful of 
cnvironmental goals by allowing the statc to issue approxi-
match' $~ billion worth of bonds. 

Sp'CCl lically, Proposition 40 will fi nance projects that focus 
on :l va riety of environmental goals: safeguardi ng California's 
hodies of water ag:linst pollution, protecting open space 
:lg-ainst the threat of urban sprawl, preventing further poll u-
tion to Ca liforni 'l's coast, protecting wi ldli fe habitat, restor-
illg hl'lorical and cultural resources, and repair ing and 
ul'gnding the sa fety of state and neighbor hood parks. 

In all , the proh'Tam will cost the state about $4.3 bi ll ion 
over 25 vears. State and local costs are unknown but could 
reach Illiili ons of dollars annual1y. 

\ \'c acknowledge that, if approved, this propositjon wi ll be 
a costlr ende;l\'or for Californ ia. Il owever, its environmental 
projects arc ,ocially val uable and worthy proposals on which 
to spend state money. Furthermore, Proposition 40's benefit!i 
m:1\' he experienced h)' nearly al1 Cali fornia ns. 

In addition , Proposition 40's high price tag shouldn't scare 
voters ~way, 'IS cl1\'i ronmental legislation will always bear 
hi gh costs. Preserving California's environment cannot con-
tinue to he Ignored, ~nd Proposition 40 would estab lish an 
lI11portant prccedent of action and commitment on environ-
mental cause, in Ca liforni a. 

no 141 
Proposition 41 asks for $200 mjJJ ion in bonds, which 

would be sold to assist counties in the replacement of punch-
ca rd balloting systems with either optical sca nnin g systems 
(such as those used on exa ms) or electronic touch-screen sys-
tems. 

The proposi tion would create a five-member board to 
allocate funds to counties . For every dollar that counties 
spend, the state will provide $3 in bond money. 

The Gum'dum disapproves of this proposition. If designed 
properly (e.g., no c nfusing "butter fl y" ball ots) and used 
properly (e.g., voters checki ng for hanging chads), the exist-
ing punch-card system works fin e. 

Voters need to take responsibi lity for checking their bal-
lot, . Thi, i, a better alternative to selling $200 million in 
honds that the state estimates it will pay $55 million in inter-
e ·t on, es pecially in li ght of Californi a's current fi scal woes. 

'vVhile we arc not agai nst new tec hnology being used in 
elections, we are against new spending when the state and 
counti es nuy purcha e th e newer systems with existing funds. 

,., 

, . 

:'l 
j, , , lifO 
rill -I "'''j I 

1.1 
1 I ' , ·1 " 

--

Seeking legisla tion to improve California's trans-
portation issues is both in the interest of Californians and 
politically savvy. 

However, Proposition 42 is fatally flawed in a few critical 
aspects. 

California law currently provides that revenues from 
motor vehicle fuel (gasoline and diesel fuels) be used for 
transportation purposes alone beginning in the 2003-2004 
fiscal year and continuing until 2007-2008. 

I. () 
'03 

• "I 
. \ UI 

" 
\ I 'l1 ' 

1,1 I I 'p l' ~. ~ 1I111( I) .. ~ 
.1 !I td , I fi l I J.' M J 

(J I 

1 

" , 

.. 

.. , , 

. I 

! I II< , , 

• t 
. J I t I ~, 

" , n,l 
Pat Leung/wore/ian 

part of the constitution, a simple majority would be necessary 
to real10cate tile revenues. Thjs allows the government the 
flexibility it needs to best serve Californians in unpredictable 
economic times. 

Proposition 42 would also extend the effectiveness of the 
gas tax allocation indefinitely, past the already-distant 2007 -
2008 fiscal year. This is unsound - unless the state Assembly 
has contacted some late-night television psychics. 
. Proposition 42 could be further criticized for its alloca-

T he 2000 election should have taught us that the cost of 
democracy i voting carefully and responsibly - not $255 
mjllion for new equipment. 

ROPOSI Y1I < 
Proposition 42 would 

change that requirement from 
a legislative measure to a con-
stitutional one. In other word, 
it would amend the California 
state constitution so that this 

bond measures 
PROPOSITIONS 401 41 1 42 

tion specifics. For example, 
only 20 percent of the tax 
revenues would go toward 
public transportation, and the 
only way Californians will 
ever solve the state's trans-

no ,+...,. 
So of len in eleClions, we see legislation with its heart in 

the right place, but has effects that arc either insufficient, 
misdi rected or just plai n nonsensical. Proposition 42 meets 
all of those conditions. 

Propo ition 42 aims to increa e tate spending on trans-
p rtation - a noble goal, and one undoubtedl y shared by 
Californi a voter ince we :111 hate suffering through traffic 
and love to complain about un atisfactory road conditions. 

taxation specific:! tion is a potentially permanent fixture of 
California's political landscape. 

The first problem with this is that putting tax law in the 
sta te constitution would tie the state government's hands·dur-
ing trying cconomic situations. 

If tllC legi lature should at any time decide that gas tax rev-
enues - a sum unlikely to fluctuate wildly with time, since 
the need fo r ga is relatively inelastic - would be better spent 
on otller state expenditure uch as education, health care, or 
other services California desperately needs improvements on, 
a supermajoriry would be needed to remove this from the 
constitution. 

n tile other hand, if the tax law remained law and not a 

portation woes in the long term is to increase light rail and 
bus service. Proposition 42 actually discourages investment 
in public transportation, because to decrease the amount 
that people drive would decrease tax revenues from gaso-
line. 

Let's commend legislators for recognizing the importance 
of transportation in California and acknowledging that 
improvements must be made. However, Proposition 42 is not 
the panacea we so need, and so ShOllld be rejected. 

PRIMARY ELECTION: 
Continued on page 5 

MONDAY, M ARCH 4, 2002 

CONTI N UED FROM PAGE 4 

) 

yes 
Proposition 43 corrects a blind spot in the California state 

constitution: the fact that there is no guaranteed right to have 
a person's vote counted if he is an eligible voter. 

The right to vote is the central underpinning to our 
democra tic society, and if an election were to come down to 
a situation like Florida 's in the 2000 presidential race, this 
proposition would allow counties and courts to extend post-
election deadlines for the express purpose of having all votes 
counted. 

The oppositjon contends that vote-counting is not the 
issue, but rather the influence of corporate and special inter-
est financing in politics . That argument has little to do with 
the matter. at hand, and if there is any connection, campaign 

fil~ance retorm ~an only be helped by establishing clear and 
fair prinCiples of democratic elections. 

This measure comcs at no cost to voters; the Gli0/'dia1l 
unreservedly endorses this proposition. 

PROPOSl yj0 
yes '-t ..... 
Proposition 44 amends the California Chiropracti c Act to 

make several provisions rCbr:lrdi ng chiropractic cli ni cs in lhe 
state. 

Firs l, it would outlaw the use of "runners" and "cappers" 
- people who fUllction as paid scouts fOI' chiropractic busi-
nesses, acti vely recruiting potenti al patients from ambulances 
and accident scenes. It would also mandate revoking a chiro-
practor's license for 10 years on a second conviction for cer-
tain types of insurance frau d. Fi mill y, it requires tll at the State 
Board of Chiropractic Exami ners IIlVestigal'! licensees who 
have bee n charged with crimes, llilless the district attorney 

~=. . 
T he GIIII1'l/illJl recommcnds a "yes" vote on Proposition 

44. Its provisions will provide increased protection against 
Insurance fraud , the costs of which affect llS all , and cll>ure 
that chiropractors . cannot avoid punishment when thel' are 
foulld to have committed crimes. . 

yes 45 
The Guardilill endorses Proposition 45, which is a consti-

tutional amendment that would allow termed-out officehold-
ers to remai n in ofHce for a maximu m or another four years 
- oll e four-year tt:! rm for the Senate :md two two-year terms 
for the Assembly. T he initiative woul d alter term-lim it laws 
apprnved by voters in 1990, whjch restricted A~sembly mem-
bers to tllree two-ycar terms and Senate members to twO 
four-vea r te rms. 

Specifica lly, Proposition 45 states that a candidate can run 
for the extended last term only if registered votcrs in his dis-
trict submit petitions supporting this. Such petiti ons must be 
signed by a t least 20 percent of tile registered voters who 
voted in that distric t's last gcneral election . Furthermore, the 
signatures would have to be veri fi ed anti HIed before the end 
of the legislator'S fi nal term. Proposition 45 also stipul ates 
that lhe extension is ava ilable to each clI1didate only once. 

Tmportantl y, Proposi ti on 45 wouldn't simpl y elimi na te the 
tcrmlimits tha t voters approved by initiati ve in 1990. Instead, 
It oftcrs a reasonab ly di ffi cult device through wh ich local vot-
ers ca n keep their preferred candi date in offi ce for four more 
years of service. 

The Gum'dian adm wI edges opponents' argument that 

THE UCSD GUARDI AN Orl 10 5 

.1") ..... .L 

CAlIF :ORNIA 
,PRJ-MARY ELECTION 

career politi cians must somehow be controll ed, and that term 
limits are a seemingly easy way to prevent their presence in 
Cali fo rn ia. However , we also aclmowledge th at te rm l i ll1 it~ 
can be more harmful than hel pful in distri cts where voters 
overwhelmingly prefer that a termed-out officeholder be 
allowed to remain in offi~e. Such vo ters should be provided a 
mechani sm through which they can display their will, and 
Proposition 45 does just that without gutting term limits as a 
whole. 

California voters ' suppOrt for term limits devel oped 
because of the difficulties political newcomers experienced 
when trying to run against incumbents. However, politicians 
have found ways around term limits. In recent years, they 
have turned to gerrymandering, wherein after taking office, 
they subsequently re-draw district lines to create a "new" dis-
trict so they can continue to run for election. 

In light of gerrymandering, term limits simply aren't the 
perfect system they were intended to be - yet our political 
situation prior to term limits was equally mired in problems. 
Since California's system has yet to be perfected, voters 
should be allowed some flexibility when choosing who would 
best serve as their representa tive. Proposition 45 accomplish-
es this goal by reserving term limits as a whole while offering 
voters an alternate path. 

In short, in districts where voters strongl y prefer termed-
out candidates, term limits seem to vi olate the will of the peo-
pl e, and we believe that voters should be given the abili ty to 
reta in leaders who have earned their confidence. 

Although we recognize tha t term limjts are an imperfect 
solution to career politicians, th e GlIardian suppOrtS 

Proposi ti~n 45 because it resolves these concerns regarding 
th e Will of the people wlthollt destroying term limi ts in thei r 
entirety. 

PROPOSIT~ 
no 
Proposition A seeks to make San Diego County's treasur-

er- tax collector an appoi nted position. 
. The treasurer-tax coll cctor is currently elected by county-

Wide popular vote, and is responsible for overseeing lhe 
coun ty'S $3.2 bi llion investment pool ami managing the coun-
ty's tax collection. 

Thc Gllardiall opposes this politically loaded, knee-jerk 
proposal that would drain far too much power from voters 
and gn'c it rig-ht to the five-IIl~lllhcr San Diego County Board 
of Supervisors. 

One reason the ho:ml of supcrvisors put this proposi ti on 
o n thc b:lllot is the alleged misconduct or current Treasurer-
' E1X ollector Bart [[artman. [n 1000, a co un ty Intern al 
investigation found Ha rtman guilty of sexu al I;,lras,mcnt 
Jg'ai nst one of his subordinates. Beca use Ilartman was elect-
ed by voters, th e board could not discipline or fire him. 
Despire the hoard's stern urgings, I lanman did not re,ign his 
pOSitIOn . 

Now the board of supervisors is saying it should unilater-
ally appoi nt the county's treasurer-tax coll ector because he is 
the only individual with the power to si ngle-handedly ba nk-
rupt the county, and on ly membcrs of the boa rd arc q'ua lified 
to choo e and hold accou ntable someone in such an impor-
tant posi tion . 
. H owever, the GIlfl7'diml believes it is exactly the power and 
Importance of this position tllat makes it necessary that it be 
~n electe~1 one, accountabl e to all San Diego taxpayers - not 
Just the bve-member board of supervisors. 

T here also appears to be another reason the boa rd of 
supcrvisors is so interested in passing Proposition A: It would 
gIve th e board of supervisors control of the County 
Employees Retirement System and the county's $3.7 billion 
pension fund by appoi nti ng a majori ty of tile members on the 
retirement board . 

O n top of the authority the board of supervisors alrcady 
posse ses, that's simply too muc h power for five people to 
hold. It is the treasurer- tax collector's independence from the 
boa rd of su pervisors that saf~guards us fro lll corruption and 
abu e. 

Treasurer-tax col lector is an elected p sition in 54 of 

EGG DONOR NEEDED 

California's 58 counties, and a similar measure \Va defeated 
ha ndily by San Diego voter, in I ')96. One elected ofticl'll'~ 
alleged misconduci should not suddenly result 'in vlller, relin-
quishing their right to elect people to hi, position 111 the 
future. T he Glla1'llion is opposed to ra~h alld irresponSible 
legislation, and recommends voti ng "no" on Propo,itlon A. 

PROPC))ll iB yes 
. Proposition B calls for an amendment in the San Diego 

CIty Charter t11at would aJlow the City Ethics Commission 
the right to subpoena witnesses. 

Currently, the power to subpoena wi tnesses and require 
them to tes tify about aJleged ethics vio lations by public offi-
cials under oath does not fall under the jurisdiction of the 
commission. 

The Guar dian believes tha t the proposed amendment will 
help ensure that San Diego's public officia ls act errucaJl y by 
gtVlllg the COmlTIl SS10n the power to make a thorough inves-
tigation of aJleged ethics violations and by forcing witnesses 
to testify about their knowledge of errucal violations before 
the City EtlUcs Commission. 

Public officials have a responsibility to their ci ti zens to 
make decisions that are honest, sincere and service-oriented . 
Officials must be held accountable when they violate the pub-
li c's trust. Proposition B will help guarantee this. 

pR.c)r u ,-~ L yes 
T he p;lssrl~e of Propositio:l C would require city employ-

ees to work for the City for bve yea rs to be eligihle fnr city 
retirement benefits. Currently, cit)' employees mll>t work 10 
years to qualify for such benetlts. 

The Guardul1/ supportS the pa,sagc of Propo,ioon C 
because it wiJl help the city of San Diego attract hetter 
employees. !Vlany competitive, priv,l! e-sector retlrement '1';-
tems me :l five-ye:lr \,c, ting period, ,lIld It " t!Jfticult for the 
city to compete \\'Ith such comp.mie; ~i)r the ('e't alld bn!!ht-
cst people. ,\ Iost ,tatC, fe deLll and COUlltl' puhlic reurell"ICllt 
sv~tenh al,{) t1~C fi\'c-ycar \ ·c~lJn,r . . 
. If San Diego want, to II1lP~O\'C Its .lpplle,nt po"l, 1m 

police officers, lire"~i ghters ,lnd ,cnUlr emplo) ee'. It '1111(11\ 
must keep It benefits system cOI11(1cmi\'c With tho,,, o~ other 
CIties ,md pnvate companies. I n the Illterc,t., of ;Jltr.lClIll!! ,lIld 
retaining th c best p~oplc for CI t)' johs, the (ill((rdll/ll rc~olll­
mend ,1 "ye .. vote on Propusi lion C. 

) D yes 
If p'lssed, Proposition D would allow public agencies 

other tllan the city to cono'act with the city retirement sy,[Cm 
for administration of its retirement packages, subj cct to cit)' 
councll .approval. Each participating publi c agency would he 
responSIble for all costs associated with its partici pation in the 
retirement program. 

Passage of this proposition will have minimal tisca lllnpJCt 
on tile city and wi ll allow public a"cnCle, th c choice of uSlIl g 
the city's large, safe and relatively inexpensive systelll to han'-
dIe the admini5trati ve aspects of their retirement (1;lCkJg". 
The Gllardlllll recommends ;1 "yes" vote on Propmltioll D. 

PROPOSITIONS : 
Contillued 0 11 pa~e 6 

Free: An Evening with " Jaws" Author Physician and his stay-at-home wife are looklne for an II • Buy One GetR2"~~ri:'~~2~! I Peter Benchley 
7pm, Tuesday, March 5 

Tom Ham's Lighthouse 
2150 Harbor Island Drive, San Diego 

Sponsored by Environmental Defense http://www.ourislands.org 

egg donor In San Diego area , 
We have a loving , kld·friendly home 
on several acres in horse country. 
My husband would like to find 
someone similar to me: 5'6" , 125 
Ibs., high cheek bones, slender legs. 
athletic and college educated. 
Ideal donor is at least 20 years of 
age, Caucasian, 5'4"·5'8", small· 
to-medium frame . Must be well 
grounded, healthy, possess a strong 
knowledge of fam ily health history, 
and meet t he above profi Ie as 
closely as possible. If InterHted, 

(not valid with any other offefl, specials and happy hours) I 
I It·II-;r ~ Come in and treat yourself to over 1C. "l..kt.. 50 different teas, drinks, and Quickly' snacks I .Enjoythe best from 

=-=--__ --'~.!_ the original tea people 
500cc Cup Frosh Bevenre II th f I Express Chlln Stores a e way rom Taiwan. ~~tt~f 

:::: 
.... 

Sun·Tl\Ur1 llam·lam I fr1-Sat llam-2am I't."ty 01 Potio SNtinrl 
Bring your B~"chl~y books and Pet~r will b~ availabl~ to sign them. pl .... contact Kaylln • 16755 Mira Meta Blvd. In Plaza Sorrento near BaUy's and I(fC I 619.265.4053 

ExpIrn: J/1412fX1l www.quicklytea.com (858) 202-0290 
---------



6 OPI ION THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

c At I Po Ri N , I , ~ , top 
tnat! PRIMAR.Y ,ELEcrrlON 

CONTIN yED FROM PAGE 5 , ,'. ) "' n BI:.RTRAN[l F:\N 

no 

yes 
Propositi on F. and Proposition F arc two pecial 

IlIe.blll'CS O il this \'C.lr's ballot because they affect each 
mhcr. Seldom do two laws that pass on the 'ame bal-
lot t,lke illllilcdiatc anion on each other, but such is 
thl: C.ISC with these two measures. 

Propositi on E i, a proposed amendment to the 
S.1Il Diego City Charter that would require a two-
thi rd, \'ote to levy a new general tax or increase an 
existing one. Proposition 21 passed in 1996 and 
required thn a two-thirds vote be required for any 
nell' 0 1' increased special tax, and thi s current propo-
si tion seeks to extend that law to general taxes as well. 
\ Vc fee l that this would do more harm then good, and 
therctore urge a "no" vote on Proposition E, 

\ Vhil e this proposition I113Y seem well-intended in 
It S c1a i 111 to pur the power to tax in the hands of the 
I'Olers. it could potcntially hun the city. Under 

passionate abo u t 
student issues? 

have 
leadership 
talent? 

want to make 
a difference 
at UCSD? 

Proposition 218, general taxes must be passed by a 
simple majority vote. This still puts the decision of 
whether a tax should go through in the hands of the 
people. 

1 f general taxes were suddenly to need a twO-
thirds majority to pass, then realistically, :I new tax 
would never be passed in an election, This could hurt 
the city's ability to raise funds in a time of crisis. As a 
result, the city's credit rating could suffer, which 
would affect citizens in the form of higher interest 
rates. This could cost millions in taxpayer dolbrs. 

Proposition F appears very complicated, but when 
boiled down, it states that a law that seeks to impose 
a vote requirement of more than a simple majority 
must pass by the majority it seeks. For example, since 
Proposition E seeks to make the passage of general 
taxes require a two-thirds majority, it mu t pass by a 
two-thirds Imjority itself, or not take effect. This is 
only, of course, if Proposi tion F is passed. Otherwise, 
it would onl y take a simple majority for Proposition 
E to pass. 

\lVe favor Proposition F because it is a law that 
makes sense. If somebody wants to change something 
to impose a voter requirement of more than a simple 
majority, then it should have to live up to those stan-
dards itself. 

The so-called supe rmajority has the potential to 
lock the government into dangerous ruts . For exam-

CANDIDATE FACES: 
Contilllled on page 7 

Sundays are really the ass end of the 
weekend, 

The appeal of Fridays is that 
you're starting the wonderful 
attempt to erase all that you can 
remember abour the last four days 
in a little less than three. 

Saturday is the peak, the apex. 
It's probably the best part of the 
whole experience, unless you 
worked too hard on the erasing 
procedure Friday night. 

But Sundays are almost shot 
from the start. What is there to 
look forward to? Now everything is 
about planning, about trying to 
enjoy the remaining sliver of the 
weekend while trying to get back 
into the "work" state of mind. At 
least that is what my friends tell me. 

I, on the other hand, haven't 
been in the "work" state of mind all 
quarter. I don't go to class and I 
don't go to discussion section. 
Wednesdays seem like Saturdays, 
Sundays are identical to Thursdays. 
My schedule of sleeping and eating 
is occasionally interrupted by me 
stumbling on a class Web page, 
mumbling, "What's this midterm 

bullshit~ Where the hell is 

President -chief executive officer of ASUCSD, 
official undergraduate body representative, power 

to veto A.S. council items. 
Vice Presldam Intemal - acts as A.S . President in 

their absence, appoints campus-wide committee 
representatives, oversees all internal affairs, pursues 

campus-wide student issues. 
VlCI Presldenl Eldamll - lobbies student issues on state-wide 

and national levels, coordinates campus-wide voter registration 
campaign , UCSD representative to UCSA (University of California 

Student Association) and USSA (United States Student Association) . 
Vice President nnance - advises President and A.S . Council on all 

budgetary matters, oversees enforcement of A.S . policies and procedures 
concerning expenditures of the activity fee filling packets are 

available at the 
A.S. Secretary's 
office on the 
3rd floor 

Commissioner of Student Advocacv - informs, advises, and represents 
students in conflict with the University, serves as A.S. Council liaison to the the office 

of Student Policies and Judicial Affairs. 

of Price 
Center 

Commissioner of CommunlcaUons -oversees all student media, monitors the media 
budget and allocation of media funding. 

PrOgrammer - plans all campus events (concerts, comedians, speakers) and oversees 
coordination of music feslivals - Fall Fest, Winterfest, Sun God, researches available talent for 

possible campus performances, acts as student liaison between A.S. and the music industry. 
Commissioner of Academic Altaln - informs/represents the A.S. Council on academic policies, 

provides periodic polls and surveys to assess students' concerns. 
Commlsslonar of.thlatlcs - Represents the A.S. Council on matters of Intercollegiate Athlet ics by regularly 

attending Triton Athletes Council meetings and serving on the executive council of Triton Tide. Works with 
appropriate representatives from Intercollegiate Athletics to pursue increased attendance at NCAA athletic events. 

Responsible for increasing athletic awareness on campus and support for the needs of NCAA athletes. 
Commissioner of Dlversltv AIIIlrs - Represents the A.S. Council on matters of diversity. outreach. recruitment and 

retention policy. Provides periodic polls and information surveys to assess student concerns. Coordi[lates and oveJ:Sees the 
A.S.Outreach Program and LG BT All ies Program. 

Commlsslouer of Student Services and btel'lrlses -oversees operation of A.S . Services and Enterprises (A.S. 
Soft Reserves, A.S . Lecture Notes, Grove Caffe, SRTV, KSDT, US Grants, A.S . Volunteer Connection, A.S . Internship 

OHice, Academic Success Program, A.S. Womens' Commission), acts as A.S . representative to Co-op Oversight 
Committee. 
Collale Sanatlrs - a Sophomore, Junior, and Senior from each college represents their respective college and 
class interests 

~5tudentlink 
-18 -12 

for more information call 534 4451 
or e-mail asucsd@ucsd.ec:Iu 

Associated Students 

MONDAY, MARCH 4, 2002 

Mandeville Auditori llm~" 
Last Sunday, howeve~, my girl-

friend was bugging me' to actually 
do something. 

The on ly appeal to me about 
Sundays is the sleeping-in part. 
Otherwise, it's got nothing going 
for it; doubly so for religious peo-
ple. Repenting with a hangover -
now that's a hitch . 

And now my girlfriend wanted 
to take the sleeping-in part away 
from me . After about an hour of 
debate, we decided to go to the 
beach. But it's cold - it's fake sum-
mertime - so we decided to go to 
Black's Beach. The logic: Because 
the sand is black, it's warmer. 

Next thing you know, I'm care-
fully walking down the rocks bal-
ancing aJambaJuice. 

The first thing you have to 
decide when you're at a beach is 
where to set up shop. This is usual-
ly a no-brainer: Find attractive 
girls; place towel. 

I was about to pose this idea to 
my girlfriend, when 1 noticed the 
pl an was in trouble. There were no 
attractive girls. Instead, there were 
old, naked men walking around . 
Suddenly, the plan changed to : 
Find area with smallest amount of 
old, naked men; place towel. 

We chose a spot about halfWay 
between the ocean and old, naked 
men playing horseshoes. To my left: 
Old, naked man si tting in a chair. To 
my right: Old, naked man with his 
legs spread on a towel. Behind me: 
Old, naked horseshoe game. 

1 followed the basics of urinal 
etiquette - don't move your eyes ; 
always look straight ahead. This 
would have worked , and I would 
have had a nice, pi cturesquc post-
card scene, had oid, IInkrd 111m not 
felt thc need to wal k as close to lIle 
as possi hIe. 

It was around this time we dl:cid-
ed · that a walk was in order. About 
halfway to the end of the beach, Illy 
girlfriend said she had to pee. 

"I'll JUSt go pee in the ocean," 
she said. I started to give a lecrurL' 
on the evolution of l1Ian, howeven-
tually toile ts and toilet paper were 
invented, and how we no longer 
need to pee in the ocean, based par-
tially on a high school biolob,,}, 
course I failed . 

"Everybody pees in the ocean," 
she repltecL 

"I clon't know a singl e person 
that doc, present company exclud-
ed," I said . "Acruall y, JUSt you." 

Then she started to list the names 
of people, who I could have sworn 
were not ocean pee-ers, and whom 1 
believe she made up on the spot as 
"fake statistics." This i the oldest 
trick in the book for ar/,'Ull1cnlS - 1 
Jo it myself on a regular basis. 

At my request to call onc of 
these people, she replied, "] can't 
believe Y1lu 're making such a big 
dea l out of this ." And then she went 
into the ocean until she was about 
waist-dcep, presumably peed, and 
then walked back to me. 

Al thi s point, [ swore prohlscly 
and refused to hold her hand, much 
less touch any part of her urine-
tainted body. he brought up sever-
~ I unc?t1I-incing ar~ulllenrs, sllch as 
Pee IS such a lrunllscule mnount 

com pared to the ocea n that it 
spreads out immediately after YOll 
pee," and "The water carries it 
away." 

We started to walk back. The 
more I thought about it, the more 
indignant I became. 

What about the innocent boy 
who goes for a swim immediately 
after some sick oceangoer's peeing 
frenzy? 

What did Miss Wizard have to 
say to these valid and disnlrbing 
points? "Pee is steri le," 

How the hell is "pee is sterile" a 
response to "There are times when 
I accidentally swallowed ocean 
water?" Thats like replying, "I like 
monkeys" when asked "What time 
is it?" 

The conversation more r less 
ended with her saying, "You don't 
think birds pee? Birds pee in the 
ocean all the time ." I replied, 
"Birds aren't civilized l" 

I hate Sundays. 

MONDAY, MARCH 4, 2002 

, , 

CONTIN y ED FROM PAGE' 6 ..... . l. ... J ~ 

pIe, if just uver a simple majority of voters voted for a super-
majority bill, then that would leave more than 45 percenr of 
voters who disagree with it. If the supermajority required a 
two-thirds vote to pass a tax law, such as Proposition E, and 
there was a small portion of th e population against raising 
taxes, such as 35 percent, then that 35 percent would have the 
power to Stop the tax increase every time it came on the bal-
lot. It would make the people who constitute 35 percent more 
powerful than 65 percent of the people who want higher 
taxes, which goes against the basic democratic principle of 
majority rule. 

In short, Proposition E would put this city in a dangerous 
economic rut, while Proposition F is a good check of power 
that should be in place. 

PROPOSIT 
no 
San Diegans seem to be neatly divided over Proposition 

G. 
Some say drinking on the city's beaches leads to rampant 

cri me and dangerous streets in coastal communities, and ban-
ning such alcohol con umption would reclaim the beaches for 
families. 

Others counter that the crimes are com mined by an 
extreme minority of beach-goers and alcohol-drinkers, and 
law-:tbiding citi zens shouldn't lose their right to enjoy a six-
pack during a sunny day barbeuque. 

The battle over the beach alcohol ban would seem, then, 
to be a contention over the right of citizens to enjoy a crime-
free fami ly outing and the right of adults to have a calming 
drink and watch the sunset. 

Both sides, however, fail to see the true flaws behind the 
"logic" Proposition G is based on.The facts in this debate 
have been obscured or ignored by nearly everyone. 

First of all, many who favor the proposition, which would 
ban alcohol 24 hours a day on Mission Beach and most of 
Pacific Beach for the next 10 months, are unaware that alco-
hol is Illnnd] banned on those beaches between 8 p.l11. and 
noon. 

Thus, it is already illegal (though often practiced) to throw 
raucous midnight bonfires in these areas. If this is still occur-
ri ng - to the understandable dismay of beach residents - it 
is on ly because of the insufficient enforcement of existing 
laws or because the drinkers themselves may be unaware that 
they are breaking the law. 

Also, many supporters of the ban argue that because alco-
hol-reIned crimes such as public urination, drunken driving 
3nd underage drinking are so high in Pacific Beach and 
Mission Beach, prohibiting beach drinking will dramatically 
decrease these blights. They often point to the success of 
ba nning alcohol at La Jolla Shores, which brought crime to 
all-time 101Vs. 

Need it be pointed out that La Jolla is hardly Pacific 
Beach? The 92109 zi p code has the highest concentration of 
liquor licenses of any community in San Diego County. 

Any alcohol-related crimI:! that was occurring in the 92037 
zip code - that of La Jolla Shores and dowrrtown LaJolla -
lVas almost undoubtedly happening because of drinking on 
the beach. On the other hand, it is impossible', based on the 
currently popularized data, to ascertain how many of those 
often-cited crimes in Pacific Beach are due to beach drin.lcing 
and how many are due to people having one too many at any 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN OPI 10 7 

, I C A ,L I FHO R N I A 
.......... u_.'lo ... u~"PRlMARY ~LECTION 

of the otller dozens of restaurants and bars throughout the 
neighborhood . 

But let's give the supporters the benefit of the doubt. 
Let's assume that u high proportion of the alcohol-related 
crime in PB and Mission Beach is indeed taking place on 
the beach . The question then is : When do these crimes 
happen? 

It is doubtful that the high rates of drunken driving, pub-
lic urination and underage drinking are occuring between the 
hours of noon and 8 p.m. When was the last time you got 
smashed in the afternoon and made a public nuisance of 
yourself? 

Therefore, even if alcohol-related crimes are happening 
because of drinking 011 the beach (which is unproven), in all 
likelihood, the causative drinking is already illegal. 

Finally, a few words on underage drinking: These kids are 
already breaking the law. They know that they will get fined 
if they are caught boozing it up at age 17. Is one more law 
really going to stop them~ 

In short, the issue of alcohol-related crime on or near the 
beach is not one that can be solved by prohibiting drinking 
for eight daylight hours . While it is expensive, the only sure-
fire option is to increase police presence on the beaches in 
question between the hours of8 p,m. and n0011 to enforce the 
laws already in place. 

Vote no on Proposition G, drive to Mission Boulevard and 
Garnet Avenue and (if you're 21) lift a glass to the failure of 
faulty logic. It will be a rare victory. 

GOVERNOR 
CANDIDATE 
PROFILES 
BILLJONES 

Bill Jones currently serves as California secretary of state after 
having served as a state assemblyman for Fresno, Calif. As secre-
tary, his No. I goal has been achieving higher voter turnout and 
lowering levels of voter fraud. An author of Califurrua's "three 
strikes" law, Jones has held various important positions within 
the Republican Party, serving as Assembly Republican leader 
and Assembly GOP leader. He is considered well-versed in areas 
of water, trade, agticulrure and public safety. 

RICHARD RIORDAN 
Only two months ago, fo rmer Los Angeles Mayor Richard 

Riordan was the prohibitive favorite to win the GOP nomi-
nation and battle Democratic incumbent Gov. Gray Davis for 
California governor. Favored early on by the Bush adminis-
tration and attacked unusually early with $10 million in Davis 
campaign television ads, the moderate Ri ordan finds himself 
trailing political neophyte and former friend Bill Simon in 
the I a test polls. 

Riordan is the sweetheart of the "new Republicans," who are 
pllshing for a more inclusive makeover of the GOP's image. 
Riordan professes to be pro-choice, despite being ravaged by 
Davis-sponsored television ads quoting Riordan in a 1992 radio 
interview as saying he thought abortion was murder. Riordan 
has shown himself to be a tight spender; he passed eight con-
secutive balanced budgets as L.A. mayor without raising taxes. 

What looks to be Ri ordan's No. I weakness is his centrist 
image, With Simon having successfully grabbed the title of 
the "real conservative," Riordan looks to ha~'\'! lost the favor 
of trad itional Republicans, who have proven themselves to be 
the mo t consistent voters. 

BILL SIMON 
Proud winner of the coveted "real Republican" tide, suc-

cessful businessman Bill Simon, Jr. looks strong coming into 
California's gubernatorial primary. According to the most 
recent polls, Simon has a small lead over former Los Angeles 
Mayor Richard Riordan - this after trailing Riordan on Jan. 
22 by a whopping 17 percent. 

Simon seems to have won the favor of traditional 
Republicans who tire of Riordan 's attempts to appeal to inde-
pendents and centrists. 

Simon lists his No. I priority as restoring fiscal responsibil-
ity to Sacramento. His plans include eliminating the state 's soar-
ing deficit by slashing its operating budget by IS percent and 
cutting capital gains taxes at the same time to stimulate growth. 

Simon favors extending local control to schools and 
decreasing state government regulations, impressing small-
government supporters sta tewide. Simon opposes legal ized 
abortion. 

NON-REPUBLICAN 
Gray Davis has received the state Democratic P3rry's 

nomination for governor, a position he currently holds. 1 li s 
platform includes improving public education, health insur-
ance for children and gun control, 

Anselmo A. Chavez advocates reassessing Proposition I J 
for commercial and industrial property. The increased fund s 
would be used to pay for additional health care funding for 
the poor and elderly, as well as Cal Grants for srudents. 

Charles Pmeda, J r. is running on a platform that advoca tes 
public ownership of energy companies. According to his es ti -
mates, the state 's energy bills could be reduced by 20 to 50 
percent. 

Mosemarie Boyd is campaigning on a bipartisan anti re r -
rorism and economic platform. Security and econot11lC issues 
would be addressed by cutting the budget of all state pro-
grams by 10 percent. 

Peter Miguel Carmejo of the Green Party and Gary 
Copeland of the Libertarian Party are running unopposed 
within their parties. 

MEMBERS OF ,'t{ 
~'Til 

E UCSD GUARDIA N 
TORIAL BOARD : 

Alison Norris, Editor in Chief 
Jeffrey White, Editor in Chief 

Divya Runchal, Opinion Editor 
Jennifer Sposito, Opinion Editor 

Josh Crouse, News Editor 
Geoff Dietrich, News Editor 

Claire J. Vannette, Features Editor 
Ed Wu, Design Editor 

Downtown La Jolla Uptown/Hillcrest 
• Amr's Caft ' lJ Publ i< librarr • The Living koom • 

~r>rins ~re()~ 
f3arf~ ~1!t8! 

• HoUlt of Natural Foods e 'Lalo's Ta<os .-
Baltimore h,li· Bern ini 's • hmbay hprm 

• Pmikin· 7·II(la Jolla Blvd.) • um "Id Clnter 

• hlamentt's ' Zanzibar ·Cafl Crema 
• Quia Comer • Dracon HOUle e · PINm 
Mission Beach 
• "illion Beach Tan . ~ 
• "illion Beach Ilundry .. 
• "iuion Collet Houst 

North 
County 
• Pizu Port 
• Belir Up • Jock's 
• Flower Hilliookstore 

(DII "ar) 
• Del "ar Hilhlandl 

Town Center 

(leaves from campus) 
Lake Havasu - 3 nights (near MTV location) 
Palm Springs - 1 night (Biggest pool in town) 
Sedona - (Slide Rock Splash Party) 
Don't miss the 2002 Spring Break Bashl 
Margaritas served on bus (21 and over) 
Our Party Bus features a bar, game tables, Karaoke and a 
great Dj'd Sound System. Bring your own CD mixes! 
Special UCSD price: Only $499 DD (limited space!) 
Call Outdoor Adventures @ 760·285·1608 



8 NEW THE UCSO GUARDIAN MONDAY, MARCH 4, 200Z 

fMll1f@ iftJ;u 
Fortner Israeli negotiator 
speaks on Mideast peace 
Vilan worked with 
former PM Barak 
at Camp David 

Londan ... ....... $332 
Paris ............ $328 BUDGET HOTELS 
Frankfurt ..... $406 
Brussels ........ $406 
Rio de Janeiro ... $738 
San Jose C.R .... $566 

for IS little as 

UI! 
~ .., 

By DANIEL WArn 
Staff Writer 

Israeli Parliament member 
Avshalom Vilan discussed the 
"Prospects for Peace" between 
Israelis and Palestinians in the final 
installment of a weeklong Israel 
lecture series sponsored by the San 
Diego Israel Public Affairs 
Committee. 

Vilan is a member of the left-of-
cemer Mcretz party in the Knesset, 
or Israeli Parliament. 

His close relationship wi th for-
mer Prime Minister Ehud Barak 
made him a prominent figure in the 
peace process and a key negotiator 
with the Palesti nians. 

"It's fantasti c to have someone 
who was at Camp David - a first-
hand au thority who negotiated 
with the Palestinians," said 
attendee Nimrod Pitsker. 

When Israel was created, "the 
first and most important aim was to 
create a Jewish state, to create a 
Jewish majority and to create a real 
democracy," Vilan said. 

But now, because of the higher 
average birthrate of Palesti nians 
compared to Jews, Palestinian arc 
expected to become the majority 
ethnic group by 20 I I. 

"We must find a solution now," 
Vilan said. 

He maintai ned that there is no 
nulitary solution to the connict. 

"Even right-wing parties know 
today there is no way to continue 
controlling 3.5 million 
Palestinians," he said. "But the 
problem is all proposals put on the 
table arc rejected." 

Vilan mentioned a suggestion 
by former President Clinton to 
rai se the standard of Ii'~ng for 
Palestinians, which has fallen under 
the curren t inti fada, which is 
Palestinian resistance against Israeli 
occupation. 

Clinton's proposal was to estab-
lish a foundation with $2 billion 
donated yearly by the wea lthy 
nations of the world. 'me fOUJ1(b-
tion would pay for new houses for 
refugees along the \¥est Bank and 
Gaza Strip. 

Since the latest intifada, annual 
per ca pita income in the 
Pal estinian Authori ty has fallen 

lyon lie:w/Guordion 

Peace of mind: Israeli member of parliament Avshalom Vilan discusses the 
'Prospects of Peace" in the Middle East Thursday, Feb. 28, at Center Hall. 
from $2,200 to around $1,000, 
according to Vila n. During the 
same period , the unemployment 
rate has risen from 10 percent to 
over 50 percen t. 

"[The Palestinians] are payi ng, 
in standard of living, a very heavy 

' Even right-wing 
parties know today 
there is no way to 

continue controlling 
3.5 million 

Palestinians. But 
the problem, is all 
proposals put on 

the table are 
rejected.' 

-Avshalom Vllan 
Member of Israel Parliament 

price," Vilan said. 
More than 250 Israelis and over 

1,000 Palestinians have been killed 
si nce the beginning of the new 
intifada, he said. 

An audience member asked if 
the Palestinian attacks were not 
entirely unprovoked . 

I t was a mistake for Ariel Sharon 
to visit the Temple Mount, Vilan 

adnlitted. 
"It's true [Israelis] made many 

nustakes and many provocations, 
bur r don't think by using terror 
against citizens YOll ca n achieve 
something," he sa id . 

"[Israelis and Americans] foc lls 
so much on Palestinian terror, 
when they have the overwhelming 
power to effect change in that 
regio n," said audience member 
Byron Didat. "[VilanJ is a typical 
politician, whether American, 
Israeli or Palesti luan ." 

Audience members also asked 
questions. 

"At what point is Israel willing 
to evacuate settlements unilateral-
ly?" Pitsker said . 

Israel is unlikely to withdraw 
unilaterally, Vilan said, because it 
would be take n as a sign of weak-
ness. When Israel unilaterally with-
drew from Lebanon, it seemed as if 
600 Lebanese fi ghters had succeed-
ed against the Israeli army, Vilan 
said. 

"I don 't see us evacuating over 
100 settlements without an agree-
ment [with the Palestinians]," Vilan 
said. 

Sandipac member Shira Landau 
described an ea rl ier conversation 
with a Muslim on campus. 

"She said, 'my people will die 
and continue to die until the 
Pa lestinian people are liberated,'" 

See TALK. Page 9 

~~ VN'iW ucsaguarclan O(g ON LI N E The alloal student newspaper of the Unlwrslty of Callfomra. San DIego 
March 4,2002 VOLUME 104. ISSUE 16 Archives ~ Staff F.::edback 

--------~-- ~-- -~~ ~ ----- --- - -- -~ --~ -- - - - ---

news opinion features hiatus sports classifieds 

Advertising Suggestion B x 
While your clickin' around our web site, feel free t~~ drop into our 

advertising suggestion box and tell us a thint, or two. ~ 
www.ucsdguardian.org 

MONDAY, MARCH 4, Z002 THE UCSO GUARDIAN 

Colin Young-Wolff/Guardian 
Rock on: Danny Garland plays the keyboard with the Open Mic Band during the Absolute Logic open mic 
performance March 1 in the Price Center. 

Talk: 
Audience sees 
prospects for peace 
Continued from page 8 
Landau said. 

"In San Diego, it's very easy to 
be an extremist," Vilan said. kIn 
Palestine, Humas and Jihad are 
minorit ies - the majority is 

Palestine Liberation 
Orga nization. " 

T he PLO is an umbrella coali-
tion of several Palestinian nation-
alis t groups. 

"O ne of the good poi nts 
[Vilan] made was the only thing 
you can do is to have hope for the 
future," Landau said. "He recog-
nizes that there's extrenlists, but 
the majority of Palestinians want 
peace. " 

The Christian Scholars Program 
Presents 

T he lecture concluded a week 
of Israel-related lectures and film 
screenings. 

"I was really impressed with 
what happened this week." Landau 
said. "We wanted to present a dif-
ferent side of Israel that we don't 
see on the Fox News bites that las t 
for two seconds. It was a wonderful 
example of what can be accom-
plished when we listen to each 
other and be receptive." 

"Save the Children 
at the Corporate Breast" 

Lecturers: 

Marshall: 
Referendum passed by 
a wide margin 
Continued from page 1 
Sophomore Senator and poll work-
er Sierra Catcon. 

Tunick said tha t before the ref-
erendum takes effect, the 
Marshall College Council ha ' to 
cenify the e1ecti un results. Vice 
Chancellor of Student Affairs 
J oseph \Va tso n then has to 
approve the refer endum before 
forwardin g it to the chancell nr, 
who has to forward it to the UC 
Board of Regents. The regents 
could approve it at th ei r next 
meeting. 

Although Marshall Coll ege 
Council set aside $75 for both sup-
porters and opponents of the refer-
endum to use for publicity, there 
was "very littl e" active campaign-
ing, Kelly said. 

"There was more of a negative 
reacti on from [voters] who didn 't 
know tOO much about [the referen-
dum]," sa id Marshall Publicity 
Director Doriana Bail ey. 
"Generally, [reactions] were pretty 
positive. " 

Marshall's $2 referendum 
passed by a 3- 1 margi n, compared 
to a 2- 1 margin on Mui r's $5 refer-
endum, and a 202-2 10 vote ta lly on 
Roosevelt's failed $5 referendum. 

ISO: 
Some believe war only 
worsens the situation 
Continued from page 2 
- that money goes straight to 
other wars. And then ending sanc-

NEWS 9 

Revelle is considenng a $2 referen-
dum, while \Varrcn i~ nor conSider-
ing any referendum, .Icconilng [(I 
the counci ls of the respcnivc C<ll -
leges. 

Kelly said that becau,e of the 
Marshall refercndum, ,\Ltr~hall 
College Council has 'Ollle Ide,l~ for 
vcry large eve11l;, but lhat "wc 
don't want to get hope, up." 

The ,\ larshall College CIllIllt'l1 
is currenti}' "figUring out ;\ method 
for entertai ning proposal, for ne\\ 
organizations," Kell)' ,aid. 

lie SJid the council h." not 
recruited murc organ" 'ltlllll' III lhe 

pa~t years hcca",e fUllding ,I new 
organi7.ation wOllld h,l\c I;l kt:n 
money away from current ,\ tar,hall 
organiz.ations. 

Some Alarshall ,tudcnrs ,al<I 
tlley don't mind tile addi tional fcc> 
in light of bow much they alre.ld), 
pay for tuition. 

"$2 out of the thousands t1ut 
we're already charged - lhat" not 
too much of an increase," ,aid 
Marshall freshman p" Vue. 

Marshall freshman Wendy Lam 
sa id that she didn't have t(me to 
vote. 

"It would probably be all right If 
they JUSt gave the bailors in the 
mail," Lam said. 

"Another college had $40,000 
and we only had a $21 ,000 budget," 
Nguyen said . "I wouldn 't mind 
paying that fee if they put more 
money toward student activities." 

tions on Iraq - our economic 
blockade has helped causc the 
deaths of more than a million peo-
ple." 

Akers added, "The country 
needs to end the conditions that 
create anger and suffering. We are 
feedi ng more conflict. It on ly 
makes things worse." 

Dr. M. Therese Lysaught, Universi ty of Dayton 
Dr. Amy Laura Hall, Duke University 

An examination of how child ren in North 
America have become situated within the 

medical-industrial complex. 

Summer Session Schedule of Classes 
is availab le at t he bookstore and EDNA. 

Specifically: 
Or. Lysaught w ill address the ways in which appeals to 
sick and dying children are used to quell opposition to 

new technologies. 

Or. Hall will examine the ways in which parents have 
become increas ingly dependent on technology for the 

regulation of children - especia lly tracing the link between 
the introduction of infan t formula and Ritalin. 

March 7,2002 
7:00 pm 

University Lutheran Church 
9595 La Jolla Shores Drive, La Jolla CA 

(Located at Nqrth Torrey Pines Road and 
La Jolla Shores Drive, across from Revelle College) 

The Lutheran Communih) at UCSD ill eonj!lNction with Tile 
Pew Charitable Trusts is providing this free lectllre. The Lutheran 
Comlllllnih; provides the venue for this lecture with hopes to 
provide dialogue on this important topic bllt withollt 

endorsement ofleeture contents. 

Pick up your FREE copy today! 

Three convenient 
iessions ctvctiLctbLe: 
First Session: 
July 1 - August 3 
(5 weeks) 
Second Session : 
August 5 - September 7 
(5 weeks) 
Speci a l Session : 
July 1 - September 7 
(non- 5 weeks) 

Howto Contcu~t Us ... 
Phone: 858.534.4364 

Email: summer@ucsd.edu 
Web: ucsd.edu/s ummer 

Campus Location : Build ing A. UCSD Extension Complex 
Office Hours: Monday - Friday 8 a.m. - 4:30 p.m. 

Read the Guardian Mondays and Thursdays. Read the Guardian in class and on the shuttle 



[0 THE UC D GUARDIAN MONDAY, MARCH 4, 2002 

MONDAY, MAR H 4, 2002 

the editor's 
soapbox 
Keep 
dreams 
alive 
Youthful idealism should 
prevail in the face of 
'real world' corruption 
By ISAAC PEARLMAN 
Sports Editor 

The typical college studenr has plenty to worry 
about: classes, jobs, graduate schools, roolllmatcs , 
majors, relationships, their rcspective places in our 
rigid ;ocial, economic and political sphere; - not to 
mention the need [0 discover their identity and hoI\' 
to contribute to the world and human race. The list 
could extend for days, whi ch is yet another worn' 
hec>l u;c worrying al)ollt so many' thing; cannot be 

~0Q(1 for vou. 
- College I; a far cry frolll high school, when a pulse 
and a relative cognizance of what's socially acceptable 
stecred you through th e superficial seas of adoles-
cence. It was a time when the biggest worries were 
whcther somcone liked you and what lie you could 
feed to your parents so they would all w you to go to 
a party and get fabulously drunl:. 

But now, faced wi th the greate t freedom and most 
opporl1.llli ty we'll ever have, students have to worry 
about how they want to indelibly stamp their mark 
upon the world. 

Don't we all want some son of means of recogni-
tion from society' Don't we W3nt a sign frolll the 
world that our existence has meaning, a hope that 
beforc the brief light of our lives flickers out in the 
vast darkness of time and space, a knowledge that 
someone will have seen our flame and appreciated its 
warmth' 

A good deal of UCSD, it seems, wishes to pursue 
this goal of appreciation by society through medicine 
- through curing the world of its broken legs, fevers, 
append icitis and fai ling organs. 

Others envelop themselves in political science, 
hoping their place in society will be one of political 
power and influence, since our society somewhat 
respect~ those with enough power to moid it. 

Sti ll others seek to disti nguish themselves with 
money, and they pursue management science and 
economics with eyes open to the revel'cnce and 
respect that our capitalistic cldl1.1re gives to little 
green pieces of paper. 

Some seek to oe scientists, cngineers or 
researchers - all with the subli me hope of achieving 
eternal recognition and remembrance, as surely every 
educated youth confident in hi s or her own immortal-
ity has felt at one point or another. 

Yet part of this worry by my peers, my friends and 
classmates, and of course, by myself is monumental 
doubt in Olll" ability to achieve this immortality. 

As the youthful innocence fades and begins to be 
replaced by worries of money and debt, as well as sim-
ply being able to survive in the "real" world, these 
ambitions and dreams arc replaced by overwhelming, 
mundane concerns. In the wild erness of the real 
world, doctors take bribes from pharmaceutical com-
panies, politicians embezzle, and businesses cheat and 
exploit whoever they can, as long as it means greater 
profits. 

Somewhere in the space between impetuous 
youthful resolve and pragmatic sci f-serving disregard 
for others, the dreams fade. The idealism becomes 
subjugated to sel fish concerns and the vision is lost. 

As college rockets us toward the rea l world and the 
time when we must choose between grasping our 
dreams and ambiti ons tighter or relea ing them and 
fa lling under the sway of the Am erican Cli ll1.1raI "me 
first" id eology, I urge everyone to not become so 
involved in their concerns and not to ignore the out-
side world. 

There is sti ll plenty to be done in this great worl d 
of ours. There is a world environm ent slowly collaps-
ing under the massive weight of its uncaring in habi-
tants, there are whole countri es starvi ng to death, and 
there arc million shivering on the streets - all 
unseen or avoided by a worId population too con-
cerned with the imagined imp rtance of minuscule 
individual superficial needs. • 

I sincerely implore all the readers out there who 
dcspair durmg those quiet moments of introspection, 

See SOAPBOX. Page 15 

ures 
THE UCSD GUARDIAN FEATURE II 

Students in charge: an A.S. primer 
By Margaret O'Neill , Senior Staff Writer 

Sam Scofous/Guordlon 

call to order: Wednesday's AS Council meettng gets underway, with members of the MUIr Musical In the audience. 

_ here are a lot of decisions to be 
• made at a university like UCSD. 

Much authority li es in th'e hands of the 
A.S . Council members, who are either 
elected by the sl1.1dents - 20 percent of 
undergraduates in the last election - or 
appointed to their positions. They have 
discretion over some $21 per quarter of 
every sl1.1dent's fees, amounting to over 
$1 million every year. They are ca lled on 
to weigh in on varyi ng and crucial issues. 

Through it all, those involved will 
say the aim of all this is to bcst represent 
[he interests of the students. 

But naturally, things can be prickly. 
Resou rces must be competed for. 
Priorities must be set. People can get 
angry. 

"I enjoy the diversity of thought and 
opinions people bring to the Associated 
Sl1.lclcnts Council," said A.S. President 
Jeff Dodge. "[But] as elections draw 
near, peopie tend to get political. I don 't 
like seeing council members disagree on 
things because of whatever politi cal 
agendas they may have for the fUl1.1re ." 

However, Dodge said, "Every mem-
ber of council works to cooperativel y 
complete our goals." 

These council members sit through 
hours of meetings each week. pJo ng 
,vith regular counci l meetings, most of 
these students are involved with admin -
istrative committees, such a the 
Housing and Dining Advisory 
Committee or the Chancellor 's 
Commirtee on the Status of Women. 
Some of them are resident advisers, 
many are membcrs of the Creek system, 
and all are involved around campus. 
Every singlc one of them is a sl1.ldent. 

'I'IIE LE8ISLA'I"IR PROCESS 
ormaJly, the gavel is struck at 6:30 

p.m . every Wednesday to start the A.S. 
Council's weekly meeting. These offi-
cial meetings, held in the Price Center 
Ballroom A, are open to the public, and 
public participation is cncouraged. 

Legislation can be submitted by 
mcmbers of council, including ex-offi-
cio members uch as the college coun-

cil chairs. Members of the coullcil can 
submit legislation on behalf of thei r 
constituents, as well . 

Legislation such as recollunendatJons, 
referendums, constil1.ltional changes, 
appointJllenrs and resolutions are dis-
cussed in Senate meetings so the senators 
- the only members who may vote -
can learn about the back!,'Tounds and dif-
ferent sides of an issue. These items then 
move to the internal commirtec, made up 
of senators, which decides what recom-
mendation should be made to council. 

\Vhen the items hit the table in 
council, the council ei ther decides to go 
with the internal committee's recolll-
mendation or to talk about the item and 
make another decision. Once the coun -
ci � votes, the rest is history. 

Financial al locations, ~ch as requests 
for conference travel funding or event 
nmding, go through the finance commit-
tce. The process is the same as it IS 111 the 
[mernal committee. 

s~~ 1.5 .. Page r., 

Webcam tutoring program reaches out 
Golnpers students get math and science help from UCSD students 
By SARAH HASSAINE 
Staff Writer 

"It's like riding a bucking 
bronco: There is nevcr a dull 
Illoment!" 

Assistant Vice Chancellor 
of Sl1.1dent Educational 
Advancement Loren C. 
Thompson wasn't talking 
about the latest UCSD bas-
ketba ll game against rival UC 
Davis . She was referring to 
UCSD's newest form of out-
reach into the communi ty: 
online tutoring. 

Thompson introduced this 
new operation, call ed Student 
Education Advancement, and 
is pleased that UCSD is one 
of the first universities to par-
take in this kind of high-tech 
retenti on. 

Michael C. Dabney, the 
director of media and public 
relations for S.E.A., said 
th ere arc about 30 UCSD 
sl1.1dents who actively tutor 
seventh through ninth 
grader at Compers 
Secondary School in Chollas 
View. Their job is to assist 
studen ts in math and sciencc, 

Chris Padfield/Guardian 
Wired: One of the Student Educational Advancement office's tutors assists a Gompers student In math 
and their methods are innov-
a tive. 

On the first floor in 
Student Center B is a quiet 
computer lab where many 
new gray, nat-screened CO Ill-
puter are set up. Each comes 
with a webcam and a black 
head ct that includes a micro-
phone and earphones . 
Micr oft NetMecting and a 
digi tal drawi ng pad allow a 

student 20 miles away to write 
an equation while a l1.1tor on 
campus watches it appear on 
the creen at the same time. 

S.E.A.'s goal is to reach out 
to underrepresented and low-
income students. 

"We want th.is major out-
rcach to expose them to not 
only UC 0 , but the pro pcet 
of college in general," Dabney 
said . 

Compers, the pilot 
school involved in the pro-
gram, was selected because 
its students ' need for such 
tutori ng was acute, accord -
ing to Dabney. Grants frol11 
the U . . Department of 
Education and the Vernon 
Foundation, as well as the 
volunteered tllllC of co mplIt -

ee TUTORING. Page 13 



12 FEATURE 

Anna MacMurdo/GuordiDn 

Official duties: Revelle Freshman Senator Joachim Lyon and Revelle College 
Council Chair Mark Stickel whoop it up at Friday's basketball game against UC Davis. 

A.S.: 
Dodge says being A.S. 
pres IS 'the coolest thing' 
Continued from page 11 

THE SENATE 
The Senate, the voting body of 

lhe A.S. Counci l, is made of repre-
sentatives from each level at each 
college. These are the members 
who acrually get to make the deci-
sions with their votes of "yea" or 
"nay" - or, equally important, 
their abstentions. 

The majority of these senators 
are political science majors, bur 
there are a few biology aRd other 
majors thrown in. 

One of the Eleanor Roosevelt 
College senators, sophomore Tom 
Chapman, has gotten involved in 
the Transportation and Parking 
Commission, and is currently 
fighting to keep the administra tion 
from revolcing fres hman resident 
parking next year. 

"I like serving for my srudents 
and working for them," C hapman 
said . "As much time as it takes, it is 
oddly rewarding. On the other 
hand, it ca n be very stressful and 
politics quickly becomes personal." 

Thurgood Marshall College is 
represented by freshman Brian 
Israel, who devised his own 
method of representing his con-
stituents. 

He spawned the idea of an e-
mail newsletter, which he named 
iI1arshal/frosh. He said that about 
20 percent of Marshall fres hmen 
signcd up fo r this newsletter the 
first day he advertised it. 

"It frustratcd me ea rly on that I 
did not have a co nsistent, efficient 
means for gaugi ng the opinion of 
my entire constituency on a given 
issue," Israel said. "Dissemination 
of information has been my No. I 
priority ince taking office.''' 

t\luir senior senator Jacob 
Knapp has his own way of measur-
ing the opi nio ns of hi s con-
stituents, who can be "difficult to 
mobilize" because they "just want 
to graduate," he said. 

Knapp's soluti on: "Periodically 
hold[ing] volleyball offiee hours in 
the ,\1uir Quad." 

! 

! If ( 

THE PRESIDENT 
T he A.s. president is responsi-

ble for representing the student 
body both on and off campus. 

Current President Jeff Dodge 
attends communi ty events, city 
counci l meetings, student confer-
ences and campuswide committee 
meeting. He said he fights for the 
rights of undergraduates by writing 
resolutions, sending letters, lobby-
ing congressmen and meeting with 
university officials. 

The president is also responsi-
ble for making sure the A.S. 
Council functions well by main-
taining its goals and generally pro-
moti ng the opinions of the student 
body. 

T he president has the power to 
veto action by the legislative branch, 
the Senate. Dodge has uti lized this 
power only once, in a conflict over 
conference funding for the humor 
newspaper The !VJ1l1u. 

Dodge said he puts in at least 30 
hours per week serving as the A.S. 
president. T his includes attending 
meetings and maintaining relation-
ships with srudents and the admin-
istration. 

"Being the A.S. president is not 
an 8 a. m. to 5 p.m. job," D odge 
said. "It's 24 hours a day. People 
call me at all hours of the day and 
night inquiring abom A.s.-related 
business. This is a huge rime com-
mitment, one that requires a person 
to have perfect time management 
ski lls, effi ciency and maturi ty." 

Dodge said being the A. . pres-
ident has many benefits. 

" Representing 18,000 under-
graduates is the coolest thing I've 
gotten to do in this position," he 
said. "The entire experience has 
been both persona lly and profes-
sionally worthwhile." 

THE VICE PRESIDENTS 
T he vice president internal 

holds both a gavel and a lot of 
responsibility. 

Jenn Brown is responsible for 
two main things: keeping the coun-
cil rolling, and making appoint-
ments to all-campus committees. 

The nuts anti bol ts of facilitating 
the council include leading council 
meetings and providing resources 
for all of the members of counci l. 

Sam Sc.ofOUS/Guofdion 
Calculations: Vice PreSident Finance Sam Shooshtary consults figures and 
documents - and hiS Palm Pilot - at Wednesday's A.S. counal meeting. 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN MONDAY, MARCH 4, 2002 

Senator spotlight: Melissa Tsang 
By Margaret O'Neill, Senior Staff Writer 

Melissa Tsang arrived late for 
the interview. She ran in, wearing 
a blue top and lIIakeu p and a yel-
low belt and flip-flops, lugging a 
pile of fli ers. 

She quickly explained that she 
had been out on Library Walk dis-
tributing fli ers for tile afternoon's 
"r:1ilgate BBQ before the UCSD 
versus UC Davis basketball game. 

Tsa ng, the Revelle sophomore 
senator, has devoted her time as a 
senator to increasing the spirit at 
UCSD. 

She lists her hobbies as 
"singing in the shower and danc-
ing in the street." 

The undeclared major with 
communications and Chinese 
studies minors has devoted most 
of her time to the A.S. Council, 
the Uc. D Student Foundation, 
the Multicultural Asian Student 
A.ssociation, th e Senior Gift 
Campaign Committee (which 
she chairs) and the Revell e 
Spirit C rew (which she co-
founded) . 

Tsang decided to run for sen-
ator after spending her freshman 
year working as a representative 
at the college level. She wanted 
to make the jump to the universi-
ty level. 

" [ wanted to help spark 
change for the improvement of 
campus life," she said. 

She co-founded the Revelle 
Spirit Crew, an orga niza tion 
similar to T riton T ide th at ral-
lies Revell e students to go to 
games. At the gam es Revelle 
Spirit Crew attends, around 20 
students typi call y show up, 

Brown said she also finds herself 
being the emotional support for 
many members of council at times. 

For her committee appoint-
ments, she is constantly in commu-
nication with the university about 
these committees and who the rep-
resentatives arc. 

The vice president external is 
responsible for representing UCSD 
at the state and national levels. 

VP External Dylan Nicole 
deKervor works in conjunction with 
the University of California Student 
Association, a board on which she is 
a voting member, and the United 
States Student Association. 

T he external office lobbies on 
issues affecting snldents and educa-
tion as a whole. 

DeKervor said tllat her favorite 
project of the year was the Student 
Initiated Outreach and Retention 
Commission. SIORC is a commit-
tee that allocates sta te fundi ng 
aimed at increasing the enrollment 
of underrepresented ethnic groups. 

About $ 1 mill ion per year of 
students' money is overseen by one 
member of A.S. Council: vice pres-
ident finance. 

Vice President of Finance Sam 
Shooshtary serves on the chancel-
lor's budget committee and is 
responsible for making sure the 
counci l foll ows the thick handbook 
of financia l bylaws. 

T he body through which the 
approximately 320 student organi-
zations receive their funding is 
commonly call ed SOFAB, which 
sta nds for Student Organization 
Funding Advisory Board. SOFAB 
is currently composed of five sena-
tors, but come spring quarter will 
be composed of representatives 
from student organizations. 

Funding considerations are 
made with tile aim of benefiting the 
most students possible, according 
to Shooshtary, but they can be con-
tenti ous. 

Appeal to SOFABs funding rec-
ommendations arc conunon. The 
finance committee hears the appeals 
from the eighth through 10th week, 
and makes a recommendation to 
council at the 10th week A.S.· 

ounr.il meeting. The COW1Ci! then 
votc on the recommendation. 

Anna MacMurdo/Guordian 

Triton girl: Revelle Sophomore 
Senator Melissa Tsang shows spirit 
according to Tsa ng. For the 
women 's championship soccer 
match, a bout 40 students 
attended with the Revelle Spirit 
Crew. 

Tsang\; pet project was the 
"Fireworks Spectacular 
Spectacular" after Spirit Night. 
She worked with other senators 
to obtain permits and negotiate 
deals on fireworks for the event, 
fighting her way through some 
red tape with the athle tics depart-
ment. 

She said she feels the fire-
works were a success. 

"I wanted to initiate a new 

The VP finance decides how 
much money per quarter will be 
allocated from the yearly budget. 

Shooshtary says his job can be a 
tedious one. 

"The hardest part is telling 'no ' 
to people," he said. 

Means business: Commissioner of 
Athletics Robin Shelton (standing) 
speaks, while senate chair Nick 
Lieberknecht listens. 

'1'111 COMMISSIOIERS 
Commissioner of Academic 

Affairs Jenn DeCamp works mostly 
behind the scenes to represent the 
student body in matters of academ-
ic affairs. 

She is the only student repre-
sentative on the San D iego branch 
of the Academic Senate, a UC-wide 
faculty board that determines the 
academic direction of the UC 
schools, rangi ng from admissions 
policy to tenure matters. 

She is working to create an 
online professor evaluation pro-
gram similar to the C.A.P.E. book, 
where srudents can voice their 
opinions about profes ors. 

She said that relations with the 
adminisrration and facu lty have 
been problematic for her. 

"l do not like the antagonistic 
relationship that exists among the 
admini rration, the faculty and the 
students," De amp said. "I have 
been critici zed many times for not 

tradition that would get the apa-
thetic srudents out of their 
rooms and to Spirit Night," she 
said. 

From what she has heard from 
her constituents, she believes she 
succeeded at doing that, at least 
for some students. 

Tsang has undertaken many 
other projects this year, including 
the Tai lgate BBQ. She has 
attended at least one gamc or 
match of each sport. 

Another of her priorities is 
promoting class unity over col-
Icge unity. She and the Other 
sophomore senators are currently 
working on the "Sophomore 
Spectacular Spectacular," to be 
held March 7. 

"We hope that this event will 
serve as a fo rum for shared infor-
mation and socia l interaction 
wi thin the sophomore class," she 
said. 

Tsang has enjoyed her term 
on council thus far. 

"I love the people on the A.S. 
Council ," she said. "Counci l 
meetings are my weekly dose of 
inspiration. Everyone on council 
motivates me to want to do more 
and reminds me that students at 
UCSD do care about their cam-
pus and their peers." 

Tsa ng said that being a mem-
ber of the A.S. Council has 
given her the opportunity to 
starr new traditions for the cam-
pus. 

"I want to inspire others to 
want more out of their college 
educations than just textbook 
information," Tsang said. 

being more vocal about student 
rights , but I feel like students will 
gain much more through a cooper-
ative relationship," she said. 

The newly created posi tion of 
commissioner o f athletics is 
responsibl e for the relationship 
between the A.S . Counci l and 
UCSD's athletics program. 

Robi n Shelton, the new com-
missioner, has been working to 
increase the visibi lity of spiri t orga-
nization T ri ton Tide and promote 
spirit on campus. 

The commissioner of athletics is 
also responsible for attending meet-
ings of Triton Athletes' Council, 
overseeing all appointments regard-
ing athl etics and looking out for the 
needs of the NCAA athletes. 

Since taking office, Shelton has 
worked to develop the referendum 
to keep athletics fundi ng at its cur-
rent level , since athletics are cur-
rently faci ng a huge budget reduc-
tion, and is also pushing to have 
blue and gold awnings put up in the 
Price Center. 

T he commissioner of commu-
nications, currently Catherine 
A.lgeri, is responsible for overseeing 
the production of student media, 
incl uding publications such as 
Temper, Voz Frontit,·za, New 
Illdicator, Tile Califonliff RcvirolJ, 
Muir QlIaner/y, The KOIlIa and The 
Nightcap, and SRTV and KSDT. 

T he communications office is 
currently working on the long-term 
project of purchasing a wavelength 
for the radio station broadcasts. 

A.lgeri said that the "funny" part 
of her job is that members of publi-
cations try to make her "like" them 
so their level of funding is 
increased. However, she stressed 
that she remains neutral anel 
unswayed by the.ir efforts. 

T he new commissioner of 
diversity affairs position was added 
this year by the council to support 
and assist organizations that pro-
mote diversity. 

Cathy Medrano, the very 
recently appointed commissioner, 
works wi th the .S. Outreach 
Program and the Lesbian ay 
Bisexual Transgender Allie 

See IIIIIBElS, Page r 5 

MONDAY, MARCH 4, 2002 THE UCSD GUARDIAN FEATURES I3 

tenquesii Interviews by Sarah Brody, Photos by Isaac Sullivan -----, 
Trevor Walker 
Bennett 
Roosevelt 
sophomore 

Annie Kim 
Warren senior 

Jed Smock 
Preacher 

If you could be any 
animal, what animal 

would it be? 

What emotion are you 
feeling now? 

Pizza-eating root beer monkey. 

Horrid embarrassment. 

A tiger. 

Very calm and smootll. 

An eagle. 

I 3m not governed by my emotions. [ guess 
peace? 

What was the highlight 
of your quarter? 

Staying up until midnight playing video 
games on a night I was supposed to write :I 
paper. 

Partaking in a museum exhibit on the L.A. 
riots. 

Wel l, I don't go to school here. 

What plans do you 
have for spring break? 

D oing my taxes. 
Studying my butt off. I will be preaching on some campus for spring 

break. 

If you could aeate any 
class to take, what 
class would it be? 

Sprite programming/drawing with paint-
brush. 

A class on the Middle Ea tern view of Hitler. Theology. 1 think it's a shame the 19th century 
theology was consider<ed (Q be the queen of ti,e 
sciences. Beginning of the 20th century it bel,ran 
to lose academic respectability. Most college stu-
dents gradua te without one course in religion. 

How many times have 
you changed your 

major? What is it now? 
None. It 's theater. 

What bands would you 
have brought to 

WinterFest? 

Cherry Poppin' Daddies. 

What is your biggest 
pet peeve? 

Paying $40 for a paperback reader. 

Do you plan to vote in 
the primary election? 

Maybe' 

What do you think of 
A.S. Council's effort to 

spark spirit on campus? 

Colorful and creative, and very taStyl 

Tutoring: 
Faulty technology can 
pose roadblocks 
Continued from page 11 
e r engineers from Qualcomm, 
helped Gompers establish a mul-
tipurpose Community 
Technology Center. 

Harry Shelton, ti,e vice princi-
pal at Gompers, spoke passionately 
abollt tile online tutoring. 

"It ha s helped us a lot," 
Shelton sa id. "The kids are excit-
ed to have some technology in 
their education, and it is a non-
threatening way to learn algebra. 
Many of these kids feel insecure 

GUARDIAN 
NOW 

or discriminated against in class-
room settings; working with a 
tu tor on a one-on-one basis really 
helps them." 

Shelton also said that class 
attendance has increased by 5 per-
cent si nce implementi ng online 
tutoring. 

" It is the beauty of working 
together," Thompson sa id . "We 
are bringing people toge ther and 
helpi ng others develop important 
skills. 0 one expected sllch a 
reward ." 

The UCSD rutOrs who work in 
the Outreach Communications 
Center also share th e idea of 
reward and satisfaction. 

M arsha ll senior Sandy Minn 
admitted that she originally rook 

I've cha nged my major about four times. It 
went from managment science to philosophy, 
to sociology, to ECE. 

[n Indiana, [ majored in social studies, minored 
in English. Got a master's in history. 

Alien Ant Farm, Hooba Stank and India.Arie. 
Fellix TX carne, which was really cool. 

l like old hymns of the church, Bach. I like 
bluegrass music, folk music, gospel. I also like 
Broadway musicals. 

\Vhen ['m eating at a resta urant and they keep 
taking m )' plates away, and there is a piece of 
lemrce on tile plate that I want to eat. 

That few students are governed by reason. They 
are governed by their emotions. They arc not 
ta ught the laws oflogic and how to think straight. 

Definitely. More people need to go out and vote. Yes, in Ohio. I am a Republican. 

I tllink it's a good idea. School pride is a good 
thing. I don't see a lot of it and want to see a 
bit marc. 

[The lack of school spi rit] would never happen 
in lndiana. We don 't have athie ts in Indiana -
<everyone there worships basketba ll . 

th e job back in D ecember because 
of the " flexible hours." N ow she 
feels satisfied because she feels she 
is helping children. 

Muir sophomore Andrew 
Chika also ex pl ained how the 
tutors are there to encourage the 
children. 

"They are not that motivated, 
but they are smart nonetheless," he 
said. "They just need guida nce, and 
that is why we are here." 

Dabney added that the student 
at Gomper arc receptive to the 
program. 

"You can just see thei r eyes light 
up when they work at a problem 
and get it right," Dabney said. 

at only do the rutOrs act as 
tlltors to the students, but tlley also 

have to build trust and a relation-
ship with them. 

Minn said that children initially 
want to just ta lk instead of learning. 

"You have to go along and 
become friends with them," she 
said. 

Marshall junior Shibani 
Kapoor revea led another cha l-
lenge in the program: the technol-
ogy. At the program' o utset, 
Kapoor said th ere were "many 
problems with the high-tech tech-
nology." For exa mple, the tutors 
could not hear the students well, 
or the webcarn would not operate 
correctly. 

[-Iowever, she said that since 
then, some of the kinks have been 
worked out. 

According to Thompson, online 
tutoring is continuing to grow. 
UCSD is setting up new centers to 
serve American Indian and 
Mexican-American communities in 
northern San Diego County. The 
university just received a $1.4 mil -
lion federal grant to improve acad-
emic achievement and increase the 
college-going rates at Pauma 
E lementary School and Valle ), 
Center I [igh chool, where ele-
mentary school students will be 
tutored . 

With all th ese new develop-
ments, no wonder Thompson 
claims til at there is never a dull 
moment. Indeed, he said tile conti n-
uing success of the prol,'Tam lIIakes 
this "a vcry exciting time to live." 

HIRING! Live Jazz Band: 
Advertising 
Account Executive 
Generate new 
advert ising accounts 
from community 
businesses and service 
ex isting accounts . This 
positio n is ideal for an 
outgoing student with 
solid written and oral 
communication skills. 
Commission only. 

Contact 
Michael 
Foulks 

858.534.3467 
mfoulka@ucH.edu 

David Patrone Quartet 

THE BUS STOP 



14 THE UCSD GUARDIAN MONDAY, MARCH 4, 2002 

ATT E N T I o N 
SMALL BUSINESS OWNERS/ 

UNIVERSITY FACULTY, RESEARCHERS 
AND ENTREPRENEURS 

Over the next year, the Federal Small Business Innovation 
Research (SBIR) Program will award over $1 billion in grants 

and contracts to small high-tech businesses. 

Join USforthe 
National SBIR Conference 

at the Orange County Hyatt Regency March 11-14, 2002, 
to get all the information you need to compete successfully for SBIR awards. 

For more information and to register, call (360) 683-1828 or 
visit http://www.sbirworld.com/anaheim today. 

MONDAY, MARCH 4, 2002 

Members: 
Commissioners oversee 
aspects of student life 
Continued from page 12 
Program to promote an environ-
ment of diversity. 

Medrano is working to set up a 
system of communication with the 
Student Affirmative Action 
Committee organizations and the 
other groups on campus relating to 
diversity. 

Eisha Christian, this year's com-
mjssioner o f programming, is in 
charge of what bands students hear 
at Fall Fest, ""interfest and Sun 
God, along with Club Ritmo and 
Nooners. 

She said her office finds bands 
for these events through research, 
student input and relationships 
with people in the music indusrry. 

" I think concerts bring students 
together on this campus," Christian 
said. "I have always wanted to 
increase the sense of conununity 
here at UCSD. Also, its nice to have 
the campus be alive on Friday and 
Saturday nights." 

The A.S. commissioner of ser-
vices and enterprises oversees all 
A.S. enrerprises, including A.S. 
Lecture Notes, Soft Reserves , 
Triton Plus, half of the Grove 
Caffe, the Micro Fridge rental 
program for on-campus residents, 
Triton Taxi and the Ropes Course 
that is being developed in con -
j unction wi th Outback 
Advcntures. A.S. se rvices include 
the A.S. Internsh ip Office, 
Volunteer Connection, U.S. 

.rants and the catlemic Succe s 
Program. 

Commissioner of Services and 
Enterprises Col in Parent sa id that 
his job as commissioner makes him 
responsible for the expansion and 
renov:ltiOIl of the programs. 

So far, Parent has worked to 
expand services and entcrpri es by 
finalizing the cxpansion of Triton 

Soapbox: 
Students shouldn't give 
up their ideals 
Continued from page 11 
those people who feel themselves 
slipping under the oppressing 
waves of the world: Don't cave in. 

Don't sacrifice your ideals for a 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

Lyon 1jfN>i/Guordion 
Computer whiz: Vice President Internal Jenn Brown attends to AS Council 
business in her office in the Price Center. 
Taxi to the Gaslamp Quarter and 
increasing the number of Lecture 
Note takers by 50 percent. Next 
quarter, Lecture Notes and Soft 
Reserves wi ll take credit cards, and 
Triton Taxi will begin running to 
the U.S.-Mexico border. 

The commissioner of student 
advocacy\; primary job is to repre-
sent students accused of misconduct 
- mostly cheating. 

Student Advocate Kyle R. 
Biebesheimer took a more proactive 
role in his position this year by 
launching the "know your rights" 
campaign aimed at educating fresh-
men. 

The student advocate deals with 
sllldents widl varions of dilemmas. 
Some, Biebesheimer assists. Otllers, 
he points in the direction of STUdent 
Legal Sel-vices. 

"In a few cases, th e stud ent just 
wants omeone to talk to about 
their problems so they can feel 
better," he sa id . " [n such 
instances, all they rea lly want is a 
hug and the reassurance that 
they're nOt alolic on this campus. 
We've become quite good at giv-
ing hugs lately." 

Biebesheimer said that what he 
dis likes about serving on the A .. 

culture and society that arc per-
haps the most ru th less in the 
world . Don 't buy into America 's 
philosophy of money first, morals, 
integrity, honor and justice sec-
ond . Don 't let the flashiness and 
bright packaging of our sociecy 
fool you and hid e the serious 
issues that riddle our nation and 
world . 

There are still many problems 

Council is that the administration 
does not respect the views of the 
council members when they are 
working so closely a lot of the 
time . 

"Sometimes I get the feeling 
they do not care what we have to 
say since, after all, we only have a 
high school diploma and we're half 
their age," he said . 

Biebesheimcr fought in his early 
days in office to get a ketchup 
pump pu: in the Price Center Food 
Court. He wrote letters to 
President George W. Bush, 
requesting help with hjs fight. In 
response, the Office of the 
President sent him a glossy photo-
gra ph of the president, which 
Biebeshcimer proudly displays in 
his o ffice. 

Next week in the 
Guardian -

Students sbare 
tbalr opinions 

on A.S. 

that need to be faced that arc eas-
ily seen by the youth who have yet 
to have been force-fed their il1(li-
vidual ism to the point where they 
have lost thei r sense of communi -
ty. 

There is still a chance to save a 
world that quietly sc reams for 
help; there is sti ll a chance to ful-
fill our dreams of making a differ-
ence. 

No one told you the hardest part of being an engineer would be finding 
your first job. Of course, it's still possible to get the high-tech work 
you want by joining the U.S. Air Force. You can leverage your degree 
immediately and get hands-on experience with some of the most 
sophisticated technology on earth. To find out how to get your career off 
the ground, call1-800-423-USAF or visit our Web site at alrforce.com. 

;} 
.:. 

u.s. AIR PORe. 

FEATURES 15 

NASTIER 
THAN 

A 
FRAT 
RAT 

AT&T Wireless is the 
wireless service of choice 
among college students. 

FREE G/VEA WA YSI 
Music 
Prizes 

Plays/alion Tournamen/ 

DATE: 
March q, 2002 

TIME: 
10:00 A.M. - 3:00 P.M. 

LOCATION: 
Library Walk 

-SATaaT 
-
-AT&rWireless Services 

UCSD 



EVENTS 
Attention soccer players : Kappa Kup 
2002 is looking for teams to compete 
on March 9th, lOam to 4pm at the Muir 
Fields. The entry fee is only $25 per 
team and benefits local charities. 
Please call Mara Lee @ 858.539.6962 
for more Information! (317) 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

CttSsIFIEDS 
The UCSD GUOldIOn reserves the tight to claSSify, edit, delete, offenSive WOlds and pharses, 
andlor reluse any and all advertisements Without pnor notification. The Advertiser VI,II not 
hold the Guo,d,an liable lor any claims resulting form the publication of the advertisement 
The publisher WIll also not be held accountable for any claim from an agreement made 
between the advernser and the consumer. 
Copy should be reViewed by the advernser lor errors. In order to be corrected In the next 
regular Issue. all errors must be reported by the corresponding deadline. Credit will only be 
given for the incorrea portion 01 the advertIsement There are no refunds for cancellations. 
Please send .11 correspondence regarding Ctassifieds 10: 

Classified LI N E 
AD Rates 

Students: 55 per 10 words 
Faculty & Staff: S6 per 10 words 

All others: S7 per 10 words 
Personals FREE 

20 words or less 
Advance payment is required 

Classified DISPLAY 
AD Rates 

$9.75 per column inch 
Deadlines: 

Ltne Ads 

"Fund raising Strategies for Non-
Profits: Free Skills Workshop in 
Room 1401 , Robinson Complex . 
Learn fundraising strategies for your 
cause! Presented by Jerry Buckley, 
Executive Director of the Friends of 
Vista Hill Foundation and Chief 
Development Officer. Tuesday, March 
5th from 5:30-8:30pm . RSVP to 
scc@ucsd.edu by noon 314/02. (3/4) 

PubhcatlOn Date Display Ads 
UCSD Guardian. Attn: Classifieds, 9500 Gitman Drive '031 6, La Jolla, CA 91093. MondlY Noon Thurs. 
Actuat location: Student Center A. Room 117. ThursdlY Noon Mon. 

3 pm Thurs. 
3 pm MOil-

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Classified Line Ads appear In both the Guarcllan PRINT and ONLINE editions. 

Learn Howto 
Overcome the 
Fear of Publ ic 

Speaking 

"Toastmasters of the Cove" 
Every THURSDAY 6:15-7:45 pm 
al Doyle Recreation Center 

8150 Regenls Rd. (1 Blk. S. 01 Nobel Dr.) 
For mar. Infol1lllltlon, call: 

Alain Nguyen (858) 578-7969 
or Charles Ramey (858) 558-6594 

Fraternities - Sororities - Clubs -
Student Groups. Earn $1 ,000-
$2,000 with the easy 
Campuslundraiser.com three hour 
fu ndraising event. Does not involve 
credit card applications. Fundraising 
dates are filling quickly, so call today! 
Contact Campusfundraiser.e:om at 
888.923.3238, or visit www.campus-
fundraiser.com. (4/18) 

International House - seeks 
committed, inquIsitive, open-minded 
lunlors & seniors lor 2002 -
2003 year: fun, friends, cross-cultural 
learning. March 8 deadline. 
http://hds.ucsd.eduflhouse. (3/4) 

EMPLOYMENT 
EARN $1000 FOR YOUR GROUP. 
Work on campus to raise money for 
your student organization. Make your 
own schedule and earn $5 per appli-
cation. Please call 1-800-808-7450. 
(4 /8) 
Swim instructors $10-$16 hr. S.D. 
858.273.7946 . N.C. 760.744.7946 
(3114) 
San Fernando and Conejo Valley 
Summer Day Camps. Counselors & 
Instructors needed. $2,650-$3,500 lor 
summer. 888 .784.CAMP. 

www.workatcamp.com. "Make a 
Difference this summer:' (214-6/6) 
$250 A DAY POTENTIALlbartending. 
Training provided. 1.800.293.3985 
ext. 208. (411) 

SUMMER CAMP COUNSElORS 

ON-CAMPUS INTERVIEWS 
FOR PREMIER CAMPS IN 

MASSACHUSmS 
Positions available for talented, 
energetic, and fun loving students as 
counselors in all team sports including 
Roller Hockey and Lacrosse, all 
individual sports such as Tennis and 
Golf, Waterfront and Pool activities 
and spec ialty act ivities including art, 
dance , theatre, gymnast ics , 
newspaper, rocketry and radio. GREAT 
SALARIES, room , board, and travel. 
June 18th-August 17th. Enjoy a great 
summer that promises to be 
unforgettable. 

For more information and to apply: 
MAHKEE-NAC 

www.campmkn.com 
(BOYS) 1-800-753-9118 

DANBEE 
www.danbee.com 

(GIRLS) 1·800,392·3752 
Interviewer will be on campus Monday, 

April 15th, 10am·4pm. 

$ t 500 weekly potential mailing our cir-
culars. No experience Required . Free 
information packet. Call 
203.683.0258. (6/6) 
CAMPUS INTERVIEWS - SUMMER 
OF YOUR LIFE - Camp Wayne, NE 
PA. Counselor-Specialists all 
LandlWater Sports inc. TenniS; Gall; 
Soccer; Outdoor Adventure: Camping, 
Mountain Biking, Climbing/Ropes ; 
Roller Hockey; Rocketry; Fine Arts; 
Theater; Radio; Video and more. 
RN's for our Health Center. Area inter-
views THURS, APRIL 11 . Let's get the 
ball rolling now! Online application 
www.campwayne.com; email 
info@campway ne . com ; 
1.888 .549.2963 (516.883.3067) . 
Camp Wayne, 55 Channel Dr, Port 
Washington NY t 1 050. (317) 
Free Lift Tickets To Mammoth! 
Interested in being an On-Campus 
Rep lor Mammoth Mtn? Flexible 
Hours and Great Incentives. 
949.481 .0026. Jchauvet@mammoth-
mtn.com. (3/11) 

LIVE AND LEARN 

JAPANESE! 
The Waseda Oregon Programs take North American and international students 
to the prestigious Waseda Univtrsiry, Tokyo, Japan for academic programs of 
J.panese language and comparative US-Japan Societies study: 

Wued. Oregon Summer J.p.nese Program 
July 10 - August 20, 2002 
W ... eda Oregon Transnational Program 
January 15 - June 27, 2003 

Scholarships of up to SIOOO are available for the Transnational Program. 
For more information, contacl: 

Waseda Oregon Office 
Portland State University 

(800) 823-7938 www.wasedaon:gon.org 
emaiJ:info@wasedao"'gon.org 

GONOGUE. Rapid Expansion. 
looking for motivated, classy individu-
als who want to have fun and build a 
winning team. Call 858.784.0034. 
(314) 
SPORTS-MINDED. 30 year old com-
pany looking for 5 money motivated 
individuals. Enthusiastic and Goal ori-
ented a must. CALL 858.784.0165. 
(314) 

A+ SUBS - Preschool 
Substitutes, aides, & 

teachers , All areas, full 
time, flexible part time 

hours $675.$950 hourly 

Call Jacki 
858-565-2144 

Office/ Accounting clerk . 
15-20 hours/week. $7-10 
per hour. For details, e-mail 
info @foundation4change.org by 
3/8/02. (314) 
The Guardian Is hiring advertising 
account executives. Two positions 
open. Please call 858-534-3467. 
(2/28-3/7) 
S50 for a few hours 01 your time while 
gaining research experience in local 
high schools. No long term commit-
ment necessary! Schedule your 
training date by calling 
858.822.2678. Tra ining sessions 
3/19, 3120, 3/21. Call now to sign up or 
ask questions. (3/14) 

HELP 
WANlID 

Customer Service & Sales. Perm 
or temp, scholarships & 

internships available. Openings 
across North America. Find your 

home office and apply at 
_,workforstudents.cam 
or call the phone no. below. 

Conditions apply. 

CALL NOW 
,\\\JIt. & PART TIMe 

::::''v''. , J ~01" 
'-'- "" 

.. I·· 
!\to ~ElEMARK(i\~c., 

(760) 942-1223 
No Experience Necessary, 

No Door-to-Door canvassing. 

JUNIOR PROGRAMMER-PART 
TIME-EVENTUAL CAREER OPPOR-
TUNITY. (20-40 hours per week) 
NEEDED- junior level programmer 
wishing to join a fast paced, profitable 
website. Duties will include HTML pro-
gramming, data importation, adminis-
tration, and manipulation, search 
engine updates, fixing site errors, 
email marketing campaigns, affiliate 
marketing campaigns. The following is 
a list of the skills that a programmer for 
autoanything.com will have: Database 
experience with Sal, MS Sal Server, 
and Foxpro (not a must) including writ-
ing stored procedures, enterprise 
manager and importing and exporting 
data. Strong HTML skills. Experience 
with Visual Interdev. Strong ASP ' 
Skills, Basic experience with Adobe 

Photoshop (able to manipulate 
images into fonmats compatible with 
web site). Please send resume to 
tklein@autoanything.com. (317) 
After school help needed immediately 
in Del Mar 1-3 times week. Must have 
safe car. 858.793.4678. Possible free 
room. (3114) 
Part-time public relations coordinator 
needed for la Jolla oral surgery prac-
tice. Outgoing individual to conduct 
various responsibilities. A.M.'s pre-
ferred. Fax resume to 858.452.3610. 
(3114) 

ROOMMATES 
FIND ROOMS & ROOMMATES! 
FREE to search & place an ad! C 
detailsl pictures! 100s listings @ 
WWW.EASYROOMMATE_COM . (317) 
Room available condo, mile from 
UCSD, 4 bedl3.5 bath. Open house 
Sunday 2124 1-2pm, 858.472.0649, 
stop by earlier il make appointment . 
(314) 
Short-tenm rental (Mar. 01 - May 31). 
Room in new lUXUry apt. complex. 15 
minute drive form UCSD!! Clean, 
sunny, spacious. Your own bathroom, 
washer/dryer. Furnished or unlur-
nished. Share apt. with one room-
mate. Apt. complex has pooVspa, fit-
ness ctr., movie theater, more. 
$650/mo. Call 619.507.7919. (317) 
UTC $700 1/2 utilities, 2 bed, 2 bath , 
washer/dryer, top floor, near UCSD, 
garage parking, non-smoker, Grad 
students prelerred. 858 .625.6954. 
(3111) 

FOR RENT 
UTC/La Jolla colony condos: 4-bed-
rooms, 2-baths, 1700 sq. ft. $2650; 
3br 2.5 baths, 1500 sq. ft. $2150; 
available late June. Washer, dryer, 
refrigerator, micro. 858.454.6462. 
(4/1) 
4 BO 2 BA 2 fireplaces, lagoon view, 
beach close. 2354 Carmel Valley Rd., 
drive by then call. 619.472.8744. 
$2500 Mo. (3/7) 
Studio Cottage - Ocean Beach. 1 per-
son, no pets, $600.00, utilities & cable 
included. $600 month 619.221 .0213. 
1 block to beach. (3/4) 

FOR SALE 
Honda Civic Hatchback_ 1990. silver, 
auto, 160K miles, runs great. $1300. 
Call (619)275-4065. (2128-317) 
GET CHEAP TEXTBOOKS! Search 
24 bookstores with 1 click! Shipping 
and taxes also calculated . Try nowl 
http://www.bookhq.coml. (4/11) 

WANTED 
~~~~~~ 
~ WOMEN ~ 
~. BE AN ANGEL!!! ~ 

DONATE EGGS! ~ If you are 21-30 ~ ~ years, healthy, bright ~ 
~ and responsible ~ 
~ 1·800·939-6886 ~ 
~ All nationalities needed ~ 
-y GENEROUS V' 
~ COMPENSATlON!~ 

~~~~~~ 
Volunteers paid $30 for an interview, 
If you are entirely of Chinese, 
Japanese, or Korean descent, age 21-
26, call 552.8585 x5590. (3114) 
Male and female Jewish American 
subjects wanted for a research study. 
If you are a UCSO student, age 21 to 

MONDAY, MARCH 4, 2002 

25 years, call 552-8585 extension 
5590 for more infonmation. (311 4) 
Egg Donors Needed - Beautiful, intel-
ligent women ages 18-29. All races. 
Great Compensation . Call Fertile 
Ground 800.711 .2442. (6/6) 

EGG DONORS 
NEEDED 

Help an infertile couplefulfilllheir 
dream of having a 
child 
We are 
Looking 
for 
women 

between the ages 
of 18-32. 

Special nHd far Asian donors 
with higher education to receive 

additional financial reward. 

RECEIVE 
COMPENSATION 

AND ETERNAL 
GRATITUDE 

Cori's Egg Donor & 
Surrogate Services 
(619) 463-9110 

E-m:lil: CBfromSD@aol.com 
www.co ri seggdo norse rvice s.co m 

Eyebllnk Study. $140, Healthy males 
needed: 18-35, right-handed, drug-
free, no psychiatric history. Studies on 
M-F, 8-4 only. UCSDMC, Hillcrest. 
619.543.2314. (314) 

SERVICES 
DOTUTOR.com, NEED A TUTOR? 
Hundreds of tutors to your home, all 
subjects, any level, discount packages 
available, 1.877.DO.TUTOR, we are 
hiring. (1011-8/12) 
GOT A TICKET? Complete traffic 
school ON-LINE TODAY! www.come-
dytrafficschool.net. Only $24.95 
800.301.0060. (6/6) 
Need help? Editing, writing, and word-
processing for term papers, theses, 
dissertations. Expertenced. 
Reasonable rates. FleXible hours. Call 
Cheryl 760.722.3397. (3/4) 
Word Processor available. I can help 
you with reports , presentations, dead-
lines. Proficient in MS Office. Please 
contact Aida, 858.395.8254. (3/4) 

LOST It FOUND 
Lost your celebration pictures? Left 
them at the General Store maybe? If 
so, come by the Guardian and pick 
them up. We'll hang on to them for a 
week or so! (317) 

PERSONALS 
Happy B-day to yoos, Happy B-day to 
yoos, Happy B-day dear ... Marisa & 
Randy- 2 of the coolest, salsa-dancing 
freshmen we know .. . Happy B-day to 
yoos! May your year be blessed & 
filled with lois and lots of laughs! -your 
pals from John. (314) 
Every 10 minutes, Krispy Kreme pro-
duces enough donuts to make a stack 
that would be taller than the 1 st 
Interstate bldg. in downtown L.A., with 
enough left over to treat 3,000 
Southern Californians to a donut. 
Scary! (314) 
Goomba- Who the hell are you? 
Reveal yourself! -From a concerned 
citizen (314) 
I'll Moo Tomorrow: Heidi, a Cincinnati, 
Ohio cow, escaped from a slaughter-
house and eluded capture for eleven 
days. This clever fugitive was spared 
from the grill by none other than 
Marge Schott! The fonmer owner of 
the Reds baseball team has offered 
asylum on her fanm. (3/4) 
Classy Comebacks Dept. Who says 
there's nothing dignified and uplifting 
on TV anymore? The Fox networll; will 
be broadcasting a boxing match 
between Tonya "Hubcapper" Harding 
and Amy 'he Long Island Lolita" 
Fisher, Set yer VCR, folks, (314) 
Cancelled: The Annotated Dennis 
Miller on britannica.com. (314) 

MONDAY, MARCH 4, 2002 THE UCSD GUARDIAN WEEKLY CALENDAR 17 

FEATURED THIS WEEK ... 

FOR THE WEE 

o .04.0 
to 03.10.02 

ACADEMICS ACTIVITIES Ongoing 
• Vietnamese 
Student 

Monday, March 4 
• Great Careers Using A Political 
Science Major (panel), 2:30 pm 
@ Career Services Center. Get 
the scoop on what you can do 
w ith a pol itical sc i degree from 
a panel of professionals. Don 't 
miss out! 534-3750 

Wednesday, March 6 
• On-Camera Interviewing For 
Graduate Students (sign up), 2 
pm @ Career Services Center. 
Pract ice answering interview 
questions on video and receive 
feedback to improve your deliv-
ery. Small group workshop. 
Sign up in advance. Limited 
space. 534-3750 

• Medical School: What 
Applicants For 2003 Admission 
Need To Know, 5 pm @ Career 
Serv ices Center. Expert advice 
from professionals about online 
applications, choosing schools, 
find ing out what letters you 
need. Get your questions 
answered. 534-3750 

Friday, March 8 
• Conference on Transitions to 
Democracy In Africa , 11:00 am-
5:40 pm @ the San 
Francisco/ Santa Cruz Room at 
the UCSD Price Center_ 
Sponsored by the African and 
African-American Studies 
Research Project , with keynote 
speakers Ernest J. Wilson 
(University of Maryland) and 
Bolya Baenga (Paris) . Contact 
(858) 822-0265 for more info. 
Free/ Open to public . 

Ongoing . 
• Programs Abroad Advising @ 
the Programs Abroad Office. 
Study abroad in 2002/031 The 
Programs Abroad Office offers 
ongoing advising for students 
interested in international 
opportunities. Visit our office 
and library in the International 
Center or call 534.1123. 
abroad@ucsd.edu 

• ~ Exhlblt: The Emma Goldman 
Papers", March 1-16,9-5pm @ 
The Women's Center. Emma 
Goldman stands as a major fig-
ure of the U.S. activism and 
femin ism_ One of the most influ-
ential feminists of her day, 
Goldman was an early advocate 
of free speech, birth control, 
women's equality, labor orga-
nizing, and the 8-hour work day, 

Tuesday, March 5 
• Free Skills Workshop: 
"Fundralslng Strategies for Non-
Profits", 5 :30-8 :30 pm @ Room 
1401, Robinson Complex . 
Learn fundraising strategies for 
your cause! Presented by Jerry 
Buckley, Executive Director of 
the Friends of Vista Hi ll 
Foundation and Ch ief 
Development Offi cer. RSVP to 
scc@ucsd.edu by noon . 
3/ 4/02. 

Wednesday, March 6 
• cwo Film Series Presents: 
"Harlan County, USA" , 7 pm @ 
Center Hall 216. The Academy 
Award-winning doc umentary 
about the efforts of 180 coal-
min ing families to win a United 
Mine workers contract at the 
Brookside mine in Harlan 
County, Kentucky, in a fascinat-
ing and moving portrait of the 
valor and courage of the coal· 
mining families. Speaker: 
Adriana Jasso de Simon . 

Saturday, March 9 
• Kappa Kup Soccer Tournament 
2002, 10 am- 4 pm @ Muir 
Fields. Kappa Kappa Gamma is 
hosting their annual philan-
thropy soccer tournament, 
complete with fraternity teams, 
an opportunity drawing dj and 
BBQ. Come out and support 
Kappa charities and your 
favorite team! 

Ongoing 
• Free coffeel Sunday-Tuesday 
nights from 6pm-12am @ 
Common Grounds Coffee Shop. 
Head over to the student-run , 
Common Grounds, for free cof-
fee. Yes. absolutely free! I 
couldn't believe it either! 5737 
La Jolla Blvd. From UCSD: 
Torrey Pines (towards Shores), 
left on Girard, Right on Pearl , 
left on La Jolla Blvd. (about 2 
miles on left hand side), 2 
doors south of Bully's restau-
rant. 

CLUBS 
Wednesday, March 6 
• Pre Vet Club General Meeting, 
6 pm @ Davis/Riverside Room, 
Price Center. Dr_ Jeff Zuba will 
relate his experiences as a vet-
erinarian at the San Diego Wild 
Animal Park. 

Association 
General Body 
Meeting, every 
even Wednesday, 
6 :30 @ Price 
Center Gallery A. Everyone wel-
come! Come and check out 
what VSA has to offer. Learn 
more about the culture, set up 
dates on events/ activities and 
how you can take part in this 
year ' s 6th annual cultural 
night! For more information e-
mail : vsa@ucsd.edu. 

• African American Student 
Union , Mondays 6-8pm @ the 
Cross-Cultural Center. Join us 
this quarter for weekly meet-
ings as we unite as a communi-
ty and plan for ex citing events 
like High School Conference, 
Blac k History Month 
Celebration, and Poetry Night ! 
For more info: e-mail 
aasu@ucsd.edu . 

• FMLA Meeting, Tuesdays, 6pm 
@ the Cross Cultu ral Center. 
Come help organ ize our nex t 
feminist event . 

• The UCSD White Tiger Kung Fu 
Club Meeting, Mondays , 6-7pm 
@ Canyon Vista 's Yosemite 
Room @ Warren . learn more 
about Bak Fu Pa i. 

ARTS 
Ongoing 
• UCSDementla, Wednesdays, 
9pm @ Student Cable Channel 
18. It's funny, or disturbing. 
Depends on how you look at it, 
It's on video, anyway, Make 
your TV happy. Watch 
UCSDementia. UCSD-TV airs on 
Cox Cable Ch, 66; North 
County Cox Cable Ch, 69; Time 
Warner Cable Ch. 18; Del Mar 
TV 66; or UHF (no cable) Ch. 
35. For a complete program 
schedule, please call 534-3535 
or go to www.ucsd.tv. 

HEALTH 
Monday, March 4 
• Falntln, and Aaunting: 
Laamlne Today from 19th Century 
Women's experiences of Health 
and Fahlon, 4 pm-6pm @ The 

Women 's Center. Dr. Sue 
Gonden presents this slide 
show and lecture revealing 
c lass-based medical and cultu r-
al beliefs about women 's bod-
ies and women 's nature and 
how those beliefs connected 
with women 's health problem s 
and fash ion . 

Ongoing 
• Nutrition Counseling is avail-
able for students at Student 
Health Service. One-on-one 
counseling with a registered 
Diet it ian . Call to make your 
appointment: 534.8089. 

• Student Health is here for you! 
We ' re a full service clinic open 
to all registered students. You 
can use all the services of 
Student Health regardless of 
your hea lth insurance status. 
Appointments for physical v is-
its and specialty clinics- call 
534.8089. Walk-in for Urgent 
Care weekdays 8am-4pm 
(Weds 9-4: 30). Visit us online : 
www.ucsd.edu/shs. 

• Peer Education Programs are 
provided by Student Health 
Advocates on Nutrit ion , HIV, 
Fitness, Stress, Sexual Health, 
& other topic s- at your res hall 
or student org meetings. Call 
534_2419 for info on these 
FREE programs. 

• Emergency Contraception, 
annual exams, STD tests, preg-
nancy tests , birth control pre-
scriptions, and health educa-
tion- all at the Women's Clinic of 
Student Health. Call 534.8089 
for appt. Completely confiden-
tial-always! 

• Anonymous HIV Testl", @ 
Student Health- Walk in to sign 
up in the Health Ed 
Department, 2nd floor, $10 
charge includes pre- and post-
counseling with a peer educa-
tor. Questions? Cail a Health 
Educator @ 534.2058. 

• Women's Lesbian, Bisexual" 
Questioning Peer Support Group, 
Tuesdays 5:30-6:30pm @ the 
lGBT Resource Office (Comer 
of Gilman and Myers) . A group 
that offers a safe, supportive, 
and relaxed atmosphere, to dis-

Jazz Improv Workshop, an 
undergraduate class, 
directed by Kamau 
Kenya tt a , will , b e 
performing a recita l Ir 
the Mandeville Recital 
Hall at 8pm, Tne conce ': 
will feature ImprOVise 
mustc includ ing l az ~ 
standards , pop mus 
and original studen' 
compositions. The studen' 
ensemble wtll Incluoe 
Kenyatta on soprano sax . 
Nathan Brown on electr iC 
bass, and Richard 
Seliers on percussion . 
Admission is free. Ca l 
the Music Publ ici t y 
office at 534-4830 fo' 
details. 

rUE 3.5 
cuss all issues and concerns 
regarding life, identity. and 
those of your choices. For info: 
534.3755. 

RELIGIO 
Ongoing 
• InterVarsity Christian 
Fellowship- Thursday Nights. 
7:30pm. South (Muir & 
Revelle)- Freedom in 
Brokenness @ Center 105 I 
North (Warren, ERC , & 
Marshall) @ Peterson 110. For 
more information: ww w-
acs,ucsd.edu/ -ivcfsd/ . 

• Orthodox Christian Fellowship 
meets every Thursday night at 
7 :30 at the San FranCISco room 
of the Price Center. Come and 
learn about the Orthodoxy 
through an on-going series 
about the Sacraments of the 
Church. Everyone is welcome! 
For more informat ion email 
OCF@ucsd.edu , or chec k out 
http://stuorg.ucsd.edu/-ocf 

• Jum; .... ah Prayer, 12:40 In the 
Cross Cultural Center. 

• Muslim Student Association 
Meetings, Thursdays , 6pm @ 
the Price Center Rooms. 

• Muslim Student Association 
Quarnlc Studies, Tuesdays, 7pm 
@ Price Center Rooms 

How to ,et pubU .... d In the 

WEEKLY 
CALENDAR 

Weekly Calendar submissions may 
be turned In at the Guardian 

office, upstairs in the Student 
Center, or faxed to 

( 858)534-7691. 
If emalled, please send to 
ad5@ucsdguardlan.org and 

specify that it Is a calendar 

submission. Late email submissions 
will not be published. Deadline Is 

3pm 'Thursday, 

.-



. , 

PORTS THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

Softball drops three on . the road 
Tritons swept by Dominguez Hills, split with Bakersfield 
By BRYCE WARWICK 
Staff Writer 

The UCSD softba ll team 
dropped a doubleheader to Cal 
State Dominguez Hills on Friday 
before spli tting with Ca l State 
Bakerslield un Saturday. The 1-3 
weekend dropped the Tritons to 
16-6 overall, and 8--l in the 
California Collegiate thletic 
Association. 

Friday's contest with Cal State 
Dominguez Hills started Ollt as a 
pitchers duel. UCSD's Christi 
Martinelli and the Toros' Tracy 
Barrientos threw scoreless ball for 
five innings. 

I n the top of the sixth, the 
Triton bats started working. Amy 
i\ tettee got one nf her four hi ts on 
the afternoon, this one a leadoff 
double. Kim Aggabao laid down a 
snnifice bunt and Leea Harlan's 
groundollt brough t ,"Iettee home 
for the game's tirst run. 

The Tnros tied the game in the 
bottom half of the inning with a 
leadoff walk, stolen base, wild pitch 
and passed ball that tu rned into a 
run. 

The opener appeared to be 

hcaded to extra innings when 
Martinelli got two quick outs to 
starr the seventh, but a hit batter 
ami a stolcn base set the stage for 
Sash a Shell's two-out single that 
gave the Toros the 2-1 victory. 

"They're a rea lly scrappy team 
and they put the ball in pl ay," 
Aggabao s:l id. "They do the little 
things well." 

UCSD came into the second 
game looking for a split, but Toro 
pitcher Patrina Smith fou r-hit 
UCS D for a 3-0 win . 

T he Tritons looked to pick up 
some wins against Cal State 
Bakersfield but were denied in the 
first game, falling 2-1. 

Val Rodriguez' two-out double 
started the scoring in the second 
inning for the Roadrunners and put 
them in position to break the game 
open. After a single advanced 
Rodri guez to third, the Triton 
defen e stumbled; an attem pt to 
throw out a stealing Roadrunner 
sailed into center field, allowi ng the 
second run of the inning. 

The Tritons scored a single run 
in the sixth when Jamie Hurst 
knocked in Agga bao, but that was 
all UCSD could manage and it 

dropped its tllird consecutive game 
2- 1. 

"We really didn't have great 
offense," sa id Triton head coach 
Patti Gerckens. "We have to score 
more than one run to win." 

When UCSD trotted back onto 
the field for game two, the focus 
was on salvaging something from 
its four-game road trip. Martinelli 
returned to the mound and was 
brill iant, surrendering only six hits 
over seven innings for the shutout. 
The Tritons found am ple offe nse in 
the third inning when Breanne 
Cope, Aggabao and Kri stina 
Anderson strung together hi ts to 
produce a 2-0 victory. 

"Vie could have just died, but 
we didn't," Gerckens said. "We 
pulled together and when it was 
time to sink or swim, we decided to 
start swimming." 

"That was a big win for us," 
Aggabao said. "On the road you 
have to pick it up a little bit and we 
wanted to show them how UCSD 
plays softball." 

The Tritons rerurn home this 
weekend for CCAA doubleheaders 
with San Francisco State and 
Sonoma Sta teo 

Men's t~nnis takes on top teams 
Tritons participate in 113th annual doubles championship 
By STEPHANIE MORIARTY 
Contributing Writer 

The P:lcitic Coast Doubles 
Championships took place at the La 
Jolla Be:lch and Tennis Club for the 
II 3th consecutive year March I and 
2. 

The tournament has attracted 
pairing~ from five of the schools 
ranked in the top 10 by the 
Intercollegiate Tennis Associ'ltion: 
"lop-ranked Stanford, No. 4 USC, 
No. 'i UCLA, No. 7 Notre Dame 
and ;\io. 9 Pcpperdine. 

Tim event also featured the No. 
I "ngles player at the collegi 'ltc 
level: K.j . I [i ppinstcel from 
Stanford University. 

Tht: UCSD tennis team sent four 
te:lJn, m thiS tournament and fared 

prctt~· well despite three first-round 
lo"es 

' IrlwllS Dan Albrecht and ,\Iike 
,\I eyer bced Hippinsteel and Rya n 

Women: 
You ng Triton team 
finishes 9- 13 in CCAA 
Continued from page 20 

no c()Ilt~,t as the \.Vildca ts rolled 
e.l,d \ !II the 32 -poi nt victorv. T he 
hi",,, I I!;"'C .'vlalone a dUllce to 
,pre;11 h~ IllIn utes around, :11111 all 
14 '11 lOllS on the roster got into 
the g.lIne. ' 

''['m glad everyone got tu pl.ly," 
r ok ,aid . "Every person on this 
team lI"i ll be a lifelong friend and 
we don't really care about wins and 
losse, hecause it's been so much fun 

thl~ "'''::1';;;0 11 . '1 
Spreading the thanks around, 

Fok al,o recognized her supporters. 
"[ loved all the fans that were 

here for us," she said. "The fans 
madc my night." 

After making the nights of many 
UCSD fans, Fok, Wortham and 
Iluciec ended their UCSD careers 
with a Inss. But there are even bet-
wr things to come in UCSD's 
future. 

"\'Ve' re a young team," Malone 
aid. "There is a lot of promi e in 

lots of different areas." 
Hope fo r the fu ture wi II have 

to satisfy "Ii-iton basketball fans, 
since U SO finishes its season 
13 -14 overall and 9-\3 in th e 
California Collegiate Athletic 
Association. 

Haviland - the top tanford dou-
bles team and the No. 7 doubles 
team in the nation. 

Meyer and Albrecht played a 
tough match, but the Stanford duo, 
seeded No. 4 in the tournament, 
dominated the match, lvinning 6-1, 
6-1. 

During the match, Meyer sus-
tained a seriou ankle sprain, and 
according to men 's tennis head coach 
Eric Steidlmayer, is unsure if he can 
play in Monday 's match agai nst 
Division I Boston College. 

UCS D's Bryan Swatt also injured 
his elbow while teaming up with 
Sameer Chopra against the No. 8 
seed. Swatt and Chopra gave Ashok 
Raiu and James Malhame from 
Notre Dame a run for their money, 
but eventually dropped the match 6-
-l,6-4. 

Doug Hoffman and Anm Nejad 
encolliltered the No.5 seed in the 
firs t rou nd . Pepperdine's duo of 

Sebastian G raeff and Ste{an Suter 
were too much for the Tritons, and 
the UCS D team fell 6-3,6-3. 

The UCSD team that prevailed 
in the first round was Everett 
Schroeter and Jeff 'Nilson. After los-
ing the first set, \Vilson and 
Schroeter picked up their game and 
beat UC Berkeley's doubles team of 
Patrick Briaud and Lan Bale 3-6, 6- 1, 
6-4. 

Schroeter and \Vilson then had 
a tough loss to Pepperdine's Brian 
Wright and Calle H ansen duo 6-2, 
6-4 in tile second round. 

In the face of its top-notch com-
petition, Steidl mayer was pleased 
with his team's effort this weekend . 

"We had a couple good match-
es, but these guys were co ming 
from the top 10 teams in the 
nation," he said . "Some of these 
players will be future pros, and the 
tennis played at this tournament 
was phenomenal." 

Nice.nn: Sophomore Nicholle Bromley (#22) goes up against an Aggie 
defender in the 'rivalry' game against UC Davis on Friday. 

MONDAY, MARCH 4, 2002 

4 qualify for NCAA 
Women place 2nd in All-Cal event 
By KEITH DO 
Staff Writer 

T he UCSD track and field 
teams fielded squads at the A11-
Cal Challenge, an annual meeting 
among UC teams, at UC Irvine 
on March I and 2. The women 
fini shed second and the men Hn-
i hed fifth against their Division 1 
counterparts. 

It was the first meet of the sea-
son where Triton athletes could 
qualify for the National 
Collegiate Athletic Association 
Division II championships in 
May. UCSD, the only Division II 
school competing, qualified three 
women and ant! man, and also 
recorded several all-time top-10 
marks. 

"We are real pleased," said 
head coach Tony Salerno. "For us 
to get that many people with 
qualifying marks tllis early, it is 
really remarkable. We really 
expect to have qualifiers in April, 
when they're a little sharper. It's 
good to see tllem step up to their 
level of competition." 

The women continued their 
strong start this season by posting 
189 points, barely edging UC 
Santa Barbara, which had 188 
points to take second place. UC 
Irvine won the competition with 
225 points, and UC Riversi de and 
UCLA rounded out the bottom 
of the field. 

Last week the women won the 
California Collegiate Athletic 
Association Quadrangular at Cal 
State Los Angeles. 

Audrey Sung's 17 minutes, 
39.02 seconds in the 5,000 meters 
was good enough for second 
place, an NCAA qualification and 
third all -time among UCSD ath-
letes. Sara Allsup posted a 147-2' 
mark in the discus, which gave 
her a third-place fini sh, an NCAA 
qualification and the fifth-best 
throw in school history. Megan 
Bergin rounded out NCAA quali -
fying for the day for the women, 
recording a 152-5 in the hammer 
throw, also good enough for sixth 
in competition. 

Men: 
Tritons end their 
season at 8-21 overall 
Continued from page 20 
coach Greg Lanthier. "It truth-
fully wasn't a pretty game." 

The Tritons uncharacteristi-
cally shied away from the three-
poin t shot, onl y hoisting 21 of a 
total 60 fi eld-goa l attempts. 
\Nhen they did shoot, however, 
they were sizzling, scoring 43 
percent from beyond the arc. 

Thi s game, in fact, was only 
the second time in UCSD's 
CCAA history that the opponent 
had more three-point attempts 
- Chico fired 23 on Saturday. 
T he only other time this hap-
pened was in a 96-77 thrashing 
of San Francisco State last sea-
son when the Tritons had 19 
attempts compared to the 
Gators' 23 . 

Volleyball: 
Tritons play Stanford on 
Wednesday at home 
Continued from page 10 
had just defeated the No.1 ranked 
Pepperdine and one player, Aaron 
Watchfogel, had just been named 

, the collegiate player of the week. 
UCSD had more than a few 

chances to control the tempo of 
the first game, but on four over-
pass plays, UCSD failed to con-
vert any of the oppo:-tunities. 
This resulted in a 24-30 loss. 

Meredith Perry won the 100-
meter hurdles with a time of 
15.03 seconds, second-best in 
UCSD history, but shy of the 
14.65 required for NCAA qualifi-
cation. Clara Wilson had a strong 
outing for the day, winning the 
400-meter hurdles and taking 
third in the 100-meter hurdles, 
good enough for UCSD 's seventh 
all-time. Sagrario H ernandez had 
the second-best tllrow in UCSD 
women 's shot-put histOry and 
took fourth in the competition. 

"I can't say enough about 
them and how they performed, 
especially edging Santa Barbara," 
Salerno said. "And for their top-
10 all-time [marks] this early in 
the season, it's remarkable." 

On the other side, the men's 
team scored 161 points, JUSt 
behind UC Riverside's 163 
points, to finish fifth . The decid-
ing points came in the last event, 
the four-by-400 relay, where UC 
Riverside's third- place finish 
pushed the team over the top. 
UCLA took first with 230 points, 
followed by UC Santa Barbara, 
UC Irvine and UC Riverside. 

Rob Ewanio was the sole 
event-winner for the Tritons, and 
his first-place mark of 56-8 3/4 
was not only enough to win the 
shot put, but also qualified him 
for the NCAA. Mark Gomez and 
Ryan Vincent added points for 
the squad, posting the fifth- and 
sixth-best marks in school hi story 
in the pole vault and high jump, 
respectively. 

"[The results for the men] were 
good but not great," Salerno sa id . 
"The teams we're competing 
against have gotten better. UCLA 
was pretty well-represented . They 
competed in indoor nationals, so 
they didn't bring everybody, bur 
they won pretty handily." 

UCSD will send partial teams 
to the Belmy Brown Invite at Ca l 
State Fullerton this weekend, a 
nonscoring meet between inter-
collegiate teams that also features 
several professional clubs com-
peting, in hopes to add to their 
list of CAA qualifiers. 

The win was a great way for 
the team's lone senior, Nick 
Christensen, to finish his career. 
Christensen was named the 
team's most valuable pla yer 
before the game, the econd time 
in a row he has won that award . 
Chris tensen scored 14 points 
against Chico, leading the team 
in steals and blocks. 

The Tritons finished the sea-
son 8-2 1, going 5-17 in CCAA 
play. 

"We got better throughout 
the season and we're going to 
continuc to get better," Lanthier 
said . "Overall , it was a good 
year. I had an incredible group 
of guys who were great to 
coach." 

The late-season development 
of Hassan Bassiri and C.J . 
Duffaut, along with the incoming 
red shirts and freshmen will like-
ly be enough to help the Tritons 
next year, and perhaps even sur-
prise the skeptics. 

In the second game, the Tritons 
played well and took it 30-27 . The 
next two games saw Pacific pull 
away with 26-30 and 24-30 wins. 

"We matched up well, especial-
ly our outside hitters," Larsen said. 
"But they have some good players 
like their setter and middle, and 
they were able to get ahead of us." 

The twO games bring UCSD's 
record to 3-13 overall. The Long 
Beach victory gave the Tritons 
the confidence they need going 
into the rest of the MPSF season. 

"That victory showed us we 
can play and win in this league," 
Larsen said. 

MONDAY, MARCH 4, 2002 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

Water polo splits at home, now 7-5 
UCSD beats Michigan, loses to LMU to begin homestand 
By JEFF CHUNG 
Staff Writer 

The UCSD women 's water 
polo team began a nine-game 
homestand with key games 
against the University of 
Michigan on Wednesday and 
Western Water Polo Association 
rival Loyola Marymount 
University Saturday. 

The Tritons finished .500 for 
the week and now stand with a 7-5 
overall record. 

Their first game of tile week 
took place Wednesday night 
against Michigan . The teams bat-
tled back and forth , leading to a 3-
3 halftime score. 

Early in the tllird quarter with 
the score still tied, UCSD coach 
Larry Sanders ca lled a timeout that 
helped set the pace for the rest of 
the ga me. 

The Tritons went on to score 
three more goals in the ga me and 
held the Wolverine to just one 
goal for the second half, shutting 
tllem ou t in the fou rtll quartcr. T he 
linal score was the same as the 
score these teams held the previous 
weekend in a Santa Barbara tourna-
ment, with UCS D once again win-
ing 6-4. 

Junio r Dana Tucker led th e 
Tritons with three goals whil e 
senior Emma Kruditzki , junior 
Samara Si lverman and sophomore 
Meris Bantilan-S mith each netted 
one goal. 

Sanders was not completely sat-
isfied witll his team's victory. 

"We were abl e to play <lggrcs-
sive defense," he said. "We pl<lyed 

good enough to win, but not to our 
full potential." 

Tucker agreed. 
"We still need to work out some 

things," Tucker said. "We need to 
cash in on our opportunities to 
score." 

Three days later, UCSD faced 
the current top-ranked team in the 
WWPA, Loyola Marymount. The 
two teams, along with UC Davis, 

'Our defense is f------
awesome: 

-Courtney Hemmerly 
UCSD water polo player 

have brewed a triangular rivalry in 
recent yea rs, creating a playoff 
atmosphere whenever they battle. 

This ga me was no exception. 
The Tritons jumped out of the 

gales early with exceptiona l defen-
sive play and built a 2-0 lead late in 
the second quarter with goals by 
Tucker and senior Courtney 
I Iemmerly. 

However, with less than four 
seconds left in the half, the Lions 
were ahle to slip a goa l through. 
The goal came off the rebound 
Ii'om a save made by junior goalie 
Stephanie Lombardo. 

This shifted the momentum in 
LMU's favor, and th e team took 
control of the game in th e second 
half. Loyola Marymount complete-
ly shut the Tritons down in the sec-
ond hal f, not allowing any goals 

and scoring three of its own while 
defeating UCSD 4-2 . 

"This is a great rivalry and a dif-
ficult place to play," said LMU 
head coach John Loughran after 
his team's victory. "Any time cham-
pionship-caliber teams face off, 
anything can happen ." 

A fai lure to take advantage of 
ejections was a major factor in the 
Tritons' loss. 

UCSD went 0 -for-6 on the 
game while the Lions converted on 
two of five ejections. 

"We knew what we needed to 
do and got away from that." 
Sanders said. "We need to master 
our own game and play four full 
quarters of water polo." 

Bantilan-Smith agreed. 
"We just didn 't execute today," 

she said. "We have a lot of work to 
do, but our chemistry is improving 
with every game." 

T he team continued its homes-
rand with weekend ga mes agai nst 
Pomo na- Pitzer, C laremont 
College , and top 10-ranked Long 
Beach Statc . The '4gers pose 
another tough test for the Tritons. 
Rcsults were not avail able at press 
time, bllt th e team felt con6dent 
going in. 

"They will be a big challenge 
for us," Sanders said. "I think we 
arc very capable of beating them." 

Hemmerly furt he r expressed 
the team's con6dence as it looks to 
rebound from the last defeat. 

"I think we're up for the chal-
lenge," she said. "Our defense is f--
---- awesome, and having a real 
strong set makes this team a top 
contender." 

Baseball takes four from CSUSB 
Tritons win first CCAA series, fifth-straight game 
By COURTNEY FIELD 
Staff Writer 

T he UCSD baseball team 
returned to Triton Baseba ll Field 
on Saturday to finish the last two 
games of a four-game series against 
Cal State San Bernardino. 

Wh ile on the road last week, the 
Ti·itons sqlleaked past the 14th -
ranked Coyotes with a 6-5 victory 
Thursd'IY foll owed by another Ilail -
biting 4-3 win Friday. 

Thursday, Triton first baseman 
Chad Addison and Triton left field-
er John Bologna each hit two-run 
doubles, and pitcher Keith Smith 
earned his third consecutive win on 
th e hill for UCSD. 

In Friday's game, tile Tritons 
jumped out to a 3-0 lead in the third 
inning. The Coyotes tanned back 
to tie tile game with runs in the 
fourtll , sixth and seven til imungs. 
UCSD recaptured tile lead when 
Triton catcher Tyler Sullivan scored 
off a double by shortstop Keith 
Hernandez. 

Pi tcher Tommy Sereno picked 
up tile win while Robert Peelle 
earned the save for UCSD. 

At home Saturday, the Tritons 
completely overpowered the 
Coyotes in two games, winning 15-
3 and 13-1. 

During the first game of tile 
doubleheader, UCSD designated 
hitter Jeff Ridd le rocketed a two-
run shot off Coyotes pitcher 
Matthew Rohr in the bottom of the 
first inning. It was Riddle's third 
home run this season. 

In the second inning, San 
Bernardino's Bill Bitonti hit a solo 
shot over the fence in center. In the 
top of the fourth , Cal State San 
Bernardino's third baseman Rene 
Leon blasted the Coyotes' second 
solo home run over the left-field 
fence. Rohr then hit a double off the 
center-field fence to pick up an RBI, 
tying the game at 3-3. 

\Vith UCSD clinging to a 4-3 
lead after five-and-a-half innings, 
Addison led off the bottom of the 

sixth inning with a double to left 
center field. Hernandez then dou-
bled to left, driving in Addison. 
Catcher Matt Kennison then hi t the 
third Triton double of tile inning, 
sending the ball to center field and 
scoring Hernandez on the play. 

The Tritons busted the game 
open in the seventh when tlley com-
bined smart bascrunning with pow-
erful hitting. Center fi elder Man 
Smith led off the inning and reached 
second base on an error. Sullivan 
singled, and with runners at tile cor-
ners, Jeff Riddl e hit a Texas leaguer 
to center field that dropped in the 
gap and scored Smith. Addison was 
then hit by a pitch to set up runners 
at the corners again . 

Hernandez smacked a line drive 
to center, scorin g pinch runn er 
Philip Bretsch on the play. Right 
fielder David Hawk lined a single to 
center, knocking in anotller fWl and 
then second baseman Anthony 
Lococo doubled to center scoring 
Hernandez. This four-hit, six-run 
rally put the Tritons up 12-3 at the 
inning's end. 

"We hit forever and took advan-
tage of their pitching mistakes, and 
that is what we plan on doing the 
entire season," Jeff Riddle said . 

UCSD pinch hitter Garret 
Riddle launched his first home run 
shot of the season to right field in the 
bottom of the eighth irliling. llurd 
baseman Ryan Larson singled, and 
Addison ripped a two-run shot over 
the right-field fence. It was Addison\; 
first home run of the season. 

"We have a lot of offensive depth 
on the team this year that we lacked 
last year," Addison said. "The key 
right now is to relax at the plate. 
When we press ourselves we seem to 
struggle, but when we relax and just 
have fun, the entire team is success-
ful ." 

John Beaven (3- 1) went six 
innings in the first game for the 
Tritons, striking out eight and 
walking three to pick up the win. 
Matthew Rohr (1-2) took the loss 
for the Coyotes. 

UCSD pounded 16 hits and 
scored 15 runs in the first game, then 
followed up wi th an 18-hit, 13 -run 
barrage in game two. 

"Our found3[ion hitting is con-
tagious," said head coach Dan 
O 'Brien. "Three or four of our best 
hitters are rea lly conung alive and 
th at affects the entire squad's per-
formance." 

Triton pitcher Alexander 
Cremidan (2 -I) struck out seven and 
allowed just two hits over five ilUungs 
to complete the sweep in the second 
game. Coyote pitcher Charles Rohr 
got the loss and fell to I- I. 

UCSD's offense exploded and 
scored 13 runs between the fourth 
and sixth inni ngs to complete tile 
four-game sweep. 

Triton third baseman Lar on 
went 4-for-4 witll a double, a home 
run, tluee runs scored and tluee 
RBIs. Right field er Hawk went 3-3 
\vith one run and two RBIs in tile 
second game. 

In total , UCSD's Larson and 
Sullivan each had five hits in the 
doubleheader. Addison had four 
hits, four RBIs and five runs scored. 

With the four-game sweep, 
UCSD completed its most success-
ful weekend ince moving up to 
Divis.ion II. It marked the first time 
the Tritons .have won a majority of 
games in a four-game CCAA series. 

"We wanted [the wins] more than 
they did," Addison said. "After drop" 
ping the first two games to us at tlleir 
home, they came here playing not to 
lose, whereas we came out to win." 

\Vi th the doubleheader sweep, 
UCSD improves to 13-8- 1 overall 
and 8-4 in the CCAA. Cal State 
San Bernardi no falls to 10-9 overall 
and 5 -6 in the CCAA. 

"We have tried to play consistent 
baseball all year," O'Brien said. 
"We're emphasizing four main 
things: pitching, offense, defense 
and baserunning. When we put 
them all together, we win ball games 
l.ike we did this weekend . Everyone 
contributed to the wins this series; 
that is the sign ofa good ball club." 

SPORT 19 

1----------------------, 
125 % OFF All Full-Serve Services: I D Not valid with any other offers . COO only. I I Valid at Costa Verde location only. I EKpires 4/4/02 . UCSD Guardian I _______________________ J 

24 Hours 
Teachers & Students! 
We specialize In: ,.~'I!!! Bound class materials Self serve copies 
Computer rental 
Color copies 

~r"""'-u World of Copylng.C 
Minutes from UCSD in 

Costa Verde Center Color posters alld oversize BIW 
DSL illternet access 
Passport pllOtoS 

Across from UTe 
8650 Genesee Ave. Ste. 200 

858-457 -9500 fax 858-457 -2058 
www.copyclublajolla.com Fax Free pickup and delivery 

Open 24 hours/7 days 

HELP WANTED 

House of Blues Concerts is looktng 

for outgoing, friendly, and 

hard-worki ng i nd ividua Is to 

work as VI P concierges at 

Coors Amphitheatre 

during the 2002 concert 

CONCERTS season . 
Please fax resume to Jamie at 619-671 -3651 or email resume 

to jamie.fast@hobconcerts,com, Positions a re lim ited . 

Save Our Southern 
California Ocean I 

Speak out and protect your 
Channel Islands Marine Sanctuary 
10 am, Thursday, March 7 
A Public Hearing will be held at Shedd Aquarium 

Hubbs Sea World Research Institute 
2595 Ingraham Street, San Diego 

For information. visit Environmontal I>of.",.o at httpJ/www.ourislands.org 

International Studies Abroad 
YEAR-LONG. SEMESTER· TRIMESTER • SUMMER • MONTH 

Study Abroad Programs in: 
SPAIN CHILE 

• Barcelona 
• Granada 
• Madrid 
• Salamanca 
• Sevilla 

FRANCE 
• Angers 
• Paris 

COSTA RICA 
• San jose 

• Valparaiso 
ARGENTINA 

• Buenos Aires 
MEXICO 

• Guanajuato 
AUSTRALIA 

• Brisbane 
• Sydney 

www.studiesabroad.com " 
Studying abroad since 1987 • (800) 580-8826 • email: isa®studiesabroad .com 

-

-



"Sure there have been Injuries and 
deaths In boxin, - but none of them 
serious:' 

Baseball 
UCSD earns first CCAA 

sweep, outscores CSUSB 
38-12 in four games 

- Akm M,nter, former boxer PORTS See page 19 
~ PORTS 20 

Volleyball 
beats No. 
10 LBSU 
Tritons end 
MPVF 28-game 
losing streak 
By TAIT MILLER 
Associate Sports Editor 

T he UC D men 's vollevba ll 
team split two ga mes last \~eek, 
winning against Long Beach tate 
and falling to University of the 
Pacific. 

The victory over the Long 
Beach '4gers came Wednesday at 
RI.'vlAC Are na. UCSD dropped 
the first game of the best-of-five 
ma tch and then stormed back to 
take the next three games from the 
10th-ra nked team from Long 
Beach, Calif. 

The Tritons came out slow and 
had trouble handling the Long 
Beach serve early on. At IS -20, the 
lh tons began to make a comeback 
and brought the score to 25-28 
before the '4gers managed to close 
out the ga me, 28-30. 

The econd game was a differ-
ent story. UCS D pounced on the 
'4gers and quickly built a 13-8 lead. 

The lead held to 2 3 -18, then the 
'4gers showed why they are the 
lOth-ranked team in the nation. 
They began to eat away at the 
Triton lead bit by bit. Their level of 
concentration rose and passes 
became crisper, serves became a lit-
tle harder, and digs became more 
common. 

This became a trend for Long 
Beach that lasted all night. When 
they were behind, the team would 
rally and play five to eight superb 
points, but then would hit a wall 
crea ted by the Triton's ability to 
disrupt the '4gers' rhythm. 

At 27-27, three-straight service 
errors by Long Beach brought the 
score 29-28 in favor of UCSD. 
Unable to close out the game, the 
Tritons went down match point 
29-30. UCSD's Kevin Keyser then 
put down a kill for 30-all and Jim 
Waller blocked a '4ger kill attempt. 
A set from Hove gave the Tritons 
the ga me 32-30. 

The final two game scores were 
30-26 and 30-24. 

Coach Ron Larsen was happy 
with the Tritons' adjustment. 

"After the first game we had a 
good idea what they would do and 
what matchups we had," Larsen 
said. "We were able to come out in 
the last three games and use tllis to 
slow them down ." 

This was the Tritons' first win in 
the Mountain Pacific Sports 
Federation si nce Apri l II , 2000. 
The win ended a 28 conference-
game losing streak by UCSD. 

ccording to Larsen, it was 
Chris Mortimer who really helped 
the team win . 

"Mort did a great job of control-
ling the serve and allowing Jordan 
to get our hitters good looks," 
Larsen said. "We really won the 
battle of the serve and that helped 
us today." 

T he second match against the 
University of the Pacific did not go 
as smoothly. Both teams came into 
the gamc riding high. The Tigers 

See VOLLEYBALL, Page ,8 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN MONDAY, MARCH 4,2002 

Men's basketball finishes season with a win 
Tritons lose to DC D avis, beat last-place Chico State University 
By COREY HOLMAN & 
MATT RYAN 
Staff Writer & Contributing Writer 

The UCSD men's basketball 
team continued its woes Friday, 
falling to UC Davis 91-78 at 
RIMAC Arena. 

The Aggies came out and dom-
inated the first IS minutes of the 
game, jumping out to a 22-point 
lead. However, the Tritons were 
able to nar row the gap going into 
halftime and gained some momen-
mm goi ng into the second half. 

"Wc were able to cut a 22-
point deficit down to 13 points," 
said UCSD center Jody Woods. 
"This gave us confidence heading 
into the second half. " 

The problem with UCSD of 
late has been its lack of intensity in 
the second half of games. Coach 
Greg Lanthier just told his team 
to keep up the work. 

"He told us to keep playing 
hard like we were," said Triton 
forward Jordan Watkins. "He said 
that we are a young team and we 
must keep up the intensity." 

The Tritons charged in the sec-
ond half, led by the three-point 
shooting of Ryan Swed, who had 
15 points; the hustle of Woods, 
who finished with 13 points and 
14 rebounds; and the physical play 
of Watkins, who scored 14 points. 
With a little over four minutes to 
go in the game, UCSD cut the 
Aggies' lead to just four points. 

UC Davis was forced to call a 
time-out. 

Out of the time-out, UC Davis 
went to its top guns Jess McElree 
and Dominic Callori. Both were 
unstoppable, finishing with 32 and 
25 points respectively. T he two 
are among the league leaders in 
scoring and rebounding. 

"They are better than us," 
Lanthier said. "They are older and 
more experienced, and they know 
how to execute pl ays better than 
we do. We are better than last 
yea r, but we are young." 

The loss drops the Tritons 4-
17 in the California Collegiate 
Athletic Association. UCSD is in 
danger of taking over last place. 

"This is something we can 
build off of," Woods said. "We are 
improving." 

Saturday night brought about a 
change of formne for the strug-
gling men's basketball team. The 
101 -9 1 win over Chico State 
snapped UCSD's nine-game los-
ing streak. 

On senior night, it was two 
newcomers to the Tritons roster 
who led the way to victory over 
the Wildcats. Freshman Jordan 
Watkins chipped in 19 points in 
only 18 minutes of p'ay while 
Woods also added 19 points, 
pulling down II rebounds in the 
process. 

This game also marked the first 
time UCSD has eclipsed the cen-
tury mark in California Collegiate 

Colin Young·Wolff/Cuardian 
Driving: Hassan Bassiri (flO) drives pasrUC Davis' Tyler Boyd Friday at RIMAC 
Arena. UCSD fell to the Aggies 91 -78. 
Athletic Association play, and the 
first time the Tritons have done it 
at all since a 104-44 pounding of 
University of Redlands in the 
opening game of the season. 

A physical contest from the 

outset, this game was marred by 
56 fouls and three foul-outs . 

"It was a game played by two 
young, tired teams," said UCSD 

See MEN, Page 18 

Women's basketball loses in overtime 
UCSD collapses against Davis, gets blown out by Chico to end season 
By OWEN MAIN & 
BRYCE WARWICK 
Contributing Writer & Staff Writer 

The UCSD women's basketball 
team faced the UC Davis Aggies on 
Friday night in the opening game of 
"Rivalry Weekend" at RIMAC 
Areana, losing 69-67. 

Although UC Davis came out 
on fire in the first half, UCSD 
made up for the Aggies' hot shoot-
ing with tenacious offensive 
rebounding to stay in the game. At 
the end of the first half, Ali Ginn 
made a three-pointer to put 
UCSD ahead 30-29 heading into 
the break. 

Anna MacMurdo/Guordian 
Super senior: UCSD's Maya Fok drives around an Aggie defender. 

UCSD held a lead for most of 
the second half, continuing its 
dominance on the glass and hold-
ing off numerous Aggie comeback 
attempts. 

But with two minutes remain-
ing, UC Davis made a final run 
and took the lead by three. With 
15 seconds left in regulation , 
UCSD looked to its leading scor-
er, sophomore guard Ginn. 
Ginn, who finished the game 
with 27 points and 10 rebounds, 
got the ball, stepped behind the 
three-point arc, and hit a con-
tested shot with three seconds 
left to tie the game at 58. 

In overtime, the Tritons built 
a four-point lead with 21 seconds 
to go. But now it was the Aggies' 
turn for heroics. After a UC 
Davis layup cut the Triton lead 
to two, the Aggies called a time-
out to set up their full-court 
press. 

After the UC Davis pressure 
caused the inbound pass to be 
broken up, the ball ended up in 
Aggie guard Kim Orner's hands. 
Her desperation three-point 
shot found the bottom of the net 
and. silenced the stunned UCSD 
crowd. 

A half-court heave proved 
unsuccessful for UCSD, sealing 
Davis' 69-67 overtime win. 

"We made some key errors at 
the end," said UCSD head coach 
Judy Malone. "I can't fault them; 
they worked really hard." 

Ginn was Ie s accepting of the 
loss. 

"It's upsetting because we all 

gave a really good effort," she said. 
"The frustrating thing is that we 
played so hard." 

The Tritons out-rebounded 
Davis 57-35 for the game, but 
gave up 20 mrnovers to the 
Aggies'12 . 

T he next day, the Tritons fell 
to the Wildcats of Chico State 85-
H . 

The Tritons shot a season-low 
25 percent from the field, and 
winning the basketball game 
seemed far from the players' 
minds. 

The senior night game had a 
different focus for Maya Fok, 
Danyiel Wortham and Renee 
Hudec. 

When leading Triton scorer 
Katie McGann was asked what the 
priorities were for the evening, she 
showed how uncommon this night 
would be. 

"It's about having fun," 
McGann said. "Winning is impor-
tant but this is [the seniors') 
night." 

The Wildcats came out look-
ing to spoil the celebration. 

Chico State scored the first 
eight points of the game and 
stretched its lead to 23- 10 early 
in the first quarter before its 
offense fell apart. 

The Wildcats did not score for 
nearly seven minutes, but the 
Triton offense scored only two 
points during that time. UCSD 
went into the half trailing 37-26. 

T he second half proved to be 

See WOMEN, Page ,8 


