
SPORTS A.S. Council at a Glance 1 HIATUS ~. 
Soccer Playoffs: Tritons play UC Muggles Opinion 4 .:--" ~> .~ Letters to the Editor 5 Davis Aggies "Harry Potter and the " -v·:."f-p ' 1)1 ~'£ Thursday Coupons 11 Chamber of Secrets" opens this weekend. 

Second round of NCAA tournament to be Hiatus Calendar 13 page 8 played Nov. 17 at UCSD. page 20 
....,-

Classifieds 16 

THE UCSD 

UC SAN DI EGO THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 2002 VOLUME I07,ISSlJE 15 

Atkinson retires from UC UC to lead class action 
UC President announces decision at Regents meeting • • SUit agalnst 

By JOSH CROUSE 
Senior Staff Writer 

UC President Richard C. 
Atkinson announced his intention 
to retire from his position, effec-
tive Oct. I, 2003, at the ov. 13 
meeti ng of the UC Board of 
Regents in San Francisco. 

Atkinson, 73, has served as the 
UC president ince Oct. I , 1995 . 
Prior to that , he served fo r 15 
years as the cha ncel lor of UCSD. 
In his remarks, Atkinson to ld the 
Board of Regents that he thought 
it was the right time to step down 
and allow someone new to take the 
reigns of the UC system. He also 
cited personal reasons for retiring. 

"These have been extremely 
rewarding years - challenging, 
stimu lating and deeply interesting 
vears," Atkinson said. "But the 
time has come to bring them to a 
close and to allow the university to 
move forward under new leader-
ship. It also is time, I might add, 
for my grandchildren to see more 
of their grandfather." 

UCSD Chancellor Robert C. 
Dynes, Atki nson 's hand-picked 
successor at U CSD, was among 
those in attendance at the meeting. 
He has known Atkinson since 1989. 

"I am saddened bl' this news," 
Dynes said.~ that he is 
doing a great job as the leader of 
the university. 
It is quite 
impressive, but 
I do understand 
why he is step-
ping down. He 
has more than 
ea rned it. He 
has been a 
tremendous 
president. " 

Atki n so n 
and his wife, 
Rita , pl an to 

Richard C. 
Atkinson 

UC President 

return to San Diego upon his 
retirement. They lived in San 
Diego during his tenure as chancel-
lor of UCSD from 1980 to 1995. 

"I think that [after his retire-
ment) we'll be seeing a lot more of 
Dick Atkinson [at UCSDJ," Dynes 

Groundbreaking held for 
Moores Cancer Center 

Courtesy of htlp://roncer.uad.edJ 
Picture perfect UC President Richard C Atkinson, Chancellor Robert ( Dynes, 
Rebecca Moores, Jerome Katzin, Cancer Center Director David Tarin, UC Regents 
Chair John Moores, Miriam Katzin and Vice Chancellor of Health Services Edward W. 
Holmes were on hand for the groundbreaking ceremony. 

By EVAN McLAUGHUN 
News Editor 

More than 300 people gathered 
at the EaSt Campus construction site 
for the Rebecca and John Moores 
UCSD Cancer Center to celebrate 
the ground breaking of the new S 1 ()() 
million facility on Nov. 8. 

Among those digging the first 
few shovels of dirt were University 
of California President Richard C. 
Atkinson, Chancellor Robert C. 
Dynes and UC Board of Regents 

Chair and principal contributor 
John Moores. Moores and his wife, 
Rebecca, donated $20 million 
towards the construction of the 
270,OOO-foot p·roject. 

Rainy weather conditions on the 
day of the event forced organizers to 
hold the ceremony inside a 
malceshift tent. The bad weather, 
however, did not deter the high spir-
its of the proud university officials. 

"In most parts of the country, a 

Sa CANCEl. Page 3 

said. "H e has been a very good 
frie nd of UCSD over the years. 
He's going to come back and pick 
and choose what he wants to do." 

Among his many accomplish-
ments, Atkinson will be remem-
bered for the landmark reforms he 
ininated in the admissions process 
and the tremendous growth that 
he has brought to the UC system 
over the past seven years. 

"[Atkinson I had a remarkable 
ca reer that included 15 years at 
U CSD and his tenure with the 
U C system," said UCSD Vice 
C hancellor of External Relations 
Ja mes Langley. "He made truly 
significa nt reforms that o nl y 
someone with his background and 
stanlre could have done ." 

His accomplishments have not 
gone unnoticed by Ca lifornia Gov. 
G ray Davis, who issued a state-
ment on Nov. 13 regarding 
Atkinson's retirement. 

"Dick Atkinson ranks among 
the most outstanding presidents 
the University of California has 
ever had," Davis stated. "[Atkinson] 

opened wide the doors to a world-
class university education for an 
entire generation of diverse and tal-
ented Californi:: students. Under 
his tenure, UC enrollment 
increased by 30,000 students. Nine 
existing campuses were expanded 
and improved upon, and ground 
has been broken for a historic 10th 
campus in Merced." 

Among Atkinson's achieve-
ments while in office included the 
rescinding of Standing Policy I, 
the UC Board of Regents resolu-
tion that eliminated consideration 
of race and ethnicity in the UC 
ad missions process;· the imple-
mentation of the Eligibility in the 
Local Context program and the 
Dual Admissions Program; and a 
catalyst for changes made to the 
SAT, something that Atkinson was 
very vocal about. 

As for the remainder of his 
time in office, Atkinson has placed 
a high priority on maintaining the 
high standards that the UC system 

See ATKINSON, Page 3 

Dynegy 
C ompany 
accused of 
Enron~type 

practIces 
By THOMAS NEELEY 

Associate News Editor 

The .S . District COllrt named 
the Univers ity of CalifornIa a the 
lead plaintifr'agalllst Dynel,'Y Inc.. 
the embattled Houston-based nat-
ural gas and energy company, on 
Oct. 28. 

UCSD allocated $56.9 
million from Prop. 47 

The suit charges that Dynegy 
and its bankers misrepresented the 
financial state of the company by 
disguising loans as commodities 
transactions. The University of 
California alleges that the money 
received by these loans was coun ted 
as income to hide the magnitude of 
the company's debt. This allegation 
is si milar to charges levied against 
Enron Corp., against which the 
University of California was named 
lead-plaintiff on Feb. 15. 

T he uit also accuses Dynegy of 
engaging in "round-trip" trades 
and "ricochet trades," methods in 
which the company swaps electric-
ity with other eneT/,'Y traders that 
are designed to I ncrease the 
appearance and volume of electnc-
ity trading by the company. 

Measure gives $3 45 million 
a year for two years to UC 
By THOMAS NEELEY 
Associate News Editor 

With the passage o f 
Proposition 47, UCSD will be 
receiving $56.9 million over the 
next two years for construction 
and renovarion projects, accord-
ing to preliminary estimates by 
the University of California. 

Voters approved the proposi-
tion , also known as the 
Kindergarten-University Public 
Education Facilities Bond Act of 
2002, 59 percent to 41 percent. 
T he proposition allows the state 
to issue up to $13 billion of gen-
eral obligation bonds for con-
struction and renovation of K-
12 school and higher education 
facilities. 

A spokesman for the 
University of California said the 
university system will receive 
about $345 million a year for two 
years for capital outlay projects. 
This proposition will be fol-
lowed by another similar bond 
measure that will authorize $12.3 
billion to be placed on the March 
2004 election ballot and will 
allow a number of the projects 
started with money from the first 
bond measure to be completed. 
The final allocations per campus 

have yet to be completed. 
"It will be determined in the 

coming mpnths," the spokesman 
said. 

Four of the five southern UC 
campuses were the biggest takers 
in the system, with preliminary 
two-year allocations showing UC 
Irvine receiving the most from 
the proposi tion - about $68.6 
million, followed by UCLA and 
UC Riverside. UCSD will 
receive the fourth highest prelim-
inary allocation, while UC Davis 
will received the smallest prelim-
inary allocation at $2 million. 

At UCSD, the in flux of capi-

See PROP 47, Page 7 

The niwrsltv of CalifornIa \ 
Dynegy losse tot·aled $112 .4 mIl-
lion from the 4.1 (\ mIllIon ~harc~ 
purchased between 0iov. I, ~OOO , 
and Mav 7, ~002 . The IlIVer~ltv 
of Calif~rl1la 's portfolio IS valued at 
$5 1 bi llion and includes both pen-
sion and endowment funds . 

"We fe lt that with the sIze of 
our loss and the expertIse that we 
have and the resources that we 
have, that we were in the best POSI-
tion to represent all the class mem -
bers and be in posiuon to seck a 
significant recovery, " sa Id UC 
spokesperson Trey Davis. 

T he university is not seeking a 
set dollar amount in the suit. 

See DYNEGY, Page 7 

WEATHER SPOKEN SURF 
.. ~~ ~, J~ "It also is time ." far REPORT {{ ~ . • 11" 

my grandchildren to ~,. , 11/14 
Nov. 14 Nov. 15 · 

see more of their 6.18 a.m.: 4.97 feel 12:24 p.m.: 1 64 feet H 76 L53 H eo L 51 6:01 pm.: 4.29 feel 
{~ grandfather. " 
_ "f 

- Richard c. Atkinson, 
11/15 

6:43 a.rn: 5.25 feet 
New 16 Nov. 17 University of Cllifornia 1:00 p.m.: 1.11 feel 

H 72 L~9 H69L50 PNsident 6:47 p.m.: 4.3 t feet 



2 NEW THE UCSD GUARDIAN THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 14, ZOO2 

BRIEFLY 
Jacobs School predicts 
disease based on DNA 
A computer model was used to predict 

vanatlons of diseases based on an indIVId-
ual's DNA for the first time ever by a team at 
the Jacobs School of Engineering. 

Until now, most medical approaches 
have relied on statistical correlations 
between reported genetic mutations and 
occurrences of disease variants. The new 
technique actually defines the mechanism 
by which a genetic defect causes a disease 
and IS thus able to predict which genetic 
mutations will result in speCific versions of 
diseases. 

The study, led by Bemhard Palsson, is 
published in the November issue of 
Genome Research. 

AMD patients helped by 
self-management program 

A six-week self-management program 
can be beneficial for indiViduals with Vision 
loss caused by age-related macular degener-
ation, according to a team of physicians and 
researchers from the UCSD Shiley Eye 
Center and School of Medicine. 

The program, which is especially helpful 
for patients who suffer from depression as a 
result of AMD, Includes participating in a 10-
mtnute exerCIse program and developing a 
clear way to describe their disease to others. 
As a result, the researchers documented an 
Increase in self-effiCiency ana a drop in 
depression and anxiety. 

The disease IS caused by the degenera-
tion of cells and blood vessel leakage in the 
macula, which is the area of the retina 
responSible for central vision. There is 
presently no cure for the condition. 

AMD is the most common cause of 
Vision loss in older adults, affecting an esti-
mated one-in-five individuals over the age of 
65. 

Shiley Eye Center specialists we re 
prompted to develop this program based on 
other studies showing that Similar self-man-
agemen programs have successfully 
enhanced the quality of life in patients with 
other incu rable chronic conditions, such as 
heart disease and cancer. 

The results of the study are reported in 
the November Archives of Ophthamology. 

Josh Crouse Editor in Chief 
lauren I, Coartney Manl,in, Editors 

Charlie Tran 
Carrie Elizabeth Sklar Copy Editor 

Evan Mclaughlin News Editor 
Thomas Neeley Associate News Editor 

Claire J. Vannette Opinion Editor 
Jessica lingel Associate Opinion Editors 
Daniel Watts 

Anu Kumar Sports Editor 
Lindsay Boyd Features Editor 

Parisa Baharian Associate Features Editor 
Rinaldo Dorman Hiatus Editor 

Anne Cong-Huyen Associate Hiatus Editors 
Mara Evans 

Tyler Huff Photo U'ltot • 
Kenrkk Leung Graphics Editor 
Zhi-Ning Liang Web Editor 

senior StAff Writers 
Dave Bynum, Ryan Darby,_Melallie Hohlfeld, 

Jessica Kruskamp, laura McGann, Carlan 
Wendler, Dana West 

PapLlyout 
Jennifer Chang. Catherine Chill, Sheena Prosser, 

Ed Wu, Mark Zabala 
CopyRuciers 

Mather Martin, Grant Schrader; Jennifer Sposito, 
Jeffrey \\hite . 

Photogr.pIIers 
Adam 8redder, Rebecca Drexler, Set!ma Dugga~ 
Sierra Fisk, Ttbora Girczyc-Blum. R«hei A. Garcia. 
Kimberly Hughes, Hana Hsu, Stu IIer, Diana KwoIr. 

UCSD ranks fourth among 
research universities 

In a recent report examining the impact 
of research at the top 100 fede rally funded 
research universities, UCSD was ranked 
fourth in the nation from 1997 to 200 1 by 
the Institute for Scientific Information. 

By examining both the number of 
research papers produced at the universities 
and the amount of citations they gamered, 
the report ranks the schools in 21 fields in the 
biological, physical and social sciences. Of 
those 21 fields, UCSD ranked highly in clinical 
medicine (second), pharmacology (third), 
molecular biology and genetics (fourth), plant 
and animal sciences (third), chemistry (fifth), 
biology and biochemistry (eighth), geo-
sciences (seventh), computer science (10th), 
and psychology and psychiatry (10th). 

In terms cif the number of citations with-
in the 21 fields, UCSD tied Massachusetts 
Institute of Technology with nine appear-
ances, preceded by Harvard University with 
15 appearances and Stanford University with 
11. Yale Un iversity, UC Berkeley and 
Columbia University followed UCSD with 
eight. 

The top "highest impact" university was 
Harvard, followed by Stanford and MIT. The 
ranki ngs are reported in the fall edition of 
Science Watch. 

MarshaliPaloola! to kick off 
Thurgood Marshall Week 
Thurgood Marshall Week will kick off on 

Nov. 15 with Marshali Palooza from noon to 
10 p.m. on Marshall Field. 

Events will continue Nov. 18 when the 
Dean's Casual Forum will offer free burgers 
and cake from 11 :30 a.m. to 12:30 p.m. in 
front of the Thursood Marshall College 
Administration Build ing. 

The following day will feature the Preuss 
School Student Day of Service from noon to 
3 p.m. in Oceanview Terrace. On Nov. 20, 
the U.s. Postal Service Justice Marshall com-
memorative stamp will be unveiled in Price 
Center Plaza from noon to 1 p.m. 

On Nov. 21 , the final day of festivities, 
Randall Kennedy, an author and former law 
clerk to Justice Marshall, wi ll give a speech 
titled 'The Greatness of Thu rgood Marshall" 
at 8 p.m. 

lyon liew, Anna Mad.1urdo, Jake Mumm, Ana Rios, 
David Safford, Sarah Stauch 

Illustrators 
Eugene Gauran, Monica Hui, Julie Kim, Pat Leung. 
Mac Nguyen, I(athleen Panga n, Dan Zembrosky 

Pamela Fruge Busille$s Manacer 
Michael Foulks Advertising Manlcer 
Mike Martinez Advertising Art Director 

Business Assistants 
Emilee Sdlumer, Shira Stanton 

Advertising Assistant 
Kimberly Hopkinson 

Network Administrator 
True Xiong 

Advertlsinl Desiln and Layout 
Nick Silva 

Clrculltlon . 
James Hua, Chris Speirs, Kim Hopkinson, 

John Healey 
The UCSD Q/(rdiIn is pUllisMd Mond¥ and TIvsdays 
~ the ICIcIIr/tic year I¥ '"'" tor the ....... 01 UCSO. 

~~tItis ~in ""flam, ooheIher" 
...tlOIe I)<il pert, wiCI1!M ~ is _~ C 
2002, .. ~ -..ed. lite IJCSD c..c.d'dII " I1Q( ...-. 
s.bIe tor t>e .-.m of UlSOIciII!d INI1USCripG at lilt 'II\e 

_~ ~<b"", necesSIriy~the 
opir1ions d I'M UCSD~, the ~ 01 
C<tIifpmia Of Amci«ed SUle<ts. 1/Ie VCSt> Wordior/" 
funded 5CIIelv by ~ Did you "'- • hos 'tIIamin 
C. ~ one! potiIein irJ iG 

Generli Editorial: 858-514-6581 
News and Features: 858-534-5226 

Opinion. Spor1J, Photo: 858-5~S82 
Hiatus: 8S8-S:JiH;583 

AcMrtisiI1I Office; 858-534-3466 
Fa: '.'54-7111 

E-fr/GI: ~dgtH¥di-g 
...... , .. ......." 

"'e UCSD ClHlnJlfln 
9500 GUllNln Dr. 0316, 

a.. IoU., CA 92093-0316 
ActuallocMioo; Second Floor. ucso 
SIucIent CenIIr IIUIdrla A. Am. 217 

ETCETERA ••• 

AVOID 
TIiESt ELvEs 

~~~~ ~ ~ \~ ~ 
~\C~~ S\.IM~ \(.~NN~ ~o~ ToXIC. WA'''!''E.~ 

O\L~ 

~ 
~ 

A·.S. COUNCIL AT A GLANCE 
A.S. Council Meeting #13 

Nov. 13, 2002 

Re orts 

A.S_ President Jenn Brown 
Brown reported that she met with the 

Chancellor 's Advisory Committee on the 
Status of Women last week. The committee 
agreed to draft a letter, proposing that 
Chancellor Dynes show support for the 
equality of women on the UCSD campus 
through T ide IX. The letter will urge the 
chancellor to send a letter to U.S. President 
George W. Bush in support of Title IX. 

Brown reported that she will be presenting 
two new A.S. Council committees, which wi ll 
address me A.S. budget and the A.S. constitu-
tion, respectively. 

The committee on the budget will discuss 
a possible activity fee increase, while the con-
stirution committee will address constitution 
changes that mi ght need to be made. The two 
commi ttees Brown is proposing arc being cre-
ated to "better serve the student body, " she 
said . 

Brown reported that the Student Initiated 
Outreach and Recruitment Committee, 
which ini tia ll y lost its sta te-funded budget 
thi s year, will be receiving an allocation of 
$1 00,000. Vice Chancellor of Student Affairs 
J oesph Watson is scheduled to provide the 
money within the next two weeks. 

Brown reported that she has started work-
ing on transfer student issues. Brown propos-
es that the All-Campus Transfer Association 
become a commission of the A.S. Council. A 
copy of a constitution for the commission is 
curren tly in draft form and will be presented 
to the A.S , Council for discussion soon. -

Commissioner of Academic Affairs Halle 
Beitollahi 

Beitollahi reported that she is currently 
working on a project that is "something good 
and exciting," but she did not say what the 
report entailed . 

Commissioner of Athletics Robin Shelton 
Shelton reported that he will soon have an 

official, written stance on Title IX. 
helton reported ·that 40 people attended 

the road-trip voll eyball game to San 
Bernadino, Calif. Although UCSD lost, 
Shelton reported that "the trip went well." 

Shelton said mat he is looking into putting 
on a fireworks show at Spirit Night in con-
junction with the Triton Tide budget. 

Commissioner of Communications 
Navneet Grewal 

Grewal reported that all seniors interested 
should have their pictures taken for the EI Sol 
Senior Yearbook. It costs $1 5 to be both pho-
tographed and receive a copy of the yearbook. 

Commissioner of Progra mming Gabe 
Grossman 

Grossman reported that the program-
ming office is working on WinrerFes t and is 
beginning to talk about bands for Sun God. 
Band suggestions can be e-mailed ro the pro-
gramming office at 0sp,·ogrt17I11ni,1g@lI fJd.rd" 
or arjfstival.r@lIO'd.edu. 

Vice President Internal Kevin Hsu rec-
ommended the Foo Fighters. 

Senate Chair Corinne Hart 
Hart reported that there will be vans leav-

ing promptly at 8 a.m. from the Sun God on 
Nov. 20 for a protest in favor ofTicle IX to be 
held outside of a Title IX hearing. All those 
interested in participating are encouraged to 
attend. Free T-shirts and buttons will be 
given to all participants. 

Old Business 
Item Ii 

Appointment of GaI'O BO/Wllotiflll £1.1' tbr /I('W 
u1Idr'-grl1duotc studmt I'tp"cselllotiv(' to tbe 
Admissions C07llmittee. 

Tabled. 
Controversy rose during a discllssion as to 

whether or not Bournatian should be appoint-
ed to the position. Members of council ques-
tioned whether or not he should be given the 
position, as well as his sta nce on the changi ng 
admissions process . 

Brown wants to know Bournatian 's 
stance on comprehensive review betore he 
is approved for [he position. Desiree 
Jabson, sophomore senator at Eleanor 
Roosevelt College, said she would endorse 
him for the position, but noted that he is 
"super busy." 

Beitollahi nominated Boumatian for clle 
position after interviewing him and reviewing 
his application. She said that he held the posi-
tion last ~ear and was me only one who applied. 

The mternal committee, a committee of 
senators, will interview Bournatian before he 
is approved or denied. Beitollahi asked that 
council members e-mail her questions they 

wan~ to as~ him so that he can be prepared for 
the mtemew. 

- Compiled by Laura McGann 
Srnior StIlff Wrir" 

THURS()AY, NOVEMBER 14, 2002 THE UCSD GUARDIAN NEWS 

Local artists take art to digital 
level at Grove Gallery showcase 

D-5 artists show off computerized 
masterpieces at Nov. 9 presentation 

By DANIEL BROWN 
Contributing Writer 

The Digital 5 art troupe prese nted ItS 
'l\'ant-garde projects tCJ comillunity art fans 
'lI1d UC:SD ~tlldcnrs :ll the Grove Caffe on 
Nov. 9. 

Pieces by JO'1I1 Everds, Tiger Lee, Greg 
Klann, ,~I ichac l Peters and 0-5 founder 
Sre.:phcn Burns were on display at the event. 

\Vhile the art styles of 0 -5 remai n as 
diverse as the group's ethnicities, 0 -5 is 
united in the common gual of artistic 
expre,sion via computer technology. As its 
namc suggests, all the works done by 0 -5 
enhance phorographic images on the com-
puter, pushing the limits of art beyond the 
canvas and into the modern digital realm. 

"We arc closing the gap between tech-
nology and art," said Burns, whose recent 
work, "Digital Ecstasy," is on display in ilie 
,rove Caffe. "It's taken years to be able to 

work with rechnology like a pai nter." 

Diana Kwok/Guordion 
Art talk: 0 -5 artist Michael Peters shares 
insight on his exhibit with an enthusiast. 

Burns refe rs to this new style of digi tal -
ly generated art as "chrome all us ions." All 
Clrtwork by the grou p is currentl y done on 
Photoshop; however, they are currently 
working to get a newer program made that 
CCln better adhere to their artistic needs. 

Burns, who is also president of [he San 
Diego and North County chapters of the 
Adobe Photoshop User Group, construct-
ed 0 -5 with hopes of forming a diverse 
group of arti sts ta lented enough ro push 3rt 
toward its next level. 

The artists of D-'i all have dIffering 
,tyles. Klamt refers to his work as being 
fro II I J self-created school of "techno-
organic phoro surrealism." Lee encompass-
e, her gothic ami science fiction fantasies 
into her art, and Peters' work i fi ll ed with 
psychedelic colors achieved through digital 
lIlanipul:lti()n, creating bus)' abstract scenes 
to the point where the photo it elf is no 
longer apparent. E\'erds aims to represent 
everyday items wi th her black and white 
art. 

All artists in the group have each had 
experience wicll Photoshop prior to gelting 
involved wi th digi tal art. Ilowever, their 
artwork is not aimed :It using the computer 
to create new digital images . 

"There is confortntry to digital deSIgn 
- it is crratcd to sell a product and ta rget 
a massive audience," Peters said. "Digital 
an is a fo rm of expressioll :lnd voice with 
nothing in mind but the art itself." 

T he 0 -5 exhibit will remai n on display at 
tlle Grove Caffe lffitil No,'. 27 . T he gallery is 
open from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m, Tuesday to 
Friday, and from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. on 
Saturday. Admission is free. For more infor-
mation about clle exhibit ca ll (fl5H) 534-202 1. 

WHY RENT? BUY! 
"Our son Todd told us "bout Tob/ll <lnd we 
1Il1llJedl<ltely c"/k'd him to help us (ind d place. 
Wt' "t'W e>.tremC'/1' pll.'.15eri wllh 1* ViI<I 
knowledge o( the ,"I'd ilnd hi, calf! (ur 'Jfl·t)'. 
We sent Tollin out w,th Todn to (I/1n .1 pldCI', 

,l/Iri 7i)iJin diri.ln JIV('some job. He has 6""11 eXlielJlely help(ul, d/lri is 
d/ways there (or you! We trustl'ri him 10 filld " place o( our SOli anri so 
sh()uld yuu.· - Sheldoll & ara AIIII Schenvin 

HAVE YOU R PARENTS CALL TODAY 
AND INVEST IN A CONDO! 

You can: • Rent the extra rooms to your fricnds ... 
• Use the rent money to pay for the mortgage ... 
• You livc ;11 the condo for FREE, and ... 
• ... your parents ca n w rite off the interest on the mortgage! 

TOBIN 
One of U SO's finest IS 

also a 1999 SDAR@ 
Realror@ of the Year 

Nominee! 

Have your parents ca ll Tobin today at 

9988 Hilbert SIre91, 519100, San Diego, CA 92131 
Each office is ndependenlly owned and operaled 

(858)637-0609 
e·mail:Finestrealtor@hotmail.com 

Special Egg 
Donor Needed! 

Compensation Starts at $8500 
Intelligent & Loving couple is looking for a 

special woman to help them achieve their dreams 
of having a child_ Ideal candidate would be: 

5'6" or taller, light eyes, Blonde/Lt. Brown hair, 
SAT score 1260 or higher, (or ACT 28 or higher), 
Caucasian with a caring/altruistic personality. 

If you feel you are the right candidate for this 
couple, please visit our website : 

CreativeConception.net and then contact 
Creative Conception, Inc. at (888) 411-3447. 

:I!.":I·· •• N' ·"·.'D'·' ..... 
11)::. .- ', .. ' 

... · kO~~mole$ 
· Books " j~~ ' 

Deak 
Computers. 

Gasses 
Tutors 

· KentQ~ 
Bikes 
(or5 
Sluff 

Guardimt 
Classifi8ds 

uP.S1airs Dbove 
ihe General 
· Store. 

Cancer: Tarin optimistic disea e 
will be conquered at new facility 

continued frum page 1 
foggy and rainy day like today would be an 
ominous sign," Arkinson said. "But in San 
Diego, where we never havc rain, I think this 
is the best forccast we could have for the 
flltllre of our city." 

Atkinson, who played an integral pan in 
the cancer center's development a~ both 
U 'D's ch:lI1(clior and the UC president, 
refl ected un the history uf the center ', 
PI' gress. 

"Vlhcn I camc to UCSD in 19RO a the 
chancellor, there was a long list of issue, [() 
be dea lt with and at the top of the list was the 
newly est1blished ca ncer center," Atkinson 
aid. "'loday we arc rea li zing a dream tha t 

has very much heen the focus of the uni \'er-
sity for some numbcr of yea rs." 

Dynes also spoke abollt the university'S 
efforts to develop a ca ncer center in a CO \11 -
munity that has made biological advance-
ments a staple to its communi ty. Today, San 
Diego houses more than 200 biotechnolo!,'Y 
companies as well as research entities such as 
the Burnham Center for Cancer Research, 
The Scripp Research Institute and the Salk 
Institute. 

"Over the past 20 years, San Diego 
emerged as a center for scientifi c frui tion and 
has since had a phenomenal record in biotech-
nology and life sciences," Dynes aid . "We in 
San Diego have shared cl1is dream that CSD 

deserved a world-cbs. cancer research cemer." 
T he UCSD Cancer Center wa, foullllc.:d ill 

1979 and did not c~tahli;h a ccntral OpcLltll1g 
locaLion until 1983 whcn the Clldred ClIlccr 
Ccnter WJS opened In Hillcre'l. SIIlCC rheIl, It 
has attained the NCI\ Ill ~he't dC~lgn.llIoll .1'.1 
comprehenslvc canc.:r (cllter, Illdlllllg th.1t It 
provide> oUlpatient, CdllC.llIolul alld ourre.lelt 
,ervice~ in addiullll to dllllcal re,e.trlh 

The new cann.:r ('elller ral'liitl. tCt he 
completed ill thc f.tli of 2004, wtll I;c p.m 01 
a ,cience p ~l rk to be located un 1-'."1 C:'IIllPll' 
Atkinson 5:\1(1 th ,1t the co.t! of the ,nell,,· 
park IS to pro\'lde ".1 c11'I,e IlltCr.lCllon II Itlt 
corporate dll'i,inm, tllClr ,cientlS[, 'Illd till' 
scientists at the u nl\·e.:rsi 1\'. " 

The new building, u; be constructed b\ 
McClrthy Building Compallie ' , \\~II he IOClt-
cd souclleast of the CSD Thorntoll II ()'II)[,II 
on East Campus. The st.llc-of-cllC-.ll't Ltclht) 
wi ll be comprised ()f twO ,tructure" a threc-
tory cli nical scrvicc and "dmini,trali"e Etclh-

ty, and a five-story research tower houslI1g th~ 
Katzin Research Laooratoric:.. 

David T:lrin, director of the UCSD Cancer 
Center, said that he is very optimism: that the 
new faci lirv wi ll host some of cllC wurld 's most 
significant' advancements agamst cancer. 

"This bui lding will enable the.: lIeSD 
Cancer Center to make a landmark con tri -
bution to mat nuble cause," Tarin ,aili. "\\'c 
will conquer thIS disca,e." 

Atkinson: UC Pres. served 7 year 
cUllIinJ(ed from page 1 

has grown accustomed [() having. He alsu 
would like to contll1l1e to lead the char!{e in 
driving the re earch in the UC syste;n to 
serve the population of California . 

"It is not the presidenr who is solcly, or 
even chietly, responsible for the e achieve-
ments," Atkinson said. "It is the Ulu\'er,irv uf 
California colllmllllity - the Regents, fac~llty, 
staff, students, p:trents, alumni alld friend, of 

cl1e uluversilV. And that IS wh , cvell III .1 IIllle 
of budget 1I1;certainty once ai.li ll , I .11ll wllli-
dent III clle unJ\'crsiw', contlnucd vital It ..... " 

Someune who C.I;l JIl.II1.lge the l 'C ~) " I<':11l 
in a time or hllligel ,honf:lll will he anl(lI1g the 
characteristi c,> cllat the \{C!{cnts ,carch CIlIlI-
mittec WIlIluok fur in the Il~xt year whlle c()n-
ducting a nationa l search i'or ,\tl .. lINln " 
rcpl ,lCemellt. The cOl11l1l ince \\,111 '(JOll hI.: 
appointcd by Regents Ch:ll\' John ,\ IOIIJ c,. 

Poetry Slamrn 
is a poetry competition 
that provides an open 
outlet for YOUR VOICE 

TO BE HEARD! 



OPINION 
Horse's Mouth 

What use are letters about the 
endlessly complex situation in Israel? 
What good is a $5 buHet if you have 

to make the food for yourself? 

THURSDAY 
OCTOBER 14. 2002 

EDITORIAL 
Josh Crouse, Evan MCLaughlin, 
Editor In Chief News Editor 

Lauren I. Coartney, Claire J. Vannette, 
Monogmg Editor Opinion Editor 

Charlie Tran, carrie Elizabeth Sklar, 
Managmg Editor Copy Editor 

Lindsay Boyd, 
Features Editor 

The UCSO Guardian IS published tWice a week at the University of 
California at San DIego. Contents (c) 2002. Vi~ expressed herein 

represent the malorlty vote of the editOrial board and are not necessar· 
Ily those of the UC Board of Regents, the ASUCSD or the members of 

the Guardian staff 

Endorsement of 
unisex bathrooms 
an unwise decision 

.S. COWlcil unanimously approved a res-
olution in favor of w1isex bathrooms on cam-
pus during its Nov. 6 meeting. With the res-
olution coming soon after similar resolutions 
were passed at UC Berkeley and UCLA, it 
seems as if UCSD's council jumped on the 
bandwagon before carefully conSIdering the 
ramifications of the position it supponed, 

The resolution claims gender-specific 
bathrooms are bad for UCSD, advocating 
the construction of unisex bathrooms in all 
new buildings and the conversion of current 
single-stall oathrooms to Wlisex bathrooms. 

Unisex bathrooms, their supporters argue, 
are good for transgendered inaividuals who 
feel Wlcomfortable choosing a gender-specif-
ic restroom. However, these bathrooms have 
the potential to single them out as different: 
Transgendered indIviduals would be subject 
to more scrutiny by passing up gendered 
bathrooms en route to a unisex stall, ol?ening 
themselves up to more ridicule than If they 
went into a gendered bathroom. 

They also argue that the bathrooms would 
benefit parents with children of the opposite 
gender; for example, a woman with a 7 year-
old son who may not be comfortable with 
taking the boy into a women's bathroom but 
cannot accompany him into a men's bath-
room. However, the number of people on a 
college campus in such a situation is small. 

This resolution also has the potential to 
do harm to a large ponion of UCSD stu-
dents. Since the ul1lversity is required by 
law to provide a certain number of stalls per 
square foot of building space, it would fol-
low that the unisex bathrooms the resolu-
tion says should be built in new buildings 
would have to be installed in addition to 
existing gendered bathrooms. 

Plwnoing new bathrooms is expensive, so 
that cost - most likely passed onto students 
- will go up; and the space taken up by the 
unisex bathrooms can potentially take away 
from classroom space. 

In short, this resolution was hastily 
passed in order to follow the hyper-individ-
ualistic trend of a society that IS increasing-
ly - perhaps overly - sensitive to gender 
issues. The interests of the entire student 
body were not considered. Even the select 
few that this proposal claims to help stand 
to lose from this resolution. 

PROPS &' FLOPS 
D Speak out: Props to heated I campus debate about abortion - and other important issues. 

Construction: Props to the D 
pending implementation of Prop. _ I 

47, which 'Nil! help UCSD. ' 

page 5 4 

Pat Leung/Guardian 

Pelosi would bring Democrats back to left 
Party would benefit from more opposition to Republicans 

By JESSICA LlNGEL 
Associate Opinion Editor 

Lately, congresswoman Nancy Pelosi 
has been no stranger to criricism from 
conservatives on Capitol Hill. They say 
that she's too liberal and that she won't 
be able to do her job because of it. They 
say that she's too far to the left - too far 
from the moderate mainstay that has 
become the norm of the Democratic 
Party. Conservatives and moderates 
across the board are lining up with accu-
sations of the dangers of her polarizing 
ability. But all of that is a tnisinterpreta-
tion of what could be the best thing to 
come out of a dismal midterm election 
for the Democraric Party. 

When Dick Gephardt (D-Mo.) told 
fellow Democrats on Nov. 7 that he 
would step down as tile party's House 
leader, it put Pelosi on the brink of 
becoming the first woman to serve as 
party leader in Congress. She's already 
the highest-ranking woman in the histo-
ty of U.S. Congress, serving as the 
minority whip. She's gained respect by 
winning every consecutive election for 
California 5 eighth congressional district 
since she was first elected in 1987. She's 
already earned a reputation for running 
a collegial whip operation, recruiting 
Democrats from across the spectnlm to 
sway rank-and-fi le lawmakers and 
round up votes on behalf of the party. 

And she's the favori te to win. 
It isn't just gender that makes Pelosi 

an exciting candidate. It isn't just histo-
ry that will be made if she wins this 
election - it's also the chance to shat-
ter a stalemate of overly politicized 
persuasions that have kept the party 
deadlocked and incapable of action. 
Pelosi is about as liberal as a Democrat 
can be these days, and she has the polit-
ical background to support her stances. 

Pelosi appeals to a variety of people 
across demographic categories. Being 
the first woman to serve as a congres-
ional intermediary between the presi-

dent and the Capitol ha won over 
handful of women voters. Shes an 
Italtan-Al11en can with five children and 
five grandchildren. Pelosi 's alltes P01l1t 
to her abiltty to work across partisan 

, 

• 
- ... 

NATIONAL 
lines, notably in her role as the senior 
Democrat on the House Intelligence 
Committee. She's led a charmed politi-
cal life. She was hand-picked to run for 
Congress by the dying Rep. Sala 
Burton, whose seat Pelosi WOIl in a spe-
cial election in 1987, and she hasn't lost 
an election since. 

In addition to representing San 
Francisco for the past 15 years (which is 
all the reason most conservatives need 
for labeling her an inexcusable leftist), 
Pelosi has cast votes against the resolu-
tion authorizing the use of force in Iraq 
and in support of domestic initiarives, 
such as needle exchange programs for 
intravenous drug users aimed at stop-
ping the spread of HIV and AIDS. 

'I1Us is exactly what the Democrats 
need, If there's one thing that the 
Democratic Party has been able to 
prove during the recent midterm elec-
tion, it's that it lacks leadership. It's a 
party that's stratified by different levels 
of liberalism, divided among itself 
regarding the best method of getting 
anything constnlctive done in a time 
when somethi ng really need to be 
achieved as far as the leftist agenda goes. 

The criticisms regarding Pelosi being 
too far to the left are really her greatest 
a ets as a leader capable of unifyrng the 
liberal ide of Capitol Hill back 1I1 tO 
what it should have been all along: libcr-

al. Pelosi may bring her party back to the 
left, to snap them out of the mind-
nwnbing bickering that has kept the 
Democrats from using the political 
power that they lost in this past midtenn 
election. They had evety chance to crit-
icize and complain, every chance to 
mobilize against a president who stnlg-
gles to form complete sentences. 
Instead, they deliberated and debated 
without achieving a damn thing. 

That isn't to say that a full-on polit-
ical war would have been merited (think 
back to when Newt Gingrich shut down 
Washington for a week or so in 1995 
and the melee that ensued), but the 
Democratic Party proved completely 
ineffective in capitalizing on one oppor-
tunity after another to voice some real 
concern over the Bush administration's 
latest political shenanigans. 

Some say that nothing important 
happens when elections are approach-
ing - except maybe retaining control 
of the Senate. The reason that 
Democrats lost the only branch of 
office that was Ii beral was a lack of 
leadership . Certainly a president with 
disturbingly high approval ratings 
doesn't help - but neither does a lack 
of cohesiveness in one's own party. 

Pelosi isn't likely to be a cure-all for 
partisan politics. To some extent, tile 
conservatives are right - it might be 
politically smarter to have someone 
lead the Democrats who's a little more 
moderate, a li ttle more capable of lend-
ing him- or herself to either side of the 
political see-saw, and a little more 
lenient when if comes to playing both 
sides of the partisan stnlggle. But the 
same steadfast adherence to a liberal 
platform that has conservatives smirk-
ing at the likelihood of alienating mod -
erates could be just what the 
Democrats need in order to form a 
politically active unit . 

Even if Pelosi is ultimately unable 
to reach Ollt to the right, she just might 
bc able to reach out to the left. She just 
might be able to gather enough liberals 
together and crea te a . olid poli tical 
agenda. She Just might be the best 
thlllg that happened to the Democratic 
Party in a long, I ng timc. 

TI!UR~IlAY, NOVEMBER 14, 1001 

LmERS TO THE EDITOR 
Student apathy absent 
from abortion debate 

Editor: 
Last Wednesday I discovered 

something remarkable: UCSD stu-
dents are not as apathetic as they 
seem. [ spent last Wednesday night 
wi th a group of students who were 
deeply passionate about their 
beliefs and willing to light for them. 
The remarkable event I arrended 
was a presentation by Serrin Foster, 
president of Feminists for Life. 

J fOlll1d Fosters speech to be 
interesting. However, even more 
exciting was the fiery question-and-
answer session that followed . Let me 
assure you that everyone in that 
room was deeply engaged in the dia-
logue, which ranged in emotion 
from supportive to enraged. 
Although the abortion issue deeply 
and irreparably divided the audi-
ence, everyone seemed to agree on 
one thing: Many of the circum-
stances that cause women to seek 
abortions are injustices. Although 
some women may choose abortion 
freely, many do not. Some are pres-
sured by a mate or difficult financial 
circumstances. Others lack the sup-
port from their workplace or educa-
tional insritution that would make 
going through with the pregnancy a 
viable option. The lack of autonomy 
and freedom that such coercion 
reflects is unfo rtunate. 

Many who would disagree with 
my stance on abortion would agree 
with me on this: It is simply wrong 
if women are forced by circum-
stances to end their pregnancies 
because their peers did not makt' 
help and su pport available to them. 

At the end of her speech, Foster 
proposed that UCSD students bring 
administrators and community 
resources together to help such 
women in a Pregnancy Resource 
Forum. The forum would organize 
on-campus resources for women 
who wish to go through with their 
pregnancies and also educate them 
about off-campus resources. No 
UCSD student should be unjustly 
forced to choose between having a 
child and finishing college. We as a 
community must make more 

options avai lable to pregnant stu-
dents and snldents with child ren. 

I hope that for once, members of 
the anti-abortion and abortion-
rights communities can put their dif-
ferences aside, not because those dif-
ferences are unimportant, but 
because together real change on this 
campus could be enacted. A 
Pregnancy Resource FOnlm would 
not be about abortion-rights or anti-
abortion politics; it would be about 
doing what we could to help those 
women who want to go through 
with their pregnancies but cannot 
without our help and support. 

- Emily Min 
UCSD J'tlldmt 

Youth Vote secured 
many student votes 

Editor: 
Regarding your article, "Students 

vote in Calif. elecrion," (Oct. 7) I 
would like to include some addirion-
al information. While it is true that 
only about 500 people voted at the 
Price Center and at Muir, that was 
only the votes of freshmen who live 
on campus. YouthVote was success-
ful in registering 1,500 students at 
UCSD, and statewide, Youth Vote 
was able to register 40,000 students 
to vote. While we can't easily know 
how many off-campus students 
voted in the election, it is safe to say 
that it was more than 500. 

Strengthening the smdent voice 
in the political process has always 
been the goal of the Youth Vote cam-
pai!;!!. In that sense, the campaign 
did not end on Elecrion Day. 
Increasing the participation of 
young people will be a long process 
where the leaders of tomorrow will 
be born and tested. Government 
policies reflect the wishes of the peo-
ple that vote in elections. By not vot-
ing, students are abdicating their 
voices in national politics at a time 
when the choices that their repre-
sentarives make will increasingly be 
impacting students' voices. 

- Christopher Draper 
CalPIRG YouthVote Campaign Co-

Coordinator 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN 01'1 In 

UCSD should mandate exercise 
Israeli government falls apart, as do sleeping habits 

horse's 
mouth 

EdWu 

A few physics majors and I took a break from e1ec-tromagnetics last week to 
shoot some hoops at the John 
Muir College basketball courts 
before hoppi ng over to the 
Chinese American Student 
Association's dumpling night. 
First, a few observations: 

I. The new backboards on the 
outdoor basketball courts are 
lovely, and the nets look fresh and 
new even this late in the quarter. 
It is a comfort that our undergrad-
uate fees are going to something 
tangible and dubiously worth-
while. 

2. CASA dumpling night was 
one of the more disappointing 
experiences of this writer's life. 
Not only were the dumplings 
slow in coming from the kitchen, 
but after paying $5 in admission 
for "all-you-can-ea t dumplings," 
attendees were duped into making 
the dumplings themselves by plac-
ing meat in dough. While this 
writer is all for cultural awareness 
in food preparation, he'd sooner 
just be fed for his $5. At least the 
dumplings were good (i n spite of 
being shoddily constructed). 

3. Physics majors are laughably 
uncoordinated. 

4. Apparently, the "Four out of 
five UCSD guys aren't pressured 
into sex" posters have yet to be 
removed, in spite of the fact that 
most of tile campus population 
views them as naive and the only 
argument they advocate is, "do it 
because everyone else is." 

However, as ludicrous as 
UCSD students may look exercis-
ing (or having sex), there can be 
little doubt about either the value 
of physical activity or how little 
many UCSD students get of it 
(exercise, not sex). 

Case Western Reserve 
University in Cleveland has a 
mandatory one-unit physical edu-
cation requirement that can be 
fulfilled in any number of ways; 
one would surmise that forcing 
the sloth-like elements of UCSD's 
undergraduate population to 

intramural games, or fencing, or 
dancing once a week would go a 
long way in forcing a segment of 
the campus population away from 
the standard recreational activity 
of Counter-Srrike. 

If for nothing else, UCSD stu-
dents need to work off all the calo-
ries from the beer they 're drinking 
- in preparation, it seems, for not 
having sex with their dates. 

A nd in other world news besides Iraq, Israel 's gov-ernment dissolved last 
week (a bit less cataclysmic of an 
event than the phrase implies) . 
All things considered, former 
Israeli defense minister Binyarnin 
Ben-Eliezer 's decision to draw 
the Labor Party out of the unity 
government coalition seems 

" If nothing eLse, UCSD 
students need to work 
off all the calories from 
the beer they're drinking 

- in preparation I it 
seems I for not having 
sex with their dates. " 

rather counter-productive ant! 
self-serving (for those not fo low-
ing the news, Ben-Eliezer's deci-
sion to pull Labor ou! has more 
to do with internal party politics 
than any noble purpose). Every 
indication shows that the Israeli 
population would ele ct more 
hard-liners into office who would 
make Ariel Sharon look like a 
softy. 

What does all this mean ' The 
glut of rrite and rhetorical letters 
defending the actions of either 
side of the conflict aren't going 
to stop flowing into a certain stu-
dent newspaper anytime soon . 
And for that matter, nor are the 
trite and useless articles . All 
things considered, what original 
can be said about this particular 
situation by students who under-
stand little to nothing of world 
affairs or, for that matter, any-
thing about the conflict in par-
ticular' 

, 

W hile this writer has nu particular objection to unisex bathroom~ 
on ca mpus, one wonders about 
the necessity of such J facilit), ; 
after all - airports, mall s, reSt,llI -
rants and just about every other 
public f:lcility have tw O, not 
three , different kind s of 
restrooll1s . One would pres ume 
that any students wh o might 
derive some slight henetit fro II I 
the limited number of uni!>cx 
facilities spread out over the 
immense size of thiS ca ll1pm 
would nonetheless have to 
accommodate to socierv's tan-
dards on the whole iss u ~ JIlYWJI' 
for every other part of their 'pub'-
lic life . Which leads to the 
greater is ue of asking whether 
the A . . Council has anything 
productive to do or relevant to 
say; conventional wisdom says 
little to nothing. One does 
remember the candidates making 
a great deal of fuss during the 
past election about issues like 
student parking, A.S. Council 
autonomy and 10-minute passing 
periods. 

And instead, the students of 
this university get their vOIce 
heard demanding unisex bath-
rooms. I t is useless (i f nut neces-
sari ly ill-founded) issues such as 
these that give university srudents 
the stereotype of meaningles~ 
dilettantes who study little and 

complain much. 

I f anv readers have noticed the slide in the quality of writing 
in this column, this writer cate-
gorically blames it on sleep depri-
vation . The condition does have 
its beneficial side effects; it tend 
to make this writer morc ge lllal, 
more patient and more willing to 
accept his lot in life, at the cost of 
any semblance of personality and 
quality of writing. If this writer 
were to follow the norm for what 
passes as journalism in this coun-
try to save on time, he should sim-
ply submit one word for the 
entirety of this article: "sex." 

This column stands for egalitarian 
principles. As such, all correspon-
dence (especially UCSD news 
tips) sent to e2wu@ucsdedu will 
be treated with an equal amount 
of incompetence. 

More fun tRfin tl barrers! ~ys. www.ucsdguardian.org 

University Towne Center 
4353 La Jolla Village Dr. #1424, San Diego, CA 92122 (858)455-6540 

Buy any pair of shoes' at regular price and 
receive second pair 50% off* 

·Equal 01' Ie..., value. Valid only with this coupon. UTC lacation only. Expires 1/1/03. 



I> THE UCSD GUARDIAN THURS[)AY, NOVEMBER 14 , lOOl THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 14,2002 THE UCSD GUAR[)IAN NEWS i 

Prop 47: Funding secured for two years Dynegy: Company prepared 
to 'defend itself' against UC continued fro m page 1 

tal in the comi ng months means 
sl!vernl years of anticipatory plan-
ning will begll1 to take the form of 
buildings and construction. 

"It 's all coming together al l of a 
sudden," said Brian Gregory, direc-
tor of capital planning at UCSD. 

G regory sa id that the campus' 
allocatio n will allow UCSD to 
faci litate the projected influx uf 
studen ts . Enrollment projections 
show UCSD is e.xpected to have 
20,5 10 undergraduate and 4,450 
grad uate stul enrs by the 20 10 
through 20 II academic year. 

" n average we receive the 
most I ecause we ' re going to be 
groWlI1g 50 percent and taking on 
other students," he sa id . 

T he most substantial portion 
of the allocation will go to fund 
the $24.7 millio n Pharmaceuti cal 
Sciences Building and the $ 16.3 
mi ll ion renovati on and addition to 
the Bi omedica l Library. 

Other projecrs include lll ovi ng 
the police station from near the 
Price Center to near the Mail 
Service Building o ff Voigt D rive, 
renovating the Applied Ph ysics 
and Mathematics building to 
house labs and offices for the 
deparnnents of biology, linguistics 
and ma thematics, and renovating 

and building an addition to Mayer 
Hall. 

Another project, ca ll ed the 
Student Academic Services 
Faci lity, will bring the offices of 
the cashier, bursar, regi trar, and 
other student services into one 
building, T he L -shaped building 
will go where the Eleanor 
Roo eve It College Administ ration 
building curren tly stands along 
with some of th e circa I 940s 
Camp Matthews bui ldings. 

Gregory noted that in addition 
to receiving mon ey from bond 
measures, there are two other 
ways that UCSD receives funds 
for cons truction and renova tion: 
state-a llocated funding and cam-
pus-generl ted funding. 

Bui ldings such as Engineering 
Buildi ng Unit 3B, which is stili 
being pla nned , along with 
California Institu te on 
Teleco mmun icatio ns a nd 
Information Technology fa cili-
ties and the soon-to-opcn 
Powell-Foch t Bioengineeri ng 
build ing were funded by bond 
mea sure approved by the sta te 
legislature . 

Additionally, UCSD wi ll be 
buildi n g at least one buil ding 
through funding generated by the 
campus and through debt funding. 

The building, which is stil l in plan-
ning and ca ll cd the Campus 
Multipurpose Bui lding, will include 
lecnlre halls and classrooms. It will 
be located north of the Gilman 
Drive Parking Strucnlre. 

I\t a time of shrinking endow-
ments and decreasing donations to 
American collcges and universi ti es, 
the passage of the proposition 
guarantees cllnstrllction of build-
ings necessary for the long-term 
sn ldent growth at California public 
higher education instimtions. An 
Oct. 28 all -campu e-mail signed 
bv Chancello r Robert C. D ynes 
a;1d j oel Dimsdale , the chair of the 
Academic Senate, attempted to 
make snldem voters nware of both 
Proposition 47 and its impl ications 
fo r UCSD ill particular. 

Financial suppOrt for the cam-
paign's "yes" campaign was fi.lI1ded 
primarily by architecture, construc-
tion and law firms, all o f whose 
trade will beneHt from the $13 bil -
lion building and renovation mca-
sure. 

Other major contribu to rs 
included nonprofit groups affi liated 
with California Swc University and 
University of California c:lmpuses. 

The UC groups gave money in 
support of the proposition that 
co m bined to tota l about $246,000. 

continued from paRe 1 
judge Sim Lake of the U.S. 

Distnct Court for the outhern 
District of Texas based his decision 
to name the Uni versiry of 
Ca lifornia lead phllHltl o n the 
amount of losses sustai ned by the 
university, the ability o f the univer-
sity to litigate the case on behalf of 
the shareholders, and the universi-
ty's claims, which were rypical of 
those of other class members. 

Dynegy provided a brief com-
mCIll on the suit and sign aled its 
willingness to see the case to COlirt. 

" ' Ve expected a lead plaintiff to 
be named, and Dynegy plans to 
defend itself," said David Byfo rd, ,1 
spokesman for the company. 

Dynegy, which had made a bid a 
year ago to buy rival Enron, walked 
away from the $B billion deal amid 
its own wave of accounting scan-
dals. Last year it declared bank-
ruptcy, its credit rating was lunkcd 
and stock price plummeted. On 
Ocr. 30, Dynegy posted a $1.8 bi l-
lion loss for the third quarter. 

On june 25, the university fi led 
to become lead plaintiff in th e case . 
Other investors vying to be named 
lead-plai ntiff included New York 
Hotel Trades Council and Hotel 

Associate of New York City pemllll1 
fun ds, Banknorth In\ 'e~tllH:lll 
Managemen t Group, RR% 
I nvcstlllem~ ,\ bnagclllCI1l, ' Icnnalll 
Group. Daniel Ra,cuc . Briand 
LindqUist and ,\l lchad Kvctll o)'. 

UC 1I'I11 have 60 d:II'b to fOrlllll -
late an amcnded compi'aim. l'(lmol-
idating all the l'asc~ fil ed ,Ig,llmt 
Dynegy. The judge will thcll ,CI .1 
pre-trb l schedule. 

The monetary loss for the 
Univcr~lty of C:lI;fnrnla , :i1th(lu\!h 
small in CO IllP:\l'lWIl to the em;rc 
value of its portfolio. 11l1P;ll't~ the 
ability of the univcrsll'Y to pruvl(k 
for Its :Icademle 1l1l,,1()11 :1' \\d l .1' 
fur pen'l(ll1~ lor eillployct". ,I L c: 
, POkC!oll1:111 , ,11( 1. 

The UC-Ied iaw'Ult I~ ullfei:lll!d 
to further illve~n~anoll~ c(lnducted 
bv the statc o f C;liforn la IlllO cau~­
es of thc 2000 and 20() I power CrI-
sis. On No\,. 12, Dyncgy colltinned 
that it rece ived a suilpoen,t from 
the .S. attllrnev in the ;\iorthern 
Distri ct of 'alifornla reqllc'llllg 
information related (0 the 
Califorl1l u energy markets. 

Dyncgy stock \Va, priced .Il I'll 
cents at the market's close Oil , nv. 
13, down ovt:rall from a 52-wcek 
high of $47 .20. 

Hundreds of men's and 
women's casual shoes! 

- $4499 

because 

and more 

Temporary open NOW - Thurs Nov 21 st outlet . 
[' .......................... _ ................................................................. _ ............................................... -............................. _.-........... _ ........ · .. _ ................ · .................. · .... ·1 

I Exclusive UCSD discount, $ 5 off 
I bring this ad for an additional I 
i One per customer. Can not be combined with any other offer. Expires 11121102 

Minutes from UCSD Directions ~ 
Lomas Santa Fe Plaza & Gardens 1-5, exit Lomas Santa Fe Dr. going East Mon-Sat: 10AM-6PM 

11AM-5PM 977 Lomas Santa Fe Dr. Ste. B • Solana Beach, CA 92075 
Past We-R-Fabrics, off the fountain/courtyard, 2nd floor 

We are in the shopping center on your immediate 
right-hand side. (the Vons complex) 2nd floor 

Sun: 

Tell a friend! Visit Our Website at www.shoes2die4.com/store.asp 

wo rid . COMPUTER SERVICE & REPAIR 
FAST Turn Around Times - Don't Wait 

Days to Get Your Computer Back! 

We sell New and Used pes and Laptops 

• Competitive Rates 
• FAST Service 

• Desktop/Laptop Repair 
• Upgrades (memory, harddrlve, etc.) 

to prorriote ' 

through 
A Business Pion Competit i on 
Workshop Forums 
Speaker / Netwo rki ng Sess i on s 
And more l 

looking for more info? 
want to throw around business ideas? 

Information Night 
Thur sday , Nov . 74 at 7: 30 pm in 

Gallery A, Price Center 

• Printer Repair • In-Store/On-Site* 
Loft Systems has been serving UCSD since 1990. Conveniently 

located near UCSD across from the EI Torito restaurant. 
·Plckup and delivery service may also be available In your area (call for details). 

Holiday Ct . 

"abel Or. 

Mon, - Fr!. 9 a.m. - 6 p.m. I Sat 10 a.m. ·3 p.m. 

IImall 
3211 Holiday Court , Ste. 102 

La Jolla, California 92037 
858.554.1265 

www.lottsystems .com 



• la US 
ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT 

Till 1t"I'"Y, ":<WO II\ER 14, ~ Ull l 

chews the fat 
Anthony Bourdain discusses 
his new book, his travels and 
his culinary tastes 

F ans of Emeril and Bobby Play on the Food Network - bewarel Anthony Bourdain, the loud, 
opiniona ted, foul-mouthed chef and 
author of "t\ Cook'~ Tour: Globa l 
t\<kentures in F xtrcmc Cuisine" proba-
bly doesn't like you. In fact, he probably 
h'l~ tot'l l contcm pt for sellou ts and even 

hl~ own fans . 
Instead of "bellowing catchphrases 

at hiS wildly barking, cal-like studio 
audience," Bourdain do~s his best to tell 
people what life and food are all about 
through his books and his television 
seri e;, ":\ Cook's Tour," whi ch chroni -
cles his advennlres as an international 

globe trotter and expert in "extreme cui-
sine." 

The 40-something-year-old New 
York sensation has become an interna-
ti onal celebrity with his gritty novel, 
"Kitchen Confidential, " which exposes 
the dark side of the culinary world . His 
newest endeavor will leave you feeling 
everything frolll laughter to self-
loathing to disgust, and even wonder. 
Impossible, you say, that a man could do 
so much writing about food, of all sub-
jects' Well , beli eve it, 'cause he did. 

AI though the book is written in an 
extrav;lgant and sometimes puerile 
manner, Bourdain's abilities as a story-

Film review: 
'Far From 

Heaven' 

see page 9 

teller and social commentator undoubt-
edly exist, even if they are a bit imma-
rure. H e convinces his readers through 
his sheerly forceful and unapologetic 
language that what he says is right. 

"I never expected to be in a posi tion 
to write [his book," Bourdain said. 
"Who would bankroll [his' I spent my 
whole life in ki tchens. You know, the 
guy who's flippin g burgers here, that's 
pretty much how [ saw the world in the 
con tines of my kitchen ." 

For a book that was never supposed 
to happen, it is a wonder: sixteen chap-
ters that trace a lunatic of a man as he 
travels to exotic locations, from 

Interview: INside 
Musician UCSD piny 

Jason Mraz {bram' revit7".1 
mlmdllr 

see page 10 
DVD rev;I'W.,· 

Cambodia to Spain to Rus in, eating 
things most America ns never even see 
in a grocery store. No wimpy recipes or 
cheesy travelo!.rue descriptions for this 
man; he gets into the meat of the story. 
He's the guy who's there to help disem-
bowel pigs, eat cobra hea rts, froli c 
around Vietnamese markets, pound 
vodka with monstrous Russians, and rio 
things no sane American would ever do. 

The book, written in an engaging and 
reali tic manner, refl ects Bourdai n and 
his coarse sense of humor. Bourdain 's 
writing style, true to his real-life persona, 

See CHEF, Page 9 

II 

12 
U 
J.I 

'Chamber of Secrets' opens to reveal strong Potter sequel 
Potter's magic glows again with a little help from his close friends and even more prodding from his enemies 

COUltesy of Watner BrothelS 

Try this: Harry Potter (Daniel Radcliffe) takes a moment out of his busy Hogwarts schedule to 
talk With Mr. Wizard himself - Dumbledore (the recently deceased Richard Harris). 

By ANNE CONG-HUYEN 
Associate Hiatus Editor 

His voice is deeper, he 's (supposedly) morc mature and he's back, Harry Pottcr (Daniel Radcliffe), the four-eyed swee[-
heart, has returned to the big screen and [his 
time he's ready to kick some bad-guy booty in 
the gelll of a film, "Harry Potter and the 
Chamber of Secrets." 

Those who dismiss J.K. Rowling's "Harry 
Potter" series as being si mply for kids severely 
misunderstand the draw of these films on chil-
dren and adults alike. The newest installment in 
the "Harry Potter" film series will win heartS, 
widen eyes and make you leap with excitement. 
It may seem far-fetched that a PG-rated chil-
dren's movie could aecomp'lish so much, but 
surprisingly, it does. 

In "The Chamber of Secrets," we find our 
dear wizard Harry returning to Hogwarts School 
of Witchcraft and Wizardry (not without much 
difficulty), only to find that what should be hi 
refuge from the horrible "muggle" world has 
been be ieged by an unknown menace who 
thrcatens to take innocent lives, So what is there 
to be done but for Harry and his trusty friends 
Ron Wea ley (Rupert Grint) and Hermione 
Granger (Emma Watson) to use their sleuthing 
and magical skills to overcome the horror that 
threatens them all? As daunting of a task as it is, 
all three vital roles were played to near perfection 
by the young actors, 

Radcliffe, a veteran actor despite his 13 years, 

Film 
REVIEW 

is very convincing as the self-confident yet equal-
ly frightened Harry, and Watson is much more 
believable in her role as Hermione compared to 
their characters in the first film. In one particular 
scene, Watson is especially commendable in por-
traying Hermione:' distress anJ hurt when her 
red, watery eyes evoke sniffles from even the 
hardest of hearts. opposed to the first film, 
where the actors seemed like novices because vI' 
their sometimes forced performances, this timc 
Radcliffe and Watson fit into their roles as con-
fused preteen wizards quite well. 

"I feel a lot more relaxed and can have a real-
ly good time," said Watson about her perfor-
mance. "I've definitely improved as an actress 
and feel happier with what I'm doing 011-
screen." 

A most outstanding performance, however, 
is delivered by Grint, as the perpetually fright-
ened, wise cracking, red-haired Ron Weasley. 
Grint steps into Ron's shoe perfecdy, portray-
ing the silly young man through his amazingly 
meaningful physica l expressions, From hi wor-
ried, frowning face to his humorously squeaking 
voice, Grint looks to be a very promising :Ictor 

See POTTER. Page 10 

THURSI1AY, NOVEMBER 14, 2002 THE UCSD GUARDIAN HIATU~ l) 

'Far From Heaven': Far from perfect and not so heavenly 
A lack luster film re-evaluates an old theme, comes accross as a survey course in 1950's suburban discrimination 

Photo Cultesy of Focus Features 

Hey baby: Frank (DenniS Quaid) and Cathy (Julianne Moore) take a moment to 
enloy each other's company while trying to figure out their personal lives. 

Chef: 
Bourdain's 

antics make 
readers laugh 

conrinued from page 8 
is long-winded and unforgiving. 

"I write like I talk, and I talk a 
lot," Bourdain said . "And I come 
from a proud oral tradition of bull-
shitting and ball -busting in the last 
meritocracy on earth: the life of a 
professional cook." 

He tells it like i[ is, and some-
times his way of telling things is so 
unconventional that you have to 
stop and wonder. For example, how 
often is the cooking industry com-
pared to porn? My point exactly. 

By DAVID BYNUM 
Senior slaff writer 

Taking everything IntO con ider-ation, "Far From Heaven" isn't far from "The Bradv Bunch." 
Just get rid of four of the klds, make 
Alice black, make Mike a homosex-
ual , involve Carol in an interracial 
strllggle, and set the Brady'S back 
about 10 years, T here's your film , 
"Far From Heaven." 

The ti lm fo llows Cathy 
Oulianne ,vloore), through the 
struggles of be ing a woman in the 
19505. Add to the Tupper-vare par-
ries and constant housekeeping the 
fact [hat she li ves in a white-ilia le-
dominated society that confines her 
to basic gende r 'roles that under-
mine her value: as a human heing. 

\"'hile the film deals with a num-
ber of issues, such as bigotry and 
homosexuality, it deals IllOst serious-
ly ,vith Cathy:' struggle to survive in 
a society thaI will not condone her 
interracial relationship or her hus-
band's newly discovered homosexual-
ity. While ,Vloore is on screen for the 
majori ty of [he fi lm, her character 
doesn't demand the full force of her 
acting abili ty because she is basically 
imitating the 1950s ideallVoman. 

ffiMER~ADQ 

Dennis Quaid plays a confused 
homosexua l male, pra nk, who tries 
desperately to fight what is termt!cl 
in the film "[he sickness." While 
the storyline does not closely fo l-
low Fr; nk 's character outside his 
wi fe's reaction to lhe discovery, 
Quaid's part is probably the mo"r 
challenging in [he film. 

I Ie has to take what littl~ tIIne 
he has on screen and playas Illuch 
confusion and anger into it as pos-
sible while ultimately questioning 
whether or not he rcally wants to 
fight or embrace his hOlll0sexuality. 

The tilm 's statement about 
homosexua lity is clearly secondary 
to wha t it has to ~ay about the 
fe male struggle. The script makes 
this clear because Frank rides an 
emotional roll ercoasrer throu~hvut 
the film while his wifes res;lve IS 
gra nite-tough. 

DelUus j laysbert of plays the lead 
black Imle role Ral1110nd, athY5 
new 6':1rClener. His st~ry, like QU:lids, 
is very secondary to what is going on 
in the life of ad1\'. He is the stereo-
typical 1950s hlack man, reserved in 
the face of hateful whites and low to 
anger. His philosophical side appeals 
to athy after she realizes [hat she 
can no longer connect widl her hus-

bane\. Realizing [hat hcr hmhand 
rejects her, ,hc "1 able to 'i)111p<lthm: 
with the rcjcct~d black mak .Ind uke 
down thc raCial h,lrn~r Ion!! cnou!!h 
to see 11" Inner belllt\'. • . 

\\ 111lc thi, film ~l:;llk didn 't do 
,1I1\'thlnll' ne\\' from ,I " ;,·I.t1 ,1\\ .l r..:-
n..:ss 'ta~dpollll, wh.a II did do \\ .1' 
combmc Vle\\', on .1 nUlllber II I di f-
ferent oClal problem; Into I)ne lilll i. 
Looking m;lInly ;It the fl: ll1lnl ~ t J1er-
spcct,,'c came ;II the co,t of n< .t deal-
Ill!! senoml~' cllough 1\'Ilh the blg-
(Jtrl' Issues. 

'The film \\'a, I (}'U, ,til lh..: 11.1\, 
from the , cltll1g l<J the " Hlndlr.ld , 
;md nnema[()gl:aphy. \ \ 'htle If \\ .1\ 
Intercstln!! to ' ee the,e l1Orm,IIII' 
,ktrlcd I'o~ue, In ,I tiltn tha I '1.11 cd 
' 0 tru,' to ItS 'Clt1l1~, II Icl t "'"IC-
whal like \\'an:h1l1g ~· C: IIIZ<.:n <:'m..: ·· 
111 that vne can ,illlult.lI1cou, 11 b..: 
aware of lhe film'" ~n:,ltIle" , ,u{d he 
bored. " 

~ Far From Heaven 
**** Sta rring Julianne MOOIE and 

o nnls Quaid 
In theaters ov I~ 

Rated ~: 
._---' 

Although obviously not a schol-
ar, Bourdain's language adequately 
captu res the atmosphere of his sur-
roundings and describes his feel-
ings in each situation. Exotic 
locales and extraordinary (some-
times gruesome) culinary delicacies 
surface, giving readers a tiny 
glimpse of what can be found in 
various countries. All the while, 
Bourdain's commentary and antics 
add sidesplitting humor or invoke 
deep insight, making this a surpri -
ingly engaging book. 

As Bourdain says about this book 
and the show that came out of it: 
"I'm just as unpleasant on my show 
as [ am in person. There's no script. 
I'm drunk in half the shows. They 
beat me for language. I smoke .. . 
animals were hurr and killed in [he 
making of this series. You know, it's 
very cinema verite-gonw journal-
ism, and in one episode I'm happy 
and the next I'm pimply, terrified 
and projectile vomiting," 

~Ndalltie~~~ 
ta'l) VilUltf ~~/ 

The completely unconventional 
and impenlOus Bourdain, whether 
you like him or not, has talent and 
is incredibly amusing. And for 
those o f you who think food is bor-
II1g and confined to pretty chefs in 
spotless television kitchens, "A 
Cook's l o ur" will show you how 
wrong you really arc. 

A Cook's Tour: 
Global Adventures 

By Anthony Bourdain 
Now available in paperback 
"A Cook's Tour" aires on the 

Food Network. 



11.' HIATU:' THE UC ' D GUARDIAN 

Jason Mraz: Local act goes·national 
No longer just a man with a guitar, Mraz looks toward future 

By DAVID BYNUM 
Senior Staff Writer 

I f Jason Mraz is waiting for his roc ket to come. he might not have to wait long. After mov-
II1g 10 San Diego just three years 
ago, he has made the dream of a 
lifetime come true in a fraction of 
the ti me i I is supposed to take. 

While his recently released 
album, "Waiting for my Rocket to 
Come," was his first in-studio 
effort, he released a number oflive 
recordings independently and sold 
them at shows. He also followed 
in the footsteps of other music 
industry giants like Jewel by play-
ing weekly shows at Java Joe's (an 
Ocean Beach bar/coffeehouse), 
using it 3S a springboard to skip a 
few rungs on the ladder to star-
dom. ff this man got to the top 
quickly, it was no accident; he 
pl:lIlled himself in one of music's 
hut spots and didn't budge until 
somebody noticed him. 

A lor of somebodies noticed 
him. Among them was John 
AJagia, who produced records for 
both Dave Mathews and John 
Mayer. It wasn't long before Mraz 
was in Rolling tom with Mathews' 
arm around hllll , descri bing how 
Mathews came on stage with_him 
for part of Ilis set. Mraz was even 
brash enough to publicly decry 
,\ layer for not showing up to work 
WI th hi m in the studio as 

promised. 
All that energy and personali -

ty is abundant in Mrn's live 
show, which is what got him 
where he is in the first place. He 
feels at home on stage; he is 
three-parts singer, one-part gui -
tarist, one-part comedian and 
one-part ladies' man . His shows 
are wrought with improvisation. 
He makes songs out of sound 
checks and uses annoying feed-
back to enhance his music rather 
than detract from it. It is all this 
clever boyishness that naturally 
draws the ladies to him, whom he 
talks to throughout his shows 
and has a serious reputation with. 
The ladies love him and guys like 
him despite it. 

A few months ago, Mraz gave 
up nearly weekly shows in San 
Diego before going off into th e 
big world and recording an album 
with Elektra. Like a kid going off 
to college - somewhat reluctant 
to leave home, but more excited 
about a bright feature than any-
thing else - Mraz left in search of 
the great beyond. San Diego got a 
little taste of the good old days on 
Oct. 19 when Mraz returned for 
what was the proverbial home-
coming dance, playing before a 
sold out crowd at the Mira Mesa 
Epicentre. The concert revealed a 
refreshed but otherwise 
unchanged Mraz who is still will -
ing to hang out with fans after the 

show and gram interviews to lowly 
college newspaper writers, despite 
the fact that he has shared a stage 
with the giants. Always apprecia-
tive of his local fan base, he 
promised to have everyone at the 
show over for dinner as soon as he 
sold one million records. 

The question is if and when 
this will all happen. A large part of 
Mraz's appeal to the local audience 
has been his personal onstage can-
dor and quirky live recordings. 
None of this really comes through 
in his largely "radio-friendly" stu-
dio album. One can't help but 
wonder if the national audience 
will come to appreciate this com-
mercialized portrait of Mraz. 

ft is more than likely that they 
will. Mraz's rocket may be here 
sooner than anyone expected. 

Guardian: Where are you call -
ing from ' 

Jason Mraz: Chicago tonight. 
Guardian: How's Chicago? 
JM: It's cold man, really cold. 
GUIlrdian: How different is a 

San Diego show from a Chicago 
show? 

JM: The shows on the road 
are basically like the San Diego 
shows were when I fi rst started 
playing. There are a few people 
who know what is going on, but 
for the most parr the music is new 

See MRAZ, Page 15 

Kaplan 
gets you in. 

Law School Business School Graduate School 
Dental School Medical School 

Classes start soon! 
MeAT November 16 

DAT IOAT November 16 
GMAT November 21 
LSAT November 24 
GRE November 26 

San Diego Kaplan Center 
4350 Executive Drive, Suite 305 

Call 1-800-KAP-TEST or visit kaptest.com to enroll today! 

Test prep, admissions and guidance, For life, 

Guardian HOll DAY Issue 
Thurs. Dec. 5th 

TH URSDAY. NOVEMBER 14. Z()()Z 

Potter: Tremendous special 
effects greatly enhance film 

continued from page 8 
with great skill (even if he is 14 
years old). 

The adult cast of the film, includ-
ing huge stars such as Kenneth 
Branagh (famous for his role as 
"Hamlet'') as Gilderoy Lockhart and 
Jason Isaacs (you may remember 
him as the bad guy in "The Patriot" 
or "Black Hawk Down") as Lucius 
Malfoy, all deliver convincing per-
formances, whether they are narcis-
sistic frauds or insidiously evil, dark 
wizards. From Albus Dumbledore 
(the recently deceased Richard 
Harris) as the headmaster to Mrs. 
Weasley, all the characters have 
unique personalities, which seem 
surprisingly well-developed. 

In comparison to the first fil m, 
which merely introduces audi-
ences to the world of magic, 
"Chamber of Secrets" succeeds in 
showing an alternate reality of 
limitless possibilities and grim 
histories with the amazing use of 
special effects in both the scenery 
and in the depiction of magical 
creatures (from spiders to birds to 
monstrous snakes). Whether it is 
the expansive grounds of 
Hogwarts or the quaint Weasley 
house, the settings are consistent-
ly believable, if not realistic. But 
these cheery prospects differ from 
the actual Chamber of Secrets, 
which is despairingly dark and 
intimidating. 

For those of you who ca n't sit 
through a film unless there are 

explosions and violence, this film is 
not lacking in ei ther of those 
departments. AJ though this til m 
primarily targets children, the 
dueling scenes and battle sequences 
are not without attraction for adults 
with short attention spans. Even 
the most skeptical of persons will 
find themselves jumping Ollt of 
their seats at some point. 

Director Chris Columbus stated 
that his goal was "to transport peo-
ple to a place they've never been 
before, but at the same time, make 
certain that they absolutely believe 
what they are seeing." And up until 
the last second of the tilm, this pur-
pose is met. 

Despite its preposterous story 
and plot, nothing in the film is 
utterly outrageous. It reflects what 
many young hearts dream about, 
while at the same time makes it 
believable. At no point is the movie 
overwhelmingly over the top. T he 
people, emotions and settings are 
convincing and all help in makin l,; 
"Chamber of Secrets" a must-see 
for any true fan of the active i mag-
ination. 

~ Harry Potter and 
the Chamber of 

Se(rets 
**** Starring Daniel Radcliffe 

In theaters Nov 15 

Online 
Club 

Coupons! 
Valuable coupons online at 

UCSDGuardian.org 
Q indicates North Count . 

Blind Melons 2 for 1 cover 
Brick By Brick 2 for 1 admission 

California Express VIP Card $25 off 2003 
Cannibal Bar $2 off admission 

Club Montage No cover 
Croce's 
4th&: B 

Girls Nite Out 
Hard Rock Cafe 

Have a Nice Day Cafe 
Incahoots 

Martini Ranch 
o McCabe's Beach Club 

Moondoggies 
o Neimans 

P.B. Bar &: Grill 
Patricks II 

-Red C Lounge 
The Room 

Rosie O'Grady's 
S.D. Sports Club 

Second Wind Navajo 
Sevilla 

Sham Rocks Shack 
o Squid loe's 

Tio Leo's Lounge 

Free cover with dimer 
2 free comedy tickets 
2 for 1 cover 
No cover VIP 
2 for 1 cover 
$2 off admission 
1/2 off martini 
$2 off admission 
$1 off cover 
1/2 off cover 
2 for 1entr~ 
2 for 1 cover 
No cover 
No cover with e-mail 
1/2 off Rosie Blaster 
1st rOl.W1d 1/2 price 
No cover 
$2 off cover 
1/2 off cheesel:uger combo 
2 for 1 cover 
$1 off club itOnlsslon 

Presented by the 

and the San Diego Reader 

THURSDAY. NOVEMBER 14. ZOO" THE UCSD GUAIU)(AN IllATlh II 

'Edward II' is a daring production 
Production is a tantalizing look at UCSD theater 

By JESSICA LONG 
Senior Staff Writer 

"E dward II" is the first production of 
the La Jolla Playhouse's 2002-03 sea-
son, and it leaves the viewer hoping 

that the rest of the productions will be as 
powerful and well-done as this one. For those 
who are offended by sex, violence, homosex-
uality, drug use and/or nudity, "Edward II" is 
not the play to see. However, it is a wonder-
ful experience for those who are looking for 
sometning new and interesting. 

Bertol t Brecht's play, which is based on 
Christopher Marlowe's earlier work of the 
same title, looks at the life of King Edward n 
from the time he rook the English crown in 
1307 until his death in 1327. This play focus-
es on Edward 's alleged homosexual relation-
ship with Piers Gaveston and the effect it had 
on Edward's reign. 

The costumes and props are wonderfully 
designed and appropriately placed. While a 
mixture of classical and modern designs can 
often distract from the play and leave the view-
er feeling disoriented, this play does a mar-
velous job of blending the two to give it a time-
less quality, which leaves the viewer seeing the 
issues of the play both in the original historical 
setting and in a more modern setting. 

The acting is extraordinary as well . The 
actors playoff one another well and hel p 
strengthen each other's performances. All of 
the actors do 3 wonderful job bringing their 
characters to life and developing them 
throughout the course of the plot. 

Worthy of particular mention is Corey 
Bill, who does an amazin g job of portraying 
Edward and his grOWtll from a love-struck 
young man to a mature bur sti ll confused 
king. Alex Smith also does a wonderful job a, 

Theater 
REVIEW 

Mortimer, who discovers that he would rather 
be back in the world of his books, from which 
he was dragged to help take power from 
Edward. Simone Moore gives a powerful per-
forma nce as Queen Anne, tllOugh at times her 
acting is almost a bit overdone. The ensemble 
adds a new depth to the play that would have 
othenvise been lacking, altllOugh it would 
have been nice if they could have learned to 
march together on the same foot. 

While there are plenty of issues tllat can 
make people uncomfortabl e, everything 
seems appropriate; very little, if any of it, is 
done purely for shock value. However, it is 
advised that only the mature and open-mind-
ed attend tlus production. Overall, tllis is a 
great play, and the viewer should tind it both 
entertaining and original. 

Remaining performances will be Nov. 14, 
Nov. 15 and Nov. 16 at 8 p.m. and Nov. 17 at 
7 p.m. in the Mandell Weiss Forum Studio. 
Tickets are $12 for general admission, $10 
for UCSD affiliates and $6 for students. 
Seating is limited, so advanced purchase is 
highly recommended. 

Edward II 
Starring Simone Moore and Alex Smith 

Runs until Nov. 17. 
$12 general admission, $6 students 

Mandell Weiss Forum Stud io 

Courtesy of UCSD Theatre and Dance Department 
Royal pain: From her throne Queen Anne (Simone Moore) surveys the theatncallandscape of the 
UCSD production of "Edward Ii,' playing at Mandell Weiss Forum Studio until Nov. 17. 

r--------------------------------------------Sarahfilexander's Medi Spa 
HAIR REMOVAL W ITH Chrissy 

STUDENT SPECIALS 

Bikini Wax ..... .. .................... $15 Reg. price $30 
Brazilian Wax ........................ $25 Reg. price $50 
Lip & Brow ..................... ...... $18 Reg. price $27 

"Complimentary Paraffin Hand Treatment" 
Purchase mini-facial at $25 and recieve complimentary upgrade 

to deluxe 1 hr. Facial (value $75) 
Electrolysl. - 15 Minute. FREEl (1st-time customer) 

3262 Holiday Court '201, La Jolla CA half block from campus 
(next to Mobil Station) 858-558-0888 www.S. .. /tAlelCander.com 

r----------------------------~ 3~ , &:;:iiI FlaDle BrOiler ~ 
Always GoocI ... Always Guaranteed! SIZS olf Chicken Rice Bowl 

€I MecIlum Drink 
Not yalid with any other oHer. With coupon only. 

expire. 12114102 

NO MSG • NO BONE • NO SKIN NO FRYING 

Ita Jolla Village Center (next to Rubio's) (858) 58,-8989 
-----------------------------~ 

---------------------------, , \ 

: "'00 I &#HR-r-==: '.-.. -...................... .,.-................................ "'\~ 
: -= ~Th!I.1if.J. = 
: Handcrafted ice cream. yogurt. sorbet 

I 
I 
I 
I EXpires 11121/02 

Any ice cream, 
yogurt or sorbet 
l~ca~~~zzzz~~~acac~~~zzEE~~CD~ 
I La Jolla Village Square $1 OFF with current day movie ticket stub 
\ .... Ind bill II's • .elt to JllDbl Juice www.mootime.com / 

~---------------------------
r-------------------------------------------

SALON BEAUX GENS 
I 

SPECIALIZING IN 
COLOR, CUT AND 

A Full Service Beauty SaLMI for Womm & Men W A X I N G 
15 T U DEN T 5 PEe I A L 5 I 

BIKINI WAX ............ . ...... $20 Reg . $30 
BRAZILIAN ............ .. ...... $30 Reg . $40 
MINI FACIAL .................. $30 Reg . $40 
FULL LEG ............. . ....... $40 Reg . $50 
BROW & LIP WA X .......... $18 Reg . $23 
HAIRCUT .... ... .... . ...... . .... $5 off Reg . $25 
PERM . COLOR OR HIGHLIGHT ............ . $10 off 
PROFESSIONA L HAIR PAoDucTs . .. ...... l0% off .\Ml'n"dll'tt"nm/l"/f"I~II ' 

7770 REGENTS ROAD sUln t 02 IN LA JOLLA COLONY P LAZA 858453,6212 

dG: The Killer 
\~O rr Shrimp Burrito 
DUlJ8ilW onlY $2.49 

A favorite of pale invaders 
FINS La Jolla and tanned crusaders! 

La Jolla Village Square 
Nobel Drive at Highway 5 

(856)270-FINS 
This coupon ~oo~ for up ~ 2 or~ers. Not vahd r:r.:r::I 

W1t.h any other offer. Offer expjres 1215/02 U:J:J 

~-----------------------------1,OGOs Iaskin@)Robbins. 
",ii-huG'Uj' Two ScOop Sundae 
!!!.~~.~!!~!.. $199 

Coupons valid only at Pacific Beach location. Limit one coupon per customer per visit . 
Not valid with any other offer. Exp. 11/30/02. 

Two great tastes under one roof! 
1802 Garnet Ave, Pacific Beach (in Pacific Plaza II, near Kinko's) 

Phone orders 858.270.8640. Fax orders 858.270.2830 
We offer Ice Cream Cakes and Catering 

----------------------------_. ~-------------------------------1 

i 13l'a~}.lia SKin c"al'e ! 
I Facials· Waxi/lg I 
I Pennena/lt Makeup , Massage Therapy I 
I Microdtnnabrasio/l' Laser Hair Removal I 
I I 
I I I ,~~ I 
I ~ X I 
I ! I 
I I I 3251 Holiday Court, Suite 203, I 
I La Tolla, California 92037 I 
I I -------------------------------~ 



. I 

IZ IIIATUS 

, II PwIe S~cialist 
Apple College Interns Wanted 

Become a part of today 's exciting technology world! Develop a new set 
of professional skill s that will serve you for a lifetime of success! Gain . 

real life sales ex penence and make yourself more marketable after 
graduat lon

' 
Program starts January 2003. 

AND 
Get the coolest new product, the Apple iPODI Earn an award 

of new Apple equipment valued at $3,OOO! 
The Ini ti ation fee of $500 covers the cost of your sales training which 
will utilize the IPOD . The IPOD IS yours to keep. You will use your skills 

to personally inVi te prospective customers to key Apple seminars. 
To receive an Information pac kage and application please prov ide your 

name, phone number, school. and email address to: 
Growth Development Associates, 1·800-96&4321 

or send email requestto dadungee@growthdevelopment.com. 

ILC IMMIGRATION LEGAL CENTER 
All Family-Based Immigration Cases Handled 

Student Visas, Stude nt Work Pe rmits, J-1 Visa Waivers, 
Work Visas, Green Cards, U.S. Citize nship 

Specializing in employment-based immigration options for foreign 
academic faculty and professional staff members 

Immigration Legal Center 
4026 Camino Del Rio South , Suite 300, San Diego, CA 92108 

Office: (6 19 )542·7720 Fax: (619)295·0046 
Immlgratloncenter@usa.net www.lmmlgralionlegalcenter.com 

Mailing address: 3639 Midway Drive, Suite B·193, San Diego , CA 92110 

As an engineer in 
the U.S. Air Force, 
th ere's no telling 
what you'll work on. 
(Seri ously, we can't tell you.) 

United States Air Force applied 
technology is years ahead of what 
you 'll touch in the private sector, and 
as a new engineer you'll likely be 
involved at the ground level of new and 
sometimes classified developments. 
You'll begin leading and manag ing 
within this highly respected group 
from day one. Find out what's waiting 
behind the scenes for you in the 
Air Force today. To request more 
in formation , ca ll 1-800-423-USAF 
or log on to airforce.com . 

, 
.:. 

U.S. AIR FORCE 
CROSS INTO THE BLUE 

THE U SD GUARDIAN THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 14,2002 

Strange 'Irma Yep' is a dramatic treat 
Show is Agatha Christie meets IIMacbeth" meets IIKids in the Hall" 
By JONATHAN JOSEPHSON 

Staff Writer 

Let's do some math: -rake:l hand-fu l of crentures from B-rate horror flicks, add a house full of 
~uperstitious aristocrats, throw in a 
spiteful huusekeeper and a kind-

hC~lrted stable boy, multiply all of 
that bl' a bit of cross-dressing, and 
divide' you r 511111 hy only twO :Ictors 
anti over 50 cosnllne changes. Do 
YOII havt! an answer yet? YOll should 
h:ll'(' either gotten seven or "The 
,\l ystery of Irilla Vep," the hilarious 

murder-l1ly~tery/('bssic tlction (',1I1-
glomerariol1 rlnr is rocking 
Downtown's Dlversiomuy Theater. 

Written in 1984, "The MystclY 
of Irma V-:p" (playing until Dec. 
21) is the most well -known work of 
Ridiculous Theate r founder 
Charles Ludlum. This production 
of "Irma Vel''' feawres the acting 
talents of DiverSIOna ry veteran 
David ,\I1cBean and the San Diego-
trained Farhang Pernoon (MFA in 
drama from San Diego State 
University) as the only two actors 
in tht! eigh r-characrer play. 

The play begins with an intro-
duction to the household taff of 
Nicodemus Underwood (McBean), 
the ki nd-hearted, peg-legged stable 
bol', and Jane l'\visden (Pernoon), 
the malevolent, passive-aggressive 
housekeeper. It i- revealed that the 
masrer of the house, Lord Edgar 
(Pernoon), and hi s new bride, Lady 
Enid {l'vlcBeanl, an: having' ma r-
riage troubl es beca use Edgar can-
not get over his lingering :lffecti on 
for his deceased Erst wife - the 
Lady [rma Vep. Enid is jealous of 
the dead woman, but is also 
intrigued when Jane tells her sto-
ri es of Lady [rma 's mysterious 
death , as wdl as of other puzzling 
happenings concerning werewolves 
and vampires tha r occurred in and 
around Mandarcrest Manor. 

Fueling the antics of the color-
ful characters of the Hillcrest 
household are cleverly interwoven 
allusions and direct quares from 
"Wuthering Heights," "Rebecca," 
James Joyce's "Ulysses" and 
"Hamlet," among other great 
works of literature. A section of the 

Courtesy of http//WNW.diversionary.com 
Mystery tree: The cast of "The Mystery of Irma Vep" takes a gander at the 
Jealousy and mystery that surrounds their charaders, Intricate connedlons. 

opening scene between Nicodemus 
and Jane is taken directly from 
Henrick Ibsen 's "Ghosts." 

So you think, "Well, if two char-
acters are played by the same acror, 
there's no way they can interact." It 
may be a scienti fie fact that no sin-
gle person can be in two different 
places at once, but through a little 
bit of theatrical resourcefulness and 
a bit of ventriloquism, the cast of 
"Irma Vep" does the impossible. 
Rapid character changes from Lady 
Enid to Nicodemus to Lady Enid 
(McBean) and Jane to Lord Edgar 
to Jane (Pernoon) bring humor and 
mystery to the work. 

"The Mystery of Irma Vep" is 

chock-full of sidesplitting humor, 
thoroughly professional anti 
provocative design, fantastic ac ting 
and ingenious cre~ltivity. 
Friday shows are only $15 for stu-
dents. Call the Diversionary 
Theater Box Office at (6 I 9) 220-
0097, or check out their entire sea-
son at http://WIUW.diversionary.org. 

~ The Mystery of 
Irma Yep 

Starnng David McBean, 
Farhang Pernoon 

Runs until Dec. 21 
Fridays $15 for students 

'Latinologues': Laugbs without borders 
Diverse group of comedians brings talent to San Diego audiences 

By KEELY HYSLOP 
Sen ior Staff Writer 

In 1988, the San Diego Repertory TIleater began a program called the "Teatro Sin Fronteras 
Initiative." "Teatro sin fronteras" 
means "theatre without borders" in 
Spanish. [n an effort to serve the 
entertainment needs of a state with 
nearly 3 50-percent Latino popula-
tiun that is 20 minutes from the 
Mexican border, the San Diego Rep 
was determined to create a venue 
that could provide "an annuallabo-
ratory for the examination of the 
rich complexity of Latino cultures in 
the United States and abroad." 

T hrough the efforts of their tal-
ented but previously unknown 
Latino playwrights such as Luis 
V., ldez, Culnlre Clash, Maria Irene 
Fornes ancl Alejandro Luna, the San 
Dieg Repertory Theater has fina l-
ly been given the chance to present 
their work to a receptive audience. 
The San Diego Rep has premiered 
such out tanding productions as 
"Real Women Have Curves," "The 
True History of Coca-Cola in 
Mexico," "Culture Clash in 
Bordertown" and "EI Paso Blue." 

The brest of the "Teatro Sin 
Frontera Initiative" eries is 
"Latinologues: Comedy Without 
Borders," written by San Diego 
native Rick Najera. Touring the 

nation to sold-out audiences and 
recelvmg standing ovations, 
"Latinologues" comes from a series 
of about 50 dialogues Najera has 
written over the years, including 
some sketches from his original hit 
play, "The Pain of the Macho." 

When asked about the message 
of "Latinologues," Najera said, "No 
one monologue in the show can tell 
the story of the Latino experience-
but together, they can really get to 
the heart of the matter." 

Najera worked as an actor in 
HOllywood for years playing popu-
lar but mostly stereotypical roles in 
such shows as "Hill Sueet Blues," 
"Chino Beach," "Falcon Crest," 
"General Hospita l" and 
"Columbo." Following a desire to 
expand his talents after spending 
some time in stand-up comedy, 
Najera took up writing and soon 
found work writing for such 
acchl imed shows as "In Living 
Color," "Off Limits" and "Dr. 
Quinn, Medicine Woman." A5 a 
playwright, Najera seems to have 
truly found his niehe writing plays 
that are simultaneously hilarious, 
moving and deeply insightful. 

"Latinologues" is unique in that 
it features on three dynamic actors 
playing an array of diverse eharac-
tel's. The stars of the show are 
Najera, Lina Acosta and Rene 
Levan. 

When asked how she began her 
career in acting, Acosta said, "I 
came to L.A. thinlcing 'if I can get 
an agent I'll stay.' I found an agent; 
that was six years ago." 

With her appearance in HBO 
Film's production of "Real Women 
Have Curves," which recently 
received the Sundance Jury Prize , 
and her spectacular performance in 
"Latinologues," it is clear that she 
made the right decision. 

One thi ng that's very important 
to Najera as the director and creator 
of "Latinologues" is that the perfor-
mances be topical and up-to-date, 
which is why the San Diego perfor-
mance features a debut monologue 
of a janitor working at the World 
Trade Center on Sept. I I'-

"History comes anti then I wri te 
it," Najera said. 

I-Ie is not JUSt writing hi story; he 
is creati ng it. "Larinologues" wi ll 
be playing at the San Diego Rep 
until 01'. 25. It is an incredible 
show and should not be missed. 

~ latinologues 
Plays by Luis Valdez, 

Alejandro Luna 
Runs until Nov. 25 

San Diego Repertory Theater 

THUR DAY. NOVEMBER 14.2002 THE UC D GUARDIAN HIATUS 11 

11.14.02 hiatus calendar 11.20.02 
®,--_t_hu_rs_da",,-y 

They're only one of the biggest 
bands in rock 'n' roll history. No, I'm 
not talking about *NSync. The 
Rolling Stones are coming to San 
Diego! The band that likes to call 
themselves the 'World's Greatest 
Rock and Roll Band" has cemented 
their posll1on in the music world 
WIth hits like "(I Can't Get No) 
Satisfadion" and "Get off My 
Cloud:' Now you can see them in 
concert a the San Diego Sports 
Arena. The show starts at 7:30 p.m. 
Tickets range from $53 to $303 
(0kes!). For more information call 
(619) 224·4171. 

The Grammy-nominated 
Danish psychobilly band 
Nekromantix, known for their 
matching haircuts, coffin-shaped 
bass and punkish monster movie 
music, will play at the Belly Up 
Tavern. They haven't achieved 
commercial success, but that's for 
wimps anyway. The band has 
released six critically acclaimed 
albums (two of which are avail· 
able in the United States) and has 
toured extensively all over the 
world . Check out their sound 
when their show starts at 9 p.m. 
Tickets are $8. @ friday 

Wit and humor await you at the 

Sprecldes Theater in Downtown 
San Diego when Janeane 
Garofolo performs her hilarious 
stand·up comedy. One of today's 
most widely recognized comedi· 
ennes - largely due to her appear· 
ance on various television shows 
and several movies, including 'The 
Truth About Cats and D?&s" and 
"Reality Bites" - Garofolo s CYni ' 
cism and wit are trademarks in her 
unique brand of comedy. Her act 
starts at 8 p.m. and tickets ran&e 
from $21.50 to $34.50, so you d 
better not miss it. 

Local punk band Dragon 
brought home the award for Best 
Rock Album with their latest 
endeavor, "Rock and Roll 
Kamikaze," at the San Diego Music 
Awards. And now is your chance to 
see what all the bUll is all about. 
With songs full of sweet melodies 
and catchy vocals, you won't be 
able to avoid falling in love with 
them. Also pla0ng are the Cedrics, 
The Go Devils and The Satisfaction. 
Show starts at 8 p.m. at The 
Casbah. For tickets and information 
call (619) 232-4355. 

Grossmont College's Third 
Annual Music Showcase will 
feature an impressive lineup of 
musicians and bands, including 
Rocket From the CryPt, Sprung 
Monkey, The Classified, 3 Below, 
Trite, Straight no Chaser and many 
more. For all of you punk and 
indie music fans, this is a must-

healthy ' 

see show! Where else could you 
see so many great bands in one 
place and for such a great price? 
Don't miss out. The show starts at 
5:30 p.m. and genelal admission 
tickets are $15. For more info call 
(619) 644-7471 or Visit 
http.//wvvw.grossmontnet/osgc/ 
music·showcose.htm. 

@'---__ sa_t_ur_da ......... y 
Get ready for a great concert 

at The Casbah tonight when 
Alien Crime Syndicate, 
Rochelle Rochelle, Counterfit 
and Watch it Burn play. The club 
that has seen many ads in Its 
past, such as Smashing Pumpkins 
and Nirvana, has an extensive 
music history and is sure to deliv· 
er another great concert ... so 
you'd better be there (if you're 
over 21 , that is). For tickets and 
information ca ll (619) 232-4355. 

What do you get when you 
combine rock 'n' roll and tradi· 
tional Celtic music? The amazing 
Young Dubliners, who will be 
playing at the Belly Up Tavern 
tonight at 9:15 p.m. The Santa 
Monica band has become 
famous for their excellent live 
concerts and draws influence 
from bands such as U2 and The 
Pogues. See their infedious per· 
formance and find out why they 
have such a great following. 
Tickets are $15. 

women needed. 

Doctors are seeking women the ages of 
16 and 23 to join an investigational study on human 
pap1ll0mavirus CHPV)-a virus that can lead to 
genital warts and cervical cancer in women 
50 percent of sexually active women get HPV-
and there's no cure 

. (S\ Thls research study is testing an investigational 
~ vaccine to see if it can help prevent infection 

with HPV 
. (G;\ Study volunteers will be compensated for 

~ their participation 

®L---_~su;,;;,,;.;";,;;,,;.;da;.L..y 
Gifts, food, candles, culture. 

Yes, Hanukkah is fast approach· 
ing. and to get you all in the spir-
it, the Gallery Alexan der IS 
putting on its seventh annual 
"Festiva l of Lights" menorah 
show. The show will feature an 
exhibit of menorahs, dreidels, 
plates and many other pieces of 
art from Judaic artists, old and 
new. The show runs until Dec. 
13. For information call (858) 
459·9433. 

What can be better than see· 
ing a great dance concert and 
giving to charity? Doi ng them 
both at the same time! And 
you'll have your chance when 
you see I Am the World Trade 
Center play at the Che Cafe. 
The electric duo will dish out 
their clever lyrics alongside their 
special electro-pop, disco· 
infused music. The show starts 
at 8 p.m. Tickets are $5. 

@'---__ m_D_"_da.£,.y 
How lucky are we? One of indle 

rock's most celebrated artists is 
coming to San Diego. lou Barlow, 
who has played in bands such as 
Dinosaur Jr., Sebadoh and Folk 
ImplOSion, will bring his delicious 
music to The Casbah at 8:30 p.m. 
Tickets are a mere $10. 

@~_--,t.....;..ue.....;..sd_a_y 
Just 'cause they're from 

Sweden doesn't mean they're not 
a great band. The Soundtri\ck of 
Our lives Will bnng their eclectic 
musIc to The Casbah. From hard 
rock to sweet ballads, they'll give 
you everything you could pOSSibly 
want. Be there when he show 
starts at 8:30 p.m. Ticke s are 
m. 

@ __ we_d_ne_sd_a_y 
In case you missed them at 

Fall Fest, here's your second 
chance to see the hlp·hop qUintet 
Jurassic 5. The group that mixes 
turntables with hip·hop always 
delivers great performances and 
leaves many to wonder why they 
are not more commercially popu-
lar. But who needs loads of dough 
when you have adOring fans, 
right? To see what all the hype IS 
about, see them when they go on 
stage at 9 p.m. at the Belry Up 
Tavern. Tickets are $25. 

Look to the Hiatus Calendar for 
events in and around UCSD. 

All tickets can be purchased 
through Ticketmaster by calling 
(619) 220·8497 or by gOing to 
hllP://www.tickermoster.com 
unless otherwise noted. 

.. 



Iq HIATU THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

Indulge 
yourself 

Guardian HOLIDAY ISSUE, Thursday, Dec. 5th 

Mosey on over to a Dining Services 

Restaurant in your territory between 

November 12 & 15 to fill out a survey. 

We're rounding up your 2 cents about 

the food. service Be environment. 

For your time, we're offering a: 

Iree 16 oz. lountain drink 
Make sure to drop an entry forrn in the !;urvey box for 'dour chmlce to win a 

$25 TritonPlus Account deposit. 
Participatirlg Rw;talJra"t~;: Plaza Caf~~, !iiprra !ilHllrllit, EI Mprr: ;ujo, Ocpar,vipw TPrrar;p, C;trl~j(H' Vi,;ta, 

E ;lrl'~ ; Plau~, Cillb Mpd, Foodwotx, !ir I;wkropoli'; 

THURSDAY. NOVEMBER 14. ZOOZ 

"Star Trek" 
DVD a fit-

ting tribute 
"Sunset Boulevardll 
DVD is remastered 
but is true to the 

original 
By CHARUE THAN 

Senior Staff Writer 

Season five of "Star Trek: The 
ext Generation" continues the 

epic saga of the starshi p Enterprise 
that boldly goes where no man ha 
gone before. After the unforget-
table episodes of seasons three and 
fOllr, the producers of the show 
continued to churn our one good 
episode after another and avoided 
resting on their laurels, as do many 
other successful television shows. 

The DVD set of season Five is a 
fine showcase of the efforts of the 
cast and crew of TNG, highlight-
ing the rich storylines and talented 
acting apparent in many of the 
episodes. Beyond the actual pro-
duction of the se ries , the death of 
series creator Gene Roddenberry 
halfway through the season created 
a sense of sadness bur also a retlec-
tion that can be felt throughour the 
latter half of the episodes. 

The seven-disc set consists of 
memorable episodes such as 
"Unification," where Spock from 
the original series makes an appear-
ance; "The Inner Light," in which 
Captain Jean-Luc Picard (Patrick 
Stewart) explores several different 
parallel universes ; ami "Cause and 
Effect." What distinguishes this set 
from the previous four DVD sets is 
a featurette on the life of the late 
creator, titled "A Tribute to Gene 
Roddenberry. " 

A somber documentary, the trib-
ute contains several interviews with 
various cast and crew members 
about the high esteem they had for 
Roddenberry. It also contains rare 
footage of a Paramount bash held in 
honor of the series' visionary Icatlcr. 
Of all the extras that have come Ollt 
so far, this is by far the most emo-
tional and is a must-have, not only 
for TNG fans, but for any Trekkie. 

The remaining extras are similar 
to the previous episodes with vari-
ous interviews with cast and crew in 
addition to several small documen-
taries that focus on behind-the-
scenes production. These extras are 
now common in all DVD releases 
and no longer seem as unique as 
they once did in the first several 
seasons of TNG. Video and audio 
quality are also in line with the 
other sets, with decent video and a 
good Dolby Digital 5.1 mix. 

In retrospect, season five con-
tains an emotional wallop for St:!r 
Trek fans: The DVD set gives ;1 
fine tribute to Roddenberry, mak-
ing it a definite addition to ;lIlY 
Trekkie's collection. 

Star Ink: TN' 
Season Five 

*** Starring Patrick Stuart 
In stores now 

not rated 

Sunset Boulevard 
Forget all that you've heard 

about Hollywood primadonnas. In 
fact, ignore any pretenses yO\1 might 
have had about spoiled thespians. 
Before any of the decadent lifesryles 
of the modern rich and famollS, 
there was a dark comedy c:!lIed 
"Sunset Boulevard" that perfectly 
captured the murkier ide of the 

See SUNSET, PlJI(e r 5 

THURS[)AY, NOVEMBER 14, 2002 

Sunset: a 
refined ver ... 
sion of the 

timeless film 
continued {rom page r 4 

fame and glamour that was 
Hollywood. The line, "I'm ready 
for my clo e-up, Mr. DeMille," 
comes from lead actress Gloria 
Swanson and is permanently 
ingrained as an expression of mad-
ness, delusion and despair. Directed 
by acdaimed di rector Billy Wilder, 
"Sunset Boulevard" has finally been 
brought from the silver screen into 
the home via DVD. 

This story of insanity and 
depression is centered on the agi ng 
diva Norma Desmond (Swanson), a 
silent film st.1r who has all but dis-
appeared from the limelight. As her 
life crumbles into a small shell of 
what was a living being, Desmond 
becomes deluded by the fact that 
she thi nks she is sti II a star. When a 
down-on-his-Iuck screenwriter, Joe 
Giles (William Holden), stumbles 
onto Desmond's secluded estate, he 
is slowly corrupted by the despair 
and dishonesty of the aged star. 

Soon, iles is slowly drawn into 
Desmond's life, and he must find a 
way to e cape 1T0m her madness. 

The DVD of "Sunset 
BouJevard" is a restoration of the 
old print and is cleaned of much of 
the dirt and scratches that have 
destroyed some of the great classics. 
There are manyexo"as included: an 
audio commentary, a documentary 
on f:l med COSfiIlIlC designer Edith 
Head, several feanlren es and a 
behind-the-scenes documentary. 

Desm nd i one of the most 
memorabl e and well-written char-
acters that has graced (or demol-
ished) the screen. For any serious 
film buff, "Sunset Boulevard" is the 
textbook standard for Hollywood 
rlln amok. 

.. 

.. 

~ 
... 

~ 
&I) 

'" 
... 
... 

.. 
'>J: 

" 
:;;; 
.!!! 
'0 
.... 

.. 
... 

() 
:e 
« 

... ~ 
.... ('> 
!! .. 
=", 
>. 
'" .. 
=&1) 

~ .. 
'" ... 
.rt. 
ii 
e 
-.; 
0:: 

'" ... 

Sunset Boulevard 

**** Starnng Wilham Holden and 
Glona Swanson 

Available Nov. 26 

Allto Foclls 
(2:05). (4:35) . 7:10, 9:40 
Frida 
(2:00). (4:40). 7:20. 10:05 
lSp!! 
(2:30). (5:20). 7:50. 10:05 
Jackass: The Movie 
(2:45) , (5:30), 7:40,9:50 
Red Dragon 
(1:45). (4:30), 7:15, 10:00 
Sweet Home Alabama 
(2:25), (5:101. 7:45, 10:15 
The Ring 
(2:101. (4:551. 7:35, 10:10 
The Santa Clallse 2 
(2:15), (5:00), 7:30, 9:55 
Ti,e Transporter 
(2:40), (5:15), 7:25, 9:30 
The Truth Abollt 
Charlie 
(2:20). (4:45), 7:10,9:40 
White Oleander 
(1:55). (4:20), 7:05,9:35 

Bowling for Colllmbine 
1:40, 4:25, 7:00, 9:35 
femme fatRle 
1:50.4:35,7:10,9:45 
Heaven 
2:00, 4:45 , 7 :20, 9:55 
Komiker (Comedian) 
2:20, 4:55 . 7 :30, 10:05 

Call to confirm times 

THE U D GUARDIAN HIATUS I S 

Mraz: Musician talks about busting John Mayer's chop 
cominued from page 10 

to everyone. 
Gllal1Jiall: You had done a huge 

amount of self-promotion before 
you signed with Elektra. Was there 
a little bit of a bidding war going on 
for you when you signed' 

JM: Ahhh, not too much. There 
were a lot of groups interested 
because I was on the radio. I wasn't 
concerned with getting the best 
contract I could. I was looking for a 
group that was interested in artists. 
Every other group that came along 
wanted to get in the studio to record 
the song. Elektra was more interest-
ed in me than my songs. 

Guardian: So what went down 
with you and John Mayer? 

JM: A few months ago I bust-
ed his chops a little bit in SLAMM 
magazine. T hat was before I had 

the chance to go out drinking with 
him the other night .. . and we are 
cool now. 

Gullrtiian: You have already 
accomp li hed a !orreat deal since 
coming from back east to start 
your music ca reer. What huge 
goals do you have left? 

JM: Opening for Dave 
[Matthews) - man, that's it, and 
we just found out that we are 
gon na open for him three dates. I 
think you are the first person I 
have m id . I told myself I was 
gon na go out and try and do this 
music thing, and I would do it till 
I was 40 and my goal wa s opening 
for Dave. It is strange whe n you 
get started and you have these 
dreams - you never really imag-
ine any of them coming true. But 
that 's it man . I mean, my album is 

out there for the nation to take or 
leave. Right now I am out there 
opening for g reat musicians. I am 
kind of like a traveling salesman. 

Guardian.: What should we 
expect from your next release' 

JM: Probably the next thing 
will be a live album. It is hard to 
write new stuff on the road, but it 
is easy to record our shows wher-
ever we are. 

Guardian.: What is the best 
and the worst thing about being 
out on the road? 

JM: The best thing is getting 
to go all over and be in great cities 
like C hicago. You get here and see 
the place, and man, it blows your 
mind . But then you only get to be 
here for a day or so, and you are 
constantly on the move. It 
becomes exhausting. 

Guardian: Why is it that evcr}' 
gi rl I knolV is in love with you' 

JM : r dOll't kllllW, Imll . I don ', 
know the secret. I l:an 't even hold J 
steady gi rlfri end. I guess if I knell 
the secret I would move ,n With 111\' 
mom and retire .. . That" what ·1 
allt Out here tr}'lng to figure out. 

No one knows when or where 
Mraz's rocket will land , but It 
seems unlikely that he wi ll ever 
forget tha t the San Dil:go 3mustic 
scene was his launch pad. Mra7. 
indicated 3 sincere desire to pl ay 
San Diego again soon, most likely 
at Spreckles Theatre to serve a 
bigger audience . For now, San 
Diego fans can only hope tim he 
figures "i t" Ollt soon, and COI11 C~ 
back to settle down in the place 
that got it all started . 

Get 2 FREE music CDs 
and a $25 Bill Credit! 

/ _ .. -

Very determined Business Mejors. 
Room together. Rock logether. 
Suit 8. ~e jobs won 'I breok their lies. 

Live off-campus? Call AT&T at 1866846-4163, ext. 34159 
to switch to AT&T Local Phone Service and you 'll receive 

2 FREE Sony music CDs' of your choice! 
And that's not all! Add AT&T Long Distance to your local plan 

and you'll also receive a $25 bill credit;' on top of your FREE CDs! 

AT&T College Commun ications 
~ cIr.oi.u. ~ ~ ~~. 

.3 
~ 
ATlaT 

Consumer 

Local Phone Service-----Long Distance----- Calling Features 
AT&T Local Service is not available 10 all al'NS. A per-line access fee (FCC line Charge), Universal Connectivity Charse and other charges apply Consumers who sign up 
for AT&T l ocal Phone Service Y¥III bemall ed twoSonY81 f! cer tlfll:ates. eachredeemableforaselect COatww.WSOnVC!f1If1cate cornOffer ell.plles 5I30/0J Consumers 
will also be sent a separate letter from AT&T whIch will prOVide confIrmation of theIr order for AT&T Servlce(s) 

" The 525 bill credit applies to your first full month's service. The bi ll cle(hl cannot be combined With any other AT&T local Phone Servi ce promotIOn and applies only to 
local phone service With feature package . II you recently accepted another offer to switch to AT& T Local Phone SerVice. we can only fulfill on the ' Irsl response received 
Bill credit orrer exp".s 12/3t102 . 

Q 2002 AT&T. All R'ghts Reserwd 



In l'LA!'S IFI Ell.' 

GUARDIAN 
1 S IFI 

DISPLAY Ads 
List under 

EMPLOYMENT 
ANNOUNCEMENTS 

EVENTS 
WANTED 

and other headings! 

1 col. x 1" $1 000 
1 col. x 2" $2000 
1 col. x 3" S3000 
1 col. x 4" $4000 
1 col. x 5" $5000 
Call (858)534-3466 

CiuAAoIAN CLASSIFIEDS 
Www.ucsdguardlan.org 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 

ATTENTION. ~. 

CiuAAoIAN CLASSIFIEDS 
Is there a better place to 
"Announce" your event or news 
that right here? See our Classified 
display rates and contact info on 
this page! (11/1 4) 

EMPLOYMENT 

Nanny (part-t ime) needed, 
Flexible hours . Adorable 10-
month old baby girl. References 
required. $10/hr. Call 
760,294.2253 (11 /21) 

Responsible and loving 
nanny/babysitter needed for 2 
chi ldren. ages 1 and 4. Must pro-
vide references and own a car, 
First aid training requested. Hours 
flexible , 5-10 hrs/wk, Call 
858.793.7796 (11/14) 

If you have 10-75 Ibs to lose, we 
have a career for you. Toil free 
877.885.3051, www.livewelitoo.biz 
(11/14) 

Lose Weight 
for GooCi 
Safer Nutritional 

Program 

Free 5 Day Sample 

1-888-517 -8697 
or visit 

www.goodhealthlessweightcom 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

CLASsIFIEDS 
The UCSD Guardian reserves the right to classify, edil delete offensive words and pharses, 
and/or refuse any and all advertisements Without pnor notificatIOn. The Advertiser Will not 
hold the Guordlon liable lor any claims resulting from the publication of the advertisement 
The publisher \Mil also not be held accountable for any claim from an agreement made 
between the advertiser and the consumer. 
Copy should be reviewed by the advemser for errors. In order to be corrected in the next 
regular Issue, all errors must be reported by the corresponding deadline. Credit will only be 
gIVen for the Incorrect portIOn of the advertisement. There are no refunds for cancellations. 

Classified LINE 
AD Rates 

Students: S5 per 10 words 
Faculty & Staff: SI per 10 words 

All others: S7 per 10 words 
Advance payment is required 

Classified DISPLAY 
AD Rates 

S10.00 per column inch 
Deadlines: 

Please send aI/ correspondence ,ecardine Classifieds to : Publ'cot1On Oote Oosploy Ads 
UC50 Guardian, Attn: Classifieds, 9500 Gilman Drive 110316, La Jolla, CA 91093. Monday Noon Thurs. 3 pm Thurs. 

3 pm Mon. Actual location: Student Center A, Room 117. Thursday Noon Mon. 

Classified Line Ads appear In both the Guardian PRINT and ONLINE edltlons_ 

$1500 weekly potential mai ling 
our circulars , No Experience 
Required, Free information pack-
et. Call 203. 683.0202 (1215) 

California Quivers is looking for 
smart , energetic people to sell fru it 
ice and funnel cakes @ concerts, 
street fairs , & sporting events 
throughout San Diego & Orange 
County. Drivers also wanted, 

. Weekends a must. Email 
jobs@californiaquivers.com or call 
858.558,1300, (11/25) 

WANTED: personal assistant, 
roommate/companion, part-
time position, 18-25 year old 
male. Well groomed. Clean cut, 
Trim and fit. ALL AMERICAN 
GUY. Share luxurious 2 bedroom 
town home in Mission Valley, 
RENT FREE with all amenities; 
fireplace, complete gym, huge 
swimming pools, multiple 
Jacuzzis, Sauna. Complex voted 
#1 place to live in San Diego for 
past six years! Salary $400-
$600/month plus free rent. 
Serious inquiries only! Call Dick, 
619.285.1336. (11114) 

SWIM INSTRUCTORS. $10-$16 
HR. S.D. 858,273,7946 N,C, 
760,744.7946 (3/13) 

Mother's helper: drive child from 
RSF to La Jolla 7:15am M-F, 
errands, light housekeeping, filing, 
858.759.9904. (11/25) 

Asian/Filipina female model 
search for photo and promotional 
work. Make extra $$ in your spare 
time. Call now 619.688.8470. 
(11/18) 

fridge, garage, stairs to sand, 
$1895. 619,813.6033 (11/14) 

Oceanside Home, furnished, 2 
bedroornl2 bath. One block to 
beach/train, washer/dryer, fenced, 
pets ok, $1500/month. 
949.678.6104. (11 /18) 

Quiet Bird Rock, Lux. 3B/2.5b, 
decks, clear views, all appliances, 
lease option available, furnished 
possible/+$, $2,500/MO, 
Lee:800.453.7732. (1215) 

Need a roommate? Then you 
should be checking these pages! 
(11/14) 

FOR SALE 

I'll tell you what's fer sale-my 
dumbells, after one of 'em squer-
shed my pet hamster Liberace. 
Guardian Classifieds is the best 
place around fer selling stuff and 
moving on wilh yer life, (11/14) 

WANTED 

~~~~~~ 
~ WOMEN ~ 

~ BE AN ANGEL!!! ~ 
DONATE EGGS! ~ If you are 21-30 ~ ~ years, healthy, bright ~ 
~ and responsible ~ 

1-800-939-6886 ~ ~ All nationalities needed ~ ~ GENEROUS 'V' 
~ COMPENSATION! ~ 

~~~~~~ 
Seeking someone special? 
Centerpiece Staff needs fun 
UCSD singles interested in a blind 
date for Winter Issue. 822.2068 or 
centerpiece@ucsd,edu (11114) 

Bartender Trainees Needed 
$250 a day potential. Local 
Positions. 1.800.293.3985 ext. 
208 (1/6) 

Volunteers paid $30 for an inter-
view, If you are entirely of 
Chinese, Japanese, or Korean 
descent, age 21 -26, call 
552.8585, ex 5590, (12/5) 

Applicants Wanted to Study Part 
IV of the Urantia Book. EARN 
$25,000. For details Visit 
www.eventodaward.com. (1/30) 

MOVIE EXTRAS/MODELS 
NEEDED No exp necessary, 
Earn up to $150-450/day 
1,800,814,0277x919 (11/15) 

29 people needed, lose weight, 
earn$$$, limited time! 
800.335.7851 . (11/24) 

THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 14,2002 

SERVICES 

CiuAAoIAN CLASSIFIEDS 
DOTUTOR.com Need a TUTOR? 
Hundreds of tutors to your home, 
all subjects, any level, discount 
packages available. 
877.DO.TUTOR, we are hiring, 
(3/13) 

New! Reiki Center for Healing, La 
Mesa, Reiki Treatments, Flower 
Essence, Body Wraps, An imal 
Communicator, Classes, Clinics, 
and more! www.reik icenter-
forhealing.com (11 /21 ) 

Spanish tutoring and translation 
by experienced native instructor. 
All levels, Please call 
858.829.4207. (11/14) 

WIRED INTERNET ACCESS & 
PC games (CS GTA3 WC3 BW). 
Only $3/HR , 9:30-10:30 , 853 
Hornblend St. Pacific Beach, 
858.490.8060. (1117) 

PERSONALS 

Dumb criminal series, finalist: A 
German bank robber forgot to cut 
eye holes in his mask, lifted it to 
demand money, was identified 
and arrested. (11 /14) 

Bird watch: Christian High had to 
forfeit last weekend's football 
game to Crawford because 10 
players were suspended for "inap-
propriate gestures" during a senior 
class photo .. . how original. That 
stunt dates back to the cave draw-
ing. (11/14) 

Remember: the Guardian HOLI-
DAY ISSUE, Thursday, Dec. 5th, 
Ad deadline: Monday, Dec. 2nd, 
(11/1 4) 

MOVIE EXTRAS/MODELS 
NEEDED. No experience neces-
sary. Earn up to $150-450/day, 
1.800.814.0277x919. (1215) 

FOR RENT Advertising 
Solona Beach Surfers Delight. 
3 bedroom, 2 bath townhome_ 
Sunny patio, fireplace, W & 0, 1,2,3 

Laptops 
We sell 'em· We fix 'em - We buy 'em 

Dell latitude Pili 500 $675 
256M 12G 56k 10/100 14 I"TFT ME 

IBM Thinkpad PII266 $425 
160M 6G 561< 13 3"TFT NO ClIS 

PCMCIA 56k Modem X-Jack $29 
PCMCIA NIC 10/100 $19 

6/10/20/30G HD $75185/1051125 
Diagnostics $65 

Please visit OUf site for map & more info: 
www_syncdatacom_com 
Near 1-5 and Balboa Ave 

Sync Datacom 
4901 Morena Blvd Ste 112 

San Diego, CA 92117 

858-270-5459 

1. Visit www.ucsdguardian.~r9 .click o~ "CLASSIFIEDS" in the ADVE RTISING 
box, print our Classified form, fill it out. 

2. FAX it to (858)534-7691 
3. Call us at (858)534-3466 with your CREDIT CARD INFO . It's that easy to 
reach UCSD, 

THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 2002 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

CALLING ALL 
FRE HEN! 

Announcing the NEW ••• 
o Freshman 

eminar Program 
(87-series courses) 
Small and Informal Classes 
1-Unit Credit and P/NP Grade 
8 - 10 Hours Class Time 

Over 50 seminars will be offered Winter Quarter 2003 with topics 
ranging from uCrime Scene Investigations," uHuman Rights 

After 9/11," and uSkateboards, Snowboards, Surfboards, 
and Skis" to name a few. 

Check out the seminars list 
& course descriptions on the 

Freshman Seminar Program web site ... 

http://academicaffairs.ucsd.edu/freshmanseminars.html 

Enrollment is limited, so sign up soon! 

17 



0' 

I . SPORTS THE U D GUARDIAN THURSDAY. NOVEMBER 14.1001 

Knows: MVP must be on a winning team Soccer: Quest for three .. peat 
(l)n cl11l/(·,1 from [>tIRe 20 

he led the lllajors in home run 
II'lth \7 .tntl RBI:~ with HZ. while 
nLlInLlll1ing .1 .300 barling aver-
.IC:C. But his tea l11 '~ record was a 

h~lrrcndnu~ 7~-90. They . tarted 
the ,c.hon \\'ith '> uch high hopes 
mhnc: on the houlder, of stand-
lip gl;) , like John Rocker and CJrI 
F\'cn:tt, yet the Ran gcC'!, tiCll,hct! 
III I,,,t plJce once .tgaln in the dil'l-
'11Jn that ·1"Jacl.t·s A's c.lptured with 
10, \\In, - 30 1110re lh:ll1 the 

bumbling Rangers. 
Which brings up ano ther ques-

tion : As long as Rodriguez is get-
ting paid $25 million per year, will 
the Rangers ever be able to pilt 
enough good players around him 
to be successful as a team? And if 
the Rangers aren't successful, ca n 

-Rod evcr win the MVP award' 
I lank Aaron , baseball's all-time 
home run king. almost went his 
entire career ,vithollt an ,\IVP; 
Illany hal l -of-f'lIncr~ ncn;r gO l 

their hand on one. 
Rodriguez, who is 27 years old , 

is on pace to break Aaron's record 
before he's 40. Bm he hasn't won 
that MVP award because his team 
isn't a winner. And wil1l1ing is what 
matters. Cliche or not, as evidenced 
by the MVP voters, it's the truth. 

The columnist welcomes any 
comments. Readers send him e-
mails at owen@ucsdedu. 

begins at home for Tritons 
continued from page 20 

Midwest representative in a 
ational Quarrertinal the follow-

ing weekend at [he location of one 
of the twO participan ts. In the 
1idwe t Region, ninth- ranked 

Metropolitan tate Coll ege of 
Denver (17-2 -2) trekked to o. 
17 -ranked West Texas A&M (16-
3) for a first-round m<ltch on Nov. 
13 . 

to-ea rth team, although in every 
game the rea m seems like it has 
not on ly maintained, but also 
improved on its a lready exce ll enr 
talents . 

" We have normal practices and 
' no spccial stra tegies .Ire nceded ; we 
like to keep it as simple as pos,i-
hie," McM'II1US said. 

Venturi: Transfer named player of the week 
The victor of that game wi ll 

a Ivancc to Eu mond, Okla ., to con-
tend with the No. II - ranked 
Bronchos of rhe Universirv of 

entr:ll Oklahoma (20-2) ove~ the 
weekend. UCS D smoked UCO, 6-
2, in La J olla, Cali f., in a Nationa l 
Quarterfinal in 2000. T he l'i·itons 
went on to win the national titl e 
that year, thcir first of Division II 

T he Triton record 'pe;lks for 
itse lf: They have ~a pped lhe 
scra mblin g Aggie> in all fivc 
meeti ngs since UCSD joined lhe 
C AA. 

The fluid Illotlon of kicks th~t 
lau nch the ball down rhe liclcl , 
oari ng fli ghts il l ng the ~idelim" 

to head o ff an opponent and 
breathtaki ng boom~rangingo ball, 
011 the goa l arc things fans can 
anticipate. 

" .. "ntlnllf.!J from pd~1.! .!o 
~d on J goo., I bl' tC.lIll111;1tc .\I i 
.\ 1.1I1.1!(hdll to tic the score 1-2 
C.lrlV i~lthe second half en route to 
.1 -+-'3 ' li'ltOn ,·ictory. 

The TnlOns went un to lose to 
three-time defending champion 
Cal State Domin!;.'llcz Ililis 1-0 in 
the Championship Sel1lifina l on 
;\)0\ . H. hut lhey would not have 
.1l,,·.lIKCt! that t'ar or cnjoycd as 
much ~ucce" withuut the contri-
hUt\(Jn, of \ 'e l1tun . 

"lIe WJS II1strlllnental in our 

two wins," coac h Derek 
t\nn~tr()ng aid. "li e cored the 
crucia l goals [againsr Cal Poly 
Pomona] ." 

Venturi , originally fro 111 
Berkeley, Calif. , tra n,ferred to 
UCSD this season afte r spending 
200 I at C reighton Uni vers ity in 
O maha, Ncb. 

rmstrong is very excited 
about Vennlri 's future with the 
lriwns. 

"We will sta rt to see the bene-
'tlt next yea r," rmstrong said. 

.,.,. HUGE 
MUlTI·LEVEl 
ARENA 

Open Until 2am 
fri. & Sal. 

",.,. PARTY AREA 
10 120 GUESTS 

ULTRAZONE 
3146 Sporb Arena Blvd . • Son D~go, (A 
0 .. II. ck Iall .f SO Sport. At ... ! 

(6191 22Hl100 • www.ullral~aadi'9o.[Dm 

Howoi i... ............ $ 
Jamaico ........... $829 
Paris ......... , ......... $584 
Amsterdam ..... $659 

CST" 0 17~ 

www.statravel.com liijTRAVELI 
OnlinE .. on THE PHonE .. on (AmpUl on THE ITAEET 

"H e pent l1Iuch of rhis year 
"djustingo to the uni,'ersity. li e is a 
very manlre player." 

Venturi lead the Tritons this 
!.eason in goals . cored with eighr, 
and in total points with 19. He 
was the first UCS D player to win 
the CCAA Player of [he Week 
award this yea r and onl y the sec-
ond si nee the Tritons joined the 
CCAA in 2000. The previous 
UCS D winner was goa lkee per 
Ryan Weirich , who won the award 
in 200 I. 

competi tion. 
UCSD, currentl y ranked No.6 

nationa lly, will be fi ghting hard 
fo r its fou rth national ti de in a 
row follow in g a Division III 
crown in 1999 and back-to-back 
Divi sion ([ championshi ps the 
past two yea rs. 

Fans can expect no bravado, 
tricks or secrets from this down-

It is a necessiry dlat UCSD has 
t he home-court advanragc with 
loads of cheering fan . 

The NCAA Division [J second 
round game against UC Da"is on 
Nov. 17 will hegin at I p.l11 . at 
VCS D's ' Ir itOn Soccer tadiull1 . 
Tickets are $4 for general adl11isslon, 
$2 for tudents with identi fication 
and $1 for childrcnunder 12. 

IN THE TIME IT TAKeS TO FIND THe CAMPUS 

BOOKSTORE 
you COULD SAve 15% OR MORE ON CAR INSURANCE. 

Ask about our student discount and alumni aHiliation. 
Low down-payment and cOnvenient payment plans. 

Round-the-clock claim service. 

GEICQ fR£! AATE QUOTE 1-80 0 -9 9 8 -9 9 4 5 
DIRECT 

Discount not OVOIllJblt In all statu or In all GlI(O Companlts Govtrnment EmplOJns Insurance Co . • GEICO Cirntrallnsufanct Co • GlleO Indelflnlt) ( 0 • G£ICO 
Cosualty Co These (ompomts art l ubsfdlones of 8erksh,r, HOlhoWQ'j Inc. G£lCO aulo IMuranc« IS not GyollclHe in MA 0' NJ. GEICO. ~Qstu"lton oc. 20016 () 2002 

THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 2002 THE UCSD GUARDIAN PORTS 19 

Honors: Five from women's team recognized 
continued from page 20 

Szafraniec also received the 
Freshman of th e Year honors. 

The Verizon Academic AII -
District honor only goes to II 
men and women in all of NCAA 
Divi sion II , Division III and 

ational Association of 
Intercollegiate Ath let ics institu-
tions. In his 15 starts in his senior 
year this season, Chiles scored two 
goals and aided the team with one 
assist. T his, coupled with his 3.82 
GPA as a molecular biology major, 
earned him a spot on the Academic 
AlI - Districr team for the second 
time. 

Cookson also showed out-
standing ability both academically 
and ath letically in the 2002 sea-
son. He currently maintains a 3.73 
GPA while majori ng in electrical 
engineering, and the goa lkeeper 
has made 51 saves this year while 
posting a low 1.41 goals-against-
average in the 16 games he started 
this season. 

UCS D men 's coach Derek 
Armstrong understands the impor-
tance of his team's accomplish-
ments. 

"What we a re about is a bal-
ance of athletics and sports," 
Armstrong said. "We hope that 
with recognition of the academic 
ability of our athletes, we are 
slowl y breaking down barri ers and 
stereotypes. " 

Mendoza, the only representa-
tive of the UCSD women 's team, 
is not only co-captain of th e team, 
but currently also holds a 3.73 
GPA in biological anthropology. 

Three Tritons1Iamed to 2002 AII-CCAA First Team 

has led 1h& 1Ii\mS. 
throughciut !he ~2" 
season. 

Head coach Brian McMa n us 
explained the difficul ty of bala nc-
ing the ri gors of athletics and a 
UC education. 

"The girls have to be well -orga-
nized in their classes and study 
times with all the travel and prac-
tice they have to attend," McManus 
said. 

Conohan, Jones, Harleson, 
Mendoza and Szafraniec all 
received CCAA honors for their 
contributions to the UCSD 
women 's soccer team, which is 
headed for the NCAA Division II 
championships . 

Fres hman of the Year 
Szafraniec came in as one of five 
freshmen for the Tri tons and per-

Thejuniot 
Ms.beei1lj" " <, . 
fotmidable ford··, 
fOl'1Me Tmons,' . 

for med beyond expectations, earn-
ing her the riri e. 

McMa nus described Conohan 
as "the most consistent midfielder 
in the NCAA D ivision II," and this 
warranted her All-CCAA selec-
tion . 

Harleson and Jones, both for-
wards, work as a team to support 
the Triton women. They are con-
sistent and skilled in their position, 
but together, according to 
McManus, they become a stronger 
force for UCSD. 

"The two of them put pressure 
on the opposing team, and if they 
do not score themselves, they cre-
ate openings for other members on 
the team," McManus said. 

Why: 

When: 

Where: 

Who: 

Meet w ith law school rep resentatives. 

Fri day, Nov. 15 (12 noon to 5 p.m.) 
Saturday, Nov. 16 (1 0 a .m. to 4 p .m.) 

Los Angele s A irp o rt Marriott 
5855 W est Cent ury Blvd . 

Golden Gate Un iv e rsit y S c hool of Law 

Find out about our: Programs in 
Legal Clin ics 
Honors Lawyering Program 
Combine d Degree s 

• Litigation 
• Env ironmenta l Law 
• In tellectual Property Law 
• Public Interest Law 
• International Legal Stud ies 

SCHOOL OF LAW 

536 Mis si o n Street, S an Francisco. CA 94105 
Phone: (415) 442-6630 

Ema il: lawadmit@ggu .edu 

WVvw.ucsdguardian.org Website: www.ggu.eduIJaw 

PEMBROKE COLLEGE, 
UNIVERSITY OF CAMBRIDGE 

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, IRVINE 

BRITAIN 

JUNE 22 
- CAMBRIDGE 

JULY 26, 2003 

OPTIONAL STUDY 

TOUR TO ITALY - FLORENCE, 

VENICE AND ROME 

-



. ~ 

SPORTS 
ChlliF UN 

THURSDAY 
NOVEMBER 14, 2002 

MVPaward 
only goes to 
players on 

goo(l teams 

o Knows 
Owen Main 

W ith everyone getting geared up for the second hal f of the ;--rFL season 
and perhaps one of the most 
intn!!"uing :--rBA season in years, 

then~ were ~ome announcements 
till!> week you may have missed. 

The ,Vlajor Le~gue Baseball reg-
ular-season .'vlost Valuable Player 
awards were handed out (How long 
bas It been si nce the World Series 
ended') . Barry Bonds was the 14th-
ever una nimous choice in the 
:--;ational League, and Miguel 
Tejada edged Alex Rodri guez ro 
win the ,lward in the American 
League. Which bnngs up the ques-
tion: Is the MVP award given to the 
best player 111 the league or ro the 
best player on a good team' 

. ['he answer of the voters was 
resoundinglv in favo r of the latter. 
\ "hat oth-e~ argument for the Ali 
shortsrop could be made' Tejada, a 
member of the American League 
West champion, hit a respectable 34 
home runs and drove in 13 I runs-
definitely good numbers. But Tejada 
didn't rouch Rodriguez's consisten-
cy. What Tejada did was lead his 
team when it mattered most: 
through its 20-game winning streak 
and into the playoffs. And in doing 
so, he overtook his fellow shortsrop 
this season as the most valuable ro 
his team. Let me rephrase that: most 
val uable player to his success ful 
team. I didn 't say the best player. 

In the category of "best" pla yers 
in the league this season , there 
were twO - and only two. 

:\ much as it pains me to talk 
about him in my iirst column, the 
first such player is Barry Bonds. 
He is on another planet. T he guy 
is unbelievable . And I'm a Dodgers 
fan . :'Jot only is he the best player 
in baseball, he is also most val uable 
to his team. Because of him, o ther 
teams change the way they play. 

\ Vith Bonds 111 the lineup, the 
Giants got 111[0 the playoffs WIth 
average pitching and several 
arguably below-average position 
pbyers. Without him in the lineup, 
the Giants are mediocre and my 
Dodgers probably would have 
made the playoffs last year. 

I n many other sports - basket-
ba ll , for example - one player can 
take control of a game almost single-
handedly. This I next to impos ible 
111 baseball, where you have to wait 
your n1rn to bat a~d only with the 
success of others can you have oppor-
n1nities ~ r success of your own. 

But Bonds has managed, unlike 
any other player I've ever watched, 
to make an impact on the way the 
opposition approaches the whole 
game. T his guy change the way 
other teams pitch to every si ngle 
batter in the Giants' lineup, 
because in the back of their minds 
they're thinking, "How many more 
batters unti l Barry's up?" This is 
why Bonds wa possibly the easie t 
MVP choice in hi tory. 

The MVP in the American 
League was a different story. 
Rodriguez, the best player in base-
ball (except for Bonds) has yet to 
win an MVP award . T his season, 

ee KNOWS. Page ,8 

20 

NCAA DIVISION II WOMEN'S SOCCER CHAMPIONSHIP 

Tritons play host in second round 
Playoffs come to UCSD on Nov. 17 CCAA recognizes 

men's and 
women's UCSD 

By MICHAEL SCHOECK 
Staff Writer 

The top- eeded Tritons, 
dominant throughout the sea-
son, earned a first-round bye 
and will host a second-round 
game at the Tr iton Soccer 
Stadium on ;--rov. 17, as gov-
erned by the pairin g 
announcement made on ov. 
10 for the 2002 NCAA 
Division II Women 's Soccer 
Cha mpi onshi p. 

UCS D stands apart with a 
phenomenal record of 15-2 - I, 
and is coming off its thi rd-con-
secutive Cal ifornia Collegiate 

thleric Association South 
Division and CCAA 
Championship titles since 
becoming a conference member 
in 2000. 

T he Tritons, who consistent-
ly bring the heat to every game, 
can expect big things on Nov. 17 
if they maintain the same di ci-
pl ined and persevering mindset 
with which they have 
approached all of their other 
games this eason. 

This focus and motivation is 
what has guided the team to 
where it is today, and although 
there will be a lot of pressure, 

Venturi 
• receives 

weekly 
honors 

By JON MILES 
Contributing Writer 

Tiago Vennlri, a sophomore 
forward for the UCSD men 's soc-
cer team, won the Brine California 
Collegiate Athletic Association 
Men's Soccer Player of the Week 
award for his play during the week 
of Oct. 28 through Nov. 3. 

Venruri helped lead the Tritons 
to a spot in the CCAA 
Championship by providing two 
goals and an 
ass ist du ring 
twO crucial 
road victories. 
During the 
tirst ma tch on 
Oct. 29 versus 
Ca l Poly 
P o mona , 
Venturi scored 
two goals, the 
first one com-
ing in the 65th 
minute to put 

flago Venturi 
Men's soccel 

sophomore fOlWard 

UCSD up 3 - ) , and the second 
comi ng in overtime for a 4-3 
Triton win. 

T he win was extremely impor-
tant; the Tritons trailed Pomona by 
a point in the league standings and 
would have lost control of their own 
destiny if they had lost the game. 

In the second game, agai nst 
Grand Canyon University on Nov. 
2 in Phoenix, UCSD gained an 
automatic berth to the CCAA 
Championship with a win. It came 
with help from Venturi , who assist-

See VENTURI. Page ,8 

fans expect UCSD to continue 
its resilience. 

"One of the toughest parts 
[of the upcoming game] is play-
ing at home - everyone is 
expecting so much," said head 
coach Brian McManus. 

early October preceding 
UCSD's last win in Rohnert 
Park to close out the CCAA 
Championships. 

In October, the Tritons' 
junior standout Shannon 
Harrelson, a Second Team AlI-
CCM selection, scored the 
lone goal in the 25th minute for 
the win over Davis. 

soccer players 
By AMBER MAmN 

Contributing Writer 

T he Tritons are coming off a 
2-1 victory over UC Davis in 
the t1nals of the CCAA 
ChampIOnship at Rohnert Park, 
Calif., on Nov. 9. 

Along with momentum, 
expe rience will :-lIso be on 
UCS D's side as the race for the 
national title begins. The 
Tritons have clinched the gold 
trophy seven times under veter-
an coach McManus, who brings 
not only 16 years of experience 
to the table, but also commit-
ment and vision. As proof of his 
compitence, McManus won the 
200 I Division [[ National 
Coach of the Year award . 

Tea m co-captai n Kristin 
jones, a two-time All-CCAA 
honoree, notched both of the 
Triton goals on Nov. 9 when 
the team controlled not only 
aggressive opponents, but a 
muddy field . 

Even in this environment, 
the UCSD women 's soccer team 
"is not a physical or dirty team," 
McManus said. 

With successful seasons for both 
the UCSD men 's and women's soc-
cer teams, individuals from both 
teams recently received recogni-
tion for their athletic abi lity and 
academic accomplishments during 
the 2002 season. 

Players like Christine 

On the men 's team, goalkeeper 
jeremy Cookson and sweeper Kris 
Chiles were named to the Verizon 
Academic All-District Soccer 
Team, while Megan Mendoza rep-
resented UCSD on the women's 
Academic All-Di strict Team . 

UCSD will play host to sec-
ond-seeded UC Davis (12-6-2), 
the winner of the first-rqund 
affair between the Aggies and 
th ird-seeded San Francisco 
Sta te (12-5-4) on ov. 13 in 
Davis, Calif. 

Wensel , Lauren jacobs and 
Jackie Shaffer have had sensa-
tional performances fo r the 
Tritons on the field, but team 
unity is very important for its 
success during the rest of the 
postseason . 

"Everybody has stepped up 
all year," McManus said. 

The winner of the Nov. 17 
contest will move on to face the 

Also announced earlie r this 
week, Kristin Conohan, Kristin 
Jones, and Mendoza were selected 
to the All-CCAA First team and 
Shannon Harrelson and freshman 
Heather Szafraniec were named 
to the AlI-CCAA Second team. 

See HONORS. Page ' 9 
The Tritons have defeated 

the Aggies twice this season, 
with a 1-0 victory in Davis in See SOCCER. Page ,8 

Crew rows in Washington 
Women's lightweight four takes first place 

By CHRISTINE LIM 
Staff Writer 

The UCSD men 's and 
women's crew competed for the 
first time ever in the annual 
Head of the Lake Competition 
hosted by the University of 
Washington on Nov. 10. T he 
women 's crew competed in three 
races - the open eight, open 
four and lightweight four - fin-
ishi ng last, eighth and first, 
respectively. The men 's crew 
competed in two - the open 
eight and the open double - and 
finished in sixth and last, respec-
tively. 

The men 's crew has only 
competed in one other event this 
season, the ewport Autumn 
Rowing Festival, and its next 
competition is Feb. I. 

At the Head of the Lake, the 
Tritons finished Strong behind 
Go nzaga U niversity and 
vVestern Washington University, 
their strongest competition. 
Overall, Triton men's head coach 
Michael Filippone is happy with 
the results . 

"[At Newport], we didn't race 
as well as we thought we could," 
Filippone said. "We had a new 
vars ity boat, but we've improved 
our speed . The eight race is the 
primary event; we can see how 
fas t we are going against the 
competition." 

Though they placed last for 
the open doubles with a time of 

23 ~40.52, the men's crew com-
peted in the open eight with 
sophomore coxswain Shannon 
Oliver finishing sixth out of ) 0 
teams at 16:37 .89. The Tritons 
were 10 seconds behind 
Western Washington and one 
minute and 20 seconds behind 

Cuardian file photo 
Representing: The women's crew team participated in three races at the 
Head of the Lake meet on Nov. 10, and they kept pace with strong teams. 
Gonzaga. 

"We're right on pace," 
Fi lippone said. 

The women's crew had amaz-
i!lg races in e~ch event. In the 
ope n four, it placed eighth out of 
13 squads with a time of 
22 ~ 20 . 60 . The women's light-
weight fo ur, with junior 
coxswain C laire Romelfanger, 
placed first at 21 ~ 57 . 55 with the 
nearest competition a minute 
and a half behind. 

Unfortunately, there was one 
huge setback that UCSD had to 
face; since the meet was in 
Washington, the women's crew 
had to borrow boats. While they 
practiced for the open eight, one 
of the oar locks broke, meaning 
only seven of the eight girls 
could row. 

"The girls went to talle to the 
officials, and they said to either 
withdraw [from the race] or row 

with even," said women's crew 
head coach Patti Pinkerton. 

Unwi lling to forfei t the race, 
the Tritons raced with only seven 
but finished the race with a time 
of 20:24.60. 

"The coxswain [senior C laire 
Doyle] managed to run a ' good 
course, but had to use the rudder 
a lot," Pinkerton said. 

Despite the rudder slowing 
them down and the lack of one of 
their teammates, the Tritons 
managed to finish only a minute 
and a half behind rival Western 
Washington . 

The big winner in the com-
petition was host University of 
Washington, which competed 
in 13 events and fini shed first in 
six races, second in fi ve races, 
third in one race and fifth in 
another. 

The women's crew's next 
meet is March 2 at UC Irvine . 


