
FEATURES Ughts & Sirens 2 SPORTS 

Meet the candidates Opinion 4 Features • 
A.S. presidential profiles 9 

Baseball swi~ away 
the competition 

Features takes a look at this year's A.S. presidential candidates, 
their slates and independent campaigns - and finds out who 

they are and what they staoo for. page 9 
Classifieds 12 
Campus Calendar 11 

Triton baseball went 4-1 over the 
break, beating CSU Dominguez Hills 
and Azusa PaCific. P~e 16 

UC SAN DIEGO 

2003 A.S. ELEOIONS 
WATCH 

Appeal 
requests 
denied 
Committee 

hears cases of 
3 applicants 

By GAELLE FAURE 
Associate News Editor 

Three A .. elections candidates 
who had filed appeals to the elec-
tions committee Jskll1g to be rein-
stated in the race were denied their 
requests prior to the end of winter 
quarter. 

The three, along with three om-
ers mat opted not to appeal, had 
been disqualified for having filed 
for candidacy belatedly. The candi-
date appealing were Todd ' Iolin, 
vying for me posi tion of 
Commissioner of Diversity Affairs; 
Daniel Gonzale, for Revelle 
College sophomore senator; and 
Billy Ikosipentarhos, for Thurgood 

See APPEALS, Page J 

MONDAY, MARCH 11, 2001 

War advisory group formed 
Committee to oversee campus climate 

By NEIL SPEARS 
Contributing Writer 

VCSD Chancellor Robert C. 
Dynes announced the formation 
of the pecial Advisory 
Committee on War Related 
Matters on March 19. The goal 
of me commirree is to advise the 
chancellor about the impact of 
global conflict on the campus 
community. 

"I want to reassure you that 
we have developed comprehen-
sive plans for enhancing campu 
safety, sustaining campus opera-
tions, and issuing timely news 
updates," Dynes stated in a 
March 20 campus norice. 

The committee is composed 
of a dozen representatives from 
different areas of campu opera-
tions. 

"Pan of me goal is to make 
su re that the campus isn't being 
reactive, bur being proactive and 
preventive and educational," said 
committee co-chair Darlene V. 
Willis, executive administrative 
officer for the vice chancellor of 
student affairs. 

C urrently, the committee 
meets weekly wim the chancellor 
to keep him apprised of campus 
events and to recommend policy 

Tyler Huff/GlJOrc/ion 
War fever: The Special Advisory Committee on War Related Matters Will 
oversee how the war In Iraq affects the campus community. 
changes mat are related to me 
war. 

In addition, me committee 
will serve as a communication 
vehicle to the campus communi-
ty. 
. "We feel mat it's our respon-

sibility to make sure [hat the 

campus community is knowl-
edgeable," said Linda M. 
Williams, assistant chancellor 
and co-chair of the committee. 

One of the committee's 
objectives is to make ure me 

See WAR. Page J 

2003 A.S. ELECTIONS WATCH Well-deserved break 
Slates hold space 
with club posters 
Signs hung to hold place for 
Unity, Students First! poster 

By STEVEN win 
Contributing Writer 

For the 5ecoml vear III J row, 
po;ter~ were hung' III the Price 
and Student CCJ1ler\ prior to the 
legal campalgnlllg season to 
hold the place of candidate.' 
campaign posters. 

Members from the I1Ity and 
Srudents First! lates replaced 
poster, advertising orgal1l13t10nS 
~uch :lS Queer People of olor 
.111<1 703 Production .. with cam-
p.l1gn posters promoting their 
late and candlda te~. 

Cllnp:l1b'lllng legally began at 8 
p.m. nn !\I,lr h 30. 

Ac urdlllg to AS. e1ecllon 
bylaw .. , ~uch pra ' lIce, arc not 
tech 111 ally lIegal but do raise 
que lion, about camp,llgn 
ethJc ... The controver~lal I"ue 
first arose In .. t year and h,l', not 
been addrcs5ed In the .S. e1ec-
lion hylaw,. 

311lltdJtes that partook in 

the postcr-~witchll1g process said 
that the strategic po ter-hangll1g 
spaces were at a premium, nnd 
that they couldn't afford to miss 
out on tho,e spaces. 

"\\ 'e don't necessarih' like to 
do It, bur It wa~ donc ia,t year 
and it is unfornll1atcly p,\rt of 
the elections," said A .. 
Presidential candidate jeremy 
Gallagher of the Unity Slate. 
"\\'c want to succeed." 

nlty i~ not the only ,Iatc 
tIlJt has engaged in lhe~ ' prac-
lice,> this ve,lr. 

"We Jid not W,lI1t to do it, 
uut we sa w others dOll1g II Jnd 
wanted to be ab le to ompete," 
S3HI Studcnts First l A.S. 
Pre Illentl:ll call1hd.lte Ke\'111 

hawn I bu . " \ e would prefer 
to a~k the ~tlldcnt organlzJ-
tlon for their pmter pacc 
alter they were throllgh, how-
ever," 

Sec POSTERS, Page ~ 

Rebecca Otexier/C<JordlCJn 

catching rays: John MUIr College senior Christine Platt IS among the throngs of 
beach bums who enjoyed their spnng brea at the sunny shores of San Diego. 

WEATHER SPOKEN SURF 
"The lections REPORT ~ ; ( 
ommitt e <tv nt March 31 Marth 11 Apnll Wind Vd' 8 to 12 Kl 

H 76 l57 H 70 L SS above and b and Wind .... J. 2 to & It Swell· .l to 61t 
~ tit all of due." f ... ApriJ 1 

'-/ f 
- Paul De\Nine, Wind N 8 to 15 t Apnl1 AId 1 Wind waves' 012 It 

H62 L~ H 64153 A.S Council Adviser 11.3 to 7 h 

VOLU,\IE 109, [ seE I 

Jacobs 
family 

donates 
$110 M 
Gift part of 
$1 billion 

fundraising 
campalgn 

By LISA MAK 
Staff Writer 

Irwin Jacobs. former C 'D 
engineering profes or and CEO of 
QUJlcomm Inc., and hI Wife JOJn 
Jacob have announced a 110 mil-
lion gift to the Jacobs School of 
Engineenng. The gift is in 'upport 
of the Campaign for VC 0 : 
"Imagine \Vhat's Next," a e\'en-
year fund-raising initiative that 
began in July 2000 and will con-
clude in June 1007 . 

"It's a great pleasure to be able 
to make this type of gift and to kick 
off or sustain thi campaign," said 
Irwin Jacobs. "I mink it's very, very 
important to the university, to the 
Regents, to me state, to the coun-
try." 

The Jacob' gift will include 
10 million payable over the ncxt 

five yea rs and a planned gift of 
100 million, making it the 

largest gift in UCSO's history as 
well as one of the largest gift ever 
granted to an engineering school 
in the nation. 

The Jacob' current 10 mll-
hon gift will be used for faculty 
recruitment .md the jacobs ' chool 

cholar and Fellow, a program 
the couplc established III 2000. 
'LXty percent of the pl.lnned 1 DO 

11111110n f,[lft will be .In unrc,trictcd 
cndowlI;ent for the engll1ccnng 
,>chool, 1" pcrcent will be u,ed for 
(he Scholar .. Jnd Fellow,> progral1l 
Jnd the rel11JII1Jllg 15 percenr I'> 
Intended for the crCJtIlll1 of 
endowed clwrs jomriy ,IPPOIIIll:d 
to the J aeob" School Jnd the ne\\ 
,\ \anJgemcnt ·chool. 

"lrwlI1 and JOJn', gencrml!) 
wll! have ,I profound Jnd long-Ia~t­
II1g Impact 011 our englnecrlng 
program of thi unin:rslty Jnd of 
'all Diego," SJld Frclder SCI hie, 

dean of the J,lcob~ :chool of 
Fngll1ccnng. "They hJ\(; nlJdc ,111 
II1ve,UlIelll 111 {he future lh.n will 
enable the "dlOOI to elller the 

rJnk~ of {he top cngll1ccrll1g 
,choob 111 the nJlIOI1 , .11111 to ,u'-
r.lln .I Incl of excellencc thJr QUI 
"tudent!> rCllulre .tnd dc,en c." 

TheJ.lcob,' gtft to tht: ,>chuul 01 
engllleenng WJ' .11111011I1Ct:d 111 

e JACOBS, Page 7 



INEW THE U D GUARDIAN M NDAY. MARCH 31. 2003 

BRIEFLY 
Month of activities 

celebrates Cesar E. Chavez 
The life and achievements of Cesa r E. 

Chavez. labor nghts and Chicano Civil Rights 
Movement leader, will be celebrated with a 
series of UCSD events spanning the month 
of April under the theme 'Celebrate, 
Educate, Serve,' 

The legacy of Chavez will be shOlNCased 
in lectures. films, a poetry series. a youth 
essay contest and the unveiling of the Cesar 
E. Chavez commemorative stamp, among 
other events. 

Ledurers include California State Senator 
Richard Polanco, who will speak on 
'Creating the Cesar E. Chavez Holiday' In 
the Warren College Ampitheater at 11 :30 
a.m. on April 4. Polanco authored the legis-
lation creating the holiday. 

The 2002 Sundance Film Festival award-
winning film, 'Real Women Have Curves: 
will screen at 7 p.m. and 10 p.m. on April 22 
at the Price Center Theatre, followed by a 
lecture from its co-screenwriter Josefina 
Lopez at 7 p.m. on April 23 in the Price 
Center Theatre. Lopez. whose film features 
Chicana/Latina women. will speak on 'Real 
Women Have Courage: From San Luis 
Potosi to Hollywood.' 

The 25th Annual Cultural Celebration, 
Included in the month's activities, will take 
place on April 12 from 1 1 a.m. to 5 p.m. in 
Thurgood Marshall College, featuring musIc. 
food, dance and art from around the world. 

The commemorative stamp will be 
unveiled on Apnl 21 In Pnce Center Plaza. 

For the complete list of events, visit 
httpjlucsdnev6.ucsd.edu/chavezevents.htm 
or call (858) 534-9689. 

Leading geochemist and 
Scripps professor dies 
Professor Harmon Craig. a leader In inter-

national research of the earth's chemical 
properties working with he Scripps 
Institution of Oceanography since 1955, 
died at Thomton Hospital from a heart 

Errata 

attack on March 14, one day shy of his 77th 
birthday. 

In 1988, Craig was awarded the Balzan 
prize, an intemabonal award likened to the 
Nobel Prize in fields which are not included 
in the Nobel categories. He was the first 
geochemist to win the prize. 

During his career, Craig led scientific 
expeditions to investigate some of the 
earth's most inaccessible places, including 
the crater of an active underwater volcano. 

CraiR's work played a major role in initiat-
ing and directing an intemational oceano-
graphic project named the Geochemical 
Ocean Sections Study. which investigated the 
isotopic properties of the world's oceans. 
GEOSECS's results represented the most 
complete set of ocean chemislTy data ever 
collected and proved important in the 
advancement of the geochemical field of 
study. 

A memorial service will be held on April 
4 at the Scripps Institution of 
Oceanography in the Martin Johnson 
House at 3:30 p.m. 

UCSD neuroscientist to 
deliver BBC lectures 

Neuroscientist V.S. Ramachandran, a 
UCSD professor of psychology and direc-
tor of the UCSD Center for Brain and 
Cognition, has been seleded to deliver the 
Reith lectures, a prestigious ledures series 
broadcast by the BBC. The series will take 
place in England with he exception of the 
fll1al lecture which wil l take place In La 
Jolla at the Neurosciences Institute on 
April 8. 

Ramachandran's senes will be on 'The 
Emerging Mind.' Ramachandran. who 
authored the critlcallr acclaimed book 
Phantoms of the Brain, has published over 
120 articles on topics including the brain's 
perception of art and the phenomenon of 
phantom limbs. 

The senes Will air on BBC Radio 4 
throughout April and will be available online 
at hnp.//w.vw.bbc.co.uk/radio/reith2003 
beglnlllng Apnl 2. 

In the hrch 13,2003, Issue of the UCSD Guardilll1. the story titled ~Expansion fee 
to be voted on 7th week: A.S. Counci l approves referendum to expand University 
Centers," the headlines incorrectly refers to the approval of a expansion project to be 
voted on at the March 12, 2003, meeting of the council. In actuality, the council did 
not pass the University Centers Expansion Task Force's proposal, but heard only heard 
the task forces propo ai , as stated in the body of the story. The task force will present 
a proposal again at the A.S Council's April 2 meeting. The GllIJrdlal1 regrets the error. 

GtWft)~ 
Jo5h Crouse EdItor in ChIlI 

Lauren I. COirtney ........ EdItors 
ChIme Tran 

Mather Martin Copr Editor5 
Cirlllt Schrade! 

Evan McUughIin News EdItor 
CiaeIle Faure AuociatIe News Editors 

Claire J. Vannette Opinion Edilcw 
Jessica t.qeI AIIocWt 0pW0n Editoa 
Danielw.as 
AftJ ICumat SpertI EdItM 
Owen Main AIIodIde 5pofIS Edilor 

!Carll Dewries FaIures EcIIIors 
&Irri Worth 

Rinaldo Donn.n HIItus Editor 
Anne Conr-Huyen AAodIIe HYtus UJIors 

CJayton Worfol 
*' Hull Photo EdItor 

Kenridt lNIB Ciriphlcs E&itor 
Zhi-Nin& L.iq .. EdItor 

EcIIoriII AIIiItIaI 
Mlmette Federis 
,.a..,oua 

Jennifer Ow ... Utherine Chiu, Ed Ml 
c." ..... 

BrIncIon ICib, Marina lMIsIU, DeepI MlIIOhIra 

Milte Mirtinez ~ Art DIredDf 
...... AI ...... 

Emilee Sduner, Shir. Stanton 
AMrtIsiIIc AIIiItInt 
Kimberly Hopkinson 
~ AcauIt ElIecuthw 

M1rOlIl Malik. Abislil Millon 
NIItworII~ 

True Xions 
~Desip -L.,..e 

NickSM 
CIIaMIIan 

tfd Arther, Kim Hopkinson. John Healey 
1IIf tJCSD GurIoIaI. (IIdIIIIII MtlrId¥ onI1IU1dIj5 
~ .... ICIdIrrit.,.. "" N tar tie ... ttl UCSD 
~ 0I 1he .......- 1I ..,brr\ ......, .. 
..... (JI ll s-t 1IIiIfWIIa.....- iI SIdr pcHiIed. 0 
2003. ,. .... ___ "'" IJCSI) Cuodrw> IS "'" tepCIft 
... b .. _ttl .......,.~ar .. "" 
... epeMd '-'cIo nal~_ r. 
...... aI",. «:lD~, r. UniwJSrIly d 
CAIIfomoo Of A6Soc.-d SrudI!nIL TIw /Ja() Cow...., " 
fII>ded willy '" ~ RIP. ~ Ume flq.abech S1Wr. SIMI ~ -', be Iht _ 

C-.I EcIitoMI: 858-5JC.4i581 
News and feltures: 8sa-S14-S216 

Opinion, 5poItI, Photo: 8sa-S34-4iS82 
HiMus: 8se-sl4-65l1 

Advertitini OffIce: .58-534-3466 
faa: ... 5J4-7H1 

E-nHJiI: ~.-ditm.twg 

~ONLINE 
_ .ucsdguardiiln.org 

.",. UCSD GwrdlGn 
HOG r.u..n Dr. OSII. 

u ..... CA 91013-0311 
AclullIocMJon; Second RooI. UC50 
5&JdenI CenI!r ~ A, Rm. 217 

ETCETERA ••• 
rice n ' vice b y kenrick l eung 

ll-lE GREAT THING A80VT 
APRIL FOOlS' DAY IS THAT 
YOO CAN GET AWAY WITH 
ANYTHING , 

YOU CAN EVEN HAVE 
OTHER PEOPLE 00 YOUR 
WORICl , 

LIGHTS It SIRENS 
Sunday, March 16 

11 :[4 a.m.: Officers arrested a 47-year-
old male nonaffil iate at 7949 Lowry Terrace 
on outstanding felony warrants for vehicle 
theft and twO misdemeanor warra nts for ille-
gal lodging and failure to appear. Transporud 
to Cmtral Jat!. Bail: $60,000. 

Monday, March 17 
2:50 a.m .: A 20-year-old female srudent 

suffe red a head injury after fa ll ing in the 
bathroom at Brennan Hall. Tril l/sported to 

cripps Mrmon'al Hospitlll by parllmtdlCS. 
9:35 a.m .: A tudent reported the theft of 

a black Cannon dale CAD2 mountai n bike at 
Paci fi c Hal l. Loss: $400. 

12:30 p.m. : A student reported the theft 
of a black and si"'er Giant Boulder mountain 
bike at 3 3 7 [ Lebon Drive. Loss: $200. 

Tuesday, March 18 
8:18 a.m.: A staff member reported a bur-

glary at York Hall. Loss: $800. 
1 :18 p.m.: Officers detained a 31-year-old 

female nO'1affi liate for endangering herself 
and others on Library Walk. Trlllzspomd to 
rtsidmct by officer. 

1:57 p.m.: A student reported the theft of 
a purse at Applied Physics & Mathematics 
annex. Loss: $300. 

3 p.m.: A suff member reported the theft 
of a yellow Jeep B21 mou ntain bike at 
RIMAe. Loss: $)00. 

Wednesday, March 19 
I :38 p.m.: A staff member reported the 

theft of a wallet at the luley Eye Cemer. 
l"Qss: $139. 

Thursday, March 20 
11 :58 a.m. : A student reported the thefl 

of a silver and blade Pacific Elite B21 moun-
tain bike at Stein C hemical Research. Loss: 
$100. 

2:25 p .m.: A 20-year-old female tudent 
complai ned of loss of consciousness at Geisel 
Library. Sub;m refllstli treatmmr. 
Friday, March 21 

2:54 a.m.: A 51-year-old male nonaffiliate 
compl ained of leg pai ns at 8900 Vi lla La Jolla. 
Transporttd to Scnpps Memorial Ho.rpital by 
paramedics. 

7:03 ;a.m.: A 46-year-old male nonaffiliate 
injured his back wh ile surfi ng nea r the 
Scripps Insti tution of Oceanography. Sub;rrr 
sollght privatt treatmtnt. 

10:10 a.m.: Officers arrested a 42-year-
old male nonaffiliate fo r an outstandi ng war-
rant for possession of marijuana. Bail: $6,000. 

11 :22 a.m.: A staff member reported the 
theft of a wetsui t at Vaughn Hall. Loss: $100 . 

5 p.m.: A student reported the theft of a 
red MGX B24 mountain bike at Brennan 
Hall . Loss: $100. 

8:30 p.m.: Offi cers impounded a red 1986 
is an 100SX at 9[72 Regents Rd. for having 

a registration expired for over ix month . 
Stored lit tar Tuwing. 

Saturday, March 22 
11 :32 a.m.: A 17-yea r-old ma le nonaffili-

ate suffered conrusions to his face playing 
soccer at Warren Field . Tra7lSporttd /0 /TIppS 
Mtm017alllospifal by Offictt: 

11 :55 a.m.: fficers arrested a 23-year-
old ma le nonaffiliate at cholars Drive North 
for drivi ng unl icen ed and uninsurrd vehicle. 
Vtbrclt stored III SIal' "JUwmg. 

- Compiled by Evan McLaughlin 
nvj Elinor 

Posters: Slates look to capture 
strategic space by placing orgs' signs 

conl/nued from page I 
Other candidates expressed their oppo i-

tlon to these campaign tactics, saying they 
were unfaIr. 

"The People 's Parking Party IS not gOlllg 
to take part 111 the shady practices of the polit-
Ical machme ," said II1dependent A.S. presI-
dential candidate Bryan Barton. 

Barton IS technically slated as an 
Independent, bUl IS represcnong an Illforll1a l 
coalition called the People's Parking Party. 

"We want to WIl1 fair and Quare and hope 

that the lates feel the same way. Let's let the 
voters deCIde," hc said. 

Barton was not alone 111 h.is opposition , 
"[ despiSe and detest the e actiol1!> of the 

other ca ndidates," ~aid ew Students F,r't 01 
the Unity Acuon Parlcing Wave late A.S. 
presidentIal candidate Bryan Ulga after Wit-
nessing U IlI ty late member repla e "703 

Producoon~" posters WI th lhelr own posters 
after the offi CIal campaign began. 

A.S. Elections Manager Rohill Shelton 
decl ined comment on the matter. 

MONDAY. MARCH 31. 2003 THE U D GUARDIAN NEWS} 

War: Committee formed to advise Dynes Appeals: Committee rules 
late candidates out of race continued {rom page I Principles of Community are 

upheld during this ti me. 
"These principles promote 

open expression within the 
bounds of courtesy, sensitivity, and 
respect," Dynes wrote in a March 
19 campus notice. 

Campus securi ty is another 
major pa rt of the committee's 
agenda. 

"Our officers 3re alert, we arc 
always loolcing for suspicious 
activity, things that we perhaps 
can identify as potential threats on 
campus, and we conti nue to do 
that," said UCS D Police Chief 
and committee member Orvi lle 
King. 

King expressed apprec iation 
that recent demonstrations rela t-
ing to th e war have been peaceful. 
Ki ng al 0 tated that the depart-
ment has th e resources available to 
deal with any unrest that may 
occur, although he doe not expect 
any violent protests. 

"We are going to manage this 
campus sa fel y irrespective of the 
di rection of the war," King said. 

Committee member Carmen 
Vazquez, a isrant vice chancellor 
of swdent life, aid that the uni-
versi ty has a unique and pecial 
role in protecting the afc!y, 
health, we ll being and free pecch 
of el'eryone on campus. 

"These are ve ry stressful 
times that are taxing on people," 
Vasquez said. "Know that UCSD 
wi ll work with [students] on an 
individual level, we will have the 
resources and the suppOrt avail -
able to help [student 1 in the 
context of a universiry commuOl-
ty." 

While initial appointments to 
the commi nee have been made, 
Vazqucz aid the composition of 
the commi nee can ch~nge as con-

ditioJls warrant. 
"As our nati on heads into war 

with Iraq, many of us in the 
U niversity of California family 
feel a close connection to events 
occurri ng abroad," UC President 
Richard e. Atlcinson wrote in a 
March 19 letter to the UC com-
munity. 

"Wh ile there may be dis-
agreements within the 
Uni versity community over the 
advisabil ity of mi litary action in 
Iraq, it is important that we all 
remember, now more than ever, 
the important ro le the University 
plays as a pl ace of reasoned 

" . . . We wiU have the 
resources and the support 
available to help you in 

the context of a university 
. " commumty. 

- Cannen Vasquez. assistant 
vice chancellor of student rife 

inquiry and civil di course," 
Atkinson wrore. 

Atkinson mentioned that the 
university is worlcing closely with 
its srudy centers overseas to 
ensure the safety of students in the 
Education Abroad Program. 

Atki n on and Dynes expressed 
concern about students and staff 
with family and friend ill the mil-
itary. 

"Throughout this stressful 
period, 1 a k each of you to make a 
pecial effort to extend courte y to 

your colleagues, especially to 
those whose loved ones are serv-

ing in the Armed Forces," Dynes 
stated. 

Dynes made clear that even 
though "th is wi ll not be a 'busi-
ness as usua l' ti me," scheduled 
classes and examinations wi ll not 
be interrupted. 

Currentl y, the UCSD Police 
Department has not been affected 
by the activa ti on of mi lita ry 
reservists. 

With the national terror threat 
level raised to orange, campus 
residents will likely see an 
increase in the vis ibil ity of resi-
dentia l securi ty officers. Off1cers 
are not currently on special 
ched ul ing. 

In the event that the terror 
th rea t level is raised to "severe," 
plans are in place to increa e offi-
cer coverage th roughout campus . 
SuppOrt from the an Diego 
Police Depa rtment and San Diego 
Sheriff wi ll conti nue to be avai l-
able as needed. 

J effrey Phi lpott, committee 
member and dea n of student 
affairs at Earl Warren College, 
expressed hopes that the commit-
tee can continue to facilitate and 
safeguard an envi ronment where 
respectful dia logue can free ly 
occur. 

"Our war effort really should 
be doing the very best that we can 
do at UC D," Phil pott said. 

Phi lpott expressed concern 
that students may feel a sense of 
unea ine s that he hopes the com-
mittee can combat. 

"[, as someone who works here 
as a campu constituent just like 
any of the tudents or staff or fac-
ulty, would like ro believe that the 
university is doing everything it 
can possibly do to ensure our afe-
ty and our well-being. I think 

ce ADVISORS, Page 7 

continued from page I 
Marshall College junior senator. 

T he high number of disquali-
fied candida tes comes amidst a race 
with a low candidate turnout, wi th 
numerous candidates running 
unopposed. 

It is also the fi rst year that any 
candida tes have appealed decisions, 
according to A.S. Council adviser 
Paul DeWine. 

"The elections committee went 
above and beyond the ca ll of duty 
to look at the circumstances," 
DeWine said. 

Disqualified candidates were 
allowed to submit a one-page expla-
nation stating their case to the AS. 
elections committee. According to 
elections manager Robin Shelton, 
the committee made its deci ion 
sticking strictly to the elections 
bylaw, which states that all candi-
dates had to turn in lheir complete 
candidacy packet, which includes 
the signanl res needed to run, by 
noon on the designated due date. 

"Unless there's some explana-
tion that~ out of the ordinary, the 
committee traditionally tries to fol-
low the elections bylaws as closely 
as possible," DeWine said. "If they 
don't, they're leaving themselves 
open to problems in other areas of 
the bylaws." 

Some of the candidates whose 
appeals were denied, however, sug-
gested that other options could 
have been pursued. 

"The fact of the matter IS that 
this is one of the lowest turnouts of 
candidates in . . elections, and I 
thought the elections committee 
could take that a little more into 
consideration," Ikosipemarho said. 

Ikosipcntarhos, whose candida-
cy packet was submitted about two 
and a half hours late, said that he 

fo rgot the time for filing with AS., 
but felt tha t since he had filed in 
time with his college, he should be 
allowed to be reinstated as a sena-
tor candidate. 

"I'm a Marshall senator first, then 
an AS. senator," rkosipentarhos said. 

He said that he was looking into 
revising the bylaws to allow the elec-
tion committee to take a closer look 
at the circumstance of a case. 

"Even though the bylaws are 
there for judgment calls, that was a 
bad judgment call," Iko ipentarhos 
said. 

Gonzales, who was attending a 
United States Snldent AmlCiatJon 
conference at time of filing, had 
submitted only part of hiS packet 
before leaving and did not turn in 
the rest of the packet until later that 
evening, prompling the elections 
committee to deem his case as 
"late" and not "i ncomplete," In 
which exceptions were made If can-
didates could not immediately com-
plete their packet due to "legiti-
mate" circumstances. According to 
Gonzales, the elections committee 
was just in following the bylaws, but 
he suggested that a preferable 
option 1V0uid be to hal'e a write-in 
on the ballot for the late candidates 
to still be allowed to run. 

According to SheltOn, this could 
only be feasible next )'ear if the AS. 
Counct! decided to propose uch a 
change. 

"Right now, we will only apply 
the current bylaw," heltOn SJid. 

Tolin wa unavailable for com-
ment a t press tllne. 

Other late candidates who cho e 
not to appeal were Gabe Grossman, 
vying for the position of A.S. pre i-
dem; Raul Perez. for \;ce preSident 
of finance; and Emil)' RIch . for a en-
atonal position. 

sP"rnG QU8"TC!" ElIICK TO SCHOOL DOMINO'S DELIVERS TO U C 5 D I 

F!rLm !!~C!CraL 
OnR WRRK OnL VI 
ma"CH !1·a~"rL ~ 

reg 35mm film • all exposures 
no APS, BIW, or slides 

Price Center Plaza 1st Floor • booIcstcn.uad.edu (8581 534-2875 
M-Th 7am-8pm • Fri 7am-6pm • Sat tam-5pm 

Open Most Sundays Noon-5pm 

TuesdaylVVednesday 
only! 

Buy ONE 
Get ONE 
FREEl 

CALL 4S1-UCSD 
3211 Holiday Ct. ( 452 - 8 273) 

Hours: Sun.-Thurs. lO am- I am. Fri. & Sat. 10 am-2 am 
For convenIence use your 

Triton 1!1~~ Charres for voice orders only please 
Order ONLINE at www.Dom/nosSanDlego.com 

r.---------~---------~---------~ 
MEDIUM DOUBLE DEAL $9:9 

MEDIUM 
Cheese PIZZAS 
Addl1Jonol t09P/np $1 each 

...A.. UCID DOMINO' 1 
"V 451-817J 

I I I GOT CHICKENl TUES./WED. SPECIAL 

$ 5 ft" Buy any plZla at ~ ~ full menu pr~ce and get a 2nd pizza ... FREE Buffalo Wings or 
Buffalo 

Chicken Kickers 
Offer good 

Tuesdays & Wednesdays 



OPINION Pea's-eye view The Guardian's newest columnist contemplates the obstacles facing students sliding from major to major, from Weeders to Flutters. 
page AS 

MONDAY 
MARCH :51, 2003 

4 

Media mindlessly promote war 
Biased coverage of Iraqi conflict misinforms public 
I ['S a sad ttme to be a journalist. If there's one thing that's been made quite clear over the past 
two weeks during Operation Iraqi 
Freedom, It's that the Amencan 
people ha\'e been misled and mistn-
formed, and it's all the mec.lta's 
fault. 

Am' accusatton that the 
American press IS overly liberal or 
leftist has surely been negatcd as a 
result of the 7.calous jingoism and 
blatant band-wagoning that has 
been present ll1ce the start of the 
war in Iraq, a presence found 
evef}'Wherc from new magazll1e 
to broadcast journalism, the 
evening news to the aturday 
E\'cntng Post. In tcad of faithful, 
hl-parti an reporting, tile public i 
gl\'en gung-ho, pro-war propagan-
da. Instead of tn-depth press covcr-
age, the public recel\'e lanted , 
demonizing tactics that reach back 
to the begtnning of documented 
warfare. And in tead of accurate, 
lImel), news the pubhc gets drama-
llzed realttyhows that encapsulate 
the worst aspect of the Amcncan 
medIa . 

lake the realt!!' ,holl' "Profiles 
Fr()m thc Front Lll1e." Accordmg 
to an article 111 71" j,j '(lJbm!flol1 Post 
on hrch 16, ,\BC has cancelled 
thc ,ho\l due to worne, that \'Ie,, -
crs would confuse rim rcalln' 
\cnes, shot months ago, WIth new's 
covcrage The fact that tOP T\' 
executives con Idcr the faIled jerry 
Bruckhelmer productlon compara-
ble to Torn Brokaw IS a rea on for 
concern m Itselr. :--:ews ha hecome 
more than tnformatton ; it's now 3 
source of entertainment. nd even 
I f the reall ty sho" IS 
cancelled, the ~ub,ecuve 
cover-

. . 

age of indi\iduals will doubtless 
continue. 

Or look at the glut of coverage 
shOWing hocked and horrified 
military personnel describing the 
cruel and unusual tactics of 
Saddam's Republi can Guard. 
Obviouslr, the idea that someone 
would pretend to surrender only to 
open fire on troops IS disgu ting, as 
is the Idea of attacking one's O\nl 
population, or disguising armed 
uoop~ as civiliam. But surely these 
violatlons of CIVIlized warfare 
should come as no a tonishing rev-
elation from an army - perhaps a 
group of guerilla militia would be a 
better term - that tS outmatched 
and outclassed In nearly every 
realm of technology and uaining. 
Those sU3tegie should be con-
demned, but they shouldn't be a 
urpnse. 

The medIa's force-feeding 
inteniews with U.S. militar}' 
men who seem not onl" 
appalled but amazed by . 
these atrocIties is merely 
an age-old attempt to 
demolllzc the enemy, 
an attempt to Jusufy 
and rationah7e In\'a-
sion. The repeated 
cameo, of one 
bngadler general after 
another haklllg hIS 
head In sad shock at 
illegitimate military 
tactic, IS the result of 
a pres\ eager to paint 
a damaglllg portraIt 
of I ralp 

.. .. . .. 

, 

NATIONAL 

troops and their repugt'ant leader. 
Evil as Saddam and hi s regime 
may be, the press is under no 
obligation to go out of their way 
to make sure that every evening 
news broadcast illustrates every 
Iraqi troop as a carbon-copy of 
their hcad of state. 

Of course some blame should 
probably go to the military itself. 
Reporters have been given 
unprecedented access to the U.S. 
and British military during the war 
in Iraq, but with that unprecedent-
ed access c mes an unprecedented 
opportunity to control mcdia cov-
erage. 

The practice of "embedding" 
correspondents - assigning an 
individual mcmber of the press to 
a single division or battalion - i 
not perhaps as much a boon to the 
media as one might think. After 
aI!, orne journalists worry that 
being cmbedded wilh the military 
might bc tantamount to bell1g in 
bed with the mt!itan'. And such 
coziness is more likely than th e 
contrary fear of ~ome I'll the mili -
tary that letting journaltst into 
their tcnt, Ittcrally and figurativc-
I)" will Icad to a barrage of ncga-
tive storics. 

In faCt, UllS i~ 111ml likely a 
response ro the IlO\\ cr of the media 
to paInt a picture of war. Thmk 
back to Somalia tn 1992, and 
evening news Images of American 
soldiers being dragged through the 
streets. The militaf} can avoid 

bel n g 
forced 
Out of 
3 war 
by .1l1 
angry 
pop -

ulace if they can bctter control the 
media. And thus they're using a 
system in which each reporter is 
kept from access to the war as a 
whole, and will be limitcd to cover-
age of a sole unit. 

Embedded reporters could be 
tempted to stay on friendly terms 
with their unit in order to ensure 
continued access. ome might 
even be prone, for the sake of a 
good srory or because they havc 
been SWCpt up by the camaraderie, 
to play up actS of heroism and play 
down any lapses . Embedding 
reporters IS the best alrernativc 
for J lot of parties - the mtlit .lry 
IS able to control mllch more of 
the prcss than usua l, and the 
reporters get to transmit live cov-
erage of any interesting activity. 
The people who are mOM likely to 
suffer from this practice is the 
public. 

If the Vielnam \\'arwas the first 
to be seen in the livin~ room, this is 
the first ne to be w<Itched live. It IS 
Important , then that these image, 
we see are not tainted and twisted 
by a press lhat is rall)'ing around 
the leader. I t IS morc IllipOrt.ll1l 
than ever, m fact, to search for 
unbia ed, uncompronllsed III for -
mation from accuratt! and reliable 
sources. 

Thomas Jefferson once wrote 
that "Our liberty depends on the 
frcedom of the press, and that 
ca nnot be Illnited wtthout bClllg 
10 I." This war is beIng fought in 
the name of frcedom and democ-
racy. It would be a tragic thll1g 
indeed if the meri c.ln people lost 
their freedom to Illlpartlal Infor-
mallon because of ;1 press thH W.I' 
limited not by a totalit.lrLlIl 
regllne, IHIt by ItS own self-
Illlposed IIll1itatiom of lOllrllJhstlc 
ethIC and value. 

By 
Jessica 
Lingel 

Associate 
Opinion 

Editor 

MONDAY, MAR H 31, 2003 THE UCSD GUARDIAN OPINION 5 

Observing UCSD students shows education paths 
'Elective Sliders' shift from major to major, trying to avoid 'Fluffers' 
pe~'s-eye 

view 
Sam Wilson 

W orking at a coffee stand on campus, zoning out between the rushes dur-
ing class breaks, is like viewing a 
time-lap c film of UCSD students 
as they trek betwecn classes. A.nd I 
must say, you all look pretty si ll y. 

Most of you look exhausted, 
wi th your backs bent from tcxt-
books, eyes half open, squinting at 
the ground. I f I didn't k.now any 
better, I'd think you were looking 
for Scantron circles. Similar to 
crop circles, the e ate tiny runes 
left during the night by alien engi-
neering major, trying to commu-
nicate IIigher JAVA concepts to 
our bacL'ward civilization's bright-
est and most inuO\'erted minds. I 
call the slow stroll of these hunch-
hacks the Grad Student, after its 
i l1\·entor. 

Occasionally, en conced in a 
cloud of chatter, a cluster of sru-
dents will meander along the walk-
way, weaving through and being 
tripped over by the herd of ground-
g3l.ers. Their walk looks like a cro s 
between a very emotive peed-
sbter and a popular 80 line-
dance. I cal! thl~ walk The Elective 
' Iide. 

If you'd like to learn how to do 
the Elective Slide, the first thing 
you're going to need to find is a 
sllppef}' slope. Start with a difficult 
major, which you find conceptually 
exciting but effectively sleep-
inducing in practice. I recommend 
something with lots of recta-linear 
algebra, or a programming Ian-
!,ruage originally dcsigned for com-
puters slower than your graphing 
calculator. I f you don't know 
enough math to know whether 
d1ere's uch a thing as rccta-linear 
algebra, and have no idea what the 
computing power of your calcula-
tor is, congratulations! You're sure 
to be a natural slider. 

The first step of the Elective 
Slide is the Major Failure (MF). 
Many students get tripped up by 
the MF because they think that in 
order to fail a G-chem or calculus 
c1.lss, they need to do a lot of Stren-
uous studying, often resulting in a 
lot of uncomfortable textbook face-
plants and library nap. In fact, the 
MF is the implcst move of all; It 
imply require that the student 

remain completely still, perhaps 
occasionally fidgeting or checking 
their e-mail. 

The next ~tep is the Massive 
Justification (M) . Without an 
appropriately grandiose justifica-
tion, !,ruilt and personal responsibIl-
ity might unnecessanly trip up ule 
tudent during later steps. Dunng 

this step, and ub~equcnt steps, 
hone t communication with par-

Plenty of Places Make Copies 
We Take An Original ApproaChTM 

La Jolla - UTe 
Costa Verde 

Shopping Center 
8650 Genesee Ave. Ste. 200 

(858)457-9500 
www.CopyClubLaJolla.com 

E-mail yourorderat:orders@copyclublajolla.com 

Eledronlc File Submission 
High Resolution Sunning 
Presentations, Manuals and Reports 
HlghSpeed Copylna 
Englneerlna Copies 
Black & White Posters 
Color Copies' Big Color Posters 
Professional Bindery. Fax Services 'fo;;Il1"' __ • ..., 
051 Internet Access' Passport photos 
P ... Pick Up • Dell"..., 

An Original In a 
World of Copylng.C 

EUROPEAN HOLIDAY PACKAGES! 
PARIS Valentines Weekend 
LONDON Presidents Week 
PRAGUE Winter 
ATHENS Winter 
AMSTERDAM Winter 
VENICE Carnival 

RfT air, 3 nls holel, brea fast 
RfT air, 6 nls holel, brea fasl 
RfT air. 6 nlS holel, brea fasl 
RfT air. 6 nts holel , breakfast 
RfT air. 6 nts holel. breakfast 
RfT air. 4 nls hotel. brea fast 

Guaranteed be.t prices. Hundreds of package • . 
Val>d 101 select trovet dates All IromSan """'''''iiiiiiiijii~~~ 

$629 
$629 
$699 
$799 $869 
$879 

ent may be distracting. 
ext, you have to firmly plant 

your bun in an easier class. Be ure 
to check around for the right 
class. Some introductory classes in 
easy majors are much harder than 
the major's more advanced 
work. These cia es are called 
Weeders, and will chew through 

" Some introductory classes 
in easy majors are much 
harder than the major's 
more advanced work, 

These classes are caIled 
Weeders, and will chew 
through your ass and spit 
out human jamba Juice, 

sans fiber boost, II 
your ass and pit out human jamba 
JUice, sans fiber boost. The pur-
po e of a Weeder is to prevent slid -
ers and other nc 'er-do-wells from 
progressing, thereby protecting the 
major for enous, dedicatcd schol-
ars of the field . These are people 
who actually take fluff like poittical 
science and psychology eriously: 
Fluffers. 

Even If they manage to find an 

USE 

easy introductory class, some begin-
ning sliders get discouraged when 
they first enter the discipline and arc 
confronted by fluffers and thcir 
seemmgly impressive, engorged 
body of k.nowledge. Fluffers Si mply 
like to puff themselves up wi th 
ridiculous Jargon. The antidote is 
the tried and true note card. Wi th 
every textbook you get, make a note 
card for all the long, funny-sound-
ing words in the glossary, and learn 
them however you can. My favonte 
is the Clueless method: trylllg to 
work one word a day into conversa-
tion. "The RaIders had quite an 
extinction burst, but the Broncos 
were able to limit the resultant rein-
forcements." Another fun method, 
taught to me by Reveller Jason 
Grosz, is to insert poli tical jargon 
into haiku, birthmg the poli- ci-
coup: "Eucalyptu 
sunrise/Zoroastrian command 
economy/awake, sad fiscal 
sky." Most important, be crcativc: 
Play Kantian pursuit, introduce crit-
ical gender studies intO the bedroom 
and kick out ill freestyles on urban 
prawl. You'll be rebuffing the fluff 

in no time. 
The final and most important 

step in the Slide is the Major Swap 
(MS). Sometimes yo u have to go 
through an intermediate partner or 
two before arri~ing at your final 
destination. Don't be afraid to play 
the field, but try to etde beforc 
desperatIon sets tn. ,\1)' Rer onJI 
slide was the Biochem- og CI-

Psychology conga: stylish ye t sensi-
ble. But more amhitious friends of 
mine have arrived at sociology hy 
way of humanIties, Latin and c)a.,-
SICS. eriously, thi guy declared 
majors without haVIng even taken ,I 
class in them. All 1 howe to say 1', ' 
\'\'hat a slut. But remcmber, imlv 
you know the compromised g()af~ 
that are right for you. [f you still 
have trouble finding an easy m"jor, 
buy a OUIJa board. Belteve me, 
Ouija boards are totally amy Jnd 
chi ll. There's no way a psychiC 
implement would ever recommend 
that you learn C++. It would be, 
like, a conflict of interest. 

Follow these easy Heps and 
you'll be sliding gracefully 111 no 
time. Don't be surprised when rour 
more attractive ctassmates start 
notictng your haircuts, inviting you 
on open-ended social outtngs, and 
dropping objects near you and 
expecting you to pick thell1up, like 
playful, naughty babies. !ow all 
you'll need is an internship, to pre-
pare you for a career in a relevant 
field . The school coffee carts are 
currently accepung applicallons for 
barnstas and cashier~ . If you aren't 
ready to work ye t, there are a fcw 
things you C? 11 do to prepare c;'en 
11 ow. Here s a suggesoon: :-';cxt 
time )'OU get a coffee, tip. 

Leaking flUids? What's your minor 
malfunctIOn? Let Sam know at 
photphormer@hotmotlcom 

THE SAM AND ROSE the 
GUARDIAN 

to STEIN INSTITUTE FOR RESEARCH ON AGING (SIRA) 
PRESENTS GRAB 

a coupon ... 

FIND 
a Job ... 

VOICE 
your 

opinion ... 

READ 
about 

UCSO ... 

FIND 
cheap air 
fares ... 

PLAN 
your 

weekend ... 

WRAP 
a gift 

THE SIRA ANNUAL 
RESEARCH REVIEW 

APRIL 8, 2003, 3·6 PM 
Garren Auditorium, Basic Science Building, UCSD School of Medicine 

ALL TUDE T ARE WELCOME 

J:()O pill Daniel Kripke, M.D. 
"SIRA UPDATE" 

3: 15 pm Robert 1\1. Kaplan, Ph.D. Proji>slor and ChUlr I)j (hI' 
Departmeflt oj \Jedicl/le 
"DECIDI G WHE TO DO TESTI G AND T'1~ ';TI\IE T 

3:.t5 pill Arthur F. Kavanaugh, 1.0. Proje'lorofClillicai 
\/ediclflt' Clnd Dtn!ctor, 'ellfer jur IflflO"utin! Tlu:rtlpy. Dllf)Wfl IIj 
Rltclllllarulogy, Allergy and I ",mll/wlogy 
"RECENT ADVANCES IN ARTHRITIS" 

-':30 pm Re 'carch Poster e , ion ( HalhH'~ ) OVER 20 RESE~RCH 
POSTERS PRESE TED BY SIRA GRA TEES & UCSD FACULTY 

I 

LP.\110 R"FlH.SlnI EIli rs 
--- ---

E.er) ~pflng , , I R pre,ellt~ a tree educallonul. Illteractl\c IlOgriltil for l,(, .· f) 
\tLldelll~. faculty . staff anu the geller,lI rollHIlUllll} ur focus 1\ to \ho\Vl'a~e the SIR \ 
gralltec, and Ihelr plOJecb of tht: pa,t ycur. The,e gr,llllcCS IIlclude unucrgl:lduute .Intl 
medlcul ,tIldell!> of the ' IR ' tudent Inve,tlg,ltor Prugralll ,lI1d LT 'D 1.I':lIlt~ IWIll thc' 
Fanllt) tall-Up Progrum . (For mOIl! Infll rc: the~c program'. we our \~c\:J'lte 
hltpl!. I R .ucsd .edu) 
Til IUriher our COll1mUll ltl es und 'r~ IJlIdln g 01 the latest trC,ltlllcllt,llIU pro.!'cntlle 
,trateglc,. SIRA "Ill .11'0 present t\~O lecture, h) llnted l 'e. D fUl'ult j tIICllI\:Jcr' rhe'c' 
Icctures are dlreclly relaled to ",ues of a!;ltlg and hnuld be of Iliter ... ,! tIl .III. There II III 
he .llI oppnrtulllt) for Q & A 

Love the Gllllrdian? Hate us? Let us know: letterJ@lIcJdgllllrdillll.OJX 



6 NEWS TilE U SO GUARDIAN MONDAY, MARCil }I, 2001 
Paid Advertisement 

, , 

SSERVE 
In celebration of the life and achievements of Cesar E, Chavez and in conjunction with the California state holiday in his honor, 
the University of California, San Diego will present a month-long series of events during April, 2003, This diverse calendar is 
offered to the entire San Diego community in recognition of Chavez's contributions as a champion of human rights, a leader in the 
struggle for working families , and a disciple of the philosophy of non-violence. jQue siga la Causa! 

Friday, March 28· 7:30am 
5th Annual Cesar E. Chavez Commemorative Breakfast 
San Diego Convention Center' Ballroom 
For more Information (619) 260-4716 or sdcesarechavezCC@yahoocom 

Friday. April 4 ·11 :30am 
California State Senator Richard Polanco Luncheon 
Warren College Amphitheater 
As the author of the legislation to create the Cesar E Chavez holiday and through hIS numerous actIVities in 
the areas of educauon, leadership development and government Senator Polanco serves as a great 
example of a Latino elected offical who has ImprovoX! Ihe hves of all CJ1lzens of California Please JOin us In 
welcoming Senator Polanco to the UCSD campus For more Intomlatlon (858) 534·6862 01 
lmartmez@ucsd edu 

Friday, April 11 • 12pm-1 :30pm 
9/11 and Latina/o Immigrants: Collateral Damage Comes Home 
Guest lecturer: Professor Kevin Johnson , UC Davis School of Law 
UCSD Cross-Cultural Center 
Professor Johnson Will analyze collatera I damage of the war on terronsm, spectficall~ the Impact of 
government s response to September 11 on the Latonalo Immigrant commun,ty on the Unoted States For 
mo'e Infomlatlon (658) 534-4731 or raldecoa@ucsd edu 

Fnday Ap I 11 .4pm 
Filipinalo Americans, Agricultural Labor, and the U.S. West 
Guest lecturer: Dr. Dorothy Fujita-Rony, UC Irvine 
UCSD Cross-Cultural Center 
Flhplnalo Amencans now one of he large9t ASian Amencan groups In the country have played a s,gnlfi-
cant role ,n \he formation 01 Cahtornoa s agncullural economy In the twentoeth century ThIS presef\tatlOl1 WI. 
eJ<p/ore tile hlSlory of these workers In the tarm IndU try w'lh spectfic (OCt;S on how tOe legacies of thIS 
fll tory are I"membeled and reuo,d 10 present-day culture Dorothy FUj,la ·Rony Is Associate Prcfe sor In the 
Department of As,an Amerrcan StudieS arid Affiliate 10 the Department of Hostory at the Unlversrty of 
Calofomla Irv,ne She IS the author of ArneroCdn Workers Colomal Power PhIIlPPlfl9 Seattle and the 
Tra'lspaClfic W"st 19t g. 1941 For more InformalJoo (658)534-9689 or nmagpusao@ucsd edu 

Saturday, April 12 ·11 am-5pm 
25th Annual Thurgood Marshall College Cultural Celebration 
Thurgood Marshall College 
A day of enterlalnment musIC, dance, food art and games from around the world Speciaf presentabon of 
the Cesar E C~vez Commemo<ah.e Stamp Open to the pubhc Free For more Information (856) 534 
4390 

Monday, April 14· 5:30pm 
Teatro Izcal/l Sin Vergiienza 
UCSD Cross-Cultural Center 
San Diego's own Teatro Izcalll Sin Verguenza Will perfolm ac10s (one-act plays) 00 contemporary SOCIal 
and polaocallssues all ng LalJno/a commurntoes For mote tnlClm'l3bon Vl$lt www Izcalb org 

Thursday, April 17 • 5pm 
Film: CHICANO PARK 
Guest mural is t: Salvador Torres 
UCSD Cross-Cultural Center 
ShOWIng of the documentary 'Chlcano POI • (1988) by Manlyn Munord and Mane Barrera, narrated by Tony 
Plana ThIS film traces the history of Chicano Park ana the area In whIch It IS located-Barno Logan In San 
Doego. MlJfalistSalvador Torres one of the founders of the Park In 1970, Will be present to diSCUSS the 
struggle for artrstJc and politICal selt-determonallon during the Chicano Movement For more InfOfmalKln' 
(858) 822-5956 or Jastorga@ucsd edu. 

Saturday, April 19 • all day event 
Field Trip to Chicano Park: 
Our Youth of Today our Warriors of Tomorrow 
Chicano ParK 
Come enJOY the tesbVltoes at ChlC<lno Park whele there Will be food vendors, entertalrvnent and much 
more. Fre<: transponauon woll be provided Sign up at your Student Affairs OffICe, MOM or the Cross-
Cullura Center For more details please calIlhe ERC Student Affaors Office (858) 534·8791 

Monday, April 21 • noon 
Unveiling of the Cesar E, Chavez Commemorative Stamp 
Honorary Guest Speakers To Be Announced 
UCSD Price Center Plaza 
Klckon event for the Hate-FUM! Campus Campaign at UCSD For more InlormaUon 
coolaclthe Student Of!lce tor Human Relaloons (856) 534 5661 

-+ University of California • San Diego 

Tuesday, April 22 • 7pm & 1 Opm 
Film: REAL WOMEN HAVE CURVES 
UCSD Price Center Theater· FREE 
ThiS film features Chicanallatina women rarely portrayed In mass medIa. complex, 
deepty human. hartl·working Chocanallallna women shown with love. humor, and 
pride that defoes stereotypes and common mlsrepresentatoons. The 11m is based on 
the play by Josefina Lopez, which IS based on her own experrence (93 mIn). For more ~~" ••• 
Information (858) 622-0510 or cccenter@UCSd edu. iii 

\ 
.. 

, '" g ..J £ 
~ 

. 
Wednesday, April 23 • 7pm 
Real Women Have Courage: From San Luis 
Potosi to Hollywood 
Guest speaker: Josefina lopez 
UCSD Price Center Theater 
Playwnght and co-screenwnter of the 2002 Sundance Film Festival 
awartl winning film . Real Wom6f1 Have Curves Open to the publiC 
F rea No tickets or reservaMns reqUired Seabng IS limIted For more 
information, (858) 822-05100rwww heienedlson ucsd adu 

Monday, April 28 • 12pm & 4pm 
Source of the River: The Social Origin of Freshmen at America 's Selec· 
tive Colleges and Universities 
Guest lectu rer: Professor Camille Charles, University of Pennsylvania 
Reception & Dialogue, 12pm • UCSD Cross-Cultural Center 
Lecture, 4pm • literature Building Room 3155 
Her tOPICS WIll Include mlnoroly student underpe olmance In s iectrve colleges and univcrs,tles produced 
by factors such a neighborhood family, gender, peer group, race, economic class, and early schOOling 
Influence She concludes that while academiC preparation IS the strongest predICtor of college perlor. 
mance, shortfalls In academIC preparatIOn are lhemselves largely a malter of SOCIoeconomic disadvantage 
and rllClal segregahon For more Inlorrnahon, gmanscaJ@ucsd.edu 

Wednesday, April 30 • 7pm 
Walls of Resistance - Reclaiming la frontera, breaking down barriers 
Womyn, Art and Activism Series 
UCSD Cross-Cultural Center 
A dISCUSSIOn WIth thlee of San Ooego's most talented Chocana/Me)(JC8na artISts-
aclrvists Muralist Berenice Bed 1110, born In MIChoacan, MeXICO uses her paroling to 
create communIty empowerment Her murals can be found throughoul San Diego 
MexICO, Peru, Cuba, and Japan. Carmen Linares Kahlo, bom In Coloma Franctsco 
Villa, Tijuana, MeXICO, 16 a multidisciplinary artIst whose work explores binatronal and 
transnatIOnal identities, She i. a ChICano Pari( muralist and has created artwork 
throughout the San Diego region. Carmela Castrejon DIego is a former member of Las Comadres, She 
uses photography, sculpture, and painting to represent ISsues of sexuafity, ldentity, arid resistance. For 
more InformallOn (858) 534-9689 or sdelatorre@ucsd.adu 

UCSV CMN~ Celebrettr.on,. ~ coUa.bora.tr.oYv wLdv the..-
V~A l.ttN pYO'jea of SCt+'V ViefjO-Py~e.nt 

Urban Word 
poetry • spoken word • performances 

featuring 

tf.(if"Yry GCU11..bocv friday, apnl 41" 
Pir[; -rhowt.,a,y friday, apT11 18 ' 
~(if"Y~ Nortf?/ fTlday, april 2SIh 

4pm, UCSO CroH-Cultural Center 

A~cu~v:.n wr..U-c;t,ppoo.r the-CJv'*W'lftofdwu' UCSD c-\.e.V\tCt.t 
VoyAl.t(A;, 917 E, St, Set Vt.qfo-

For more ,nfolm.Hon (858) 5)4 ' )SSI or sdehlorreoilucsd edu VISIl www,Voult6,oro 

The UCSD C~sar E CMvez CelelYauon Planning Committee thanks the following oontnbutors UCSD Chana:11or Raben Dynes Council 01 Provost~ , Helen EdiSon Leclure Sefles, Cro!.s·CuHural Ctnter. [ally 
AcademIC Outreach Plogram, Kamala fan, Kallilgang Plhplno, MEChA Ofti<:o, 01 AcademIC Support arid In~tIu onal Support, ChlCanola-LalJnoia Arts and HUlTIdnlloes Program, Sl~th Coli II", C II II'/,lrrl:n Colitge, 
Eleanor Roose,elt CoUogc Thurgood M I~hall Collego Stud&llt Oll~ tor Human Relations Pi/rl-ASI n St.lff AnOCIallOn. ChlCand(o)l bna(O) Staff AssoCiation, Women'$ Center and the San Doego Cosar Ch.lvel 
Comm mol3Uon Commllt Fora complete hslong of C ar C Chav l. Cekibraloon .vcnla hIIp I/uc.sdnows ucsd edulch vezeventl him For more InfolmatlOn please call (858) 534·9689 or cccentor 'ii'luc&d edu 

MONDAY, MARCil 31, loo} TilE ucsn GUARDIAN 

Jacobs: School of Engineering given $110 M 
conlinued from paRe I 

conjunction with the officia l start 
of the capita l campaign's public 
pha,c on March I .) . The Campatgn 
for UCSD: " Imagine Whats Next" 
has already raised $·H5 .3 millIon LO 
date toward its ultimate goal of. t 
billion . The campaign is the 11l1i -
versity'S most ambitious fund- rais-
ing effon in history, and U SO is 
also the younge~t educational in~ti­
nltion to pursue a I billion cam-
paign, During the "quiet phase" of 
the campaign, over 43,000 gifts 
were made, with 49 donors making 
contrihutions of $t million or 
more. 

"This 'Imagine What's Next' 
c,lmpaign will be a henchmark of 

CSD', coming of age a a world -
class academic instiwtion ," said 
chancellor Robert C. Dynes, "The 
private uppOrt generated by thi 
c.unpaign will mean that we can 
leverage our limiled public fund., 
... 3ml we c:ln u~e this prlVale 'oup-
port 10 achIeve new le\ cis of excel -
lence in fulfilling our mis .. ion as a 
public uI1l\cr>Ily," 

Accordmg to J illl L,1ngle)', vtce 
chancellor of external reLttlons, 
the " Imagine \\' h,n's Nc~t" cam-

paign was triggered by a need to 
accommodate campus growth . 
The ~tudent population is expect-
ed to grow hy ahout 7,000 stu-
dems by the end of the decade, 
which will email a need for an 
increase in faculty recruitment and 
3n expansion of student ervices. 
Langley noted that a bout 20 per-

" Federal dollars are 
wonderful I but they 
really don't help us 

accommodate student 
th " grow , 

- Jim Langley, vice-chancellor of 
external relations 

cent of the university's budget 
comes from the state, but that thts 
is insuffictenllO address these new 
needs. 

"pederJI dollar, are wonderful 
for us but they reall}" don't help us 
accommodate srudem growth," 

Langley said. "If UCSD is to main-
tain the level of quality that it has 
enjoyed for its flm four decades, 
we need the private sector to step 
forward and give us additional ,up-
port. In rurn, what we promised to 
do is educate more young people, 
create more jobs for them, create 
more knowledge that will cre.He 
ncw companies." 

I\-Ialin Burnham, chairman of 
The Burnham Companies; John 
,vloores, chaIrman of JMI Serviccs 
Inc" and Ncon Systems, Inc, and 
owner of the San DIego Padres 
Baseball Club; arc co-chaIrmen for 
the campaign along with Irwin 
Jacobs. Audrey Geisel, preSIdent of 
Dr. Seuss E.nterpri\e~, is the hon-
orary co-chai r. 

Wilhin the next four and a half 
yea rs of it~ public phase, the 
"Imagine \Vhat's Nen" campaign 
will aIm to hroaden its hase of sup-
pon from the prrvate sector. 

" I remember when U SO was 
formed, just 43 years ago, and have 
eagerly walched the campus rapid-
ly grow UHn a natronal leader," 
Burnham ,:tId ... ~o\v the campu 
challenge .. us lO envtSlon m future 
impact - to Imagine what's next ." 

Advisors: Admin. plan for war .. time campu 
COni nllled from puge J 

that', what lhis commitlee is re.tll), 
about," Philpott said. 

\\'illis secs one of the strengths 
of the committee as its compo~iti()n 
of facuity, mldents and staff with 
diverse areas of expertise, 

"I applaud [Chancellor D}'11c I. 
I thmk wc h.1\'e .1 gre.1t team," 
\\'illis said. 

'rhe creation of special COlmnrl-
tee .. during war time is not unique. 

Ofllcials .It C Bcrkeley have cre-
ated a special \\ ar advisory commit-
tee as well. 

Other committee members 
include I icholas A. Aguilar, dircc-
tor of tudcnt Policy and Judicial 
Affatrs;Jcnn Brown, ;\ .S. pre tdent; 
Kate allen, ni\'er.,ity 
Communication~ se nior WrItcr; 
Dolores Davies, University 
Communication;.; Tom f.leming, 
Graduatc Students Associatton 

president; and Rick Vanderknyff, 
Blink \Veb managcr. 

A faculty member \\ ho wtll co-
chair the cornnnltec has been cho-
en, but ha~ not ),et accepted 

appoIntment In the position, 
Alrcadl', twO Web sites have 

heen set up to mform the campu of 
war-relalcd acttvttrcs and re ourccs. 
Links ca n be found at bttp:ll7JroJ.'71'-
(bOllctI/Or.II(Jd.rdll and 

bttp:llblrllk./lCSlI.rdu~rt,ol7J.'Onl/fo· 

Department of Cognitive Science presents: 
New lor Spring Quart r 2003 

For more Inlo, go 10 SludenlLink or 
cogsci.ucsd.edu or call 534-6771 

tlJl)] -.J 
" . 

.- ' 

., 
Whefe so neuroscience, 
psychology, Itnguistics, 
anthropology, computer 
SCience, and philosophy come 
together? In cognitive science 
- the study of how the mind 
works, COGS 1 IS a cognitive 
science "sampler". Each lecture 
IS given by a ditftlrent faculty 
member, presenttng topics as 
Wide-ranging as neurons, brain 
imaging, viSion, language, 
neural networks, robots , and 
web deSign. 

Center Hall 1 05 
lectures: TuTh 3:30 - 4:50pm 
50 min, discussion per week 
Prol. Robert Williams 

1D~465476 , 4 units 

I CU L~~'- Li' ~ 
FRESHMAN SEMINARS 

Visual Illusions 
Prol. Virginia De Sa I Section BOD, IO~ 473139 
ThiS course Will introduce you to the fascinating world of Visual 
Illusions. We will diSCUSS a recent paper on Visual illusions. The 
discussion will be led by a small group of students and Will focus 
on what the illusion tells us about normal visual perception. We 
will also spend class time observing and experimenting With the 
illusions. There Will be no final exam or projecl required. Grades 
(P/NP) will be based on participatIon in Ihe discussions (both 
as leader and non-leader) . The class 
Will be a less intense version of the 
Instructor's COGS 160 class (taught 
Fall '02) "Seminar on Learning 
about the brain though visual 
IllUSions and after effecls" 
(see http://cogscl.ucsd.edu/ 
·desa/160.html) . 
CSB 180 1 unit 
Meets Mondays, 
6:30 - 7:30pm 
Dales: March 31 ; Apr il 7, 
14,21 ,28; MaV 5,12,19; June 2. 

The Modern Airliner Cockpit 
Pro I. Ed Hutchins I Section ADO , 10*472969 
ThiS courso examines the cockpits of "state of the art" CommerCial Airline Transport Alrcrafl (Boeing 
777 & Aorbus A320). TopICS Include the history of cockpit tnnovattons, the llight deck design process, 
oporattonal conSiderations, and pilot traimng programs, The professor IS a pilot With a Jet type rating 
and a consultant to both Boeing and Airbus. 

CRB 1001 unit 
Meets Tuesdavs. Oates: April 1,8,15,22,29; Mav 6,13,20,27; June 3. 

NEW'> 7 

4UNLIMITED 
LONG DISTANCE 

within California & Nevada 
ww.4Unr 

Unbelievably LOW fixed monthly rate 

Anywhere, 
Anytime, 

just 
$19.95 
a Month 

NO hidden surcharges 
NO activation fees 

NO contracts 

Sign-up online at 
www.4UnllmitedLongDistance.com 

--,". 
.... ,. , 

Non·refundable. Unlimited calling 
Within CA & NV Card expires 30 days 

after first use Rechargeable via the 
internet or use automatic reoccunng btiling. 

www_4UnllmltedLongDlstance.com 

tA\CROBREW SPECIAL 
ROlle $499 Portland 

Gold ectar 6.PACK 
Ftre ·tone P 'IS to C 

ijOVER 300 BEERS, specializing in micro-breweries . ~. Imporled cigorettes, cloves, ond Americon Spirils 
• Premium cigars ond occessories 

TRY OUR SANDWICH DELI! ~~~ 
~.. " .... CHECK OUT ••• ;:-;' :.:,:.::.::.:,"" Our 'last selection of gih wraps, greeting cards, gourmet ',',' pastries , chocolates, speciolty wines and liquers! 
I 



FEATURES 
• 

gOI 

New sorority 
experiences the 

• 

extensIve 

Greek Ufe 
expansion at 
UCSD 

By VALEIIE NG 
Staff Writer 

For some UCSD st\Iden~, Greek 
life is import:lOt. Sometimes, however, 
the Ideal Greek org-.mi:t.:loon is hard to 
find on the UCSD campus. Thus, 
some students look into the Idea of 
bringing in another nationaUy based 
organization or starting a sorority or 
fraternity of their own. This process is 
largely dtpcndent upon the UCSD 
Greele communitys ability to expand. 

MThe expansion of Greek life is 3n 
extensive procC5s," said Greek Advi cr 
Lauren Weiner. "It usually takes one 
to one and a half years.~ 

The amount of support from loe.!1 
alunuu of a parocular soront}' or fra-
ternity helps to determine whether a 
02tionalJy based Greek organization is 
brought to UCSD, and th~e patrons 
continue to ~upport nCIl' groups evcn 
alier they have established theml>elvcs. 
E\'ery year, a each orgmization a}'S 
goodbye to a graduanng cla~s, ItS 
alumni base grows, adding to the 
amount of alumni support it can 
receive. 

l:'u Gamma Alpha is the newest 
soronty to have been formed at 
UCSD. lASt year, sophomore~ Shelley 
Sorger and Sarah Misraji decided to 
form a new Greek organiurion with a 
miS~lon statement lhat was different 
from other sororiues. 

"We wanted to create a place on 
cam pus where the Jewi h community 
could come together, feel at home, and 
where Jewish issue~ could ~urvive 

Reuuitinc new members: Shelley Sorger, left, and Sarah Mlsra)l, who started the new sorority on 
campus, Tau Gamma Alpha, conduct d recruitment meeting 

A.S. candidates 

~\ ~J I 
AS. presidential 

candidates present 
their platforms for the 

upcoming election. 

MONDAY 
MARCH 31, 2003 

page 9 

new orgs 
without compromising their values," 
said Sorger, who is now co-president 
of the sorority with Misraji. 

Starting the sorority was not an 
easy task. Because it is a local, rather 
than national sorority, Sorger and 
M..israji had to start their organization 
from scratt:h, with no alumni support. 

"Once [the Greek community] 
realized we were serious, that we had a 
group of girls who were interested, 
and that we would be adding to Greelc 
life, then we came up with a philan-
thropy, sisterhood and put together 
what we wanted to see with our soror-
ity," orger said. She and Misraji 
worked very closely \\~th Weiner to 
organize the new orority. 

On April 19,2002, after Sorger and 
Misraj l completed their Constitution, 
Tau Gamlll:l Alpha became an a~soci­
ate memher of Panhellenic, the gov-
erning cow1cil of campus sororities. 
,\1embers of Tau Gamma Alpha are 
part of the council, but becau~e the 
organization is not an offiCial member, 
they ca nnot vote, 

Sorger and Mi raji united I 
women of all class levels to be the 
founding cJa~s of thel r sorority. Sorger 
credits the enthusia m of her sorority 
sisters for making the organi:t.:ltion a 
reality. 

k>l'hey arc taking owoershlp of the 
Dew sorority and arc crcating ncw 
beginnings," Sorgcr said. 

rn its fir~t ycar, dIe ~orority has 
already been Involved with Mstc:r-
hoods, philanthropies, service projects 
and education pro{,'Tal11;. 

As a new local sorority, the sisters 
must create traditions and events that 
will foml legaciC!>. They must learn to 
fit IIlta the Greck tolTUllunity and crc-
atc an idcntity as a sorority. So far, 
they think th,,'Y Ildvc lIlade progre . 

"We are fortunate to he a part of 
both lhe JeWish community anJ the 
Greek ollll11unity," nrger said. 

orger has high hopes for Tau 
Gamma Alpha. While it IS sull a local 
soroflty, the girls hope to reach out 
.lOU eventually JchJCvc a larger ~tatu:. . 

\VclIlcr bcllevc\ that the :.oronty 
will uccecd. 

U[It~ ~ucce,s) :'dY'l a 100," he sauL 
"It 1\ definitely gOlllg to he ~trong." 

Til Initiate the o:pamlon pi (x.c,~ 
that would add nation II)' oa,ed orga-
n11.3U(JIIS of a c.:rt..ll11 ;omrny or fr~­
terlllty, the three governing counclb, 
Intcrfraternity Coun!;il, Panhcllcnic 
and the Multicultural Grl!ck Council, 
Will luve to condutt a "ute. If they 
agree to look into expan ... ion, they Will 

c;re~te an exploratory COlllllliltCe, and 
letle~ will he ~nt to all of the nduon-
aJ Greek orfP'UUtiolU. the COlllllut-

tee will then wait for responses and 
receive criteria for: choosing the new 
fraternities or soronties. The sU'englh 
of support the new org3l1i7.ation 
receives from alumni groups IS impor> 
tant in detcm1ining its strength and 
contributes to the succe s of new orga-
nizations striving to become :I part of 
the UCSD Grcelc community thr:ough 
the expansion proce ·s. 

The expansion of Greek life is not 
always successful. The laSt time the 
IFe considered expansion was about 
four years ago, when nationally based 
Delta Epsilon attempted to jom the 
Greek community at UCSD. 
Ilowever, due to the lack of upporr 
from alumni and the campus Greek 
s),stcm, the expa nsion did not suc-
ceed. 

nee an organi7ation ha, joined 
lhe c,lmpu~ Greek cOllJllJ unity, It 
receivc strong suppOrt from othcr 

fralernitl~ Jnd sororities. 
"We ha\'e not lost any sOl'oritie:. or 

fratcrnitiCl>," Weiner ~aid . 
Greek organiz1oons often rely on 

efficient rel:Hllmlcnt periods, known 
as rush, which introduce new mem-
hers to their group to ~eep their num> 
bers high. 

"When you expand, you get a lor of 
younger guys who are really motivat-
ed," said Pi Kappa Alpha member Anu 
Shome. ''In the past year, (every frater-
nity] has gouen stronger, ami the rush 
numbers arc going up." 

Currently, there arc 17 sororitics 
and 16 fraternitic~ at CSD. 
A1lhough UCSD's (.reek sy~rem is 
rel:ltivdy YOllng, having began abollt 
cwo decades ago, it has the potential to 
m:lint:lin a growing presence on cam-
pu~. Greek life, llIakmg up the hlrgest 
~rudent organization on campus wirh 
10 percent of the ~tudcnt population 
involved, focu~e.~ on brothcrhoo(V,is-
terhood , sclwlArship, leJder~hip ,lJ1d 
service. 1emhers have participdted ill 

variou~ campus dctivitics, which, they 
say, help them become more well-
rounded individuab. 

Somc of thc~e organtlniOIl~ h~ve 
chosen to malntam low numhcr .. to 
help dcvdop ,t >tfUnger \lltcrhood or 
brotherhood. With the Iinillllcnc" 
and (hvermy of Creek OrA'IIll/,llillm 
on (JrllI'W', anyolle IO(JL.IIl/! 10 ru,h 
may be 31>1(; til find .Ill Jppropri,lte 1'1 J 
ternity 01 \nCOllly. 

"There I~ lkfinltcly ~OIllClhlllg lor 
everyone within the ,y~tcm," \\'cJnl'l 
said. And if thcll' b Ilot, Ihcn II1terl'~t 
C(l ~tudelJl~ can lOlbUlel' ~IJrtillg ,j 
local organllallon or the c,lInpm 

reck communlly clIn look 11ll !) 
bnnging III another national organlJ_.1 
tiUIl. 

MONDAY, MARCH J I , l003 Ti lE UCSD GUARDIAN FEATURES 9 

Meet the 
• ~f(/" 

2003 ~.S. PreSidential Candidates 
'~ 

Kevin Hsu Kevin Shawn Hsu Brian Uiga Jeremy Paul Gallagher Bryan Barton 

By LAUREN RAU 
Senior Staff Writer 

IndependcllI A. . presiden-
tial candidate Kevin l.6u thinks 
there is room for i mpl'ovclIlcnt 
within the current governing 
syStCIIl. 

"This year, I .JW th:Jt A.S, 
didn'l' do Illuch," said H lI, a 
Revel le College junior "I just 
thought I'd give it a shot and see 
what happens.' 

II u IS new to student goy-
crnmcnt at U _SD but has 
chaired several campaigns for 
the Studcn First! dub. fl su 
s:\ys that he i~ not funnin g 
solely as a 1110Ud1piccc for the 
club. Ilowevcr, he does atJmit 
that mem bershi p j n tne club is 
nOI sefh,ra te from h is candida-
cy. 

"There is an affiliation there 
... The issues are more a 'whole 
club' thing, Mt ~o rl\uch Illy 
own personal !issues]." he said. 

The club has been a regis-
tered political ~tudent organiza-
tion on campus si nce 1998. Phil 
Palisoul is the currell president 
of the club, 3S well as J Isu's cam-
paign manager. Palisoul, a John 
,\1uir College senior, ran lor 
AS president last rear. 

Pahsoul fcel~ that Ii su i~ 
thoroughly qualified. 

"li e' a man of action," 
P31isolll said. "li e's completely 
capable. I Ie knows how to gel 
things done. li e wanls to make 

See HSU, PllJle 10 

By STEVENWm 
Contributing Writer 

Kevin Shawn Ilsu, an Earl 
Warren ollcgc junior, is run-
l1Ing a\ the rudents Flrst

' 
A.S. 

presidential candidate. 
Thi~ is I bu" second year 

running with the Students 
First! latc lIfter heing elecled 

.S. vice president internal lasl 
year. 

Ilis campaign fucu cs on the 
campus climatc at UCSD. 

"Our campus climate i not 
the best," Iisu said. "We arc the 
least happy of all the C cam. 
puses." 

I lsu belicvcs one of dle main 
rcason for this is { lack of 
retcntion and resources for fhe 
tudenLS. 

"I am tryin~to do cverytJling 
can to expand student 

resources to create events, tradi -
tions, , /10 to improve c~mpu 
climate," I I SlI said. 

Iisu has many ideas on how 
to d this, such as bringing 
more quality prog~a'ms and 
evenrS to the students. 

"1 know thar the student 
havc the ability, givcn tbe 
rcsources, to make C D a bet-
ter place witb a bener campu 
ci lillate," I) u said. 

ll,u abo plans to increase 
funding to student organiza> 
lions and events. 

" I want to empower the tu-
dents and their organizalions by 

See SHAWN, J><lg~ 10 

By MARNETTE FEDERIS 
Senior Staff Writer 

A. . presi.dential candidate 
Brian Uiga and A,S. vice presi-
dent internal candidate teve 
York are fronting the newly 
formed ew Srudents (7i,rSt of the 
Unity etion Paddrig Ii ave 
Slate, 

'Thc.s1are is basel) on the idea 
of taking everything'that the Cllr-
rent lst ,dent) govcrnment is 
doing nght. eontinuin,; it, and 
taking what it is doing wrong and 
changing it," Uiga aid. 

After Uiga and York formed 
their slate, they played a game of 
rock-paper-scissqrs to decide 
who would run fOT which posi-
tions. The slate name itself was 
crea~ed using the names of other 
slan:~ in order (0 avoid \Va ting 

p<)st~ts . 
'Tthe slate platform) is every-

thing and norbing," York said. 
Ome of the issues that they 

advocate include additional park-
ing, more diversity, and increased 
funding for student organiza-
tions. Another matter that is 
essential, according to \brk, is the 
need to raise capital to expand the 

rudent Center a oppo~ed to the 
Price Center. 

nother issue that the twO 
ca ndidates want to ral~e aware-
ness of IS the recent conversion of 
1,100 "5" parking spaCes to "B" 
spots. Onc of their suggestions to 
deal with the issue is to me forl1l5 

See U1CA. Pag>:' 10 

i1 i101Ni1 [l1J 19 '-
-AVIV-YAFO STANDS WITH TI 

By LAUREN RAU 
Senior Staff Writer 

Jeremy Paul Gallagher i run-
ning for A.S. president on the 
Unity slate. Gallagher is current-
ly serving as A.s. commissioner 
of services and enterprises and as 
an RA for Sixth College. 

Gallagher'S main goal is to 
change the UCSD climate on 
campus to a more cohesive and 
spirited atmosphere. lIe also 
wants to efficiently manage the 
A.S. budget and give transfer snl-
dents more academic resources. 

"Specifically, [ want to make 
acade{11ic advising more compre-
henSIve," Gallagher said. "I don't 
think there ~ enough coordinat-
ing between tfu: colleges and the 
deparunel1ts. I think this would 
ben fit aV sl1ldems at UCSD." 

Acc rding to Gallagher, the 
Unity slate is based on common 
ideals. The slate mCU1bers believe 
that A.S. officers should all have 
leaders/Up experience outside of 
UCSDt student governn1ent. 

"\Ale want actual tw.ltnts in 
office who are from srudent'orgn-
nizatiol\'i, not JUSt politicians," 
Gallagher said. 

The nity slate promotes the 
advancement Qj nldent 'life in 
every WIt'. ae!;ording to 
Ganaghcr. Increa ing campus 
spi rit and Pfide is a cri tical part of 
this goal. 

"'vVe want to orgalUzc and 
acti\'(lte the n.dent body," 

See CALLACHER, Page 10 

By STEVEN WITT 
Contributing Writer 

John ;\fuir College Jlu:Uor 
Bryan Barton chose to nm out-
sid the slates and is m~tead 
representing an inrorl1l~1 group 
ca lled the Peopl e'~ Parking 
Pany. 

"Every andidate t\Jlk~ ahout 
parhng, btl[ 1 hRve a plan ant! It 
is my o. 1 priortry;" Barton 
aid. 

Barton, along \VIm A . vice 
preSident of finance candidate 
Ene'i ehster Jnd .\fulr College 
Senate candidate jl)hn ,\Itick, 
has decided to make parking the 
central theme of hi S ca01palgn. 

"The complacent incum-
bents on the .S. Council drc 
not dOll1g enough about the 
parking situatioll," Bartun said. 
"The 10. S of over t ,200 '5' 
parking spaces is unacceptable 
and it IS time for people to 
speak out." 

Barton has four main goals 
to improve the parking si tua-
tion at UCSD. The first is to 
create more convenient "S" 
spaces. H is Idea~ for thiS 
include allowing ullpaved park> 
ing spaces and olJt<lIning corpo-
rale spon rships for [he crc-
alion of more "S" spaces and 
parking !>tructure!>. 

Barton'; econd goa I is to 
reduce the number of )Jarking 
attendants at CSD, a, rhey 
arc, in hiS opll1ion, cxce!>sivc. 

Sec BARTON, I'<lg<-' 10 



10 FEATURES TilE U 0 UARDIAN 

Shawn: 
What • IS UCSD EHtension? Focuses on 

spending 
and parking EHtenslon tur ns YOlU educational credentials Into real IJfe achieve-

ments. 

You are on your LUay to ear rung a 
hlgt1'Y regarded diploma from a 
LUOr Id-r enoumed ins Itulion. but do 
you have the skills needed to lr ans-
form \-lour education into a SOphiStl-
caled UJOrk erwlronment 

UCSD EHLens,on offers programs 
that LU ill assist youn gaining that 
cornpellt ve edge. Wi th professlona, 
pr ograrns that take you Into the 
realm of lLha t IS needed to be suc-
cessfulln today's competitive Job 
rnar keto EHplore essential bllslness 
skdls and ensure you stano apart 
from the competition. 

www .eHtension.ucsd .edu 

~ 
UCSD 
EXTENSION 

Commuted 10 a 

values·centered 
rducauon and 

cxprnence, 

PcpperdtO~'~ 

GradlUtt SchO<ll 

conrinued from page 9 
providing them with the 
resources they need," he said. 
I Ie plans to improve A.S. spend-
ing efficiency in order to allo-
cate as much money to student 
organizations and events as pos-
sible. 

In addi tion, Hsu al 0 wanb 
to address the parking horrages 
that many students have been 
complaining about. 

"The parking issue is both 
si mple and complicated," 11 u 
sa id . "1L IS simple in the fact that 
there is no parking. It i compli-
cated because it is not ea~y to 
get more." 

r !su h a~ evera l ideas to 
improve the parking ituation, 
including increasmg the number 
of" "-only carpool spaces, dif-
ferentiating the" .. spaces into 
commuter and residential Stu-
dem spaces, taking away "A" 
spots, and putting pressure on 
the CSD administration to 
build more parking structures 
with more" "Spots. 

Hsu: Plan IS 
for room 

reservations 
online 

continued from page 9 
sure the students doo't get 
cre \\ ed by the administration." 
I's)'~holo&')' 15 for 
those who "~ll t,) 
m..ke a chllercncf 

Eam a ~1.lStrr d EDUCAT10N 
However, J [su admit~ that 

hi campaign i a little vague. 
"I'm not ure what the focu~ 

is," I hu said. "I gues there are 
a couple of thmg I'd like to 

accolllp"~h if I get elected." 
Among the e goals, 1-1 u 

cited increased student parki ng, 
incre,,~ed funding for snldent 
organizations, and the reorgam-
7.3tion of ludent rgam/Juon 
and Leadership Opportuniues. 
The onl), speCific area withlll 

An~ to I:duc3tlon 

and Tf:lchmg 

C.mlmlJJi I n 

JU<l om' ),elr, 

th~ P~rperJtlw 
dlfferl·r.Lt 

IS CLOSER THAN YOU THINK 
West los Angeles' Westlake Village · Irvine- Encino 

PEPPERDINE UNlVE~!JY 
Graduate School of~ and ~ 

I'or more mfllrm.lillln, plcilSt contJct (BOO) 347 -4 49 

. 0 L.O. which he s.lId he 
wants to change IS the On-C31ll-

pu~ roolll re er\,Juon proce,s 
for student grou ps, which he 
would "kc to sec available 
onlllle. 

Hbk~ti1ltt! ~& 
NamEd "BEst Film FEstival" by thE San OiEgo REadEr 

April. THE DANCER UPSTAIRS (USA). 7pm 
ApriI6 ICE CREAM, CHOCOlATE I OTHER 

CONSOlATIONS (CwdI) • 7pm 
SWEET SIXTEEH (Scodind) • 9pm 

April 7 MMNGAMlZI Own)' 7pm 
QUEffH Of THE GYPSIES (I/SMIliiI). 9pm 

April 9 lA PERDICIOH DE LOS HOMBRES (1oIaKo) • 7pm 
sptciII sum: ctmtJ NVo IIIpstIln 

ApriI13 MARRIAGE CERTIFICATE (0tI) 07pm 
MASTER Of THE GAME ( USA) • 9pm 

ApriI14 DAUGHTERS OF THE SUH ('nil) • 7pm 
RAISING VICTOR V~ (USA). 9pm 

ApriI16 CELEBRATING ANIMATlHG(AHlMATEDSHOOS) 'lpm 
A SHORT HIGHT (iOO FlM$) • 9pm 

ApriI18 DMHE INTERVENTION (,iImft). 7pm 
W'mcr • toOt c.m Ih FntMI Gland lily Prize 

For festival information : 858-534 - 0497 or www.sdiff . co m 
Festlvel Passes : G.A . $65 • Students $<40 Single films : G.A . $7 • Students $5 

.. --loy 
UCSD UNIVIIMlTY IEVUITS OffiCI' 

All films shown In Price Center Thuter 
~.:':".~~f!!.ut<?r UCSD Box Office 858 -SH-TIXS 
=."0:-.--- -Titles subject to chenge . 

MONDAY, MARCil 31, 2003 

Gallagher: 
Campus 

needs more 
enthusiasm 

conrmued from page 9 
Ga ll aghcr said. " \Ne want 10 
empower thcm." 

Beyond maki ng studcnt lead-
ership more visible to UCSD' 
population, Gallagher and the 
other Unity slate members want 
to develol1 thc university as a 
important parr of the city's COI1l-
munity as well . 

"We arc entering a critical 
time for change," Gallagher said. 
"With everything that is going on 
in the world, we need to show San 
Dicgo that UCSD is a strong, 
lUuted campus." 

Accordmg to a UC-wide stu-
dent satisfacllon survey. srudents 
at UCSD were th~ leJst s.llIsficd 
with their campus life. Gallagher 
said that this concerns hlln great-
ly. 

"I want to change [dlC UC D 
climatel to omcthing where peo-
ple actually go the ba~ke thall 
games, and water polo games. 
where the whole school rallics 
together and is proud of our 
school," Ga llagher aid. 

Uiga: Says 
students 

need to get 
out and vote 

continued from page 9 
of civil di,obed,cncc to help ~hape 
new policy. 

Uiga's self-described 
strengths include hi~ ability to 
talk to people and discern what 
~tuden t\ wa nt. 

"I f I'm elccted, I'll ask ~ lot of 
people what's goi ng on," Uiga 
said. "They want to be ablc to 
park without waltm!\' 4' mlllutcs, 
they want mJdcl1l organi zations 
to be apprctlated, and they don 't 
want money to be dumped IOto 
the Price CCl1lcr." 

For the twO candidJte~ . U1C 
m.lin go.11 for the campillgn I> to 
encourage ~nldcn~ 10 \ otC. 

"As long a, I c.m get a \\ hole 
101 of people to vote, to m.lkc 3 
conscIous dccl~ion,lt doc~n'tmat­
ter who wins," Iga said. 

Barton: 
Looking to 
increase "S" 

parking pots 
commlll'd from /)(II:t! 9 

"I would like to fire a~ many 
'meler maids' .IS pO~\lble, " Ba rton 
said. 

Il i~ thlnl gila I i., to prOVide 
lIIore cfficlent shuttl e serv l cc~. 

ne of fIlS idcas for th is I~ \() sc ll 
Jdvertisclllenrs on the shuttle .. to 
crea te revenue for beller upkeep 
of the shuttles, as well a .. to hire 
more <Inver, and pay them 1II0re. 
II I> final goal is to 10\1 cr p.1fktng 
fcc, . 

"I would like to know where ,III 
tim iI10ncy goe'> and makc p.1I ktng 
.. cr~ICC\ accountahle," Barton ,.lId 

BJrton d1()~e to run .IS an Iiule-
pendclll r.llher thJn With .1 ~l.1tc 
hetamc he s.IY" th,1l Ihe ~l.llc" Jrc 
poliucal IlldchlllC\ tlut hilllcn't 
done much for the .. tudent .. 

"Vote against thc pohll ca l 
lI1Jchme~ , Jnd for ,0111' dn~lIlg 
machme,," Barton SJ ld 

MONDAY, MARCH 31. 2003 THE UCSD GUARDIAN SPORTS II 

Men's tennis wins nail biter vs. APU Softball: 
Tritons move 

to 9 .. 11 In 
the CCAA 

By CYNTHIA CHAVEZ 
Staff Writer 

UCSD mcn's tennis concluded a 
long homestand by winning j of its 
last four matches. UCSD defeated 
St. Mary's College, Claremont 
College and Azusa Pacific but lost 
to O. 10 Ouachi ta Ba ptist. 

The ' Ii-itons defeated the t. 
Mary's College Gaels on March 
16,7-2. 

O. 20 UCSD played without 
d,eir two starters, Samecr Chopra 
and Blake Wilson-Hayden. Eric 
Oijala and Brent Molden, along 
with Doug [Jofmann filled in. 

"Sameer and Blake are definitely 
two of our tronger players in there. 
Ilowever, our team is strong all the 
way ulrough." said UCS D head 
coach Eric teidlmayer. 

The Tri tons wept doubles, 
giving ulem a 3-0 edge early on . 

UC D continued their strong 
play in the smgles matches. Their 
two losses came at O. 2 with 
Meyer and Emil ovak losing No. 
4. 1lte 'H'i tons ecured ule victory 
wid, wins at No. 1 by Swan, at No. 
3 by Wilson, at O. 5 by Ilofmann 
and at No. () by Oijala. 

"Bryan watt has been playing 
wcll and he conti nued strong play 

Volleyball: 
Waller leads 

UCSD to first 
MPSFwin 

conrmlld from pagt! 16 
UC D managed ju~r a .182 hitting 
percentage, but U could do no 
hettcr with fi\·c crror~ among thclr 
14 anemp~. Aftcr fighting back 
from the verv bnnk of deteJt, the 
' li'itonsclose~lltout 15- l ltocblln 
their fim ", PSF victory. 

Jim Waller led the way for 
UCSD with ~6 kills whllc Adam 
Toren and T.J . Young had II and 
10, respectively. Senior sener Eric 
Perrine picked up S assists on the 
evenlllg and led hiS team to a ,3 6 
attackmg percentage, the tea m's 
third consecutive match t or above 
,350 . 

T hc followmg evening in 
Malibu, Callr., UCSD ran into dlc 
very tough Pepperdine Wav team. 
Feedmg off the previous night 'S 
energy, the Tritons were able to steal 
U1e first game from the top tcam in 
the nation, 30-26, but they would 
get no more. The lethally eflicicnt 
Waves' orrense kickcd into gear and 
Pepperdine's dominance in thc 
blocking game led ule charge to 3U-
21,30-20,30-27 win in ule follow-
ing games, and the victory. 

Waller again Icd the Triton , 
thi tillle with 21 kills as Toren and 
Andy Rupp also got mto double 
digits in kills for UCSD. Chris 
Mortimer picked up a season-high 
17 digs and Perrine was steady 
aga lll With 53 a sists. 

In a pair of home matches March 
26 lind March 28, the Thwils played 
ho;t to defending national champi -
on llawa ll . In tI,C fi rst Ill 'Hch, the 
Vhrriors put down S4 bib wiu1 
unly 10 errors for .1 d0Il1J113nt ASH 
Jll lick percclllage and the !oweep 
(30-2 , 10-19, 30-26). 

'1\\ () da)~ Idtcr CSD made J 
huge IInprcl\'ClI1cnt III the blocking 
g'IIllC With Waller, Rupp and Kevin 

KeY~l!r each I)icki ng up e~en lOtJI 
blocks, leading UCSD to 17 team 
hlnck.~ a~ l:OlIlparcti to nnly three 
the previuus match. CSD was able 
tn m,lke thmgs more competluve, 
hUI In the end, IlawaH W.IS just too 
,lrong The \ arnors lOok J 30-26, 
17-30, 30-10, 10-20 four-g,ll11e VlC-
wry to cOlllplelc the ~caSClII , wcep. 

' Il,c '1 flinn, will renll'll to .ICIiOn 
Oil ,\ blt h j I when UlC), hll the mad 
(() f.lce the IlI\'cr .. llY of La Vcrne. 

with a win against Burgemeister. 
Also, Sean Nagel and Mike Meyer 
have been playing very solid dou-
bles as of late," Steidl mayer said. 

T hen the ream squared off 
against No. 10 Ouachita Baptist 
on March 26. TIle Tigers won 6-3, 
and snapped UCSD's cleven-game 
winning streak. 

UCSD found itself at a disad-
vantage early on, dropping two of 
the three doublcs matches. The 
losses were at 1 O. I with lomas 
Novak and Wilson losing 8-6 and 
at O. 2 with Meyer and agel 
losi ng 8-5. The lone victory was at 
No.3 with Swall and Molden with 
;1 score of 8-3 . 

lnc Tritons fought hard in sm-
gles, but lost four matches and won 
two. The Tigers' Guillame 
Coubard, ranked No. 3 in the 
nation, defeated Swatt at No. I. 
Meyer and Wilson lo~t their match-
es. The two wins ca me from 
Wilson-Hayden and Emil ovak. 

Thc Tritons welcomed back 
Chopra 011 Alarch 28 and cru hed 
visiting Claremollt College by a 
score of 8- 1. 

"I t was a goo I match for us 
today because I think we were ahle 
to pl ay guys tha t are competing 
hard and we were able to win a lot 

of those matches at the end," 
Steidlmayer said . 

Back at No. I doubles was 
Chopra who paired with Swatt to 
defeat the top doubles pair in 
Division III , Ivan Yeh and John 
Charn-A-Koon. 

.. ,etting Sameer hack gives us 
a lot of confidence. \Ve played a 
tough team today ... we played 
wel l and strong," Swart said. 

Paired up for O. 2 were 
Tomas Novak and Wilson who 
lost while Meyer and agel at won 
their match I O. 3. 

The Tritons swept singles with 
Chopra, Swan and Meyer win-
ning. Emil ovak, and Wilson 
won . Wilson- Ilayden also won, 
despite having to play with a 
pulled lower back muscle. 

"I got to check out Uohn 
Goldis'] style of play and by the 
time I starred I had a good idea of 
what [ was going to do, [like] pia)' 
his backhand and be aggressive 
and ! came out strong," Wilson-
Hayden aid. 

The next day, the Tritons came 
back and beat Azusa Pacific, 5-4. 

UCS D got an early lead by tak-
ing two of the three doubles 
matches. Swatt and Chopra lost 
thclr match -3. \\'lIson and 

Tomas Novak easi ly won over 8-1 
while Meyer and Nagel won 8-6. 

In singles the los es carne from 
Chopra, Meyer and Wilson-
Hayden. But, Swatt and Wilson 
won to even thc overall match 
score to 4-4. 

Playing the last and deciding 
match were Emil ovak and Tom 
Jelsma. Emil ovak won the first 
set 6-3 hut J elsma came back and 
took the second set 2 -6. 'nle thi rd 
set proved to be very tight and 
intense. Emil Novak was facing 
match point at4-5 when he dove to 
stay alive in the match. After that, 
he never looked back as he held his 
serve and broke back to win 7-5, 
clinching the victory for UCSD 
with a score of 5-4. 

"I kind of got the hint when 
everyone was here that it was the 
deciding match," Emil , ovak said. 
"I just got a linle nervous when I 
was down 4-5 ... I dove at the 
match point and he mis ed it, and I 
saw it as an oppommity to win. 
[After that], I had to make him miss 
and make every ball because I knew 
I could beat him off the ground." 

The Tritons will play at home 
on April I agai nst Gustavus 
Adolphus College at 2 p.m. in the 

orthview tennis courts. 

Come hear 
Dr. Ephraim Sneh 

continued from page ,6 
by Mertce, her sixth of the season, 
but they left eight runners on base 
compared to the Warriors' three. 

UCSDs record now sits at 14-15, 
overall and 9-11 in the California 
Collegiate thletic Association. The 
Tritons next cries \vill be against the 
University of Ilawaii-Hilo at homc 
on March 30. 

sportsupdate 
Coming in the April 3 issue 

of the GlIII1'dill1l is an update 
on how UCSD fuired It the 

NCAA Di\ision II SWImming 
Championships as well as the 

NCAA Fencing 
Championships. Also, look for 
results of women's water polo's 

tournament in Hawaii that 
concluded on March 29, base-

ball's weekend series with 
Sonoma Stlte, and the track: 

team's meets on March 22 and 
March 29. 

Israeli MK and former Minister of Transportation 
Tuesday, April 8, 2003 

8:00 PM 
doors will open at 7:00 PM 

University of California, San Diego 
Center Hall Room 115 

Please R.S.V.P .• Free admission 
No backpacks or large bags· Photo 10 required 

CARAVAN 
for DEMOCRACY 

( • tsraeI and AnlI!nCa. ~ i'opes. SharIng \I3lJes. * ) 
The United States and Israel are united in a quest for victory over the forces that seek to undermine our shared 

democratic values and hopes for the future. Come hear prominent international speakers explain why what happens 
to Israel matters to you. It'S your freedom- make it count. 

Calavan for Democracy's supporled by 
For more information about Caravan for 

Dernocrocy and to R.S.v.P., 
e-mail catavan@jnf.org, visit 

www.catavanfordemocracy.org 

JNF 
'dIrge A t iv I..~[:. 

~ ~~ 
Oep.lrtlllt'm 

MEDIAWATCH HAMAG~U 
. , 

or call 1-800-969-5585 x247. .._",org 
COsponsored by UCSD Hillel, UCSD Israel Alliance 



ANNOUNCEMENTS 

Sororities! Help promote American Idol. 
Throw viewing parties at your house and 
earn S35O. Email jenniferd@zilo.com for 
more info. (4/3) 

EMPLOYMENT 

Earn S I ,000-$1,000 
for your Student Group 
In just ) hoursl 

Mult iple fundraising options available. 
No carwa.shes. No raffles. lust success! 
Fundra.lsing dates are filling Quickly. 
Get with the programs that work! 

IJS!Q1PUS 
)"'" Tf'UJI<J Sou"" jn, CO//~, F.ndn"'m.~ 

Office Assistant: HH 2 hrs/wi<, morn· 
ings. Computer and organizational skills. 
Very close to campus. summer ava ilabil-
ity necessary. S 11 /hr to start Email letter 
of interest to: Pathways@cts.com (3/31) 

Database creation from existing emails, 
phYSical addresses. Familiarity with 
leading database programs. Oceanside. 
Fun environment. tullyen pacbell.net 
(4/ 10) 

Amateur Models - Exotic Figure 
Modeling. Same day pay $IS No expo 
necessary. Mana - 619.366.0166 (5/1) 

Food critic! No experience needed. Up 
to S20/hour. Open schedule. Call 
1.866.800.5604x75O. (4/7) 

Looking for math, chemistry, physics and 
engineering majors to tutor high school 
students. $30/3 hrs. fleXible evening 
hours (858) 635-8904 (4/10) 

ATTENTIO STUDE TS - 516 6ase/Appt-
Paid Weekly. Customer SeMce/Sales 
PT/FT openings, permanent & temporary 
w/ lexlble schedule. Ideal lor students 
Scholarships/Internships possible. Full 
training provided Fun environment. 
Cal i 760942 1223. wwwworkforstu-
dents.com (6/5) 

Baby-Sitter wanted for wonderful 2-
year-old 10 Carmel Valley. Must be 
enthuslastJc and enjoy children. Child 
pducahon background: CPR a plus. 
Monda few hours (fleXible), 
Wednesday 930-230 through June. 
Nighttime baby-sling when needed. 
ApplV for day and/or nights References 
ReqUired Call Racnel al 858.792.6634 
4 3. 

Manag~rs Wan ed. Earn S4000/month. 
Full/Port-lime. 0 expo necessary, we'll 
train- call now! Page Mike. 
1.6003840409 (3/31) 

Summer Work-Make $8500+ 
Buslness/Mgmt expenence for all 
maJOIs. College credit available. Must 
be Willing to travel and work hard l For 
interviews at the Career Center, call Seth 
or MIChele at 6195234221 
Southwestern Co. (4/3) 

$1500 weekly potential mailing our or-
culars. No Expenence Required. Free 
inforrr.ahon packet Call 203.683.0202 
(6/5) 

Day Camps seek summer staff reSiding 
in the San Fernando/ConeJo Valleys. 
Earn 12800-13500+. 888.784.CAMP or 
www.workatcamp.com. (G/5) 

Butender Trainees Needed. S2SO a 
day potential. Local Positions. 
1.800 293.3985 ext 208. (5/1) 

lookin& for SUMMER lOB? The MISSion 
Valley YMCA IS looking for energeue. 
motivated, and fun lOVIng staff to work 
With children In our Day Camping 
Program. Camp Leaders S7 25'S775, 

THE U D GUARDIAN 

CGuAAoIAN lASSIFIEDS 
The UCSD Guardian reserves the nght 10 claSSify, edl~ delele offenSive words and pharses, 
and/cr refuse any and all advertlsements Wllhout pnor nonficanon The Advertiser WIll nOI 
hold the Guardtan liable for any dalms resulting from the publicatIon of Ihe advertIsement. 
The publisher WIll also not be held accountable for any cla1m from an agreement made 
between the advertiser and the consumer 
Copy should be reviewed by the advertiser fcr errors. In order 10 be corrected In the nel<! 
regular Issue. aU errors must be reported by the corresponding deadline Credrt WIll only be 
gIven for Ihe Incorrect pornon of the adver\lsement There are no refunds for cancellations. 
Please send all correspondence recardinl Classifieds to: 
UCSD Guardian, Attn : Clusifieds, 9500 Gilman Drive flO} 16, La Jolla, CA 91093. 
Actualloation: Student Center A. Room 111. 

Classified LI N E 
AD Rates 

Students: S] per 10 _rd. 
Faculty & Staff: S5 per 10 word. 

All olhers: S7 per 10 _rd. 
Advance payment 15 requtred 

Classified DISPLAY 
AD Rates 

S10.00 per column inch 
Deadlines: 

PubhcallOO 0.,. DIsplay A<k Lme Ads 
Noon Thurs. 3 pm Thurs. 
Noon Mon. 3 pm Mon. 

a •• slflecl Un. Ads appear In both the Guardian PRINT .nd ONUNE edltlDll5. 

Camp Unit leaders $8.75-$9.50, and 
Drivers (drivers will be drug tested) 
$9.00. For more information calilenn~er 
Naylor at 619-298-3576 ext 217, or 
Emily Ries at ext 228. Apply in person at 
5505 Friars Road or on-line at 
http:// missionvalley.ymca.org. (4/ 1O) 

A + SUBS - Preschool 
Substitutes, aides, & 

teachers. All areas, full 
time, flexible part time 

hours $7°O·$10s0 hourly 
Call Jacki 

858-565-2144 

Summer Camps Svvimming. horses, 
sports, arts and crafts, beaches, ropes 
courses and much more. www.daycam-
p)obs.com (3/31) 

Sales associates/ Body Art at San 
Diego theme park. Hourly wage+bonus-
es Will train. 619823.2918 (4/3) 

Artists to sketch caricatures at San 
Diego theme park. Will train. 
619.297.3691 (4/3) 

Web Oeveloper Wanted. The La Jolla 
InSlIMe for Allergy and Immunology has 
a job opening for a Web Development 
SpeCialist Position. Will communICate 
With research labs and administrative 
departments to translate traditional 
business documents and department 
information into visually appealing and 
functIOnal web pages Applicants 
should have experience With 
Macromedla MX SUite, graphiCS apphca-
lions. and ~a~e basiC understanding of 
production of dynamic HTML pages Pay 
is competitIve, 20-30hrs/week With flex-
ible scheduhng available. Students In 
busmess commUnications are encour-
aged to apply Examples of pnor lIIIeb 
work reqU ired, Email your resume or 
questions to Sue Son at hrlS lial.org 
(3/31) 

Mother's Helper, afternoons. fleXible 
hours, some cooking, good driving 
record. Rancho Santa Fe S 12/hr Submit 

r~sume to jbfenleyi'l yahoo.com (4/7) 

Camp Wayne for GirlS- Northeast 
Pennsylvania (6/19-8/16/03 ) Children's 
sleep away camp. If you love children 
and want to have a GREAT summer we 
are stili looking for Directors for 
SWimming, Golf. TenniS, Drama, 
Camptng/Nature, Hlgh&Low Ropes and 
Ass't Directors fo r Sports and 
Gymnastics. Counselors for :Tennis, 
Gymnastics, Team Sports, SWimming 
(WSI.), Salling. Water-skIIng. Celamlcs, 
Batik, Jewelry, Calligraphy, Guitar, 
AerobICS, Self-Defense, Video, Piano. 
Other posluons Group Leaders, 
Admlnlstrauve/Drlvel, urses (RN's). On 
campus interViews, April 9th. Call 
800.2793019 or go to www.camp-
wayneglrls.com. (4/7) 

MOVIE EXTRAS/MODELS NEEDED No 
experience necessaryl! Earn up to S 150· 
450/Dayil Call now for Immediate 

exposure 1.888.820.0164 (4/28) 

OFFICE ASSISTANT needed for Mission 
Bay Aquatic Center. Will train qualified 
candidates. Must be student Call 
Rebeca 858.488.2040exl203. (3/31) 

WAKEBOARD and WATERSKI BOAT DRI-
VERS needed for Mission Bay Aquatic 
Center Programs. 60at driving experi-
ence necessary. Call Amit 858.488.2040 
ext 213. (3/31) 

CAMP COUNSELORS needed for Mission 
Bay Aquatic Center programs. Some 
experience needed. Will train qualified 
candidates. Call Kevin 858.488.2040 ext 
215. (3/31) 

SURFING INSTRUCTORS needed for 
Mission Bay Aquatics Center programs. 
Some experience needed. Will train 
qualified candidates. Call Derrick 
858.488.2040 ext 231. (3/31 ) 

KAYAKING INSTRUCTORS needed for 
Mission Bay Aquatic Center programs. 
Some experience needed. Will train 
qualified candidates. Call Kyle 
658.4682040 ext 211 (3/31) 

Get Paid For 
Your Opinions! 

Earn $15-S 125 and more 
per survey! 

www .surveydollars . (om 

SAILING INSTRUCTORS needed for 
MISSion Bay Aquaucs Center programs. 
Some experience needed. Will train 
qualilled candidates Call Paul 
858.488.2040 ext 208 (3/31) 

I TERNSHIP Intern needed for photo 
scannrng project In the apparel rndustry 
Located near airport in Oceanside. Ca ll 
for detatls: 760-450-0542. (3/31-4/3) 

DEVELOP A LEGE DARY WEBSITE. ot 
another trite e·commerce site or bogus 
·We're here!" site like your fflends have 
bUilt, but an rnnovatrve online tnforma-
tlon product for collaboration, analytlcs, 
and data/document management. 
Prove you've got the goods by filing up a 
prototype by term's end. then become 
our paId Chief Technology Officer (800-

Yah~ for the summer (and beyond?) 
Resumes/refs/zamples/hnks/ava,lab,h-
ty/gnll-me: douglaney~email.com. 
(4/3) 

ROOMMATES 

Looking for F roommate to share master 
bedroom In townhouse. Right across 
the street from Regents 101. Available 
3/22 through summer S410/month, 
abo. Call 858.452.0281 (3/3 1) 

FOR RENT 

U/UTC, 3Br, 1 1/28a, bflghVlight, 
canyon, enclosed patiO, storage, garage, 
WID , pool. SI800/month, Ava il. 
6/20/03 Ph 85855 1 1049 (4/10) 

Walk to UCSD Cozy junIor 1 bedroom 

and spacious 2 bedroom floor plans. 
Close to shopping. Newly upgraded 
floor plans. Customize you r home. 
Immediate availability. Call for newest 
move-in specials: 1.888.216.9911 . 
Welcome horne! (5/29) 

La Jolla Shores Condo, 2b/2.5b, I block 
to beach. Furnished. Quiet and conve-
nient to campus. Avail. now, 
S29S0/month. w.vw.lajollacondo.net. 
858.967.5482. (3/31) 

La Jolla Guest Studio Cottage. $1000 
per month. Includes utilities and cable. 
Fireplace, patio, garden setting. 
Available now 858-551-1644 (3/31) 

UTe/La Jolla Colony Condos: 4-
Bedrooms, 2·8aths, 1700sqfl $2700; 
3BR2.5Baths, 1500sqft $2100; 
Available Late June. Washer, Dryer, 
Refrigerator, micro. 858.454.6462. 
(4/3) 

UC House 4bds 3bth $2300 D/W fridge 
ovens view 5 min to UCSD walk to bus 
stop shopping Kanlin 858.268.4758 
(4/7) 

UTC: SpacIous 38r/26a, near groceries, 
malf, park, canyon trails and UCSD 
shuttle stop. Community pool &spa. 
SI8oo/month. 858.349.7940. (3/3 1) 

UTC/La Jolla Colony Condo: June 29: 
3BR 2.5 Baths, 1600sq.ft. $2100. 
September 1: 3br/2.5ba, 1600sq.fl. 
12150. White carpet, new paint. 
Washer, dryer, refrigerator, micro Includ-
ed. Call Donna at 858.4546033 to see. 
(4/7) 

3-bedroom, 15 bath condo near UCSD, 
UTC, available September, pool, wash-
er/dryer, $18oo/month Call (858)792-
6453. (4/7) 

Bayfront condos MISSion Beach 
Furnished 48 S3800, 2Bs $1900/$1950. 
Sept.-May. Parkmg, laundry, water 
wwwsandiego-vacatlon.com. 858-483· 
8691 (4/3) 

UK/May 1 st · HR, 1.5 baths, 1500 sq. 
ft. condo. Call lily (858)458·5920, 
$1600. (4/10) 

FOR SALE 
TOP FLOOR BOARDWALK CONDO ... 

Private , qUI.t, utcure, VIews over UCSD 
Wood·burnln9 Illeploce, new corpeh 
IOtellor laundry Walk 10 do .. Walk lo 
Rock Bonom Brewery and Trader Joe', 

Excellenl Invesrmenl property (Iell 
your porent'l S2S4K-S269K. 

Contocl Jim Field ot 877-349·1104 

WANTED 

EGG DONORS NEEOEO Must be 
between 16-31, healthy, Intelligent, 
responSible, nonsmoker, drug-free. 
Compensation. Please contact Rebecca 
at BabyMirades ed msn.com or 
949.940.9163. (4/24) 

En Donors Needed_ Age 19-29, 
excellent compensation. Call Melissa . 
Building Families 800 790 7b33. 
(8/ll) 

MONDAY, MARCH 31, 2003 

Volunteers paid BO for an interview. If 
you are entirely of Chinese, Japanese, or 
Korean descent, age 21-26, call 552-
8585 x5590. (8/ 11) 

~~~~~~ 
~ WOMEN ~ 
~ BE AN ANGEL!!! ~ 

DONATE EGGS! ~ If you are 21-30 ~ ~ years, healthy, brighl ~ 
~ and respons ible ~ 
.,. 1-800·939·6886.,. 

~ All nationalities needed ~ 
'V' GENEROUS 'V' 
~ COMPENSATlON!~ 

~~~~~~ 
Tutor wanted for student at U . High. All 
10th grade advanced and AP subjects, 
esp. math and history. Call 858-456-
2820. (4/3) 

Fast Track Home Tutors. Home tutors 
with transportation to tutor in all sub-
jects, No rth San Diego County. Great 
pay! (858)792-0889. (4/10) 

Seeking volunteers with normal sleep 
habits, ages 18-64, to partidpate in a 
one-night clinical trial of an investiga-
tional drug for insomnia. Participants 
will spend one night in our sleep labo-
ra tory at the VA Medical ' Center. 
Financial compensation provided. 
(858)642-3219. (4/ 10) 

SERVICES 

Housesitter - Med. reSident starting at 
UCSD In June, seeks housesltll ng posi-
tion. Mature, responsible, considerate. 
References available upon request. 
269.352.2292, susanleigh@aolcom 
(3/31) 

Learn to Play Guitar with private lessons 
from UCSD student Learn quickly and 
have fun. S20/hr. Call Chns 858-344-
9519 (4/3) 

WWW.SOBankruptcy.com Thomas J. 
McKinney, Attorney at Lalli, 
619.296.0022, flexible hours, MISSion 
Valley office. (4/17) 

DOTUTOR.com Need a TUTOR? 
Hundreds of tutors to your home, all 
subjects, any level, discount packages 
available. 1.877 00 TUTOR, we are htr-
Ing. (6/5) 

PERSONALS 

UCSD-start uSing the PERSONALSt (3/3 1) 

Hey M and N: T minus 7 weeks!! 

War. What is it good for? Absolutely 
nothing. War is something that I despise, 
For It means destruction ·of Innocenl 
hves; For it means tears in thousands of 
mother's eyes When their sons/daugh-
ters go out to fight to give their lives. 
War is the ememy of all mankind. the 
thought of war blows my mind. Handed 
down from generation to generation. 
InductIOn, destruction Who wants to 
die? 

Cehne Dlon was on TV last week from 
Vegas, singing and ... dancing. Haven't 
s en choreography that sllff since the 
L e Harvey Oswald )ail transfer, (3/31) 

MONDAY, MARCH 31,2003 

MON. MAR. 31 
ARTS 

• Recital by Music faculty mem-
bers Aleck Karis, (piano) and 
Charles Curtis (cello), part of an 
ongoing study of Beethoven's 
sonatas and variations for cello 
and piano. 8 pm, Mandeville 
Center. 

LEC TUR ES 

• 'itter", A Graphical Programming 
Presentation, 6pm @ CRCA, UCTR 
408. Joshua Clayton will present a 
lecture demonstration on "Jitter", a 
set of video, matrix, and 3D graph-
ic objects for the Max graph ical 
programming environment. 

TUES. APRIL 1 
ACAD EMIC 

• lelends of China Deadline: You 
can still apply today! For more 
information and to register, visit: 
http://orpheus.ucsd.edu/icenter/p 
ao!locweb. 

ARTS 

• Solo piano recital by honors stu-
dent Pearl He, including works by 
Chopin, Bach and Mozart. 8 p.m., 
Mandeville Center. 

ATHLETICS 

Men's Tennis vs. Gustavus 
Adolphus College (MN) 2:00 p.m., 
North Campus Tennis Courts, 
Northview. 

CAREER 

• Findinlan Internship that's 
Right for You. With so many 
internships out there, which ones 
are right for you? Learn how to 
locate internship opportunities 
bOlh in the Web and in books, tips 
on the best ways to search the 
Internship listings, and the benefits 
of participating in internships. 11 
am-12: 15 p.m. at the Career 
Services Center. Call 534-3750. 

WED. APRIL 2 
ARTS 

• Open Mie Poetry Reading @ 
UCSD Bookstore, Noon-7p.m. 
Sponsored by the UCSD 
Bookstore, Call 858-534-6444 for 
information. 

Weekly submissions MUST BE 
RENEWED to appear in the 

Guardian. 

How to get published in the 

CAMPUS 
CALENDAR 

Guardian Campus Calendar 
submissions may be turned in at 
the Guard ian office, upstairs in 
the Student Center, or faxed to 

(858)534-7691. 
If emailed, please send to 

ads ucsdguardian.org and 
spectfy thai it is a calendar 

submiSSion. Late email submissions 

wtll not be published. 

Deadline is 3pm Thursday_ 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

for the week of 
Mar. 31 to Apr. 6 

• Movie Sneak Preview, "What A 
Girl Wants,H Mandeville Auditorium, 
7 p.m. Presented by the University 
Events Office. Passes can be picked 
up at the Price Center box office on 
Tues. 4/1 . 

~A R E E R 
• Resume Writing for Internships .. 
Part-time Jobs. Need help develop-
ing a resume for internship posi-
tions? Attend this workshop to 
learn about the elements of a 
resume and how to write them, 
how to develop a rough draft of a 
resume, and how to improve your 
skills on writ ing a cover letter. 5-
6: 15 pm at the Career Services 
Center. 534-3750 

THURS. APRIL 3 
CAREER 

• UCDC Program Workshop. Want to 
work in D.e. and get credit for it? 
Learn more about how to partici-
pate in the UCDC Program, which 
allows students in all majors to 
both intern and study in 
Washington, D.e. 2-3 pm at the 
Career Services Center. 534-3750. 

C L U B S 

• Associated Students Presidential 
Debate. Hear what the five presi-
dential hopefuls have to say about 
current campus issues. Noon at the 
Price Center Plaza. 

FRI. APRIL 4 
CAREER 

• Identifying Your Career Choices 
Workshop. Using our CHOICES 
occupational information software 
program and with the guidance of a 
career advisor, students will be able 
to quickly identify specific viable 
career options that match their 
interests, education, desired earn-
ings, etc. 9-10 am at the Career 
Services Center. Sign up in advance. 
Small group workshop. Call 534-
3750 

• Writinl Your Personal Statement 
for Health Professional School. 
Applying to a health professional 
school? Attend this session and 
learn about the purpose of the 
statement, the content to include 
and how to organize it. Get a head 
start on writing your statement! 12 
Noon-I pm at the Career Services 
Center. 534.3750 

ATHL ETI CS 

Men's VOlleyball vs. Pactfic. 7:00 

pm at RIMAe. 

• Baseball vs. San Francisco State, 
2:30 pm at the Triton Baseball 
Field. 

LECTURE 

• California State Senator Richard 
Polanco luncheon. Sponsored by 
Cesar E Chavez Celebration 
Committee at 11 :30 a.m., Warren 
College Commons, Warren College 
Amphitheater 

• Elizabeth Dahab, "Voices in the 
Desert: Arabic-Canadian Women 
Writers_H Assistant Professor of 
Comparative Literature at CSU Long 
8each, Professor Dahab is editor of 
Voices in the Desert: An Anthology 
of Arabic-Canadian Women Writers. 
4 pm in the deCerteau Room, 3155 
Literature Bldg. 

SAT. APRIL 5 
ART S 

• The Not-So-Silellt Fi lm Festival, 
11 am in the Seuss Room of Giesel 
Library. Free show! Free parking! 
Free noisemakers to take home! 
Experience silent movies in a rau-
cous way with the Teeny Tiny Pit 
Orchestra for Silent Films. The 
audience will help the live orches-
tra with some of the sound effects. 
Call 858.534.8074 for more infor-
mation. 

ATHLETICS 

• Baseball vs. San Francisco State 
(Doubleheader). 12:00 Noon, Triton 
Baseball Field 

• UCSD Men's & Women's Crew 
compete at the San Diego Crew 
(lassie, 7:00 a.m at the Mission 
8ay Aquatic Center. For more info 
call 858-534-8451. 

• Men's Volleyball vs. Stanford, 
7:00 p.m. at RIMAC 

SUN. APRIL 6 
RECREATION 

• A,B, Sea: S is for Seahorse. Here's 
some fun for the toddlers (ages 3-
4), who'll even get to take home a 
gift. Learn why the seahorse is one 
of the ocean's more curious crea-
tures. $20 for members, $25 for 
non-members. 9:30-11 a.m., Birch 
Aquar ium classroom. 

WEEKLY 
• (areer, Internship, and Job 
Search Advising. Need help finding 
an internshtp, searching for a job, 

CAMPUS CALENDAR 13 

FEATURED THIS WEEK ... 

Price Center Theater 
FRIDAY Opening night of the 200] SAN DIEGO 
INTERNATIONAL FILM FESTIVAL , the Reader's choice 3S #1 Film 
Festival in San Dtego. Don't miss this year's incredible line up mclud-
ing full -length fea ture films, shorts, and animation. Tickets: Festival 
Pass GA: $65j Student: $4Oj Single Movie GA: $7j Student: $5 . 
Scheduled to run through 4/18. UCSD box office, 858-534-4559, 
1ickctmaster 619-220-TIXS, updated titles 858-534-4097. Call 858-
822-3 199 for more additional infor.mation. 

THE DANCER UPSTAIRS (USA), the dlrectonal debut of John 
Malkovich. Rejas Gavier Bardem), an Idealistic policeman, faces the 
greatest challenge of his career: to catch the elusive guerilla leader 
EzcqUJel , a terron t about to bring his Latin Amencan country to tts 
knees. The military re!>ponse to the brutal tactics of EzequJe!'s follow-
ers IS equally ferOCIOus. tn the midst of the chaos, Reja finds himself 
drawn to his daughter's ballet tcacher, and soon, both Will be forced {Q 
choose between love, country and self. 7 pm. 

SUNDAY ICE CREA M, CH OCOL ATE AND OTHER 
CONSOLATI ON S (CAN). Watch the tory of UZIC and amuel, two 
long time frtends who grew up tn households With qUJrrehng parents, 
as they try to find peace as adults by sta)'l ng strong to each other, 
helping others In Similar SltuJtlon , and finding ~IJce to the htlle 
things in life like ice cream and chocolate. Directed by Julie II,von . 

pm. 

SWE ET 16 ( cotland). The ~tory of a 16-year old and hiS schclllc~ to 
leave the tenements of Glasgow. Directed by Ken Loach . 9plll. 

FRI. APRIL 4 I SUN. APRIL 6 
Festival runs through April 18th 

or exploring career options? Want 
to polish your resume and boost 
your interview skills? Don't walt 
until graduation to get advice and 
information! Stop by the Career 
Services Center today or call (858) 
534-3750. Ask us about appoint-
ments and drop-in advising hours. 

• Applying to Professional or 
Graduate School? If you're interest-
ed in pursuing an advanced degree 
after UCSD in medicine, law, busi-

ness, teaching. psychology, fine arts, 
science or other fields, the Career 
Services Center IS TH E place to bet 
Our resource library features helpful 
handouts, directories, catalogs, and 
videos packed with info on applica-
tion requirements, admissions tests, 
fellowships, inte rviews and more. 
Make an appointment to see one of 
our expert advisors. (858) 534-
4939. 

A,S. ELECTIONS ,lIC nnt week! Look for ~.lltlple b'll1ol~ In the 
(;u.IrI.ltall thl'> 1'11I1I\d,I)'. Aprtl 3, '1I1U nc\t Jvlond,\y. ,\pl tI ~.lIt1pl(' 
b,lllolS tnduuc staICI1H:ntS '>ublllltled b ' the candtdatc~ .lIId 
pros/cons o n the n:fcrcnu,\ Items to help you make an tIltortllcd 
dccistcln. VOTE ON ST UD ENTLI NK APR IL 1-11. 



Mon.-Fri. -Sat 9AM-6PM 
Tues, Wed, Th 9-BPM 
Sun: Retail only "-SPM 

Outstanding Haircuts 
Color specialists 
p.""s 
Highlights 
CorrectlY, Color 
Special Occu/on Styling 
"'ak. up Application. 
"'anicures 
Facials" Waxing 
Men ond MbtMn 
We corry ' 
Aveda, Matrix 
& Joico products 

858/457-3334 
MyIanI ........ 

$S OFF $10 OFF 
MIn',or AnvPenn. 

CoIor,Of 
HIghlIght 
VllllhtNtaCI 

BlU3 Villa La Jolla, La Jolla 
(In the La Jolla Village C4Jnter) 
Near Sav-<Jn & Whole Foods Mid 

£. __ ~ .. .J-~ __ • __ ?;J--.... t,.._ , ....... -._-
Need a Place to Live? 
MovingOffCampus.com 

# 1 provider of 
homes, townhome 

and condos in 
the UCSD area, 

Rent£! buy! 

UCSD students got 9 
out of 10 correctly in 
W inter Quarter . Stay 
tuned this Thursday for 
the first quote of spring. 
The degree of 
difficulty may 
rise I 

THE U D GUARDIAN MONDAY, MAR H 31, 2003 

Baseball: Pitcher Grubman improves to 5 .. 0 
continued from page ,6 

same as UCSD put up a total of 
nine runs within the first two 
innings. The Tritons went through 
the entire lineup in the first inning 
with singles coming from first 
baseman Jeff Riddle, second base-
man Nigel Miller and Fante, and 
an RBI double from shortstop 
Keith Hernandez. 

Despite home runs from two 
Toro batters, Dominguez Hills 
never caught up to the Tritons. 

UCSD freshman pitcher 
Gmbman threw six innings and 
improved to 5-0 on the season. 

"We played well during this 
series," said UCSD head coach Dan 
O'Brien. "The most positive thing 

we can draw from this is that we did-
n't play to our potential, and we still 
were successful. The team is starting 
to develop some maturity in a sense 
that the guys are beginning to feel 
comfortable in their roles. The wins 
were a great collective effort." 

The fourth game was delayed 
due to rain. When the game 
resumed, UCSD was unable to pull 
out the victory and lost 7 -4. 

CSUDH scored four mns in 
the seventh to come out on top. 

"We put ourselves in a position 
to win," O'Brien said. "There was 
the same opportunity, and we didn't 
close out that game. But 
Dominguez Hills earned it. T hey 
hit a home run to beat us. We didn't 

Tennis: UCSD's Westerman 
earns conference distinction 

conrinued from page ,6 
match to Cal Poly that left every-
one hungry for revenge," Taylor 
said. 

Emory came back to win four 
of the singles matches. At No. J 
singles, Gordon defeated 
'Nesterman 7-6,7-6. Taylor at o. 
1. defeated Dao. Chan defeated 
Jansen at 0.4. Katherine Powell 
of Emory defeated Sarah Bahlert 
at No. 6 singles, 6-2, 3-6, 6-4, [Q 
win the match. 

Giving UCSD its twO singles 
wins, Siddiqui defeated Moscato at 
No.3 and Leigh Roberts defeated 
Alberelli at the o. 5 position. 

On that same day Westerman 
was named the conference's 
Women 's Tennis Player of the 
\Veek. v.'esterman plays No. I 
doubles and o. J singles. 
\ \'estennan lost both matches to 
strong Emory opponents, but 
would win two agalllst Redlands. 

1\1'0 dJ}'S after Emory's comc-
backs, the Tritons ca me back 
strongly aga lllst Redlands. 

At No. I doubles, 'Nestennan 
and Jenna Ishii paired to defeat 
Tatiana Steinberg and Mully hih 

-3. At :-Jo. 2 Erin Il iranaga and 
Jcnna Umeno of Redlands defeat-
ed Dao and SiddiqUI, and at No.3 
Jansen and AJhron I hil defeated 
j\ Iclissa .orc}, and Kerri I Iarticld. 

\\'e terman at the No. I singles 
spot defeated Sleinhcrg 1-6, 7-5, 

6-2. Dao defeated Hiranga;Jansen 
defeated Gorey; and Roberts 
defeated Shih at No. 2, No. 3 and 
No. 4, respectively. At No.5, 
Andrea Dunlop of Redlands 
defeated Bahlert. Jenna Ishii at 
No.6 defeated Hatfield. The final 
score was 7-2 in favor of UCSD. 

"[The games against Emory 
and Redland was] a good way to 
close out the first half of our ea-
son," LaPlante said. 

The match against Azusa 
Pacific was a clear win for the 
Tritons, who did not allow Azusa 
to win one point. At No. 1 dOll-
bles, Westerman and J . Ishii 
defeated Christina Earnest and 
Andrea Yorkey. Dao and iddiqui 
defeated J\1.iyu Sato and Brianna 
Hahn at o. 2. Jansen and A.I hii 
at o. 3 doubles defeated Marilyn 
Wise and Hepzi egura. 

In singles play, Westerman 
defeated ato; Dao defeated 
Earnest; Siddiqui defeated 
egura; Jansen defeated Hahn; 

Roberts defeated Yorkey; and 
Mari sa Hilker defeated Wise at 
the o. 1, No.2, o. 3, 0.4, 
No. 5 and No. 6 po itions, 
respectively. 

The Tritons are now 13-2 
overall and 7- 1 III the conferencc. 
-me Triton hosted a game a!:,"lInst 
Pomona-Pitzer on ,\13rch 30. 
Those rC!.ults were nor available at 
press time. 

beat ourselves and losing some tight 
games is just a part of baseball." 

Triton pitcher James Sanders 
picked up the loss and fell to 1-3. 
UCSD~ Miller and third baseman 
Chris Brannan had doubles, and 
Smith knocked a triple in the game. 

With the series victories, 
UCSD improved to 13-7 in the 
CCAA and 18-12 overall. UCSD 
faced conference leader Sonoma 
State over the weekend. 

"1£ is exciting to be at the top of 
the conference, but we are only mid 
way through our season," O'Brien 
said . "There is a lot of baseball left. " 

Look for results of the Sonoma 
State series in the April 3 issue of 
the Guordioll. 

Crew: UCSD 
looks forward 
to important 
Crew Classic 

cominued from page 16 
6:49.7, USD at 7:00.8, UCSD with 
7:04.0, U I with 7: 17.6 , OCC at 
7:3 1.5, hapman at 7:42 .6 and 
CSULB with 7:54.8. 

Dwing the last race, UCLA fin-
ished first with a time of 7:26.99 and 
UCSD finished second at 7:39.0. 

"OUT boat was nor expected to 
finish as clo e to U LA as we did," 
said coxswain Arianna Pilram. UI 
think that is jncredible because no 
one expected it. " 

The next race UCSD \vill par-
ticipate in is the an Diego rew 
Classic on April 5 and April 6. 

"We race an important race next 
week with national champion 
Davis, I TUlllboldt State niversiry 
and Chapman nt\'erslty," 
Pinkerton said. " ll ul1lholdl, DaVIS 
and \Vestern Washinglon (not 
auending) are the schoob who will 
challenge us for the j ('./ \ bid in 
May." 

Patton hopes UCSD WIll ri <,c to 
the occa ... ion at a hlg race like thc 

rew Clas<,lc. 
U I know that \\ e hJ\'c more speed 

than we've ~ho\." III Ollr first fc" 
races, ,0 hopefully we will be milch 
faster \\ hen the races arc rcallv 
Important," Patton said. . 

CALL US 
FOR LUNCH 

DELIVERY OR CARRYOUT 

Two Large, Two Topping Two Large, Two Topping, Breadsticks 

I $12.99 I $idg':99 I 
U""rlld DoI.-y AI 8 DoI/vOlY Ch8f(JO$ May Apply Lim/led DeI/VOly AIO. DoI/VIYY Cl1alQo. May Apply 1 1 Not valid WllI1lny oth., 011., Customer pa~ aI1 appio<:lble utell" I N01 valid Wllh Iny oilier oI1.r Customer pa~ IN apphcable lales Ia> 1 Valid oo1y a1 San 0_ County Papl JolIn'. POZZI 5.",.. 1 Valid oo1V 11 S an Diego Coun1y P.pI John', POZZI S.or.. 1 

Explr •• 4/30/03 Explr., 4/30/03 ..",J. .;mf!"n~_!,·mtnl!\1 
I One Large, One Topping 1 ANY SIDE ITEMS ... Cheeseslicks, Breadslicks 1 

i $6.99 i $1':oiro'FF i 
1 L"",,1Id DolNory Alea Do/rWHy Cl1arf18' M.ty Apply I Lrm,rod Do/rvery ArM DBI"""y Cllar • May Apply I 
1 Not valid - any OCher oller Cu_ PI~ II ~ ..... WI I Not voltd WIIh lOy OCher cit., CUlllOmlr pay. IN applocabte aal .. II. I VUd or/y 11 San Diego Coonly p_ John. P,ZZI Stor.. \/alid or/y.' San Oiego Comly Pope John'. Plnl 510<1. 
1 ______ E!p!!..,!. 4~0.!!'~ _____ L _____ !"!!r.!., !,~/~ ______ I 

MONDAY, MAR H 31, 2003 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

9:00 am ~~j ~~SJ 
(MIf~ rtArl r~ Of'\; clu-c~ IJ RbN-) 9:30 am 

_~o~~_~~ r V1r~t~ PSjC"'- ~~ftr 
(Mf!~ rtArt Ifr Rb:tb ~ P~ftr) 10:30 am 

11:00 arn 

12:00 pm 

o pm 

2:00 pm 

2:30 pm 

3:00 pm 

3:30 pm 

4:00 pm 

piok Vf l f?J c/tiuyrr 
Piwufor ItWtJ G~ 

Everything you need for April Fool's Day (or to escape from it.) 

Aaron Brothers 
B.J. Chicago Pizzeria 
Bank of America 
Blockbuster Video 
California Federal Bank 
Century 21 Village Realty 
Cold Slone Creamery 
Doncaster (The Secret Studiol 
Elijah's Delicatessen 
Empire Beauty Supply 
Gary Kent Homes & Estates 

Globus Development 
Great Earth Vitamins 
Hamid Fazli , Accounting 
Kinko's 
La Jolla Dental 
Landmark Theaters 
Peet 's Coffee & Tea 
Pet People 
Radio Shack 
Ritl Camera 
Rub io's Fish Tacos 

Sav-on Drugs 
SCORE! 
State Farm Insurance 
Strouds Linen Warehouse 
Sunny Fresh Cleaners 
lG I. Fridays 
The Flame Broiler 
U.S. Postal Service 
Washington Mutual 
Whole Foods Market 
Young Att itudes 

VlllA~f mffR 
TIME WELL SPENT. 

LA JOLLA VILLAGE CENTER : 8813 VILLA LA JOLLA DRIVE AT NOBEL DRIVE, (858 1 622 -0858 

15 



SPORTS 
Men's Tennis 

ucs D concluded a long 
homestand with a 3·1 

record In Its four matches 
over the past two weeks. 

page 11 

MONDAY 
MARCH 3 1, 2003 

16 

Tritons go 4-1 over break Tritons wins two 
of three matches Baseball its 

In econd 
place 

By COURTN EY FI ELD 
Senior Staff Writer 

Women' tennis falls to Emory 
before beating Redlands and APU 

By CHRlsnNE LIM 
Staff Writer 

LTC. D women\ tennis hosted 
El11or,' on ,\ larch 12. ' I,vo days later, 
CCSD played again t niverslt)' of 
Redlands. LTC D 10 t a close !,'dmc 
again t Emory 5-4. Ilowever, the 
Tritons came back trongly to hca t 
Redland 7-2 . The winning momcn-
nml continued on their next match 
.\ la rch 29 against Azu a PaCific, 
\\'hich the THtons won 9-0. 

Tritons kept VCS )) .1S a stTon~ con-
tender gOlllg IllIO the slllgles rn.ltch-
es. At o. 2, J asmin Dao and ' I ~ra 
Siddiqui defeated ,\1Jrgaret Moscato 
and Emily \\ 'a rhurg R- .~, and 
Km.nna Jan en ;Illd AllIson bhil at 
'Jo.1 douhle defeated Januc Chan 
Jnd C,rinO! Aibereili. 

"[We lost] a heart wn:nchlllg 

L'C 'D haseball f.lced C3hfnrnla 
Collegiate ,\thlene ."-"OCI,lt1on 
compemor C LT DOI1l11l~'lICl Hills 
In a four-!.,'dme erie, \\ Ith the first 
two gam • beIng played In Car,on, 
Caltf., ,\Iarch 13 and \ larch 1-1 Jnd 
the econd two beIng played In a 
doubleheader at Tnton Baseball 
Field on .\ larch I - fhe Tmons 
\I on the first three games, -" -4 
and 13-9, respccmely. L'C. D lost 
the fourth gamc • -4 to the Toros. 
TI,e Tnto;s 31 0 cLllmed a road 
'letory In a non-conferencc game 
agalllSt Azusa PaCific L'm\'erSlty '-
5 on \1arch 24. 

Rachel A Garcia/Guardian file 
A successful vacation: The LJCSD baseball teem had a god spnng break. 

"[The] match against Emory 
should be vcry lOugh," said head 
cmlch Liz LaPlante before the 
match. "lncy are number two in the 
nation In ational Collegiate 
Athletic Assoctation] DI\'lsion lJJ 
and arc onc of our former competi-
tors when we were Dill. They \\;11 
have a lot of depth and be very com-
petitive. It should be a close march." 

In game one of thc sene With 
CeDI I, UC D pulled out a oght 
game when the Tmon> cored fi\·c 
run In the Sixth lllOlng to go ahead 

wIning three (eM games e team IS now 13·7 In the (CAA and 18·12 overall. 

·5. The Triton held off the Toro 
and earned the victorv. 

CCSD pitcher /ose :--:a\'a rro 
earned the \\1n and Improved to 2-
4 B\Ton Grubman earned hiS first 
save' of the season for the Tmon~. 

In the second gaml: of the enes, 
UCSD Jumped out to an early lead, 

sconng four run 10 the first inlllng. 
The Tnton put up two addllJonal 
nms In the thml mnmg, capped by 
a solo home run from nght fielder 
Bren Burton. 1\\.'0 more runs 10 the 
top of the ourth secured the ec-
ond \1Ctor, for LTC. D. 

Sent or . deSignated hmer John 
Bologna went 3-for-5 and had 
three stolen ba es 111 the game. 
Center fielder .\ bn • mlth. fir t 

Softball splits its last six 
games, moves to 14, 15 
Mettee blasts three home 
run s in the past six games 

By JOE SPANO 
Staff Writer 

UCSD softball won three of Its 
last SIX games, tarong With two 
VlclOnes agalllst Sonoma s,tate on 
March 14, followed by a wm and a 
IO!.S agalllst ' Don ,\\arch 26, and 
endmg WIth twO los~es agaln!>t 
CSU Stamslau on larch 2 . 

The Tmorn staned thmp off 
strong WIth an B-O llH:rcy rule \1C-
tory agaInst ')onollla , WI h five 
tnlllnp of three-htl ball from 

fr~hlllan pitcher ~lCphame Kurt 
jUllIor Amy \lellce hJl her fir" of 
three hOllle rum 10 the pa~t ,IX 
gaml: a~ UCSJ) rolled o"cr the 
St:<lwo\ve<.. The 'Inton, ~ored one 
III the fir~t InnIng, three III the "ce-
ond, twO III the third , and one tn 
each the fourth and fi th 

"\\!e play Ix:,t when "c play 
agbrr~~lve, and we dcfirutely CJme 
out ,trong III he fir\[ game," 
Mcnee ,ald. 

The \c'Cond gallle of the '>(:rte, 
rt ... ulted III a 3-1 '1 rllOm VIctOry, 
With the "clOry gOlllg w ')(>ph,;-
Inore Ken llaruey, lmnglllg her 
rewrd up to +-fJ. ' l1,e \corc wa~ I· 
I until the Ifth Inning when 
\-tenec Jnd \OphfllllOre jalllle 
I l ur~tlUl back-lIJ-iJack home rum, 
With Ilur~t ' hOlller IlClng her fiN 
of the >ca,on 

"\ve played grl:Jt, we lUI w '11, 
our defcn'!'c played great, \~e ,mt 
came out rt.'ady to \tJrt the ~ccolld 
half of our ~ea\on '!Jong," ,.lId 
head coach Paw (,ertkcm. 

UCSD then lIlovcd on to play 
agalrnt USIJ, 1000Illg the fiN galliC 
1-0 and gIVlng Kurt her MOcond 
I~ of the se~.'>Cm, brtnglllg hcr 

record to 4-2. The TrItons were 
onl ), able to mu ter twO hm, both 
coming from Hurst. 

The second game against US D 
resulted In a mne mnIng 7 -6 VlCtD-
ry for the Tntom, with the wm 
gOlllg to Hanley for her four 
InOlng of work, brtnglllg her 
record to 5-6. UCSD collected 10 
luts 10 the game, IIlcludmg two 
from Ilurst, two from juruor jodlc 
Bland and twO from frc,hman 
DeSiree F ranClscu~ Both 'C D 
Jnd L' D ~orcd one run 10 the 
eighth IOmng, but the ' I mon \\crc 
able to '>Core rwo III thl.' nllllh , 
whde L' ' D could onI} anwcr \\lth 
onc 

"\\'e phlyed t\\ 0 good gamc\, 
"c onlv 10 t the ~r"l h\' onc run 
With ll(~ error" we IU\t (ilcln't hit ," 
(,creken, .,ald. "The '>ccond gJme 
we got our bals gOlllg J lutle Lac, 
but \\e played \l L.'1I1ll pre,,>ure ,>uu-
atIom. 

L'CSD' ne\t \enc,> lOok pl,l(c 
.It 'lurllxk, CllIf, \lhert Ihe 
' Inton,> lo~t the fiN game to Ihe 
\ \'arnor, hI- a \(()rc of 2-0. BfJlh of 

~I.lrmldU\ ' ' rullS c.une III the "Xlh 
IIlIlIIl~ off kurt . lmnglllg her 
rl:tord down 104 ) Oil th.: ...... J .. OIl . 
L'C'>D wa., olll ~' ahk to pn>llule 
three hm In thc !!alllt, OIH: eJl h hr 
\\cnee, Bland JI'1I1 hc.,lll IlJnjcllll;' 
~llCnccr 

rhe ' Inwn\ '>ellJlld gJIIIC 
agJI1l>1 ~taru.,IJu' rc,>ulted III J 5 j 
WIn h)r the \\'a trlor" Wllh Ihc 1<1\\ 
gUlll/! tI) \IJrler IlI.mel, dropPlll~ 
her rt:,onllll 5 L ( '<;1) \1.1., ahk 
to produl.e clghtlut\, thr . . COllllllg 
frolll Ilur\t, J, "ell J\ a hOlllc nlll 

See SOnBALL, Jla~l' I 1 

ba~eman .\I an .\ lern field, thtHl 
haseman Keith Albrech t .md left 
fielder Dalman Fante each had a 
tolen base in the game. 

Triton hurler Raf Bergstrom 
went SIX mnings, srrilong Ollt five 
Toro ba tters. \ \ 'ith the \'ICtor,', 
Berg trom ImprO\'ed to 3-0. ' 

Game three was much of the 

See BASEBALL, Page 14 

It was indeed a close match when 
Emory edged out UCSD during the 
single games to win. t ~o. I dou-
ble , UC D' Julie Westerman and 
J eona I hii were defeated by .\lary 
Ellen Gordon and Jolyn Taylor -4. 
1\vo sub equent wins from the 

Rachel A GarCla/GuordlOn file 
Bouncing back: Women's tenniS won 
two straight after lOSing a close match. 

Tritons race four boats in Berg Cup 
Women' crew rows against seven other team 

By CHRISTINE LIM 
Staff writer 

LlC D women's crew participat-
ed in its biggesl regatta thu far in 
the spring season on ,\ l3rch 22. The 
Berg Cup, held In 0lewport , Calif. , 
mcluded LA, SD, UC IrvlOe, 
Occidental , CSU Long Beach, 
Chapman and UCSD. 

lne Tmons raced four boats III 
four races. In the va rsity eight, 
UCSD finished fifth out of JX boalS. 
In the ~cond varsity eight race, 
U D fil11 hed ixth out of ix. TIle 
nO\1Ce eight boat finished tlurd out 
of seven '!l,e ccond nOVlce eight 

boat finished second out of two. 
"\Ve actually have never raced 

at the Berg Cup before," aid 
Stephanie Barriere, who raced in 
the va rsity eight boat. "The race 
wa really competitive and all the 
crews were strong." 

The boat in the firs t va rsiry 
eight race fini hed in the followmg 
order: LA with 6:42 .5 . USD at 
6:47 . , UCI at 6:50.4, SULB at 
6:52.4, UC D with 7.' ) 2.0 and 
Chapman With 7:24 . . 

"lnc crew felt It was their be t 
race so far this season .. . and it was 
the fa test lime the varsity has 
recorded ~Ill e I've collle to the 

school," said head coach Paw 
Pinkerton. 

The second ra~c of varsity clghl 
b at fini hed With SD at 7:06.4, 

CLA at 7:0 .8, acc at 7: 11.0, .1 
C ULB lIghtweight bO:H with 
7:17.0, UCI With 7:2 1. 1 and 
UCSD with 7:26.8. 

"The boat had a great St.1rt and 
was in second for the first part of the 
race, but ended up dropping down 
to sixth," said co·captain Sara 
Patton. 

The third ra e, the first novice 
eight race, fini shed with CLA at 

See CREW, PURe 14 

Men's volleyball gets first MPSF win 
uc 0 utl t U but 1 e to 

Pepp rdine nd Haw ii 
By BRYCE WARWICK 

Senior Staff Writer 

' l1,ere 1\ no ,uch thm~ a\ a lllght 
off III ule \l ountJIn PJufic Sport" 
FederatIon Aftci ]lKkJllg up m fir\1 
conference \\In III dralllJtlc '>lYle 

Jgalll~t L'S( ., thl: L'C~D Illen\ \;11-
leyhall leam fell j·O to to]> · rankled 
PC]lpcrdlllt on \ larch 15 , ,Ind then 
lo\t CCJ1l,CCUll\e mJtlhe .. Jgaln'>! 
defend 109 nallollal lhalllpion 
IIJ\lJIl Oil ,\1Jrth 2f) Jlld .\-Iarth 21l. 

In 1.0\ Angcle~, the ' I rtl')ll' 
,how cd re'>olvc and an .tllllItr to 
<.:fllllt: through In the clutch that 
they h.ul ~()lIghl all .. e.1\11I1 ' I he 
I rttcJll r)1t 'n\(! grH rolllllg rll!hl 

J\lay WIth 11 loll .. on only fivc 
atlJtk elror .. In lhe Ir'l two galllc\. 
' I he effort wa> nm cnough, hO\l e\ 
er, a'> the ' )rolan'> lOok hack-Io-

hack 30-28 dcu'>lOm 011 the: 
,trength of 40 kllb and JUlIlp!.!d out 
to a 2-0 lead III the match . 

In the uUClal thml gdllle, the 
Tmom IJngUl~hed With I () 11Ilung 
error, th,1t gave ', C douhle 1I1o1tch 
I)cllnt, at 29-27 before CST) 
flipped thc 'Witch. Il e.ld wach 
Ron Lar,en'" .. quad pu .. hcd fuur 
.. tr.llght POInt'> and WOIl 3 1 29 to 
keep the lIIatch .lll\c 

'1 he ' IrojJn,>' dcfiuency 111 the 
..erVlle dcp.lrlln ' l11 .. howed III the 
fourth game .IS the lIulllher of '> 'r-
vice error~ tlImhed towJrd the 
lIl.mh total of 24 , 'I rtto1l\ used that 
.. hght edge to pick up the 1{)·26 
win Jlld r( ; ~I) g.llned the 
fllOlllcnlUlll 

In the fIfth alld dl'ulitng gallle, 

)re VOLLEYBALL, Jlal<W 1 1 

Reb«u O,eKi(',/GualdlOn file 
First league win: Th Tntons b ellihe 
TrOjans from usc over spnng br a 



HIATUS Bill's Mom 82 SPORTS 

Play review: IPeter and the Wolf Ass Z4 Gets the axe Waldo 1-5 Men's basketball head 
Despite the press photo on the right, this play is not a gra~hic piece Crossword Puzzle X69 coach Greg Lanthier 

Black market D1 was fired after fail ing to explonng sexuality, but is actually a children's eoduction. W 0 can't wait meet university 
to see the "Big, bad, very naughty Wolf' ta e on Peter? page 014 Sperm GR8 expectations. , 

THE DISRE 
ARI) 
~()T IlFR hFLF.Y 

Troupe 
caught 
in lies 

• again 
Davis bio 

just another 
tall tale 
By BO RHINO 

Cool s <lrne Ever 

I'lolt:"or ()UIIIC\ Troupe 
. Idmltlcl! Tuc,day th.lt hc 111"-
led .. tudellt .. J~d mlle.l!:lIe, 
.Ihout 1>e11l!:.1 deJr fncnd of 1.171 

11l1l~ICI.ln .\ I dc .. Da\ I', 
' Iroupe, "I)() \HOtc ".\I de,> 

Jnd \l c. \ \l cll101r of AIde, 
1).]\,1',," .Id llllt' that he lIe\'er 
met D.I\I\ Jml th.1t Ill'> lIl"plra-
tllJll fill the .l\\.lrd-wlnnlllg 
hook ('al1le fro III dnnklng too 
IIllllh I.rng and thc cIctlilCal 
rh.lq;e .. ()f the powel hllc, he 
11\ cd under 

I roupe, \\ ho dcll\cred the 
.lnnOUIICelllellt .It Thc LlJr,' 
(:Juh h.lr In \I"'lon Be.lch .Ifter 

h.I\ln~ .1 fc\\ w hl .. k"" ,our" ,.lId 
tlut I\c ~.Irneled ";lIuch Imc" 
.Iltel Ihc 'hool. w.1'> puhh,hnl 

"I ~Ol ,0 IIluch '''''.'' ' IrOUPl' 
,.lId "Thcw ho, w,I'> .111 up Oil 
Ill'" thcI lo\(: the '111O<lth 1.111 
'<lulld, of Ih.lt l'at 11),1\ 1'>1." 
lroupc ,.lUl "I Ihoughl, ,hit, I 

111I1.:"ht .l\ wcll 1001. !lut fOI 
()I;lncy ("r! , (hg l!etllllg dm\ 11 

'i", LIAR, 1',11:,· / ); 

MONDAY, APRIL 1, 2003 

UCSD to host beer I 
gardens at events I 

Watson sacks up and 
reverses alcohol policy 

By JOSE ANTONIO MIGUEL 
SAN RAMON CORTEZ 

Working for Green Card 

Vice Challcellor of Student 
.Uf.lir, jo,eph \ \ '. \\ ',mon 
e\pre"ed hl~ ~uppon for OIl-C,lIl1-
pu, beer gardcm rn a 't'lrtilllg 
ch.mge of heJn dunllg.1 \ larch 
27 IIlterVIC\\,. \ \ '.ll~()n "lid th,1t 
there" no C\ Idellee th.lt beer ~Jr­
dem havc ,Ill\' detrllllental crfect 
on C.IIllJlll' life ,llld th,1t there \\';" 
110 IU.,uli,lllle re,l'OIl to COlltll1UC 
to oppo,c beer g.lrdem . 

\ ccordlng to \\ Jt,on, h" pre-
\IOU, OppmltlOIl t,l hecr garden, 
W;l' an attcmpt to )(.1111 ;Iceept.mcc 

.llld ,>uppnrt for h" hid to hecome 
a cl1.lneellor of a 1lI.IJor uni\'er'lty. 
I l owe\(~r, after recent free .,pecch 
II1cldenh have crilicaliv hun hl~ 
chances of dOing '0', \ \ 'Jt,on 
deCided to .,hm\ hi, true feehn~~ 
.Ibolll beer. 

"There 1\ ,lb,olutcly nothing 
w mnl:[ \\ nh ,tudents of legal Jge 
engaging III the con,ulllpuon of 
alcohol Jl .. ucl.lI e\'cnr-," \ \ 'J tson 
,.JIll. " ~ long as the e\ent " well 
re)(,ul .lled, there I, IHI rea,on to 
dell\' the,e students a irulc fun . 
Aher all, thev Jre adlllt, th.n can 
nlJl.e their il\\ n decl'lon., 'Ihout 

See BEER, Plll!~ /)6 

Courtesy of AlcoholICS Anonymous 

Drink up: VI e Chancellor of S udent Affairs Jo p h 'to. ~\aMn drowns hiS 
sorrows 0 being passed over dS Chanc ·lIor b poundln a few beers 

Patriarchal Male Studies offered 
Machismo, strippers explored in major 

PMS Course Offerings 
PMS 1,2: Fundamentals of 

manhood 
PMS 69: Gym class 
PHYS 11 : PhYSICS of 

Masturbation 
(OSF 10J: Catcalls 
ECON 149: EconomiCS of the 

cheap bastard 
ECON 169: Stnp club game 

theory 
BIO 10J: NutntJon of the 

couch potato 
HILA 169: HIStory of MachISmo 
COGS 119: Thinking about 

sex every five 
seconds 

(HEM 146: Beer brewing 
MATH 149: Sports statistiCS 

~: PMS MofIIhIy Repo<1 

By JEREMY GIAMBI 
Slide, Asshole l 

StJrllng LIII 2001, ,tudenb \\\ 11 
he ahl e to decl are J 1ll,IJo r III 
Patri.lrch.11 ,\I Jle Studi es, .rnll1!el -
dl'>Cl pirllary program that .Itlml n-

i 't, Lllo r~ say wtli hel p undergrad u-
ate, explore the " lr ght of the 
chauvi nisti c lIIale. 

The Ilit erlirsc lp l1l1.lr), major 
Will d rJw nlJlIY ulldcrgr.HllI,lt e<, 
who wcre prevlou, ly enrolled III 
Crilical C endel Studl c, lh.lt h.I\ C 
1( 11)(, pelltloncd for ,I progra m th,n 
cnu ca ll y In vcs tlga te, what It 
me,lm to he J trJd ltwn,rl 
Amen can m.Kho nlJk , lob 

" \,vc have ,llway, rccognl /ed 
th ' ' IIIJcho nl.1 n' a, a staple 01 
Amen cJn cullll re," , J ld PMS 
major founder Jntl p,ycholo/:( 

profe~'()r Fr.11l1. 1( 110\ "FI'l~r) 
pre,ldent h.I' h~en .1 111.1" ,1IId lIlell 
h.I\,C hl'>lOncJllv 1I1,l(le lIIorc tlUIl 
\\01111':11 \ \ hlle (illll1g cqll,11 or Ie" 
WOI k. So wlw C.1I1 't \\ c lII\'itc our 

ul\ller~radua~c, lll to the \\ orld of 
the p~ trl arch.11 llIa le' Let~ glvc 
credir where credit IS due" 

Kllo \ \\\ 11 he In,t rtlL' lI ng the 
lIl .ljor\ Int rod ucto ry cour,e 
,cqlle llce, Pl\lS I J lld 1 a, well J~ 

~()C1oloj,')' cour,c.. .lJlpirc.lhlc to 
the major , ueh .1'> P,ycholoJ,,)' I l) 
"Scra lclllng Our,cil c," Jnd PSYC 
117 "Sui>ordl ll.ltlng fcm.lle~ . " 

The COl lr,e of ,tluly for Pl\lS 
wil l largely focu, on dOmll1JIll 
nule ,ltllt uti e" , ueh .r; "protecting 
olle\ kI n," "not tJ klng ,hit from 
.IIlY bit 'h" Jnd "tJlklllg wilh food 

Sec PMS, Pllgl' I 6 

\'OLU1F 777, ISSL'F ()!) 

leon MaaoVlak/CuardlOn 
Hell no, we won't go: Students ga hered en masse 0 'Save he "S· Spo . 
a er members of CalPtRG announced a campaign 0 Increase stl.dent par' Ing 

CaIPIRG starts campaign 
to 'Save the "S" Spots' 

Administration' late t effort t be 
thwarted by hippie , pledge card 

By MARK KOMBER 
Has,Been 

C.dI'IRC; ,lnl101l llCed th.1t It, 
newest C.IIlIPJlgII \I<llrld he to ,arc 
thc cllliJngered "!'I" 'pOl'> Oil the 
L'C!'IJ) C;IIII Illl>. Thc JIlIlOUIlCe-
IIlcm. whICh lJillC dunnl.:".1 \ \.irth 
;0 pres-. confcr-
ellce, outlilled J 
pl.lIl to not onl} 
pre,en'c the 
c\lsung ,tudem 
'POb on C.II1I -
pm. hut [() ,ll'll 
cOII'>truCl ncw 
lot, hOlh on ,lIld 
off (.11 11 11 u .. , 

\ccordlll" to 
the pl.lIl, .lhuut 
1.000 IlC\\ "S" 
'pot,> would hc 
gener,Hed fur 

Will Farrell 
"I drrve d Dod'e 
S rJtus! I Cdn do 
200 pushups In 

20 mlnute~l" 

c\clu'>l\'c U\C by student,. The lor-
would n:m.lin ~S" lOb for ,I 1ll111l-
II1l1l11 of ,0 yeJr . 

"\ \ 'e re,llly think lh,1t th" IS .111 
IS'Ul' that afi"ect, ~I lot or ,tudCll!" 
Jnd 1\ OIlC thlt I~ re,dly wonh our 
lIIne JIHI energy." ;Jld UCSD 

C.IIPIRC ch.lpter dl.lIr \I ~Ir",1 
HI I.:""lII , ""ure. thc el1\ 1l'llllll1ellt " 
"lIIlCthlll!{ th.1l \\ e JII nced ttl \\(lrk 
.lIld prOll:l't. hlll lhe re.llltr I' lh.1I 
peopic Ill'ed til dmc .111.1 p~"pk 
Ileed 10 h.n ~ .1 P 1.1 l'l' to p,rrl 
Ilcl,lll'>e "I till', w ~ .Ire t!OIIl!! to he 
pUlllllg ollr mhcr prule~h ,;11 hold 
,lIld re.III~· put .111,,1 our cnerg\' IIl[(l 
till'> C.lIllpJlglI." 

The new pl.lIl g.llned lIlIC\peCl-
ed ,upp<>rt from L't'S !) .1.11111111'-
trJwr" lIldudll11.:" \'i ce Ch.IlKclior 
of Stud~1l! \H.m' Jowph \ \ 
\ \ ·.Il'lll l. 

"/ Jill hehlllli C.II I' I R(' II () pcr-
tent," \\ ',It'OIl ,.1Il1 "In thc P'''t. 1 
thllll. th.1t I h.1\ c dcfllllll·h· hecli 
gllllt~ III hnlll! 111 .1Ilother \\ orld .111<1 
1I0t ~11Il\\ lilt! \\ h.1t " re.llh l!OIIlt! Oil 
th" CJlll pU~, RCl'clI!h. I h.;\e t.ll.<.:n 
,I renew cd Intl're't 111 the (.lIl1 lnl\ 
.lIld l\lund thJt nut c\ Cryhlllh hlTl' 
h.I'> ,I rc,en cd p.lrklllg 'pot 1 thlnl. 
th,lt rI we .Ire !!Olll~ to I.:"row .1' .1 
1I1l1\'C I,lly, Wl' h.1\e' to .;dcqU.llCh 

,1~COIlIlI1()d.lte .111 01 the Ill'ed, III 
Im:1 Udlllg pall.lll !!. 

.scc SPOTS, /"I~< /) I 

WHETHER HE SAID I I S. 
~ ~ t · ... 

MIrth 11 April 1 
r.«nwft R.lIIy 

Bra TSIwt 

-

/11~ 
-
-

~ 

-'I 

April 11 June 7 
WOOv Haalhel 
~ &AI 

, r U tick it tip 'our 
ass and pull the 

fuckin trigger 'til it 
goe lick , " 

-Jesus. 
"8 year oIds, dude" 

REPORT 

• to l.',grdleful con.,lIk·: 
dIld ih<.~1 t'd I"" \1'01 
<All 01 Br ,ny fill S'"'" 
'min TrOl'-ky dod 

- ---------=~-----



m MISI!l:R)RMATIO. THE UCSD DISRE-GUARDIAN MONDAY, APRIL I , Z003 

BARFLY AND THEN SOME ••• 
French literature program 

renamed 'Freedom' 
The UCSD literature Department 

announced last wee that the malor, minor 
and courses formerly nown as French htera-
ture will be retitled Freedom literature, effec-
tive Immediately. 

'The transition should be relatively 
smoo h," si'ld Litera ure department chair 
Adam Smith. "The course prefix LTFR can 
remain the same, and since our department 
doesn'l wnle down all of our poliCies anyway, 
Ihere's not much on the books to change.' 

According to Sml h, the change was made 
in response to WIdespread cn~Clsm of all 
hmgs French since he French government 

and people have come oulln unabashed cnl-
losm of he U.s.-led war In Iraq. 

'Slnce UC Irvine's dining halls renamed 
heir french flies, 'freedom fnes: we new 
hat the antl-francophone phenomenon was 

no longer liml ed 0 Inbred moonshlne·ma· -
ers In Ar).ansas,' Smith said. 

Senior Vice Chancellor of AcademiC 
Affairs Marsha A. Chandler said she had no 
Input In he maller, of wille!> she dlsap-
pro ed. 

''his IS rucklO'g rldICUIO~S," Chandler said. 
"[Chancellor Robe. C] Dynesy-boy will have 
my Ie er of resignation on f)lS desk lomor-
rov\;" 

Dynesy-boy could nol be reached for 
comment. 

Most students will not miss he Gallic pro-
gram's name, according to French lit malor 
Amerlo FranchoUiliard. 

"The French really suck,' Franchouillard 
said. "You Just can'l trust a people who speak 
a language with more han nine verb lenses." 

Franchouillard further suggested that he 
renamed departmen offer a course on a 
truly French speCialty: waving Ie drapeau 
blanc 

Expired elevators at UCSD 
proclaimed bloodbaths 
Tne Office 0: Sale l' and Hea:th 

P'ote lor concernned campus ele a ors as 
'dea n traps' aher reports surlaced that he 
o;:!e, a:o' perrT1i 5 we'~ long expl~t:d. 
Apparen ly, M,SCO, :"unlca"on caused '~e 

Josh ~ Huti' Jumping on the 
ClOUse crenade since 1995 

lauren r. -AIr drums Re~ret not running 
Coartney yet. 

Charlie "My day IWJ Wet Blanket 
come lran 

Grant "Jeff Guaranteed to 
~1Ie, Jr" Schrader hook up 

MaIller "U1o.e, totally" 
Martin 

Evan "1 love Salty The Dude 
H~' Mclaugl1fin 

Gaelle Cheese-E~tinc 
"loistoy' Faure Surrender Monkey 

Caire"Ju5j one mo<e A fine line between 
~aItef"Vannette assertive ~nd bitchy 

JessICa 'The Hlbemator" Dueling banjos 
lmgel 

Daniel 'tnjoy the ShoW" 
Walls 

Anu ' fOO KG" Kumar Gettin' p~id is 
my fortay 

Owen ·SOOttJe Party 
Gone l'«oog" MaIO 

Hell, I un get tOU ~ 
toe by 2 o'd oc this 
afternoon ._. 
with n~il polIsh 

Karia 'Da~ GIrl" Fresh mut 
Vries 

"Blad<er !he' Barn 
"Sweetef the JuICe" 

Worth 
Rinaldo 'Death is on P~rtin, the beef 

)'CUI' Dorman cUrUins 

Anne 'yn' be corrupt- Beer Ho & 
r.d·Coog~ Br_master 

Clayton WIx-<iood 
yan, 'IAlat is d good 

for?-fal 

TyItr ' Monopoly Man" Free ballin' 
Huff 

K~nck • _ or is d Pal'" I know kune fu 
Leung 

Zht-Ning "Just a phooe Future online porn 
caU ErWay 011 a lonely curu 

night' wng 

elevators to remain operational Without prop-
er maintenance or inspeclion, posing a dan-
ger to the general public. 

AS PreSident Jenn Brown was a vocal 
cntlc of the university administration for laps-
Ing In maintenance of the elevators. 

"ThIS IS completely unacceptable," Brown 
said. "I am currently drafting a resolution con-
demning the administration for these terrible 
ads against students. We must let them 
know that UCSD students will not be bullied 
by such tadlCs. I will not rest until they hear 
our message!" 

UCSD Chancellor Robert C. Dynes attnb-
uted the lapse to stnklng union workers and 
stressed the need for union workers to 'con-
cede like the little bitches that they are~ 

"ThIS IS ndlculous," Dynes said. "It's all the 
union's fault. If they would do their jobs 
instead of bitching all the lime, then thiS 
wouldn't happen~ 

According to Dynes, he elevators will be 
updated and ce titled by May 15, 2005. 

Sixth College to be named 
through contest 

amlng n h s for Sixth College will be 
awarded In a contest hosted by SOT and 
sponsored personally by Chancellor Robert 
C. Dynes. 

5 udents, s aff, facul and community 
members Will be able to callm to a speCial 

SOT broadcast, and the Sixth caller will be 
granted nghts to name the college whatever 
they desire. 

We had really reached a dead-end With 
bralnSlOrTPlng names for the college," Sixth 
College Provost Gabnelle Wienhausen said. 
"George Lucas, Anne Boleyn, tha twit who 
was on 'Blossom' ... but hen one of our bnl-
hant, charming and eminently competen 
resident adVisers suggested the call-In con-
test. Thank goodness our ri$orous RA selec-
tion process works so well. 

VA Hospi al bum Jim S ephens said he 
was already rymg 0 collect he 35 cen s he 
would need 0 breathe heaVily over he pay 
phone he sleep5 under In an effort 0 Win 
~~e contes. 

"I'd name he coliege after me," he said, 
gnnnln~ oothlessly, and added, "God bless 
UCSD ,or )emg such a democratic inS i u-

lon~ 

Fedayeen Crouse 
Marnette 'Eager Beaver" fedens 

Makin' shil look pretty 
Jennrter 'Ch?Chan~ Catheline ehlu '\'{rth your mooth 

closed, Ed ~ ' •• th~re rt rs: 
(opy "Readers' 

Brandon "1m gojn~ a soc~ you in the nU1I" Katz. 
Mdnna 'Stained dre~s lewrnsky, "GIV(' rt to me' Oeepa 

Manohara 

Pamela 'Jackre Brown Office r~ulalor 
ain't got shrt on me" Fruge 

MrchaeI "Hot VoAleek' Ninja 
foo!ks 

Mike 'Wly cbesri anyone Sale-like advice 
ever lISten to mer dispennr 

MartJnu 

P.yched< ... hor~ 
Emilee "Kentucky IS gOIng to take rt air Schumel, Shira 

'I love He-man' Stanton 
Resident compultr ntrd 

True 'What did you do thrs trme?" XIong 
GUArdYn pimp 

N,u "I pull mad ho's' SIlva 
T1,,'UC7JCu II"'~ ... :r'tt4 n/SWl1d 
c ...... ot "",- '1.tl4J,~ .'d 1! ~12 ,,,,,... .. h;;! the 
fut) dv", ~ ~ r:ll .. ·! t1f 6nd '.:.r rte 
pt.",. pn, 1m W'd I...". .. , 01 lJC.50 Rt?>1"" >JI' ~ 1Y.,4 

~ !»'IA'" (II '''''''4W'~ ,.,Jl.!ter> !d~_~'!('() ;(>1'.1,-
...:.,~_:-""!>"'~~ 5.,,"&t>n,, >d bp..,..: 1'., C 5. figtt tJo-y_r~. """ .. ~ ,.,.. • • 
tArlJ '.~#->\ (.. if t:~>-tnxtK1D~(JJIfl ", 

;:.ons.t. II)t ~.JI 'iP.k t-I<d'~.-.d t:Jf f'\.! 'f;..e. r ... 
",s e'P'B~ ~"'~ do not r~WfJIy'~ Oro> 
1lP'("~ 01 ""IOlr I G )~., IYh Md,. "~d. ~d! 
Bu:l~J Wl.~" St'Ol(:I1 4t"Id T't-'1 ll..C btuI/o.",.. '11to"1 4ft' 
,.,61 fuels "'" uc.o Guado.. G IurI.led . If b!' porT'!> 
"l' OJI t/'<> ax;>I ~ ">am'S :t... a-_,*" QoOPf ... ~ 
~ bIou< ,"""', f'" l.....s tJ:.~..,..,I\ ,~~ .1Ol ,. 
yw ~ f'''' Lt-¥'l'Q/""" Joo\, )WI.' fold 't """>$1 

CAne .. 1 Edllor;'1 (8~) kE<T8EER 
News and re .. ", .. Don'1 all u<, we'll ull you 
Oponion. SportS PhOlQ (858) H4CAllSOME 

ONEWHOCAJIES 
Ii .. ,., (858,666·llll 

Advert.,ma Off .... (858) Sl~SlSl 
r.x (8~1 ~}~... I 

[·mad· chu<k . /IOtIIbloorg 

T1Je UCSD euordlon 
741 Evert,un Terrace 

Tijuana, Suico 9l091-0} 16 

Guardia II produ.;tioll: 
It .;all be a real paill! 

THE MAN'S DROPPIN' DIMES 
unday, March 23 

5 : ~1 a. m .: A small famIly of ratS nude 
their nell' home In the . GrOl'e Caffe. 
TbollSalld-7'01 {olol/_r alrrad] prrrml Iberr 7l'f1-
(07l1rd t/um 7l'lIb bagel mllllbs. 

6:21 p.m.: A 51-year-old malc Ilonaffiliatc 
was struck by a stray meteorite while prosel)'-
tlz.ing on LIbrary \ \ 'a lk. OJ]irrn wm bajJlrd as 
10 u!hy hr u'Or mmrd mto fI pillar of sail. 

Monday, Much 24 
3:28 p.m.: An I -year-old !""llie MlUJcnt 

chealed on hcr hlgh-~chool \\cethean after 
promlsrng they could make a long-dist.lnte 
rdJuon.,hlp \lork. Ilflll" "J.'bllill JIIIPI1'I' 

~:20 p.m.: ,\ sllllultaneous n,ckcr of n,c 
Irghlt.:r~ Jnd J giant doud of mJrrjuana slllokc 
was rl'portcd III John .\1ulr Collcge. '<"//IoJ.'r 
u'ud (L·OJd,/). 

Tue~dJ}" 'larch 25 
2:33 p.m.: i\ III-year-old male ,tudcnt 
re!(l~tcrcd for ,II) org.!f1IC chcllmtn COllr\C 
I fJI ~(j<ll", r('\'IIi/llrfi,; 1't'I'.IWIllIrI). 

3: 15 p.m.: Officer'> Jrn:\tcd ChJncelior 
Rohut <.. D~llc" for IIIIPt:NlI1.ltlllg ,] l '( . 
I're,>ldent . 'til l Iii psyrbalogrr,rI -'<'I,'lffJ fU,. 
II"III//1flll of ddllJIOIIJ alW'I//(irlll: 

7:56 p.m.: \ (i' -vc'lr-old liLlie nonJftlll-
dte III oln'c green 1II1111dl)' drc .. ~ Jnd a Idunt" 
hl.1ck heret \\~~ (lund on LlhLlr,' \\'all.. III 
pO .... C .. 'ltlfl of IVCJpom of 11l,"'S d~strIlCll{)n . 
Su.prltfinrd SIOII IIlIti Jml Oil b,-, iI'ily 

Wedne~d3y, March 26 
II :05 a.m. : An I H-\,ear old frcshm,lIl 

lIulc rushed for J l 'CSn' fratcrl1lt\ III Pntc 
CCllIcr Pla,a I.Q." "251) po fJII~rta-. 1f·II 
I "/,r<l , 11II1l1 nrJ!,lIIlf') 

12:35 p.m.: Regents Lot shuttle ran over 
Ihree Preuss chool sludentS, a Sixth College 
freshm.rn and a vice chancellor. JII.<I allolber 
dfly /1/ I!lr 'hood. 

Thursday, March 27 
3: 58 a.m .: Officers detained GUflrdllJII 

\"cb board posler J orah for slalking J 
GUard,all associale opinion editor. OfficrlT rtc-
07l11111"IId all Wcb /rOil I'd pOJ7fn gel II f/lCJ.:III,~ IIji·. 

3:33 p.m .: OffIcer, ,ci/ed "x crates of 
chdd pornography at the " ,JIIIIl office 
Pi'll/opal mr11lbrn of Ko.11.1 trolll.l/l/IINd la 
,1Ianllt' Rrtnlllrrrg f),'pOI. l'al7lo,~,."pblf //I,lftTl 
{II dtllt'errd 10 (,b.lllcdlur" Clllllpin 
f riday, larch 28 

11 :22 a. m.: ,\ 22-year-old fcll1.lic filth -
year 'ludent \I J\ ,lrIl"ICd III Ihe Lller.HIII c 
hudd",!: for le\ld Jnd b.,cl\loll\ l'ondul'l \I IIh 
J UC'iD profc."ur . . ";111"('11/ "'11' fI/"'//('d/rolll 
I.':CSD IIlId Iruwpmud 10 (0/1111)' jllli. Of/1m I 
b/~1r jit'rtl proj" .flur IlIId .\'('11/ bllll b,IIk IU "t'lIl~ " 
III~) IIl1d IIl1drr,I/'lJ/r, III/t'd ~.'II/II', 

9:56 p.m.: ( ttl'/rlnll" Rr,/('J' 'l,lfkr, ,ulkl 
cOI1l·td"I()Il' ,alter helllg C\po,ed to ,unlt~llI . 
Ofji(l'/'I du<'r ;;'(mdf'lf rlllk ... /llIu r",/)' ;..1'11" /If/-
JOII.' lo/iunlr "'f Job. 

alUrday, March 29 
12:36 a.m.: Ort\u:r, Ic'pnnded (() !IIl·lce 

In the old Studcnt Ccntcr, \\hlth reportcdl} 
was ~t.lrtcd h) J p'II.1 dclnclI' UWI \\ h .. IL" 
Jilgry mer .1 'l11all lip. Ot}iw, "lOk('" 011 il'''''t' 
ddll 'C/)' 1IIi/1I IIlId /lorl(' IN< /",,1 l/rt' tI.lp 011/ or 1"1' 
.,be",), ",HI,,,d. 

'olllpiled by Delecli\'e John Kimble 
/'11/ II , up, }ulI ,d,OI' 

A.S.S. GRABBERS AT A GLANCE 
,\Iecti ng #987 

Reports 
'\1uir Coll ege pipS<J ucek Jerem Cogan 

CogJIl reported th.1t he wa, <lllLe .I/lJIn 
PJssed mcr In Iuckb,11I at tht Pre,,.... Sd1001, 

,Inti Illolloneti to p,,,., Jllotha \\(llthle.,., re,o 
IUlion .1!(Jlmt It ,\1011011 dCllIcd hCl',IU\C 
"\Ve\t \\-rn!(" W,!, to heg-1Il1I1 lin; 1I111ll1lc, 

\leellng JdlOIif ned 

- Compiled b !\li I-I eischer 
I'm/r"lol/,,1 1./111 

LIST 0' FOOLS 
George 5 e.nbrt:nner 
Warren adVISing. 

Wcsc baSICally 
v 'ry hlng rda ed 

a Warren eolipge 
Georg W Bush 
Saddam Hussein 
Gle ch n Hills 

Cathenne Alglefl 
Paul Taglldbue 
Phil NCVln 
John Bu It:r 
Clear Chanl1t:1 
Phd Pilultsol 
Costa Vt'rde 
Rober Kno~ 

UCOP 
The UC Regents 
Redeem 'r Clms Ian 

fellowship ChurCh 
MillC Lunana 
Barn Ashlapima 
Dylan Oobysl 
Ben T H, Chert 

MONDAY, APRIL I , Z003 

Liar: Troupes lies, bitches catching up to him 
conr lllllec1 fTUIII l){l~e /) r 

and dirty nflcr I tell them I IIlncked 
on chicks with Mi l c~ for years." 

Da\'IS is qllotcd throughout 
"Allies and '\ Ie." hut Troupe main-
t,lim that he "made .111 that ~h it up." 

"Whcn II calllc down to fi ll ing 
in the lillote~ for Miles, I ju~t took 
,ome hlt~ off my 4-footer," Troupe 
said. "Then I }USl imagined my cat 
Snuggles was Mil es and I'd ask him 
questions. I know he's just a ca t and 
can't talk, but I knew damn we ll 
what Snugglcs was thi nki ng every 
rimc I askcd him somethi ng, so I 
just used that." 

Students were shocked to diS-
cover Troupe's confes ion. Ea rl 
Warren College senior and self-
descri bed "sa I ty h mch" Vick i 
Korniski said she slept wi th Troupe 
on numerou~ occasions. 

" t first I just slept with him 
because I needed an ,It said 
Korniski, who had taken Lit 

Writing 102 : Poetry. "But when I 
found out he knew Miles Davl~, 1 
knew my chance to become famo us 
was ju 1,1 few faked orgasms away. I 

" I met this chick at this 
party the othe-!-night, She 
was all up on my jock. 

She begged me so much I 
finally hit that shit ." 

- Jon Rivers, Revelle College 
freshman and another liar 

mean, what if Miles camc over to 
Quincy'S house and I just sta rted 
singing and he was like 'damn, Ihat 
bitch can si ng.' Then maybe I 

could start sleeping with him 
instead of thaI liar Quincy." 

' Iroupe aciUlowledges that his 
CCln~I,lI1t name dropping may h,we 
won over the re pect of student~ in 
Ihe classroom, but that ~tudcnts 
~hould considcr his other accom-
plishments. 

"Oh wait, I don'l have a bache 
lor~ degree. Nuts." 

\Vhen asked what other accom-
plishments he had made, Troupe 
said, "Uh, honestly ... I'll have to 
get b~ck to YOIl on Iha t. dog. I ain't 
sure what's real no more - know 
what I'm sayi n'?" 

' Ie lephone ca lis to Troupe's 
"Malibu Man ion" were an we red 
by Troupe pokesperson Old Man 
l laggerty, who immediately denied 
any knowledge of knowing lroupe. 

"I don't know no Quincy 
lroupe," the crolchety old bastard 
sa Id. "Don't ca ll me no more, I'm 
trying to nap before Judge Mathis." 

Spots: Drive your ass from TJ, bitch 
w nrrnucd fTOIll pa~c D I 

CaIPIR(; really hit the luil on the 
proverbIal hea;1 \\ ith this one. The 
,HlminlMration mil lend any sup-
port that It can to alPIRG (() aid 
thelll !11 thi~ endeavor." 

The initial phase, of Ihc plan 
would work to pre\erve all of the 
current" "SPOIS on campu~. From 
there, CalPIRG would work on 
gcrung student, to pledge money 
to fund the COSt of three addiuonal 
"5" parking tructures. 

"I think that the pledge sy tern 
IS tncd and truc," said C D 
CalPIRC Campus Organi7cr 
K.n'>tcn K.aIlJ\ter. "It is going ltJ 
take a lot of hard work to gener-
ate the pledge money ncce\sary 

for building Ihree parking struc-
t ure~, hut I thi nk that we can do 
it. If thcre It onc thing that we are 
med tn, it's the pledge. nd, if I 
say so my>clf, wc're damn good at 
It. " 

The adtliliOnal parking struc-
tures, whIch would each hold 
Jhout 1,000 cars, would be located 
in UniversIty City, Il ilicrest and 
Tijuana. While the flr>1 two loca-
tions could urili7e city buses or 
campu ,hun Ie , organiz.er~ admit 
IhJt the Tiluana location would 
require a substanttJI commute. 
Plans are to extend UCSD 

ltyShuttle to Tijuana hy the 
tlllle a structure could be con-
~tructed. 

"I know Ihat it's a lot of extra 
miles to put on your car just to 
tlrive, but what price can you really 
put on av~ilable parking?" Bigson 
said. "Maybe the added miles will 
convince SUV driver to actually 
trade their cars 111 for electric cars, 
or at least hybnds." 

The timeline for the completion 
of the new strllcnares calls for the 
UniverSIty City and I lillcrest struc-
tures to be compleled by 2006 and 
Ihe Tijuana rrllcturc to he finished 
by 2007. 

Any donations for the comple-
tion of the structure can be taken 
10 the CalPIRG offices. located on 
the second noor of the nadent 
Center. 

PROPAGANDA m 

/ Computer Repair 

a division of 
Academic 
Computing 

Services 

Computer and printer repair for 
UCSD fac,ulty, staff and students 

On site service 
Two Convenient Drop off Sites: 

Room 1412 AP&M 
UCSD Bookstore Computer Center 

On-camp'us location: Room 1412 APM 
WebSite: http://techserv.ucsd.edu 

Email: techserv@ucsd.edu 
Phone: (858)534-4057 

At least these advertisements are keepin' it real. 

IUE, APR 1 
5,8& 11pm 

THU, APR 3 
7pm& 10pm SATISH 

"See it aga;n" Saturday 
SAT, APR 5 e I,m 

FRI, APR 4 • 12pm 
Student Center HUMP 

9-BALL 
FRI, APR 4 • 4pm 

$5ENTRYAE 

I > ,.t 

• PC Expansion Vote 
• A.S, Vote 
• Spring Events Poster 
• Who gets DISMISSED? 



OOPS 

So 
you 

want 
to 

get 

Hung Uke a Horse 
New Guardian columnist Bobby 
Dynes reftects on the vagaries of 

campus politics and tells why all he 
really wants is an ice cream cone. 

MONDAY 
APRIL 1, 2003 

page D12 04 

Kids bring unexpected benefits 
to female college students 

8y JACK MEHOFF 
Pan-Hellenic Stud 

In today's politically correct 
society, it's practically taken for 
granted that when college students 
want to get it on, they'll have safe 
sex. Chicks make their unfortu-
nate sex parmers wear fuckskins 
for a variety of reasons, one of 
which is of cour e sexually trans-
mitted disease. But let' face it -
UCSD guys don't get laid enough 
to have caught anything, so you're 
probably safe on that count. On 
the other hand, preg-
nancy is a very real 

lots of smart students will tutor 
you. 

Sure, kids are pretty annoying 
for the first year, but once you've 
had them, your parents will either 
fork over heaps of cash to support 
you and the rugratS, or they'll di -
own you and you can get welfare 
and financial aid galore. By the 
time the kids are walking, they can 
easily be taught to perform many 
household duties you just don 't 
want to be bothered with, like 
scrubbing toilets, mopping floors 
and fetching the beer bong from 

the back of the closet. 
Finally, getting 

po sibility for women 
engaging in unpro-
tected sex, and college 
women are terrified of 
getting pregnant. But 
ladies, don't ignore the 
many advantages of 

PRO 
pregnant in college is a 
great opportunity for 
blackmail and publicity. 
Hint that the baby 
you're ca rrying was 
fathered by a promi-

having a baby in col-
lege. 

Fir t of all, being pregnant gets 
you a lot of sympathy. If you fail 
your midterms, you can point to 
your distended belly and claim that 
you were too busy calling Ralph on 
the big wlute phone to tudy mole-
cular generics. Your grades will sl')'-
rocket with minimum extra effort 
on your part. 

Second, students with children 
get to live in the Mesa apartments 
on the east side of campus. They're 
right across the street from Papa 
Johns! \Ve're talking five-nlinute 
delivery max, which will mak.e you 
the most popular host of study 
nights on campu and guarantee 

nent member of 
UCSO's faculty or 

administration, and you've got a fat 
check in the mail. 

So to all the fine women of 
UCSO with whom I'd like to have 
unprotected sex, before you break 
out the Trojans and ruin 3n other-
wise excellent exual encounter I 
can tell all my friend about, con-
ider the positive aspects about 

being pregnant and becoming a 
mommy while still trying to pass 
those international relations class-
es. Stop having those wasteful and 
morally reprehensible abortions 
like the comm major do and take 
the plunge: You won't regret it.Ju t 
don't come whining to me about 
child suppOrt. 

Babies are little shit factories 
and should be avoided 

By LOLA GRANOLA 
Female-stuff ActIVIst 

There are those who would 
encourage young, acti e, talented 
wom}'n like myself to hunker down 
and accept our god-given roles as 
smllmg mother of adorable babies, 
perhap; a!> early a5 dUring our col-
lege years. Thl~ I bullshll. 

Okay, fine, bablcs are cute - If 
you plug your nose and Ignore the 
gallons of half-digested milk they 
spew forth el'ery ten minutes like 
Old Faithful on crack. There's 
nothmg cute ahout losmg Bebe 
Jeans and Guess' weaters by the 
dozen LO puke and 
poop. 

into chicks who need a bahy Slttcr 
every time they want to get I;id In J 
mOI'ie theater. 

bliou Iy the solution to thiS 
hornbly lik~ly pre(hCalllem I ~ to 
forCibly lIleCilC3tC thc womyn of 

CSD, gi l~ng them birth control 
with their morl1lng latte~ ~o thJI 
none of u have til worr)' again 
about bCll1g ch.lined to a 'l'fe.ll1l1ng 
parasitic fellh, infant, or toddler. 
1·.xpert5 at Student Ileal th Ser.lce, 
~ay that such an ul1llcrtaklllg could 
be costly nd hll1dll1g the proJcct 
could he problematlc, but the 
money the unlvcrslty lI'ould save on 
day ca re should conlflbutc a 

hea lthy Jll10unt of 
money 10 this ncces ·ary 

But the detrimental 
effects of having chil-
dren, espeCially whcn 
they arc l>orn while the 
poor, exploited mother 
I!> !>Lill in college, arc 
numerous and ca nnot 

(ON project. Let~ mke thc romance OUl of chlld-hirth and child rearing and keep III Inlnd [hat 
It!> main purpose I~ to 

be Ignored. 
Enlightened femllll!>t; like 

myself know that exploring one', 
sexual freedom is crucia l to a 
womyn' college cxperien e. Thi !> 
process would be severely ham-
pered by pregnancy and child rear-
mg responslbiliue . Few men are 
attracted to pregnant women, fear-
mg as they do the potent Image "f 
femal e fertility and power. Thi~ 
would IUnlt the number of anony 
mou ex partner With whom we 
can reaffirm our worth a human 
belllg . And guys are imply nOt 

propa ga te the peu cs. 
Why should we gifted. 

prollll,mg, wealthy fcmil1lsb be,lr 
that burden when our hardy Sis ter, 
m the Third \Vorl<l - who hal'e 
nothmg better to do than pop out 
shit factories all day - arc already 
haVing twelvc or thirteen children a 
pop' 

It' lime to put m end to the 
patriarchal SYMem thaI keep' 
womyn cn~IJvcd by their hormonal 
cycle, CrIppled hy huge wal,tlllle., 
and oed to slohberlng ubhulllam 
or decades. WOI1l)'n of UC D, 

ul1lte! The revolution i at hand. 

MONDAY, APRIL 1,200) THE UCSD DISRE-GUARDIAN FEATURES·SCHMEATURES 05 

Extra cash equals 
living large anti lazy What do you do when you aren't studying? 

By DAVID SIIYEIMAN 
Staff Writer 

With recent increases in tuition 
and gas prices skyrocketing, stu-
dents are finding themselves in 
serious need of cash. Some may 
take the "normal" approach to this 
situation by obtaining part-time 
employment or cutting down on 
spending, but in reality the majori -
ty of the 5ttldent population is too 
greedy and lazy for such a solution. 
If you find yourself faced with this 
dilemma, here are a few sugges-
tions for maintaining your pam-
pered lifestyle with limited work. 

One way to cut back on spend-
ing while still getting all the things 
you want is to use the handy "five-
finger di count." ure tllis method 
requircs the dismis al of moral 
objections, ollle amount of 
stealthy action and a ton of 
courage, but it can rcap huge 
rewards when well executed. 

"I've found the key is wearing 
big pants and a jacket. Then it's just 
a matter of stuffing 3S much down 
your pants a you ca n fit," aid 
Thurgood 1arshall ophomore 
J ,Ick Andcr~on . " I made it our of 
the store wi th eigh t boul es of 
vodka one time while pretending I 
was talking on my cell phone as I 
walked out. vVorkcd like a charm." 

For the professional thief, there 
are few things that cannot be 
obtained thi way. Wi til practice, 
anything from clothes to groceries 
can be your for nothing. However, 
for the more tricky goods like 
movie tickets and restaurant food, 
raising actual cash is necessary. 

Luckily, college students have 
the plentiful re ource of their own 
bodies to hock for spending money. 

Rather than spending all their 
spare time at a boring minimum 
wage job, prostitution allows stu-
dents to set their own hours and 
work right from their own home. 
Isn't college about finding a job 
that pays you to do what you love' 
Herc's a job that pays you to have 
sex, the national pastime of collcge 
students. While this may require 
some initial capital for things like 
slu tty outfits and condoms, if had 
been paying attention to the previ-
ous paragraphs, you would know 
that this is not a problem. 

Interviews by Amanda Hugginkiss, photos by Lila Buff 

For Caroline Davis, an Eleanor 
Roosevelt freshman, being a street-
walker has proved much more 
profitable than her last job at Hot 
Dog on a Stick at University lawn 
Center. 

"I used to spcnd my whole 
weekend deep frying corn dogs at 
the mall ," she said. "But after my 
friend told me how much money 
she was making selling her elf on 
the side, my distaste for being a 
whore disappeared . ow I just 
work a couple nights a week and I 
get to meet lots of new people." 

Growing your own marijuana 
will not only keep you from having 
to waste rime and money buying 
weed somewhere around town, but 
it ,viII al 0 be an exciting gardcmng 
activity. For student living on 
campus. the wardrobe closets pro-
vided by thc university provide an 
excellent growing space. These can 
be shut to hide the plants and are 
often lockable. Though it takes 
ome rime to harvest your crop, 

once you do, you have the option of 
selling some of the extra pot. This 
will make you lots of friends among 
your neighbors and line your pock-
ets wi th cash. 

"'[ volunteer with 
CaIPIRG. Pestering 
people to pledge on 

Library Walk is going 
to save our nation' 

forests." 

John Muir, 
Tree-ttuaer 

"Shopping!" 

Eleanor Roosevelt, 
Head Cheerteader 

"I pick up bitches 
every day. ometime 

I even take their 
lucky a home. Then 
when [ get off work, 
I'm ready to tear that 
shit up. [ never really 

do, but [ could!" 
Thurgood Marshall, 

Shuttle Driver 

"[ pull ho's like 
nobody knows. I 

take 'em back to my 
place, put on a little 
Count Basie and we 

hang the jury all 
night long." 

Earl Warren, 
Playa 

"[ like going to the 
beach, copmg out 

chick. Anything to 
get my mind off my 

O-Chem." 

Roger Revelle. 
Beach Bum 

"['m sort of going 
through an identity 
cri 'i , 0 my hobbie 
chan e all the time." 

Name Withheld Upon 
Request 

Sixth College Icon 

room selection 2003 is april 17 

For more infonnation, call or visit your Residential Life Office. 

Revelle College ... 
John Muir College. 
Thurgood Marshall College. 
Earl Warren College .......... . ......... . 
Eleanor Roosevelt College .... .... ... ... . 

. 534-3025 

.534-4200 
.. 534-4340 

..... 534-4581 

. ... _ 534-2261 
Sixth College .................. . ......................... 822-5268 
International House ........... . ..... ..................... 534-2261 

Or visit us on the web: housing,ucsd.edu 



()6 NEWS 

Special rebate offer: 
1 

Last Chance! 
Enroll now 

and get 
$100 back! 

Receive $100 back through Kaplan 's Rebate** when you 
enroll in an LSAT, MeAT, GMAT, GRE, OAT or TOEfl * 

classroom course between March 1st - March 31st, 

Call or visit us online for more information or to enroll. 

I _ 

1-800-KAP-TEST 
kaptest.com/ testdrive 

•
- ' 

11" J 

No foolin'- the ads on th is page ARE the REAL DEAL! 

ii, 
a" ~DciatUtn 

SPECIAL ADVANCE SCREENING! 

In Theaters April." 

UNIVERSITY OF 
CALIFORNIA -
SAN DIEGO 
Mandeville 
Auditorium 

7:00pm Wednesday 
April 2, 2003 

FREE ADMISSION 
while passes last* 

'Students may pick up 
complimentary passes in the 
UCSD Box Office on 4/1/03 at 
noon_ 

UCSD ",-,-' IV 
lw.no.._ 

Arrive Early! Seating is first come, first served! 

MONIlAY, APRIL I , 2001 

PMS: Men learn what its 
like to be men from real men 

,ctlntinlleJ,[mm /J<lgc [) I 
m one ~ mouth. 

" \Nc wanted to incorpora t c all 
the imponanr aspccts of bcing a 
man in a male-dominatcd SOCICty," 
said cconomics professor J eremy 
Rosemtcin, who wi ll teach a course 
tided "mowing your money in 
Vegas: An Amencan Tradition ." 

'" ;Iting meat, dropping bombs, 
making fart joke - thesc are cru-
cia l to being male and have su bse-
quently been e nshr ined in 
America n pop culture." 

T he major wi ll consist of the 
lower-division course scquence and 
14 upper-di\~sion courses. 

P.\ 1 departm ent offi ials say 
that there has been an overwh elm-
ing response to the new m ajor. 
O\'er 100 undergraduates have 
alrcadr applied 10 changc majors. 

"I jw,t want to leJrn how to be a 
man," smd Revelle Collc~e junior 
Chubs Alll.iri. " l'\'e found the frater-
runes to he mostly about ma,turiJa -
Lion and date rape, but where arc tlle 
other manly thlllgli I'm upposed to 

learn~ H 'here can I learn about dri-
ving a stagecoach and pistol-whip -
ping? Please, somebody hold me." 

ndergr.lduates in the malor 
Will also be invited 10 partake in the 
PMS lecturc series, ",Iuch will 
include biographlc.11 and autobio-
graphical addresses regarding great 
patri.lrchal men such as U ... 
Gencral George Patton; actor, 
John \\'arne, JlTllmy KlTnmel and 
Charles Oronson: and baseba ll stars 

Nolan Ryan 
A real man IS seen here kicking the pISS 

out of Robin ·I'm a bitch" Ventura. 

Nola n Rya n ;lI1 d Randy Joh mon. 
"Those arc some ft;c king rnen." 

said prospective PM . m ajor Jack 
O'Connor. " I'm sick and tired of 
teachers tell ing me that guys Itkc 
'r lones t Abc' were Ihe type o f men 
\\'ho built tillS count ry. Bull shll! 
Jmt look at hiS narnc - ' /lolle" 
Ahc.' Everyone knuws m cn arc 
suppo ed to lie their .15' off In place 
of doing work." 

Some CS D commu nity mClll -
ber, arc ,kcptical ahout the nell 
malOr. ' Ir":I" Felcher of the 
\ \ 'omen's Center expre"cd c()nccrn 
over the championIng of ,hall\~llbnl 
and farting III .m a aticllIic settlllg. 

"'s tim a jokc?" Felchcr ,ald. 
"No. rea lly, is t hi~ a fllcking I()kc)~ 
\ \'c cJn't cope wilh P.\ IS Oil tim 
campm' Anyone III P.\ IS ~hould he 
slapped because they arc out of 
linel \ Ve nced to stop P.\ IS IltllllC -
diately, It will ,ust !c.ltI to more 
women's uffrage, which h.I' al~o 
plagucd our society"" of !.ne." 

Beer: Watson give in: 
entire campus get wa ted 

wnll"ucJ jwm I"-'i:~ n I 
Itfc ., 

\ \ 'JNln had been a Icadlllg catl-
thdate for sCI'crJI ch.lIlccllnr POSI-
tlOt" at ICJdlng llnll'cr"tle, utltll 
"'Hlc'prcad Crl llci ,lll on:r hiS 
11l1"()II"ClllCIll III Ihe alleged cCIl,or-
,hip (If n" Klildo last )e,H hurt hIS 
.. tJtus. It \l'as comlllg to gnp~ With 
Ihls th;1l led \\ ',llson to puhhcl) 
cOllie nut III favor of heer gardens 
on CJllIp''''. 

"r \\J~ lu,t tl'}lllg to plw thclr 

" 

he rea lt zcd [hat wc .Ire adult, .Illd 
II e CJn make our ()II n dCC"lOllS," 
sdld t\ .!> . Commissioner of _\thlclIc 
Aff.lir, Roblll Sheltoll " Bcer l!.lr-
dcn, arc .1 gre.!t Ihll1~ to gct p.:;)plc 
to galnc Jnd gctthcllI In thc mood 
to roOl fllr UCSD. I ha,'c nc'er 
undcf',[()od 1\ Var.son\j Opp<hluon 
to thel1l . I'm gl.,tI th.1I hc I, fin.llI) 
un OUI "dt: \1ayht: tim " the llilll-
Illg pOint In 'llI<icllI , upp0rt lor 
lieS!) Jthlctlc,. I'm 'cr) C\CllCd 
'Ihout wllilt thc po"lhilllle, of hcel 

can hnn~ 11\." C"JInC and do II hal I 
IlJll to do 10 ge t 
.lheJd," \\'atson 
saId. "\\ 11cn I rcal-
IIcd that Ibcc()lIl1ng 
~ chancellorj wasn't 
gOIng to happen, , 
dewled that , 
would ,un thlllk-
IIlg of the sludcllts. 
Thc cmin hc 
I"'mncd, I Jnl no" 
dctcrllllncd to 1il!ln 
lor the \ludem... , 
ha\'c J(;ccptcd Ill} 
rolc, Jud Will hL Ihl' 

1 can't believe that 
I'm octually going to 
say this, but I love 
Joe Watson. Beer 
me big Joe, Joe!" 

,\.S . Prc,ldcnl 
Jenn Ilro\\11 al,o 
spoke out JhoUI 
the I"ue, alth<Hlgh 
nOI dlrcctly I.Kk-
ling the I"UC of 
whcther hccr 
,hould hc .llIowed 
on L.llllpU,. 

'" ;l1l1111 bvorof 
thme hCl'r garden 
Ihlll!:, ,I, long- a .. 
they elllploy a 
dllcr'oc 'LIlT of bc<:r 

- Alec Cela, dumbfounded 
Marshall junior 

student' ehJmplon III thc struggle 
lor J'I!!hts on J collc)!c camplls. 
'IiJdJ) 11 " beer gardens, lO111orru" 
It is thc nghtlO /(rOl, alltl .,cil 'llled-
i(a! m.lrtl"Jna Olll of their donn 
roOlllS ... 

The re' ersJI has drawn cnll-
tl .. 111 fr"l11 ,,:lcl.d othcr L'CSJ) 

atllllll1,,".ltor~, In ludlng 
ChJuu:llor Rohert C. f)ync~ . 

'" lIl115t ,ay that , am (hloap-
pOIntcd III Joe lor taklllg such 3 
,tance," Dyne, ~2Id. "I mean, If we 
let ,tudem dnnk at ~ocla l cyenlS, 
then whal i, next) Shou ld we let 
thelll IU t Strip down and tart 
cngagmg In Il1tercourse 3, we ll ? I 
thmk nol." 

Studcnts, on the other hand, 
hd\"c ~h()wn nutlllng but support 
for Wau,OI1'; new lotanc!! Oil beer. 

" I thmk that II', about li me tha t 

,en'c r,," Br!)" 11 
s.lId In a .\IJrch lH ,t.!lCmcnl 
"Thcre .. hould be .It Ica,t till ec 
1llill0nllCs, t"o peoplc of .1 ,c.\uJI 
Oncnt.llIon olher dUll 'trJlght, .Ind 
four ll11dgcl'> nlllnln!: thc garden, 
1lIlllllllllm. Oth"r\\I'''. I dUll'! thlllk 
Ih.lt they would bellefil Ihe LJllll'lI' 
at :111. I will nOI rc,t !lnul tim ... 
\Fdllor; llotC. ,he IUS! kcpt h,lh -
hlmg.!,' 

\Vat,oll p rom"cd th:1t hecr g.lr-
dem would he avai lahle at Sun 
Cod, ir not ;ooncr. 

" I pr ollmc t hc "udcllls 01 
uest) that they wi ll hc • hie to 
tl rlnk until they pukc :11 Sun (;od," 
\,va tson ald . ''1' 11 try to get a few 
ga rde ns carhe r, but th ere', no 
tel lt ng how lIIuch il wtli t .lke to 
COIl Vlllce D ynes tn chan g' 1m 
mind. A guy plays hocke for a few 
yca r; and thinks hc'; (jod .. " 

Single Asl<ln male seeks 1oYeIy, polite, domestIC woman for mar-
riage, childreaflng, housecleamng end freakin' nasty sex In a Vegas 

hotel room. No smokers. 
editor@ucsdguordion.or9 

MONDAY, APR IL 1,2003 

OK [E! 
The Right Man: The Surprise 
Presidency of George W_ Bush 
by David Fmm $25 
Contract With America by Newt 
Gillgrich $21 
Dutch, A Memoir of Ronald 
Reagan by Edmund Morris $35 
The Way Things Ought to Be by 
Rusll Lill/baugh, pb, $15 
Mission Compromised by Oliver 
Nortll, $40 
Jesse Helms collected essays, $20 

Ilpril1st o11ly! · 
eGrOUndWOOk-BO,kS 

COllECTIVE 
. ill the Studellt Ce//ter 

EVENTS 

U(5D-TV Will broadea>! a special program thiS 
5alwday, Apfll 5th, at 8 p.m. en tilled ' I'm a 
Schnau .. r, Gel Me Out of Hele: whICh was 
fIlmed allhe UCSD School of MedICine (4/1) 

Week One: Vaflous AsSOCiated 5tudent groups 
Will be on Library Walk serving some kind of 
meal and plain whrte rice on a Kleene.-thin 
paper plale. It's worth the S5 and 20-mlnute 
wart! (4/1) 

WIN A fORD! The Morena NlSsan FOld dealer· 
shIp woIl be gIVing away a 2003 Ford XL pICkup 
al the PJlce Cenler Thursday. The firsl regIStered 
studenl to Ihrow a Dlsre-Guardlan frisbee InlO 
Jamba JUICe from the Price Cenler ralhng WIll 
Win Ihe tr uck. Good luck! (4/1) 

ANNOUNCEM E N TS 

Corrtdion: In the -TOommate 'Aclnled- ad that 
ran on 3/13, the Disre Guardian typist Inadver-
lently typed t~e phlase "dean and euy go.ng 
guy" In describing Ihe roommate seeker Thai 
should have read "Dean. lake II easy or I'm 
gOing 10 get my guys" (4/1) 

Civil Disobedience at UCSO! ~lCe ChanceliDi 
Warson has aulhoJlled all UNDERgraduales 10 
kICk Ihe chall dlleC1ly In front of them al exact 
IV 1004 am thiS Tuesday (4/1) 

I EMPLOYMENT 

Woody's Rock Yard ,n La Jolla needs dod break· 
ers. wheelbarrow lechs, and people 10 walCh 
for cars. Call woody at 555·2101 loday for an 
interview Send electronl( ,esum~; Serious only, 
plea,e wwwwoodyrock.com (4/1) 

The Freedom Gourmel In La Jolla need, a chef 
10 prepare freedom loast and many other free 
dam pastil.. (.11 555-5059 or dlop by our 
stale. 2100 La Jolla Blvd and ask for Jack, for 
merty known as Jacques (4/1) 

Gools Gone Mild video! Subjects (girls age 18 
25) need~d who ar ",lIlng to loosen Ihell hall 
nels fOI a SIII"g of plastIC beads Video hosted 
by Gary Coleman of TVs Different Stroke, If 
Inlerested please send lener and recent pholo 

TI IE UCSD DISRE·GUARDIAN 

The UCSD DrsreGuordron reserves the nghl 10 dasslfy, edl~ d lele offenSive words and 
phrases, and wh"" Mongo fo'gel where paste key Oh no, where II go1 
NOOOOO ell" Mongo need help. Only remember that .1 nO! D,sfe·Guard,an fauh 
when bUSiness man nOI keep INOrd "you nol read ad. paper pnnl m,stake and Mongo gel 
blame. You can use 'em credit card. but Mongo not \.now how Me gel Shlla 
If you send lelt r, mall box by where choo-dloo go Mongo hke Glndygram. 
Whew Ihere paste key Please send all correspondence ,ecardine Classifieds to 
the UCSD Disre-Guardian, Attn: MONGO, 9500 Gilman Drive 11011 Ii, ta Jolla, CA 
91091. Adualloc.otion: Ple .. e see Woody the box. 

In a pantsuil to GGM, PO Box 74747, Boston, MA 
02102. (4/1) 

I found my 
job in the 
Disre-
Guardian. 

\ 
GLW~tlAN CLASSIFIEDS 
Camp Kow-<h.-tater. 5ummer camp for non 
partICIpanl5 In Vermont We need Oneaors and 
InslruC10rs good al sitting around and paSSively 
walChlng·videos of people plaYing tennis, golf, 
gymnasllcs, swimmIng. watelSkung. salhng. learn 
sports, cheedeading. ropes, camping/nalure, 
drama, ceramits, photography, videography, 
SlllIsereen, batik, printmaking. sculplure, calligra· 
phy, gunar, jewelry, piano, aerobiCS, martial arts, 
baking. Must be able 10 m~ke popcorn In a 
m.oowave Call 8()()'555·22 12. (4/t) 

Combal Experience? The Rlghler Group of 
Un>versrty City seeks students Wllh gang e'pen· 
ence. drug dealing hIStory and serKlus anger 

issues. Qualified applicants will be well com· 
pensated and awarded exciting pos~ions over· 
seas. Call800·555-RIGHT. (4/1) 

FOR RENT 

Spadous Ireadmill 5 min. from campus, next 10 
Vons, shunles Water, plastIC l'ngling ball, nutro' 
tlonal pellets, 'ihavmgs, workout area, mirror, 
subScription to Burrow Meditations. Roommate 
needed Willing 10 share With very large hamster 
S500/mo Call 858.555.7800. (4/1) 

ROOMMATES 

4 cats, 3 la rge dogs lIVe WIth me In my cozy UTe 
stud,o. We seek a non-allergIC UCSD sludenl to 
share our lovely home. Rent IS free In exchange 
for pet care, vet Iransport, light cooking. gener· 
al house maintenance, llee lrommlng. pooper 
scooper dury, denrure servoce and cerrain other 
tasks as IheV come to me. Call Oee at 555-
3466. (4/1) 

FOR SALE 

Firsl pMtlng. Stephen Hawkin,s "How to 
Dump Your Wife for Your Nurse: a ·how 
to· book for those needing 10 move on. Helpful 
phrases for your programmable vocabulary box 
Indude "the heart wants what rt wants· and 

Free In & Out Burgers 
Draft begins for college students in April 

Scripps pier collapse investigated 

Land dolphin cited at Warren 

Iraq surrenders 

Classified LI N E 
AD Rates 

Siudents: Sl and fallin, 
Underpaid cogs U per year 

Resl 0' world: Sl per hour 
Mongo want money filsi. You want 
use 'em creeht card? Me get Shlla 

Classified DISPLAY 
AD Rates 

Ten bucks per diem 

Ad gel In neNSpaper and mag.c p. ure box 
IMI called Inlernet 

·I'm gOing through a selfish phase.· Send 
130 and SASE to DUMP, p.o. box 70989, Ft 
Lee, NJ 07024. (4/1) 

WANTED 

The U(SD Eyeblink Study IS stili gOIng strong 
after 42 yearsl We need Caucasian h'Jman 
sub,ects agam, after poking dogs In Ihe eye 
Ihe last few years GIll Mr Slell at 555· 
0808 TruSI us, n is safe. (4/1) 

Accressive women study. Only 3:.b of 
UCSO women don't know that 'no' means 
-NOI!~ compared to of UCSD men. The 
Orsre'Guard,an sex edilor would Ioke to 
schedule private interviews for potential 
behilVlOr modiflC.ltion trials beginning In May 
please call x46580. All calls confidential. (4/1) 

Volunteers paid 530 for an interview If you 
speak Chinese, Japanese, or Korean, then 
we wouldn't be able to understand you 
because we only speak English. ,What good 
would thaI do 1 (4/1) 

Sharp stICks needed by the UCSD Eyeblink 
Study. If you have them, please call 555-
OBOB, ask for Mr. Szell. (4/1) 

CLAS IFIED. D7 

SERVICES 
New Years Resolution? Lisa 1051 25 Ibs ;n 1 
month! She Ihrew out her zone diet, self help 
and chICken soup books. Why don't you do the 
same? (4/1) 

What's keeping you from getting the job of 
your dreams! A wlnnleg resume. that's what! 
Award-winning poet laureate Md creative fic-
tion writer wllllallar your resume for Ihe mar-
ketplace and guarantees results! Quincy's 
Resumes! 555-0909 or talltale.org! (4/1) 

LOST" FOUND 

I lost 'liberace; my blind Chihuahua, near the 
Hillcrest shurtle stop. I would love 10 have him 
back, but I Ihlnk he was captured and enlisted 
10 be the head secUJlty guard at the MedICal 
Cenler. Please call F,r, at 555·2300 (4/1) 

PERSONALS 

FYI: Th is is the Disre-Guardian Classified 
page, our trad itional April Fool's edition. 
The smaller ClaSSified display ads are for fun; 
however. Ihe larger ads on the bottom of 
this page ARE the ,eal deal' 14 I J 

W VOLLEYBALt WANTED I seek. dale wllh a 
membel of UCSO IMlmt:n', VB leam. If you 
didn't make the cu I'd like a dale you as well. 
Also, anvone who has shared a room w,th an 
actual leam membel IS welcome 10 respond. 
Finally, ANYONE who knows where the equip-
ment manager keeps the praC1lCe ,olleyballs, I 
would like to meel thai manager or be allowed 
10 hold several of Ihose balls (4/1) 

Disre-Guardian Movie Quote! First person 
to show up at the DI"e-Guardian office. locat-
ed in Ih. sweat lodge behind Ihe (he. Will wm 
the grand prize-round lrop IlCkels 10 HawaII 
and 5 nights at Ihe Honolulu Hillon. Here's Ihis 
week's stumper: "Frankly, my dear I don'l give 
a damn.' (Mike May Ineligible) (4{1) 

Yeah ... right. 

However, we do have somethll1g you might enJoy, no foolin' _ 
If you give us the OK, we'lI send you the E-Guardian each 
Frtday. In case It's a hassle finding a Guardian around 
campus, we'll beam you a fancy Email verSion of tt18 G 
ThIS new Guardian feature IS a dandy wa to stay up on all 
tile latest haps around UCSO C'mon, give It d tr~ 

Please sign up on the ucsdguardlan.orgw eb site or JUs 
send a 'yes' to mfoulk ucsd.edu, 

GtJARl IAN 



-- SPERM 
My team lost 

And now there's a picture 
in the newspaper of my 

ex-girlfnend pulling up my 
skirt and shOWing oH my 

package. Fuck the Raiders. 

MONDAY 
APRIL 1, 2003 

Hey, at least 
I don't write 

for The 
Koala, jerk 

tha 
Guardian Sports Yak 

I looke.!d .It my,e1f In the.! IIl1fror tim mOTllmg and I lhought, I'm pretty aililetic, hut J'n{ no 
supersur. J keep myself m pretty 
good .,hape, bUl nOl JS good a., I'd 
like. I'm pretl) \\ eli-liked, bur I'm 
nOl rhe mml popular guy around. J 
thmk ab,)ul all thl'> stuff, and lhen J 
remember thal J .,hould he grateful. 
It could be.! wor,c. I could \~ rile for 
Tbr }\olll". 

In addmon to helng fat , ugly 
and a social outcasl, wrIling for Tbr 
Koal" would make Ille mcapable of 
domg a lot of thmgs thal ! take for 
gTanted, like gomg to the airport 
without hemg herded mto the 
"Iooh like a terrorISt" line. If I 
wrote for Tbr KOIIla, I'd forget how 
to relate ro the opposite ex.! lalf 
the time I'd probably be roo sroned 
LO rea!sze there IS another sex. If I 
wrote for Tbr Koala I'd probably 
ha\'e to Sign up for all of the mail-
Illg Is,ts that those gu}'~ have 
10m cd, alld to be hOllcst, ! don't 
rcall} \1 ant to be get ing mad fwm 
the I-:u I-:Iu\ I-:Jall . 

\, 'hell you put It III thJt per-
.. pecu\'c, !sfe \, not '0 bad after all. ! 
mcan. look on the hn!!ht \Ide. 

I'm a hetter golfer -than Charle .. 
Barkle\ Iiale YOU ,een thl'> L'1l1' at 
thlhe 'l(,ldmn !Ournal1lent~· '1 Ie 
ha'> an u~lr gall1e, Jnd to top It off, 
he wear.. rI(liculou.. chedered 
pant., thJt may be he only lhlnl{ 
louder than h(; I~ . 

I'm ,"re I could beat \Ischc1le 
I-:wan In ,111 arm-\I re.,dlll!! match . 
~ur(;. ..he can .. btc aro~nd and 
lump and do all tlHI\e fancy tncb, 
hut eH:n dripPing lIel .. he\' hardly 
100 pouIHI ... :--;0 prohlell1 . 

I kn(1\I I did 113\ hetter on the 
5.A: I thJn LeBrc;n jame~ . The 
gu~ Illay hale a CJreer !sned up 
where he'lI make 10 II1d!son-plu~ 
per ycar without gOlllg LO college. 
hUl I'm .,tllI ~marter than he I,. 

If he \\ere ,>ull Jround I kno\\ 
lh.ll I lOllld beal lhc dnUent (,reck 
poelI IOIl1!:r al a game of dMt, . The 
! .... uy hJ\ a knack for \lOr}'telhng, hut 
111) .,upenor cye'>lght would badll1e 
out III thl end 1'111 .,ure. 

At lhl'> pOint m Illy Is fe, rill ,>un: 
I ha\·c .1 better drill than \\ 'sllle 
\Iay,. ' Irllt:, hc' J Illtic pa.,t hl\ 
prune (well okay, he \ 71 rca r., old) 
but hc'~ >tlil a hJ\ehall legend. 
That\. got to count for \oll1<:lhln/j. 

Of c()ur~e, I'd never do any of 
the e thing,>. "10 beat up on II1l1lon -
tiC , \I omen, chIldren, the dl Jhled, 
and the elderly would be wrong. It 
would be IInmoral , disgusting and 
cheerlc~s lO beat up on the weaker 
Sisters of uur society. I t would show 
a LOtal lack of diglllty. "Ihal land of 
behaVIOr could only be explained 
by ome land of mfcnonty complex 
that shows the need to make up for 
some other kind of deficiency. 

And, Iske J said, I don't wntc for 
Thr Koala. 

This columnist doesn't really care 
what you thin If you want to talk to 
someone who cares. go to CSU San 
Bernardino. I'm sure those losers WIll 
Sit and cry WIth you about how wrong 
and unfair thiS piece was. 

page 022 DIl 

Lanthier fired after disappointing season 
Harrick may be hired on to 'save' program 

By GENE KROSS 
Sports Fan 

e 0 men's basketball head 
coach Greg Lanthier wa5 fired on 
i\1arch 29 afler posting a record of 
102-13 1 In mne easom. \\'hsle 
Lanthier)' firing was hardly sud-
den , the bIg surpri~c wa the 
announcement that the leadin~ 
candidate to fill the void is ex ..... 

L'I11\'er~lty of Georgia head co,lCh 
jlln I larrick, Sr 

Ilarnck had pre\"lously 
announced hiS rellremCI1l. hut \\ ,1\ 
apparently attracted to the VC 0 
position for Ih potential and rcb-
tI\'clv 10\1 Icvel of tre~ . l lC D 
DlreClOr or ,\thlcttes E,lrI 

Fdward~ \ald that I !arnck wa. an 
Ideal replacemclll for Lanthier. 

"1 think lhJl It wa .. llllle for u 
to make a change 111 our men's bas-
ketball program," Edward, ald. "I 
lhlllk that Jim llarnck would he 
an Ideal candidate lO take over lhc 
program lie comes 111 With a 
proven system, omcthlllg that 
thl'> program has l10t had since 
Lalllhier was coaching." 

Lanthier expressed shock o\er 
the neil's that he had coached hiS 
last garr.e as VC D's head coach. 

"I JU t can't he!scve Il." Lamhler 
said. ") mean, llalOw that I " 'c losl 
a lot of games, but I was JU t pel-
fectlng my system. If you really 

From one WIShed-up has-been to another ... 

DIRT POOR 

Photo courtesy unemployment agen<y 
Former UCSO basketball coach 

Grec Lanthier 

step back and look al It, then 111) 
plan I~ gcnlu~. I mean, three point'> 
arc wonh more than two POllltS, .. 0 
whv houldn't we uke ,111 of our 
sheits from three-point range' If 
VOl! shoot them, the\, wdl flil . And 
~venmallr, you will " \\In. At least, 

that'~ \\ hat I keep lclhng my<;elf. It 
hasn't \lorkcd yel, but It will. You 
JUSt wail." 

\"'hen asked aboul dIe possibil-
Ity of commg out of retirement to 

DUMB AS DIRT 

Photo COUftesy Your Mom 
Fonner University of Geo'lia 
baskedNill coach Jim Harrick 

coach UCSD, Ilarri ck . cclI1ed 
\'crr excited. 

"I think lhat they hal c .1 gre.lt 
program down there ill an Dle!!o," 
Ilarrick ,ald. "I meall, makmg the 
N \l\ tournamenl this year, th,ll'S 
very exciting. I think lhat 1 could 
really do a lot with um program. I 
can't walt to lOur the campus." 

When informed lhat CSD 
was, in facl, not the ni\'CrSllvof 
San Diego, which had m facl gone 

to the CAA tournament this 
year, llarnck was slightly Ie." 
cnthusiastic. 
, "It's a job, I guess," Ilarrick 

said. " I mean, the upside is thal 
obVIOusly the NCAA w;llchdogs 
aren't looking al ),011 as hard, hCIIlg-
in Division I I. But the dowllmle IS 
obviously th,1l the prog-r311l ,"ck'> 
and the talenl Ic.l\e, "olllelhln~ to 
he dc~ircd. I do \\ Jnt to coach 
again, and no maJor univer'lt)' 
would hire Ille, hut I don't know if 
I'd slum thl~ lT1uth ." 

Edward,> remained contJdenl 
that UeSD could land a big nallle 
coach like llarriek lO I el'ilah,e 
the men'~ ba~kelhJII progralll. 

"\ "e have been IO'lIlg for ,1 lot 
of years, and we need .,olllcthing to 
change lhal ," Edward, sa id . "I 
lhink thal P lamckl i .. th.1t !o'll)'. \ \ 'e 
JU~l have to conllnce hlll1 lhat 
UCSD IS the n~ht place for hlll1. I 
know thal lI'e don't gill! .. cholar-
hips, but I thlllk that \\ c h,I\'C .1 lot 

of lJlent In chi, progT.lIl1 th.1t ;1 1ll.ln 
!skI! llarnck could Jctu;lllv U'>C, 
lmlike L.lI1thler who h!slldly 'ohm 
lhe dlrec :lnd hoped lhat the} fell." 

Il arrsck 11'111 be on CJIIIIlll'> 
from Aprsl S through Api'll 10 
lOlIrin~ the f .. cl!stle\ and mectlllg 
the athletes. A final cleCIWlI1 on 
whelher or nOl he will coach 
UCSD next ),e.lr i, expccled hy 
April 12 . 

Regents buy Clippers in bold move 
Franchise to play home games at RIMAe Arena 

By OH MAN 
Serlor 5 an \/Vr' er 

The Regenl~ of the L'nl\cr .. lty 
of CahfornlJ aren'l onl\, 111 the 
hU'>lne\\ of re~earch Jnd ~dUCJlIOn 
an~1I1ore. In 3n attempl to dl\'er~l­
II and III RJ.\I.\C .\rena, L'C 
!)resldent Rohert C J)\I1e\ 
announced "'undJ) the hold 'pur-
chase of the I.o~ Angele,> Chpper'> 
h\' the Lnl\crmv of Cahfor11IJ 
f;oll1 Donald Stcrilng. 

Althou~h rllmor~ of lhe 
Chpper .. being for 'Jlc IUlc heen 
Circulating \\ Ilhln :--:B.\ CIrcle .. for 
.. ome Wile, the 3nnOUJ1(;ell1ent hI' 
the Regent~ \\ JS '>IIrpl'l\lI1g. . 

"It COl11e, as a hlg \urpn'>c," 
~,lId center ,\lllhacl Olowobndl 
Jl Chpper,' practice tn 1.0'> 
\ngdes. ",\1ayhc the fam In San 
/)Iel(o won't hate Ille 3\ much a,> 
lhe~ do here. " 

i\Jong wtth the purchase of lhe 
tealll, Dvne~ said the new owner-
\hlp wdi'l11o\'c thcm to 'ian Diego, 
\\ here they wdl pia} home gall1~ 
al CSD\ RI \\.\C Arena. 

"l'ven though Lhere Isn'l J leglt-
Imale NBA-level arena 111 San 
Diego, "e don't reall}' feel lhe 
Chppcrs have been d 
leglumale 'BA-!e-"cllcam O\'er the 

pa~l however many Yl'3r'> dlcy've 
been III the league, ~ DyJle~ ald. 
"GIve u~ ~ollle playoff gam and 
we'll give ulem their own arenll." 

'111e Clsppers, who began their 
franchise playing home games al 
the San Diego Sports Arena, have 
been sharing the Staplc~ CClller 
With the Lakers for the pa~l three 

sea~ons. 
"It' always been lOugh to WIlI-

pete III the Lakers' shadow," said 
Clspper ' General Manager Elglll 
Baylor, a former Laker. "I hear the 
arena III an Diego IS great .. 

RI.\\\C \rena ha'> a capacity f.u 
hclow that of thc Staples Center\ 
C.tl).lCIl~· of arountll0,OOO. 

"The Regents-o\\ ned Clspper .. 
\1111 olwlOush' hnn!! m less rc\·-
enue then ihe S~erlln!!-o" ned 

Clspptr~," Drne., '>JIlI . "Bul thJl 
IU,l means that C budget CUh of 
late \\tll affcel the Clipper., too." 

The rc~p()m!: frolll the UC:SI) 
,1dmlnl'>tratlon wa .. '>\11 l 

"Thl~ I., J ,erH)US I.,~ue," '>dld 
UCS D \'ice Pre.,ldel1t of _ tlIdent 
\f!Jlrs jO\cph \\ ·JlSon. "\ "ith the 
Clippers here, \\ e I11lght get more 
lhen 200 people al a sporting 
nel1l lhal IIIJ\ be, al tJme~, excll-
Ing. I'm al'P(;lnung a COltlllllllee 
to look 11110 the Slluatlon and 1ll.1ke 
sure students here rCIl1JlIlmdlrfcr-
elll Jnd IlIlmUlle to In)' C~cltelllelll 
about .Ilhletlc.,." 

The Jelmllll'>lraUOn has a tlght-
Isted hl'>wry on IS ucs Iske alcohol 

bemg served at hasl:clhall gamc . 
"If we can't Ict the fans drink ,11 
gall1e~, al least let 'CIIl slIloke a 11l-
dc," '>ald forward Lamar dom, 
"ho \Va\ su'>peJ1(lcd carlier lhl~ 
,>ea'>on for viulatlllg the BA\ 
drug polscy. 

The Regenl'>' fim priority Will 
bc to hire a new <:oach for the 
Clsppers. Denl1ls johnson, the 
IIllerllll coach, bn't malan/j a great 
Imprcs'>!on In hIS cOdlhlng debut. 

Olher candtdates for the Job 
Include Sleve LaVln and Southcrn 
CalifornlJ native 13111 Walton . 

"We know LaVin's a publsc-
relatton dream," Dynes sa id . "If 
he can gel us lO the sweel 16 of the 

BA, that'd be great and thal 
Vvalton guy Secnll> to know what 
he's tallang about when he talb on 
the televi ion. All are great candI-
dates, bUlll Will be a ngorous hlr-
mg process. We may JUSl give the 
Job to the second best candldal' 

Peep N. Tom/GuordlOn 
Best Buds: UC President Robert C. Dynes welcomes Clippers forward Elton Brand 
to UCSD. The Regents may be the only owner cheaper th n Donald Sterling 

for the CLA Job." 
Owners around the league have 

had varied responses to the ncw 
ownership. 

"Maybe we can cross-promole 
to gel ollle CSD ~tudenl'> lO 
come to Las Vega and Slay al lhe 
Palm!>," S31dJoe Maloof. 

Maloof I co-owner of the 
Sacramento KlIlg' as well as th 
La Vegas hmel. 

"UnlverSIlY of Callf"rnl,I'," 
a~kcd Maverscb owner M,lrk 
Cuban after he was told of the 
C!sppers' Impending lI1ove. ""n 'l 
thal In Berkel y'" 

COl11nllSSlOner DaVid Stern 
had no comment except to ay, 
"We dldn'l think any owner could 
be heaper then Donald Slerllng. 
'I'h U ' Regents II1lght Just prove 
us wrong." 




