
ughts and Sirens 1 SPORTS , .. FEATURES . Opinion 4 Weekend wins A tale of hope Letters to the Editor 5 Women's basketball 
In Ghana, where the children's death rate is soaring, an ERe Campus Calendar 8 

won against both Cal 
State Dominguez Hills 

Crossword Puzzle 11 and Cal State LA. 
student has raised enough funds to refurbish a hospital. page 10 Oassifieds 14 page 15 

THE UCSD 
ARt) 

UC SAN DIEGO MONDAY, JANUARY 13, 2003 

A.S. to look at voting systems 
Council senator pitches 'instant runoff' 

By CLAYTON WORFOLK 
Senior Staff Writer 

The A.S. Council approved the 
assembly of an ad hoc task force to 
explore potential voting y terns 
that could improve the electoral 
process ar UCSD on Jan. 9, its 
first meeting of winter quarter. 

The ASUC D Ad [Ioc l-ask 
Force on Voting Systems will, 
according to its charter, uresea rch 
and evaluate the benefits and 
detriments of various types of col-
lege and university voting systems 
that could be implemented at 
U SO." Specifically, the task 
force Will address the possibility of 
in!>tiruung an instant runoff vOt-
II1g system at U SO. 

Thc A.S. Council approved the 
creation of the rask force by a vote 
of 14 to I, with four councilmem-
ber abstcntions. Prior to the coun-
II's approval, there was a motion 

to pull rhe Itell1 so it could be 

reviewcd by a committee after A.S. 
Commissioner of Athletics Robin 
Shelton, the pro pective elections 
manager, voiced an objection to 
the item. The motion failed in the 
ensuing votc, as it did not meet the 
three-fifths majority required to 
pull an itcm to committee. 

Shelton objected to the task 
force charter's deadline timetable, 
which require the task force to 
submit a report no later than week 
seven of winter quarter and holds 
that any A.S. recommendations to 
change UCSD's voting system 
take effect no earlier than week 
five of spring quarter. 

According to Eleanor 
Roosevelt College Freshman 
Senator Max Harrington, who 
proposed the task force, the grow-
ing movement for the institution 
of instant runoff voting In tate 
and national elections provided 
the task force's inspiration. 

" riginally [ ... proposed the 

task force as an instant runoff vot-
ing t.ask force," Harrington said. 
"After several people objected, 
rightfully, that we should consider 
other possibilities as well, [ 
expanded it to a more general 
'voting y tems'ta k force ." 

[n an instant runoff voting sys-
tem, voter rank candidates in 
order of preference and, as in the 
existing ystem of plurality voting, 
if a candidate receives the majori-
ty of all VOtes he or she automati-
cally wins. However, if no candi-
date receive the majority of the 
vote, the candidate who received 
the least votes is elimmated and 
the votes of those who ranked hIm 
or her first are shifted to their next 
highe t-ranked candidate. Thi is 
repeated until one candidate has 
over 50 percent of the vote . 

"1 don't think it's fair that a 
candidate can get ejected with 37 

See VOTING, Page 3 

Activists decry plight of Palestinians 
Week to explore Israeli-Palestinian conflict 

By GAELLE FAURE 
Associate News Editor 

"'lllC '1 ruth About Occupation," 
a lecture th.lI feawred l:,'lJCSt pcak-
ers Adam Shapiro and Iluwaida 
Arraf from the International 
Sol idanty i\1ovemelll, took place on 
Jan. lO a .. thc fir~t evcnt in a week of 
'>peakcrs prcsented by mdents for 
Justice expluring the Israeli-
P.l1esom.l!1 connlCt 

Sh.llllrO Jnd Arraf, who ,Ire hus-
band .1IIt! \, Ifc, separa(cly discussed 
their personal experience living 
and workin!( LOw.lnl an end to 
OCclI ll.luon in [sLleh-controlled 
teITIlOIiCS. iloth hegan their career~ 
In the ,\1 iddlc Fa,t .1; IIlclhator~ in 
conJlic( -rc.,olullon groups. 

\rrJf, whose P:llesnl1l;ln parent, 
ned to the nlled States before her 
Imtll , wllrkl'd 111 tlle ;\1Iddle F':lst 
mtll a b'lOuP tll.lt brought IOgethcl 
bloleh .lIltl P . .t c~tlnl .1Il tecnagers 
hefore cn-fuuntllllg the IS,\ 1 in 
200 I . ller qUickly growmg org.1I1i-
z;ltlon adopted the nll>Slon of 
lecrulIlllg IIllhVlduab from all over 
the world to )Olll Palesunian!> in 
nonVIOlent prote t~ III hracli-coll -
trolled arcas 

"TIllS is a Palestmian-Ied move-
ment, but II need~ IIlternallonab," 
"rraf s.lId . explailling that a 
P.lleSllnlJIl hfe i~ worth little to 
ISI .leh IIlIlIlJry, while the death of 
,In IIIlernJllOnJl prolcster could 
call\ •• 1 PR th".lSter, and that inter-
n.IlHIIlJls \\ ere therdc)rc prote tlng 
p ,1 Iesul1Ian, from letllJI vlulence. 

.. \ VhJt [ tlllllk prolllotes IIJIStln-
der>tandlllg IS th.1I we were 
involved In a peace proces:. frolll 
I C)Ol til 2000, hut, fter that people 

Tyler Hulf/GuorolOn 
Personal narrative: Former conflIct-resolutIon medIator Huwalda Arraf explaIns 
her d ISlon to found the Palestll1lan-ied International Solidarity Movement. 

;l'lSlIl1Ied th,1t PJlcs tilli.lI1s didn't 
really wanl peace. ThiS is Slid With-
out rC;llIy know II1g what went on 
dunng tillS umc," Arraf said. 

Arraf explamed that while the 
pea e accords wcre supposed to 
lead to the end of West Bank alld 
Gn.1 occup.ltlon, thc nUlllber of 
hracli cttlcrs in these areas dou-
bled, [>,IIc. .. Ulllan land between '>ct-
tlemcnts was cunfiscated, amI road-

block~ .lnd checkpoints sprung 11)1. 
.. ;a7.J was closed off. It's tlle 
larg~t pnson 10 the world ngln 
nuw," Arr;lf sa id. 

Arraf wlfficssed firsthand the 
firM lnufadJ, and was lI1Splrcd hy 
the nonviolent prOteMS he aw. 
When the military sta rted instating 
24-hollr house arrc.~ts and regula(-

ing bU'lIlesse~' hours of opcr;ltion. 
bmlllcsse protc,tcd by c1o'lIIg 
e.lrI}" in re~ponse to which the l1Iil -
it.lry Cllt the Mores' locks, ;lId 
Art.lf. (her Pale.uniall> refused to 
p.IY taxes or burned their ID cards. 

"Even children diJ crCdllve 
thing>, like tying call> to C,ItS' tails 
to pllt soldier on edge after curfew 
"hen lIoboJy was supposed to be 
Oil tllc streets," ArrJf said. 

Arraf de cnlled the dJlly thfli-
culues of PalestiOldn life III occu-
)lIed territory, 11\ ludll1g the roUlllIC 
of 1IllIllJry checkpoints, \~h ich ,he 
had to pa regularly to go frol1l 
one P'llesnruan town to Jllother . 
Accordll1g to Arraf, men arc thc 

See CONFLICT, Page 2 

VOLW"IF. 108, [SSlJE 3 

O'Connell sworn in as 
Calif. superintendent 
Former lawmaker joins 
UC Board of Regents 

By MARNETTE FEDERIS 
Staff Writer 

Jack O'Connell was inaugurated 
as California' superintendent of 
public instruction at a Jan. 5 cere-
mony held at the State ;\ 5 cmbly 
Chambers in Sacramento, alif. 

O'Connell took oath in front of 
family, friends and colleagues dur-
ing the two-hour ceremony. After 
being sworn in by an FranCISco 
Mayor Willie Brown, he reiterated 
his commitment to improving the 
California public educaoon system 
through clas -size reduction. tn hiS 
brief peech, he also promised to 
try ro keep the state's recent budget 
cuts as far away from the class-
rooms as possible. 

A former state senator and 
assemblyman, O'Connell replaced 

Delaine Ea5(in, 
who was rhe 
head of the 
California 
Dcpartment of 
Education for 
the past eight 
years. 

[n addition 
to upervising 
K-12 education 
throughout the 
state, 
O'Connell will 

Jack O'Connell 
Califomla 

5upenntenden 0 
Public Instru Ion 

al 0 serve on the UC Board of 
Regents, who have recently voted 
on a 135-per-quarter mcrea.c tn 
. t\ldent fees. ThiS IS the tir.t time 
In eight years that the Ul1Iver Ity of 

abfornia has faced a raIse In fec, . 

See O'CONNELL, Page 9 

UCSD to seek increase 
in private donations 

Growing number of alumni seen 
as possiole long-term benefactor 

By THOMAS NEELEY 
Associate News Editor 

ln response to tate clitbacks to 
the C budget and with the ba!:kmg 
of Chancellor Robert C. Dyne, 
UCSD has embarked on J fundral -
mg initiative aimed at ralslI1g pnvate 
money to II1creasc smdent SlIpport, 
~chobrships, fcllow~rup;, and facul-
ty-endowed ch.lirs. alllollg other 
thin!,'s. 

The irutiative, \duch I., ,ollm I~ 
plmning stagC!l, will ~eek out tin,lII-
cia I suppOrt from such pm ate 
sourccs as IIldl\ iduJls, org.lIlJl:,ltiuns. 
corporations .lOtI alunulJ. It I. cur-
rently expected to begll1 till. spnng. 

Pm'ate suppOrt J( UC 'D I. nUl a 
new \enmre. Both the Preuss SchtXlI 
.lIul the Rebecca Jlld John lome!> 
UC D Cancer Center were 
financed w>illg pnV:llc donations. 

"The IJst two yCJrs, It!. been.llnt 

1II0re ann'e," s,lId K,lrcn .\ I 
(.JICW.,kJ, thrector of devcl 0 piliI.' III 
comnlurucaUUIl>. 

The yeJr-end pmJtc support 
total for UCSD III 2002 '''Is .11>0Ut 

10004 11111hon. SlImLir to tn:l\(l, I'll 
prlvare donatIOns to unlverSllIe, 
nation"ltlc, thiS number IS dow n 
over the pJ'>r two years, whclI 'U)I-
port re,lched 121 mil I 1011 111 ~ ()O 1 
and 13) million 111 2000 

A!:wrdlllg to !'.in ~heeb prep.1I cd 
hy the UC om!:c of the Prc'ldem. 
UC:!)'.; endowll1cnt IS \Jllied .It 
274 lIulllon, makmg It the ~y'(CIII '.; 

fifth IJrt,!C!lt. L1C Berkcler'.; emlow 
ment. ,,'ru!:h I' the brge~t' ln thc .,y., 
tCIII, I. Joout 1.1)53 hillion, while 
L CL\:s, the .y~tl'1II '.; 'ccond 1,lr!:,'.: t, 
I. 1..19 bIllion. L'e RI\ crslde h.I' 
the ~1II.t1lc,t endow lIIent. \allled .It 

70 million. 

Sec DONATIONS. l'l l~" I 

WEATHER ~POKEN SURF 
• \1, ~ ~.l~ " " here' ani REPORT J ."" :f: on thing that Jan. 13 .", '. ,1 

" nJ NWlo 'l 1111. l] ~n. 14 alumni have in W1nd \ \oJ 1 h or H &9 t52 H &8l 51 s 
cornman) and 'iWt' 1 N'I 810 II h , ,.1", 

-' ~ 
'..:;:.J ~ ., tillle -U D." Jiln.14 "f t J "nJ N 

1iIn. 15 ~n. 16 Wind Wd1tC'> 2 It or 
- John Valva. director bs 

H74 l52 Hnl5J of alumni relations sweR. NW 8 10 10 It 



EWS T HE UCSD OUAROIAN MONDAY, JANUARY I J. ZOO) 

BRIEFLY 
UCSF fundraising cam~aign 

tops $1 billion mark 
Marking the first time a graduate Institu-

tIOn In he United States has raised so much 
In a single effort, the seven-year campaign to 
raise S 1 4 billion for the University of 
Califomla, San FranCISco has topped the $1 
billion mark. 

The Campaign for UCSF IS the largest uni-
verSity fundralslng effort to focus on ImprOVIng 
human health, The campus holds more u.s. 
patents than any other In the UC system. 

UCSF SCientists vi rtually launched the 
biotech industrt with tne Invenllon of recom-
blnan DNA techniques now used to create 
human Insulin and other lifesaVing drugs. 

The Campaign for ucsrs $1 billion 
achievement Will help university sCientists 
overcome such barners as state budget cut-
bac s, aging bUildings and difficult healthcare 
economiCS. The campaign hopes to raise the 
entire $1.4 billion by June 30, 2005. 

With the campaign's support, construc-
Ion already has begun at MISSion Bay on 

two new buildings to house UCSF 
researchers wori(lng 10 neurOSCience, genet-
ICS and bloenglneenng. UniverSity scientists 
will begin mOVing Into the first research faCil-
Ity, UCSF Genentech Hall, this mon h. 

UC Berkeley scientists link 
moon to Big Burp Theory 

A mighty "burp" early In he moon's hiS-
tOrt could account for some of ItS geologiC 
mystenes, according to a state-of-the-art 
computer model of the lunar Intenor used by 
geophYSICists at UC Berkeley. 

If corred, he model would prOVide the 
first full understanding of the thermal hlst0rt 
of any plane~ Including the Earth, and would 
be a cornerstone for understanding the hiS-
lones of all the other plane s. 

The burp of ho rOCK nearly 4 billion years 
ago would have lifted a blan e covenng the 
moon's core, allOWing he core 0 cool qulC -
Iy enough to produce a magnetic field. This 
would explain he old, magnetized rocks 
piC ed up from the moon's surface dunng 
the Apollo missions 30 years ago. 

The heoretlcal burp predlded by he 
compu er model would also explain the 
lunar mare - seas of me al-nch volcanic roc 
ha. cover much of he near Side of he 

moon bu: Ii Ie of ne far Side. 
Controversy s ill remains, however, over 

whe her he early magne sm reported from 
the moon based on analYSIS of moon rocks 
IS real. 

Josh Crouse Editor in Chief 
Lauren I. Coartney Mln'cine Editors 

Charlie Tran 
Carne Elizabeth Sklar Copy Editor 

Evan Mclaughlin News Editor 
Gaelle Faure Assocille News Editors 

Thomas Neeley 
Claire J. Vannette Opinion Editor 

Jessica Lingel Associate Opinion Editors 
Damel Watts 

Anu Kumar Sports Editor 
OWen Main Associ.Ie Sports Editor 

Lindsay Boyd Features Editor 
Rinaldo Dorman Hiatus Editor 

Anne Cong-Huyen Associate Hiltus Editors 
Mara Evans 

Tyler Huff Photo Editor 
Kenrick Leung Graphics Editor 
Zhl-Ning Liang Web Editor 

Editorial Assistants 
David Bynum, Karla Devrres, Clayton Worloll<, 

Bani Worth 
Page Layout 

JenOifer Chang, Cathellne ChIU, Ed V u, 
Ma rk Zabala 

Copy Ruders 
Brandon Katz, Malina llVlnski, Oeepa Manohara 

Mather Martin, Grant Schrader 

Pamela Fruge Business Manager 

New type of star found, 
astronomers say 

A new type of star that may help 
astronomers understand some of the recent-
ly discovered extra-solar planets in proximity 
to their suns has been discovered lurking as a 
low mass component In a vert com pad bina-
rt star system called EF Endanus. 

Astronomers Steve B. Howell of UC 
Riverside and Tom Hamson of New MeXICO 
State UniverSity, Las Cruces confirmed the 
existence of a new variety of stellar end-
product at the American Astronomical 
SOCiety Meeting In Seanle, Wash. 

This new type of star IS about the size 
and temperature of a brown dwarf, given Its 
vert different fonmation process, and has 
Intenor and atlmospheric strudures that are 
stili un nown. Howell, Harnson and NMSU 
graduate student Heather Osborne are con-
tinuing to study EF Endanus, and will soon 
have new Infrared data obtained uSing the 

atlonal Science Foundation's 320-inch 
Gemini telescope In Hawaii. The new da ta 
will allow them to confirm and accurately 
derive how the temperature varies from one 
side of EF Endanus to the other, as well as 
proVide a detailed study of the atmosphenc 
strudure of this new type of star. 

Scholarship performance 
to be herd Jan. 19 

"ClaSSICIsm and Impressionism - Works 
for Cello and Piano· will be perfonmed by eel-
Irst Charles CUrtiS and pianist Aleck Karis, 
mUSICians In the UCSD Department of MUSIC, 
at 3 p.m. on Jan. 19 In the Ida and Cecil 
Green Facul Club. 

Proceeds from the event will go to 
Thurgood Marshall College's Lytle Memonal 
Scholarship, which supports freshman 
Marshall students who are the firs In their 
family to a end college. 

CUrtiS and Kans are s epping In for UCSD 
musIcian Cecil Lytle, who cannot perform 
because of hiS pending shoulder surgert 
Ly Ie has presented the scholarship benefit 
plano reCital for he pas seven years. 

Curtis' and Kans' program for 
"ClaSSICism and ImpreSSionism" will rnclude 
pieces from Leos Janace 's Pohadka, 
LudWig van Bee hoven, Haendel and 
Claude DeBussy 

Tickets for the concert, at which hors 
d' oeuvres Will be served dunng In enmlSSlon, 
are $35. For IC e s and further Infonmatlon 
call the UCSD Faculty Club at (858) 534-
0876. 

Michael Foulks Advertising M.nlger 
Mike Martinez Advertising Art Diredol 

Business Assistants 
Emilee Schumer, Shira Stanton 

Advertising Assistant 
Kimberly Hopkinson 

Advertising Account Executives 
Mardin Malik, Abigail Milton 

Network Administrator 
True Xiong 

Advertising Desi," and layout 
Nick Silva 

Circulation 
Nick Archer, Kim Hopkinson, John Healey 

The ~CO G<.oaao:r1 <s pub<lhed ro1oro1.\yS and ll>ur\d6" 
do.Jmslhe IIC4dtmor. Y"<I by ltd l:.< rr.. ~ cllJ(3O 
F~ 01 this ne..sp..per III lII"I form. ~ III 
wroo:e Of '" p.)It llIIItlOlA pe~ IS r:4'/ ",ohb\t<! Q 
1001 .. rCll!o no:eM!d r~ UCO Guadan ~ 001 (e<..por>-
,010 lot II>! teurn ot """"",.o>d rr..tro>CI~ Of art. The 
_ "'I"t:S"ej hele.n do noc n<!(~ /tVe>enIlI1" 
opnct1'i of The IXSD~, the Ur-..v( at 
c..lom", 01 A,·.od ... ~ ~Ioder~' TIlt' UCSD CuOldo<Jll " 
fundt>oj SQitoIy by a<t_og 'O<I'(~ al~"ys let'! ~ 

General Ed,lonal. 858-534-656 1 
Nem an d Features 858-534-5226 

Oponlon, Sports, Photo: 858-534 ·6582 
Hiatus 858-534 6583 
Advert'~lng Offtc~ 858·534·3466 

Fax: 858-534-7691 
f-mol/' ed'lor 'ucsdguordron org 

G '\HJ)IJ\t . ONLINE 
www ucsdguardlan.org 

The UCSD Guardian 
9500 Gilman Dr. OJ 16/ 

La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 
A. J, oO(-"J " ~ rrJfld f JUt, dl .. v 

~\wo-"I (enl !':Iv. • g P, km II I 

ETCETERA ••• 
r ice n' vice by kenr i ck l eung 

I THINK IT'S TIME I 
TRICKED OUT MY RIDE 
LIKE THOSE CRAZY KIDS 
AND THEIR IMPORT CARS. , 

I DON' T SEE WHATYOU 
CAN POSSI8LY DO TO 
IMPROVE THIS PIECE 
OF JUNK. 

, 

I 8ETYOU ' RE EATING YOUR 
WORDS RIGHT NOW. I JUST 
IN~EASED TOP SPEED BY lOOMPH 
WITH THIS SWEET WING. 

I'll GO GET THE ClOCK 
fOR TIME TRIALS. 

LIGHTS It SIRENS 
unda)" jan. 5 

9:05 p.m. : A srudent reported a burglary 
at ,\!eteor Ii ali. Lou: 1,360. 

Monday, jan. 6 
1:47 p.m .. A ,rudent reported a burglary 

to a black 1994 r londa Civic al 4059 MirJmar 
St. Loss: $400. 

2:56 p.m. : A srudent reported a burglary 
at Tioga H all. Loss: $375. 

3:13 p.m.: A 19-year-old female snldc nt 
su ffered a facia l cut from a fallillg tree bral1ch 
nea r the Cognitive Sciences Budding. 
Tronspomd 10 T"01'7l1011 Ilospttoi by Officer. 
Tuesday, j an. 7 

7:10 a.m. : The an Diego Polr ce 
Department recovered a white 1992 10yOla 
Land Cruise r preViously reported stolen at 

CSIJ. 0-<1111'''' 1I0tljird. 
11 a.m.: A , taff member reported the theft 

of com pulers from Englllecrrng Budding 
nJ( I. Loss: ]80. 

1: 1 0 p.m.: An I -yea r-old male ludent 
suffered a leg IIlJUI)' after fall lllg at Occa nview 
lerracc. SIII'}rcr fOlIg"t pnt'llt r ,,·tfJmUfII . 

I :27 p.m.: A staff member reported the 
theft of IJhoratory equipment from Pacific 
/ 1311 . I.os5 1,715. 

1 :30 p.m.: A slaff member repon ed the 
theft of laboratory equipment from York llall. 
Lon $500. 

4:35p.m.: A student reponed a burglary 
to a whi te I C)C)(j \'olkwagcn Cahrlolet. Loss: 

1,400. 
9:04 p.m.:;] 19-ycJr-old-m.llc ~tudent ~lIf-

Conflict: ISM pr 
cununueJ fTrlm pllge I 

I11I),t h.lr,I~,ed, held Jt gunpoint with their 
hand, 111 the ,lIf, madc to 11ft theIr ~hlrt~ .IIId 
'OlncUlnc, fOJ't'cd II) drop their pant,. The 
cmuln!:! \\,111 , ,he ,.11.1, ,WIICUI11C, I.llIed frolll 7 
.1111 unlll ,un'CI, kccpll1!( lIIen fmlll goong III 
\I 01 k or Ihc I1I1I'cr',I\\ 

( Jlle 01 the 1\ 11·, ~l UOil' Inlluded e\(OIlIlIg 
PalcMlIlldll 'i 1'/ their IIll\e fidd, dUllnl! h,l(\e'l 
'l'.I"1I1 till, Idll . \1'1.11 '.lId tIlJt ~OIllC .1.11" thel' 
"Itlct:ckd, (,thel dJ)' Iht:r \lUC IlIIlIe" 1..11 k, 
.111" Ih.1l "Hilt: Il1IlIIIJIIIII1JI, \lefl' 1ll:.IIt:1I I>\' 
1I1I11l.1I} III thc pI Ole" . -

~h.IPllfJ, II ho 11\ cd 101 lIe,1I If 10111 ~ .:.rr, fin 
I~,tli Ilk" flUel tI~JlulI ,lilt! who 1\ IlO" .1 Ph I) 
'lIIdcnt .11 Ihe tllllertCan Llnller'It}· In 
\VJ hllll/llUl, f) C., "el1l '111 to de\(lIhl' the Irk 
01 \ I( 11111\ 1m hoth Slde\ of the Ulllflil t 

"I kllOIl "11.1111 \\J\ Irke Sept II, and It \\.1\ 

fered a bro ken leg playi ng Iw, kctball al 
Rl tAc. TrfJl1spol1rd 10 71)01111011 Ilo'pm" I'] 
plJ r fJII/tdrcs. 

'Vednesday, j an . 8 
11 :47 a.m.: O fficers arrested .1 -I7-yc,lf-

old male nonaffil ia te fo r illcgallodgln!; lI;lrth-
\l'e~t of Allen Soccer Field . GiIt'tlllllrI ,.d"II.II'd. 

Thursday, Jan. 9 
9:25 p.m.: Officer, IInpounded a white 

19 6 Volkswagen Cabriolet at LOl 406 fo r 
havlllg a registra tion expIred fo r over SIX 
months and for having more thall six unpml 
parking tickets. S lorrd 01 SrfJI' TIYU'rIIg. 

Friday, Jan. 10 
1:30 p.m.: A ~tudc lll repon ed Ihe Iherl of 

a whit e 1900 Ford Ranger from Lot 702. 1.0,). 
-1 ,000. 

3 p.m.: non,lffi lralc reportcd Ihe.: theft of 
a red 1997 Jeep C herokee from Lot 70-1 . /'0.'\ ' 
$15,000. 

2:35 p.m.: A nona ffilr ate reportcd J bur-
glary to a red 199 1 Chevrolet Camaro.1l !CJH .! 
i\/rramar t. L oss: 200. 

aturoa y, jan. 11 
3:22 a.m.: A 22-year-old ma le non;llfilr.lle 

,u ffered from alcohol PCJI;Ol1l11g .It 
Chall enger Il alL Trllnsported to 'J'bOll/tilll 
IlmprllJl by PlJrfl11t edlO'. 

- om piled b}' Evan lcL.lughlin 
.V''7J'1 1':rlIIOI 

n nce 
n:ry tr;ltlIllJUC, hUI thaI \I a, (1Il1\' onc el el1l, 
one ",IY," he 'Jld, cxpl'lIl11ng the lOIl,l.llIt ,h,ld-
C)w of IhrcJt LKcd hr J.. r,lcillllllCIl\, 1100Ic\.:1. 
he .II!,'ucd Ihe Pale,III1I.1Il ,IIU,1t11l1l 1\ IIll1eh 
mOic dlffinllt IhJI1 Ihe lSi ,lei,,', \liIo h.lle Ihe 
Irl'edllll1l0 IC;IIC thclI hou,c, e\l'n .1.11 

"\ \ c ,hollid ,)lIIp.lthl/l· 1)I;t \ll' ,holll.l 
11111 Ii<. tlll1fll\Cd: Sh,II'1I11 ',lid, npl.llllIl1~ Ih.11 
Ihe I" "dl '1I1r.H11I1I " 11l(1I111j1.II.lhk III Ihe 
1'.r1e'\IIII.111 ,1I11.lIIOI1. 

I flo .d", pWlIled III dllllUIIIIL" III ll.lIklll~ 
11110 til': oI\CI,lge hl.ILlI IIlIlId"'I, clllllf! Ihe 
IIIL·.lI.1 .1' h •. I\cci. 

" YIIU dfln'l he.1I Ihl' 1\lIId ' /'.01" '11111.111' III 
tl1l' "1.ldlllledl.1 \\lIhflllllh.: II lilt!, Il'IIIIII'1i1 
nnllllll," ~h.lplrfl \.lId. "\\'.: .lIl· '" frlT hell' 
III u'lIIg Ihe lertll 'ter 11111\111 ' Bill )'1111 1'.11111111 

'i",' LEOURE, I'lIg, ' I 

MON DAY, JA NUARY 13. ZOO) THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

Voting: Shelton objects to timetable 
conrinued from page r 

percen t of the vote, as J esse 
Ventura did in Minnesota," 
Harrington said . "T his means that 
the other 63 percent of voters pre-
ferred someone else." 

Supporters of instant runoff 
voting argue that the system 
ensures truc majority rule and 
elrmi na tes the" poiler" factor that 
o ften forces voters to vote for the 
lesser of two evils instead of the 
candidale that they truly want rep-
resenting them. The Green Party 

has been at the forefront of the 
campaign for instant runoff voting 
in the United States. 

"[Wi th insta nt runoff voting] , it 
is ensured that you can vote for 
your favorite candidate without 
fear that you might be helping your 
least favorite candidate be elected ," 
Il arrington said. 

The A.S. task force will be com-
posed of a majority-elected chair 
and vice chair, six A.S. senators 
(on~ from each college), up to t:wo 
A.S. cabinet members and up to 

Donations: Endowment 
valued at $274 million 
conunlled from page r 

Perhaps the biggest change 
froll1 past models of fundraising is 
the increaSing importance of alum-
ni to d,e university. Although just a 
portion of the campaign, UCSD 
has bq,run reconnecting with its 
comparatively young pool of alum-
ni to solicit various means of sup-
port, incl uding the financial sup-
POrt enjoyed by older, comparahle 
institutions. 

III hi th ird State of the Campus 
add rcs~ on Nov. 26, 2002 at the 
Scrrpp' Institulion of 
Oceanography, the chancell or said 
th.lt CS IJ needed to reach out to 
It'. ,IIUI1111i , since many alumni do 
not feci attached to UC D. 

"We have to change that, if 
nothing more than for the philall-
thropy that most other universitics 
in d,C country experience from 
their ,dulllni, which wc do nor," 
D\11cS ald . 

. CaJewski sa I(l thaI in terms of 
the current fundraising lIlinative, 
alUlIl11l gi l IIlg would bcgll1 to he a 
lIIore lung-term proJl'Ct. 

"Its kind of something thats in 
long- term planning," Gajewski 
said. "Our alumni are still kind of 
young." 

Founded in 1960, UCSD 
matriculated its first class in 1964. 

I [owever, Gajewski said that 
UCSD seeks to bui ld a relationship 
wi lh its alumni beyond simple 
financial _ IIpport. 

Nevcrthcle , financial support 
is important to universities like 
UCSD, which is tate-supported 
but not tate-financed , sa id John 
Valva, director of alumni relations. 

"Private funding is a necessary 
part of a growing university," Va lva 
said. "\Ve're just now starting to 
sec some inroads in terms of alum-
ni support." 

For the long-term benefil of 
bod, UCSD and alumni, Valva sa id 
hiS office seeks to build a deeper, 
Illore lasting reianom,hi p With 
aluillru. 

"\Ye're one big cOlllmulllty," 
Valva SJI(I. ""Iheres only one Ihlllg 
alUITUlI have 111 COlllmon, and IhJt\ 

CSD." 

two at-large representatives. Al l 
members of the task force will have 
voting rights except for the chair, 
who wi ll vote only in the case of a 
tie. Ex-officio members of the task 
fo rce will include the A.S. cabinet, 
the A.S. senate and the A.S. elec-
tions manager. 

Instant runoff voting systems 
have been adopted by the city of 
San Francisco and the As ociated 

tudents of UC Berkeley. Students 
at UC Davis wi ll vote on instituti ng 
the system in their next election. 

Lecture: 
Shapiro talks 

of Middle 
East peace 

continued from page 2 
cannot say that [the Israeli gov-
ernment killing civilians] is not 
terrorism. " 

As for his vision of the future, 
Shapiro said that he could not 
envision peace talks without an 
end to Israeli occupation first. 

"Peace has to be between two 
people who are free and equal," he 
said. "The occupation hasn't gen-
erated stability for Israe l ... Ending 
occupation is Just about the only 
thing we haven't tri ed." 

Talks on the Israeli -Palestinian 
conflict continue Jan. 15 with guest 
speaker Ma [( Ilortol1 from top 
U .. Tax Aid to Israel Now at 7 
p.m. and on JJn. 16 with a Iccntre 
on the peace process from an 
Die!;0 State University professor 
Fand Abdcl- our at 7 p.m. Both 
lecrurcs wi ll he gIven in Center 
11all 101. 

HrrSEVERY 
TUESDAY C 
TllURSOAY 

NIGHT ON OUR 

NEWS 1 

/ Computer Repair 
• """" _....,........,o!i,~ 

it"',,,%., f~$:~~ ~ .. ~ '4.t"¢' 

Technical Services 
a division of 

Academic 
Computing 

Services 

Computer and printer repair for 
UCSD faculty, staff and students 

On site service 
Two Convenient Drop off Sites: 

Room 1412 AP&M 
UCSD Bookstore Computer Center 

On-campus location: Room 1412 APM 
WebSite: http://techserv.ucsd_edu 

Email: techserv@ucsd.edu 
Phone: (858)534-4057 

ART~ EXHIBITS~ r ll>J lRf,"u:snYltN1'b 
" OfJ'AlTlolDlT OF srvtJt.~ r AtlAlllll 

• 



OPINION 
Doing 

Cloning's dangers and ethical issues 
are blown out of proportion 

By LOGAN GOH 
Staff Wrl er 

What IS the bIg hoo-hah about c1onmg? 
\\ blle there are a number of legJtimate and 
Intelligent ethical objections to [he eXIsting 
cloning methods avaIlable to us, a large 
number of anti-c1ontng activists seem fun-
damentally misinformed about what thIS 
lechnolo!,'Y actually represents. It 's al most 
like saytng, «I like lolltpops: and gelling the 

rc~ponse. k Ahh, but gasoline is poisonous! 
So lollipops arc rl.'r{1" Ano-c1ontng actiVIsts 
do not seem to be objecting to the ra ther 
mundane reabty of c1onmg, but some CI-
cnce fictIon nightmare Instead. 

RJght now, human reproductive c10nmg 
- and qUIte pOSSIbly antmal reproductive 
c1ontng, too - raIses si gnificant ethIcal 
concerns. The qUe!Sl to develup a human 
done should not be pursued until the tech-
nology Improves. The methods 

narural process instead of depending on the 
capnces of nature. Reproductive c10nmg is 
yel another extension of thiS process, WIth 
the twm being created many years after the 
origmr,l has been born . [nstead of inducing 
an embryo 10 split, adult somatic cells are 
introduced to a donor embryo. In all three 
processe , no new sperm and no new egg is 
used to create the twi n, but otherwise the 
latter stages of development arc no different 
from any other zygote. 

The clone has just as much a separate 
idenoty as any identical twill - the clone is 
not a copy of the original, but a new human 
bemg. Bereaved parents seeking to resurrect 
theIr chIld WIll only supplant theIr decea ed 
child with a new one. JUSt as precious, per-
haps, but not a replacement. People seeking 
IInmortaltty through their clones will have 
a~ Illuch succe!>s as everyone! else dues when 
the)' bnng a new chIld into the world. Their 

genes will bve on, but theIr 
IllJl1ds wtll not. currently avatlable to us 

reqUIres many fail ed attempts, 
many deformed fetu ses and 
forced mi.carnages before a 
well-funned felus can be con-
cClved. Even then, the clone 
will likely ~uffer from severe 

PRO One of the more valid rea-sons to pursue human repro-ductive clonIng IS 10 allow infer-ule couples or single-sex cou-ples to have chtldren that are 
genetic defecl!> that WIll not 
lIIanlfest unlll la!cr In hfe. But !>hou ld lhe 
tcchnolob'Y ever advance to the POInt where 
It IS pO~~lblc to crca te a human clone ,afely 
Jnu "Ilhout creating defurmed babies, 
then th e ethIca l conundrum would be 
rcmoved. 

Delractors of human rcproducltve 
donlng may be 1111 mformed, but If any-
thIng, supporters arc even more mlSln -
fo rllled . P:trelH> seeking to bnng a dead 
ch Ild hack 10 !tfe or people seeking llrunor-
tJ III )' through their clone! - ~nd thosc argu-
IIlg agalmt c10nlllg based on those poten-
tla!tue, - ~Impl y do not understand the 
tcchnolob'Y· 

Identical twillS naturally occur when the 
cell, III a ferttlized embryo sp!tt Improperly, 
n'.!JlIng all off hoot embryo tl,at beWIIlCS a 
IllIrror Image uf the other ArtifiCial llIcth-
0(1\ of creallng twms, whIch have been WIde-
ly used for some time, I~ merely an CxtClblon 
of tillS, with doctors artifiCIally IIlduclIlg thiS 

bIOlogically related to them-
~elves . Another IS to produce 

children who would be Ideal transplalll 
donor~ for a desperately til existing child 
(presuma bl y we are t. llung about trans-
pla nt that would not endanger the life of 
the new chIld). 11,e ImlghLS we Obtalll from 
clonlllg rc~carch mIght abo benefit other 
fields In the !tfe sciences, allowlllg us to cure 
new dl~eascs, guarantee newborn children 
to be frec of genetic defceLS, even teach u~ 
more abo ut the aging proce~s and how to 
extend He. 

ObJccli om to c10mng can largely be 
dl\llded 11110 twO ca tegC)rte~, one largcr 
than the other. Most of the reasons gIven 
to ban c1unll1g are concern, about pOSSible 
abu cs once the technology mature!>. 
includIng wornes about the commodifica-
tIOn of human c1C)ne~, or the po~slb"lty of 
c1one~ Juually becol1l1nl( property of lhe! 
corporatton that made thelll Ilopefully, 

See PRO, PaRe 7 

Thoughts over a pint 
A new (rop of American students 

studymg abroad in Ireland brings with rt 
a new wave of ant~Americanism 

among the students and their Irish hosts. 

MONDAY 
JANUARY 13,2003 

page 5 4 

on cloning 

Reproductive cloning will have terrible 
consequences for humanity 

By MARIANNE MADDEN 
Staff Writer 

Cloning has been in the news a lot late-
ly, although it's sadly unrelated to the "Star 
Wars" franchise and instead pertains to a 
different cult, one known as the Raelians. 
The Raelians believe humanity wa begun 
by a group of aliens who cloned themselves, 
and arc linked to the company Clonaid, 
which has come forth with claims of pro-
ducing as many as 10 human clones. 

Unsurpristngly, non-Rae1ians - and (1-
enti~ts e pecially - have been keptical and 
wary of the group's claims, citIng its com-
plete lack of evidence and the inherent dif-
ficulty of cloning a human being. So far, 
Clonaid hasn't delivered on its promise to 
produce the first cloned baby, and will 
hopefully soon admit that its supposed 
breakthrough was si mply a publicity tunt. 

Cloning mammals, much like 

within a species, IS vital for a species' , uc-
cess. To pur it another way, if cloning wa!> 
conducive to the success of the human race, 
It would occur naturally. It already doc" of 
course - in the one our of about 200 bIrth , 
that results in identical twin~, making twins 
a stati tieally liny part of the overa ll hum an 
race. 

Identical twins also reveal a qUirk of 
cloning; Twins may look the same, but 
they're not the sa me person. Often tWlm 
will grow up to have completely different 
interests alld personalioes; thus, c1onll1g 
Michael Jordan for athletic abtli l\ or 
Pavarotti for musical talent (or c10llfng :t 
nch person for - what? ,reed?) could ju!>t 
as likely fail mi serably. We'd !>imply end up 
with a person who's maladjusted, mlstre,\ted 
and angry at the world for trying 10 force 
him into a mold . 

A human clone! would mo,t lIkely h,l\'c 
more profound problem, In 

bUIlding nuclear bombs, is sIm -
ple in theory but harder in prac-
tice. Dolly was cloned by remov-
IIlg a cell's 0 A and injecting it 
into an egg that had its own 
o A removed. The egg then 
divided and developed normally, 

CON 
the form of physical defOIlIll -
tics, premature aging ami .I 
host of otller problems Ih 'lI 
haven't yet been studied. Dolly 
the sheep may, In her ~I1lJII 
heep brain, be thrilled to be a 

but instead of having the D A 
from two sheep, It only has [he 0 A from 
one. Cloning is also like nuclear bombs in 
another respect: ucces is truly a scientific 
feal, but what the heck do we do with the 
end result? either cloned people nor 
nuclear bombs have the potential to make 
any posItive Impact on humankind. And for 
this overarching reason, human clones -
which numerous scientists are presently 
competing against each other to develop -
must never be created. 

That the first reason human reproduc-
live clonlllg WIll only bring evil is Ill ustra t-
ed by every crowded subway, every packed 
classroom and every square mIle of urban 
sprawl: As hUl11ans, we are spectacular at 
reproducmg ourselves the old-fashioned 
way, and we're Ighting overpopulation 
be ause of II . Sex has YCt to go OUl of ~lyle 
- and as any bIOlogIst WIll tell you, that's 
for the bcst. From a bIologIcal tandp()l11t, 
sexual reproducllon, which create variation 

mIracle of SCience, but her 
body i failing her III UIllI,U,11 

ways. The rea,om for rhis aren't under-
stood yet, and they should be before we 
even anempt to clone a human. 

onslder also that Dr. Ian Willl1ut, the 
Edinburgh embryologi sl who cloned Dolly, 
produced ovcr 200 fetuses before achlcl'lng 
success. In clontng humam, hundreds or 
even thousands morc gross ly dcforlncd 
fetuses cou ld be produced before one was 
healthy enough to grow into a filII per~() I1 . 

In light of this wastefulnc , of donlng, 
and after letting research catch up 10 th e 
technology, we're ap t to find out that 
cIonmg a human IS more trouhle tiUIl II'" 
worth, and cruel to hoot. 

So why even ri~k It? Betweell old-l.l .. h-
loned reproductton, artifiCIal ImCIlIIIl:tllon , 
tn vitrO fcrtl!t7allOn and adoption, there .lle 
pl enty of Wdy~ to Lure olle) life uf ,I I.l[k (If 
re!eklng dIapers and temper t.1I111Ulll'. '\\lel 

See CON, PURe 7 

MONDAY. JANUARY 13, ZOO} THE UCSD GUARDIAN OPINION 5 

LEIIERS TO THE EDITOR New Americans in Ireland 
reveal more bias there, here 

Living wage resolution 
poses more questions 

Editor: 
Ques tions for the A.S. 

Counci l: 
Il ow are people currcntly liv-

ing if they arc not getting paid a 
"living wage"? 

I f someone doesn't agree WI th 
your "!tving wage" policy, arc they 
pro-death? If you determine that I 
all1 pro-de:llh, can yOIl give me a 
coolnicknall1c like "Darth Vader" 
or "The Reaper'" 

' '''hy doesn't the A.S. Council 
focus on something that matters 
10 students at this school? 

\vhy don't members of the 
A ... Cou ncil donate some of their 
personal money (that they get 
paid frolll 0/11' Jm) to loca l labor 
inste:ld of forcing Others to do o? 

- Bryan Barton 
JO/}1/ !HIII/' Collegr jl/lIIo" 

UC fee hike is nothing 
to complain about 

Editor: 
Somebody has got to say it: 

Nohody should be complaining 
about the 135-per-quarter fee 
hike. \\'~ pay as milch for parking 
penl1tts. Il ere's an ide,l: "lake a 
bus, nde a bIke, walk or carpool. 
That III ItSelf would make up for 

the fcc hike. r maybe you could 
trade in your Cadillac Escalade 
and downsize to a car more fi tting 
for a srudent. Ed 'Vu was right on 
when he pointed out that even 
with the fec hike, UCSD is stili a 
bargain. If YOll ever feci sorry for 
yourself, just think of all those 
USD lhrcros paying $30,000 dol-
lars per year to attend an inferior 
school. 

, hat I don't understand is 
why we srudents will sit idly by 
while our cost of living (especially 
electricity and rent) goes through 
the roof; we pay $0.25 more per 
gallon of gas than anywhere in the 
country and our raxes arc about to 
be raised. It seems like the state of 
California and the city of San 
Diego can do whatever they want 
in the way of price-gouging, and 
some feathers are getting rumed 
over $400 a year? I t would be nice 
to have a state-funded educational 
system and pay $90 per quarter 
like in the "good 01' days," but we 
don't, and given the alternatives 
(USD and SDSU), Y, a tight-fisted 
comervative, will be content to 
fork out the extra cash . 

Ami if anyone is still furious 
about a fee hike, JUSt trace it back 
to its roOts: reckless spending by a 
Democratic state government that 
has led us to a $14 billion budget 
dclicit. Think of it as vour reward 
for voting Democrat.' And If you 
didn 't vOle for Davis and the rest 

The GtMrdian welcomes letters from its readers. Alllet-
ters must be no longer than 500 words, typed, double-
spaced and Signed With name and v·tIe. We reseNc the 
right to edit for length and daftty. Letters may be 
dropped off at the Guardian office on the second floor of 
the Student Center or e-mailed. Send all letters to: 

of the California Democrars, 
think of it as once again paying for 
someone else's stupidity. Me' I'll 
be waiting for those Bush tax cuts 
to kick 111 and make lip for the loss. 

- Evan Rowley 
Earl/Yo7UII Col/eKe pmio7' 

Advising excellence 
needs student help 

Editor: 
I have heen an academic advi-

sor at two of the six coll eges here 
at UCSD and know many of my 
colleagues at the other four. As 
ad\-isors, we take pride in our 
work and pleasure in helping stu-
clcnts attain their goals. We are 
human, of course, and may make 
an occasional mistake. But your 
recent editorial paints us with a 
very broad brush when it suggests 
that it is always the advisors' fault 
when students don 't know what 
they need to complete in order to 
graduate. You fail to consider the 
important fac t that acad~mic 
ach-i ing is a parttlership; It works 
best when the student plays an 
active role. 

r have advised hundreds of ml-
dents. Frequently, the ones who 
are most successful are those who 
have made the tilllC to meet with 
an advisor on a regular basis. 

ee LETTERS, Page 7 

The UCSD Guordian 
Opinion Edrtor 

9500 Gilman Dr. 03 16 
La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 

e-mail: letters@ucsdguardian.org 

though~ 
over a pint 

Chris Taylor 
. 

Four months have pas~ed since my arrival in Cork, [reland, and this wcek, much 
has changed. J'v10st of the American 
students have left. They have gone 
home to fini sh thclr degrees and 
tell their peers about the fabled 
alcohol con umption and fei sty 
Imh wumen. 

Because their school only allow 
them to tay for one semester, these 
srudents will quickly disappear from 
the memory of the [nsh students, as 
well as those of u American stu-
dents staying for the year. 
Schoolwork will help us forget them 
while we cram in all our reports and 
exams. Beer \villmake those memo-
ries fade quickly as long as the brew-
eries of [reland stay standing. But 
mo tiy, we \vill forget our American 
friends becau e a whole new group 
of Americans have arrived for the 
spring semester. 

They arc extremely easy to spot, 
!>ince they still have blaring 
Amencan stereotype, emanating 
from theIr every footfall. They walk 
around in 'Iarge group of 
Americans so as to gain suppOrt 
against the fo retold anti -
Americanism. TheIr normal talking 
vOIces are louder thJn an ln ~hman's 
yell, and [he), cannot under!>tand 
the Cork accent to save theIr live. 

1 realize how bad I must ha ve 
been fOlif months ago, and it's 
rather humblin g. Fortunately, 

Amcrican st\ldent~ C)lllckly reaJ./~ 
that our stereotype 1\ an embarr.I .... -
ml.{ one, '>0 the decibel level of VOIC-
es drops drastically and the group .. 
of Americans drop to IWO (,r lhree Jt 
.1 time. Thu" these ,wdent" gwen 
a week or two, WIll a .... il11t!Jte· tlno 
the Imh college culture. Reg,mlle ..... 
thl' weck, there I, a nearl" t.tnglhlc 
stram on the rdallon,llIlj hc~\ccn 
the Imh Jnd I\merican students. 
The fact lhat the ,trJIIl come, from 
,0 much stereotyping IS proof .Ind 
pOSSIble cause of the current dl'>n1.l1 
dip lomatic state between Europe 
and the Untted Stares. 

The ci rcumstance .. surroundln!! 
the arrival of these new Amencans 
have been quite di fferen t than thme 
surrounding our own arrival. TheIr 
receptton into Ireland is tied fa't to 
the current political feelings 
between Amenca and its European 
allie . Thus, it's easy to tell why 
thev arc received differently when 
looking at what has transpir~d Stllee 
our arrival in the fall : 

[n September, one year after lhe 
terrorist attacks on New \ork, the 
world gave America J good lbll of 
S)1npathy. DespIte Irrttation \11th the 

Unite~ tates, most In Europe wen: 
wtlling to side With Amerlcam, "IIK~ 
the h;tred fo r terronslll IS J ne,lrlv 
unarumous one. Furthermore, ,It lhc 
time of ollr ,lrrlvJI, Britain was br,lc-
ing for a terromt att.lck that -ri)\l) 
BIJir had recentlv said wa .. (ml\' J 
matter of time. 'Thus, Europ~~ns 
were strongly empathwng WIth the 
Unites States. 

[Iowever, .l~ IntcrnJtlonJI \o!t-
danty sub!>ldcd, (.1 .. It Jlways docs) 
and polittc donlln.lled, the u'>u ,11 
suspects of antt-Amencanl'>l11 ,lI1d 

S~e THOUGHTS, r'll!~ b 

LooKing for campus community? Diversity? Interested in activism? 
Come to ... 

Prizes Poetry 

Good times 

A 
• 

". Art 
Cultural Unity Day of Awareness 

Thursday, January 16, 2003 
11:30 am - 2:00 pm 

Freedom Writers Price Center Plaza 
SOHR Theater Troupe 

Featuring campus Organizations 
Afri can-l\m~ricall Student Union • r\Bi"'lrl a nd P"lcific-IBlallder Studen t. IIlIialice • 

Community AdvocCltce for Dieability Righte and Education • Cro!5f)-Cultur,l l Cent "'r • 
Hapa Club • International Center/Progre\m~ Abroad • Leebian Gay Biee. lIa l 

Tratlege.nder Reeourcc Center • GeiBel LIbrary • Office for Student!!.> with Di!!.>",hlit.ie~ 
• Union of Studetlt~ for Di0>lbi lity AWl;lrerte~B • Officc of RcligiouB Aff air~ • Offict: of 

Sexual Haraeemcnt Prevention & Policy • St ff .AB!'>ociatio rw • Studcrlt OffiCt' for 
Human Relat,ioriB • 1 hurgood Marehall College . Women'!:> Cent.er 

For more information, please call (858) 534-9689. If It rains, the event will be held at the Cross-Cultural Center. Sponsored by the CUDA Planning Comrl1lttee 
'Chancellor's Office, Women's Center, lGBT Resource Center, Office of Religious Affairs, Student Office for Human Relations, Cross-Cultural Center, VC Student 

Affairs Office, Assoc..la ted Students, Revelle College CounCil, MUir College Council, and the TMC Dean's Omee). 



6 OPINION 

BO Biosciences 
Pharmingen 
Dynamic Businesses 
Demand Diverse Ta lent 
At SO Siosciences Pharm ingen we seek ta lent 
with an eye for innovation and a passion for 
finding solutions. We encourage excellence 
and provide competitive salaries and _ 
benefits. _ 
Visit us on the web at .-., 
www.bdbiosciences.com/careers .. 

9BD 
BD Biosciences 

02·8100040 25 

80SA GIFT CERTIFICATES· Now Avalbhle -COCKTAIL SHAKERS 
,\\-~ 

.. . Taro Mdk..~~ush .. , l~ 
I " I / \'6;" ....... ..., .~'-'''''' 

... Almond MilllTea .. . I • } I. 
... G~~'V Slush .. . 

THE U D GUARDIAN MONDAY. JANUARY 13.2003 

Thoughts: Irish should not prejudge U.S. 
continued from page 5 

American unilateralism took over. 
While Presi dent George W Bush 
pursued the libe ration (or war-
mongering. depending on your 
view) of Iraq, students began to 
take to the streets. ow, wi th no 
recent disastrous attacks to bind 
the Unites States and Europe 
together, poli tic have pushed 
anti-Americanism up and up. 

Thus, the new American stu-
dents have to deal with much more 
disb'USt and discrimination than we 
were subjected to. 

The reaction from America n 
snldents is dlffercnr from ours as 
well. Most of the students arriving 
in eprember, eager to avoid con-
frontation in new friend hip , qui-
eti y bowed to the cri ticism of 
America, or at least refu ed to talk 
about it. Despite my own staunch 
conservatism, it was often best to 
refuse a political argument and 
have another pint, maki ng a friend 
instead of an enemy. Most would 
agree that another beer is much 
more enjoyable than another nred 
argument about the 2000 election. 

Even if a student did agree with 
the criticisms, as many did, it only 
further turned Irish sUldent activists 
against the nitcs tates. Be ides 
the cynici~m that lri,h U1dentS 
already have, these American ,U1-
dentS would IIlcrcasc the left-lean-
ing knowledge that Irish U1dents 
were alrcadr fed - further ju~rify­
ing I m h stere0l)ves of Americ. ns. 
111l1s, those Amencan , who wcrc 
so vocall)' cnocal of the .S. gov-
ernment, hun themseive, m the 
end, a wcll as those who uppor! 
the current administration . I 
watched one Amencan b"r1 com-
pletely agrce \\lth a ranting Imh 
sUldent on U1C e,ils of thc Umtes 
States only to be atracked b), that 

~ame Iri~h student for belllg 

American. 
This time around, though, wi th 

the criricisms harsher and more 
voca l, many American stude nts 
have been holding thcir ground 
instead of merely cowing under the 
pressure to disown their nationali ty. 
Most students (leftists excluded) 
have been vocally defending the 
United States, though nor necessar-
ily the Bush administration. 
Regardiess of ideology, therefore, 
suldentS are growi ng frustrated at 
being anacketl just fo r their place of 
birth. Aftcr talking to a large group 
of newly arrived merican students, 
I noted that most of thcm wcre 
already sick and tired of being held 

" Most would agree that 
another beer is much 
more enjoyable than 

another tired argument 
about the 2000 election." 
personally re pon~ibl e for Amcrican 
foreign policy and werc b'1'owing 
annoyed and irritated at the judg-
mcntal nal1lre of the Irish sl1ldents. 
A few extreme cascs involved 
Dcmocratic studcn switching to a 
Republican idtology to prove they 
\\'on't let thc criticisms gCI to ulcm. 

After being indoctrinated m the 
,icw that \\'c should Judge c,1(h 
mdl\,dual ba>ed on thc quality of 
their char Jeter (hea"cil furblll), Jnd 
nut the forcign poltc)' of their go\'-
ernment, It comcs as a gre'lt dlsap-
pomllllCnt to Amene lll ~tlIdcnts 
auroad dlat dlcy should bc attacked 
for something they have no power 
to control. 111lls, the harshcr the 
criliCl~ I1I, the more Amcncan .tu-

dents will become critical of 
Europe. Sadly, the whole cycle wi ll 
occur all over again when Amcrican 
students retu rn complaining about 
the hypocritical, ' judgmcnta l 
Europeans, and thc Europeans tell 
their peers about the obnoxious, 
warmongering Americans. 

O n top of it all , this take place 
in Ireland, which is mi ldly ami -
American compared to othcr 
European cultures. 

Admittcdly, Americans ahroad 
can be initially obnoxiou" loud 
and apparcnt ly disrespectflll of 
other cultures. However, th ese 
students learn quickl y and by and 
large blend with the I ri ~h studcnl'> 
better than the European studcnt,. 

As has been e\'ident all \lcek. 
Europeans will be vocal about 
thcir disJl!reemcnt with AmcriLIIl 
foreign p'Olicy. I lowcver, judgll1g' 
an individual by his or her nation -
ality is arguably ra 'ism, or at Ica~t 
just as horrcndolls a stercotype. ' ((I 
insult .1 person based wldy on pol -
itics th:1t that person mayor may 
not be affiliatcd WiUl is just a~ bad. 
It is sad that the majori ty of col-
Icge-aged E.urope, with If self-
proclaimed civi lized, enlighlened 
nature, will SLOOp to th e 1e\'e1 thc), 
fcel Amcrlcans arc I·cspon Ible for. 

For college srudclll'" thl" i ... 1 
b.1(1 start !() future diplomatic ne .. , 
wherein lhe diplomat> wtll be frolll 
our Ia~, rank;. S.1lllv. [he a", \\ er " 
as sllnplc ;), rcfusmg to Juoge hJ,cd 
on natlonalitv. For the thow,Jlld .. 
of intcrn.lrim;.,1 student> gOing' to 
.lIld coming frolll Ellrope or 
.\l1letll'J, \\ e necd to grow up 
before \\ c ge l IIllO p(l,iuom of 
po\\'er. 

ThiS Amencon m Europe con be 
reached between Gumnesses at 
c1ms_ln_cork@yahoo.com. 

COLLEGE LEADERSHIP OPPORTUNITIES 
Are you looking for a challenging and exciting job next year? Gain valuab le leadership and job experience! 
Apply to be a Resident Advisor/House Advisor or Orientation Leader at one of the six Colleges. 

See below for where to pick up an appl ication and deadl ines to apply: 

Resident Advisor Orientation Leader 
College Deadline/Applications at: Deadline/ Applications at: 

~ January 24th January 31 st ~\. <~ ~ c" c,:, REVELLE Residence Life Of fice or College Cen ter or . ~ . . - . -. 
"C' "'" ... Student Activities Center or Dean's Office 

II MUIR January 13th January 31st Residence Life Office, 6:00pm Academic Advi Sing Office 
~ January 24 th February 7 th MARSHALL Apps at Info Sessions at OVL Dean's or Jan. 10, 14 , 16, 20, 22 Academic AdviSing Office 

, .. v.,.."" 
January 24 th January 31 st 

' ) WARREN 4:00 pm Noon Residence Li fe Office Dean's Office r ....... 
~~~~ 

ROOSEVELT January 22nd February 7th r .r ~"u~ •• R'; "1\11 rill. 4:00 pm Noon 
' ''',. 

& International House Residence Life Office Academic AdviSing Office 

#.. January 31st January 31st SIXTH 4:00 pm 4:00 pm Residence Life Office Dean's Office 

MONDAY. JANUARY 13,2003 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

Pro: Potential abuses no reason to ban clones 
continued from page 4 

the reasons why reinsta ting lav-
ery wou ld be bad are sufficiently 
obVIOUS that we need not dawdle 
on this point. 

Other worries include the pos-
~ ibilir)' that clunes might be su b-
jCct to prej udice :lI1d second-class 
cl llzcmhip, or that peo ple mi ght 
pllrsue cloning for unreasonable 
purpuses. (The Raelians present 
themselvcs as an exa mple.) The 
worry that cloning might lead to a 
futurc society ovcrly focused on 
discrimination by genetics. lead-
ing to the dystopia portrayed by 
Aldous I luxley in his book, "Brave 
New \ arid," where dumb but 
strong clones arc created to be 
ruled by an ultra -intell igent elite. 

On the surface, these are very 

convincing reasons to halt 
rcsea rch on cloning, but upon 
closer examination, they don 't 
reall y apply at all. Bannll1g c10nmg 
beca use of the worry that clones 
might becomc slaves would be like 
banning childbirth because of the 
worry that the child mi ght be 
abused. Wc do nor ban automo-
biles because people die in auto 
accidcnt. . We do not ban kitchen 
knives beca use people have been 
ki ll ed using them. T he correct 
solution to these real and genuine 
concerns against cloning is to 
introd uce legislation to preve nt 
abuse of the technology, not intro-
duce legislation to prevent the 
technolub'Y completely. 

Then the re are the objections 
to the act of cloning itself from 

peoplc who consider the very act 
of cloning to be abhorrent, aga ll1 ~ t 
nature ano against God . These are 
objections that arc Illuch harder to 
di ssect because they stem from 
deep-sea ted biases that ca nnot be 
swayed by logic: our uncon .. CIUUS, 
unbending fear of the Other. 
Besides bcing bard lO dislodge, it 
IS also very difficliit to convi nce 
oll1cone who docs nor share these 

bi ases. I, for one, have never fig-
ured Out why so man y heli eve 
cloning to be an act against God, 
or why there should be any ques-
tion a t all tha t a clone has a soul. 
The Bible certainly does not say 
that there is anything unholy 
about reproduction through adult 
somatic cells, and neither should 
we. 

Con: N o good can come from cloning 
continued from page 4 

reali stica lly, if an adult is conceitcd 
enough to want a clone. that person 
IS not fit to rai sc a child . Children, 
c10ncd or otherwise, require 
unsclfishness, paticncc and most 
importantly, the opportuni ty to 
g'row into" uniqllc being - one 
that ne\'er existed before and will 
nevcr cx"t aga ill. Lllcki ly, this docs-
n't happen to identical twins. hilt 
tWillS Ol'Clir natur.tlly and Spont.l-
ncollsl" - a hUlllan clone wouldn'!. 

,\nother reason to abandon 
rcproductlve cloning IS its ncg:ltlve 
IInpacl on therapeutic cloning; that 
IS, the use of stem cell;, to clone 
organs ami treat diseases such as 
P.l rkinsnn's. ThiS ~Ort of c10nlllg 
11.Is ItS o\\'n ethical and technical 
problems to work out. but 
nonctheles it should be regarded 
as a va luable trca tment for degen-
cr.ltive and genetic disease - and 

one thal, unlikc reproductive 
cloning. rcspcctS tht! s, nctity of 
human life. Reproductive cloning 
is alre'loy tJrnishing the replltation 
of thi s promising technology, and i 
pu tting it futllre in Jcopardy. 

The human race, as a whole, has 
nothing to gain frolll cloning. The 
Raelians, of course, think other-
wise. Accurding to the cult 's 
founder, who goes by the name 
RJcI, "The goal is to give humans 
clcrnal life through cloning. The 
Ulllll1.llC goal WIll he to crcate a 
completely artificl.1I human bell1g." 
\Vhal, like 3 ' I'\vinkie? Completely 
artificial. and With J ~helflifc of SOD 
),cJr,' Sounds like sam cone has 
rcad "Brave Ncw World" one too 
many tlilles and is now repul ed by 
tht idea of viviparous reproduction 
- and assumes that cloning repre-
scnts progress, which it wouldn't. It 
would only create a stagnancy of 

the human gene pool and the even-
U1al dehumanization and posslbl c 
demise of the human race. 

Reproductive cloning would 
open a Pandora's box of rrightcnll1g 
ethical, gene tic and medical issue" 
so let's cast away the box before we 
come any closer to opening it. If we 
are destined to clone our elves, 
then Nature, not a bunch of zea l-
ous SCientiSts, will make it so. 

Some good has risen from 
Clonaid's claims of success in 
human c1uning: It has renewed 
lawmakers' efforts to pass bills that 
ban the procedure. Rcp. MIke 
Pence (R-Ind.) ~peaks of "genuine 
enerb'Y" to push an anti-doning bill 
tllrough thc enate. Let'~ hope that 
thiS energy stop the Sick race 
bctween maverick scientists to cre-
ate human clones and frees 
America from the futility and cru-
elty of cloned humans. 

• 

The Office of Admissions and Relations 
with Schools is looking for students who 
are interested in promoting UCSO. If you 
are enthusiastic about your experience 
here at UCSD and would like to share 

OrlN I.>N 7 

Letters: Racist comment 
by Lott was worth the furor 

concmued from page 5 
Thesc students read the catalog, 
speak with their major depart-
mcnt advisor, and think through 
thc va rious chol ce~ ,Ivmlable to 
thcm here at CSD. They tell u~ 
their plans, ask qucslIom .. 15k for 
advice and scek rea s~urance that 
they arc on tracy, lhereby heari ng 
their requirements not unce but 
several times. They allow us to 
get to know them bettcr, and we 
then ca n make sugge tions tai-
lored to their particular needs, 
interests and dreams. 

I urge all students who are 
looking for excellent academic 
advising to come in and engage us 
often. We are here to help. 

- Te rri C ain 
ACllde'l1lic Adviso7; J ohn MlIIr College 

Lott's statements not 
excused by others' acts 
Editor: 

In response to Duslin Frelich\ 
article 0 11 Trent Lon (jan. 9 Issue 
of the CuardlOlI), It should be 
noted that. whether or not .\Ir. 
Lott is actuallv a racist. and 
whether or not the Dcmocra ts 
ha ve acted equally Hupldly m 
thclr time, and whethcr or not 
affirmative action IS "Just as 
racist" (yawn .. . havcn't we gone. 
over th" bcfore?) - regardless of 
thc true, a;'lurcdly hideous naturc 
of the Republi can and 
Democratic parties, Sen. Lon 
should watch hIS damn mouth . 

He is a prolTUncnt government 

figurc, ~o what he 5ay~ 111 puhlic, 
even If It is at JUSl a small, In"gnlf-
icant birthday party (full of calll-
eras and reporters), makc~ :1 dif-
ference. 

Citizens of the nltrd St.ltl:' 
have a right to feel welcoll1c. 
\Nhen a ~e nator nmtalgl l'ally 
endor,e, .1 ca mpai gn thJt ran on 
raCist poliCIes, that\ b.ld. lie 
might not have remembered -
but the rest of the country doc.,. 
It may not have been 1I1<,iICIOUS. 
but It was kind o f stupid, :lI1d 
high-profile stupiditi es thJt 
make people feel unwelcoll1e 
becau e of their skin color lire .1 
big deal. 

And if the Democrats are al.,o 
bcmg stupid, that's a big deal too, 
and I praise ,vlr. Frelich filr decry-
ing them. But at the sa me ClIne, 
it 's very stupid to use that to 
excuse Sen. Lott. So if former 
Democratic Prcsldent Bill 
Clinton jumped off J Imdgc ... 
you know how It ends. 

As for the rcs t of the arucle, 
and the remark; .lbOUl group; , .... 
mdlvidu.II." con'>pl ra l'}, theone, 
and the 11IStory of the Civil \\'.11'. 
none (If ir reali), perrJm~ to Lou'" 
oafishness. so I'll lea\'e It to the 
poliucal sClencc mJJor., to rhra,h 
out 111 seCtion. 

I wtll say, though, that It \\ ." 
prctty gnarly to sce Trent Lou on 
Black Entertainment ' lclc\l.,lIl11. 
Kind of likc seeing Presldcnt 
Bush in a mosque, you kllow; 

- Ted McCombs 
Rrvelle Col/I'ge JI III/VI 

Another way to talk back: Guardianboard 
http://www.ucsdguardian.org 

EXPLORE 
IHE 

WORLD! 
STUDY ABROAD! 

The UC Education Abroad Program (EAP) and the UCSD 
Opportunities Abroad Program (OAP) offer study, work. 
travel, and internship opportunities allover the world . 

Some Appl ica tion Deadlines are SOON! 
your perspective with prospective 

students, come check out the College 
Ambassador Program. Co llege 
Ambassadors are paid student 

employees who conduct walking tours of the UCSD campus 
and give presentations to groups both on and off campus. 

Important Information 
Sessions on EAP & OAP 

For additional information, please attend one of 
the follOWing information sessions: 

Wednesday, January 22, 3-4 pm 
in the Price Center Berkeley Room 

Thursday, January 23, 1:30-2:30 pm 
in Gallery B at the Price Center 

Appliconls ore encouraged 10 toj(e a campus lour befOle opplying !Mon. - Sol 01 11 
am. excepl holidays and holiday weekends. deporting from the theater lobby 01 the 
Price Cenlerl. Interested s1udenls should aHend on information se!.Sion or pkk up on 
application at the Campus Tours Office located in the theater lobby at the Price Center. 
Applications wiN also be distributed 01 the inlofmofion sessions and should be completed 

and Ntumed to the Campus Tours o.c. by 4:00 pm. Friday. January 24, 2003. 

Talk with students returning from abroad! 

• Earn Academic Credit 
• Financial Aid Available 
• Thousands of Dollars in Scholarships 

Wednesday, January 15th 
7pm in the International Center Lounge 

For more information call 534-1123, or abroad@ucsd.edu 
UCSD Programs Abroad Office 

(Across from Center Hall on Library Walk) 
V'NIW.ucsd.edu{tcenter/pao 



CAMPUS CALENDAR 

MON. JAN. 13 
ARTS 

No Painting on Painting. January 13·17. 
Exhib.tion from current UCSD Graduale 
Students. Herbert Marcus Gallery, UCSD, 
Visual Arts Facility. 

CAREER 
Evening with Industry, 7pm. San 

FranCIsco Room . (ome meet with the repre-
sentatives from vanous companies .n San 
Otego, featuring Qualcom. Raytheon. and 
more! 

Finding a Job in a Tough Economy. 
11 :30am·12:30pm (areer ServICes (enler. 
It's a little harder than rt used to be to find a 
Job. Attend th.s workshop to learn how to 
use job Ilstrngs creatIVely, how to network 
smarter, how '0 approach companies directly. 
and more! 534.3750. 

LECTURES 
"US Security Interests in the Asia 

Pacilic." IRiPS Aud"ollum. 4:30pm. Admrral 
Thomas Fargo, (ommander of U.S Paafk 
Command will report on recent talks in China 
and India. discuss the tense situation on the 
Korean Peninsula, and provide personal per· 
spect,ve on security challenges facing the U.S 
,n Asia·PacrfiL 

TUES. JAN. 14 
ACADEMICS 

PASS meeting. 7pm, (115 Premeds and 
Knspy Kremes?!l 

ARTS 
(ross (ultur.1 Cent.r Film Series: "The 

(alar of Foar"·-Pnce (enter Theater, 7pm 
Eighl men of diverse backgrounds gather 
under Ihe dHect.on of seminar leader Lee 
Mun Wah to diSCUSS therr expenence With 
ractsm. (90 min). An tnformal d.scussion w,lI 
fo llow the film screening (osponsored wrth 
the UCSD Universrty Centers. 

CAREER 
Interviewing to Win. 11 :30am· 12 :30pm 

'Q (areer ServICes (enter. In today's tough 
economy, your JOb .nleMew can make or 
break an employer s dec.s.on to hrre you. 
Attend thIS workshop to learn ,nteMeW'"g 
techniques that w.1I help you start slrong and 
be a w,"ner! 534.3750. 

Prolusional & Graduate School 
Application Basics: Relerell<' letten & 
Application Essays, 2·3pm Career SeMCes 
Center. Need some tipS for wntlng your pra-
fess"",al or grad school appltcallon essays' 
Try'"g to f.gure oul whom to ask for a refer· 
enCe letter? Don~ m.ss th.s .nformatlVe pro· 
g.am that will gIVe you an edge when apply· 
Ing for graduate and profess,onal schools. 
534 4939 

HEALTH 
Siudent Health Advocates · JOtn Now' 

Ollentat.ons w,lI be held today 3 45pm tn 
tre Santa Ba.bara Rm or 5pm In Gallery B 
,n Pllce (ente. See Jan. t5th and 16th fo. 
mOre ollentat lOn times Attend one of these 
!.esslons to get your appiJcClbon to d"us 
dynamIC student org' 

WED. JAN. 15 
ACADEMIC 

Ask an En,innr, 7·9pm. library Lounge 
Gallery B Workshop sponsored by Tau Beta 
P. every quarter 10 benefit underdassmen and 
Iransfer students .nterested In leatnlng male 
aboUl be.ng In an englneellng maJOr 

Procrams Abroad Generallnlo Session. 
7pm, InternatIOnal Center Lounge. It's a b.g 
world oUl there! Come learn about study, 
work. .ntemshlp. and travel Opportunrt lfS 
around the globe Earn UC cred" for many 

THE U D GUARDIAN 

for the week of 
Jan. 13 to 19 

programs. Fin.ncial aid and scholarsh.ps 
available. Don't miss oUl, call 534.1123, 
abload@ucsd.edu. 

CAREER 
Identifyin, Your Car ... Choices. 8:30-

9:30am (areer SeMces Cenlel. Using our 
new (HOICES 2002 software program and 
the guidance of a career adVIsor, identify spe-
otic v.able career options that match your 
Interests, education, deSired earnings, etc. 
S.gn up .n advance Small group workshop 
Call 5343750. 

Bioengineering: Ca.ee. Options .. 
Graduat. Study. 10-11 :30am Career Panel 
Career ServICes (enter. Learn aboUl career 
and graduale school possibllrt.es In thiS eXClt· 
.ng field. Panel members w.1I .ndude faculty 
and .ndustIY representalrves. 514.3750. 

Resume Writing Fo. Intemships. 5· 
6:15pm Career Services (enter. Need help 
developing a resume for Internsh.p poslhons? 
Attend th,s workshop to g~ I.ps on how to 
wrrte a winning Internship resume 5143750 

HEALTH 
Student Health Advocates Orientat.ons 

will be held today @ 9am in Gallery A and @ 
4pm .n Gallery B, Pnce Cenler. 

LECTURES 
"F. Scott Fillcerald Thinks Ove. THE 

GREAT GATSBY." Professor Ronald Berman. 
DepL of Lnerature, UCSD. 7 :.3Opm. Peterson 
Hall, Room 110 Free and open to the public. 
Startmg in 1924, F. Scott F'lOgerald began 
wrrttn8 The Great Gatsby. ~ was dest.ned to 
be the great AmerICan novel of the 20th cen· 
luIY Bul, although, rltZgerald knew how 
good rt was, he had many doubts about rts 
reception. HIS lenel1 to h.s editor Max 
Perk,ns are one of the great documentary 
records of how a novel goes through the 
press-gelling rewllnen all the time. 
rltZgerald's long d.senchanted correspon· 
dence shows what was going on thlough hIS 
mind what he thought about h,mse~, hIS 
aud.ence-and the characters of h.s novel 
The letters are an unequaled view of what rt 
was like wrrting In Amellca In the middle of 
the twenhes. 

THURS. JAN 16 
ACADEMICS 

Bioion' Department Stud!y Abroad 
M .. tin" 5pm, 2130 Bonner Ha ll. I(s not just 
for Humanrt,es maJOrs' (ome learn about 
study abroad programs offered for BIOlogy 
maJOrs In a vanety 01 countlles. Ea.n U( credo 
it. finanCIal aid and scholarsh.ps ava.lable. 

ARTS 
Cultu.aI Unity Day of Awateness 

(CU DA):·-Prke (enter Plaza. 11 :30am. This 
rally and festival will feature performances by 
Korean drummers, Student Office of Human 
Relations theater troupe, and poetry by the 
Freedom Writers. Enjoy collabolating. sharing 
infonmation and resources. and celebrating 
yow eXistence and activism at UCSD. 

CAREER 
finding An Internship Thah Right Fo. 

You,llam·12:15pm (areer ServICes 
(enter. Wrth so many internships out there. 
whICh ones are light for you? Learn aboUl the 
benerrts of internships. assessing your .nler-
eSlS, and searching for internships. 534.3750. 

MBA: Preparinc For And Applyine To 
Business School, 2·3pm Career Services 
Center. Interested In gett ing a Master's in 
bUSiness admlOistration? Don~ mIss th,s info 
seSSIOn! Find out about the academk prepa· 
ratIOn. application p.ocess, and expelience 
needed to apply to business school. 
5344939 

On·Came .. : Primc. InteNiews For 
Employment (sign up), 2-4pm @ Career 
SeMCes Center. Practice answellng ,nterview 
quest.ons on camera. Impr~ your delivery 
and get feedback from your pee~ and an 
adVisor (2·hour workshop). limited space. 
534.3750 

HEALTH 
Student Health Adlrocatts O.ientations 

WIll be held today @ 11 am .n the San 
Francisco Rm and @ 5:30pm .n Gallery B. 
PrICe (enter. 

LECTURES 
History of _ine Science Ledure 

Series by Dr ErIC L M.lls. Noon· I :3Opm, 
Scripps InstrtutlOn of Oceanography. Hubbs 
Hall (onference Room The Oceans .n the 
anaent world, part II. The Earth and the 
oceans mapped. 

FRI. JAN. 17 
ACADEMICS 

PrOC'ams Abroad Deadlines. Programs 
Abroad Office. AppllCattons due Jan. 17 tor 
W <Judy abroad programs in Australi. 
(Biology). China. France, Hong Kong. India, 
Ko.ea, South Africa, and Turkey. Don't miss 
out! Go to v.ww.ucsd.edu{lCfnter/pao for 
Jan. 24 dead"n ... 

ARTS 
No Painti", on Painting. January 13·17. 

Exhibition from current UCSD Graduale 
Students. Reception: 7·9pm. 
Food/Drinks/Live Music. Free. Herbert Marcus 
Gallery. UCSD. Visual Arts Facility. 

Habib Koill! and Bamada, 7:30pm @ 
Mandeville Auditorium. Returning to San 
Diego for another electrifying performance. we 
are proud to bring Habib Koite and Bamada 
all the way from West Africa. Growing up with 
traditional Malian musk as well as blues, soul. 
and rock and roll. Koite has created a style all 
his own which has g.ined him a following all 
across the globe. TIckets: GA: l20; Sr. Citizen: 
118; Student: l15 

CAREER 
MaIO", The Most Of A Job Fair, 11 am· 

12:10pm Career Services (enter. Get ready 
for the upcoming Winter Job Fdir on Wed, Jan 
22! Attend this prog.am to learn how to 
approach employers, what to say to them, 
what to weal, and more! Bring your resume 
for a critique! 534.3750 

SAT. JAN 18 
ACADEMICS 

No PaintinC on 'ainti", Panel 
Discu5Sion. Earnest Silva. Doris Bittar, Raul 
Guerrero. 2pm. UCSD. Visual Arts Facility. 

C L U B S 
Annual Martin LutM. Kine. / •. Pa.ade--

bus departs 8:30am at Sun God. Sign·ups are 
available at the 6 colleges and the (ross· 
Cultural Center. For more info: 858.514.1585. 
Sponsored by the Martin Luther King. Jr. 
Parade (ommittee. 

RECREATION 
Martial Artists Get Together!! Noon, 

Warren Field near the volley· ball courts (ome 
learn OR teath Karate! Fun for everyone!!!! 
(ontact Phan 408·307·8290, 
p3 huynh@Ucsd.edU. 

WEEKLY 
CAREER 

Ca.ee •• Intemship. and Job Advisinc. 
Need help finding an .nternsh.p. searching for 
a job. or exploring career options? Want to 
polish your resume and boost your interview 
skills1 Don~ wait unt,l graduation to get 
advice and information! Stop by the Career 
SeNkes (enter today or call (858) 534·3750. 
Ask US about appointments and drop·in advis· 
ing hours, 

Apptyi", to Prof .. si ...... or G.acluat. 
School? K you're interested in pursuing an 
advanced degree after UCSD in medkine, law 
business, teaching. psychology. fine arts, SC.· 
ence. or other fields. the Career SeMCes 
Center is THE place to be! Our resou'ce 
library f.atUfes helpful handouts. directorlfS, 
catalogs. and videos packed WIth info on 
application requirements, admission tests, fel· 
lowships. interviews, and more. Make an 
appo.ntment to see one of our expert advi· 

SO~. (B58) 534-4939 
Deadlines to apply for EAP fall. summer. 

and year programs coming up .n January. 
Look them up at websrte: eap.ucop.edu. 

Don~ miss out on your d.eam destination! 
C L U B S 

• CoU .. e Democrats @ UCSD Weekly 
Meeting. Thursdays @ 7 pm. Get involved, 
become a leader. join the spirited progressives 
In the College Democrats. More IOfo: 
http://stuorg.ucsd.edu/ - ucsddems Feminist 
Majority Leadership Alliance weekly meetings, 
4:30-5:30 .n the Women's (enter on 
Thursdays. 

Trampi", Oub Meetines: like to h.ke? 
Come on some g.~at hikes of the SO area 
with som. super cool people! Meetings 1st 
and 3rd Mondays of every month at 6pm in 
PC Theater Lobby. 

MONDAY, JANUARY I), 200J 

• sports Ca. Club Weekly Meetings, Thursdays 
@ TBA. Interested in learning more about cars 
and getting actively involved in legal, sanc· 
tioned racing? Drop by our weekly meetings. 
All are welcome. More info: 
hnp:/lautos.groups.yahoo.com/group/sccucsd 

HEALTH 
Student Health is here for YOU! We're a 

full service clinic open to ALL registered stu· 
dents. You can use all the services of Siudent 
Health regardless of your health insurance sta· 
tus! Appointments fOI physician visits and spe· 
cialty clinics. Call 534·8089. Walk·in for 
Urgent Care weekdays 8am·4:30pm (Weds. 9· 
4:10pm). Visit us online: www.ulsd.edu/shs 

CHOLESTEROL TESTS · at Student Health 
ONLY 15.00. immediate results! Sign up onhne 
at www.ucsd.edu/shs. Questions? (all a 
Health Educator at 534·2419. 

Emergency (ontraception. annual exams, 
STD tests, pregnancy tests, birth control pre· 
scriptions, and health education .. all at Ihe 
Women's Clinic of Student Health. Call 534· 
8089 for app!. (ompletely confidential .. 
always. 

Anonymous HIV t.stine @ Student 
Health. Walk in to sign up in the Health Ed 
Depanmen~ 2nd floor. S10.oo charge includes 
pre· and post· counseling with a peer educa· 
tor. Questions? (all a Health Educator @ 534· 
2058. 

Pte. Education Progrims are provided by 
Student Health Advocates on Nutrition, HIV, 
Fitness, Sltess. Sexual Hea~h. & other topics- at 
your res hall or student OIg. meetings! (all 
534-2419 for info on these FREE programs! 

flU SHOTS- for registered studenls, al 
Student Health. Walk In' 8· 11 am MIT ITh/F 9· 
llam Weds. 1 :30-3:30 pm M·F. (ost : SIS 
More info at wwv·.ucsd.edu/shs 

Weicht Management Clinic .. led by a 
dietrt .. n and a physici.n. Meets every 
Thursday at 3:00 pm in the Student Health 
(onference Room, 2nd floor A FREE servICe 
to students. More info at www ucsd.edu/shs. 

NUTRITION COUNSELING .s available for 
students at Student Health ServICe. One-on· 
one counseling with a RegIStered D,etRlan. 
(all to make your appointment: 858.534.8089 

RELIGIOUS 
Shabbat Services & Dlllner, 6:30pm Flldays 

@ International (ente •. Jo,n the JewISh com· 
munity for Shabbat services followed by a free 
koshe. dinner. 

How to let published in the 

CAMPUS 
CALENDAR 

Guard .. n Campus Calend ... 

submissions may be turned in at the 

Guardian office. upstairs .n the Studenl 

(enler, or faxed to 

(858)534-7691. 

If ema.led, please send to 

ad,.ucsdCuardlan.orc and 

specify that it is a calendar 

submisSIOn. Late ema~ submisSIOnS 

will nol be published. 

Deadline I. 3pm Thursday. 

CAN YOUR WORLD 
CHANGE THIS QUARTER? Research Dppononltv lor Women with PolvcvsUc Ovarian Syndrome (PC OS] 

Each quarcer UCSD 
students from every 
major enroll in PAL 
classes. 99% of 

(he courses and 
(he inStructors. 

ENROLL 
TODAY!!! 
TEP 130: 
Mentonng ,n 
Elementary 

Schools 
TEP 136: 

TutOring in 
Secondary 

Schools 
TEP 138: 
Preuss School 

TutOring 

fUll IIlOf C 

UlIOrmJL'1fI .. i It 
UH 17 .. 1 ...... , 

If you have any of these symptoms: 
• Irregular Periods 

• Exessive Body or Facial Hair 
• Infertility 

Then you may have Polycystic Ovarian Syndrome. 

Dr. Robert Henry and his associates at the VA San Diego are 
looking for female volunteers (both veteran and non-veteran) 
to participate in a research study evaluating the effects of a 

study drug for Polycystic Ovarian Syndrome. 

COMPENSATION FOR TIME AND TRAVEL 
UP TO $1600 

Call for details at 858.822.1339 

MONDAY. JANUARY 11. 2003 
, 

TilE UCSD GUARDIAN 

O'Connell: State in 'difficult' financial period 
COllWltred {rolll page I 

Califurnia Slate schools and 
community colleges throughout 
the sta te arc al~o experiencing the 
hike in tuilion payments. 

O'Connell enters the executive 
office of the St,ttc's Department of 
Educallon at a tim e when 
California faces a $3 5 billion 
deficit. Schools all over the state 
are faci ng budget cuts dlat will 
affect programs, admi nistrations 
and ntdenr services alike. Among 
these are the K-12 Outreach 
Prograllls, which had already bcen 
allocated $10.9 million less than in 
the 200 1-02 budget. 

Other officials present during 
the inauguration included assem-
blywolllan Hrlda Solis and Rules 

ottltllittee Chairman Joe ation. 
Soli s and other close friend s, 
Including O'Connell's sisrer, alw 
>poke dur ing the occasion. One 
highli ght of the ceremony was 
when the Oxnard Il igh chool 
marching band from O'Connell's 
Jlma mater played music to kick 

off the event. 
"It was a really special momellf 

to have the kids there," said Molly 
Culver, a representative of rhe 
O'Connell [naugural COttlmittee. 
"It was e.xciting LO see Jack come in 
hili circle in his profe.~sional career." 

Responding to a speech by the 
governor lha t ca lled to expedite 
$5 .5 billion from the new 
Proposition 147 school bond 
passed III November 2002, 

'Connell al 0 said, "Recognizing 
that we are in difficult financial 
time, it is crucial that we maximize 
our historic investmellt in public 
education." 

Born in New York, O'Connell 
moved to Southern California 
with his family when he was 7 
years old. [[ e received degrees 
frotlt CalifornIa State Universiry 
Fullerton and got teaching cre-
dential s at Caltfornia State 
Universiry Long Beach. 

O'Connell taught in Ventura 
County for five years before going 
into rhe political arena . In 1982, 

he became the 35th District State 
Assemblyman and was elected to 
the State Senate in 1994. [n his 
two decades in the state legisla-
ture, O'Connell promoted such 
iss ues as increased sa laries for 
teachers and funding for school 
construction . 

"A key factor to ensuring that 
our chi ldren are ready to learn 
when they walk through the school 
door is making sure dley enter a 
building conducive of learning," he 
said . 

O'Connell also wrOte the bill 
that allowed no more than 20 sru-
dents per classroom in kinder-
garten through third grade. 

Superintendent Jack 
O'Connell will be hosti ng recep-
tions throughout the st3te of 
C:llifornia this week for a series of 
inaugural celebrations. [[ e will be 
at the Joe Rindon e Regional 
Technology Center in San Diego 
on Jan. 18 to meet with local 
chool boards, educators and 

other communiry leaders. 

COMPUTER SERVICE & REPAIR 
FAST Turn Around Times - Don't Wait 

Days to Get Your Computer Sack! 

We sell New and Used pes and Laptops 

• Desktop/Laptop Repair • Competitive Rates 
• Upgrades (memory, harddrive, etc.) • FAST Service 
• Printer Repair • In-Store/On-Site* 

Loft Systems has been serving UCSD since 1990. Conveniently 
located near UCSD across from the EI Torito restaurant. 

'Pickup and delivery service may also be available in your area (call for details). 

UCSD VA Mid. ek. Mon. - Fri. 9 a.m. - 6 p.m. I Sat 10 a.m. - 3 p.m, 
La Jolla Village D •. II m a ll ~ !! ~ '0 3211 Holiday Court, Ste. 102 .., Holiday Ct. 

ii:i to La Jolla, California 92037 -' 

. obel Dr . 

!! 858.554.1265 :> 
www.l oftsyslemS .com 

"AN EXCITING OPPORTUNITY FOR THOSE 
THINKING OF A CAREER IN MEDICAL RESEARCH" 

"i~ THE SAM AND ROSE 
,. S TEIN I NSTITUTE FOR 

__ R ESEARCH ON A GING AT UCSD 

5 I R A 
PRESENTS 

The 2003-2004 
Student Investigator Program 
For Undergraduate Students at UCSD 

Interested In Aging Research 
Each year, elghl to len pa)'roll grant. (maxllllum of $8,000) arc awardcd to 
• elected undergraduate 'Iudent. illtcrt,led in .cicntific rcsearch on the disease, 
a»odated with aging and other age-related rc.carch. Tili, i. an exciting 
opportunity thai enables ,ludell I. IIIlcre ted m a career in Illcdicallbiolugic:.1 
research to work wtlh a IRA faculty scientlSt/mcntor in designing and 
IIl1plemenring a rcsc.uch project. P.tst cxperience has hown that students who 
parttcip.tlcd in th t> program hJve often successfully ompeted for po>itions in 
mcdiColVbiologl(alresearch and education. 

All SI RA fa<llity ",emhe", the" re,e.«h .ntereM and Annu.11 Report' of 
Ihe.r re,".,,(h Jd.Vlty arc h.ted on the SI RA web, lie mdtl:ated below. If you 
haw Jill' Ilu6l1um, plca,e ",nl.ll'l J. Adalll ;'Idgralll, exe(Ullve dtrc.:tlll, 
(HSK) ~ H ~~O~, III tllla.1 JnltlJ;,"Ill~II Itl: ,d edu. 

Applications can be obtained at the Stein Clinical Research 
Building, Room 146, UCSD School of Mlldlclne or on the SIRA 

website: http:// SIRA.ucsd.edu under "Programs." 

Applications Due: April 30, 2003 
SelectIOn of applicants. May, 2003 

Program dates' september 1, 2003 August 31. 2004 

r-----------

BRENDAAnAMS 
(formerly at 'R.MO UTC) 

now at 
SALON IEAUI GENS 

50% 
OFF* 

.. Hairctlt, reg S40 
"Up dO or Maketl-p, reg S45 
"Coloror Foil HiLites, rtg.$-Is. 

$75 I Coupon va/.d wirlt Brenda only. 
I 
I 

7770 Regents Rd . 
151,657.9226 151.22',4157 L. __________ _ 

STAY TUNED FOR DETAILS . 
VALENTINE ISSUE FEB. 13 

BRAIN IMAGING 
SLEEP RESEARCH 

NEWS 9 

Do you normaJly sleep 6 hours or less a night and 
have no problem with drowsiness during the day? 

OR 
Do you normally sleep 9 hours or more a night in 

order to feel ref reshed and ready to take on the day? 

[f you answered yes to one of these questions and are 
a healthy native English speaking adult between the 
ages of 18-59 with no history of alcohoUdrug abuse 
or psychiatric disorders you may be eligible. Research 
is conducted by UCSD faculty and takes place at the 

Veterans Affairs Medical Center in La Jolla. 

Volunteers Compensated Financially 

For more information please contact (6I9J 553-8410. 

Still haven't paid reg fees? 

~~ ::~::: ~:~r ~_ i ~~_I \" \----"" ...... - ... 
~~lE a.~~ dents ~. ?>-\\s\U 7th 

r.,.o<' ~.1 
,~ ~~ 
Don't get dropped! 

You don't need to pay it all now. 
Sign up for the Triton Registration Installment Plan 

TRIP allows you to pay your registration fee in 
3 monthly installments for a minimal fee. 

For more information and a TRIP application, 
visit our University Billing Services website at 

hHp://WWW·bfs.ucsd.edulsbSlbilling.html or call 858-534-7537. 

Y-I.~ 
~ 

Mon. -Fn. -Sat 9AM-6PM 
Tues. Wed. Th 9-8PM 
SUIl Rotarlonly 1' ·5PM 

Outstanding Haircuts 
Color specialists 
Perms 
Highlights 
Corrective Color 
Special Occasion Styling 
Make up Applications 
Manicures 
Facials & Waxing 
Men and Women 
We CO II'l 
Avedo, Motrix 
& JDico products 

858/457-3334 
••• - -- - --1 

SlOOFF1: (YII'/OM $5 OFF 
Any Perm, 
Color, 01' 
Highlight 
WIth thr. o..:t 

8843 Villa La Jolla, La Jolla 
(In the La Jolla VII/ago COllter) 
Near Sav-on Wholo Foods M/o./ 



Hungry? 

FEATURES Find out If the food you're eating meets health regulation s. MONDAY JANUARY 13, 2003 

u 
A UCSD student travels 

to Ghana and tries to 
make a difference 

Sometimes, a Simple Idea ran go ;1 long \\a\ . That i, what Fleanor Roo,c\,clt College IUl110r Ben Thomas, who IS .pendlng thl., 
year ahroad 111 Ghana, recently di~c()\'ered 

after wI messing a heJrtbreaklllg lIuation . 

page 13 

frica 

Short!\ after hiS arn\'al .n the L'1l1\,ersit\ of 
Ghana In ' August, he met \I'Ilh Ule president of the 
1I111\'erSlty's Rotary Club \0 ~ee how he could help 
The president wanted to make a small donation to 
the cluldren', block of the Korle-Bu Hospital, 
knowing that thc condition. there were bad. Thc~ 
were hoping to gl\'c a couple hundred dollars worth 
of food. Thomas and other 1I1embers of ule club 
\1sltcd the ho pital , but they were not prepared for 
\\ hat they saw. 

medical artenuon, the death 
rale IS \'cry high. The staff 
IIl11,t watch the children suf-
fer Jnd (he or slowly reco\'er 
\llIh reSidual lilsabilltlcs. 
Furthermore. high death 
ratcs break f31Il1I}: ue~ and 
the infrastructure that holds 
together much of Ghanaian 
.,oelct)'. When a child is sick, 
the ctllid - and usually a 
p.lrCIlt - cannOl contribute 
10 the fan1l1"'5 income. As a 
result, the family is impov-
erished and economic 

Not enough room: Three babies lie on one bed due to lack of space and supplies. 

Becat~~e 11 IS a puhllc hospital, It recci\'es little 
funding, and consequently 1\ .. erye~ the poorest of 
Ghana. Since 1\ opened 111 1965, the cluldren', block 
ha> not had any maintenance or refurbishment 10 the 
hull ding or Its' facilioes . The equipment was In poor 
condition, broken or noneXl tent. Overcrowding wa 
a scnou~ problem. The hospital's capacit)' IS Just over 
100, but there are alwavs 220 \0 250 cluldrcn in thc 
ward. Because of the iack of space and beds, two 
, mall, ~lngle beds are usually pushed together for 
four or fj\'e children with different illnesses to share. 
The bed sheets "'ere often wet beea use there are no 
replacements; in fact, they" ere sewn from old nur~­
c'; umfom1S. 

.\ lothers wcre forced to II on hard metal cham, 
,>ome hold1l1g cOI1\'\JI~lI1g children, others With IntrJ-
\cnous infuSIOns, lx.>tau>e Ulcre \I a no bed space. 
Cluldren on oxygen ~uffered from broken oxygen 

ruhe~. ;-':urses adlllJlustered lreatlnent With makesluft 
equipment that \\'as held together WIth plaster. Babies 
wcre X-rayed by a machll1c WIU10Ul lead protection. 
Leab, holes and rot wcre e\'crywhere, .nakll1g the 
~ltuaOOI1 e\'en more pluful and the hopelessne» 
more 1)()lgnanl. 'nu was due not to a lack of exper-
tise, but a lack of rC!oources , which have a negaovc 
Impact on st.lff lIlorale. Even U1C GhanaJans were 
,hocked lw the condluOl'b. 

"The ~ondlt1om were appallll1g, by any Man-
dar<I," Thomas said . "\\ 'e ImlllClhatclv were mou -
\Jtcd 10 rccufy thiS awful Slluatlon. " 'e knew \Ie 
had to do far r;lOrc than Just give a couple of hun-
dred dollars worUl of food." 

111c poor condluons would have ~Iglllficant 
comequcnces. Many SIck children arc turned away 
due to a lack of facilities, and they often died With-
out any treatment. Even for those who do receive 

dC\'clopment IS impeded. 
The Rotary Club came up with a plan and 

formed a CUIIHllIltCe made up of four Ghanaians 
and twO Amencans, including Thomas as its direc-
tor, to work on the project. Thomas linked with 
Rotarians back home in the Bay Area to wri te a 
grant for over $50,000 from the Rota ry 
Foundation. All of the funds will be used to pur-
chase much-needed lIledical equipment for the 

ho~pltal. The commjttee ha also planned a two-
day weekend clean up and painting of the hospital 
for February, which will include over 100 partici-
pants each day. The money for this event will also 
comc from the funds. FullowlIlg the clean up, it 
p1Jn on having viSits evcry arurday until May, in 
which eight \0 10 people will chat, read and play 
With U1C children 111 an effort to ral~e thei r spirits 
and gl\'e them real hope, which will be backed by 
adequate medical equipment. Vi>I\()r will also 
bnng roy~ and books purchased wi th the funds. 

After tile hospital has been cleaned and painted, 
the commmcc will hold a formal presentation of 
the equipment to the hospital. Among the anen-
dees will be members of dIe pre ,the minister of 
health, local members of Parliament; and Sam 
Okudzeto, director of Rotary International, one of 
the largest, mo t credible and renowned charitable 
orgal1lz.:llIom 111 the wurld. 

The project has been quite successful thus far. 
I Ielp has come frOI1l all over tile world; the commi t-
tee has rceell'ed over $6,000 III pnvate donations 
from more Ulan 60 donors. ' nlose who have made 
contnbutlon~ cither know Thomas, have heard about 
the project through word of mouth or from the pro-
Ject' Web ~lIe, and were eager to donne as soon as 
they Icamed of It. In addition, the Rotary Club of 

Foster City, Calif., (Thomas' 
hometown) has pledged over 
$20,000, and Rotary District 5 150 
has pledged over $14,000. The 
Rotary Foundation WIll match 
most of these funds, bringing [he 
lotal to over $50,000. The 
International Center at UCSD 
also gave $580 as its annual 
Christlnas IVlIlg. 

Thomas IS also loolang for-
ward to a VISit from his family in 

February, who will be bringing Illedical supplies. 
lI e has also been deeply touched by the project. 

"[ It) will soon be realized and [its) success will be due 
to so many hardworking and generous people," he 
said. "The experience has already been rewarding 
and I have fel t so uplifted by Ule ouqx>uring of COIll-
passion and generosity from so many people. I've 
learned that one idea, if followed with motivation and 
perseverance, can have a profound impacl." 

Thoma ' fellow committee members have also 
been moved. 

"It has been wonderful to work with these out-
standing people and we're happy that a majority of 
the commirree is hanaian," Thomas said. 

li e recognizes that many of the ski lls learned 
through the proce,s will remain in Ghana. "They 
have personally told me how happy they are 10 be 
serving others," he sa id. "They recognize they arc 
making a lot of saCrifices as far as uleir time, effort 
and per onal expense, but they truly believe It i 
worthwhile." 

For more infonnation and updates on the project 
and how to donate, go 10 
Jmp:l/uroTW.pm'Sidr,o'''Klkorle-bll. To learn more about 
Rotary International, visit bttp:lhuurw.rotary.o,"K' 

First dlY on elrth : Many newborn babies lay In cnbs like 
these In the nursery ward of Korle-Bu Hospital. 

By VALERIE NG, 
Staff Writer 

In need of help: A child With a severe growth on hiS face walts for treatmenl . Photos courtesy of Ben Thomas 

10 

MONDAY,JANUARY 13, ZOO] THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

ACROSS 64 Soviet military intelligence 30 Cochi se or Geronimo 
1 " _ O 'Shanter" 65 Trip 31 May honoree 
4 Kind of melon 66 United 32 Overweight 

11 2 on the phone 67 UFO crew 33 Exist 
14 Brouhaha 68 Isolde's lover 34 Is qualified to 
15 Ad versa ry 69 Bread for a Reuben 35 Lennon 's lover 
16 l lalf of a bikini 36 Cribbage marker 
17 Auction call DOWN 37 Ilerbal quaff 
18 Puts back together 1 Pct cat 40 African river 
20 Ilonked 2 Ta-ta, Therese 43 False front 
22 Stink to high heaven 3 Computer communicator 44 Ilowever, for short 
23 Arizona city 4 Mad ntosh center 45 Little piggy 
24 Cadiz populacc 5 Mimicked 46 Fed 
29 llappened by 6 Nlineral spring 47 Border bush 
32 Compact contents 7 Call for help 48 All ears 
35 1\ lake :I choice 8 Pack animal 49 Program choices 
38 Noah's peak 9 Two-finger sign 51 Slip-up 
39 "The Avengers" star 10 Equip widl weapons 52 Exrreme discomfort 

Patrick \I More fit 53 Taylor or Adoree 
4 1 I ccimal hase 12 Produce offspri ng 55 monster 
42 Choo-choo of song 13 Barrels 56 Idyllic placc 
46 Powk novel 19 Promotc oneself 58 Adherent's suffix 
47 Claw-like foot problem 21 Expectant dad, e.g. 59 Orch. section 
50 Paraphernalia 24 Stitch 60 On thc vive 
54 Zeno of 25 Launch area 61 Ilesitation sounds 
55 Onl! Gershwin 26 Becr cholCc 62 U.S. dance group 
57 "The Big Easy" star 27 Shearer Jnd Zimmer 
63 Ely or Galli 28 ,\lad ee Ollltio1lS, Page 13 

What • IS UCSD EHtension? 
EKtenslan turns your educa-
tional credentials into real 
life achievements. 

With Instructors who not 
only teach. but also work 
day to day In their selected 
profeSSIOns. come and see 
how they can change your 
life . 

See what UCSD EKtenslon 
has to offer you. 

www.eHtension.ucsd.edu 

--

UCSD 
EXTENSION 

DELIVERY OR CARRYOUT 

( 

11t]!41l·I1!~~~~lrMDW;;. 
: Two Large, Two Topping 1 Two Large, Two Topping, Breadsticks I 

i $12.99 i $1d9':99 i 
Lomlo<.1 Od/n,ory A,o.1 OoilWHY Chmr;o' May Apply 1 Lln.,o<.1 DeI.,.,y Nea DelIYfNY C/Jarpos May Apply 1 I Not vahd wtlh any other ofta, CUi,orner pays all apphcabla ulalla.x Not valid wllh any other otter Customer pays a" appficabMt saj • • taJt 

, Va~d only 01 San 0"00 Counly Papa John', P,"S Stores I Valid only al San 01000 County Papa John's Pm. Store. , 
Exp ires 1131 /03 E ires 1131 /03 

One Largel One Topping $&.99 
, 
, 
, 
, 

~ ~-
ANY SIDE ITEMS ... Cheesesticks, Breadsticks $1':ood'(j"FF 

L ImtlOci [l(oII\lLWY Afru Ot:.1I1'vOlY Ch~f/UUS Mo.ly Apply I LIfJ1/Iod DellVfNY Aroa ()(lllVOfY C/I.J'fIOS M v Apply 
Not ~ahd wl1h any oltlQr otter Customer pay. aU apphc bIG aale. lax I NoI IIOIM:f With any oUltr ottor CUltom81 pays all apphcable sales laJi 

, Valid onl~ 01 San 01000 CClllnty P..,I John. PIZza 5101.. Vaid only . t SIIn 01000 Counly PaDa John, PIZza Stor •• 
, _ ___ __ E!'p~e!.1~~:' _ _ __ _ L _ _ _ __ !!~r.!.s .!!:!/~ __ __ __ , 

FEATURES II 

~\CROBREW SPECIAL 
Rogue $499 Portland 

Gold. ectar 6.PACK 
Fire tone piUS lox t (PI, 

ijOVER 300 BEERS, spe cializing in micro-brew eries ~ • Imported cigareltes, cloves, and American Spirits 
• Premium cigars and accessories 

TR~ OUR SANDWICH DELI! ~~ 
~ ... . .... CHECK OUT ••• i:; / '; .. ::.:."" . Our vast selection of gift wraps, greeting cords, gourmet .. ' pastries, chocolates, specially wines and liquersl 

-----------------------1 1 
120 % OFf All Full-Serve Services: 1 0 Not valid wllh any other offers. COD only. 1 I Va lid at Costa Verde location only. I Expires 2/13/03. UCSD Guardian 1 _______________________ J 

.~.::.---~~-.;\ ~ - - - • - it -~-~QJ 
Computer ~entals 

Teachers & Students! 
We specialize in: 
Self serve copirs 
80lllld class lIIaterial 
Color copies 
Color posters 
mId overs;zc 8IW 
o L IIltl'ml't access 
Passport photos 
Fill 

rJJi II,.. An Original In a ~r"""'u World of Copy lng.C 
Minutes from UCSD in 

Costa Verde Center 
Across from UTC 

8650 Genesee Ave. Ste. 200 

Free pickup and delivery 
858-457-9500 fax 858-457-2058 

www.copyclublajolla.com 
Open 24 hours/7 days 



12 

Freedom Through Education 

t 
• 'U ~'I 

• c ....... 

•• e:(1 --... 

.. 

Parade Route 

"...-' 

d!1Je Princeton Review 

MONL1AY, JANUAI\Y 11,2001 

Martin Luther King, Jr. 
Parade 2003 

Saturday, January 18th 
1 0:00 am - 1 :00 pm 

SIGN UP at the following locations: 
Warren: Dean 's Office, Res. Life, Student Activities Center 
Muir: MOM Revelle: College Center 
Marshall: Dean's Office Sixth College: Dean 's Office 
ERC: Dean 's Office, Res . Life, Pepper Canyon Lodge 
Cross Cultural Center SOLO Office 

If interested, also sign-up for a post-parade community 
service project! Visit the Volunteer Connection for info! 
For FREE transportation to and from the parade and FREE 
breakfast, meet at the Sun God Parking Lot by 8:00 am. 

If you have your own transportation , you can join UCSD by 
9: 15 am at the Parade Assembly Area which will be at the 
County Administration Parking Lot (1600 Pacific Coast 
Hwy). The Parade moves South on West Harbor Dr. 
Sponsored by. Chancellor's Office, Vice Chancellor of Student Affairs , 
Assist. Vice Chancellor of Student Life, SOLO, Associated Students, UCSD Staff Council, UCSD 
Staff Assoc ., Black Staff AssOc., Pan Asian Staff Assoc. ,Cross Cultural Center, ERC , Muir, 
Revelle, Thurgood Marshall , a Warren College Councils, Intercollegiate Athletics, Muir & ERC 
Res Life, Admissions a Recruitment , LGBTRO , a The Princeton Review. 

Better Scores. Better Schools 

* 10 point average score improvement -- the best anywhere! 
* 1075+ hours of LIVE instruction. 
* Classes limited to 27 students. 

* All 4000 pages of materials are yours to keep. 
* 5 FULL length proctored tests. 

Hurry! Our regular start classes begin January 22nd. 

Need help on the Verbal Section? Call us about our 
Verbal Accelerator Course 

800-2REVIEW www.PrincetonReview.com 

MO DAY, JANUARY 1 J, 2003 THE UCSD GUARDIAN FEATURES I J 

Are on--campus eateries meeting health standards? 

By BARR I WORTH 
Contributing Writer 

r lave YOli ever hcsitated beforc 
chowing down, wondering if the 
lIIeal YOll 3rC about LO cat has been 
properl)' cooked in a clean environ-
ment? Even If you do not pa y 
.1lICn[)on to the letter grade ra tings 
lhat puhllc restaural1ts sometilllcs 
plN, you ma}' hc comforted to 
know that tht: restaurant you are 
dining in has heen inspected and 
approved by a governlllenta l health 

III~JlCC tl()1I agency. 
College food ,1CcOIllIllOdatlom 

arc often a highly controvcr,ial 
.. uhJcet .lIl1ong srudcnl, when they 
arc matched agalnsltho~e of othcr 

lIl1lvcr~i t ic> or cl'en a hOllle-
cooked meal. \ \Thdc recently Clr-
ctlLning rUIll()r~ ahout food poi -
,oning h,ll'e prompted talk ahOlll 
"Inlt:tlilln ,tandard; IVnhlll 
lIeS D ... many on -campI" food 
,torc'> .lnd re,IJUr;lnt" studclll' 
c;ln rC't J"tlred that CSD doc ,> 
prc)\'ide onl), the hlghe .. t qualil}' of 
food Jnd prep,lrJtlon envlron-
IIICllt' . 

There arc 3) lO!.tl loca tloll .. III 
whI ch /ood call he purch.lscd on 
C:II I1JlU", IIlciudll1g rcmlentlal hfe 

dllllll~ co mmon" the Studcllt 
CClIl~r, thc Pncc Center mel c\'en 
dl'pcr~ed coffee c;lns. 'J()gethcr, 
tIlc,e H bclilllC' cm pl o) mer 
-100 l IeS!) \wdcnt' ,11111 ~oo full -
tlllle c.lfeer ,t.tll, such:l' chef, .Ind 
1II;IIt.lger, FJrh facility I, In'pect -
ed on a rcguLlr, hilt ,urpri.,e h,lSI ' 
hI' the -li)rrc\' Pille, Center Offl cc 
oj' Fn\,lcon;ll cnt.11 Il eJltit .Ind 
S,lfet)', IOLlted on ' Iinrc)' PIIlC' 
ro.ld adpccllt to lhe JDhn .\1 U1r 
Collcge p.lrk lllg lots. 

"S.lt'r,lll1enW lIlake'> thc rules, 
hut e:lch l'Ount)' I'> rc!> pon' l hie for 
t:.lrryll1g lhem out ,Ind In tllute; 
different mean; of dOing so," SJid 
Bn .1 1l Klippel, safcty and rt sk 
1Il:t1l,I~er Jt UC:SD . "IUeSDI is 
hkc I~S 0\\11 CO li III v; It's an 1.,l.lI1d 
\I IIh II!> 0\\ Il IlJc~ 1 enforcemcnt 
.Igenc), for IllJlntJlI1ing health and 
safet), sLlnd.lrds 111 on -C;ll11pU~ 

rC~tallr~lllt ... . " 
In,pector, from the .SO 

Envlrollmental I Iealth and Safcty 
Depa rtment often appear in the 
rc,taurant the}' arc assessing dis-

~III,ed ;IS cu. tolllers, without g-iv-
;n[( th e res tauran t's emp loyees 
prior Ilotice that their resta urJnt 
IS helng e\'alua tcd. ThIS way, the 
In'pcctnr\ call more 3ccuLllcly 
IlIdgt.: the restaurant\ evcryday 
condition, prClmollng comlstently 
c\u:llent elllployee pcrforll1.lIlce 
hy kCCPIlI[( rcstJur:1I1I employces 
Oil their toe, ,0 thcy never kll Ow 
C\,I(Liy II'hcn they a~c helng e\'.1I-
\I ,ll cd. 

,\hholl!(h CII,IOIIlCr\ ,Il On-C,II11-
jlll '> dllllllg r,l cdllle,> are not hkely 
to WllIlC,S ,I grade card with the 
lett ci """ on It lung-lIlg In thc \\'111 -
d(m , you c;ln ge t .I we,llth of rC.t,>-
,lIrJIl t'c If you ,I'>k. Or.lllgc 
COllnty .Ind S,II\ Diego COLI Il t)', 
unhJ"c I.m Angeles COUllty, do IlOt 
leqtnn: th.1l rC'>t ,lllr,lIlt\ pmt grade 
c,lnk SlIlce i:J"" .. hout puhllcly 
d"pIJ)'Ing gr Jde canb .Ire 1II11l]lIC 
to c,leh (011111)', ,lIld '>I IICC UC~D I, 
like It .. O\\n county \\'1111111 S.ln 
J)lcgO, previou, call1 jlu, olficl ,d, 
disliked th e .. ign pollutloll ,t nd 
opted not to post gr,lde c,lnl, 

crossword sol utions 

either, 
I [owever, according to Klippel, 

this is likely to change soon, 
Instead of issuing rating cards, 
each restaurant mu t achieve a 
grade of at least 90 out of 100 to 
mcet UCSD Environmental 
Il e;tlth and SafelY criteria , No 
reSlaurant IS permitted to remain 
open for bu~iJ)css once its rating 
has declined below a 90, so it is safe 
to assume that all restaurants on 
call1pu~ operate under conditions 
of "A" quality, 

Currently, every restaurant nn 
campu;, possesses a grade of a 97 
or ahove, Even Rubio's BaJ a Crill 
II) the Pnce Center has a 98.5, 
despltc anonymous accusation~ 
and rUll1or~ of pew,lble food POI -
soning during fall quaner, 
Sllldent Il ealth dill rlln te~ts nn 
threc , lUdent; , hlll 1I111)III1JI eVI-
dence proved InconcJu~lvc J hout 
I'ood poisoning. 

"Food p'lI'>oning IS (b fti cu lt to 
pru\l:," Klippd s,liu. 

Ikc;lU'>C peoples' hOlllc'> reJct 
ddTcrcntl y to dlfTerent food; , .1 
parti cu lar product InU, t ,tffecl 
ever}'one who ate it, Jnd each pcr-
;on h,l'> to po."cs> >lIndar symp-
LOIllS that lI1ust occur at the S.lllIe 

I only ate at Woks Up 
three times and got sick all 
three times. So I stopped 

eating there" 
- Jason Scharf, Thurgood 
Marshall College senior 

time to positively determine thn 
food poi soning is tit e cause of 
'Ickncss. 

Kltppel further cxpblned that 
"food is either erved or thrown 
awa)', and if a person c1allllS thcy 
arc ~Ick a day latcr rrom food poi -
~()nlng, Il I; lI11po,slble to pro\'e 
either \\<JY." 

There arc ,lllegallons of food 
J1ell ~inglng at \ Voks Up, which ha~ 
'>l llce gone out of bU~lI1css and has 
becn replJced by PandJ Exprc'>s 
tim )'ear. 

Thurgoud .\\ ars h~1I College 
'CllIor Ja,on Scharf relllembers hIS 
ellcounter with \ \ 'oks Up. 

.. I only .1Ie at \\ 'oks Up three 

times and got sick all three times 
within a two-hour period, so I 
stopped eating there to save my 
sto mach from future tonurc," 
Scharf said. There I~ no eVIdence, 
however, of food poisonlllg from 
either Rubio's Baja Grill, Panda 
Express or any other on-campm 
re~taurant. 

Special mcasures arc taken, of 
course, to prevent food poisoning, 

"All of our employees work 
cxtremely hard to serve safe prod-
ucts, and an outbreak of food poi -
soning would be our wor~r I1Ight-
mare," Klippel said, 

All Illea ts served anywhcrc on 
ca mpus are cooked Jt the hlghesl 
pOSSible temperatures to avoid bac-
teria tnfesta tlon . At the Crove 
Caffe, employees alway~ use wax 
paper or tongs to pick up lbni~hes, 
Although San Diego's health code~ 
do nOI requIre that restJural1t 
employees wear plaStiC gloves when 
handling food, glol'cs .lrc recolll-
mended by some restaurant mJll-
,lgers, whtle others prefer!C) Imtcad 
concentrate on cleJn h.1 nds. 
Ilowe,"cr, all elllpl())'ce~ arc expcct-
ed to ulrcctl\, LOuch food .l~ little J, 
pO"lhl c Jllli 1l1.1I11!.tln thc utlllo,r 
r le.mllllcs> In knchen ell\'lron-

ments. 
Some students are confident In 

UCSD health standa rds and know 
that any rcstaurant that IS open on 
ca mpus must meet certalll cn tena 
and therefore muH he sa fe to eal 

" \ Vith Price Center food, It\ 
not the health rood r3tlll!( that m:lt-
ters, It's the cxperlence and prefer-
ence that dcterll1l1les thc food I'm 
gOing to cat. It docsn't m;lttcr If J 
restaurant ha, a 50 percent ratlll!( 
or a 97 percent ratlllg, It depelHb 
on If r get ~Ick or not," Scharf said . 

Ahove ,III, ca l~Pll> re'>t.llIr.lI1t 
em plo),ce .. , ,II pcr\'lsors ,I nd 
In" pectors con'>tantiy look for nc \\ 
I"I)'S to Improve upon eX"tlllg 
food serVIces, \\ 'itn the opclllng 
of Food \\ 'orb ncar the ,\1.11 thell's 
and Pepper Canyon ,IP,lrtIllCllt' 
thiS ,.C,lr, J' \I ell ,,\ ,IIlClthcr 
restJt;rant that I, due to open IlC\t 
fall at tne nCII Eleanor R()(l'>c\·c1t 
College me - II Itn J PO"I hie 
su.,hl chef - lieS!) h.I' 1I1.ln\' 
food optIOns to e\pencllc~ 
Student> can ;Inllclp.ttc 111 ore 
t,lke-oul, Illorc C\ llIilluon COOJ,,1I1t! 
.tnt! morc IIlICrnatlOIl .t1 foo d" 
e,pecl .t1lr \\ cdlt<!rr.lneJn .llId 
\ 'Ian cUI'lnc . 

BE A PART OF THE HALFTIME SHOW! 

~~ ~~ 
ltD I).~ 

Jfr I~HUU'( t b 
We need 3000 ROCKIN' FANS to participate In the Super Bowl Halftime Show In San Diego, 
CA on January 26th, 2003. Be part of HISTORYI Super Bowl XXXVII Is expected to be 
viewed by 1 BILLION people worldwide. 

PERFORMERS; 

Shania Twain No Doubt 

Special Guest 

If you are one of the LUCKY FANS that we ultimately and exclusively cast, know that you 
are an Integral part of the showl Being a part of the Super Bowl XXXVII Halftime Show, 
demanda a HUGE time and energy commitment from you. There will be a total of three 
reheraala before the BIG GAME. If you are available and serious about being part of the 
MOST-WATCHED TELEVISION EVENT of the year, vlalt 

vvvvvv.1 iota.co 



14 LA IFIEDS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 

NEW CHRISTIAN FILM "GONE"· 
"Powerful , Uplifting, Incredible 
Ending" Free DVD for UCSD stu· 
dents. 1 per address. Hurry! 
www.GoneTheFilm.com. (1/23) 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

CLAsSIFIEDS 
The UCSD GuordKln reserves the nght to clasSify. edl~ delete offenSive words and pharses. 
and/or refuse any and all advertisements Wllhout pnor notlficanon. The Advertlser WIll not 
hold the Guardran hable for any dalms resulnng from the pubhcatlon of the advertisement 
The publisher \Mil also not be held accountable for any claim from an agreement made 
between the advernser and the consumer 
Copy should be reviewed by the adv rtlser for errors. In order to be corrected In the next 
regular Issue. all errors must be reponed by the corresponding deadhne Credit Will only be 
given for the ,"correct portion of the Mveltlsement There are no refunds for cancellanons 
Please •• nd all correspond. nee regard in, Classified. to: 
UCSD Cuardian. Attn: Classified., 9500 Gilman Drive '0116, La JoII .. , CA 92091. 
Actual location: Student Cent.r A. Room 217. 

Classified LINE 
AD Rates 

Students: S3 per 10 words 
Faculty & Staff: S5 per 10 words 

All others: 51 per 10 words 
Advance payment rs requlled 

Classified DISPLAY 
AD Rates 

S10.00 per column inch 
Deadlines: 

Public.""" 0,,1. DIsplay Ads 
Noon TlIur .. 
Noon Mon. 

line Ads 
J pm TlIun . 
1 pm Mon. 

Start your own fratemity! Zeta 
Beta Tau is looking for men to start 
a new Chapter. If you are inter· 
ested in academic success and an 
opportunity to make friends in a 
non·pledging Brotherhood, email: 
zbt@zbtnational.org or call 
800.431.9674. (1/16) 

Classified Line Ads appear In both the Guardian PRINT and ONUNE editions. 

EMPLOYMENT 

SWIM INSTRUCTORS. $10·$16 
HR. S.D. 858.273.7946 N.C. 
760.744.7946 (3/13) 

TEACH the SATs 
Need energetic people 

with high SAT 
scores to prep students 

l-on-l or in classes. 
All regions. $15-$20/hr. 

Car needed. 

Call Beth 
858-270-2617 

www .tutorjobs.com 

Needed: Responsible Babysitter 
for 2·year-old. Monday 9·1 pm, Fri 
12·2pm. Call Doris 858.720.9285 
or 858 775.2166. (1 /13) 

Now hiring part·t ime. S8.50/hr. 
Must be at least 18 and have 
access to reliable transportalion 
and communication. For Interview 
ca ll 888.242 7447. (1 /30) 

Ear n SI ,000-$2,000 
fo r your Student Group 
in just ) hoursl 
(oIq. fundra.lU\llMde 'Impl •• late .n~ F ... a . 

Multiple fundralsmg options available. 
No carwashes. No raffles. lust success

' rundralslng dates are filhng QUIckly. 
Get wIth Ihe programs that work l 

eS!!!lpuS 
888-923· 3238 ....... umpu.fu"dr,,_ tom 

Part time Event & Game Staff 
Needed Interactive Game Rental 

Company For Corporate Events, 
Fun Working environment will train 
858.622.6613 www.partypals.com 
(1/13) 

A+ SUBS - Preschool 
Substitutes, aides I & 

teachers. All areas, full 
time, flexible part time 

hours $7°O·$10s0 hourly 
Call Jacki 

858-565-2144 

Paid lab position available at The 
Scripps Research Institute. Must 
be willing to work with animals and 
be reliable . 10·15 hrslwk. Work 
study preferred but not mandatory. 
Great laboratory experience for 
those wishing to attend medical or 
graduate school. Contact Chao or 
Toni at 858.784.8387. (1121) 

PIT nanny for baby. Parents work 
at home. Must be loving, mature 
wilh experience & references . 
858.350.9445 or 
gwasse rman @ ea rth l ink . net . 
( 1/13) 

Fun, caring babysitter needed for 
8 yr. old boy. As needed basis. 
S 12-15 hour. La Jolla area. 
References ReqUired . Kyda 
858.272.9548. (1/27) 

Aide wanted by disabled profes-
Sional woman. M, W, F 10am-
noon; Sun. 7am·3pm. Own car. 
S 1 O/hr. Contact Lyn (619)298-
1745. (1/30) 

S1500 weekly potential mailing 
our circulars . No experience 
reqUIred. Free Inlormation packet 
Call 203.683.0202. (3/13) 

Financial planner needs PIT help 

Can't afford tuition at UCSD? 
Need more Financial Aid? 

Sick of loan programs and 
repayment options? 

What if you could promise to pay 
1 % of your future income once you 

graduate, and have someone pay 
for college NOW? 
YOU CAN! 

We pay, you study ••• 

www . aboutREEF. org 

for clients services. Set your own 
hours. U.T.C. area. Call Michael 
858.558.7000x391 . (1 /13) 

Temporary Help Wanted. Sell 
Mardi Gras beads Super Bowl 
Weekend. Hourly + Commission. 
Have fun-make money. 
831.423.57798 or ron@mardi-
graswest.com. (1/21) 

POSTAL JOBS $9.04-$14.21 + 
Benefits, No Exp. FOR INFO, 1-
800-495-5514 Ext; 0774 8a· 
9p17Days -avail. varies (1/23) 

ROOMMATES 

Mira Mesa West. Near 1·5 and 
805. 4 Bdl2 1/2 Bath. Nice & 
clean newer House, one room 
$425 Utility included. Female 
non-smoker. 858.578:8683 (1/21) 

FOR RENT 

Del Mar- Fully furnished 2BRl1 B 
cabin, in woods, lagoon view. 8 
minutes to campus, January to 
June, S 1900/month, 
858.792.3790. (1/21) 

2 Rooms for Rent Large private 
room, den and bath In beautiful 
home in upscale neighborhood in 
Torrey Hills. Private entrance, and 
kitchenette. Near La Jolla, UCSD, 
beaches, and shopping. SBOO/mo 
incl. Utilities, Cable and Internet. 
Call Ellen @ 858.259.3721 . (1/23) 

Clairmont-Mesa area of San 
Diego. Cozy one bdrm, one bath 
approx. 600 sq. ft. Starting at 
S850. Xlnt move·in special. Greal 
amenities . CALL TODAY 
858.292.7112 (2127) 

FOR SALE 

1990 SAAB 900, reliable, 5spd 
manual ; 4 cyl , about 180,000 
miles. Call Mike @858.694.0408 
or portm@rb9.swrcb ca .gov for 
pies & details . S1800 (1 /16) 

Compare Textbook Prices! 
• Search 24 bookstores in 1 click 
• S&H and taxes also calculated 

http://www.bookhq.com 

EVERYONE NEEDS A FUTON 
... and I have an extra one! Full 
size, wood frame, comfy matress, 
hardly used! Asking $100, open to 
offers. MUST SELL NOW!!! Call 
Nick @ 858.272.4982 to take it off 
my hands! (1/30) 

Overstocked Ambitions clothing T-
shirts only $12. Great gift! 
858.558.8120. (1 /16) 

WANTED 

$$$ Eyebllnk Study - earn $26011 
Healthy males needed: 18-35, 
right-handed, drug-free, no psy· 
chiatric history. Studies on M-F, 8· 
4 only. UCSDMC, Hillcrest. 
619.543.2314. (1/16) 

~~~~~~ 
~ WOMEN ~ 
~ BE AN ANGEL! !! ~ 

DONATE EGGS! ~ If you are 21-30 ~ ~ years. healthy, bright ~ 
~ and responsible ~ 
... 1· 800·939·6886 ... 
"V' All natronalrlres needed ~ ~ GENEROUS "V' 
~ COMPENSATION! ~ 

~~~~~~ 
Accounting Student to do spread-
sheet project. Del Mar. Flexible 
hrs. Call 858.793.4678. (1/16) 

EGG DONOR NEEDED by loving 
couple: Healthy, Caucasian, hon-
est, intelligent, compassionate, fit, 
responsible; Jewish preferred. 
We give compensation and grati· 
tude. susurrous@att.net. (1/21) 

Male vocalists wanted for 
R&B/Pop group forming ASAP. 
No experience necessary. Please 
include musical tastes/back· 
ground info. kddo@ucsd.edu or 
408.425.220. (1/23) 

MIDDLE-EASTERN EGG 
DONORS NEEDED!!! Childless 
couple in search for an intelligent, 
mature, reliable woman between 
the ages of 19-30 to assist them in 
their dream for a child . If you are 
healthy and responsible, please 
contact our office for more infor-
mation Privacy is Guaranteed 
858.577.0358 www.conceptualop· 
tions.com (1/30) 

CHINESE EGG DONORS NEED-

GRE/GMAT TEST PREP 
36-hour course runs Feb. 18-Mar. 15 (4 evenlllg5 & 2 Saturdays) 

$325 
Best pltce In town! Addlllonal 25% off for UCSD students 

• atcnJioa.uad.edu 
r call (858) 534·3400. Ask for sec lion 038751. 

MONDAY, JANUARY 13, 2003 

ED!!! Childless couple desperate-
ly searching for an intelligent 
woman of Chinese descent to 
assist them in their dream of a 
child. Egg Donors are well-com-
pensated. Please contact our 
office for more information. 
Privacy is Guaranteed 
858.577.0358 www.conceptu-
aloptions.com (1/30) 

WANTED: Loving home for 2 male 
rats with very sweet dispositions. 
Cage, etc. included! email Laura: 
Ikilcoyn@ucsd.edu (1/16) 

Applicants Wanted to Study Part 
IV of the Urantia Book. EARN 
$25 ,000. For details Visit 
www.eventodaward.com. (1/30) 

Asian egg donor needed. Loving 
couple seeks bright, mature, Asian 
egg donor. $4500 compensation. 
Call 619.265.1800. (1 /30) 

Volunteers paid $30 for an inter-
view. If you are entirely of 
Chinese, Japanese, or Korean 
descent, age 21-26, call 552-8585 
ex. 5590. (1/6-3113) 

Participants wanted for applied 
psychology experiments. Earn 
$l2lhour for participating as an 
experimental observer for 1·3 
hours. Experiments involve view-
ing information on computer dis· 
plays and making responses 
using the keyboard and mouse. 
Contact Heather D. at 
858.535.1661 for details . (1/13) 

SERVICES 

DOTUTOR.com Need a TUTOR? 
Hundreds of tutors to your home, 
all subjects, any level, discount 
packages available. 
877.DO.TUTOR, we are hiring. 
(3/13) 

GuAAoIAN CLASSIFIEDS 
WWW .S D Bankruptcy.com 
Thomas J. McKinney, Attorney at 
Law, 619.296.0022, flexible hours, 
Mission Valley office. (4/17) 

Asian Egg Donor Needed. Loving 
couple seeks bright, mature Asian 
egg donor. $4500 Compensation. 
Call 619.265.1800. (1/30) 

PERSONALS 

Who knew the cows weren't 
happy? They've already gol a 
movie deal and I-shirt tie-ins. So 
what if they golla pul out a lillie 
cheese? (1/13) 

The Guardian BLIND DATE IS 
comlngl Watch for details. (1/13-
16) 

UCSD sucked last week. At least 
where movie quotes are con-
cerned. We tossed up a softy 
(Analyze This) and good 01' Mike 
May strolled in a day later to col· 
lect the cash and prize. Look here 
on Thurs. for the next quo!e and 
your chance for fame and glory . 

, I 

MONDAY. JANUARY 13, 2003 Til E UCSD GUARDIAN SPORTS I ~ 

Volleyball: Tritons lose season opener Basketball: Team hopes 
season will now turn around con tinued from page ,6 previous two games in the third , 

and CBU's Miguel Monterola 
crushed the last of UCSD's hope 
with several key ki lls en route to 
his match-high 17. 

"·iton head coach Ron Larsen 
s~mmarized his team's feeling 
after the match with one word: 
frustration. 

"\Ve felt that we could win," 
Larsen said. "We can beat that 
team, but we didn't execute." 

Outside hitter Eric Perrine -
who was a lonely bright SpOt for 
UCSD with a team-high 14 kills, 
seven digs and six lOtal hlocks -

blamed the team's lack of offensive 
execution and concentration. 

"Our focus broke down. We've 
got to work together as a team," 
Perrine said. "If we pass well we 
can run our offense." 

Passing was a key reason that 
the Tritons managed only 32 
assists to the Lancers' 42, and 
Larsen was quick to defend inex-
perienced seners Jones and Tye 
Thoreson. 

"r don't think it's f:Jir to pick on 
the setters," he said. " It made it 
tough on our etters because of 
our passi ng." 

Midd le blocker Brian Foot!, 

Swimming: UCSD begins 
to look ahead to Davis meet 

conunued from /XtJ(C ,6 
effort was there; we are just not at 
thei r level yet." 

On the brighter side for 
UCSD, \\~nnitlg efforts were pro-
duced by Kenneth Domond in 
the 100 burterny (57.76); Dagan 
Allison, Danny Behrens, Brady 
Gosling and Mark late in the 200 
freestyle relay (1 :28.71); and by 
Michael Baier in the 200 individ-
ual medley (I :59.55). 

The Tri tons have faced fierce 
competition thus far this season, 
but it is nothing new to them. 

" I t's difficult," McGihon said, 
"but we have always had m~"ts 
against Division I and Division 
II tOp-level teams, 0 it was 
nothing new coming Into this 
year." 

With an abundance of young 
ralent, UCSD is very capable of 
turning its season around and 
Lccollling competitive later in the 

schedule, and despite a 0-3 duel -
lI1eet record, the Tritons have 
potential - as proven in their 
seventh-place finish in the 
Speedo Cup. 

"We have had uccess this year 
even though we have nOt won a 
duel meet," McGihon aid. "We 
arc a very capable team." 

Wins for the diving team at 
the UCLA Diving Invitational on 
Jan . 17 and Jan. 18, and for the 
swim team in its meet against the 
Bruins on Jan. I B, would certam-
Iy be a boost for the squad, but 
the Tritons know that coming 
right after those events i a meet 
against rival UC Davis on Jan. 
19. 

"A win again t U LA would 
truly be monumental. I think it 
will be good preparation for u; 
as we look to Davis. ur focu is 
on beating Davis," McGihon 
said . 

who lead the team with a .455 
attacking percentage, noted his 
team's lack of abi lity to string 
together rallies as another reason 
for the loss. 

"We didn't flow, and we had no 
rhYthm," he aid. "Our effort was 
there, but we didn't roll on the big 
plays and carry the energy." 

With several weaknesse 
already becoming apparent, the 
Tritons will have their work cut out 
for them in the next couple days of 
practice before they travel to 
CSULB on Jan. 15 to open their 
Mountain Pacific Spons 
Federation schedule. 

continued from Ptl~C r 6 
Despite giving lip 20 turnovers 

in each game, the Tritons did 
enough on the offensive end to get 
the weekend sweep. 

"vVe broke their press well," 
Siam said. 'Thea [Bachman] played 
really well in both gamcs. She set-
tled liS down." 

Bachman averaged five assists 
per game over the weekend . 

With the back-to-back victories, 
the UCSD women are now 2-9 

overall on the season and 2-4 in 
CCAA play. 

"We Just needed to get over 
that hump. Now that we know we 
can do tt, I think things will be a 
lot different. Practice this week 
should be a lot morc upbeat," satd 
Siam. 

This weekend the Tritons will 
host C L1 San Bernardino on Jan. 
17 and Cal Poly Pomona on Jan. 
lB. Game time on both days is 5:30 
p.m. at RL'vIAC Arcna . 

Front row: 
Sweep: Crawford, Snyder 
lead Tritons over weekend 

Wouldn't 
want to miss 

th is show 
conrimled from page ,6 

an underwater wTestling match. 
Granted the commis ioner of 
baseball doesn't have much 
chance, but at least it won't be a 
tic. Advantage: hark. 

On second thought, I think 
the humans get the better end 
of that deal. TfUs is one sequel 
that'd be worth seeing. 

This columnist always appreCI-
ates people who read all the way 
to the bottom of his artldes, so If 
you'd Itke to vOice your mutual 
appredatlon, your dissatisfaction 
or your questions, e-mail him at 
bwarwtek@ucsd.edu. 

conunued from page r 6 
Toros, Crawford's three-pOint 
shot tied the game with just over 
five minutes left, and on the next 
possession, another basket from 
behind the arc gave UCSD a lead 
that it held the rest of the 
game. In the game against 
CSULA, Crawford went 5 of 
from three-point range, and he 
was 7 of I I from the field. 

Triton freshman forward Adam 
Snyder also proved to be a strong 
contributor for the Tritons by scor-
ing 15 points both nights. He also 
returned to San Diego with 17 
rebounds on the weekend, 12 of 
which carne over CSULA. 
Sophomore guard Jordan \Vaoons 
was the other player to score in 
double digits each night, scoring 12 
points in both games. I lis consis-
tency with 10 rebounds and five 
assists on the weekend also proved 
valuable. 

This weekend, CSU an 
Bernardino and Cal Poly Pomona 

Guardian file photo 
Bouncing back: UCSD Improved to 4-
7 with WinS over CSUDH and CSULA 
and are trymg to get back to .500. 

will both travel to RIM C Arena 
to face UCSD, where the Tritons 
will attempt to continue their 
two-game Wtlllll11g streak. U SD 
will play CS ' 13 on Jail . 17 alld 

al Poly Pomona on J JIl . t 

Intramural Sports 
Winter Team Sports Schedule 

e.lttratlo" 'Iorlt} er 0 I urn Captain" Meetlnl' E ntry ... e~lon o Uei 

Women', Tuts.J ... 14 Tues. Jan. 14@4pm US Jan. IS Sun 3·Spm 
Soccer 9:OO-9:3Oam RIMAe G ..... n Room Mar. 16 

(' women) S34·17I6 

Coed Tu ••. Jan. I ~ Tues.Jan. 14@4pm $JS Jan. IS Sot Iln·Spm 
Soccer 9:30·10: I Sam RIMAe Green Room Mar. 16 Sun 12n.Spm 

(5 men/4 women) 534-3716 

Men', Tu".J.". 14 Tu".J'"' I~Spm SlS Jan 18 Sat 10.",·Spm 
Soccer 10:15-1 1:15am RIMAe C .... n Room Mar 16 Sun 10am·Spm 
(' men) 534 .. 3716 Mon 6.Spm 

Coed Wed. Jan. IS Wed Jan. IS@ Spm $20 Jan IS Sawrday. Sunday 
Ultimate Diu 9:]0· I O:]Oam RIMAe G .... n Room Mar. 16 ilhernoons 

(4 men/3 women) 534-3716 

*~.Itoeur' en orronrzed on .., hour1y bam Wfiln dr. Dme ran,. ist<d abcM. In mGII sp<rtt, tI!O"" .... play ell rire !Om< 
hour on rire sane dar eoch ~ for dre IAJnJIJon 0( drat spat', ,"",lor '''''''''' 

Coming Soon! 
All (ampus 
Tennis Doubles 
Tournament 
Saturday/Sunday 
February 8·9 
at NCR Tennis Courts 
Sign ups begin 
TuesdaYIJanuary 28 .> • 

• 



.' 

SPORTS 
GUAAD~ 

MONDAY 
JANUARY 13, 2003 

How about 
a sequel to 
Fox's IIMan 
vs. Beast" 

From the 
Front Row 

Bryce Warwick 
nly Fox would pit -0 Qml dgets aga lllst an ele-phant to ee who could 

pu an airplane faster. This tum 
and many more are part of Fox's 
late t ratin gs gimmick, which 
matches "Man vs. Bea t" in a spe-
cial se t to air Jan. 15. The show 
will fe amre uch conte ts as a 
foor/hoof race between a worl d-
class sprinter and a giraffe, a hot 
dog-ea ting contest between a 
Kodiak bear and a 11 3-pound man, 
and an ob tacle course in which a 
chllnp and the military's el ite will 
race. 

Out of pure curiosity, and in a 
show of support for my fellow 
humans, I plan on watching. The 
more I think about it, though , the 
more convinced I am that Fox 
could have come up with some bet-
ter contests. Here are my personal 
suggestions for the inevitable "Man 
vs. Beast 2": 

A deer III headlights vs. Terry 
Porter in a test of reflexe . The 
Fiesta Bowl field Judge cost the 
UniverSIty of Miami a national 
champlon5hlp when he called pass 
IIlterference at the end of the first 
overu me a fu ll fou r seconds after 
the play had ended. I know the deer 
ends up movlllg when a car hit 
hJm, hut unless " lJami ram III the 
parkmg lot recognized h 1111 , I'm 
not sur~ Porter has had that experl -
enc~. Ad\'antage: deer. 

A group of rabbm vs. NBA 
supersta rs to ~ee who can produce 
the most orfspnng. Even when It', 
not a competition, the • BA guys 
do pretty well, hut anyone who's 
evel taken a \\alk on the UCSD 
camJlu, at I1Ight \ul()w" that It\ no 
conte,t. \dv;)ntage ' rahhm. 

\ Vde F.. Coyote "'I. the ChICago 
Cubs In a come,t of succe.,.,fulness 
The l{o,ldrunner IS an undefeated 
challlplOn who frustrates eJlh or 
Coy(){e's attempts, the Cuh, la,t 
won :1 \ Vorld . cne., III 19(J , hut 
hal e sll!"ned Dusty Itlker J,> their 
new n;ano1!!Cr, Kern \\ 'oOlI i, 
h~alth\·. and thc\' ha\:e J talcnted 
core, ~o the Cuh~ muld .. oil \\ ho 
Jill I kJddllll!"; \1a)bc nf.:\t 
year. ,\(kaIllJge Coyotc 

,\ ,warm of lIul'>qul!oe, vs. 
.\1artha Burk m a hattie of annoy-
,lIlte The chJlr of the "iatlonJI 
Council of \\'omen's Orgaml.atloll> 
has gone on a t1rclc\~ lIIelba cru-
,ade to get a woman Jdmltted as J 
IIIclllha of the Augll\ta ~J tJ()nJI 
Golf C1uh. At Ica~t the mmqultoe~ 
quit hUlZlIlg when the \~eather 
tlIrm culd. thantJl!"c Hurk 

'\n ox \'\ AUg~'td ChJlrlnan 
I I (Jotle Johmon In a hatde of \tub-

I )()rnn<:\~. !) e~pllc IO~lIlg III corpo-
r.lt<: ~ponsor'>, haV ing JIIeml,cr\ 
re~I!(1I Jnd faclIlg thc Ire of fe ll ll-
111'1'> n,ltlonwldc, Ilootle In " l ., t~ he 
wdl nllt .Idllll! J wOJllan. I'Nen thc 
ox would have glvcn up hy 
nUll. Advantage . I Iootle 

The average dog n. Ml ke' I Y'>OIl 
III a hattlc of Wi ts. Reall y, th c re'~ no 
contcst l>ccJ u~e onc of the t~o 
doesn't know how to peak and the 
other I~ d dog. Advantage: nonc. 

A hungry shark v~ . Bud Selig In 

See FRONT ROW, Pagl' 15 

Tritons record first win 
Womens basketball "over the hump" 

By OWEN MAIN 
Associate Sports Editor 

Going into thi s past 
weekend's games against 
CSU Dominguez Hills and 
CS Los Angeles, the 
U 0 women 's baskethall 
team had yet to win a game 
thiS sea on. \\lith back-to-
back wins over the weekend, 
the monkey has now been 
offiCl3l1 r lifted from th e 
team's back. 

On Jan. 10 again t the 
CS Dominguez Hills 
Toros, the Triton got down 
early, trailing by as many as 
16 points in the first half 
before cutting the deficit to 
10 at halftime. 

"\Ve starred off the game 
loppy," said sophomore for-

ward Karina Siam. "We 
starred playing more lOne 
defense and cl imbed back 
into the game." 

At the beginning of the 
second half, the Tnrons con-
tinued their comeback, trad-
ing leads with the Taro sev-
eral times until the fin~1 3 :05 , 
when junior Ali Ginn took 
over for the Tritons. 

With the game tied at 51 , 
Ginn scored the Tritons ' 
final six points to secure the 
one-point UC D victory at 
57-56. Ginn scored 16 pomts 
in the game, includlllg II in 
the second half to go along 
with a game-high eight 
rebounds. 

"We could have easily 
folded and given up when we 
were down ea rly," Ginn sa id . 
"Bur we pl ayed tOugh as a 
team and came back." 

Siam led all corers With 
19 POlll ts, 14 of which came 

Guardian file photo 
Unrecognizable: UCSD played up to its capabilities for the first time 
thiS season and got into the WIn column against CSUDH on Jan. 10. 
in the second half, including 
3-3 shooting from three-
point range. 

"They were sagging off of 
me," Siam said . "I gOt more 
oppormnities than usual to 
shoot three ." 

Leading by three, the 
Triton defense overplayed 
the three-point line. After a 
missed shot, the Toros got an 
offensive rebound and were 
given a concession basket to 
finalize the scoring at 57-56. 

"Everybody was eXCited 
to get the first WIl1 ," aid 
Junior co-captain Erynne 
Faucett. 

Twenty-four hours later, 
the Tritons were in Los 
Angele looking for their sec-
ond win of the eason against 
CSULA. Against the Eagles, 

CSD played a clo e first 
half, leading by just three 

points at the break. 
But behind ichole 

Bromley's 17 points and nine 
rebounds, as well as Siam's 16 
points, the Tritons pulled 
ahead in the second half and 
won the game handily at 79-
63 . 

"We looked like a differ-
ent team," said Siam after the 
weekend sweep. "We were 
running our offen ewell : 
cuning and making our 
shots. We looked like a total-
ly different terull ." 

The big advantage for the 
Triton against CSULA was 
at the free-throw line, where 
UCSD went 20-26 while 
CSULA shot only 3-5 for the 
game. 

"Everything was working 
for us," Faucen aid. 

See BASKETBALL, Page 15 

Men's volleyball opens season 

16 

UCSD sweeps 
weekend 

road games 
Men's basketball beat 
CSUDH, CSULA 

By AMBER MARTIN 
Staff Writer 

The Triton men's baskethall team tarred 
out the winter season with a succc%ful week-
end on the road. \Vins over Cal State 
Dominguez 1 Iills and Cal ' tatc Los Angeles, 
both members of the California Collegiate 
Athletic Association, raised UCSD's overall 
record to 4-7 on the season. Additionally, the 
Triton team shot above .500 frolll thc flcld on 
both nights, and the team also remaincd 
above .500 from beyond the three-point arc 
against CSULA. 

ntil the game on Jan. 10, CSUDI I was 
virtually unbeatable for the Tritons, whose 
62-57 win marked the first timc UCSD beat 
the 10ros in 25 years. The lritons trailed by 
two at halftime with a score of 32-3 0 allli 
faced their biggest deficir whcn thc ' Io ros 
came out of the locker room and scored four 
unanswered points to tan the second half. 
IIowever, U SO eventually responded with 
its own 11 -2 run and permanently claimed 
the lead with five minutcs to play in the 
game. 

On Jan. II, the Tritons took their game 
to CSULA, where they completed their 
weekend sweep, giving the team its first 
two-game winning streak slIlce they entered 
the CCAA in thc 2000-0 I seasoll . The 
Tritons beat their conference nval , 72-5 5, 
and returned home ullbeaten ovcr the week-
end. 

Junior Sean Crawford proved to bc a 
huge asset for the Tritons as their leading 
point contributor both evenings. Crawford 
began onJan. 10 by scoring a game-high 20 
points, and thcn matched that on Jan . II 
when he again scored 20 points. Against th e 

t'e SWEEP, Page J 5 

UCSD loses in three games to California Baptist 

Tritons drop 
duel swim 

meet to D--I 
UC Irvine By BRYCE WARWICK Staff Writer 

'Ille C~l) mcn's volleyball 
team opened Its seJson In Ie" 
than IlI1preSSI\C fashIOn, fallll1g 
111 three galllc~ to California 
Ihptl\t Umversuy (30-25,30-26, 
30-25) on Jan. J(i. The 'IntollS 
IIIJJuged only a 110 attJrklllg 
Jlen:entage and ,uffered from an 

Inc(}n~l~tent pa''>lng game, whICh 
ulumatch led to their OClIllSC 

,\l Jking 1m first -eH:r start Jt 
sefler. red..,hlrt frc,hlllan ,'ate 
J{)ne~ led the 'Intons lCJ an early 
4-0 Icad m the first gamc, bu t the 
Lancers ba ttled back. After tYll1g 
thc gallic at IlIl1e apiece, CBL' 
hung dose and the ' I mOils were 
unable to pull away. Ju,t as It 
,ccllled UCS l) nllght c'>capc 
\11th a narrow VictOry - leadll1g 
21- 1 Ii - the Lancer ... tailed a 
ti meout that propelled them to 
12-4 run and a 30 25 ViCtory 

Game two fea tured much of 
the samc, Sll1te neither te,llII wa,> 
ablc to l1Iount !I1ore than J tw{J-
pOint leao for much of the 1113tch, 
hut a late 8-4 Lancer rUII ,ea lcd 
the ga lJ1e. 

A Tri ton quad t1w lac ked 
energy throughout W:b unablc to 

~capc from the pattern of the 

See VOLL£YBALL, PaRe , 5 

Jmiu HOftoo/GuardlOn 
Above the rest: UCSD JunIOr Bnan foeti, who led the team With an attaoong 
percentage of .4 55, spikes the ball In th Tntons' match against CBU on Jan. 10. 

Anteater beat 
DC D men' 
team, 219-76 

By MATT RYAN 
Staff Writer 

The 'Irlton ~ l1Jve struggled tim 
year III duel me<:t\ . i\ 10.,., to 'e 
Ir\lne on Jail . II dropped thc 
' Irltons to 0-3, which equ,d .. I.I'>t 
year\ lo'>s tot,l!. 

galnst a ~ t r() l1 !(' 1)1\ ISIClI1 I 
UCI tcam, the mect \\'3' 11;11 tll v 
competiti ve, With thc AmcJtcl: .. 
wll1nll1g 21 <J 76 CI h.ld winners 
111 the 200-ya rd lI1edle)' reb )" 
1,000 freeslylc, 500 fl ec~ t)' l e, 200 
free,ryle, 100 h,ICk\ tJ'lIkc, 100 
brc,lSt, trokc, 200 hutt crtl}, 50 
freestyle, 100 frec~ t y l e, 20() had.-
stroke, 200 hrcJ'tstroke Jlld 1-
metet (IJ vll1g ('I I'> knowll for ItS 
good sWll11l11lng :ll1d di Ving te.II11 .. , 
al1d they were (Oil IIlllch for the 
' IrllOm to h.llI<lIe. 

'" Ionc ti l', no, we didn 't 1Il.lt ch 
up With thclIl ," ' 3ul CSI) head 
coat h SCOtt McGdlOn. " I felt the 

See SWIMMING, "(jg~ 15 


