
,~~ .• p~. ~ 
recipe 

SPOIlS 
Water polo 
accolades 

Black Eyed Peas will release their new aJbum, Elephunk, on June 24. The dedicated . 
hip-hop band has given fans passionate lyrics and powerlul shows since 1996.,. 9 Classifieds 16 

Three players were 
named All-American. 
,...10 

THE UCSD 
~ARI) 

UC SAN DIEGO THURSDAY, MAY 29, 2003 

Gates opens to UCSD onlookers 
Microsoft chainnan speaks on software 

By MEAGHAN FIELD 
Staff Writer 

Bill Gates, chairman and chief 
software architect of Microsoft 
Corp., spoke on "The Magic of 

oftware in the Digital Decade" to 
a full crowd in the Price Center 
Ballroom on May 27 . 

Gates spoke about the role he 
believes technology will play in the 
coming decade. According to 
Gates, the biggest cha nges of this 
decade will be in the field of infor-
mation technology. I Ie said that 
the surface of thi field ha barely 
been scratched in terms of reliabil-
ity and ecurity. 

Gates said that not only is new, 
more reliable oftware being devel-
oped, but al 0 system are being 
innovated to allow for a better rela-
tionship with software user . Using 
the I nternet, the e new systems can 
track information about the user so 
that irnprov(!JJlents can be made on 
an autOmaoc basi . 

"In the world at large, most 
things are done without computers 
becau e they are too difficult," 
Gates said. 

New bill to 
give Nafl 

Guard educ. 
benefits 
All serving 

may get 
cheaper tuition 

By THOMAS NEELEY 
Senior Staff Writer 

S(!ckill!; tl) case the /inanc!:,1 bur-
den lor C,ltforOla college ~mdems 
who ~cl"\e III the Caltfon{j.l :-.J.llIonal 
Guard or State 1\ Illit.l!) Reserve, the 
,altforl1la As;cmhly WIll vote on a 

bill that would f,rivc Ihe~e tudent;, a 
75 percent fcc reduction a wcll as 
make It casler for smdents to WIth-
draw from and return to school 
when called to acrive duty. 

Assembly Bill AB- 47 wa pro-
po cd by As emblywoman arol 
LIU, D-La aiiada Flintridge, ear-
licr this month and would apply to 
fees at the University of alifornia, 
Caltfornia State Umverstty and 
community college systems. 

Catherine Ilazclton, a pokes-
woman for LIU , saId the bill wa 
brought about 111 rcsporu.e to the 
II1cre:lslI1g dcm:lnd\ and level of 
comlllltnlcnt reqUlrcd of atlonal 
Guard IIlcmhers and I t~CrvI Sl.'>, half 

See NATL GUARD, p,ll!e H 

Sarah Averb1Kil/Guordion 
Powerful people: Chancellor Robert C. Dynes (left) poses With Microsoft 
chairman and chief software architect Bill Gates at Gates' speech on May 27. 

Citing the act of reading as an 
example of an everyday activity 
which is made more difficult on a 
computer, Gates discussed the ways 
in which the problems can be 
remedied. One of these cha nges is 

the use of tablet computers, which 
could be held and adjusted by the 
reader. Models of these tablets have 
tarted to be produced and sold by 

See GATES, Page 3 

UC officials raise 
summer school tuition 
UCSD summer fees raised 
from $76 to $103 per unit 

By GA~LLE FAURE 
Associate News Editor 

Due to the state budget cri is 
and the probability of the U 
Regent so n vOtll1g to approve a 
proJccted fee increasc, the 
UI1I\Crslty of Ca lifornia wdl 
ral~e fces for \tudems Jttcndll1g 
summer school on all _ cam-
puscs. 

C D's summer S(!SSlon fees 
have bcen Incrca~ed from 76 
per uni t to 103 pcr uml. 
Tha nks to the quarter system, 
however, C D student were 
notified of the increase in time 
for summer ses ion enrollment, 
while students at U Berkeley, 
which nperates on a semester 
system, were notified of flat rate 
in reases three days prior to the 
first day of ummer classes on 
May 27. 

"I am troubled that, in the case 
of U Berkeley, fee were rai ed 
WIth vcry little warning and stu-
dents weren't able to plan for this 
increase," aid UC Student 

~ociation F'Ceculive Dire tor 
dam Mtllcr. 

cordll1g to UC spokesper-
,on 11.lI1an Eisenman, the 
Increasc in fces IS .111 Issue of con 
'Istcncy. 

, policy for summer fees 
is that the fees should be compa-
rable to fee in the regular acade-
mic year," Eisenman aid. 
" ummer ~ess lon is starting oon 
and given the policy, the campus-
es have been instructed to go 
ahead and set fees that reflect 
what the rcgents arc likely to 
approve." 

t.lsenman cited a damaging 
360 militon In base buuget cutS 

to lhe UI1IVer~lty of Caltfornia 
over the pa .. t three year, and 
Jld that WIth threats in the tale 

legIslature of addiuol1.l1 cuts on 
top of Davis' proposal, an 
increase aligned With hi propo-
al is likely for the 2003-04 acad-
emic year. 

Should the regents approve 
fees lower than currently antici-
pated in ov. ray On i ' budget 
during their meeting to take place 
in June r July, student who 
attended ulllmer se ions will be 
refunded the difference, accord-
ing to Eisenman. 

"We knew this was coming," 
~aid CSD Interi m ummer 

esslon DIrector Becky rce . 
"\ e were given notice thJt things 
didn't look good and thercfore wc 

VOLUME 109, ISS UE 18 

Lieberman makes UCSD 
stop on campaign trail 
Economic speech gets 

mixed reaction from crowd 
By JOSH CROUSE 

Senior Staff Writer 

Presidential hopeful and Sen. 
Lieberman, D-Conn., delivered 
a speech on the current econom-
ic climate in the United States at 
UCSO's Graduate School of 
International Relations and 
Pacific Studies' Robinson 
Auditorium on May 28. 

Lieberman spoke to a crowd 
of roughly 150 students, faculty 
and community members on the 
topic of "Growing the 
Innovation Economy: A ew 

trategy for a ew Prosperity." 
The Democratic presidential 
candidate spoke about the need 
for the Uruted tates to foster 
innovation and advances in tech-
nology. 

The event was kicked off by 
Vice Chancellor of External 
Relations James E. Langley, who 

welcomed the audience and spoke 
briefly about UC 0' role a a 
leader in 1I1novation and techno-
logical advancement. 

"After Sept. 11 , [Chancellor 
Robert C. Dynesl aId that 
UCSD, the fifth-largest reCIpi-
ent of federal research funds in 
the country, could no longer be 
in the business of just research 
and development; that from now 
on we must be in the bu iness of 
research, development and 
deltvery, " Langley said. hIt IS in 
that context that enator 
LIeberman i here to address 
this group." 

Lieberman's speech traced the 
technological advance of the 
United State' hIStory and ItS 
Impact on the economy. He also 
looked to the future and discussed 
how far an improved innovation 

See LIEBERMAN, Page 7 

libora GorCl'fC ·Blum/Guarcfon 
Presidential hopeful: Sen. Joe Lieberman, D-Conn, spoke on the economic 
need to II1crease technological advances at the IRiPS graduate school. 

WEATHER SPOKEN SURF 
. ~ 

II 1 am troubled REPORT {~ 
." ,I 

that ... fee were May 29 Mly19 Wind SW 10 kt 
Hll l63 H 11 L61 raised with very Wind Wa~ lit SweU, S 3 

.l~ little tvarning." ~ M.y)O ~·/ f 
- Adam M~ler, Wind 10 kt M'Yll June 1 Wind Wd~e<o 1 fi 

HII W H 71160 UCSA Executive 5" " s \ It Director 



2 NEWS THE UCSD GUARDIAN THURSDAY, MAY 29, 2003 

BRIEFLY ETCETERA ••• 
UCSD p~chologi5t reports 

on jealousy and gender 
Christine Harris, a psychologist at UCSD's 

Center for Brain and Cognition, recently pub-
lished a research paper casting doubts on 
previously held beliefs on gender differences 
pertaining to feelings of jealousy. 

The theory espoused by evolutionary psy-
chologists has held that men tend to ca re 
more about sexual infidelity and women tend 
to care more about emotional infidelity, 
attributing such differences to natural selection. 

According to evolutionary psychologists' 
theories, women are shaped by evolution to 
be more jealous over a partner's emotional 
infidelity because it could result in the loss of 
the mate's resources for her and her off-
spring. while men should be primanly jeal-
ous over a mate's sexual infidelity because it 
could result in offspring that they did not 
father. 

Harris' research, however, argues that 
more men and women seem to view sex-
ual and emotional Jealousy in the same 
light. 

Hams examined four types of data most 
commonly Cited in support of the former 
theory of gender differences In jealousy, 
Including self-report data, phYSiological data, 
SOCiological data and cases of pathological 
JeaJousy. Harris' research pointed out numer-
ous flaws In research methods. 

Hams cited the "forced-cholce' method 
as a pnme example. This method, used In 
many Jealousy studies, showed large differ-
ences among American men and women; 
but, as Hams pOinted ou~ equal discrepan-
cies are found among American and 
European men, With even greater discrepan-
Cies among Asian men. 

Hams also drew her findings from self-
report studies and people's reports of their 
actual expenences With Infidelity, rather than 
hypothencal cases of Infidelity. The results 
showed that men and women did not differ 
In hOYI much they focused on emonona\ ver-
sus sexual aspects of a partner's affair. 

Hams' report was published In the May 
Issue of Personality and 50001 Psychology 
ReVIew. 

Business plan competition 
to take place May 31 

A UCSD bUSiness plan competition will 
take place on May 3 1 with keynote speaker 
Michael Robertson, founder of Lindows, 
MP3.com and Reef. The competition will be 
hosted by Venture Forth. 

Robertson IS a graduate of UCSD With a 

Josh au.. EAr II QIIf 
LIuren L CoIIIner en ......... 

Chariitbl MIIher.... _YIM 
GrnSdader 

EwnMd ....... 1AIr 
GIlle fila ......... ... 

ClIft J. VInnIIIIe o,w. ... 
..... UntII ............ 
DinlelWIIS 
AMI KumIr .... YIlt 
Owen MIin AIIodIII ......... 

ICIIII Dew. ,..... ~ 
B.rri Worth 

RiniIdo DonnIn ..... UIIor 
Anne Cona-HuYen AIIocWI ..... ,..... 

CIiyD1 WorfoIk 
Tyler Huff Photo E.ator 

Rldlel A. Garm AuocWt .... Ytor 
ICenric1 Leunt Gr ..... WIor 
Zhi-Nins Ulna ... EcIt8r 

EdIIoriII ...... 
Mimeae Ftderis 

hpu,.ua 
JennIer ChIn& c.dIIIine CI*i, ~ 5peIat rd WIll 

cep, ....... 
Brll'ldon KIt%, IIIrinIll¥inIII¥, DeepI MInohIrI 

bachelor's degree in cognitive science. 
Robertson has also been consulted in many 
high-tech organizations, including the San 
Diego Supercomputer Center, and has 
worked in the music industry with such 
labels as Hollywood Records, Mercury 
Records and Wamer Bros. Records. 

At UCSD, Robertson also completed an 
undergraduate independent study with 
renowned cognitive scientist Donald 
Noman. 

Robert Sullivan, Dean of UCSD's School 
of Management, will also be speaking. 

Three student start-up companies will be 
judged by a panel of San Diego business 
leaders. 

The competition will take place from 9 
a.m. to 2 p.m. at Robinson Auditorium in the 
Graduate School of Intemational Relations 
and Pacific Studies. 

UCSD professor awarded 
Qualcomm Chair 

Rajesh Gupta, a professor in the Jacobs 
School of Engineering's Computer Science 
and Engineenng Departmen~ will be the 
first horder of the Qualcomm Endowed 
Chair in Embedded Microsystems at UCSD. 

The new chair is funded by QUALCOMM 
Incorporated at the Jacobs School through its 
corporate commitment to Califomia Institute 
of Telecommunications and Information 
Technology. 

Gupta is an expert In embedded systems 
and mobile com puling. Gupta's research 
areas Include Wireless systems on ChiP, com-
puter-aided deSign for embedded portable 
systems, embedded software and algorithms 
for the automation of very large-scale inte-
gratIOn CIrCUIt deSign. 

Gupta eamed a doctorate In electrical 
engineenng from Stanford University in 
1993 and went on to teach at UC Irvine and 
the UniverSity of IllinOIS at Urbana-
Champaign before coming to the Jacobs 
School in November 2002. 

Gupta IS the au hor and co-author of three 
patents and more than 120 research artJcles 
on vanous aspects of embedded systems. He 
is also the author of the book 'Co-SyntheSIS 
of Hardware and Software for Digital 
Embedded Systems: pu~lished In 1995. 

Through Cal-(lT) , QUALCOMM 
Incorporated has pledged endowments for 
three more Jacobs School chairs, in addition 
to those for the Graduate School of 
Intemational Relations and Pacific Studies. 
Gupta is the Jacobs School's twentieth chair 
recipient and the secon~ of eleven new 
chairs pledged by CaI-(l1) 's industrial part-
ners. 

I'ImeII FIUp ...... .... 
MicNd FouII5 Ms ...... .... 
Mike MIrtinez ....... Art DINdor 

..... AI ...... 
£mille SduIer. Shirl SInon 

... 7'1 ....... 
...., .... -

....... ,. ",. 
-.... 

"' ... 111 .... - .... Nidt __ ~ 

a '«II 
NidtAl;dllr. ......... JahoHeller 
.CGD~II......, ........ ........ 
............... ., ......... tlUCSD. 
.......... ............. --_ ..... " 
.......... ,. ............. ..,....,.....0 

:IOD.l.~"'" JlltUCSOeu.dlM.lIOI....,... 
_ ... ..-_......,-.....01. n. 
_ ....... lWIIiIdDlIOI,-.., ....... 
.-tJ DltUC$()~"~c1 

~ 01 AuociMIII5btero nw UCSD GurrIfaI> ill 
~....,~~. LIIIoudIeb '-Nt oc 
II 200t1 

Genet .. EdieoMI: 858-5344511 
Newt nI FeIIurft: 858-534-5226 

Opinion, ~ Photo: 8se-5344512 
HiIIut: lse-5J4en 

Adwer1iIinI 0fIce: .58-534-l466 
fa: .tI-5M-Mtl 

E-moi: ~dian.Otg 

AlU,.t NUNE 
WWW ... C.II , n., 

Th. UCSD GwnllGn 
HOG c;a.... Dr. 0111. 

I.e ..... CA notS-oll' 
AcaMlIotIlon: s-td AoaI. UC50 
sw..c.. .... ~_2'7 

OU~Io)HOWX 
~IolOW .t'M A'6.n-,? 
'CA\ISE.t"'" Al.WIWS 

~\G~i. 

A.S. COUNCIL AT A GLANCE 
AS Meeting '4 

May 28, 2003 

Items of Immediate 
Consideration 
Item A 

The A.S. Council passed a resolution in 
support of Transfers' on-campus housing with 
a vote of 16-3-0. The resolution calls upon 
the university "to expedite the construction of 
transfer housing projects" and affirms the 
council's "suppon of granting transfer Stu-
dents a guuanteed housing agreement as 
soon as possible." 

Commissioner of Enterprise Operations 
Jeremy Cogan argued that endorsing con-
struction of new housing runs contrary to 
recent council efforts to preserve student 
parking. Thurgood Marshall College Senior 
Senator Sierra Catcott argued that since the 
resolution does not specifically mention the 
proposed orth Campus Housing Project, 
parking is not an issue. Straw polls taken dur-
ing the meeting revealed strong council sup-
port for guaranteed transfer student housing. 

ItemC 
The council appointed Brie Finegold to 

assistant student advocate from May 29, 2003 
through June 30, 2003 by consensus. 

Reports 
Commissioner of Academic Affairs Todd 
Tolin 

Tolin reported that the Academic Senate 
made changes to the UCSD Policy on 
Integrity of cholarship. The revised docu-
ment makes the Council of Deans the admin-
istrative authority in cases of alleged academ-
ic dishonesty and directs appeals to the 
Council of Provosts. Previously, the accused 
student's dean was the administrative authori-
ty and appeals were heard by the student's 
provost. 

Commissioner of Athletics Jordan Cross 
ro reported that Sara Allsup, agrario 

Ilernandcz and Audrey ung were named 
All-American at this year's NCAA Dlvsion II 
track and field national championship . Also, 
Cross reported that Sara Allsup firushed slxlh 
In diSCUS and Audrey ung fini hed ninth 111 
the 5000-metcr evcnt. 

Revelle College Sophomore Senator 
R2chel Corell 

orell announced dut a photograph of 

student and outgoing Revelle College 
Provo I F. Thomas Bond will be taken at 
Stonehenge on May 29 at 5 p.m. Corell 
encouraged all srudents to wear UCSD or 
Revelle College attire and be photographed 
regardless of college affiliation. 

Eleanor Roo cvclt College Chair David 
Goodwin 

Goodwin encouraged all student to 
attend ERCapaLuau on May 30 from 2 p.m. 
to 6 p.m. at Warren Field. 

Old Business 
ItemK 

The A.S. Council approved the charter for 
the ASUCSD Ad Hoc Task Force on 
Associated Students Fee and Student 
Government Autonomy Inquiry by consen-
sus. According to its charter, the ta k force 
will "research the viability of student fee 
autonomy and thc corresponding autonomy 
of UCSD student government." The task 
force will submit progress reports to the 
council every quarter and produce a recom-
mendation on the feasibility of autonomy. 

Item 0 
The A.S. Council approved Student 

Organization Program funding for fall 2003 
and Operating Funding for the 2003-04 acad-
emic year by a vote of 15-3-1. Requests for 
funding touled more than S 111,700 while 
$59,193 was allocated. An appeal filed by 
Campus Crusade for Christ garnered the 
organil.3tion $781 in funding. Appeals heard 
for the Cognitive Science Club and Raas 
Ruckus did not result in allocation changes 
for those organizations. A motion to pull the 
item from the finance committee for discus-
sion on the council floor failed 4-15 -0. 

New Business 
Item A 

A.S. President Jeremy Paul allagher sub-
mitted a draft of the 2003-04 Executive 
Budget. The budget projects 19,400 students 
and a tOtal campus activity fee revenue of 
$1,352,200. Over $3,000 remains unallocated . 
An additJonal $109,309 is expected to be gen-
erated by A.S. Soft Reserves, Grove affe 3nd 
A.S. Lecture Notes. Additional budget meet-
mg WIll take pia e throughout thiS week 
before the budget I considered by the cOlln -
cil allts June 4 meeung. 

- CompiJed by Neil Spears 
Srnlo,. ,off Wnttr 

TIIURSDAY, MAY 29, 2003 THE UCSD GUARDIAN NEWS J 

UCSD implements st~ff retention plan 
Program asks participants to cut hours, pay 

By MARNETTE FEDERIS 
Senior Staff Writer 

In the face of the state's budget 
crisis, the Department of Academic 
Affairs and the Department of 
Business Affairs have implemented 
the University of California Staff 
and Academic Reduction in Time 
program, \\ hich will start June I 
and end in 2005. 

The program will allow non-
probationary career staff members 
and academic personnel, excluding 
faculty and students with academic 
ti des, to voluntarily cut their 
working hour and the corre-
sponding pay. The reduced hours 
will allow departments to generate 
salary savings in times of budget 
cuts. 

"It 's one strategy 10 help cam-
pu es to addres budget deficit," 
said Assistant Vice Chancellor for 
Resource Administration Debbie 
McGraw. "The idea came last fall 
and there were lots of discussions 
about different stratcgies in cop-
ing with cuts. It 's meant to be tem-
porary and gives departments 
some brea thing room to imple-
ment budget cuts." 

In exchange for the reduced 
hours, participants will be able to 
accumulate vacation and sick-pay-
leave credits and service credit for 
the UC Retirement Plan at the 
same rate prior [Q the implemen-
tation of S.T.A.R.T. Participants 
will also be eligible for UCRP 
pension, death benefits and dis-
ability income, according to the 
unreduced salary deriving from 
the Highest Average Plan 
Compensation and the final salary. 

"1 think it would be a good 
opportunity for those who want to 
take advantage of it," said Luis 
Silvas, a cashier for the Central 
Cashier's Office. uYou would have 
the option for more flexibility and 
it's basically u ed to not layoff 
people." 

Others are not certain whether 
or nOlthcy would lVant to partici-

pate in the program. 
"Y'm not sure, " said one main -

tenance mechanic from I lousing 
and Dining Services. "As long as 
they keep it voluntary lit's fine], 
but for me, this is my only 
income and I'd be in a bad way if 
I take a big hit in my salary with a 
new home, new car and two 
kids." 

University clerical employees 
are within one group that would 
be eligible for the program. The 
Coalitiun of University 
Employees, a union organi7.ation 
of UC clerical employees, has 
made several sugges':ions for the 
program, including a request that 
employees be allowed to chartge 
their minds and rerum to their 
previous schedules. 

"This seems ironclad and the 
UC would have to allow a return 
to previous working conditions," 
sa id Sally Hampton, president of 
C.U.E. Local 5 San Diego. 

According to I lampton, the 
program would not protect work-
ers from having to take extra 
workloads for those who paroci -
pate in S.T.A.R.T. 

llampton also aid that many 
people represented by C.U.E. 
would not be able to afford the 
reduced hours and salaries. 

"1 believe it is primarily a 
cost-saving measure for the 
University of California. It can 
provide time off for some cleri-
cals, those who can afford iI, but 
because it involves salary reduc-
tions, most clericals simply can't 
afford it," Hampton said. "We 
simply don't make enough 
money." 

Implementation of the pro-
gram within a specific depart-
ment will depend on the depart-
ment head. Employees wishing to 
participate will also need the 
approval of their individual 
supervisor and the department 
head . A S.T.A.R.T. contract must 
be signed by the participanl and 
the department before initiating 

the agreement. Additionally, 
length of participation for each 
individual is under their own dis-
cretion. 

"The program is built in a way 
that an employee goes on it for a 
defined period of time, and they 
wOlild then automatically go to 
where they were before after tha t 
period," McGraw said. 

According to Director of 
Policy Development and Quality 
of Work/Life Jonnie Craig-
Winston, there have been a num-
ber of responses to the program, 
generally in support of it. 
However, it is not yet certain 
which departments will approve 
the implementation of the pro-
gram. 

For UCSD Libraries, imple-
mentation of the program will be 
on an individual basis. According 
to Head of Library Human 
Resources Maria Din, UCSD 
Libraries have yet to set up the 
parameters for applying the pro-
gram within the various depart -
ment. 

"Every department is different 
with different needs and staff 
accommodations," Din said. "It's 
going to be on a case-by-case 
basis. The program is meant to be 
saving costs, and we want to make 
sure that it will really be saving 
money and thaI it doesn't cost 
unnecessary workload." 

Others are also concerned 
with malcing sure that ervices 
provided remain the same before 
and after the implementation of 
S.T.A.R.T. 

"It provides opporrunities for 
employees who have other oblig-
ations such as family and school-
ing," said Tammy Dearie, head of 
the Social Science and 
Humanities Library. "It's a bal-
ance in our services because there 
would be some positions that we 
can't hire behind. We can't 
reduce our services; we just have 
to get by with fewer hours in the 
staff." 

Tibora Girayc-Blum/Cuordion 
Slge words: Many were turned away from Gates' lecture as Pnce Center Ballroom 
was filled to capacity with faculty, staff, students and other interested listeners. 

Gates: Lecture focused on 
creation of new technology 

concinu;od from page I 
different companies over the past 
few years. 

Much of Gates' lecture focused 
on new scenarios of innovations 
being developed and produced, 
including items he termed as "form 
factors." The tablet is included in 
this group, as is a wri twatch called 

the "Spock watch." The wristwatch 
would be able to trade. personal 
information, Stich as messages and 
calendar, and receive transmis-
ions of information, sllch as news 

and spons programs. It would be 
five times more powerful than the 

See TALK, Page 

Having Housing Problems in September? 
Solution: Tell Mom & Dad to 

buy a Condo! Call Now! 
" I realized I needed to start hunting around for a place to live, so I gave Tobin 
a ca ll. In short, Tobin hooked me up! After I had found a place that I liked, he 
fought off other bidders until the place was ours. Tobin helped me every step 
of the way. He came to my apartment and took the forms and delivered them 
to the appropriate places for me. So now I have this 
property, but I won't even need it until next year-not a 

problem! Tobin found renters immediately. The condo will be paying for itself until I am ready to move 
in. He is simply the best!"-Brandon Foster 

You can: • Rent the extra rooms to your friends ... 
• Use the rent money to pay for the mortgage .. , 
• You live in the condo for FREE, and ... 
• ... your parents can write off the interest on the mortgage! 

COLDWeLL 
BANl{eRO ASSOCIATES REALTY 

9988 Hilbert Street, Ste 100, San Diego, CA 92131 
Each office is independently owned and operated 

Have your parents ca ll TO BIN 
today at 

(858)637-0609 
e-mail:Finestrealtor@hotmail.com 



EDITORIAL 
Josh Crouse, 
Editor In Chief 

lauren I. Coartney, 
Managing Editor 

Charlie Tran, 
Managing Editor 

Evan MClaughlin. 
News Editor 

Claire J. Vannette, 
Oplnton Editor 
Jessica tingel. 

ASSOCIate Opinion Editor 

The UCSO Guardlon ,s published !'A'ee a wee at the University of 
Cal,fom,a at San D'ego Contents (c) 2003 V,ews expressed hereIn 

represent the malorry YO e 01 the edltonal board and are not necessar· 
,Iy those of he UC Board of Regents. he ASUCSD or the members of 

the GuordlOn staff 

National Guard 
tuition break 

could be improved 
While most UC tudents are loolcing at 

the first fee increase in eight years, a 
California Assembly bill could allow mem-
bers of the California National Guard and 
military reserves a huge break in the cost of 
tuition - a yearly tuition rate of $7 O. 

Authored by Assemblywoman Carol Liu 
(D-La Canada Flintridge), the bill would 
erve both to reward rational Guard and 

re erve members and to facilitate recruit-
ment. In addition to the di counted fee, the 
bill proposes that tudents called into active 
duty during the school year be reimbursed 
for fee and campu housing costs. 
Currently, California is one of only three 
tates that does not already offer benefits to 
tudent who have served. 

The bIll has its merits. It wouJdn't place 
that much of a strain on the state budget and 
would reward tudents who certainly deserve 
orne kind of compensation for their service. 

The yolicy has a some validity in its exten-
sion of scholastic reward to officers. The 
current proces does not provide any kind of 
reward to tho e oldiers who have prO\'ed 
themselves worthy of an elevated office. 
Pre\;ously, once individual became officers, 
they would 10 e their education benefit pack-
ages, which were intended a recruitment 
tools for lower-enlisted members. 

Even ill an establishment where officers 
arc enlIsted separatdy from the standard 
ranb, it should not be a puni hment to serve 
as an officer. [ndeed, that position is one that 
hould be viewed with encouragement, as a 

reward for excellent service rather than a 
detriment to a career outside the military. 

But for all that this bill offers, it could be 
made a lot more sensible. Perhaps instead 
of herding students into a particular acade-
mic patn, such as the University of 
California, they could be allowed to attend 
the school of their choice using a voucher 
sy tern imtead of a di count. 

The waiver system will give discharged 
National Guard and reserve members the 
right to choose their own educational 
establishment. As long as individuals are 
qualified to attend, they should be allowed 
the freedom to select a school for them-
selves. As it is, the content of this bill does 
nOl match its concept. 

PROPS & FLOPS 
n Hear ye: Pr~ to getting Bill Gates, J Michael Dell and Joe Lieberman to ... speak alUCSD. • 

Summer tmin': Aops to the 
recent increase In summer 

session fees. 

Letters to the editor 
A reader advises a Guardian sex 

columnist to consider the 
sensibilities of those around her 

when talking on the phone. 
page 6 

THURSDAY 
MAY 29, 2003 

4 

"IF THEY WANTED TO MAKE A NEW TWENTY DOLLAR BILL,THEY 
SHOULD HAVE USED MICHAEL JACKSON, NOT ANDREW J ACKSON!II 

Kenrick LeungtCuordion 

Voluntary funds should not be banned 
Resident advisors will face monetary woes 

By JESSICA LlNGEL 
Assoaate OPinion Editor 

DespIte the perks of on-campus 
housmg and a free meal plan, bemg a 
re Idennal adVIsor come with a num-
ber of headaches. In addition to intro-
ducmg a herd of freshman IntO their 
mdlvldual collegiate experiences, there 
are poliCIes to explai n, procedures to 
follow and events to plan. Thanks to a 
mandate from the Counctl of Deans, 
some aspects of the Job Just got a lot 
harder. 

Begmmng fall quarter 2003, RAs 
WIll no longer be allowed to olicit 
acuVlty funds from their local on-cam-
pus residents. Perhaps unsurpnslllgly, 
the issue was brought to the attentJon 
of the council by Vice Chancellor of 
Student Affairs Joseph w. Watson, 
who ha~ taken a stance against the col-
lecoon of such dues. 

Currently, RAs use an annual $16 
per-capita fund provided by Housing 
and Dil1lng ervices. Once those funds 
run out, RAs ask theIr students to fork 
over the cash needed to fund various 
actJVlties. Those actiVIties can range 
from a trIP to Los Angeles for a taping 
of "The Pri ce is Right" to "Godfather" 
marathons to ice cream sundae fests. 

Accordmg to the counctl's decision, 
the $16 amount IS suffiCIent for 
planned acuVJtJes, and SOllCltlllg Stu· 
dents for additional revenue would be 
unnece ary and unfaIr 

Ask any RA If the $16 I~ ~uffi<:,ent, 
and It '~ a dIfferent perspective 

r' or example, banmng voluntary 
fund~ could cut an estimated $28,000 
from Revelle College'~ budget, whIch 
ha~ already f~<:ed a $ 1 7,000 budget cut 
from stlIdcnt affaIrs. Instead of reduc· 
IIlg pressure on student to pay - kecp 
III I11l11d, these banned fund~ wcre 
never mand.llOry - It'~ mcreaslng 

pr~sure on RA.; to somehow find wa~ 
to encourage student Intcractlon with -
out fund~ 

It '~ ~ fal~c dIchotomy to present tim 
cenano a one In whlch either the RA~ 

CAMPUS 

" Instead. of reducing pressure 
on students to pay - keep in 

mind, tkse lxmned funds 
were never mandatory - ies 
increasing pressure on RAs 
to somehow find ways to 

encourage student interaction 
without funds, " 

ask for funds from the students or they 
rely solely on the $16 per rcsldent. A 
thIrd option thar has been suggested to 
offset the prOjected decreases in rev-
enue I~ to raIse the on-campus hou~i ng 
rale In order to accommodate student 

aCllvltJe~ . 
'I1m option I~ perhaps more rca on-

able than a collection per activity. If 
Hudenu. had pa,d a fee at the t3rt of 
the quarter, they would be more likely 
to parnclpate In actJVltJe~ throughout 
the year, wanting to take advantage of 
fund., th~t they had proVIded. 

But Imtead uf a~lang ~tudenu. to 
foot the hili at the ~tart of the year 
when they're already hit with flr.,t wne 

tUItion and textbooks, there could be a 
university-subsidized fund that would 
give RAs the financial resources to plan 
activities without hirnng up their resi-
dents. 

Such a method would set up a pool 
of financial resources for RAs to use 
that wouldn 't force RAs to act as bur-
sars or students to shell out cash just to 
hang our "~th their peers. 

RAs shouldn't be put in the position 
of collecti ng funds from eager sntdents. 
When participation is based on afford-
ability, it limits both the activities and 
the number of participants. 

For an increasingly large number of 
UCSD students, freshman year is the 
only time that they will be living on 
campus, and consequently the only 
time when they will have easy access to 
planned social events with their peers. 
It's an important time as far as the for-
mation of bonds with fellow students 
and can potentially provide relation-
ships that will last throughout college. 

As such, its important not to jeopar-
dize that time by making it overly diffi-
cult for RAs to plan events with their 
students imply because raising sufficient 
funds proved to be too much of a ha Ie. 

Once the Eleanor Roosevelt College 
housing expansion is finished, there is 
lime chance that there will be vast 
increases in on-<:ampus hou 109 any 
tllne in the near future, meaning U1at 
there are likely to be no increases in the 
number of students livlJ1g on campu . 
Under such condirions, there should he 
an increased concern for making the 

mO~l of thatlimltcd lIITIe on ampu~, as 
opposed to U1C dIfficulties presented by 
the counct! 's currellt mind Ct. 

D07-cns of Mudcnts ballic It 0111 for 
RA positions every year. l11c COIllPCII -
(Jon can be ridIculously fierce for a Joh 
so demanding alhelt rewarding. If there 
I a double ~tandard In (orcmg \lUdcnt~ 
to pay for voluntary ,lCIIV'IJC~, the '01\1 
lion is not to make II h. nlcr Oil IU\, to 
provide ~(){, I ;ll evcnb, hllt rather to 
place the hurden Oil d party th ,u lJn 
afford tel pay 

THURSDAY, MAY 29, 2003 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

UTe's landmarks prompt reflection 
Smelly food and high prices equal profit 

stop 
that! 
Bertrand Fan 

U TC is an acronym. It is also a shopping mall, a place to live, or as I like to 
refer to it, 3 layer of heH realized 
into everyday life. It stands for 
University Towne entre, which 
makes me think of a renaissan e 
fair, or a Ye Olde Shopping 1all. 
And :IS much as [ di like renais-
sance fairs, UTC pisses me off 
much, much more. 

Let's start with the food court. 
What in the hell is that smell? Is it 
the ice rink? Is it barros? While 
we're on the topic, who eats at 
Sbarros) It's not this big trick like 
Star Wraps, where you eat there 
once because you don't know what 
it tastes like and never do it again. 

r mean, everybody knows what 
barro tastes like - it's at every 

goddamn mall from here to Maine 
- 'but for some reason people till 
eat there. I suppose there IS some 
sort of appd for pizza that' been 
itting undel a heat lamp for a week 

and checse that has an amazingly 
similarity to smegma. They hould 
ell T·shirts. Insread of "This Man 

Wants to Do Your Laundry," they 
could have "I Ate the Worst Pizza 
in the World, find lived!" 

But the smell isn't just barros-
I've eaten at other food courts, and 
they don 't smell nearly as bad as 
UTe's. Maybe ItS a combination of 
all the really bad restaurants there, 
and together they form that linger-

ing aroma that nauseate me and sort 
of smells like your shirt after you've 
been snowboarding for a week and 
haven't showered. But oddly 
enough, they've changed out all the 
restaurants there, and yet the smell is 
still the same. '.vhen teak Escape 
wa Arby's, it smelled like shit. 

" r m quite used to not being able to go out of 
the house for about a 
week while my hair 

grows back to a state 
where I donlt look like 

some Asian asshole who 
has a spoiler for no 

apparent reason and a 
girlfriend in a black 

miniskirt who smokes 
Marlboro Reds and 

doesn't say very much, 
but is surprisingly good 

at pool." 
When Grear Khan s was a poster 
store, and before that an arcade, it 
smelled Iilc:e shit. And I'm ure five 
years &om now, it'll melllike shit. 

I remember my first experience 
with UTe. I went to Hold 
Everything with my parents. It's 

this furnirure store that doesn't exist 
anymore, which is somewhat poetic 
justice because they charged $5 for 
a hanger. At the time though, there 
was no IKEA, and acntal furnintre 
shopping down Miramar consisted 
of looking at really neat 30,000 
coffee tables and beds that used to 
be rrees in some third-world coun-
try. It was either that or Ralphs. 
After that, we went to I lops, which 
isn't even named I tops anymore, 
but I'm sure is stiH overpriced and 
not unlike every other restauranl 
within a five-mile radius. 

Overpriced seems to be the gen-
eral theme of UTC. r recently had 
to go there for a haircut at Rocco's. 
Imagine my surprise when they 
tried to charge me $18 and moved 
the student discount to onJy valid 
one day in February on leap years. 
I can accept lousy haircuts: I'm 
quite used to not being able to go 
out of the house for about a week 
while my hair grows back to a state 
where r don't look like some Asian 
asshole who has a spoiler for no 
apparent reason and a girlfriend in 
a black miniskirt who smokes 
Marlboro Reds and doesn't say very 
much, but is surprisingly good at 
pool. I'm fine with that. 

What I'm not okay with is pay-
ing $20 for it. If r wanted a shitty 
haircut for $20, I'd just go to 
Supercuts and get it over with; at 
least there I wouldn't have to 
endure a fake conversation that can 
be reduced to what razor to use and 
the length of my sideburns with 
intermittent ramblings about how 
my stylist really wants to travel in 
Europe or work with kids, but is 

See STOP, Page 6 

San Diego neighborhoods are varied 
Much lies beyond La Jolla, campus 
pe~'s-eye 

view 
Sam Wilson 

L ast weekend I moved from Clairemont to Mira Mesa, despi te all of my better 
instincts protesting. If you're like 
most UCSD sophomores, you 
probably have a vague sen e of 
where Clairemont and Mira Mesa 
are. That vague sense, were it to 
take entence form, would probably 
say something like "Neither of 
these places are Pacific Beach, La 
Jolla or Sea World: Does not com-
pute." 

Since I'm not feeling all that 
funny tocby, I thought I'd give a 
brief le.Hual tour of "The Rea[ an 
Diego," or at least what r know of 
it. If ItS well received, it will be fol-
lowed up by "From EI Cajon to 

atlonal City: Extreme an 
DIego." That's sarcasm. ome 
places are really JUSt worth ignor-
Ing. \Vhy I it rhat whenever YOIl 
get a ccrtalll number of mile from 
the ocean, you tart eeing tores 
like "Boot World," "Lure 
Landmass" and "Gun rack 
Umverse?" There must be some-
thll1g in th3t stagnant inland aIr. 
, mething ~tupid. 

Whilc I don't con ider my elf 
stupid, I do consider my elf poor. 
Thar brings u to La Jolla. The 
Jewel. ingular. Basically, ju ! an 
overwrought euphemi m for 
nerve -laden ponion of the female 
anatomy. Like I aId, way toO 
expensIve. If you can't kick your 
craving in the jewels, buy her an 
Ice cream at the Marble Slab (be t 
Ice cream in San Diego) and Q few 
beers at Karl trau s (be t brewery 

attached to a bar, and not the other 
way around) and La Jolla will be 
all your for the evening. You 
won't even have to spend the 
night. 

Continuing south along the 
coasr is Pacific Beach, taking sec-
ond prize after Oeean Beach in San 
Diego's tight contest for "stupidest 
beach name." People in PB suffer 
from a degenerative brain syn-
drome of a completely different 
nature than East County: They 
swallowed too much sea water and 
their brain dried Out. Like Tijuana, 
PB can be done sober or at night, 
but not both. 

The be t vantage point for peo-

" That's right ladies and gen~ tlemen, start your engines, 
PB is quite possibly tk 

heterosexual fitness capital 
of tk United States, /I 

pie watching is World Famous 
relaurant, where you cal1 eat lob-
ter bl que and watch ome of 'an 

Diego's finest mcn and women try 
to make a little bisquc of their own. 
That's right ladies and gentlemen, 
start your engines, PB is qui te po -
sibly the hetero exual fitne s capirat 
of the United tates. 0 watch out 
for creatine in your fi h taco. 

If you go inland from Pacific 
Beach, you'll hit Clairemont. If La 
Jolla is the jewel, then Clalremont 
is the chintzy tiara sitting atop the 
illegitimate princes f the welfare 
state. If you want to share a 40-
year- Id barrack converted into a 
duplex WI [h a foster mother and her 
p ychoti dog, all ju t a 12 minute 

drive from campus, then 
lairemont is the place for you. 

To get a feel for the ambience, 
go to Clairemont Town Square, 
buy a bucket of chicken wings, 
drive 100 yards down the road for a 
dozen Krispy Kreme donut and 
when you're done, waddle around 
Marshalls for a few hour com-
plaining how everything is too "tow 
cut" and asking if they have 
American Flag sweatpants with vel-
cro flys. 

Driving east a bit, you get into a 
lighter industrial area, highlights of 
which are Ranch 99, one of the 
many boba houses that dot the 
landscape and The Scene (an all-
ages club in an abandoned ware-
hou e tucked behind a tire tore ... 
buy a Red Bult for a 14-year-old 
riot girl and see where luck takes 
you). 

Further outh i Mission 
Valley, a promi ed land of malls. 

ome scientists say thaI in that the 
flood of the century will com-
pletely decimate tission alley, 
which is reason enough for me to 
take advantage of the great deals 
now. 

The most exciting area of 'an 
Diego is Mid ity. Going from west 
to east in no particular north- outh 
order are Mi ion Ilill , Ilillcrest, 
University Heights, orlllal 
Ileights, onh Park and 
Ken ington. The e lnicrocommu-
nities all operate :IS semi-indepen-
dent Clty- tate. In ormal HeIghts 
(which gets the prize for best 
neighborhood name ever, 111 my 
book), one can walk a block and go 
from gorgeous home to urban 
blight. This can be useful when you 
want to ell something quickly. It 
also encourage, getting to Icnow 
your neIghbor, so that you Imow 

S~e PEA, Page 6 

CONGRATULATIONS! 
Hilton San Diego Resort, 
Hilton La Jolla Torrey Pines and 
Doti>letree San Diego Mission Valley 
Congratulate the graduates of the 
University of California San Diego. 

OPINION 5 

Our family of hotels is proud to offer your 
family and friends 10% off our regular room 
rates when they stay at one of our hotels. 

® 
Hilton 

W 
Do RlrTRfF 

Ilorn 
Hiitan San DU'gtJ Resort 

Doubletrel Hotel San DI<!lfI' Millsum Val lei! 
HilionLt:.Jolla Torr~ Pines . 

To make your reservation, 
simply call1-800-HIL TONS 
and ask for the UCSD rate. 

Congratulations 2003 graduates! 

UCSD CENTER FOR THE HUMANITIES 
... Continuing the Dialogue ... 

'The UCSD Center for the Humanities presents: TIu H .. ....w, Di<Uo, .... , 
a seoo of lectures and conversations on important current issues. 

DR. WILLIAM BECHTEL 
UCSD Professor of Philosophy 

and 

DR. JONATHAN SINGER 
University Professor and UCSD Research Professor of Biology 

will speak. on: 

"The Epistemology of Evidence" 
Much of the evidence used to develop and evaluate scientific theories, especially 
in the life sciences, depends on the complex use of instruments and research 
techniques.Often the procedures by which these instruments and tecbniques generate 
evidence is not well understood at the lime they are employed, raising the specter 
that the resllits are artifacts - products of the technique alone and not infonnative 
about the underlying phenomena. How do scientists adjudicate whether their results 
are evidence or artifact? Professor Bechtel will tty 10 answer this question using 
case studies from the introduction of the electron microscope and the uJtncentrifuge 
in ceU biology in the post World War U period. Professor Singer will mate conunents 
from a scienti5t's perspective. 

June 3, 2003 
7:30 pm, Solis Hall, Room 104 

fREE AND OPEN TO TIlE PUBLIC. For additional information pleue taU 8S8-S34-0999 

STUDEN 
Plan ahead for summer. 

Store your things 
with us. 

Student discounts 
on selected sizes. 

Many to choose 
·from. CALL NOW! 

~STORAGE~ 
(858)693-1717 I"~ ~,. -' 9434 Kearny Mesa Rd. 

o 0 San Diego, CA 92126 



6 OPINION 

Stop: Toying 
with salesmen 

offers some 
amusement 

continued from page 5 
in tead forced to inhale toxic fumes 
all day. ot that I'm bitter. 

While I'm waiting for my 
appointment to get a haircut, I usu-
ally walk around the mall a bit, but 
1 don't get very far before some guy 
with bleached hair in a cheap dress 
shirt from Ross asks me if I have a 
cell phone. The main point is not 
to answer him because an affirma-
tive would lead to a discussion 
about the qlLllity of service, and a 
negative would lead to a discussion 
about my hidden desire for a cell 
phone that is inside of me and des-
perately wants to be resolved. IfI'm 
particularly bored, I'll talk to him, 
a k him question about the most 
expensive phone he has, pick out a 
few acce sories, a lO-year extended 
warranty and then say I'll need to 
think about it. Salespeople call this 
procedure "stroking." 

I did some extensive re earch for 
this column, which consisted main -
ly of typing UTC into Google, and 
I found from a 199 press release 
that it take in more than $300 mi l-
lion in annual sales with specialty 
store sales per square foot of 53 73. 
That's 5373 per square foot . When I 
think about that concept, 1 picture a 
store with just stacks of money in 
neat little squares. 

I also picture Mr. Westfield, and 
he's got one of those big rooms of 
gold like in "Duck Tales," and he's 
doing the backstroke. Which i real-
lya waste if you have a lot of money 
- I'd Jusr get a room full of trampo-
hnes. Another good idea is a room 
that's JUSt a big bed. You open th 
door and then fall ontO this massive 
bed, wruch spans from wall to wall. 
Or perhaps I could suspend mat-
tresses on the walls to, but that may 
be a bit too much like a padded cell. 

Want to tell Bertrand to stop that? E-
mail him at berrrond@fan.net. 

Pea: North 
Park and 

Hillcrest have 
ambience 

continued from page 5 
whose name to scream when you 
wake up with a junkie Sltung on 
your throat holding a sharpened 
trowel. 

If you'd like a more relaxed 
Mldcity experience, Hillcrest has 
been effeu.vely beauofied and gen-
tri {jed by the gay pioneers of yes-
teryear. Catch some cheap sushi at 
M.itsuyama then try your hand bat-
ting for the other team at Rlch 's or 

umbers (or for the ladles, the 
Flame). I ley, don't get 
defenSive It's college. 

Another great bar In the area -
thiS one 111 Notth Park - IS called 
The Red Fox. The amazing hHlcy 
Allen wows them most nighcs with 
her huge hair and flawles plano 
playing along WIth her husband's 
clarinet. You can request any song 
you'd likc and ~ing whil e she 
accompanies. If you're hard up, get 
a little auced dunng a game of 
electrOniC darts up the street at 
Lancers. You can hIt on the jaded 
punk bartender/owner while Ii ten-
II1g to the PiXles and eatmg beef 
Jerky. That's the an Diego I know 
and love. 

Leaking flUids? Whars your minor 
malfunction? Let Sam know at phat· 
pharmer@hatmatlcom 

ruE UCSD GUARDIAN 

LmERS TO THE EDITOR 
Sex columnist should 

get a reality check 
Editor: 

Jessica Lingel's May 12 article 
inspired me to comment. Although 
few would wish to legally prohibit 
Lingel from speaking with her girl-
fTiend about their vibrators, which 
apparently are of the same brand 
and model number, at a bus stop, 
perhaps she couId have considered 
the social norm of our society 
before making the decision to 
engage in such a discussion in a 
public setting. Most of us wish to 
keep the intimate details of our 
lives private and are somewhat 

embarrassed when others disclose 
such matters in public. 

As Lingel admits in her story, 
after discussing the limitations of 
her model - that onJy had one 
speed - she faced "a crowd of 
stunned bystanders." UnJess she 
enjoys such attention, she should 
consider using a bit more discretion. 

- Steven Dickerson 
FArl '''''lrTt7I College junior 

Gates event was 
poorly planned 

Editor: 
I just returned from your 

lovely campus and the long line 
of folks interested in hearing Mr. 
[Bill] Gates. The school's adver-
tising brought a huge audience 
other than just UCSD enrollees. 
Why wasn't the school properly 
prepared? Just be glad this was-
n't Baghdad instead of UCSD. 
You might have had a riot on 
your hands. 

May 1 suggest that in the future 
you advertise less or plan on a 
larger venue for such a popular 
icon as Gates? Of course I may, 
but I'm pretty sure you won't do 
it. 

- Sandra Lippe 
Retired ttachtr 

" " tVU'UJ. ucsdp;uarcliall. org 

PaId Adv.,tI.ement of IIndow •. com 

Fact Sheet On Bill Gates and 
. Microsoft Corporation 

Q: Can you provide some background on Bill Gat .. ? 

THURSDAY, MAY 29, 2003 

A:. Bill Gates was born 1955 and founded Microsoft Corporation in 1975 with Paul Allen. Mr. Gates was CEO and Chairman of Microsoft 
until 2000 when he gave up the CEO title to Steve Ballmer. During that time, Microsoft has become the largest and richest software company 
in the world with $46 billion in the bank and adding nearly one billion per month to that total. It has made Bill Gates the richest man in 
the world with an estimated wealth of $54.44 billion dollars or $187 for every man, woman and child in the United States. 
Q: Can you provIde a brief history of Microsoft? 
A:. IBM asked Microsoft to produce an operating system for their upcoming "personal computer" in early 1980s. That product became MS 
DOS and made billions for Microsoft. Microsoft followed that up with Microsoft Windows and the components of Microsoft Office (Microsoft 
Word, Microsoft Excel and Microsoft PowerPoint) . 
Q: Doesn't that make Microsoft the most Innovative PC software company? 
A: Virtually every successful Microsoft product was either purchased from another company or a direct copy of an existing company's 
successful product. Microsoft first major success, MS DOS, was purchased from another company and renamed from QDOS. Microsoft 
Windows was a copy of Apple's innovative Macintosh operating system. Microsoft Word (1983) was a copy of Wordperfect (1982). Microsoft 
Excel (1985) was a copy of Lotus 1-2-3 (1983). Using revenue from their monopolies, Microsoft purchased PowerPoint (from Forethought), 
Frontpage (Vermeer), and Visio (Shapewear). 
Q: The history of PC software Is companies borrowing Ideas from others, so what Is wrong with that? 
A:. To some degree almost all technology companies build on existing ideas. But Microsoft has often engaged in wholesale copying without 
adding much. And with many of the original companies gone or withering Microsoft is embarking on a calculated plan to rewrite history 
and position themselves as the original innovator. For example, Microsoft now c1ainu that they are the sole inventor of "windows" and no 
other company can use that term in spite of the fact that Microsoft Windows was such a close copy of the Apple Macintosh that it triggered 
a lawsuit upon its release. (See law.ricJrmoruJ.edu/joltlvlillm!ltn.htm/) 
Q: Even If they're not Innovative, Mlcroaoft's products are so widely used that they must be making great products which 
makes Microsoft a g .... t company. 
A:. Normally, when a company enjoys success it's a sign of a good company serving their customers. While Microsoft employees have surely 
worked hard, their success has been tainted by decades of illegal actions from Microsoft management to secure, maintain and extend their 
monopoly position. 

After the success of MS DOS, a competing product emerged called DR DOS causing MS to lower their prices. Bill Gates wrote in an email, 
"I believe people underestimate the impact DR-DOS has had on us in terms of pricing." (May 18, 1989) So Gates gave orders to executives 
at Microsoft to purposely sabotage DR DOS. "Make sure it (DR DOS) has problems running our software in the future ." And where it didn't 
have problems, programmers were instructed to create bogus error messages saying that it did. The tactic worked and DR DOS was forced 
out of business leaving Microsoft a monopoly. Years later MS paid more than $100 million to settle this case - long after DR DOS was no 
longer a threat. (Set WUIW.drdos.comlfuJlslorylfacislal.hlmi) 

With the MS DOS monopoly as a foundation, Microsoft continues a series of illegal actions designed to extend their monopoly to additional 
products including Microsoft Windows and Microsoft Office. For example, they threatened and extorted computer manufacturers to enter 
licenses agreeing to only carry Microsoft products. By the time the Justice Department caught up to them and filed two antitrust cases 
(1993, 1996) for a wide range of unfair and anti-competitive actions, Microsoft had cemented a massive monopoly which gave them hoards 
of cash to fight any company - or even the government. Microsoft settled the first case agreeing to change its illegal marketing practices 
and was found guilty in the second case. (See www.washinglonposl.comlwp-srvlbusiMssllonglermlmicrosoltldocumenJs.hlm) 
Q: lan't this Just. c ... of loalng companl.s complaining becau .. they couldn't compete? 
A:. Over the last 20 years, it is difficult to find another company which exhibits such a lengthy pattern of illegal behavior designed to thwart 
competition. Email from a MS executive said it best, "It seems clear that it will be very hard to increase browser share on the merits of IE 
[Internet Explorer] 4 alone .... It will be more important to leverage the OS asset to make people use IE instead of Navigator. ' 2/24/97 There 
have even been cases where Microsoft has stolen technology which has put companies out of business such as San Diego's Stac Electronics. 
Ajury found MS guilty and ordered them to pay $110 million. (See www.vaxxine.comllaw!lers/arlic/islstac.hlm/) 

THURSDAY, MAY 29, 2003 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

Vietnamese history, language programs cut 
VSA hopes to salvage heritage program for fall 2003 
By CHllmNE PM 

Staff Writer 

Due to the recent state budget 
crisis and the subsequent cancella-
tion of all Vietnamese programs at 
the Graduate School of 
International Relations and Pacific 
Studies, lR/PS recently resorted to 
canceling ~ II future Vietnamese 
history and language programs, 
due to the lack of adequate funding 
and the small number of enroll-
ment in the classes that were 
offered at the school. 

Previous to the cancellation, 
two Vietnamese courses per quar-
ter, consisting mostly of under-
graduate enrollment, were offered 
at IRIPS. 

In order to retain Vietnamese 
programs for UCSD students, the 
Vietnamese Student Association 
has been working alongside the 
Linguistics Language Program in 
order to keep afloat the currently 
scheduled Vietnamese heritage lan-
guage program being offered to 
students for Fall 2003. 

According to the Linguistics 
and Language Department, offer-
ing heritage language courses to 
undergraduate students is essential. 

"With heritage speakers, it's 
known that the earlier you start, 
the better you're likely to improve 
your native language, and that is 
crucial," said Maria Polinsky, chair 
of the Linguistics Language 
Program. 

According to Polinsky, addi-
tional funding, beyond what comes 
from grants given to the program, 
will need to be allocated by other 
means in order to sustain future 
Vietnamese courses at UCSD. 

To this aim, the VSA has been 
organizing numerous fund-raising 
activities. Beyond getting 300 stu-
dents who are interested in the 
offered Vietnamese courses to 
petition, $40,000 is needed to fully 
guarantee such a program in the 
linguistics department. 

"Students really want to keep 
this program for next year. 
They've gone out to the commu-
nity by appearing in radio shows, 
they've sat in front of stores, and 
the response is just really positive," 
said Thuy Yo, a graduate student 
of ethnic studies. "They definitely 
thinle it's wonh fighting for." 

According to Vo, funds must be 
raised by Jan. 1, 2004 for the pro-
gram to pull through. One hWldred 

percent of the funds would be given 
to the staff teaching the courses. 

A fund-raising banquet is 
scheduled for May 30, where the 
VSA plans on gathering the major-
ity of their donated funds. 

Members of the VSA empha-
sized the importance of such pro-
grams to future students and the 
significance of learning the lan-
guage of their heritage. 

"] feel like ['m lucky to have 
had the opportunity to take these 
classes and learn about who [ real -
ly am," said VSA member Vung 
Do. "Somehow it makes me closer 
to the Vietnamese community. 
Now the opportunity is taken away 
for the incoming students. We as 
the VSA have the responsibility to 
provide the classes and keep the 
opportunity alive." 

According to the linguistics pro-
gram and VSA members, the 
IRiPS language department dis-
continued the Vietnamese program 
primarily because the student 
demand for such programs was low. 
However, some students disagreed. 

"There is a general sense that 
Vietrtamese programs for students 
are not in high demand when that 
is not the case," Vo said. "I realized 

Paid Adve,tI.ement of IIndow • . com 

the importance of taking it 
because the classes were always 
filled to capacity." 

According to Polinsky, offering 
heritage language courses for stu-
dents is important for undergradu-
ates because it allows students to 
attend courses of their native lan-
guage as early as possible, rather 
than being forced to wai t until 
they can 'take language courses 
from a graduate school. 

Currently, other heritage lan-
guage programs such as Arabic, 
Armenian and Tagalog are available 
to students. Viemamese as well as 
Korean heritage programs will be 
offered for the first time next fall, 
but are not uniquely burdened by 
the lack of funds. 

"The problem is happening 
across the board. There aren't 
enough funds for Arabic, and there 
aren't enough for Tagalog," Vo said. 

As of right now, raising funds 
for the tentatively offered Fall 
2003 Vietnamese language courses 
is the principal aim of the VSA. 

"The $40,000 is being raised to 
jump-start the program," said VSA 
member Frank Vuong. "As long as 
enrollment in these classes stays 
up, the program will stay up." 

Fact Sheet On Bill Gates and Microsoft Corporation continued 
Q: Where does Microsoft make their money? 
A:. Microsoft makes money largely from two product lines: operating systems (Microsoft Windows XP) and office suite (Microsoft Office) . 
Virtually every other venture that Microsoft has embarked upon has not generated a profit including WinCE, Xbox, MSN, WebTv. Sidewalk, 
MSNBC, etc. (See biz.yahoo.comlelllmlmsft.html) 
Q: "most product lines 10 .. money, how can they gener.te such large proflta? 
A:. Through illegal tactics Microsoft has been able to secure and keep a monopoly which allows them to charge very high rates for their 
software. Enabled by the monopoly, Microsoft's profit margins are 5 times greater than the average of the top 500 US companies. If Microsoft 
faced meaningful competition, their profits would be more in line with the rest of corporate America and software would cost 1/5 as much 
as it does today. (See research,bwinessweek.com/scoreboard.asp) 
Q: Aren't .U of the .. actions ancient history? Since Mlcroaoft h.s govemment scrutiny haven't we seen Improved 
corporate behavior? 
A:. Microsoft's massive war chest and unchanged management team means more corporate wrongdoing. This makes it extraordinarily difficult 
for competition to emerge. Just last week an email was revealed in which Microsoft executives disclosed a $180 million fund designed to 
thwart Linux by giving away Microsoft software and services (the same successful strategy they used to put Netscape out of business). (See 
www.iht.com/arliclesl96369.htmIJ In another example, over the past year Microsoft has spent millions in legal fees in an attempt to shutdown 
a San Diego Linux company, Lindows.com. (See www.lindows.com/opposilion) 
Q: But doesn't Microsoft do a lot of good? 
A: The charitable giving that Microsoft advertises is usually a business tactic where they give away software in an attempt to gain traction 
in a market such as schools. The software costs them just pennies to reproduce, but they advertise the full retail value for tax and PR reasons. 
Microsoft rarely gives actual cash. (See: www.nylimes.com/2003/0S/26/lechno[ogy/26S0FT.html) 
Q: Hasn't Mr. Gates given away billIons? 
A: Nearly 20 years after starting Microsoft and only after antitrust issues emerged, Mr. Gates created a foundation and moved billions of 
slock tlll free into this new organization which he controls as the sole trustee. Mr. Gates ' PR folks have convinced major publications to 
carry as many as 5 stories in 3 days about the multi-billion foundation in an attempt to bolster Mr. Gates ' image. (See 
theregisler.co.uklcontenI14128039.hlml) By repeatedly trumpeting the formation of the foundation, then announcing individual initiatives 
and finally announcing individual grants, readers are left with the impression that billions are routinely dispersed, but that is not true. In 
2001, the Gates Foundation collected more money in interest from their holdings then they dispersed in grants. (See: www.fdncenter.org) 

More troublesome, Mr. Gates has used monies from the foundation he controls in concert with Microsoft corporate goals. In an attempt 
to sway Cox Communications to use Microsoft software, Microsoft agreed to financially back them in Nov. 2001. '!\yo months later Mr. Gates 
purchased $500 million dollars of Cox stock with $200 million of funds from his non-profit foundation. (See www.eureka-
boslon.orglreadingslgalesJoulldalion.htm) In another example, MS gave hundreds of millions to thwart Linux growth in the Indian 
government while also making funds available from the Gates foundation to Indian government initiatives. (See news.com.comI2100-1001-
965378.html ) 
Q: Today, can we expect some d:rect que.tlona about Microsoft continuing to us. theIr monopoly poaltlon to stifle 
competition? 
A: Unlikely. Most academic institutions actively court monies from Microsoft and Mr. Gates and wish to avoid controversy which would 
jeopardize those prospects. 
Q: What can w. expect Mr. Gates to talk about? 
A: Mr. Gates will likely spend some time speaking about the importance of innovation and open standards. However those are just platitudes 
since their actions achieve exactly the opposite. Their monopoly is built upon proprietary formats that they have no intention of publishing 
(e.g. Microsoft Office file format specifications) because that would allow competition. Furthermore, they have attempted to squash any 
standard which they believe threatens their stranglehold such as MP3, HTML and Java. An mternal MS document titled "Strategic Objective" 
had this to say about Java: ",Letsl Kill cross-platform Java by growing the polluted Java market." 

In spite of the conciliatory comments Mr. Gates is likely to convey, Microsoft will continue to use their monopoly powers to destroy other 
companies - which limits competition and innovation and keeps software prices high. "Do we have a clear plan on what we want Apple to 
do to undermine Sun?" (Bill Gates email 818197) A series of recent leaked internal memos reveal an ongoing attempt by Micro oft to discredit 
and derail the latest perceived threat - Linux. (See www.opensource.orglha/loween/J 

Microsoft is engaging in a calculated and comprehensive effort to rewrite history. And in so doing position Microsoft as an innovative 
company and Mr. Gates as a visionary and philanthropist. Please research those claims for yourself on the Net using the sources listed in 
this document to determine the veracity of those claims. 

NEWS 7 

Lieberman: 
LaRouche 
supporters 
attack sen. 

continued from page I 
economy could take the national 
economy. 

"The affordable car, the tran-
sistor and the Internet: All these 
are inventions stamped with the 
label 'made in America,'" 
Lieberman said. "Imagi ne what 
fields of commerce will grow 
through widespread deployment 
of broadband Internet access. Our 
quality of life ... will change for the 
better." 

Lieberman outlined an eco-
nomic plan that called for a J per-
cent growth in national productivi-
ty per year, which he said will dou-
ble fami ly incomes every genera-
tion. 

"I really appreciated that it was 
such a well-thought-out, substan-
tive presentation," IRIPS professor 
Susan Shirk said. "This was a poli-
cy talk and not a political campaign 
talk. Of course, he is running for 
president and he wants people to 
support him ... but it was a very 
meaty speech." 

The speech was not without its 
political jabs at President George 
W. Bush and campaign-like 
promises for change. 

"The administration of George 
W. Bush has an old economic plan 
for a new-world economy," 
Lieberman said. "In doing so, it 
has let the sparks of innovation fall 
to the floor. As your next presi-
dent, I will make sure those sparks 
are kindled into a bigger fire that 
will light and grow OUT economy 
and create jobs. That IS my 
promise" 

ysha Handley, an \RIP first-
year student, saId he was nor 
ennreJy impressed WI th 
Lieberman 's speech. 

"[ thought [the speechl was all 
right," Handley saId. "It was 
vague, like all political speeches. 
He spoke about Innovation 
because he knows that that IS whJf 
we believe in." 

In addition, not everyone 
agreed with Lieberman's message. 

upporters of Lyndon LaRouche' 
preSIdential bid asked three of the 
si,l que tions during the quesuon-
and-answer penod that followed 
the speech. 

The que nons ranged from 
why Lieberman was gomg Jway 
from "the politics of FDR" with 
his economic trategles, to those 
making accusations of hnks to 
organized crime. ne of the 
LaRouche supporters was escorted 
out of the auditonur.1 Jfter refus-
ing to relinqui h control of the 
microphone. 

"The event was pretty ternble," 
aid ick Walsh, an organizer for 

the LaRouche campaign and one of 
the three who asked a question at 
the event. "There was no real con-
tent. Hi plan for po t-Industrlal 
pohcy is a fraud ." 

ther que tion that 
Lieberman fielded included ques-
tions on the Bush administratIon ' 
handling of the war on terrort 'm 
and other foreIgn policy matters, 
on violence in the medIa and 
entertainment indllstrv, ,lI1d on 
the federal governmeni's IIwol \'e-
ment in rebuilding hIStorICal 'iJles 
that are hOll e of wor hIp. 

Despite the di turbance cau~ed 
by LaRou 'he lIpportcr), Langley 
said that the event went well. lie 
pOllltcd to the blg-n,lme >pc,\ ker~ 
that have cOllie to eSD In 
recent weeks - LlcbcrtllJn, 
,\ltchael Dell , BIll CJte Jnd JIl 
upcommg event with ,\1 IchJcl 
Robertson - J J sign that the 
1I1l1ver Ity ha J lot of nJtlonJI 
respect. 

"U 'D I becomIng a place 
where people want to go to get 
theIr message out," Langley ald. 



Summer: 
Fees raised to 
reflect likely 

year increases 
continued from page I 

pub!. hed matenal early in the 
rear a)ing that fees were subject to 
change." 

Planning for UC D's summer 
session begins in ovember. 
According to Arce, details for the 
UC 0 ummer Sf sion fee increase 
were finalized on March 27, in time 
for the beginning of summer 
enrollment on April 14. The new 
fees were displayed on 

tudentLink, but no pub!.c 
announcement was made. 

The UCSD summer session 
program has not een an increase 
in several years, according to 
Arce. 

"With the summer session, we 
may see what we are afraid of in 
general with fee increa es, in which 
students who plan to go to a UC 
for summer instruction will instead 
go elsewhere, perhaps to commu-
nity college," Miller aid. uUCs 
won't be affordable to many any-
more." 

Miller also expressed discon-
tent that the regents did not dis-
cuss summer fees at their May 
meeting. 

U ndergradua te fees were raised 
by a $405 annual increase in spring 
2004. 

The additional cuts on which 
the regents are set to vote in their 
June or July meeting would ask 
undergraduates for an additional 
$795 yearl). 

The last day for to enroll in the 
first of UCSDs two summer ses-
sions isJune 13. Instruction begins 
June 30. 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN THURSDAY, MAY 29, 2003 

Nafl Guard: CA education cost would be cut 75 percent 
continued from page I 

of whom in California are on 
active duty. 

" ow it's almost impossible to 
join the National uard and only 
get away with doing the weekends 
and two weeks a year," she said. 
"It's a much harder job and more 
erious job now with the current 

state of affairs." 
Fi fry-one of the 54 states and 

territories of the United tates 
provide some form of educational 
incentive to ational Guard 
members and reservists. Alabama 
provides up to $ 1,000 for educa-
tional costs while Connecticut and 
New York provide 100 percent of 
the co ts of attending an in-state 
public university or college. orne 
state also provide money to 
attend private institutions. The 
G.!. Bill, which provides money 
for college, provides up to $900 
per month to those in the Armed 

Forces on active duty and $272 per 
month to those in the National 
Guard or Reserves. 

In addition to the 75 percent 
reduction in tuition costs, the bill 
would provide for students called 
to active duty during the cour e of 
their academic studies to be reim-
bursed for academic and dormito-
ry fees, to be allowed to take an 
academic leave from their classes 
and to be given priority for class 
registration and housing upon 
their return. 

The state legislature will pro-
vide financial support for the 
required fees while a servicemem-
ber is on active duty. Hazelton said 
that the program would cost about 
$4 million per year to operate. 

James Lubey, executive direc-
tor of the National Guard 
Association of California, said 
that, with the increasing number 
and length of deployments com-

bined with the financial burden of 
attending college, National Guard 
members in California are given 
little help. 

"A lot of times what happens 
when someone gets deployed -
and even ifit's for a fire or flood or 
something - you're in school and 
you've got to take off for two 
weeks," said LUbeY' adding that if 
deployment occurs during final, 
the soldier is then usually forced 
to take an incomplete or drop the 
class. "[The bill] will definitely 
help." 

The tructure of the National 
Guard provides promotions for 
enlisted members based on the 
level of education attained. 
Supporters of the bill are al 0 hop-
ing the incentive will improve 
retention in the California 
National Guard which has 
remained at 70 percent since 1997. 
The bill will not apply to officers, 

who must already hold a bachelor's 
degree, and will also not cover 
costs for graduate study. 

The fee reduction comes 
amidst fee increases at the 
University of California for the 
general student body. In hi May 
revision of the sta te budget, 
Governor Gray Davis allocated 
funding to allow the prograll,l to 
operate. The University of 
California will receive about $1.5 
million from the state to make up 
for the 75 percent fee reduction. 

A spokesman for the University 
of California said that because the 
governor's budget revision will 
fund the program's implementa-
tion - meaning a minimal cost to 
the university, which had been a 
major concern - the university 
has no official rOSition on the bill. 

The bill, i · approvcd, will go 
into effect starting with the 
2004-05 school year. 

Talk: Gates answers wide range of questions from audience 
continued from page 3 

original IBM per onal computer. 
According to Gates, these form 

factors will be able to connect to 
the same network that computers 
do, but the two will not compete; 
rather, the market will grow to 
accommodate both types of 
devices, allowing them to co-exist. 

"All the devices will be able to 
work together," he said. "We need 
to change the relationship of how 
they come together in order to 
solve some of the scenarios. " 

Gates said that the develop-
ment of programs that use human 
actions, such as handwriting and 
speech recognition programs, 
cause a growing admiration for 
human capabilities in the develop-

ers. He said that although there 
have been problems in the past 
with these programs, such as the 
inability to recognize names, 
progress has been made and that 
the programs will be standard by 
the end of the decade. 

"I am very optimistic about the 
future of technology," Gates said. 

Following the speech, Gates 
answered questions from 
Chancellor Robert C. Dynes, 
Professor Larry Smarr and dul-
dren from the Preuss School. 

Answering a question from 
Dynes on the contributions neces-
sary to technology, Gates said that 
university research is what sets the 
United States apart from other 
countries. He said that while much 

corporate research is being cut and 
there remains only a mode t num-
ber of companies conducting 
research, universities drive the 
industry. 

Following this statement, 
Gates was questioned on whether 
he felt an obligation to donate 
money to university research. He 
answered that a strong connection 
to the universities is important 
since trends in use can be most 
often seen on campuses. This 
connection, he said, can be 
accomplished through philan-
thropy and collaboration in pro-
jects. 

He added that he personally 
has donated hundreds of millions 
of dollars to universities for future 

developments. 
Ga tes was also askeJ personal 

questions, including what his 
favorite music is and what an aver-
age day for him is like. In response 
to this second question, Gates 
described his job as chief software 
architect. This included a descrip-
tion of what he calls "thillk 
weeks," in which he reads and 
writes in order to stay up to date 
and be open to advances in tech-
nology around the world and help 
to create further advances in the 
United States. 

Due to the large turnout for 
Gates' visit, 500 overflow scats 
were provided in Price Center 
Theater. Approximately 300 more 
people were turned away. 

r 
--------

.. 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
.. 

If you can't take it, 
can't leave it, and gutta have it-

store it! 
As if you 've got nothif'€ better 
to do - on top of studying for 
finals and recovering from last 
night, you gotta rroYe it or lose 
it Well, we've got the answer. 
Store it! That w~ you don't 
have to drag it with you and ... 
it'll be here when you get back. 
Sound easy? It is. 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

S If ~~ I A1 e '"'<»tt~ • Storage ' I 
www~.com 

I 
I 
I 

Clawemont Mna Blvd 

Fashion Valley Keamy Me .. I 619-296-5200 858-560-5660 
1501 Frazee Road 5654 Copley Drive 

.. 
- - - - - - - -

It's almost T',E! 

Attention Seniors: 
Join us at the unveiling 

of your "Class of 2003" plaque 
along Library Walk! 

Tuesday, June 3,2003 
, 2 p.m. Plaque Unveiling Ceremony 
12:15 p.m - 1:00 p.m. FREE BBQ* 
"FREE BBQ Jvail,~ only to graduating seniors 

who RSVP by Thursdiy. Miy 29. 

To RSVP for this event, please call the 
UCSO Alumni Assoclltlon 

at 858-534-3900 
or email a/umni@ucsd,edu 

The chimes atop Geisel 
library will be performed 
live by alumnus Scott 
Paulson during the 
ceremony . 

• Radiohead Film review: INside la US reviewed: 'Finding columll 10 More head Hemo' is full danct prwinu 10 scratching of fishy fun film ,-roiw 12 
p.RTS & ENTERTAINMENT see page 10 see page 12 enlendar 14 

THURSDAY, MAY 29, 2003 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 9 

The recipe: strong songwriting and energetiC shows 
Black Eyed Pea are et to begin the third chapter of their mu ical career when they release their new album £ltpb/l1Ik on J unc N . Tc promote this album 
they will S,;t rr tounng with shows In an Diego May 30 
and 31. If you caught any of their tours In the past, YOll 
know about their abilIty to entertain. They \ViiI also be the 
openlllg act for the Justin Tamberlakcl hnstina gwlera 
Justified and Stripped summer tour. 

Throughout the lifc of hip-hop, there have been com-
merCial phases that musIc has gone through, whethcr It is 
gangsta, ['--1St versus West coast or bling-bling. Ilowever, 
there has always been the con tant market for the Black Eyed 
Peas's po luve, message-driven music. The music initially 
had a storyrelllllg feel and then went off into differing mar-
kets, but with A Tribe Called Quest, De La oul and Mo 
Dcf, the roots remained a strong presence, and Black Eyed 
Pea is now a leading member of the genre. 

The group, based Out of Los Angeles, consists of the rap-
pers will.l .3m, apl.de.ap and taboo. They came together in 
1996 after WIll and apl lost their record deal from Ruthless 
Record under the name Atban Klann (A Tribe Beyond A 
Nation). Taboo was a member of rass Roots at the time but 
was friends with will and api, and they became Black Eyed 
Peas. hey began performing at colleges around Los 
Angeles when they caught the attention of Interscope 
Record, who igned them in 1997. 

Their music has been described by will as "progressive 
hip hop," or "alterna-hop," as they incorporate hip-hop, 
jungle and trip-hop into their song. This comes from the 
different cultures that each member grew up in. They are 

in the same vein as Jurassic 5, Talib Kwcli and Mos Def 
with the positive messages heard in their music. The group 
has given audiences tlmeles ruts with its most popular 
being "jol/1ts and jam" and "Request Ll/1e." 

\Vill explal/1s his hopes for the music by "trying to 
bridge the gap to tho e close-minded people who thmk 
hlp-hop i, only a cenain way because they've ju~t been lis-
tening to It for so long. They fell 111 love With it "hen It 
wa~ .I bout gun toting." 

" There are so many [hip, hop] 
albums out that glorify the 

negative experiences that the can, 
sis tent positive and fun message IS 

. " umque. 

Their mu ic ha higher aims and additionally wider 
audiences. "We try to make the ongs that we make to be 
timele ," taboo said. "There's really no time frame to the 
music that we make. So we go about piclcing the songs 
through natural instinct." 

Flrphunk is the follow up to 2001's Bridging the Gilp and 
1998's Bthind the Front. The album i consi tent with a con-

SCIOUS me age backed by innovative and dance-ready beats. 
There are appearances by Papa Roach 011 the track 
"An;aery," "hlle Justin Timberlake appears on the mCS!iage-
dnvcn "\Vhere IS the Love ., The titlt: Itself IS ne\1 1/1 that It 
no longer refers to a contradiction that the fir t two had. 

"Elephants bemg big and dOCIle if they re.llly wanted to 
they coulJ be the longs of the Jungle. As big anti maS!ilve as 
they are, they could tampede the fuck out of any hon," 
taboo said. "We felt that our musIc IS like that; It' hlg, (lur 
beats are bigger and thicker ju t like an elcphJllt. It's not to 
be pro\'oked, 'cause if you provoke It, we're gonna stam-
pede that as . Black Eyed Peas ca me With some heat to 
stampede the world, metaphorically speaking, nOt literally. 
It' a tampede of big production, ongwrinng,Just a whole 
new frontier for Black Eyed Peas, 'cause we weren't used 
to that before. ow we're a lot more knowledgeable about 
how to produce, how to be behind the board, how to Uti-
lize pro-tools, how to actually be producers." 

The album itself is a breath of fresh air and hould be 
given a chance by any fan of hip-hop. There are 0 many 
albums out that glorify the negative experiences that the 
consi tent positive and fun mes age is unique. 

Although orne may not like the idea of jumn 
Tamberlake on a track with them, he really d n't add tOO 
much of a pop sound, a, he is only there for the hook. "Let' 
Get Retarded" is their first single, and can be heard at their 
Web site, http://www.blllckrytdptas.cum. The ong i very 
upbeat, and something you would expect to hear in clubs. 

See PEAS, Page 10 

By TIM SPULECKI , STAFF WRITER 



10 HIATU 

New summer 
tours don't 
seem like 

they'll suck 
don't pop 
my shee 

Jessica Kruskamp 

F inalll'. the rock indu;tn' has figured Out c\actly ... hat I \\ ant. All I can sal' I~ thar It'S 
about flippin' tIIne, co~slderlng all 
the ocker fees I pay to these people 

ee, 1 would like my rock stars 
outside, con\'emently grouped 
coming to me, and YC;, I'd like a 
Side ortler oi enthUSiasm With that. 
This \\hole renval of the summer 
tour I, reo II) working for me. 
Thank you, nch musIc mdustry 
execs and aging rockers, thank you 

TI1c re mciratlon of the sum-
mer rock tour reqUIred e\'eral gal-
lons of nc\\ hlood In It; proverbial 
'Clns, Inlcered by flambol'anrh 
cool Perr~ Far~cll of Jane:s 
Adt!Jctlon. Farrell, wbo founded 
Lollapalooza once upon a 1991 
grunge-era time, IS the same guy 
who decided that the annual 
natlomndl' 'ummer tour needed a 
break. (Yc>, people. Lollapalooza 
has not toured InCC 1997, but 
ne,er fear. I t' back no\\. Breathe 
your collective Sigh of rehef) 

200l. bowe\ er, I the summer of 
reJu"en3110n. Lollapalooza, [he 
concert that undoubtedly changed 
.. ummer touring for eternIty, \\~II 
he back on the road Jull' 3. What' 
more, " that the artlsr.don't eem 
>0 darn burnt out. 

Lollapalooza last tow-cd amaht 
the plastic pop explOSIOn With 
teenager; drooling and ~ohillng at 
men With hair gel addiction prob-
Icm" IHISlll!( a; young "music" 
Idob and dancmg around hke 
tr Jlned pOnJe .. \11th ta .... cJs. 

II., '>omethlng we all would like 
to forget. -

>\nd Lollapaloo7.a ecm; to h,l\'e 
forgotten The fact that the tOur I; 
even hack I; a te;tament that we are 
III all UI)hlll cur\'e for the ,ummer, 
and what'; morc " the line up IS 
;urpn>lngly fre;h. jOll1mg jane'; 
Addlcuon are Audlmlave, Queen; 
of the ' tone Age, JurassIc 5, 
Incubu;, the Donna; and The 
DI;uller;. It'; a veritable hybrid of 
coolness, r~ally tall guys, thlll and 
pale guy;, and girls that WIll flip 
you off, with a few outrageous out-
fitS thrown m, all staged outdoors. 

I am a content fan. How could-
n 't I be' These bands are not ured, 
they are not overdone (yet - be 
careful Donna 1 through 4), and 
they arc all III an easy-to-see, neat 
Imle package. I t's the perfect sum-
mer of reJuvenaoon blend. 

\Nhat IS also heartening to see IS 
rock Har; that ;u\J are poundlllg 
out the summer tOur;, when they 
really probably shouldn't be out 
there, on;["ge. Case III pOint . Ozzy 
Osbourne 

(,ramed, 11 would be difficult to 
hJ"e Ol.1fest - you kno,\ the l!Jur 
where everyone WCdr; black even 
thuught It'; In the SUllJmer dnd the 
c}'chncr I., doomed to mclt 111 
,tre;lll1\ do" n the chcch \I Ith -
out nJlllc'>akc Ony hen tlHJugh 
()uy 1\ III 1m carl) 5(h, Ict., fa ce It , 
1m hody'; real age 1\ \ol1lethmg In 
the three-digit rangc . Or f(jur -
dlgll. Yct, therc he 1\, up there 
!>Creallllng expleuve, ulllntclltglhie 
;ound;, SlJrIIPlllg hiS (ect, running 
around an J yelhng, "Rock and 
Roll i" 

I Ie IJ the Prince of Darknc; , 
after all. 

See ROCK. Page I I 

THURSDAY, MAY 29, 200) 

Radiohead releases new album, ad campaign 
UCSD isn't safe from Radiohead's crusade to spread utter madness 

By BILLY GIL 
Staff Writer 

Listener beware. The new album by Radlohead, that IIlcorrigible qUll1tet that loves 
to scare the paranoia Illto us all, is 
not the roots-roclang affair they 
would have YOU to believe. 

Well , so' what' Radiohead has 
never been e,IS)' to ca tegorize or 
follow, and there's no use in trying 
to start now. RadJOhead's ixth 
album HOII to Ihe Tlm[ has been 
advertised by man)" IIlcluding the 
band members themselves, to be 
more '·song-orlented." 

Thi approach would return the 
band to the da) of creating the 
s\\ eepmg, guitar-based anthems 
that marked thClr masterful Il1Jd-
'90s album The Bf1IdJ and OK 
Crl7Jlplltt'7·. After the decldedl\' more 
difficult textures of their I;st two 
albums, 2000' IVd A and 2001 's 
Aml1ff1oc, fan and critic alike ha\'e 
been waiting for a rerum to the days 
when Radlohead songs were hum-
mabie and radlo-fnendl}'. 

Re'1slcng the1 e albums of the 
past reveals that Radlohead \l'a 
never really radlo-fnendly or 1I11me-
dlately accessible to beglll "1th. 
After it> first slllgie "Creep" blew up 
on modern rock radiO In 1993 from 
Its otherwise inconsequential debut 
Pabw HOllry, Radlohead bas never 
really had a big hlllll the U.S. 111 the 
traditional ;ense. The band ha; con-
tinually made a!bwns that garnered 
as much head scratchlllg a .. cnocal 
praise, To put It simply, Radlohead 
I'> an acquired w,re thJl has never 
really sat well With the public, 
dc;pltt! the band~ album sales e\'en-
tually cllmbmg lO platinum ratuS. 

Counesy of hltp://www.poglooI2.com 

Emotional baggage: Thom Yorke seems 10 have gotten all emotIOnal, and he'll make you feels hiS pain too. The 
upcoming release Hoil to the Thief IS another mlndbendlng Journey Into the multidimenSional world of Radlohead 

Like l17mItSJQC, II/JII to Ihf "[hit! 
h.ls hcen proml;cd to be a more 

tangible affair than the band's 
recent output. imlbr to the hype 
around AmI/wac when it was 
released, thl is complete 110n-
ense. / laJlto tbe Thu[is the band's 

most challengmg work to date. 
'Inc album starts out with the 

uncharacteriStIcally guitar-based 
and upbeat "2+2=5" (\Vhat' I 
thought It equaled 4 ! Damn your 
crazed logiC Radloheadl). It's the 
closest thmg to songs like "I IJgh 
Jnd Dry" from Tb, Bl'llds that the 

Original dance helps to 
wake up the masses 

Student choreography highlights 
spring dance concert 

By JESSICA LONG 
Senior Sta Wnter 

This weekend, the students from the theatre and dance department are shOWing 
their slall at not only danCing, 
but choreography as well. "We 
Dance/Our Dances" IS a collec-
uon of dances created, choreo-
graph ed and performed by 
undergraduates 

" 

Lang, "CircuIAJres" by Melody 
Ilu, "Gun MUSIC" by Ri sa 
Blurnlein and "Eclectic Bcat" by 
Saima M ousseau. These pieces 
include a variety o f styles of 
dance. Traditional tyles such as 
modern and jazz have a promi -
nent place in this show; howev-
e r, styles that are less seen on 
this campus such as tap, hip-hop 
and thetango are also featured . 

The inspira-

I was just watching 
television and all I 
kept hearing was 
'plastic surgery I ' 
rperfection .' 0 1 

was inspired w do a 
piece UJ wake people 

and dl rected by 
Jean Isaacs. ThiS 

~how gave many 
students their 
first taste of 
what It IS like to 
put a piece 
togcthcr from 
;lart to finish 
K a n <. han 
Dudanl sdld that 
the hJrde;t pan 
"as "pulling the 
whole PJ<.kagc 
together on 
lImc Jnt! ~eelng 
If the \'!;If)OS III 
),ollr head COIllC 
off on ~tagc " 

P" u. 

ti on for the 
pieces are as var-
ied as the cho reo-
graphers them-
selves. Dudani's 
"At Stand Stili" 
was inspired by 
the variety of pcr-
ceplIon; of lime. 
On the o ther 
hand , Green'~ 
pie c e 
" .\1 a nip u I a t c d 
LIVing" ".1; 
In;pared hy her 
percepulln of 
media 011 .. ()CICtY. 

"One evclllng 
I wa~ Jmt watch-
Ing telcvl~lon and 
all I kept hearing 

' I hI> produc-
tion "til Include 
"At A Stand 

- Lesa Green, student 
choreographer 

Sull" by Dudalll , "Laundry 
Day· by Lynn han" "10 Mana, 
With Love" hy fumr Khastoo, 
" 1alllpulatcd LIVing" hy Le;a 
1 Green, " }lui e" by jacqui 

\I a\ ' plastic 
surgery,' 'perfec tlon ,' 'happl-

ne~~ ' and how all kind; of 
unnecc;\ary ,unk were fOrle fed 

See DANCE I'ag~ 15 

band has recorded in some COle. It 
shuffles from a slow meandering 
passage to a fast-paced Jam that will 
have Radiohead fans getting misty -
eyed for those good 01' days when 
Radiohead wrote pop ongs. Thom 
Yorke ings "Penetration!" over dnd 
over agam while IllS band mates rurn 
pop- ong structures over on their 
tired a~ses once agam. It's the high 
point of the album and one of their 
best songs. 

'111C ,cC()JId ,ong ". It Down. 

tand Up." follows with a si milar 
strucmre, picking up the pace With 
electronica beats as Yo rke robotical-
I)' chants what sounds like "the rain-
drop ." Yorke lurs hi word; as if 
he' afraid to let you hear him, et-
ding instead on making you feci his 
uncertainty and paranoia. 
Truthfully, the next couple of songs 
floa t by, piano pseudo-ballads 
mfused ~th more of those darn 

ee RADIOHEAD, Page 12 

Peas: They're a fresh 
breeze to hip,hop world 

c:ontlnued from page 9 
" I lip-hop is gOing through a 

resurgence nght now. I feel like 
people are gonna stan loving It 
again and appreclaong It as a cul-
ture as opposed to a money 
maker," taboo sa id. 

In their performances, the P eas 
will give nothing but energy for 
those in attendance. They get 
hyped by the sounds of the music 
and transform that energy into 
what they do. They stan break 
dancing in the middle of songs and 
also establish their own martial 
arts- type dancing that is quite 
unique. As far as explaining their 
influeces, taboo ays he is inspired 
by shows like Cirque du Soleil, the 
Blue Man Group and tomp, more 
than he is by concerts. 

As far a the future of the music, 
he I less sure. "1 don't know what 
I to come for hip-hop. The corpo-
rations have saturated it so much 
that now you see it on Sponge Bob 

quare Pants and Burger King 

Commercial;... 0 who know 
what 's gonna happen. All we could 
do is keep our legacy gOlllg and let 
people know that hip-hop rcnldlns 
In us and will ~tay there through 
the tcst of time," he sa id. "As a cul-
ture, we're gonna let it be kno\~1 
that it's a culture and not JUSt a fad 
or phase that people are goi ng 
through. The way we'll do that is 
through our everyday lifestyle just 
to make sure that hip-hop is always 
a part of us some way." 

When you think of hip-hop 
music, Black Eyed Pea probably 
won 't be the first group that 
comes to mind. However, that 
mentality makes sen e, since they 
fit so many different categories or 
music and entertainment. If you 
can make it, check out one of 
theIr shows, either in San Diego 
or Carlsbad, or on the justified 
and tripped tour. If not, check 
out one of their album, whi ch 
have quality tracks from start to 
finish . 

Counesy of hltp/ /ltMwUOI_com 
Peas in I Pod: Black Eyed Peas are seen here 111 a rare momenl of repose 
between putting on excellenl hve shows and recording a new album 

THURSDAY, MAY 29. 200) THE UCSD GUARDIAN HIATUS II 

Rock: Bigger acts and cooler bands 
make summer music very pleasing 

continued from page 10 
07.ZY doesn't need the money, and I'm 

sure it's safer to have him sitting on the 
couch, covered in dog hair from his 
menagerie of animals. Voyeurs like myself 
[ud off watching every move he makes on 
NIT\!, and I would like to see him yelling 
from the couch, rather than from the stage. 
At lea t I know he's safe that way. 

But I still love the old bugger. Ozzy's can-
do attitude 'I nd savvy business manager wife 
Sharon put wgether a major tour that includes 
Marilyn Manson and Korn , who could be 
makin g money with their own headlining 
lOurs, rather lhan under the Ozzfest ulllhrcl ia. 
Altogether. it' encouraging and pretty idealis-
tic: Bands Joined together for the common 
love of Inusic, makeup dnd 1ll.1yhclIl, pcrform-
II1g for the common m.m. Bravo, Ony. 

Then there's the \\'arped Tour, lhe travel-
II1g rock CIrcus where all f;II1'> get sunburned no 
matter what PF they ;13p on their noses. ' 111e 
\ Varpcd Tour is always a really long day, Maged 
111 a really hot parking lot and is swarmmg with 
people young and old. Eight yea rs after it's 
genesis, the tuur is sti ll going strong with -0 
rotaong uands and a grueling tour schedule. 

But ,till, the bands play on. The}' play, 
and they like it. 

Bigger actS for this year's \Varpcd Tour 
hkc Rancid, the Dropkick Murphy' , ,\1 e 
First and the Gi mme Gimme's round out the 
lineup. It's sllmmertime; It's outside; there are 

mohawks, barbecues and heatstroke. It's all 
the elements of the perfect summer activity. 

Though it makes me feel special when the 
tOurs come to me, there are a few that I'd 
consider worthy of a roadtrip. 

Mini-festivals like Field Day, Bonnarro 
and Bumbershoot make me wish I earned 
more money. Field Day is an ephemeral, 
bright and shining moment in june on the 
grassy fields of Riverhead, ew York. It's like 
all my CDs pulled a Pinnochio and became 
real live peopl e, playing JUSt for me. 
Radiohead, Beastie Boys, Beck, Sigur Ros, 
the Roots and Elliot mith are just a few to 
be si nging under the s tars. 

Now tbod' a concert I would miss the 
weekend before finals for. 

Bonnarro boasts two shows, one in 
'I enne~~ee and III one in ew York. (Why the 
heck docs New York get all the mll1d-blow-
ing concens' It 's only the culture ca pital of 
the COUnlry. \Vhatever). The Tennessee ~how 

i~ sold out, but onjune 13 through June 15, 
remember that somewhere ell Young and 

razy I lorse, the flaming Lips and Lucinda 
Williams are all playing together on a farm . 
Road Trip New York is still possible, as 
access to the August 8 through AUg"tlst 10 fes-
tival is sti ll ava ilable. Bob Dylan and 10m 
Petty and the lIeartbreakers will be there 
with all their rock star history baggage. 

See SUMMER TOURS, Page 12 

Courtesy of Paramount Pictures 
Chummy bums: Jason Statham and Mas Def plot a gold heist 111 the new action flICk "The Italian 
Job." The film also stars Mark Wahlberg, Edward Norton and Charllze Theron. 

Mini chases and big fun are 
abound in 'The Italian Job' 
Star studded cast charms their way 
through this entertaining remake 

By MARA EVANS 
Senior Staff Wnter 

I t's official : This is "the summer of the big car chase." It seems fitting, after all, "The Matrix Reloaded" just rocked the-
atcr with its freeway cha e scene, and now 
"The ltahan Job" is gearing up to bring you 
some interesting automotive acoon. 

The premise of "The Italian Job" is im-
pic: Crooks steal a plethora of gold in Vel1lce, 
and their ki t is foiled by an unimaginative 
fellow henchman, leve Frezclll (Edward 

Norton), who simultaneously kills the group's 
guru Mr. Bridger (Donald Sutherland). One 
year later and back in the United States, the 
surviving crew is bitter and miss their gold . 
So mastermind Charlie Croker (Mark 
Wahlberg); Handsome Rob Oason Statham}, 
the muscle man; Lyle (Seth Green), the com-
puter whiz; and Left Ear (Mos Def), the 
bomb specialist, enlist the help of tella 
(Charlize Theron), a afe cracker, to get back 
at Frezelli. 

See ITALIAN, Page 13 

-----------------------------

DonCilrlos 

TACO SHOP 
LA JOLLA 

FREE COMBO 
for UCSDI 
when you buy any combo 
of equal or greater value 

Exp . ., I S IO] 

737 PEARL , STE . 113. LA JOLLA I 858-456-0461 
fax orders 858-.56-0"50 I www.eataburrito . com 

-----------------------------

~,~ 

~~" ~~DOS Pescados 
\j lr Combo only 
GmIJ!1tWg $2.11 

FINS La Jolla 
La Jolla Village Square 

Nobel Drive at Highway 5 
(858 )270-FIN5 

That's two of our fish tacos, 
beans and chips! 

Tht6 coupon good for up to 2 order& Not "". id 
WIth .r~ othor offer. Offer ""PIr" 6/12103. ~ 

~-------------------------------------------SALON BEAUX GENS SPECIALIZ ING IN 
I COLOR , CUT AN 0 A Fill! Service Beallty ai01J Jor Wowm e:,- Men W A X IN G 

Is T U DEN T S P E c: I A L 51 
BIKINI WAX ................... $20 Reg. $30 
BRAZILIAN .................... $30 Reg. $40 
MINI FACIAL .................. $30 Reg. $40 
FULL LEG ............. ...... .. $40 Reg. $50 
BROW Be LI P WAX .......... $18 Reg. $23 
HAIRCUT ....................... $5 off Reg. $25 
PE~"' . COLOR OR HIGHLIGHT ........... $10 off 
PROFESSIONAL HAIR PRooucTs ........• l0% off .vOl "iI/ul N'lth "nrutl!,r fl/],r I 

I 
7770 RE GENTS ROAO, SUITE 102 IN LA JOLLA COLONY PLAZA 858453-6212 I 

-------------------------------------------~ 
------------------------------~ SlOB' YOUR STUFF WITH US! , J 

J 

STORAGE 
WEST/"(\ 

----t~4I 

5x5 thru 1 Ox1 0 upper floor : 
pay for the first two months up front I 

and receive the third month FREE! I 
of 111 OFF first month's rental : 

SELF STORAGE 
"It's Best in the West!" 

Includes FIll flUCI and DIM. 

5206 Eastgate Mall 
(858)451-1047 ' ( allfor details 

J 
J 
J 
I 
I ______________________________ J 

H andcrafted I ce Cr eam · Y ogurt · S orbet 
...••.................................... .. 

:$tOPP ::$t OPF : : Any Ice cream, : : Any sundae, shalle • 
: yogurt or sor at .: or smooth Ie : 
• (Coupon may not be combined with any other :. (Coupon may not be combined With any other • 
• offer. special or coupon) Exp 6/30103 .' offer, special or coupon) E,p 6/30/03 • 
. .......................................... -

La Jolla Vlliag. Squart ...... lIIpII'5, IIat to JIIIIIa JIkI www.mootlme.com 

I----------------------------~ 3~ , ~ Flcune BrOiler ~ 
Always Good ... Always Guaranteed! 

$125011 Chicken Rice Bowl a Medium Drink 
Not valid With any other offer With coupon only 

Exp,res S '3010J 

NO MSG • NO BONE • NO SKIN NO FRnNG 
La JoUa Village Center (next to Rubio's) (Isa) SI7"9I9J 
-----------------------------~ 



12 HIATU THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

Courtesy of Wa~ DISney and Pixar Animation StucflO5, Inc. 
Whale tale: .;Ibert 8100ks voices the shy c10wnfish Marlin (fal nght) on Ihe search for hiS missing son Nemo with friends 
he meet> ,n tile ocean along the way He IS accompanied by fish Dory, the sea turtle Crush and hiS kids. 

'Finding Nemo' not just for the fishes 
Humor is not lost on anyone in new animated film 

By DEENA AL SHAm 
StaffWnter 

"F indrng emo" tell the 
story of Marhn, a clown 
fish, who just doesn't seem 

to ha\'c any luck. At the beginning 
of the film, Marlin loses his \vife 
and all of his children, save one 
survivor: emo. After emo gets 
"fish-napped" by scuba divers. 
Marlin goe~ on a hunt to find him, 
assisted by Dory, a blue tang fish. 
Meanwhile, emo ends up STUck 
III a fish tank at a denust's office 
With a group of fish who He also 
desperately trying to escape. 

ThiS film, the late t from 
Disney and Plxar, goes above and 
beyond the allimatton of their pre-
vious fillIl,. The allJmation 1\ 
stunnrng, and the films anennon 
to detarl is brilliant. Scenes in the 
film look so real that it's hard to 
tell that they're computer-animat-
ed . And even though the film is set 
almost entirely underwater, the 
animators are still able to make 
each locale diverse and beautiful 
III Its own way. 

The characters are also animat-
ed magruficently. Besides the fact 
that they are IIlcredibly realistic 

Film 
REVIEW 

(aside from the fact that they talk), 
a lot of emotion is articulated 
through their facial expressions: 
everything from sorrow to happi-
ness. 

The script also shines, especial-
ly with the way the characters 
behave. One hilarious gag comes 
from the fish in a tank at the den-· 
tlst 5 office, who are obse sed with 
c1eanlrness. almost to the point of 
an obse ive compulsive disorder. 
For eAample, when Nemo first gets 
put IntO the tank, the first thmg the 
orner fish do I~ have hIm "cleaned" 

Another hrlanous gag comes 
from Bruce, a great white shark 
(named for the shark in "Jaws"), 
and his two fellow sharks who 
have formed a sort of Fishaholtcs 
Anonymous group and are trying 
desperately to break their fish-eat-
tng habits. 

The characters are what truly 
make this film memorable. In par-
ticular, Ellen DeGeneres, the voice 
of Dory, is exceptional in her role as 

the schiwphrenic fish with a short-
term memory; it almost seems as if 
she drew from her experience with 
ex-girlfriend Anne Heche. The sea 
turtle, Crush (voiced by director 
Andrew Stanton) and his children 
are also hilarious, fitting the mold 
of the typical "surfer dude." Willem 
Dafoe is also brilliant as Gill, the 
brain of the fish tank, who comes 
up with plan after plan to get the 
group back to freedom. And, of 
course, the title character of emo 
(voiced by Alexander Gould) will 
become a favorite. 

Overall, "Finding emo" is set 
to be another DisneylPixar classic, 
proving yet agalll that With great 
talent, anything can be achIeved. 
Thi film is definitely worth see-
IIlg, though beware: There Will 
surely be lots of children at any 
daytime screening. 

~ Finding Nemo 
**** Stamng Albert Brooks, Ellen 

DeGeneres and Willem Dafoe 
In theaters May 30 

Raled G 

Beyond the films, new DVD extras hit or miss 
i\daptation' misses potential, 'Black Hawk Down' maintains splendor 

By CHARLIE TRAN 
Senior Staff Wn er 

"Adaptation" 
The second collaborati on 

between director Spike J ones and 
screenwrtter Charile Kaufman 
resultS In a film that is not only 
ongtnal and different, but is also 
vastly superior to anything that the 
Hollywood studios can crank. out 
these days. With a superb cast sup-
porong "Adaptation," every char-
acter is believable and profoundly 
deep in a crazy SOrt of way. 

Charlie Kau&nan actually writes 
himself into the screenplay and the 
film revolves around his strUggles 
adapnng Susan Orleans book "11le 
Orchid Thief." Making Charlte 
Kaufmans life even more miserable 
is his twill brother, Donald (both 
roles are played by Nicholas Cage). 
Charlie wants to write a film about 
flowers and the true reality of life. 
He Just wants to make a film which 
accurately depicts the facts of Ltfe. 

As he continues to have difficul-
ues wrtting the adaptation, he gets 
more desperate to leave out any 
[ [ollywood-e~ue cltches. Trytng to 
Stay trUC to Orlean's (Meryl Streep) 
thoughu on hfe and obseSSIOn, 
Kaufman aic~ to approach her, but 
u1umately fall; to do so bccau\e of 

DVD 
REVIEW 

hiS lack of self-esteem and shy 
nature. The last tlurd of the film is 
a masterpiece, switching the films 
me age and tone suecessfully. 

Unfortunately, the DVD of 
"Adaptation" does not even come 
close to representing the film's 
uniqueness. It is a bare-bone, ran-
dard release that has nothing more 
than just a trailer, some cast notes 
and the film itself. 

An audio commentary would 
do justice and would provide some 
interesting tidbits as to how both 
Jones and Kaufman approached 
the film . But instead, the viewer is 
gIVen nothing beyond the film ; 
none of the antics of the film i 
captured on the disc. 

For a film that dwells on its 
craZllless, the DVD IS bland and 
pedestnan; It makes for a great 
rental, but not worth purchaslllg 
unless you truly love the film. 

"81a k Hawk Down" ( pecial 
Edition) 

Anyone who purcha~cd the 
ongillal D J) Qf "Black Ilawk 

Down" should kick themselves tn 
the head - many time . Director 
Ridley eott and producer Jeremy 
Bruckhellner have gone the extra 
mile in prodUCing a three-diSC set 
(that's righI, three diSCS) that 
encompasses the entire produc-
tion and provid~s Intimidate 
details of how the film was con-
ceIved. 

"Black Hawk Down" accurate-
ly depicts the true story of the mil-
itary fight between elite U.S. sol-
diers and Somalians in the city of 
Mogadishu. What was supposed 
to be a one-hour rrus ion turned 
into a 16-hour ordeal. With over 
1,000 Somali casU2lties and 18 
American soldiers dead, the 1993 
urban battle represented a signifi-
Cllnt stuft in U.S. foreign policy 
that continues to affect modern 
foreign policy. 

Although there are minor 
problems with character develop-
ment, the film feel s more hke a 
documentary than a tandard war 
movie. Imagine the first 30 mm -
utes of" aV1l1g Pnvate Ryan" and 
extend it IntO a two-hour film . 
The viewer feels Itke they are 
actually lit the middle of the chao~ 
a opposed to watching the oauJc 

Su DVDS, PaRt 15 

THURSDAY. MAY Z9. ZOO) 

Radiohead: Yorke and Co. 
are as glum .as ever 

continued from page 10 
elecrronica beats. 

Things pick up again during "Go 
to Sleep," a son of progressive folk 
tune reminiscent of "Paranoid 
Android" from OK Computer. 
"Where I End and You Begin" 
sounds tinny and dapper, soft chords 
wrapping around the computerized 
noises like a warm blanket "We 
Suck Young Blood" features the 
piano for a dirge accentuated by 
eerie handclaps and Yorkes po -
sessed howl. The sequencing of the 
album is as schizophrenic as 
A11I1Imoc was, with beats and guitars 
and pianos knocking each other 
over, but this time in more of a 
hushed frenzy. 

The end of the album winds 
down slowly with a 
few notable excep-
tions. The five-

" 

into a tree. 
As the release date nears, the pro-

motion squad is out spreading the 
word about the new album ... sort 
of. Flyers posted around urban areas, 
such as the UC 0 campus, read 
"HUNGRY? SICK? BEGGING 
FOR A BREAK? WEET? 
FRESH? WOULD YOU DO 
ANYfHING? WE SUCK 
YOUNG BLOOD. WE WANT 
SWEET MEATS. WE WANT 
YOUNG BLO D. 1-866-868-
4433." 

Anyone wondering who was 
responsible for this strange request 
has Radiohead to thank. Calling the 
number begins a journey of button-
pushing which leads nowhere, 
except that clips from the upcoming 

album can be heard. 

minute guitar 
workout, "There As the album draws 
There," drifts along 
over a heavy bea t 
and is reminiscent 
of recent 
Radiohead singles 
like "Optimistic" 
and "I Might Be 
Wrong." "I Will" is 
the shonest song at 
just under twO min-
utes and features 

Pretentious? A 
little, bur it's also the 

mo~t interesting 
promotion of an 
album in recent 

to its anticlimactic 
close, the question is 

left floating: Does 
Radiohead. matter 

memory. ure, 
Radiohead wantS 
you to hear its 
album, but do they 
really want to com-
pete with Christina 

guilera on TRL? 
,u 

anymore [ A listening party 
was held recently at 
UCSD for the new 

Yorke singing more sensitively over 
little more than light piano and gui-
tar. "Myxomatosis," driven by a 
heavy synth line, is a slightly louder 
tune named after a disease that kills 
rabbits. As the album draws to its 
anticlimactic close, the que tion is 
left floating: Does Radiohead matter 
anymore? 

The question will no doubt be 
hotly debated by music fans when 
the album is released on June 10. 

ever mind that the album is noth-
ing short of a four-star, excellent 
album. Even the worst Radiohead 
album is better than most band's 
greatest efforts. 

In the meantime, Radiohead 
fans can pick up the first single, 
"There There," on CD, [2 " vinyl 
or a lilnited edition DVD of the 
video, which fea tures a stOp-
motion Yorke stealing glowing 
clothes from crows and turning 

album. Just before Ammsillc was 
released, a similar listening party wa 
held in the Price Center Theater. A 
video fearuring canoon bears and 
other abstract images from the 
album's anwork looped over and 
over on the movie screen while the 
new albun1 blasted out of the peak-
ers. 

Probably under a minute long, 
the images perfectly complemented 
the experimental sounds of the 
album. If Radiohead i going to 
hawk its albwn, it's going to do it in 
an artistic way \vith some sort of 
social commentary. 

It looks as if Radiohead is going 
to continue contradicting them-
selves and pushing buttons well into 
the next millennium. After embark-
ing on a European tour this summer, 
Radiohead \vill likely bring their 
head-scratch-inducing post-rock to 
the States this fall. 

Courtesy of htlplr-.monilcomio.~nVrodioheod 
Mysterious men: Chin up Thorn, your new album is on the way! Radlohead 
cononues to explore new and exCiting directions on Its new album. 

Summer Tours: Festivals 
rejuvinate hot summer days 

continued {rom page I I 
Anuzing, really. 

The Los Angeles concert All 
Tomorrow's Parties LA featuring 

ick Cave and the Bad Seeds, the 
Breeders, Pam Smith among others 
IS just a hop, skip and long ride III 
traffic away, but I in the trend of the 
festival concen and worth the effon. 

Then R.E.M. mak.es an appear-
ance at Bumbershoot III Seattle on 
August 21). It ·s onc la~t hurrah 
before thcUII1rt1er (If rCJuvenation 
wln(b down, and Icad singer 
Mtehael Supe I~ ~orneone (0 give a 

proper swan ong. 
I wish this phenomenon wasn't 

during a time where I'll have to 
save pocket change for months 
even to think. about buying a ticket. 
I wi h the festival would JUSt let 
me in for free. On a more selfless 
note, however, a summer hke thi 
that had fresh festival tours, was 
sorely missed. (Note: Summer 
Sallitanurn Tour feamring Lllnp 
Blzktt, MetalhcJ, LlIlktn Park and 
DeflOne , purp<l\cly omitted). 

It 's gOing to he one full, I11mlcal, 
\wcaty ~UIllIl1Cr of replvcnauon. 

THURSDAY. MAY 29. 200) 

Italian: An enjoyable way 
to a predictable ending 
continued from page I I 

Don't let the number of char-
acters fool you; this really is a sim-
ple plot, but it's done with class 
and with a simplicity fitting for a 
remake. That's right; there is also 
an "Italian Job" from 1969, but 
the only things that tie the two 
films together are: gold, [taly and 
Mini Coopers. And what a mar-
velous combination it all turns out 
to be. 

Whi le the outcome of the film 
is predictable, the steps taken to 
reach that point are enjoyable. 
The interactions between the var-
ious characters are fresh, their 
antics are believable and the edgi-
ness of the film keeps it moving. 
The bulk of the film takes place in 
Los Angeles where the motley 
crew launches a scheme to get 
their gold back. 

It is JUSt plain fun to watch the 
group tool around in thei r three 
stylish Mini Coopers and watch as 
Lyle hacks into LA's traffic main 
fra me. Plus, a great twist with the 
Ukrainian Mafia adds another 
dimension to the film. 

While "The Italian Job" oozes 
"Ocean's II "-charisma, you will 
enjoy your disgust at Norton's 
character and will laugh 2t 
Green's antics a.s Lyle. And inter-
estingly enough, director F. Gary 
Gray ("The Negotiator") did not 
choose to capita lize on the 

romantic undertones of the film, 
which were, need less to say, 
inevitable and only would have 
detracted from the action. While 
the cast sails through the film 
with no bigger development than 
impending revenge, it is also 
apparent that they enjoy what 
they're doing as crooks and as 
actors too. 

Unlike other major films out 
this summer, "The Italian Job" 
does not rely on heavy-duty com-
puter animation to bring the zi ng 
to the screen. All the stunts seen 
on screen were actually per-
formed by the actors in Mini 
Coopers. Had the new Minis not 
been distributed over the past 
year, this film would not, most 
likely, have been made. 

While it would have been 
enjoyable to see more footage of 
Venice, "The Italian Job" goes off 
without a hitch. Oh, and remem-
ber t1his: In the case of helicopter 
versus Mini Cooper, the Mini 
always winsl 

~ ne hila. Job 
***..; 

Starrrng Mark Wahlber& and 
Edward Norton 

In theaters May 30 
Rated PG·13 

Coortey 01 PIIIInOUnI PicIures 
ail boys: Donald Sutherland plays Mr. Bridger, the lost boss, alongside Mark 
Wahlberg in the remake of the 1969 crime caper, "The ltahan Job." 

... lend It Uk.a.cw... (2:00). 

.., (4:50).7:25. 10:05 

n~E UCSD GUARDIAN HIATUS IJ 

'Down With Love' is a lovely vision 
Bright colors, exuberant characters and fun ooze from this comedy 

By ANNE CONG-HUYEN 
Associate Hiatus Editor 

I t's the I 960s. Barbara ovak (Renee Zellweger) writes a worldwide bestseller rejecting 
love and embracing indepen-
dence, equality and sex. Catcher 
Block (Ewan McGregor) realizes 
she's not a librarian hag and 
decides that she, like all other 
women, really only wants one 
thing - marriage - and he's 
determined to take her down. It 
sounds like the plot of another 
ridiculous romantic comedy, but 
surprisingly, "Down With Love" 
isn't quite what it appears to be. 

Although not quite the mani-
festo that it advertises itself to be, 
"Down With Love" manages to 
throw together two incredibly 
charismatic stars in what turns out 
to be a strangely satisfying roman-
tic comedy. With enchantingly 
elaborate settings and hyper-col-
ored costumes and movements, 
"Love" brings to life a surreal 
dream of the 1960s that is retained 
in the memories and imaginations 
of so many. 

Because the filmmakers took 
such artistic liberties portraying 
their version of the '60s and did 
not stick to reality of the era, the 
film ha.s a very humorous, light-
hearted feel that is conveyed from 
the very first moment. 

Using the Doris DayfRock 
Hudson films as a guiding point for 
the film, "Love" gives Zellweger 
and McGregor dynamic characters 
with real personalities. Thanks to 
the leaps in feminism since the '60s, 
the film is able to utilize gender 
reversals that weren't available in 
those original films. One would 
never see Doris Day telling other 
women to enjoy sex "a la carte" like 
men do. And just when one thinks 
Novak's character is pinned down, 
there is always an interesting sur-
prise awaiting. 

The way Zellweger is intro-
duced in the film, wagging her hips 
back and fOM as she walks with a 
light step in her pink and white 

~ 01 TwonIidh CenII.wy For 
Sorely smitten: David Hyde Pierce and Ewan McGregor play best friends - a 
loser and a lover - in the dreamy period comedy "Down Wth l.ove~ 

Film 
REVIEW 

wool dress, the audience can tell 
that this is not a typical romantic 
comedy. Novak isn't just another 
bitter woman spumed by love who 
ends up falling in love with the 
enemy. No, she's actually smart, so 
smart, in fact, that she fools the 
entire world. Zellweger plays this 
role with a great deal of flair, and 
while lacking much realism, her 
character is still endearing. 

McGregor, of "Moulin Rouge" 
and uTrainspotting" fame, does a 
brilliant job as the "ladies' man, 
man's man, man about town." His 
charismatic performance brings 
back memories of Cary Grant and 
William Holden. Sarah Paulson 
also does a commendable job as 
NovakS editor and best friend, 
Vikki Hiller. 

But perhaps the most show-
stopping perfonnance is that of 
David Hyde Pierce as Catch's best 
friend and editor Peter 
McMannus. Hyde Pierce is won-
derful and touching as the not-so-
charming McMannus who is 

unsure, yet hopelessly in love with 
Hiller. His portrayals of 
McMann us' insecurities and 
quirks are delightfully eccentric 
and by far the best parts of the 
fi lm. 

What sets this film apan from 
other romantic comedies, though, 
is the great amounts of sexual innu-
endo [aced throughout the film. 
With references and scenes that 
would more lilceIy be found in a 
teen comedy Hicie, "Love" distin-
guishes i t:sel f from other romances 
that are either very clean or very 
dirty, landing somewhere snuggly 
in between. 

Although the film occasionally 
tries to be too clever with its long 
word play and exaggeration, 
"Down With Love" is a smart com-
edy with a great cast. Its a lot of fun, 
but guys might want to stay home 
for this one. 

DoWII WitJI Love 
*** 

Starring Renee Zellweger and 
Ewan McGregor 

Now playrng 
Rated PG-13 

~ lruce AI-1CJdr (1:30). (2:45). 
'II (4:30). (5:15). 7:00. 8:00. 9:30. 

10:30 
III D8IWy D., c.r. (2:35). (5:05). 

~ 7:40, 9:'50 
• ... 
~ ;:; 
.! ] 

Down WItII Lov. (2:15). 
(4:00). (5:00). 6:50. 7:45. 10:10 
IIIefttIty (5:30). 10:20 UNBURRITABlE. 

III 

TIle D __ U,.uIn (1:05). 
(4:05), 7:05. 10:00 
~ The In-Law. (1:50). (4:25), 
~ 7:20.9:55 
c TIle ... trlll ........ (12:45) . 

(1:15). (3:45), (4:15), 6:45, 
7:15.9:45. 10:15 
X2: x ..... UtIItetI (12:55). 
(1:40). (4:40). 7:35. 9:15. 10:25 

Landmark LJ Villag. 453·1831 
A MI...., Wi .... (2:20). 4:45. 7:20. 
9:45 
No • ...,. In Afrtu (2:00),5:05. 
8:05 
Rlv_ ..... Tldee: AM» 
GoId •• ortIIy WortdIIC WItII TI_ 
(2:10). 4:25. 7:10. 9:35 
,,,. M.n on .... ''''n (1:50). 
4 :15.7;00.9:25 

Cklpotte. 

ITS A REAl tOITHfUL 
VIllA lA JDLlA & .EL Dt 

Tr lt on Plu s Acco un t acce p ted at C h ipot le in La Jolla. 



14 HIATUS TI-iE UCSD GUARDIAN THURSDAY, MAY 29, 200) 

5.] Y. () ) hiatus calendar (). + ()) 
@_----'-'-th;.;,;";",urs,;;,,,,;;.da __ y 

Original artwork is a staple of 
many concerts and shows in 
clubs around the country and 
PI.stered: San Diego Rock 
Poster Gallery Show is the best 
way to get an up-<Jose look at the 
art. The gallery show will feature 
such artists as Douglas 
Thompson, Maynard and Doug 
Barker and Scrojo, whose poster 
art includes pictures of Rahzel, the 
B-Side Players and Angelique 
Kido. The show has the always 
great incentive of free admission. 
It takes place at 6 p.m. at M-
Theory Music. For more informa-
tion, call (619) 269-2963. 

For a night of laughs and 
amusemen~ be sure to check out 
Jamie Kennedy when he comes 
to San Diego. Kennedy is best 
known for his roles in the 
'Scream' trilogy, the new movie 
'Malibu's Most Wanted' and his 
own show on WB. The 
actor/comedian, will be perform-
ing at Spreckels Theatre as part of 
his nationwide tour. The show 
starts at 8 p.m. and tickets run 
from $26 to $38. 

®'---__ frl_·da ....... y 
If you can't wait until August to 

check out Jack Johnson's show 
at UCSD, be sure to catch him 

when he plays in San Diego at 
Spreckels Theatre. The folk rock 
singer/songwriter, best known for 
his songs "Bubble Toes' and 
"Flake' has been known to put on 
awesome shows, bringing energy 
and life to the concerts. Johnson 
will be playing to Jromote his 
new album On an On. Tickets 
are $25. The show starts at 8 p.m. 

®~_....;;.;sa;;.;;.;tu;;;;;..rd=a .... y 
Black Eyed Pus, one of the 

most notable hip-hop groups in 
the music industry today, will be 
playins at Canes Bar and Grill. 
With live shows that leave audi-
ences feeling upbeat and 
pleased, the Black Eyed Peas are 
sure to put on a show to enter-
tain. For more information on the 
band, check out the article on 
page 9. Tickets are $20 and the 
concert starts at 9 p.m. 

If you're looking to bring a lit-
tle bit of culture into your life, the 
Mainly MOllrt festival is the 
way to go. This is the 15th year 
the concert has been around 
and will have something for 
every music lover. Featuring 
orchestras, a Baroque trio recitaf, 
string quartets, wind quintets and 
a piano trio along with a mix of 
chamber music performances 
and orchestra programs, the fes-
tival is sure to delight even the 
newest fans of classical music-

Running from May 31 to June 
22, this is one festival that is sure 
to please this summer. Tickets 
run from $18 to $48. For more 
information call (619) 239-
0100. (DL---__ su..;..;.;n_da.-.y 

Looking for a blend of '60s 
rock and modem day punk rock? 
Be su re to check out the Pattern 
when they play at The Casbah. 
This contemporary Califomian 
band has catchy music reminis-
cent of garage rock and soul with 
a little bit of British R&B thrown 
into the mix. Tickets are $8. For 
more information, call (619) 232 
4355 0'---__ t_ue_sd_a_y 

Hit makers Coldplay are back 
on tour, and this is your chance to 
check them out The band, known 
for their . sou~ul songs such as 
"Yellow: "Clocks' and "In My 
Place: will be su re to put on 
another of their stunning shows, 
leaving you moved beyond words. 
The band is well known to be 
energetic and optimistic through-
out the show, putting on a concert 
that will definitely satisfy any 
music lover. Coldplay will be play-
ing at Cox Arena at 8 p.m. For 
more information, call (619) 594 
0429. 

Spend your summer 
with Frog's Club One 
for only $149! 
See a Membership Representative for details. 

tChFROG'S 
~ClubOne 

OO-CLUB ONE 
..... ~ .... ClubOne.com 

Basketball· Bootcamp • Cardio EqUlpm..nt 
Core Tralntng • Group Exercise' KlCkboxlng 

Lap ,'0015 • Laundry S&rIiIce • Masaage Therapy 
Persona! Traning • PhySICal Therapy' Polates 

Racquetball' Sauna/Steam • Spmnong' • Squash 
~ Equlpmant • Swimming ' Tann4. 

V~. Wellnass Programs ' Yoga 

p-------. 
I PREVIEW I 
: PASS: 
I Bnng this coupon 111 for • I complm.ntaty trial membership 

for you and II friend I 
I 
I 

I 
I 4,hFROQ'S ~ClubO"le 
I - .. ",... .. - --_., ~-..., " .... -IrIS}'.J 
._-----_. 

'Mether you're a fan of tap 
dancing or just really enjoy Irish 
culture, be sure to check out 
"Lord of the D.nce' when the 
show makes a stop at the San 
Diego Civic Center. From June 3 
to June 8, Michael Flatley's 
retelling of an old Irish folktale will 
be sure to leave you breathless 
and in awe of the dancing. Tickets 
run from $22 to $48. For more 
information, call (619) 22o-T1XS. 

As every college student 
knows, fine dining is a hard thing 
to come by, especially on a col-
lege budget But the annual 
T.ste of Gasl.mp food festival 
will be sure to satisfy the taste 
buds. The festival, which takes 
place in the Gaslamp Quarter, will 
feature sample menus from 30 
different area restaurants and 
pubs. Even the pickiest of eaters 
will have a wide variety of food to 
taste; everything from Italian food 
to seafood to sweets will be avail-
able to eat. And if you're a lucky 
2 l-or-older, be sure to sample 
the three different flavors of beer 
at the beer garden. The festival 
goes from 5 p.m. to 9 p.m. Tickets 
cost $25 in advance or $30 the 
night of the event For more infor-
mation, call (619) 233-5227. 

Seventies punk band the 
Buzzcocks are back and better 

than ever! Along with the Clash 
and the Sex Pistols, the Buzzcocks 
were at the forefront of the British 
punk invasion of 1976 and 1977. 
One of the most original bands 
out there, the band will put on a 
show that you'll never forget. With 
musical style that ranges from 
punk to pop-pun~ the Buucocks 
are at the head of the music 
scene, bringing both old school 
music and new style emo to the 
table. Playing at 4th & B, the show 
starts at 8 p.m. 'Tickets are $17.50. 
For more information, call (619) 
231-4343. 

Indie-rockers the 
Dismemberment Plan is com-
ing to San Diego! The band from 
Washington D.C. has formed 
quite a following since they first 
got together in 1993. With a 
quirky Style that bounces around 
all over the place, from I'au to 
punk to rock and rol, The 
Dismemberment Plan is definitely 
the band to see to if you're look-
ing for a good time. The band is 
playing at The Casbah at 8:30 
p.m. Tickets cost S 12. 

Look to the Hiatus Calendar for 
events in and around UCSD. 

All tickets can be purchased 
through Ticketmaster by calling 
(619) 220-8497 or by going to 
http://www.ticketmaster.com 
unless otherwise noted. 

TI-iURSDAY, MAY 29, 2003 

DVDs: 'Hawk' extras show 
insightful commentaries 
continued from page 12 

as a bystander. As such, the film is 
extremely graphic and doesn't hes-
itate to show the true realities of 
war in all its guts and death. 

The DVD goes to great lengths 
to show the pains to construct the 
battle with a two-hour documen-
tary and three audio commentaries. 
You get the viewpoints from not 
only Scott, but also several soldiers 
that were in the actual battle. It 
provides an excellent comparison 
of how the battle was changed to 
work in a cinematic format. 

For those that want more techni-
cal information on the acruaJ battle, 
there is a third DVD that provides 
two documentaries, both created by 
PBS and the History Channel. 
Military buffs have hours of 
accounts and viewpoints that help 
add to the understanding of the film. 

From cinematic snobs to histo-
ry junlcies, the special edition of 
"Black Hawk Down" will fill 
almost anyone's appetite. The 
pains given to accuracy in the film 
is reflected into this detailed and 
insightful DVD set. 

Dance: They will dance 
their dances for you 

continued from page 10 
tllrough media," Green said. "I 
was inspired to do a piece to lcind 
of wake people up" - to remind 
people that we don't have to fol -
low everything we see on televi-
ion," 

The wide range of subjects 
explored in the different pieces 
ensures tha t every viewer should 
be able to find something to COII-
nect with. Dudani said that stu-
dents should come ee "We 
Dance/Our Dances" because it "is 
something created entirely by 
their peers. It is also one of the 
most diverse shows I have ever 
seen at UCSD." 

Green echoed these senti-
ments. "[The show contains] a 
wide range of dance styles, so 
everyone would have a good time. 
"Thought-provoking," "emotion-

al" and "fun" are words I'd 
describe for this show," she said. 

Don't miss this chance to be 
one of the first to see some of this 
generation's up -and-coming 
artists present their work to the 
public. As Green says, "Support 
the arts and support your fellow 
young arti ts!" 

"We Dance/Our Dances" will 
be shown May 30 and May 31 at 8 
p.m. in Mandeville Auditorium. 
The cost is $6 for students, $ 1 0 
for UCSD affiliates and seniors 
and $12 for general admission. 
Tickets can be purchased in 
advance at the Mandell Weiss 
Center box office or by phone at 
(858) 534-4574 Monday through 
Friday from 12 p.m. to 6 pm or at 
the Mandeville Center box office 
from 7 p.m. to 8 p.m. on perfor-
mance nights. 

Find your next 
job or internship on ... 

Port Triton 
Your Portal to Jobs 8. More ... 
--.• ~.";--~~ 

......r-k--1 r1 C.lr{ t· .J' (y",:( , l'( fl1t. r 

Port Triton 

aelM"" Joo ... Int.rn,ntpe eror tUcMnca tl(Id Alumni) 
_.rd ....... "\JmflII ml-' ", •• I'It. ~ ,e ..... " JIOr i~ 'IW ~tMfUC)' 
Job $'JK~tt..Q2£l.IrMnta 
u"'_ .. "' ........ .ntl UMUI~.M "'""_ • alit"" "'.,._~. 
Maoage My .Job S •• n:h 
• • .n .. .., •• .,.,..'n."' .••.• ,.. ... ... .. .,.." "I'''''', c",,. 'lOW ..., ... ..-oon ,...tMv .u: 
On • .;:.,......u. tru*(VI.we; and Co.-npany ,..,.. •• n'etton. 
~J~Mh ... ~ .. 'flof1'\D~fW ... .....,.,.., .... VC80C.,.-
~ •• c~ 

P ,oft,. 
~'~""""f." •• ~ WOn,,"on 
L oaln I("#orm .tton 
'tI .. ...,.~u. •. ~ .. ·~,.. •• _nII 
AIt",Nl\rM Job th.reh 
•• I , " ..... »MH~.t .... t.t<lMgl ... ~ .....,... • 

TI-iE UCSD GUARDIAN 

ARE YOU 
OUTIA 
HERE? 

HIATUS 15 

If you're graduating this year, there may be a 
special and potentially embarrassing message for you in the 6/5 
Grad Issue. We mailed a few thousand letters to parents of graduates 
asking if they'd like to buy a little ad hyping your big day. We asked 
for a cute photo as well. 

More than 100 parents and loved ones have reserved space in the 6/5 
Grad Issue. Isn't it wonderful to have proud parents? And won't it be 
interesting to see which photo they sent us? 

ps: We're not sure if you'll be able to view the grad ads via PDF at 
our web site (www.ucsdguardian.org), so you might have to actually 
pick up a G. 

LB, the G Biz OffiC~ 

GdHE ucs~~ /" I () TARDJAN ~raduation Jjjue 
THURSDAY, JUNE 5TH 

last week, "Raising Arizonau STUMPED UCSO! Guess today's MOVIE QUOTE 
on page 17 in Classified Personals_ 

•• Log in at http://career.ucsd.edu ~~ Orange County's own Home Grown combines 
elements of pop-punk and rock to deliver a 
unique sound. They've also enjoyed mainstream 
radio airplay all across America. Their latest 
album, "Kings of Pop", showcases their 
ever-changing sound without compromising 

• job and intemshlp listings for students & alumni 
• job search agents 
• storage for job search documents 
• on-campus interview listings 
• company presentation schedules 
• and much more! 

I ,If T, I ,r, '101", I I ,11 \ t II I, I I ,. ~, I " I I , 
UCSO C.re« !Itto~ cc: .... 

,. u.,...1_ooI"'~'" An.. .. 

the fun and energy that fans ha~ grown to love. 
www.homegrownonline.com 

Also Playing: Up Syndrome / / www.upsyndrome.com 
Steel head / / Los Angeles Rock and Roll 

... Plus Specia l Guest! 
ERe's First Annual Concert 

Free Music. Free Games. Good Times 



16 CLA IFIEDS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 

Fraternities, Sororities, Clubs, 
Student Groups: Eam SI,OOO-S2,OOO 
this semester with a proven 
CampusFundraiser 3 hour fund raising 
event. Our procrams make fundrais-
i"l easy with no risks. Fundraising 
dates are filling quickly, so get with 
the program! It works. Contact 
CampusFundraiser at 888.923.3238 
or visit www.campusfundraiser.com. 
(6/5) 

EMPLOYMENT 

Get Paid For 
Your Opinions! 

Eorn S 15·S 125 and more 
per survey! 

www.survevdollars.com 
ATTENTION STUDENTS $16 
Base/ Appt - Paid Weekly. Customer 
Service/Sales PT/ FT openings, pennna-
nent & temporary w/flexible sched-
ule. Ideal for students. 
Scholarships/Internships possible. 
Full training provided. Fun environ-
ment. Call 760.942.1223. www.work-
forstudents.com (6/5) 

$1500 weekly potential mailing our 
circulars. No Experience Required. 
Free information packet. Call 
203.683.0202 (6/5) 

Day Camps seek summer staff resid· 
ing in the San Fernando/Conejo 
Valleys. Earn S2800-$3500+. 
888.784.CAMP or www.workat-
camp.com. (6/ 5) 

SWIM INSTRUaORS, SI0-S16/HR. 
North County· 760.744.7946. San 
Oiego- 858.273.7946. (8/1 I) 

Sales Associates/Artists At San Diego 
Theme Park for Brush Art. Free 
Training. Bonuses. Call Scot 
619.675.6561 . www.kamansart.com 
{6/5} 

Communication firm providing pit 
position making SI ,OOO-S2,OOO a 
month. Work around schedule. call 
May: 760.612.5253. (5/29) 

Bartender Trainees Heeded. 1250 a 
day potential. local Positions. 
1.800.293.3985 ext 208. (6/5) 

Quick Cash for SunIIMf. Beautiful 
Girls- photo models needed. To 
S3OO/hr. No experience needed. No 
nudity work available. Currently: 
"American Butt Hunt" and "Brazilian 
Girls:' 619.269.2702. (6/5) 

Rudolph & Sletton Inc. is looking for a 
part-time Accounting Clerk Assistant 
for their lITC office. Assist in light 
accounting and general office func-

THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

os 
The UCSD GuordlOn reserves the nghl 10 dasslfy. edll delete offensIVe words and pharses. 
and/or refuse any and all advertisements WIthout prior nonficatlon. The Advertiser Will not 
hold the GuordlOn ,able for any dalfns resulting from the publicanon of the advertisement 
The publisher Will also not be held accountable for any claim from an agreement made 
between the advertlser and the consumer. 
Copy should be r"",ewed by the advertiser for errors. In order to be corrected '" the next 
regular Issue, all errors must be reported by the corresponding deadline. Credit WIll only be 
8'"en for the Incorrect pornon of the .rtlsement There are no refunds for cancellahons 

Classified LINE 
AD Rates 

Students: U ... 20 wonI. 
Faculty & Staff: 55 per 10 wonI. 

All others: 57 per 10 ....... 
Advance payment is required 

Classified DISPLAY 
AD Rates 

.10.00 per column inch 
Deadlines: 

Ple.se ,end .11 correspondence re,.rdine Classified, 10: Publcaoon Date DIsplay Ads t.u Ad, 
UCSD <iuardian, Attn: ClaSSified" 9500 <iilman Orive '0316, La Jofla, CA 92093. Mon"'y Noon Thurs. 3 pm Thurs. 
Adu.lloation : Student Center A. Room 217. Th ... sday Noon Mon. 3 pm MOf\, 

Chuslfted Line Ads appear In both the Guardian PRINT and ONUNE editions. 

t ions including reception relief. 
Monday·Friday 12·5pm, SII /hr. 
Please send resumes and/or cover 
letters to Renate Felix at 
858.455.1861 or email 
renatejelix@rsconst.com. For com-
pany information, visit www.rscon-
struC1ion.com. (5/29) 

The Guardian Business Office is 

NOW HIRING! 
Position: 

Business Office 
Assistant 

Do you have good communication 
skills. knowledge of computers. 

and the abili ty to work In a 
deadJtne environment? No? Well , 
learn in our friendly, fast·paced 
newspaper office. You will gain 

valuable insights into the worlds 
of business and journali sm. 

Call 858.534.8580 . 

GtJARI)-IAN 
Pan-time event and game staff need· 
ed. Interactive Game Rental Company 
for corporate events, fun working 
environment, will train. 
858.622.6613, www.partypals.com. 
(6/5) 

Salesclerk wanted for local florist. 
Need responsible person with good 
customer skills. No floral experience 
needed. Call 858.622.9999 (5/29) 

FAHRENHEIT MAGAZINE· San Diego's 
new arts & entertainment weekly is 
looking for advertisint sales reps. If 
you're hip, have an active lifestyle. 
and (an navigate your way around 
San Diego blindfolded, then give us a 
call. We have commission-based 
positions available where you set 
your own hours sel6ng print advertis-
ing to local bars, nightdubs, restau-
rants, reta~ shops, etc. Please call 
619.220.7191 ext. m . (5/29) 

Fast summer cash, amateur female 
models needed for exotic web/print 
work. Same day cash paid S 1 00-
S I 000. legitimate, great, professional 
and fr iendly service. Call for an 

appointment 858.531 .6612. (6/5) 

A great summer job. Hiring PT mar-
keting reps to introduce a new type of 
ATM in los Angel's and surrounding 
areas. Must be available Thur-Sat. 
S 11-13 per hour. Must have intemet 
access/reliable transportation. Call 
1.800.655.3044x323. EOE. (6/5) 

Babysitter for musical girl (6 years) 
plus dog. ~vailable now for Tues, 
Thurs, Friday throughout summer. 
Downtown la Jolla, 858.534.8654. 
(5/29) 

Rewarclinc: gain valuable experience 
while working in a variety of fun set· 
tings, www.daycampjobs.com. 
(5/29) 

FOR RENT 

Walk to UCSD. Cozy junior 1 bedroom ' 
and spacious 2 bedroom floor plans. 
dose to shopping. Newly upgraded 
floor plans. Customize your home. 
Immediate availability. Call for newest 
move-in specials: 1.888.216.9911. 
Welcome home! (5/29) 

For Rent: 1,2, or 3 bedroom town-
houses available for 2003/2004 
school season. Near la Jolla/UTe. Ca" 
now 858.578.3392, 
utcrentals@aol.com. (8/11) 

For Rent: 4 and 5 bedroom houses 
and condos for 2003/2004 school 
season. La Jo"a/ University City area. 
S2700·S3250. Utcrentals@aol.com, 
858.578.3392. (7/14) 

SUNNY STUDIO FOR lENT, North 
Park. Utilities & table inc. 
Washer/dryer. No pets. Available now, 
tall 619.294.8636. (5/29) 

Horse stalls for rent in cool Del Mar 
area, startint at S25O/mo. Lighted 
arena, trails, tackdowns, trailer park-
int. 858.792.6579. (6/5) 

Mira Mesa house 3 bed 1 bath 2 car 
garage, great kitchen. SI400/month 
avail. 6/18, 858.695.8622. (5/29) 

large houses for rent: Pacific Beach 
and N. Clairmont/ lV, 5-9 bedrooms, I 
year leases start July-Sept., quiet 
areas, upper division students. 
858.274.4017. (6/5) 

large 5 and 6 BR homes in 
Clairemont and Sorrento Mesa. 
$2800-3300. Call 858.583.9990 or 
email houses@georgeyou.com (6/5) 

La Jolla/UTe large 3BR 2 1/2 BA 
Townhouse on Easter Way. Easily 
accomodates 5 students. S2300. Call 
85B.583.9990 or email: 
houses@georgeyou.com. (5/29) 

Partially furnished 2 bedroom, 1.5 
bathroom condo in Univet5ity City; 
pool, garage, patio, vaulted ceilings, 
adjacent to Vons/Rite Aid, 1 bus to 
UCSD. Available 9/1/03-6/30/04. 
51495, 858.450.9270. (6/2) 

3 bedroom 2.5 bath, 2 car garage 
condo near U Village Square, avail-
able Sept. S2300/mo. Also 3/1.5 
condo near UK, SI800/mo, available 
July 1. 858.792.6453. (5/29) 

3BR/1.5BA townhouse. Camino 
Kiosco. Near UTe. Available 6/1 . Call 
8rian 858.455.8410. (5/29) 

Beautifully furnished 2BR/2.5BA 
condo in U Shores, long term 
S2950/mo, summer rental 
SSOOO/mo. Walk to beach, 2 garage 
spaces, washer/dryer. Call Amy, Team 
Chodorow, 858.459.73n. (6/5) 

Own room UIO/month and utilities. 
Available June 15th. 15 min from 
UCSD, free bus zone. Females only. 
call Magdalena @ B58.492.5171. 
(6/5) 

Private bedroom/bath close to cam-
pus. Walk-in closet, washer/dryer. 
Pool/spa/gym. Available June 15-July 
31 . S700 for 1.5 months. Negotiable. 
858.220.0766. (6/5) 

3 bedroom, 2 bath. Beautiful remod-
el. Pool, spa, 3+parking. 12,000, call 
Michael, 925.963.2156, Pines of La 
Jolla@Nobel & Regents. (6/2) 

Attention 
Students: Graduation 

student summer r.ates 
5xS $ 18 per month 

Pictures are 
Coming! 

WHITEN YOUR TEETH 
$250 

(when you schedule In exam, 
x·ray. Ind cleaning) 

A105 (858)452-5520 
blhind Rock Bottom 

5x6 $ 21 per month 
5x7 $ 25 per month 

WIth Student 1.0. Daily pro·rate available in Sept. 

scripps storage 
Call for reservation 

858-566·3881 

THURSDAY. MAY Z9, ZOO) 

• Beclrm, 3 bath, livingrm/familyrm. 
1 yr or more, S3100/mo. Big yard, 
pool optional. Grad students/profes-
sors preferred. 858.452.4203. (6/5) 

Solana Beach. 3-bedroom, 2.5-bath 
executive home available for 2003-
2004 academic year. Fully fumished, 
all appliances including wid, jacuui, 
and patio in fenced backyard, 2-car 
garage. Gardener included, pet 
allowed. S2,460 monthly. Bob 
858.481.6508. (6/5) 

la Jo"a, 2 bedroom furnished condo, 
wlk to UCSD, garage, pool/spa, wash· 
er/dryer, avail 8/ I /03, $1525. Sherry 
858.361.9908. (6/5) 

U Garden Villas, near UCSD. 2br/2ba, 
S2000/m. Fully furnished, fplc, great 
for young family of 4, free hot water. 
858.752.1291-C, 858.552.8155-H. 
(5/29) 

FOR SALE 

IADUAnOIf SALE 
-Appl,-
I====-~ __ $2,-1 
I ......... U," ... --_...... • I • __ 1J ... _ .... __ ............ ,1 1~ 
1

_ .. '1.1'_____ ... 1 
:.-:;.:-_ ...... _ .......... ~11. 

la~=-.:.-===- '1,_1 
- T tul.//". -
1=-~~ __ "''''''''''111211 1::--===-_____ '1,4211 
I =-.:::.~ ...... -.. _ ... _ '1,7411 , .... _-- . 

-0.([-1:=.::=_ ... _____ '1,711 1 
1==-____ ... _'1, .. 1 
1
==';:=',_. ____ '1,321 1 
.------- . 

--=5--
-- ~ asa..JU.GlI .... ... 

$145 Queen Pillowtop Mattress Set, 
brand new, still in plastic. with war-
ranty. S 115 Fu" Orthopedic mattress 
set. Can deliver. 858.688.2781. (8/11) 

Cherry Sleich Bed S295. Solid wood, 
new still in box. Black' leather couch. 
Brand new, S495. 858.68B.27B 1. 
(8/1 I} 

BRAND NEW desk and twin size mat-
tress w/ holder, EXCElLENT CONDI-
nON, S 150 total!! Call 858.657.0323. 
(6/5) 

2001 Ford Mustang. low miles, 5 
speed, V-6, fully loaded, power every-
thing! Silver/Gray Int, excellent condi-
tion. S14,3OO, OBO. 949,981.9334. 
(6/2) 

WANTED 

En Donors Needed. Age 19-29, 
excellent compensation. Call 
MelisSi@ Building Families 
800.790.7633. (8/11) 

Egg Donors Needed. Exceptional 
compensation for exceptional donors! 
Contact Dawn at Fertility Alternatives, 
Inc. FAlnc@speedband.com 
909.696.7466 www.fertilityalterna-
tives.com (7/14) 

Volunteers paid S30 for an interview. 
If you are entirely of Chinese, 
Japanese, or Korean descent, age 21 -
26, call 552·8585 x5590. (8/11) 

SSSEyeblink Study- earn Sl60!!! 
Healthy males needed: 18·35, righl· 
handed, dnug·free, no psychiatric his-
tory. Studies on M-F, 8·4 only. UCS-
DMC, Hillcrest. 619.543.2314. (6/5) 

THURSDAY, MAY Z9, ZOOJ 

SERVICES 

See our Coupon 
in Today's Paper 

STORAGE 
WEST" --\------a(~" 
SELF STORAGE 

"It's Best in the West!" 

DOTUTOR.com Need a TUTOR? 
Hundreds of tutors to your home, a" 
subjects, any level, discount packages 
available. 1.877.DOJUTOR, we are 
hiring. (6/5) 

ATTN: June Grads! 
Join the 

Job Search Club! 
The Job Search Club is a 6-day 
intensive job search program for 
seniors and grad sludenls who 

are graduating. 
Pick up an applicalion and get 

more details at the 
Career Services Center or at 

hnp:/fcareer.ucsd .• du 
APPLY EARLY' Llmit,d space 

O.adlln.; June 12 

UCSD Carllr Service. Cenler 
~braryWalk 
I..· (858)534-3750 

career.ucsd.edu 

Medical Billing- start your medical 
praC1ice off right with Streamline 
Medical Billing & Consulting. 
Streamline specializes in electronic 
claims processing and is the wave of 

the future. Katie Bennett 
619.401 .7475, katiebennett@stream-
linemedical.com, www.stream· 
linemedical.com. (6/5) 

PERSONALS 

got romance? 
Freshman·age Del Mar Guy, 
new to UCSD, Seeks Bright 
Science Major Cutie to share 
fun times and friendship . 

You wonder why I advertise? 
Check out my online profile 
and get more details. Thanks! 

Even Bi" Gates was spotted clipping 
coupons from an issue of the 
Guardian. Get with it, UCSD! (5/29) 

Deserved jinx. New York Yankee 
Roger Clemens is closing in on his 
300th win, but doesn't have it yet. He 
is, however, already sporting a glove 
with a 300th commemorative patch. 
You still have to play the games, 
Rocket. (5/29) 

Movie Quote 1003. Now that your 
studies have intensified, the Biz Office 
thinks we might be able to sneak one 
right by you. By the way, we can't 
believe there aren't any "Raising 
Arizona" buffs out there. Last week's 
quote was the first to stump UCSD! 
OK, here we go with week Jl9: "Yeah. 
The funny thing is-on the outside, I 
was an honest man. Straight as an 
arrow. I had to come to prison to be a 
crook." (5/29) 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

n Sorrento Valley ~ Self Storage LLC 
10531 Sorrento Valley Rd. 
(858)453-0800 

Mira Mesa 
Self Storage LLC 
7044 Flanders 
( 858)453-0511 

Golden Triangle 
Self Storage LLC 
10345 Sorrento Valley Rd . 
(858) 453-1001 

ClASSIFIEDS 17 

Sorrento Mesa/UTe 
Self Storage LLC 
6690 Mira Mesa Blvd. 
(858) 453-0100 

Free Truck to Move In! 
• No Security Deposit 

• Friendly Staff 

• Call for Guaranteed 
Reservation with 
Credit Card 

• Plan Ahead 
Reserve Now! 

Some Restrictions Apply 

www.S.nDlecoSelfStor·ce.com 

2 more to go! Graduation Issue next Thursday, June 5th! 

to cat • ~tudy FAQ on REEF Financing 
• ports & 

• ca • 

mer nc 
r • t u 

• deadlines • buse 
• the 
to eat· study 

lecture notes • spor s & 
campus web sites 

__ live student guide 
UCSD hI! nearly 25,000 students. To assist them in their existence 
we publ1.h the UCSD ...... c...pr ....... ".S ...... ' 
...... nus colorful, cuy to read magazine i. an essential !'CSOl1rCe 
for campus information. 

7,OOO ......... CI J ........................ -
~_ ............... ......." .. Z2nIL 
AI ~...,.. .................. x...,_ 
.............. c ............ , ......... _ 
iItI ...... ...,. ............... tr.rnc _.., .rtIoM ... 
........ ., .... UCSD a.pu. 

25,000 students! They lave to cat, shop, seek housing, buy and rent 
can, and they seck J:.oth ltudy and diversion. If you offer what these 
studen!s need, then n' ........... to ,... _ .. II .... 
UCID ...... '. 2OOI-JOO4 C •• r ...... ",.S ...... 
...... YOll'. lite _ "' .... 

-1- -..., ...... 1..,·· 
one .1.tMn!h pace (l Ui"'. 2" " ') U41 U7e 
one el,hth pace (3"" x 2'1"'1 lUI un 
one QIllfter pace (3"". 4" " ) .... .... 
one hilI PICe ("e,\. 3" " . 9'1") 

or horl • . 711T • 4"'" .7U ... 
Full PICe (711" x 9"'" tI,1" U,III 
'C_' ($V". 1fV'"J tu, un 

..... 1 ..... •• 
... -

.. 

UN III/A 
-
c ..... 

UtI III/A 
-
_U • 

... III/A ","_ 
, ....... '" 
....... 

eeu 
.. " .... " u,." h.,MI 

UN mil 
.---.. "' . .,.....-.. ,....,~-- ..... .....,"'.~-­
-_.-....." ...... __ ._-,-,.---.,-......,-

FINAL AD DEADLINE: Friday, July 11th 
C.II tocl." (858)534-3486 for Inform.llon 

•••••• • 111 ••• ,.' •• • • " Fmc (858)534-7691 •••.•••• ' •• ,.I ••.• r' 

Question: How are Education Investments different from a loan? 
Answer: Loans are sums of money lent at interest. Education Investments 

are sums of money disbursed to students at no interest. The 
objigation of an Education Investment is based on a fIXed percentage 
of future income for a fIXed period of time. This program allows 
flexibility in obligation according to your economic situation. 
Which means, you pay less when you have less and more when you 
have more. 

Question: Can these Education IlYesbnents pa, for all of m, tuition? 
Answer: Education Investments are a great complement for students that 

have already received grants, scholarships and federal loans but 
still need more money for their living costs. REEF can help st~dents 
fill the gap between what you have and what you need. REEF will 
fund a maximum of $7000 for cost of living expenses per school 
year. 

Question: How does this affect lIlY Financial Aid package? 
Answer: Education Investments will not affect your Financial Aid package. 

REEF works closely with the Financial Aid Office and the Student 
Business Office at UCSD to ensure Education Investment 
disbursements fit into your cost of living package. As opposed to 
increasing the amount of loans you are responsible for, you now 
have an alternative way to finance your education that's more 
sensitive to your future ability to pay. 

Question: How are these percentage ratlS determined? Will the, changl 
throlgllollt tile 11ft of the obllption? 

Answer: Percentage rates begin: 
0.1% for graduate students (1/10 of one percent) 
O.~, for undergraduate students (lIS of one percent) 

Rates are specific to each applicant. Education Investments are 
awarded on a case-by-case basis. The more information a student 
gives REEF, the more accurately a rate is determined. Students are 
enc?uraged to infonn REEF about their goals, career plans, internships, 
major, test scores, CPA and anything else they think is relevant 
regarding their future. 

www,aboutREEF.org 
(858)587·8944 



18 SPORTS 

London ........................ S403 
Paris ............................. S437 
Sydney ........... ............. S921 
Rio de Janeiro ............. S678 
Eurail Passes from ...... S249 
Budget Hotels from .... S18 

pick up your compllment;ory, premiere issue of! anrJU'I 
magazine at your local STA Travel branch. 

:!-""""'"'- liijTRAVEL I 
on ( AmpUl on THl ITIIllET 

Coursework leading to Microsoft 
and other Certifications! 

COURSES START JUNE i6! 
Free "Career Opportunities" Open House 

www.sandiego.edultech 
for more information 

or call 619.260.5986 

1 week leltl 
Mon. June 2nd 
Thurs. June 5th 
Graduation Issue 

Watch for the 
SUMMER EDITION 
Mon. June 30th 

THE U D GUARDIAN 

CLUB SPORTS 
WOMEN'S ULTIMATE 
Over Memorial Day weekend, the 

women's ultimate Frisbee team 
traveled to Austin, 1exa , to com-
pete in the national championships. 
After a very successful season, the 
Tritons entered the tournament 
ranked third and began pool play 
on May 23. UC D had twO strong 
wins to begin the tournament 
against Iowa (15- 13) and otre 
Dame (I5-1 1), but fe ll to long-time 
rival Colorado in the final game of 
pool play, losing 15-10. On May 
24, UCSD came out srrong in its 
match against Duke in the pre· 
quarterfinals, beating them handily 
with a core of 15 -8. They then met 
M1T in the quarterfinals, battling 
hard, but losing 15-12 . Although 
UC D did not repeat a national 
title this year, they look forward to 
next season, in which they hope to 
regain their title. UC D will grad-
uate the following seniors: R uth 
Chen, La urel Fiske, Stephan ie 
Jong, Korin Lee, Nellie 0' ei ll · 
din n ing, Elana Segal, Meredith 
Tosta and Lauren Clancey. 

BADMINTON 
The UCSD Badminton team 

played VC Irvine and Pasadena 
City College on arurday to deter-
mine who would be the winner of 
the Southern California Collegiate 
Bad m inton League. In the firs t 
ma tch agai nst PCC, UCS D cruised 
to a 13-2 win. T he women's team 
provided the spark by going unde· 

fcated in singles, doubles and mixed 
for the third time this season. T he 
women 's team was led by veterans 
Dede D avis and Dara Wal h, who 
were playi ng their fina l game for 
the Tritons. 

On tile men's side, senior Phil 
Bratton, picked up an emotional 
victory in mixed doubles, coming 
from beh ind to beat PCC's No. I 
mixed tca m. 

ext, UCSD took on arch-rival 
UCl. I t beca me apparent that 
throughout the matches, VCI was 
looking to avenge its loss at nation-
als. Although UC 0 put out a huge 
effort, U I took the rna tch 10-5. 

On the women's side, next yea r's 
captain Stephanie Obayashi picked 
up a win in ingle and remained 
undefeated in singles pl ay thi sea-
son. 

T he men's doubles teams of 
David Lamb and Chhay Taing and 
of Phil Bratton and ary C han eas-
ily won thei r matches in two sets. 

Although UCS D did not win 
the league titl e. this year will be 
remembered as a year in which 
UCS D was the 2003 N ational 
Champions in badminton. UCS D 
went up against 22 un iversities 
from all over the nation and pulled 
out on top. 

The expectations for next yea r's 
team will be high as UCSD tries to 
defend its national ti tle in 
Maryland in April 2004 and win 
back its league ti tl e from UC 
Irvi ne. H owever, it won 't be easy, 
since the team will lose fi ve of its 
graduating members: Davi , Walsh, 

THURSDAY, MAY 29, 2003 

Rachel A. Garcia/Cuardian 

Not all bad: Though UCSD didn't Win 
the league title on May 24. it won the 
National Championship earlier this year. 
Bratton,Jul ian W u and Kelvin 00. 
These fi ve seniors have been on the 
team since its start and their leader-
ship and dedication will be sorely 
missed by the team. 

- Compiled by Cynthia Chavez 
Staff Writer 

Crew: Women's crew will miss veterans 
continUld fro m page 19 

For the past three years, Gray has 
been a Collegiate Rowi n g 
Coach es Association Athlete 
Scho lar. In addition to these 
achievements, Gray has also wo n 
many \OVestern I ntercollegiate 
Rowing Association and Pacific 
Coast Rowing Conference cham-
pionships and medals over the 
years. In the fall, she will contin-
ue her education at UC D's med-
Ical choo!. 

Doyle ;tartcd her rowing career 
as a lightweIght and won several 
awards III her fir t two years. 
Ilowever, for the past two years, 
shc has occuplcd the coxswatn sea t. 
Iler ~ophomore year, Doyle was 
named the mo,t lin proved varsity 
rower and has won many o( the 
team's I lean and Ilustle Awards. 
Tlus season, she ha been nominat-
ed for the Collegiate Rowing 
Coaches Assoc13tion 0-11 All-
American Team, whIch will be 
announced June 1. 

WIler contnbucion to the boat III 
terms of passion and the ability to 
get the crew to rise above tllem-
selves is legendary," PlIlkerton said. 

WI rely a lo t on her feedback about 
what is going on in the boat and 
her insight into the worlcings of the 
squad." 

Dawirs has made an impact as 
one of the most dedicated and 
supportive rowers on women's 
crew. For fo ur yea rs, she has 
helped with recruiti ng and fi lled 
almost every position in the boat 
as a utility rower. Dawirs ha 
worked hard to recover from twO 
knee operations to be able to row 
with the varsity eIght this year. 

he has also received the Heart 
and Hustle Award for several 
years. 

Patton has been a co-captain for 
the past two years. In 200 I, Patton 
was named to the CRCA Second 
Team A1l-Amcncan. For the past 
twO years, Patton has been a CRCA 
athlete scholar and will be one 
again this year. \ Ith one of thc 
highest GPAs in the athletic 
department, Patton will attend 
graduate school for engineering in 
the fall. 

"Sara is one of those gifted ath-
letes who are good ath letes in their 
own right, but who InspIre athletes 

around them to be better," 
Pinkerton said. 

Hopkins transferred to UCSD 
and joined the crew team three 
years ago. She was voted most 
inspirati onal novice, and later set 
the school record in the 2000-
meter ERG . Last yea r, H opkins 
made history, becoming the first 
VCSD woman to wi n the San 
Diego Indoor Classic. 

hirley tra nsferred to UCSD 
two years ago from II umboldt 

tate, where she also rowed. She 
has been the team' small-boat spe-
cialist III her time as a Triton. Last 
season, she helped her van,ity four 
boat win the Grand Canyon Games. 

"I ler ca lm outlet Jnd personali -
ty always settled the tcam," 
Pinkerton said. UI would dub her 
the quiet achtever." 

Moser joined the team this year 
as a senior and worked hard to earn 
a spot on the junior va rsity eight. 
She continued to work hard and 
improved "dramatically over the 
spri ng." 

"It ta kes courage to take up a 
new sport as a sentor and stick it 
out," Pinkerton said . 

Knows: UCSD could use a high ... profile coach 
contmued from /><IRe ~o 

thonk I want a coach to go Bohby 
Knight on a ~tudent. coach get-
ung caught boollllg It up the way 
EUHachy dId would defillitcly not 
be posltlve for our school. 0 I 
guess I don't wam a ~candJI, but I 
walll sOlllethl ng thaI Ics~cn~ the 
apathy and Ignorance I feel sur· 
rounels athletics around campus 
frolll non -athletes. 

Certalllly pm of thl problem IS 
the wllege systelll I'm sure college 
adtnllllStraLOrs do a great Job o( 
tnformll1g students of every acade-
mIc acuvlty. And I know that most 
o( the RAs, deans and others III 
power at the college level do a 
great Job o( rallytng tudents WIth-
in the colleges for collcge·rclJtcd 
aCl1Vl ties. So why wuldn', they do 
Ihe sa me for athlcuc ' 

Some would say that winmng 
bnngs an excitcm(;nt dnd to calTl-

pus. I searched for amwers on 
UCSD'~ athlenc~ Web me and 
(lund that 13 CSD portS rank In 

the top 25 nationally In DIVlsion I 
or DIVlslon I I. Obviou~ly, the over-
all success of UCSD'~ collective 
teams and program I n't the prob-
lem. 

So what I" the CJll!>e of the lack 
o( care or hun on thiS campll~ 
al)(Jut sporti' Well, gOlllg to gamc~ 
I\n't seen by many a an event or 
legitimate acuvlty tllat takes prece-
dent over Important academic 
thlllgs It ke blolob'Y class, ( ch m 
or Counterstnkc. 

But can't a school be a research 
untver~ity and be eXCited about its 
athletlc~ at th ame time' 

The only way It can happen IS 
WIth the athJctl department mak-
ing 2thJel1c~ llIore VISIble and, I( 
that IS not enough, dmng some-
thing ebe. If YOll have lC) rcsort to 

halupas, I say there's nothmg 
wrong with that. 

DOlllg other less gimmicky 
things, like hosung the CAA 
Women's \Vater Polo 
ChampionshIps thiS year and other 
events Ioke It that hring prestige t(j 
us from other s hools and people 
who know the ~P()rt. l3ut even had 
UC D's squad, which lilllshetl the 
season ranked 12th nationally, 
made the nauonal final four that 
UCSD hosted (they were only one 
game away from being in the final 
(our they hosted, did you know 
that'), I'm not ~ure h(}w llIuLh of 
the campus would have heen aware 
of It or cared. And no Inatter whJt 
the reason - tha t' sad. 

The columnist welcomes any com 
menls. Readers s nd him e-malls al 
owen@ucsd.edu 

THURSDAY, MAY 29, 2003 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

SENIOR SENDOFF 

Seven Triton rowers to leave 
All were strong contributors to crew 

By CHRlmNE UM 
Staff Writer 

The UCSD women's crew team 
will graduate seven seniors this 
year, four of whom have been row-
ing ~arsity f?r four years. Morgan 
DaWlrs, Clatre Doyle, Emily Gray 
and Sara Patton are four-year varsi -
ty rowers. Amber Hoplcins is a 
three-year varsity rower, Amanda 
Shirley is a two·year varsity rower 
and Bryn ;\ Ioser joined crew this 
year. 

"They have all made contribu· 
tions to the current srrength of the 
program," said Triton head coach 
Patti PinJtenon. "Morgan, Claire, 
Emily and Sara have seen huge 
changes to the program over the 
four years they have been here." 

Gray is distinguished as one of 
the most accomplished rowers on 
the team. She has been co-captain 
of the team for two years and, 
according to Pinkerton, has been 
" the top athlete" of the team ever 
since her sophomore year. 

Rowin. off women's crew 

Two out of the three years 
before this season, G ray was voted 
most inspirational rower. In 2002, 
she was the only non -na tional 
team rower to be named to the 
U.S. Rowing Collegiate Honor 
Roll. Last year, she was also 
named to the Collegiate Rowing 
Coaches Association Division II 
First Team All -American, and 
Pinkerton predicts she will be 
named to the team again this year. 

Set CREW. Page 18 

c:our.., 01 UCSOAll1lllics 

lid ...... : (From left 
., right. top row) Morgan 
0Mts. Claire Dc¥e. Emily 
Gray, Amber Hopkins, 
(bottom KM) Bryn Moser, 
Sar" Patton and Amanda 
Shirley rowed their last 
regatta this year for UCSO 
w:>met\'S CJf!N as aD will 
graduate this spring. 

Class 
starting soon! 

June 15 
On UCSD campus 

Call 1-800-KAP-TEST or visit kaptest.com to enroll today! 

Test prep, admissions and guidance. For life . 

SPORTS 19 

STORAGE USA 
STUDENT 
SPECIAL 

FREE 
TRUCK 

FOR 
MOVE-IN 

at ArIon. location only 

Bulllat Truck ,."ta/. 
at Miramar location 

ACCESS DAILY 6 AM TO 10 PM 

2 Miramar Locations! 

8038 Arj ons Drive 
(858)549-8300 

8192 Miramar/ Cabot 
(858)549-0500 

We sell boxes, locks and packing supplies 

HOSTEL a EURAIL SUPPLIES 
Money ....... Sleep ShIIte, LocU • CIIIII 
Loc:b, Toilltry ~ I'Kk TOftIe, 

T,..,. G .... . ...... Du8I VoItagI 
AppIIenc:ea. c---. • AdepIor PIugI, 

11M! c.r, clalftlng end IIIUdIINldlIIIONI 

OPEN 7 DAYS A WEEK 

Make the Connection. UCSD Media Services (a 
division of the Media Center) is looking for bright, energetic, 
service· and technology·oriented stUdents to fi ll openings 
for Fall 2003- Be a part of the dynam iC team that delivers 
and operates audio·visual equipment to most classes and 
some special events on campus. 

We Offer... . Flexible schedules 
• Performa nce bonuses 

• Great pay 
• PGld training 

For More Informatfon .•. 
VIsit <medlacenter. ucsd.edu> a nd click on 

-Student Job Information" or call us at 8581534 '5784 
Applications accepted until 9115/2003 

UCSD 
M e d ia Cen t e r 



Athletics 
apathy is 

rampant on 
campus 

o Knows 
Owen Main 

L ast week, Rick Bay, the ath-letic director at SD U, resigned after an II -month 
audit that came as a result of the 
pre idem of SD U threatening to 
fire him. Bay, who'd been with the 
Aztecs since 1995, vastly Improved 
many facilities and programs at 

DSU. 
Bay not only hired coaches like 

teve FI her and befriended finan-
cial supportt!rs like Padres owner 
John Moores, but also raised 
admiSSIOns standards for athletes 
that coincided with graduation 
rates. But, in the end, failure to 
administer a thing like the equip-
ment room caught up with him. 

This got me thinking about an 
issue that I've sometimes pondered 
since I got to UCSD: Why doesn't 
a high-profile coach or administra-
tor at our school ever get caught 
me slOg up' The answer IS that 
most of our coaches and adminiS-
trator keep a low profile. Many of 
our coachc<; Jre well known In cer-
tain clrdes, but the term "high-
profile" doesn't seem to label any-
body at our chool. 

I'm not saying that this isn't a 
good thing. It is. Larry Eustachy 
and Mike Price were put in the 
spotlight and made their respec-
tive schools' programs even more 
high-profile than they already 
were when they were both 
involved in scandals. And I don't 

See KNOWS, Page IB 

Senior Sendoff 
Next yea(s women's crew 

will be without the 
experience of seven 
rowers, graduating. 

page 19 

THURSDAY 
MAY 29, 2003 

20 

Three Tritons named AII--Americans 
Tucker earns Division II Player of the Year honors 

By DANIEL DIAl 
Staff Writer 

' 1\'0'0 career gOt the ultimate 
icing on the cake. One even got a 
taste of better lhlngs to come. 

eniors Dana Tucker and 
amara IIverman and junior 

Meris Bantilan-Smith each earned 
a spot alongside some of the most 
storied players in Tnton water 
polo history on May 22 when the 
trio was named to the 2003 
Division II Women's AlI-
Amencan team. While all three 
were commended for their Out-
standing play throughout the sea-
son, it was Tucker who came away 
the big winner, earning the 2003 
Divi ion II Player of the Year hon-
ors. 

"They all played well this sea-
son and deserved those awards," 
said UC D head coach Larry 
Sanders. "Dana was definitely one 
of the better [Wo-meter players in 
the country, Samara was a daring 
player on both side of the pool, 
and Meris also did great things." 

With the award, Tucker and 
Silverman cap off a strong eason 
and illustrious careers full of acco-
lade that have only confirmed 
their statuS a~ twO of the best pla'y-
er to ever set foot in a UC D 
pool. 

Tucker's 2003 performance 
was more than deserving of the 
Player of the Year honor ; as 
UC D!i co-captain, she led the 
Tritons With 63 goals, 25 a sists 
and a single-season record of 87 
ejections drawn. Tucker also 
blasted her way into the career 
section of the Tri ton record book, 
finishing fifth on the all-time 
scoring list with 157 goals and 
first in the ejections-drawn cate-
gory with 219 over a four-year 
stretch. This marks the second-
straight year that Tucker ha 

Rachel A. Garcia/Guardian file 

0-11 standout: UCSD's two-meter player Dana Tucker (No. 2) was the second-straight Triton to eam Player of the Year honors. 
earned All-American honors. 

Silverman was the master of 
water polo pilfering, racking up 
2 0 teals over her four-year 
career, annihilating the previou 
record by 106. ilverman also 
found it neces ary to keep topping 
herself year after year; her 5 
teals this season mark the third 

time she has beaten her own in-
gle-season record. 

With one year left in a Triton 
uniform, Bantllan- mith will 
carry on the torch of Triton fire-
power, which will be left behind by 
her departing teammates without 
having to prove that she can stand 
with some of the greats. 

She's been there, done that. 
Bantilan-Smith, a three-year 

starter for UCSD, was second in 
both goals and steals this year, 
right behind Tucker and 
ilverman with 41 and 50, respec-

tively. 

Tucker's award is the second-
Straight Division II Player of the 
Year honor for UCS Di Emma 
Kudritzki won the coveted award 
in 2002 . All eye for the continu-
ation of the streak lay on 
Bantilan- mith, who is expected 

to make a strong run for the 
honor in 2004. 

"Meris is going to have the 
mantle upon her head next year," 
Sanders said. Hopefully she'll do 
the good thing that she's been 
doing all along." 

Aggabao, Mettee make AII-CCAA First Team 
Hunstad and Hurst from Triton softball earn honorable mentions 

By JOE SPANO 
Staff Writer 

Infielder Kiln Aggabao and 
third baseman Amy Metlee, both 
JUniors, w~re selected by league 
head LOache~ to the All-Call£orma 
Collc!(we Athlctlc A~~oclatlon 
Fir t ' Icam for oftball on ,\1ay 20. 
Semor c.acher Kristin I !unstad and 
sophoJ1lore fir~t haseman Jall1le 

Ilur~1 bOlh earned honorablc men -
uon recognlOon. 

Mcnee, \\ ho I~ a twO-tlllle AlI-
CeAA team member, was abo 
selectcd lCJ be a member of the 
Loulwille ' Iuggerl allonal 
Fastpllch Coaches ASSOCiation 
DIvIsion" All -West Region First 
' Icam 

"It 's a bleat honor to re elve, 
but what happens lCJ the team IS 
most IInportant," Mcnee said. 
"TIllS year was a growlllg year for 
us and everyone IS really eXCited 
about our prospects for next year." 

Mellee was In the lOp five 
among the CCAA batllng leaders, 
hilling .390 for the season. The 
Junior led the conference III wal 
per game. She led the conference 
III hitting dUring her sophomore 
year. 

She abo led nearly every offen-

;Ive category for the 'Ii-110m III 
2003, including batting average, 
rum, hits, doubles, home runs, total 
bases, sluggmg percentage, walks, 
on-base percentage and teab. 

DefenSively 1ettee nwntallled 
a .93 9 fielding percentage on the 
left ~Ide of the Infield 

"Amy had a frustrating }car, but 
even thou!(h ,he wasn 't always on 
the top of her game, she "'3 still 
one of the three bcst "ffenslvc play-
ers III the CCAA," said LCSD head 
coach Paw Gen:ker "All I can say 
IS thank God he IS corning back 
nex year" 

Aggabao "as a defenSive rock 
for the Tritons, and had the sec-
ond-bcst Imung average for the 
team while leading the team In 
RBh and saCrIfices. She was also 
se lected to the AlI-' lournamellt 
' /Calll at the sea~on-opemng 
Diamond Spom BeM of the We t 
Invluuonal III Mode~to, Calif., on 
Feb. 1 and Feb. 2. 

"In all the CCAA, no one ('.me 
e10 e to her stats at ;hortStop," 
Gerckens aid "Everyone on the 
team loob to her a a role model, 
she ha.s unbelievable composure on 
the field " 

Ilunstad, a four-year (~ t(;her, 
and the lone senior on the Icam, sct 

career highs for herself In average, 
runs and RBis this year whde Mart-
109 52 gaines behind the plate. 

"Kristin doesn't get a lot of 
recognition, but Without a good 
catcher, It doesn't mailer how good 
your pitchers are - they won 't 
look good," Gerckens ald . "She 
will be hard to replace. She knew 
how to ca lm pitchers down and 
CJllcd a great game" 

I I urSt wa~ solid III the field and 
at the plalc She made 377 defen-

~Ive putouts at firM base whlle abo 

Rachel A. Ga,oa/CuardlOn f~e 
A touch out: UCSD'sAmy Menee takes an at·bal ln the Tritons' final home 
game of the season on May 4 She led the team With a .390 batting average. 

filll~hlllg third III batllng average 
on the team 'he had the se(ond-
most RBh, walks, LOul ba~es, oou-

ble~ and sacnfice for the year, ~s 
well. 

"Thl\ was Jalllle \ fir I year 1/1 

the II1field, .lI1d hI! rcally learned 
the posItion well .1Ilt! embraccd II," 
(.crckens sa id "By the end of the 
year, \hc W,IS hJllll1g III the () 3 
\P<lt, and thaI' where you walll 
your be~t hiller." 


