
2 
OPINION 
Pro/Con 1 

• 
Should A.S, 
commissioners 

Campus Calendar be elected or 
a.ifieds appointed? 

16 page 4 

THE UCSD 

TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 2004 

Albright participates in foreign 
policy discussion at UCSD 

Travis BaIl/Guotdion 
, Madam secretary: Former Secretary of State Madeleine Albright spoke with IRI PS Professor Susan Shirk and Institute of 

the Americas President Jeffrey Davidow, whom both served in the State Department during Albrigh~s term, on Feb. 13. 
By SHANNON EUOI' in Iraq, among other issues. Albright said that the United 

Staff Writer The auditorium was filled to States "did know Osama bin Laden 

Former U .S. Secretary of State 
Madeleine Albright visited the 
Institute of the Americas 
Auditorium on Feb. 13 to partici-
pate in a foreign policy discussion 
with two UCSD international 
affairs experts. Albright was joined 
by Susan Shirk, professor of politi-
cal science at the Graduate School 
of International RelationslPacific 
Studies, and Jeffrey Davidow, pres-
ident of the Institute of the 
Americas. 

Cosponsored by the IRIPS and 
the Institute of the Americas, the 
"Conversation with Secretary 
Albright" featured the former sec-
retary of state's thoughts on 
notable political dilemmas, partic-
ularly terrorism, nuclear prolifer-
ation in North Korea and the war 

maximum capacity, and prospec- was a danger to us" and former 
tive attendees were redirected to President Bill Clinton was "very 
an overflow room with live video cognizant of the danger of terror-
broadcast of the talk. ism and had made statements and 

Albright began the dialogu~ by taken actions to fight terrorism." 
claiming that the major problem According to Albright, Clinton 
of this century thus far has been had set up a series of structural 
terrorism. She proceeded to pre- approaches within the American 
sent her View on how the Bush government to deal with terror-
administration has handled the ism at the beginning of his admin-
issue. istration. Clinton added to the 

"President Bush has divided the budget of the. CIA, tripled the 
world into those who are against us budget of the FBI and set up 
and those who are with us, which I offices in the White House which 
think is an overly simplified way of coordinated anti-terrorism activi-
looking at what is becoming an ty, she said. 
increasingly complex international Albright said tKat it is not sim-
system," Albright said. ply the possession of crucial intel-

When asked about government ligence documents that prevents 
intelligence and American knowl- attacks, but also how that intelli-
edge of Osama bin Laden prior to 
the Sept. 11,2001 terrorist attacks, See ALBRIGHT. Page 3 

U .S.--China ~elationship examined 
Experts discuss future ' economic impact 
By SHANNON EUOI' 

Staff Writer 

T he U.S.-China Economic, 
Security Review Commission 
and approximately 20 experts on 
C hinese business and technology 
convened at Great Hall on Feb. 
12 and Feb. 13 for two days of 
hearings sponsored by UCSD's 
Graduate School ofInternational 
RelationslPacific Studies. 

The hearings consisted of the 
experts' views on China's capabili-
ties in the production and devel-
opment of high-tech goods and 

services, particularly in the areas 
of biotechnology, nanotechnolo-
gy, telecommunications, energy 
computing and information tech-
nology. 

"The goal of our field investi-
gation is to examine closely the 
changing trade and investment 
patterns in the East Asian region 
due t~ China's economic growth. 
Crucial to this issue is China's 
emergence as a major player in 
the production of high-tech 
goods and services, and its 
increasing involvement in 
advanced research and develop-

ment in many fie lds," 
Commission Chairman Roger W. 
Robinson, Jr. said in his opening 
remarks. "Assessing the implica-
tions of these developments is at 
the heart of the Commjssion's 
mandate." 

Established by Congress in 
2000, the commission was created 
to investigate the national security 
implications of the United States' 
trade and economic relationship 
with China . . 

The field investigation began 

Set IR/PS. Page 7 

Lewd conduct suspect 
apprehended by police 

Nonaffiliate recognized by 
victims, ordered out of campus 

By MARNmE FEDERIS 
Associate News Editor 

UCSD Police apprehended a 21-
year-old male non-affiliate on Feb. 
12 who was believed to be responsi-
ble for th series of acts of lewd 
behavior in which the suspect 
approached female students for a 
foot massage and used the victims' 
foot to rub himself in the groin area. 

Officers arrested the suspect at 
the RIMAC lobby after a Physical 
Plant Services groundspersoll 
reported seeing the man giving a 
female student a foot massage. T he 
groundskeeper approached the stu-
dent to inform her that he had rec-
ognized the suspect from a com-

posite released by UCSD Police 
Department and printed in the 
Guardian. 

According to crime prevention 
officers Alan Jenkins and Kristeen 
Mc ollough , the groundsperson 
saw the suspect was heading in the 
direction of RIMAC after leaving 
the student. 

"He was not arrested at the 
scene, which i why he i not being 
identified, but he ha been identi-
fied in a photo line-up by several of 
the victims," McCollough said. 

T he su pect is not affiliated wi th 
UCSD and was ordered off campus 
for seven days. Multiple criminal 

See SUSPEa. Page 7 

Students rate UCSD 
15th worst MCAT site 
Testing sites rated for proctors, 
comfort, noise and desk space 

By GAlw FAURE 
News Editor 

Kaplan Test Prep has rated 
UCSD among the 15 worst loca-
tions in the nation for students to 
take the August sitting of the 
Medical College Admission Test. 

Kaplan's 2003 "Test Site Rater" 
surveyed 2,124 students taking the 
August 2003 MCATs for proctors, 
comfort, noise, desk space and 
overall experience. 

UCSD was ranked 172 out of 
187, up from fourth-worst location 
in August 2002 . 

San Diego State Universi ty 
ranked much higher, coming in at 
69th place. 

Other UC campuses lagged 
further behind San Diego State 
but still ranked higher than 
UCSD, with UCLA at 164th, DC 
Berkeley at 129th and UC Davis 
ranking highest of the UC cam-

puses at 124th. 
Students taking the MCAT at 

UCSD's August si tting were placed 
in Peterson H all in both lecture 
halls and smaller rooms. 

"It was really loud ... and the 
desks were small ," Earl Warren 
Collegf? senior Matthew Rustici 
said. "It would be nice to have a big 
desk because you're flipping back 

See MCAT. Page 7 

WEATHER SPOKEN SURF 
" , .. , peace is a REPORT 

matter of Feb, 17 
Feb. 17 Feb. 18 necessity and not 

Wind: t#V 10 let. 
Wind waves: 1 ft. or less 

H72 L52 H67L46 Swell: 4 ft. 
choice. " 

Feb. 18 
- Madeleine Albright. Wnd: S 5 let. to 10 let 

Feb. l' Ftb.1O fonner U.S. Secretary Wnd waves: 2 ft. 
H 65 L47 H 60 L45 of State Swell: 5 ft. 



2 NEWS THE UCSD GUARDIAN 1UESDAY, FEBRUARY 17,2004 

I BRIEFLY 
GSA passes resolution 

supporting UCSA lawsuit 
The Graduate Student Association unani· 

mously passed a resolution supporting a law· 
suit against Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger. 
Originally filed by the University of Califomia 
Student Association, the suit contests the gov-
ernor's decision to immediately impose $148 
million in budget cuts without approval from 
the state legislature. 

The cuts included $100 million in educa· 
tion funding. Specific ed ucation programs 
affected by the cuts were UC outreach pro· 
grams and the UC Labor Institute. The GSA is 
working to help restore funding for programs 
seriously affected by the cuts. 

A rally sponsored by A.S. Extemal Office 
will also be held at noon on Feb. 17 at Price 
Center to protest the cuts and to address the 
40'percent tuition increase for graduate stu· 
dents. 

Petitioners of the lawsuit argue that the 
governor violated state law when he lowered 
the Vehicle License Fee without enough 
money in the General Fund to offset 
decreases. 

The GSA resolution addresses issues of 
access to education, the governor's immediate 
cuts and the proposed fee increases for grad· 
uate and professional students. The resolution 
offers support to UCSA in the efforts to restore 
funding for outreach programs, higher educa· 
tion and efforts to mobilize students in protest-
ing the cuts. 

According to the resolution, the GSA rec-
ognizes 'the importance of access to higher 
education' and that the K-12 outreach pro-
grams help provide access to underrepresent-
ed students. 

The resolution also points out the fact 
that the state has increased prison spending 
by 204 percent since 1980, while higher 
education spending has only increased by 
one percent. 

The UCSA is a student coalition represent· 
ing 190,000 students in the University of 
California to the UC Board of Regents, the UC 
Office of the Presiden~ the state legislature 
and the state governor. 

Passport Day will serve 
students, faculty, staff 

Passport agents from the Clairemont 
Community Service Center will be available 

at the International Center Lounge on Feb. 
24 frorn 9 a.rn. to 4 p.m. to assist students, 
faculty and staff members who would like to 
get a United States passport. Applications for 
a passport can be downloaded at http.//trav-
el.stote.gov. The applications, call ed OS-II, 
will also be available during the event. 

Applicants must have a proof of citizen-
ship and a driver's license. Documents that 
will be accepted through the event include 
an original or a certified copy of a U.s. birth 
certificate or the original naturalization certifi-
cate. 

Passport photos can also be taken during 
the event for a $5 fee. 

Individuals who are 16 years old or older 
mus! pay a $55 application fee and a $30 pro-
cessing fee. 

Those who are 15 years old or younger 
must pay a $40 application fee as well as the 
$30 processing fee. 

For more information, call the Service Center 
at (858) 581-4111, or visit the website at 
http.//WMN.sondiego.gov/servicecenrers/loco-
tions/clairemontshtm. Infonnation is also avail· 
able at the Programs Abroad office at (858) 
534-1123. 

University of California . 
records 439 patents in 2003 

The u.s. Patent and Trademark Office 
reported that the University of California 
recorded 439 patents in 2003, becoming 
one of the leaders in the nation's universities 
in developing patents. 

The report includes a preliminary list of 
American universities receiving the most 
patents for invention for 2003. The final list is 
expected to come out in December. 

UC research and development has been 
part of the state's economic growth and, 
according to the UC Office of the Presiden~ 
has been a key factor in several clusters includ-
ing biotechnology, telecommunications, infor-
mation technology and electronics manufac-
tu ring. . 

In the biotechnology, one in six publicly 
traded firms nationwide was founded by UC 
scientists and 85 percent employ UC alumni. 
One in six firms in technology and network-
ing was also founded by UC scientists and 
57 percent employ UC alumni. 

UC research is expected to grow through to 
2011, which would add $5.2 billion and more 
than 114,000 jobs in Califomia, according to 
the UCOP. 

Gd~ 
Evan McliU&h1in EdIIIt lit QIef 

JessicJ ICiu4aIllP Mill"" WIlts 
Clayton WotfoIk 

~ Martin eo" ra., 
Cnmt Schrader. .' 

GHIIe Faure ,... E4b 
Mamette Federis AMod.I. Newt EcIII8D 

BryanTSiO 
Daniel watts 0pInI0iI EdItor 

Cynthia Blade ChaoA!z Sports EdItor 
Anu Kum.r Assod.te Sports EdItors 

Matthew Gtant 
Karla DeVrieS FeItute5 Editor 

Neh. Singh AsaocYIe Felturel ~or 
Anne Cong-Huyen HiItus EdItor 

Deena AI Shatti AssodIIte HIatus Editors 
Billy Gil 

Rachel A Carcia Photo Editor 
David Ung Assoc:l.te Photo EcItOI' 

EdItorIII AssIstants 
Vladimir Kogan, Nd Spears, Jenn~er ~ 

;. 

.~. 

Pap lIyDUt ,. '; ;,~ .~, ~ 
Jennifer Chang. c.therine ehiu, \..IY«eI1(e Hui, 

Andrew Nguyen, Josh Shupad. Eel \\\I 
Copy..... . .' 

Emily Allen, Eunice Hwangbo 
Nathan Miklos, Heather Welles 

Adrienne Ferrari BIIiIIIess ......... 
Michael Foulks AIheItIsInI ...... 
Mike Martinez ~ AltPftdor 

...... AiII,' t" ... 
TlueXlunc 
........ , 
Josh Rose MwltII_.,.... ..... 

SWey MetsutIR~ EvIt!~ 
. amtlllion . 

Nick Arther,Not~ Tham~Jennjfer Pyun 
Kate Peny, Krishni ~ 

ThIr t.O'D au..di:JJ " p!tIIIhed ~ ind'TIusdIwI 
~ ~ ~.,.I>'/ and Ior1heJ\udel1$rl V(:SO. 

~rl .. .........,.",...,bm."""'n 
...,. 010. pen, 1iIlIhaut~ i< SIIiCIIr~ II 
2004. II rljII5 !8MMd. ThIr UCSD Cu£JdiiIl " rU II!pOI&-
tile for fIII_ at IIIIdiciIIId ~ Of 111. ",., *'" 
..,....t bMIn do oat,--.. ~ the Clj:M'IiIn r1 

ThIr(K;SO~"'~iJ/~"" 
A6\QOM11d ~ ThlrUCSO ~ • . '-lld ~ 
by~~~.~ 

GeriinI Editorial: as.U.4 6581 
..... ancf ....... ;~ 

OpInion. Sponi. PhOtO: ~2 
' HiIIus:.~ .. 

AMrlisIrc 0IIJce: ~S48 
, ..a ... IM-... 

E-mtIII..~ 
~ONLINE 

www.ucsd&Ulrdian.ors 
The UCSD Gutmllorr · 
tHO GiImIft Dr. Ul1. 

I.e .. CA t20tS-OSl' 

=-~=~~ 

I ETCETERA ••• 

I LIGHTS & SIRENS 
Sunday, Feb. 8 

10:S0 a.m..: A 63-year-old female nonaf-
filiate suffered cuts and abrasions to both 
hands and chin after tripping over a ballard 
cap at Biological Grade. Subjea sought pri-
vate treatment. 

4:31 p.m.: A 45-year-old male staff 
member suffered loss of consciousness at 
Scripps Institution of Oceanography. 
TrllnJ'/JlJ'f'ted to Thornton Hospital by PtlrQ-
mtdics. 

Monday, Feb. 9 
12:45 a.m.: Officers arrested two 18-

year-old male students and one 19-year-old 
male student at Scholars Drive South and 
Scholars Lane for multiple counts of vehicle 
tampering. Cited Il1IIi rtkllSed. 

4:05 a.m.: A 41-year-old male nonaffili-
ate was ordered off campus for seven days 
after creating a disturbance at Lot 309. 

Tuesday, Feb. 10 
11: 17 I.m.: A student reported the theft 

of a walle.t from Marshall Apartments. Loss: 
$25. 

6: 11 p.m.: A 19-year-old female student 
suffered a cut hand after hitting an object at 
Marshall Apartments. Transported to 
Thornton Hospital by officer. 

7:02 p.m.: A 50-year-old female nonaf-
filiate suffered difficulty breathing at 
Porter's Pub. Transported to Scripps Mmwrial 
Hospital by PQramedics. 

9:22 p.m.: Officers arrested a 50-year-
old male nonaffiliate at Gilman Drive and 
Mandeville Lane for driving under the influ-
ence of alcohol. Transported to Central Jail. 

Wednesday, Feb. 11 
9:04 a.m.: An 18-year-old female student 

suffered loss of consciousness at Marshall 
Apartments. Transported to Thornton Hospital 
by parll7lltdics . 

12:18 p.m.: A 21-year-old female stu-
dent suffered a head injury after falling from 
a ladder at the Craft Center. Subject refosed 
muJical trtatmmt . 

12:30 p.m.: A 58-year-old female nonaf-
filiate suffered a head injury after falling at 
Lot 603. Transported to Thornton by parQ-
medics. 

1:51 p.m.: A 33-year-old female staff 

member suffered a head injury after falling 
at Plaza Cafe. 7hmsported to Paradise Vallty 
Hospital by paramedics. 

S:SS p.m.: A 35-year-old male nonaf-
filiate was ordered off campus for seven 
days after causing a disrurbance at Center 
Hall. 

7:50 p.m.: An 18-year-old female stu-
dent attempted suicide at Pacific Hall. 
Trtmsported to Thorntlm Hospital by para-
medics. 

9:01 p.m.: A 25-year-old male student 
suffered an injured ankle after falling at 
Galbraith Hall . Subjue sought private trtllt-
mtnt. ' 

Thunday, Feb. 12 . 
12:00 p.m.: A 19-year-old female sru-

dent reported a lewd act in public at 
Peterson Hall. 

S:48 p.m.: An IS-year-old female sru-
dent reponed a lewd act in public at Pepper 
Canyon Apartments. ' 

10:25 p.m.: Students reported the theft 
of computer games at Adantis Hall. Loss: 
$188. 

Friday, Feb. 13 
8:04 a.m.: A staff member reported van-

dalism to the pool rooms at the Del Sol 
Apartments. Loss: $500. . 

10:00 a.m.: A 19-year-old female student 
reported a lewd act in public at Price Center 
on Feb. 12 . 

12:54 a.m.: A 19-year-old male student 
reported alcohol poisoning at Discovery 
Hall . Transported to Thornton Hospital by 
paramtdics. 

Sunday, Feb. IS 
10:40 a.m.: Officers arrested a 19-year-

old male student for misuse of a handicap 
placard at Lot 504. Cited and released. 

1:28 p.m.: A student reported the theft 
of two tires and two rims at Lot 208. Loss: 
$1,000. 

2:31 p.m.: Officers arrested a 22-year-
old male non affiliate for being drunk'in pub-
lic at Marshall Field. Rejected from Detox. 
Transported to Central Jail. 

- Compiled by Mamette F ederis 
Associate Nws Editur 

nJES[)AY. FEBRUARY 17,2004 THE UCSD GUARDIAN NEWS 3 

Albright: Former Secretary of 
State discusses Iraq, North Korea 

continued from page I tion) has set an exit strategy based on artifi-
cial deadlines. and while I would not have 
done this war, I also think that now that 
there is this chaotic situation. it is our 
responsibility not to 'cut and run ... • she said. 
"You can't have instant democracies ... the 
president needs to explain to the American 
people that this is a long-term commit-
ment." 

Location of new Price 
Center grocery store debated 

gence is interpreted and read by the admin-
istration in power that dictates what, if any, 
action will be taken by the government. 

"I would say President Gore would have 
seen it differendy, and therefore I'm not 
sure it's fair to call it an intelligence failure, 
because it is the assessment of the intelli-
gence that is the way decisions are made," 
A1bri~ht said. 

Another topic that was touched upon dur-
ing the discussion was that of the North 
Korean nuclear weapons. Albright said that 
United States and NOM Korean relations 
have been tense for years as the United 
States, frustrated with Nonh Koreas refusal 
to disann itself of its nuclear stoclcpile, refus-
es to recognize North Korean leader Kim 
Jung n. 

") think [Kim) wants recognition by the 
United States, and punishing him with the 
hope that he will implode is not an answer 
to dealing with what is the most dangerous 
place in the world at the moment," Albright 
said. "Their nuclear program, as far as we 
know, has been unfrozen." 

Midway through the program, Shirk 
ask.ed Albright whether or not President 
Bush's actions with Iraq were a mistake. 

"I understood the why, but) didn't 
understand the why now," Albright said. "I 
was willing to believe there were still 
weapons of mass destruction because in 
1998, when the inspectors left, not all 
weapons there had been accounted for 
from the Gulf War. By deduction, you 
would think that some of them were there 
... but I did not think [the inspectors) 
thought it was a great and gathering 
threat." 

Albright also said that peace is necessary. 
"I thought this was a war of choice, not 

of necessity;' Albright said. "But I now feel 
equally strongly that peace is a matter of 
necessity and not a choice. We have to con-
tinue 10 try to figure out what to do." 

Albright said she felt the United Nations 
should be brought into Iraq. 

"While I think that (the Bush administra-

Albright closed the discussion by giving 
some words of advice to young women 
aspiring to careers in foreign policy. 

"Ultimately doing foreign policy. I think, 
is one of the most exciting things in the 
world. The more women there are, the bet-
ter it will be for all of us because we will be 
able to suppon each other," Albright said. "I 
hope very much that I was not a historical 
accident and that I showed that it is possi hie 
and important for women to have the abili-
ty to have high-level foreign policy jobs." 

Student reaction to the talks were positive. 
"I really enjoyed it," Eleanor Roosevelt 

College sophomore Sarah Kaplan said. 
"[Albright) provided an interesting perspec-
tive on the current administration and the 
war in Iraq. and most of her views paral-
leled mine. As a political science major. I 
thought her message about women was very 
inspiring." 

On Jan. 23. 1997. Albright became the 
64th secretary of state. making her the high-
est-ranking woman in the history of the 
United States government. Prior to her 
appointment as secretary, she served as 
ambassador to the United Nations under 
the Clinton administration and served for 
the National Security Council under the 
Carrer administration. 

Both Shirk and Davidow previously 
served in the State Department under the 
tenure of Albright. Shirk served as deputy 
assistant secretary of East Asian and Pacific · 
affairs, while Davidow has served as assis-
tant secretary of state for Latin America as 
well as ambassador to Mexico. 

After the conversation, Albright signed 
copies of her recendy pu blished au tobiogra-
phy. "Madam Secretary: A Memoir." 

By CHllmNE PM 
Staff Writer 

The University Centers Advisory Board 
discussed grocery store alternatives on the 
Price Center expansion agenda on Feb. 9. 
Possibilities include adopting an expanded 
Sunshine Store as a grocery retail option or 
having separate grocery store vendors avail-
able. 

According to UCAB Chair Justin 
Williams, the referendum for expansion 
calls for an allocated space of about 3,500 
square feet for a grocery store at the Price 
Center and about 4,500 square feet of book-
store expansion. UCAB has recently been 
notified that with this space, UCSD 
Bookstore's Sunshine Store is interested in 
offering a grocery retail option for srudents. 
No plans have yet been finalized . 

"First of all, we need to make sure the 
srudents get what they want." Williams said. 

Some UCAB members said that while the 
current plan of offering a grocery venue at the 
Price Center, the presence of another grocery 
retailer at Sunshine Store is unnecessary. 

"The bookstore had ideas of making 
[Sunshine Store) more of a grocery store. 
but two potential grocery stores is not a 
good idea for University Centers." Williams 
said. 

Williams noted that a venue with a space 
of 3,500 square feet is not adequately viable 
as a grocery store for srudents. The option 
of allowing Sunshine Sto.re to expand from a 
convenience store to. a grocery retailer with 
more space to work on may be a better 
option, according to Williams. 

UCAB members discussed the possibility 
of having two grocery stores, and some said 
that would create unnecessary competition 
that would not benefit srudents. 

"When you're here on campus at a uni-
versity, [business) enterprises deal with 
razor-thin profit margins. It's really hard to 
operate a service with competition," A.S. 
Commissioner of Enterprise Operations 
and A.S. representative to UCAB Jeremy 

Cogan said. "That's why (we) don't have rwo 
different people selling coffee or rwo differ-
ent pizza places in Price Center." 

One option the Sunshine Store is explor-
ing is a farmer's market idea. 

"Right now we're only in the talking stages 
of it, but the reason why we're looking into 
that is to offer fresh produce for students," 
Sunshine Store manager Bonnie Hannon 
said. "The whole idea is to service the stu-
dents with a larger variety of merchandise." 

Harmon also said that pursuing a farmer's 
market option is complicated because it deals 
with the involvement and consultation of the 
U.S. Depanment of Agriculture. 

UCAB discussed the related issues of 
parking and shutde stops. Cogan said park-
ing availability is important in the business 
of Price Center, particularly for a grocery 
slOre where srudents would have to carry 
bags to and from their «;ars or homes. 

Some srudents agree that a campus gro-
cery store would benefit on-campus resi -
dents who do not have cars. 

"It would be better to have more 
options," Thurgood Marshall College 
junior Catie Carlson said. 

Currently, UCAB is only in the discus-
sion stages of the matter and is considering 
approaching a "request for proposal" for 
UCSD Bookstore and other grocery store 
operators. An RFP shows a framework of a 
retailer's ideal plan of business. 

Williams said that opting for a grocery 
retailer that is operated under the bookstore 
is a better option because he felt Sunshine 
Store already offers adequate retail 
and would setde a competition split berween 
two potential grocery stores. A grocery 
retailer under higher control of University 
Centers would provide a better power posi-
tion of negotiating for srudents. 

"This would be a smart, easy solution to 
solve these problems, to Williams said . 

UCAB will continue to investigate both 
options and has developed a grocery sub-
committee to adopt an ideal plan and pre-
sent it to the expansion architects. 

i~~ UNIVERSITY CENTERS WEEK SEVEN 
, 

TMI ...... ~CO'O~ 

Ioveactually 
c.~1"~~'t::'"' 

TUESDAY 
FIBRUARYI7 

7& IOp_ 

IHUUDAY 
FI_UARYI9 

7& IOp_ 

WED,'EB'. 

LffiN£1f 

LADIES 
9 BALL 
FRI,FEB20 
PC G .. ROOM • 4p_ 

, FOR MORE INFORMATION, CALL 858.822.2068 or VISIT http: //theuniversitycenters.ucsd.edu 



Letter to the ecfdor 
Pro(Con on ethnic graduations 

completely missed the ~ and 
ignored critical arguments IIIlavor of 

the ceremonies. 

TUESDAY 
fEBRUARY 17, 2004 

page 6 
.. 

Elections vs. appointments 
Appointments will make Student body has already 

positions less political demanded right to elections 
Slate politics have done little to put stu- his or her extended influence on their T hey just never listen. ballots printed and distributed across campus. dents first at UCSD when it comes to issues. The A.S. Council doesn't listen to What more does the council want? An educa-assembling an A.S. Council that pro- Putting all speculation aside about how its constituents, even when they vote tional, full-length animated feature in the vein 
tects students ' interests and A.S. elections would be affected overwhelmingly - by a 2-to-l of School House Rock? 
rights in campus affairs. by commIssIoner appoint- margin, in last year's A.S. elections By its logic, any prorests 
Instead of drawing together ments, it is even more crucial to - to reject the councils irrespon- from the student body are iIlegiti-
mlatfny sUPpol rters of a coheftsive . PRO. poiulntd °beut hthat commiss~onerds Sld'ble ibodydea 0'sf ~h' away thfje ~- (0 N thmate. If the.sl~den~ disa~~e with p a orm, sates are too 0 en wo c osen, on meClt an ent ng t to vote or Its e councl s actions, Its nor 
comprised of a few qualified not foolish slate politics. The representatives. because they genuinely under-
individuals who have coalesced councilmembers had the fore- Last year, the ballot featured a stand the issue and think the 
under the same banner for sight to see that selecting a question asking whether the council's doing a bad job, it's 
their own political reasons, qualified student advocate is an ASUCSD commissioner positions because they are "confused." 
only to stuff the remainder of utmost priority to protecting should be changed "from being The students sent a strong 
the slate with inexperienced student rights, showing strength byapprov- elected in the A.S. elections to being appointed message last year - one that the council 
and unqualified individu- ", ing the same proposal that failed among by a committee." By 1,557 votes to 869 votes, should heed - and with good reason. 
als who serve as little I undergraduate voters in last year's A.S. the students' answer was "no." Allowing com-
more than seat fillers to elections. And yet, here we are again. The A.S. missioners to 
round out the slate's A.S. Commissioner of Athletics Council and the six college councils have b e com e 
ticket. Jordan Cross reiterated the need for already robbed us of our right to elect the com- a p poi n ted 

For this rea- reform when supporting the missioner of student advocacy - d r a st i c a II y 
son, many .. " changes to how his post is arguably the most important decreases their 
members of selected. "I am concerned that commissioner - and then they responsiveness 
the A.S. if this tried to conunit the same to the electorate. 
Co u n c i I offense against the The senate rub-
supported ber-stamps most 
recent bills : appointments 
proposing without signifi-
that the selec- cam debate -
tion of commis- last year's 
sioners be deter- appointment of 
mined by the A.S . presi- Ernesto Martinez as 
dent's appointment commissioner of academic 
instead of the warped ver- affairs was a perfect example 
sion of the democratic of a "rubber-stamp" vote. 
process this campus calls Although Martinez did an ade-
ASUCSD elections. __ quate job, the senates unwilling-
Legislation to appoint the ness to challenge his appointment 
commissioner of student in any measurable way does not 
advocacy passed overwhelm- bode well for future appointments. 
ingly on Jan. 21 (only one ..... Imagine a scenario where the 
councilmember voted appointments committee recommends an 
against). And while a vote anti-affirmative action, pro-Proposition 54, 
to allow the appoint- ~ .•. _ Ward Connerly-Ioving student to be commis-
ment of the commis- sioner of diversity affairs. He'd cruise through 
sioner of athletics the senate's rubber-stamping session with no 
failed to meet its problem, but would not stand a snowball's 
two-thirds require- chance in hell of getting elected by the student 
meO[ at the Feb. 6 body. The campaign process weeds out the fak-
counci l meet- ers and the frauds, giving the electorate a 
ing, it still gar- chance to see who is really best for the job. 
nered enough be com e s Candidates submit themselves to the campus 
backing to one of a pop- media: the New Indiclltor, 
win a ularity contest, Cillifornill Review, UCSD 
majori- - "" students will ulti- GUIIrdilm, Student Run 
ty. / mately lose," Cross office of conunissioner Television and Warren College Television all 

The A.S. Council apdy recognized the said. "I think it would be a disgrace of athletics. publish or broadcast election-related material 
need to build a council around qualified to our students, athletes and school They ultimately rejected that as the candidates are campaigning. Candidates 
appointed commissioners, much like the to tie this position in with slate poli- one, but this issue will rear its visit student organizations to campaign for 
executive cabinet of the U.S. government, tics." head again. Some council votes, opening themselves up to questions and 
who are charged with performing jobs for The shenanigans (jnked with slate poli- members have consistent- criticism by dozens of students. 
a/l students more than representing a spe- tics are not always specific to one party, but Iy stood up for the stu- However, none of these organizations are 
cific constituency. The A.S. senators are last year's Students First! squad was a dents' rights to elect allowed into the c1osed-door, unpublicized 
responsible for representing a certain remarkable example. Kevin Shawn Hsu, their leaders, but meetings used during the interview process. As 
undergraduate cross section by being Harish Nandagopal and arguably a few oth- others in the council will forget that the stu- a result, the only people wht) really know the 
assigned to a specific college and class, and ers were obviously qualified to carry the dents have already rejected the idea, ~d they qualifications of the candidates are the select 
vote according to the constituency they tarch for 2003-04, but the slate's organizers will end up switching the other commissioners few councilmembers who comprise the 
represent. Commissioners do not vote on resorted to offering many senate and com- to appointed pawns as well. appointments committee. That is unaccept-
legislation but are allowed to submit bills missioner positions to students that In attempting to explain away the student able. 
before the council - mainly pertaining to appeared incapable of fulfilling thei r - body's wholesale rejection of unelected com- Even though slates some~imes fill a com-
the services their respective offices provide offices' responsibilities. Candidate Vivianne missioners, council members have claimed that missioner position with an unqualified can-
to all undergraduates. Pourazary, for example, was so unqualified last year's referendum failed because the didate in order to get votes from the candi-

ASUCSD voters would be denied the for the post of A.S. commissioner of stu- "wording was bad," according to minutes of date's friends, the potential for corruption is 
privileg~ to direcdy elect a commissioner if dent advocacy that she admitted ignorance Warren College Student Council's Jan. 29 still less than it is with a system of appoint-
they became appointed, but the electorate to UCSD's Principles of Community, and meeting. rn reality, the wording was pretty ed commissioners. The A.S. president can 
would s.ee a welcome shift in how prcsi- asserted that she would not defend a stu- clear: . offer commissioner appointments to multi-
dential campaigns are run . Candidates for dent reprimanded by the administration for "This legislation would change the selec- pie influential supporters, like dangling a 
A.S. president wo~ld have to include in hate speech on Library Walk because it tion of the eight ASUCSD commissioner posi- carrot in front of a donkey. A slate runs only 
their platform that they have set plans for "violated other students' rights" - a claim tions from being elected in the A.S. elections to .one person for each office during an elec-
each specific office. By forcing a presiden- refuted by the U.s. Constitution, which being appointed by a committee ... Do you tion. If the position were appointed, the 
tial candidate to take a more developed protects such speech but does not include approve of the following amendments to the slate could secretly promise the position to 
stance than the usual emptiness on the any right to protection from such material. A.S. Constitution that would changeASUCSD multiple people, getting support from all of 
direction each of his or her cabinet offices Pourazary ran the race uncontested only Commissioners to be appointed positions?" them. 
would take, the A.S. elections will see more to fall to disqualification with the rest of her The councils willingness to assume that the Commissioners are given furnished offices 
contention about issues, hampering the slate. She was, however, replaced by the student body is too stupid to read this simple in Price Center and are paid over $2,000 for 
grip slate politics have recently had on the Gallagher-appointed Jeff Boyd; experienced paragraph is disturbing and represents an elit- their services. The potential for corruption is 
substance of A.S. elections. In addition, the from serving both in the Office of Student ist attitude that has no place in ~ college-level too high. Although the A.S. Council has 
frightfully long list of positio'1s appearing Advocacy and on the Student Regulations student government. already dropped the ax on the commissioner 
on the ballot will be reduced, and students Review Committee. He has served with the Furthermore, last year's ballot question of student advocacy, the college councils can 
who may care about one or two issues will integrity and aggressiveness demanded of received substantial media coverage, including still stop A.S. Council in its tracles by refusing 
be more likely to vote for a competent three articles in this paper explaining its rami- to ratify any future constitutional amendments 
presidential candidate if they arc aware of See PRO, Page 5 fications, as well as the thousands of sample that try to take power away &om the students. 

BY EVAN MCLAUGHLIN 
SENIOR STAFF WRITER 

BY DANIEL WATTS 
OPINION EDITOR 

TIJESDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 2004 THE UCSO OUARDIAN 

Prosperity becomes too much of a good thing 
Returned 
Yank 

Chris Taylor 

I stared on in disbelief as the woman yelled at both my 
manager and me about the 

length of time it took to produce 
her coffee. The point might be 
valid, considering the cost of a 
cafe latte these days, except that 
there were 30 people in the enor-
mous line in front of her. 
Obviously it was going to take a 
while. That did not console her. 
She was bent on making a scene 
over how she was wronged 
because she decided to come to 
the coffee shop and wait in a long 
line for an overpriced luxury. 

For all our country's achieve-
ment, there is a very disturbing 
undercurrent of whining. One 
might dare say it is an epidemic 
that Americans love to whine 
about the tritest of offenses. The 
prime example is the coffee shop. 
Coffee is undeniably a luxury. No 
one needs coffec, but to hear some 
people complain , one would think 
they were fighting tooth and nail 
for a life-or-death cause of nation-
al security. 

I t is fitting, unfortunately. Any 
country living with as much pros-
peri ty as this one will be prone to 
such behavior. As pundit George 
F. Will so accurately phrased it, 
our country's biggest health prob-
lem is obesity, caused by an over-
abundance of cheap, fattening ' 
food . What other civilization has 
had to complain about its people's 
waistline? No country has ever 
been able to overfeed everyone 
consistently, but we have turned 

this abundance into a health haz-
ard. 

Not to be limited to excess 
food, the ' United States is 
extremely competent at improv-
ing many aspects of the Mquality of 
life" for its people. Americans 
have the most innovations, the 
most advances and are arguably 
the most comfortable people in 
the world. The number of leaps 
forward in technology, medicine 
and even in the amount of free-
dom we possess should in theory 
make U .S. residents the happiest 
people in history. The United 
States should be just a stone's 
throwaway from utopia. 

However, are people any hap-
pier? Or better 

" 

hearts. They are only half right. It 
is absolutely true that materialism 
will not buy happiness. However, 
the other reason that Americans 
are no happier than other coun-
tries' people is that people simply 
cannot be happy for any sustained 
amount of time, regardless of lux-
ury. 

As might be intuitive, those 
with too many advantages are 
spoiled, unable to understand real 
problems, such as close proximity 
to war, famine or other disasters 
that cause major shifts in the 
direction of society. Therefore, 
try as they might, many 
Americans cannot comprehend 
the disasters occurring in the 

world today and 
put, is society any 
better of a place? 
The answer is 
very arguably 
"no." 

Many philoso-
phers, politicians, 
activists and poli-
cy-makers have 
attempted to 

... We have turned 
tlUs abundance into 
a health hazard. " 

thus settle for 
complaining 
about shallow 
issues such as cof-
fee. 

One might 
argue that at least 
we have freedom. 
And it is true, above 

move society toward utopia, or at 
least toward an incremental bet-
tering of society. The United 
States may be the best example of 
progress, regardless of how one 
might view irs policies. 

Unfortunately, III terms of 
utopia , the United States is a mis-
erable failure. 

However, this is not a rant -
so typical of university students-
on how U.S. policies are evil. It is 
more arguable that the problem 
does not lie with the policies but 
rather in the definition of happi-
ness and, subsequently, people's 
reaction to that excess "happi-
ness." 

Marxists and other socialists 
argue that it is our love of materi-
alism that bores a hole in our 

all other things. 
Interestingly enough, though, too 
much freedom can have the same 
effect as too much materialism. 
When people don't realize how 
free they are to say and do as they 
please, they can even take freedom 
for granted. As folk songwriter 
Ellis Paul sang, "Freedom can 
numb you." When people have 
too much freedom, society will 
produce situations like the stu-
dents shredding Tht KiJaI4, stomp-
ing on free speech, because they 
have no idea what it is like to have 
their own free speech squelched. 

At UCSD, we have it so good, 
in fact, that many students des-
perately cling to radical activism 
and causes because they are the 
c1O's-est thing they have to actual 
involvement in issues of sub-

If you're ready to apply your knowledge and skills in the 
post-graduation Job market. then tOIS your hat in with 
State Fund. 

(a,., opportunities 1M, be .allable In: 
• Marketing 

State Fund, the leading workers' compensation Insurance 
carrier In California. Is Interested in graduates seeking 
opportunity lind stability. We offer a wide range of 
positions throughout California, plus lin environment 
that will fosler your continued growth. 

At State Fund you'll find eJlCeptlonal benefits, 
professional training to eXpind your horizons, and 
INIIY advancement possibilities. 

Learn how you can join us by Visiting www.sdf.com or 
by contacting Human Resources at 41 5-565-1722. 
Then launch your cweer with State Fund and rise to 
new hei9hts. 

• Communications 
• Underwriting 
• Claims 
• loss Control 
• Buslnes5 Servlce5 
• CU5tomer Service 
·L.I. 
• Infomiatlon Technology 
• Finance and Accounting 
• Human Resources 
• Administration 

eTATii 
--
.... v ••••• 

FUND 
Col ..... Worry In&." 

stance . 
This is the story of all univer-

sities: intelligent but impression-
able students who realize how 
comparatively trite their prob-
lems are and leap in the direction 
of any meaning. At least they are 
trying. 

Unfortunately, since student 
life at UCSD is amazing com-
pared to other universities and 
life in other countries in general, 
students resort to exaggerating 
every problem and protest in 
order to sound more important. 
In this sense, they desensitize 
people to their cause, because 
they will always be "yelling about 
something. to Then, the non-
activists, fed up with the guilt 
trips, will return to their decided-
ly unimportant problems and the 
university is back at square one. 

In the end, it is our country's 
greatest virtues that fuel our 
greatest flaws: insularity, lack of 
depth and grand capacity to 
whine. Unfortunately, the solu-
tion, taking away these freedoms 
and luxuries, is unacceptable. In 
other words, the goal and theme 
of the United States are extreme-
ly admirable and under no cir-
cumstances should they be com-
promised. The solution is to 
accept these problems as a 
byproduct of freedom and com-
fort. 

It should be understood that 
any abundance of wealth, happi -
ness or "easy living" does not cre-
ate a perfect society, but instead, 
creates whiners. This is the unfor-
tunate end to anyone looking for 
utopia. Not only is it impossible, 
it is possibly the worst thing a 
society could want. Misanthropy, 
anyone? 

This returned yank can be 
reached at chris_m_corlt@yllhoo.cllTIf. 

OPINION 5 

Pro: Slate's 
disqualification 

had a silver 
lining 

continued from page 4 
ness demanded of his position, 
sticking to his guns about changes 
to the Student Conduct Code and 
fighting tooth and nail to see his 
position become an appointed 
one. 

Many councilmembers have 
recognized the success of this year's 
appointees. Jordan Rosenfeld, the 
Eleanor Roosevelt College senior 
senator, spoke out in a Feb. 9 news 
article: "This year, most of the 
commissioners were appointed," 
Rosenfeld said. "If you speak to 
people who are familiar with the 
history of [the) A.S. [Council) , they 
will tell you that this year's com-
missioners have been the strongest 
and most effective that [the) A.S. 
[Council) has ever had." 

The 2003 A.S. elections and 
the subsequent disqualification of 
the Studen ts Fi rst! slate ga ve 
undergraduates two opportunities 
to examine the credibility of thei r 
governing body. The first, wit-
nessed immediately, was that the 
elections committee showed a 
backbone by adhering to the eJec-
tion bylaws and enforcing their 
decisions, regardless of allegiances 
to the slate that appointed them. 
Second, the removal of disquali-
fied candidates allowed the presi -
dent to select the best-qualified 
individuals, not the ones running 
on the most visible slate. 
Associated Students will be 
employing superior leaders, ser-
vices and policy proposals if the 
council continues to pass legisla-
tion supporting the appointment 
of commissioners. 



6 OPINION 

~\CROBREW SPECIAl 
Rogue $ 99 Portland 

Gold. Nectar 6.PACK 
Firestone plus tox & CRY 

q)' OVER 300 BEERS, specializing in micro-breweries t ' · Impo~ted c.igareHe$, cloves, a.nd American Spirit$ 
i', • Premium cigars and acce$$ones 

TRY OUR SANDWICH DIUI <S;~ 
~.. .' .'. CHICK OUT ••• ~" : ::..\::.::'" Our vast selection of gi~ wrap,s, 9reeli~ cards, gourmet 

. . pastrie$, chocolates, specialty wines and Ilquersl 

•• I. J.1Io Dr. 

UCSD CENTER FOR THE HUMANITIES 
... Continuing the Dialogue ... 

The UCSD Center for the HlIJlWIities preaents: INJ1JTI10N AND 
UNDERSTANDING: Creativity, Research, ... the Alta.t UCSD. 

In a series of presentations from February I 1 - March 17. 2004, UCSD Arts 
faculty will explore and demonsuau: the convergence of intuitioa and raearcb in 
creating art, developing new art forms, and seeking an understanding of creal,ive 

processes and perceptual responses to art. The second presentation will be by: 

Steven Schick 
UCSD Professor of Music 

"Uneasy Dreams: A Percussionist 
and His Changing Body" 

Percussion music is often played on a junkyard of large and sometimes bizarre 
objects. From car parts to bass drums; steel drums to tin c~s. percussionists arc 
forced to negotiate large and awkward instruments both musically and physically. 
Because phys ical movement is so central to playing percussion instruments. the 
percussionist's art is often as much sculpture: and choreography as it is music. In fact 
in so many ways the percussionist's body- the genesis of all movement- is his or 
her real instrument Yet. at least among musicians trained in the European IraditiOlU 
of classical music. it has been largely ignored. That is until now. The rcconaideration 
of the role of die body in playing percussion will start with my own increasingly 

middl~-aged body as a means to look at physical expressions of music as weU as the 
advantages and liabilities dlat come with aging as an artist. 

Feb. 18, 2004, 7:30pm 
Institute of the Americas, Copley Auditorium. 

FREE AND oPEN TO TIlE PUBUC. For additional information please call 8S8·S34-0999 
or visit OUf web site at http://ba.ctr.uacLc4111 

M A N O A 

have your fun, 
and credits too 

In 
Hawai'·' 

Summer 1: M.y 24·July 2 • Summer 2: July ' ·Augult 13 

SUMMER SESSIONS 
www.summer.hawall.edu • toll-free 1 (800) 862-6628 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 17,2004 

R I LEnER TO THE EDITORS 
Ceremonies are more 
than mere 'expression' 
Editor: 

How does the UCSD Gwlrdian 
publish a pro/con opinion article 
with both sides arguing the same 
opinion - and then follow up the 
article with a letter to the editor 
perpetuating the same opinion 
again? 

The Guardian's "Separate grad-
uations, equal students" (Feb. 9, 
2004) attempt to cover a fair 
debate on ethnic graduations 
insults progress toward a racially 
conscious campus and, even 
worse, does so in a divisive man-
ner. Rather than offering multiple 
arguments on issues of race, the 
Feb. 9 paper offered two narrow 
opinion pieces framed under the 
same conservative rhetoric where 
both pro and con assume that 
"ethnic graduations" lead to "seg-
regation!" 

I'm concerned with the mis-
guided effort of writer Logan 
Goh, representative of the pro side 
of ethnic graduations. Ultimately, 
he is not in support of the basic 
idea of cultural organizations' 
graduation ceremonies. Rather, 
his support is a reductionist argu-
ment for free speech misleading 
the entire social value of cultural 
organizations: 

"Ethnic graduations should be 
allowed to go on because they are 
undesirable. When policies that 
truly address the problem have 
been implemented and succeeded, 
and when true cultural integration 
is seen and felt in UCSD, then 
nobody will want to attend an eth-
nic graduation." 

Why is someone who obvious-
ly knows little of these graduation 
cererru:mies and is actually against 
them ideologically writing the pro 

section? Goh does not support 
ethnic graduations, and has the 
audacity to suggest allowing what 
he believes as "undesirable" to 
continue as to fix itself through 
error. 

On behalf of those who do sup-
port and intend to participate in 
cultural organizations' graduation 
ceremonies, I am against how 
Goh renders this as cultural "tol-
eration" or mere "expression." 
Student cultural organizations 
voluntarily fund and work toward 
these ceremonies through diverse 
efforts ilI'Id with very little or even 
no A.S. funding. They do not 
replace the main graduation cere-
mony. They are intimate gather-
ings with close family, friends and 
peers that complement the main 
graduation in order to celebrate 
and promote the achievements of 
individuals whose groups' 
achievements are not recognized 

in larger, hectic and rushed grad-
uation ceremonies. 

This should be a concern since 
minority applications to the 
University of. California have sig-
nificantly dropped and K-12 out-
reach funding has been eliminated 
in addition to cuts in education 
across the board. The last cere-
monies I attended celebrated the 
accomplishment of first-generation 
graduates of groups whose lower 
graduation rates signify the larger 
barriers marginalized idenrities 
face in higher education - eco-
nomic constraints, subtle and bla-
tant racism and discrimination and 
the lack of identifiable environ-
ments of shared identities, lan-
guages and experiences. 

These ceremonies complement 
the graduation process by estab-
lishing not only shared histories 
and cultural sensibilities, but 
because these groups also share a 
future in which marginalized eth-
nic groups grow into the profes-
sional world together. 

Students of color promote anti-
racist, pan-ethnic coalitions with 
resources such as the Cross-
Cultural Center a.s an integrated 
space to gather diverse and shared 
interests that would otherwise be 
threatened. 

I sincerely hope the editors real-
ize this unfair mistake. Student cuI-
rural organizations and their sup-
porters who attend and work for 
these ceremonies deserve a fair 
argument. Fair speech includes 
those who stand for a particular idea 
to represent these ideas themselves, 
not a series of articles in which one 
poses as support for ethnic gradua-
tions when it actually outrageously 
condescends them instead. 

- Mark Marcelo 
Thurgood Marsha/J College SmioT 

Kaibigtm Pi/ipillo ",mrhtr 

Intern in London 
with the Academic 
Internship Program 

II you are Interested in doing an Internship in London 
this summer, come to our Info session to pick up details 
on the program and application materials. This could be 

the opportunity you've been waiting for! 

Information Session: 
When: Wednesday, February 18th 

What TIme: noon-1:00 
Where: The Horizon Room 

(in Career Services) 
A Light Lunch will be available 

We hope to see you there! 

Academic Internship Program 
Literature Building Room 3255 

(858)534 -4355 
M, Tu, Th, 'F 8-12 & 1-4; W 8-1 

TIJESDAY, FEBRUARY 17,2004 THE UCSD GUARDIAN NEW 7 

Suspect: Man apprehended at RIMAC IR/PS: Congressional 
commission comes to UCSD continued from page I 

charges are pending, according to 
Sgt. Robert Jones. Pot ice officers 
said the man will be arrested if he 
rerurns to campus within the seven 
days. 

Investigation is still underway 
and the police encourage students 
who have been approached by the 
man to report the incident by call-
ing (858) 534-HELP. 

Several of the victims were 
asked to identify the suspect from 
a photo lineup. According to Det. 
Nathaniel Floyd, all the victims 
were able to identify the man 
apprehended at RIMAC from five 
other photos that looked similar 
to the real photo. 

The police deparonent first 
received reportS on Feb. 9 and 
Feb. 10 of a person approaching 
female students under the pretext 
that he was studying "foot reflex-
ology." The inci~ents occurred at 
three places including Revelle 
Plaza, Galbraith Hall and Lot 705 . 

Several incidents, some going 
no further than a normal foot 
massage, were reported to the 
police following the release of the 
composite. 

Revelle College freshman 
Karen Rossmassler, who was 

" It's disturbing that 
something like this 

happened on campus. " 

approached by the man but 
declined the foot massage, said she 
plans to report the incident. 

"He told me that he was doing 
some study on foot reflexology 
and he asked my height, weight 
and shoe size, and asked if he 

could take a look at the soles of my 
feet, " Rossmassler said. "... It 
seemed pretty legitimate - it's 
not really unusual that someone 
comes up to you to ask questions, 
bur it seemed a little strange in the 
back of my mind. I noticed that he 
didn't have any papers with him, 
and you'd think that you would 
need to write something down if 
you were really doing a study, but 
he was polite about it." 

She said the man just looked 
like he was lost at first, and that 
afterward she felt it was a "little 
creepy." 

"It's disrurbing that something 
like this happened on campus, just 
because we think that our campus 
is generally safe," Rossmassler said. 

Jenkins said that this case was 
the most unique in his years of 
experience as a police officer, the 
closest being an incident involving 
the theft of womens' shoes. 

- AdditiolUl/ rtpo''tmg by Game 
Faure, NnJls Editor 

continued from page I 
with an introduction on "China as 
an Emerging High-Tech Giant" 
by Peter Cowhey, dean of IRIPS. 

"There is certainly no relation-
ship that is more important to the 
future of the Pacific than the rela-
tionship between the United States 
and China," Cowhey said. "Indeed, 
in the long-haul of the 21 st century 
there may be no single bilateral 
relationship in the world that is 
more important." 

Commissioner Robert F. 
Ellsworth echoed 
Cowhey's senti-
ments on China's 
international 

" 

Panel two, foc using on China's 
trade a nd investment wi th its 
neighbors, featured the views of 
three professors, all members of the 
IRIPS facul ty. Panels three and 
fOllr turned to Chi na's technologi-
ca l capabilities, particula rly in the 
fi elds of biotechnology and 
telecommunications. 

"China's large, increasi n gly 
affluent and health-conscious po p-
ul ation presents a huge market 
opportunity for biotechnology-ori-
ented companies in develo ped 

countries," said 
Greg Lucier, 
president and 
chief executive 

importance. The rise of China, in 
my view, is the , 
economic and 

officer of 
Inv i tr ogen 
Corpora tion. 

T h e 

MeAT: SDSU rates higher than UCSD 

"The rise of 
China, in my view, 
is the economic 
and geopolitical 
event of our age. It 
is bringing two 
centuries of glo bal 
domination by 
Europe and, sub-
sequently, America 
to an end," 

geopoUtical event of 
our age. It is bringing 
two centuries of global 
domination by Europe 

C ommiss i o n 's 
activi ty closed 
on day two with 
a panel titled 
"China's role in 
Asia." The fifth 
and fi nal panel 
fea tured expert 
insight into 
China's relation-
sh ips with other 
prominent ian 
powers, particu-
larl y J apan, 
North Ko rea , 
South Korea and 
Taiwan. 

continued from page I 
and forth a lot be tween the 
Sca ntron and the hooklet." 

The small desks at Peterson 
Hall contributed to only 60 per-
cent satisfaction with the UCSD 
site's desk space. 

"The ideal test conditions for a 
test site would be a comfortable 
desk with adequate space in a 
quiet room at a comfortable tem-
perature," said Justin Serrano, 
executive director of Kaplan Test 
Preparation. "The validity of 
standardized testing rests on stan-
dard test conditions. This is why 
students need to educate them-
selves about their choices of loca-
tion.;' 

For Thurgood Marshall 
College senior Kendra Lesar, who 
was placed in one of the smaller 
rooms, desk space was not the 
worst problem. 

"My biggest complaint was 
that someone's phone rang in the 
middle," she said. "The proctors 
were pretty nice, but they 
weren't incredibly strict, which is 
probably why somebody's phone 
rang." 

Proctors were rated 3.8 out of 

five from 2.9 in 2002, when there 
were many complaints about disor-
ganized proctors. 

"The proctors this year were 
fa ir and nice," sa id Thurgood 
Marshall College senior Amir 
Nejad. "They were a little bit 
behind schedule, but not anything 
(too detrimen~I)." 

Nejad, who took the MCAT 
twice - once at San Diego State 
University in April 2003 and once 
at UCSD in August 2003 - said 
he preferred his experience at 
UCSD. 

"Everybody wanted to go to 
SDSU because they had heard it 
was better .. . but it ended up 
being tiny tables with. construc-
tion going on outside," he said. 
"At UCSD, the chairs were hard 
and the desks were also small, but 
at least it was quiet." 

Nejad added that although 
UCSD desks were a bit smaller, 
they were spaced out, so students 
felt like they had more room. 

UCSD was rated 3.1 out of five 
for quiet and comfort and 3.4 for 
overall experience. 

"Overall, good planning is key 
to improve conditions of testing 

Adriana Erni 
GRI, CRS 

~ Prudential 9178 HILBERT ST. 
Cal<lorD a RilBlr,( SAN DIEGO, CA 92131 

---,., 

Fit to Run the Extra Mile 
for My Clients 

Representing Buyers and Sellers in the 
purchasing or selling of their new home. 

• Free Buyer's Home Pre-Qualification 
• Specializing in fint-time buyen 
• Mention this ad and get $800 Escrow Credit 
• Get access to all available properties for sale in San Diego 

www.asernLcom 

Why read the 
GuAAn.AN:? 

... Plan your weekend ... Read about UCSD 

... Buy some furniture ... Sell your guitar 

... Calendar of events ... Check movie listings 

, .. Find a job ... Wrap some fish 

sites," Serrano said. "Also, hold 
the test in a comfortable location 
and make sure that there won 't be 
major distractions .. . around the 
test site." 

Serrano stressed the impor-
tance of students choosing high-
quality testing sites as essential in 
the process of applying to medical 
school. 

"A 90th-plus percentile score 
can make up for an average GPA, 
but not enough for a lower GPA 
than a school normally accepts," 
Serrano said. "There is almost 
always enough time to prepare 
for the test, whereas when you 
are ready to take the exam, there 
is not much more to do for you 
GPA." 

Kaplan also rated LSAT sites 
in its Test Site Rater. While 
UCSD is not an LSAT test site, 
the LSATs were offered in 
O ctober 2003 at other San Diego 
area locations, including San 
Diego State University and 
California Western School of 
Law. Out of 307, San Diego State 
University ranked 214, while 
California Western School of Law 
ranked higher at 178. 

Ellsworth sa id . 
~World - tr a n s­
forming change 
has begun." 

Foll o win g 
i ntroductor y 
remarks by com-
mission members 
and Cowhey, the 
12-member com-
mission began its 

and, subsequently, 
America to an end." 

- Robert F. Ellworth, 
commissioner, 

U.S.-China Economic and 
Security Review Commission 

Susan Shirk, a 

series of five intensive discussion 
panels. 

Panel one, focusing on the 
Chinese economy, sought to exam-
ine current trends and future chal-
lenges posed by the most populous 
country in the world. 

"Litre any economic relation-
ship mediated through the market, 
the [U.S.-China) relationship has 
elements of competition and rival -
ry as well as cooperation," IRJPS 
economics professor Barry 
Naughton said. "However, it is a 
mistake to view the relationship 
solely or primarily in terms of 
rivalry .. . Rapid Chinese techno-
logical development has come in 
the framework of international 
production networks that are pre-
dominately coordinated by U.S. 
companies." 

professor of 
political science at IRlPS, spoke 
about China's growing interest in 
multilateral cooperation. 

"While the evidence of China 's 
growing interest in multil ate ral 
cooperation with its neighbors is 
clear, interpreting it is more diffi -
cult," Shirk said. "What motivates 
the Chinese embrace of Asia-
Pacific regional mulrilateralism ? Is 
it a credible signal of China's peace-
ful intentions or a Bismarckian 
strategy to grow stronger without 
provoking others to com bi ne 
against it'" 

The commission's tri p to 
UCSD was its second field investi-
gation outside Washington, D .C. 
The first was on Jan. 30 to 
Columbia, S.c. , where the impact 
of trade with China on the U .S. 
manufacturing base was examined. 

CALLU 
FOR,LUNCH 
~~ 

Two Large, Two Topping Two Large, Two Topping, Breadsticks 
and a 2-Liter Coke 

'$ -12.99 
Limited Delivery Neo • DeliVf1fY ChBfQ9S May Apply 

Not valid ..... any _ oBer. CuIlOme, pays lit applicable II.' tax. 
Valid only at s.n Diego County Papa John'. Pizza Storel. 

Expire. 3/9/04 

One Large, One Topping 

$&.99 
I 
I 
I 
I 

LimIted ~ Neo . ~ ChalQ8llMy Apply I 
Not valid with lilY oIhe, oller. Cu_ paysllllll!llilCellle ..... tax . I ValId only at !lion DIego County P_ John'. PIa. SIorft. I 1 ______ ~plr~~9!!4 ______ L 

$17.99 
Limired Del;""ry Area · Delivery Charges May Apply 

Not v .. 1d with any other elfe'. Custome, pays aN applicable sa18. ta • . 
Vllid only at s.n DIego County Papa Jolin'. Pizza Stor • •. 

~XDue. 3/9/04 
_IIIIJIIIIIIII 

Breadsticks $2.99 
Cheesestlcks $3.99 
Chickenstrips $3.99 

Limited DeiI .... ty Area · Delivery ChafllBs May Apply 
Not vilid with any oIhe, elf.,. Custome, paya .11 applicable Nit . tax. 

'IIII1d only .t s.n Diego County Pap. Jalln', Pizza Stor • • . 
Expire. 319/04 



8 CAMPUS CALENDAR 

lUES. FEB. 17 
R ELIGIOUS 

Black History Month Movie Night, 
7pm @ Roetter hall at the Newman 
Catholic Community Center. Come 
watch Spike lee's Four little Girls and 
enjoy singing freedom songs and free 
food with the community! The film is a 
moving documentary of the bombing of 
the church in Birmingham, Alabama 
during the Civil Rights Movement 

WED. FEB. 18 
CAREER 

On-Camera Pradice Interviews for 
Internships, IOam-12pm @ Career 
Services Center. learn key interviewing 
skills and practice answering interview 
questions on camera. Improve your 
delivery and get feedback from a career 
advisor and your peers (2-hour work-
shop). limited space. Sign up in 
advance. 534-3750 

On-Camera Practice Interviews for 
Craduate Students, 2-4pm @ Career 
Services Center. Practice interview ques-
tions on video. Receive feedback to 
improve your delivery. Small group set-
ting. Sign up in advance. 534-3750 

Writing Your Personal Statement for 
Health Professional School, 2pm@ 
Career Services Center. Corr.e to this 
session if you're getting ready to apply 
to health professional school. learn 
about the purpose of the statement, the 
content to include and how to organize 
il. learn the "do's" and "don'ts". Get 
started writing it! 

C L U B S 
SDFX Meeting. 8pm @Studio 140, 
Media Center. Interested in special 
effects? Are you a production junkie? 
Do you want to practice real filmmaking 
and media skills? Be a part of our team 
as we produce our first short. 
www.sdfx.org; ucsdfx@hotmail.com 

Film Screening: "Candombe" 
(Uruguay), 7pm @ Copley Auditorium, 
lOA Complex. A sumptuously filmed 
documentary about Candombe, the 
music created by African slaves brought 

. to Uruguay. 

WSCS Presents: Poker Tournament. 

How to get published in the 

CAMPUS 
CALENDAR 

Guardian Campus calendar 
submissions may be tumed in at the 

Guardian office, upstairs in the 
Student Center, or faxed to 

(858)5J4-7691. 

If email ed, please send to 
ad.Oucsdguardlan.org and 
specify that it is a calendar 

submission. late email submissions 
will not be published. 

DHdline is lpm Thursday. 

THE UCSD UUARDlAN 

for the week of 
Feb.17 to Feb.]] 

7pm @ Student Activities Center. $5 
entrance fee. 

Hapa Club General Body Meeting. 
Bpm @ Cross Cultural Center. The Hapa 
Club is UCSD's Mixed Race Club. See 
you there! 

LECTURES 

"Darker Than Blue: Race, Nation, 
Islam. and the Cultural Poiitics of 
Afro-Asian Diaspora", 12:30-2pm @ 
Media Center/Communication Building. 
The Herbert I. Schiller Room 201 . 
Speaker: Sohail Daulatzai, Ph.D., 
Department of Comparative literature, 
UCLA. 

"Uneasy Dreams: A Percussionist and 
His Changing Body". 7:30pm @ Institute 
of the Americas. Copley Auditorium. 
Speaker: Steven Schi~k. UCSD Professor 
of Music. The reconsideration of the role 
of the body in playing percussion. 
Sponsored by the UCSD Center for the 
Humanities. Free and open to the public. 

THURS. FEB. 19 
CAREER 

Finding a Job in a Tough Economy, 
II am-12pm @ Career Services Center. 
Since the downturn in the economy. it's 
been harder for some people to find 
jobs. Attend this workshop to learn 
which job search strategies work best in 
a tough job market. how to use "net-
working" to fast-track your job search. 
and how to convert previous experience 
into a full-time position. 534-3750 

Management Training: Grot Options 
for Starting Your Career, 3pm @ Career 
Services Center. Find out what it takes 
to get into a good traiiling program. '" 
learn how management training 'pro-
grams can jump-start your career in .. 
business. Discover what iiidustries are 
apt to have training programs, wtrar· 
they look like 'and wNt yOu walliarn. 
534-3750 

CLUBS 

Unprecedented: The 2000 PresIdential 
Election, 5:30pm @ Room 1103 Muir 
Biology Building. PREP will be present-
ing this documentary film, which reveals 
how the Republican Party in Florida 
used dirty tricks and illegal activities to 
disenfranchise voters. Hope to see you 
there! 

NSU Presents 'Day of Remembrance", 
10:30-3pm @ Price Center. Recognizing 
he internment of Japanese/Japanese-
Americans during WWII. Featuring 
exhibits and guest speakers: JAC1:s ' 
George Wakiji an d UCSD's Professor 
Peter Irons. 

Transfer Student Coffee Hour, 5pm @ 
the Cross-Cultural Center. Nevv to cam-
pus? New to San Diego? Join the Cross-
Cultural Center and folks who may 
share your experiences for part II of our 
Transfer Student Event Series. Connect 
with other transfer students and check 
out what opportunities are available to 
you. Co-sponsored by the All Campus 

Transfer Student Association and SSSP. 

LECTURES 

"What Keeps You Up at Nightr 3pm 
@ Cross Cultural Center. Professor Gail 
Heyman will lead a discussion on how 
graduate students. can balance home 
life and personal commitments with 
graduate studies. Free refreshments will 
be served! Email oshpp@ucsd.edu for 
more information. Co-sponsored by the 
OffIce of Sexual Harassment Prevention 
& Policy. Office of Graduate Studies and 
Research, and the Graduate Student 
Association. 

"Dietrick Bonhoeffer on Truth and 
Politics", 8pm @ Solis Hall, Room 107. 
Speaker: Dr. Stanley Martin Hauerwas, 
Gilbert T. Rowe Professor of Theological 
Ethics, Divinity School of Duke 
University. Free lecture open to the pub-
lic. Sponsored by Eugene M. Burke 
lecturship. 

FRt FEBa 20 
ART S 

Che cate Benefit Show, Bpm @ the 
Che Cafe. The ladies rock FRSD (Free 
Radio San Diego) benefrt show. 
Induding The Displaced, The Glossiness, 
The liquorice Quartet, and The 
Pinwheels. S5 donation at the door. 

LECTURES 

"Queer and Disabled: Veterans, 
Prosthetics. and Citizenship in 
Postwar Culture", 10:30-12pm @ 
Media Center/Communication Building. 
The Herbert I. Schiller Room 201 . 
Speaker: David Serlin, Assistant 
Professor of History, Bard College. 
Sponsored by the Department of 
Communication Job Talk Series. 

"Issues of war and Peace Ind. 
Truthfulness", I cam @ International 
House Great Hall at ERC. Speaker: 
Stanley M. Hauerwas. Gilbert T. Rowe 
Professor of Theological Ethics at Duke 
University. Co-sponsored by Burke 
lectUreship in Religion and Society, ERC, 
Program for the Stucly of Religion 
Colloquium, and the Student Office of 
Human Relations. . 

-. 

SAT. FEB. 21 
ART S 

Hip Hop Dlnce Audition, 5-7:30pm @ 
Mission Valley YMCA. 5505 Friars Rd. 
Urban FX is a professional San Diego 
based hip-hop dance company that 
prides itself on its fresh choreography. 
Make sure to wear ankle-supporting 
non-marking shoes. Contact 
619.254.7B54 for more information. 

SUN. FEB. 22 
ARTS 

Cajun F. Do Do, 7:30pm @ 
Mandeville Auditorium. Taking its name 

TUESDAY. FEBRUARY 17.2004 

FEATURED THIS WEEK ... 

Cajun Fals Do Do with 
BeauSoleil avec Mlcha.1 Doucet 

and 1he Savoy-Doucet Band 
Mandeville Center Auditorium, 7:30pm 

( 

Talcing- its name 
from the com.mu-
nal dances J!eld in 

~l dance halls in 
the South, this 
evening of music 
features the unar-
guable kings of the 
Cajun sound, the 
Grammy Award-
winning, 
BeauSoleil avec 
Michael Doucet 
and Cajun music 
of The Savoy-
Doucet Cajun 
Band. The two 
groups will serve 

up a blend of traditional Cajun plus the modern sounds of zydeco, 
Tex Mex, New Orleans Jazz, country, blues, and more. 
GA w.oo. FIaIIly,stafI S21It. UCSD SIll ...... SIUI. 
CII .. 'SWHI. . 

from the communal dances held in rural 
dance halls in the South, this evening of 
music features the unarguable kings of 
the Cajun sound. the Grammy Award-
winning. BeauSoleil avec Michael Doucet 
and Cajun music of The Savoy-Doucet 
Cajun Band. The two groups will serve 
up a blend of traditional Cajun plus the 
modem sounds of zydeco, Tex Mel, Nevv 
Orleans Jan, country, blues, and more. 

WEEKLY 
C LUBS 

Interested in special effects? Are you a 
production junkie? Do you want to prac-
tice real filmmaking and media skills? 
Be a part of our team as we produce 
our first short .. SDFX, Bpm @Studio 140, 
Media Center. www.sdfx.org; 
ucsdfx@hotmail.com 

Join us at Muir Movie Productions as 
we continue work on our 2003-2004 
film! UCSD's only all-campus film organi-
zation. Meetings Mondays @ 9pm in 
Half Dome lounge (Muir) 
Winter Film Series, Wednesdays @ 7pm 
in Copley Auditorium, lOA Complex. 
Presented by the Center for Iberian and 
Latin American Studies. For a full sched-
ule of films, go to 
http://cilas.ucsd.edu/curren\,lWinterFilm 
_2004.htm 

Internationll AfI.irs Group (lAG) 
Meetings, Mondays from 6-7pm @ the 
Great Hall in ERe. Students, faculty, and 
community members are invited to 
attend. 

HEALTH 

Depressives, Bipollrs, Fllllilies. 
Friends: Attend Free DBSA Support 
Group. Mondays, 6-8pm @ VA Hospital 
Room 2011. (Veteran Status 
Unnecessary) Infoline 858.535.4793 or 
888.274.3637 

Student Health is a full service clinic 
open to all registered students, regard-
less of your health insurance status! 
Appointments for physician visits and 
specialty dinics - call 534.80B9. Ursent 
Care for acutely ill; others can have 
same day appointments. We're open 
weekdays Bam-4:3Opm (Weds. 9-
4:30pm). VISit us online: 
www.ucsd.edu/shs 

SUN. FEB. llnd 

Peer Education Programs are provided 
by Student Health Advocates on 
Nutrition, HIV, F'rtness, Stress, Sexual 
Health, & other topics - at your res hall 
or student org meetings! 534.2419 

Women's Clinic @ Student HHIth: 
Emersency Contraception, annual exams, 
STD tests, pregnancy tests. birth control 
prescriptions, and health education. 
534.8089 for appt. Completely confiden-
tial. Nevv service: ECPs can now be pur-
chased directly at the SHS pharmacy. 

Anonymous HIV testing @ Student 
Health, Heath Ed Dept, 2nd Floor. SIO 
charge includ~ pre- and post-counseling 
with a peer educator. 534.205B 

Nutrition Counseling is available at 
Student Health Service. One-on-one 
counseling with a Registered Dietition 
and diet analysis. 534.8089 

Weight Management Clink. Thursdays 
@ 3pm in Student Kealth Conference 
Room, 2nd floor. No ~ppt needed. Free! 

Cholesterol Screenlnc @ Student 
Health. Sign up onhne at http://stu-
denthealth.ucsd.edu , listed unde~ 
"Health Education". $15. Call 534.2419 
for questions. 

RECREATION 

WhIle Watching. 9:45am-12:45pm or 
1 :30-4:3Opm @ Scripps Institute of 
Oceanography. A guided cruise to search 
for gray whales as they migrate past San 
Diego shores on their way to breeding 
and birthing grounds in Baja California, 
Mexico. Admission: general, $25; mem-

be~, $21; youth (4-12 with paid adult), 
S 15. For more information or to register, 
call 619.234.4111. 

RELIGIOUS 

All You can Eat 1IIunday NiIht Dinner, 
Thursdays @ 6pm in the International 
Center. Homemade food and great com-
panyl Just S3. Sponsored by the Catholic 
Community at UCSD. 
http://orpheus.ucsd.edu/csa/ 

CotamporMY WOrship ServIce, 
Sundays, 7pm @ University lutheran 
Church. Walk right across the street from 
UCSDI Comer of N. Torrey Pines and La 
Jolla Shores Or. 

Packing 
tips 

By DIE LEE ..... VALERIE Me 
Staff Writers 

When planning your spring 
break advenrures, packing your 
bags may be the last thing on 
your mind. These tips will help 
keep luggage from becoming a 
vacation nighunare. 

1. First, consider whether 
you'll be rnoving around or stick-
ing to one location. Your bag 
should be easily carried, so try to 
stick only to things that are 
important enough to cart around. 

2. Divide everything you 
want to pack into two piles on 
your bedroom tloor - the stuff 
you "need" and the stuff you 
"want." Pack the essentials first 
(underwear is a must) and the 
stuff you think you can't live 
without (magazines? Jenga?) . .. 

3. Aim for versatility in your 
choice of clothing. Think about 
what activities you'll be doing, 
and then pick clothes that are 
most tlexible for all events. 

4. Invest in a set _of plastic 
mini-containerslbottles and use 
these for shampoo, conditioner 

.and any lotions. Or, you can 
always buy everything you need 
in mini size. Deodorant, tooth-
paste, mouthwash and other toi-
letries can be found in the 
miniatures aisle at Target at a 
bargain price. 

S. Put all items that could ' 
possibly spill into Ziploc bags, 
including shampoo, conditioner 
and hair gel. All of these could 
possibly explode in your luggage 
en route and ruin everything! A 
Ziploc bag could save you some 
unnecessary stain removal later. 

6. If traveling with a friend, 
try to share items such as shav-
ing gel or sunscreen. 

7. Pack shoes separately. 
Instead of pairing them togeth-
er, pla!;e a single shoe in each of 
the crevices that you can't fill 
with clothing. Sruff your shoes . 
and purses with socks and 
underwear. 

8. Try rolling the shirts that 
you can't fit so they'll squeeze 
into the sides of your suitcase. 

9. Make sure to pack the stuff 
you will \I5e first on the top of 
your luggage. It will save you 
having to re-pack the entire 
suitcase every day. 

10. If you only need certain 
sectiol)S out of a travel guide, 
photocopy the pages or j\l5t tear 
them out. You may also want to 
consider keeping a photocopy of 
your passpon or flight itinerary 
in your luggage or giving a copy 
to your travel companion in the 
event of it getting lost. 

II. Shower thongs are essen-
tial if you will be staying at a 
hostel or sketchy hotel. 

12. Those who" will be travel-
ing to foreign countries that 
require puaports should invest 
in a money belt, lceeping your 
passport and perhaps even cred-
it cards IIIId some cash safely 
hidden under your clothes. This 
is especially important in areas 
where pickpocketing is an issue. 

Travel Guide 
Guides to Hawaii, Lake 
Tahoe, Rosarito Beach, 

San Francisco and 
camping destinations. 

TUESDAY 
FEBRUARY 17, 2004 

Lori Drahota/Guotdian 
Alohl: The rolling green hills of Hawaii's picturesque landscapes are a 
beautiful backdrop for a relaxing spring break. 
By DINA MARIE CADAiNG macadamia nuts, Hawaiian 

Contributing Writer apparel and shell leis. 

T his spring break you can 
soak up sorne Hawaiian sun 
without going broke. Unlike 
many urban cities, Honolulu on 
the island of Oahu offers a wide 
variety of natural attractions 
that are free and open to the 
public. 

Hawaii is best !mown for its 
beaches, and there are seveml 
you won't want to leave. Waikiki 
Beach is nestled in downtown 
Honolulu and is a prime spot for 
beginning surfers. Cheap surf-
board rentals, scuba gear and 
kayaks are available right on tile 
sand. Across the street are 
numerous souvenir shops, such 
as ABC Stores and Hilo Hattie's, 
which offer great deals on 

The North Shore of the 
island houses Waimea Bay. Here 
you will find a beautiful inlet that 
is great for sunbathing and inter-
mediate surfing. For snorkelers 
and swimmers, Hanauma Bay is a 
must. The waves are Aat, and 
natural barriers keep the sea life 
within arms' reach. Bring a dis -
posable underwater camera to 
take pictures in the shallow water 
that attracts all kinds of colorful 
fish. 

The U.S.S. Arizona Memorial 
is a beautiful place to relive 
Hawaii 's history. A relaxing boat 
ride will take you to the final 
resting place of the Pearl Harbor 
ship, and a museum encases 
unique artifacts and photogmphs 
from World War II. 

Budget: 
Transponation: Airfare -

Approxirnately $200-500, 
depending on how early 
you book with Hawaiian 
Airlines or find a deal on 
cheapjlights.com. Around the 
island, a $2 bus ticket will 

. take you anywhere. 
Lodging: Cheapest botels in 

the heart of Waikiki start at 
$80 a night. 

Fun: Most tourist attractions 
are free or accept $) to $3 
donations. Souvenirs run $1 
to $20 (rnacadamia nuts and 
kukui nut leis are especially 
cheap at ABC Stores). 

For free lei-making, ukulele 
and Hawaiian quilting cia ses, 
head over to the Royal Hawaiian 
Shopping Center in Waikiki, 
which offers nightly torch light-
mg. 

For an authentic Hawaiian 
dinner experience, check out 
Germaine's Luau or the Paradise 
Cove Luau. These luaus offer 
group' rates, including dinner, 
mai is, hula shows and fire 
dancing. 

And for those who need a 
break from Top Ramen and cere-
al, there are tons of cheap eats in 
Hawaii. Zippy's is on almost 
every street corner and has 
everything from chili to roast 
beef for very affordable prices. 
They have an extensive bakery 

See HAWAII, Page 11 

Vegas, baby, Vegas 
By NEHA SINGH 

Associate Features Editor 

Where can you find yourself 
walking behind crazy Canadians 
and in front of old, drunk home-
less men screaming profanities? 
Where can you see Paris, New 
York, Egypt, Venice and Ancient 
Rome all in one day? Where can 
you win or lose a fortune with 
one roll of the dice or nip of the 
cards? Welcorne to Las Vegas, 
the other city that never sleeps, 
where almost anything can hap-
pen. If you are looking to shake 
things up and to vacation in a 
place that offers anything your 
heart desires, Las Vegas is your 
destination. 

A eheap and very entertaining 
activity involves walking through 
all the magnificent theme hotels 
on the Strip. T he south Strip has 
been the beneficiary of the lion's 
share of Las Vegas.' most recent 
boom, with the opening of such 
blockbusters as New York, New 
York; Mandalay Bay; tile 
Bellagio; and the Venetian. Be 
sure to wear comfortable walking 
shoes and have some spare cash 
on you in case the urge to gam-
ble or shop strikes. 

In the center portion of the 
Strip you'll find the Flamingo 
Las Vegas, the first truly luxuri-
ous Las Vegas hotel, opened in 
1946, as well as Caesar's Palace, 

Travis BaH/Cuotdian 
New York, New York: If you can't afford a trip to the original, check out the 
not-so miniature New York City in Las Vegas on the strip. 
which was the most opulent 
place in town for 25 years. T hey 
boast some of Las Vegas' most 
entertaining shows, which are 
often sold out, so be sure to get 
tickets early. Make a stop at the 
Bell agio fountains, located out-
side the en trance to the hotel. 
Shooting up to 250 feet in the 
air, the water is synchronized to 
songs by greats like Pavarotti and 
Frank Sinatra. 

If you are in the mood for 
shopping, take advantage of the 
indoor malls that are part of var-
ious hotels. The Venetian has a 
particularly beautiful one with 
shops ranging from Banana 

See VEGAS, Page 10 

Tr.aIponadoa: Airfare ,..... 
About $80 to $140 
roundaip. If you prefer to 
drive, Las Veps is about 
live boon from SIll DieJo. 

Rooms can be 
for under $70 a 

but maIie lUre that 
11 dole to the-

.==". wm be m-

page 10 

Guide to 
travel 
tunes 

More travel online at 
www.IM*lgIMrdl.n.org 

. Rosarito, Mexico 
. Hawaii photos 

9 



10 FEATURES 

Lake Tahoe 
By IHUI WU 

Contributing Writer 

Looking for some fun over spring break? 

picnic or enjoy the 
breathtaking lake 
against the majestic 
Sierra ' Nevadas, 
other beaches such 
as Baldwin Beach 
and Emerald Bay 
Beach offer barbe-

lliE UCSD GUARDIAN 

Well look no further! Whether you want snow 
sports, water sports, hiking, gambling or even 
bird-watching, Lake Tahoe is the place for 
you. Not only the highest lake of its size in the 
United States, Lake Tahoe is the lOth-deepest 
lake in the world, and is nesded deep in the 
Sierra Nevada Mountains. 

The ultimate vacation spot, Lake Tahoe is 
home to some of the best ski and snowboard 
terrain in the west. With over 14 ski resorts to 
choose from, prices range from S24 at Soda 
Springs to $62 at Heavenly, where half of the 
resort is in Nevada and the other is in 
California . Another well-known resort is 
Squaw Valley, home of the 1960 Winter 
Olympics and ranked as the number-one 
resort in California by Skiing Magazine this 
year, with day passes priced at $59. If intense 
snow sports aren't for you, snowmobiling and 
sledding are also options, with free sled parks, 
so be sure to bring your own sleds or rent 
them at the slopes. 

cue facilities, playgrounds and boat ramps. 
Other popular pastimes at Lake Tahoe 

include hot air ballooning, biking, horseback 
riding, fishing and even skydiving. Camping, 
hiking and JUSt enjoying the natural beauty 
of the lake are also popular, with trails such 
as the Tahoe Rim Trail, finished in 2001, that 
will take you around the entire lake on foot. 
For golfers, top-notch golf courses in the 
area include Edgewood Tahoe Golf Course 
and the Montreux Golf and Country Club in 
Reno, Nev. 

packages to choose from. The Three Peaks 
resort and beach club offers stay and ski pack-
ages with Homewood and Squaw Valley 
resorts. For more affordable stays, the Super S 
Motel in South Lake Tahoe offers rooms for 
just S45 a night. Also, just a half-hour drive 
away from the North Shore of Lake Tahoe is 
Reno, Nev. with even more hotels and a crazy 
nightlife of shows, midways, casinos and 
ular all-you-can-eat buffets. 

Most beaches are free, although some, such 
as the popular Kings Beach on the South Shore, 
require $5 for parking. Perfect places to have a 

If camping out in the wilderness isn't for 
you, there are an assoronent of hotels avail-
able. From small, old fashioned inns to large, 
glittering casino hotels, there are many to 
choose from. Cabins are also available for rent 
from various agencies and some directly from 
owners. While prices during the holiday sea-
son and during peak vacation times can be 
steep, one can always find great discounts and 

New York 
and Off-Broadway 
shows for 25 or 50 
percent off the origi-
nal price. Show up in 
the early evening -
lines are shorter and 
addi tional tickets 
often go on sale just 
prior to curtain time. 

Prefer to forego the "Girls Gone 
Wild" -style , endless party of a spring break 
ttip for a lot more culture, class and cooler cli-
mates? While ew York City may seem too 
ritzy a destination for the average college stu-
dents budget, the city that never sleeps can be 
a memorable trip for as little as you would 
blow getting to Cancun. 

One of New York's main benefits is its 
incredible variety on all fronts. From restau-
rants to recreation, there will be something to 
fit everyone's idea of a good time. This can be 
a great destination for a group of friends 
whose tastes may not always mesh. While you 
are checking out the Metropolitan Museum of 
Art, he can see a game at Madison Square 
Garden. 

Many Broadway theaters also sell tickets for 
standing room, located direcdy behind the 
orchestra seating. Of course, the catch is tha t 
tickets are only available on the day of the per-
formance, and the show must be completely 
sold out. TIckets usually cost betweeq.SIS and 
$25, so if there is a hot show you are dying to 
see, check with the specific bOlt offices for 
details. 

If Vera Wang and Armani are calling your 
name from Fifth Avenue, but you know you 
will be struck dead in your new Jimmy Chaos 
when the credit card bill arrives, try the dis-
counted designer oudets. They offer last years 
fashions (as if you had last year's Prada line 
anyway) at prices that will at least feel some-
what justified, since they are up to SO percent 
off. Try Find Oudet (http://fintkutlet.com) or 
LoftWorks (http://kifrworkslafqytttt.com). 

suggested student admission price ofS7 - the 
key word being suggested. For $10 you can 
catch a ferry to the Statue of Liberty and Ellis 
Island. But since the steps up the statue itself 
are indefinitely closed, you may just want to 
spring for the SI1 ticket to the top of the 
Empire State Building observation deck, 
where you can get great views of the statue 
and the rest of the city. It stays open until mid-
night, so check out the city by day or night, 
unless you have a problem with several very 
long elevator rides to the 86th floor. 

To make the sightseeing rounds without 
spending a dime, try one of many free walking 
tours that trek everywhere from Central Park 
to 34th Street, with guides spouting interest-
ing trivia and history. Seeing a concert at 
Carnegie Hall or a Broadway musical is not as 
expensive as you may imagine. Student tickets 
for performances at Carnegie Hall, priced at 
SIO, are sold two hours before the concert for 
a half-hour period. The famous red-and-white 
TKTS booths sell tickets to select Broadway 

Play your student card as often as possible 
to get discounts, especially at educational 
attractions like museums. The Museum of 
Modern Art has "pay-what-you-can" Fridays, 
and the Metropolitan Museum of Art has a 

To be sure to get these deals, you need to do 
some research before you go. Some attractions 
are only discounted on celtlin days and you 
don't want to take two subways and walk aU the 
way up the hill to find out that the Guggenheim 
is closed on Thursdays. For a wealth of infor-
mation about deals in New York, including 
restaurants, transportation, sightseeing and 
shopping, check out New York Metropolitan 
Magazine's "Cheap Guide NYC" at 
http://W7JlW.nnuyorlmmro.com!urbllnigui/ksinyon-
thtchellp. 

Tunes: The best of music to 
drive; fly or cruise along to 

continued from page 9 
7. Liz Phair - Divorce Song 
Liz Phair's EXile in Guyvillt has 

been called one of the ultimate road 
albums, possibly due to its overall 
sttength. On this song, Phair details ' 
an uncomfortable trip with a ji lted 
lover ("!t's true that I stole your 
lighter, and it's also true that] lost 
the map, but when yo u said I wasn't 
worth talking to, I had to take your 
word on that"). 

S. The Beach Boys - Sloop 
JohnB 

Another ultimate road trip album, 
Pet SOll7uis by the Beach Boys offered 
this excellent sing-along about sailing 
to counter the album's sadder 
moments, aldl0ugh the repetition of, 
"I wanna go home" is pretty sad 
when you think about it. 

9. Led Zeppelin - Going to 
California 

Led Zeppelin's fourth album 
(which includes "Stairway to 
Heaven") works wonders on the 
road, even on the softer numbers like 
this one, where a trip to our sunny 
state never sounded so haunting. 

10. My Bloody Valentine -
Sometimes 

Not about traveling, per se, but 
the song fi ts appropriately in a key 
scene of "Lost In Translation," 

where ScarlettJohansson looks at the 
dizzying lights of Tokyo from a mov-
ing car. My Bloody Valentine's sooth-
ing, trance-inducing noise is perfect 
for losing yourself in a new place, just 
like lovely Scarlett. 

11. BeOe and Sebastian - I 
Love My Car 

A jaunty little ode to all things 
seemingly trivial (including a Beach 
Boys obsession), the song is basically 
a placeholder for the indie-pop won-
der-band, which has a song to fit 
every mood of your travels. For more 
of a pick-me-up, try instead the '60s-
pop homage "Legal Man." 

12. The Cars - Drive 
Funnily enough, the music of the 

Cars is always perfect for being in the 
car, whether it's the exuberant pop of 
'Just What I Needed" or a heartfelt 
ballad like this one. Another Cars 
song or "Cars" by Gary Numan can 
work just as well. 

13. Nico - These Days 
Much like My Bloody 

Valentine's number, Nico's song is a 
great way to lose yourself in a set of 
headphones. Her dreary, detached 
voice croons, "I've been out walk-
ing," and you feel the weight of the 
thousand steps. Perfect for reading 
in the park or crashing in the hotel 
room. 

Vegas: Visitors can 
gamble the night away 

continued from page 9 
Republic to Kenneth Cole. 
Be sure to carry a watch with 
you, though, since time 
seems to stand still under-
neath the 70-foot ceiling 
covered by a constant blue 
sky, complete with moving 
wisps of clouds. 

These hotels also house 
some of the most magnifi-
cent casinos. If over 21, be 
sure to visit them - maybe 
you'll get lucky. However, 
some of the more opulent 
hotels have much higher 
stakes tables. So if you aren't 
in the mood to place $100 on 
a hand of blackjack at the 
Bellagio, head to lower-end 
casinos like Excalibur or 
Luxor for less risk to your 
savings account. As a perk, 
casinos offer free drinks to 
people gambling or those 
who at least look like they 
are. So sit at a slot machine 
and ask the cocktail waitress-
es in the tiny outfits for 
whatever you like. 

At night, it is almost 
impossible not to take advan-
tage of Las Vegas' famous 
nightlife . Not 21? Don't 

worry, there are tons of 
options, including Beaches, 
an IS-and-over club on the 
strip that has been featured on 
such reality television shows 
as E!'s "Wild on the Strip," 
"Blind Date" and "Taxicab 
Confessions." The two-story 
club has five bars on the first 
level and three on the second, 
so if you are of age, you're 
never more than a few steps 
away from another exotic 
drink. It is also a friendly club 
- if you have one too many, 
the staff will drive you home 
at no charge. 

The nearly infinite num-
ber of things you can do in 
Las Vegas will make you for-
get the word "bored." It is 
one of the most unique places 
in the world and is a great 
spot to vacation in. However, 
do some research beforehand 
to g set the best deals on 
transportation, lodging and 
shows, Visit http;lfunvw.l4svt-
glls.com to get more informa-
tion to plan your trip. 

TUESDAY, FEBRVARY 17, 2004 

San 
Francisco 

By CLARE LEWIS 
Contributing Writer 

Perhaps you think that San 
Francisco is too cold, not so laid back, 
that its inhabitants are not so good 
looking, and that it's miles and miles 
away. Stop whining - this famous city 
is definitely worth a spring break visit. 
It is one of those places that you' can 
visit for a shon amount of time and 
where, unlike San Diego, everything is 
easily accessible and mostly within 
walking distance. The roads aTe long, 
steep and, in the case of Lombard 
Street, the windiest street in the world, 
quite challenging to climb. But for 
those not wishing to attempt the. hills, 
the San Francisco bus system is a 
cheap and easy way to travel. 

The distinctiveness of San 
Francisco lies in its specialized areas, 
which are all in close proximity to each 
other. From Chinatown to Japantown, 
North Beach to Haight-Ashbury, San 
Francisco is certainly as diverse as it is 
satisfying. These areas are also famous 
for their cheap and excellent eateries. 
Whether you eat scrumptious won-
tons in Chinatown or succulent pasta 
in North Beach, the Italian district, be 
sure to sample the delicacies and 
browse the souvenirs of these very 
authentic little pockets. 

San Francisco wouldn't be the same 
without the bay. Along Fisherman's 
Wharf, restaurants compete for cus-
tomers by offering an array of seafood 
delights, while the market leaks aro-
mas of crab, lobster and other seafood 
specialties. Along the marina, yachts 
and larger boats line the quay waiting 
for a trip on a sunny and windy day, in 
front of a backdrop of the spectacular 
Golden Gate Bridge, San Francisco's 
landmark. 

For the more adventurous, bike 
rentals offer daily rates allowing for 
explorations along the marina and 
across the Golden Gate Bridge. One 
can also rent some skates near Golden 
Gate Park and explore the beautiful 
surrounding areas. Or traverse the 
hiking trails in Marin County, just 
north of the Golden Gate Bridge, 
which lead to different breathtaking 
views of the city. 

If you are not exactly the outdoors 
type, consider shopping as a fun alter-
native. For the more sophisticated 
shopper, downtown Union Square and 
its outskins offer designer brands, with 
some good sales too. Not too far away 
lies the city of Berkeley, famous for its 
diverse shopping and dining opportu-
nities. Market-style; shops sell anything 
from used CDs to punky clothes. For 
nighdife, there are a-Iot of great clubs 
around, especially concentrated down-
town. Local listings available in most 
coffee shops are a great resource for 
cheap clubs and special ' guest perfor-
mances. Show admissions are usually 
similar to those in dO~ntown San 
Diego, unless you go to the more 
underground events. Don't forget your 
address for the cab ride home. 

nJESoAY, FEBRUARY 17,2004 

Convenient camping 
By IOSH SHUPACK 

Staff Writer 

Spring break is the perfect 
opportunity to get out in nature. 
Fortunately, Southern California 
offers a wide range of choices when 
it comes to enjoying the outdoors. 
Highlighted below are three top 
camping destinations ranging from 
beach to mountains to desen, all 
within a two-hour drive. 
Desert: 

The Anza-Borrego Desen State 
Park is only a two-hour drive to the 
northeast of San Diego. It offers vis-
itors the opportunity to experience 
the splendor of unspoiled desen 
scenery, including the numerous 
wildflowers that reach their peak in 
March. The park contains two 
developed campgrounds, Borrego 
Palm Canyon and Tamarisk Grove. 
Cost: SIO to $16 per night. 
Mountains: 

The Laguna Mountain 
Recreational Area is an hour's drive 
east of San Diego. Located among 
oak and pine trees with elevations 
over 6,000 feet, this area provides 
stunning views of the surrounding 
wilderness. There are twO camp-
si tes open this time of year: the 
larger, more developed Laguna site 
and the smaller Cibbets Flat, locat-
ed in a sheltered valley. Cost: S 10 

to $14 per night. 
Beach: 

The Silver Strand State Beach is 
only a half-hour drive down the 
coast on Coronado. It sports beach-
es on both the Pacific Ocean and 
San Diego Bay. It's a perfect spot for 
soaking up rays, swimming and 
surfing by day, and warming up to 
bonfires by night. Camping is avail-
able year-round. Cost S7 to $13 per 
night. 

If you would rather explore 
nature on an organized trip, 
Outback Adventures is offering two 
trips this spring break, one to 
Death Valley and the other a tour 
of National Parks in the Southwest. 
For more information about these 
trips, camping and other outdoor 
activities, contact Outback 
Adventures at http://71Tww-ru/outbl. 

'Hawaii: Fun in the 50th state 
continued from page 9 

where you can pick up affordable 
pastrit;S and doughnuts to ellt for 
breakfast. Their Zip Min (Hawaii 's 
version of Pho) is a must. L&L's is 
also a favorite local eatery that you 
can find almost anywhere on the 
island. It serves the best plate 
lunches, and these combos come in 
small and large sizes depending on 

how much cash you have. Try the 
Loco' Moco (hamburger, steak, egg 
and gravy over rice), which is a 
favorite among locals. For a good 
dinner place, go to Sam Choy's 
Breakfast, Lunch and Crab. It has a 
casual dining atmosphere that 
serves local Hawaiian specialties 
for moderate prices with a fabulous 
dessert menu. 

choose from our diverse 
and healthy menu 
including sandwiches, pastries, 

soup, coffee, bagels, and tea 

check your email 
while you eat 

& 
save money with our 
specials, punch cards, and coupons 

all at the 

glQo)!~ucs~gl(g 
(monday - thursday) 

7:30am - 7:00pm 
(friday] 

7:30am - 5:00pm 
[saturday] 

9:00am - 2:00pm 

the caffe 
(858]534_5272 

daily specials 
(858]822_2050 

THE UCSD GUAROIAN 

You aralnllted to IRend a 
SllclaladVlnce screening I 

.......... .... : 
U.I: 

Tuesday, February 24, 2004 
7:00 pm 

••• U •• : Mandeville Auditorium 
Students may pick up complimentary passes at the UCSO Box Office 
beginning Friday, February 20, 2004. 

---... s..i1Mj IS ~ on • first -<-. lint __ bIsI, wIIh piSl hoIdtn Idmillfd n~L 1 ,,"tel is 11(1\ ~ lor ~~ SoftoI,. ... 1or \l0Ident~ (ny .• 1Id "off only. No 't<",dlng ~~ oIkMtd! 

FEATURES II 

IICIID_," 
E ........ . t .. _ .. .. _~ 

Watch for a NEW look soon at www.ucsdguardlan.org 

1-- ---------- ---
1 grove cafre 858-534-5272 

Bring in this coupon before 
111m and get a FtfR Medium 

1 Coffee when you buy any Pastry 
Of lIIgeI. 

1 0 
1 ___________ ~.!J~ 



, , 

- I 

I Z CLASSIFlEDS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 

SURF COSTA RICA FREEl 
Set up 3 Surf triPI-Get 1 Free 

www.Carlol"errariSurfRe.on.eoDl 
Cold Beer. Great W.va. Goocl T"unea 

A. teen on ·Wlld On"1V Show 
c.lI Nowl USA (408) 422-9933 

Fraternities-Sororities 
Clubs-Student Groups 
Earn $1.000-$2.000 this semester 
with a proven CampusFundraiser 3 
hour fund raising event. Our Ire. 
prolraJIIS make fundraisl", easy with 
no risks. Fundraising dates are filling 
quickly. so get with the program! It 
works. 

Contact CampusFundraiser at 
(888)923-3238. or visit 

www.campusfundraiser.com. 

The Scientific and Technical 
Encydopedia of Spiritual Evolution 
-The Evolution of the Species- Free 
access/download, www.great-
path.org. (8/11) 

Interested in SPECIAL EFFECTS? 
Are you a production junkie? Do 
you want to practice real filmmak-
ing and media skills? Check out 
SDFX. Meetings Wednesday, 8pm, 
Studio 140 in the Media Center. 
(2/18) 

Join us at Muir Movie Productions 
as we continue work on our 2003-
2004 film! UCSO's only all-campus 
film organization. Meetings 
Mondays at 9pm in Half Dome 
Lounge (Muir) (2/26) 

r-----------
BRENDAAnAMS 
at SALON BEAUI GENS 

50% 
OFF* 

• HI . 
J JaJrcut, reg. $40 

* Up do or Makeup, reg. $45 
I *Color or Foil HiLites, rq. $65. 
I ".,,-.-. c..,.. rtM "'" up 
I ...... .". 
I 7770 Regents Rd. 
I 151.229.4157 L __________ _ 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

The UCSD Guardian reserves the right to dassi/v. edit delete offensille words and pharses, 
and/or refuse any and all advertisements·without prior notification. The Advertiser win not 
hold the Guardian liable lor any claims resulting from the publication of the advenisement 
The publisher will also not be held accoun1able lor any claim lrom an agreement made 
between the advertiser and the consumer, 
Copy should be reviewed by the advertiser lor errors. In order to be corrected in the next 
regular issue. all errors must be reported by the corresponding dead'ne, Credit will only be 
given for the incorrect portion 01 the a<Jo..ertisement There are no refunds for cancellations, 

Classified UNE 
AD R.tes 

Students: " ,.. 2t .... 
Faculty & Staff: II ,.. 21 .... 

All others: S7 ,.. 2t .... 
Advance payment is required 

CllsslfIed DISPLAY 
AD Rates 

110.00 per column inch 
Deadlines: 

....... Htld .11 correspondence ......... CIusIfIIcI. to: Pli>icalion Date Display Ads 
UCSD Guar ...... Attn: ClllSifleds, .500 Gilman Drift.OJ 16, lAIlal", CA '101). ~ NDoII T1Iun.. 
Actuallocatlan: Stuelillt Cltltar A. __ 117. 111......,. NDoII Moll. 

a..HIed U_ Ads ..... In both the G ... nI"n 'liNT and ONUNE ......... 

$300 Group Fundraiser 
Scheduling Bonus 

4 hours of your group's time PLUS 
oour free (yes. fre) fundraising 
solutions EQUALS $1,000·$2,000 
in earn ings for your group. Can 
TODAY for a $300 bonus When you 
schedule your non-sales fundraiser. 

Contact CampusFundraiser at 
(888)923-3238, or visit 

www.campusfundraiser.com. 

EMPLOYMENT 

Dental Office in La Jolla has an 
opening for a part-time front and 
back office assistant Will train a 
highly motivated quick learner. $10 
per hour. Fax resume to 
858.459.8139. (2/23) 

BikeTaxi Drivers Make own 
Schedule, Downtown, Enjoyable, 
Part-time/Full-time. Training M-T· 
W, 12 Noon. 
www.BikeCAB.com 
Street 92101 (4/1) 

619.595.0211 
641 17th 

Make Money taking Online 
Surveys. Earn S 1 0-125 for Surveys. 
Earn $25-250 for Focus Groups. 
Vis i . t 
www.cash4students.com/ucsd 
(6/3) 

17 People Needed to Lose Weight 
We Pay You to Lose. 100% Natural. 
Call . David and Michelle. 
916.705.0175 (3/4) 

Amateur Models - Exotic figure 
modeling. Same day pay $$$ No 
expo necessary. Maria 

619.366.0166 (2/17) 

Bartender Trainees Needed. $250 a 
day potential. Local positions. 
1.800.293.3985 ext 208 (3/11) 

CAMP WAYNE FOR GIRLS -
Children's sleep-away camp. 
Northeast Pennsylvania (6/18-
8/15/04) If you love children and 
want a caring, fun environment we 

A+ SUBS 
Preschool Substitutes, 
aides, & teachers. All 

areas, full time, flexible 
part time hours 

'700.$1010 hourly 
Call Jacki 

858-565-2144 
need female staff as Directors and BARTENDERS NEEDED! Make 
Instructors for: Tennis, Golf, 
Gymnastics, Swimming, 
Waterskiing. Sailing. Team Sports, 
Cheerleading, Ropes, 
Camping/Nature, Drama, Video, 
Ceramics, Batik, Silkscreen, Guitar, 
Jewelry, Piano, Photography, 
Aerobics, Martial Arts. Other posi-
tions: Group Leaders, 
Administrative/Driver, Nurses 
(RN's). On Campus Interviews 
February 21st: Apply on-line at 
www.campwaynegirls.com or call 
1.800.279.3019. (2/19) 

Day Camps seek Summer Staff. 
Residing in the San Fernando / 
Conejo Valleys. Earn $2800-
$3500+. 888.784.CAMP or 
www.workatcamp.com (6/3) 

PART TIME WORK Great resume 
experience. Earn SlDO-S500/week 
starting pay, no experience neces-
sary. Must be money motivated. 
Call 888-295-7165. (2/19) . 

Get Paid For Your Opinions! Eam 
$15-$125 and more per survey! 
www.paidonlinesurveys.com. 
(6/3) 

SI50-2S0/day. No experience nec-
essary. Call 'now at 800.704.9n5 
(3/1) 

TEACH ENGUSH around the world 
with Global TESOL College. See the 
world and get paid for it! Call for 
seminar. 1.888.837.6587 (2/26) 

AMAZING! Full-time/Part-time! 
Discover the ultimate home based 
business! 24hr Recorded Message: 
1.801.705.8800 (2/26) 

Personal Assistant needed, part-
time, by a mobility challenged 
artist-business man. Duties in part: 
house work & picking up & moving 
things and office work, ego Filing 
using MS WORD & XP-required. 
helping with correspondence Must 
have open liberal mind. 
Ahcaplan@nethere.com or 
858.457.2225 (2/17) 

. SUMMER CAMPS Swimming, 
horses. sports, arts and crafts, 
beaches, ropes courses' and much 
more. www.daycampjobs.com 
(2/17) 

WANTED: Student to assist 

. TUESDAY. FEBRUARY 17. ZOO1 

National Honor Society in register· 
ing and acting as local representa-
tive. 3.0 GPA required; 
Sophomores preferred. Reply to 
d i recto r@phisigmatheta.org. 
(2/17) 

ROOMMATES 

Room for Rent; $500 month to 
month, S200 deposit, utilities 
induded. Own room .. Share bath-
room. 10 minutes to UCSD. 
858.279.3630 (2/17) 

Room in a four bedroom town-
house for rent Across street from 
Regents Lot. $600 + utilities. 
Contact 949.294.2822. (2/19) 

Carmel Valley Room for Rent. 
S650.00/Mo. Clean, quiet, no 
smk/drug. no pets, males pre-
ferred, ? utilities, call 858.792.4004 
(2/19) 

Share 3 bdrm home in Clairmont-
Mesa. $600 mo. Student preferred. 
WID on site. Avail now" 
858.650.0719 (April) or charmaine 
@ 619.667.9716. (2/19) 

Room for rent in nice house with 
big backyard in Mira Mesa. Female 
only. Call 213.324.2715 for more 
info. (2/19) 

Male sublet for Sp'04 quarter to 
July. S575/mo. Single w/ own 
bathroom. Near UCSD Cityshuttle 
next to Doyle Park. 818.590.8819 
(2/23) 

FOR RENT 

3br+den, 2-1/2 bathrooms, 2 car 
garage, washer/dryer, pool, jacuui. 
tennis. Near UCSD/Shopping. 
Available now. 858.55B.0406 
(evenings) (2/17) . 

Furnished one bedroom town-
home across UTe mall with 
attached garage available immedi-
ately. Monthly rent $1450. Ask Sue 
B05.526.2336 for more -details. 
(2/17)' 

Looking for a new 
way to'finance 
college tuition? 

NEED EXTRA CASH? 
Make up to $480 per month 

Are you healthy, between the ages of 20 and 35, 
physically fit and 5'9" or taller? 

Education Investment.-
w. pay, you study. 

Thousands of Dollars are still available 
for the 03-04 year 

APPLY NOWI 
www.aboutREEF.org 

All EthnJc Groups Needed 
C.ALL TODAY 

619-265-2407 
Sperm Donors Needed 

TUESDAY. FEBRUARY 17,2001 

3 Bedroom Condo near UCSD, 
UTe. Available September, 
Washer/Dryer, Pool. SI8S0/Month. 
Call 858.792.6453 (2/26) 

FOR SALE 

Used 9'4" Long Board: S270. Used 
6'4" Shortboard: S250. Custom 
boards available. Call Ed: 
858.336.0368. (2/17) 

Refrigerator. Side-by-side doors. 
32.5 x 28 x 66. Fridge and freezer 
both in good working condition. 
$IS0. 858.560.0690. (2/19) 

1997 Volkswagen Jetta GL About 
80,000 miles, dean title , very 
good condition, inside and out 
Champagne gold exterior, beige 
cloth interior, automatic transmis-
sion, six-CD changer, Monsoon 
OEM upgraded sound, premium 
alloy wheels, moon roof. ASKING 
S6,OOO OR BEST OFFER Contact 
Walter Paley. 858-336-0683 
Paley@ucsd.edu (2/19) 

Britney Spears tickets. 3 tickets 
side-by-side, non-obstructed view. 
Great seats, row 6, seat 1,2,3. 
These were for my sister but she 
cannot'go. Peteucsd@hotmail.com 
(2/17) 

WANTED 

Seeking people interested in dis-
cussing sports wagering trends, 
line moves, stats, and strategies. 
Group trips to Vegas and more. 

Contact sportguy858@aol.com 
(2/19) 

. 

RESEARCH STUDY 
Heavy drinkers not seeking 

treatment earn compensation for 
completing a 4-visit laboratory 
study of situations associated 

with drinking. This program does 
Involve medications. 
Call Susan Quello for 
more Informtion at 

818-784-7887 
D.,ertInMt of H_ph_HOlol) 

THE SCRIPPs RESEARCH INSTITUTE 

EGG DONORS 
NEEDED 

Ages 19-29 
Excellent Compensation 

Call Building Families 
(8001977-7633 

www.bldgfams.com 

Are you interested in playing Texas 
Hold'em Poker and Blackjack on a 
regular basis? Email poker-
dude26@aol.com for more info. 
(2/19) 

EGG 'DONORS NEEDED $5000-
S 15OOO+{based on specific qualifi-
cations) for qualified, responsible 
applicants. Special need for 
Jewish, Asian, East Indian Donors. 
dose personal support provided 
by an experienced Egg Donor. 
Fertility Alternatives, Inc. 
909.696.7466 
www.FertilityAlternatives.com 
(6/28) 

tHE OCSD GUARDIAN 

Generous intelligent Indian egg 
donor needed urgently to help us 
(an Indian couple) have child. 
Compensation SSSS. Contact 
essandess2004@yahoo.com 
(2/17) 

Volunteers paid $30 for an inter-
view. If you are entirely of Chinese, 
Japanese, or Korean descent, age 
21·26, call 552.8585x5590. (4/3) 

SERVICES 

DOTUIOR.com, Hundreds o! tutors 
to your home or school, All sub· 
jects, Any Level, Discount Packages 

Available, 1.177.DO.TUTOR (3/11) 

Reselrcher/Writer AVliI.ble 
Writing professional can assist you 
with researching and writing work. 
Call 619.835.9055 (2/17) 

PERSONALS 

It was a sad Valentine's Day for 
Barbie and Ken, who have split up. 
A ·spokesman" for the couple stat-
ed that they needed "time to 
spend some quality time apart" In 
addition, a new . . . oh, hell with 
this. (2/17) 

CLASSIFIEOS 13 

Same old shiule, different awards 
show. Remember how fresh the 
throwback jerseys were a few 
years ago? Come on clones, give it 
a rest (2/17) 

Yesterday was the President's Day 
Holiday. It's the time of year when 
we honor Abraham Lincoln. who 
freed 20%, off the price of section-
als at the Sofa Factory. and George 
Washington, the father of the 
Macy's White Sale. (2/17) 

Edouard: Dink-dink. Dink-dink-
dink-Dink, Dink, dink ... (2/17) 

Advertising 
I, 1,3 

I. Visit www.ucsdguardian.org.cliCk on ·CLASSlfIEDS· in the ADVERTISING 
box, print our Classified form, fill it out. 

2. fAX it to (~581534.7691 
3. Call us at (8581534·3U6 with your CREDIT CARD INfO . It's that easy to 
reach UCSD. 

• 
, 

QUALCOMM is 1\ Hiring. 

www.qualcomm.com 



14 SPORTS 

Men's volleyball drops 
two matches on the road 
No. 14 Tritons lose to No.1 
UCLA and No.8 UC Irvine 

By BRYCE WARWICK 
Senior Staff Writer 

When No. 14 UCSD men's vol-
leyball team returned to sunny 
Southern California, UCLA and 
UC Irvine dropped the road-weary 
Tritons on Feb. 13 and Feb. 14, 
respectively. UCSD is now 5-7 
overall and 2-5 in the Mountain 
Pacific Sports Federation. 

The Tritons returned ro MPSF 
play after splitting two matches at 
rhe Penn Stare Invitational and 
were promprly greeted by No. 1 
UCLA. UCSD looked poised ro 
rake. down the Bruins in Pauley 
Pavilion, opening strong and tak-
ing the first game, 30-28. The 
Tritons were strong offensively, 
putting down 17 kills with four 
errors on 33 attempts for a .3 94 
attacking percentage ro UCLA's 
JOO. Unfortunately, the Tritons 
were unable to maintain their 
opening-game pace. 

UCSD attacked at a .163 clip 
for the rest of the match, while the 
Bruins hi t a staggering .414 in 
games two, three and four, includ-
ing an asrounding 27 kills in the 
fourth game for 30-1S, 30-lS and 
30-24 wins. UCLA middle hitter 
Chris Pena led all players with 20 
kills on 30 attempts with no errors 
for a .667 attacking percentage. 

For the Tritons, sophomore 
outside hitter Jeff Urton and junior 

outside hitter Adam Toren notched 
double-digit kill totals with 15 and 
12, respectively. Junior libero 
Dickens Tai had a match-high 15 
digs and junior setter Nate Jones 
had 46 assists. 

The following night, UCSD 
traveled down the road to face No. 
S UC Irvine, but the Tritons were 
once again unable to get on track.. 
The Tritons hit .170 compared ro 
the Anteaters' .311, as UC Irvine 
took the sweep 30-25, 30-26 and 
31-29. 

UCSD's best chance to steal a 
game came in the third frame of 
the evening in which there were 22 
ties and nine lead changes. The 
Anteaters held off the Triton 
charge at the end, however, and 
ended the match, 31 -29. 

Freshman Brooks Dierdorff 
assumed the primary setting 
responsibilities and distributed 29 
assists on the match. Senior oppo-
site Jim Waller led UCSD with 14 
kills on the evening. UC Irvine's 
Jimmy Pelzel ~ad a match-~gh 19 
kills. 

The Anteaters dominated in the 
blocking department, holding a 13-
5.5 advantage in total blocks for 
the match. 

The Tritons return to action 
Feb. 17 at No. 4 Pepperdine before 
rerurning home from their seven-
game road trip on Feb. 20 ro face 
Division ill La Verne. 

Men's basketball ends 
three,game losing streak 
UCSD loses to Roadrunners, 

beats Warriors at RIMAC 
By MAn RYAN 
Senior Staff Writer 

UCSD renlrned to its winning 
ways rhis weekend after capturing 
the second ga me of a two-game 
homestand 0 11 Feb. 13 and Feb. 14. 
The Tritons were outmatched by 
the undefeated Cal Stare 
Bakersfield in the first game and 
lost handily, 86-61 . However, the 
Tritons bounced back nicely 
against Cal State Stanislaus and 
picked up a much-needed victory, 
80-63, to break a three-game losing 
streak. 

Rt!rurning home is never easy 
against Cal State Bakersfield, as the 
Tritons found out on Feb. 13. The 
visiting Roadrunners, who are 
ranked fourth in the West Region 
and first in the California Collegiate 
Athletic Association, jumped on the 
Tritons early and never let up, taking 
a 47-27 halftime lead. The 'Runners 
shot a blistering 49 percent from the 
field in the first half. 

In the second half, the big lead 
proved to be too much for the 
Tritons to mount a comeback. The 
closest the Tritons got was within 
14 points, but at the 5:33 mark, 
UCSD trai led by 27. 

Cal State Bakersfield was led by 
senior forward Martin Rajniak who 
had a game-high 22 points to go 
with nine rebounds. Junior 
Dwayne Brown had a solid game 
off the bench, finishing with 15 
points, seven rebounds and game-
highs of five blocks and four steals. 

For the Tritons, red shirt fresh-
man Parker Berling had 13 points, 
while another freshman, Robby 
Peters, added 11 points of his own. 
The always-reliable junior guard 
Brandon Francis finished in double 
digits with 10 points. 

The Tritons did not have much 
time to think about the loss, as they · 

returned to action Feb. 14 against 
Cal State Stanislau . UCSD 's focus 
showed in its thumping of the 
Warriors, SO-63 . 

The game was close in the first 
half as UCSD trailed 37-34 going 
into the locker room. Cal State 
Stanislaus was red-hot from the 
field in the first half (shooting 15-
for-29) at 5 1 percent. 

However, the Warriors' lead 
wou ld quickly evaporate as the 
Tritons were on fire in the second 
half while the Warriors were ice 
cold. The Tritons shot 56 percent 
in the second half to the Warriors' 
30 percent. 

Right out of the half, freshman 
guard Adam Reinking scored four 
quick points to put the Tritons back 
on top at 3S-37. The Warriors, 
despite their poor shooting, stuck 
around. The score was 59-5S with 
S:45 left. Senior guard Cameron 
Jackson fired a three-pointer to 
push the lead to four. Jackson made 
sure the game was Out of reach with 
four late free throws and a nice jump 
shot to put the Tritons up, 74-61. 

Sophomore guard Matthew 
Sweany did his part to make sure the 
Tritons would win, scoring a game-
high 24 points, which included five 
three-point baskets. Jackson had 10 
points for the Tritons. Also scoring 
in double figures for the Tritons was 
Reinking, who had lZ points and 10 
reboWlds, Francis with lZ points and 
junior center Jesse Boyd with 11 
points. 

Not only has this win put the 
Tritons within reach of Sonoma 
State and San Francisco State in the 
CCAA standings at 6-10, but the 
Tritons showed promise with an aII-
aroWld solid team performance with 
balanced scoring. 

UCSD will look to continue its 
stellar play against Chico State and 
UC Davis on the road this week. 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN nJESDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 2004 

Swimming: Levy breaks a UCSD record 
continued from page ,6 

Her time of 17: 1 0.65 beat Tracy 
Mulvany's 1988 record of 17:12.84 
by over two seconds. 

With a time of 51.4Z in the 
lOO-yard freestyle, Harlan also 
broke a school record. 

Other significant swims for the 
Tritons on day four included 
freshman Andrea Lippin's second-
place 1,650-yard freestyle 
(17 :17.91), Bogard's third-place 
200-yard breaststroke (2 :20.S3), 
and Bell's third-place 200-yard 
backstroke (Z:06.S7). 

Throughout the meet, the 
UCSD women rose above the 
other teams in the relays, winning 
three out of five relay events. Most 
significant was the ZOO-yard 
freestyle relay, in which UCSD 
beat Cal State Bakersfield by only 
one one-hundredth of a second 
and set a meet record of 1:35.64. 
The relay team (senior Carolyn 
Kwok, freshman Liz Whiteley, 
Delurgio and Harlan) is undefeat-
ed this season. 

On beating UC Davis and win-
ning conference, Kwok said, "We 
came into this ineet with a goal 
and came out achieving it, togeth-
er. Every single person on this 
team - men, women, swimmers 
and divers - played a role in con-
tributing to the win, showing how 
great our team is both in and out 
of the water." 

On the men's side, UCSD 
claimed two second-place finishes 
in relay, events. In the 800-yard 
freestyle relay, the team of fresh-
man Michael Lahey, senior John 
Pearce, freshman Tim Fuller and 
junior Brady Gosling finished in 
6:51.00. The ZOO-yard freestyle 
relay (&eshman Andy Harurunian, 
sophomore Mike Isaacs, junior 
Mark Tate and senior Rob Small) 
had a time of I :Z4.60. 

The men, like the women, 
improved their performance in 
individual events as the meet pro-
gressed. On the second day, the 
only top-three finish for UCSD 
was Pearce's 5OD-yard freestyle. 
He came in third with a time of 
4:3S.44. 

The next day, the Triton men 
I~ked stronger as they earned 
eight top-eight finishes. In the 
100-yard breast stroke, junior 
Brett Going got the men's first 
win (57.11). Behind him was 
Small, who placed third with a 
time of 57.64. 

Another third came from 
sophomore Ben Falcioni, who 
swam the 400-yard individual 
medley in 4:06.97 . 

Notable swims on the final day 
of the meet included Pearce's sec-
ond place in the 1,650-yard 
freestyle (16:23.07), freshman 
Jacob Dong's second place in the 
2oo-yard breaststroke (Z:05.80), 

Lahey'S third place in the lOO-yard 
backstroke (1 :50.68) and Going's 
fourth place in the ZOO-yard 
breaststroke (Z:07.21). 

The divers made important 
point contributions for UCSD. 
Sophomore Jennifer Margrave 
came in third on the one-meter 
board an.d fifth on the three-meter 
board. Freshman Daniel Gordh 
placed third on the one-meter 
board and fourth on the three-
meter board. 

For both die men and the 
women, one of the most impor-
tant accomplishments of the meet 
was getting more swimmers quali-
fied for the NCAAs. Junior Katie 
Miller met the cut in a relay, 
bringing the total number of 
female qualifiers to 15. Pearce, 
freshman Aram Yoo and sopho-
more Barnabus Sclafani also qual-
ified, making the men's total 13 . 

"The fact that we were able to 
qualify three additional men will 
strengthen our showing at 
NCAAs," McGihon said. "And for 
us to have some of the finishes we 
had - not being rested - is very 
promising. " 

The swimmers and divers are 
now focusing all their energy on 
the upcoming NCAA champi-
onships. They will leave on 
March 7 for Buffalo, N.Y., where 
this year's competition will be 
held. 

Baseball: Tritons crush Golden Eagles, 11 .. 1 
continued from page 16 

Down 3 -0 in the bottom of the 
second, the Tritons scored when 
sophomore leftfielder Damian 
F ante tripled to plate junior first 
baseman Brian Robinson. 

UCSD put up two more runs 
in the bottom of the fifth inning, 
but it would not be enough to 
overtake the Golden Eagles, who 
scored 13 runs on the day. 

Senior Triton pitcher Raf 
Bergstrom took the loss for UCSD 
and fell to 1-2 on the season. 

The Tritons rerurned the favor 
the following day and downed Cal 
Srate Los Angeles by 10 runs with 
a final score of 11-1. 

Sophomore pircher Byron 
Grubman started on the mound for 
the Tritons and threw a three-hit 
complete game, retiring the final 19 
Golden Eagle batters. Grubman 
earned his first win of the 2004 sea-
son, now in the box 1-0. 

Offensively, the Tritons put up 
two runs in the bottom of the sec-
ond inning. Senior rightfielder 
Brett Burton tripled in the inning 
and plated Fante for the second 
run of the inning. 

After the Golden Eagles put up 
their only run of the second game 
in the top of the third inning, the 
Tritons countered with a run of 
their own. UCSD proceeded to put 
up three runs in the fifth inning, 
two runs in each the sixth and sev-
enth and one run in the bottom of 
the eighth. 

For the Tritons, junior left-
fielder Ryan Langone went 2-for-
4 with two doubles and two RBIs. 
Junior shortstop Keith Hernandez 
went Z-for-5 with a double. 

With the series tied at one 
game apiece, the series moved to 
Los Angeles for a doubleheader at 
Reeder Field. 

Game three was an offensive 
battle. 

Through four innings, the 
Golden Eagles led the Tritons, 9-5. 
In the top of the fifth inning, 
UCSD senior right fielder David 
Hawk smacked a two-nm home 
run to left field, his first home run 
of the year. The Golden Eagles 
countered with four runs in the 
bottom half of the inning. 

Later in the seventh inning, the 
Tritons put up four nms off of sin-
gles from Fante, junior third base-
man Ricky Pinocchio and senior 
pinch hitter Josh SaWlders, as well 
as a double from Langone. 

DMtUna/Cuanfon file 

Hurl it: After going 2-2 this past weekend, UCSD baseball is currently 8-4 
overall and 2-2 in the California Collegiate Athletic Association. 

Langone, Hernandez, Fante, 
Pinocchio and Hawk each had two 
hits. But UCSD's 11 runs on 14 
hits were not enough to win. 

The Golden Eagles put up 15 
runs on 17 hits to win game three. 

Even with the loss of kame 
three, O'Brien felt that his team 
displayed a strong offensive attack.. 

"We continue to swing the bat 
well and will improve both on the 
bases and on defense," he said. 

UCSD sophomore starer Jose 
Navarro went just two and onc-
third innings, giving up six runs on 
five hits. Navarro took the loss for 
the Tritons and fell to 0-1. 
Sophomore Ryan Leake pitched 
four and one-third innings and gave 
up six runs on seven hits. Junior 
pitchers :Justin Allred and Tyler 
Smith also appeared in the game. 

See UCSD, Paar IS 

TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 17 , 2004 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

UCSD: Boutilier improves to 2 .. 0 on the season 
continued from page '4 

- The series finale proved to be a 
close game between the equally 
matched Tritons and Golden Eagles. 

The runs came early for both 
teams. UCSD put up a run in the 
top of the first inning. Langone 
singled to shortstop, and junior 
second baseman Joel Clark reached 
on a fielder's cboice. With two outs, 
senior catcher Jeff Riddle tripled to 
center field and drove in Clark. 

Cal State Los Angeles tied it up 
in t}le bottom half of the inning. 

In the top of the second, the 
Tritons put up their second run, and 
again, the Golden Eagles tied it up in 
their half of the inning. But, that 

would be the last run that they would 
score in the game. 

UCSD added two runs in the 
fourth inning, which would be all 
they needed to claim the victory. 

Triton junior pitcher Logan 
Boutilier went a complete seven 
innings, giving up just two runs on 
six hits. Boutilier retired 14 of the 
last 17 Golden Eagle batters. With 
the win, Boutilier improves to 2-0. 

O'Brien was pleased with the 
performances of his pitchers and of 
his defense as a whole during the 
weekend series. 

"Grubman and Boutilier had 
great outings and were backed up 
with solid defense," he said . 

With the loss, Cal State Los 
Angeles fall s to 5-3 overall and 2-2 
in the CCAA. UCSD improves to 
S-4 overall and 2-2 in the CCAA. 

"Overall our consistency is 
improving, but is still a work in 
progress," O'Brien said. 

The Trito.(lS will continue to 
work on playing consistent, solid 
baseball when they face Cal Baptist 
on Feb. 17 at Z p.m. at Triton 
Baseball Stadium. UCSD will then 
travel to San Bernardino to face 
CCAA foe Cal State San Bernardino 
in games on Feb. 19 and Feb. 20. 
The two teams will close the series 
with a doubleheader on Feb. 21 at 
Triton Baseball Stadium. 

Softball: Hurst goes 3 .. 4, drives in three runs 
cominuedfrom page 16 

from the start, and scoring almost 
every i nni ngo" head coach Patti 
Gerckens said. 

There was an abundance of out-
standing offensive performances. 
Junior catcher Jamie Hurst went 3-
4 with two runs and three RBIs, 
senior shortstop Kim Aggabao 
went 2-4 and also scored two runs 
and three RBis, and sophomore 
second baseman Desiree 
Franciscus also finished 2-4 with 
two runs and three RBIs. 

Freshman ace pitcher Tina 
Rowe enended her win and com~ 
plete game streak to five each, 
bringing her record up to 5-0 on 
the season. 

The second game was much 
more of a pitcher'S duel, but 
UCSD caine out on top again, 
pulling out a 1-0 victory behind· 
the offensive and defensive contri-
butions of senior pitcher Jodie 
Bland. Bland not only pitched a 
complete game shutout to get her 
third victory of the season, putti ng 
her record at 3-2, but she also con-
tributed the lone RBI for the 
game, scoring sophomore outfield-
er Jenny Spencer on a double in 
the second inning. Bland was 2-3 
on the game, with an RBI , while 
Spencer went 1-2 with a run. 

"Jodie was just in control on the 
mound - it was her game, it was 
her best performance of the year," 
Gerckens said. "When you have so 

much offense in the first game, the 
defense is not really noticed, but 
the defense was very noticeable; 
Chico had runners on, but they just 
didn't score." 

UCSD got its offense going in 
the first game against Davis on 
Feb. 14, earning a 5-3 victory 
after going into the fifth inning 
trailing 1-0. The Tritons scored 
four unearned runs in the fourth, 
knocking out Davis' No. 1 pitcher 
Amy Rosson . Offensive highlights 
included sophomore outfielder 
Niki Anderson going 2-3 with a 
run and an RBI, and junior out-
fielder Breanne Cope, who went 
1-3 with a run and drove in two 
more. 

"We hadn't seen Davis in a 
while," Gerckens said. "We played 
a hard game, knocked out their No. 
I · pitcher and came from behind, 
something we've had a lot of 
chances to do lately. We have taken 
advantage of them." 

Rowe provided yet another 
complete game victory, which 
raised her season total to six, and 
her record to 6-0. 

The second game proved a 
tough defeat to suffer, with Davis 
finally putting the game away in 
the bottom of the 11 th inning 
after a critical Triton's error 
allowed UC Davis to pull ahead, 
5-4. 

Senior third baseman Amy 
'Menee led UCSD from the plate, 

going 3-4 with two runs, while 
Spencer added two RBIs and 
Aggabao went 1-3 with a run and 
an RBI. UCSD's biggest problem 
was leaving 16 runners on base, 
including numerous· runners in 
scoring position, both during regu-
lation play and in extra innings. 

"These kinds of games make us 
bener," Gerckens said. "I want the 
pressure so the girls show how they 
will handle it when it happens 
again, and there is no more pres-
sure than 11 innings. This was the 
rype of game where it comes down 
to whoever makes the first mistake, 
and unfortunately that was us. 
Though Davis is good, I think 
we're better, and we should have 
won both of these games, hands 
down." 

Bland went the distance, pitch-
ing all II innings, but suffered a 
loss in the end, bringing her record 
to 3 -3 on the year. 

"Tina had two great wins, but 
Jodie (Bland) pitched her two best 
games of the season this weekend," 
Gerckens said. "She is a strong 
senior out there on the mound, and 
she is just getting better and bet-
ter." 

The Tritons will once again 
take the field on Feb. IS when 
they take on Azusa Pacific in a 
doubleheader at Triton Softball 
Stadium. The first game is sched-
uled to start at 4 p.m., while the 
second will begin at 6 p .m. 

Buick: Daly beats out Donald and Riley to win 
conUnW!d from page ,6 

round to get to one under par, and 
barely made the cut. 

Despite not having any of the 
worlds top golfers atop the leader-
board , the Buick Invitational had 
an ending that no one would com-
plain about. Long-hitting John 
Daly won this year's tournament on 
the first hole of a three-man playoff 
with San Diego natives Chris Riley 
and Luke Donald. 

Daly, who has battled back from 
an up-and-down career, including 
two trips to alcohol rehabilitation 
and PGA suspension due to erratic 
behavior, ended a streak of 189 
starts without a victory. 

"I never doubted that I could 
whose last PGA 

DIvid u,."GuardIIrn file 
PrIdice ..... perfect ~ Pavin 
Mt!S up for the Buick Invitational on the 
driving range. He finished tied for 59th. 

Tour win came at the 1995 British 
Open. 

The 5-foot-ll, nO-pound 
Daly, known for his "grip-it-and-
rip-i t" style and booming drives, 
was clearly a fan favorite at the 
Buick's final day at Torrey Pines. 
He ended his third round by mak-
ing an eagle on the South Course's 
57Z-yard, par-5 ISth . The eagle 
brought out a loud roar from the 
gallery that could be heard on the 
opposite end of the course, and it 
gave Daly a one-stroke lead going 
into the final round. 

As most of the field behind Daly 
made a push, he just left the door 
wide open for someone else ro take 
the lead. Mickelson fired a five-
under 67 to bring him to nine under 
and into a tie with five other golfers 
who ended just one stroke off the 
lead. Both Donald and Riley, who 
played high school golf at Torrey 
Pines and still live within 10 miles of 
the course, shot 69s on Feb. 15 to 
move to 10 Wlder for the tourna-
ment. 

Daly played a shaky final round, 
making just one birdie. He record-
ed two bogeys and one double on 
Sunday, and he began the final hole 
tied with Donald and Riley at 10 
under. After laying up on the par 5, 
Daly left a 35 -foot putt to win the 
tournament in regulation just short 
and he headed for his first playoff 
in nine years. 

On the first playoff hole, the 
18th of the South Course, Daly 
told his caddie that he would go for 
the green~ his second shot if-he 

were within 275 yards of the green. 
When he got to his ball, he found 
that his drive had gone over 310 
yards and he had 262 left. 

From there, he ripped a 3-
wood that found the right bunker 
at the back of the green. After 
Donald and Riley had both hit 
their approach shots to within 10 
feet to give themselves legitimate 
birdie opporrunities, Daly blasted 
out of the bunker and his ball 
trickled down the sloped green 
another 100 feet to within inches 
of the hole. 

Daly didn't bother to mark his 
ball, tapping in for birdie. Next to 
putt was Donald, who rolled his 
putt by the hole. Then, Riley hit 
his slick downhill putt, which 
lipped out, assuring Daly his fifth 
career PGA victory. 

"There was a lot of emotion. It 
was kind of a relief that I won 
again," Daly said. "It's the greatest. 
I've had a lot of ups and downs .. . 
it's sweet," he said as tears rolled 
down his cheeks. 

For his performance at Torrey 
Pines, Daly won $864,000, more 
than he has won in any single sea-
son of his turbulent 13 -year PGA 
career. Despite earning his biggest 
paycheck, Daly is proud to have 
competed against a strong Torrey 
Pines field. 

"This is the greatest victory," 
Daly said. "I won two majors and 
nothing can take away from that. 
But I've never won a tournament 
with Tiger Woods in the field. 
That feels good." 

SPORTS 15 

Hot Nights? Cool Trips? 
Killer Deals? 

UCSD Price Center See. 76 
(&5&) 452.0630 
953 Garnet Ave, SO 743 Fourth Ave, 1st Floor 
(&5&) 270.6401 (619) 544.9632 
onlinE •• on THE PHonE .. on (AmpUl .. on THE /TREET 

Attention: ' Brainiacs! 
Q-How do you make $$$ and go to school at the 

• same time? . 

A: By investing in ... DI.., Real EaUtel 
liD" FINANCING AVAluau 

Call OT EMail me for free information 

.\\ ."," .. , .:~;~ ...... "-"J REALTORIID 
858.673.7830 
.h.,y.~.mcmllll"' •• lty.com 

McMillin Realty Jo. COfI<y _ ... C4mt>onY I.·· "·' . ':< - : . 
• 

PDSTALANNEX+ Yes, We Can! 
l6ur Ibne o.tJ'ia? 
LocatttlltsWe Ralph's 
8677 Vila La Joia Drive 

La Jolla, CA 92031 
Ph: 858-453-9798 

Fighting 

• Shippng • Ofn:. Supplil1!> 
• PI(king Supplies • lImhcting 
• H4IGry • BiIldjrog 
• Motlbu Ren!31 • UPS j ftdfx 
• Key {u~ng • USPS 
• 8/W Copl~ • lumbo Shipping 
• roxin~ Serllct . f.e~nf)Ss 
• 5 101n~ 

Big Tobacco. Bad Air. and the Asthma Epidemic. 

_.Iun •• andie.o.or. t AMERICAN LUNG ASSOCIATION. 
IOOYEARS - 1904-2004 

When You Can't Breath_, Nothln, E'.e Matters. 

-



·., ) 

Swimming champs crowned 
Women's team places first; men take third 

By EVA HOFFMAN 
Staff Writer 

At this year's Pacific Collegiate 
Swim Conference Champi~nships, 
the UCSD womens swim team 
reclaimed the conference champi-
on title, while the men's team 
placed third . The four-day meet 
took place at Belmont Plaza in 
Long Beach, Calif., from Feb. II to 
Feb. 14. 

After winning the meet in 
2002, the Triton women fell to 

, UC Davis last year. This year, 
they beat UC Davis by of over 200 
points. UCSD finished with 1,391 
points, followed by · UC Davis 
with 1,118 and University of San 
Diego with 1,041. Both UC Davis 

and USD are Division I teams. 
In the men's competition, UC 

Davis surpassed defending cham-
pion Cal State Bakersfield (I,44S) 
with 1,468 points. UCSD's final· 
point total was I , 14S. 

Further honor was bestowed 
on UCSD when head coach Scon 
McGihon was chosen as the 
PCSC Championships Coach of 
the Year for his work with the 
women's team. 

"That's really more a reflection 
of the team's accomplishments 
than of anything I did. If they 
don't swim well, no one gets any 
awards," McGihon said. "To me, 
that's really more team-of-the-
year than coach-of-the-year." 

The UCSD women dominated 

Jennifer OcNtns/Cuordion file 
Salisbury's stake: Louisa Salisbury and the Triton women's swim team 
cap.tured the crown at the Pacific Collegiate Swim Conference Championships. . 

Women's tennis 
remains undefeated 
Visiting UCSD defeats Cal 

State Bakersfield, 7-2 
By ANGELA UN 

Staff Writer 

The UCSD women's tennis 
team celebrated Valentine's Day 
by defeating host Cal State 
Bakersfield in its 2004 California 
Collegiate Athletic Association 
opener on Feb. 14, giving the 
Tritons an undefeated record 
early in the season. The 7-2 win 
improved the UCSD's record to 
3-0 overall. 

The Tritons' two losses came in 
the No.1 singles and doubles posi-
tions. The 'Runners' Katalin Nagy 
defeated senior Julie Westerman in 
a close 6-7 (7-S), 2-6 match. Nagy 
then teamed up with Leah 
Espericueta to defeat Westerman 
and No. 2 singles player junior 
Jasmin Dao, 8-6, at No.1 doubles. 

"Nagy was a very strong player 
so it was definitely a tough match. 
The first set was very close, it came 
down to a tie-breaker at the end," 
Westerman said: "But in the sec-
ond set, she stopped making 
errors, began hitting more winners 
and placing her shots better." 

Tritons were able to finish the 
rest of their matches without a 
problem. Dao defeated 
Espericueta in a quick 6-1, 6-1 at 
No. 2 singles. No. S and No. 6 
singles players Kristina Jansen and 
Katie McKee both posted 6-0, 6-0 
scores against their opponents. 

At the No.3 singles position, 
Leigh Roberts defeated her oppo-

nent, Glenda Love, 6-4 and 6-0, 
and No.4 singles Marissa Hilker 
defeated Marti Hoyt in a quick 
and painless 6-1, 6-1 match. 

The doubles line-up fared well 
also: No. 2 doubles sophomore 
Tara Siddiqui and freshman 
Kristin Bronowicki defeated their 
opponents, 8-3, and at No.3 dou-
bles Roberts and McKee pulled 
out a swift 8-0 victory. 

"[Cal State] Bakersfield had 
one very strong player, but that's 
all that they could rely on," 
Westerman said. "The rest of 
their line-up didn't match up very 
well, so they didn't have anything 
else to fall back on." 

Through the entire line-up, the 
Tritons aU owed Bakersfield only 
2 5 game points, 14 of them against 
Nagy. The Tritons were able to 
rely on the depth of their lineup to 
defeat the Roadrunners, a strength 
that the team will count on 
throughout the rest of its season. 

"The key is to just play your 
own game and not to worry about 
your opponent," Westerman said. 
"We just need to implement 
everything we've worked on and 

. we'll be fine." 
T he Tritons traveled to Los 

Angeles to play Cal State Los 
Angeles on Feb. 16, but results of 
that match were unavailable at 
press time. UCSD will be playing 
at home for their next match on 
Feb. 19 against Western New 
Mexico. 

the meet from the second day 
onward. The first day included 
only relays and diving, and UCSD 
got off to a weak start, trailing UC 
Davis and Pepperdine. However, 
the team bounced back with sev-
eral fast swims on Feb. 12, the first 
day of individual competition, and 
amassed a ISO-point lead. 

Sophomore Sophie Levy won 
the SOO-yard freestyle in a time of 
4 minutes, 59.11 seconds. Senior 
Denise Bogard placed second in 
the 200-yard individual medley 
(2 :06.07), and freshman Emily 
Harlan claimed third in the 50-
yard freestyle (23.67). The Triton 
women were able to maintain 
their lead on the third day with 
eight top-eight finishes in individ-
ual events. Among these was 
sophomore Rosanna Delurgio's 
win in the 100-yard breaststroke. 
Her time, 1:02.92, tied her own 
PCSC record. 

As usual, Bogard was right 
behind Delurgio, earning a 1-2 
finish for UCSD. Bogard's time 
was 1:03.48. 

Another big point-scorer on 
the third day was freshman Susan 
Bell , who came in third in the 
400-yard individual medley 
(4:33.03). 

UCSD finished off the meet 
with a bang, claiming 10 top-eight 
individual finishes on Feb. 14. 

Delurgio and Levy each earned 
another conference title. Delurgio 
triumphed in .. the 200-yard breast-
stroke (2 : 16.74). Winning the 
1,650-yard freestyle, Levy broke 
UCSD's longest standing record. 

See SWIMMING. Page '4 

Torrey 
Pines 

hosts the 
2004 Buick 

Golfer John 
Daly wins on 

first playoff hole 
ByANUKUMAR 

Associate Sports Editor 

The annual Buick Invitational 
draws golf fans from all over 
Southern California because of its 
world-class field. Spectators come 
to La Jolla's . Torrey Pines 
Municipal Golf Course expecting 
the PGA Tour's finest talents like 
Tiger Woods, Vijay Singh and Phil 
M.ickelson to battle for the tourna-
ment lead on the fourth and final 
day of the tournament. 

However, this past weekend's 
2004 Buick Invitational didn't have 
defending champion Woods in the 
final group on Sunday or even on 
the first page of the leaderboard .. 
This year's tournament didn't even 
have Singh's name on the third- or 
fourth-round list of starting times. 
Singh, who had come to La Jolla rid-
ing a streak of 12 consecutive top-lO 
finishes, missed the one-under-par 
cut line after the second round that 
narrowed the original tournament 
field of 156 to 84 golfers. The third 
fan-favorite, Mickelson, made a 
birdie on his final hole of the second 

See BUICK. Page '5 

Men's volleyball 
On the tail-end of a long 

road trip, the Tritons fell to 
UCLA on Feb. 13 and UC 

Irvine Feb. 14. 

TUESDAY 
FEBRUARY 17, 1004 

page 14 
16 

No. 19 baseball ' splits 
conference opener 

UCSD and Cal State Los 
Angeles win two games apiece 

By COURTNEY FIELD 
Senior Staff Writer 

The 19th-ranked UCSD base-
ball team opened the California 
Collegiate Athle.tic Association sea-
son with a four-game series against 
Cal State Los Angeles from Feb. 12 
to Feb. 14. The Golden Eagles 
took game one, 13 -3, and game 
three, 15 -1 1. The Tritons won 
games two and four by scores of Il -
l and 4-2, respectively. 

UCSD head coach Dan O'Brien 
knew that the competition would 
be strong against Cal State Los 
Angeles this weekend. 

"We didn't play our best baseball 
this weekend and came away with a 
split against a pretty good team," he 
said. "[But] we did have several guys 
step up when the team needed it, and 
that is the sign of a good team." 

Cal State Los Angeles scored 
early and often in game one. They 
put up one run in the first inning, 
two in the second and four in the 
third. The runs in the top of the 
second came off a two-run home 
run from Eagle first basemanJustin 
Brewer, who had two hits and four 
RBIs on the day. 

See BASEBALL Page '4 

David Ung/Cuonfan file 
Sister kiss: UCSD's Ryan Leake and his teammates went 2-2 over the weekend 
to open up league play against Cal State Los Angeles on Feb. 12 through Feb. 14. 

Softball continues to 
roll in CCAA play 

Tritons sweep Chico State, split 
a doubleheader with Aggies 

By JOE SPANO 
Senior Staff Writer . 

UCSD continued its 
California Collegiate Athletic 
Association dominance this past 
weekend, winning two against 
Chico State on Feb. 13 and taking 
one in a doubleheader against UC 
Davis on Feb. 14, who is tied with 
the Tritons for first place in the 
CCAA. 

The Triton· offense exploded 
right off the bat in the first game 
against Chico State. UCSD 
scored in every inning except the 
second and won 15 -4. Every 
starter had at least one hit and 
scored at least one run as well. 

"We played really well - our 
bats were working great in the 
first game, we started hitting right 

See SO mALL. Page 15 

CIrina Wtbet/Oxmlon • 
The road leu tr ....... : UCSD had a successful road trip, sweeping Chico 
State on Feb. 13 and going 1-1 against UC Davis on Feb. 14. 


