
FEAtURES liahts and Sirens 2 SPOIlS 

. Picturing Sri Lanka Opinion 4 Tritons Letter to the Editor • down Davis 
Eleanor Roosevelt College senior Alissa Sears shares Campus Calendar 8 Mens basketball 

a glimpse of Sri Lanka through her photos and journals. Crossword Puzzle 10 upsets Div. I UC Davis. 
pap 9 Classifieds 11 page 16 

THE UCSD 

UC SAN DIEGO MONDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 2004 

UC--wide LGBTIA conference 
hosted at UCSD for first time 

By SHANNON ELIOT 
Staff Writer 

The 15th Annual Conference 
and General As embly of the 

Univer~ity of California Lesbian 
Gay Bisexual Transgender 
Intersex Association was hosted by 
UCSD on Feb. 20 to Feb. 22. 
This marked the first time 
UCSD hosted the UC-wide con-
ference . 

The conference, which is the 
largest annual gathering of LGBTI 
leaders in the western United 
States, featured lectures and work-
shops designed to promote aware-
ness and tolerance for members of 
the LGBTI community. 

In her opening remarks, Acting. 
Chancellor Marsha A. Chandler 
said that the conference "provides 
a much-needed opportunity for an 
open and honest dialogue about 
LGBTI experiences within the 
university and within the larger 
community." 

Anna Hrabak/Guardian 
Equal ripts: Sociologist Pat Washington. who studies gender and social 
stratification, gave the closing speech for the three-day UCLGBTIA conference. 

In addition to the celebration 
of the 15th anniversary of the 
UCLGBTIA conference, atten-
dees also celebrated the fifth 
anniversary of UCSD's LGBT 
Resource Center. 

"It's key for the agendas to con-' 
stantly be open, but also for people 
to recognize that it's important to 
keep issues on the agenda and not 

simply assume that someone else 
will do it," Chandler said. "I thiAk 
that is one of the real virtues of our 
resource center -- they are very 
politically active." 

Chandler remarked that an 
important foundation of LGBTI 
support has been established, but 
the activism must continue for the 
LGBTI community to reach its 
goals. 

"The University of California 

Coun~ide initiative 
sparks debate 

Proposition A would limit 
development in rural areaS 

By MARNOTE FEDERIS 
Associate News Editor 

Students who are registered as 
voters in San Diego County will 
be asked to vote on March 2 on a 
countywide initiative to . limit 
development in San Diego's back-
country. Proposition A, or the 
Rural Lands Initative, has incited 
debate among the community 
and students and· would limit the 
amount of space developers could 
build on in northern and eastern 
San Diego County. 

The initiative revises San Diego 
County's General Plan, which cur-
rently puts residential zoning in 
the rural areas of the county. 
Proposition A would "require 
newly subdivided parcels .. . to be a 
minimum of 40,80, or 160 acres." 
The initiative would prevent land 
from being divided into lots small-
er than specified acreage for devel-
opment. The initiative will affect 
approximately 700,000 acres. 

Supporters and opponents of 
Proposition A argue about the 
impacts of the initiative on San 
Diego County. 

According to its proponents, 
the initiative would prevent sprawl 
and protect the environment in 
rural parts of the county as it grows 
in the next 20 years. Froponents 
contend that it will also protect the 
county's air and water and stop 
traffic from getting worse. 

"We've got to figure out how 
we will grow, whether we will con-
tinue to become more and more 
like Los Angeles or Irvine, or 
whether to keep big developers 
from adding more roads and more 
sprawl," said Erin Koch, campaign 
manager for the Yes for Prop. A 
campaign. "We need to say, this is 
where we want cities to be, and 
this where we want our farms." 

Arguments around the initia-
tive revolve around environmen-
tal and affordable housing issues 
for the coming years. 

"A lot of people who go to 
school at UCSD would want to 
live in San Diego after they grad-
uate," Koch said. "If the initiative 
passes, it's going to encourage the 
construction of affordable homes 

&t PlOP. A. Pagt :I 

has taken an important position in 
[the promotion of LGBTI issues), 
but at the same time, the work in 
the university and the community 
must continue," Chandler said. 
"It is not the time to sit back; in 
fact it's much more a time to 
strengthen our efforts to combat 
the kind of discrimination and 
hostility that we see that is based 

See CONFERENCE, Page 7 

Council sees 
fifth senator 

• • resignation 
A.S. fills 

vacant spots 
. through 

. 

appomtments 
By NEIL SPEARS 
Senior Staff Writer 

The resignation of Eleanor 
Roosevelt College Senior Senator 
Jordan Rosenfeld during the Feb. 
18 A.S. Council meeting marked 
the fifth senator resignation this 
term. 

Former Earl Warren College 
Sophomore Senator Susie Parras, 
Thurgood Marshall College 
Junior Senator Billy 
Ikosipentarhos, Warren Junior 
Senator Kirsten Bowen and 
Revelle College Sophomore 
Senator Rachel Corell have all 
resigned from their offices since 
the A.S. Council began its term on 
April 30, 2003. 

A.S. President Jeremy Paul 
Gallagher said the number of resig-

oS« SENAIOIS. Pagt 7 

VOLUME Ill , ISS E 15 

Report recom,mends 
enrollment strategies 
LAO says enrolhnent cap may not 

compr~mise Master Plan 
By BRYAN TSAO 

Associate News Editor 

California's Legislative Analyst's 
Office released a report detailing 
recommendations drafted to help 
the University of California fulfill 
the California Master Plan for 
Education. The Feb. 13 report, 
titled "Maintaing the Master Plan's 
Commitment to College Access," 
calls for the university to redirect 
admitted students to the California 
Community College system on a 
voluntary basis, reduce the number 
of UC-ineligible students accepted 
and re-examine existing eligibility 
standards. 

According to the report, the 
University of California allows up to 
6 percent of its enrollment to consist 
of "special admits," or students who 
don't meet the university's normal 
eligibility requirements but show 
strong academic potential or bring 
some other element to the universi-
ty. The report recommends reduc-
ing the special admit percentage to 
the 2 percent level previously out-
lined in the Master Plan. However, 
UC officials say that the university 
already admits ne'arly 2 percent. 

"We currently have 1.8 percent 
fre shman appl icants who are 
admitted by exception and 2.7 per-
cent of our transfer applicants [a rc 
also admitted by exception] ," U 
spokesman Hanan Eisenman said. 
"But we do support keeping that 
number [of a.llowed special admi ts) 
at a 6 percent level. " 

According to UCSD directOr of 
admissions Mae W. Brown, 12 stu-
dents currentl y enrolled at UC D 
were special admits. 

"The reason for special admi ts 
has to do with the enactment of the 
new visual and performing arts 
requirement, and some students 
didn't quite take the right 
sequence," Brown aid. "But we 
purposely made a decision given 
that we were turning away eligible 
students that it was inappropriate 
for us to admit [more than a few) 
ineligibles. " 

The Master Plan calls for the 
University of alifornia to accept 
any UC-eligible students who grad-
uate in the top 12 .5 percent of their 
high school class. The report also 
contend that the universi ty cur-

See REPORT, Page 3. 

Feb. 23 
H56L<l6 

Feb. 24 
H60L<l6 

SPOKEN 
"[Discrimination] 
has no place in 
any society." 

SURF 
REPORT 

Feb. 23 
Wind: W 10 kt. to 15 kt. 
Wind waves: 1 ft. to 2 ft. 

Swell: 6 ft. 

Ftb.25 
H 62 L49 

Ftb.26 
H 6OL45 

- Marsha A. Chandler, 
ICIin& chancello~ UCSD Feb. 24 

Wind: w to kt. or less 
Wind waves: 1 ft. or less 

Swell: 5 ft. 



2 NEWS THE UCSD GUARDIAN MONDAY. FEBRUARY 23. 2004 

I BRIEFLY 
UCSD School of Engineering 

to showcase researchers 
The 23rd annual Research Review of the 

UCSD Jacobs School of Engineering will show· 
case faculty and student researchers at Price 
Center from 8 a.m. to 3 p.m. on Feb. 27. 

Technology-oriented corporations and other 
attendees will hear over 20 faculty speakers at 
the showcase. which features the theme "Livin& 
Labs: Appl ication·Driven Technology Testbeds. 
The speakers will focus on how ne,w techn~lo· 
gies are i nte~rated and deployed In eme.rgmg 
markets in biotechnology, defense and mfor· 
mation technology. 

The event will also feature tours of laborato· 
ries, technology demonstrations and interaction 
with over 200 graduate students. 

Nearly two dozen companies will showcase 
their technologies, including AT&T, General 
Atomics. Hewlett·Packard. Lockheed Martin. 
QUALCOMM. Sun Microsystems and more. 

. To register for the event. visit 
http//vwwvjocobsschoo/ucsdedu/ rr. 

Events mark Eating 
Disorders Awareness Week 

Psychological and Counseling Services Peer 
Educators Women's Group will mark Eating 
Disorders Awareness Week with events to edu· 
cate students about eating disorders. 

An Eating Disorders Expert Panel will take 
place on Feb. 25 at 7 p.m. at Price Cente~s 
Davis/Riverside Room. The panel will indude a 

nutritionis~ an eating disorders educator. a RIMAC 
Wellness representative and a person who has 
recovered from an eating disorder. Panelists will 
be available to answer questions from attendees. 
The event is free and open to the public. 

On Feb. 26, Student Health Advocates will 
promote eating ~isorders aware~ess and healthy 
body image on Library Walk beginning at 10 a.m. 

Black History Month events 
continue to Feb. 27 

Black History Month events at UCSD will 
continue throughout the remainder of February. 

On Feb. 25. a Brown Bag Lunch series talk 
titled '1he Status of African Americans at UCSD" 
will feature Vice Chancellor of Student Affairs 
Joseph A. Watson. 

This talk is the first in a lecture series that will 
continue throughout the academic year and 

feature a different vice chancellor each month. 
On Feb. 26, the Equal Opportunity/Affirmative 

Action & Diversity Awards program will be held at 
2 pm at the Institute of the Americas Auditorium. 
Awards will recognize employees. departments or 
organizational units that have made "outstanding 
contributions in any or all areas at UCSD~ All 
members of the campus community may still 
nominate staff and colleagues. For more informa-
tion. call (858) 534-3694. 

The month's events will dose on Feb. 27 
with a finale event, Gospel Fest 2004. Choirs 
from San Die~o will compete for UCSD's 
Gospel Choir/Singer of the .Year title. The .ev~nt 
will also feature the reading of the Winning 
Black History Month essay in which students in 
local elementary, middle and high schools par-
ticipated. The event starts at 6 p.m. at Price . 
Center Theatre. 

Uls Speech Free'?" o~n 
diSCUSSion to be held Feb. 26 

An open discussion themed "Is Speech 
Free! will be held on Feb. 26 at OceanView 
Lounge at 6:30 p.m. The event is sponsored by 
the Cross·Cultural Center, Hillel of San Diego at 
UCSD and the Office of Religious Affairs. 

Topics proposed for the discussion include 
speech, war, democracy and religion. 

The event is free and open to the public. For 
more information, contact (858) 534-9689. 

Chandler names diversity 
task force members 

Ading Chancellor Marsha A. Chandler 
announced the composition of the newly 
formed Task Force on Underrepresented 
Faculty on Feb. 20. 

Co-chairing the task force will be Dean of 
Social Sciences Paul Drake and professor of 
dance and theater Jorge Huerta. Other members 
of the 13·member task force include faculty from 
the departments of communication, literature, 
history, physics, family and preventive medicine 
and ethnic studies, as well as from Scripps .• 
Institution of Oceanography. 

Chandler said the task force welcomes any 
input and to contact either of the co-<hairs with 
any questi~ns. . .. . 

The jomt AcademiC Senate·Admlnlstratlon 
task force aims to conduct a thorough review 
of activities related to the recruitment and 
retention of underrepresented faculty, 
Chandler said. 

G(J~i~Ej~ 
Evan McLaughlin EcIIofln 0Iief' . 

Jessica Kruskamp MInI"", EcItors 
clayton. WOrfoik 

Mather Martin Copy Editors 
Grant Schrader 

Gaelle Faure News Eclitor 
Mametle Federis ~ NeWI Editorl 

Bryan Tsao 
Daniel watts OpInIon Eclilor 

Cynthia Blade Chavez Sports Editor 
Anu Kumar Associate Sports Editors 

Matthew Grant 
Karla DeVries Features Editor 

Neha Singh Associate Features Editor 
Anne Cong·Huyen Hiltus Ecfdor 

Deena AI Shatti Associate 'Hiatus Editors 
Billy Gil 

Rachel A. Garcia Photo Editor 
David Ung AssocIate Pboto Editor 

Editorial AssIstants 
Vladimir Kogan, Neil Spears, Jennifer Downs 

hpllyout 
Jennijer Chang. catherine Chiu. uwrence Hu~ 

Andrew Nguyen. Josh Shupack, Ed Wu 
Copy R.iders 

Emily Allen, Eunice Hwangbo 
Nathan Miklos. Heather Welles 

Adrienne ~rrari BusIness Mllllpr 
Mkhael Foulks Alivertisin, MlNI,.r 
Mike Martinez Advertisln, Art DIrector 

......... AcICount EIIIaIIhIa 
N.thanieI Uy, 8roob Hirlishi 

Network Malrtiltrltor 
True Xiong 

Webmaslef 
Josh Rose 

Adver1IsInc DesIp and LIyoUt 
Shelley Matsutan~ Evan Scheingross' 

Ortulltlon 
Nick Arche~ Noreen Tham, Jennifer Pyun 

Kate Perry, Krishna Katukota 
The UCSD Guadm IS po.bished ~ .nI 'IIluosd¥ 
duirc the IICIdemic '(fill "" indict !he s&lCIonts at ucso. 

~ oIlh& newsp!Ip« .. Mf form. vh!Ihet In whole 
Of in poft, WIIt>o<A peImII5ion is ~ ~ C 2004 ... 

~~"""OCSD~istKJt~tw1he 
...... oIlJf'11Cl1od1ed~O{~n.wws......­
;-. cbllOl .-tt....-1he qli1IaM (I"" (.00 

• Gucrda1.lhe ~ 01 CMIomla 0( ~ 
student$, The VCSO ~ is ,~ IOIIIIy I>Y ~ 
IJ18. I(s ."..,. IR • ~ 01 bola 10 .. thIou&h ~ 

General EditoMI: 858-~34-6$8' 
News IIld hIIur." 58-SJ4-52» 

OpInIon, ~ PhoiC: ~34-45582 
. HIiIus: 151-534-6583 
Adve~ ()ffice: 8!180534-34&6 

' F-= .,.,M-MI .. 
f-moiI:~Otg 

~ONLINE 
www.ucsdlluardi.I1.otB 

.",. UCSD Guarr/Ion 
9500 Gilman Dr. 031 I" 

La 101'" CA t2ot,-o~1. 
AaullIoc.aIiOo: Second Floor. UCSO 
Student Center BuikIing A, Rm. 217 

I ETCETERA ••• 
L 5M ~, ~1I«"y filII' 

j~ ~ Is like. ~ HW' ...l 
OII~(.u..tu e.t ...:a~lIt. 
We. irat ,r:i~:MGJitiI1I~ 
on Hlis .rc.ale 
, 'ivt" CAf..d,.....,.-. 
'tVtl: u-._ ill .", .. ~ 
fttl" .p ~"'"",IfWI. 
I + CA'hhe.s liS 
CMlIN.,iIoIu , ~r slJt1'lit.. 

J 

1 I 

1 I 1 , 

J I 1 .. 
I 

, 
J Cde in poillt:. 

I ~ve ",1M ..,.cl ... 

J 
1 ~ . 
I i j { 

• 

I , 

l { 
J 

I 

, 1 I 

, LIGHTS & SIRENS 
Monday, Feb. 16 

2:31 a.m.: Officers arrested a 22-year-
old male nonaffiliate at Marshall Field for 
being drunk i it public. Subject rtjtcttd frlml 
detox. Transported to County Detrntion 
Fafi/ity. 

1:32 p.m.: Officers arrested a 43-year· 
old male nonaffiliate at 3200 LaJolia Village 
Dr. for failing to register as a sex offender. 
Trtlnsporttd to Cmtral Jail. 

5:06 p.m.: Officers arrested a 43-year-
old male nonaffiliate at 8800 Villa La Jolla 
Dr. for violation of restraining order and 
battery. Trtlmported to Cmtral Jilil. 

8:49 p.m.: A student reported the theft 
of a silver Honda Accord at Lot 357. Loss: 
$6,500. 

10:47 p.m.: Units responded to a vehicle 
fire at Lot 604. Unbrl1W1l CtlUSt. 

Tuesday, Feb. 17 . 
10:22 a.m.: A student reported the theft 

of a blue and silver Mongoose Roakadile 
mountain bike at Muir Aparunents. Loss: 
$180. 

12:32 p.m.: A student reported the theft 
of a grey Mongoose Maneuver bike at Muir 
Apartments. Loss: $180. 

Wednesday, Feb. 18 
11: 15 a.m.: A student reported the theft 

of a red B21 Huffy bike at Literature 
Building. Loss: $1;0, 

6:07 p.m.: Officers arrested a 19-year-
old male student at Foodworx for petty 

theft. Ciud tlnd rtletlStd. 

11:40 p.m.: Officers arrested a 34-year-
old male nonaffiliate at Expedition Way and 
North Torrey Pines Road for driving under 
the influence alcohol. Trtm>1Jorttd to Cotlmy 
Detention Ftlcility. 

Thursday, Feb. 19 
7:32 a.m.: A staff member reported the 

theft of personal items at Canyonvicw Pool. 
Loss: $160. 

6:30 p.m.: An II-year-old female nonaf-
filiate was reported missing from Muir 
Apartments. Subjm Wctlud tlnd returned to 
ptlrents. 

10: 15 p.m.: Officers arrested a 19-year-old 
male student for misuse of a handicap placard 
at Pangea Parking Structure. Cited tlnd rtlwrd. 

Friday, Feb. 20 
8:05 a.m.: Officers detained an II-year-

old female nonaffiliate at 9244 Regents Rd. 
for being a destitute minor. Trtl11Sported to 
Polinslry's Clinic by officer. 

1:47 p.m.: A student reported indecent 
exposure at Dance Building. 

Saturday, Feb. 21 
8:50 a.m.: A student reported burglary 

of a white Jeep Grand Cherokee at Gilman 
Parking Structure. Loss: $4,980. 

- Compiled by Bryan Tsao 
Associate News £ditm' 

Prop. A: Proponents claim measure 
will protect county's water, air 

continued fram page I 
within the city that would sell in the low to 
mid $200,000." 

However, some say that the initiative 
would actually contribute to housing prob-
lems in the region. According to Erik 
Bruvold, vice president and director of qual-
ity of life infrastructure issues in the San 
Diego Regional Economic Development 
Corporation, passing Proposition A would 
lead to fewer houses. 

" Less housing would be built and, there-
fore, housing will be that much more expen-
sive," said Bruvold, who also teaches urban 
studies and planning at UCSD. "So if stu-
dents are concerned about the high cost of 
housing and are scratching their heads 
thinking how they could ever afford to live 
in San Diego after they graduate, they would 
probably want to vote no on Prop. A." 

Proponents of the initiative, with 
endorsements from the San Diego City 
Council and other organizations, contend 
that the initiative will encourage developers 
to build more affordable housing in the city. 

"The 'Yes on N campaign has been 
endorsed by Affordable Housing Coalition in 
San Diego County," Koch said. "Everybody 
knows that prices are ridiculous out in the 
east county. But in the city, there can be 
brand new modern condominiums, where 
students might want to move into when they 
graduate." 

Opponents claim that the initiative 
would negatively affect farmers and would 
not actually deal with traffic, affordable 
housing and clean water problems. 
According to Executive Director of the San 

See INITIATIVE. Page 3 

MONDAY. FEBRUARY 23.2004 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

Initiative: Students will vote March 2 
continued from page :I 

Diego Farm Bureau Eric Larson, 
limited development would also 
mean limited jobs. 

"Despite the claims by the pro-
ponents about clean water, traffic, 
affordable housing, the initiative 
merely deals with parcel sizes that 
are extreme," Larson said. "For 
example, under Prop. A, creating 
two farms on 300 acres in some 
parts of the county would meet the 
definition of 'sprawl' and not be 
allowed." 

Larson also said that limited 
development would also mean lim-
ited jobs. 

.. A growth moratorium as advo-
cated by the Prop. A proponents 
would stifle job creation and drive 
up home prices, forcing graduates 
who would like to remain in this 
area to pursue their careers else-

where," Larson said . 
Supporters of Proposition A say 

that the initiative will actually cre-
ate jobs in San Diego because 
investors would be encouraged to 
come to existing urban areas. 
According to Eleanor Roosevelt 
College senior Carolyn Scullin, a 
volunteer for the "Yes for Prop. A" 
campaign, the initiative would not 
affect farmers negatively. 

"It protects rural lands from big 
money developers," Scullin said. "It 
rerones the area for land resources, . 
and protects watershed areas." 

Scullin also said that sprawl being 
built right now in the rural parts of 
the county is affecting taxpayers. 

"Taxpayers have had to pay for 
new infrastructure that goes along 
with the sprawl," Scullin said. "It 
has taken away mon!!y from 
improving our infrastructure that 

would serve existing communities." 
Some students are still not sure 

which way they will vote. 
"I'm kind of torn because I 

think it does hurt the farmers," 
John Muir College junior Brian 
Lauter said. "But I think I'd still 
vote for it because principally the 
idea or the theme of the initiative is 
an environmental thing and I sup-
port .that." 

Some students are taking a care-
ful look at who is for and against 
the proposition. 

"I'm against Prop. A, truthfully, 
because the unions are for it, and I 
don't agree much with the unions," 
Earl Warren College junior Dani 
Apgar said. "I think that blocking 
off sections will hurt fanners, and I 
think both sides have really valid 
points, but it", the lesser of two 
evils." 

Report: UC officials react to LAO plan 
continued from page I 

rently enrolls students outside the 
top 12.5 percent of each high 
school graduating class. According 
to the report, the university 
requires that students take the 
Scholastic Aptitude Test I or the 
A.C.T. . and at least three SAT. lis 
to be considered pan of the top 
12.5 percent. The same report 
showed that an additional 8 perc~nt 
of California high school graduates 
were eligible and had comparable 
grade point averages but did not 
take all the SA Ts. The report 
contends that because this 8 per-
cent is "lot counted amongst UC 
eligibles, the university currently 
admits many students outside of the 
tOP 12.5 percent and could still ful-
fill the Master Plan even if new . 
enrollment is reduced. 

According to Brown. the faculty 

has found that standardized testing 
is an important part of the evalua-
tion process. 

"The University of California 
has always used a combination of 
subjects. GPA and the appropriate 
college admissions tests," Brown 
said. "Just two years ago, the Board 
of Admissions and Relations with 
Schools undertook a review of the 
testing policy and thc} once again ' 
affirmed the important role of tests 
in establishing eligibility." 

The California Public Education 
Commission is expected to complete 
a report on university enrollment by 
May IS, after admission decisions 
for the current year are made. 

Under the legislative analyst's 
plan, the university would also redi-
rect admitted students to the com-
munity college system for two years. 
while in return guaranteeing admis-

sion to their first choice campus. 
According to Eisenman, voluntary 
enrollment in the community col-
lege system is already university 
poLicy. 

Eisenman said he was also con-
cerned about the legislature's role 
in determining eligibility require-
ments for the university. 

"For the university's entire histo-
ry, the Regents have held authority 
over admissions," Eisenman said. 
"They have delegated to UC facul-
ty, subject t(' approval, the authority 
to detennine who's eligible for the 
university .... It's OK for the state to 
set broad goals, but it's a problem 
for the state to set specific goals -
we don't see how it would help to 
take that away from the faculty. " 

The Feb. 13 report can be found 
at http://ururw.Urw.ftl.gov/2004/col-
lege_tlcctsI021304-,0IJegt-'lCcess.pdf 

I 

Lunch Buffet 
Dinner Buffet 

MON - WED 
THURS - SUN 

T~ste of h1~ia 
6780 Miramar Road 
San Diego, 92121 
858-566-0806 

MIr ••• , .... 

------------Lunch or Dinner 
Buffet 

Coupon Exp. 5/1/04 

I 
I 
I Ir. _____________ • 



·Getting what YOU pay for 

PINION A student argues that fees should not rise above the amount intitially . charged at the time of admission. page 6 MONDAY FEBRUARY 23, 2004 4 
Professors' political opinions provide worldly context 

By MARIANNE MADDEN 
Senior Staff Writer 

On the Web site for Nolndoctrination.org, 
"'1 nonprofit organization promoting open 
inquiry in academia," a tOL11 of eight com-
plaint originate from UCSD, the most out of 
any in titution listed on the site. It would 
appear that UCSD professors can't seem ro 
shut up about politics, and many students are 

ppo cd to this outspokenness. 
First and foremost, professors who let irrel-

evant political commentary infringe on the 
course's official subject matter do their stu-
uents a disservice. They were hired to teach 
the syllabus to the best of their abiliry, and that 
task should come before anything else . This 
View is reiterated in the UC Faculty Code of 
Conduct, which state that "significa nt intru-
sion of material unrelated to the course" is 
unacceptable. 

But what if a professor's politics are insert-
ed into the class in a more subtle way, one that 
docsn't compromise the instruction of the 
material' Here, the situation becomes compli-
cated. 

As sources of opinions go, professors are 
one of the best around. Professors, especially if 
they arc employed by 3 public urUversity, are 
often heavily involved with politics, and the 
subject matter of nearly every course has some 
political component. Furthermore, they are 
highly educated, have connections to other 
highly educated people and are presumably 
rational, critical, thoughtful people with an 
extraordinary interest in intellectual pursuits. 
These qualities are the basis for our reliance 
on professors to teach high-level subjects, and 
are also the framework for well-thought-out 
political opinions. As a member of the intellec-
tual elite, a professor who espouses his politi-
cal opinions in front of students is apt to have 
intelligent, well-researched opinions. 

But what to make of non-humanities pro-
lessors who espouse opinions in the class-
room? N; long as they sti ll cover the course's 

material, a dose of politics can learning opportunity. 
make an important contribution 
to the breadth of a student's edu-
cation. Students majoring in 
math or science may become 
insular in their coursework, and 
an intelligent discussion of poli-

PRO Why do people attend urUver-sity at all? To learn. Math, science - indeed all academic subjeets -exist in a political context. To dis-till math, say, to nothing more 
tics or current events can make 
them more well-rounded people 
and increase the meaning of their college edu-
cation. Going to college should entai l more 
than learning to do advanced math problems 
or the intricacies of quantum physic: It should 
entail being exposed to a wide range of opin-
ions, political and otherwise. 

The traditional university is a forum for 
intelligent, free-thi nking people who express 

and debate a whole spectrum of 
opinions, where viewpoints are 

challenged in light of new-
found information and 
insight. Intentionally 

quashing an aspect of this 
vision - that which comes 

from university professors -
is to deny students a 

l eg itimate 

than the manipulation of numbers 
is to do a disservice to both the 
subject and the students learning 

it. Connecting history to the presem day is a 
valuable teaching tool that good teachers ofren 
use to pique interest in students. The same 
applies to aU subjects. University classrooms 
are, by their very nature, political. And if any-
one is qual ifi ed to espouse a political opinion, 
its 3' university professor. 

However, the specifics of the present con-
troversy must be addressed. 

In reality, this debate is about 
more than professors' freedom 
to espouse opinions in class-
rooms. Complaints about 
"indoctrination," such as those 
listed on wwwNolndoctri-
natirm.org, are invariably of one 

type: conservative students com-
plaining about liberal professors. 

TIlls gives the argument 
an entirely 

new dimen-

it's not simply about professors expressing 
opinions, it 's about students getting upset 
about their professors holding opinions in 
opposition to theirs. 

It's natural to feel uncomfortable or offend-
ed when your opinion is challenged, and the 
feelings are intensified when an authority fig-
ure is doing the challenging in front of a cap-
tive audience of students. Bur let's be clear. 
Professors may have prestige on their side, but 
students have brains, ideologies and critica l 
thinking skills also; we still choose whether we 
accept or even listen to someone's opinion. 

Its a mistake to imply that professors have 
some sort of mind control over students and 
that they have any power whatsoever to even 
sway anyone's opinion. If a professor were to 
"crack jokes that bashed Bush and conserva-
tives," as a UCSD posti ng on 
NoIndoctrination.org's si te alleges, that's 
hardly going to persuade a Bush supporter to 
switch to a left-wing ideology. In fact, it does 
exactly the opposite: It creates a sense of indig-
nation in the student, which cements their ide-
ology. TIlls effect is heightened if the opinion 
seems particularly inappropriate, ignorant or 
radical, and is bound to happen if the profes-
sor's opinion is radically different from the stu-
dents'. 

In short, when people cry foul about pro-
fessors expressing opinions, they're grossly 
underestimating the power of college students 
to thinl:: for. themselves. Since these opponents 
are invariably conservative, the argument 
devolves into a disguised attack on left -wing 
ideology. They object to the idea of liberal 
viewpoints in a classroom. But exposure to an 
opposing viewpoint is eye-opening, not force-
feeding - and that goes for people of all polit-
ical persuasions. 

Students thrown into the political climate of 
a urUversity have the potential to evolve in their 
beliefs. But above all , a person's politics are 
inherited from ones parents and reinforced by 

See PRO, Page 5 

Public universities should not indoctrinate students 
By CHRIS TAYLOR 

Senior Staff Writer 

Bob Jones University in Greenville, S.C., 
is famous for its overt Christian fundamen-
talism. T he administration lifted the ban on 
interracial dating only four years ago. 
Students may face expulsion if they hold too 
divisive of an opinion. T he professors are 
nutorious for permeating every lecture hall 
with their message. While students choose to 
attend this university, they must endure bla-
tant indoctrination ill every class. 

One would hope that a federally-funded 
university like UCSD would be better than 
this. It is not. 

When professors take it upon themselves 
to use university time in order to campaign 
for their own causes, at the expense of the 
student, the university is no better than the 
Bob Jones extremists. Unfortunately, many 
UC D professors are guilty of this academic 
trespass . 

It is expensive enough to attend universi-
ties in this country, rega rdless of how the 
tuition is paid. Students have every right to 
receive the goods and services they have pur-
chased, that is, an educ;ltion in the subject 
matter of thei r choice. When the subject 
drifts toward excessive opinion, or more 
commonl y, if the professor is actively indoc-
tri nating the stl.ldents, the student is receiv-
ing a faulty product, and the professor is 
throwing his acauemic integrity out the win-
dow. 

Acade llli c integrity, above all, should be 
the most illlporrant facet of lea rning. In sci-
cmilit: experimentation, any hypothesi tcst-

and that it is most important to ed with a slant toward a hoped-
for expectation may not be 
trusted or deemed valid. The 
lecture hall should be no differ-
ent. 

This apparently is of no con-
cern to many professors. As 

(ON understand what America did wrong, rather than what the ter-rorists did wrong. While this viewpoint is one shared by a por-
tion of the world, and thus should 

many students at even apathetic 
UCSD already understand, 
most professors intend to present their view-
point on the subject matter in the best possi-
ble light. Other professors will even refuse to 
present another viewpoint, destroying any 
semblance of diversity of opinion. Most bla-
tantly, some professors will change the topic 
or explicitly form a tangent in order to pro-
vide the soapbox for the viewpoint that they 
wish to preach. 

The first form of indoctrination, least 
unethical but the most costly to the student, 
is when the professor teaches, or rants, on a 
subject completely unrelated to the course 
subject matter. This is robbing students of 
what they pay for so dearly, an education in 
the area they choose. If any subject matter is 
missed as a result of a biased tangent, this is a 
negligence of the subject matter that these 
professors supposedly hold dear. In other 
words, the professor is being paid to give 
their own viewpoints, while robbing the stu-
dents of their tuitions that should be spent 
on, very specifically, course information. 

Some professors are known to willfully 
exclude other viewpoints. One poignant 
example is the absurd upper-division sociolo-
gy class titled "September 11 th and ' its 
Aftermath ." This cl ass exclusively promotes 
the idea that America deserved the attacks, 

be taught, to exclude other view-
points is extremely unethical. at 
best. 

N; an obvious parallel, if an instructor 
willfully ignores a valid viewpoint in order to 
advance an agenda, that instructor is no dif-
ferent than the Catholic Church censoring 
Galileo and his findings. The Church 
believed that Galileo was teaching science 
contradictory to Scripture, and thus his find-
ings were invalid. Many contemporary pro-
fessors proceed in exactly the same way. If a 
viewpoint opposes their own, it is considered 
invalid and excluded from the teaching. 

For example, many small Christian high 
schools prohibit the teaching of evolution, 
because the administrations feel it is an 
invalid idea . This not only hurts students of 
biology hoping to excel in college, it is 
undoubtedly infuriating to science professors 
who know evolution's validity. 

The worst trespass, though, should be 
levied against those professors in the unique 
position of teaching freshmen, who are 
impressionable and often idolize the sup-
posed brilliance of their instructors. Those 
lecturers, who use fundamental, lower-divi-
sion courses in order to promote their agen-
da, are truly opposed to any idea of intellec-
tual dignity. Even worse, indoctrinating 
freshman discourages them for ever thinking 
for themselves, dooming these students to 

become puppets to any rhetoric that comes 
their way. 

While every professor should strive to 
present all sides of an issue, it is understand-
able that some viewpoints will be underrep-
resented. N; of now, both "creation science" 
and the related "intelligent design" theory 
are given little to no time in science courses. 
While proponents of these theories may 
protest this (perhaps correctly), professors do 
need to use their time judiciously to cover at 
least the intended material. With only \0 
weeks of classes, professors cannot afford to 
be bogged down by every possible point of 
view. 

And despite the extremely politicized 
nature of professors, and their tendency 
toward a unified slant, this is not a political 
issue. The professors at Bob Jones University 
that still support the far-right indoctrination 
of their students are just as deplorable as the 
public university professors preaching from a 
left-wing standpoint. 

However, public university professors do 
have public money behind them. So, unfor-
tunately, taxpayers are paying for the soapbox 
that these professors stand on. 

Professors have a very difficult responsi-
bility to keep their classrooms beacons of 
academic integrity. It is not an easy task to 
keep one's opinions out of the melee of lec-
ture halls. Regardless, students ~houldn't 
have to wonder what argument they are miss-
ing when they look to their professors for an 
education. Since our instructors are supposed 
t(} be the most intelligent people that our 
country has to offer, it is a great shame that 
they cannot do ~ny better. 

MON DAY, FEBRUARY 2), 2004 THE UCSO GUARDIAN 

Nation's schools face internal challenges 
Big Sister 
Caire J. Vannette 

A merka is facing new societal challenges and, as usual, the pundits are blaming our 
schools. 

In the New York Times a couple 
uf weeks ago, Nicholas Kristof 
argued that the nation's current 
outsourcing "crisis" - in which 
technology, service -and Icnowledge-
based jobs are being lost to India 
and China - is rooted in our "sec-
ond-rate education system." 

mer is to willfully ignore the actual 
cause of the current rise in out-
sourcing: bare, naked economics. 

Why pay an American $50,000 a 
year to process X-rays when you 
can pay an Indian half that? Why 
shell out the $40 per hour an 
American citizen might ask for as a 
network administrator, when a 
recently arrived Chinese national 
will gladly take $25? 

There are college graduates 
well-versed in math and science all 
over the United States who have yet 
to find work in these fields, like the 
tech-head casualties of the dot-com 
bust and my roommate who gradu-
ated in August with a degree in eco-
nonlics and whose 
only prospects are 
data entry and 

" 

should fill our children's heads with 
information: equations, names, 
dates, discoveries, literary refer-
ences - in short, all the things with 
which one should be familiar if one 
is to get a job and participate in our 
democratic society. 

On the other hand, there are 
some who see schools' purpose not 
as filling an empty glass, but rather 
molding the vessel itself, developing 
critical, inquisitive minds well-
versed in problem solving and cre-
ative thinking. 

There should be a happy medi-
um. However, politics, as it is wont 
to do, has divided the twO sides with 
the sharp edge of legislation and 

His Indian fri end, Kristof writes, 
"notes that in his native Bangalore, 
children learn algebra in elemen-
tary school. All in all, he says, the 
average upper-middle-class child in 
Bangalore finishes elementary 
school with a better grounding in 
math and science than the average 
kid in the U.S ." 

retail. \¥e don't 
have a shortage of 
qualified American 
workers, we have a 
glut of foreign-
born workers who 
will work for less. 

Frankly, I'm not 
convinced this out-
sourcing crisis is a 
crisis at all. And 

... many kids are 
graduating without 

knoWedge ar understanding 
of basics like the U. S. 

public funding. 
The push for 
standards-
based reform, 
such as that 
evident in 
President 
Bush's No 
ChiJd Left 
Behind Act, 
wants to make 
sure children 
are on the right There's no sense in denying that 

the American education system, 
public or private, is producing stu-
dents who are outperformed in 
math and science by students in 
ma ny other countries. A recenr 
study placed American kids 19th in 
the world in math per(onnancc -
"behind Latvia." Articles about the 
stud)' quickly point this out, as 
though we should be horri fied at 
the thought of being beaten by a 
tiny former Soviet state. 

Constitution. " 

Yes, the top six performers on 
this study were all Asian countries. 
Yes, we're losing job in the tech 
sector to these same Asian coun-
tries, and to immigrants who hail 
from these countries and come to 
the United State on 1I1 -B visa. 
But to blame til e latter on the ~ r-

whether or not protectionism is the 
answer (I'm inclined to think not) is 
an issue for the politicians to sort 
out. But lets not lay this perceived 
social ill at the feet of our schools. 

We should be concerning our-
selves with a more philosophical 
question about educa tion in 
America: the purpose of schooling, 
especially public chool. It's not 
enough anymore to si mply say that 
schools exist to educate our chil-
dren and prepare them for adult-
hood, because it's clear that there 
are two polarized stances on what it 
means to do that. 

On the one hand, we have those 
who see the public schools as great 
repositories of knowledge, which 

choose from our diverse 
and healthy menu 
includ!ng sandwiches, pastries, 

soup, coffee, bagels, and tea 

check your email 
while you eat 

save mOneYwithour 
specials, punch cards, and coupons 

all at the 

track in acquir-
ing information. Districts imple-
ment high-stakes tests and fact-
based teaching, which many educa-
tors deplore for taking classroom 
time away from more esoteric, 
experience-based learni ng. Should 
science textbooks limit experiments 
to 25 percent of students' time, 
instead devoting resources to mas-
tering the facts of chemistry and 
biology' Or should teachers try to 
inspire in students a love of the sub-
jeCt, and an understanding that can 
only come from firsthand interac-
tion \vi th the concepts? 

Obviously, the American public 
school system is system.atically fail -
ing to meet either of these goa ls 
with any consistency. Even in well -

g.LQDYo~ua!;a91fg 
[monday - thursday) 

7:30am - 7:00pm 
[friday) 

7:30am - 5:00pm 
[saturday) 

9:00am - 2:00pm 

the caffe 
(858]534_5272 

daily specials 
(858)822_2050 

r---------------
I grove caffe 858·534-5272 

Bring in this COU!lO" before 
11 am and get a FREE Medium 

Coffee when you buy any Pastry 
or Bagel. 

I 0 
I ______ -----~~~ 

heeled suburban schools, many kids 
are graduating without knowledge 
or understanding of basics like the 
U.S . Constitution. Many come to 
selective universities like UCSD 
with a rudimentary understanding 
of grammar and only the barest 
notion of how to write coherently. 
And the number of science-phobic 
humanities majors, who must have 
coasted through high school biolo-
gy by answering everything wi th 
"ATP" (which will get you a sur-
prisingly high grade, actually) is 
shocking. 

I won 't even start on the acade-
mic conditions at less fortunate 
high schools in rural or inner-city 
settings. To do so would be to 
expose my most una bashedly leftist 
reform proposal: to radically 
restructure the funding of public 
schools, so property taxes are 
divvied and distributed at the starr 
level, and all students, regardless of 
what kind of neighborhood they 
live in, get the same amount of 
public money devoted to their edu-
cation. Such pie-in~the-sky imagin-
ings are hardly germane to the 
issue of driving educational philos-
ophy. 

It's probably too much to ask 
for any sophisticated political dis-
course to take place during an 
election year. However, I hope 
that once the dust has settl ed and 
our new president has been cho-
sen. he will open to thorough 
scrutiny the question of American 
public educa tion: Is it sti ll rele-
vant, and if so, what should its 
guiding principles be' It 's a discus-
sion we can't afford not to have-
but one many of us may be ill-pre-
pared to lead. 

Claire can be reached between 
benders, bookishness and babysit-
ting at cjvannette@hotmoilcom. 

OPINION 5 

Pro: Discussion 
is important 

col1linlted from page 4 
life experiences. Being won over by 
liberalism takes more than a liheral 
professor or slanted course materia ls. 

It seems that ri ght-wing profe -
sors either don't exist, aren't vocal 
about politics, or are unchallenged 
when they do voice their opinions. 
Because of tllis apparent imbalance 
in professors' politics, this contro-
versy is one-sided and difficult to 
settle. It's clear, though, that stu-
dents and professors alike would 
benefit from having a more lllulti -
faceted discussion of politic ' in the 
classroom. Since the li beral ideology 
is already present in the typica l uni-
versity classroom, and nothing can 
make it go away, we might as well 
encourage the conservative view-
point to be heard also. 

In a uni versity like UCSD, set in 
a relatively conservative area such 35 
San Diego, professors can hardly 
expect to get away with having one-
dimensionally liberal courses. Such 
courses might make liberal students 
happy, but they simply galvanize 
con erva tive students ag'linst 
opposing political viewpoints, the 
professor and the course. II does all 
students a lisservice by unfai rly 
representing the material. As an 
anon),lnOU student wrote on the 
NoIndoctrination.org site, "\¥hile 
there is nothing wrong with learn-
ing the leftist (in tllis case c.'(a.l'."vf~Y 
leftist) viewpoint, it is 1101 OK to 
omit the other side of the story." 

Telling b6th sides of tlle . tory, 
not entirely removing politics from 
the classroom, should be the goal of 
all educators. Prolessors will al"':I\,s 
have a bias, but they still have :in 
obligation to teach ' tl1eir course;. 
and, if their politics have a direcl 
bearing on the coursc's materia l. tu 
acknowledge the existing range of 
opinion. 



6 OPINION 

WtI "" .. , ... ,"1Jj".. 
BR ING IN THIS AD FOR "", ... 1ft."",.,.,..., _ ,,.,.,, .. ,~ it ~_ •• _,..,.nKJ III fisc.." 

. .. """lIAIfJIIIy 

Donate your H ir to locks of Love 
oj L.J.-t!) 

March 1-5, 2004: 10am-1pm 
More info? Contact Diana Hang at ihang@ucsd.edu 

Event sponsored by UCSD Student Life, 
a department of Student Affairs 

.!ll;, Ilk j'Nf for showin~an Diego 
how much (/ (r.JrI ' (.)({ 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

~ I LETTER TO THE EDITORS 
Fees should be locked 
in at time of admission 
Editor: 

The UC Board of Regents hikes 
in tuition and fees and a proposed 
$.185 per-wlit pena lty should not 
have to be paid by continuing stu-
dents. When a student enters the 
universi ty, he or she should be 
under the acadelruc standards and 
fees of that year (and term of study 
al the university). Then when a 
change occurs, the incoming class 
should have that as a standard. 

For many of the students at the 
university, it is very difficult to pay 

the bills, let alone to determine the 
actual cost of attending the universi-
ty due to increases in costs. This is a 
very real and important issue that 
the student body and administration 

MONDAY. FEBRUARY 23 , 2004 

should consider - and any student 
advocacy groups should fight for. 

- Benjamin Jolm Carter 
Fktmor Roosrodr Colkgr Jvphumore 

College councils pass the buck 
Concerts' financial burdens unequally born 

ByIW ROIGA 
Staff Writer 

UCSD's social life needs a boost. 
The school puts on events to further 
this cause but, unfortunately, the 
turnout is often meager while the 
costs are substantial and unevenly 
distributed among students. 

The Sun God Festival is an 
incredibly expensive undertaking, 
co~ting upwards of $250,000 some 
years. Although this is a large sum, it 
is a justifiable one considering the 
festival's ability to attract a campus-
wide audience. 

However, smaller, less popular 
concerts also receive large contribu-
tions from the A.S. Council and the 
six college councils - most of which 
have passed their own fee referenda. 
The free Rock n' Roosevelt event on 
Feb. 6, for t:l'ample, received $3,000 
from the A.S. Council, as well as 
approximately S 12 ,000 from 
Eleanor Roosevelt College fee refer-
endum funds. Other colleges, whose 
students had equal access to the con-
cert, contributed significantly small-
er amounts. The Student Council at 
ERC could request only $75 from 
each of the other five UCSD col-
leges, as some, like Earl Warren 
College, don't have fee referenda 
that allow them to contribute to such 
events. Other college councils, 
despite being flush with nmds from 
referenda, specifically limit how 
much money they can contribute 
toward another college's events. 

Such unequal distribution of 
co ts imposes heavy burdens on the 
college hosting a free event. ERC 
absorbed the majority of the $14,500 
bill for putting on Rock n' 

Roosevelt, but students from 
Warren, whose student council con-
tributed about $50, had the same 
access to the concert. Furthermore, 
because college cOlUltil funds are 
being employed to fund these 
events, most students are paying for 
concerts that they never attend. 
Similarly, AS. allocations come from 
fees paid by every student, further 
imposing costs on a majority of peo-
ple who do not attend free on-cam-
pus concerts. 

Such free-riding expand beyond 
the non-hosting colleges. Individuals 

" ... UCSD students are 
essentially running a 

charity service for punk 
and rock fans in San 

Diego." 
who do not pay school fees are able 
to enjoy free concerts courtesy of 
UCSD students. Browsing online 
message boards indeed reveals that 
UCSD students are essentially run-
ning a charity service for punk and 
rock fans in San Diego. 

The solution, however, is nor to 
force Warren, or any other college, 
to fund an event planned and orga-
nized by ERe. Nor should UCSD 
close its events to outside audiences. 
There should exist, however, some 
system that ensures that the hosting 
colleges, the A.S. Council and the 
nonattending students do not bare 

such a disproportionate load of the 
burden for providing a concert that 
benefits all students and off-campus 
partici pants. 

One clear solution is to have the 
concerrgoers fund a part of such 
events themselves. Even a small sur-
charge woul d ease tile burden on the 
A.S. Council and the hosting col-
lege. A $5 cover charge for Rock n' 
Roosevelt, for instance, would have 
generated some $4,000, assuming 
payment from the estimated . 800 
tudents who were most interested 

in the concert and stayed for its 
duration. Furthermore, if a system 
could be created that charged more 
for non-UCSD students who attend 
the concerts, and who are obviously 
devoted fans willing to pay, even less 
financi al weight would fallon the 
shoulders of college referendum fees 
and A.S. allocations. 

Such policy would have the side 
effect of decreasing turnout to on-
campus events. Indeed, such a reac-
tion would prove counterproductive 
to the goal of increasing socia I inter-
action at UCSD. However, the 
number of people that stayed 
throughout Rock n' Roosevelt sug-
gests that such events would be far 
from empty, especially if fees were 
kept low. Charging admission would 
also motivate colleges to put on bet-
ter, more popular shows that draw a 
larger and more campuswide paying 
base, and minimize the production 
of costly and unpopular shows that 
benefit fewer individuals while 
imposing high costs on nonpartici-
pants. . 

UCSD CENTER FOR THE HUMANITIES ... Continuing the Dialogue ... 

If the demand were immense and 
students were cOlrung out in droves 
to these on-campus concerts, strong 
arguments could be made for con-
tinuing their support through fee 
referendums and A.S. allocations. 
More pressure could be placed on 
colleges not directly involved jn the 
planning of such events to provide 
more monetary compensation to the 
host college. 

The UCSD Cenler for the Humanities presents: INTUmON AND 
UNDERSTANDING: Creativity. Research. U1d the Arts at UCSD. 

In a series of presentations from February 11 - March 17, 2004, UCSD Arts 
faculty will explore and demonstrate the convergence of intuition and research in 
crealing art. developing new art forms, and seeking an understanding of creative 

processes and perceptual responses to art. The third presentation will be by: 

Ruben Ortiz Torres UCSD ProJmor oJVisual Arts 
"Resident Alien in Secondary Inspection" 

I use different media (photography. video. film, painting, baseball caps, cu.tom can, leaf 
blower machines, lawn mowers, puppet shows, writing and more) 10 explore and participale 
in linguistic. aesthetic. social. and other collisions of an and culture in the shifting conte~t 
of the New World Dis/Order. My work interacJS with the cultural and iconographic postnationa! 
chaos. It does more than compile evidence of the processes of mutual distortion thai define 
diffe rent kinds of inlernational and cultural relations. It also documents the ultrabaroque 
ways of aesthelic production that have emerged from the global praclice of cultural 
mislnterpretalion.Seduction is in dir~t proportion with the degree in which the political 
hybridizes with the popular and infects media. This eclectic art is a product of an inevitable 
miscegenation and celebrates the beauty of the impure. 

This enterprise rejects simplistic binary oppositions such as the general and the specific 
or the global and the regional . Nationalisms as well as so-called 'in ternational ' puriSt 
fonnalism, are both dogmatic ways of exclusion. It is a model that hopefully will enable 
me to partiCipate and respond to the different worlds J inhabit recognizing thai our identities 
are Ouid and ever changing: that the buman cognitive process is an unsUlble conaleU.tion 
of webs, fusions. and hybrids. 

My artistic goal is actually a very simple bUI demanding one. 1\ is to create culture. I 
hope to make an as a responsible exercise of freedom . 

Feb. 25, 2004, 7:30pm 
Institute of the Americas, Copley Auditorium 

FREE AND OPEN TO THE PUBLIC. Par additional information please caU 858-534-0999 
or visi t our web site at http://humctr.ucsd.edul 

The UCSD Center for the Humanities p=ents: De H ..... da DIaIopes, 
a series of lectures and convenations on important and current issues. 

Naomi Oreskes UCSD Profmor of History 
Comments and QUt!slions by RidIanI So.enllle, Professor of Meteorology, 

Scripps Institution of Oceanography. UCSD 
"Consensus in science: 

How do we know we're not wrong?" 
Scientific knowledge is the intellectual and social consensus of affiliate expens, based 
on the weight of empirical evidence and evaluated according to accepted methodologies. 
Bul how do we know that "ur current consensus is correct? Long-slanding efforu by 
scientists, philOllOpllers, historians, and sociologists of science to identify methodological, 
evidentiary or performance standards that ensure the accuracy of scientific claims have 
failed to provide a dermitive answer to the question: how do we Icnow we're not wrong? 
Moreover, the hislory of science illustrates cases in which prior consensus bas been 
found 10 be incorrect. A telling example of this is the theory of continental drift. One 
reason scientists resisted continental drift in the early twentieth century involves the 
role of mathematically simplifying assumptions in scientific models. Given the prominent 
role of models in current climate science, we would do well to consider the following 
questions: (s any significant line of evidence being ignored? Is there an alternative 
model that isn 't being considered? H we did consider these data and models. might we 
come to a significantly different conclusion? At present, it appears thlt the IDSwer 10 
these questions is no, and thll climate science provides I robust basis for action. Science 
does not give us certainty, bUI it may nevertheless give us wbat we need. 

Feb. 26, 2004, 7:30pm 
Peterson Hall, RooDlllO 

FREE AND OPEN TO 11fI! PUBLIC. For additional information please call 8S8-S34.Q999 
or visit our web site at IIHp:1I1l..v.1ICId *' 

The majority of these events 
are, at most, popular only in rela-
tion to the weak UCSD social 
scene. The unpopularity of some 
concerts is not an excuse to throw 
up a white flag and surrender to 
anti-social forces . Muirstock, 
Marshallpalooza, and Rock n ' 
Roosevelt do stimulate social activ-
ity at UCSD. But some changes 
shou ld be made when deciding 
how to pay for these events. New 
funding methods should rely more 
on the participants of a concert, 
epecially non-students. 

T hese methods may involve 
focusing fu nds on a smaller number 
of events, but this would ensure that 
only those performances reaching a 
large number of UCSD students 
would receive money that all stu-
dents have contributed. Less popular 
performances would still receive 
financial support, but would be more 
reliant on participants to make up 
the difference. These reforms would 
lead to a more fair and efficient dis-
tribution of the costs and benefits of 
free on-campus events. 

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 2004 

Conference: Legal expert 
discusses landmark cases 

comin\U!d from page I 
on sexual orientation. This kind of 
behavior, quite clearly, certainly 
has no place in a university ... it 
has no place in any society that is 
founded on principles of justice 
and human rights." 

Andrea Arguelles, student co-
chair of the UCLGBTIA confer-
ence, spoke of the origin of the 
conference's theme, "Through the 
Looking Glass." 

"I think it's because it provides 
so much room for interpretation 
and is an ideal theme for a confer-
ence that aims to characterize a 
diverse, growing group of people," 
Arguelles said. "It actually symbol-
izes the complexity of queer issues 
really well ... [Lewis Carroll's book 
"Through the Looking Glass") 
embodies a much more in-depth 
perception of the world confronted 
and how Alice chooses to deal with 
the nonsense of everything and 
most importantly, her identity with-
in it all." 

Following opening remarks, 
Mitchell Katine, a parmer with the 
Texas law firm William, Bimberg, 
& Andersen, L.L.P., delivered the 
Nicholas Papadopoulos Endowed 
Lectureship. 

Throughout his speech, Katine 
referred to various historical court 
decisions in the United States, both 
state and federal, that discriminated 
against homosexuals. The focaJ 
point of his talk was the 1986 U.S. 
Supreme Court decision of Brrwerr v. 
Hardwick, which he said exempted 
gay and lesbian people from the 
protections of the U.S. 
Constitution. That decision ·was 
recently overturned in the case of 
Lawrmcr v. Ttxas on June 26, 2003, 
in which a Texas statute banning 
homosexual sodomy was declared 
unconstitutional. 

..... Government officials and law 
enforcement had been protecting 
people and enforcing rights of peo-
ple, save and except gay and lesbian 
people; thank goodness that is no 
longer the case," Katine said. "That 
burden that has been used to keep 
gay and lesbian people down is no 
longer there - that means your 
future ,and the future of my children 
are going to be free of that terrible 
decision to go forward and do 
things." 

Katine also stressed the necessi-
ty for activists, college students and 
the younger generation as a whole 
to take an interest in any injustices 
to the gay and lesbian community 
and act to change them. 

"It is very important for you to 
understand that this is real life; 
these things I'm talking about 
affect real people," Katine said . 
"We're not in a class examining 
esoteric issues .. . I want you to 
think about how this is impacting 
your lives and the lives of other 
people. These things are real and 
you have an opportunity like no 
other generation has had to do 
something about it." 

The conference featured many 
activities in its three-day span. 
Participants spent Feb. 21 partak-
ing in five workshop sessions, 
watching movies at Price Center 
Theatre and a attending a late-
night "Alice in Wonderland" 
Dance in Price Center Ballroom. 
The conference concluded on the 
morning of Feb. 22 with a sixth 
and final workshop session. Each 
participant could choose from 
approximately ten different pro-
grams for each session. 

"I found it to be a ve.ry comfort-
able atmosphere," Revelle Colleg.e 
sophomore Geraldine Lin said. 
"Everyone was very accepting." 

for the 
Design the new UCSD 

Alumni Association t-shirt and 
enter to win some great prizes! 
Contest rules and submission 
guidelines are available online at 

alumni.ucsd.edu. 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN NEW 7 

Senators: Resignations corne late in year 
continued from page I 

nations were not abnormal. 
"It happens every year," 

Gallagher said. "Different things 
come up in peoples' families, 
[things] happen in their lives and 
they can't handle the amount of 
time it takes to commit." 

Rosenfeld said that he resigned 
because he accepted too many 
responsibi li ties outside of the A.S. 
Council. 

"Some of my friends came up 
and asked me if! resigned because 
of all the tension that is in A.S. 
and all the arguing over the past 
few weeks," Rosenfeld said. 
"Thad. not the reason at aiL" 

Corell said that her reasons for 
leaving the council were personal 
and not related to the council itself. 

"I think that it's a funny coinci-
dence that all of these resignations 
have happened in the same time-
frame, even though, [after) talking 
with the other senators, I know 
that we all love A.S. dearly and 
want to support it as much as we 
can," Corell said . 

Some of the senators who 
have resigned continue to be 
involved in the A.S. Council in 
other ways. 

Bowen is now an assistant in 
the A.S. Finance Office where she 
assists the vice president finance 
in contacting organizations who 
have requested A.S . funding. 

"1 think it's really important to 
keep people around on the third 
floor [of Price Center) who have a 
knowledge of history and a 
knowledge of procedure," Bowen 
said. 

Bowen resigned in late 
November 2003, saying she 
believed that sh e had learned all 
that she could from th e A.S. 
Council. However, Bowen's 
replacement was not installed 
until the Feb. 18 A.S. Council 

meeting. 
Warren College Student 

Council Chair Tim Alexander said 
that it took two rounds of applica-
tions and personal invitations 
before a new junior senator was 
identified. 

"IGrsten was a special case 
because it's been extremely hard to 
find any third-years from Warren 
who want the iunior senator posi -
tion," Alexander said. 

After a senator resigns, it is up 
to that senator's college council to 
appoint a replacement. The 
appointment process usually 
involves a publicized application 
period followed b}' interviews by 

" I feel like anyone who 
comes in learns the ropes 

and gets the hang of 
things pretty quickly." 

-JemPlle, 
AS. \Ike Plesident Irttemal 

an appointments committee, 
although the bylaws of each col-
lege council vary. 

David Goodwin, chair of 
Student Council at Eleanor 
Roosevelt College, said that he 
hopes to appoint a replacement as 
soon as possible for Rosenfeld . 

The resignations come only 
weeks before UCSD students will 
be asked to choose new represen-
tatives in the A.S. Council and 
college council elections. 

In the interim, the senators 
who have stepped in to replace 
those who have resigned, gain 
firsthand experience in student 
government. 

"At first, I was a little nervous 
because it's kind of intimidating," 
Revelle Sophomore SenatOr 
Ashley Aluisi said. "1 didn't want to 
make any decision on anythi ng 
that I didn 't feel well-educated 
abom." 

Aluisi called the appointment 
procedure "a good process to go 
through," and says that it is good 
to be knowledgeable abom what is 
happening at a college and cam-
puswide level. 

"I think that the A.S. Council 
has a lot of good ideas coming 
up," Aluisi said. "I'm so excited 
and I'm so glad I get to be a part 
of all of it." 

A.S. Vice President Internal 
Jenn Pae said she felt that while it 
is always sad when a senator 
resigns, but it also allows space for 
someone with new ideas and ener-
gy to become involved with the 
A.S. Council. 

"I feel like anyone who comes in 
learns the ropes and gets the hang 
of things pretty quickly," Pae said. 

Even though five senators have 
stepped down this term, no execu-
tive officers or commissioners 
have resigned. 

"Usually there's one person in 
the cabinet who's lagging ... but 
this year has been really im pres-
sive," Gallagher sa id . "This yea r 
has been absolutely amazing, 
which i ... very shocking." 

In addition to the senators, for-
mer executive secretary Tracy 
Phillips, former marketing coordi -
nator Tracy Davee and former 
A.S. advisor Paul DeWine have 
left the A.S. Council during the 
last year. 

"[Resignations) impact the 
council, but the institution is so 
set, it's not too disruptive," 
Gallagher said. "The people that 
have replaced [the senators), 
they're on top of their stuff." 

FINANCIAL AID NOTICE 

2004-2005 
F AFSA DEADLINE: 

ARCH 
Reapply today to receive full consideration for UCSD awards, 

Complete your Renewal FAFSA on the Web at 
www.fafsa.ed.gov. 

Designs must be submitted to the Alumni Association 
at 202 University Center by Wednesday, March 3. 

To access your renewal FAFSA data, use your · 
Department of Education PIN mailed to your FAFSA 
address or request a duplicate Department of Education 
PIN at www.pin.ed.gov. 

If your parents are required to sign the FAFSA, 
they may also request a PIN in lieu of submitting 

_lamnIOucld.adu 
18581 534-3900 

a FAFSA signature page. . 

DON't MISS OUT ON FINANCIAL AID NEXT YEAR. 

APPLY ON TIME BY 
MARCH 2, 2004! 



8 AMr U CALENDAR 

MON. FEB. 23 
AR TS 

Espresso Roma Presents Annie Rapid, 
7pm @ Espresso Roma in Price Center. 
Enjoy the acoustic alternative rock 
sounds of Annie Rapid while you relax 
in Espresso Roma. 
Closing Reception for "Tbe Art of 
Christin Turner'" Exhibit. 7pm @ Price 
Center Gallery B. Exhibit will be on dis-
pl<l¥ from 7am·midnight through 
Thursday, Feb. 26th. 
An Exhibition of Photos by Visual Arts 
seniors libcra Cirayc·Blum and 
Sarah Thomas, 12·5 @ Mandeville 
Annex Gallery. Photographs taken in 
North Park document the changing 
structures and faces of buildings as they 
undergo construction. Exhibit will be on 
display through 2/27. 

CAR EER 

On-camera: Practice Interviews for 
Employment, llam·lpm @ Career 
Services Center. Practice responding to 
actual interviewing questions while 
being video taped. Receive constructive 
feedback from expert career advisors 
and other participants. Learn effective 
interviewing approaches by observing 
other participants handling a variety of 
typical interviewing questions. Limited 
space. Sign up in advance. 534.3750 

C LUBS 

All-campus Transfer Association 
General Body Meeting, 7pm @ Center 
220. Meetings will be held every other 
Monday and are open to transfer stu· 
dents from all six colleges. 

TUES. FEB. 24 
AR T S 

An Exhibition of Photos by Visual Arts 
senior libcra Circzyc-Blum, 12·5 @ 
Mandeville Annex Gallery 

CAR EER 

Graphic Arts and Multimedia career 
Options, 3pm @ Career Services 
Center. leam about different graphic 
arts and multimedia artist career possi-
bilities such as graphic designer and 
multimedia illustrator. Learn about the 
daily activities and academic prepara· 
tion needed to enter this field. learn 
about the job market & best ways to 
enter the field as a graphic artist 
534.3750 

L ECTURES 

"Tough cases: Aids and Truth-Telling", 
12·1 pm @ Stein 148. Please join fellow 

How to get published in the 

CAMPUS 
CALENDAR 

Guardian Campus Calendar 
submissions may be turned in at the 

Guardian office, upstairs in the 
Student Center, or faxed to 

(858)534-7691. 
If email ed, please send to 

act.ouc:sdgu.,dIIIn.org and 
specify that it is a calendar 

submission. late email submissions 

will not be published. 

Deadline Is 3pm Thursct.y. 

T HE U D uUARDIAN 

for the week of 
Feb. 23 to Feb. 29 
medical and science students for a free 
lunch and discussion of ethical issues in 
medicine and scientific research. RSVP 
at claporte@ucsd.edu. 
lecture on Aerodynamics and Radng, 
6pm @ ERC Great Hall. Lecture given by 
Professor Joseph Katz of SDSU. 
Sponsored by UCSD Society of 
Automotive Engineers. Refreshments 
will be served. 

R ECREATION 
----

Cinemaddicts ~ SQry Movie 3, 
7 & lOpm @ Price Center Theater. I n the 
third installment of the Scary Movie 
franchise, Cindy has to investigate mys-
terious crop circles and video tapes, and 
help the President in preventing an 
alien invasion. Starring Pamela 
Anderson, Jenny McCarthy , Charlie 
Sheen, and many more. Only $3! 

WED. FEB.1S 
AR T S 

Pub After Dark Presents Alfred 
Howard and the K-21 Orchestra, 
7:30pm @ the Stage Room at Porter's 
Pub. Enjoy this free show with lots of 
great music! 
An Exhibition of Photos by Visual Arts 
seniors libcra Circzyc-Blum and Sarah 
Thomas, 12·5 @ Mandeville Annex 
Gallery 
New Writing Series Presents Terry 
Calloway, 4:30pm @ Visual Arts 
Performing Space. Sponsored by the 
Department of Literature and UEO. 

LE CTURES 

CSE Recruitment Talk, II am @ APM 
4301. Speaker: Luca Cartoni, UC 
Berkeley. Discussion of Correct-by-
Construction Design Methods for 
Heterogeneous Distributed Systems. 

R ELIGIOUS 

Ash Wednesday service, 12pm @ the 
Great Hall. Come join us for an ecu-
menical prayer service on campus. 
Open to everyone. 
http://orpheus.ucsd.edu/csa{ 

THURS. FEB. 26 
ART S 

Eurydice, Spm @ Mandell Weiss Forum. 
Written by Sarah Dart Ruhl and directed 
by Daniel Fish. Eurydice is a sassy, sen· 
sual retelling of the Orpheus and 
Eurydice Greek myth, told th is time 
from Eurydice's point of view. 
Sponsored by UCSD Department of 
Theatre and Dance. 
An Exhibition of Photos by Visual Arts 
senior libcra Circzyc-Blum, 12·5 @ 
Mandeville Annex Gallery 

CAR EER 

UCOC Program Info session, 12:30· 
1:30pm @ Career Se rvices Center. Want 
to work in D.e. and get credit for it? 
Learn more about how to participate in 
the UCDC Program, which allows stu-
dents in all majors to both intern and 
study in Washington, D.e. 534-3750 
Law School: Preplration • the 
ApplicMion Process, 2pm @ Career 
Services Center. Find out flom UCSD's 
pre·law advisors how to prepare for and 
apply to law schools and how the 

admissions process works. lean about 
the Law School Admission Test and the 
resources which can help you pick 
schools and write your application 
essay. 534-3750 

CLUBS 

Is Speech Free? 6:30pm @ Ocean View 
lounge. Speech, war, democracy, reli· 
gion, politics .. . do you have something 
to say about these topics but lack the 
forum? The Students United Network is 
a new collective promoting discussion 
from a wide variety of perspectives on 
such issues. All students are welcome! 
Co-sponsored by the Cross-Cultural 
Center, Hillel of San Diego at UCSD, and 
the Office of Religious Affairs. 

RECREATION 

Clnemaddlcts Presents Kill Bill Vol. 1, 
7 & lOpm @ Price Center Theater. A 
female assassin attacked on her wed· 
ding day by her group leader, Bill, wakes 
up from a coma and seeks revenge. 
Starring Uma Thurman, Lucy Liu, Vrvica 
Fox, Daryl Hannah, and David Carradine. 
Only·S3! 

FRI. fEB. 27 
ART S 

Eurydke, Spm @ Mandell Weiss Forum. 
Written by Sarah Dart Ruhl and directed 
by Daniel Fish. Eurydice is a sassy, sen· 
sual retelling of the Orpheus and 
Eurydice Greek myth, told this time from 
Eurydice's point of view. Sponsored by 
UCSD Department of Theatre and 
Dance. 
CI05i"l Reception for Photogr.phy · 
Exhibition by ViSUIII Arts Senior libcra 
Circzyc-Blum, 7pm @ Mandeville Annex 
Gallery. 

CLUBS 

UCSO Student FounAtion Free BBQ, 
12-1 pm @ library Walk. Come to Library 
Walk for a free SBQ to kick-off the ·1 
Pledge UCSD" Campaign. Sign up for "I 
Pledge to Support UCSD" scholarships 
and philanthropy and you will receive a 
free t-shirt! 

RE CREATION 

Cameroom Tounlllment: 
a.ckgammon, 4pm @ Price Center 
Santa Barbara/Los Angeles Room. Corne 
and test your skills at Backgammon and 
compete against other UCSD students. 
Simon card prizes awarded to the win-
ners. $2 entry fee. 

SAT. FEB. 28 
ART S 

Eurydice, Spm @ Mandell Weiss Forum. 
Written by Sarah Dart Ruhl and directed 
by Daniel Fish. Eurydice is a sassy, sen· 
sual retelling of the· Orpheus and 
Eurydice Greek myth, told this time from 
Eurydice's point of view. Sponsored by 
UCSD Department of Theatre and 
Dance. 

H EALTH 

13th Annu.1 Amerlain Red Cross CPR 
Saturday, 7am·1 pm @ the San Diego 
Concourse downtown. UCSD students 
can learn lifesaving CPR and first aid 
free. dasses run from 7am to 1 pm in 
English or in Spanish. The Concourse is 
on bus and trolley routes. For more 
information, call 619.542.7699 or email 

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 2004 

FEATURED THIS WEEK ... 
PAVE Punk Rock Show 

Porter's Pub, lpm 
TEN FOOT POLE 
and STill LIFE 
PROJECTOR will 
be performing. 

SUldent Life 
College N ight will 
directly follow the 
event. Sponsored 
by Promotion of 

Artistic and Vocal 
Expression 

(PAVE). 

FREE THURS. FEB. 26th 
cprsaturday@sdarc.org. 

RECREA TI ON 

CinelUCldicts Presents raster and 
Co_nder: The Far Side of the 
World, 6 & 9pm @ Price Center Theater. 
The commander of a British ship and 
the rest of the crew encounter adven· 
ture aher adventure as the chase down 
a French ship called the Acheron. 
Starring Russell Crowe. Only $3! 

SUN. FEB. 19 
CLUBS 

APSA Proudly PrMents 9th AnnAl 
Went Show: API In Motion, 7pm @ 
Price Center Ballroom. Tickets are on 
sale now at the UCSO Box Office for 
onlY 16, but can be purchased at the 
door for $10. 
Free Sunday c.mpus Toun, 2pm @ 
Gilman Information Pavilion. Sponsored 
by UCSD Visitor Program. 

WEEKLY 
CAREER 

Applyi"l to Professional or CrMum 
School7 Interested in pursuing an 
advanced degree aher UCSD in medi-
cine, law, business, teaching, psychology, 
fine arts, science or other fields? Check 
out the Professional & Graduate School 
Library at the Career services Center! 
You'll find everything you need to pre-
pare and apply including directories, cat-
alogs, and information on application 
essays, admissions tests, fell~hips, 
interviews and more. S58.534.4939. 
C.reer, Internship •• nd Job s..rch 
AdvIsIng @ Career Services Center. 
Need help finding an intemship, search· 
ing fof a job, or exploring ca;eer 
options? Want to polish your resume 
and boost your interview skills? Don't 
wait until graduation to get advice and 
information! Stop by the Career Services 
Center today or call S5S.534.3750. Ask 
us about appointments and walk-in 
advising hours. 

CLUBS 

Interested in Special Effects? Ale you 
a production junkie? Do you want to 
pratice real filmmaking and media skill? 
Check out SDFX. Meetings Wednesday 
@Spm in Studio 140, Media Center. 
www.sdfx.org; ucsdfx@hotmail.com 
Join us lit Muir Movie Productions as 
we continue work on our 2003-2004 
film! UCSD's only all-campus film organi· 
zation. Meetings Mondays @ 9pm in 
Half Dome Lounge (Muir) 
Winter Film SerIes, Wednesdays @ 7pm 
in Copley Auditorium, lOA Complex. 
Presented by the Center for Iberian and 
latin American Studies. For a full sched· 
ule of films, go to 
http://cilas.ucsd.edu/current,lWinterFilm 
_2004.htm 
IIIIiImIdonaI AfIIIln Group (lACi) 

Meetings, Mondays from 6-7pm @ the 
Great Hall in ERe. Students, faculty, and 
community members are invited to 
attend. 

HEA LTH 

Depressives, Bi~rs, Families, 
Friends: Attend Free DBSA Support 
Group. Mondays, 6-Spm @ VA Hospital 
Room 2011 . (Veteran Status 
Unnecessary) Infoline 65S.535.4793 or 
88S.274.3637 
Student HHhh is a full service clinic 
open to all registered students, regard-
less of your health insurance status! 
Appointments for physician visits and 
specialty clinics - call 534.8089. Urgent 
Care for acutely ill; others can have same 
day appointments. We're open weekdays 
Bam-4:3Opm (Weds. 9-4:30pm). Visit us 
~ online: www.ucsd.edu/sI!s 

Peer Education Prozmns are provided 
by Student Heahh Advocates on 
Nutrition, H IV, Fitness, Stress, Sexual 
Heahh, & other topics - at your res hall 
or student org meetings! 534.2419 
Women', dink @ Student Health: 
Emergency Contraception, annual exams, 
STD tests, pregnancy tests, birth control 
prescriptions, and health education. 
534.8089 for appt Completely confiden-
tial. New service: ECPs can now be pur-
chased directly at the SHS pharmacy. 
Anonymous HIV tHtI .. @ Student 
Health, Heath Ed Dept, 2nd Roor. $10 
charge includes pre- and post<ounseling 
with a peer educator. 534.2058 
Nutrition Counsell .. is available at 
Student Health service. One-on-one 
counseling with a Registered Die!i\ian 
and diet analysis. 534.8OS9 
WeIaht MwIpment Clinic, Thursdays 
@ 3pm in Student Heahh Conference 
Room, 2nd floor. No appt needed. Free! 
ChoIesteftII ScreenIng @ Student 
Heahh. Sign up online at http;f{stu-
denthealth.ucsd.edu , listed under 
"Heahh Education". S 15. Gall 534.2419 
for questions. 

RECREATION 

WMle WMchlng. 9:45am-12:45pm or 
1 :3O-4:30pm @ Scripps Institute of 
Oceanography. A guided cruise to search 
for gray whales as they migrate past San 
Diego shores on their way to breeding 
and birthing grounds in Baja Califomia, 
Mexico. Admission: general, S25; mem-
bers, 121 ; youth (4·12 with paid adult), 
$15. For more information or to register, 
call 619.234.4111. 

RELIGIOUS 

An You Can Eat ThursUy NIcfrt Dinner, 
Thursdays @ 6pm in the IntematiOTlJI 
Center. Homemade food and great com-
pany! Just 13. Sponsored by the Catholic 
Community at UCSD. 
http://orpheus.ucsd.edu/csa/ 
eont.mporary Worship 5er¥ke, 
Sundays. 7pm @ University lutheran 
Church. Walk right across the street from 
UCSD! Comer of N. Torrey Pines and La 
Jolla Shores Dr. 

Arena 
Students around 

campus share their 
favorite sounds. 

MONDAY 
FEBRUARY 23, 2004 

ig 9 s 
student's' volunteer experience 

page 11 

Courtesy of NISsa Sears 

Living with war: Sri Lankan orphans benefited from the aid 
provided by the Tamil Youths for Human Rights. 

By Andre Rios Bolling '1 Staff Writer 
1iJiJr.1II. ... 10 ...... S- ..w. -AU I rally knew wu mat thete 
.MP. iDd ..........., horrible 1ituadaD.· 

s.,.; .... 1iIWll .. J-8i-. in the north and worked with 
.... .. £nPsh to Ioc:al aduhs .ad c:biIdren, 
1I'IvtW4 ......... ud aU over northeastem Sri Lmb, 
Ie ....... Department of EcIucMioa, universities, 
......... ICboob uad refUpII amps. While aploring 

I'tIfioo and 1Iee~m:- tile struaIa of the Sri 
Laabft 1*JPe, she amazed by -their ability to 
¥t OIl aad c:ootinue CD work through YioIeDce and hor-
101' beyond wIIat ... people in the United Slates can 

~ ....... children we absolucrly amazing 
and more ....... than IltfOM I've yet IX) c:IJIC!ience. 
Each bu .. on story, acb dIeir own t:ragedy," Sears 
aid. "'I'1aaP the tnftSty of war. most have lost every-
daiaJ dIq'-'t. and still want 0IIIIy to give us the best they 
boW, ... if it means not ~ it tOr themselves." 

Sbe up adllllCed many ~Dg moments. During her 
111)'. Seen ... asked by a JOWl. boy. "How many land 
..... do JOII haft ~ere youlift?" There were often 
- ......... of land mines or pieces of 

• pIqpoImd ol the lChooi where she 

"It .. ., IDOIt amazing ~ J'ft ever experienced.· 
Sean IIicI. -n..e IIOries mab it more beautiful, because 
than what ~ dseIe kids dais depth. You understand 
where they're comiDr &an. We ~ them on this bus 
ride - kids who ......... 1eCt dIeir YillaBe - and they 
wen 80 acieed." 

Sean .... IIlOnIlI by the cbiJdreD abe worked with 
becauIe of their ..... Ii ....... tile e80ns being made to 

See ,.U 

~ I PROFILE: KATHY LEE 
Alumna returns to give back the mentoring she received 

IyUllUE 
Staft Writer 

While many UCSD students spend 
their college ca~rs studying and pouring 
ewer readings and notes, Kathy Lee, the 
..ustant ·director of the University Events 
Office and advisor to the A.S. 
Prognmming office, did not find her edu-
cation in a textbook when sbe attended 
UCSD in 1994. 

"I wasn't a very good student," Lee said. 
"What I got out orUCSD II a whole was-
n't the education - it was working in the 
A.S. Programming office. Working in the 
office has definitely propelled me into my 
job today." 

Lee spent four Yl!ars in the prognm-
~. office, starting out as a volunteer and 
working her way up to commissioner of 
programming in her third year. She was re-
elected in her fourth year. "I juJt got 
hoobd," Lee said. "I just wanted to set as 
mdch apoIUI'e before I left. The program-
... o8Ite WII a peat training gmmd for 
.... :\ba caD mab reaUy big decilklCll, but 
JUII CIII. aIIo make IIIiItIbL I just bew it 
... whit I wmted to do." 

1M ..... _die ............ NCIiftId at 
.... A.S. ...-

l .... J"'· -Cod - ... h"pWi tID" cIed· 

sion to continue in the entertainment and 
music industry after she graduated from 
UCSD in 1998. 

"It's really the rush that you get after all 
your hard work, seeing an entire arena of 
people seeing their favorite band, a band you 
Ixought to your school," Lee said. 

Lee's work to get to where she is today 
has not been easy. Her worst memory of a 
show was when she . worked in 
Massachusetts with the Iron Horse 
Entertainment Group doing promotion. 
The show was in August and the weather 
was bumid. That night, the Beat JW1kies 
and Jurassic 5 were scheduled to play, but 
the owner forgot to book several staff mem-
bers for the night including a ticket-taker 
and bar-back. 

"It was sold out and absolutely packed," 
Lee said. "The air-conditioning system went 
down after sound check and we had to scram-
ble to find fans. There were only four win-
dows in the entire place, and the artists were 
freaking out because there was moisture on 
their records and they couldn't use them. 
That night I WlII .dIing tickets, running 
upscairs to get ice, png back to sell more 
ticIrets and ping out • lot of free water. It 
tINIht me to be IaIble, and ft aU got 
thrOuahit ....... • 

S. ... P.,O 

9 

-. 



10 FEATURES 

~ I CROSSWORD 

ACROSS 
1 Sound of rippling water 
5 Metal-shaping stand 
10 Fountain drink 
14 Surface measure 
lS Rolls _ 
16 Severn Tributary 
17 Small monkey 
18 Earth visitor 
19 Embraced 
20 Rigorous 
11 Prohibit 
11 Palely 
13 Meteor 
17 On _ (without guaran-

tee) 
18 Infused with oxygen 
31 Leafy quaker 
34 Positioned accurately 

36 Bustle 
37 Nice nothing 
38 lunch times 
39 Trademark swab 
40 Pharmacy abbr. . 
41 lethal snake 
41 City near Helena 
43 Exterior 
45 Dirt 
46 Portland team 
51 Lake near Reno, Nev. 
54 Baba 
55 Part of a procedure 
56 Prophetic sign 
57 Garret 
59 Frozen fall 
60 Links warning 
61 Paris river 
62 Gymnast Korbul 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

63 Manipulated 
64 Quantities of hair 
65 Left 

DOWN 
1 Courses 
1 Heep of Dickens 
3 Hindsight 
4 Bared 
5 Jordan's language 
6 Fastballer Ryan 
7 Contending 
8 Rink matenal 
9 Writer Deighton 
10 Most of Mali 
11 Stove chamber 
11 Child's toy 
13 Gibb or Garcia 
11 Beaver Cleaver's dad 
14 Decimal base 
15 Finn's bath 
16 PGA pegs 
19 Snitch 
30 Revise for print 
31 Nincompoop 
31 End of a buck? 
33 In _ (in position) 
34 A<;tress Marisa 
35 Steal . 
38 Nothing in Nogales 
39 1V game 
41 Bog down 
41 Feather scarf 
44 Pelted with rocks 
45 Pizza portions 
47 ULittie _ Lupe Lu" 
48 Flash on and off 
49 Period in power 
50 Smacking sound 
51 Bean cura 
51 Book after Joel 
53 Alternative to present 
57 Bat wood 
58 Earl Grey or oolong 

See solutions on pale 11 

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 2004 

Lee: Musical talent lured to 
campus by University Events 

continued from page 9 
Lee said that her decision to 

continue in the programming 
office was influenced by her advi-
sor at UCSD, Linda Stack, who 
pushed her to build her resume 
through internships. After seeing 
the impact that Stack had had on 
her during her college years, Lee 
knew that she wanted to work 

" 

can take." 
Lee said that her job allows 

her to give back to the communi-
ty and is a merge between her 
experience with booking, passion 
for the arts and music, and her 
desire to work with students. 

"It's so fulfilling. At the end of 
the day when you see a house full 
past capacity, or people that are so 

excited about one 
dance piece that you 

with college 
students in the 
same way, and 
was eICci ted 
when she saw a 
job opportuni-
ty to do just 
that at her alma 
mater. 

Lee's job as 
assistant direc-
tor of UEO 
includes book-
ing the UEO 
performi n g 
arts season 
that includes 
the chamber 
music series, 
dance shows 
and concerts 
in jazz, world 
music and 

[Seeing the students' 
reactions] tilkes my 
breath away and 

inspires me. It 
humbles you to 

know you have one 
af the best jobs aut 

get this tingly-giddy 
feeling when you 
see it. It takes my 
breath away and 
inspires me," Lee 
said. "It humbl es 
you to know you 
have one of the best 
jobs out there. II 

Lee's job offers 
her many perks 
including invita-
tions to different 
shows and the 
opportunity to 
meet artists. Yet 
Lee says that her 
mai n passi on for 
music, unlike other 
fans, does not lie in 
meeting bands or 

.1. _ II 
uu:Je. 

- KathY. Lee, 
assistant ilitector, 

University Events Office 

RIMAe Arena-ready rock. 
"There really is no regular 

day," Lee said. "Especially on a 
show day, you never know if an 
artist is going to show up , or 
what time they're going to 
arrive. You can get up at 5 or 6 
a.m., and then it's high speed all 
the way till the end. Students 
just don't realize what the pro-
gramming office does. You get 
to see how much abuse your 
mental and physical well-being 

hanging 
stage. 

out with them back-

"It doesn't interest me [00 
much [0 go backstage and meet 
[the bands]," Lee said. "It's more 
excitirtg for me to see the effect 
the band has on an audience. and 
look out at the arena and see peo-
ple enjoying themselves. It's such 
a rush, more 'Of a rush than hang-
ing out with a band. { mean, what 
can you say to a band that they 
haven't heard before?" 

NEED EXTRA CASH? 
Make up to $480 per month 

Are you healthy, between the ages of 20 and 35, 
physically fit and 5'9" or taller? 

All Ethnic Groups Needed 

CALL TODAY 
619-265-2407 . 
Sper~ Donors Needed 

Looking for a new 
way to finance 
college tuition? 
Education Investments-

We pay, you study. 

Thousands of Dollars are still available 
for the 03-04 year 

APPLY NOWI 
www.aboutREEF.org 

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 2()()oj THE UCSD GUARDIAN FEATURES II 

I ARENA Sri Lanka: Volunteer's photos 
shown on campus 

coruinued from page 9 
help them. 

Lankan communities. 
"Having this support at this 

point can change their lives, it can 
create peace," she said. "That's why 
I want to share this with people. I 
just want people to realize they can 
make a difference and feel that they 
maner." 

What is your favorite sound? 
"They are so happy and so 

thank.ful for everything," Sears 
said. "They sit there, and they ask 
you how you are and they mean it. 
There's no pretense, there's no hav-
ing to get to know you. The oppor-
tunity to share in their lives is 
somerbing that I will remember for 
the rest of my life . The things that 
they say are the most touching 
things you've ever heard." 

According to Sears, Ii fe was 
really put in perspective. She real -
ized how much she had, how lucky 
she was and that there are people 
all over the word she can help. 

"The most important thing I 
learned was how easy it is to help 
people," she said. "Not just 
minmeJy, but to change their lives. 
It's important to be willing to help 
other people, it may not be the 
biggest thing for you, but it might 
be a big deal to someone else." 

Sears is sti ll on a mission to 
change lives and is currently work-
ing to secure funding for school 
and medical supplies for Sri 

To make a donation, to help out, 
or for further information, contact 
Alissa Sears at 
amlrs22@holmllii.com. 

crosswordsolutions 

" ,. "~I"" v ~ 1 0 3 N 1131s 3 1:1 0 ~ 1 I V HOI J.IJ. IV N 3 W 0 
d 3 1. S I 1 V 3 0 H It 1. 
S 1:1 3 Z V 1 B 1 I V 1:1 1. _ 

-, 'II"" ',eo 
, ""' 'IT('" d I 1. 0 S N IOI O N N 3 I 1:1 oov.03nll:ljl N3dSIt 
03 J.lv 1:113 It 03 d S _ 

_I" "00" A 1 N It M N It B a 1:1 v H 
a 1 3 H NI 3 I 1 It I 1. I 1. 
N 0 1\ It 310 A 0 1:1 It 3 1:1 It 
VOOS iTll\NV ll:lnd 

·Want to see your narneln print?t;riVi8iOff!OUr. 
self In the staff box of The New York Ttmea? 
Harbor dreams of winning the PoUtzEJr Prize? 

Everyone has to start somewhe~e. 80 write for 
the UCSD Guardian and fuJfillyour deepeat 

, 

desires. 

ENDORPHIN RUSH, NO CHARGE. 

Cklpotle. 

GOURMET BURRIT9S , TACOS. 
VillA tA JtlIA & MIElIl. 

In-tooPlus TrltonPlul Account 
ACCOUNT accepted at Chlpotle In La Jolla. 

Interviews by Josh Schupack, photos by Mulloy Morrow 

"Hu, the Sanskrit 
word for God from 

which all sounds are 
said to emanate. The 
more people that say 
it at once, the more 
beautiful it sounds." 

lemuel Cabrerra 
John Muir Coil. senior 

"When Mario says 
'Let's a-go' at the 

beginning of 'Mario 
Kart Double Dash.'" 

Jo-Ann Lin 
Elttlnot Roosevelt 

CoIkge senior 

"The sound of a 
Coke can opening. 

It's a beautiful 
sound." 

Chika Ogawa 
Thurgood MarshtIII 
College sophomorr 

"The sound of 
bubble wrap 

. " pOppIng. 

Heera Basi 
Revtllt CoIltgt 

sophomort 

"The sound of skates 
hitting ice." 

Anna Chen 
John Muir CoIlegt 

frtshman 

"The warp speed 
sound on Star Trek." 

James Aburto 
Rtwllt Coll~ge srnior 

SPECIAL ADVANCE SCREENING 

Wednesday, February 25 
7:00 PM 

Price Center Theater 

Pick up FREE Passes at 
UCSD Box Office 
at Noon on February 24th 

University Event. Office 
Win a DVD Player and eLlJB DREAD Swag 

at: 



" , 

12 CLASSIFIEDS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 

Fraternities-Sororities 
Clubs-Student Groups 
Earn $1,000·$2,000 th is semester 
with a proven CampusFundraiser 3 
hou r fundraising event. Our Iree 
programs make lundralsing easy with 
no risks. Fundraising dates are fill ing 
quickly, so get with the program! It 
works. 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

CCiuARo~ LASSIFiEDS 
The ucsa Guardian resefVes the right to dassify, edi~ delete offensive words and pharses. 
and/or refuse any and all advertisements without prior notification, The Advertiser will nOl 
hold the Guardian liable for any daims resulring from the publication of the advertisement 
The publisher will also not be held accountable lor any claim from an agreement made 
between the advertiser and the consumer. 
Copy should be reviewed by the advertiser for errors, In order to be corrected in the next 

Classified UNE 
AD Rates 

Students: 13 ,.. :lD words 
Faculty & Staff: 15 ,.. :lD words 

All others: 17 ,.. :II words 
Advance payment is required 

Classified DISPLAY 
AD Rates 

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 2004 

and summer holidays preferred. 
References and own car essen-
tial. Karen 858.549.1188 (2/26) 

ROOMMATES 

Contact CampusFundraiser at 
(888)923·3238, or visit 

www.c:ampusfundraiser.c:om. 

regular issue. all errors must be reported by the corresponding deadline. Credit will only be $10.00 per column Inch 
given for the incorrect portion of the advertisement There are no refunds for cancellations. DeMlines: 

Room for Rent: $500 Month to. 
Month, $200 Deposit, Utilities 
Included. Own Room. Share 
Bathroom. 10 Minutes to 
UCSD. 858.279.3630 (2/23) 

PI.aH Hnd all correspondence .... dlnl Clelifleds to: Publication Date Display Ads line Ads 
UCSD Guardian, Attn: Classifieds. 9500 Gilman Drive *0316, La Jolla, CA ':109]. Monday Noon 11oun. ] pili T1ours. 

Male sublet for Sp'04 quarter 
to July. $575/mo. Single w/ 
own bathroom. Near UCSD 
Cityshuttle next to Doyle Park. 
818.590.8819 (2/23) 

Actual location: Student Cen ... A. Room 111. 11MInoIay Noon Mon. ] pili M_ 
The Scientific and Technical 
Encyclopedia of Spiritual 
Evolution - The Evolution of the 
Species- Free access/down-
load, www.greatpath.org. 
(8/11 ) 

Cluslfled Un. Ads appur In both the Guard .... PRINT lind ONUNE edltloM. 

'SURF COSTA RICA FREEl 
Set up 3 Surf trips -~t 1 Free 

www.CarloFerrariSurfRelOrt.com 
Cold Beer. Grut Waves. Good Tunes 

As seen on "WJd On" TV Show 
Call Now l USA (408) 422-9933 

$300 Group Fundraiser 
Scheduling Bonus 

4 hours of your group's time PLUS 
oour free (yes , Ire) fundraising 
solutIOns EQUALS $1,000-$2,000 
in earnings for your group. Call 
TODAY for a $300 bonus when you 
schedule your non-sales fundraiser. 

Contact CampusFundraiser at 
(888)923·3238, or visil 

www.campuslundraiser.com. 

Join us at Muir Movie 
Product ions as w e cont inue 
work on our 2003-2004 film! 
UCSD's only all-cam pus film 
organization. Meeti ngs 
Mondays at 9pm in Half Dome . 
Lounge (Muir) (2/26) 

Got 10"? Donate hair to Locks 
of Love during UCSD Cares 
from March 1-5. Get 10" 

trimmed and a FREE haircut. 
More info? Contact Diana' Hang 
at ihang@ucsd.edu. (2/26) 

Where's the Ciuardian cart? See 
Lost " Found for more details! 
(2/23) 

EMPLOYMENT 

General 
HELP WANTED 
Local Branch of international 
company needs to fill positions 

in customer sales/service. 
All ages 18+, conditions apply. 
Fun with EXCELLENT PAY and 
Advancement opportunities. 
Ideal for Students & Recent 
College Grads looking for 

experience. Great for resume, 
Openings throughout county. 

Call now for general info. 

760-942-1223 
workforstudenh .com 

Dental Office in La Jolla has an 
opening for a pa rt-t ime front 
and ba ck off ice assistant. Will 
train a highly motivated quick 
learner. S 10 per hour. Fax 
resu me to 858.459.8139. 
(2/23) 

BikeTaxi Drivers Make own 
Schedule, Downtown, 
Enjoyable, Part-time/Full-time. 
Training M-T-W, 12 Noon. 
619.595.0211 
www.BikeCAB.com 641 17th 
Street 92101 (4/1) 

Make Money taking Online 
Surveys. Earn $ 1 0-125 for 
Surveys. Earn $25-250 for 
Focus Groups. Visit 
www.cash4students.com/ucsd 
(6/3) 

17 People Needed to Lose 
Weight. We Pay You to Lose. 
100% Natural. Call David and 
Michelle, 916.705.0175 (3/4) 

Bartender Trainees Needed. 
$250 a day potential. Local 
positions. 1.800.293.3985 ext. 
208 (3/11) 

Day Camps seek Summer Staff. 
Res iding in the San Fernando / 
Conejo Valleys. Earn $2800-
$3500+. 888.784.CAMP or 
www.workatcamp.com (6/3) 

Get Paid For Your Opinions! 
Earn $15-$125 and more per 
survey! www.paidonlinesur-

Q . 
UTe/LA JOLLA (151)458 9800· }~( " 
4130 La .Iolla Village Dr. - . A A...~ 
.~~~ 

DELIVERY OR CARRYOUT 

Two Large, Two Topping 

$12.99 
Limited DelIVery Area · Delivery Charge. May Apply 

Not valid with any other offer. Customer pays aN applicable sales tax. 
Val id only 81 San Dieoo County Papa John's pjzza Stores. 

Expires 3/9/04 
~IIIIIIII. 

One Large, One Topping 

$6.99 
L/rrmca DeI,very AlOa • Delivery Charges May Apply 

Not . alld with any other oller, CUllomer pays lit Ippllcable 11"" I ... 
Valid only at San Diago County Papa Jolln', Pizza Stora., 

Expires 3/9/04 

~~.;i5 .... J:u:ror"<':Z':'i.:~.ra;."ia;t: ~a~l" .-.. ~~ 

Two Large, Two Topping, Breadsticks 

$ id7':g 9 
Limited Delivery Area • De§very Charge. May Apply 

NOI .atid with In)' 04her ollar, ,Cullomar paYI al appllcab .. """ tax, 
Valid only al San Courwy Papa John'1 Pizza 510"', 

13/9/04 

.. -- ---

Breadsticks $2.99 
Cheesesticks $3.99 
Chlckenstrlps $3.99 

~imited Delivery Area · DeI'very Charge. May Apply 
Not . aNd with any 04har oller, CUliomar pays al appliceb .. """ lax, 

Valid only at San 01-00 County Papa John'l Pizza 510 ... , 
Expire. 3/9/04 

veys.com. (6/3) 

BARTENDERS NEEDED! Make 
$ 150-250/day. No experience 
necessary. Call now at 
800.704.9775 (3/1) 

TEACH ENGLISH around the 
world with Global TESOL 
College. See the world and get 
paid for it! Call for seminar. 
1.888.837.6587 (2/26) 

A+ SUBS 
Preschool Substitutes, 
aides, & teachers. All 

areas, full time, flexible 
part time hours' 

$700.$1050 hourly 
Call Jacki 

858·565·2144 
AMAZING! Full -time/Part-t ime! 
Discover the ult imate home 
based business! 24hr Recorded 
Message : 1.801 .705 .8800 
(2/ 26) 

Reservation Agents. Natl. inter· 
net travel company in PB hiring 
reservation agents part time, 
includes weekends. Hourly 
plus bonuses! Fax only: 
858.581 .1730 (3/1) 

SUMMER CAMPS Swimming, 
horses, sports, arts and crafts, 
beaches, ropes courses and 
much more. www.daycam-
pjobs.com (2/23) 

$10/hr; 10hr/wk; office work 
for psychiatrist. TITh flex hrs; 
pre-med/psych student pre-
ferred. 760.809.3388 (3/11) 

FOR RENT 

AFFORDABLE 
LIVING -_...-.-_ ..... 

STUDENT 
HOUSING IN 
LA JOLLA· 
STARTING 

FROM THE LOW 
$4oo,OOOs. 

Cit.uwJIAN CLASSIFIEDS 
UTC/UCSD 3br+den, 2- 1/2 
bathrooms, 2 car garage, wash· 
er/dryer, pool, jacuzzi, tennis. 
Near UCSD/Shopping. 
Available now. $21 DO/month. 
858.558.0406 (evenings) 
(2/26) 

Apartments- Del Mar- 2,3 
Bedrooms $1495-$2045. One 
Block Ocean, Free Cable, 
Gated, Parking, 201 Fourth Str. 
858.481 .9585 (2/23) 

3 Bedroom Condo near UCSD, 
UTe. Available September, 
Washer/Dryer, Pool. 
$1850/Month. Call 
858.792.6453 (2/26) 

La Jolla 2bed/2ba unit for sub-
let March-May ' or one year 
lease. Located at 6455 La Jolla 
Boulevard, bus stop to UCSD in 
front. Top floor, west facing. 2 
blocks to Windansea. All 
amenities. $1650 mo. Call 
619.519.1221 (2/23) 

FOR SALE 

Scripps Ranch - part-time f\lEED A CAR7 All Makes and 
caregiver, 3:15pm-5:15pm M-F Models. Financing available 

Attention: Brainiacsl 
Q: How do you make $$$ and go to school at the 

same time? 

A: By investing in ... Dle.o Rea. Estate. 
100% FlNANCINa AVAILAILE 

Call or EMail me for free information 
...... IWY., 
REALTORct 
858.673.7830 
Ih.'"~.mcmllllnr •• 'ty.com 

UC Gnll' 'f1-H."'" ,."l1li0/ 

.\\ 
McMillin Realty 

ACOIIIy_~ 

MONDAY, FEBRUARY n. ZOO4 

and trades welcome. Call 
Russell at All Car Auto Brokers. 
619.276.0630. (3/8) 

1997 "volkswagen Jetta GL. 
About 80,000 miles, clean title, 
very good condition, inside and 
out. Champagne gold exterior, 
beige cloth interior, automatic 
transmission, six-CO changer, 
Monsoon OEM upgraded 
sound, premium alloy wheels, 
moonroof. ASKING $6,000 OR 
BEST OFFER Contact Walter 
Paley. 858-336-0683 
Paley@ucsd.edu (2/26) 

WANTED 

EGG DONORS 
NEEDED 

Ages 19·29 
Excellent Compensation 

Call Building Families 
(800]977·7633 

www.bldgfams.com 

ECiCi DONORS NEEDED $5000-
$15000+(based on specific 
qualifications) for qualified, 
responsible applicants. Special 
need for Jewish, Asian, East 
Indian Donors. Close personal 
support provided by an experi-
enced Egg Donor. Fertility 
Alternatives, Inc. 909.696.7466 
www.FertilityAlternatives.com 
(6/28) 

Volunteers paid $30 for an 
interview. If you are entirely of 
Chinese, Japanese, or Korean 
descent, age 21-26, call 
552.8585x5590. (4/3) 

Guardian Clulifiedl workl Call 

858-534-3466 today. (2/23) 

SERVICES 

Law School: 
Preparation & the 
Application Proce •• 
Thurs., February 26th 
2:00pm 
at the Career Services Center 

Attend this Info session to find out 
from UCSO's pre·law advisors how 
to prepare for and apply to law' 
schools and how the admissions 
process works. Learn about the 
Law School AdmiSSion Test and 
the resources which can help you 
pick schools and write your 
application essay. 

DOTUTOR.com, Hundreds of 
tutors to your home or school, 
All subjects, Any Level, 
Discount Packages Available, 
1.877.DO.TUTOR (3/11) 

LOST & FOUND 

Lost: Delivery cart of the UCSD 
Ciuardian newspaper fleet. 
Description: standard universi-
ty issue (~ . 1980s) electric 
flatbed cart (no cab), painted 
entirely black, four wheels, 

' rock decals. Last seen in 
Student Center area Fri. 2/13. 
Surveillance cameras have 
identified culprit, but if you 
turn yourself and cart into 
Guardian business office 
(upstairs, Student Center, M-F 
8:30-5), no questions asked. 

PERSONALS 

Tomorrow night, Fat Tuesday, 
you can be sure thousands of 

Advertising 
1,2,3 

I. Visit www.ucsdguardian.org.click on 
·CLASSIFIEDS· in the ADVERTISING box, print 

our Classified form, fill it out. 

2. FAX it to (858)534-7691 
3. Call us at (858)534-3466 with your CREDIT 
CARD INFO. It's that easy to reach UCSD. 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

shivering locals will be down-
town flinging beads around 
and pretending it's the Big 
Easy. Woo hoo. (2/23) 

CLAS IFIEDS 13 

The Triton Engineering Student Council 
presents: 

Sponaored by: 

Kelley: Only 2 weeks left until 
nationals. Keep on skatin'. We 
are all looking forward to see-
ing you compete. 

NOKIA ~OEING' CONNECTINO PEOPLE 
Meet representatives from: 

Edouard: I saw a rainbow after 
the storm. 

Boeing , Nokia, Aerotek Contract Engineering , 
BAE Systems, NCR, Northrop Grumman , 

Hobbit: You are greatly missed. 
Hope The Shire is treating you 
well. Much, much, love. The 
kids on Poole Street. 

Qualcomm, Rincon , Navy Officer Programs, 
U.S. Public Health (FDA), and ViaSat! 

When: Tuesday, February 24, 2004 
Time: 10am-3pm 
Where: Price Center Ballroom 

Kids on Poole Street: We 
should have set better hobbit 
traps. 

Free Door Prizes! All Majors welcome! 
Bring your Resume! 

1-800-TOOTHACHE 
Do You Have Any Of These Problems? 
-t Paralyzing fear of dentists? 

Same Day Appointrnents* 
Free Consultations* 
Free Teeth Whitening* 

"Rcstricti(lI1s 
,!,ply 

.. Swollen gums with painful chewing? 

.. Big hole in a tooth that catches food? 

.. Broken out filling or cracked tooth? 

.. Pain wi th hot, cold or sweets? 
-t Our Fear Reduction Program includES: 

.. Pain radiating from tooth to jaw? 

.. Black halo around old silver filling 

... Nasty taste from sick tooth or gums? 

... Pain that comes for no reason? 

Wouldn't You Like All Of These Benefits? 
... Get out of pain! Smile freely and confidently. 
.. Relief from fear and anxiety of dentists. 
... Enjoy eating and chewing again. 
... Get a full night's sleep and get back to work, 

Big time TLC, relaxing nitrous oxide ga~, 
Emphasis on painless gentle shots and very numb teeth, 
tranquilizers/sedation if desired 

-t Our Patient Friendly TOOTIIACHE Relief 
Keep your teeth instead of pulling them, 
Pretreating abscesses with 3 different medicines to 
fight infections & inflammation, 
Comfortlble, calm abscess treatment with an emphasis 
on numbing anesthesia, post-op pain killers, antibiotics, 
and anti-inflammatories for comfort 

... Same Day Appointments reserved for people in pain 

"The Mystery of Comfortable Dentistry is Solved! 1-800-866-8422 
When You Call i-BOO-TOOTHACHE ... " for cell phones 

As an engineer in 
the U.S. Air Force, 
there's no telli.ng what 
you'll 'work on. 
(Seriously. we can·t tell you.) 

United States Air Force applied technology is years ahead 
of what you·1t touch in the private sector. and as a new 
engineer you·1t likely be involved at the ground level of new 
and sometimes classified developments . You ' ll begin leading 
and managing within this highly respected group from day 
one. Find out what 's waiting behind the scenes for you in 
the Air Force today. To request more information. call 
1-800- 423 - USAF or log on to airforce .com . 

\.,J 
.:,. 

u.s. AIR PORC. 
CROSS INTO THE 8 LUE 



14 SPORTS THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

Women's basketballloses twice 
UCSD falls to Chico State and UC Davis 

By STEPHEN VONDERACH 
Staff Writer 

The UCSD women 's basket-
ball team lost both games on its 
most recent road trip. An 83 -67 
loss to Chico State on Feb. 20 and 
a 72 -66 loss to UC Davis on Feb. 
21 dropped the Tritons' record to 
12- 11 overall and 8- 10 in the 
California Collegiate Athletic 
Association. 

Chico Srare's impressive shoot-
ing performance was too much for 
UCSD to handle. The Wildcats 
shot 55 percent in the first half to 
take a 36-28 lead. The Tritons' 
shooting was much better in the 
second half, but it was no match for 
the amazing 62 percent thar Chico 
Stare shot in the second half. The 
Wildcats cruised to victory and 
recorded their eighth win in a row, 
i'mproving their record to 15-7 
overall and 11-6 in the CCAA. 

Michelle Pietka and Kara 
Scheitlin each recorded 17 points 
in the victory for Chico State, 
while two other Wildcats scored 
in double digits. Chico State shot 
59 percent from the field com-
pared to UCSD's 39 percent. 

Redshirt freshman guard Kim 
Buffum led Triton scoring with 16 
points. Junior forward Margaret 
J ohnson added 14 points and 
seven rebounds. Senior guard Ali 
Ginn had II, and junior center 
Stacy Bolron-Gallagher had a 
game-high 11 rebounds. 

On Feb. 21 , UC Davis won the 
second matchup between rhe 
teams by almost the same score as 
the previous meeting on Jan. 16, 
73-68. The teams traded leads to 

OM! UnsfGuonbJ file 
Home stretch: Guard Leora Juster (No. 24) and the UCSD women's basketball 
team will play their final tv.() home games at RIMAe Arena on Feb. 27 and Feb. 28. 
start the game, and it remained 
close until Davis went on a 12-0 
scoring run to lead 23-13 . The 
Tritons were able to cut into the 
lead, but they still trailed by four 
points at halftime, 37-33 . 

UCSD fought back in the sec-
ond half, even as it trailed by 11 
points, and cut the lead to one 
with just over five minutes 
remaining. Clutch free-throw 
shooting by the Aggies ensured 
them the victory, and UC Davis 
hung on for a 72-66 win, improv-
ing their record to 15-9 overall 
and 10-8 in the CCAA. 

Jennifer Decuir had a game-
high 20 points for the Aggies, while 
Jessica Campbell chipped in with 
14 points and seven rebounds. 

Freshman forward Hillary 
Hansen led the Tritons with a 
double-double, sc9ring 13 points 
and grabbing 10 rebounds. 
Freshman guard Leora Juster 
added 12 points and six assists. 
Ginn put in 10 to move just 26 
points away from becoming 
UCSD's all-time leading scorer. 

The Tritons will play their last 
home games of the season when 
they face Cal State Dominguez 
Hills on Feb. 27 and Cal State Los 
Angeles on senior night, Feb. 28. 
Both games will be at RIMAC 
Arena at 5:30 p.m. UCSD will 
finish its season on the road 
against Cal State San Bernardino 
and Cal Poly Pomona on March 5 
and March 6, respectively. 

Softball drops out of first place 
By JOE SPANO 
Senior Staff Writer 

CSD spl it a doubleheader 
against nonconfe rence opponent 
Azusa Pacific Univer ity on Feb. 19 
at Triton Softball Stadium, and 
dropped a pair of games agai nst 
Grand Can yon on Feb. 21 in 
Arizona. 

T he Tritons dropped the 
opener in a doubleheader against 
Azusa by a score of 11 -5, with the 
Cougars knocking out senior 
starting pitcher Jodie Bland after 
twO innings. Sophomore Desiree 
Franciscus pitched five innings of 
reli ef but Bland 's seven earned 
runs were enough for the loss, 
bringing her record to 3-4. 

Though UCSD was unable to 
pull out a victory, their offense 
was boosted by junior outfielder 
Breanne Cope, who hammered a 
home run and went 2-for-3 with 
two runs and two RBI. Senior 
third baseman Amy Mettee also 
provided a pair of hits and scored 
a run , while senior shortstop Kim 
Aggabao scored a run and netted 
an RBI, going 1-3. 

T he Tritons had another 
strong offensive performance in 

the second game against Azusa, 
and this time, coupled with a now 
almost expected stellar perfor-
mance by freshman starting pitch-
er T ina Rowe, UCSD pulled out a 
7-3 victory. Rowe pitched her sev-
enth straight complete game vic-
tory, bringing her flawless record 
to 7 -0 on the season. 

Cope once again led the 
Tritons' offense with a three-run 
blast in the fifth inning, her third of 
the season and second of the dou-
bleheader. Sophomore outfielder 
Jenny Spencer smaCKed a home run 
in the second to put UCSD ahead, 
1-0. The Tritons' put together five 
hi ts in the fourth to yield three 
more runs. Other offensive high-
lights included sophomore out-
fielder Niki Anderson going 2-3 
with two runs scored, and first 
baseman Bland, who scored twice 
and went 1-3. Junior catcher Jamie 
Hurst and Aggabao knocked in the 
othe.r two runs for the Tritons. 

UCSD did not fare as well in 
its two-game set against Grand 
Canyon, losing the first game by a 
score of 8-7 . Rowe finally proved 
herself human, being chased out 
of the game after only two innings 
of work. 

POSTAfANNEX Yes, We Can! 
lbur lIoo!,! Off/a!. 
Located Inside Ralph's 
8677 Villa La Jolla Drive 

Lo Jolla, CA 92037 
Ph: 858-453-9798 

Fx: 858·453·9860 
Store HOVIS M·F: 8:3Oan -6:30pm 

--------~~~~~!~-----

• ~hipping • Office SUp'~i~ 
· ~tk ing Supplies • la:ninonn; 
• tlclcry • Binding 
• MQilhn~ RunIc! • UPS / fed&-
· K!y (~ lIing • USPS 
• B/W (vpits . lumbo SliiP?ing 
· fn~ing Servke • E·aU5ir,~~ 
• Slamp-:: 

The Tritons' bats showed up to 
keep the game close and they man-
aged to knock out the Antelopes 
ace Kristen Swetel , who up to this 
point had only allowed one run this 
season. UCSD was able to score six 
runs off Swetel in four innings of 
work, with the offensive charge 
being led by Hurst, who went 3-3 
and snagged three RBI. 

Game two of the doubleheader 
was a heartbreaker for the Tritons, 
who finished on the short end of a 
1-0 ballgame. Bland only allowed 
one run . tld netted a pair of hits as 
wd! , !mt Grand Canyon scored its 
lone run on a passed ball that 
sneaked past Hurst. This loss 
brought Bland's record to 3-5 on 
the season. 

"This was a tough weekend to 
be sure," UCSD head coach Patti 
Gerckens said. "We had some very 
hard losses, but I will find out how 
good our team is by how fast we 
bounce back from them." 

UCSD dropped to 10-6 over-
all, and 6-4 in the CCAA, giving 
up their tie for first place with 
rival UC Davis. The team will 
find itself back in action on Feb. 
27 against Cal State Dominguez 
Hills. 

,------------

BRENDA ADAMS : 
at SILON IEIUI GENS : 

50% 
OFF* 

itO' ' Illurcut, "'1_ 540 
It Up do or lY.!H'''''''JII , , 
ItColor or Foil ...... LJ.", •• , 

., 41" , c.,...v 
...... .,. 

I 
I 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

7770 Regents Rd. : 
151.229.4157 I L __________ _ 

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 2004 

Volleyball: UCSD is 6 .. 9 
overall and 2 .. 7 in MPSF 
continued from page J 6 

looked back on the way to a 30-22 
victory. 

Senior opposite Jim Waller led 
the way with 17 kills followed by 
junior outside hitter Jeff Urton 
who added 15. Urton also led the 
team with seven digs and freshman 
setter Brooks Dierdorff had 39 
assists . 

Given the emphasis put on this 
match, Triton head coach Ron 
Larsen appeared not to be con-
cerned about losing to La Verne. 

"We wanted to put our Long 
Beach game plan into effect against 
La Verne so we could have a prac-
tice game," he said. 

" 

that sealed the match and finished 
the sweep, 30-25 . 

UCSD junior setter Nate Jones 
had 11 assists in the third game 
after Dierdorff played games one 
and two with 28 assists. The com-
petition for playing time at the set-
ter position has become hotly con-
tested lately as Larsen looks for 
something that will work. 

"I think it's a battle," he said. 
"They each have qualities that are 
great, but it'd be great if I could 
combine all of their qualities into 
one setter." 

Waller had his second consecu-
tive 17 -kill night for the Tritons to 
lead all players, but said he would-

n't' mind reduced 
numbers if it translat-
ed into wins. 

The following 
evening, Larsen's 
squad got a chance 
to see just how much 
that practice would 
hel against the 
highly touted Long 
Beach State 4gers. 
Unfortunately for 
UCSD, the previous 
night's dry run had 
not included any-
thing close to the 
dominance that the 
4gers displayed in 
game one. 

A lot of the teams 
we played an the 
road we kTlOUJ we 
can beat. Being at 

"In the past two 
years, I've been right 
up there in kills per 
game, in the top five 
or the top three in 
the nation and it has-
n't been getting us 
wins, so we kind of 
talked about it and 
tried to spread it out 
to see if that would 
help," Waller said. 
"[Lately] I've been 
picking it up offen-
sively, but I still think 

home always 
helps us out. " 

- Jim waller. men's 
Long Beach vo11eybaii 

State had a stagger-
ing 8.5 total blocks 
in the first frame - on its way to 
15.5 for the night - as the 4gers 
outhit the Tritons .526 to -.029 to 
easily grab game one, 30-16. 

UCSD righted the ship enough 
to stay close to the 4gers in game 
two, but the Tritons were unable to 
mount a significant rally as Long 
Beach took the second frame, 30-
26. 

Stealing games from the high-
powered 4gers would be a tough 
task for a Triton squad that may 
not be consistent enough to com-
pete at Long Beach's level yet. 

"I think [Long Beach J is better 
than we are right now," Larsen 
said. "J think we'd have to play at a 
real high level for longer than 
we're capable of to get to that 
team." 

In game three, UCSD had a 
lead as late as 22-21, but at 23-23 
the 4gers went on a four-point run 

we're stronger when 
we're balanced. I think thats when 
we're most effective, so I hope we 
get back to that." 

After a tough road trip, UCSD 
will look to feed off the energy of 
being back in Southern California 
and regain some of its strength. 

"That trip basically wore us 
down. Everybody lost a lot of 
weight being on the road all the 
time and your body gets beat up," 
Waller said. "A lot of the teams we 
played on the road we know we can 
beat. Being at home always helps us 
out. We have great support every 
night. It's nice to see the fans ." 

The Tritons will get to see the 
home fan s again March 4 against 
the Universiry of Southern 
California, but not before UCSD 
heads north to face No. 7 UC 
Santa Barbara and No. 6 Cal State 
Northridge in a pair of key MPSF 
matches . 

Men's tennis: Weekend 
matches postponed due to rain 

continued from page ,6 
Oijala beat Merchant, 6-1 and 6-4, 
at No. 2 singles. Freshman Seth 
Spector breezed past Sajbert at No. 
3 singles with a score of 6-0 and 6-
4. Perhaps the most convincing 
win of the day was at No. 4 singles 
in which senior Sean 
Higginbotham blanked Ramirez, 
6-0 and 6-0. At No.5, senior Nick 
Morton rolled past junior Dennis 
Munoz, 6-3 and 6-2 . 

The Tritons were also scheduled 
to go on the road to play Division I 
foes Loyola Marymount on Feb. 21 

and UC Riverside on Feb. 22 . 
UCSD's matches against LMU and 
UC Riverside were postponed due 
to rain. They will be rescheduled at 
a date that is yet to be determined. 

Triton men's tennis has won 
three consecutive matches after 
dropping their first match of the 
season, giving them a record of 3-1 
overall. UCSD will continue play-
ing on the road as they travel across 
town to Division I San Diego State 
(I-Ion the season) on Feb. 24. The 
match play against the 43rd-ranked 
Aztecs begins at I :30 p.m. 

Adriana Erni 
GRI, CRS 

~ Prudential 9878 HILBERT ST. 
C .. hfum,. Rlmfl~ SAN DlECO, CA 92131 

&.~.~ f it 10 RUn the &In Mile 
"':-: . . ' for My Clients 

Representing Buyen and Sellers in the 
purchasing or selling of their new home. 

• Free Buyer's Home Pre-Qualification 
• Specializing in first-time buyers 
• Mention this ad and get $800 Escrow Credit 
• Get access to all available· properties for sale in San Diego 

www.ase rn i.com 

MONDAY, FEJlRUARY Z), ZOO4 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

Baseball drops series opener to Coyotes 
Cal State San Bernardino snaps UCSD's win streak 

By COUIINO FIELD 
Senior Staff Writer 

The UCSD baseball team trav-
eled to Cal State San Bernardino to 
take on the Coyotes Feb. 19. 
Heading into the matchup, the 
Tritons boasted a nine-game win-
ning streak against the Coyotes 
,with series sweeps in 2002 and 
2003 . However, UCSD dropped 
the series opener to Cal State San 
Bernardino, 6-4. 

The loss snapped another streak 
for the Tritons. Last week's Wilson 
California Collegiate Athletic 
Association Pitcher of the Week, 
sophomore Byron Grubman, took 
the hill for UCSD in game one 
against the Coyotes. GflJbman 
retired the last 19 Cal State Los 
Angeles batters in his three-hit 
complete game win on Feb. 13 . 
Against the Coyotes, Grubman sat 
down the first three batters in 
order to extend his streak of retired 
batters to 22. In his last 13 innings 
pitched, Grubman had allowed just 
six singles and a walk. But in the 
bottom of the second inning, Cal 
State San Bernardino first baseman 
Aaron Rice singled up the middle, 
ending Grubman's streak. 

Grubman struggled later in the 
game, giving up solo home runs to 
Coyote third baseman Jeff Weld 
and to Rice to leadoff the fifth and 
sixth innings , respectively. 
Ultimately, Grubman went five and 
two-thirds innings, giving up six 
runs on 10 hi.ts and striking OUt 
three. With the loss, Grubman falls 
to I-Ion the year. 

Offensively, UCSD senior des-
ignated hitter Jeff Riddle opened 
the scoring in the game with a 
solo home run in the top of the 
fifth inning, his second of the 

year, off of Cal State San 
Bernardino pitcher Casey Mutter 
(2-0). Riddle finished l-for-4 with 
two RBI's in the game. 

The Coyotes put up two runs 
in the fifth inning and four runs in 
the sixth. Rice finished a perfect 
4-for-4 game with an RBI and one 
run scored. 

The Tritons attempted a 
comeback in the top of the eighth 
inning putting up three runs on 
three hits. UCSD junior right-
fielder Ryan Langone smacked a 
one-out double to left field. He 
advanced to third on a wild pitch 
and scored on a second wild pitch. 
The three r_uns in the inning 
would not be enough to overtake 
the Coyotes. 

Tn the game for UCSD, sopho-
more leftfielder Damian Fante 
went 3-for-4 with a double and an 
RBI. Junior shortstop Keith 

Hernandez and jun.ior third base-
man Ricky Pinocchio each pro-
duced two hits in the game. 

With the loss, UCSD falls to 9-
5 overall, 2-3 in the CCAA. The 
victory puts Cal State San 
Bernardino's record at 6-5 overall, 
and an identical 2-3 in CCAA. 

The remaining three games 
between the Tritons and the 
Coyotes were postponed due to 
rain. One game will be made up on 
Feb. 23, while the date and time of 
the final two games is still to be 
determined. 

UCSD continues league action 
against Cal Poly Pomona with sin-
gle games in Pomona on Feb. 26 
and Feb. 27. The series will then 
comes to San Diego for a twin-bill 
finale on Feb. 28. The Tritons will 
then play a single game . against 
crosstown rival University of San 
Diego. 

BasebaU vs. cal State San ....... rdlno 
CII ............. UCSD 

MRHR8I88 SO ABRHRBlB8SO 
IIIIcAIIM •• 4 0 1 2 0 1 =rcfJrf 5 1 1 o 0 Q 
... " 4 0 I 0 

1 1 4 o l 1 0 Q 
....... d :5 000 0 1 , ....... :5 1 2 100 
C. •• alMld 2 0 1 0 0 1 ..... 11 4 1 I 200 
... 11 4 1 4 I 0 0 1,lIln,_:", o 0 0 0 I 
11li0ii .. 4 I 1 0 0 0 MIMI 4 o 2 0 0 0 
..... 111 4 1 2 1 0 0 .... 11 •••• e 3 o 0 0 0 l 
,...- .. 5 2 I 1 0 I ....... SIt I 0 1 o 0 0 

. ....--c 402 0 0 0 
=-:ar 4 0 1 002 IaUIIIopr 000 0 0 0 J 1 I 010 ~c 000 0 0 0 

..... " 
I o 0 0 0 0 

,....211 :5 1 0 0 0 0 ..... d 0 o 0 0 0 0 
....... , 000 0 0 0 ar-.., 0 o 0 0 0 0 

lCoehIrO , 0 0 0 0 0 0 ~Slt 0 o 0 000 5IuunI4ir p . 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 o 0 0 0 0 
~ .. 1 o 0 0 0 1 

T'" 356 14 , • S ~ " . 11 S 1 7 
ausa ., 

" 
IUI.SO uao II' 

" 
I • II SO 

......, 7.1 10 6 4 0 J Grw- 5.2 10 6 4 0 3 
KoIIIIuI 0.1 I 0 0 3 3 .... 2.0 4 0 0 I 1 
...... 1.1 I 0 0 0 1 &./pIlI 0.1 0 0 0 · 0 1 

~ IIy ImIiII&: I 
" 

E 
000 010 030 4 12 3 

CSUSI 000 024 00 6 14 I 

Tennis: Tritons Feb. 21 match is postponed 
continued from page ,6 

planned to travel to face Cal State 
San Bernardino, but were 
JClcrn:J by the rain. The: game: 
has been postponed to a later date. 

Up next for UCSD will be a pair 
of much tougher opponents. The 
Tritons will try to extend their win-
ning streak by traveling up north to 
face San Francisco State on Feb. 28 
and University of San Francisco on 
Feb. 29. UCSD will then return 
home on March 2 to host Villanova 
on the Northview Tennis Courts at 
2 p.m. 

Women's tennis vs. Western New Mexico 
UCSD (9) vs. Western New Mexko (0) 

.... 
No. 1 Oio (uc:sD) 
No..2 tieIIS (IJCSD) 
No. 3 .... (UCSD) 
No. 4 McKIe (UCSO) 
No. 5 8loiIaMti (UCSO) 
NO. 6 UCSO 

Basketball: UCSD snaps 
Aggies' seven .. game win streak 

continued from page ,6 
UC Davis had another chance 

to tie the contest, but a missed 
three sealed it as Sweany came 
down with the rebound, forcing the 
Aggies to foul 
him. He made 
both attempts 
to make it a 
two-possession 
game with 11 
seconds left. 
Another free 
throw from 
Cameron 
Jackson in the 
fi nal s second 
gave the Tritons 
the vi ctory. 

Br.ncIon 
Frlllcis 

Junior forward, 
men's basketball 

A5 a team, the Tritons connect-
ed on 53 percent of their shots, 
including a blistering 58 percent 
(11-for-19) from three-point range. 

On Feb. 20 against Chico State, 
UCSD hit 19 of 34 threes, giving 
them 30 on the weekend. 

Francis torched the Aggies for 
21 points, including five of 10 from 
beyond the three-point line. 

"I had a good weekend [scoring 
21 points versus UC Davis and 27 
points versus Chico State]," 
Francis said. "I was taking shots 
and playing hard . I had a lot of 
energy and when the crowd gets 
loud and heckles, it just adds fuel 
to the fire." 

In addition, Sweany finished 
with 14 points and six rebounds 
while Reinking had 12 points and a 
team-high eight rebounds. 

The win for the Tritons 
snapped a seven-game winning 
streak for the Aggies, and gave the 
Tritons their second win in a row at 
UC Davis. 

The win boosted the Tritons 
after they lost another shoot-out on 
Feb. 20 at Chico State. UCSD has 
a 7-11 record in the California 
Collegiate Athletic Association, 
tying them for sixth place in the 
league. 

The Tritons return home for 
their final homestand of the season 
against Cal State Dominguez Hills 
and Cal State Los Angeles on Feb. 
27 and Feb. 28, respectively. 

SPORTS 15 

FREE BBQ ON liBRARY WALK 
Friday, February 27th at Noon 

Join us as the UCSD Student Foundation kicks off the 
I Pledge UCSD Campaign! We invite all members of the 
UCSD community to share in a free, good 01' fashioned 

BBQ in an effort to make a positive change at UCSD, 
The I Pledge UCSD Campaign allows students to make 

a $S/qtr donation that will be used towards philanthropic 
efforts such as undergraduate scholarships at UCSD. 

Each student who makes The Pledge 
will receive a FREE T-SHIRT 

Sponsored by the 

Student 
Foundation 

UCSD University of Calif(]mia, San Diego 
UCSD's Premier Philanthropic Organization 

Gold Nectar 
Firestone 6·PACK plus tax & CRV 

OVER 300 BEERS, specializing in micro-breweries 
• Imported cigarettes, doves, and American Spirits 
• Premium cigars and accessories 

TR~ OUR SANDWICH DELI! ~ 
.. 

~ . " CHECK OUT ••• 
':'. ,:.: ~.::.;.: " Our vast selection of gift wraps, greeting cards, gourmet 

" .' paslries, chocolates, specialty wines and liquers! 

-t.NVD.m'YClfICA1.U'CIU«A-

UCMERCED 



Men's basketball upsets UC Davis 
Francis leads Tritons to victory with 21 points 

By MAn RYAN 
Senior Staff Writer 

T he Tri tons men's basketball 
team pulled off an upset on ' Feb. 
21 on the road again t the UC 
Davis Aggies, 79-73, after drop-
ping the first game of the road trip 
to C hico State, \08-98. 

"This win was our biggest win 
of the year," junior fo rward 
Brandon Francis aid . "We were 
up agai nst one of the top four 
tea m and in frO nt of a crowd of 
12 . ,001 people heckl ing us every-
where." 

U D head coach G reg 
Lanthier has insisted throughout 
the sea on that his team is better 
on the road. O n Feb. 2 1, the 
Tritons proved him right. UCSD 
came out fired up against the 

ggies, and its energy never let up 
the entire ga me. 

U[UCSD1 was playing at a 
higher level of intensity and we 
could never match that," UC 
Davis coach Gary Stewart said. 

T he game was a back-and-
fo rth contest in the first half with 
five lead changes and 14 ties. The 
Tritons held the biggest lead of 
the hal f following back-to-back 
three-pOInters fro m franc is to 
make it 20- 11. T he Aggies coun-
tered with a 12-2 run over the next 
three minutes and 18 seconds, 
capped by a Ryan Moore three-
pointer. The core wa~ tied at 
halftime . 

Francis had 14 points in the 
first ha lf, which included four 
three-pointers. 

Jennifer Downs/Guardian file 
Agitating the Anies: Cameron Jackson (above) and the Triton men's 
basketball team pulled off a stunning upset against Division I UC Davis on Feb. 21 . 

The second half was a mirror 
image of the first half for the 
Tritons. The team relied on its 
stellar shooti ng and balanced team 
scoring to keep the lead intact. 

Back-to-back three-pointers 
from ophomore guards Zach 
Zanolli and Matthew Swea ny 
extended the Triton lead to seven 
with just over four minutes left. 

UC Davis chipped away at the 
lead, cutting it to one at the 1 :54 
mark. After a Sweany turnover, 
the Aggies looked to take the lead , 
but a three that fell short and 
freshman guard Adam Reinking's 
layup on the next pos ession made 
it a three-point game. 

See BASKETBALL Page '4 

Baseball 
The Tritons saw their nine-
game winning streak come 

to an end with a 6-4 loss to 
MONDAY 

FEBRUARY 23, 2004 
Cal State San Bernardino. 

page 15 
16 

Women's ~tennis 
remains undefeated 
Tritons tame Mustangs in 9-0 

sweep at Northview Courts 

The 

By ANGELA LIN 
Staff Writer 

undefeated UCSD 
women's tennis team extended its 
overall season record to 5-0 with 
an effortless 9-0 win over Western 
New Mexico University at 
Northview Tennis Courts on Feb. 
20. 

The Tritons gave up only six 
games throughout their lineup, 
dropping only three games in sin-
gles and three in doubles. UCSD 
was able to experiment with a dif-
ferent lineup against Western 
New Mexico, utilizing its depth 
and talent amongst the team to try 
various players out in different 
positions. . 

Triton freshman Kristin 
Bronowiclci and sophomore Tara 
Siddiqui defeated their oppo-
nents, Teresa Pilatova and Angel 
]01., 8-2 , at No.1 doubles. At No. 
2 doubles, sisters sophomores 
Allison and ]enna Ishii were able 
to quickly put away Monica 
Martinez and Nadia Nunez, 8-2 . 
The Tritons won the third dou-
bles match by default, thus went 
into the singles matches up 3-0. 

Junior Jasmin Dao was able to 
quickly rout opponent Teresa 
Pilatova , 6-1 and 6- 1 at No. 1 sin -
gles. At No. 2, No. 4, and No. 5 
singles, sophomore Leigh 
Roberts, freshman Katie McKee 
and Bronowicki were abl e to 

David Ung /Guardian 
Ace: Junior Jasmin Dao defeated 
WNMU's Teresa Pilatova in straight sets. 

blank their opponents in quick 6-
o and 6-0 matches. McKee, who 
was last week's California 
Collegiate Athletic Associ ation 
Player of the Week, was able to 
continue her streak of 6-0 and 6-0 
matches in singles. 

At No. 3 ingles, sophomore 
Mari ssa Hilker defeated J07. in a 
quick 6-0 and 6- 1 match, and 
W estern New Mexico defaulted at 
No. 6 singles, making the fin al 
match score 9-0. 

On Feb . 2 1, the Tritons had 

See TENNIS, Page '4 

Men's tennis sweeps 
Western 'New Mexico 

Men's volleyball splits home matches 
U CSD beats La Verne, falls to Long Beach State 

UCSD beats shorthanded 
Mustangs, 9-0, on Feb. 20 

By CYNTHIA BLADE CHAVEZ 
Sports Editor 

If there was any question 
about the depth of the UCSD 
men's tennis team, it was prompt-
ly answered in their 9-0 sweep of 
Western New Mexico on Feb. 20 
at Northview Tennis Courts. The 
Tritons, ranked 10th in Division 
II , encountered a shorthanded 
Mustang team who brought only 
five players on their California 
road tr ip bCC3 l!Se of injuries. a 
result, Western New Mexico for-
feited one doubles match and one 
singles match. 

" [Western N ew Mexico] only 
had five guys, which was unfortu-
nate for them," UCSD men's ten-
nis head coach Eric Steidl mayer 
said . "But, for us, it was good 
because we had a lot of guys, who 
don't normally get to play, play in 
competitive matches and get wins 
which is always good for their 

confidence. This match was also 
good because we get a Division n 
win, and you need to be over .500 
in your Division II matches to be 
in the playoffs so that's big." 

At No. 1 doubles, seniors Jeff 
Wilson and Sameer Chopra easily 
defeated junior Steve Patton and 
freshman Mychael Ramirez with a 
score of 8-2. Senior Amir Nejad 
and junior Bryan Swatt also teamed 
up to cruise past sophomores Tarek 
Merchant and Andrew Sajbert wi th 
a score of8-1. 

With a 3-0 advantage, 
Steidl mayer opted to rest his usual 
starters, bumping the rest of his 
team to play singles in the match. 
The Tritons took all singles match-
es in straight sets and gave up only 
18 games in five matches. 

At No. 1 singles was Nejad, 
who easily defeated Patton, 6-2 
and 6-2 , while sophomore Erik 

. See MEN'S TENNIS, Page '4 

Men's tennis ¥s. Westem New Mexico 
UCSD (9) vs. Western New Mecico (0) 

Doubles 
No 1 Wilson/Chopra (UCSO) clef. Patton/Ramirez 6-2 
No. 2 Nejad/Swan (UCSD) clef. MerchanllSajbert 6-1 
No. 3 UCSO clef. WNMU default 

SIIItIes 
No. 1 Amir Nejad (UCSO) cIet!aIed Paaon 6-2,6-2 
No.2 0tjaIa (UCSO) defeaIed MeIchant 6-1,6-4 
No. 3 Spector (UCSO) defeIeed SIjbert 6-0,6-4 
No. 4 Higinbotham (UCSO) dIIHIed ~inrz &0,6-0 
No. 5 Molton (UCSO) cIefuIed Munoz 6-3,6-2 
NO.6 WHon (UCSD) dIUId WNMU DIfd 

By BRYCE WARWICK 
Senior Staff Writer 

There is quite a difference 
between the No. 3 team in 
Division III and the No. 3 team in 
the Division lIII poll, as the Triton 
men's volleyball team found out 
last weekend as UCSD swept 
Division III No.3 La Verne (30-
24, 30-26 and 30-22) on Feb. 20 
before falling to No. 3 Long Beach 
State (30-16,30-26 and 30-25) on 

·Feb.21. 
The split moves the Tritons' 

record to 6-9 overall and 2-7 in the 
Mountain Pacific Sports 
Federation. The American 
Volleyball Coaches Association I 
currently ranks UCSD No. 13, 
which is the highest the Tritons 
have ever been ranked in the 
Division IIII poll. 

After a lTavel-intensive 1-6 road 
trip, UCSD returned home for its 
first match inside RlMAC Arena in 
25 days and enjoyed a nonconfer-
ence win. The La Verne Leopards 
were not prepared to roll over and 
play patsy, however, as game one 
stayed tight in the early going. The 
visitors even grabbed the lead at 
16-15, but the Tritons tookconsec-
utive points on Leopard hitting 
errors, giving them a lead they 
would not relinquish on their way 
to a 30-24 win. 

Game two featured more of the 
same, with La Verne holding its 
lead up unti l 22-23 when the 
Tritons once again bore down to 
make an 8-3 run and took the game 
30-26. 

In the third game, UCSD took 
the first four points and never 

See VOLLEYBALL Page '4 

Lori OrIhcQ,lCuorcfon 
Twin killin,: Senior opposite Jim Waller (above) registered 17 kills in both 
matches against Division \\I La Verne and No. 13 Long Beach State. 


